ROOTS 

In ROOTS, Alex Haley traces his family's history back to the kidnaping of an African slave. The result is gripping reading and a profound lesson in American history. p a g e 1H 

V 
>1,ooo 
NUMBED 

JL 
TODAY! 
See Col. 6 

 s p o r t s 
FINAL 
F 
35<t 

FEBRUARY 6, 1977 

THE SUNDAY 

— 
........ r*€itlc©? 

Freddie Prinze: 
The man. . • the superstar 

 the STAR 
EXPRESS NEWS 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

FORECAST 

Sunny, m ild. High, lower l»os. Low . near 

SATURDAY Tf MPtRATURf S 
IN C O IU M N TW O 
Mysterious Mr. Manges cries rfoul 

By MIKE COCHRAN and MILLER BONNER 
Associated Press 

FREEH — Grumbling darkly of fate, phantoms and conspir­ acies, millionaire mystery man 
Clinton Manges strode through the chilly nighttime mist, curs­ ing John Connally. 

“ Connally’s trying to destroy m e,” he harked, sweeping through the en­ trance of his baronial South Texas ranch home. 
" It’s time to fight back!” 
Sick fight still 

 pay is on 

 hater, in the lavish office of his 
Houston law firm. Connally would dis­ miss Clinton Manges and his allega­ tions thusly: “ Utterly ridiculous.” 

But this night belonged to Manges. It had been a long, frustrating day for the secretive South Texan and he was poised to lash out at his tormentors — either real or imagined. 

He would, he concluded, tell his story for the first time. “They’re like a bunch of damned mad dogs... they’re out to get me, to destroy me,” he said, guiding two new sm en across his ioo,ooo-acre ranch and into his magni­ ficent fortress. 

“ Fighting the government is like making love to a baboon,” says Clinton 
Manges, forcing a rare smile. “You don’t quit until ifs ready to quit.” 
From his palatial ranch headquarters near Freer, the beleaguered South 
Texan recently spelled out for the first time the pattern of alleged political and financial harassment he says is designed to topple his empire. The time has come, he says, to fight hack. 

The time had come, he said, to speak out; to take his battle against Connally, against Washington and Austin, into the courtrooms of Texas in retaliation against those who threaten his self­ professed financial and political em ­ pire. 
“ He may be paranoid but he’s got 

 justification for it,” close friend Boh 
Bullock, the state comptroller, would observe wryly. 
Whatever the justification, Manges this night resembled a mighty bull, backed into a corner, harrassed and, finally, pushed too far. 
Quietly but angrily, he earlier had 

 surrendered to Texas Hangers in re­ sponse to a second degree felony in­ dictment stemming from a bad check. 
Accused of “ theft of service,” he roared: “ This is a raw, phony indict­ ment. How tin* hell do you steal a man’s services?” 
Bond 

Questioned and fingerprinted, he was freed on $1o,ooo bond posted by former South Texas political strong­ man Oscar Carrillo, a one-time state 
’representative. 
At 53, Manges is a stereotype of no one, hefty but not hearty, rough hut not rugged, a brooding raneher-banker- 

 oilman with at least an aura of power. 
Slumping into a chair, toying with a plate (ti- cabrito aud sipping cherry 
Kool-Aid, lie rattled off an aw esom e|S| list of allegations, none readily sub-lo stantiated 
* 
•(iovernment officicials, responding ' to political pressures, conspired to rob! him of lits Rio Grande City bank, bcf claimed; 
• The U.S. A ttorney’s office in 
Houston assembled a five-man i n v e s t tigative force called tin* “Tiger Team ”® to monitor his activities, lit* said; 
• The Internal Revenue S e r v ic e tried but failed to uncover tax inc* 
See MANGES, Page KIA r 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
City fire and police organiza­ tion leaders said Saturday they would continue to fight to retain the controversial unlimited sick pay law. 

Sen. Frank Lombardino, author of the 1975 act which forces San Antonio taxpayers to m ake lum p-sum pay­ ments for unlimited amounts of accu­ mulated sick leave to fire fighters and policemen on retirement, reversed his plans Friday and said he would spon­ sor a bill to repeal the law. 
The repeal bill would permit return to the payment of sick leave accrued up to a maximum of 9o days that ex­ isted before the tw o-year old law, 
Lombardino said Saturday. 
Several City Council m em b e rs reacted favorably to word of the repeal action, but City Atty. Jam es M. Parker said he wasn't sure exactly where the action left the city constitutionally. 
Both Al Peeler, head of the San An­ tonio Police Officers Assn., and Curtis 
R. Franz, local fire fighters union p resid en t, said they would testify 

Rank and file police­ men unperturbed. 

 against the repeal action at Senate- hearings on the bill in Austin scheduled for Feb. 15. 
Peeler said, “ We still believe the payment for all accum u lated sick leave will save the city money. We don’t want the city coming back IO years from now and wish they had it. 
“ But if the people don’t want us to have the fringe benefit, we have to abide by their decision since we’re public servants." he said. 
Echo 
Franz echoed Peeler’s comments, adding that he believes the present act benefits the taxpayer as well as po­ licemen and fire fighters. 
Both men said they did not blame 
Sen. Lombardino for taking action to, repeal the sick pay law. Franz said, 
“ He has to be a realist and react to his constituents’ desires.” 
Peeler said. “ We still support Loin- bardino. Ile did what he had to do and we can't blame him for that.” 
In a move which Lonvbardino said was to prepare the way for repeal, the senator lust week filed four different bills affecting the sick pay issue. 
He said at the tune that when public opinion became d ea r to him. he would pick one of the four bills which 

M o re TV 
' R o o t s ? * 

ASSO CIA TED mss 

WASHINGTON - The pro­ ducer of the landmark television series “ Roots” says he may produce a sequel if author Alex llaley wants it. 

A sequel would be based on material from Haley’s hook that was not used in the original 
12-hour, eight-day serial and on material from Haley's work in progress. 
“ My Search for 
Roots.” 

“We’ve only done two-thirds of the book and instinct tells me to let it end there,” said David 
Wolper, executive producer of the series. “The only reason I would consider continuing the story is if Alex Haley wanted me to do it.” 

S.A. underworld preys on airmen 

By JERRY DEAL 

Many street-w alking p ro sti­ tutes, second class hotels and porno theaters are reaping fin­ ancial harvests from eager, young Middle E ast Air F orce trainees. 

Also picking up extra hucks arc some bars, most of which cater lo 

 these money-toting young foreigners while they are on weekend leaves. 
The sudden rise in sexual and drinking activities because of these trainees, plus the consequences which may result, have law enforcement and military officials concerned. 
They arc afraid some of these young men will be killed or injured, cheated out of their money or will contract venereal diseases. 
One Iranian airm an, M ohammed 

A ghdassa, 19, was nearly killed in downtown San Antonio recently. IR* remains in serious condition at Walford 
Hall USAF Hospital. 
Ile was shot in the chest while walk­ ing along the sidewalk with friends. 
The problem has accelerated be­ cause of the trem en d o u s rise in numbers of the young students. 

2,3oo 
There are nearly 2,3oo foreign stu­ dents taking train in g at Lackland 
AFB 
Most of them are from Saudi Arabia, 
Iran and Kuwait. 
Many are taking language courses at Lackland under a rra n g e m e n ts whereby their governments pay the 
U.S. for their training. Some are Saudi 
Arabians taking full military training 
The foreign students on weekend leaves often become entangled with seamier sides of San Antonio, law en­ forcement officials have noticed. 
“ The San Antonio Police D epart­ ment is concerned with these activities and we are taking as much remedial action as we can," said Police Vice 
( apt James Dcspres 
“ We are extrem ely interested i i i their welfare and are giving training courses on how they should avoid such places and people,” said Brig. Gen. 

Fred Treyz, com m ander of tin* Au* 
Force Training School at Lackland. 
Some bars a re lu rin g the youngs 
Middle Easterners with pretty girls and Arabic songs on Juke boxes. 
At least one porno theater has art advertisem ent in Arabic displayed outside. 
Many of tin* young foreign student* congregate in a few downtown bars which cater lo them,.while others g(^ nearer Lackland in the Pion Road a l­ en. 
“ They pick up the prostitutes iii Hid liars and on the streets and go to (bg hotels, which readily accept them arui their cash,” one bartender told the 
Express-News. 
A hotel clerk said one or two of th# young men may first cheek into til# hotel, with young women, presumably hookers. 
"All I am to require is that they sign as man and wife,” he said. “ I really can’t read their writing most of (bf lime, so I don’t really know if that | what they sign.” lh' said other young men then w il|| either check in or say they are g u e s t! of one of those who has a l r e a d y checked iii 
“ At our place i f s $3.IK to In* Rf 

Feels like summer 

Balmy, summer-like weather brought San Antonians and tourists alike out to enjoy parks and Paseo del 
Rio Saturday. Mr. and Mrs. Rollins Bilby, left, of Lake Bridgeport, and Mr. and Mrs. Robert Moody of 
Bridgeport paddle down the San Antonio River. G ood weather is expected to continue through the weekend. 
*,AH mo,°>v ST,V| cammru 
Hispanics disappointed 

Powers building deadly fP-ray’ 

N tW VORK TIMtS ilR V I tl 

By KEMPER DIEHL 

A leading T exas D em ocrat conceded Saturday that Mexican- 
A m eric an s have been d is a p ­ pointed at the low num ber of 
H ispanics in top-level C arter administration posts. 
M 
H 
M 
H 
M 
Inside the Express-News 

Action E xpress........................... HJ 
A rts................. *............ Magazine 
Business.............................Section ti 
Classified...........................Section D 
Deaths 
........... til 
Dedication Rewarded.................311 
Editorials........................................DI 
Horoscope 
............. SE 
M ovies...............................Magazine 
Politics..................................... fell 

Soap Operas..................... ..........3K 
Sports............................... Section S 
Weather............................. ..........7J 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Lauders.................... ..........SE 
Dan C ook ........................... ..........2S 
Dan Klepper..................... .........KS 
Dear Abby..................................SE 
Jack Anderson................. ..........ill 

S A T U R D A Y ' S T K M P f c R A T U R f c * 
Chuckie lf G eorge W ashington was so honest, how come they close the blinks on his birthday? 

 l l ITH YEAR N O . 37 

National Democratic Committeeman 
Joe Bernal said that calls received by the Hispanic desk of the (’arter transi­ tion team reflected this feeling. 
As of the close of the week, only three M exiean-Americans had been appointed to high level administration posts. 
But Bernal, who returned to Sari 
Antonio a week ago after spending two months working in the transition ef­ fort, said the appointment process is just getting into high gear and addi­ tional Hispanic appointments can be expected. 
“ From the inside (of the transition process), ll looks much b etter,” he said. adding: 
“ I foresee a lot of solid appointments in critical areas.” 
Bernal nous! the President had met on T h ursday with m e m b e rs of an 
Hispanic advisory group and given its members reassurances. 
Significant 

The Texas committeem an said he did not consider his job of working for 
Hispanic appointments to In* complet­ ed, and asserted that the appointments already made are more significant than those of the Nixon and Ford ad­ ministrations. 
He said Jim King, While House per­ 

 sonnel chief, had talked to him late in the week and confirmed arrangements under which he would continue to sub­ mit names of Hispanic prospects and consult on them. 
Bernal said that his own big disap­ pointment so far has been that there has been no Hispanic appointm ent from Texas. 
Considering sta te s with a large 

The U.S. attorney appointments are hotly discussed* too. 

Hispanic population, he said. Texas was the largest other than New York to carry for Carter. 
However, he cited several areas in which Mexiean-Americans from Texas may soon be appointed to major posts. 
Three 

H ispanic app o in tm en ts already made are those of Arabella Martinez of 
California as assistant secretary of 
Health, Education and Welfare, Alex 
Mercure of New Mexico as assistant 

See HERN \L, Rage UA 

WASHINGTON - The Soviet 
Union and the United States are attempting to develop high en­ ergy beam s of charged sub-ato­ mic particles to destroy incom­ ing nuclear missiles, U.S. intel­ ligence officials said Friday. 
Two American military intelligence officials said the Soviet particle beam program was comparable in size to the huge Manhattan Project, with which 
Uh* United States developed the atomic bomb in W'orld War II. One said the J 
Soviet program had been under way 9 for more than 2o years and was “ the al hottest thing since the atom bomb." 
The American projects for develop- ■ ing particle beams as weapons a r e g much smaller in scale. The N a v y ! funding was said to he a few million a dollars annually, and the Army fund-a mg still less. 
There have been sporadic studies of rn the possibilities of particle beam wea l pons in this country since I96o, ac-1 cording to Richard L. Garwin, an IBM® fellow who has acted as a sc ie n tific ! consultant to the Defense Department I for a number of years. 
D espite great skepticism in I h e ll 
American scientific community about I the potential effectiveness of s u c h ] weapons, the Army and Navy have re- cently expressed renewed interest i i i them as missile defenses. 

 of particle beam s is perform ed h f l 
•Is, but ! ■ precisely tuned electromagne difficult at great distances 

The particles are acquired by i i ] sorting a gas Ilk** hydrogen into a i accelerator and speeding it up to h ig l velocities, which breaks down the atom into sub-atomic quantities With bv* drogen the acceleration process el ruinates electrons, leaving only pr< tons which are the nuclei of hydrogi atoms. 

L ucky n u m b ers 

Nome lucky winner stands idM get a VI,UUU prize ii his S o c ia !! 
Security number matches ih«#ju winning number announced o«#j 
Page SC! ol today’s E x p r e s s !! 
News. 

In addition, if the winner subj scribes to either the Express ot 
I he News he wins an extra V 25f__ in prizes Ii he subscribes to boingj the prize value jumps to ll art® I 

Protons 

The particle beam concept involve the acceleration of charged particles — electrons or protons — and the aiming of a stream of them at a target. Aiming 

All >ou have to do to enter clip the coupon on Page JC’, fill m out and send it in No purchase is nrcrssarv and additional Ire# 
I lin g ! n 

 l l l l i ! 
C h i l l i 
I 

 entr^lank^r^txailabl^Uh! rn xpress-News, 3rd Street an venue E. 
I 

Man cashes lottery ticket fo r $98o,ooo 

Dorothy Homill hod an unexpected visitor before her performance in an ice show at the Capitol Centre in 
Landover, Md. The Olympic skating champion was pleased to autograph a picture for A m y C arter 
— AP 
Wirephoto 
M ayor w change jobs 

Nairobi Mayor Margaret Kenyatta has left her city hall post to begin work as Kenya’s ambassador to the 
United Nations Environment P ro­ gram. 
Town Clerk Simon Getonga said 
S a tu rd a y that 
M iss 
K en y atta, daughter of Kenya’s president, also had resigned as a city councilor representing one of N airo bi’s s u ­ burbs. 

. 
- .......i i i 
^ 
-T||- ^ 

Anthony J. Califano had predicted he probably would faint, but the 
32-year-old son of an im m igran t cobbler and seam stress didn’t faint 

Buckley has work at last 

Ja m e s L. Buckley, who says he’s been looking for a .job since Democrat 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan beat him for re-election to the U.S. Senate, has found one. It pays $25 a week. 
Buckley, a man of independent means, has agreed to do commentary every other week on National Public 
Radio’s “ All Things Considered” at 
$5o per appearance. 
He is expected to present the views he expressed as New' York’s Conser­ vative-Republican senator. 
That job aside, he said in an inter­ view this week, “ I’m looking for employment, which means I have nothing but time on my hands.” 
Ile said he hoped to remain in New 
York “ where the action is” in either a financial or legal job. v 

 as his number was picked to win 
$98o.(KIO in New York City. 
The New York state lottery prize was said to be the biggest lump sum payment ever made by a U.S. lottery. 
“ We’re all gonna be rich,” the father of two beamed, referring to his whole family. “ We’re all gonna have a few dollars.” 
He wasn’t the only winner Friday. 
Fifteen others competing for the top prize through a complicated random system — employing two sets of envelopes, comedian Bob Hope and spinning plastic barrels — each came away with $26,25o prizes. 
With 2o per cent federal taxes withheld, they got $21,Olio checks. 
Califano’s check was for $784,ooo. 
Billed as the colossal year-end bonus prize, the money was left over from the 1975 state lotteries, which were abandoned until late last year because of irregularities. 
Califano, a burly man who was born in Manhattan s rough Hell's 
Kitchen on the West Side, was one of three finalists from the field of 16. 
Hope took one look at him and quipped, “ I could make a lot of money just subdividing him.” 
Califano told reporters he had been buying the 5o-cent lottery tickets weekly for years. 
He said he expects to keep working as the $15,ooo-a-year head of the computer department of Economy 
Food Services. He also foresaw a 
European vacation, a replacement for his 9-year-old Ford and perhaps a move from his home in North Bell­ more, Long Island. 

W O » M C I« 

FOUR cars of a Chicago Transit A uth ority train as they fell from the e le vate d track Friday night 
ASSO CIA TED PST SS 
Motorman blamed for crash on 'El’ 

FBI for 4 years 

ASSO CIATED W E SS 
CHICAGO — City transit offi­ cials blamed a 34-year-old mo­ torman Saturday for a rush-hour elevated train collision that killed ll persons and injured 
2oo. 
Jam es McDonough, chairman of the 
Chicago Transit Authority, said the 
Loop elevated train system rem ains safe for commuters despite the colli­ sion that sent cars and p a sse n g e rs plummeting onto a downtown street. 
Some riders were buried under tons of twisted metal. 
As federal and local investigations opened an investigation into the latest tragi'dy on the accident-plagued Loop 
“ L ,” which was constructed in the 
18911s, McDonough said at a news con­ ference that safety equipment installed alter the last serious crash remains iii proper working order. 
Man failure 
Although he blamed motorman Ste­ phen Martin, who remained in serious condition in a hospital, McDonough refused to say p recisely what the driver of the train had done wrong. He said investigators questioned Martin and the answers convinced him the problem was “ man failure.” 
Federal investigators later said that the motorman may have violated ( TA rules by failing to notify the UTA con­ troller when he proceeded despite a flashing red light iii his cab 
When there is a steady red light, the motorman is required to come to a complete stop; but a flashing red light allows the motorman to move ahead at a speed under 15 miles per hour after contacting the controller, o fficials said. 
Martin apparently stopped for the steady warning light, but then started moving on the flashing signal without notifying the controller, federal invos- 

D IST R A U G H T train crash v ictim is c o m fo rte d 

 tigators said 
Hay B ailey, who is headin g the federal probe, said she was told by 
UTA authorities that the train was traveling about IO rn.p.Ii. when the collision occurred. 
The federal inspection team had not yet determined whether the warning light iii Martin’s cab was functioning properly or whether his visibility was hindered at the time of tin* accident. 
Meanwhile, Sen. Charles Percy, R- 
111., told reporters the wreck should hasten the replacement of the “ L ," which has been troubled by a series of major accidents over the years. 
Percy said the tragedy should add 

FOR YOUR SAFARI OR ANY LEISURE PURSUIT 
POLYESTER/COTTON ZIPPERED KHAKI TWILL IS 
YOUR ANSWER. NAIROBI JACKE I S M L XL, $35. THE 
BUSH PANT, 3o-38, $27.5o. 

HOUSTON ST AT BROAD'A A - 

 impetus for action on a 5-year-old plan to tear down the elevated tracks that circle the downtown district and put in a subway system. 
Chicago’s elevated trains and sub­ ways are the main mode of transpor­ tation to work for hundreds of thou­ sands of workers at offices and shops in the downtown district. 
In 1972, state officials announced that tin* federal gov ern m en t had awarded $5.8 million to the city to study a Loop subway to replace the 
“ L .” Chicago recently got another grant of $3.5 million for engineering and environm ental stu d ies for the project. 
Although officials said they hoped to get the project rolling before this year, the plan supported by both the late 
Mayor R ichard Daley and actin g 
Mayor Michael Bilandic, tentatively known as the Franklin Street subway, has been stalled. The city says it lacks money to begin the work. 
McDonough said he was “ confident that the OTA system is safe ... and even though the investigation is not complete and is very preliminary” the cause was “ man failure.” 
“ The motorman indicated that the equipment was properly functioning,” he said. 
Prelim inary testing of Martin for dru gs or alcohol proved n egative. 
McDonough said. 
Nudged 

E arlier, McDonough su g g ested a 
“ nudge” theory of how the collision could have happened. He said it was possible that the motorman may have nudged his train forward, cheating on a multi-million dollar automatic safety system installed after the last m ajor wreck on Jan. 9, 1976, when two per­ sons were killed and 333 injured. 
McDonough said that there is a but­ ton that a m otorm an can p r e ss to override the safety system. But he said that to do so the driver must shatter a panel of glass. He said the glass on 
Martin’s train is cracked but not shat­ tered. 
But McDonough said there also is a system under which the motorman can cheat on the system and bring the front of his train closer than regulations al­ low to the rear of the preceding one. 
“ The only way the motorman can get that close is to brake when the safety beeper starts, then start again and nudge forward some more, then brake again, and nudge again, and so on.” 
McDonough said. 
Some UTA workers have said that this practice is not uncommon at rush hour. 
Asked about the p o ssib ility of criminal charges being filed in con­ nection with the crash, UTA spokes­ man Tom Buck replied: “ It’s not under consideration at all.” 

Women’s libbers eyed 

 b y 

LOS ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON — Using female in­ formers to provide details its male agents could not obtain, the FBI in­ vestigated women’s liberation groups for at least four years — learning among other things that a New York group used actor Paul Newman’s tele­ phone credit card. 
The investigation, which apparently ended in the spring of 1973, never resulted in any criminal charges, but it provided a catalogue of information about the political beliefs and sexual p re fe re n c e s of a c tiv ist women throughout the nation. 
In response to a Freedom of Infor­ mation Act request, the FBI made public 1,377 pages from its file on the women’s liberation movement of WLM as it was known to the FBI. 
Censored 

The docum ents were censored to eliminate the names of informants and of some, but not all, of the individuals under investigation. 
But it was clear the FBI made ex­ tensive use of inform ants, probably members of the groups that were tieing studied. 
For instance, a May 28, 1969, report from the New York FBI office to FBI headquarters in Washington contained items such as this: “ (Name deleted) advised that a WLM meeting was held on 4-6-69, at 518 E. Sixth St., New York 
City. Each woman at this m eeting stated why she had come to the meet­ ing and how she felt oppressed, sex­ ually or otherwise.” 
The New Y ork field office filed longer and more detailed accounts of women’s activtities than other offices but the file showed the investigation was conducted by FBI offices in Los 
Angeles. San Francisco, Washington, 
Baltimore, Boston, Cincinnati, Seattle, 
P o rtlan d , P h ila d e lp h ia , C h icago, 
N ew ark, St. P e te rsb u rg , F la ., and other cities. 
The New York office filed an inch- thick report on women’s activities in that city on Aug. 14. 197o. It said there were 3,2oo nam es, “ not all of them rad icals," on the mailing list of the 

Women's Liberation Center (WLC) on 
West 22nd Street. 
The portion of the file that was made public did not indicate whether the informant gave the mailing list to the 
FBI. 
. 
According to the New York office report: 
• 
“ A notice was posted, as of May 
25, 197o . . . recommending that women use Paul N ew m an ’ s c re d it card number when dialing long distance.” 
• “ During a meeting at WLC June ll, 197o, discussion was held regarding the use of a mailing list of the center. It was decided that Bella Abzug (then a candidate for Congress) should not be allowed to use the center’s mailing list as this would enable her to ’organize out of the center’ and ‘promote her politics.” 
• “ Karate classes are being organ­ ized and are held at the center.” 
There was no indication from the report whether Newman had author­ ized use of his credit card. Unauthor­ ized use of telephone credit cards for interstate calls is a federal crime. The report contained no indication whether the FBI pursued the question. 
Early in the investigation several field offices suggested there was noth­ ing about women’s liberation groups which should concern the F B I. But then-FBI Director J . E d g a r Hoover overrode his su b o rd in ate s and d e ­ manded the collection of information. 
On May 26, 1969, a little more than three months after the date of the first 

 document in the file, the Washington office sent Hoover a copy of a newspaper article which it said “ best illustrates WFO (W ashington Field 
Office) belief that captioned organiza­ tion does not presently constitute an activity requiring active investigation under applicable instructions and re­ gulations.” 
Three months later, Aug. ll, 1969, the San Francisco office told Hoover: 
“ The Women’s Liberation Movement may be considered as subversive to the 
New Left and revolution ary m o v e­ ments as they have proven to be a di­ visive and factionalizing factor . . . It could be well reco m m en ded a s a counterintelligence movement to wea­ ken the revolutionary m ovem en t.” 
Later San Francisco and Chicago for­ mally requested permission to close the case. In May 197o Hoover rejected the request. 
“ It is absolutely essential that we conduct sufficient investigation to clearly establish subversive ram ifica­ tions of the WLM and to determine the potential for violence presented by the various groups connected with this m ovement a s well as any possible threat they may represent to the in­ ternal security of the United States,” 
Hoover wrote. 
It was not until after Hoover’s death in May 1972 that the investigation was term inated. The file ended with a series of m em os from field offices halting the probe. The last document was dated April 25. 1973. 
Flu apparent cause of 2 Miami deaths 

Kilroy was there, but he missed train 

TO 5 3o M O N TmIU S at 
D O W N T O W N STOK 

(H R ACH) (A P) — Standing on a crowded Loop street at rush-hour, 
J a m e s Kilroy heard s c r e a m s . He looked up and saw four ca rs of the train he usually takes home plunge off the elevated tracks. 
“ I mee an old friend on my way to the train station and we got a little carried away. I missed the train, but man was I lucky,” Kilroy said. lie stood only a few hundred feet from where one Chicago Transit Auth­ ority tram loaded with rush-hour pas­ sengers had just slammed into the rear 
<tf another, sending four ears off the track 
At least ll persons were killed and about 2oo injured. 
“ We were stan ding here talkin g about Hie good ol’ times and then we heard a lot of scream s and a loud noise 
— like a big thud — and that was it,” said Kilroy, 
Wicked curve 
The train left tim tracks as it moved around a wicked curve at Lake and 
Wabash streets in the downtown busi­ ness district. Passengers often joke about tile train someday not making the turn, but there was no laughter 
Friday. 
“ I’ve thought about something like that (crash) happening before,” said 
Kilro>. “ I fs almost unbelievable that it would happen right before my eyes.” 
Agnes McCormick, 59, was sitting near the window of the Lakes lew Res- tyrant sipping toffee when the trams crashed. 
“ Everybody jumped up. We thought the train was going to com e right 

 through the w indow s,’ ’ she sa id . 
“ People fell out of the train and the tram fell on top of them. 
“ We tried to pull the people out from from under the tram. There were a lot of dead people.” 
As rescue workers went about their jobs, hundreds of persons gathered near the accident scene, som e whi­ spering to friends. “ I wonder if we knew anybody on there.” 
Onlookers 
Curious onlookers questioned police and firemen as they shuttled back and forth from a Salvation Army trailer for hot coffee and sandwiches. 
“ No, I don’t know how many were injured. I don’t know how many are dead. I ju st know it looks bad in there,” one fireman said. 
Rush-hour auto traffic, which crawls alung under normal circumstances, was at a virtual standstill as portions of main arteries were closed off by judice barricades. 
One motorist was insistent un enter­ ing the accident area 
“ I ve gut to pick up my wife,” he told a policeman 
“ Man. we’ve got people dying in the street down there,” the officer replied, 
“ Now move on.” 
Still others tried to slip by the bar­ ricades on foot, 
" I ’ve got to get up there aud check this thing out for myself,” a man said as indu e haired him 
“ You’d think people would want to gel out tif here,” an officer said, “ But ail they want to do is crowd in and get iii the way.” 

MIAMI (A P ) - The strain of A-Victoria flu that first appeared at a 
Miami nursing home and apparently killed two el­ derly patients does not have severe sym ptoms, but it can be very dan­ gerous to the old and in­ firm, officials said 
Saturday. 
Fifty-seven patients at the T re asu re Isle Con­ valescent Home were af­ fected by the nation’ s first outbreak this season of the A-Yictoria flu, which generally is more severe than Hung Kong-B flu. Hung Kong-B has la m reported in about 39 states so far this season. 
Last year, more than 
11 .IMM) deaths nationwide were blamed on A-Vie* toria. 
2nd in week 

Dr Richard Morgan, director of the Dade 
County Health D e p art­ ment, said one of the nursing home residents, a woman in her 8(ls who was not identified, died 
Friday after being trans­ ferred to a hospital. A second woman, 88 years old, died within the past week, he said. 
Morgan said both deaths apparently were caused by A-Victoria in­ fluenza. Another death, that of a 98-year-old pa­ tient, might have been connected with the flu, 
Morgan said, lie said laboratory tests were being con­ sidered in an effort to determ ine a definite cause of death of ail three patients. 
Nursing home officials refused comment. 
The national Center for 
Discase ( tintrot in Atlan­ ta confirmed on Fridav 

 that the A-Victoria flu strain had been found in 
M iam i. The outbreak began Jan. 26 
Morgan said that alth­ ough the illness does not have severe symptoms, it can be very dangerous to old people. 
Illness 
“ People who are old often have underlying illnesses that make them very susceptible to this type of disease,” Morgan said. “ Even a mild cold can la* devastating.” 
IR* said the gen eral symptoms of the disease at the nursing home were a 1o1 -to 192-degree fever, cough, nasal discharge, loss of appetite, sore throat and muscle aches. 
He expressed surprise that the d ise a se first showed up in M iam i, especially in view of the severe weather in much ol th** rest of the country. 
“ This is not the usual pattern," Morgan said. 
’’Ordinarily, what we see is that there are out­ 

 breaks in the North. The flu season there is usual­ ly a month ahead of this area because of the cold weather.” 
He said special checks have been made of area nursing hom es and ho­ spitals, but so far there was no evidence that the flu has spread into the general population. 

Vaccination 

Reports of the outbreak in Miami prompted the 
Departm ent of Health, 
Education and Welfare to ask m edical e x p e rts whether the nationwide influenza vaccin ation program should be r e ­ sumed. 
The program was su ­ spended in D ecem b er when the UUU found evidence linking swine flu shots with a rare, oc­ casionally fatal, paralyz­ ing disease called Guil- lam-Barre Syndrome. 
The moratorium halted all influenza im m uniza­ tions. 

Lawns “'Beauty« 
NU RSERY 
* 
•• S O t a n t a r a R o o * 
»» 
(Carp**) 
O R A M . run n u n ................TfT% 
* < 
UU THAN A'UU'MUT 
» 7 « M, 
TlORAfAM nuemii 
I .JO me a 

UM IM N • HAI M U H 
1 . 4 9 14 f4 
IIVI OAK TK IIf .rn... a.uLU 
4 tr iv ia T r u n k .............................................................. 
* 1 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

N " « i| 
I'eNwji t u r k MwLfc 

Ha—•> Baa lay—a 
V a '9 * G at—r a t ..* U A 

I 
4 
* 

»*■* 

W recked 

Son A n to n i EXPRESS-N EW S— Sundoy Teb 6 I 977 
H 
Page . 3-A house not M adero’s 
\ 

W A R M d a y , lively m uiic inspire Ann H am ilton and Craig 
Johnson to dane* 

 like the first robins. . . 

 they're here . . . Country Sophisticates 
1977. A totally coordinated collection of spectator sportswear in a marvelous new woven 1 o o % polyester fabric that s cool, crisp and washable. Comes in coral and white or black and white in solids, plaids, checks and stripes. In sizes 6 to 18. This is Pendleton's non-wool approach to Spring, come see it, you’ll love it. 

THE HARRIS SHOR 
FOR PENDLETON 

6712 N. New Braunfels Ave. 
828-2876 ftankAmertcofd and Moi*mr Chatg« Q((Vpl#di 

Sunday 
Nx^i'ideas 

Indoors, 
% outdoors, ail around the River City 

The Great Country River Festival is sponsored by the Paseo del Rio Assn and KKYX Radio, 

Resides the entertainment on three stages along the River Walk between the Crockett Street Bridge and the 
Arneson River Theater, beer, food and soft drinks are available. 

Admission to the festival is free. 

They say if you're worried about the budget, at the start, then you’re not serious about answering the questions that plague this nation. 

(ion/ale/ and Sprague have agreed on one matter. Numerous agencies, including the nation s top law enforce­ ment and intelligence agencies, seem to want to avoid any investigation of the assassinations. 

By ALAN BAILEY 
The half-demolished house at 
325 S. Presa St. is historic be­ cause of its architecture, not because it was possibly asso- 
; dated with Mexican revolution­ ary leader and President Fran­ cisco I. Madero. 
Interviews with historians of that era and research in the old copies of the 
San Antonio Express show President 
Madero had little, if anything, to do with the house. 
I 
Pat Osborn, with the San Antonio 
J Conservation Society, confirmed the 
. house bore historic markers because of 
J its architectural value. 
» 
“ The house was an excellnet exam- l pie of the time. And it s important be­ cause of its relationship to the neigh­ borhood and the period,” said Mrs. 
Osborn. 

Mexican revolutionary activities in San 
Antonio in 191o and 1911 for his mas­ ters degree in history at Trinity I ni- versity. 

.Johnson is currently writing his doctorate dissertation on Mexican re­ volutionaries in Texas from 191o to 
192o for his Ph. I), from Texas Tech 
University. 

No evidence 

“ There is no evidence, direct or ab­ solute. w hich showed he owned or ever lived in the house. There is little question, however, that a lot of Mexi­ can exiles lived in that area.” said 

Historic landmark 
The house in the La Villita Historic 
District has been designated as a city, state and national landmark. 
In the mid-196os it was listed in the 
Historic American Buildings Survey of the Office of Archeology and Historic 
Preservation, National Park Service, 
Department of Interior. 
Last Saturday, wrecking crews be­ gan bulldozing down the house, which is owned by the Manuel Yturri estate. 
The house was about half-destroyed before police arrived to stop the wrecking. 
The conservation society currently has obtained an injunction signed by 
166th Dist. Judge Peter Michael Curry preventing further destruction until a hearing can be held. 
The house, which was designed in the Victorian Stick style of architec­ ture, was built sometime between 188o and 1885 and was owned by the Moke family until 1957, according to Mrs. 
Osborn. 

Hotbed of unrest 
How the house became associated with President Madero is unknown, although that area of San Antonio was a hotbed of revolutionaries in 191o. 
And the chief revolutionary was Ma­ dero himself, who stayed in San An­ tonio in the fall of 191o 
The three main sources of Madero’s activities during that time comes from the files of the Express and interviews with historian David N. Johnson and 
Realtor-historian Ramon Galindo. 
Galindo, 79, has a vast collection of books and articles of that period and personally knew many of the revolu­ tionaries. 
Johnson wrote his master's thesis on 

PUC proving popular agency 

By DICK MERKEL 

I (PRESS NEWS CAPITO! BOMI AU 
AUSTIN — The newest boy on the bureaucratic block here is also the most popular. 
The new boy is the Texas Public 
Utility Commission, which moved into the state regulatory agency neighbor­ hood two years ago. 
Almost before PUC was settled in it had to take on one of the toughest challengers on the block — Southwes­ tern Bell Telephone Co. 
The outcome of PUC’s initial test is now being hailed by almost everyone as a major victory for tho state’s utility consumers. 
PUC started out on paper in the 64th 
Legislature as something of a super agency. 
Its supjKirters wanted it to regulate rate making for natural gas as well as the electric, water and telephone uti­ lities. 
It emerged much weaker after op­ ponents won a compromise leaving gas regulation under the state Railroad 
Commission 

Eager 
But PUC arrived eager to prove it­ self as a consumer oriented rate regu­ lating agency with solid clout. 
There are now .some in the current legislature who want to beef the PUC up — turn it into a heavyweight. 

Notable among these are State Reps. 
Ron Bird of San Antonio. Frank Colla­ zo of Port Arthur and Fred Head of 
Athens 

Hep Bird, who is noted for his run­ ning battles with the Railroad Com­ mission and Texas Water Quality 
11* ta rd. wants PUC to take over natural gas rate making. 

A n a ly sis 

Rep. Collazo, a freshman legislator, wants to increase the size of the PUC from the present three members to nine and extend their terms from four to six years. 
Nine 

Rep. Head also wants nine members on the PUC and additionally wants them elected rather than appointed as is the ease now. 

In addition. Bird is proposing the nine PUC members be elect€»d from separate districts around the state. 
All three have hills before commit­ tees in the 65th legislature and all three are apparently supporting each other’s efforts. 
Currently, the PUC is made up of 62 persons, including the three commis­ sioners. It is now regulating about 
4.5oo utilities state-wide on a 11.2 mil­ lion annual operating budget. 
Head’s proposal to elect PUC com­ missioners has already been endorsed bv several other lawmakers 
Bird thinks regional election of commissioners “ will assure utility consumers in ad areas of the state will have a voice on fie commission .’* 
While there is almost unanimous approval for what the PUC has ac­ complished thus far in its young car­ eer, Mime feel it's too early in the game to start bringing the new boy along so fast. 
Don't bring the PUC along loo fast unless you run the risk of putting it in the same class as some tither state agencies—fat, slow anti punt*bless 

 rThere is no eviden ce M adero ever owned or lived in the house' 

Modern's secretarial staff operated 
Hien on F el) IS, 1911, some 2o miles from a house at 132 Dwver Ave. Also s°9th “ I Pl Paso. Madero entered 
Mexico to lead his revolutionary 

Johnson. 
Galindo said, “ Madero may have walked by that house or visited it, but there is nothing to show for it." 
According to the historians and the 
Express’ files, Madero arrived in San 
Antonio by train Oct. 7, 191o, after fleeing from Mexico. 
Madero stayed for about three days at the home of Ernesto Fernandez, a 
Mexican attorney. The home was at 52o 

VV. Macon St., which later became 
Euclid Street. 
It was there Madero transformed his notes with the help of several lieuten­ ants into the Plan de San Luis, or the 
Mexican Manifesto, which called for the 191o uprising in Mexico. 
From the Macon Street home, Ma­ dero moved to the Hutchins Hotel at 
2o5 Garden Street which is now South 
St. Mary's Street. 

 arms bought for the revolution were stored at 224 S. Presa St. 

The revolution in Mexico was under way by mid-November and Madero at­ tempted to re-enter Mexico then, but came back to San Antonio. 

From late November to Dec. 31. 191o. 
Madero and a group of his lieutenants went to New Orleans. Madero returned to San Antonio and stayed with members of his family at 437 N. Main 
Ave. until Jan. 15. 

In mid-January. Madero went to 
Dallas and from there to El Paso. 

 forces. 
In November Hill Madero was elected president of Mexico and served until shortly before he was assassinated Feb. 22. 1913. 

Records show the house at 317 S. 
Presa St. was later purchased by 
F\aristo Madero, an uncle of Presi­ dent Madero. That house is still in tIi** 
Madero family. 

Also Julio Madero rented a house at 
429 S. Presa St and Alfonso Madero rented a houst* at 421 S. Presa St. in the fall of 1919 Both were brothers of 
President Madero. 
HRG facing 

I r n obstacle in death probe 

OVERFLO W ING crow d lines the banks of the San Antonio R iver at the Arneson R iver 

Theater during the G re a t Country R iver Festival Saturday 

MAH PHOTOS IT STI VI CAMPS! U 
Country river 

 party plays on 

Live entertainment by top Nashville recording artists arui area country- western bands will continue from noon to RI p.m. Sunday on the San Antonio 
River. 

Earlier fame 
Sprague was hired to be chief coun­ sel by Downing. 
Sprague’s biggest claim lo fame as one o f the best sleuths i i i the nation is in the Joseph “ Jock" Yablonski slay­ ings. 
The dogged investigation by Sprague was largely responsible for putting 
United Mine Workers Union President 
W. A. “ Tony” Boyle behind bars for the deaths of union reformer Yablonski and his wife and daughter. 
That claim to fame suffered a body blow this past week, however, when the Pennsylvania Supreme Court overturned the conviction and ordered a new trial for Boyle. 
$8.5 million 

Late last year Sprague touched some raw nerves in Congress when he an­ nounced the Kennedy-King assassina­ tions probe will cost at least $6 5 mil­ lion 

Many Congressmen also gut angry when Sprague began talking about us­ ing special eavesdropping equipment. 

Sprague said the $6.5 million will be needt^ for a siaff of 179 people and all the equipment needed for a first -class probe. 

Those agreeing on tin* cost say you don’t examine Bu' murder of a presi­ dent or a national leader for $199,(KHI. 

(F re e events, unless otherwise indicated, tor VOO and your la c ily today I 
S L ID E L E C T U R E — 
E x c a v a t io n in the 
Coulee ct the Jew ish Community Center, 1o3 W, 
Ram part D rive, I 3o o rn 
C O N C ER T — 
Gospel Choir at 6 p m at C a rve r 
Community Cultural Center, 276 N H ack b e rry St. 
F E S T IV A L — 
The G reat Country R iver Fes 
Oval from noon until IO p rn at the Riverw olk. 
T H E A T E R — 
Church Theater s 
An Inspector 
Coils at 3 p rn at USO S Alam o St. Tickets ore 
SJ 
C O N C ER T — 
Pianist John Moo re and soprano 
F lieka llm ore ot 3 p rn. in the R e cita l H all at 
Incarnate Word College 
O P E R A — 
The San Antonio O p e ra G u ild s opera q u i/ at 3 p m . at th e M cN oy A rt Institute, 
6ooo N New Braunfels Ave 

D O T T S Y e n t e r t a in s on the 
Arneson River Theater stage 

CO U N TR Y music p leases 5 -y e a r-o ld Annie M ae G w in at the K K Y X G re a t Country R iver Festival 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
WASHINGTON — U.S. Rep. 
Henry B. Gonzalez still has one major obstacle to overcome for his Select House Committee on 
Assassinations to get off the ground. 

But the bets here are that the bat­ tling congressman from San Antonio will succeed. 
The obstacle comes from w it Inn and is named Richard “ Dick” Sprague. 
Sprague is chief counsel for that committee probing the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. 
Martin Luther King Jr. 

A n a ly sis 

Gonzalez has been designated chair­ man cif that committee, which last week was given a two-month extension before being re-evaluated 
The main problem is both Gonzalez and Sprague are leaders and there can be only one leader in this activity. 

Washington insiders believe Gonza­ lez will have to be extremely strong to overcome the aggressive and often un­ popular (especially on Capitol Hill) 
Sprague. 
A river festival—country-style 

Those close to the congressman feel th!* two will butt heads right off. 
“ lf Gonzalez wins the battle, anil he most certainly w ill, ifs possible 
Sprague will leave. That too could hurt tin' investigation,” one Washington observer reported 
Meanwhile, Gonzalez is being quiet about any possible problems with 
Sprague. For one thing. In* has been too busy getting a revival of the House inquiry into the assassinations. 
With that past, it is time to decide who is boss. 
A Washington Star newsman said many people believe Sprague doesn't understand tin* workings of Congress 
“ Of course, that’s where Henry has it over him.” he said 
"Also, you see when U.S. Rep. 
(Thomas) Downing (the previous chairman) was in charge of the com­ mittee, lie ran low key and Sprague really ran the show ,” be said. 
“ It became so bail that in Congress and in the press they were calling it 
‘Sprague’s Committee,’ but I bet they won t do that with Gonzalez ” 

. 

Hear popular authors 
Jock and Betty 
Leslie-Melville tell about their African home 

Wednesday, February 16, 7:3o p.m. 

Health Science Center Auditorium 

77o3 Floyd Curl Drive 

Non-hunting safari leaders and authors, the Leslie- 
Melvilles paint a vivid picture of their home in Africa with a mixture of humor, a penetrating knowledge of 
African life and film clips. A question and answer period will follow. Copies of their books, “Elephant 
Have Right of Way" and “That Nairobi Affair", will be available for purchase and autographing. 
Published by Doubleday, 6.95 each. They may be charged to your Joske's account. The Leslie-Melville's lecture is sponsored by the Wives Club of the 
University of Texas Health Science Center at San An­ tonio and proceeds will benefit the UT Health Science 
Center Athletic Facilities Fund. Tickets at 5.oo each are limited and available on a first-come, first served basis. To ensure your tickets send a check or money order payable to: 

Page. 4-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Cisneros urges 
S.A. gas forum 

By SARA MARTINEZ 

City Councilman Henry Cis­ neros Saturday called for the formation of a community-wide gas forum to resolve the gas problem in San Antonio. 
“ We are all in this gas situation to­ gether and we are not going to make any headw ay by p ittin g one group against another.” Cisneros said. 
“We should invite people who can do som ething about the situation. We ll have officials all over the nation and the state helping Sun Antonio solve its gas problem s.” 

Conference 

Cisneros commented on the gas si­ tuation at a press conference at his home, where he announced his candi­ dacy for City Council District I. 
Dario Chapa, a former candidate tor 
Citv Council, also announced his can­ didacy for City Council District 5 Sa­ turday at a press conference at the 
Terminal Market Restaurant. 
Cisneros said the gas situation was not just a question of settling out of court. 
“We have to determine how we w ill deal with the overall problem of gas pricing in Texas,” Cisneros said. 

Fiscal plan 

In addition to the gas problem, the city also has to address itself to the formation of a long-term fiscal plan, 
Cisneros said. 
“ San Antonio needs leadership look­ ing across neighborhood and ethnic 
Ii nos to address problem s.” Cisneros 

 said ‘‘I intend to do this.” 
“ I am astounded by the division that persists in this city. It is im portant that San Antonio com e together and deal in a unified m anner with crucial m atters.” 
Cisneros said about 8o per cent of the critical issues have little to do with district boundaries. 

Serve city 

“ I intend to serve the whole city and live within the spirit of the benefits of the districting system ,” Cisneros said. 
“ I will represent an area in the city that n eed s to he r e p r e s e n te d and m aintain a healthy balance with re ­ spect to issues that confront this city. 
“ I have a vision for what San Antonio can he and I will apply continued en­ ergy and creativity to m ake it a reali­ ty. 
“ District I is probably the most im ­ portant City Council district because it's the heart of the city. It is a m in­ iature of San Antonio.” 

Challenge 
Cisneros said the city had to m eet the challenge of the downtown area. “ I am a chief advocate of physical deve­ lopment,” he said. 
"I ain pleased to work with Mayor 
(L ila) Cockrell and the rest of the council. When you examine and review the record you will see that it is by no means a ‘do-nothing’ council.” 
Cisneros said the council had dealt with the downtown, gas and growth issues as well as with charter changes. 
“ The charter changes resulting in a d istric tin g sy stem will im prove the method of rep resen tatio n ,” Cisneros said. 

- 
ORDER BY MAIL OR PHONE 227-4211 weekdays 8 a rn. til 9 p m 
Joske's ol Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 
Charge ( 
) Check ( 
) Money Order ( 
) 

Please send me Charlie s Check-out Bag for just 4 5o with my 
5 OO or more order indicated here. I am adding 5% sales tax 

Name 

Account No □ E D D 
□ □ □ □ 
□ 

State 
Zip 

Charlie Concentrated Cologne Spray, ZV% oz. 7.oo □ 
Superior Cleansing Lotion, 8 o z 5.oo □ 
More Moisture Moisturizer, 4 oz., 6.oo □ 
Fresh New Makeup, 2 oz.. 5.5o □ 
Beige (Medium) □ 
Beige (Light) □ 
Beige (Rosy) □ 
Chaz Cologne for Men, 2Vi oz., 7.oo □ 
Outside delivery area please add I OO lor handling; inside delivery area, please add LOO on purchases 25,oo and under. 

TO CALL lOSKE'S T O U FREE, ii you live within a 6o mile radius oi San Antonio, dial Operator and ask tor ENterpnse 9951, 

Discover the difference 
Charlie can make . . . it's unique and exciting! 
I 

A difference in how others see you and in how you see yourself. Now s the time to discover the Charlie difference ... in unique gel system skincare to get your skin its cleanest, freshest, softest ... in make up ... from the most natural facecolor to the shiniest lips to the freshest-looking eyes ... in ex­ tra-extra shine conditioning shampoo that washes in all sorts of good things as it washes out dirt and excess oils . . . and in the fragrance that's full of surprizes . . . Just like you. Get the difference in 
Cosmetics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park or 
Austin Highland Mall . . . and get this special bonus, too . . . 
CHARLIE'S CHECK-OUT BAG is worth 21.5o, but it's yours for just 4.5o with any 5.oo or more purchase from the Charlie or Chaz Col­ lections by Revlon. You get . . . More Moisture 
Moisturizer, Creme, Extra-Extra Shine Lipstick, 
Fragranced Bath Soap and Concentrated Perfume 
Spray. Cosmetics, all stores. 

Addr* 

City 
JOSKEB 
A UMH o# AL UCD STOMS 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 
I L 

UTHSCSA Wives Club - Tickets c/o Mrs. Kenneth G. Gould, Jr. 
151 Algerita Drive 
San Antonio, Texas 7823o 
JOSKE’S 
M A UMH O f ALUKO STOAKS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

FLA M ES S H O O T from naptha-loaded barge 

 after vessel struck the Cochran bridge, upper 

 left, near M o b ile, A la ., early Saturday and 

 exploded 
Fire fighters halt spread of barge fire 

ASSOCIATE m s s 
M OBILE, Ala. — Firem en fought for nine hours to extinguish a flaming spill of vo­ latile fuel they called “ liquid dynamite” 
Saturday after a barge exploded on the 
Mobile River. 
The barge, one of four carrying an estimated 4 million gallons of highly fla m m a b le naphtha, crashed into the Coch­ rane 
B rid g e shortly before 5:3o a.m., sending a shudder a cro ss this port city. 
No in ju rie s were reported, but the blast turned into a raging fire five miles north of down­ town Mobile. 
For hours, flames from the spill threatened to spread to the other three barges still linked to tile burning hulk, as well as to fuel storage tanks on the river banks. 
Winds and c u rre n ts kept the fire from spreading to the other three barges. O fficials had said it was impossi­ ble to separate the other three b a rg e s from the blazing wreckage. 
Extinguished 
The fire finally was extinguished late Satu r­ day afternoon. The C S. 
Coast Guard said fire control te a m s would remain near the barge overnight. 
The extent of damage to the bridge was not im­ mediately known. It had been raised to allow the tugboat pushing the barges to pass beneath. 

Man dies iii fight 

A young San Antonio man died Saturday night following a shooting inci­ dent. 
P olice identified the victim as Dennis Heck, 
22, of 541 Highland Blvd. 
Ho was pronounced dead on arrival at Baptist Ho­ spital following the 1o:14 p.m. incident in which he rece iv e d a shotgun wound to the face. 
Witnesses told officers 
Heck was shot during an argument with another man in the HOO block of 
Leigh Street in Victoria 
Courts. 
The man then fled on foot. A suspect matching the description of the as­ sailant was apprehended shortly a fte rw a rd s by police Community R ela­ tions O ffic e r R ich a rd 
F n sm in g er in the 13oo b lock of Iv 
D urango 
Street, officers reported. 
P o lice said a 
.3 8 -c a lib e r pistol was found at the scene of the shooting. Homicide de­ tectives were continuing their investigation of the incident late Saturday. 
Road dilemma taxing problem 

AUSTIN (A P) — Good highways are popular with 
Texans. 
State taxes, meager as they are for most families, are not. 
Thus Gov. Dolph Briscoe's proposal to “ rob Peter to pay Paul to flesh out the undernourished highway fund. 
His bill, set for House debate Tuesday, would fatten the highway fund with general revenue. The money ordinarily would pay for such things as state police, colleges and mental hospitals. 
An increase in the gasoline tax is the only realistic alternative. 
But it violates “ no new taxes," the successful campaign slogan Briscoe will use again if he seeks re-election next year as he has indicated. 
Opposition is building. But don't hold your breath. 
The House leadership is committed, like Briscoe, both to highways and no new taxes. 
The bill would transfer $561.2 million over the next two years from general revenue to the highway fund. 
It* would do this by perm anently dedicating three-fourths of the motor vehicle sales tax and all of the general sales tax on lubricating oil, motor oil and auto parts, accessories and tires. 
It also would put a $2o million a year ceiling on the 
|M»rtiou o f/the highway'fund used to finance the 
Department of Public Safety. lf the DPS is financed as recommended by the legislative Budget Board, the ceiling will impose a further drain on general revenue of $87 6 million. 
To round out the $825 million Briscoe wants to give highways over the next two years, the legislature would have to appropriate $176 million from federal revenue sharing — which normally goes to routine budget items. 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

,K.d w t ta w tfn to*N»» O'* 
Do, 
.<*>— « B«» ow) ,*• to*, * CM. UN*) 
Mf. Tmh I Do* -M* <*•’ toito Mo-too, to* toto* *•*"• Ahu o« a too-tot, 
. Mr « O »>"»> Do, W». W » Dor *o«. a* o toto"**"* Vtowto, fry THO f tp)r)» Now* CC'pOtiH-on f O Au. IO O 
U*«m H I** 
Pmd a* 

„,.H<UOO * OMO 
Or IOO .tow to J* Or t w o 1 *1 1 » " lo *»■■■"■»» « <— <*• U »O o» 
IMM® Iwxto »a«fM tonne 

.I i v m o h M h to «**♦»•<> to toto A -* — . !«#>*«, to tm A W O ***•» fto. 
MO to. tot WtoHiK 'to * to to to O to * * * ' «to totoo#.! «w PMA' O' •• 

MAIL SUf tSCIIPTION B A T IS tomtit ****** 
4 is#**#*** 
CM* 
I 
CJM# i Otto, 

OTHER S T A U S 
Mb'—§ t Wtotoi, totow w , ..to,, 
I .toMi A XwMtor t o t o y O o , 

I rn 
Ii to 
It 
I I O I 
I t t< ll 11 

I* ll ll H 
I* t i 
I t > * 
It t» 

• tost t i* It 
I/I *o t i * > I t i 11» l»t ll 

I *< 

 l i t N ltr> it 
IM ' It 
It* It 
I JO Al 

I JI it l f I' l i t I * 
1 1 1 ' I 
I IO l l ll* to ti* I.) lit ti l i t * * 
I I I N 

 ttmrn* toto toptoto ll a# *•* Ne***I* ti tip 
IM, A Aw toto HOA to** Ii *• *o* toto turn*i to,i I Motor - I' •« *•* *toto* — WOO- to. 
T o m * * * W O * I A t ! to .,w h a I-to --to Jto to t o . ONI l u x * * I t it rn - * o * 

’ 
S m A UNIT Or ALLIED STOMS 

The blouson is the newest way to top your pleated skirt 

This is a soft, easy, utterly feminine look that s taking the fashion world by storm ... In dressy designs it turns your skirts into something special ... in sporty styles, it's great with pants or shorts. Shown here, Ship 'N Shore's nautical print and stripe pull-over blouson with long sleeves, in red and white or navy and white, 18.oo. With it, a classic soft pleated skirt in white, navy or black, 22.oo Both are lux­ urious, silky Qiana* nylon and come in sizes 8 to 18. Sun 
Country Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. Discover our splendid look ... and charge it! 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

A 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Texas Legislature 
Status of bills 

HB 877 by Rep. Frank Madia would impose additional penalities against persons violating certain agreem ents in the rental of services, r e fe rre d to 
C o m m itte e on 
C rim in a l 
Jurisprudence. 
HB 882 by Rep. R ains would authorize an appropriation of about $! million from the state's general fund to Southwest Texas State 
U niversity, San M arcos, to help pay for the u n iv e r s ity ’s u tility b ills; re fe rre d tp 
Appropriations Committee. 
HB 88:1 by Rains would authorize general law cities to annex flood control areas adjoining a city’s w ater supply reservoir without consent of owners or residents; referred to Committee on 
Intergovernm ental Relations. 
In the Senate, Sen. Frank Lom bardino's four latest bills dealing with sick pay for fire fighters and policemen have been referred to the C ornj m ince on Intergovernm ental Relations. 
C OM M ITTEE ACTION 

HB 448 co-authored by Bird was sent tn"a tram* sportation subcom mittee. The bill would prohf* bit the D epartm ent of F’ublie Safety from re: leasing accident records of an individual who was not liable. 
HH 9o by Bird was sent to a natural resources subcom mittee. This bill would remove certain m em bers of the Texas W ater Quality Board to be replaced by other professionals iii the field of water quality. 
Senate Bill 33o by Lombardino creating lour new district courts in Bexar County has been referred to the House Com m ittee on Judicial 
Affairs 
SBs 93 and 93 by Sen John Traeger have been referred to the House Committee on Insurance. 
The two bills passed the Senate last week. They propose two separate retirem ent and insurance system s for general state employes and higher education employes. 
FLOOK ACTION 
SBs 19o and 191 by Traeger were passed by the 
Senate. The two bills add podiatrists to w ork­ m en's compensation coverage and regulate the care assigned to the doctors under insurant’*} policies. Thev have been sent to the House. 
RESOLUTIONS 

House Simple Resolution 23 by Rep to n W ile 
Sutton callin g for sta te funds to renovate a recently acquired state office building iii her San 
Antonio district; referred to subcom m ittee on resolutions from State Affairs Committee. 
HSR 25 by Rep. Al Brown req u estin g the rededication of U niversity of Texas M emorial 
Stadium to American Veterans Memorial Sta­ dium. referred to Committee on State Affairs. 
House C oneurrent R esolution 38 by Bexar 
County delegation, in memory of the late form er 
State Rep. Joseph Sage of San Antonio; adopted by the House and Senate 
House Joint Resolution by Rep. Abe Ribak proposing to amend the constitution to limit the term s of state representatives to four two year 
• term s and state senators to two four years term s; re fe rre d to C o m m itte e on C o n s titu tio n a l 
Amendments. 
HJR by Ribak proposing to amend the constit-' ut ion to limit the term of governor to two four year term s and lieutenant governor to two four year term s referred to Committee on Constitu­ tional Amendments 
Senate Concurrent Resolution IO by T raeger inviting historian I R. Fehrenbaek to address 
I he L eg islatu re on T exas Independence Day 
March 2. passed by Senate and report I'd favora­ bly out of House Administration Committee. 

 fcXHKtSS N tW S CAPITO! BUREAU 
AUSTIN — The House returns from the long weekend to tackle its first major undertaking of the current legislative session. 

H ouse Speaker B ill C layton an­ nounced F riday that Gov. Dolph 
B riscoe’s highway finance plan has been placed on the calendar for Tues­ day. 
Briscoe’s highway plan, carried as 
House Bill 3 by Rep. Jim Nugent of 
Kerrville, seeks to transfer $825 m il­ lion into the sta te D ep artm ent of 
Highways and Public Transportation. 
Briscoe unveiled the plan last July, saying the funds were necessary dur­ ing the next two years if the depart­ ment is to continue construction and maintenance programs which are now 
$11 billion behind schedule. 
Clayton predicted HB 3 “ will pass the House this coming week and we’re told the Senate will also probably take quick action.’’ 
With the highway funding bill ex ­ pected to take up m ost of the floor business in the House for the week, members also are facing an unusually heavy schedule of night com m ittee sessions. 
Regents 
In the Scnab', a nom inations subcom m ittee will meet Tuesday .morning to begin considera­ tion of th ree nom inations by B riscoe to the 
University of Texas System Board of Regents. 
All three are longtime backers of Briscoe and their nom inations have already stirred som e controversy and charges of gubernatorial cron­ yism. t he nom inees are Je ss Hay of D allas. Dr. 
Sterling ll Fly -lr. of Uvalde and M rs Jane 
Blum berg of Seguin 
The status of local interest legislation pend­ ing before the Haiti Legislature through Friday includes; 
BILLS INTRODUCED 

House Hill 77-') bv Ret* Don Rains would re­ quire either a county’s .juvenile board or com ­ bination of the district and local courts to desig­ nate one or more of t ti** court judges to serve as juvenile court judge, referred to House Judiciary 
( ommittce. 
IIH HU) by Reps Bonnie Buck of New Braunfels and Roo Bird of San Antonio would completely recodify the Texas Liquor Control Aet; referred to Committee on Liquor Regulation. 
BB 858 by Rep Bob Vale would exempt the sale. m anufacture and installation of solar en­ ergy devices from the state franchise (ax; re­ ferred to Com m ittee on Ways and Means. 
HH 873 bv Reps Tom Sehieffer of Fort Worth and lim Nowlin of San Antonioo would place restrictions on certain "take or pay” contracts between producers and purchasers of natural 

The knit Either Shirt' 
For casual or dress it’s great either wax 

Meet tlu* hither Shirt: a short sleeve Perma-PresC shirt, so easy to care for and so versatile it can be worn for any occasion. Wear it with a tie, and it's a perfect complement to any suit. W ithout a tie, and it's comfortably correct for casual wear. 

I odor some take or pay contracts, purchasers must pay IOO per cent of the price of gas daily w hether or not it is delivered The Schielfer- 
Nowltn bill would limit payment to 8o per cent. referred to Natural Resources Committee. 

SAVE *2 
C o n g r e s s 
Status of bills 

< ongressionul pay raise 
The Senate voted 
58 42 to table (kill) a resolution that would have blin ked a pay raise for m em bers of Congress, federal judges and top-level executive branch officials. The raises were proposed • by P resi­ dent Ford on Jan 17 and are scheduled to take effect F eb 2o, unless vetoed by cither house of 
( engross The proposal would increase the pay tor m em bers of Congress to $57,5oo iron) $44.8oo and provide increases for about 2.ooo other fe­ deral officials as well 

Regular ‘9.99. 
Light­ weight jacket ha* a Colton flannel lining. NXatcr-repel- 

I «* ti I -hell, c h i -tic cuffs. 
-nap front, lira w- I ri ti pl wai-l. Varlets of color*. men * ,-i/c- > -\I.. 

• M e n's Suits 
Men’s casual and 

Voting to table (kill) resolution disapproving pay raise Bentsen (D). 

Voting not to table resolution disapproving pa* raise Tower (It) 
• sport, dress socks 

Assassinations investigation 
V controversial 
House com m ittee received a tem porary exten­ sion to. continue its investigations into the assassinations of John F Kennedy and Martin ln ieves : like coffee 

If the price of coffee continues to rise, som4 grocery stores may neotf to keep a close watch o» the traditional morning 
.stimulant. 
A security guard at a 
Southwest San Antonio superm arket Friday af­ ternoon saw a man place six two-pound cans til coffee in a cart. 
The man walked out of the store without paying for the co ffee , police said. 
The value of the six cans am ounted to a grand total of $28.HH. 
A 26-year-old man was charged with theft in connection with the inci­ dent 
Juan G, Torres, who listed a Dallas address, was jailed in lieu of $4oo bond set by Acting Night 
M agistrate Homer Wal­ ls. 
Aud Saturday, the manager of a supermar­ ket in the 15(H) block of 
North Main Avenue noti­ fied police after observ­ ing a woman take three one-pound cans of regu­ lar grind coffee worth a total of $9 *25 from the shelf and put them into a large handbag 
The manager stopped the woman after she had walked outside and held her for police, according lo police rcjMirU 
C harged with theft under $2o is Mar) Kli/a beth Davis, 24 of 35o2 
Tucker Drive 
She was 
Jailed in ben of a 12oo bund set bv Acting Night 
Magistrate Hooter Walls 

Step into fashion in this soft, comfortable hosiery. 
There’s a style for every occasion. Casual crew socks, sport socks and slack length dress hosiery. 
Stock up now and save! 
$1.25 dress socks 
............................................ 1.o5 

Sears all-cotton underwear for comfort and absorbency 

FAMOUS 

RINSE 

A CHEAT 
PERFOR 
CO LO RS 

(five* failed, lightened or grav hair a ahint tncrv radiance. 
You’ll get long-lasting comfort in these T-shirts and briefs, made of 1oo% cotton. Crew neck T-shirt has hemmed sleeves and bottom. Rib knit brief has covered elastic waistband and leg bindings. All are easy care, just machine wash and tumble dry. 

I h i I P fill u re 
Sears Where America 
Price* Good thru Sal., I*cb. I2 lh til* l u l l i n g - b a i l l i 
Mina .fir* 
{J 

I lot* Mitt*, ii P tiu i M utt- 
'- .d r d r tti a l N a* a r t o 

Moil aud I bur- 
I I I o t h e r d a y * ‘I. Ill ii 

Milliard l i n o Slur* al PlriiMuiiiM Rd. 
Moo th ru 'R I 

I M io * ii* f o r a I o ( M |ilo * o - M ta r « I • • ■ • • w lt a to i a 
I ti-la Ult! » It -a io li 
MdOarv lh "aion 
I * to ta l C ark 'a l t i n ................ .. 

JJM 12o » 
JAH U t : J i i * Ait?* 
Satisfaction (I un run tied or Your Money Back 

« 

• p f 
. • r«i*r * 
, i ;•'• •<-*!•'• * . < ^ «? 

Shadow 

 play 

SLANTING rays of the afternoon sun cast long shadows as 
Tim McMahon, »— running alongside 
McCullough Avenue 
— stops suddenly to watch his shadow cut capers on the pave­ ment. — Staff Photo by II. M. Dean Jr. 

» 

 n 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Sunday Reb 6 I 9 7 7 
H 

 belted tunics and proportioned-fit 
>x pants 
L 
X 

 on Stars 

Sale! 
Hug-alon® hosiery 

U cg iilar $ I ..'1*1 
K c g u lar OO' 

P a u l) lu>-e. *t*ed by bright anti Height. 

 iii Sandalfoot, reinforced or ultra-sheer 

-1 \ I r s , Sa n d a lfo o t o r u ltra -sh e e r stock- 

 l u g s . Sandalfoot ankle or knee high*, one 

 size fits H 'j to l l . A ll in fashion shades. 

In o u r H osiery D epartm ent 

S a le p rice s g o o d th ru fe b r u a r y loth 
R eg u lar MO 

 am i a com plete line of re la te d product* 

 p in n a f o r an appointm ent 

Tile f ig u re S h o p 

 al Sears l . nlral I'ari. 
22H-SIIH 
'Hilliard Dr. 
22M-.VHH 
R egular *12 

Cross n’ Shape bra that gives you roundness 

SALE! *> 
5 o 
Save $3 for 4 regular $3.69 each 

Cross n’ shape styling for the fit, support and natural look you want. Contour nylon lace cups, nylon and Lycra* spandex sides. 
Available in B, C cups. 

Pants (Women's 3K-4 4 ) 
Regular SI I ........ 

Tunics ( Women's .iii- IT) 

Regular SI I ......... 

 t he little briel with front lace 
K inel. Back seam helps give smooth look, ose-hugger legs. Nylon and Lvcra* span­ dex. Sizes S to XL. 

 proportioned 

 pants 

I m o u r Intimate A p iw r r l Dvpm rltnrm l 

Whore America shope 

Satm/mtutn (iuarunt* or Your Mutwy Rut A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
COUPON DAYS GNC 

VITAMINC 

FREE! 
BLOOD PRESSURE 
TESTER 
AT CENTRAL PARK ONLY! 
SATURDAY, FEB. 12, 1977 

OLDFASHIONED 
GRANOLA 
11b. Bag 

 i l l AM. U N B YOU SAVE a c 
VITAMIN E 

SOO mg. 99 i$1» 
* 
I IOO 
25o-S475 

5 8 o m g .N o ^ j 
COMPARE 

Ascorbic | IOO 
*** 25o-$3 7o 
No 
2511 
1oDD mg. 

|GERfToL to 
GERBEN 
LIQUID 
£&u$I85 
16 O Z 
I 

25o-$8 

COMPARE SqutoC 
Theragran to 

Therapeutic 
Multi-Vitamins 

COMPARE 
MUS 
ONE-A-DAY to UNkGEN 

EQR* 
2ooLU . 
NO 
995 

COMPARE 

GERTToL to 

GERMsEN 

SA M E 
A f 
F O R M U L A 6 j | i 

MO LU. 
No 
991 

25o 
$7 45$o99 rc z mu. 
No 
989 

5oo 
$33 88’*6” 
8 8 w IOO 

MLLJERS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN! 

B-Complex ,oo $5.45 

5o mg in 8 FACTORS 
25o- $13 OO! 

I9 W U sac cairai 

•AlUMH tic COMM 

7oz. 

UNBLEACHED 
FLOUR 
21b. 
YOU 
&AVI7C 

 o w lim n FR ta. u n 

 f UMH O M I 

NOT 
16 OZ. 
BY 
MAIL 

FOR FAST WEIGHT LOSS! M 
"GRAPEFRUIT” 
DIET PIAN 
Eat No Grapefruit.. w TT miy 

•At UAM I M C COM M 

TOASTED 

12 OZ. 
15 Varieties 
I YOU SAVI Cc I ora arm s rn. n. htt 

•MUAAU MCOQUPM 
APPLE 
{JUICE 
132 OZ. W 
YOU 
" I 
! SAVE IOC ofmiiwRem. n. i«n 

MIXED 
NUTS 
NO PEANUTS SGZ. YOU SAVI Mel 

WAIT OW, H A R B HA. it. IAT? 

LIQUID PROTEIN 

PREDIGESTED sn MM F 

15Gramsof PrecJgested 
I UMH I Protein per omoe 
PLEASANT TASTMG 

• tUUAMICMCOUPW 
RAISIN BRAN 13 oz. 
GRANOLA 
■ 6 9 ' 

CEREAL 
YOU 
SAVE JQC 

OMN U P R O I M I*. I ATT 

UM H-OMI sat 

 rn 
J |1Sd*>W9P*Yl 

AC 
SM 
IM 
(» der supply) 
SSM 

I 'l o o s H i 

 m Matt ok capo. 

1oo% NATURAL 
CEREAL 77< 
* 13 OZ. 
YOU SAYE 23 

 u «n oar. U TM D n a ta. iW t 

COCOA BUTTER 
{CREME 
I!? $1» 
I SAVE SIC 
I 

I (W R C « ta, (ATT tHuAMT-OMl | 

•AtHARI A K COMA. 
{Party Mix 
Salted or 
Plain 9 OZ O Q ^ 
YOU SAVE o % T 
4oc 
I (W R C IM. M . (ATT 
[URn-OMl|Btefl^ 

WHOLEWHEAT 
FLOUR 

O R S U P R O rn. ta. u n nkiT^i 

•At MARI MC OMARI 
Toasted 
'heat mol 
Germ a you a 
SAVI IQC 
V 
O R R U P R O H R I*. FATT 

 t i l U R fl OMI I 

IS OL 
32 OZ. 

Famous Diet Formula 

 tbeA lliii-O R 
Esto, Lecithin, Cider 
Yinegar, Tit&min B-6 
Tablet. 

America's Most Wanted Formulation! 

1oo-M.W 
5oo-1.75 

•At MARI ac capo. 
VACUUM PACKED 
SUNFLOWER 
KERNELS you save 
14 OZ. 
SOC uRn ow. ut PRU Ha a ut; 
□□□□ IUSHS? 

H O D E L E T T S H E L P S C U R B Y O U R A P P E T I T E h E L P S Y O U D tost T H A T e t T R A H E I G H T • N O C A L O R I E C O U N T I N G ' 
_ . 
. N O E X E R C I S E S ' • N O S P E C I A L O lE T $ < 
Thanks lo a group a* Mew Tor* doctors y<Xi car* now lose pounds OL ugly la! without going on any spacial dial without cutting out any j| spacial foods 
□ 

HELPS INDUCE HUNGRY MOMENTS 
Thaaa Na* YO* doctor dRCOvMRj a tood adjuvant caSad MOOEL 
' 
□ ETTS 
Modal-atta does ramanubia tnmgs ll haipa you cut down r-i your caionc utaaa by a natural automatic curbing o* (ha appaiita and L J 
□ 

 of ma devra tor foods resulting RiiomahcaPy rn a laducad mtaka ol food 
□ Why 
□ Nutrition Square . 
. 
Chewable 
□ 

'Modw etta ' « aoaoualy sale It a a food adwvanT iwt a drug^So, n 
V ita m in e T a b le ts start today to shad moaa unwaniad pounds and mcnaa I* your cond 
»-» ar- w ith 
□ 

Son « ganduRr or argine aaa your doctor 
ModaiRtta may halp (— J vat slav on Iha d»t your doctor racommands Aaa turn about it 
L_J 
PNJ TU 181 

The doctors caratuly chaehad reauits and hart is what may found it mesas or 6 to 2o pounds without any * attacts whatsoever 
Model 
□ 

 tnt* u u tn 

 i w :ol ma man and woman who uaed 

Frurt-fiavored Chewable Natural 
VITAMINE 

Taste it and anioy the most daliciouaScompieie 

V ita m in C nutrition thai A ver matted in your mouth Q hu*"Nw. WJWV* UWM rnt> you "**« 
C *<**! «•» * pm i* w l» ^ w v v " a » CWI* your SM y »W yow MU* CW I ROH • U 
But »Wrout t so«c*« r^cWv O' VXWW C your ao<% CW I ">»*u __ 
•W a * w e* mw* (JAM foA*jr" i*» cw<wr n# ookP. I vnqi. CW ■" O* (may 
Scyncynw no. .moor 
IW"’* IO t»»ur* O'ailing ynougOVrHoxrC 
‘ ' 

 i r y r «•«•, Nu*"*»r V U * Im* ,* v i i w C 
( r w e 
'm n »r T W nr. < ’•m r*- V.|**r C «ypts sue" i J I 

• w iw M y IWQy •!.•» < IWV PW** <o«A 
IO .«•» O W <— I 
WVfWOy 
* 
|—| 

W »r»«.AuH»W <y»C»y<IM«*Wr*y W V>l»>o*nvS e W tN W or. L - J yyyw c 
Acwou Hem. m w yow 'r h on 
OW mr >» (Owng you ow « * . > * * trW 

 you alay on ma Oat your doctor recommends Aaa rwn about it 

2 MONTH tymg capacity at 1 to 
□ 
Dosed potatoes or 
□ 

 eggs or *> teen of wrote bread yet a con tams only 6 clones 

 i f c V 
S S only 

# J « , m 
5 5 .o o 
□□□ 

Acerola Berries. 

'n * "OCK* * •" < * » IWV or on. OI 

»•*, "V. mxnr or yr, Cry.) V-n-r fy«r 
• •«■*«« yay '« ay. aw . r' v«w» C ,att 
Valuable 
GNC 
Coupon 
| aHflHMHMH ^ r r . ___ 
OCH yr nature VWO C UC » AC I 4U"*W to ' no*, rroyrs vqu* vovruot O' . CW 'wouy UuV PO V 
.•wet «M* 
J 
* tov Ste*. Coy 
Afleoovr. 
_ 

□□ 
□□□ 

“ T 
S u c f i C f c 
•rSoysQjjv 

 tv. OZ 
TOU u n 3oc ii ijam rrm ii«ii.iii'ig » a g 

V IT A M IN ,* 
8 T 2 9 
B -12 a a l 

J ? L E C IT H IN ^1 ^ ' ’ 
F 
. ( GnaM M lo t. 
• 
L 

“ v n u m B - l f t l S c * 

IOO mg. T a W e to ^ ^ j 
^ 

— 
;-------- r n r n 
— 
45o mg. 
3 / * U V X » 
G IN SEN G ^ 
VANGARD 

U.S. expels Russian 

W ASHINGTON (A P ) 
— The State Department announced Saturday that it has ordered a Russian journalist to leave the 
United States. The move was made in response to the Soviet expulsion of an 
Associated Press corre­ spondent in Moscow. 
State Department spo­ kesman Frederick Z. 
Brown said the depart­ ment “ notified the Soviet 
Embassy today that 
Vladimir I. Alekseyev, a 
Washington correspon­ dent of tass, must leave the country within a week." 
George Krimsky of The 
Af* was given a week to leave the U.S.S R. after being accused of espion­ age activities and of violating Soviet currency regulations. 
First since ‘7o 
Krimsky was the first journalist to lie expelled from the Soviet Union since 197o, The AP and 
Krimsky rejected the charges and pointed out that Krimsky has report­ ed extensively on Soviet dissidents. 
“ We have specified that our expulsion of 
Alekseyev is in response to the Krim sky expul­ 

 sion. W'e regret this course of events, which is a step backward from the objective of improving working conditions for journalists contained in the Helsinki final act, and from the more fun­ damental interests of promoting a freer flow of information,” 
Brown said. 
Earlier Saturday, Sen­ ate 
M ajority 
Leader 
Robert C. Byrd, D-W.Va , referring to Krim sky’s expulsion, said: “ We ought to tell one of their people right away to start packing his bags. 
I believe in retaliation to this sort of thing.” 

White House Press 
Secretary Jody Powell said Saturday that Pre­ sident Carter had ap­ proved the State Depart­ ment order. 

In delivering the notice 
Friday to David Mason, 
AF* bureau chief in Mos­ cow. Valentin A. Khazov, deputy chief of the Fo­ reign M inistry Press 
Depa rt men t, re pea t ed charges that Krimsky is a U.S. intelligence agent and has been involved in illegal currency dealines. 
Job s eyed for 
365 criminals 

By LIZ SW EET 
Manpower Services expects to help approximately 
385 criminal offenders find jobs through counseling and job training programs this year. 
Sam Dominguez, Manpower director, told members of Citizens United For Rehabilitation of 
Errants (C U R E) Saturday offenders can receive help through the service’s Project Detour. 
The project, now in its second year, receives 
$127,ooo from the Criminal Justice Division and 
$127,ooo from the federal government’s Comprehen­ sive Educational Training Act (CETA). 
Dominguez told the small group meeting in the 
Fourth Street Inn the act would allow for offenders to be trained in the prisons before their release if the 
Texas Department of Corrections would agree to such a program. 
The director also pointed out that under the CETA act offenders as a group rank last on the priority list for the use of funds from the Department of Labor. 
The offenders follow handicapped or disabled and public service groups including veterans. 
CETA provides three centers in San Antonio which offer counseling and job training and referral for economically disadvantaged citizens. 
CURE is a volunteer group lobbying for prison and jail reform. 
Minnie Loera, Bexar County Chapter executive director, said the group wants to see programs implemented which will reduce the community’s financial burden and "will provide for citizen protec­ tion. 

Tibitti 

 ii A) is W »t tablet* 

 f l 648 mg. 
3/81o9o i i i G IN SEN G 

VANGARD 

D o l o m i t e T .7 

GEN ERA L 
N llTRITIC zj N UTRITIO N C E N T E R S 
U««Rtitir» LIMITED MURRY! 
Shop lh* GNC Start N r«rrii Y ow! * 

NOW THRU SATURDAY, FII, 12, 19771 
| 

• 51o I. H O U S T O N ST. 
M O * -U t 9-7, M f. ftJO-4, SUN M 

• MCCRELESS 
IM 

• SO . P A R K M A L I 

• C EN T RA L P A R K 
Patty IM 

• W IN D S O R P A R K tatty IM 

I atto rn amt n o tice 
• mmi* mmm tm* somm* turn **<1o tm **mm »•****• 
■ar* Ate w n—wte R» h», inturn m * m r n <mm m «»m> « «a»wir» to I*, te»R»<A 
Mail Orders Prom'pttylilled a ff 
Bong or Mari tea GNC Star* toted at left 
WTW fcncto—a a l 
PteHHnma»»Miom ** f ba* MOI 

 m o o t e r M A A * 
{HOM A A V , S a t e n c * 
T O T A L 

 off! W averly custom drapery fabrics 

How do your windows measure up? Hurry into Dillard s and make your selection from 
W averly's fabulous 
“Old 
Sturbridge" collection of custom drapery fabrics. 
Our decorators are available for free-in-home measuring and con­ sultation at no obligation. Let us customize your windows at jgrices^taH oi^ 
We Make House Calls for Free decorating cr-ti Atone* from our Customer Studio* coft; 
Central Pork, 341-5 LSC ext. 363 
Windsor Park, 6 5 4 -3 1 3 1 , mkt. 364 
• Curtains 
♦ Swags 
o Woven Wood* 
• Draperies 
♦ Cascades 
• Tie Bock* 
• Cornice* 
• Venetian blinds 
• Valances 
• Drapery Rod* 
• Bedspreads 
• Carpeting 

SHOP M O N. THRU SAT. IO ’TIL 9 Dillards 

 rara***** teOO«ao*O<ftaedtag TQTAil 

Apperil 

 c m 
. . . . . 
I t A U . 

APT MO ........ 

Carpeting and fabric can make or break a room. 
Choose now from Lees, Benzin and other famous names in carpet. And from hundreds and hundreds of colors and color combinations in drapery and upholstery fabric. Our interior designers will gladly advise and assist. And there's no additional charge for their service. Come in.. .or call for an appointment. 

(Jut JeccM hb Hie u/wny) a n u t a Me Ie awii/ fen al ne exh" ckaujv 

NEW ACCOUNTS IN VITED ! Initellm«nt F*Um — Extended Credit — National Credit 
Cards; Diners Dub, Carte Blanche, Master Charge, BankAmericerd. American Express. 

 t ^ O R T H S I D £ • R e c t o r S t . o p p o s i t e N S t a r M a ll 
• O p e n M o n & T h u r s til 9 * P h o n e 3 4 2 9411 

Jail escapee gives self up 

AUSTIN (AP) — A man who faces trial for a rape-murder next month gave himself up 
Saturday, less than ‘24 hours after walking out of the police station on the preterit of a visit to the men’s room. 
Police Sgt. James Beck said Lyle Brumrnet called him from a telephone booth in ;>ouin 
Austin. Beck picked him up and returned him to the city jail. 
“ I screwed ud. I'm in the habit of screwing up. I don’t know why.” Beck said Brumrnet told him. 
Brumrnet. 2o, walked out of police head­ quarters Friday during questioning. 
He is scheduled for trial March 7 for the rape and strangulation murder of Diane Roberts, 22, and on sexual abuse charges stemming from an attack on a fellow inmate of the Travis County 
Jail. 
Brumrnet also led officers in August to a grave containing the decomposed bodies of two missing teen-age girls in Kerr County. 
Dist. Atty. Joe Tuck said Brumrnet had agreed to testify against a companion, Allen 
Ladd Woody. Ii), in exchange for two life sen­ tences in the m urder cases pending against him. 
Woody goes on trial March 28 in Kerrville on 
^ charges he killed Mary Beth Pearson, 15. 
Queen to observe 

Dillard’s 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 9 7 7 
Page * 9-A 

 is brightening your February with 

$7o! save 
Action recliners by Lane 

 your choice 

Reg. $269 

 jubilee 

W e’ll provide the Action . . . you get all the rest 

 and put your feet up. Choose from our swivel 

 rocker model in brown Herculon" tweed or 

 you need. Sit back 

N EW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
LONDON — Twenty-five years ago, a shy young princess was spending the night protected from the jungle in a lodge built 35 feet up a giant fig tree. Princess Elizabeth and her husband, Prince Philip, were in 
Kenya at the start of the realm. 
But just before noon the next day, about a half hour after the word had been b ro ad cast nearly everywhere else, she was told of her 54-year-old father’s death 
She flew off from an a irp o rt that is b etter known today than it was then — Entebbe. 
Today, a more robust- looking, m a tro nly wo­ man of 5o celebrates her 
Silver Jubilee, and a year of festivities will be held in Britain m arking her accession to the throne the moment King George 
VI was found dead in his bed in Sandringham, the 
274-room country home where he was born 
Atmosphere 
The Jubilee will preoc­ cupy Britons much as the 
Bicentennial preoccupied 
A m ericans, with whis- tie-stop tours on the royal train, new stamps, new coins, bonfires and firew orks, stre e t fairs and rumm age sales, do­ cum entary movies, con­ c e rts and exhibitions, and the most hectic tra­ vel schedule that the queen has faced since she set out for Kenya in 1952. 
“ What a long way she has come since then, and how proud hor father would have been to see his daughter and her fa­ mily now .,” wrote the editor of the magazine 
W om en’s Realm. “ The 
Queen has always been an example, not only of dedication to duty, but of steadfast adherence to standards rare in today's world.” 
Sad time 
In many ways, the ju­ bilee is a sad time. Bri­ tain is poorer than ever, a country that has never really adjusted to the loss of nearly all its colonies. 
It is troubled by the prospects of bloodbath** in 
Rhodesia and of 
Northern Irish terrorism at home. 
T he constitution is under sc ru tin y , u n e m ­ ployment is higher than it has been for a genera­ tion, and the Soots xx ant home rule. New spaper columnists here compare 
Britain of 1977 with the 
Britain of 1952, and the com parisons are hum i­ liating. 
Like monarchy 
But it‘s a happy time, too. B ritons like the 
Queen, and they like her good-humored eldest son and heir to the throne. 
Prince Charles. They’re less sure of Prince Phi­ lip, because of his occa­ sional bluntness, and of 
Princess Anne, who can be sulky and surly and gets speeding tickets. 
Polls show that 88 per eenl of the country supports constitutional monarchs 
“ When one sees less fortunate countries with other form s of govern- m eat. one re a ltie s the stre n g th our country h a s ,” said 
Winston 
C hurchill, grandson of lh# prime minister who was at the airporI to meet the princess on her re ­ turn from Kenvu 

 a tive-month tour 

QUEEN ELIZABETH ll 

“ She sym bolizes the variety of the nation, all the stra n d s of our n a ­ tional life,” said C hur­ chill. a leading Conser­ vative member of parlia­ ment, 
“ She s done a wonder­ ful job sinee she’s been on the throne, and there s no doubt that most of the people want her there.” 
Powerless 
The queen is an all but powerless monarch. Only in extraordinary circum­ stances could she appoint a new prime m in iste r and thus re d ire c t go­ vernment policy. 
She is so m etim es resented for her wealth and privileges, which are far greater than those of most of the rem aining 
European monarchs. 
Her income is tax-ex­ empt. She has a govern­ m ent-financed staff of 
483, four castles, her own planes, her own railroad cars, and her own yacht. 
But the B ritish are doubtful about the alter­ natives. 
“ It is true that most presidents cost less than queens but they are also more of a nuisance,” The 
Guardian, a liberal daily, said Saturday. “ They have to be elected. They are usually white-haired, out of touch with their grandchildren, partisan and — politically speak- ing — ephemeral.” 
Money-makers 
British industry and 
British stores hope to cash in on the jubilee. 
G a rra d s, the 
Regent 
Street jeweler that holds the royal warrant allow- mg it to call itself the queen’s jeweler, is pro­ moting a 15-inch tall ju­ bilee clock for $1,7oo 
Other stores are awash with jubilee coffee mugs, plates, special-edttion silver and sim ilar sou­ venirs, 
At least 25 countries are issuing stam ps ob­ serving either the acces­ sion or the coronation, in 
June 1953, which will be observed with little of the jubilee pageantry. The governm ent is m inting special coins, three to a customer 

Biggest day 
The biggest day of the year Will be June 7, when the queen and Brince 
Philip will ride to St, 
P a u l’s C ath ed ral for a 
Thanksgiving service 

 our brown vinyl wall saver that needs only 

3 ” wall clearance. 

Furniture 

 now save 61.95 
Magnavox color TV 

Rag. 629.93 $568 

 save *2o on 
Radarange by Amana! 

579.95 

Reg. 599.95 

Revolutionize your cooking habits with an 
Amana Touchmatic Radarange featuring 
Cookmatic Power shift! You do the program­ ming, it does the rest . . . including defrost­ ing and warming. Receive a free cook kit with the purchase of this Radarange. 

Magnavox 2 5 ” diagonal color TV, housed in Mediter- ranean styled console, features 1oo% modular solid state chassis, super bright picture tube, automatic tine tuning, efficient 6 x 1 4 ” speakers and automatic color leveling. 

Televisions 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9i CENTRAL PARK, W INDSOR PARK, MILITARY PLAZA 

M I C R O W A V E 

 save *31! Maytag deluxe washer 

Reg. 329.95 

Enjoy Maytag performance and quality when you pur­ 

 chase this deluxe washer with three water level and tem­ 

 perature selections . . . power fin agitator, lint filter and 

 fabric softener dispenser, permanent press cycle. 

Appliances 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Manges claims; 
C denies 

C ontinued from Page IA 

 quitios in his far-flung enterprises, he alleged; 
• Persons unknown led officers of 
Ins San Antonio bank to suspect an extensive wire tapping campaign, ac­ cording to Manges; 
• 
Authorities schemed, he said, to plant narcotics on his ranch in an at­ tempt to further erode his sell'-pro- fessed South Texas power base; 
• The Texas Attorney General’s of­ fice pressured grand .juries into three 
“ rotten and ridiculous’' crim inal in­ dictments against him, he asserted; 
• Stati* and federal officials dried up many of his once liquid money sources, he insisted. 
Perhaps most astonishing. Manges 

 f How the hell do you steal a man's services?' 

 contends it was fo rm er Gov. John 
Connally who inspired the conspira­ torial, buckshot attack 
Why, one might logically ask, is a naval fleet needed to sink a noisy gunboat? 
“ I t ’ s just the same old th in g .” 
Manges repeated. “ Breaking up the political power in South Texas. They got the Carrillos and the Parrs and now they want my hide. . . 
“Connally knows you can’t win Tex­ as without carrying South Texas, lie 

 knows I can swing the vote down here. 
We carried South Texas for Jim m y 
Carter and that also made Connally mad. 
“ lie ’s after m e.” 

Connally refused to talk with re ­ porters who repeatedly called his 
Houston office asking for comment on the Manges allegations. Through a spokesman 
Connally dism issed 
Manges’ story as “ utterly ridiculous.’’ 
And m any 
South 
Texans say 

Manges’ self-professed power is most­ ly an illusion. 
A probe by the Associated Press into 
Manges’ tangled affairs produced little hard evidence linking Connally to the stormy South Texan. 
Traces 

However, anyone tiptoeing through 
Texas banking, financial or political circles stumbles not infrequently over 
Connall.v’s name, his footprints or his associates. 

South Texas is no exception. 
Former Texas Atty. Gen. Waggoner 
( arr, no stranger to politics, is one who views this predom inantly Mexi- can-American region as a world unto itself. 

W e st Set 
Sights Spring 
In Lineny Nauticals 

"SPRING CRUISE WEAR COLLECTION" 

Runway Fashion Show 
February 19, 1977 
Saturday 1:oo PM 
Grand Court— Wonderland. 

Carter remark upsets oilm en 

HOUSTON (A P) - Oil operators are a little up­ set that President Carter questioned their honesty in his fireside chat last week. 

They d id n 't like it when C arter rem arked that the oil and gas com panies 
“ m ust be honest with the people about their reserves and profits.” 

Michael T . Halboutv, an independent operator and in te rn a tio n a lly known geologist, said the 
C a rte r com m ent 
“ shocked me, both as an oilman and a citizen.” 

Implication 

“ This is an implication there are a bunch of liars and thieves in the oil in­ dustry,” Halbouty kaid. 
Halbouty said the na­ tion would not be as great as it is if it were not for the oil industry. 
R obert R. 
H e rrin g , chairman of Houston Na­ tural Gas Corp., said that company’s reserves posi­ tion is reflected in its annual reports. 

“ O ur com pany has used every physical and legal resource to help meet gas requirements,” 
Herring said. 
H erring said Houston 
N atu ral’s intrastate gas p ip elin e subsidiary is selling 3 m illio n cubic feet of gas to the Colum­ bia Gas System, Trans­ continental Gas Pipe 
Line Corp., and United 
Gas Pipeline Co. to help relieve shortages along the interstate systems. 
Deliverability 

“ We are able to do so not because of any unu­ sual backup but because of the large deliverability of our Ham m el storage field,” he said. 

Gas is purchased by 
Houston Natural during periods of low demand and stored in the field northwest of Houston for use in peak periods. 

“ I ll guarantee that th ere is not one deve­ loped source of natural gas. unless it came in the last three days, that is not going to the m a r­ kets,” Herring said. 

“ Manges is a man who feeds the image of secrecy and power and, being a product of South Texas, he’s ob­ viously very successful at it,’’ C arr said. 
“ The tem peram ent of the people down there is such that when you re­ move one of their leaders, they’re go­ ing to find another one . . . You may change faces, but you are not going to change those people down there,” said 
Carr. 
Understands 

In response to a question, ( arr also said: “ If there’s a man in the world who understands South Texas politics better than John Connally, I don’t know who it would be. He w as a master at it.” 
Published reports suggest Connal- ly’s path into the GOP hierarchy was partially paved with promises of deli­ vering South Texas into the Republi­ can fold. 
“ John’s a very effective campaigner down there because he understands their politics,” Carr noted wryly. “ But you’re not going to turn those people into Republicans overnight.” 
Carr said Manges was not among his targets while Carr was attorney gen­ eral but he acknow ledged that the po­ tential for abuse of power bs not un­ common in an office such as the one 
Carr held. 
“ The danger is, once the top man tells his subordinates to go down and look into a certain matter, they may go in w earing th e ir w hite hats and swinging the w hip,” he said. “ They wield that power with a bloody bucket because they are convinced they are right, either because of ambition or just youthful inexperience.” 
Indictments 

The bloody bucket, says Manges, is swinging his way. He pointed to three 
“ trumped up” crim inal indictments against him as evidence. 
Furthermore, he contends the clos­ ing of his bank in Rio Grande City last 
November was politically motivated, as is the continuing pressure on his 
Groos Bank at San Antonio. 
Of the “ theft of service” indictment, he said “ John Hill is an old running mate of Connally's and 
_ he’s trying to ride this into the governor’s man sion.” 
H ill’s political ambi­ tions are no secret, but the attorney gen­ eral countered: “ This probably comes as a 
■— ■ shock to M r. Manges, but I don’t ever know him. As for some kind of ven­ detta, that is absolutely, totaly false — a figment of his imagination. 
" I can categorically say we have never undertaken action against a person because of his p o litical a l­ liance.” 
There is no evidence that H ill’s office initiated the theft of service indictment against Manges. 
Check 
However, Manges argues and w it­ nesses concur, the worthless $57,o(1o check around which the case revolves was issued with an understanding it would not be cashed until funds in Rio 
Grande City in the name of a Swiss broker were released to Manges. 
In the so-called “ hog poaching caper,” even highly respected state 
District Court Judge D arrell Hester seems sym pathetic to Manges’ c ir­ cumstances. 
“ There was evidence of malice in those in d ictm en ts,’ ’ the H arlingen jurist said. “ It was a little peculiar that Manges was indicted.” 
As pieced together from various 

M a n g e s d u rin g public appearance r a r e 

 sources, this is w hat happened. 
Manges’ men caught two poachers last year pulling a hog under a fence. They conducted what might be construed as a heavy-handed citizens arrest. 
“ They pleaded guilty of poaching and then went before a grand jury and 
I — not them — was indicted for im ­ personating an officer and assault with a deadly weapon.’ said Manges. “ I wasn’t even there when they were caught.” 

‘Disgusted’ 
Judge Hester, admittedly “ disgust­ ed” by the whole affair, subsequently dismissed the indictments. But, unlike 
Manges, Hester recalls no involvement by the attorney general’s office in the matter. 
Manges assailed the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corp. and the state banking department for closing his Rio Grande 
City bank, claiming Connally-initiated political pressures had been brought to bear. 
“ My bank in Rio Grande City was sound,” he said. “ If they can close that bank, they can close any bank in the country. 
“ They just stole that bank from me.” he claimed. 
Manges’ initial banking battles be- 

"They ju st stole that bank front m e Manges insists 

 gall in 1971 when he purchased con­ trolling interest in the Groos National 
Bank of San Antonio in a manner as secretive and low-key as the man himself. 
San Antonio bankers, rallying be­ hind the respected Groos family, tried to abort the takeover. 
Then Comptroller of Currency W il­ liam B. Camp ruled that Manges was unfit to hold office in his bank or serve as a director because of a 1963 felony conviction involving a $2,5oo Sm all 
Business A dm inistration SBA loan. 
Manges was a struggling cotton gin operator in R aym ondville when he made the SBA loan. 
The situation changed dramatically in March 1973 when the Fifth Circuit 
Court of Appeals ruled in favor of 
Manges. 

Groos directors and officers — some known Connally associates — hurriedly scribbled resignations on scraps of paper with realization that the bank had fallen under Manges’ control. 
“ That was the day Clinton began d e a n in g house.“ noted one bank insider. 
GIVE Pearls 
WITH LOVE 
6 

W.J. Bowen, president of Transco Companies 
Inc., said the interstate pip elin e system s are 
“ completely regulated” by the F ed eral Pow er 
Commission. 

“ The 
FFC knows where every penny is,” 
Bowen said. 
Curtailment 

Classy naturals of polyester/linen that stay 

 shipshape on land or sea. Navy/white or 

 gold/white, sizes 6 to 16. Left: long sleeve 

 pull over top with braid trim, 22.oo Fashion 

 pant with braid waist trim and side stripe 

 for slender lines, 24,oo 

Right: Sailor collar tunic top with braid 

 trim, belted, 32.oo Sleevel ess stripe 

 turtleneck shell, 13.oo Basic pull on 

 pant, 19.oo Moderate Sportswear 

2oo8 N.W, MILITARY HWY. 
CASTLE HILLS 344-83o6 
32o2 BROADWAY 828-6l l 6 
WINDSOR PARK 654-1871 

(Lipper Level) 

Transects transcontin­ ental gas pipe line is operating under a 44 per cent c u rta ilm e n t pro­ gram because of supply shortages. 

“ No gas is being hid­ den,” Bowen said. 

Bowen said the Ameri­ can Gas Association and the Federal Energy Ad­ ministration made inde­ pendent surveys of na­ tu ral gas reserves and reported “ essentially the same numbers ” 

In W ashington. A V . ones J r., the A lbany, ex., president of the 
IHM), nm rn ber Indepen- ent Petroleum Associa* on of America, said it as unfortunate Carter felt ca I Us I upon lo cast irther doubt on the bon­ ity” of I hi- industry 

Jones said he hopes arter will have an early 
•inference with oil and as producers “ to e \a line the facts and dispel ll V iii iii t il is 

FINI JEWELRY 

ONA* 14AMONP CUBI 

C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N f O L M f # 
« W 
C O U P O N 
( 
o 
1 
? 
{ f m 
C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N f O L O { * * * * 
C O U P O N 
C O U P O N 

I SOI IL1 AD 

A N P I D R O 

AT K O R I S 

LADIES’ & TEENS’ SPRING SHOE SALE! 
I FAMOUS NAME VALENTINE GIFTS! 

A l f 
T MW l l 
S t o u t V 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

$6 TUVACHE 
I j SUMATRA SPRAY Co1oGNI J 

 j Z Z . * 1 1 *| 
I 
Limit I. 
■ 

Our Usual 31 8 
1oo% POLYESTER THREAD 
American Thread's 

Our Usual $1.59 
LADIES’ & TEENS* BRAS 
■ Irregular*. White. 
J Plain and padded 
_ 
^ 
I cup*. 
Stretch J r ‘% « « fj* 
I strap*. 
Size* 32 
M 
' 
| to 38 in A and 8 
B 
■ cup*, limit 3. m 
9ooo MONDAY M M U ABT 7 ( I - N ) 

 t* $7. Seem VALL 
J I 
I 
UW t I. 
I 
I TICKETED $3....... 
■ 
OOO© MONDAY. FtM U ABY 7 (i-N) 

225 y 
Limit 12. 

Our Usual 998 
FRUIT OF THE LOOM 
KNITTING YARN 
I 8 p ly 1oo% a c r y lic . 
! 
3VS ox. and 4 o x . 
# 
J skein*. 
White, W 
% 
I black, and colors, rn j 
| 
Limit 12. 
W M 

Our Usual 798 
MEN’S TUBE SOCKS 

I Irregulars. 
Whits 
I with strips top. 
R * J 
I Sizes 9V*-15. limit 
I 

Ladies’ and Girls’ 
FASHION KNIT TOPS 

Our Usual $1.89 
Ladies’ Cushioned Soft 
COMFORT SLIPPERS 
Selected 
FT. SAM H O U S T O N ’S Lt. 
Col. Gerald C. liepert has the distinction of being the only 
Arm y 
N ational 
Guard officer nationwide selected to attend the 
N ational W ar C olleg e 
1o-month course starting in August. He was select­ ed by the National Guard 
Bureau. 
Docks probe aiming at top 

CREPE OR PONTE STITCH 
6o” Dacron Double Knits $1 29 
2 & 3-pc. Skirt Sets & Pant Suits, 
Dresses, Jumpsuits, Jumpers & 
Beautiful new Spring shades rn ever popular easy care Dacron double knit, fu ll bolts, first quality. 

New Spring irregulars made to sell for $23 to $3o. Sizes 
5-13, 6-18, and 14Va-24Vz. Not all items in all sizes. 
TICKETED $13........... 
45” MALIBU 
Seersucker Prints 
Popular seersucker in a wide selection of small neat patterns in 
Spring colorings. Lengths to 1o yds. 

6o” Solid Color 

Linen Weave 

45” Patio Print Decorator Cottons 
Childrens' patterns and novelty decorator Ar rn prints. 
For drapes, curtains, bedspreads. 
Lengths to 5 yds. w# WB 

6o” Dacron Double Knit Prints 
$ | < 
Beautiful Spring shades and colorings to enlighten your 
I w ardrobe A good selection from w hich to choose from . 
■ 

A ll full bolts of a fam ous brand, stub textured linen weave sold elsewhere to $3 9 5 yd. C o m ­ plete range of fashion Spring shades Polyester blend 

OUR USUAL $4.95 TD. 
54” Upholstery Velours 

Rich elegant upholstery velour in a wide selection o f decorator patterns and colors. AM full bolts, o f values to 
$12 95 yd. 

FAMOUS MAKERS9 
Fashion fonts, Jeans, 
Gauchos, and Skirts 

New irregulars made to *«H for $15 £ (o% to $24. Si zee 5 15, and 6-16 w rn 
^ 
TICKETED $8 TO $ 1 2 ............. 
‘• ■ O f t 

OUR USUAL $1 YD. 
Luxury Antique Satin 

Irregulars of values to $8. Sizes 4-14, 6-14 

TICKETED 
$3 AND $4 

OUR USUAL 884 YD . 
Assorted Drapery Fabrics 

Bolt ends and sample room lengths from fam ous N ew 
York decorator. Scores of patterns an d colors. V alues to S 3 9 5 yd. 45 wide. 

FAMOUS MAKERS* 
Better Shirts and Tops 
New shipments arriving daily. Cotton knit t-l|>ps, muslin and gauze shirts, print blouses, tunic styles. 
Many more. Irregulars made to sell for $ 13 to 
$22. Sizes S.M.L. and 38-44 

TICKETED 
* 4 7 9 - $ 
5 
7 4 - $ 6 6 * 

Girls’ Spring Pants $ Jeans 

Irregulars and B rit quality af values to $1o 
Sizes 4-14. 
| 

TICKETED 
$ o 2 5 n $ 4 1 6 
$3 ANO $ 5 .......... 
A 
o 
“ 
NEW SHIPMENT! #1 FAMOUS MAKER! MEN'S 
Short Sleeve Dress Shirts 
Teens’ Pre-Washed Denim 
Jeans & Skirts 

Irregulars made to sell to $ I 2. Sizes 6-14. 

JEANS 
$ 4 9 o SKIRTS 
$ o 8 $ 

T K K fT fD S A . . . 
" t 
TIC IETIO S S . . . 
* * 

^IRREGULARS.. .PRETICKFTED TO $17 
-lf Long point c o t t a r styles Choice of solids, f j stripes, and prints. Select from European 
J sty ie and M i cut. Polyester / cotton and 
1oo% Q iana. Sizes 14*4-17. 

New Spring Blazers and Shirt Jackets 

521 Six** A-18. name si* amb si s. ii l f Men’s Short Sleeve Knit Shirts 

 furl quality Pullout uewneck arid codon 
; Sin soil*, and pattern Cloop im ludo* 
o nee Rugby look mtti broadcloth todor ow! R I G . 
$ 
7 
2 
3 
E L G . 
$ 
£ 
3 
4 
H G . 
ST.98 .. / 
S5.98 .. J 
$4.9 
Spring Lounge Floats 
Irregulars nfvoices to $24. Long £ 
_ lengths 
Prints and solids, % M L 
Acetate/nylon 
Zip end button fronts. Sizes S.M.L. 

Infants’ 
Spring 
Diaper Sets 

Irregular* and tin t quality 
O u r usual $7 9 8 ond 55 9 8 
Long point collar* rn full cut or tapered body 
Bier je d polye*ter / cotton no- iron *tripe*, print*, volid*, ond pattern*, lig h t medium and dork color tone* S ue* S M I.X I. 

Irregular* o f value* to 
$ 7 .9 8 . Polyester / cotton 
Pottel color*. Two pre ce 
*tyle* for boy ond girl*. 
Size* 12 to 24 month* 
Ladies’ Spring Dusters 

Irregulars of values to 
$15. ^ 
^ 
Polyester/cotton. Short lengths. j T £ 
Pockets 
Gripper fronts. Pastel prints. Sizes S M L XL. 
STUDENTS’ AND BOYS’ 
FAMOUS MAKERS’ 

Blue Jean Flares 
Inegulor* o f value* to $ 1 3 .5 o . Authentic wetter** yoke bock (eon styling N e w no -too I* 
1 oo% 14 ox phi* cotton denim w ill not wrinkle. Shrink resistant Reinforced at point* of strain. 
STUDENTS’ 
$ o 9 8 
SIZES 2 S -3 o ........... 
O 

BOYS’ 
$ T 4 9 
SIZES 6 -1 4 ............... 
/ 

Toddlers 
First quality 
O u r usual $ 1 9 8 
Mea* engineered stripe* rn polyester cotton n a iron blen d and stent­ or m at pattern* 
1oo% polyester frorn fam ous 
Coliform© moke*. Ad top cento' .abody Bt 
Sixes 
S M L XI 
Irregulars of value* to 
$7 
Ny ion 
I and short gown* 
Pr*nt* and vo**di Lac# trimmed 
Size* S a i l . 
Toddlers’ Pants 
Irrogulars. 
Polyester / cotton 
Som e corduroy*. Print* and solids Rugged ploy w ear for boys and gels. Sixes 2 to 4. 
Girls’ Gowns & Baby Dolls 

NO MORI PANTIES 

NO MOM PANTY UNIS 

HIW SHIPMENT 

FAMOUS BRAND 
^Panty Plus Hose 

I M tM U tfb . ABV. ON TV FOR $ 1 9 $ 
Eeigetone* or sun­ tan with assorted rn + pantie* AB or C O l l 
A . I lik e 
W earing f l Q 
N othing at AN ’ 
WW 
7.5o Tuvocke 

S p e cio i 
$11 Noroli 
Spray Cologne 

M 
M 
M 
, 
$ o 9 8 

FAMOUS DEPT STOW MAMO 
Support Panty Hose 

Seconds of values to 
$3 9 5 . 
Beigetones, w hile, and others 
MF 4 
P A T XT 
15% 
.p a n 
X 
H 
* des/85% nylon 
W e # 

★ Sandals and Wedges 

M ostly Rrsl quality e t values k l $ 2 o . W h ee. bone TICKETED 

I.. 
ENNO 
T v 
RFdPfc dRaHk 
Ticjly, Spain, m d fe w * . %ftm $ Im IO f # TO f 7 
’8 Jungle Gardenia Spray Cologne 

IO Royal Secret Cologne 
All Unit Panty Hose 
*9 MaGriffe Carven Eau de Toilette 

*2.75 Helena Rubinstein Skin dDew 

Page 
I 2-A 
Son Antonio EXPRE S S - N E W S — 
S unday Feb 6 1 9 7 7 
BERNAL 

Continued from Page LA 

 secretary of Agriculture for rural de­ velopment and Jose Aragon of Califor­ nia as an ombudsman for domestic affairs in the White House. 
It appears that Aragon may take over as head of the Community Ser­ vices Administration if it is retained in its present form. 
Bernal said that he conferred with 
Miss Martinez shortly before leaving 
Washington and discussed possible appointments in HEW. 
He said she was concerned with gaining “ parity" in appointments for women, blacks and Hispanics. 
Bernal said that the discussions he and ll. S Hep. Bob Krueger have held with Secretary of State Cyrus Vance indicate there are good possibilities for 
Hispanic appointments in a number of 
Latin American countries, though at least HO per cent of am bassadorial posts will be filled by career foreign sen ice appointees. 

T here are good p ossibilities for 
Hispanic appointments in the Com­ merce Department where Secretary 
Hay Marshall is inst taking charge, he said 

Bernal said the appointment process will cover some 8,ooo Schedule C jobs throughout the U. S. and probably only 
IOO of these have already been filled. 
The committeeman reported that (iii 
Pompa, a former Bexar County assis­ tant district attorney who has been heading the Com m unity Relations 
Service, is a strong candidate for de­ puty commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service. 

He said John Castillo, an assistant to 
Mayor Fred Hofheinz of Houston, may end up as an assistant secretary of labor. Hick Hernandez of Houston, who worked in both the Carter campaign and transition, may well be named to a top post in the Small Business Admin­ istration, he said. 

Sick pay fight not over 

JOE BERNAL 

Continued from Page IA matched public opinion and ask the legislature to pass that bill. 
The bill to be picked by Lombardino from the four apparently will aim for a simple rescission of the 1975 law and restoration of the 9o day ceiling on sick pay accumulations. 
9o-day 
“ I’m just going for the 9o-day limit, unless testimony out of the hearing indicates oth erw ise,’’ Lom bardino said. 
“ Hopefully, the testimony will help clear up the weird figures coming out of City Hall on the amount they would be paid out under the present system." 
Lombardino said. 
City Atty. P a rk e r said he d id n ’t know what impact repeal would have on the city because he d idn ’t know what direction the legislature would take with a repeal bill. 
“ If they adopt the view that the 1975 bill was unconstitutional to begin with. 
Contenders angle for U.S. job 

By BILL MINTZ 
Since 
J im my 
Carter was elected last November, Joe 
Hernandez and War­ ren Weir of San An­ tonio and 
Jam ie 
Hovel of Kl Paso have 

HERFF TRAVE!. 
Present} 

Japan & Korea 

IJ Day lour, deports Son Antonio 
MorrH 
?8, 
1977 vin regularly scheduled airlines 

Includes: 
• Deluxe hotels throughout 
• All transfers * All sightseeing 
• Airfare • Fully escorted. 

Departing A Returning San 
Antonio. 

Spore limited to 2o persons 

$1899 per person 

Dr (orlo Zamie, noted Trinity Univ. professor will lecture entire tour on ort treasures 

 for reservations and information pleose conine 
Herff Travel, 7o6 Milom Bldg 
Son Antonio, TX 782o5 
(S12) 226 4331 

 been jockeying for tin* IL S. attorney’s post here. 
But the situation is cloudier now than it was last fall with different signals com ing from three different d ire c ­ tions. 
Even incumbent John 
E. C lark, a Ford a p ­ pointee, is hack in the picture. One of his assis­ tants. 1o-year veteran 
Jeremiah Handy, is also thought to be a con­ tender. 
U.S. Sen. Lloyd Bent- sen figures lit' is in the drivers’s seat since lie is the Democratic senator from the state. 
But Gov. Dolph Briscoe has gotten into the pic­ ture1. He has written the' 
President recommending 
State Hep Hernandez. 
B entscn spokesm an 
Jack 
Devore said the senator has not yet re­ ceived the letter. 
Hernandez also has the hacking of many Mexi- can-Ameriean groups in 

CLARK the m assive W estern 
District of Texas, which stretches from Waco to 
Del Rio and San Antonio to Kl Paso. 
New system 
I 
S. Atty. Gen Griffin 
Bell and (’arter himself have both mentioned a new system of appoint­ ment for federal prose­ cutors and judges. It is based, they said, oil mer­ it. 
Criteria for .1 merit appointment have not 

HERNANDEZ been disclosed. 
But, the Justice De­ partment reports, there has not been a mass exo­ dus from the ranks of the1 
94 U.S. attorneys. 
( lark is still in office and he has stopped com­ m enting on his future. 
Im m ediately afte r the election, lie said he serves at tilt1 pleasure of the President and would submit his resignation 
He won't say he is a candidate to stay on. like his young eouterpart in 

Texas’ Northern District, 
Michael Carnes, who is just 21 years old. 
“The senator sees it as his responsibility to make a recommendation to the P re s id e n t,’’ De­ vore said 
Touching base 
“ He will be touching base with a large number of Texans, but he expects to have a great deal to say in appointm ents which re q u ire Senate confirmation,” he added. 
B riscoe aide George 
Corance said, “ Neither 
Gov. Briscoe nor Sen. 
Benison needs to go through the other to make recommendations to Jimmy Carter.” 
Corance pointed out 
President Kennedy con­ sulted with Vice P re si­ dent Lyndon Johnson about patronage matters even though Ralph Yar­ borough was the state’s 
Democratic senator. 
“ And President John­ son consulted with Gov. 
John Connally,” he ad- 

Pre-Inventory 
CLEARANCE 
SALE 
Polaroid Cameras 

Polaroid Super-Shooter 

The electric eye, 

 electronic shutter 

 and Polacolor ll Film 

 give you great 

 pictures in minutes. 

Focus and Shoot. 

Polaroid Pronto 
$4588 

Uses the new brilliant 

SX-7o film that develops 

 outside the 

 camera. Electric Eye, 

Electronic Shutter. 

F o cu s from infinity down 

 to 3 feot! 

CLEARANCE 
PRICED 

Polaroid SX-7o Cameras 

SX-7o MODEL 2 
Clearance priced . . . . 
$114.88 SX-7o MODEL 3 

Clearance priced 

9 Convenient Locations to Serve You 

Call 226-631 1 For Store Nearest You 

S i SBH!© 
*OX PHOTO 
® m m 

H BI 

(led. 
He said there is no pa­ tronage battle and that 
B entsen, Briscoe and 
( a r t e r all have close working relationships. 
Ju stic e D epartm ent spokesman Robert Havel admitted any m erit se­ lection plan would begin only after negotiations on 
Capitol Hill with Bentsen and other senators. 
Silence 
“ T here has been no formal presentation of a so-called merit selection plan,” Devore said. 
“ It might end up caus­ ing more problems than it solves. For the most p art, highly qualified individuals are serving now in Texas,” he said. 
Weir is well-connected politically and has been actively seeking the of­ fice since last fall. lh' is a veteran of the federal prosecutor’s of­ fice here and the Justice 
Department iii Washing­ ton. 
Boyd is a U.S. Magis­ trate in El Paso and also has prosecuting exper­ ience at both the state and federal levels in El 
Paso. 
H ernandez said he considers the job a poli­ tical post. 
Canales 

Many o b serv ers are predicting 
Corpus 
C hristi attorney Tony 
Canales will be named 
U.S. A ttorney in the 
Southern District. 
H ernandez d o esn ’t think selection of a 
Mexican-American there will hurt his chances. 
‘I will not accept a bone if it is thrown to mc by C arter or anybody else," Hernandez said. 

“ If I c a n ’t get it for what I have done for the party and for what I have done as an attorney, I don’t want it." he said. 

Weir reportedly has the support of several m em bers of the Texas delegation in the U.S. 
House. 

Priorities 
MOSCOW (AP) - De­ spite President Carter’s insistence that his first priority in foreign rela­ tions will I m * with Amer­ ica’s “ natural allies,’’ 
Jzvestia said Saturday that “the security of the 
United States depends first of all on its relations with the Soviet Union.” 

 then any paym ents would be nulli­ fied.” he said. 
“ But if they simply repeal the bill to restrict future payments, then we will have to look at how the existing pay­ ment rights police and firemen have can or can’t be altered.” said Parker. 
Lombardino said he didn t believe it* would be constitutional to take away sick leave benefits already given to policemen and fire fighters under 1975 law. 
Retention 

But he said he didn't plan to insert a 
“grandfather clause” in the repeal bill to retain sick leave benefits given in the present law. 
Lom bardino said he decided to sponsor a repeal law after a survey he paid the San Antonio Light to publish indicated about 52 per cent of the 1,463 respondents were against the present law. 
He released results of the survey to the Light late Friday but remained unavailable to the Express-News and other representatives of the news me­ dia Friday night despite repeated at­ tempts to contact him for results of the poll. 
Lombardino said he spent more than 
$8,ooo on his survey, which was limited to Light subscribers in his district. 
In order to help Lombardino learn the feelings of citizens from through­ out the city, all of whom must pay for the sick leave benefits through city taxes, the Express-News conducted a separate, citywide survey at no cost to 
’ the senator. 
More than 1o,ooo envelopes contain­ ing ballots had been received and turned over to the independent audit­ ing firm of Alexander Grant & Co. as of 
.Friday and an estimated 2,ooo more were forwarded to tin' firm Saturday. 

Tabulating 
Those received Monday will also he forwarded to the auditing firm, which is opening the envelopes and tabulat­ ing results. Only ballots postmarked before the Friday midnight deadline will be counted. Facsimile ballots will not be tabulated to help limit the re­ sponses to individuals and not organ­ ized groups. 
Results of the Express-News survey will be made available to Lombardino and members of the City Council and published in the E xpress and The 
News. The ballots will be available to any member of the City Council who might wish to verify the results. 
“ I said I would abide by the will of the people and they told me what they wanted. I was waiting for some de­ cision from city leaders, but I acted without it when they d id n ’t com e through.” Lombardino said Saturday. 
“ There has been nothing presented to me in the way of facts that contra­ dicts my belief the present law will save the taxpayers money. 
“The hilarious thing is that the City of Houston, which is under the same act. does not want the act repealed because they feel it saves them mon­ ey." Lombardino insisted. 
Mayor Pro Tem Henry Cisneros said 
L o m bard in o’s action will help in troublesome aspects of the law. 
"We must now deal with the issue, not emotionally, but with the soundest of economic rationale. 

“ This will move the issue toward accord with private sector and federal service employes. The present law exceeds what other people in San An­ tonio receive, and in doing so. the po­ lice and firemen benefit at their ex­ pense,” Cisneros said. 
Cisneros added the city must now work cooperatively on constructive al­ ternatives, not only for police and firemen, but for all city employes. 
The unlimited sick leave law- covers only some 2,2oo policemen and fire fighters. 
It does not cover the remaining 3,8oo city employes. 
Councilman Phil Pyndus, a long­ time foe of the present law, said, “ I’m delighted to hear about repeal action. 
“When yoir’re a lone voice and get no help from other elected officials, it’s rewarding to be supported by the peo­ ple when their voice is finally heard," he said. 
Pyndus said he would accept nothing more than reversal to the old 9o-day limit and would follow through on the issue until it is cleared up. 
“ I’m disappointed in tho majority of 
City Council,” he said. “ I didn’t get any support from them on this issue. 
“ I intend to testify at the hearings in 
Austin and I'm going to ask city fin­ ance and personnel directors to also testify so we can get this issue cleared up,” he promised. 

They’re not bothered 

Ihe average policeman on the street didn’t seem too troubled 
S a tu rd a y by p o s s ib le r e p e a l action on the bill which provides them payment for an unlimited amount of accumulated sick pay on retirement. 

While city lea d ers pondered the m eaning behind State Sell. 
Frank Lombardino’s decision to seek repeal of the 1975 law auth­ orizing payment for all sick pay, the officers it affects took it in stride. 

Patrolman AI Padillo. a veter­ an of n in e y e a r s , s a id , “ It doesn’t make any difference to me. Lombardino is doing what he thinks best. 

“ We put him in office and w h atever he does is fine with m e.” 

Traffic Service Bet. Jim Bunn said, “ I think it would be fair to the city and all involved if accu­ mulated sick leave was limited to 12o days.” 

Other officers at police head­ quarters, who did not wish to be n am ed, said they doubted the accu racy of budget figu res on sick leave payment given by the city. 

They said they felt the true fi- j gures have been hidden or blown out of proportion when released j bv city officials. 
Ni— 
... 
■■ 
-** 
AIRMEN 

( ontinued from Page LA guest,” the clerk said. 
"From what I gather is the girls set up shop and trade off with all the boys," he said. 
Another hotel employe said there may be as many as 2o to 35 Middle 
Fast trainees registered on weekends at the hotel where hi' is employed. home police officers have expressed a reluctance to make any arrests involving the Middle Easterners. “ I am afraid I might do something that would create an international situa­ tion.” one veteran sergeant said. 

Uncooperative 

Others say the trainees are not coo­ perative with police, even when caught with prostitutes. 
"I think they are afraid they will lie returned home if they get into trou­ b le.’’ he said. “ I understand that would be disasterous for them." 

"These guys really go after the girls and one problem is they think any girl in a bar is a pro dilute.” the police sergeant said 
“ Also they cong regate at these places because they want to be among their own. They feel more at home that way," he said. 
Despres said Ills officers will con­ tinue to check the bars. He indicated they may be watching some of the ho­ tels. 
Gen. Treyz said Lackland is p re ­ sently working on a program which will better inform police about the 
Middle Easterners 
"We will have a five-part video tape program ready sometime in 
’May," he said. “ We hope it will be­ come a part of the Police ( adet Train­ ing Program,” he said. 
Gen, Treyz said in addition to warn­ ing the young men to stay away from prostitutes and tough bars, they are instructed to travel in pairs and to not carry more than $5o at a time. 
Airmen need an AMIGO 

Lackland AFB is looking for some “ ami­ gos*’ for its more than 2,2oo foreign stu­ dents. 
“ These young men, and 23 women, are stu­ dying the English lan ­ guage at the Defense 
Language Institute at 
Lackland and they need friends because their fa­ milies and friends are so far away,*’ said Brig. 
Gen Fred Treyz, com ­ m an der of Air Force 
Training Center at Lack­ land. 

He said the program 
Lackland is beginning is called AMIGO, an acron­ ym for 
A m erican 
Members of Internation­ al Goodwill to Others, 

“ T here are some 33 nations represented at the school and just think of the c u ltu ra l ex­ c h a n g e ,’* Gen. Treyz said 

* * It also would be an excellent way of saying welcome to our country, let us show you someth­ ing of ourselves and how 

 l h vy need friend* be­ cause their families are fa r a tray' 

 about you telling us about your country’,” he said. 

The general said ef­ forts will be m ade to have San Antonians in­ vite these men into their hom es, take them on picnics and sporting events. 

He said he will contact the local c h a m b e rs of com m erce and parent- teacher associations to seek their assistance. 

” V\e just want to send them home to th eir co un tries knowing 
America is great and so are its people,” he said an AMIGO can do so bv calling 781-2168, 

Sparkling 
Valentine! 
DIAM 

Make her happy! 

 if 
* J 
(mmmm 
J mar 
9 
RO A ir* 
C ertif 

Kin** ankara** 

M a Acc oui 
• Bank Am ar,c*<d 
Chan 
• D in e r, C lu b o Anc** 't a n t i p c a t 
• S M o p p ats C h arg e • C a d e B lanc! 

8 G R EA T STORES IN THE SAN ANTONIO A RE A ‘All 
( m i Houston, D ow ntow n • L*h Palmas Shopping Cantar 
• Pld/d T u n HI Sh o p p in g Cantar a B A S S I N M ilitary D tiyi a Northwest S hopping Canter aM cCithass Shopping Coy a Canted* Paik M all a W indsor Pack M all a S hop G o rd o n 's 
Coast to Coast 

 jlll 

MIN'S WRANGLES (IRREGS) 
BIG BEU BLUE JEANS 
1 o o % Cotton 14-oz. 
H 
V f l denim with Sonfor-Set 
C t 
Made to sell for $15, ^ B 
Ticketed $11.5o. Size 28 
Jgy to 42. 

U t Ovality M ode ta 
Sell for $9.o5, Flare J 

 i^ p F f ^ p 
TO© lf loops. Rod color only Q 
S im 34 to 38. l id , 
MIN $3.97. **» « w llTWril 
IMI— 
Be*. $13.79 

Is l Q uality O ur Regular Stock. C hoke of stylet, Jr. 
& M isse s' site s 9 / 1 o to 15/16. W ere Ticketed 
$1o .9 9 to $17 .99 

CMIdren's 
BOOTS 

Sizes 5 Hi-8 a n d 8 % 4 
MEN'S FAMOUS BRANDS 

B A J ET C t Y R D I M C 
I I I P 
T 
C 
Wv KSP I KBC IC S p i l l i f B SP 
O N HANGERS 
I Orality. Fashion knit* and woven* in natural ase v blue chambray, king sleeve*. Site* »-m-l. autor $8OS to $1 >,99. s s , t e n S S L $5 
IJT •» 
1 # 
IT*97 ...... 
M r 

BankAmericard 

 i^ p r _ of ladies' Fall dresses re- 
\ 
V S S duced far clearance All dies, styles, feth- 
I , tans and colors. 

H a h - s 4 . s 6 > $8 
LADIES' 
BLOUSES A MMT TOPS 
B V e l ' e w e a e V S I S i e B f i v r 
O r 

AM is# Quality let**# M I fashion, now reduced foe dear Otho. 
Many styles, color, pattern* to choose from. She* 
Wore 
Ticketed to $9.95 

Fam oi* levis* XX 1oo% cot 
Denim. O riginal J * dPMfr riveted blue jean. 
'Wj B 
Ticketed $12.7$ 
J m 

L a d ie s 
TH9KET 
PRICE 

All styles but not in each size. Assorted discontinued styles a n d IR 's V a lu e s to 
$5o.oo. _ 
__ 
___ 

1oo% cattan Senior Sot, 
Machine washable. Sold elsewhere at $14.oo. 
Size 12-2o. 

P e r m a n e n t P re ss 
P o ly /c o tto n b le n d 
M ach in e w ashable, 
Popular jean colors 
Sizes 8 to 18. 
CLEARANCE OF SIRLS' 
PANTS & FASHION JEANS 
Some sueded split loather, 
Fo*h>on hoot with st itch-! Ae design in natural or rust. Tick­ eted$19.99 and $24.99 
F L A R E 1 X 6 J E A N S 
Volo# to SS W (lf Perfect) 
. 
Perm anent Pros* Poly cotton 
Papular loan color* Size* 2 ta v a 
4. Ticketed $3.99 
A 

1oo% Cetten denim, brushed denim, or poly/cotton perma­ nent press, Popular seth! color*. Sizes 7 to 14. 
SJR ***** 
S B 
Ticketed 
*|R g.99h» 
^21 ta $7.99 oo toe •* so "IT- J; $9.95 *o OOO OO# o4* O# BIB 

L a d ie s ' 
F A S H IO N A N D D R E S S Y 
B O O T S 

V in yls a n d rubberized in black, tan a n d brow n w ith side zipper a n d felt inside. Sizes 5 to IO. Ticketed $6.97, 
V a lu e s to $ 19 .oo 

1 st Q u a lit y F u ll B o lt s 
BABY CORDS & CORDUROYS 
R EM N A N T S 

6 5 % Kodel Polyester 35 % £% B V combed cotton. 1oo% Cot- Jpfi rn ton, Ticketed $1.19 to $1.69 
Iii# ar 

Reduced for Clearance 
V a lu e s to *2 4 .9 5 
.Q U IL T E D & W O VEN m B E D S P R E A D S 

Value* ta $4.98 (lf perfect) 
Chaeta from sheer velour*, jacquard, and screen print*. 
2ox4o cmd 22x44. 

Ticketed 
H « f i bf. SMB toll.** Y I 
Ticketed 
81 87 
$2.69-------- I 
T-riffed 
14 47 
$2.9* sseeessssesss*. m B 

Special group of 
Discontinued styles. Full and 

T w i n . 
( W h i l e 
Quantity last) 
Wallaby oxford in leather- 

 a like material. 
Sizes 3 Hr-6, 
Ticketed $7.99 

Twills, oxford sailcloth chintz a n d sateen in m esh patterns a n d screen prints 3 to 3o-yd lengths. Values to $6 9 8 (lf full bolts) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 
13-A 

NORTHSIDE o 7325 San Pedro 
O PEN E V E N IN G S Til 9 P M 
SOUTHSIDE o 413 S.W. Military 

OP.EJKe^J?rl J HURS ' & Fri N IG H T S TIL 8 P M 
MARKET SQUARE o 4o6 W. Commerce 
O P E N T H U R S. T il 7 :3 o 

Men's Selected Croup 
IRREGS. AND 
DISCONTINUED STYLES 
WESTERN BOOTS 
Some Ut Quality in Famous Brands, 
Texas, Rodeo, Durango and others. 

Ticketed $23.77 

Ticketed $31.77 

 tu 
I BOYS' * ‘DO NOTHING'' 
INDIGO BLUE DENIM! 

P e r m a n e n t P r e s s 
Poly/cotton, Fashion tolid color or printed yoke. Long sleeve But­ ton or snap front and cuff* Sizes 8-18. 

 itmMftn. 

DRESS CASUAL AND JOX 
AVAILABLE AT ALL 3 
La F e ria 's 

CRUSHED VELVET HUBG. 
IEDSPREADS Ii DRAPES 
Jewel tones 
C 
X 
A 
A A 
Foil A Twin 
* 
4 V W 
Ticketed$16.U 
I V 
». 

DIAMOND' 6 ' STAR'' PATTERNS 
CHENILLE BEDSPREADS 

1 st O v a l i t y M a c h in e w a s h a ­ 

 b l e . 
D e c o r a t o r c o l o n , F u ll 

S iz e Ticketed $ 9 .1 8 

QUILTED MATTRESS FADS 
Polyester Fiber Fill 
^ 
*e§. $4.59 hill 
? J t 7 fi# 
• *vn 
W 
Fitted tee 
W 

LARGE SIZE 
AREA RUGS 

Decorator colors 
24x42 and 24x44 
Ticketed to fts* 

41" SAILCLOTH, PATIO DRESS, 
& SPORTSWEAR PRINTS f § | J 
Value* ta $1.99 (lf full belts) Were Reg. 79* ......... 
W 
* 
SOLR) COLOR & PRINTED 
T x * 
BRUSHED DENIMS 
A O 
2 to S-yd. lone tbs $3.98 yd (lf full bolts) ........................... 
W< W M 
W P olyIsteS------------ 
DOUBLE KNIT 
Solid color and fends*. Velum, to $3.98 yd. (lf full bolt* 
M O N D A Y DOLLAR D A Y S -IH E SALE SA N ANTONIO W AITS FOR! 

Reg 49 
LADIES' PANTIES 

Setinetto nylon acetate and cotton, Silo* 5-7 
( l i m i t 8 p l e a * * ) 
(downtown A nortt- 
•ide only). 

| Ow# Reg. 49 | tolLS' BRIEF OR 

PANTIES 
I O O * a y I • a • * 
Melofe/nytun U M peolel 
« C u 7 | 2 m 
1-14. ( 
I o pie aw ) ( A w x t w ii enty) 
I e . 

Boys' 
TEE SHIRTS & 
BRIEFS 

1oo% cotton knit. Size 
4-14. (»oid in pkg. of 
2) Reg. 79* (limit 6 please) 

CASUAL OR 
WO RK PANTS 

1 o o % c o t t o n or p o ly /c o tto n b lo n d . 
Work pent*. Sizes 28 to 31. Casual size 26- 
34. (Limit 4 pleas#) 
(non* sold to doc (ors) 
DOW NTOWN ONLY 

H e rrin g b o n e S trip e d 
KITCHEN TOWELS 

 brog, of 1 o o % cot­ ton. Fast drying and absorbent 1 5 "x 2 5 " a p p ro x . size. R e g. 
39‘ (lim it 8 please) 

1o6% Coffee 
PRINTED FLANNEL 

Colorful print*. Sec­ o n d s of v a lu e * to 
$ 1 .4 9 y d . (lf fu ll bolts). (Limit 12 yds please) 

22 FL Oz 
D O V E 
LIQUID 
.^b 
DISH 
J I 
DETERGENT ) K 

 a ik 

Reg $1 39 limit 2 
(downtown only) 

KNIT TOPS 

S p e c ia l g r o u p of short or long sleeve style s in solid an d prints, Sizos s-m -l. 
T i c k e t e d $ 1 . 9 7 . 
(lim it 3 please) 

GIRLS' 
DRESSES 

Poly/cotton. No iron so lid s, p la id s a n d c h e c k s . 
W h i l e 
Quantity lasts. Sizes 
8 to 12. Dow ntow n 
Only 

SOU' MOTO MMT 
TEE SHIRTS 

W hite an d with hoot transfer photo prints. 
C o m p a re et $2.99. 
Sizes 6 to 16. (Limit 
3 please) 

Ticketed $1.47 

MIN'S 
COLORED POCKET 
TEE SHIRTS 
N .1 I .M 

1 o o % Cotton. O n * pocket Size. Popular colors. Si ze* s- m- l 
(limit 3 please I 

Compare at 49 
FAMOUS M U S 
WAIN 
TOWELS 

 i t * i r « m 

Special Group 
FABRICS 
REMNANTS 

V a lu e * to $1 6 9 yd 
(lf fu ll b o lt*). 2 to 5 yd le n g t h * (lim it 12 y d * please) N o w Ticketed 49 

 yds. for 

CANDLE VASE 

Com plot* with can­ dle available 2 sizes 
' a n d 9 " . W h ile 
Q u a n t i t y l a s t 
(dow ntow n only) 

LAM S’ SOTAK 
DOUBLE KNIT 
PANTS 

I o o % A c e t a t e h a n d w a sh a b le . Ila *tic w oi*t pilli on style* 
Flack only siz e * o to 18- (lim it 3 please) Ticketed $1 97 

KNIT TOPS 

Special group reduced for c le a ra n c e th a i or long sleeve*, crow et turtle nock. Solid or fancies. Siva* 4-12. 
Values to $2.99. (Urnii 
4 please) 

BOYS' 
KNIT SHIRTS 

Long sleeve, turtle neck or crew neck. 
Solid color and fan ­ cies. Sizes 4 to 
( L i m i t 3 p l e a s e ) . 
Ticketed $1.49. 

H U T S Mo V & T Y 
I SHIRTS 

Asserted colors an d prints. M a n y up to date prints including 
C f i 
A N D 
R O C K 
P r i n t # , Ticketed 
$ 1 . 4 7 . ( L i m i t 4 please) 

Famous Mill 
BATH TOWELS 

V a l u e * to $ 1 . 9 9 
2 o "*4 o " size. Decora­ tor solid color with side fringe. (Limit 6 please) 
Ticketed to $1 49 

COTTON DOMESTICS 
"MANTA" 

IO yd. length* getter 
Q uality Our Reg 39 yd 
4 yds. for 

I ad ia t 
SHOES 

Special group of la ­ dies' shoes. A ll style s but not in each size 

U d f o r 
DAYTIME 
DRESSES 

Special O teup Were 
Ticketed $4 97 Bieken sue 
(Limit 3 please) 
(downtown only) 

 amt conusor 
FLARE LEG 
PANTS 

Special G roup W ere Tick­ eted To $5 99 1 o o % Cot­ ton corduroy. Purple color only. Sizes 14. Reg an d slim . (lim it 3 p le a se ). 
D O W N T O W N O N LY 

M F A X T I 
LONG SLEEVE 
■VlfV erne™ rn m 
KMT 
SHIRTS 

P o l y / c a t t e n b le n d 
Crew neck. Solid and' fancies, f l i e s 9- 24 nm. Rag. $1.49 (limit please) 

Isl Quality Mea'* 
“Fruit of the Loom'' 

TEE SHIRTS 

& BRIEFS 
\ 

Sizes s-m -l-xl. P k g . ^ of 3. Reg 
$3.39 to 
$3.69. (limit 2 pkg per customer) 
ON KACH PKG 

Values to $1oo. 
M Y M 
PU CE MAT* 

U A CURT AM 
PANELS 

 nolle#. Ticketed 
(limit 12 

Special group of dis­ continued styles 54 " a n d 6 3 " l e n g t h s . 
Mostly pink, (limit 6 please! 

Spacial Group of 
IAMES NSC A TI VI MKI 
OXFORDS, AND 
DOWL! UTRAP 

Black rust and naturel, size* 5 to 9. Were Tick- e t e d $ I o . 9 9 n e w 
$5 97 nan ma 

DEFERRED PAYMENT MONTH 

During February ask for FRANK BROS.’ DEFERRED PAYMENT PIA N . Extend your pay­ ments with no carrying charge. You won’t be billed ’til M ay I , Pay '/ j by M ay 3o; Vi by 
June 3o; Vi by July 3o. 

Choose Spring Fashion Values or any of our fine apparel. 

MEN S CLOTHING 
F R A N K B R O S . 

Featuring Hart Schaffner & Marx and Hickey-Freeman Clothes 
On Alam o P laza— Central Park M a ll— W indsor Park M all 

Men’s Shoes 

JOHNSTON & 
MURPHY 

Select Group 

 reg. 5 2 .5 o to 7 2 .5 o now 
29.9o to 54.9o 

IMPORTED BOOTS 

 regularly 5 5 .o o now 29.9o 

Not every size in every style, 

 but excellent selection. 

ENTIRE STOCK NOT INCLUDED 

Ask For Deferred Payment On 

February Purchases. 

MEN S SHOES 

F R A N K B R O S . 

On A lam o P laza— C entral Park M all 

W indsor Park M all 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

 action group to step aside 

Unlikely 
Such a re je c tio n a p ­ pears unlikely. 
The planned pay hikes would raise s la ri e s of 
Senate and 
House m e m b e r s to $57,5oo a y ear from the c u r r e n t 
$44.HOO. House Speaker 
Thomas I’. O’Neill. Vice 
P re sid e n t 
W alte r 
F 
Mondale and Chief .Ins- 

Terry joins the rugby team 

C otton terry . . . it's the newest kick in the popular rugby look. 

And this one is ours alone, an e xclusive import. In tw o -to n e stripes with solid color collar. S. M. L, XL. 
2o.oo 

MEN S FURNISHINGS 

T op-level Payraise 

 acts decisively to ease crisis 

WASHINGTON (Al’) - Besides de­ claring disasters and emergencies, the government is taking action through as many as IO departments and agencies to east' the icy crisis paralyzing parts of the nation. 
It's banning evictions from federal housing if throwing out tenants who, can’t pay would injure their health or safety. It’s sending troops, trucks and tankers with fuel into stricken areas. 
And it’s setting up a hotline for gover­ nors. 
President ( arter added parts of up­ state New York on Saturday to areas of the nation where he has d e c l a r e d major disasters because of ice, snow, deep-freeze t e m p e r a t u r e s and fuel shortages. Buffalo, NLY., is hardest hit in the new disaster area. 
Paralyzed 
Record snowfall and low t e m p e r a ­ tures have paralyzed the countryside in nine western and n o rth e rn New 
York counties. Carter sent his son, 
Chip, and presidential assistant Midge 
Costanza to inspect tin* impact Friday. 
‘They came back anil reported to me about th*' severity of the storm and its consequences,” Carter said as he signed the New York disaster declara­ tion. “ They've not been able to collect 

/*resident Carter a d d e d parts o f upstate AV ic I ark 
Saturday ta the list o f dis­ aster areas 

 trash or garbage for two weeks. 
“ There are many ears completely covered with snow and they’ve found nine people dead in those cars. The economic circumstances, too. are very severe.” 
F o r e c a s t e r s p re d ic t m o r e frigid temperatures and more snowfall [or the area — part of a new cold wave moving into the eastern United States. 
It is expected to drive temperatures as low as last m o n th ’s cold snap, till' worst in a decade. 
Because of that extreme cold, the 
President already had dec lared disas­ ter areas in Maryland, Virginia and 
Florida. Such disaster d ecla ratio n s provide these major benefits: 
Unemployment aid to the self-em­ ployed. w a t e r m e n and m i g r a n t laborers; low -interest loans for busin­ essmen and homo-owners; emergency food stamps; and the opening of major w ate rw a ys by Coast G u a r d ic e ­ breakers. 
Founder o f 

CHIP C a rte r and M id g e C o s ta n za trudge through N e w York snow 

Byrd sees problem in 
W arnke OK 

WASHINGTON (A P ) — S e n a t e D e m o c r a t i c 
Leader Robert Byrd withheld support Saturday of 
President Carter’s nomination of Paul Warlike as the nation s chief arms control negotiator and said there are “ some problems with the nomination.” 
Byrd said he would not m ake his own decision whether to vote for Senate confirmation “ until Mr. 
Warnke has his day in court” at confirmation h ea r­ ings 
“ There are some problem s and Mr ( a rte r is aware of t h a t .” the West V irginia se n ato r told newsmen 
“ He is Mewed by some senators as soft col arms negotiation matters.” Byre! said. “ But as of today the nomination probably would be confirmed 
Hearings on the nomination will begin Tuesday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
Questions 
Bs rd said he would have no objection to addn tonal hearings by the Senate Armed Services Committee, where some members have raised questions about 
Warnke. 
A m emorandum widely circulated through the 
Senate last week purported to detail public s t a ­ tements Warnke has made advocating unilateral 
. C S. arms reductions in the belief the Soviets would respond with reductions. 
The memorandum was written by the Coalition for a Democratic Majority which was created in reac­ tion aga inst Sen. G eo rg e McGov e r n ’s 
11#72 
Democratic presidential platform , its executive direc tor said 
McGovern, D-S.D., told a national board meeting of the liberal organization Americans for Democra­ tic Action on Saturday: 
‘Paul Warnke believes, as I do, in a strong na­ tional defense with a minimum of waste and over­ kill. That is enough to arouse the bilter-end hawks who call themselves the Coalition for a Democratic 
Majority.” 
But the director, Penn Kemble, said the organ­ ization did not distribute the memo last week — he said he understands it went to every senator — and dues not know who did. 
Kemble said the o rganization concluded that 
Warnke is willing to go to “ lengths which we feel are quite dangerous” in unilateral U.S. a rm s reduc­ tions. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Administration seems likely to pass 

WASHINGTON — -John Gardner, founder of Common Cause, announced Saturday he is stepping aside as chairman of the citi­ zens’ political action group although he will remain as a member of the board. 
G a r d n e r , who has served two t h r e e -y e a r terms as Common Cause chairman, said he would head a 1o-member co m ­ m ittee to s e arch for a successor. 
Cohen 
David Cohen, president of the organization who assumed G a r d n e r ’s d u ­ ties as a chief executive officer last y ea r, is a member of the co m m it­ tee and c o n s id e red a prospect to take over. 
G a rd n er, o4. said he would not seek re-elec­ tion when his te rm ex­ pires in April but that he would co n tin u e as a member of the board. 
Gardner founded Com­ mon Cause iii tin1 fall of 
19711, saying he hoped to create a citizens’ voice in the political field. Ile said it would be a pres­ sure group to work for changes in the political s y ste m but would not seek to replace political parties. 
Financed principally by dues of 
$15 per member. Common Cause has a national m e m b e r­ ship of about 25o,(MMI per­ sons 
Its a ccom plish­ ments over the past 

JOHN GARONER y e a rs have in cluded a successful campaign for election law reforms and public financing of p re­ sidential elections. 
A Common Cause law­ suit forced former P r e ­ sident Richard Nixon’s 
1972 re-electio n c a m ­ paign c o m m i t t e e to reveal the names of its financial contributors. 
“ Every organization m ust renew its e lf ,’’ 
G a r d n e r said in a n ­ nouncing to a meeting of his o rg a n iz a ti o n 's governing board that he will not seek a new term as c h a ir m a n 

Tropical Escadrille by Hart Schaffner 
& Marx 

Here’s a heads-up look for the dashing 
Escadrille® man. Soft shoulders and center-vent styling, in a vested tropical weight suit of Viracle® cloth—our own exclusive Dacron® polyester/wool blend. 
Tailored for spring by 
Hart Schaffner & Marx®. 
25o.oo 
F R A N K B R O S . 

On Alam o P laza— C entral Park M all 

W indsor Park M all 

Lower federa l court judges would get a raise to $54,5oo from $42,5oo and some 2o,ooo top civil servants whose salaries have been frozen at 
$39,ooo for several years would receive hikes of up to $7,9oo. 

Out of all the people who will benefit from the pay raise, one group had 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— An elite group of Wa- shin g to n -a rea fam ilies can look f o rw ard to 
March I when they’ll ap­ parently get a healthy boost in income. 
They in clude the 
Mondales, the Burgers, the O’Neills and Byrds, the Vances and Browns and the families of other high g o v e r n m e n t of­ ficials. 
All told, m e m b e r s of 
’ongress, Supreme ( curt justices 
Cabinet mem- hers and other top ■ executive department of- I ficials and a smattering I of other high-level bur * eauerats such as the li­ brarian of Congress will get the pay increases un­ less Congress rejects the hikes. 

 tice W arren E. B urger would have their salaries increased to 
$75,9oo from $65,5oo. 
All Cabinet members, such as S e c r e ta r y of 
State Cyrus R. Vance and 
Defense S e c r e ta r y H a ­ rold Brown would get a 
$3,ooo raise to $66,ooo, 
Associate Supreme Court ju s tice s would go to 
$72,ooo from $63 OOO. 

 a chance to say, “ No, thanks.” That was Con­ g res s which has until 
Feb. 19. Jo reject the recommendation submit­ ted by former President 
Gerald R. Ford. 

Unless the House or 
Senate votes to reject by that date, the pay i n ­ creases automatically go into effect. 

Sweater people 

THIRTY-FIVE years a p a rt, a d sident C arter m ake the s w e a te r a b y-w o rd of fashion, 
President 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

Linen look separates 

Irom Pant-her for soft, 

 warm, sunshiny days 

The crisp, fresh look of linen a makes its fashion entrance with the first days of spring, so when you think 
"Linen", you just naturally think of soft, warm days, jaunty daffodils and new leaves. You can put the essence of spring in your wardrobe now with these natural-toned, linen-look pieces from Pant-her. Slim, front split skirt o polyester-rayon, 22.oo; handkerchief weave shirt with embroidery and fag­ goting trim, of rayon, 24.oo; cable knit cardigan with patch pockets of acrylic-linen, 28.oo. Shirt and skirt in sizes 8-16, also available in blue; cardigan in sizes S, M , L. Plaza II 
Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin. Charg yours . . . and get in the spring mood! 

 brings style to sweaters 

WASHINGTON — Obviously their motives are different, but 
President Carter is doing for sweaters today what Lana Turner did for them 35 years ago. 
Probably not since the hey days of that Sweater Girl have 
Americans been so aware of people wearing sweaters. 

Carter comes by them honestly. Ca­ sual. com fortable clothes are part of the southern apparel style that Carter prefers. He wore sweaters frequently while cam paigning, and as president­ elect was photographed in one while conferring with his cabinet-to-be on St. 
Simon’s Island, Cia. 
C a rte r is believed to be the first 
American President to m ake an offi­ cial a p p e a r a n c e b e fo re the n ation wearing a sweater. President Kennedy wore informal clothes in Hyannis and 
President .Johnson had his boots-and- 
Stctson clothes. 
Golf course 
P resident’s Ford and Nixon donned sweaters for the golf course, but none of these leaders wore them as visibly on the job as P re s id e n t C a rte r did 
Wednesday night. 
The c a rd ig a n sw e a te r is c lassic. sim ple and w arm . And it’s worn by millions of American men in and out of their homes. 
But when the President wore one on national TV in his first fireside chat, the mohair began to fly. 
It’s not likely that Carter was w ear­ ing the sweater merely for the warm th it provided, but rather lo underscore the informality of his chat and to put across his m essage of energy conser­ vation. 
Real fire 
Unlike FDK, who sat beside a fake fire in the Diplomatic Reception Room for his Broadcast talks, Carter sat next to a roaring blaze in the White House library. 
It turns out that fashion designers are divided in their opinions on the 
Carter cardigan look. 
“ I en jo y ed th e fact th a t he w as wearing a sw ea ter.” said French de­ signer Pierre Cardin. “ I’m in favor of a relaxed mentality and I can only ap­ plaud his sense of self-expression." 
But d es ig n er Bill Blass said. “ It seems a little obvious to me. A blazer would have been a breakthrough. But this is an extrem e ju m p .” 
And G eorgio di S an t’Angelo said, 
“ The whole environm ent he was in was a bit elaborate for the average man. 
Sweaters are already a part of the li­ 

 f t N not likely that ('arter a a s w e a r in g the sw ea te r m erely for the warmth it 
/provided, hut rather lo un­ derscore the in formality o f his I'hat and to put across his message o f energy con­ s e r v a tio n . 

 festyle of the average m an. But the 
P resident’s sweater was a little bit too sloppy." 
Has style 

“ I think his style of dressing is ex­ cellent.” said designer Ralph Lauren. 
“ H e’s not a fashion guy, but he has style.” 
Others in the White House are using sweaters to counter the cold tem pera­ tu res. P re sid e n tia l as s is ta n t M idge 
Costanza, form er assistant m ayor of 
Rochester, NA’., where it really gets cold, regards the current cold spell as 
W ash in g to n ’s way of offering a Ro­ chester-type welcome. 
She has been bundling up with wool­ ly socks u n d e r boots an d sw e a te rs under her pantsuits. T hai's what she wears in Rochester. 
Mrs. Carter 
T h e P r e s id e n t’s wife is la y e rin g sw eaters under ju m p e rs or w earing them over skirts and blouses, lier aides report. 
Not since Pat Boone wore a cardigan with full sleeves that became adapted as a golf sw eater, or Andy Williams wore V-neck pullovers to give him a fatherly image, has so much attention been paid to one m a n ’s sweater. 
“ Im agine television ca m e ra s con­ centrating on one sweater for 3(1 m in­ utes,” says Ja ck Schultz, senior vice president of B loom ingdale’s d e p a r t­ ment stores. “ It’s bound to have an influence. 
Adds designer Lauren: “ C arter wore a sweater to establish his own identity. 
It should have an impact greater than a mov ie star or an athlete 
(It could ch an g e the e tiq u e tte of clothes." 
("arter dines with former commander 

WASHINGTON (AP) - P re sid en t 
Carter had a nostalgic, private lunch 
S atu rd ay with a m an who w as his mentor and who now salutes him as commander-m-chief. 
( arter and his wife. Rosalyun. dined with Adm. and Mrs Hyman Rickover 

 iii the secluded residence wing of th e 
White House. Rickover, 77, is con- 
Mdered lather of the nuclear navy. 
Carter spent much of his Navy c a r­ eer in n u clear power d ev e lo p m e n t under Rickover. 
As head of the Navy N u c le a r 
P ropulsion Division, R ic k o v e r has been plainspoken in his criticism of 
Pentagon red tape and what he regards as occasional failures to obtain excel­ lence and efficiency from defense con­ tractors. 
The ad m iral has a rep u ta tio n for being equally demanding in his desire for excellence from his men 
Profound effect 

“ Adm. Rickover had a profound cf- feet on my life — perhaps more than anyone except my own p a r e n t s , ” 
( a r te r wrote in his c a m p a ig n b io ­ graphy, “ Why Not the Best’* 
The title of the book is based on an exchange he had with Rickover when the adm iral interviewed him for the 
Navy’s nuclear submarine program in the early 193os 
Carter had been graduated from the 
I S. Naval Academy and sat iii a large room with Rickover for more than two hours discussing subjects of C a rte r’s choosing * current events, seam anship, music, literature, naval tactics, elec­ 

 tronics and gunnery. 
“ He began to ask me a se rie s of questions of increasing d iffic u lty ,” 
C arter wrote. "In each in stan ce he soon proved that I knew relatively little about the subject I had chosen. 
Never smiled 

“ Ile always looked rig h t into my eyes, and he never smiled. I was s a ­ turated with cold sweat.” 
Finally, C arter wrote, the ad m iral 
-asked how he stood in his N av al 
A cadem y class - a q uestion C a rte r thought he could answer with pride. 
"Sir, I stood 59th in a class of 82o1" 
Carter said he replied. "I sat back to watt for the congratulations • which never cam e." 
Instead, Rickover asked: “ Did you do your best?" 
Carter wrote that he was reluctant to admit his human failings but answered nonetheless, “ No, sir, I didn’t always do my best," 
“ Why not?” Rickover shot back. 
( arter said it was a question “ I have never been able to forget • or to answei 
... I sat there for awhile, shaken, and then slowly left the room," 

He worked for Rickover until 1953 when he decided to resign from the 
Navy because “ I had only one life id live, and I w anted to live it as ii civilian, with a potentially fuller op­ portunity for varied public service." 
In his book. C arter calls Rickovei 
“ by any measure a rem arkable m a n ’ and “ probably the most competent anc] innovative naval engineer of all tim e.1 
JDL JE m 
MI A UNIT or ALUKO S T O aia 
SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

By MICHAEL QUINTANILLA 
“The below listed aliens have been granted parole statu s b y the A tto rn e y 
G eneral for entry into the 
U nited S ta te s w ith im m i­ grant visas.” 
— From U.S. entry documents 

Sitting in the iiving room of his five-room, modestly furnished house 
32-year-old Laotian refugee lnthasone 
Sananikone fears his family’s new­ found freedom in the United States. 
His 3o-year-old wife, Peng, sits next to him, holding the youngest of their five young sons, as the other boys quietly walk into the room and auto­ matically sit on the floor around their young parents. lnthasone and his family have been in the United States for five months, fleeing his country of Laos with his family after U.S. military forces were 

 pulled out of Southeast Asia in De­ cember of 1975. 
To the family of seven their arrival in the U.S. must have seemed like a happy ending to their saga which has been fast-moving, leading to a land as free as it is alien to them. 
It staggers Inthasone’s imagimation to reflect on his family’s plight and his wife’s fearful wishes of safety for their 
“ five brave little men.” 
Journey 
In his broken English vocabulary, lim ited to a few words, lnthasone slowly spoke of his family’s incredible journey to America, halfway around the world. 
The former forestry specialist with the United States Agency for Interna­ tional Development in Laos said he left his country because of Communist control. 
Sponsored by T rinity L utheran 
Church, the Laotian family arrived in the U.S. in late September. They a r­ rived in San Antonio in October — with 

 one suitcase full of clothes and one cardboard box containing a few family possessions and keepsakes. 
But perhaps even more important­ ly, the family came with something not in either that one suitcase or c a rd ­ board box — they cam e with the knowledge of arriving on U.S. soil — a land of political freedom. 
Today, lnthason e is som ew hat scared of that freedom, something he, his attractive wife and their five young sons are having difficulty adjusting to. 
‘Freedom’ 
“ There is much freedom here, be­ fore I come we don’t have. We leave my country because of Communists. It was very sad, C om m unists sc arf everyone,” lnthasone, a small framed, soft-spoken man said, phonetically fighting his words. 
For though troubled by a language handicap in this foreign country, Inth- asone and Peng are in no sense gullible or naive. They have seen too much of life during a generation of warfare to be naive at all. 
How did you escape? lnthasone looked at his wife, bolding 
15-month-old Arouukono. The other children, Amphone, IO, Oudone, 9, 
Thavone, 7, and Sounthone, 5, sat on the floor, well-mannered and quiet, a little apprehensive and a iittle curious. 
“W'e were took to Camp Nongkhai in 
Thailand. You know Camp Nongkhai? 
Many people there, many refugees. 
About 11,ooo. Many. Children, old peo­ ple, families,” lnthasone said. 
His crim e, he said, was his a n ti­ communist feelings and being related to a former prime minister and a high 

 ranking general, both of whom have also fled Laos. lnthasone said he does not know what has happened to them since or their whereabouts. 
“ My family never separated. W'e come to Thailand first, across the Me­ kong River in dark. Sons cry, Peng scared, but we have to come,” he said of that journey, gesturing with his hands. 
“We get to Camp Nongkhai with many peoples. We stay for seven months. We live in sm all room in building like this,” he said, pointing to the combined living and dining rooms of his house. 
“ About 5o peoples to one room, very crowded, not good.” 
He paused. “ I don’t speak good 
English, I try. You know?” He smiled and leaned forward on the edge of his chair. “ I try to continue.” 
Work 

“ The men were made to work, some women also, not Peng, she not work in camp. The boys play with other chil­ dren. For two months they go to school in camp. 
“ We wait to leave, like others there. 
But, only those with sponsors can go, they tell us,” lnthasone continued. lnthasone was notified in early July, 
1976, that his family would be spon­ sored by San Antonio’s Trinity Luth­ eran Church, an 8oo-member congre­ gation, through the Lutheran Im m i­ gration Service. 
Expected to arrive in August, the family was delayed for two months due to illness among the boys as a result of air sickness throughout the interrupt- 

ANTIQUE 
SH O W A SALE 
M unicipal Auditorium 
FEB. 4, 5, 6 

 i pan. sun. iz-ft 
4o (V a in *, .1o Owl of S u it 
Bo m QoaliO. B ro P m w 
Trrasiires of 3 O utcrie s 
Adm. JI.2.) (hmm! All 3 Days Everything For Sale 

Pancake supper slated by club 
Churchill 
High 
School’s ROTC Booster 
Club will hold a Pancake 
Supper from 4:3o to 7:3o p.m. Feb. 15 in the school cafeteria. 
Tickets are SI.5o for adults and $1 for s tu ­ dents. 
Proceeds will defray costs of schoolrelated activities and projects scheduled for the year. 

 fast adjustment 

By LIZ SWEET 
In large block letters, 
1o-year-old Amphone S an an i­ kone slowly spells out t-e-l-e-f- o-n. Staring thoughtfully at the paper, he crosses it out and tries again. 

F ru stra tio n w rinkling his brow, 
Amphone writes t-e-l-e-f-o-n-e and puts down his pencil. At the end of the spelling test the Xs on his paper num ber five and his frustratio n mounts. 
Amphone. however, is not an ordin­ ary fourth-grader struggling with ty­ pical fourth grade spelling problems. 
Five months ago Amphone did not 
I speak a word of English. 
Last October, early in the morning, 
Amphone and his two brothers Oudono and Thavone clim bed the steps of 
Morrill Elementary School. 
Staring at the walls of an American school for the first time, the three brothers walked into a sea of smiling faces and strange sounds. 
Events 
. 
The three older children of lnthasone and Peng Sananikone were caught up in the tidal wave of events that carried their parents across an ocean and dumped them into a world of foreign people and customs. 
Resource teachers at Morrill, Gloria 
Ruttan and Laurie Miller, remember that first week as something as of a trial. 
Filled with curiosity, the American children w ere fascinated with the brothers’ extremely short haircuts 
So much so that they had to touch 
The three brothers, both teachers laughed, quickly became fluent in the use of the English word “ no.” 
Once the shyness wore off and their hair grew out, the three Sananikone*, however, became favorites and were swamped in a school-wide “ take care of the new kids” campaign. 

Quite rapidly, the blur of faces and sounds cleared and the three focused on their school work with an enthu­ siasm that still astounds th eir teachers. 
Mrs. Miller said the brothers quickly learned to follow the other students’ example inside and outside the class­ room. 
“Their motivation and need to learn is so strong it amazes me every day,” 
Mrs. Miller said. “ And it makes me a little impatient with some of the other children who don’t care.” 
All three know the English alphabet and are able to count into the hundreds. 
First grader Thavone, she said, is adding and multiplying. Oudone, in the third grade, and Amphone are both reading and able to follow English in­ structions very well. 
Hurry up 
Amphone, who learns “ easily, so­ metimes becomes impatient with his classmates who are not in such a rush to learsn,” Mrs. Ruttan said. 
And both teachers occasionally per­ suade Amphone and Oudone to tutor the other children. 
When the bell rings and the class­ rooms spill hordes of hungry' children rushing toward the lunch room. the three brothers head the hot dog line, 
“They eat everything,” Mrs. Miller laughed "They wouldn’t drink their milk at first, but now they have gotten used to it.” 
And out mr the playground during recess, the memories of another school and other friends become even dim ­ mer. 
Standing behind home base, Am­ phone tw irls the wooden bat and squints toward the pitcher. 
As the ball zooms toward him, Am­ phone swings and hears a loud crack as bat and ball connect. Flying off home plate and counting the bases as his 1o-year-old legs dance over them, 
Amphone understands the cheers of his American teammates Aery well. 

’S 

M A UWTT O f ALLOD V T O tsz i 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 

Children make 

Laotian refugee finding freedom new, frightening 

American Tourister luggage features one-piece molded shell covered with scratch-resistant cast vinyl, foam rub­ ber padded steel handles, pop-open proof locks and stainless steel closures. 
Ladies' styles available in tannery blue, gold and palomino. 
Men's styles available in dusk, walnut and palomino. Limited quantities. Luggage, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, and Austin. Use your charge card! 

Ladies' Carry-on, reg. 65.oo 
. . . . 48.75 
Ladies' 27" Pullman, reg. 85.oo . 63.75 
Ladies' 3o" O'Seas, reg. 97.5o . . 73.15 
Ladies' Garment Bag, reg. 125.oo. 93.75 
‘Ladies' Car-Sac, reg. 5o.oo 
. . . 37.5o 
Attache Case, reg. 57.5o ............. 43.15 
Men's O'nite, reg. 55.oo 
41.25 
Men's 3-suiter, reg. 9o.oo 
67.5o 
Men's 24" Pullman, reg. 75.oo . . 56.25 
Men's Suit Bag, reg. 12o.oo 
. . . . 9o.oo 
Hand Bag, reg. 5o.oo ................... 37.5o 
* ‘M ens Car-Sac, reg. 5o.oo 
37.5o 

‘Not available in palomino or tannery blue 
“ Not available in palomino 

9! 

SAFE in San Antonio, h a lfw a y around the w orld, are lnthasone Sananikone and his w ife Peng, center, and their sons, left to right, Southone, 5, Arounkone, I 5 months, Oudone, 9, Tnavone, 7, and Amphone, 1o 
STAN PHOTO BY BON JONfc', 

 cd 3o-hour flight. 
Able to leave the relative freedom of 
Thailand. Anthasone and Beng made their melancholy farewells to shoe not fortunate enough to leave the camp. 
Throng lnthasone remembered the throng of fellow refuges contained in that one airp lane — a cargo of hum anity, happy . . . scared, uncertain of futures. 
Their first stop was Bangkok, then 
Bombay. They then landed in Iran and were temporarily held over in Paris. 
Finally, the news came: next stop, the 
United States. 
“ When I hear. I say good. I feel good. 
I enjoy to hear, good feeling, the Unit­ ed States.’.' lnthasone said, smiling and clasping his hands together. 
After landing in New York, Intha- sone and his family were greeted by people on the plane ramp who helped carry screaming babies gently down, he said. 
As adults of every age em erged, shaky from the long crowded flight. 
U.S. soldiers were there to help them through their stumbling steps, he said. 
Visas 
O ther new experiences followed. 
Their visas were checked, with the attached photos com pared to the card-carrying person. 
From New York, the family was once again rushed onto another plane headed for Houston to San Antonio and eventually to the converted parsonage of Trinity Lutheran, next to the church on 552o S. Flores St. 
Able to speak no English at all at the tim e, the fam ily ’s com m unication problem was temporarily solved by some Laotian refugees who had come to the United States earlier and who could speak some English to interpret when the Sananikone family arrived at the airport. 
“When I come here, I want to learn 
English so I can find a job. I want to work. but job hard to get for me.” he said. 
Presently, under the leadership of 
Trinity L utheran’s pastor, the Rev. 
W.C. Ahlrich, and the church’s busi­ ness m anager. Fred H artm an, the church is paying for the family’s uti­ 

 lity bills and household necessities. 
Qualifying for welfare benefits this month and food stamps has alleviat­ ed some of the church’s financial re­ sponsibility to the family and has made lnthasone and Peng a little more independent. 
But in spite of being unemployed, struggling with a new language, ad­ justing to new customs, foods, and swamped with a new philosophy on freedom. lnthasone is very optimistic about his and his family’s future. 
That future includes schooling for all members of the family. His three ol­ dest sons, Amphone, Oudone and Tha­ vone. are enrolled at Morrill Elemen­ tary School, lnthasone is taking Eng­ lish instruction at the Bexar County 
Adult Continuing Education Center. 
Peng is unable to attemd classes be­ cause of their younger children but through Inthasome, her sons and tele­ vision. she too is learning some Eng­ lish. 

Maintenance 

While not in school, lnthasone tends to the m aintenance of the church grounds and minor repairs needed throughout his house. 
Also included in his daily routine of learning how to transfer on a bus. try­ ing a new American food, and keeping track of his quarters and dimes is the chore of endless job-hunting. 
“ I look for job but cannot find be­ cause my English no good. But, we like here, different than Laos, the freedom. 
But we. also, homesick. We feel sad when we miss our mother and father,” lnthasone said, turning to his wife. She smiled. 
The fate of their immediate family members since the communist takeover in Laos is not known. His friends, most former employes of the 
U.S. agencies formerly in Laos, are supposedly still in Thai refugee camps. 
Their fate is unknown at present, since the military takeover in Thai­ land. 
But for lnthasone. Peng and their 
“ five brave little men” fate has been kind. 

SALE! American 
Tourister luggage 

SAVE 
25% 

L.A. quake-proof plan moves slowly 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

LOS ANGELES - Six years alter a major earthquake in the northern suburbs killed 58 per­ sons, Los Angeles still has thou­ sands of older buildings likely to tumble if a big quake hits near the heart of town. 

The F e b . 9. 1971. San F e r n a n d o quake was a near miss. A few miles to south it could have been devastating. 
Local government heeded the warning and formed an earthquake comm ission th at r e c o m m e n d e d w ays to avo id tragedy. 
The No. I recom m endation was to make the older buildings earthquake sale or destroy them by 198o. 
Any progress? 

Hazardous 

“ No p r o g r e s s so fa r. it s a v e ry h azard o u s s i tu a t i o n ." said G e o r g e 
Ilo u sn e r, a C a lifo rn ia I n s titu te of 
T ech n o lo g y s cie n tist and b u ild in g safety expert who was on the e a r t h ­ quake com m ission. " I f a big quake were to hit Los Angeles, it would be a disaster, no question about ii." 
Progress has also been slow on tin1 
No. 2 recommendation — that d am s be e x a m in e d and m a d e s a f e . 
And homeowners apparently have ignored the reco m m en d atio n th at they buy earthquake insurance. 

'I f a big quake w ere to hit 
Los 
A n g e le s , it wouM be a disaster, no question about it' 

P r e p a r a t i o n is c r i t i c a l b e c a u s e quake e x p e rts say a big t r e m o r is overdue along the San Andreas fault in 
Southern California. 
The failure of Los Angeles to do an­ ything about the problem of old. un­ reinforced buildings is highlighted by the fact that Long B e a c h , 2o m iles south, has m ad e g r e a t p r o g r e s s in getting rid of such structures. 
Ed O'Connor, the m an m ost respon­ sible for Long B each's su ccess, says 
Los Angeles officials have ducked the problem for 2o years. 
Nobody knows how m a n y old, un­ reinforced buildings there are in Los 
A ngeles, but the m ost c o m m o n e s ­ tim ate is about 11.ooo to 14,ooo. Of­ ficials fig u re about 15o,ooo p eo p le either live or work in the buildings. 
After five years of haggling, the City 
Council recently considered an ordin­ ance that would have required building owners to make such structures safe or destroy them within IO years. Owners would also have had to post a notice that the building did not meet e a rth ­ quake safety standards. 

On Jan . 24, the council tabled the ordinance and ordered m ore study. 
It w ill now be at least six months and m aybe two years before an o th er o r ­ dinance is considered, sup po rters of the ordinance say. 
The owners of the old buildings say their structures have lasted 4o or 5o years without collapsing. They point to economic and social problems — the great expense of fixing the buildings and the hardship of tearing down many old apartm ents that provide low-rent homes for poor people. 
O'Connor, the Long Beach director of building and safety from 1949-76, says 
Los Angeles officials don't really need a new ordinance but could tackle the problem with condem nation laws a l­ ready on the books. 

Ducked problem 

“The Los Angeles and San F ran cisco building safety m a n a g e rs have both ducked the earthquake safety problem by saying they have to so lv e th e ir so cial and e c o n o m ic p r o b l e m s , " 
O’Connor said. “ Well, we never solved them in Long B each ." 
O'Connor said he started co n d em n ­ ing hazardous old buildings in the late 
195os. 
“ The building ow ners ju m p ed up and down and said w hat an SOB I w a s ." he recalled. “ We just flat-out condemned them .” 
O ’Connor said he a s k e d th e Los 
Steel vote to affect all U.S. 

PITTSBURGH (A P ) - 
The b itter stru g g le for co n tro l of the U nited 
S te e lw o rk e rs en d s 
T uesday in an election that p rom ises to affect millions who have never seen the inside of a steel mill. 
T he 
US VV, with 
1.4 million m em b ers in the 
United S tates and C a n ­ ada, is the largest unit of the A FL -C 1Q , and is a recognized pace-setter in b a rg a in in g . W hat h ap ­ pens within this union can affect not only other labor g r o u p s , but the prices Americans pay for products ra n g in g from p a p e r c lip s to a u ­ tomobiles. 
For the first time in its 
4 o -y e a r h is to r y , no in­ cum bent is running for the USV\ s top o ffice. 
P re s id e n t 
I. VV. 
Abel must retire in June after guid ing the union th rough 
IO y e a r s of stability and growth. 
Stalwart 

Bantling for his 
$ 7 5 .o o o -a -y e a r posit ion ar,e Lloyd M c B r id e , a fttf-year-oId union s t a l ­ wart who has Abel's sup­ port. and E d w a rd Sad- low ski. 98. a militant out of the g r im y m ills of 
.south Chicago. 
Both m en a g r e e the 
-lU&VV m ust co n tin u e to tight for h igh er w ages and im p ro ved b enefits and the union s vaguely defined goal of "lifetim e s e c u r i t y . " 
But t h a t ’ s w here th e ir s im ila r ity ends 
Sodlowski's insurgency has the tone of a crusade. 
"W hat's wrong with our union is our leaders think they know what s right for the m e m b e r s and they don t need input from anybody else. They think w o rk in g people work for th em .” he said. 

Issues 

McBride says "integ ri­ ty and d e d ic a tio n " a re the overriding issues of the c a m p a ig n . Ile has expended m uch energy and money in an attempt to depict Sadlowski as an op p o rtu n ist duped by outsiders trying to m us­ cle in oil the lab or movement 
The USW is one of only three large unions to hold re f e re n d u m e le c tio n s , and this week's balloting may hold c lu e s to the mood of A m erica's blue collar workers. 
In these days of econ­ o m ic u n c e r t a i n t y , will they take a chance on an insurgent scrapping for a fight with their e m p l o y e r s ? 
W ould a sadlowski victory ignite di sc on tent iii o th e r unions? 
Is the drift toward more cooperation between m a n a g e m e n t and labor iii the union best interest? 
Departures 

While the membership ponders those questions, oth er labor c h ie f ta in s and the steel industry it­ self have m ad e un­ precedented depart tires from their usual silence on the union’s internal aft airs 
E a r l i e r this m o n th . 
A E M B> 
P re s id e n t 
G eo rg e Meany w arned aeonist a threat bv bu sin* ssmen and limousine 

 liberals" to take control of the union, a thinly veiled referen ce to Sad- lovvski’s fund-raising a c ­ tivity am ong people a s ­ so c ia te d with lib e ra l causes. 
And the ste e l in­ dustry's chief negotiator, 
J . 
B r u c e 
J o h n s to n , sharply criticiz e d both candidates for running a 
“ dism al" campaign that ignores vital issues, no­ tably the historic E x p e r­ im en tal 
N e g o tia tin g 
A g re e m e n t — E N A — that b an s n a tio n w id e steel s tr ik e s th ro u g h 
198(1. 
Jo h n sto n 's c o m m e n ts m erely scra tch the s u r­ face of deep c o n c e r n within the industry over the election. “ The steel­ w o rk e rs have been a 

USW election prom ises an im ­ p a ct on m illio n s who h a re never seen the inside o f a steel mill 

 pretty responsible union and we regard ENA as a m ile sto n e . 
Sadlo w sk i could change all th a t ," an industry source said. 

ENA bans nationwide s trik e s and r e q u ir e s binding a rb itra tio n for unresolved c o n tra c t is­ sues. Abel co n sid e rs it the c a p s to n e of his career, but to Sadlowski it’s a sellout. 
“ It strips the collective b a rg a in in g fib e r and m u s cle of th e s t e e l ­ w o r k e r s," he tells sup­ 

 porters who crow d into bars and union halls on the campaign trail. 
“ I find the union now becoming very co m p ati­ ble with the ste e l in ­ dustry rather than with the m e m b e r s h ip ." said 
Sadlo w sk i. 
“ W hat 
I propose is to go back to b a rg a in in g with eq ual s tre n g th with the e m ­ ployer.” 

M c B rid e d is m is s e s such argum ents as a dis­ play of irresponsibility and r e c k le s s n e s s . His 

 campaign ham m ers at a single theme — that Sad- low s k i s support com es not from steelworkers he claim s to speak for. but from “ outsiders." 
“ T h e re is a very ob ­ vious attempt on tile part of certain people not in the labor m o vem ent to change the direction of the m ovem ent." he said 
M c B r id e 's c a m p a ig n staff recently put out a com puter list of his op­ p o n e n t’ s c o n tr ib u to r s w hich p u r p o rte d ly showed only 5 per cent of the d o n o rs w ere m e m b e rs of the union, contrary to Sadlowski’s c la im s of w id e sp re a d membership support. 
In turn, Sadlowski has a c cu se d 
M c B r id e of 
“ d un ning” the union s 

 paid staff and office em ­ ployes 
M cB rid e freely admits that most of his money co m es from the union's SIM) staffmen. lint he rejects tin' notion that the con trib u tio n s w ere coerced. 

Figures 

The c a n d id a te s have released figures showing each has solicited more than $15o,oo11 

Harsh rh eto ric and a flurry of law suits have been a standard part of the campaign 
Bul aside from the gunshot wound­ ing of a Sadlowski sup­ porter in Texas and some o th er m in o r scu fflin g , th ere has been no p hy­ sical violence. 

ALL YO U CAN 
EAT FOR *2.49 

Bring this coupon to either Delta Catfish Co. and get all the Cattish, chicken or country fried steak, plus hushpuppies, cole slaw, beans, and french fries you can eat for only $ 2 .4 9 . That s 5 o cents off the regular price of $ 2 .9 9 for each adult in your party. 
Fun, Fish, Fowl and Steak Your Family Can Afford 
(j 
LAST DAY, 2 -1 4 -7 7 
— 
^ 
Off 
M o n .-T h o r* . 4 i 3 o p .m .- 9 :o o p .m . 
T i l 
Off 
T ri.-Sun. I 1 :3 o a .r n .- 1 o :o o p .m . 
5o 
2o S.W. MILITARY DR. 
E-N 
7o75 SA N PEDRO 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
J february rn yr, 
...relate! 

Waterford crystal...timeless elegance 

A very special gift for a very special person . . . exquisite Waterford lead crystal. 
Renowed throughout the world, Waterford crystal is blown by mouth and cut by hand, for giving to someone who's close to your heart. Waterford's famous prestigious signature is carefully etched into every piece. Gracefully designed 
Waterford stemware and lovely holloware with diamond-like brilliance make a beautiful and lasting gift for your loved one. Come in to see our shining col­ lection of incomparable Waterford lead crystal. Stemware, Lismore goblet 
(shown), 15.75, other pieces 11.25- 19.oo each. Holloware, Lismore decanter 
(shown), 82.oo, other pieces 17.5o-312.oo. A truly timeless gift. Crystal, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall. 

JOSH E’S 

M A UNIT Of AUJID STUKAS 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO T IL 9! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

SIX YEARS after a major earthquake hit a Los Angeles suburbs, there still are thousands of older buildings in the downtown section that likely would tumble if a big quake hit near the city’s heart 

Angeles director of building safety to do the sam e but “ he told me he wasn't in a position to take it on 
So 
I went on alone." 

Frank Kroeger, the man responsible for dealing with old buildings for the 
Los Angeles Department of Building and Safety, agreed he could go after 

 the old buildings without a now arditi- nice. 
"T here is probably a way you could do it. but it would bi* very c u m b e r ­ som e," Kroeger said. " I realize those buildings arc hazardous, but I would rather sec the ( tty Council give good consideration to the plan than go off half-cocked” 

Arthur Matin, vice chairm an of the 
1971 Earthquake Commission, said the m atter of old buildings “ is a tough problem. .You have to weigh the econ omit* loss against the potential loss of hum an life. I ’ m s a tis fie d the C ity 
Council is mov ing, but I don’t Hunk it s moving fa.st enough." 

Pog< 
4-B 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

Priest good February 6 thru February 9. 1977. We reserve the right to limit quantities None sold to dealers 

B O N U S B A R G A I N 
F OH W H I r f H W A S H 
ARM 6 HAMMER 
DETERGENTB,G "i% 

'Each of fhaaa advanitad itama it re­ quired lo be readily available dor tale a1 or below the edvertteed price In eech afore, etcepf a t tpeclftcally noted In thla ad." 
99° 

LO W EVERYDAY MONE f SAVER PRIC F 
CARNATION 
-V . •'* f 
•• 
• m m 
CHUNK 
E 
TUNA 

■* 
.. 6’> o2 
... (Jan s a 

C O W t V I HY UA v M O N K Y SAVER P H IC E 
AIM 
TOOTHPASTE 99. 

LO W E V E R Y D A Y M O N EY S A V E R P R IC E 
LISTERIA 
MOUTHWASH 

 a* 

 t o w I Vf PVDAV MONE V SAVE R P R I C f . ’ U 
SA Z-U QUALITY COUNTRY STYLI 
> 
SPARE RIBS 
99° 

S L O W E V E R Y D A Y M O N E Y S A V E R P R I C E 
CH KP 
HEAD LETTUCE 

E l29° 

 f 
L O W E V E R Y D A Y M O N E Y S A V E R P R I C E R f 
S A V U Q U A L IT Y B E E F 
' 
CHUCK STEAK 

 c 

 k . h i 

L O W E V E R Y D A Y M O N E Y S A V E R P R IC E 
A L L V A R IE T I E S 
* ; 
FOX DELUXE PIZZA 

13 ,- OZ 
BOX89° 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
CREAMY CALIFORNIA 
AVUCADOS 

1o»$1 

WE’RE HERE TOu 
3719 Blanco Road 
2o2o Austin Highway 
95o Bandora Bood 
134o Callaghan Road 

STORE ADDRESS 

Homebuilding in resurgence 

Homebuilding, hard hit in re­ cent years by the economic re­ cession, is making a resurgence in San Antonio. 
City Building and Zoning Dir. 
George D. Vann .lr. points to the 262 residential building permits issued by his department during January as a case in point. 
It was the highest number of permits issued for home construction in more than two years. 
$7 million 

Those permits represent more than 
$7 million in home construction, triple the value of similar permits issued in 
January 1976. 
“ Home construction is beginning to climb again," Vann said. 
“ Two years ago, in January 1975, we issued only 55 homebuilding permits, worth $1.1 million in construction. 
“ A year later, IOO permits were is­ sued for new home construction in San 
Antonio, worth some $2.3 million. 
“ Last month, the number of home­ building permits issued rose 15o per cent over the same month in 1976, 

 representing more than $7 million in construction activity.” 
Vann cited two reasons. He said more people are beginning to buy new homes again, and inventories of most major builders are depleted. 
The sudden surge in Jan u ary building permits issued by the city indicates builders and developers are preparing for the traditional summer peak in new home sales, Vann said. 
“ Several local developers took out blocks of 3o to 4o building permits at one time during Ja n u a ry ,” Vann 
. noted. 
Among permits issued during Jan ­ uary were 247 for single-family homes, two for duplexes and 13 for multi-fa­ mily construction involving 52 living units. 
Two-year high 

The single-family total also repre­ sents a two-year high for San Antonio, 
Vann said. 

City residential construction, which slumped to $43.2 million during 1975, rose sharply to $58.8 million last year, a 26 per cent increase, Vann noted. 
Arms charge hangs over m ayor hopeful 

Agency cited 

WILLIAM H. SPICE JR., left, chairman of the board of directors of the 
Edwards 
Underground Water District, hands Robert R. 
Matthews, P.E., assistant general manager of the district, the Texas Water Quality Board 
“ Chairman’s Award", which Spice received in Austin for the “ Edwards Story," a film designed to make the public aware of the 
Edwards aquifer, probably the most unusual fresh water aquifer in Texas. The EUW D was the first agency to receive the TW Q B award. 
The first award, presented last year, went to the late Stuart Long, noted state capitol correspondent. 

A man who facos a judge Monday on charges of illegally carrying a weapon plans to run for mayor in April. 
Before he does, how­ ever, Saul Jasso, 26. must go before Judge 
Raymond A. Wietzel in 
County Courtat-Law No. 
3. 
Police charge they found a 1o-inch knife in 
Jasso’s car Oct. 21. 1975. 
They allege Jasso led them on a high speed chase through the city, beginning at 
Blanco 
Road and Hildebrand 
Avenue and ending at 
11133 and S. Alamo Street near the stockyards. 

Jasso said he is a con­ cerned citizen who would like to do something for the city. 
One of his ideas for San 
Antonio is an alternate source of electricity. 
Jasso’s plan calls for use of turbine pumps. 
"It would take four or 

 five men to run the plants and it would be a lot cheaper than what people arc paying today," he aaid. 
To finance his plan, 
Jasso said he will solicit help from the federal go­ vernment and “ military generals.” 

General is speaker 

Lt. Gen. George Rhodes, vice commander of the 
Air Force Logistics Command, will speak to the 
Society of Logistics Engineers at their Tuesday meeting. 
Rhodes will discuss "Where We’re Going in Air 
Force Logistics" at tile meeting, which will be held in the Colony Room of the Holiday Inn Northwest. 
A social hour is set for 6:3o p.m. Dinner begins at 
7:3o p.m. 

Im portant notice regarding 
M ontgomery W ard advertising section in today’s new spaper. 

Due to a manufacturers sh o rtag e and transportation 
Healy we do not have sufficient stock of article No. 
2127 stereo selling for $178; No. 112o7 television sell­ ing for 79 88; No. 2366 gas ran g e selling for 329.88; and No. 4356 electric range selling for 329.88 in today’s preprint section. W e will honor our ad­ vertised prices on a customer order basis. W e regret any inconvenience thus may cause you. 

AAC ) iv r < . O M 
E K Y lh VAT Ii I J 

Kerned these top sales 
Aes win honors. 

The more our sales associates do for people like you, the more honors they win. 
And they’ve done a great job for people in the greater San Antonio area in the past year. 
They’ve done so much we had record-setting residential sales in 1976. W e’re proud of all of our sales associates, but especially these, who won top honors for their outstanding performance. 
When ever you have a home to sell ... or want to buy a home ... please give us a call. You'll find our sales associates are “ N ICE P EO PLE TO DO B U SIN ESS W ITH .” 

Top Producer 
•Calenda Hill 
San Pedro Office 

'op Listing Associate 
*Nell Smith 
San Pedro Office 
I S _ 
Top Selling Associate 
*Lotty Weidenhoffer 
Fredericksburg Rd. Office 

’Jess Warder 
Brookhollow Office 
'Cathy Warder 
’Virginia De Behnke 
Fredericksburg Rd Office San Pedro Ave Office 
•Virginia Mayes 
'Darla Cater 
Fredericksburg Rd Office Fredericksburg Rd Office 

‘Caroline Valdez 
San Pedro Office 
'SueWisnoski 
’Diana M yers 
’Jean G reen 
Fredencksburg Rd Office Fredericksburg Rd Office Brookhollow Office 

I 

Lue Conine 
Brookhollow Office 

Blanche Johnson 
San Pedro Office 
Ruth Vickery 
Fredericksburg Rd Office 

K m 

•i * / 
Jerry Schutle 
Brookhollow O ffice 

I i 
Ned Telshaw 
Brookhollow Office 

L our oi Kxm&s 
REALTORS 
■ * 
- 
O u r 5oth year 
Q 6836 San Pedro 824-o121Q5226 Fredericksburg Rd 342 321 IQ 1513o San Pedro 494-7651 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 I 9 7 7 

I pbeat. offbeat 
[ample ami picture* 
FLIP 
SIDE of the news Boneheads go 

Marcella f o r C O O T S 

JAMES BO ZON Y, left, of Amherst, Mass., attempts to make a sale of his Gilmore T-shirt 

 packing her trunk 

VENICE, Flu. (AIM - Tho grand old lady of tho circus has packed hor trunk for tho last tim e. M arcella, tho e le ­ phant. has retired 
After 29.7oo performances under the 
Big Top. there are no more hectic road tours, glittery show girls or custom - d e sig n e d w a r d r o b es for the 
7.ooo-pound star of tin4 center ring. 
The aging pachyderm w ill spend her days lazily munching apples, liny and sweet feed and roaming with giraffes and zebras iii a large m en ag erie at 
Circus World. 
Over 6o 

N obody k now s for su re how old 
Marcella is. but she's ox er HO. She w as brought by ship from Cox Ion in 1922 In those days, under tin4 importation law, elephants had to be at least six years old to make the long. hard x ox age 
She is tin' oldest of Ringling Bros 
Barnum & Bailey elephants, and for aa years a mainstay of the trax cling show 
She had a solo dance routine as tin' circus played iii 4a cities across the country each year. 
East week. M arcella’s circus friends gave her a farexvell party. There was a huge elephantshaped cake — which 
Marcella att*. And a dozen fresh-cut roses. She ate them, too. 
G ilm ore T-shirts dem and high 

AMHERST. Mass. (A P) - A Gary 
Gilmore T-s irt is on the market and selling well. its creator claims. 

“ It had to happen," said .lam es K. 
Bozony. "Someone had to do it. and it s me." 
T he s h ir ts d e s ig n e d by the 
23-year-old graduate student sell for 
$5.97) each, and demand at the Univer­ sity of M assachusetts cam pus has been so great he says he cannot keep up xvith it. 

"Let's Do It" reads the back of the shirt, quoting G ilm ore’s last xvords before a tiring squad .Inn. 17 made him 

 the first person legally executed iii the 
United States in a decade. 
Gilm ore’s name is on the front, next to a bullseye target over the heart 
Gilmore wore a shirt with a target over his heart xvhen the Utah State Prison firing squad executed him. 
"The fact that the execution becam e an event is a reflection of our taste as a cu ltu r e,” said Bozony. a native id' 
Ballston Luke, N Y. "That’s what is really absurd, not the shirts " 
But Bozony said Thursday he faces possible legal p roblem s from L aw ­ rence Schiller, a freelance journalist 

 and pnotograp h er who sign ed co n ­ tracts xx i 111 Gilmore for the killer':. story. 
"He claim s he can sue," Bozony said 
"We say baloney to that. We’re willing to agree to term s that gixe monies to the families of Gilmore's victims only. but I don’t think Schiller deserves a cent of it ." 
Fifty shirts have been sold on the campus since last week, Bozony said. adding that he’s looking to increase production and advertise nationally 
Bozony said the shirts xviii be market­ ed through his own company, In Poor 
Taste. 

DALLAS (A P) - The' board ch a irm a n of the 
Coors beer Co. is a bon­ ehead as a m atter of fait lie’s the Bonehead of tile Year 

\\ i l iu m K. (’ours a c ­ cepted the title from tin' 
D a lla s B on eh ead Club 
Friday. 
The club, dedicated to no p a rticu lar pu rp ose, cited Cool s ’ new press- tab beer cans in present­ ing the award 
Club mem bers pointed out that the p r e s s tab system results iii thumbs or lingers being plunged into the beer. "That just proves our beer is fm- gerlicking good," Coots told the group. rite press-tub system xxorks thusly first you press a spot designated on the can 
Then you press a second spot, also designated These steps break the seal on the can. 

N o th in g to it 

Then you press down on a key hole-sh a ped portion of tin' top, xx Inch folds 
(lowii into the can and proxides the opening, 
C o o t s m a rk e ted tin* system as an ecological a d va n ce, d oin g aw ay xx it Ii disposable ring-pull openers that often found their way into streets or other places instead of b ein g d isp o se d of properly 
\\ ii ha 111 C o o ts said the caus can be opened easily xx itll anything from a golf ball to the corner of a desk 
This sta te m e n t prompted the boneheads to produce a chimpanzee. xx hu h look a shot at opening one of the cans 
That experiment proved that one cannot use a chimpanzee to open one of the caus. 

BIG HEARTED GIFT... 
■V ' it 
\ % 
*mall price. 
V 
\ 

Hang your heart on a slide-through chain, give it to the one you love. Gold filled or sterling, chain included. 
Engraving slightly extra. 

OPEN YOUR OWN ACCOUNT, 
Of urn M aster Charge, Bank A mer hard, A m erican Express 

JI W I L L M S 
I O IHI WOHL D 
SINCL 18/7 

Betcha’ can’t have just one 

Voter turnout very low 

HELENA, Mont. (AIM — A voting precinct xxith- out a single registered voter was carried on state records throughout 197B. the Le xx is and Clark County recorder say s. 
Recorder Helen Kovich said Friday that after Bill 
Wade. 89 — only registered voter in Marysville’s 
Precinct No. 13 — died iii 1975. no moxe xx as made to 

 reunite precincts divided iii 1974 
Marysville, site of extensive gold strikes i i i the 
19th Century, has about 5o permanent residents but is listed in som e Western guide books us a ghost town. Mrs. Kovich said Wade, owner of tho once-fa- mous Drumlum mon Mine, xvas the only dweller on the town’s west side xvhen it was reapportioned 

Great tire value. . . 
G eneral Jet-Air III 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
SAN FRANCISCO - Babies have a way of disrupting the best laid plans, says Mrs. Byron J. Massey, the mother of newborn triplets who had planned for only two. 
She and her husband, an attorney here, had carefully prepared for a dual arrival, buying two cribs, two high chairs and a twin stroller. 
“ Now we need a side coach or a trailer or som ething," Mrs. Massey said, after giving birth Thursday to two boys and a girl at St. L uke’s 
Hospital. 
But three won t be a hard number for the family to get used to, admitted 
Mrs. Massey, a Burlingam e resident. 
The family now has three sets of birthdays on Feb. 3 — the triplets, their father and their paternal grand­ mother, she said. 
Your feet will fa ll o ff 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CONCORD. N.H. - Whoever stole an 
Oriental prayer rug valued at $3,ooo from an exhibit at the New Hampshire 
Historical Society may have gotten more than he bargained for. 
John Gregorian, a spokesman for the corporation that owns the 19th Century 
Kirghiz rug. says an “ awful curse" is cast upon anyone who steals such a rug. 
Gregorian said the rug was woven by m em bers of the fierce Kirghiz tribe that roamed central Asia in the late 
18oos. As far as M o sle m s are c o n ­ cerned, he said, "You just don’t steal prayer rugs." 
Cheetah is out in cold 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CINCINNATI — Zebras and elands are kicking up their heels in the snow, lions and panthers are more alert and the cheetah won't com e iii under any circumstance. 
"It’s really interesting how animals from the subtropics can adapt to the cold weather,” said Fd Maruska, dir­ ector of the Cincinnati Zoo. 

S iz e 6 SO-lo tu b e le s s B la c k w a ll 1795 

Plus I 75 Federal Excise Tax 

A great tire for economy-minded shoppers! 
Features a rugged four-ply construction . . . twin-tread design . . . and power curve shoulders. Whitewalls comparably priced. 

RODEO WEEK SPECIAL! 

Save 1o% on Dingos, Acme and Dan Post Western boots 
35" ™ 685o 

R e g u l a r l y 4o.oo to 75.oo, you save 4 o1 to 6 51 a pair on thej»« good­ looking, great fitting Western styled boots by some of the top rankers' 
From our collection, the ‘Rockwell’, left, with round butte toe and walking heel, in tan Benedictine full grain leather with leather lining, reg 75 oo, now 58.5o. The ’Gunsmoke,' right, with brown cowhide foot and top composition outsole, and narrow toe, D width only, reg 4o OO, now 35.99. 
Other styles in sues 6 ‘ a to ll, 12D or 9 to ll, 12B Men s Shoes, Down­ town. North Star, Windsor Park and Austin Charge your choice1 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 
JOSKE’S 

A UNIT OI A l l l l P STOAKS 

SIZE 
F E X 
PRICE 
7oo-13 
1.95 
21.95 
IC78-14 
2.o1 
23.95 
E78-14 
2.23 
24.95 
I F78-14 
2.37 
26.95 I 
IG78-14 
2 53 
27.95 
IH78-14 
2 73 
29.95 | 
I F78-15 
2.4o 
25.95 
LG78-15 
2.59 
27.95 J 

29.95 I 

I T» 

 lo o 
I I 

CH j 

2.79 

IL78-15* 
. 
3,o9 
38.95 
1 5.6o-15“ 
1.77 
21.95 

‘Available in white sidewalls only 
* ’For Volkswagens 

This week only! 
Oil change and filter 
888 

Changing engine oil and filter at regular intervals can help prevent costly repairs. Out experts will install up to 5 qts. of Quake State Super Blend motor oil, and a new famous make oil filter this w eek at a special low price! 
Please phone for a time-saving appointment, 

A UMH Of ALLIED STORES 

[OSKINS CAH CABE CENTER 
E Commerce, 227-4343 or 
-1868 Open daily 8*5:3o 
Monday aud Thursday 8:3o-3:oo 

GENERAL TIRE SERVICE 
8415 McCullough, 344-9291 
19G2S W Military Dr , 924-4411 
Open daily 7:3o-6:oo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Greek, Turk Cypriot leaders move to end long impasse 

IC S ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
A T H EN S 
— 
Under pressure from Ankara. 
Turkish Cypriot leaders are showing some flexi- 

SO YOU WANT TO IE AN 
..APARTMENT 
' MANAGER? 

An in-depth, all day 

 introduction to the 
■ '*.}. • jj 
. . , pU ‘ ■' 
-. • 
' business of managing 

 apartments. 
Registration! $ 2 o .o o . ‘ 
" ‘ • 
■; 
• 
Sal., Fab. 19,9 A.M. 
Alonio Savings Tower 

Call: 828-6328 

 bilify in the political impasse that has gripped 
Cyprus for 13 years. 
In the hope that the 
Carter Administration will take a friendlier at­ titude. Creek Cypriot 
President Archbishop 
Makarios is doing tht* same. 
Meeting 
The most dramatic re­ sult of these shifts was the meeting between 
Makarios and Turkish 
Cypriot leader 
Kalif 
Denktash last week. It was the first between the two leaders since the 
Turkish Cypriots walked out of the central go­ vernment in 19H4 While 

 it was hardly a 
“ breakthrough.” as Ma­ karios described it after­ wards. it was the most positive step taken in years. 
The two sides are still far apart 
But both have aban­ doned the rigid positions they clung to so stead­ fastly since the Turkish invasion of the Island in 
1974. which ended with the Turks in control of nearly 4o per cent of the island. 
It was Makarios who. in an interview last month, got th(“ movement started. Ile indicated that, under certain con­ ditions. he might aban­ 

 don his opposition to a federalized system in­ volving separation of the 
Greek and Turkish com­ munities on Cyprus. 

Response 

This prompted Denk­ tash to propose a meeting to discuss “ a transition­ al. bicommunal adminis­ tration.” At the meeting, 
Makarios reported Denk­ tash offered to negotiate a Turkish withdrawal from about H per cent of the land the Turks now hold. 
This wasn’t enough for 
Makarios. but he added that Denktash “ said his offer was negotiable.” 

Saudis’ soft sell working 

Y O U N G and K a u n d a s h a re a lig h t m om ent 

RIYADH. Saudi Arabia 
(A P) — “ Speak softly but hold a fat check­ book" that is the stra­ tegy the Saudi Arabia is using to extend its in­ fluence within and out­ side tin* Arab world. 
Together with its moderation on oil prices, which it sees as benefi­ cial to Western Europe, this is certain to make 
Saudi Arabia a major 
Arab interlocutor of the 
Carter administration in 
Washington. 
Crown 
Prince 
Ka lid. 

2o% off all stone rings. 
The savings are good as gold. 

Reg. $185. Ladies’ 14K 
Reg. 99.95. Ladies’ gold diamond and 
14K gold diamond sapphire ring Sale $148 and ruby ring Sale 79.96 

Reg. 62.5o. Ladies’ diamond ring in a 
14K gold rose setting. 
Sale $5o 

Reg. 49.95. Ladies’ diamond promise ring set in 14K gold 
Sale 39.96 

Kaunda makes plea for 
U.S. intervention in Africa 

ZANZIBAR. Tanzania 
(A P) — President Ken­ neth Kaunda of Zambia said Saturday that inter­ vention by the United 
Stat<*s iii support of black majority rule in southern 
Africa would help avoid bloodshed 

But he warned visiting 
U.S. envoy 
Andrew 
Young. “ Time is short." 
Young, the U.S. am­ bassador to the United 
Nations, met Kaunda on a goodwill and factfind­ ing tour undertaken at the request of President 
( arter. The two talked for an hour at the water­ front Bwawani Hotel on this tropical spice island iii the Indian Ocean vv here Tanzania is clos­ ing a week-long political celebration including v i- sits of neighboring leaders. 

Airline takes off 

N A IR O BI. Kenya (A P ) - Thou­ sands of Kenyans danced and cheered Saturday as a jetlin ler touched down at Nairobi airport on the inaugural flight of Kenya A ir­ ways. an “ instant airline'* symbo­ lizing the steady deterioration of the three nation East African Economic 
Community. 

Kenya quickly set up its own air­ line last week after the financially troubled East African Airways — owned 
Join tly by com m unity members Kenya, Tana/ania and 
I guanda — went out of business. 
Kenya and Tanzania blamed each 
^ other for the airline's collapse, and 

“ Let the I S fake ovcr the leadership iii pursu­ ing majority rule iii southern Africa if they arc interested in avoiding 

 the dispute escalated Friday when 
Tanzania sealed its border with 
Kenya. 

The N airobi governm ent ex­ pressed deep concern Saturday over the Tanzanian action and called on its neighbor to return any Kenyan nationals and Kenyan owned a ir­ craft and vehicles trapped in Tan­ zania. 

Tanzanian authorities reportedly impounded several hundred Kenyan vehicles and several Kenyan-regis­ tered light aircraft, detained sever­ al Kenyan drivers and suspended flights bv Kenyan eircruft. 

 racial confrontation complicated 
In ideolo­ gical confrontal ion.” 
Kaunda told reporters after his talk with the 

44-year-old ambassador 
“ We want it peacefully solved. If it continues we'll fight to the end. 
“ U.S. intervention. would help us avoid bloodshed. All I can say is time is short. What I would like to say is that t he Carter adm inistra­ tion should take the lead iii helping solve the 
Rhodesian situation, the 
Namibian situation and indeed the southern 
African situation 
Kaunda made clear he did not mean m ilitary intervenion. but beyond that did not say what ac­ tion he expected of the 
United States. “ Who am I to bdl the U.S. what to do?" he asked 

Substantive 

Young told reporters his conversations vs itll 
African leaders gathered for the Tanzanian cele­ brations were "far more substantive and even moderate’* than their public statements and his briefing notes had led him to expect In addition to Kaunda, he has had talks with 
President 
•I u I ms 
Nygrere of 
Tanzania and the leaders of Burundi. Rwanda. 
Somalia and the C omoro islands. 
Young said he did not consider the prospect of 
Marxist governments 

 sprouting in southern 
Africa a threat to the 
United Stall's. 
“ What is a Marxist government?'" Young continued “ ll Angola is a Marxist state and its major trading partner is the United States, that does not worry me." 
Assurances lie said Nyerere had assured him that “ in truth no African nation will become Commu­ nist’' 
“ lie said there may be iiitcllecutual Marxists among the leaders, but that didn't mean they were going to set up 
Communist states.” 
“ One of the most wholesome things about our administration is that ... it won t be paran­ oid about Communism." 
Young said 
From here. Young flew to Nigeria. 
Thousands of persons celebrated the merger of 
Tanzania's two main political parties at a live-hour spectacle of marches, songs and speeches at 
Peace 
Stadium on the outskirts of Zanzibar. 
Young, accompanied by Tanzania’s U N. Am­ bassador Salim Salim, watched iii the afternoon heat as soldiers, policemen, workers and schoolchildren goose- stepped into the stadium to the music of a military baud. 
Joining to form the new Revolutionary party were the Tanga illy ika 
African National Union on the Tanzanian main­ land and Zanzibar is- land's Afro-Shirazi par­ ty. 
The merger is de­ signed to offer a closer economic and ideological bond between largely au­ tonomous Zanzibar, with 
IG rich exports of copra and cloves, and the im- povertslied mainland 
Tangany ika and Zan­ zibar were joined to form the I lilted Republic of 
Tanzania iii 19H4 

 the No 
2 man in the kingdom, will likely be the first Arab leader to meet with President 
Carter when he visits 
Washington, probably in 
March 
Message 
His message, reflect­ ing this country's emerging role, will be something like this: 
“ We are moderate on oil prices, we are propping up your other 
Arab allies, we are trying to hold communism at bay in the Middle East and 
Western Europe. Please do everything to promote a fair and speedy settle­ ment with Israel.” 
With the biggest petroleum reserves in the world, its huge mar­ ket for Western products and because it is leader of the Organization of 
Petroleum 
Exporting 
Countries 
OPEC. Saudi 
Arabia figures Carter will have to listen care­ fully. 
Hard times in Europe can be alleviated by de­ cisions made in this de­ sert capital 
By raising oil production by IO per cent and making its oil cheaper than that of other 
OPEC nations, it hopes to help Western Europe’s economic recovery and keep Communists out of governments. 
Aiding Egypt 
With the enormous funds at its disposal, 
Saudi Arabia is largely propping up Egypt. It also helped end the fighting in Lebanon, eas­ ing 
S y ria ’s position there, and is reintroducing Jordan in­ to the Middle Eastern equation 
In addition, it is com­ batting Marxism in the 
Arabian Peninsula and trying to avert the in­ crease of Soviet influence all around it. 
“ There s no doubt about it. they are mani­ festing their influence as never before and are now a new power in the Arab world.” said a Western diplomatic source here 
The style of Saudi di­ plomacy is one of pa­ tience and persistence. no fireworks in public, but a lot of hospitable armtwisling in private 
It exerts itself on a con­ tinuous stream of foreign visitors coming to see 
King Khaled. or Prince 
Fahd. 
The crucial Saudi role in th** Lebanese civ il war marked the coming of age of Saudi power. where previously the 
Saudis had felt inhibited by Egypt. 
Saudi handling of the reconciliation of Egypt and Syria on the Leban­ ese question after be­ coming the financial hacker of both countries following the 1973 Mi­ deast war-was described by a diplomat here as 
"masterful.” 
Champagne, gossip gush at OPEC bash 

NEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

VIENNA — The Iranians didn t talk much to the Saudis, but the oil cartel’s big bash was nevertheless one of tho best parties this city has seen lately. 
The Chinese Embassy turned out in forte, the salmon was superlative, there was a lievy of exotic beauties, champagne flowed like crude from a desert gusher, and the conversation was mostly about the current oil price war and the future of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 
“ Oh. OPEC will survive the present strains, a Kuwaiti said airily. The cartel’s official optimism was echoed by many others in talks with Western guests Alxiut everybody spoke Eng­ lish. even Arabs among themselves. 
New leader 

Give someone you love a new you to look at. 
Now, at special prices. 

Gimme Curl special 16 88 Custom conditioners make it your personal recipe for soft, natural looking curt Shampoo cut. set included 
Frosting special 18 88 Caress your hair with color From a sprinkling of sunshine to bold accents We re the experts Toner and styling included 
The JCPenney Beauty Salon 

South Park Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 
923 5461 
654 1565 

Chaffs it. 

The 13-country coalition of oil ex­ porters threw its gala. a buffet dinner, to introduce its news secretary gener­ al. All Mohammed Jaidah of Qatar 
Welcoming hundreds of diplomats, high officials anil other guests in the slightly decadent splendor of the 
Sehwarzenberg Palace, a one-time princely residence rented for the oc­ casion. O PEC s new administrative chief look rather like a junior execu­ tive of an international bank working hard to spread go*»d will. 
Jaidah, who wore a Western-slyle i suit. is 35 years old ami has a London i master s degree iii petroleum science 
[ Ile has for the last lit years been i working in his rich emirate s oil es­ tablishment, lf the chatter at the party this past j week hail been monitored, one would probably have found that the person ut) i 
I who was menttoiiEEi mod often wasn t fun 
•re at all — Sheik Ahmed /akl Va- Dee mum Saudi Arabia * oil munster a|uj 

 about the Saudi, no matter Ulm might listen 
“ Valliant is an inflated balloon, and you know what happens when a balloon is blown up too m u ch " an iranian said. Ile declared himself convinced that tin* price war lietween his own nation and Saudi Arabia had been un­ leashed essentially by Valliant 
A Saudi, speaking to a separate cluster of party guests, said: “ Yamani or no Yamani — the basic fact is Iran in ‘ill years won t have any oil to export, and WL' will ” 
Such remarks, even more than the lavish hospitality made the OPEC party a huge success with diplomats, who love to have something to report to their home governments, and the 
V lennose. who adore gossip. 
Bitterness 
Many guesti came away with the impression that the oil price conflict despite soothing OPEC statements is accompanied by considerable personal bitterness. espcectally lietween rei of the cartel s amli Arabia, and ib 

•pre- scuta! iv t member. 
Iran 
At the last meeting of tIii conference iii Doha, Qatar, In iran and ll) other countries dt raise prices for crude oil b; cent. whereas Saudi \rubia and thi 
I nited Arab Emirates announced price merci 
Austrian 

No 
I 
No 2, 

OPEC 
15-17 alod to 
III per 

The humans had ti lim to say froed 

 o ut only i t»er cent at the OPEC party also talked about Yamani They said the powerful Saudi oil chief had vowed never to set loot In V ienna ogam after he was kidnaped together with other musters, by pro Palestinian tel­ ls at the OPEC contemn-a* here in tuber I9«'I 
I ie prisoners wert- 
( ted to Algeria aud eveotoulk 

 s 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 
Specials like these tell you it's our 
IfB M fflfflfl Happy Home 
-reft If VT* ~ V 
. .. - . 
IL- >:„j .■ L 
O 
^ I ^ 
I 
• 
* ii J -■* - 
- ,#•* ** 
— 
I 
* g —— 
*“ 
— 
• n m m a I rn . 
‘ I * 
‘ ’ 
2^. 
~ 
_ w 
U l v 
/ I 
.SA g— 
- 
- 
- 
» “** 
■**“ “ 
— 

 m 
* 
I 
' M 
. 
.. . A 
. i y 
. w 
" t o n 
- 
* 
o 
" * 
•rn 
*- 
'*■*■*’ 
■ ■ 
7,” rn. ,, 
‘ V I a* 
-o'* 
’** 
V T ^ 
- I w- 
8*, « 
< ■» ?*rM 
; / 4 f 
:t Pinch 
_ T(- A~M« ‘''I*' 
^ 
V 
*"♦' * 
-'i pleated 

 d r a p e s 
- 

I r - ■ 
1 ^ 
^ 
*■'' 
,• 
.• 
Special 

Thousands walk out on Gandhi 

 ten cheering only when 
Congress workers sta­ tioned throughout the crowd began shouting and clapping in support of the prime minister. 
Mrs. Gandhi reiterated her charge that the more than halfdozen opposition! parties uniting against! her rule were a “ hotehji pot of a combination.” 
| 
“ They have cornett together to weaken the! central government and/ cause instability in the, country in the name of< democracy,” she said. 
She publicly reaf­ firmed her “ total faith in democracy," declaring, 
“ Democracy has been, is 

Decorate your home with these beautiful drapes. Choose from an assortment of solid colors, now at this special price. 

 and w ill remain in In ­ dia." 
But she warned that her government would not tolerate violence or attempts to disrupt the election. She said she had already received reports of attacks on Congress workers, and she said one member of the youth wing had been murdered a few days ago. 

Mrs. Gandhi relaxed her emergency rule last month, freeing many political prisoners and scheduling the March national elections. In ­ dia’s first in six years. 
Several non-Commun- ist opposition parties im­ mediately formed a coalition aimed at ending 
Mrs. Gandhi’s 11-year-old rule. 

Warning 

Last week her senior cabinet member 
Agriculture 
Minister 
Jagjivan Ram, resigned and joined other Con­ gress dissidents in form­ ing a new anti-Gandhi party. They denounced 
“ tendencies toward de­ spotic rule” in the party and government. 

India’s national news agency reported Satur- jay that Nandini Sat- pathy, one of the Con­ gress leaders who re­ signed with Ram. is be­ ing investigated by a special government commission. 
Peking press frets about f4' 

AGtNCt ft ANCI rttsst 
PEKIN G — The official Chinese press is warning against the possibility of a renewed political plot by the “ sworn supporters” of Mao Tse-tung’s widow and her alleged “ accomplices.” 
The warning first appeared in the Chinese Com­ munist party’s ideological review, Red Flag, and was reprinted on the front page of Saturday’s editiou of the official party newspaper, People’s Daily. 
The author said there was something “ unba­ lanced” about the way the national movement was developing against what the party leadership calls the “ gang of four," the party leaders who were arrested last fall and charged with trying to seize control of the government after the death of Chair­ man Mao. 
The four are Mao’s widow, Chiang Ching, and three other leaders of the so-called “ radical” wing of the parly. Wang Hung-WM, Chang Chun-chiao and 
Yao Wen-yuang 
The article said that at some levels there appeared to be a degree of complacency with successes already achieved and a tack of awareness of the seriousness of the continuing struggle against opponents of Mao’s successor, party Chairman Hua 
Kuo-f eng 
Re<l Flag warned ^gainst the “ ever widespread" error of undereat!mating the enemy, saying that the 
“ unmasking" of the gang of four was indeed a great victory but that such an enemy never became resigned to defeat. 

For other great buys, shop the JCPenney catalog. JCPenney 

Charge it, or ask about our convenient layaway plan. 

McCreless • Northwest Conter • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

Sears THE GREAT INDOO( V W S . to 3o% OFF 

 on All made-to-measure draperies 

M ade-to-m easure draperies go to great lengths (and widths!) for a fabulous fit. r® Choose from an array of casual ami formal s in solids, prints, textures, even rod- pocket sheers. Wide assortment of colors. 
Pick from 4 top treatments. Match- tiebacks also available. 

H oreV a sam ple of Soars D rn p rn priers 

S u n s* '! S it i|> . 

 lip to tft-in. 
I)ra|H ‘* l i d i h . 
Ii. gnltir 
P rice 
Sale 
P rice 

R ussel series 
$2o.oo 
1 6 .o o 

A m ber -pries 
$28.oo 
2 2 IO 

(loyal B lue series 
$34.oo 
2 7 .2 o 

C a rd in a l series 
$42.oo 
2 o . IO 

K m erald seri*s 
$52.oo 
5 6 . 4 o 

S eam less sh eers 
$44.oo 
3 5 .2 o 

Sea-: INCOME 
TAX SERVICE 

 bv H»R BLOCK 

Also on sale . . . bedspreads iii standard sizes. Twin, full, queen or king, available in a selection of matching fabrics! 
Custom Shop 
SAVE 4 WAYS! 

25% to 75% O ff Fabric 
25% Off Sheers 
25% O ff Lining 
• 25% Off Upholstery 
Fabric 
Choose from a wide selection of custom drapery fabrics, coordi­ nating sheers, and upholstery m aterial. Call Sears Custom 
Shop now! 

Call for FREE estimate 

Downtown Plaza M o m - .... 2 2 8 - 4 1 2 3 

M ilitary Drive Store 
2 2 8 - 3 o 2 3 

C entral Park Store .. 2 2 8 - 5 1 2 3 

W M 

M o o n s h o t 

T e n d e r M o m e n t s 

1o% to 26% OFF 

Bath Colormates in up to 15 hrilliant colors! 

Bath size 
Uvular *3.<>‘) 299 
24x36 in. rug 
Regular $4.99 3 
74 

Luxurious bath towels 
Soft and absorbent 1oo% cot­ ton. Velvety shearing reverses to looped terry. Up to 15 solid colors plus coordinating pat­ terns! 
$2.39 Hand towel ........... 2.15 
$1.o9 Wash cloth.............. 98* 

Matching accessories 
$18.99 Upright hamper 14.24 
$17.99 Bench hamper ... 13.49 
$6.99 Waste basket 
6.29 
$6.99 Brush caddy ......... 6.29 
$1o.99 Scale ........... 9.89 

Bath rugs and carpets 
Machine-washable plush ny­ lon pile. 
$7.99 27x48-in. ru g 
5.94 
$5.99 Contour rug .......... 4.19 
$6.99 Fringed ru g ........... 5.21 
$2.99 Standard lid cover 2.64 
$3.99 Oversize lid cover .. 3.54 
$6.99 Tank cover............ 6.21 
$33.99 5x8-ft. carpet .... 25.19 
$24.99 5x6-ft. carpet 18.71 

Shower curtains 
Drape the bath with color! 
Vinyl liner. 
$24.99 Double drape ..... 18.39 
$19.99 Single drape 
15.99 
$16.99 Window curtain 
15.29 

\* k about N *a r* «*«*•«!• t (dun- 

Where America shops 

• Linen* Department 

2o% OFF on all framed pain tings and reproductions 

Mig M ixing.* on our #*»»I«rt* collection of hand- pit in ted o i l * and quality reproduction*! Land­ 

 s c a p e s . -till life, ah*traet* and much more. 
J i i *! a f e w a r e * l i o w n here come in and see them all during our * a l c ! 

Just a few of the m any buys 

I iger, 21x28 in., regular $49.99 ..... 
39.97 

Moonshot. 37x37 in., regular $34.99 ... 27.97 

Sunset Ship*. 29* 11 in., regular $39.99 31.97 

Hotel, 37x37 in., regular $*39.99 ...........31.97 

P rim a *era, 3ox36 in,, regular $44.99 ...35.97 

Foxy Lady, 341* jx.IO1 • in., reg. $44.99 .. .35.97 

Tender moment*, 2 K 2 o in., regular $24.99 

19.97 

Firewood Home, regular $49.99 
........ 39.97 
Broken Silence, regular $29.99 
„........ 23.97 

• I . i l l is p l 

Prices Loud thru Sul., Feb. 9th 

 a* AM# «nt»< * B O I H 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Atomy Hock 

I l o t . Ut,*** it I Ma.'a *»tnir 

N t l n k i t l *tl X*,* arr* * 
Mom «»d I bur* U III W 
XII itiho lite** *1. til ti 

II.litters Hi it* Muir 

It! IM *'*'teuton H a 
XI o r i Io u N u . 
H . Mi H 

I o o lit e ) C a lk b itte r 
N *n I** art* al I 
I Hi 
'to w I tim Stet 
VuttkX 

 s Carpet SALE 

What an assortment! Colors, textures, great patterns! 
' SAY E *2 lo *5 sq. yd. 

Carpet and Drapery Cleaning 
.................... 656-81oo 

Where America shops 

SKA Ka, Hoi. HUI K AN UCO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Sears 

$ 3 .5 o Grand Finale Cushion 
1.75 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Feb 6 19 7 7 
Sewer bills to rise soon 
Sears Save *6o 

Choose 6-in. Innerspring or 
Foam Mattress and Foundation 

Regular *139.9o Choose 216- coil innerspring or 6-inch thick serofoam urethane quilt top mat­ tress. Both have printed cotton cover. The innerspring has Vi An. of urethane foam over tufflex cel­ lulose pad over coils and match­ ing 45-coil foundation. Sold in sets only. 

R eg u lar prices in 1 9 7 6 Catalog 

YOUR CHOICE 

Twin size 

$ 8 .9 9 F o o tlig h ts 
E n c o r e , hold patterned, densely tufted in Ion pile c a r p e t, cushion hack. Easy to install. 

$ 1 o . 9 9 New Era I thick sculptured cut and loop, in (> multitudes, til stain-resistant u> Iou pile. 

$ 1 2 . 9 9 
A m e r ic a n D r e a m , 
-liag plush T r c \ir a " polyester p ile c a rp e t in lo s h im m e ry tonc-on-toiic colors. 

$ 1 o . 9 9 C a b a r e t , p a tte rn e d shag plush c a rp e t o f n ylo n p ile. C o lo r fu l p r in ts in hold patterns, <) lines. 

99 

 sq. yd. 

99 

 sq. yd. 

97 

 sq. yd. 

H P 
• 
I win SAVE * 3 o 
Innerspring Mattress or Foundation 

R e g u la r $89.95 Pretty floral print cover over a sturdy 348-coil mattress. Fill your nights with restful sleep. Matching floral cover on foundation. 

R egular $1o9.95, full inallrt’-s or Inundation .. ...... 79.88 each 
T w in si/e 

Ask about Sears C red it Plans 

Price* on C arpeting Cond thru Feb. 2 8 lh 
Prices on Mattresses l>ood thru te b . 12th 

Ittmnlottii IM.i/.» sum, so!,,!.,,! ai Nay ar ry» 
Mum. and I bur*. ** .IU *» 
All u ih n day* UutU-l* 

Mditur* U rn r ^(»rr al llrtisinHm Md. 
Mini thru >«l. 

I rnlral Park Starr 
'San IVdru al 
I IU 
Mow. thru Sa|. 

JAMES E. WINDUNGER 
Panel chief picked 

A new chairman of »he 
Santa 
Rosa 
M edical 
Center’s Friends of Santa 
Rosa committee has been appointed by the center’s board of directors. 
He is James E. “ Jim ” 
W indlinger, m anaging p a rtn e r of P eat. Mar- wfck, M itchell A Co., certified public accoun­ tants. 
Windlinger, 39. of 4o1 
Squires Row, succeeds 
Robert Pineus, San An­ tonio businessman, who held the post since 1973. 
Pincus will continue to serve the board of directors as vice chair­ man. 
Assistance 
The Friends of Santa 
Rosa is composed of bu­ siness and professional persons and other indivi­ duals who assist the me­ dical c e n te r in public education and e n c o u r­ agement of philanthropy. 
Wrin dling er is a g r a ­ duate of Central Catholic 
High School and St. 
M a ry ’s 
U niv ersity , where he earned an ac­ counting degree in 199o. 
He joined Peat, Mar- wick, Mitchell & Co. in 
I96o and a year later ob­ tained a certified public accounting certificate. 
W in d lin g er’s wife, 
Marie, also is active in volunteer work at the 
Santa Rosa. 

Sewer bills generally do not get a lot# of public attention or criticism, espe­ cially when compared to gas and elec­ tric bills which seem to rise geometri­ cally. 
But sewer bills may soon follow suit over the next six years and beyond as a result of the Congress-passed Clean 
Water Act. 
The goal of the act is to make all the natio n ’s w aterw ay s fishable and swimmable by 1983. 
The local financial impact of the 
Clean Water Act is beginning to he felt. 
The City of San Antonio this year will spend $6 million for a study alone. 
Runoff 
The study is to determine the best way to reduce the amount of storm water runoff taken in by the city’s sewer mains. 
When too much water flows into the lines, the sewer system overflows, sending raw sewage into the San An­ tonio River and its tributaries. 
The $8 million is only for a study. 
The results of the study will determine how much it will cost to strengthen the sewer m ains to meet the a c t’s re ­ quirements. 
Because the city’s sewer system overflows in rainy w eather, new subdivision requests for sewer services arc being reviewed individually by tin* 
City Planning Commission with the 
Clean Water Act in mind 
More strain 
Each time a request is approved, the sewer capacity becomes further strained and will cost more to improve later. 
But more important, a comprehen­ sive, two-tier plan is being put together by local officials and must be com­ pleted by 1979 in order to allow time for review before going into effect in 1983. 
Two local citizen committees now are working on the planning as set out by sections 2o1 and 2o8 of the Clean 
Water Act. 
2o1 committee 

The 2o1 committee, staffed by the 
City Public Works Department, is to plan what sewage treatment facilities, including underground mains, will be needed and where. 
The 2o1 committee also will decide sewer rate structures — who will pay what. 
The 2o8 committee, staffed by the 

Alamo Area Council of Governments, will plan what government agencies will operate the facilities, such as the city or the San Antonio River Authority or perhaps other agencies. 
Area housing developers are watch­ ing closely the progress of the citizen committees, for the decisions will help determine where people will live in the 
198os. 
In fact, some developers, or those with developer interests, have found their way onto the management com­ mittee (2o8) and are helping with the decision-making. 
Once the planning is completed, the 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will conduct a thorough review. 
EPA approval 

EPA approval is necessary for fe­ deral dollars to be allocated to built the new sewage treatment facilities. 
Ideally, the facilities planning should not occur until after the m an­ agement planning. However, the re­ verse will be true in San Antonio. 
Because Gov. Dolph Briscoe delayed his appointments to the management planning committee last year, the fa­ cilities planning is running ahead. 
When the law goes into effect in 1983, or later if extensions are granted, all discharges into streams and lakes will have to be treated to meet regulations. 
Also, urban storm water runoff will be controlled so it too will not damage or pollute waterways. 
Cost 
How much will all this cost? Some­ where between $18o million and $2oo million for the City of San Antonio alone, said Mel Sucltenfuss, assistant public works director. 
How will it be paid for? Partly by higher sew er rates — no question about it, said Sueltenfuss. How much higher will be determined during the 
2o1 planning, he added. 
A lot depends on the availability of 
•federal funds, maybe as much as 75 to 
SO per cent, and the construction schedules allowed under the act, Suel­ tenfuss said. 
However, w hen City Council passed a slight sewer rate increase in 197fi, 
Sueltenfuss told council members that what they had just approved was nothing compared to what would be needed when the Clean Water Act’s impact is felt. 

I* 
Furor.- 

Ne** tr u I ir»la 

Hobby sweeps UIL middle school meet 

Hobby Middle School has won sweepstakes awards in both se­ venth and eighth grade University 
Interscholastic League competition. 

The Northside Middle Schools Invi­ tational practice meet was held at 
Hobby. 

Karla 
Pavvlek. 
Hobby speech teacher, said more than 15o students from Anson Jones, Coke Stevenson. 
Pease, Pat Neff, Sui Ross and Hobby participated. 

Competition categories included number sense, prose reading, poetry reading, dramatic acting, duet acting, pantomime and spelling and plain writing. 

Anson Jones won a second overall in the seventh grade division and Sui 
Ross won a third. 

In the eighth grade overall competi­ tion. Coke Stevenson took second and 
Anson Jones won third. 

Winners 

Individual winners in the seventh grade spelling category included Jay Aragons of 
Anson Jones. first; Wendy Lane of Hobby, se­ cond; and Diane Hollingsworth of Hobby, third 

Winners in the eighth grade spoiling division were Melissa Vice of Stevenson. I irs!. Michelle 
Rogers of Stevenson, second; and Sandy Av ery of 
Anson Jones, third 

Seventh grade number sense category winners included Lance Mandell of Hobby, first; Michelle 
Currier of Hobby, second; and Timmy Frantzen of Pease, third 

Eighth grade winners were Mike Maze of 

Hobby, first, Steven Sa tie an ol Pease, second, and Let tic Flores of Pat Neff, third. 

In seventh grade prose reading Claudia Bueeh of Hobby took first. Mark Greaves of Hobby won second and Stacy Hunt of Sui Ross placed third 

Iii eighth grade prose reading John Ware of 
Hobby placed first. Kelly Stakelin tit Hobby received a second and Jimmy Endicott of Ste­ venson won third. 

Winners iii tile seventh grade poetry competi­ tion VU re Shan Morris of Stevenson, first; Ellen 
Warrick of Hobby, second; and Carlos Leal of 
Hobby, third. 

Eighth grade winners were Tracy Rembert: of 
Hobby, first; Dance Richardson of Hobby, se- 
•ond; and Michelle Fields of Stevenson, third. 

Those placing in seventh grade dramatics included Jesse Quiroz of Anson Jones, first; 
Bobby Hill of Sui Ross, second; and Robert 
Powell of Anson Jones, third. 

Eighth grade winners were Kevin Prather of 
Hobby, first. Mike McCoy of Hobby. second; and 
Melanic Englehart of Anson Jones, third 

Winning duet acting teams in the seventh grade division were Mike Blessum and Borane 
’IHI of Hobby, first; Todd Pow mall and Brenda 
-Mot of Hobby, second; and Karen Barnwell and 
Valerie Kepley of Sui Ross, third 

In the eighth grade competition Darrell Picard and Hobby Pearlman of Hobby placed first, 
Cindy Mores and Mar Lu Swayzc of Hobbv took second and Liz Horn and Cathy Kern of Hobby won third. 

Seventh grade pantomime division winners were Leslie Juenke of Hobby, first. Sammy 
Gibson of Sui Ross. second; and Rose Lozano of 
Alison Jem's, third. 

Eighth grade winners included Gary Chavez of 
Hobby, first; Cathy Lewe of Anson Jones, se­ cond; and Richard Hartman of Hobby, third 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

TODAY’S 

SWiEJEIPSTAK 
9 

• 1 , o 6 o 
BONUS NUMBER: 

H 
1 D 
o - o o - B 
E 1 E I E I 
The following numbers win 
TWO $5 SPURS TICKETS EACH: 

456-3o-51oo 

453-92-7226 

466-9o-2893 

Z ) t ; o _ g n - / i4 3 1 

466-58-5223 

DEADLINE: 
5 
PM M on. 
2-7-77 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW EEPST A K ES EDITOR at the Express News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FO RM O F GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEM ABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S , 

O R W EEK END EXPRESS-N EW S THIS W EEK . Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5o o EXTRA IN PRIZESI lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an ADDI* 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZESI lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE N EC ESSA RY, Entry cords also available at the Ex­ press News upon request Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday • Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

■Bi B W mb brr A D H E R E T O P O S T C A R D , P L E A S E ! mmmmmmwmn 

San Antonio Fx press 

T h e N ew s *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 77 I 
□ 
T I S 

Moil to t •(***> end N*»i iw HW AKIS 
PO Se. 258S 
Son Anlomo toot Z I?*? attin chic ut a hon otfi 

MV soc UU sec we fry mum ase Mi 
□□□-□□-□□nn 
□ 
NO 

Pleat* min me rn 
Mm 
SWI JPS! Ants end I ••eta 
Mw ta wile* e vabonptw" •* 
Kin ated belue to* (Ae neat 
VO do,s 
Pleat* en**! me ta Mi# 
SWttPMAMS IM I p»**» 
«•• *o •ade* • tub**. *»!<•*» *® at a* m,» tune 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I S Sonde, Cl Me aw IMH Met..* , #1 Mw !•(**** A WWIN 
I 
O film' a* baw !•«'#» W I Ne** 

□ I em X d h • tube- fee* I t Aw !*•***> (W M WM mw N e * . 
*♦*#»* »• *»» *«•*.« •»we 
I D * un jail • wSw< 
Mw New* mw«w a** Mw t i p e o IMSny »• <*»*. w e, 

* H tlfH O N t 
- . 

 i O O t f l l 
AAI 

C liv 
— 
— ■.... rT . 
. h a h 
MU........-.................. 

 ringtime fabrics 

C h i l d r e n ’s f a b r i c s 

44-in. Econom y broadcloth 

Sale 8 
7 
° yd. 

• For phi Vt dress clothes 
• Assorted prints, solids 
• Polyester and cotton 
• Perm a-Prest " fabric 

45-in. Bottom weight duck and canvas 

I 
4 7 yd. 

• For pants, dresses 
• Many prints, solids 
• IOO''- cotton; cotton and polyester blends 

25-in. Add-Shapc interfacing 

S p o r t s m e n r fa I > f i r s 

4 4 /4 5 -in . 
Bottom weight woven sportswear fabric 
I 6 7 
I yd. 

• For s k irt-, b lazer-, pants 
• Many p rin ts, so lid * 
** P olyester blends w ith cotton and rayon 

6o-in. Ponte De Homa double knits 
I 47 
Sale yd. 
Regular $2.4o 

For sp o rty p a n ts, sh irts 
I , n t s of Spring colors 

P e n n a - Prest 
<’ch in ese fort rd polyester 

D r e s s a n d t o p f a b r i c s 

5 8 /6 o -in . Knitted stiede-look fabric 

• F or tunics, ju n ip e rs 
• Lovely fashion solidi 
• KH'> acetate 
• 2o' rn Ion 

I 1-in. (Quilted 

 p rin ts, s« d id s 

• For y ests, jackets 
• (.real novelty prints 
• I' a»y to ear** lo r 
• P olyester and cotto n 

15-in. Shadow 
Lane prints 

2 7 yd. 

15-in. Patchwork prints 

I 
7 7 
\d . 

• F or dresses, lops 
• Latest S pring p rin ts 
• Rich, v iv i«l colors 
• t lo tio n and ray on 

• F o r m ix and m utch separates 
• ( 'ourdinnt ing patchw ork prints. 
• Polyester and cotton 

In our rubric department 

' N 
Assorted Notions 

Your 
9 
Choice 
I 

\|||»||<|IIC* 
. 
• « 
Variety of designs, 
/ I 
I stick ons. s«*v ohs ...........................— to r 
E 
■H-iii. Sewing I l.t-lu 
# — 
I yd. 75% polyester 25%* rubbr 
. 
I I non roll J 
P*K*. 
I 
Nylon ( o i l /i|»|M *r' 
- 
7 in,, 9-iR„ ami 22-in w \ t 
* I 
Assorted coK»rs ............................ 
V t to r 
JE. s**w nig Aids 
^ 
Nerd!* pills. naps. 
J 
-P I ei* (treat assortinttut ................ to r 
JI 

S O 
Your Choice mmd 

9 \ illy I H um * up<* w ith ||* m h| 9 D e n im s lio p p in g 

Hug 9 5 - l i a r y l.n k ro ck 9 V e lc ro lia r ! L a m e 

9 Iii oui Notion* departm ent 
SAVE 2o% 

 and go plaid 

Featherlite 

 zipper luggage 

1 5 w i o 2 5 
99 
OCT59 t o 

Regular * 1 9 .9 9 to * 3 1 .9 9 

Featherlite plaid zipper luggage th at’s packed with savings. Outside: plaid and solid vinyl over 3-plywood frame. Inside: printed vinyl lining. Bright nickel-plated zippers Washable inside and out. 

 a. v ti - inch Pullman, rejt. s 2g .‘*9 
2 I **x9 

Ii. 2 t -im Ii Pulbnan. 
SPU H I 
......... I *>.99 

I uggagc pious |£«)«id thru February 12th 

No! ./loo m 
11-in ch P ullm an fe ||. I I H 'W 

Where America shops 

 s* ml , , • .siMo Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Huck 

 ti*. 

Him 

 ll. * 
,i I'l vt 
Ha 

IM mHm i Um 

* . Ill) ,«l I’.it i SMH, ti, l*»l|.«l ,1* I !».(, I HI ll 
-.I 
*• MCI 

 j, 
. ,> rn." .--i-. 
‘ o •:-'' v> -; • t -.-'I. 
• ■> 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

— 
Bulletin 
Board 

'.:S- 

W H A T S tOMING UP IN! 
SAN ANTONI 
THIS WEEK 
Sears 

Finance drive begins 

The finance kick-off day for the League of Women 
Voters of the San Antonio area will be Tuesday at the league office. 1o17 N. Main St. The drive will end 
March I 
The 1977 league sponsors for the finance drive arc 
M.C. Bolden, Valrno B ellin g er, C h a rles Butt, 
Charles ('hoover. TW. Brier, Katie Ferguson, and 
Hall Hammond. 
Other sponsors are Bari Hill. John Holmgreen, 
Reagan Houston III, Mrs. Everett H. Jones, Charles 
O. Kilpatrick, and Byron Leflore. 
Additional sponsors are W W'. McAllister Sr., Dan 
O ppenheim er. Ruben M unguia, and Dr. Mason 
Reddix. 
C o-chairm en of the finance drive are Boggy 
Birkeland and Esther Curnutt. 
USO holds open house 

The San Antonio USO Club will hold an open house from I to H p.m. Sunday to celebrate USO’s With anniversary of worldwide service to A m erica’s armed forces. 
The USO in San Antonio, 419 S. Alamo St., is the largest in the world. In 1976, over 169,999 men and women visited the club. 
The USO has become synonymous with civilian concern for the welfare of service personnel with its recreational centers and USO shows since 1941. 
During the open house, the USO will offer free refreshm ents and guided tours of the facility for all visitors, civilian and military. 
Driving courses offered 

The G reater San Antonio Safety Council will offer defensive driving courses at the following times and locations: 
• Brooks AFB, Kilday Hall - Building 189, from 
6:39 to 9:3o p m. Monday through Wednesday. 
• 
M acArthur High School. 2923 
Bitters Road, from 6:39 to 9 39 p m. Tuesday through Thursday. 
• Churchill High School, 12o49 Blanco Road, from 
6:3o to 9:3o p m. Tuesday through Thursday. 
• 
G reater San Antonio Safety Council Head­ quarters, ill W. Laurel St., from 8 a m . to noon 
Saturday. 
Lee High School, 7815 Orland Bark Drive, from 
6:39 to 9:39 p.m. Monday through Wednesday. 
For registration information, telephone the safety council office at 225-3o29. 
I FSA slates workshop 

The South Texas Bersonnel and Guidance Assn will sp o n so r a “ New C reativ e A pproaches to 
Counseling" workshop Wednesday on the University of Texas at San Antonio campus. 
Registration fee for the workshop, to be held in mom 2.o1.24 of thi* Humanities-Business Building, is 
$2.5o. 
Dr. Robert Lindberg, assistant professor of edu­ cational psychology’ at UTSA, will be consultant for the workshop for professional counselors 
Registration may be completed by mailing the lei* to Marjorie Griffin, 9918 Saddle Trail. San Antonio. 
Tex. 78225. 
Ad awards Wednesday 

San Antonio Advertising Federation s lith annual 
Addy Awards for the best prepared area ads will be held at 7 p.m . Wednesday at Villita Assembly 
Building. 
The 1977 aw ards drew a record 482 entries from 43 businesses, advertising agencies and designers. 
Entries were accepted in 76 categories. 
First place winners will be eligible to compete in 
19th district Advertising Federation of America competition 
Reservations max be made through the SAAF office. 923-2949 
Common Cause lo report 

Texas leaders of Common Cause will refxirt on the 
1977 legislative agenda of the public interest organ­ ization at a meeting at 7 p. rn. Monday at laurel 
Heights Methodist Church 
Reporting on plans for the watchdog group will be 
Director Katy Davis and Bill Emory, the registered lobbyist of Common Cause. 
Restaurateur to speak 

Victor J 
Batrizi. Texas Restaurant Assn prosi dent, will make his official visit Wednesday to tin 
San Antonio Restaurant Assn 
Batrizi will speak on " W e ’re iii the People 
Business" at a 7 p rn. dinner at Woodlake Country 
Club on Rittiinan Road. 
For reservations, call Luke Pustules. 342 1321: 
.lack Richmond. 826-9397. or Richard Hunt, 828-1493 
Blood pressure clinic set 

The San Antonio Chapter of the American Heart 
Assn. will sponsor a free blood pressure check 
Saturday at Mcereless Shopping Center from Kl a ni until 9 p m. 
Nursing students from St. Philip s College will do the screening 
Mid East expert speaks 

Dr. Paul S. Riebenfeld, international lawyer specializing in Middle East affairs, will speak at the 
Jewish Community Center, 193 W 
Rampart Drive. at 8 p.m. Thursday 
Riebenfeld will speak on "Should Am ericans 
Trade Their Freedom for the Arab Petrol Dollars." 
He is touring the United States under the auspices of the Zionist Organization of America. Southwest 
Region. The lecture is open to the public. 
Cellist will perform 

Ft. Sam Houston recreation centers will celebrate the "P arad e of American Music" during February. 
Some of the highlights will be a performance by cellist G ilb e rt Munguia at 8 p.m. Tuesday at the 
Hacienda Recreation Center and a "big band era " night at 7 p .iii Wednesday at the Road Runner 
Recreation Center. 
Both program s are open to the public. 
Ileitis, colitis meet dated 

The San Antonio Chapter of the National Founda­ tion for Ileitis and Colitis will hold an organizational m eeting at 7 3o p m 
Tuesday in Room 299-L. 
University of Texas Medical School, 
The foundation is a non-profit research oriented organization dedicated to finding the cause and cure ol ileitis and colitis through research and education. 
Persons interested in joining the organization are invited to the meeting. For more information, call 
341-183o 
Brooks scientist speaks 

Dr. Hubertus Strughold. chief scientist at the 
School of Aviation al Brooks AFB. will be guest speaker at the San Antonio Astronomical A s s n ’s 
7:3o p.m. meeting Friday, 
The association will meet in Room 14 of the East 
Side Multiservice Center, 28o5 E. Commerce St. 
The* public is invited. 

THIS Al) IS OUR W ORD 

It i-, backed bv Sears \ d v e r t isin g P olicy w h ich re­ q u ires every a d v ertised item to b e s u p p o r te d in each store with su fficien t m erch a n d ise . . . lf w e sh o u ld run ou t o f any red u ced price item d u r in g th e sale, we w ill reord er for you at th e sale- price. T h is d o e s not apply to special p urchase, clea ran ce and c lo s e o u t sale.- w h ere q u a n tities are lim ited . 

Save *4o! 17.o cu. lf. refrigeralor-freezer 
4 1 9 95 
R egular IS 1 5 9 .9 5 

All f r o s t i e s t n e v e r tlefrust again! Huge 1.77 

 en. f t . freezer. 12.28 en. I t . refrigerate! h o l d 

 l o t s of food, ii Ital f-vv iiltli. a d ju sta b le Space- 

 m a sle r shelves. I win crispers. Hollers. 

•5o OFF 

I 1) . I C U . l l . 

 s i d e - b y - s i d e 
51995 
Regular S.5<*9 .9 .» 

All trustless 12.76 rn. ft. refrigerator, 6.34 rn. ft. freezer. Tw in crispers. 

Buy KENMORE Appliances with Confidence 

You get these Kenmore customer benefits: 
1. CUSTOMER SATISFACTION— over 9o years of it prove we stand behind what we sell. 
2. WE SERVICE WHAT WE SELL— prompt service available, and large Inventory of repair pails. 
3. DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION— these services are always available as part of your purchase price or at an additional charge 
4. QUALITY AND DEPENDABILITY— designed and manufactured to meet Sears high standards for performance, durability and dependability. 
5. WIDE SELECTION— lines with large selection of models for most families' needs and budgets 
6. CREDIT— Sears has a plan to suit most every need, including extended payments on appliances 
Ask your salesperson for full details 

$5o Off this solid-state big screen color TY 

Regular *429.95 
19-in. diagonal measure picture 

O n e - b u t to n c o l o r adjust* f o r c o lo r , t i n t , c o n t r a s t , brightness. 

I n - lin e p i c t u r e t u b e has side-by-side color guns for the proper alignm ent. 

1 o o % s o lid s t a te c h a s ­ s is for the dependable per­ form ance you want. 

S u p e r O ir o m ix ® black m atrix picture tube for vivid, realistic color. 

Kenmore. Solid as Sears 

Black and w hile portable TV 

Regular S I4 9 .9 5 
1oo% solid-state 129 
8 8 

5o35 

Sim ulated television reception 

Great second set. Black and white TV has 
16-in. diagonal measure picture anti depend­ able 1ooG solid-state chassis. Handsome black anti silver color, hide-away handle. 

4 > I o OFF Upright with beater brush head 

Regular *1 1o.o5 

• c l e a n i n g brush adjusts en rug-pi Ie 
. Has I* posh laddie; come- hand grip; apaeity bag. 

35 HO 

Visit Sears And set* our line assortment o f 
Kenmore vacuum cleaners 

SAYE *2o on heavy-duty 
Kenmore* 2-water level washer 

SALE 

Regular $ 2 6 9 .o 5 

Electric dryer s 1 9 9 

I 
29o51 

Regular $ 2 6 9 .9 5 

2-water level Kenmore washer 

2 waler levels help save water on smaller loads. Normal and short wash cycles with 2 auto­ matically pre-set temperatures. 2 4 9 

 lYrmuiient press electric dryer 
Normal, permanent press and 
9 5 
**air only 1 settings to care for all 
$ "I / | 
\ to u r washaldes. Drying tem- 
J,. peratures automatical) set. 

Sole Prices iii hffccl thru Well., lei*. 

Where America shops 

. k l , , , , " Satthfiuturn (iuurunUtd ur Yuu> A/om v h u ll 
Sears 

9 
IS.* i.i.i- ii Pl*** M o ,, 
Hilliard l»ri*r Store 
Central Park More 
NEK. UBOH HOOD STOMtX ( mu«l Hem* and trr ttre t .Soon alto al V igbhor bood More*) 

** " ” rr : XZ 
I 
L—M I U 
V alley-Hi 
H are, % -rrb n .il al 
IM O S . t . l . While IM 
I m versal C ly 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

3o% Off on 

 chain link fabric 
4 ft. 5 ft. 6 ft. heights 

 when installed by 

Sears installers 
2o% Off on 

Western Red Cedar 
4 in. x 6 ft. pickets when installed by 
Sears installers. 

Call for Free Estimate 
Downtown Store ................... 2 2 8 -4 1 3 2 
Military Drive ........................ 2 2 8 -5 o 3 2 
Central Park ........................... 22 8 -5 1 3 2 

$ 
Sears SALE! Save 
Early One'" fire detector 
99 
ONLY 
R e g u la r $ 3 1 . o 9 
H alters in c lu d e d 

\\ hy should von buy a Sears fire detector? 
J 
» rn 
I 

Seai*s E a rly O n e t ire d e te c to r can h e lp p ro tect y o u r h o m e a n d 

 f a in il) . . . m e n w h ile >ou sleep! 

2 
It can sense c o m b u s tio n ill its earliest stages . . . r \ e n b e to n * th e 

 flam es a c tu a lly a p p e a r ! 
S 

 i t s b a tte ry -o p e ra te d . . . s o ca e n a lo s s ot h o u se h o ld p o w e r w o n I 

 k e e p ii f r o m d o in g its jo b ! 

Craftsman portable electric tools on sale. *1o to *15 oil! 

 u. $37.99, satire san. Craftsman saw develops maximum '< HP, o-36oo spin. Double insulated. 
Ii. $12.99, rlual-aetion sander. Craftsman sander develops maximum 1 
HP, IOO spm no-load speed. c*. $ 3 7 .9 9 , ■Mein, drill. Develops m ax im u m Vt III*, 
o-12oo rpm no-load speeds. Reversing switch. 

Your Choice 

Ask about Sears credit plans 
Fencing, portable tools and fire detector on sale thru Sat., Feb. 26. 

,r*terior wall 

JLI a y r r One-coat latexjnterior flat paint 
Top quality leather 
HSC I 'VIC i shoes with cushioned insoles 

R egular *9 .9 9 

Warranted to cover in just one coat it is spot resistant and color fast. 
Tools clean up easily with water. 
Your choice of IO lovely colors. 

• L o n g - n e a r i n g , b l a c k l e a t h e r u p p e r s b o l d a s h i n e 

• l l e e l - t o - t o e c u s h i o n e d i n s o l e give* g r e a t c o m f o r t 

• D o u b l e lu r e r o f leat lier al h e e l fo r d u r a b i l i t y 

• G o o d y e a r welt c o n s t r u c t i o n to r a d d e d s li u p c r e t e n t i o n 

• C o m p o s i t i o n r u b b e r s o l e a n il h e e l resist g a - , g r e a s e , oil 

• T e m p e r e d s t e e l - h u n k g iv e s f ir m ar< h s u p p o r t 

»86oo5 

86oo5 
Limited warranty 
Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkmark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years shown in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for tho application of any paint. 

LATEX 
SEMI 
GU (SS 

 thira- bililv 
Color- fa*t 
7ooo3 
86oo5 
Save *3. Latex semi glo Ss 
4 99 
4 a a l. 
Easy la ir* application and cleanup. Great for kitchen and bathrooms. In IO color.. 

I ii-liio ii« ‘(l in -o lr s g iv e llit .c 

,<t v ii*** sh«»«*s <la> -lo n g c o m fo rt 

Paint on sale thru Sat., Feb. 12 

SAVE *7o 
One horsepower air compressor 

These shoes with 

 s te c l-e u p p e d to e s also on s a le ! 

•?? 9*1 ©.ford t i 99 pi 
§3o.99 ta. kSur li.'W pf 

Reg. $ 2 69.99 
Powers small tools 

One horsepower air compressor delivers o.6 
SCFM at 4o PSI. Maximum pressure is IOO 
PSL Unit includes a 12-gallon air tank, belt guard, 15-ft. air hose and air chuck. 
$ 3 4 9 .9 9 2 HP ............................ 229.99 

Provide -atety-lo r protection i ii com pliance w ilt) th e O c c u p a tio n a l Safely a n d H ea lth Vet o f 19711. 

Where America shops 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

 pulled ii i i ai ii -lore with -iiifn it ill mer- chaining . . . l f se .I ton Id in n out of am re 

 a p p l* to -pc* tai p u n h a -c, (deal atter am i 
»lo -e iiu t » | i i * s h e tc i|tia iil it ic * a le lim ite d . 

Orta hmm. a Pl*<* Nor. 
Soledad al Ni»»nu 
%ifMi M d Thor. *• Ml ‘1 
All i>ihr( day. 9i,MM» 

Military tim e -lim ai I'!. d-.iiiiHi Hd 
Mini thro '‘at. 
9 ;iU*9 

( m ind Cark -lu r. 
San Cf dm at I <w,p I (It 
VIom i lira Sat. 
9 ;.1t»-9 

San Antonio EXPRSSS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

VO LU NTEER chef N a n cy G e o rg e p re p a re s a hot, w ell balanced m e al for 6oo hom ebound senior citizens 
Regular 
*4o.99 exch meals program for elderly in need o f aides 

Is your battery winter-weary ... starting hard and lights dimming? Come in for a free check of starting/charging systems. If you need a battery, consider the Sears 48 with excellent cold crank­ ing power and reserve capacity. Fits most Amer­ ican-made cars. Stop in soon. 
Ask about the Sears DieH ard(R; battery 

B a lt e r v p e r f o r m a n c e c h a r a c t e r is t ic * ra te d f o r p o w e r a c c o r d in g to B a t t e ry C o u n c il In t e r n a t io n a l s t a n d a r d s ( C r o u p 2 i f , ) 
Number of p la te 
I m p h o u r rap acity 
C old rranking pow er 
K*~ery< cap acity 

 amie 

 na filter 
Save *3 on 
Heavy-duty 
PLUS shocks 
Save 5o*...on oil filters 

R eg. $ 1 .9 9 
A 

C h a n g e o il filte r w h e n y o u c h a n g e o i l ! M e e t s n e w ca r w a rra n ty re q u ire m e n ts. 

Regular 
$9.99 

R e g . 5 5 ' 
H F 4 q t. 

F in e q u a lity , h ig h d e te r­ gent oil. S in g le gra d e S A K 
2ft o r 3ft m o to r oil. 

 im . M 
S B 
^ arranted for its Ion;; 
I* as yo u ow n y o u r ear. 
I ‘i*i-in. piston noire 
' fluid capacity and ride 
J 
S 
I control than standard 
IHS*! 
I in. bore shocks, l its iiflpij most \m erican-tna«lc 

 ears, im port-, p ick u p -. f van-. Last, low -cost in* f 
>- stallation available 
I 
_______________ O . E . R . S h o c k * .......... 
*.<>*> 

Limit*cl warranty on Heavy-duty P L U S shock absorber for as tong aa you own tho vehicle lf Heavy-duty PLUS shock absorber fails while tho original purchaser owns tho car. it will be replaced upon return, free of charge, or the purchase price will ba refunded, lf the de- fective shock absorber was installed by Soars, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor lf the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, installation of the re­ placement shock absorber Is not included under this warranty. 
This warranty does not cover shock absorbers Installed on vehicles used for commercial purposes 

M W W IM***! 
Save *2 to *3 
| 
Engine Tune-ups 

4 or 6-cylinder 
I /\ ^ L 
Regular $ 1 7 .o o 
JL 
J T Flu* F a rt- a 

8-cylinder 
I 
A 
8 8 
Regular $ 2 o .o o 
JL V T Plus part* 

( M o n t A m e r ic a n e a r * ) 
Vie replace points condenser rotor, spark plugs. Ft A valve, air tilter: check battery and battery terminals. 
Parts extra. 

6o* off wiper blade refills anti-freeze and su m m er coolant 
3 
19 

F o r s u m m e r o r w i n t e r u m *. 
P r o v i d e s d l l - w e a t h e r p r o ­ 

 t e c t i o n . 

H O T M E A L S fo r th e M e a ls on 
W h e e ls recipients are p ack e d b y volunteer cook R e ve rsia H enry 

R e g . $ 2 . 5 9 
JI p r. 

13 to 
18 in. F it 
T r ir o , 
A n r n , S e a r * b la d e s. A ls o lit m a n y im p o r t ra rs. 
Hughes estate sued by airline 
A#2ooff I V-i-ton floor jack 

A l l s t e e l. G r e a t R « * s t a b i l i t y , l i f t s *| S' Q 
8 
8 fro m ♦ to 2 o 1 j in. J f 
T ' 

B . *4 off bumper jack 

R u b b e r gro m m e t- 
B«*g. $ I5 . * F I 

 ed e lia in lift. **l" in- 
I 
I 9 9 g e rs fo r b u m p e rs . 
J 
| 

C. *2 off jack stand 

 b a rit s u p p o rts 2 ' \ 
R e 8 ton s. 13 to 21-in. 
Z ' h e ig h t ran ge . 
% 
| 

Front End Alignnienl 

Mow! \m crican-M nde Gar- 

Regular $12.95 i n « 8 * 

F o u r-to -l lift ra tio re d u c e * lift in g ef­ fort. 

UI(|R(t CRff URIAS 

SU N D AY 
GRILLED BEEF STEAK 

SERVED WITH TWO VEGETABLE 

 m o w n a t 
CHICKEN FRIED VEALETTE 
Steel belted tires- 
Introductory price! 

Save $5.85 to $8.7o on A7g. l3 whitewall this rugged tire! 2 steel a n d o l d tire belts and 2 polyester cord plies. 

R e g u l a r p r ic e a ft e r 

M a r c h U t w ill b e $ 5 9 

Our value priced 
4-ply polyester 
Guardsman glass belted radials 

W/CREAM GRAVY ANO TWO VEGH AILES 

TUI SOAT 
STUFFED BELL PEPPER 

* 8 7 8 * 1 3 w h itew all a n d o ld lire 
A full plies of strong po­ lyester cord help provide many miles of smooth, quiet driving! 

O u tk ta n d in g low p rices fur radial tire*! 2 fiber glass belts and 2 polyester radial plies help give responsive handling ann long tire mileage. 

W/CIEO U SAUCE ANO TWO VEGETABLES 

 p lu * 1 1 .7 2 fe d e ral k arnw T it 

 p lu s 1 1 . 8 4 fe d e ra l b i r l i e T a a 

 pill* 11 H4 fe d e ral barite Ta* 

SERVED WITH TWO VEGETABLES 
R e gu lar prier whitew all 

Sear* 
(.oardxnm a and o ld lire aRTTTT whitewall 

B R 7 8 - 13 

O N 7 8 - 1 4 

£78-14 
K78-14 
FRIDAY 
CALF LIVER 

W/ONIONS ANO TWO VEGETABLES 
H78-I4 

 iA tu a O A Y 
PEPPER STEAK AND NOODLES 
I.R7H-I5 
M ou n tin g and rotation included 
T h e se P r ie e s G o o d t h r u t u b . 2 f» lh 

W IT H ONE VEGETABLE 
Ask about Sears credit plans 
CHILO S PLATE 
Sears Where America shops 
Prices Good thru Hat., Feb. 12th 
(IIVRtt CBff URIAS 
C e n t r a ! P a r k S t o re 
S an P e d r o a l L o o p f l u 

M o n . t h r u S a l. 
9 : . 'ill- 9 

M il it a r y D r i v e S t o r e 

 a l P le a s a n t o n R d . 

M o n . t h r u S a t . 
9 : . J o - 9 

D o w n t o w n P la z a S t o r e 

S o l e d a d a l N a v a r r o 

M o n . a n d T h u n * . 9:.‘i o - 9 

A l l o t h e r d a y * 9 : . iO - h 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Overpowered by high utility costs? Now’s time for Burns home 

OAK M EADOW hom e a t 2 6 o 6 Indian Ridge is typical of Sitterle Properties quality 
‘Elegance under a roof’ offered by Sitterle firm 

Oak Meadow needs no intro­ duction to th ose aw are of the finer areas for living around San 
Antonio. 
The already-established community has enjoyed n o tab le su c cess, w hile maintaining a gradual growth that in­ corporates modern luxury homes into the country-like surroundings. 

Attest to fact 

Sitterle P ro p e rtie s’ superiorly con­ structed homes attest to that fact. This impressive collection offers the buyer any num ber of one- and two-story floor plans to choose from, all featuring 75 per cent m a so n ry e x te rio rs , c e d a r roofs, pebble-finish walks and patios. 
The fine resid e n ce at 26o6 Indian 
Ridge in Oak Meadow is typical of Sit­ terle “ elegance under a roof.” The home is constructed of white stone and features an attractive colonnade across the front entry-porch. 
Inside, two areas offer an expanse of living room: a living-dining area just off the entry, with a picture window overlooking garden and, at the heart of the home, an enormous 27 by 16-foot fam ily room c o m p lim e n te d by a vaulted ceiling, white stone fireplace. 

 hearth and rustic mantel. A wet bar hides behind louvered, folding doors and, on the sam e wall, a library area with book shelves and closed cabinets. 
A free-form , pebble-finish patio lies just beyond triple-pane sliding glass doors. 

The large kitchen, also with a vault­ ed ceiling, offers, again, another din­ ing area. All-electric Magic Chef ap ­ pliances will please the cook-in-resi- denee. including the double-oven Ma­ gic Chef cooking center. A wall cover­ ing that combines moss-green formica and bamboo-motif gives this kitehen/- breakfast room a delightfully airy and 
.bright atmosphere. The custom cabin­ etry is cleverly trim m ed in bam boo­ like effect to carry out the theme. A huge chopping block is the center of attention in the kitchen, every hom e­ m aker’s dream . . A good size pantry and roomy utility room com plete the domestic picture. 
The m aste r suite is sep arate from the other bedroom wing. T he suite o ffe rs f e a tu re s such as a v a u lte d ceiling; a twin-lighted alcove for the sleeping area; sliding glass doors to the patio; skylites; dressing room with m arb le vanity; two walk-in closets, each with shoe shelves; a wrap-around 

 ceramic tile tub area; and a separate 
“ his" shower room. 
The second bedroom wing, accessi­ ble from the entry hall, features two generously sized room s, one with a walk-in closet. A super-size decorator bath is provided in this wing. too. The central hallway of the w ing is wide and has a mirrored, double-do closet at the end of it. 
The en tire hom e is carp ete d in a luxurious celery shag. The price tag is 
$57,95o, modest for 2.215 sq. ft. of ele­ gant living. 
Oak Meadow is beyond the San An­ tonio city limits; thus, no city taxes. 
Utilities are underground. Oak Mea­ dow is in the North E ast School Dis­ trict with C astle Hills E le m en ta ry , 
Jackson M iddle and C hurchill High 
School to serve educational needs. Fine recreational facilities are available to residents as a swim m ing pool, tennis courts, sports courts, clubhouse and picnic area. Major shopping is minutes away on Loop 41o. 
Open House in Oak Meadow is from 
IO a.m . until dusk Tuesday through 
S a tu rd a y ; fro m noon, S u n d ay and 
Monday. To get to Oak Meadow, drive north on N.W. M ilitary Highway ap­ proxim ately six m in u tes from Loop 
41o. 

If you are a homeowner being o v e r p o w e r e d by g r o w in g monthly utility bills, now is the tim e to invest in a Burns Co. 
“ Power Saver" home. 

Because most homes more than five years old were built without encrgy- efficiency standards, owners are left with the threat of ever-increasing uti­ lity costs and no protection from their o ld er hom e. P o o r in s u la tio n ; ill- planned heating and cooling systems; and misplaced windows all add to the wasted energy common to homes built before the energy threat becam e ap ­ parent. 
Exceed payments 
Utility costs in maintaining a home of this n a tu re can exceed m onthly payments on the home. While the value of replacing your home has increased, m any b u y ers are wary of buying a home built without energy-efficient standards in the face of today’s econ­ omy. 

The B urns t'o. set out, four years ago. to solve this dilemma for present homeowners. Each Burns Co. home is e n g in e e re d w ith proven “ P o w e r 
S a v e r ” c o n s tru c tio n te c h n iq u e s to maximize energy use at all times The 
1977 models, in addition to extra insu­ lation, double glass and power venti­ lators. are sealed during construction to red u c e the m a jo r c a u se of high heating and cooling costs, air infiltra­ tion. 
F ro m top to bottom and from the inside out, every B urns Co. home is built to meet strict energy-efficiency standards. While this is a m ajor con­ cern of the Burns Co., it never neglects the styling or livability of a home. 
The “ Power S aver” collection fea­ tures exciting options to suit any li­ festyle. Handsome living areas, with deep pile carpeting and furniture-fin­ ished paneling, are planned around sunken conversation pits or more tra ­ ditional plans. All include woodburn- ing fireplaces and built-in bookcases, with some models featuring a roll-out 

TY cabinet, completely antenna-wired, under the stair landing. 
Spacious m aster bedroom s include separate dressing areas and walk-in closets B uilt-in alcoved beds with m a ttr e s s e s , d ra w e r sp a c e an d toy storage are optional in some upstairs children's bedrooms. 
Extra features are found in the “ w lie sa v e r” kitchen are as, too Many be­ com e ta n n ic activity ce n te rs, som e with updated versions of tin' breakfast nook popular in the 192os. The modern plan fe a tu re s built-in se atin g , w it Ii shelved plant windows and niches for greenery 
The Burns Co. un ites all prospective homebuyers in San Antonio to see tin* a d v a n ta g e s of o w ning a “ P o w e r 
Saver” home Burns Co. re p re se n ta ­ tives will lie happy to show interested persons homes under construction to point out the cost-cutting techniques invisible in a completed home. Sales offices are open in The Ureal N orth­ west and Hidden Forest daily, except 
Wednesday, from noon to 6 p rn 

I . 
. t l L j i i * 

BURNS CO. presents 'R ockw ood' m odel as fine e x a m p le of 'P o w er S aver' hom e 
J 
/? 

\ 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS £ 
I SIN 
ON 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Page 
I -D 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 
□^LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q I 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIID D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIIO D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIID D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

NEW HOMES IN 
Briarwick 

 fuHIidtdood 

■ ■ 

PLACE 
TOBE! 

. in Northwest 
San Antonio 

V a ' 
> 

Includes complete carpeting • Fireplace • f* Built in electric kitchen with self-cleaning 
^ ran8®. vent, dishwasher, disposer • Energy- rJ : 
\ saving features • Finished double garage • k j 1)* 2 full tile baths • Patio and fencing. w, p 
^ v 
\ fw f* 

NO DOWN & 
» w< 
NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

NO CHY TAXES MEANS 
LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

Near UTSA, USAA, Medical Cen­ ter • Northside Schools • Easy access to expressways 

Furnished models open daily until 
8 p.m. Take Bandera Rd. 31/2 mi. north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 

 k l 

 royal crest homes 
J. 

Cash price; $35,55o. No down payment and no c l o s n g cost s. VA m o r t g a g e 
$35,55o. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of $261.oo for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage Rate. 
Principal & Interest 
. 
, .$261.oo 
Taxes (County, State, School) , . , 
6o.25 
(No?), City Taxes 
....................... 
-o- insurance 
........................... 
17.75 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT , . . $339 o o * 
Ray Ellison fin Homes 

Ph. 681-3o2o 

Professionals find 
‘Farm’ life likable 

By the time a military family has knocked around the globe for a dozen years or so, its m em bers appreciate and d e­ serve a home as well as a li­ festyle that offers comfort, spaciousness, privacy and, in the long run, a good return on their investment. 
H eritage F a rm , by Ray E lliso n 
Homes, offers the military executive from Kelly and Lackland A F B s the same qualities demanded by civilian professionals from such employment centers as I SAA. I'TSA and the South 

Texas Medical Center — quality living in a totally rewarding environment . 

Ray Ellison’s reputation as the lar­ gest, most experienced Volume home* builder in San Antonio means Heritage 
Farm offers the economic benefits of 
Ellison’s volume buying, along with craftsm anship and quality of con­ struction unparalleled by other volume builders in the area. 

Heritage F a r m ’s location in the northwestern quadrant of the city means easy access to work centers and recreational facilities. But the favored proxim ity to city conveniences re­ m ains an economical advantage in 

San A n to n io EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

 light of Heritage Farm 's location out­ side the city limits, beyond the reach of city taxes. Nonetheless, the younger set is served by outstanding schools at all levels under the direction of the 
Northside District. 
For fam ily outings at H eritage 
Farm, one doesn’t have to travel far. since right down the street are a neighborhood swim m ing pool, tennis courts and a Little League Park. 
Ray Ellison homes at Heritage Farm feature attractive brick exteriors, pro­ fessional landscaping:, privacy fencing and patio which serve as focal points of outdoor activities during the .Spring and Summer. 

M ilitary professionals and federal executives from living in the totally rewarding environment offered 
Lackland, Kelly and Brooks AFBs are finding quality by Ray Ellison Homes in Heritage Farm. 

 and weather-stripping around windows and doors; power attic ventilators; and, energy-efficient air conditioning and 

Interiors are highlighted by fine quality carpeting; all-electric kitchens designed for practicality and beauty; decorator wall fabrics; and, in most models, woodburning fireplaces. Ray 
Ellison floor plans at Heritage Farm cover a broad price range from the 
$2os for two- and three-bedroom patio homes and townhouses to three- and four-bedroom homes in the Classic 
Series .starting at about $3o,ooo. 
Also available at Heritage Farm is 

 the prestigious Hallmark Collection of 
Ray Ellison homes, with investments beginning at just under $4o,ooo. 

Fam ilies dismayed at bill-paying time by rising utility costs will be de­ lighted by the totally unique Ellison energy package standard to each Her­ itage Farm home. The energy package includes extra wall and ceiling insula­ tion exceeding V A / FU A standards; double-pane windows; special caulking 

 heating systems. 
To reach Heritage Farm, take NAV. 
Loop 41o to the Marbach Road exit and travel west on Marbach. Follow signs to Heritage Farm and the wide variety of beautifully furnished model homes which courteous Ray Ellison repre­ sentatives will be pleased to show you seven days a week. 
_____________ 

CLASSIFIED OIJP l A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 
C LA S SIF IE D D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D I S P I A W - 

$417/mo 

Discover the"W oodcraft 

£ X 7 K fl-lA K 6 E 
U Y /tfs X c& a h /tf/ 

C/tTH EJXAL 

C E JU K kS 
A Beautiful Home in a Beautiful Neighborhood 
Just 8 Minutes from Kelly and Lackland AFBs! 

JUST LOOK AT THE FEATURES IN 
THIS 1748 SQ.FT.HOME! 

Amp k M F -///a e g e r 
/MsfcRjune k//T// 
Ot7H££KAi C&1///& 

DO UBLE PO CA, 

 l a 
A truly wonderful floor plan with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2-car garage • 
Built-in electric kitchen with range, vent, dishwasher, disposer • Cathe­ dral ceilings • Decorator carpeting throughout • 

NO DOWN ANO NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 
NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 
•Cash price; $43,5oo No down payment and no closing costs VA mortgage $43,5oo 36o equal monthly prin­ cipal and interest payments of $319 oo for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage Rate 
Principal and Interest 
$319 oo 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
76.OO 
(No!) City Taxes 
-o* 
Insurance 
22.oo 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$417.oo 

ADDRESS: 
1322 Tideland 

Heritage Farm is a quiet, country environment just a short drive from everything you'll need! • 8 minutes to Kelly and Lackland AFBs • Con­ venient to on-base medical, shopping, recreational, and other services 
— yet you have the freedom and privacy of your own home! 

The city of San Antonio is easily accessible, too! • Expressway routes nearby • Wonderland Shopping Center and downtown San Antonio shopping and business districts are easily reached via expressways • 

Heritage Farm is the top choice of executives and professionals from all walks of life — doctors, lawyers, military officers, and civil servants — come out and join your Mends hi Ibis ideal home and location! 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take Marbach Rd. west of 
N.W. Loop 41o and follow the signs. 

PLUS! Heritage Farm offers Northside Schools for the children • Neigh­ borhood swimming pool, tennis courts, and private lake • 

PC SAVALA 

T< 
|\ 
US E* Q c X rnrrwin v v gam i 

HERITAGE 
FARM 
673 4142 

MAH BACH 
Ray Ellison Homes 

 m w w 
V W W W W ’W W W W W 'M 'W W 'W 'W 
ENJOY 
HILL COUNTRY 
LIVING. . . 

 in 
Northwest 
San 
Antonio in beautiful O a k Creek. O u r premium homes range from 
$ 4 8 , 5 o o to 
$ 9 o , o o o on large w ooded homesites. 
Custom ized homes available for immediate move-in. 
Please visit our professionally decorated models today! 
FURNISHED 
MODELS OPEN 
DAILY 
684-3 l l 2 

From I-IO, take 16o4 W est 
2o minutes to Oak Creek. 

 it t S iU . S . 9o take Loop 
16o4 North 1o minutes to 
Oak Creek. 

_ _ 
^ 
From Loop 41o toke Culebro 
, 
By <3jpME(MB> ai-a-.M-- C* 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

February 1977 
San Antonio Schedule 
3o1 
Practice of RI. 
Feb. 7-11 
5 Day 
2o1 
Principles of RI. 
Feb. 7-22 
8 Night 
3o1 
Practice of RI. 
Feb. 12-2o 
Weekend 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Feb. 14-18 
5 Day 
2o1 
Principles of RI. 
Feb. 21-25 
S Day 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
Feb. 26-Mar. 6 Weekend 
3o1 
Practice of RI. 
Feb. 28-Mar. 4 5 Day 
For Free C a ta lo g Call 736-2o75 
American College of Real Estate, Inc. 

31o I ASHBY / SAN ANTONIO TEXAS 7821? / (512> 736 2o75 

The long established 
Morton /.Southwest com­ m unity, V a lle y Forge, this weekend will feature the building / developing firm ’s highly successful, most recent series of new houses. Success Homes. 
V a lle y Fo rg e, by its name alone, carries over the nostalgic Bicen ten­ nial themes of last year, but the neighborhood off 
O’Connor Road in north­ eastern San Antonio is one planned for all of the tomorrows. 
So are its new Success 
Homes. 
Varied plans 
The three- and four-be­ droom homes in the Suc­ cess series com prise more than IO different floor plans to present a 

 variety based on much m arket research and lengthy a rch ite ctu ra l studies. 

Morton / Southwest is able to offer the w ell planned houses in a price range starting as low as 
$34,ooo. The firm takes great pride in presenting 
Success Homes as “ af­ fordable,” invalidating the pessimism maintain­ ing average A m erican fam ilies are unable to afford a new home today. 
A visit to any of the 
Success models in Valley 
Forge w ill show how a new home remains as the one “ great A m erican dream” that can be rea­ lized even this weekend. 
The vast am ounts of total square footage in 

 the Success plans can be seen in spacious family rooms, separate dining areas, large living rooms and family sized patios. 
Also included are large, d ecorative k it­ chens with space-saving built-in appliances like 
Magic Chef ranges, vent hoods, dishwashers and stainless steel W aste 
King disposers. 
But the scope of Suc­ cess Homes goes far beyond their “ furnisha- ble” and useful space. 
Lu xury appointm ents add much to how they present more than the money's worth. 
They include shag carpeting in livin g rooms, master suites and hallways; privacy fences; 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

PLAN # 2 3 3 
1 3 4 1 9 
Lacew ood 
Partially Fenced Corner 

Beautiful new home in 
( 
W oodstone on landscaped corner lot. 3 / 2 / 2 all brick. 
Deluxe electric kitchen. Other fea­ tures include central heat and air. Tremendous value 

 at only $33,95o. In Northeast San Antonio location. 
Other plans from $ 3 o ,9 5 o 
Including 2 Story Plan 

★ 1oo% MILK HOMES WITH HANDCRAFTED 
FIREPLACES. 

* ENERGY SAVING SNUG HOME WITH EXTRA 
INSULATION, SOLAR GREY WINDOWS, ETC. 

* LARGE LOTS WITH TREES! 
* SWIM CLUB A COMMUNITY SCHOOL (UNDER 
CONSTRUCTION) 

SOMECRAT^ at 

O UR MOST AFFORD AHLE HOMES 
MEAN TOF (JU A U T Y FOH YOUR MONEY! 

LQO» I PPA 

 ju riso N sn 
MFA f UHING 
NEW 
SCHOCH 
MAGIC CHET 

O COMMO* 

LO O P 4 1o 
I © 

MM UNO 
COOLING 
I 

 i .... t ,m ( tn t I . - . / • • / ‘•‘I - 
H .ll, 

656-5474 OPEN DAILY 9-9 

Valley Forge marks‘Success 

J ^qn Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

 woodburning fireplaces; abundant cab in etry in pantry kitchens; com ­ partmented baths; walk- in or wall-to-wall closets; handsome paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beam ed cathedral ceiling s. 
Buyers can choose colors and patterns for both carpeting and wallcover­ ings. 
Each Success home features a u tility art a and a finished two-car garage. 
An exclusive Energy 
Saving Package (E S P.) for each includes an attic-installed Friedrich central air and heat sys­ tem, optimal insulation, strategic window loca­ tions and over all orien­ tation away from direct sun rays. 
The popular Success series m akes 
V alle y 
Forge a value-keyed com m unity close to a good number of m ajor destination points. It also is in the preferred North 
East School District. 
Appropos to the design of V a lle y Fo rg e, its streets and cul-de-sacs have names such as In ­ dependence Avenue, L i­ berty Drive and more in the sam e p atriotic theme. 
The nearby thorough­ fares Nacogdoches and 
O’Connor Hoods, though, are much more fam iliar to San Antonians who know, very w ell, they lead to shopping centers, churches, restaurants, places of entertainment, expressw ays and good schools. 
Valley Forge residents never have to travel far or long for anything, in fact. 
E ve n 
Randolph 
A F B is a quick drive; so is downtown San Antonio 
The com m unity is reached most easily by exiting from N .E. IU 35 onto O ’Connor 
Road. proceeding west to the marked entrance road. 
Independence Avenue. 

VALLEY FORGE m od e ls Success H o m e s series 
Woodstone area models 5 homes 

Eased financial terms on 
H om ecraft 
Corp. houses in Woodstone will highlight home hunting this weekend as the firm presents five fully fur­ nished. p rofessionally decorated models in the northeastern San Antonio area. 
Homecraft offers 8 per cent VA financing terms that allow a total move-in cost as low as $1 for ve­ terans who qualify. 
Tin1 model homes shown by Homecraft in 
Woodstone are excellent examples of the quality housing the firm has be­ come famous for 
Recent series 
Homecraft takes great pride especially in inno­ vating a series of new homes priced so low that a sharp contrast to prices of other building firm ’s houses in Woodstone is immediately evident. 
Som e of the other builders’ homes iii the prestigious com m unity fall within a price range starting at about $4o,!MM), but Hom ecraft’s houses even include a series of all-m asonry homes priced from as low as 
$3o,95o. 
The two most recent models in Woodstone represent the affordable series Hom ecraft intro­ duced here as a m iles­ 

 tone in modern housing appointments like wood- burning firep laces, boxed windows, wooden cabinets, fine carpeting, colo r-coordinalcd w all coverings and all-electric kitchens with d ish ­ washers, disposers and 
Magic Chef ranges with cont inous-clean ovens. 
( (invent ional finanding term s on 
Hom ecraft houses iii Woodstone also are offered for non-veterans or veterans who don’t wish to take advantage of their home loan p rivileg es at this time. 
Tin* com m unity of 
Woodstone is exciting in a num ber of d ifferen t ways. Homes are built on oversized lots with many trees. All lots front on paved streets with con­ crete curbs. 
U n d er­ ground utilities eliminate unsightly poles and lines that would m ar the na­ tural beauty and rolling terrain. 
Woodstone, near nu­ m erous destination points and w ithin the highly rated North East 
School District, is most easily reached by exiting from N E. Ill 35 to Ju d ­ son Road, proceeding west toward 
N acog­ doches Road and follow­ ing signs which lead the way to tin* community’s 
Homecraft houses 

 for today’s families 
Named the Americana and t'alifornia, they have attracted many visitors, of w hom more than a few becam e perm anent residents of a Homecraft house in Woodstone 
Homecraft opened the 
Am ericana as the first two-story model iii 
Woodstone. It features three bedrooms, inciud mg its enormous master suite, and a fourth be­ droom, which, if desired, can tie put to a number of different uses such as a study or parlor. The plan also includes IL, bat lls and a large two-car gar age 
The t’alifornia, boast­ ing a touch of Old Mexi co, belongs to tin* new housing series Hom e­ craft prem iered about 
U ‘2 years ago Featuring two bedrooms and two baths, its ingenious floor plan includes a m aster suite with a huge walk-in closet, a kitchen with a serving bar to the family 
/ living room and sliding glass doors leading to tin* sundeek in the backyard. 
These two m odels, though, are only part of the large model home park Homecraft now fea­ tures iii Woodstone. 
Luxury features of Ho­ mecraft houses are dis played iii the other three models, too. They include 

C L A S S I F Y D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED (M LPLA Y 
SoMECRSEf 

SI.OO TOTAL 
MOVE IN VA 

5 % D o n a 
Conv. Fin. 

 a t H {4 % 

VALLEY FOEGE 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY TIL DUSK 

ON YO U R M A R K , 

G E T SET. . . 

W H EN YO U START W ITH US, 
Y O U ’VE ALREADY W O N THE RACE. 

 lf you’re looking for real living space in a home you can af­ ford, why not begin with a M O R T O N /S O U T H W E S T com­ munity. Our Success designs are c o d and quiet with a feeling of openness that is the envy of San Antonio builders. W ith the air conditioner in the attic to give you less noise — and more storage space. And Success homes are built with ESP, our Ex­ clusive Energy Saving Package. 
W e build more space into our homes. You'll wonder why other builders aren't doing it. 

SlIIU M Z SS 
W p 
W r 
V w w w 

ANOTHER M O NEYS W ORTH IDEA 
FROM M O R T O N /SOUTHW EST 

CO M PARE our ’included in the price’ features with any other home in 
San Antonio. 
6-Ft. W ooden Privacy Fences 

All Electric Patio Kitchens 

Wood-burning Fireplaces 

3 & 4 Bedrooms 

Carpeting in Master Bedroom, 
Hall & Living Room 

Family Size Patios 

2 Full-hand-set Ceramic Tile 
Baths 

Vaulted-beamed Ceilings 

2 Car Finished G a ra ge 

Energy Efficient Friedrich Central 
Heat & Air 

A Pleasing Variety of Handsome 
Exteriors— Brick, Stone, Real 
W ood. 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL MAY 
NOTHING DOWN VA FHA A CONV*!1 AVAILABLE 

655-5931 

VALLEY FOEGE 

MORTON / SOUTHWEST 

(Out OF TOWN CALL COLLECT) 
WRITE: P.O. BOX 18428 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78286 

Professionally planned — to include on olympic size swimming pool ond lighted tennis courts — strategically located, so that your home is most likely to appreciate in value. Quiet ... Con­ venient to 1-35, downtown, and ma|or shopping and recreation centers. In the Northeast School District. 

 ma&ier suite 

 patio 

 br 2 br 

 porch 
V r ia t t p A 

4 v *37,525 

2 car garage 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
New homes in Briarwick ‘economizing 

WILDWOOD features ‘Prom enade1 as one model 

W ildw ood site suits lifestyles 

People who arr looking for a new hom e th e se days are looking for more than a roof over th e ir h ea d s and p ro tec tio n against the elements. 
At today’s prices, home b u y ers a re looking for q u a lity c o n s tr u c tio n , econom y, ae sth e tic a p ­ peal and location that promises a lifestyle con­ sistent with family hopes and asp iratio n s for the good life 
Combination 
R ay E llis o n 's W ild ­ wood, in n o rth w e ste rn 
San A ntonio, o ffers a un iq u e co m b in atio n — price, style, quality and com rn unity en vt ri >n men t 
— which not only gives 
Wildwood residents their m oney’s worth but also takes in many luxurious extras for good measure. 
A w ee k en d visit to 
Wildwood out B an d era 
Road o ffe rs th e hom e seeker a rooftop skyline of chimneys, surrounded on all sid e s bv rolling 

 countryside and tree-la­ den horizons. 
Most Wildwood homes feature beautiful wood burning fireplaces thai bring warmth and cheery co m fo rt to sp a c io u s, p an e led fam ily room s with arched ceilings 

 lf that isn t enough of an energy-saving incen­ tive, each 
W ildwood home fea tu re s the reti ow ned E lliso n en e rg y - saving package designed to save a third or more on utility < osts. The energy package consists of extra insulation; double-paned windows; special c a u lk ­ ing around windows and doors, power attic venti­ lators; and unusually ef­ ficient air conditioning arid heating systems. 
Although en e rg y con­ servation m eans a lot to­ day in term s of economy, construction standards in an Ellison home permit no compromis** with q u a lity and pay off in long-term economies for 
Red Carpet cites staffers 

The U n iv ersa l C ity, 
San Pedro and Windcrest offices of Red C a rp e t. 
R ealtors, had their An­ nual Awards Recognition 
B an q u et re c e n tly at 
Woodlake Country Club 
R eco g n itio n of the accomplishments of each office was given bv Norm 
Ilousley, m anager of the 
W indcrest office. David 
M cG ilv rey . m a n a g e r. 
San Pedro office, and Ri­ chard P rater, m anager. 
Universal City office. 
‘Millionaires’ 
F o u r p erso n s w ere acknowledged for having sold mon* than $1 million worth of real estate in 
PITH B arbara Box, Roy 
Stueker, McGilvrey ami 
•I 
D. F a r r i s , who has been the leading sales 

CLA SU FM D D ISPLA Y 

 associate two years run­ ning with the Universal 
City office. 
G eorge T u ck e r, R eal­ tor / ow n er, gave an overview of the throe ni­ e c e s and rec o g n ize d 
P r a te r , who also m a n ­ ages TP Managment Co . as the M a n ag e r of the 
Year lf*7B 

The evening began with a social hour and « presentation of some new 
Red C a rp et te lev isio n and radio co m m ercials shown by Jim Wiggins of 
F ra z ie r / W ig g in s A d­ vertising in San Antonio. 
The program concluded with Tucker's presenting a new, in house aw ards p ro g ra m and the c o m ­ pany’s goals for 1977. 

C lASSIFItD DISPLAY 

 the homebuilder. 
Long-term quality con­ s tru c tio n fe a tu re s in ­ clude trusses fabricated for ex tra stre n g th and d u ra b ility ; the best stru ctu ra l lu m b e r av a i­ lable. top quality paint that r e s is ts c h ip p in g , peeling and ch a lk in ess for years; asp h alt seal- tab roof shingles for ad­ ded wind p ro tec tio n ; brick chosen for its low m oisture retention and chip resistance; sheet viny! flooring and tile; durable, colorful decora­ tor c a rp e t; and solid wood doors with d e a d ­ fall locks. 

All of that q u ality — and m ore — is set in a location with quick a c ­ ce ss to m a jo r w ork c e n te rs such as UTSA. 
USA A and South Texas 
Medical te n te r. Despite their proximity to north­ west activity. Wildwood homes are outside the ci­ ty limits, providing lower m o n th ly p a y m e n ts on new home in v estm en ts that range from the low 
$3os to the mid $4lis 
Th** Wildwood lifestyle includes excellent educa­ tional fa c ilitie s of the 
N o rth sid e School D is­ trict. featuring top-notch academ ic program s arid stim u la tin g e x t r a c u r r i­ cular activities. 
W ildwood k itc h e n s offer p rac tic a l co n v en ­ ience and luxury All are fully equipped with dish­ w a sh e rs ; d is p o s e rs ; ranges with self-cleaning ovens, range vents; and fine wood cabinets which exem plify the exquisite c r a f ts m a n s h i p found throughout a Ray Ellison home 
To re a c h W ildw ood, drive out Bandera Road w est until you see the beaut if iii Wildwood e n ­ tranceway on your right. 
Professional and cour­ teo u s 
Ray 
E llison rep resen tativ es will be d elig h te d to show you 
Wildwood s beautifully furnished model homes 

C lA tk llliD DI LPL AY 

The new est hom es in n o r th e a s te rn 
B e x ar 
County ran he found in 
Briarwick. 
H ere y o u ’ll find new hom es p rice d from 
$28,ooo to $35,ooo. New homes are filled with the features most wanted, all in a c o m m u n ity w ith outstanding benefits like 
N orth 
East, 
D is tric t schools and no city taxes 
Latest features 
Briarwick homes have the latest energy - saving features. Each has all the luxuries looked for in a new hom e. E x q u is ite carpeting, professionally decorated in terio rs and k itc h e n s w ith d is h ­ w a s h e rs , d is p o s e rs , ranges and vent hoods. 
Many have fireplaces, indoor u tility ro o m s, sunken living areas and garden kitchens. 
The se ttin g is so s e r ­ ene, ato p a hill overlooking the Northern 
H ills 
C ountry f l u b . 
Briarwick is away from the noise and congestion of city living yet less than two m in u te s aw ay a re shopping centers to pro­ vide every convenience 
The children attend the p r e f e r re d N orth E ast 
Dist rict schools; Regency 
E le m e n ta ry , 
M adison 
M iddle and M acA rthur 
High. 
On 
VA fin an c in g , neither a down payment nor closing costs is re ­ quired 
To rea ch B ria rw ic k , drive north of N E. Loop 
41o on Wetmore Road and follow the signs. 

How to buy hom eslated for course 

“ B uying a H om e 
A 
Practical Guide to Your 
Biggest Investm ent’’ will lie offered as a continu­ ing education course at 
Trinity University 
Attorney Robert Jorrie will te ach the co u rse 
W ednesday and T h u rs ­ day. Fob 9 and lo, from 7 to 9 JO p.rn in Room 143 of the Chapman Graduate 
Center. The fee will be 
$25 a person or $4o per couple. 

For more information, the num bers 736-7225 and 
736-7213 may be called 

C l A SMY LID D ltF l AY 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

NEW HOME 
THEATER 

The Affordable 
Home 

Four bedrooms, two baths, and a wood-burning fireplace for only 
$42,ooo? That’s right! Schaefer is designing and building quality homes, with special features in beautiful neighborhoods and best of all they’re affordable! 
Single Living Area 
A living area the entire family can enjoy, with plush deep pile 

BEDROOM 
MASTER 
BEDROOM 

 carpeting, and complete with wood-burning fireplace . . . an area truly designed for living and entertaining. 
Patio 
Emphasis on indoor/outdoor liv­ ing with outdoor patio view ed from the Living area through sliding glass doors. A true plant lover’s dream. 
Storage Space Galore! 
A separate storage area in a double garage . . . a great place to store your bicycles, cars, boats and all the other stuff you never seem to have room for. 

And When We Say Affordable 
We Mean It! 
Special VA, FHA and Conven­ tional financing. Available in three distinctive subdivisions. 
Just check the map to find the one that suits you. Furnished models open daily. 

Northern Hills 654-1211 
$37,ooo to $65,ooo 
North East School District 

Devonshire 494-3588 
$37,ooo to $55,ooo 
North East School District 

“Building Homes To Come Home To' 

* Price varies according to neighborhood. 

[J 
Some of your neighbors don’t live in 
Coates homes. 

Some of your neighbors in 
Meadow Wood North live next door in McAllister Park. 
They're not selfish, you can enjoy the park, too • a natural 
* game preserve, bike trails and picnic facilities 

For you. Meadow Wood North offers beautiful new homes by 
Coates Development Company. t/L" 
New homes, designed tor your way of living, with the features 
"ASty, you want most . . . such as fire 
- J L l places, genuine tile entries and exquisite carpeting. 

This new home is priced at a low $34,ooo. 

°34T LtJ 

“ OOM 

&*- 

IU 

L oop 16o4 
MEADOW 
WOOD NOETH 

( j j Copym an A d v e rtin g By Shirley 
494-6163 e COATES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 

 r 
# 

Thunderbird Hills, on established neighborhood between Bandera and Ingram Roads inside Loop 41o, will feature this three-bedroom home at 2 1 2 2 James 
Bonham this weekend. Built by W . R. Craig Co., the 
$ 2 8 ,9 7 5 home includes carpeting, range and central air. 

C L A S H E D D IS P L A Y 
CLASSI EHD OE SPE AY 

UNDER *3o,ooo? 

 a sor 

Inside loop 41o, with a view of downtown from your patio door — Where? — 
Thunderbird Hills 
... 
? 
. .. - - 
.. 

2126 James Bonham $25,o5o w /a ir 

OTHER HOMES AVAILABLE 
Deerskin 
$43,12 5-$49,ooo* 
Little Fawn 
$37,4oo-$43,ooo 
James Bonham 
$25,75o-$27,6oo 
FOREST OAKS ESTATES 
Crownpiece 
$4 3 ,3 o o -$ 56,o o o * 

Construction Company 
VA, FHA, 
CONV. 
Open IO ’Til Dusk 

Financing 
6 8 4 -o 8 1o 
Available 

EQUAL HOUSING 
OPPORTUNITY 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

; _ J 
' 
^ ....... ; _ 
, * • >' 
* * 'K\*' *t ** 
X 'C**vvJdsa V’, * 2 
• ' 
Coates building in M eadowW ood 

Lucky hom ebuyers who choose a new Coates home in Meadow Wood 
North w ill be surprised at some of th e ir neigh­ bors; next door is M cAl­ lister Park! 
If living next door to a natural wonderland with hike and bike trails, pic­ nic facilities and a game preserve appeals to you, see Meadow Wood North today. 
Favorable blend 
Coates homes in Mea­ dow Wood N orth blend favorably with the natur­ al environm ent. Native rock and wood enhance the exteriors. In te riors are tastefully coordinat- 

C LA S SiriC D d i s p l a y 

 od, and all feature single liv in g areas w ith fir e ­ places. 
Crates believes in giv­ ing the homebuyer that 
“ som ething e x tra ” for his home dollar. Entries of the same ceramic tile you would find in much more expensive homes; fu ll sheet v in y l in the kitchens and baths; and dead bolt locks on a ll outside doors. These are just some of the extras you’ll fin d in every 
Coates home. 
Visit the Coates model home in Meadow Wood 
N orth today. Y ou’ ll be pleasantly surprised at the com bination of con- tomporary furniture, an- 

 tiques, collections and plants that blend into one of the finest new homes in to WTI. 

Prices of the three- and four-bedroom homes start at $34,ooo. 

Shopping centers and the progressing N orth 
E xpressw ay also are close by. The preferred 
N orth 
East 
D is tric t schools serve the com ­ munity. 
The model is open dai­ ly until dusk. Drive north on San Pedro Avenue to 
B itte rs Road and tu rn rig h t. 
T urn le ft on 
Jones-Maltsberger Road and proceed to Meadow 
Wood North. 

C L A S S IC O D ISP L A Y 
C LA SSIF IED D IS P L A Y 

OOO 

■ 

Anyone 
Close ? 

When MORTON/SOUTHWEST puts a hom e to g e th e r w e do m ore than built It w e ll. W e plan It w e ll. You g et your 
“ moneysworth” In MORE living space fo r your dollar, 
MORE enjoym ent e xtras, MORE energ y efficiency, NO 
MORE rent increases, ta x deductions 

 on your house paym ents — MORE con­ fidence in your hom e purchase. 

STANDARD FEATURES 

• Three and four bedroom 

 e 2 car finished garage 

• 2 full hand set ceramic tile baths 

• Rich shag carpeting 

• Appliances——dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef Range 

(NOT OPTIONS!): 

• Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

• large closets and storage space 

Utility rooms designs) 
(in most 

CIMARRON in « m w Biota IO few* III iw theqxt Son Antonio It x owoy (rom lh * nots* o< rn* nty It * o good pkxe to fete* (im onon 

 a viiootod rn o towfttrywd* tocohon unrounded Ay lotting N th Yet, li t <on y* m om ta u ho o h (they ie building th* new Kitty Ho wk junto! High School right now), chopping, end I IS And It’s tilled with von* cd th* moil practical yoW pocked hornet rn Son An ton to 

DRIVE OUT IN-IO, EXIT ANO OO SIGHT ON m 1 6 o 4 , f o llo w THE SIONE 

FREEDOM SIX 

‘ 31,975 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL MAY 
S% VA FINANCING 
NOTHING DOWN VA 
FHA, CONV., AVAILABLE 

 martan southwest 

WHERE YOU 
GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH 

(O U T O F T O W N CALL C O LLEC T t 

W R ITE; P .O . B O X 1 8 4 2 8 

S A N A N T O N IO . TE X A S 7 8 2 8 6 

(^ C I M A R R O N ® 

FURNISHED MODELS ORIN DAILY 'TIL DUSK. 
6 5 8 » 4 7 9 3 

Devonshire homes built by Schaefer, admired by buyers 

P rospective home buyers shopping for new homes in northern San 
Antonio have discovered 
Devonshire as an ideal com m unity centered a r­ ound families and fam ily life, 
Devonshire, located off 
San Pedro Avenue across from Blossom A th le tic 
(’-enter, not only toasts a prestige location but also is the only subdivision, with homes priced from the mid $3os to the mid 
$5os, in this highly desir­ able q ua dran t of San 
Antonio. 
Affordable 
The benefits of owning a Schaefer home in De­ vonshire are numerous. 
Aside from the ideal lo­ cation w ith b e a u tifu l, tree-studded lots, home- bu.vcrs are g e ttin g a quality borne, affordable’ p ric e d , and an in v e s t­ ment in the future. 
“ Not only w ill a fam ily receive a lot of home for th e ir money in Devon­ shire,” Cleat (’rain, vice president of sales, ex­ plained, “ but, when it comes time to file federal income tax, families who own th e ir home have a tax shelter, while those families in an apartment have a stack of rent re­ ceipts and no write-off ” 
B ill Boyce, area sales m anager, added that most families have found 
Schaefer homes perfect solutions to the problems of sp ira lin g apartm ent rents and are anxious to own homes of their own. 
As one young couple put it, “ We didn’t grow up in a partm ents and don’t w ant our c h ild re n to, e ith e r. 
W ith a new 
Schaefer home, we can have room to grow and a tax break.” 
“ Schaefer is offe ring families opportunities to get out of th e ir a p a rt­ ments and own their own hom es,” Boyce said, 
" U n til now, m any fa ­ m ilies have felt they had no alternative hut to con­ tinue to rent because of s kyro cke tin g costs of purchasing new homes, but Schaefer is making it possible fo r them to purchase th e ir own homes and receive extras at the same tim e !” 
While more and more builders have cut down their building programs 
UTSA prof to speak to SABOR 

D r. Leslie M cN elis, head of the UTSA De­ partment of Accounting, w ill speak to m onitors of tho San Antonio Board of 
Realtors at its m onthly breakfast m eeting at 8 a.m . W ednesday, Feb. 
18. 
His topic w ill to “ New 
Tax Laws As They Affect the Independent Central- 

DEVONSHIRE homes displayed by Schaefer 

 homes show an astound- and stripped down their products, Schaefer is building quality homes with hidden values, lux­ urious extras and en­ ergy-saving features, all at an affordable price and wit Ii special financ­ ing. 
Schaefer homes offer outstanding design and decorator features, such as garden atrium s, sun­ ken living areas, vaulted ceilings, fireplaces and even lofts that can double as an extra bedroom , study or hobby center. 
And the quality w ork­ 

 m anship is evident throughout any Schaefer home: the hand-laid cer­ am ic I ih>, the colonial handcrafted m olding 
(not stained, hut paint­ ed), the marble vanities, tin* abundant wall fabric, the handle sets on doors and the furniture-fin­ ished cabinetry. All extra 
Schaefer features make your home look better and last longer. 
Thus, the Schaefer concept: “ We’re building homes you'll want to come home to ." Quality 
Inuit, affordahly priced 

 mg amount of im agina­ tion and forethought on the part of the builder. 

Schaefer homes in De­ vonshire are priced from 
$17,ooo lo 
$55,ooo. 
Schaefer is also building in Northern Hills, where homes are available from 
$37,ooo to 
$85,ooo 
Schaefer models are open from IO a m. until dusk. 
Financing is the tost VA and conventional in town, including a VA rate of 8 per cent and, conven­ tional, 8‘4 lier cent. 

C L A S S IF IC ) D ISP L A Y 
C L A S S IF IC D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S in iD D IS P L A Y 

Visit Royal Ridge Today— 
Q uality Is the Difference! 

E n e rg y -C ra fte d H o m e s p ro v e b ig Success in R o y a l R id g e 

Th*- e x c itin g oiitYcsk id 
K oval 
Hi<lge- 
I* eviden ced bx lilt* 
| im > | hi l.i r ii \ 
<d th*- 
(•tarde!! 
H o m o anti tin* 
B aliti H tim tit. I,at li -tv Ie i- itiv itiu p fo r lite- hu-v ex* i T l i l i i r or lh *' •••list* retired 
I am ii \ -e e k in p a «) eta lits o f life free fro m the drudgers ttf larp - tau ii- am i the re lit* ed < and p ro b le m -, 
A b ile m anx h o m e nutti­ e r* are vxauliiip In reel nee th e xx t >rk 
It tat I n f m ain laming: a big xard and the 
Iii'1 eo n o f ut iii! ie - d ial ane in h e re n t xxidi manx o ld e r lit nm '*, diex d<i m il Maut In 
► derider q u alilx iii con* 
► Intelinn n o r d ie h x atu liix id a hm m - b n ill In xerx ex* aet in# -la n d a rd *. 
I Ile 
B alm 
H u m e - im l d ie ( .a ld ern H um *-- id Box- al 
K iltie have p rovided a 
‘- e t in n - a lte rn a tiv e in high 
• n -l- am i larpe xard*. I lie lm -x e x ecu tive h a - fn u m l lim e in be xx it Ii Iii- fam ilx in -lea d til In-1iii* a -lax*- in h i- xard. T h e aelixe refired fam ilx eau travel nr p tiru -c 
Iii- fa v o rite 
-p o rt or iM -lin ie know iii)! d ia l h i* tin iiie re q u ire r a m in im u m o f m aintenance. 
I Ile value hu ll! into each 

 lim n*' bx 
NX m ilt re-1 
D e­ velop m en t (a irn , h a - a p iin p roven th a i 
Iller** 
I- im 
• iih -liln te fo r qu alilx aud 

 lit e e x p e r ie n c e o f b n I b 11 tig fu r peop le d ia l are 
• nit* 

_ r 

I* A 

 le a r 

I 

A 

 t h e i r 
• n . 

 ti * 
» itlt alls w ind-iu Bark 

/ 

 cerned ah um v e -lttle n l, 
K nvul 
K ith located near w im l-m 
M a ll am i i- in lire pre*- lig n in - N u rlh e a -l 
In d e p e n ­ dent School I Ital rie l. It hd- ca-v jeer*** in f o r i 
''am lio n .to n . 
R an d o lp h 
M R am i all id ''an A u tu m n via 
I I I I.”* am i d ie ex pre**w av 
-id e m , 

 dXrftng 

 baft 

1—1f* 

I 
JU 

 e 
* 
A r , 
J 

2o3o SO. FT. 
Q 
Royal 
Ridge 

SECOND FLOOR 

 l f von have nol -cen th e e x c itin g m u 
I Ii nip- pom p itll in 
K oval 
R id p r, drive* m irth on 111 3 >, ex it -m id i on H i m in o r Woad lo H nx. al K id pc D riv e f t M u c k -). aud fnllovx d ie 
M o d e l 
11 nim* -ip u -. Ilp c ii dailv IO- 
>• 
F u r m o re in fo rm a l nm 
* all • » " » Jf tHK» (-a le - o ffic e ) or (».».»-J! M il (m a in o lfn e) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I9 7 7 
Oak Creek boasts trees surrounding its homes 

1 
......... -.''lAS.uiu 
^.^Ai ^... ............ ....■ 
T-r*~-r 
. ■ ■ — 
'r^'. • 
• V - 
..I*. 
• "V'" 
(w 

. 
Vj*' , .VU1'iK v'*?* 
• 
• •• « ■ 
. . .■ 
->t • vxfo) ;> 
.'il'l-itf -■< <>A(/* 
J. .itll*.' MVtt >.' * 

‘ 
' “ 'v ! 
>\tta.i<rtfE^LW ’U U £ x .U iV W . • 

OAK CREEK m odels H o m ecraft Corp. houses am ong m any trees 
Sitterle homes modeled in Oak Hollow Estates as distinctively different 

In tin* vicinity of San 
Pedro Hills is another, more recent neighbor­ hood with a distinctively different name. 
It s called Oak Hollow 
Estates, an evironmen- tally planned residential community where the buyer gets much more than just the standard fare found in today’s average home. 
Tree-shaded 
Homes here are located on spacious, shaded tracts with beautiful, old trees preserved by the 
Oak Hollow Estates de­ veloper, Sitterle Pro­ perties. 
The natural surround­ ings of 
Oak 
Hollow 
Estates offer a unique atmosphere of country living, although the com­ munity is placed close to 

' 
CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 

 major malls and other shopping areas of the north central San Antonio vicinity. 
The lovely three-be­ droom, four-bedroom and even five-bedroom homes in Oak Hollow 
Estates have many cus­ tom-built features. Mar­ keted by Hearne Owens 
Co., Realtors, tin1 homes offer fireplaces, patios, cedar roofs, fam ily rooms and a revolution­ ary insulation system that conserves energy and saves money as well. 
Wood shingle roofs will outlast the usual roof on homes in the surprisingly moderate price range. 
TotalWall insulation also provides energy savings. 
Attic space is filled with eight inches of blown-in insulation. 
Patios, sidewalks and 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 driveways have a pebble concrete finish. To fit ar­ ound the trees, many pa­ tios are of free form. 
Homes are designed with five bedrooms and two full baths to three bedrooms with P /2 baths, and all have linen and hamper space in bath­ rooms. Handy built-in cabinets line the walls in the large utility rooms. 
Several homes have wet bars behind louvered doors. Ruilt-in bookcases are a feature id' many. 
Kitchens are a delight. 
Most have countertop ranges, double ovens, dishwashers and dis­ posers. 
Many of the homes have beamed ceilings. 
Closets are exceptionally large. Wood paneling and sheetrock, in striking combinations, are used to 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

 finish two-car garages, some oversized. In gar­ ages can be found pull­ down stairways which lead to attics. 
Oak Hollow Estates re­ sidents have the use of 
Shadow Cliff Swim Club. 
Good shopping is in the immediate vicinity as the 
Brookhollow Shopping 
Center. 
Families with children will be glad to know Oak 
Hollow Estates is within the highly rated North 
East School District. 
Models are open here from Kl a m. until dark. 
Oak Hollow Estates is reached most easily by driving four miles north of N.W\ Loop 41o via San 
Pedro Avenue, turning right at Brookhollow 
Shopping Center and fol­ lowing 
Brookhollow 
Drive. 

CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 

A genuine Hill Country development by Home­ craft Corp., Oak Creek features new homes which well befit the na­ tive oaks and mountain laurels that surround them. 
Another community professionally planned by Homecraft Corp., Oak 
('reek, one oi the firm’s more recent neighbor­ hoods, stands out as a prime example of its lengthy experience in do­ ve I op i n g com rn unities for modern living and lasting values. 
In choosing the serene setting for Oak Creek, 
Homecraft was sure to preserve the natural creations in a way which allowed all city conven­ iences. Resulting^, Oak 
Creek boasts fully paved, curbed streets, all city utilities and sidewalks. 
When Homecraft com­ menced developing in 
San Antonio about three years ago, it was quick to' establish a reputation for professionally planning communities. Oak Creek certainly lives up to that reputation in every re­ spect. 
Four fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes have been displayed in Oak Creek 

 since Homecraft opened the community off N YV. 
FM ti 1o4 betw een Po- tranco and 
Culebra 
Roads. 
The models highlight­ ing the northwestern 
Bexar County neighbor­ hood serve as examples of the quality houses Ho­ mecraft builds. Custom building is offered in Oak 
Creek, too. 
At some points in building, buyers of Oak 
(’reek homes can have a number of different 

 choices for their homes’ interiors. They can select colors and patterns for vinyl wallcovering colors and kinds of carpeting to cover all but baths, kit­ chens and breakfast ar­ eas and either gas or electric ranges as part of the package of built-ins 
Homecraft features in its new houses. 
Standard luxury appointments for Oak 
Creek homes by Home­ craft include items as desirable as all-brick. 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 
HHH.HERS ASSOCIATION 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
T lA iS iF llO D IS P L A Y " 

 handcrafted fireplaces, automatic garage door openers, large storage rooms and marbletop vanities. 
Some Oak Creek homes have wet bars, sloped ceilings in fam ily and living areas, as well as master suites, and fin­ ished two-car garages which either are separat­ ed or have a rear entry. 
Oak Creek is outside any city lim its and served by the Northside 
School District. As well, 
------- eTAsiiMD PBWPnr--- 

 it has good proximity to major destination points like 
USA A, 
CTS A, 
Southwest Research In­ stitute, South Texas Med­ ical Center and 
Kelly and Lackland AFBs. 
Three different routes can be taken to reach 
Oak Creek. The simplest is to take the Hwy. 9o W. 
Expressway to N.W. FM 
1oo4, where a right turn leads to the community marked by a splendid brick fountain at the en­ trance road. 

------------------Cl A 55im 6 W P l A Y ~ 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I'm Buddy Burns. Arui I d like to shed some light on your old home. It your home is 
S years old or older, chances are it ’n obsolete. 
That s right, obsolete. Be­ cause at the time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-etti* ciency standards. As a result, many San Antonians are laced with utility hills that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why NOW Is The Time To Buy. 
Let s look at the tacts. Since you invested in your home a tew years ago, two things have hap­ pened. For one, you've been making house payments tor sev­ eral years, so your equity has grown. Too, since the cost ot building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost ot replay' ing your home has increased. 
BUT, because your old home isn't energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy. And believe it or not, homeow ners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes. Because no­ 

 body wants to buy a home where the cost ot heating and cooling exceeds the monthly payments. 
M y advice is this: With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you o in probably make the down­ payment and move into a new 
Hums Co. Power Saver1' home today. And, while your house payments may be a little higher, the lower utility hills should easily offset the difference. The only thing you can t afford to do is wait much longer 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"w ife saver" kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty ot cabinet storage. Luxu nous baths with marble vanities and full size tubs. And elegant master suites, w ith walk-in closets and separate dressing areas. Priced from $46,ooo to 
SBS,OOO. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

Come S it My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver* homes in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest. 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush deep-pile carpet, furniture-finished panel- 

11 HA I Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 7h2 I<S 

Power Saver ll' Model Home at 
K7o6 limber* bde in The 
Great Northwest. 

 mm 

Estates 

 m il d pm Ulm 

ENJOY the excitement of comfortable family rooms. 

DELIGHT in the coziness of brick or rock fireplaces. 

IHIIIIIHHIIIIlHlllltlll lllliuiitiuiiK 

RELISH the satisfaction of precision cabinetry 

 riff 
SHARE the intimacy of a revolutionary insulation system. 

The critics are raving! Fantastic! Sensationah Delightful! A real work of art! 
The consensus is the same all over town — Oak Hollow Estates continues to be the best new home buy in San Antonio today. 
The public has asked for it and Sitterle & Companies has delivered a home value package that can’t be beat! 

For a personal viewing of the 
Oak Hollow Estates story drive out San Pedro to Brookhollow to fabulous Oak Hollow 

Estates marketed exclusively by Dearne Owens Co Realtors 
Call 494-6842 or 349 51 IS 

V t/ 
Bu I ll by 
Mother Na I ii re 

FA IR OAKS . . . sprawling meadows, surging hilltops with views for miles, native grasses and gnarled oaks . . . as close as possible to the way Mother Nature intended it to be. 
Fair Oaks was once a historic ranch, but now welcomes you to its acres of country living. 

2V4 to 15 acre tracts, most with central water systems, offer buyers choice sites in Bexar, 
Kendall and Comal Counties, riding trails for horses, paved roads and the finest of recreational facilities at the Fair Oaks ^ Di.-t/ i ikhom na 
Racquet and Swim Club. 

Elegant homes, built by the Don Smith Company, are already available for viewing. 
Located just 16 miles north of 
Wonderland near IH 1o, Fair Oaks is ideal country living . . . not far from the city. 

O il I am horn developer H U O Properly 
Report find read before signing .my thing 
H U D neither approver the m erit* of the offering, nor the value, it any, of the property, 
Fair Oaks 

Visit the ^ an Oak* booth 

 m d slide presentation upper level. Central Park Mall 

F A I R ® 
OAKS 
LL 

 a 
Trad wood^lB^. 
X 
Camp 
• Stanley 

Leon 
M h^jLUiriiiils 

Loop 16o4 
J kTL 

U T S A • V 
N * 
Don Smith Co. 
698 244o • 698 2832 

 i 'Jut' ti 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday feb 6 I 977 

 oya Ridge this weekend will feature its new patio homes, which include the 
U,*ur'°US/ s*Dac'ous two*story models. This weekend these two-story models are o ered at prices so low they actually befit last year's market. The next construction phase of these patio homes, however, cannot offer the same kind of argain. Every advantage of two-story living is found in these patio homes, too. e project is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. IH 35 onto O ’Connor oad, turning south on O ’Connor to Royal Ridge Drive (three blocks) and following signs thereafter. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

M O CKINGBIRD HILL 
Our townhomes are more like country estates. 

Serenely and comfortably perched atop 
M O C KIN G BIRD HILL in north San Antonio is one of four luxurious townhomes to be constructed. It includes the most elegant and decorative features and practical conveniences, some of which are: 

• 
Energy saving features such as double glass windows. 
• 
4 
Bedrooms, 
3 
Bath, 
Deck 
O ff 
Upstairs 
Bedrooms 
• 
Marble Vanities Throughout. 
• 
Paved alleys, No Thru Traffic, Sanitation Pick­ up, Electric G arage Door Opener. 
• 
25oo Sq. Ft. of Living Space. 
• 
Large Heatilator Fireplace System, Slate Roof. 
• 
Microwave Oven, 3o Inch Oven, Trash Com­ pactor, Central Vacuum System. 

3815 SONGBIRD 

M OCKINGBIRD 
HILL townhomes 

OPEN FOR INSPECTION 
I P.M. ’TIL DARK 

And the tocaion is superb (lose at hand ore: IH IO, loop 41o, Won­ derland Shopping Moll, Oak Hills 

CC, U T S A. & UT Medical (en­ ter. 

G.H. “JEB” FREY 
Builder 

7 3 6 -o 9 7 6 

 o n 
Hilts 
CntlNlRY 
CLUB 

£ s 

§ 
J I 

 sough to i tnonm oBnn// 

— 
I 

II 

MOCKINCtflo o 
CttUGHAX IO 

1ooP 41o 
// 

^ 
4 

VONO! PIANO 
„ f * - 
C i t y (I 
U L I 

Exit (HIO at (attaghan, West to Tupelo, turn right, then left on Mockingbird to 
Townhomes. nm 

 exec to speak 

2-story savings in Royal Ridge 

Tom Perkins, vice pre­ sident of the Quincy Lee 
Co and a director of the 
Texas Industrial Deve­ lopment Council, w ill speak Tuesday to the lo­ cal chapter of the Society of 
Real 
Estate 
Ap­ praisers (SKA) 
The dinner meeting is scheduled for 7.3o p.m., witll a social hour at 6:3o p.rn . in tilt' San Francis­ co Steak House 
Topic 

Charm atid grace of 
Mediterranean styling are reflected by patio homes in Royal Ridge. 
Equally im portant, however, are the features behind all this beauty that create a home of ex­ ceptional value. 
Two-story 

The distinct advan­ tages of living in a two- story home also comprise an important feature of these patio homes 
This weekend it is pos­ sible to purchase one of these two-story models at prices asked for during 
1976. The next construc­ tion phase for these patio homes w ill demands prices some $1,ooo to 
$2,ooo higher. 
Among the advantages gained by selecting a two-story model would be more square footage for 

 relatively little extra cost. The additional liv­ ing arca could be between 2oo and 5oo sq. ft. at $7 to $8 for each. 
This contrasts with one- story models in that each square foot would aver­ age some $3o in cost. 
O verall, the two-story model would cost about 
$25 per square foot 
Costs of operating uti­ lities actually are histor­ ically less in two-story models. That really pre­ sents a bargain to be en­ joyed in one of these 
“ Energy-Crafted’’ patio homes. 
Royal 
Ridge patio homes boast more than 
2o energy-saving pro­ ducts and construction techniques that reduce the daily workload and save owners a significant amount of money iii both utilities and mainten- 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM-IO 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOODSTOCK 

M y ) v t 
IM/T S S ) 
Sundance 
¥ 

4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

7 1 2 - M II 

The 

A n t o n i a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

BFESh^eby 
o UPEWVESTORS 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 
APARTMENTS, 

9525 LORIN! 
344-9888 y^NIOKmiltT 
HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
4515 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

T e r r a 

A lta 

(URN & UNHJRN I 

(IiA t FOR CO URTS' 

ANI >tUl)i HIS 

411 EVEREST 
828-533o 

NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IM IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

© FRENCH CHALE! 
163o JACKSON KELLER 

THI UIT IM ATI APAAT M IN T 
COM M UNITY 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

O E I MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
N a co gd o ch e s 
6 5 6 -o 1 88 

9 E L M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• ‘‘Complete'' All electric kitchens 

• Washer-Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vante Jackson 

© COUNTRY C LU B 
APARTM ENTS 

\n i«I• * I lo c u t io n 

N«*\t to Turtle* ( ’r e e k 

( .o f f ( ,our*«* 
696-7o18 
Un to Kuirliatvii Drill* 

The Heritage 

Apartm ents 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
34 1-2228 

I &2 Bd. Apts. 
From SI 7o 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IH IO West 

 r a j 
L ja p a .e s t 
APARTMENTS 

 a nee. 
Attention to the many details enhances every aspect of these magnifi­ cent two-, three- and four-bedroom patio homes. 
With the assistance of Windcrest 
Development’s profes­ sionals, each owner de­ corates his or her home with colors, patterns and textures that are a re­ flection of the in d ivi­ dual’s personality and taste. 
Extravagant, luxurious styling of both practica­ lity and economy — all of these — and more — merely hint at what a patio home here really is all about. Its an exciting home, a quiet home full of most up-to-date pro­ ducts and features. 
Proven sound-deaden­ ing common walls; a tru­ ly private patio; and fully finished, oversized rear entry garages with elec­ tric door openers are but a few of the more desira­ ble elements included. 
Insulation beyond be­ lief (double in the exter­ ior walls); cedar shake roofs; dual pane w in­ dows; steel-encased, in­ sulated exterior doors with magnetic weather­ stripping, and a yard full of grass 
(not just 
“ sprigged” ), shrubs, trees and fencing make tip more splendid fea­ tures of Royal Ridge pa­ tio homes. 
The ideal location of 
Royal Ridge is conven­ ient to all areas of San 
Antonio. It is cqui-disLant from Fort Sam Houston and Randolph AFB, just minutes from Windsor 
Park Mall. Children at tend Windcrest Elemen tary, White Middle and 
Roosevelt High Schools, each in the preferable 
North East District. 
Everyone is invited to view the five model patio homes, four of which are furnished and decorated. 
Drive north on N E. HI 35 to O’Connor Road. Turn south on O’Connor to 
Royal Ridge Drive (three blocks) and follow the model home signs. Mo­ dels are open daily from 
IO a m. to 7 p.m. 

Perkins w ill discuss 
“ Industrial Parks.” In addition to serving on the state Industrial Develop­ ment Council hoard, he is a member of the South­ ern Industrial Develop­ ment Council and tin* 
National Association of 
Industrial Parks 
Form er manager of 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

J 'W 

TO M PER K IN S economic (levelopmcnt for the San 
Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce. 
Perkins joined the 
Quincy Lee Co. iii I HHS 
Ile holds a m aster’s degree iii industrial so­ ciology from tin* Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin 
Chapter 
Secretary 
Gerald Wiley is handling reservations for the monthly dinner meeting. 
Telephone number is 
699-1116 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Just OFF 
I 946 N.E. Loop 4 1 o h a r r y W U R Z B A C H 
8 2 6 -2 3 5 5 

FEATURES 
TWO BEDROOMS 
TWO BATHS 

First A Second Level.......... $217. per month 

Third Floor W/Fireplace 
$238. per month 

A couple will find this plan perfectly suited to their growing needs. The master bedroom has an extra large 9 foot walk in closet, private dressing room and both. W hile the huge wall to wall closet in the second bedioom, linen closet and pantry provide an enormous amount of storage space There s formal dining, and a kit­ chen that s big enough for a snack table. It has a frost free refrigerator, too. The washer dryer connections are located off the deck. And the penthouse level has a fireplace, bookshelves and beamed and vaulted ceiling. 

1o71 Sq. Ft. 

CLASSIFIED DI SPI AY 
UF6 Sty le b y Q 
LIFE IN V E S T O R S 

6 9 o -o o o 1 
MMTMEHT ll VMC 

With Ideal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

© 

© 
LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ TEN N IS W O R L D " 
• SAC QUI IS A U HEALTH ANO IA IB C IU CLUE 
• ADU! I a n d TAM M Y SECTION! 
• I lie** EHC ANO WNI M INI SHED A PAR TM EN T! 
I • UTILITIES PAK! 
V 

• n o i t h s a s t Sc h o o l s *u s s e r v ic e 
L* HOETH ST AE AMO CENIE A l PAEK M A U A IE A 
I IS N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

^ 
UNDA APTS. 
235 H O W A R D o h H O O N. M A IN 

I & 2 B E D R O O M S 
I blk. Main Bank, lubys. Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 

2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

We*tch€**t€»r S tu a rt* 
Apartment* 

I . 2 . .‘i b e d r o o m apt!*. 

I t ill, iii iii F url *um» dint Kuit<lul|ili 

I I I I Au*tin Hwy. 
828-1 1o5 

© 

M \ l t H 

- i r n ii 
VI* VHI MFN I* 

^ t h o ijP ie r 

1946 N. E. Loo© 41o 

BR Style bg 
(Merry Runback (lit) 
o UP! INVESTORS 
826-2355 

 ifountrv Village 

A p artm e n t* 
.I, 2, 3 ImmIrsisitit* 

*«M»il»l** In III}; lu r fjlltlll,. n ill, H M illY tb w l u l u r front 

8 1 16 C o u n lrv \ illagi- 
828 -5 72 1 

The BRITTANY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U ­ 
NITY WITH A PO O L IN EACH CO U RT­ 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 
86o7 JONIS MALTSSERGiR 
341 -31 26 

NEW HOME 
THEATER 

NOR T H IA S! A R IA 
^Perrin <?laza 

I A 2 RDR. A T O W N H O U S E S 

G orda* opt* with clton wall ke p t specious grounds, polios, baleomes, pool, walk lo shop- ping, features plus 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 22 
© NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

® indc*r«‘Mt A p a r t m e n t * 
656-o182 
8835 W illiniun av 

 l.dr||t‘ jir iid lr j»dli«*». I i >h » i iik iil I m A in iL u r 

I*.irk VI.ill. Hdiiilul|>lt dint F u r l *d m . 

I . L IM IT S F i l i n g i l l V K , S i! II 
\ 111 • • 111 • > 

!£cu4mJ)(i>od 

AN ADULT A P A R T M E N T CO M M U N IT Y 
A U A M IC T U S • O N RUS U N I a O N I b lo c k nom s t m a ry s • o n e h o c k 
FROM SH O PPIN G • (U R N ADD I 
I, 2 & 3 ID R 
UTILITIES PO 
33o1 W. W O O D L A W N 
4 3 4 -93 94 
A SOS SOSS APA* f MIN I COMMUNITY 

© 
13arb Catonr 
A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n ity 
T V MOW!OBED SECIHITY—GARDEH MHOS 
UIXUtlQtft IW M Q oM -6Y III SAUNAS , 
I T 5 IDR 
14 2 RATH 
*1 7o 2/o (turn Add) UTILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDHU RO. 
434-4191 tetw aa n MMI«ra»» A Calla ©Kan 
A Rob Ross Apartmaisl Ca mm waddy 

© 

A N APARTMENT H O M E 
UNFORGETTABLE A S ITS N A M E 
(OM Vt AME Mf I OC A n o * AMO UTILIM! M O 
BOSI BROADWAY 
8 2 4 -o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

° UwBwdki 

For the truth, 
Compare 

1o362 Setter# Drive, just east at Sen Pedro north 
349-2617 of Coop 4to 

 oaWEL., 
# y d v e r T t $ i n g 

Op.n Monday Ikru friday I AM. lo 5:1o PM 

DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 
5 OO P M fp# Following Day 
Friday 1:3o tor Saturday 
Friday 5 F M, for Sunday 
Friday 5 3o P M For Mondo) 

CLOSED SA T U R D A Y A N D S U N D A Y 
Cancellations and Corrections con be mode 
Monday thru Faddy B A M til 5 3o P M 

Ilk# I a 
% hkp ws Cmm- 
$ 

I UH mmo) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

M O C K IN G B IR D HILL to w n h o m e s show n on Songbird Lane 

SAAA calls meeting 

 of all local owners 

Apartment Association 
President' Frank Corte has called a meeting of all apartment owners in 
San Antonio for Tuesday, 
Feb. 8. 
The luncheon meeting will begin at noon in the 
Heritage Room at Oak 
Hills Motor Inn. 
Open meeting 

“ This is not for members only,” said 
Corte. “ We want all 

 apartment owners in San 
Antonio to meet with us and discuss our mutual problems and their solu­ tions.” 
The proposed 
C PS settlement, an increase in the C PS Demand 
Charge for January, con­ struction cost increases and market absorption will be topics. 
“ It is time we move as a united group to protect the interests of every 

 owner,” Corte declared. 
“ I do not condemn non­ members; they’d belong now if they really under­ stood how the member­ ship would help them. 
We feel, by conducting an owners meeting and in­ viting all those interest­ ed, we’ll show them how we can be beneficial.” 
Reservations are $t> each and may be made by calling the SAAA of­ fice at 828-6328 

. 
A 
; 
> 'V 
’ ■» ’ 
-rf-' f 
’ ?• • 
' 
' 

Frey offers town home 

C IA S S IF K D D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 

FRANK CORTE 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

Mockingbird Hill this weekend becomes the setting for a townhome showcased by master craftsman G. H. “ Job ” 
Frey, who built the im­ mense, striking struc­ ture in the northwestern 
San Antonio community. 
Found at 3815 Songbird 
Lane, this four-bedroom, three-bath townhome contains all of the elegant extras the custom builder is famous for, plus more for the very discriminat­ ing buyer. 
P asses test 
This townhome is one the passes the most diffi­ cult test given by a 

— c l a s s if ie d DiifrLAV----------------- 

 homebuyer who wants the most — and nothing but the most. '* 
The extra spacious floor plan for this beauty features a living room, dining room and family room with a massive fireplace. 
Fine features of the kitchen area include, as built-ins, a large oven, microwave oven. Waste 
King dishwasher, com­ pactor, disposer, water softener and instant hot water. A barbecue grill also is added as an amenity. 
The practical floor plan allows closets galore, too. 

 c l a s s if ie d d i s p l a y 

Q uality Hom es' 

 in a Country 
Com rn unity 

F ro i i i 

*55,ooo 

6 5 1 - 6 2 3 7 

An upper deck is another highlight. 
Other conveniences in­ clude an intercom, cen­ tral vacuum system, electric garage doors and spacious utility room with all necessary con­ nections. 
Heavy insulation, en­ ergy-saving glass and in­ conspicuous but fully functional, gutters are among the fine construc­ tion features of this townhome. 
Ever popular Mocking- 

Ladshaw - M iller 
Development Co., Iijcj 

 bird Hill is atop a peace­ fully isolated, wooded hill, as its name sug­ gests. The area is also located convenient to 
N.W. IU IO, NAV. Loop 
41o, Wonderland Shop­ ping City, Oak Hills 
Country Club, UTSA and the South Texas Medical 
Center. 
The prestigious com­ munity even has paved alleys for sanitation pickup. 

IO onto Callaghan Road, go west to Tupelo, turn north and then west onto 
Mockingbird, which leads to the townhouse at 
3815 Songbird Lane. 
Too hot? lf the hot water from your tap is scalding hot, your plumber can make adjustments to bring it down to your liking. It also is likely that the hot 

C l a s s if ie d d i s p l a y 

To see this Frey town- water will last longer home, exit from N.W. IH that way. 

 jP-ASWisB Pis p La r 
CLASSIFIED D ISP LA Y 
EL MADRID 
IIII 

I I 

S 
APARTMENTS 
I Looking For A Superb 
J 
I I I I 

A U B U U P a U 
6 9 6 .2 8 4 6 I 

I Sunday — I to 5 
6111 Vance Jacksoi^jjj 

Spacious S u n n y Apts. 

I. 2 an d 2 Bedroom iv/Den 

Some w ith Fireplaces 

A ll B ills P a id 

— , 

H o l l i e s * 5 o , o o o a n d O v e i 

O A K TERRACE ESTATES 

Jus! completed for the right family, beautifully detail ed and ready SIDE ENTRY G A RA G E. Fireplace in large family room. Covered patio and much more! 
Eves 653 9596 m 

CORNELIUS 

A ASSOCIATES 

157o6 CREEKSIDE 
SLEEK A N D SASSY! 
Sparkling glass, diagonal cedar and natural rock make* this exciting Contemporary in San Pedro Hills a must to see! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, I living oreo 
^ f V J S with fireplace, full of intrigue, and good taste and energy saving njQ.ix-sp construction at SS 1,9oo 

134o3 C A SSIA W A Y 
BLOSSOM PARK 
PR EST IG E A R E A 
T R A D IT IO N A L H O M E 
QUALITY BUILDER 
4 bedrooms, walk in Closets, huge single living areas, formal dining room, dream kitchen. Cor net lot. $72,5oo 
CO M PA SS REALTY 
4 9 4 -1 6 o 1 
4 9 4 -1 2 8 1 

YE OLDE FOREST 
Surrounds this o!d« English horn* Actinost 7 oats of forest, full of the Kings deer S bedrooms, 3W baths, game room, living room, redwood deck luxury features include wet bor. microwave oven and sun garden window OFIX SAT SUM 
\ 
WIMDWOOD ESTATES, exit Tarpon Drive, 17 
\ . miles north of Wonderland on IM IO 
/ 
HCN CO. 
6 9 8 - 2 4 4 5 ^ / 

A LA M O HEIGHTS 

Would you like a fireplace, separate dining room, and private courtyard with trees? Then call to see this 2 bedroom, 2 bath beauty 822-5228 or 828- 
567) 
STRAUDER NELSO N 
REAL ESTATE 
8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 

 r e 
* 

* " " 3 3 

CLO; 1 M IM 

MASUI 
MUON 

(ATH 
T AK MIO 
LIVING (OOM WIT 

IN SU M M IT O A K S 
On Two Acres Wooded Land • 24oo sq ft living area • Two Separate Centro! Air Units • See at 
2231o Cielo Visto • North on IH IO to Leon Springs 
Exit Then Under IH IO Left on Acce*, Rd to Cielo 

Visto 
Total Price $ 5 9 ,7 5 o 

Sw inrtey C o .o i ioiierisMm 

11 5 PAINTED POST 
IN E X C L U S IV E S H A V A N O P A R K l i w W 
S I i N m 
« W W Hm m aa w a r a n a N r o v t t iM * « « Xii 

 chan a c * M e at N a h a* apahaata* H ilt ( a w r a n * ’I la n a c a a n paw aaWaa, aarartawaaaaf ac aa lac A-o. a 
Si ss abe taw. I I I visa 
.Me-so7» 
\ 
o1o-o341 
\ 
4o4- J J I I 

M AG NIFICENT H O M E 
CHARTER O A K S 
On o beautiful oak covered lot, spacious 
4 bedrooms, large paneled den plus a 3o ft game room for your pool table, trailer or boat space, deluxe pool 
FLOURNOY S B S 

A beautiful visfo oriels you ond your Quests os you walk through the door el this sumptiout, sophisticated home, for it s built to tm broce a lovely pool which meanders oround and under the enormous patio (keck, with its skylights and winding staircase lo the loft* Designed in cluster foshton, with separate units coir laming 7 bedroom suites, formal entertaining oreos and o dining oreo, ond in oddity a superb guesthouse gome room in the j garden A remarkable property, offered at S7So OOO 
6 # Capm an Ox 

74o7 H U M M IN G B IR D 
In U n iv e rsity H ills 
O p e n Sun. 1 -5 
This home featured rn letter Homes ond Gardens — "A Smart 
Home for a Sloping lot 
Tri level 3 bedrooms, 7 both, huge Irving area with firepioie full sue dining room on separate level Forty sue deck overlooks a mountain see!1 SSS,ISO for Appt Coll 341 - 
3ISA Anytime1 

 twrwhay 
U4a r» 

 j t o S O U T & k f i i T U L r 
REALTORS 

5 o Y e a rs o f Trait 

Coil us now fo choose from our broad selec­ tion of Homes of Distinction such as these; 

H A U SM A N R O A D 
C O LO N IA L HILLS 
............ 

CHURCHILL ESTATES . 
M O N T E V IS T A ............ 

O L M O S P A R K ............ 
N O R T H W O O D ................. 

CASTLE HILLS ESTATES 
TERRELL HILLS . . 
T H O U SA N D O A K S 
CASTLE HILLS........ 
ENCH ANTED FOREST 
S H A V A N O PARK 
H O L L Y W O O D PARK 
HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

874-o121 
342-321 I 

$277,5oo 
$ 92,9oo 
63.ooo 
61,9oo 
85.ooo 
56,5oo 
$16o,ooo 
$235,ooo 
$ 73,9oo 
$ 99,5oo 
$ S9 ,Soo 
$175,ooo 
$ 78,5oo 
$ 7o,ooo 

494-7651 

Sell your Home . . . 

 of Distinction 

Coll 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

349-1436 

13643 TREASURE TRAIL 

IT'S N O LII! 

W hen we yay you if be proud of this excitingly dif ferent 
Pueblo Style home of 44oo eg ft on 2 oak covered octet in Town Country Forest Designed for the discriminating and built for the discerning 
$175 OOO 

3491436 

SPLIT 5-4-3 BEDROOMS 
3-4 BATHS 
$79,5oo TO S U 5,ooo! 
8 V2% Interest 

9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original 

 designs, will trode Out Vance jackson, I mile from 41o 
TKdu 
• ‘Sudden, 
6 9 6 -8 3 3 o 
I 

422 TOW ER DR. 
T Y IN G A Y E L L O W R IS B O N 

Around 
The Old Oak Trees on th.s 3 odes is going lo take a bur ch of ribbons 
Come see lot yourself and we ll olso show you an attractively decorated 3 bedroom home with 17x3$ sauwning poof 
For $71,9oo. Us really a hideaway hon 

IH IO A US 87 NORTH OF BOERNE 

WAURFRONTS-tlVI OAKS 

Above one of 5 Different Dittmctive ones to choose from 

* 5 5 , o o o to * 7 9 , 5 o o 
IO N DISCOUNT W ITH THIS AO 

3*5 
Bedrooms-W ood 
Roo fs Wet 
Bors 
Fireplaces Mony Intros. Coil Collect 249 
2764, 249 2382 or SA 735 3634 

F 
~ 
- 
OWN A. . . 
MIKE KINDER O R IG IN A L 
IN 
OAK VALLEY • OAK CREEK HW 

5o1 FLEETWOOD 
W H Y W O R R Y A B O U T " J A W S " ? 
Stay home and swim to your own pool, in your own privacy fenced backyard off the large covered patio of this clean comfortable and coly 3 bedroom, 2 bath and den home with abundance of bookshelves 
Fireplace and more rn 
H O L L Y W O O D 
PARK 
$67,7oo 

HILL COUNTRY HOMES 
IN CIBOLO OAKS SUB 

 r i d c a r p e t 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday February 6 I 977 
REALTORS 

WE KNOW SAN ANTONIO 

NORTHEAST 
NORTHEAST 

S E T T L IN G D O W N ? 

Then this 2 bedroom home, loeat- 

A F F O R D A B L E AND 
A C C E S S A B L E 
. ^ 
- 

$32,45o will purchase this co zy 3 th a auiet neighborhood is for 
2 2. 
Built in stereo in paneled v ° u Fresh paint throughout, new fam ily room. 
En tertain friends carpet in living and dining room, on this covered patio. 
Fine I fenced to back yard and m any 
Northeast neighborhood and ac cessable to Ft. Sam . Call 824 more extros. $22,ooo. Cal 653-6364 for m ore information. 

, N E E D M O R E R O O M ? 
Then this 4 2 2 with living, dining and fam ily room w ill suit your needs. 
For your winter chills relax by the firep lace in this lovely open area floor plan. This house not only has a lot of living area, but a lot of yard Price d in mid 
4o s. 
Call tor the extra features. Phone 824 o171 

$221.oo M O N T H L Y 

P A Y M E N T 

 for only $4,2oo eauitv will get you 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths 
This com fortable well mtained home is just waiting for a new and grow log fam ily. W alk to elem entary school. Phone 824 o121 

A P R ID E O F 

O W N E R S H IP IN 

1ooo O A KS 

This well cared tor home has auality features throughout 
Notice the built-in bookshelves in the beamed ceiling fam ily room, the chandeliers in the dining room and the 3 bedroom s, 
2 decorator bathrooms. 
All this and more. To see this home, call 
824 o171 

D O N 'T S P E N D 

 another winter cooped up in _ house that s too sm all for your fam ily! See this big 4 bedroom , 2 oath home in E l Dorado. There s even a fam ily room All this on a big lot and priced under $4o,ooo 
Phone 824 o121. 

S O U T H E A S T 

L A R G E M O D E R N H O M E 

 on 5 acres. Beautiful country iiv ing can be yours in this bedroom, 2 bath hom e featuring central air, cedar roof, separate living and dining 2 sheds and a tank on property. 
Price a reasonably at $5o,ooo Phone 824 
o171. 

N O R T H E A S T 

A P R IM E E X A M P L E O F 

T H E G R E A T N O R T H E A S T 
This fancy 3 bedroom , 2 bath has all the requirem ents for a happy home 
A bright and cheery qarden kitchen and the custom built covered patio are only part of ifs charm A must see today 
Phone 824 O U I. 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 

Outstanding home needs fam ily' 
32-2, open living area, a fish pond surrounded by m any oak trees on o large lot 
You don t know what you are missing until you see this home. Phone 824 
OUI. 

Q U A L IT Y A N D 

Q U A N T IT Y 

O ver 26oo sooare feet of anality workm anship in this 
4 or 
5 bedroom nome near country club, golf course and 2o tennis courts 
Eve n the price is a nice surprise Phone 824 o171. 

RO O M 

 tor everybody in this spacious 
$45,ooo home in 
Terrell 
Hills. 
Larg e fenced yard on quiet street with m any trees 
3 bedrooms. 3.baths, separate liv mg and dining 
Handsom e den and breakfast room. Phone 824 

I Y O U S E T T H E M O O D IN 

F O X R U N 

This easy flowing floor pion lends itself to gracious en tertolning or casuol living. 
It features a wood burning fireplace. wet bor. custom drapes and stereo system throughout 
To see this 
3 bedroom 2 bath hom e ta il 824 
O UI. 

IM A G IN E C O N V E N IE N C E 
A home within walking distance to the pool and tennis courts for the children Eo sy access to Ran 
IdOlph 
A F B or 
Ft 
Sam tor 
I father 
Convenience to Windsor 
J Park M all for mother 
This open 
I living area home with 
3 oedrooms, 7 baths con be boon red on open term s All ot tnis is in Valley Forge 
Coll 824 

B E G IN N E R S B A R G A IN 

Fo r the couple who needs a nice nome and must watch the budqet. 
W e have a choice 
.3 bedroom, 2 bath home 
Form al living room, paneled den, fenced yard Only $29,9oo. 342-3111. 

L A R G E H O U S E FO R 

S A L E - Q U IC K ! 

Like to entertain? You will iii this 
35 ti 
H U G E living area, fireplace. form al dining, breakfast area off G ourm et Kit chon. M ake ofter todov! $53,ooo. 
342 3111. 

HOW TO SN A T C H A 

H O U S E ! 

You can do It in broad daylight! 
W alk riqht up to the front door. 
Look it over, 
M ake on otter 
Q U IC K L Y This older 3/2/2 home is close to North Star M all Lo rge living dining, enclosed patio 
Owner needs to sec! now. 342 

NO T E N N IS C O U R T 

No atrium , no pool, no fireplace. no city taxes, no waiting to move in and no effort to assum e this 4 
2 2 in W oodlake of o reasonable eauitv. 
Total price $41,5oo. 828 
8195. 

S A V E Y O U R VA 

Owner will nuance this im ­ m aculate 3,2,2 in L IV E O A K at less than app raisal volvc 
Open to anyone who can quality tor 
$36,5oo Better h u rry! 828 8195. 

C L E A N AS A P IN 

This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
Pork North to $28,ooo 
Con be purchased on open term s with no down to VA buyer. 828 8195. 

S O U T H W E S T 

T A K E Y O U R P IC K 

 of this 
4 2 1 or 
3-2 I in the 
Lockland Kelly are a for 
$3ooo equity and assum e 
V A louns 
Paym ents of $194 or $192 N O W ! 
828-8195. 

T H E M O ST 

 house in town for $33,8oo. This 4 bedroom, 3 bath home is located behind South Park Moll The I86o tt has both a fam ily room and form al dining 
F ire p lace in m aster bedroom and bba a n il on covered patio 
All kitchen ap pliance plus washer and d ryer. 
W ill not last call now! 828 8195. 

C L E A N A N D CO ZY 

This J bedroom , I . bath home in 
Valley Hi nos oversized fenced carport With storage area. Quiet 
C u ld e s a c and priced at 18,ooo on open term s 
W hy w ait? Call 
828 8195 Now! 

R E D U C E D TO S E L L 

Magnificent vaulted ceilings add a feeling of grandeur to this spacious, sunny home 
Tennis and swim club are availab le for leisure activities. 
494 5221 
(anytim e). 

JU S T R E D U C E D 

D rive by this truly nice home with 3 bedroom s and I baths 
Lorge fam ily room and covered patio 
Excellend condition. 494 
5221 (anytim e) 

B U L V E R D E H IL L S 

This light and a iry contem porary home has a single term ly living areo, fireplace, gigantic gam e room, and lofty ceilings. Set in the beautitul hill to u n lry, it at fords the best in country living, yet is lust m inutes from Loop 
41o. 494 5221 (an ytim e). 

NORTHEAST 

LO V T H E S U N S H IN E ? 

This lovely three bedroom at 
8246 Phoenix nos m any windows in its fam ily room to let the sunshine through. 
E n try toyer, format living room, all built in kitchen, p rivocv fence and yard has m any L iv e Oak Trees. Low 
$4o s. Call u s!! 658-6211- 

LA N D , LO T S O F L A N D 

Under Texas Skies. On F M 1518 near 
IH 
IO. 27 Wooded A cres with w ater and electricity available. Excellent location and great potential. 
For more in­ form ation, call 658-6211. 

B U D G E T H E L P E R 

 aintain low paym ents with our new listing ot 211 B re n d a Clean. 
3 bedroom home with lots of carpet, central air 8, heat, new p rivacy fence. 
Call for more details. $19,ooo.oo. 658-6211. 

P R E F E R A N E W H O M E ? 

W e have 3 & 4 B d rm homes with 
2 bths, dbl fin. garages 
Some have 
F P S . 
E lfin kitchens, carpet, p rivocv fence 
Low to 
Mid $3o s. Schertz. 658 6211 

M E A D O W W OOD N O R T H 

Unique describes this home. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 7 car garage, fireplace with cedar trim ond wall to wall in fam ily room, patio, and 5 big oaks surrounding the patio. Coll 434 2341 for more details and appointment 

B R IN G A P A IN T B R U S H 

This 
3 2 2 
In 
E 
Terrell 
Hills 
Heights with large livin g & tom! 
Iv room could use it! But atter that, you ll have a beauty! 
Assume 6 . 
. 
M ove in today. 
$34,9oo. 699-1)33. 

IO A C R E S 

 ot nd goes with this I year old, 3 
2 2 
L A R G E fam ily room with fireplace, custom concrete block 
4 stall horse barn with auto waterers. 
7 storage areos 
& 
M O R E $63,ooo.699 1133. 

H O L Y S M O K E 

If s vacant & waiting tor you, in excellent N E location. La rg e 3 7 
2 with huge sitting room off 
M osier bedroom that could be 
4th bedroom. Situated on a auiet treed CUI de soc. 699 ll33. 

L A K E LO T 

I M O ST 
A C R E 
ON 
M edina 
Lake. boat dock. trees 
W aterfront tor 
$7,95o. 699 1133, 
Hiles 341 5473. 

NORTHWEST 

LA N D 

About 
2 acre s on 
Smithson 
Volley 
Rd., Ook 
V illage North 
Unit 3. Lots of trees. $7,ooo. 699 

 rn 

P L E A S E L O V E M E ! 

(A il I neea is some T lC . I have 3 
I bedrooms. 1 bath and com e with a DY 
_ W and stove I rn lost m inutes 
(from 
Windsor 
P a rk schools. almost anything 
Open terms. 
$17,75o Coll Reuben at 653 6364 

S H IN E Y N E W , 
JU S T F O R Y O U . 

This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, located in Sie rra North m akes moving cosy It nos te e n so welt taken care of you won t need to do a thing 
All drapes and kit then appliances included tor 
$38 99o 
Mony other features 
Coll Dee Lew is tor details at 653 
o364. 

W A R M A S T O A ST 

 is what you it be to Iron! of the 
F ,P 
Of this 3 bedroom 2 path nome Kitchen appliance include corpet, intercom ond more Root topic negotiable 
$3 3oo equity 
For more inform ation call 
Reuben Johnson at 653 6364 

S U G A R A N D S P IC E 

 everything is nice with this 3 pea room 
? ootn nome located minutes tram 
Windsor 
P ark 
Matt 
D rapes, carpeting and kit eden appliance rem ain Att for a tow $78,9oo Colt Reuben Johnson tor appt 653 6364 

F IT F O R A Q U E E N 

 one look and you’d see what I mean <1 large bedroom s J baths separate living and dining room ana carpeted throughout 
Chon dener and drapes included Cod 
653 6.164 tor more inform ation anytim e 

R E T IR E M E N T IN C O M E 

F ive units of furnished 
I bedroom apts., that stay rented 
Near Ft. Sam $555 per month in come 
Separate m eters. 
Assm equity with 
$254 pym nts or refinance. 494 5221 (an ytim e). 

T W O H O U SE S - O N E A C R E 
These spacious 2 and 3 bedroom homes are surrounded by auiet. trees and open sooce 
Beauufol skyliles and convenient floor plans are extros which m ake these 7 homes a unique value 
W ill sell separately. 
494 5221 
(anytim e). 

W IN D C R E S T A R E A 

Custom Duilt 73 Weston Mobile home on nice size lot 
2 oedrooms ? baths w.tn carport and 2 covered patios Owner will consider financing 
494 5221 
(anytim e). 

D E L L W O O D P A R K 

En io y over 22oo sa. ft ot living area, 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, p an e l ed den, living dining com bination, all electric kitchen and more am enities 
Must see! 494- 
5221 (anytim e ) 

W A N T TO L IV E N O R T H 

C E N T R A L ? 

H e ie is a rare opportunity to own a nome in the quiet, tree filled 
Oak H aven Heights area, priced in me M IO T W E N T IE S ' Values like this are few and far ocfwi-en 
This sunny, spacious 2 bedioom home must be seen to be ap p red ated 494 522) (an ytim e) 

DON T W O R R Y 

About keeping up with the Jones 
It you buy this lorge. im m aculate 
Iv, 

S U P E R LO W E Q U IT Y 

Of only 
I W 
W you can assum e this 
VA loon ond m oderate paym ents. 
Cent heat and air, fenced yard 
Only 
IO min to Randolph G reat buy on this 
3-1' j-1, im m ediate 
OC cupancv available. 654 7474 

P R IC E R E D U C E D 
Live Oak 

 on this great 3 bedroom home in the peaceful com m unity ot Live 
Oak. 
Covered patio, 
Sloroae 
Shed turbo vents and fenced yard 
You owe it to yourself to see this one $72,5oo OO 654 7474 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 

Lone Oak 

 with city convenience when you live in Lone Oak 
4 bedroom s 7 boths fully carpeted with large covered patio ond p riv a cy fence, all appiances included, over WSO sa, ft and only $45,ooo.oo. 654- 
74/4 

FO R R E N T : 
C A M E L O T 

Beautiful 
2 story 
4'7/2 with living, dining and fam ily room with fireplace, large rovered boho O ver 2ooo sa tt of living space near W indsor Pork M a l! 
$3/5.6o per month 654 /4 74 

R A N D O L P H A R E A 

V e ry nice 3 bedroom , 
7 bath nome on large corner lot, 
In eludes range, refrig erator and auiet 
Cut de-sac to toke you aw ay from the traffic. Low mon inly paym ents ot $165.oo Price d right at $2o,5oo OO 654 7474. 

G R A C IO U S L IV IN G 

W indcrest 

 is the only w ay to describe this lovely IOO c brick garden home in 
W indcrest 
F u lly carpeted, fam ily room with fireplace, ond skylighted co urtyard tor the oreeothum b 
You'll appreciate the energy saving double glass windows, too11 
The ultim ate in comfort, for $65,ooo.oo. 654 7474 

C E T R E A D Y F O R SU N 

 with this targe 15*3o swim m ing pool plus 
4 bedroom s, and 
2 baths, spacious living room with cathedral ceiling, separate din­ ing room ond den So much com tort and eniovm ent for so little money For $35,35o OO you ll sure 
Iv wont to sec tnis lovely home 
654 /4/4 

C A M E L O T I 

Super 4 bedroom 2 bath home fully carpeted with finished dou blo car garage. V e ry d e an home in N E part ot town close to 
Windsor 
Pork 
Mein 
Price d al 
$32,9oo OO 654 7474 

 bdrm, 2 story 
? stat aneod of then 

 home in cost 
Garden Estates, you ll be w ay 
3 full bths, tor mot living & dining room, pigs fam ily room with F P New appliances A carpeting, recently painted, woter softener, drapes A mony more ex p o s in this beautiful home. I J J D ons. Me tlfgl 
658 

JU S T L IS T E D 

Spacious (our bedroom home on a corner lot Boy window in tty mg room, fam ily room has fireplace, window seats and cathedral ceding Separate utility room, carpet through put. bit ii kitchen, double finished garage 

C U ST O M B U IL T 

7 Story nome wiin 4 bedrooms 2 baths F u lly carpeted with loran prick fireplace 
Be the first to eniov the com forts of this wed designed home it affords the fox ury ot proud ownership. Price d in the tow 6o s 

654 7474 

T R IB E S IZ E 

Don't be surprised it you con t j (md your fam ily rn this stylish 4 
' bedroom, J both hom e 
Ldroe fam ily room and finished garage witn beam ed feltings m akes it very functional 
Perfect con 
Oilton Come s e e !1! 656 1234. 

 it s ; 
Inei 

R E A D Y A W A IT IN G tar you' 
This 
2 beamoo rn located in a quiet neighborhood has lust been pain led 
New carpet thiooghout tty ling roam and dining room. 
$2/ OOO Cud 65 3 6364 tor m ore in tor motion 

X - C E P T IO N A L 

 l l bedroom home designed with 2 decorator baths, vaulted ceilings, 
I carpet, storage space and more 
(W ait tit! you see the corno fam ily room kitchen with bor pass thru. 
($46,7oo 
Cad Dee Lew is at 653- 
<6464 

W IF E S A V E R 

 carnet ib m ,.on n,,i mi 3, th e large open dying area with carpet tnroogn out. bit in , rock fireplace and fu nctio nal floor D'an m ake this a very in vitmg home Located on a corner loft with nice trees 
This 
4 
Dedr aum. 
2 bath home with 
_____ breukfust bar u 'e u IS lust right J mums tor you 656 1234 jpiestlg, 

IOO 
M asonry 
1o2 C lear Oak 
Mid $4o s. 658 6211 

S E C O N D TO N O N E 

In ll s price range 
Lo vely tpwnnome in 
Crow n 
Ridge 
Three tg bar ms, 2 . bths. cai pet throughout, gorden kitchen with breakfast par K lovely patio tor entertaining 
Form a! living and dining plus fam ily room 6 mony more extras 665o Crown Ridge, 
Low $4o V 658 6211. 

C O U L D N 'T A SK F O R 

M O R E 

This beautiful 3 bedroom , 7 bath nome is located in Sie rra Norm 
All drapes and kitchen go alienees a te included for $71 
Cpl) Dee Lei today 

T R Y T H IS O N E F O R S IZ E 
Living at ifs finest, con be yours rn 1232 Cibolo Trail. Red Horse 
Manor 
B tta fo fak tn g view (rom picture window lit fam ily room pius fireplace & wet b ar 
Four large bedrooms form al living A dining, two decorator baths Ex cedent areg. High $5o s 658 6)11 

LO W P A Y M E N T A M U S T ? 
Then let us show you this three bedroom hom e in U n iversal City 
Central air A heat. fenced yd with trees in front 
Close to at 654 6)64 to see; f 'e m School A snooping areos 
Assum e present loon balance on retd 

V A R E P O S 

AN E A S Y D E C IS IO N TO 

M A K E 

W hy rent when you can buy to r' ness 
Here or some pluses, no 
I down paym ent, less thou 
$2o1 litosm g cost 
J 4 bedroom s; available, some with a i i ond on I atlantes 
VA edgiabdity not re I guiled Con 6 iio i* 4 tor m o te if formation today 

. „ ter est rote or lti.ooo 
214 Ivy Lane 
6211. 

 refinance 
Coll. 658 

W H A T A L O T I 

 this beautiful 4 pear nam * antu lam e has HOO Sa 
Ft ot living 
.pen e 
I near oom and bom is oft o one side 
The size pf me b e e n Oiled mi is bem endoos Fatty orbited, covered patio ond i,Of I 
$66.SUO Coft 653 6364 to see 

N E W H O M E S 

H I R E S T H E L A T E S T 

SC O O P 

 roo ran pot chese O with no down in )**"1 nosing cost i on vein rd need shopping c 

 i-w t ome 
I dint nu illy toe at 
„ rs and oil m otor highw ays 
B y '!* to m eet 
I v a Spec ilitoltons 
Cod I S I l i z t tor de toils 

L U C K Y Y O U 

 i i t w i is m oving and dos heooh dot 3 bedrown I bath hem * need. 
.oo Poneied tom ny room d'sh 
I washer. go epode disposal. cmd napes included 
I m uted neat 
A rn,ism F o r* M o " I j h 'Oft alar 
-tuni« i(de 
H u rry ond ta li 654 
1114% mm P#i *•#%* 

A R E A L D ^ M ^ l ION OF 

A 4 tie cl > IMMU h o " >e designed wt 

P R IC E D TO P L E A S E 

Cozy three bedroom with 
I baths, spacious living orea with fireplace, intercom , range 
?deposal 
A disnw asher, 
F L U S cm ea vat n 
A in w ad in g d'stgnce to Stem A H-gn i c node 
CIO YVdto* 
D r., Converse 
Mid 
$2o s 658 c211 

C O N V E R S E 

L ow t-flubs or this m i ce bdrm , 2 bom nam e in Quad Ridge 
Lo 

 single living a lto with beamed ceiling Mum in kitchen, si par ate utility loom 
P riv a c y fence on corner lot 
M I E m u 
Mid $3o v pied 658 6)11 

M A N Y C O N V E N IE N C E S 
A re gviniubo* if you deride on this three bedroom m Schertz 
Walk mu distance IO Od school levels, I am m onify pork with i e * swim m ing pool scoot hot c hutches 4)5 to rt Ly n n is local et) on o corner lot nos O Sunny 
(>■ •-axinsi areg with o May Win aow 
Low eguit, 
Mid $2o s 658 

SFH 

A P IE C E O F T H E F O C K X 
This very pleasant rock 
3 

 bedroom ) bom spot ions heme 

 with plenty of dying area will give you tost (hot to a prestige 

 area that you win en ic / cValk to 
M acA rthur High 656 1234 

R O S E S R O S E S R O S E 

Surrounding your new 
3 
; bedroom 
2 bath spacious nome in Cam elot 
Im m aculate col pet ed throughout, tow equity with fireplace 
Are wdi furnish me 
I roses — 656 1)34 

Y O U C A N 'T C O W R O N G !! 

I $2o,9oo w ill buy you this forge J 
I bedroom hom e th o wed established o le o 
N ice fam ily 
• oom carpeting, fenced yard 
I and near schools D o n t hesitate 
656 1734 

M O R E T H A N JU S T A 

GOOD F R O N T 

This b eautiful 3 bedroom luxury town house has even more going tor it inside 
— targeting draperies, tam dy room and form al living and dining room A perfect home tor fam ily living and entertaining 656 12)4 

 stuped icjt lls Phone 8 

OPEN 
2 TO 5 OPEN HOUSES 2 TO 5 

H A V E A H O S E ? 

A custom concrete block 4 stall norse barn with auto w aterers, 2 storage areas, boat parking A over IO A C R E S of land goes with this oversized 
3-2-2 near 
New 
Braunfels. 699 1133. 

N E W L IS T IN G 

La rg e 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
G rass Valley. 
F orm al living A dining P L U S a huge fam ily room with fireplace. NSschool district. 
$34,5oo 699 1133. 

F I R E Y O U R L A N D L O R D 

Did you know that your property taxes 
A ad interest on your mortgage are income lox deduc dons? 
3 2 plus L A R G E fam ily room with fireplace. 699 1133. 

A-STE A L 

 lf you hove o need for 
4 oedrooms, 2 2, you won t find a better buy than this beautifully kept NW home. A lovely garden kitchen opening on to o m anicured, p riv a cy fenced 
Dockyard. 
All this, plus a 
Fathers hideaw ay tor 
$31,5oo 
699 1)33. 

T W IN S 

This dulex is located one block from Jefferson High. A corner lot, and each unit has separate elect. A aas m eters, also range A retrig Snort walk to bus A shop ping $79,9oo tor home A income. 
699 1133. 

G O T T H E W IN T E R 

B L A H S ? 

See this sunshine bright 
3 2 2 home with cheery fireplace in liv ing room Quick possession posse blo on this low eauitv loan Lo cal ed in 
NS school district withelem. school in walkinc distance. Only $34,9oo 699 1133. 

F R E D E R IC K S B U R G 

W orkinq F a rm near Stonewall lust oft of Hwy. 29o. 1o8 acre with older home ond various oi buildings. Good wed with 
35o gallon tank 
Sixty two acre presently under cultivation wilt the rem ainder in aood grass one pasture. Coll 341 4484 for detoils, 

H IL L C O U N T R Y - 

T O W E R RD . 

Beautiful 3 bedroom home on a 
2 acres country estate, nestled am ong m any large oak trees 
Well maintained, excellent tor horses. This property is an ex ceptionol buy and is priced to sed 341 4484. 

B E A U T IF U L H O M E S IT E * 

M IL T O N RD . 

7 Choice 1oox1oo lots in Sherwood 
Forest subdivision 
G reat build mg site ■ electricity and phone available 
Owner will consider second lien. 341 4484. 

V A L L E Y B R O O K 

Lowest Eau itv 
In 
Twin 
Creek. 
75’o brick 
4 2 2 Terrazo entry completely carpeted 
Cathedral ceilings in fam ily room with cor her fireplace. 341 4484. 

T IM B E R H IL L 

Need lots ot 
Ro om ’ 
This im m aculate 
3 2 2 could bo your answer 
Huge single living areo with fireplace 75 „ brick and lots of carp cL 34) 4484. 

S T A R D U S T 

15x3o 
G a ry 
Pool with diving board and equipment com alim ents this 1914 square tool 4 bedroom nome 
Two tun baths ond a 2ox2o aoragge 
VA ap praised at 38 725. Owner wants on otter. 341 4484. 

M E A D O W V IL L A G E I • 

M E A D O W B R E E Z E 

This 3 2 2 is new on the m arket and deserves a look 
It nos cathedral ceilings ond carpet thruput 
All appliances except dishwasher. Neat and d e an and priced right 431 4484 

C E N T U R Y 

W alk to Security Se rvice from this 2 story 3 2 C P. Fenced, cen trol heat ond air built in oven witn counter top range. Modest 
Equity and assum e paym ents ot 
$167. 341 4484. 

H IL L C O U N T R Y - 

T O W E R R D . 

Beautiful 3 bedroom home on a 
2‘ . acres country estate, nestled am ong m any large ook trees. 
W ell m aintained, excellent for nurses 
This property Is on ex ceptionol buy cmd is priced to sell. 341 4484. 

B E A U T IF U L H O M E S IT E • 

M IL T O N RD . 

2 Choice 1oox1oo lots in Sherwood 
Forest subdivision. G reat build ing site • electricity and phone available. 
Owner will consider second lien. 341 4484 

V A L L E Y B R O O K 

Lowest 
Eq uity 
In 
Twin 
Creek. 
75 brie* 
4 2 7 
Terrazo entry com pletely carpeted 
Cothedrol ceilings in fam ily room with cor aer fireplace 341 44fa4 

T IM B E R H IL L 

Need lots of 
Room 7 
This im m aculate 
3 2 2 could be your answer 
Huge single living are a with fireplace 75 brick and lots ot carpet 341 4464 

S T A R D U S T 

15x3o 
G a ry 
Pool with diving board and equipm ent com alim ents this 1914 square foot 4 bedroom home. 
Two (uh baths ond a 2ox7o go range 
VA ap praised at 38,725. O wner wants an otter. 341 4484 

M E A D O W V IL L A G E I • 

M E A D O W B R E E Z E 

This 32 ? is new on the m arket and deserves a look it has cathedral ceilings and carpet thruo ut 
All appliances except dishwasher 
Neat ond d e a n ond pi iced right 4)1 4484 

C E N T U R Y 

W alk to Security 
S e rvice (rom this 2 story ) ? C P 
Fenced, cen lr ut neat and air built in oven with counter lop range 
Mode 

T A K E T H E P L U N G E 

With this modestly priced 
3 bedroom, 
? hath home on o nice corner lot 
B u rg u lar bars on bedroom windows, covered patio Low paym ents - easy to own open term s. $26,5oo. See at 
4947 Lakewood 656-1234 

S O M E T H IN G S P E C IA L 

IOO brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with pool and firep lace 
Really deluxe on !'< acre s of beautifully landscaped yard - fenced 
M any extros 
Open terms. Come see at 727o Tree 
Bend rignt now. 656 1234 

 e R O S E S R O S E S R O S E S 
Surrounding your new 
3 bedroom, 
2 both spacious nome in Cam elot Im m aculate. carpeted throughout, low caul ty with fireplace 
W e will furnish the roses — Com e toke a look at 7143 W hitney Ridge off Glen Shadow and Crostw av. 
656 I?34. 

B E R S E R K B U IL D E R 

Priced below appraisal v a lu e 11 
■I bedrooms, 2' : baths, living dining combo ond fam ily room with fireplace. 
Select corpet 
O rab it fast 
$49,95o 
Buy todov and we put in the roses 
In the woods ot Shavano at 
44o? Cypress Woods. 656 1234. 

7722 G rass Hollow Dr. 

L A R G E S T H O M E 

 in 
L IV E 
O A K, but not the largest price. 175o sa It. of liv mg area iii this 4 bedroom . 2 bath, 2 cor garage home with fireplace in cozy fam ily room 
Garden kitchen leads to o large covered patio. 
Lots of carpet, drapes and appliances 
Don t wait tor open house — call anytim e! 828 8195. 

I v?11 Valley Forge C ircle 

''R ID G E N E E D E D 

 to cor-vlete the kitchen, wood needed V r the fireplace 
Pets needed lo the large fenced yard 
Less lio n $5ooo needed to ossum e tins 
3 2 7 priced lower than com parables in the area 
The only other thing needed is YO U 
- call now! before open house! 828 8195. 

W indcrest 

8334 W indw ay 

O P E N T H E G A T E S 

TO Y O U R D R E A M H O M E 
Enter the garden room to your wet hor ond fireplace sur rounded by rooms Of carpeting ond over 4ooo sa tt Ot beauty and comfort, enclosed bv the safety of burglar bars. 
You con I afford to pass this one up. 
$69,9oo oo. 654 7474. 

2319 H IG H L E D G E 

Thousand 
O aks 
Spacious, 
3 bedroom ?' both home design cd tor Lux ury living Fireploc ed Den, W et bar. Fo rm a l en tertaining area. 
Super gom e room 
Mint condition im mediate occupancy Com e buy 
- M ake Otter — Must Sell. 34? 
3111. 

14o22 G ra y Wing, 
Oak Meadow 

Spring is coming 
(so 
Oak 
Meadow - Sh o u ld st Y o u " We 
(ne offering a 
Beoutitul 
3 bedroom. 
2 bath 
S P A N IS H 
Style home that has tile root design 
Single living are a bas fireplace — form al Dining with 
B I 
Custom thru out - $47,85o 
342 3111. 

28o9 Ivy Oak, 
Oak Meadow 

It von look at o nome witn a sharp eye this well built home will be appealing, 4 bedroom s. 
2 deluxe baths. Form al living dining, firepiaced den, wet bor, large cal de sac lot. 
$56,35o 
34? 3111 

S P O T L E S S — 6622 Spring 

Hollow 

Step this w ov to a well kept 4 7 
' 2 with large garden kitchen 
' cmd gorgeous yard. Short walk j to NS elem. school. Go North i on Babcock, left o Spring Time, 
1 right on Spring Hollow, follow 
L i i i l h l i f t Itll ii Mill— 
■— 
UMI— 

13o3o L A R K L A IR 

Larksp ur 
Ex ceptionally clean I 
4 bdrm home 
C arp et) throughout, custom drapes, bit in kitchen includes ret. A sell cleon range 
F orm al living A I dining rm plus tom ilv room I with fireplace 
Beautiful v o id ) with p rivacy fence. 658 6211 

7o27 G L E N M IS T 

W ell kept, 
7 bedroom ! townhom c in 
The 
Glen 
Lg walk in closet 
In 
M B R . 
2 baths ond double co vered ) carport Breakfast bar in built in kitchen, patio and p rivacy I fence. Double door onto entry I toyer carpeting 
Let us show ! you this home. it m ay be what J you’ve been looking tor. 658 
6211 

13519 B R IN W O O D 

O lym pia 
It yod enjoy 
(engining, stop ny ond preview this lovely three bedroom home. 
3 P a tio s , garden kit ellen. wet bar. inter com system 
Spacious fam ily loom with fireplace plus form al liv 
Ing A dining vord. 658 6211 

1o8 F IR E S T O N E 

Greenfield 
Village, 
Schertz. 
Unique three bedroom home in excellent area 
Cozy fireplace iii living room os you enter oft toyer, 
Old fashioned kitchen with lots of cabinets and built ins plus paneled fam ily room, two baths and double c or garage 
A vailab le nil mediately. 658 6211. 

4518 T IM B E R H IL L 

B rick energy saver with fireplace, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double goragc. built ins, and extras aulore! Assum e $78/ a month 681 o66o 

O P E N H O U SE 

 fo u r exciting new all brick homes in 
U niversity 
Oaks designed tor fam ilies that want 
IIH' most out ot life 
Come early, stay late W e ll br open oil afternoon! la k e IH IO West. 
Right on Dc /ovolo, Lott on 
Syracuse ond stoit your tour at our furnished model at 48o? 
Buckneli. 699 1 133. 

E X Q U IS IT E — 
48o2 B U C K N E L L 

 tu rn shed Model home on o spacious corner lot 4 2 2. with separate living and dining, and large tam llv room with fireplace Covered Patio, sn ail w alt to school ond swim dub. 
Yours tor $45,5oo 699 1133. 

S C R U M P T IO S S P A N IS H 

— 4815 Clemson 

Lovely two story 3 2' . 7 that combines the feel of Soonish styling with the casualness ot 
South wester ii living. 
The 

NORTHWEST 

T R E E S W IT H A 

T O W N H O M E 

 m o ts rig h t1 
W e hove a 
3 bedroom deluxe beauty. Fo rm a l living den, mony extras, close to medico) center $32,5oo 347 31)1. 

Three Levels 

 ot living in this 
21oo sa ti. 
Soonish 
Contem porary 
3 2 7 in 
Oak Glen P a rk 
N aturally m ere I is a fireplace in the 17/4x14 lentil 
| 
Iv room 
Combinotion dining bv 
I mg areo 
Circular drive and other extias all tor a (ow $52,95o 
Move up Now- - Cull 878 8195. 

SOUTHWEST 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 

Am ple for fam ily livin g) in this 
2174 so ti 
4 2 2. 
Firep lace, built In's in (ami 
Iv room. Self cleaning oven ond m any other extros 
I urge separate master bedroom dressing room. 
494 5221 (anytim e) 

 tro ncr courtyard sets the mood cmd the huae kitchen ond (am t iv room with fireplace continue 
I argo bedroom s m ake this home unbeatable ot 
$43,6oo. 
699 1133. 

D R E A C O M E T R U E — 

4822 W esleyan 

M ake your dream com e (rue with this 
1768 sa ti 
4 2 7 designed to meet any living style 
Huge fam ily loom with ta (’Dicier, inform al dining, and o gracious room off tin 
I-- 
I rciz/o entry that m ay lie used tor either form al living or din mg us your oerterence die totes AM this and closet space alote tor only 
$46,3oo 
699 yalpi 

NORTHWEST 

F IN A N C E $22oo E Q U IT Y 

 and move tnffor next to nothing 
3 bedroom, ? both, central air and heat, home 
Living, dining, large b u iltin kitchen, included refrigerator, assum e $787 a mon th 681 o66o 

A TO UC H O C L A S S - 

13715 Pom ona 

Light, brighi, and fresh as daisy 
This 3 2 2 with form al living and dining room s ond a huge fam ily room with 
(nop lace is waiting tor your tom ilv 
Gorgeous bock yard with trees e ve ryw h e re for only 

 ii 
■ .... mu 

Dellvtew 

(535 C herry Ridge) 

3 bdl iii, 
I balli, single car garage 
Comb living 
A dining areas 
JO* IO ti cov patio 
B u ckstall 
A sealed eaves 
(no 
(/hinting) 
Open term s Call 6/5 

Hill country land with 25 8 acres on beautitul rolling nills 
12 miles southwest ot 
K e rrville 
Phone ond electricity 
Flow ing springs 
E a s y terms. 494 5721 (an ytim e) 

You con see forever from this beautitul hilltop location near 
Hw y 46 and 28! North This rock home on 2'* acres bos 3 spacious bedrooms, ond a huge oil rock fireplace to anther your fam ily around oil those cold winter nights. 494 5221 (an ytim e) 

H O R S E S H O E B A Y , L A K E 

L B J 

A unique opportunity to puce hose some ct tile finest lots ever available in this prestige area 
Various zonmys priced horn 
$2o,ooo to 
$1oo,ooo 
494 5221 
(anytim e) 

T H E O W N E R S 

 of this H O L L Y W O O D P A R K t bed room beauty hove spored no expense in then dream home 
Now they ore m oving! You ll tic enthralled by the distinctive en try, H U G E tireplaced den t xtra large master has distinctive both. La rg e lot 342 J i l l 

A N E S T FO R TW O 

W e have a love nest tho! would delight anv discrim inating love birds! It has 3 bedroom s, plush carp et' 
I IC H T , 
B R IG H T 
A 
M IN T condition $25,ooo .142 31 11 

G E R O N IM O F O R E S T 

2 fireplaces ond o park like acre lot m ake this home espec lolly od pealing tor those who tike to gel owov from it a ir 
494 5221 
(anytim e) 

G R E A T N O R T H W E S T 

Located lust minutes Irom the 
M edical 
Center. 
U SA A . 
U T SA and Lackland , the. spacious 
I bedroom 7 both hom e tits the needs ot a growing active fam ily. 
494 5271 (anytim e) 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 

This spurious new home is designed tor entertaining and eosv living 
The fireplace oed lorge sunny rooms m ake this chor ming home lust perfect tor on active fam ily 
Recently reduced 494 5721 (anytim e). 

D O N 'T B U Y ! ! ! 

 until you see this listed 3 bed room, 7 balli carpeted home with lorge living, tidy window break tost areo, built rn book cases, Ona lots ot b ack yard privoc v, assum e 
$175 a month 681 o66o 

G A L L O P IN G RO O M 

 tor horses or kids 
On 2 acres with 3 bedroom , 2 bath. carpeted close in country hom e l o * 3o s ond quick possession 681 o66o 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T 

Beautiful 5 ? 7 with balcony overlooking 2 story fam ily room. 
Professionally landscaped, large pecan trees ond cedar snake root 
494 5221 (an ytim e). 

SOUTHWEST 

Eq uity and Assum e 

I bdrm, 2 bolti, dbl cor gar ope in tins nice home l iving and dining 

SOUTHWEST 

M ove In Now 

3 heir iii. I both, carport iii this home in the 
Volley 
Hi om o 
It 2x11 5 It patio 
F a u lty ond comb sepal ate t R 
B re ak fast o s v ,m c * U>, OO a month c all 67, nook A bar 
12x39 tt patio. 1465 
- 

T R Y IT !! 

You'll like the custom built water bed that dom inates me 19x11 m aster bedroom, 
This 3 2 2 is minutes from 
U SA A , M edical Conter and 
U TSA. 494 5221 (an ytim e). 

 a c r e a g e 

Now is tho time to invest iii this beautiful 
28' acre tract located just off Hwy 
281 N. A sweet water well ond a stream bomhine with the fertile black earth to make this a perfect spot tor a small farm operation 
Home with 2 fireplaces and a barn is included. 494 5221 
(anytim e). 

T IR E D O F P A Y IN G 

R E N T ? 

This 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, patio home in Babcock Norm is a good s ta lin 
W ith double cur pent and side yard tor storing rec i optional equipment 
To! ins a te open ten your convcnieni e 
Im m ediate possession Call 824 o171 

 sa 
It of living a re a 
Call 6/5 

All B rick 

La rg e 3 bdl rn , 2 both, dbl tin gaioge 
I or mot living A dining areas. ) R with F P Cent air and heat 
16x12 it coy patio 
Hob bvt OCHI 
New carpet 
Open term s $37,95o.oo. ( git 6/;< 7157 

Btq & Elegant 

Spat loos 4 liar iii, iii new home condition 
2 tall bath double garage 
I xiellen! location, con yemen! to 
Lackland. 
Kelly 
A hoi inside sc hools P i Ic od to sell 
C all today tor guest showing 675 
7152. 

V A B u ye rs 

Nothing down to VA ho ve ls on this 3 bdrm . I'.- bath. smote ta r garage home 
H as central air cmd heat. 1ox7o It patio ( lose to bases $71,5oo OO. Colt 67.5 2152 

M eadow Villag e ll 

No down to VA b u y e rs !! 111! I 
Lovely 3 biti in home w ill! gat nae converted to den 
I (n ae potto 
Carpeted. IV antenna and stereo wired 
Only $21.9oo oo on open lei ms I all 675 2157 

71 - 

Close to Shoppina 

 t. ow equity ond assum e this 4 bdrm, 
2 bath. home 
In quiet residential or co Com eling, cen trol air and heat lunge Call 6,'5 
2152 

FO R T H E P L A N T N UT 

A super clean 2 bedroom , I bath home G reen hon se Ona ottte' tine features' 
A home you ll eniov 
Phone 824 o171 

L A T E C H R IS T M A S 

A real surprise package is this 4 bedroom, J bain, HRIC k home in 
N W best am a. assum e only $31) o month 68) o66o 

Westwood Village 

3 bdrm . I bath, to rp o r! Central air A beat 
B re ak fast bar in kit then 
M any large trees 
W ater softner 
Low equity one! assum e 
$1/2. Call 675 71 57 

Volley Fo rest 

Over 
I /M) so tt living arvo 
J brit rn, ? hath, large shady lot 
I arg ? den with t I* and wet bar 

C L O S E TO L A C K L A N D 

Need 
Icpgr hom e? 
4 large bedrooms 
New listing 
Owner anxious lo sell this beautiful, welt kept home 699 1)33 

NOW S T H E T IM E 

 to stop paying rent cinct m ove into that home you've niwovx wanted Look cit tins 3 bedroom . 
7 both. fam ily style home l o w equity ot 
$15oo and low paym ents $256 6S6 1234 

I 

A L L A P P L IA N C E S 

I go with this carpeted 2 bedroom 
I lownhome with large living coon 
| ti y kitchen, central cur. near j sc hoots and hoses, assum e $t 7o cl 
I month 68) o66o 
I 

S O U T H R ID G E P A R K 

 spacious 3 bedroom bath and n| halt, aurnge home, with bright and a iry garden, dining and kit ellen, unusually low equity, and low, low monthly paym ents 681 
o661) 
I 

Cozy 

I ins 7 bedroom , 
I bain home with fam ily mom, 77x8 screened porch. 1ox1o storage shed, near 
Kelly, newly painted nside and out and on a large tot 
Only i i I OOO OO Cull 434 7341 for m ore details. 

O W N E R A N X IO U S 

O wner going overseas, most moke a quick sale 
J bedroom , bath. large paneled hying j area and a low equity with a low price Call 434 2341 tor m ore info and on appointment. 

LO W LO W E Q U IT Y 

IOO brick 3 bedroom s with w all to watt carpeting in each, 
2 
Oaths, 
2 car garage, fam ily room, A M E M intercom thru out, dishwasher, garb age disposal, vent hood, range, refrig erator, washer, d ryer, fence, and patio 
$35,ooo oo 
Call 
4J4 234I for details 

A LA M O H IL L S 

A good buy tor 
$35,ooo oo in 
Alam o Hills, 3 bedroom s uh with won to wall carpeting, 2 boths, 2 cai garage, polio, fence and dose to convenience stores ond 
4IO Call 434 7341 tor details and appointment. 

W E S T G L E N 

E x tra N ice well kept nome Only 
$19,6oo OO has 3 bedroom s, oil wail to wan carpeted 
2 Paths, carp i ted living arni tom ily room and priced for a (jute k sale Con now (or details i i i 2341. 

NORTHWEST 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 

I This beautiful hom e on lorge lot would be perfect for horse lovers or large fam ily 
3 bedrooms, 2 
I bath, central heat and air. wall to 
I walt carpeted, large (over. 656 
1731 

A V IE W O F B U L V E R D E 

This luxurious Vfcft sa ft con tem porary nom e has m ony customized extras that m ake it unique 
La rg e gam e room with beautiful view, large work shoo, and elevated balcony patio D are to be different. 656 I?J4 

H IL L C O U N T R Y V IE W 

 lf inform al living is your life style then com e see this lovely 
Spanish style home with endless view of hill country 
3 spacious bedrooms, 2 baths, giganlir kit then areo. Assurge or refinance 
656 1234 

B R A U N ST A T IO N 

Lo vely 2 story with country type living 
This 2 story J bedroom 2 bath 
2 car garage home has corpefjng thru out, 
2 living areas, appliances, lots of oaks and a brand new double fireplace with custom doors dividing the fomtly room and liy mg room Coll today. 434 7)4 1 

C A T H E D R A L C E IL IN G S 

P riv a c y patio, ond lush, green ivy highlight this colonial 
3 bedroom, 
7 bath towntiome, kingsized furniture Ok. lots al room tor little m oney and only 
$2o7 o month 681 o66o. 

Eau ify and assum e paym ents of 
$167 341 4484 

T H U N D E R B IR D V IL L A G E 

! This 3 bedroom with carpeting in leach. 
2 baths, 
I cor garage. 
I large living room, freshly pain ted inside ond out, polio, and 
'fence con be yours tor $27,ooo oo 
Coit now tor Info 434 2341 
(5415 
SMvertip 
NAZ) 

T O W N V IE W E S T A T E S 

Patio lovers 
This 
J 2 2 
IOO brick bom i has 2 of them 
On forge lot ond in a Cut de soc with built in electric kitchen, p riv acy fence and extra nice 
Can 434 
2)41 for more info. 159o3 Town 
W ay - N W .), 

B E A U T IF U L 
C O N D O M IN IU M 

Colonies Norfn 
I bedroom s w ar corbet in ear h, a c lob one powder born, 
? cor garage for moi gibing are a appliances electric gat age door opener secorgy locks and much m ore 
434/2341. 

P R IC E D F O R A Q U IC K 

S A L E 

For $22,7oo OO you con live In this 
I attractive i bedroom , I . baths, 
IKjneied tom ily room, burgior 
| bors telephone locks, dim m er 
I switches, lots of storage (losers. utility room. and on a large lot 
I Cult *" 
( * ' bs • - mm 
2 141 

S U N S E T H IL L S 

Better than new 4 bedroom . 2 bath, garage, central heat and air, carpeting, and within walk mg distance to schools 
Only 
$25,5oo or assum e $189 a month 
681 o66o 

H IL L C O U N T R Y V IE W 

Cozy 3 b°.aroon! dollhouse with cenfrol neat ond air outage, patio, -arpetmg, built In kltrhen, as* 
.ie paym ents below 
$2oo e 
o6c,o. 

C R E E K FO R S A L E 

 and will throw in f B E I a 
3 bedroom, 
2 both. brick estate home (ca tu rma fireplace, singli living area, 3 lorge bedi porns, bolti 
In kitchen ond a 
3ox75 workshop M inutes from M edical 
Center 681 o66o 

T O W E R IN G T R E E S 

 shade this 2 bedroom cottage, fucked a w a y iii quiet neighborhood com pletely modernized 
Assum e 
$133 a month or refinance $17,95o E H A 
VA 68 1 o66o 

, 
F O R E S T E D 'z A C R E 

Piu s a well loved and welt cored 
. for 
3 bedroom, 
? bath double 
! garage home with form at living, 
Igig.* den, boti! in kltrhen, carpet, g „d 
UI1 extra special 
I ybgdv, secluded, b r- a n g st patio j Only V II,JOO I HA VA 681 o66o 

G A T E W A Y T E R R A C E 

W alk to security services H U S f reshiv painted 
3 bedroom 2 bath home with gorooe Has air and appliances $18,7oo No clown on VA loan 6/4 5411 

N E A R L A C K L A N D 

An outstanding value 
M odern J bedroom I both hom e with pay clients of only $178 Eq uity below 
$2ooo 6/4 5411 

L A R G E F A M IL Y ? 

Sm all budget Ask about this tan tosticatlv flexible floor plan In 
Valiev Hi 4, 5 or 6 bedroom s. 2 baths plus lots of living m e a. over 
18oo square feet tor only 
$22,7oo 6/4 5411 

L A C K L A N D K E L L Y A R E A 
Com fortable 3 bedroom 2 bain home In Valley Hi 
F rest! point, centra! air /heat and m any oilier extras N ice shady yard Assum e 
$2o9 paym ents. $25,5oo 6/4 5411 

G R E E N T H U M B ? 

Ask otiout Ibis J bedroom home near Lo ckland H as separate tty mg rooms, dining room and den 
Central air heat, appliances and carpeting. 
All this plus o greenhouse for 
M om 
Only 
$2o,65o Paym en ts of $153 con be assum ed with fen son ab Ie down paym ent 6/4 5411 

M any luxuries 
A down to VA buyer open fen ds Cull 6/5 

 exit ll-. 
N< 
$15,6oo Oil 

Heritage F a rm 

3 bdl in. 7 bath, dbl cor gar nae home 
H as separate 
I R. cent 
A U . breakfast area, covered 
(latin, range w aler softner, and turbo vents Open term s $3),6oo 
Call 675 2157. 

H E R IT A G E F A R M 

Must sell tost 
I his 3 befit oom home with beautiful wall to walt in each, 2 baths, 7 car garage, patio, p riv a cy trill is applianc es, large living room , and an enc Ins ed tlower anrden iii front 
M uch more Call 4 14 2341 tor into 

GO O D D E A L 

A amid deal Is a tow d im ly , low price, and iii H eritage f a rm Out ot the c itv limits w ith s bedrooms, 2 baths, J c a r pm nae fence, palm, appliances m any shade trees, shrub- flowers 
Only 
$79,975 oo last tulip 4 l l 7341 

 and and 

G atew ay T e rrace 

 fq u itv cinel assum e 
S I'ti OO a n ion lh on I his i heir rn. 2 btifh on* torpor* belime, htrho vnnK, 
I wdti tin conditioner 
Good buy I Coll 6/‘j J I '*) 

Norfhside Schools 

3 bdrm , 
) bath, sinple car unrapc 
Includes centro! air cmd heed, 7*1o patio, electric range 
Kitchen 
& dmmg room. 
E R comb 
I unity and assum e 
Coil 
6/5 7152 

V A L L E Y HI 

 n til Volley HI with the I oi fences iii Kelly and Lack tai r you 
I hts home has bedrooms all wdli w all lo we atheling, I' . tKiths, paneled Ii eg r oom and fam ily room, fear *- if Hit v room, new root, and ISOM 
.q uoic feel Only $19,5oo OO ‘ ah tor appointment today 4 14 7141 

A D A M S H IL L 

Stay coni Mutably w arm bv tin fireplace iii this i 7 7 brick inuit in Adam s Hilt Mas paneled turn tv room, by windows, unfit cc lighting iii kitchen, 
17x7 e n tii doable oven. dlsliwcishei garbage disposal and gas bar t one 
Im m ediate occupancy un univ $(9,MHI (Kl Cull 4 14 2.141 

W O U L D Y O U B E L I E V E ? 

There is still a $1o.POO home This 
7 bedroom hom e has cocpehng, alum inum siding. enclosed 
F lo iIda room Nice fenced yard 
VA and o r MA financing availu h ii wlfh total m onthly paym ents below $1oo 674 5411 

C L O S E TO L A C K L A N D 

Nicer than new J bedroom I bath with garage 
H as air, up phancrs and curphng. Vet ye lean and well decorated 
$18,85o 
Reasonable equity ond assum e 5 year old loan al $14? per month 
674 5411 

V A L L E Y HI 

Well kepi 
4 bedroom 
2 balb borne 
L a rg e master bedroom 
Has a n , carpeting and ap phone es 
Reg nice fenced vend with covered patio. $73,ooo 
No down paym ent to qualified VA buyer or con go f H A 674 5411 

Close to B ase s 

E asy access to Luck land IS Kelly 
A F Bases. J b d rm , 2 bath, single car oarage 
H as F R , BreaK fasf bar, form al living 
A dining areas. cent. air ond heal 
In nudes range 
A refrigerator 
I quite A assum e Call 675 7157 

Big C orner Lot 

4 bdrm . 7 bath, single car garage on corner lo! C entral an A heat, 
14*11 ll palm Norfhside school distrief F a u lty and assum e Coll 
675 2152 

Lak e Pro p erty 

 i I bdrm, J bath. dbl car garage carp et thru out 
(loaf ram p and 
(Kirk availab le to resident 
One block from M edina t La k e 
Open term s $15,ooo Cull 675 7157 

IM M A C U L A G E 

V ery d e a n 
3 bedroom home on the norfhside 
It conies with 
I enc ed yard and m any ti ult and pecan trees, lo w m onthly pay merits of $187 OO C nil fat an appointm ent today 
P ric e d lh the low 2o‘s. 653 /4/4 

N O R T H W E S T A R E A 

1/11 H illcrest 

Quality plus in this 
I bedroom 'I balb home with I 
IS brick. 
I enced yard, sunken living room, dishwasher anet disposal and rcinue 
Don'! take a 
< bunce cull today, 654 74/4 

Lacklan d T e rrace 

3 bdrm , 
I bath, single car garage Mas central m r and heat f (replace in fam ily room, dour root bras, 
1o*1o shed 
I 6oo %q ti of It 
Open term s 
$37,ooo 
(rill 67 
2152 

IN V E S T M E N T 

P R O P E R T Y 

 one block from Hw y. VO 3 bedroom home on large lot, with good com m ercial 
'ol iiplentlal 
For m ore in ig aren form ation, call our office today 654 24/4 

 today tor more info 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 

Huge 5 bedroom 2 story home on 
3 acres $?71 square bret, 3 lorge 
„ 
_____ bathrooms, carpet a fireplace. 
^12 SZ2 an island kitchen, patio, pool 
I 
"I?/ 
IJ9 
' ' room, gam e room, sun deck, wet 
L i i ' opptionc* _ bor study, 2 norse Stotts and ll? 
G arag e cre verted to Ideo! 
I located in 
Wmdwood 
Estates 
,am ,*v room $25,OjO 342 J I ll. 
I C ull 434 2341 for m ore details 

A T E R R R IF IC B U Y 

I H ere s a chance to Buy a tot of for cg m p orab yely lithe 
4 garden kit 
Cenfrol 

$15o A M O N T H 

 ond a sm all equity buys this J bede oom. both ond a half, I car outage home featuring centiqi heat and o n . and tai ae pat to, rust possession 681 o66o. 

 t T O W N V IE W E S T A T E S 
/S e, brick j ? ? paneled tom ilv room, to rue patio, pro vocy fence*, spdfcen Nvina room rntth cathedral 
AM*''TM 
I mtercom thru oui pat*# a a fden and appliant e v Call 434 7)41 for more defatis* and an up 
I pcnntment 

J E F F E R S O N HI 

Is where your children will gi actuate if you own this ail rock with detached garage ond q uarters 
New condition, j# location, E A S Y T E R M S 
Rhone 824 o17). 

C A S T L E M IL L S B E A U T Y 

This 3 bedroom " bam , all brick beauty has aft the en ira* f ) r epiCK © intercom irater soft ner, el#© tm ski cab© door opener and m any mciwy mo re. 
>r bless tonoily 
I far all the 
;» 

M O U N T A IN T O P R E F U G E 
You con see 25 miles from this ed living home on 4 o n e s 
I baths 

N E W ON M A R K E T 

 in Hoi|yy»oba earl* 
This bi# and beautiful 7 &tory nos 4 bedroom s 
3 hams, breakfast roam, 
2 pak: orgies and a spite lout lot 
Handsome*v appointed * d h all the O ff rd features you have rn an ted 
Phone 824 o1/1 
N iles tSS 
§421. 

IN P O P U L A R 

S H E N A N D O A H 

V ery close to U SA A and U T SA , you will find 4 big bedrooms. J babis cmd 2 living areas with tnat open feeling in this lovely well m aintained hom e 
The tireptote is in the paneled (am ity room 
Snown 
Oy appointment 
Phono 824 o171 

 reti bedrooms, 
7 baths and 
38 carpeted living are a 
This ultra modern home is tor the person who wants something different 
656-1)34 

A B R E A T H O F 

F R E S H A IR 

I And plenty ot 
I oom for fortable living in {fulverdi 
I large bedrooms. I bah spacious living room ore fireplace. See today at 1 
6.56 I JJ4 

M E D IC A L C E N T E R 

A screened in ond covei edpabo add extra hvooihty to this alread y com fortable J bedroom, 
2 both home 
Livin g room bos 
I fireplace Lots of carpeting 
Ask 
1 pouf the twenty six extras in this 
I home 656 1234 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G C IT Y 

C O N V E N IE N C E S 

Enjoy the open spaces of B ro o n I t ,, s ci (lur!. . 
S'otion We ho ye n j bedroom. ? j J..,!, 
? u‘ ‘ baff. Beau ty 
S.nyte ti 
M 
---- 
Single hying area, 
TO TA L 
E N E R G Y 
SA VE R home fur Only 
SJ4.55o. 

F O R E S T H IL L S 

 garden home bu in this to 'ely 3 
P f 
. baths carpeted j living room and dining room, i lcimily room breakfast area. kit m en large patio, p ritocy fem e. 
I on appliances und m ore 
4)4 

 bedrc 

C O U N T T H E T R E E S me large v o id thor pros ivo ty to this oh 
B rie * dioom , 2 bath nome 
Kmgi istei with dressing ai ii «*- smgte hying ai cptuce. H u rry won I lust 

P f 
34? I H I 

E N D O F T H E L IN E 

 sellers pf this lovely 
4 room. 
2 bath hom e hove neb the encl of lh# line They 
I sell* ll is truly o beauty rn 
I condition 
Covered Polio, fenced landscaped yard 

LA N D LA N D LA N D 

 s/e J Looking for com m ercia! na J p e rty7 We m ay have lust 
‘■h I your looking for 
We nay lu cre s for sale across from 
I Mmoles its a good com m e lucalign witn great potential Cad 
I oui office now tor in fur motion on 
I (his property 
Don I pass up a 
Once in a htefime ch a m e 
Call 
4 J 434 2341 today (Ban d e r Road! 

 pro snot 
I 72 
Old 
'etal 

L A C K L A N D K E L L Y A R E A 
Well m aintained 
3 bedroom 
) both home with garden kitchen 
Has carpeting, air and range 
$7o6i down and toke over 
VA paym ents of $146 i i i 5411 

N E E D S S O M E P A IN T 

B u l priced to self J bedroom I ’-j 
B A T H H O M E 5 IN Valley Hi Has air and range Paym e n ts of $153 can be assum e with reasonable equity 674 54ti. 

$135o T O T A L E Q U IT Y 

 tor this lovely 
3 bedroom bath home with borage C enti air heat. all appliances a j carpeting thru oui 
Assum e pc meats of $714 6/4 5411 

T O W N H O U S E IN 

V A L L E Y HI 

2 bedroom, vanity bath. a carport Mas central air hei appliances. carpeting. ai opes 
Eq uity negotiable rn tents $151 6/4 5411 

Quiet Neighborhood 

J bdrm , 
I 'y bulbs, converted got age to fom tly room Cent air and heat, covered polio, electric (civc jllu b lf range, carpet in hying room, holt (fo r m a t io n m 
Open term s 
2152 fam ily 
I?),4oo Call 675 

I 35 A C R E S 

Klq$by A Salado Creek 

I oned tor multi unit building*, 
Lots of lr p ts on 
*rfy w ith all utilities 
F or m ore in call our ollicc- anytim e 654 74/4 

 grope 

M in i See to Believe 

La rg e 4 Bdrm , 2 bath, dbl finish j id garage Comb living and din 
; mg are as Separate fam ily roam 
I Central A rs H, carpeting, ft 
(o vere d 
• rh igerutof. 
Open term s 

 pain alia 
17.5oo 

MI 
Runge 
A furniture 
(u h 
675 

N ear Fo rt Sam 

 lust m inutes aw ny from 
Fort Sam Th!* J5 brick 3 bedroom, 7 both borne with jfomily room, porciuei, 
'floors, patio, built In dou bin | 
(Oven, vent hood, aarubugc disposal and turbo vents tor 5)o,5oo oo fu ll 4J4 ?J4 ) before ifs too lute 

123o Sa Ft. 

4 bdrm 
2 doutM#* 
Itf* fj€jry«4 tetHirat* I*vmi# and clifty 
«feat feni*c»k<£i t ttor c orjH't*'»y, 

 mr 
Qua 
I to 
VA co vrr« d t>uv*r% 

A D IS A S T E R 

 dias been converted to one of the nicest homes 
In ifustw o od 
Village 
This 
I 
!bedroom, I bath home con be refinanced tor only I 
$ 18,5oo on open term s 
No I 
(town to VA buyer. 8)8 8195 

Low Ea u itv 

 rye bom. 
IU## iii#r 

S O M E T H IN G S P E C IA L 

IOO brick 
J bedroom, 
? both home with pool anti fireplace R e ally deluxe on 
I 4 acres of beautifully landscaped yard — fenced 
//any ext!u s! Open term s 
6-6 1734. 

C U ST O M W H IT E B R IC K 
F R A N K L Y S W A N K 
As 
,ou e m u thy oisM nftiv* 
Beautiful home on three plus sol mo the entrance to for moi acre country estate 
M ony large nymg dining oteo your eye* will 
Oak frees surround this 
3 (ne draw n to the cut sfone bedroom. J both brick hom e in .fireplace in 
H U G E den 
J baths 
Mostei 

 drown bota brick home in fireplace t iiis r areo 
Best buy in (ne ooms, 
, 1 t i 656 I/ '' 

W IN D SO R M A L L 

S H O P P IN G 

 ti convenient to this large 
4 j bedroom ) Porn home in g nice j established a re a 
Short d rive to { 
Ft Sam m oses a twice as nice 
P rice d to set! — low equity 636 
1/34 

S SS H H H ! 

B e quiet' 
D o n t disturb the peaceful tranquility Of this lovely 
» o n e estate beautiful 
J bebloom 
2 both. 7 ( ar garage 
Barbeque P** covered polio and low tow oui of city taxes in one of me Quietest a rtu s Cull anytim e 
8)4 QT71 

S K Y L IN E V IE W 
*Ni*> I twat 
2 i tyQf i*#© frow# 

 his 
^ 
Ut 
■ ■■ 
EQ ‘#<3 kuftp# 
Only w SOO U t 3 

LA N O LA N O LA N O 

I VV# have I CK 
Of S tay tify! iohf3 

 j *of tote rn Ot«S t hit pf# 
[ has m ony lr ##§.» a t un ©mg j <fom Ona big m im ing hoi## 
•or tho## hot s lu m m e r d ovs 
{C all 
414-2141 far rn or# rn form ation ood d e tain on tm* f sn ciod p#*€# of property 

B E S T B U Y IN TO W N 

2 bedroom lomnhomv opp toe*to ad . Control atr/h ro i on a ppiiOhc## 
I", dpi tv fvCM 
Hcjym#nt% ti#*#* 111#, M ove I limnedMXhHy fc/4 M i l 

V A L L E Y F O R E S T 

 l ord# 
1 2 7 
Mi t «< lo w # o remj only % ffunut## from, fc #Uy #r I 
Lackland 
Clo## to tchooH and poof 
Ma*) a*I a a i pl'Kinc## and c a f pot thro omi 
A r#o* khowfrom# %i 7 VOO &/4 >411 

111 iff mo cir 

DON T TOUCH- 

P A IN T 
-W ET 

B E R S E R K B U IL D E R 

M in ed below ap p iaisu) value'• bedroom J boths living amin caiwpo and fam ily room wit fireplace 
Select carp el 
G rab 
Mist 
$49 95(1 
Buy today Oil we po* in the roses 656 12)4 

IM P R O V E D W IT H A G E 

 his 76 year aid 2 star y bouse us done lust (hot 
5 corge led 

 the 

This 

 r t $ 

B E G IN S 

 igh< at the front door 
Oi ae I hying are a with tn 

L A N O L A N O LA N O 

Heed kind located out of capot fro v t 1$ act## thai rn p o t i# |i tpna property has a harped ne* ok*J t% i fo r information to il 
4|4?|41 
Don I fMjSe§ ifri# ysfl if ffli% wO&t if ou loo* ifeh for 

 anted 
I R , 

127oo form#. 

‘ j A C R E M O B II 

H O M E LO T S 

#t* r on?m o 
V mc idea* for 
L #/4 #41» 

IL E 

Townhouse 

I frat#!, i eh#rn* 

(f: ti % 
I VZ 

Valley Hi 

I path, id fp o ft F r e iP ly m kid* and oat C cir prim p 
■ion ana ©ne bedroom . I t 
< ondt*toner un*!, on* ti nutty and a w arn * 
I month (.uh 62> SHW 

W E R E H E R E TO H E L P 

Put you into your own borne fr y 
Inis m odestly, pziced, clean. 
3 bedroom ! home with lovely den lo in 
Near schools-1 te r m s , 
5)o.ooo 
656 

 nome 
I I-ICI X o p e n 
Y ? 14. 

D enver Heights 

Ju st reduced to $14,ooo oo 
D ont lei Ibis slip b u y '! ! ! 5 bdrm s, 
2'.- baths la r g e hying, dining 
A f a m ily rooms Could be used os a, duplex 
Open term s. 
Cull 
5/5 ?1 S ? 

JU S T L IS T E D 

 na dii cher 
IIH, w i n 

A P A R K for th 

 painted and s p * 

•id elbow room (pcated 
16) assum e $318 a it 
‘-finance $385o 681 o66o 

 ter tap ir 
(tying 
"'elud ing a beaut dal view Eq u ity $7 5o* ana assum e vow monthly paym ents pl 
$189 *56 1214 

I B E D R O O M S 
F I R E ! 

A 

I % rn ria t lam tf#ini* 

TOUCH O F C L A S S it life would have in this 
J bedroom, 
I oath atneoi ai 

 m r e p l a ^ e 
HB . im tiding TS i frrtck, I i tar tng\ fry**'*#, 
##o o * af# lifting 
IMH# ted d*»!< tu tti* tut! fir4N$, i auaif y * itch#? tat # af I aam . 
IK M 

 rn : frMk ark 
14o VOO- M i 

W IN IE R D O L D R U M S ? 

 c d* 
Ytt/c se n d s with a new hum# Coil atte of our agents for appl 
Su see TOV judith Anti in 
Sc nertz w ed kepi r h 
Bange, dispose for lower utility velds 6 e x 'ra insulation nos fore" ab aca F enc eg ya re 658 e l l I 

 ceilings 
1)o1 month and low sourly affordable for i nosxx si aet.in ase >234 

S T A R T M E R E IIM 

I'ntrxxliniiT tna VfoiC f " kl home * this ii? p.. nil liv e ly 
J W a r aunt hum* u*t«' s path c Any entente a--a s a a -tai t 
Modestly pitied and neat os a a-a 4(9 fog easy tingnc mg 6fo 
UU 

L U X U R Y » B E D R O O M S 

 r>ciffr%, a*>yfM# an # a##„ im 
I#* FKj#§t‘ ti Hurl 
#t#fr tityai-otL# farm #* 
*f<**m a i 1ofj| ngu 
I** hen log » v U< n ett O. plus 

G E T OUT O F TO W N 

 i d one Ives the country is your iiiu n c r 1 We otter es negc boi-i ne 
I wo 
"e has 
I hear oar 
PHK e-. 
I o n 
J ita l I n. Good Wert, all tensed 

W OOD S O F S H A V A N O this J Ped*'MMS- i Poth Beauty wax o ted*-.t ed Poi od* et Hon**-* with Oh me Ira I N SS you em oy 

O O N ’T LO O K T W IC E 

T H E R E W ON T B E T IM E 

N#%ff«Nx UffrtOft© I ti ti fit'<4 Vtf ##f 

, m jM f- i# Um i i 
I i i # i i f r y if w § t rn 
; I 
M i tK|? in j twat jilPfrk* 2 twit fry 
: !#|mHRmn rn mb m 

I . h##TV# with f#iy t #„ c#*i# ©f th# HH hmifow*r%h %n tis# fir©* id 
•frt #cfro<d% 444 J j4t 

H A R M O N Y H IL L S 

 nome 
La rg e living areg, 

 ureal tor entertaining 

N E W H O M E S 

 ten * KH id OOo 
* D 
8M8y##*fSt Id 

Assume $149 OO a Month 

B E G IN N E R S D E L IG H T 

I G el a good «>forf Wifti this J I bedroom home located in I 
C herry 
Hills kitchen up i nuances, carpet, br eon to st oreu, and m ore 
Coll 653 , 

6164 lo see today 

F A L L IN L O V E 

Oui KIU hen I custom sex ap. 
S’ o n gi I exit 
M id 

 im* un 
:## im m 4f>3 tot#* 'sift1 

 g ii it-a tip I o jsi* * r f to#? mon 

 foe designed • " 
W A i- 5 5 C L O S I N G ' N ' 

I " b 
I'* 
* ? : 
7 ' tm . 
S P R IN G IS C O M IN O 
! «-ih*-gv cal pel 
Outage 
-4Km> 
Axo-Obx* «yc« tea lute •* krt'e 
Cam# 
Se* th,, ptiti m d nigie w a 'f *« you se* the Po** k##t * 
) £** * 
** . bed* oom home w in xf o f o ul 
£•w & T J/ts a rt t t u n ftn .n j.- •Cfxet; s r ss* vs.‘vSr tt jiff- "?. W pm «, 
IS.■4 | f f 5 r t 5f lB S !r * 
IF f T w w ” ’" - * 

 aa**- tbuiit - 
BMI' 
Pe si 
(awe -ug 
‘uSMkrtTm 

•.rte I bed* gam home foal.*.-- 
WH* HS-lt d wifpMgae. 
**•!*» . 
I-,-day i, 

■ aam kgs to 

I 

W a n t 
A d s 
CALL 
225-1666 

HOURS 

8 A .M . to 
5 :3 o P .M . 

M O NDAY thru FRIDAY 

I 

ANNOUMC (M INTS 

I o6— GwrsonaU 
I OS— Lost and Found 
11O—-Spacial Notices 
I I 7— Professional Notices 
114— Entertainment A 
Vocation Guide 
I 18— Lodge Notices 
I 2o— Bids A Proposals 
122— Official Publications 
I 24— Legal Notices 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NPW S— Sunday February 6 T9 7 T 2Q1 ■ REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2D1 • REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2B1 -REAL ESTATE M T O 
2o1 • REAL ESTATE W TO 

J IO - SPECIAL WOTICES f ANNOUNCEMENTS^) C ^ J lf IPII'JI—JWBW—U»—W»I)A MU—Bl— I ii —IM IHI HGI GlhRGMta B' >—» 1 rn IM J rn*** 

 n o - 8P tsuvi n o n e ts n o special to m s 

• (Al (STATI 

2o1 — Beal Estate Notices 
2o2— Open Houses 
2o4— Property Out of 
Town 
2o6— Condominiums— 
Townhouses 
2o8— Apartments, 
Duplexes 
21o— Houses— Northeast 
21 2— Houses— Northwest 
214— Houses— Southeast 
216— Houses— Southwest 
218— Houses Moved and 
Wrecked 
22o— Houses far Trade 
222— Miscellaneous Real 
Estate 
224— Houses, Sale or 
Rent 
226— Suburban 
Property— Acreage 
228— Resort Properties 
23o— Lots 
232— Farms and Ranches 
234— Farms and Ranches for Rent 
236— Commercial 
Property— Sale 
238— Commercial 
Property (Lease) 
24o— Commercial 
Property (Wanted) 
242— Industrial Property for Sale 
244— Industrial Property for lease 
246— Industrial Property 
Wanted 
248— Office Space for lease 
29o— Office Space 
Wanted 
| 252— Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
254— Real Estate Wanted 
< 256— Bool Estate f i 
Loans— Notes 
, 
258— Bool Estate Loans 
Wanted 

DOUBLE BOHNS A D S5! 
SAVE YOU 6o% 
Merchandise only — 
Class 928 Private Party Household Items 
A N«w to w Rote for private party Merchandise Advertising called 
Double Bonus Ad* will deliver result* at Texas-Sized Saving* of 6o% These ads ore exposed to 293 ,ooo potential buyer* Daily in the San Antonio W ant Ad Supermarket (3 3 ,o o o more than the light) 
The Double Bonus Special is deboned to provide o reduced rate for individual* who wish to sell thing* they no longer need Tne special rate of 2 lines, 6 days $3 makes it profitable to advertise low-cost items suc^> os baby furniture or used appliances 
The only requirements are 
1 
Only private individuals are eligible for this 6o% money saving rate 
2 
The ad must be placed for six days lf the item is sold before the six days are up, you may cancel further running days of the ad but the full rote will be charged (In other words, no refund Or rote adjustment for unused days and no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1 o % BY 
M A ILIN G PAYMENT W ITH YOUR AD 

.— ■I i i i i i i 
..................... 1111 111 i i i r n r r r n 

 p i 
1 1 i i r r i i 
.............................. i i i r n i r r n 

3 
1 r n i i t 
T m 
1 1 
1 
1 1 1 1 1 i i 1 
1 c m 

4 r r r r r r r i i i 
I 
I 
I 
I m m 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I r r r m x 
] 

S 
M 
T I 
I 
I 
I 
I l l 
I l l l l 
N 
I 
I 
M 
I 
I T 
T 
T 
T 
T 
T n 
H 

RENTALS 

3o2— Mobil* Homes for 
Rent 
-Apartments Earn. 
-Housekeeping Apt. 
Furrs. 
-Apartments, Unfurn, 
-Houses, Duplexes — 
Furnished 
Houses, Duplexes— 
Unfurnished 
-Houses, Rent or 5*11 
-Rooms, Furnished 
-Rooms, Unfurnished 
-Rooms with Board 
-Want to Rent or 
Loose 

4o1 
4o2 

4o4 
4o6 

4oB— I 

41o 
412 
414 
416 
4 1 B 

BUSINESS 
OPPOOTUNITIIS 
$ 

5o1— Business 
Opportunities 
5o2— Business O p p o r­ tunities Wanted 
5o4— Money to Lend 
5o6— Financial— Invest­ ments 
SOB— Oil Rropastions 
SIO— Money Wanted 
J12— Instructions 
514— Instructions Wanted 

(M A IO V M INT ii 

6o1 — Professional 
6o2— Sales 
6o4— Technical 
6o5— Resumes 
6 o 6 — A d m in is tra tiv e — 
Financial 
6o8— Secretarial 
6 1 o — Office A Clerical 
612— Medical 
414— Skillt-Tradet 
A 16 — food-Drink Services 
B IB — Bort Tim* 
62o— Help Wonted 
Miscellaneous 
622— Domestic 
424— Situations Wanted 

AUTOMOTIVI 

J 
. ~ 
, 
7o1 — Antique s-Coilec tors 
7o2-726— Sports, Foreign 
73o-743— Cars— Fer Sal* ar Trad* 
744— Customised Cars— 
Speed-Bacing Equip. 
746 — Trucks A Commercial 
Trailers— Buses 
74B— Motorcycles— 
Scooters 
75o— Wanted-Autos, 
Trucks, Trailers, 
Motorcycles 
752— General Auto 

754— Tires— Ports— 
Accessories 
756— Auto, 
Financing— Leans 
75B— Aircraft 
Services — S upplies 

•IC M A T IO N A l 

BOI — Camp e r s - Traders 
8o2 
Motor Homes 
8o4— Boats, Motors 
•o 4 — Sporting Goads 
BOB— Hunting A Fishing 

M O B Ill K O M IS 
MMB 

B1o— Mob de Ham* Sal* 
• 11 — Mobil* Home 
Rep* I r s — Insurance 
• 12 — Me bd* Heme Park* 

Mite hanoi Si 

9o1 — Bas mess Equipment 
9o3 - Budding Materials 
9oS "■' Cartable Buildings 
9o7 — Furniture 
9o4— Bawn Brokers 
• 1o— Appliances 
912— Fla* Martlets 
414— Antiques 
416— Arts. Crafts, Imparts 
4 IR— Coins A Jewelry 
42o— Camara— Photo 

9 22 
Musical Instruments 
424— Nurtortot, Gordon 
926— Machinery— Tools 
428— Merchandise Mort 
43o— Merchandise 
Want od 
432- Auction Sat# 
4 14 
Business Dites tory 

 ooos—Pits ye 

9 1 6 — D o gs-Cats-B ird *-Pots 
93R — Poultry-Rabbits-Bees 

 iiv is t o c x 
’ 4 m 

9 4 o — Ll ve sie ck - Feed ■ 

9 4 I — Produce 

942— Faros Equipment 

 ft tea (isitAU UCC 
•NUM#* 
%#♦ 
**•»« hb4*a 
>41 — Deems l o t — C m d e t t herm s 

IB F — Fl o ri sts — (io u # # 1 
144—. t une rot De pc tors 

 figure the coit ol your od (lorn these low rotes Deduct IO*', for 
2 HttO S . payment with your order These rates are tor private party wont ads 
3 lin g s and apply to sir consecutive day insertions 2 lines minimum Ap 
A lin g s proximately 31 spaces pm line 
S lin g s 

Please cheet your od the first day it appears N O ADJUSTMENTS 
6 lin g s 
TOR ERROR CAN BE MADE AFTER THE I IRST RUNNING DAY 
7 lin g s 

$3 .oo 
4 .5 o 
6 . o o 
7.5 o 
9.o o 
1o.5o 

NAME. 
PHONE NO. 

ADDRESS 

CITY____ 
STATE 
ZIP 

START DATE 
CLASS. 

MAIL COUPON TO 
KXPRESS-NIWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P .O . Box 2171 
----------- 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 

 o r c a l l . . . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 
$ B E A M » 4 » m 
$ A X $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ < $ $ $ $ $ S $ > $ $ 

M r 
& 
M rs 
W illiam 
R 
Angelim proudly announce the arrival o f their baby 
BOY: 
W illiam R 
Angelim , 
Jr. 
7 lbs 
4 oz, born 
January 2 2, 19 7 7 , 

M r 
& Mrs. Robert Fenton dez proudly announce the a rriva l of their baby BOY 
James Ramos Fernandez, 9 lbs 6 oz born January 2 4, 
1 9 7 7 

M r 
& 
M is 
G reg 
A 
F our mr.-ntin proudly an nounce the arrival o f their baby 
BOY: 
Allan 
Scott 
Fourm entin, 6 lbs. I 5 ’A oz born January 2 4, 1 97 7. 

M r 
& Mrs 
Paul D 
Frater proudly announce the ar n vol o f their baby 
G IR I 
H eather Ann Fraser, 3 lbs 
I I oz. born January 
2 9, 
1 9 7 7 

M r 
A M rs Cltgio G . Reyes proudly announce the ar riva l o f their baby 
BOY. 
Rudy G 
Reyes, A lbs 
12 oz, born January 23, 1 9 7 7 

M r. & Mrs 
Isidro Suarez, 
Jr. p io u d ly announce the or rival o f their baby 
G IR I: 
Valerie Ann Suorez, 7 lbs 
8 oz born 
February 
I, 
19 7 7 

M r & Mrs. Harvey J Turner proudly announce tho a r­ rival o f their baby G IR L 
Angela M arie Turner, 9 lbs. 
I 2 Vc oz born January 23, 
1 9 7 7 

Mr 
& 
Mrs. 
Roul 
P 
V illarreal, 
Jr. proudly an­ nounce the arrival o f their bab y BOY: Rout P. V illa- rreol. III, 8 lbs 
14 oz. born 
January 24 , 197 7. 

M r & Mrs W ayne K W eiss proudly announce the a r­ rival o f their bab y 
BOY: 
Jeremy 
C linton 
W eiss, 
6 lbs. 
12 oz, born Januory 
2 4 ,1 9 7 7 

To P la c e Y o u r 
B irth A n n o u n e e m a n t 

C o ll M s . J a m e s 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

I * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

1?o BIOSE PROPOSALS 

IN VITATIO N FOR BIDS 
The Urtxin Renewal Agency of the 
City of Son Antonio, Texas will receive 
Bids for Alterations and 
Revisions a1 Market Square in the 
Rosa Verde Project, Tex R-7B, in­ cluding the installation of unk, water heater, vent a hood, exhaust fan ond duds os well as elednco! and 

SUE W EE M S 

AS SO C., REALTORS 
826 o6o6 

TERREII HULS es*ar oevc* m o 
All brick home rn choice location, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, formal ond in­ formal dining areas, large den ond 38 ft covered patio, central heat ond air Mid SO s. 
826-o6o6 
822-9327 

HILLVIEW AREA 
(harming 2 story in Alamo Heights schools, 4 (arg* bedrooms, sunken den with De'Hanis tile and fireplace separate dining room, beautiful kid ney shaped pool. low 7o s. 
•26-o6o6 
822-TMA 

KIRBY 
Assume equity on this idcol first home, I large living area with fireplace, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, large kitchen with refrigerator included, beautiful plush carpeting 
826-o6o6 
653-5259 

MACARTHUR TERRACE 
Immaculate, spacious 2 year ald 
Spanish home with 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, separate dining roam, fireplace in Wing room, family room, pius large game room, all the amenities, walk to school ond shop. 
349.9oo 
826-o6o6 
826-3365 

TERRELL HILLS 
M IC ! RIDUCID 
A unman family home with mony great features 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 
23 ft. master bedroom, large Saltillo tile floored den with fireplace, 225o sq. ft. In the SO's. 
826-o6o6 
826-5964 

V IR G IN IA CERVENKA 
REALTOR 
6 5 5 -5 1 3 1 

B O B J O N E S ' 
REALTOR 
344-2341 
^ 

ANTIQUE LOVER 
You'll love showing off your antiques in this 6S year old 7 story brick home. Huge rooms1 3 room furnished apartment above, 3 tar garage. 2!/t year old pool. 
Beryl Weigand 
344-2341,342-6436 

LUXURY HOME 

KAI EST ATI BUDGES 

"D O N JO H N S O N C d 
^ 
NORTHWtST.................. 344 3o781 
MORTH CINTRAl.......... 494-77’. I 
MORTH IA H 
828-8241^ 

Colonial Village, near Med (enter and 
USAA. 4 3-2, formal living and dining area, large den with fireptoce, 2 master suites ond beautiful kitchen, 
(overed patio with gas grill. In­ tercom, rot system, ond many other features Mid88o v 
Coll Mrs. DelaGarza 
344-2341,696-1956 

BELLVIEW 
3 bedroom, I-216 bath home with patio, large storage oreo, close to schools, bus ond shopping and under 
32o,ooo 
Vera (Biller 
344-2341, 344-BM3 

W ANTED 

ONE LOVELY WIFE to en|oy the spacious kitchen in this scrumptious home! 24x19 single liv­ ing oreo with fireplace, separate din­ ing room, split bedroom ar­ rangement, low equity! 
B*rwl Wainnnil 
^^^r9 ye Vv^Bg^viWi 
344-2341, 342-M56 

 lovely, both, den, location 

E. TERREII KILLS 

 immaculate 3 bedroom, 
2 cor garage, great 

 plumbing os indicated on the plans ipared 
Architects, Inc until 2oo pm (ST on pre; by Martin and Orlega, 

IQS 
PERSONALS 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 

A NEW MASSAGE LOCATION 
O utside city P rofessional mas seuses 1271o IH I. North between 
O'Connor 4 Judson Md*_________ 
Anyone knowing the whereabouts 
1 of B arbara F re ire Hayes, C orol d in e F re ire B a y b o ro , F e lix j 
Comales and Josephine Comales 
I (h e irs et O ro P o n d s), Joseph ! 
| M anuel Aootoio, Jr . Lea B illy j 
Rvynosa. Leon Bennie Apostate 
I Jr., Donald Apostolo. loan Apos 
I toto. and ony other heirs of Leon ; j B e rn ie A p o sto lo . S r,, c o n ta c t I 
| M a u ric e In d e st, A tto rn e y , 234 
Loyola A ye , New Orleans. LA i FDITX 
O A T f i G A L O R E ' Meet Loca l 
I lin d ie s C all D a te lin e to ll tre e 
; (Foot 451 2245 
I E n la rg e Y o ur C irc le at Single 
I F riends Join 
SU BU R 8A N SIN 
{C L E D A TIN G SERVICE 
Call 
*54 IJH . W rite (411 M ichelle Way 
Son Antonio Texos 76239________ 
F >pecfin« Unexpectedly? 
I Cob Vicki or Jane of it J es* ires 
(Call Collect) Tney have been in 
; your shoes ond they want to help 
All alternatives discussed 
_____ 
FOR HELP with un unwed area' nancy, cat) Edna Glaonev Home, et w orth, t x i poo re J no* 
M atchm aker Inc 
Smote* l l M yrs, m lroducions 
: 
844 m s . )*« IIH 
Thank you V irg in s of San Juan and 
Guadalupe tor favor* granted vTb 8 o t a p e s , m o v ie s ond 
I shows te n d to r C a ta lo g C in ­ ema Vison, P O Box SMT*. HOV* 
! fan, TX HOSS 
W A n t e D 
G entlem an w ith in 
. come to shore form *242*o* 

AU DITO RIUM 
A ir c o n d itio n e d to r w e ddin gs, receptions, dances, etc Holds up to «So peo pte 
G re a te r S A 
Builder Assoc 
89JS N W 
IM IO 
49* MOO 
A Aauaot Cleons clogged dr oms and sewers bast - plum bing repair too One call does it all, prices before we s ta rt Seven days a week Call anytim e M I *11* or the white pages toi A Aauger 

A T O U C H O F C L A S S 
Best looking g irl* in Texas mas­ sage at PARIS HUBB l l Beauties to choose from Open IO 2o am to 
Jam Directions 4*2 2994 

I O T lo s t r n m m 

T lS u^S ^TTTow ^ddgTbrTw irriocp m ature female 244 4242 r s r r B ud nog pointer (m ixed) gray and black, B rochan grog 1 
1*o4 and Nacogdoches F a m ily 
I pet, *94-/242 
I est 
D a lm a tia n dog- HOO W 
Woodlawn, nome 
Spotty \ large soot on left eyo, 414 IH T Reward fem ale grey War wegian 
Elkhound red collar name 
M n jig * * , 
H a rry 
W u ria o c h 4 io 
249 *4*9 anytim e 

 l 5 sT 
H ighland Hilts M iniatu re poodle block w ith brow n m ark mg 4** 2o** 2 2 /Wee REW ARD ' lo s t in 'vicm pf W ^ ro ig sm all m ixed temcne com*. «>« o412 
L O iV 
Jan f( , v ic in ity ^auto's 
St. Ft. Sam, male cat. Iona hair 
Cake#, thin cotar 
J* Rabies shot and togs 
Reward i 224ooo* 124-4*7* 
LOST 
M ale beagle C onverse urea REWARD *19 119o 
1 LOST mole Snepaid mixed bree?, black and white long haired dog. 
; in NE ared, o Connor Rd vie tnt 
: tv. Reward *S* ;*o t 
H R T m m ature charcoal block poodle with red cottar Vicinity et 
229 Stirutgwood REW ARD Catt 
12* FOTI m r aid narrow whit* gold wed ding ring. t diamonds sentrmea 
I RN - value, generous rew ard 

 i i i ? 
Sat 
Jan )y .« the liv e 
Pawns Or area, near Lackland I yr aid ternate To* Poodle grey 
; on* to Misty 
Reword *14S te t 
: lo s t 
Small bines poodMt, temple 
I "D a is y " F re d e ric k s b u rg ond 
Champer* area 
REW ARD 
ARF-HTS m f U t I FTF "Tig**' 'T ing: Jan 
29 vie la it* C rysta l Oux-ne Ca aestgurgnt Reward HT se** 
North side Aet Detective Agene y 
We find tost Pots /J* Ast! i T S I f B " l i r a . , c *'n „ OotTT 
B lack w hile Braw n paws SAC atop Nae#* mea Blue Bandana j W 6 D I*, F8R FAIR______________ 
P i Af ABD l6 » T White Fe mu lo 
} Tm* Ie * Poodle G ut at p m ta 
Town View i skates Puppy needs 
_ 
I* en Foetid! Diet 
Ft* O H 
' H T S 
IF»p»r* r.FJTT.ru fro m to le N A * V IN D * pad e t 
GARRISON No OeOkk*** U M I* 
H H 

COWBOYS 
DISCOUNT 
On m ost exotic m assages T ry it You ll Ilk * i l l PA R IS H U BB . ; open IO TO pm to lp m *92 2*9* t 

FORREN! 
H ourly or dotty A u ditorium ond > 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, great fer music, clubs, 
P o rtia * , w e d d in g re c e p tio n s , ; m e e tin g s of o il k in d s 
C o il 
244 422* N ear N o rth S tar ond 
Cenlrol Pork M oll______________ 

 free” 

WATER BEDS 

EXOTIC 

MASSAGES 
Given bv the Foxiest G irls rn Son 
Antonio Best place to Reiox ond unwind "Feat Better Fast ‘ Out­ side City Lim its Open IO JO to I urn Directions. <92 1994_________ i i Honda H atchback 
4 speed* i Oir. 2212o *91 121o eves 
I am looking tor a country house 
Live in in exchange tor m g in lrn once ond security w ill take co r* of some animals Call *9 *O H I or 
I A G W U 
Jiff* P ies* instant b ru itin g 
A tut! set vie* p rin t shop near you 
1*o* McCullough *211 Son Pedro 
I PG I SW M ilitary Dr 
*2o! F ro d o n cktku rg Rd l i t t o hop tody pi Son Pedro 
1 !* 'lo ite r Health Salon.. 

 tbs I /th day of February, 1977, at 
418 South Santo lend Street, Son An tonio, Turn 782o7, of which tim# and place oil bids will be publicly opened ond rood aloud 
(ontroctt Documents, including 
Drawings ond 
Technical 
Sped ficotions. ore on file at th# office of 
Urban Renewal Agency of th* (ity of 
Son Antonio, Texos, at 418 South 
Solfa Rosa Sheet, Son Antonio, 
Texas 782o7 
(optes of the (onftocf Documents may be obtained by depositing 
55ooo with th* Urbon 
Renewal 
Agency of th# (ity of Son Antonio, loxes tot roch set of documents to obtomed lath such deposit xnll be refunded if the Drawings and Cen- tract Documents are illumed rn good condition within TO days ofter Bid opening 
A certified check or bank draft, payable to th# order of Urbon 
Renewal Agency of the (tty of Son 
Antonio, 
Texas, negotiable 
US 
Government bonds (at par value), or a somtoctory Rid Rond executed by the Ridder ond on acceptable surety, in an amount equoi to five percent 
(54k) of th# total of Rid for (on struction shall be sumbttted with each bid 
Attention is colled to th# fort that not less than the minimum salaries and wages os set forth in the (en tract Documents must be paid on this protect, ond that tho Contractor must ensu'J (hot employees ond ap plkobie for employment or* not discnmmoted agomst because of their roc*, coho, religion, sex, or notional origin 
The Urban Renewal Agency of the 
(ity of San Antonia, Texos, reserves th# right to toted ony or oil Rids or to wovie ony intocmalities in th# bid ding 
Rids may be held by th# Urban 
Renewal Agency of th# (ity of Son 
Antonio, Texas, fat a period not to exceed thirty (JO) days from th* dot* 
I Rids for th# pur pose of reviewing the Rids ond in of the opening cd 

 yeshgoting th* quoMnofions of Rid dors. prior to awarding of th* Con- tiort 
Urban tow* wot Agency a4 Mw 
Qty Pf Son Antonio. Texas 
B y D o n a ld 8 . W illia m * 
Ti t in F ro jo c * C o o rd in a to r 
D a ta : F o b . 5, 1 9 7 7 

BACHLOR OR 

BACHLORETTE? 

Built with you in mind 2 bedroom, lorge living oreo, built in kitchen, privacy fenced polio and only 
318,5oo 

GOOD INCOME 

 oho nice quarters on this mobile home pork, 1oo% occupied, load worth asking price 

^ 
STERLING B U R K E " 
REALTORS 
834-6331 

CASTLE HILLS 

(orner lot, well maintained home ond grounds, closed circuit tv, lots of 
Hying space 

OWNER ANXIOUS 

I Spacious new 2 ond 3 bedroom polio 
I homes, located in northeast Son An 
I tonio, spectacular view 

FOR LEASE 

 cetoil, warehouse 
Office, northern Son Antonio spore, 

S C IA R A BELLE C A T H E R ^ 
REAL TOR 
|^ 
344-o375 

SUBURBAN 

Imposing Colonial S bedrooms, 2% boths, great ploce for children. Priced ot 582,5oo 

DUPLEX 

Immoculote 2 story — could easily be converted to single fomily home, 
Jefferson oreo 336,5oo 

NEED TAX SHELTER? 

 like new 4-plex. 1oo% occupancy. 
Excellent north central location. 
362.5oo 

344-o225 
696-3793 
344-8462 
824-6828 

^ H O D S D O N & A S S O C .^ 
REALTORS 
674-3552 

2 STORY 

Beautifully maintained 4 bedroom, 

2% both, high elevation, large form 

 ly ond living oreos, assume 327o per 

 mo on 7% note with equity 

LOW PAYMENTS 

 located on hug* wooded lot, 3 

 bedrooms, garage, central ok heat. 

 plush carpeted, and appliances ONLY 

5135 mo with equity or refinance 

CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 

Sterling B urke................................. 8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 
Pete Cantu (N o rth )....................... 7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 
Pete Cantu (S o u th )....................... 5 3 2 -7 5 o o 
Clara Belle C ath e r......................... 3 4 4 -o 2 2 S 
Virginia C e rven ka......................... 6 5 5 -5 1 31 
Gase-Baker....................................... 6 9 o -8 9 9 o 
Hodsdon & Associates................. 6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
Don Johnson (N orthw est) . . . . 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
Don Johnson (N o rth e a s t)............ 8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 
Don Johnson (North Central) . . 4 9 4 -7 7 1 I 
Bob Jones (N o rth ).......................... 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
Bob Jones (S outh).......................... 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
Dale R iley.......................................... 4 9 4 -3 5 4 1 
Sue W eem s & Associates............ 8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 
Gene W ilson ..................................... 6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 

CASTLE HILLS 

Elegant 4 bedroom, 3 both home on pork like lot Draperies, wosher ond dryer stay. Fireplace ond bookshelves in large 'emily roam. Adjoining lots also for sole. 383,9oo 
344-3o78 nftei 696-o866 

RANCH LAND HILLS 

Shorp new 3-2-2, with wall to wall carnet ond fireplace (onvemenf to 
Ft. Som ond Randolph New home warranty. 334,ooo. 
344-3o78 nitoi 733-1339 

HIDDEN FOREST ESTATES 
Worm and elegant Spanish Con- temporory home with hooted pool ond tennis courts. Situated on well treed 2 acres. 6 bedrooms, 4 full baths, islond kitchen. Mony extras. 
$177,9oo 
494-7711 nit** 494-2163 

SENECA ESTATES 

Choice location 3 bedroom, 2 both, corner lot, ottroctive front entrance, lowest price in oreo. 346,5oo. 
494-7711 nit** 826-3o35 

TOP DRAWER 

This very oftrocive 4 bedroom, 2V» both home in Popular Son Pedro Hills bos plenty of Elbow room, wall to- woll carpet and fireplace in (hurchill district ore but o few features. Just 
555,85o 
828-8241 nit** 494-385o 

OAKHILLS 

Be hove lust listed this delightful 4 bedroom nome. Beautiful lot, lovely fireplace, ond extras 
Immoculote condition Only 367,5oo. 
828-8241 nit** 653-2437 

KEY PEOPLE 
-KEY PLACES 

PETE C A N T U 
REALTORS 
736-4296 

146 CROMWELL lovin (or# bos been lavished in this 3 bedroom, 2 both and den home 
Beautiful wall to wall carpeting real fireplace, custom drapes included, lovely kitchen that includes stove, ref cinerator, dishwasher ond freezer, double garage. Owner must sell (all 
735 19/8 

6 6 2 7 BUENA VISTA ST. 

Spacious fomily home, 3 bedroom, 2 both, livmg-fomily room ond kitchen, 
2 cor goroge. Only 518,5oo. (lose to 
Kelly VA, EHA terms 733 8176 

^ 
DALE RILEY 
REALTOR 
494-3541 

IN BOERNE 

An ocre, 3 bedroom home in need of remodeling, oho mobile horn* pod with oil utilities, huge oaks. 

COMAL COUNTY 

IS min. to loop 41o, 4 bedroom, 2VV both 
Over on ocre low county school taxes TREESH Mid SSO s 

NEWLY LISTED 

Northeast oreo. 4 bedroom, 2 both split level, comer lot, pottos gator* 
Vocont for immediate occupancy 

REAL BTM! M M * 

GENE WILSON 
REALTORS 
656-3441 

PARK NORTH 

Spacious 3-2-2 fully carpeted, oil electric kitchen, covered patio, pnvocy fence, large yonI with lots of trees, low 3o s. 

NORTHEAST 

3 2 2 largo fomily room with fireplace, lots of carpet, A tool buy j 

 priced of 342,5oo 

BRICK 'N SIDING 

Plus comer lot, privacy fenced, this 3 j bedroom h fully carpeted, built-in I electric kitchen, turbo vents. Priced in j 

 the mid 3o’s. 

OPEN TERMS 

On this 3 2-2, conies with built-in I electric kitchen, AM FM intercom freshly pointed inside and out 
Assume with monthly payments of | 
5248 Priced at 332,25o 

B O B JONES 
REALTOR 
533-7163 I 

BELLAIRE 2 BEDROOM living, dining combo, masonry] front, paneled heot-2 oit conditioners. 
Carport ond storage 
WALTER HOWARD 
533-7163, 923-o836 

PLAIN VANILLA 
This 3 bedroom home in Bellaire is | ploin vanilla Only 315,ooo 
GEORGE IEE 
533-7163, 534-5565 

A GREAT PLACE 
For horse ond children, on this 5 ocres, I with brick 3 2 2, plus barns, sheds and j stalls. 
JOHN WINN 
533-7163, 624-2474 

WILL TRADE 
5 'i ocres, located on FM ISIS, nice] lorge home, 3 bedroom, 2 boths, fami ly room, carpeted. Built in stove, cen trol air ond many extras. What do you | hove to trade. 
1oUISE BARING 
533-7163,621-2o49 

COUNTRY LIVING on I ocre plus 4 yeor old 3 bedroom, 21 both, Texos size living oreo, dining] area, walk in closets. 4 car carport, I 
14x33 swimming pool. $4ooo equity | moves you in. 
ROBERTA WHITE 
533-7163, 333-8763 

G ASE -B AKE R 

R E A L T O R 
69o-899o 

TW IN CREEK 

Quiet living on this huge cul-de-sac 

 lot lorge rornor fireplace 
Fully 

 carpeted. Only $29oo equity, buy 

 owner says "Moke OHer NOW1" 

LOW EQUITY 

Near Lockland, (leon 3 or 4 bedroom 

 with cozy fomily living. Only 325oo 

 equity let us show you this one 

 today! 

12o BIAS I PROPOSALS 

J 

. 3 

I rigid# fling I lf (tty HOH shall be submitted 

« 
V*«F 

L y n n *i 
*2* >49* 
M A U a G e I An 6 FA C IA L* 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
P rice Shop Com pare S till lea tu r in * 1*72 M assage* o f 19/3 
Prices Comet Meet our Beautiful 
New 
M e c h a n ic s ". S om ethin# new comma soon11 
THA SOOY SHOPPE, *92 JPR! 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Yr raduia defeat* 
AH occasions 
M M S ** 

 p' lT sW X " * I i ' v i'Z 1 1 A r i A'S 
ANTONIO at I I I Auditorium C ir­ cle is now open to accept Blood 
Cloners You w ill fee paid tor your donations Phone 222 J9*» 

S K I 
Nave M a n e * , C o lo ra d o 
C harter your awn piano. Cabin 
Class Twin with Mite phene Duad music 
TV. Meals en b o o d U M per per tan (party at I), round trip 
R u id o so . S IF *. A lp e n . V a le , 
Steomoofet. OK Wen experienced pilots using h r*! cid ** e«uipm *nt 
Ais* by mg tith in g trips business trips You opine ll. we ii tty H it 
FIRS T I t * A l F L Y IN G SRK 
VtCR 
L a 
I R*w J* IR pr t ( d b l* ti 
S 'U N f f l 'V i P i m t ' H e il A ru”. 
Mu n u # * ti em t i # Free Sound 
>22 IM I ava Beant* Rd 

Y o u ’ll be Min**ed i t the bargains you find in the 
Want 
Ada! 

Coll 225-1666 

•ID S WANTED 

I Seeled M s additive* to lh* 
(tack, Gty Hall Son Amora*, lexos b< received fer IC I FAM OE (HOF 
MENT in or I or dome with plan* one 
(pacification* en Hie in the Office af 
I Oma* H Acosta. Enqmeenng Division, fourth floor pf Cl 
I 
The bid* duphtate, the envelope containing any Md to be endorsed as Mow* 
!IC ( F U ! DEfflOFMfNT 
A TWENTY if IYE DOI LAI - {525 oo) - deposit 
) wiU be required en eoch set of plans ond spec Hit attorn 
3 
A (ashlers (heck ac bid bend payable lo the order of the City of San 
Antonio Texos, rn an amount not loss than five poi cent (SH) of the toto) bid. must accompany each bid es t guarantee mot if awarded the con tract, the successful bidder wG pre mptfy enter trite • centred end tx 
•cute a bond im the Stamford forms provided es euHtned rn the spectate lion* end centred documents 
4 lids will be i t i* mod ms the Ort .ie of the 
(tty 
Clerk unlit 
2 OO 
TM. 
Tut SOAT, MAACK I. 1977 end then 
C ity opened end read aloud, ony } latened ofter Got wdl be return rd unopened 
$ A Fetter monte land, in on amount of not loss then one hundred pee cent 
(1oo%) of the contract price, cen damned open the faithful ped or mom* et the centrad and upon th* payment el oft persons supplying labor cmd furnishing material*, win bt required A Toymen I land, os 'eau lied by Art SIAO, ICS texas, must oka be provided 
A The successful bidder will be re- quired la execute Ga standard cen sn od ran con ti en prepared end sup f td by Go (ity 
DM 
' 7 The (tty reserves the right te rated 
My end od GG and waive en* fat mobile* 
I This « a proposed po bkt works con trad end Article 5Is*# ICS loos. j es emended, requiring Get net less I 

G en the pravadtng wage ion lei week j 
I el a smmbp chpmtfi rn Min incabty ; 
, chaft be paid e l iubeitrs, w orkm *« I 
: end met heme* *mpf«f*4 et Ge cen inurtmn Ge<eel Gad be (emptied S 
I wtfii t 
‘ NO P* D IS C R IM IN A T ­ 
IO N 
IN 
E M P LO Y M E N T 
BIDDERS O N TH U W O R K 
W IU 
R I 
REQUIRED 
IO 
C O M P L Y 
W IT H 
THE 
PRESIDENT I 
I A IC U T IV I 
ORDER 
N O 
I I 3 4 4 . 
I H I 
R IQ U ta tM tN T S FOR S IO - 
D E R I 
A N D 
C O N - 
TR AC TO R S 
UNDER 
THIS 
ORDER 
ARE 
IA P L A IN E D 
IN TM I S P fC lffC A T tO N S ‘ 

G V IA C I SOH RJ 

CRV d w i 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed Proposals addressed to th* 
County Judge, County of (rooks, 
Falfurrias Texas, wiM be received at th* off tee of the County Clerk, (rooks 
County Courthouse in fotfumas, Tex os, 78355, until 2 3o PM. friday, february 25, 1977 They xnll then be publicly opened and read fer furnish­ ing alt necessary materials, machinery, equipment, superm ie odeon and lobor for constructing certain improvdments to Ge (rooks 
County Airport 

This pro)ort consists principally of th# construction of a 5,ooo * 73 poxed runway, hmwoy, apron, ond ort#** road, including drainage im pcovenenh, medium intensity light ing system, wind cone, runwoy mocking, fencing, and turfing 

(Hiders must submit o Cashier's or 
Certified check issued by o bonk satisfactory to th# Owner, or a Pro­ posal (ond from a rphobic Surety 
Company, payable without recourse to th* artier of the County of (rooks, in on amount not let* thon hue per cent (5%) of Ge bid submitted os a guaranty that Ge lidder enter into e contract ond execute bonds ond guaranty rn the forms provided within ten (IO) days after notice of oword of contract to him. (ids without lh* requited check or Pro­ posal lo od wiN net be considered 

Th* Successful lidder shad be re- quirad to furnish a Performance Bond ond e Payment Bond eoch rn G* amount of th* centrad, written by o responsible 
Surety 
Company authored to do business in Go 
Slot# of lexos ond sat rtf rn tory to th# 
Owner, os requited by Artlet* 516o, 
V A I C S , os amended by HI 344, missed by G* 
56th legislature 
Regular Session I9S9 This proposed centrad is subbed to Ge equal op­ portunity clous* 

411 lump sum ond unit pre es must be j stated m boG script ond figures The 
[ Owner reserve* th* right to refed 
1 any or all bids and to waive formabtws In cote af ambiguity et 
I lack of (Kames* in Waling the puces in G* GG. the Owner reserves th# 
I right to consider lh* mast od j vantogeaus construction thereof, or 
I I* reject Ge Gd Unreasonable (or 
' Unbalanced ) unit prices wit) 
J authorize th* Owner to refed G* 
Gd lidder* ore txpeded to mteed 
{ th* ut* of th* work ond to inform themselves regarding ak local can 
] dittoes 

Minimum wages ond lobor rotes fee 
I Ga construdran of th# proposed work hove been eslofehshed by th* 
Secretory of labor and a schedule of tabor classily anon* end nog* rotes 
: to be paid ere included in Ge spec if Mot ions end wiE be mode * ped 
I of th* (anteed Th* Gd form wG cen rem a statement Gat the poets Gd are based en such wag* rates 

 j Information lac bidders propose! 
] terms, spectre attorn end pfont era an fit* in Ga office of Ga County (lock. lr oaks (aunty Courthouse, foffutrws, 
Taut 

Capias af Ga Plum and Spacilicetwnt may ba socutad horn the County of 
•rooks, upon a deposit of 32o OO « • guarantee af the safe return of rh* pleat ond spent* et ion* lh * fuN amount af Ga deposit mb ba return ed ta Ga leader on submission of a lane lid* Gd en Ge work, wtth suck pl Mi fill OEM! 
4f*<’ IX* tff flj 
Of iv pl© Ti 
'etuirang th* plant and speuficetwns innsadraNty ofter exommetion et tem*, end eGnung th* Engineer Get e Gd * 4 net be submitted, ether wit* th* dopant wsM be (arteried 

 fudge Ndand a I Ba ria, k , brook* County , ftie s 

 keeled feta p cdd atdl* w ill Bo re c e iv e d fey th # B u o rd at 
Trustees at th * N u rlh fe s t ln d r ne rid e rs! Acheat Drat! let lee Ma tallow in# s la m * et m a im ies shown 
W A T E R I OOL C R I 
I • • f in 
W ean*1, buy Feferoar* 
, IT H AI NLR T IC E Q U I* 
M ENT 
) Oe o rn 
I oui sdur. 
P » b r m o i « l l , I t l l 
F E R 
TIL U B R 
I Od a m t u a eddy. 
F e b ru a ry l l , 
I M I 
RN R O O F I N O 
} I i P ne , 
Y u # w k *# , F o b s o w *# t i , t #11 
B ld to r m s m e r fee p e c k e d UR o rie l to b id e a tn ra u rn th# 
•M ic a e t G a D u v t lu r e l R a re noting. N A 
I I o , I t l l } t ’ ddMWdfd. kfen 
A n ie n te , la k e * 

12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

T eraTe^hcT r'w TTM ae'racai^rr1^ 
Blessed Sacram ent School. HO 
Shannon Lee, until 2 OO P M Feb 
24, 197? tor One 19*4 Chevrolet, *o 
Soria* school but, to be sold os it. 
Bus m ay be in s p e c te d by a p ­ pointment only on Tuesdays ond 
Thursdays, from 9 AM to J P M. , 
For m ore in to rm o tio n c o ll the 
School Office o24-3381 R iqht re ­ served to reiact oil bids 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

Public Hearing 
Tuesday 
Hwt rlfifkfiflrfff IfniTc pu1* hi ti *t * 
School District 
Indian Education Grant 
TH* Horlaraloi* I S O is in Ga pro cass of opplytng for federal funds under Port A, Title IT In jinn Education 
Act for the school yeor 1977 78 
Residents of Ge District who or* descendants rn G* first or second degree af o recognized nib*, eligible identified secondary Wudenit, parents ond members of Ga Indran Potent Ad yisory Commute* or* urged to attend 
Gn meeting on February S, 1977 at 
4 oo pm in th* Horlondala Ad­ ministration (adding Board Room, 1o2 
Genevieve Street 
Tho public Is invited 

Notice it hereby arrau to th* 
•w e e n m d Ranh elder* af tho vabidal luted below of their I right to roctaim tho vehicle* within twenty (2o) Roy* af tho 
Roto af HR* baffed, far lur* ta ax- areito HR* right Golf bo doomed a waiver af oR right, title, and to for act rn tho vehicle I and their content to tho Gsposol of tach vehicles to a Roenoliihor for demolition, wracking, or 
^ptb^R^HkRlhi^g only 

1971 PlymouG 2 dom hoi Goy, 
VIN 
* R m 2 3 N 1 G Io o 8 6 6 , 
O w ner Row! I O rtega, 551 
M ary, Scan A ntonio, 7 8 2 I 4 ; locution 8o1 Flame C t , San 
A ntonio, Texas 

 f 
NOTICE OF 
N 
PUBLIC 
AUCTION 

R y t h * 
S o n 
A n to n io 

F o lic * D e p o r tm e n t. 

 befell■ Auction wife he beld en tab avn, 1*77 at Ga bailee 
Si or we* I exility 3o31 d ra w **# 
Od AftpawabwaWety IAF V akklat w ill be tat* ta the MKM4MI bro­ o l* tingle and awMtpia talat 

Awane* bidden ite m at 
•3 o oo pat uaM 
V atua lea tar 
(ala may ba viawad Nam I OO 
A M ta 1o oo A M and awa Haw 
WIN latten at (OOO A M 
AH 
^ la k K la r a n M a U a ^ ^ H A M ^ 

124 - UBM. WOTICES 

Unclaimed friogbt far ta b by bid at 9 gin . an m orally. February 
IE, 1977 at R*R Arrow Freight 
Line*, Wore Hows* Dep*rtm *nt, 
4663 Walzwn, San Antonie, Tai- 
OI. 
I. I light Fixture one* consigned to 
Ochors Grocery in lo (tanto, Tw­ os (Ref U 1o7-76) 
J I Display Rock anc* consigned to framer Gallery in Huntsville, Tex­ as (Ret U 1o8 76) 
3 I bal* of Insulation one* con­ signed to Ions Upholstery in Vic­ toria, Texas (Ref U 1o9 76) 
4 I lottery Display Unit one* con­ signed to Rob*rd*au 
Von 
I 
Storage Co in Austin, Texas. {Ref 
I-1 IO 76) 
5 3o cartons of Electric Cookers one* consigned to Gibson Pro- ducts in Longview. Texas. (Ref U- 
I 77) 
6. I used Compressor once ton signed to Gablwrt Co in Houston, 
Texas (Ref U 2 77) 
7. I (hair once consigned to Ron 
Roberts rn Houston, Texas (Ref 
U 3-27) 
I. I lawn Mower Port enc* can signed ta Pit holds Armstrong m 
Aransas Pass, texos (Ref o 4- m 
9 I carton of Dixie Refill (ups once consigned to Wapiti Plotter rn 
Lubbock, Texas (Ref U $-77) 
1o 7 cartons of Printed Matter once consigned to Kelly A F I in Sot 
Antonio, Texas (Ref I) 6 77) 
IT 12 coct OTI et Hardware enc* cen signed ta 
VIP 
Industries rn 
Houston, Texas (Ref 11-7-77) 
12 4 rortoos af Popet anc* con­ signed to KSAQ ROAM Bood costing in Son Antonio 
Texas 
(Ref U E-77) 
13. l l cartons af instant Tm ant* i ansigned ta logia Starts rn 
Houston. Texas (Ref (J 9 77) 
14 2 cartons af Glassware enc* cot signed to *tn«k Wholesale Drug in McAllen. Texos (Ref U IO 77) 
IS. I carton al Chermes anc* cen stgn*d to Sparkler Mfg Co Mi 
Como#, Texos (Ref. U 11-77) 
IE I Grinding Wheat one* consigned 
G lay 
Slot* 
Abc en levi m 
Hots tan, Texas (U t U 12 77) 
17. I PH* rjiov, cover once consigned lo races# iter 
Marin* in 
Montgomery, lexos (Ref U 13 

II. I corton of Trio anc* consigned ta 
Modem f taels of Victoria in VR 
Ior to, Texas (Ref U 14 77) 
IV I Display Unit once consigned ta 
Glob* Store ai Corpus Christi, 
Texts (Ref U IS 77) 
2o l l cartons of Point once con signed ta R 5 OtNwd rn Merten*. 
Texas (Ref U IE 77) 
21 J boles of Scrap lags one* cen signed to Mar Lu Second Hand 
Star* rn Gownsvdte Texas ((af 
U 17-77) 

L E G A L N O T IC E 
C IT Y O F 
U N IV E R S A L 

T h * U m va r sal C ity F o lic * 
O * bocim tn i w ill a u ctio n 17 adondonod m e te r v e h ic le * ond n u m tra u * b ic y c le * en 
Thursday, IF F e b ru a ry 1977 ot I W p m , et b t U m v*r*e i 
City U tility Y a rd ideated en 
Old kaima bood behind Man lucbv Fried Chicken AM may ba in *|MClad an day af Mira 

2o1 R U I B U TE NOTICtt 

A i 'i n y j f f F H 
'S T r T o x n ara a ll ever town down t o v maist l i t and up 
C a ll G R E A T E R 
VALUE RE ALTY t i l * 1*2 u rn you sui 
Let u t m ake a CAAM a tta r to r 
VMI bania ar agent* Coft now* t h y 
Memo 
M a r t 
»>* i 2* i 

CASH tor H O M E S wa Buy NOME I and EQUI T t ik 
M enan i Hic rant, and F a il Aer 
I v it a 
Wa a n y alt C ie * .n y Cest* 
Cob Tony ar Oar mea. H I * llk 
: 
A b l C I A B B AL T O B I 
Net Gt<de anally 

RELOCATING? 

ONE CALL 
CAN SOLVE 
A LOT OF 
PROBLEM S! 

On* (oil putt us—your 
RUO reol estate br­ oker — to work mar­ keting your home here and finding you a new home in your destina­ tion city. We re port of 
HELO, the 8So-member relocation network that serves over 8ooo communities in all SO states ond inter­ nationally. 
No extro cost, no obligation. Coll us today! 
494-7651 ANYTIME 

 f e o s o a r E c k t ir a u 

5o Years o f T ru st 

R E L ® 

L 
REAL ESTATE 
J 
( > 
. 

 j 

Hom»» 
5 
Hamel 
Nbrl(tw#g9 jjkA ,||-RAw .. rn rn 
21$ 
| 
21o 

 lift 

HWY bo w 

M o m * * 
$ o w th w ® g t 
216 

COMMERCE s 
^ n 

H o m e * 

S e w fh e R tt 
2 1 4 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

Investment 
Opportunity 

Apartment 

HUO invites bids for 

New Light 
Village 
Apartments 

Sr* od in the 

Business/Financial 

 section of this 

Investment 

Opportunity 

Apartments 

HUD invites bids for 

Perei Apartments 

See ad in the 

Business/Financial 

 section of this 

 newspaper. 

7? 2 cartons of dectncei Supplies erne consigned I* Gown 4 (eat rn Ie Grange Texas fie f U U r n 
23 I carton al Metal anc* consigned 
I* Kehmbecg Madill Hemes rn 
Sen Antonio, lea**. (Eof U-lf- rn 
74 I Dog Rennet enc* consigned G tim* Mecan us Mexia. Texas 
(Ref u n m a 

?E 

27 

71 

(e s * le i yew c a n y BgraafeayHI *4A>, 

S CASHS 
FOR y o u ! h o m e Ob la v tT Y 
WE RAV ALL CLOSING COATS 
9)681)1 
M uuM l t § BR i AC Ob 

TO 77) 
I Need panel enc* consigned ie 
Ford Part* I serine* (*. m 
Hots ten, Texas. (Ref UTI 77) 
I (yfmgec once (ensignad I* 
Union lortMta (ara in Mauston, texas {Ref U 72 77) 
4 lectern af Ftuecewent light 
Tubes enc* ie (maned ie Moon 
Henry Meters hi Nuatsedlt, lex aa IRef U 73 77) 
7 cee tons af tut an wet erne ce# signed ie o ST Ear gam le n in « 
(Mutton, tex** (let U 74 77) 
13 tartan* at Uafas anc* cen ugnad M Caburn A (acta rn 
Austin. Texas (let 
Claim IM 
(6511) 
34 cai rent af Punt anc* cen ta folk West lumber rn 
I e n * lie f Cigua ie 
94478) rh*** goads cg* be inspected by 
N M "G MM el Ga ab*** ab* era aa the Poy lf iota eat* bv ie*tarting Mi 
I benim G A * at b i) 1(17 le e * n j be Mfd A* lees** GG auh abd 
I bt raw el nm, J rat* led Ane* Ira q * Ukes raser**, th* hfbt ta rarest RN Md e l GR* 

 waned M liibbbtk. 

4 (t t n t th* Newt. wG 

• E M I S C R E D I T * 
NO MONEY DOWN 
NE Modern la tee Camelot. 2-1 J, carpeted, appliance* etc weed lawn Lob* 4 7 next N orG ern H ill*. fix it, i t 2,273 Great NW. 2 eof Od* a p p lia n c e * , 
F o rre s t 
G le n n , 
A l t .2o9 
T U R O V IL L A G E 
A17.77A-1 PIRO US 712 DEER 
RUN 
224,772 AW K E L L Y L o c k ­ land (com 
112.oo* AE N ext I* 
H ig h la n d * M I-4-t-J , o r l - t - l . 
Cathedral cating*, bio bedrooms, carpeted a p p lip n ce s-D E N V E R 
HEIGHTS Roomy Bu*, ll? 272 
FE D E R A L 
PROPERTIES 
724-4414 f lO w ¥ r " a n 6 A ifV s h 6 p in tarde m ull W rite FLOW ERS, 
P O box 2o)3, San Antonio, 7o2* 7, alvine nome and phone na 
I I i ME b l A TE CASM----------- 
For Year Hume We pay all cia* mo coot#! We at Ab take trode* 
Com 
4*4 1271 
4) 2-64/4 
112 1)23 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE LD REALTORS i i i s i n n i m T i --------------- 

• I NEED 1o HOUSES# 
Van Antenra R eal E lio t# p a y * 
COG tar veer* rn 7) bour* I pay 
OH c ratine (PXI 349 * 1)1 
1221) 1121421)11411 
Need M 
B 
’ 9 w )t H tm t Ribwf"* 
Fur FAST AA B V IC * --Call 
>44 SGC H u rl Mc Cai n . CX St yeller 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Am ana tan b u t. V o l* dan t u*4 
G ait aitftbitM y 
) 4 bagroom *. ) k a ra t la m a e i t i pie p a d db- unum t i 
Pdym unH 
M kt 
M o* tent 
| 

PR O P E R TY OW NERS. W * suit home* tar *3oo com m ission E x­ ample of Go money we con save you We te ll you home tor AM,oo4 and you pay y o u r b ra k e r *% co m m is s io n b ro k e r re c e iv e * tHOO -hour m uch do you get? 
C h a rlo * w a tt* 
R e al 
E s ta te 
7)12*11, t v I ) ) ) . 21* 9(o4 open 
24 hour* a day, I d o r* a week 
RENTAL MANAGEMENT 
Nova our professional Mott hen die you rental property Call tor detail* today 
2)4-6924 
N ile* 494 1464 
Century 21 
W A K E FIE LD R E A LT O R ! 
H T s " T n ra A rN 3 . 
W ITH W A R R A N T Y -LO W OWN 
PMT E l CREDIT 
B e a u tifu l NE - H ill* , ) - ! - J, save 
14 oo4 64 o44 only U t.T M SIERRA r 
N 
I b e d ro o m *, 
116.9)o NW C U L E B R A P A R K I 
*•**»-», 114.9)9 OFF HWY RSW, 
J l ' i t, 912,269 IW PALO ALTO 
A R E A . fro m 
112.9)9 AE- 
RIGSBY 
PECAN 
V A LLE Y , 
AU, JAR 
FE D ER AL 
PROPERTIES 
7)4-4419. 
WHY PAV f c llc f . 6urn your own heme, ne dow n p aym ent to a n ­ ti anet Payment* Ms* Gen rent 

P tfF ttH D FtOPHTHS 
OPHUS 
1o3 HUNTER-5 BRANCH 
MASTIC (EDUCTION 
TWO TAMMY NOM! mono 
Fork 
N MI 
Military 
Hwy to Goktn lough, left to 
Hunters trench 
Doubt* et traction of this lovely Mick tem 
(y hem*. 3-7-7, L u g dining room, fireplace, den, built in kitchen, central hoot, oh KUS matched 3 room brick hem* enhanced by waded po nos en M 
M i* af trees Se* this! e a e e e e e e a e 
4o1o GU HROCH lour*! Hills N Vt Loop 41o end 
MfuabMh. 
I 
Mock svest ta 
Hiram#! lovely French 
•very modern convenience 
Courtyard entry, brick 3-7-7 
Dual mepfoci divides bs dining coom* Forally ce expansive use of gloss SoHitle tile, boomed ceiling Sunshine morning loom flowered grands 
Near U3AA, UTSA. Medico! Cam ptei 
* * # * * # * # * # 
3o8 HIU COUNTRY U M 
VA ACRES 
Hid Country Village off Tower Dt 
Curator drive approach to th* trees and green meadows sui rounding this bntk 4 7 7. den 
IFF), plus huge pome.cram Ideal fer fgmty Horses here 
61347 
•3 6 2 ) t i A l TORS 

IX P AOL O 
ALTOM 

 n i l l ig ee n e x t vs s u p m e * m um your mm aaa t a n t M f t n we WNI lei 
BDR CMP AO* < 

Ltoyd Men ream et v 
424 l l n i l e 6 M e s A 7 b I s V i tTfTTSU 
261 FLIB T W O O D WHY WORRY 
ABOUT 
JAWA' T 9toy heme end swim in your own peel, in avour own privacy fenced b a r* void att 
(be targe covered petra et fb i* dean com fortable and cox eely ) nadream I both and den beme with abundance et beobsbetve* 
F ire p la c e and m e re in HOL - 
LVW OOD PARK 
*47m 947 /66 
PHOTO HERE 4)7 TOWER OR 
T Y IN G A Y E L L O W R IB B O N 
A launt 
The Old Oeb Tree* en 
(h i* ) a c re * I* going ie tube a bunch bt rib b o n Cern* tee tor yourself and w eb ut ie Shew you an n itro s liv e ly deco rated ) be dreem heme w ith it s ) * sw im mind bael For *71*o4 it * r pally 
* had* am a, lr pm tao** i gee > 

ALAMO KISKIS 7 f 
( M r a x x i i am pi# tai a remadated. 
C anli el b ae l UH. Pew get, aam \ ammi, aam T i both* j baar aam s. 
WO ta o *. H y in g d in in g , s tu d y, 
•amity i aam with l f caning Mu 
H g g r, tu a e ig c a brick p e lig i 
EF) 24b ll? Hgm ggfe, )}/ <l*> l l * 464* w e tk d o y * 
6 )4 I* # * 

I sun, 
V 

Q U Y CHfPRAAFd C O . 

4 B M racm In F u ro ik i 
N 9 W lu x u r y b u m # * . » , , « , # I f , 
G # bast la cuuntr v tin n y bath indoor I and out bu t SIG c l o i t ta 
NferGwetl In n Anton,* R ock end cebor e x to rte r , cedar shake >aet 
I h i ap in i es J goth*, end wet d o r 
PIUS P le n ty pl windows ta exploit 
G o m og w rtu enl view a n d t w i m i s u m m d r d ie e ie 
L o c a te d in 
F a i r o a h i la k e in ie tj." th 
* • * * b* t e e n 
S p r in g s e x it . 
P W eg d on access i e e e lo Came 
Stanley sign. tu rn MOM. go J , mites ta F A ir o a h s artic• 
A M i IN LU 

— 
T l .. 
• b b e M fe fy bec or a te d 4 ) ) w i g 
| 'G F B b s t i e t n a p e r c h t a s le m d ro b a t w a te r s * ti« n * r m any m e r* e a ir t s 
A n e id g * amma, raeym q reran m g i m , m w re Sew 
PaGe* m bs l l pm Ae* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday February 6 I 977 

2 l i n e s 

I O DAYS 
M 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

* STOP * LOOK * COMPARE ★ 
★ ALL BRICK HOME * 
816,95o 
3 Bedroom-— I Va Baths 
We also build la rg e r houses. 

' ' a l i f e . 

M o d e l H o m e — 
1 o 1 1 G o rd in a 
(O H 2 o o o B lock W e s t A v e .) 
Paneled kitchen and family room com bination. 
W e A lto D o K o m o d o lin g A F lro p lo e o t 
349-1491 
3 4 1 -o o 1 6 
5917 San Pedro 
Specie Builders, Inc. 

 looking for a new home? 

TO DA Y S YOUR LUCKY DAY ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 

S39.95o to $55,ooo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 

$29,95o to $4o,ooo 
Jones Moltshgr at Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-1 I 23 

$37,9oo to $5o,ooo 
FM 471 at Culebro 

• VA, 
FHA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double Garages • North East or Northside 
Schools 

 r n 
Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

OMN SATURDAY and SUNDAY 
1,oo to 6:oo p rn 
CHURCHILL ESTATES 
U T H CHURCHILL ESTATES BOULEVARD 
Se# this elating now 3-bedroom home in on exciting new oreo This finely constructed native rock home blends beautifully with the surrounding native oaks The single living oreo is highlighted by a fireplace con­ versation pit formal dining in the seporote dining room; informal dining in the garden room Other features include energy-soving construction, 
— tv murine door ooener smoke detector olorm Built by Superb wines - Jesse and Bruce Baker S63.ooo 342 3211 ANYTIME 

 t f o s O U T & k f i i l K . 

REALTORS — 5o YEARS O F TRUST 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
» WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S C REEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 
«’ 

‘& 
L 
• Elegant »hd luxurteus 
• Rotan* t m 
MMI oak twee 
• in NOHR Rom sr Mprthptd* 
Sr.Lvrvwl O ix lr ltl 
• Re pcewawn prana 
• HORM 5SOXW to t i ZU .OOO 
Perk*. Oardon CRR EHM. Norms. Or 
ML.el otto, Cir.Lorn MOM, lirter 4N W , 

4 9 2 *1 o 6 8 * 4 9 4 -5 2 4 9 • 4 9 2 2 2 7 2 

O P E N 2 to 6 

43o7 MUIRHEID 

IN THI VILLA Of IN OAK MILIS. 
Beautiful 
3 bedroom, 
2 both gorden home with corner fireplace 

Ord wet bar in fomily room 2 com­ munity pools and club house 
S/8. SOO 

Also, another 3-2 garden home for 
S/3.Soo 

4313 MUIRHEID 

IN THI VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS. An eiceptionolty beautiful 
2 bedrooms, IVY both. contemporary bright and cheerful home with study end wet bar Club house 2 community pools $89,ooo 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 

2 very attractive 
JOfff 
BUU I 
HOWLS will be held open at 

15oo7 I 15o15 
ELKTON 

One it a 4 IYY 2. at SS2.ooo 

 and the other 3 2 2 at SSS.SOO 

233 DALEHURST 

Tim ene won t lost long (iceNeni oreo, 3-2-2, new roof, kitchen 
I*modeled privacy fence, wooded lot toad to seB $79,7oo 

44o1 SHAKERTOWN 

BIST BUY W ABLA. 3 bedrooms. I both townhouse with double at 
Inched potage 
No mmntenonce fee 
(atheist ceilings rn living oreo, lovely sheltered polio 
$37,7oo 

51 IS CRUSADE 

IN 
(AMLI Of 
I, 
Attractive 
3 bedreom, ? both home, convenient to Windsor Bock shopping, ft Sons and Inndolph Walk to alt schools 
Just $37,9oo 

11oo3 WHISPERING 
WIND 

IN WHISH RINO OAKS 3 bndtonm. 7 both hem# with terrane entry in efface in family roam, BBD pit, and got gnu fireplace in family roam $63 9oo 

1o4o2 SEVEREN 

IN lf OL NO PLM!, Atli odive 4 7 
7, tonwfy home for the large 
I emily Sopor ore bvcng and dining. rn $$7,9oo 

o431 GLEN BREEZE 

IN 
CAMILO! H. 
Immotuiatt 
3 

 bedroom, 7 both home, features, 

 etceUant well to wad carpet, and 

 targe tamely learn I afros $31,ooo 

6426 PEACE PIPE 

Th# bast ai thunderbird this. 3 

J H I, Two story WeM ated hoot 

 and Natl Newly paroled (funk at- 

 lupaacy $34 TSO 

4511 MOANA 

 lODH Irak 3 Miaows, 7 both 

 and ai Stand I Manna 
Wafting 

On lame 
I t 
Momentmy sc baal 

$2* SOO 

3 4 4 *3 o 7 1 
I 1 M 3 4 I 

4 9 4 * 7 7 1 1 

OMN NOUS! 3 TO S 
265 (SANISLO 
TfktfU HILLS * AH SCHOOLS 
— (npry the elegance and present day luxury in a magnificent residence in choice location with CUES! HOUSE 
Landscaped grounds include heated swimming pool 
4 3 with formol dining (FP). Iftroiy 
Immediate possession 
•922 WfXFOED 
(o*9 lAJtRTNGTON) 
MARYMONT AMA - lux unous 3-2V» TOWNHOUSE with dramatic 2 story living room with fireploce Has master suite down 
Plush corpet. drapes. wet bor, atrium, 3 cor goroge 

 c s p 
? 

OPEN SUNDAY 
WOODS Of SHAVANO 
4426 HUNTINGTON WOODS 
2:oo to 5:oo p m 
JUST LISTED. Gorgeous one living oreo home with huge wood burni ng fireplace' 
3 bedrooms, fully 
•ted. soft water, central vacuum No city foxes Walk to pool and tennis courts Coll 342- 
3211 ANYTIME 

ALGERITA PARK 
27o3 CASTANET DRIVE 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
(W eather p erm itting ) 
Off VANCE JACKSON NORTH Of 
LOOP 41o. Beautiful 4 bedrooms. 
2 VY baths, spacious paneled fomily room with fireplace living room, seporote formal dining room. All electric gourmet kitchen. 
New carpets ond dropes included Gome room Landscaped yord with oak trees 824 o121 ANYTIME 

THE SUMMIT 
1o434 APPLEGATE 
3:oo to 5:3o MOV 
(Weather permitting) 
LOVE.. AT PURSE SIGHT! lovely 2- story, 
4-bedroom, largo living room, spacious fomily room, oil electric built in kitchen. On a quiet cul de soc 
$43,9oo 
824 o121 
ANYTIME 
CASTU ERUS PARK 
1o6 AMERSON 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
SPANISH STYLE 4 bedroom, 3 both home offers luxury living in the most convenient ond desirable location of Castle Hills. Quality built, 1oo% brick, J living areas, split bedroom arrangement. Walk to schools and shopping 
Only 
$6o,5oo 494 7651 ANYTIME. 

SHENANDOAH 
4234 FUNTHIU 
2:ooto4:oo pm. 
NOW YOU CAN Aff ORO ROOMINESS large 
4-bedroom with custom recreation room 
Convenient to medical school. UTSI $4o,SOO Call 
342 3211 ANYTIME 
HIDDEN FOREST 
1131 BIRCH HIU 
2:3o to SJO p.m. 
NO CITY TAKES on this nearly new 
4 bedroom, 2 VY decorotor both, gorgeous split level Mony extras including frosh compactor in lovely kitchen, dual fireploce, shuttered windows in downstairs living oreas, 
2 patios. Only $65,SOO. 494-7651 
ANYTIME 
NORTHEAST VI UA GE 
94o3 laRUE 
2:oo to SrOO p.m. 
LOOKING TOR A PRETTY TREE UNTO 
STREET in o family-type neighborhood’ See this affordable 
3 bedroom, 
2-hath home with wood-burning fireplace in family room living-dining combination, huge playroom, electric kitchen 
Wolfe to North East schools. 494 
7651 ANYTIME 

STAGE COACH HILLS 
9423 SADDLE TRAU 
3.3o to 5:3o get 
SPANISH SPLIT-LEVEL located on 2 ocrts with hill country visto. All stucco, 4 bedrooms, 2 oaths, com bination living-dining-fomily room with cathedral ceiling 
2 rock fireplaces, electric kitchen. 
$76,ooo IN IO to Boerne Stage 
Rood to Stoge Cooch Hills to Saddle 
Trail Drive 824 o121 ANYTIME 

DEER RUN 
74oo BARRY WU 
74I9BAMVW U 
3:oo ta 6:oo p.m. 
Two lovely homes for the young ot boort 
Buyer s choice gold green corpet Cleon! 3 bedrooms, single Irving oreo, fenced, covered polio 
Greot Northwest locution rricod right Open terms 494-7651 
ANYTIME 

 t f o s o o r t ^ k f i J n i J 

HALTOM - SO Y U M Of TRUST 

NEAR SEGUIN 
HO ocres, % wooded ond half field, a nice stock pond, rich sandy loam sail This form is only 2VY miles from Seguin. A good buy at $9oo per acre 
MILES OF VIEW 
Neor Seguin, S7 ocres - 7o% in good Coostol Bormudo, botonee in beoutiful forest. High iron quihty foetor, yet just off main highway New fencing, lots of deer arx) other game with plen ty of under ground water evadable. SHOO per acre 
Grain Campbell Realty 
379-9521 
SA 658*5131 

O P E N 2 : 3 o * 5 : o o 
1 2 6 W Y N O ALE 
In NOamwOOO o ft BC (N II- 
WOETH/HASKIN. 
N w ra- 
2.43o va. ft. In an OH Orick kom o w ith a coelar choko ro o t! lo v e ly , sprtnklered yard and a p atio 
4 o * I * . 
U vlna-dlning roam ahu Hup# fam ily roam w ith map!# pan*A n* and a firo p la ro l 3 bedroom ta rte*, 
•a rb w ith th e ir aw n ba Itll 
$ 43 ,oo o REALTORS$ 34-o431 
Q U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

O M N 1 :oo-3 oo 
72o3 NORSEWWP LANE in r o a m nu a ro w m a r ts o ff SAOOUtOW/FOREST MCA­ 
DOW. Handsome brick hom o w ith formed dining room and a aam w ith a com er vaulted ceding and aor* to a p atio ond 
O .t. kitchen. . .3 s, 
2 batta. 
Shag 

S it,s o o . M a lic e s 4o4-4*11 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

WINDWOOD ESTATES 
OPEN 2:3o P J I MI 5:3o PJI. 
2 HOMES 
973o WINOWOOO DR. 
Approx 36oo sq ft., 5 bedrooms 3 boths, 2.8 ocres. $96,5oo 
AND 
9567 VICTORIA LANE 
Off Windwood Or, 4 bedrooms, 2% baths. 2.4 ocrev $72,5oo 
REALTORS 
691-13oo 
CENTURY 21 

ELAINE LUDWIG t ASSOC. ] 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

O P E N HO USE S U N D A Y I S P M 
L a r g e 4 2% 2, $ o8 ,5o o. 11oo*1 
W h isp er Midge. 
I N T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
OPEN HOUSE 
225 W. GBAMMERCV 
$72,5oo 
C h a rm in g J b e d ro o m h o m e in b e o u tifu l M onte V is ta 
733-9742, 
828-SA7I 
Strauder Nelson Realty 
O P E N SAT SUN 2-5 
253o6 IMA BUTH 
J la rg e b e d ro o m s , 2 lu ll b a th s . m o b ile h o m e in b e a u tifu l Leo n 
S o rln g s , M o b ile H o m e V illa On 
J la rg e tre e s tu d d e d lo t. IH IO W. 
I e x it B oerne Stage Rd and follow open house signs. 732-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

WOODSTONE 
NVt—Lovely townhouses in a quiet beautifully wooded oreo 
2 3 bedrooms. 2 2% boths. lease opt 

CONDOMINIUM 
Beoutiful 2 bedroom. 2 both near 
Medico! (enter Custom dropes and corpet. 
Equipped kitchen plus washer ana dryer $31,5oo Niles 
656 /SBO 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 341*9191 

O P E N S U N D A Y 3 * 
367 NORTH ORIVE 
C o rn e r o f C a m p m a n 
J e ffe rs o n are a « bed ro om s, 3 boths. fo rm a l liv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m , d en w ith a fire p la c e . 

Lillian Wo o lly 735-6876 

ZIP H88SLS WWTHtAST 

OLMOS PAIK ARU 
Lovely 2 story termly home with a juest bedroom, ond both down, ugh ceilings, gleoimnq bentwood oom airt fireplace, family 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

O P E N HO USE 

N O O N T O DUSK 

Come see our unbt'liev oble prices of new homes 

5633 CREEKWOOD 
In W o o d s to n e 

Prices range from 
$ 2 9 ,9 o o and up. Three and four bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Rd 

■ 
6 5 6 - 3 o o o 

 f S P E A M E O l V E K 
T i f l y j 
REALTORS-M IS 

OPEN 2 TO 5 
6322 HANDSOME 
U KE 

Im m aculate 4 bedroom in 

SENECA ESTATES. 

349-4343— 349-3535 

ViAmOWFHS 

Rf 41TORS-RMS 

O P E N S U N D A Y 2 TO S 
134 E. MISTLETOE 
L a rg e d u p le x o r o ffic e s , Z oned 
O I , h is to ric a l a re a , good condition. 
WARD REALTY 
696 1545 
O P E N 2 TIL 5 
6627 SPUNG HAVEN 
O F F BAB C O C K RD in BAB C O C K 
N O R TH 
L ik e new, b ric k 3 2-2 den greenhouse, fish pond, n e o r UTSA 
828 o685 
736 1786 
675 o629 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

O M N 2 IOO-5:oo 
1 4 1 o A 1 4 1 5 
B U T T O N LANE 
2 N IW HOMtS in BLOSSOM 
HILLS o ff 
St SAAK 
2 -tfo ry hom o* w ith cader and m a­ sonry construction . . . B ro­ o kiest 
O ld ipo clou* liv in g o ro a t . . . 4 bedr ooms and largo k it chon* w ith boti--in 
H arvest 
Qaid oppMancot. 
8ariot and p rivacy fencing 
• e t dkniBift Qiwtifltiti 
$ 42 ,3o o. *5 3 ,8 o o 4 4 4 -4 *1 1 
RIALTO* S 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

 n. 4 

O P E N 2 T O 5 

64o7 CAIRO 

Off Wuatxxh, Big beautiful room besides, living, dining, bedrooms, 2 baths, 558,5oo 

21o W. LYNWOOD 

IN MONTE VISTA, 4 4% 2, library with fireploce, living with fireplace, huge dining, sewing room, sun jiorch Plus heated pool on % acre 

3 4 1 -9 1 6 6 

HOWARD TATE RIAL ESTATE 

CENTURY 21 

OPEN HOUSE 3-5 
OWNER ANXIOUS TO SEU 
TERRELL HIUS 
616 MORNINGSIDE 

Delightful 3,2 home • pretty dark stained floors in living-dining areas 
Bright, soltilio tile floored study 
Large kitchen. 828 1962,826 5693 
Carolyn Graham 

Reattar 826-4673 Anytime 

1611 San Francisco 
O P E N 2—$ 3o. L a rg e 3 b ed ro om fo m ily hom e— 2 baths, liv in g , din m g . d en , la rg e k itc h e n a n d at tootled g a ra g e E osv to b uy. F H A and VA te rm s 
M a rio Cepedo to show O ffice 736 429* 735 41o8 
P E T E C A N T U R E A L E S T A T E 
KEY GROUP 

8o9 CANTERBURY HILL 
Open 2—4:3o T e rre ll H ills 
C a m e o n d see th is b e a u tifu lly m a in ta in e d 4 b ed ro om hom e, e x ­ tr a la rg e , c a rp e te d m o s te r be­ d ro om , 2 b ath s, fire p la c e . S altillo tile in den, c e n tra l heat ond a ir. 
A la m o H e ig hts schools, e x c e lle n t j lo c a tio n , n e o r F t Sam H o usto n and g olf course 
826-o4o6 
R E A LT O R S 
826 5964 j 
SUE W E E M S & ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

124 CORONA 
Open 2— 5 A la m o H ats 
S e e in g is b e lie v in g ! 
A n im m a c u la te 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a in hom e, liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e , la rg e se p a ra te d in in g , 13 X 18 den, ond m o d e rn kitc h e n , c e n tra l h eat and a ir O nly 552,4oo. 
876 o6o* 
R E A L T O R S 
826 7995 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 

5125 WENTLAND 
Open 2— 5 K irb y 
Y ou a re in v it e d to see a v e ry special, c u sto m hom e 24’ beam ed c e ilin g liv in g a re a w ith b u llt-in s g a lo r e . C o m p le te ly e q u ip p e d c o u n try k itc h e n , 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 lu x u ry boths, ca rp e t, a ll th is on a la rg e p riv a c y fen ce d c o rn e r lot 
P ric e d rig h t In the 3o's. Do c o m e t 
O ff A c k e rm a n Road 
826-o6o6 
R E A T L T O R S 
826 6497 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

14o14 W illow MOSS 
Open 2— 5 
P e rfe c t fa m ily liv in g in th is 4 be­ dro om , 2 b ath in choice lo catio n 
C a rd e n k itc h e n good loon to as sum o. U n d e r 55o,oo 
826 o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-4683 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

2o UNIT APT 
COMPLEX 
• Exc*ll*n1 location 
• High Occupancy 
• low Cath In 

STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 
824-6351 
KEY GROUP 

268 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

B E A C O N H IL L 
2 s to ry d u p le x w ith g a ra g e a p t 
L iv e in one 2 b e d ro o m a p l o nd h a v e 53oo in c o m e fro m o th e r 2 opts. E x c e lle n t shape. S eparate m e te is 
C R A C E L A IR D 734-4235, 736 ooo7 
B Y O W N E R 
D u p le x o ff N o g a ll- to v good in com e. 435-11o8 
D U P L E X 2o5-2o7 C L A R E M O N T 
F U R N 824 79o1 

INCOME PRODUCER 
Good re n ta l a re a . fu lly o ccp u p ie d 
5515 m o n th ly on 5 u n its E x c e lle n t cash how 539.9oo 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS ________ 

IN C O M E P R O P E R T Y 
O F F F R E D R IC K S B U R G R D 
523o m o. O w n e r a n x io u s S19.ooo 
D E L L V I E W A R E A , 527o m o 
Open te rm s . $24,95o 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S , $48o m o 
4-plex. O w n er C o rry 547,ooo 
F T 
SAM A R E A , 537o m o M o ke o tte r $22,ooo 
D E N V E R H G TS e x c e lle n t re n t p ro p e rty , tu rn , $9,75o 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171 
244 9693 
496-5896 

 floor* living room 

WILDWOOD ESTATES 
9477 W IN D W O O D 
9977 DOS CE R R O S LOO P 
9S47 V IC TO R A L A N E 
O P E N 2 3o T IL 5 JO 
17 m ile s fro m W o n d e rla n d n o rm on IH IO 

Need An E x c e lle n t In v e s tm e n t? 
2 s to ry 4 u n lt a pt E ach has liv in g ro o m , b e d ro o m , b a th 
E q u ip p e d k itc h e n 
536.5oo 
826 2439 
R E A LT O R S 

JONESBURG 
O F F M C C U L L O U C H - N ic e de p le x . O ne I b e d ro o m o n d one 2 b e d ro o m a p t 
A ls o g a ra g e a p t 
Good in com e p ro p e rty 578,ooo or b e s t o tte r. C h a rle s W a tts R e o l 
E state, 732 7918 732-5355. 

 separate dining room, huge room, library, deliqhftul patio 
I i AUTIRM COLONI AL 
Novel has to be painted large bv mg loom 
(fireptore), separate dining, morning room. bleak fast room ond powder room, powder room and kitchen down Delightful basement, gome loom with fireplace ond wet bor Upstairs o gracious moster bedroom with torge dressing loom plus 2 others, at toched servants guorters ond o 4ox 
2o pool 
SUHM LOCATION 
Magnificent spaces for large scoled entertaining joins by coly oreas tot intimate termly moments 2 level moster suite, 4 other kmgsued bedrooms, updated with meticulous core Unusual chandeliers, unique floonng, 4o family room with built ins, on 2 tots (room foi pool or tennis court) 
MIGHTY TWIEV AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful I story bnck on beautiful splintered grounds, designed by nwnei ortecni with many special handcrafted features for this home 
In IMI 
MID M V O W N O FINANCED 
Greot house to do ever in excellent neighborhood 
3 7. living loom 
(fireplace), dining 
CHARMING COTTAGE 
On o quiet street in most desirable residential mea (lose to shopping ond bus. Hardwood Noon, toeplate in living loom, separate dining 
REST OFTHUNG 
In magnificent Morymont On o 35o deep lot 4 bedrooms, plus 2 sitting rooms up Beautiful foyei forma living, dining rooms, library, breakfast room and torge morning room down 
TtRliU HIUS— AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful one story on a corner living loom with toeplate, separate dining loom, fondly loom (Redondo file floor), 4 bedrooms, plus quest house Gorgeous new kitchen 824 
3233, 872 5973, 876 7314, 827 
9)o3. 626 oo49 

^ V w r v Q l ^ t , ^ / e * 
</r t A L T a « » 

JUST LISTED 

5 rooms, 
2 battu, fireplace, 
2 cor garage, appliances, split bede cams, 
IOO"/, brick, 
I year 
Owner transferred, $ 3 2 ,5 o o . 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

SELECT YOUR AREA AND PRICE RANGE 

H *r* ara Several Northeast Properties of th# Many 
Available to Show you. 

T H I GLEN 
Whopping big townhome fo r the m o n e y 
J bedrooms, 2 2Vj baths plus upstairs sitting room. Priced for quick sale $ 2 8 ,2 5 o . 

B R O O K W O O D 
■ 
Enor mous 3 bedroom, 
2 both with fireploce. 
Mammoth covered patio 
Ray Ellison 
Celebrity Plan $ 5 3 ,o o o 

W O O D L A K E 
- 
6 7 1 5 
S h a d y l a k o O r. Charming 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, covered king sue patio. 
Many ad ditional features. 
Open terms. $ 4 o ,4 5 o 

C A M E LO T ll - flatter than new 3 bedroom. 2 both, 2 living areas. 
A steal at 
$ 3 4 ,5 o o 

C A M ELO T king with a bedrooms, 
$ 3 3 ,6 7 5 , 

Fit tor a 
1 family1 4 ba His. 

THE G LEN - Delightful 3 bedroom, 
2 Vj bath townhome. 
Priced to sell- 
$ 2 6 ,o o o 

THE 
G LEN 
For 
Hie economy minded 
Marvelous 3 bedioom with immense living room. 
Owner says 
"S e ll.'' 
$ 2 3 ,o o o 

K IR B Y 
- 
2 5 1 3 
S cots­ m a n . 
The one you have been waiting 
Tori 
3 bedrooms, 
I Vl both, separate living and dining rooms $ 2 3 ,5 o o 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALL 6 5 3-o 57 o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

FOX RUN 
166o2 HUNTING VALLEY 
Exerting horn* with something for 
•veryons, dual fireplace swim ming pool, lots of ira pc I pro fusional landscaping, 
3 bedrooms, 
7 baths, double garage, petted at a tow $54,9oo 
' 
6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

D e a n s Ow e n s 

 f j g r j 
Bf Al I ORS-481$ 

Waltern Rd Office 

HT 

MONTE VISTA 
123 W. LUU WOOD 

J Spacious Rock Home A 
A 2 Bedroom - I Bath * 
♦ Den ■ All Carpeting A 
A Detached Servants 
Quarters * 
■A Excellent Condition A 
$ 4 9 ,COO 
8 2 2 - 5 7 3 2 

PARK VILLAGE 
3 1% ond import fully equipped k it:hen taihedral ceilings tim,out lust listed 
$19,ooo 
Niles 
656 /SBO 
NORTHWOOD 
Mngmficen! home with 3 torge bedrooms. 2% bottu, torge living room and dining loom with parquet floors, ftieptoce in family loom 
Many extras! $/9.Sftl Niles 653 
2/98 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

6 5 6 - 5 5 2 o 
6 9 1 
3 4 1 - 9 1 9 1 
1121 

KEY GROUP 
^ P M Y J 1 
, , f c 1 
U l l V 
M i 
ARI.AIDA 
OP Al TDD 

112 COTILLION 
: C astle H ills Terro ce -O M Ja ckso n 
I K e lle r Open 3-6 for your tn tp e c- i lio n (w e a th e r p e r m ttin g ) , 3 be- j b ro om s, 2 bens, fire p la c e sapor j ate d intn a ro o m , 567-ooo. 344 8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M LS 

J O N IS -K IN G 
8 2 6 * 2 4 3 9 

OPEN HOUSE 
I - 5 P.M. 

36o6 Windgap 

Very large 3 bedroom. 7 both home in (o1oNKS NOUN Separate hying loom dining room. and family roam large master bedroom, two pottos, cad pnvocy tenet $41.5oo oo 
68o6 Twin loll* Drive 

Beautiful 3 bedroom. 2 bath home rn 
WOODLAKE See this dehghtful kit chee with a* appliances 
Aft separate Irving and dining rooms together with termly room, privacy fence and cut da sac location for 
$33,5oo OO and BUY ITI 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 
341-9191 

656-SS2o 

OPEN HOUSE 
2 : 3 o - 5 t 3 o w e a th e r p e rm ittin g 
3o1 DIANA 

3 -2 -2 . C o rn e rs * 

265 ADDAX 

3 -2 D *ltv ie w 
14oo3 OAK ARBOR 

4 -2 -2 , D ouble fire p lo c e 

55o3 EAGLEWOOD 

* 
3 -2 -2 . Fireplace 
11413 GOLDEN OAK 
TRAIL 

3 -2 -2 . Live O ak 
BOB MCGINNISS 
REALTORS 

OPEN 2-5 
1o711 EDGEFIELD 
Nice formly home 3 -2 -2 in good neighborhood, 
NE 
Schools, large oohs trees in backyard, covered patio. 
Mony extras. 

1o833 EDGEFIELD lovely 
3 -2 -2 , cathedral ceiling, split bedroom ar­ rangement, fresh paint utility room, corner lot, low payments. 

1o3119 LARKYORKE 
Unique home with flair, 2 fireplaces, built in bookshelves, electric goroge doors. Just a few of the extras you will hod in this 3-2-2 home. 

8543 GLEN BLUFF lo w equity on this clean 3- 
2-2 with corpet, new paint, immediately available larg e living oreo 
A must see before you buy. 

GENE WILSON 

656-3441 REALTORS MIS 
KEY GROUP 

7o17 GLEN MIST 

Idtal home for a couple 2 story, 
2 bedroom, 2% both, 2 carport 
All kitchen appliances, covered patio ond pnvocy fenced Assume 
7%% VA at SISO monthly 

6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

Wahem Bd. Office 

146 CROMWELL 
O P E N 2:3o-S:3o, L ovm c a re bas been la v is h e d on th is 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath and den hom e B e a u tifu l w on to w a ll c o rp e tin a . re a l fire p la c e , c u s to m d ra p e s in c lu d e d , lo v e ly k itc h e n th a t in c lu d e s s to v e , r e ­ f r ig e r a t o r , d is h w a s h e r o n d f r e t t e r , d o u b le g a ra g e 
O w n e r m u st sell Shown Bv R o b e rt Can 
I to 735-4979 736-4296 
P E T E C A N T U R E A L E S T A T E 
KEY GROUP 

R E A L T O R S 

?o4 PROPERTY OOT DF TOWN 

7 AC RPS P LU S C O U N T R Y L U X 
U R Y H O M E 
2.3 M ile s N E o f 
B o e rn e in S te e l V o lle y . 4 Be 
1 d ro o m t, 3 d e c o ra to r b a th s F o r ­ m a l liv in g a n d d in in g . L a r g e fa m ily ro o m w ith v a u lte d ce ilm a and b e a u tifu l fire p la c e D esraner 
S o la rio n v in y l in lo v e ly k itc h e n o n d b ig b re a k fa s t ro o m 
M a n y 
E x tra s ! A p p ro x im a te ly *c a c re s fenced fo r h orses w ith tack room ana s ta ll. 
$79,5oo 
342 3211 
A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW & RUNE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs of TRU ST 
A whole c ity b lo c k in edge of tow n on p a v e d s ire e w ith a m o d e rn hom e and new steel c o m m e rc ia l b u ild in g 
In n e a r b y D e v in e 
*43-5459 o tte r d a rk . 

T R I P L E X O F F F R E D E R IC K S 
B U R G R D. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , se pa ra te m e te rs . Inco m e 577o p er m o A skin g o n ly 522,ooo 

Tower View Inc. 732-6157 
8 U N IT A P A R T M E N T S C O M 
P L E T E w ith p o o l 
22o R IN C K 
N E Y , L ets tro d e to r D u p le x 
484 4711 o r 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

IO u nits, 7 fu lly o ccup ie d. I need m a in te n a n c e r e p a ir . Id e a l to r m a in te n a n c e m a n , 559.ooo 54ooo d ow n ond assum e loon. 828-69o7 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

ALL R O C K ***® 
O n ly ' j b lo c k to J e ffe rs o n H ig h 
V e ry d e s ira b le 2 s to ry O u p le x w ith 2 bed ro om s oach a p a rtm e n t 
E x c e lte n t lo c a tio n M id JO'S. IM 
M E ID A T E 
POSSESSIO N 
344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M LS 

B Y 
O W N E R 
S A N 
P E D R O 
H IL L S , MI,SOO 7 M o Old, c u sto m ro c k hom e. 4 2 7 lo rd * scre e n e d p o rc h ond p a tio , c u s to m d ra p e s a n d s h u tte r s , fir e p la c e . G 
E b u ilt Ins. lo ts o f s to ra g e , w a te r so ftn er. in te r com , m a n y e x tra s 
494 583 
8 
_______________________ 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fer ra ts to o th e r hom es 
“ F o r Sale By O w n e r" 342 9393 
San A nto nio H o m e ow ne r s A ssot 

B p e n @ 

ABCftJ t).3 A BI.4A 
O W N 2 : 3 o - 5 : 3 o 
7 o 5 M O O R SI DE 
(w e a th e r H r m lit M a | 
In 
WINOCPIST 
OH Ik M K . c e n t . Ie W it rara, d e te c ted hem e h at new 
“ H a n e y - 
Beige" terce Hue thtweed fe v e r e d c e tic e n jS e L A t O l 

 e lk M p e d r a tl^ re ccw, ceti paneled iu m lly room w trt Mg, brick fire e la te . . . babby retral end n m ere etnas kltth e n w ith ta p p e rt ene a w a lim us 
$ o9 .9ooM A I ro o t 6 52 -74 *I 
Q U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

13o OAVIS COURT 
O P E N 2 5 
B e a u tifu lly re sto re d , liv in g ro o m . d in in g ro o m , den. a nd s o liu m 
2 b edroom s, q u a rte rs , m u c h m o re 
589.5oo 
HS R E A L T Y 
I 874-74)7___________________ 344 5*33 

1o7 DOVER 
Open 7-4 T e rre ll M ills 
A rc h ite c t's dr earn, o v e r 1» a r r * rn chore* lo catio n , ro to m o l rn design. 
3 bedroom s. 2 hahs, don ond olec- tr lc k itc h e n , p lu s q u a rte rs . Con tro t heat and a ir, fire p la c e , p ric e d rig h t at 569.59o 
826-o*o* 
R E A LT O R S 
82491o9 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

Across from Golf Course 
B e a u tltu l 4 b e d ro om , den, g a m e r- nom . o v e r-s u e d pool, hug e p o lio . la rg e tre e s on lo t 
74 h r S ervice. 455-51 l l 
V IR G IN IA 
C E R V E N K A 
R E A L T O R 

Apartment Owners Only 
M e m b e rs and non m e m b e rs o re in v ite d to a n O W N E R S O N L Y 
L U N C H in the H E R IT A G E RO O M et the O ak H ills M o to r Inn , Tues day, Feta 8 at 17 noon L u n c h tee is M OO F o r re s e rv a tio n s c o ll San 
A ntonio 
A p a rtm e n t 
Assoc at 
828 *378 

BY OWNER 

MONTE VISTA 

Old World I hoi in with tux unum provisions for today s living Brick fnyltsh ludo! in 4 
3%, plus qtrs tlying loom has view of hied tenure and londsrapod enclosed yoid 

Separate formal dining, walnut paneled library, spotious 3rd flora game loom 

JONIS KING 
826-2439 

3 I . s to v e , r e f r ig e r a t o r , d is h w asher, fenced F re s h ly p a in te d 
M u st sell th is week 
532oo e q u ity , low, low p a y m e n ts 
635 7146, 
*55*413 
B y o w n e r. V a le n c ia . 4 7 7, cu l de s a c . fir e p la c e , p a tio , a ll b r ic k , e x tra s g a lo re , v a c a n t 43* o817 

BY O W N E R , V illa g e N o rth , lo v e ly c o io n ia l style , 12-2. la rg e c o rn e r lot, N E S chools *33 1884 
B Y O W N E R 
1 1 1, w h it# b ric k , e x c e lle n t a re a . 14oo sa It fo rm a l 
(d in in g, 513,9oo ASS 6o8o 

A W hole C ity b lock in edge of tow n on p a v e d s tre e t w ith a m o d e rn hom e ond new steel c o m m e rc ia l b u ild in g 
In n e a r b y D e v in * . 
643 5659 a tte r d a rk 

B O O M IN G P E A R S A L L 
L a r g e fr a m e h o m o w ith e x t r a lo t. 
519,oo9. B a rg a in I 1 314-44o3 

(W a l i r e * 
EeewdNto 
■ tw in a) 
HIDOCN EORIST 
1591o CMM MYRTIE lf you are teed af looking for that 
4 bedroom heme with a torge country kitchen, huge tamely room, in th* (hurduM (toe under 
6o.oo6, try this ene It s super1 
WOODS OF SHAVANO 
Hew do you spelt lehef’ 4439 
HfWkOBf 
WOODS it Mn way* 
Beautiful hem* en corn#! tot 3 bedrooms, 2 baths large family roam and yaw very awn pm etc peal (em* by (md se* it Straws* th* pnc* it right 
SAN Pf ORO HIUS 
13818 MOOKHOUOW 
I truly lowly 4 bedroom heal*. hug* 2ox21 
I orally loom with hrtptoc* A graal buy rn lh* IO s. 
3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 -3 4 9 -5 1 1 1 

Vem O w tss 

H i . * o r ,- a h s 

N O R T H C IN T R A l 
I OCK H I 1 1 - if (M A 
O E E IC f 

O P H U S 
35o2 KINGBARD 
HIDDEN CREEK 
OH Fowhattan Hug* 4 bedroom. 2 both*, lovely doc or*1 formol and In formal hying, fit spier,, UT MS 

$ 6 2 ,9 o o 
69o-98o2 

G R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
R E A I TO R N 

O R IN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
1 2 3 o W A IT H A M A T O N la M V O lm IO a tt 
BITT1*5 
BO. A k n e e ' n e w h e m e a e a a v e r C U A i e 
Im * la rg e , e p e e M vkra a re a w ith a Wreck 
Al t JR A 
A. ... 
(| 

Carpe, tow ery k f ib er • dte- 

H o ’kVo »»at »o rA ta s l* T M I 
© U t C H IP M A N C O . 

O W N S U N O A Y 2 TO 5 
13815 SHOOK HOLLOW 
I bedrown ham* rn prestigious 
OM KOU OW (STAUS Fnvgry ten 
(ad. lady carpotad toto of boos 
Stop by today 
5919 SINKA lorn* 
4 badraam hem* nam ftaftcal Canter Oyer INA ta It 
Best buy in rte ore* tor SHMO 
U 4 4 3 M 
344 O K /. Anytime 

D e m * D u e s 
• I N I O R S IN I 

•A N D E R A RO OPPfCf 

CHUEN 1 2 TO 5 
1 4 4 IO -1 1 4 )I m o o * NOHOW 
S A N P f O R O H U LS 
T O W N H O U S E 
STOW T H I W O R L D I 
W A N T TO 
(M T OPPII 
Ha*4 Im <6$^ * B sSIbrR, 6m mr* 
•whs* f f&df Hm m MHN* vow 

 jfttbgN 
I i-sHN Ort $N9iNF 9F # 6*^j| 3 

 i • to ils O f T B Ia I 

A L I I R IC H I b eat ae rn I* I a am 
H O M * B U IL T DM YOUM LO T 
816 95* IBM O ar d in e U t * A y# 
APB C IA B u r t O I a I M c 1oo 1491 

 ft* | i» 4 lf, C o w le y aM#. b i o * - '! bartree rn. I . M M a rn e e « m ace 
Open K M M 
9 I * 1P M Abl end 
AW* IH O t Country I t bu AM OOO 
*oo 4179 

I U 9 I U A B O N A N # A f t i* . b e a u tifu l f i l l fta a b u a t b tl* c o u n try kitch en , a n# eecend fa m ily i a * R> 
M u * * d ib b le r l r 
B re a m i r i t i i e i a n d w a lk id 
A ct aaa ab metre auth a r vee new sr a a ta a trb f 
O pen I 1—o *1o1 f b i 
Ledge a lt H e rr* 
MAC A ft AL I A I A f f t AIA f i l l 

ORIN H O U S l 
Noon-6 FAB. _ 

Sun, r 
9311 CoWo$|han Rd. 

S split bedrooms, 3 boths, NE 

School district, financing 

 ovoil Other open hows*! 
VAN BUREN t ASSOC. 

6*4 7171 
ASS-1247 
OOI J O U 

A U M HEIGHTS 
2IB C O R O N A 
O P E N J - S 
) B e d m a n * * , I b a th , lo n m o m 
614 o1*6 *24-11*4 

S T O I. FIRCH 

B V O W N ftR 
O P lN H O G fcA F 
Sat ond Aaa 
»$, J ie d r awm 3 -( : bath, M y c a t b ated, c e n tra l arr haat w afer le ft* * # , ftriv a t# b ac* ra ra tra e h a u te tar ae u n ite w it* a i ta m e ! C la ia ta a ft a e r m a a a ic a fa lu m d 'd u a ls , •< 
B ric k e a r bdACae arf NO ISO. en tu t do »dc 
519 Sd* ft a nn on ce ac abbott** iran i l i a Tu b t l b c b *, e n i n t m * r o o t h i l l s 
~ »rijlM I 6a VfT'H&Uil** 
AAT A N D AUN * TO 6 
92ob (Hies FOW! 
L a rg e c a ra a r HH. C o m * 1* ! * i* t * 
- • ( I h y in g end ( n a * dan. N A scnagto 
P ric e d w* th * rn * 
AAA M ftk 

ELDORADO 
121o2 LA CHARCA 
OPEN 2-S 
Cut* clean I bedroom ham *, large on* livin g orca, 2 bath, p riva cy fence, oood a b su m ptio n below 
5*o,ooo Take El Sndero to Cerro 
Vibta to La Charco 
COMPASS RE ALTY 
*9614o1 4*4-2o11 

915 FABULOUS 
OPKN AS. O utttonding S i t tire aloe*, pool. NE Schools 

 north loop inc. 
REALTORS MLS 
11o-5424 s n x r r n Y 
OPEN HOUSE 2 -5 
8o2 CRESTVIEW ORIVE 
2 bedroom ham*, central heat and a ir, co ve re d p a tio , c o rn e r lo t, fre s h ly p a in te d . C o ll S a le m 
Ochoa 922 449*. 122 )277 
W ALTER GOODWIN A ASSOC 

OEN SUNDAY 1 - 8 
48o2 SORRENTO 
IR Windsor Square 
Excellent I stem on aute) cul de sec 4 bedrooms, 2 bath, and I car ta r o t* Cam* ond sea it Sunday or coll *72 SOO* 
EQ G ILB E R T REALTORS 
OPCN HOUSE 2 4 
! 
313o MEAOUW CREEK 
FOREST OLEN 
Near NS Stadium , exit Loop 41* at 
C u le d ra , o * w est ta F O E E S T 
GLEN 244 347 j 
BOE BR ENNER 
____ 
OPEN M O U id 
941* M ILLBROOK 
Adam » Hit! t i o clock noon till dark Sundov o nly 414 2241, 

RED CARPET 
OPEN HOUSE 2 $ PM 
• IT T E R R E II RD 
Vary V pa (tau * hem * an IPI by lei near Ft Sam 545,ooo *24-9171 

RED CARPET 

I 
BOtllOf R, COLORADO 
M o u n ta in H e m e , a n d th re e co t- , fa n e s , m a in o ld e r h o m e 3 b e ­ d ro o m s . I b a th . k itc h e n , d in in g ond liv in g ro o m s, p lu s 3 s m a lle r I bed ro om , I b ath co tta ge s W ith a tota l m o n th ly in com e of $345 A ll h o u s e s o r * s o lid , h a v in g b ee n : re m o d e le d , n ew s id in g , a n d in sulotion. 2 w e lls S m a ll s tre a m on p ro p e rty . W ell m a in ta in e d co un ty rood on school and m a il routes 
A ll th is on o ne P IN E c o v e r e d i m o u n ta in a c r e 
I 
M i. fr o m 
B ou ld er. Col P ric e d 515,ooo C oll : or w rite oulder V a lle y R eal E sta te 
I JO I 444 4231, PO B o x 7o77, I 
B ou ld er, Col AO2o4. 
C O T L L A C o rn e r A c re s w ith 'n .a t hom e lo cate d a f e x p re s s w a y and h igh w a y *19,5oo G re a t P o te n tia l 
1 114 6oo3. 
51 43 ^ I R 
A C R E 
L A N O 
IN 
ER A Z IL T ra c is 25o.ooo lo 15o,ooo 
A c re * 
R o u n d b y la rg e r iv e r s 
G o v e r n m e n t w il l le n d f o r im p ro v e m e n ts and liv e s to c k MOR 
RIS W EST R E A L T Y , R f I Box 54, re n te r P oint, Tx f 434 2472 

2o8-TQ WHOSIS 
___ 

2 3 4 B E D R O O M S , dbl d o r age. fireplace, loft, terrace p atios, m any w indow s. 
I great vigw AO * and $o'*. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y A o 9 o2C 

CARE FREE LIVING! 
I It's a ll y o u rs in th is e x c lu s iv e I b e d ro o m s. l ' i b o th s to w n h o m e 
O utsta nd in g te a tu ro s o re a la rg e m a s te r b e d ro o m , w ith d re s s in g a re a. c o rn e r fire p la c e and a 24x17 ft e nclosed a nd c e v o rd td p o lio 
547,SOO 142 4177, n it* !. 497 f i l l 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

 f 6 r y o u r G R ic k i T h u m b i I b e d ro o m , 2 'i b o th co nd o w ith greenhouse end tried ro o t g ard e n , 
I cu s to m c o n s tru c tio n w ith lo ts Of 
; e x tra s to r lh * d is c e rn in g b u y e r 
D on’t d ela y c a ll tod a y I 
N ile s 
: 654-91)2 
C e n tu ry 21 
H A P R E 5 E R *5 34 1*7 A n y tim e 

LEASE WITH OPTION 
W OOOSTONE TO W NH O U SES 
W ill sell w ith I S dow n, se con da ry f in a n c in g a v a ila b le on d a w n p a ym e n t Can buy w ith lease pur c h a s e a g r e e m e n t 
7 e n d 2 be dre am s 
$28,7oo lo 561,4oo 
Coft 
|*9o 1192 

M o ry n m n l Z re o D ra m a tic Town house 2-2* a, m u s te r suite dow n I c a r g a ra g e 
5*9,oo9 
82* 24)9, 
Jones K in g R e a lto rs 

A F IR E P L A C E o f ston e w a rm s th * h ue *, open liv in g a re a of th is 4 b e d ro o m h om e. L o v e ly , b u ilt rn k itc h e n , c o v e re d p a tio ! 
537,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
459 7oo7 

Guy Chipman Co 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
C h a rm in g c o m p le te ly re m o d e le d , c e n tr a l h e a t- a ir , n e w k it , n e w , p a in t, n ew 2* a b ath s, 2 b e d ro o m s , j w e t b a r, liv in g , d in in g , s tu d y w ith j 
I J' c e llin g , tile flo o r , fire p la c e , b ric k p a tio 572,5oo. 2)7 H a rris o n ' 
777 -4 11 1 . 824 4944 w e e k d a y s 
824 79o9. 824-5711 w e eke n ds and 
QUOS. 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
N E W O N M A R K E T 
I b e d ro o m . I b a th , s u n r o o m , h a rd w o o d flo o rs , c o v e re d p a fio . w on t la st lo n g ' 824 o284. 874 2744 
STEVE T. FINCH 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
N E W O N M A R K E T 
D e s ira b le lo c a tio n in O ld A la m o 
H e ig h ts L iv in g ro o m w ith f i r * place, se p a ra te d in in g ro o m , den w ith F re n c h d o o rs le o d in a lo j p riv a te c o u rty a rd . 2 b e d ro o m s . J b ath s, now c o n tro l a ir o nd h ea t 
548.9oo 
C a ro l 
Case 
877 5228. 
12* 1471. 
S tro u d e r N e lso n P e o n y 

A L L STO NE I b e d ro o m , I b a th on ta rg o co rn e r lot. c a rp e t, c o u n try kitc h e n i l l , 5oo Colt 
IN T E R S T A T E A lt 9755 til A p m 

APARTMENTS 
94 U N IT S N O R T M W E ST 
E X 
C E L L E N T IN V E S T M E N T 
IS 
U N IT S 
N O R T H E A S T F U R 
N iS M E D F L E X IB L E F IN A N C 
IN G 341 72o1 R E A L T O R S 

BY OWNER WINDCREST 
L o r g e 4 b e d ro o m h o m y . s id e e n try g a ra g e , h ill c o u n try v ie fro m re a r p a tio A u to m a tic s p n n k le r system , 1oo% stone 
L a rg e f o m ily ro o m w it h f ir e p la c e ! 
S81.too 
S9o7 W IN D IN G R ID G E 
H Y 
A P P O IN T M E N T N O 
A G E N T S . 43) 7771 

C O N V E N IE N T W in d s o r P o r k , im m o c u to t* J b e d ro o m I b a th , den h om e 
R a n g e , s id e b y s id e r e f r ig e r a t o r , c e n t r a l a ir . n e w s h o o c a rp e t. $74,73o. V A ( H A . 
1 S eller p a y * a ll c lo s in g 699-79)4 o tte r _V A ll d oy w e e ke n d * 
__ 
C O N V E R SE-SI 7 SOO 
B e a u tifu lly d e c o ra te d , fe n c e d . 
2-1-1, a ir, a p p t*, no d ow n V A . 
I 454 o97S 
878 4S4SPRIAKO S RE A L TY74 hr 1 

COUNTRY LIVING 
1o9% r o c k h o m e , g iv e * yo w a 
I fe e lin g of space A pp co x 2,ooo ta 
I t i 
3 B e d ro o m s , 7 b a th s , fo r m a t 
■ liv in g a n d d in in g 
L a rg a fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e N a tiv o tre e s , w o rk s h o p 
A p p ro x 
1'a o tt o . 
Reft mane * 
ASB 3S3S A n ytim e) 

I J 
A 
M 
D E C O R A T O R . R E M O D E L E D . l l . 313 FE A K W O O D . 8 )1 ,1 o o 
817 2o41 O W N E R , A D E N T 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC cau about this. 
4 A P T S , a p p lia n c e * , fu r n itu r e , s e p a ra te m e te rs 
W ill fin a n c e 
327.5oo O w ner A b u t . o26 o*o1 
B A C H E L O R S D E L IG H T A N D 
IN C O M E , TOO D u plex w ith 7 be d ro c m s e a c h s id e 
O w n e r tin a n e n t a t 1% w ith 15% dow n M u st se* to a p p re c ia te 
E v e n in g s c a ll 
M a rg e 65) 315o 

[E x tr a c le a n I b e d ro o m . 7 b a th hom e w ith h a rd w o o d flo o rs C lo s* 
|to F t 
S am 
C ity b u s s e r v ic e 
I N e w ly p a in te d in s id e o nd o ut Has 
[new ro o f, Im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y 
; O nly 174.5oo 
{ 
349 4141 o r 34* 3515 A n y tim e 

' D E S IG N E D FO R F A M IL Y L IV - 
I IN G 
F o rm a l o nd In fo rm a l a re a s a n d s tu d y w it h b u il t in s 
24* 
, D e lu xe rec ro o m w ith b u ilt in b a r 
4 L a rg e b e d ro o m s , 2 * i b a th s , 
' fire p la c e a n d lo ts o f b u ilt in s rn f a m ily r o o m 
P r o fe s s io n a l! y la n d s c a p e d g ro u n d s w ith t p r in k le r a n d d e c o r a t iv e lig h t in g 
I 4*47*51 A N Y T IM E 

C G n tu r v 2i beanie Owens ROSOW & KLINE 
V 
C l l l U r y 
Z 
I 
C A M E L O T A R E A J I 2 to w n 
R E A L T O R S 3o Y ea rs o ~ [R U S T 
D E L A N E Y RE A LT Y 651 OSSO jk u u s e 
N o th in g d ow n . 34oo c lo s 
E A S T T E R R E L L M IL L S l - t , 

BETTER BDH! 
ANO BEnER BOUGHT 
H ere is 4 new hom es c o m p le te d rn 
V a lle y 
F o r g e b y 
W e lls 
D r ^elopem ent P ric e d lo w in m id 
1o’ s 
O u ts ta n d in g b u y s 
O p e n te rm s 
2 a n d 4 b e d ro o m s . F ir * p lace s 
Y ou kn o w to d a y '* p ric e , to m o rro w 's a n y b o d y * guess 
114 7391 (A n y tim e ) 

 house 
N o th in g d ow n . 34oo c lo s rag 475 14*1, 671 372o. 474 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 
C A M E L O T C O R N E R 
No dow n A nyone on lu x u ry 3 2 7. sep d in in g , step d ow n liv in g , la rg e fa m ily , c o u r ty a rd , m u c h m o re u n d e r 319,5oo 434 o973 
821 4343P R IA K Q 3 R E A L T Y !* h r ' 

2 - 7 7 I. C A M E L O T 2. fire p la c e , w et bar m a n y e x tra s . 54ooo equ i ty . 
5)o8 m o 
NO 
A G E N T S I 
433 79*o 

E A S T T E R R E L L M IL L S 
2 1, fa m ily ro o m , c a r p o r t , c e n t r a l h e a l a ir 
E q u ity o r r e fin a n c e 
M o n th ty a m t 31o 1, * % % I n t , 
57 4 .o o o 
C h a r le s W a tts R e a l 
E sta te. 717 7*18, 727 3153 

R E A LT O R S , 1)47 A U S T IN H 

IN AN ELEGANT ADDRESS 
H IS T O R IC M O N T E V IS T A 
C o m p lim e n t y o u r fu r n itu re w ith gorgeous Oak flo or a. 4 b ed ro om s 
4’ I boths te rro re d y o rd plus pool ond lo b o n o s Asb (or R uth Fobes 
341 9166 A N Y T I M E 
C e n tu ry 21 
H O W A R D TA TE R E A L T O R S 

A S S U M E 
7% lo o n b e a u t if u l 
S oo n ish J I ) in C a m e lo t h o g * m a s te r surte b e a m e d c e ilin g s , e x tra s By o w ne r. C onsider e qu ity in s m a lle r nom e rn p a rtia l tro d e 
NO A G E N TS P l LA S E 
*3 ) 4S33 
I U I)7 1 
________ _ 
A S S U M E 
L o w e q u it y o f I 
34.312 37*4 m o tor la rg e 3 2 7 w ith huge den C ull 
I N T E R S T A T E 814 o/33 til I pm 
A S S U M E - 3 U 4 M O N T H 
3 De broom s, to /p e l a n near W indsor 
M o ll M ake otte r V a ca n t 
***/4 jra W A Y N E S L A T E R 149 * V * 
A T T E N T IO N M IL IT A R Y - 
No better b uy in W oodlake S m all e qu ity and assum e S JI* D o rm on I s p a rk lin g J I , I c a rp e tin g a ll o p p ts d ra p e s c lo s e ts g a lo re m o i h m ore O nly 37* *36 *34 gy/3 
878 4343PRIAKO S R E A L T Y ? * h r I 

 b a n i R E M O 
New” h om e 
7 5 % m a s o n ry P ric e d w all u n d e r m a r ke t vdiua J b e d ro o m s ) b ath s, o il place, e x tro t, near tc h a a lt shat! 

?o? CANTERBURY Hilt 
C h o ile T e r r e ll H ills lo r u lio n 
S purious bile 8 C olonial 
I rn ye beautiful room s high te ilm q s 
4 bedroom . I both. I c a r g a ra g e , 
BRO O KW O O D No down paym ent q u a r te r , p a tio , p u ttin g g re e n to anyone 
Contem per c ry 1 7 I , j * 177,ooo SIA 847o h e al a ir. a p p lia n c es , c o u rty a rd 
NE Schools IJK 773 Will trod. 
B O H D e /*A O I O 
I* * 1o91________________ RE A l TOR 

BUYERS BEWARE) ll you wonl o hom e tor 377 4oo you w ill to y * this doll house 
I bedroom s cen lro i heal and on pr.yacy tented yard ond it s o a rut de sat 
147 4177 n.les 
43*4137 
H IL L S O U T H E R N R E A l IP R ti Y O W N E R 
J 3 I 
A ll br ii k h o m e 
C lo ** lo I tem S choo l w alking distant e It, N Slur Mon 
144 o17)_____ 
H» owner 
32 I. t blk sr nr»ol den equity 33ooo 3213 m o. ess s * t2 _ 
By owner I I I c en tral on fu r 
Pe! priyar y lent e 
( O v e r e d pol,o 
3148 74 pm ts 371,73o 45j HOSS 
By O w n e r 
I I 2. c e n t r a l a ir fenced yard 3218 mo H »3o equity or rent 817 3917 O w ner ogent __ 

 ny O W N E R 
3 2 2 l.r e p lo r e c d cheder al ceilings sting carpel ceder p a lm cover fe n c ed cur h e al. No Agents, 513 93o *3 W ) 11 ti / o w n e r " 3 7 g a r a g r r un 
.e rre d c e n lro i an h tu l lenrgH yar d. r e v e r e d p o lio 
SWS m o 
WSO® equity 
N I ISO f rill ofter 
8 3* THU 
I 

Frances Altgett O'Neill 

CANT RAIN FOREVER! 
S om e d a y y o u r a n o n io y I b e a u tltu l y o rd . c o m p lete w it! J 7 3 stone hom e N e o r clu b. w ith pools ond tonnis. in p o p u la r E l D o ra d o 
Ask tor F ra n W h it* 
341-9196 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu ry 21 
H O W A R D TA TE R E A L TORS n e a r M A E R 

E A S Y S i l l A S S U M P T IO N 
No q u a lify in g , im m e d ia te m o e e in w ith low 51659 e q u ity on cle an 
1 7 7 fire p la c e in su nke n liv rag a re a . a ir. c a rp e te d , fenced and m o re . In C a m e lo t It, c e ll 
I 1*4 3364 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 144 7991 
E E N Y , M E E N Y , M IN Y , M O 
I C all rn * now a nd le t m e show you 
I th I * b r a n d n o w lis t in g t h a t 's 
I p ric e d re o l lo w I b e d ro o m s , can y e m e n ! to IN IS 
E v e n in g s c a ll 
S llvln o 434 7543 
C e n tu ry 21 
OE I AME Y R E A L T Y 631 933o 
SIM MTY 
A s s u m e g o o d n o t * o n t h is a n a m a y th is d e iig h tu i 7 b e d ro o m to w n h o u s e 

11 1, C e n tra l and W indsor M a li, t i , 
514V m o 7% 43* *16o 
B a w ty , 

C e n tr a l a ir h e a t 
I y e a r * o ld 
D is h w a s h e r a n d r e fr ig e r a to r in e lud e d O w n e r tra n s fe r ro d m u s t soil John G ra y *9 * 33)o 
PKOKSSIOftU REALTY 
• 
Ii AKUI HILLS 
Just liste d. I h e a r a am , J b a th . ** b r ic k , c e n t r a l h o o t a ir , la r g e b u rl! in k itc h e n , p a n e le d fa m ily room , ro v e r od p a tio 
O w n er a nxio u s 
CHOICE NE 1oCATIoN 
! mtar MIMn^nR PARK 
K itc h e n o n d fa m ily ro o m e n te r 
IffL J In I t l l l u O U f i r n f l n la w m e n ! c e n te r x i i o n d h e rs (L o v e ly 4 b e d ro o m . I b a th w ith c lo s e t* In m a s te r b e d ro o m o th e r b e d ro o m s and I d e c o ra te r b ath s 
U n d e r 5)9.oo9 m a ke s th is h e rd to b ea t C o vered p atio , stor o u t b u ild in g s arad a ll d ra pe s in clu de d 
349 4)43 ar 3 4 * 1 3 ll A n y tim e 

 k' Beanie Owens 
C L E A N AS A P IN 

B V O W N E R 
IN C A M E L O T I, 
5 19 ) M E R L IN . 2 b e d r o o m * . 2 b a th s , fire p la c e in liv in g ro o m a n d d e n 
C a th e d e ra i c e ilin g s , o a r a g e c g n v e r t a d in t o g e m * roam , co ve re d p atio , u tility ro o m . fu lly • “ ’ P -ir-d p ius e th e r e x tra s 
S H . AQQ *531133 _________ _______ 
B V O W N E R IN C A M R L O T 
M o ve in le m e r r e * ! I y e a r* ole, 
1739 sa ft . 4 b d rm , 2 b ath . fo rm a t liv in g ro a m , (a ra * den w ith hr 

[d o u b le a o r a g * a n d b u lt! in k it chon AH on I a e ro O pen te rm s . 
! se* to d a y ' 
49* 33/1 
N it* * 65* 4 )8 * 
C e n tu ry 21 
W A K B F IE L O R E A L T O R S 
I 
E V E N Y T H IN S N IC E 
(2 2 2, p a n e le d dan, b a y w in d o w b re a k fa s t Ie lo v e ly y a rd , t r u ll 
I ir e * * , p riv a c y te n e t W o rksh o p 
; 
MAC * e A t * iT A T f ,1$ i i } ' 
E X C E L L E N T I OC A T IO N , n e a r 
'm a il and schools, wet! k e p t beau 
M o lly d e c o ra te d 2 2 7. c e n tr a l hea t and a ir 
A ssum e 7% VA or r e f in a n c e 
B E T T Y 
C L A R K 
R E A L T O R 2*7 41*7 49* SIU I 
E X C IT IN G H O M E , near p a rk a nd 
2 b a th hom e w ith [ school, h a * loc m a l h y in g d in in g 

2 or 3 hedracwns. fu lly c a rp e te d . ra n g e a n d r a t r if g r a io r 
A ssum e 
5147 m o n th ly p a ym e n ts h u rry 
34$ 1479 
H e ctor J H e rb e ck Inc 
R e a lto rs 

OPEN HOUSE 
SUN ONLY 2 4 PM 
143o7 CITATION 
I te a r nom s I ' ; baths. S e c lu s iv e 
H o rn s in C h u r c h ill A s la w s 
I ■, m iles N o rth el c h u rc h ill Mr This is bn e n e rg y s a v in g a g m a a tilt tats at e x tra s 
O W N E R A R E N T 

 iWfcJBs HF IRA 
AJB** 
OPEN HOUSE 
SA! ANO SON 2BPM b v o w n e r 
C x s tp h o n o i » *< ** 
Se-head # »*#• v a tu * L e v e l* WOR 
Seat h u m * near M ad C onter I A I w ith s tu d * 
L a g a a l is r gar a n t u , vet sitar s e ts at N e e* A lt IM 
344) ( M A R L I I (M A N 
W 
M 
J i 

N E A R W IN D S O R M A L I 2 I T . 
1259 dow n, 1219 m o n th ly 
J JL I RE A L T Y 474 89*1 A n y tim e 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

I bea r o o m }■ , b ath , lu x u ry I t le r y T e w n h e u s e , I c u r tin , 
• s h e d g a r a g e 
5 *9 399 
SIH 9711, 494 t i l l , 244 4397 

W A I Z E M W IN D S O R P A R K 
B b C b v rlg r 's 2 s ts ry te w n h e u s e w ith b a lc o n y , 2 7 , 7 /* •% in te r est, A H I m e 
Law se ed y 
Can 
A n n a n * 
Van Bunn I Assoc 
*84 7171 
244 1989 
699 99*4 
WOOD A k l D G E ' n 7 w N ti OM I 5 
In t earn 
I ac atren 
Super 
A m e n itie s 
S I fcrserWUuer 
814*391 

; u t/M iR k i: in tu its 
Ti" LM IL.!.. /..II.' r n . . 
I ba4< aam . I b a r t c e n tia r heat and a rr e a c h sid e w ith a lt e ta it n c k itc h e n s 
In t* a t d e s a lt n e a r v e ne ers a n il s h e d d in g le n t e n 
. l i t , MB. 3*19756 

H u rt to g | a u l l t o m f ft* lf EE WI 
P a r rte * c n aa ftien . i sia cv. ca r aer le t . m u s t see re s id e 
I v a l 
14* 89*2, D a v id P a l l l r e a l t o r * 
M ? 9 '*3 

 o r p u le d 
2 f o r fin is h e d g a ra g e 
O n ly 34 1,7oo 
* M U S T S E L I 'I 
*78 8341. eves t i s COO/ 

Carom s t fa o c B ttt 

E6RGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
H o d a w n p a y m e n t la a n y o n e 
J 4 bedroom s 7 b o rts , som e w ith arr H end oh aep ho n cos F irs t p a y m e n t te n ted. 632 2837 

 p in g , 35999 b e lo w m a r* e t. 5359o| egu4*y, no q u a lity m g 434 3312 

 b y O w ner. L iv e Oak 4 2 2. see lo a pp re c ia te . m a n y e x tra s , 
I 6 S M I9 ) 
[B g O w n e r 
) ”l i i N E I V O 
R o n tB lq n d M ids A tt 8 433 3247 
Bg o w n e r N o rth e rn H ilt* I 7 I, I trying, fire p la ce , cavated patio 

CONVENIENT TO AIQ 
A 4 bedroom b u ilt in o ffic e } liv in g a re a s 
IN SCHERI/ 
W here can gou fin d a I b e d ro o m 2 b u r t hom e to r u n d e r 873.999 rn p e rfe c t c o n d itio n ? L e t us show 
99a 
414 3448, A N Y T IM E 
CALE REAL ESTATE 

 ro o m s , w a ln u t o a n tle d f a m ily ro o m 
J bed ro om s. 7 b o rts * 
319*9o 
R E A L T O R S 
*3 )71 4 1 

Guy Chipman Co 

F o r Sale 
) b e d ro o m 
I , b a rt. I h y in g o re o, new c a rp e t, te m c d rn b d c k v o r d , p a t io 
242 429 6. 
*98 9 f J* ask tor N ic k 

 in A p ril 
ROB O eP A O LO 
344 >991 
R I A L TOR 
B e a u tifu l c u s to m b u ilt h om e on a p p ro x l ' i p e re tre e co ver od lot 
4 2 ' 1-2. den w ith fire p la c e , la rg e a triu m rn co n te r at hem e c a rp e t o n d A e d in e t u g t h r o o e n e u t 
H o rs e s a llo w e d 
B e d a c o d la 
SM VO* er m a ke a tta r 494 7 5It 
I B E D R O O M C a rp a l, stave , re h te e to ta l 
L ik e new 51 SUA daw n a nd take aa p a y m e n ts 
Al 77 
454 1749 

) B E D R O O M S AT *14.SBB 
Can a ssum e taw V A M ea 
7)4 17*6 
81*9445 
4)2-44** 
W ATSO N * AON RE A L IQ R 3 
BE THE F IE S T 
I t p re m ew th is m a n p v s e re r 
I b»ar pgm s , sh ad y , (o v e re d p a tio w a lk ie att schools g p a ie is e d e t 
IJS *99 N ile s SSI t u t 
C e n tu ry 21 

 h a p B t AER *614111 A n y tim e 

B T 
O W N E R , t i t - L t u r n e r 
I state OO #notary MSO e ed re arns c u s to m a>apes e iu y h a a M a e r m t H ears e v e r I * * v sa M Na 

EV O W N E R 
A l l O w n e rs toke p r id e 
C o n v e n ie n t Ie F t 
S a m , 
R A F B P m ts 111) 6*1 4*79 

 a s i ! U * L * • 4 * ! (HAI a i OWNV R 
( . s ia m b u n t t | j t ig a i lu x o r * tu a ta r a s e x tr a s 
* * f I b f t t v 9A M E ''I d . . 

BY OWNERS 
NOR T N E AAT 

A A N P E D B O H U L S B e a u tifu l cantem pererg 2 2 i w ith extra s g o itre ' G om e l nom hug e h e m e area tor m oi drama orsd rock tire p la c e t 
O P E N 
H O U S E I ) * * 
S H A D O W 
C H E E - 
S i/ SSS 
494 2*o6. 1*1919) 

PO X B U N Cut ae la c tat tar this 
4 2 1 a ith I 8*9 sad at ta x e rs ! ta ' ga t i tensile re a m w ith lira p la c f 
4 IA I 
H A R P E R A 
FORD SD 5*9 
Aaa' 
XAtg 141 93*1 

I A S 'LA H ILLS Spacious * I H P airth ta* m a l b em a, Whine- to m its raar n . hr a place 69 O ak tre e s Ilk 
P E I N ! t i s I M 
A p p ra is a l 
, )94 1995, M I FISI 
M N H H P 

M I f i l l ™ 
* 
(NI U H i l l MNI WH 
Huts i i i ii* * # 

T i d i n g 

Op# n Monday thru Friday I A.M. ta S:3o PM. 
DEADLINES: 

M o n d a y th r u T h u rs d a y 

5 O O E M t o r F o llo w in g D a y 

F r id a y 1 . 3 o to r S o tu r d o y 

F rid a y S P M to r S u n d a y 

F rid a y 5 3 o P M 
F o r M o n d a y 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

C a n c e lla tio n s o n d C 

M o n d o 

Page I 2 -D 
S an A n to nio 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

PRE-OWNED 
HOMES 
BiAUTlHJl MGINNING! 

Tastefully decorated, mint con­ dition 
Fully carpeted, range, dishwasher, disposal, central heat air, polk to elem school 
Good equity, buy with low mo payments. Pricea $23,9oo Nites 
826-7668 

UVI OAK BT ATIS 

 wttu I uvinu AKtto pius I am­ ma areas for under $3o,OOO??? 
Refrigerator stays in this charm inn and immaculate home with split bedroom arrangement 
Nites 826-7668 

OCTAVIA 
NOT YOU* A VIRAG £ HORII 

ROOM TO GROW - in this 182S sq ft., 4-2 2, 
DtGORATOR 
SHOWPLACf 
HOME 
Decant custom drapes, extras galore, furniture can be purchased separately. Immediate move in 
- UNDER $45,ooo Nites 658 

1428 
RANDOLPH ARIA 
UNDER $3o,ooo 

CHARMING 3-2 2 in established area surrounded by trees — much tender loving core — walk to elementary school 
Assume 
6% VA loon, $155.55 mo Nites 
6581428 

ALAMO HOTS SCHOOLS 

BARGAIN 2 bedroom, I both, carport, carpeted thru out, new double oven range, new roof. 
Niles 822 9438 

LONIIY— N I IDS NUW OWNIR 

Move in now like new this 3 2- 
2 with separate dining and J liv­ ing areas 
Owner transferred. 
Niles 824-9818 

VAUIY IONGI 

$25oo equity. Immediate oc­ cupancy, 6 month new 3-2-2, lots of corpet 
$274 monthly payments. Niles 655-4863. 

WTT Bt THAN MIW 

SPARKLING! 3 bedroom, beouty with large country kitchen, ap f iances, carpet, covered patio, inished garage and privacy fen­ ce 
Priced to sell at $23,9oo 
Niles 826 7668 

IT WON T BI LONG UNTIL! 

I have a new owner Have been handled with care. 
I rn a 
Morton Southwest Dakota pion with a dual purpose room, large family room, fireplace 
Mites 
824 9818 

CAMHOT ll 

FIRST O ff IR ING 
SPARKLING (LIAN'" Gala.ie Door 

C lon, 3-2-2. luxury sued master edroom, huge living and dining area, fireplace in family room, kirge corner lot Pnvocy fenced low equity $41,5oo Immediate move in. Mites 658 1428 

AA LA DO WWOOO NORTH 

The owner of this lovely 3 2 2 has moved You con ossume his 
IHA loan or go new 
Nice carpeting, in large single livng oreo, ond in master bedroom, wood burning fireplace; large walk in closet 
Marble vanity tops, Rotary AC, privacy fencing, landscaped yard, and loige oak trees. Will consider second lien. 
Niles 656 8218 

VALIMOA 

Nearly 21oo sq ft beautifully landscaped Colonial 4 bedrooms on cut de soc, neat pool, club, tennis ond II Dorado elementary in better than new condition 
Nites 82? 9438 

UVT OAK BT ATB 

Owner transferred and eager for offers on low equity, 15oo sq ft 
3 bedroom with fireplace Nites 
826 7668 

UAM WITH OPTION TO BUY 

3 bedroom, 2 both, Townhouse, close to Windsor Park Moll Rent 
$225 per mo or buy for $23,ooo 
Nites 655 4863 
A DOUHOU5E 
UNDER $27,ooo 
3-2-1, on lovely street, woll to woll carpeting, extra clean found living ond dining room combo phis nice family room 
Gas range dishwasher, gorboge disposal, double sink, ond breakfast nook 
Central heat on, very large covered patio with beautifully londscaoed pnvocy fenced yard Must see to appreciate Mites 494 2191 
DAY OR NITE 

6S5-4A4I 
11 RCMT I I M I 
| s o u t h m * s l 

 r f u l f i l 

218 HOUSB-WffHEAST 

D A 

H I : 

X P R E S S -N E W S — Sundc y F ebruary 6 1 9 7 7 21o HOUSES MORTHEAST r 212 HOMES OTBTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 
71? HOMtS H9KTTIWEST 
' ?1? MMEMMTHWEST 
_ ~ l l 2 HOMES MORTHWESf 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
TO SEU 
TERRILL HILLS 
Delightful . . . 3-2 home - pretty dark stomed floors in living dining oreos. Bright Saltillo tile floored study, large kitchen, 828-1962, 
826 5893 
OAK FOREST 
Beautiful treed 
-lot with iceenhouse 
Unusual split level ontemporory 23oo sq. ft. of living space Entry, living room, den with fireplace - built in kitchen. 4-3. 
732 1291,826-3738 
OLMOS PARK 
Demand location - quality con­ struction. lovely interior detail • entry, living room, dining room, spacious family room 824-5279, 
733 8946 
ALAMO HGTS. 
DO-OVER 
Charming old 2 story home to be completely remodeled 
Greot location 
Excellent value 
826 
3349, 826 56oo 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
Realtor 826-8673 Anytime 

BIG HOME!! 
33oo SQ. FT. 

IN BIG IMPOUNDING 
* 5 Addr OO tm OR 4 wrth Hugo nttt of room, connoted lo meeter, I •■fta tory* sofwroto boxroom wri Hf p rte ole both 
* Cot nor lo! tip Ivory boitt-in oppiMMta* Iff* 
•finable 
* 
MofntHcottf 
Firtfrtoro 
You can not ImaftiM tho beau ty of Hm bomi ., (mw tm or coll 
659-1261 

The big heme-only 

$87,ooo 
VA er Conventional 

N o r t h c l 'f f o 

Country Club litotes 
Gclf-Tennis-Swim 

G reat Location 
'Nice sire rooms. 3 Bedrooms, I 
-bath w ith fo m ily room 
N ear 
North Star Moll and North Ex brossway. 
S3),SOO 
341 2222 
Anytime. 
Century 21 
RAY TEAL REALTORS 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

S A M O f D O O H IL L S 
NIAT-AS-A-PtN. 
3-22. 
Popular fomily area! Formal dining room. ONI LIVING AREA, fireplace with raised hearth 
Serving bar from oversired kit­ chen SPECIAL! $46,ooo 
O ff Pf WUN BOTH - nice 3 
2-2 with drapes, intercom, 
23x16 living area, courtyard entry 
ALL 
THIS 
FOR 
OMIT 
$3o,5oo8 
SPACIOUS TRADITION Al 
- lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, separate living ond dining rooms, large paneled deniwitn fireplace Buirt in china, lots of storage! In THOUSAND OAKS, close to tennis dub $59,5oo 
6 9 o . 9 8 o 2 

GREAT 
AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 

21o • HOUSES NQRTHtAST 

^2-STORY HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 
In beautiful Northern Hills, new 2 story with unique design, 
4 bedrooms, IV* beths up ond 'A both down. Choose your carpet Ex­ cellent view. 
ROYAL ridg e 

English Tudor, new 2 story with charm, 4 bedrooms, I VS baths up. 
VS bath down Pick your intenor col­ ors. 
DAY OR NITE 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 i n o r t c m s o u t h w e s t 

 r e a l t y 

W H M M R M V M M B M n n H i 

 r 

“ALAMO HGTS. 
SCHOOLS” 
We oHer this 4 bedroom home, ap prox. 23oo sq. ft., living room 18 ft with fireplace, separate 147x14, walk to schools 

“TERRELL HILLS” 
Price reduced on this 4 bedroom, 
2 bath home, lorge living room, rewrote dining, newly painted in side ond out Alamo Hgts Schools 

“IT S A DILLY DON’T 
DALLY” 
Dr Terrell Hills we offer this 3-2, lorge family room, 
3 carport, 
2ox12 storage room, the price is right. Coll anytime 
822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTY 

■ m « THAN NEW less thon I year old Low equi ty and assume VA loan with payments of $223 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, ond lots of nice extras. 

I 

BOB 
MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

OLMOS PARK 

S P E C IA L L O W 
IN T E R E S T R A T E 
(Private) on this 2 story old world charmer in o pork like set­ ting. 
Prestigious location 
4 bedrooms, and 3 full baths up large separate dining room, high arched ceilings. Central air heat 69o 922o, rates 492 1351. 
BILLY FELLOWS 

GREENBRIAR 
This fully carpeted 3 bedroom doll house will not lost until the wee­ kend Priced of $71,ooo It you are brave, wait until then to call' 
34? 3535 or 349 5111, anytime 
Beanie Owens 
Realtor Loeknill Selmo 

CAMELOT 
Lovely Coronado Pion, 3 2 2, lux ury sue master bedroom, garden kitchen, built in bookshelves, 
Jorge privacy yard $37,9oo Coll 

A FAMILY DELIGHT 
4 bedrooms, J baths, pretty os o picture on a comer lot. Mite cover­ ed polio, NE 
Schools, $24,25o 
Nothing down VA or EHA Vet $25o closing cosh Caf! 828 57o4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 
BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

G R E E N 
S P R IN G S 
V A L L E Y 
S H O W H O M E 

See the horizon in 3 directions tram the huge living and dm ma room Fireplace soars to 
24 
FT c e ilin g 
M a s te r bedroom and bath open on enclosed garden atriu m 
2 o lher bedroom s and both separate from master 
TV or gome room oft kitchen 
2 
Redwod decks, pool and lighted tennis court Trans terred to Oallas, forced to s a c rific e 
$71 JOO 
3677 
CRL EN 
SPRINGS 
ORIVE 
494 612$ 

NORTHWOOD ESTATES! First 
Offering.' A rare find in an all brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath, living room with firep lace, separate form al dining 
B eautiful pool 
Mony oaks. 
Coll 
824 o121 
ANYTIM E. 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
REALTORS $o Years of TRUST o ff n a c o 6 o o c h e s $i ,4so 
DOWN 
On this stunning 3-2-2, 7S°o brick, beam ed liv in g , sep d in in g , country kitchen, large covered porch 
D ecorated b ea u tifu lly. 
Under $32,ooo 654 o97$ 
878 4545PRI AROS REALTY?? hr- 

OLMOS PARK 
Older Home Charm" in compte telv rem odeled 2 story, 4 be droom, 3 'j bath home, fireplace in living room. Larqe formal din­ ing room . F u ll of e x tra s and modern features. 824-4571 
Nelson Copy, REALTORS 
ONLY $35o CASH (or closing is all you need to buy a 1 ', bain home in walking distance of NE elemen­ tary. Carpet, dishwasher, built in range, and c e n tra l a ir , too 
Payments less thon $25o 8 '/° . 
APR, 36o payments, total price 
$24,77$. Call today. 822 58o8 
ED G ILBERT REALTORS 

NEW ALL BRICK 
4 BEDROOM 

Northwest just inside 41o This 4 

 bedroom, 2 full both home, bos a 2 cor room finished garage, 

 b r moi living room, lorge coun­ 

 try kitchen with deluxe built-in 

Mogic Chef opplionces. Paneled family room with sliding gloss 

 door, to patio, wall to woll 

 corpet and vinyl wall covering of 

 your choice. 
Other quality 

 features include frond laid 

 ceramic tile in baths, and 

 furniture finish cabinetry 

 thruout. No closing cost means 

VA con move in for $1. or move 

 in cost of $165o with Con­ 

 ventional financing on iotol 

 price of $32,95o. 6118 UPWOOD 

 between 
Callaghan ond 
Oak 

Hills Roads Other models olso 

 available 
Open Saturday ond 

Sunday Call 659 142o 

GARDENRIDGE 
Custom 
Exult 
5 bedroom execu tive hom e on large w o o d e d lot. 
3 full baths, larg e gam eroom ond sew ­ ing room . O n e o f a kind. 
$ 1 o 8 ,o o o . 
REALTORS 
691-13oo 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

ELAINE LUDWIG I ASSOC. 

H AND SO M E, spacious 2 story nome bas living, dining and farm- 
| IV rooms! 4 bedrooms. 2b baths 
Built in kitchen, fenced patio' 
543,9oo 
REALTORS 
653 7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

$-7-2 HOME, curved drive, large 
! caipeted living area, mony trees 
I Assume $182 mo or refinance 
I 529,9oo 
I ROSSI REALTY 
694 77BI 
HUGE DEN with fireplace, tor- j mal living, raised dining urea 
: $31,9oo Niles 453 o982 
Century 21 
TRICO, Realtors 349 6491 
IMPECCABLE ' 

DUPLEX 

N e o r I t 
S am , 
I bedroom ond both eoch side, living room , breakfast a rea and kitchen 
$ 2 2 ,5 o o 
N ites 
6 5 6 7 5 8 o 
PARK VILLAGE 

In N L . 
School 
District. A bedroom , 2 bath, built ins, in fam ily room 
CRV 
And 
IH A appraisal of $ 2 3 ,5 o o . 
O w n e r consider second 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

6 5 6 - 5 5 2 o 
6 9 1 - 1 1 2 1 
3 4 1 - 9 1 9 1 

This tasteful home, built of brick with a cedar shake root ond a trem endous patio under the eaves, has formal living and dm mg loams family room with a 
(•re p la c e , gam e roonY and 4 spacious bedrooms (I with an od lacers! study ond private entry) 
Elegance and comfort 
Alamo 
Heights schools O FFER ED AT 
195.ooo 
REALTORS 
824 9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

I W OODSTON F ' ju s t Listed 4 months old. 3 bedrooms. 2 full baths, fireplace, self cleaning oven wall lo-wall carpet, dreamy first home winch includes new wosher dryer, refrigerator with ire maker! 
$3$,SOO 
826-o121 
ANYTIME 
ROSOW A KUNE 
REALTORS SO Years of TRUST 
I JUST L IS T E D ' Best tow nhouse buy In San Antonio Spacious 
J.bedroom , 2 both one-story townhouse with tireptoce. lorge awning covered patio double gorog* 
Delightfully decorated tOeol floor plan uke new condition rn lovely San Pedro Hills 496 /651 
ANYTIME 

MOVE IN­ 
NOTHING DOWN lee High1 3 bedroom, ? bath, fireplace, 
2 cor parage, separate living ond dining, central hoot ow, 
2o 
X 
4o covered patio, fenced, trees, city bus 2 blks See and moke ofter 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 3 4 9 -6 3 1 1 

LUXURY ) 3 3 on CORNER 
No down anyone only S4Oo move in cost! Spanish courtyard with sunken living room, family room applianced kitchen, finished dble garage only $342 monthly' 
344-5564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
M C CARTHUR A R E A 
Low equity. $5ooo 3-11 brick and asbestos. $154 SO mo payments at 
/ ' i *• interest 
Make otter' Coli 
Irmo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171 
499 oo66 
344 1o89 

MARYMONT 
NEW LISTING 
Custom built and charm tilled 
4 J 2 home on beautiful oak treed lot Many luxury appointments, I including heated pool. 824-4571 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vacant • 4 bedroom - I living area fireplace • almost new • corner lot - fenced 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Easy assumption - low equity - 8*» 
I loan 
69o-93oo 
342 4216 
CLINT WEILBACHER 

’ MONTE VISTA 
Near Trinity University t story rock with form al Hying ond dining room, fam ily room with wetbar, 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, greot modern kitchen, detached office Coil tor additional rotor- motion 733-974?, 828-5671 
S tra u d e r N elson R e a lty 

MORE THAN YOU’D EXPECT 
4 bedrooms, I baths, 2 cor garage home rn nearly new condition All the extras you'd need to be in trigueo An otter of almost unb­ elievable value Call today' 
666-3ooo A nytim e 

ONLY THSNG WRONG 
WITH THIS HOUSE 
It isn 't yours y e ti B e a u tifu l corner lot qraccd with 3 bedroom, 
2 both, 2 cor g a ra g e hom e 
Located lust OH Perrin Bettie Rd and priced at only $26,5oo. Open terms. 
656-3ooo A nytim e 
Beanie Owens 
R E A LT O R S P e rrin B edel OK 

OPEN TERMS 
On this 3-2. fully carpeted, all electric kitchen, fenced yard 
Many nice trees Priced lo sell a1 
$27,5oo Call for appt 
GENE WILSON 
656-3441 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY GROUP 
OUTDOOR PEOPLE will love the heated pool, covered patio . green house ond dog kennel on the landscaped grounds of this lovely brick home 4 very large bedrooms, 3 baths . formal living room and a richly paneled family room with a 2-story ceiling and fireplace' Huge kitchen! 
$73,5oo 
REALTORS 
453 7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

OUT WALZEM Clean 4 2 1 air, carpet, fence, no down on von i- 
$1oo movem, 1st pm! in April 
344 5 544 Hor! McCormick 344-2943 

BEAUTIFUL I 
OF A KIND HOME 
BUY OF A LIFETIME 
O n extra large w ooded lot. 
Features: 
4 bed­ rooms, 2 baths, bea utiful circular fireplace, form al living ond dining area, all brick construction w ith detached garage. 
M ust see to believe. 
Coll today. 
OAK CREEK 
6 8 4 - 3 T I S 

 living, 
2 

S H E N A N D O A H 
MIW USTMG4 4-2-2, sogorot* 
26x15 den with 
Large patio ond privacy fenced yard 
CORNER IOT - ond a welt kept 4 bedroom, 2 bath home on it! 
Formal living room, fireplace, 
HAMED 
FAMILY 
ROOM, covered patio Marshal) 
Hi. $45,5oo. 
BRAND 
NIW1 
Outstanding new homes in FORIS! OAKS 
ESTATES. 
Traditional or modern, 3 4 or 5 bedrooms, lorge living areas. There s one here for you! From $45,5oo. 

6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 

UNIVERSITY HILLS 
16o4 FROM UTSA 

2 NEW Hom«s, open 
Sal. and Sun., 
1o-5 PW 
79o3 SHADY HOLLOW 
- $54,75o 
1541o BID ROBIN- 
$55,75o 

DOUGLAS LEWIS 
QUALITY BURT HOMES 
342-7324 

GREAT 
AMEBIC? 
R E A L T O R S 

$1 MOVE IN VA 
5 % DOWN COHVWnONAl 
NO RAYMOIT I U A m 77 
3 ond 4 bedroom pions $34,95o to $43,95o AK homes feature energy saving package, central heat air, corpet ond hondcraf ted woodbuming fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef oil electric kitchen, ond 2 cor garages. 

6 FURNISHED MOORS 
Of IN DARY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

S P E C I A L B U Y 
• 
O N L Y I LEFT! 
VS were* antra large weeded 1*9 
3 bedroom, 2 both homo In proattgtow* 
Oak 
Crook. featuring woodbuming fire­ place, oft electric kitchen, waM-to-woll carpeting, electric garage door opener and ell brick con* true Hon. 

O n ly $ 4 8 , 5 o o 
C a ll t o d a y 
OAK CREEK 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 

TRADITIONAL 
G reat (am ity home, with 4 be I drooms, 2 baths, separate formal, I living and dining, fam ily room with fireplace Large m atter be­ droom with dressing area down | stoirs. You'll eniov this convert i lent location 
658-3535 A nytim e 
Beanie Bwens 
REALTORS RANDOLPH OFF 

I I 
HEATED P O O T I 
J ! * 
3 bedrooms, 2 bofhs, central 
T 

I 

Beanie Bwens s « is un im p orta n t 
U U U I I I U 
U V V U U U 
You ll love this 3 bed ro om 2 a 
REALTORS Perrin Belt*! Ort 
MOVE t 6 m 6 * r o w 
Lew, raw equity buy in NE. 3 be drooms, with central heat and air, attar dobra payment Reduced to 
SCU Niles 653 7487 

VA Assumption, low eauity, 4 2-2, covered patio , pool, g ard e n 
$45,ooo, also other 2-3 and 4 be­ droom VA homes. Klllingsworth 
Real Estate 653 o61$ 
V A C A N T - M O V E IN C O N D I 
TION. Less than 2 years old in 
Valley Forge. Single living area with fireplace ond format dining 
E xtra large cul-de-sac lot with loads of privacy. Assume tor less than $6,ooo 342-3211 AN YTIM E 
RBSBW & KLINE 
REALTQRS-5o Years Of TRUST 
VALENCIA i For Sole by owner, 3-2-2. corpet- 
| ed, fireplace, cathedral ceilings, 
I privacy fence, Close to club house j and pool Mony extros. 653-I2S8. 

Wanted! San Pedro Hills 
| L arg e 4 bed ro om , 2 bath im - 
I maculate home, eniov the view, 
I you get a utility room. privacy fence, a bonus room 9x12, and many plus features Wall to wall 
) corpet, fireplace 
Extra nice at 
I $6o,75o 
349 4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Bwens 

WANTED: 
ONE LOVELY W IFE j to enioy the spacious kitchen in 
[this scrum ptious home! 24x19 single living area with fireplace, separate dining room, split be droom arrangement, low equity r 
Beryl Weigond 344-2341, 342 6456 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

WE GIVE SERVICE 
You get results, by listing your home with us We need homes to sell Being 
ON TOP ' keeps us 
(air bv working Coll now. 
824 2391 (Anytime) 
Beanie Bwens 
REALTORS, 114? AUSTIN HWY 
WINDSOR PARK MALL AREA 
Join this booming area of North east San Antonio, we've lust listed a beautiful 3-1*2 tho! bos a mas­ sive rock fireplace Formal ond informal living areas. Central oir and heat and a kitchen full of tup line apDiiances Will finance VA or FHA 
REALTOR 654 7717 
Century 21 
James Glascock A Assoc 
W O O D L A K E ,1' ny O w ner 
<< brick, 3 2 1, cathedral ceilings, living room and rainily loom, I486 va H low eauity, 
$354 month 
1461 2689 

814 W W O ODLAW N 
INVESTORS. HOME B U YERS. 
________ , ______________ 
See this 3 2 heme (or O uplex) dining room, fam ily room with ‘ airs fireplace, on bus line, near 

 heat and oir, family room, and heated pool. In lee School 
District for only $37,ooo (all today. This one won t Inst} 
' 

BOB 
MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

A PEOPLE PAMPERER 

CHILDREN GROW- 
HOMES DON’T 

4 large bedrooms and 2 baths, 

 central heot and air, new 

 carpeting, appliances and custom drapes, .en a large lot 

 close to Medical (enter, UTSA, 
USM A real buy at $32,8oo. 

BOB MCGINNIS i 
REALTORS 
^ 3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

BY OWNER 
Oak Meadow, beoutitul, large, 2 story 4-2-2, 2 vee r old home. 
C orner lot, extras g alo re, im ­ maculate, I loon, no acceler­ ation. Only $63,9oo 492-2924 

 garage, tnruout 

ELEGANCE located on I VS acres in Shavano fork. 
This beautiful 
2-story 
3 bedroom, 3 bath, 3 cc featuring 
Saltillo hie downstairs, paneled study, wet bar by fireplace, most major appliances in kitchen, central vacuum system, huge master bedroom with bokony, heated swimming pool, automatic sprinkler system and many other features tao numerous to mention. 
Perfect home for the successful ex­ ecutive who likes to entertain (all for appt 
CLAYBURN! AGENCY 
736-46$6 
Mites 492-1517 

I ' 

HAPPY DAYS! 

Rock ond Roll out of the 5o s into the 7o s with this immaculate 3 bedroom, 2 both, single garage home large master bedroom; ap- phomes, including icemaker, for 
$29,7oo. Owner’s anxious, bought another. 
BOB 
MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

I 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

NEW IN FOREST GLEN 1 

A 3 bedroom, I Vt bath home wrth a 

 large living room ond HUGE family 

 room. Beginning with th# entry- 

 holl, you ll love the fleer pion! Tric­ 

 ed to sell with a low equity, the 

 owner will consider VA of IHA. 

$31,9oo. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

% 
691-1121, 341-9191,656-552o 

Bv Owner, Oak Mills Terrace, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, living room, dining room, family room with fireplace, covered pa- tip $41,9oo 681 3728_____________ 
By Owner. O utstanding house needs family. Laurel Hills, near 
USAA, Med 
C lr. 5 2 2, living room , fa m ily room , w ith fir e ­ place, carpeted screened porch, kitchen d in e tte , b rig h t and spacious, many extras $68,ooo. 
By appointment. 349 6o75 

RY OWNER 

PA R K FO R E S T 

 convenient to Med Center, 
USAA, UTSA, 4 2 2, living- dining, den with firep lace, lurge breakfast nook, 18 mo. old, e x c e lle n t con dition. 
$62,5oo, 492-282o 

In choice location. Castle Hills 
Terrace, walk to all 3 schools. IO years old, custom built, 3 large bedrooms, huge den with fire ­ place, plus 23x13 ft billiard room. 
Appraised at $67,ooo 344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS MLS_______ 
Clean 2 bedroom, carpeted, beter than a condominium, size-wise, hut just os nice to live in and much i cheaper 
Only $16,5oo. 824-7587, 
223-9755. 
REGNIER RE ALTY, INC 

STILL LOOKING? 
• N « w 
Brick 
N o m * * o n 
A c r­ e a g e 
• B r e a t h ta k in g V ie w s 
• W o o d e d S ite s For P R IV A C Y e 4 C h o k e N o rth C o m m u n itie s 
(In c lu d in g N o w B ra u n fe ls) e L a w T a x o s A to k e e a s y P u r ­ c h a se Te rm s e 1 7 o o S a 
Et. L iv in g - I C u r 
O a r a g e W 7 ,5 o o 
• 2 6 o o Sa. Ft 
L iv in g - 7 C o r 
G a r o g e i 4 9 , 7 5 o . 
S e a rc h The H o m e M a r k e t O v e r 
T H IN C oll U S I £ 
• r 
Swinney Co. 
4 9 2 - 1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

A whirlpool tub in your own bock yard? No Joke! Pam per your family with a plus 239? sa. It. 4 bedroom , V t bath home plus qame room in Castle Hills. 
Call 349 1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS 

REALTOR 
341 1867 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 
SAN PEDRO H IL l L, 2-story with greot tloorplan, 4-2' i-2, mony custom features. $62,9oo Call 
INTERSTATE o2o o75$ tilIO pm 
,','s Pfc DPO HILLS No Down 
Anyone! Only $65o closing tor spacious 4-2-2 carpet, living dining combo, plus dinette area in electric kitchen, air, den ond more, only $446 month1 
366 5 564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 

SCREENED PORCH 
An added featu re to this 3 be droom, 2 both is a lovely enclosed screened patio with indoor out door carpet Lovely dockyard view Present payments $254 Coll tor appointment 
658 3535 A nytim e 
Beanie Bwens 
REALTORS RANDOLPH OFF 

B A R G A IN P R IC E D 
• HOME AND GUEST HOUSE 

• 
Fam ily compound Double at 
I fraction 
Lovely I story brick, i 3-2-2, den (F P ) Built-in kitchen 
PLUS m atched $ room brick home enhanced by walled patios 
On ’ t an a c re . M any e x tra s . 
$79,5oo 826 2347 Realtors. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

BEAMED CATHEDRAL Ceilings 
: 3-2-2. carpel, builtin*, cul de sac 
$25,ooo Call 
INTERSTATE 828 o75$ til 8 pm 
B E A U T IF U L 
LA R G E tre ed corner, Woodlawn H ills, older custom rock 3-2-2 den. many in 
(cresting extra features, use your own talents in redecorating 
824-45o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

4 5 BEDROOM HOMES 
Hollywood Park-Elam Creek 
Gene 
Flaig 
Custom 
Builders 
733-o261 

6 4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
$79,6oo TO S115,ooo! m INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
? models open daily, spacious. 
I gracious living, orgimoi designs, will trode Out Vonce Jackson. I mile from 41o 

BY OWNER 
3 2 2, plus den, IO mm. to Lackland, walk to NISO 
Schools and shopping. Outstand­ ing list of extras. Must see. Mid 
3o s, 673 389o after 5. A N YTIM E weekends 

C M FURR CO 
Specializing Northside homes • 
____________ 733 7141____________ 
CONTEMPORARY 
[In po p u lar H o llyw o o d P a rk . 
Beamed ceilings, den, fireplace, separate dining, 3-2-2, country livinq yet only S minutes from 
Loop 41o. 82? 1223, 655 933o 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
824 7334, Anytime 

By OWNER: ROLLING RIDG E. 
4-2-2, family room with fireplace, living-dining combination, must see to appreciate. 684-112? FOR 
APPO INTM ENT. 
BY OWNER 
3-2-2. separate liv­ ing and dining room, den with fireplace, kitchen with breakfast area, utility room, pool, priced to j sell quickly. D aytim e 828-6361 
E X T 22, or Evenings and wee- i 
Vends 684-3223 
I 

BY OWNERS 
NORTHWEST 

TWIN CREEK BARGAIN Owner 
Anxious! Lovely 4-2-2, iiving-din- j mg combo, fam ily room , (ire j place, custom drapes and many am enities you must see to ap- ! predate at 6931 B R O O KFIELD 
681 oo22. 342-9393 

HOLLYWOOD PARK $77,5oo Ap proisol-Proves itself on this 4-2-2 with one lorge sunken living area. i dining, wet-bar on oak studded lot' 
2o? 
ROBLEDO 
VEROE 342-9393 

BA LC O N ES 
H E IG H T S - 
Im *! maculate 3-2-1 on 1oox15o lot with ■ 
4 pecan trees and storage galore! 
Living dining combo ond sunny fa m ily ro o m ! 
23o 
SHADYVIEW $34,95o. 
732 3339 
342-9393. 

JE FFER SO N AREA Charming 
3-2-2 with torm al living dining, 
(•replace, 154o salt and in excel lent c o n d itio n 1 Open T e rm s 
$27,7oo 
733-8974, 
822 1924, 
342 9393 
San Antonio Homeowners 
ASSOCIATION-BROKE RS 

____________3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 ____________ j Bv Owner, spacious 3-2-2, 7 blks I 
N of North Star Mall, living, large i 
I den, formal dining, 
$47,5oo. 
342-4428 

COZY COTTAGE in Ideal Loca­ tion. Many trees. Close to Schools and Shopping 
3 B edroom s, 2 baths, country kitchen Large bay window in family room. 342-3211 
A N YTIM E. 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS $o Years ofTRU ST 

CRAZY SHIRLEY 
MISSING 
When she'd first walked into our office ond wanted to buy a 3-2-2 home, fam ily room with a fire ­ place, garden kitchen, g a m e r­ oom, large master bedroom with a beamed ceiling, shade trees, lik e new and in a N o rth w e s t neighborhood with high resale valu e, we co lle d her c ra z y , especially when she wanted it all tor under $4o,ooo W ell, C razy 
Shirley isn't so crazy, because we found a home with all that and ifs only $37,9oo. Sure wish we could find Shirley 

FOREST OAKS AREA 
Rock home with large beamed family room and o rock fireplace 
Interior brick work and a utility room Only $37,5oo or assume low equity. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Realty 
684 72oo 
FOREST OAKS 
Just listed, beautiful stone home, large fireplace In living area, for­ mal dining, many oak trees in trout and back, different plan 
Must see! Mid 4o's. 
NEAR M EDICA L CENTER 
4 2-2, 21x15 paneled family room, large covered patio, high location 
In Glen Oaks. Iooa° brick, priced at FHA appraisal $46,5oo. 
Century 21 
W HITEHEAD-HOCLIDAY 
681 o3oo 
REALTORS 
FOREST OAKS 
AM brick 4 bedroom Great floor blan with split bedroom orron- 
C lement and J living areas. Cen rat and electric everything! 
$41,9oo 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
ELAINE LUDW IG A ASSOC 
FRESH AS A DAISY! 
With lorge, cheerful, sun shiny kitchen. 3 bedroom s. 2 p retty baths, draped and carpeted LOW 
EQ UITY! $29,5oo 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
ELAINE LUDW IG A ASSOC 

JEFFERSO N 
Spacious 2 bedroom. 2 bath, and family room. Near Jet! Village. 
Central heat and air. Carpeting , double g arag e w ith efficiency apartment 
733-7141, 
344-1633. 
715-555o. 
C.M. FURR CO 
JO HN J H IG H SCHOOL 
3 be droom, I ' j bath, Nicer No credit needed. Only $22$ total down. 
922-17o6, 673-4714, 674-75o9. 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
JUST L IS T E D -C A S T L E HILLS! - 
Large fomilv home in Lee oreo 
* * 
Recently redecorated, new car- es pet. new appliances, light fix- .ag lures Separate living and dining ga room. Family roam with bar and fireplace S Bedrooms, 2’ j baths. 
, 
$75,ooo Call 342-3211 A N YTIM E 
" 
ROSOW i KUNI I 
REALTORS SO Years of TRUST 
JUST LISTED! Super one living area, 3 bedroom home in excel­ lent condition Decorator baths. abundant closets. Cheerful k it­ chen boasts large walk-in pantry. 
3 Blocks (rom N.S E lem entary 
School Only $34,9oo. Call 342-3211 
ANYTIM E 

Just WEST of LEON VA LLE Y immaculate 3 2-2 with big liv­ ing orea. applianced kitchen, larger mstr bedroom, air and no own to anyone, $28o month 
344 5564 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
2 large bedrooms, I ceramic tiled bath, plus living room , dining room, and study. Range, carpet­ ing. drapes remain. Brick bbq on large patio, only $17,5oo. Won't last. 732-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

• Large 4 Bedroom • 
369 Shannon Lee. 21oo sa. ft. 
B E A U T IF U L 
P L A N -O N L Y 
$39,9oo 
A N D 
W E L L 
T A L K 
TRADE 344-3471, 341 19o1 
BOB BR ENNER REALTORS 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Realty 
684 72oo 
24 FT. DEN 

DELIGHTFUL 
A spacious backyard and privacy ore only two of the greot features you will have in this 4 bedroom home in prestigious 
Northside area 
REALTOR 
Coll 349-4373 homeowners 
M A R KETIN G SERVICE 

Large beamed den, separate liv­ ing, electric kitchen, double gar­ age, fenced yard. Approx. 6 veers old Assume $2o2-mo. 
SANDISON REALTY 
699 92o1 

OELLVim 

GARDEN HOME 
An elegant "One of a Kind ' home in W H IS P E R IN G O AKS. 3 be­ drooms. 3 baths torm al dining, fire p la c e , wet b a r, and m ony other luxury features. $64,9oo. 
342-4177, nites 342-2947 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 

3 bedroom. P i bath home with 
Gracious TOW NHOUSE Living 
Large 3 bedroom. 2' j baths, fully patio, large storage area, close to I c5 rp2,e? Professionally decora! schools, bus and shopping and under $2o,ooo 
Vera Miller 344-2341, 344-8843 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 

 ed. End unit. G re a t northside location 
$44,4oo. 
Call 
824-o121 
ANYTIM E. 

 key group m 
JR, ffliei»eMn»n inlaK.iiewi. 
O C W CA BCCT 

MIKE 
KINDER 
696-833o 
BLOR. IHE 
BY OWNER 
SUMMIT 
COLONY 
NORTH 
BIG FAMILY? 

You ll love this J bedroom. } bath home whether you are mole or tem aler Features living room 

 dual fireplace, drapes and c a r­ peting, covered patio. $46,5oo 
Niles 65$ 7492 
Century 21 Century 21 

HAP WESER 45341o2 Anytime 
NACO PERR IN $18,45o 
Country scenery from (hts SPO! less 3-1-1, no down VA 454 o97$ 
826 451',PRIAKQ5 REALTY?? brr 
< ROSOW 6 KLINE m 
UL 61 VACkC aik 
I txiit 
V 
^ — * _ - — »_. .___* 

Exclusive Olmos Park 
Spacious fam ily heme, Content porary styling, fireplace, huge screened porch, lovely neighbor hood >27 ! 223. 455 4)3o 

REALTORS $8 Yegts et TRUST 
K lfelV Luxury i i 2 No bown' 
Anyone, only $35o movem COSI' 
• sr pail ut April Large lamilv foam. separate amma room air, appliances only $27$ a month' 
344 55*4 Halt McCormick 344 2993 

Dixie Rose, R ealtor lauril hcts brick 
824 7 314 Anytime 
1 bedroom separate dining, 

2 FIREPLACES PLUS 
4 large bedrooms, 3 luxury baths 
71 n family roam. bar. largo pool. custom carpets and drapes Cen 
(rat heat arr. 
824 4571. flites 
674 o744 
Turner Realty 

FIRST OFFERING 
OAK FOREST ESTATES 
Split level rock and cedar home, 
4 J, firep lace in fam ily room beoutitul car oar lot. many oaks plus greenhouse, 624 54o4 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
>26 8473 Anytime 

FIRST OFFERING 
MONTE VISTA 
Unique M editerranean stucco with columned entry Exquisite 
• m er mr d etail Beam ed living room with fireplace. 3 ar 4 be drooms. qts 624 5893 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
824 8473 Anytime 

J bedroom , separate dining, tire place double garage quarters A c l a s s ic 
341 445$ 
REALTORS 
6244714 
BARNEBEYAGENCY 

LEE HIGH REOUCEO 
Very nice 3-2 2 in Ridgeview. eyer 
13oo sa ll Covered agla, fenced, extras NITES 455 72T4 north loop inc. 
R E ALTO R S MLS 
>28 5636 
LEV THE c fill O REN walk lo elem entary, high school. Shoo ping and church tram our nowest listing rn MacArthur Terrace I bedrooms. J baths, separate Iiv mg and tannic room * 
L arg e utility room. covered curio E x­ cellent Buy' 494 7e$l ANYTIM E 

/* ) Antrim oH Antinion Rd 3 bedrooms, central heal, tented yard, double torpor!, util area, freshly decorated A vail, Now 
$19,5oo S2A8478 
Frances Attgeit O’Neill 
NEAR FT SAM, 75*. brick, F T T wIl*i appliances, fenced, parquet floor carpet, and a lovely park In the subdivision 434 2341 

RED CARPET 
NE Alf N t * M i l t ’ Clean 5 1-1. j family room, cont neal-air 
Santoi Co , Realtors 453 o46o 
NE by owner, 6 J I. living dining roam combination, den with tiro place, new carpeting throughout, custom w indow tre a tm e n ts , donated g a ra g e , ne agents 
U t .SOO 616-1o26 
NEED M i n t ROOM* 
Then you must see this. nice 4-2-t, oft Perrin Be.lei Rd. (amity room custom drapes, covered patio and alt tar $33,9o8 Open Terms 
NICE TO LOOK AT 
Comtprlapie and convenient ie live in Beautiful 3 2 2 with high vaulted ceilings Living area pius 
California style kitchen, leis af 
, e*t»as awa only $33,9oo 
Open 
I terms ■ 

M O N EYSAVERS REALTY 
634 242o ANYTIM E 

SINK YOUR TOES 
In the lush, high duality carpet in this sharp J bedroom 
2 bath family room, tormal dining, good landscaping and tats of paneling 
Make the horn* almost mamien anc# Ire# $32,7oo 481-3222. wiles. 
492 1113 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 

ROSOW 6 KLINE Century 21 
REALTORS $8 Years at TRUST u jT ITC S l n ThTI t----------- 
OII Pecan Valley, tormeiiy Arle sia Ne down payment ie Vets 
Small 2 bedroom home, campi* lely rem odeled $148 per mo 
341-8134, 494 3229 ABDO 
No qualifying 
LIVE OAK medial* possession, $35oo equity. 
$292 Aha I years eld 3-2-2. living i x t x h t b 
=— - - 
I - -— roam, den l$2$ sa « all kitchen rQ H M i l lift# it#f vie# tv 11 Ik it# : fl&glMMtc##, c#«fr#it bq- unnecessary delay let A l AMO ho privacy fence 4$6-6123 
TITLE 
CO handle 
Ihe 
Deal 
727 o731 
LOVELY IN LIVE OAK 

 vara S IM M 
ROSSI B 1K LTY 
49 

UARUtW RIUGf ■ 
First otter mg, i acre plus custom built J bedroom ? bath and hr* place with many extra lea tor es 
Far appl call Virginia Collier 
631 682! 651 6444 ill 4o2o 
GARDEN RIDGE REAL I V INC 

GARDIN RID!!! 
F irs t alte rin g beoutilui 4 bg aragm J' bara, ftreptqco. superb 
Kitchen. M »*9 pool with many extra features sitting en I acres. 
'a f appl can v irg in ia Collier 
O il d i ll , 341 4829 • r O II 4349 f t l f iiw ih H > R fR v 
: 

DUUS ANO SIOW 
(B v t ft this 74b9 sg ll lu x u ry l 
"R X I Glass atrium is the (enter et g ti eelier, beautifully appoint, a: iprg« b u tch e r K itchen, 6 g« dr gam s uetian s gam* I aam n-yge 
• nestor surly custom decorated spewed A truly Awag ie ■■ Lew ie s 

 with carpeting, covered po 
, he, ported i ondttMtn on large lei, tor only $3o,9oo Open term s 
Niles OSS 7497 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
MOMSYSAVERSREALTY 
45o 342o ANYTIM E 

LUXURIOUS PANELING lf vee ore a paneling nut end need g large new 4 a* dr burn ? , path cpu ledgy 624 *171 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

W H ITEH EAD HOLIDAY 
JBI FT It 
REALTORS 
N 
A d re a m 
2 bath w ith liv in g rgom den covered pail# and privacy fenced yard EHA VA or Cany. 342 1211 
A NYTIM E. 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS 58 Years af TRUST 
. t r e " s 7 B 8 8 r r a r b ' 6 « ) n a k 
TONE 14 B*drrn appliances 
17% is le t ERR A RE ALTY24 HRS 

N E W L I S T I N G ' 
EL DORADO I bedroom 2 path. located en auiei cut a# sac Walk ie poet playground ond eiemen rot v school Garage could be ex tie earnereem Priced ie sell el 
IJ7 9M 624-6171 
RED CARPET 

NO EQUITY 
Ultra Modem 3 2 2 * n corner New 
Werid Nu down, |4#4 m i n n 
BUB 
TH O M PS O M 
341 7443, t i * OMS IN T E R S T A T E 

LUXURY 3 BEDROOMS 
Ch u r c h il l h i corge den and fireplace, living 
T ad dining ream s p rin k le rs el 7291, nites le i gett Ask tar 
VIRG INIA M U N DO R FF 

NO (QUITT 

 lAM M M K, MW IW S 

 u tile Modern 3 7-1 en earner New 
M en a Ne down. tee# mevero 
BOB 
TH O M PS O N 
341 - 7 4 t), 
624 6755 I N f R S T A T t 

 dreams with att and epphancet 
On** ft|7$ cash id gel rn. H airy! 
Great Am arte a R early e»6 94*7 

OLO F A R M ll 
* i i, ( e h lr g l h*gt gee range dishwasher dis 
H i l l c a s tle d u a iie 
H efhine de an VA t i I, ltd Chai lac Null* l i p t stale 
D I n i l D I ilks 

SPACIOUS a nd fa m ily h y in g is a lto id a b ie in th is 4 2 2 c a rp e te d , a ll e le c tr ic k itc h e n , ta i ae fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , a uto m o he a or a a * door opener plus m a n y o th e r e x tra s 
G E N E W ILSO N 
454 1441 
R E A L T O R 
M LS 
KEY GROUP 

418 SUMNIR 
I I b e d ro om , I b a th , c e n tra l h ea t. a rr c o n d itio n e rs , fe n c e d v d fd , trees $16,5oo 71$ $611 
LE S E D G A R 736 6213 

TERRELL HILLS 
; A m u s t see p e r fe c t t o r la rg e 
•a m ity , 4 b e d ro o m , c e n tra l heat a ir pius fire p la c e 
L o rg e h eated peal. s p rin k le r s y s te m 824 6521, n ile * 474-4764 
Turner Realty 

TERRELL RIUS 
C o n v e n ie n t 14 F t 
S a m , n e a r sh o p p in g c e n te rs . 7 b e d ro o m . I b a th , n ic e h o m e in q u ie t n e ig h b e rim e d 
M id id 's 
W illia m O 
Tassos, 
R e a lto rs . 
824 /746. 
: >14-let? 

THE GODFATHER SAYS 
M o b * us an o ffe r we c a n t ca n t refuser O w ners a r t a n xio u s e sell th is ‘to e s m a ll to r th e m *, J be dro om , 2 b a th b e g in n e r o r r e t ir ­ e m e n t h e m e o n ly 4 y e a rs a ld 
122,64o is the a p p ra is a l 
Can 349 1434 A n y tim e 
I BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC R E A LT O R S 
T H ttu U N 'S 
^ m o t eld 
I story L f »-2 O w ner m o vin g Ona m ust sell $49,846 2614 Lew O ak. 
694 i$4k a tte r 4. 

THOUSAND OAKS SPICiM. 
OWNfR MUSI S ill 
A nd has dr upped the p ric e en his hom e SSM* Ie Wit s a c rific e le ve l 
Super C o n te m p o ra ry « b aa r ae m s 
I H e ir ceding rn liv in g ro e m w ith lo ft Country kitch e n , Ss).FOO 

•2 4-43 91 A n y tu n a 
Beanie Owens 

TRULY LARGE bear e t ms t i 
Uh. alt lh# Charm luxury end 
* big hum* tun #N«i 

 colleges, business district Priced in 76's. For appointment 824-45o7 

REQUA REALTY CO 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 
I NEED LISTINGS 
LIKE CRAZ Y 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
725-1346 
ANYTIM E 
>37 4451 

AAAA 
A big corner lot A bm split level home 
A young heme 
A good 
Brice 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, living, j dining, den, huge gam eroom I 
Now. tut! $71,966 E rie Nagel, 
494-53)6, 496-2712 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
A COUNT u , HOME on 5 3 acres with an damming 3 acres which may bo purchased as a whole or, the home and surrounding $ J 
I acres' Colonial brick n cedar with living, dining ond fam ily rooms playroom, solanum and 4 bedroom, 3 baths Much morel i 
$126,444. 
REALTORS 
494 4411 | 
I Guy Chipman Col 

5 Alf RCS 
In Alamo Farmstead with older small home ond 7 small buildings deep Edwards well. many pecan trees and fenced, se convenient to everything 
Only 
$54.egg 
Conventional 
Century 21 
W HITEHEA D HOLIDAY 
341711$ 
REALTORS 
A L T T iT T T T T i n o i m l* ream with ttreplace 
Near 
UftAA 
347 3414 
Santee Cd , Realtors 453 6444 u r x f e - i t K A im , fam ily room with fireplace 
Near 
USAA. 
342 3414 
Santee Co Readers 453 4464 a n S T h c r p f i e r g i s j i tio N 
F rom $91,o66 lo $85,666 
HUI 
Country Village Owners home rn country almost finished Anxious to soil this M M sa It beauty on 2 acres i baths Bara and stalls 
Cull tor aM a*toils 
Xpr/BkWa natty 349 31 SI 

ANTIQUE LOVER 
You ll love shewing oft eaur an liauos in this 6$ year old I story brick homo Huge roams! I roam turn,shed apartment above j car garage. 2* • year old peg! 
Beryl Wemand 344 IM I. M2 64M 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 
Aa u r n i m 
---------------- 
MOTHER IN LAW PLAN 
Lpvply 4 beat eem with earner 
Ii■ org iace, a tta in e d separate quarters with beardom , sitting room and bath Home is I years aid. rn boner than now t end,lien 
Medical Center w eb in the 54 s 
o 4 7)44 
CENTURY ti Schneider Really 

Here's 5 bedrooms. 2 butt's for only SJI,5o6! Centi ai heal and air, formal dining, covered patio and a fenced y a rd . 
Close to 
Lacklond-Ketiy 
681 3222, nites, 
456 6131 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 

BULVERDE HILLS 
Over I acre, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, single living area with tireptoce, covered patio Built in kitchen. On open terms. Coll today, 
JUST LISTED 
HOLLYWOOD PARK, 3 bedroom. 
2 bath, Itvmg-dmlng room com­ bined. fam ily room w ith large fire p la c e , b u ilt-in k itc h e n , screened in patio, situated on beautiful country-side lot. Coll 
496-5571 
Mites 349-6337 
Century 21 
W AK EFIELD REALTORS 

4-3. Study, den with fireplace, liv- 1 mg, diningroom combo . kitchen * with eating area, 2 car garage 
$69,5oo, by aopt only, 49o-6459 
BY OWNER tim bercreek 3 2 2. I 
Acre double garage. Excellent condition, see.OOO By appoint. > men! only 342 3369______________ 
BY 
OWNER 
TOW NVIEW 
ESTATES 
3 bedroom, 2 both, dining room, large fam ily room, fireplace, 2 
! cor gorage. on cul-de-sac. 7<> 
I '.N O T E , I Y e a r O ld. 14o,SOO 
681-338$ or 274-4SS4._____________ 

 b y o w n e r 
U n i v e r s i t y j OAKS, 3-2-2 fire p la c e , te n e t, garden, 694o432 
By Owner. Woads of Shavano, 3 bedroom. 2 bath, sparkling condi lion, save before listing 49? 2456 
^ASH SHORTAG E’ 
$37$ is all it lakes to get into this 3 i bedroom hom e w ith a ir , ap 
I plian ces and c a rp e t 
F irs t payment in April 
Great Artier.co Realty 496 98o2 
CASTLE HILLS 
LIK E NEW i Luxury 4 bedroom. 2’ » bath, flex­ ible living area, custom drapes, 3o 

DONT BE 
Left out. These ore selling faster than we can get the sold signs up! 
All brick or stone, fireplaces, raised dining. 3 bedrooms, beau­ tifully carpeted. Ask tor Beth Tote 
341-9144 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
Brmq your paint brush, no down payment to anyone 1-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, some with a ir and all appliances 
Payments less than rent 
BOB DePAOLO 
344 3o91 
REALTOR 

DONT FENCE ME IN 
I have two ocres of Oak Trees providing plenty of room tor a pool. stables or tennis cou rt. 
} Lovely and spacious one story 5 bedrooms. 3* J baths, 2 living, 2 dining area home Do coll to see me, You won I be sorry! 
; Col! M9-1434 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. REALTORS 

LARGE OAK TREES 
Set oft this lovely brick home 
•n Castle Hills. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, huge family room, 2S5o so ti of comfortable living for your fam ily. Walk to schools 
Priced at only $47,95o 
344 3364 Hor! McCormick 344 2993 

L a u re l H g ttts. 
Big size bedrooms, 2 baths. 25oo sa ft. c o rn e r lot w ith g a ra g e apartment Excellent remodeling potential 
Only SM.OOO. 341-2222 
Anytime. 
Century 21 
RAY TEAL, REACTORS 
LAUREL HILLS 
High on hill, first time on m arket, lu x u ry C o n te m p o rary garden home. 3 bedrooms, office. 2 big baths, fireplaces, lots af trees ana small yard Loaded with extras, only $79,5oo 
FANTASTIC 
7 year old. 4-5 or 4 bedroom. J’ a both on Oak Creek corner, huge den with fireplace, big living and form al dining, great yard with heated pool, over 3oo6 beautiful feet Priced at only S13S.oo6 
Century 21 
While h eod-H olidav 
1684-3711 
REALTORS 

3 bedroom. 7 baths, single garage 
Large covered patio A super buy for $71.SOO. Don't wait tor long to call 
349-sni or 349 )53$ Anytime 

G REY FOREST 
3 separate homes on approx. I acre 
Live in large 3 2-2 stone 
(with central heot and a ir), rent 2 smaller homes tor extra income 
SSS,OOO 
REALTOR 
491 )3oo 
_______________________ 
Century 21 I lee district 

ELAINE LUDW IG A ASSOC 

HARMONY HILLS 
Talk about greot liv in g ! 3 be­ drooms. 7 baths, largo fam ily 
; room, plus covered patio with aas grill. Low 4o s 
; 
349 JSJS or J49-JI11, anytime 
Deanie Owens 
Reoltor-Lockhtll Selmo 

H E R IT A G E 
F A R M . 
M W 
Schools. 1-2 2. 24x16 master suite 
Spanish style, carpeted $19,9o6 
676-4794 
HERITAG E FARM 1-7-2, central {REALTORS heat-air, fam ily roam with fire ­ place. range, dishwasher. Only 
SHOO equity, interest 6**, $3o4 mo 
$33,7oo 
C h a rle s W atts R eal 
Estate. 732 2918, 717 $35$ 

BUY ME ANO RELAX 
This I hareem townhouse is ail on ; it covered patio, overlooks boa* 
I level double liv in g a re a , 2 ; titul pool area 

HERITAGE FARM 
Brick 3-2-2, carpel, control den, covered patio, big yard 
828 o66$ 
716 1766 
475 o429 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
HID D EN FOREST 

 baths, open kitchen, priced to sell tost' MW area 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 

PY OWNER. Gobcock North « bedroom, 2 bath, I car garage carpeted privacy tented, assume note, eauity $149o John Storch. 
I m i2 > l of * y° 
I 
By Owner, 3 bedroom, 2 both, double garag e, Braun Station 
West, low eauity. 444-316$ wee 
«■ nds or ort t 
BY OWNER 
3 bedroom, I bath homo with 12x14 doh, doable oven range, cenlral air heal, burgulor alarm system, covered patio with brick bar b g u t p it. 129,9o6 
341 5771 or 34 1 4731 t v owner. C harter daks. « 2 i, fam ily, living, separate dining, 
1,126 sa it tenet, $59,64# 494 499$ 

BY OWNER 
DREAMLAND OAKS 
3-2-2, ail brick, extra large rooms, separate living, huge den. beau fit ut yard. extra 324 sa ft storage and shop rn roar. 
Mid 
4o s 
344-1437 
BY OW hi ER 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Largo I bedroom , older homo 
Now root, 2 largo living areas 
Tully carpeted . 2 other bonus room, below 15o.ooo 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-1661 494 3617 

ROSSI l i t s ! 
U«7xoc*gi I*- ' • 
Bo m a 
• m 
B9tdi 

I* l B o l r d d * ^ 
Br Appl Only 

BABCOCK N O R IN . I$44 tg It h* rag ore*. 3 boar porn, I , bolk run •erne til Ie Medical Center OM 
Lucblana Kelly 
Ne gudltlyroo assume end m ete « Murry! 
HUGMD5 B BRISCO! 
(164331 
REALTORS e ll M I* 
No 

I ' i *. lull carpet. hr colate large master bedroom, siHrog-aroa, utility room. mony extras, earn er, p rivacy tone*, near schools, new m ail. coneen- rani Ie hoses 
BY A P P O IN T . 
MENT. NO AGENTS *>'-9991 
Bv Owner',' 'H ollyw ood P o rV , treesaimesl 194, extra (arte let. space, approx 27S6 s a lt under c e n tra l o il h e a t, S la rg e be­ drooms, I baths, 2 dons. dish. washer, built in range and oven, compactor, le a r parade, privacy fenced 2 story, hardwood floors upstairs, carpeted and to rra io downstairs, completely ledecert ed. Im m ac u late conditfon, no agents, net assumable, 349 244$ 
* lpm 494 5387 aft 4 weekends 
BY 6 i^ N E R inspiration Hills 
Custom built. 3-2-2 on hillside lei 6 years old Beautiful city view, 
Carpel and unique guu fry tile lose lf living area AH mater ap phone#* Fireplace, covered pu tie. s p rin k le r, m any e x tr a * 
**5 5oo 43) 9838 i v OWNER 
INSPIRATION HILLS l l 2 
BIG LOT. Many extras, 43) 4445 r r o j n w 
T t r w i.o n botonee, $4584 tautly, SJI# mo 
3 3-2. Loon Volley Areg t i l MI? 
BY b ifflV T T o v e i* 4 bedroom, } both, double finished gar ago, privacy fenced country kitchen 
Won lo atom *34,566 VA dr FHA 
*418 SPRING BROOK 4F4 I M i 
Bv Owner muVf seii bemg tronT lei rod. Boguing! I yr aid- 3-2-1, *« 
Leo* Valley Form al living din mg room*, paneled den with tire place, pat prill, privacy lance, trpgs 1 rn mac ulgl* Buy now and 
»u»* i i . h t l *4ll94J____ 
I v orJxltlR 
Near Med Center ana USAA. 4-2 2, covered petro privacy lance, new earn! carpet ad. tra p t c o u rty a rd custom thanes 
2 Blacks Elam school 
Assume I S loon 6239 mo or 
I el 1 >1 UWC* 637.666 *9o >6o4 
| V W U » W l y 
'fitliio school 
S I'» With don, utMcty 1 eem par 
•ue* Wspacer stove centi et ham end oh tite r aq«nv end astern* ms i> ooii 

DON’T MOW THE GRASS 
Just enioy the beautiful sw im ­ ming pool $' from your front door 
Luxury condo, J lorge bedrooms, . 
_ control living oreo with fireplace, A? Owner, 3-2-2, custom-builf, all dining room, I ' * baths, beautiful, built-in*, plush eorpel. Lots of brown corpet throughout Lovely |cabinets and storage Extra nice pond 16' from rise bock door MW .interior $51,9o6 494-4914 oreo 
WIDMARK REALTORS 
; 
496-9$6 2 

DQ YOU NEED 
; A whip and a chair to control your kids? Threw them in tho huge game room, then relax rn don bv tho fireplace. 4 bedrooms, min- 
1 vies from Medical Conter, in case 
(They) gel loose 
Ask for Ruth 
Folios 
341-9146 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
ECONOMY 2 STORY 

 m - ' I huas^oak U .ic rn bro^n'rd 
<> ""•' 6 bedroom, 2>, f*9 2 hug# oak tr##s in big yard bum*, anal. rara# rat. m r* name. 
W alk to lu n tg r hi 
Assam # payment under $24$. $37,766 
WALK TO SCHOOL 
{Glen Oaks earner, near Medical 
Center, J or 4 bedroom, 2 both, largo carpeted den ond dining, large workshop *34.5oo 
FOREST OAKS 

Marne Horton 344 2341. 451 $934 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

CASTLE HILLS a tile roof fops this lovely. Spanish-Contemper, ary home built only J years age, with a b ea u tifu l boul end ga 
Ho tormal Hying, dining rooms, cozy don and o re m a rk a b le master sartor J bedrooms in an 
$7S,966 
REALTORS 
344 3o41 
Guy Chipman Co 

CASTLE HILLS 
Lovely homo on oversized corner lot. Mini condition 3 bedrooms. 
2' a baths, largo family room wrth fireplace. S eparate living end dining 
Ideoi tar family or enter taming 
C A L L 494 S I V 
A r m s t r o n g C o 

CASTLE HILLS 
I Elegant 4 bedroom 3 bath home Erick beauty tan p a rk lik e lot 
D ra p e rie s . ;4? 2, large family room, all lux washer and dryer slav Ffroptoco 
' extras 
Assume low interest and bookshelves in large family 
" 
I room Adient mg rats olso for sole 
*83,998 Niles 494-6846 
344 3678 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 

! HOLLYWOOD 
PARK redecorated, fully c a r­ peted home has living and dining 
: rooms and a paneled family room 
1 with a fireplace 4 bedrooms! Pa I fro with BBG j $55,96o 
REALTORS 
344 3o41 j 
Guy Chipman Co 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K L u x u ry 
Home. By Owner 4 bedroom, 2'a baths. pool, large lot. nice neigh­ borhood for raising children. 
1464-134o. 

Home is w tiira Hit h u n is jAna this is ll Lovtiy J bedrooms, j 2 bath home lea tares garden kit- rwurtvard ta m . c*en, covgred patio, custom 
J ? . * drape* ond storage shed Priced 
*ol 
$29,544 
Nothing down for 
1 veterans. 
684 43)o 344-63o7 A nytim e 

1oo6 LEE HALL 
3 bedroom. I bath, living room and sc pa ro le d in in g ro o m , 
$17,5oo Terms open 
484-4444 
Niles 484-813$ 
TERRILL REALTY 
_________ 
M IS 
L E O N V A L L E Y A R E A . I be­ droom. 2 bath B E A U TIFU L! Only 
$27$ down. $759 m o n th ly 
No 
Credit? O K! H U R R Y . 922-1764, 
473 4714. 474 75o9 
PAT M CVEY P EAL ESTATE 
LIKE LIVING IN A COUNTRY 
CLUB 
This fantastic proparty hp* ever­ ything im aginable, large 4-2-7, cedor roofed home. greenhouse. horse run, 4ox2o healed pool, Ion ms courts on I '> acres , lu s t’ 
.behind UTSA and minutes from 
USAA and M edico! Center 
A bargain at StSS.o66 Conventional 
Century 21 
W H ITEH EA D HOLIDAY 
341 7IIS_____________ REALTORS 
LIVE IN A MANSION 
4716 sa It, $ bedrooms. I bams, excellent condition, largo playr- loom in b asem ent 
Tw o 12x4$ covered porches On I tree stud bed acre. 
Century 21 
W H ITEH EA D H O C IID A Y i l l -6 JOU 
REALTORS 

 note $43,566. also cute eleon 3-2-2 with lots et frees af $44,5o9 Coit today 

LOVELY 2 BEDROOM 
I oath house, all rock. country 
Hying almost in fawn. Can keep horse ftM.SO# Neor Med Center 
HGR Real Estate 492 M19. nile* 
M 1H 8o 
1 
L U X U R IO U S 
T O W N H O U S E . 
H O ** B ric k ! 4 bedroom s. 2 't baths Large Hying room, aroint room combination Fam ily roam with Fireplace Dream kitchen has Jen Air Bar B O. microwave oven, th e rm a d o r oven, (ra s h compactor Central vacuum sys­ tem M any olher am enities It * to ta le d in a most prestigiou s areg Exceptionally good value at 
$42,OM. Call M I l i l t A N Y TIM E 

KEY EBOUP 

CENTRAL PARK 
Is 2 blacks from this J bedroom. 2 bath, house goruge home Brick hor b g Corner lot V ery, very clean Mid J# * 
JOY SMI «r MV JSJ$ Anytime 

C e n t u r y 
^ 
U 
M 
M 
I M 
I 

Chancier lh Span!! 
,oui iou* open living area tiger plan heme lh OAK G LEN PARK 4 bedrooms. J baths. One story 
B e a u titu l let w ith la rg e trees-Custom Built! 
One Of A 
Kind*" Please call! $62,566 
M I 4491 nile* 
73$ 1767 
GEORGE FLOOO REALTORS 

CHARTER OAKS lo v e ly inside and out Only } years old (owner transfer red I, beoutitul built in* Hug* m a llei bedroom. (3 2), 74x16 den with fireplace, electric kitchen with salt cleaning even im m ed iate posxeskign 
Can Bo assum ed 
ISI 758 344 6346 
G r q.cJ > ,.A rn o ld 

OKE KUM SMCIAl 
Low ORtNfV, T S on 14 O s hour 
M id Con lei HW , 4 I V * I under 
5 ) 8 OOO r u n 
A L S O h i g h a p } s lg rx , t o m t i t view 
531.364 
W O N D E R 
R E A L 
R S T A T t 
M I t l U w M I 5 t|f 

Whitehead Malibu, 
444 37)1 
REALTORS! 

2o3o EDISON 
FHA 5I4 6oU Will point inside and out I Bedroom. I bath Ort West 
Avenue 341-41 J* 
SPtCIA REALTORS 

El DORADO 
Cute. Clean I bedroom homo. la rfo living area in El Dei ade 
I Low assumption 
COMPASS REALTY 
; 
OM-toe I o94 3912 
E NC H AN T iD F O R t$ Y " ”» 1x26 
L ID A ROSE 
By Owner 
J be dreams, I both* living, dining, don wrth hroRtaco. many trees i v oppowtmoht 344-4915 
Enchantm ent in E N C H A N T E D 
'F O R E S T — C oly F irep io cx tar th at# w inter evenings Sprinh lered ground* tar easy mamie# once Hug# recreation roam pius 
'amity roam, and ketng dining 2 s elf c le a n in g avens and microwave Occupancy date flex 
•bra 11461)1 AN YTIM E 

D n o n u u a M i l y e 
I B 
I ? ! “ J x i W 
E S T A f r m f ' n r t f m w ^ ing dining je ffs r x e n a re g 
S I) 446 
I l i f f I 
341-1149 #r 
>44 tit J tor appointment 

S3 / 25o IN FORIS! OAKS 
All rock I bedroom nome with a 
7/116 hying area Oak froes cover 
(ho yard 
Coit radar tor opp! 
684 7266 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider Ht-oliy 
484 7 2 .. ___ 
1 4-3-1, In Oohs Hills Terraced wl"iie *8 4 
Equity, Assume 531,364 balance, taH 
Toto! 5)4,866 *81 1931________ 
IN S P IR A TIO N A L H ILLS AREA near Medical Center beautifully different luxuty brick. 3-2-don courtyard ortiry. privacy fenced 
In law 56 5 62 4 4 567 

LUXURY HOME 
Colonial village, near Mod Coaler and USAA 4-3 2, formal living and dining a roo. large den wrth tiro, place 2 muster suites and beau­ tiful kitchen Covered patio with gut grill intercom, vee system, rand many other features 
Mid 

 tor augen 
E X IR A N l t T ) bedroom I bain central brr naut attached gut ag* 
(o in e i fat Buy equity and bs sunw t i l t i f f . 169 A tt) 

IS Ihe appl ex square (outage el this remarkable (rome but, thai doesn I describx the dram atic beauty within the stone ond slue ce walls' The 2 story entr y opens 
Ie exerting entertaining ureas os mony as 186 guests have been osc antedated here For moi seal mg os well as a sunken fireplace pit' 4 spacious bedroom*. )' • lux ars both* study bonus room with wet bar and a 46 g um * room large paul and peddled po l.o A hem* of homes, in #•' xx elusive area tor a disciiminatrog horn*seeker O FFE R E D A l 
$315 866 
REALTORS 
*94 4611 
^ 
^ a* roc Aeq garage wit 
Guy Chipman Co " ~ u l r . iv M B . WU w - SCHOON raw Madina 

M r s 
DeLoGorco 
344 IM I, 
494 1956 
B O I JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 
LU XUR Y SPANISH 
4 bedroom brick I story )', lux 
I a ry baths Separate ii vin o and dining, a i.id e a bv beautiful entry. 
F ire p ia c e d fa m ily ro a m 
M in 
‘from 
Mea 
Center and 
UTSA 
I Set. 568 
(REALTOR 
691 1366 
Century 21 
BLAIN E LUDW IG A ASSOC t i n $ fr£TMira-* d i m 
Super clean A l l Aon slave, trig, carpeted Hying roam vol j no Bown anyone no ansi im Apr 
I Only 5)46 month in f B u g Vin i t s >5*4 H a rt M i Cpi m ick )44 299) j I* ' M i t i l w l f T T i f f i n c T T S A 
Bream wrth control heel an# air. 
■buck star ag* house lic it, BARBI» 
Be rat had garage w ith work shoe 4 
■ 
■ 
■ a 
Bub# erf Ebb m in vstem 
All this on 
«*re Mxdina v utter 
MBAH M f OIC AL COM PLEX Ort 
H M N F WlHtt aU t."- io u l i t IQ4o t * i '4JVWB «NE El ATE BMO OOM 

, . 
„ CA ta * * * 
HUGHS 5 B BRISC OE 

1668859o 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-HEW S— Sunday February 6 1 9 7 7 

EXPRESS > NEWS B6 NIIS ADS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS.. 

 l in e s 
W 

AB B S f 
D AYS rn 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
N O N C O M M E R C IA l l 
CANCELLABLE 

RATE CHANGE 
QUICK RESULTS! 

212 ROMIS^mrmVEST 

CUSTOM COLLECTION 
• CASTLE HI US EST. • 
SPACE WITH GRACE 
(neuter drive opprocch to Bm one story, shining while brick 
Very spacious, 5 bedrooms, VA both, living, dining, breakins* family rooms 
Oual nreplare 
Complete gourmet kitchen. 
Many built ins like new 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
A BRILLIANT 
One story home in Costle Hills 
Estates 
A worm family room 
(FP, high ceiling, wetbar). 4 
3'/j-2 plus study plus quarters. 
Super kitchen 
Heated POOL 
Sprinkled grounds Neor the molls. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
EARLY AMERICAN 
Relish the type of home that lends itself to formality or casualness. Exquisite, ideally ar­ ranged, 5 3'/j, den (FP). Push button kitchen. Covered patio in shaded grounds. 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

 m 
& M m 

SERENELY PRIVATE 

IH S ocre — hilltop with magnify I 
■ cent view. Sophisticated 2-story I 
| Contemporary just minutes from 
Medical Center and downtown. 21 
I years old 

LEE HI-NIMITZ 

I Charming hi location 
3 2, separate living drama room, cen 
I teal heat-oir Priced low 3os tori quick sole 824 3233, 826 oo49, 
5973,822 91o3. 826 7314 

2 1 2 -HOMES NORTHWEST 

ELEGANT ESTATE 
CMAS-IOU RIDGE CASTIE 
MUS 
Exquisite 
2-story 
Southern 
French Provincial home, 5 Texas sire bedrooms plus sitting room and quarters, 3 fireplaces. Ap prox. 7ooo sq, ft Entrance to d and sundeck graced by i carved mahogany from the Philippines, walnut parquet floors ono carpet, fabulous kit­ chen, mirrored wet bar, formal dining room, chandeliers and special lighting thruout. Call An­ nette 
Middaugh for further details. 

VAN BUREN & ASSOC. 
684-7171 344 1o89 344 7122 

212 - HOMES NORTHWEST 

WHISPERING OAKS 
J H O M E S B U IL T B Y D E N T O N 

B e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m hom e in m id d le of J oak co ve re d lots, hioh on a h ill, p le n ty of space and p riva cy# s w im m in g pool 
Tennis c o u rts close bv R e a lly so m e th in g sp ecia l, i t 1o,ooo 

E le g a n t 3 b e d ro o m C o n te m ­ p o r a r y , f ir e p la c e in liv in g ro o m a nd m a s te r b e d ro o m , la rg e is lo n d k itc h e n , g a m e ro o m , c u s to m d ra p e s , m a n y th in g s to show y o u $85,ooo. 
C all 69o 922o. 492 1231 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 
216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
226 - SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
226 - SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
228 • RESORT PROPERTIES 

NEAR HIGHLANDS 
HIGH 

3 bedroom. 2 bath, 2 cor garage, formal and informal dining, corpet, central heat ond air, built in electric kitchen Terms 

5 3 2 - 5 2 4 5 
Mites 1 33 -3 9M 
Dearie Owens 

JEFFERSON A R EA 
I or 3 bedroom , w ith com ­ p le te ly equipped deluxe k it­ chen. 
Including tro th com ­ pactor. Im m ediate possession. 
132 .oo o. 
NE A R UTSA 
A ll the kitchen appliances re ­ m ain in this w e ll k e p t 
3 bedroom 3 bath home w ith double garage. $ 38 ,oo o. 
6 9 6 - 1 o o o 
T u rtle C re e k A r e a 

TtouneOwm 
WAIToB-AA15 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S . b e a u tifu l b ric k hom e has te rra z z o e n try to lo rm a l liv in g , d in in g ro o m s a n d I p an e le d fa m ily ro o m 18xt4 w ith f ir e p la c e ! 4 b e d ro o m s ( s itt in g I a re a in m a s te r b e d ro o m ) 
$74,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-8411 
Guy Chipman Co 

W H IS P E R O AKS 
245o sq ft tra d itio n a l 2 s to ry (a m ity h o m e . 4 la r g e b e d r o o m s 2 % , 
$78,ooo O W N E R 492-9373 

DENVER HEIGHTS 

Nice older home with 3 bedrooms and I large bath Fenced, detached garage. Only $14,9oo. Niles 656- 
758o. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OE HOMES 

654-552o 691-1121 541-9191 

SPACIOUS AND 
GRACIOUS 

Ovei 22oo sq ft in this 4 bedroom, 
2 VV both home feotunng family room, sundeck, hand covered bai and stools On W ocre Reduced 
51o,ooo for quick sale 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
. 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath , c o rn e r 
T e rm s or assum e $'«% loon 
Ernest J Ev8PS^688-326£ 
2 1, ta r g e liv in g - d in in g . n e a r schools, L A F E , K A F B 337-3884 

ABSOLUTELY UNIQUE! 

 lo vee this unusually beautiful home in Prestigeous Whispering 
Ooks IS A MUSI! 4 bedroom, 3 baths, formal living room, formal dining room, huge fomily room with fireplace, bright cheerful kit­ chen with a breakfast room, lots and lots of storage only begins to describe this home and the many extras it has. For a complete description, call NOW1 Niles call (. 
Hightower 696 1427. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 
691-1121 
341-9191 
656-552o 

R E D U C E D 'R E D U C E D ! 
• CHARM AND STYLE • p e rs o n ify th is F re n c h hom e w ith sunken liv in g a nd d in in g ro o m s. 
L a r g e fir e p la c e 
F a m ily ro o m w ith e x p a n s iv e use ot glass. S al­ t illo tile , b e a m e d c e ilin g , 3-2 2. 
Sunshine kitc h e n . 
$41,5oo 
824 2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 
R E D U C E D T O $ 4 9 ,9 5 o 
W a s 
I 553,95o and w o rth m o re ! A m o st in v it in g s p lit- le v e l 4 b e d ro o m 
I hom e. C o rn e r fire p la c e in fa m ily i ro o m 
B ig p riv a c y re a r y o rd 
A 
M U ST 
S E E ! 
828 4343, eves 
I 453 9594 
Cornelius & Associates 

SHAVANO PARK 
I L a rq e 27oo sq ft. 3-2-2 on 3 o cre s. 
1oo% A ustin Stone 
I 494 5281 
494 2o43 
: 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 
I S P A C E , C O M F O R T a n d C O N 
V E N IE N C E d e s c rib e th is q u a lity b u ilt 4 b e d ro o m , 3 b o th hom e in 
C a s tle H ills . L a r g e lo t 
L o v e ly b u ilt- in k itc h e n , 2 liv in g a re a s . 
S id e e n tr y g a r a g e , u n iq u e en- 
I closed patio. W a lk in g d is ta n c e to 
1 L e e , N im it z , J a c k s o n K e lle r . 
494 7451 A N Y T IM E 

N E A R ST 
M A R Y 'S f r e s h ly po in te d . 2 b e d ro o m co tta g e w ith lo v e ly y a rd ! F o rm a l liv in g a nd d in in g ro o m s ! 
517,95o 
R E A L T O R S 
494 4811 

ROSOW A KUNE 
R E A LT O R S SO Y e a rs Of TR U ST 

SPECTACULAR VIEW b ric k 3-2H-2, d en, n oo k, c o rn e r, m a n y b u ilt-in s , c e n tra l. H u rry ! 
341 4455 
R E A L T O R S 
433-1859 
J A M E Y AGENCY 

W O O D S T O N E . s p lit b e d ro o m p la n in a 3 b e d ro o m h o m e ! L iv ­ in g -d in in g c o m b in a tio n p lus fa m i­ ly ro o m w ith fire p la c e ! E nclose d p a tio ...fin is h e d g a ra g e ! 
$4o,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
34 4 3 o41 
Guy Chipman Co 

WRONG TIME OF THE YEAR 
F o r o w n e r to sell, b u t rig h t tim e to r you to buy th is g ra c io u s 3 b e ­ d ro o m 2 b ath a nd den hom e W ith 
15x3o pool a nd c o v e re d p a tio in 
C h u rc h ill D is tric t. C all fo r into 
C all 349-1434 A n y tim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S ________ 

14 X 33 POOL AND space fo r ten n is c o u rt, p lus 4 b e ­ d ro o m , 3 baths, 2 s e p a ra te a ir and h ea t u n its S e c u rity gate, a lm o s t I a c re on T e rre ll Rd 824-4521, m tes 
474 o744 
Turner Realty 

• Y O U N G C O U P L E S N O N -V E T S 
L O O K ! You too can b uy no dow n. 
M o st a re as, E-Z q u a lify 
722 9o14T E R R A R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS 

YOUR STANDARD STUDIO 
U ltra -C o n te m p o ra ry 2 -s to ry w ith g o u rm e t k itc h e n S ittin g ro o m in m a s te r, ro c k a nd ce d a r w ith ro o m to r o pool. 7o's. 
S AN D ISO N R E A L T Y 
499 92o1 

N E A R 
W O O D L A W N 
L A K E - 
S p a n ou s 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th hom e on a c o rn e r lo t 
F o rm a l d in in g , b re a k fa s t n oo k in k itc h e n , fir e p lace in liv in g ro o m , p o rc h o ff of m a s te r b e d r o o m 
O n ly $35oo e q u it y , a s s u m e $211 p e r m o 
O w n er tro n s le rre d 
Tower View Inc. 732 6157 

N IC E 3-1 
A d u lt couple, No pets 
M M u rr y 824 4778_______________ 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
B e a u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th hom e w ith 2 c a r g a ra g e , la rg e fo m ily I 453.9o6 m 
Y ^ A N y ’ti'm E ro o m w ith fire p la c e , su nke n liv in g | ro o m w ith b ric k a c c e n t w a ll and c o v e re d p a tio to r o u td o o r liv in g I b lo c k fro m e le m e n ta r y s c h o o l 
F o r v ie w in g , c a ll 342 4115 A N Y ­ 
T IM E , b ut h u rry , th is one w ill go tost 

SQUEAKY CLEAN 
3 b e d ro om , 2 b ath , fo rm a l liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m . P a n e le d d en p lus g a m e ro o m and pool F enced and la nd sca pe d 
547,5oo 
2o7 
M aplew ood 
C A L L 494-5227 
A rm strong Co 
ST MARY’S UMIVERSI1Y 
Is o n ly H b lo c k fro m th is 3 b e ­ d ro o m , 1 b a th hom e P ric e d lo sell a t o n ly $14,5oo 
F o r d e ta ils a nd vie w in g , c a ll 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
S T U N N IN G p in k b r i c k l ! 3 B e ­ d ro o m . 2 b a th plus bonus ro o m in p o p u la r W oods of S havano. P re tty la nd sca pe d y a rd in c lu d in g gre en house 
L a rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith c o rn e r f ir e p la c e 
Im m a c u la te ! 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
S u p e r c le a n 3 b e d ro o m , k in g s iz e d k itc h e n , g a r a g e , p a r k lik e y a r d , c o v e r e d p a tio , f r u it tre es, V A F H A 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R e a lto r 
648-33o7 

H IG H L A N D P A R K 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G , c h a rm in g 5 ro o m s , la rg e flo o rp la n . h e a tin g unit, c a rp e te d . A good B U Y at 
$17,5oo 
EDNA M. ROSIN 533-9444 
H IG H L A N D S . 3422 A c tio n 3 be d ro o m s , I b a th , p ric e d to s e ll 
$13,2oo C oll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

Historic King Wm. Area 
The d ow n tow n re s id e n t c o m m u n ity 
S ingle and M u lti F a m ily 
R E S T O R A T IO N S , INC R e a lto rs 
224 4475 

H o u s e f o r s a le , 
21oo 
B lk . 
G ua d alu p e St. $43oo 43S-P95 
L A K E S ID E B IN G O 
JU S T L IS T E D B E L O W N E W 
Be a W in n e r b v a s s u m in g $218 p a y m w ith s m a ll e q u ity on 3 2-2. 
O nly $28,ooo F a n ta s tic ! 454 o975 
828 4545P R IA K O S R E A L T Y 2 4 h r! 
L A R G E H O M E + A c la n d e q u a ls c o m fo rta b le liv in g in c ity . 
Santex Co., R e a lto rs 453-o44o 
715 M O N T A N A E A S T S ID E 
D u plex + hom e-agents w e lco m e 
533 1oo9 Respondek R lty 454 5447 

LIVE AND LEASE 
2 b e d ro o m s , la rg e c o m b in a tio n , liv in g and d in in g , d ouble d eta che d g ara g e , s m a ll one b ed ro om hom e in r e a r o n a lm o s t an % a c re . 
$14,5oo 
R o b e rta W h ite 533 7143, m tes 33 8743 
BOB JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
N E A R 
L A C K L A N D K E L L Y 
4 -1 'i, c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, ra n g e , re ­ trig , a tta c h d g a ra g e E q u ity , as s u m e $2o8 m o , 9 % . $ 21 ,3o o 
C h a r le s W a lts 
R e a l 
E s to t e , 
732 2918, 732-535$. 
N E A R L A C K L A N D , an o u tsta n d 
(n a v a lu e , m o d e rn 3 b e d ro o m hom e w ith p a y m e n ts o f only $128, e q u ity b elo w $2ooo 474 5411 
RED CARPET 
N E A R M C C U L L O M , B e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m h o m e , b ric k fro n t, e x ­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n , No dow n VA. 
H U G H E S & B R ISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
475 o494 
N E A R V A L L E Y H I M A L L , 4 2 CP, o w n e r fin a n c e d w ith $575 d ow n , 
5175 m o n th ly 
J & J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A n y tim e 
No Down, No C losing, la rg e 3 be d ro o m . 2 b a th w ith d ouble g a ra g e , c e n tra l a ir, tre e s , re d u c e d p ric e 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
N O D O W N TO V A B U Y E R S , 
L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m hom e w ith g a r­ age c o n v e rte d to den, la rg e p atio , c a rp e te d , tv a nte nn a a n d stereo w ir e d . O n ly $ 2 1 ,9 o o o n o p e n te rm s 67S-21S2. 
RED CARPET 
O FF C O M M E R C IA L 3 b e d ro o m , lenced. $14,5oo V A F H A 
924 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
O F F 
P IN N 
R D 
C le a n 
3 bed ro om s, a ir, a p p lia n c e s . 5225 to m ove In., $169 m o 
696-742o W A Y NE S LA TE R 684 6169 

ACREAGE 

 no 
ACHS 
IST ATI on 
Guadalupe liv e r 
B eautiful 

 riv e r bottom w ith 165 pecan 

 tre a t. 
Goad fro s t 
(tam e 

 coastal), m ostly apen. Older 

4-roam bouse and w ater 

 w e ll. 
Ideal fo r retirm ea t 

 re tre at. $1,566 per acre. 

IS , IO and 5 -a oa tracts svith earner financing- 
Blooded, 

 good roads, exceHeat borne 

 sites. 

FRANK 
BOHUSLAV 
REALTY 

I IO N . K in g , 

S e g u in , T X 7 8 1 SS 
3 7 9 - 6 7 6 8 

HAWAII • ACAPULCO • LAS VEGAS 
H O W IE TO WIN IHI VACATION Of TOUB CHOKI WHIN TOU SU TNI 
INCHDItli FtOFIETY VAiUlS AT 
^ jSSSSSSSSS 

O N THE GUADALUPE 

HO FUECHASI IS NKISSABY, Of COUtSI THIS IS JUST OU8 tv AT OI 
URGING YOU TO SU TNI BUUTIfUl OAR STUDDID PROHIBIT IN 
RIVFRMONT ON TNI GUADAIUFI RIVIR 

S a v e T h o u s a n d s o f D o l l a r s N o w ! 
W IN T E R S A L E ! 
7 % * . F IN A N C IN G IS STILL A V A IL A B L E 
THE LIVERMONT OFFICE NORTH ON HWY 281 SAN 
FEDRO, 16 MUES FROM LOOP 41o 

232 FARMS RNP RANCHES 

BlAUTIFUt 3 Bedroom, VA both rock home, cathedral ceilinged liv mg room with a huge ftreploce Cen trot oir heat, covered polio, dbl oarage with tots of dotage spate 
Beautiful (body lot with acted lo 
Guadalupe Rive! Only SIJ, SOO 
BEAUTtFUl Riverfront lot in Chapar tai Country (lob area, bees, paved street Only S9.2So 

G o o d S r fa c tio n o f 
O th e r P r o p e rty % 
C. H. WAHL 
I 379 5693,1 379 571o 
771 W. Court St., Seguin, Tex 
Gene Trod I 557 5o54 

 tori Welch 655-218o 

HILL COUNTRY U N O 
ONLY $2oo DOWN 

Forcel 69 • $4ooo Nice hill side view, Ook Trees, Access lo river, recreation, polk facilities, tennis ond fishing 

PARCH 186 • 536oo. Own this nice large tract for as little os your trade in and 53o or S35 per month at 8% simple interest ond I? yeors to pay In Hill Country Noith 

PARCH 295 . 573oo, fish out your bark door on beautiful spring fed toke Tremendous view Access to Guadalupe 

HBG REAL ESTATE 
733-13o9 

NEW COUNTRY HOME 
New custom designed home on 
I 3 ocres of lantf covered with large trees, 18oo sq ft of living aiea, plus laige double attached garage with electric door livinq room ond dining room, wifn separate entry hall lorge panel ed family room with buck fireplace ill electric kitchen with built in conge ond dishwasher 3 bedrooms, 
2 complete baths 
Shag carpet thru out Central on and heal located just west of 
Pleasanton City limits on paved streets, city waler 
PRICED $4o,ooo 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
Orrwr Htakwoy 29! i Goodwin St 
UmibrIoa, Tracks 
T e le p h o n e 
San Antonio; 
626 2111 
Pleaianton 
S69-J527 
S69 2*87 
S69 2o28 

OUT Of COUNTY 
^ 
MEDINA LAKE AREA lake Hills. Tx. this brae aider home on approx I S fenced and tree studded acres, ii is on a bord surfaced road near the Stale Paik and bool landing ll is a 3 2VS 2 with loads of carpeting and a huge wood butnmg toepiece there is a 
I room guest house and a J bedroom mobile home on the pro perry plus plenty of outside storage ond beal shed Assume at 
8% Niles 6S6 8218 
DAY OR NITE 655 6648 

■ H o r t o n s o u t l i m 's t r e n l t i i 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS lake facilities ond boa! ramps near by Panoramic views, many large oak trees SIRGO per acre and up Sell 3o% below maiket value Up to IS yeors la pay al 
8% f o r a p p o in tm e n t C a ll 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

525 A C R E S in F rio Co w ith in I m ile p ro d u c in g w e ll W ill lease to r qas e x p lo ra tio n o r a g r ic u ltu r e 
In q u ire a l 227-1813 

7.54 ACRES 
♦ 

A D E S IR A B L E A R E A - 3 -2 -2 , a p p lia n c e s , 634 C o s g ro v e 
N o dow n p a y m e n t to a nyo ne 
696-742oW AYNE S LA T E ft 344 o916 
A ll b ric k , c o rn e r lot. 3-2-2, liv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m , fa m ily ro o m , b re a k fa s t a re a 
L E O N A R D R E A L T O R S 
333 o44o 
661 3322 
A S S U M E B E A U T I F U L 4 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 b ath , fa m ily ro o m w ith la rg e k itc h e n a nd d in in g ro o m , d e ta c h e d a p t. in th e r e a r w ith g a ro g e and w o rk s h o p , low e q u ity , close in. lu s t o ff P re sa Im m e d ia te possession 
H U G H E S & B R ISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
67$ o696 
A ttr a c tiv e -S p o tle s s . 3-2 c e n tr a l h e a l and a ir. Jupe a re a 
L E O N A R D R E A L T O R 
333 o64o 
641-3322 

N E A R R IG S B Y 
No q u a lif y ­ ing, spacious a nd b e a u tifu l, 3 k in g s iz e d b e d ro o m s , 2 f u ll b a th s , c o v e re d p a tio , fe n ce d v o rd , tre es g a lo re 

ERA 
$32-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
648-33o7 

N E W L IS T IN G 
3-1-1, new ro o f and k itc h e n flo o r, c a r p e t t h r u o u t. o n e b e d ro o m c o u ld be u sed a t T V ro o m 
A s ­ s u m e 6 % % V A lo a n w ith $112 p a y m e n ts . C all fo r d e ta ils 

653-8141C entury 21 
■ 111 B ill P a rk in * R lfy 6 6 t 
Ity 661-3352 
N o rth o f H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
F ire p la c e in v a u lte d liv in g o re a . a p p lia n c e d k itc h e n , a ir a t 634 C osgrove, $295 m o n th ly y e t no dow n to onyo ne , ca ll 
344 5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344-2993 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
O AK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
C H A R M 
C O M FO R T 
V A L U E 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
6*35 C h a rlie Chan, sp acio u s 4-2 2 b io fa m ily ro o m 
F o rm a l 
Itvm e d in in g 
Q uick 
Possession. 
L o w , 
L ow 
$4o S 
734 oo1$, 696 o437, 699 oo13 
B E U L A H 
M A E 
K E L L E R . 
R e al I or 

• OAK HILLS • 
U n iq u e , tr i- le v e l. 4 b e d ro o m , J b o th . c a rp e te d , lo ts o f s to ra g e , la rg e lot, p ric e d to sell a l $*9,6oo 
C H A M B E R L A IN P R O P E R T IE S 
734 6144, N il* w ke nd 144 8*1o 

4 3 2. 3711 O A K T R A IL . N o rth f r o n t , c o r n e r , b e a u t if u l o o k s , fenced y a rd , cro s s w a lk s , c o v e re d p o lio , w o o d b u r n in g fir e p la c e lo t s of c a b in e ts , a n d b u ilt in s 
C a rp e te d , fu ll e le c tr ic k itc h e n , c e n tra l h e a t a n d a ir, p ric e d fo r a u ic k sale 
A ls o s h o rp 3 7 2. a ll m a s o n ry on top of the h ill M cN e e l 
Rd A lso, S b e d ro m s , 2 b o ttu , n ea r the 7 above hom es O nly $39,5oo 
732 7987 STE VE M A R TIN 735 o875 
O F F C IN C IN N A T I o ld e r h o m e . g o o d c o n d itio n , n ic e n e ig h b o r ­ hood $15,o6o m a k e o tte r O w n e r c a rry note 
N O R T H S ID E 
R E A L T Y 
732 o9*1 
7J4-B773 
O FF IN G R A M RO 3 7 1, c e n tra l a ir a p p lia n c e s N o d o w n to on vone A p ril U t p o y m t 
*9 * 742oW AYNE SL A T E R 34* o93* 
O FF W U R Z B A C H RO 3 2 2. c e n t 
R E A L T O R a ir heat, c a rp e te d , fenced 
O nly 
$35,9oo 

ROSOW ( KUNE 
R E A L T O R S $o Y e o rs o tT RUST 

SUNSHINE HOME 
I 3 b e d ro om , 7 b a th hom e, w ith see 
, t h r u f ir e p la c e a n d u n iq u e su n 
: ro o m G re a t b uy in the lo w 4o's. 
| 69o-922o a n y tim e 

B J L L Y M L K 
SWEET INSPIRATION 
N ew 3 b ed ro om w ith I fu ll b ath s. 
. m o d e rn single liv in q w ith bea m e d c a th e d ra l c e ilin g a n d ro c k fire - 
I p lace M id 3o's 
S AN D ISO N R E A L T Y 
*99-92o1 

|T B IR D V IL L A G E 
N o d o w n p a y m e n t to a nyo ne 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 
; b a th s , c e n tr a l h e a t- a ir , s to v e , 
‘ d is h w a s h e r . 
$ 7 4 ,5 o o t o t a l. 
I P aym en ts less re n t 
BOB De P A O LO 
I 344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
T B IR O V IL L $85o DO W N 
S uper cle an 3-2 2, den, a ir, a p p lia n ce s, c a rp e l. $27,77$! 
>44 56*4 H a rt M tC m rm ck 344 7993 
T H E 
U L T I M A T E in liv i n q . 
I C o n te m p o ra ry 4-3' z-3 on 2 a cre s. 
: $178,5oo C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 878 o765 til 8 p m 
T H E Y W A N T TO M O V E 
B uy m e ' 2-1-T n e a r bus 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
727 o327 
737 2436 

THIS IS ITI 
Spotless 3 b e a ro o m . 2 b a th hom e th a t has 2 liv in g a re a s , c o v e re d p a tio and a good NW loc o lm C oll 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No dow n p a y m e n t to a nyo ne 3-4 bed ro om s. 2 b ath s, som e w ith a ir a nd a ll a pp lia n c e s F ir s t p a y m e n t in A p ril 
BOB D e P A O L O 
537-5251________________ R E A L T O R 

RDY YODR OWN BLK. 
A ll o r p o r t. 5 h o u s e s , 6 a c re s . 
M o ke o fte r 344-3471. 341 7697 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

SPACE 

O F F P L E A S A N T O N R D 
L a rg e o ld e r s ty le 3 b e d ro o m , s e p a ra te d in in g , d e ta c h e d g a ra g e 
G ood lo c a tio n t o r s c h o o ls a n d b u s 
$15,ooo 923-4377.974 19*8 
Ronald Williamson 
O V E R 175o SQ F T . of liv in g a re a 
3 b e d ro om , 2 b ath , la rg e , shaded lo t. la rg e den w ith fire p la c e and w e tb a r, m o n y lu x u r ie s a n d e x ­ t r a s . N o d o w n to V A b u y e r . 
$36,6oo on open te rm s *75-2157. 
RED CARPET 
$15o P E R 
M O 
3 b e d r o o m s , le n c e d No d ow n p a y m e n t to o n ­ yone A p ril 1st p a y m t 
69* 747oWA Y N E SL A T E R674 617* 

Ju st inside W ilson Co. O nly 17 m i 
•ro m Loop 41o, lots ol oaks, lo n k , olso Texas V e te ra n la nd a v a il 
344 4768 
341 65*6 
695 3113 

CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C 
15 A C R E S , 3 m ile s o u t OI c ity lim its on 181 S 
$15oo p e r a c re 
E asy te rm s 974-4466, 673 1932 

SCENIC ACRE + 

Residential lot, I 4 ones un lh view, Stagecoach Hills Aiea 
Open Teems, possible trade 
(all today foi details 
BOB 
MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

I 

PLEASANTON, TEXAS 

3 bedroom, I hath with loige living room lots ol trees Only I Wotk lo shopping ond bos lo San Antonio 
514,ooo Niles 656 7S8o 

NAYLOR REALTY 
CALLERY Of HOMES 

OSO SSM 691 1121 M I 9191 

LAKE AUSTIN 
Close In on W estlake D r , o ver I a tle w ith v ie w of la ke ond b lu ffs 
M a in house, 2 b ed ro om s, 7 b ath s, s u n k e n liv in g lo o m w ith s to n e fire p la c e , d in in g lo o m , k u c h e n w ith a ll b u ilt in s. la u n d ry lo o m . p a n try 
E v e ry lo o m opens lo po ira or d ecks and has vie w al lake etc 
H om e c o m p le te ly le d e c o ra t od 
A ls o 126' of w a le r t in l w ith s w im m in g beach, new b o o l house out o v e i w a in . 77o sa ll lin in g space a nd 7 b a a l s talls f OI m o te mien m o tio n c o ll. N a th a n S m ith 
512 177 HO I or 
H ill 
(rune un 
517 463 H B I 
Gene Spence, Realtor 
613 145_49.1o 
__ 

R E N T 
O R 
B U Y 
V A C A T IO N 
H O M E 3 2' i house on c a n a l K ey 
A lle g ro . R o c k p o rt. Texas 
Sleeps 
8, c e n tra l a ir h e a l 
T e im s nego 
C all Dan B acon. K e rrv ille . Texas 
I 894 HO* or I 257 7994 

U N ­ 
R E A L E S T A T E H R O K t R 
B uy or Sell fo r you C all 
276 8357 
342 9338 
344 9424 
J A. Dess 

22 ACRES 
N E A R B O E R N E on pave d ro a d, a ll in g ra s s w ith sp re a d in g oaks 
F e n c e d , s to c k lo n k a n d s te a m , s ta b le a n d w e ll 
24 X 6o 3 be d ro o m . 2 b a th m o b ile hom e, tu rn 
C hoice b u ild in g site 
E x c e lle n t a ssu m p tio n 

C A L L 494 5777 E v e n in g s 494 3789 
A rm strong Co 

BY O W N E R 76 A C R E S 
14 m ile s 
___________________ southeast Loop 41o on h ig h w a y 16 I 
3 y e a rs old 
A ll b ric k 3 7 h om e I RTQ (lf RFAIITV 
L a r g e ro o m s . S w im m in g p o o l i f " " ® 
D L IIU I I 
7 s to ry m e la l b a rn it lig a tio n w ell a n d e q u ip m e n t 
F is h in g p o n d la r g e oak and h ic k o ry tre e s W ith 
JO o c re s o l co a s ta l 
D e e r, q u a il a n d d o v e 
C a ll 
924 657 1 o r 
I 747 3o98 to r a p p o in tm e nt 
B Y OW NE R 
CAL V E RAS I AKE la rg e c o u n try hom e, on 13 o c re s a ls o 16 3o a c re s 
In E C e n tr a ! 
D is tric t 633 oo78 

R e al E slate 

P o o l ta b le s iz e d e n , c u te 3 b e ­ d r o o m h o m e , r a n g e , r e f r ig , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , no d o w n , no clo sin g VA 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

P R IC E D B E L O W V A L U E , A d a rlin g hom e in M ea do w V illa g e , p ric e d lo sell q u ic k 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th w ith d o u b le g a r a g e , d e n , p r iv a c y fe n c e d , c o v e re d p a tio , 
$115o dow n 
W A R E 
R E A L T Y 
734 o193 

B Y O W N E R 
3-2, fa m ily ro o m , f u lly c a rp e te d , c o v e r e d p a tio , w o r k s h o p , c e n t r a l a ir - h e a t , 
$26,9oo 333 2439 
B Y O W N E R 
3-2-2. P E C A N V A L ­ 
L E Y , f u lly c a rp e te d , a ir c o n d i­ tio n in g , fa m ily ro o m , fire p la c e , p atio , fenced. S U N . 333 7791 

L ots o f It in th is 2 b e d ro o m b e a u ty on C ul-D e-S ac. F e nce d y a rd -n ic e , b ig d e n . o n ly 5I7.9So. E a s y f in ­ a n c in g John G ra y . 494-S33o 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
U N U S U A L B U Y . 3-2 -2, H IG H 
L A N D H IL L S . $325 m o n th Netts m g dow n 
*75-1491. 
474 1777, 
*23-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

B Y O W N E R 
2 1. S e p e rale d in in g . la rg e k itc h e n , e x tra s to ra g e a re a , v e ry la rg e y a rd . $45oo e q u ity as­ s u m e M o P a y m e n ts $ 1 1 *. 742 
K O E H L E R . S33-57S9 

A A A 
B A R G A IN 
B U Y 
3 b e ­ d ro o m s , stove , fen ce d, no d ow n . 
A p ril 1st p a y m e n t, $18$ m o 
69* 742oW AYNE S LA T E R 6 84 -6 H 9 
A A I B U Y . C o z y J b e d ro o m s , c e n tro ! a ir, no dow n. $2o clo s in g . 
A p ril I s l p a y m e n t 
*9 * 747oW AYNE S L A T E R *84 *1 *9 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 3 b e d ro o m , I b a in , d o u b le d e ta c h e d g a ra g e , c e n tra l h e a l-o ir. c a rp e t, fire p la c e , nice oaks, 2 $8 o c re s $4,ooo e q u ity a n d a s s u m e p a y m e n ts 
Im m e d ia te possession 
SODTH EAST REALTY 
333 4144 
M ites *5 * 2787 

C a ll 349 4371 

CODNTRY LIVING 
P ric e re d uce d on this spacious 3 bed ro om , on I a c re in E ast C en­ ti al O nly $3o,ooo C all to d a y ! 
IMMACDLATE 
H ig h la n d s 1 -1-1, p lu s n e w d e ­ ta ch e d I ( a r g a ra g e , b u ilt in k it ­ ch en , c e n tra l h e a t a n d lo w m id 
2o's p ric e la g See to d a y ! 
75°o BRICK 
B e a u tifu l l - l ' i- l w ith c e n tra l h eat ond a ir. fo rm o i liv in g d in in g , te r­ r a z z o e n t r a n c e a n d F H A a p - 
; p ra is e d a t 
$24,5oo 
H u rry 
C all to d a y ! 
123 DDMODLIN 
' C le a n 2-11 w ith h eat. a ir, u n its . and w a ll to w a ll c a rp e l, n eo r Poe 
I J r . H i o n d b u s lin e 
O n la r g e 
I fenced lo t P ric e d to soil to s t 
1632 3252 
N ile s $13 844* 

R A IN B O W H IL L S 
3 1'>. c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, c o v e re d p a tio , ro n g e , re trig A ssum e o r re fin a n c e SISO m o ., 8 't In t. $ 21 ,oo o. C h a r le s 
W aBs 
R eal 
E sta te. 
712 2918. 
712 535$ 

$ A C R E S , N e a r B la n c o , $599$. lib e ra l te rm s bv o w n e r, $34-887* 

5 ACRES 
N e a r S om erset. C o u n try liv in g o l lls bast 
H a v e g a rd e n a n d som e c h ic k e n s a n d b e a u t if u l tre e s 
C ecil O rric k 
Don S m ith B ro k e r 
735-8ooo 
4 + A C R E S N O R T H 
C o rn e r, p a v e d 2 sides, b ig tre es 
828 o*66 
73* 176* 
714 4117 
W A TS O N A SON R E A L T O R S 
2 * A cre s, R ock house on h ill h igh n e a r C a n y o n L a k e . J im A s h le y 
R eal E s ta te *84 427* 

S M A L L 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T . 
L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , J b a th h om e w ith a tta c h e d g a ro g e C o m p le te ly re d e c o ra te d in e x c itin g c o lo rs , abo ut $144 m o . te rm s open 
W A R E 
R E A L T Y 
734 o1*3 
S M A L L 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T , 
L o v e ly I b e d ro o m , J b a th h om e w ith a tta c h e d g a ro g e C o m p le te ly re d e c o ra te d in e x c itin g c o lo rs . 
$1*o m o, $5oo dow n 
W A R E R E A L T Y 
734-o191 
VA A P P R A IS E D A T $17,ooo. n ice 
2 b e d ro o m on b ig , b io lo t n e o r 
K in g s b o ro u g h O w n e r o n x io u s . c a ll now 
H U G H E S A B R ISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
111 9358 

17% A c re s , som e b ru s h . South of 
N e w B ra u n fe ls , p a v e d fro n ta g e . la rg e m o b il h o m e , lo rg e b o rn 
O w n er w ill fin a n c e W ill c o n sid e r s e llin g l l a c re s to T e x -V e t, fo r in to 
*75-7118 o r a fte r 
* p m 
*2$ $822 
5 a cre s, S tagecoach H ills , h e a v ily w o o d e d , w a te r o n d e le c t r ic it y , 
$7o,ooo, o w n e r tin a n c e d -if d e s ire d 
342-1231, 878 $4o* M ites 

A D A M S H IL L 
O v e r HOO sq ti of lu x u rio u s liv ­ in g 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath w ith w o o d b u rn in g fire p la c e 
C a r p e t , r a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , p r iv a c y fe n c e , c o v e r e d p o lio . 
D y n a m ite va lue a l $18,5oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K e lly L o c k la n d R e alty 
*74 1211 
B A C K O N M A R K E T , V A A p ­ p ra is e d a t $13,4oo w ith new ro o t, re a l n ice 7 b e d ro o m on cut-de sac, a good b u y , c o ll n ow . o w n e r a n xio u s 
H U G H E S A BR ISC O E 
974 4311 
R E A L T O R S 
47$ o49* 
125x12$ I t lo t, s m o ll re p a ir a b le 
•f E 'V V . . L * " hom e, $75oo N e a r S Z o rz o m o ro 
B E L A IR E , 3 b e d ro o m , on n ic e '924-811*. 317 4877 

V A L L E Y H I A M E R IC A N A ! I l l, a pp lia n ces, c e n tro ! h e a l and a ir, 
$217 m o 
*7$ 1*91, 
*21 572o, 
*74 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
W A L K TO L A C K L A N D S B A C K 
G A T E 4 b ed ro om s. 7 b ath s, c a r- pet. no dow n. $25o to m o ve in 
49* 747oW AYNE SL AT E R 474 4124 
W O M E N !! S in g le s . D iv o rc e e s . 
W in d o w s , y o u c a n be a h o m e o w n e r it you h ave the d e s ire We h a v e the k n o w le d g e to h elp you buy C oll now 
H U G H E S A BR ISC O E 
924 4311 
R E A L T O R S 
133 9158 

 c o rn e r, b e a u titu l c a rp e tin g a n d pan eled fa m ily ro o m 
V A F H A fo rm * 
924 42o9 a l l R E A L T Y 
$33 7987 I 

B y O w n er 3 2-1 p ius den ond K it c h e n e ite , n e o r L a c k la n d A F B 
$3.$oo e q u ity $221 per m o n th Cad o n y d o y o tte r lp m *7$ 2891 

E Y O W N E R 
4 Room s a nd both 
H a rd w o o d B oors, a ir co n d itio n e d . w a ll ro m a n c e , fenced y a rd , la rg e g a ra g e , co n v e n ie n t to bus lin e ana s c h o o ls 
K E L L Y T F R R A C I . 
R E A S O N A B L E , *73 1717_________ 
B y O W N E R , spacious 3-3-2. fa m i­ ly rm fire p la c e , fo r m a l H y in g , d in in g , c o n tro l H A 
7 % *. 
V A 
*7 * 91*2 

H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

SO 
A C R E S 
S T R A W B E R R Y 
F A R M 
P ote et c o u n try , o il m in e ra ls 
73* 17*4 
878 o6*$ 
31111*1 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
9 A C R E S , w ith a cce ss lo c re e k , n o th in g d o w n , $7o IO m o 
J im 
A shley R e a lty J i i 7774___________ 
J 42 a cre s w ith 3 b e d ro o m hom e. $ m ile s E a s t o f S o m e rs e t on I M 
1518 
311 315o A R T H U R V E L T - 
M A N N R E A L T Y _________________ 
12 AC R E S w ith fro n ta g e on Son 
A nto nio R iv e r, lu s t south of Loop 
41o, fro n ta g e on V ille m in e Rd 
5 liv in g u nits 
T e rm s . o w ner fin a n ce d 
H U G H E S A B R ISC O E 
974 4131 
R E A L T O R S 
1 **3 6597 
6 % A C R E S w ith to n k . sophc ta n k , 
E a s t C e n tra l w o te r. e le c tr ic ity , te le p h o n e c o n n e c tio n s , c y c lo n ic la nce 6*7 1192 a tte r * P M 

Vernon S cM a rd t 
*84 lo ts 
Root E sta te 
*84 4471 homeowners 
C e n t u r y 21 
M A R K E T IN G S E R V IC E 
I 
• 

O U T o f T O W N O W N E R w o n ts a uick s o l* o* th is 4 b e d ro o m honey o l o hom e in H ID D E N FO R R E S T a B e a u tifu l o p p iio n c e d k itc h e n , 
2' > baths, lo rm a l liv in g ond d in in g 
O w n er, w a lk in g d is ta n c e to fu tu re room s, fire p la c e in fa m ily ro o m m a ll 1 2 2. e le c tric k itc h e n w ith 

T H U N D E R B IR D V IL L A G E 
3-2-1. N o th in g d ow n . $2*5 m o n th . 
*75 1*91, *74 1777, 421 572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
T O W N V I E W 
E S T A T E S , 
B v 

P e r io d c o r n u tin g d is t a n c e 
$69,9oo 124 o121 A N Y T IM E 

PERFECTION 
B e s t d e s c rib e s th is I b e d ro o m hom e in F o re s t O oks L o ca te d on a q uie t c u t de sac. c lo s * to schools a nd sh o p p in g T h is lo v e ly hom o 
•c o lu r e s s e p a ra te liv in g ro o m d in in g ro o m w ith S altillo tile llo o i o n d la rg e fa m ily ro a m w ith t ile pioce B etter c o il to d a y ' P ric e d a t 
$45,*oo This one won t la s t! 

344-42o7, 484 433o A n y tim e 

P L A N T S 'N TH IN G S w ill be n ap py on s h u tte re d p o rc h . 
2 I. dram a big tryin g ro o m 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 128 2621 

PKIFE8REo PROPfBH'l 

(o v e r $ 1oo,8o8) 

M a r y M o n t R x c lu s H 
. o n le m p o r o r y s u r r o u n d s g a r 

 i e tn a , c u s to m d ro p e s , fa m ily 
I r i w i w ith p a rq u e t flo o rs , s e p a r­ ate i.v in g ro o m , b re a k fa s t ro o m , 
{la u n d ry lo o m . h ug e m a s te r be 
I d ro o m , p lu m b in g to r so ft w o te r 
$39 SOO A tte r $ *81 1o9*__________ 

T O W N V IE W E S T A T E S I 2 2 w ith s u n k e n liv in g ro o m . c a th e d r a l 
I ce ilin g s , fire p la c e , A M F M in te r- j com , o nd a p p lia n c e s 414 7141 

BED CARPET 

TR I L E V E L in C A S T LE H IL L S 
C ustom b u ilt 3-2 2 w ith to ra * g a m e ro o m . a d o p ta b le floor p ion tor 4th b e d ro o m A ll ro c k hom e on % o c re n eo r L e *. N im iti o nd 
Jackson V o l we p ric e d JO* 
1 J* * *3*4 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 144 2991 
| Tw in C reek, bv o w n e r. 4 2-2. tire 
: piece, b ric k . S4o.ooo. a ssum e $32* p utts, e q u ity $4,7oo *o4 817* 

UNIVERSITY OAKS 

B Y O W N E R 
, 1 2 , 2 . B ric k 2 S to ry, to e p la te . 
ICUI do s a c , n e a r U T S A . U S A A . quiet wooded o re o . *43,9oo A tte r j I ' H B M *o4*2o* 
W A N T A C R E A G E I L iv e in H IL L 
{C O U N T R Y V IL L A G E 
L o v e ly 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b th s . h o m e o n a p 
U n iq u e i p ro x im a te ly 2 a c re *, w h ere peace a n d a u io t a b o u n d s , p o o l. b a th 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T ORS 
D e li! re s t new hom e, b ric k I 2 7, fire p la c e , c e n tra l h ea t a na a ir 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R i i i o*4o 
441-3122 

•DENVER HEIGHTS* 
R O O M Y 2 B E D R O O M H O M E , 
M O V E IN . W IT H S M A L L DOW N 
OWNER W ill CARRY NOTE 
Veterans Move in Free! 
ALLSTATE REALTORS 
1o58 
Bandera Rd. 
433 329S 

 f AST C E N T R A L 
$ a c re s . 
E a s t 
C e n t r a l w a it e r a v a ila b le R e fin a n ce a r o w ner c a rry 

ERA 
S 3 ] J1o7 

E a s t C e n tr e l. d ro om s. 7 botas 

DoN1 BRING MONEY 
B rin g y o u r p a in t b ru s h , ne dow n p a y m e n t to a nyo ne 3-4 b ed ro om s, 
! 2 b a th s , s o m e w ith a ir o n d a ll a p p lia n ce s 
P a ym e n ts less tha n 
| re n t. 
BOB D eP A O LO 
| 532 6261 
R E A L T O R 

F U L L Y re d e c o ra te d ) b e d ro o m s. q u ie t p re tty s tre e t n ea r L a c k la n d 
{O n ly $2oo d ow n . P a y m e n ts $15* m o n th ly No c re d it? No ii.o b te m ! 
|*22 12o*. *74 75o*. *71 4714 
P A T MC V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
{G A T E W A Y T E R R A C E , N e x t to 
L o c k la n d , fre s h ly p o in te d 3 be d ro o m , 2 b oth hem e w ith o a ra g e , 
{h a s a ir a nd a p p lia n c e s 
$11,7oo 
No dow n V A lo an *74 $411 

RED O R F E ! 
H A R L A N D A L E 
No Q u a lify in g , 
1*2-2. s e p a ra te d in .n o ro o m , a ir- j h o o t, c a r p e t in g 
$1ooo d o w n i O w n er finance SH,*oo W ill tro d e i B e v e r R p a tty 523-2414 
H E R IT A G E F A R M 3 s to r y , 3 2 
| ' i-2 w ith G o ry poo l 
W e! b a r in fa m ily ro o m th e rm a l w in d o w s 
E q u ity and assum e 
C e n t u r y 21 a e r * . I b e 
R R R A N S O M R E A L T Y *71 77o1 

JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
448 33o7 

. . • u s tre e fo rm pool C u stom ized fe a tu re s in c lu d e c o m p le te e x e i c is * ro o m w ith sa un a o nd w h irl pool Can M r fu rth e r d e ta ils ond spociaN v p re p a re d b ro t h u t* 

C o s h * M ills E s ta te s , lu x u r y tm ou oh o ui J s to ry co lo n ia l. S o r * b ed ro om s, tar m o i liv in g g od dm m g f ir e p la c e in fo m ily lo o m s e p a ra te Q u a rte rs , o v e r s * te d h ealed pool 

E x e c u t iv e h o m e o n 2 a c r e s o v e rlo o k in g C a n y o n C re e k G o lf 
( o u i* * $ J % la rg e fa m ily lo o m w e to a r, s e pa ra te dram a, g o u rm e t kite hon 

 for horses N E School {C h u rc h ill a re a ) COH 4*4 7*61 A N Y T IM E 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
*22 I M I 

E C e n tra l Schools This super im m a c u la te one o w n e r hom e is a m u tt se* A re a l c h a rm e r 
3 b e d ro o m s. 2 b a th s , clo sets o o lo re , 2 c a r g a ra g e 
P a tio , p r iv a c y to h c g d , a c c e s s ta s w im m in g p o o ls o n d te n n is c o u rts A ssum e o r re fin a n c e 

HIGHLANDS 3 OR 4 BDRM 
B ric k trim , 1oo4 soft c g rp e l c e ntro !, c o rn e r, b ig B oos. *44 #171 
828 o6*5 
71* 17*4 
714 41 17 
W AT JO N 4 SON R E A LT O R S 

ERA 
S3! 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
448 33o7 

W. CRAIG ? BIORMS 
Si.SB* dow n o w n e r c a rry , m c * 
828 o**6 
73* 176* 
71* 41 17 
W ATSO N 4 SGN R E A L T O R S 

W E I L . H i R T 
F e e l h ills C r o n ie s N o rm A re a . 
3 2 I Sunken h y in g ro a m , boo m e d den. lo ts a t s to ra g e , h u g * o a k . d r a p e x 
O w n *' 
S a u n a a n d l u r . , p e e l 
C u s to m 
O w n . / U c Y / * V spanish $4. study h y in g ararao 
U L ™ f a m ily ro a m w ith f i r e p l g i * re v e re d p alm , s u n d e r* i o u pa 
Ira on 2 lots c e n ti a lly loc ated 

M a g n ific e n t * b e d ro o m s tu d y p o o l g a b r o tt o v e r lo o k in g g a ll c o u rs e d e s ig n e r a p p o in tm e n ts 
» c i r p m age 

WEST HERMINE 
OR B lanco, s p a rk lin g chron I be d ro o m , I b o m m o d e l k itc h e n , i a r e e l m e pa net* d bon, 341 7 2o1 u t A ltO R S 

" F IR S T T IM # "O N M A R K E T 
• ATTENTION • 
See th is p r e tty r a m b le r . 3 3 2, b u ilt in k itc h e n c o n tro l heat. an 
O eta chb d b u ild in g to r p la y ro o m o r w o rk s h o p 
N e a r s h o p s 
G it 
R igsby $38 *4 * CON 12* 2)47 

Thelma B. Preissman 

H igh lo na MiNs Na g u e ttty m g ra n king to r a good d ea l 
See in » spotless 2 bv Pi o w n hom e, lu r ae v o id H eea la nce d 

7 n e w d u p le x e s FIC s o b d iv iflo n n e o r W alford HOU a n d L a c k la n d 
A F B Ono has a 3 b e d ro om , I b ath 
• u n it a nd a 7 b e d ro om , I b a th u nit 
The o th e r has a 3 b e d ro om . 3 b a in am t ond a 2 b e d ro o m I bath u n it 
B e d ro o m s o nd H y in g p ro a s o re 
{ f u lly c a r p e t e d 
K it c h e n s a r e eq u ip p e d w ith ra n ge , d is h w a s h e r. d is p o s a l a nd re fn g e r a to i 
G ood in c o m e p o te n tia l 
F o r v ie w in g . 
COH * 7 ) $81) A N Y T IM E 

 j m l h u h l i l 
ITT K GODDU 
C le a n ) b e d ro o m in e s ta b lis h e d a re g near sc hog! In clu d e s ra n ge r e fr ig e r a to r , ta r g e t a n d te n te d y a r d 
E a r ly o c c u p a n c y 
L e w p a y m e n t s a n d e q u ity 
B r ic e i i * SIJ 
Fez d e ta ils and vie w in g. cgN e n m t a n y t im e 

2 1 8 H o U S 1 S MOVED 

N E W ! 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , 15*8 
S (^ ^ ^ 2 o jo o o 4 2 £ 1 $ 4 4 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
?2i) ■ musts itim m t 

 l l ) a c re s f r o n t in g h ig h w a y 3$ 
SOUth lu s t N E Of F M 1*o4 A IOSCO sa w a te r on la nd , p ric e d to sell 
O w n er fin a n c e d 
W B 
A T K IN S 
22 8441 

226 SUBURBAN W H IT Y 

DEVINE R U in 
D e v in e , T « x a $ 
I 6*3 4558 
SA M utt UM 626 12oo 

A C R E A G E H O M E SI TE $ 
N W e t S an A n to n ia in B o x a r . 
C om al. K e n d a ll Co s 
I l l a c re s o r M o re 
DON SMITH CO 
*98-2*48 
B R O K E R 
*98 22*1 
A cre a g e tra c ts , s m a ll dow n. sm a ll 
' m o n th ly , b e a u tifu l o oks, no ro c k 
OC ( " ' o r C olt M u g 
342 251* 
{ A e r*o o « t r a it s s m a ll daw n. s m a ll m o n th ly , b e a u tifu l oaks, no ro c k 
I o r co de r C oll M ugge 34 3 2 61* 
I A cre a g e tra c ts s m a ll d ow n, sm a ll 
I m o n th ly , b e a u tifu l ooks, no ro c k of co d o r Cotl M a y o * 342 251* 
A C R E A G E T R A C T S , H e lo te s i C reek R a nch L o w L ow dow n 
I *84 4211 o r 751 *942 
I 
P IO N E E R R E A*. TY 
. 17 A e ro * a t $*9$ a c re o ft t i l , 
! P re tty o a k s . e x c e lle n t h u n tin g jim A shley B r a i E sto te *8 * 437* 
! I % A c re s $3, $88.’ b e h in d 'C o m a ! 
{ e le m e n ta ry a n d J r H i S ch o o ls 
COH o tte r *. 337 ««$5 

3 ACRES 
B etw een New B ra u n fe ls a nd Can i y o n L a k e 
$ «*$ p e r o c r e 
B ill 
Hughes B ro k e r 1*2 W H________ 

3* A C R E S 
B u lv e rd e Rd. lu s t IO m in g le s tra m 
1*8*. 8 w ooded a c re s to b u ild yo ur hom e, about 3* o cre s in a e s tu re , 
C ib o la C r e e k f r o n t a g e 
D e e r g a lo re 341-7381, n ile * 341 8294 

JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 
6 A cres. C anyon I ok# o ro a . noth rag dow n, *49 4* m o J im A shley 
ROPtty 33* 7774 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
A s p e c ta c u la r v ie w . o b s tru c te d o nly bv lo rg e o aks G a rd e n soil. la n c e d , goo d w e ll, o v e r 7 a c re s 
O w ner w ill fin a n c e R o b e rt S m ith , 
498 2893 Or 4*4 *777 
B A N D E R A A R E A : C h o ic e 3 8 a c re lo t in B a n d e ra R iv e r R anch d e v e lo p m e n t A ll u tilitie s , re a d y to r b u ild m p , r i v t r fro n ta g e ac c e s s 
P o o l a n d te n n is 
O w n e r 
G e rry P o rk e r 73* 1989 *84 8184 

IO b e a u tifu l o c ro s , oak c o v e re d h illto p , o nly 34 m ile s n o rth of 1*o4 on H w y 111. T e rm s tr a d e c o n ­ sid e re d Joe C u nm an 
B O B JO N E S . R E A L T O R 
_____________ 3*4-13*1 

B y O w ner, o ld e r 6 ro o m s . I a c re tre es, 3o m in, S outhw est S A L ow { ta x e s , C ity p o lic e , w a te r , g a s , | s c h o o ls 
In c o m e p o t e n t ia l fo r i m o b ile hom es, $22,ooo I **3 4431 
B Y O W N E R S 
B oe rn e C ity T i nu Is I 
O ld n a tiv e r o c k h o m e 
E x t r a la rq e c o rn e r lo t C a rp e l g ra s s , 
P ecan trees, 2 b e d ro o m s , I bath, ro ck fire p la c e . D IO a ft W a lk in g d ista n ce lo sh op ping c e n te rs and post o ffice . $37,ooo, T e rm s cosh 
I 249 2o47 or I 996 7381 
___ 

COUNTRY DREAM 
B e a u tifu l 4 y r old. 7 s to ry C olom a! h o m e , on 45 a c re s . J u s t 2o m i. 
S o u th o f 
S A 
5 
B e d r o o m s , 
4 % b a th s. la rg e liv in g a re a w ith b a r, s e p a ra te d in in g ro o m . 46oo sq tt o l liv in g a re o 
L a rg e s to re 
: ro o m ond b o th w ith sh o w e r, o ft 3 
! c o r c a r p o r t 
F e n c e d o n d so w n 1 w ith c o a s ta l b e r m u d a 
L a r g e 
I b o rn a nd dog ke nn els C ity w a te r, i p r ic e d to s e ll b v o w n e r . C a ll 
I P7* 
For a p p o in tm e n t 
C O U N T R Y E S T A T E 
: 8 b e o u titu l o a k c o v e r e d a c re s I 
L o v e ly old ro c k h om o, c o m p le te ly I m o d e rn iz e d G loss e nclosed la m e 1 
Iv ro o m , lo rm a l liv in g ro o m ond 
' d ra m a ro o m 
J u s t m in u te s fro m j 41o M o re In fo rm a tio n in o ffic e 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L I ID A Y 
481 o3Q8________ 
C O U N T R Y F E E L I N G 
O A K V IL L A G E N O R T H Top of h ill, I o c re c le a re d , v ie w O w n e r anxio u s, assum e 
A P P R 2 A C N E S , fla t b e a u tifu l lond. P ra n c in g D e er D r R educed 
$12,ooo 
79 A C R E S , s o u th s m a ll h o m e 
W ell, m o n y tre es, fen ce d $12,ooo 
IO 
A C R E S , h ig h k n o ll n e a r 
B e rg h e im , o w ne r c a r r y 
$158o down 
S C E N IC LO O P , c re e k s , h ills , ap p ro x 7 a c re s M a ke o tte r SIS,4oo 
G R E Y F O R E S T , o 746 a c ie s , a i tra c tiv e lo ca tio n , p ric e d to sell 
$48oo 
484 7171 
499 oo6* 
413 1747 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G . 7o O d e s ll r lo o te d lo nd w ith nice ro c k hom e. la r g e s w im m in g p o o l. 6 m ile s I f r o m c it y lim it s , t o r s a le b v o w ne r 734 41o3 

1ooo C U R T IS S C H E R T Z 
3 7 1. c o rn e r lo t, a ir. hoot, m a n y e x tra s $71,5oo 4 58 24o4__________ 
I os! cent a re o. 7 I hom e. 2' i or 
648 UTO LG R IP P S R L T Y *48 o441 
G U A D A L U P E R IV E R L O T nea r 
C a n y o n L a k e id e a l to r r e in o m en! hom e or w e eke n d re tre a t 
118 fe e l o f w a le r fro n ta g e 
B y < 
O w n er 874 78*4 or 4*4 8977 

 a nd lo ts of va lue in th is S panish 
R a m b le r on 6% w ooded a i n s 
6 m inu tes fro m N o rth S tar M o ll 
4 b e a u titu l b e d ro o m s . 3' . b a th s , g orge ou s fa m ily ro o m w ith stone fire p la c e 
C h a rm in g h o s t ro o m w ith w e t b a i. s p a c io u s g o u rm e t k it c h e n , m a n y e x t i a s 
F ir e p ro o fe d s ta b le s w ith c o rra ls 
It you can u tto rd the best, see this d e s ira b le hom e 344 8348 

T R I A S U R l 
IS L A N D . J 7 7 on la ke, M C Q U E E N E Y , By O w n e i a ll b r ic k , d e lu x e th r u o u i b e s t fis h in g , s k iin g , b o a tin g , on lu k e 
B o a ! h o u s e w ith e le c tr ic h o is t, tre e s a u lo i e b e a u tifu lly la n d s ro p e d 669 6oo I 657 51 16 

G race Arnold 
_______R E A L T O R S M L 5 ________ 
MOUNTAIN VIEW 
SI A cre s, l l A c re s , or 2o A c re s 
C lo se in . id e a l to r th a t c o u n try liv in g C e cil O rric k 
I------------------- 
Don S m ith B ro k e r 
735 8ooo I 9*1(1 
U lm 

I 
S 
M 
— 
L a rg e s ite to r M o b ile , re a d y lo ! m o v e on to 
$41oo 
N a m e y o u r ■ te rm s 
L a k e c ro tt 
R e ol 
E o ta le . > 
494 3419____________________________ j 

N W , b e tw e e n M e d in a L a k e a nd 
P ipe C ree k, 2 b e d ro o m hom e and im p ro v e m e n ts on 4% a c re s 
Ad d itio n a l a c re a g e a v o il 
5)7,9oo 
I *11-18o9. 
__________________ 

N J . SA 
{ F o r a s h o rt tu n * o nly, I a n d 2 o c re tra c ts , fro m $66oo. w e ll re s tric te d 
W ater and u tilitie s , o n ly m in u te s tom U TS A , L A K E C R O F T H E A L 
I E S T A T E , 3*2-1641________________ 

ONE OR TWO ACRES 
B e a u tifu l tre es, g a rd e n soil, n ea r 
S o m e rs e t $5o d ow n a n d 67o M o 
O w ner h n a n re J im L e e r 684 >o44 
O UT SAN P E D R O l l m ile s fro m 
1*o4 
2,4.7, l l o r 27 A c re tro c ts 
O w ner fin a n ce d 

U P P E R I A K E P L A C ID 
S E G U IN M C Q U E E N Y A R I A 
125 F t B e a u tifu l w a te rfro n t 
B ig fa m ily hom e and o r hom e and in com e 
H ig h lo c a tio n , m a n y ex 
H as P riv a te a re a L ow $4o'S 
7)6 oo16, 6V6 o437. 499 OOI) 
B E A U L A H 
M A I 
K E L L E R . 
R e a l t o r ___ 

“ w a n t C O A S TA L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n s a s P ass or P o rt A ra n s a s 
O O U O lAS A N D E PSON 
8o3 Ga r d ing 
7)2 1167 
W IL L S E L L e q u ity in C o lo ra d o o rre a a e o r w ill H a d e fo r T r io s c o s ta l p ro p e r Iv o r M in i m o lo i hom e Send re p lie s lo I X P H f SS 
NEW S BOX 4491. SAN A N T O N IO 
TX 78797 ______________________ _ 
1oX65' F ro n tie r, tu rn 3 b e d ro o m s t ip o u t llv tn g r o o m , lo c a te d on 
L a k e D u n lo p , 76 n u n fro m S A 
I $4,26o 663 o667 

17 A D J O IN IN G 6ox16o lo ts , o il 
{ R iqsbv n e a r Loop 41o T o to ! p ric e 
151,ooo 
O w n e r w ill f in a n c e 
: 921 4127. *24 7927 

R o n a l d W i l l i a m s o n 
B Y O W N E R 
L O T . I 6 a c re s 
H elotes P a rk E sta tes P ric e d to r q u ic k sole 113 77*1 
_________ 

• CASTIE H1US LOTS • 
H o n e ysu ckle 11o X 15o. $76,ooo 
W o ttlin 28 X 2o7 X 196, $16,6oo 
876 2147 
R E A L T O R S 

Thelma B. Preissman 

INVEST • INCOME 
• RETIRE • 

♦ 4 4 6 A C R E S u n im p ro v e d 

 ro n c h ia n d SE o f S e g u in , EM J p a v e d ro o d 
W e ll lo c a te d I 

 a n d sh a p e d fo r ra n c h e tte in 

 v e s tm e n t p o te n tia l 
Scenic j 

 h ills a n d v a lle y s . 
E xce lle n t 

 d e e r a re a 
S h a llo w c a rriz o 

 w a te r sand. Just $ 5 5 o pet 

 a c re . Easy term s 

4 o 2 A C R E S h ig h ly im 

 p ro v e d irrig a te d w o rk in g I 

 ra n c h . NE W ils o n C o 
3 2 5 I 

 o c re s C o o s ta l B e rm u d a , 7 o I 

 a c re s in fie ld 
IO p a s tu re s 

I 8 o o G P M irrig a tio n w e ll I 

 a n d e q u ip m e n t 
E x c e lle n t! 

 e q u ip p e d w o rk in g pens 

 la r g e h a y b o rn , m o d e rn | 

 b u n k h o u s e 
1 2 o o o r m o re c o w u n it, just 
$ 6 7 5 per j 

 a c re or firm o fte r 

2 1 4 A C R I slo ck ra n c h , I 

 n e a t 
G o n z a le s W a rm 

S p rin g s 
A rte s ia n w e ll, 
2 

 d u g w e lls , s e v e ra l ta n k s , | 

IO O a c re o p e n cre e k v a lle y 

E x c e lle n t n a tiv e grasses 

S om e 
C o a s ta l 
B e rm u d a 

P ort fie ld S om e p e c a n h o e s [ 

Id e o l fo r m o re l 
5 o 1 

 a c re s w o o d e d D e e r, d o v e ! 

 a n d q u a il h u n tin g 
O ld , o ld 

 m p ro v e m e n ls , b u t 
(u*91 

$ 5 7 5 p e r a c re or d e a l 

* 
IO O 
A C R E S n a tu ra l I 

 w o o d e d , scenic h ill a n d | 

 v a lle y , sm all fie ld , p rim e 

 d e e r a re a , sa nd y lo a m so il, | 

 p a v e d ro a d , e ast o f S eg u in, 

O n ly $ 5 7 5 p er a c re , 

5 7 
S C E N IC 
S iC lU D C D I 
A C R E S , 
S ou th o f 
S eg u in 

 o ff H w y 
1 2 3 le g a l o u tle t, I 

 g o o d d e e r a re a , 3 5 a cre s I 

 g o o d c o a s ta l, re st n a tu ra l I 

 w o o d e d , w e ll fe n c e d , g o o d I 

1 6 . 1 6 c a b in 
O n ly 
$ 7 9 5 1 

 pee acre . 

2 5 S C E N IC A C R E S , S o u th ] c f S eg u in, sem i s e c lu d e d o n ] 

 d e a d e n d 
C o u n ty ro a d 

A b o u t 
Vj irre g u la r p o s tu re ! 

 fie ld s , re st n a tu ra l! 

 w o o d e d , se aso na l c re e k ,] g o o d d e e r, som e .lo v e 
J u s t! 

$ 7 5 o p e i o cre. 

I O A C R E S , a ll fie ld , S W 

 o f 
S e g u in , p a v e d ro a d , s h a llo w w e ll, w a te r I 

 a v a ila b le 
M ix e d m e s q u ite ! 

 s o il, id e a l tru c k fa rm 

 h o m e is te 
O n ly $ 1 3 5 o p e r i 

MBitibBr TERA In c . 

$•• ut for o th B f lutings 

All ti ins o n d typos 

 lot’s Talk It Ovorl 

CARLOS BRAWNER REALTY | 

379 5947 
Seguin, lo x e s | 

SOI I. Finsbury, P O Box I I H 

R E A L T O R S I * » * 742QWAVHT S LA TE R I* * o 9)6 717 2241 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
| H ills 
B u ild n ow o r h o ld fo r In 
I ve stm e n t T e rm s a v a ila b le $3,8oo 
I lo 5*ooo R o ve d s tre e ts AH u tlli lie s N e a r S chools ond shopping 
N e a r B a n d e ra R d a n d B e n ru s 
D r 
For d e ta ils c o ll L ou ts F lo ra s, 

O ve r I o c re in Oak H ill R anches 
M e te r e d w a te r s y s te m 
$15oo 
924 e n * . 137 4977 
H Y A T T RF A t E S T A T E 

PIPE CREEK 
7 G O OD O N E S HE R E I 
I A c re s for *2)oo 
6 aces to r $46oo 
$1oo dow n, T e rm s L a k e c ro tt R eal 
E stole, 342 1*41 
P L E A S A N T V A L L E Y E S T A T E 
S Owner 
B ric k J 7 7, 17oo L iv in g a re a , fire p la c e , 4% a c re s , tre e s 
H w y 4*. 4 m i B oe rn e School bus 
$64,SOO ) l l * 2192 

R IV E R F R O N T 6 A C R E S 

B e o u titu l c rv s tq l c le a r w a le r 
$8*5 d o w n p a y m e n t. $134 62 p er m o O w n er fin a n c e d C a ll 
7)4 9698 

1.9 ACRES 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
O ak tre e stu d d e d o c re . ie m ile s ' n o r th o f to w n 
N o s w o te r a n d i e le c tric ity on w id e p o ve d ro o d s I 
O w n e r m u s t s e ll q u ic k ly , lit t le d o w n w il l f in a n c e b a la n c e ' 
497 3751. eves, 827 9)65 

4 Bedroom in Traitoood 
N ew e x q u is ite ro c k Home on a 2 i a c re b e a u tifu lly w o o d e d I r o c l I 
E x tro la rg e 78x37 fa m ily liv in g 1 a rg o w ith t o r te ro c k fire p la c e . 2' i I b o th *, u tilitie s p iu s m a n y o th e r ' e x tra s to r the best in c o u n try liv 
Ina b oth in d o o rs o nd o ui, a n d only 
IS m in u te s fro m W o n d e rla n d Go n o rth w e s t out IH -I8 . 8 m ile s oast 
F M l*o 4 
DON SMITH CO 
*98 22*1 
B R O K E R 
*98 2*48 
1 B E D R O O M R O C K H O M E a c re s 
F ire p la c e 
L o c a te d n e a r j 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 72* 7171 

B E X A R C O U N T Y L A N D N e o r 
Loon S p rin g s 
174 8* A c re s H ills o nd V o lle y s 8* 5 H illy A cre s 
C O M A L C O U N T Y L A N O 8 5 * 
Secluded 
H ills w ith 
M o u n ta in , 
C ottage 
S O U TH B E X A R C O U N T Y SB o r 
181 A e ro * w ith w a te r 
L L L O R E Z . B R O K E R S 
________ 736 4717. 227 8287________ 

BOERNE 
A L L M A S O N R V 4 B ed ro om hom e on 4' i a e ro * in th e c o u n try 
2 S T O R Y B R IC K H O M E w ith 4 b ed ro om o n d 2' i b ath s to r o nly 
$35,588 
1 * AC R E S W IT H O a r don soil south et B oe rn e 
F R E T T Y N A T IV E R O C K hom e 
1 w ith 3 b e d ro o m s . I ' , b ath s, tire 

 m w n m v 
; ACTO RS 
B o e rn e 34* 1$74 
N ile s 74* 284o. 24* 82*4 
S A till e t t lin e 82* *112 

I o c re w ith b e a u tifu l O ak trees y o u r o w n w a te r I r o n ! T e r m s o v o ilo b le 4*7 37$). 874 o85o 

HEAD WATERS Of 
LITTLE BIANCO RIVER 
R a n c h e r c u ttin g up h is ra n c h 
E lim in a te the m id d le m a n s or e ft! 
( n o rm a lly m a d e b y d e v e lo p e !) the s a vin g s w ill be p assed on in you $5 to ? (H e w m u c h do yo u w a n t) A cre s fro m shoo a er a c re 
H B C INC, B R O K E R 872 121* 

HELOTES 
5 o c re s . good ro a d . w e ll. fe n c e 
N ice tre e s F o r s o l* o nd h n o n c e d bv ow ner *96 8*85, **6 37o5 

SE Near Laverma 
T h is 2 o c re * et good so il is o nly m in fro m C a lo y e r** , a n d a p e r le c t h o m e site $7,32o. HOO d ow n. 
17 y e a rs to pay C a ll a n d ask to r 
John 
*77 7*41 
H I S . 
R E A L 
E S T A T E ______________ 

 i S O U T H 
2 % a c to s , u t i lit ie s 
$5,88o up T e rm s , *2 * 1544 
S P A R K L IN G 
W A T E R 
G u a d a lu p e R iv e r. S * a c re s , cv p re ss a nd pee on tre es 
7)7 **82 H 
C ostle R e a lty 4 *2 *43* j^ e d f ^nro" 

C o m m e rc ia l lots. a ll s ite s , also a few c o m m e rc ia l bides 
734 64)4 C P K O SUB 34 2 o143 
C o rn e r lo t, K e n tw o o d M o n o !, 
J I SOO M u st Sell 4*4 J J U ________ 

JUST I ISTE D ! 47’ X l l * ' L o v e ly le ve l lo t on N V a n d iv e r 
W a lk in g d is ta n c e lo N o rth w o o d E le m e n to r y a n d St 
P iu s C h u rc h 
E o s y lin u m IMO 874 O IH A N Y T IM E 

 l o t s OF V A L U E • 
P o rte d lo ca tio n s tor yo u r d re a m hom e or p rp c tu o l place s to i yo ur 
: business take y o u r ch oice fro m 
A p p ro x 
I a c t * in H o lly w o o d 
P o rk lo ad e d w ith tre e s ! IU .8 o o 
I L o v e ly tut tor b u ild in g e t in v e s t 
I m e n l 
(p ric e d b elo w m a ik e t) 
*),*So 
P r im * le t in 
M O N T E 
V IS T A T R IN IT Y a re a SIJ OOO 
Z o n e d fo r r e t a il lo t. n e a r B e l 
M e a d* sh op ping ce n te r 111,SOO 
C A LL 874 **31 
Guy Chipman Co 
R E A L T ORS 
_ 
I I J I M T 
L A U R E L 
I I a u re i Sub D iv is io n 

LIVI OAK COUNTY 

25o Acres north of H it** livers 

AH in brush, load frontage, with 

 minerals SJ/S pet one 
, 

7oo ACRES 

13 miles west of (ompbeHlon. 

 paved load frontage, mobile 

 homo, barn, pens, arrosion well 

 pith leservow, good loostal, ideal for hay operation, minerals 

 available S425 poi one 

VISTLAND 

C o r p u s C h r is t i 

8 5 4 . 1 o 1 5 

TWIT 
ATT 

 too ACHS 
M M pro I AK IB 
ISO M B B 
Nm * UhriM• Oro tn«k, ISIS pro* WU 
I I M B O IS 

(«*««*y Urn BH**, gwW 
IVOO pro* i n lo.ooo bors 
VB! YEMM COUNTY 
U lt 

Of OBOT GBB VIS B f BIT OB 
17* 94*1 
IMM.. I. I toe 

HILL CO PROPERTIES 

12 4 a cre s, only 
$18o8 p e r a c re i i i b e a u t if u l a c r e * w it h m o d e rn m o b ile hom es P ric e d to sell im m e d ia te ly 

T o e* up p a * m o n is on '• a cre N O fo r h o m e b u ild in g 
W o te r, c ity u tilitie s M r F e tte r, 47* 777* 
I to ) W ooded Ac ooon soil. N ot 
S A Ju st o utsid e B e x a r Co 
I r n 4487 H 
C ostle R e a lty 4*2 *43* 

TWO A C R E S OF R IV I R” 
N o r th o n G u a d a lu p e 
S c e n ic woods and to p so il 
H ig h above a d e a r c le a n g ra v e l b o tto m riv e r 
$ 17 ,98 8 
O w n o r w ill f in a n c e 
R o b e r t S m ith . 4 *8 2841. it ne a n sw er 4*4 *777 

TWO A C R E S OF B IV E R 
N o r th o n G u a d a lu p e 
S c e n ic woods ond to p so il 
H ig h above n 
Cioar cle an g ra v e l b o tto m riv e r 
S II *o o 
O w n e r w il l fin a n c e 
R o b e r t S m ith 
*9 8 2 8 *1 , it no 
I a nsw e r. *84 *777 

??8 RESORT PR8PERTIES 

A BC A U T IF U L LO T AT 

ST 
In M I 
77 fr o n t t i w ith p a v e d a lle y , id e a l fo r m in lu m u m g ra s s h om e 
N e a r TU R 
I L E C R E E K C O U N T R Y C L U B , 
U S A A , e tc, 114.1 

HUNTERS 
*78 a e ro * w ith ru n n in g cre e k. h igh h ills , ond e x c e lle n t ro a d fro n ta g e B e tw e e n K e r r v ille o nd B o n d e r a $4oo p e r a c re . o w ne r w ill fin a n c e 

6 9 $ 3 5 3 3 

C o rn e r t r a c t w ith h u g e o a k s. 
T w it I B I B I e xclu sive hom es a re a. Beep ric h soil x x i e lle n ! hom e site, near 
USAA U TSA 

I* lo cate d ta a q u ie t n eighbor? y J u st 7 y rs jth tats a t or iv o< and le a d y lo m o ve in to t i * 
KON CO 
IH l l NW L E O N S PR IN G S B R IT 
6!8 2445 

48 Acres 
Cavel B ea d lu s t south et M e d in a 
B a s * 
B u n n in g c re e k 
H a s g it p ro d u c t!# )!, m in e ra ls in c lu d e d 
Com 
E ve a rngid. 
73$ *$ •$ or 
727 H O I 

 i t a c re s in t h * c ite w ith la k e 
L a rg o I o e d ig o m 
1% B ath w ith peat M a rl* e x tra * 
C A L L 4 * 4 S i l l 
A r m s t r o n g J t fl 

WE ST WOOD V II I AG B le o n oi a ted 3 t I I#news *3*8 d aw n $171 in en MMV H U B B V I 
3 B I BE A t TV *? * * * * I A uxinn « 

ERA si] no; 

LD. GOZA 
K.fcAkTQW' 11? M L 

JACK M11 CHELL &?£? 
Realtor 
*48 13o7 
Bi ojpimnces t o ^ a Z 

* * 
A em MWO 7 p u tt* 
IJ J * * 
979 1**2 

I ' § •+ * 
H 

!**••% % A M AMW* 
Kff W I l l t i l I4MM$ 

 if rn A M iM y My#* 
) 4 P i! # * 
I b ow se s n * r t h * * » t sc Boots B itte r* B d e nd San P ed ro areg. IPS, IP * 4*4 1*48 No agents 

L IK E N E W C O N D IT IO N w ith lo a d s of e x tr a s . ) 7 B ric k en I la rg e 
Jets 
C o m p le te ly tone od 
SM SM 

A C B * AGC S IZ E D TR A C TS in th * h ilt c o u n try , fro m 7 Jo 28 a c re * 
$1)88 p ar p e re up 

I 
MW f t t A m i 

BOI RNE 
CITY 
LIMITS 
Tv 
O W N E R 
NICO tr a m * a sbe stos sid ra o p i 
•behen c o m b in a tio n g a ra g e M d 
I UMM* room 
) bedroom* I b ath i IB M sa it m ea y a rd . paean tre e s w a lk in g r n t lo n e « ta s h o p p in g c e n te r* o d B est a ttic * 
$35,144 j fo rm s 
Cosh 
I 34* 3847 br j I 
^ 
^ 

W IMI tx t r a in w e t 
CAik 27$ < * * * 

CANYON UKE tTtee 
L O I • A ll U tilitie s n e a r take b oot ra m p 
H I M et $188 d ow n t i t $* m o n th to r 84 m o n th s. IS in te re s t 
LO T 
L o rg e L a k e and s w im m ra t p o o l a n d b o a t r a m p n e a r by tre e s tle o o easy te rm s 
L O T - H ig h en a h ill vie w L a rg e site toke n e a r by 
*1488 or $18o dow n $18 M ta r f t m o n th s 8% litte n si 
L O T - W a te r fr o n t n e o r s w im m in g pool a nd b o u l ta m p B eau 
Itta ! easy te rm s 
CAPT. E. JONES 

 j 
1 
3 a cre s ut b e a u tifu l M e d in a R is e r 
F ro n t p ro p e rty o y e r 3)8 tt w a te r fro n t 
3 2 b o m * 
P re tty 
O aks t$4 roe 
484 4211 Or 751 *94) 
' 
F IQ N B B B B E A L TV 
7 b e d ro o m h o m e o n P e b b le 
B each I m c * tats 
684 4711 o r FSI 9*43 
F IQ N B B B R E A L T Y 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B I L E L O T 
. 
„ 
. 
. . ___ 
. 
„ 
18 8o8 sq It fa n ta s tic vie w Fool. 
N o r t h w p s t . H o m e s r e a d y to b o a t ro m # n e a r b y 
$ it * * , t i t # m o v e in t o 
F in a n c e d 
W e dow n. t i m o a i s it 4 ) a f b 

4 V4 n o s M o n F i i o r J 4 I J4 4 » 
SAM IQ FM do ily W ill F m u m rn__ 
7 re s id e n tia l lo ts a tt San P e d ro 
1411o8 eoc h. o w n e r C o rry 
7)4 14)4 C F K O SUB 347 8 )4 ) 
V ac a n i ro t. 3 )4 D o n e ll a S t , 
I l l s HIU c e n ta l I owner 
H o y t M f o s le i y o n d e r pool Rte 
U to p ia 
I TX (J I7 ) *4 *1 4 *8 
________ 
3oo WILTSHIRE 
( b o n e T e r r e ll H ills lo c a t io n 
143x248 SJO,OOO 
ISS M IR V UIN! b e a u tifu l tre e s tu d d e d b u ild in g 
{S it* 
I I J I 288 
AHS 
IJ J ,oo8 
{83* 8478 
Frances Angel! o Neill 

W O & O i A W N ” H i l l s 
M U S T 
; SE I L. B i ow ner b e a u tifu l (OI n * i 
.tut 'r a n * , b o ite s ok. n ea r Ban j d ei a f i t ond B e m u s D r 
17 888 i n i n t_____________ 

?3? I ARNS ANO RANCHES 

A h i A11 I i I " i % f t . NI. 
On the M e d in a R iv e r 
182 A cre s w ith h u p * o a k s p e c a n s , a n d o cre e k 
78 A c re s liu a b lk 
Just 16 
I 
{m m tra m Lac A la nd 
A la x tre e b e o u titu l ' e x c h a n g e m a k e s im * c h o ic e p ro p e rly a va ila b le a l o nly 11,188 p o i a c re (o b now 
D f V AUL T A ASSOC 
>49 7*7 7 

• 116 ACRES • 
E le c tio n ! h u n tin g on th !* little ra n c h near P ipe C roak W ail w ith w in d m ill, la n k . a n d s m a ll fie ld 
Con Gov id Nisfael. 824 OI J* 
RANCH MARKET kJJ 47o4, 7)4 J184 

488 A C R E S 
G R E A T H U N T IN G 

 t i t * SE p e r p e re 
I N d o w n p a y m e n t w ith 38 y e a r fo rm s a t /* • * » s im p le m i t r e s ! 
O w ner I inane od C a ll 7)4 79*4 

I t a e r * * , h ig h w a y f r e n t o p * . n ou s*, w e ll, c o a s la i, p on s, ta n k , n eo r 
N ixo n 
M ( 
R itc h ie 
I $82 IIM . 

$ AC R E S H IL L C O U N T R Y 

G o o d h u n t in g . U I S d o w n p a y m e n t. $38 7* g e l m o WO w ill fin an ce C o ll 7)4 9 )4 ) 

3Q.bS ACRES 
M a n y l r * * * s u rro u n d 74' x 37' woe* end hom e A b o u t I t a c re s in held lend S m all stock la n k , good wail L a rg e double g a ra g e O w ner fin a n c in g P ro p e rty lo cate d a tt of 
H w y I t rn B a n d o ra C ounty 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C lift I 'W I*. B c o tta r 
B oerne 749 7841 
S A 
7)4 7171 

HUN f ING RANCH BV O W N tU 
IO A n e s n e a t le a k e r . T e x a s 
H e a v ily wooded L iveo u b und pin on p in e 
P le n ty o l d e e r a n d tu r k e y 
1 )o8 d o w n 
O w n e r fin one ed e asy te rm s 
P h o n e ( J i l l 
2J7 5349 o tte r I J rn 

 l a r g e ” B U IL D IN G SITE 
I m il# nm lh fro m Loop N w de s ir e d lo c a tio n d e e p s o il o n d wooded o re o 
W a ter, e le c tr ic ity and pnone P a y m e n ts ol sr J 7* et 
7‘ . S im p le in te r e s t o tte r s m a ll dow n pm t I es 7 c ita l, p i 7229 

LARGE COUNTRY HONKS i i b a th nom e 
C u s to m h u n t I ] A c r e * 
O a k 
■ l r * * * , h i l l c o u n t r y 
N o r t h 

1.ooo AC LIVE DAK CO 
448 Ac iii ce ssio!, near K ennedy 
(re e k host b o tto m la n d in Texas 
29N dow n a w ner c a rry *7$ 8429 
<29 OMS 
I U 176* 
948 o873 
W ATSO N A SON RE A l T ORS 
A C R E A G E E a s t o f l i l y . 

16o AQRES 
A unty near Hoi 

 rood AAI 5178 p o x e d 

 c u s t o m b u i l d 
H o y t l l s o c r e t r a c t s a v a i l a b l e w * c o n s i d e r n u d e s 
S a w y e r 
C o n s t C o . n j o 4 o * 
4V4 2 74 J 

L E O N S P R IN G S A R E A 

Ac l e a t * h u m * s ile x t r o t s vie w , I t m in u te * n o rth en iH ie 
New h e m ** u n d e r i o n s if u t hon 
G u a d a l u p e r i v e r 
A c re a g e h o m e s ite * . 4$ m m 
Ute* n o rth 149 )**7 
B IL L P R IC K B E A L T Y 

•MOUNTAIN TOP NORIN* 
I a g g e r m g c e e e rgo WA o r s i l t 

I w t g r m il* 
* * * * * egg r n ) 

M I I 
M U I J H t i t I M I 

( onyen L a k e . I ok ti view hum# T it 
V urge * S hores SOS,888 W eekend hom e *73 SBB 
I e k e h o m * B e a tty 
I-944-I I M 
C a n y o n L a k e 
A 'ie a u t if u i 7 be d ro o m 3 b a th hews* an la rg e , eefc s tu d d e d le i e r e t ie e k m g la k e 
*32,88o 7 4 a c re s 14 a c re D a v id 
M o i k e l B e p ity *99 7728. 899 7711 

C A N Y O N L A K E -B Y O W N E R ” 
> J a c re s on p ave d re a d a ve r le e k - rap lake. n ea r beat la u n c h L e ts et tre e s w a te r a n d e ta c tric ttv w in d iv id e end fin a n c e 
494 3717, 
I >81 298) 

 f o b T C l a r k s p r i n g s m e m 
B l R SH IP disc e u « ta d l f S4S88 
Writ b e d e ta r ttxesta ck dr h o v e l 
I fra il# ! et onyMxmg e l vatu# 
I I 1 I H 7 T W M r • 
• or A sp- •<■«. ut a n ,i tram b e l Ship below (USI* ( b b A*I 7 k t) 

 l l a c re fa rm neor N ew B ra u n fe ls . 
O wn e t fin an ced 
*84 4311 or 751 994) 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
47 a cre liv e PRE Lilts 
Joins hup# ten ch , deer tu rk e y 1)96 a er a c re 
I ib e to l te rm s 1-894 2448 
4$ A c re s e n d H e m e u n d e r VA l e a n w ith N e D o w n P a y m e n t i f 148 A c re s w ith law d ow n ped 
{T e x a s V E T e t O w n e r F in a n c e 
C a ll T C X M A C R E A L T Y , * A 
234 o881 a tte r H o urs 43) 2881 
IO* i i i 
B e {"a 'A N O il R A- goad iu« a lie n , peed h u n tin g , ow ner tin a n t e d 
S IM M O N S R E A L ES 
T A T E . 
P o le r I 
I 742 ) ) 4 l , 
I 742 BASS, $42 48SI 
____ 
4 lf I A C R E E , C g r c iie " S p rin g s ”, 
(ta ke err p e r I t r M ts H w y 8k, erne e«phth m u te r e t* Best New US OH trad M S * a c re (711) 941)131 

 irk a c t es. ’b u v g i C e!'im deer 
*49 l l TOLO B IF F S R L T Y *4 * 8441 

M e d ina C ounty n ea r H onda R un 
> m ng cre e k, eti p o te n tia l C a ll M i- i c h a ti h a il Ake, 128 899$ 
RANCH MARKET 
A H 4284, 724 $184 
$ ACHr 
^eorlTance. LUM, lib e ral te rm s by o w n e r 5)4 887* 
171 a t re * nee r De v in e H ^ r 6 e w n 
*84 4711 or 751 994) 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

IO ACRES t a u B e x a r C ounty, sandy lea rn , w a le r U n *, e x c e lle n t le i h o rs e le v e rs s I see en a c re . 28% dawn, 
I iS I t ye ars 
U N licto rs it lu is 
S A SA) USE, 887 I H I 

2oo ACRES 
N e ar S M A nto nie ir r le a r ran w e ll la rg e lo s e r y e n . b e a u tifu l h em e sites $4*8 a c re 
29 R R Y BAC O N 
R E A LT O R 
422 )3 2), 
423 )73$. 

7)3 acres. *37$ a e r a c re , bouse. b arns, ) w ater w ells. I d irt tanks, 
Sooth el P leasanton en T it N ear 
( i i , lim its 344 434$. 17* 448) 
I 
R O B ER TS B O H M E R R E A L T Y i i i aT T I T T S T F I T * in c lu d e s m c * b e m e , f a r m e q u ip , g o o d p e a n u t IP te m p , a b e d h u n tin g 
O w n e r f in a n c e d 
S IM M O N S 
B E A L 
E S T A T E 
P e l e t l 
; I 743 I I M MEARSE 
IOO Acres so uth B e x a r C o un ty sa nd y m e * gutta la nd W aler wen. shed, ana b en s S e c iu d e n 
SAS* p e r p e lt 
Cpu 
E D 
6 * 1 9 , 
9 2 * s e t! a r 
377 BIBB 
LO. GOZA 
REALTOR q]37-| IQ S 
T i A f t W l - H in V O U N IB Y 

 y *49$ dow n p aym en t 
7} p e r m g F n tM c e d bx aw ner COB 7|4 7944 

18222684 

Poge 14-D 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

75 ACRES 
With a beautiful building site high on a hill. Over Vt in coastal, stock tank, good fences. Only $69o per oc 
Owner financed with good terms. 

241 ACRE STOCK FARM 
About IOO acres in coastal, another 
IOO ocres in good field, 3 stock tanks with fish, large hay bam, good fences. Excellent buy for $55o per ocre Owner financed 

2oo ACRE STOCK FARM 
Approx 1?o ocres in good river bot­ tom field, the rest in beautiful live oak trees. Water well, bam, im­ plement shed, cabin. Arcess to 
Guadalupe River. Only $85o per ac. 

2oo ACRES 
OI good ranchland, approx 3o acres has good stand of coastal Large stock tank with fish. One producing oil well (1/32 royalty goes with the sale) Good deer hunting, only $535 per ac Owner financed 

G O O D S flF C T IO N O f 
OTHER PROPERTIES 

CH. WAHL 
1-379-5693,1-379 571o 
771 W. Court St., Seguin, lex. 
Gene Trost 1-557 SOSA 
Earl Welch 6SS-218o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 6 197 7 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 

BURNET COUNTY 
OWN YOUR OWN DEER LEASE 
13o 
ACRES - Scenic and rugged, I lorge spring, I well with windmill, excellent building site, terms EX 
CELLENT DEVELOPMENT PROPERTY 
• 233 ACRES • Highway frontage, adorning Burnet City Limits. Good three bedroom house with fireplace Old stone house and born built in 188o s ready to restore Good terms, owner finon ce fXECUTIVf SPECIAL 
311 ACRES 
House barns with oil the amenities Excellent location and conch property with four bedroom three both home 
Owner will finance ELY into your own castle1 
EXCELLENT RANCH PROPERTY - 7o2 
ACRES 
2oo acres in cultivation, spring ted creek, many pecans, good hunting. I wo large horns, two old houses Good trims 
UVALDE COUNTY 
EXCELLENT RANCH LAND 
971 533 
ACRES 
18o ocres cultivoted, planted in klem grass; good hun ting Two bedroom rock house 
Good terms, owner finance 

H G. COUNTS REALTOR 
418 Hwy 281, P O. Box 689 
Marble Tolls, Tx. 78654 
(512) 693-2352 ar 693-4839 

SWT FARM & RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 26oo ACRES N E. 
LA SALLE CO. With Frio River fron­ tage. 
2 nice mobile homes. 
Garage, hunting stands, numerous small fields. Excellent hunting and fishing. Small por­ tion of minerals. $365 per acre with good terms. 

418 ACRES LA SAU! CO. tt 
Mile Nueces River frontage, 5 miles West of Cotulla 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overlooking small lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with mony good improvements. Vi minerals 
A real snowplow $8oo per acre with good owner financing 
LEI PETERS - I —879-2759 
P.O. Box 563, Cotulla, Tx. 
78o14 

FOH SALE BY O W N E R 
SO— IOO or IOO acres in K en d all 
CO. N ear K e n d a le , lots of deer, lots of w ater. No cedar $775 per acre and up 25% down, very low interest I 249-2o69 or w rite to P A 
Petsch, P o BOX 62, Boerne Tx 
78oo6 

232-FARMS AND RANCHES 

ROLLING OAKS 
28$ acres of pork like hills. Cabin, fenced and crossed fenced, well, s pring fed ta n k , 3o twin N o rth . 
Owner will sell all or p a rt or trode. 
J E R R Y W A G N O N A ASSOC. 
328-33o1 
344-7719 Nights 
SELL or EXCHANGE 
452 A c re s g r a v it y i r r ig a t e d productive fa rm . M a v erick Co 
64o4 A c re s B ig B e n d C o u n ty , house, w ell lots of g a m e, good term s, and only 56o. per acre. 
2o3 Acres on San M arcos R iver, near Palm etto State P ark , I hour from S A. 18oo. per ocre. 
H undreds of others ava ila b le all over T exas thru T F R A system . 
Ask us about tax free exchanges 
D E V A U L T A ASSOC. 349 2677 
2 STORY ROCK HOME 
Located on Scenic Loop and si­ tuated on 11.55 ocres Enjoy ru ra l living in this 3ooo sa ti. home near 
B o e rn e . T h re e b e d ro o m s , tw o fireplaces, m any built-in e xtra s . 
Shown by appointm ent 
REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, R ealtor 
Boerne 249 2o61 
S A 
224 7171 

236 
SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS 
I AOK — southeast with nice 3 bedroom home. Zoned B-2. $28,ooo. 
Terms. 
6641o SO. ET. Office Warehouse — north cost, guaranteed $18,ooo lease 3 years or owner occupied. 
$14o,ooo 
43o4 SO. FT. LOT—Airport area. 
Zoned 8 $25,ooo 
45/412 SO. FT. LOT-Northeast 
39o ft frontage. Zoned l l. lots of oction rn area $75,ooo 
13,4oo SO. FT. LOT-an occess rood next to Red lobster Northwest. 
Zoned 8 2. $26,ooo 
TRADE out of town strip center for 
Commercial land. Net $9648 
JOE ETHERIDGE, REALTOR 
656-7127 or 656-7128 n it.. 

GOOD H U N T IN G IOO ACRES 

5129 .5o pet acre, ow ner fin ­ anced for 2o y ea rs at 7% % simple interest with 5%down paym ent Coll 734 7964 

G U A D A L U P E R IV E R R A N C H , 
1274 acres. A fabulous Blue Hale is on this ranch, with 1, m ile of the 
G uadalupe R iver and two flowing spring fed creeks Land suitable for developm ent, IO m iles fro m 
N ew B ra u n fe ls , 3 m ilo s d o w n ­ stream from Canyon Lake, fro n ­ ta g e on tw o h ig h w a y s 
S pec tacular views of Devil's Borkbne and w aler, abundant gom e Good term s available 
Office 
Hubert H arrison 
Hom e 
478 5824 Harrison Prop 
452 986o 
7o6 Blow n Building, Austin, TX 
787o1 
H ave most any sue form 2 to 43o ocres. Some have house, ta n k , w ater well or rural w aler Field or pasture 
Paved or county roads 
From 145o to 1995 per acre Let me know whot you want 
KorZekWa Really 349-3151 

H A VE 3 R A N CHES 
R iverfron t good prices 
East, west cmd south 
W ATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 
227 o227 
628 1262 

TAKE YOUR PICK 
ATASCOSA C O U N T Y 
1o6 ACRE RANCH paved access, 
2oo acres cultivatable, balo nre in brush 
2363 ACRES of p artially im proved ranchland, good access and im provem ents. Artesian well 
B E X A R C O U N T Y 
72 ACRES-lnside F M 16o4, north of 
Thousand 
Oaks on 
Jones 
M altsberger 
BLA NCO C O U N T Y 
1o74 A C R ES typical hill country with homes, shed, pens 
W ILSO N C O U N T Y 
A P P R O X 2o A C R E S of fe r tile sandy loom, old house, 2 hond dug wells, creek, form rood frontage 
O V E R 18 A C R E S d e e p s a n d y loam, with large house, well, out­ buildings, tanks and highw ay frontage 
J M. C U L L IN A N , R E A L T O R 
512 344 2341 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 
TAX F R E E E X C H A N G E S 
Ranches, Farm s, Land anyw here 
D E V A U L T A ASSOC 349 2677 

O ffic e — Y a rd 
Airport Area 
2 Blocks from Loop 4 1 o 

For Rent — 75o sq. ft. office space 
— central air and hoot 15,OOO sq ft of yard upper /' cydine fence 
Zoned I industrial Suitable for contractor, wholesale, light manufacturing 
$ 2 5 o Month x 
8 2 2 -9 3 6 8 

238 COMMEMUI PROPERTY 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ LEAST 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo so. ft. new m asonry building, tor sole, near expressw ay, easy term s tor strong buyer 
9.ooo sa It., M asonry building, for lease, month to m onth or long term 
PEA C O C K , R E A L T O R S , 824 o511 

4o1 • APARTMENTS FDBN 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
EDR SALE 

 up, Zoned 1-1; fu lly d evelo p ed . 
V I P P ork Easy term s 433 1489. 

248 OfFISE «P8Ct FOR LEASE 

PLUSH O F F IC E SPACE 
In growing N W sector Reasona­ ble rotes 
G re a te r S A. Buriers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W IH-1o, 696-38oo 

• ALAMO HGTS • 
4 room suite, 71o sa f t , only 35c per sq.ft F re e parking, etc Call ' 
R L. 
Stew art, 
828-1221 
514o | 
Broadw ay. 

Executive Office Space 
F U R N and U N F U R N 
By d a y, w eek or m o nth 
W e p ro v id e a 
; receptionist, a n sw e rin g service ai.d secretarial service 
E X E C U T IV E O F F IC E S YS TE M S 
828 18o8 Ste. 2o6 18oo N E Loop 41o j 
San Antonio, Texas 78217 

F U R N IS H E D O F F IC E 3oo sq It, full or part tim e, no tease, profes- 
I slonal pre fe rre d Receptionist NE 
I Loop 41o 828-5227 

O U R O F F IC E has 22 a cre s for s ale w ith g r e a t c o m m e r c ia l location and potential 
On h ig h ­ way 16 in downtown Helotes. Cot! for m ore details 434 2341 
RED CARPET 

TEXAS VET 

PLUMBING SHOP 
Q uarters, 3-2-3, inventory to be purchased separata On Blanco 
828 o665 
736-1766 
734 4117 
W ATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 

HAYES CO 57 ACRES 
T M I SO big ooks, owner c arry 
I 828 o665 
736 1766 
734 41 17 
W ATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 

H IL L C O U N T R Y 
3o ACRES 

M any deer, turkey, 175o down p a y m e n t 
$ 1 1 5 76 p e r m o 
Owner financed Call 734 9363 

24+ Acres east, tank, fenced 
828 o665 
736)766 
534 4439 
WAT SON A SON R E A L T O R S 
Texas Vet or anyone 
24 a rre s n e ar F lo re s v ille , c le a re d lan d , w ater available 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

TEXAS VETS 
3 tracts in St Hedw ig, w ater line, electricity, sandy lome. 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 66/ 1154, 66/ 1333 
WE CAN S E LL YO U R 
RAN CH F A R M OR HO M E 
IN THE H IL L C O U N T R Y 
HOUSTO N RAN C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx /8oo6 
249 2116 or 24V 3314 

1o ACRES 
W estern G uadalupe County, ru ra l w ater line. Will go Texas Vet. new on m arket land Locators of Texas 
S A 66/1154, 66/ HJJ 
__ 
A P P R O X 
28 A C R E S un Coven 
Rd Good soil ond flowing creek 
Term s by seller it needed 
C all 
341 4666. rales 344 /o36 
Don Bouchette 
A C O INC R E A L T O R S M LS 

LASALLE COUNTY 
26o6 acres, I ’ , miles F rio R iver, 
‘ g ra v e le d roads ond s e n d e ra s, h u n te r s q u a rte rs , deerb>in ds, 
I several tanks, excellent hunting 
, and fishing, all or p a rt Q ualified 
| buyers only 
Land locators of Texas 
S A 66/ l l 54, 667 133J 
LOTS OF OAK 

B A N D E R A 
C O U N T Y 
952 
A C R E S R A N C H . 4 h o u s es 
3 dam s. m in e ra ls 
O w n e r fin once, 3 ’ i m iles from town, Listm q 
B roker, L L O Y D COOK 
Box 657 
Pearsall, Tx 78o61 334 3o18 
B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 24 ACR ES 
Upper Sabinal Canyon W ater 
J K L E IG H T O N R E A LTO R S 
Vanderpool, Tx 
512-966 34oo 

BOERNE 
2 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th F le e tw o o d m obile hom e (1 2 «6 4) in adults only re tirem e n t a re a E xtras in e lu d e c a r p o r t , p a tio , s to ra g e building, new carp e t, new wash mg m achine and privacy fence 
Just 2o m iles troni Son Antonio and 12 miles from UTSA 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249 2o61 
S A 
224-/1 

BOERNE 
M odern three bedroom two bath ro ck h o m e 
See m ile s of M ill 
Country from your trout port Ii 
Includes double car garage, patio, work shop and good well All this w ith 5 a c re s of la n d lo c a te d 4 miles from Boerne out Ststerdale 
Road 
BOFRNE RANCH iltALTV 
Cliff le w is , Realtor 
Boerne 249 2o61 
S A 
224 71/1 

BOEHNE 

M o d e rn , b ric k 3-2 2 h o m e sur rounded by targe oak trees on 2 acres of land east of San Antonio 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667 1154. 66/ 1333 
M onor, Texas 
IOO ocres approx i i miles east of Austin. Texas 2 dirt s(ock tanks, with am ple year round w a te r, a p p ro x SO a c re s under c u ltiv a tio n la s t y e a r 
■« acre and sheet m etal barn w o rk ­ shop e n t las e d w ith IO ’ c h a in length fence 
Easy access to US 
29o and new M anor Downs Race 
Course 112oo an acre with term s avail. 
Coll 
Lynn 
Fly at 
512 451 8281 
" m a s o n A r e a 
J2o A CR ES on paved hwy. good h u n tin g w a te r a nd g ra s s 
By 
Owner 342 294/ after 4pm 
NEAH P IP E C R E E K 
I t ' I a c re h o m e s ite 
B e a u tifu l view and trees, privacy 
115,ooo 
I Owner financed 
Jim 
T u d o r 
I 824-4898 
I NE A R S TO C K D A l I 
48 6 Acres 
I 185o Per Acre 684 629o___________ 

N E A R U V A L D E 

5oo a c r e ir r ig a t e d fa r m , shallow w ater Highw ay Iron togo, nice large home 
128 acre Knippa a re a ranch 
Good hunting, m inerals, term s 
6oo a c re ra n c h , old hom e, good pens and fences, excel tent hunting plus a w o rkin g ranch with river Montage, ex eelient hunting plus a w orking ro n ih with river frontage I 
J 
H a p p y 
Sc ho w e 
R e a l 
E s ta te 
U v a ld e 
T x , 
512 218 69/o. rules 512 2/8 JUS 

WEEK ENG HIDEAWAY 
Cedar home on 1.9 acres located at the end of County road 6 m iles from Boerne One e xtra large be droom, bath, living urea, kitchen, la r g e s c re e n e d fr o n t p o rc h 
131.ooo oo Total Price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, R ealtor 
Boerne 349 2o61 
S A 
224 / t / l w h at type Ranch do you w a n t’ 
RANCH M A R K E T 226 5184 
' J L L i box ?/'■ San Antonio, 28218 
W ILSO N C O U N T Y 
ISO acres good block land form 5 room house, barns. 155o per acre 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
! 
622 3363 

?34 FARMS EQR RENT 

T T T E T s t M M S R T T r A jT s ^ s n r j r m ated a cre s 
6 s tran d b a i bed w ire , fenced ond cross fenced. 
! stock tank, a pprox 
3o a cre s of 
! Coastal B erm uda 
P ecan trees. 
I fruit trees, 2 bedroom , I bath, I 
; c o r g a ru g e P r lm s to n e house 
; Located between N a ta lly and Ly tu>, 25 m iles fro m S A 
M a il in 
I quires, including rental expecla 
• tios to R I t Box 41 
N a ta lia tx 
/«o59 

PRICE REDUCED 
9.ooo sail m asonry b uilding on 
38.ooo sqft. of p a v e d la n d 
On 
Roosevelt Ave I block from S E 
M ilita ry D r. E xc e lle n t for furra lu r e s to re , a u to p a r ts , lig h t m a n u fa c tu rin g , etc 
C oll W B 
K letter 341 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

P R IM E 21 ACR ES 
In tronsporotion sm all business- industrial complex of E 
Son An­ tonio, inside Loop 41o, all utilities ava ila b le , c le a red and read y to d e v e lo p in to in d u s tr ia l, w a r ­ ehouse, m u ltifa m ily 
J M C U L L IN A N , R E A L T O R 
344 2341 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 
SU P E R B BUSINESS LO C A TIO N ond V A L U E , ideal for offices or I man operation, nicely m aintained 
2 units, toned, 
5o 
X 
ISO' lot 
824 45o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

Furnished 15o sa. ft office space near airport, off North San Pedro, receptionist, a n sw e rin g service available, reasonable rotes, 2 of flees available 349 1426__________ 
O ffice or business for lease 3oo sa. ft for office or business in Strip 
Center. 5 blocks South of Central 
P ark. 736 4461 or 733 8861 
O F F IC E S P A C E A V A IL A B L E 
Two one-man suites available im ­ m ediately in the beautiful Rohde 
Building Overlooks Turtle Creek 
G olf C ourse, n e ar M ed C e n te r, 
IM IO, Loop 41o and USAA In the center of everything Coffee bor. 
X e ro x , ja n ito r ia l s e rv ic e , fre e p arkin g 
In q u ire today. R O H D E 
R E A LTO R S . 
4139 
G ardendale, 
696 53)1 ___________________________ 
O ffice space, N il, fin is h e d , im - m ediate occupancy, utilities paid, 
Becky M ayo. 826 3251. H e n ry S. 
M iller Co. Realtors. 

R E N T A L S 

 m 
APARTMENTS UAIFURN 
4 o 4 
A P A R T M L N T S -T O R N 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

F R O * 

* 4 
6 
. Weekly 

^ I 5 
2 
. Monthly 

N O L IA S ! 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING—NO PEJS 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N .W . L o o p 4 1 o 
“pf int«r»«(tion of Dewhurst ond o « « it rood 41o” 

3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

F o r T h e T r u t h ; 

C o m p a r e 

1 B e d r o o m J u n io r 
From $149.oo 
A il B ills P a i d _ _ _ _ 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar-B-que grills, teamakers, fireplaces and beamed ceilings 

1o362 SAHARA DR 
(North of Loop 41o off Scan Pedro) 
349 2617 

V I C T O R 

P L A C E 

A P T S . 
2o9 VICTOR ST. 
I Bedroom Apts. 
Furn.' 
BILLS PD $1 85 

 off N New Braunfels 
N e a r Ft. Sam 

8 2 6 - 8 4 9 1 

Office Hours 
Mon Sat 9 6 
Sun. 1-6 or by appointment 

 i S e l e t t o r 
W e ’D find yours, free. 

O W 7 DAV* A WMK 
O R IC M THROUGHOUT T O A * 

3 1 2 1 N . W . L O O P 4 1 o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

OtBfCT COR Bf TRONCIN C l TO 
4123 N. C W T * AL IX PWY 
DALLA*. T O 752Q4 

LO C K H IL L A R E A . I b e d ro o m , d is h w a s h e r, a ir , w a te r gas ort. 
114o. 341-4323; 492-2228 , 696-422* 

IGR TOWNHOUSE 
2-Bedroom s, a ir, heat. St3o. W ater 
Od Potto. ISF El Min-4o8 Ira No pets 343-8444, 494-567*, *24-4227 
M ed Center a rea N w , I bedroom , lorge riving room , all electric k it­ chen 
Ook Hills Arm s. 342-331o; 
349-o219. 
N ew 2 bedroom apt, a ll co n ven ­ iences. 
D ays 
221-7316, eves 
349-7543 
N O R TH S TAR-SAN P E D R O 
L u x u r y 2 b e d r o o m , )*/» b a th townhouse. E lectric kitchen, c a r ­ p et, p riv a c y p a tio , u tilitie s od, 
124o mo. 
M O R R IS 
R E A L T Y , 
654-o416. 
OAK H IL L S V IL L A G E 
Apartm ents and Townhouses 
1165.Up 1847 Babcock 344-9726 

252 -SEH OR EXCHANGE 

H A V E CASH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g re p airs 
John B. E cceli, B ro k er 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226 7o31 824 8o23 
T R A D E APT M O T E L , (22 U nits), to r u n im p ro v e d la n d , o r w h a t have you, 734-6675. 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

C A sfl OR T C R M T ’ tT o w n e T T o r ta rg e com plex, apts, co n d o m in ­ ium , shopping c e n te r 
Send d e ­ tails in confidence to: E. A leek. 
P O 
D ra w er 
K, 
P ortland, 
Tx. 
78374 
$25o,ooo NOTE & CASH 
T i ode tor Real Estate 
LOCY STAGGS 822 1383 
N O R TH TOW N R E A L T Y 

 leourtq Daly 9-6, Sultrily IA 

1 B e d r o o m 
$ 1 4 5 

2 B e d r o o m 
$ 2 1 o 

F U N N .-U N F U R N . 
AU Utility futd large playgrounds, 
Doiketboll 
Goal 
Shuffle board. lighted tennis (fluff, 3 forge vwini ming pools 
Wear brooks A1 8 
Stole Hospital, Fetor* Volley Golf 
(out se 
T ruly the b o tt re n ta l va lu e in tow n. 
2 /1 $ losers 
333 5339 

I 

I 

I 

GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Just o ff B ro ad w a y and Loop 4 1 o , C lo s* ta 
C row n T o w e r B ldg.) 
LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. $2oo. 
REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 
1 Home like atmosphere • Party house 
1 Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 
Also 2 bedroom apts. 
8 5 3 5 G REEN BRIER 
8 2 8 -4 2 o o 

■ 
S re 
I 

I 

I 

I 

THE 
FOUNTAINS 

2 BEDROOM, 2 BATH 

LUXURY APT. 

FIREPLACE. FORMAL 

DINING AREA. DEN. 

1819 BABCOCK 
& 
3 4 1-6 842 

O FF SUNSET ROAD 
SHO tor new I b e d ro o m a p a r t­ m ent with central a ir. 7918 Teak 
341 6136 
SPECIA REALTORS 

Olmos P ark , I bedroom u p s ta te , re trig and stove. M a tu re a d jt* only 
195 mo. 822-9276 eves al*# w eekends. 
Hi 
ON A H IL L O V E R L O O K IN G SAM 
A N T O N IO 
L a rg e 2 b e d ro o m . 2 bath, covered plant terrace. 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at NW Loop 41o 
341-2228 
3 room upstairs opt, near bus line tor quiet couple or single person. 
532-7o83. 

SEC U R ITY 
PLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies • I ond 2 bedroom s 
Furnished ond Unfurnished 
TH E V ILLA FONTANA 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

8 2 8 -1 1 9 1 

4o1 APARTMENTS TURN 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Large I ond 2 Bedroom s 
F R O M $14o (U N F U R N 1>22 5o) 
1)6 V A N D E R H E I 826 2369 
O F F N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 

ACTIVE RETAIL AREA 
258o 5Q FT 
B E IN G C O M P IE T 
E D AT 4o)7 F R E D E R IC K S B U R G 
RD JACK A L T E R 347 4)51 

AIR HEAT, 15oo Sq. Et. 
F o r office or r e t a il. P a n ­ eling. carpeted, restrooms, parking. 51o N M A IN , $375. 
226 9126, 734 5522. 
G A L IN D O R E A l.T Y CO 

236 
SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

3 A c r*s ^ T ^ A O > m m e n n o T T v T R ? hom e, could he c o n ve rte d into o ilie r 
I M i Iroin city hall on S 
Flores St 816/244 
28' A C R t's , I m ile s out of city lim its en im 37 S, ra ilro a d Iron- loge 
Will sell all or p a rt 
E asy term s. 924-6666 623 1932__________ 
I i acres on lo o p 4)o betw een 
M arbach ond Hwy 9o West 316 It frontage 6o XtOO building Zoned 
P i. O wner 655 o251 

3 6 acres. 2 re n t houses, in n e d duplex, San P edro B itters Road urea, no agents, 165,5oo 4VS ISO*. 
No agents 

ARTISTS ARCHITECTS 
2 Story hom e and o ffice, excep b o n a lly w elt d e c o ra te d (d a r k room tor photography), fireplace, central heat ond oir, large paved parking area 
MacFarland Phillips 
__________ 824 371o__________ 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AMO OFFICE SPACE 
All s ites to m eet any need 
All . areas ot 5 A E rnest Sable Com m erciol P lo p 349 .1639____________ 
BEACON C IR C L E EAST 
N e a r San P u d ro and new 
N o r th E x p r e s s w a y 
1234 s a lt o ffic e w a r e h o u s e space .142-2934._____________ 

BEACON CIRCLE j 28oo sa It W arehouse, a ir eondi 
I honed Office Jock Alter 347 4151 ti U I ID IN G FO R R f N I 

P R IN C IP A L TO B UY 
IOO 5oo U N ITS 
B R O K E R S P R O T E C T E D ! 
P A U L Z IE G L E R 
62oo M a rin ette ,Suite 522 
Houston,Tx 77o36 
(713)776-927o___________ 

W A N TE D 
4 
TO 8 fa m ily opal t m en) I am not on agent 654 o23) 

WE BIVE SERVICE” 
You get results, by listing your home with us We need homes to sell 
Being "O N T O P " keeps us fair bv working Coll now 
824 2391 (A n y tim e ) 

B e a n ie O w e n s 
R E A LTO R S , 1147 A U S T IN HW Y 

S O 
U 
W 
K p H 
* V l U A 

 a aw a r m i h t s 
* 

• Mixed Dunk dub toe tithes 
• Oym mid tier Lichis* 
( tosses 
• Seoul* Shop 
• Souno Rhulpoul 
• tennis loons 3 pools 
• i'osf tier iFtnperotois 

• IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4 o 3 2 I . S o w th c ro ii 

3 3 7 -5 2 4 2 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
35o3 N O R TH PAN AM 
223 3218 
M O N F R I 9 6 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
C o v e re d w a lk -w a y fro m c a r to a p t, laundry and m ailbox a re a so you won t get d ren ch ed , la rg e r room s so you w o n 't b a rk y o u r shins 342 9113 876 1594 and see 
TH E K IN G S TO N APTS 
22o2 Vance Jackson For TLC 
Three can share a 3 bedroom opt at the B oardw alk for SHO each 
P o o l, c lu b ro o m an d la u n d ry . 
Close to 
C entral 
P ark and 
W onderland 
3536 West Avenue 349 42o3 
B a rry G illingw ater Co 

256 RIAL ESTATE LOANS 

M A K I R E 
L O A N S 9 
F irs ! liens. M a * 8 yrs Buy notes less than 8% with discount 
A V Rodriguez B roker 222 o98o 

258 - REAL 
WANTED 
ESTATE LOANS 

 z ACRE TRACTS 

66o7 S FLO R E 
BUSINE ss p l a c e 
531-8671 

923 2 

F O R ' 

Sm all tr a m * hom e at toe I 
M soch 6o X 9o lot One bi di aa* one bath, large riving m um ar kitchen Single c arp o rt and sin age room Screened hack pore 
116,ooo OO Toto) P rice 
BOERNE RANCH REAITY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249 2o61 
S A 
221 71 

N ow 
Propt 
O i a u n fi r f* Settee! A Assot Realty 
> 
Seguin, 
N 
Braunfels 

Near Leon V aliev on E M 471, out side city lim its, toned c u m m er cia) 
Ideal tor sm all business or investm ent O wner finance Low down 
Im Leer. 684 3o44 

Bi-autitul ta m e r lot. P errin Bedel and G i e v 'tone, (oiled B 2, 132,ooo 
144 3113 

1 -5 o o Acres tanks to oci cd grass. 2 e 

BROADWAY FRONTAGE 
Service g a ra g e , 47* building 27xt$ le n t open lei ms Coll Ann 

 t i poi table rd. 15o(1oo. 

BRAND NEW 
3 bedroom horn# on J plus ocrc’i, rive r front arith portihlu bottom on pavem ent, out* t i m in u te *« o \t of Son Antonio t i / , MO land locators ot Texas 
S A 647 1154, tor 1313______ 
Bv owner. 7 acres of good im rn land i m ile north ut bowl ne on dead end road. very secluded 
I 249 1176 
BV O W N E R , JO acres irrig a te d long or 112oo per o tic 6/4 2o71 
C H W A HL R E A L T Y 
Good soler lion F o rm * hunches 
I 3/9 5491 I 1/9 1/1o 
Seguin 
Tx 

COMMUTERS RANCH 
18o acres, all or port Oak I n c covered land with scenic «» t a 
Good topsoil, creek and na tu ra l lake Located 17 mites from Loop 
41o Low priced with good term s 
L a r r y 
M o r a n * . 
494 $ 2 )9 or 

GME REM ESTATE 
C R E f k ANO R IV E R 
R a n c h e s la r g e a n d s m a ll 
S o e c io liiin g in th e 
R id * 
C reek - B andel a -M e d in a a re a 
Jim Taylor >74 48*4 
E D A AROS RAN C H R E A I T v 
Buy your land tram th * natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX 495 848o 

S H O O PER ACRE 
164 AC 
M C M U L I F N CO fenced creek with water tank 
B i* (leer w ild nous q u a il 
C o ll C L L N 
H O W A R O 
R I A L 
I S IA i i 
AG ENT 51/ 494 3148_____________ 

$35ooo per acre ocre tra c t 
L e a k . * A re a 

Van Buren & Assoc 
6ii4 7 1 /1____J44 IPI? 
>44 / 172 
“ OUSINL SS APT ZO N E D 
' A c res 
G o lia d a n d U to p ia iced to sell Zig.6464 
JOE D O UG LAS R E A L T Y i*m « »v P r o p e rty w ith ta rg e 
.pie parking 
F ar 

4oo salt bldg 7915 5 Preso 
878 o665 
73*1 /66 
134 44)9 
W ATSON ii. SON R E A LTO R S 

C om m ercial bldg designed and tarnished toe dunce studio, etc a p p ro x 
J OOO sa ti 
R t-r. piton u rea Colt 873 VSI5, 826 >364 f o r L e as e 
L a rg e w a re h o u s e , n ia c in a ll* new. in Lean Springs, on SP Tracks, loc into*m align, 
924 391/_________________ 

42o1 F re d e ric k s b u rg Ro bos ai hee space and c o ve red ana un covered yard space tar lease 
>41 7133 

 idiug and ar 
< or lease bv 

GAR AGF 
J stalls, lift ti out end pit One block Sears 2IJU) Plea sanlun Md 
144 6«Io or 734 1374 
Ask tor J B Goodwin 

L O C A T IO N re" e lf . 36oo 

,‘ 2 41 acre tra c t 
U M 
H e a v ily w o o d e d 
G au d hunt>ng i2 5 o d ow n 
%1 l l l muntniy Em ory Jones 7J4 462/ 
R A N C H A C R E A G E . 1o5 acre s. 
Bandi i a 
County, with 
(toilet home 
«o 92 A C R E S , M e d in a C o u n t* beautiful, secluded homesite with large oak flees *74 6)51 
S U R U N G B U R K E Realtors 

K EY G R O U P 

73) 1792 hi 69» O U I, 

■ aa* 

RANCH EDR DUCKS 
HH) o i rtf# ©I #«T?f»TC H im Count## torte COAOiO ftftl I H A A ! m -I 
/*#%/ nil #Tt«fft#OU# c it# # # . ptm aram tc #i# it s ana cood ac t### CteM 
■dor th of S A Low 
Pf J##. 
(filCIU^F e now 
L u r r y 
Muc un#j 
4?# S239 ut 
344 5741. 

CAF I 
♦ POOL H AL L 
Seats 1o9k a going business 
On busy highway with I I home 
8. I o665 
73c. 17*6 
534 44)9 
WATSON A ,o*4 b t AL TORS c i w M l K c ' i L C O R N E R 
• Genera! McMullen Dr • 
Between Joske's and G ull M a rt to r quick sale, priced ut 125.ooo 
>24 12o7 or 826 2347 
THelnia B. Pressman 

CORNER PARKING EOI 
Downtown, SO* >$o britt ottvrifib 
Jack Atter J4J 415) 

 b o w NT S w n Th Is 
Corner of access, good exposure. 
• os* ai cessantly, shop ur attice 
MAC B LA E E ST A f E «2b 2571 

H IG H T R A FF tail restaurant hoke, sg It 
R io sunup, 
434 6321 lO O R 4 ll*! AT fc A N b C ftA R O A D 
V A R L HO USES O F F IC E S S TO R E! 
JFP I C G I ON Y O R IV E R E T A IL 
O W N t R o14 7 )7* o12 71)4 

N ear on port and B roadw ay 
O th e r ta r sm all c o n tra c to r, paneled c arp e r, u tilitie s in e lu d ed 
A n s w e rin g s e rv ic e a v a ila b le 
F o r in fo rm a tio n call 
341 t m or 
87) 361o evenings 

 d re tro w arehou>* spat •• For m a ra re ly needed a r tic le s ’ ho VI 
24oo sa It that tits The 
549 1 
4 
1 
4 
__________ 

NEW RETAIL CENTER 

7 3 Tandem dum p G M C . 4 /1 De trod, 
I ) sad. 
I t JOO equity I 
658 oo27 

3o? MOBILE HOMES BENT 

F urnished oi untu rrashedM obile 
Hom e 2 bedroom , !/$ dup, HJS 
, mo , * mo lease *23-365/ 
N E A R L A C K L A N D 
13 X6o 
(2) bedroom No nets St*S m onth All bills paid 15o deposit 25o2 Ob- 
' scrvotion D r 6/4 7518 696 35o/ 
N I AR LA C K L A N D 
Double wide 
24 x55‘, 3 bedroom s, den, dining 
; room 
F u lly c arp e te d 
No pets 
525o mu bills paid 11oo deposit 
25o2 
Observation 
O r. 
4/4-/518. 

4111 APARTMENTS FURN 

ALAMO HGTS S8oMo 
I bedroom , bills pd, Ref please 
828 o**5 
Watson A Son 
734 t i l ) 
Alam o Hts efficiency, quiet. 115o mo bills paid. 611 Ogden Lane 
7)5-1)41 
I 

APTS. FU R N IS H E D 

8145. 
B A N D E R A and IV E R S KO 
H ID D EN MEADOW 
5959 WURZBACH 

 j ____________6 8 4 3 3 1 1 __________ 

APTS. FU R N IS H E D 
SHS. 
R IT T IM A N RO AT IH I ! 
THE FA IR D A LE 
66oo FA IR D A LE 

6 5 6 IO O ) 

I G a ra g e e ttic ie n c y person, no pets, w ater pd. $95 
I 824 8561 

I K el Loc 
8 2o/ L a n d in g , c e n tra l air. 3 2 bedrooms. $2oo, bills paid 
J *24 6887, 341 4113 
I Large t bedroom apt N ear Lack j land C om pletely furn, $16o mo 
W ater Rd 655 4269_______________ 

L a r g e g a r a g e e ffic ie n c y , b a ­ chelor or w o rkin g couple. 116o 
N ear 16o4 W hitworth 342 oo68 

L IV E B E T T E R FO R L E S S 1 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
, 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H l A N D H IL L S APTS 
2931 E 
SOU T HC ROSS 
534 88o8 
M E T R O HO USE DO W N TO W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
112o to IM S 213 TTH ST 226-7333 
7526 M ockingbird ut Wonde'rlantT, 
4 clean rooms, HOO, bus, stores 
733 828o 684 o834 494 288) 

TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N PA TIO S 
CLU B ROOMS 
G Y M A ND SAUNAS 
1-2-3 B E D R O O M S , 12 B ATHS 
11/5 to $27o B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K TO W NE APTS 
434 4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A ROAO 
Between H illcrest ond Callaghan 

, 
U N IQ U E TO W N H O M E 
I Lovely 2 bedroom , 2 bath town houses, w a s h e r d r y e r co n tise tions, tennis courts NW orca $29o brits paid 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 

N O R T H E A S T 

C O N V E N I E N C E 

 l ' t H it ifs P a id 

□ H a rd en -vltu iip - 
□ P riv a te Potion 
□ Pool!, jn d Party lin u m 
O F ffie ie n e ii> , I and J 
Bed rill inis 
LJ D iid i" a -lie r. Drain**, and 
T V A uti-niia* 
□ W a lk to Northeast 
S chool* 
□ Close to F o rt Sam 
Ll .'I M inutes to W in il-n r 
Park M all 
□ Furniture 
L l a ila h le 

483o Rav Hon Driv** 
6.V i-73no 

 f i d h u a 

 a p a r t mr n 

E fficie n cie s, 1-2 3 

B edroom Flats To 
3 Bedroom T o w n ­ 

 houses 

3815 Parkdale 

( s Y 6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

T H E B E L K N A P AR M S A PTS 
3o7 W M IS T L E T O E 
735-9264 
735-4891 
BY A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y 
1 -B e d ro o m , $225. 2 -B e d ro o m townhouse, 122o sa.t i . fire p la c e, 
I'» both, $315. 2-B edroom town- house, 128o sq.ft., I' i both, 1375 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom , I bath, $72o. 
3-Bedroom , 2 bath, HOO sq. ft. 
$29o 
The location i i so c o n v e n ie n tly located, o second cor 
Is not needed 
A LL U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Stor M all 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 342 o285 

828-o681 
U N U S U A L M A IN POST O F F IC E 
7 blks A ir, 3 roam s, carpet, clean new decor quiet M ature lady pre ter rec! 126 McCullough 824-7788 
1515 W Contour, (nuor 57oo Son 
P edro). 2 bedroom turn opt HAO w aler pd 826 /9 )3 
_____ 
639 W C raig. Sm all cabin, adult mote. 1/o. 734 5982_______________ 

WHY SETTLE TOR USS or over pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS 
Block of Ft. Sam North G ate 
826 9)59, 826 1594 
347 W W A RE 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Off S. Flores and S E M ilita ry Dr 
M O T E L E ttic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts t Bedroom a ir, carpet, w ater pd and R oom s. By D a y , W eek o r: “ 
M o n th 
o 1 2 9 ) 1 2 , 
P E 4 * 7 6 7 ,i 
L E 2 o1S2. C A 7-47o2. N e a r F t 
Sam TA? o 7 7 

MUST COMPARE 
1-2 B e d ro o m s , $95 a n d H IO . clean, convenien t K e lly . O L L U , I st M q ry i U Bus. 736 3647_______ 
311 Natulen 
5 room s, both gor 
, a ir, w ater paid, no pets 112o 
3 >49 

SUO 922 921o M g r Apl I 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

• I t 
• • 
• 
• 
I 

 age. 
333 ; 
Neat f t Sam 8o5 E leanor I bdrm , aas w ater od H IO >44-64o8 
■ n e T r - T t - s T m ' 
Nice wo tar efficiency a p t c arp e t, s ir, I 
WOS od 195 874 8369 
| 
NF AR F J SAM 
Nice J bedroom apl 
W ale 
Couple with child, 1.135. 824 > 

NUR SKC 

A sto ria 
1o)43 SAHAR A 344 6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Su n sh in e 
SU N S H IN E 734 4422 

 a s t r c T a p f ? bi d i o o rn 

 r day 
IN C O M E 

GKK REM (STUTE 
EASTSIDE MINI STORAGE 

N E 5 A 
IS JOO cats Pe 
M E D IU M 
IO 
H IG H 
AREA 
Finished space 
45 P E R SO FT 
FOR IN F O R M A T IO N 

E X C E L L E N T O L E N H U N T IN G 
I Ii o d s, IO Ac 598 Ac, 13oo AC 297 
At 473 Ac 1)5o Ac 
Sdhtex Co 
Realtors 65) QUO e x 1? f e n t n t f a r m c ass lances wells ta n k * m inerals hw * frontage Zavala Ca SAM CA M P 
BELL b r o k e r 
*5 6 /4 *7 ar 
IM -B Z Z __________________________ 
Fa rm and Ranch listin g s A n ili d 
5o Acres or larger within 45 m ites of Van Antonio W rite lull details and puces 
E D GOZA, R E A L T O R 
6 t l McCullough Ave 
5un Anion 
•a, t i l 
227 81o1. b l) i m . 

— RANCH I ANDS — 
I and Fbi Ail Purposes ll 
7 Ftinlslune 
/111) 
)4 I 99! 

MNDOEN AREA 
I a c re *. food 
•te r hot* v in * for m ite#, * t ftte#. »«lt«r ftYtomCfU laud Locator; o! Texas 
5 A 66/ H H *47 I i i ) 

 vtgruuc S it* a lf 
W W 
White- Rd 
155,ooo salt 
Ut etc 
Fronts 2 streets C all Tom 
M cNeil 34* 18/4 

EXCELLENT BUSINESS 
LOCATION 

222 2282 
H O U TH a CO 

1441 W MHdvDrumt 
Juicfc 
Ti 
H it Oft IN r m i tteMife 

RiM€6 REALTY milan Woolley 735 6876 momC o f f i i i troy twilit dr ic ii do m # in • r 
• I 

►MVKl! THO-N’I 
•'I ©fWC«> Hit don' 
I 
I A t t Ute r 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A in t r 
Cs I do ii Hod C t ufo r f S«f vie# 
REQUA REAITY CO 
R c o l tors 
$168 B r o o d w uv 
824 45o7 

(ARMS and RANCHES 
A Vp.rf IOU* 
M ore than Holt Century Ser nee 
REQUA REALTY CO 
R e a lt o r * 
$1o8 B r o a d w a y 
824 * $ o / 

FISHING WAIER 

 l l Beautiful a c c ts an LO VE 
L Y 
R U N N IN G 
5 I b t A U 
B u ild in g s it* on H IL L T O P w ith d e e p w e ll a n d i n c h a n t i n g V IE W This place 
•S on fcXCC L L E N T B U Y 
38 m ile* NW of Von Antonia 

ROilSION RANCH REAITY 
F O I m 144 Boerne tx 7*oo4 
(S II) 249 111* Of 1)7 44o7 

Floresville areg 24 3 peres with / bedigum hem e, 5 eat buildings trees, very reg sea ah ie puce 
B R IG H A M RE A l Y V 67) 14o1 et AWI ire -T i IR 1 T WN 6 
C R E E K and Big gee en and eek lr dp* Pf* 'ft** A# uglify I I f p e r# ! rn 
Pm it a r lo C a iteitiftHt ter m i. 
HifrH CMI A A M A L T Y i f ! I##! 

 i i i * T S i r T T o 

ROCK HOME 
UNDER CONSTRUCTION f f t t r swfi til# 
*4 Mitt ripr cateri for Pi$% fp fp r 
Hymn pp | J #cfp§ Hir#- 
«K* 
G uadalupe H>*«r I? iiftii tram B t ir n r 
WERNE RANCH REALTY 

IfivemirniDl O w r M y yf!€Nrf<l HtKMl f r o*1 rift IM! > MI R fC /t f iwtm Vais* ft ft ft aul, ti f* iNri€*?4t fill 
H im) ft o * n * r Hi* #144 a r o t a I! f I A lh E l ii l r i o'It 
'A V II-M O N Cit C f & i i f Af WMH# it-1 tan Ceuftt* Drippy!# $pt tup* 
M W 14 ft PuviilitiH yifeot yiei4*-y» P p r fit p elt G ro u p *., ftwpf# 4lyp< oui MUM %&!%'»„ Ii/EM# 
;I tinter «ar«rt<ju»4 
(4 /4 4«$Y 

Clite Lew*1 v 249 ZU#t tepttpr 
Y A 
224 

Y v te t #4 Aer Pi, I H ftflici 
| 
Pte€f, M il Ha# |« A ff ny KsCPtte 
A ft*, Anton Oftener# Cprrp 
•ted ( N K I F H H t i )4> lite 
” 
Ti PPI I i IN P NI Art 

S e l l ! 

 in the 
Merchandise 
Mart 

Cell 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
Express/News 

L o o p 1 6 o 4 M F 
14 *5 A cres fro n tin g 4oo feet on lo u p tenting 
M eadow 
Oaks 
Subdivision 
I t 94 A cres ti b illing SSO teat Oh i»o4 NE tinning tra ct above 
Cad 
I O G ars, 
824 541* or 
221-1t*5 
E.O. GOZA 

R E A LT O R o 2 2 7 -8 1 o $ 
'Wear sac 
3 u n its c o lo n is t s ty le w h ite lotuinns Sum m er perches Easy r put 
MAC KEAL ESTA I t 42SO I I h t ~ i r f > 
- A ft d T T » i ' m 
SHOP 
Oi ow m y w ith the neigh bol noon I e te ie e 79o H e w e id Mi 
N t w hkauki i i i . Tx C an ted . 
Jey iv F re e m e n l l ) 654 a t t * or 
654 2158 or 
BurO prg 
West 
Ut 
1312) 827 I y * l 
N U H ~H S *f o e " M O T t I * V e iT S 
Old I* Units has e v e r * thine in i tudmg kitchenettes Term s 
5oU 3 H VI OE M O TE L 55 U nits 
Geed Business 
IC I C R E A M F a cto ry F re e end an egaiptnenl term s 
S A C B * * C o m m e rc ia l lu n a en 
FI *Oi ll x shul a Re Ream tar ie* snaps Term* 
L L L O P * ! B R O K ER * 
/ l l 41)7, 117-6*61 
ON o ve *»«< AB 
ISM NUNO** IO (A U 
IS AIV o * 4 
I • vet ss t h o m w ) 

NW P rim e Chapping Centers 
West Hildebran!) 
Vance Jackson 
Boss* Road 
Mea san ably Priced! 
735*961 or OOO t i l t _______ 
o !fiiv ond warehouse building logo sa ti at JSC pet ti For mfg tail John t it OUI atter 2 pm 
O F F IC E A A S t H O U s i 
NoiTTT side. dose ie airport 
1o8o and 
I J17 va 
It 
A S TR O IN V E VT- 
M IN T S 344 8)88 
OFFICE W A R E H O U iC tecs##. com(NrliTir« rpANMi, Ute purl u iits Coli i i i 2241 

Office Warehouse 
And Yard Space 
A v a ila b le 
A ll o r p a r t w ith a r without Sec I i-ln iv 455 43o,______ 
Off.l r Workhouse all bi ISOM, ( A sa it duplex. O lin a* carpeted and paneled, central air. poi king 
349 4241, atter 6 341 3o78 
RC M O O I LING 
Or earn v decor, lovely location 
DOO sa It last eft NE 41o occess 
MAC R E A L E VT ATE 828 2521 
* t T r i r gte t y s f e $ i i o n a i 
Services, ieee sa it building 
J star v cenlrgl air heat, newly remodeled, entries Item Bread way and Ave B Large parking drta 5 3o per sd It Other Broad way attice space avail 
824 SMS. 
*74 14*4 s o u fk f ftA *k M ALL '"99# Sd It available tor legs* Call B tl 6*oo ar 333 o14) anytime 

N e a r F t S am , t b e e t a ir , c o v e r e d ! bai king. laundry facilities D IS E 
I 
Grayson 226 MOO 
• A O if'N HWY E F F It! i t NC I t Se bills pd l l ) V37wk 8,4 )vo> 
T S T u ROOM a H B i l ls PAID 
>74 259* 1571 CONTOUR Adults fluty 
I bedroom apt su-o mu plus doc trie tty with ISO deposit ond s mu lease 
42* 
E 
Ramsey 
Rd 
241)149 
I bedroom, biri* paiiS. eves atter"* pm ond weekends 3)4 9918 
I bedroom, central air heat, no children or pet* bills od /J2 3211 
Bills psi >41 N Vt Marys down town Sear*, redecorated 4 rooms, bus stores 535 wkly, $14o mo 
2/4 o*7* 7J> 82oo, M4 **34 
Burbank Aiea ti. droom bitts poid 1125 mo 1)4-o*o1 
CASTLE HILLE A R E A i t l l Blanco- townhouse apts. 12 bedroom 2 baths, ta i n-unturn Att bills pd JOI 4113________________ 
Cl#t!h I rooms, neor 'centei, no 
Hindi en no pet*. 
Southside. 
5>4 /OM f o F T T Room A pa rtm e n t 
Ideal for couple 425 loot 
T W I 

 i Eftic, and I Bdrm*, turn |IOo. - ; 
I V* to Poplor bt Apts 223-6495 
Near Town, North. m c*, quiet. 
( small 2 bedrooms, SUO t i l t 
Evergreen Mr Conti, 223 56ob 
I Nice goiaqe opt 593 pius Dills 
Northwest Coll 732 648o 

Nice 'N’ Clean 
! I bedroom, drapes, paneled car j pet, air storage area 512o Water i paid only 
Lockland Kelly area 
922 13*5. 
NO LEASE REQUIRED 
Neqr Ft sum ond downtown Et 
1 tic. Apts Blfls Paid 589 per mo 
I 277 4/o2 1934 E Houston 
North Central location E lm ira and McCullough end 'n35 Near bus, adults only No pets F u r­ nished t b ed ro om , u p s ta irs . 
Water pp $115. with pep 6 Mo 
Lease 224 53o1 atter 4 and weo- kends. *96 o7)o 
NORTHEAST 118 LEASE 
A tli a c tiv e I bed ro om , dish washer snag, pool Bills pd !t*5 and up 575 O^p IO Mm Ft 5am 
321o I IV E N H A U E R oft H a rry 
War (bach >22 9ty-< 
Nim th Vtu< Mail Area Luxury I and 7 bedroom . I t l l ana UP 
LORI EL 
APTS. 
255 Rampart 
I **7 74oo 
NW. clean jgtuge up! f ultv turn 

# 

L A P L A Z A 

3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

• I 2 3 Bedrooms 

• Stogie and Family 
Sections 

• Fireplaces 
• Tennis 

I IS HW lo o p 41o 

Across from 

North Star M ail 

I, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apt*. Furnished or Unfur­ nished. 

11721 Parliament 
369-3149 

 l i l l / i d e 

N e a r 

K e l l y - L a c k l a n d 

A F B 
Limited numEjt-r of e f­ ficiencies and 
I -bedroom apts. Now available. 

5 8 oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 

6 7 4 - 7 o o 4 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN APARTM ENT 
Unforgettable os its name 
1-BEDROOM, $155. 
2 BEDROOM, 521o 
U T IL IT IE S PAID 
824 oo61, 828-7393 
TOWNHOUSE POOLSIDE 
3 Bedrooms. 2 baths, formal din mg, walk-in closets. Large patio, 2 covered parking at your door 
THE HERITAGE 
3543 Babcock at NW Loop 41o 
341 2228 

VILLAGE OAKS APTS. 
1-2 Bedrooms, and Etticiences 
U TILITIES PAID 
BOH N New Braunfels 828 4247 
WALKING DISTANCE TO SAC 
Near Trinity, $115 per mo. I be­ droom 
$115 per mo 
341-8134. 
494 3229. 
3o1-o9-15 W. Magnolia 
A partm ents from HOO and up 
Near SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines. Call 733-985/ 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

E ffic . to 3 b d rm . 
Townhouse with Fire­ p la c e s . 
12 F lo o r plans. Adult & Family 
Areas. 

6623 Callaghan Rd 
L S I 6 9 6 - 3 2 9 o 

3 YR O LD 4-PLEX NW A REA 
Near Loop 41o, l l, shag, bills pd. 
116o mo No pets Coll 8-5 22/ 6279; 
342-1834; after 7pm 34) 2175 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPLEXES 

• 415 ond 522 • E LOCUST o f f n. M c C u llo u g h 226 *868 
712 B A IL E Y , Southside 4 room duplex Neqr school 826 2233 bdrm house, fenced, neor South 
•ark Moll. $125 mo 923 /po; 

 bdrm , living, kitchen, bath, 31? 
I 
Cypress, 
$155, collect 
\345-l777 clean 2 bdrm, has air, reody occupied lits rated, 735-912), tee (645 2) 
2o5 CLAREMONT 
DUPLEX. 824 79o1 
1o2 tenc 
RRO L (N o rth ), 3 1, a ir. 
$1*5 826 7913 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private odult ond (emily section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
'9o9 Woodvton* Drive 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 Bdrm, and 
3 Bdrm Apts. 

Family Ii Adult A r * * * AH 
Electric K ilch*ns laundry tm * rn **c h Building Out side S to rag e 
N u rth sid e 
School District Buses to AN 

441 I Gardendale 

696 -4 89 2 

ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR RUS SERVICE 

1 -BEDROOM, $17o. 
2 BEDROOM, $2o5. 

FOOL, UTILITIES PO CKW IO 

SHOPPING CENTER ANO POST 

OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
SBI 5 WIST AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

H ig h la n d s , 3 b e d ro o m ho u se, s e p a ra te d in in g , a ir u n it. w a ll heat, 1)75 mo, $75 Doo 2 Children accepted Bu* 43? 5625__________ 
Lorge 7*bdrm , carpet, airline, no lease, now lust 1165 
United, 735 912), tee 1649-1) 
17o Meadow T r a il.'(SW E 4 2, ofr, fence, garage, $25o 826 79) 3 
O r a 3 bdrm , fenced tor k id ! ond p e ti. air, garage, 1175 
United, 735 912), tee W 1 1 ) 
Polm Hts, 2 bdrm , den, oir, stor age, fenced. $15o, colt 
United, 7)5-9121, fee (645-3) 
139 ReefRtdge (L acklan d , K e lly ) 
3-1. a ir, fenced. I UP 826- 7913 
St M a r y '! s p ec ial, a ll b ills pd. fenced for pets, garage. $11$ 
United, 735 912). tee (644 1) 
U T S A , q u a in t c o tta g e , has a ir , corpet, oets OK, only VI3V 
Orated 7J5 91J1, fee (654 I) 

4o8 HOMES. DORI EKES, 

 t a t us find y o u r*— 
2 4 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSf-APARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
898-o681 
FREE—-N o charge to yow 
‘ Wit ftrofttiiuRuiv »n ap! lot tit my * 

 jA p o A tite flte -- 
U it if t u M 

WINDCREST { 

APARTM ENTS 

 bu lory living in Northm an 
Son Antonio 

FROM $2IS 
656 o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

512o mo brits ad Bachetots only. 
735 *444___________________________ 

Out A tm Hw y ant) lW" i i Vt or th, 
$/5 t*u. i ond 2 bedroom cottages 
F u rn and untgrn 
C le an , q uiet, park like a rea , utilities port paid. nu chum en, no pet* 824 *o51 
P~A N ~AM A l a ' m 
'N T i — 
54o2 B IE N V IL L E DM oft W enlner r a M odern I Bern porn 65) 24«3 
PECAN VALLEY 
GON Club Apts. 
34SQ E. SOIIEHCRIISS 
333 9o2o 

— HILLTOP — i 
VILLAGE INC. 
HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

5 12-257-7911 

A M ethodist M inistry to the 

 a y m y . providing 3 levo!* o ( c are 
Retirem ent, ICF ll, ICF 

III 
Retirem ent ren te* tortm g 

 o f $ 2 4 1 m onth 
N or king ra 

 tes starting at $ 3 3 5 m onth 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 

APARTMENTS 

On Recti star Moll 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 

• • • • • • • 

^ ■ b c s c k 

 a p a r t m e n t s 

Free Utilities 
Country lo ,n y rn int. City 
I bedroom Apts now available 
6 mile* north of loop 4 IO on Babcock turn left at Gpringiime 
6542 Spring Branch 
69o-146o 
I 

 kite he 
BJ? t i 

 k # i t i 

C ra m e ttic ie n c y 
I. gas w ater aa la rg e 
1*o 

SPACE FON LEASE 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E M A NO 
4 /4 JIB! or *95 144/ 

I 
:*e »< ei, a ir r o u * . shops 1)4 wk $125 m o up Brit* pd section 
8 534 34*1, 434 9445_______________ 
Ltticiency apl n e a r'T rin ity and busline, 824 2JI> atter /pm . 

1 8 3 /K HO U S TO N J bedroom apartm ent. 544 m e 115 dope 
Sit W ater paid 5)2 31o/ 
JACK M IT C H E L L R E A L T Y 

E n iu v in * g e n tle p a c e a l the b o a rd w a lk 
S pend yo u r o tte r noons i hutting with friends d u rra * a aurae el b rid e * C t** * Ie Wan d e rle n d or C e n tra l P a rk M a ll 
Catch e bus Ie anyw here Join uur com m unity w here ell ages share the goad Me 
153* Wast Avenue 349 4283 

5 room ap t. c lo s * ta $ A lt, bus' downtown clean 7)4 5*3) 
Room m ate Apartm ent M o te ' 
We h a y * several people loosi tg tor a com patible person (som e sex O nly) Call M*t> am user inc 
I ie * -n t i 

J t o o M i (“u r n I J h f o 

B a rry G riitngw ater Ca 
‘ f N E # i e N V iC F 

I , To! E n 'N' o d ic * end W ei *H «ut 
1)932 Medium 1)75 mo tie >i9t 

4125 SQ PT. 
PRIMP Of PICI SPACE 

I story brick building J cen­ tra l a ir heat units ie doe va 
F t p erkin g areg. excellent term s 
•$ 1 6 N N e w B r a u n fe ls 
•2 6 J4UU t i t o * 5 ) 

4''i i n 
« H r r - w « f * i . . u -> ; W o n rag* m acing 
144 F re d eric ks b u rg pl Cwieb>* 3*4 * tee or to t M f * 

APARTMENT FINDERS 
824 6351 

FREI SOlil HSIOf 
LOCATOR SERVICE tm < K in e s 
I I and I bedroom s tm a or untgrn l l ) (Joe 
^ r e # u T iiJ ti* * 
A l t r e c l i v * b e ch eto r* e tticien cy 
C a rp e t bur 
Near Ft Sum m e m #«th 124 4 /M 

 i i n r 7 u T r s h -. d T 
» .u , w>.r. t ^ t 
A h , I BWS K e n , COM Aby Day Or 
Night t i m ie Q rn tltf tO H 
{ t k fVM UoRed t Bedroom lip ? * 
Am 
CWI Any O ur or (y e s 
7 M 
A M 
I H M I I I I H I 
........ m 
' n r u ------------- ---- - 

■ h o t waler, bills i t s per mo 5)2 13*6 
7o1 Ruosevelf, at M .u h 'u i.J s l il clean rooms, only 1/6, but, stores 
7)2 8216, 4*4 o*34 494 JIB) 

SOUTH CENTRAL 
1 Bedroom Untorn f i l l 
I Bedroom . Furn, $14o 
2 B edroom . U nturn 1156 
J Bedroom P orn VI76 
C o n tro l h e a t a ir , e x t r a la r g e rooms near 
South side G lob* 
927 5924 

South Vide t Bedroom apts car poled, pool Close to shopping and 
Schools 
A ll brits bd 
11/5 
)/J 5 
Pleasanton Rd 92/ 4o41, 12? I3>3 
Sodthsido l bedroom bills paid, I 
I hud VIOO mu 5/5 Pep 97) o449 

SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
$127 MO TURN b ra n d now e le g a n t e ttic ie n c es , poet shag c a rp e t, big closets fa n ta s tic k itc h e n 
R obins N e st 
Apt 53) Net w elts Bled s i! e m spec lees J end I bedroom * ideal tot re v na m arrieds with a smelt chn# th e Boardw alk otters lb s d loom s onto, II tor $ } *• 
2 ROCM*. club • IMMU bhd tburidrv 
Close to w onderland and C entral fo r k 
353* Weal Avenee HS 42*1 
B g rry Q dtrayw ater Cg 

Vpacteo* I bedroom opt clos* Ie 
K e lly 
$ « f, w a t * i b o id 
S M a. 
________— 
. t o * la s t et su its e th e l t o u t v u 
Ab 
Mu iMt I x e e l ss m w ) 
( A ll 1 )5 1444 

A A A A A A A H H H H y o u r o w n 
HO M E AT L A S T ' Bi uutitol town hou*#. central heat and air 
Only 
51o6 dow n p a v m e n ts $ U 9 
No c re d it ’ No pi a b ie n t! 922 I7u4. 
*7 ) 4/14. 4/4 title 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L E V t A T f 

A B h A u f 'lF U l W A Y TO L IV E la r g e trees, covered te rra c e . 2 bedrooms, I or 2 baths larg e clo sets, available Feb l i t 
THE H E R IT A G E 
I$43 Babcock of NW LOOR * ! • 
341 t i l t 

AT 533 w 
M agnolia, clou ii I bo droom , near bus $95 Pius dup w ator od 223-1426 

 b b AU I IF U L True House Apts in gurdon C am ple* near b ro c h an rid g e Pk 
T rin ity U a nd D o w n ­ town View at City Pool L aundry 
M o d e rn and c o m ia rta b t* M a n a g e r. M U IR E M R Y T K M R AC E 
A PTS l it s t M u lb erry, 823-5434 

I Bedroom 2 bath. studio opt 5431 
N 
New 
Braunfels. 
VSI wk 

I bedroom Tov civ vuTcT Ft" Sam area ceti collect I )*? 84*3 arter 

CASTIE HULS AREA 
For Quiet m ature residents. 2 be droom , I bath S2I5 
I Bedroom , 
$1/5. F ree utilities Pool, cai ports 
Ask tor I crane Thomas 
JOI S ill 
Or IJS 9)14 eves ond weekends 

'C ASTLE H IL L S A R C A 
I or 2 bedrom apt dow nstairs ot 
4 p ie* unit Q uiet, att brits paid 
1145 341 455) 
_________ 

CIQUOHAVEN APTS 
135 C L O U D H A V E N 
V ery race 4 bedroom apts, feruled lust Behind shaker $ P k iu oft the 
Austin Hwy *28 18o5 Or 824 IO *I 

CONVENIENCE lo o p 41o Vance Jackson Rd 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2-bEOM OOM -1225 B IL L S PO 
P A M K D A LE APTS 14? o1*1 

I B eU ieo m . t? M m o 
I Be a i aam 
>14o mo AU brits pd 
D up r e q u ir e d t n t 
T IM B E R S 
A P T $ 
N e a r 
Bi oohs A F B 
4*2 U T O P IA , 
J U 6tee 

C O V E R E D P A R K IN G AT YO U K 
DOOR 
U tilities paid 2 Bedroom , 2 both, closets you can I believe 
THE H E R IT A G E 
154J Babcock at n w Loop 4t« 
24I-2M 8 
D E A D I N O n fO E AW AY 
I bedroom duplex Nile- 8?> *94> 

D U P L E ll? i i * S u tto n c e n tr a l a ir heat, l-t-l, carpet, drapes, tike new $14^ *44 o/44 
_ 

EDEN ROC APTS 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E M U LB E R R Y 
Luxury living at reasonable price la r g e beautiful etticiency and I ond 2 bedroom opts Lorge pool. next door to Ft Sons and 2 blks 1 from B rackenridg e Golf Course 
S econds fro m d o w n to w n , m in fro m N o rth S tar a nd W in d s o r 
Pork Moils 824 S64I 
F re s h ly p a in te d 
3 room s ond both, near SAC 8o3 E Asnov. S/5 per mo. w ater od /34 6)3*_______ 

GREENWICH VlllKGE 
ID EA L LOCATION 
J B E D R O O M S , Furn S22S 
U T IL IT IE S PAID 
215 Jackson K eller 
________824-9871_______ 
H A R R Y W U R ZB A C H lo v e ly 2 bedroom , I bath apl with stove ond refrig era to r, townhouse concept in a 4 pies near Ft Sam 
Houston and shopping 
SISO mo 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y . 654 6*1* 

HERWECK HOUSC 
3 B e d r o o m . I bath . 131o 
Across s tre e t tra m Lee H igh. J b lk tra m N im it i H ig h , I b lk 
Jackson M etier E le m e n ta ry 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
ALL U T IL IT IE S R A IO 
233 H E R W E C K OW 144HQ4 

IF YOU Q U A LIFY 

I Bedroom 1 Both $ 1 4 2 U t* 
I bedroom 1 Burn 1159 $221 
I Bedroom I Batt) $179 $244 

A A A A A A A W. Still Renting ' stop throw ing cash aw ay! Own a rate hom e 
O n ly $2oo lo $3oo dow n, fro m $ t*9 to $249 a m onth 
N o 
Credits O K ! 
922 17o4 673-47)4, 674 75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S TA TE 
AA a a a a Hom e ot your own con be yours for as tittle as $2oo down ond pavm ents less m on rent No credit? No problem * 
J KJ R ealty 
*74-8883 
A N Y T IM E 

 a a a a i d e a 
W hy rent? Own your own ) be droom H om es att over sdn Ah tom e A p p ro x im a te ly $2oo totol m ove in Pavm ents less thon re n t 
*7$-1*9), 423 572o, *74 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 
A Choice ol 3-4 bedroom homes tg re n t 
L e as e w ith option to buy 
Own your home NOW • $ I VO to $5oo mo. 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO j 
49o 899o Eves 696 88o5. 34) 7712 

KEY CROUP 
Across street ST M ary1 * Univ 
2 bedroom unfurnished home. $t*$ 
o mo Plus deposit t i t C om al* a i 
Santo M a ria Phone E d Kiolbos 
SO 5t2 852 2492 

A L A M O H G TS S C H O O LS 
I be 
Croom- 
1 bam . carport, J a ir un 
• is, no appliances, 124 E rro l, SISO 
8/4-43*8 
MF A V IS R E A L T Y CO 
!? • J • and 4 bedroom apartm ents a n d ho m e a v a ila b le now fro m 
St4o to $27$ Good locations, race 
1 cieon homes Con be shown / dors 
'w eek, 
•24 2)91 (A n y tim e ) 

 beanie Owens 
R E A L fO R S . 1142 A U S T IN H W Y 
A nice 2 bedroom . 2 bam duaHA. a ll extras, north of 4)6 and Cen trql pork, $196 
$26 south Trait, 
344 2)12 
________ _ 

A race 2 b e d ro o m d u p le x , a p tritone es $125 (O ft St Cloud) l i t 
John Adam s, 344-31)2 

A ro c k m a n s io n on 7 "o c T T i re m in is c e n t ot C iv il W a r T a i a 
4 4-2 ♦ o ffic e tor b u s in e s s or quarters. 38o6 Mi It 6 fireplaces. con pasture horses 24 m i N orth of t*» t $5oo rn* 49$ e m b a b ie c k N o r th . 3 2 -J , n e w ly pointed, lorge corner lot. p riva te fe n c e , a ll a p p lia n c e s , w a s h * * d ry er conn. 455 2425, 654 8579 
I b d loora d u p ttx .'U /v bow son St 
556 mo 22*o)17 
______________ 

B E A U T IF U L 3-2-i, c o n tro l a ir. 
;C o r a * tin g , fe n c e d y a r d . N E 
Schools, built in appliances. $2*5 mo 655 *212, 4$) Its * ____________ 

3 B edroom , I bath h o u *# , n e ar 
Edison High, ) a ir units, cai ut t , fenced $15o 8 2* 5383 

J B e d ro o m , )'> B ath? k 
. 
-Ti-.-i 
- 
- e n t r o t heal on $2o6 m a NC schools 
C e n t u r y 21 

M O N E W A V E R S R E A L T Y 
ASP242o A N Y T IM E 
) bed ro o m . I bath duplex near 
L i t lib ra ! Kelly 
S/8* 
644 4 J JO. 
244 *2o7 
B E A N IE O W ENS R E A L IQ R s 
I B edroom Horn*, n e ar busline 
*"»d schools 5VO mu //» sins* 

• b d l r i f . 

2 bedroom unfurnished tie * 
2I« RAUL 533 il*7 
JACK M IT C H E L ! MUAC TV 

•IL L S R A IO i i i ? k l $27* 
•» * M U 
S f t l f l A A SSOC RE At IG R * 

 t* e * * s s Alee xmovs 

 drew, no Rots Reasonable prices 
1(2 8 *6 .1 
__________ 
F A N T A S T IC " 
I d i o r i t e s 2 b e d ro o m 2 b a th lo v e ly ta r g e k itc h e n w ith i- erne* ar 
I I M se ft 
Net th cen tref e re * $1*6 bitts Reid 
APAR I M L N I * U N L IM IT E D 
M I WEIL 
.... 
F ie * a b d • Invents a b s t a in and eownstrpws, I end 4 learns Rent 
$75 5146 per rn a nth 
F irs t cam e 
F irs t s erv e 
N e ed little re e e -r l i l t (a k e b i* H i M e * 

I ii spit u iio u H ilts d u p le * , 2 be droom 
I b a th . c o n tra ! s ir and heat lanced h im ! $225 plus bitts 
4*4 T IU . 212 M I ) 

 i A B A N D E R A ARTS 
L U X U R Y I end I bedroom opts 
I ITI B A N D E R A RO 4)3 33)4 

" L IV E B E T T E R FOR H S I * 
G R O U N D L C V R L D O R I E X R ! 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
HIG HS A N D M ILLS ARTS 
'*!■ t 
SOU I H i R D I 

W* » IP MEMFfV m 
LS A R T ! 

^ 
J Z 
J * 

 breakfast ream . 
• b * r et» am m a a *n eerie m any ether e xtra s 4E4-IIo8 
______ 

S 13oJ1S 5 
BLA NCO RO an# BASSE RO 
12 V *d f tom s Gas W ater Rd 
. . J a r 
“JLJISLl mr IOO lh * tr ip * 
I I I w ith appt, 
(g ro a t, arr. heat lanced. $145 
- 
M m * * * Z IV F u i't e e USA i i 

C ar B e l* a. I b d rm "cenlr ai" heal. arr with appt lest b it* 
J Z b R g iT T lH IIL Iq * tb)7 ti 

o28733o9 

EM PLOYM ENT 

E n g i n e e r i n g for your 
DESIGN 
ENGINEER 

N q u if t t a groduate ile rtn c o l or 
M ech an ical 

Engineer (rp en e ru e d in air con dition ing w ith in ­ 

 dustrial exposure to m oderato production volum es 

 n dosriobio 

Exceptional bonofits pockago, salary ond op 

 portum ty to b vt in one of tho finest areas in the 

United Stat t v 

 lf qualified please m oil resum e inclu ding 

 education, work, colory history and telephone 

 num ber to: 

GENERAL ELECTRIC 

T r o u p H w y . 
T y l e r , T X 7 3 7 1 1 
^ o n ecproil o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r M / F 

2 LINES 
IO DAYS 

C O M M E R C I A L ! 

C A N C E L L A B L E 

W I T H O U T 

R A T E C H A N G E 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK 
RE 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

LEASE/OPTION 
We bote two, both for USO per month 
3 ond 4 bedrooms, one bos a nreplnce 
N I 
Schools. 
MacArthur ond 
Roosevelt 
Both in the 3o's. 
8 2 8-63 91 , Anytim e 

 lf 
I t u n firm 

 b e a l t o b n o s 

1oo3 H L loop 41o 

C hildren welcom ed, 2 bdrm house for only SSS, fenced, h u rry to 
United, 735-9121. tee (656-2) 
ISS Clarem ont, 2 bedroom duplex, appliances, 2 biles off Broadway 
SI4o mo. 344-4oo2. 
__________ 
Clean 3 bdrm , stove, refrig. S2oo mo 648-1323 656-o242 ___________ 
C L E A N , c a rp e te d 3 b e d ro o m 
*175 mo. 
Convenient bases. 
6o6-742o 
W A Y N E S L A T E R R E A L T O R S 
C le a n 3-1-1C P, fe n c e d y a rd . 
N E IS D Convenient to M a ll and 
P l Sam $165 per mo. td ep . 

 north loop inc. 
I t a d c .u i c 
■ 
R E A L T O R S -M L S 
828-5636 
CLO SE-IN , 2 bedrooms. $13o mo 
226-3449. 
C O LO N IES N O R TH 
The Sum m it. 3-2-2, form al living- dim ng, den, lovely kitch en and breakfast room, all builtin *, cent a ir h e a t, c a rp e te d , d ra p e d , fenced Im m acu late M in from 
Meet Center. 342-79o4. 
C o u n try liv in g , m o d e rn hom e, scenic ranch. 2o min, SE Fenced yard, sw im m ing pool. A vailab le im m ediately. $185. 667 1379 
2-1-CP, fenced, I child, near K elly and busline. 732-3781 
M C P, fenced, $85 mo off 22oo blk 
Rigsby of 147 Pioneer inquire a l 
135 Pioneer 
2-1-CP, fenced ya rd , carp e te d, paneled. SISO mo No ch ild re n , close to St. M a ry 's U 341-383o. 
527 D a w n v ie w , b e a u tifu l 3 be- droom, I bath, with fenced yard, a ir, a p p lian ce s, a v a ila b le Feb 
22nd, $19o. mo. 655-7458, appoint- ment only.________________ 
DO YO U W AN T to rent or buy a 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m h 
Ie 828-o755 til 8 pm_______ 
D u p le x d e lu x e , la rg e I b d rm , fenced for all, appl, $ioo 
United, 735-9121, tee (643-1) 
3-2 Duplex $235. mo. 
T E X A S A P T . LO C A T O R S 
349-3685 • NO F E E _______ 
Elegant 4-2-2, huge den with tire p la c e . L o ts of e x t r a s . $35o. 
653-3888 after L R E A . 
_________ 
172o E l M onte, $14o 5 R oom s, w ater pa. 828-5492, $5o Pep. 

EXECUTIVES 
Prestigious Larg e Home 
Loop 41o-Babcock Rd 
Spectacular City View 
3-4 Bedroom s, 3 Baths 
All The Luxury Features 
Owner Leasing F o r $6oo Mo 
Call Fo r Appt 494-2237 (P M ) 
3-2-2, fireplace. 129o sq ft., like new c a rp e t, I y r o ld . V a lle y 
Forge area, N E Schools $3oo mo. 
824 63o8, 826-8312. _____________ 
FO R L E A S E - Large 2 bedroom s. 
2' i baths Townhome. Living, d in ­ ing, fa m ily and u tility room s 2 car garage, fireplace, brood new 
Y a rd c a re fu rn is h e d P a y own utilities Prestigious C o lt Course 
Su bdivision . C a ll P A 
Y ochem , day 824-7532, nites and weekends. 
826-6872. 
_____________ 
FO R L E A S E . Lu xu ry duplex 15oo sa ft 2 bedroom s, 2 fu ll baths, se p a ra te d in in g , sun ken liv in g room w ith fire p la c e , carp e te d , d ra p e d . J u s t re d e c o ra te d A ll e le ctric kitch en, in clu d in g d is h ­ w ash e r, w a s h e r-d ry e r c o n n e c ­ tions P riv a cy patio. 2 c a r garage 
Excellent location, near W indsor 
Pork M all. I Y r lease, *3oo per mo. $15o Dep Alam o Hats Real- tv, M r Kelly, 826-o696___________ 
FO R R E N T D elightful 3-2 home. 
A H S ch o o ls -c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, 
C o m p le te ly re m o d e le d H a rd wood floors-ftreplace plus den. 
*28-1962 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826-8673 Anytim e 

4 o 8 
HOMES, 

UNFURNISHED 

MEW 4 FLEXES 
1121o B E L AIR, oH Lo ck h ill Sel­ m a, I and 2 bedroom s, $12o to 
$1SS 349 7186, 733-7194, 432-7741. 

. a i m a n s o m m m t i b m i m s w b s m m m m m s a t . m s s w m i B t ™ ........................... 
~ ~ 
' 
" s 

N E , 3 y rs, 3-1-1, cent a ir, n ear 
R A FB-W indsor 
M all, 
$195, 
658-426o 
641o N F L O R E S 
2 bedroom duplex, air-heot, c a r­ port, SUO. W ater pd. No pets. 
494 5678 
NO C R E D IT N E E D E D ! 
Why not own you own hom e? Just 
52oo down! From $159 per month. 
922-17o6, 673-4714. 674-75o9 
PA T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
No deposit, no lease, m ove in now! 2 bdrm , only $5o, fenced 
United, 735 9121, tee (661-1) 
North central I bdrm , has appl, pets OK, just $11o, call 
United, 735-9121, lee (661-3) 
North side, 5 room, tile bath and kitchen, water ad. 
$1oo mo. 
494-263o. 
Northwest, Sunset H ills, $225. mo. 
3 bedroom s, A b a t t is , cove re d potio, fenced bock yard, 696-4291. 
NW 2 bedroom house, air, 59o mo. 
A lso tu rn or u n fu rn a p t. *75. 
223 4641 or 695-9263 
NW 3- l ’ 2d u p le x . c a rp e t, op- plionces. p rivacy. *225. 494-69o1 
NW 4-2, new, c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, large yard, storage 433-4387. 

Oak H ills, 4-2-2, has everthin g. 
Lease S4oo mo. 696-7546 
Only *12o for 3 bdrm , low deposit, no lease, kids, pets OK 
United, 735-9121, fee (653 2) 
P a rtic u la r? Spacious 6 room , I bath, upper duplex, no children or pets. W ater paid. *135 736 1387 
Q u a in t I b d rm w ith fire p la c e , storage, fenced for pets, *125 
United, 735-9121, fee (641-3) 
Quiet, secluded, sm all I bedroom house, p a rtia lly tu rn *14o mo water ond electricity paid, space for garden, pool a v ailab le , N E . prefer retired couple. 824-4626. 
R E N T A L S 
W E H A N D L E 
Choice N E Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
824 7361, 1324 Austin Hwy 

SICRE! A U AL SEB VIC! located in Northside office complex. 
Specializing in dicta hon, typing, 
Xerox copies, phone answering service and so forth. Law down pay ment with owner terms. 

SPORTING GOODS 
Old established company 
Ma|or brand names of sporting equipment and apparel Best known nome in the area, low price includes prime real estate. 

BARBEQUE RESTAURANT 
Northside on busy thoroughfare. 
Specializing in real pit-cooked barbeque. Also catering ond faod- 
*o ao 
Special package price in­ cludes the teol estate. 

PRICE REDUCED 
Owner going abroad and must sell this luxurious beauty salon. 
Operators will remain. Make offer today, 

MEAT COMPANY 
Custom packager of restaurant and institutio not - style steaks Building and equipment like new. Un­ believably low-priced 

TOOD DISTRIBUTOR 
High volume foods compony calling on restaurants, hotels, grocery stores ond other fine outlets. The most respected nome in the in­ dustry. 

 monoge 

OYSTER BAR AND LOUNGE 

Beautiful lounge, North area with mixed drinks, dancing ond limmted food service menu. 
BAKERY CHAIN large bakery with multiple com­ pany owned stores. Truce routes, ond institutional contracts. 
PIZZA RESTAURANTS 
Several choice locations Purchase one or more of these very profitable stores. Owner will train 
CAR RENTAL COMPANY large franchised company with of­ fices thruout Texas. Goon r ment may be retained. 

COCKTAIL LOUNGE 
Northwest — in high traffic area live musk. Terms to qualified buyer. 
BARBEQUE - SOUTH 
Potty room, barbeque, catenng, convenience store Purchase with or without the property. 
FAST FOOD BUSINESS loop 41o near Lockland. Owner retiring, good terms. 
TRUCK WASH 
Mobile truck ond car wash unit. 
Completely self-contained to wash fleets of vehkles any time, any place ta HOUSE 
Northside, vocant. lease or purchase the reol estate on good terms. 

MIXED DRINKS located on beautiful San Antonio 
River. Act now and you ton be in business by the tourist season 

LIQUOR STORE 
Well-established and successful highly profitable Owner will assist in training ond financing 

U W N MOWER SAUS AND 
SERVICE 
Westside, modern facilities, best of equipment. 
High volume soles 
Owner retiring and will train 

PAINT STORE 

Must sell to settle estate Well established company with national ly advertised brands. 

ROOFING COMPANY 
Specializing in high quality roofing and remodeling. Owner retiring. 
Price includes reol estate. 

BEAUTY SHOP-NORTHSIDE 
Out of state awner says sell. High gross ond net profit. 
Skilled operators may be retained Books open. 

CAMPER TRAILBI COMPANY 
Soles and service for several ex­ clusive lines of campers and recreational vehicles. 
Excellent location, good business. 

 r n 
R E A L T O ar 

M A N Y OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4139 G ardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

FO R R EN T -tavelv tike new home in Alam o Hgt*. 3-2, livin g and din in g ro o m , tu n ro o m 
C e n tr a l heot-oir M an y outstan ding fe a ­ tures 828 1962 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826 8673 Anytim e 

G ro z in 52 a cre * . 2 b d rm ro ck 
House, den, bos stock tank fru it 
W ill not trees, coastal B erm uda 
'last Call 
United, 735-9121, tee (64o 3) 

R en t by ow n er, C a m e lo t tow n­ house, 3 bedroom , 2’ ibath , c a r ­ peting, covered patio, 2 car gar- age. N E Schools, near W indsor 
M all, R.A.F.B., Ft Sam, available m id M arch, *3oo mo, *2oo. Oep. 12 mo lease, 656-7758.______________ 
3 Room house, *5o dep; $85 mo 
Coll 532 6714___________________ 
I room house, near SAC. *1oo per mo 732-2291 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S D U P L E X 
14327 Brookhollow, 2 bedroom s, I b a th -o v e r HOO sq .ft.. P r iv a c y fenced rear yard, new paint and carpet, *25o per m onth, I y e ar leo*e-woter bill pd. Call 732-558o. 
Eves 492-9268, 492 2448. 
SE area 3119 H icks, 2 bedroom, I both, fenced. 924-o476. 
S m all p a rtly tu rn house, re a r, clean, Southside *7o 623-439o 
Spacious 3 bdrm , l ' j bath, appl, carpet, cent heat-air, den. fenced. 
*185 
United, 735-9121, fee (663-3) 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
I Bedroom , *12o New 4-Plexes, 
1121o B E L A IR , Apt 3 349-7186. 
733-7194, 432-7741 
STO P LO O K IN G ! C all now for a large selection of 3 ond 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease with option to buy or own. P riced from *22o *65o mo Coll til 8 P M . 
Executive Real Estate 824-5345 
Students big I bdrm , has appl and air, just *14o 
United, 735-9121, tee (649-3) 
T E R R E L L H ILLS- 3 bedroom s. 2 both, g a rd e n room , hard w o o d floors. *275 mo. 656-1234 

RED CARPET 
The Glen 
Lovely 3-2, *295 month 822-3o41 
TO W N H O U SE 
B e a u tifu l liv in g , c a re fre e , co n ­ veniently located 3-2-2. C a rd e n patio to garage. Fireplace. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent Locators 828-5739 
U N F U R N I S H E D 2 b e d ro o m house, fenced, a ir condition and heat N e o r F o rt Som 736-2896, 
922-2591 ofter 5 ond weekends 

UNITED HOME RENTALS is ce le b ra tin g it's firs t a n n iv e r­ sary and wish to thank out thou­ sands of satisfied clients tor m ak­ ing it possible W e're looking for­ w ard to m any m ore years of pro- gress in San Antonio 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
RNE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
O w ™ , 12 y rs ., G ro ss $ 1 2 o ,o o o 
N o ts $ 2 7 ,o o o y r. G o o d p a r k in g . 
$ 3 5 ,o o o . fo r m s . 

POLYGRAPHING A INVESTIGATION 
T o p a cco u n ts. 
W ill ro a ch n o w o w n e r 
N O H 
$ 2 o ,o o o y r. 
$ 1 5 ,o o o d n . 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY k o d a k d o n I o r, n ic o fix tu re s , 

 l o o OOO 5 o , 
' "*** 
* 3 S '° ° ° - 

EAST FOOD OPERATION 
A ls o to g o . O w n o r 1 9 y rs . A lw a y s b u s y . N o ts $ 1 4 ,o o o y r., $ 1 2 ,o o o . 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST 

 m ix e d A 
M lo u n g e , g r o s s ­ in g $ 4 o ,o o o m o . sh o rt h rs ., g o o d lo o s e , s o o n $ 1 3 o , $ 4 5 ,o o o dn . 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 

N .I ., o w n e r 
9 y rs., til, g ro s s 
$ 8 o ,o o o . 
N O H $ 2 o ,o o o y r. 
$ 5 8 o o d n . 

CUAN DABY KRUM ix c o H o n t p a r k in g , lo a d s a f e q p t ., m o n e y m a k e r . $ 8 5 o o T e rm s. 

RNEST MIXED DRINK CLUB 
W it h fo o d . 
N .I . t o s t fix tu re s . 
N o n $ 4 ,3 o o m o . $ 2 o ,o o o d n . 

BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ix e d d rin k s. 
S o o n 
1 2 o . G ro s s 

* 4 o o o o 
” 

U M I IW Y W A W A T tm 

1 % . ? , S S S 

X X V PO M HSU 
M ix e d d rin k s. 
N o n $ 2 o o o m o . 
$ 1 5 .o o o dn . N o c o m p e titio n . 

NORTHSIDE GROOMING SALON 
T a p sp o t. t o s t c lie n te le , le t. 
13 y r s . N o ts $ 1 o ,o o o y r. $ 5 ,o o o d n . 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS m o n e y m a k e rs , d e a n g o o d p a rk in g , le a s e s . 
N I , fix tu re s , te rm s . 
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 

N I , 5 o p e ra t o rs, g ro s s $ 5 5 ,o o o . 
(Ll (jacclraAn, Ce: 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
2oo3 N. M AIN 
735-8611 

W orm your bone*, 3 bdrm , den and fireplace, *14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (649-2) 
W O O D L A K E 
3 b e d ro o m . I ’ i b a th * , c e n t r a l h e a t ond a ir , corner lot. N ear golf club. 5265. 
922-17o4, 474-75o9 
P A T M C V E Y B E A L E S T A T E 
{Growing fa m ily ? T ry this big 2 bdrm , air, fenced, 5125 
| united, i i i 9321, tee (642-2) 
How bout garage apt with appl. fenced tor pet* *6o 
United, 735-9121, tee (443-3) 

41o • MOUSES, REIT OR SELL 

•727 F ST *3 bdrm , kitchen, both, utility room, 
*75 mo. clean, 
532 134o. 

Huge 3-1’ t-CP, appl, w all to w all carpet, cent heat-air, k id t-p e lt 
OK 
United. 735-9121. tee (GSI 3) 
In ca rn a te W ord a re a , 2 b d rm . den, air, fenced. *14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (659 1) 
L A C K L A N D K E L L Y A rea 2 be­ d ro o m tow nh ouse, c o m p le te ly carpeted, central air-heat. range, retrig *16o mo 656 1234 

RED CARPET 
Larg e ond room y 3 bedroom , 2 bath home 2918 Sir P h illip *4oo mo on a I year lease, tor detols call 828 1145 or 341-7853 nites and weekends 
L a rg e I b d rm , N o rth of Loo p , central air. opp). *135 
United, 735 9121, fee (644-2) 
L E T U S H E L P Y O U F I N O A 
H O M F that fits your fam ily and budget C all now tor our curren t list a l available rentals 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y BE A L T f 653-o55o 
L ik e new 3-3-7 w ith lo rg e f ir e ­ p la c e , d e n . c a rp e t, b u ilt m s . 
Cam elot ll *385 mo *1oo aep C all collect 1-336 3642. Boerne, Tx 
L IV E O AK neor Randolph, 4 2 1. den, fo rm a l d in in g and liv in g , 
*325 656 1478. 
________________ 
J I ’ i t, located in Sunset H ills . 
N e a r s c h o o ls a n d s h o p p in g 

412 
ROOMS, FURHHSHtD 

A L P H A H O T E L 
Reasonable, dally, weekly rates, downtown 315 N. M ain 
Bedroom , fu lly furnished, *6o a month. COH 828 3275____________ 
ROOM A N D B O AR D . *125 mo all b ills ad F o r w orking or school person. Com e bv 614 E Q uincy opt 2 osk for M rs Jones, after !2 noon 

5o1 ■ BUSINESS OPfOBTHWITItS SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

PART TIME OR FULL TIME 

 local distributor con make projected monthly gross revenue of 13432 oo port him with o projected gross profit of 33W per cent ($1)44 oo, estimated) for on estimated 7-1o hours of work per week Assume business responsibilities within 4 to B weeks ixpansion to full time business within short time possible Presently we are screening potential distributors for Son Antonio A suburban atees 

OUR PRODUCT SELLS ITSELF 

Your function as a distributor is simply restocking and servicing retail store accounts in shopping centers, molls ond commercial oreos, which limberly Brooke initially trill secure tor you Our Compony s products ore sold by employees of these relent stores so thor you ore not directly in­ volved rn soles 

QUALIFICATIONS 

We require a minimum distributor acquisition cost of 18295 oo. You con utilize our generous rebate piogrom to rapidly recoup your distributorship acquisition cost or follow our planned expansion program to a hill time business It you hove M O hours available weekly and ate sincerely interested in having a port time of full tim* business of your own ond you con meet these qualifications 

CALL TOLL FREE 
MONDAY, TUE1DAY B WEDNESDAY ONLY, 9 A.M. TO S DJL., E S T. 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
BILL FORBES 
I -8o o -2 2 3 -7 5 9 5 or I -8 o o -2 2 3 -7 5 9 7 
KIMBERLY BROOKE 
SUITE 9 5 o 
6oS THIRD AVENUE, NEW YO R K , N .Y . 1oo16 

WANTED 

DISTRIBUTORS 
DEALERS 
SALESMAN 

H ig h P r o fit * - P r o t e c t e d 
T e r r ito ry - M a r k e t P o te n ­ tia l I ne h id e r: 

RANGRRS 
I ARMERS 
U N C K AMRS 
CONTRACTORS 
A U LIG H T H A U L M * 

C O N V E R T P IC K -U P S T O 
CHIMP TR U C K* 

H Y P O W E R 
H O IST c e n - 

 v e n le n k in a r e a v a ila b le fo r a tm o * ! oil s ta n d a rd la te m o d e l 

 p ic k -u p s . fr o m h e a v y d u ty d u a l w h e e le r* ta th e little co m p o rt* 

TOTAL, 
BOIT-IN 
AP­ 
PLICATION 
NO CUTTING 
OR WELDING ATERATION 
TO FRAM! OR BOOT. 

COMPACT DESIGN AUOWS 
CONVERSION 
WITHOUT 
CHANGING APPEARANCE. 

INCREASES VALUE OF THE 
TRUCK. 

Y o u e r e In a to p m a r k e t a r e a . 
Y o u r sm alt in ­ v e s tm e n t ic r e c u re d b y 
I n v e n to ry , u n lim ite d to le * p o te n tia l. 
D o n 't d e la y , w r ite te d a y l 

Central Woof Dirt. Carp. 
9.o. Box 329 
Phoenix. A rn one 153o6 

Strums Inquiries - Coll (otlcct 
(6o2) 934-5288 

418 WAHI TO BHUT OR IMM 

Apt W anted. B la n co F itc h b u rg 
Rood Areo 226-7916 ofter torn 
Lower unturn apt of duplex m N E area 824-4877 
SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

A G a m e G r o w in g B u s in e s s 

H ill Country Sett service ens 
I station, e ra ce ry store, beer s a le s , g a ra g e , an d co ffe e shop Robert r> M cCoy Real tor P O Box 147 512-693-2133. 
M arble Falls, Tx 78654 

A U STIN R E C O R D SH OP 
Established prim e UT location 
*3o,o8o cash. 
Son 
Antonie 
226 8267 

TRIPLE NET LEASES 

Pizza Hut Restaurants in San Antonio 
(also Texas and Louisiana). Yield I 2 % on purchase price. Principles O n ly. 

CONARD COMPANIES 

B O X 3 6 1 o 

C O R P U S CHRISTI, T X . 7 8 4 o 4 

LIGHT 
MANUFACTURING 

First hme offered anywhere to the consumer Our products formula! od with SHEU I EPOXY has been used by Swift Ce., Scott Air Forte lose. Brown Dalby Restaurant and many alban 

FANTASTIC 
EARNINGS 
POTENTIAL 

OUR CO M PA N Y 
PROVIDES: 

• tin p la te Training 

• Display* A literature 

9 Free samples of mefervel 

9 Gtwr anteed sodas of these 

Start full ac part hmt Minimum investment of 13,495 SO required for information, ceil toll fiat 

1-8oo-325-3793 
Aoli for Mr. Franks, or 

G.C.C. INC. 
119o6 Manchester 
St. louis, MO 63131 

B LO O M IN G F L O W E R SH OP in N o rth w est sh o p p m e ce n te r. 
A v a ila b le M a r c h 
I 
*21o a Good clientele Calf432 5315 month 344 62o7, 484 433o 
D e a m e O w e n * C o 
3931 LO O P 41o NW 
32 7 
7234 M A R B L E C R E E K 
4-1'j-1 
5o1o A R B O R R ID G E 
3-2 
Townhouse 
684-3711 
341 7111 

Cote-Poteet, acre** school E x ­ cellent tar retired 742-31o# 

W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 

D IS T R IB U T O R S H IP 
E x c itin g 
*42* spare Time Opportunity Sag our 
M f " . S F K * r n *_______ 
D R IV E IN G R O C E R Y A N O GAS. 
*32* Pleasanton, I stop service tor att 
ASI o3oo your needs, am ple parkin# next to 

Century 21 

MONTE VISTA 

S IM M O N S R E A L 
^^^■1-742-3348. big high w ay 
E S T A T E . 
342 4o*3.________________________ 
E A S Y FO LD IN G U M B R E L L A S 
W h o le s a le . M e n ’ s 
7 t" B i# c k 
*21oo dr golf *22 oo Lad ies: l f solid *17 8# P rin t ti* OO 
3 story home and office, fireplace. Golf ti* OO Freight net included, e x c e p tio n a lly w e ll d e c o ra le d , sam ples 12 44 te ch plus shipping c e n tro ! h eat a ir. ia r a e p a v e d K w an Sun C orp. t l l l - C B rood- 

INVESTMENT Rf OUTDID em mere mfenweften, write 
OGAEETTI OfVTStON # 7 ” 

F O 8*. 14 I M M * Ut VI r n 

 m m b b S mU b U m i i b b m m m 

EARTHW ORMS 

RED WORM ENTERPRISES 

> 41o 8 Sen Padre 
(SIRI 544-4SBI 
7-4* 
I (114) >21-2421 

511 
B R U E S S O ff D R IM IIlliS 
} l H 
- p f C H l W 
T O 
I U - SPECIAL B O T tC li 
! IO 
S P i M L NOTICES 
1 1 o - S P tC I A l WBTICtS 

O W N ER K E I IR ING, well estab tith ed lin g e rie s p e c ia lity shop, repeat business and m ail orders 
W ill train 
R OSSI R E A L T Y ________ 494-7781 
O W N ER R E T IR IN G 
Garage and auto parts on ' > acre. auto parts building had 3ooo sq.tt and rents tor *5oo per mo Gat age building has 2,6oo sa ft with tats of ram p space and nets *1ooo per mo. M echanic will stay with new owner, it desired Ideal location, good terms. 349 1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
"Own Your Own Business" White 
Auto Stores, 391o C a ll F ie ld Rd 
Wichito Falls. Tx (817)692 341o 
P E N D U L U M L O U N G E , ta ke over paym ents, assum e loan on ideal night spot Near Locklan d 
673-8156 Ofter 5__________________ 
PO S S IB LE D R E A M 
That's what most people say when we tell them our distributors open their office at 5 p m and close ot 9 p.m. and earn *5o,ooo a year plus. 
D istrib u to rsh ip s now a v ailab le 
F o r p ro o f, c o ll c o lle c t (512) 
735-6151, osk for M i V o n ________ 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D unn & B ra d s tre c t sa y s Com 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y o n d D ry 
Cleanin g Stores a re one of two industries with the least failure 
(figures.' 
K W IC K W A S H c o in o p e ra te d la u n d ry and d ry cle a n in g test stores for sale 
W E H A V E choice la u n dry loco lions in every part of Son Antonio ready to build now 
BA N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For inform ation call Ed Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it o u r w a re h o u s e -s h o w ro o m at 54o3 
Jackwood. Son Antonio Tx. 78238 
Ford Com m ercial Soles Inc 
The W orld’s Largest 
Speed Queen Distributor 
RE Al estate broker needs work in g p a rtn e r w ith s a le s m a n s licen se and know ledge of com m ercial real estote iii san Anton to. 341 7 1 3 3 _________________ 
R E D W O R M S, co m p are p rice s before you buy Buy back con tra ct tim e paym ents plan on a 
I bed 8x3 It , 5o,ooo w otm s to a 
6 bed o p e ra tio n , a lso h a rv e s t m achines available. Thom as Ar nota, 64o7 O riskany, San Antonio, 
Tx 78247, SIJ 656 oo16 
R E N T A L STO R ES are profitable b u s in e s s e s 
O w n e r o p et o to r need ed w ith c a p it a l 
W E I S ­ 
G A R B E R 
P R O P E R T IE S 
349-3786 
SOUTH P A R K M A L L 99o SU ft available for lease. C oll 922-69oo or 333-o141 anytim e 

STONEWALL, TEXAS 
Close to L B J P a rk on Hwy 79o, approx. 2.4 A cres. 17-unit motel and re s ta u ra n t. C o ld s to ra g e v a u lt, hook up to r IS m o b ile homes. M any other extras Open 
T erm s C o n sid e r trod e Illn ess forces sale. *125,ooo. C oll Fronk 
Rotndi 341 9191, N iles 344 1932 

Naylor Really Inc 

-VALENTIN 
LOVE LINES 
To Be Published Valentine’s Day, Feb. 14th 

T H E W A R E H O U S E C L U B and 
Discotheque is being ottered tor sale R easonable term s, proven tin o n cio l su cce ss C o n ta ct M r, 
Stout 341 81 14. 494 3229__________ 
IOO UNIT Holiday Inn less than 2 years old on o motor highway iii a grow ing O k ie town Food foe iii ties including restaurant seating 
235. targ e b anquet room s ond lo u n ge E x c e lle n t e q u ip m e n t, good condition, sw im m ing pool 
O w n e r m u st s e ll b e c a u s e of health *75o,ooo down Fin an cin g a vailab le for responsible p arty 
P h o n e 
M r 
T o m lin s o n o r 
M r.Groce at 
4o5 584 91o2 or 
4o5 584 3311_____________________ 
WE B U Y 
Businesses and Inventories 
J K A H N 6, ASSOC 342 4822 
W illin g n e ss to w ork plus $5,ooo equals a rare opportunity. Coll 
696-4866 

WORMS 
We buy w orm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
512 653-514o 
W O RM E N T E R P R IS E S 

5o2 
B U S IN G S oPPQR1 UNITIES 

U N IT E D 

B u sin e ssm a n and in v e sto r de sires to purchase going business or franchise tor cosh or on open terms. Send com plete inform ation to E Ateek, O row er K, Portland. 
Tx. 78374. R eplies confidential. 

5o4 
MONEY TOLENO 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase of ; 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 726 o314 
1818 N BC Bldg 
Son Antonio 
H IG H LA N D P A R K ST AT E B A N K 
The bank with m ore tim e for you! 
Highland ot H o ck b trry 532-3111 
N E E D C A SH ?? 
BU T H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ? ? 
Coll Union Finance 223 6871 
P e r s o n a L p r o p e r t y , b u s in e s s loans, any amount 
IO 5pm 
277-161o 
S M A L L HONOR LO AN S 
JU ST P R O M ISE TO P A Y 
A B A C R E D IT 
723-6249 
S tartin g, expandin g, in ta n g ib le a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le c a s h a v a ila b le to r these and o th er money needs Call 67 3 8657 now 

5o6 
H1IARCIAI INVESTMENTS 
7nvTrt^ nv# tTpr^ n**7# d"tarfM lI once purchase of m olarity stock in 4o y e a r co m p a n y 
*2*o,ooo required, with ten year pay bock 
COH 1 592 16o7 

512 
INSTRUCTIONS 

GIANT SCREEN 
TV 
NOW The Ow 5, $ 1 7 foot Giant Ween 
I ti* union Bkgre ond VideoFlay has it A 
'•(hnotogrcef breakthrough ties enabled 
Yideofloy to create • unit vs compert that it n ideal tor rn horn* use it turns • living ream or termly room into a mini 
We selecting qualified rn diwduets ta distr (butt YfrY rn exclusive areel I •< finical quired lechntcel experience is net ie 
Qualified individuals must make a CAIN INYESTMtMT. secured bv in venfery Geed credit end • thong futon uel statement or* necessary to qualify far bank financing M you have netted fat Hie tight busmen opportunity end 
? 
»« leady ta meet the (Hobeny* af busmen, then anta a fen facts about yew le i, include phene number 

 p a rkin # a re e id e a l fo r ph o to ­ grapher* (has dark ream ), atter beys or architect* 
Macf arrand Phillips 
824-371o 

 way, 
New 
York, 
1212)929**4# 

Established Tavern 
Geed stobie incom e, d rin ks end g om es P rim e lo c a tio n , n e o r 
M U S T Y O U R E N T ? O w n th is Seguin on IM It ond near targe 
J 2 2. near Holm es High School in d u stry , fu lly equipped, geed 
A ir , a p p lia n c e s , c a rp e t S3So a m id in e lore# c o rn e r le t, el) down. $274 monthly 
: *45,ooo Cart) ar term*. 
J B J R E A L T Y *74-8o83 Anytim e 
C A R LO S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
— —L-v—r— sry se*7 c s g u in t e x 
Neat Pf- Sam 7 bedroom home, targe yard, 274 4868 

S EG U IN , T E X . 
I SOI E Kingsbury P Q Box 1)22 

N E A R Lackland Kelly J bedroom ‘ 
» #pi#r rn *1 ne* 
I bath c a rp o rt, s to ra g e o r ga. fenced yard, SUS. 
R O CK 6/3-41*6 
SMI T IM B E R 

N e a r L a c k la n d e n d S c h o o ls , 
3 bedroom , $165 me , 558 dee,. 
*123 Berk Vattav 735 541*.____ 
Near M edina Base. I I C P ear pet, lanced, a p p iu m es. *17o me tlM de— R. 674 62)1_______ 
N e a r St M a ry t U I bedroom home, sepal ole fam ily room oil e lectric kuchen carpeted, tent va 
Shewn by appt *25o mo. 342 4228 
9 I, 341 1414 Offer 6 
N E I b d rm ! o il b u ilt in * . piu* reefer, fenced tor ell. l i f t 
United. 715 912), fee (66o ti m T T l 1 s i, central d ir bee t, dish- washer, o k 8*64114 or 6*3-*464 
N f clean J be dr ne rn homo cor curling, teheed yard *2oo ma 
R OSSI R E A L T Y 
446 7741 
Need sRdce^ I b drm with appl im pu ted, garage, tone ye tar kids. pet* BIP* united, ft* 9121. tee toot I) 
NC. l i t kitchen appliances. I blk elementary, near P l Sam 
ItendelpB. 
U t ) alb oner 5. 
U F I ____________ 

 ta hold w orm sem inar ot M cC ro lo ss Shoppme 
Center 
Meeting 
Ream, 
Fab 5, ! 
7 34PM 
E x p e n d in g Jet B o at m an atee lurer with complete line needs lu ll 
I or poi t tim e representative in this area lo handle a new concept at telling ret boats lector v arr eel ta jc u s te m a r t 
A q u a J e t C o rn .. I 
IP O B o x 42*. F r a n t lio n 
T x. ] 
(214)876 IM I; Weekends or otter 
SPM. (714)561 o2*3._______ 
I 
Fine Jew.Hrv end G ilt Star# 
P rim e Hoi th va si location 
7.ooo SU ti V4o.oM CPU 822 *511 
♦ o, le a s e 
* M l 
H iO T 
LO U N G E 
4IO* San Pedro F u lly sauropod tor business. 341 7786 or eve* 
I IM M M 
I 
F S I S A L I "M O N S V M A KIN # 
H A R P E R SH OP M I S BR A IQ * 
G ro cerv Store So Central Yoxos iowa (pap * A M ). A n n u a l gross i e» ar 8*88.884 G e e d in c o m e 
I Owners wish ta retire 24o4 T o ri- 
•awn SI, No 132, Houston Tx >7854 

 square toot m etal buildin g tot* 
Pleasanton Rood Ownor finance. 
I 923-2218_________________________ 
L A R G E 
W E L L 
E Q U I P P E D 
D A N C E M A LL IN SAN M A R C O S 
! A T T R A C T IV E , W E S T E R N MO 
TIF C IR C U M S T A N C E S F O R C E 
IM M E D IA T E S A L E A F F ILIA T E 
C O S O U T H W E S T B U S I N E S S 
I B R O K E R S , 
AU ST IN , 
TX. 
I 1-4*4-3*17 
LO U N G # , rem odeled com pletely, tarnished Popular N X a ria m o r a A real money m aker. SISO me 
224-1414 a r 824-4*1* 

K E Y D IST R IB U T O R S Need mon| or women, tun or part tim e E x c o lle n ! in c o m e p o te n tia l 
No setting We p ro vid e IS, 25 ar so fully stocked re ta il accoun ts on complete turnkey basis You sec vice them Investm ent *1*8 per a cco u n t P e r in fo rm a tio n c a ll 
M r Paul. 914-69* 3o34 ilftu metal Social Security pig)**;’ 
1.445 casas M achine and display 
532 7434, 923-59oo 
M exican Pood Colo tor rent Fully equipped L iv in g au d ito r* . *1*o mo ♦ deposit 432 3435 

KEY 
PUNCH 
4 Short Wee ks 

D u p to D e m a n d — 
N o w { m o ltin g f o r 
A ftp rn o o n C lo ssp s 

O t h e r Training Im 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 
Nurse $ Aide Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 

Education Center 

1121 Navarro 

 f g 
— 
■ 

 love is... 

 i r ■ 
I 

S % a RL Lit t le 
VAiEMTlfOE 
M ESSA G ES. 

Send a Valentine message to someone you love with 

VALENTINE LOVE LINES 

Tell that special someone, 
"I love yo u ," in the Valentine Love lines that will appear in the Classify ed Section of the Express New* on 

M onday, February I 4th. 

You may eifhet mail your 
Valentine love Lines to the Classify ed 
Department of 
The 
Express 
News, P O . 
Box 
2 171, 
San 
A n ­ tonio, 7 8 29 7 or you may telephone it by dialing 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 . M essages 

 mailed must be received by 
Thursday, February 1oth. 

You will enjoy the low cost as much as your Special Som eone will appreciate your thoughtfulness. The 

 rate is 254 per line with a minimum of four lines, or $1 .OO minimum. 
Large type for headlines at 

 extra cost. 

 love 

1e u jV 6 som e 

CALE S P E C /a L 
U A fe -'riX ) ’ 

4 lin e s *1oo 

 ad d ition al lines 254 each 

C o m p o s e y ou r V a le n tin e lo v e lin e s a n d m a il o r 

 p h o n e th em in to E x p r e s s / N e w s C la s s ifie d 
M a tt 

 d e a d lin e , F e b JO ; b y p h o n e F o b 
I 1, 3 : o o p m. 

R o te is 25< p e r lin e ( $ 1 ) m in im u m T h e ir a te 

 a p p ro x im a te ly 3 o le tte rs a n d s p a c e s p e r lin e . 

S m a ll co st, g re a t a p p re c ia tio n 

CLIP AND MAIL YOUR VALENTINE LOVE LINES TO 

THE SAN ANTONIO 
EXPRESS NEWS 
> ,o . BOX 2171, SAN A N TO N IO , TEXAS 7 8 2 9 7 
225-1666 
OR PHONE 

AIDA CREATIONS 
4 6 o o B ism e Rd. 
4 4 4 -7 o 1 4 

HHiL'S FIOW IRS AN D 

 o u rs 

331 $ W e rt A v e . 
344 -1 37 1 

M A TTH EW S TINE 
FIOW IRS 
Delivery tw v n v 
-o z t e iM R ic K k e u e o 
7 38 -2381 

Valentine 

A A R FLORAL DE SIONS 
Hew ett end Gift* 
W ire -C ity W id e D eli very. 
C redit Card* 

FLOWERS RY JULIA 
331 I t Zo r .o m ore 
3 3 4 -1 8 4 7 

W ORTH ORCHID’S 
G ive Red Orxtd d (Hen* te r V alentine 
2ooo Law ndale 
$ 3 4 -8 84 1 

S i t M I N C H I N ! 

17744 Tkypprt Mvd , Suite 285 
Irvine. OL 47714 

I M I N I A T U R E G O L F C O U R S E S t o r n $18,ooo 121.M O , I n s ta lle d ou de ors or indoor * N e m e r* see sen* P ric e d f in a n c in g 
P R I S E S , IN 
18*81. T ri a l; 

Excellent 
E N T E R ru m e n . P a 
SSS* 

N T 

KUittBMNO /MHU B Z 
IM I 1*4. th e m e s cheet • lac ellen 
Leap 41$-B e n in Bertel A ie a I ll* vees m '7*4 
, l l . t a r p e ts , c e n t r a l s ir , d r o ll I 
W A T S O N A S O N B B A L T Q R * 
•hsMmm. STM ase - 
SM# 
I H u A b m Ip* # W H; m b 
Ie 5 5 n 
N e i NW hem* J I near •*»•» p m aBR m aintain mxspB opt com wad la wait c a i pal ad pie* p ad SAS ow n er »n>e w ith 

 i . u — 

Ce Heros 

Sell no longer needed household 
Item* in the 

 i * pre»»-N e wa 
Call 
225-1666 

MOMY mutts 
M I N N O W S G A L O R E , M a r b le 
I Fo b s. e sta b lish e d 14 y r eta bust 
I n e s s O w n e r re tu rn # , e x c e lle n t i in c o m e , in v e n to r y , n ic e h e m e . 
O w ner C orry C a ll B ob 
M E A T M A R K E T S m o k e h o u s e 
I re s ta u ra n t n ew m a s o n ry b u ild 
•nqs a ll e qu ipm en t an d in ve n to ry 
A s s u m e w ith en Iv 1 18,444 d o w n 
P e a r sad pa 4 87 p e re s piu s lease in co m e 
C A N Y O N L A K E IO u n it m e ld . 
P lu sh lounge w ith 4 It T V scre e n , c o ffe e sh e g , h o m e ro o m o ffic e space geed in c am e. ow ner c a rry 
SIS,844 down tim Bunn I Issue 
M c M /I J44 *6* i w t i R 
B s m i 

MOTH, BofHir Town 
O vee 44 units dam p need e x ce l len t le n d itw n E a s y fie b a y , CQ B 
4*4 1419 A N 
M o i io u 143 1189 

M e te r i r e ' 
W m iles el 

 e BM in f W K N _ :*u maut) 

L e a r n P r o fe s s io n a l B A R T E N D 
IN G A n d b a r M A N A G E M E N T , a w o rld w id e p r o fe s s io n 
J o b s in d e m an d in clu b s an d re sta u ra n ts tor m en en d a om en 
B R O T H E R H O O D S C H O O L O F 

BARTENDING 
A T e x a s C e rtifie d T ro d e Sch ool oftei m o tre e lob a ssista n ce an d d isco u n t ta V e ts C o li new 
349 7*81 Or 923 PSI) 
ISIS 
J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
Sud* 
242 
N ew ctP6*4s b e g in F o b > 

6o1 PROlfSSIONAl 

C O L L E G E G R A U S 
(T h e re A R E s tim u la tin g w a y s ta 
U M your e x p e rie n ce . B A et M a s 
I t e n W h e re? In P e a c e C a rp s an d 
'V I S T A 
W e h a v e r e q u e s t s to r i v o lu n te e rs fro m 68 d e v e lo p in g n o t io n s a n d t r a m c o m m u n it y ag en cie s a c ie s s th* U S A S pan ish s p e a k e r s a r * n e e d e d , te e W e i p r o v id e v o lu n t e e r f ly in g a l ­ low an ce, tra n sp o rta tio n , m e d ica l. 
'o t h e r b e n e fits 
F in d o u t w h e re y o u r dear# * c a n to k e vee C a l' 
I 5 II J92-S43*, 

V e te ra n in q u irie s W e lcom e 
T u t Vocational School 

 t r . u o ' 

IO U S F lo re s 

IO* SAN Pf DED 

THIS IS YOUR 
OPPORTUNITY! lei (DAL S U V K l tx l l en* tor 
Od 

M n iJ IH necessary 6 
M U ISM Mil 
ItHOMMHOi en abs en* Mice re qweemenh 
Write lode? gvtnq nome M B ess qed pbeae ie im tabs Serene Int. Dept H i , TIU 
» Bedway FeiUk Mhnen 41 SS* 

661 PBOKISlONAi 

" A K & f f t f f A B T 7 U . o B i a * oppty. professional position 
811,744 Actg** A rlee 732 22*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em * Ive, 94 Grit Suite IM 
A S T U T O 
Y B A lN i'e " ' Nu. I 
CP, super sharp college grad tor exec program cp i 6 
8*148 Com Ahu A rrey* t i l n e t 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Erne Sec, 9* Grit Suite IS* business M an ope i a" or ates sinai 
Posen WIIK strong spies AB arse e<g a n iia tm a i a b ilitie s I t years exp 
Salary nope 
Cpu 733 8141 
E D E 

CIVIL ENGINEER 
1-8 y rs ex# c o n s u ltin g firm . 
D IS K tee hag* le e k * Cmptpemex* Service 
•eft 
2444 Cees** 

 ms em s k ills 

E xt 4 Carted 

C O L L E G E G R A D S 
S P A N I S H S P E A K I N G innovative Aesc* Corps end VIS 
YA volunteer g reed s need Span 
•sh s p e a k e rs to d e v e lo p e n d supervise p ro g ram s in develop m a n a tio n s and h e r* in U S A i 
Teach, develop com m unity and health p ra a rp m s, a d vis e sm ell b u sin e s s e s , c o a c h re c re a tio n p ro g ra m s u s* y o u r d e g re e 
A epee CerpsVIST A provide hying e x p e n s e s , t r a n s p o r ta tio n , m e d ic a l, e th e r b e n e fits C a ll i i i ter is is . E xt e. Catted 
CO M AU TE'R A B O F c iil6 N A lT e x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity I* grew w ith e x p a n d in g e s ta b lis h e d com pany Several epa um ps SVS tom s Ft oui am m er P ro g ra m e r 
Analyst, must have I ta S years expel tent* in system s assign end 
COBOL Knowledge *4 t lC S Kelp tut 
A S y s te m s p a d A r e g . em 
M anager, efficient C eerpin eter m u st be p r o fic ie n t 
K>e*'am m er Analyst with neevy 
COBOL bucket eund Au salaries b a se d en e x p e r ie n c e e n d uuatrtualiens IxceH en t benettle end w o rkin g con d ition s b e v e l 
Opportunity 
Send tem plet* re sum * ta 
Oat* D e e reisfP s Box 
U lt , I ukasex 
Texes I H M . ar atame Me ta i ex 
8 « M M 

 banking exp A ie l CW*** 
414 444 Ann Weeps *57 II H 
SNE c l ING 4 S N E L L IN G e m f I i i l i f t R eu fb Ride* 

E N G IN E E E with e xp e rie n ce in i ac stun el M e ch an ical and Clee tric d l sy ste m s in C o m m e n c e ! I bt,llama* Must have A A in u rn eer Selected must bo auautied to manage com plete operation E x cellent opportunity tor a u p lilia p person Alt reptros centi den I tai 
Reply Box 4547, Sen Antonio E x p re ss an d N ew s 1*7o7 

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
S a la ry tie ,$ 4 8 ta I M , 888 p e r month Responsible tar aft opera lien s et apa p ro fit cp rp e rtp tie n raveled rn leechin g these adults r sa a i r m f 
E S L e n d 
C E O p re p a ra tio n D u tie s in clu d e ad mnsrolrasian wark pi applosion at kudBPls an d (e n tra ils proposer e lse or ra p p in g w ork shops tar 
• eiu ii few teachers Seoul Cd ad minis lia r Hen aesir Sand resum e ta 
Spa A n so nia Liter acy Loaned, *46 m u i S c i bt 
Spa A n io n Mi 
T e x a s 
74344 

EXPERIENCE! 

CIVU BRUTSM AN e a te ry #»•« x i i f i l l 
" f g r T O i w r m n r 
- 

H E A L T H 
F A C IL IT IE S 
A L A N N E R 
P R O JE C T 
R E V IE W 
CO O R D IN ATO R 
E x p e rie n c e re q u ire d ie H e a lth 
Econom ics and A loaning Hearth institutional Services and Adm in istrptron Prefer M aster in Ho Olin 
C ar* A d m in is tra tio n a r A u b itc 
H e a lth 
E a te ry ro n e * w ill be 
111.4o9 Ie 117.4o4 Q uanti*# pp enc ants should i enface M r Rudy 
M oreau al th* teUpwwg address 
G loater E ast te x a s H ealth B o t­ tom* A w m y la c , 1944 Hoi rn 
Shoot Suit* t it . beaum ont YOX at 777*2 A hen# 1715) 491 *9*1 

 h V O I O T r t n t | " l S p Bi h i- w he snood pf p u p hom o tar tau Ip tty* o m a lie n a lly d is lu r b o a adolescent hays P re to r pp* I* hp vs M A M P iy c hptapy, rocroa iron therapy ar R N with without l l 5 4av roe ob Boom and hoard t lu l s a la ry 
L o c a te d SI m ilo s am Fa rt W orth H m m send tat lot and et resum * Ie B taros* and 

 is soler y 
L o c a te d 4 rn F u rl Warm Pleas# and et resent* ta s ce 
News Ba* ‘oat. I A . To sos Mio# 
I.,a~mU nT I n g - m u r W ic a p id H e td a i i i H o e s ta t* 
™ S S iil l . 

A A S SO C . ( | 1 | | to d ! 
M a t 

Vs A i I « O u i W ANI Ah 
Mi tm 44*hiss ta w s 
CALL 33* i AA* 

Sunday February 6 I 977 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S— Sunday February 6 1977 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

Community Services 
Maintenance Engineers, 
Aramco has apireer for you in Saudi Arabia. 

A ram co, the w orld’s largest oil producing com pany, needs a num ber of Com m unity Services M aintenance 
Engineers for its operations in Saudi A rab ia. 
The job. 

T h is position covers the m aintenance of such com ­ m unity facilitie s as schools, hospitals, offices, recrea­ tio n al facilities retail stores,re8idential housing,dining facilities, plus the u tility system s th at serve them. 
You would participate in planning, scheduling,direct­ ing, and inspecting m aintenance work on these fa c ili­ ties. The work would involve the building trade crafts— carpenters, plum bers,electricians,m asons,and painters, w itn some a ir conditioning, refrigeration, and u tility lin e w elding in vo lvin g m echanical crafts. 
The job en tails a high volum e of detailed paper work. 
You would need to provide precise explanations to craft supervisors at the job sites, perform d aily inspections of work accom plished on 15 to 25 jo h s.in su reavailab ility of m aterials for new jobs,and perform field engineering on more com plex jobs. 
The qualifications. 

It is necessary th at you have a B S . degree in C iv il, 
M echanical, or Electrical Engineering. You w ill need a m inim um of 7 to IO years experience in the m aintenance of the com m unity facilities listed above. L ik e ly can d i­ dates would be engineers who have had m aintenance experience w ith m ajor bases of the Arm ed Forces, p rivately ow ned,integrated housing developm ents, or integrated company-owned com m unities. 

W hy work lor Aram co? 
Besides the challenge and career opportunities of your job, w orking for Aram co overseas offers several excellent advantages. You’ll receive a good sa la ry and saving s plan, plus a generous tax protected expatriate prem ium . 
And you can travel the world if you w ish, because on the average of every 12M> m onths you receive 4o fu lly paid vacation days, as w ell as round trip vacation travel tare to the U .S . Add to this an averager)! 12 paid holidays each year. 
In addition, Aram co offers a com prehensive m edical plan and a generous retirem ent plan,plus excellent recreational facilities. 
Interested? 
If so, and you’re qualified, please w rite for an ap p lica­ tion. W e’ll be back in touch w ith you as soon as possible. 

F o r an a p p lica tio n , w rit* IV p i. SA EN o 2 o 6 A 

A r a m c o s c r v ic c s c o m f a n y 

HOO M ila m B u ild in g / H o u sto n ,Texas 77oo2 

BOI PROFESSIONAL 

 iSSISTANT STORE MANAGER! 

Mum haw* recant retail experience in one or mom of tho fot- towing departments: Mon a. Lad***' or Chiltken a W aar 
Fabrica: linen#: Shoo#; Coamoties. Loam to ba a stews manager Good pay. good bonus, many benefits. Closed 
Sundays, reasonable hours. Live in San Antonio. CSH cr writs Mr. Br armor or Mr Grimm far confidential appoint - m ant 

SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
111 Sotadod, Son Antonio 782o5, 512-225-7163 

6o2 SAHS 
6o2 SALES 

ADJUSTIVE THAU 
$92oo Starting Story 
Fee Paid By Employer 

Com plete training program available to college graduate looking tor a career opportunity. Salary increase to 
$96oo offer 
9o days. 
This position involves in­ vestigation of auto collision dam age, fire and windstorm , workmens com pensation and m arine claim s. Duties will include contacting claim ants, physicians, attorneys and others involved in this com pany's insurance claim s. A t­ tractive fringe benefit program availab le to the suc­ cessful applicant p!us„outomobi!e and business expenses. 
By Appt. O n ly 
Thom pson E m p lo y m e n t S e rv ice 
^ I 259 Jockson-Knller 
342-2391 

San Antonio's fastest growing restaurant business has im­ mediate opening for individuals with management ex­ perience, preferrably in fast food, lf you ore looking for a career with a dynamic and progressive company, apply at: 
355 Spencer Lane 
S a tu rd a y, F e b ru a ry 5th , 8-1 p .m . 
An Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

6o2 SALES 
6o2 -SALES 
6o2 SALES 

Potltio* Availably 
Southwest Texas State U niversity. 
M a n a g e r o f B o o k sto re . 

OuaMkaMoM I —quired: 
1. SklMi and mental davefeamwnt aquivaiant ta Un 

 pl—finn of tour year* of solfege 
2. Knowledge of r-taH merchandising priorIplot 

 v otary control, prattle#* and tochnfeuas and new davoti rn—nt in tom*. 

3. Knowledge of entail method* af accounting. 
4. Know I—ctg— af pore Hating prtncipta* and methods. 
5. rhf— y-ar't — up—ri—ne— as a Bookstore Manag-r or thro# 

 year's -ip«ri-nr- a* an Assistant Manager in rn tiara doing 
$ 1.ooo,ooo or mara In nnitwol tai—. 

Qualification Profarvod: O—gr—— In Batino** 
Application br OC-durn: Submit a r—cum* tai 

TOM FLANDERS 

Director oi Au ciliary Sarvira* 

Southwest T-cai Stat* U n iv .thy 
Sun Marco*. Taco* 78664 
512-243-2381 

Apply bo for- 3:oo p et. february IS. 1977 
SWT SU it an cffirntcitlv action, -gaol opportunity — rn ploy—r. 

PROCESS ENGINEER 

Immediate opening exists in our automotive radio manufacturing facility for an electro mechanical engineer. Re­ quires experience in electro mechanical assembly and sub- assembly processes such as component forming, wire stripping and lugging operations; with familiarity in production machinery Automatic panel insertion or other automatic assembly processes extremely helpful. 
BS degree in mechanical engineering or equivalent preferred. 

Fringe benefits include, (mid vocation, group health, dental and life insurance, educational assistance programs, profit sharing and excellent working conditions. 

Send resume and salary history to 

M o to ro la, Inc. 
Route I, Box 42 uin, Texas 781 55 

Op port wally, Affirmative 
Arf*** Im player 

CAREER 
OPPORTUNITY 
FOR QUALIFIED 
MANAGEMENT & 
SALES PERSONNEL 

Dynamic, growing 36 year old com pany ex­ panding in San Antonio and surrounding areas bas positions for several qualified people desiring.- 

Initial Income $3oo-$5oo W eekly 
Little or No Travel 
Daytime Hours O nly 

Dealings O nly W ith Business And 
Professional People 
• Excellent Training Program 

• Convention Trip — Paris, Honolulu, 
Mexico City — Cadillac 
• Excellent Fringe Benefits 

 lf you are experienced in selling or dealing with business people at executive level; possess strong desire to make good money; are aggressive but not high pressure; have good character and are preferably m arried — 
ACT N O W ! 

C A L L : MR. J.A. SULLIVAN 
MON., TUES., WED. 9 A.M.-5 P.M. 
653-911o 
OR SEND RESUME TO: 
REGIONAL DIRECTOR 
4438 CENTERVIEW DR., SUITE 111 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78228 

DIVISIONAL 
SHOP AT HOME 
COORDINATOR 

Should have a minimum of 4 years experience in custom decorating and have supervisory and ad­ ministrating abilities. 

S om e o v e rn ig h t tr a v e l re q u ire d . 
Call M rs. H u m p h re y s 
341-5151 

REPRESENTATIVE 

WITH 
MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL 

Dvna Systems is looking for on individual copable of earning $2o,ooo or more their first full year. 

We have experienced a dynamic annual growth rate for the past 5 years and we need sales people with management potential to continue to ex­ pand at this pace. 

NO TECHNICAL BACKGROUND NECESSARY. Our suc­ cess is the result of giving each sales represen­ tative the opportunity to earn an excellent in­ come and advance rapidly into sales management. 

 lf you ore willing to work harder thon most, call us in San Antonio, Monday, Feb. 7, after 8 A M. 

Jim Holcomb, 512— 222-1519 

D Y N A S Y S T E M S 

• die. of Portimaster, Inc. 
P.O. Box 5326 
Dallas, Toxas 75222 
< eopertwwty tmpfeytr m/f 

 o o Q i 

ENGINEER 

A challenging position with growth opportunity exists for an octton-orieoted, careei minded individual in the Pock agt- Design and Development Section of our dynamic foci Worth-based company. A degree in In­ dustrial Engineering Of Mechanical Engineering is prefort od, but othei engineering degrees will be con­ sidered A background in packaging materials ond equipment or packaging operations would be helpful lite successful applicant should hove I to 3 yews ex­ perience hi the engineering I ie id. 

We offer excellent working conditions ond lunge benefits, including profit sharing Please send resume in confidence ta 
Express News Box 4568 
Son Antonio, TX 78297 

 en equal npg a Hearty orapfeyoi M/f 

SUPERINTENDENT 

Progressive school district with a 76oo student enrollment is presently seeking a 
SU PER IN ­ 
TENDENT O f SC H O O LS. Requirem ents for the position include: 

1. Public School Administration Degree (Doctorate preferred, bat will consider Master's Degree) 
2. Minimum el 3 yews experience as Superintendent or Assistant Superintendent in a school system of 
Sooo + . 
X Valid texas Superintendent s Certificate 

So lory is commensurate with D egree/Experience up to a maximum of $4o,ooo. 

Sand resume ta: Mr. C Gordon Downing, Jr. 
President, Board of Mutation 
(ogle Post I.S.D 
P O Box 1o4 
Logie Pass. TX 788S2 
Resumes wit be accepted until March 1, 1977. 
Logte Pas* I S D I* an equot opportunity employe' 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Hmm . alum*', et 

 g ttp M aa Mw pm—m tea pt» or tar ae mil ba Mad on nu Bout at ma*" 
•itboul dkaaOMMe* bautta- el ie* v-tau et* p i a a banate■ rn me»tmeal (juofen aim# 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES rh* Va* Baume N m isuteyraMf 
Buauehva Ka a ape (ae* ti luau ta **Kh Ut e* tmpaymi M agency wstnain mWaOa tar ta 

 moan** a* arna* aa temglaintv, cal 
It* m a m Wa It ne bM u 

 ion sum tis ate 
Centenar viol axe e<lft Moat, ct c rata one cor gentry Meal ce 
Uti.1, 
Aga*’ti sate i reoe**o* f it leu I 

 m a n y o m e n o t in iim j 

E f lR w H t i mea leak I a* tar earl luna associate a r tie r a» vias* Mata gar son C*A2t>li41 

 se ASSOC (A t is Praia M MM* rn t>»Mina«(saM««M> ais sit) ieee mew * 

CONSTRUCTION 

PERSONNEL 

PfO IKT 
SUPEBIMTINDfNTS 

1o yrs. CwMtrucMen Lipenam * tp M M 

M IO (NGIN!ERS 
> yrs. 11 gait trio 

Mag Ie hem City ie City. 

W W CONSTRUCTOR 
CO. INC 
PA KM OM nmru. 'UA) /SMI 

Executives 
M anagers 
Professionals 
Most of the batler, higher paying lobs aru not adver­ tised Haldane can show you how to find these lobs and how lo gel the inter views Sand your resume today or cell now tor a no cost or obligation interview. 
Not a placement agency! 

 rn rn 
■ ■ b or n a r d 
I lama ne ana,- sa/ asso ciates 

The o n ly natio n a l job coun seling and career m anagem ent service. 

San A n to n io 
Century 8tnt}, o4 NC coop 4 IO 
Suit* 27b W«*t / Dept I it. WI 342 3IM) b a n Ar. t o r .O T * . * , 7g ;M 6 
Also Houston end Dallas 

SYSTEM ANALYST 

Ground floor opportunity with growing software ond con­ sulting firm specializing in Burroughs B-17oo installation in route distribution industry. Qualifications include: a 
Bachelor's degree and minimum 2 yrs. exp. with a major vendor, consulting firm, or similar company. Proficiency in 
COBOL and RPG is required. Communications and Bur­ roughs exp. very helpful. Salary open. Some travel re­ quired. 

MARCHBANKS & PARKER, INC. 

4538 Centerview Dr. Suite 128 

Son Antonio, TX 78228. 

512-736-19o9 

 iii 
I MIC 

Advertising 
Copywriter 

 experienced preferred but will train right parson 

Major Corporation benefits. 
Call for QU appointment 
824-94o2. 
KABO TRIMS tot HH URI 
COMPANY 
OM12 M- UA... — - xRNPno me ymjdwmf 

CARDIo VASCULAR 

INSTRUMENTATION 
SALIS 

Poe amok or 

 experience preferred. 

San Antonio area 

Send complete 

 resume 

393o Kirby Dr. 
Suite 14o 
Houston, Til 77o98 

LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 

CALL JOHN VIST 

826-9671 

 ava engr. 
TK Rag , saver al year* expr with consulting 

 brim . 
$ I7 $ 2 2 K . ta® 

"ago. 

 avn ENGR. 
2 5 yr*, axpr consulting firm 
$12-$ U K , lac nago. 

INDUSTRIAL ENGR. 
Ftuant Spanish & Dor­ mont mig. axpr, D I­ 
ISX, ta# pend 

PRODUCTION SUPT. 
Haovy structural steal, need 2 Ona loco), $15 
17K. Ona in Dal lo* area, 
$2o 25K, tea pox) 

MECH ENGR. 

Design and fabrication heavy m anufacturing, 
S I 2 I Ste. tee pax) 

CLAIMS ADJUSTER 
Degree, 
2 7 
4- ave, relocate, $9K 4- cor, Fee port) 

826-9671 
2446 Ceegee St. 

ADMINISTRATION 

SALES/LEASING 
ADMINISTRATOR 
“ Train##" 

 itnmnol af notion J forint mirk Irater hosing compony often ga anlry la val portion boding la a terser » the tramgortatMfl routemen! held bef et col lege grad tianipoiahon si pinones hatful 

Duties dude 

 ad nom: no 

 le a se pre 
■maactien. no!, raiei 

 atli in- 

 lites techniques, gad general office odmuustrahon 

Good itertmg teary, os aet os bonus opportunities, health plea. pension plan gad the opportunity for loped femora!) 
■esume la 

U<*ttU MEWS IOX 7oo4 
SAN ANtOWO, TI 71297 

I duel Opportunity Employ*! auf 

ARE YOUR EARNINGS IN LINE 
WITH YOUR ABILITIES? 

 lf you ore the type of person who enjoys meet­ ing the public, regardless of your present job, we can increase your earning capacity and develop your ability further, lr you're selling insurance, appliances, real estate, route sales, etc. we want to talk to you and w ill show you 
^how we con greatly improve your annual irv- f come. W e prefer to talk with young married people with families. Sales ability helpful but is not necessary. 

To let you evaluate your own opportunities ond your earning potential, we will give you o 
FREE aptitude test with no obligation. For an interview contact 
(In person only— no telephone calls!, 
9 a.m. to 
5 p.m. 
Mr 
Claybourne Smith, General Sales M anager. 
GILLESPIE FORD 
23oo BROADWAY 

E 
B 
B 
I N 
N 
N l B 
B 
B m 

I 

I ^ i n o u s t r i a T 
I 
ENGINEERS 
T ta »17,ooo 
Faa Rd 

BUYER 
HARDWARE 
(RoNmI) 
Fe# Note 
Mqer 
Test* 
(mad mots maidMxtesaf rates raoMMted ti a/(tear* luyoi 
Cratetet* shag# ba thoroughly familiar auk maiar hardaara mert.n oad should ba turreirtfy buying ter a tem mtnhertewi tim ii 

 ouWarabng cor**' ag 

$18-21,ooo♦ 

IM I W. 

Wife fit 
Ute**, TX 73347 
1114) 43o-23oo 

TELEPHONE SALES 

SAURY—FULL OR PART TIME 

The American Automobile Association is now interviewing prospective sales representatives to start immediately. Selected applicants will be thoroughly trained and will begin earning salary from first day. leods are provided, ex­ cellent commissions, bonuses and fringe benefits are part of an outstanding com­ pensation pion for permanent full time sales staff who will receive guaranteed salary. Part time telephone sales representatives also re­ quired and will receive guaranteed salary. For appointment call 

Mrs. Bar be re It, 736-4192 

AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION 
323 SPENCER LANE 
An Squat Opportunity Im plorer 

HACKERS! 

ATTENTION LICENSED 
LIFE AGENTS 
Are yow a good lifts producer nor earning what you desire? Have you considered the multi Im# approach? I* prospecting a problem? It you desire to chat regarding the possible rewards of mufti In t, o unique mark#!, nest pro­ specting, ond o host of other unique foetors, it may be worth your time to investigate 

W e offer a N egotiable salary pig* bonuses, (not draw ) and excellent hinge benefits. 
Coll Frank X. Rodriguez batwoon l l .8 at S I J —-635-7513 
HORACE MANN 
EDUCATORS 

I 

Ossie* MANAo3U computer experience Admieistr pennon and profit -.norma pion* tmsii offico Pull rosponsiblity. Ms sumo. Sex 12442. VA /tin 

OPTICIAN 
Disport*<ae Op'iciaa attn taper mace ilT H tfw Apply >a Per sen et im i village, latte ti* ______ 
Keteitlepul faocofive 
Centerton!* l e t I 
Pe< seneoi Ceesurteets 
Obi im ie. butt* r n 
_____ 
S f t KIM# Pregressivt cr**!!** lyncher met ce* leech art n.*n 
M lieut we tee Is ie Mew I eel nut* 
Cunt eel! 
(ail AAo 
Martin*! 
UbtJ l 

I 

Contact tan Nelson 
Kty Pmonnpl 
Search Consultants 

4284 6erdeedete 
(SII) 69o-9191 

-------- Y IaT mI * -------- 

Private Catholic teslitgtiee is sum me e euatihee Ieee tsar with same haewted** et beeeish 
MeceM or eau a to ar atef red tee vhls astute tit MI salary Ural rear bend Aum I num. ell* cear 
•dor reference* sa ceatedaaco Ie 
•es Ste*. K tat ess end News. 
M W 
____ 

 bpecialllipg Teecner placement 
SPE AP 4 PCRSONNKL Ary 
IO7 Iqcasea-KePf 
114-ttn 
76ACHE RS 
I oak rn* ter on etternativef Lee* 
[•a Peace Carps end VHT A. reachers ie English math, eon cr OI SC isnt * P i , husmots, seeciel end oiomeatery ad or* need#* ie A* Ow Bloomy nations end for many out el-schooi 
* due altun program* kart ie th* 
States Peace Carp* end VIETA provide volunteer byte* el 
^ ii wane* lr on veer let M»n mete cal. tither beno ti it Can ti) ta i seit, 
I bat I totted i f k* Attalla bite* sc keel la pccepl 
> 'n* eeehcetieet far three (dse worker ii pesittees Aedile aals must ke em,n* lo rosid* in Sea 
Marcos or how prenatal* Oat position it e.eeehte ie Auahn VA teepee atm mr ae years eg* Cere 
Worker asperloect ar M b b MI roqserod Travel required 11.444 aaeattrty Apoticeheas pveMehta et hustle blote behead. IM I W 
I Ste. Austin, TX, (111) 4S4 41)1. oat rn ■ QU ac oppop tumi iv iM a jg in 
. 

Consumer Products Solos Trolnte 
$13,5oo Starting salary + bonus 
Woad fem m um appto1 $19,5oo fee paid by ompteyyi Cteogt 
4agraa aquate ♦ ilia rapwdual sn ar* raekrag thou kl bt arthra a acorn f gran radPwy tfhcra. or praranrly at 'stonily aa a amang* awat ktewng pogrom seth a raqra rated coaipeny lh* paduch said pa ta rated tndihibanah web a etape bapt Hotel and rn youth amated (ho utewdeol sotertad must poison eutuaadMg ntgmi petoehei dteradamha. es ha ai th* aril ba aravad rata rates (tent 
•rth* ) ps Ttes h aa rartsteateag appartun.iy ted aHrai vnkeJtad jraartk^padatekd Jptej^wyp mdanduel Caaipany avis raid Mf 

•* Ap**- Wdy 
T h o m p s o n E m p lo y m o n t Sor v k o 
I l i t tewkaon Keller 
341-1391 

“ IMMEDIATE” 

I need two good people who: 

 a) Are willing to work 6 days including Sat. and evenings 

 b) Not afraid to get their hands dirty 

 c) Has high school education (prefer some college) 

 d) Needs to earn a minimum of $ 1,ooo per month 

 e) Desires the opportunity to advance into management 

Qualified candidates apply af once 

5o1o West Avenue 

Division off Rollins, Inc* NYSE equal opportunity employer____ 

TOP SALES 
OPPORTUNITIES 

CALL VIC SALINI 
826-9671 
LOCKE 
Employment Service 

SALES REP. 
Degreed individual with sales/management back­ ground to relocate (3 to 6 months). To 512.5K 
+ bonus -f cor. Fee paid. 
SALES REP. 
Company seeks degreed person with mortgage ex­ perience to coll on real estate company's, builders, etc To 59.6K + comm. + expenses. 
SALES REP. 
Aggressive female or male to coll on accts in S JI $5oo month -fi comm. 4- < censes. Fee reimb. 

SALES REP. 
Degreed individual with some work experience to relocate for notional com­ pony. 59.5K -fi bonus + expenses, fee paid. 
826-9671 
2446 Ceegee St. 

SP ASSOCIATES troteswoMi Employment 

Consultants 
HOO NX loop 41o 
828-5573 

IT COULD 
CHANGE YOUR 
LIFE! 

SALES 

(Ce! tnete He werd) 

IV APFOWTMfMT Chut 

MEDICAL 

INSTRUMENTATION loading mamitecturar often Son Antonio barad position foiling on mo|o< noif*tol Mounts 
Client paten 

 hor* ground rn solas of mtteol equipment or supphts to hosp'ok 
Em! vow raohstv potential STS,OOO plus Co cor tiponsos 

CONSUMER PRODUCTS 

NON 
FOODS 
IntomationoUy 

 famous diem sates Son Antonio barad solos top aho has minimum of 7 yoon solos export*!** colling on mess arardwrahson and or feed stores Framotebte condidote gots strang shirt at rapid management opportunity 
East poor rang* of 

S U SI 8.o1)o plus Co. cor 

INDUSTRIAL 

IU HD ING sumits ■ Ttes Son An loam territory will toque* pro ' 

K«owtody* of th* (onslnKtion hi dushy phis o lohog* dogie* Low trove! tenor plus test yoor rang* of 
SIS lb,OOO and other extras Make 

SAU S 

LAST JOB! 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 

■mm tats ly w ■ ■ few •I • 

 we Ort Ss e* 

HW# * la Wa* UM Me Owl rn *#M#a a a** w« m 
WW si Mi • we"* 

OONUS FAW) W IL*IT 

COMPANY UMEH Ti 

U (HUNT OPPONt UNITY 
CAU MR. SELLARDS 
(512) 734-7931 

MON. T U tl WTO VAAL-SHN 

 ran 

MERCHANDISE MANAGER 
RETAIL 
FEE PAID 

Our client, o major Texos conventional deportment store, desires a Merchandise Manager with emphasis on ladies apparel Must have all major market experience ond preferably be supervising a teom of buyers presently. Merchandise Is in the moderate to better range This is on excellent opportunity and represents a career situation keyed lo rapid advancement. 

$25-3o,ooo + 

Roth Young Personnel Service 
1341 W. Mockingbird In., Suite 912E 
Dallas, TX 7S747 
(214) 63o 23oo 

ENC Y CLOP Af DI A 
BRITANNICA 

Again ae must opteegus la mony 

IntoaMco J We lust dan t S S 

 up ond sad ta prospects ai then 

BUT WI ARE TRYING!!! 

REPRESENTATIVES 

URGENTLY RUDIO 

 anurans peel il l* Wa ate tram you Mu*) haw av We oath 

 haras fail Nara only 

732-21o5 

EXPERIENCED AND AGGRESSIVE 
USED CAR MANAGER 
FOR BIG THREE DEALERSHIP 
Must have knowledge of all phases of used car management. Must have resume ond referen­ ces. Ai! replys ond references strictly con­ fidential. 
Send Resume to Express/News 
P.O. Box 4492 
Son Antonio, Texas 

REAL ESTATE AGENTS 
ARE YOU READY FOR A SUCCESSFUL 1977? 

Recant expansion in the N W Ka* m ade opening* in tho 
Jefferson O ffice. The Jeffersn Area is one of tke fastest selling areas in town — W e offer: 

+ TOP CO M M ISSIO N 4- BO N U S P LA N 
* CO NTINUO US TRAINING dr PROFESSIONAL ADVERTISING 
* PLENTY O f FLOOR TIME AN D CLIENTS 

Call now for y o w p e rso nal fitting into a 
“ RID COAT” 
Call Tarry Wiegel 
736-4426 

FURNITURE 
SALES PERSON 

N e e d aggressive, young individual. Sales e x ­ perience helpful. Com plete benefits. 5 -d ay ' w ork week. A pp ly in person at: 

CORT FURNITURE RENTAL 
36o3 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4491 

PROFESSIONAL SALES 

In-home or furniture experience preferred but not necessary. A ll good closers con­ sidered. 
Pre-qualified appointm ents furnished. 
Top pay com m ensurate with ability. W e will train you. Expenses furnish­ ed while training. 
ARROW UPHOLSTERY 
1126 N. ST. M ARY’S 
227-5o51 
IO a.m.-4 p.r 

 seeking 
EXPERIENCED CLOTHING 
SALES PEOPLE 
Full and part time openings available apply in person 

Texas Employment Commission 
1o15 Jackson Keller 

Equal Opportunity Em ployer od paid for by em ployer 

R I A L E S T A T E S A L E S 
Our iiywHM psfim ira* i n —I t*v*« al r»si4—aal safes 
MsitiMs 
•> larMi-ariMtte a*it*»i with at ant mod I *■ p n s rii law u h u h gai.akal is fh*>suffer Metered ie tat (OK- 
MOEN EUL uifervraw *r*f ram It 
C ar* *u**IM l. ye* benefit a 
MO sateen.* i* he* ie 
"eunef *>effem and tut grave# featest fatter** 
(alt ferry 
Wegra**/ 424 t i l l , at ,»ur fee 
Fed#* A Ort we ar 
Freak 
W.etherbee M I lilt, et aer 
Frtderrtktkurf -Cd O ft u t *, tit! 
MsQwhus. 
At*, 74$). at m# 
Iv*, a Sell*. Otho. IH M Tm tadr. 

 llo s o u r lV S jT w ^ 

 l f A llo t s SO T W . O f TRUST 

SALES REP. 
$3o,ooo UP uutiT im (OtfMi$sioa as. tttSSM . 
SMAW 
MOtViDUAl 

•ITM Htona VALIS REL ORD (MO 
REAL CHATI) MONET MoEIVAT. 
UL 
C A U AMYL 

3 1 1 -7 3 6 - 1 1 6 3 . 

M O m S M X U l U K UT Vt 
(CMouitAjm 

SAUM, 
HoUSIoM. 
CHAU OHL 

Now Much Better 
Would Ute Be lf 
You Hod 
Enough Money 
To Reoffy Enjoy lf 

Professional solas people 

 con moxnntM faanr talent and increase th*ok earning 

 power lf you lack a s ­ partam e, your attitude and intelligence will leod you mto a professional cor aer with earning potential 

$ I J ,ooo $ 15,ooo your 

 first year 

* SRU BY A m O N LY 

* A U U A O S SUPPLIED 

A COMPLETE 
TRAIN. 
INO PROO RAM 

A EXCELLENT 
NUNO* 
BENEFITS 

 to r Patronal bteorviow 
Call 735-3348 
Ask for Toto 

AVON 

M e 

 a c a re e r, n o n 
C an teen * 

N V A N beam is Satus, attice tv alem* lo busto*** tarns* belar y 
I Btu* commistion co li Chart** I . 

Tonner 214 SSM Uorce. inc 
* 8 1 6 1 f a t a l far m aaaitn* '(* wark ort commission basis Pu ll 
Nota Mb Cad 224 IIM 

' Attenuate A J! k ag en ts' . 
P'*« iaaost Caw 24l l244 

ATTK ti Ct N SED HtPL DPU 
Oat ta aa th* around tlaar with 
WM* araarassiv* r*ai *slofe cam eaay 
D M I Na lu st a n o t h e r 

 xumhsr rn year ottic* any tenqarl hut iicaaisa ta wark tar yea today 
Cab Nae Oaniois at 

■ a ra m an ** aa your lim * YV« otter tr ain u sorting our to rn oui erode 

Coli 22o-4941 

 t tar inter motion 

SHOO I WEEK 
NO! au l WO have * ra re aaear 
'unity tar a tow safer I Drools .a th* fie ld et A d v e rtisin g one 
Development Your sorntne* will 

I doatnd uuun vaur background 

Odd your willingness to work att offer g lull training ai agrom It you a r* nggrosstvg, neat and willing so learn con Gory ar g en 

S F L # *'4*41 " * * * » * > "fepte 

 iu sm o ss m atk ln e* sa l# sa**a. 

 aafentioi 

. m m 
. 
K£LL£Y REALTY 
o14CI vOCH 
IN IMI life 
(b u 2) 

P tnom m tl S tr v n t 
IBM <v I /m g Bio 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S -— S u n d a y F e b r u a ry 6 1 9 7 7 

< o % 
£ K \ r n 
| 
J L A 
* M 
I 
O 
O 
O 
QUICK RESULTS! 

HOH COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATS CHANGS 

 rn LINES 

I 
O 
DAYS 

6o4 m m 
\ . 
SALES r e p r e s e n t a t i v e 
Leading M anufacturer of m ilita ry spare parts is seeking represen­ tation at K e lly A ir Force Base. 
This is an ideal lob tor a retired governm ent person w ith p ro c u r­ ement experience. Reply in lu ll confidence, g ivin g details of ex penance to O r. J. F a rb e r P re ­ sident. 122 Green Ave., W oodbury 
N. J., o8o96 
SALES TR AINEE SB 6oo 
Natl co. local te rrito ry 6- bonus. 
Call Gall Fox 684-868o 
FIN N EY & Assoc Personnel 
Cons, 5813 Callaghan No32S 
Sales Women or Men 

E x c e p tio n a l S a le s C a re e r 
LE AR N ABOUT THE SUCCESS 
OF RED CARPET REALTOR S. 
No blue sky! We w ill lu st ta lk actual perform ance. Our top sales people are corning 51,5o+-S'>,5o6 commission per mo. lf you have a desire, we w ill provide the rest. 
Call Bob W a n d risco fo r a con­ fidential interview . 699 1133 

J 
OPENINGS 

\ 
Receptionist $525 + 

* tip on phones Benefits NS 

ABM Asst $75o 
J 
SH and type TO wpm + ex 
I, 
(ellen! esp All benefits 

; 
Typist $45o-$5oo 
Numerous positions - all i areas type SO 

MANY MOM 
FO SJI IONS AVARAM! 

I l a a k M H a l e r a 
J 
IMRiOVmint 't iv t c i 
A 

* 
443$ CENTERVIEW 73? 9M 6 I 

 a n n n n m n i 

NATIONAL 
SUBSIDIARY OF 
NORTH 
AMERICAN 
PHILIPS local territory soles with direct demo of full line of energy saving elec­ trical items. No over­ night travel. Protected territory, 
(ommisssiori plan 
$8,ooo-52o.ooo with special bonus to top 
$5o,ooo. Car necessary. 
Insurance programs. No engineering or electrical experience required. We will train you in pro­ ductive lifetime career with management op­ portunity. 
Phone JERRY BURTON 
(512) 342-4291 
Monday, february 7th 
9:3o AM-4 PM only 
(quai Opportunity 
Employer M /f 

SENIOR 
SECRETARY 

M ust ba experienced in typing , transcribing, ond shorthand 
N eat ap. 

 peoronce interesting work in pleasant sur­ roundings. 
8 :3 o AM to 
4 :3 o 
PM., 
M onday- 
Friday. Send resume to: 

SAN ANTONIO 
CHILDREN S CENTER 
2 9 3 9 W . W o o d la w n 
S o n A n to n io , 7 8 2 2 8 

V e r y I m p o r t a n t P o s it i o n s 

 f o r 

V e r y I m p o r t a n t P e o p ie 
E xperienced Soles person need ed Must have knowledge of office supply and or office equipm ent 
Coll Continental Business Equip men!. Ask for Susan 828-8276 
Swearingen Aviation Corporation hos immediate re­ quirement for experienced Programmer. Position re­ quires at least 2 years experience programming business type applications. Also, requires 18 to 24 months experience with COBOL RPG must be learned in minimum time, if not already proficient. EAl is desirable. IBM 38o or 37o is desired, but experience with ony medium to large scale main frame is acceptable. 

This position provides stable employment, good storting salary, and fringe benefits. 

Interested applicants should apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, 
International Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (Come East on 
Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on 
NE entrance rood.) 

B f C i m O N I S T / . 
SECRETARY 
Our client compony itqunec a career individual desiring a lesponuble position H you hove good typing skills on athociive ap penrome ond the obtl'ty to lorn niunicole with top executives, then oui client wants you tee Paid 
$6oo 

FLE X IB ILIT Y G A LO R E I let your mind Cleat* a picture ol yourself in this supervisory od mmistrotive position A most im ptetsive set of surroundings ond staff will depend on you to handle hiring of personnel and supervision of their clerical sfoH 
Some ex tcutive correspondence ond figure work to keep you busy ond m touch with their prominent San Antonio 
(hents S7So 

P U R C H A S IN G A G E N T 
Assist this deportment head with the purchasing tot this lorge northside fttm Must hove proven experience with the obility to deal with budgets ond fixed expenes fee Paid SHOO 

MIND IN MATTER f valuate you. capabilities what lutur* does yow lob hold for you? lf you hove n high eneigy level with a flan lot hguies, you will wont to consider this northside corporation 
SecretO'ial ond receptionist duties will give you the vaunty of ex 
(dement Combine ond balance ac counting figures to keep yow mind active fee Boid S77S 

A C C U R A C Y C O U N T S 
This well respected company has a ground Hoer opportunity for the ac­ curate typist lf a growth position ond benefits interest you, call today1 fee Pow) $4$o 

Call on clubs, schools and other o rg a n lia tio n s w ith g u a ra n te e d m oney-m aking plan. M ust have cor Be tree to trave l Home wee­ kends. We w ill tram you , demon­ strate In the fie ld th a t you can earn com m ission s of SSoo-S4oo and m ore weekly E xclusive te r­ rito ry . P e rm a n e n t v e a r-ro u n d work. Our field manager w ill be in your area next week Therefore call im m ediately COLLECT Tom 
Regan, 
Sales 
M anager, 
313-427 3952____________________ 
SHRINE D E A L: Experienced or will tram. Doily draw. 227-7753. 

P e rm a n e n t 4o ho u r week. Pet 
Pantry, North Star M oll. 342-2361 

PU BLIC C O N T A C T 
Toke choige of this hon! desk for northside corporate oHice 
Ap peaiance ond peisonality ate im poitant but great value is placed on statistical typing ability and a dedicated work attitude fee Paid 
SASO 

Ladie s Specialty Shop. Northside 
Location. Apply only it you hove proven sales a bility. Career per­ sons and missy custom ers must be serviced. M ultiple sales ore the b a c k b o n e of th is o p e ra tio n . 
A d v a n c e m e n t o p p o rtu n ity . 
F ring e benefits. Salary + bonus. 
Interview with resume 
CALL MISS TAYLOR 
_________ 924-5661__________ 
FU RNITU RE 
CLEARANCE 
CENTER is looking for on aggressive, hon­ est, e x p e rie n c e d fu r n itu r e 
___________ ____________ s a le a m a n fo r new lo c a tio n 
T e le p h o n e c o lle c tio n a g e n c y 
S a la ry 4-c o m m issio n C o ll M s. needs experienced telephone col 
Holman, 654-4o55. F urniture Corp. lector. M any benefits, excellen t of Amertco. An equal opportunity g u a ra n te e d s a la ry and bonus. employer_______________________ 
734 7171 ACCOUNT SERVICES 
G A P Y POOLS, a le a d e r in the 
TELEPHONE SOLICITORS swim ming pool industry for 25 yrs 
Pros p re fe rre d , no p ro m o te rs , is nddma to its San Antonio sales lust sales people. Brand new deal, staff. This is aumque opportunity best a n yw h e re . Good co m m ls- fo r job s a tis fa c tio n w ith h ig h sion. it you don’t ca ll, we both e a rn in g s to r the rig h t person, loose money. Call Peggv or Char- 
Previous soles exp helpful, but lie, 222-2386 not m andatory, lf you are quick lo 1 —————— ——— ———— 
— — understand, like people, are self starting and enioy long hours, this may be right for you. Call 341-3331 tor interview appt.___________ 
GLOBE MASTER, INC. 
N ation s la rg e s t tool m a n u fa c ­ turer and distribu tor has opening for sales person in San Antonio ond su rro u n d in g orca s E s ta b ­ lished te rrito ry . Comm ission ho­ sts with draw, to start Must hove good cor and be bondable Call people w ith Pleasant Telephone 
Melvin Tote of Holiday Inn, (512) voice lo assist w ith a special 4 
732-5141 for appointm ent________ week Sales P ro m o tio n 
D ay or 
Housewife to do p ort tim e sales evening shift We w ill train. $3.oo w ork in lo ca l re fa il sto re s to r 
Per hr. guaranteed sa la ry plus re lia b le c o m p o n y 
R e to il or bonus A p p ly to D U TTO N AD d e p a rtm e n t s to re e x p e rie n c e 
VERTISING AGENCY, at the Al- p re fe rre d M ust he neut in ap b *r 1 P ith Motel. 96 NE Loop 41o peoronce ond be able to handle on Tuesday Feb 8 Only. people. Need own transportation 
TERRITO RY REPS 
Send re s u m e to : 
B a n n e r 
FEE PO. Not. companies. Salary, 
W holesaler Inc. P O Box 5326, bonus, ca r. $11,ooo+ 
Some ex- 
Arlington, TX 76o11. 1-8oo-792-8737 pertence. Need now 684-868o 
JU N E IE W IS 6 AS SO CIATES 
FIN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Soles Placement Service. 83o N .E . 
Cons, >835 Callaghan No325 
Loop 4)o, Suite 2o6, 828-9o67. 
TE X A S O IL C O M P A N Y needs person M F over 4o tor exclusive in d u s tria l sales t e r r ito r y 
No relocation. We ore an expanding 
AAA I firm established since 1933. 
We o fte r fu ll frin g e b e n e fits . 
Liberal com missions w ith oppor­ tunity for advancement For per- sonal interview w rite a letter and tell me about yourself W N Gore, 
Soles Manager, Southwestern Pe­ troleum , Box 789. Ft W orth. Tx 
761o1, E.O E ___________________ 

 r 
SECRETARY 
^ 

International petroleum com­ pany, (NVSL, fortune SOC) seeks individual with se (tetanal skills 
(typing 6o WPM, Shorthand 8o 
WPM) who is familiar with brokerage house procedures, hos the obility lo reod transfer sheets, and knowledge of securities. Individual should have 
3 years related exponent (on tact Phyllis Momer, 828 8444, 
Ext 667 
TESORO PETROLEUM 
I 
CORPORATION 

L Equal Opportunity Employer 

CREDIT CLERK CASHIER fX E C U T IV t SECRETARY 
You will wont to considei this ex ceptionol opportunity to (arn the staff of o stable well known orgamtotion 
This president will look toi deduction professionalism and lh* oddity to deal with people 
Have an inteic hanging day w in a variety of duties and the op portumty lo use your ai oat seiretaiiol skills fee fold J /SO 

Permanent. 
Small of 

 fice. 
Excellent majo 

Corporation benefits. 

$55o Tangibles $7oo 
S a la ry + co r + com m ! Lg. esta b ­ lished accounts. John Hampton 
923 4366 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs, South Placement Service 
N E W H O R IZ O N S 
Eii|oy the view, but the challenge of a busy day will utter caieer satisfac­ tion to the oigoniied poison Top secretarial skills ore required ond a plus if you hove experience on an automata typewriter 
4 most friendly staff welcomes your team spirit Fee Potd $7oo 

Apply in person to 
Mrs. Cepeda 

KAROTKIN'S 
FURNITURE 
COMPANY 
231 I. Commerce 

An (qual Opportunity Employer 

 sAv-’i/s r r r s e j o o f »+>o f +.a r t o n v 
A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 
An {qual Opportunity Employer 

F.C. BO O K KE EPE R 
Greot potential lot the coreei min ded individual 
Beautiful offices, benefits ond a greot rongenwl staff ore awaiting you with this well established him 
Excellent full 
(hora* ability will be th* leguisit* tee Paid $8oo 
M E IT -G R E E T -T Y P E 
4 promotion is responsible for on opportunity for you to |oin this ex­ panding company 
An attractive well dressed uppgarame, fast ac curate typing (stutistnal ond cor tespondeme) and a personable telephone manner con get your new career off to a tost start fee 
Paid $55o 
OtH Frankie W ith 82* 3161 

C P A. ASSISTANT 
Put your best foot torwoid ond im pi ess this well inspected staff of ck countants Clients will look to you far odvire. expertise consultation ond oigani/ntion 
Many sots of books will keep your mind chnheng ed ond give you that |oh that s mote than |ust bookkeeping 
Call Ma«po Shear** 828 3161 

Experienced 

CALCULATOR 
OPERATORS 

I O -K IY 
OPERATORS 

A p p ly Im m odltrtm ly 

Tem porary 

 o s $ ig n e m e n t$ ava ila b le now 

M A N P O W E R - 
T e m p o r a r y S e rv ic e * 
63o Broadway 224-9251 
RKfUof ojptpGrfwrif y mmpioyar 

SALES 
MANAGEMENT 

 p s o rre n r/C A S U M T Y 
P U R C H A S IN G A G E N T 
This notional company is soaking the knnwtedobi* pun runnel aunt with good expeionr*. t sc ellen! benefits ond a gloat northside lorn lion would be a realiuhle value to provoke your curiosity 
Call Joyce Bebar 828 3161 

Top sa la ry-b o n u ses 
Coll from our S o u th s id e office, hou rs to to 7pm . F a st ro is e s home im provem ent, land e xp e r­ ience helpful. Call todov tor Mrs. 
Leggett, at 225-65)9._____________ 

ACCOUNTING 
OPPORTUNITIES 
LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 
CAU MIKI LOCK! t i c 
82 9-9 6 7 1 

Secretary to Senior Vice 

President 
N o tional 

 broker. MUST bove com ­ 

 m ercial casualty ex­ 

 perience. 

Ow company it looking tor ii rtnmniixn 
L. t—q------- * 
SENIOR COMPUTER 
OPERATOR 
With at least 3 yrs. supervisory exp. 

PLEASE, C A U 
DIANE MILLER 
735-9392, Ext. 31o 

[qual Opportunity fmpbyer 

Call Linda Sowell 
225*61o1 

O utstanding notional cor­ poration seeks degreed oc countant w ith I -3 years o f aud it experience either from private or public ac­ counting. The range o f this position is brood, and con o ffe r grow th to 22K . 

INTERVIEWS secretary 

M S. OreOwle wtlh I yr*. ol- tic* •xpeHent*. Mutt type 
6o wpm and have m m shorthand and 
Iran** ricing 
•kill,. 
Start 
OOO 
. 
$6,6oo 7 yr. Occasional night work. Coll Tortl Often lo t ap­ pointment 
225-6426 by 
February 9. 1977 
CAMINO HAI MAITH 
SYSTEMS ACI NCT. INC 
Executive ’ K" (enter. Suite 31o 
1o17 N Main Ave 
Son Antonio Texas 7871? 

Service Technician 
$ 3 5 , o o o p lu g hue 
Secretary/Sales Aide 

Typing 5o WPM, Shorthand, 8o 

High School Grad 

Cail 226-4251 for ofkpointment 

•quel opportunity employee 

Solos M gr. or soles people, ex­ perienced or in experien ced Do you feel lite is passing you by? Do you fe e l you a re b e in g s h o rt changed? Are vou looking tor a fascinating future? Are vou in te r­ ested in $1,ooo week com m or better? I need sfrong closers with mgmt exp or m gm f potential. No canvassing lf inexperienced, wilt tra in 
C o n ta c t 
M r 
P tr k le , 
517 /96 8P3I toam-4pm 
~MFGR PEP $12,ooo + 
N ut I co. b e n e fits, p ro fit share comm + car Gail Fpx 684 868o 
FIN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons. 5635 Calioohon No375 
$4oo Natl Co Rep $15oo 
Be in d e p e n d e n t! Self S ta rte r! 
Mech + Soles aptitude! Need 2 for growth Paul F ile r 
923 4366 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs. South Placement Service 

o 
FEE PAID 
# g 
S e c re ta ry $ 7 o o a 

It you or* looking for o (ob 
_ with o future, then this is R R lh* pavilion tor you 
(a collen! typing skiffs needed R P 
1 o ^ lot this NS to Great benefits o ^ 

4 | a a k M a a t a r a 1 j ^ 
(Meres Mims Movie I 

US* (HUieVMW o* 
7X1 961*^^ 

G ro w th in business plus the new tax lows hos created a need for a d d itional staff 
(need 
3). 
Degree in ac­ counting 
(minimum 
G FA: 
3 .o ) w ith o 6 m onths e x ­ perience required 
R O C K M O U N T 
Hem et tim pen d— . Im at :m w h Ie: 
Bill Andrew* 
346 W . Rhapsody 
S a n A n to n * . 7 o 2 1 6 

A N IO C M Z F 

A w ell e stablished com pany is looking for oppressive salesmen to sell tru c k equ ip m e n t in San 
Antonio and s u rro u n d in g area 
Call tor appointment. 226-1931 
SECRETARY 
Shorp person needed for ex erutive secretory, must be personable ond well veised in office skills 

 excellent pay ond benefits 
HAMA Mete!button 

O utstanding firm seeks degreed accountant w ith I • 
2 years experience w ithin notional environm ent, 
(need 
2). 
CPA not re­ quired. This is o great o p ­ portunity to move ahead ra p id ly. Savory open from 
1 4 -I8 K . 

8 2 6 - 9 6 7 1 
2 4 4 6 € o o 9 o o S t, 

SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE 
Rotail Packaging 

(hoHengtng opportunity retail parkogma sales We need on ex penencea sales representative with professional 
How related to fashion, grophic orts ond retailing 

Travel required 
(or essential 
Unlimited earning potential 
This position B located in the San An tome exec 

We ore a HTS! (a 
. lending pro ducer of coordinated retail pockag mg rn paper ond plastic 

This is on outstanding career op portumty created by our expanding marketing program Now s me time to get on boor d1 Excellent starting salary, incentive bonus programs ond good fringe benefits 
Send resume and salary requirements to: 
IMPERIAL 
PACKAGING CORP. 
13oo RAC! ST. 
BALTWORf, MARYLAND 2123o 
TFC KUMIN 

616 • OHtCHCI HUM! 
FIND OUT HOW 
AMERICA THINKS 
Publk ((intact to ronduct surveys, petitions, and polls 
Inside and outside surveys cmd sample testing 
5o ‘ CO TO IT PEOPLE" 
CAU TODAY 732-9765 

Unique growth opportunity w ith o > 
$2oo,ooo,ooo com pany to r those who q u a lity ; c a r. s a la ry , ond commission. 828-55o1. 
Wanted Career m indr-i p e o p le lo tra in in sales and m anagem ent 
$6oo to $1,ooo per month Please aooly in person ot 73o3 B lanco 
(u p s ta irs ) betw een 9:3o U o m - 
See LISO. 
We ore a g row ln* 22-year young co m p a n y w ith a h ig h re p e a t, broad lin e of lig h t m oin te n o ce products, tf you hove am bition, can sell quality products and wont unlim ited gross opp ortunity, we should get together. Establishod accounts, every business a pro- j spec!. L im ite d tra v e l in g re a te r ) 
San Antonio area W rite Longhorn I 
W ipe r and S u p p ly , 4122 Todd 
Lane. Austin, Texas. Or Call (512) f 

 ilUmilmmnmeweamamm-mwomaB 

ANNOUNCING 
RESUMES 
FAST 
EFR CUNT 
WfCTlVf 

1 7 1 ’ * 
Letters of 
Application 
Sea Our 

17oo N. Alamo 
Ceelwt dab Hurt., 
2 2 7 - 3 2 2 1 

O H ic p - S « c r « t a r ia l- A d m in i* t r a tiv p - C lp r lc a l 

N o w !! The com pony which has p ro vid e d to p q u a lity personnel service to the Executive Business C om ­ m unity has created o division in volved in 
A d m inistration, S ecretoiy, C lerical, and G en e ra l O ffic e help Your Inquiries in vited C all AAs. Rheume 

5 1 2 - 7 3 6 - 2 9 6 3 
P R O F iS M O N A L -tA IC U T IV I 
C O N S U L T A N T S 

“ N O T JUST A N O THAR A O tN C Y " 

6 2 4 3 I.H . TO, S n it * 4 4 o 
D A L L A S , H O U S T O N , C H A R LO T T E 

Need 2 aggressive sales peo­ ple w ith real estates license. 
Call 82+4521, nrtes 342-4849 
Our customers or* requesting typists, dictaphone, shorthand, 
IO key, Mon •/•*. Aero* IOO. end otnerol (Inks We mon ut only one year el denial riper ion'* flense (itll Helen at 828 25o6 (or on appointment 
EXiCUTIVI SECRETARY 
3-5 yours experienced 
Business letters short bond typing A filing 
5-day week free parking 

Tht Pitluk Group 
223-6131 ask for Syhrio 

FINANCE MGH 
Experienced, tim # to advance career natl co 
$1o,ooo Betty G ront 737 22*1 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Em u Svc, 96 G ill Suite 25o 

NEW QUARTERS 
G ro w in g a g a in , need m o re agents lf you wont a chonce to earn and le orn w hile you grow with us, call soon. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 7521 

 lee Smith I Assoc 
8 2 8-o 7 42 

We are lo oking fo r people who w ant to lose w eight fast and in ­ crease their income white doing it A sate, n u tritio n a l answ er to obesity The product is proven, ond guaranteed Leio, 73+9o51. 

 e qmner program m er degree lite exp 
Datoshore COBOL 
Salary open 
Century Placement Service 
153 Century Bldg 349-1373 
BIOLOGICAL SCIENCE 
TECHNICIAN 
P revious expe rience in e v a lu a ­ tio n of e n rv m e a c t iv ity ond c h e m ic a l c o n s titu e n ts et biological specimens. Knowledge of e m y m e in s o la tio n ond p u r ­ ific a tio n p ro c e d u re s re q u ire d 
Prefer someone who hos worked w ith o u o tm a tic am in o a cid a n ­ alyser Please call 674-141o to ar range interview Southwest Foun­ dation For Research Education. 
Equal Opportunity em ployer 
C o m p u t e r p b o g m m e r 
T R A IN E E 
7 y e a rs c o lle g e in p ro g ra m m in g 5 day B e nefits. 
$55o B a nkers E m p Svc., 17oo 
Crownhilt. 828 *123 
C o m p u t e r " pIT o g r a m m e r 
T R A IN E E 
3 y e a rs c o lle g e in p ro g ra m m in g . 5 day B e nefits. 
$55o B a nkers Em p SVC.. 17oo 
Cl ownhill, 828 4123.______________ 

SSK FC Bookkeeper $9K 
With m anagerial skills needed by estab co M ary 87+6494 New Day 
Personnel Consits. 9o! NE Loop 
41o 
________________ 
M A N A G E * 
TR AIN EE 
C areer growth tor am bitious person 
Internal! co. interest in foods 
$8ooo Betty G rant 732-2241 
SN ELLIN G A S N ELLIN G 
Em p SVC, 9* G ill Suite 25o 
M ANAGER 
T R A IN E E : 
Well groomed shorp tor sporting goods dept 
$84oo Call Angie Price 77-7361 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Emp SVC, 94 Gill-Sulte 3So 

KELLY GIRL 

NEEDS Y O U N O W 

• SECRETARIES 

• TYPISTS 

• STT NOS 

ACCOUNTS PAYABIE— BOOKKEEPER 

General bookkeeping A office work experience 
Knowledge of building materials required. 
Must be a good typist (for computer input) 
5 day work week. 
Premium overtime paid. 
Health, occident, A life insurance. 
Paid vacations. 
DITTMAR LUMBER CORP. 
5oo Seguin St. • South of IH 35 last of New Braunfels Ave. 

 com m ission to s ta rt, c a llin g en our custom ers C ar necessary 
Must be neat and clean-cut 
494 $813 
PROFESSIONAL SALESMAN 
I 
Need a ’ P re " who like s M O N ­ 
E Y !! Coll 732-o761 tor Details 
""PU RL R T I I A t IONS ie LE S 
E x c e lle n t s a la ry + com rr ssion. 
A ttra c tiv e , b ilin g u a l got to r in- sid+outside position O pportunity to build your career with our sue cesstul growing company. It you are fille d w ith enthusiasm and seriou sly want lo succeed, call 
Ms Holman. 454-4o5$ F u rn itu re 
Corp of A m e rica An equal od poi lumly employer 
REAL 
ESTATE 
SALESMAN 
Parttim e 
And weefcend$ Pretor MLS exp­ erience Liberal commission ond your own office 
34+ 5564 
H art 
M cCorm ick 
__________ REALTOR___________ 
RE PR ESE N TA TIV E 
Nonfoods rack servicing in grow ing co 
$96oo Call Betty G rant 732 2241 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Em p Syc, 96 G ilt Suite 35o 

R e s id e n tia l R e a l E s ta te 
Would you like lots et floor lim e w ith lots of phone cells, higher com m ission, continuous p ro fe s ­ sio nal tra in in g it you w a n t it, m assive a d v e rtis in g p ro g ra m , continuous b ro ke r support For co n fid e n tia l in te rv ie w c o ll Bob 
• Rodgers of 12o 57o4. nites 65+43o2 

RECEPTION IST $45o 
Front desk, tontosttc co. See Sue 
828-4494 N ew D a y P e rs o n n e l 
Consits, 9o1 NE Loop 41o________ 
SEC A D M IN ASS I 
G lam orous and prestigious S H not nee This is not lust a Sec position Delime adva ncem ent Some colleae an osset 
Start 
$7oo 
Coll 
Laura 
Hill, 341-75$) 
SN ELLING A SNELLIN G 
Em ploy IU2 W RECTOR Service 

AN OPEN 
LETTER 
R e Heel* eh ne* I W i i 

I am grievously disturb­ ed ond distressed about your present status. 
Please coll me —- if you can satisfactorily ex­ plain bow your last job or two got away From you, I mig!it be able to offer the best sales op­ portunity you ever in ­ vestigated, and place you on our payroll by tomorrow 
Must have some post experience rn direct selling N o out of town travel. 
Coll weekdays 
9 2 4 -4 2 o 8 

You con w o rt a d a y, a w eek, a month or longer 
There's no fee or contract and we pay you according to your skills 
CALI O R C O M I IN 

SP ASSOCIATES 

P re ftts ie e d fm p io y m e n t 
(o n su I ta n tx 
11oo N.f. loop 43o 
•28 5573 
RELAX 
LIT US DO YOUR 
SEARCHING & 
WORRYING lACCOUNTINOl 

(Call Jack Stewart) 
1 *7 / is egoning eg new op­ portunities let venous ex­ perience levels and with dif­ ferent cr npumet rn liable in­ dustries. 
All below ore 

THIE CLERK 
Ase cw dealer hot opening for sxpenemed till* dork 
Accounting ba Aground helpful Reply with calory re quwementc end resume lo 
Personnel Dept. 
P.O. Box 176 
San Anton ta 71291 

I year coltectign experience 
TE RM PL AN 
115 E Travis 274-876t 
SECRETARY 
FU LL TIME 
Kelly G irl 

T yping, sh orthand, g e n e ra l attice. $45+$5oo per mo 
A OI VISK UC O I K I U r u t v ic e s 
4 6 o 6 Cointer view Dr 
Suite I 54 
7 3 6 -3 4 5 3 

^ ^ ■ a ^ a iia R a a a iR B R M i^ ^ 

 io n A n to n ie base d c o lle c tio n a g e n cy c h a in bos im m e d ia te opening in their manager trainin g p ro g ra m . M ust have I or m ore successful years in the telephone collection agency industry, hove a n e a t a p p e a ra n c e , w illin g ta relocate som etim e in the future 
Sotory com m ensurate to ta p e r la n c e a n d a b ility 
R ic h a rd 
G cto rth , Pres ACCOUNT SER 
VICES 734 7171_________________ 
M A N A G E R 
T R A IN E E 
W e ll dressed ana p le a sa n tly oggres sive Reasonable hts St $425 Lee 
Baker 341 2551 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLIN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W RECTOR Service 

RECEPTIONIST 
P A R T T IM E 
H ydraulic: Equip Mech SHK 
H ydraulic: Field Service 
E lectronic Tech 
Computer Opr $8oo 
Job Experts Inc Placement Set 
STATISTICS I 
ANALYSIS CLERK 
Art peel. but *itl consider ap puton)-, with heavy pmrhtol es penance in th* functions of meting! records dept 
* Invitee! waking cenditiens urn) employee benefits 
• Ucefient ifgrhnq colory com mensal ate with tip contect 
M g l n p il B g g 6 e e a t e l 

• t EG Al STENOS 

TYPISTS 

• MIST I MAG 
CARD 
OPERATORS 

W e e ke n d s fn 
T h o u s a n d 
Oaks Naccogdoch ts area 
A STAR IS BORN 
Ow I very I etape i wry Jab 
TYPISTS 
STENOGRAPHERS 
KEYPUNCH OPIRS 
EXPERIENCED PREfiRRfD 

F U LL CHARGE EK APR tee accounting firm advancem ent 
$75o Coll Pat K irk 4$/ 1171 
S N ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G im p Svc 13o3 Rough Hider 

Apply P e rso n n e l Office 
RAY ELLISON INDU STR IES 
48oo— FR ED ER IC KSBU R G RD 
Local m anufacturing cg. has tm m edial* opening tor experienced draftsm en Dulles to include de­ sign, co stin g and o th e r o ffic e functions E xcellent bent-Ii is ana salary Call 72+2215 tor appt independent TE LE TY P E TECH 
NICI AN to report equipm ent in your orea en tim e and m ate rial bosis Send name, phone number ond q u a lific a tio n s to E xp re ss 
News Box 4S7o, san Antonio.Tv 
78297___________________________ 

SECRETARY. F ront desk Greet p u b lic , s lic k e x e c u tiv e o ffic e 
Start $o6o 
Coil 
Norm a 
Scott 
341 2551. 
SN ELLIN G B SN ELLIN G 
E m ploy 1o7 W RECTOR Service 
S e c re ta ry 
P e s t ty p in g , aAd s h o rth a n d , good w ith fig u re s , g aud on te le p h o n e . 
S5o6 + 
? 4+32*3. M r H ill i t CR I TA R Y for spies, servo.*, e n d c o n s tru c tio n o p e ra tio n 
Shorthand, typ in g posting, etc. 
H o u rs l l , 
M o n d a y F r id a y 
D o w n to w n p a rk in g p rg v id e d 
724 4433 tor opp ointm ent 
S e cre to ry 
S5I6 3*oo Good etc s k ills a n d e sp 
C a ll A n d re a 
>32-31*1 3$ol West A v* 
Jobs Norm inc. Plqcenii Svc 
SECRETARY Highly skilled e n c position in tro u t otcP LU S * 
Coli Key Davis 733 22*1 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Erne Svc, 9* G ill Sully 1.o 
S E C R E T AR Y . L ite sh o rth a n d 
U sa d ic ta p h o n e 
5 d a y 
P a id 
-ora tions, sick leave, bonus, re tire m e n t *65o ta n k e r * E m p 
SVC., 87o6 CrpwnhNI, 828+121 
S E C R E T A R Y 
Cecal cem pany needs g irl frid a y tar sales secre­ ta ry Typing ana soma dictation 
I >1+3231 
SECRETARY RECIPE 
Combine one swell bess. NS ca A 

 fee pet* by ear durn* rota genies 
(onttotti! 
... to S3’ OOO pockug* 
(ontreHer .. ta $21,ooo+ irk opt leanest Menage! ta $24,ooo 
Asst Contr oil*' 
(I 2 yrs cig) 
------ $13,ooo 
((introit*! 
................... to $16,ooo 
Office Monon*! to SIS.OOO 
Accountant Analyst 
Ie $ 17,ooo 
Ac!minting frame* ta $1o,7oo 

FEU CHARGE BOOKKEEPfR 
Century 21 
Outstanding firm seeks degreed ai reunion! w ith 1-2 yrs exp with in national environm ent (need 2) 
CPA not required This is a area) egpertum ty to move ahead cupid 
Iv Solary open from 14 18k 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
82+94/1_________ 
2444 Ceeeee 

S a la ry agen. need some se cty skills, new ce Fee negotiable 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
81+9471 
>446 Ceegee 
F u ll c h a rg e b o o k k e e p e r, g a r! time or full tim e 342 3124 
OE NE R A L 
O F F IC E ty p e 
XOwpm. lite bookkeeping expel t e n t* p r e fe r r e d 
C o n flic t M r 
Henry 223 U M 

It CT k I L S A L E S in te r e s t in audio equip . agg re ssive , neat 
S>oo Coli Phil A rre y * >32 7241 
SN ELLING A SN ELLING 
Em p Sec, 94 Gill-Sulte 258 
5 .M o o R e ta i1 S a le * t r a in e e 
515 OOO Degree! international eel 
Sale* cag jo hn Hampton 
923 43*4 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South Placement Service 

MANPOWER 

B O O K K E E P E R 
Ass t p o sitio n w ith e x p e n d in g ce G re a t aes nullities Slortsseu N orm a Scott. 
341 2551 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Em ploy I>2 W REC1QM Service 
Bookkeeper w ith exp in Homa 
B uilding end Reel Estate Opera lion Able lo work in speed ond a c c u ra c y N o rth s id e lo c a tio n 
Send resum e ta E x p re s s News box *9 )o, >82*7 
_ 
CAREER M IN D ED 
In s u ra n c e exp gets th is a p p ly 
*458 vc oil Joy 87S44V4 New Day 
Personnel Con*!!*. 9o1 NE Loop 
AN_______________________ 

 fe m p o r t r y S e rvices 

Mfg ‘ll g iv e y o u a ll 

Hie h e lp y o u mew cf 

AJO Broadway 
224 *251 

874 o686 ANYTIM E p 6 $ i ¥ i 6 n 6 M n iT T 'A u d io 
Visual Technician Repairing and m ain ta in in g at audio end vidgg e q u ipm ent. C o ll Salty T g ch u k, 
73*7567 Equal O pportunity A ffir­ m ative Action Em ployer 
PROG RAMM ER 
Esp IBM iv * tem 3 MOO 12. RPG la n g u a g e com puter Able to operate 3741 disc c a rtrid g e keypu nch TSS spent pregram m m e $18,148. Call 
Tom Snow. 341 2S51 
SNELLING A SNELLING 
Employ 182 W RECTOR Service tfc R v i^ E fe ? H N l6 iN -------- 
Elech erne rapidly growing natl co w ill from spec ie tired eau# 
11o.oo6+ Dan Darnel 732-2241 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Emp Svc, *4 G ill Suit* 2S6 
SUP E H JT TS 1 i le c ’tre n ic s o k ra Industrial m aintenance. 4 y rs esp 
T ro u b le s h o o tin g ond i apair EG PT, se m r en* design work, superb benefit* SISK Coll 
Tom Snow. 341 2231 
SNELLING A SN ELLIN G 
Emotey 182 W RECTOR Service 
T E lr ib l l'i L l in e Co cor Most of tim e in SA Call on hospitals, 
I schools, eta S866 draw , com m is 
Sign 2o%, I I I4 S depending en item sold P ossible tee od. Lee ta k e r, 341 U U . 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Em ptor 182 W RECTOR Service 
TELEVISIO N E N G IN EER 
U T -AUSTIN 
The U niversity et Teen* at Austin has on im m ediate opportunity tar an E n g in e e r w ith 7-9 y e a rs t professional experience in tatevi nee operations and maintenance 
Must h o w recent cefervide* and 
;VTE experience E eauires firs t class FCC license W ill perter rn or supe rvise m a intena nce, ope ra liens end in s ta lla tio n et aretes lienal broadcast eauipment M in­ im um starting s a la ry SI 121 per month, plus excellent fringe ben 
! eht* To apply contact 
THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL 
SERVICES AND 
EM PLO YE E RELATIO NS le i) we HI T A a u s t in , TEXAS >87)} 
An Equal Opportunity and 
A ffirm ative Action Em ployer 

 m M C K IM M 

AD M IN SECRETARY 
Fee paid 
Pratessionot o b ility, skills 
S 7 M + COH June M athis 732 2241 > 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Emp SVC, 94 Gut su it* 259 
EXEC SECRETARY 
Fee Paid 
N at l ca seeks lap skilled pro 
S7S6 Coll Barb K endrick >32 2241 
SN ELLIN G A S N ELLIN G 
Emu Svc, *6 PIM-Suite ISO 
EXEC SECY $756 
Run the shew te r c iv ic m inded bots MHU 464 6466 
P IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons, 562S CphRRhpn No225 
E X P i ill N C E D S te * 1 TAR I needed tar well e*tat> m o d firm 5 day. trinpe benefits en bus tine 
A g p ty in p e rs o n Sal P ra n k 
U n if o r m s 
I QI S o u th 5 u M a **» » £ _ 

SHOO FR NEGOTIABLE 
SECRETARY RECEPTIO NIST work tar 2 fed people rn cg NE loc alg 
Locke E m ploym ent Service 
826 9471 ____________ 2446 Ceegee 
PEE PO n i l l la m * bk ha. clar teal and ability ta supervise tends top soot! 
Raises! 
KIN * 
K irk, 
341 ISSI 
SN ELLIN G A S N ELLIN G t matey le i w r e c t o r service 

INSURANCE SECRETARY 
: Aute end heme owners rating es penance necessary 
NE 
Arpp, 
6SS-#t1|. 

 legit S tc rttin SUO 
Fee n la e tia b le 
P o sition o tters retirem ent ana pension 
Locke Em ploym ent service 
82+9671_____________ 2446 Ceegee 
I 
LEG AL SECY TR AIN EE 
Seer skill* to begin new career 
$57$+ CaH Julie M athis 712-2261 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
EMR Sec, *4 GIM Suite 2*6 

GENERAL OFFICE 
THU! ANO MANY MOE! TEXAS 
BANKING 
OPPGRL NiTIIS 
AM 
AVARAM. 
DON'T MHS W TI 
CAU M i NOW! Myron Goldman. 
B IA SSI] 

VP (OMMFKlkl I OARS 
$75,ooo 
TBUS? SDMiNIMIATOt . . 
$7o,ooo 
T P (ASHM ................. 
$24,ooo 
(ASMI! ......................... 
$114oo 
U K TP 
. . . 
$2<UUo 
V P (OMMfKIAl I OAKS 
$7oooo i V P. (OMMfKIAl LOANS 
$77,ooo 

Some boot keen ing e xp e rie n ce 
GaeP w ith fig u re s and fa st en ie key adding m ar hut*, lite lye mg, pasting machine exp helpful 
Geed cem pany b e n e fits A p p ly 
Dan s A Pee l oo61 West Ave at 
L oop *18 
$456 C finer a1 A ttire 5556 
Typmq. lite bk k g ' P a st a d v a n c e m e n t 
Need ) Joyce Best 
923 43*4 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs. Sooth Piece men I Service 

C re w in g c e m p a n y n ee ds in ­ d iv id u a l wha lik e s people O ut­ sta n d in g o p p o rtu n ity to r s e lf­ starter interested ta challenging and re w e ld in g w ark 
P re vio u s solos experience helpful but net necessary M ust be neat in ap­ pear anre enthusiastic and have late m odel car. F le xib le hours, outside work 
Call M r 
Moore. 
>o6-6277 io ta * Im picivm en* Counselor 
It you have the ability and the desire ta work with people an# have hod sales ar public contact experience, we w ill tram yea! Ceil Ann Woods at 617 1113 
SNELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Emp SVC 8263 Rough Rider 
SALESM AN to r men * clo th in g stare 
Tea calory, steady w ark. benettle m ust nave experience 
P arry M anufacturing Ce *84 to$o 
S A L tiM A N W AN TED 
Must he w illing ta work long hours. Leis et trave lin g, geed pay Please call tar appete tm on I )4 t*)2 5________ 

Pan Time 
J Nights A Week 

A P P LY IN PER SO N 
FROST BANK 

PfRSONNU DIPT 

IO O W . H o u s to n St. 

Secretarial/ 

Receptionist 

M ust hove overage typing skills, good telephone person­ a lity and voice. Ex­ perience w orking 
PBX telephone sys­ tem. a p p ly Hi p e r s o n 
Chrysler Plymouth City 
7 o o o H W L e o ? 4 1 o 

CENTURY 21 
SALES PoSI1IoNS OPEN 
At the newest rn ear 3J68 office 

NATIONW IDE AD VE R TIZIN G 
TR AIN ED AY EXPERTS 
GROUP BE NE FITS 
E X C E LLE N T COMMISSIONS 
CALL POR IN TE R V IE W CALL 
_______OS* 7717____________ 

ACCTS CLEUK $ i6Swk b o o k k e e p e r s ie see* 
General Office (need several! 
Job E xp ert* inc Placem en! Sec 
C L E R IC A L SSS* 
F rie n d ly tun g ro u p , b e a u tifu lly d e c o ra te d 
Geed raises and bena* system 
T ape and be alert Call Ja Gunter, 
341 2551 
SN ELLING A SN ELLIN G 
Em ploy 183 W HECTOR Service 
C L ER i f A t s ta rt t> 66. la rg e not I ce C o n te m p t a ttic e 
Tap cobber type 
Cen Nonna Scott 
M I 2SS1 
SN ELLIN G A S N ELLIN G 
Em ploy 162 W RECTOR Service 
S46U+56P Credrl Clerk Life type and 16 key exp A d vancem ent 
CaH Cindy >32-2t*l >5*i West Ave 
JubS Nor Ch In t, Pipe em ! Svc 

GENERAL OFFICE 

SHU) PIR WIEK 
PIN N EY B Assoc Personnel 
Cows, 563$ CeHephon NoJ35 

 s e c r e t a r y , BepfhMde, School a d m in is tra tiv e a llic e ty p e 76 
WPM. v a rle t office dull#*, a re ­ sponsible g ot Ilion far a m a tu re accurate and dependable person 
*24 655) 
SECR ETARY TO VIP O ft 4 >6 
E x c e lle n t b e n e fits $ Pay soso 
Bankers Em p Svc . 6766 C lown 
IME. Hi-6111- 
SEC PY I ARY 
Type rpwpm 
S her thong lew pm 
$33 *154________________________ 

 e l* Key add by touch elite beak keeping *tre ii-a efttm * •ie e e with fig u re s *k n » w ie d g e o f s w itc h board hateful 
A ll Compony Benefits apply in per io n 
A ? « U n 1 T p 1 v A b lE (in gosl­ in g m a c h in a ). 
5 d a y . $526 
Bankers Erne Svc.. 17o6 Crewn- hril, 128*123 
A' ju s 'f r * t a AINE E "NOT c T cor ♦ eve advancement 
S8466 Call Don Daniel 733 2341 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Emp SVC. *4 GUI Suite 256 
B A N Q U E 
1544------------ 
L ik e m a th A type f This la b is yours1 M arilyn 464-6*66 
FIN N EY A Assoc Personnel 
Cen*. 5633 CottPi hpn No325 

COMMISSION SAUS l i m Western M a r inc 
M il t lA R /A M O P A 
- , 
■ i-1,-.- 
<t i n 'u mygr 
General office, i+ k e y bv teach, rn le as! I yr e xp e rie n c e C o n ta ct 
Mise QgMPfMg 23+ IM ) 
O E N LR A L O FFICE 8556 
L e is e l v a rie ty , tu n bess Sue 
626 *4*4 N ew D a y P e rs o n n e l 
C ontin, to) NE Leap *16 

E x per ie nee inlelim eenl, sell con ndenl person ie call en business execu tives H iph com m ission s, banus. and cor allowance. 
MBWOO___________ 

E xp e rie n ce d a ttic e sugary and fu rn itu re com m ission salesmen 
Bose sa la ry+ ce m m issio n Must reloca te Ie D a lla s. Tx 
SUGGS 
OFFICE SUPPLY I46> in dustrial. 
Alice. Tx 75267 (314)741+111 All noun irs conhdetilial iotas Po-I urn* per sen wonted lo do e stim ating. Loads p ro vid e d . 
Must hove car and be neat and depstndqple Caw i l l 3367 
S A LE S P E R S O N 
Lecai m obile a ir conditioning cem pany needs sales person la travel Texas and 
O k la h o m a a re a 
C o r a n d e x ­ penses Send resume ta F actory 
A ir C onditioning Corp., 1353 W 
French Place, >126)____________ 

 dele Service 
•Me ISO 
CUSTOMER REUmQBS 
SECRETARY S7oQ 
Tvat 56' Lets »f paper w arhf 
Inventery kowtadge' Phone' 
SPEARS PERSONNEL Srv 
11 ruck sow Kelt yr______ 628 121 
Cr unit iii Personnel Service 
8o6 NW Leap 418, 444 OPM Se jBB-l/66 
ECON (^RESO URCES 
Needs Career Consultants 
___________o r t l f ! I __________ 

Tram for asst office m er 
Locke Em ploym ent Service f 
63s *o71 
244* Ceegee 
SECRETARY 
Versatile M fe , excellent odvoncem en' empty 
$566 + Cpu Key D a vit >23 2241 
I 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLING 
Em p Bvt, *6 Gilt-Suite 256 
' 
IE C TO P R l i 
GeaP s k ills pet I t * s p e ll $666 plus' Ann 12644*4 New Day Per- sen ne! Census *6) NE i eau tip 
SfcCTY Personable «ti typing lite SM varied resp* 
*5*o+ Susan Meaner I U i m 
SNELLIN G A SNELLING 
Em p Svc 6261 Rauph Rider 
SS C V Y f r u H e x*” Solid skills people contact Career stet 
S4S6 Tush Tenet *$7 l l } ! 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLING 
Emg Ive I TPI Rough Riper t E V s K m 
S i r * " 
H e lp' Run ptam orp ut ca office 
CRH A m y* *64 see* 
PINN EY A A t sec Personnel 
Con*. IQS Celtapnan N *H > 

W an te d 
E x p e rie n c e d L e g a l 
S ecretory wha can lake m e rg e a n t handle B u tin e **, end Rep! 
K sla te tra n s a c tio n s w ile m in im u m pf s u p e rv is io n * 
S a la ry com m e nsurate w ife a b ility end e x p e rie n c e d A ll In q u ire * cen 
JfcE E B E l 
. 
, 
____ 

EXECUTIVE OFFICE MCR 
M U S E U M . 
CURRENT OPENINGS 
INDU STR IAL 7K 4 E cg 
ROUTE ta BK 
PHOTO COPY I oK 
Jot Experts Inc Placem ent Ser 
OllTlilUVdRiUirKl.t Man ager We ore leaking le r an in ­ d iv id u a l w ith a h ig h ly p ro v e n track racero in sales Call C h n* pl 

 if l^ K t t iw n n x m m M t a a im x iw 

Local retail chain ond whet*sole division E xperience in account 
•n* and supervisory P refer ever 
3$ 
R a c k * ro u n d in p e rs o n n e l rota hens and orpom uN n nni ex* 
8* ii t ie r »*r 
P erm anen t Heavy a d m in is tra tiv e re s p o n s ib ility , some com puter or data graces* in * desired S a lary agen 
S ent expo !tenet cmd d p i* I* Express 
News Bex tsp* 

SENIOR SECRETARY 

S U S M utt* 
* able ie fe te >gw 
M ust he able ie T y p e lo w p m , hor inertia EE. end } year* seer* lo ry academic ex p Good loud der fton in English gram m ar Highly responsible ne si hen that requires reliable m o* pen dent tudgemvnt 
UT 
H E ALTH 
SCIENCE 
C N E N lER 
HOI Floyd CITTI Or hgupi O pportunity Em ployer 

Mi ttm ctiam cA i 
5SEE Acce u n it C lerk ISIS 
N p l'l cg. esp m I# key + c p lc p |p l* r i 
Raises Sherry Burns ta i alee t i l iw M ilitary 
Juts Seam Plge.emenl Serene 
! - “ 
T s r r a r a r - 
* 
Bs! ce neaps toad pkkptng skills 
Lynn 626 o4*4 New Day Pee sen net 
Constr*, *S) NE L e a t AIR 

SSOfl EF! RAIO 
Clark typist, prow with cempany la rk s Em ploym ent Service 
63 + **/1_______ 
24*6 Ceegee 
• oex* e pe r'F w il Cfi a r g e lM u s I have proven Experience Prefer 
• ably in C n n tfru th e n I i q gg ret liv e w ife R e tire to e xce l w ith g ro w in g com panies c o rn fe d in 
S e g u m -le r a p p t , *1 8 -45*2 a r 
I ITO 7426 ta Seguin 
_____ 
$556 dope keeper* 5856^ Astr steal ar fu ll m a r * * ' Hoi lr, or south 
Nee* } ' Sherry Earn 
*21 Alee 
4)1 SW Mintery 
Jon* seu m a im ament service 

 g o o kkt ftP h n i m *#6 At is e tvie u s bv salary tai* ce lakes care el its own PeneM* leu' fu n newt Laura MUI, SII ISS) 
) 
SNELLING A SNELLING 
Emgiay ISI rn 
Service 

C A 5 h 11 1 ta r m ea t c le ru m * stere Tea salary s to p t* w ark bv •> eft is m a tt nave experience 
, Bull y Mg -Ulm lu r.n j C f *+* 7*5# 

GIRL F R ID A Y tar b u t* h o v e l agent y M u tt Iv a * A tw ain good w ith d e ta ils and fig u r e * C u t lam er re e le c t W ork w ell under pressure M any b e n e fits is sn 
Send qualification* Ie M anager. P 
O Bee III * * San Antonio f i l l * 
ISIS inventory Control 55*6 
E x t for natl cat Type* I* hay! 
8+ Joyce Best 
*2145*o 
*11 SW M attery jobs Suufh K'O. ym enl Service 

LB A K N 
MORTGAGE LOAN 
PROCESSING 
S a la ry agen. A p p ly i t A lu m * investm ent Ca >5*3 S tprciesf Dr 
Mar gape lean roc apt Coffee lin g e x t N S ifa rtin g SSD* raise* 
Century Placem ent Service t i l Century Bldg M» I 111 

OI?. Co1LFCToR 
SU MO SAUS PRO w o rk fo r b e s t in PM s e lfin g downtown area n a n |/o 4 
Locke E m ploym ent Service 
*34 fe lt_____________ 2444 I repel 

PROS ONLY egg tar egg! 34* #711 
C N TH U ifA S M ANO IDU AC T Ab' 
VERTISING OR GRAPHIC ARTS 
E X P B R IS N L t? 
We need someone w ife these qu a litie s ie sap ITEM Automatic Slat Comer as and P ie fe m o s e rs in B e x a r 
C ounty E xp e n se s, d re w -c o m - m ission based en gross g re fil 
Send resum e I* Rob Led ym pn . 
La d vm ta C e t< San Antonio M *I4 
Radium. Son A m ani* /b a i* er eau tar uifOFViaw 1 2 + *l*l fefervtaw * w in be beld F e b ru a ry *.*,»# a* iipB M R IPB PBMNdggm_______ _ 

S/oo FEE PAID 
Nationally known product' Local 
T e rrito ry ' Deal wife execuhvasi 
SPEARS PERSONNEL Srv 
IQI jackson K eller 
828 12*2 

P u ll charge bonks I J y r * 
Leek* Smote reliant Service 
62o H 71 j*** Ceegee t EK PO ACC P A YAB LE 
Plush o ffic e a or th sip* l a c Goad future $8o6 Cpu Ann 62* *4*4 New 
Day Pet senna! Census. •* I ne 
L e e r EIB 
F I L PO $716 
F un char** bookkeeper! lap N S h im Cpu Stun 
Rich A Assoc im p fa y m e m sr* 
*646A Saw Pud! u ll s aes i 
J* L EE T ACC OU (E t C L I BM Witt lr Ria ta automative fie ld Same 
C leric*! e x p e rie n c e req G et# la r g e r 
I d a y n e t 
B a n k e r* 
Bm * 
S ec. 
61*6 
Crewman 

TV TECHNICIAN 

SALES REP 
SOL RESUMES 

 i i r n i r r i i i u u n 
W RITTEN REASONABLY 
____________666-IBI I _________ 

B ilin g u a l E x e c u tiv e S e cre ­ tary This is a career position 
M u st h ave s k ills p f ty p in g 
* ow e m s h o rth a n d flw p m , pfeo must he wdiinp ie la p in a ll phases et the b usiness la m p 
CPW*** education 
.J« 
- t S.- 
St AR TINO SALARY t i l SEB A N N U A LLY 
A il t rin e * * p a id le r by fee cem pany R eply i t E xp ress 
News Aes EMI 

Company seeks degreed per sen wife m oi leone experience ie coli en re a l e s ta te c o m p a a * * b u ild e rs , etc 
To 
I t li t ♦ comm ^expenses Coll Vie 

Leek* E m otorm en! Service 
63+9471 
1444 C e e*** j m y i i P . '^ uTj^ ^ K ” 
' 
Established accounts, I y r* e x t S iren* mom I pelenhgi 
I IO OM Susan Mooney *17 11 l l 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLING 
I R A Svc EMJ le u th Riper 

 iM rttiM Caovwffitr fW iM i iv#m w w w p i f f * n i l i« yr* t i? ilb rf i i i ! * f ilin g Car Salesman i AnfedU * aide si used sp* 
One yrs ex*., sRu • IW S* 
Locke E m ploym ent Service 
EB+Ep/ t 
2444 Congee 
A tli ne live p o rt hen* secretor v 5 
* 6*1 

ACCOUNTS F A ' in t m a c h '" * ) 
Bankers B m * I 
IHM. S2B+I I1 

Page I 8-D 
San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Sunday February 6 I 977 

61o OFFICE & CLERICAL 

ONE PERSON OFFICE 
A n sw e r p hone! T vp e 45! File ! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S rv 
2o7 J a c k so n -K e lle r 
828 1292 

PAYROLL $6oo 
4oo e m p lo y e e s , a ls o s o m e a c ­ counts oay-rec. 
L o c ke E m p lo y m e n t Se rv ic e 
826 9671_______________ 2446 Ceegee 
P e rm a n e n t p osition s a v a ila b le for excellent typists. I p art tim e a nd I full time. M u st be neat in a p p e a r o nce a nd w illin g to le a rn 
So m e p re v io u s office e x p e rie n c e d e s ir ­ able, but not n e c e ssa ry. In te re st­ in g w o rk in p lu sh d ow n to w n of­ fice S a la r y c o m m e n su ra te with ability. Se nd re su m e to E x p re ss - 
N ew s B ox 8145, 78297 Y o u will be contacted within 48 hrs.__________ 
P e rson ab le , b ilin gu a l ge n e ra l of flee a s s is t a n t n e e d e d tor d ow n town D o c to r's office. P lease, send r e s u m e to P O b o x 17613. S a n 
Antonio, 78217_____________________ 

P U B L IC R E L A T I O N S 
N S CO se e ks m ortgage, title e xpe rtise 
56oo Call B a rb K e n d ric k 732-2261 
S N E L L I N G & S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc, 96 G ill-Suite 25o 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 
TRADES 
614 SKILLS- 

612 MEDICAL 
612 -MEDICAL 
612 

P U R C H A S I N G : 
T o 58oo fo r s e v e r a l y r s e x p ! G r e a t h r s , choice N S otc + c h a llen ge ! K itty 
K irk, 341-2551 
S N E L L I N G & S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o2 W R E C T O R Se rvic e 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
P le asan t personable, lots of activity. 
5475 C all K a v D a v is 732 2261 
S N E L L I N G 8. S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc, 96 G ill-Suite 25o 
R E C E P T IO N IS T F ro n t desk spot lite se cty sk ills 
55oo C all Pat K ir k 657-1123 
S N E L L I N G K S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc. 82o3 R o u g h R id e r 
R E C E P T I O N I S T 
G re e t clien ts a n s w e r p h o n e s en toy benefits M itli 684 868o 
F I N N E Y & A sso c P e rso n n e l 
Cons, 5835 C a lla g h a n No325 

MEDICAL and CLERICAL PERSONNEL 
Increase your income by over $ 1 ,o o o a year by serving your community in the A R M Y RESERVE!!!!! 
T raine d o r re ce iv e tra in in g as: 
D e n tal A ssista n ts 
O p e ra tin g R o o m Techs 
Lab Techs 
M e d ic a l R e co rd s Clerk 
X R a y Techs 
P e r s o n n e l/A d m in Splst 
IV N s 
C le r k /T y p ists 
M e d Equip R e p a ir 
M a n y , M a n y M o re l! 

You can qualify if you are between 1 8 -3 4 years old, possess a High 
School diploma or G E D , and can pass a mental and physical exam. 

 lf already trained, you m ay be eligible for advanced rank of E4 or E5. 

Arm y Reservists are required to attend one weekend Drill a month and two weeks annual training yearly. 

A L SO NEEDED A RE D EN TISTS, D O C T O R S & R N s (B S D e g re e ). 

Mem bers of the 94th G eneral Hospital will be at Bldg. 6 1 3 , Fort Sam 
Houston, Feb. 5 & 6, from 8 :o o a.m. to 4 :o o p.m. 

I c? 
SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

Continued growth of Swearingen Aviation corporation has created a demand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufacturing. 

Swearingen has immediate requirements for experienced Sheetmetal Mechanics. These positions require 2 to 3 years experience performing structural assembly and aircraft sheetmetal in­ stallation. These positions offer starting rates from S3.49 to $4.19 per hour, automatic 9o day in­ creases, annual general increases, and excellent working conditions. 

OTHER C O M P A N Y BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

616 • TODD DRINK SERVICES 
616 FOP!) DRINK EtWCES. 

BULL M OO SE 
KITCHEN & TAVERN 
(N O W INTERVIEW ING ) 

 a S E A T IN G H O S T E S S E S 
• F O O D W A IT R E S S E S 
• B A P T E N D E R E SSE S 
• c o c k t a il w a i t r e s s e s 
• C A S H IE R S 

Experience unnecessary, d a y — between the hours of 3 
Person To: 

6 5 o 1 Blanco Rd - 

• C O O K S 
• W A IT E R S 
• KITCHEN HELP 
• B U S HELP 
• D O O R M E N 

Apply to 6 p m. 

V ISIT O R CALL T H EM AT: 2 2 1 -3 o 2 4 or 2 2 1 -4 3 5 6 . 

RECEPTIONIST- 
BOOKKEEPER for sm all o rq a n iia tio n dow ntow n 
T e le p h o n e , b a s ic k n o w le d g e of m a th e m a t ic s, a d d in g m a c h in e a n d c a lc u la to r, t y p in g o n d lite s h o r t h a n d 
In d iv id u a l m u s t be m a tu re a n d e x p e r ie n c e d 
P a id v o ca tio n s 227-317o________________ 

RECEPTIONIST $5oo 
P e rso n a lity o nd phone voice. IO I lines 
L o c ke E m p lo y m e n t Se rv ic e 
I 
826 9671 
7446 te e p e e i 
R E C E P T I O N I S T tor te le p h o n e ' o n d typ in g, s a la r y b a se d on ex- ; perience 
H o lid ov 
B ric k , 
Inc 
I 
653 o85o____________________________ j 
R E C E P T I O N I S T 
T yp e o nly 4o 
G re e t re p s a n d c u s to m e r s P e r s o n a h t y a n d p o is e 
55 oo 
J o 
Gunter 341 2551 
S N E L L I N G & S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o7 W R E C T O R Se rvic e 
R E C E P T I O N I S T 5475 
G re a t location! Top tirm ! P lu sh office! C all B ra d 
R ich Ii A sso c E m p lo y m e n t S rv 
6B4QA Son P e d ro 826 o661 
R E C E P T I O N I S T 559o 
Su pe r b o ss C en tral location Dee 
828 6494 N e w D a y P e r s o n n e l 
Conslts, 9o1 N E Loo p 41o_________ 

Reservation Sales Agent 
N a tio n a l M o to r Inn c h a in n ee ds 
R e se rv a tio n !*! sa le s A g e n ts for its cen tral re se rv a tio n office E v e n m g a nd day shifts a v a ila b le Con tact L o Q u in ta M o t o r In n , In c 
P e rso n n e l Dept 349 1221________ _ 

SECRETARY $55o 
B o s s not in o ffice m u c h - m u st think o nd act on ow n N E 
L o c ke E m p lo y m e n t Se rvic e 
8 26 96/1 
2446 Ceegee 

S E C R E T A R Y B O O K K E E P E R . I g irl office, lite b oo kk e e p in g, typ ­ in g F r e d 
R d a re a , 8-5, 5 d u y week 736 3121_____________________ 
S E C T R E C E P T 56oo 
U s e y o u r se c s k i l l s a n d la n d 
56oo L y n n 828 6494 N ew D a y P er s onnel Cunslts, 9o1 N E L o o p 41o 
S E C T Y R E C P T Ft off a cc u ra te typist. D icta ph o ne helpful, b u sy desk exp in A R, A P 
56oo C all T rish Tenet 657 1123 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p SVC 82o3 R o u g h R id e r 
S h a rp re c e p t w ith lite exp. w ill ] train on P B X console, lite b ooks. I 
M rs 9-6, sta rts 54oo ra ise s 
C en tury P la ce m e n t Se rvic e 
153 C en tury B ld g 149 1373 
S m a ll d ow nto w n o ffice r e q u ir e s I p e rs o n w ith b o o k k e e p in g e x p e r- I tence a nd lite typ in g to a d m in iste r I retirem ent p la n s C om p u te r exp ! h e lp f u l 
N e e d m a t u r e o e r s o n w illing to w ork Se nd re su m e to P 
O B ox 17442 Sa n A ntonio 78217 
I 
Sp a n ish sp e a k in g cle rk typist tor 1 fin a n c e c o m p a n y 
5 d a y w e ek 
Coli tor a p p o in tm e n t. 227 o146 __ 

S P A R K L E ! 
S P A R K L E ' 
F E E 
N E O 
F ro n t o ffice p re tty sm ile 
A v e r* a ge tvoe -ep ho n es 5475 Shirt 
R ic h & A sso c E m p lo y m e n t S r v 
664oA So n P e d ro 826 o661 

S T O P 
N 
G O 
A C C O U N T I N G 
D E P T h a s f u ll tim e p o s it io n o v ailo b le im m ed ia te ly M u st type 
SO w pm a n d o p e r a t e IO k e y b y touch 
C all 
Tom 
P e te rso n I 
144 4576____________________________ | 

SUPERVISOR $675 
2 or 3 y r s exp a cc ts p ay rec 
L o c ke E m p lo y m e n t Se rvic e 
826 9671_______________ 2446 Ceegee 1 
T Y P IS T R E C E P T I O N I S T M u st be a c c u ra te E x c e lle n t w o r k in g : con d itio n s G o o d benefits 5 d ay j 
55oo 
B a n k e r s E m p iv e . , 87oo 
C row nh ill 828 4123_______________ I 
T Y P IS T R E C E P T I O N I S T M u s t be a c c u ra te E x c e lle n t w o r k in g cond itions G oo d benefits 5 day 
55oo 
B a n k e r s E m p 
S v c , 87oo 
C row nh ill 828 6121________________ 
M o n t lo c a l 
C o lle g e 
S t u d e n t 
C le rk T yp ist, b o o k k e e p in g e x p helpful 
N o sm o k in g , go o d p a y 
F I S H E R S, 145o N E L o o p 41o___ 
2x2 A N N O U N C IN G 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
H a v e Im m e d ia te V a c a n c ie s In 
The F o llo w in g P o sitions: 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 

» 
R N s 3 to I I ond l l to 7 

» 
R E G IST ER ED 
X R A Y 
T E C H N IC IA N S / to 
3 
(Salary 
Negotiable) 

* 
L IC E N S E D P H Y SIC A L T H ERAPY A S S IS T A N T 

» 
S Y S T E M S A N A L Y S T P R O G R A M M E R — M inim um of 2 yrs. experience in A N S , C O B O L program m ing is re­ quired 
ALC, 
C IC / V S , 
D L/1 / V S, or' 
IM S / V S p ro ­ gram m ing experience also helpful. 

VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
• LV N s - I I to 7 and 3 to I I 
• RN s - 3 to I I 
• EEG T E C H N IC IA N - Shift I 
Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. 

A p p ly In P e r s o n 

P E R S O N N E L O F F IC E 
Santa Rosa -5 1 9 W. Houston St.; 228-2343 
Villa Rosa Annex - 51 I 5 Medical Dr.; 228-2634 

A n ( q u a l O p p o r t u n ity e m p lo y e r 

J 

U N I Q U E ! ! 
N.H. AOMIN. - 
Must Have TX lie 
FINANQAt ANALYST - 
Accounting Degree or 2 yrs. exp required 
DENTAL RECEPT. - 
Exp It. lype Office Hrs 
C. RESP. THERAPIST - 
Needs Degree Unique 
•ULNESS MANAGER - 
Some Typing, Dictaphone, Good 
Salary 
DRUG STORE NEEDS TYPIST 
(♦Owpm) — 8-5 poss weekends 
“ W I A H CO M PO T fklZ fD " 
San An (onto 
Health Services 
Placements, 
Inc 

• Retirement Program 
• Group Life Insurance 

* insured Sick Pay 
• Group Medical Insurance 

• 9 Holidays 
• Liberal Vacation Benefits 

• Tuition Assistance 
• Disability Benefits 
• Bereavement Pay 
• Job Posting 
• Company Sponsored Employee Activities 
• Jury Duty Pay 

BARTENDRESS 

• Good Hours 

• Good Benefits 

Reply to Express News 
Box 45o2, 
Son Antonio, 78297 

62o 
- 
Help 
Miscellaneous___ 

Wanted 

612 MfDICAl 

A K E A L C H A N C E F O R A 
N U R S E TO B E C O M E A 
R E A L T H E R A P IS T it you o r# a C R N A a nd w ant to tru ly w a rk with pvopl#. I w o u ld like to folk with voo We operate a 
D a lla s F o r t W o rth p s y c h ia t r ic a n d a lc o h o lis m J C A H h o s p it a l a n d use a m o d a lity calle d "p e n tothol interview to teach re la x a ] lion. help the patient ventilate ond to help p ro b le m s o lv in g t w ill tram you ond it you a re selected before M o re ls 1st. I Witt se n d yea to a 6 d a y o il e x p e n s e p a id 
C o lu m b ia 
U n i v e r s i t y p o s t gra du ate c o u rse in basic m edical h y p n o sis 
Y o u wilt w o rk c lo se ly w ith m e in h e lp in g tro u b le d in d iv id u a t s r e c o v e r 
S a la r y a n d m o io r c o rp o ra te benefits com p # titive with att E R N A s D a ytim e h o u rs only 
46 h o u r w eek 
M u st be a well a d iu ste d o nd em pathetic ind ivid ual 

T A L K O N L Y w it h R o b e r t B 
D unn. M O H o sp ita l D ire c to r or 
L e s lie M c L e o d A d m in is t r a t iv e 
A ssistan t F a rt W orth and m idci ties a re a <214)589 o444 W e Witt or ran ge tor on in te rv ie w 
__ 
B O O K K E E P E R Acct C le ik 
Su p e r apptv M F, exp r e a d 5425 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hilts M e d B ld g eta 99IQ 
M edic at D ental E m p Se re 
B O O K K F E P L U 
E x p rn M e d ic a id M F 565# 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak Hilts M e d B ld g 49o 991# 
M e d ica l D ental E m p Serv 
CL tit L A B T E C H 
O r s ate. M F re g req d 57oo 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ills M e d B ld g 696 H i # 
M e d ica l Dentol E m p se re 
D E N T A L A S S T 
A ss is t Dr F ro n t and b a c k M c 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ills M e a B ld g 6*« 991# 
M e d ic a l D e n tal E m p Sere 

D o w n to w n M O d e s ir e s m e d ic a l 
T e c h n ic ia n , S o o n is h L a n g u a g e a n d refe ren ce s req u ire d S ta rlin g sa la ry 565# m onth R e p ly to E x p re s s N e w s B o x 449*_____________ 
~ 
E X E C S E C T Y 
G o o d ty p in g , m o d te rm d ic t a ­ phone O r S Oft M F to 5466 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ills M u d B ld g 69o 991# 
M e d ica l P en tol E m p Serv 

INSURANCE CLERK 
Exp. in medical field! Type 
451 
SPEARS PERSONNEL SIM 

2o2 m m w m w 
L IV E IN C O M P A N IO N S 
M a tu re todies to core tar the rn va lid or e ld e rly 
E a r n an excot- i le n t s a la r y , p a r t o r tuft tim e 
R o am and b o a rd p aid w eekly No tees R N su p e rv isio n 
P L E A S E C A L E 224 2)41 
W ark with pride a nd respect w ork M r H o m e m a k e rs U p io h n on equal opportunity em ploye! 

L Y N tar n u rsin g hom o Hilt tim e 
I 
I J. retie! 7 J, 3 ll It 7 924 SH J 

L Y N R E L I E F l l 7 A u to m a t in g w eekends 49o 9974 call between 9 a n i I im ALI SHIFTS r n L E W 
I S ___________________l i t S I I I 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
See S u n da y s ade. m o n y m r s 
O R P E R S O N N E L oak Mills Med Bldg 69* 99l| 
M e d ic *! Denial E n id Eery 

A XE D i C A L S E f R E T A R Y . . . . . , . t e n s iv e m e d ic a l e x p e r ie n c e ter 
«•> » li t t le M t t E M I M # et# est/ 

H O M E M A K E R S 
UPJOHN 

RN’S— LVNs 

Join San A n to n io ’s la rg e st p ro v id e r o f staff relief services: call: 224-2341 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

STAFF PHARM ACIST 
Full time positions available for experienced hospital pharmacists 
• Unit d o se sy ste m 
• I.V. a d m ix tu re p ro g ra m 
• 11 P M -7 A M SHIFT 
Excellent starting salary com m ensurate with experience. Excellent w orking conditions and employee benefits 

C o n ta c t P e r s o n n e l O ffic e 
M e tro p o lita n G e n e ra l H o sp ita l 

1 2 3 o B r o o k ly n A v e . S a n A n t o n io 7 8 2 1 2 

 equaf opportunity em ployer 

MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIST 
(ASCP) 

5 years experience all areas of laboratory. E x­ cellent working conditions and em ployee benefits. 
Storting salary open com mensurate with experience. 

Contact Personnel Office 
M e tro p o lita n G e n e ra l H o sp ita l 
I 2 3 o B ro o k ly n A v e . 
San A n tonio, Tex. 7 8 2 1 2 

(q ual O pportunity Em ployer 

•4 •• I Lop *1o 
I***. 
IJH 
San Antonio !b#o5 itll6 
(ST? J4941IJ 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS f xpanding clinical reference laboratory bos TiCHNOlOGIST positions available tor: d RADIO IMMUNOASSAY 
Perform extensive spectrum of 
R IA tests fcxpertence preferred 
• (NDOCRINOIOGY 
Perform routine endocrine p ro ­ cedures 
• SKOAL CHEMISTRY 
Perform expanding eiec 
♦rophorests techniques & multi 

 pie chem istry analysts d AUTOMATION 

To operate S M A C 
M ust have autom ated instrument ex perience 
(12 6o, 
S M A C or equivalent) 
{■callant company benefit! 
Salary commemorate with experience 

Call Ms Hickey 69o-122o 
Monday Friday Rem-Spin 
Sgvai *ee»rtv-it, (wetly . 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation in­ dustry. We ore committed to a policy of promotion from within and offering employees op­ portunities for advancement based on their individual ability and performance. 

 lf you are interested in knowing more about these openings and a possible future with 
Swearingen, telephone Paul Granato, Personnel Administrator, at 824-9421, Ext. 319. You may also apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, International 
Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road post Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on NE entrance road.) 
SWEARINGENWk 

A V I A T 7 o / V C 
O 
R 
P O 
R 
A 
T 
I O 
N 

A S u b sid ia ry o f Fairchild Ind ustries 

An {qual Opportunity Employer 

Full & Port Time 
Day & Night Help 
18 years of age or over 
Neat in appearance apply 2-4pm only 
6967 San Pedro 
(no phone calls please) 

BRICK CONTRACTORS 

£4- / ii 
',,s5 ' 
V * ; * w i * £ ’* ’ V* * 
**' 
Large New Subdivision 

North Houston, Texas Area 

Rotating shifts for children's center. 

Contact 
Nursing Services 

7 3 6 - 4 2 7 3 
SAN ANTONIO 
CHILDREN S CENTER 
2939 W. Woodlawn 

NEEDED 
LVNs 
3 to I t a n d 
1 1 to 7 sh ifts 

SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
•o26 Heed Curl Dr. 
San Antonio, Tx 71229 
An equal opportunity employer 

. # 
V-- 

'■iM :■ * i ' % 

I 
• 

* 
Ie , '/* 
> , i 
?. 
' ' W v-Y t . : 
>- • 
. 

PLAN T 
SU PERIN TEN D EN T 
$2o,oo+ fee Bd 

Y e a r 1 o -1 5 y rs. e x p e r ie n ce In i t n N t v r d s te e l o r sh e e t m e ta l e n v ir o n m e n t m a y Q u a lify y o u fo r this su p e rio r sta ff p o sitio n . 
M u st k n o w w e ld in g , sh e a rin g , g rin d in g , slittin g o n d b o a g o o d c o m m u n ic a to r, b o n u s p r o g ra m is o u tsta n d in g . 
L o ca tio n is 3 9 m ilo s fro m 
D a lla s m e tro , r e lo c a tio n p a id b y c lio n f co rn ­ 

 e a l! P a t F in n e y 
K e y P e rs o n n e l 
S e a rch C o nsulta nt* 
4 1 o 4 G a rd e n d a le S u ite 3 1 4 
S on A n to n io , Tx 7 1 1 1 6 
(5 1 1 ) 6 9 o -9 1 9 1 

• MANAGER TRAINEES 
Salary $625 
• MANAGERS 
Salary $625 +comm. 

Need quo ine d people ope 23 or 

 ovei for m anagement positions. 
Call for interview 
Wed. A Thors. 1-3 p.m. 
Hamby Dairy Queens 

341-3116 

I '- T 
J 
* 
J * " 
A t te n tio n 

N A V IG A T O R S ! 

A RARE FLYING ' 
OPPORTUNITY FOR 
QUALIFIED AIR 
I FORCE NAVIGATORS 

Keep your present civilian 

 job and enjoy good pay for 

 port-time navigation. 
Im ­ 

 mediate openings for several 

 navigators. 
Call your 
Air 

Force 
Reserve 
Represen­ 

 tative today 

Coll your 
Or Mail 
Air Force Reserve 
Coupon 
Represenative 
Today! 

(5 1 2 )9 2 4 5186 

TO: 433 T A W /R S 
Kelly ATB, Tx. 78241 

Name:_____ _____________ 

Address: 

City: 

State: 

Phone: 

-I 

Zip: 

(Yes) 
(N o) * 

PLUMBER 
E x p e rie n c e d , for re sid e n tia l a nd sm all com m e rcial lobs P lenty of w ork! C o m p a n y benefits. Y O U N G 
P L U M B I N G C O . P o r t L a v a c a , 
Tx. (512)557-6733 
_____________ 

Dote of Birth: 

AIR FORCE RESERVE 
Your Local Air Force 

$55o ROUTE DRIVERS $95o 
N eed 4 to stort. N a n co train in g p rogra m . John H am p ton 
923-4366 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs, South P la ce m en t Se rvic e 

 l.N 

Call Rick, Tom or Brian 

( 7 1 3 ) 6 9 7 - 2 7 5 1 

After 6 P.M . A W e e k e n d s Call: 
> i 
't r*r 
» 
RICK (713) 273-4931 

TOM (713) 781 -1467 
’v 
*"■&' 
' r' .rf 
BRIAN (713) 6 8 1 -9 7 o 2 

MACHINE SHOP 
WORKING FOREMAN 
Excellent opportunity in well equipped shop for qualified person to set up machines, from people, and supervise department 
Must have ex­ perience in lathes, nulls, turret lathes, and be able to loom NC milling mochinos ond turning cantor operations Contort Roger 
Kenyon, Superintendent 
STINSON 
MANUFACTURING CO. 
5S5 Harriman 
222-2293 

HEAD NURSE ton ecu, iccu, pee medical units 

Experience Required 

Progressive b col hospital, 
J.C.A.H. ac­ credited. 
Excellent fringe benefits. 
Salary negotiable. 

Send Resume To 
E x p re ss/N e w s B o x 5 2 3 8 

San A ntonio, Tx. 7 8 2 9 7 

Iq u a l O pportunity Em ployer 

MEDICAL TYPIST 

Flotilla ncy rn medico! tar minology and tiansinption rt quirod 4o hour week 
Moly open Full hinge benefits. Ap pmants tested 

Send reference* to: 
E X P R E S S-N E W S 
Box 81 4 9 
San Antonio, Ti 78297 

LINE TECHNICIAN 

EXPERIENCED O NLY 

(TRU CK SH O P ) 
SEE BILL BEESON 
IN P E R SO N 
TO M BEN SO N CHEVROLET 
L O O P 4 1 o N O R T H AT S A N P E D R O 

A N EQUAL O PPO K W N IT Y EMPLOYEA 

BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

Have opening for ex­ perienced TV bench tech- entng 
TV be moan 
Good salary for qualified person. Excellent company benefits. 
736-46o3 

S N C R W O O O 
V A N U N K * 
Has openings for a fow qualifi­ ed long distance household good haulers 
REQUIREMENTS 
1. Hava commercial license. 
2. Ie able to quality with company. 
3. Be ever 21 years old. 
4. Have at least 2 years over the road experience in household goods 
5. Re sober and 
I do bi# 
We have tractors available tor leos* jH/ichove 
C a ll R a y C ro u se 
SHERWOOD VAN LINES 

- 2 2 1 o 

M e tro p o litan G e n e ra l H o sp ita l 
I 

 bas immediate opening for 
C.S. TECHNICIAN 
| 

 with good knowledge of operating room in­ struments. Excellent working conditions and employee benefits. Excellent starting salary commensurate with experience 

Contact Personnel Office 
123o Brooklyn Ave. 
San Antonio 782 I 2 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

I 

I 
LVNS 
STAFF RELIEF 
Y o u d e c id e the typ e of a s s ig n merit, d a y s a nd shifts you w ont lo w ork 

N O F E E S ! 
IN S T A N T P A Y 
Medical Personnel Pool 
1o<9 N M a m 
724 S i t s 
MfDICAl 
TRANSCRIPTIONIST 
M e d ic a l r e c o r d s d e n a r In te n t, 
IH M la ll fSt>M 4# h o u rs a week 
Helium--, m e a,tai term ino lo gy It worn typing. J yo u r* t x o k rie n c k 
Apply Per sonnet Office 
SO U T M W E i f T U M A S 
M F I M G O iS T H O S P 
77## F lo y d C urt Or equ al opp or tunity e m ptorer 

MfDICAl TRANSCRIBER 
Must be prehcient wit# 
MIU) fogy lermiuolajy 
CBR 22*6)o1 {XL SO 

Ta SS## D O # m s t y p e leo m m 
D B P i ii S O M H # L 
O k * Huts M m * B ld g se #e a t# 
M e d ic a l D e n HH fem # S e if 

M E O S U P E R V IS O R 
D e g r e e o r h e a v y su p , e s p a d vane am ent Su pe r bene se.### 
O R P E R S O N N E L o a k H ills M u d B ld g 69# 991# 
M.-Ui, ui_D e n im i m * Se rv 

N U R S IN G H O M E A D M IN 
M c re a d S U K Split tee 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ills M e a B ld g se # e ft # 
M ed ico ! D e n ta l E m p Stew 

 m 
'm v l v 
I 
P r e y e xp gets t i c sat, bon 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak Hilts M e d B ld g 49# eel# 
M e d ic a l D e n tol E m p S e n 
P H Y S I C A L 
T H E R A P I S T im m e diate need tar full tim e L P T 
E k c e tle n t s a la r y a n d a ttra c tiv e benefits in an e nviron m en t ro u t! e n io y 
C o n t a c t P e r s o n n e l e t 
E d u c a t io n a t L u b b o c k S t a t # 
School, P Q B o x 5)14, L u b b o c k . 
T X 7941/ or CBM (#o4) 741 7941 
A N E Q U A L O P P O R T U t T Y 
A F F I R M ! TI v t A C T IO N 
, l i ^ f ^ v * * 
I 

RESEARCH ASSOCIATE 
11o(4 M on th 
M u st n o v o m u ste rs d e gro e in B io sta tistic o r m o th , w ith ; y e a r s 
• , p reterit e lo e x p e r la ten !#! de s ig n g o d d a ta a n a ly s is 
P r e fe r kn o w led ge et 
Fee troll or ug r e m rn m e 
• U T H E A L T H S C IE N C E C E N T E R 
77EI F lo y d C u rl D r 
— * # u o l opp ortu n ity ym p le ye r 
R N D ire c to r of N u r s e s 
M a tu re m d let M F # 5 ted# 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak Hilts M # d B id e o f# e e l# 
M ed ic ut D e n ta l C m # Sere 

R E G I S T E R E D D IE T IC IA N 
E xce lle n t o p p o rtu n ity tor R e g is tared D ietician to (unction in h o ­ spital setting. In d iv id u a l m o st be skilled in patient diet c o u n se lin g a n d diet m o d ific a t io n s W ill be w orkin g m ain ly a s a thereapeutic d ie ticia n w ith p e rio d ic a d m tm s n atio n resp on sib ilitie s E xce lle n t 
: so la r # w ith p e rio d ic in c r e a s e s 
B e n e fits in c lu d e p a id v a c a tio n . paid sick leave, eau! lite o nd ho- sp ito lit a lio n , p e n sio n a n d p a id hoiid u vs it interested in m in in g a 
I p ro g re ssiv e o rg a n u a tio n . ple ase contact the 
P E R S O N N E L D E P T 
S P O H N H O S P IT A L 
I4J4 IR O s r 
C o rp u s C h risti.T x 784o4 
(512)484 2o41. E x t 124 Or 177 
E q u o l O p p ortu nity E m p lo ye r 

RNs LVNs 11-7• 311 
E X P E R I E N C E D A I D E S 
N o n sm o k e ry p le a se a p p ly I# ta ! 
Hillside M a n o r l i t # G ault La n e 
HE-B4B6 
I 
RNS 

M I C U R S I C U 

N U R S E R Y # P E D S 
D a y sh ifts a n d a s s ig n m e n t s at your choice P ro fe ssio n a l liability - in su ra n c e p ro v id e d by us 

I N S T A N T R A Y ! 

N O F E E S ! ! 
Medical Personnel Pool 
I QT# N M o m 
274 5815 
S o n A n t o n i# H e a lt h S e r v i c e s 
P la c e m e n ts inc , #4 N E lo o p 
41o Suite I J IE , 649 4713 
1 

T R A N S C R I B E R 
E x c sal benefit tor od exp 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ills M e a B ld g se# eel# 
M e d ica l D entol E m p Se rv 
W A R D C L E R K 
E X P needed. 
M F lim n e d opening 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
DOX Hilts M e a B ld g sea eel# 
M erin o! D e n im Im p s-.-i . 

 t u 
- y i f . m n n 

A l m echanic needed to run m ain tenoned d e p o rtm e n t at K e rv ilfe 
F ly in g S e r v ic e F o r m e re inter m atin celt I I i i f i t et I pee to## 
A P e rt tim e se rv ic e station atter) d e n t n e e d e d 
E v e n i n g s 
4 )# 2 
B ro o ch .o r t a r t W heeler T e xaco 

B o g M a c h in e set u t m e c h a n ic 
M u st be e xp e rie n ce d rn P a ir ells ylen e b a # in d u stry 
F a m ilia r it y w ith S h e l d a h l b a g m a c h in e s req u ire d A v a ila b le tor od shifts, exce llen t b enefits E q u a l O p p e r to a d y im p r o v e r 
M F 
E x p r e s s - 
N a yrs B ax |l#T. 78797 
O g e ia ta r with ar without 
C ad 
71741*1 m e t 

UNEMPLOYED? W H Y ? 

PARTIME, Industrial Division, otters daily work for de pi n dobies people with transportation lf you arg bgfwggn folk#, in scha^t, retired, PARTIME can help your income grow. 

Need drivers, painter*, warehouse and main­ te n a n c e worker*, waiter* and waitress#*, security guard*. A U SHIFTS A V A IL A B L E . 

Only those interested in working need apply! 

I 
Th e Q UALITY TE m P O H A SY h E-l P b t a VICE 

C a ll R a y 2 2 4 - 1 7 2 1 
7 2 9 Coat H o u s t o n S tr e e t 

FRONT END TECH. 

 f X P E R IE N C ID O N I r 

(M A IN SH O P ! 

SE E J O E D A L T O N 

IN P E R S O N 

TOM BEN SO N CHEVROLET 
LO O P 4 1 o N O R T H AT S A N P ED R O 

A N I O U X I O P P O R T L / N t r r E M P L O Y E R 

Experienced 
OWNER-OPERATOR with late model tractors needed tor intrastate Texas hauling. 
Twin scre w a n d sleeper cab requited. 
Call 
NATIONAL TRANSPORT 
CORPORATION 
658-1234 

FURNITURE 
DELIVERY MEN 

• Steady (ob 
• Prefer some previous furniture experience 
• Fringe benefits 
• N eat and dependable 
CORT 
F w m ltw rB (fo n ta l 
36o6 tradaridisburg RA 
7 3 6 -4 4 9 1 
A p p ly In Person 
IO a.m. - 3 p.m. 

S E R V IC E T E C H N IC IA N 

R e sid e n tia l a nd C o m m e rc ia l 
R e f r ig e r a t io n s e r v ic e te c h ­ n ic ia n needed. Se n d re su m e to: C o m p t o n 's of K e r r v ille , 
P O Box 
392, 
K e rrv ille , 
T X 
78o28 

S h ip p in g a n d 
R e c e iv i n g 
555o-565o. E x p in ole su p p lie s. 
Now C all J o h n 732-2191 2Sot W est 
A ve 
Job s N orth, Inc, P io ce m t Svc 

Shop Help Wanted 
Will tram 4o hour week, rain or sh ine . S t a r t in g 52 SO p e r h o u r. 
Locoted in Helotes 695 3514 
S M A L L O F F S E T P R I N T I N G 
P R E S S O P E R A T O R , e xp e rie n c e required. E xce lle n t p a y with the best frin g e a n d o p p o rtu n ity for a d v a n c em ent 226 E R h a p so d y 

T E M P O R A R Y F O L D E R & C U T I- 
T E R O P E R A T O R tor p rin t shop im m e d ia te e m p lo y m e n t, e x c e l- 1 lent p ay 226 E R h a p so d y ______ 

W A N T E D 
M A C H I N I S T , toll or p a rtim e 
S o m e tool a n d die e x ­ p e r ie n c e r e q u ir e d 
D e a n Sle e t ' 
M fg 274-8271.______________________ 
W anted 
T ra n s m is sio n rebuitder 
P le a se a p p ly in p e r s o n at 1826 
5.W M ilita ry D r. 924 45o5________ 

Weatherstrippers 
WANTED 
C a rp e n te r e x p e rie n c e re q u ire d 
A p p ly at R u fu s A W a lk e r B Co , 
I IST# 

W IL S O N I N T E R N A T IO N A L 
84 N E L O O P 41o S U IT E 13oE 
____________ 512 149 1411____________ j 
5125 wk O liv e r T ro m ee 5175 wk 
N e e d 8 t o d a y ! J u s t w illin g to ) i le arn Ike K elly 
923-4366 
413 SW M ilita ry I 
Jo b s South P la ce m e n t Se rvic e 
* 
52oo wk M e c h a n ic s 54oo wk 
I need m e c h a n ic s in alt fie ld s. g a s dim e! alec-tune-u ps b ra k e s lr i e n d s' Y o u n am e it* A t- co 
Ike 
K elly 
923-4346 
413 S W M ilita ry 
Jobs, South P la ce m e n t Se rvic e 
616 TOOD DRINK SERVICES 

A ttra c tiv e w a it r e s s e s a p p ly in p erson 5)14 S. P re sa 

SUPERVISOR 

 a Paid Vacation a Medical Plan a Company Car 

Supervisor needed for IO 

 retail gasoline outlets. 

Must be willing to relocate 

 to Houston moving paid. 

Call For Appointment 

223-2631, Ext. 2o 

Jay Nelson 

I 
SIG M O R 

INVEN TO RY 
HELP 
NEEDED 

I D ay O n ly 

Sunday, February 
27th 

Applications are being taken in personnel deportment, 2-4 PM , 
M onday-Friday 
RHODES 
IOO NOtTH Star Mail equal opportunity employei 

B A R M A I D a p p ly 1343 W 
H ild e b ro o d in p e rso n 
_______________ 

B u r t e n d e r - m a n a q e r , C o n v e r s e area, pretor R e tired M ilit a ry C all 
Otter 5pm 45+9443. 

BARTENDER NEEDED 
N o 
E x p e r ie n c e 
N e c e s s a r y 
R A P E 'S P L A C E . C all noon Sam 
736 538o 

BARTENDERS 
WAITRESSES 

A p p ly In P e rso n 
W A L T O N B U G G Y W O R K S 
87S3 W u rib o c h 

M E N — W O M E N 
W e ’ll p a y you 
$ 3 7 4 a m onth to learn 
Lab Procedures. 

We hart exielfent |ob openings 

 light n o* And it you quolify, you ll 

 stort at *374 a month (before deduc­ 

 tions) Join the people who ve joined 

 the Army 
Call A rm y 
O pp ortu nities 
2 2 2 - 8 8 1 2 

6 . I VMI o re , r u n ty ImpUrm 

SHOP FOREMAN 

(7 13 ) 6 3 1 -4 9 5 o 

UNITED TRANSPORT INC. 

Opportunity iMtptoytf 

E x p e r ie n c e d r o lle r o n d lo a d e r 
• o e ro te r w ith k n o w le d g e et a s piton After 6pm, 122 595o 
____ 

E x p e rie n c e d M a k e u p A rtist w ith b a c k g r o u n d in te c ia fs a n d body m a ssa g e s tor new shop E x cotton! w p m (u n d y 6 5 *6 1 *7 

E x p e r ie n c e d s m a ll e n g in e m e 
(hom e Ie w ork on cham so w s o nd town m o w e rs 
A c m e Rent Rite 
«2I #6/6 

E X P E R I E N C E S H E E T V IN 
Y L A N O T IL E I N S T A L L E R S 
A N O H E L P E R S 
M u s t h a y # ow n tools and tran sp o rta tion 
C on trol 
F lo o r 
C o v e rin g 
453 4451 

HAIR STYLIST tor lull s e r v ic e sa lon , e x ce lle n t clientele N eat a p p e a l once, oleo so o t p e r s o n a lit y e sse n tia l Su e c e s s fu l g r o w t h o p p t y s + g o o d s o la r y a n d b enefits Jean Storm 
4V4 7497 or 496 735o_______________ 

H E A V Y E Q U I P M E N T 
M E C H A N IC p r e f e r a b ly w ith e x p e rie n c e on e n g in e s a n d t r a n s m i s s i o n s , p rod u cts a re C ase, G ro d ali. E lg in a nd B ro s C all P o u t 923 4 1 5 )____ 
52 3o hr Fe m a le D r iv e r s 
N e a t s gre at e xecutive s 
F u n lo b ' N eed 
2 John H a m p to n 
973 4344 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs. South P la ce m en t Se rvic e 
52 4o t»ir G o s Isla n d 53 o4 hr l l u p ' AH you h a v e to do is p u m a g a s S h e rry B u rn 
923-4344 
41J SW M ilita ry 
Jobs, South P la ce m e n t Se rvice 
53 o# h r M a c h in ists 55 o# hr 
M a c h in e shop, m ore exp m ore 
551 N eed 41 the K elly 
923 4344 
411 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs, South P la ce m e n t Se rvic e 
J O U R N t Y M A N P l U M B E R S and 
E L E C T R I C I A N S n e e d e d G e e d a re a 
H o u s in g f u r n is h e d 
S e n d re su m e to 
B o x 24o5. M itan, N M 
17o2o 
L ic e n s e d p lu m b e r n e e d e d to r 
- O ' k Mil ut town Cull 249 1o46 
M a n u f a c t u r e r e l soft d rin k d is 
D e n t in g e q u ip m e n t h a s 

B a r t e n d r e t s w a n te d , 2 d a y s. 3 
'n ig h t s , s o l a r y d e p e n d in g on a b i l i t y . 
A p p l y 
C o c k n 
B u ll between i# a m 12 noon 116 N orth i B ro a d w a y 
_____________ 

C O U N T E R H E L P app ly in p e rson 
B IL L M I L L E R B B D 
C la rk and O ffer St 

D o o rm a n N ut C ra c k e r C lub 
7321 San P e d ro 
A p p ly t-3 M o n F n 

(m e w ed , All Around 
COOKS 
T O P W A G E S 
A p ly in p e r s o n o n ly b e t w e e n 
2-4pm to C hef D ra k e 
MENGER HOTEL _ _ 
E x o e n e n c e d B a r le n d r e s t W a i t re s s F u ll tim e n ig h t s G u a r a n teed ra ise s P a id vacations, plea so n t s u r r o u n d in g s E q u o l c o p e r tun n y e m p loye r Cot! V ic h y , Tit tony, 673-5117, 
_____________ 

•MANAGER* 
M A N O R W O M A N 
In d iv id u a l with som e hi od se rv ic e m gn it e xp e rie n c e nee de d tor 24 h o u r b a rb e c u e re s t a u r a n t C o n tact M r K e lly at I i ) o443 14o7 w 
Poplar 

 r 
I i 
I 

FACTORY BIST. 
$6.82 Hr. 

Men and women needed 

 for sales, service, and in­ 

 stallation. Fir# detection 

 field No exp. necessary 

Will train. Interview by 

 appt. only. 

Call Mon. A Tues. 

735-6151, Ext. 9 

AIR TREATMENT 
N o E x p e rie n c e N e c e s sa ry 
T ra in e e s needed to w o rk in the h y d r o filter field C o m p a n y w ill tram Som e p art tim e a v aila b le 
342-5226 

A P A R T M E N T M C R S A N D A S 
S I S T A M T M O M S N E E D E D . E X ­ 
P E R IE N C E P R E F E R R E D 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S 
O F S A N A N T O N IO 
128 4194 
E m p lo y m e n t C o u n se lo rs 
A p t c o m m u n ity se c u rity g u a rd , m ature, refired, with m ilita ry or low enforcem ent expe rie nce 
977 6TOI 

Beaut tottuwme 
5 H p m 

OVERSEAS 
DRILLING 

NKO 

EXPERIENCED 

TOOLPUSHERS 

DRILLERS 

CAU j | 

513 884 8834 j 

I 

N e e d p a r t tim e e m p lo y e e s to work H o rn lp m A p p ly m p erson m e d ia t e o p e n in g tor q u a lif ie d between 9am ond noon only 4567 

 position for 
(•sponsible 

ROUTE MAN 

Permanent motor#, ptrson 
ABC LINEN 
SERVICE 

43o3 W#5t Common# St 

 p e r s o n in p a c k a g in g a n d sh ip p in g A p p ly in p a r s o n M o n d a y - 
T h u rsd a y. 7#2 So n F o rn o n d o 
M E C H A N IC for o a ro g e M u st be e xp e rie n ce d in e n gin e e v e rh a u i 
E n ellen I pay 927 2744 

M E C H A N IC qualified to w a rk en 
C u s h m a n g a s a n d e le ctric ve hi t ie s , la w n m o w e r s a n d g o lf co u rse equipm ent E xce lle n t pay paid va ca tio n s g ro u p insura nce, profit s h o rin g p la n s a nd fa ctory sch ools Contact jo h n Bennett at 
124 >447 e m B ro a d w a y 

N eed rep air m a n with exp in an c o n d 
S a la r y b a se d en you 
S i 
COH L in d y 722 2191 7SBI W ast A v e 
Job s N orth. Inc. P to te m ! S v c 

Colloq hon please 
W A I T R E S S E S A p p ly in p e rso n 
B IL L V 
R S 
N e l f ! 
48o2 
MW 
E x p re ss w a y 

C A B IN E T M A K E R 
E x p e r ie n c e 
All A la u n d M H I W o rk a n d C ab in et W o rk 
N C R T H S f O E B U I L D 
IN G M A T B H I A L S , 34## F ra d a r lek spur g H I 7 ) ) *117___________ 

C A R P E N T E R e x p e rie n c e A p od 
»d e ar a g e d o e r in s ta lle r c a ll 
455 #621 et 455 *#12 atte: Spin or com e by i>5 N W vtd n.i R d 

CH V D e liv e r y 
It yo u k n o w C liv e n d w ont c a re e r tee C o n J o h n t i l 21*1 m i W est A ve m f as**,- ?**., ,f algal iii 
( X U I t s too # 

C A R P E T A N O V I N V L IN 
S T A L L E R M u st h ove 4 ve e rs e x p e r ie n c e 
T o p h o u r ly w a g e s 
S s c u lle r c o m p a n y b e n e f it s 
C o n t e c t 
P o le 
27* 7321 C ro w n Flo o r C ove r m g D I S N orth O live 

Ii# # O n v e r W a reh ou se sl# # « k 
MMfQt W itling to le g r h E g r o w with haft co Fo o t tite r 
92) 4144 
413 SW M illie r v 
JQ»k South Floe om en! Se rvic e 
T C B 1 n IW I 

Exce lle n t o p p o rtu n ity for ex p e n a n c e d full tine m e ch a n ic at in d e p e n d e n t tire a n d c a r core center Se nd info rm atio n a nd re fe re n c e s I t F O 
P o x 
9493 San Antonio. Tx 7(244 

E X P C A R IN E T M A K E R 
M icK ets Cabinets. Inc 
15443 C#PllQ l F u r l 492 l»SS 

LXP CARPENTER 
O A K C R E E K M W S U B D IV IS IO N ira d es owl V a n ce J a c k so n off 41# 
MIKE KINDER HOMES 

6 % 833o 

E x t * 5 E C ll R I T V G U A R D S 
Full a nd B o il lime A t m . Set ui itv 
35/ 672o Of 92) 62oo M oil F n 

•EXP SHIPPING* 

AND RECEIVING iota! (t-fe re n ce s r e q u ir e d 
Pet m ullein 
Benefits 
F r e e pat kin g 
Apply in per son t o t 
TEXAS TRUNK 
1o24 S L o r e d u 
1 6**6 * Holid ay inn O u i u ngo 

 foreimi Car Mechanic 
I W» V * WF* %F#*» et* OR %#*«#• ##pg# 
E vperlence n e c e s sa r y must h ave own topi#. Opp# opportunity tor rapidly exp an d in g re p a ir bust- Pert ti me service station often 
, n e s s 
C a ll for a p p o in tm e n t, dont Apply 7134 San Pedro 52 4« b lR 
PART f ilii 
Robinson s Sports C ars (2# 13*9 on hr 
_ h e r s * 
•nubile h u m * ■ e p a n l u l l utter t o m *24 »*47 

Dei sun IU de la se ult submittal, o n d o u r t h a r m # tor la r g e e sla b 
With 3 S y r s e s p in a n y et The f i s h e d e l e c t r i c a l c a n t l e t ! # ! follow m g c r u s h i n g plant o p e r a 
B a c k g r o u n d in electrical su p p ly li o n a s p h a l t p l a n t o p e r a t i o n desired Opportunity lo gr o w with ready mix concrete plant a p e ru e xp a n d in g turn E q u a l Opp , tun lion Ie gntei su p erv iso r y h o m i n g fc motey ti 
Send work his tory pi agt e m Excellent pay and ben to E x p r e s s N e w s B o x 614* etits 
E d o t a t i o n r e q u i r e m e n t s 
— — 
- 
-------- | college p retei l e d but will con 
Side! high school triad Se nd re 
SU me to E x p i e s s N e w s B o x 5491 

 h u h pi esser nee de d with folio­ i n g g o o d w o r k i n g c o n d i t i o n * 
444 ) » 4 or 4*4 i i i ) ______________ 

Sto lle n A tte n d a n t n eat a p p e a l 
Ollie e xp e r ie n c e hetplot 
A p p ly 
7142 E Seattlet e ss 

R d 
N o p hone colts 

C ou p le o v e r 4o to be o stisT o n ts white training tor opt m a n a g e rs 
S a la ry p lu s a p a rtm e n t A p p ly at office 
3272 N W L O O P 41o, offer 
I# 6# A M , lo T F M 

Attractive e scorts needed 
34#-1115. 344 1125 
B A S E P L A Y E R W A N t 1 5 

WKATABURGER 
Beeline 
226-23o3 

N e e d s p e r m a n e n t fu ll lim e m en and w om en for new A u s ­ tin H w y re sta u ra n t A p p ly in p arson 
S A T U R D A Y O N L Y betw een lo a m 4pm a l 6241 % 
Fto ro s N o p hene cells please 

\mmSttpennteRdeni 
Exp. needed immediately y ilir I I y r s e x p in a n y of Th 

P e r s o n k n e e lin g o il p h a s e s at ? ,c * * * " C m par a hon is le aking for h o u s e w iv e s Ie w o rk p o rt lim e 
T h is is O p e r m a n e n t p o s it io n c o n ta c tin g re ta il g r o c e r y d r u g a nd va riety outlet* G o o d . o lm , 
9 car a llow an ce s Se nd re su m e la hic P en C o rp o ra ) un 9o4 G re e n briar C one R ii h a i d s y T X 75o*8 
Fe m a le ar m ale w anted tu se rvice san g la ss d isp la y s o a r! tim e for a le a d in g d is c o u n t d e p o r t m e n t sto re 
M u s t b e a h e r d w o r k e r tru st w o rth y m d e p e n d a o ie 
W ill h o v e to s e r v ic e I ste re s th ben other w eak 
PLANT MAINTENANCE 
E s t a b lis h e d fle xib le p a c k a g in g A n to n i# o nce e fir m . Of in t e r, Ig m m o t e r b a g G re at p ort tim e work for p e rso n m fp u re r n e e d s e n e xp p ie d u c h a n • + * is lo o kin g to be a ctive ever v m a c h in e ry m e ch a n ic 
E le ctro n ic o *h e r w e e k b e n d r e s u m e Ie e q u ip o n d lathe e x p d e s ir a b le 
K a th y N ic h o la s. 5914 B 
L o s e r * 
I I I * ) r e f e r e n c e s p e r m a n e n t 
L o n e , O M I . 217-A, D e lt a s, T K i e m p u ny b e n e fits s a la r y o p e n ***?£ 
O P P O R T U N IT Y 
CPB barn NM R 
227 H B I 
( E M P L O Y * # 
____ 

Body SDop Help 
P r e fe r So u th Sid e fa m ily m a n 
S h o u ld ba a b le to s p e a k so m e 
E n g lish C om e Ie 6*o) So F lo re * 

CLUB MANAGER 337 5748 

 c o u p le s I # ( e a r n a n d e a r n in- dependent b u sin e ss m anagem e n t 
Second incom e SIO.VU# to ST#.#oo yearly ( A M to I7 N O O N P e rso n a l interview s A sk tor J O 494 549# 

W t T O F R V T f O P i E w a n t e d 
F O R L a v e rn e s F lo w e rs A p p ly in person 6##i W est A ve nu e _________ 

•DRIVE CARS® 
A O . lf up) G ood d riv in g record! 
G lo ria 124 #17/ Jab P la ce m e n t* 
E m p loym en t Set t il * bag p .d > u j n r i K A f a i — 
— 
N e e d e d b y ta rg e b u ild in g con 
U rg e iron c o m p a n y 
M in im u m 5 
I y e a r s e x p e r ie n c e r e q u ir e d in ia m a # !lh vv b idding genet pl con sir mc hon moi k 
..na resum e Ie r 
° • • » « * * . ' . m o t e l s 

I I m plore! 
« • » • * « • * 

IHI txe v iss SM vs s 
‘ A u i i * I gee 

I 
I 

Logistics Support 
Specialists 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 6 I 9 7 7 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
4 
QUICK XtSUlTS! 

NON COMMERCIALS 

' 
I ' C A N C E i i A a t ? 

W I T H O U T 

R A T * C H A N G S 

 r n u n 
£ s 

I # 
DAYS 

AUTOMOTIVE 
Exp Woman will car* tor sick or elderly No live in. Rat 532-4o79 
Gentlem an seeking position at hunting or exotic ranch 
Have experience operating hunting guide service, PR and outdoor writing Have M aster’s degree. 
Will relocate. Write Richardson, 
4o26 Glenrose, Garland, Tx. 75o42 

2R E L f f l i l f f i S P m « | B mm r o m * s p w t o w 7o2 726 ram ies spnm sc»BS h i m * m b ts c m s 
CLERKS 
CASHIERS 
FULL TIME 
PART TIME 

4o Hours at $2.59/Hr. 
2o-3o hours at $2.3o/hr. 

11 PW-7 AM 
6 PM-12 PM 

Advancement opportunities, work in one o f our 6 6 locations. Apply: 

STOP ’N GO MARKETS 
2o4 E. RHAPSODY 

No Experience Necessary 

A n E q u a l O p p o r tu n ity E m p lo y e r 

Governesx-Housesitter - a ttra c ­ tive lady teacher, cert. Elem Ed- 
Soec Ed wants toll time summer job with C hristian fam ily 
Will exchange refs. S A K PO Box 192 
Jourdanton, Tx 78o26 
Housekeeper desires live-in job 5 days 226-2138___________________ 
Make the most of your military experience 

Housekeeping w eekdays, have own transportation 6S3-383o 
Lady wants days work. No car 
224-8SSI ofter 5 pm______________ 
STATION WAGON 
Licensed child care in my home 
Mond-Frid, 
Highland 
Hills 
533 894o________________________ 
Licensed child care northside, weekdays or nights. 494-39o4 
Major Middle East program. 

FORTUNE IOO company 

M ajor company seeks interested and quali­ fied individuals for employment in Saudi 
Arabia for program expansion. Applicants must have current experience in wheel and track vehicular maintenance programs; 
Organization thru Depot; Logistics manage­ ment experience at Direct Support through 
Central Inventory Control Also, Personnel an d /o r Financial Management experience. 

■ D e p o t/R eb u ild S u p erv iso r - 4 years experience at a U S. Government depot. Requires knowledge of U.S. Army m aterials design and 
(unction. 

■ Lo g is tics P lan n in g O ffic e r - Thorough knowledge of U.S. Army wholesale and retail supply operations. Must have minimum of IO years recent supply and transportation planning experience at form er grade of m ajor/G S 12 o r' higher. Must have served in NICP. depot or logistical command w ithin last 3 years, 

■ In s tru c to r - Recovery and Evacuation 
3 years experience in vehicle recovery operation' In U S. m ilitary desired. School Instructor experience is also desirable. 

■ In s tru c to r - Autom otive Maintenance - 3 ye.c experience as automotive instructor rn a m ilitary school is desired. Must know principles of auto motive design, lesson plan preparation and m ethods of presentation 

• In s tru c to r — Allied Trades - 2 -b ye irs pracU al arid instructional experience desired in operation of lathes, m illing machines, grinders and shapers; experience in auto body and radiator repair and various types of welding required. 

» T e c h n ic a l In stru cto r - Supply/Maintenance — 
3 years experience teaching U S. Army supply or maintenance courses in a U.S. m ilitary school. 

■ In stru cto rs - Supply 
Know ASL level cl supply receipt, issue and storage handling preparation of lesson plans and methods of presentation. 

■ C a ta lo g D ata S p e c ia lis t - 2 ye irs ejtperie- ce using technical catalogs relating to m ilitary and com m ercial vehicles. Should know com puterized cataloging system 

■ A u to m o tiv e R ep a ir S p e c ia lis t - 4 years experience in general support or depot-level maintenance, including U S. m ilitary experience with vehicles and components, shop procedures and tool and vehicle records management. 

■ V e h ic le C o m p o n en t R ep airm en - Know­ ledgeable in repair and rebuilding of autom otive assemblies and com ponents such as axles, engines transfers, fuel pumps, generators, and carburetors. 

■ S u p p ly P ro ced u res O fficers - Experience at major U S. Government NICP or Theater Army 
IC P/Support Command. Must know logistics doctrine, be able to conduct studies and prepare plans. Must have capability to write and make oral presentations. 

Our Volvo w agon overcome v-«~- , 

For example, its.no 
/ j 

 ma* sol la n So him 
S t j 11 ne 
WM lei i 
—* 

 p a t k in e l< >t ts p . > 
?’"! 
I'LM leal *11 *i i i Ii Mil 

 got your car to gpm y 

And loading is ii pleasure. 

N"i a traum a 
^ 
- - 
<ji 
I lie UMI do. .I . >1 H-mag 

V ' i’T uta. some objects are high as well ax wide. Norrie, ft' 
............. v inside in 77 cu. It. of usable load space. Instead rtf sitting outside oft the roof 
Bring in sour wagon and go home in ours. We’ll sell or lease you a Mil vow; and. either way. de-gruntle \ou. 

I he car for people who think 

W IT H E A C H N U R S E 
W E S E N O A F R IE N D 
Our home health aides, R N . and 
LVNs are second to none in train ing and experience. Just os im ­ portant is the attitude of each 
MRP nurse. WE are o national nursinfl service, Insured, fully bonded and ready to help 
Medical Personnel Pool 
1o19 N. Main 
224 5885 

F .eld re p re s e n ta tiv e 
S a la ry open + cor allow ance R e tire d military considered. Call Mr. Wil­ lis 225 7211. 
FLIG H T INSTRUCTOR Wanted 
Westside Air Pork, 433-7751 
Gas and Eat tru ck Stop Cashier, relief shift (dov and evening) 
Permanent (ob, 5 day week, m a­ ture Local Tolerances sfart S416 a month All applications to 
A J 
Ploch Od Co., Ire 
5747 Dietrich 
Rd. No phone rolls pie ase_______ 

People with Pleasant Telephone voice to assist with a special 4 week Sales Promotion 
Day or evening shift. We will train S3 OO per hr. guaranteed salary plus bonus Apply to D U TTO N A D ­ 
VERTISING AGENCY, at the Al 
Pert Pick Motel, 96 NE l oop 41o on Tuesday Feb 8 Only. 
____ 

TIRE SALES 
Someone with past sales expcir lence in the retail selling of tires, must also be able to change tires 
681153o 
’59 Austin H e d le y , (B u g e y e ) 
Sprite Rebuilt eng., $2 OOO or best 
Ofter 824-692o. 
* 4 SPEED 

★ SEVERAL LEET 
Steady Employment, *2 un hour start, 533-8881_______________ 
M O U S eW IV L S 
Work in your own neighborhood, full or part lune 658 262* 
_________________ 
»2.5o H i. Inventoi y and Stock 
Clerk NE ai en to Will train Call 
Andrea 732-7191 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs North, Inc, Placemt Svc 
IM M ED IA TE employment tor ex perienced assistant manager tor apt. complex, 337-5248 

64 Buick LeSobre Convertible. 
Red 
Auto. a ir . Runs good 
Original condition S75o-’62 Lincoln 
4-dooi Sedan. All power, air. New valve lob Runs good! S5oo See al Vnlley-Hi Texaco 5245 South west Loop 45o. Private owner. 
673-5578 

Local* 43 OO an hour! Ocvertime! call JoAnn 732 9781 ion Pedro 
E inployment Ser, 1616 San Pedro 

5 day wk* cornin lief Hilt- today! 
Gloria 824-o227 Job Placements 
Employment Ser. 5316 San Pedro 
'57 CADILLAC, 4 door, Easy Res toration. 457 655 4831 
• WHIU SUPPLY LASTS • 

Sale Hours.' 8 a m. to 9 p.m. 
Mon -Fri, 
8 a.m. to J p rn So tut Hoy 

1951 Chevy Sedan Delivery Air, 
327, tu rb o 4oo tra n s . 521oo 
655 3275 arter 5. 
We need managers, interviewers, supervisors, receptionist tele phone operators, and dance in­ structors. Full and part time No experience necessary Apply iii person lpm-IOpm. Fred Astaire 
Dance Studio 3947 Fredericks- burg Rd 736 ISH'._______________ 

49 Chevy J. ton pick up. rebuilt m echanically, very good body. 
575o 528 1o71___________________ 
'54 Chevy i ion pickup No eng. or tra n s. 
F a ir cond 
$7oo. 
494 5/1o; 655-7143_______________ 
Classic 1919 Plymouth S3,ofC mi., good cond. 733-8o28 
_______ 

EARNINGS UP TO s52o 
Due to expansion we have many positions ava ila b le . No exper. ience necessary Musi be 18 yr or over w ith I yr m in im u m r e ­ sidence in San Antonio area. 
CALL FOR IN TE R VIEW 

THE SMALL CAR 
W ORIDOF 
TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 

64 COR VA IR Convertible New rear w indow, new fire s , runs grout! 46oo. 925-4124, Pethcl. 
Immediate opening for assistant manager trainee in a growing tool and equipment rental compony 
Salary plus benefits pius advan­ cem ent Rent Rite, 2614 Moss- lock, 341-6224_________ 

47 Dodge Pickup 
See at M ile market 538, IH IO N, I 249 8)42 
E x p e rie n c e d 
‘SA Ford F'Ck-Up, runs good, 5495 
534-9713 aft 5___________________ 
I E T S START AN O LD CAR 
CLUB to r fa m ily outings and tours All makes and maraues. 
Bud 684 4425.___________________ 
1927 Modet-T complete running 
Chassis, 53oo 661 3673 

In need of a b ab ysitter in my home Southside area 924 3997. 
JANITOR i i 2o per "week, no tolls must come in. Not thcide Janitor tot 6o11 Rlfttmon piano__________ 
7o,ooo JOBS - 2oo CHOICrS 
Quality now, earn and learn 
GO ARMY 222-8812 or 653 o892 
K idney 
Fo u n d atio n needs dedicated, hard working persons 
•or volunteer reertntement Must have pleasant telephone voice, outgoing personality with ability to communicate Salary common surale wth ability Coll 736-4815 or 
732-5129 otter IRM 

Steady work in children’s center. 
Must be ex­ perienced and have ex­ cellent local references. 
8 :3 o A M. to 4 :3 o P.M ., 
Monday-Friday. 
$ 3 7 5 monthly. Paid vocations. 

 rn Scout Dealer 
AUTHO RIZED DEALER FOR PARTS, SALES, SERVICE 
132 BALCONES NORTH 
7 3 2 -i 

'71 M anta 616 I’ iston en* i i i•■! overhauled tlOvS 
71 M ania 1/uO 
Sedan Piston non 
4995 /1 Mn; do RX-2, rotary, eng in te n tly overh auled 
41795 
'72 M u rd o 
NX 2, i o tin y . m u w a rra n ty , 
41593 *53 IS8H 
~S RX4 
~ 
"" "" 
" itviS 
4 dom. 
4 speed, radio air conditioned 
I OM lit NSON IMPORTS 
V6o8 SAN IM DRQ 
141 IJS* 

 b l Mustang Convertible. Power, air, VB., auto , alec top. new tires. 
41995 673-o742 
<56 > L VM O U TH S A T E L L IT E , 
E x c e lle n t cond., auto, power braxes-steering, air, 
4)ooo 
635 7929 _______________________ 
Restorable 59 Edsel plus Edsel parts. 1-249-2175 Make utter 

A p p ly : 
SAN ANTONIO 
CHILDREN S CENTER 

3 9 3 9 W . W o o d la w n 

64 T BIRD 
CALL: 658 97oo 
1955 T BIR D 455oo CALL SAN 
MARCOS I 392 8o45 
/IS M IM S BIN/ 

MF 4 c l D I $ Bf N I / T T d T T T 
P o w e r* 435oo I 753 47)8_____ _____ 
63 M ert ado* StiihT 12o SF. 4 door, runs good need* body work and point 465o 7 16 1639 
• ti Mc S c e n ts i i i s i l h »« owner 
Excellent condition Low mileage 
494 6548 otter 
6 and w e e k e n d s ____________________ 
Mer redes 7 7 )|oSE 
4 4, landed, mint (and Must sell, make otter. 
276 37o5 
___ timTr7¥Ms. 27o s 
Mi stumble i lassie, 41ooo 149 7674 

M i-i*.it>N C li Y IM P O S T S 
M I Hi I DES Bl NZ sales Service 
187o SAN C t DMO 
734 2/4 1 

Do something you like to do 
Talk On The Phone it you are mature, self confident and w illin g to tallo w sim p le instructions, we have an unusual opportunity for you Call Gary or 
Cheryl 34V 4847 
3 LADIES N E E D E D , 3 hours doe ly, 5 day week $75. Stcfnley Home 
Products Inc , 533-36oo 

*o f-H ird , original. 53,ooo. '64 
T-Bird, Excellent 419oo. 432 5213, 
341-85oo. 
'59 TR 3, Extra motor ond paris, 
4154o 684 8744. 
SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE 

OFFERING THE 7 6 AMERICAN MOTORS and 
PACERS At REDUCED PRICES TOO GOOD TO 
ADVERTISE 

SEE: DON HAM FLEET MANAGER 
BUDGET RENT A CAR 
P U I T 8 A U I 
338 N .I. LOOP 41o SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
349-4441 

We ors looking lot first doss help and otter an excellent opportunity lot qualified people Require mon ond wile team lot domestic setv jct, without dependent children, age 3o-49, to work for family of two in the mountains west al 
Leakey 
Duties include cooking, serving meols, cleaning house ond occasionally cohog lo* pets. 
$8oooo per month. $'/? days per week Paid rotation Cor, home, utilities provided 
In replying, please submit meviou/ experience, teferentes one photo which will be returned to: kb R. f. Berry, PO. 
Box 333), Houston. IX 77oo1 

4 
W H E E L 
D R IV E 
Dodge 
Command Cor, 1947, runs great, I ton rating, 42,ooo 826 o377_______ 
7o2 726 FORtlEN SPORTSCABS 

I EASE YOURS AT . 
PARK TFN VOLVO-IH SCOUT 
132 BALCONES NO 732-2143 

Local Home B uilder needs yard and maintenance man for model home park 4 moor week gout meed Company benefits Near Universal City 
658 7461 

ROD EAST VW 
14o7 N E LOOP 41o 
828 12o1 

*8 28oS, 4 i yi low m ileage en pine Auto OII 44495, 824 3391 
M ANAGERS needed 6-1o hr$ a week, 4317o-54 oo month At least 24 yrs old, m arried No telephone interview*. For appt, coll 673-474o 

AUDI ’7), auto air, 4-door, Price below book Wholesale, tor quick sole' 344 o843___________________ 
1*73 Aud! Fox, a ir , stereo , 4 speed, aft 6pm 824 42U6 
1974 Audi Fox 
A ir, i ii die, new tires. Excellent condition. Call days; 349-2521 
1975 AUDI FOX, Air, Stereo, flew 
R a d ia ls , B ra k e s and M a te r 
Tune Up 
4325o. 
I 468 3536 
Or 
888-8887. 
74 A U D I FOX 
2 dr , 4 speed 
Sunroof, a ir. AM T M 
Yellow 
5799$ 8Po-o2I9 
73 A U D I IOd-LS 
A ir, sunroof, 
A M T M Stereo. 824 1776, 828 o738 
• ii A u d i lo o ti Auto.! air, 4-door. 
Clean 446*5 674 o275 9-5 week- dovs. 684-681,1. a tt 4pm Winds 
74 AUbl IOU LS 4 door. S 3 » i 
♦23 7747 
•74 Audi IOO LS 4 d r , sunroof, auto . air, Mict-.eltn radials. AM 
FM Clean1 $3925 I 772-35o9 arter 
5 3o all day weekends__________ 
■72 AUDI IDOLS, Factory air, auto. 
New tires, Fm rodio. I xeeilent 
Cond 
826 34oo or >26 o653 
____ 

Interested former U.S. G o v t/M ilito ry personnel should submit a current detailed resume showing experience ond knowledge of U.S. M ilitary supply ond maintenance systems. W rite to: BOX 4 5 6 9 , 
Express News, 7 8 2 9 7 

BY O W N ! u 
T i M OB im 
: m aculate! 444VS George Hays 
I IVV IPV6, 724 2876 si M d A Munds lur, low miles, orig 
Beauty ' U C 4 1 *93 b l* 3661 
74 MOB donv'eriiblr- 
Towner 
18 OOO H ile s t i l *344. b i b OJO) 
T T m G 6 T i, 4 spd , ovei drive 
14,ooo n u 643 7372 o i l e r ft 
_ _ 
IO MG m T d S T T i adm i In * * , w in - w h e e ls , g o o d to a d , 617oo a tt 
I 3o 34* 7*73____________________ 

M anufacturer of soft drink dis­ pensing e q u ip m e n t has im m i-diatc opening for q u a lified person in Bool inspection area 
Apply In person. Monday through 
Thursday, 7o2 Son Fernando 

 r 
WORKING COUPLE ~ 

FOR EXECUTIVE 

CONFERENCE CENTER 
Executive conference tenter located neor Ref nolle Texas re­ quires woman to prepare at­ tractive ond balanced meals for guests ond man to care for ond maintain grounds Located on I? acres with pool, tennis, stables, etc. Three guts! houses, plus large mom house 
Excellent salary ond benefits, plus housing Pl erne contort WILLIS i 
MONIEk 
(512) 828 8486, Ext b tl 

SO MPG 
$2 , 9 9 9 * 

M A R K E T RESEARCH 
Need person capable of being trained to check store stock Must have own transportation. Paid hourly plus expenses An Euuol 
Opportunity Em ployer. Send re­ plies to 
S A WEBB 
P C Bo* 6613 
_______ Chicago, IL eo68o________ 

This company is an equal opportunity employer, m /f 

I t i I O PT I 
I 96o 
3 d e e i se d a n , m odel 31 4*o(1 144 * S Q v __________ 
IO Opel, ssoo 
Good condition b i i n n 
_____ 
' n Sip*I G I 
Needs body' two f ir o ffrt AIS p m 
T 9 7 T 5 F e I~ S t" power, an and b ra k es S I*S8 bb* U U a llo t * 
I I Ol’l I. IT r 
Real mc*! *75*1 
333 8157 
'n OPEL c T $ j**S 
4 SPI ED 
RADIO 
(OM Bt NSON IMPON 15 
VftOQ SAN P E D RO______ ISI 1346 b i U P I I 
R u n t good 
Buc'fiot seals, 4 on Went 435o 827 *139 
7 3 OPEL Sport Wueiuit "Air, am tm I e 'QI) 313 >147 
W i t ” "to Wagon f/*5 
' __________ 4*6 3675_________ __ 

THE ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 

Is N ow Accepting Applications 

For The Following Areas: 

• SECRETARY* 
FOR THE M A N A G IN G DIRECTOR’S OFFICE 
Type 6 o -7 o wpm. Shorthand required. 

• PLASTERERS • 
Must Have Experience 

Age 71 up* HS groee* *4oo+ a mo* 
Call Bdl 732-9781 San Pedro 
Emoioymenl Ser. )6 i< Son Pedro 

Train*-, ana experienced Per mon*-n! 43 per boor 
Pork Motel 
824-4*21 
HoUSEKEEPER- 
COOK 

DEPENDABLE 
COOK 
ANO HOUSEKEEPER for elderly family of 2 Must have good local refer* onces ond own transport­ ation. Vary good povtion for a qualified person 
822 1632 

• ftio tEL MANADJ R o 
Retired topple* Smell motel, New 
Braunfels. Honest, sober, and dependable Salary and quarters 
I 625 9v5V Ct 223 o*o6____________ 
NATIONAL CORP expanding iii 
4A rn na seeking pe rsonnel for full ar part time positions rn market mg and odyeitismg To set mrer- view, coll 673-278o 6-8pm only 

72 B .vw a u / A m a t i c , A i# 
SUNH OO F CALL 
I It Ulva_____ 
*3 BMW! /OO/, in Super cond 
34 ) 32 53 6*5 9334 

• PAYMASTER • 

W ith e x p e rie n c e in p a y ro ll 

T fo M-T Trre^ .r 
.’ - MT.’i i i 1 7t „t in * n i i o o f eta 
824->|H 
*5 Porte he )56 < i f l t d i t z t : un 
«78 6484 ext 
3* 14. arter * 
143 l l IO 
T T T S mT T hT 
*T« 
I o'o'eteX 
L xeeilent S68oU 
824 J457 Belor* 
WI rn_____ 

7<, < o p e i i i O h io 
V t 
/iO O c c , 
4-spd , un, AM -FM 8 lio tk Suet root 
775 7o*1! 
**6-24*7 ulier * a in______________ 
_______ 
'7# C A h«l ll V*, 4 spd , air cend i power steve mg, AM FM cassette 
Like new $4o9o Days 
72o 2531. artel 5 494 3y92 
'74 CAPRI I OU cl od 52293 Atte'''ST 
VVS 5439 Coll *9o i 123_________ 
~ m CAPH 1 .1 / ooo miles Ix c e i lent condition. 34* 31oo 
■Ti Capri Needs engine work 
4295 Aguila! 
337 *267 or *77-2*68 
77 C A F ill, n r * pud ani) lodials 
341-25o* 
K r APRI. std 
4 r.yt i l l / I ' 
* 3 7 *4 ’ ________________ ____________________ 
74 C A I RI 
V i!’ 28oo< C eng 
4 speed an, AM -FM stereo tope 
475*3 
878 77 3o arter 
6 3o 
122 911* 

NEED A N W JOB??? 
SI AR I '.NO Al 
S168 PER WEEK 
C Y C C 
H O N D A 
Cappie needed in Hill country, man to care tor yard and do gen erat maintenance, woman to do cauking and housekeeping tor mon and wile oooa salary, 3 be dr ut rn 2 both boast provided, must hove own transom lu*ion. and supply r florences Apply P O 
Box *4 cornbell. IX 7*o13_______ 
Elderly lady warns mature five In housekeeper 736-34o*___________ 

 if a u a iiile d strong in c e n tiv e program Excellent working con 
Oilton*. No experience necessary 
• CLERK TYPIST • 

Type 4 5 wpm. 
All Applicants Must Have Experience 
In The Area O f Interest. 
Applicants Must Apply In Person 
Between 8 and 5 

Hondo is th* cor and Mission is th* plots lf you want a fm«, 

 comfortable economy tor, Honda is for you And the b«ft price ond service is of Mission Drive out soon 
•PIUS $2oo FREIGHT 
SAH ANTONIO’S LARGEST VW -HONDA DEALER 
M IS S IO N 

HONDA/VOLKSW AGEN 

13oCS.W, Mattery Dr. 
924-6516 

Call 653 7451 

I god*-d txcvpbunai' Best alter ever 4)78o bib o1*1 or I Ii* 715/ 
T t W g f t w t f : I i t i Fa m o. ■ C T 
*d COH 6** 8267 
_______ 
J hours, 4 days, or 4 eves per week for 8 shaws Show Beelinu 
I (elusive Line et Fashions Make piotii un every show plus 13o8 vamp!* ward: ob* al rn cosi Car necessary. 
2 i+ 
Call tor appt 
■ 24 3282 
________________ 
ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 
3 o o E . T ra v is 
In The Employment Center 

 m m m m m m m m m tm i mum mumm ............■■■■■ in i i mm 

LIV*- rn 4’ . day wee! 
Nice pnvoiu room, baft 
Excellent salary and b e e n t* Family with J children 
References. 342 6 iS2 et write PO 
Box 32785 Son Anionic 782)6 
ABUSE K l FFF R Austin Live in, 
Spanish s e e th in g p re te i red 
Good salary 
Experien ce with children, cooking necessary Lab 
Roberto b a rn tte n * c e lle d pp week m d* and eves ut I 477 2478 

 r r r ' b A r u ! 
* tot, o c to p i m ile s *»3Qo t i * 76o4 
7 4 SA AIT* svc'TT a ir.’ Am I m t ladKiis I- . I eheni Cond low lier, bib 4*22 •*» 273 8 vex wends 
74 SAAB lOftNC I Sports ( iii! 
I7,eo8mil..*. Arn 7 rn Stereo. Like 
N e * Most Sell* I *48 Otis________ 

42 5o an nr; > day w k1 Need 2 now tot! JoAnn 732 9?gi San R-aro 
E mployment Se. IQI* Son Fedro 
PART r iM t I- ASHlFfcs 42 lo an hr oam-l2pm, 2o 3u hrs a week 
No exp necessary MIR age ut 
Apply in person. * 3 Mon E n stop 
N 
Go 
Markets 
284 fc 
MhuPSOdy 
-----------------F a I T T T m I ----------------- fa r o $4 per h au l. 4 hours par night Due lo unreason work load we or. now adding a few man who are ut need at oxtra in coma Coll 
M r Tonier 
Monday 1oAM SPM only 34* 8v2l 
^ A g f T i W w g i T s t a T M r r ^ 
March tar howsewiva* with Iran spartation. thai ilk* pean.- and plants C jill 34 4 3832 or 34* S87V 

7o8 CORVETTE 

T 
O 
I v W f !TuM B andTTaaT titgl T Tap 
M o s t Sail have Com­ pony Cor 
S7J48 or Best artar I 
226-2387 

‘F Y L O R V l T T t C u s to m , c a m p le rely re b o itt p a lm e d 684-78o3 
H C O R V I TTE, loaded ^ iT w T T 
I tam* *74 231) 
TS ib R V l'T T E 
M S m ile s tex i etlent rand 
14* USS r Ob VI T TE 
7S, lad, T -Top, 
4 speed ta lly equ ipp ed, 
I'i liger'Hie* 
6*8-88o1 art 
6pm 
*96 7*39 cBlWTTiT and' VBfft 
P A R T S 
Anything tma-nnpbie 
F it* erom ore IOO PU col 12 9$ 
T Mu hoeh* Corvette Supplies 
Rf I Nap 
OH *3444 
I GLL I MLI: I PPG > i i i jose___ 
19*5 COM VS I T F , 4 speed con yortihie with 2 tops, i.*w b t ake 
*¥.t»m- origin en miei im with new carpets, fcT mag* with wide tires. 
AM FM radio aowar steering good point, wide tires, $3,5o9 
' fd 2 ) 423 7487 
I'il" lY/'f Corvettes'' i with no miles, I with approx 2 o88 m u** 
Both >,xi ellen! wglt Gerughty 
225 5323, *84 3488 
7 * CORVETTE 
White with red interior, aula power window* moo mites 
7 mo* ald 
48258 
927 7213_____________ 

NOU- eka ep er w anted, e x p e r- lone od wi mon tar pi r marten! lob, gm eiai bopsawork, 5 days, must be CM.pandobic , hove leterences, on d transportation 344 2855 
LADY live in room board smon salary 5*3 9 7 6 1 ________ _____ 
L 'iV rM ', care ut cfiildran Fr-rfer person with car 
Atter 
$ pm 
633 21M 
______________ 
L .ve in housekeeper-Companion tor i-lderly wpftlun E venings and weekends ort Private room wim 
TV Must have ti or, spot lotion ond refer8PCOS *42 SJV 

 as X m 7> m y or.-, 
A ira n From Airport 876 o713 
5)4 N t LOOP ti# 
TTT?ell’ u 4V,|oe mi air. L tp J good cond 41*oo 824 8481 
__ 
DREYER 
TOYOTA _ 

74 C 'nM o iLA im , arn tm ca* sen. l l VOO im 42188 344 67*7 
IF i*5u CAN IU V A I # t t IA 
BOIL I SM Al I CAM IMAN Al 
DP H I H to VQT A 
BUY IT 
YI i i i t^A. t l i M twilo*'.' Am 8 in 
Catel!* on. pawer blake*. 421o8 aft Torn *$» 222* 
/* Tg yo Ta i El7?A '6 T I IP Y 
HACK 
Megoinr pas *, sod . an , 
! stared, ladra, tow miles in wet ronly 54775 434 bbvi utter 4 Hi i t Toyota Cor allo wggow, a* co* lent condition, auto mr, new tiros, 
IU WUU.. I g< * . *'38 J/11 iii Toyota Corona > *8 8 agio new ti I e s Colt >53 2813 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
T i lo .ftlo t o11.11o 4 door "TTpTT bai ti 
N u die 
E x c e lle n t 
C oit 
*3 3 44*8 16 A M ta IU P M 
. 75 Toyota Ll pickup ?i»m p*i, air. 4 spa excellent cond Most sell* 4/*>e Days 
6*1 4*1o eves, we ends *9 * o J I O 
__ 
72 toyota Mukx payments. o1 bestower Tpk* Ii ade 
*44* 
- 'lo r o T A ^ X A r A N T O N T S - - 
1/s i 4 a m i l i t a r y d r iv e 
*24 *451 
I ■naxmptaiw. ~y- 
■■■ iiomtwmmmpmmmmtHW 
3Tt oW t a T i l Tc a T1y T baby Loaded, taw m neaae, R i ieilent C At l att a m "> 'STJ___ 

 w 
‘ 3 , 6 2 4 

DELIVERED 
VOLKSWAGENS 

24 mid depended,'- no telephone m tervi-w s Cull Mi 
Oahlstrom sot appl J** ■ . . I 
PHO 1~o'5hA F H I Ii) 
WF TRA N YOU 
Stat t ai 42S8 weekly 45ua weekly 
SOO# Whether you lur eddy h ew d 
Studio or not intr. edtote tu t1 ess 
Full bm# or part time, we show yea evei ything and give v«u an our program holder sittings 
It you desire ta De a successful p io fessio n o l p o rtra it photo groaner ut your home town coit 
Mr 5ainas(*lS)2So-o7*4 or write 
U n ited R h o iu g rg h trs Asooc 
,t* O Bai 
232*6, 
Nashville l it 
1728/ 
_______ 

You lf find a good unction of oil mok*s and models of 
Voikswogtfrt, subt*c1 to vupfMy, of the bwtsf pi net rn town On a now a t used VR, too us fust And itfnemboi, oil no* Volkswagens are fuel infected ond gtv* great gasoline mileage on regular gas. 
YOU: 

Nwwd $ 3 o o to $ 5 o o p « r m onth? 

H a v e 2 -3 hours wa ch m orning and afternoon? 

Hove* rwliablw tra n *p o rta tio n ? 

 lf you OTO lebrod. a student or housaw ifa, we h o e r m otor rcjutos m a d g b h « tho Southeast arew* o f b u a t C ounty 

Hwy. STE 
BOND DEPOSIT REQUIRED! 

Colt N atl SfuHingk, 2 2 5 74 I I , F U . I 3 o bwtwawn 9 :o o o rn 
I I .OO a m M»mi thru Tri. 

A il E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW -HONDA DIALER 
MISSION 

WM' MR Mxeqgptmqpoigp q» ll [ovoid Siatioo Mayefl lUIH. mUH% 
I * All IM I 
VOLKSW AGEN/HONDA 
13oo $.1. Military Or 
924 

— 
■ —JLI'.J 
711 • EHI 
___________ 712 JAGUAR n in x ix x x iT x iiT 
IQ M i t h l U N I M P D * I 5 
'*o6 SAN ME ORO 
341 

I ty o tl L U M N U W lu x * a,#■ e a rme<«Is ne eau 

 a£eia*£ee‘ 
' * m manpH 
L i'w rw itrp w r 

Poge 2o-D 

7o2 726 FORtlGH SPCRTSCARS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
ITI ■ TOYOTA 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S— Sunday February 6 I 977 

722 TOYUIA 
722 TOYOTA 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AoT3MoBHIS 
738-743 AUTBMOBIIES 
73fl 748 MITDMOBIltS 

INVENTORY 
REDUCTION 

All cars priced below National 
Average Book. 

7 2 MERCEDES co, Mercedes luxury. 
'6975 

•71 MERCEDES 
, 

 cylindei 

I X ) 

5975 

'72 MERCEDES aer economy, Mg S C Y O C cor r id e ............................................ 
J I t J 

Also some other fine trade-ins: 

76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville ... *835o 

76 CAMARO Coupe, 2-door, V S *445o 

74 VOLVO 164 4-door, 6-cyl. *4975 
MISSION CITY 
IMPORTS. INC. 

3 8 2 o SAN PEDRO 
. 

■J 
736-2243 
A 

SAVE! Now ’77 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 

OPEN TODAY 
SUNDAY 
IO a.m . to 5 p.m . 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

F a c to ry In sta lled 
Options: 

A M R a d io . SS O 

A M - F M R a d io , S 7 7 . 

A ir C o n d itio n e r, 

$ 3 6 3 

P in S trip in g , $ 2 8 . 

Nobody con ogeel •m oll to son prltoil 
’ ' r~\ d 
UNLIMITED 
SELECTION 
All Models and Colors 
HIGHEST TRADE 
ALLOWANCE 
— 24 h o u r d e liv e r y 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Open Eves: t il 9 p.m. 
D ia l To ll F re o l 
2 2 4 - 4 1 8 3 
I 7 Mi. from San Antonie. 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

SALE 

• >BSV* 

REDUCED 
OVER $1,ooo 

I* USED CARS * 

SPECIAL: 1 9 7 5 V W R A B B I T ....* 2 9 8 6 " 

’ 7 6 V W B U S 7-pastengor, air, AM EM radio, still in worronty....................................$ 5 3 9 5 
' 7 6 R A B B IT ovtomolic, oir, like new, 1o,ooo milos $ 3 9 8 8 
’ 7 6 V W Convertible, like new.....................................$ 4 1 9 5 
'7 5 R A B B IT 2-door, ye llo w .......................................$ 2 8 6 2 
*75 R A B B IT 25,ooo miles, oir, AM EM.......................$ 3 1 8 8 
’7 5 V W D A S H ER limited Edition", silver, oir, radio............................................ $ 3 5 9 5 
’ 7 4 V W V A N 36,ooo milos..................................... $ 3 8 9 5 
’7 4 S U P E R B E F IL E .....................................................$ 2 1 7 6 
'7 4 B M W 2 o o 2 air, AM EM stereo ...................... $ 6 o 4 4 
'7 3 V W S U P E R Blue. 36,ooo miles, oir. M M M . $21 95 
•73 S U B A R U dean .................................................... $ 1 7 8 8 
'7 3 V W B U S 9 possonoor. oir. ra d io ..................... $ 3 2 8 8 
’71 V W V A N 9 passenger......................................$ 1 8 8 8 
’7 o A U D I 4-door sedan .............................................$1 8 7 o 
•69 T O Y O T A Automatic........................................... $ 9 9 5 
'6 8 V W B U G Automatic........................................... $ 8 9 5 
It y o u d o n ’t s e e us 

«*■ ^ mteemer b e fo r e y o u b u y ... 

"2 " 
I o u C o u ld P a y Too M u ch 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSW AGEN 
SUBARU — BMW 
4623 Frodoriekaburg Road e 732-71 21 
Across From Wonderland at Fredericksburg Rd. 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

 is proud to announce that 
Don 
Dwyer has foined their Elite New Car Sales 
Stall. 
Don Cordially in vites his iriends and all 
Auto Shopping San An tomans to drop by 7242 
Son Pedro lor one ol the best money saving buys on a new car or truck. 

1977 
IMPALA 
COUPES & SEDANS 

 s 5,269 

You re going to be amazed when you get behind the wheel of the new 19/7 Impala. Although shorter than last year's model, there's more room, more driver comfort and luxury beyond belief. 
And now, for the first time this year, Impala is on sale. 
We have several cars equipped the same , , . priced at $5269. List price on these cars is $6277.8o. So you can see these cars are reduced over $1,ooo. All have V8 engine, Hydramatic transmission, power steering and brakes, air conditioning, tinted glass, carpeting with floor mats, windshield antenna, radial white stripe tires, ap­ pearance group plus more. Come out today) the little ch e ep e r d e a le r 

D O N D W Y E R 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 San Pedro 
341-2251 

 b i 

7o8 CORVETTE 
7o8 comm 

MISSION chevrolet! 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 

924-2311 s ? v r ; j : 

CORVETTES 

- " Z V 
_ 

 i i r m 
* 

1976 CORVETTE 

6 6oo actual miles Sleieo (o* vt tit aluminum wheel*, tower steering, power brokes, lottery att AM IM stereo rod>o light buckskin, toddle leather interior SHU IN FACTORY WAtRANIV 
ONE OWNER, 
FULLY LOADED!!.................................* 8 , 9 9 9 . 

BILL GARDNER 

CHEVROLET INC. 

PHOM COUKT; A Ute, Ie.os 644 341 J, Corpus Christi, 
883-2/62, Robstown leos 34/ 253$ 
4o8 W. MAIN 
ALICE, TEXAS 

NEW 1977 ASPEN 2-door fe \ 

SPORT COUPE 

#544 

225 6-cylimkr, 2 BSL Super 6, radio, automatic, power flooring, power disc brakes, tinted glass, white tide wall tires, deluxe wheel covers, remote left hand control mirror. 

SALE 
PRICE*4684 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 SAN PEDRO 
341-2251 

 rn voivo 

723 TRIUMPH 

 au la 
FM stereo re m o va b le hardtop, m any e x tra *, low mnoofo. SISO® H e m e ___________ 
I S triu m p h TBT o*rl stereo. 
I ooom■ es* em on * sa________ 
1*ri Triumph T H *, 4*ooo miles, oil original, extra clean st.SSO 
Phone Kerrville 25/ /7o1 

7 ?4 W u aM ta 
TToT^nr»™77!<Hrr’ low"rn!TS*e? outomohc. air, P B Radio Reg 
Cos s?vto ere lest_______________ 
1**4 Dune feuaav. custom uea 
Will trode or bes! otter IU e»S* 
I SLll VWS BMWsSUBARUS 
CALL P A I 
111 M JI 
NORTH LftOb VOL KSW AGB N 
I J J M JI 
W I F reds, uh .bu rf Rd 
JS hobbit A u , l e i F M «eod cond JJ.oo9 mi SJSoo ll* SJfe___ 
I i H A R B IT . 
AM FM . ow ntiieoae. absolutely must soil this wees * Will sea at below wholesale book 
O avo l i e seer 
D ays, 
I I* USO eves 
$811 ii S U R E R 8 VIN 
New tires, excellent motor chrome rims aood paint other tetra** s use cie rn* 
T T s U p fO IT iT T constr tibia! cioon air SUSQ IJ* e m _________ 
Take over payment* on re VW 
No oauitv Con IJ * W U ask tor 
Fred. oner I t a n it payment* on it y'W 
•Rue No tauiiv Can si* ;*o* ast tor Dennis Atter I at nit# cat! liM iti 
; 
-*l Vale swaoen So v a t t b o c i tveryth m p angin al excellent cpnbdnn tiffti* 
"ll*I v 6 l KbW AGBN 
Under warranty S**S JJS JI It 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

VOLKMAN 
B t Cars 
Paris Se 

AS VethswOfen bus Rebut aute Guaranteed U t t i t I 
At VW f t l f T L I. radie new' uaAgta*qry fu fH teated. sui 
♦I vW been* wide ti at* tBtaO biti- 48»I>M 
■*l VSb lU4r#ui* radu en* tire* and astint 6164b * gnarl is* 1*46 
*6 vw bud reg a speed 
M I Mb* . a* I A H I 
______ 
** vW tut <!(##• "run'* 
SU M LOM H S M il 

71 VW BUS $1776 
Has campmpbiT* and Pap Top extras excellent throughout M IB bioodwoy_______ _ 
J* v w bus * po**, auto . oir, 
AM FM I track, moas JI* Ju t , ext U j Atter S 
14* *11* 
____ 
UJ1 VW Bus. with air 
M RO N BW Sites t i l SIM n 'v w b u s with seats Runs 
Qrpgt* tu t s trode U J JO*)___ 
*« VW Camper Soil »•««*. Up top role! oui ironl windows new eng dutch, brakes s’SO Must se* to believe1 *s» js *> 
__ _______ 

 s s VW 
* d i seaan. new e n g in e , boltery, tires, prone*. M I lib* 
VW Lope Overhaul VW V 
M f I h it M A STF R SJO JP K 
I 
VW (NGINES SI 79.6o 
R E B U IL T A G U A RA N I IS O 
IN ST A LLSO 
* MONTHS or *,ooo M ILCS 
LAMOS STOCK u s e e PA RTS 
AMS RICAN BUG CE N T i R 
I 
OJb-OJbJ 
J I VW excellent cond7 h itst 
SU M N U W t i VW tor ports Good engine 
USU See at I J* Hot Well* 
I * JO VW « llL E ~ Rebuilt I J en ame. needs transmission S/M ar make oner ss I J J o s ____ 
• *Jo VW S t ilt ; 
Rebuilt I J en gin*, needs liom m .-ien SJM or tWdbO >**er t i l H t s 
_____ 
'I i VW low m>i*a«e dean Am ta S**s I csp Pi i s 
__ 
J* VW USO H moo wh< tis and hies SUSQ i ii till 
H JS VO , I passenger bu* win* air, .uproo* low rn (leat warranty * N / il« 
__________ 
' S V W MAORI I IH. 'new U U ® 
SI* Iii* bay *4o IMS e.es 
'J I Sauarobatk 6 sci 

JO Volvo I**, air all power 
* speed SJo*S «Si MBJ__________ _ 
Volvo JI. 142 Air. AM FM slorto. very dean U H S *o* JOSS 
Volvo 
JI, J** OL Cream putt! low milos, lolly equipped White. 
* dr . fed int below book SSooo hrm iou * brdwdy 
J* VOLVO U J 
Standard AM FM rodio. SO.ooo mi UT*S I* ) U t l___________ 
1**o Valve station Wogon, P a n bard am FM, air. rebuilt mam# and clutch Make otter si JOO min i OSO-WF 
*« Volvo 14oo T body excellent. as I* SH4S 4JJ JJ*4 
73 VOLVO Wagon b im 
Air, am tm stereo, tope, excellent. must sell 4*o JIM 
• Jl'vo tV O VV Olton $31»S 
! Air am tm stereo, tope excellent, must sell 4*4 JIM 

 r n misc1:t»wms aw:; 

 and ou.. , $2888 

CLEANEST CARS IN TOWN 
74 sue AFU............. $1881 
'Ii VW Dasha* 
$2488 
73 D W M , standard. 
I sgoed 
....... $2118 
74 CORBI, V6. outomotN, m............ $ 
2 / 8 8 
73 NA V B K *. 7 dour A ryhnd*!. 19 OOO md** 
73 HONDA I door .... 
77 MONTIJO NU ? deal 
$2288 

73 DOOM Color® 4 dew automatic. 
7$ ITO londou 2-1 automatic. oo, pewee windows, 
Ut IM .......................... $4388 
7 SGBAND FUL automatic aa. 

$2288 
$1388 

73 I Hi TSUI S lotion Wagon 

 pow*! windows, AM NI $2188 

$4888 
$4588 
J6 IID 4 doei AM IM ...) 
76 MONTI CAHO, oetoawtx, dowel sleeting AM IM $4888 

7$ 4 76 MAM V l- Noose 
(id! lo* Int if tgutpment and pm* 
NOK TH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo $*ks Ftd ro 
3 41 -SJ/1 l i t . i>o3 
OfMtw Sundoyi 

OVERSTOCKED!! 

71 HAI 124, aw, 1 it MI*-1o(3 21o I 

 coat 
74 MfBUDIS 4 JC VI red 
71 (K R O O K 2$8, 4d*oi 
7 4 % MGI CT, att, sttreo, 
74 HAI larder I (2) 
71 DAttUN 24o2 aw stereo 
73 MG Mulga' ‘'ereo 
74 HAI 174 Sports .our*. 

» 3 Sports Can 
8343 BROADWAY 828-1389 

 int, mmm 

BAD CRFPtH 
I GUAMAN l i t IN B R f IS I 
W A Y —I Can sell vow a Ca* r 
CALL 
FRANO 
/MSIITS Used Css 
....... 
3*o2 $ FLORES 
$32 5421 731 AMG 

LOW mf 
MN Mb 4b rn MHP MB - 
MMM n't 
MILEAGE \ r q n t -a -c a r \ 

FIFTY 1975-’76 
SUB COMPACTS MID-SIZE and 
SEDANS WILL BE SOLD THIS 
WEEKEND!! AT NEAR 
WHOLESALE PRICES!! 

AN (an Inapt Sub Comports Nov* TORII SHIIMIG ANO FORtl ASSIST 
MAKS 6(1 NAVI m ANO MANT NAK AM, IM SHMO 
I 3 Mo I 2,ooo mi Warranty Available 
ORIN FOE IMSPfCTION SUNDAY - CALL 341-9211 

•lent) 
JU JJU , 
Vin 
11 JOO or best otter I* 
US IJ H 
4* VW Vat* ar chack, rebuilt en ame excellen t transportation 
SOM. TIS J J U 
If J# VMt lau areb ack 
New en fine Goad cond SUO* «J* H SJ 

*o V W $g ud*aback aute 'a ir , radta i m same trade ti* U M 
MPEL MHW Mf* 
J# VW sum eel .poi I wheels 
SOM >r test e**ei nj til I 

' 1 V W S y * « i * . ? n « geed londHted 8381814 
JI VW Th in g TSWM ■Nag*. e# teh en ltena Ji JOI >)t M*j 
I 'jiVWWaaan Used cen* pip. 
• • N m S U M t i l H JJ 

 new 
M SI 

UA r f N il* J* * i« i tdddad law a unum ii .Mb PM ll JO 
J* b 8 N A lh > R It B i t flte n l 
I Audition. 1*o3 Oft I JIO oner * 
Pl* 
. _ x ii _ i r.... 
JJ RfNAULT 8 lj Vaert Coup* 
Law mile# ga OI SOO 111 M JI 
SUMMSk 
S'. 

Ga'exte 
• •muxt caadiIla* Ca** John St* 

>3i r n 
IM M rn n rr ?£T 
JO Am bPSIudb* 
Ait P itie d * 
• uOia*t ixcakwnt s.*s# tit IM I 

J3 G R E M L IN Be anom ic al air, s ib 
I t * * i i 
Im m a t u lb l* 
SOC title O' f i f es lf I O U* 
7 * G re m lin in d ia , f i r . f x l* a c i f a d , la w a i 
* t * J i l l d a y s 
' <** 188b bMar * 
JO J A W L IN a** au la ' rad ial* 
JSM PR B m quant I i i** *o* IQM 

 s i JA V E L IN 4 sia 
Nu IiT ra c k new b ra k e * and ex h au st Ouad fa u n body lire* Ste) tit U H 
MM 75 CUratM Nim* 
I MC MMk- Mr. MBWM PBM no 
AM end NM 
SHUM, 
I t M atad or 
O h * I tiiotf, ne an OJO 'fib 

731 MAC 

Iiauurwwmwkii ... 
C I N T U B V | baal 
■ Ste re # an a ( t r a i l 
88888 PSJ t e l l 

How to live happily with your leased car for the next two or three years... 

Include Red M ac's Maintenance Lease Program 

For a fixed fee, your new 
Ford automobile is covered anywhere in the U.S. for inspections and emergency repairs. 
Complete scheduled maintenance, oil changes, tune-ups and normal repairs, beyond those listed in the standard warranty, are covered for 4o,ooo miles on a 36-month lease or 
24,ooo miles on a 24- month lease. 

The Maintenance Lease 

Program can he added to your Red M ac lease for only $11.98 per month 

That's a bargain for peace-of-mind, smoother running and better mileage. 

Tires, state inspections and a few other items are not covered. For complete details, get a copy of F A LS 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
L E A S E P R O G R A M at 
Red M ac Leases and 

 live happily with your car for the next two or three years. 

1o25 San Pedro 
San Antonio, Texas 78212 
222-8611 

I FA I . S M 

Gillespie first in Total Ford Sales 

(OFFICIAL FIGURES—FORD MOTOR CO. I BEXAR COUNTY REGISTRATIONS SHOW GILLESPIE #1 IN TOTAL FORD SALES) 

*•* wk 
-akflyfeaafe 

THERE’S A REASON! 

VOLUME - DISCOUNTS 

THIS MEANS LOWER PRICES FOR YOU 

OVER 51 YEARS DEPENDABLE GUARANTEED SERVICE 

A.T. BUDDIN, left, Ford's Houston district sales manager, presents a trophy to Frank Gillespie Jr. and James Gillespie, right. G illespie sold more new Fords in 1976 than any other San Antonio area dealer. 

•3oo to $5oo OFF ON USED CARS 8 TRUCKS 

2311 Broodw ay - 227-1 

AUM I OOO. 4-daw. a OOO 

OeVIHe. 1o.ooo 

Cuties* 
AA I, 

’ 7 6 

’ 7 6 
. 
OLD SMOOK* 
7 6 18.ooo mile* . 

' 7 o BALCON. A - d e e s .......................... 

* 7 o M A V IitC K . J d e e s 
____ 

' 7 5 M A V IitC k . A d m 
..................... 

' 7 1 O M L . I -de er.................................. 

' 7 3 C A M I. 1 -d e e r....................... 

* 7 5 O b A N AO A. J- d e e r .................... 

* 7 I k l J AIOLI TH Duster, J-d e e r . . . 

' 7 5 AUICX begat. A d e e r 
................... 
- C H ltfk O in Mewte Carte. 3- 
7 3 d e a r ................................................. 

' 7 3 § AAM I i i 
A-deer 
..................... 

' 7 4 PONTIAC C m allow . A d e a r 
. . 
CHD SM O AK I 
C u tla ss. 
J- 
’ 7 o door ............................... 

’ 7 4 CHIV U L I Malibu. A -d e a r........... 

2755 S.W. Military Driv* - 923-4541 
CHfVOOUT Caorire Classis, 
/ ** A-deer. .......... 
'73 PLYMOUTH tabrMg, 3-dear. 
’71 
'69 wi 
'76 OiAMADA OM*. A dear 

. * 3 3 9 5 

. *1 7 9 5 

. * 1 6 9 5 

. ‘ 1 2 9 5 

‘ 4 4 9 5 

• 2 8 9 5 

. ‘ 3 2 9 5 
, 7 3 OS^MOMLI DWM bb. A. t Q 1 9 5 

' 7 2 FOOD LTD. A - d e e ................................‘ 2 1 9 5 
2o14 Goliad Rood . 333-672o 
PONTIAC 
Oread trim, 
J . 

’74 CM*VXCHIT Impale, A-dees 
, j q CHD SMOAK! Curio., J 

’75 
_ JOAO 
LTO. 
A 
O V SSW s r ............ 
CH IV t o t IT V* 
7 5 Hawdard 
. . . tea. 6-tyUnder, 

•72 
C tlfTTlMrlTl ol>41 Bl IftO dj ti 
(ORO Bras Teraie. A-dear.’ air. 
’73 ™ 
, T PI Y MOUTH fa rrsM ud o 
J d o s . 
OZ V-b, sir,amain ss N 
CMCVtOUT 
C hs,ss 
/ A air, pawer....... 
'7 5 COA VITTI Coupe, ell power. air. 
'75 PONTIAC Tram Am. air. pawas . 

Pickup, 

‘5295 
‘ 1395 
*3895 
•3495 
‘2395 
* 465 
‘2895 
*7495 
‘5295 

1722 Austin Highway • 826-32S7 
'7o M A V I I K X . 3-dees...............‘ I I 95 
•73 C A M I Coupe. 3-deer...........................*1783 
’76 OO AN AOA. A-deer................................‘3325 
‘74 CHOVbOUT Neva. A-daas 
‘241o 
'68 BOBO *'l SOO, I door Hardtop . . ‘ 895 
’75 
. b r r '. ‘392o 
'73 BORO LTD. A -d o o r................‘251o 
'72 CHfVaOLrr Impala, A - d a a r......*1 364 
'72 OR (M U N . J -deer, fle a s ......................‘ I 688 
TOUCH 6 M M P Dipt. 
2411 Iroodway • 227-1419 
'59 i m i, taw ., v a nss*..I. iss 
*179o 
•Trt K*# |l" Sum 
- ^ 
J U trew s mule*, i 
*73 tm*** '•■•■I 

, 2 1 7 6 

(Ass. I ryisde 
F 4 >M»f i IT. WWW8J 
#279 
’74 ItHLL'-'ULT1” f-** * *3475 iws da* Wn m i is^s ai pubxf. I 
74 Ideas smesk. -se. ksser. rn. 
_ _ _ 

•sass 
‘3529 
_ SMOUT IsAwkss, CASS * pm,mss, 
*'***** * **■ • rvOxbp, sdsssru Nsi 
2 / 9 

SkTnw lot 

T it* * 

Imps a i. fsyhsds. 
7 5 .seasin. (A WL ai. sssm 
_ _ _ _ 
’76 v- * ^ 
*7246 
‘4499 

“ YOU C A N AFFO RD A FO RD FR O M GILLESPIE” 
« 

GILLESPIE® 

23o6 Broadway • 227-141 I 
231 I Broadway • 227-141 5 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 
2755 S.W. Military a 923-4541 
2o14 Goliad Road • 333-672o 
I 722 Au»tin Hwy. • 826-32B7 

BUICX 
I 
Ii B u n k Century L u lu s 
L O A O C O I 
1)1*1 
TOM b f N fO N IM P O R T S 
♦SOO SAN P B O R Q 
I I I IJS * 
J I B U iC K R L f C T B * L united b lu e U llin w h ite lap 
L o a d e d 
)*.ooo mi tiffs i m ens 

J I B U IC K E le ctra Cooper brown a n d tan e x c e lle n t co n d itio n 
8 T BPS l i t i t l l atter .p m 

•JI f U lC k Estate W ogen J seats lu fOb f f To » oir SCABS I U O U I 
I* * * B u ic k L e S a b r * 
M a k e an oner 
New 
Transm ission Tiros 
CJS oo*o 

Can 
-Al Buick 
Le fo R r*. I I M 
IAI * JAO 

B U IC K L B U i R f , J t . N M t N O . 
Goad ronditign f * jj. CJA IM S 

JO Buick L r Sabre A daar. mag* lo a d e d JU *I 1*88 o*1 JOO* 
JO butch Lfb R b ro 4 duo! mags 
(.audad Just f**b. *o4 urn 

A* B A M l t . B R bobol WO tu n o cvt a** aaw ur radw. be#let tx t silent cand D ependable stow am ical, in d iv id u a l a w m * 
I I M 
IOO til Itll hum. »»* J-, 

 bl KAMSUR S3bb 
. .lan d u id G sad bur 
W 'TaaiteBoal Wbaan,''ra*w1 

144 ,,J* 
_ 

 e/4 Butt llSR H te 
A dr air. pawer brake* steer mg f t e r e a 
P M A M 
Jt .a b a m ilg * 
Mite 6*1 JA** 
IJ S B u n * K v * e i 
V I autam atu. p e e le r, t a c f o r y f i r . t o t t e r y i Hi erne **>«»!*, rad ial bras tw o new *4 JO I W W 1*ooo O II 8881 
71 M d Kepi Lmfiiu 
VO. autem a ne. M M t T air (h r m u wneats A M P M Stereo leas t i A* seat under to to m l 
S4**s 
NAMM 
1111 i i 111 ii 81 l i t i Ii i J 
S IM U te w lu r turnery J J M 
Ob B u n k b i v i f r u 
MBA 
Mon j 
_______ "8 icoMoai cond re d ia l* 
I o w n e d it s * 
I U Jbtb aW f* $ 
J* b unk d in e r # Full bower elf. i uu rue* ai* ac ce* sot ie* Custom 
• a in t x . t e l l s n t c e n # 
U M H warranty 
Odes 
OM JO N . eses bg ITO 

NEW 
’77 PONTIAC ASTRE 

S A L E 
• IRON DUKE 
4-CYLINDER 
ENGINE 
• W H IT E W A LL TIRES 
• F A C T O R Y A IR 
• TINTED GLASS 
• P O W E R S T EE R IN G 
• A M R A D IO 
, 

 i f • AUTOMATIC T R A N S M IS S IO N 
1 
• C U S T O M V IN Y L T R IM 
" 
• DISC B R A K E S 

TOTAL O fU V IE T TO K I, 
PLUS TAX, TITU A 
UCCMM 
•TOKI IHG OCHI $2oo OC FACTo 8 T KHAU 
* SUPERIOR * PONTIAC * 
WAV 
111*o*1 

J I B U IC K Sky haw k V*. 

J I b u M t Ib y t e d ( a w tai unwet nu eg#I .tnqn J J A IMM 

IV DUCK 
I 73? SIACK 
* wte 
WM TOF" 
I § BTO- u j m m 

It Belch 
S k y lur x 
P o tfffi 
ISA ms----B tB C J is m 
* *’*- •" .jn hp* n 
« 
P 
* W 
A* Auits Sbfteib G*end Vaei» 
••#* tvbfflWijBTMiw Stas, tea 
V s autumatn •««*> *#<(•** *•**! TOFfw fWf 9 " ai* Mw mileage I sc*f*s»aaMy ss Bultb W iiJcb i 
( e i i s l . I 
Ste#* |l**s A ll li«w btl IbbJ g r i y a l i ewnyr )f*$ (11*1*4 

JI t u ft k SPOO * W A G O N 
LO ADE A* I .... biffs 
TOM B I N S O N iMPOR I » 
M! >>>b 
(loan »♦ L sinbrs I bum na*kiwi * 
N power SOUS SII »*|l_ 

M i MWJ 
A 
•f!?* *£*.. * !} Ate* a* i *st ISA* 
J) LolbbtA bar , tewSnd' one# l>,« S * « i W M * It f t e SM AOA I 
TI bb* te d Aw, MHMJBBKwRVT 
M W L Abb M f AW lite «Jl- tei6 

S A V E B U Y U SED C A RS 

E E T T Q I E B 
75 LINCOLN 

W tnui iipiiiM k mutton totut tm** 
*7 7 B 
YttlhM loaded I*6 #* r»4w 
••37/ 

 tiff MINNIG 
•8695 

Lumet yetto* kiecJec! .tike 
#8o6 
Blue' vNOt ,Ki »i*> *|#«d> KAnNmL, 
#796 ■ 
; 
. 
•7195 

Colvin 
Graham’/ 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 6 I 977 

J ^ J H l CW 
Kl JKL JKL JKL 
2 2 5 - 1 M o 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
KATE CHANGE 

G L IN E S 
IO DAYS 

| MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 
MISSION CHEVROLET S 
*5,ooo pr,cs a i e ,on 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

*4295 

‘2295 

‘3895 

‘2195 

‘2495 
39oo San Pedro 
‘3795 
YOUR CHOICE 

’7 7 M E R C URY M A R QUIS 
4-DOOO / I -ti 
I W 
‘2495 
HARDTOP 

Oufttr, 6 'C y lM « , awtnwoTH, $ 

‘2295 

*48 Months at $148.33 per month with down payment of $8oo cash or trade plus tax, title 8> license with ap­ proved credit. Annual per­ centage rate 12.68. Cash price $635o, deferred pay­ ment price $7919.84. 

*48 Months at $153.67 per month with down payment of $8oo cash or trade plus tax, title & license with ap­ proved credit. Annual per­ centage rate 12.68. Cash price $655o, deferred pay­ ment price $8176.16. 
$ f 4 ft3 3 * m 
M O N T H 

71 VW BEETLE 

69 FORD LTD COUPE 

M O N T H 
68 MUSTANG COUPE C 
Muttony rue. i i ti v a fluor 
MMU, 
.out# rows. (-cylinder O N L Y .......... 
*'*«*■• owtomotu, air. pow or tloor- 
Stk. #37145 
Stk. #57o88 
M IS S IO N 
76 LINCOLN 

Town Cor. Every Option #841 

•8695 

CHEVROLET 
I 2oo S.E. M ilita ry 
*68 BUICK STZLLAJt vpor tat 
............................... 
SERVICE, WHAT 
IT'S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES w — - 

Town coupe. Brown, like new 
#71o 

•7595 

CORDOBA, white, every option. 

#836 

•4695 

 hornet yellow, loaded, like new 
#8o6 
C 
A 
V 
E N 
D 
E R 
’ * 
“ SPECIALS” 

75o N I. LOO P 4 1 o AT B R O A D W A Y 

North Paris Lincoln 
M ercury 
Ie proud 
J # to announce 
Mio 
JT addition of Roscoe 
W 
G ra y ta its 
B a la s ftp* 
^ 
_ staff. 
Roscoe 
Has 
& 
'** boon me re bandie- 
WT 
Ing lincoln 
Mer- '•* i 
, V fu ry products for y S * 
* 
11 years. Mo w ill 
T W 
. bo 
Bolllagi bo Ms now and uead au- tam ablloB. Ma invites a ll bis o w ners and friends to stop by — say, bello, end Have a cup of coffee. 

93o7 SAN H O BO 
S U O M I 
3 4 1 - 8 8 4 1 

’76 
LTD 
STATIO N W A G O N 
LUGGAGE RACK 
ONE OW NER 

’75 
LINCOLN 
TOWNE CAR 
LOADED, 23,ooo 
MILES. 

JOE 
RUTAN 
HAS 
JOINED 
TH I 

MANAGEMENT 
STAFF 
O f 
HORTH 

S T M DODGE RUTAN ASSUMES THE 

 lE S P O H S IIIllT iE S 
Of 
SERVICE 

MANAGER. M O Y SHOR MANAGER. 

AND IO O Y AND FAINT MANAGER 

RUTAN 
INVITES 
A U 
Of 
HIS 

FRIENDS 
ANO 
CUSTOMERS 
TO 

HORTH STAR DODGE WHERE THEY 

W IU 
RECEIVE 
THE 
SAME 
U M I 

SERVICE GIVEN IY RUTAN IN THE 

FAST 

’76 MODELS 

C o tto n 
Suprem e*. 
M onte 
C arlo*, 
N o vo *, 
Pinto*, 
Pacer*, 
C h e v e n ** 
M o n y other*. 

C le a n c a r * - L o w p r ic e * 
11o6 Halm at Airport Blvd. 
. 
342-9566 

CALL JOEL: 
DAY 824-7311 
NIGHT 349-1962 

CALL JO EL: 
DAV 824-7311 
NIGHT 349-1962 

■7* C H E V R O L E T W A G O N . I te at 
C a p r ic e e t l a l e m o d e l 
P o lly equipped under w arran ty, owner moving aver t rot, et* o25F________ 

‘♦I C H E V Y , auto, * p a t e n t o r 
Station wagon 115o H i W it 

’F t C H E V Y B E L A I R E , 4 d oo r 
Sedan, low m ileage Cleam tuts 
Cg# F II- F U S 
_________________ 

-SF C H E V Y C am ara. M f ! 
_______________ W H I M ______________ 

MORTH PARK 
V e ry nice* H e* m any t i t r o t In ­ cluding cru tte can tre i, till tele*- co p lc tte e n n g , new tire * 
Lo w m ile* *1*1*94 

C ad illac. 'TS V e ry tm m acu io ie t 
LOW mi *715o 457 4515____________ 

'F t Im p a la C ustom Coupe 
P u ll pawer. I owner 
74 Im pala 4 door, lull power 473 8o*3________________ 

‘At Im p ala. 4 door, pow er tit e r . mg, air. good condition, I owner, 
SIF* 4»i t m 
LUXURY CARS 
EXCEPTIONALLY NICE 
G RA N D P R IX ’S OLDS CUTLASS 
CHEVROLET 
MONTE CARLOS 

L O W M IL E A G E 
S O M E w i t h P O W E R W IN D O W S , and 
S U N R O O F S 
P O W E R 
S E A T S 
ALL 
W IT H 
A U T O M A T IC , A IR, P O W E R S T E E R IN G , B R A K E S 
F E W 
W IT H TILT w i t E E l ond C R U IS E C O N T R O L 
S EE D O N H A M F i l l 7 M A N A G E # 
BUDGET RENT A CAR p u r r B A L I S 
338 N.I. LOOP 41o SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
3 4 o - 4 4 4 1 ________________ 

4* IM P A L A , I door loaded USO 
921-7747_____________ 
F4 C O U P E D E V IL L E , S,o#S mi. m s s ar h e n atter 
W I M 4 I 
SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE 
INTERMEDIATE CARS TOR SALE 
FORD GRANADA ! 
CHIVY NOVAS 

G O O D O A S M IL T A C C - A C Y ! I N D I R ( N O I N t S 

ALL 
WITH 
POWER 
STEERING cmd 
AIR 
CON 

DITIONINC 
4 DOOR 
AUTOS 
MUST 
SEE 
TO 

B E L IE V E ' 

S C I D O N H A M ' F IE S T M A M A O i R 
BUDGET RENT A CAR 

# U C t B A L I S 
331 N.I. LOOP 41o SAM ANTONIO, IX. 
349-4441 

'F J Caupo De V illa. Lo ad ed . CB, new tire* M F W I U I tee off I 

‘4* C h e v y Im p a lo . 4d oer, v I , clean run* good, S F I* 4*4 44#I, 
A lter 4 P M 4*7-HU 

75 
C H E V Y 
I M P A L A , low m ileage, geed rend . I i i U FS un 4 et Chevy Im palo W agon V I, au ta . pow er tte e n n g new paint 
♦ F N 4 I6 F U F 

4* C H I V Y I M P A L A , 4 d o o r, power tte e n n g air, good cond! non. M i* 414 M IF 
_______ 
41 C H E V Y IM P A L A . 2-8ggr, CU* tom, 
IFF, good cand 
*7oo 
4*4-17SF___________ __ 
7* d h o w M e m o 1 + 1 7,ooo mite* 
One owner 
Leaded 
124 (se t or 
O II IW F _______________________ 

Putty leaded Im m acu late! Black 
*4**o fir m IIF *o2* 
__ 
7} C O U P E D E V I L L E , loaded 
Hico! S o c n h ce, W U * 4*o *1*o 
71 C A P R IC E . black 4 door. air. power, radial*, am im . t ic t i l t n t condition *14** 4*2 2o44__________ 
FI C A P R IC E I dr . air. a u to m a 
IK . power (le e rin g broke*. ( II F * or be*! oner 4*4 *111_____________ 

1575 CAPRICE SEDAN 
4deer V I, autom atic. air. power. vinyl rgat Speed 'N Cruise 17 OOO mil#* 
***** 
JA M IS O N M tr* Seguin I I I SFO! 

7 3 4 a m m i 

T i E L D O R A D O , l i g h t B tu * 
W hite Vinyl Tap, *17*5 B y O wner 
H U W A .______________ 

M agnificent All e xtra* Sunroof tape etc 
Seriau* m g uine* only 

M IH M 
* * F * 
F le e I w e e d 
B r o u g h a m 
O E le g a n c e 
I* * * m i 
O r ig in a l owner, like new. ti*.M O 
IO U p e B mM mo 
*7 F L E E T W O O D C a d illa c 
B k - 
(ellen ! condition *4*o 4*4-41o4 
72 S E D A N O E V I L L E 
M ost Option* Clean 
B e *! S e e r* r a d ia l fir e * 
W e ll m a in ta in e d 
Owner *2*o5 4** 41o4_____________ 

$SAVE$ 
’73 CAPRICE 
Y l B L A C K C A D I E U * ! C O U P E 
Excellent 
*4*oo hrm 
124 f IIF . 
M M U ! 
___________________ 
72 M A L IB U Bucket*, new hre*. t,o ne i , m ere I >142* 4*7 OF** 

79 M A L IB U , 4 c y l au to m a tic 
S U F I. MI-F74F 
‘ F I M a lib u 
M ig h t fr o n t end wrecked A * to, be*! otter 424 7*47 
H O til s ta id 
_________________ 

C H R Y S L E R 
P L Y M O U T H S 
VOL A R E S 
D O O G E V A N S 
DO O G E A N D O M C P IC K U P S l l * No Mom. B oern e 24* 1*44 
D IR E C T L IN E l l * I t l l 
Ja y G arre tt Sate* M anager 
7* C H R Y S L E R C O R D O B A fo lly le a d e d , a ir . a u to m a tic , pow er 
•indow * *o 4o te a t* tilt wheel. c ry .*# central tu e s *»* I U * ___ 
T ! I hr y tier New Yo rker Sedan 
W ill T r a d * fa r 4 w h e t! D r iv e 
V ehicle 714*441 
7o C h r v t le r N e w p o rt 
N e e d * m iner reaau 
*4*o *ti'4 *|7 otter 

OO O G E P O L A K 1*7o. One O w ner. 
2 door aute. power, air, e x c ito n ! coria.hon *»/* *41 QI l l 

O ed ee. '* * P e la r a 
I oak * an d r u n * y o u d t ■< * i *-.♦•. i ti ie / * 

 l l D O D O S 
Standaid. 4 r y i. air, lik e new co n d t ) 7 * t i V a n 
Sc anatine runt pood, need* tram 
Wmdehtetd S IM l i t W K 
74 Gold D u ller M ake garm ent* or ae*! eWer^ l a k e I rad*1 114 otto 
TI M u n a ie 
A d e p tio n * 
G e e d tend S U ** >4* oo4* after I 
4* M UST A N G Goad M echanical condition. IWO 
F# Deduv Pickup, 
S ir 
V * oui rm a lii 
(JOO Belo w 

I Owner law m ileage Ex celle n t condition m u Nagging*_____________*1 * 4 4 4 4 
74 C h a rte r Do Iona i i , euler a n , s e w e r . A M P M t i e r e e , r e a d 
•heel*, tleei belted red ial* *o 4o. veteur teat*. >4.ooo mile*. IS ,I* * 
4o4-4IQS 

71 Char a e r ine tu iiir blue black 
• inly root, 
I H M new tire* 
MI Mot 

H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
IM I S W M ilitary *22 4117 

14,6oo m ile* W a r f i l v i l f f l h 
T i C A D IL L A C C oubo D e v ille 
•rn tm t it r e * , la s e d eck, *o 4o sew er teat*, tilt wheel vinyl Ie*. r a d ia l tire * , alc im m a c u la te ! 
M d*! bed I >24-66* I 
1**4 Cadi Hoc Cause Devine, re al there- ti* * * , trode. U U P a b y ie u » 

 l l C e m e re , a ir . I te e e d *tan d a r t 
Good co n s itio n O rig in a l owner *126o * 5o 1*14_____________ 
4* C A M A R O Cen*erhble. tan u r i ye llew 
N ew w h ile le e new an 
? me 
Am elu ie'* beautiful* H I M 

■ M M I. 

1*7* C A M A R O (c y lin d e r 
Auiom gfu en M I M M i IC I* 
11 C a m a r# . 4 clin it S L p e w e r 
*i»e rme kFOM 
*561 San P e d !* 
H » I N * ____________________________ 
*6 Comdr*. 4 rd ,, lid. mu*! ta*I 
414 M i* wNer I em m C A M A R O 
L e e d s # 
I xtre c 1o4*o *24 »*4* Of 4*1 2*17 

*74 C A M a S o 
I U A G * I' 
. . I 
T* C AMABoTr UMI ' 
. coe i4i ( i n 
1 lT'<«nmr*2M*ee •manly sir 

 bet! a te f toke •£*■*_ r n >»** 
F) 4 a m e ie M ak e o a tm e a l* ai be *1 4d»et toke •i_»d«_ 114 j i l l 
7 i c A M A B O v f e o tom eST oil. e e w e r tt e e n n g b r g e e t. R e d y e whgefk, M I M lo* M f* 
*44 C agr ic e A u b ew et b n eb ej, em# S M * 4o2 m f 

74 CHW NOVA S2389 
*2 CH E V R O L E T . * CVI. Stollen 
•aaew Me# *22 u t i . **> *2 1 2 
74 Chevrolet C oorie* Laded with o p tio n al equipm ent 
1o.o66 m i 
S M M Awee 4 4S1-441* 
41 C h e vro le t * Se er W a ite " 
• aeon A atom atic ir a i» « n i* ie « air, eew ei 
Coed cor 
M u *! ted 
*4*o o*7 261* 

F T T H *’ V R o 1 E f * 4 d e e r . au lerneiic sewer titer mg b rake* l i t t l b d i l i e n ess 6 *2* 
71 CbOv r a ie l im a a lq . V I. aw iv matte sawer latter * sir 
New h rs* V ery law m ile ae * Like new 
U M * w m trode *2* i m l f C M * ro le!* M e e t* C e rt* L e e daa Vee* clean l i t el** oner 1 
♦ H B M ! 
_______ 
F| Che grata! Mobber (d e e r V e ry ctean i i * e l* * eWdf 7 4*4 o6*1 

 i i CkeTre let N a v e V I eufem a 
Ne. sew er tai ta i« orr N ew M N 
R x ce e tie n a ity cle an l i t * * W ill fry # M I MOI 

4 d ear. 4 c y lin d e r, s ta n d a rd A r e d clean car 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
IM I I W Minto ic t i l 4|I7 

Chevy N eva '71 Po w er, btr, a d it 
IM V I U M * 4 *1 77*5 or l l * 2o41 
( I C H E V Y Slah on w eg en 
R u n * goad be ll ofter Ma 4441 ode. 5 l l C H E V Y VA N IW B Standard 
V I. air. r e tu r n inter tar O w ner 

73 Chrysler (U nion lorn H o ral ap Law m ill* *2 
4* C arene' IOO. Seas 
Or carnal leased t i l l 14 
17 M M C Cum CeVHle ir *1 *"5 6 cafh 111 n i l 

74 CadMac f uug# Devine Very nice 41.4o6 m ile* I l i f f * JJ U M 
T r r * '6 ia r t i i~oo*TKo 
Deed cond . B e ll R easo n ab le effort M14I44 
^*f Cedule*’ S IM or ketl aller 
Cad *F>-«4i* 
C A i» 7 L L A ? 
T F 
S P U A N 
O K V I L L I , 
B lu e w h ile . il.eMontlet. AU B«l»a» »F**g by tingle owner Ile >4*4 

I* Cadillac S e v ille S ilve r bitte, mete Ama interior 
Le ad e d I e * mite! I »vIO ar b a d offer fit tie * 

 t f H f . i K . i W L - 
— 
_________ l l C A D IL L A C Lebo* D e v ille 4 
*#*» whit# b e rgwndy lalertat 
Wen nHMnUmad A Her 4 em jim 
IM K U I 

 rn COHN (RY [ORD 
Antu ne# 
Cen 
U * 

NOE Th CHfTtAi TORO 
MOC U n Padre 
341>9435 ire ant___________________' 

1*7* I doer C lo n e d*! teased t* 
(attent ta e d ilia n M M S 71* Its * . 
J id w A eenke 
___ 

(lb * ad*# *1 Poteen, i t In g tiT b 
Pg td . k l dp mace, ode ieee 
BecfM ehi. T i Pint,) H a HM H. ach. 
• »N.ii» loaded D I *441 

'*> E M w e S I 
' U f miiH u t * 
441 m a (O ' *7*1 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

San A n to n io EXPR ES S -N E W S — S un da y F ebru ary 6 I 9 7 7 745 . TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 746 
TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 147 PONTIAC 
IS 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
737 -FORD 

■ORSINGER! 
SPECIALS 
12-12 Mechanical Insurance Coverage Available 
MOTOR INSURANCE CORPORATION t m i n m r u Riviera, brown ond beige, fully t m 
A A 
/ b B U IC K loaded, 13,ooo miles 
J I O O i « i n i u / ' i y limited, 4 door hardtop, brown and s e o c A 
7 4 B U IC K white....................................................; 4 w U 
’7 5 BUICK 
> 3875 

 i v e C A D I \ Wwttang ll, power and air, power . . . . . 
/ J r U K Lr iteerina. white, V 6, 8,ooo miles 
3 7 o o 
’75 BUICK S S u°°' """■ *3 6 5 o 

’ 7 A U l l i n # Cen,urV luxus- 2 door, white and t m r m r 
/ * t D U H R burgundy, electric windows................. J J / J 

 i t e r n n n r c Dort 
4doo,‘ '*P**W edition, 
' » W U U w t green and beige, power and air, cruise, i-cylinder................................................... 

’ 7 2 n i n C M H R I I t vl>’ 
4 Ooor hord*°P. 
/ J U L U i m U O l L t green and beige, full power, low mileoge 
I y e D H A IT I A f *-e^ ons' 
2 door, blue and 
/ *» i U N M A V . white, power and air, low mileage 

>4o-OLDSMOBILE 

*3575 

133oo 

BUICK 
^ doo,‘ ^ u* and *hite, full 

73 BUICK 

 power..................... ........................... 

Electro 2?5, 4-door hardtop, green, full power......................................... 

> y x f U C W D f t l CT *loya' ^ '(*oor- Po*er and 
Z “ V IT E V K VASC I air, green ond white, low mileoge.......................... 
’71 MERCURY MARQUIS windows and seats, power and oir.............. r 7 a D I li e '] / Skylark 2 door hardtop, green and 
Z U D U IV .IV green, power ond air, chrome wheels.................................................................... 
, 
. mm m Rebel Wagon, turquoise, 6 cylinder, 
/U A ArlC automatic and o ir ................................. 

*3225 

*3o5o 

*2875 

*2875 

*175o 

*165o 

*1175 

B U I C K C O . 
14oo SAN PEDRO 

LONE STAR “ SPECIALS” 

‘2877 

’73 TOYOTA 5£T'. 
‘2483 ’ 

7 2 MAVERICK door, radio, to o ter. . . , « ?. *1795 

’73 PONTIAC E E S . . .**.r 
. toW*d: ‘2695 

’75 PACER Z Z ? " 1 r#.w,,:.!°w. . . ‘2995 
7 o PLYMOUTH J 
M 
, * 
T T . ‘1395 
71 VOLKSWAGEN ^ 2 i . r . " ^ i . o d:o .‘ 1495 

7 3 VW BUG JST*"?'. rodio . ,ow 
‘2195 
'7o VOLKSWAGEN^ 
X a r ° nT«°::.’ 1495 
’ TC VAA/ Standard. radio, hoa tor, air, 
/ J VTI sunroof, low milos. 

’73 KARMANN GHIA am/rn" 
Calico, standard, a ir, A M /EM 

’74 VOLKSWAGEN 
. . . 
Su m , tw ats*, autom atic, rat 
74 VW twat*,, rwody to go . 

•3795 
:.*2577 
. . ‘2488 
74 VW BUS 
",dto: . ‘ 3995 

•73 Ford Torino Brougham J-dcor h ard to p . 
R e al n ice. 
F u lly equipped 826-9565, 681 7737______ 

7 2 Font W a p $1388 lO poss Auto, air <35-1641 
‘AB G olaxie, autom atic, power, air Ex. condition. <94-6489______ 
'44 G A LA X IE 5oo, runs well. A brogoin Owner, 344-4944._______ 
'44 G alaxy 5oo 4-door, auto., white 535o 435-7178.____________ 
*73 G a la x y . E x c e lle n t cond., sacrifice at J i m After 5:3o and weekends: 494-431o.____________ 
'74 Galaxy. I owner, air, power, auto., low mi. Many extras. $28oo tlrm. 4o4-1782___________________ 
GOING OVERSEAS MUST SELL, 
'72 Ranchero 342 8983 or 341-2998 
•7$ GRANADA, 4 cylinder, Sales­ man getting co. car, 83,ooo road miles. 
$23oo 
494-7239 atter 
$ weekdays________ _____________ 
‘74 
G R A N A D A , 
Toke over payments! loaded, 824 o382 
7$ GRAND TORINO Elite white on white, loaded, including sunroof, am-fm, cruise, locks and windows 29,ooo mi 495-89o8 
•73 GRAN TO RIN O Sport 351, 
AM-FM, air, low mi. 
$2ooo. 
534-9437_______________________ 
75 Gran Torino. VB, vinyl root, 
AM FM 8 track stereo 337-5894 eves, or weekends_____________ 
72 G RAN T O R IN O S 
AM FM stereo, vinyl top By owner, $1745. 
224 4757 
__________________ 

7o LTO 8795 
AUTOMATIC. CLEAN ' 435 1441 

75 LTD, 4 door, By owner, oxeel lent cond., loaded 
A steal at 
$339o. See at Texaco 491o San Pe- dro or coll 49o 8129_____________ 
71 LTD wagon, power and air, good cond $1o95 453 o324_______ 
'49 Mach I. Many extras, see to believe1 Must sell! 822 5434 _ 
'7o M AVERICK 4 cyl., auto, oir, nice 5795 927 775o _____________ 
•71 M A V E R IC K , 4 door Sedan, auto, 4 cyl., new tires, low mileage 
$1495 732 7145__________________ 
1*72 Maverick 2-door Fully load­ ed Like new 824 9545, 481 2937 
1972 Maverick Grabber $14oo 
____________ 342 459o___________ 
74 M averick, owner, plush int. air, auto, new tires, 
$2,7oo. 
349 2274 _____________ 
___ 
7o M AVERICK , Standard, good running cond , $75o 453 o724 
73 Maverick 
3o2 VS 4-dr., air, loaded. $2495 or best o ffe r 
474 74o3 after 4 

*73 Cutlass. B row n-w h ite top. clean, loaded. $28oo 475-119o 
‘74 CUTLASS 2 dr. hardtop. I owner 
$379o. 45o3 San Pedro. 
341-25o4. 
_______ 
‘72 Cutlass, loaded good cond. Aft 
5pm 433-4984, 433-5o43_______ 
7o CUTLASS, I O W N ER , fully equipped. 45.ooo mi. Excellent condition. 512oo. 453-54o9 after 
5:3o, or weekends. _______ 
75 CUTLASS SA LAN, P ow er, 
Blue with Landau top, aft. 4pm 
822 5455 
*73 Cutlass S. Auto, power, air. 
Like new condition. 927-5912 
71 Cutlass S Make payments. 
Best offer. Toke trade 224-4954 
•IO Cutlass Supreme, 2-dr, air, power, $95o 341-4449_________ 
74 CUTLASS SU PR EM E, Load­ ed, low m iles, S tandard. M in t 
Cond., 224 5o28 
73 Cutlass Supreme 2 door, all power, looded. $3ooo. 828-7982 atter 4pm 
*73 Cutlass Supreme S299S. Extra clean, low miles 922 5889 
7o Cutlass Supreme. 2-dr. hardto, 
AM-FM stereo. Air, fully loaded 
$12oo 455-1471 
•74 Cutlass Supreme V-8, automa­ tic, power, (actory air, AM -FM stereo tape Like new. $3495 Will trode 923-2883 

*74 Trons Am. Loaded. 
_________ Coll: 344-3433. 
W IFE S *74 GRAN PR IX Loaded, must sell! 342-8844______ 

743 MISGtlUWEBaS 8UTBS 

Clean 1974 Used Cars At: 
BUDGET RENT A CAR-349-4443 

(7 4 6 • TRUCKS ft CO M M FRnui > 754 • TIRES parts accessories t m tires parts accesscbies. 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

7 5 FORD DISPLAY VAN 
B A R G A IN ! 4 c y l., 3oo eng ., 
I pow er, auto., A rn - F M S tru c k , c a rp e l, m ag w heels. E X C E L - 
! LENT condition! $4195 3727 S.W. 
Military; 923-4385, 9-5 p m. 

338 n7e” Looo 4to ot’ Airport Blvd.! ‘7* W R D 6-M o cargo von, auto , 
— ----------------------------------------------air, 3,ooo lb. payload, 19oo Miles. 

 fez im 
_ l l 

'72 MATADOR, auto .......... $1o95 
’49 FORD XL ......................... $995 
*7o OLDS, 4 door 
................. $895. 
7o AMBASSADOR. 
4 std .. $49S. 
‘47 FORD Wogon ................. $495. 
’49 BUICK .............................. $395. 
'45 CM EVELLE, 2door 
. $325. 
S M IT H ’S Used C a rs 
7o5 S.ALAMO 
224-9144 I $2,75o. 453-4992 

Under warranty $57oo. 499-o3o3 or 
341-1884_______________________ 
Ford Econaline $185o New paint. 
Good tires. Good condition. Call: 
Wayne Mosley 7:3o A.M to 5:3o 
P M Monday thru Friday 222-2341 
74 Ford Explorer, V-8, loaded, 

74 CUTLASS Supreme, loaded. 
$2975 923-7747 
73 Cutlass Supreme, like new, gdr , looded, low mileoge. 322-o932 
‘45 Delta ‘88’ Olds. Good running condition. Everything works $495 
349-o588 or 453-9745 
’73 Delta 88 Royale 4 door, 48,ooo mi. Vinyl top. Extra nice! $255o. 
824 1244_______________________ 
‘72 DUSTER, loaded, 4 cyl $115o 
923 7747________________________ 
7o Gold” Toronodo All power. 
Only $7oo 484 38oo 
_________ 

Hertz Is Setting Quality 
Used Cars From Our Rental Fleet 
(1974 Used) 
1331 SOUTH TE R M IN AL 
For Information Coll: 824-944$ 

# 8 3 2 6 

1977 NEW DODGE D I OO PIClf-UP 

* Heavy Duty Clutch, A 2 2 5 Cubic in. 6 Cylinder 
Engine, 
★ 
Heavy 
Duty 
Radiator, and 
Cooling 
System ♦ Ail Direct Reading Guages, ★ (5) H 7 8- 
15 4 Ply. Blackwall Tires, ★ 6 1 o o G V W Pkg. A 
(Uses Regular Gas) * Power Brakes, A Electronic Ig­ nition System, A Excellent Vehicle for Commercial and Personal Use. 

•47 MUSTANG, A1 SHAPE, 54,ooo miles, $95o or best offer! 344-2444 
’45 MUSTANG 289, auto, air. Fine car tor school work 337 477o 
•7o MUSTANG BY OWNER, $1295 
____________432 329o___________ 
1947 MUSTANG COUPE 
333-o312 
’44 M ustang 
Fully equipped, 
44,ooo mi Excellent cond SI995. 
494-2784 atter 5 ond weekends 
73 Mustang hardtop 
Auto, VB, power, air. Clean! $2995. 824 7971 after 5 
74 MUSTANG ll 25,ooo miles, all power, nice 922-7742. __________ 
Mustang It MPG, 74. 4 spd., AM- 
FM 
$2oo e q u ity , to ke o ve r payments Days 
828 6393; after 
6 : 454-4594 
MUSTANG ll 75, V 4, Standard, 
4-speed, perfect cond, 494-3354 
46 Mustang New tires, good con d it Ion $795. 653 1423 
1964 Mustang 289, 4 speed $7oo or make offer. 653-2745 

’75 MUSTANG 2 + 2 
Take over payments, no equity 
Cull John Slimp. 34 9 6 9 4 8 

RIMA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo M I./12 MO. 

CADILLAC VALUE 

PROTECTION PLAN 

SERVICE AGREEMENT 

ON MOST ’77, 7 6 , 

75, and 7 4 MODELS 

CADILLACS 

197] Mustung V I, green with w hite vin y l top, auto, pow er steering, brakes, tape deck, air, 
42o7 MOCCASIN 684 3o55 12,85o or best offer 

MUST SELL! 75 Cutlass. Excel­ lent, best ofter 696 4733. 
’75 Olds Cutlass Salon. 13,ooo miles. One owner. $4S9S 828-6355 after 7: 496 o3o3 
74 Olds Cutlass Supreme. One owner 
$3495 828-6355 ofter I. 
696-o3o3 
75 Olds Cutlass Vista C ruiser 
Wagon. Power, AM -FM stereo, tope deck, 17,ooo mi. Like new! 
653 5824 

1976 OLDS CUTLASS 
SUPREME Coupe V 8. autoinntic air, power, bucket seats, console 
................................................. $4795 
JAMISON Mtrs. Seguin 223-52o1 
73 Olds Cutlass Supreme. One owner 828-6355 after 7: 696 o3o3 
72 Olds Cutlass 2-door hardtop 
52195 828-6355 atter 7 : 696-o3o3 
73 Olds Cutlass Supreme Fully loaded AM FM stereo. RAdio. 
One owner 876 9565. 681-2937 

• ii Olds Cutlass, good second car, 
553o Atter 6pm, 734 2So2 

’74 OLDS CUTLASS 
Toke over payments, no equity. 
Coll John sump, 349 6948 
71 Olds Delta 88, good condition, 
5953 or best ofter. 
Call 
Ken, 
342 9431 

New 19 77 Ramcharger SE 

★ Fully Loaded, ★ 4 Wheel Drive 

Reduced * I 3 O O oo from List Price 

A Large Stock of New 1 9 7 7 4 W heel Drive 
Ramchorgers and Pick Ups. 
A Large Selection of New I 9 7 7 Dodge Sports­ man Wagons and Vans. 
A Small Selection of Van Conversions Remaining 

RALLY STX 

•7o OLDS Delta 88, runs good. 
.$695 441 3oo4, 461-4741 

’72 Olds Delta Royale 
Sacrifice Poy off $t284 cash, make payments 878-5594 
‘49 Olds ’9C\ 2 door. A M -F M 8 frock Air, power $65o 674 1337 
77 OLDS. $229o 7 Door Cutlass I hardtop, I owner. 65o3 San Pedro. 
341 25o4 

W E E K - E N D 

S P E C IA L S 
•AO LAA/ SN"*4* 
O Y f l f tromp tertian, Itwa ta chaa** tram) 
’64 CHEVY I 
695 

6-<y Hadar 
4mA, mi 
795 
7 2 TOYOTA 
(•TWM 
4 feel. J r * ’ *1695 

7 4 i f ! £ r ‘ 1995 
7 1 SPORT ABOUT 
Wafon, 
‘1695 
’74 TOYOTA 
(arolla, iton dofd, a baawty 
*1995 

AL KOMRAY’S 
AMC 

M IS U . Military Drive 

924-7351 

71 Mustang VB, low mileage, good cond loaded 532 6762 
N E E D A C A R * L ittle c re a it. 
M arried, single, divorced. Call me 
Will finance 
BoP Puente, 
222 8611 
1975 PINTO 
AIR AUTOMATIC 
$2195 
34)1425 

Olds 72 4 door 98 
Sacrifice fir*! 
$1195 494 5o87 
71 Olds 88 Exceptionally clean. 
See to appreciate $19oo 655 o916 aft. 5. 
Olds ‘88, 1968. Hardtop, loaded, excellent $75o 696 7163 

73 PINTO LOADED 
M I 3933 
P IN T O ’ 74 
LOW M IL E A G E 
CALL: 441-5784 

Olds 76 Omega Brougham 4 dr., 

71 OLDS 98 Red ond white, $995. 
661 3oo4, 661-4741 
73 Olds 88, top cond, very clean, low mi, $2,45o 349-2274 

‘7! Pinto Runabout auto, a ir, radio, healer 826 9565, 481 2917 
•72 PIN T O 4-speed, runs good 
$995 349 2474 
73 PINTO Standard Excellent cond $18oo 674 1234 art 6 

’72 OLDS ToRQMA8o SI85o 
Looded, one owner, 435-164) 
71 Olds Toronado Gold, white. 
Fully equipped, tike new. I owner. 
Low mi $1995 684 o748 

•74 P IN T O W AG O N . E x e lle n t 
C o ndition, a ir , auto, C ru ise control, bv orig owner Best otter over $195o M I o112 
76 Pinto Wagon Auto, air, low mileage $295o 533 337o 

*71 Olds ’ 88’ V -l, a u to m a tic , power, factory air exceptionally 
Clean 5i49$ Will trode 923 2881 
! 67 Olds 88, wifes car, $425. Call 
I 349 8824 or 494 3281 

“ THE PEOPLE M OVER’’ 
Dual air condition, V 8, autom atic, power steering, cruise control, 
A M /F M radio, steel belted radials, extra capacity fuel tank, many other extras. 

A Good Selection of O ther 
Vans In Stock. 

'64 T BIRD Good condition. or best ofter 732-9473 
71 TORINO 5oo. 2 door. air. $1ooo, 
656 7115 
1972 TO R IN O , qood condition, new tires, contact Clarence Wil­ liam s, 441 2524 a tte r SPM Or 
Work, 225 7291__________________ 

7 5 T O R IN O , t i m 
68o3 SO FLORES 

Take over payments on *73 Cut- 
$65o I lo *$ Suprem e No equity 
Coll ll 
824 o918 atter 7 922 7757 
" 
Take over payments on *73 Cut- 
I toss Supreme. No equity 
Call 
824 76o6 ask (or Dennis. Arter 8: j at nile coli 656-4321 

738 LINCOLN 

737 FORD 

, 7 7 (OUFt De TIL LE 
/ / Blue Due 
‘ 1 1 7 o o 
, 7 . El DORADO CONT 
/ O fellow fellow 
‘ 1 7 5 o o 
, 7 , ((DORADO (OMV 
/ O Rh lie White 
‘ 1 3 9 5 o 
I , j , El DORADO 
/ O Ivory Ivory 
‘ 1 o 8 5 o 
, 7 . BROUGHAM 
/ O White Blue 
‘ 9 9 5 o 
* 7 r SEDAN DeVIUl 
/ O White Blue 
‘ 8 8 9 o 
17 i CALAIS SEDAN 
I O Gold Blown 
‘ 8 1 5 o 
, 7 x court De vial 
/ O Green White 
‘ 9 8 9 o 
(ours D tviiu 
/ O Vive' Wvti 
‘ 9 6 9 o i 7 x (OH DxVltU 
/ O Red Mule 
‘ 9 9 7 5 
, 7 , court Demit 
/ o Beige Jon 
‘ 9 9 7 5 
* 7 x court lie TULE 
' o Gold Brown 
‘ 9 6 9 o 

• 7 A (oU* °*V,IU 
/ O' Ivory Ivory 
, 7 C eldorado 
/ J Btu* Bio* 

‘ 9 8 5 o 

‘ 8 6 9 o 
I . . Et DORADO 
/ ar Vive! Vive! 
‘ 8 6 5 o 
, 7 C ELDORADO 
/ J White White 
‘ 7 9 5 o 
\ tm rn BROUGHAM 
I J Blue While 
‘ 8 6 9 o 
I * . BROUGHAM 
/ J Hue Hue 
‘ 8 2 9 o 
I 
SEDAN De f ilii 
/ J Orange White 
I t g c >1 DAN Off tm j 
/ rn Green While 

‘ 7 9 5 o 

7 6 9 o 
»7 C SLOAN Of TILLE 
I rn fellow fellow 
‘ 7 9 9 o 
IWW tours De TULI 
/ • Due Blue 
‘ 6 6 5 o 
• te e fOart DeVIUl 
/ * f White White 
‘ 6 2 9 o 
I * 7 « court Deficit 
/ te Green White 
‘ 6 2 9 o 

’74 Fairtane Wagon 399o 
Auto , clean Must sen 82* 5595 
44 FALCON F U T UR A, 4 cyl , std , air, heater, radio, good tires 
V e ry clean . All orig 
Second owner $4oo Atter 6 pm 656 o57o 

75 Continental M ark IV. White with whie white vinyl top. Fully looped With AM FM tape Cruise control, leather interior, alum in­ um wheels, etc 33,ooo miles Will s a c rific e for $875o C all Doug 
Moore, 736-4311 weekdays fill 4 
74 Congenial Towne Sedan, one owner 828 4155 after I 696 o3o3 

74 Toronado Metallic blue, white top 19,ooo ml , loaded, like new 
$35oo 344 364)1 
72 TORONADO. metallic brown 
Low nu, all extras. Cruise Must sell $185o 457 o754__________ __ 
73 Toronado White on white, 
Creompuff! $2995 876-7971 after $ p m 

741 PLYMOUTH 

'64 Ford Automatic, mags, gas saver' $325 Coll 234 9111_______ 
166 FORD. auto Runs very good 
$395 661 1oo4, 441 4741 

L IN C O L N 
68 loaded 824 5521 
C lean , 2 door, 

71 Ford Club Wagon 9 pass very good cond $27oo 933-4174 
74 Ford Country Squire Wagon, 9 passenger $343o 342 1971 
I'58 F ord. 4 c y l., stand, tro ll- iomicol. 15.ooo IHI $38$ 534 3542 
74 FORD ELITE loaded, must 
I se ll quick' Leaving State 699 o5*9 
'after 6. 
74 FORD ELITE loaded AM f M stereo. Struck 3.ooo miles $539$ 
33 3-IBBS i 43 
FO R D 
F A IR L A N E . 
|6 standard, need Irons repair, i$195 37)5155 
73 FORD GALAXI. 4 door sedan, 
Auto. air power, low m ileage, l$l»9$ 7)2 7165 
7o FORD GALAXI 4 door. le v i , power steering, air, new carpet m g. very Good Cond , $95o 
1344 $4o5. 349 3 389 
45 FORO G A L A X I. 4 door. In 
Good Cond $4oo M9 8449 
I 71 Ford G alax !* SOO hardtop 
$159o 45o) San Pedro 341 35o4 
44 FORO HARDTOP 
7 door Nic* condition Automatic transmission, rodia 
$795. 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
94oo SAN PEDRO 
MI 1354 

74 Lincoln Continental Town Car, 
AM FM stereo tape, power win­ dows. seats Trunk lights, cruise cont , all continental extras ex­ cept sunroof 
977-4174; 
Eve 
6>D7»3t 
71 Lincoln Continental, town car, low mileage, desirable options, stereo tape, lu x u ry tor under 
I $7oC°* H I ‘OIS 
; 74 Lincoln Continental Towne 
Coupe, excellent condition, yellow with gold top, moon root, gold 
J velour interior, lolly loaded. I owner $9,ooo Days 341-3114, eves 
824 741o___________ 
____________ 
1969 LINCOLN CO NTINENTAL 
333-o313______ 
197o LINCOLN 4 dr low mileage 
Loaded Sharp condition inside and out' 316*3 654 >o24________ 
LOOK 
I 76 Mark IV, C artier Signature model, fully loaded, every extra possible Low mileage excellent cond. $975o must sell! 481-o242 
124 OSO) 
7o Mark III Excellent cond . 
455 4214 after 4 3o low mi 

Ford LTD, 7) Air. mg $U9$ i n 748) power steer 

7J Ford L TO Brougham under 
4o,ooo mi 
Cruise control, air power options, oir shocks, split trout seat with recliner Mony e xtras $279$ o23 3o34__________ 
' 71 Ford LTD Brougham* Under 
4o OOO mi Cruise control, arr. power options, air shocks, split jlrent seat with recliner. Many 
(extras $2795 82) 1o34 

 o r NKR MARKS 

I S I CHIV MUN it (A*LQ $C?7C 
> u Maroon Maroon msww rn 

*549o 

*575o 

*269o 

*869o 

‘445o 

St Ford LTO Country squire, good lamiiy transportation. $75o or best ofter 
Coll arter 
BIA-IBM- 
MMU, 

Maroon Mar 
, m . OUK KHAL 
/ O Due Due 

• 7 L “ 'K U *’ (OOO* 
/ v) Due Bt,ti* 
, j . TU* SUH * 
/ O Hue 
. . . JAL UA! Ii ITI t A Green 
Id 1(8 (lfCUA 
/ 4 Uteri Uteri 

19/6 FORD LID 
COUPE 
A.f 
Vinyl 
54589 

F O 
R R 
I A 
T A 
' S 

S P E C I A L 

O 
F T H E D 
A 
Y 
— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2 2 7 -4 2 8 2 

NEW and PRE-OWNID 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 

O p e n M o n frl. S A M . 
Tm A P M . 
Sot • A M 9« A P M 
SHOP INDOORS 

IV HW _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

, * 
I M M f f R f f . 

4 QQQf t Qo) 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
1981 S W M ilitary 923 8)17 el FORD LTO .'lxceltonl interior and exterior, oir, Great bay tor amy S49$ >14o13 

19/S FORD LTD 84589 
LANDAU AU power Extra clean with veioar interior 
HEM P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
IM I % W Millier y 921 e l l / t i Ford LTD V I, autom atic. power factory air, ext ept-analiv 
' Clean $149$ Will trode 921 388) 
78 Ford LTD V t, autom atic, p aw er, fo e to ry oir v e ry low mileage $ tm Will trode 92) TIU 
I t Ford Moi to MO mites a»6 OM I i8*5 Ford Mustang 4 cyl, radio, heater stat or pest arter, 
I m P I I si FORO MUE TANG Fast bock 
Loaded. $1595 3)1 $747_________ 

 i t s * F o i l o f Tc xTu f s o l * 
I t i n t 17 i 19/4 Ford Fmte Ants , arr $3458 i Cad K I ANI* 
1975 FOMO 
~ 
$34 9 5 
RANCH ABOON 
)4f 14)5 
$ e'rd Station M agna, t4 $ f, ’AS 
A f isle. 484 o521 
Ai FORD S<alien .s tu n - pawer, arr 9-passenger awed cond $7)5 
22$ Ad) I or Id* f l i t H J ll, do, I end 
Ort spin 

MARK IV, 1976 
Complete!* loaded, mean roof, quadratonic radio system, style steel wheels, velour interior, etc 
$1o AQQ 974 8587 I 425 9141______ 
T a m a r k iv ContMiAntal Excel tent condition throughout $445o 
224-9241 

’74 MARK IV 
Executive equipped, immaculate! 
57495 ow ne * $7495 494 1771 
74 MARK IV Like new condition 
Loaded, must sell 
By owner, 
I B M W 
74 MARK IV Loaded, 43.ooo m r, 
5*25o Must sell' 138 4718_______ 
M A R K IV 
74 S IL V E R fully equipped. 7 ooOmiles 499-ooo1 aft 
| 8pm 494 7439 
73 M ARK IV 
White with bur- uundy leather interior, every oo lion except sunroof 
I ow ner. 
82421)1 Arter tem I 82$ 8181 

I 7o AAR CUDA. 34o, 6 pock, auto. i 
: $1)oo fair cond 
Pleasanton I 
(I>$49-3449___________________ I 
I 74 BAH ACUOA, $2oo equity take 
I over payments '49 Dodge Coran 
I et Stotion wogon $75o. 459 o4o8 
•73 Duster 
14o Mugs, AM f"m 
»t fr *o Extros i i JOO 341 543o 
I 72 Plymouth Duster, full power 
$15oo 435-3127 eves weekends 
1 147o P LYM O U TH Duster Very I dean, Sharp' $114 5 344 9 84) 
•74 PLYM OUTH Ouster, 111 V I. 
I Loaded $25oo 824-2984__________ 
74 Plymouth Fury Sport 
By Owner, Loaded1 
844oo ___________________ 424 4o79 
7o Plymouth Fury V O, automa tic. power factory air. good con- dition $595 Will trade 923-2833 l»64 Plymouth a r x . Fast 44o en­ gine Moas. air shocks, positrpck reor end Very nice $75o 424 2739 
‘47 P lym outh V a l.a n l, 4 c y l., stand air, economical! Excellent 
1 ond $59$ 341 45)o 
_______ 
I 71 Satellite Custom. 4 door. 45,ooo mi $177$ MO 1244 
I 74 Scamp, 2 door hardtop $269o 
I Auto, air 
65o3 
SAN 
Pedro 
1 IAI 25o4 
,_______ 
I t S E B R IN G . 2 door hardtop, vinyl top, V I, auto o ir, S25oo 
224 5473, eves *5$ 85o4 

11968 FORD 

1972 FORD 

1969 FORD 

44 Valiant 4 cyl . 
52oo SAI 14o7 v e ry good cond. 

742 PONTIAC 

?39 MfRCURY 

72 CAPRI $1 IM 
CALL 
IAI 34)3 
Capri 7 ) V A. 4 speed air roo* 
Nice 
52)oo value, 
$1495 494 5oo7 

Sun hr st 

75 ASTRE SJ. 4 cyl . auto . power steering, air, radio White walls mags. 21.ooo mi $2795 71$-s24l 
1 ofter $ l l Bonneville Coup* Still with warranty $$995 Arter 5 S4Q 994o 
By owner 71 Cran Prix Luaded 
. Signed statement to low mileage 
$34oo AAI 2474____________ _ 
7) C A T A L IN A . 9 p as sen g er 
Wagon, fully equipped, AM CB. 
Excellent 12*un, 454 3454 
*4 FIR E B IR D 
SI79S 
6 CYLINDER, LOADED 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
‘ *oo SAN PEDRO_______IAI IJ$4 
Al Firebird. 4 cylinder, AM FM radio standard Good condition 
; »io t m 
F I RE B I R O Form ula~4oo. ‘ 74, 
Sacrifice driven 35.ooo m iles. 
Red wnite, auto. Rally ll Wheels, 
! custom Carpet. CB set up. Am 
Fm Excellent* Won t Lest CALL 
349 o414 

S U MERIDA ST. 
SAN ANTONIO 
222-2341 

71 COLONY PARK Wogon, mc*! 
$1o95 QAI IOO A, AAI 4741 
72 Comet 4 dr. a ir auto. Av OOO mi Fine to r t i t o3)8 
______ 
82 COME T, 4 dr 
$29$ 
3o59 
Nogobtos. 933 28o1 l l COUGAR 2 door her drop, OU to good cond $194) M I oo*1 
71 COUGAR, 351. VI, top* deck, extra clean 
21.ooo mi 
$179$ 
*74 $N» t*75 Co u g a r white on white. 
21 Poe milos. $45oo OIA OU* 
I t Couaat XR 7 AM FM (assert* quod 9 mas warranty. 19oo mi 
M ust sell Ibis w eek! $$7oo 
7IO M 6I. FIB-1 IQI 
7o COUGAR X R 7 
Needs minor work 5*9o 344 3*74 
7) COUGAR MR I, V I power sleerMip and Brokes, landau root 
Below b*at Book $))$o 71$ 1*24, 
» "n « and wpekan#* 
1975 Marquis, an aowor * dear, 
$34oo t i l 7>*« 
71 Me 
Baw ** 

69 GUANO PRIX S/95 
AUTO. CLEAN. 4)$-ISA) 
I t Grand Prix Fully equipped, 
AM PM stereo 5*4* 5 341 142$ 
73 G RANO P R IX JS, P e rfect cond, $179$ 415 5o*4 

19/3 FO* I 
• nil 
COV P f 
Fully • vetted 
SPECIAL PRICE 
$JSEO 
M I teP M ilL MC COMES 
FOND SOV t*«s OE 
IHM I A MUM#** *'U Q |tl l f F a r* T *i me t a t y'i. 'e a ^ . pawer steering Brakes 
E xtra steep' |j <59 p i U l t 

 ar y M ar outs 
4 dr , if, s te re * E a c a tte n t tana in s t o)8 M EI 
I i M E R C U R Y M a r a * '* shaw r**m condition E xcellent ran mug By Owner. tJAOQ/i 
M E R C U R Y 
I i 
M A EQ U I S 
Brahm 4 Deer. to Od# tnt Best utter »$4 IMS l l M ercury Monarch Oh,# 7 1 aute.nolle power factory err, 
AM PM si*>ow ane owner Very in* new SAI*» Win 
M U 

ZU - I i os w e nt 

C ON y V iY i n S f f * 
Ti " d e I t' 4 
A L C O p t » * * t 
I I H 
I I t / 5 549 M i l 

 l l G R A N O P R IX . L O A D E D , 
LOW M ILEAG E $1495 698 7994 
4* GR ANO* PR IX need* body work Make artar' 225 JO*I even mgs *♦* IQM 
________________ l l Oran P rix J Load*# S IH I 8 
R I: TAA-117! 
_______ 
I i O ran P rix u leaded, black v e lv e t in te r io r , im m a c u la te 
LAA* 5 349 I AA I 
344 5717 eves 
75 G rab P rtx ' l j Fully leaded 
S5S7S AAA319) eves ___________ 
4* CTO. $1o49 or B*si atter CMI 
: M M M ! 
*49 LeM ans Aute ."a ir A M F M 
* track, Best eft#' i f ! >4*4 
75 LE M A N S im m a c u la te Am tm lope, 17,9oo mi 
545oo 
Eves 
594 OHS 
7) LeMens Leaded, aute goad cen# M iner dents 11 SAO 322 41*8 ofter 4 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
73 Lemans Luxury, 2 dear hard lea, I awner $229o SSO) San Pe dre H U M S l l LeMans Make payments ar 
Best ar t y ly n x it ade 224 **5* 
'ti r d M A N I SbbHC awa* l * 5 t 
’an* H H 1*8* f i i r n * ___ l l LeMans lid Turbo arr s e e n si dog #«'B'n*i Mi- okceHent can 
IMMR, l i t - IIM - 
"it RON Ti AC. g u t* R u n s” * * # * gaud $4*5 M i m * . 84» *74> 
TI P a rtita ! { a a a * .tile 
R a d'# heater, air. eat atte ut centi %; veg 
M 
I D I 

TRUCKS” 

FROM GRANDI 

1973 WHITE 
(onyx if mini (ah Dixie! free ten, (J N Cheese ) 

1973 
INTERNATIONAL 
11o6 Series, VI, S Speed, panel steering JO (eof, mn Body kft apt*, red up rear doer. tide deer 

1974 FORD 
H IW (oh Over ut rh deeper 
TOO 
(unseen 1 taunt* 
IO speed, Id,OOO rear axle 

PONTIAC 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
BANK RATE FINA N C IN G 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227-5o41 
TRADEW INDS Auto Sales 
OWE FINA N C E* 
3oo3 5W M ILITA R Y 
922-27o3 
WE BUY SELL 
USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
K IN N E Y MOTORS 
3928 BROADWAY 
828-2213 

'7$ Ford Explorer Loaded! $4195, 
922 588o________________________ 
•75 FORD F 25o, loaded. 
CALL: 341 1933 _______________ 

71 FORD PICK UP 
I 
F IOO Long Wide Bed 34o cubic inch Auto. air, power steering j $975. 695-9218.__________________ ! 

FORD PICKUPS 
‘73 F-25o,J* ton, fender tool boxes, 
' automatic V8, $175o 
I '73 F-25o, te ton, tender boxes, i standard VS, $175o 
I Coll Tom McCabe 923-4353 Mon 
F rt. 8-S. G ira rd M a c h in e ry A 
Supply 3428 Roosevelt Ave 

Oil Crisis in America! 
Is it Real? 

 if it isn t, if should be! Re throw owoy millions of barrels of oil every day, |ust drain it out of o crankcase ond throw it away! Yet most people know that oil does not wear out. It just gets dirty. Until now you hod no choice you eithec changed oil or ruined your engine. 

Well, not onymore. You con install a Sauna oil refining system right on your vehicle The Sauna will remove the water, acid, and fuel dilution in its dry air chamber ond filter out solid particles down lo 5 microns in the 

 filtering chamber. 

S imi*r 

Z46 - TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
ADAMS TRUCK CO 
NEW and USED 
TRUCK PARTS 
1o14 ROOSEVELT 
533-51o1 
ALAMO W HITE TRUCKS 
814 PROBANDT 
224-2131____________ 
ALL TERRAIN VEHICLE 
8 hp. great tun! Perfect condition. 
Fast, cost $485, must sell tor $275. 
349 4883; Bulverde 1-438 19o2. 
B E D E L L T R A IL E R CO. 1976 
Close-Out Sale on all Gooseneck 
Trollers. 151o S. Flores. 226-6318 

‘69 Ford pickup. 6 cyl. std , $115o. 
923-7747 

 l l B LA ZE R Cheyenne, clean, loaded, $3,95o, Days, 227-2o68, nites, 826-3441 
‘73 Blazer Cheyenne. 4-whl drive, air, roll bar, excellent. 
$355o. 
824-5o82 
C A BO V E R C a m p e r, u n fu rn . paneled, 8' LWB 675-1456 
CENTURY WRECKER SALES 
Distributors Century Wreckers 
16o3 NO ALAMO 
22S-6146 

’74 Ciievelle El Camino 
Toke over payments. No equity. 
Call John Shmo, 349 6948 

49 FO R D picku p , LW B std , rodio. heater $12oo 653-2195 
‘67 FORD pickup, nice, many ex tros. $995. 661 3oo4, 441 4741 
‘75 FO R D R A N C H E R O , low m ileage, air, auto. V-8, power. 
Best ofter 435 o378 
1976 Ford Ranger X L T . F 15o 
13,ooo miles. Fully loaded with cruise control. Air conditioning 
Pow er steering. 46o, V-8. Im ­ maculate condition. Will sacrifice for $4,95o 661-4261 w eekdays before 5:3o 
‘73 FO RD R anger X L T Vi ton 
LWB. With camper, 45,ooo mi., I owner $34oo 534-9718 att 5 
1973 Ford Ranger XLT long wide. 
Like new 824-9565, 681-2937 

I With good (leon oil in your engine it 
I should lost from 2 to 3 times longer. And 
[since the oil never gets dirty or con­ taminated it virtually elim­ inates the need to ever change oil agoin 

* Cars 
* Trucks 
* Diesel Rigs 
* Fishing Vessels 
* Stationary Engines 
Sauna Oil Re-refiners are designed to fit any combustion engin{ regardless of crank case capacity, for full details write: 
R.G.R. Sauna, Dist. Box 472, Boerne, Tex. 78oo6 
International Environm ental Systems 
7 1 6 Edwards St. S hreveport, La. 7 1 1 6 T 

* 

* 
I 
% 
4 

H j* 

* 

/ I O edwards 
^nre veporr, lo . / m o i m m 

‘76 Ford R anger X L T . J* ton, loaded! MUST SE LL! Excellent cond $5295 681 o242.; 824-o5o1. 
•74 Ford Ranger 15o, 39o VS, Au­ to., air, power, dual tank . $51oo. 
492-24o8. 
•17 Ford SUPER VAN, 6 cyl. Good condition. 828-23oo, 225-5o78 
■73 FORD ' 2 TON 
PICKUP, 
A cylinder standard .................................. $2495 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
96oo SAN PEDRO 
341 1356 

‘72 CHEVROLET Custom SWB call 341-3933 
I t Chevrolet C-2o, LWB, T E C. 
Customizing, oh', A M -FM CAS. 
CB 12,ooo mi $6,895 734-32o2 
•74 
C H E V R O L E T 
C U S TO M 
D E L U X E ' i ton, LWB, 35o-V8, 
Standard trons., power brakes- steering, a ir, E x tra gas-tank 
Butch 828-1451 between 9-4:3o 
$44oo. 
‘75 Chevrolet Crew Cab Dualie. 
Loaded. One o w n er. C a m p e r cover 828-6355 after I: 696-o3o3 

'74 Chevrolet Custom I ton, 3o 
Series with steel bed, rigged for gooseneck. 733-9733, 8 om-S pin 
•74 CHEVROLET PICKUP. Auto, 
LWB, air. $2895. 923-7174 

’74 Chevy Blazer over payments, no c 
Take 
Call John Slimp, 349-6948 equity. 

•74 CHEVY CH EYENNE 
LOADED, CALL 341-3933 
‘71 C H E V Y Cheyenne pickup. loaded. LW B 698 2983 __________ 
•SA Chevy 'classic oickup, 6 ston- dord First $3oo-684-38oo_______ f! 72 CHEVY CUSTOM PICK U P ’ J ton, Loaded, Am Fm stereo. $259o 
822-o313 AFT 5pm______________ 
74 CH EV Y El Camino Classic. 
Immaculate!. 
$3o95, trade. 
342-2o93. 
•74 CH EVY LUV Mikado, clean, low mi $199 5 342 2383 , 349 1 o42 
‘75 Chevy pickup, SWB, power steering, air. auto., $3695, days 
337-68o) eves 494 6126___________ 
‘77 Chevy S ilv e ra d o picku p . 
5,oooml., fully equipped, $645o. 
734-61o1 after 6:3o 

1969 FORD 'j TON 
Pickup Camper, 3-speed, radio, oir condition .............................$1695 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
94oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 
'74 Ford Xx ton picup ll' Cabover 
Camper, self contained 
$45oo. 
673-5o93 
'69 Ford ' I ton pickup. 6 cyl., std . in dash AM -FM stereo cassette. 
Slide back w indow . 734-2244; 
822-7o34, 826 7431 
•17 FORD ‘ x ton, pickup 
4-speed, $1495 441-4511 
•73 FORD v» ton pickup, LWB, auto , air, reconditioned 822-9222 
'74 FORD teton 4-speed. v8. $28oo call Jim, 441 4511 
48 FORD >4 ton V8, 4 speed. $995 
Call 661-4511 
Ford 9ooo Twin Screw 318 Detroit 
Diesel. Just overhauled $45oo. 25 
Ton Low Boy $45oo. 532-4151 
'67 FORD VAN. 6 cyl. std, $89o 
65o3 San Pedro. 341 25o6 
•17 FORD VAN. E X TR A NICE 
824-9545 681-2937 
■69 Ford Von, 3o2 VS Standard, custom interior, ot 2231 Woverty 

748 - TRUCKS ( COMMERCIA) 
IMH EBS. BUSES_________ 

TRUCK SALE 
We hove over 6o trucks In stock from 2-ton. We will sell you a new truck for less profit than a truck salesman gets in commission. Try us, you will like the way we trade. 
New I. H. Trucks and all kinds of used ones. 
C all to ll tre e , 
1-8oo 792-2942, Johnston Truck. 
Cross Plains, TX 
VANS 
'74 Dodge, 15 pass. 
'71 Dodge, 6 std 
......... 
’7J Ford, oir, power .. 
'68 GMC (body rough) 
•71 Ford. 6 std 
........... 
'72 Dodge 6 std ........... 
6831 S FLORES 

... $445o 
... $1495 
... $295o 
. . . . $695 
... $1395 
.. $185o 
923-4211 

VANS*VANS 
'74 DODGE. IS pass. Club 
$445o 
'73 FORD, 5 pass. Club ... $295o. 
•17 FORD, air, power ........ $245o. 
72 DODGE, air, power ....$1 95o 
•71 DODGE, 4 std....................$1595 
'69 FORD Super 6, Std. ...S139S. 
*68 GMC, super 6 std .......... $75o. 
6831 S.FLOR ES 
923-4211 
•72 VEGA small panel truck. Au­ to , $95o. 333-8152 
, 

W ATER TRUCK 
1961 International 2 Ton 6 cylinder 
2 speed 15oo gal tank, spray bar. 
$215o 695-9218. 

73 Ford V-8, standard SWB $187$ 
'74 Ford * standard, ' 2 ton 
$2o75 
•17 Chew auto air, power 
$1675 
2o2 New Laredo Hwy 924-2211 
‘7o GMC Pickup, aula. a ir $795 
; 923-7174________________________ j ‘76 GMC S ierra Classic. Fully equipped, with cob-over camper 
$5995 firm 922-3426 

’73 GMC SiERRA 
Pickup Loaded $2ooo. SIS West 
Avenue 735 o321. 
____________ 
'73 GMC, 4 standard $2)oo. call 
Jim, 641-4511 

•74 C H E V Y S IL V E R A D O . 
Block, lots of extras! Still in 
Warranty. 
492-9655, or 
4V2 9554. 

‘74 GMC ' i ton, fully loaded, shell camper. $315o. 641-4511 
1973 GMC 65oo TRACTOR, 42637 actual miles, 427 engine, IO speed, 
5.57 rear single axle $4ooo or best offer L B. Reese, Box 22o, Zapa­ ta, Texas. 

SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES AND SERVICE 
8 8 1 o IH -1 o East 6 6 1 -4 5 1 1 

• USED TRUCKS • 

I O T A [ U r f -2ooo-o, 
Tandem diesel tractor, con- 
I Y 
/ w l r ! Vt va n ti opal cub, 25o Cummins, 1o-tpuud lo a d ’ 
Ranger, cir conditioning. 

I 1 Q 
7 9 C A D I ) C75C, single axle gas tractor, SAT extra I l l 7 / A I v n l / doty, air brakes, power steering, 5th 

 wheal. 

WY-9ooo, toadam diesel trader, 25o* 
Cummins, 1o-speed, sleeper cab, 5tb 

GRANDE FORD TRUCK SALES 
IHtO and W W. White Road 
__________661-4121___________ 

HOFFER TRUCK CO. 
1 798 3254 
INTERNATION AL TRUCK 
I 
SALES AND SERVICE 
PO BOX 411 HaitetsviHe, Tex ( I) 

 in te rn a tio n a l T ru c k s 
71$ Sieves Ave__________ 534-5471 
I 73 International T rave ilall VS, 
; autom atic, power, factory o ir, towing package, equalizer hitch. 
Cooling package AM FM stereo 
Like new 
$299$ 
Will trode. 
1923-2883 
1971 International Traveloll— V-8, 
AC, radio, PS, PB, new battery 
. 
. 
, _ 
. 
. and drakes, low m ileage, goad 
Loo2*d. , JuV • OW miles! Perfect 
! condition $18o4 4*4-4512 cond. M ust sell im m e d ia te ly 
------------------------- 

'63 Chevy Step Van. Good cond. 
$9$o or artar. 456 126)__________ 

7 4 CHEVY 1-T.S225o 
I 
Looded 68o3 S F LOR ES 
I ‘48 CHEVY 2 ton flatbed, cheap 
I 624-1512 
, '71 Chevy 'i ton Low mileage i One owner. Fully loaded 824-956$, 
*81-2917 
I ‘73 C H E V Y *4 ton Pickup V I. 
, automatic, air, power, goose-neck hook up etc Phone I-91S-2766 
'71 Chew Ax ton pickup Camper. 
Looded low ml. $315o 337 8525 
I l l Chew ' i ton pickup Silverado 

WENCH TRUCK international R19o Tractor Truck. 
Tulsa 23 wench RD45o engine 
Good cond $195o. 695-9218 

754 TIRES PARTS ACCESSORIES 

Boss 3o2 hoods w ith bronze guides and po rt w ork $25o. 8 
Alum inum Super Rods $18o. I 
Boss 3o2 Crank $7$. I Boss 3o2 block SISO 
Tom at 341-8371 or 
341-67o6 
__________ 
65 CHEVROLET, 4 door, 327, au- to. tor ports 226-7o95 
C h e w eng., 6 c y lin d e r. $1oo. 
3-spd Chevy Irons., $3$. 674-1924. 
68 Cougar parts, 3 spd Irons, grid and fenders 333-o27o 
65 Falcon wrecked, all parts good. 
$125. 923-28o1 
_____________ 
69 Firebird. Wrecked, all or any ports. 344-5o58__________________ 
Selling auto oarts, all parts for sale fast. 684-71o8. 

SHOP EQUIPMENT 
Parts cleaner, steel work bench, electric Impact winch, tire stands, wheel balance attachm ents, AC tune up machine. 
Dune Buggy fram e, large safe, cash register, acetylene torch set. 
9o weight dispenser. 
Bench grinder, bubble balancer 
One ton wrecker 828-63o2, 674-8166 
2 IS” Western mags, L-6o Post­ w ar Tires for Chevy truck, new. 
633-o5o9 
5 Wire Wheels for a Triumph su­ ttee, Spendles and Knockoffs $4oo 
658-7547 Alan. 
________ 

758 
- supplies 
AIRCRAFT serenes, 

4 WHEEL ORIVE 
•64 Ford ' j ton, V-8, 4-soeed. air conditioned Very low mileage All heavy duty options. Exceptionally clean $2195 Will trode 923 2883 
'5o W IL L Y 'S 4 wheel dr 
Box 
Wagon Perfect shape, new mo­ tor, Irons., O C., extras. $2395. 
Dave 436-3521 
___________ 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

•74 BMW DRESSED 
Coll 492-2983 
Con Am I7J Enduro. $725 After 4 p m coll 494-4537 
4oo CC Kawasaki, $5oo ofter 4pm. 
________ 
1976 Gold Wing, 1973 Hondo 35o four, sharp, trode. 1o23 Fabulous l l H A R L E Y D A VID S O N SLH, 
7oo m iles, fu ll d ress , $295o. 
227 o938 or 734-3553. 

7 o CHEROKEE M ite 
74 CHEROKEE 
7 5 SUPER CUB 
7 5 AZTEC E £ . 
69 AZTEC D 
7 5 CHEROKEE 
7 4 NAVAJO 
CH9EFToN 
7 5 CHEROKEE S T Z,* 

ALAMO FLYERS, INC. 
YOUR n m M A IB 
PHONE: 
922-1228 

•73 Honda CB 7So. Fairing, bags, j perfect' $1295 435-8o79_________ 
74 Honda CB 75o, 22oo miles, call 
337-6o95 ort. 5 oo____________ _ 
75 Honda 55oF, only 19oo miles, i excellent, $1395. 655-46o9_______ 
I 1975 HONDA Gold Wing 21oo mi. 
Buddy seat, turquoise, like new. 
$225o 494-581o. 

BO SA Kit, no. 2361, all extras, ne con struction done, m oving to 
Alaska, cheap. Del Rio, 1-775-6253. 
CHEROKEE W ARRIOR, 1974 
Full IFR , Frank Adams. 458-o32o 
FAA W HITTENS SAN ANTONIO 
FEB 26-27 
1oo°s Guaranteed 
AVIATION 
SEMINARS, 
(6o9) 
79* 212o 

'73 Honda 35o. 2,ooo mi., excellent cond 333 2354 after 5 
HONDA, i t model. 125 Elsinore, fox shocks, air forks, radial head, 
34 mm barb., nearly brand-new 
Coll 735-4916. 
HONDA OF SAN ANTONIO 
57o8 Mobud 684-3682 

$54oo 
349-4883, 
I 438-2*o2. 
Bulverde: 

WT 9ooo, tandem diesel Cab-Over, Cum­ min I engine, 11-speed, sleeper cab, air ( conditioned. 

1-6oo, Cab-N-Ckassis, 4-2 speed, deal 
IC gallon teaks, will taka a 14 It. ar l l | 
It. bad. 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORO 
TRUCK CENTER 

4721 W. Command of Gtnoral McMillan 
(Coll BOB CLARKSON or WALLY HENDERSON • 435-4o71 

EXCELLENT USED TRUCKS & 
• TRUCK TRACTORS FOR SALE • 

SINGLE AXLES I TANDEMS 
FREIGHTUNES INTERNATIONALS 
KENWORTHS FORDS 
ENGINES: CUMMINS NTC 29o, NTC 35o, NH2So 
DE TRO!TS BV 71-29o 8V71TT-35o 8V71-318 
SOME GAS POWERED TRACTORS 

MAINTENANCE RECORDS AVAILABLE 

Call: Woyna Mostdy -Hut shall Martin-or Bob Janas 

A B C TRUCK RENTAL & 
LEASING COMPANY 

49 Chevy '» ton pickup 
D rive from modified $85o 736 5942. 
44 C H EV Y 'lio n pickup SWB. step-side, VS. standard shirt $6oo 
673-2688._____________________ 
'64 C H E V Y 'lio n , Runs good 
I 341 o»o2 ort 6pm______________ 
: IO Chevy I ton Wrecker Holmes 
; 44o As is. $25oo TOI N W Loop 
I 41o. 
$7 C H E V Y tru c k . SW B. V-8. 
3-speed M IN T condition A beau i tyt 2319 Vance Jackson 737 oo7o 
I 7), I*' Chevy Van, all aluminum. 
'69 International $-ton Von. with 
I lift Coll 923 3573._______________ 
CHEVY VAN. 19*8 
6 Cyl.. Std Colt 735 «9U 
74 CHEVY VAN. loaded 
I 
CALL: 341 3933 

73 IN T E R N A T IO N A L pickup. 
Auto . air. $1925 923-5747________ 
73 IN TE R N A TIO N A L Pickup te ton Air, power, brakes-steering. 
I 8' Alaskan camper 681 -28o4 

’74 INTFRM’L STEP VAW j t ton. all aluminum 12x7 body, 34$ j V -8 autom atic, booster power brokes, tilt steering wheel, duals. 
I Coll 824 287o 
I '72 Int'l Traveloll. 392, am tm 8 track stereo, 38,ooo mi, new tires. 
$4ooo 344 7 7 2 7 oft 5 

•74 H onda X L 25o 
H e lm e t, chrome book rack, tool set, air forks, $49$ 342 7729 
I t HONDA XL-1oo Street legal. like new condition. 458-4942 after 4 pm or.d weekends 
I t JEEP Wogoneer 4 WD. 12.8oo 
, miles. Auto. air. power brakes, 
; steering. AM FM stereo radio. 
Hi lo range 
$45oo 735-3441 ar 
684-7S2o 
JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Soles-Servlce-Ports 
36o1 BROADWAY 
824 9494 

68 INT'L 
6614511 
Travelog $14oo call 

FLIG H T INSTRUC TO R Wanted 
Westside Air Pork, 433-77S1 l l Piper CHEROKEE 6. loaded 
Frank Adams 658-o27o 
I t S E N E C A l l, 342 TT 
Im ­ m aculate condition 
Full King 
IFR. including KN 4$ OME, NSO 
36o slaved HSI, anim alic III C. 
Nacelle fuel packs Price to sell. 
Contact: Ron Mustain. NAYAK 
AVIATION, $12-824-7511 
WHY NOT order a New 
PIPE R to your own 
Specifications, call Frank Adams. 
658-o22o 

LW B 73 T o y o ta , bumper, 
$24oo or 
349 9544 

 a ir , ra d io , best offer. 

1972 FORD 
Smde xx) 
M. He ii wi tat •**# ll 

1959 R21o tate* tewrnertanei cixix mum rn 

GRANDE FORD rn ie AND W W 
WHITE RO 
6 6 1 -4 1 2 1 

[I 48 P ontiac B o n n e ville R ecent e n g in e o v e rh a u l 
A u to m a tic transm ission Power, factory oir 
Like new 
$99$ 
W ill trode 
1921-M d) t i Pontiac Catalina Good condi lion $4oo 346 2491 l l P o n tia c 
F ir e b ir d 
B lu e 
364 59o, ar ess 23*9. 
P o n tia c F ire b ird E s p irit 1971 
E xce lle nt condition Green w itn white vinyl tog $339$ psi 9174 
‘ 72 PON TI AC GRANO S A FA R I it a lia n W a g o n . 9 B a lle n g e r . 
I owner *5) o7*4 l l PO N TIAC G R AN D S A FA R I 
S ta tio n W agon , * p a s s e n g e r, l earner Ceti es) o / < 6 
__ 
' I i P o n tia c G ra n d P rix 
L o * mileage Leaded SSM equity, and essume t i t a m i 
'4* Pontiac LeMans Custom S ISO 
VI. 4 d r . air. $6$« ar bast arter 
676-7661 artar 4. 
PONTIAC, l l LEM ANS WAGON, 
A ir, re d ia ls , cru ise , e x c e lle n t! 
HOM M M U S 
1*7} Pontiac L a x a l* LaMmts an* a w n e r 
E x c e lle n t c e n d itig n 
W -6 M 6 aHar r 696-B1E) 
IT) Pontiac Cotton oregan. needs irenixiussren, na trite. 
M i SEI) Artar * 

74 CH EV Y V A N : 18,ooo m il**, windows all around. 4 standard extra seal. 684 4357___________ 
I t i Chevy Van 4 standard good F irst $6oo 684-38oo_________ 
I '74 Chevy window Van, V-8. au­ tomatic. a ir 
Very clean 
$349$, 
W2-SEEE 
{ C LEAN ! I owner 4 wheel dr 1973 
Commando. 3o4 V t, auto power steering, deluxe in te rio r. 22,oo9 mi $3*5o 7 36-513* eves________ 
P T I C rew Cab p ic k u p 
P o w e r steering, aute , good cond $249$. 
72* 5198, 317 $7o4 
74 O atsun P ick-U p 
C o ve r. 4 speed. Ate, R a dials and M ore . 
$25so ASHORE. i ‘i t D IOO D odge T ru c k . LW B . 
(7,7*o a c tu a l m ile s , a ir, po w e r brakes heavy duty radiator, and bumper, $3*oo ar best o tte r' aft 4 
I pm MORRIE 
I'49 DODGE 5oo. l l ’ a lu m in u m 
: re e fe r bed. dual wheels, $ spd teens 
$15oo 
8 am ta 4 pm. I 
I E N -IM I. 
I'7$ DODGE Club Cab, ca m p e r. I 
Leaded Sacrifice! 547oo 224 o741, ! i Ro to ad 9 pm 4 pm__________ 
' 73 DODGE Club Cob pickup 
I 
Owner, 27ooo nu M any e x tra s ! 
*4ooo >33 5521__________________ 
'72 Dodge Iona van. large V*. Qu­ ito. $37oo ar best atter. 4211 San 
I F d j r i 
I 
( 74 DOOGE M a x i-V on, ) t l V I, power steering bl oxes Standard 
Trgns .$325o Must Sell >2*1718 
! r f Dodge Sportsmen Royal Van. loaded, nice 661 37*o____________ t*>2 Dodge van end 1964 Chevy pickup balli 4 cylinder, standard transmissions. 623 4431_________ 
•77 D O D G E V on. c o n v e rte d 
■ S43Qo 224-o741 Jerry to m ta m 
DOWNTOWN AUTO R E PA IR in 
.cre a se d it's ta c ilttie s to r com i mer cioi and industrial Meet mom 
• te nant* and repair of all cars and trucks. 22S-711I, A b* Cteim gen 
I ISIL_____________________ i 64 Econoiin* Window Von Good cond . * s ta n d w ith (2 ) c u t 
■omiiea got tanks 7)2/o94 
7$ EL C A M IN O CLASSIC 
A ll power, air, very clean 22.OM mis 
Must sell $379$ o92 1247________ 
71 EL CAMINO, low mileage, aa ta. oir power. Good cond , $119$ 
; 7)2 714$__________________ ____ 
72 El Cam ino 454 Super Sport 
New tires $129$ IM 5344 
1*75 EL CAM INO Super Sport 
M arked 
Down! 
313 o5o4 bf 
33F6334 
74 F - I O # C u s t o m 
V I , a u l * 
1299$ Very clean Will fake ire d * 
Sea pi XU UteiHo 333 1721 

F eb ru ary Specials 
4* Pard pickup.’ lion 4 cyl 
$1o95 
IO 
M ar eery 
4 door, vory 
AKO! 
....................................... $1493 
4# Oatsun Pickup 
$to*$ 
*1 Fenton Pickup 
$79$ 
‘66 Ford P ic k u p ton , . 
IR M 
M il Nogplitos 
914 66*6 y e t t s I r o n e r Sates 
74 F IM EXPLORER lo e d o d low m il# *** Excellent c o n d itio n 
M u st s e ll now 
By 
! t e « ii Cad Rick Carter 111 OOH 

I t M AZDA PICKUP 
: 4 speed, with radio ............... $24*5 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
94oo SAN PEDRO 
141-1354 
74 model Lufkin, l l yd hydraulic dum p t r a ile r , good c o n d itio n , good tires with wet line k it (oo4) 
R un* | 894 7 33o 
MUST S E LL. '72 F o rd P ickup automatic, ate, pawer. $14oo Call 
John Silva. 127-7311. 

•72 K A W A S A K I 35o E x c e lle n t cond., make ofter 1975 CB 125-S 
HONDA, exce lle n t cond , m oke o fte r 
1975 
H O N D A 
ATC 9o 921 l i f t 
3 w h e e le r te rra in c y c lo , good I cond . make offer 674-34o9 

KAWASAKI 9oo 
Low m i , new condition 344 426o 
75 K aw asaki p trfo c t cond ition te s t th a n 1o,ooo m ilo s $175o 
824-oo7o weekends______________ 
75 KAW ASAKI 9oo P erfect con­ dition Best offer 735 84o1 

WHY PAY MORE? 
Cessna ISO ......................... S it hr. 
Cessna 172 ......................... SIO hr. 
Cessna 177 
..................... $19 hr. 
Cessna 1o2 
......................... $23 hr. 
Cherokee 14o ..................... $14 hr. 
Moonov Ranger ............... $2o hr. 
Grum m an T raveler ........ $14 hr. 
Bollanca V iking ............... $32 nr. 
Dual flight inst. SS hr. 
Craw Aviation 
924-SS22 

CAMPERS TMlliRS 

M u tt sell 7 * F o rd C ustom ised 
Von 82873o6 339 Tim berlone 
NEW and USED Bum pers Light weight to ih m w duty For all sues of pickup trucks 924-4SSI-2o2 New 
LorodP Hwy. 

PERFORMANCE VANS 
OF AMERICA 
Custom A cce sso rie s to r V o n*. 
Pickups, M ini Trucks, RV'S 
Hadman Nodder* complete $59 9$ 
I 1o723 P errin.B eitel 
456 o66o 
PICKUPS 
I 7$ F O R D 'it..............................11*9$ 
71 C H E V Y '>t........................ .... 
72 CH EV Y' it ...........................$1o9$ 
74 Dodge it, ....................... $»$$$ 
________tOOl SO FLORES_______ 
P ickup T ru c k , IO GMC S ie rra 
G rand* with 35o engine, oir, auto, a o w o r. e le g a n t in te r io r 
Im m a c u la te . C a m p e r in c lu d e d 
35,ooo m i $17oo 814 394o________ 
I '41 
P L Y M O U T H 
D U M P 
T R A IL E R . 2oyds., good con., 
S77M 421-361$ 
I 7o R anchero p ic k u p 
Looded. completely reconditioned 
$29oo 
| OSE-HEI. 

R E E F E R VAN l l ti Traitm abil. tandem axle with 
F rig a k tn g u n it R oar and side doors St$ou *9$-92IO___________ 
RODEO WAGON i 76 Chevy Von Dinette Bed. sink, c a rp e te d 
A M P M s te re o , a il power New steel betted ra d ia l* 
S4IM 495-174L 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES A SERVICE 
MC DIAMOND REPO PE TE R EIL 
3o1o IM IO 
661 QSII 
SCHOoC-Hiphway Diesel Buses 
DOI NOGAL! TPS_______ 334 6711 
' 72 SCOUT 
3o4 V t, a ir] p o w tr steering SIMO to t i l l * l l Scout V-4 standard, 4 WD Ate, extra clean *3293 922 3ooo______ 
SPECIAL TRAILER S 
I Axle Folding Gooseneck 4o ton 
Lob ey, 2 a x le dot 
G ooseneck 
4o ten L o b e y , 35 ton T a n d e m loboy Now Fontaine 2$, 15 ond 
SO to n lo b e y *. I ta n d e m p o le tra ile r*. $ hopper beteem pram traitors 3$ ort,or tra ito r including. flats. Van, o ilfie ld , fia t doubles. 
Van doubles, g ra ve l dum ps etc 
Toll HOO MOO 7*3 3*41 Johnston 
Truck end Supply. Cross Ptorns. 
TE 
‘ 
! 
74 Suburban V A, auto loaded beautiful vehicle $46*5 *32 596o 

1*7$ Apache E a e lt 4oo. n e ve r 
Used, $1193 IOU F obutou*______ 

AVION 
Travel T ra it*! * M otor Homos 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 
Motor cyclo tra ile r, 2 rail. Kester 7*17 ROOSEVELT 
$32-4o61 ca rrie r SISO 4o1-M2I ofter B IS JI* BOLES AERO 
Trowel trotte r, 
RT" telly sett contained and carpeted. 
MUST SELL 
*o1 2oo4 
Yamaha 45o. $59$. 924-t7$4 
Camper for long br l l NORTON OSO CO M M ANDO. M I D iu ry. 914 M72 pickup S7S. 

H igh Rise, M any E x tra s ! Low ,Camper O' ref. double bod. toble. mileoge, Cleon $1o9$ ASI oo24 cabinet, Ilk * now S4M *99-o7oo 
M D P /E 
C LE A R A N C E OF RV. 1*72 A ir- 
63) 7916 between 4qm 4pm 
: stream, l l ft., 1*7* Cochman. 33 ft. 
S A C R IF IC E . 
‘ 7$ 
H A R L E Y ; MU wheel, 1974 Sunflower. 4o It. 
DAVIDSON Sports tor, m ust t o l l 'p o rk modo) K e rrv ille . Tx C all im m e d ia te ly , S.OOOmitos E xce l [ catted. (S t!) 347 SMI___________ tent! S2oSo. 341 1o64 
SAN ANTONIO CYCLE SALES 
KAW ASAKI Sates, S*rvico. Parts K C 
313 NAKOMA 
4*4 5254 I 71o WEST 

CLOSE OUT SALE, 1*7* 
CAMPING TR A V E L TR AILER S 
' * TR AILERS 
S3** up 
AVE. 
71$-3*31 
Want to buy Trium ph 5oo or 65o. (F o re ig n T ru ck C a m pe r Cower. and 
Yamaha *5o m otorcycle* 
C7o-14 tires 316-1653_______ 
536-o247 
71 Y a m ah a )*o ce In d u ro d irt bike 33oo or best ofter 436-i:toc 
1971 Yam aha IO d irt b ike " Sell 
$173 cosh 6o4 7IM ______________ 
74 Y A M A H A DT4oo, L ike now ! 
SISO OSS 4121! 
74 Y A M A H A V I 12$, Cleanest. 24 
...................... 
Cheapest in 
Town! 
22S-IS1B |VAOo IH IS N 
Brum. 

7U ffNKTlB AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

Buy Juno Cars Iran Etc 
Aefco Aute 917 I H I 633-MIO 
Cosh fo r clean ca r* ana trucks. 
L a rry Canaan Auto Sates 
563o Son Pedro_________ o2o 4333 
COMET 34 HR TOW SERVICE 
Wo buy lunk cars, pay tap cash! 
431 56o1, *o7 S Gen M cMullen 

'76 FREE SPIRIT 
CLOSEOUT! 
Only 4 left 
$23oo 
54/oo 
653 6 7 11 
A cro ss fro m 
H o w a rd 
Joh nson's 
9 ‘til d a rk , M o n -F ri 
9-6pm Sot. I S S u n d ays 
( li f t Blazon tra v e l tra ile r F u lly j self-conto mod. bathtub, shower in r te r Tandem axle, oir cempros- to r Sloops S SHM 6S41II3 
! 1*71 u n trave l trader, fully self rontmnyq 33SH69. 

HE IM ER CAMPER SALES 
San Antonio'* Exclusive 
■ 
COACHMEN OE ALER 
H E IM E R M ake* Coachm en A l fo rd a b le ! 
T r o lle r s , 
T ru c k 
Compar*. Motor homos 914-1)16 
MonevMonev-Money or your car or truck runnine or , 
* ; ■— - ° 7 it Any condition Cell anytim e.1*" hootth forces sal#-M o liday 
For not 
111 434* 

PAY TOP PRICES w recked car* end Ti 
For i 
A l AUTO PARTS ru ck* 
222 I t l l 

•QUICK CASH* 
AND TRUCKS RUNNING 
OR NOT! 
224 2245 

CARS 

SURPLUS 
T R U C K S 
4 

SELLING YOUR C ARI h i prices paid for clean cars 
Trucks, MC t i l IM I 

TUP MONEY PAID! 
PW year Car. ar Truck Runnmp 
*r mat' Any condition, also Junks 
*21 MIE 

USED CARS CLEAN 
SMITH CREVROLET 
I t i l l B K O A P A A Y _______ 123 AI S! w onto/: tSs* Bete* rtahl tender with 14) parts AS) $o*2 
M A N TE O 
Jeep Woaon E a rly 
Its# * model Cand at drive!**# 

4* Pjprtgr station wage** Shakily damaged, needs Body work SAM 
M E EWE 
_______________ 
"VT ?*e1t#T~v a n le t*- T d rY 'd T f. rad**, stand shirt SMM Arte* I an v time weak ands 

 ake ever e a t ' rkbted 
(•b ird Na aau'ty oats oh 74 Pi 
Co" 124 M i l i o n n u tempest 
Aer * 
Out* bros batta* y t e x t deed 
• 2i r t / i ,2*o* . 

'74 Ford Bronco x wneot d riv e 
A u to m a ta 
Very clean SAISX 
SM-6ISS artar / els SM) 
4* f’ o I O C*7M ftdW M .hest.S AS) 
Dotter! tw ir l engine 7)3 97)). I t m S BM 
* f | Ford Caslam window Von, 
* passenger 
V I , gut* Waded 

A R M Y TRUCKS 
4*4 WD 
B ItA U BAC H Equipment U t U lt fade aver payments en 74 Chevy pickup Ne equity Call l i t Of IS osk tar Fred Artar I H I f i l l 
I aka ae a i aa* mamie an f | Cha** H B M M L J H H M i a.I sup Ne equity Can SIA le t* net important 9*$ M79 
•ak tar Dennis k n a r I at nit# cad j '' Bl rT 
1 
T'~~ 
M M M * 
■ i , ten t i t Chevy Pickup .wad,a camper sited eM anner hitch ta w rn* St SM 11*9 I H I 
T Tan H i) Ford F ll# VI. aute 
M i ait metal tea* bed with goo 
Veneta beek a# D IM I la lex* 

 ufo P u k ap air rodia 
»!*•# ar bast efte* 

Rombter, Mkt naw, oil hitches and 
| extros, 2S‘ inside $$,ooo Alaskan 
Camper tits I ’ bod Also Saba re station wagon 
M.BM mites. 
, IST M M 
_________________ i*7 ) LA R k IS '«1 tra vel tro ller 
Semi self contained E x cellen t tondrtton SI6o6 firm 456-o49) 

M OBILE CAMPER 
Mid Jot. 7 x IO smote axle. IS rn, tires, sink, stove and refrigerate! 
Quod cond *47) XOS-*7 it_______ 
Nxw Camper shod oil aluminum. 
I BEAS 921 )426 
______________ 
Now Pop'up'Camper far Pick u* bor gum' 1 )79*569 artar 6 a rn 
? r NU WA STH W H I E l 
)$ KOUNTRY AIRS STH wheal 
WITN IIP OUT ROOM 
Good sale chan et ITH wheals and usod traitors sons* re erat em en I cost 
TRAVEL TR AILER CENTER 
4/9o Roosevelt et Stinson a lei* 
7). ll 
6 PA N ROAD Cabover cam per with taro boot. tail#!. stoops $■ $1)59 ort 4 pm eft IIS* 

PICKUP 
COVERS r ift Agone Hwy r n 

•WE B U Y * 
TRUCKS 
JUNK CARS 
For 
(trip # 
43$ JIM 

WF BUY 

SHS 

Junb (PTS ana 
AsAJkMjCor^Maa truces ass lip* 

L W |7 
.III 
TU TMI M i M 
M 
U 
DRIVE EN TR UCK IA I VA D E 
PIC K U P TRUCK K A K IS ta i Lprgrto Hwy *14 4311 *16 4311 

Additional 
Classified 
On Pages 4J 

Square dancing in White House ? 

27,ooo Texans ready to twirl 

HEARTTHROBS 
FROST BROS. 

LOVE BITES. Godiva chocolates in the heart shape Valentine box. Vi lb., 8.5o; 

I lb. ,13 OO; 1 ^ lb ,2o OO Ours exclusively,Godiva Boutique, North Star Mall. 

FROST BROS. 

-B y ---------------- 

SUSAN BOE 

Square dancing has moved from the barn into the ball­ room and soon may move in­ to the White House ii Presi­ dent Jim m y Carter has his wish. 
It" the executive m ansion does open its doors to square dancers. 
President Curter won't be the only 
“ paw’’ (m an) swinging his “ taw” to a hoe-down beat. 
Square dancing is becoming as popular in the 197IK as it was in the 
187os. 
There are 5.ooo square dancers in San Antonio alone, es tim a te s 
Charles "M ac" McClure, president of the1 A lam o A rea S q u are and 
Round Dance Association. 
“ T h a t ’s a lm o s t d o u b le the n u m b e r of d a n c e rs a few y ea rs ago," claims McClure who with his wife Rose has been dancing for IO years. 
Texas boasts 27.ooo dancers and ranks with California and M ichi­ gan as the top th re e s ta te s in num bers of “ prom enaders." 
The national square dance con­ vention iii San Antonio in 1974 at­ tracted a respectable IS.OOO p e r­ sons who d an ced until the wee hours in front of the Alamo. But by last sum m er s convention in Ana­ heim , Calif., the* n u m b e r of n a ­ tio n a l p a r ti c ip a n ts sw elled to 
4o.ooo. 
A |»pit* pic* 

All this excitement is about a slice of Americ ana so old it m akes apple pie* look German. McClure reports that forms of square danc­ ing w ere found iii the colonies almost throe centuries ago. 

Even n itll (lif>lom<t in h and. d ancers aren I fully et/tupped to pro- m e n a d e until t he y dress the part. 

Square dancing is believed by many to be an American invention, 
McClure says. “ It’s a combination of the English Morris Dance, the 
French minuet, the polka, walt/ and Mexican dances. 
O riginally the dancing helped pass the long winters in rural com­ munities but after World War II it became “ citified.” 
San Antonio, for example, has the state's second largest square dance association (Dallas-Fort Worth is first) with some 45 clubs on tin’ roster. 

LilVstv lf 
As this tv po of dancing “ got c ul­ ture*" it also evolved from a simple, social get-together until toclav ll s almost a way of hie. 
Mac and Rose, for example, go dancing at least three nights a week 
A retired Army colonel. McClure* 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
Scene 
'GGBt&r WlmKKamm TRK MMM 

Sunday Feb 6 1977 

^ 
Page 
I -E 
^ 

 admits that one of the reasons he wanted to retire in San Antonio was because of the* square dance outlets here. “ It s added at least Kl years to my life," McClure* beams. lh* is not alone* in his enthusiasm. 
Charlie* and Dorothy Anderwald. presidents of tin* Bexar Squares 
Club. also dance* at least three* times a week. “ Some friends got us interested about four years ago. 
We’ve met more people and had m ore fun than anytime* in our lives.” 
The Andervvalds are typical of 
San 
A ntonio s q u a re d a n c e rs —friendly, m iddle-aged, parents of grown children and re­ gular c hurc h attenders. 
“ B ecause s q u a re d an c in g in­ volves such a time com m itm ent, m ost of tis a re o ld er and have raised our families,” explains Mrs. 
Anderwald. 
H owever, the p a rtic ip a n ts in­ clude* all ages and types. 
T here are about 15o teen-age* sq u are d a n c ers in San Antonio vv iii Ie some of the hoofers are in their 7os. One club is for singles only (Don't plan on staying single if you join. w arm s McClure*). 
Although many of the dancers trac e* their roots lo the country, an equal amount are c ity folks. 
Square dancers also come from all walks of life. “ You'll find blue collar workers, lawyers, doctors, executives, teachers, every occu­ pation dancing together," observes 
Rusty Fennell, a sq u a re dance caller.) 
“ We don’t care what a man s occupation is—we just care if he can danc e." adds McClure. 

R e a i s o n i n v 

W hy sc|uure dance? 
It s great exercise, c laim many enthusiasts. ( “ It s classified as a sport by Sports Illustrated.'' notes 
Harold G raham , a veteran caller. 
But the main reason is the fel­ lowship. Most square dancers’ best friends are also dancers. As Mary 
Lee Graham noted. “ We don’t see as much of our friends who don't square dance.” 
Ads iii monthly newsletters urge square dancers to buy real estate from fellow d a n c e rs w hile memlxers of this 
“ fraternity” even have their own CB channel— 
( batoid 4 
Bill Lee. president of the Dudes aud Dolls club. enjoys the family fellowship available* through the* do-si-do enthusiasts “ We* feel it's the cleanest form of adult enter­ ta in m e n t available*. I have* a 

H e’s calling the shots 

'Chicken in the bread p a n . 

Kit kin out don/lh. 

Take Muir lady. 

A n d Do-si-do. 

That is one of many folksy poems that Handel G raham effortlessly e-ulle*d into the microphone during a dance* co-sponsoreel by the* B exar 
S q u ares and Dudes & Dolls 
Clubs at Coker l ulled Metho­ dist Church. 
Over UMI dancers tpiickly followed the* call as G raham 's 
“ putter" continued. 
P re s id e n t of th e 
San 
Antonio Caller s Association, 
Graham is used to c alling the sh o ts —lie's been a sq u a re dance caller for IM years. 
“ I call almost three* nights a we*ek,” says G raham , whose* schedule has e*ase*el iii the la st few years. 
He was sharing the duties that night with Husty Fennell. a relative newcom er to the caller trade* with four years behind a mike. 
As any geed sijuare dancer know s, a c a lle r m a k es or breaks a dance 
“ AH of the responsibility for a giHsl time* is the caller s '* agrees Fennell who keeps his eye on the* three front squares to sc*e if the dancers are in step with his calls 

VI nsit* 
Not only does the c a lle r nam e the moves, he brings the music with him. 
Live music went out with barn dances ami now dancers rely on special square elatice res ends—a tug business iii Its own rigid 
Each caller tuts atloid *1 HOU worth of stereo esjuipmcot ami nu m ero u s reco rd s (costing 

HAROLD G R A H A M 
Antonio caller. 

$2,25 each I which he carts with him to dances. 
The re c o rd s in clu d e the more traditional breakdowns and popular lu n es—hoth of which are equally usee I ut d u b functions 
P u tte r 
For the* uninitiated, square* darning is divided into tips 
The first part of flu* tip fea­ tures a hoe down tune with the* caller s h a k in g Iii rhyth­ mic lieut known as patter 
I he secoml pm! ut the till Is a s in g in g c a ll whe*re the movements are intcrst>«*rsed wuh wonts to a popular semg 
Viler each hp darners rest a lew m in u te s and change* partners 

 is a veteran San 

I sually the d a n c e rs d o n ’t know what lite next call will 
Im*, s o everyone must stay on 
Ills or her teees to keep ft'olll tangling up the* sq uare 
Tliere are Mi cullers i i i the area Glo w o m e n i, who may make up lo $4u a night (Top cullers i i i Dallas often eiraw 
I ’M* 
Fe nnel! notes i 
Beginners usually elonate th e i r s e rv ic e s ju s t fo r the experience 

I ike* squall* d a n c in g , culling req u ire s hours aud hours of practice “ I ness I lo practice* every el.iv 
(Utahan! e out ides “ ti I miss a etav 
I 
•ll it I Hits et two days tov 
* an wife 
I lire** 

 tell 
What makes a good caller? 4 
Rhythm, voice clarity, le*a- der ship qualities, show m an­ ship aud m aterial selection,” says G raham who spices al­ most evcry call with colorful rhymes or say mgs. 
Although callers are a dedi­ cated hunch, the* majority are m o o n lig h te rs who sw itch from business suits to \\t*s- tern shirts at night Graham , for example*, is vice* president of a local hank while* Fennell is an ex-school ham! director. 
A fe*w callers are* proles* stoiials hut "it's a harel life and requires endless travel.” 
G raham explains 
In aeldition to calling for clubs, callers ft*ach the* square* dom e* classers. 
Dame* with your ears,” 
G raham urges Ins students, noting Hie* concentration re*- quired in square- darn ing 

 l ait ( lull 
Each club tise*s one* loller for all its d am es aud classer although a taller may work for several clubs 
Once* a caller has some ex- perience under his feel, lo* develops quite a following ami will have fans show up lust to hear him i ud Feruled** fan e Intl proudly wears a badge* 

’ait te days the ted lf I I darnel s 

Qfe mmm 

MEMBERS of Dudes and Dolls and B ex­ ar Squares Clubs get together at Coker 

 photos eon m diam « 
United M ethodist Church for a night of dancing and fellowship 

THERE’ S n o th in g lik e a little f e llo w rock1 (a friendly hug) to start or end a dance with your favorite partner 

OFFER GOOD 
WHILE 

The Ultimate Portrait Package in Classic Color*., 

• i i 
J A # Pt lMk Kl 

Tuesday & Wednesday Feb. 8th & 9th 
Wednesday, Feb. 9th ONLY 

Winn's # 1 1 3 * 4386 Callaghan Road 
Winn * * 8 • 16o* So. N .w Braunfels win(|,$ # , , , . t M 5 |am )tfo Reod 

Winn's i t 73 * 13o Valley Hi Mall 

Winn's 4*11o-219-B w . Oaklawn, 
Wednesday & Thursday, Feb. 9th & 1oth 

Pleasanton, Tex. 
Winn's 4*75 * 4o22 West Commerce 

Thursday, Feb. 1oth ONLY 

Winn's 4*2 • 3o18 Nogalitos Street 

Winn's 4*32 * 2625 W. Southerns 

Winn's 4*43 - 5241 Walzem Road 

Winn s 4* 135 • 9o5 Pleasanton Road 

Winn's 4*87 • 361 Landa Street, New Braunfels, Tex. 

Friday & Saturday, Feb. 11th & 12th 

Winn's 4*58 . 1842 So. W W. White Rood 

W inn’s 4*4S • 2o17 Goliad Rood 

W inn’s 4*48 * 422 Impire Plata 

Winn s 4* 123 • 11411 Perrin Beitel Road 

Winn i # 9 • 926 Pat Booker Road, Universal City 
Winn's 4* 1o6 • IOO last Hondo, Devine, Tex. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

Musical Club sets competition 

Pillows of 1oo% Dacron polyester 

Fiberfill . . . You get I king-sized 

 pillow w ith each tw in set; 2 pil­ 

 lo w s w i t h e a c h d o u b le set; 2 

 q u e e n - s i z e d p illo w s w ith e a c h 

 a u e e n set, a n d 2 king-sized pil­ 

 l o w s w ith each king set. You will 

 tre a s u r e th e ir h e irlo o m com fort 

 a n d adore their modern conveni- 

2'8xl(W-5x7 
8-Wallets 

W U U IS 
BRING A 
FRIEND! 

Entire Pkg. 
*1o.96 

Less Deposit 
- .98 

*9.98 
Balance - 
D elivery 

Entire Package Orders Only 

As Shown 

Satisfaction G u a ran teed 

 or D eposit R efu n d ed 

• All Ages - Tell Your Friends! 
• Groups $1oo Extra Per Person 
• Fast Delivery - Courteous Service 
. LESS THAN 924 A PICTURES 
• Made on Kodak Ektacolor Paper. 
W U U IS 

H O U RS: 

IO o.m.-I p.m .; 2 p.m. 6 p.m. 

 b i. til 7:3o, Sat. til 5:3o 

The REAL variety store. 

J A M E S H A R P o f H o lly ’ s H a rp fashions and m odel A n n Lynn join 
Richard Frontm an, Frost’s executive vice president, at a party 
Frost’ s hosted in Los A n g e le s for C a lifo rn ia designers. 

Deposit When 
Photographed 

California coming our way 

The fashion “ weather fore­ cast" is for California sunshine and Pacific Ocean breezes to move into San Antonio Satur­ day. 

This West Coast “ front” will he accompanied by flowers (hundreds of dozens), art exhibits, wines, cheeses, travel brochures and multiple sou­ venir items of our sister “ sunshine state.” 
And that’s in addition to the Cali­ fornia VIPs who’ll be here, and the exciting prizes to he awarded. 
Frost Bros. will present a salute to 
California beginning Saturday and extending through February. Every­ body is invited to visit Frost’s three 
San Antonio stores (downtown. North 
Star Mall and in the Hilton Palacio del Rio), as well as the Northeross 
Mall store in Austin. 
(Creative 
During the “ California Gold Rush’’ there w ill he personal appearances of 
‘JI designers or other fashion execu­ tives representing 18 of the state’s foremost firms. 
The salute to the creative people of this world fashion center will he launched with a show at I p.m. Sa­ turday in Frost’s Court at North Star 
Mall 
Before or after the show, the public is invited to enjoy all the California displays — including wine and cheese 
— and to meet the executives and designers of the firms to he featured. 
These include Mel Lisiten, presi­ dent, and his fashion associate, Den­ nis Lowiselle, of Pat-on-the-Back‘ 
.Junior Fashions; Marvin Schultz, fashion envoy from Young Edwar­ dian; and Al Fishman, president of 
Cirette, a division of Alex Colman. 
Other California labels to he pre­ sented in the opening show and feu- 

Tuesday Musical Club is now accepting applica­ tions for its piano contest. 

Any serious student of music between the ages of 18 and 24, who is a resident of Texas or who 

Award; $4o1), third place. 
Selma Tucker Memorial 
Award, and $3oo, fourth place, 
Zulime 
Herff 
Simpson and 
Albert 
Herff-Beze 
Mem orial 
Award. 

Another feature of the salute is the 
“ California 77 Art Exhibition" on view Saturday at North Star Mall and in Frost’s other stores beginning Feb. 
14. To interpret what contemporary 
California artists are doing, this ex­ hibit includes more than IOO paint­ ings, drawings, prints and sculpture assembled by the Mitzi Landau Gal­ lery. 
Says Arnold E. Kinsler, who heads 
Frost’s California buying office. “ We do everything with great zest here! 
And one thing we do better than the rest of the world is to create clothes that suit our own design for living, which we feel is similar to Texas liv­ ing.” 

 erica. 

 turn! in subsequent shows will be 
Holly’s Harp, Stanley Sherman. Car­ ey Petites, Jody, Helga, Strauss, 
Scarlet Speedwell and Gwen Jackson 
(handbags). 
Everyday throughout the re­ mainder of the month, there will be one to four collections (with personal appearances by designers or execu­ tives) at various Frost’s stores. 
Among the favors to he awarded (as long as they last) are Magic Mountain glass coasters as well as embroidered patches to tack on blazers and T- shirts. Menu collectors will find them from some of California’s best- know n attractions. 
Too registration prize during the 
California salute will be a round trip to Los Angeles for two via American 
Airlines luxury jet 727 with a week’s stay at the colorful Hyatt Regency 
Hotel. Three prize trips for two will he awarded and each includes com­ plimentary tours to points of interest in an around the “ City of Angels.” 
A number of junior fashions w ill he given as attendance prizes at a gala at 
3 p m. Saturday, Feb. 19, in the North 
Star Mall Junior Shop. 
Art exhibit 

FREE! 

POLYESTER FIBERFILL 
PILLOWS 

W ith your Purchase of a 
SERTA 

PERFECT SLEEPER® 

MATTRESS 

AND 

FOUNDATION 

QUANTITIES 
LASTI 

. V - 

H r1™ yV-’ .. 

4® 

^ S S g4i.i. i 
I [ i I f tr- '- — 
. | |i 

Twin 
Size 

• Full Size 

 a Queen Size 

 a King Size 

•!a V 
K 
V 
V iV S ~ Y rc r^ Jf 
$ r jr- 
A 
» f j 
A v" 
J U i 
V / c 
„yf| 
V 

PERFECT SLEEPER SUPREME' 
1/2 PRICE 

 th e SLEEP SHOP 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-S444 

3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD 
736-5878 f f f ll Q U IV E R Y 
A U t UR 

FEBRUARY SALI 

Children s show will be given 

 now attending a school the State of Texas, is 
Migible to compete. Time 
'Pent in military service nay be deducted. 

Applications must be submitted by Tuesday. 
'oh. 15, to Mrs. Joe Fra­ ser Brown, 112 Coventry 
-n.. San Antonio 782o9. 

Competition will he at 
IO a m. Saturday, Feb. 
26, in the Tuesday Musi­ cal Club clubhouse. 
A fee of $5 is required for entry. 
The following cash awards will be given to winners of the contest; 
$6oo. first place. Lucite 
Scrivener 
Memorial 
Award; 
$5oo, second place. 
Artist Series 

An evening of fun is being planned for hear­ ing impaired children of 
San Antonio at 7.45 p.m. 
Friday in the John Jay 
High School auditorium. 
Ladies Oriental Shrine of North America will present 
Las Bayasas 
(clowns) directed by Flo 
Lester. Ladies Oriental 
Shrine Patrol directed by 
Martha Biggs and Las 
Charritus (dancers) dir­ ected by Charlene Car­ penter. 
Others participating in the program will be the 
Ruth Ellis Dunce Studio, 
Floyd Hamilton, lariat artist and juggler. Ru­ ben Madrigal, magician and Kelly Francis, mime. 
Program is sponsored by the San Antonio Re­ gister of Interpreters for the Deaf (SARID) which is a non-profit organiza­ tion 
SARID serves the deaf and hearing impaired ol the com m unity by pro­ viding a more effective list* of interpreters, creating awareness among the general public and to provide leadership training and conduct workshops for the pur­ pose1 of increasing their professiunal skills. 
Tickets may be pur chased from 
SAKI IJ members or at the door. 

Association net** coffee 

Battle of Flowers A s s o elation will hold its Fe bruary memhershi| meeting Tuesday it 
Emily Wells Brown Win), of Mc Nuv Art Institute 
Cuff** will la* served al 
ID a rn * followed by I business meeting al 
IO til 
Mines 
Van 
Henry 
Arc her. Huston Munson and Ru bes Weott will tx 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Fab 6 1977 '* Poge 
3 

ANNE KLEIN turns the season 

 with elan, here, tram her latest collection 

 tor sunny itineraries, the softly sculpted peasant blouse, 11o.oo. 

 the apron skirt, in double layers of 

 softness, 13o.oo. each in magenta/teal or copper/purple 

 silk for 4 to 14 sizes, designer sportswear, downtown 

 and north star mall. 

Marlene Sanders, ABC 
News vice president and director of television do- curpentaries, will be the guest speaker at the 26th annual 
M atrix 
Table 
March 18 in San Antonio. 
The event is sponsored by 
W om en in C o m m u n ic a tio n s 
Inc. (WICI), an international professional organization with m em bers in all fields of com ­ munications. 
F e s tiv itie s will begin at 7 p.m. with a cocktail reception, followed by dinner and awards c e re m o n y , in th e A n acaeh o 
Room of St. Anthony Hotel. 
Leona Pappas is chairm an of 
Matrix Table. 
Miss Sanders will share the spotlight with four local career women. Each will receive the 
1977 H e a d lin e r A w ard from 
WICI for o u tstan d in g p ro fes­ sional and community achieve­ ment. 
One of five ABC News vice presidents. Miss Sanders is re­ sponsible for the selection of subjects and the execution of productions for the entire do­ cum entary departm ent. 
She has produced and written som e of the m o st ac claim ed and hard-hitting p ro g ram s in the ABC News Closeup series. 
Documentary 
Among her m em orable docu­ m en tarie s is "T h e Ritrht To 
Die,” which explored disturb­ ing ethical and legal issues 

A B C -T V e x e c u tiv e M a rle n e S a n d e rs when there is no hope of reco­ very of the sick. 

The d o cu m en tary received the Ohio State Award, the Front 
Page Award and the W riters 
Guild of America Award. 

Her other Closeup p ro d u c­ tions include " P r i m e T im e 
T e lev isio n : 
T h e 
D ecision 
M akers,” and “ Lawyers: Guil­ 

 ty as C h a rg e d ," a study of la w y e rs’ eth ics, co m p eten ce and fees. 
Miss Sanders is one of tele­ vision’s most honored journa­ lists. F or her d o cu m en tary , 
“ Women’s Health; A Question of Survival.” she received a 
197B Clarion Award in the an­ nual WICI-sponsored national awards program. 

M M E S . N E D M ILLER, H.E. W in k e n h o w e r a n d G u s Sch n ab e l p re p a re fo r G ir l’s Council A u x ilia r y ’s V a le n tin e S ilv e r Tea 

She received a Golden Eagle 
Certificate from the Council on 
In te rn a tio n a l N o n th e a tric a l 
E v e n ts and a 1973 C lario n 
Award for her one-hour special, 
“ Women’s P lace,” an exam in­ ation of the changing role of women in today’s society. 
Award 

In 1971 she received the WI- 
CI’s National Headliner Award as one of the nation’s top com ­ municators. 
As ABC News correspondent. 
Miss Sanders covered Israeli 
P rim e Minister Golda M eir’s 
U.S. visit in 19B9 and the White 
House wedding of Lynda Bird 
Johnson in 19B7. She also toured 
Vietnam on assignment in 19HB. 
When the ABC vice president joined the network in 19B4 as a correspondent, she becam e the first women to anchor a major network s evening newscast. 
In 1971 she filled this position again on the S aturday night ed itio n of "A B C W eekend 
News.” 
Miss S an d ers en d o rse s no particular pattern for moving into television m anagem ent ex­ cept by building up experience, credibility and a good reputa­ tion. 
The journalist will speak to c o m m u n ic a tio n s c la s s e s at 
Trinity U niversity before a d ­ dressing the Matrix banquet. 
Ja n Sm ith is president of 
WICI. Tickets for tin* reception and dinner are $12. For reser­ vations contact Alpha Scherf or 
Mrs. Harry Curnutt. 
Tea is slated 

Girl’s Council Auxiliary of Girlsville Inc. will have its Valentine Silver Tea from 3 to 5 p.m. Sunday, 
Feb. 13, in Girlsville. 
The tea is the auxiliary’s only fund-raising event of the year. 
Proceeds are used for the care of te e n a g e g irls re s id in g at 
Girlsville. 
Mrs. R N. White, assisted by 
Mrs. J a m e s B. Burwell is in charge of the receiving line. 
A m ong th o se re c e iv in g g u e s ts will be M ayor Lila 
Cockrell, Ju d g e Carol Haber- m a n , J u d g e Rose S p e c te r, 
Judge Carolyn Spears. Dr. Ri­ chard L. Dickson, president of 
Girlsville and Mrs. Dickson. 
Also, Mr. and M rs. Lelon 
Cude, Col. Henry Rockstroh go­ vernor of South Central Texas 
O p tim ist I n te r n a tio n a l and 
Mrs. 
Rockstroh, and the Kl 
I97B Express-N ew s O u tsta n d ­ ing Women of the Year. 
Also, Mrs. Ned Miller, presi­ dent of G ir l’s Council A uxi­ liary. 
African culture, life will be topic 

Jock and Betty Lesiie-M elville of 
Nairobi. Kenya, will speak and answer questions of on African life, culture and politics at 7:3o p m. Wednesday, 
Feb. IB. in the U niversity of T exas 
Health Science Center auditorium 
The presentation by these photogra­ phic safari leaders is entitled “ Afri­ ca's Our Home.” 
The special lecture with film clips is sponsored by the UTHSC Wives Club and tic k e t sa le s will b en e fit the 
Center’s Athletic Facilities Fund, 
Jock Leslie-Mel\ ilk*, grandson of a 
S cottish E a rl and now a citiz en of 
Kenya, was raised on the edge of a 

 re m o te fo re st an d g a m e p r e s e rv e where the animals were a part of daily life. He was executive officer to Ken­ ya’s first interracial political party and worked closely with Daniel Moi, now 
\ ice president of Kenya. 
Betty is an A m erican from B alti­ m ore who a tten d e d J o h n s H opkins 
University before moving to Africa. 
She interviewed former Em peror Baile 
Selassie of Ethiopia and helped pro­ duce a documentary on that country. 
F o r tic k e ts , sen d $5 c h e c k s to 
UTHSCSA Wives Club, Mrs. Kenneth 
G. Gould Jr., 151 Algerita Drive, San j 
Antonio. Texas 7823o 

THE L e s lie -M e lv ille s o f N a ir o b i, 
K e n y a 
BSP scheules 
Sweetheart tea 

Ara mo City Council, 
Bela Sigma Phi will hold its Sweetheart Tea from 2 to 4 p .in. Sunday in 
H a rp e r s C o rn er Party 
House. Xi O m icron Chi 
Chapter is in charge of the tea 
A ssisting a re ^Milles. 
Kay Kraft, Valentine Bail chairman; Philip Kulbes. tea ch airm an , and D or­ othy O 'Rear. treasure** 
Each of the 27 chapters ha* selected a represen­ tative for the hall 

T he Sweethearts a re 
Hose M arie G a l l a w a y , 

P at 
G oodw in, 
Susan 
Wood, Cheri Clark, Kay 
Cresson, Ginny Boehm. 
Sheryl E m m ons, Lynne 
Marlowe, P am Kussek, 
Maritha 
Burmeister, 
E lu m D eW erff. M a d s 
Brown, 
Also, Sherry S lak e s, 
Nancy S u g g s, E velyn 
Link 
A lice G en n e ro , 
Belive C am pbell, Edith 
Burns, Carot White, lu*a 
P fe iffe r, 
K u th an n e 
K ulbes. 
B a rb a r a 
McClain. Re mn* Mochel, 
B arbara Gonzalez. Ju a n ­ ita B onillas, H en rietta 
Viaiieunir and Jo) Hoyt. 

THE VICTORIA ROYAL 
SPRING EVENING GOWN 
COLLECTION IS BEING 
PRESENTED IN ALL ITS 
GLORY WEDNESDAY, 
DOWNTOWN ON THREE; 
AND THURSDAY, NORTH STAR 

MALL ON TWO. 
COUTURE SALON 

FROST BROS. 

TV exec to be speaker 

Moenches face life smiling 

Deciding to get married didn’t take long. After an introduction by a mutual friend. T ru dy and 
Hal 
Moench dated only two weeks before the big decision — but waited three-quarters of a y e a r before e x c h a n g i n g vows. 
That will be IO y e ars ago in 
March. 
Two sons. Travis ti, and Garrett 4, 

 have joined tha~Moench household. 
All four believe in enjoying life and they fill ordinary days with adventure. 
Although born in Columbus, Ohio, 
Hal grew up in San Antonio in a par­ sonage. His father, the Rev. Harold 
Moench is still on the ministerial staff of Christ Lutheran Church. 
Hal’s master’s degree is from Texas 
Lutheran College in Seguin. Hi* taught seventh graders for two years at Ran­ dolph A F B and one semester at 
Eisenhower Middle School. He then 

 fashion* 

Saucy 
Seersucker. 

Spring 's 

 fashion look, a 

 light and airy 

 dress and 

 jacket with 

 scarf tie in soft 

 tones of colors 

 on a sand 

 background. 

By Belle 

Saunders for 

A be Schrader, 

 misses sizes. 

ST 58 

53o 3 Broadw ay 
828 8 2 8 6 

 worked two years as an electrical en­ gineer for Petty Geophysical Engin­ eering Company. 
He joined I ’SAA six years ago and became manager of data processing department after being a programer and analyst. Their four-day work week gives him more time for home and family. 
Manager 
The Moenches are at that stage when family entertainment means children in pajamas, chicken in a bucket and a family movie at the drive-in. 
“ I guess I'm the world’s greatest piddler,” Hal laughs. “ If nothing else I produce stacks of sawdust to work into the ivy beds.” 
But Ins finished projects prove he makes more than sawdust. He built a unique wooden flower pot stand with interlocking parts. An antique com­ mercial ice box wit Ii glass panels from 
Fredericksburg shows his refinishing talent. 

It teas a si {rh t to behold ic hen H o i /tapered the 

 kitchen, lf e lost both 

 the fridge for 

— 
Trudy 

ALL 
IN THE 
FAM ILY 

 boy}«> and 

 n u b ile . ' 
Moench 

 lh* teaches tenth graders at Christ 
Lutheran Sunday School which he finds challenging and rewarding. He also ushers quarterly. When the first cry of 
“ Play ball" rings out this spring lie'll be playing on their softball team. 
At I SAA he has worked on the United 
Way drive in a sector of the city's business community. He’s also enth­ used about USAA’s inservice training. 
About boating — Hal has a ‘wierd’ hobby but one that pays off. For the past three years he has bought a used boat, put it in good shape, enjoyed the warm boating days and then sold it for a profit No winter storage problems! 
The coast and nearby lakes lure the 
Moench family often during the out­ door days. Camping, fishing, swim­ ming and having fun is their recipe for happy family summer days. 
Trudy adds. “ We love to go tramping through the woods in the fall crunching 

 leaves. We’ll build a huge pile and all jump in it.” 
Hal and Trudy say that their favorite spot to visit is Mexico City — “ And one day,” they laugh, “ we’re going to go there.” 

Trudy 

Trudy was born in Fredericksburg and went to school in Houston. She graduated from Trinity University and taught a year at Alamo Heights High 
School. 
She taught three years at Longfellow- 
Junior High. Her courses were Ger­ man, English, Drama, Reading, 
Speech and Special Education. 
After staying home with her young sons, she has now gone back to teach­ ing. 
“ But I ’ve found the ideal class and love it.” she says. She teaches pre­ schoolers at Trinity Weekday School. 
“ It s ideal,” she laughs, “ I can jog, somersault or do crazy fun things any­ time I’m in the mood and the children either join in or appreciate my happy mood.” 
Trudy says she’s a sun lover. “ It may sound dumb, but I love to work in the yard. I put on my swim suit and mow and clip the yard, weed the beds and wash the car — and get a terrific tan at the same time.” 
She enjoys tennis and learned to water ski at the ripe old age of 3(1. She likes going hunting with the family in 
Fredericksburg. They’ve brought back frog legs, squirrels, ducks and shot at a deer. “ We really don’t reduce the game count much,” she says. 
Keeping a neat house and cooking are other jobs she enjoys — and ner family goes for these too, especially the deli­ cious meals. 
Arts and crafts also are important to her. “ Maybe this is why I like teaching pre-schoolers. I get a chance to dabble in all sorts of things." 

 learn to be your own interior decorator 

 lim ited e n ro llm e n t in K a r o tk in ’s 

 de co ratin g course a v a ila b le n o w 

YOU CAN DO IT YOURSELF! 

 learn how to put a room together like a professional . . . how to decorate for your family's style of living . . . how to get the most for your decorating dollar 
. . . how to use things you already hove 
. . . how to re d o " and “ make-do ' 
. . . how to mix furniture styles . . . how to select the right colors . . , how to choose fabrics you can live with . , , how to avoid making expensive decorat­ ing mistakes. . . 

YOU ll GIT PERSONAL ATTENTION 

Your instructors will be Karotkm's ex­ pert 
Decorator Designers. 
They will help with your individual decorating pro­ blems, and they ll take you on a color closed circuit 
TV tour of over 
4oo beautiful “ idea rooms. 

CLASSES START FEBRUARY 22 

And they’ll be held right in our 98o3 
Broodway store. You’ll attend one 2 hour class a week for six weeks. The enrollment fee is $4o, which includes your 
Decorator's 
Packet student workbook. Four ways to pay check, cash, 
Mastercharge* and 
Bank- 
Americord *. 
CHOOSE THI CLASS 

THAT’S CONVENIENT FOR YO U 

 l l l f » l l l l \ » III O l i o 
I l l , , f 
1 'l f 

 ll h W m / i m * III o:1o 
I SI 
/ to CM „ r T:AO CM 

I h u r \ i t n \ * a i V.’.'lll I M 

C A U JAN BRO O KS 
SO O N TO ENROLL 
824-94o2 

 cill anytime dining (aguilt d o lt houri 

 arotkin’s mokao d a iy huuM o lint* m o n UM d o n t 

9 8 o 3 B r o a d w a y 

Phone Jon Brooks, 824-94o2 

Mom, you’ve been zapped 

B i r t h d a y s s o m e ­ times sneak-up from behind — especially when they com e only a few w e e k s a f t e r 
C h r i s t m a s ! 
T h i s year, I ve decided, I refuse to #<> birth­ day-shopping on the morning of m y son’s birthday dinner. 

“ Wonder what you'll get for your birthday this month?” I hinted after school yesterday. 
“ There was something 
I wanted for Christmas that I didn’t get.’’ he said. 
I knew there were a few items on his list 
Santa forgot; but 
I thought the child had forgotten them too. 
“ What was th at?” I should have known better than ask. 
"Infinity Dollars!" he answered. 
Now I remember. Ile 
DID ask for Infinity Dol­ lars. I assumed Infinity 
Dollars was a Parker 
Brothers or Milton Brad­ ley creation. 

Honest 

“ I looked for Infinity 
Dollars in the stores be­ fore Christmas.’’ I was honest with the child. “ I couldn't find it anywhere. 
Where did you hear about it? On TV? 
“ It’s just as well you didn’t get it if ifs one of those TV games." I went on. “ Remember what happened when we tried to play 
Bmg-Bang- 
Boing?” 
The tiny steel bulls which bounced from drum to drum on the television screen, instead bounced from table to floor — from shag carpet to staircase. Assuming it was designed for on-ca­ 

 mera only, I returned it to its maker. 
"Infinity Dollars isn t a 
TV gam e.” the eight- year-old said. “ Maybe 
Dad can get it He makes money doesn't he?” 
“ Your father doesn’t have time to search for games. Tell me exactly what it is,” I ordered. 
” 111 try to find it for your birthday.” 

Forever 

“ Well. . .** the child began.” ‘Infinity* means forever and forever. It s a number so high that no­ body can even write it down. It ’s us far into space as . . .” 

“ I know what ‘infinity’ means,” I interrupted. 
“ That’s what Infinity 
Dollars is.” He was ser­ ious! “ It s just dollars and dollars forever and forever . . . with more dollars and more dollars and more . . .** 
I tried. I d been taken to the mental cleaners by my own son. 

Now I no longer have to go shopping in search of a game called 
Infinity 
Dollars. But there are a couple of more important tasks 
I have to accomplish; I must make it very clear to my son that his father EARNS money — he doesn't ac­ tually M AKE it! 

And I must apologize to that toy salesman at the mall, lie s been trying since November to order 
Infinity Dollars for me. 

THE HAL MOENCHES, 

At Christmas she loves to make or­ naments and each year gifts her friends and family with a new kind — such as felt, bread dough, ribbon, etc. 
She teaches 3 to 4 year olds in Sunday 
School and helps the FTA with art projects. 
The Moenches sometimes take on painting and papering projects around their house or their parents’. “ It was a sight to behold when Bal papered the kitchen," she laughs. “ We lost both the boys and the fridge for awhile." 
Travis 
Travis is a first grader at Leon Val­ ley Elementary School. Kick ball is his favorite sport and math is his best subject. “ I beat everyone in Math today,” the eager red head exclaims. 

Travis and his brother Garrett both like going to a ranch near 
Fredericksburg belonging to relatives. 
Both like to fish, although Garrett has more fun digging the worms than ac­ tually fishing. 
Travis likes to roller skate and re­ cently tried ice skating. “ It’s cold when you fall, hi1 says. Hi* received an award for “ Most improved ice skater on his first try.” 
Travis likes to swim and learned to water ski this summer. He likes to gather firewood, toast marshmallows, sleep in a hammock and bathe in the river. 
He’s working on his bowling — so far he got nine pins — in one game. He likes paper crafts. He’s very thrifty and socks his money away. 
When grown he would like to he a motorcycle policeman like the police 

Travis and Garrett 

PHOTO BV STEVt C A M PBEII sergeant in the block. 
If he could go anywhere in the world, he’d choose Dallas. Why? Where else would he find Roger Staubach? (With a little thought, Germany sounded good, too. His aunt lives there.) 
Travis can reel off a list of pro teams he likes. Los Angeles Rams, Houston 
Oilers and Minnesota Vikings. 
Garrett 
Garrett says, “ My favorites are the 
Greenskins.” 
Garrett attends Trinity Weekday 
School and he really loves his teacher 
— his mother. 
At school he likes to slide and easel paint — especially people. He goes three mornings a week. 
His “ favorite-est" game is with his airplane cowboys. He has a set of little men in job uniforms. He loves to play his records and sing. 
Their dog. Peanut, is a hero. He protected the boys from a rattlesnake. 
“ I really like to watch Grandpa take out his teeth,” he says. "W e both laugh.” 
He’s an Oreo cookie eater so for his birthday his mother made him a huge 
Oreo. Two chocolate layers were filled with a vanilla ice cream center. The party also went to the zoo where the animals were frisky and in a party mood. too. 
When he’s grown he wants to he a soldier. He would like to march all day. 
“ Besides building our marriage ar­ ound the church, we also have a lot of respect for each other,” Bal says. “ We think by doing things together we are strengthening our marriage.” 
NEXT W EEK : Meet the Fosters 

 contest 

Hearty stroganoff 

, Hearty dishes like stro­ ganoff are delicious winter fare. Send your favorite beef stroganoff recipe and enter the next 
San Antonio News food section contest. 

Five dollars will go to the person entering the l>est stroganoff recipe by mailing it to Food Editor, 
The News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 7H2H7 be­ fore Feb IO, 

Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of 

 paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your name, giving your ad­ dress and daytime tele­ phone number. 

Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one entry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 

The winning stroganoff recipe will be published 
Feb 24 Watch for the winning Valentine des­ sert recipe on Fob Kl aud the winning crepes recipe on Feb 17. 

Cupids dream come true 

...an Eternal 

Long after all the lacy confections have crumbled, this enduring token of true love will be awakening tender thoughts. It's 
Royal Doulton's very spec ial Valentine 
Plate for 1977 .. . second in a wonderfully sentimental series. The charming Victorian boy and girl haloed in nosegays on a delicately embossed bone china plate are circled with pure gold. The reverse side is festooned, too, with a loving poetic message. Elegantly cased for presentation, this forever Valentine is just for someone you love . . . or yourself! With gift box, $25. 

N t W A C C O U N T S t N V IIID 
N t VtB A N V IN Ti BL ST O B C ARR V IN O C H A R O ! 

AuLi A * Tm B O 'X j H S A l U * U * V IO OTI A m 
TG J JO B w 

HOUSH** n 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

. . . . . . 
... i v . 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Page 
S E 

Big top-soft skirt’ dress in spaced taupe and w hite crepe is from the K asper for 
Jo a n Leslie spring collection to be p re ­ sented M o n d a y and T uesday at Ju lia n 
G old , Inc. 

San Antonio's favorite milliner, Jack McConnell will be at Paul 
W esley Hodges M onday and Tuesday with his spring-summer hats. M odel wears exaggerated cuff-brim style and matching scarf in hand-painted fabric. 
Fashion calendar 

Travis Park Jewelers 
N e x t to the Blue B on n et H o te l Lo b b y 
4 2 8 N . St. M a r y ’s 

Diamond Specials 

5 Carat Man’s Cluster Ring 

% 

I 

7 large brilliant full cut diam onds set in a m assive I 4 kl. yellow gold m ounting 
$ 3 ,o o o .o o value 
Q 
C O O 
O u r Price T 
# mf 

I Vj C arat fabulous solitaire diam ond set in a w ide IO M M . ladies gold band. 

A smashingly brilliant quality diam ond to be proud of 
$ 2 5 o o .o o value $ 
Q 
Q 
C 
o 
o 
O u r Price 

Buy six ways 
Cash, Budget, Layaway, BankAmericard 
Master Charge, Am Express 

Travis Park Jewelers 
N e x t to the Blue B on net H o te l Lo b b y 
4 2 8 N . St. M a r y 's 

A busy fashion schedule is ahead this week in San Antonio. 

Major fashion collections from both the East and West 
Coasts will be presented with informal modeling in some in- stanees and runway fashion shows in others. 

Two leading designers are making personal appearances. 
In calendar linter the events are as follows: 

K A S P E R FO R JO A N L E S L IE - The spring-sum m er line designed by 
Kasper for Juan Leslie w ill Im* dis­ p la y ) and informally modeled Mon­ day and Tuesday at Ju lia n Cold 
Kasper is one of the few designers to receive the Cotv Am erican Fashion 
Critics Hall of Fame Award 

The collectiun reflects Kasper’s phi­ losophy: “ Fashion this spring is ca­ sually elegant,” lie says. “ The Am eri­ can woman wears her sports clothes easilv during the day. whether she lives in the eountrv or the city...hut after dark she wants color and clothes that are alluring, feminine and soft.” 

JA C K M cC o n n e l l - Long re ­ garded as San Antonio's favorite milliner. Jack McConnell will present his spring and summer huts personally 
Monday and Tuesday at Paul Wesley 
Hodges. 

A Tennessee-born New Y o rk er. 
McConnell is considered the greatest 
“ leather man” iii the millinery busi­ ness die even sews a tiny red feather in each creation) lie s equally renowned for his flower and fabric hats and for intricate detailing. 

“ Hats must go with the ready-to- wear.” he says, 
“ hut its hard to put forth any set rules. Different clothes determine different moods A go*K l hat w i l l stay i i i style if the design is right and it isn t too trendy.” 

R O B E R T C O U R T N E Y - Texas- born Robert Courtney, who heads the 
California fashion firm which bears his name, will present his spring fashions in the Monger Smart Shops Thursday and Friday. 

Champagne. French pastries and r coffee will be served during the inlor- mal showings from lh a.rn. to 9 p m 
| 
Thursday i i i the North Star Mall store a and 9:3(1 a.rn. to 5:3o p.m. Friday in the 
McCullough Avenue store. 

Says Bernice Canille, president of the Monger Smart Shops: “ Courtney is a real pro. With his staff of designers, he has created a collection of fashions that are exciting and stimulating, but not extreme — subtle, understated and timeless.” 

V IC TO R COSTA - The entire col­ lection of spring-into-summer fashions by Victor Costa of Dallas will be shown with informal modeling Thursday and 
Friday in W olfm an’s. The store will remain open until 7:3o p.m. Thursday. 

Clothes range from sassy print sun- fun and vacation dresses with strapless and corselet tops to tissue-wcight pale taffetas for after dark. Off-shoulder peasant dresses iii new restaurant lengths are also important 

A native of Houston, Costa made his mark as a ready-to-wear designer in 
New York before returning to t exas and going into business in Dallas years ago. 

His forte is after-five dressing which lie feels comes from his years of training in Paris. 

C A L IF O R N IA S A L U T E - Frost s salute to California fashion begins with a show al I p.m. Saturday iii the court of the North Star Mull store. More about this two-week “ California Gold 
Rush” is oil page 2-K. 

 v a le n tin e n e!-kn 11 

 classic all white knit, drawstring waist, special price 

 top it with 
Izod stripe cover up 

1 9 .o o 

2 6 . o o 

 and 
Vogue visor with rem ovable, washable head band 

1 .o o 

*7e * u tid 

^ a m e lu 

7 7 o 1 H U O A illt A l 
D M O A 1*1.1/ \ 
112o -1 o I I 

S u lta n a s p lan fash io n show 

Sultanas de Bejur will have a luncheon and style show at ll a in. Wednes­ day i i i Oak Hills Country 
( bib 

Club m em bers w ill model fashions by Hally 
Petiot. Fo llo w in g the luncheon new officers will Im* installed. 

They are. Milles Earl 
( rumrine, grand sultana; 
Walter Bender, mistress of , the oasis; 
Lionel 
VVenriluiid. second vice 

 president; D aniel Lin- nurtz, third vice presi­ dent; Joh n L. Doyle, fourth vice president and Curl Rick. fifth vice president 

Also, lim es. Michael 
Davis, sixth vice presi­ dent; Ja c k Sim s and 
Thomas Moulder, secre­ taries, and Ted Cent in. treasurer. 

Mrs Corwin is reser­ vations chairman. 

If(o ity -T o I ty 1 

Complete Bath Shop 

Towels 
Shower Curtains 

Rugs 
Bath Accessories 

Fine Color Selection 

151o4 San Pedro 
494-1412 

•rookhollow Shopping ( M w jJQJ a a 

W H O are these city dudes? KEN S-TV weatherm an Ron Taylor and Mannequin 

 model Jan et dress in their Western-best for the 28th annual Stock Show and 
Rodeo opening Friday in Jo e Freem an Coliseum. Janet s navy, green and white gingham shirt is by Lady W ran g ler; her jeans with rainbow stitched flares by 
Miss Lee. Ron’s tailored put-togethers' are by le e . Fashions from K a s s o n 's. 

JM O tO BY FA I M A M M O N 

Wolfman’s 

Houston 
San Antonio 

Victor Costa's perfectly bright daytime dresses, restaurant dresses, little dinner dresses — designer clothes at tiny ($8o to $16o) prices — just in time for Fiesta! 
See his entire spring collection informally modeled at Wolfman’s 
Friday and Saturday. 
And we’re open late Friday — til 7-3o! 
VICTOR 
COSTA 
Trunk show 

/ y t 

Tfcf ft w & 
A. 

2 ISO t. Hildebrand between Broadway and 
New Braunfels 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

: I 
I T V : 
X 
I 

[p ... o 
• 
I 

 l _ 2 — 
— s - 3 

* 
I 

Al* 

I 
* i 
> 
* 
! 
\ i 

V a 

Ste 

6-DRAWER 
LINGERIE 
CHEST 

S P R 

SALE 

SAVE UP TO 
18.95 

ON SOUD NORTHERN HARDWOOD 

6-dwr. lingerie chest, reg. 98.95 

 night stand, reg. 5o.95 

3>dwr. chest, reg. 98.95 

4>dwr. chest, reg. 1o9.5o 

5-dwr. chest, reg. 115.5o 

6-dwr. chest, reg. 136.95 now *1 I 8 

4-dwr. desk, reg. 89.95 now *7 9 

3-shelf bookcase, reg. 54.95 now *49 

 now * 3 o 

 now *45 

 now *8o 

 now *9o 

 now *99 

• 6842 SAN PEDRO 
8 2 4 -7 2 4 9 

• 142 S.W. MILITARY 
9 2 4 -5 1 7 1 

U N P A I N T E D 

 l u t M i i m 
; 
C O M P A N Y 

■ 
.4* 
’' : ' » - rn 

Express-News Wont Ads 225-1666 

Spirit o f Mardi Gras reigns 

At a Night in Old New Orleans debutante reception and ball, 
Miss Heather Hopkins Douglass was presented to society by her parents, Dr. and Mrs. Clifton 
Ford Douglass .lr., Saturday. 
The foyer and d o w n sta irs of Oak 
Hills Country Club depicted a New Or­ leans c o u rty a rd w ith w ro u g h t-iro n grillwork , and scenes of that city, in­ c lu d in g th e W ish in g G ate , v isib le through the glass walls. 
Blooming potted plants and hanging baskets of fern added the effect of a garden. G arlands of Louisiana laurel up the banisters and on the balcony railing were caught with old-fashioned nosegays of pink roses, stephanotis and heather. 
Receiving 

At the entrance of the ballroom were the hosts, th e ir d au g h ter. Michael 
Fischer, her escort, and Mr. and Mrs. 
Tucker Barnes, the debutante’s spon­ sor and husband. 
Also, Miss Hillary Douglass, sister of the deb, with Edward Cassiri Som­ m er of Washington, D. C., C'lif Doug­ lass III, brother of tho deb, with Laurie 
Lewis, and Mrs. S h arrard Hopkins, grandm other of the honoree. 

Miss Douglass was wearing an Eng­ lish net Em pire gown with the bodice covered with pearled Alencon lace and with a wide neckline edged in the lace. 
The flared skirt was gathered and lifted at the back waistline, creating a modified W atteau panel 
Appliqued lace motifs were scattered over the skirt and edged it in a garland effect. 

Mrs. Douglass's gown was of cream , silk chiffon with the bodice beaded in p ea rls and irideseents. In E m p ire styling, the gown featu red a high 

By 
EVE LYNN SAWYER 

 neckline and long sleeves. 
The additional debutantes formed a second receiving line, with six of them serving at a time They each held a flower mask on a stick. 
The feeling of carnival filled the ballroom, where the Happy Jazz Band played on a pier. A 28x1.3 foot steam ­ boat with flashing lights sim ulating the moving w ater wheel was behind the pier. 
Multi-colored pastel balloons were on the ceiling and chandeliers. The buffet table skirted in pink held a tall Dres­ den epergne filled with multi-colored iris. roses, tulips, step h an o tis and heather. 
Individual tables covered in pink held h u rric a n e la n te rn s with pink candles surrounded with serpentine and confetti. 
Pa rade 

At 9 p.m. the Happy Jazz Band led a parade through all the rooms of the club. T hey w ere joined by g u es ts wearing Krewe costumes from the New 
O rleans Carnival, including Comus, 
Rex, Momus and Proteus. 
Guests were given traditional New 
Orleans presentation ball favors during the parade. They were golden doub­ loons with one side containing figures of a steamboat and jazz band players, while the other side contained the 
Douglass family crest and the debu­ tante’s name. The favors also were imprinted with the date and “ Night in 
Old New Orleans.” 
As that band marched out of the club, the Diver City Band from Arkansas took their place on the pier. This rock band played for dancing the rem ainder of the evening. 

- FABRIC && sensational 
SPRIK FASHION FABRICS 

Prices good through Friday, Feb. 11 th 
Also good Sunday, Feb. 6 th at Broadway 

EN TIR E STOCK 
PATTERNS 
Cloth Worlds 
N ew Everyday 
Low IjOW Price 

Double-Knit 
CREPE 
• UM*'-, POLYESTER rn HEM T I U I 
SO U D COLORS 

R E C . P R IC E 
Simplicity. M d.alb, 
Vogue, B utleries 

DENIM 

• Your fats trite blue jean 
RBC, 92.9S 
• 4 5 ” wide rn tOO% cotton 
• some polyester ' cotton 
• Beautiful spring colors - 4 L YARD 
W 
T I 

I NEW ARRIVAL! \ 
SEERSUCKER 

• Poly*".Mer U ct ii urn 
• beautiful Spring pi nu.* rn Solid* IS .stripes for that tire*.* or Mouse. 
*2 88 Jm 
\ m 
J 
THE EXCEL 
A a t a 
/ 
. l 
T 
\ r 
DI A N E V O N 

GRAND OLE OPRY 
DRESS PRINTS 

• 4S"tuide 
• 1oo% cotton 
• Machine Wash 
YARD 

I NEW SHIPMENT 

Cloth World Coupon 

^ M l N v j r i h t x 
\i,hhut. o u 
RI ti. 7.S 
| 

4 
4 c \ 

 s. nm 
It huh IM 
I m. I .in r h 
L a b r it a te th e m eta l p a r t * iii y o u r .u’a iii g m a c h i n e t o k e e p l l 
’ working longer 
SU 

» —Sa—.I ~— .--ZZ, 

Clot I A 
’ o o p o n J I 
KRINKLE CLOTH 

* Minturn W, sghi rn 49" it hi.’ a til md iHn finn ut ktr i 

THE EXCLUSIVE IJR )* OF 
PIANE VON FURSTENBERG* 
FEATURED IN THE VOGUE PA TTERN BOOK 
N O BILITY IN TER LO CK 
HEO. I 5.V* IO thMH VIJ. 
• KMT I (junta* Nylon 
• I OQ7c polyester 

The fashion look for all needs for spring 
YARD 

SPORTY 
ACTION KNITS 

TEA 
HOUSE 
CO O RD IN ATES 
For Spring 
• 44 MT H uh- 
• SO , Pitts*'h r 
• .VTI Ti ’iii hi 
• ILauiiiul spring * ult it 
REG. l i th 

• Face: lOO% Polyester 
• Back: 16o% Back 
* 

 rn For that Tennis dress or suit 

I l H i i i f t f 

77 

Y A M > 

BUCKS COUNTY 
DRESS & BLOUSE PRINTS 
Coordinates toamm 
97 * 

• 6 5 f, I Polyester AS I Cotton 
• Machine Wash 
YARD 

NEW SH IPM EN T 

I f l i f f f f 
Cloth World Coupon 
DOUBLE KNITS 
$122 SS 

 gAMKAMteiCAftO 

• UMI p,4\, .h r 
o 
I i r Ii J t.tru ti intuit itll ill itll, 
I.‘Hi. hu. prat . 
V I RU 

Y A R D 

DEBUTANTE Miss Heather Hopkins Douglass bows in 
Oak Hills Country Club 
Shape pudgy midriff 

—By------------------------ 
MARY SUE MILLER 

A Lovely writes: “ Soon after the first of the year 
I am going on a cruise. 
In shopping for cloth­ es, I find that too much goes on or off around the w aistline to su it m y fi­ gure. T here’s the bikini in b a th in g s u it s , w ide b elts and s a s h e s on dresses. Please give m e . som e w a is t - trim m in g advice.” 
The answer: A girl has to be in shape for clothes that accent the waistline. 
Here a re ro u tin e s th at oust o v e ra g e s of flesh quite quickly: 
1. Stand with right leg touching a low table — a coffee table, for example. 
B ending s id e w a y s in w ais t, sw ing left a rm across body and try to touch fingertips to table top. You probably cannot do it, but keep trying. 
R e p eat IO tim e s , r e ­ verse position and try to touch ta b le w ith r ig h t hand. T hrou g h o u t, aim for increased speed and rhythm . You will be on the road to a w illow y w aist w hen you g et to swaying in cadence. 
2. Standing, place fin­ gertips on shoulders and raise elbows to shoulder level. D raw sh o u ld e rs down and elevate chest; th e n , very slow ly c o n ­ tra c t w aist m u sc le s as much as (Risible. 
Hold m a x im u m c o n ­ trac tio n for IO c o u n ts, breathing deeply. Relax and repeat IO times. 
While awaiting results, try a on e-p iece e l a s t i ­ cized m aillot. I t ’s s lim ­ m in g an d in fash io n . 
Avoid belts and sash es that cannot be arranged to yo u r siz e 
— no squeezing. 

Slim m er* 
To solve the riddle of extra inches around your middle, send today for my le a fle t, M ID R IF F 
SLIMMERS. It contains quick, easy reducing ex­ e rc is e s for s lim m in g diaphragm , waist and abdomen. 
Write Mary Sue Miller in care of The Express, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Tex., 78297, enclosing a long, s ta m p e d , se lf-a d ­ dressed envelope and IO cents in coin. 

Preparing For Our Final Forwarding Address 
E very human being, at his very first coming into the world, has everything to learn. His mind is practically a blank blackboard on which his destiny can be recorded. lust how much wisdom he will gain will be determined by: how morally pure he keeps his slate, and the excellence and wisdom of his instructors. As his mind matures, he becomes a traveler whose first decision must be to choose his destination. 
After he charts his course, he must then decide which methods he will use on his journey. 
Which of two wisdoms will he choose; the wisdom of the flesh or the wisdom that divinely leads us? 
The first man says: "This is the only life there is, I do not believe in a future life." He is the one who strives to get all he can out of his short term on earth. He must take this life very seriously for he will never have another. 
Tho second man believes that his time in this world is a preparation for the next; he is the one who can enjoy both better. 
Today, Tomorrow—Twins 
Though today is all you have, keep your eye on tomorrow. Actually we need microscopes to clearly see what faces us now. Too often we become pre occupied and over-whelmed with potty problems of the moment that overcome us. 
We fail to nurture enough courage and con­ fidence to roach out for tho many greater tomorrows. This is the time when we should realize that a small trouble is like a pebble. 
Take it in hand, hold it close to your eyes and ii will blot out the whole world and put every­ thing out of focus. Take this same problem or trouble or pebble and put it in its proper perspective, view it at a proper viewing distan­ ce, then you can classify its importance. Finally throw it at your feet where you can see it at its full worth. It then becomes merely a tiny bump on the pathway to eternity. 
Let s trade our microscopes that magnify today s petty problems for telescopes that bring visions of what s ahead of us. Even though they seem to be hidden by dark clouds of fear and doubt, we must focus our sights on remote peaks that invite our tomorrows. 
Real spiritual strength and wholesome con­ fidence in our life's ambitious quality can certainly be our own real products of wisdom. 
I They teach us that today and tomorrow are true twins—twins that must never be separated. 
Let us learn to work day after day after day, not merely to finish things; rather to make our future far better—because you see. we will 
I spend the rest of our lives there. 
This will award us our final forwarding ad­ dress we pray for 
Carpets Lite Improved By Proper Vacuum 
Cleaners 
Carpet exports know that. "Ii is not how much you spend for a vacuum cleaner that makes it excellent, it is rather how efficiently it does its job that wins the award.*' 
There are two kinds of vacuum cleaners, the tank and the upright. Having spent over half century in carpet interest, my records of housewives compliments and complaints pro­ mpt me to recommend the upright. Ii most com­ pletely simulates yesteryear's sweeping and beating and airing. The built-in beater gently vibrates the carpet's surface, the revolving brush carefully sweeps the foreign top substance while the suction automatically swallows and stores them 
If your fine broadloom pills or beards or balls at its top surface, try an upright vacuum cleaner. It may bo the doctor that cures your many problems. 
Nerd Week 
We will discuss: "Rules for recognizing a practical carpet." Until then, think this over:! 
Our todays and tomorrows are like coupons 
— Not good ii detached." 
“ 
; Inquire About 
“ "“ *1 

4 Important bookit t on 
"I a rp c l t i r e ’* 
• O ’k re a l **ptakrr'i Bureau 

• P lio s f, X rite, or \ toll 
T o t ( T K rent 
• .'WH) ban P edro • £27-738, J 

I'?,--* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

PETTICOATS sw irl as M a rg ie H assold takes a whirl 

PHOTO BV H M Df AN JR 

Julian Gold, Inc. takes pleasure in 

 presenting a very Special Spring 

 and Resort Showing 

DAYDREAMS 

 and 

NIGHT IMAGES 

 by 
KASPER 

FOR JOAN LESLIE 

Silhouettes for day time are clean 

 and tailored, but after dark 

Kasper designs are alluring, 

 feminine and soft. Emphasis is on 

 fluidity, luxury, and subtle elegan­ 

 ce. 

Informally modeled all day 

M O N D A Y 
FEBRUARY 7 

TUESDAY 
FEBRUARY 8 

Kaspers fashion representative 

 will be present to assist in your 

 selections. 

 hlluMlLjO&l, lh 

4 1o9 McCullough 

It’s friendship set to music 

C ontinued (rom Page I K daughter who square dances." 
Good, dean fun is a code of square dance gatherings where alcohol is verboten before and during the dance. 
“ The ‘no drinking’ code is written into our constitution, but it’s an unwritten rule in many clubs.’’ Lee explains 
Coffee and tea are the standard fare at most clubs, though special occasions may call for cake and sandwiches. 
Lee believes the alcohol policy was an outgrowth of the early days when barn dancing developed a bad reputa­ tion. “ They tried to clean up square dancing, seeing a need for a whole­ some form of entertainment." 
Also, m any of the com plicated square dance moves would be doubly difficult for a person under the in­ fluence. 
After a visit to a square dance, you'll quickly see that dancers don’t need liquor to keep their sp irits high. 
“ You’ll never see an unhappy square dancer,’’ brags Graham, who is presi­ dent of the local caller’s association. 

^ ellow R o c k 

He may be right. Dancers greet one another with a hug (known in square dance circles as a “ yellow rock” ) as they arrive at the dance. 
Friendly “ yellow rocking" continues through the evening as men and women switch partners and squares to make the rounds. lf all this sounds enticing, don’t expect to be asked to dance when you 

 drop iii on a square dance some Friday night. Only graduates of square dance classes may participate in the “ alle­ mande lefts ”, (I know — my husband and I "dropped in.” ) 
Classes are sponsored by the' clubs twice a year says David Lane, vice' president of the city square dance association. 
Years ago a beginner only needed S to 
IO lessons to learn the* basics but now 2o classes are required to learn 75 move­ ments Still, that’s just a fraction of the 
2,ooo possible moves available. 
Not every person who completes the 
2o lessons is an automatic graduate'. 
“ We have repeaters," McClure con­ fides 
However, once a person has shown some fancy footwork, lie' receives his 
“ Bachelor of Square Dancing" which is recognized by every club iii the 
United States. 

For those who don’t sew, several shops throughout the state specialize in square dance togs, offering Western shirts, dresses, petticoats and special dance shoes for ladies. Men opt for boots or street shoes 

The majority of dancers have im ­ pressive wardrobes. “ I like' a variety of dresses. Besides, the' petticoats wear out after so many washings.’’ says 
Mrs Anderwald who counts about 2o of the full-skirted dresses and six petti­ coats in her closet Her husband has an equal number of dance shirts 

The Andervvalds have plenty of on- portunitv to show off their fancy ward robes. As members of Bexar Squares, they dance with their club bi monthly 
However, as certified dancers they can 

 dance alt week if not all night 
With 45 clubs in San Antonio, square* dances are underway every night of the week except Sundays 

All this dancing costs relat iv cly lit t It' 
- another plus for the activity, square darners point out 
( bib members pay monthly dues of $2 to $5 which cover costs for tin' caller and hall rental Dancers attend other clubs free of charge — a reciprocal arrangement. 
It all adds up to a cheap, healthy way to have fun and forget yourself 
One square dancer summarized the general feeling, “ For two and half hours your whole world is that square. 
There are no personal business or pro­ fessional problems. That’s why it s so cotton-pickin' refreshing." 

"S S III £ 

Even so, beginning dancers aren't fully equipped to promenade until they dress the part. 
For women, this means full skirts floating over petticoats with 5o to IOO yards of m aterial 
Men must wear long-sleeved shirts—another strict code in square dance circles. 
“ That’s so women don't have to grab a sweaty arm ,” explains Met lure. 
Many of the women make their own dresses with m atching shirts for hubby, while most clubs adopt a stan­ dardized outfit or material 
Your body kneads benefit of massage 

A daily massage is not part of the lifestyle of many wo­ men today, but the benefits of such care were well known to ancient Hindu doc­ tors as well as Egyp­ tian and Greek civi­ lizations. 
It s nice to be kneaded 
— and you can do it yourself. Here’s how. 
DEAR JENNIFER: 
I am on a crash diet, and my skin is getting flabby us I lose the weight. 
Could I do some massage to thighs and tummy to tone it up? — Lillian I*., 
Spokane, Hash. 
You can’t lose weight by massage, but with a combination of exercise and m assage you can tone and firm the body, improve the circulation and skin texture. 
At first, go easy and stroke, knead or rub with moderate to firm p u n ­ 

 gently knead your fingers. it between 

•y 
JENNIFER 
\ 
ANDERSON 

 sure. Most women find after a shower or bath tin' most convenient time for massage. It’s a good way to work in a rich body lotion as well. 

A reas 
Make a habit of doing it daily. Here is the way to massage various areas of the body: 
T H IG H S: Place your hands flat and gently curve your fingers to conform to contours. 
Slide the hands one after the other in a constant stroking motion toward the heart. 
G rasp a handful of flesh in both hands and lift it aw ay from the structure underneath and 

T U M M Y : 
Use both hands to pick up loose flesh, grasp it and massage it in an “ S " shape. 
It m eans the hands go back and forth in opposite directions. 
H IP S 
AN D 
B U T ­ 
TOCKS: Clench the hand to make a fist and use a circu lar motion so the knuckles press into the skin. Cover the area on hips, upper thighs and tummy. 
Also excellent for that area is hund-kneading. 
Do this by lifting an area of flesh and squeezing it with the whole hand, or kneading as you would bread dough. It works particularly well in the area of the buttocks. 

SPECIAL SALE! 
"Z A Z Z " N EG A T IV E H EEL TIE 
IN 

SA N D SUEDE. O R IG . $16; N O W $12.9o! 

OOOO OOOOO I 
G 
Guarantee 

MCCRELESS AND NORTH STAR ONLY 

This w e e k ’s date b oo k 

M O N D A Y t ti a rn 
W O M E N O F ST 
L U K E S C H U R C H , at the c h u r m 
MKI hold CO 'PO TO lt C o m m unio n follow ed bv co fiee at IO I i a m 
F 
Cloy M c D oug hy w ill p resen t 
A r tis t in A c tio n 
E « e c u t iv e b oard at toe W o m en of St 
H ik e s and the G re e n Door win be nos fesses 
TO a rn 
I N N O V A T I O N S T U D Y 
CLUB. in the hom e ot M rs H a raid T yn an M i S L e la n d P a lm e r w ill p r e s e n t 
S u p e r s t i t i o n s 
Courting ond M a rria g e 
11:1o a m 
C A S T L E 
H I L L S 
W O M A N S C L U B , luncheon in 
L o P a lo m a R e s ta u ra n t 
Ja m e s 
S c h ia v o n n e w ill s p e a k on 
T e le v is io n 
F r ie n d or 
F o e 

Noon S A N A N T O N I O C O U N 
C I L OF P R E S I D E N T S . in the 
P e r e a u » 
R o o m ot th e 
St 
A nthony H otel 
M o i 
G e n 
Jo h n 
P 
K e lly J r ,, C o m m a n d e r S a n 
A n to n io A ir L o g is tic s C e n te r . 
K e lly A F B . w ill speak an d show the film , 
The S o vie t T h re at 
J p m C O K E R S A N A N T O N I O 
C H A P T E R , A A R P , in the Coker 
United 
M ethodist 
C h u rch 
Po st 
Chopiam . Col 
Jo h n S ieg ot F t 
La m Houston w ill speok on 
The 
E x p e rie n c e s of a M ilita r y Cho p la in in a C o m b a t A r e a and 
M rs 
R o b ert G rim e s w ill d iscuss the C h an d ler C enter 
I p m 
D A U G H T E R OF P E N 
E L O P E , sill m eet in the hom e ot 
M r s 
W il l i a m 
G e o r g o c a k i s 
S e c r e t P a l p a r t y w ill fo llo w 
C ohostesses w in be M r s 
K o th e n n e M o rd o s a n d M is s M a r y 
V a m v o ra s . 
I 44 p m 
ST A P L I T E G R O V E 
N O s i l t , 
Woodmen of in # 
W orld, in the C ro ck e tt H otel tor the m eeting follow ed by re fre sh n tents l p m E L Y S I A N C L U B , in the hom e of M rs G a y le Thom pson 
I p m 
M U 
E T A C H A P T E R , 
B e ta Sig m a P h i, iii the hom e of 
M r s 
V e r t e v 
H u n t 
M r s 
Jo e 
Com bs w ill p resent 
Sp eech 
T U E S O A Y 
11:4$ a m 
C H A P T E R E U . 
P EO, w ill hold o m eeting and lu n ch e o n in the h o m e of M r s 
D ennis B la k e assisted by M m es 
J 
E 
S h a rp arid W 
S 
Jo c k o 
A tter lu n ch the g ro u p w ill ad lo a m to S ta r O a k s to r a p ro g ram l p m 
A L A M O 
M I S S I O N 
C H A P T E R , 
D a u g h te rs of the 
Rep ub uc of T y ro s in the A lam o 
Hon 
C h a iie s B a r r e r a , oust p re sident at th# T ex as H isp a n ic In s titu te w ill sp e a k on C a n a r y 
Isla n d e rs in T y ro s and B e r n a r d de G u ise /, lau n d er ut G alve sto n , 
T e ra s M rs Jo h n P B o y d w ill be hostess t e m A N A C A C H O C H A P T E R . 
N atio nal S e c re ta rie s A ssociation in the V illa E s p a n o la Ro om , in le i national A irp o rt P i agr a n i w ill fo llo w sac lo t 
R o n a ld B a i l e y , d istrict co n servatio n ist 
W ill p re sent a slide p resen tatio n on our n a tio n s n atu ral re so u rce s 
I JO p m 
O M I C R O N 
C H A P T E R 
Hr,. Eta Sorority, in 
Sr 
A n th o n y H o te l o tte r 
D u tc h treat dinner m M a d rid at t Jo h n 
L 
H o w ell w ill p re sen t the p ro g r a m on 
S e a t* 1 T e r a s W ild f lo w e r s 
M r s 
D ucJie C a s e is p ro g ram ch a irm a n 
I IO p rn 
W O M E N S A G L O W 
F E L L O W S H I P , 
S o n 
A n to n io 
N ight C h ap te r m W vu tr s Cate ter ie n ear B ro a d w a y an d Loop 
JIO 
M rs 
B eth A lv e s w ill speak 
H u sband s and e sco rts a re my ti 
Cd 
8 p m 
A L P H A E P S I L O N SI G 
M A C H A P T E R 
B e la Sig m a P h i lh the hom e of M rs 
A rt Y e a g e r who win p resent 
Sp eech 
W E D N E S D A Y t t i a rn 
A C T I O N 
A M E R 
IC A N R E P U B L I C A N W O M E N , in L ib e rty N atio n al B u n s 
M rs 
E a r l W is c h e r w ill s p e a k on 
W h a t O P E C M o o n s lo U s 
M r s M e ib e rl V a n io n d i win p re sen i a s la te le g is la tiv e re p o rt 
H o stesses w ill tm M m e s 
B 
B 
F o rd and J C 
K e lle y 

IO 
O m. 
S H A V A N O 
P A R K 
W O M A N S C L U B, in the hom e 
Of 
M r s 
M e lih d O 
J o r d a n 
A r e p r e s e n t a t iv e of th e P o lic e 
D ep ortm ent w ill speak on hom e s e c u r it y o n d O p e r a t io n (d e n f ilt r a t io n 
H o s t e s s e s w ill be 
M m e s 
W il l i a m M e y e r , P a u l 
R ich te r and D onald R y c k m a n l l :IO a rn. 
R A N D O L P H 
O F ­ 
F I C E R S ’ W I V E S C L U B , in the 
Ran dolp h O ffice rs C lub Son An tonio M e lo d ra m a T h e ate r co m p o n y w ill p r e s e n t a o n e a c t c o m e d y m e lo d ra m a 
L u n c h e o n ot 12 IS p m 
H o stesses w ill be 
M m es 
E d w a r d M u llig an . D an n y 
P ip e r. B illy H all, Ho Jo h n Jo h n son, D o ug las W a tte rs, S te ve W K nom s. Je r r o id C ollen and L e s lie 
B ru c e C h a irm e n a re M m es. R e * 
M o rris and K y le R e d w ine 
H JO a rn 
W O O D L A W N 
A G E N D A C L U B , 
O a k 
H i l l s 
C o u n ty C o u n try C lu b lu n ch e o n w ith h o s te s s e s , 
M m e s 
L 
O 
Scott H 
B R ain s, L u c ia n Jo n es. 
Roland R 
B ro w n , W w Ja c k s o n and A 
D ougios Hood Sr 
Noon C H A P T E R O. P EO . rn the h o m e of M rs . 
R o y B a rn e s with M m e s 
Sta n le y B a n k s and 
W aite r H 
W ad e a s co hostesses 
M rs 
L e o P 
Cloud J r w ill p re sent the p ro g ra m . 
B e a u ty of 
Lo ve 
T H U R S D A Y 
IO o m C H A P T E R OW. P EO. in the hom e of M rs 
R uth Con w a y w ith M r s 
B y r o n R ite a s conostoss 
A coffee w ill p re ce d e 
Ih « lYMffHhpXO 
It a rn 
I N N E R W N i i L 
*n th e B r ig h t S h a w l 
C la u d e B 
Arnot w ill speak on 
T w enty five 
D a y s in M a y 
C h a ir m e n o r e 
M m es E o n W en tw orth and E S 
W ells 
Noon A C A D E M Y OF H E A L T H 
S C I E N C E W O M E N * C L U B , in th e C r y s t a l B a k in g C o m p a n y re s ta u ra n t 
M rs 
G e o rg e 
A obi v w ill present the p ro g ram , 
P ro ffe rin g V a lu ab le D ocu m en ts and C e rtifica te s 
Sp onso rs win be the D e n tal S cie n ce D iv is io n 
W iv e s a n d th e 
V e t e r i n a r y 
Scie n ce D ivisio n W ive s 
12 JO p m 
T R I N I T Y U N I V E R ­ 
S I TY W O M E N S C L UB , in the 
Gold Room . C ho p m on g rad u a te 
C e n te r 
C h a r le n e O r b / , D r u g 
A b u s e C e n te r , w ill s p e a k on 
D r u g 
A b u s e 
A 
D r n o m IC 
H u n ian P ro c e s s 
H ostesses w ill 
Ire M m es Plu m p F D e tw e K e r, G 
E 
G o rin g and Roger M cS h o n e 
I p rn 
A S S O C I A T I O N F O R 
C H I L D H O O D E D U C A T I O N , in 
E is e n h o w e r R o o d B a p tis t K in d e rg u rte n 
D r 
Ju d ith C r a ig of 
B e h a v io ra l R e s e a rc h A ssociation w ill be s p e a k in g on b e h a v io r p rob lem s in young ch ild re n 
4 p m B E TA T A U C H A P T E R , 
D elta K a p p a G a m m a S o cie ty, in 
C h rist E p is c o p a l C h u rch Yo uth 
Room 
M iss Jo h n n ie M cC au g h u n will p resent 
F re P d o n s Fo u n d o hon at V a lle y F o rg e 
M r s O O 
F e e w ill be in c h a r g e ut the so cial h o u r, H o s te s s e s w ilt be 
M m es 
J 
M 
C a rn a l, M 
$ 
Je n dings, E 
M 
Po w e ll, 6 
P 
R ile y and P A 
Roc bs Jr 
F M ID A Y 
I * a rn 
O L ’ 
S H A V A N O 
C H A P T E R , 
D a u g h te rs ot m e 
A m e rica n R evolutio n, wKI m eet in the hom e at M rs W 
M 
B a n i win 
T hom os W ilso n win p resen t 
W h a t s in a N a m e * 
O ffic e rs will be elected They win host the tom! chapter G e o rg e W ash in g to n 
B ir t h d a y lu n ch e o n F e b 
26 in 
Oak H ills C o u n try Club 
I p m O U R L A D Y OF G R A C E 
A L T A R S O C I E T Y , iii lh , os se m b iv ro o m 
B e t ty W illia m s . hom e e co n o m ist, wilt speak on 
E le a o n l E n t e r t a in in g 
HOS 
•esses win De M m es 
M c terns 
P 
* "O d e ll, \ 
Chards an d M issp s A ggie R e ily ond C e cilia W tet/ei 
S A T U R D A Y 
I J* p rn C H A P T E R V, P EO , in th e h o m e ot M r s 
W o lf e r 
C u rry 
M io 
E 
R 
W eir w ill be l O h o s ie s s 
D r 
W a y l a n d p 
M oody wilt speak on 
E d u c a tio n 

 in the C o m m u n ity 

Dillards 

M O N THRU SAT. IO A M -9 P M 

KIMBERLY 

INTERPRETS 

FEM ININ E 

VITALITY 

WITH 3 

PIECE 

ENSEM BLE 

Kimberly’s three piece suit responds to any event. 

Blouse and 

 front pleated 

 skirt of 7o% 

Dacron ” / 

3 o % cotton 

 and jacket, 

8 5 % Trevira* 

 star / 15% Trevira * star / 15% cotton, 
In new thistle.., 

 the misty blend 

 of amethyst 

 and grey. 

Misses' sizes. $1 SO . 
D e sign e r D re sse s 

& 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

Just plain Jimmy’ conquers Capitol Hill 

/U O M G ()/V \EK Y 

At 6 & IO on Twelve 

The week that was was .Jimmy C arter's. 
Iii his first seven days in office the new President ap­ parently conquered 
Washington — the 
Washington he be­ moaned so often during the cam ­ paign. lfv erybodv from for­ eign diplomats and Re­ publican politicians to 

 beside the first couple 
(an L B J first). The pic­ tures which they w ill proudly display iii their embassies will show the the F irst Lady broke precedent by slipping her arm through the ambas­ sador's as if they were old friends. 

This made for “ a very warm p ictu re .” was 
Iranian 
Am bassador 
Ardeshir 
Zuhedi's assessment. “ Any kind of little touch impresses you 
(the ambassador), and 

 jaded residents who have seen them all come and go seemed taken with the man from Plains. 
I be ambassadors wore delighted to he received in tho mansion w ii hill two days of the inaugural 
— something that hadn t happened in years and yea rs. 

B ritish Am bassador 
Sir Peter Ramsbotham said, “ ll was a very dif­ ficult thing to do and it was done with great style and thoughtfulness." 

 lf Republican E llio t 
Richardson s appoint­ ment as ambassador-at- large and special repre­ sentative of President 
C arter to the United Na­ tions Law of the Sea Con­ ference “ was a complete surp rise” to E llio t, it wasn't to his wife. 
“ Every time I thought he w as out of government he was offered someth­ in g ,” said Anne. R i­ chardson had said he had no plans after Ja n . 2o other than 
“ to start 

Said Mrs. Juan Rovira, w ife of the Spanish am­ bassador, “ I have never met any body so im por­ tant and so nice at the same tim e ” . . . Mrs. 
Mohamed Kochman, wife of the M auritanian am ­ bassador. observed, “ Of­ ten ti lev (heads of state) 
.just shake hands and send you along, but he makes each person feel special. “ 
And tin* envoys were immensely pleased to be photographed standing 

.ill were asking in wide-eyed 

 surprise, 'Did von know he 

Ii a d such a s ens e n j 

 humor? 

Karen WH 
PERSONAL SERVICE^] 
■ Journalism is a serious business 
I and Karen knows it. And she 
I knows and understands the n people, the community. She is 
I involved with San Antonio 
I and its lifestyles, personally 
I and professionally. She 
,. 
I feels a responsibility 
I towards her viewers, 
■ and they appreciate it. 
H We think she s made an 
■ impact on San Antonio 
'<n 
■ television news. On 
^ 
I Newswatch. 

After mastectomy 

Unique breast form fills the hollows, can be worn with an ordinary bra, no pockets necessary. 

Consult Ward* professional hi t t i ng S p e c ia lis t for a reasonably priced breast form. You’ll In* amazed at tin* com fort a b Ie fit and s m o o t h natural bust I me ut our 2-part foam-pad and flu id - fille d breast form 

 professional *erv ice pee la I Iv for you in 
* Bra and Girdle Dept 

A K O Brest Korin filLcuv- itv restores natural contours. 

A ft O Surgical Supports t o. serving the medical pro­ fession for o7 Nears 

Meet Mi** Virginia Fleming, 
Kitting S|M*iiahst in Wards 
Bra, Girdle Department on 
Feb. M and 9 at 
Windsor 
Bark. Feb. IO and ll at W on­ derland and Feb. B and Pi at Met Tele**. 

You can depend on us 

USE WARDS 
CHARG-ALL 
CREDIT 
I Ti VAI Nil 

WONDERLAND MALL 
WINDSOR PARK 
Kcdcrnkaborg Raid al 
MALL 
41o 
IH ift North al thalam i go ad 
O pe* IO • m until 9 p m gaily 
Open IO a m until I p m daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
S w lh Nat* Braunfels at Stnuthi rot* 
Op»m IO a m until 9 p ut daily 

I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— -Sunday Feb 6 1977 *-k P a g e 
9-E 
I 
Police wives share fears 

Everyone has a problem. What's yours? For a personal reply, write to 
ABBY: Express-News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, T ex., 78297. E n close a stam ped, self-addressed envelope, please. 

 viated by writing to you. I hope so, because right now I’m all tied up in knots, and ifs bad for my blood pres­ sure. 
I .just had a phone call from my sister and did she ever let me have it! She started out by dem anding, “ WHO the h— have you been talking to for one solid hour?” (I meekly told her. alth­ ough I now realize that it was really none of her business.) 
Then she did a num ber on me for spending so much time talking on the phone, and like a dum m y I apologized for it. 
Abby, I don’t have a party line so if I want to talk all day (or all night) why shouldn’t lf 
And why should I be made to feel guilty because my line is busy when mv sister calls? 
- FRUSTRATED AND 
ANGRY 
DEAR F AND A: Direct your anger where it belongs — at > ourself — for lacking the courage to speak up to your sister. Tell her what you’ve told me. and you’ll feel better. 

 police forces recognize the im portance of some support program for the families of their officers. 
The returns from the kind of program initiated by these w i\ es may not be im m ed ia te ly a p p a re n t. 
Yet. as it supports the 

 stability of the police of­ ficer's family, tile payoff to the c o m m u n ity is g rea ter effectiveness of that officer. 
T hesi' w ives w ere keenly aware that their m o ra le affe c ted th e ir husband’s morale and. iii 

 tu rn , his job p e r f o r ­ mance. 
T hey w ere e q u a lly aware of the high divorce rate for police officers, and they wanted to help prevent som e of th ese p ro b lem s from je o p a r ­ dizing marriages. 

 problem corner + + + problem corner + + + proble 
+ + + problem corner + + + com e 
. +. + p 
Convent no spot to hide 

DEAR ABBY: I am 15, and I want to join a convent. The problem is, I am not Catholic. 

I’m not really anything, but I want to become a nun because I’ve never had a date and I’ll probably never have one, and if I w ere a nun in a convent I wouldn’t have to m ake any excuses. 
Alter all. who ridicules a nun for not having a boyfriend? 
How does a girl go about signing up to be a nun? P lease an sw e r in the paper because I don’t have any privacy here. If anyone in my family found out 
I asked such a question, I d never hear the end of it. Thank you. - FUTURE 
NUN 
DEAR FUTURE NUN: Sorry, dear. a convent is not a place for a girl to hide because she thinks she needs an excuse for not having a boyfriend. 
Wom en b eco m e nu n s b e c a u s e of their deep religious convictions and desire to dedicate their lives to the service of their church. 
You need a m ature friend with whom you can ta lk fra n k ly about yo u r feelings. Counseling from a Catholic priest could be extremely helpful 

DEAR ABBY: P erhaps my feelings of frustration and anger can be aile- 
This guy is just a bore 

“ We used to have lots of friends and an active social life. 
Then my husband became a policeman. 
Our friends seemed to become more formal and a little edgy around us. 
T hey would m a k e poor jokes about Bill’s being one of the ‘fuzz.’ Things just weren’t the sam e.” 
A g roup of police of­ ficers’ wives were having a pot luck d in n e r, and they got to sharing some common problems. Most striking was the sense of desolation and isolation experienced by the wives of rookies. 
Several acknowledged that what m ade it espe­ cially difficult was the fact that they hadn't been prepared for those prob­ lems. And they thought others shouldn’t have to go through the sam e de­ solation. 
With the support of the police chief, those wives developed a program for o rie n tin g new police wives. Along the way, it was my privilege to sit in on planning sessions and a p re s e n ta tio n to new w ives d u r in g r e c r u it training. 
Research 
First, they thought up ail sorts of questions that they had wondered about when their husbands first 

INSIGHTS p i 

Dr. Menninger incites your co m m en ts and questions. Write to him in care of the San Antonio 
Express, P.O. Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex.. 78297. 
Because of the volume of mail, he cannot answer each individually but will handle questions of gen­ eral interest in his co­ lumn. 

 joined the force. 
After som e re se a rc h , they prepared a booklet entitled “ Everything You 
Always Wanted to Know 
About the Police Depart­ ment. But Were Afraid to 
Ask " 
Next, they prepared a list of topics about which they had painful or bittor experiences, to p rep are th*1 now wives for some of the difficult times ahead. 
“ ll is a sh o c k ,” said one, “ even to the woman 

 who totally supports her husband’s decision to be­ com e a police o ffic er, when h er h u s b a n d ’s dream becomes a reality. 
“ In th e m a jo rity of cases, she has had little contact with law- enforce­ m ent and w hat the job entails. The little know­ ledge she has is coupled with a vivid imagination and the e v e r-p re s e n t television police shows, mot ies and hooks. 

Some of the problems cited: A negative reaction from family and friends, who will tell you about every rude or bad police officer on the force, and who w ill call you or your husband to take care of a ticket. lf you’re a compulsive planner, you’re in trou­ ble, because invariably your husband has to ap­ pear in court on bis day off. 
Be prepared to listen to 
Hic seamy side til" life, the gory details of accidents and \ iolent crimes. 
Anticipate that some of the neighbors won't like living next to a police­ man; and neighborhood teen-agers may soap your car and let the air (nit til' the tires. 
Understandably, many police fam ilies feel iso­ lated, and they turn to each other for support. 
An increasing num ber of 

Your luck with the stars 

If you have a problem let Ann Landers help you solve It. Write Ann Landers, care of the Express-News, P.O. Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 
Dear Ann Landers: May I add something to your superficial answer concerning the gentle­ man who droned on and on in conversation — “ boring e v e r­ yone to death” ? 
T his is a sy m p to m of a p ro b lem known as "verbal expression disabili­ ty." The v ictim of this condition has an extremely difficult time organizing his thoughts. 
Ile tr ie s to c o m p e n s a te for his weakness by speaking slowly and deli­ berately — pausing frequently in an attempt to pull his ideas together and hold his audience. 
I hope the next time a person com­ plains about a “ non-stop talk er” who connects one sentence with another by saying “ and — uh —“ you will not call him a “ crashing bore.” 

E n lig h te n e d e d u c a to rs a r e now making an effort to help children with learning disabilities which later may develop into verbal expression disabi­ lities. I'm disappointed that you were not more compassionate. 
— An Edu­ cational Therapist 
Dear Ed: 
I m ay be inadequate in some areas but lacking in compassion 
I am not. Sorry, dear, but there are more t rashing bores around than peo­ ple with “ v erbal expression d is a b i­ lities.’’ 
Is alcoholism ru in in g your life? 
Know the danger signals and what to do. Read the booklet, “ Alcoholism — 
Hope and Help,” by Ann Landers. 
Enclose 5o cents in coin with your request and a long, stamped, self-ad­ dressed envelope to E xpress-N ew s. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 

YOUR B IR T H D A Y TO DAY; 
T h is y e a r you OO on to bigger things. Y o u r sta rlin g point can be foreign travel or its sym b olic a n a lo g y — d o w n in g a w a re n e ss in w hich the se n te of w hat y o u ’ve learned up to now starts to toke coherent tor rn 
R e lationship s run re c u rrin g c y c le s of tension, detachm ent, reafllance. 
Today s n a tive s show lite ra ry talent, tell a fa sc in a tin g tole. often on behalf of social reform 
Those born this year hove a gift for politics, the ludictary, finding the right w ord 
A R IE S (M a rc h H -A o rll I* ) : Y o u sh a re reiyc tanee to plunge Into w ork, yet lu m p rig h t in. talk before thinking on pe rson al ond political conflicts 
M a k e am e n d s the best you con. 
TAU RU S (April 2o-May 2o); 
E *p e rt s p r o c ra s ­ tinate C om p lain in g does no good. Stay b u sy w hile or instead of w aifing L e a rn details despite direc bons from those em otionally involved 
G E M IN I (M ay JI-Ju n e 2o): 
M a tte rs you find a m u sin g m ight be another p e rs o n 's tra g e d y ; be careful what you soy. E n o u g h le v e ra g e gets a ru sh lob done. Tonight Is Quiet but v e ry satisfy in g 

CA N C ER (June 21-Julv 22); 
L a r g e protects are sketchily defined 
Take p re lim in ary steps in good faith. Show re g a rd for the sensitivity of those w ho don t understand w hat s up or why. 
LEO (July 21-Aug. 22); W ith e v e ryo n e oft on his ow n ego trip, your efforts of le a d e rsh ip toke on dov to catch hold 
Intuition is deep toke yo u r fantasies se riou sly, m o k e notes 
V IR G O (A u g. 2J-Sept. 22); 
L o c a l h e lp it achieved at q price. Som ething you c a n 't afford 

By 

JEANE DIXON 

 points up your lim itations. R e v isin g fin a n ce s Is of long range benefit, no im m ediate retie!. 
L IB R A (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): 
D on t od d to others d isc o n te n t b v p a s s in g the b u c k o r re p e a tin g criticism . Stay out of o n goin g w ra n g le s u n le ss you hove authority to im pose ct solution. 
S C O R P IO (Oct. 21-Nov. 21): 
Y o u m u st o u i oh available re so u rc e s on the tine to re sp m ^ p ro d u c tiv e a c tiv ity 
N ext, c h o o se b e tw e e n old friends and long ignored duty tor y o u r ow n web tore. 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N ov. 22-Dec. 21); Y o u re tree lo do a s you like. bv the sam e token w on t get m uch help. A void fault finding verify new s fro m ta rg w o y ptoces before you act on it, 
C A P R IC O R N (Dec. 22-Jon 
I * ) : 
C lo se dow n unprofitable sidelines 
B e kind to people w ho get upset about w hat s happen ing. O th e rs can t see yo u 're busy. m ake d e m an d s on yo u r tim e 
A Q U A R IU S (Jan. 2ft-Peb. ll): in d e te rm in in g the truth, keep in m ind no n atu ral low s o y s a n y body h as it all in view Reco gnize o th e rs' righ t lo err. F o rm in g purposeful g ro u p s is favo re d 
P ISC ES (F e b )» -M o rch 2o): 
Put off p u rc h a se s until you find the right items, not e rsa tt b ro o d s 
Help guide others a s you threod yo u r w ay th ro u g h com plexities of com petitive scra m b le s. 

FINAL REDUCTION flit! SAU 
MfflANDINfi 
SAVINGS 
6o% OFF 

 ooU erie 

Central Purk Mull, Ph. 341-86o1 

ABANDONED BOAT 

U N L- 
MENKIN 

MMR (MNI 

H 
T 

 mn qecwweiv 

AMERICAN TOURISTER 
SALE 
25% off! 

You'll travel in style with a set of this beautiful 
American Tourister, Moulded Series I (XX) lug* gage. This famous luggage features one-piece moulded shell, foam rubber padded handles, pop-open proof locks and stainless steel inter­ locking closures. At special savings! 

Central Park and Windsor Park only 

HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY by Jim Harrison 

Size: lS '/i” x 2 2 Vt" 
Edition: 18oo signed and numbered 
Price: $25.oo each 

 p JA 
X 

N o w a t t h o . 

1941 trgdcncksbwf 9 (UL 
734-6227 

 c t * to* t n a m in g 

HecArtber Pine l l 11-J Mecegdediet Re 
633-324o 

 m U S . NWHgry Br. 
922-9444 

W O M E N 'S 
REG 
SALE 
COLOR 
Troincose 
SSS 
41.25 
8, G, P 
Slim attache 
SSS 
41.25 
P 
Shoulder tote 
S4o 
$3o 
B, G, P 
Tote 
$4o 
$3o 
B, G, P 
Weekend cate 
SSS 
41.25 
B, G, P 
24” Pullman 
$75 
56 25 
B, G, P 
27” Pullman 
$85 
63.75 
B, G, P 
3 o " Pullman 
97.5o 
73.15 
8, G. P 
Car bag 
SSO 
37.5o 
8, G, P 
M E N S 
REG. 
SALE 
COLOR 
Attache 
SSS 
41.25 
P, D 
Carry on 
$65 
48 75 
P. D 
2 Sutter 
$85 
63.75 
P, D 
3 Suiter 
$9o 
67.5o 
P. D 
24” Pullman 
$75 
56.25 
P, D 
8 Suiter 
$12o 
$9o 
P 
Club tote 
ISO 
37,5o 
P 
Cor bag 
$5o 
37 5o 
P. D 

I H,l|l|M | fr t m < 1M>( fir'!, 

■MNM 

B-Tonnery Blue, G-Gold. P-Palam m o D-Dutk 

Dillard 

SHOP DILLARD'S M O N ..SAT., IO A M - 9 P.M. 

 stride into spring with fresh new springthings from Tami! 

Go back to nature with Tami! Stride into the season of spontaneity with an airy little confection of 1oo% acrylic with rivers of stripes, jaunty hood, tiny tie neck and open weave to chase away the winter blahs. Crisp poly gabardine straight leg pants and sassy split skirt in grass, navy, salmon or bristol are comfortably casual for an easy-care town to country look. Add pizazz with splashes of art-deco on a cotton/ polyester or 1oo% Tamiana® print blouse for a wardrobe that says 
“notice me, it’s spring!” 
Split skirt (sizes 6-16)... $21 

Pant (sizes6-16) ...$21 

Blouses (sizes 8-18).. $18 

Sportswear 

Dillards 

A touch of Honey at 29o weddings 

Eludes 
Scene 
I 
EXPRESS 
NEWS 

One of these days — hopefully 
— 
“ H oney” 
Douglas is going to write a book on weddings. 

It won t be a standard nuptial guide. 
“ Honey” probably knows as much about advance plans and last-minute traumas (emotional, comic and otherwise) as anybody in the world. 
She has been “ den mother” at 
29o weddings in the past 26 years, all on a volunteer basis. 
These treasured vignettes on nervous brides, weepy moms, delayed bridegroom s, sudden storm s, misplaced cakes, and changing lifestyles have the makings of a best-seller. 
“ I'm a ‘sounding board’ or 
‘crutch’, so to speak,” she says. 
“ I share joys and challenges and try to fix everything from broken zippers to misunderstandings.” 
“ Honey” has been chairman of the Wedding Guild of St. Luke’s 
Episcopal Church since it was formally organized in 1972, but was serving as a wedding as­ sistant at St. Luke’s and in other locales long before that. 

By 

MILDRED 
W HITEAKER 

1»PRISS N IW S WOMEN S EDITOR 

The unique 12-member guild acts as an intermediary between nuptial party and clergy in any way needed prior to and during the wedding. Mrs. Frank Adams is the current co-chairman. 
Career 

For “ Honey,” this volunteer 
“ career” has put added meaning into the phrase “ a labor of love.” 
“it’s hard to believe that I’ve now sent four second-generation brides down that aisle,” she says. 
“ It started as a hobby 26 years ago when my next door neighbor 
Use (Mrs. Tom)Frost asked me to assist with her daughter’s wedding. It was a beautiful 
Christmas ceremony, and I be­ came so excited... 
“Then there were spring and sum m er w eddings...and the whole thing kept gaining momen­ tum...” 
Warrene Douglas is the wife of 
Dr. Frank Murray Douglas, one 

 of the city's best-known dentists and a champion of his w ife’s hobby. ( “ He once fell into St. 
Luke’s fountain at 7 a.m. trying to fish out ivy which I was keep­ ing fresh for decorating!” ) 
Mrs. Douglas is seldom called 
Mrs. 
Douglas these days. 
Or 
Warrene. She’s “ Honey” to any­ body who has known her IO min­ utes. Her oldest grandson gave her the name 24 or 25 years ago. 
And since it was so appropriate, it 
“stuck.” 
Frank and “ Honey” Douglas have two daughters, six grand­ children and one great-grand­ daughter. 
And “ Honey” has brides and grooms and their children scat­ tered all over the world. A scrapbook tied with pink ribbons is filled with notes of apprecia­ tion sent after the weddings — and with letters bringing her up to date through the years. 
She points out sadly that there have been some 5o divorces among the 29o couples. Looking on the positive side, however, this is much better than the national average. 
“When a couple remarries, we jokingly call it a retread,” she laughs. 
Surprise 

‘H O N E Y ’ D O U G LA S sends B arb ara Schatten- berg (M rs. Charles Dodson) dow n the aisle with w arm w ishes 
PHOTO I r H M D IA N J» 

“ Honey” and her volunteer as­ sistants take the pressure off everybody as the wedding ap­ proaches. particularly the bride and the mother-of-the-bride. 
She has several meetings with them well in advance of the spe­ cial day. 
Imagine my own surprise and relief when she said as our daughter s wedding drew near: 
"You and .Judy stay home and relax and enjoy the day and get ready leisurely. We’ll take care of arranging the flowers and candles and everything at the church just the way .Judy wants them.” 
With the volunteer assistance of two wonderful friends from my own Prickly Pear Garden Club, she and other guild members did exactly that! 
It isn’t unusual to see this petite great-grandmother standing tall on a ladder hanging baskets of greenery. Nor to hear that she was up at 5 a.m. or past midnight making crepe paper flowers for a bride — perhaps in a neighboring city — whose budget wouldn’t cover fresh floral arrangements. 
Nor to improvise a wedding gown, where none was available, from her daughter’s graduation dress. 
Bul let “ Honey” Douglas tell her own story, some of the vig­ nettes which could — and should 
— make up the book that s yet to be w ritten 
“There was the time," she re­ calls, “ that Mrs. Tom Scott of La 
Jolla, Calif, (mother of astron- aut-bridegroom David Scott) was alMiut to walk down the aisle at 
Christ Episcopal Church, and the 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NljEVVS— 

Fall 
Winter 

RED CROSS REG. TO $32.oo ..........................A lo w 
8 . o o TO 
SOCIALITES REG. TO $32.oo ........................../VOW 
8 .o o TO 
COBBIES REG. TO $25.oo ..................................N O W 
8 .o o TO 
SELBYS REG. TO $ 3 4 .o o ....................................... NOW 
I o . o o TO 
CARESSA REG. TO $34.oo ..................................NOW 
I o .o o TO 
STANLEY PHILLIPSON re g t o $4o OO . n o w 
1 7 .o o t o 
NINA REG TO $36 O O ............................................ NOW 
I o .o o TO 
COVER GIRL REG TO $26.oo.............. 
NOW 

Boleros... a new dimension 

 in peasant dressing 

The bolero returns to fashion and we say "Bravo!" These short, sleeveless toppers give classic dress shapes a charm, polish and freshness that's just right for spring. Below, the white and green print peasant topped with a white bolero scrolled with green braid, 7o.oo. 
Right, a crisp stripe and print seersuck­ er dress with banded and tied bolero, brown and white, 76.oo. Both of polyes­ ter—cotton in sizes 6— 14. By Fa n fa re for Plaza Dresses, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Austin. C harge it! 

KEB 
A UNIT O f ALUKO ST O M S 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Sievers-Davis nuptials are repeated Saturday 

Miss Lisa Marie Davis and Larry Dean Sievers exchanged m arriage vows, 
Saturday in 
Blessed Sacrament Cath­ olic Church. The Rev 
Patrick Cronin officiat­ ed. 

The bride is the daughter of Col. (ret.) and Mrs. Clarence A. 
Davis. The groom’s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Lyle D. Sievers. 

Maid of honor was 
Laura Davis. Brid es­ maids were 
Karen 
Brown, Cindy Kolmeier and Vicky Allen. 
Serving as best man was 
David 
Slougn. 
Groomsmen were Mark 
Davis, Bob Alleno and 
John Liberto. Ushers were Scott Brown and 
Keith Hart. 
A reception was held in the NCO Club at Ft. Sam 
Houston. 
MKS. L l). SIE V E R S 

Blair Stouffer, 
Sheryl Smith recite nuptials 

Highland 
Park United 
Methodist 
Church in Dallas was the setting Sa­ turday for the wedding of Miss Sheryl 
Lynn Smith of Dallas and Blair Todd 
Stouffer. The Rev. Leighton Farrell officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Donald S. Smith of Dallas. The groom is the son of Mrs. Edgar Stouffer and the late Mr. Stouffer. 
Maid of honor was Alyssa A. Smith. 
Bridesmaids were Lynn Moi, Diane 
Barnett, Karen Young. Druanna New­ man, Nancy Stouffer, Claudia Jackson, 
Pain Francis and Devin Mott. 
Serving as hest man was Greg 
Stouffer. Groomsmen were Bob 
Conger, Richard Wortham, David Ka- lish, Jim Goudge, Kenneth Pruitt, 
Ford Sasser, Mark Griffin and Doug 
Duncan. 
Assisting as ushers were Donald 
Smith, Scott Wilson, Tom McGaughy and Tom Cusick. 
A reception was held in the Dallas 
Country Club following the ceremony. 

 eyes 

53oo M c C u l l o u g h t h e y a r d 

MKS. BLA IR T. STOUTE 

After a wedding trip to Haw; couple will live in Tulsa. 

Thomas Tucker, 
Elaine Yrizarry 
J solemnize vows 

The marriage of Miss Elaine Debra 
Yrizarry and Thomas Alan Tucker, both of St. Louis, Mo., was solemnized 
Saturday in St. Paul s Episcopal 
Church by the Rev. John Daniels. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Frederick Albert Johnson Jr . and 
Theodore Philip Yrizarry of Atlanta, 
Cia. She was given in marriage by her cousin. Dr. Henry Folger Cleaveland 
Jr. of Washington, D. C. The groom is the son of Mrs. W alter Chalmers 
Reisinger of St. Louis and the late Al 
Tucker. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Gary 
Jones of Texarkana. Bridesmaids were 
Mrs. Melodic Hunt of St. Louis, sister of the groom, Mrs. Paul Tyson of Fulls 
Church, Va. and Patricia Alda of Dal­ las. 
Serving as best man was Charles 
Twedell of St. Louis. Groomsmen were 
Stephen Jones of China. Maine, John 
Rouse of Kansas City, Mo. and David 
Will of New York. N.Y. 
A reception was held in the Ft. Sam 
Houston Officer's Club. 
After a wedding trip to Houston and 

MRS. THOMAS A TUCKER 

New Orleans, the couple will live in St 
Louis. 
David Allen 
, 
Shirley Palmer marry 

St. Luke’s Catholic 
Church in Loire, Tex. was the setting Saturday for the wedding of Miss 
Shirley Justine Palmer and David Allen Dishner. 
The Rev. Joseph Hamalu officiated 

The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Annie 
Palmer of Pleasanton. 
She was given in mar­ riage by her brother, 
Milton 
Palm er. 
The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Christine 
Dishner of 
Waco. 

Matron of honor was 
Etheline 
Freeman. 

 family entertainment! 

Eastman Kodak Company Presents 

 a wide screen multimedia color movie & slide show spectacular 

Tuesday, February 22, and W ednesday, February 23 

Laurie A uditorium at Trinity U niversity 
*r 
9 
S pon sored bv the 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

“ Scandinavia... Land of Pictures" is a dazzling 78-minutc sight and sound multimedia extravaganza of Sweden, 
Norway and Denmark and its people. 
This Photo I ravel Show captures the multiseason charms of Scandinavia. 
Action-packed movies and panoramic 

 stills unfold across a giant 36-foot screen. 
Pictures melt into each other, creating a brilliant overlap of color and conNtantly changing images —all enhanced bv exciting music, sound effects and live narration ... 
Don’t miss it. It’s family entertainment at its best, and it’s free! 

Free A dm ission By Express-News 
T ick et Only! 

 rick ets G ood Only for Dates R equested. 

ORDER YOUR FREE TICKETS NOW 
NO #tStttvfcD S IA !* 
PttASt IN C lO Sf S ilt ADOHfSSIO, STAMPED IN V tlO Pf 

Kodak Show Tickets 
I*press and N ew t 
P.O. box 267 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

(limit 
4 ink*!* p.i coupon 
Tick.it to bo ditMifewlod on a tint com., tint torv«d boti) IN t o w it u n HANO c o n n u of tN v n o r t, 
INOtCATt TMI NIGHT PttFUfttD AND NUM u t or fichus) 

PUK)** tend rum 

{ 
) Tuesday, Fob 22 ( 

— _ bott tick*!* to th* Kodak porlorm aruo on (chock on#)i 

) W # d n «td o y, Fob 23 ( 
) Chock ii alternate dot# it occoptobt*, 

Bridesmaids were Ala- may Stolowski. Kay Ko- suh and Lillian Sekula. 
Flower girl was Tina 
Palmer and ringbearer was Patrick Stolowski Jr. 
Serving as hest man was 
B illy 
Newman. 
Groomsmen were Ray­ mond Palm er, Charles 
Freeman U L and Justo 
Hernandez. Ushers were 
Anthony Palmer, Charles 
Palm er, and Je rry Ko- siib. Also assisting was 
Gilbert Palmer. 
A reception was held iii the Community Hall fol­ lowing the ceremony. 
MRS. D. A. DISHNER 

St. Leo’s Church is site of wedding vows 

The marriage of Miss 
Rachel Rodriguez and 
Alfred Castillo Jr. was solemnized Saturday in 
St. Leo's Catholic Church by the Rev. Louis Arcen- eaux. 

Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Emilio 
Rodriguez and Mr. and 
Mrs. Alfred Castillo. 
Matron of honor was 
Angie Lee. Maids of honor were Teresa Ro­ driguez and Herminia 
Rodriguez. Bridesmaids were Diana Segura. Anna 
Marie Lopez, Vangie 
Reyes. Josie Rodriguez, 
Rosie Almaguer and Pat­ ty Medloek. 

Serving as flower girl was Michelle Roque and ringbearer was Gustavo 
Rodriguez. 
Best man was Ruben 
Lee. Groomsmen were 
Jose Segura, Jesse Lo­ pez. Ismael Rev es. Ro­ bert Gutierrez, John Al­ maguer and 
Tommy 
Medloek. Ushers were 

Boerner-Brokaw 

Miss Dawn Diane Bro­ kaw and 
John 
Alan 
Boerner exchanged mar­ riage vows, Saturday in the Randolph AFB. Cha­ pel. The Rev. Andrew 
Wueste officiated. 
The bride is the 
(laughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Adelbert B. Brokaw of 
Kalamazoo. M id i. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Richard J. 
Boerner. 
Maid of honor was Su­ san Brokaw of Kalam a­ zoo, sister of the bride. 
Best man was David M. 
Boerner of 
Austin, brother of the groom. 
A reception was held in the 
Randolph 
A F B 
Officer s Club following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to 
Colorado, the couple will live in Dallas. 

Romance is show theme 

Bridal fashions from 
Frost Bros, will be fea­ tured at the style show, 
Spring Romance, at noon 
Wednesday in the Bright 
Shawl Tearoom. 

Featured designers for the show will be Priscilla of Boston, Vanity Fair and Victoria Royal. 

Mrs. Joe Street and 
Mrs. Alfred Beckmann w ill be hostesses. 

Grothues-Stautzenberger 

The Rev. Maurice Dil- lane officiated at the wedding of Miss Jolyn 
Stautzenberger and Da­ vid Patrick Grothues, 
Saturday iii St. Luke's 
Catholic Church. A re­ ception followed in the church activity center. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Robert Stautzenberger. 
The groom s parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice 
Grothues. 
Maid of honor vias 

Mary Cornish. Brid es­ maids were Mrs. Craig 
Stautzenberger and Heidi 
Heck. Serving as flower girl was Julie Elbcl and ringbearer was Stephen 
Robeson. 
Best man was Alan 
Grothues. Groomsmen were Roland DeWinne and Ronald Fischer. As­ sisting as ushers were 
Anthony Stautzenberger and Scott Nielson. 

The couple will honey­ moon in Ruidoso, N.M .” 

,CIUO€KotS- cla sses 

ARTS A CRAFTS CLASSIS: feb ll 
Quilting 
1o:oo-12:oo 
4 • 7 Hr. bn. 
S 25 OO 
Feb. 78 
Fabric Flowers 
1o:oo-12:oo 
I - 2 Hr. bn. 
S 7.So 
Feb. 28 
Robert Garden 
Workshop 
93o 1:3o 
S 1ooo hor. 
J 
Point Along Workshop by Robert Garden 
1o:oo- I OO 
S - 3 Hr. bn. 
S1oo OO 
Feb. 17 (SATURDAY) 
Internotionl Menus 
1ooo-12oo 
4 - 2 Hr. bn. 
S 3ooo 
Feb. 14 
Breod Making A 
Omelets 
1o:oo-12:oo 
I - 2 Hr. bn. 
S 7.5o 
Feb. IS 
Gourmet Cooking I 
(New Menus) 
1ooo 12oo 
3 • 2 Hr bn. 
S 2o OO 
Feb. 23 
Coke Decorating 
IOO 3:oo 
4 ■ I Hr. bn. 
J 25.oo 
Feb. 73 
Chinese Cooking 
1o:oo 12:oo 
4 - 2 Hr. bn. 
S 75 OO 
Mw 18 
Ann Clarks' Cooking 
Workshop 
1ooo12oo 
I - 2 Hr bn. 
S I S OO 
S SWI MO CLASSIS: 
Feb. 12 
Ultrasuede Seminar 
1o oo-11 oo 
I • I Hr. bn NO CHARGC 
Feb. IS 
Men s Knit Slocks 
1ooo 12 oo 
2 - 7 Hr. bn 
S 5 oo 
Feb. 24 
Men s Sport Coats 
1ooo 12oo 
4 ■ 2 Hr. bn. 
S 1ooo 
Mot 
I 
Mon s Knit Slocks 
IOO 3:oo 
7 • 2 Hr. bn. 
S S OO 
Mw. 
S 
Ultrasuede Seminar 
1ooo-11:oo 
I • I Hr. bn NO CHARGE 
PLEASE CALL 824-2353 FOR RESERVATIONS 

MRS. A LFR ED CASTILLO 

JR . 

Danny Rios and Rudy 
Ramos. 
A reception was held in the Mission Room of the 
Convention Center. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Acapulco. 
M.L. Salyers, 
Susan Book are married 

The marriage of Miss Susan Eliza­ beth Book and Michael Lee Salyers was solemnized 
Saturday in 
Christ 
Lutheran Church by the Rev. Arthur E. 
Rode. 
MRS. M. L. 
The bride is the daughter of Col. and 
SA LYERS Mrs. Clair L. Book. The groom is the son of Mrs. Bert Salyers. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Karen Book and bridesmaid was Beverly Phillips. Junior bridesmaid was Jeannic Polan. 

Serving as best man was Jam es Pope H I. 
Groomsman was Chris Book and junior groomsman was Kenneth Polan. Ushers were Robert McCall, 
William Amiek. and David Phillips. 

After a reception in the Ft. Sam Houston Officer’s 
Club, the couple left on a wedding trip to Monterrey. 

M 

M 

IM 

§MS 

About your wedding 

Are you getting mar­ ried soon? Here are gui­ delines and deadlines for sending information to the Express and News. . 
A picture of the bride will be published in 
Ihunbnail size free of charge. Engraving fees for larger pictures (en­ gagement or wedding—you may have both) will be determined by size of picture desired. 
There is no charge for stories without photos. 
Wedding pictures and copy must be in the Ex­ 

 press-News office at least one week before the wed­ ding date. A black and white glossy photo is re­ quired 
Wedding forms must fie signed and must con­ tain a daytime telephone number for the person submitting . the story. 
Engagement an­ nouncements must be published at least six weeks before the wedding date, therefore they must be submitted at least se­ ven weeks ahead of the wedding date. 
Advisors will hold meetings 

Gty 
................ .. 
SioN 
...............2*f» 
, tarot!**! Ai SO (RU M SID AOOffSSID SU««o III TI I ON lowest to seton *« un to 

.Members of Jun ior 
League of San Antonio will meet in the homes of their volunteer service placement advisors in lieu of a a monthly gen­ eral meeting. 
The meetings will be at 
Ii JU a III. Frida.V . Hos­ tesses will be: Milles 
< lark Budd) T Mu hue! 
Wood J can ie Richardson. 
John N. .Mel amish Jr., 
Un is ti. Meador Jr. aud 
Edward E. U t Wow Jr. 

Also 
Mines. 
Chris­ topher Goldsbury J r . 
Judson ll. Phelps Jr ., 
John R Beauchamp 
Ii I 
Trey 
Paddock. 
W R 
Laughlin, Richard F 
Halter. William Kohde and George W . Swam. 

OI hers include Mines 

Cary 
Stratton. 
J.W 

Pteper, 
William 
Quirk 
111, William I W vail .lr,, 
Logan 
Huntress and 

James R. t olives. 

A LIMITED 2-WEEK RUN OM THESF FLOOR MODELS AMD 
DEMOMSTRATORS. JUST THREE FROM A WHOLE CAST 
OF TOP PERFORMERS! 

Our brightest stars. Something for every sewing talent. Mow at show-stopping prices. 

9Zo X 

. - t a 

778 

IX 

 rn 

 rn rn 

 rn 

M 

 rn f rn 
I 
I * 
I f lr 
I. 

SAVE$7o 

ON A FU TURA* ll MACHINE 
WITH ONE-STEP BUTTON* 
FITTING BUTTONHOLER. 

Our FlipG Sew* 2-way sewing surface. And our exclusive push­ button bobbin winder that saves 18 ordinary bobbin-winding steps. 
Carrying case or cabinet extra. 

SAVE$5o 

ON A TOUCH & SEW* ll MACHINE 
WITH O ilR FLIP & SEW 2-WAY 
SEWING SURFACE. 

And 13 interchangeable utility and fashion* disc patterns. Carrying case or cabinet extra 

SAVE$ 3o 

ON A GENIE * 
PORTABLE MACHINE. 

3P easy to see and replace, plus an adjustable elastic stretch stitch. All in a self contained carrying case. 

Si tim "tot Rut . im a I sa rn* - -«■--a- 
• NMP 
■ - %j 
(ay m i III rn imm ton 
(•NU 
MI DU SINGER 

FIS i t ato vy tost r n I IJ I 

V«A«v V IM . . . ... .. 47] OUI 

NA V Sa* toNMi VI 
US ait# 

 is tfwend tny 
Mf toto** I*,. SiAUH 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

The Texas Medical Weight Control Center 

 is n o w in t r o d u c in g th e r e v o lu t io n a r y , n e w 

 im I i s 
TREATMENT 

 a n d to ta l p r o g r a m fo r p e r m a n e n t w e ig h t lo s s . 

Yes, this is the program you've 
Dramatic, immediate wen iii? lots read about in national magazines 
No Hunger 
• 
No Drug* and a best selling book. Not a 
No H C.G. Injections 
"diet'' but a total concept ongi 
Continuous medical monitoring nated at Hat vard Medical School, by Texas licensed Doctors and 
Nurses 
ENROLLMENT W ILL BE LIMITED 

Applications processed in older received, lf you are 2o or more pounds overweight, CA LL NOW FOR MORE INFORMA HON OR 
REG ISTER IN PERSON. 

M e d i c a l W e i g h t Conf* r d C f h b n 
I 
MJO f radar itll vhetQ •7o1 
San Antonio It**, w 

 engagements + + + engagements + + + engagements engagements + + + engagements + + + engagement 

A June ll wedding is planned in the 
F irst Baptist Church of Pearsall. 
SANDORA J. NOLAN 
CHARLES E. MIZE 
A May 14 wedding is planned 
Trinity Baptist Church. in 

Si 

.1 W E T Ii. SMITH 
M ERLIN ii. MAR ITN 

 iring wedding 

THELM A It W ALLACE 
JOHN IL PITTMAN 

 w ill be scene 

 of Wallace, 

Pittman rites 

Mr. and Mrs. James Oldham Wal­ lace announce the engagement of their daughter, Thelma Ruth, to John 
Homer Pittman, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Homer Henry Pittman. 

T he couple graduated from Winston 
Churchill High School and attended 
San Antonio College. They are students at the University of Texas iii San An­ tonio. 

A May (Wedding is planned in the 
Wilson Chapel of the First Baptist 
Church. 

ZOE E. SHO EM AKER 
BENEDICT SEKULA JR 

 i P f e engagements + + + more engagements 

 is planned by 

Zoe Shoemaker. 

Benedict Sekula 

Mr. and Mrs. Lowell ti. Shoemaker announce the engagement of their daughter. Zoe Ellen, to Benedict Seku- la Jr.. son of Mr. and Mrs Benedict 
Sekula. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of John Marshall High School lier fiance graduated from Antonian High 
School and attended Hic University of 
Texas in San Antonio. 

Ail April 2 wedding is planned in Hie 
Kingdom Hall of .lehovan's Witnesses. 

L ummi Pelion 

T he couple plans a June IS wedding in Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church 

Llllsllo w ard 
Mr and Mrs. Asa Lee 
E llis of Flatonia an­ nounce I lie engagement of their daughter. Pame­ la (iale. to David Barry 
Howard, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Thomas 
Lee 
Howard. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Flatonia 
High School, lier fiance graduated from Thomas 
Fdisou High School and served in tin* U S Navy. 
The couple plans a May 
7 wedding iii the Flatonia 
Baptist Church. 

KAREN L. SCHATTEN B E lUi d a v id im. W in n 

HUG CLEANING SALE 
’A OFF CASH N ’ CARRY ONLY 

 lidiiMMi lls 1 Hmm s 
4 2 6 io g u in rd. san antonio, te x a s 7 8 2 o 8 
SALE E N D S PEB. 5th 

Hohon-WhiUen 

Mr. and Mrs. Henry' P. 
Motion of Bishop an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter. Sharon 
Anne, to Randall Lacey 
Whitten, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Lacey R. Whitten. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of the Universi­ ty of Texas School of 
Nursing where she re­ ceived a baeherlor of science degree. She will receive her m aster's degree in nursing in 

Quebedeaux-West 

May. lier fiance received a bachelor of arts degree in biology from T rin ity 
University. He is a can­ didate for May gradua­ tion from the University of Texas Dental School in 
Sun Antonio w itll a doctor of dental surgery degree. 
A June IO wedding is planned in the Margarite 
B. Park er Chapel at 
Trinity University. 

Peterson-Lea 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. 
Peterson announce the engagement of their daughter. Hay Marie, to 
Jerrold Payne Leu of 
Tyler. He is the son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. 
Lea of Tyler. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of MacArthur 
High School. She is a candidate for May gra­ duation from the Univer­ sity of Texas at Austin where she will receive a degree in architectural engineering. She is a member of Chi Epsilon, 

Tau Beta Pi, Phi Kappa 
Phi and the American 
Association of Architec­ tural Engineers. 

Her fiance graduated from Robert E. Lee High 
School in Tyler. He will receive a degree in ar­ chitectural engineering from the University of 
Texas Austin in May. He is a member of Chi Epsi­ lon. Tau Beta Pi. and the 
American Association of 
Architectural Engineers. 
A May 22 wedding is planned in The Brazier at 
Los Patios 

Mr. and Mrs. Marcel 
Quebedeaux announce the engagement of their daughter. Suzanne Mig­ non, to 
Donald 
Paul 
West. He is the son of 
Mrs. Paul C. West and the late Mr. West. 

Lunk-Copeland 

Mr. and Mrs. Donald 
D. Funk announce the engagement of their daughter, Cynthia Ann, to Sum P. Copeland III. son of Dr. and Mrs. Sam 
P. Copeland of Silsbee. 
Tex. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert E. 
Lee High School and is attending Texas A&M 
University. 
< 
Her fiance graduated from 
Silsbee 
High 
School. He is a candidate for May graduation from 
Texas A&M University w here he is a member of the Corps of Cadets. 

A June 3 wedding is planned in Los Angelus 
Heights 
Methodist 
Church. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert E. 
Lee High School and re­ ceived a B A. degree in elementary education from Trinity University. lier fiance graduated from Thomas A. Edison 
High School and attended 
San Antonio College. 
An April 15 wedding is planned in Los Angeles 
Heights Presbyterian 
Church. 

The engagement of 
Miss Patsy Lovell lo Bart 
Allen Pelion, both of Aus­ tin. is announced by lier parents. Mr. and Mrs 
Paul L. Lovell. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Allen 
L Pelion of Fort Worth. 
The bride-elect attend­ ed Thomas Jefferson 
High School and gra­ duated cum laude from the University of Texas at Austin with a bache­ lor’s degree in journa­ lism. She was president of (lamina Delta Epsilon and a member of Sigma 

Delta Chi and Women in 
Communications. lier fiance is a gra­ duate of 
Arlington 
Heights High School in 
Fort Worth He is a can­ didate for May gradua­ tion from the University of Texas at Austin where he will review* a bache­ lors degree in business administration. Ile is a member of Alpha Phi 
Omega. 
A September wedding 

 i s planned i i i St. Austin's 
Catholic Church in Aus­ tin. 

The 5th Annual 

BhanAlSen 

Save to 2o % 

Now! Substantial 

Visit our Home Fashion Center 

 w h e r e Y o u 'l l I i u d . i i i a r r a y o f 

Sandora Nolan, 

Charles E. M ize 

 to be married 

 in Baptist vows 

Janet Smith, 

Merlin Martin 

 to say vows 

 in May rites 

Schat ten berg, 

\\ hilt nuptials 

 to be said 

Catholic Church 

 reductions from regular prices on an exciting selection of our most 

RIVER FESTIVAL 
FEBRUARY 
4/5/6 
FREE COUNTRY MUSIC 
ENTERTAINMENT 

On The River Walk In Downtown San Antonio 

LISTEN TO 
GREAT COUNTRY 68 
NOW FOR DETAILS. 
- - .... 
U M I A T C O U N T R Y R A D I O 

The engagement of Sandora Jeane 
Nolan to ( harles Eugene Mize, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles II. Mize, is an­ nounced by her mother, Mrs. Sandra J. 
Nolan of Pearsall. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Pearsall High School and San Antonio 
College of Medical and Dental Assis­ tance. 

Her fiance graduated from Robert E. 
Lee High School and Texas A&M Uni­ versity. 

Miss Janet Gaye Smith, daughter of 
Mrs. Lorraine Smith of Austin and C. 
Hershel Smith of Three Rivers, is engaged to Merlin Gary Martin. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. M. Winston 
Martin. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ro­ bert E. Lee High School. Her fiance graduated from Robert E. Lee High 
School and is a senior at Texas A&M 
University majoring in agriculture engineering. He is a member of the 
American Society of Agriculture En­ gineers and the Mechanized Agricul­ ture Club. 

Mr and Mrs. Herbert John Sehat- tenberg announce the engagement of their (laughter. Karen Lee. to David 
Matthew Whitt, son of Mr. and Mrs hail Y\ hilt. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Tho­ mas Edison High School Sin* attended 
San Antonio College and is majoring in early childhood education at the Uni­ versity of Texas in San Antonio. 

Her fiance attended Antonian High 
School and is a candidate for May graduation from the University of Tex­ as in San Antonio with a B A degree in sociology. 

 popular furnishings. 
Lik e these splendid adaptations of 16th and 
17th century English designs. 
GREAT COUNTRY 

( 

* San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
HONEY’ 

‘H O N E Y ’ DOUGLAS pins a b o u ­ 

 tonniere on an usher 

Slap c li is! i M e r . 

Like a skyfull of brilliant stars, our diamond cluster dinner ring in 
14 karat yellow gold is a gift to make the heart of a favored lady sing for joy. $1,725. 

Something Beautiful for Everyone.SM 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
American Express • BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 18781 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

I iF 

 zipper of lier gown opened from top to bottom. Nothing would fix it. 
“ W ell, I always go equipped with 
Scotch tape and pins, and we must have used 2oo pins to hold that dress together. Fortunately, she had a beau­ tiful stole to cover the patchwork, but what a tryin g tim e. It was a shaky night. 
“ Then there was the young man who was brought up in St. Luke’s Church and had dreamed all of his life of being married under a particular tree on the lawn. 
“ The day of the wedding, the rains came. A downpour. We had hanging baskets, ropes of ivy — everything. All of it had to be brought into the church . 
“ But everybody called to see if we needed help, even the Alamo Heights police and fire departments. I can’t begin to te ll you how great people are.” 
Most of the time, that is. 
“ Honey” has seen mothers of the groom try to upstage mothers of the bride. And mothers of the bride who would have nothing to do w ith the wedding. And parents who w eren’t speaking . 
(low boy boots 

One father of the bride arrived for a candlelight ceremony in formal dress and dirty, smelly cowboy bouts — and refused to wear anything else on his feet. 
"Y ou’re not going to walk down the aisle of 'rills CHURCH in those boots until you clean them.” she de­ clared, squaring off for a confronta­ tion. He cleaned ‘em! 
“ Most people are wonderful.” she says. “ Even the divorced parents usually do everything they can to make the occasion comfortable and happy for everybody." 
“ Honey” never runs out of stones, particularly those with happy endings. 
An out-of-town bridegroom almost held up his wedding in St. Luke’s due to a misunderstanding about who was picking him up. (His own car was hidden away at the hotel where the reception was to bi’ held). 
Due to “ Honey’s” insistence, the bride and her mother never knew until after the ceremony that a neighbor had seen the young man — i i i full dress uniform — pacing the sidewalk, and had offered him a ride. Not knowing that In’ was the bridegroom. 
W eliding cake r 
On another occasion, there was no wedding cake at a reception. The baker had misread the date. 
When “ Honey” learned id' the predi­ cament, she advised the manager of the country club to “ send out every­ body available to buy up all the Hydros and Fig Newtons til that end of town.” 
With a drum roll from the orchestra, the father of the bride told the guests what had happened, and added (just as 
"Honey” had coached him ), "Y ou’ll be 

I. II IS ll ll* 

 f a b r ic w arehouse 

 suprised how good a cookie tastes with champagne.” 

She rem inded the em barrassed mother of the bride: “ .Just think what a story th is w ill m ake when your daughter is rocking your grandchil­ dren. You are building wonderful me­ mories on these mistakes.” 

What memories “ Honey” has built! 
When a bridesmaid became ill at the church, she pulled another friend from the audience and sent her down the aisle in a dress that was too large and shoes that were too tight. She once borrowed a petticoat from a guest for a bride whose pantyhose ‘ ‘ showed though” her gown. 

"Honey” has learned to accept, even I though she doesn t approve, today’s J so-called “ new m orality.” 
"I'v e really tried to get hold of myself about this. These children need love and understanding more than any other time iii the world. 

"I know of four of five couples who were living together before they went down that aisle. I tried to explain my generation’s point of view, but I didn’t get very far. So I’m trying to accept their lifestyle. I don’t approve of it, but 
I'm not going to turn my buck on any of them.” 
People are sometimes uncertain about the services of the Wedding 
Build and amazed that there is no fee. 
"B ut Honey, what do you get out of it?” they ask. 

Prayer 

" I have my stock answ er.” she replies. " I always, say, ‘Bod pays me. because I meet so many wonderful people I wouldn’t meet in any other way. My life is enriched. 

" I always request that my bride arrive early so we can go into the church and see the decorations . 

"M any times we kneel together. I never take part in a wedding that I don’t have my few minutes with God and ask his help and blessings on those involved.” 

Frank and "H oney" Douglas, who will soon celebrate their 5oth anniver­ sary, are inspirations to many of these young people. And would be even more so if they knew about the frequent m iniature honeymoons — or "m in i- moons" as she calls them. 

“We go lo tin* Hill Country or the 
Coast — or we might even spend the weekend at the St. A nthony,” she laughs. " It keeps romance in m ar­ riage.” 

T hey're in sp ira tio n s to my new­ lyweds of a summer ago. 
The d is tra u g h t young man who hitched a ride to his wedding with a neighbor —■ and th a t’s now a very funny story — was our son-in-law. 
You’re right. “ Honey.” Memories are made of this. 

• 
• 
• 
WE DISCOUNT 
PRICES!! 
Voyeur' 

A U NOTIONS & PATTERNS EVERYDAY AU 
MERCHANDISE SOLD BY FABRIC WAREHOUSE 
IS FULLY GUARANTEED! THESE PRICES GOOD 
MON. THRU SAT., FEB. 7-FEB. 12 

M r and M rs 
U 
S 
Thompson .lr of Duncan, 
Okla announce the en­ gagem ent of th e ir daughter. Kay Lynn, to 
Harry .lersig Kuper. son el Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
A Kuper, 
The b rid e -e le ct g ra ­ duated from 
Duncan 
High School and the L’ni- 

Thompson-Kuper 

\ersity ol Oklahoma with a bachelor of musie edu­ cation degree i i i piano and voice. She was a member of Delt.i Delta 
Delta. Sigma Alpha Iota and the Concert Choir 
Sin* is also a member of tile San A ntonio Sym ­ phony Society J u n io r 
C om m ittee and tin* 

 a 
# 
' * 

C 
# v 

> 

XNY* 

,v>< 

 n o * ® :.v '° ° ' 
. 

 f t # 

> v ' 
, * » * * 

< otillion I bib of Dallas. 
Her fiance attended 
Alam o 
H eights 
H igh 
School and the University of Texas where lie was a member of Sigma Alpha 
Epsilon and the S ilver 
Spurs. Ile received a degree i i i ranch manage­ ment from Texas Chris­ tian University, lie is a member of tilt* Order of the Alam o and the Ba­ chelor’s Club of San An­ tonio. 
A May 2K wedding is planned i i i t i n * 
F irs t 
Christian Church in Dun­ can 

C h a m p ie n -D ie h l 

M r. and Mrs. Louis 
Thom as Cham pion an­ nounce the* engagement 
<»l their daughter. Kath­ erine Ann, to Buddy L. 
D iehl, son of M r. and 
Mrs. George Diehl of Ola. 
The bride-elect grad­ uated from 
Roosevelt 
High School and attended 
San Antonio College*. 
Her fiance is a grad­ uate* of Roosevelt High 
School He served iii the 
C S Navy 
The couple plans a 
| Marc h 211 wedding i i i the 
I Gazebo at Los Ratios 

 l*ru s k i-( a rte r 

Mr aud M r s . Isidore 
Hr us kl of I* a lls C ity announce the engage­ ment of their daughter, 
Josie Rruski, to Ronald 
Bruce Carter, son ot Mr. and Mrs R. ll. Carter Jr. of Big Spring, 
The b rid e -e le ct is a graduate of F u lls C ity 
High School. Her fiance graduated from 
Big 
Spring High School. 
The couple plans an 
A pril IB wedding in Nutt* v ity of the Blessed Virgin 
Mary Catholic Church in 
< estohouu. Tex 

( a rv u ju l-S te v e iis 

Mr and Mrs. Joseph L 
* arc alai announce Hit* cngaum eni of th e ir daughter, M ar) fa th e r* im*, to Tommy Ray Ste­ vens. sun of Mr and Mrs 
Jess Stevens of Kilgore 
The bride-elect is a graduated John Marshall 
High SciMMil, 
The* wedding Is planed fur March & in St, M atth­ ew’s Catholic Church. 

ASSORTED DRAPERY 
FRINGE 

I € 
YO. w a 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YARD 
PRICE 

EXCELLENT SELECTION IN ALL 

WIDTHS, GOOD COLOR CHOICE. 

| 
NATURAL JUTE 
BURLAP 

 a c w 
B YD price " T mf 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 
YO. 

NEW SHIPMENT 
A L L O N B O L T S 
JE R S E Y 

VALUES TO $ 1 .9 8 YD. 
9 

 f t < 
FULL 
W 
PIECE 

# YD. 
PRICE 
19 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

1oo% ACETATE - 45/6o" WIDTHS 
75/ ACETATE - 25% NYLON 

SAVE NOW ON FIRST QUALITY-ALL 
PURPOSE 1oo% JUTE 

NATURAL COLOR. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
ALL TOP WEIGHT 
E A S Y C A R E 
BLOUSE FABRICS 
99 

4 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 

I O 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

ALL ON BOLTS - 1oo% COTTON 
5o% COTTON - 5o% POLYESTER. 

GHANDI CLOTH 

A HEAVYWEIGHT CRINKLE 

CUT 
( y to 
ORDER 
T D . PRICE 

ON BOLTS - ASSORTED LENGTHS 
1oo% HERCULON - 54” WIDE 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YU. 
YD. PRICE 

5o% POLYESTER - 5o% COTTON 

 ft 

EXPRESS Business and finance 
Sunday Feb 6 1 9 7 7 
* Paae 
I G 

 im A D I# CT 
■ IVIHnlVE I 
COMMENT 
SwRI: Ideas in the country 

By RICHARD SMITH 
EXPRESS NEWS BUSINESS EDITOR 
Mention Southwest Research 
Institute and immediately the words “ thinktank” and “ super­ secret “ pop up. 
One dream s up the image of a group of men sitting around thinking, or an isolated bunch of inventors putting to­ gether some contraption. 
But actually, the installation set on a hill west of the city and at the end of a long winding road seems more like a placid college cam pus far rem oved from the real world. But th a t’s where the similarity ends. 
In fact, the complex of buildings here is teeming w ith some 1,4oo people busy at work stlving problem s other people couldn’t handle. 
Of th e se p eople, a p p ro x im a te ly two-thirds are working on some 5oo projects ranging from designing and building two-man m inisubm arines to 
— exploring the environmental effects of exhausts to the evaluation of lubri­ cants to the developments of new fuels. 
And yes, SwRI has its share of clas­ sified activity, the kind of projects that smiling workers tease outsiders with: 
“ Gee. I’d love to tell you more about this big job, but it’s top secret.” 
SwRI does have its m o re ex o tic aspects, but it’s still a business — and a tightly-run one at that. 
“ Although we do have a campus-like atm osphere around here,” says Dr. 
Martin Goland, president of the Insti­ tute, “ Underneath, there runs a disci­ pline of applied research. The projects a rc done w ith in c e r ta in tim e and fin an cial b u d g e ts , an d w e ’re very conscious of them .” 
“ W e’re in com petition with eight other com panies in the country like ours, not to m ention those research departm ents of universities and the large corporations.” 
Goland says that although there is a large degree of cooperation between the companies and some joint ventures on large projects, that num ber isn t very large. 
For businesses 
SwRI does research and testing work predominantly for business and industry which com prises 62 per cent of the firm ’s workload. The rem aining 
28 per cent is done for the government. 
According to com pany rep o rts for the past fiscal year, the backlog of signed contracts totaled $27.9 million, com pared with $28.1 million for the previous period. 
Goland, who is a m em ber of General 
Motors C orp.’s seven-m an scientific advisory board, is also head of the publicly funded 
Southwest Research 
F o u n d atio n an d th e S o u th w est R e­ search Consortium, formed a couple of 

 years ago as a joint effort of the two organizations. 
However, the Institute is a comple­ tely separate company which is funded by project contracts. 
No profits 

“ T he In s titu te is legally te rm e d 
‘n o t-fo r-p ro fit’ o rg a n iz a tio n .” he says. “ It does have a net income, but there are no profits, because there are no stockholders to receive them .” 
“ The funds which are left over after the expenses for testing, materials and salaries are taken out are plowed back into the company for improvements. 
SwRI’s net income for the past fiscal 

 year totaled $1.55 million, after taxes. its annual budget for the period was 
$4o.7 million, com pared with $36 m il­ lion and $3o million for the two p re­ vious years. 
Although the company is divided into 13 basic research divisions, with m any subordinate d ep a rtm e n ts, the company is flexible with its manpower and skills. 
Borrowed talent 
“ T here’s 62 people working in this departm ent alone,” says E.M. Briggs, director of the ocean engineering and structural design d ep artm en t which oversees the planning and fabrication of the m in is u b m a rin e s and d iv in g 

 bells, “ lf any expertise is needed in another departm ent, it’s borrowed for the job.” 
That philosophy is expanded to out­ side the com pany. According to Go­ land. SwRI contracts out talent from other com panies to work on its pro­ jects, elim inating the need for com ­ pany subsidiaries. 
The employe force of SwRI is built 

 around a core of highly educated laboratory specialists whose sole job is research and development 
“ F o r each r e s e a r c h e r we have here.” says Goland, “ there is one sup­ p o rting technician and a d m in is tra ­ tor." 
A p p ro x im ate ly 47o s ta ffe rs have degrees and 64o are technical a ssis­ tants. Of those having degrees, 65 hold 

 d o c to ra te s an d 131 h av e m a s te r s degrees. 
A run-down on just a very few of the projects in the null. 
• A simulated home kitchen is set to be burned by oil ignited in an over­ heated skillet. The inferno will be ex­ tensively recorded on film , to m ake recommendations for home safety. 
• A manufactured earthquake m ea­ suring 8 on the Richter scale to w ill be made for stress tests on valves used in nuclear reactors. 
• A herd of baboons is maintained for v ario u s e x p e r im e n ts in h e a lth fields. One experiment has a group of baboons sm oking (and inhaling) c i­ g a re ts to d e te rm in e tile effe c ts of smoking on the formation of fatty de­ posits in the arteries. 
• One of the firm ’s latest oceano­ graphy projects, now in the finishing stages, is the com pany’s Pioneer I and ll minisubmarines. 
Minisubs 
They were contracted for Martech, 
Inc., a Houston-based firm, for oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico. They are capable of diving to over 1,2oo ft. for observation or oil pipeline repair work Less than IO ft long, the elec­ trically propelled m inisubs will cost between $6oo,ooo and $7oo,ooo 
All this is a far cry from 1o47, when the Institute was founded by the late 
Tom Slick, ail oil millionaire who don­ ated part of his land for the facility. 
Dr. Harold Vagtborg, who died last year, served as the In s titu te ’s first president until 1o5o, until lie was suc­ ceeded by Goland. 
For almost 3o years, SwRI has been the hub of this type of activity, but to the o b se rv er sta n d in g on th e g ra ss among the buildings, it still rem ains like a placid college cam pus 
But don’t tell anyone here that. 
And under water also 

ENGINEERS at Southwest Research Institute rely heavily on compression tanks for testing stress on minisubs like the Deep- view, which is capable of diving to 2 ,o o o ft. below surface. 

Southwest R esearch In stitu te is heavily involved in the planning and fabricating of oceanographic equip­ ment. 
“ We’ve done some work on every deepsea su b m a rin e in the w o rld ," says E M. Briggs, director of SwIll’s o c e a n o g ra p h ic e n g in e e rin g and structural design departm ent. 
H ow ever, th e d e p a r tm e n t’s m i­ nisub projects are only part of the work. Briggs, an aeronautical engin­ eer before he becam e involved in oceanography with Swill 18 years ago, says his group is at work on some 3o others, in areas of prevent­ ing offshore oil well blowouts, indi­ vidual diving systems capable of de­ signing of going down 1.25o ft. and stress-testing on deep-water oil pi­ pelines. 

The subs are tested in p ressu re cham bers here and then again at sea. 
Briggs usually makes the pilot runs. 
“ You can lie guaranteed that these hulls are thoroughly tested for stress here,” he says. “ Out there, if there s a mistake somewhere, that’s it — you don’t walk away and try again." 
A look at so m e of the sm a sh ed hulls that didn t measure up is con­ vincing. 
Although Briggs has been involved in some secret work activities a1 the 
Institute h ere, he knows what it s like not to be com pletely clued iii sometimes. 
A couple of years when the CIA and 
Howard Hughes collaborated to raise a sunken Russian subm arine, Briggs was th ere testing the g ig an tic un­ d erw ater barge, the 11M B-1 which 

 was designed to lift tin* hulk up from a depth of 15,(KH) ft. of water. 
It was a tremendous undertaking, he says. The barge, which was a t­ tach ed u n d e rn e a th th e s h ip . T h e 
Glomar Explorer, was twice as long as two football fields. T he su b m a r­ ine’s hull weighed 1o,ooo tons. 
But the job was only partially suc­ cessful. D uring the lifting o p e r a ­ tions, the sub broke up and only half was salvaged. 
Despite the enorm ousness ot the task, Briggs noted that no one there really knew everything that was go­ ing O I I . 

" C o n s id e r in g th e p r o je c t w as funded by the CIA, and cost around a quarter of a billion dollars, it was a very well-kept secret," he says. 
Quarterly gains are m oderate to strong 

NEW VOUK — Reports of corporate profits in tile fourth quarter of 1976 are showing moderate to relatively strong 

-B y ------------------------ gains. 
And e a rn in g s in 1o77 will probably increase an additional eight per cent for chem ical com panies and banks, and as much as 2o p e r c e n t for oil c o m p a n ie s an d som e steel m akers, according to economic forecasters. 
P ro fits at m any brokerage houses, how­ ever. are expected to be down this year. 
Erie Herr, chief econo­ mist for Lionel D. Edie & 
Co an in v e s tm e n t 

KOBERT J. COLE 
N tw YORK TIMIS StRVICf 

 counseling concern, pre­ dicted that after-tax cor­ p o ra te p ro fits for the fourth quarter, at an an­ nual ra te , would total between $86 billion and 
$88 billio n , c o m p a re d w ith th e t h ir d - q u a r te r a n n u a l ra te p ro fits of 
$85.1 billion. 
Herr characterized the apparent fourth-quarter results as “ a weak p e r­ formance." 

-And from R o b ert A. 
G ough, a sen io r econo­ mist for Data Resources, 
Inc., an econom ic fore­ c a stin g and co n su ltin g com pany in Lexington. 
Mass.: 
" T h e r a te of profit growth is slowing som e­ what. but we don’t expect the slowdown to be d r a ­ m a t i c ," He noted that some industries, such as oil, were showing “ siza­ ble” paper profits while others, such as paper and metals, were "relatively mediocre." 

Robert E. Lewis, a vice p resid e n t in the econo­ mics deapartm ent of Ci­ tib an k . forecast aggre- 

Steel com panies are ex- pectin # 15 to 2 o per cent profits this year 

Two year low 

Sail Antonio's unemployment rate dropped to a two-year low at the end ol 1976 

Em ploym ent reached 356.856. a gain of 1,55o over November, and 
7.356 greater than in December 1975, according to figures released by 
Earnest C. Laeke, district director of the Texas Employment Commission. 

Laeke estim ates the labor force for 
March should surpass the 358,666 mark, with only a moderate raise in unem ploym ent to the 25.666 level during the usual post-season slow­ down. 

The bulk of the increese in em ­ ployment cam e during November and December, resulting from tradi­ tional increase in work forces to handle Christmas sales,he said. 

The 1.656 employes added in De­ cember pushed the total number of jobs filled to a new all-time high of 
321,856, surpassing the previous high set in June, 1974. 

M anufacturing w as a sm a ll contributor to the record with a hundred-employe increase over the 
November level. 

A breakdown of industrial arras showed a gain of about 166 in the food and allied products field, with leather goods rising by 51, The only losses in 

 the factory sector were dips of 56 each in the printing and apparel ar­ eas. 
'F or all of the 1976. the m anufac­ turing d ivision added to 2,366 workers to its payrolls for a n annual gain of 6 per cent, he said. This record increase indicates that the area's economy returned a far more vigor­ ous condition last year, and that community efforts to attract new bu­ sinesses are helping San Antonio to grew he said. 
For the second consecutive month, non-manufacturing established a new peak, rising to 281, with trade 256 providing m ost of the increase by adding 1,456 workers. Sm all gains were noted in the service and finan elal sectors, but the recent siege of wet weather forced a drop in the al­ ready-depressed construction sector of approximately 166 jobs. 

During the year, trade and govern ment sectors accounted for approxi­ mately three-fourths of aa additional 
4,666 workers, with 856 going to the facilities of ETNA 
Leake said Increases in both fac­ tory and non factor jobs should con tribute to a total Job rise In excess of 
322,666, While trade is expected lo shot considerable decline from Its holiday peak. othr divisions should shul enough ad d ition al to increase the over all tout by a small antaaai 

 gate fourth-quarter pro­ fits of $8o b illio n and called it “ a relatively strong quarter. 
He attributed the reco­ very m o re to a rise in sales than to wider profit m arg in s. P rofits in the steel in d u s try w ere m ix ed , w ith 
U nited 
States Steel and Bethle­ hem down sharply while 
Republic, Armeo, Inland and others were up. 
Attributing the pattern to product mix, Roger G. 
Young, steel analyst for 
Reynolds Securities, ex­ plained that U.S. Steel and 
B e th le h e m sold heavy construction steel and that this m arket was w eak w hile the o th e r p ro d u c e rs sold sh e et steel for cars, appliances and light construction — all re la tiv e ly stro n g markets. young p redicted that steel com panies such as 
In lan d and 
N atio n al would “ lead the way" in 
1977 with profits of " a t least 2o per cent.’’ 
He said Bethlehem and 
U.S. S teel, m eanw hile, would show gains of 15 to 
2o per cent, 
Cold 
Ile also said the bitter­ ly cold weather would bo an unsettling factor oil p ro fits in th e first quarter of this year. Ile noted the heavy concen­ tration of steel operations and steel users in Ohio, 
P e n n s y lv a n ia and In ­ diana, all states affected by a severe shortage of natural gas for industrial use. 
P ro fit w ea k n e ss i i i chemicals was attributed to both the lagging econ­ omy and some price 

 softness, particularly in plastics. A nanthan K S. 
Raman, chemical analyst at the First Boston Corp., said he had seen price discounts for some plas­ tics of five and It) per cent. 

He said that chemical c o m p a n ie s’ profits this year would possibly rise about 8 per cent eight per cent this year. 

R o b ert C h a u t, bank an aly st for Blyth E a s t­ man Dillon & Co., a ttri­ buted the strong fourth- q u arter gains for banks to heavy profits on bond d e a lin g s (a re s u lt of strong bond prices) and a peak in lo an -lo ss p r o ­ visions in the 1975 fourth quarter. 

As a re s u lt, he said, operating earnings in the last quarter, for 35 m ajor b an k s, w ere up 18 per cent, but were up only by two |>er cent for 1976 as a whole. 

 bliaut said he thought 
1977 would s ta rt slowly for banks but pick up in the se co n d h alf, with earnings rising by eight to IO p er c e n t for the year. 

Commenting nil strong oil p ro fits. T im othy .I 
Qua id and J a m e s E 
M ethane, oil a n a ly s ts w orking for 
M e rrill 
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & 
Smith, saki the increases w ere attributable in large m easure to higher p ric e s for n a t u r a l g as produced in the United 
Stales and higher e a r n ­ ings on refittin g and m arketing ut the Unite*! 
Stales 

The instant certificate 

Bexar County Savings’ 
Instant Certificate isn’t the only certificate that pays 61/4%. And, it isn’t the only one available for a $1 OOO deposit. However, it is the only certificate that pays interest this high on a day-in and dav-out basis. 
This means you can add or withdraw whenever you wish and still earn 61/4%. 
The ideal certificate is ... the Instant 
Certificate. Available only at Bexar 
County Savings. 

 is the ideal certificate 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% liexar County 
Savings 

13oo McCreless Shopping City, San Antonio. Texas 78223 
(512) 532*3136 

* Chartered iwp**vtw»d and u»*min«Kl rwgutMMy D* the 
Saving* and Loan Department of the Statu of Texas* 

- 

Is it tame now? 
SILHOUETTE of what looks like some prehistoric reptile is actually the sub-assembly for an ocean-going tanker’ which is being readied for installation. The tanker, which will carry liquefied natural gas, is being built in Newport News, Va. at a subsidiary of Tenneco, Inc. 
Economics not all that dismal with TV series 

By BERNARD D. ROSSITER 
W ASHING TO N POST St BVIC I 
LONDON 
— 
Tilt* d ism a l science lias been taken lur a joyful ride in a new television series here. An inspired colla­ boration between the BBC and 
John Kenneth Galbraith. 
An idiosyncratic look at industrial society, the series’ 13 hours range from 
Adam Smith and the Age of Reason to 
Henry Kissinger and the Age of Un­ certainty. 
All the wit and skill of Galbraith and the BBC’s imaginative producers have been poured into this venture. 3 1*2 y e a rs in the m a k in g , film ed in 19 countries, with a cast of hundreds of men, women and cardboard cutouts. 
The end product is a worthy succes­ sor to Bronowski’s ’ Ascent of M an,” 
( la rk 's “ C ivilization” and C ooke's 
“ America.” 
London viewers saw the first install­ ment last month The show is due i i i the U.S. on public service broadcasting in the early spring. 
G a lb ra ith , re c en tly re tire d from 
H arvard, m akes an urbane and s u r ­ prisingly mellow guide to a broad aud characteristically personal set of con­ cerns about the modern world. lh' steers viewers through the rise of cap ita lism , m oney. M arx and corn- 

Show is scheduled to spring on l*HS air here this 

 iTNVENTORS 1 

IF YOU HAVE 
A BETTER 
“ IDEA” 
/ / T 
X 
• AN INVENTION • NIW PRODUCT 
• IMPROVEMENT ON AN EXISTING 
PRODUCT THEN Call or Writ*... 
D U B R U L TIONAL D I V lN T O t t , I N C 
I S . A C T IO N N O W . " O n e • ( l l * largos!, twit known and rotpoctod compania* of our kind, fill in Iko coupon and mail to HOO NI loop 41o, Suite 2oSF, San Antonio, 

T o n a l 7o217 . C A U o * S IN O 
X A A 
NAM I..................... 
- 
...* • » .* 

A O O t t S S ....................... 
..................... rnOMC__ 

C I T Y .................... 
POE OU* 
............ St AU fjj 
P ill MOCHUtK (S II) 8 2 t-3 S 3 9 

 m unism . the m ultinational co rp o ra­ tion. the city, underdeveloped lands and the Soviet and A m erican m ili­ tary-industrial complexes. 
The whole thing could have been dry as dust. Instead, it is unfailingly en­ tertaining. The BBC’s resourceful use of cutouts, actors, graphs and clever cam era work turn abstract notions into concrete images. 
Flapping turkey 
Galbraith explains a m arket in the middle of flapping turkeys and chick­ ens at a French country market. Adam 
Smith illustrated the productive ad ­ vantages of the division of labor with a pin fac to ry . 
The 
BBC offers 
18th-century workers cutting, squeez­ ing. sharpening and flattening iron to make the point unforgettable. 
A pair of well-fed actors iii tricorns and knee breeches wink and not over the port. Sm ith s o b serv atio n that 
“ Two people of the same trade seldom meet together, hut the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the pub­ lic” is brought to life. 
The Rev. Malthus warns that food increases arithm etically but popula­ tion geometrically, a disparity righted 
Mall group elects slate 

The 1977 officers of the 
Windsor Park Mall Mer­ chants' Association have been announced by Ed 
Allen, manager of Mont­ gom ery W ard and the association's 197(1 p resi­ dent. 
O fficers elected arc. 
Norm Anda, m anager of 
Jo sk e’s, president; Bob 
Bowen, m anager of .UU. 
Penney, vice president and 
K am el 
S am s, m anager of Dillard's, se­ cretary/i roasurer. 
^ Great c A m erica n 

 b a r g a i n 
WANT ADS! 

IIM £ 
IV Excellent Investment 
\ Opportunity in 
Apartments 

D e p a r t m e n t o f H o u s in g a n ti I r b a n D r* e lo p iiie n l in* iii* b ilio (to l i l t I o lio * in n p r o p t rly 

 orfly by war or famine. 
An a n im a te d p ic to g ra p h d e m o n ­ strates the relationship. Better yet. a brooding and sardonic Galbraith looks over an Irish landscape and describes how Malthus uos justified in the potato famine. 
F o r once, the p ro fe s s o r’s cool is shaken and even now he is bitterly indignant over the B ritish officials, wedded to simplistic free m arket no­ tions. refu sin g the Irish aid . G a l­ b raith ’s serm onette underscores the series’ opening words from Keynes: 
“ A p ra c tic a l m en. who believ e themselves to be quite exem pt from any intellectual influences, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.” 
Explode myths 
But Galbraith promises to explode myths “ without too much solemnity'' and he keeps his pledge for the most part. With his own creation. UGE (for 
Unified Global E n terp rises), he exa­ mines the modern corporation. 
His prototype, with its catchy jingles and ads. grew up by selling tainted beef to the arm y in the Spanish-Amer­ ican war; sprinkled sawdust liberally rn its sausages and breakfast foods for consum ers; and then hooked a cola generation with a cocaine additive. 
T hanks to “ creative acco u n tin g .” 
UGE swaps its paper for the paper of other firm s, goes m ultinational and establishes a P aris headquarters be­ cause that is where the best food, more accessible women and the Crazy Horse 
Saloon can be found. 
I bis irreverent treatment seems far m ore r e a lis tic than th e b land and docile description that Galbraith offers of the “ real life” Philips Corp., one of the four c o m p a n ie s th a t d o m in a te 
Holland. 
Inevitably, Galbraith has persuaded the BBC, p erh ap s unwisely, to ride som e of his own e c c e n tr ic hobby horses. Ile treats viewers to a replay of his notion that corporations are really run by a "te c h n o s tru c tu re " of m a r­ keting specialists, house lawyers and economists, scientists and other tech­ nicians. Only a man who does not work for a large corporation can believe that it is anything Out a hierarchal struc­ ture with power narrowing at the top. 
G albraith, however, is much more convincing when he shatters the notion that the consum er is king. I hat co r­ porations have no pow er to control their sales and prices. 
Curiously, he fails lo mention that most common piece of corporate per­ suasion. the sim ple bribe. But G al­ braith is constantly rewriting himself 
— he long ago abandoned his strange belief i i i countervailing power, the idea tlint big government, big labor and big business balance instead of reinforce each other. 

Civil service pay could use a boost 

New Light Village Apartments, 
San Antonio, t exas 

MINIMUM PRILE: 
TERMS: 
REQUIRED DEPOSIT: 

No Slated Minimum 
All Lash Net to III I) 
.">% of Offering Price with Hid. 
Halunee at D o lin g 

Twenty-four lwo-»torv walk up bu ilding containing RH unit*, plus a commercial building, located al ti til L. Commerce Si reel. 

A D D IT IO N Al, MI l i l t A d i n 
P R O P E R T IE S ARE OFFE R I ll. A mailing lot i» mainiainrd lur having a nationwide tniereal .o il ily in 
Mnlli(aiuil) t'ri.fwrin**. A* m h i a* a property bacons- available, lite Proof** 
•un I* aulomaikally mailed lo )t»ii Ti* have your nam* plated on tin. mailing ll*!, write oil )ouf Int. »hrad i«* the ad dfrM .loi* ti IwUivv 

OBTAIN PRO SPECTU S KOR AU D I­ 
TIO N AL 
INFORM ATION. 
All bid. mu»t conform to pnaproai iuiitd by the 
Ib’parOnmit, M a il lo u p o n (or pomp**! lu­ 

 st AM D RIDS W II I Hi; RECEIVED 
A N I) pl HI Ii LY OPENED AT 11 UH) 
AM. IAK Al TIMP. MARCH 9. 1977 
AT A DD H Ks** s n o w \ |« | m w 

The Pun haver mutt provide tor payment of the lull pun baw pro « in cosh 

 i i i p a r I M E N T O * 
H O I S I N I , ANI) 
I R H A N I I I A I I O P M E N I 

I lf): I' n| C lo p * 11* o l.)M **lttO O 
Routing 
Room I jai 
O I ?ih s tir* I. s VV lf], JOI IM 

Send tile im m ediate!v without ob lig a tio n a 
Prosper tu» for 

New Li^ht Villano Apartm ent! 

Bk amt »( P S T 

**_ 
Mal ll ll is I oujiof I tod j\ tmtix.iin jMmjxi tux 
■ HUD 
■ 

■ 

 i 
^ ^ ^•a d u n a io H ll 

By HOBART ROWEN 
WASHINGTON - It’s hard to counter the argum ent that car­ eer civil ser v ic e sa la ries need the su b sta n tia l kind of an in ­ c r e a s e r e c o m m e n d e d by a special presidential com m ission and by the Ford administration. 
In the four top grades, some 2o,ooo persons have all been receiving the sam e frozen salary for the last eight years. 
That com pression with no hope of further advancem ent leads to early retirement of good people who would otherwise be devoted government ser­ vants. and to low morale among those who stay. 
"T he rate of good people leaving the governm ent in the upper grades has becomea flood,” according to a report p rep a re d last D ecem b er u n d er the direction of Peter G. Peterson of Leh­ m an B rothers, fo rm e r S ecretary of 
Commerce under Nixon. 
But can the sam e case for higher salaries be made for top-level political appointees even if they give up six-fi­ g u re s a la r ie s from p riv a te corporations? 
One who arg u es that a distinction should be made be between the prob­ lem at the career level and the political appointee is Henry Wallich, a former 
Vale University professor and now a governor of the Federal Reserve Sys­ tem. 
Favors boost 

Wallich strongly favors a boost for the c a re e r civil se rv ic e, but no in ­ crease in pay for political appointees on the ground that such persons’ “ li­ fe tim e In c o m e ’’ not only d o es not su ffe r w hen they ta k e a top government job, but is likely to be en­ hanced. 
The Peterson report recom m ended pay in c re a se s that would m a k e s a ­ laries more com parable with private industry, except for the top 2,ooo posi­ tions, where isn t possible. 
"lf you were to pay the President on a c o m p a ra b le b a s is ,’’ says W esley 
Liebtag, executive director of the Pe­ terson commission, “ you'd have to pay him $5 million a year.” 

But a portion of the research for the 
Peterson report by Dr. Arnold Weber, provost of the Carnegie-M ellon U ni­ versity and a former Assistant Secre­ tary of Labor, seem s to support Wal­ lich’s thesis. 
Weber’s material showed that after a five-year stint in government, top-level a d m in is t r a to r s . C o n g re s sm e n and judges return to private employment with higher salaries, up to double their earlier private pay. 
Weber nonetheless argues that this data doesn 't prove W allich’s point. 
“ You could stand his argum ent on its 
The Week 
In Business 

 head,” Weber said in a telephone in­ te rv iew . “ T h ese a r e p ro b a b ly th e high-stepping people who would have been on a fast-rising incom e curve, anyway. So m aybe you're just m e a ­ suring the sacrifice they made by their government service." 
There is no doubt, to he sure, that m any retirin g go v ern m en t officials have been able to cash iii newly won headline exposure with better jobs, or steady cash on the advisory or lecture circuit. 
But this doesn’t mean that the term s of government service should be made so onerous that a w illing and able individual “ has to take a beating” to get into a government job, Weber says. 

Wallich concedes that some govern­ ment officials have had a “ cash flow” problem, even where they could anti­ cipate a later restoration of a higher private income. 
A case well known here concerns ail under secretary in the Nixon’adminis- tration, who borrowed heavily as his children becam e of college age. and when his credit ran out, resigned to return to his job in a m ultinational corporation. 
Loan program 
Wallich’s solution for the ‘‘liquidity problem ” would be a loan program , rather than a higher salary. But one wonders how practical this would be. 
Weber’s survey for the Peterson re­ port showed that if a person faced col­ lege tuition expenses within the ensu­ ing five years, he was likely to turn down a government job. 
Money, thus, unfortunately counts. 
Current income m eans more than “ li­ fetime earnings” for all but the top ‘JOO to 3(1o government officials, according to Liebtag. lf Liebtag is right, unless we want to limit candidates for the top positions in 
Washington to the very wealthy, the inexperienced young, the elderly look­ ing to cap a career, and possibly the political hack, we had b etter do so­ mething quickly about all government salaries — except tor Congress. 
There, a closer look is needed, for the “ p erk s” of office and the fringe benefits are so staggering that they dwarf whatever monetary figure is in­ cluded. And nothing should be done on any raises without the recommended new code of ethical conduct. 
Bank appoints three 

Three officers have been promoted at Alamo National Bank, announced 
Reagan Houston, board chairm an, and 
John K. Meyer, president. 

Elected are Harry A. Tennis. Master 
Charge operations, T hom as Robert 
Sm ith. III, ban k in g se rv ices, and 
Blaine R. Hall, Jr., trust. 
Tennis joined the bank in 1974. after serv ing as a m aster sergeant iii the U. 
S. Air Force. 
A graduate of San Antonio College with a d eg ree in data processing. 

Tennis was a (lata processing officer with the bank. 
Smith, a graduate of Trinity Univer­ sity with a degree in economics and history, is a m e m b e r of the F ree 
Enterprise Council Speakers Bureau of the G reater San Antonio Chamber of 
Commerce and various organizations. 
Hall, a graduate of the University of 
Texas at Austin, will remain in the 
I rust departm ent. He serves on the board of directors of the Half-Way 
House of San Antonio, and is a m em ber of the San Antonio Bromeliad Society. 
Parade will kick o ff show activities Friday 

In just five more days the 28th annual San Antonio L ivestock 
Show and Rodeo will be open officially. 
Joe F re em a n Coliseum already is humming w itll aetiv ity. but that vv ill be nothing compared to the bustle of F ri­ day. 
When all the trail riders begin com ­ ing onto the grounds after the Friday morning parade in the downtown area. the grounds will start filling up. 
If the w eather is good Saturday, a huge crowd can be expected. Steer judging will start Saturday ut 8 a.rn. 
Show growth 
The cattle division is a good example of the spectacular growth of the San 
Antonio show. 
That first year the steer judge had to select the show s grand champion from am ong just four breeds. Those were 
A ngus, 
B ra h m a n . 
H erefo rd and 
Shorthorn. 
T his v ea r the ju d g e will have to study the champions of 14 breeds in selecting the grand champion. The IU breeds which have been added over the years are Charolais, Santa Gertrudis, 
Red Angus. Polled Hereford. Brangus, 
Sitnmental, Limousin. British Crosses, 
Chiamna and Maine-Anjou. 

T his y e a r ’s judge will be a little weary by the time he finishes judging nine classes of steers Saturday. 
Ile will resu m e Ins activities at 8 a.m. Feb. 14 for the final five breeds. 
The high point of some boy’s or girl’s life will be reached shortly after noon 
Feb. 14 when the judge slaps the steer which he selects as the show’s grand champion. 
Ju d g in g of on-hoof en tries in the quality beef, pork and lamb contests will be held Wednesday and Thursday. 

If la JUST OPCHtD! s n m p u T E H 
SEEP 

M I C R O C O M P U T E R S 
FOR 
HOME, 

OFFICE. SCHOOL. OR 
FACTORY. 

CUSTOM S Y S T E M S FOR 
EVERY 

APPLICATION ANO BUDGET. 
OR 

BUILD 
IT YOURSELF AND SAVE. 

JOIN THE COMPUTER REVOLUTION. 

SEE THIS NEW TECHNOLOGY TODAY. 

 e s t 2 
S t * 
M f 

 before the official show start. 
The beef and lam b entries will be judged W ednesday, sta rtin g at 7:3o a.m ., and the port Thursday, starting at 8 a.m. 
Winners of the quality meat contests will be announced at IO a in. Saturday. 
C arcasses of the cham pion anim als will go on display at ttiat time in the 
Family Center. 
Still another early event will be the first go-round iii the c u ttin g horse contest Wednesday, starting at 2 p rn. 
First sales 
First sales of the show will be beld 
Saturday. 

Pile 191 h annual sale of the Alamo 
Q uarter Horse B reeders Association will sta rt at 2 p.m . Saturday at the horse arena and an all breeds swine sale at the same tim e iii the swine a r­ ena. 
A Brangus sale has been scheduled for 2:3o the sam e day at the sales barn. 
About IOO o u ts ta n d in g Q u a r te r 
Horses will be offered in the AQHBA sale. Ike Hamilton of West Monroe. 
La . will be the auctioneer. 
Garden schools 
F irst in a series of sp rin g garden schools will be held at 1:3o p.m. Feb. 11 at the San Antonio Garden Center ut 
331o N. New Braunfels Ave. An evening session will cover the sam e topic at 7 p m. at G arner Middle School at 43o2 
Harry Wurzbach. 
In the first session Dr. J e r r y M. 
Parsons, Texas Agricultural Extension 
Service vegetable specialist, will dis­ cuss home vegetable gardening. 
Other sessions will be Feb. 21. Feb. 
28 and March 7 at the sam e places and times. Subjects will be Practical Lawn 
C are. F eb . 21; H om e p ro p a g a tio n 
(grafting, cuttings, etc.), Feb. 28. and 
Hobby Greenhouses. March 7. 
Marketplace 

GMG TRUCKS 
I Wheel Drive. Short fc Long Wheel 
Base Vanduras & Suburbans 
TINDALL & SON 
Pontica, GMG 
Beer distributors pay record high for cans 

A record $1%5 million was paid by 
Pearl Beer distributors during 1976 for nearly 23o m illion used alum inum beverage cans. 
Lee Birdsong, president of Pearl 
Brewing Co., said the 23o million recycled cans represents nearly 97.7 lier cent of P earl’s alum inum c an sales in Texas, or a 72 per cent increase over 
133 million cans recycled in 1975. 
Birdsong said he was gratified at the response to the com pany's environ­ mental program and predicted that this year would m ark another record. 
“ We anticipate that the volume of alum inum cans Pearl recycles will 

 be­ in- increase substantially tills year cause of our two-cent per pound crease in price," he said. 

The price increase for used alum inum beverage cans had been announced by the company earlier this month. Approximately KH) distributors in Pearl s statew ide environm ental program now pay 17 cents per pound for ull-aiuminum cans. 

Since the company's implementation of the can recovery program in 1973. approximately 474 iii i ll ion used alu ­ minum can have liven recycled at a cost of million paid lo collectors 
Bank sets prom otions 

 l o u d HOUSING 

IM KH M M I B l (OImZJI ii ! Y'Yl iil 

Five officers liave been promoted al 
B exar C ounty N atio n al H ank, a n ­ nounced bank presid en t Bv roil Le* 
Hor*. 
Named were Holier! W ( ’arisen, vice president and trust officer; Roberta 
IVaree. vice president; Roy VY, Craig. 
Richard Bradford and Juan T Henge I* maut!, assistant vice president* 
( aristoi Jo»iud the bank in 1975 with a 
(•ackgroood of banking merchandising in In trull, M idi , where he was a 

 member of the Financial Analyst Ho defy. 
Ile is active in the Boy Scouts ti 
America and the Hun Antonio by iii phony, 
Mrs Pearce is a native Halt Automat who joined Hie (tank in HM2 and cut nutty supervises the to m merci*) nub department 
( raig, retired from Hie U H Navy ii 
I9M, ion ted the hank in 1971. serving a1 personnel manager 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday Feb 6 1977 4. 

In Business 

A Certificate of Achievement ha* been awarded to Angelo P. Zottarelli, a special representative in 
San Antonio for the Jefferson Standard Life Insur­ ance Company. 
Zottarelli received the award for having com­ pleted the c o m p a n y ’s ad v a n ced u n d e rw ritin g school held at the home office in Greensboro, N C. 
The Board of Directors of Barrett Industries has elected Harold McDonald president. 
Formerly vice president, McDonald is a regis­ tered engineer. 
Armando Rodriguez has been named vice pre­ sident for m em berships, security and trusts for the 
Government Employes Credit Union. 
Rodriguez joined the credit union in 1972. 
Jan Kassaw of Frost National Bank placed first in the local American Institute of Banking Public 
Speaking Contest held at the Summit Tower. 
Jessie Miller of the National Bank of Commerce took second and Sylvia Lazos of Frost National 
Bank placed third. 
Miss 
Kassaw will represent the San Antonio 
AIB Chapter at the District 6 meeting in Dallas. . 
William B. Saxon has been promoted to senior sales executive of the Hooper Information Systems, 
Inc. of San Antonio. 
Saxon was branch m anager of the Fort Worth office. 
Gary McFadden has joined the A. H. Robins 
C om pany, a R ich m o n d -b ased p h a rm a c e u tic a l firm, as a medical service representative. 
McFadden will represent the com pany’s South 
Texas Division and will work in the San Antonio area. 
Marty Decotis, of the San Antonio Snelling and 
Snelling office, has been appointed to a three-year term on the com pany’s National Advertising Com­ mittee. add one people in bus 
The nine-m em ber com m ittee is responsible to the 5oo offices throughout the United States and 
South America. 
Tesoro P etroleum Corporation has appointed 
Bill W. Andrus vice president of Tesoro Crude Oil 
Company. 
Tesoro also has appointed Robert McDaniel to the position of assistan t tr e a s u re r at T esoro's headquarters in San Antonio. 
Cullen Center Bank & Trust has promoted Dahl 
M arshall to senior vice p resid e n t of the tru st division. 

Robert A. Rosenthal has joined C. Bruno & Son, one of the Human musical instrum ent distribution companies. 
He w ill have responsibility for general business development and will be based in San Antonio. 

Jesse J. Erben and 
M. Dayton Conklin have joined the San Antonio office of Rauscher Pierce 
Securities Corporation as vice presidents. 
George C. Benson has joined Champlin Petro­ leum Company as crude oil buyer at Champlin s 
Houston office. 
A graduate of Tulane University. 
Benson is a native of San Antonio. 
Jeanne Rzcznik has been promoted to assistant secretary at San Antonio Savings. She will continue in her capacity as loan closings officer in the 
Mortgage Loan Division. 
Jam es Woo has been elected senior vice presi­ dent of Datapoint Corporation. 
Woo is president of AMCOMP, Inc. 
Annie Mae Holland has been promoted to vice president of the Bank of San Antonio. She has been with the bank for four years. 
Allen & O'Hara M anagement, Inc. has appointed 
F rank W illson the new general m anager of Turtle 
Creek Country Club. 
Willson is a m em ber of the Texas Restaurant 
Assn., the Club M anagement Assn., the VFW and is the Mayor of Live Oak 
Stanley Morton. Bob Heir and 
Tom Van De 
Walk have been added to the com m ercial sales division of Resow and Kline Realtors of San An­ tonio. 
Jaek Skipper has been appointed as general m a n a g e r of the W onderland S hopping C enter. 
Linda Magatagan is the new director of advertis­ ing and public relations. 
Mrs. Magatagan is on the board of directors of the Greater San Antonio Builders Assn. 

Cindy Propp has been appointed m arketing officer at Broadway. 
Mrs. Propp is enrolled in the American Insul­ a t e of Banking and has ten years experience. 
Dr. Jam es Buttery has been named president of the Medical Executive Board of the Baptist Me­ morial Hospital. 
Dr. Buttery is a graduate of the University of 
Texas Medical School in Galveston and has been on the BMUS staff for 25 years. . 
Herb Booth, former announcer at Channel 5. has joined the Banker's Life Insurance Company. 
Booth worked with Channel 5 for 12 years. 
Pinto worked with Clyde Campbell in Fort 
Worth for four years. 
Advertising by Shirley has appointed Pat Booth as public relations director. Mrs. Booth form erly was with Channel 5 television. 
Otis Crookcr has been appointed as Account 
Servicing officer at B roadw ay N ational Bank. 

Magatagan 

Morton 

Propp 

Buttery 

Skipper 

Van De W alk 

Heir 

Holland 
Marketplace 
The Local Ledger 

Brown Flying Service. South Texas wholesaler for Piper Aircraft Corp., was recognized bv Piper for achieving 131 per cent penetration of 1978 sales targets’ selling 98 units during the year, surpassing 1975 totals by 46 The company projects a 15 per cent sales increase this year with the introduction of three new Piper models. 
J. Sekins A Ce.. Inc.. Dallas-based customhouse brokers, has opened a local office here at 18o2 NE Loop 41o. The local office, managed by Woodrow 
W. Coffey, will process ocean and air shipm ents for local im porters and exporters. 
Southwest Airlines Co. ( AMEX-LUV) has declared a five-for-four stock split on common stock, distributed M arch 16 to shareholders Feb. 23. resulting in an additional 397.3oo shares being issued to shareholders. The company intends to pay 7 cents a share on the increased number of out­ standing shares. 
Harte-Hanks N ewspapers, Inc. 
(NY SE) has acquired The Mountain 
Press. Inc.. Gatlinburg. Term., which publishes The Gatlinburg Press and two other publications. The common stock of the company was traded for 
75,ooo of Harte-Hanks stock. 
Pearl Brewing t o. public relations program was selected by PH News, a public relations newsletter, as one of the IU best of the year. The statewide environmental program was handled by Goodwin, Danneubaum. Hillman and Wingfield, a Houston-based advertising company. 
National Bancshares t orp. of Texas, has announced a quarterly cash dividend of 32 cents a share, payable April I to March 18 shareholders 
Gary Pools, Inc. 
Ill NE Loop 41o, has been aw arded contracts for municipal pools in Eagle Pass and San Angelo, among other projects in the state. 
The Pitluk Group, advertising, marketing and public relations firm, has receieved a na'Iona! award for outstanding hank advertising The award was received for the “ Lose Wait” campaign designed for I entral Pork Bank. 
I ox-Nianley Photo Products, Inc. declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 and a half cents a share on outstanding common stock, payable Mar.I, to 
Feb 15 stockholders 
Baku International I orp < BKO-NVSE/PSE/BSEl announced revenues for Hie first fiscal quarter ended Dec. 31. were $151 7 million, up 15 per cent from the sim ilar 1975 period Ne! income rose 6 7 per cent lo 912 8 million and e arn in g s per share climbed 5 » per cent to 9o cents, over 85 cent* of jhe similar 1975 quarter. The company operates Hahtrline IMI I k id I quipiiirnl 
\ Federal procurement conference will be sponsored by Congressman 
Bob Krueger at Schreiner College in Kerrville Feb IU TW one-day hireling 
Is designed to provide information on contracting government purchasing of company products Fur more information, call <25-7347 or 3 9 -MMS 

Experts debate over 
Carter’s tax package 

By LEONARD SILK 
NEW YOM TIMES SERVICE 
NEW VORK - As in Goldi­ locks and the Three Bears, som e people think President Carter s two year $31.1 billion pac kage of fiscal stim ulants is too big. 
But some think it is too small while others think it is just right. 
In som ew hat oversim plified n a r r a ­ tion. those who think it is too big are worried about regenerating inflation, needlessly creating an unnecessarily big budget deficit and high interest rates and im parting a hectic go-stop pattern to th e -economy. 
Those who think it is too small con­ tend that it will not cure unem ploy­ ment and will not lift consumption and in v e s tm e n t en o u g h to r e s to r e prosperity. 
T h e re fo re it is a h a lf-h e a rte d , w eak -k n eed p o litica l c o m p ro m is e , they argue. 
And those who think it is just right are mostly people who work for P resi­ dent Carter. 
But not ev e ry o n e who w o rk s for 
Carter thinks it is just right. It cannot even be certified that C arter himself thinks so. 
The Carter economic team is saying: 
' This is the starting point. L et’s see how it goes, lf we need more, we’ll do m ore. If we need less, we can still trim .” 
In brief, the package produced by 
Commuters purchase 
Metro 

Swearingen Aviation lias announced the sale of a M etro ll to E m p ire 
Airlines, and the delivery uf the first of four to Air Midwest 
The 19-passenger propjet purchased by the New York com m uter, will be delivered in June. 
E m p ire presently operates a pas­ senger airline and parcel carrying service between Boston, Newark and the twin cities of Utica/Rome, New 
York. The airline is located at Oneida 
County Airport. 
The Metro II will fly from LTica- 
/Rome to Newark in 45 minutes and make the U tica/Rom e to Boston run in 
7o minutes, the company said. 
P aul Q u ack en b u sh , p resid e n t of 
Em pire, said the Metro’s pressuriza­ tion. air conditioning, increased pas­ senger carry-eapability and 3oo mph speed will have positive passenger acceptance. 
Also, the company noted the delivery of the first of four airliners to Air 
Midwest, a Wichita-based regional air carrier. 
Air Midwest received limited certi­ fication in O ctober from the Civil 
Aeronautics Board to serve eight cities iii Kansas. 

A starting p o in t or a p o litica l compromise? — jVo one's certain 

Treasury Secretary W. Michael Bin* menthal; Charles L. Sehultze, c h a ir­ man of the Council of Economic Ad­ v ise rs , and B u d g et D ire c to r B ort 
Lance is what gam e theorists call a 
“ minimax solution’’ — one that avoids the biggest risks of being wrong on either side. 

M in im ax idea 
Hie m inim ax principle, developed by the m athem atician John von Neu­ m ann and applied to econom ies by 
O skar M orgenstern, is that, when a wrong choice will result in a serious loss, the best hope if to minimize the maximum loss 
In the present state of the American economy, there are two major losses to be m inim ized One is inflation. The o th er is u n e m p lo y m e n t. P re s id e n t 
Carter is trying to minimize his m axi­ mum losses in both directions 
I he first-y e ar p ack ag e for fiscal 
1977. ending next Sept. 3o. will total 
$15.5 billion, of which $13.8 billion is in tax cuts — and of that $114 billion is the $5o-a-person tax rebate to be paid in the spring. 
Skeptics — especially followers of 
Prof. Milton Friedm an of the Univer­ sity of C hicago who b eliev e iii his 
“ permanent income theory" — content that the tax cut will have little effect in spurring consum ption and the gross national product, because people tend to save a tem porary increase in their income ra th e r than change th eir li­ festyle and make permanent spending commitments. 
Sam e proportion 
But for small, tem porary increases iii income — such as President Ford s tax rebates in 1975 — the evidence is that, with a lug. people will spend or save the tem porary extra income in roughly the sam e proportion as they do any other increase. 
They m ay even sp en d rela tiv e ly more of a small, tem porary increase lilts is what Prof. Paul A. Samuelson of th e M a s s a c h u s e tts I n s titu te of 
Technology calls the “ block p a r t s " effect — the urge to go out and have a ball with a small-sized windfall. 
Even if one uses it to pay off debt. this viewpoint holds, the recipient is then iii a better position to acquire new debt aud use it to acquire some new good. 
A rthur M. Okun of the Brookings 
Institution suggests that it would make sense for Sears, Roebuck & Co. and other retailers to stage buy-now-wlth- your rebate promotions as the Great 
Atlantic and Pacific Tea Co. did at the time of President Ford s tax rebate in 
1975. 
The 1975 experience suggests that this time one can again expect a one- quarter lag after the tax rebates come through before consumption leaps for­ ward. 
But starling in the second q u arte r alter the tax-cut — which would be the 

 third quarter of this year — spending should pick up more strongly. 
As the rebates are spent and respent bv the recipients, the multiplier effect on the gross national product is ex­ pected to nearly double the initial size of the tax cut. 

C a rte r’s econom ists es tim a te that the roughly $15 billion tax-cut-and- spending package of fiscal 1977 will raise the level of the CN P in the final quarter of this year by $25 billion 

That will add approximately 1.5 per cent to the GNT and lift the growth rate (which would otherwise have been 

Holt prom otes four 

Four promotions at Holt Machinery 
Co. have been announced by Holt Ath­ erton. president. 
Appointed were: Thurm an Barrow, en g in e s a le s r e p r e s e n ta tiv e ; Bob 
Young, sales rep rese n tativ e E. I). 
(Bud) Craddock, m a n a g e r—special projects, and Emery (Red) Huegele. used equipment manager. 
Barrow joined the company in 1963 as field serviceman. In 1973, lie became shop supervisor. His current responsi­ bilities include engine sales in the southern half of the com pany’s sales area. 

MONTH 
FINANCING 

Let SIC finance your next new car. You can spread those payments up to 4 8 months! The amount of those payments de­ pends on your down payment, length of loan. insurance etc (Check with us on terms and rates for used cars, to o ) 

W h e n you are th in kin g of a new car. 

JUST CALL OR VISIT THE fSTCl OFFICE NEAREST YOU. 

38o3 Son Pedro 
736-1521 

1o1o S.W. Military Dr. 
924 4871 

232o Southcrots 
532 4171 

4433 Fredericksburg Rd. 
732-6151 

225 East Elmira 
225-2676 

Offices also in Del Ria and New Braunfels 

 expected to be 4 5 per cent) up 6 per cent 
The lift in the second half of the year w ill come too late to m ake a big dent in the unem ploym ent rate. T he C arter adm inistration probably m ade a m is­ take in advertising that it expected to reduce the jobless rate — 7 9 per cent iii December. 1976 — to 6. per cent by the end of 1977. Sehultze. chairm an of the CUA, bas now been spreading this forecast across a range of 6 5 to 7 per cent — and the la tte r n u m b e r now looks more likely. 
Congress and organized labor are unhappy with this slow progress 
\ m ajority of both bodies wants to in­ crease the total or “ m acro" size of the fiscal package. 
Spending increases have a bit more potency than tax cuts, ami permanent tax cuts have a bit more potency than temporary ones. 
Boardings, vehicle number increase 

The num ber of emplaned passengers during D ecem ber increased for the 
18th consecutive month, according to figures released by the G reater San 
Antonio Chamber of Commerce. 
Also noted was an increase in new motor vehicle sales and a decline in 
December building perm its issued. 
A total of 1o2.374 passengers boarded the airlines al International Airport, exceeding the previous December re­ cord by 13.ooo 
For the year a record 1,139,584 pas­ sengers were counted, breaking the 

1975 record by IO 2 per cent 
New m otor vehicles sales in D e­ cem ber were recorded at 4,443 units, exceeding a year ago period by 17 I per cent. For the year, 52,669 units were sold, up 18.8 per cent over 1975. 
While D ecem ber’s building perm its declined by 24 9 per cent from Dc comber, 1975, the y ear’s total reached 
$163.9 million, up 3.2 per cent over 
1975 
For the year, residential construc­ tion at $38 9 million was 29.7 per cent ahead of 1975 
Lumber distributor opens facility here 

Young, formerly a credit manager for the company, will handle s a le s iii 
Frio. Medina, Bandera and south Bex­ ar counties. Before joining tin* com­ pany. he worked for American General 
Leasing and Financing Corp, and an accounting firm here 
Craddock joined the company in 19o4 as an engine sales rep resen tativ e. 
Before his current appointm ent, he was used equipment manager. 
Huegele has been with the company 
28 years. He has served in various sales capacities until his current ap­ pointment. 

S la u g h te r B ro th e rs . 
Inc. a w holesale d istri­ butor of lumber and for­ est p ro d u c ts h a s a n ­ nounced the opening of a division operation here. 
Located at 8446 Vidor, the 152,46o square-foot facility will a c c o m m o ­ date the distribution of five million board feet of lum ber lo retailers with­ in a 15o-mile radius, said 
Jim Stephens, a com pany spokesman. 
The plant, which was o p en e d e a r l i e r this month, has a work force of nine em ployes. Bill 
B urk is th e d ivision m anager and Frank Fer* titta and Ralph Grimes are account managers. 

Groups 

The Dallas-based com ­ pany o p e ra te s th re e groups, lum ber, corpor­ ate and d eco rativ e pro­ ducts. The local division will be under the lumber group. 
The parent company is traded 
Over-The-Co­ unter under the cull let­ ters SBL 
The company employes a p p r o x im a te ly 
3uu workers and had 1976 net sa les of $62 5 m illio n , compared with $45.7 m il­ lion in 1975 
Net ea rn in g s for 1976 was $8o5,852. com pared with an earnings loss in 
1975 of $119,315 Per share 

 net earnings for 1976 were a deficit of 17 cents for 
92 cents, compared with the sim ilar 1973 period 

Excellent 
Investment 
Opportunity 

 l b - |u i r t n i r i i t o f l l o u * in g m id I H u m I b - v r lo f itm - n l in v ite e b id * f o r l l i r f o llo w in g ; |i r < i |i r r h 

I V r e z A p a r t m e n t * * 
Nan A ntonin, l Y x u * 

M I N I M I M P H I L L : N o M a t r i l M i n i m u m 

I I H M * ' : 
XII (JI xii N u l o 111 I) 

H F (,H I H L I ) D E I N JMT; o f Offering 
P r i i i - v i l l i Hid; 

Haiti iiri- ut ( lowing 

 t o u r I Yu I-* t o r s 
*».dl» u p b u d d in g * • m il.tin in g 
IO u n it* . Im -all ii ut I 1 2 7 VV i »| \-lil> > . 

VI I It Hilt'* Will 
HI 
IIM MVI ll VMI 1*1 HI IO. 
I V o rt.M I) VI I I (Mi V M. 
IIM VI l i m . VI VIK ll I, i«»77 vi vm m t ss sn o w x 
HI I OW . 

I V IV n h o n m ud provide V t 
(Mini* tit <»| iH»- full fundi*** f*t|. i ut < *-h 
\i|.Jhhum I in Int 
HUIHUI m il V nl>(*lil*tl 11 on* 

 iii* « (i< llr« * r h o ta d l i d o * 
HUD il l ll A rt 
(Hit' r 
( ■ 
■ 
■ 
I k jillio n B u ild in g 
K nout Z'U 
I IO South Main Atonic 

S an Xn toil in, 
7 8 2 8 5 

(QUAI HOUSING 
OffOdTUNin 

H a r t’* How: 

I In n and (ob Ute IMH 
Ovoiheod and lobo* si (Ho tab ut# account lot o« rn ecoeeng thoro of boAWng loth Spoon lob ('ti* cu»» com bt non pc ob* mf ponth of o«* alani •mi* rho lovidotwi and Uab V* boing pound Ponoh ort ikon bo Intro* lo tho fib mo ort* quickly tied*! 

7 I (to ion borid compony 
Spoor) lab (roto hoi MI panning (tougn and bvtWma topabtWto* trow you* te e lo tho hatch#! (X Oboe I We will oKo track hem yea* flam 

3 tool mom'oner* I on! (neurone* (Od* thoro e nothing lo meet oui on t Spoor) lab (cot# b o rin g one) it boc omit** oggcogoit* ort m o!. na par"ting n nt<*Mory I* aw vt o * modo aI concio!*, incur anet cam act It* 

4 Spot* pi lomhwdron toronto Sp#to lob Otto » • >nooa4oc cyclo*, con churlier* lo st iv cwt cocmOoroWy th*, retell* rn toeoi rn tonal Import (OOI one) tar hoc occupancy 

Ho otto* TThfloTocfwcnibio count loc Pouf* ant con iftuctkon n a guar on t tad petri wtK«n • epaulet! mc* pant! 

A nniAfw a ■ wpP 
•o*auw Spot! lob WO'* budding* rn* mod# ai concetto o«*! Hoot torpor to«m toon* tit tea"abl* iou fuel taw I buy o bohor kid tong ti any port 

-J 

OO 
M|. H 

WAREHOUSES os low os 
•urtobng undo* roo! IS,oob cg It 
Uf fiMOMfJi 

 kl ice include* 

I j ti (hog IOO I ISO Slab an! foundation an your toto 
Ut* pcor ad 4 rn toaWoarmg *till* 17 h high .reel bai 
I®**. J fly bulb up ital tyvttm auh 7? quag* melol dock 

 o tcu ie iio n . ? vio o I p t n e i m o l Page* I v ita l * 
I cntrhoa! daw*. II gouge rn*tai lama. Mopper* I o 1 
IO nato* Son Adorno or ta AN pure* avoy tory chattily a diK*i#m pions or*! Attorn r. 

7 anoil me at or att af pion! true u n to ! an! mett le Mio pinto tb Mio ow! gunkif 

CAU RIANI NEAREST YOU 

San Antonio 
S U 646 433o 

 be clo w n 
S I! / J I M S $ I 
Lenin* 
............... S H A M -lf 11 

■ H Worth, betorn, toot*ion, 
(beetae*iiia bin -rn Photon, Am teW Coom ■*• tooodo ntoo M 
- intone W*. too* - w # fetal. to t i 

Foge 
4-G » « Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 

QUALITY 

WONDERFUL 
WORLD OF 

HORSES AND 
ROYAL 
LIPIZZAN 
STALLION 

SHOP EITHER CONVENIENT LOCATION 

Elected to 
ASP A post 

Cleveland , 
Ohio 
— 
' i c e pre sid ent of the 
J a c k M. Costello has 
A m eric an S o c ie ty for been e le cte d national 
Personnel A d m i n i s t r a ­ tion (ASPA). 
Costello is personnel director of the City Pub­ lic Services board of San 

J A C K M . CO STELLO vicepresident 
F o x sales rise in third quarter 
Yes folks, for the first time Quality 
Furniture and 
King Koil combine to offer you the biggest bedding event of the year. 

 quarter of $62,821. or two cents a share, based on 
J . ”59 million shares out-1 standing, compared to 
$71o,214, or 21 cents a share on .‘1,417 11,42 mil­ lion shares 

F o x - S t a n l e y 
Photo 
P rod u c ts, Inc. has r e ­ ported a rise in third quarter sales for tin' per­ iod ended Dec .‘ll 

Donald 
VY 
B e c k e r , president, said sales for the period were $21.o million, com pare d to 
SIS.:? million for the si­ milar 1o75 period 
Nine-month sales fi­ gures showed an increase to $62.3 million, from 
$54.1 million 
The company recorded net income for the third 

Becker said the decline iii income for the third quarter was primarily attributable to start up and related costs asso­ ciated with the c o m ­ pany’s accelerated retail expansion program not being offset by sufficient revenues from new units. 

MATTRESS AND 
FOUNDATION 
UmHW Supply 

FAMOUS QUALITY ORTHO 
EXTRA FIRM WITH FLEX EDGE 
KING KOIL HEALTH REST 
GENTLE FIRM SLEEP 
TWIN 
SIZE 

CHOOSE MATTRESS 
OR BOX SPRING 

At 
Half 
/ y 
Price 
With 
V 
^ our 
EXPRESS-NEW S 
DISCOUNT COUPON 

MATTRESS 
OR 
BOX SPRING 

QUEEN SIZE 
K IN G SIZE 

It s the world's only theatrically produced horse show featuring complete entertainment including colorful costumes, dramatic lighting effects, stirring music and beautiful horses! The featured 
Lipizzan stallions are famous for their precise balance and great leaps in the air, originally used as tactics of war by mounted men against foot soldiers to inspire terror! N ow they thrill audiences with their beauty and grace! 
M on., Feb. 14, 
7 :3 o p.m. 

CONVENTION CENTER ARENA 
TICKET PRICES: ‘4 ‘5 & »6 

You Can Get Your Tickets for Half Price 

 with our Express-News Discount 
Coupon Below! 

(no further discounts honored on tickets purchased with an Express-News discount coupon) 

Iring the Coupon to tho Convention Conter Arona Box 
Office IN PERSON from ll e.m.-S p.m. Mon.-Sot. 
(no mail int, please) 

BUT H U R R Y ! O n ly A Lim ited N u m b e r of 
D itcount Tickets are A v o ila b le l 

FLEX EDGE SILVER KNIGHT 

CHOOSE MATTRESS 
OR BOX SPRING S 
P j | 
ON KING KOIL TOP END DISCONTINUED 
FABRICS FEATURING • QUILTED DAMASK 
CoVERS«HEAVY DUTY FLEX EDGE SUPPORT 
• EXTRA LAYERS FOR MAXIMUM COMFORT 
• HURRY LIMITED SUPPLY 

QUEEN SIZE 
K IN G SIZE 

COMPLETE WITH 2 POLY MATTRESSES, 
WOODIN BSD ENDS, M n Al POPUP 
UNI? 
4 BOLSTERS ANO SPREAD 
CHOKE 
Of FINISHES BY KEMP 

CHOICE Of COLONIAL MAPLE OR WHITE 
FRENCH FINISH INCLUDING WOODEN 
HEADBOARD FOOTBOARD AND RAILS. 

STARTING AT $94 WITH BEDDING 

Sr 
EXPRESS-NEWS l l 
» 
MUM)! IIH I. MUKI II OI DOHMS 
WO KOI \l I IIM// IS 
STALLION MIHM 
HAU m itt: DISCO! ST I OI h is 
N I to bv Nbfteied CM , For Mon , tvh I A / Jo p 
I *o* 

N O R TMSIOi 
34o1 FRtDf R IC K SS U R G 
7 3 6 - 2 o 2 9 

SO U THSIDE 
1433 I. ALAMO 

 h o t, lu s h s a v a n n a c o u n t r y of T h e 
G am bia. 
History and promise 
Bv an cien t cu sto m , for the next s e ­ ven days, th ere w as hut a single task with which O m oro would seriously oc­ cupy him self: the selection of a n am e for his firstborn son. 
It would have to he a n am e rich with history and with prom ise, for the peo­ ple of his trib e — the M a n d in k a s — b elie v ed th a t a child w ould d e v e lo p seven of the c h a ra c te ristic s of w h o m ­ ever or w hatev er he w as nam ed for. 
On behalf of him self and Kinta, d u r ­ ing th i s w e e k of t h i n k i n g , O m o r o visited every household in .Juffure, and in v ite d e a c h fa m ily to th e n a m i n g cerem ony of the newborn child, tra d i­ tionally on the eighth day of his life. 

This is the first in stallm en t o f the best-selling 
"Roots.” It con­ tinues this week in The News 

On that day, like his father and his fath er’s father, this new son would be­ com e a m e m b e r of the tribe. 
W hen the e ig h th day a r r iv e d , th e villagers g a th e re d in tin' early m o r n ­ ing before the hut of O m oro and Binta. 
On th eir heads, the w om en of both fam ilies bro ugh t c a la b a sh c o n ta in e rs of c e r e m o n ia l sou l m ilk and sw e e t niunko cakes of pounded rice and hon­ ey- 
K ara m o billa, the jalib a of the vil­ la g e , w a s t h e r e w ith h is t a n t a n g d ru m s; and the alim am o. and the ara- fang, B rim a C esay, who would som e 

 day be th e c h ild ’s te a c h e r; and also 
O m oro’s two bro thers, Ja n n e h and Sa­ t u r n , w ho had jo u r n e y e d fro m fa r away to attend the cerem ony when the d ru m ta lk news of their nephew ’s birth had reached them . 
As B inta proudly held h e r new in­ fant, a sm all patch of his first h a ir was shaved off. as w as alw ays done on this day, and all of the w om en exclaim ed at how well form ed the baby was. 
Then they quieted as the jalib a be­ gan to beat his d ru m s. T he alim am o said a p ra y e r over the c a la b a sh e s of sour m ilk and m unko cakes, and as he prayed, each g uest touched a calabash b rim with his or her right hand, as a gesture of respect for the food 
T h en the a lim a m o tu r n e d to pray over the in fan t, e n tr e a ti n g A llah to g ran t him long life, success in b ring ­ ing credit and p ride and m an y children to his fam ily, to his village, to his tribe 
— and fin ally, th e s tr e n g th and th e spirit to deserve and to b ring honor to the nam e he w as about to receive. 
Om oro then w alked out before all of the a ss e m b le d people of th e village. 
Moving to his w ife’s side, he lifted up th e in f a n t a n d , a s all w a t c h e d , w hispered th ree tim e s into his son s e a r the n am e he had chosen for him. 
New name 
It w as the first tim e the nam e had ev er been spoken as this child’s n am e, for O m o ro ’s people felt that each h um an being should lie the first to know w ho he was. 
The tan tan g d ru m resounded again, and now O m oro w h isp e red the n am e into the e a r of Binta. and B inta sm iled with pride and pleasure. Then O m oro w h isp e re d th e n a m e to th e a ra f a n g , who stood before the villagers. 
“ The first child of O m oro and Binta 
Kinte is n am ed K u n ta l” cried B rim a 
C'esay. 
As everyone knew, it w as the m iddle n am e of the ch ild ’s late g ra n d fa th e r, 
K airab a K unta Kinte, who had com e from his n ative M au re ta n ia into T he 
G am bia, w here he had saved the peo­ ple of Ju ffu re honorably till his death as the village’s holy m an. 
One bv one the a ra fa n g recited the n am es of the M auretanian forefathers of w hom the b a b y ’s g ra n d f a th e r, old 
K airaba Kinte, had often told. 
T he n a m e s , w hich w ere g re a t and m a n y , w e n t b a c k m o r e th a n tw o hundred rains. Then the jaliba pound­ ed on his tan tan g and all of the people e x c la im e d th e ir a d m i r a t io n an d r e ­ spect at such a distinguished lineage. 
Out under the moon and the stars, alone w ith his son that eig hth night, 
O m oro com p leted the n a m in g ritual. 
C a r r y in g little K u n ta in h is s tr o n g 

 in a forest not fa r fro m h is v illa g e chopping wood to m ake a d ru m , when he had been su rp ris e d by fo u r m e n . ov erw h elm ed, an d k id n ap ed into s la ­ very 
New generation 
W h en K izzy w a s 
IU. G r a n d m a 
P a lm e r and the o th e r M u rra y fam ily ladies said she was sold aw ay to a new m aster nam ed Tom Lea, who owned a sm all plantation in North C arolina. 
And it w as on this p la n ta tio n th a t 
Kizzy gave birth to a boy, w hose father was T om Lea, who gave th e boy the nam e of George. 
When G eorge got around four or five years old, his motlier began to tell him h e r A fric a n f a t h e r ’s s o u n d s a n d stories, until In' c a m e to know th e m well. 
Then when G eorge got to be the age of 12, I learned th e re on G r a n d m a 's front porch, he w as ap p ren ticed to an old "U n c le Mingo, "w h o tra in e d th e m a s te r’s fighting g am ec o c k s, and by th e m id te e n s , th e y ou th had e a rn e d s u c h a r e p u t a t i o n a s a g a m e c o c k trainer that h e’d been given by others the n ick nam e lie d tak e to his g rav e 
“ Chicken G eo rge.’’ 
Chicken G eorge when around IS m et and m a te d w ith a sla v e g irl n a m e d 
M atilda who iii tim e bore him eight children With each new c h ild ’s birth. said G ra n d m a aud the others. Chicken 
George would g ath er his fam ily within their slave cabin, telling th em afresh about their African g re at-g ra n d fa th e r nam ed “ K in-tay,” who called a g u itar a " K o ,’’ a riv e r in V irg in ia " K im b y 
Bolongo,” and other sounds for other things, and who had said he was chop ping wood to m a k e a d r u m w hen ho was cap tu red into slavery 
Tobacco 
T h e e ig h t c h ild re n g re w up , took m a te s , and had th e ir own c h ild re n 
The fourth son. T om , was a b lack sm ith when he was sold along w ith the rest of his fam ily to a “ M assa M u rra y ,” who ow n ed a to b a c c o p la n ta tio n i i i A la ­ m ance County, N Carolina. 
T h ere, T om m et arid m ated with a h a lf-In d ia n slav e g irl n a m e d Ire n e , who c a m e fro m th e p la n ta tio n of a 
" M a s s a H o lt,” who ow ned a cotton mill. 
I r e n e e v e n tu a lly a ls o b o r e e ig h t children, and with each new birth T om c o n tin u e d th e tr a d it io n h is f a t h e r , 
Chicken G eorge, had begun, g a th erin g h is fa m ily a r o u n d th e h e a r t h a n d t e l li n g th e m a b o u t t h e i r A fric a n g re a t- g r a n d f a th e r and all th ose d e s ­ cending from him 
Of the second set of eight children, the youngest w as a little g irl n a m ed 
Cynthia, who was two y e a rs old when h e r f a t h e r . T o m , a n d g r a n d f a t h e r . 
Chicken G eorge, led a w agon train of r e c e n t ly f r e e d s l a v e s w e s tw a r d to 
H en nin g , T e n n ., w h e re C y n th is m e t a n d at th e a g e of 22 m a r r i e d W ill 
P a lm e r 
W hen I h a d b e e n th o r o u g h ly i m ­ m ersed in listening to accounts of all th o se p eo p le u n s e e n w ho h ad lived away back yonder, invariably it would aston ish m e when tin* long n a rra tiv e finally got down to C ynthia . . . an d there I sat looking right at G rand m a? 

Sheraton Laredo 
Im L h ll 
Weekend 

By ALEX HALEY 
After my grandfather died. 
Grandma began to invite var­ ious ones among the family female relatives to spend some, if not all, of the summers with us at Henning, Tenn. 
A veraging in her age rang e, the late fo rtie s an d e a rly fiftie s, th ey c a m e from e x o tic -so u n d in g p la c e s to m e , su c h a s D y e rs b u rg , T e n n .; I n k s te r , 
Mich.; St Ixiuis and K ansas City — and had n a m e s like Aunt P lu s, Aunt Liz, 
A u nt T ill, A un t V in e v , an d C ou sin 
Georgia. 
With the su p p er dishes w ashed, they all would go out on the front porch and sit in can e-b o tto m ed ro ck in g c h a irs, and I would be am on g them and sort of s c r u n c h m y s e lf do w n b e h in d th e w h ite - p a in t e d r o c k e r h o ld in g 
G ran dm a. 
T he tim e would be ju st about as the d u sk w a s d e e p e n in g into th e n ig h t, with th e lightning bugs flickering on and off around the honeysuckle vines, and e v e ry e v e n in g I can re m e m b e r , unless th ere w as so m e local p rio rity gossip, alw ays they would talk about th e s a m e th i n g s — s n a t c h e s an d 

 patches of w hat later I’d learn w as the long, cu m u lativ e family n a rrativ e that had been passed down across the g en ­ erations. 
It w as the talk, I knew, that alw ays had g e n e ra te d m y only m e m o rie s of any open friction between M am a and 
G rand m a. 
G ran d m a would get on that subject s o m e tim e w ith o u t h e r o ld e r w om en s u m m e r g u e sts th ere, and M am a a l­ ways before long would abruptly snap s o m e th i n g lik e . " O h , M aw , I w ish y o u ’d stop alt th e old -tim ey sla v e ry stu ff, it 's e n tir e ly e m b a r r a s s i n g ! ’’ 
G ra n d m a would snap right back, " lf you d o n 't c a r e w ho an d w h e re you cam e from , well, I d o es!” 
B eing ju s t a little boy. I c o u ld n ’t really follow m ost of what they said. I d id n ’t know w hat an “ oP m a s s a ” or an 
“ ol’ m issis” was: I d id n ’t know what a 
“ p la n ta tio n " w as, th ough it s e e m e d som ething re se m b lin g a farm . 
But slowly, from h earing the stories each passin g s u m m e r, I began to re ­ c o g n iz e f r e q u e n tly r e p e a t e d n a m e s am ong people they talked about and to re m e m b e r things they told about those people. 
T he farthest-back person they ev er talked ab o u t w as a m an they called 

 m et and eventually m ated with a w o m an slav e th e r e w hom G ra n d m a and the other ladies called “ Bell, the big-house cook." 
They had a little girl who was given the n a m e “ Kizzy.” When she was a r ­ ound four to five years old. h er African father began to take her by the hand and lead her around w henever he got th e c h a n c e , p o in t in g o u t d if f e r e n t things to her and repeatin g to her their nam es in his own native tongue 
He would point at a g u ita r, for ex ­ am ple, and say som ething that sound od like "K o ." 
. 
As Kizzy grew older, and her African father (earned E n g lish b etter, he be­ gan telling her stories about himself, his p e o p le .'a n d his h om elan d — and how he was taken away from it He was 

 n.any in inc spring iii i /«j u , in the village of Juffure, four days upriver from the coast of Gam­ bia, West Africa, a man-child was born to Omoro and Binta 
Kinte. 

F o rc in g forth from K inta s stro n g young body, he was black as she was, flecked and slippery with B in ta’s blood and he w as bawling. T he two w rinkled m idwives, old Nyo Bote and the b ab y ’s 
G ran d m o th er Y aisa, saw that it w as a boy and laughed with joy. 
A ccording to the fo refath ers a boy firstb o rn p re s a g e d the sp ecial b le s s­ ings of Allah not only upon the paren ts but also upon th e p a r e n t s ’ fam ilies, and th ere w as the prideful know ledge that the n a m e of the Kinte would thus be both distinguished and perpetuated. 
It w a s th e h o u r b e f o r e th e f i r s t crow ing of the cocks, and along with 
Nyo Koto and G ra n d m a Y a isa ’s chat- terings, the first sound the child heard w as the m uted rh y th m ic bo m p-b om p of wooden pestles as the o th er women of the village pounded couscous grain in th eir m o rta rs , p rep a rin g the tra d i­ tional break fast of p o rrid g e that was cooked in earth en pots over a fire built am ong three rocks. 
To worship 

T h e th in b lu e sm o k e w ent c u rlin g u p , p u n g e n t a n d p l e a s a n t o x es th e sm all dusty village of round m ud huts as the nasal w ailing of Kajal D em ba, the v illa g e a lim a m o , b e g a n c a llin g m e n to th e f i r s t of th e fiv e d a il y p r a y e r s th a t had been offered up to 
Allah for as long as anyone living could rem em b er. 
H astening from their beds of bam boo cane and cu red hides into th eir rough cotton tu nics, th e m en of th e village filed briskly to the p ray in g place. 
It w as a fte r this, as th e m en w ere r e t u r n i n g to w a r d t h e i r h o m e c o m ­ p o u n d s fo r b r e a k f a s t , t h a t O m o ro rushed am ong th em , b eam in g and ex­ cited to tell them of his firstborn son. 
C o n g r a tu la tin g h im , all of th e m en echoed the o m en s of good fortune. 
E ach m a n , back in his own hut, ac­ cepted a cala b ash of porridg e from his wife. R etu rn in g to their kitchens in the re a r of the co m p ou nd , the w ives fed next th e ir ch ildren, and finally th e m ­ selves. 
W hen they had finished eating, the m en took up th eir short, bent-handled hoes, whose wooden b lades had been s h e a th e d w ith m e ta l by th e v illa g e b lacksm ith, and set off for th eir day of p re p a rin g the land for farm in g of the groundnuts and the couscous and cot­ ton that w ere the p rim a ry m e n ’s crops, as rice was that of the w om en, in this 

(S ) 
SlKT-altMl 
Laiv(k>lnn 

 le t us w elcom e you and treat you like tire w elcom e quest you are 
, 
W e re haven) our 
W ashington s Celebration W eekend 
F ib 24 th th ru Fob 2 7 lh 
'^ 
* s h lh a fo n m oth 

J u s t call o n e ut the n u m b e r ! below I GLL kWfcX 
^ nomTm sa n 'h t hm m o* > an d you It h a v e a room p on foio ed 
* 
» 
(.ahi po nix AS 
In no tone al all 
Jtf j 
. 
W e ll do our best lo make you feel !t b om i 
E xit UJh. 35 dt I le i M«u and enjoy the F testa W eekend1 

C A LL N O W ! 512-724 8221 or 8oo-125 3535 

But th is A fric a n ’s life, th e ladies said, had been saved by M assa Jo h n 's b ro th e r, a D r. W illiam W a lle r, who w as so m ad about th e e n tirely u n n e ­ cessary m a im in g that bought the Afri­ can for his own plantation. 
Though the African w as crippled, he could do lim ited work, and the doctor assigned him in the vegetable garden . 

“ the A frican,” w hom they alw ays said, had been saved by M assa J o h n ’s on a s h ip to s o m e p la c e t h a t th e y pronounced “ N ap lis." 
T h ey said , he w as b o u g h t off th is ship by a “ M assa Jo hn W a lle r," who had a p l a n t a ti o n in a p la c e c a lle d 
“ Spotsylvania County, V irginia. 
They would tell how the African kept trying to escape, and how on the fourth e ffo rt he had th e m i s f o r t u n e to be c a p tu r e d by tw o w h ite p ro fe s s io n a l slave catc h ers who app aren tly decided to m ak e an exam ple of him. 
T his A frican w as g iven th e choice eith er of being ca stra te d or having a foot cut off, and — “ th an k s to Je su s, or we w ouldn’t be here telling it" — the 
African chose his foot. 
I couldn't figure out why w hite folks would do an y th in g as m ean and low- down as that. 

T hat w as how it happened that this p a r t ic u l a r A frican w a s k e p t on one plantation fur quiet a long tim e — in a tim e w h en s la v e s , e s p e c i a ll y m a le slav es, w ere sold ba ck and forth so m uch that slave children grew up often w ithout even know ledge of who th eir p arents were. 
G ra n d m a and th e o th e rs said that 
Africans fresh off slave ships w ere gi­ ven som e nam e by th eir m assas 
In this p artic u la r A frican’s case the nam e w as "T o h y .” But they said an y­ tim e any of the oth er slaves called him that, he would strenously rebuff them , d e c la r in g th a t h is n a m e w as " K in - tay .” 
Hobbling aland, doing his g ardening work, then later becom ing his m assa s buggy driver, “ T oby" — or “ K in-tay” 

Captain Davies, as stern a m an as he looks, com m anded the slave ship th a t bore Kunta across the ocean 
Kunta knew he must escape 

Kunta fears he w ill n ever again be free 

Continued from Page ill 

 arm s, In* walked In tin* edge of flit* village, lifted Ins baby up with Ins face lo the heavens and said softly. “ Behold 
— the only thing greater than yoursell 
Roared 
A dults p assing an y w h ere n ear the children would solemnly pretend not lo see nor hear as Kunta and the rest of his kafo grow led and ro ared like lions, trumpeted like elephants, and grunted like wild pigs. or as the girls — rooking aud tending their dolls and healing I heil conscious — ployed mothers and v\i\es among themselves. 
But however hard they were I dav ille. the children never failed to p a y e v e n adult the respect th e ir m o th ers had taught them to show a l w a y s t o w a r d their elders 
Ami ll an adult offered his hand, eat Ii child iii turn would clasp it with both hands, then stand with palm s folded over his chest until that adult passed bv 
K unta's hom e-training had been so strict that, it seemed to him. his every m ove drew B io ta 's ir rita te d finger- sn a p p in g — if, in d e ed , lie w a s n 't grabbed and soundly whipped 
When he was eating, In* would get a cuff on tin* head if Bulla caught Ins eves on anvthing except Ins own food 
Aud unless he washed off every bit of dirt when In' came into the hut from a hard day's play, linda would snatch up her scratchy sponge of dried plant steins aud her b ar ot h o m e m ad e soap aud m ake Kunia think she was going to scrape off his very hide 
Quick slap 
For him ever to start* at her, or at his lather, or at any other adult, would earn lull) a slap as quickly as when lie committed the equally serious offense 

 of interrupting the conversation of any grown-up 
And for him ever to speak anything but truth would have been unthinkable. 
Since there never seemed any reason for him to lie. he never did 
Though Biota didn t seem to think 

 so, Kunta tried Ins lies! to be a good boy, and soon began to practice his home-training lessons with the other children. 
When d is a g re e m e n ts o c c u rre d among them, as they often did — so­ m etim es fanning into exchanges of harsh words aud finger-snapping — 
Kunta would always turn and walk awav, thus displaying the dignity and self-com m and that his m other had taught him were the proudest traits of the Mandinka tribe 

Mage* f e a r an d pain d o m i n a t e d K u n t a a 

 m i n d 

But almost every night. Kunta got spanked for doing something bad to his bab. brother — usually tor frighten­ ing him by snarling fiercely, or bv dropping on all fours like a balloon. rolling his eves. and stomping Iii- lists like forepaws upon the ground 
“ I w ill bring the toubob!“ Bima would yell at Kunia when he had tried her patience to tin* breaking point. st aring 
Kunta most th o roughly for the old grandmothers spoke often of the hairy, red laced straiige-lookmg white men. whose big canoes stole people away from their homes 
* * * 

Kunta could hardly have known the teal petal of the toubob, though he was to find out in coming years 

The tim e for that cam e quickly, unexpectedly, and all too soon. 

★ + * 

Kunta wondered if he had gone mad. 
Naked, chained, shackled, he awoke on his back between two other men in a pitch darkness lull of steamy heat and sick en in g stink and a n ig h tm a ris h bedlam of shrieking, weeping, pray­ ing and vomiting. 
His whole body was one spasm of pain from the heatings he had received in the four days since his capture. 
But the place where the hot iron had been put between Ins shoulders hurt the worst 
A rat's thick, furry body brushed his cheek, its whiskered nose shifting al 
Ins mouth 
Q u iv erin g with rev u lsio n , K unta snapped his teeth together desperate­ ly, and the rat ran away. 
I ii rage, Kunta snatched and kicked against the shackles that bound his wrists and ankles. 
Instantly, angry exclam ations and jerking came back from whomever he was shackled to. The shock and pain ad d in g to his fu ry . K unta lunged u p w ard , his head h u m p in g h ard against wood — right on the spot where he had been clubbed by the toubob back in the woods. 
G asping and sn arling, he and the unseen man next to him battered their iron cuffs at each o th er until both slumped back in exhaustion. 

No space 

After a while, when he felt he could move again, he very slowly and care­ fully explored his shackled right wrist and ankle with his left hand They were bleeding. 
Ile pulled lightly on the chain; it seemed to be connected to the left an­ kle and wrist of the man he had fought 
VV ll ll 
On Kunta's left, chained to him by the ankles, lay some other m an. so­ meone vv tin kept up a steady moaning. and they w ere all so close th e ir shoulders, arm s, and legs touched if any of them moved even a little. 
Ite m e m b e rin g the wood he had bumped into with his head. Kunta drew himself upward again, just en­ 

 ough for it to b u m p g e n tly ; th e re wasn’t enough space even to sit up. 
And behind his head was a wooden wall. I’m trapped like a leopard in a snare, he thought. 
Kunta made himself think about the cries and groans he was hearing all around him. 
There m ust be many men here in the blackness, som e close, some farther away, some beside him, others in front of him. but all in one room, if that's what this was. 
Straining his ears, he could hear still more cries, but they were muffled and c a m e from b e n e a th the s p lin te ry planking he lay on. 
Help m e!’ 
Listening more intently, he began to recognize the different tongues of those around him. 
Over and over, in Arabic, a Fulani was shouting “ Allah in heaven, help m e!" 
And a man of the Serere tribe was hoarsely wailing what m ust have been the names of his family. 
But mostly Kunta heard Mandinkas, the loudest of them babbling wildly in the sir kongo secret talk of men. vow­ ing terrible deaths to all toubob. 
The c r ie s of th e o th e rs w ere so slurred with weeping that Kunta could identify neither their words nor their la n g u a g e s, alth o u g h he knew th a t some of the strange talk he heard must come from beyond Gambia. 
What sins was he being punished for in such a m anner as this? 
Ile pleaded to Allah for an answer. 
It was sin enough that he hadn't pray ed once since the morning he went for the wood to make his drum. 
Though he co uldn't get onto his knees, and he knew not even which way was east, he closed his eyes where lie lay and prayed, Ijcseeehing Allah's forgiveness. 
Knotted stomach 
Afterward. Kunta lay for a long time bathing dully in his pains, and slowly became aware that one of them, in his knotted stom ach, was nothing m ore than hunger. 
It occurred to him that he h ad n 't eaten anything since the night before his capture. 
Ile was trying to rem em ber if he had slept in all that time, when suddenly he saw himself walking along a trail in 

/ a:. 
J 
//// s/I r f //ft < /// y / y / z / u rt /sr /Ya / / / / / s i / , /a/tW / s f / / s . /sr&tr. J */s/i fytf w 
's#* Z*/*r/ns " . //«y 4 //O' 

A k , f.'+JUl 

- Ah*41 (Arp** 

‘b y / A/m. 

4 
* 
Z f /S., * 
4A rn. 
\Stmmp1 /rn/** - —~— 
%/tyrn 
/tm*yL. 
_ 

 t* * —/jim* ■ ~. 
~7y ... - 5 
—— 

// 

A /fff* ***+-&' p r 
—- 
J- 44m r* tm* 
_ Qstrrp. Aw****, 
ZSL A +J , inrnmm 

 t r 
/ 

% 

1 
— 

, *trim 
—- 

~P^\ 
•rn / 
M ^*1 

 lets* 

* 

JIG 

 c— ted 

L dijktA +/£* 
J J t a i ' U M 

 mmm' 
./ — id* rn *** 

 m m i i frnmjt* **StmrmuJ . 
o / i «*,.. 

 rn mf./ J gpf f a ' ! 

4 /nm* %/• rn rA* 
/J , /if* 

 pA 
----- 
-I 
_J 6 rn J rn 9*-**. 
,Tto f/f 
S it tm J* 
/ / I (j/m 
#'JK. l S/S ». - Sr / 
M r 
^ 

 a1/m ai- ^ 
•4**, rn/* im* tmtjh 
V 
o < 

 tm- si* '*• 

///• M' /4 
Jfa* __ 

 f j / I 
A. 

 y r ,v 
. 
TS 

S r 
I U 

S'm 
AC 

 rn • KU* 

K/d-mmf +/• - - 
. /mmmp 
o m fc — rn < 
SK i4 « /4 » /f* 

**+ *y ***y i s t 
‘tdsiXm Am-'/ y *4* *7^^ 
— ‘ S—} ($, 
‘ im J. . . 
, - 
/-p rn C rn f y rim 
> 

U t,--,/ Z*«t ♦ ’’ 

 imp . 
* lAZ t Am**. • 
| im pi?4*+* AmJi. \tfi im p/*- • * y * — * —• atm* m Hmm 
- 
A * 
. 

__ 
( 
MZ* 
I t I - t . y 

%Af’* .a&r&r ' 

’-Atm/m* lAmmZmmrn* A~\€Smt / 

W ith th e io ihippinp docum ent! author Alen H aley traced HU ancestor, Kunta K ‘nte, across the Atlantic 

 the forest. Behind him walked two blacks, ahead of him a pair of toubob with their strange clothes and their long hair in strange colors. 
Kunia jerked his eyes open and shook his head; he was soaked in sweat and his heart was pounding, lie had been asleep without knowing. 
It had been a nightm are; or was the nightmare, this stinking blackness? 
No, it was as real as the scene in the forest in his dream had been. 
Against his will, it all cam e back to him. 
Blindfolded 

After fighting the black slatees and the toubob so desperately in the grove of trees, he rem em bered awakening — into a wave of blinding pain — and finding him self gagged, blindfolded, and bound with his wrists behind him and his ankles hobbled with knotted rope. 
T h ra s h in g to b rea k free, he was jabbed savagely with sharp sticks until blood ran down his legs. 
Yanked onto his feet and prodded with the sticks to begin moving, he stumbled ahead of them as fast as his hobbles would permit. 
Somewhere along the banks of the bolong — K unta could tell by flu* sounds, and the feel of the soft ground beneath his feet — he w as shoved down into a canoe. 
Still blindfolded, he heard the slatees grunting, rowing swiftly, with the tou­ bob biting him whenever he struggled, gled. 
Landing, again they w alked until filially that night they reached a place where they threw Kunta on the ground, tied him with his back to a bamboo fence and, without warning, pulled off his blindfold. 
It was dark, but he could see the pale face of the toubob standing over him. and the silhouettes of others like him on the ground nearby. 
The toubob held out some meat for him to bite off a piece. lie tu rn e d his head a s id e and clamped his jaws. 
H issin g w ith ra g e , the toubob grabbed him by the throat and tried to force his mouth open. 
When Kunta kept it shut tight, the toubob drew back his fist and punched him hard in the face. 
Naked girls 
Kunia was let alone the rest of the night. 
At dawn, he began to make out — tied to other bamboo trunks — the fi­ gures of the other captured people, ll of them — six men, three girls, and two children — all guarded closely by armed slatees and toubob. l’hc girls were naked. Kunta could only avert his eyes; he never had seen a woman naked before. 
The men, also naked, sat with m u r­ derous hatred etched in their faces. grim ly silent and crusted with blood from whip cuts. 
But the girls were crying out, one about dead loved ones in a burned vil­ lage; another, bitterly weeping, rocked buck and forth cooing endearm ents to an im aginary infant in her cradled arms; and the third shrieked at inter­ vals that she was going to Allah. 
Iii wild fury, Kunta lunged back and forth trying to break his Iwnids. 
A heavy blow w ith a clu b ag a in knocked him senseless. He too was naked. All of th e ir heads had been shaved and their bodies sm eared with red palm oil 
At around noonday, two new toubob entered the grove. 
The slatees, now’ all grins, quickly untied the captives from the bamboo trunks, shouting to them to stand iii a line. 
Kunta's muscles were knotted with rage and fear. 
One of the new' toubob was short and stout and his hair was white. 
The other towered over him, tall and huge and scowling, with deep knife scars across Ills face, but it was the w hite-haired one before whom the slatees and the other toubob grinned and all but bowed. 
Looking at them all, the white-haired one g estu red for Kunia to step for­ ward, and lurching backward in te r­ ror, Kunta scream ed as a whip seared across his back 
A slutee from behind grappled him downward to his knees, jerk in g his head backward. 
T he w h ite -h a ire d toubob c a lm jv 
>pread trem bling lips and studied his teeth 
Kunta attem pted to spring up. but 

 after an o th er blow of the w hip, he stood as ordered, his body quivering as the toubob’s fingers explored his eyes, his chest, his belly. 
When the fingers grasped his foto, he lunged aside with a choked cry. 
Then the white-haired toubob shoved 
Kunia aside and one by one, he in ­ spected the others even the p rivate parts of the wailing girls. 
• 
Then whips and shouted com m ands sent the captives all dashing around w ithin the enclosure, and next spring­ ing up and down on their haunches. 
Kunta struggled and howled with fury as the slatees grabbed him again, wrestling him to a seated position with his back arched. Eyes wide with ter­ ror, he watched as a toubob withdrew from the fire a long, thin iron that the w hite-haired one had b ro u g h t with him. 
Kunta was already th rash in g and scream ing as the iron exploded pain between his shoulders. 
The bamboo grove echoed with the screams of the others, one by one. 
Then red palm oil was rubbed over the peculiar LL shape Kunta saw on their backs. 
Within the hour, they were hobbling in a line of clanking chains, with the slatees* ready whips flailing down on anyone who balked or stumbled. 
K u n ta’s back and sh o u ld ers were ribboned with bleeding cuts when late that night they reached two canoes hidden under thick, overhanging m an­ groves ut the river’s banks. 

How nm 'civilized' 

1t i t ij 

 h ii rn a ii 

 m e n d o s u c h t h i n g s t o 

 a n o t h e r 

 b e i n g ? 

Split into two g ro u p s, they w ere rowed through darkness by the slatees, with the taubob lashing out at any sign-of struggle. 
When Kunta saw a vast dark shape loom ing up ahead in the n ight, he sensed that this was his last chance. 
Springing and lunging am id shouts and scream s around him. he alm ost upset the canoe in his struggle to leap overboard; but he was bound to the others and couldn't make it over the side. 
He almost didn t feel the blows of the whips and clubs against his ribs, his back, his belly, his head — as the canoe humped against the side of the great dark thing. 
Through the pain, he could feel the warm blood pouring down Ins face, and he heard above him the exclamations of many toubob. 
Then ropes w ere being looped a r ­ ound him. and he was helpless to re­ sist. 
After being half pushed and half pulled up some strange rope ladder, he had enough strength left to twist his lindy wildly in another break for free­ dom. again he was lashed with whips, and hands were grabbing him amid an overwhelm ing toubob sm ell and the pound of women shrieking and loud toubob cursing. 
Through swollen lids, Kunta saw a thicket of legs and feet all around him. and managing an upward glance while trying to shield his bleeding face with his fo rearm , he suw the short toubob with the white hair standing calmly making m arks in a small book with a stubby pencil. 
Then he felt himself being snatched upright and shoved roughly across a flat space. 
He caught a glim p se of tall poles with thick wrappings of coarse white cloth. 
Then he was being guided, s tu m ­ bling weakly down some kind of n ar­ row steps, into a place of pitch black­ ness; at the same instant, his nose was assaulted by an unbelievable "stink," and his ears by cries of anguish. 
Kunta began vomiting as the toubob 
— holding dim yellowish flames that burned within metal fram es carried by a ring — shackled his wrists and an­ kles, then shoved him backward, close between two other moaning men. 
Even in his terror, he sensed that lights bobbing in o th e r d ire c tio n s m eant that the toubob w ere taking those who had com e with him to be shackled elsewhere. 
Then he felt his thoughts slipping; he thought he must be dreaming. 
And then, mercifully, he was, 
MONI H A Y iii I lie N e u at K u n i a trie s to enc a ut* 
I,,m« boat 
DwjiMur A Cw Im 
Ho*tit. pol/'Uwk! bt 

 rn 

Frank Pino: Goals count more than past 

By Veronica Salazar 

It doesn’t matter where you came from. It's where you are going that counts. 

Frank Pino believes that persons from Texas, 
Arizona, Illinois, Michi­ gan or wherever have the same potential for achievement as persons from any other part of the country. 
An E l Paso native, 
Pino comes from a typi­ cal Mexican-American family. He was an only child who did not have any luxuries but did not go hungry or without clothes. 
He did have two im- protant things, however. 
They were motivation and determination. “ Ad­ vanced education is not right for everybody but if education is important to the person that person should pursue it,” he says. 
Education was vital for 
Pino. 
It ’s tough to achieve, according to 
Pino, but he believes motiviation is important in achieving goals. 
Pino was among the first Mexican-Americans to get a teaching scho­ larship to Northwestern 
University, one of the top schools in the country. 
Coming from an ordinary background and from ty­ pical public schools and placed into a high powered private institu­ tion required a tremendous adjustment for Pino. 
Obstacles 

But his willingness to meet that kind of chal­ lenge and to succeed showed him that place of 
TV’s ageless 
Clark 

By JA M ES BROWN 

LOS AN GUIS TINtS 
HOLLYWOOD - 
American Bandstand was 25 years old last week. Rock ‘n’ roll has a heritage, after all. 

Bandstand vias one of its pioneers. Our parents have probably forgotten how genuinely horrified they were at the specta­ cle of gyrating teen­ agers, dancing to the primitive rhythms of this new music. They didn t understand and that made it all the more appealing. 
Bandstand was duck tails and thin black ties, long plain skirts with white sox and oxfords. 
Kenny and Arlene, the lady’s dance, Rate-a-Ke- cord (it’s got a good beat 
.. .easy to dance to. . I ll give it an 85). Fabian, 
South 
Philadelphia, 
Dicky Doi) and the Donts. 
(lea rasil, Danny and the 
Juniors, The Bop, the 
Stroll, the Twist. Frankie 
Avalon. Fats Domino and everyone in between. 
Not to mention, of course, that calm, genial man who presided over it all — Dick Clark. 
Clark and Bandstand are still on the air. airing for an hour each Satur­ day on ABC. There have been some changes. The show has originated from 
Hollywood for several years now instead of its birthplace. Philadelphia 
And the hour each week doesn’t liegin to compare to the dally. 8o-minute 
Bandstands during the 
’5os and the early '8os. 
But the formula is the same. Bandstand is still the current hits, the kids dancing and Clark — just the way we remember it. 
‘Simple’ 

“ When you look at any of the shows that have lasted the longest, I think you tend to find that they’re the ones that are so basically sim ple,” 
Dick Clark said the other day. He was relaxing in the Sunset Blvd. offices of Dick Clark Produc­ tions — weary, somewhat disoriented and still wearing the makeup from a morning photo session. His face hast! I changed appreciably from those early days — it only seems to have aged one year for every ten that have gone by. . 

DEDICATION REWARDED 

■•ne 
I * 4 , '•? . 
' S» birth, name or economic station in life are not ob- tacles that cannot be overcome. 

Pino is now assistant to the vice president for academic affairs at the 
University of Texas at 
San Antonio. 
Although musically in­ clined as a child — he played piano, guitar, trombone in high school and was drum major during his senior year — 
Bino pursued what he felt was most important for him. 
He obtained his B A. from Arizona State Uni­ versity at the age of 2o but couldn’t get a teach­ ing job anywhere in Ari­ zona. No one would hire him because he was too young. As a result he de­ cided to go on and get his masters and eventually his Ph.D. 
In 1964 he became fa­ culty associate and dir­ ector of the language la­ boratory, Arizona State 
University. 
Taught 

In the fall of 1964 he went to Northwestern 
U niversity under a teaching assistantship and a tuition scholarship to work on his Ph.D. He was a teaching assistant and two years later be­ came an instructor. Pino 

 served as chairman of the committee on ele­ mentary Spanish, re­ sponsible for coordina­ tion and supervision of graduate teaching assis­ tants, textbook selection, and language laboratory activities. 
In 1968 Pino went to 
Michigan State Universi­ ty as an instructor and a year later became coor­ dinator for intermediate 
Spanish. In 1971 he was named administrator of a research and develop­ ment grant for the inves­ tigation and establish­ ment of courses and cur­ ricula related to Mexican 
American studies, and the evaluation of ethnic studies programs in Tex­ as. Arizona and Califor­ nia. 
In 1973 he came to 
UTSA as an associate professor. He served as chairman of the univer­ sity committee on acade­ mic programs and courses. In the summer of 1974 he was named special assistant to the vice president for acade­ mic affairs. 
In 1974 he was elected chairman of the acade­ mic policy and curricu­ lum committee; in 1975 he became chairman of the search committee for the director, division of foreign languages; and in 

1976 he was named chairman of the division of foreign languages’ committee on cu rricu ­ lum revision and scheduling. 

FRANK PINO JR. 
Pino resigned from this position to become assistant to the vice pre­ sident for academic af­ fairs in April 1976 
El Paso 
Pino was born in E l 
Paso on Nov. ll. 1942. 
When he was one his fa­ mily moved to Arizona and later to New Mexico. 
His first jobs were in produce packing sheds in the Phoenix area. 
“ I remember pitching watermelons at the rate 

 of 25 cents a ton.” he says. As a stock boy he earned 75 cents an hour. 
He later moved up to salesman in the shoe store. This helped him finance his undergra­ duate schooling. 
Bino wants to see the development of a strong economic base in this so­ ciety without losing the perspective of the rich historical and cultural values of the Mexican 
American heritage. He wants to increase and not lose the present momen­ tum toward increased cultural awareness and concern for others 
Pino is recipient of nu­ merous awards, includ­ ing a Ford Foundation travel study grant to conduct research in 
Spain in 1975. He was al­ so nominated for the 
Teacher-Scholar Award at MSU. 
He belongs to the 
American Association of 
Teachers of Spanish and 
Portuguese; 
Midwest 
Modern Language Asso­ ciation, and the Modern 
Language Association of 
America, lh* is presently serving as president of the Popular Culture As­ sociation of Texas, an or­ ganization devoted to showing Texas culture through the arts, news media, and film. 
Pino is married to the former Joyce F. Domin­ guez. 

HY ALOHA WK ST 
TO DAY ONLY! 

INDIAN JEWELRY 
5 o % -6 o % OFF RETAIL 

SPECIAL SELECTION OF TURQUOISE RINGS 
FROM $ 3 .9 9 -$ 7 .9 9 
RETAIL UP TO $ 3 6 .o o 
SHOW SPECIAL 

F L R * IT URE CO. 

Save on such famous names as: • BAKER • BERVIN • BRANDT • D REXEL • HENREDON 
• HERITAGE • HEKMAN • FLAIR • KARASTAN • SH ERRILL 
• SIMMONS • SEALY • THOMASVILLE • WEIMAN and others. 

Save 2o% on 

ALL IN STOCK 

LAMPS, 
PICTURES, RUGS 
ACCESSORIES 

 o on bedrooms 

ON DINING 
ROOMS 
Save 2o% 

AND MORE ON save 4o% on selected pieces 
UPHOLSTERED 
FURNITURE 

IN STOCK 

ON OCCASIONAL & 
ACCENT FURNITURE 
Save 2o% 

ON SPEC IA L ORDER 

Upholstered Furniture 

 by 
HENREDON & 
HERITAGE & FLAIR 

 save 5o% 

„ 
ON D ISC O N TIN U ED 

& ONE-OF-A-KIND PIEC ES 

O d V C Ivy /o AND MORE 

ON ALL SPECIAL ORDERS 

IF WE DON’T HAVE EXACTLY WHAT YOU 
WANT IN STOCK, WE'LL ORDER IT FOR 
YOU AT 1o% OFF. 

Save 1o % 

ON DECORATIVE DRAPERY, 
UPHOLSTERY FABRICS AND CARPETING 

N EW 
Card 
I A C C O U N T S IN V IT E D ! Installment Plans — Extended Credit - National Credit i f l a i i, i 
V LZ i 
* t i a 
I st Diners Club, Carte Blanche, Master Charge, BankAmericarO, American Express. 
( /t4i "tY T U i/rb (Or (iftraifi ( M U M M lr O UM (fCU (it HO $XtiH cM(o<l<> 

NORTHSIDE * Rector St. opposite N. sta r M all‘ Open M on.&Thurs. til9»Phone 342-9411 

Feb 6 I 9 7 7 

THE M N DAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

Jam es P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O . K ilpatrick 
Editor a n d Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 
Editor o f the E d ito rial Page 

(pep 

 em s 

Energy policy next big job 

The C ongress m oved with unaccustom ed dispatch last week to let natural gas be moved about as it is available to meet crises that have closed factories, schools and public services in 11 states and put an estimated half million Americans out of work. 
Another grim side of the story — deaths — will be known only after a break in the coldest winter on record. 
It was encouraging to hear members of Congress say they wanted final action on the em ergency energy bill before the Presidents Wednesday fire­ side chat. Public attention put upon a particular problem is a powerful force in this country. 
Last week’s legislative action in Washington should be an ef­ fective prelude to work on na­ tional energy policy. 
We need to know the extent of fuel resources, possibilities for expanding them and the requir- eentsfor intelligent conservation 
We also need to know something about the extent of greed versus the obvious need for profits. We also need to know how the var­ ious tech n o lo g ies — in c o n ­ struction, for exam ple — can stretch energy resources. 
Best estim ates say natural gas reserves are at least enough for 4o years. Exploration incen­ tives — price — might extend that significantly. 
E xperts seem agreed that gas for boiler fuel should be phased out and most utilities are 

 planning in that direction. 
Alternate fuels, prim arily coal, are coming into greater use and that trend m ust con­ tinue. Beyond that, except for nuclear power, most new meth­ ods are far off. 
In the im m ed ia te future, price of gas and improved con­ struction are m anageable and practical parts of the energy puzzle. There is a legitim ate case to be made for raising the price of new gas and not raising the price of old gas. Old gas de­ velopment costs have been paid and a mix of old and new gas prices could ease the pain of new gas and the cost of its search. 
(las prices in the range of $3 or $4 per thousand cubic feet would be an invitation to trouble for the industry far more serious than anything it has yet seen. 
We are persuaded that not much gas, if any, is being held off the market against the public interest. But* if it is found that gas has been denied for purely selfish reasons, the political fire­ storm that would folio/ would be awesome. 
So it is tim e for teamwork and candor and a bit less suspi­ cion. It's good to have the tough and com p etent .lam es Schle- singer at the head of energy po­ licy-m aking. Ile is politically independent and tested in poli­ tical battles. And energy policy will have to be made in a public forum, where it ought to be made. 
Attacks on Cisneros w ere unjustified 

City Council gave opportuni­ ty for clearer understanding of a proposal to settle the Coastal 
States gas-supply dispute last week. The hearing was made more difficult than necessary bv u nreasonable row diness by some of th o s e present. 
But the hearing was useful primarily because the plan to settle was presented fully and questions were answered can­ didly. 
There was nothing to hide. 
Councilman Henry ( ’isneros had the roughest time and he is due great credit for his handling of abusive remarks directed at him. Cisneros lives i i i the d is­ trict where the C om m unities 
Organized for Public Service 
(COPS) is strongest and ( OPS prov ided the primary disruption at tin* meeting. COPS has been well directed and, while highly visible and at times highly vo­ cal, most of the earlier appear­ ances on public issues have been d efen sib le. T uesday n igh t's show was bound to damage ef­ fectiveness, 
( isneros and other council 

LETTERS 

It’s not Super YD but it’s a big problem 

 members have worked hard in trying to achieve best available term s for a settlem ent of the dispute, lh* has worked closely with Mayor Lila Cockrell on the terms of settlement and it is a fact that the council majority has steadily held for a best-pos­ sible settlement. 
C isneros was unfairly a c ­ cused of “ selling out.” 
Car from it. He has helped, through his council assignment, to keep negotiations focused on the necessity for San Antonio to get as much in customer bene­ fits as realistic bargaining could get. 
As a matter of clarification it would be useful to recognize that the* price of gas and the terms of settlement — or bankruptcy — cannot be tied together, 
It may be assumed that the personal attacks upon Council­ man ( isneros were provoked by long-building frustration. We hope that by now he has re- ceived ap ologies from those persons who falsely accused him at the Tuesday hearing. 

During the Vietnam Years, 
U.S. servicemen from Saigon to tin* Pentagon idled their empty hours with a peculiar form of war stories. 
Nearly everyone had a friend who 
"k n e w ” of a new strain of venereal disease which had sprung up in the 
F a r E ast. S oldiers talk about such things. 
This Super VD was resistant to all known cures, the story went. and re­ sulted in many poor (lls unfortunate enough to contact it being permanently quarantined on some cold and lonely island off the coast of Japan. 
The island and state of perm anent q u ara n tin e w ere m yths. So was the legendary' VD strain — until recently. 
News reports two weeks ago noted that public health officials in Austin had confirmed one case of a new strain of gonorrhea resistant to penicillin. 

Though not as all-powerful as the legendary Super VD. the new strain — penicillinase producing gonorrhea — poses a u n iq u e p ro b lem to p u b lic health clinics. 

In penicillin 

It lives in penicillin — the m ajor medical tool used to combat the infec­ tion San Antonio Metropolitan Health 
D is tric t o ffic ia ls sa id they a r e n ’t worried about the new strain yet. J u t they are wary. 
City Health Dir. Courand Kothesaid, 
“ There have been no cases of the new strain reported in San Antonio, but we are alert to the possibility since we’re so close to Austin.” 
The penicillin-resistant strain is not widespread in the U.S., health officials said. The Center for Disease Control in 
Atlanta has reported about 75 cases. 
Infectious disease specialists specu­ late the new strain em erged from the red light d istric ts in the Philipines frequented Ivy military personnel. 

DAVID 
M CLEM O RE 

I he r in 'r / ir ii/ heal 

Possibly, health officials say, the strain developed because of the long and continuous use of penicillin by those who work in the area. It just got used to the drug. i t ’s scary’ 

" T h e bad th in g ab o u t th e new s t r a i n . ” one official sa id , " i s it s scary. People are afraid it c a n ’t be cured. This one can, but the mythical 
Super VD sticks in people’s m inds.” 
Although resistant to conventional treatment, the new strain can be cured by the powerful antibiotic trobicin. 
Local health officials now monitor VD patients to see if the new strain ap ­ p e a rs so they can s ta r t tr e a tm e n t immediately. 
"W e’re particularly alert to those 
VD patients who show resistance to the usual treatm ent,” Dr. Kothe said. 
"W e also m o n ito r th ro u g h a p ro ­ gram started a year ago to bring pa­ tients back in for a cure retest the week after treatm ent." 
Health officials admit the new strain isn’t really their major concern. They h a \e enough problem s with the old strain. 

Better off 

"About the only good thing to say about our VD picture locally is we’re not as bad off as other Texas cities,’’ 
Dr. Rothe said. 
.Im* Runozzi, with the district s VD clin ic p r o g ra m , sa id San A ntonio showed a major increase of gonorrhea in 1978 over the previous year. 

“ We reported about 4.5oo confirmed cases of gonorrhea last year,” he said. 
“ That com pares with 3,3oo cases in ’75. 
"T h e big in crease m ay be due to improved diagnostic procedures we in stitu ted w hich re s u lts in us ju st finding cases previously undetected. 
We hope so.” 
Rinozzi said the very nature of gon­ orrhea — new strain or old — makes it difficult to d e te rm in e th e chain of events in its infectious travels. 
Very fast 

"It moves very fast, with infection occurring shortly after contact. Gon­ orrhea doesn’t become apparent to the person infected until the later stages.” 
Health officials pointed out that San 
Antonio’s case load com pares to the 
22,ooo cases reported each in Houston and Dallas last year. 
T e x a s d id n ’t look too good in comparison to national figures on the disease, how ever. While g o n o rrh e a cases went down and syphilis sta b i­ lized nationwide, gonorrhea increased 
IO per cent in Texas. Syphilis went up 
3o per cent in the state. 
" P a rt of the answer to the increase is we’re getting more people into the clinics for tre a tm e n t," Rinozzi said. 
"People have themselves pretty much together and will voluntarily come in with their partners for treatment. 
Unheard of 

" T h is was u n h ea rd of five y ea rs ago,” he said. 
City officials place g re a t faith in their im proved detection and tr e a t­ m ent methods to account for the ex­ plosion of VD cases. 
Hopefully, they are right. Hopefully, the new penicillin-resistant strain is a fluke and w ill continue to be controled. 

O therw ise, the co m bination of in­ creased VD rates with a treatm ent-re­ sistant gonorrhea would add too much truth to the myth of Super VD. 

This n e w s p a p e r w elco m e* le tte rs fro m it* re a d e r* . 
They should b e sh o rt, n o t o v e r 3 o o w ord*, a n d th ey m a tt bo signed. H o w ev er, only re a d e rs ' initials will b e u sed if th e re q u e s t is m a d e . U n sig n ed le tte rs will n o t b q p u b ­ lished. The p a p e r re s e rv e s th e rig h t to e d it a n y le tte r fo r len g th , g o o d ta s te o r leg a l rea so n s. L etter w riters m ust include th eir p ro p e r a d d re ss a n d te le p h o n e n u m b er —- which will n o t b e pu b lish ed — so th e co rrect id en tity of th e w rite r con b e e stab lish ed . S end le tte rs to P.O . Bos 
3 1 7 1 . San A ntonio, lo s e s 7 8 3 9 7 . 
'Rienzi’ OK 

Sir: I never fail to be disappointed with what passes for knowledgable, constructive, and creative reviewing in this paper, and a new low was reached with your " r e v i e w ” of our c ity ’s 
" R ie n z i” (Express-N ew s Jan . 3o). 
This was an historic occasion that warranted better treatm ent than that served up by the horse enthusiast. 
Comments such as "banal tunes, static, cliche recitatives which ram ble interminably and is just, generally, long and boring” are only a misguided opinion (obviously not factually based) and are not constructive. Anyone can sit down and do hack work, or pull out razor blades and call it journalism. 
The reviewer’s idea of good singing does not originate in his head, because ex eryone I talked to afterwards agreed upon the impeccable quality of Rose 
Marie Freni’s tone, diction, phrasing, and stage presence as Adriano. The reviewer said nothing about the most practical set we’ve ever seen. 
The only things the reviewer liked were the symphony and the horse. I agree about the symphony and our guest conductor, John Mauceri, that they were commendable. 
I for one will be anticipating the forthcom ing review s from "O p e ra 
N ew s,” " T h e New Y o rk e r” , and 
"T im e.” 
I look forward to the Fiesta Parade. 
Perhaps the reviewer will be there . . . following the horses. 
William Lewis 

‘What hath God wrought?’1 
Their ’frugality’ costs local m oney 
....... 
V 7-. 
. r 
J 

L i k e s ii 
Sir: As soon as I read the review’ of 
Rienzi by Stephen M arinaro, I felt certain I would enjoy the opera. I liked it for many of the reasons that Mr. 
Marinaro didn’t like it. The'music was 
Untenable, the chorus work was great and overall the opera was a very enjoyable experience. 
Mr. Marinaro might consider these suggestions. If he prefers the later works of Wagner that is his privilege but is no reason to knock Rienzi. His reviews might be much more effective if he could be more objective and less absorbed in convincing us of his su­ perior knowledge and taste. 
Jamie C. Beard 
Irresponsible 

.Sir: I suspect that your Stephen 
Marinaro. in suggesting in his Rienzi review (Jan. 3o) that som e m ight accuse him of “ sophomoric pomposi­ ty” may have been somewhat off the mark — say at least a cultural grade higher than he really deserves. 
I suspect also that Mr. M arinaro takes an im m ature delight in epatant la bougeoisie, all of whom (together with plebs and patricians) joint'd in a standing ovation fur Rienzi last Friday night (Jan. 29). 
Finally, I suspect that Mr. Marinaro, m making his cutely-irrespoRttble observation that the Friday night au­ dience reserved its g rea test en th u ­ siasms for Rienzi’s horse, seems to be suffering from some cross projected equine narcisism — posterior degree. 
Joel W. Westbrook 
Superficial 

Sir: You saw fit to print Jack Duke’s rem ark (Express, Jan. 28) that he m ust “ question Archbishop Fury’s consistency” — regarding opposition to abortion, though approval of capital punishment. 
Thai Duke’s comment should be the 
“ official response” of the so-called coalition, indicates lo me a supernal!* ty that calls in question their motiva­ tion, 
H. C. Dehoney 
Incredible 
Sir: So Jack Duke is appalled that 
Archbishop Francis J. Furey would approve of capital punishm ent. He complains that the Archbishop does not speak for the Roman Catholic Church nor for Catholics other than himself. 
Actually. Archbishop Furey did not claim to speak for the Catholic Church and clearly emphasized that he was giving his personal view* regarding the death penalty. To me, it was refresh­ ing to have one of our leaders take a firm stand on this important issue. I believe his view is sh ared by the majority of informed citizens. 
Incidentally, Mr. Duke’s charge of inconsistency regarding the Archbi­ shop's condemnation of abortion and his approval of the death penalty is incredible. Equating the destruction of an innocent babe in its m other’s womb w ith the ex ecu tio n of a c o n v icte d m urderer is a travesty. 
Charles CL Schmidt 

I m o n i s m 

S o m eh o w o r other. Ute “ new frugality” advocated by G o v . 
Dolph Briscoe u m l lately p r o ­ m i s e d by S t a t e S e n . 
F r a n k 
L o m b a r d i n o d o e s n t do much for 
S a n A n to n ia n s 
W hen recent political image-making fades, and the hills come due, they will be paid as usual by the o rd in a ry w orking m en aud wom en of B ex ar 
( aunty, 
Of c o u rs e , t h a t ’s riot w hat local voters hear from Austin. 
Apparently chastened bv the astron­ omical cost of the fire and police sick leave pay-offs they contrived in 1975, 
Bexar legislators, led by Lombardino. announced that this year things would be different. 
Each m e a su re a ffec tin g local go- 
\ e n ut tent spending would be provided with a " f is c a l n o te ” d e ta ilin g the price 
M e an w h ile , B risc o e p r e s e n te d a stern and frugal budget to the legisla­ ture, cracking down especially hard on the state’s institutions of higher learn­ ing, The guv believe* that some sort oi trade school is the answer for Hie vast 

KEMPER 
DIEHL 

I hr lUilltir* hi iii 

 majority of young Texans 
Some of the governor's hea\ lest budget whacks were aimed at UTSA. 
One Briscoe move seemed designed to make it hard for low-income students to take advantage of the opportunities al the struggling new campus here 
But when it comes to spending the laves of city and county government. 
(he governor does not seem nearly so concerned 
The 1975 bill which provided the bonanza of l u mp s u m sick l e a v e pay-offs for departing policemen and firem en was the brain ch ild of Lom ­ bardino. 
The governor had no qualm s when he signed it, though its excessive «ost to local go v ern m en t had been vehe­ m ently protested by M ayor C harles 
Becker and the city council. 

Lust D ecem ber when controversy over the g e n e ro u s le g isla tio n was reaching a crescendo in San Antonio, 
B n s e o e h u stled down to a lavish fund-raising bush for Lombardino — who, by the way, had rick been involved in any election cam paign during the year. 
Shiny badge 

The governor heaped praise on the senator and then accepted a token of the esteem of grateful m em bers of the 
Police Officers Association — Police 
Budge No. OUI. 
Back in Austin last month the gov­ ernor and Lombardino found some­ thing else that urgent Iv needed local financing. 
Briscoe enthusiastically backed a bill by the senator which will create new courts in profusion, including four new distric t courts iii Bexar County. 
All four may be needed here, but the testim ony produced for them shows statistical gaps and legislators have avoided raising probing questions 

"They need two courts at most,” observed one cynical lawyer last week, 
"but they have to get four in order to 

 keep the political agreem ents glued together," 
Political hay 
( o n sid erab le political benefit, of course, will go to Briscoe, w ho gets to make the judicial appointments — and possibly a new district atto rn ey a p ­ pointment, if Ted Buller is promoted to a bench, Lombardino, in turn, will g et to c le a r so m e of th e p o litica l plums. 
What about the cost? I f s nominal fur the state. Most will be paid by local taxpayers, E stim ate s by the county auditor place this ut $45o.OOO for per­ sonnel. 
Bul the fiscal notes don't mention the price for physical facilities for the new courts. Four year-' ago, appraising a sim ilar court plan, former commis­ sioner Frank Vaughan, acting as trea­ sury watchdog, placed this at l l m il­ lion, ll sh o u ld be s o m e th in g to think about 
But the governor s drive for a low budget will hit Bexar County hard 
None of th is local sp e n d in g , of course, will affect Briscoe s boast id holding down state costs. 

After an incredibly long period of foot-dragging construction I TXA fin­ ally has begun full u n d e rg ra d u a te operations. 
There are now some 7,5oo students at all levels and enrollment will jum p 15 to 2o per cent next year. 
This y ear’s UTSA budget comes to 
$15.8 m illio n . 
And th o u g h th e struggling school’* student body may rise next year, its budget will crash, if 
Briscoe has his way. He’s cut it to just 
$14.8 million. 
Possibly the cruelest slash he pro* po^ei for the next two years ii tin* eli­ mination of a modest $275,(MXI request­ ed as m atching money for a federal­ ly-financed work-study program 
The federal outlay would com e to 
$14 million, but riot without Un* stale ap p ro p riatio n . The p ro g ra m would make it possible for hundreds of Mu* dent* from jow-incume homes to gain a college education 
P e rh a p s L o m b ard in o should take time off from hts expensive defense of the sick pay bonus and talk about his 
Nu I campaign promise with Dolph, 
That was to "assu re generous state appropriations” for UTSA. 

Sn*. Is unionization of the Armed 
For ces un idea whose time has come? 
This appears inevitable! The trend for decades has been fostered by the failure of the Congress and defense officials, civilian and military, to re­ cognize their responsibility for repre­ senting their constituents. Any rever­ sal of this unfortunate trend appears remote. 
The corporate or scientific b ac k ­ ground of most defense secretaries had led them to expect som a external representation would provide the ad­ versary relationship they so ardently expected. 
If unionization is to be averted, a national level of representation ad ­ dressing se rv ic em en ’* professional and personal interests is required. 
Benign neglect is so ingrained that any reversal within the allowable time does not appear possible. The callous treat­ ment Rep U s Asptn would accord our nation military personnel contributes directly to the drive to unionize them, 
The Congress and executive will not fill the bill but others are standing in the wings and waiting. As it appears now, the C arter adm inistration is on course for the dubious honor of relin­ quishing com ma lid to the unions. 
Henry L. Phillips 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

• 
•'f* ■ : 
V -W W - 

E xpress-N ew s outdoor writer Dan 
Klepper recently spent IO days touring 
Argentina from the P a m p a s to the 
Andes on what was to be a fishing trip. 

Most of the news accounts he had read prior to the trip had concerned terrorist activities and the chaotic political and 

 economic situation. What he found was so d ifferent that he began asking 
Argentines about their country and its future. 

Questions grew into Interviews. which produced this inside look at an impor­ tant South American neighbor. 

KLEPPER 
By DAN K L E P P E R 
Buenos Aires, March 24. 1976. 
A m ilita ry coup ousts the g o ­ v e rn m e n t of P r e s id e n t M aria 
(Is a b e l) E s t e l a M a rtin e z de 
Peron. 
The coup is swift and bloodless. The leader of the coup. Gen. Jorge R. Yi- dela. m oralistic arm y chief, says the country will be reorganized for even­ tual return to a republican democracy and will be aligned with the Western and Christian world. 
A military junta consisting of com ­ m an d ers of the three arm e d forces forms an austere governm ent. Politi­ cal and labor activity is ordered ended 
A ldeia is nam ed p resident, and the junta mounts an attack on Argentina’s political v iolence and economic woes. 
★ ★ ★ 
It was an attack that, more than IU months later, is still under way, for the violence was w id esp re ad , the woes many. 
But progress has been m ade. P ro ­ gress was. in one respect, inevitable, because the country was in (lect) trou­ ble. The situation was chaotic. For 21 months the 45-year-old widow of Juan 
Peron had followed in her late hus­ band’s footsteps. 
D uring those 21 m onths political violence claimed more than 1,7(111 lives. 
M urder and k idnappings were co m ­ monplace. For all practical purposes, subversive elements had divided the country. 
Argentina was ripe for a takeover, ii not by the military, by the subversives. 
Elections? 
How do Argentines feel about the coup? What are their attitudes toward a m ilitary governm ent? Would they like to see fre e e le c tio n s held tomorrow? 
I cannot answ er for all 25 million 
A rgentines, only for a few. This re­ porter recently spent IU days in several parts of this South American nation. 
I talked to businessmen, professional people, ranchers, guides and .journa­ lists. They talked candidly . . . and anonym ously . . . about the govern­ ment. the terrorism which has gripped th eir country, the corruption of the 
Peron administration. 
Many 
A rg e n tin e s a re b itt e r ly disappointed with stories about their country in the A m erican press. T e r­ rorist killings and kidnappings result­ 

 ing in m ulti-m illion-dollar ran so m s have captured the headlines. 
Most A m ericans know little of our neighbors on the southern continent. 
We hav e our eyes and ears turned east and west. Any country south of Mexico all too often is stereotyped as a pover­ ty-stricken banana republic. 
European 
Argentina hardly is that. Ninety-se­ ven per cent of the Argentines are of 
European extraction . . . Spanish, Ita­ lian, E n g lis h , Irish , G e rm a n , A us­ trian. And 92 per cent of the people are literate. 
More than a third of the population, about nine m illion, live in B uenos 
Aires, a modern, sprawling, skyscra- pered metropolis on tin1 southern bank of the Rio de la Plata where the wa­ terway meets the Atlantic. 
Argentina is roughly four tim es the size of Texas. It extends from Bolivia and Paraguay on the north to Tierra del F u eg o to th e so u th , from th e southern Atlantic on the east to the 
Andes and C hile on the west. 
The language is Spanish. P rim a ry education and a foreign language are compulsory. English is the most com ­ mon foreign language. 
Between HU and UU per cent of the people are born Catholic. About half are practicing Catholics. By law, the president and vice president must be both Catholic and Argentine by birth. 

Also by law, voting is compulsory. It is a penal offense for any Argentine 18 years of age and older not to vote. 
Some Argentines feel that com pul­ sory voting gave Juan Peron the pre­ sidency during the last election. 
Peron’s first term in office began in 
1946 when he was elected president. Ile built a following through concessions to labor, and he replaced democracy with a dictatorship. 
Ile surpressed freedom of speech, press and religious schools, and he ran the country into debt. A combination military /civilian coup unseated Peron in 1955, and he was exiled. 
A provisional governm ent was re ­ placed by a m ilitary junta, and the first free elections in more than a decade were held three years after the coup. 
A succession of civilian governments and military coups followed for several years. In tile March, 1973. elections. 
Hector J. Oampora, a follower of P er­ on, w as ele c te d p r e s id e n t. A few months later, Campora resigned, and an aging Peron, then 77, returned to 
A rgentina and, with the backing of labor, was elected president. 
Labor’s power 
Som e A rg e n tin e s m a in ta in th a t, through the com pulsory voting law. labor was able to deliver the votes of workers to Peron to return him to of­ fice. 

Argentine capitol stands empty, temporarily unused 

Peron died July I, 1974 His wife, 
Isabel, succeeded him. Peron had met 
Isabel in Panam a when she had been in exile. Depending on whom you ask, she was either a folklore dancer or a cabaret B girl 
Either way, she was ill qualified to handle the job of president, especially with po litical te rr o r is m on the in ­ crease, the country’s economy rapidly deteriorating and her late husband s corrupt appointees still in office. 
“ Power was iii a complete vacuum except iii the m ilita ry ,” recalls one 
A rg e n tin e . “ A m ilita ry coup w as mandatory, lf the military didn’t take over the g o v ern m e n t, a su b v ersiv e 
Marxist force would.” 

“ Towards the end of Juan P ero n ’s second administration, everything was coming to a standstill,” says another. 
“ The Heron government was corrupt from the top, and the country was very 

A r g e n t i n i a n s 
M a n y s a y th e y a re u n cer­ tain a b o u t tlieir country's future 

 close to total collapse. Isabel d id n ’t change it. She was controlled by those robbing under Peron’s governm ent.” 
H ig h i ut tat iou 
I’lie coup last March was both econ­ om ic and p o litic a l i i i n a tu re . T h e country was plagued bv the w orld’s worst rate of inflation, I.UUU per cent per year. 
The new governm ent im m ediately took two steps i ii an effort t o put the country oil the road to economic reco­ very. 
Salaries were frozen, and Argentines were prohibited from buying U.S. dol­ la rs or se n d in g th e m out of the country, 
“ Salaried employes have suffered,” a businessman admits. “ But the freeze 

 to stop it. Iud they weren't effective. 
T h i s government was so strict it was dom' overnight.” 
Iii spite of frozen salaries and high inflation, Argentines are buying. Tin* stores i i i Buenos Aires are full of goods and shoppers. And nearly everyone has a job. Many have more than one The unemployment rate at tin* end of last 
October was 4.2 per cent 
Iii another attack on the economic situation, the m ilitary government is trying to return industries nationalized under the Peron administration to p ri­ vate hands. 
Here, too, it has problems. Who wants to take over a railway system that i s losing $2 million a day? 
E lim inating the subversives might be easier than making a profit on the railroad. rile g o v ern m en t u n d er P re sid en t 
Videla and the three-man junta wasted no tim e in launching an attack on this second and equally devasting problem 
. . . guerrilla warfare. 
Subversives 
T h e re a re two m a jo r s u b v e rs iv e has enabled industry, which was on the * Eroul,s ‘'berating i i i the count! y, t i n 

JU A N PERON 
ISABEL PERO N 
GEN. JORGE VIDELA 

 verge of bankruptcy, lo lift up its head again.” 
The rate of inflation dropped to 25o lier cent toward the end of 1976. rills veal* the government hopes to lower it to HIU per cent 
“ I believe that after March the go­ vernment will fret* salaries to a certain degree," the businessman said. “ This will increase Inflation, but it will in­ crease buy mg power.” 
Stabilized 
Prohibiting the purchase of dollars h a s kept money in the country to help stabilize tin* economy. 
“ A few years ago, people who had extra pesos bought dollars, robbing th** co u n try of c a p i t a l ,” a re sid e n t e x ­ plained, “ Previous governments tried 

Montoneros and th** People’s Revolu­ tionary Army (ER P). 
Both groups are still operating, bul th** government is making headway. 
The subversives, on tin* whole young aud in te llig e n t, a r e slow ly tieing strangled. New recruits ar** fewer i i i number. 
“ Th** ERP is about finished," tine 
Argentine said. “ But not th** Mouton- eros. They are th** worst, th** Maoists and ( astroites.” 
Another Argentine, a Buenos Aires professional man, feels tin* war — and lie calls it a war — is tieing won. 
"T hey are in their last, d esperate effo rts,” he m aintains. “ They have been eliminated i i i the north and are now concentrated in the cities. Most of 

The grow ing nuclear m enace 

WASHINGTON - Inside the oval office, a quietly confident 
Jim m y Carter is now examining tin* Big Picture. 
This is the v lew o! the world that has been put together for him from Hi** jigsaw pieees of intelligence vvhieli tilter into the \ \ Ink* House. 
Tile view that has emerged from the intelligence reports and strategic an­ alyses is dark with menace. One top* secret strategy study, sum m arized in 
National Security M em orandum 24ti. sii<ivvs Soviet military strength on the rise and A m erican might on the d e ­ cline. 
The study concludes tiial the S o v i e t s are aggressively seeking strategic su­ periority liver the United States 

Ominous lins warning is buttressed by P en­ tagon docum ents which m easure the 
Sovlet military growth by ever.' avail­ able statistical standard 
Both the state Department anti the Central In­ telligence Agency have added ominous overtones, citing intelligence reports that the Soviets are extending their reach and manipulating events around th** world 

JACK 
ANDERSON 

I m m ll a n ilin u h m 

Yet the new President has shown no sense of alarm over the Big Picture, 
Ile bas studied the grim reports and listened to the gloomy briefings with the air of a man who is unworried aud unhurried. 
Sources close to ( arter say bis atti­ tude i* that the United States still is the most powerful nation on earth. There­ fore, he will let th** Russians do the s tew in g : lie has m o re im p o rta n t econom ic and energy p ro b le m s to worry about 
DI course, the President recognizes that t h e Soviet Union not only p o s ­ 

 s e s s e s un awesome striking force but is stren g th en in g it by the day. The 
I lilted States has a greater technical sophistication and stronger economic base, however, which m akes it the No. 
I world tamer. 
He is also convinced from the avail­ 

 able evidence that the United States would win a nuclear showdown. 
Aft bis real goal, as Iii* declared in bis in a u g u ra l a d d r e s s , is 
“ th e c lim in u tion of all n u c lea r w eapons from this earth.” As tin* first step. he has already called for an im m ediate halt lo underground nuclear testing and a substantial reduction i ii nuclear weapons. lh* believes the Soviets can be sold 

• Mi this. say our sources, if for no other reason than America bas nuclear su­ periority. Moscow, therefor**, has the m o s t to gain from nuclear controls. 
Full cry 
Hi the b ack ro o m s of W ashington, meanwhile, the hawks and the doves are in full cry. They disagree vehe­ mently over the Russian challenge. 
The m ilitary picture, therefore, is cloudy and Hi** conclusions controver­ sial. But here, essentially, is lh** view from th** VV lute House: 
• No one disputes that Sov iet power is growing. The Russian arm ed forces ar** out-spending, out strip p in g and out-modernizing the American forces. 
Vet overall, the United States still re- lams military dominance over the So- viet Union. I t’s the tren d s that a re troubling ll the Russian growth rate 
A glossary o f Brrrrr 

WASHINGTON - What art* tin* key factors iii the energy crisis? What arc we really talk­ ing about? Here is a glossary of terms t«» help you understand it 
Gas — Once usihI to explain a joke as in ' that s a gas.” Also used to de­ scribe some*MU* who h a s longwinded as iii “ he is full of gas." Occasionally said to a |H*rson you wanted to hurry a s in 
“ step on the gas.” 
But now it turns out that it is a co­ lo rless s u b s ta n c e t fiat ev e ry o n e thought we’d never run out of, and was cheap, something you had nothing to do with except to «i|u*n the door once a month ami let the “ gas m an " go down into your b a s e m e n t and read your meter. 
Snow 
— O nce a b ea u tifu l w hite substance that fell two or three or six inches aud gave everyone pleasure to watch from their w arm living room and Iud rooms which were healed by gas or oil which are now very much iii short supply. People used to welcome snow; now they fear it. One reason is that snow used lo fall iii ski areas aud mountains. Now it falls iii lh** cities and ill many cases misses the ski ureas altogether, which doesn t make econo­ mic sense and is another example of had en v iro n m en ta l planning by the government. lee — Once used to put in drinks to make them cold. The first thing a wit** 

ART 
BUCHWALD 

I Ii i> Ii p it l r r nill*' 

 said to a husband when they were giv­ ing a party was “ We’re out of ice.” It is now found on streets, sidewalks, and liousesteps. and what usually was pa­ latable to mouth has now become dan­ gerous to foot and car. lee usually forms lintier snow where you can ’t see it. It loves to chew up snow tires. You can spin for hours iii one tiny segment of the stuff amt never move un inch. 
The reason your insurance rates will 
Ik* going up this spring can be blamed un the ice you see this winter, The only people win) like tee ar** people who sell safety glass or fenders or orthopedic equipment such as crutches 
Salt 
— Once put on food. now it’s supposed to be put un m uds, I ufor* 
Innately, there is a shortage of salt localise of the ice. The salt is supfxiscd to melt the ice so you won t shul on it. 
But Hie salt also melts the road as well 
When salt seeps through the asphalt it m a k e s w hat is com m only called a pothole, which will only be repaired during un election year. 
Wind I hill Esc (ary — Tin* combin­ 

 ation «il the tem perature plus the speed of the wind produces what is known as the w ind chill fac to r. No one ev er heard of the wind chill factor before telev isio n w e a th e r re p o rts . It was either cold outside or very cold, or if you cam e i ii with a really red face ll was FREEZING. Now you know that with lh** wind chill factor it is IU below zero, 2U below zero or 4U below zero. 
People who would ordinarily go about their business are now so intimidated by the wind chill factor that some of them won t get out of lied for days. 
Slush — Is what gathers when it gets warm and the ice and snow melt Its m a in function is to a c c u m u la te at cu rb s and intersections w here au to ­ mobiles can splash it at people waiting for a bus or to e ro s s th e s tr e e t. 
Splashing slush on people in the streets m akes people i i i ca rs feel good anti sometimes m akes them feel as if the long, cold winter was all worthwhile. 
Price Freeze — Blumed by the gas people for the shortage of their product as well as their inability to deliver the stuff to the right place ut the right time Gas companies are now taking full-puge ad v ertisem en ts telling the 
American people they w arned them there would Ik* a gas shortage if the government kept regulating the price freeze tm g a s , would there have been enough of it to go around this winter? 
Or, as some people believe, was it just another snow job’’ 

 and the A m erican down tren d co n ­ tinue, th** United States will fall be­ hind. Some Carter advisers argue, ne­ vertheless. that America m ust lead the way to he ag reem en t by d is a rm in g laster than Russia. 
• 
T h e U nited S tate s still h as a tliree-to-one lead in ability to deliver nuclear w arheads. Its w eapons sy s­ te m s a re m o re d iv e rsifie d and its technology is superior. 

• 
The Soviets have a hug** m a n ­ power advantage. They can man their armed forces and defense factories at far less cost than the United States is able to do, with its higher salaries and retirement benefits. The Soviet Union also spends much less on the feeding and pam pering of its troops. Most U.S. m ilita ry p erso n n el a re en g a g ed iii providing services for on** another. 
• 
A s an economic |M>w**r. the Sox lot 
I I l i o n la g s far b ehind th e U nited 
States. 
Reds iii red 

I ii 1974, Russia wound up with a $911 million deficit. This jumped to a record $6 3 billion deficit i i i 
1975 
Although the 1976 figures aren 't yet available, the confidential U S. e s ti­ mate is that the Soviets will run up a total 1976 deficit of $4 to $6 billion 
T he P re s id e n t is u n d er p re s s u r e from the hawks, meanwhile, to build a new g e n e ra tio n of in te rc o n tin e n ta l missiles, strategic bom bers and w ar­ ships, including the controversial B-l bundler. 
But at least three m em bers of the 
House A rm ed S erv ices C o m m itte e have urged Carter privately to d isre­ gard the hawkish CIA estim ates of So­ viet strength and to hold down military expenditures. 
Iii a confidential letter to Hie, P resi­ dent and his security adviser, Zbig­ niew Br/ezinski, they charge that the 
CIA estim ates “ can only be interpreted as an attem pt to present our military capability falsely and iii the w orse possible light, ill order to sear** the 
American people into raising defense expenditures ' 
Stand-oh 

The letter, signed by Rep, Bub Carr 
(D-Mich.), Thomas Downey (I).-N Y.) and Robert Leggett (D-Calif.) duesn t dispute that the Soviet Union is striv­ ing for military superiority. But th** letter contends “ We are considerably closer to superiority than are the S o - viets and can m aintain this lead at considerably lower expense than we spend today. But tin* fad rem ains that neither sun* is likely to come close to superiority in any meaningful sense." 
T he two g re a t s u p e rp o w e r s , meanwhile, go on playing the Metter- inch gam e of balancing world power. 
Iii troth the Kremlin and White House, the rival leaders should Ire reminded that the power of great nations is never so apparent as when it is misused 

For the Third Straigh t Y e a r 
The Express-News and 
San 
Antonio 
Texas 
Exes Club 
Welcome v— " 
The 
U niversity o f T e xas 
Longhorn Sym phonic 
Band in Concert Wed., 
March 2nd at the Theater for the Performing Arts 

The Express-News and San Antonio Texas Exes 

 take pride in announcing that the fantastic UT 

Symphonic Band will once again be performing 

 in San Antonio for the benefit 

 of deserving youngsters. Just 

 one dollar will admit you to 

 this tremendous concert with all proceeds from 

 the show going toward 

 scholarships. 

ORDER YOUR 
TICKETS N O W . 

IT S GOING TO BE A SELL-OUT 
I k 
AGAIN THIS YEAR! 

• • • 

ADMISSION 
ONLY *1 

WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 2nd 
7:3o p.m. 

Theater for the 

Performing Arts 

SEND IN FOR 
YOUR TICKETS 
WITH THIS 
HANDY 
COUPON 

M A IL T O I 
UT BANO TICKETS 
8 o 3 8 W yr/boch Rood, « JB O 
Son Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

Pleavi Mind m a tickets to the Ut Symphonic Bund Can ceti st the Theater for the Performing Ails on Wed, Mardi I, at 7:3opm I have en*loved SI for each ticket 

NAME 

ADDRESS 
- 
- 
_ 
(HT si Att f» a«ei OUK*! an* Mum* (Men papaM* la Sa* Ani*.*,* !««•* U*» (Ms 
NOH. WAH Maim A MU AMMINO. MAMMO HtVtlOM KM A nom e mum ar tout nuns 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
Four FBI agents to w atch one little Flow er 

Power 
Players 

Movers and shakers 

A NEW legal response by MADRY 
MAVERICK is keeping the heat on the federal governm ent to divulge more in fo rm atio n on its sp y in g on the 
American Friends Service Committee h ere betw een 1968 an d 1971 . . . 
MADRY is acting for TOM FLOWER, who was peace education secretary of the Quaker group . . . his latest legal move cites an article in “ Q uaker 
Journal” reporting FBI files already obtained show reports from an agent in 
San Antonio on AFSC peace activities and one on an Austin conference at­ tended by FLOWER where “ as many as four agents seem to have been busy gathering information” . . . 
A CB dialogue between HOLY POLY and CALICO KID which took place between here and A ustin last week might have singed the ears off G o \. 
DOLPH BRISCOE . . . spotting CALI 
CO’S legislative plates, ROIA' POLY, a college prof, sounded off on the guy’s proposal to force an increase in the course load handled by educators . he picked a good listener . . . CALICO was none other than Rep. BOB VALE who is a m em ber of the House Appro­ priations Committee. . . 

AMONG ITEMS which have been w hacked from the UTSA b u d g et 

(hopefully to be replaced) is one which would provide funds to expand faci­ lities for downtown classes at tin' In­ stitute of Texan Cultures . . . both local members of tin' House Appropriations 
Committee, Reps. 
BOB VALE and 
LOC NELLE SETTON, are interested in the downtown program and may get it restored . . . 
ROOF-RAISING: Centro 21 urging council to get on with the arena roof- raisin g and seat expansion — very helpful to the Spurs, — at the initiation of m ember DAVID STRADS who said 
“ One of m y h a ts is as a S p u rs investor . . . the resolution passed . . . 
Former Centro 21 Chairman PAT LE­ 
GAN saying: “ The Spurs are the one of the few great national assets to come down the pike!" 
GUESS WHO got cre d it . . and thanks 
. . . for getting the arena roof-raising under planning schedule and in quick time? SAM GRANATA tliat’s who . . . and none other than 
Mayor COCKRELL did the honors publicly for the former city m anager now back in his public works saddle. . . 
UNDERSTATEMENT. 
Developer 
DOUG SAUNDERS telling council, “ It has not been a sellers’ market (in real estate)” these three years past . . . after council went ahead with its se­ v en -y ear a n n e x a tio n /p r o p e r ty tax waiver plan for the proposed expansion of a W inn’s Stores subsidiary, WSI, 
Inc. on a parcel SAUNDERS put to­ gether just beyond the city limits. 
DID YOU KNOW Department: Tex­ ans For Freedom — headed by CER­ 
TIS BELL — the group that fought 

Potpourri 

P eo ple (iud Politics 

Boiler 
Room 
Cam paign miscellanea 

 single-m em ber districting in the m e­ dia and at the polls *— along with ABC 
(Alliance for a Better City) — received 
$5,5oo from ABC . . . . and promptly paid it over to The Pitluk Group for a d v e r tis in g co n n e c ted w ith th e campaign . . . . check was made out bv 
ABC Treasurer IRENE WISCHER, the required cam paign contribution and expenditure lists indicate. 
A group of IO women supporting Dr. 
JO SE SAN MARTIN in his bid for mayor will honor the good doc from 2-4 p.m. Feb. DI with a pan dolce and coffee party at the Pan-American Res­ taurant, 721) Pleasanton Rd. . . . 

STATE Rep. FRANK TEJEDA and 
FODE boss EDMUNDO ZARAGOSA reportedly grooming FRANK WING, a Chinese-Ameriean, for City Council from District 4 . . . the last Chinese- 

Ameriean elected to public office from 
Bexar County was TOM L E E , who became the first American of Chinese extraction to win a leg islativ e post from 
Bexar County 
. . . all TOM asked, in his cam paign, was “ a Chin­ a m an ’s chance.” . . . He was subse­ quently defeated. . . 

FOR THE HOTTEST CAMPAIGN­ 
ING, TRY COUNCIL CHAMBERS - 
W hen South Side le a d e r 
H E LE N 
DETMER sashayed to the podium for the third time last council meeting, 
RICHARD TENIENTE said she was using the council meeting for election­ eerin g . (S h e ’s ru n n in g for council seat). . .The way some of the council m em bers were carrying on about one thing and another, it sounded like the old axiom about the pot and the kettle. 

HE CAN COUNT: TENIENTE list­ ing all the m ajor projects financed by the city that he’s helped push through for residents of D istrict 7 in his re ­ election bid news conference last week 
. . . . listed ‘em all just in case anybody forgets who’s adept at bringing home the bacon . . . . 

 lf you win our gtont $ 1 ,ooo Sonu* Number and you ar# a proton! tubK rlbor to both tho daily San Antonio I« p ro n and Tho Now*, you'd win yourtalf on ADDITIONAL $5oo in primo! lf you OTO a proton! tu b ttrlb o r to oithor tho doily ta - p ro n or Tho Now*, you'd c l a i m an additional $2 SO in prim al 

Y O U MMI ch n Mf y o u r o w n prism fr o m th * p o y t i o f th o S an An* 

 to n lo (x p ro M , TH# N o w s , mr w o a h a m l E * p ra s i-N o w » l AN p rism s o r * m o d o o u t In g ilt c a r tif ic a t* fo r m f o r tK o a m o u n t y o u w in 

. . . yow Tail m w h a t yow w o n t ms rn p rix # ) 

Just Look at Thoxo G ro at P riio s O ffe red in 
14 W o o k s of Sw e e p stake * *77: 

SUNDAY BONUS 
WINN INO NUMBIRS 

WORTH OVtR 

SATURDAY A DAILY 

WINNING NUMBIRS 
WORTH 

SUBSCRIBIR 

BONUSIS 

WORTH UR TO 

WINNING 

NUMBIRS 

TOTALING 

*16,ooo 
*23,1oo 
*7,ooo 
*4,2oo 

IN RRIZIS 
IN RRIZIS 
IN RRIZIS 
IN SRURS TICKUS 

I. TO INTfR 

 a w a w a m tm t w H M i u n t a m w a w Newt t o toe 
IM I I n W W * . I n a * t t l t l . 

The Rules: 

I . . i 
N o t * ' 
I* 
• w t w t w ta Wa *m“ t ta** Aa- 
M ala tin 'll ana It* •*•<■>• ta a* A * or* Aa l a i 'C it a a aa- 
Ain a a al t i OO la a rn a* 
It Wa 

 aaa! I l a a * W a a r n , Oar tm 
■ Iaaa a n a * a a iaawf aamt a* 
I* a.a n in n aa M 4a*. fan .-Oar, a* Ina Aaa 
Wa am a* aa*** Aa 
9 a w Wa *a*iaw*a9 

• •ama* OS A a M *ai Aa a* Wa 

 ta#**** anA Maw*. Ava. I aaa 
"w a I*.. Aaa, I M a a * tm i t s 

Wa "Tit" Aaa It yaa a lw ta 
■ A n rW* la Wa taa*aa* a* Naart a* Aam ar It ,a v arlW tm m44 mm 
Wa awa* papa*, o* AA a, Wa 
“NO*' Aaa lf ,a*> Aa aa* wha la 

 aMjAAta tar Wa art aa* IA ,a ~ *a**A 

2 . RRIZIS 

I I M A p W i iATUMAr Mutt Will COM***' 
O f tOS It) ll ll) 
• o 111 i pvti ii titan* i* AAwi 

BAHT M U I* r n S O T H IIH t i . 
M « * » a n o n a m w * 

1 * o i t ) 
I* (ll 
IBID i i m i I* noun ii PAM) 

A 
I O ' A l 
O f 
M O B 
IN 
M U IA 
BAM ! B tu* A At ABVA* I t t a IT*) 

W amac* a a * w a * *a Wa f*r- 
. al a m i Bap* af Wa tapra**- 
N a v * AW A** * Av# I <mA n*wA 
A* tm ttmtm A a a a m a * 
W ar 
■ a n Aava a rval a l W in l a n a i 
*a<aw*r aamAa* p * H * A lr rn 

 wamar* maa* «*«• 
•aa* Wa l*pra** aaA Na*** Ay Wa 

 aAl Aa *mr*m"m4 

S. WHO MAY IN?IR 

 tis* HO OOO Swoop.*«*•. f t M 
• PPM NI rn**? 
# 1 «*-**» y «*•#« 
*»Hor* RNR ten 
•**4 t h * Hm m * BNI 4*B *rtW *p4 
Dtp a*#? pi 

*3oo 
IN PRIZES 
OFFERED 
DAILY! 

AND 

*4,2oo 
IN SRURS 
TICKETS 
OFFERED! 

RUT HURRY! SEND IN YOUR ENTRY 
NOW... 
C O M PU T E 
W ITH 
YOUR 
SOCIAL SECURITY N U M RERI 

^ A f l lisi 

 t h i s 

* N T R y c ° U P q n 

N O W ? 

The earlier yon moil In yow entry, th* m ore t; ow Ina* yau’tt be eligi­ ble b r l Oaily draw lnpi _ ore Hehf te determ ine winners! 
™ 

1 be V 

' 5 o ' ° o o m i P S T A K t S 

U p S n E k Z rn 

At The 

Capitol 

Lust a r e A 

 in .Instill 

Elton and Ruby Cude in his, er, their office 
Ruby Cude: A dynamite lady 

STATE Scil 
FRANK 
LOMBARDINO insisting there was no politics in­ volved in his sponsorship of the bill giving San An­ tonio firemen and police­ men retirem ent benefits vastly superior to those accorded other city em ­ ployes ’. . . FRANK says, in that $8,1oo insert he sent out: “ Of the over 
8oo.ooo persons in San 
Antonio, only 2.1oo of these are policeman and firem e n . In Sen. Lom- b a r d in o ’s d is t r ic t of 
1oo.ooo registered voters, not m ore than 8oo are police or fire workers. 
Contrary to what the Ex­ press-N ew s h a s sa id . 
Sen. Lombardino did not sponsor S.B. 412 to gain the votes of policemen and fire m e n .” . . . no, not much, he didn’t . . . 

FRANK d o e s n ’t c a re about those old firemen and policemen votes . . . what the senator doesn’t say is the most of those 
“ not more than 8oo“ have w ives, g irl frie n d s , fathers, mothers, uncles, aunts, sisters, brothers, and co u sin s, so m e of whom must live iii the d is tric t . . . and “ not m ore than 8oo” looms larger than life when it is rem em bered that LOM­ 
BARDINO sq u eezed through his last election in 1974 in a run-off by a m e re 99 v otes out of 
38,931 cast 
FR \NK needs every fire m a n ’s and policeman’s vote he can g et, and then some. . . 

TH E San Antonio P o­ lice Officers’ Association has six lobbyists re g is­ tered with the Secretary of S ta te , not c o u n tin g 
S tate Sen. 
LO M B A R ­ 
DINO, who is not a re­ gistered lobbyist . . . the six in c lu d e 
JE R R Y 
CLANEY. LEROY GAR 
EIA, ROLAND T A FO L ­ 
LA. 
BARNEY 
RING. 
HAROLD H O FF, and 
STANLEY BRONDER . . 
. th e c ity h as one lo b ­ byist. JE R R Y HENCK­ 
EL. registered, and the 
City 
P u b lic 
S erv ice 
Board has two 
R 
M 
JOLLY and STEWART 
SCHOOLER - - - Politico and a tto rn e y 
H ERB 
K E L L E H E R is r e g is ­ tered as lobbyist for the 
Texas Physicians Crisis 
Committee . . . 

NOT to be left out of t h e fun iii l a s t w e e k ’s 
Senate debate over the bingo issue (whether to legalize it). 
Ct 
Gov. 
BILLY 
HOBBY added some of his own spice to the often hum orous ex­ changes . . . just before the next to last crucial vote was to be taken 
HOBBY asked the Sc- cretary of the Senate “ to roll the d u e or call the r o l l . . . 

By CHERYL COGGINS 
Ruby Cude is like a loaded pistol — ready to go off at any moment. 
T h e explosive little w om an is fueled by concern for others. But no one denies she’s got a temper. 
She’s usually held in check bv her husband of 45 years, District Clerk 
Elton Cude. 
A lthough n ev er on the county payroll herself, m ost Courthouse regulars regard Mrs. Cude as one of the most colorful, outspoken and, at tim e s , te n d e r -h e a r te d fix tu re s there. 
She ad m its she spends a lot of tim e in Code’s office on the third floor. 
“ I worked my fanny off to got him elected, and I’ll com e up when I want,” she ll tell you in a voice that means business. 
She wants to learn office proce­ dures and to know Code’s employes, some of whom were with him when he was first elected district clerk IO years ago. 
Blunt 
“ I come down here to have lunch sometimes. I like most people. Of course, some I like a whole lot bet­ ter than others,’’ she says. 
Mrs, Cude may be m arried to a masterful politician, but there’s not a thing cagey or evasive about her answers. 
On extra m arital sex, sh e’s just as vivid. “ People are more prom is­ cuous now. I couldn’t take it. I’d kill 
Elton.” 
And she’s been dissatisfied occa­ sio n ally w ith p re ss c o v e ra g e of 
Cude and his office. 
“ I don’t care what anybody says as long as it’s true, but Elton’s been accused of things he’d never do. 
“ Things are slanted and twisted. 
It doesn’t really hurt me. It just makes me m ad .” 
Eject ‘cm 
She also has strong beliefs about proper behavior at City Hall. 
“ I w ouldn’t put up with COPS 
(Communities rganized for Public 
Service) for two minutes. I’d have the police put them out if they were disruptive.’’ 
But behind Mrs Clide’s vocal and rather hard hitting “ eye for an eye and tooth for a tooth” philosophy, th e r e ’s a w om an w h o ’s devoted hundreds of hours and dollars to causes she believes in. 
She helped her husband get out 
9o,ooo pieces of literature with the aid of only three other people when he first ran for district clerk. 
And she s worked countless hours making signs, organizing workers and planning campaign strategy in his other contested race for the of­ fice. 

O u tsid e th e C o u rth o u se , M rs. 
Cude has been involved in civic, historical and charitable organiza­ tions. 
Busy 
She has served as a m em b er of the board of directors for the Mis­ sion Home and T rain in g School, board of trustees for the library and as president of the State Association of Texas Pioneers. 
She is also past honorary lady chairm an of the Pioneers Associa­ tion. 
When she was p resid en t of the 
FTA at the school her sons at­ tended, Mrs. Cude sometimes could m a n e u v e r the o rg an iz atio n into projects not entirely school related. 
“ I once fast-talked the FTA into an old folks venture.” she said. 
After she got involved in the pro­ je c t, she d isco v ered d ep lo ra b le conditions in a county home and 
“ started making waves.” 
Before it was all over, both Cudes were instrumental in getting a bond issue in Southton passed for con­ struction of a new home for the el­ derly. 
Loser 

Once Mrs. Cude ran for and lost a race for the City Council. 
But she says she won’t run again. 
Hundreds of people approach her each election year, asking her to run because she’ll say what she be­ lieves, Mrs. Cude says. 
“ And I tell th em , ‘Hell, th a t’sv what lost it for me the first tim e’,” 
Mrs. Cude explains. 
Her main project is being Mrs. 
Elton Cude, and the district clerk co uldn’t ask for a b ette r sp o k es­ man. 
“ He’s top as a politician and as a father and a husband,” she says. 
She met him when she was 14 and married him about two years later when one of his old girlfriends told her. “ He’s got the sweetest lips,” 
Kilby recalls. . . 
“ He was a living doll. I saw him and I th o u g h t, ‘Boy, y o u ’re for m e’.” 
She doesn’t know all the reasons tho Cudes have rem ained happily m arried alm ost half a century ex­ cept, “ I just stayed in love with him. 
“ I never saw anybody who could hold a candle to him ,” she explains, fondly caressing a diamond heart- shaped pendant Cude designed for her on their 4Hrd wedding anniver­ sary. 
“ I’m too dam n selfish that if I wasn’t happy, I wouldn’t live with a m an,” she says. 
And then, with her feet propped up on a chair, she’ll lean back and smile. 
“ I f s just too bad I’m not as sweet as he is.” 
Currying disfavor with Judge Curry 
Around 
Town 

 ll ateh the netvsmakers 

ALWAYS ONE FOK SPECIAL AT­ 
TENTION . . . When the San Antonio 
Bar Assn. released its (Mil) of all the local judges, including Bist. Ju d g e 
PETEK MICHAELE! KRY, several of the judge's colleagues were snickering about ju stice being done . . . they pointed out if J u d g e 
FI RRY had m ade the resu lts of the poll public when all the other judges had, there wouldn’t have been all the hoopla when it was revealed this week that he was near the bottom of the heap . . . Judge 
FERRY said he didn’t have his poll to turn over to the newspapers because he threw his away without looking at i t . . he said it was a waste of tune . . . 
MEDICAL MIRACLE . . . Visitors to 
Com missioners Court were surprised this week to find County Com. AL­ 
B ER T B U STA M A N TE w a s n ’t his usual talkative self , . . the reason for the te m p o ra ry change was that the commissioner had his tonsils removed during the weekend and his throat was still sore , . . however, courthouse re­ gulars art* betting everything will In* bal k to normal next week . . , 

TO PAY OR NOT TO . . , There still hasn’t been any official decision yet, but the indications are Justice of the 
Peace 
HI DY ESQUIVEL will go to court in his attem pt to get workm an's compensation for a buck injury . . the county auditor’s office says it basti I 

 found anything to support the proposi­ tion elected officials are covered by w o rk m an ’s com pensation . . . so it looks like ESQUIVEL will once again be breaking new ground if he takes the case to district court, as he's promised to do . . . 
GLAD TO HELP . . . Disc Judge 
KOBERT MI KRAY doesn’t have any qualms about whom he asks to help a r­ ound the court . 
. 
. this week when his bailiff w as te m p o ra rily out of the courtroom on an errand he asked a reporter to call in a witness or two . , . on occasion Judge MURRAY hasbeen known to even ask former Bist. Judge 
SOL FASSEB to call in witnesses when he was short on help. . . 
THE HIGH VISIBILITY of JO E 
RAINEY MANION in the office of 
County Tax Assessor-Collector BEN 
SHAW could be a problem to BEN . . . the $l-a-year MANION has become 
SHAWS shadow and that creates the impression that SHAW is unsure of his own talents. Reporters who call on 
SHAW wonder at the double-header aspect of interviews. . . 
MUNICIPAL EXTRAVAGANCE is in glittering evidence on the stationery of Market Square , . . i f s got gold engraved lettering that is RAISED and the Market Square em blem is in a rainbow of colors — practically the m ost costly p rin tin g possible . , , worse, is they are using that fancy printing and heavy tsrnd paper to send mil mimoegruphed press releases to the media . . . and maybe the budget tighteners ought to take a look at ail that aud com pare ll with other city letterheads — or the Shan of Iran's, which ti most resembles , . 

Son Antonio EXPRFSS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

WOMEN INCRIME 

All crime is rising, according to 

 police statistics. But crime h> wo­ men. including shockingly violent crime, is increasing drastically. 

Richard Deming, author of “ Man 

 and Society: Crim inal law at 
Work," explores this new trend in the first of six articles. 

The series continues this week in 

 the I ’xpress. 

By HK HARD DEMING 

All Hit* following ll incidents had four things in common. 

• About fifteen minutes after Pedro 
Gomez. Ha, was seen entering his apartment with a young woman, members of a tenants’ patrol lo com­ bat crime in the apartment complex heard him scream. Hushing to his apartment, they found him stabbed to death and with his pockets turned out. 
Tile young woman had made her es­ cape before they arrived. 
• Joyce Garlene Luciano, 41. was one of seventeen persons arrested in a roundup of loan sharks 
• Sharyn Williams. 24. a mother of two children, and Ethel McC'ree, IT. were arrested for assault and robbery. 
Police said they were members of a gang composed of five women in their late teens and early twenties that is alleged to have beaten and robbed 
25 aged persons over a period of about four months. Two of the victims died. 
The gang s method of operation was tt follow its victim s home from supermarkets or banks where they had cashed Social Security checks and at­ tack them on elevators or as they walked into their apartments. 
• Three teenage girls were arrested for robbing a middle-aged man in his apartment. Squares and X's had been cut in the victim’s back and buttocks with a razor blade. 
• Two teenage girls were arrested for trying to extort S12U from a 
44-year-old man on threat of falsely reporting that he had raped one of them. 
• Dr. Stella Epstein celebrated her 
St it Ii birthday in the hospital, 

• where she lay with a broken hip suf­ fered when she was attacked til Central 
Park by a gang of nine tlurteen-year- old girls. 
• Diane McCloud, Pl, was arrested for the stabbing death of Deborah 
Brooks, also 19, a rival for a boy­ friend’s affections. 
• Delores Smith, 23. was arrested, along with a male companion, for the street robbery-murder in broad day­ light of burgiur-alarm salesman M i­ chael tetra. 47. 

• 
Sandra Jo y Hot Ii, J I . of Park 
Avenue, along with five male runners who phoned iii bets to her. was ar- rested us the queen pin el a 
S58-million-a-year gambling ring that specialized in booking bets on spurting events 
• 
Hattie General. 27, and Pamela 
Taylor, 19. both mothers, were charged with arson after allegedly setting fire to a house after an argu­ ment with the occupant 
• 
Goldie Odum, 48, critically wounded her 75-year-old husband dur­ ing an argument by shooting him iii the stomach at close range with a 

12-gauge shotgun 
The first thing these incidents had in common was that they all occurred iii 
New York City. The second was that all involved crimes committed by women. 
The third was that all eleven crimes are types traditionally classed as 
“ male” crimes. And the fourth thing they had in common was that all oc­ curred during the single month of May 
1975 
Actually the New York City police arrested several hundred women dur­ ing that month, but most of the arrests were either for traditional “ female" crimes, such as shoplifting, bad-check 

SARA JANE MOORE 

 passing, and prostitution, or for minor offenses such as disturbing the peace and drug possession. The above eleven were culled from the total number of crimes committed by women during 
May 1973 because they were "m ale" crimes. 
Although that particular month was chosen at random, it is representative of the changing pattern of female cri­ minality in recent years. It was neither a particularly bad month nor a parti­ cularly good one for female crime, but more or less run-of-the-mill. 
It is proper to question, however, whether New York City, with its huge population, its ghettos and its enormous drug problem, is a reliable measure of what is happening iii other parts of the United States, or in oilier parts of the world. So let us take a look at a totally dissimilar community clear 
ARGENTINA 

Continued from Page .ill 

 the kidnappings and strafings now are against the pollee and military." 
Another Porteno, as Buenos Aires residents call themselves, doesn't agree completely He feels many of the 
Montoneros have gone underground to await new leaders to replace those killed or captured. 
The life of the average Argentine is affected only indirectly by the acti­ vities of the terrorists and the an- tisubvorsive campaign. 

"VV hat .you read about iii the Ameri­ can papers are things the average Ar­ gentine doesn’t see,” remarked one 
Porteno. “ Buenos Aires is one of the safest cities in the world. I think I wouldn't like to walk around New York 
City near Central Park after dark. I wouldn't walk around stockholm after dark. Some people won't go on a sub­ way train after 7 o’clock at night 
“ But I can feel sufe iii Buenos Aires 
Even if I go to the bars. I don’t have to worry. The only things we notice are the check|>olilts. We are stopped by tin* police or the army. Our documents are checked, and sometimes we are searched. But this is a nuisance, not a loss of rights, and due to these check­ points. we have been able to eliminate most of the guerrillas " tine young Argentine expressed con­ cern for persons who have been ar­ ts*-ted and released, only to disappear 
There are several }H>-xihiitities, ac­ cording to another resident, including elimination by fellow subversives The 
Monuments, lie said, are somewhat 

 like the Mafia No one quits, 
“ No one will admit to it, but there is a paramilitary group still operating in 
Argentina," he added 
"This is a group of young military officers formed during Pcron’s re­ gime. The group is antisubversive and anti-Marxist, It was formed because the government wouldn't do anything about the terrorists 

Once something like this is started. it cun lie difficult to stop. 
Would the average Argentine like to see free elections in the near future? 
The Argentines I talked to were unan­ imous in their answers. No! 
’ The biggest mistake the armed forces could do would be to hold elec­ tions and let politicians back in power,” one said. "Elections would be a grave mistake until the country is economically and morally stable." 
"T h is is a tricky business," ex­ plained another "T he government must tighten the reins to eliminate the extremists and get the country run­ ning. The extremists are not a isditical party. They are only anti They only want to upset things, lf we can eli­ minate them, then we have our most critical situation 
"When do vou change from a mili­ tary to a civilian government? Aux type of government can become too entrenched How, once you have the power, do you give it back'*" Twcu* tv-live million Argentines undoubtedly would like to have the answer lo that tate 

 across the country from New 5 (irk Ci­ ty. 
The city of Oxnard, on the California coast about sixty miles north of Los 
Angeles, has a population of 87,ooo. In this relatively quiet suburban com­ munity both the general crime rate per thousand of population and the female crime rate are considerably lower than those of New York City. During the month of May 1975 only a few women were arrested for crimes other than shoplifting, bad-check passing, prosti­ tution, and narcotics offenses. Bul four arrests were definitely "m a le " crimes. 
Tou^h 

• 
Two women were arrested for kidnapping. 
• A woman and two male compan­ ions forced their way into the home of a 
75-year-old woman, robbed her, and ransacked the house. 
• A man-and-woman team held up the cashier of a movie theater. 
• A woman was arrested as a fence for stolen property. 
In all fairness it must be admitted that this was not an average month for 
Oxnard. With so much less crime than 
New York City, the month-to-month fluctuation there is greater than in the larger community. A more represen­ tative month was December 1975, when there were only half as many “ male" crimes committed by women as in 
May. 
• Deciders) Rubalcaba, 71, let a woman who said sh** had auto trouble into his home to make a phone call 
The woman in turn admitted two men, one of whom beld the victim at knife­ point while she and the other man took 
Kubalcaba’s wallet and ransacked his house. A few days later Augustine 
Tridado, HH, told police that a woman came to the door of his home to ask for a drink of water. Spotting two men hiding alongside the door, he slammed and locked it. but they broke it open and held knives to his ribs while the woman ransacked the house. On De­ cember 13 police arrested Manuela 
"Nellie” Hinjosa, 19, the mother of an infant, and two male companions for those two crimes and a dozen similar previous robberies. 
• A tavern owner awakened in the middle of the night to find three wo­ men in his bedroom, going through his dresser drawers They fled when chal­ lenged, but shortly afterward police stopped a car in the area containing five women, three of whom the victim later identified as the burglars. Lynn 
Barnett. 25, Retia Gayle Stewart, 23, and Betty Banks, 34, were booked on burglary and conspiracy charges. 
Lynn Burnett and one of the other wo­ men in the car. Judy Taylor, 27, al­ ready faced robbery charges, pre­ viously filed, for the alleged robbery of a businessman of $3,155. 
Thorp’s more 
Here are a few other incidents, cho­ sen at random, which occurred iii var­ ious parts of the country iii recent years: 
• 
In Detroit a 31-year-old female street mugger bashed a 62-year-old man with a length of metal pipe and escaped with his wallet. 
• 
I ii Buffalo a 26-year-old woman killed her lover and his two small sons, then barricaded herself iii and shot it out with twenty policemen for three hours. Finally, instead of giving up. she killed herself. 
• 
Three prominent men were victims of female assailants who were strangers to them in separate incidents in Manhattan. Franz Josef Strauss, former defense minister of West Ger­ many, was mugged by three women on 
Fifth Avenue. Pasquule Bottero, an 
Italian glass m anufacturer, was stabbed to death on the street by a female robber. Charles Addums, the noted cartoonist had acid thrown on the back of his neck by two prostitutes who became angry when he ignored them. 
• A teenage girl told the desk clerk of a New Orleans motel (if he didn’t empty the cash register), " I am going to spill your guts." When he refuted, she stepped behind the counter and stabbed him. As she was taking the money, three motel guests separately approached the desk, where the bleed­ ing clerk lay out of sight on the floor behind the counter The female robber calmly made change for the first, gave the second bis room key, and checked out the third. Then she strolled out with the stolen money. 
Skyrocketing 

During the decade from 19HU to 197U, arrests of men for major crimes rose 
25 7 per cent. Arrests of women rose 
74 4 per cent. or nearly three times the rate of increase for men during the same period 
For a number of reasons the sharp growth of female crime attracted little attention For one thing, men were still committing the vast m ajority of crimes, so tiiat the numerical growth of men s crimes still was greater than the num erical growth of women’s crimes 
In actual numlterx major crimes of women grew from 187,o73 in I96o to 
675J12 in 197o, for an increase of on Iv approximately 2KH ooh crimes, spread through all fifty slates with a total population of more than 2oo million. 
For another thing the radical move­ 

 ment of the 19HM's and the increasing violence of the civil-rights movement directed popular attention away from this relatively minor matter. For a third, the general public tends not to become aware of profound social change until ii is so well underway that it can no longer go unnoticed. 
In indication of the size of the prob­ lem. by the end of 1974 major crimes by males had increased over t lit- I MHD rate by 111 7 percent, major crimes by females had inc reased by 33o,3 per cent. The rate of increase by male's under 18 was 118 per cent, by females under IS it was 383.2 per cent. 
As yet men still commit most of the crimes, even though the gap is steadily closing. Male arrests outnumbered female arrests by five* to one in 1974, and only one out of ten arrested for violent crimes was a woman. But the' increase in male arrests over 1973 was only 2 per cent, whereas it was 9 per cent for women The increase in vio­ lent crimes by women over 1973 was 13 per cent. 

President or the attempted assassina­ tions of the other two, and there is some doubt that sin' was even guilty of conspiracy The main ev idence al her trial was merely that the c onspirators had hatched the plot at her boarding­ house 

Rising pattern 
Obviously if the same pattern con­ tinues, we will soon reach a point when crimes committed by women equal or even exceed the number committed bv men. 
Up until September 1975, female po­ litical assassins were unknown in the 
United States. 
A woman had been among the four hanged for conspiracy in the assassination plot against Abraham 
Lincoln. Vice President Andrew John­ son, and Secretary of State William 
Seward, but Mary Surratt had taken no part in the actual assassination of the 
LYNETTE FROMME 

Then in September 1975, within two wc'eks of each oilier, Lynette Alice 
(Squeaky) Ffomc, 2H, and Sara Jane 
Moore, 43. attempted to assassinate 
President Gerald Ford. Women had filially graduated even to the' uniquely male crime of political assassination 
Over the' ages a few poets, Philo sophers, and social commentators have dropped occasional hints that women at e not necessarily as gent le­ ntil ured .is myth would have us be­ lieve 
W ildest’ 

F.eelesiasticus 25:19 says, " A ll wickedness is but little to the wicked­ ness of a woman " Around 8(111 B.C. the ancient Greek poet Homer said, 
"There is no fouler friend than ti wo­ man when lier mind is bent to evil " 
Five hundred years later Menander, a 
Greek writer of comedies, said, "Of all the wild beasts on land or sea, the wildest is woman.” About fit) B.C. the 
Homan writer Puhlilius Syrus said. 
“ In evil counsel women always beat men." 
Napoleon Bonaparte told an inter­ viewer on the island of St 
Helena, where lie was exiled, in 1817, "Women when they arc bad, are worse than men, and more ready to commit crimes." And, of course, there is the best known quote of all on the subject, bv Rudyard Kipling, “ The female of the species is more deadly than the male." 

MOM l ) . i ) 
IM 
I IH: 
E A . m i SS: " M a l r " c r i m e s b y 

 m u l l e n o f t h e p a s t c o lo r us 
And Win FREE TICKETS TO 
• • • 

EXPRESS*NEWS NIGHT 

 at the famous 

I vary young, tar wha aular» aor ating (anta** and tandt in a itampa*. taW addmiMd anvalapa wit racaiva aaa baa ttcfcat Hanatad at any oat farmaaeal 
Sat., Feb. 19, SOUTH PARK MAU 

GRAND PRIZE WINNER will receive box seat tickets for entrant and family to the Express-Mews Night, 
Sat., Fob. 19, and will ride on the lead elephant in the 
Grand Entry Parade! 

S 
CONTEST RULIS: 

I. lo <M *N ll old j 
IM)S(OUPON wltM YoU. t,NISHIO INKY. and uadet 
. w|Ai| 
7. Entries mud ba rnctivtd of th* Eiprtw* j rmp" 
Naan ottua, Ava f on<) Third St , by noon, , 

Tuatdoy, Fob. IS. j 
3 inturn wilt Im fudged on nootnaw ond 
\ ADMtSS 
_ __ 
OI mutably 
I 
“ CITY 
__________ 
.__ 
Wad In Inn » to: fiprokt-Mowt Grew* Contort, 
P.O. Bo. JI71, 
Son Antonio, 
78297 

I 
I TIII PHONE NUMBfK 
I 

Circus Vargas, p e r f o r m i n g under the world’s largest traveling big top, will be at 
South Park Mall, Feb. 18 - 27 for 12 performances 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 
IRS scam: R ipping o ff Uncle Sam 

WASHINGTON* - 
In Detroit the Inter­ nal Revenue Service lost at least $25o,ooo to a band of 3o con artists. 
In Pasadena a high- living former IR S officer cheated his old agency for $656,34o 
In Leavenworth. Kans.. 
IR S returns were frau­ dulently manipulated for only $7o,o(1o, hut then the con man committing the swindle was behind bars at the Federal Peniten­ tiary there 
Computers 

In these cases and thousands more, sophis­ ticated thieves have found ways to manipulate the computerized method by which tax refunds are made, and thus outwit­ ting the tax collector have swindled large amounts of money from tin' government. 
The cases have been compiled in a report be­ ing drafted by I he Senate 

I t 's ti g a int* o f ch a n ce — n it Ii b ig 

 fltl v a f fs 

Com m ittee on C.ovem 
?nent Operations headed by Sen Abraham A lh- bicoff. D-Conn 
R ib ico ff said such cases demonstrate that crooks are “ conning the 
Treason out of millions 

By----------------------------- 

R IC H A R D D. LYON S 
NEW y o r k t im e s s e r v ic e 

 of dollars of taxes legiti­ mately paid by American taxpayers.” 
Other federal officials fam iliar with the refund scheme said it is wides­ pread and expanding and that different versions of the ploy extend to federal paym ents for w elfare, d isab ility, unem ploy­ ment and educational benefits 
“ The cause is sloppy com puter work by the agencies dispensing the funds,” said Philip Van 
Dam. the federal attor­ ney for eastern M ic h i­ gan. who prosecuted the 
Detroit case 
IR S officials said the exact extent of the refund schem es is not fully known 
‘Imperfect’ 
Rudy Arena head of an 
IR S group m onitoring such frauds, said the service successfully de­ tected I .THU false refund returns am ounting to over $4 million iii illegi­ timate claims las) year 
Ile added that most of 
I hose schemes were be­ ing thwarted by in ­ c r e a s e d vig ilance and new auditing methods 
Other IRS officials are less sure As one put it. 
“ I t s an im perfect system 
Included iii the report oy R ib ico ff's subcom ­ m ittee are statem ents from others knowledgea­ ble about t tie I RS prob 

WIN 2 
TICKETS 
TO SEE 

FUsh Cadillac & 
The Continental Kids 
FROM THE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

We're giving aw ay 2o tickets to see the fabulous Flash Cadillac and The Continental Kids in concert on Feb. 23 at the Con­ vention Center Banquet Hall! 
Send in your entry coupon today and become eligible to win two tickets! 

DEADLINE: 
Entry coupons must be at the Express-News by 4 p.m. Friday, February 18. 

WINNERS WILL BE 
ANNOUNCED SUNDAY, 
FEBRUARY 2o IN THE 
EXPRESS-NEWS! 

I Mail to: j FLASH CADILLAC 
I EXPRESS AND NEWS jP.O. BOX 2171 
! SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 78297 

I NAME 
__ 

ADORESS____________ 
I c m 
_____________________ _ 

! STATE______________ ZIP 
Inurn_____ 

 lcm that the false return swindle is increasing rather the than being solved. 
Robert M cM illan , an 
IRS intelligence division supervisor in Kansas P i­ ty. composed an exten­ sive memo last year de tailin g I bo swindle ai 
Leavenworth 
ATI br citing other cases 

 elsewhere, which IR S of- fieals said are still under investigation, so in fo r­ mation about them could not be divulged. 
M cM illan added, “ The scheme appears to be spreading outside of prison walls ” 
W 2 s 
I lie basic outline of the scheme is the same The 

 sw indler first obtains blank IR S forms, com ­ monly known as VV-2’s. and readily availab le. that are intended to be filled out fly employers 
The forms, which are wage and fax statements for specific years, detail the total amounts paid to an em ploye and the amount and ty pe of in­ 

 come taxes that have been wthheld by the em­ ployer 

The sw indler then enters a name, som e­ times his own. a Social 
Security number that may be real, an employ er real or fictitio us, and spurious amounts for both tin w ag es paid dur- 

Ihie ex-1 RS a g en t bilked Uncle 
Stun out o f $ 3 6 5 ,3 4 o 

 mg the year and the taxes deductions for standard vv ithheld 

He then constructs a totally fictitious tax re­ turn entering all the abov e inform al ion p lu s 

 items such as depen­ dents, charities, medical expenses, and mortagage interest 

The result is that the 

“ taxpayer” calculates that the IR S owes him a refund. Some swindlers rely on volum e, filing scores of returns for re­ latively minor sums of a few hundred dollars each. Other con artists will file only a few frau­ dulent returns, but ask for tens of thousands of dollars for each refund claimed. 

 mm®!!® 

Solid oak and ash and oak veneers 

A nostalgic collection. Unique accent pieces that mix with any style, fit into any decor. Turn of century styling coupled with warm, golden oak hues make this Keepsakes collection by Pulaski reminiscent of the past yet with an eye to the present and future. Functional designs from the past have been recreated for contemporary living with the handwork, care and attention to detail you associate with an earlier era. Highlighting the collection is solid oak and ash with oak veneers, hand screened mirrors, polished brass hardware, real lead­ ed glass, beveled glass, bowed drawer fronts, genuine porcelain knobs and adjustable chevet mirrors. Come see real Keepsakes at Karotkin’s . . . af­ fordable priced. 

. . .nostalgic memories renovated in furniture 

Save ‘2o.o7! 
PIANO STOOL 

Lillian Russell would have been at home with this stool that dou­ bles as a vanity bench. 
Reg. $119.95 
7 
7 

 w 
M m a ii 

.if ii’ 
1.1.- U X I E 
J ! 

-I 

Save ‘5o.o7! 
SHAVING STAND 

Brought back from the pages of history. 
Lends a touch of nostaligic charm to the bathroom or foyer. 
$ o o 8 8 
Reg. $149.95 
7 7 

Save ‘1oo.o7! 
ICE BOX 

Keepsakes made sure your ice­ box will be enjoyable. Leaded glass door. 
44x19x4o” . 
$ o " 7 o 8 8 
Reg. $379.95 
Z / 
Z nm 

 r 
Save ‘4o.o7! 
GOSSIP BENCH 

Pause for the note-taking and phone jottings. 
Measure 
37x- 
19x28” . Pad included. 
M 2 9 88 

Save *6o.o7! 
ROLL TOP DESK 

Lends special charm to that special room in your home. 
You'll love its petiteness of size* r \ / A O A 
Reg $329 95 
7 
o 
/ 

Save *4o.o7! 
HALL TREE 

Unsurpassed for its versatility. 
Cradles umbrellas, too. 28 x 
12*8o". 
$ 1 - 7 o 8 8 

Reg $219 95 \ f 
W 

Save *2o.o7! 
PLANTER STAND 

Flora and form nature's gift of wood and plants are timeless. 
Liven up a dull 
+ 
, ^ 
____ corned 
$ 
S 8 
Reg $89 95 
U 
Z 

Save ‘3o.o7! 
WRITING DESK 

Looks great in bedroom or hallway. Solid oak construction. 
Chair optional. 
$ 1 o o 
8 8 
Reg. $159.95 
I 1 7 

O ar O w n Convenient Credit 

 plus M atter Charge * and 
Bonk Amur tear d* arotkins 

Sr<M*wef 
Hoi h«e*«r 
124 MOI 
Oh* IO 4 Mo.. ffkytA ft! 
OjHNt IOO Iv** **4. Val 

o*wntew)> fcf M Off 
111 I UawMtt* 
V Ma* feawoM* I 
12/AMI 
• 
I WlMratt $14 AIU 

O f** IO i e « * (few V*» 
Of* I. IO I Mon 
I hun In lh** Nil* ie 9 Mi 
Of** IO I IM I • • * Vat 

Ma* Hi liar 
Va* M n A ( m r 41o 
$42 I IH 
Of** 19 o Mw* Ham. In 
Of** l f o tv#* t« * Val 

Delivery and vet up at no extra charge within deli very area. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1 9 7 7 ie 
I-J 

 m m I * J » J 1 1 m m 

O N I 

* » 

% 

X 
. • 
"i 
: a 
A r 
•• *>*•"* 
' * \ ’ 
•V . 
-,v * 
•*" 
'v ;V' ' * 

( 

 i 
^ 

M f 

3 # 

 v 
A m 
* . ' 

I 
■ A'V. V-. < r 

1 
)* I M v'Vv -'i 
■&• SUA 
?•# 

. ’N*! 
^ r l r 
$$■. * 

»•; *t * > '*•:?*•& & * & ' A J 
'J >*>; Jfj&h* .w! jfwlgSP? rf: 
*#>> rf-■’-•• -iVi 
' *’» y * l ■ 
,;: 
■ ■ * k •' 

' 'A ^ . - . 
- 

'! 
■ 
■: 
",■ 

 im 

 it 

 rn 

 rn A 

 f e w rn 

$287, 
66% worth 
Savinas to 

• • • or 7 BIG HOURS only! 

This overstock must be sold! 

O ur recent inventory showed us a surplus of merchandise on hand . . . and our re ­ cent purchases at the markets m ake it absolutely necessary that we clear out at least $ 2 8 7 ,o o o worth of furniture and appliances RIGHT N O W . Com e on in today and see how low prices can be on g o o d , brand nome furniture, quality a p pliances. fine bedding and much more! N o “ cracker boxes" here . . . no come ons, no false values! Lack s Coliseum is here to serve you . . . and will be here, from now on, serving our San Antonio customers with lyjj service, delivery, credit, and helpful salespeople. All this, and item -for-item , the best prices in all South 
Texas! Come in today and “ d ea n u p " on values as w e “ clean o u t" our floor space! here are a few exam ples. . . 

Masland 
Carpet 

Sculptured 
H ilo 
N ylon from fam ­ 

 ous 
M asland. 
8 large rolls, all a different color. 

Save a “ m ile" of money! 

Reg. $ 8 .9 5 

Sealy Bedding 
Twin Size 

Famous Sealy Twin Size mat­ 

 tress or box spring. Smooth 

 top, heavy cotton cover, each 

 piece; 

^ 
QuMnU4 oo M .p i 

S iz e ta Wl* °"*¥* e r a 
* m9 U t S U M • • p* 
> 5 V 
|n Ut* Only 

Under the window 
Bookcases 

Five only, that we just discovered! A shelf unit that you can use for books or stereo. 
Has center sliding tray. Reg. $ 3 9 .9 5 

 i l l 

 r w 

Luxury Dinette 

1 8 8 

I o n ly 
M o d e lo te ll t o t 

$ 3 7 o 9 5 
S le d d y t e 
(H a iti with chrome £ hornet, km vinyl 
Pox- ^ quel patterned table top 

Stereo Systems 
99 

Hundreds told at $ 1 3 8 N ow ^ save an extra $ 4 o on this S ) 
Stereo, PM, AM and 8 track player. 

3 
P i e c e 
Living Room 

Only two left, so be early! 
Herculon covered 
Sofa, loveseat and matching chair! 
Brown frames. Don’t miss this! 

Reg. $ 3 5 9 .8 5 

• S o fa 
^ 

. • L o v e s e a t 

• C h a ir 

Credit Available 

 or use Master Charge or BankAmericcrd. 

Delivery Included! 

 l a e t a 
COLISEUM CLEARANCE CENTER 

IAU «oo$TO* 
943 COLISEUM ROAD 

o . 1 . « 
. M 
| i I t • • * W 
M a i l U - r 
225-4o4o 

( I O M I l . i w t . , 1 

4-Pc. Oak 
Bedroom 

Perfect for a small room. In­ cludes chest, 2 night stands, 

 and full/queen headboard. 
Oak finish. Save now! 
$188 

» \ £ v { S t ITT, Z Z / |l! 
I 
\ 
\ > 
—- L I I i t i h w ^ 4Q A ll if 
Reg. *3 5 9 .8 5 f 
Sleeper Sofa 

A toto at thown, that con vert* to a queen Lice bed, by opening out the Loom mat t r .it include* two OM Oman* that match 
(not 
*ho«*n) 
Morven! plaid He«(ulon io h 

Please Hurry . . . all subject to prior sale! 
Bring your pickup if you wish! 

I t s 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
■AUCTION' 

Large {election of hand made Oriental A 
PERSIAN RUGS 

SAT., FEB. 12 at 2:oo P.M. 
HOLIDAY INN N.W. 
Colony Room 
Interstate 1o A Vance Jackson 
SAN ANTONIO 
Victor Bark bordar ion. Auctioneer 
TEX. Lie. # C A G PI 77-o52o 
Expires Dec. 1977 
FREE EXHIBITION STARTS FROM 1:oo PM 
Lecture on Art of Weaving Persian Rugs will be given before the auction. Bring your rugs for free professional appraisal. 
BARKHORDARIAN 
IRANIAN RUG WEAVERS 
•aguior, rmUobk, nohow wtda ouctionmmn o f O r ianfof ffogt 
533 Sutter St., San francisco, Californio 941o2 (415)391-6646 

Round-the-world cyclist peddles down home stretch 

I ’ M i ; ? v* 
Great \n 

WANT ADS! 

By 
VICKIE DAVIDSON 
Attacked by savage dogs in Turkey, stoned' by vagabonds near P a ­ kistan—sounds like the adventure thriller for Sa­ turday night TV, doesn’t it? 
It ’s also part of the real-life story of 
24-year-old Englishman, 
Michael Murphy. 
Other thrillers in his story include being infest ed by lice in Afghanistan and robbed while camp­ ing out in Yugoslavia. 
Murphy was in San 
Antonio Saturday in the finishing stretch of a bi­ cycle trip around the world. 
He’s been on the road one and a half years be­ cause he likes cycling, he explains, and also be­ cause he’s promoting the 

World Wildlife Fund. 
The fund, headquar­ tered in Washington, 
D C. and associated with the United Nations, is aimed at preserving wildlife. 
“ They (wild animals) may seem insignificant to us, but they have a right to. live on this Earth, too,” says Murphy. “ They’re the things that make this world beautiful, in my opinion.” 
He’s had the chance to see plenty of wildlife — even a Texas armadillo on his trip. 
The black-haired mus­ cular young man has ridden his 
1o-speed through 17 countries in­ cluding Thailand, India and Australia. 
He’s learned some fine points about survival during his ride — besides dealing with dogs and 

 rocks. In Australia, he wore a Chinese hat to protect him from the 
115-degree heat. 
He also learned to cross flooded rivers — by blowing up an air mat­ tress and loading it with his bicycle and himself. 
People help 
In addition, he learned about people. 
“ No matter where you go people will help you out — there are nice peo­ ple everywhere,” he says . with a heavy British accent. 
“ The money I ’ve spent on the trip would have been doubled without their help.” 
> 
That help, he says, will be one of the main points of the book he plans to write about his adven­ tures. The book will also focus on wildlive, geo­ 

 graphy and M urphy’s adventures . 
Murphy will wind up his 2o.ooo mile bicycle 

 trip this April when he goes back to his home 
Stevenage, 3o miles north of London. 

R eading expert m eet speaker 

Dr. John Manning, reading authority, will address the luncheon meeting of the Alamo 
Area Assn. for Super­ vision and Curriculum 
Development at 11:3o a m. Feb. 15. 
The meeting will be in the Refectory of Trinity 
University. 

Dr. Manning is profes­ sor of reading instruction at the U niversity of 
Minnesota. His topic will be “ Disciplined Minds, 
Thoughtful Hearts and 
Effective 
Reading 
Programs.” 
Reservations may be made by telephoning 
Esther 
Bernal at 
225-497o. 

Class plans blood drive 

The Health Occupa­ tions Cooperative Educa­ tion class at Jefferson 
High School will sponsor a blood drive from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Feb. 22 and 23. 

The drive, in coopera­ tion with the South Texas 
Regional Blood Bank, will be held in the stu­ dent union building. 
M ICH AEL M U R P H Y 

W itc h w a y to w a te r 

SAN ANSELMO. Calif. 
(A P) — John Snider says he believes some old-fa­ shioned water witching will help ease the critical drought plaguing North­ ern California. 
For $5o, with no money back guarantee, Snider is offering to witch a well for residents of Marin 
County, across the Gol­ den Gate from San Fran­ cisco. 
Marin County has or­ dered water rationing aimed at reducing by 57 per cent the amount be­ ing consumed from reservoirs threatened with drying up complete­ ly this year. 
“ I used to do wanter witching quite often, but 
I hadn’t done it for quite a few years,’’ said 
Snider, 56. 
Working with a forked, live willow branch in his hands. Snider brags of never missing in various searches for water,. 

O D D S C 

C A M I v a iu c 

 i> <r-' 

H A R T *s ... J i 

N U M Bf F* OF p riz e s 

 m u a ry 16. 1977 

OOO* FOF* OME 
GAME P it CE 

I r> 98 49o 

OOO* F O lf I J 
G a u l PIE C ES 

» .r / 5 re> 

P r o g r t m 

OOOS FO * 2b 
( J a WM PKC .ES 

’ ■« 1 
; r ~ t«oo 
<*. 
I .n 9* 49o 
I .ft 7 5 7b 

I tat 
I in 49 SOI 
♦ -n I ROB 

I w - 
M i 
• n ?4 88 t 
» .n I 899 
. 
. 
1 in 949 

1 
76N 
I n ’? 159 
I .ft 9V 
» in 4fS 

; 
S*' 
4 389 
I n ? 194 f >ft tF.9 
* :--V 
. j 

I? b 74? 
I 
I 4o? 
I in $ ne 
_i ft sa 
I 

S ’ 

 t o t a l 

 f to A* ~ • 

WM, f** 
• 

?•> m 

J ' IV , 

» n V S 

1 
9 J . w q? , A.* 

 ll* MN *. 
" , ,. t 

I >n ?q 
^ 

* toto • , to 
■) lid 

■ 1 
♦* * ... 

5-to U n. j . 1 
!9 ' ’ b .* I-I •VIV 
, 
.AAI to ,r im 

, V 
J • ll 

$19o,727 

Heavy Aged Beef 
Chuck 
Boneless Roast 

3-Lbs. or More 
Fresh 
Ground Beef 

(ach of these advertised item s is required to b e l readily available for sale at or below the adver I ttsed price in each store, eicept as specifically! noted in this ad " j 
Arrowi 
Carol Ann 
Pinto Beans 
Salad Dressing 

Lb. 
2-Lb. 
Bag39c 
Qt. 
Jar49° 
BEEF SPECIALS 
SPECIAL TREATS 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

Heavy Aged Beef, Boneless, Rump or 
Bottom Round Roast si 79 

Lean Boneless 
Stewing Beef 
$j19 
Gladiola 
Cornbread Mix 
6 -®1 
Pouches 
■ 

Austex 
Beef Stew 
^ 5 9 c 
Heavy Aged Beef. Eye Of 
Round Roast 
S£29 
Tender 
Cube Steak 
$169 
Betty Crocker, All Layer Varieties 
Cake Mix 
’^ 5 S C 

All Flavors bo, 59° 
Heavy Aged Beef, Bottom Round 
Beef Steak 
I S179 

Red Hot 
Smoked Link Sausage lb 

OO 
CDo 

Hamburger Helper 

Heavy Aged Beef, tenderized 
Bottom Round Steak 
Heavy Aged Beef, 
Shoulder Arm Cut 

I O farmer tones 
*1 * Sliced Bologna 
L b . 
12 oz 
P*R. 89' 

Farmer Jones 
Swiss 
Steak 
Lb. 
$ 1 o 8 Tasty a 
Franks 
12-o2. 
Pkg.59c 

Kounty Kist, Whole Kernel 
Golden Corn 

Golden Best 
Green 
Beans 

4 

A , | 
Golden Best 
1 cans . Tomatoes 

Kounty Kist, Sweet 
5 
S^i Green 
■ssI Peas 

3 'SS *1 

Cans 

START YOUR SET OF JOHANN HAVILAND CHINA TODAY! 

Extra Fancy Red Delicious 
Apples 
39c 
Jct fflLgy 

Baken 
Russet Potatoes 
Calif or me 
Sunkist Lemons 
Washington 
D’Anjou Pears 

East Texas, Sugary 
Sweet 
Yams 

IS. 

L D 

IS. 

25° 
45c 
39c 
15c 

Frozen Foods 

Frozen 
Potatoes 

All Varieties, Frozen 
Patio 
Dinners 

2 - lb . 
Bag 

13-o2. 
Pkg. 
39c 
49c 

Fresh Dairy 

Frtsh 
Bordens 
Margarine 
Piggly Wiggly 
Butter­ milk 

M b . 
Pkg. 

Vi-Oai. 
Ctn. 
39c 
69c 

 r Health & Beauty Aids ^ 

Gillette, Shaving Cartridges 
Trac ll 
5 c. 61o9 
Pkg, 
I 

Super Stainless 
Gillette Blades pcg79° 

Cutdi, Regular, Lemon or Herbal 
Polish Remover 
<u.dQC 
Btl. 
V 

Colgate 
Dental Cream s. 89°J 

 sun 
Your 
8et 
Today 

Save 
Over 
4o% 

W a a f t IH M * I* a J >a*f jm IM JI m U V J . * »Ab * o « l , A t »#u J * * Ch Jim JA * 
*•#<• to fo u l to n .n j l i b ' . o ».< IM * c u 'm n g w e a k , mw anti t>« • M a fia * b a ju titu l • « * 
( • n u n * (O M A N N M J V H AMO BA VA A 
C U "' n j « 
IA b i l k 
IAI bl 
ANV Alto* M A C H A IN CHINA 
A * M f * M U A * t p « c < jl JC I J n g J rn* A U to* ,o u ta JC D U K J IA I, Im # I ut up# JA C h tA J 
JA AA a jc lu k fv * I j y j w j y p ljn B it i ail! fit yaw* w tv k ly budget 
You'll Want AH 181 
Mecan Cook Book 
Collection 

On Sale 
This Week 

Each Book only 99* 

Book 3 
Practically 
Cookless 

Lone Star or Falstaff 
BEER 
$129 
6 Pack 
No 
Return 
Bottles 

Property of Food Mart Bakery, Int. 

Moist Dog Food 
Top Choice 

Dry Blench 
Clorox 2 

Arm & Hammer, Powdered 
Detergent 

Hi-Dri 
Paper 
Towels 

72 oz 
Pkg 

24 oz. 

B o a 

7o-oz, 

B o a 

$o29 

59c 
99c 

2 A Q S c O v 

 lA a H lM I RICARD 

Six Flags figu re in S. A. 

PROFESSOR CYRUS C O S M O , the eccentric inventor from Six 
Flags 
Over Texas, will be at Central Park Mall Tuesday through 
Saturday from I -8 p.m. He will be drawing names of registrants for free Six Flags tickets. Cyrus performs daily at Six Flags over Texas in Arlington when the park is open. 
Draft evasion pardons pend 

U.S. Atty. John Clark has filed motions for dis­ missal in all pending draft dodger cases in the 
Western District of Texas including five in the San 
Antonio division. 
Clark said the motions had been filed in accor­ dance v\ it Ii President 
Carter’s Jan. 21 execu­ tive order which par­ doned Vietnam-era draft dodgers who did not commit acts of violence. 
San Antonio cases in­ volved 
Bobby Milton 
Harris. Thomas Wayne 
Lash, Michael Patrick 
McGuire. Frank Herman 
Schultz Jr. and Michael 
Vasquez. 
There were also six cases in the El Paso di­ vision and one each in the 
Austin and 
Midland- 
Odessa divisions. 
S em inar oil energy slated 

The University of Tex­ as at San Antonio’s Di­ vision of Continuing 
Education will offer a seminar on Reducing 
Energy Costs Through 
Energy 
Management 
Feb.24 and March 17. 
The workshop, which w ill be in the Institute of 
Texan Cultures, is co­ sponsored by the U.S. 
Department of Com­ merce. 
The seminars are de­ signed for those in the manufacturing, food, food processing and re­ tail service industries who want to improve their energy manage­ ment programs. 
The registration fee of 
SJO includes lunch and materials. Reservations may be made through the continuing education of­ fice. 
3 nom inated fo r academ y 

U.S. Rep Bob Krueger has nominated three Sun 
Antonians to the M er­ chant Marine Academy. 
The nominees are 
James R. Malone. 51o 
Crest way St.. Laura Kus- tush. 1o2 Meadow Bend. and Carlie E. Evans Jr., 
Route IO. 
“ We have used a very thorough process in screening and choosing our nominees.” Krueger 

Local 
Digest 

 said. “ I feel confident that some of our young people w ill soon be representing us in the 
Merchant Marine Aca­ demy.” 
S .A. man "els 
A Al CA post 

Luther K. Summerville of San Antonio has been named chief of the 
Y M C A ’s Mid-America 
Region 
Parent 
Child 
Program. 
As region chief he will lie the link between the local YMCA and the re­ gional and national groups. 

AID board 
O K s b ild a r I 

The Muscular Dys­ trophy Assn.’s Board of 
Directors has authorized a record budget of $42.7 million for 1977, accord­ ing to P.O. Orsburn, president of the South 
Texas Chapter. 
Announcement of the budget was made follow­ ing a board meeting at the association’s national headquarters in New 
York. 
Orsburn said alloca­ tions for all MOA pro­ gram services reached new highs. 
A lajjruder joins 
O L L I board 

A. 
Leonard 
C. 
Magruder. senior vice president of the Frost 
National 
Bank 
Correspondent Banking 
Department, has been named trustee of Our 
Lady of the Lake Univer­ sity. 
Magruder is active in the San Antonio Sym ­ phony Society and is a member of the San An­ tonio Art League and director of the New Age 
School. 

Language unit elects officers 

Jesse P . Dominguez has been elected presi­ dent of the San Antonio 
Area Council of Spanish 
Speaking Program Coor­ dinators for 1977. 
Other officers include 
Lupe D. Ramos, vice president; Ph illip At 
Gallegos, secretary; Ig­ nacio Noguera, parlia­ mentarian, and Robert 
R. Ibarra, publicity dir­ ector. 

K iddie Kastle now tax-exem pt 
The Internal Revenue 
Service has recognized the tax-exempt status of 
Kiddie Kastle, 9o1-3 Can­ ton St., a private school. 
The school has an­ nounced a racially non­ discriminatory policy in admission of students to all activities of the school. 
The ruling was issued under the statement of position announced bv the IR S Ju ly IO, 197o concerning the tax-ex­ empt status of private schools. 
In that statement, the 
IRS concluded it could no longer legally justify re­ cognizing the exempt status to private schools practicing racial discri­ mination. 
The achool announced its racially nondiscrimin­ atory policy by placing an advertisement in the 
San Antonio Express- 
News Sept. 23. 1976. 
(dub to aw ard scholarship 

The Brooks A F B Of­ ficers’ Wives Club will award a $4oo scholarship to a graduating high school senior this spring. 
Only dependents of ac­ tive duty or associate members of the Brooks 
OWC’ are eligible. The selection will be based on scholarship, extracurri­ cular activities, char acier and leadership. 
The 
Bexar 
County 
Scholarship 
Clearing 
House will handle appli cations and final selec­ tion of the winner. 
Eligible students may apply by writing Roger J. 
Billow, counselor of the 
Bexar County Scholar­ ship Clearing House. 2o1 
N. St. Mary’s St., Room 
IOO, San Antonio. Tex. 
782o5. 

LAMP CLEARANCE 

RED TAG SALE! 
A tremendous assortment of attractive table lamps and swag lamps. Hurry, at these prices, they won t last long! 
I; 

* I H i Ha S \ 
Vt- 

•IPI 

 reg. 8.97 

 under cabinet light 

All-metal construction 
Pre drilled tor easy mounting 48-m length 

 reg. 14.88 

48-in. shop light 

Lighted arith 2- 4o aratt florescent bulbs Com ptete with hanging chains and bulbs White enameled shade for maximum reflection 

 reg. 3.99 

 light dimmer 

Installs in minutes Save* electricity Solid state—controls up to 6oo arati* 

GLOBE 

Open Monday thru Saturday 9 A.M. to IO P.M. 

Two hearts together— that's what Valentine's Day is all about at The Diamond Store. 

 a. I Diamond teen ring, IO karat gold, $6o b. I Diamond pendant, 14 karat gold, $35 

 t B M 11 

# 4oo t HOU SI OM e IH I how I on 

Open a /ales account or use one of five national credit plans 

• wmdUM rate 
■pp 
I I P t f P # NOttM HAI MAU 
* HMIN PUHA 
. u mu atma The Diamond Store • « « « “ « " 

NHI Im rnttS twiWu 

I M 
Hr Uh 6*ead opaa«« at mm U rn *** 
Meta ie bhdwa I 
1lipp*Ri| Ha— . tw nW i, la. 

K eliree ^rou p* o ffer tax aid 
The combined local chapters of the American 
Assn. of Retired Persons and the National Retired 
Teacher’s Assn are of­ fering 
T A X -A ID E, a public service for retired people. 
Volunteers who have been trained by the In­ ternal Revenue Service will serve as counselors for retirees needing help in completing their in­ come tax forma. 
The counselors will be at 1215 Fair Ave. from 9 a in, until 3 p.m. each 
Friday from Feb. 18 until 
March 25. 
They will bi* al Alamo 
Savings, 9o3 N E 11141o. from I 3o to 4 p m each 
Monday from Feb. 14 through March 28 
The counselors will be­ at three other locations int Mondays from Feb 14 through March 28 These are 3U7 Marshall St., I to 
4 p m ; 9o6 W, liuisachc 
Ave , I lo 4 pin , and 
Wonderland Town Hall, 
124 Wonderland. 9a in to noon and I to 4 p tit. 

88 

 rag. 9.97 

5o It. ext. cord 

(•H a Ila*'Ola 
o*1 B'RRW ana cnamicai* IOMI lo* ail pat dan and oc tool* 

Sylvania Gro-iite 

FiitwfO * Si mtfiHNlif CMO Lu* I19I11 *tw*H»taia» plant 1)1o*o) ana da*aiupmant Taal aa*) natant adr**i”>t'" fire extinguisher 

Ki<tt*« fir* antmguishar 6 BC Co**! Quai (J applot od A mutt for salat y in noma, boat 
QI oftica 

'WOW U rt-rV 'i Oio*as»M*a* int **•»••««;•><* mu* » a *u a 't A if»» Ma <aR»raa ma i)«ni ta luna 
7142 NORTH SAN PEDRo238M,UTARY oRIVE- S.W. 1315SoU™ SANTA ROSA 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Sunday February 6 1 9 7 7 : gig APPLIANCES 

BANKRUPTCY 
AUCTION 

T u M . - r t b . s - n u n 

S o n A n t o n i o 
M i n i - S t o r a g # 
25o Spencer Im. (ut IM It) 
(Aero** txpcesiway from 

Continued 

*5oo DOWN 
1973 COUNTRY 
SQUIRE 
I Vitelts »»•*** 
Mi ■># IU 
M t H ti t #••* 

S H A W M 
SOUTHPORT MOBILE 
HOMES 
29o6 SW EURfary Dr. 
924-4231 

 r« l OUR 
PERMANENT 
BOAT 
SHOW 
OH BROADWAY Annuo! show hod no spot* for 3 dozen NEW Peanut 
Specials such os: 
A: 
COMA worldfamous 
Mon teCorlo deep, SAH 17ft M SO ARD 
12ohp 153 CHEVY OMC deluxe 
SSW/. Yes w/'triler, sofety pkg, TOP 

I; W I also stock 'plain-vanilla' 
COtlA-TW 17ft SSI 7o w 1977 
EVIHRUDE 
IlShp 
S4485, 
85hp 
54355, 7ohp 54o97, 5Shp S38W 
Yes HO GAtV trailer, skis, sofety pkg, ToP etc Some hull w 'CABIN, privacy door/bugscreen etc 5499/ w/85hp 54757 w/7o hp 

C: 1977 GIA5SMASTB 14'/rh walk thru Bounders semidelux w/77 
FVI HR UG ES 
75hp 53697, 
55hp 
$3399, 3Shp 52995 Others com- 
K iefs w/remote controls SI 399 up, ut mini-peanuts (goobers). 
o Meet or boot tVMRJOf deals 

1 Used 5595 55*oo, RANK rates, prepay w OUT penalty. 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PAIK f ill 
SO marine years in S.A. 227 2112 
9 6 p m Thurs Nite 9 p m 

 l 
Closed Sot. 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

New Desk from...............$99 

Hew files from .............. $J* 

New steno chairs from 
. $34 
Yew lies, chairs from . $69.SO 
Also Used furniture 
126 Jon Ann Street or 
IH IO et (ulebra, 736-559o 
All Soles Cosh ond Corry 

GENUINE FRIGIDAIRE 
PARTS A N D ACCESSORIES 

S O L D A T 
STRAUS-FRANK CO 
FRIGIDAIRE PARTS DEPARTMENT 

KIN G TUXEDO 

Pursuant to on order by the 
Hon left 
W. 
Thompson, 
Bankruptcy Judge, Western Oist of Tx., we will oner the assets of 
King Tuxedo, Bankruptcy #SA- 
75 521 BK. To be oHered in bulk, lots or piecemeal. 
A FORMAL W EAR 
INVENTORY 
* FIXTURES A MISC. 
INSPECTION: 8:3o day of sate. 

TERMS: Complete payment day of sale. Checks accepted with proper IO. Please being trucks A trailers. Warehouse needs to be emptied as soon os possible 

TRUSTEE: 
William 
Fenton 
512/227-2319, Son Antonio 

Due to the Natural Gas 
Shortage in the Eastern 
Statesr and as a con­ tribution to Interstate shipm ents, 
C H IS M 
T R A IL A N T IQ U ES, 616 
S. Seguin St. in C on­ verse, Tx., will be tem­ p o ra rily closed. C u s­ tom ers with layaw ays can pick them up Satur­ days and Sundays from 
1-4 pm.________________ 

TRAVEITOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

Ar over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SAUS FOR: 
HOLIDAY 
RAMBLER. 
PROWLER, 
NOMAD, 
VENTURE, 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
NINM4oMES 

96oo IH 35 N. 
653-6711 
Across frow Howard Johnson's 
9 ’HI dark, Moit-Fri. 
9-6 pm. Sort. I -S Sundays 

C L E A R A N C E O F (iv, 19/2 Air stream, 31 ft., 19/6 Coachman, 33 ft. 5th wheel, 1976 Sunflower, 4o 
Ft. park model. Kerrville, Tx Call collect, (513) 367-5o82____________ 
Furnished 12x6o, 3 bedroom, l 'j bath, with extras, 56393 927 S/69 att. 5:3o and wekends._______ 

Specializing in Business and Professional Equipm ent 
Save Tox-Conserve Capital 

26o3 Broadway 

New Used I HOO IH 33N 655 o471 
'73 Lancer, 14x72, 2 leriroom , 2 both, C e n tra l A ir, H ;a t, F u r ­ nished Im m aculale. 532-6365 or 
648 o745 Oft 5 :3o__________ 
Perfect condition tor payroll ond bookkeeping Will sail at very low price. Col! M Fm esilver 
227-5318 Fm esilver M fg Co 
__________BU Camaron._________ 
N E E D U S E D Complete Hydraulic 
B o c k hoe A tta c h m e n t In G ood 
Condition to tit on a IO-1o john 
Otero Com m ercial Type Tractor 
W rite To, B A C K H O E 412 E 
Zavala Crystal City, Texas 71839 or Coll 512 374 3819, daytime___ 
O live tti P6o3 M in i C o m p u te r. 
Id e al for sm a ll b u s in e s s with routes 722 Partridge, 34 1 4422 
One A B. D ick 13o p lo le m a k e r processor. One A B Dick M aster converter One A M model 125o offset 658-38o7 anytime ofter 6pm 
R E CO R D-O -FO N E i Automatic Telephone Answering, 
Recording, call d iverting eapt. 
Competitive prices. Coll Anytim e 
Ralp h's Electronics. 675-2245 
R e stu a ra n t e q u ip m e n t stove with lOtt. calling vent. Stainless steel tables, steam tables, sinks 
Make otter 923 OOI!_____________ 
Soft freezer milk shake m achine by 
Electro freeze. 
695-9373, 
124 5631._________________________ 
Steam Kettles, G R O A N , m odel 
AH 3o and model AH 6o. Self-con­ tained heating units. Stain le ss steal in perfect condition. 1131 
Basse Rd , 733 7167 or 7 34 3o81 

321 W. PEDEN, S A N A N T O N IO , T EX A S 7 8 2 o 4 
223-9576 

IS minutes north on IH IO 3 bedroom 2 or 3 bedroom units with land Included Fenced, trees, covered patio, storage building, carport. 414,ooo to 
421,ooo Up to 15 yeors term s by owner 
B IL L P R IC E , R E A L T Y 
349 26o7 

J. C. HARPER 
AUCTIONEERS — 
5 1 2 / 9 2 6 - 2 1 8 o 
Austin, TxGS-77-o138 

* ■ * Sr+ + + B r * Br ★ ★ * it * 
J 
1974 PROWLER 
J 

I 27 FT. TRAVIt TRAILER * 
J 
* 
,T 
Fully self contained, I owner, 
6 

 j lets of extras, excellent shope 
♦ a NICI Boat Trailer a WTT Accessories a (|(( Remote Controls 
Plus stive Hunched* of Dollars now at 
RA HOOL MARINI 
•76 Mo4 #l Closeout 

 tA M D O l^W A I& H *1* lit -wv. 
Johnson outboards fhon anyone else n the San Antonio area 
RANDOL MARINI is the only 
Johnson outboard Dealer that ii 
AAA rated ta 
Service rn the 
Southwest* 
AAA MRVfCf end rn I in Soma 
You C an't B eet th * Batt! 
So get th#* best deal you coe then shot RANDOL MARINI ond save ors coots, motors and trader* 
W a Bov and Salt O tad 
Boat*. Motor*, Trailar* 
So D on't G am ble 
SHOP RANDOL 
You va Triad the Rast 
Now Try the BIST!!! 

9o8 Trucks & Cammercial 
I rafters-Buses 

■re M A G N O L IA Double. 24 x 54. 3 bedroom. 2 both, central heat-air 
Equity, ossum e 492-9251.________ 
28' mobile, I bdrm, equipped apt, to be moved by 14th 534-1684 

Mobile Home Owner* 
Need a little extra cosh? we buy M O B IL E H O M E 
T IR E S and W H E E L S 
SIO. EAC H 
Bring in or we pickup! 
SU N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 S.W M IL IT A R Y OR. 
_______ 922-o54o_______ 

ESTATE 
. 
SALE 
Sot, Fat. ll, 1o-5 PJL 
Sun, Fab. 13, 1-5 FJA. 
4o1 I. ROSEWOOD 
(at Shook) 
The ti ta Ie of 
Dom L Maxim (detooted) 
Sole wilt include the complete furnishings and bic-A-lroc of hit 4,ooo so. ft. heme 
12 piece German Chippendale dining room. Ruby girns chan defter 
French mole face 
Sterling, crystal, silverware, 2 
Grandfather docks, china, pool room, brass, 
Oriental items, books 
Minor jewelry, quilts, carnival gloss collection, antique whatnots. Wrought iron, electric rocking horse foe grandchildren, den furniture, kitchen wore 
Wesley Reed, agent for the estate, will be in attendance as the property is oho boing li­ quidated 
SAU CONDUCTED IT 
J. KAHN A ASSOC 
5o96 Manta, 342-4422 

Trailers Buses 
$ 4 7 5 o 
J 

J 
GLL 736-1561 
♦ 

J 
OR 736-1564 
A 

A 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
41o N M A IN _____________224-1741 
Unredeem ed 
M usical 
Instrum ents 
..Am erican Loon Co.. 227-1572 
U p right piano and bench, good condition $35o 655-3195_________ 
W urlltiar Spinet Piano 
__________ $385. 344-6542_________ 

\ 
J k g 
W 
F 
P 
A 
Y 
C 
A 
S H 
! 
W 
M 
B ® 
BUY A N Y T H IN G ! 
™ 
* 
■ ■ 
P A Y M O R E I 

Son Antonio's Finest. . . 
P A W N A N D JEW ELRY CO. 

Is Paying. . TOP DOLLAR 
For Diam onds, Jewelry, W atches, C lass Rings, Starling 
Silverware, 
Coins, 
Silver, 
Platinum, 
G un s, 
Cam eras, 
Radios, T V ’s, Stereos, C B s, M u sical Instruments, Tools, 
Saddles, Sporting G o o d s, Typewriters. 
OR WHAT HAVE YOU!! 
WE LOAN MORE ON ANYTHING OF VALUE 
(AH Loans A Purchases Confidential) 
U nbeatable B a rg a in s In 
N e w a nd U sed M e rch a n d ise 
(usa our 9o-Day FME lay-away flan) 
SAVE TIME— a i l US FOR FAST PRoFISSIoNAI SERVICE 
THOMSON S PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 
“ T o u r F rie n d In The P a w n B u s in e s s " 
31o6 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-18o6 

•76 P R O W L E R , 24' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IN 18. 3 M ilos N of Boerne 
RI. 2 Bee 127 
S A 224 2426 
Open Sunday 12 to 5______ 
SH AST A *P R O W L E R 
We Toke Trade-ins 
Complete Service Dept 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH Io ) M i North of Boerno 
R T 2 BO X 127 S A Phone 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 5 P M ________ 
•75 SH A ST A , 18'»' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 M iles N of Boerne 
RI. 2 Box t i? - S A. 224 2426 
._______Open Sundoy 12 to 5 

3o Silver Streak,’73,A1,L e ss than 
3ooo ml,S7995 426-4642 Hondo 

74 M O B IL E H O M E , 12x52, turn., 
2 bedroom, I bath 42ooo equity payment 588. I 772 3175_______ 
FE B . 4, ? 6, M U N . AUO. 
Fri. Sat 12-1o P M , Sun 12 6pm 
4o Dealers, JO out of State 
M any Showing First Time in any 
Texas show Finest collectables, lots of Prim itives, turn., clocks, 
Orientals, etc 
Adm. 51 25, good all 3 days 
T A IL E N O A N T IQ U E S 
Old 78 Records 
H A T T IE 'S A T T IC 
Oval tilt top table (185o) in Colonies North Moll 

N E A R Boorne-IH 1o W 
5ox26, 3 bed room , I kl b a th s 
A ssu m e loan, $217 mo IOO x IOO tat Sale or 
Rent 341 8767___________________ 
68 R e m b ra n d t M ob ile, 12x6o, 
Doubte-insuiated. Ouplex C A L L 
922 5256 or 923 3912______________ 
'71 Sunbeam mobile home, 17x7o 2 bdrm , I bath, partly furnished, 
$49oo, 657 2264, Schertz 
_ 
S U P E R S A Y IN G S 
ON S P E C IA L S 
TH IS W E E K E N D 
O N L Y N EW H O M E S 
56 X14' front kitchen, 2-bedroom, 
Was S9VV5 
NOW 8595 
56 X14 
CK 
2 bedrooms, 
W AS 
. ................................ w, 58695 
64X12' CK 3 bedroom ivy baths 
W AS 49795 
NOW 
57895 
6o X I I CK 2 bedrooms. ! 'i baths 
W AS 59195 
NOW 47595 
+ M A N Y U S E O O N E S 
TO C H O O SE F R O M M 
Beryl s Mobile Home Center 
16513 IH 35 N (Selm a Exit) 
_______ 651 6961________ _ 

A s Is- G reenhouse 1x12 Term s. tree deliver 924-5oo3. 
Roto-ttller, W ards, 3'/i hp, excel lent, 2 yrs old. 681-22o7__________ 
IMarino 
Sale* I S«rrvk« 
I 2 o 7 W H ild e b ra n d 
7 3 2 - 8 2 3 3 
A ir C o m p re sso r on Two Wheel 
T raile r with lights. S 12o W ins 
2oo lb air capacity, starter gener­ ator tor easy electric start 12 volt system. $575 923-3327____________ 
Catepiilar D6-C direct drive with 
26oo hrs. 4S dozer, H O P S canopy w ith lo g g in g sw eep s and re o r screen, engine enclosure, under­ ca rria g e 25% w orn T racto r in excellent condition. $5o,ooo 
Catepiilar 12E m otorgrader (1966 with now 14 oo tires, 12 It h y ­ draulic sideshitt, Scaritlre. This m achine is is excellent condition a lso 42o,ooo C all T had or R i­ chard Moore, 512-854-8369, Corpus 
Christi. Texas___________________ 
C A T E R P IL L A R D O Z E R D I For 
Sale Like new, only 12oo hours. 
Coll 1-713-488-4484_______________ 
D A V IS Model 3oo Trencher with oft set attachments $285o 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
_______ 533-5145, 739 Steves 
D IE S E L T R A C T O R 
D a v id B ro w n w ith fro n t end loader 2 buckets (I yd and ' >vd) 
3 pt hookup, power takeoff Good tire s. E x c . cond. 535oo 
C a n deliver. 695-9218.________________ 
Ditch witch. I Bhp. 52ooo or best ofter, 681-3)6*___________________ 
D ra g lin e for sale. H e a vy Duty 
Bucyrus 1o-B. Like new, only (OOO hours. 6o' Boom, I ’'j yard bucket. 
Coll 
I 713-488-4484.______________ 

16 Ebbtide. H igh perform ance b a s s b o o l w ith m a n y e x t ra s 
54,3oo call onydav after 3 pm 
675-2891__________________________ 
F A M IL Y ski fishing bool, 1972 17 
W inner Bow Rider. 5o hp John son, 
Dilly trailer 
Best otter 
696-o257 
_______________ 

M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S n e Kingsbury 
S E G U IN , 
TX 
69 Streamline 27’ D B L Bed, Full 
Bolti, Air. Hitrh 53975 876-33o8 
16' Tondum Tilt Flat Bed Trailer, with E le c tric B ra k e s on axles 
$65o 379 4154 
_________________ 
•74 T E J A S P IC K U P C A M P E R , 
IO 'j' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IN IO, 3 M iles N. of Boerne 
Rf 2 Box 127 - S A 724-2426 
_______Open Sunday 12 to 5 
2o 
T R A V E L ~ f R A I L E R , 1953, 
C lip r HT, m ade bv A irstre a m , 
Nice and clean, w ill take 5145o 
B est oiler! 732 oo6o______________ 
IB T R A V E L T R A IL E R . Loaded. 
Air, Hot shower, corpet. sleeps 4, 
N ew 54995. Now 535oo 684 o877 
T r a v e l t ro lle r, I96 o H o lid a y 
Ram bler. 8 X 35. I bedroom, wall to wall carpeting, and air. Excel lent condition Can be seen at 6537 
Randolph Blvd Son Antonio. Tx 
'75 Travel Trailer, IS'. Sleeps 6 
Air. refrig, a w n in gs ond m ony e x tra s A sk in g 5255o 342 1374 otter e ond weekends____________ 
'75 Truck Cob-O ver Cam per tor 
LW B Good cond sleeps 4 175o 
684 1591 be to l f 4.________________ used 5Th Wheel TY 
H arper Motor Co Cam porland 
24o1 S W M ilitary 974-5514 
(6) Used Travel Trailers 
H orper Motor Co Cam perland 
24o1 S W M ilitary 924-5514 w e B U Y A L L T yp e s of T ra v e l 
Trollers Coll M E L , 924 5514 
1*76 W ID E W O R L D 26 , used only 
2 w ks Center bath double bed. air, carpet. A S C S sway control 
Other extras! 537 m g 

Antiques-Acce* sories-CoHectobles 
1o2o T O W N SE N D , 126-3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
15' Fiberglass 4oMP Mere motor frailer 
See lo appreciate 4/oo 
674 2533_________________________ 
To Sell your Antiques 
O N E A N D A L L 
Here’s the num ber tar you to call 
631-26oo. 633-o34o (cash paid) 
__________ J IM L IS T E R __________ 
I 97 5 F O R M U L A , 23 J 
C u lly cabin. Dotty, 233 H P Merc-Cruise 
1-o 
351 F o r d e n g in e , go lv. tandem trailer, M ognum Custom 
SO O n q hrs. 2 Broad new axles under trailer. Cost 515,75o new 
Sell 51o,5oo or best alter 494 58IO 
F o r Sa il, 14ft. S a ilb o a t w ith trailer. 656-1587 otter 6pm 

7^19 tTA vcnger Ski Jet, 656 8782 
15tt Chaparral trihull with COMP 
Johnson and a Dilly till trader, excel, cond 515oo, 696 4299 nights, 
226 45o8 days 
1973, 22 F T 
G r a n d B a h a m a . 
Sleeps 4, trailer, m any extras, 
49.95o 673 389o Ofter 5 A N Y T IM E weekends________________________ 
23 ti M onork Pontoon Boot, M er cury IOO 273 1713 
1969 I Aft Searcy, 115hp Johnson. extros 684 86)7 lift Sterne raft boat, motor, out drive, trailer Completely rebuilt 
E xce lle n t coastal fish in g boat 
445oo 8 to 6 call 27 7 5831 34 1 7 386 arter U r n 
‘72 17ft Thunderbird. '71 M ercury 
II She O a big wheel oalv custom drive-en trailer and extras, 537oo. 
655-5875 
19 F T 
T h u n d e r b i r d . 2oo H P 
Johnson motor, 673 o986_________ 
G IG A N T IC S A V IN G S O N Clo seoul of new 1976 Invad ers ond 
O e c kB o a ts, J o h n so n and M e r- cu rys Also Rock Bottom prices on 1977 m odels R a ys s M onne. 
C a n y o n L ake , H w y 7673 n e a r 
Slortiville, 899 21 IO______________ 
17 g la ss M a g ic h b e ig lo s bool with IOO HP Mercury. 197$ C real for coost fishing 922 )426________ 
74 G L A S I'r ON. 17 tt V. 114 HP 
SST prop, mint condition, extras, 
54695 494 4544_______ 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS ... 1 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 

TO P D O L L A R P A ID 
FO R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
824 124o__________________ 974-6474 
73 T R U ST IE . 74 x6o . 3 bedroom, 
I bath, c a rp e t A w n in g , d ish w a sh e r 
V e ry qood con d ition 
512,5oo 658 8884 or 651 6827 

All TOP 
QUALITY STOCK 
ONE STOP CENTER 
C I S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(SI2) 924-6556 

1 o % to 2 o % O F F 
A L L M E R C H A N D IS E 

5312 Broadw ay 
M rs. Brenner. 822-544o. 342-5o7o 
W A N T E D ! Used Mobile Homes 
CA SH and F A ST S E R V IC E 
C A L L M R M IL E S , 924 4731 
W?J DACBERT’S K H 
TI W " | 
INVENTORY CLEARANCE 
4 if-■■ r 
* H j 
N e w a n d U e e d O r g a n * 

Used organs fam ous brands: low rey, H am m ond Kimball, 
Wurlitzer as low o s ......................................... $ 1 4 9 . 3 o 
N ew Thomas Kom bo O rg a n Reg. S P W — 
Closeout at $ 5 9 3 
N ew Kimball 8 o , Reg 
Sole $ 8 6 3 
N ew Spinet PiontfTTrom $ 6 9 8 . 
A few used Upright at $ 2 9 8 as is. Plus m any other piano and organ values. 
DACBERT’S M usic Plaza 
N O R T H — 
5 2 3 5 W a lz e m R d . 
6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
S o u t h — 
1 4 o o N o g a l it o s 
2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

A K C Brittany Spaniels. Dom, Sire and Pups For Sale Good Hunting and very good watch dogs for the home. 924-79oo.____________ 
932 AUCTION SAU 
932 STOM MU 
W E T A K E T R A O E IN S W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L 
M A X _____________ 924 4725 
12x45. 7 bdl 
I lull bath, living room, kitchen, and den, central heal and fully furnished Sockdale 
994 3355_________________________ 
IO X5o', J bedroom. J battu Cen trot heat. air 
Furnished 
522oo-414 2739____________________ 
14x65, excellent cond. 2 br., P i b a th s, c e n tra l a ir, h e at 
A p o iia n ce s, te d patio, con crete drive 2 storage bides , fenced 
Let with fruit trees Small equity, assum e paym ents 415oo IH IO west 497 174o 698 I I H _________ 
1oX5$' Frontier, turn 3 bedrooms, h o out livin g room, located on 
Lake Dunlop 25 min from S A 
$4,24o 653 o562 

A K C C h am p ion Sire d W e im a r oner Puppies $75 653-74o9 
INKRUPTCY 
AUCTION 

A K C Choc, longhair Chihuahua 
T en Ord, 696-6981 
BILD MART 

M I Fiend* • $34-o751 
DISCOUNT 

A K C C O L L IE S , 4125 
_____________ 661 38o7____________ 
A K C Doberm an Puppy, 4 w ks old, 
51oo 735 35o9.____________________ 
A K C D ob erm an. Red. IO m os 
E a rs and tail trimmed all shots 
824-1295.____________ 

All Sizes • All Types 
Brouboch Equipment, 736-1659 
Wad.-bk. 9 - 1o A.M. 
5156 Broadway - San Antonio 
MEXITERIA CAFETERIA 
Pursuant to an order by the Hon. Bert W . Thom pson, 
Bankruptcy Judge, W estern Dist. of Tx., w e will offer the assets of the M a n te n o Cafeteria, Bankruptcy tt S A -7 7 - 
1o BK To be offered in bolk, lots of piecem eal. All of this equip., fixtures & office furnishings ore clean and in g o o d condition. A partial listing follows-. 

★ Cafeteria Serving Line it Kitchen Equip. 
★ Ice Makers 
★ Oining Room Furnishings 
Ar Office Equip. A Fixtures 
Ar Mexican Decorative Items 

INSPECTION: 8:3o day of told. 
TERMS: Complot* payment day of tola. Checks ac- coptod with proper IO. 
TRUSTEE: Jamas Adkins - 512/342-93o1, San An­ tonio. 

32' G O O SE N E C K 
I A m Fob factory built, Tandem axle, dual wheels, 75ox14 rubber, rom ps $375o 695-92189___________ 
Immediate delivery Up to 75,ooo ft of new 4' j” casing in to seam ­ less A P I m onogram LT C 11,6 lbs 
; p e r It 
I r th re a d C S o n d I 
, (8o61948-43o2 , 948-45o4 otter 5 pm 
' New 64oo lb Hydraulic Crone 36o d e g re e 
T e le s c o p in g 
B o o m . 
Hydraulic Wench Cost $55oo take 
535o8 5 3 2 - 6 1 5 1 . ___________ 
I ' Old Sheet Metal Brake, Bargain 
W anted; L a rg e Steel Roll- Up 
Door 224 5463 
__________ 
! R E P O S S E S S IO N A U C T IO N , Feb 
I IO, 1977, 1oAM, 2424 Ceegee. Son 
I A n to n io 
( I ) H y s te r towhee) 
I troller. (I) Verm eer trencher G E 
I C R E D IT . 824 9437.______________ 

I 197o Series 64. C h e w Tractor and 
I Hobbs, 15-19 Cvd. Dum p Troller 
: Excellent cond , 197o H obbs 36’ self loading Boat 458-4543 or (I) 
I 379 762o Seguin 
_____________ 

W A T ER T R U C K 
194) 
In te rn a tio n a l 
2 T on 6 
I Cylinder 2 speed 15oo gal tank, 
1Jpray bor 5215o 495 9211_______ 
W EN C H T R U C K 
; international R 19o Troctor Truck 
I Tulsa 23 wench RO 44o engine. 
Geed cond. 5195o 695-9218. 

A K C E n g lish S p rin g e r Spaniel 
P " Dp I es 492-2884 ofter 3 p m 

A K C G O L D E N R E T R IE V E R S 
____________ 684-177*____________ 

'75 
14x 7o 
M O B I L E 
H O M E 
/-bedroom, 2 bath, air, No eauity t oke over paym ents 337 4964 

8 o ? 
MOTOR H u e s sa le s w i t 
1ox1o O F F IC E U N IT 
New central heal qir 
All new interior Sh arp 1 
SO U T H P O R T M O B IL E H O M E S 
79o# S W Military________ 924 42J1 
<4x72 R a iia d a 
A ir, heat new coroel Rock skirt 
.acre fencer) 
O ve r 3o O a k s l l m in 
U T S A 
Reasonable 349-95)6 it x 7o with w o o d b u rn in g fire 
Place New 
411.985 
U *32'. 2 bedroom W as 
$79oo 
NOW a Year End Spec to! 466oo 
658 7811___________ 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
J8o2 N W Loop 41o 
__________ 734 5131 
A K C Irish Setter puppies 
7wk$ 
V e ry h e a lth y, $85 m a le s, 575 
Fem ales 494 5454 Dam and Sire some location______________ ♦ 
A K C Ir is h Se tte r p u r s ^ s / s . 
698 273o before loam, otter n m 
A K C Ir is h Se tte rs, c h a m p io n 
Blood lines 5 weeks 492-1122 
A K C Lob Pups. Block, m oles end fern Oles. 736 o?1S. 
A K C L a b ra d o r R etriever, R ep 
Yellow, IO m as All Shots, Trained for all water fowl Kennel with dog house avail. 1-894-3o39 att 4. 
A K C L H A SO A P SO P U P S 
Also S T U D S E R V IC E 344-8ooo 
A K C m oi* Basset Hounds, ft w ks , wormed, $45 1-379-2o44 Seguin 
A K C m ale 
C o c k e r 
S p a n ie l pupates Shots, $75 633-7779 
A K C M M Schnauzer I w ks HOO 
456 2o49 Otter 5 p.m. 
I A K C Old English Stteeodog Pup pies 4 wks. 525o 434-7866________ 
A K C Poodle Puppies, 4 wks 
I 
$14-9o42 
A K C P O O D L E S 
S M A L L 
A p r.col $74, 671-7778 
A K C R eg B lac k L a b ra d o r Re itrie ve r Puppies, I w ks Contact 
Charles Dennis 1-594-7747 after 5 

S.A. s LARGEST 
VOLUME QUIER 
IS BUYING A SELLING 

U.S. SILVER CO INS 
(CAU FOE DAUT MBG J) 
4o% silva 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965 7o 
(CAU FOE DAUT MHOS) 
Confidential Cosh Fey men! 
US.* foreign Gold coms for Mi fiction hedging (Expert advice ) 
P A Y IN G TOP DOLLAR 
FOR CLASS RING S 
A DENTAL GOLD 
Sailing Quality 
* Jaw airy * 
A f W holesale Stakes 
(Dealers In v ite d ) 
I ox to IOO ex. 999 
PURI SILV(k BARS 
Buying A Wiling RAE! COWS 

 ond coin codec twin — U S I fare nj n — US. Silver Dollars 
Paying S3 SO ond up 

•73 B ARTH , it', 4ooo Onan. dual air, m ar both $941o 923 77o)__ 
Dodge Surveyor, 1976 Von Motor 
H o m e , fu lly lo a d e d , se lf-co n tamed. Dual air condition. 35oo miles. Coll Loredo. Tx 72) 3434 alter 5 p m 
'73 Dodge T rad e sm an 7oo. con verted to motor home M ust see to appreciate 494-5986 att 4 pm ond weekends. 
74 E S C A P A D E . 25 . 7o,ooo mi 
D ual air, 4ooo Onan, reor beth and tub Lots ot extros1 333-8494 $975o 
2o F O R D Motor Home 11,ooo me 
Col) otter lpm Cleon 137 5o77 
‘71 O M C 23 It, Blue, air, genera tor. L e a d e d , C a ll fo r A p p t 
1 511-538-2o25. 
Between l l pm 
SU ,***.__________ 
___________ 

 toke McQueeney. 517 SS/ 4627 
•77 IN V A D E R JE T BO AT 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IM IO, 3 Miles N of Boerne 
R I 2 Box 127 
S A 224 7425 
Open Sundoy 12 to I______ 
8 1 ? 
Moline Howe Spaces 
M U S T S E L L ' 149t g lo ss m agic 
JShp e v in ru d e . r u n s perfect. 
484 1757 or 644 jtoO $71o________ 
New !7tt Sea Star lls Johnson 
Drive on Trailer 54ooo 691 7B48 
R a ce r C ru ise r W inner of Class, 
Texas Ocean Racing Circuit 1976 
F u lly e q u ip p e d 
Irw in 
38 
I 854 111*. 991 >587______________ 
R A N G E R m odel 155 A, M e re 
8Shp custom driveon trailer, fish finder, tool control troller 44995 
T E X A L L B o a t, 72? 9628 

E x t ra lo rg e rn o o , I e hom e lot 
41475. $75 down. 84 m onths at 
$71 83 A P R I v 
Call A Jones, l it 2)o3 
Cozy Cove Pk 2 blks outside Loop 
41o in N E San Antonio Fenced shorted none better 
$5o mo 
6S4-18H 
______________ 

AU CTIO N EERS. 5 1 2 / 9 2 6 *3 1 RO 
Austin, T x G S -7 7 -o 1 3 8 

9 3 ? 
A11CT1oII S A U 
Doily ond Weekly Rates 
P H O N E _________________ 64) 7212 ii B A L E 11 
Only three left N E W 1974 motor hem es, ond M in i M otor hom es 
Save si (JOOS this week end only 
R A H M B E R G R V Center 
1271 Austin Hwy_________455-o151 
A U C T IO N 
E v e r y ether m onth tree tor I whole year Buckingham village 
Mobile Home Park 658 78ll 
L A R G E 
LO T S 
R E A D Y 
FO R 
T R A IL E R 
Close-in priced right Call 
736 1744 
>78 o645 
498 7o1o 
W ATSO N * SO N R E A L TORS 

G a s ranoes. $89 95 uo 
7 piece living room. See 9$. Complete tall su e beds, $69 9$ up. 
O n the Prem ises 
3 3 3 5th STREET 
MERCEDES, T EXA S 
THURSDAY * 2 PM - 
FEBRUARY 17 

In the beautiful lower Rio 
G ron d e Volley of Texos where tourism exceeds even the volley t fam ous citrus and garden crops in the econom y, we ore offering a profitable going business 
Fully equipped and landscap­ ed designed mobile home pork with oil paved streets and underground utilities 
Paved parking p ads for off street parking 
Capacity for 
1 4 o mobile hom es or 
2 4 o I V i, All ore cur­ rently filled, but the ow ners say sell. 

You con buy oil pro­ perties os a going C o r­ poration or as individual trocts 

TRACT I — 
The 2 2 OC. mobile hom e pork with Eq 

TRACT 2 — 
2 1 o O 
Sq 
Ft 
Building, 
4 o o ft frontage on paved street 

TRACT 3 — 
I 
Ac lot with 8 o o H frontage on paved S i 

TRACT 4 — 
9 Ac with 9 / 8 ft fron­ tage, 

TRACT 5 — 
6'/) Ac with 
1 2 o o ft. frontage 

TRACT * — 
13 
Ac with 
1 4 o o ft hr on loge 

TRACT f — 
4 Vt Ac with 
1 o o o ft. frontage 

1 o % bid deposit day of sole O n ly 2 5 % dow n on 
I losing 
Botonee on terms For inspection coff 
M r 
G u s H arp at M er cedes, Texas ( S I2 ) S B S 
1331 or We Awe rn 
Dallas 
(2 1 4 ) 
3 6 3 - 

 l l ' Stat croft boot V bottom with 
M e r c u r y in b o a rd m otor w ith troller, 654 986o nights I 379 >33) 
Ti" Sundsh Sailboat with trailer, tioofl rend $575 342 >745 ________ 
15' T e rry B a ss with troll meter and depth tinder, trailer. 25hp 
Johnson, electric start. 11.75o 
*41-2161. 227 t i l l 
11 T h u n d e rb ird . 1 9 ' inb oard , outboard, all accessories, boat cavar, call 473 3288 
_____ 

Silver Nickels, Anything Gold ar Stiver — Jewelry, tho­ rn ends, Platinum, Watches 
Sterling Silverware Antiques, 
He. 
(Highest Trices Fwd) 
RAM TAPIR H O M Y A M oi wen, Cewedlbn A Stiver cows from any eau*try — Geld cetus tram any country 
(US I OM Designed (M d cete 

Luxury Motor Hom es Rent Lew 
■p ie s 858 /661 456 7119 
74 M ershfieid 5788 end assum e paym ents I* yr note 7' i% Intresl 
Completely Unfurnished. Central 
A ir 449 1571 

Leon Spring Rent or Sell 
Names Available 349-76o7 
B IL L E R IC E R E A L T Y 
A K C Registered Chesapeake Boy 
Retriever pups, I 446-o244 AC 915, otter 4 38 AC 915 1-985-3549 
A ke Rep. Sh e tlan d sh e e p d o gs 
Soble ond white T rl’s 734 oe84 
A K C Sheltie Puppies. 4 mates 6 w ks Beautiful o n * healthy HOO 
4967511_________________________ 
A K C W E I M A R A N E R , 3 m e temple, shots, 55* 491 1587 
A K C white O e rm o n S h e o h a rd puppies, snots ond wormed. $75 l->37 o«s2. I WHI deliver__________ 
A K C Yorkie Pups. Stud Service 
73S-MS1, 7)4 77)8 
A K IT A P U R P IK S A K C 
! 
674-4119____________ 
1 
A K IT A Purebred no papers 
I 
658 1517 after 6 p m 
A k itos (Bear D o g s) B ac guard and family deb 
Par 
Sale 

LOT FO N 55 M M 54o MO 
LOU N O R Mobile Home Pork 
1415 Castroville Rd IJJ Teec 
M O B IL E H O M E P A R K I QTS 
Rent US M e EH A 
Peru- <1 
Judson md Schools 658 OQ22_ 
N E , Sh a d y A c re s T ra ile r Pe lanced, store room, trees, $37 58 
Near W indsor PX M oil l l s l i l t 

LA C K $ Discount w arenouse 
Used Furniture end Appliances 
'63 C O L IS E U M OB ll4 7CCC 

•TI P A C E S IT T E R . 25M . Chevy 
454. fully self centum #*, sleeps 6, 
A t Cond , i ll,N O 658 3956 
" 'R A H M * ! NG R V C E N T E R 
Moierhom es. Trowel Trailers ond Tent Com pers, 654 8151 

7) T H U N D E R B IR D ll . math th ru w in d sh ie ld 
Johnson 
M any extros 
3ci 291c 
LUMBER BARGAINS 
(Biri bull Faint i i so 
?»4 I prate' ho J Meet 
79c 
/Cfi Ifc Seetdewn ih,ng», *| J es 
CU 
(OI Ft,»ba4 
U 99 
4.8 . pl veto ad 
$1o 2$ 
4. * Awiwi*" * flu. $1 OJO 
AiuMMMJM H U O DOORS 
»fad 
$*9 

• C A S H A N O C A S S Y " 

BARNES LUMBER CO. 
17o/1 Durenge 
M i l l i s 

A M E R IC AN LO A N CO buv-seii-irooe anything at value 
_______IClC E Commerce 
Used Fiberglass Yochts 
B e rtra m 25 28 31-46 
H a tte ra s 
34 3641. Cai 27 34 O T H E R S >o7 
Sandollar. R ockport, 779 1o8o; 
Corpus Christi, 857 1178 _____ _ 
I used Giastron with trailer. $5oo t used 18 ti alum fish mo boot, 
448o 
6818 Randolph Blvd 
CSC o38o 
D IS C O U N T B OAT S A L E S___ 
W A N T E D * Used C E N T U R Y IO boat can otter 3 cspm 122 35o9 
D i r t * br Jim 
________________ 

72 SH A ST A M O T O R H O M E . 17' 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IM IO. 3 Mites N at Boerne 
R I 2 Box 127 S-A 224 7426 
Open Sunday ll to 5______ 

L u re - site for M oods, ready to m ove on ta fCJOC 
N am e your terms 
L u k acron 
Real 
E orate, 
49634)9 
______________ 
•74 F o rd M a v e ric k c dr'! "air, heater auto power steer,nu E> ceile'" cand M ust sell before Feb 
It ' *24 *711_________ 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
OI A M O N D * 
P L A T I N U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A O * 
O N 
JE W E C H Y e F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N O E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
224 1424 

•73 Slarcratt Sen contained, ll'. 
Air generator 
$18,8oo or otter 
1-4*62*94 
197* T R A V C O 27' motorhome (2) tea mount air Control heat 6,ooo wolf power plant Pawer stearma, brakes Cruise control 44oo milos an new engine . and tires Custom interior Cream pun *76 7636 
W ant To Buy Motor Hom e Any 
M ake 
Any 
Model 
658 7661, 

•AN Breed Dog Mated* 
Bexar Co Kennel Club 
Entries close Sal 12 Feb I p m 
Show Sun 27 Fob, Jo sse s Ne 
H o r G aroge 7 a rn -* p rn 
Match Sec M rs Fat New 
1191) Rustic La , * A 7*23o 
435 7857 Call 653 7*97 

I A b O h k ll> M GD22 I with cole'head 224 5191, 
Ernn- C 
O r ie n t a l & P e r s ia n R u g s 
Sun day - February 6 - 2 P.M . 
B e k in s M o v in g & S t o r a g e 
6 2 3 4 San Padre, San A n ton io 

Approxim ately 5 o Oriental and Persian rugs will be auctioned to the Highest Bidder D o o rs will open at I 
P M far viewing 

Including Kerm an Tabr,tm Afghon, B eloved, Ardebrl, 
Shiraz, Nom , Bokhara, Hariz cmd oth#r$. AH s u e d in­ cluded 
TRIMS: CASH OB C H IC K 
A u c tio n s 
ROY CARR 
TxGc-77-o4S3 

8 86 
SPORTING SflODS 
92? MUSICAL IRSTRUMtMTS 
A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y io n Austin S I. 276 1437 
Universal City, 654 O J I 
A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H AS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N V TH IN G 

11o IPPIIMCIS 
Over 1*oo Guns to Choose tram 
B U Y - S E L L -T R A O E 
A m * neon Loon Co______ 
I Ivai Ola if ' Tappan oos range, hor vest gold, like new. 54o) Castle log_______________ 
•71 WI L L 1AM SCR A F T M ,rn motor home self contained Less thou 
45,ooo ml Good condition Sleeps 
4, sto ve w ith even, ret w ith freezer, Bathroom with shower, aientv of space in cabinets M any mort extras1 Bargain, 55975 Bv 
OOHigr, 653 4414 
I c Win ne Od bo 73 Ceration Eully 

Thorroson Conlendor hunting prs lo! JOJO with L E U P O L D scope, 
Buehier m ounts IOO yds a cc u r­ acy, only 4o rounds tired 
S IH 
691-lf$3 
1976 W in ch e ste r M o d e l 7t. 77o 
BHB, 432-9*77 
_________________ 

B E E H B O X E S, draft and bottle 
R e f rig e r a to r s , fre e z e rs , ice m a k e rs ice cre o m m a ch in e s, d o u g h m ix e rs, b a k e o v e n s b ro ile rs, g rid d le s sto v e s end steam rabies 7 31 1293 __________ 
Cot 955L Troxcavator with Ripper and canopy Just I U hoots since new 549 S H t i l 2)31, 671 7233 
Complete bor~wi1h9 stools. 4 un it*, stainless steel sinks 4 com 
Bailm ents restaurant tables and chairs cash register counter with a i sp lev shelves m s 
Chacon, 
81* 564) 
_________ 
Complete groups af etti'ce lur rn tufa. CPB M , 215-5744 
7 Dictaphones ; i, or Scribers Ail have been anger service contract 
T otal P r ic e t r o t or w ill te ll seaaretety 7 M - * m 
Draft Beer d isp e n se rs Per lick 
J nee J seoul with com pressor, 
U te it 4 keg. 4 spout with com pressor, ||49 Both in excellent condition I D I B o ss. S t 71) 7167 
O B A F T IN O T A B L E 
72x11,rt 
L ik e new co n d itio n 
D ra ftin g 
Heel Blueprint p a * map cabinet 
J ilt 
Bpsse 
Road 
733 7367, 
7,6*B»I 
For A l L N E A and U SE O Alienee 
Eguipm eni ana Supplies Set 
I r • in sen Restaur ani Supply Co 
! f it - I P * Pedro 
7)3 » ) ) 
It ff F g R t e i m obile p latform 
7)5 9137, > 38 til) 5 3* 
IB M Executive typewriter like new, >19$ 5*6)699 

SA N A N T O N IO S 
Largest Indoor 
O RG AN S 
PIANOS 

ZVtBCTI 
(AWM 
A K I kl I SON 

$44 Panel Colonial Door en Sale 
$15. Solid Cere D oors S U 59. Bi 
Fold D oo r $7 $8 See U s. Save 
Money H O I W Commerce m KUR I mn I HSHIRC 
VCR MO kl) to D U K 
Ever y Saturday-SunOav 
North West Shop pi ng Center 
36H Bleck F redencksburg Rd. 
Back Side et Center 
FO R IN F O or R E S E R V A T IO N S 
IM -KUS MtlDBS 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
We ve eof lets et it lf you need any oucinhly, brine your list end bring your money We guarantee lo save you money 

D I T T M A R L U M 
B E R 
S H Seguin Rd 
7)6 IM I 

14 Alum inum A rkansas trovler wtZb 1474, 29 hp M ercury Trailing meter swivel seats, ana trailar, 
$«*» I TSI 1 4 3 4 ____________ 
I* 1 A rrow G la ss Trophy. IlSh p johnson Troll molar, ana death trader big wheel trader 111 IO C 
1974 I* ' A rrew gtes Trophy bats berat. I5hp Mercury, Dilly ortvaoa ably trailer, electric trolling me­ ter, 3 m a rin e batteries. J g e t tanks, depthhnder, used few hrs 
W M 674 *1*4 
•>4 la t iB g p . 35 , 58 he M ercury. bytim e rate lith tinder 674 147* 
A g s t B e e i, I i R a n g e r', to u r- bemoat hull. II5 M P Johnson TNT, 
S S T p ro p . M a g n u m d riv e o n trailer Completely leaded All 76 mode) equipment >71 8937 un el j 
Beautiful lr 
C a ra ve lle ."!}* i O 
Ctbsed Vow Excellent Cond Cut tem Drive on Trailer, Stereo rape 
H I ASSI 
•73 te a l 34 It a *tneli C pm rnpng 
B ridde Sedan and Trotter M H O amor >*» m r 
________ 
S o s TO N W H A L E R 17tt with clean 7) *5i»p johnson Sate I i cedent tor lake and t ira si Custom 
Ironer and cover 
3*697*3 
*4113*1 l l C M R a bout self cento-ried with drive en baiter. 44 78c 7«*7 
Bt M istletoe 
74 ii^ f d r v ille Bd s# (fbdC'ktiRl 
Other Custom D rive en Trnnei *74 ith p Mere I preps 2 p ts f a u t , I 
Pelter ISS M in Koto $44 b e liin g m eter. la w re n c e flesher g ru b dep th tind p r, pit cadet g u a rd tau ransom m i n 
C d * en 4 38 

714 557* 

7*2 • *** 
*44 o24* 
* * 
* 
COM ING * 
* 
* 
HARVEY’S AUCTION 

SBI., b k . l l B l 7 P H 
Su b ., b k . 13 s t I J O P M 
Another M am m oth Antigo# Auction 
Dray MBS Florae — SM Aim rf zee furniture end CeBezteEfei 

XKN AS 
Ilek weed tables, locking ond ether cheers 
15 chute cabmen Prayer benches 
Puma dealt 
5 mu aiery desks 
Conrad 

 rockers, chaps, end tablet Mix lee tao assorted peaces hatracks Alw 

Baaighen desks and ether desks hodfreet library tables I UGI 

 kens, cogger, bronzes, pde, faery th Oak beds Dressers end chests 

Moran, picture end homes Flus fats of Inc A Rec end hundreds el 

D o cto rs investm ent G ro u t to In­ terested ut buying carat, stomps. 
'Oils prppts. potd, F rone tin Mints. els Contact Or tfpgt, 736 )87f 

South t o »os Deer le a se Wanted 
Prefer lease with cabin 
) H to 
IM * acres Coll 737 9*43 days or 
**9-l$M n6BR H 
Wont 6■ *r Lease tor I yr with 
CbUra, * raga, 8*3-411* w a rn ie le e s* 4 ,**• -*.8 ** a cre h u n tin g lease with or without canto Con collect ( sect 36* 3924 

 rn CAMtM PHO 1o fjJUiF 

IU -H u t iii IN KS SAI! 

W H O l E S A L A — Sit VAIL 
Dependable Since 1*33 
4*7 H Zoitom ero 4317*8 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
Nu mr K o h le r o n d 

Cantrap tM S m ttd H 
$ m 
(h*es* liens IreUneaol italian 

Pi orate rat french Prgratiiui end 
Sgums* 
13*8 
DUD (At 
Fleyet banes, ( nebfl* I vs* trued square 
Grand irk* nee Hut*! style Fie aul like hee hem $ 4 G 5 
H I W V ISL OSM! I ilectrank O r g a n s 
S h a ft w ith i m a n d S a v e 

 l o w O v e r h e a d 
NAVARRO 
P IA N O C O . 

I t o t M C O L O R A D O 
P M 
M 
* * 

IS m inute* North el North Slur 
M a ll Ooh trees geed soil. Hill 
C o u n try 
U tilitie s a v a ila b le 
41,194. 4194 dow n, $88 36 der month tor 5 ye a rs I*, interest 
494 1419 or 
343 'IO C 
L A 
K E C R Q F T R E A l E S T A I F 

 a d d ' a r o o m Cir Hem Built Dei 

I boBraom unfvm is * . d~S4*v ' 
R E D R IV E R M obil* M anus 
_____________651 9/St___________ 

Cunt ort Grand Prana 
Baldwin SD i f autotroph od 
Like new >1* FOO 694 I vee i i i TC M i y f P IA N O CO 
Ne Tim# Lim it en Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
)»#/ W Woodlawn 
734 411/ 
G ibson fle e 
Gutter and case 
Unison starter# Am ps Site Atter 
* anet week*,ms Ste Sloe 
H a n u m a n * D r g u n and L e slie 
Speaker gem S O M COH 414 i l l * 
S A or I 357 $454 in M iQ ueeney 

45oo WIST (V I. I L . r S i l ' i SSxyp'n (m w ) 

B i NU CAH MW 7(13 ffd-BCS l f : MBB ms 
Gmm I urn Im, r Bood Lengths 
1*6 
.. 
14c l f 
I * * 
19* LF 
7*6 
1 9 '.C L F 

SinMAH liiMJt£R ria R O, '< 2 *1 1 4 1 * 
S p r in g Se ll P e i! ab ie t ie r eg# 
B i d * 
$1/9 u p 
T e rra s F re e 
Odhttgee tH H H U 
_____________ 

Duel pitch I if attent condition 
Under IB M rt,atnlentinc« contract since e u 'cha ,e Call in 
H um er 
M r Lear ac bt 336 *4 7 1 
G.C. WAITERS, 
JR. I ASSOCIATES 
IBI* MT Al UM BIBI 
M U A * TUA* t i l SB 
(ii*) im tnt 

L o rd * Setae Iran af Antique 

P L A Y E R P I A N O S 
I O G A ID A I 
A U T O M A T IC M w tlC CO 
.MB* jj Ptarg* i m ii 
P IA N O S R f NTT 6 Outran I* b 
NO I IM I t e d T i m e 
D o c b a rt s M u s ic P lo t 
(ta* NOGALITOS it Stat I 
M B M A L IK * BD 
IN ACI ro u e VO AN* AL in imi te n e ts* m in s call Ifs >66* 

IF t CABIO C e n te r C o n s o le 
7* gotten nos ran# tao end e m u extras 197$ is# He Mercury out 
M i d Fewer bd end trim Tail o*m Ivetta#. Th.1 ira is Roe Mw 

**<*ii#at S*>ri 
I 
* **• 

San A ntonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u nd ay F eb ru ary 6 I 9 7 7 
P age 5--fj 

S o m e t h in g N e w , a n d B a r g a in s T o o . 
A ttend an Auction 
See our Auction Column 

F# 
• 

DOCS-CATniROSPFfS 

• F R E E * 
R IN G M A N N E R CLASSES 
Son P e d ro P o rk 2 p m . Sun. 
Jon. 3oth, Fob 4. 13, 27 and M e r. 
6 th . S A N A N T O N IO K E N N E L 
C L U B . A ll B re d D o s S how a n d 
O b e d ie c e T r ia l. M a r. 13th. F o r in to . Bob M a d d o x , 455 2445 

F R E E 2 sp aye d fe m a le Labs and 
2 m a le c o t*. N eeds good hom e. 
432-5452 

GEHMAN SHEPHERDS 
A KC P u ps, m o th e r G e rm . Im p o rt. 
In te rn ! Ch. B lo o d lin e 4S3-27S1. 
[G IV E A W A Y I fe m a le E n g lis h 
[S e tter fh o t H u n t*. I h o u s e b ro k e fe m a le F o x T e r r ie r . B o th dogs p u re b re d . 732-8317. 
___________ 
G olden R e trie v e r P uppies, m a ke o ffe r 673 o786. 
■Gri ot D one P ups, b lo c k 626-234o 

G REAT DANES 
C n om p'o n sired . 1-75S-4496 
■Half W e im q ra n e r h a lf L a b pup oles, shots, w o rm e d , SIS. 655-3146 
(iris h S e tte r P up s 8 w k s , s h o ts , 
{w orm ed $3o fe m a le s $35 m ales. 
1-379 3826. 

IR IS H S E T T E R P u p p ie s , A K C 
Reg. C h am pion b lo o d -lln w o rm e d , 
$65. 
A fte r 
5 and w eekends, 
673-3899 

■Irish S etter pup pies. P u re b re d , no p ap ers $45. 656-1142. 

Iris h S etter P up p ies. 2 m o old, 163 
E b b tid o (V o lle y H I) 674-7245 
Ju st in T im e fo r V a le n tin e s A KC 
B asset P up p ies, 6 w ks, w o rm e d , s t a r te d on s h o ts 
S Io o -S 12 5 
1-278-7o1o. U va ld e. 

Just in tim e fo r V a le n tin e ! S ilky 
T e rrie r P uppies. AKC . 497 3652 
Just In tim e fo r V a le n tin e ! M ix e d 
L A B puppies 735-8393 a tte r 6 

L A B R A D O R 
R E T R IV E R 
P U P P Y . F e m a le , 42o, P a p e r tra in e d 736-55o8 

Lossy Typ e C o llie P uppies, flu ffy c o lla r, 7 w ks. 4 fem ales, 5 m ales 
S able a n d W h ite , o nd T ri C o lo r 
585 837 C a n te rb u ry H ill. 828-5384 
5ino old M a le G e rm a n S hepherd, 
B lo ck ond Ton $12S. 337 5837 

P O O D LE PUPS 
A K C M in . B lk , 3 fe m a le . E v e . 
698-26o4 a nd w eekends 

938 - MK-CATS-BlliBS-PrnS 

O ld E n g lis h S he e pd og P u p p ie s - 
C h a m p io n s h ip b re e d in g d e p o s it n ow fo r o rd e r of ch oice . A fte r t p.m . *81-o498. 

P O O D L E S - T in v -8 2 2 -9 2 9 1 
P oodles, 8 w eeks old, w h ite and ch am pa gn e $4o. 534-5569. 
P uppies, b la c k , h a lf Iris h S etter, 5 w ks old, S8, 534-9144 
Reg. E ng. S p rin g e r S pa n iel P u p ­ pies, Ch. Stock, I fem . I m a le , IO w ks. shots A lso m ix e d A u s tra lia n 
S hepherd tem I y r $25. 653-8339 
R eg 
Ir is h S e tte r p u p s . S h o ts 
927-4o62 923-752o o ft 5 
R e g . 
M in ia t u r e p uppy 532-1812. 
D a c h s h u n d 

RE G S ta n da rd S c h n a u ie r, B itc h , 
I ’ >, s a lt ond p ep pe r. 681-1599 
S ia m e s e c a ts 
I m a le 6 m o t, 
Chocolate p o in t; I fem ale 5 mos. 
Seal point, $25 po 822 958o. 

S IL K Y T E R R IE R S are non shed d in g , o rd e rle s s , a ffe c tio n a te , in ­ te llig e n t. n a tu ra l w tc h d o g s A KC 
Pups 344 728o , 344 2417. 

S ta n da rd Fox T e rrie rs . T in y UKC 
Tov 
Fox 
T e rrie rs 
Ch, b re d 
661-38o7 

T E A C UP P O O D LE 
822-9291 
T u la ir Danes, A K C p uppies, b la c k o r blue. 1-438 2492. 
U n re g . fe m a le S ia m e s e , n e e d s m ate 433-9619. 
W A N T A N AKC D O G ’ 
S A. Dog B re e d e rs R e fe rra l S er­ vice w ill p ut you in touch w ith a n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r . 
494 7787, 673-46o3. 

W ir e h a ir e d T e r r ie r 1 y r A K C p ap ers a v a ila b le $5o 661-6862 

938 PIHILTEY BABBITS-BK8 

Bee H ives fo r Sale $4o ea. 
435-6357 

M UVBTIM FBtTtHB 

A G H A Reg. 1*75 S ta llio n , p e rfo r- m a n c e b re d , g e n tle d is p o s itio n : 
A Q H A R eg. 1*74 W e s te rn P le a ­ s u re M a re , tra in e d a nd g e n tle . 
M u st se ll! 696-2429. 

A T S TU D : A Q H A P a lo m in o 
E legance ' 824-3913 633 2728 
•Go 

B a b y C a lv e s $3o SSO 
G r a s s 
C alves $6o-$!IO. 922-8449 
B ea u tifu l Snow W h ite Q tr M a re . 8 yrs. Good c o n firm a tio n IS hands, t r a in e d t o r b a r r e ls a n d a k id h orse $375. 826-3568, 424-2o81. 

94fl UVtSTOCK PEEP SEEPS 
948 LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 

H A Y S A LE 
15oo boles good q u a lity Johnson 
$1 89 
G rass H a y Si.3o a b ale 12oo bales 
$2.2o I H a y g ra ie r s i 4o a bale 8oo bales 
M esh I good q u a lity C oastal $1.65 a bole. 
$29 95 I g o y 1-426 4418; n ile I 426 3173 i ■* H o rs e In -L in e M ille v T r a ile r . 
95 I 341 o952 , 694-7722.________________ 
BARKER SUPPLY 

FEBRUARY SPECIAL 
4 "x 4 V P ento Post 
3’ V ’ x 4 " x8' P enta Post 
35" 
Sheep and 
G oat 
33o' ............................................ 
12' jg a Im p o rt B a rb ........ 
12’ L ife tim e G ate .............. 

3143 S E M ilita ry D r 333 6o41 

B IG Stout R id in g H orses $3oo up. 
622-3663 622-3o93 824-3913 
B la n k e n s h ip B ra h m a n R onch 
Reg B ra h m a n B ulls, v e ry g en tle. 
512-824-9773, 627-2281 

F E L P S H O RSE. STOCK 
A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e . R e p a ir s , a n d 
T ra ile r R entals, 443o H w y 9o E ast 
(S. W W W hite Rd ) 333 1611. 
F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S TA L H A Y 
333-2938 

B R A N G U S B U L L S 
18, 2 - 3 y r o ld T o p B lo o d lin e 
B re e d in g B ulls. $425. 512 42o 23o5. 
B u c k s k in m a re , s p ir ite d , f u lly b ro ke . 5 yrs. old 432-3147 
B u ild F a rm a nd R a n ch F e nce s. 
Also, R ock D rillin g 677-8212 

F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S T A L H A Y , 
S to re d in s h e d . $ 1.7 5 a b a le . 
533-5145 A tte r 6 and w e eke n ds ro il 
677-817o 

C lean, fe rtiliz e d co asta l hay. $1.75 in b a rn , K a rn e s C ounty C all SA, 
6S5-o569 

C lean S udan H a y , $1.75 b ale , in b orn. M in im u m 25 bales. 762-3618 

F E R T IL IZ E D C oastal and John son G rass H ay, no ra in , in b a rn , re a son ab ly p ric e d 342-o112___ 
4o ft F la tb e d T ra ile r. I axles, elec. b ra ve s, 1974 W W T ra ile r $325o 
337-3756 J im Reed 

H O R S E S 
B o a r d e d , 
B r o k e n , 
T ro m e d 
E x c . fa c ilitie s 
Reason. 
I Rotes. R ig sb y A ve. 923 o573 o tt 5. 
H O R S E S H O E IN G j _____________ 654 6643_____________ 

HORSESHOEING 
J a m e s 
H a llm a r k , 
S e g u in 
1-379-7316, 379-34o3_______________ 
HO RSE SHOW , MOC A rth u r, L ei su re S tables, M a rc h 12.__________ 
2-horse tro lle r, p e rfe c t c o n d itio n . 
658-1261__________________________ 
^ L im o u s in B u ll, show type , g e n ­ tle , h a lte r b ro k e . R e ad y fo r s e r­ v ice 649 2762 

KH L in u m H E M M 

Phil Echavarria 

Stanley Helmke 

Raul Perales 
SAY 'C A L L OR SEE M E A T " 

Molten Lumber Co. 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
"D e p e n d a b le Since 1*35" 
4o7 N Z a rz a m o ra , 432-7881 

G eldin g and M a re , g en tle $2oo ea 
661 SHO 

C o a s ta l B u rm u d a S p rig D ig g e r a n d 2 ro w S p rig P la n te r. G ood cond 1-947 3665 

[G U R N S E Y M IL K CO W F re s h w ith fir s t c a lf 
R a is in g 2 c a lv e s p lu s p ro v id in g m ilk to r fa m ily 
$4oo 379-1o2o, Seguin. 

C oastal H ay n e a r P oteet 
3ooo bolos $1 75, 1-569 4o73 
C O A S TA L H A Y 
651-4121 

CORRUGATED IRON 
$18,95 p e r sa 
F LO W E R S LS R CO. 
2567 G oliad 
333-6171 

H A L F A R A B IA N B LA C K 7 y e a r o ld m o re 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
T h re e v e o rs p ro fe s s io n a l tr a in in g 
O u ts ta n d in g s h o w m a re . 
A ustin, TX (512) 255 21o5________ 

2, 16 h a n d G e ld in g s 
W ill ro p e 
G re a t to r k id s or T ro ll 653 8339 

H A Y D e liv e re d 
1-685 3361, I 997 3767 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e ry Sat. 12 Noon, C a ttle, sheep, g o a ts , h o rs e s . 12 m i. S W 
S A. 
F a rm Rd 2173, M a c d o na, Tx 
M A R E FOR S A LE 
696 o883 688 3o77 

1964 R eg 
P a in t M a re -g ra y a n d w h ite , e x c e lle n t b ro o d M a rc . 
T o ke s e x p e rie n c e d rid e r 
1963 3 
G aited B u c k s k in and w h ite P a in t 
M o re V e ry gentle, w o n d e rfu l rid m g horse, ra is e s b e a u tifu l C olts to o ' C oll 847 2513, W im b e rle y , Tx 
R eg Q tr 
H o rse s, 2 y r S ta llio n , o u ts ta n d in g R u n n in g B lo od 2 y r 
F illy I 379 1812 
R e g 
4 y r . o ld Q u a r te r H o rs e g eld in g $7oo G entle 7 y r old Ap poloosa pony, $75. 2 h orse tra ile r 
Good co nd itio n, $5oo O ld saddle. 
525. I 512-663 21oo 

M ilk Cow to r Sale 
824 271o 
1 M U S T S E L L 5 y r A Q H A M o re 
, Shown 4 H and w o uld m a ke Ion i fustic T ra il Ride H orse A lso out s ta n d in g used and 4 H 5 y r AQHA 
M a re . A ll o tte rs co nsid e re d Tony 
H oley 688-3484 o tt 5 p r n ________ 

S o rre l G e ld in g 14 h a n d s , v e ry gentle 52oo 698 2988 
S o rre l M a re 5 y rs I i •> h a n d s , s to c k y , e x p e rie n c e d rid e r 
525o 
Saddle 5125. 732 9338, I 438 7127 

946 LIVESTOCK THD SEEDS m HVfSTOCl FKD SEEDS 

1 Stud S ervice, E g v o tto n A ra b S2$o‘ 
A ra bs HOO o th e rs 456 oo2o 
2 y r old B 'd tfm a b u ll, 2o B ra h m a h e ife rs 67* 1931 

S T U D S E R V IC E : D ie s e l D e c k , 
I A A A ra tin g , son of M oon D eck by 
{T o p D e c k o u t o f T h re e P a rs . 
I B lo o d e d M a re s 825o 
C a ll G re y 
[ S m yth I14S 41S1, L a Pr yor. 

4 y r old G ro de G e ld in g E n g lish 
W e s te - n P le a s u re is 3 h a n d s . ■ 
Good Rein S45o. 4*9 o215 
7 y r old Q tr 
M a re g oo d b a r re l h orse is hands $475. Can be seen 1 a t B lue R idge 341 *551 
Sudan G ra ss H ay. ST SO a bale in b a rn 444-1233. 
SUO AN H A Y IS So a t 4)o 
SISO 
431 4967 

 i i y r old R eg S o rre l Q tr H o rs e ! 
G e ld in g , w e ll tr a in e d , g e n tle s p irite d S4So 
Y e a rlin g B ay Q tr 
H orse Colt. h o lle r b ro k e n *2oo 
698 1444 
I 
3 Tennessee W a lk e rs 
2 m a re s in foa l, I y e a r old colt. 3 sa dd le s and rock $15oo 828 33o7 
T H A T S S T U R D Y ! K a is e r a lu m w o od -fra m e d fo rm A ro n c h b ide s 
See o ur m o d e l! 
Geo 
H unt, 
494 3318 

94? I ami rQutpiniBni supplies 

A G R IC U L T U R A L T R A C T O R S 
A N O E Q U IP M E N T . 
L a r g e s t s e le c tio n of used F o rd T ra c to rs a nd E q u ip m e n t A v a ila b le A lm o st e v e ry H P R ange fro m 9N to 8ooo 
D iesel 
A lso 45oo PL B U n it. 34oo 
T r a c to r w ith lo a d e r 35oo P l B 
J D 3o1oD and 4o2oD, M F 
I8oD, 
F o r m a l! 5o4 w ith 4 ro w e q u ip m e n ! E W A L D r O R D T R A C T O R . 
IM 
IO 
H w y 
46, 
S eguin. 
Tx 
I 379-4591 

TRAIL BIDERS 
B ig B a y R e g is te r e d Q u a r t e r 
H o rs e G e ld in g t o r s o le 
IS 3 bonds, 12oo lbs , 8 y e a rs old. Reol sm ooth g en tle enough tor wom en 
B e a u tifu l horse 
$65o cosh 
*2? 4147 t w o H o rs e T r a ile r , C ir c le M 
L a rg e 
Tack 
C o m p a rtm e n t $9oo 
I 338 7381 

HJO Case I r e c to r , d ie s e l 6o hp 
S J 5 o o ; IO’ d is c H a rro w $75o 
J b ottom ro llo v e r m o ld b o a rd $45o. 

U S E D P IP E 
6 in. $2.6o a tt; 2 in 
6oc a tt, S ucker Rod in 
25c o tt ; 'n inc ,2oc o ti. C all J im Reed 
337 3756 a tte r 6 p m. 

D E M O N S T R A T O R T R A C T O R 
S A L E , 7o H P 
D ie s e l S6Soo 
57 
H P 
D iesel $55oo, 3o M P 
$15oo 
Used 11 a c to rs 2o lo 55 H P DOD 
G E N E Q U IP M E N T CO 
8233 S 
P reen .532-4151 
Y e a rlin g R ace P ro s p e c t. A Q H A 
Req 646 POO 
333 QI Id 

94? Fawn Equiptirant Suwltes 

F A R M A L L 
H 
P T O 
G o o d c o nd itio n $875 695-9218_________ 
F E R T IL IZ E R 
E Q U IP M E N T 
S ALE 
2, 75oo g a l tan ks, $5oo ca 1,15,ooo gal ta n k . $8oo I. 3o,ooo lb Scale, 
$12oo 3 tra ile rs at $67$ ca I. 35 ft 
S p ra y e r M a c h in e $15oo. I, 37 t i 
S p r a y e r 
M a c h in e w it h ro w m a rk e r $21oo 
I. S S hank C hisel m a ch ine $19oo. I, 5 S hank C hisel 
M a ch ine Si SOO 
A ll E q u ip m e n t in good cond I 393-3111, 8 to 5 
F o rd 5ooo D iesel, F o rd 219 o ffse t disc, 9ft chisel, 227 $716 

FORD TRACTORS 
8N and 9N w ith new and used im plem en ts 37o8 S F lo re s 
F O R D T R A C T O R M o d e l 8oo in e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n P ric e d lo Sell 
THE TO R G E R SO N CO 
533 SMS, 739 Stoves 

942 • FARM EQUIPMENT ft 
SUPPLIES 

M A N U R E S P R E A D E R , lik e new 
651 6121 
64 M a s s e y F e rg u s o n 4ohp w ith c u ltiv a to r $215o. 649 1717 

M F 165 D ie s e l T r a c t o r . C a ll: 
648 I I J I or 656 2678 
N A A F O R D T ra c to r, c o m p le te ­ ly o v e rh a u le d , new ru b b e r $11oo. 
514 8956 

BN a nd 9N F o rd T ra c to rs , L o te 
M o d e l 3ooo F o rd T ra c to r s , MS ond 165 M a sse y F e rg u s o n T ra c ­ to rs Used P la n te rs a nd C u ltiv a ­ to rs 2 and 4 ro w 
O IE T Z T R A C T O R CO 
I 379 1945 OI 658 1288 
522 I H IO Seguin________ 

H L S T O N P T 
IO W IN D R O W ! k 
$7495 
T H E TO R G E R SO N CO 
_______ $33 $145, 739 S ie v e s _____ 
4SHP Diesel tra c to r w ith J p o in t disk and 3 p oin t plow $33oo fo r oil 
341 2o39 

8o6 IN T E R N A T IO N A L , new ru b b e l, $65oo 655 6 2 8 7 ___________ 

4o1o 
4o2o JO H N D E E R E 
D iesel. 534 6711_________ 
John D eere m odel A J p f e le c tric s ta ll $9oo I 538 2o73 a tte r 5 

P O R T A B L E C O R R A L P A N E L S , m ade of h igh to n s il steel tu b in g . (6 b o is t , v e ry r ig id a n d d u r a b le . 
5x1o pan el, SJO; 5x2l> p an el, $4o, 
W ill d e liv e r a t this p ric e . C oll Joe 
RPh yl IS, (4o5) 667 2o46 
______ 
K O C K P IC K E R , h y d r a u lic co n - tro l lift 23o1 N o go llto s, 514 671 1 
S T E E L 
B U IL D IN G S 
F a r m , 
R a n c h E q u ip m e n t 
H a y a n d 
H orse B a rn s P ipe Pens 337 6931 day s o r lilie s 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Stoves 
513-514$ 

94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEPS 

A-HALE TRAILER S 
H orse S lock ond G ooseneck 
New and U sed, to r Sole o r R ent 
A lso feed B a rre ls w ith L ids 
S L IM P O IL CO O ff IH 37 
533-5151 
6o4 
C a ro lin a nlfes 
344-721$ 

CUSTOM F A R R IE R 
S pe cia l In c o rre c tiv e sh o e in g of a ll k in d s . C u ttin g a n d r e in in g horses a S pe cia lty. 
NE W in Son A nto nio o re a L o o k ­ in g to r s te a d y c u s to m e rs on a re g u la r basis to b u ild new business 
M a tu re , R e lia ble, E x p e rie n c e d 
S atisfa ction G ua ra n te e d , bv a ppt 
J E R R Y H E N D E R S O N , 674-1898 

D A IR Y H E R D FO R S A LE 
_____________ 655-349o_____________ 
I d a rk p a in t g eld in g , gentle, good tra il rid e horse. $2oo 633-o633 

H A Y FOR S ALE 
Red Top Cane fe rtiliz e d , exc. to r horses o r c a t­ tle 
$2oo p e r b a le , 1 oo -$ I 75 
1-569-2124, 1-569 2537 Hiles 
H A Y G R A Z E R , e x c e lle n t fe e d 
B ig bales. $1 .SO bale in the b a rn . 
N ot less tha n IOO bales p e r o rd e r 
M r Leon, 223 6151. 
H A Y G R A Z E R $1 25 in B a rn 
I 988 2926_________________________ 
H A Y G R A Z E R , In the b a rn , no ra in , 
$1 65 
L Y T L E 
A R E A 
I 772-3736 
_________________ 
H IG G IN S G RASS F A R M S 
M ix e d B lu este m H ay $1.75 a bale 
No. I Red T op Cane $2 OO a bale 
1-947-337o; 1-947-3379. 
MERCHANDISE 

Need g ra z in g to r 25 to 7oo cows in 
South T e xa s o re a 
C a ll 237-o1 SI 
(Son 
A n to n io ), 
8.3o to 
5pm . 
M o n -F rl. 
P e a n u t H ay to r Sale. C a ll 8 to 9 a m a n d a f t e r 
7 to 
IO p m 
1-569-3262 ca n d e liv e r. 

U tr M orse M a re , W e s te rn P le a ­ s u re S a d d le a n d T a c k $35o 
W eekends and a fte r 6 696-5166 
R eg. A p p a lo o s a G e ld in g , b la c k w ith w h ite b la n k e t. IO y rs , p lu s a ccesso rie s $475 344-8o19 
R e g 
B a y B ro o d M a r e , g o o d b loo d lin e 494-3639 
R E G 
H A L F A R A B IA N M A R E . 
G ra y . 7 y rs $45o 715-575? 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
, 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES a m m m t 

'r n 
A 
K 
L a m 
\ 

GET THERE FIRST! 

CB R adio, JC P enney, SSS, base m o b ile 534-8247 

CB ra d io w ith a n te n n a $75, HO 
G u a g e E le c tr ic T ra in s e t w ith m any accesso rie s $6o 227 3433 

928 MERCHANDISE MART 

■ A bo u t 4,ooo n ew p la s tic te w e lry boxes 1x 2vj x 3' i inches, IOC each o r a ll to r $35o C all 658-3779 

A u d in g m a c h in e , S m lth -C o ro n a 
■ e le c tric , good c o n d itio n 2? 5o15 
[A d d in g m a c h in e , S m lth -C o ro n a 
■ e le c tric , good co n d itio n 827 5o15 
I A fric a n 
V io le ts. 
125o3 
Cisco, 
656-6328. 
______________________ 
[A ir c o n d itio n e r, F rie d ric h , 19,ooo 
[ B TU , 2 m o $25o 734 o227________ 

C o m l i l t 
,? .UV , ? ? C olor and b la c k and w h ite tv , re c l i i i * f r ig a r a t o r , w a s h e r , d r y e r iD in e ft Set $39, C o ffe e o n d E n d I 
I Tobies $1$, e ach 
S tove, H e a te r, 
M uch M o re IO *p m 17o5 W est Ave 
732-6595 

C B P e a rc e S im p s o n r e g e n c y sideband, 
2 ea w h ip a nte nn as 
656-o561 

CB w ith a nte nn a $5o. 
681-3467 

C h ild re n 's , L ad le s, M ens. C lothes, 
Jevvely, ond M isc 314 N W 39th 
C o id s p o t. L a rg e C h est F re e z e r, 
$175 653-96o3 

A ntiq u e liv in g ro o m suite, excel, cond. $1ooo, 674-6859 
A q u a riu m , liv in g ro o m fu rn itu re , bed ro om set, d in e tte set. tw in bed, 
4 c h a ir s , b o tte t, r e f r ig e r a t o r , clothes, la m p s, odds and ends 
8 1 4 -4 1 E 1 ._______________________ 
A q u a riu m s Salt ond F re sh W oter a ll size s a n d s h ap es 
C o m p le te w ith fish, 927 17oo 924-6326 
A rc h e ry set, B o w lin g B all, D olls, 
L a p id a r y 
E a u ip m e n t , 
H o m e 
M ovie P ro te c to r, E d ito r. S creen, 
S e w in g M a c h in e , Y a r d s a n d 
Y a rd s of M a te ria l V on O rm y E x it 
141, IH 3S South W atch F o r Sole 
Signs 

AR M Y SURPLUS & 
D A M AG ED F R E IG H T 
Wood stoves complete with pipe, SAS. Flourescent lights, space heaters, adding ma- ichines, cookstove*, doors, 
■ electric motors, fire extin ­ guishers. 1oo1 other Items. 
(Come See!! SOSS Roosevelt, 
924-S77T. 

■ A u to m a tic K e n m o re W a s h e r cycle s e x c e lle n t, U S 434 2462 

A U T O M A T IC W A S H E R , G O O D 
C O N D IT IO N C A L L SS3-7728 
A x m in is te r C a rp e tin g , R a re Op p o rtu n ity to r e x c e p tio n a l buy 13o sq yds a t *4 SO 433 $576 

 fre e z e r, 1924 L u d w ig b ab y g ra n d piano, p e rfe c t co nd $2,5oo W ur- litz e r th e a te r console o rg a n , A p ­ p ro x 3 y r o ld, $3,ooo 
L ik e new hide a bed, o cc a s io n a l c h a irs , end tables, etc 656 3311 

FR O S T F R E E re frig e ra to r $85, 2 d o o r c y c le deep fro s t $45, a p a rt- m e n t size $35,-333 5851 ___________ 
F u rn itu re -A p p lia n t es J e w e lry 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s a p p ro v e d w ith re q u ire d down p a y m e n t. C all Im - p e rio l T u rn 222 7227 416 B ra d y 
F u rn itu re , Soto, L ove sea t, C h a ir, 
Rugs, 
K a ra s ta n end 
P e rs ia n 
734-2586 
G as p a n e l h e a le r. $2o 
C h ild s c a i s e a l, $1o 
M u s ta n g b u c k e t seats, $1o ea 653 o326. 

P IN N B A L L S A N D P O O L T A 
B L E , R E A S O N A B L E 824 6854 or 
736-o618. 

G e n e ra l E le c S te re o C o n s o le , 
M a g n a ve x C olor TV 7o 
C onsole, se t of d o u b le b o x s p rin g s a n d m a t tr e s s , D o u b le b e d w it h 3 d ro w e r ch est, e x c . c o nd 
B a b y bug gy 657 o496__________________ 

G olf cTubs. 8 iro n s , 2 woods. 2 doz t 
T . . 
. 
. J b alls, bag, SUO C all b e fo re 3pm ! Po°* '■•>•*< F re d e ric k 
349 7724 

13 O U T S ID E L IG H T S 
M o u n te d on 2’ vin. in d ia m e te r g a lv a n iz e d pipe 9' fu ll pipes w ith h e a v y g a u g e g a lv a n iz e d c o v e rs o r shades 2 4 "x? 4 " son o rc L ig h t in g re c e p ta c le s s o c k e ts h o ld s 3 in c a n d e s c e n t la m p s . Id e u l to r lig h tin g d riv e w a y s cmd g a rd e n a re as and m o n y o th e i uses. Can be seen a t 2nd B a p t C h u rc h Of flee, 331o E C o m m o t ce St. P hone 
227 26o5. 
7 P iece d in e tte set SSS. 2o cu lf r e f r ig e r a t o r $8o 
4 h e a te r s . 
735-6461 1o-5 pm 

P L A N T P A R T IE S 
344 3832 

C olor TV , console, w o rk in g condi 
Hon, best o fte r. C a ll 349-o754 

C olor TV , 25" C onsole, la te m o d el, e xce lle n t $175 923 o115 
C O LO R T V , 2S" C onsole, e x c e l­ le nt co n d itio n SISO 824 97o8 
C o lo r T V , E x c e lle n t C o n d itio n 
$175 oo C oll 922 4225 
C olor TV $23o, fre e z e ! $15o, dou ble bed $4o c o rria g e -s tro lle r $25, 
673 63o6 
2 5 " C o lo r T V , L ik e N e w $175 
B la ck and W hite P o rta b le s $37.5o ond US 733 o762 

G O LF C LU B S m e n 's P ro lln e lik e new, bog ond c a rt 655 1496 
G U IT A R , G ib s o n 335 S u n b u rs t w ith cose 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
$475 924 3644 a fte r 4pm 

W iltys, 7’ w ith A c c e s s 
R e ta ils $8oo, S ell 
S3oo 655 7353 a ft Spot___________ 
P ool T a b le , 6 m o o ld , lik e n ew , 
$25o 653 8o89 

■ W A S H E R a n d d r y e r , M o y ta q , 
I a vocado g re en , lik e new $3oo o r 
■ best o ffe r 
H ig h c h a lr, *12 Coffee table, $15 6 56 o49? 
___________ 
W a s h e r C t $5o, S c h w in n b o y 's b ike $4o. 684 58o7_________________ 

W e d d in g d re s s , lik e n ew , h o lt price , 658-6649______ _____________ 

W E D D IN G D ress ond veil. size 9 
, was $2oo, sell to r IVO 654 6o59 
■68" w h ite v in y ! s le e p e r so fa , in 
I good cond. $125 82? o67?________ 
W ood W o rk in g Tools 
36ln lo the and m o to r, 1om ta b le saw w ifn m o to r s ta n d a n d e x tr a s 
A ls o o th e r w ood w o rx in q too ls. M u s t 
■ sell 
D ays 
688 3178; 
E ve n in g s 
681-3)81___________________________ 
18x24 c o ita a e fo r sale, on blocks, 
■ re a d y to m ove. I ro o m pan eled , 
I has b oth $1995. 249 2962. Box 8o7, 
Boe rn e, 78oo6 
_ _ 
_______ 
8X1o S ta h n io n n h ea vy d u ty s lo t 
| prisons L ik e new I 532 4673 

 m s ® 

 o v s 

H e ovy D u ly G F M u ltis p e e d W ash, 
E x c e lle n t $125 434 5634 a tt 6 

Q U E E N S ize C u t V e lv e t B e d s - n a n 
C iR A P f V H T ? a re a d $175. 2 R o lla w a y beds $45 
JC J tl/jfi/v .H uriLLij a nd $75. A n tiq u e F re n c h M a rb le i 
Clock $65. 681 oo81 v A K A O c 

Hereupon Sofa, C h a ir, and Coffee 
T a b le . $175 L ik e N e w 
M o v ie 
C a m e ra and P ro te c to r $1oo. F u ll 
H e a d b o a r d a n d 
F r a m e $45, 
C lothes Lon g D re s s e rs , M a te rn i­ ty , M en s Suites 38 w a ist, 44 long, a t rea son ab le p ric e s 
C all 
432-3o47 

R O A c o lo r 
F re n c h P r o v in c ia l 
S2oo L ik e n e w ' 927 582/_________ 
RCA XLIOO C alor TV w ith stand 
19" 
L ik e new 
$7oo 
2 y r old 
623 4348 

B rig h to n AM W eek 

C olor TV 19" Z e nith $15o 2 B la ck and W hite P o rt 923 7oo7 
House F u ll of F u rn itu re F o r S ale; 
534-8626 
C O M P L E T E S E T o f S p a u ld in g 
Top F lite 69 m o d e l SSS 92? 2477 
C o m p le te w h ile F re n c h P r o v in ­ c ia l b ed ro om , tw in beds, 
$295, 
656 7384 

(2) 18HP engines, e le c tric s ta rt, 
681 3169 

R e fe rig a to r Y ellow , $12$ 2 y rs old c a ll, Ott 4:oo 533 $7o7 
R E F R IG E R A T O R L a te m o d e l double door 
R easonable 
$33-791o 

C O NSO LE M o to ro la S tereo 
8 tra c k *225 653 96o3 
COOK WOOO S TO VE 
C oll A tte r 
6pm . 648-3459 

16 CU tt S ide B y S ide F ro s tle s s 
R e frig e ra to r F re e z e r, 6 m o Old 
337 684o 

IB M e le c tric ty p e rw n te r, m o d e l 
C. C h e c k w rite r P a y m a s te r. P a rty tab le w ith ch airs, 736-1o9o 
J u k e b o x e s a n d g a m e s 
C a ll 
344 7444 a tte r 4 o r w eekends 

R e tn g e r a to r , 17 cu 
It f r o s t - f r e e 
In g o o d w o r k in g co nd itio n $75 333 o221_____________ 
R e frig e r a to r c o o p e rto n e . fro s t tre e, $2oo. 696-9183_______________ 
R E F R IG E R A T O R • sm o ll, in ru n ning co nd itio n, $75. 732 42o8 
K e n m o re a u to m a tic d is h w a s h e r, 
I y r old Fo dd e rs a ir c o n d itio n e r, 
18,ooo B TU c e n tra l u n it co m p le te 
684-7246 

R id in g m o w e r. 
O rc h o rd 
6HP.3 speed 
438 

■ C H U R C H R U M M A G E S A L E 
1 L ots of clo the s 
F ri, Sot o nd Sun 
■ I? 4pm 7o3 N C o lo ra do_________ 
[E S T A T E A N O G A R A G E S A L E 
Sat 5th a nd Sun 6th L ots of fu r n i­ tu re 
Som e a n tiq u e s 
O dds a n d ends CASH O N L Y 5437 B o rc h e rs 
■ D r K irb y T e rra c e 
G A R A G E S A L E 
M o v in g M u s t 
Sell 
B aby C lothes 1o-2SC, B A B Y 
T d 'o a r [S W IN G $1o. B a th in e tte $1o, Bos 
1 sm ette $5. B ab y W e ig h t Scoles, $7, 
E tc 
N ew W igs $1 $o ea 
P o la n d 
C a m e ra $6, 3 pc. S ectio n al Couch 
$25. S ears K e n m o re D is h w a s h e r 
$25, R e c lin e r, $1$, S tro b e L ig h t and B lo ck L ig h ts , R a dios. C lo th in g and M u ch M o re , lls Sea Shell 
P l V o lle y H i 

.. and there are many more just like her in our classified 

 ad department who are specialists in writing ads that will 

 sell what you have to offer! It is her job to tell your story 

 in as few words as possible, yet make your od pull m ax­ 

 imum results in minimum time. 

She is ready to help you the second she answers your call. 

Just dial and you ll find her eager to make her od-writinq 

 experience pay off for you. Whether you want to sell, 

 buy, rent or trade, you ll appreciate the special attention 

 she gives you. She is youi specialist. 

Dial 

 d ir e c t lin e t o c l a s s if ie d a d s 

G A R A G E S A LE 
G la ssw a re , and 
D e p re s s io n , o dd s a n d e nd s. 

D a v e n p o rt and c h o ir, good c o n d i­ tio n , $25o M r a n d M rs . c h a irs , 
$1o6 342 7o49 
D e lu x e A d m ir a l 2$in c o n s o le 
. co lo r 
TV . e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 

B aby C a rria g e Cost $13$, a s k in g I £ £12111 
$35 B aby ite m s 648 o464 
B aby g ra n d L y o n and H e aley ex- 
' cond $2,295 34? 665?_________ 
V ia b v g ra n d p ia n o w ith v e ry old 

O E S K E x e c u tiv e w ooden, 72x36, w ith h tg h ba ck c h o ir. 344 6956 

K en m o re h ea vy d u ty w a sh e r ond d r y e r , H a rv e s t g o ld . $25o fo r w a she r, $2oo to r d ry e r, $4oo. to r b ath 6S7-3I2? 

R o c k w e ll e le c tric m ite r box, $125; , 
. . . . 
_ 
C ra fts m a n IO' ta b le sow , m o to r I ( Unhl 8oo4 K io to 674-7363. Frt-S u n m o old. $25o 657 2117 

K im b a ll c o n s o le p ia n o , e x c e l cond $575. 674 6o59 
K in g s iz e 
M a t tr e s s a n d 
B o x 
S pring s. 
E x c e lle n t 
Cond 
HOO 
65J-29S9 

 bench, S1Soo 224 4755 

B a nd M P o s tu re R e st D o u b le , 
E x tra F irm *12o 698-2549 
Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O ak. W a ln u t. M e ta l. E x e c u tiv e . 
S e c re to ry , S tu d e n t - la rg e selec lio n 
$69 5o a n d up 
1131 B asse 
Rd , 733 73*7, 733 94o2, 734 3oo1 
B a s s in e t. M a ttr e s s SIO 
B n b v 
Swing, C ra d le set. good cond $18 
* m on ro t!, o ars, seal $45 P o rta ­ ble GE 4 c y c le d is h w a s h e r $7o. 
*71 83o8 n r A i i T i c i n i v u . n H . r n i , . , D IN E T T E Set. 6 c h o irs , ta b le , b e a u t i f u l l y H a n d c r a f t e d ,nr n . , , a ,an ■,< ass. es so 
. . - I - m r m ien lop sos a z z -v jjv 

D in e tte , d r e s s e r , h e o d b o a r d , m a ttress, s p rin g , a ll n e w ; c h a irs , gas logs, c a rp e t 1344-515o 

G ra n d fa th e r C lo c k to r s a le bv o w n e r D u n ca n P hyte m a h og an y. tem pts fu g it w a rk s . W e s tm in is te r ch im e s $41o fir m PE3-12o9 
B ed. K in g s iz e , n e v e r used, s till p a c k a g e d , e x tr a f ir m ( W o r th 
$48o1 c o m p le te $171 
In c lu d e s IO y r g u p r o n le e o n d d e liv e r y . 
UsuoMy hom e 684-o234___________ 
B e d ro o m set. c o m p le te , m a p le , 
$35o. W ro u g h t iro n and oak h e a d ­ b o a rd . f u ll siz e 
$4$ 
L ik e n ew h id e a b e d . $22$ 
W a s h e r a n d d ry e r, lik e new, $25o set W ilt set! s e p a ra te ly U p rig h t fre e z e r. $17$ 
W rou g ht iro n telephone table. $2o 
[T a b le la m p , $3o 
T V . IS " b la c k and w h ile , $45 L iv in g ro o m sofa and c h o ir, lik e new, $3oo 6t6-3?oo 
B ed ro om suite d bl bed. d re sser, v a n ity tob te 648 oo74_____________ 
B e d ro o m s u ite . S e e rs F re n c h 
P r o v in c ia l. O p e d lc a u r in m a t­ tre ss set SSOO. VW ro o t ra c k , $8 

D ish w a she r. F rlg la o ire p o rta b le . w o rk s , *4$ 73? 7o29______________ 

D IS H W A S H E R M a g ic C hef p o rta ­ ble, d elu xe m o d el, e x c e lle n t con d itio n $l$o 432 8194 
Dog houses. G e rm a n S h e p h e rd su e, t a D E L IV E R E D SSS 2363 
D o ub le bed, c u s to m m o d e, c o m ­ plete w ith sheets S1oo 653 95o9 

K IN G SIZE W A T E R B E D to b -to S l 
K u s to m P A 2oo goo d c o n d itio n 
C o lu m n speakers, $36o 69* 86Si 
L a d ie s p a n ts u its , lo c k e ts , c o o r­ d in a te s . fa m o u s n a m e b ra n d s , sam ples, su es $-12 Shoes, boots 
*$8 3347 u tte r 6 p m _______________ 
L a rg e C h in a C a b in e t” P o id *$oo s a c rific e 
$3oo o r best o tte r 
441-SUB 
L a rg e K n o tty P ine ch ina c a b in e t w ith lig h t, cost $4$o. S ta u ffe r e x ­ e r c is e c o u c h $2$ a n d 16 c u I t u p r ig h t fre e z e r, p e r fe c t c o n d ., 
$125 337-674o s u i bs, le ft h a n d e d h u n tin g b ow . 
4 a lu m in u m a rro w s O rd l l w ood 
G u tto i epiphone, in a re a l shape 
I C o lle c to r s Ite m 
E le c tr ic W in 

1976 R O T O T IL L E R . IH P . s tic k sh ift, p o w e r re v e rs e , L ik e new, 
492 11o9 

I R o ya l D o uito n ch ina p late . ES492, 
29 aes 
$1*o. 
N ew 
B ra u n fe ls , 
*29 1o9o 

I 
R U G E R 
, M in i 14 L ik e new SUS C A 1 I3 9 6 
S a fe . 3' n 2 ' i. 2 h o u r, 2ooo de- grees $1oo W eekdays 434 49o9 
S ansui, a m p p i e a m p a n d tu n e r, 
S on y tu r n ta b le , a p a ir 3 -w a y sp ea kers S/oo. 344 131o__________ 
S E L L IN G A L L F U R N IT U R E S al o nd Sun 17o5 W est A ve_________ 

 i set E n c y c lo p e d ia . R e ta ils new 
$6oo W ill sell to r $9oo L ik e new 
I r e c lin e r , $4$ 
S te re o . *3 $ 
TV stand, SS C oll 684-137o a n y tim e s m ith Corone; p rta b ie ty p e w rite r, 
(e le c tric m odel 12o *9*-t«os 

G A R A G E S A LE B ic y c le IO speed 
$4o, c a m p in g e q u ip m e n t, p a rts for 
'*9 XL F o rd , ch ain lin k fence 499 a n d d o u b le a o te SISO a n d lo ts m o re , o tte r tom . 923 o99o 
G A R A G E S A L E 
J e w e lry , s ilv e r a n d g o ld . A n tiq u e d is h e s o n d m isc. I buy le w e lry 
734-3343, $21 
W H ild e rb ro n d 
G A R A G E S A LE 
L a rg e ro o m a ir ' c o n d itio n e r, 9x12 c a rp e ts , stereo console w ith A M F M ra d io books 
(a n d m isc 
Morns 
7oo2 W ild te rn 
684 o914______________________________ 

[G a ra g e S a le . $th 6 th F e b 
9 to i 6um 65o6 Q uiet F o re s t C a m e lo t l l 

H o u s e h o ld ite m s , c lo th e s , ru g s , 
■ n u t to v Cee, 333 o9o6 

I M O V IN G LOI ae o o ru g e S u it 281 j Nm KH to 1811 P a ih q v en CA SH 
[M o v in g Sale, re g u la tio n pool lo 
I ble, w ith slate bed, $45o L ik e new 
_______________________ ru s tic tov. s e a l, 1195 
2#' S p o rt 
S O F A and m a tc h in g c h o ir , l l ” .m a n s T ro ll $1.o T iffa n y tile w ash 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 

ADDITIONS 

C A R P E N T R Y 

2 d re s s e rs , I b e d ro o m set, I ho sp ito l bed $32-1o67 o tte r 6 
D re s s e r, 
H oover 
6$$ 1614 

S p a n is h w ith m i r r o r ; 
D ial a m a lic v o iu u m 

D r ill p re s s , c o m m e r c ia l b a n d s a w , ' ] h o r s e p o w e r a ir c o m p re s s e r, QRroy q.m 878 o92$ 
D R Y E R $$o 
o24 3944 o fte r $ 
D u n c o n P h y te c o u c h , s w iv e l ' 
- •• • . 
. . 
, rtu rin Zinnia sal rh in o m istrial 
* d iam o n d rin g 
I *S C a ra t 
(•la irs d in in g set, c h in e ca bin e t. 
C h ip p e n d a le s e c re ta ry , b u ffe t. 
Y ash ica A lo ro n c a m e ra . *4o W ig [ tw in or bunk beds, rnople d in in g 
- - t il* 1 1 1 ond cose, $1$ 654-233$ 
I sot, hutch, b e d ro o m suite, coffee 
B E D S ! K in g s iz e m a ttre s s on box end tobies 64o-3*92______________ s p rin g s , *7o T w in bed o n d m o t ! E a rly A m e ric a n w in g b a c k seta. tre ss, $34 T w in bed c o rn e r tab le , i ta b le s , la m p s , a ls o o th e r so fa , 
$4$ w ro u g h t trg n b re a k fa s t tab le c h a irs , re c lin e r , D u n c a n P h y l* 
M 4 
'* tb # 9 d b ,M table, c h a irs , b uffet, w a ln u t ch ina 
<92 2o47_____________________ _____ c a b in e t, d in e tte , steve, b e d ro o m 
B ed. tw in , w o o d fo o t a n d h e a d j se* E x tra beds, b un kbe d s. chest. b a w d . s p re a d SIS, 733 27o7 
I bos h o o te rs 117 7125____________ 
B IG S A L E * US a m ir blocks, oils, 
317 E M y rtle e ft N M cC u llo u g h 
S teve, re frtg . co uch , c h a ir, w a r 
| d ra b *, d re sser, box s p rin g s , m a t tre ss, bed, tables, la m p s, h ea ters, b re a k a b ack, old ro d io re c o rd p la y e r 
_______________ 
I F e n d e r a m p lifie r , tw in re v e rb lik e new ' i p r ice 6*1 3913 
■ Fine c ry s ta l s ilv e r, ch ina C h airs, j la d y 's m in e s , m isc 828 o»44___ 
F ie * Steel g eld , v e lv e t sofa, 97 \ i e xcellen t 835o *53 J $o9 

 pene s. * l » f * * . fo re ig n 82* 186/ 

B o w s . 
J e n n in g s 
C o m p o u n d . 
H e rte rs la k e d o w n , H o n e y w e ll slid e p re le c to r. N ta g ra v ib ra tin g e le c tric c h a ir, 678-1o7o 

B o y's clothes, s u e s l l m os . 2yrs. e xcel cond *5 * 1981_____________ d ro s s 2 lin fir e p la c e se t 
P in * p ic tu re fra m e s *24-1317 
B R ID A L G O W n T e e l I 
'C e d a r 
C hest; C h in a , B a r sto o ls, m is c . 

H o lto n P ro v in c ia l, S IS* 6S3-1I59 
Soto, c h o ir C olonial h o ra l Wood 
[trim , 4 m o old 344 $4oo__________ j §4to, 
IOO long g re en v e lv e t. 
■OII 2819 
» » * " • '* » * - 
SO T AS I c o n te m p o r a r y *7$ 
I j tra d itio n a l $85 826-51o1 
________ 
S o n y 
H P l i d 
A M F M 
■ r e c e iv e r - tu r n to b le w ith F is h e r 
XP6SS s p e a k e rs , $25o 
S u n la m p 
I with hmer, $*o 34? o u i ________ 
Sony S IR 7o25 R e c e iv e r L ab IOO 
; Sem i A uto T u rn ta b le . S ro c k tope deck, I sound 8oo s p e a ke r svtem s 
■ C a ll o tte r 7: p m 532 *837 
Spanish Coffee Table H orn M a rty t f t * 824 7*19 

S pa n ish V in y l D en Set, *75. Ice c re a m tr e a te r , lls , S e w in g M a ­ c h in e w ith c a b in e t needs re p a ir 
SIO, S panish O in m g R oom F ix tu re and K itc h e n 684 4639____________ 

S P E A K E R S tw o la rg e r A d v e n t, good c o n d itio n *9 ! U IS , 484 9272 
A s* fo r Scott 
S T E R E O . M U S T S E L L 
G o o d 
; c o n d itio n 923-4$ 11 
S te re o I tra c k to p e p la y e r w ith sp e a ke rs and a m p s*o 
344 / 444 
BWB f 4 3EFM. 
S TO V E a v o c a d o g re e n gas. Ilk * new. $9 5 34 1 2471 

 w e a ve r scope o nd cose 317 6778 
L E A V IN G TO W N , m u s t s e ll o il a pp lia n ces ond fu rn itu re . 
C oll 
411-2411 
[L IN O L E U M S A LE 
H eovy V in y l 
■ L in o le u m $4 9$ Sq Y d For C le a r a n c * L in o le u m R e m n a n ts . W o n 
P a p e r 9Bc SI BO P E R R O L L 
IN 
■ SIO E L A T E X SS.9S G al E x t* r .o r 
■ L a te x H ouse P a in t. B e s t G ra d e 
$• 95 G al T e rm s $13 7149 1413 S 
H a c k b e rry G e rh a rd ts 

 to ta l w e ig h t O nly s e rio u s in g u lf- 

M in o lta SRT 3o1 w ith S4 m m lens, in COS* $354 7T4 949Q 
_ 

M is c e lla n e o u s h o s p ita l ite m s to r s a l* h o s p ita l boa a nd m a ttre s s , w heel c h a ir, in v a lid w a lk e r, p o r­ ta b le c o m m o d e , a ll ite m s tik e now 1)1 8o )5 _____________________ 
M o to r o la Q u a s a r l l c o lo r TV 
M e d ite r r a n e a n c o n s o l* 
2$ in . scre e n $144 818-3B77 o tte r * 

M o to ro la 8 tra c k storoo and ra d io , consol#, 
$22$ e t best o tte r 
4S2-B443 
M O V IN G 
M u s t soh m y o n* % eof 
Old e ft W h ite D re a m B e d ro o m 
S uite , C a lifo rn ia K in g s iz e B ed 

(s ta n d , s l i d 
1929 R o p e r C o o k steve. SISO V ic to ria n B u ffe t, t i l e 
L ik e new b ab y sw ing, SJO E a rly 
A m e ric a n c o c k ta il tables. SIO ea 
I B uoy tu rm tu re , p rim itiv e s , g lass 
[w a re , s m a ll y a rd tools, m isc hou se ho id 
P ric e s f ir m , ca sh o n ly 
Fob I. 4, I t ll 
8A M to SPM, 1619 
I D eer Run, 494 5169 
Son-s.n o ii sam ple sole v a rie ty al 
■ m e rc h a n d is e , e v e ry th in g a t cost ond below 8631 F a irh a v e n , T u rtle 
[C reek A pis p a rty ro o m 
93o IBOW itttW ftia 

A ntiques, A p p h o n te s , F u rn itu re 

Wt PAY MORE 
E states. A n y th in g of va lue fro m one piece to h ou sefu l Cad 
313 4755 A n y tim e 
E st 
1949 

A 
C O M P L E T E 
H O M E 
R E M O D E L IN G A N O R E P A IR 
S E R V IC E b o o m a d d itio n s , g a r age e nclo su re , kitch en , p a n e lin g s h e e tro c k , ta p in g o n d flo a tin g , c o n c r e t e w o rk 
D a y s c a ll 
712-8314, a tte r 
5pm . 
711 794$, 
M W R . 
A d d itio n s a n d re m o d e lin g 
F a n la th e s a vin g s C oil m e 914 78o8 
R e lia b le C a rp e n te rs 
A d d itio n s . 
C o n c re te , G e n e ra l R e m o d e lin g 
R e a s o n a b le E s tim a te s * 3 ** o 9 7 a tte r 6pm 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 

C 6 $ LUMBER 

A c o m p le te r e p a ir s e rv ic e -c a r h 
■ try , re m o d e lin g 657 412o 

A ll ty p e s c a rp e n try w o rk 
A ls o r o o tin g , p a in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n quo tinh-ed 
No lo b too sm a ll 
4 $4-W TI, j 

 in s id e or O utsid e p a in tin g , b a th ro o m f lo o r r e p a ir s , a ls o a n y c a rp e n try w o rk . F re e e stim a te s 
4*9-1479 j 
P ro fe s s io n a l c a rp e n te r, n ew ad d itie n s . re m o d e lin g , g a r a g e s . p o in tin g , ro o tin g , aloe tr ic o t and p lu m b in g w o rk 
New b a th ro o m s , also re p a ir w o rk 
L ew o v e rh e a d 
R e a s o n a b le p r ic e s 
A ll w o rk 
{ u a ro m eed Ask fo r M r C ress a l 
I t *o75 

CARPET SALES A 
SERVICE 

FIRE A BSQ WOOO 

F ire w o o d E lm . M e sq uite , i c 
*1$ I 379 9 549 a lle r 4 p m 
_ 

F IR E W O O D FO R S A LE ~ 
922-*/*$ a lte r to m 

FIREWOOD 
M e sq uite S II /*22 

S to v e . S IS , C o u c h . *2 $ 
T e le visio n *15 317 47*3 a n d 

S tudent g u ita r, * p iece d in e tte set 
„ 
.lim u ius 8 pc G orge o us 
SIKH) N ew . t esc 
T a a ^ T n siam. c h i ci ,k . a a e aaa .aa i i 
H 
- c o lo r c o m b in a tio n tC C O Ilf p lo v e r an 
A M F M ra d io . 
*3oo, 
694-9111 

M o v in g M u s t sell A ta r *. 6*4-443$ 
FO R S A L E 
E le c tr o n ic E a u ip - 
" m e n ! also m a g n e tic re c o rd e r lo p * 
I in on 74oo re e ls 
O p a q u e p ro te c to r ond m o re *7$ 71)4 
For Sol# 
J* M e ta l F ro m * C h airs 
G oo d to r S c h o o l 
N u r s e r y o f 
R e s ta u ra n t 
O ne w a lk in c o o le r w ilt boid up to I kegs ut beer 

N ow *97$ G ibson F re e z e r, l l cu It u p rig h t p e rte r I co n d itio n used 2 y rs t i l * E le c tric I* c o rd O rg a n 
■ used I h r |9B Y ou m ove it. C w t IT V 
; T hom pson D a ys 221 271o 

B i u t case te lep ho n e w ith a ll oc c e s s e r !* * a n d h e a v y d u ty c h a rg e r 
Id e a l to r b u s in e s s m a n 
■42MIT4. 1 4 2 -B lti 
B ru n e W tph-W ah h oo t . used J tim es, p e tte d cond $3* 69o 1358 

B u n k b e d s c o m p le te 
*6o S e a rs I m T * P * 2 c ic e r o s * ! 
SIS H y d ro p o o l b a th 
— 
$7$ s$3 784/ a fte r l l noon 

B u n k b o d * . ne m a ttre s s e s . *4$ 
S tu rd y c h ild s desk c h o ir co rn bin a lie n . *28 
H e a v y w o o d a t t ic * s w iv e l c h a ir. $38 G irls clo th e s . su e 3. som e lee tw in s l i e 799* 
Bunk B ed * o r T w ins D in e ltd , B e d ro o m Set, Sofa. Loveseat. C h o ir, I 
B ra s s H e a d b o a rd , F u r lo u n g e r. ■ 
W asher. D ry e r. Stove. D ouble or 
Queen S ue Bed. A ll L ik e New 
6*4-1114 
C a m e ra s 
F la * Im p a rte d , L etc os I 
Canon. N ik o n f I Leas. B a rg a in 
Sell O ut O I b o u r $31 16*9 

C o rp o ts a nd P ads, I le IS y e llo w sh op t i t * t a l l b ro w n a nd p aid plush 817* T w in Bod P ra m # . Box 
S p rin g s . P o s tu re M a ttre s s $144 
L ie * N ew 
M o w e r, needs re p a ir t i * 411-1117 j 
C a s h r e g is t e r s , c a s h r e g is t e r ■ p ap er, ic * m a c h in e s beer boxes, m a n y m g r* H em s *11-7977, 39*3 

Cast Hen tub, ie va tory, coma*##* I 

FOR SALE 
P riv a te W ine Ce na c­ tio n , 22* B O H I** o I 
14o B o m * 
W in * R acks F re n c h a na C a hier m a *$ * 2799 

F R E E E Y E G L A S S A D J U S T 
M E N T * 
S p e c ta c le Shop B ro ok hallow C enter IS I? * son P ed ro 
F re e zer. 23 cu It Chest, U w s a tu re 
E x c e lle n t C o n d itio n W h ite BT so. 
W A N K 
" 
F re e z e r. 1/ cg ft fro s t fre e Cold spot, new c o m p re s s o r 921 999$ 
F R E E Z E R , G ib son u p rig h t. IS 7 , cu l l . , lik e n e w . 8171 
R e c e n t ( N o m 81 SO and up H H B o s s * Rd m o d e l W h it* z ig z a g s e w in g m o 
733 /347. 734 l o l l ch ine w ith c a b in e t, *2oo F o r ap I p o in tm e n ! c a ll O I* 9718 

M o v in g , m u s t se ll e v e ry th in g in house G as stove. 82oo R e trig e r a ta r. $2o4 W asher. 82oo A ll new seta. SJO O ld to ld d ow n desk, 84o 
C e d a r ch est. 84o 
W ro u g h t ir o n table, 4 c h a irs , s is * Teal*, saws. 
OIa b o m **, dishes d ia m o n d rin g s , 
I O ft 128 7444________________ 

N A T IV E W IL O P L A N T S 
C ollected tor tra n s p la n tin g 
N u t F ru it S ho d * T re e * 
F ru it and F lo w e r V ines 
U n u su a l P la nts i 
CRR 7 2 2 -IT ll to r m fg 
N ew c o nd itio n I lo vose a t*. c h a ir. 
Spanish s ty !* 8148 488- *111 

OFFICE CHAIRS liv e S e c re to ry , Oc 

Z e n ith - c o le r , 
4 1 9 *. co nso l* *4o, d is h w a s h e r,**$ 
224 2441 

B R IT T A N C IA t i l E n c y c lo p e d ia . ar lote e d itio n of W o rld Book A lso 
M adonna A le x a n d e r D o lls 
N e w 
■ B f Q uinols i 43$ $6$«_________ b u y in g la te m odel re frig e ra to rs . fre e z e rs nee ding re p a ir 3411*4$ 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
B uy. Sell, T rade, R epair j $121 SAN F E D R O 
828 1317 
CASH far yo u r Used P iano 
_______ 114 / t i l or 114 HOI 
D IA M O N D S 
W illia m s, 227 87o1, ISO E H ouston 
D in in g set w a n te d , to p q u a lity , 
!h o ra woods p ro le i le d 733 o 11$ 

 r n BUY ANYTHING 
TH A T D O E SN T E A T " ) 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
I _______ 433 1o4o Of 633 o34o 
W A N T E D 
A f r ic a n g a m * l r * p h i* * 
A ls o b e a r ru g s 
R a il top desk M on F n / 34 2o78 

464/ R O O S E V E LT 
934 85>6, 974-o*57 

A I C le a n in g S p e c ia l ro o m , d in in g ro o m loose ru g s 
*14 St. 
317-14o4 
12* 83o1 

GOOD W OOD. 8*o c o rd d e liv e re d 
977-9*41 
, 
O akw ood d e liv e re d 84o tru c k lo a d 
494 175o 

W ood d e liv , flo c k e d , a n y s u e ( 
J ju m ^ lU tH ik u jiJ o o rl^ S S /^ H /l 

FOUNDATIONS 

A A F o un d attarv House L e v e lin g 
F o u n d a tio n R e p a ir, fx o e r ia n c # and R e lia ble. 823-171$ 

"a c e Co n s t r u c t i o n 
H o ne st h a rd w o rk in g F o r a bet ta t 
L iv in g ta r lob, c a ll us. 3o9 3293, 22* o9ie 

111 
V U ? 
* L A M O 
F O U N O A T IO N ' CO 

A S P H A L T 
CHILDCARE 

A S P H A L T R I P A IR IN G A N D 
P A TC H W O R K We da d riv e w a y s , g ra v e l w o rk . No tab too b ig o r too em ail F lo e e stim a te s C all J A P 
A S P H A L T CO *7 4 /2 4 4 __________ 
P ro fe s s io n a l fin is h o r d riv e w a y s . patios, w a ils, slabs w a lk s , new or 
• e p o irs w ith b on d c e m e n t, o lso 
I a s p h a lt w o rk 
G u a ra n te e d w o rk 
■ ' > o tt till M a rc h 
L ow o v e rh e a d 
H o ne st, re a s o n a b le p ric e s 
A sk 
■ to r M r C ross o f 149 *o7* 

E x e c u tiv e , s e c re ta ry , o c c a s io n a l U p ho lste re d, v in y l and gen uine le a th e r 
A il b e a u tifu l 
O v e r 2oo c h a ir s to c h o o s e fro m 
P ric e d 

L awn 
433 9172 m o w e r e nd o th e r ite m s 

C e s t h o p w e e d h e a le r * 
C o ak s ie ve s w ith w a rm in g o ven N ow io n O F F a t yo u r G e n e ra l S tere • 
E IG ! OF B O E R N E o tto I I* 39 g a l wash p ats L ets e l c ro c k e ry w a r* 
849 2*46, 
D O W N TO W N 
BOERNE 

FREIGHT SAI YAM 
B ent Sleet P ipe 

F (b e rp la ts Tubs B S hew ers 
W ater H e ate rs 
Steel Tubs 
Cost Iro n Tubs 
Si m s L a v e r a ta ri* * 
M o n y O ther Hem s 

________324 o*72_______ 

F R 1o 1o A I R C b u m in d is h w a s h e r , 19 m o n th s e ld 
C o ll 
494 7 444 a n t i e p m 
____ 
P rtp td a ire A u to m a tic W asher t * I , 
43* 3o17 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
E v e ry th in g M u st Go 
Desks. C h a irs . C redenzas 
C u bicles etc. 
M a rtin o M o n d a y I Cgm 

2oS E . T ra v is 73* 289* 

4 Be B e d ro o m s e t, d r a s t ic a lly re d u c e d 8119 F irm le i 49*6 
P h u tg g rp p tu c r o t o r y p rin t d ry e r- poed c t e f h t e * S I* 47F381* 
P ia n o w ith b e n c h co nso le ca te r 
TV. best o fte r *4 1 /1 8 * com e a nd 
SPP. 
F la n # w ith b e n c h 'S lo t d e liv e re d 
434 4949 

T w in M a ttre s s and Box S pring s 7 
■ W ». 6*187*6. 
Tw o in v a lid W a lke rs, I p la in . 814 
11 tdtdtng, 82* I24188)_________ 
U N IT E D F R E IG H T S A LE S 
No I 
........................ 
164 E L A M A R 
Ne 3 
16416 P E R R IN B E IT E L . . . . . . . 
, 
J___ 
F ine F u rn itu re 
F ra c tio n et re ta il W onted S u rv e y in g e q u ip m e n t ^ 

US E O 4 tt cn oin (ink fen ce end d oors, + or 
JOO t i , 277 von 8 It 
F lo u re d em fix tu re s and tubas I O , —------- ft fla g p o le , tir e e x tin g u is h e r, 2 
W onted c o m m e rc ia l flo o r s c ru b b e rs, w a lk 
34t OOO) m o ts , $oo new p h o n o g ra p h n e * dies, p e g b o a rd ond m isc d is p la y tables 
C ooper. 349 SOU, n igh ts. I 
. 788-4BI8 
Used Office Furnrturt j desks, c h a irs , ty p e w rite rs , a dd in g m a ch ine s M o re 1 349 2474 _______ 

U S E D R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7o7 W EST A V E . 734 4337 
V e lv e te e n lo ve se at *9$, d o u b le bed w ith good m a ttre s s and box s p rin g 84$ sin gle bed w ith good m a ttre s s a nd box s p rin g $4$ and g im o st new Spanish s ty le dresser i 898, 784-o914 
! 
V E N D IN G M a c h in e s W o n te d ™ * oz lu ic e ca n s u e o n ly a tte r 4 p m i 4*4-811* 
_ 

 t V E N T U R A BASS G U IT A R nice style, q u a lity in s tru m e n t 434 SS*$ 
SVW tire s , I lk * n ew w ith r im s j St I L O ft stave 83* *24 o 4 7 *_____ 
W A N T C O t im M a g n a v a . 
RCA 
Of Zenith less tha n I y r eld Rea conable ta r cash ««3 *9*8 
W A N T I p 
'""L 
' ’ M G N A R ic 
E ME RC V C IB 
C A L L R M f » 

 w a n t e d f r e e F ir e w e e d 2 p ro fe s s io n a l w o o d c u tte rs , to r j C to a n n g to n d 49S 9H 3 

 good c o n d itio n M ike Hedges 9*1 
S id n e y B a k a l S ou th, K e r r v in e 
171*28 $12-o94 7*4o 
Used 
P ow er 
P la nt. 

We buy F u rn itu re , A p p lia n ce s 
E sta tes A ntiq u es G lass w a r* etc 

BEST PRICES PAID 
532 6641 
4$$ 3714 a n y tim e . 4$$ 4*14 eves 
JO H N A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
L icen se e and B ande J B u ye rs 
We goy cash tor rifle s shotguns. p is to l* 734 1794 h i p a v c A in 
F o r G eed Used F u rn itu re 

FAHCfTT FURNITURE et* Detox ase 
:i> s it / 

We Pay Mora Cash 
Per T h at G ood P la ne 
T h at yo u a re n e t u s in g 
P le a s e 
COM M r Leon at 1 23 -e tft 

IT S B A l V TO P L A C B A 
E X P R E S S N EW S 
W A N I A D l l * leek 

ASPHALT-CONCRETE 
WORK 

A l 
C o n c r e te fo u n d , p a tio s , a s p a h it d r iv e w a y s le a d e r to r r e nt t i c B anded $3* 144o_______ 
AM T ru e s et C o ncrete W ork 
! 
R a fo o t, 924-7o98 j 
A s p h a lt c o n t r a c t o r 
S e a lin g p a v e d a s p h a lt d riv e w a y s C la rk 
A s p h a lt* CaM a n y tim e , 1 3 /U IS 
BEST P R IC E > FAST S E R V IC E 
P a tio s , d r iv e w a y s , a n y t h in g 
917 37o7 nde or a gy 917 1737 
C a l l V C O N S T R U C T IO N C on c re te S la p*, fo u n d a tio n s p a tio * p o rc h e s , d riv e w a y * , s id e w a lk s , a nd a s p h a lt $33 o *28_____________ 
C o n cre te , b ric k a nd re e k w a rk 
P a tio s d riv e w a y s , fo u n d a tio n * 
711 $416 Or 41$ *449. COH R ic h a rd 

C O N C R E T E W O R K 'P A T IO S . 
S id e w a lk > D riv e w a y s 111 1141 
D isco u nt on a ll co nt re t* , ro c k end m a s o n ry w o rk 
D o n * now 
F ro * est A n y tim e 37* 44S9 S II $718 
D r iv e w a y * , p a tio s , w a lk s , re m o d e lin g and m e ta l b io g * C all t i l s i l l gr f l / tsoo 

JA L C onst! o r hen c o n c re te w a lk of OM k in g s 
Hews* p a in tin g a na ro o fin g ‘B est p ric e rn tow n l h 
14*4 C om 13/4211 o r 111 1*43 

A ny age L icen se d SIS w eek 
______________731716$ 

C h ild c rirv fen ce d y a rd Iro n ! arid b ack. o * e t 3-4. to u r b lo c k s fro m 
F a rt Sam 814 1 *4$_______________ 
C h u a la r* m y lice n sed hom o, e lf 
West A ve 144 6/79 
D ay c a re ape 6-1o. MOP F r i Lie hem e, su pe rv is e d c a r* V a le n c ia 
Be tty C a rr. 458 7 791 
O B E S D A Y C A R E C E N T E R 
*41 
G ut! 
St t o m to m 
216 7611 or 
S II to ur. 
K x p c h ild c a re m y h om e. n ta h ts 
Com evontags- 337 6 o 9 * 
_ 
R e g iste re d c h ild c a re in m y haws*. 
Ceterne* N o rth o re a . M I 74o8 

L e v e lin g . L e p e r a n d C o n c re te p ie rs F re e In s p e c tio n 413 s o t* 
A ll F o u n d a tio n R epon 
A r * y o u r d o o rs d ra g g in g W a lls c ra c e in g t C o il 514 411o a n y tim e 
L n o o s e d o n d In tu i e d __ 
A L I P H A SE S OF F O U N D A T IO N 
R E P A IR S 
A lso Sin att C a rp e n try 
W ork 
A lt W ork G uar 
F re e * st 
927-8BB4. 
F o u n d a tio n s, d riv e w a y s , a n d pa tips 
V e ry reasonable 
C all 
1 984-TEM. 
R e lia b le m a n to de fo u n d a tio n re p a ir* end house le v e lin g S olis ta c tio n g u a ra n te e d 
N e lo b la 
■ s m a ll C oli s i* 55/1 

H ANDYM AN 

 h a n d y m a n 

LU M BER YARDS 

Phi! Echavarria 

Stanley Helmke 

Raul Perales 
SAY "C A L L OR SEE M R A T ' 

M offifl Lumber Cl. 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
' D epe n da b le Since 1935" 
4o7 N / a r ru m o r Cl 412 / H I 

M IL D EW R EM O VIN G 

HQUSEMASKING 
M ove Y ou r House W ashed B efo re 
Y ou P o in t P re s e rv e s P a in t Joes 
R e a l C le a n in g , P a in tin g . A n y 
T yp e R e p a irs F r g * E s t 
G e r ry 
Hom e Im p ro v e m e n ts le t 1 9 t| 

PACKAGING 

I a hi a ssem bly and p at k u g in u by 
H andle up w e th e rs a nd non g ru n t 
H iH le K jd jie o rk U s to B J X ^ J U * /^ 

P A IN TIN G . PA PER IN G 
PLA STER IN G 

A 
G a rc ia P a in tin g C o n tra c te r 
F re e E st In t E X I 734 1844______ 
F re e E s tim a te s A rth u i P a in tin g 
C o n tr a c te r in t e r io r , e x te r io r 
A coustic c e ilin g 418 I le i 

G e rh a rd ts SIJ 71o# 
H r lia b le E s tim a te * en F a in tin g 
P a p e rh a n g in g . S h e e tro c k . W in d a w G la s s . R e p a ir s 
B u d g e t t e r m s 1*11 S H a c k b e rry 

PLU M B IN G 

M a s te r p lu m b e r, 3o y r * e x p e r 
.•enc*, new b a th ro o m fix tu r e * in 
.s lu lie d , re m o d e lin g , a ll ty p e s a l p lu m b in g I aw o e e rh e o d H onest re a s o n a b le p ric e s G u a ra n te e d w o rk o ff til M a rc h Ask to r M r 
C ross o t 34* *o7 J 
W e M S W Or y o u r'(V R Io s if S ew ers, li ney ta u t et*, w a te r h ea ters, a ny 
Hype re p a ir or n ew in s ta lla tio n 
(T e x a s P lu m b in g C o , Inc 
41o A b io u d w o y C a ll a n y tim e l i e TSOI 

ROOKING 

 r r H t M f W T V ^ r gw :: lab 1 ig h t m e fir s t lim e N ew »oats, ro o t le p u u s af a il ty p e s F ro * est. 
*55 1o19 

 c l A i k i 
W Z W fT H Z 
R h M O D E L IN G 
F ro * 
124 I I J I 
B kt 

SEW ING M ACHINE 
REPAIRS SERVICE 

T K # M jn 7 * i3 T 4 p o T r ^ r e r !r T ^ T 1 f 
M akes F ie * in shop e s tim a te s 
3*21 W est A y * , 344 9671 

SHEETROCK 

T o p m p ’T T m B T IT n gT H M T o nT 'T n? 
A co u stica l Moo son ob ie, SM OOO! 

TREE SERVICE 

A,T T m ,'f iiU j w r r irTn 
C U T . 
T R I M M E D , 
H A U L E D a w a r 
F re e E st 
R e lia b le M on i l l U PI 521 1*47 i f f * ' I S t t v R e a o iT ” 
Honest ja w a m a * *24o79* 
D a y s 

D IR T SAND G R A VEL 
F IL L TOPSOIL 

A 
B a r re n 
A il ty p e s d ir t s a n d < g rq e o i Y ea, ro u n d d el 428 OIS/ 

A C T IO N DE L IV E RS FO R LESS 
M O N E Y , 
SM 2947 a n y tim e 
*116o64___________________________ 

A l R IC H T O P S O IL 
M ix L o a m la n d 
A ls o la w n a n d c a r d o n * 
F ertlM zer ay lo ad (C ow M a n u re ), qqg9lif*o. 227-4414 

B E L G IA N G A N O E N T O F S O IL 
B est q u a lity , a ls o s e n d to p s o il m ix 4 119329 
433-1*o# 
D IR T G R A V E L S AN D OR L O A M 
B A IL E Y 
6So 1782 
D irt To pso il Song G ra v e l Lea rn 
B a y H e n d rix Den ve t od M i l * * * 
- oadm g ric h to p sa il le arn l$ 9 l S 
WW W hite Md 64) 213) 

HAULING A M OVING 

H A U L IN G A N D OU M F ING 
H e y I ' j ton H u c k s i l l I M I ___ 
H A U L IN O A p p lia n c e s " fur a ltu re clean g a ra g e s lunk i l l J9tv 
Choga_________ 
____________ 
D O N T H A U L IN G A N D M O V IN G 
I piece gr house tun 
D ay or N it* 
A F T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
48* SIES_____________ w rit do m o v in g a n d h a u h n u Y a rd 

HOME IM PR O VEM EN TS 
M A INTENANCE 

K itc h e n c a b in e t* e n trq u e d e n d re g po .m in * A ls * lig h h un t ca r 

F to a 9 to g .j n t . r m r t . . e r r . , 
A i* . ?7— 
-j y 
S Z X i i to k e n 

W TTZs. 
'“ "O * "* 
* » ' [do w n F re e h a u lin g M I 7*87 f MTU ?' u t-V rim engr! - Up ala i. 
H a n g in g 
F a in tin g 
W o rk 
I 
( t o to-FT to tot mmofmempevr** 
Jack 
W M tam s TR E E S 

F a a * 
G u a ra n te e d 
R e fe r e n c e s F u r rushed Cern m e r e ta l a n d R asiden nor 
R eusonaO i* 
849 7922 
P a p e rin g . P u m iin g 
P a n e lin g , 
Sheet 
Rock 
R e p a ir 
L a n d ry 
7 IS -to to 
F E R E Z A SONS F A IN T IN G in to n e r. 
E x te rio r 
F ro * 
B el 
I 488-RN t 
P L A S T E R IN G P a tc h in g , s tu c c o i w it o . 
F ro * 
E st 
M r 
Leper, 
*33 9787 
I] 
R ay re Fam tsaa g ad H e use 'W ash j m g Rem ove M n a ew D ir t B o h *!* 

Fre e 
E st 
412 847* 
J B 8 8 IB 
413 71*8 

T o p S o il, G r a v e l D e liv e r e n d g e n try R easonable 784 9*77 
S pread 
HW 
BOB 
N j 
484-11o4. 
SIJ I 

 r n mu 
Lew anc** biyh guam* caners 
•ark Com anytime. Mr Cooer* 
373 Met ll) tit} 

CARPENTRV 

A Caraeato^iPtogedetJgB* ft em Rooting In Foundation Ne 
Jab Tee Smattt Free Bet Att w e m Goa# t i / s a l* 

■ 4 
1 
1 
5 
_______ _ 
TOF SOU 
SANO 
GRAVEL 
#21 till, Saturday Sunday 

FEN C IN G 

F rm iF * * ru rK S m a t* t™ B o ft!^ » # u d end thum link ALAMA FENCE 
CO *22 FSII or 671 4137 

U U IU iU m iS lJ U U U lU L U iL , 

P A IN TIN G 

A Comamie Fainting Decorating 
Service City WMf* ti/ 411o 
Neuse painting inside end oui 
Household repairs CPU *Fo F99J or 496 673 Ne lo o to s w a n _____ 
..111——.—-.-an.aa 
................... 
Painting, Handyman Paint Cg 
Sit, or Smithing goidsmithmg and ii 7* Eraetfwgv 121 *o5o Pet ins aam RkxtokA.8xsto.et futssni AEA Al IT 

JEW ELR Y CLASSES 

FIR E A EBO WOOO 

F t r g w g g d n T y T r ^ f ilT n T 'T p K ? . 
N u . ana stalked lls, fit *914 
— 

LANDSCAPING 

WE HAVE FLIN TY GF LIVE 
OAK 
TREES 
FOR 
SALI 
I l f H B I ! EF I t o t to t* 

IT 8 I AS* TO PLACE A 
I A PM E SS NEWS 
WAN< AO I ii 1464______ 

Meeting and Painting 
Frat 
E throat** ll* 2911 ar *22 7 17* 

PLUM BING 

OO y o u NEED A FL UMBER) 

H E OSES t u t Trtm H a u l 
|D A V » 8 7 ll^ e U F O L K 8 * 9 * e o 9 * 

TV REPAIRS 
RENTALS 

H i t k s V lM A T f S 7 ftq y t Hun est-tow prices CaM 924 o/96 
Tv ane stereo I cauli Meesino bt^grkLe^J/^o^^l^jUVjhME^^^ 

W ELDING 

I WoBfir^n^u flT n g ^ru cir'an ? 
I Traltars 482-8886 

YARD WORK 

FSrome^fofrmMTJeanaFfa?? clean in g hauling tre e s trim m ed 
*13 U t* tri;;,<jub7r Yardman, Flower 
Belt. I gM Haul General ctg an 
IfttoaM R M - 
A or f ilii in J T tf e« trimming. Rawer 
Eads, to 
- aaxu»able prices 
I 7 to toot 
Lawns. Cut Trim I Aged Leave* 
I V acu u m ed A n y tim e t i l f e l t free*', lawns H e d g e *' tr im m e d 
.. ...JSflSSfe'? 
!J* V 9.'---- and Mauled Med sun apio ill *7t) 
- A S T E R P i U M H * a , r n i o w 
7 V w o w~?)Tk 
L r# v" irim x C T n Ej 
O I I * 
H I AO 
I .tensed bund- 
I t * I * 
M i M il 

 m m 

 rn CBR 
Iv AL sillies 
ELIAS 

 h 
EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

Death Notices 

IGI— Deaths 
JU—Deaths 

B A E Z A 
G e o rg e S te v e n B o e z o of L ib e r ty . 
T e x a s . D osse d a w a y F r id a y , F e ­ b r u a r y 4, 1977 a t th e a g e of 29 y e a rs . S u r v iv o r s : M o t h e r , M r s 
A lm a 
B r o w n ; f a t h e r , J e s s e 
B o e z a ; s is t e r , R a c h e l B r o w n ; b ro th e rs , J e s s e D 
B a e z a , B e n n y 
L B a e ra , Jo h n W B u e z a , J a m e s 
B a e z a ; g r a n d p a r e n t s , M r . a n d 
M r s . H u g o O 
R e u s , a ll ot S a n 
A n to n io ; n u m e r o u s o u n ts o n d u n c le s S e rv ic e s w ill be h e ld fro m th e D e llc re s t C h a p e l M o n d a y , F e ­ b r u a r y 7th a t IO: 3o a m . w ith R e v . 
C e c il G r a y o f fic ia t in g T h e in t e r ­ m e n t w i l l f o llo w in K i c a s t e r 
C e m e te ry . A r r a n g e m e n ts w ith 

2 o o o So W W W h it* Rd 
3 3 7 -4 o 8 2 

BUCHAN 
H u b e rt E 
( B u c k ) B u ­ c h a n , a g e 61, o f 4546 
C a m b r a v D r . , d ie d 
F r i d a y , F e b r u a r y 4, 
1977 H e w a s P o s t M a s t e r a n d life m e m b e r of B lu e b o n n e t L o d g e No. 
1219 A F & A M , m e m b e r of S a n 
A n to n io S c o ttis h R ite B o d ie s an d 
A lr a t a r S h rin e . S u r v iv o r s 
W ife , 
M rs . A rle n e B u c h a n ; s is te r, M rs . 
J i m m i e L o w e r y , T r o y , A la ; b r o th e r s , B ill B u c h a n , D a y t o n , 
O h io, M a r tin T h o m p s o n . J a c k s o n , 
M is s ., n ie c e s o n d n e p h e w s S e r ­ v ic e W e d n e s d a y a t 9 .3 o in th e 
G e o r g ia n C h a p e l of th e P o r t e r 
L o r in g M o r t u a r y , th e R e v . E a r l 
Jo h n s o n o ffic ia tin g 
P a llb e a r e r s 
Jo h n E K e lly , R K R o g e rs , J a c k 
S h a r p , H a r r y E is e n s t in e , B i l l 
P o p e , H a r o ld K o h r . H o n o r a r y p a llb e a re rs 
D o n R a th w e g , J o h n 
V e g lic , L e e C u m m in g s , J im M o r ­ g a n , D w ig h t M c C l e l la n d . L e u 
S t a r r . T h o s e w h o d e s ir e , m a y se n d m e m o ria l g ifts to th e A m o r ic o n C a n c e r S o c ie ty o r to M a s o n ic 
H o m e a n d S c h o o l of T e x a s o r to 
S h rin e C rip p le d C h ild r e n 's H o s p i­ ta ls In te rm e n t in F t S a m H o u s ­ ton N a tio n a l C e m e te ry u n d e r the a u s p ic e s of B lu e b o n n e t L o d g e N o 
1219 A F 
& 
A M . 
A r r a n g e m e n ts w ith 
Perter Loring 

1 ioi M c C u l l o u g h 2 2/8 22 1 

COX 
M R S A D A B C O X , 
3o7 W S ilv e rs a n d s , b o rn in B e a u m o n t. 
T e x a s D e c . 14, 1885, e n te re d re s t S at 
F e b 
5, 197/ at th e ag e of 91 y rs. 
V I S I T A T I O N 
S u n d a y IO OO a rn u n til M o n d a y 
3 OO p m 
A L A M O C H A P E L S a t w h ic h tim e sh e w ill be ta k e n to 
M i s s i o n B u r i a l P a r k , S o . f o r s e rv ic e s a t 4 p rn. S u r v iv o r s : Son o n d d a u g h t e r in la w . T h e R e v . a n d M r s 
H o lm a n ( G e n e v ie v e ) 
C o x , c ity , s is te r, M rs . E ftie B r is ­ co e , L a re d o , T e x a s , 4 g r a n d c h il­ d re n , 8 g re a t g r a n d c h ild r e n . M r s . 
C o x w a s a m e m b e r of th e B a p tis t 
C h u r c h a n d b o s b e e n a life lo n g re s id e n t of S an A n to n io , S e r v ic e s u n d e r th e d ire c tio n o f o m e m b e r of T h e L e lo n C o d e F a m ily ot 
Tike JM&mo 
^725-5731 
N A la m o o f B r o o k ly n 

F-ASSNIDGE 
M R 
W I L L I A M 
( B I L L ) 
F A S S 
N I D G E 6o6 F lo r id a 
St b o rn in S on A n ­ to n io S e p te m b e r 13, 19o6 e n te re d r e s t F r id a y F e b r u a r y 4, 1977 a t th e ag e of 7o y e a rs 
S E R V I C E S T U E S D A Y I P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S w it h in t e r m e n t to f o llo w in R o s e la w n M e m o r i a l P o r k 
S u r ­ v iv o rs , 
D a u g h te r 
M r s 
O rb y 
( G a y ) M o o r e L u b b o c k , T e x a s , s is te r M r s J o h n ( G e r tr u d e ) G r a y 
L a r e d o , T e x a s , b r o t h e r A r t h u r 
F u s s n id g e S o n A n to n io . 5 g ra n d c h ild re n . S e r v ic e s u n d e r th e d i r ­ e c tio n ot a m e m b e r of th e L e lo n 
C u d e F a m ily 
Tike 
J 2 J J 7 J I 
A te rn e e t B e ee fctyn 

H E I C H E L 
F lo y d B 
H e ic h e l, a g e 82, o f 211 
P a m e la S t r e e t , D o s s e d a w a y 
W e d n e s d a y , F e b r u a r y 2, 1977, 
M e m b e r A m e r ic a n L e g io n P o s t 
N o 
235 
S u r v i v o r s 
N e p h e w , 
D e a n J a m is o n o f M in n e a p o lis . 
M in n , C o u s in . M r s V io la M o re la n d of W e s la c o o n d n u m e ro u s o th e r c o u s in s 
F u n e r a l s e r v ic e s 
I 45 p rn 
M o n d a y , a t M is s io n 
P a r k F u n e r a l C h a p e l w ith C h a p la in D u d le y o f f ic ia t in g 
I n t e r m e n t to fo llo w in F t S a m H o u sto n 
N a t l 
C e m e te ry 
A rra n g e m e n ts by 
MISSION I*XKK 
F U N E R A L C H A R R IS 
I 7 o o S i M ilit a r y Or 

IM— Funeral Directors 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

1 1 9 N S t 
M a r y 's 

G A G H A G E N 
M rs . E le a n o r M G a g h a g e n , a g e 
57, o f 41o2 B u r n in g T r e e , d ie d 
F r id a y , F e b r u a r y 4, 1977. S h e w a s a m e m b e r of St. M a tth e w 's C a th ­ o lic C h u rc h S u r v iv o r s : H u s b a n d , 
M y le s W G a g h a o e n ; so n R ic h a r d 
B r y o n G a g h a g e n , G r e e n b e l t , 
M d .; d a u g h te r , M r s . M ik e ( P a ­ t r i c i a 
A n n ) 
M i l l e r ; g r a n d ­ d a u g h t e r , M is s J e s s ic a M i l l e r , bo th of C a m e ro n , T x .; b r o th e r s , 
P a u l S h u e y , S a lt L a k e C ity , U ta h , 
L o u is S h u e y , G re e n s b u r g , P e n n ., 
R ic h a r d S h u e y , C le v e la n d , O h io . 
S e r v ic e M o n d a y a t l l o 'c lo c k in th e C o lo n ia l C h a p e l of th e P o r t e r 
L o r in g M o r t u a r y . I n t e r m e n t in 
S u n s e t M e m o r ia l P a r k . A r r a n ­ g e m e n ts w ith 

Ruler Loring 

1 t o t M c C u l l o u g h 227-o221 

G U E R R E R O 
M r s 
A n ita G u e r r e r o 1617 N 
W 
22n d S t. b o rn in S a b in a l, T e x ., 
J u ly 28, 1882 e n te re d re s t T h u r s ­ d a y F e b 2, 1977 a t th e agt* of 94 y e a rs . M r s G u e r r e r o h a d be e n a r e s id e n t o f S a n A n t o n io t o r 93 y e a rs . R o s a r y w ill b e re c ite d In the M a x M a rtin e z C h a p e l S u n d a y 
F e b 
6, a t 7 3o p m 
R e q u ie m 
M a s s w ill be o tte re d M o n d a y F e b 
7, o f IO 3o a m fro m L itt le F lo w e r 
C a t h o lic C h u r c h 
9o6 K e n t u c k y 
A v e . w ith R e v 
F e lix D e P r a t o o f f ic ia t in g . C o n c lu d in g s e r v ic e s w i l l f o llo w in S o n F e r n a n d o 
C e m e te ry N o 2 S u r v iv o r s 
S on s, 
G e o r q e A r e n i b a r o f A r i z o n a , 
B o n n ie A r e n ib a r of C h ic a g o , s is t e r s , S o le d a d M o n t o y a , L o lo 
R a m ir e z ; g r a n d d a u g h t e r , J u lia 
Y b a r r a 
29 g r a n d c h ild r e n , 53 g r e a t g r a n d c h ild r e n . S e r v ic e s u n d e r th e d ire c tio n of 
IHax martinez 
2o1S W Martin 
277-62o1 

HICKLIN 
S id n e y L 
( L a r r y ) H ic k lin . 66, 
C o rp u s C h ris ti, T e x , d ie d F e b 4, 
1977 in th o t c ity 
H e w a s re tir e d o w n e r o f 
H i c k l i n 
D e n t a l 
L a b o r a t o r ie s S u r v iv o r s : W ife , 
M r s E le a n o r H ic k lin , so n s. Jo h n 
H ic k lin , S a n A n to n io , M o i. W il­ lia m H ic k lin , W a sh in g to n , O 
C , s is te rs , M rs . E liz a b e th H e iw tn k e l, 
M r s D o ro th y K o o k , S an A n to n io ; 
5 g ra n d c h ild re n 
S e rv ic e s 2 p m 
M o n d a y , F ir s t L u th e ra n C h u rc h , 
C o r p u s C h r is t i 
In t e r m e n t R o s e 
H i l l M e m o r i a l P o r k 
A r r a n ­ g e m e n ts by 
C A G E M I L L S C H A P E L 
(D o w n to w n ) 
1oo1 S e co n d St. 
C o rp u s C h ris ti, T e x a s 

HITCHCOCK 
M r s H e le n B 
H itc h c o c k , a g e 88, of 84o1 N 
N e w B r a u n f e ls , d ie d 
F r id a y , F e b r u a r y 4, 1977 S h e w a s a fo rm e r re s id e n t of E v a n s to n , III 
S u r v iv o r s 
H u s b a n d , H a r o ld B 
H it c h c o c k ; son, R o b e rt B H it c h ­ c o c k , g ra n d c h ild re n , M r s . S h e r r y 
S a te l, M rs . P a m e la A d a m s , M rs , 
K im b e r ly S to k e s a ll of S a n A n to n to, 4 g re a t g r a n d c h ild r e n S e r v ic e 
S u n d a y a t 4 3o in th e C o lo n ia l 
C h a p e l of th e P o rte r L o r in q M o r ­ tu a r y , D r 
C a lv in W 
F r o e h n e r o ffic ia tin g A r r a n g e m e n ts w ith 

 l\>r<cr Loring 

 t t o t M c C u l l o u g h 227 o221 

HOLSTON 
M R 
M A R K A L A N 
H O S T O N , 235 S o n a ta, b o rn in S an A n to n io M a r . 8. 1956, e n t e r e d r e s t in A u s t in , T e x a s 
T h u rs d a y F e b . 3. 1977 a t th e a g e of TO y rs 
S E R V I C E S — M O N D A Y 2 3o P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S w ith th e R e v 
D r 
B u c k n e r F o n n ing , R e v M ic h a e l O G o r m a n a n d 
R e v 
R 
L 
( B o b ) W id e m a n of f lo a t in g w ith in te rm e n t to fo llo w in S u n s e t M e m o r ia l P a r k 
S u r ­ v iv o r s 
W ife , M r s P a t r ic ia A n n 
H o ls t o n , m o t h e r , M r s 
F r e d L 
( A lic e ) S o e le . to th e r, M r G e r a ld 
H o ls t o n , s is t e r , M i s s C a m il l e 
C e le s te H o lsto n , b ro th e r, M ic h a e l 
A n th o n y H o ls to n , a ll o f S a n A n ­ ton io. g ra n d p a re n ts , M r a n d M r s 
L e o n a r d H o ls t o n , C r o w n C it y , 
O h io . n e p h e w . M ic h a e l R e a g a n 
H o lsto n , c ity M r 
H o ls to n w a s a m e m b e r of T rin ity B o o b s ! C h u rc h a n d h a s been a life lo n g re s id e n t of S a n A n to n io C a s k e t b e a r e r s w ill b e R ic h a r d R iv e r a , J im m y 
A s h , E v a n E c h t e r h o f f , R o g e r 
P in a , H e c t o r J 
R o d r ig u e z a n d 
J a c k 
B o e k h o u t 
H o n o r a r y b e a r e r s K e n n e t h A s h . G o r d o n 
C a ru th , V in c e R o s e m o y e r , A le x a n d 
J im 
S t e w a r t . 
E r n e s t 
T e n e v u c a . M r s B o b b ie W e st, B ill 
Y a te s , B o b b y G e is le r, R e p M a tt 
G a r c ia . E m ilio C a ld e r a , A lb e r t 
C a ld e ra . A u g u s tin e C a ld e r a . J r ., 
F e r n a n d o F lo r e s , J r 
S e r v ic e s u n d e r the d ire c tio n of a m e m b e r of T h e L e lo n C u d e F a m ily ot 

THU 
225-5731 
N A la m o at B r o o k ly n 

IM— Funeral Directors 

111—Deaths 

H rn n k e b tU 

• 711 S i M ilita ry t i ) 7 1 ) 3 
Wuk fills lose Zr#d#rt«iitfcMrg 8d . A g g . r n I 
Brl lrrrst 

 lO O O I. W W . W h ite B d J J T -4o8 
Palm Brisbin 

 i f J I So. l e r w i m s 
914-4)61 

Max martinez 

(.totiW h o — tor MW awee 

#H#r#»g 
S t t n o e d K o e tl tom tom tu n e r# ! Insurant# P o lit le i 
2 2 7 -6 2 o 1 

7 44 S31 3 
WA HSWI pl 
A l v e o l i 

828*2811 
For all funeral needs 

SUNSET 
Fu ne 

 rf 17o1. 
F u n e r a l H o m e 

17o1 Austin Hwy, 

AMERICA S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

 mo 

FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
8 8 5 - 5 7 3 1 

 iJlli lcL»l CiuL 

H O M E N 
D o m in D . H o m e n . 73, o f 127 C h o l- s e a D r ., d ie d F e b . 3, 1977. S u r ­ v iv o r s : W ife , M r s . T h y r a ( T o m ­ m ie ) H o m e n ; son a n d d a u g h te r- in - la w , D a n i e l J . a n d K e r r y 
H o m e n , S a n A n t o n io ; s is t e r s , 
M r s . L in n ie B u ll, L a u r e l, M d ., 
M r s . 
H e le n 
J o s l y n ; g r a n d ­ d a u g h te r, K e lly H o m e n ; n u m e r ­ o u s n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s 
R o s a r y 
7 :3 o p m 
S u n d a y , 
Z I Z I K - 
K E A R N S C H A P E L 
M o s s 2 p.m . 
M o n d a y , St. G r e g o r y th e G r e a t 
C a t h o lic C h u r c h , 7oo D e w h u rs t. 
P a llb e a r e r s : C h e s te r G u n n , W a r ­ r e n L e e B o w m a n , P a t M a h a n , 
W illia m F 
L e w is , W illia m A r m ­ s tro n g , L e o n a r d L v s s v . H o n o ra ry p a llb e a r e r s : L e s lie B o w m a n , P a ­ r is h T a y lo r , W illia m A . C a r ic o . 
I n t e r m e n t S a n F e r n a n d o A r c h ­ d io c e s a n 
C e m e t e r y . 
A r r a n ­ g e m e n ts b v 

Zm’k-Keams 
Downing - hfcCUugtwr I y 
132 1 N . St. M a r y ’s 
2 2 7 -2 2 o 6 

M C K I M M E Y 
M r . F r a n k M o n tro s e M c K im m e y , 
88, of 114 D e w h u rs t, d ie d F e b . 3. 
M r M c K im m e y w a s b o rn In K a n ­ s a s J u n e 27, 1888. M r . M c K im m e y r e t ir e d a f t e r 21 y e a r s w ith th e 
U .S . D e p a r t m e n t of A g r ic u lt u r e , 
V e te ra n o f W W I, SO y e a r m e m b e r of L o d g e N o. 17 A F & A M . T o p e k a . 
K o n . S u r v iv o r s W ife , M f* . L a u r a 
M 
M c K im m e y , 
S a n 
A n to n io ; d a u g h t e r s , M r s 
H a r o ld D u n n , 
S a n A n to n io . M r s . W . H. M c C o n ­ n e ll, M e m p h is , T e n n , M r s D o u g 
D w y e r, T ib u ro n , C a lif ., son . J o h n 
F o r r e s t M c K im m e y , R e d w o o d C i­ ty , C a lif , s is t e r , M r s . V e r a C a ­ s e b o o k W a k a ru s a , K a n .; b ro th e r, 
C h e s M c K i m m e y , C h i l l w a c k , 
C a n a d a ; l l g r a n d c h ild r e n , e ig h t g re a t g r a n d c h ild r e n . S e r v ic e s I p rn. M o n d a y , F e b . 7, S u n s e t F u n ­ e ra l H o m e , R e v , J o h n B 
C u lv e r o f f i c i a t i n g . I n t e r m e n t S u n s e t 
M e m o ria l P a r k V is ita tio n w ill be o f S u n se t F u n e r a l H o m e s ta rtin g 
3 a rn. S a tu rd a y , F e b . 5. 
SUNSET " h o , n e 

1 7 o 1 A u s t in H w y 
8 2 8 2 8 1 1 

KH— Deaths 

MIG URA 
S to n le v A M ig u r a , 59, ot 61o C a p ­ o te s R d , d ie d F e b . 4, 1977 
S u r ­ v iv o r s : W if e , M r s . D o lo r e s I 
M ig u ra , S a n A n to n io ; s is te r, M r s 
B e r n i c e 
W a r z e c h a , 
C u e r o ; b ro th e r, E m a n u e l M ig u r a , Y o r k ­ to w n ; n u m e r o u s n ie c e s o n d n e -' 
Ph e w s. R o s a r y 7 3o p m S u n d a y . 
S t 
J o h n B e r c h m a n s C a t h o lic 
C h u rc h , 1147 C u p p le s R d M o s s IO a m 
M o n d a y , St 
J o h n B e r c h ­ m a n s 
I n t e rm e n t S a n F e r n a n d o 
C e m e te ry N o 
2. A rra n g e m e n ts by 
Zizik-Kearns 
D u n n in g N V C u tig rw riy 

1321 N St M u ry %. 
1 2 7 -1 1 o 6 

O J E D A 
M r J u a n R O ie d a 2936 T a m p ic o 
St b o rn in L o c k h a r t , T e x ., M a y 9, 
19o8 e n te r e d r e s t F r id a y F e b 4, 
1977 a t th e ope of 68 y e a rs . M r . 
O ie d a h a d be e n a re s id e n t of S an 
A n to n io fo r 3o y e a r s R o s a r y w ill be re c ite d in th e C h a p e l of R o s e s a t N o rth P o r k M o r t u a r y M o n d a y 
F e b 
7, a t 7 OO p m 
R e q u ie m 
M a s s w ill b e o t t e r e d T u e s d a y 
F e b . 8 a t 12 oo p m f r o m S t. 
T im o t h y C a t h o lic C h u r c h IS IS 
S a lt illo St. c o n c lu d in g s e r v ic e s w ill fo llo w in F o r t S a m H o u s to n 
N a t io n a l C e m e t e r y 
S u r v iv o r s 
W if e , 
M r s 
J u a n i t a 
O ie d a ; d a u g h te r s , M r s M a r t h a O 
R o ­ d rig u e z , M rs . J o s e ftn a O T o r r e s ; s o n s . J u a n R a m ir e z , F r a n k 
O ie d a , D a n ie l O ie d a , G i l b e r t 
O ie d a . b r o t h e r s , B e n it o O ie d a , 
D o v id , O ie d a , A lfo n s o G o n z a le z , g ra n d c h ild re n . J o h n M ic h a e l. R o s e lia R a m ir e z , T o m a s J r . , A n ­ d r e w , J e a n n e t t e , M a r ia L u is a 
T o r r e s , C in d y , D ia n a . B o n n ie . 
C a r o l A n n , V ir g in ia a n d G ilb e r t 
O ie d a J r. S e rv ic e s u n d e r th e d ir ­ e ctio n of 
Nurtlj Park 

J R o r f u o r i ) 

1 11 Fi# 4 4 r k b i b u i | 
7 3 4 -4 3 1 3 

P E R E Z 
M r s 
A n g e lo B 
P e re z , 75. of 142 
B r a d f o r d , d ie d F e b r u a r y 4th 
R e s id e n t of S on A n to n io 13 v e e rs , 
13 y e a r m e m b e r o f A lt a V is t a 
B a p tis t C h u r c h S u r v iv o r s : H u s ­ b an d, S e b a s tia n P e re z , d o u g h ie r, 
M r s A d e la C o n s o le ;, S an A n to n ­ io, son, F r a n k P e re z , C h ic a g o . Ill b ro th e r. L o u is B rio n e s . J o lie t. MI 
S is t e r s , M r s 
S e f e n n a A r m a s , 
C h ic a g o , III , M r s R o s a B 
B u zo , 
V e r a C r u z , N e w M e l 
8 g r a n d c h i l d r e n I g r e a t g r a n d c h i ld 
P r o v e r s e r v ic e s w ill be h e ld 8 JO 
O rn 
S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 6th , R o y 
A k e r s F u n e r a l C h a p e ls 
F u n e r a l s e r v i c e s l l a rn 
M o n d a y 
F e b r u a r y 7th , R o y A k e r s F u n e r ­ a l C h a p e ls . R e v 
F id e l G u z m a n o f f ic ia t in g in t e r m e n t R o s e la w n 
M e m o r ia l P a r k 

5 1 5 N o . M a in 
2 2 6 7 2 o 1 

W R E N N 
M r s O liv e M a r ie W r t n n , 74. o f 313 
N o rth B l v d , U n iv e r s a l C ity , d ie d 
F e b I R e s id e n t o f U n iv e r s a l C ity a n d a m e m b e r o f th e B a p t is t 
C h u rc h a n d R a n d o lp h C h a p te r of th e O 
S S 
S u r v i v o r s 
S o n s , 
B o b b y C. W re n n . U n iv e r s a l C ity . 
T e x , W a lt e r L o o n y . S c r a n t o n . 
A r k . ; d a u g h t e r , M r s . C h a r lo t t e 
M e r r ill. C e d a r C re s t. N e w M e x .; s is t e r , M r s 
L e e N a p ie r , E a s t 
Stone G a p , V a , n in e g r a n d c h il­ d re n a n d th r e e g r e o t g la n d * m i­ d i en G r a v e s id e s e r v ic e s a n d in ­ te rm e n t IO a rn M o n d a y , F e b 7, 
F t 
S a m 
H o u sto n 
N a tio n a l 
C e m e te ry 

M S N o M a in 
2 2 6 -7 2 o 1 

PHILLIPS 
M r. R e x P h illip s . 64, 2o9 ir a A v e ., d ie d F e b r u a r y 5 th 
M e m b e r 
A la m o H e ig h ts U n ite d M e th o d is t 
C h u rc h , r e s id e n t o f S a n A n to n io f o r o v e r 3o y e o r s , M r . P h illip s g ra d u a te d fro m th e U n iv e r s it y of 
T e x a s in 1935, h e w a s a m e m b e r o f th e B e ta T h e ta P l f r a t e r n it y a n d g ra d u a te d w ith a B a c h e lo r s d e g re e in B u s in e s s A d m in is t r a ­ tion, a tte r g ra d u a tio n M r . P h illip s a tte n d e d th e b u s in e s s s c h o o l a t 
H a r v a r d U n iv e r s it y . S u r v iv o r s : 
Son, M r . T h o m a s L . P h illip s , s is ­ te rs , M r s . G 
B 
K a th le e n L a d d , an d M rs . Jo h n W . ( J u a n ita ) H a r. ris , a ll of S an A n to n io , b ro th e rs , 
M r 
A r t h u r H a m ilt o n , o n d M r . 
O tis P h illip s J r ., b o th of D a lla s , 
T e x o s, n ie c e s , M r s . L in d a B a rn s , 
D a l l a s , T e x a s , M i s s C v n t h i a 
L a d d S a n A n to n io , n e p h e w s , M r . 
W illia m J. H a r r is J r .. S an A n to n ­ io, M r . P h illip H a r r is , Son A n to n io, M r 
D a v id P h illip s , D e lia s , 
T e x a s , M r 
R ic h a r d L a d d . S a n 
A n to n io . F u n e r a l s e r v ic e s l l a rn. 
T u e s d a y F e b r u a r y 8th , R o y 
A k e r s F u n e r a l C h a p e ls , R e v 
H a r r y B a m b e r g e r o f fic ia t in g In ­ t e r m e n t w i l l f o llo w in S u n s e t 
M e m o ria l P a r k . 

5 1 5 N o . M a in 
2 2 6 -7 2 o 1 

P Y T E L 
M rs . M o g d o le n e P y te l, 81, 
214 
F r e ilin g D r., d ie d F e b . 4. 1977. 
O r g a n is t a t S t 
P h ilip o f J e s u s 
C a t h o lic C h u r c h f o r 3o y e o r s 
S u r v iv o r s : D a u g h te r a n d so n -in - la w , L u c ille a n d R o y B 
C o m e r, 
J r ; s o n a n d d a u g h t e r - in - la w , 
G ra c e an d J a m e e s J P y te l, J r ..; s is te rs , M r s M a r y C e ro tin , M rs . 
M a r th a H y a tt ; g r a n d d a u g h t e r s , 
B ir d ie L y n n M e a d e , E liz a b e t h 
J a c o b s o f F t 
B r a g g ; 3 g r e a t ­ g r a n d c h ild r e n 
R o s a r y 7:3o p m . 
S u n d a y , 
Z I Z I K K E A R N S 
C H A P E L . M a s s l l OO a .rn 
M o n ­ d a y , St M a r y M a g d a le n C a th o lic 
C h u rc h , 171o C lo w e r. In te rm e n t 
S o n F e r n a n d o A r c h d i o c e s a n 
C e m e te ry . A rra n g e m e n ts by 
Zizik-Kearns 
D ow n in g M r CUuphe< I y 

132 2 N . St. M ary's 
2 2 7 -2 2 o 6 

RA M IR EZ 
M r s 
T o s h ik o T 
R a m ir e z , S I, 
12322 A le x a n d r ia d ie d F e b r u a r y 
3 rd M e m b e r E is e n h a u e r B a p tis t 
C h u rc h , re s id e n t of S an A n to n io fo r IO y e a rs . S u r v iv o r s H u s b a n d . 
M r 
D o m in g o R a m ir e z , so n s, M r. 
D a v id T. R a m ir e z a n d M r 
M a r ­ c u s T R a m ire z , o il of S a n A n to n ­ io, s is t e r , M is s S e tsu T s u iim o to 
S e r v ic e s 1:15 p m 
T u e s d a y F e b r u o r y 8t h ., S u n s e t F u n e r a l 
H o m e , R e v . L e s t e r B u r n e t t o f ­ f i c i a t in g 
I n t e r m e n t F t 
S a m 
H ou ston N a tio n a l C e m e te ry me rd I 
Ionic 

1 7 o 1 A u s t in H w y 
8 2 8 2 8 1 1 

HI—Deaths 

SUNSET fh 

RAMOS 
M r , 
D o m in g o R o m o s o f 967 
B iig h to n St e n te re d in to re s t a t a lo c a l h o s p ita l on F e b r u a r y 3, 1977 ot th e ag e of 3o y e a rs . S u r v iv o r s 
P a r e n t s M r . 
A u g u s t in a n d 
E s te fa n a R a m o s . B r o t h e r ; P a b lo , 
Isab el. J u a n o n d R o b e rto R a m o s , 
S is te rs ; A lic ia a n d E lis a R a m o s . 
M a t e r n a l g r a n d m o t h e r ; P a u la 
Z a b e le to R o s a r y s e r v ic e w ill be h eld M o n d a y F e b r u a r y 7, 1977 a t 
8 3o p m a t P a lm H e ig h ts C h a p e l 
F u n e r a l S e r v i c e s w i l l d e p a r t 
P a lm H e ig h t s T u e s d a y a t 9 3o a rn fo llo w e d b y F u n e r a l M a s s a t 
IO oo a rn a t O u r L a d y of A n g e ls in te rm e n t w ill fo llo w at N a tio n a l 
C e m e te ry A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

J a l t n I f r i g l j t n 

3 7 H So. Z o r z a m o r o 
924-4568 

UM—F lie r al Directors 

A T tG IlUS l U N i i A I H O A K 
MINOT Guta a A 
6 o 2 W N eu tron 
2 2 7 -1 4 6 1 

&outti*tbe 

 f u n e r a l h o m e 
63o1 S. FLORES 
9 3 2 - 6 3 3 9 

John M . Grim es, D irector 

Al. £ soomoua 
FUNGAL H O ** 
Pf* NbbcJ Arrangement* 
SII Guockdupe St. 
226-6111 

ZO IS w M a rlin 

A V t N S I O f 

• U N G A M O N G I H H N O S 

Po r t e r L oring 

N U r r U A I T Y 

J U ^ M c C u l l o u g h 121 o221 

Its—Bur Ml Lets rBM F f IBM t i),Uf l „ t Im7 
MUI MWtMM OZ VeoBsnd# M u m p * 
B u i. g l P e r * 
I t M to ts to r I I H 
P B g r I c e n 884 6174 

? « • 
» » 4 H 6 -g 6 < we e a ie a t iy p T 
»wa8f» j j j f j e f M M Peril, a tt* tot 
Ba** M I M M or M I M M 

ROESING 
M rs . J e w e l E . R o s s in g . o f 133o 
H ic k s A v e , p a s s e d a w a y F e ­ b r u a r y 4, 1977 a t th e a g e of SO y rs . 
S u r v iv o r s : D a u g h te rs , M r s O le to 
R a m s e y , T im p s o n . T e x . a n d M rs . 
E s th e r L . M o s s , S an A n to n io , son , 
T h o m a s Jo h n s o n , W a rw ic k , R 
I., s is te r, M rs . B e rta B e lle M a r lin g , 
B r y a n , T e x ., b ro th e r, H a r v e y L 
J o h n so n , H o u sto n , T e x A lso , tw o g r a n d c h i ld r e n a n d 5 g r e a t g r a n d c h ild r e n 
F u n e r a l s e r v ic e s w ill be hetd 9 3o a .m . T u e s d a y at 
B ro o k e h ill C h a p e l. In te rm e n t w ill fo llo w in F o r t S a m H o u s to n N o ­ tio n a l C e m e te ry . 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith fraakthUl 
6 1 o o Se. Flores 
* 9 23 -7 52 3 

R A M U N D O 
/ v 
M R 
D O N A T O r T 'fT M a T S - l 
A N T H O N Y 
( U N , 
I U M a t > I 
C L E 
D A N ) 
’— 
R A M U N D O , 
H S 
S h e ffie ld , b o rn in Ita ly J u n e 13. 
1191, e n te re d re s t T h u rs d a y . F e b 
3, 1977 a t the a g e o f SS y e a r s 
R O S A R Y 
S U N D A Y — 7:oo P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S 
M A S S M O N D A Y - 1 1 3o A M 
S T F R A N C I S 
O E P A O L A C H U R C H 
2o5 M o r a le s St w it h T h # R e v . G e o r g e S t o r m , 
C M F a s c e le b r a n t a n d in t e r ­ m e n t to fo llo w in S a n F e r n a n d o 
C e m e t e r y N o . 2. S u r v i v o r s : 
D a u g h t e r s . M r s . j e a n M a r ie 
P a le t t a , M r s 
F r a n k A 
( A n n e ) 
C a t o i a n i . e ig h t g r a n d s o n s a s p a llb e a r e r s a n d g ra n d d a u g h te r s . 
A n n e C a t o i a n i a n d J e a n n i n e 
P a le t t a , o n e g r e a t g r a n d s o n ; b r o th e r - in - la w , J u lio u s L 
G e r - m a n a s . C ity 
M r 
R a m u n d o w a s a m e n b e r o f S t 
F r a n c is d e 
P a o la C h u rc h , fo u n d e r a n d p a s t g r a n d V e n e r a b le ot th e R o m a in ta n g ib le L o d g e et th e O rd e r of th e S on s of Ita ly in N e w Y o r k , 
C h ris to p h e r C o lu m b u s S o c ie ty of 
S a n A n to n io , V e t e r a n o f W W I a n a h a s b e e n a re s id e n t of S a n 
A n to n io (or th e p a s t 24 y e a r s 
C o s k e t b e a r e r s w ill b e B ia s . 
F r a n k . S te v e n , D o n , P a u l. M a r k o n d A la n C a t o ia n i o n d L o u is 
P a le t ta 
H o n o r a r y b e a r e r s w ill b e 
S R . 
S h a r m a , 
D r 
J o h n 
P r im o m o . 
C o l 
S t e p h e n 
M 
C ro s b y , E d 
C a s t illo , F lo re n tin e 
D on ato. F r a n k S o rd o , J o h n G il­ lila n d a n d S a m L ib e r to S e rv ic e s u n d e r th# d ire c tio n o t o m e m b e r of T h e L e lo n C u d e F a m ily OI r 
—» 
Tike 14fam o 
22) 1731 
^ N A la m o at B r o o k ly n 

R E Y E S 
M rs . C ru z M R e y e s 414 N R o s iiio 
S t b e r n in L a m p a s a s N u e v o 
L eo n , M e t , M a y J, 1871 e n te re d re s t F r id a y F o b 4, 1977 a t th e ag e et 91 y e a rs M r s R e y e s h a d be e n a re s id e n t et S an A n to n io to r 7s y e a rs 
R o s a r y w ill be re c ite d in the M a x M a rtin e z C h a p e l S u n d a y 
F e b 
S, a l I oo p m 
R e q u ie m 
M u s s w ill be ofter od M o n d a y F o b 
7. at l l IM a rn lr e m S a c re d H e a rt 
C a th o lic C h u rc h 2114 W H o u sto n 
St w ith R e v 
J o h n W 
T a n t o o f­ fic ia tin g C o n c lu d in g s e r v ic e s w ill fe llo w in S a n J o s e B u r ia l P a r k 
S u r v iv e r s 
D o u g h ie r. M r s B la s e 
R 
A lf a r o et S a n A n to n io , g ra n d c h ild re n 
B r in y rn. K e y e s R o b e rt 
R o v e s . R o s a r io C a n t u 
R u d o lf 
R e y e s . O lg a Z a v a la l f g r e a t g r a n d c h i ld r e n , I g r e o t g r e a t g r a n d c h ild r e n 
S e r v ic e s u n d e r the d ire c tio n of 
A a s Martinez 
3 3 7 -6 3 o 1 

S E X A U E R 
M rs . D o ro th y S e x o u e r, a g e 54, of 
7427 Q u a il R u n , d ie d F r id a y , F e ­ b r u a r y 4, 1977. S u r v iv o r s : H u s ­ b a n d . M e tv y n G . S e x a u e r , so n s, 
C a p ! . E a r l M . O r b in , M e r c e d , 
C a l., J a c k O rb in , G e o rq e C. S e x ­ a u e r, B illy H S e x o u e r, a ll of Son 
A n to n io ; d a u g h t e r s , M r s 
R it a 
S a t a g a j, H u n t s v ille , T e x ., M is s 
D e b r a S e x a u e r , S o n A n t o n io ; b ro th e r, L P . B e v e ra g e , B u rg a w , 
N C a r o lin a S e r v ic e M o n d a y a t 3 
o c lo c k in the G e o rg ia n C h a p e l of th e P o r t e r l o rin q M o r t u a r y , th e 
R e v M ilto n Z ir k e l o ffic ia tin g . In ­ te rm e n t in M is s io n B u r ia l 
P a r k 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

Porter Loring 

11o1 M c C u l l o u g h 227 o221 

S E X A U E R 
M rs . O ro D e n e c a m p S e x a u e r, ag e 
75, of 634 W y n d a le , d ie d F r id a y , 
F e b r u a r y 4, 1 977 
S h e w a s a m e m b e r of S o u th s id e C h r is t ia n 
C h u rc h a n d S a n A n to n io C h a p te r 
N o 
3, O 
E 
S. S u r v iv o r s 
H u s ­ b a n d , G e o rg e H 
S e x a u e r ; so n s, 
G e o r g e W 
S e x a u e r , L a V e r n ia , 
T x ., M o r v y n T . S e x a u e r , K e r r ­ v ille , T x., M e lv y n G S e x a u e r, S an 
A n t o n io ; IO g r a n d c h i ld r e n ; 5 g r e a t g r a n d c h ild r e n . S e r v ic e 
M o n d a y a t 3 o 'c lo c k in the G e o r ­ g ia n C h a p e l of th e P o r t e r L o r in g 
M o rtu a ry , th e R e v . M ilf o r d Z ir k e l o f fic ia t in g In te rm e n t in M is s io n 
B u r ia l P o r k A r r a n g e m e n ts w ith 

Porter Loring 

 h o i M c C u l l o u g h 222 o321 

S N E E D 
C o p t 
R ic h a r d B . S n e e d . U S A F 
(R e t.), a g e 87, of 11o6 D re x e l, d ie d 
F r id a y , F e b r u a r y 4, 1977. H e w a s a m e m b e r o f St. S te p h e n 's E m s c o p a l C h u r c h ; V e t e r a n s W W I 
B a r r a c k s N o 156o a n d h e ld lo c a l a n d s ta te w id e o ffic e s in V e 'e r a n s 
W W I o r g a n iz a tio n , V 
F . W 
N o. 
1533; A m e r ic a n L e g io n P o s t N o. 
431; life m e m b e r o f R e tire d O f­ f ic e r s A s s o c ia t io n 
S u r v iv o r s . 
W ife, M rs . B e lle G o o d ric h S n e e d ; s o n s , 
R i c h a r d 
J 
H . 
S n e e d , 
U p la n d , C a l., J o h n L 
T 
S n e e d ,/ 
IV , H o u sto n . T x ., E d g a r P S n e e d . [ 
S a n A n to n io ; d a u g h t e r . L u c ille 
S n e e d M u s g ro v e , T u ls a , O x .; l l g r a n d c h ild r e n ; 2 g r e a t g r a n d c h ild re n ; I n ie c e , 2 n e p h e w s. S e r ­ v ic e M o n d a y a t 4 3o a t St. S te ­ p h e n 's E p is c o p a l C h u r c h , th e 
R e v 
C h a r le s H . B e r r y , J r . o f ­ fic ia tin g . T h o s e w h o d e s ire , m a y s e n d m e m o r ia l g if t s to S t 
S t e ­ p h e n 's E p is c o p a l C h u rc h M e m o r ­ ia l F u n d o r to th e c h a r it y of th e ir c h o ic e 
I n t e r m e n t w ith f u ll m i l i ­ ta ry h o n o rs T u e s d a y a t 9 3o a t F t. 
S a n H o u sto n N a tio n a l C e m e te ry . 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

Porter Loring 

I ioi M c C u l l o u g h 222 o221 

T U R N E R 
C o l J o h n D 
T u r n e r , U S A F R e tire d , son of th e la te A n n C a n d 
J o b D . T u r n e r S r., d ie d F e b 
2, 
1977 in S on A n to n io , T e x . H e w a s b o rn F e b 
IS, 1917 in L e x in g to n , 
K y ,, o n d g r a d u a t e d f r o m th e 
U n iv e r s it y o f K e n t u c k y in 1938. 
H e e a rn e d h is L L B at th e U m v e r s ity ct K e n tu c k y in 1V47. H e w a s a m e m b e r of th e N o rth e a s t B a p tis t 
C h u r c h ; S ig m a A lp h a E o s ilo n 
( K e n t u c k y E p s i l o n C h a p t e r ) , 
K e n t u c k y 
B a r 
A s s o c i a t i o n ; 
C o lo n e l in th e H o n o ra b le O r d e r of 
K e n t u c k y C o lo n e ls - S a c r a m e n t o 
L o d g e N o 24 A F O A M , A la m o g o r ­ do , N e w N e x 
S u r v iv o r s : W ife , 
M r s 
E lle n G 
T u rn e r; son 
Jo h n 
B T u rn e r, III, d a u g h te r M o r y B 
T u r n e r , a l l o f S a n A n t o n i o ; b ro th e rs . J o b D T u rn e r, J r . ; a n d 
W illia m O 
T u r n e r , b o th o f L e x ­ in g to n . K e y 
S e r iv c e s 9 45 a m 
M o n d a y , F e b 7, S u n s e t F u n e r a l 
H o m e , R e v 
W H 
L o n g o f th e 
N o r t h e a s t B a p t i s t C h u r c h o t f i e l d i n g , I n t e r m e n t F t , S a m 
H o u sto n N a tio n a l C e m e te ry H o n ­ o r a r y P a ll b e a r e r s 
E u g e n e L . 
G a s tin g e r, G ilb e r t W G a s tin g e r . 
H O 
B o n f ie ld , W W 
N e a t, R e x 
S h a n n o n . H o lm a n C o x , E m o r y 
C o x . V is it a t io n w ill b e h e ld a t 
S u n se t F u n e r a l H o m e s to rtin g at t a rn S a tu i d a y , F e b 5 
Funeral 
I tome 

1 7 o 1 A u s t in H w ^ 8 2 8 2 8 U 

V A L E N Z U E L A 
M r s C a t a lin a P 
V a le n z u e la , o f 
14o6 P le a s a n to n R d p a s s e d a w n y 
F e b r u a r y ). 1977 a l the a g e of 71 y e a rs S u r v iv o r s 
H u s b a n d J o s e 
V a le n iu e lo S r., d a u g h te rs , M r s . 
C o n s u e lo V . M ille r , M rs . C a ta lin a 
V C a s tillo Sun s, J o s e J r G e o rg e a n d J u lio V a le n z u e la . A ls o 25 g i g o d c h i ld r e n a n d I g r e o t g r a n d c h ild r e n 
R o s u r y w ill be re c ite d at B r o o k e h ill C h a p e l M o n d a y at 7 3o p rn F u n e r a l S e r v ic e w ill be h e ld T u e s d a y a t 9 3o a rn w ith c IO OO a rn M a s s a l St L e o s 
C a th o lic C h u r c h 
I n t e r m e n t w ill fo llo w ot Sun F e rn a n d o N o 2. A r ­ ra n g e m e n ts w ith fmaktbUl 
4 1 o o Se F lo re t 
9 2 3 - 7 5 2 3 

Stumped for areally 
Different 
Birthday or 
Anniversary 
Gift? 

Give A Copy of the Front Page 
Publisj ed on that Day! You 
Can Pick It Up in a Few 
Minutes 
Ready for 
Mounting and 
Framing! 

SUNSET 

R O B E R T S 
P e r c y N 
R o b e rts , a g e s*. o f l i e 
C a n y o n O a k s D r d ie d F r id a y , 
F e b r u a r y 
4, 
1977 
S u r v iv e r s 
W if e , 
B e s s ie 
B e e 
R o b e r t s ; d o u e n te r M r s J e e lle G u e n th e r s e n . P a t R o b e r t s , S g r a n d c h i l ­ d re n S e rv ic e b e n d a y a t I e c lo c k in th e C o lo n ia l C h a p e l o f th e 
P e rte r L o rin g M o r t u a r y th e R e v 
J 
H 
E a s e ! e M u ( a t m o 
P a i l b o a t or s 
A S c h re in e r H a r r is o n , 
H u n tle y H 
R a n d a ll, C 
I 
B e r k m e n 
R a lp h A r m s t r o n g , J a y 
G o u ld . D o n H e y b u r n in te r m e n t in 
M i s s i o n 
B u r i a l 
P a r k 
A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

 hwttr Loring 

I t o t M e C V U -O u O M J J T o221 
E X P R C S S - 
NEVUS 
225-1666 

"Now that's an idea! 
Let the 
Classified ads be your garage sal ? market place! ' 
Coll 
225-1666 

 ie 

.only 
OO including tax per page 

- 
%\ 
\ fog» Be r i i m 
* * * * 

Want a real "con­ versation piece'' for a gift to give for birthday or anniversary? How about a copy of the front page of the San Antonio 
Express or 
The 
News that was published on that special day! The cost is only $5 for a front page and all you have to do is come to Room 
3o7, the Express- 
News building between 
9 a.m. and 
4 p.m. on weekdays. 
You can walk out with the copy of your front page in just a few minutes! 
THE COST? 

ATTENTION STUDENTS! 

It you are in the pro­ cess of researching a subject in the files of the 
Express-News you no longer have to sit and copy notes 
... just ask for a copy of the article or arti­ cles you need. Arti­ cles that can be reproduced on an j 
8!/2xi I sheet are only 
$1. 
Those that 
| reproduce on an llxl7sheet, only $3; 
; and on a lull page, 

I 

You can order your front page by mail, tool Mail order costs are 
$6 per page 

(includes handling, 

 postage. 
‘ mailing 

 container.) 

R a d a r ja m m in g 

SECURITY HILL at Kelly A FB boasts the only comprehensive electronic warfare center in the Free W orld. Here Airman I .C. 
Craig Soileau uses a computer-augmented display system to study the effects of a radar jamming technique used to safeguard 
American pilots flying over hostile territory. The U SA F Security 
Service unit has received an aw ard from W ashington for excep­ tional service in providing the highest quality electronic warfare 

 analytic support over the last two years. 
Peace reigns in 
E. Central ISI) 

By LIZ SWEET 

After a lengthy closed session which lasted until early Saturday morning. 
East Central School District Board m e m b e rs called a truce between trustees and the superintendent. 
A controversy has been raging in the district since .January when board members voted not to extend the con­ tract of Supt. Pat Holmes 
Holmes has two more years on his existing contract. In the past, however, board members had extended the con­ tract for one year each January. 
Follow ing the lengthy session in which trustees heard and discussed an ad hoc committee report on district problems. Board President Sam m ie 
Murdock issued a statem ent which said the board had agreed to work harmoniously with the superintendent. 
Immorality 

T ru ste e E. D. Hall, co m m ittee chairm an , said the com m ittee was created, in part, to investigate charges of immorality against a member of the faculty or staff. 
The charges. Hall said. were made 

 by a teacher in the East Central dis­ trict who has since resigned. 
Hall said he believed everyone in­ cluding Holmes was satisfied with the results of the report. 
Hall added the board s intention in not extending the superintendent s contract was not to fire Holmes. 
Board policy 

“ The extension of the contract is not in board policy and we like to follow the policy. Mr Holmes is a good su­ perintendent/' Hall said. 
Admitting the district has problems. 
Hall said the board also asked that rumors in the district stop and that tlie; board be allowed to operate in h ar­ mony with the administration and re­ sidents. 
Holmes could not be reached for comment Saturday. 
Earlier in the week, the East Central 
T e a c h e r ’s A ssn. voted to support 
Holmes and to send a letter of concern to the board 
A spokesperson for the group said about 85 |>er cent of the district faculty polled believed Holmes was doing a good job 
Je ff sweeps 
25th straight 

They did it agami 
Thom as Je ffe rso n High Sc:Pool students partiei-patmg in the first annual (ireater San Antonio Speech 
Tournament, took their 25th consecu­ tive sweepstake win hands down 
Saturday. 
The school has won that award for the past two school terms in every tournament it has en ter lh!. 
The award culminated the three-day tournam ent sponsored by T rinity 
University, attracting more than 35o group and individual entries among the ‘JI area high schools represented, 
Second place winner in the sweep­ stake (overall competiUoncategury went to Roosevelt High School and third place was presented to Lee High 
School. 
Jefferson team couch Ira Evers at* 
Intuited the school s winning streak to 
“ the students' willingness to work. their team spirit and continual preparation.*’ 
The following is a list of tournament winners iii which 47 trophies were presented 

E X T E M P O R A N E O U S S P E A K I N G 
F r a u 
Dozen share 
4-Ii honors 
Twelve of 125 participants iii t h e 
Bexar County 4-H Club Food Show 
Saturday took top honors spread across three divisions of competition. 
Conducted in Town Hall in Wonder­ land Shopping City, the show consisted of foot! preparation, meal planning and nutrition in main aud side dishes, bread and dessert, and snacks aet! beverage combinations. 
The following is a l i s t of Hie winners wImi will now participate in district competition Feb. IM iii Uvalde 

B E G I N N E R ) C A # « ii 9 a n e 18) 
M u m fliv h — V h t f f i M u t i, In ez F a t t e r i m ( t u b 
Side dos — L<to Geiger So u tk e H t 4 M Club 
B 1 eau aliet d o tte d — Paula B aird Ho* mony 4 t 

 o t t o G o n zalez, Je ffe rs o n , 
I* 
B c b m g e r . A lo m o H e ig h t * . 
2 n d 
Jo tte r son 
3 rd 
S O L O A C T I N G 
- T o n y A n d re * 
L e s lie S o to o d e h , J e ffe r s o n , 2nd 
J u tter son. 
3 rd 
P O E T R Y lN « E R P R E I A T I O N 
R a n d o lp h , 1st; C o ro l b o g o * . R o o st 
H o d g e s. Jo h n J a y 
3rd. 
P R O S E 
I N T E R P R E T A T I O N 
S y lv ia 
SO ' 
M ig u e l, J e f f e r s o n 
I s l 
J o a n d e l. a t te , U r s u lt n i 
A c a d e m y . 2nd 
H e n ry M u n o z 
U r s u lin e A c a d e m y 

M a r th a S o c 
Irm o A n s a e 

J e ffe rs o n , 1st: 
V e r o v C la u s * , 

Ann Phillips, 
I. 2nd, Kathy 

 a n d 
M c D o w e l l 
I, J e ffe r s o n , 2na 

B m H o lm e s , tirrso H e ig h ts , 
L e e . 
2nd. 

D U E T A C T I N G 
- S m it h 
Clemens. 1st, Bruiter and W e 
Pvian l and S u g g s Roosevelt, 3 
I N D I V I D U A L D E B A T E 
1st: Martha Sue Betting#! 
Francisco Gonzalez., Jeff* 
C R O U P IN T E R P R F A T I O N O F A M E R I C A N 
H U M O R 
— 
T h e a tre 
J e f f e r s o n t s t 
M ale-Fem ale, 
Jefferson, 2nd. 
Prete n sion ot 
Politics,' Roosevelt. 3rd 
A D V O C A TE D E B A T E 
Too school aw ard 
C le m e n s Isl; Roosevelt 2nd, Jefferson Jrd 
** 
Top Affirm ative Team Aw ard 
Clemens 
Top Negative Team A w ard 
Clemens 
Top Moderator Award 
Todd Wong, Jefferson 
N E WSC AST IN G 
— Jefferson 
1st. M acA rthur 
2nd 
Churchill, 3rd. 
I N T E R P R E T A T I O N O F S O N G L Y R I C S 
- Irm o 
A n sae 
Jefferson, 1st 
Ann Phillips. Rondoipm 
2nd 
Tony Andrew, Jefteroon 
3rd 
O R I G I N A L 
O R A T O R Y 
— Irm o A nsae Jefferson, Isl 
Ja m ie 
Lvda, Jefferson. 2nd, Sophie Bete they. M acArth* or. (rd 
I M P R O M P T U S P E A K I N G 
- B m H o lm e s 
Is l; F r a n c is c o G o n z a le z , J e f f e r s o n , 2nd 
Hays, Churchill. 3rd 

Lee,- 
K a rt 

J U N I O R S 
Mom dish 
A g e s l l l l ) 

S E N IO R S (IS a AB elder I 
Maw dish — Sharon Heister 
Vk m dish «* Karen chmn*rn 
IWB 
Brood and dessert - 
R ■, ,gT, R (der S Z E £ tab 
Sn ack! and Bever aas 
I w tar iy S H I la it 

OKI) 

( • R U M S I a r g e n M e t 

I d o r m a 
S o u th w e s t 

 z iie 'ir D o g v e il 
M a r 

Chaplain: 
Take hack statement 

The lipxar County Jail chaplain S a ­ turday askoi! Archbishop Francis J 
Furey to retract his condemnation of all protestor* against capital punishment. 
“ I am on your side* in the anti-abor­ tion battle.’’ Chaplain Christian H. 
Kehl said 
But I cannot understand your ab ­ solute inconsistency in this outspoken supjMirt of the state s killing of who­ ever the most heinous killers are,” 
Chaplain Kehl said. 
“ Tht* state is, at least in part, you and m e,’’ ( haploid Kehl said 
“ z\re we heinous killers or holy killers *’’ 
Archbishop I* urey iii the San Antonio 
Archdiocese announced Ja n , 
I iMiav a ( abiotic 
(HHiple wh mu heinous m i l k s should pay with their most preei bion. their bv es 
Will you be kind enough to remove tilts stigma publicly* at let publication t hat archbishop 

 fri 
>t to ain K* 

28 iii com ­ ic made tu us posses- 

 im*, ur ow n 

 t s k e d t h e 

Black groups in heritage observances 

Black Heritage Month will be celebrate! by San 
Antonio’s colleges, com­ munity centers and mili­ tary bases with a full schedule of activities. 
At Trinity University, the Black Efforts group will celebrate Sunday through Saturday. 
The Rev. Claude Black will speak at the ll a m. 
Sunday worship service in Trinity’s Margarite B. 
Parker Chapel. 
At 7:3o p.m. Monday, 
Mrs. Nancy Bowman and 
Josephine Long will dis­ cuss 
Black 
Heritage 
Week at Trinity in the 
Coates Center Forum. 
A “ Soul Food Dinner” will be served in Trini­ ty's two main dining halls from 5 to 6:3o p.m. 
Tuesday. 
San Antonio’s “ Heist” will play funky music from ll a.m. to I p.m. in front of the Coates Center 
Wednesday. 
Gospel night begins at 
7:3o p m Thursday in the 
Chapman 
Graduate 
(enter Auditorium. Lo­ cal choirs will provide the music. 
Recognition 
The Black Efforts of 
T rin ity's Awards and 
Recognition Dinner will be held from 5 to 7 p.m. 
Friday in the Refectory. 
Citizens Organized for 
Public Service w ill be honored. 
Black Efforts also will hold a fund-raising dance from 9 p.m. to I a m. Sa­ turday in the Carver 
Community 
Cultural 
Center. Proceeds will be donated to the Negro 
(’ollege Fund. 
San Antonio College’s 
Black Student Union will begin activities Feb. 14. 
Events planned include a display of paintings, li­ terature and crafts in the 
Fiesta Room of the Loftin 
Student Center. 
At 7 p.m. Feb. 14, 16 and 
18 production numbers of the drama, music and dance classes will be presented in 
McCreless Auditorium. 
Fashion show 
A fashion show and disco dance will be held from I to 3 p m. Feb. 18 in E l Alamo Room of 
Loftin Student Center. 
SA C ’s theme for the week will be “ Rhythm of 
Survival: The Beat Goes 
On." 
Events at St. Philip’s 
College begin Feb. 14 with the showing of the movie "Soul to Soul’’ in the student lounge. 
The Raymond Johnson 
Dancers w ill hold a workshop at IO a.rn. 
Tuesday in the gymna­ sium. 
To register for the workshop, telephone 
532-4211. 
On Thursday. Voices 
Inc. will present “ Jour­ ney into Darkness" from 
IO a m. to noon in the auditorium. 
Rep. Sutton 
State Rep. Lou Nolle 
Sutton will participate in a panel discussion at 7 p.m. Thursday. 
Friday’s activities will include a talk by Alfred 
Baker Lewis, treasurer emeritus of the National 
Assn. for the Advance- f ment of Colored People, at 8 a m. in the student lounge and a faculty communications work­ shop at 1:3o p.in. in the auditorium. 
Disco dances w ill be held from 3 to 5 p.m. in the student lounge. 
Black History Week will be observed on Ran­ dolph 
A F B 
Monday through 
Saturday. 
A gospel singing con­ cert will be held al 7 p m. 
Wednesday in Chapel 2. 
Featured will be Donald 
Bedford Gospel Chorale and Frankie Walley. 
A dinner and dance at 6 p.m. Saturday in the 
NCO open mess w ill w ind up the activities. Guest speaker will be CM. Sgt. 
Thomas J. Echols, senior enlisted advisor of the 
Air Force Security Ser­ vice at Kelly A FB 
Lackland 
At Lackland A F B , a luncheon featuring Clin­ ton 
Smith as guest speaker is set for Friday. 
Smith is vice chairman of the Civil Service Com­ m ission’s Interagency 
Advisory Group 
A youth day program, featuring the "Young 
Gifted and Black In c." will be presented at the 
Chaparral Recreation 
Center at I p.m. Satur­ day 
Awards w ill be pre­ sented to Black Heritage youth art contest win­ ners 
A soul night gala will be held al 7 pm Feb 18 in the O fficer's Open 

Mess. The gala includes dinner, a dramatic pro­ duction by the “ Dimen­ sions in B la c k " and dancing to the “ Nite De­ posit." 
Beginning Kelly A F B ’s activities, Dr. John T. 
King, president of Hus- ton-Tillotson College in 
Austin, w ill speak on 
“ Religion" at 11:15 a m. 
Feb. 13 in the new Kelly 
Base Chapel. 

Cultural 

A cultural recital fea­ turing the 
Kelly 
N'Chanters ( horal Group md prose and poetry readings by Josephine 
Bellinger and Katherine 
Beverly will be held in the chapel that afternoon. 
The San Antonio Air 
Logistics 
Center directorate will schedule individual events in work areas Feb. 15. Music will be provided by the 
"E m o tio n s" in Kelly 
Dining Hall No. 2. 
Joseph Atkinson Jr ., chief of Equal Employ­ ment Opportunity Pro­ grams at NASA in Hous­ ton, will speak on “ Em ­ ployment" at the Feb. 16 luncheon in the NCO 
Club. 
Brig. Gen. Thomas 
Clifford, commander of the 26th Air Division at 
Luke A F B in Arizona, will speak on the “ M ili­ tary” at the Feb. 17 lun­ cheon in the NCO Club. 
The Rev. Mr. Black will speak on “ Politics” at the NCO luncheon Feb. 
18. 

Kelly 

Black Heritage Week at Kelly will close with a 
Cultural Festival Feb. 19 in Building 1612. Dance music will be prov ided by the Life and Death 
Experience, Ayers of 
K A BE radio station and the First Production 
Band. 
The festival will fea­ ture art exhibits by local artists. 
Special programs are scheduled at Ft. Sam 
Houston’s recreation centers during the week of Feb. 13 through 19. 
"C o ntrib u tions." a presentation of the St. 
Philip's College drama department, will be pre­ sented at 6 p.m. Feb. 13 in the Road 
Runner 
Center and at 7:3o p.m. in the Hacienda Center. 

Fashions 
“ Al Lee’s Fas mob Re­ view ," focusing on the latest in modern contem­ porary designs and high­ lighting black cultural trends, will be held at 
6:3o p.m. Feb. 15 in the 
Road Runner and at 8:3o p.m. in the Hacienda. 
A “ Pot Bourn of Black 
Culture" will start at 7:3o p.m. Feb. 16 in the Ha­ cienda 
Center. 
The 
Wheatley High Jubilees 
Choir will perform and honored guest w ill be 
Miss Black San Antonio. 
“ A Night in New Or­ leans" is set for 8 p.m. 
Feb. 17 in the Road Run­ ner center. Soul and Ca­ jun food will be served and black musicians will perform. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

Trinity sets dance marathon for charity 

NATIONAL WI AT MU SilVtCI. 
NOAA, U.S. el Coup or c r ^ 

S A N A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
T Y 
— M o s tly s u n n y an d m ild 
S u n d a y . In c r e a s in g c lo u d in e s s and not so cold S u n d a y night. 
C o n s id e r a b le c l o u d l e s s a n d m ild 
M o n d a y w ith a s lig h t ch an ce of light ra in or drizzle. 
Lo w Sun d ay n e ar 4o. High Sun d ay near 6o. H ig h M o n d ay in the upper Ms. E a s t to so u th e aste rly w inds 5 to IO m ph 
Sun rise s a* 
7:21 and sets at 6:16, The moon is full. M oon rise s at IO: IO d rn. and sets at 9:23 a m. T e m o ero 
(u re a S a tu rd a y ran g ed from 39 to 6? degrees. 
R E L A T I V E H U M ID IT Y - 27 per cent as of 7 p m. S a tu rd a y. 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l ra in fa ll for th e 24 h o u r p e rio d ending at 6 p m. S a tu rd a y , none, tor the m onth, .17 of on inch, tor th e y e a r . 
3.27 
In c h e s . 
A c c u m u la te d d e p a r t u r e fr o m norm al tor the m onth, m inus .13 of an In ch ; for the y e a r, plus 1.26 inches. 
N O R T H 
T E X A S — F a ir an d w a r m e r S u n d a y . I n c r e a s i n g 
C lo u d in ess a n d tu rn in g co o le r 
Su n d ay night and M o n d ay. Po s sibte light ra in in th e e a s te rn portion M o n d ay 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
— 
M o s t ly s u n n y a n d m ild S u n d a y 
In c re a s in g clo ud in ess and not so cold Su n d ay night 
C o n sid erab le cloudiness and m ild M o n d ay with interm ittent light rain or drizzle. 
W E S T 
T E X A S 
- G e n e r a lly fair through M o nd ay. T u rn in g a little cooler in the n orth ern por tion Sund ay 
N A T IO N A L — S n o w f lu r r ie s will p ersist from n orthern N ew 
E n g la n d th ro u g h th e e a s te r n 
G r e a t L a k e s r e g io n a n d th e 
N orth and C e n tra l A p p alach ia n s. 
Scatte red rain w ill tall o ve r the 
P a c ific N orthw est and reoch into north and ce n tra l C alifo rn ia . The re s t of th e c o u n tr y w ill h a v e m o stly su n n y skie s. 
It w ill be colder in the m id A tla n tic coast s ta te s a n d r e m a in a u ite co ld over the G re a t L a k e s region and the O hio V a lie v 
It w ill be cool over the P a c ific N o rth w est into n o rth ern C a lifo rn ia and w ill be m ild in Utoh, the rest of Cantor m a and p arts of north and cen trot Rockies. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low est, 23 d eg rees below zero at In tern atio n al F a lls . M inn. 
H ig h est, 81 d e g re e s ot P a lm 
Sp rings, Colit. 

M A R IN E 
W IN D S — E a s t to s o u fh e a s te rly winds 12 to 17 m ph Su n d ay and Su n d a y night. S e a s 2 to 4 feet in cre asin g S u n d ay night 
T I D E S — P o r t A r a n s a s to r 
M o n d ay 
H ig hs at 4 OI a rn. and 
5 o7 p.m. Lo w s at to 41 a rn. and l l 29 p.m . P o rt Isobel for M on d a y : H ig hs at 6 o6 p rn and 5 OO a rn. L o w s a t 
11:3o a rn. o n d 
12:18 p rn. 

G R E A T E R S A N A N T O N IO 
Son Antonio 
39 
62 
S O U T H T E X A S 
Austin 
4o 
B ro w n s v ille 
49 
C orpus C h risti 47 
Cotulla 
Dei Rio 
Ju n ctio n 
Vie tor ta 

Abilene 
A lpine 
A m a rillo 
E l P a s o 
F o rt W orth 
Houston 
Lub b ock 
Lu fk in 
Son A ngelo 
W aco 

38 
39 
31 
41 
T E X A S 
77 
27 
78 
31 
46 
17 
36 
31 3> 

D e n ve r 
Honolulu 
Lo s A ngeles 
L a s V e g a s 
Phoenix 

S O U T H W E S T 

Soil Lu k e C ity 73 
San D iego 
48 

5o 
86 
74 
68 
/I 
41 
Ii 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

F o re c a s t 

C ity 
T e m p ra tu re 

Sun. 

A m a rillo 
21 5o 

Austin 

L a re d o 

?! SO 
F a ir , cooter 
32 6o 
Su n n y, m ild 
36 65 
So n n y, m ild 
C orpus C h risti 
41 65 
C lo ud y, m ild 
V ic to ria 
35 65 
Su n n y, m ild 
D a lla s F o rt W o rth 
31 56 
F a ir , w a rm e r 
M cA lle n B ro w n s v ille 46 66 
55 66 
C loud y, m ud 
Houston 
31 61 
4o 6o 
Son n y, m ild 

4o 56 

5o 61 

5o 61 

3! 5o 

7 w 

■■ 
I A 

This beautiful lady is coming back to San Antonio to do something beautiful. For you. And for Holy 
Cross High School. All proceeds from the show will help continue the permanent endowment for Holy Cross. 
Au evening with \ ikki Carr 
IkiK'iit for Holy Cross 
Saturday, Mac 2b SGO pan. 
Ile misiair Arena 

ADV ANCI: TICKETS AVAILABLE MOW BY MAIL 
Write The VWu Carr Show, Ho»y Crow highschool, 
426 N San Felipe San Antonio 78228. or ca* 43386oo 

Gotd Cheki"JOT 
Reserved* IO.OO.*8.5o.*7.SO,*5.SO,»3.5o 
General AdmkatonS^SO 
_ 

SAN A N T O N IO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N i m 
1614 
A v *. 
R*C 
Jon 
I IO 
O U 
1 7 * 
8 32 
Feb 
o 17 
o 13 
VAS 
7 88 im 
167* 
A v *. 
RWC. 
M o r 
I 2o 
o 52 
I 67 
4 19 
A p r 
567 
2 36 
2 28 l l 64 
M OV 
5 8o 
6 61 
3 45 
14 o7 
J u n 
I 61 
4 6o 
2 65 
IO 44 
J u ly 
5 36 
o 44 
1.66 
8 18 
A u g 
2 o9 
1.22 
2 36 l l 14 
Seat 
3 79 
o SI 
4 56 
IS 78 
Oct 
8 48 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 56 
NOV 
2 46 
o o 3 
I 37 
6 79 
Dec 
I 95 
I 48 
I 75 
6 22 

B oise 
C asp er 
H elen a 
Po rtlan d , 

13 
25 
15 
O re. 32 
Rap id C ity 
VO 
Son F r a n c is c o 49 
S eattle 
36 
Spokane 
25 
N O R T H C E N T R A L 
C hicago 
o4 
IO 
D etroit 
o3 
49 
Duluth 
'2 
o6 
Ind ianap o lis 
o6 it 
M ilw a u k e e 
o2 
o8 
M um St. P a u l 
OI 
OR 
O m ah a 
21 
35 
Sit 
Ste. M a rie 13 
o3 
N O R T H E A S T 

S O U T H C E N T R A L 
K a n sa s City 
13 
3o 
OO 
Lo u isville 
19 
24 
.o3 
M em p his 
3o 
39 
.OO 
O klah o m a C ity 19 
54 
OO 
St 
Lo uis 
12 
22 
OO 
W ich ita 
19 
55 
OO 
S O U T H E A S T 
A tlanta 
35 
43 
OO 
B irm in g h a m 
38 
45 
OO 
C harlesto n 
44 
57 
OO 
Ja c k s o n v ille 
47 
61 nO 
N ew O rle a n s ll 
56 
OO 
R ale ig h 
29 
54 
OO 
R ichm ond 
28 
45 
.oo 
T am p a 
ST 
64 
OO 
N O R T H W E S T 
B is m a rc k 
OI 
IO 
.oo 

Boston 
2o 
B u ffalo 
o5 
C le velan d 
o8 
Colum bus ll 
N ew Y o rk City 22 
P h ilad e lp h ia 
19 
Pittsb u rg h 
o7 
Po rtlan d , M e 
12 
W ashington 
21 

32 
15 
IO 
14 
32 
35 
I/ 
3o 
41 

OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.o2 
.oo 
.O I 
OO 
OO 
OO.oo 
.oo 
oo 

IO 
16 
I ? 
o7 
.7o 
Pl 
.o9 
OO 
OO 

Trinity University students will dance away two nights in March for muscular dystrophy. 
Proceeds from the second annual dance marathon will be donated to the Muscular Dystrophy Assn. In­ signia Theta Tau, sponsors of the Trinity dance marathon. 
The campus organization has set a $1o,(1oo goal for the donation. The first dance marathon, held last year, netted $2,ooo for muscular dystrophy. 
Students began registering Tuesday for the dance marathon, and will begin contacting individuals and 
Hartman shifts tack on COPS 

 businesses in San Antonio seeking sponsors who will pledge financial support for every hour a couple dances. 
The dancing is scheduled to begin at 8 p m. March 
18 in the Sams Center Ballroom and conclude at midnight March 19. a total of 28 hours. 
Trinity student Nancy DeLong is director of the dance marathon. Others coordinating the event are 
Mary Muley, president of Sigma Theta Tau; Heidi 
Martin, treasurer, and Julie Rogers, who is coor­ dinating the couples’ participation 
Michele Higdon of the Muscular Dystrophy Assn is working with the Trinity students. 

M E X IC O 
( M e x ic a n t e m p e r a t u r e s ap p e a r in both 
F a h r e n h e it a m i 
C e n tig ra d e or C e ls iu s 
F a h r e n heil is listed first in eg h colum n I 
A cap u lco 
. 7} 23 
88 J I 
G u a d o la ia ra 
. 5o IO 
79 26 
M azafian 
. 5! I? 
79 ?6 
M exico C liv 
18 o9 
76 71 
M o n te rrey . 
47 o6 
68 
o 

City Councilman Glen 
Hartman has issued a statement indicating jeering, shouting disrup­ tion of the city’s energy law suit settlement for­ um may not have beer caused by Communities 
Organized for Public 
Service. 

COPS President Bea­ trice Gallego and other organization executives assured Hartman, the 

 council member said, that shouting was led by non-COPS people iii the packed Mission Room audience. 
Farber in tin' week, 
Hartman leveled charges of "childish behavior’’ at 
COPS, blaming them for the disorderly conduct that interrupted the lengthy public forum on the proposed out-of court settlement of the Coastal 
States Gas Corp. dispute 

Important notice regarding 
M ontgomery W ard advertising section in today’s new spaper. 

The 76” Grandfather clock on page 12 of 
Wards color sect ion is incorrectly described as “all wood”. This item is crafted of pecan- finished hardwood solids and hardwood ven­ eers over wood products and represents an excellent value at Wards sale price. 

/VWJNTtiOAAt WX 
IW A I N 
I I 

TICKETS ALSO AVAILABLE 
AT JO SH ES Morth Su i Mail 
Las h i tm** 
Ajari*. Hoi* 
Windsor Pk* W S t A RS Centra! P*ik aw xvhiaiv Dove konvana FW * 

Attitude 
At theTravis, 
It’s Everythin 

It’s why I he Travis is conservative yet progressive. It s why our paramount determination is to he one of the soundest, safest associations in San Antonio. 
That was our attitude when we first opened in the 
Twenties. And it worked. 
It sustained us — kept our doors open th rough (lie Great 
Depression — and has kept us on a solid, unswerving path of sound growth from 1927 to 1977. 

5o years! A milestone in our history. 
J 
And the next 5o will be just as sound .. . just as successful. 
It has a lot to do with attitude. 

SOI North Main Ave * 223-3o21 
663o Callaghan Road 1341-7277 
51o9 WaUem Road 
656*66oo 

« 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

To have your /problem sol vet! or a i/ucs- tion answered,, write Aet ital - Express, I* A). 
Box 21 7 1, San Antonio, TX 782*)7. 

Bunch o f hot air 

I cannot believe the national news media. 
I was watching Good Morning America the other day and there was some obviously uninformed individual on there arguing in favor of gas decontrol. 
Among the absurd things he said were these: 
Texas has deregulated natural gas and has a more than ample supply. 

I guess this person hadn’t heard about all tin! curtailments all over South Texas from Lo-Vaca 
Gathering Co. and the closing of schools and other services in the customer region of Lone Star Gas Co. in Wichita Falls. 

The next thing he said was that decontrol should increase the price of gas by only IB per cent 

As I recall, before San Antonio’s natural gas contracts were “ decontrolled” by an order from the 
Texas Railroad Commission, San Antonio was paying 23.75 cents per thousand cubic feet. Now we are paying IO T IM E S that amount or a 1ooo per cent increase — that is a far cry from the IB per cent this pipe dreamer is talking about. 
What group did this man speak for and to whom can I complain about this sort of idiocy? 
R EA D Y TO E X P L O D E 

Okay, the guy was a spokesman for the LLS. 
Chamber of Commerce and he pretty much fol­ lowed the argum ents used by spokesmen for the gas industry — that without higher prices the cost of exploration is such that the gas com panics cannot afford to look for new gas supplies. 
Certainly the man s in­ form ation about Texas gas prices and Texas supplies was awry to sa> the least. 
Gov, Dolph Brisco e, however, appeared on network television later last week and set the re­ cord straig h t — that 
Texans are paying higher prices and Just barely have enough gas. 

O bservers who have been listening to the chant for higher gas prices to assure a bigger supply are wondering why Texans who have al ready been paying higher gas prices still have spotty supplies. 
Some nationally pro m inent industry watchers have hinted the whole gas shortage is a fab rication of the gas companies. That debate, of course, will continue to rage for months. lf you want to air your grievances about the 
Good Morning Am erica comments, however, you can write to the show in care of ABC Television,' 
133o 
Avenue of the 
Americas, New York Ci­ ty. lotus. 

D e p o s it lost 

This is another apartment deposit hassle. On .lune 
I. I moved into a San Antonio apartment complex. I paid a deposit of $1oo, a pet deposit of $2oo and the first month's rent of $395, and signed a six months' lease. 
After six months of frustration ami irritation, I decided to move. This sequence followed: 
On Nov. 3o, the lease expired. On Dee. I, I paid one month's rent. On Dec. ti. I gave notice in writing I intended to vacate in 3o days due to “ cost, quality and condition.” 
On Jan. 21 I received a letter advising me that the lease requirements were not met, the total $3oo deposit is forfeited and $197.5o is due for the five days’ rent in January and that I had IO days to pay or the matter would be turned over to their attorneys. 
I consulted the local military legal office. Their adv ice: sue for that portion of the deposit in excess of normal cleaning, dofleamg and rent. 
I^egal action s(*ems a little drastic, lf you could help iii .settling lip matter, I would be most appre­ ciative. 
G. VI 

It s already settled. 
You owe the apartment complex $197.5o in hack rent and have forfeited the entire deposit. 
It's all right there in your lease, Under the 
Texas apartm ent occu­ pancy laws. I K IP LE da­ mages are assessed for unpaid rent, just as triple damages are assessed for unreturned deposits. 
Also, the lease specifi­ cally says that the depo sit may NGT be used lo pay rent. It also says that if you break the lease. you forfeit the entire de­ posit. 
It was all there in black and while. 
Me do get numerous complaints about apart ment complexes being slow at times or refusing to refund deposits for no apparent reason, A c ­ tion-Express has taken some of the apartment 

 complexes lo task 
But not all of these problems are caused by the apartment managers. 
This case is a prime ex­ am ple: tenant breaks lease and doesn't want to pay any penally . 
Well, the penalties are written into law. The mi­ litary legal office is mis­ informed about what you should do. You haven t got a leg to stand on. You can force them to take you to court lo recover the five davs' lent at tri­ ple damage rate, but this is a prim a facie case under the la w and it would probably he a waste of tim e to even bother hiring an attorney 
— although you can cer­ tainly do so if you want. 
Frankly, the tenant has some obligations too. You failed lo meet yours and now have to pay the price. 

WOAI-KMOL 

I used to live in ban Antonio and always told my friends about the “ W ” television station they had here — meaning MO.AI 
Now, I have returned lo town and found out the former WGA! is now KMOL What happened? Did the EM finally require that alt stations west of the 
Mississippi K l.cr have IC cull letters-' 
B Vt K IN TOU N 

Nope, the radio and television combine mere­ ly split up 
The radio station still 
•was the H U A I call let-' lent. When the ownership spilt, the television sta- 
U M had Ut go hunting for 

 senif new call letters and, as required by FCT regulations, it had to be something starting with a “ I i" instead of a **W” because of our location west of the Mississippi. 

 with 3 memory keys featuring: 

• sign interchange key 

• large digitron display 

• autom atic constant 

LIVING ROOM b y C R E S T L I N E 

C r e s t lin e s o f a , lo v o s o a f a n d ro ck e r w ith 

C R E S T L I N E 
« " • « ” >«•- lin o con struction. 

A UMTI& DISCOUNT VALUE 

VELVET SOFA & LOVESEAT 

Beautiful quilted velvet sofa and loveseat. Traditional style goes with anything. Choice of colors. 
A ONSTED DISCOUNT VALUE............ 

INSTANT 
CREDIT 
AVAILABILE* 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

WE BOUGHT ALL 
THEY HAD AT THE 
FACTORY AT A 
FANTASTIC DIS- 
C O U N T A N D 
NOW OFFER CAR­ 
LOADS OF THIS 
FINE FURNITURE 
BELOW WHOLE- 
SALE. 

‘ SOURCE MFG. PRICE LIST. 

(Pric* list av ailab le for im p e r- 
•io n a t e ith e r U n ite d lo ca- tian.l 

CONCEPT 

You can literally make a room to suit yourself with this fine furniture. All pieces except bookcases are lighted. 
Center glide, dustproof construction. White finish on select veneers with chrome accents 

ITEM 

SUGGESTED 

RETAIL 

 l l 

BOOKCASE 
*183 
*69 

EBK SOI MASSO ARD, 
*----- i. - - ... ... 
W I WM*** TV* bal UWM 
*232 
*79 

TWM SU! HEADBOARD, 
*223 
•69 

COMR BISK, lighted 
*289 
•99 

VARTY,« b - L ^ j 
N W T W j w E I I N N i 
*378 
*139 

BBH* prowar*, 
RnlllOEl 
*253 
•89 

Choose from 1oo's of Living Room, Den, Dining a n d Bedroom suites. All with our , . . 
‘ GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 
JACKSON 
SQUARE 

(♦GUARANTEE 

WI GUARANTEE** THE LOWEST FURNITURE 
I PRICES Of ANY FURNITURE STORE ANYWHERE. 
REGARDLESS OF ANY TYPE SALE (MERGER 
SALES, END OF MONTH, CLEARANCE OR ANY 
I OTHER SALE. 

**IF YOU CAN FIND ANY NEW FURNITURE AT 
ANY STORE, ANYWHERE THAT BEATS THE PRICE 
I OF ANY FURNITURE YOU BUY AT UNITED DIS- 
COUNT FURNITURE WE WILL REFUND TO YOU 
12o% OF THE DIFFERENCE. (CONDITIONS: (I) 
PRICE CONFIRMATION IS REQUIRED (2) MUST 
BE WITHIN 3o DAYS OF PURCHASE (3) MUST Bi 
AURE AND OF SAME BRAND AND/OR MODEL 
NUMBER(S). 

<7 ut.TI' 

Ii t v 

STYLE AND CONSTRUCTION 
COMBINE TO CREATE 
REAL VALUE 

There s something so homey and hospita­ ble about a roomy oak trestle table like this. Things like bolted support blocks in the tre s tle s c o n trib u te to su p e rio r strength arid rigidity when the table is fully extended, thus allowing family and 

WE'VE NEVER SEEN ANY OTHER FURNI­ 
TURE STORE ANYWHERE OFFER THIS 
GUARANTEE 

FAMOUS NAME BRANDS 
BASSETT ★ DESOTO ★ BROYHILL ★ 
AMERICAN DREW ★ WALDRON ★ 
SINGER ★ California stylos ★ COLONY 
★ FORREST ★ SHASTID ★ FURNITURE 
DESIGNS ★ BERNHARDT A WESTWOOD 
A STANDARD A STONEVILLE A 
SUPERIOR A DAGLE A CHAIRMAKERS 
CRIDDLE A WOODWARD A IMPERIAL A 
KINDER A WATERS A S K A BARKEL A 
STYLE LINE A HOOKER A NULL A 
HARITON VAUGHAN-BASSETT A 
CRESTLINE A and othors . . . 

 friends lots of knee and elbow loom for uncramped dining. In addition, the 4 side chairs and 2 arm chairs are con­ structed and formed to fit your back by being bowled and glued into the chair seats rather than being nailed or tacked. 
Highlighting this beautiful group is a gorgeous lighted china cabinet in which you can show off your family heirlooms. 
This is the type dining room grouping built from the ground up. pure quality workmanship designed and hand-crafted by skilled craftsmen. 

THESE ARE OUTSTANDING FEATURES 
THAT MAKE THIS DINING ROOM SUITE 
A SUPER VALUE . . . 

A. Solid hardwood construction with oak vonoor 
B. Doubt# dowlod chair support rails for rigidity and durability. 

C Carved dowlod stretchers for added strength. 
D. Ba ck post design and logs are dowlod and glued into each soot. 

E. Bolted trestle block support for added strength and rigidity when table is extended. 

SS $7 5 o 
INSTANT 
CREDIT 
AVAILABLE 
;™ -. 
JLT'ki ^ l ,4m, J»*V i ■ 
, r* * , 
> L \ 

A L L Y O U N U O IS: 

A 
B fF M P lO rE D - 
* 
’N " r : V 
* 
A VALID DRIVELS LICENSE 
* 
Bf OVER 18 YEARS OLD 
A 
A LISTED PHONE 
* 
A MAJOR CREDIT CARD (BunkAmrmurd 
Mutter Charge, A m erican Eiprett,, Dint 
Club! 
* 
. 
‘ 

 or revolving charge available in any amount. 
No Godit Card is required. 

P. Solid inlay oak vonoor table top with specially treated boat, stain and scratch-resistant veneers 
G. AU construction ports are wood except for screws. 
H. Credenza and hutch hardware —- beautiful antique brass. 
I. Mitred and dowlod table top rims for oddod beauty. 
J. Slightly angled logs prevent rocking. 
K. Loaf extenders modo of solid wood. 
AN EXCELLENT 
UNITED DISCOUNT VALUE 
$1 1 9 5 

 oui rm kJt 

4 
C M P M OW LO* o is c m i pine is m r whiRL lit m w rf Tis 

(U h o tc d 
[All praam 

TUTT 

IAU MERCHANDISE SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALI. 
SOLD U t CO M I — U t SERVED W I RESERVE THI 
RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES ON A U MERCHAN­ 
T S !. SO M ! M ERCHANDISE ILLUSTRATED M AY 
NOT BB EXACTLY AS SHOWN. 

Cf OCH V A r uncut i i 
I AIUINl 

 u u t truest et CMI— tse.ffO im m m m s 

IAT. 
I i ilk ca 
I 
* lr* rn 
I f l M M 

FINI f UBN) TURI TOR A TRACTION Of RIT AIL 

 p l a n t e r s 

< 

 finish p«»n'',, 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday Feb 6 I 9 7 7 

We w a n t to be fa vo rite store 

LADIES' LONG AND 
SHORT SLEEVED GAUZE SHIRTS 

LONG 
SLEEVED 

"T o p s " in fa sh io n s' Long sleeved shirts w ith p la cke t fro nts, tw o -b u tto n cuffs and fro n t fla p pockets in cotto n gauze fa b ric, woven in India, N a tu ra l, pastels and as­ sorted plaids in S-M -L sizes. Scoop em up a t W oolco's unbeatable low price. 

 r> pockets, em broidered applique yokes, more Pre w ashed & indigo den im*. Some slim sues too. Navy, light blue. rust and green Sites 7-14 
Pastoral pastim e 

BAVARIAN farm ers enjoy a snow sled race in Parsberg/ a village 6 o miles south o f 
Munich, W est G erm any, recently. Com pe­ titors race horse-drawn sleds over an icy course in the sport which is popular in the 
Bavarian highlands. — AP W irephoto 

SHORT 
SLEEVED 

Ladies' short sleeves gauze shirts to m atch w ith your jeans. Com e w ith roll up sleeves in co tto n gauze fa b rics in sizes S-M -L. 

LADIES' DENIM 
JEANS 
TS Ai 97 
Orbiting telescope may view beginnings o f tim e 

JEANS! JE A N S ! JE A N S ! E ve ryb o dy's fa ­ v o rite fashion w ith up to the m inute styles. 
Choose fro m a w id e selection o f stitched fla re a nd s tra ig h t leg leans. M a tch w ith our w id e selection o f gauze shirts. Sizes 5- 

( A ir s WESTERN SHIRTS 

O u r e n tire h a n g in g stock o f m en's w estern shirts, lust rig h t fo r th e R o d e o . T a k e y o u r choice Sizes S -M -l-X l. 

W ASHINGTON POST SER V O 
WASHINGTON - The 
United States plans in 
1983 to orbit a telescope half as big as the largest telescope on earth that will peer almost to the edge of space arid the beginnings of time. 
Included in the new budget former President 
Ford sent to Congress, the $435 million te le s­ cope. if approved, would be c a rrie d assay from earth by a stro n a u ts m anning the reusable space shuttle. 
The 2o.ooo-pound teles­ cope will be left u n a t­ tended in space more than 3oo miles above the earth, where there is no atm o sp here to blur or obscure the planets, stars and galaxies that it is destined to observe for 
IO to 2o years. 
‘‘Without the blurring of the atmosphere.” said 
Dr. John 
Bahcall of 
Princeton 
University’s 
Institute for Advanced 
Study, w here the idea 

 answer lots of our ques­ tions. 
Besides peering at q u a sa rs, the space telescope will be used to observe s ta rs that a s ­ tronom ers believe are just now being born. The suspicion is that many new stars lie in the Orion 
Nebula, where the hottest and youngest stars have long been observed. 

Plans are that once an earthbound telescope catches what looks like a star being born, signals would be sent to the space telescope aiming it at the new star. Once the space telescope confirms it has found a new star, telescopes all over the world could track it to read its temperature, tell whether a galactic gas cloud surrounds it and even identify the organic chemical constiuents of the cloud. 

In addition to the most distant objects, the space 

REG. 9.96-14.96 

■ 
■ PAIR 
SPECIAL BUY! 
E v e ry R o d e o g o e r needs c ris p new jeans fo r the show even if yo u d o n 't rid e in a n y e ve n ts. 

Sizes 2 9-38. 

Never! ... hove you found quality boots a t such a fantastic price ... |ust in tim e for coming events. Loather uppers 
As­ sorted styles and colors. Children's sizes. 

16 OZ. 
FLEX 

SHAMPOO 
CONDITIONER 

72x9o ASST. 
BLANKET 
88 
Wooko 
T W IN 
Pino 
FULL 
For b o o u tifc l hair th e new telescope will give as­ tronom ers their first chance ta o h eserve in liela il the m y ste r­ ious a m i iii sin ut quasars 

 telescope will exam ine some of the closest i bodies in tile heavens. 
Nearby galaxies will bv* j mapped and distances to i the nearest s ta rs and j between the nearest stars will be measured accur­ ately for the first time. 
Ultraviolet 
Besides optics half the size of P a lo m a r’*, the space telescope will be equipped with lenses and ■ instruments to let it look in the ultraviolet and the in frared p a rts of the spectrum. 
Most of the infrared and all of the ultraviolet are denied earthbound telescopes because the atmosphere blocks them out. 
“ It s like tieing able to see only purple or pink.” 
Dr. Bahcall said. “ You’d have an incomplete pic­ ture of things, never be­ ing able to see trees, people and most of the house* they live in.” 
The National Aeronau­ tics and Space Adminis­ tration plans Friday to ask space contractors to hid on building the space telescope 
The telescope will get its pictures huck to earth through another satellite, which will he positioned in stationary orbit above the United States It will serve as radio relay for the spare telescope. 
The sluice agency plans to send astronauts in the space shuttle lo rendez­ vous with the telescope every five year* to r e ­ place worn out or da maged parts 

 was conceived, ‘‘we will fie able to see things that are IO times smaller than we see now or IO times farther away. It will be like reading the writing on a quarter that we could only tell was round before.” 
Universe 
A stronom ers believe that even the w orld ’s biggest telescope on Mi. 
P alo m ar has seen no fa rth e r than halfway across the universe Be­ cause it will he outside the atm o sp h ere. 
Dig space telescope will see things almost at the edge of the universe though if s half the size of the 
2oo-inch Palomar 
This means the teles­ cope will see almost to the beginning of tim e since the m ore distant si ars are those horn in the first m om ents of creation. 
Some of the most dis­ tant objects viewed with earthbound telescopes are the mysterious qua­ sars. which radiate thou­ sands of times the energy that ordinary stars of the same size put out, 
"We don’t know whether quasars are ga­ laxies in birth, dying ga­ laxies or not galaxies al a ll,” Princeton** Dr. 
Bahcall said 
“ We don’t even know if there are galaxies asso­ ciated with quasars be­ cause we can’t see them. 
(the galax ies). What we'll be able to do with the s p a c e telescope I* sec all the fuzz around the quasars, which should 

 lO -C A llO M ^ 
AQUARIUM KIT 
188 

GAT H O M 
OLIDE PROJECTOR 
Utoo ttrctiqM 
M Aft 

 or rotary hey 
A 
U w/remote control 

WRIST ROCKET 
SLINGSHOT 
LUBE, OIL & FATER 
SPECIAL 

WOOtCO « l> l« V lt TMI IIOWI IO UMH O U A N lU llt — NOT « l> .O N H « l l (O * TI-O OtAPM ICAl I I I M I 
WOOL CO M AK F S I T t ASX TO SHOP 

2 7 1 o A U S T IN 

HWY A f W A I! IM 
6 5 3 - 4 4 6 1 
, Sh. kaTx.TTKt. JiarmrfiBic 
MN 
* Convenient T «me * Payment 
* Convenient Lay Away Plan ttpuastvi 3* SSM! tutu Miysfttl 
SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M . TO 9x3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

« 

} 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD THRU 
WEDNESDAY 

WE WANT TO BE YOUR FAVORITE STORE 

Whirlpool 17 CU. FT, 
NO-FROST 
REFRIGERATOR 
FREEZER 

FeoturM separata 
No Frost 
473 tu 
<1 freezer 

Separate temperature controls for refrigerator ond 

 freezer selections. Slide-out Crispers. Built in Eggs Nest 

 ond Butter Compartment Power Saving Heater Control 

Switch 
# EDT 171 SU 
ICE-MAKER ICE MAGIC 
_ 
_ 
o/ 
NOW. . . 
SO o„ *3o 

REG. 399.95 

Whirlpool 

12 CU. FT. 
FREEZER 
*248 
REG. 269.95 

Just 2 feet wide, this freezer puts plenty of con­ 

 venient storage space right at your finger tips. 

And there's super-storage door. Adjustable tem­ 

 perature control Million-Magnet door. Sealed- 

 in-steel compressor. 

JUST SAY, 
“ CHARGE IT!” 

OFF 

REG. PRICE 
REG. $6o 

Whirlpool 
4-CYCLE 2 SPEED 
AUTOMATIC WASHER 
*278 

• ? washing ond 7 spin speeds 

• 4 cycles NORMAL, (NIT. H W U WESS and 

CENTI E. 

• 4 wosh/rinse water temps 

• 3 lood size water savings selector 

• (osy to deon filter 

• Cool-down care tor Perm! Prest fabrics 

• SURGILATOI agitator 

• Porcelain enameled top and lid 

• Boc Poe laundry Information Center * 

IDAS/oo 

3 TEMPERATURE 
ELECTRIC DRYER 

$198 

• Special cool down care for Permanent Press ond 

Knit Fabrics 

• 3 drying temperature se lotions* TUMBLE 

PRESS control 

• titre tor go lint tcrereen lorge SR co ft 

 drying drum 

• Push to start button Automatic door shut 

 off Boc Pub Laundry Information Center # 

LOE57oo ro m a n 

MICROWAVE OVEN 

REG. 
389.99 

• Save energy ond time and money, features automatic defrost cycle 
• Cuts cooking time up to 75%. No installation-fits on kitchen counter. 
# 54 3454________________________________________J 

 f i g s r n 
■ T M jP | 
■ rn.,rn— IM I M a 
L 1 i>WM UartM 
J 

IMM vet Ha* IMM! t« OM**SAWA M* I 

SANYO 
1 9 ” DIAGONAL COLOR 
PORTABLE TV 
*318 

Automatic fuse tuning 
KJOS solid state chessis fer lew power con 

 sumption ond the ultimata rn reliability A madam stoa-af t|» art in­ 

 strument wit* on rn Im* gun slatted mask black maine prfuia tube 

 w ltth provides sharper contrast better detail and more brdboat color 
ViMim 

MEDITERRANEAN 
CONSOLE STEREO 
*238 

AM/FMTM stere receiver 
Built in auto/ mongol I track tope player recorder 
ISI record changer 
Duocone speaker system #5424511 

REG. 299.99 

------- ------------- - 

 r e e l w eir m n M I U 
♦ >« »ee> 

 l l / te n 
I .IMA 
I U e r e . 

H ie ear w u i u t ae 
IM IMI 

H i e eire nm 
•m ll M M M 
IM M U 

 s h o o w o o s c o a i e a m l o «-**> a rn moomsav m a w us i we u n r 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 
North Star Mall plans salute to S.A. Stock Show, Rodeo 

North Star Mall will salute the San 
Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo Feb. 8-12 with “ Rodeo Week.” 
Woman named regent 

I 
SFtCIAl TO THC EXPStSS NEWS 
SEGUIN - Mrs. Irene 
M. Quintanilla of San 
Antonio has been elected to a six-year term on the 
Texas Lutheran College 
Board of Regents. 
She is the widow of 
Humberto Quintanilla, a former regent who died in 1975. 
Mrs. Q uintanilla, a sp ecial education in ­ structor, earned her ba­ chelor of arts degree with certification in special education from Incarnate 
Word College in 1974. She is a candidate for a mas­ ters degree in education from Antioch College. 
Since 19454 Mrs. Quin­ tanilla has served as an instructor in pre-school, elem en ta ry and high schools in San Antonio. 
She is a member of the 
Assn. for Exceptional 
Children, San Antonio 
Teachers Council, and is co-chairm an of the 
Membership Committee for the Democratic Wo­ men of Texas. 
Mrs. Quintanilla is a member of Our Lady of the Sorrows Catholic 
Church. 
She is the mother of four children. 

Featured will be a 
Penthouse 
Magazine 
Pet of the Month, hor­ seshoe p itch ers, g u n s­ lin g ers and w estern music. 
Rhiana Post, last z\u- g u s t’s P en th ou se P et. will be available for au­ tographs and photo­ graphs Feb. 12 from noon to 5 p.m. 

Dan Kuchinski and Sue 
Gillespie are a husband- 

 and-wife horseshoe pitching team, each three times world champions. 
Acrobat ' 
Sue is also an acrobat, executing g y m n a stic maneuvers in front of the horseshoe court as Dan sk im s h orseshoes by 
Sue’s body to take rin­ gers. 
H orseshoe pitching perform ances are scheduled in the Grand 

Court 
T uesday and 
Wednesday at 1:3o, 2:3o and 3:3o p.m. 
In every typical w es­ tern town, there are a few ornery men who enjoy a good gunfight. The guns­ lingers will be at North 
S ta r’s w estern town 
Thursday through Satur­ day. 
“The Branded Men,” a country w estern band, will perform from noon to 5 p.m. Saturday. 
RHIANA POST 

Now You Con Learn "SELF 
MIND CONTROL" 

TONY SILVA 
Vice President 

© Au uncontrolled Mind is always destructive. 

© W i t h “Self Mind Control" you can be constructive and creative. 

Be MINDFUL T o Attend A 

EVERYBODY WELCOME 

Place: HAMADA INN 
333 N. W. LOOP 41o 

KEEP IN MIND THAT: 

© A person without “Self Mind Control" can be controlled by anybody. 

© N o b o d y can Control your Mind when you have your own “Self Mind Control". 

© Y o u can learn to use “Self Mind Control" for Health, Wealth, Success and Happiness. 

© The “Silva Method" of “Self Mind Control" is now being used by more than 75o,ooo people. 

Talk on “Self Mind Control" 

NO ADMISSION CHARGE 

 l une: 8 P.M. 
LECH HE PRESENTED BY TOW SILVA 
I ICE-PRESIDENT 
Date: FEBRUARY 8th & 15th 

For More Information Call: 673-33o5 

— 
V t 
IU* VV DMD rf W f c t f to* « « « « » « » « DG tov 
V V k M « N N t l » N N 8 N 8 N 8 N V k 

$56,822,o35.77 

1972 
1973 
1974 
1975 
1976 
IN 1976.CENTRAL PARK BANK 
GREW ANOTHER 34% BY PUTTING OUR MONEY 
BACK WHERE IT CAME FROM. 

And it came from you. San Antonio. 
The businesses. The families. The individuals. You are our investment. And you’re a good one. 
Because instead of tying all of our money up in long-term investments and securities outside of San 
Antonio, we prefer to invest in something more dynamic. More likely to grow — People. And it works — well. 1976 was a good year for all of us. 

We sorts grow on you. 
It s simple anthmetic. In the past four years, Central Park Bank has grown four fold. Simple, and unheard of. But it happened. 
And in 1976 we reached 
$56,822,o35.77 in assets. That’s a 
34% growth. And that’s on top of the 38% we grew in ’75. And the 
4o% growth we saw in 1974. Look out 77, cause we re out to grow on you, too. 

The buck won’t stop here. 
Because the services wont stop. 
Like our Banker s Dozen Loan. 
(12 month loan — 13 months to pay, etc.) Your response to that program helped us increase our consumer loan base by 38% in 1976. And it showed us that we re doing something right for you. 
Plus we ve got special services for senior citizens and students. 
And 13 fast drive-in lanes to make banking easier on everybody. 

 attracted a lot of women. We recognize their role in community and business activities. And we realize that women have expenses and financial interests of their own. 
We gave a lot of credit to women in 1976. And we’re looking forward to doing more of the same in ’77. 

COrtVAi MkMM MUOI GAAB Iii 
TMI CMDHt tot O d lR V f' 

Figuratively speaking. 
And talk figures we did. To the tune of our first million dollar loan approved and funded in 
1976. At Central Park Bank we have a policy for lending. 
It has to do with need. That s why our loans cover everything from bi focals to buildings. In fact you’d be surprised how many people come to Central Park Bank because their old bank wouldn’t loan them money. 

Credit where credit is due. 
Women attracted a lot of attention in 1976. And 
Central Park Bank 

SKIP A PA Y MEH f 
WITHOUT SKIPPING TOWN 
O ut tanker tD ot« n toxin, 
, 

Mirk bank 
CGM! * 

A revolutionary idea in banking — Independence. 
From the beginning, Central 
Park Bank has kept with our declaration of independence. 
To be independent from any multi­ bank holding companies 
And we like it that way. Because instead of answering to a banking bureaucracy, we deal directly with you. our customers And when you need information, you talk directly s to us Instead of going through a lot of channels. We think things turn out better that way. 
For everybody i r 
I 

We’re right in the middle of things. 
Central Park Bank is located right in the business and financial center of San Antonio. In the GPM 
Building adjacent to Central Park 
Mall. We’re on top of San 
Antonio s growth. 
Surrounded by investment firms. Major stock and insurance companies. 
And we run our bank like a business. Keeping a careful check on earnings. 
Investments Economic changes. Anything that might affect our customers and stockholders. That gives you a kind of protection. By continued profits, with 1976 marking a record year for the bank and our stockholders. It s profit protection. 
And we think that s the best kind. 

It’s still just a start. 
Most people would think we d made it. Being able to make 
7-figure loans comfortably. Even expanding our services to the community. You may think we ve made it. But we’re not that sure. 
Because if we can increase our deposits four fold in a four year period, what s to stop us from doing it again We re out to be number one And this is just a start. 

 central paricTTbank 

P O 
B o » 
3 ? 3 * / ■ 
H o o t G P M 

S o rt A r t ic HO 7 1 Z 8 4 
I S ’ ?) J A ’ 4 6 4 ’ 
We e som eone to loan on. 

★ ★ » THESE PRICES G O O P THRU WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY P T H ? 1977 ★ ★ ★ 

 m u s 
DEPOSIT 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sunday Feb 6 I 977 
D iplom a recipient 

S P E C . 5 JEFF S. M A N ­ 
K O F F , in s tru cto r in the 

B e h a v io r a l S c ie n c e D i­ visio n at th e A ca d e m y o f 
H e a lth S c ie n c e s , is the first re cip ie n t o f a d ip lo ­ m a for co m p le tio n o f the 
C lin ic a l S p e c ia lis t C o rre ­ 

 s p o n d e n c e C o u r s e , o f ­ fe re d through the E xten ­ sion S e rv ice s D iv isio n at the aca d e m y . 

77 selected 
Nineteen-year-old Elizabeth Cisneros has been named Miss Ft Sam Houston of 1977. 
Kimberly Carpenter. 2o, and Tammy Beatty, 18, were selected as princesses. 
Coronation ceremonies will be 4:3o p.m. March ll at the NCO Club at Ft. Sam. 
Miss Carpenter is the only soldier selected to the court. She is assigned to Headquarters, U.S. Army 
Garrison. 
Miss Cisneros is the daughter of bt Col and Mrs. 
Monico Cisneros. 
Miss Beatty is the daughter of Lt. Col. and Mrs. 
Earl Beatty. 
As Miss Ft. Sam Houston, Miss Cisneros will participate in the San Antonio Fiesta celebration. 
ELIZABETH CISNEROS 
K IM BERLY CARPENTER 
T A M M Y BEATTY 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
ROEGELEIN 
CANNED 
GREENWICH 
ROCK CORNISH 
CHUCK 
ROAST 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
BONELESS 
_ 
DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
SHOULDER 
M f g 
ROAST 18 Oil* 

DELUXE QUALITY 
GROUND 
MEAT 

TEXAS TREE RIPE 
ORANGES 

I E A A S 
I KCC K I V I p f 
GRAPEFRUIT 
6 

APPLES 

TEXAS TREE RIPE 
I C A A 3 
I K C C K i r C p 
TANGERINES 5 

COLD WEATHER TREAT 
YAMS 
FARM FRESH 
GOLDEN RIPE 

U S. NO. I RUSSET— BAKING 
N EW CROP 
POTATOES 

BUY 4 MR. PIBB 
GET-2 COKES 
FREE! 

32 OZ. RETURNABLE BOTTLE 

FALSTAFF 
BEER 
CHUNK 
TUNA s n fMSlWSWff 

 t GREEN 
BEAN S 

PORK and 
BEANS 

FARM 
FRESH CABBAGE 

S Y SCOTT 

POUND 

RED RIPE 
SALAD SIZE 
IOO BONUS VAlUf 
STAMPS 

WITH THI FURCHAK Of A I t CT. PKG Of 
EL POPO 
TACO SHELLS 

IOO BONUS VAIUI 
STAMPS 

WITH THI PUtCHASI Of A 7o a . PKG Of 
EL POPO 
TORTILLAS 

Soaps still bubbling troubles 

D id you miss your fa vo rite soap opera last week. Here are the highlights from last week's episodes o f the daytim e soap operas. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Jeff was taken in by Eri- ca s apparent change of stripes, but she lustfully eyed 
D anny’s m usic teacher. Mark Dalton. 
Line and Kitty found 
Mrs. Lam in Hollywood. 
Phil s police p artn er, 
Flay Watson, met and courted Caroline. Chris­ tina felt guilty about consulting Paul profes­ sionally after Anne's ac­ cusations. 

ANOTHER 
WORLD: 
Gil s son Burt broke the news to Ada that Gil and 
Tim were killed in a Bo­ livian mine explosion. 
Pat saved Sharlene from being assaulted by drunk 
Russ. Mac hired a hou­ sekeeper, Belga Linde- man, for Rachel 
Marv- anne and 
Molly con­ vinced John to follow 
Olive to California. 

AS 
THE 
WORLD 
TERNS: 
Pat agreed to help John with his kid­ napping plot. 
They staged a fight. She used this as an excuse to take an extended leave of ab­ sence to secretly care for 
Andrew in a rented house outside of town Dan and 
Kim set a March wed­ ding date. Dee confided iii Joyce about Beau and 
Annie. Natalie offered her apartm ent to Jay while he recuperates. 

DAYS OF OCR LIVES: 
Mike finally turned him self in and was booked for murder. Lin­ da asked Bub lo issue bail. 
Je ri w itnessed 
T rish ’s other perso na­ lities. These resisted hypnosis, Robert told 
Rebecca he c a n ’t con­ tinue with the mockery of their m a rria g e . Mike called Mickey to be at his arraignment. 

THE DOCTORS: 
Lew returned to Eleanor, ad­ mitted he was a fool for running away with her money and begged for­ giveness. Stephanie de­ veloped rheumatic fever. 
M.J. and Darren decided to stay in town. Jason interrogated Joan's old friends. 

THE 
EDGE 
OF 
NIGHT: 
Billy informed 
Marceau of the possible location for Darcy's is­ land. 
Confronted by 
Laurie, Josie tried to cover up Timmy’s wher­ eabouts. Saxon was fur­ ious with Deborah for dating Steve, who consi­ dered Saxon’s job offer. 
Ansel rushed to Raven’s conniving arms. 

GENERAL 
HOSPI­ 
TAL: 
Mary Ellen was released from the sani­ ta riu m and seduced 
Mark. Monica s friend, 
Gail Adamson, accepted a job at the hospital. Jeff and Monica were r e ­ conciled. but she intends to get back with Rick. 
Tom considered seeking full-tim e custody of 
Tommy. 

GLIDING 
LIGHT 
After learning that Ben was once engaged to 
Mike's daughter. Jackie commissioned Ben to do paintings for her apart­ 

 ment. Evie quit her job when she learned Jackie and Emmet have suspi­ cions about Rita. After 
Ed’s testimony, Peggy was amazed that Rita had deceived everyone about her association with the Grangers. Roger squirm ed when he learned R ita's friends would be prosecution witnesses. 

LOVE OF LIFE: Meg learned Ian had hired 
Arlene. She told him that it might get messy if anyone found out about his w ife. Mia begged Ben to help her despondent husband Andrew. Tom went to'Africa on a me­ dical assignment. 

ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
During a visit from Tony, 
Cathy remembered their marriage. Vicki and Joe bud agreed their m a r­ riage was kaput until they learned of Cathy’s breakthrough. 
Naomi pushed Brad to be more aggressive with Jenny. 
Pat told Tony of Cathy’s knowledge of Brian’s pa­ ternity. 

RYAN S HOPE: Jack left the Ryan's, moved into his old apartment, and told Alex he’s no lunger his doctor or his friend. Dee buttered up 
Faith with good wishes before moving in for the kill. Jill decided to tell 
Frank the truth about the baby upon his return. 
Maeve went to P itts ­ burgh to be with Kath­ leen, who’d broken her leg. 

SEARCH 
FOR 
TOM MOR ROW: 
J e n ­ nifer insisted she wouldn’t testify against 
John, and he asked Kathy to call Jean to testify on his behalf. Bruce admit­ ted he hadn’t made a de­ cision after being given an ultim atum by both 
Amy and Gail. Gary of­ fered shelter to Cindy 
French, whose life was threatened by Ed Minier. 
Jo was confused by Stu’s hostilities toward Grog. 

THE 
YOUNG 
AND 
THE RESTLESS: Before she could answer Dil­ lon’s questions, Liz lost all m em ory of Bill s death. Peggy moved in with Jack full tim e. 
Laurie belly-danced for 
Lance in Athens, where he was again mistaken for brother Luke. 
S en ti y o u r intention* u bo ut noun o p e r a * to 
Tune In Tomorrow.'' in core itf The San Antonio 
Tx pre**- \f*i< *. Hot JI TI, 
S o n 
An lit m o . 
T ex .. 

7H J V 7. 

MEETING CHANGED 

Camino Real Health Systems Agency, Inc. announces changes in the scheduling of its 
February and March meetings of the 
Board of Directors to the following: 

1. February 23, 1977 (Wednesday); 
7:oo P.M., Camino Real Conference 
Room; 3rd Floor, Executive “ K" 
Center, 1o17 N. Main Avenue, San 

Antonio, Texas. 

2. March 19, 1977 (Saturday); 5,oo 
P.M., Del Rio Civic Center, 1915 
Avenue “ F" (Hwy. 9o West), Del Rio, 

Texas. 

For m ore inform ation call 
Jose Antonio Controraa, 
Executive Director at 

(512) 225-4 4 2 6 . 

Aimica's Fastest-Growing Newspaper! 
Call 225-7411 to Subscribe 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 I 977 
'‘SOI 
*jr axe m flb * x . r n 

?2*\: i i i 

•^gxtrn 
War warning cost career 

^6 # 
: 
•4 5 .; rn - t'Olr 

By MICHAEL 
KERNAN 

W ASHINGTON p o s t se r v ic e 
W A SH IN GTO N - So­ m etim es he would go to th e D X . L i b r a r y an d spend the day there, so th e c h il d r e n w o u ld n 't know he was out of work. 
“ To m e. lib ra rie s are still places of d e s p a ir.” 

 said his wife. “ H e’d wait a ro u n d all d a y so he could com e hom e at th e sam e tim e I did. I would cry rn m y office.” 
F o r over 3o y ears, the c a r e e r of 
F r a n k 
A. 
Schuler was blighted by what he believes to be a blackballing cam paign. 
He c ite s c h a p te r an d verse to back his accusa­ 

 tio n s a g a in s t th e S ta te 
D epartm ent and now has a book out on the subject, c o - a u t h o r e d by w r i t e r 
Robin Moore. 
The story is hardly un­ iq u e, e s p e c ia lly in W a ­ shington. P e o p le ’s lives have been s h a tte r e d by things w ritten into their personnel files y e a rs be­ fore, deserved or not. 

F o r o v e r 3 o y e a r s , t r a i l k A . S r h iller ichat he believes to la v a iii/ a i i n n 

 th e c a r e e r o f a a s b l i g h t e d b y a blackballi 

UNDER FED ARTIST 
ART SALE 
THIS SUNDAY ONLY 

NOTHING OVER *35 
(INCLUDING MAUTITUl SOFA SIZE PAINTINGS) 

MOST UNDER *2o 
FINE ART FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 
SUNDAY 1o:oo A.M. - 5:oo 
FREE ADMISSION 
O A K H IL L S M O T O R IN N 
(ORAND BALLROOM) 

W URZBACH AT BABCOCK 

OAK HILLS 
MOTOR 
INN 

WURZBACH 

SPONSORED BY THE UNDER FED ARTIST G R O U P 
1938 NX LOOP 41o, SUIT! 1o9, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78217 

A lso f a m i l i a r to W a ­ sh in gton is th e sto ry of the lifelong stru g g le for e x o n e r a t i o n , th e p r o b ­ le m s of liv in g an d p e r ­ h ap s even r a is in g a fa ­ mily u nder a cloud. This is one such story. 
Briefly, S c h u le r’s case: 
A Foreign Service pro­ f e s s io n a l s in c e 
19311, f lu e n t in J a p a n e s e , he was stationed in Tokyo in 
1941. 
He and five o ther F a r 
E ast sp ecialists w arn ed in a m e m o 
— t h r e e m o n t h s b e f o r e 
P e a r l 
H arb o r — that w ar w as im m i n e n t an d th a t J a ­ p a n ’s peace negotiations w ere m e re ly a stall for time. 
The m em o was d iscre­ dited because it conflict­ ed with the views of A m ­ bassador Joseph (’. Grew and o th er top dip lo m ats who a c c e p te d J a p a n e s e r e a s s u r a n c e s at fa c e value. 
F or the rest of the w ar. 
S c h u le r w as sh u n te d to places like Antigua, Lis­ bon and O ntario, w here, he felt, his sorely needed 
J a p a n e s e e x p e rtise w as 
Tit no use to his country. 
( J u s t Kl d a y s a f t e r he r e a c h e d A n tig u a , th e w h is t le s blew a n d th e staff g athered to h ear the a n n o u n c e m e n t th a t we w ere at w ar. Schuler kept his mouth shut.) 
Resigns 
F in a lly , in 1944, still feeling he w a s n ’t b eing used to best a d v a n ta g e , he cabled his resignation. 
U nhappy with the reply, which said in part “ Keep y o u r sh irt o n ,” he took off in a rage and storm ed 

 home to Michigan. 
T h e re he le arn ed that the re s ig n a tio n had not been a c c e p te d , th a t he w as c o n sid e re d to h ave left his post. He was d is­ m isse d for in s u b o rd in a ­ tion. 
D r u m m e d o u t of th e e li te F o r e i g n S e r v ic e , then an e x c lu siv e co rp s of SOO. he had a series of te m p o ra ry jobs with the 
S ta t e 
D e p a r t m e n t at la r g e , h is s a l a r y d r o p ­ p in g fro m 
$15,ooo to 
SS.IMM). 
Name pops up 
Then in 1953 his nam e popped up at Sen. Jo sep h 
M c C a r t h y 's C o m m u n * is ts-in -g o \e m in e n t h e a r ­ ings: 
He h a d b e e n r e c o m ­ m en d ed as a J a p a n s e s e language expert by none o th e r th a n O w en L a tti- 

 sonnel file and find th e d am n in g record. 
“ M e d d l e s o m e ” w a s one w ord th at a p p e a re d there. 
V eteran S tate D e p a r t­ m en t p erso nn el sta ffe rs c o n f i r m t h a t not on ly were an em plo yee’s files open to other g ov ernm ent a g e n c ie s , b u t a lso any i n t e r e s t e d e m p l o y e r c o u ld g e t an in f o r m a l r e a d i n g on a p r o s p e c t s im p ly by a s k in g w h a t kind of person he was — con tentiou s, easy to get along with, and so forth. 
“ It c a m e on very s l o w l y ,” s a id 
O liv e 
Schuler, a legal secretary who w as off an d on for years the sole sup po rt of th e fo u r c h ild re n . “ We didn t realize they w ere blocking him this m uch, we d id n t th i n k it w a s that se rio u s. I t ’s p ro b a ­ bly w hat sav ed us from giving up long ago .” 
Turn about 
A fte r no n o n e k n o w s how m any jobs av eraging a few m o n t h s , th e 

He a n d Jive other Far East spe­ cialists learned in a m em o 
— th ree m o n th s b e fo r e 
P e a r l 
H arbor 
— that tear was im ­ minent a n d that Japan's pence negotiations were m erely a stall for lime 

 m o r e , a f a v o r ite 
M c C a rth y ta r g e t. N o th ­ ing c am e of it. but it was e n o u g h to en d h is c o n ­ nection with State. 
F ro m then on it was a series of te m p o ra ry con- sultantships. 
E v e ry tim e an e n t h u ­ siastic em plo yer acted to get him p e r m a n e n t s t a ­ tus b e c a u se of his c o m ­ p e te n t w o rk , s o m e o n e would go to the old per- 

G O O D / Y E A U 
SWEETHEART 
OF A DEAL 
ON WASHERS AND DRYERS 

GOODYEAR REVOLVING t v 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

 vt Pr*t>s Knit Cycle tot no-won ana uni1 
• Automatic sen vc i control monitors terr na terminates cycle *nen Clotter* are dr 
’n-Olton* • Timed up to BO minutes # Cyci 
Mi uD -front lint litter 

Of use any of these 7 other ways to buy Cash 
• Our Own Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge 
• BankAmericard • American Express Money Card 
• Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

DOWNTOWN liaUi Mar? i 
(AMaarth Mary *) 
M I-1173 

HI6 NUMoS 
1)44 TAM AVL fFoe Av# git 
*34 MAI 

NOR I MUD! 
4/o2 U N N N O 
134-2371 

NORTHWEST m a 
MMWUBGN aa 
733-414! 

NOR IN WTS I 
14M KUKUK 
434 31o4 

DOWNTOWN 
WI M MAMO 
227 7311 

FT ERIN PLAIR n m 
FERRIN UUU RD. 
4$*-3lll 

NORTHUP 
IIH 
AIN W NWY 
IJ4-oJO4 

SOUTNMDI 
2131 J W Mil .DE 
423-4343 

 n m m r m MOOR 
344-4714 
U M 
M 

■ i Sm m n i b 

WISTSHM 
I H I W. COMM UK! 
223 7477 

S chulers tu rned a corn er in 197o. One night F ra n k was b eratin g him self, as he often did. W hat had he done to deserve all this? ll was becom ing a them e song. “ T his is what d es­ troys m e ,” he said. Sud­ denly Olive lashed out: 
“ Look, F ra n k . Y o u ’ve got to face this thing. I’m sick and tired of having you s a y ‘W h a t h a v e I d o n e ? ’ I th i n k i t ’s s o ­ m eth in g th e y 'v e done. I th in k th e r e a s o n th e y don’t want you around is that th ey’re afraid y ou’ll find out so m eth in g they d id ." 
A t e r r i f i c fig h t d e v e ­ loped. She left the house n ex t m o r n i n g w ith o u t saying goodbye or m a k ­ ing breakfast. 
“ I h a d to m a k e h im a n g ry ,” she said. " I had to m a k e h im w a n t to fight. To investigate the c a se and w rite it down. 
L a te r he p h o n e d m e at th e o ffic e a n d s a i d , 
‘D arlin g, g u e ss w h ere I am — at the L ib ra ry of 
C o n g re ss .’ H e’d alre a d y found som e evid ence.” 
Telling discovery 
Last year, with the aid of h is y o u n g e s t so n . 
P e te r , 27, a recen t g r a ­ d u a t e of W il li a m a n d 
M ary law school who is devoting full tim e to the c a u s e , S c h u le r m a d e a telling discovery: In the a r c h i v e s at S u it la n d , 
M d., th e n e a rly 1o(1 vo­ lu m e s of 
S ta te 
D e p a rtm e n t re c o rd s co ­ v e rin g 1936-4o a n d th e loose m a t e r i a l for 1941 had been chopped up so badly that when one held a book by th e b in d in g , bits of p a p e r rained out like confetti 
T h e S c h u le rs w ere so e x cited th ey had a Die- 

IA H WD* 

 tu re ta k e n ol th e sig ht. 
They also found evidence t h a t o th e r p a p e r s h a d be en r e w r i t t e n an d r e ­ viled. 

O ne re s u lt of all th is has been the p a p e rb a c k book. “ The P e a rl H arbor 
C o v e r - u p ,” w h ic h a c ­ cuses A m b assa d o r Grew and others of refusing to listen to re p e a te d w a r n ­ ings from m an y sources a b o u t th e a p p r o a c h i n g war. 

It also ch arg es that re ­ cords w ere destroyed or changed in an a ttem p t to avoid blam e in our lack of p rep are d n ess at Pearl 
H arbor. 

T h o u g h th e S c h u le r s are not especially happy with the rew ritte n book, on s a le in W a s h in g to n now . they a g re e that its ev id en c e m a y revive in ­ terest in the events of ’41. 

New hope 

This evidence plus the 
1974 F r e e d o m of I n f o r ­ m a t io n A ct h a s g iv e n 
S c h u le r new hope. Now 
88. he is p rim a rily in te r­ e s te d in r e s t o r i n g h is 
F oreign Service pension, as well as his good nam e. 

He gets Social Security an d r e c e n tly won b a c k his Civil Service pension w hich, how ever, d o esn ’t cover dependents. 

Still, nothing can erase what Olive S chu ler calls the y ears of loneliness. 

“ He would pick m c up at w ork, and h e'd be so an g ry . He w asn't,, really a n g ry at m e , b u t I w as the only one he could let go w ith . I w a s a lw a y s able to get jobs as a legal secretary. Often I worked a s e v e n - d a y w e e k . 
N eith er of us has had a vacation since ’51. W hat u s u a l ly h a p p e n e d w a s that I’d build up vacation tim e and tak e the extra m oney instead, when you could do th a t.” 

It is hard for Schuler to ta lk a b o u t th e s e y e a r s , about the snes of being a p a ria h , w hen p eo p le li­ terally crossed the street to avoid him or g re e te d him in r e s ta u ra n ts with acid little co m m ents. He d o e sn ’t like to sp e a k of the friends who dropped h im e v e n f r o m t h e i r 
C h ristm as c ard lists and who p erhap s still see him as a re n e g a d e from the 
Foreign Service clique. 

He and P e ter, with the help of attorney B ernard 
F ensterw ald . plan to file a suit in F e d eral D istrict 
Court for the retire m en t benefits. They also watch the pro gress of the book which, though ex tensive­ ly r e w r i t t e n fro m 
S c h u le r’s s tr a ig h t d o c u ­ m e n t a r y a c c o u n t , d r a ­ m atizes the story. 

“ My friend John Peur- ifov once told m e the only way I w as going to beat th em w as to outlive the b u sta rd s,” S chuler said. 
" M a y b e he w a s r i g h t . 
Anyway, you keep going. 
You put a good face on it. 
You k e e p y o u r s h o e s shined.” 

Juan Piedra 

IHM*" 
J 

FOREMOST m ilkm an 
Milkmen still out delivering 

Bv CHERYL 
COGGINS 

T h e A m e r i c a n m i l k ­ m a n m a y be on th e e n ­ dan gered species list, but h e ’s a liv e , k ic k in g and delivering those half-gal­ lons alm ost every m o rn ­ ing in San Antonio. 
H ow ever, th e n u m b e r m a k i n g th e e a r l y m orn ing m ilk rounds has dropped considerably. 
" I ’d say the n u m b e r of m ilkm en is about half of w h at it u sed to b e .” said P aul Salinas, a sales m a n a g e r for F orem ost. 
S alinas, who has been with F o rem o st for about 
12 ye ars, explained that th e m i lk m e n he w o rk s with a re independent b u ­ sinessm en who own their tr u c k s and buy the p ro ­ ducts they sell. 
Likes it 

F ro m about 4:3o a.in. till he d e liv e rs th e la st c a r t o n of c r e a m s o m e ­ tim e th a t afternoon, the m ilk m a n w in ds th ro u g h the city and into the lives of his custo m ers. 
“ I w o u ld n ’t c h a n g e it for any o th er job in the w orld,” a local m ilk m an said. 
"Y ou get to go outside, get som e fresh air and m eet people. 
“ I’ve been delivering m ilk to so m e people for as long as 15 y e a rs and 
I ve w a tc h e d th e ir kid s grow up ,” he said. 
A f te r 15 y e a r s , th i s m ilk m an is invited to w e d d in g s a n d p a r t i e s w hich m a r k c h a n g e s in th e liv e s of h is custom ers. 
“ I start out at it every m o r n in g a n d le a v e th e m ilk if the people are at home. If they ’re not. I’ll put m ilk in the re frig e r­ ator for th e m ," he said 
Return 
He said he eels about a 
28 per cent retu rn on the 
$65,OUI) w o rth of d a ir y 

 products he sells an n u al­ ly. 
Although this m ilk m an sticks to dairy products, o t h e r s h a v e e x p a n d e d their line to include cookies and detergent. 
“ It’s m ore like a m ov ­ ing grocery s to re ,” sales m a n a g e r Salinas said. 
Top m oney m a k e rs for 
Milk D istrib u to rs w hich d e liv e r s P r e s to n D a iry 
P ro d u cts can so m etim e s p u ll in $ 1 2 ,o o o a y e a r , supervisor R obert R odri­ guez said. 
T h e m i l k m e n u n d e r h im w o rk fo r th e c o m ­ pany and a re p aid c o m ­ m is s io n on t h e i r p r o ­ ducts. 
Although com petition is tough out th ere on the route, R odriguez w ishes at tim es he w as still out nu the truck instead of an inside supervisor. 
In an e f f o r t to b o o st s a g g in g h o m e d e liv e ry s a l e s , h is m e n d e li v e r cookies, b read , tortillas, b a c o n a n d e g g s a lo n g with dairy products. 
S om etim es he does go back out on a route when one of the m en get sick. 
Nice business 
“ It’s a nice b u sin e ss,” he s a i d . “ Y ou h a v e a v a r ie ty of th i n g s to do and you m eet a lot of in­ t e r e s t i n g p e o p le . 
It d o e s n ’t get m o n o to n o u s lik e s t a r i n g a t f o u r w alls.” 
Although he m isses his day on the route and his c u s t o m e r s , he d o e s n ’t m iss the h a ssle of c o m ­ m ission-based income. 
He r e m e m b e r s a few not-so-considerate c u s t o m e r s h e c a ll e d 
“ charge-offs" who would burn him by m oving be­ fore he could collect. 
M o n ey fo r t h e i r b ill w o uld c o m e o u t of h is pocket. 
“ ll you d o n 't co lle c t, you d o n ’t get a p en n y ,” he said. 
Transport chief outlines plan 

NEW VOVK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — Secretary of Transporta­ tion Brock Adams said Saturday that con­ struction of improved rail facilities along (he 
Washington to Boston corridor would “start this year as soon as the snow breaks — even if I have to go out m>self with a pick and shovel.” 

Adams also said he would review his prede­ cessor's controversial decision against requir­ ing protective airbags on new automobiles. 
The new secretary — who as a member of the 
House of Representatives was an authority on transportation matters before he joined Presi­ dent ( arter’s ( ahind — made his views known in an interview, the first he has granted since taking office. 
The il l biltion project to improve all rail passenger service in the Northeast corridor was approved last year, but critics have complained that it has been slow getting started 
Un other matters, Adams made the following points: 

• The $1.2 billion Westway project, to replace the old, crumbling Manhattan West Side Ex­ pressway, should not now be considered as a step toward extending the Interstate system. o The Highway Trust Fund, which has been earmarked mostly for highway construction, should eventually he opened to let localities use it for mass transit and other purposes. o Mass transit in cities like New York is 
“virtually a public utility" and must continue to get operating subsidies for the time being, but subsidies should be phased out. o The United States is set to resume nego­ tiations with the British Feb. 28 over the issue of expanding frans-Atlantic air routes. o In a sharp departure from his predecessor. 
Adams endorsed continued subsidization oi the 
Amtrak passenger rail system. o With regard to highways, he said that the speed limit of ii miles an hour should be continued and that no move should be made to increase limits on allowable weights and sizes of trucks. 
Sears seeks owners o f defective fire alarm units 

223 7144 

Sears, Roebuck and t o . is continuing its efforts to locate ow ners of a certain At’-powered sm o ke/fire alarm containing a defect that could cause the units to becom e inoperative. 
TW 
F rie r, general m a n a g e r of S ears in San 
Antonio, said the possible defect is lim ited to three m odels of the sm o k e/fire a la rm — S ears s tw k n u m bers 57o47, 571)48 aud 57o48 — produced from 
M arch 1974 th ro u g h Sept. 26. 1975, T hey w ere m anufactured bv BKK E lectronics of A urora, III, 
Of the UK) OOO A< '-powered sm o k e /fire a la rm s sold by Sears, less than 4.1KKI contain the possible defect, 
Brier said 
Only I IO-Volt At-'powered detectors are being recalled F.rler said, and no batlery-|»owered d etec­ tors are involved 
Stock n u m bers 57o47 and 57o48 a re equipped with a 
IiiK* cord to Th* plugged into an AC outlet. S o a k nu m b er 57o49 is an At powered unit designed to lie 

 mounted directly on a ceiling outlet box and p er­ m anently connected to the AC supply 
H om eow ners who feel they may have one of the units un der recall are urged to rem ove the cover and exam ine the side of the plastic base affixed directly to tin* wall or ceiling lo find the mode! n u m b e r which is printed on the attached label. 
Before inspecting the detector, electrical power to the unit m ust Im* turned off ut the house or a p a rt­ m ent fuse box or circuit b reak er. Line cord detectors m ust Im* unplugged before inspection. ll hom e ow ners have a plug-in detector under recall (model n u m b e rs 57o47 or 57o48), they may either contact Sears Customer Service D epartm ent or tirin g it i ii for inspection and replacem en t if needed 
C ustom ers with model n u m b e r 57o49 should con­ tact the c u s to m e r se rv ic e d e p a r tm e n t al th eir nearest store 

 break twin ground 

Groundbreaking cere­ monies Monday at 9 a.m. will mark the beginning of a $2.5 million expan­ sion for Northeast and 
Southeast Baptist hospi­ tals. 
Morris Mathieu, vice president of Handy Andy. 
Inc., and a member of the B ap tist M em orial 
H ospital S ystem A sso­ ciate Board, will speak at the cerem o n ie s which begin at Northeast Bap­ tist Hospital. 
Ray Harris, adm inis­ trator of 
N ortheast 
Baptist H ospital, will serve as master of cere­ monies. 
Actual groundbreaking will be perform ed by represen tatives of the nine expanding depart­ ments of the hospital. 
Each participant will have a section of an ex­ panding shovel and when all nine pieces are placed together, the shovel will reach over ll feet. 
Representing the de­ partments will be Arlene 
Wade, RN, em ergency room; Steve Cohen, ra­ diology; Darlene Hill, physical therapy; Duane 
Ayers, respiratory ther­ apy; 
Buford 
Sm ith, laboratory; Joe Schnitz, pharm acy; 
Milton 
Ressler, central supply; 
Diane Bellinger, medical records, and Betty Lut­ trell. dietary. 
Moves south 
The program will con­ tinue at IO a.m. at South­ east B aptist H ospital with Pat L. Holmes, su­ perintendent of East 
Central School District and secreta ry of the 
Baptist Memorial Hospi- 

BAPTIST A dm inistrators R obert D. 
A d a m s, left, and R a y H arris d is­ cuss e xp an sion plans 

 tai 
System 
Board of apy; Hobart Craft, labor- 
Trustees, giving a brief atory; Manuel Guerra, address. pharm acy; J e s s e Oler- 
Robert D. Adams, ad- ton, central supply; Shir- ministrator of Southeast ley Stevens, medical re- 
Baptist Hospital, will be cords, and Elaine Laux, master of ceremonies. dietary. 
An identical ground- 
Also taking part at both breaking ceremony will ceremonies will be Har- be performed at South- vey Erben. chairman of east Baptist with South- the 
BMUS 
Board of east employes represent- Trustees; 
J a m es 
L. tug their expanding de- Hayne, chairman of the partments: 
Ruth 
Jo n es, 
Associate Board; David 
RN, Garrett, executive direc- em erg en cy room; Ri- tor of the hospital sys- chard Del Valle, radio- tem; Mrs. Inez Adair, logy; Jen n ie 
F a rese, physical therapy; Mary president of Stokes Adair 
E n terp rises, Inc., and 
Hatter, respiratory thor- Robert B aum garten of 

PAT A N T H O N Y se n d s lio n s an d tig e rs th ro u gh th eir routines for Circus V a rg a s 
Horse contest is photo finish 

The questions were tough but there were so many all-correct entries received in the Ex­ press-News TESI • 'SOLR * 
HORSE - SENSE RODEO CON­ 
TEST thai a drawing was ne­ cessary to determine winners. 
First place winner is Alice T. Salas. 
462 Mary Louise Drive. She's won her­ self IO rodeo tickets. 
Second-place winner is Katherine M. 
Kenney, PSC Box 41214, Kelly A IB , who won six rodeo tickets. And third place winner is Al Clark, 3o27 Nan* tucket, who'll be awarded four tickets to the rodeo 
Ticket claims 
W inners may pick up their tickets at the Express-News. Room 5o6, between 
8 3o a rn and 5:3o p m Monday • Fri­ day. If tickets arc not claimed by Fri­ day, they will be forfeited. 
Now for the answers . . . 
In Contest One Ben Cartwright s horse was BUCK; Hoss C artwright, 
CHUB # Little Joe C a r tw r ig h t^ O- 
I HISE; Rov Rogers* TRIGGER; Dale 
I v ans* BUTTERMILK; Gabby Hayes 
CALICO; Gene Autrv’s CHAMPION; lame Ranger’s SILVER; Tom Mix s 
TONY; Hopalong Cassidy s TOI I ER; 
Hoot Gibson s W HITEY and the name of Festus’ mule was HUTH- 
Contest Two: S up erm an ’s horse: 

COMET; the name of the horse in THE 
ANIMAL FARM was BOXER; the name of the stallion in the Spin and 
Marty series was DYNAMITE; the name of the horse in the early Mickey 
Mouse com ic strip was HORAC E 
HORSECOLLAR; El Cid’s horse was 
BABIECA; Don Quixote’s horse was 
ROCINANTE; the Cisco Kid’s com ­ panion’s (Pancho) horse was LOCO; the name of the horse Paul Revere borrowed to make his midnight ride was BROWN BEAUTY; the first thor­ oughbred to win $1 million was CITA­ 
TION; Hercules’ horse was ARION, and the horse Lee Marvin rode in “ Cat 
Ballou” was SMOKEY 
Warpaint 
Contest Three: the K ansas City 
Chiefs mascot is WARPAINT; Pecos 
Bill s horse was WIDOW MAKER; the cow boy doll named Johnny West has a horse named THUNDERBOLDT: Ton- to’s ORIGINAL horse was named (two possible answers) WHITE FEATHER or PAINT; William S. Hart s horse was 
FRITZ; U.S. Grant's horse was CIN­ 
CINNATUS; Sgt. Preston’s was REX or BLACKIE; the Cisco Kid's horse was DIABLO: George Washington's was LEXINGTON; Robert E Lee’s horse was TRAVELER, and Zorro's h one was TORNADO 
The official source which we used as an authority was ihe Trivia E n cy ­ clopedia by Fred Worth, 

Stokes Adair. 
The expansions to the hospitals will be i enti cal and will be completed in about eight months. Each addition will add 13.3o8 square feet. Included in the expansion expansion will be a new emergency room which will quadru­ ple existing facilities. 
C urrently Southeast 
Baptist Hospital treats over 2,ooo emergency pa­ tients each month, the fourth highest number in 
Bexar County. Northeast 
Baptist treats an average of 1,9oo, the fifth largest in the county. 
Northeast and South­ east Baptist hospitals arc the only civilian hospitals in the eastern and south­ ern parts of Bexar Coun­ ty and in the western half of the bordering counties, making the em ergency facilities necessary to the health care of the rapidly grow ing areas they serve, officials said. 
Because Northeast and 
Southeast Baptist Hospi­ tals are part of the Bap­ tist M emorial Hospital 
System they provide se­ veral advantages over a single hospital. 
Through shared s e r ­ vices and quantity pur­ chasing. the Baptist Me­ morial Hospital System provides the highest quality patient care at the lowest cost possible, officials said. 
Immediacy 
Baptist Memorial Ho­ spital provides elaborate equipment for all types of medical care; however, not every patient needs a sop histicated m edical center, o fficia ls e x ­ plained. But they do need immediate attention. 
Northeast Baptist and 
Southeast Baptist hospi­ tals provide this and also have the advantage of a major medical center to 
'Old-tim e” 
Circus 
Vargas com ing 

T h e r e’s un o ld -fa ­ shioned, three-ring cir­ cus coming to town. 
It’s complete with ele­ phants, clowns, trapeze artists, jugglers, animal train ers, glam our, e x ­ citement, and best of all, with a big top that goes up just like they did in yesteryear, with the help of KH),(KIO pounds of ele­ phant power! 
Circus Vargas begins its run at San Antonio’s 
South Park Mall Fob. 18, for 12 performances. 
And for kids up to age ll, there’s a special Ex­ press-News coloring con­ test that affords them a free ticket to the perfor­ m ance of their choice just by entering! 
Kids winners 
Kids may color the cir­ cus artwork on page Til, send it in, and no matter how it’s judged, each youngster w ill receive one free ticket to the show of their choice. 
The winner of the co­ loring con test will be presented at the circus’ 
Saturday night perfor­ mance. designated EX­ 
PR ESS-N E W S NIGHT 
AT CIRCUS VARGAS, and will ride on tile lead elephant during the par­ ade! 
Deadline for getting in coloring contest entries is noon Feb. 15. 
San Antonio will be the first location where the show s new royal Big Top will be raised. 
The sp ecia l-d esig n features and the dark of this Big Top will allow a 
“ night performance at­ m osphere” and provide for the full effect of the sp ecia l lig h tin g even during a bright sunny afternoon performance. 
Buffalo sends snow south 
BUFFALO, N Y (AP) 
— Buffalo has decided what to do with some of the snow that has nearly buried the city. The city is sending the white stuff 
South for the winter 
Much of the snow being removed from Conrail’s 
Frontier switching yard is being loaded into empty freight ears. 
As trains head south, the snow is expected to melt. 
Workmen have been working to clear switches and tracks in the big 
Frontier yard since last week’s blizzard 

 back up these services if needed. 
Expansion of emer­ gency and outpatient fa­ cilities arc in answer to a need recognized by the 
Texas Health F acilities 
C om m ission last year. when they issued certificates of need for the expansion. 
The ex p a n sio n s of 
Northeast and Southeast 
Baptist hospitals prove the hospital system con­ cept is working — pro­ viding patient care which is affordable and acces­ sible, officials said. 
$11 million 
Construction at North­ east and Southeast is part of a total $11 million ex­ pansion under way in the 
Baptist Memorial Hospi­ tal System. 
Also included in the major project is the $8.5 million Richmond Street 
Wing and parking garage at Baptist Memorial Ho­ spital. Construction of this wing has been under way since last April. 
Fin ancing of the $11 m illion expansion, the m ost ex te n siv e in the history of BM US, is through both loans and leases. 
Connecticut General 
Life Insurance is lending agent for the $8.5 million expansion at Baptist Me­ morial Hospital, while 
Stokes 
Adair 
E n ter­ prises, Inc., of Houston is providing the expansion at both N ortheast and 
Southeast Baptist hospi­ tals through an increased lease arrangement. 
Though the building program is financed, there is need for $ 1 5 million for equipping the three new facilities and renovating older fa c i­ lities at Baptist Memor­ ial Hospital, which will then be used for educa­ tional purposes. 
The expansion plans at all three hospitals are designed to allow the de­ partments to continue to operate with safety and without interference to em p loyes and patients while the addition is be­ ing constructed. Modifi­ cation of ex istin g fa ci­ lities will be made after the new areas are in use. 

A rm strong M cArthur 
Peek 
Diehlm ann W e ath erly 
Allen 
Skipper 
Dem ent 
North San Antonio €of€ announces new officers 

San Antonio developer Jim Dement has been elected president of the North San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce for 1977. 
Other new officers include vice presidents: Jim 
Allen, Ralph Arm strong, Janelle McArthur, 
Clyde Peek, C. B. “ Jack” Skipper and Nolda 
Weatherly. 
William V. Dielmann III was elected seere- tary-treasurer. 
Dement succeeds out-going president Skipper us leader of the 75o-member group as it begins its third year. 
Dement and the other officers make up part of the North San Antonio Chamber of Commerce’s board of directors. 
Other board m embers include: William Alt­ man, Jennings Anderson. Robert Buck, George 

Chaffin, Charles Dempsey, Robert Diaz de Leon, 
Louis E Diehl Jr.. John R Grieshaber, Richard 
Lune, John Beveto, Conrad Truss and Ed L. West. 
Dement is a developer of general and com ­ mercial properties. Allen is executive vice presi­ dent of Mr. “ M“ convenience stores. 
Armstrong is owner of Ralph Armstrong Co., a realty and construction firm. Mrs McArthur is currently chairman of the Alliance for a Better 
City policy committee. 
Peek is vice president of Browning-Ferrts, Inc 
Skipper is general m anager of Wonderland 
Shopping Center. 
Mrs Weatherly, who begins her second term as vice president of the North Side chamber group. is also secretarv-treasurer of Jesse and Chandler 
Electrical and Mechanical Contractors, Inc. 
Dielmann is a partner in Summit Travel, Ltd 
Tower: Illegal aliens not em ployer’s duty 

By ALAN BAILEY 
P rivate em p lo y ers should not he held re­ sponsible for hiring ille­ gal aliens if they have proper Social Security cards, U.S. Sen. John 
Tower said Saturday. 
Tower’s com m ents on illegal aliens and other subjects, including na­ tural ga s sh o rta g es, came at a press confer­ ence and later speech before the Texas Laundry and Dry Cleaning Assn 
The association is holding its 71st annual convention at the Hilton 
Palaeio del Rio Hotel. 
Tower told association members, persons should be required to show proof of citizenship before be­ ing issued a Social S e­ curity number. 
“ It should he up to tin1 government to determine who is a citizen, not the private employer," said 
Tower 
Tower was referring lo proposed leg isla tio n which would penalize the private employer for hir­ ing illegal aliens. 
At the p ress conter* 

'I fe e l the energy crisis in tin' North­ east is one they're brought on them ­ selves through ignoring the realities' 

 ence, Tower elaborated on his recent vote against the Emergency Natural 
Gas Act of 1977, which was designed to help the 
Northeastern states dur­ ing the gas shortage. 
“ I feel the en ergy 

 are very d isturbin g to me." But Tower said it was too early to say what the precise impact might 

I m * i i i San Antonio. 
Tower also said early indications of President 
Carter on foreign policy crisis in the Northeast is showed the new adminis- one they’ve brought on (ration m ight be dove* them selves through ig noring the realities, the economics of the oil and g a s industry in this country by insisting on controls and regulations aud price fixing that is not realistic and lias re­ sulted in a shorter sup­ ply,” he said. 
Tower said he believed deregulation of gas at the well head w as the answer. “ I think that ul­ timately w ill result in the stab ilization of gas prices. 
On President Carter’s d efen se plans, Tower said, "Early indications 

 loping too soft a line toward the Soviet Union 

On the economy, Tower said he opposed a one shot tax rebate, favored by President Carter, aud instead favored perman­ ent tax reductions to im ­ prove cap ital e x p en d i­ ture. 
Tower also said In* op­ 

 posed any increase in the m inim u m w age. 
“ It would be foolish at a time of high unem ploym ent b ecause a raise would only reduce the work force," In* said. 
On right-to-work laws, 
Tower said he did not think the new ad m inis­ tration would push the repeal. "If it does, there will be the darndest fili­ buster in the Senate aud 
I ll he right in the middle of it,” he said. 
On polities, Tower said he thought the 
Republicans would gain 

 iii the off-year 1978 e l e c ­ tions because "there is no one for the Democrats to pass the buck to.” 
When asked if he was leaning towards running again in 1978, Tow er said, “ I’m tilted strongly and heavily toward run­ ning again ” 

Dr. John 11 nm ii ton Douglass annoiitu vs lhe opening o f offiee.% iii 
H2o1 H ough Hiller 
Sun In Ionia, Terns 782.V/ 
Trot In e limiter/ lo (General D entistry 
/ ’hone 5 1 2 /6 5 7 -17IHI 

T H E R E S A CHILL IN THE AIR, BUT 

A Gary pool can make you forget it... 

It's not hot yet, folks, hut oh, those Texas summers are cornin'! 
There s one way for sure you can beat the heat. At the same time your backyard will look super, your wife and kids will think you re the greatest, you ll stay fit and you ll have a barrel of fun. 
All this with a (jury pool. It ‘s easier than you think. A nd less SAN ANTUNA J AUSfLN & DALLAS expensive, too, 
111 N E. loop J JO, San AhUmuo. Texas 
('all us and we ll give you the roo! facts about a Cary pool for you 
341-3331 

NE, SE Baptist will 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Feb 6 1977 

P l f f l t a 

' <*«>- ftwlvV ^ 

V 
\ f 

**T r'v .c»ll 

VALENTIN 
CARDS 

WM 

^ 
" BEAUTIFUL MEMENTOS 
BY AMERICAN GREETINGS. 

EXTRA URGE 
SELECTION OF 
TRADITIONAL 
OR HUMOROUS 
INDIVIDUAL 
VALENTINES. 
PRICED 
FROM 
•••••••••a* 

* ** 
T*! 

^^SamplHr ' 

FINE 
CANDIES 
BRACHS, PANGBURNS and Whitm ans 

SURPRISE 
YOUR SPECI 
VALENTINE 
WITH MILK 
CHOCOLATE 
CANDIES 
GIFT BOXED 
ROM .......... 

ASSORTED 
VALENTINES 
FOR BOYS AND 
GIRLS TO SEND 
AN EXTRA 
LARGE 
SELECTION 
OF BOXED 
VALENTINES 
WITH 
ENVELOPES. 
FROM ......... 

PLANT 
STAND 
ELEGANT PLANTER 
ACCENTS ANY ROOM 

WOVEN 
WOODEN 
BASNET 
IN YOUR 
CHOICE OF 
DARK OR 
NATURAL 
FRUSH 

MMM 
I d 
CD 
• wa e 

M 

» SINDT A 
3o TABLETS 
FOR RELIEF 
OF SINUS 
| 
J HEADACHE. 
1 3o FOH 
SEALED 
TABLETS. 

$ 
I ;8 

SWISS 
STEAK 

(JSDA CHOICE 
BEEF CHUCK 
ARM CUT 
»•■ LB. 

DECK CB QUALITY OB JANiT Lf! 
SLICED BACON 
WIENERS 
BONELESS HAMS 
SAUSAGE 
BEEF LIVER 
LITTLE SIZZLERS 
CUBE STEAK 

OfCKEB QUALITY 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

ROEGELEIN 
NUGGETS 
■ ■ a a 

OLO V I K O H M A N SM OK IO 

UICIO IVEN. NO CHUNKS 

H O R M E L 
S K I N L E S S i ) o z .] 

• 
P .M . . . . . PKO. 

LEAN NO WASTI 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • O O 

I I I N 
I L l l l Iv A 
T <^OVfR'SSAUM!.eOLOONA. 
£ t O 
Limon rn LM I 
OO 
■ 
U 
M 
H 
W a 
M 
M 
H t n 
M a 
M n 
M 
H 
M n i l H 
H 
H 
I I 

™ a . h t c 
F R o Z E N 
IK I N I IT S MOlrTON$ 
°* JH LV 
* O I. I* 
PIE SHELLSt™ . r.T::..............3™51 
POT ATO ES rr. 
3 
I 
PEAS & CARROTS.™.” .........4 °.r*l 

IN-STORE PHARMACY 
HAVE YOUR PRESCRIPTIONS 
* 
FILLED CONVENIENTLY 
WHILE YOU SHOP!! m u u n WMB: J U L I M . M U . ll U M p a. SIMMY 

FRESH PRODUCE 
TOMATOES 

LARGE SIZE 

ORANGES — 
.........................4.sl 
YELLOW SQUASH ss; 
39' 
NEW P O T A T O ES -"-............2 .39' 
AVOCADOES—............................9 J I 
LEMON OR LIME JU IC E --ff.49' 

PICKLES 
£ 88* 
HANDI-WRAPrr.:::: 
63| 
CARROTS .r."™ "" 
3s89* 
PORK & BEANS - 
4 i$l 

*6 
O I a ra . 
TORE BAKERY! 
I 

' 
^GLAZED OR 
SUGAR ll C b for 
MOK I ES.tr:?::™.................... 3 6 il 
COFFEE CAKES.r.tit.rr 
,.98* 
BANANA NUT BREAD........2 - J I 

 aawai 
□KI m m 

SHAMPOO 
EARTHBORN 8 OUNCE 

GELUSIL 
165 TABLETS 
_ _ F N Til K l I _ 
. 
_ 
@1(5) or sow 
IG elu si 
STOMACH, 
HEARTBURN, 
ANO ACM 
ESTRIN./ 

JUTE 
IO LB. ROLL ASST. PLYS 
WMT GIT M I 
FOR BON. 1(1% 
NATURAL TBUS 
ONKST QUALITY 
BAHAM SRO 
Cl Ans RITI. 

ROR-ALR AUK 
NATURAL TR |w «k b,„. 
BALANCE 
SHAMPOO IS 
CERTIE TO 
YOW RAB. 

DRUGS S FOODS 

\ 
EARTHBORN 8 OUNCE 
I 
MO-ALAAIRK 
Cit i i M SF 
W C O K N T N M L X 

■■■ 

MAY 
ASSORTED BAR SOAP O L 

\k V 
I YOW CROKE 
Of l i m WOS 
FIACRARCLS. 

FABRIC SOFTENER c?.5|79 

PKG 
A 

3 BK S.I LOCUTIONS 
TO 
STINTrOW BUDS 
WALLEM AT WDCROWR 
5538 WALZEM RD.— $56-62oo 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
11743 WEST AVL— 349-5287 
BANDERA AT NI 41o 
|57o7 BANDERA RO.—884-8152 
We’re Open 24 
Hours A 
Day 
>7 Days A 

" Week. 

Blue-chips like Rice 

By HARRY PAGE 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

San Antonio will have a lot of 
Rice on its schoolboy signing menu. 

The Owls are expected to sign at least four players, including two on the 
Express-News Blue-Chip list, Tuesday on the Southwest Conference signing day. 
Lamont Jefferson of 
Jay and Bryan Philips of C h u rc h ill, two of three local blue-chip- pers, are expected to attend Rice. 
Rice Coach H om er 
Rice will be in town signing David B arr of 
C hurchill and William 
Knowles of South San 
Antonio West. 
Page it Was a n n o u n c ed earlier in the week that M ark H a r b i­ son of Churchill, who headed the local blue-chip list and is the only local player on the stale’s blue-chip roster, will be signing with Coach Steve Sloan of Texas Tech. 
Buzzy Nelson of Churchill is heading for Baylor. 
Daryl Grant of Highlands is planning to sign with either Rice or Texas A&I. 

Dad was there 

What goes into m aking an all-state football player? 

In David Darr’s ease, a large part of it was a legacy from his dad, Kenneth. And the legacy is called spirit. 

The Churchill star was named to the Class AAAA all-state first team as a defensive back, and was picked on the second-team offensive unit as a running back to put the icing on a tragedy-to-triumph story. 
“ I knew my dad was there,” said Barr. “ The faith in knowing he was there helped the whole season turn out better than what I expected.” 
The elder B arr died suddenly in early August — a week before school started. 
“ I’ve lived in a Christian home all my life, and being a Christian helped me accept it,” B arr said. “ As fas as being concerned with football, my dad was with m e this season. Even though I lost him before the season. I knew 

See DARR’S, Page SS 
DW ID DARR 
. legacy from dad 

“ The academic ratings and the style of football are what impressed m e with 
Rice,” said Jefferson. “ I had been in­ terested with Texas Tech also, but I like Rice a little better. Plus, Rice was recruiting a running back.” 
“ I liked it at Rice when I visited the cam pus,” Knowles said. “ Everybody is real close up there...like a family. 
They pass a lot and that’s what I like. 

 for I do like to catch the football.” 
“ The Southwest Conference was a little w o rried about my speed and size.” B a rr said. “ Rice, however, runs a defense like Churchill's—a zone coverage in the secondary with some man to-man coverage. I don’t have the 
4.5 speed in the 4o that some of the conference schools wanted for cover­ age of fast receivers. I run about 4.8 or 

4.7. That s why I chose Rice, because of its zone defense.” 
“ It was a hard choice to m ake,” said 
Harrelson. “ I had to choose between 
Texas Tech and Baylor. Both schools have pretty good program s. The real thing that helped m e m ak e my d e ­ cision was the people at Tech. Every­ body was all right — the Red Raider people w ere rea l nice. I think I ve 

 made the right choice. I just hope I can help them out.” 
Rick Nelson of Churchill will be at­ te n d in g S ta n fo rd on an a c a d e m ic scholarship, if not, athletic. 
LeRoy Seidel of McCollum. Willie 
Brew of South San A ntonio, Max 
B ordelon and F ra n k J a r /o m b e k of 
Central Catholic, and Ja k e Willis of 
Holmes have indicated a strong inter­ est in A&I Brew is also eyeing some other places and Jar/o m b ek is consi­ dering Texas-El Paso. 
Chuck Crowley and David Buehhorti of Lee and Jim m y Croft of Churchill have stro n g sig h ts on N orth T exas 
State. Croft is also thinking of signing with Texas A&M. 
Woody Woodruff of Jay, Derick ('Io­ nian of Fox Tech and Billy Hunt and 
Jam es Chavis of Kennedy are heading for U T E !’. Hunt an d C h av is m ay change their minds and sign with La­ m ar or Texas-Arlington. 
David Hill of Holmes has a date with the Air Force Academy. 
Tony F eld er of Jay has indicated he’ll attend UTA, while Ricky Cobb of 
H ighlands is inking with Southwest 
Texas. 
Lee's Jerom e DeSalme looks like he is heading for Wharton. 
T e x a s Lutheran appears to have 

^ 4 ^4 - ^ 4 
All-State 

SPEC IAI TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
FORT WORTH - C h u r­ chill’s Mark Harrelson and 
David Darr have been hon­ ored twice on the Class AAAA 
All-State football team an­ nounced Sunday by the Texas 
Sportswriters Association. 

Harrelson. who has announced he 
^ will attend Texas 
Tech on a football scholarship, was selected to both the first team of­ fense (as a tight end) and defense 
(as a linebacker.) 
B arr was honored on th e first team as a defen­ sive back and on th e seco n d o f­ fen se as a r u n ­ ning back. 
Harrelson 
Two other San A ntonians w ere also nam ed to the team 
K icker 
'Terry Salazar of Marshall was hon 
(ired on th e second o ffen se and d efen siv e b ack Tom 
V era of 
McCollum on the second defenst 
Vera is a junior. 

I 
Sunday 
Express-^ews 
I______ 

'Bingo' Smith recalls the 

 had old days, Page 
SPORTS 

February 6 I 977 

Cougars rejoin* in track title, Page HS 

H 
Page I -S 

Bye, Buttons 

By JOHN HINES 
OE THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 

For eight long years Stun BonewiU and the St. Gerard’s Royals 
(along with Antonian and Holy Cross) played in the shadow of 
Central Catholic, but no m ore, not after Saturday. 

The long chase ended at Alumni Gyro on the St. M ary’s cam pus as the 
Royals won the TC1L 3-AAA cham pionship with a 73-84 victory over the 
Buttons. 
TIm* real significance is that the longest current domination by any one high school in any sport in any district in the city cam e to an end. 
Central Catholic under Coach Joe Cortez had won eight straight league cage tithes (adding a couple of state crowns), or every one since Buddy Mey er s IMH 
Antonian team won the TCIL state crown. 
The longest district title streak going for any school now is South San 
Antonio1! six straight baseball championships. 
St. G e r a r d s had come close once, forcing Central into a playoff iii 1974 
(Antonlait d i d it last year), the sam e year the Royals went on to the state tournament as the “ wild c ard " entry and lust lo the Buttons iii the finals, 
The victory Saturday was the Royals’ fourth over Central this season, the first time that’s ever happened to the Buttons Bultow it/ pointed out that he had beaten Central only twice in his l oathing career prior to this year 
The first win over Central this year cam e in the consolation semifinals of the 
See ROYALS, Pagr Hi 

By JEFE (»ROSSM AN 
OF IHE I APKE SS NEW S STAFF 

Ut* did not yell, “ Eureka!** and 
In* did not run to the U.S. Patent 
Office, but Louie Dumpier felt like he had r e d isc o v e r e d s o ­ mething. 
His jump shot. 

The Spurs hope to rediscover their winning habit when they meet the New 
York Knicks Sunday ut the Convention 
Center Arena, 
Tipoff is 13 45 p.m . 
It has been a y ea r of c h an g e for 
Dumpier After nine professional sea­ sons as a starter, he became a reserve. 
And after being THE guard for the 
Kentucky Colonels, he is now one of six backcourt men for the Spurs 
Although he is sh* Nit mg right at his career mark of 4k |H*r cent, Ba rn pier seemingly has been unhappy with his m arksm anship this season. 
But last week, white s h o o t i n g around befo re the P o rtla n d g a m e . Louie 
Bum pier felt like it was alt com ing back to him Since then he has shot 

See SPI KS. Page lh 

Sports on 
TV. Had in 

TELEVISION 
11 I* a m. (Ch. ll) — Soccer. 
Noon (Ch 4) — (Grandstand. 
12:3(1 p.m. (Ch. 3) — Sunday with the 
Spurs. 
12:43 p m, (Ch. 3) — NBA Double­ header: Houston Rockets vs. New Or­ leans Jazz; Denver N u ggets vs. 
Phoenix Suns. 
1 p m (Ch. 12) — The Superstars: 
Women’s Finals 
1:3o p.m. (( h 9) — International 
Rugby: Ireland is. England, 
2 p iii. (Ch. II) — knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 
2:3o p.m . ii h 4) — Grandstand 
2:3o p iii (Ch. I i i - Wide World ol 
Sports: 
Internalion Cliff 
Diving 
< hainpionships (rom Acapulco. Mexi­ co; National Figure skating ( ham pionships 

RADIO 
12 13 p til (WO VI, 12oo) — Spurs vs. 
N, Y. knicks. 

O ne week only! 
— tremendous savings on 

 selected Florsheim Shoes from our regular stock. 

Broken lots — not all sizes in every style. Hurry 

 in — this price can’t last! 

North Star Mall 
349-6464 k *kTs 

HO USTO N 
(A P ) 
—T he 
14th-ranked A r k a n sa s R azor- b a ck s, led by sh a r p -sh o o tin g 
Hon Brewer and Marvin Delph, rallied in the second half to de­ feat Houston 82-8o and virtually clinch the Southwest Conference basketball cham pionship Satur­ day. 
Lietzke, 
11 on tie 

Tho victory gave tho Ruzorbacks an li t) record iii tho SWC and banded them a th r e e —g a m e lead over tin* 
Cougars, who are now 7-3 
Houston, which has not lost at Hof- heinz Pavilion in lh straig h t gam es including ll this year, almost m ade it 
17 in a row until tin* Razorback* sta rt­ ed their surge in the second half 
The Cougars took a 41-38 halftim e lead and built it to a 57-51 margin early 

 i i i the second half for their biggest 

Esige of the contest 
Houston led 85-8(1 with Kl minutes to go but Arkansas chipped away and two fre«* throws by Sidney Monerief with 
8 (I!) to play t mmI the gam e 7o-alt. 

A R K A N S A S (17) 
Eli i wei IE) 2 4 27. Metricr cit 4 / 9 
IS, S t r o u d 
I OO ti. ( o u n c e I I 2 J, D e lo it IU 4 S 74 
Sc h on is o I 17 
Totem 14 14 71 
H O U S T O N ((o ) 
R o s e 9 I S JI. f t iiif s o n ii l l o I J? 
S ch u ltz ti ti ti IR 
T r o m m e l 7 o o 4, I F lo m a to n I I J v 
W illiam s o O O, W hirler 1 o o 7, Wulfcei 2 o o 4 
Toto!* 
J4 I? IS 
H a lf t im e 
H o u s t o n 41. A i t a m a i in 
T o t a l fouls 
A i Kansas 7o Houston 71 F-oulerl out 
Si flail. 
B irdsong A 
1o,o61 
FLORSHEIM 
S E LE C T E D STYLES 
$ 3 9 .o o TO 
FROM 
6o OO 

Spurs, Knicks collide 

Arkansa s 

HONOLULU (AP) — Easygoing old pro Bon January, who once appeared poised to make a rout of it, had to birdie tin* final hole — alter the tele­ vision cam eras had ended their cover­ age for the day — to retain a share of the third round lead Saturday in the 
$24o,(NKI Hawaiian Open Golf Tourna­ ment, 
January had a two-stroke lead at one time, blew to a double bogey six on the 
14th hole, (lien rallied with the two-putt birdie on the last hole to In* hardhit- 

 pops UH 

ARKANSAS* SIDNEY MONCRIEF (32) grabs rebound with one hand as teammate Jim 

Counce (42) assists a p w i r e p h o t o 

 ting Bruce Lietzke for the top spot with matching scores til 284, 12-under-par tin thi* 7,234-yard Waialae Country Club course. 
Canny W adkins, once one of tin* gam e’s most promising young stars but mired iii a deep slum p since sur­ gery more than two years ago, ripped out a six-under-par 88 and was within a single stroke of the lead at 285 

H * 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

• 
'4l i s t 
' a i 
. ' i i i t 
A 
* 
' 
»<yr».■»yfy-'- - 

Sunday February 6 1977 
^ “>f 
“M 
Snake 

H o c k e y 

N A T IO N A L h o c k e y l e a g u e 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick Division 

S U N L A N D P A R K : 
Fe a tu re — Tie B re a k e r 
($6 oo), Tuff Be ar, M ade In Style One mite in 1:39 

W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
P h ilad e lp h ia 
31 
IO 
12 
74 
2o8 
145 
N Y , isla n d e rs 
31 
14 
8 
7o 
19o 
133 
A tlanta 
24 
18 l l 
59 
179 
167 
N Y 
R a n g e rs 
18 
23 
13 
49 
’ 88 
198 
Sm vthe Division 
St 
Louis 
22 
26 
6 
SO 
158 
169 
Chicago 
19 
26 
9 
47 
171 
189 
C d o ra d o 
15 
29 
9 
39 
155 
196 
M innesota 
12 
28 
12 
36 
152 
211 
Va n co u ve r 
15 
33 
6 
36 
151 
21o 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
Norris Division 
M ontreal 
39 
7 
8 
86 
259 
125 
Pittsb urgh 
24 
2o 
9 
57 
168 
164 
Los 
A ngeles 
19 
23 
IO 
48 
171 
167 
W ashington 
16 
29 
9 
41 
146 
2o2 
Detroit 
14 
31 
6 
34 
13o 
188 
Adorns Division 
Boston 
31 
17 
6 
68 
2o4 
17o 
B uffalo 
29 
17 
6 
64 
188 
149 
Toronto 
25 
21 
7 
57 
196 
175 
C leveland 
16 
28 
9 
41 
155 
191 

<M»lf 

Frid ay's Gam e 
A tlan ta 6, Boston 3 
Saturday s Gomes 
W ashington 3. N ew Yo rk Islan d e rs 3 
P h ilad e lp h ia 7, Toronto 5 
Pittsb u rg h 3, D etroit I 
V a n co u v e r S. M innesota 5 
C le velan d 3. C hicago 2 
St Lo uis 6. B u ffalo 5 
M o n tre al at Los A ngeles 
Sunday's Gam es 
N ew York Islan d e rs at N ew Y o rk R a n g e rs 
W ashington at Boston 
Pittsb u rg h at C olorad o 
V a n co u v e r at D etroit 
M innesota at C hicago 

W O R LD H O C K E Y A SSO C IA T IO N 
Eastern Division 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
Po in ts T o u rn an en t; 
Men: 
B ill E n g la n d 39. R ich 
B aeh m an , and B ill M cC ullo ugh 38; E v B u c k 37, 
S tretch M o rg an , B ill K a m p e rm o n , H o b e rt P e p p e r, and Llo vd G a r c ia 36; Jim P a g e and Jo h n D e atch , 
35 
Women: 
P e g g y B ed fo rd . 45, B o b b ie P e n fie ld , 
35; M a r y Lith e re d g e 28 
ATA SC O C ITA IN V IT A T IO N A L 
At Houston 
Leaders atter 18 of 54 holes. 
H ouston 364, T exas 
374, T e x a s A & M , 375 
M edalist: 
R u s ty D a y , 
Texas A & M , 7o. 

SACC 
The S a n A n to n io C o u n try C lu b w ill hold its w eek ly to u rn am en t Su n d ay b eginning at I p m 

A LA M O C IT Y G O L F A SSO C IA T IO N 
A tw o m a n p ic k y o u r p a r t n e r to u r n e y a n d sw e e p s ta k e s w ill be held a t B ra c k e n r id g e G o lf 
C o urse of l l a m 
Sudov. 

C A R P E N T E R S 
39 — W ood y T u c k e r, G re g G o n zale z, G 11 B e r lonqa, O rv o l G e rd e n z tz , C O. S m ith an d E d d it 
Pru d e s. R au l G u e rra , C h a rle s U rb a n o w ic h , Otto 
Tab b ert, 
Tom m y Cano, tie. 4o — A n d y B e a v e r 
E d d ie G u e r r a , O s c a r H ille r , S te v e D a lm a t ia 
Chuck F itz g erald 

Jun ior M en’s Finals 
I, Robert Wagenhofter. Fontana, Cold . 7 ordinals, 
72 oo points. 2, Reggie Raiford, Portland, O re , 15, 
69 6o 3, Reginald Stanley, Ardm ore, P a ., 23. 67 OO 

Gold Dance Finals 
I, Ju d i G en o vesi, V e rn o n , Conn , ond K e n t W eig ie . 
W 
H a r tfo r d , C o n n ., 9 o r d in a ls . 152 78 p o in ts 
2. 
Susan K e lle y and A n d re w Stro uko ff. C la y m o n t, Dei , 
16, I SO. IO. 3, M ich e lle F o rd , Tem pe, A r il,, and G lenn 
Patte rso n , Ph o en ix , 18, 149.o6. 4, S ta c v Sm ith and 
Jo h n Su m m ers, C laym o n t, D el., 3o, 143 56. 5. C aro l 
Fox, W estland . M ich, and ric h a rd D a ile y , L a th ro p 
Village, M ich., 36, 14o.5o. 6, D ee O sero ff and C raig 
Bond, Ph o en ix , 39, 138 88. 7. Ja c k ! Bo o th , M aso n 
O hio an d Tim H o d g e s, C in c in n a ti, 55, 1 34 56 
8, 
Sheila C o rco ran , A rlington, M ass. an d J J . K orunas, 
J r , C am b rid g e, M ass., 61, 131.1o. 9, B o n n ie B u rto n and W illia m B u rto n , J r . , Lin co ln . M o ss., 62. 131 38 
1o, C a th y M a r r o n a n d H a t M a r r o n , S a n ta A n a , 
Calif , 65, 13o.84 l l , H elen Zion, B e d fo rd heights, 
Ohio and D avid C h rie n , S h a k e r H eig h ts, O hio 
71 
128.7o. 

 rally wins it 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 
A U S T IN - A f te r a s h a k y start, the St. M a r y ’s R a ttle rs ro lle d past H u sto n - T illo tso n , 
81-63, Satu rd ay night in a B ig 
State Conference gam e. 

Dan Cook 

Som e anxious m om ents at state tourneys 

I t l l L ib s 

SA R U G B Y C L U B 
T h e So n A n to n io R u g b y C lu b c o o tu r e d tw o g a m e s S a tu rd a y at O lm o s B a s in o v e r 
C o rp u s 
Christi 
The A side zipped to a 42 o shutout w hile the B side took a 12 6 win. B ru c e S e m lin g e r had three trie s and Terry E n g lis h and Jo h n H a rg ro v e two each for the A side, w h ich is now 2 o and unscored on S a m D ixie and M u s k y B u ze k sco red tries for the B side. 

W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
Q uebec 
31 
18 
I 
63 
224 
182 ind ianap o lis 
25 
22 
4 
54 
I 74 
18o 
C incinnati 
24 
24 
2 
5o 
222 
IOO 
N ew 
En g lan d 
2o 
31 
5 
45 
179 
214 
B n m m gham 
21 
33 
I 
43 
187 
2o8 x M innesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 
Western Division 
Houston 
IO 
1/ 
5 
66 
191 
151 
San 
D iego 
29 
21 
2 
6o 
177 
173 
W innipeg 
27 
2o 
I 
55 
228 
176 
Phoen ix 
21 
29 
2 
44 
184 
238 
Ed m o nto n 
21 
29 
2 
44 
14o 
192 
C a lg a ry 
2o 
26 
4 
44 
159 
1/o 

Howling 

 x fra n ch is e disb and ed 
Frid ay s Gam es 
Houston 4, N ew E n g lan d I 
■ Birm ing ham 7. Quebec o 
W innipeg 8, San D iego 2 
Saturday s Gam es 
Ind ianap o lis 5, B irm in g h a m 2 
C a lg a ry 4. Ph o en ix I 
C in cin n ati 8. N ew E n g la n d 3 
Sunday s Gam es 
C a lg a ry at W in nip eg 
Sun D iego at Ed m o n to n 
Ind ianap o lis at N ew E n g lan d 
C incinnati at Q uebec 

Horst* Haring 

A Q U ED U C T . 
$55,ooo S ty m ie H a n d ic a p 
P a trio ts D re am ($5 oo), Turn and Count, F ra m p io n 
One ond 1 s m iles in I 51 3 5 
LO U ISIA N A DO W NS 
F e a tu re 
F o n d Po rn! 
($7 4o), Quiapo. B in g K in g Six fu rlo n g s in I IS 
O A K L A W N P A R K : 
F e a t u r e 
- 
R ig h t 
B e t 
($13 4o). C a rry in g the M ole, Lo B e lla A im e r Oni m ile and 7o vcirda iii t 4o 
B O W IE f e a t u r e 
D a m ts y D o ts ie 
($2 8o) em erge s G ift, W unetii 
G A R D E N S T A T E P A R K 
$17,24o D e la w a r e 
V a lle y H a n d ica p - 
B e a r e r Bond ($9 8o1. On Thr 
Sly 
N e v e r R e tre a t 
Six fu rlo n g s in 1 
11. 
W A S H IN G T O N P A R K f e a t u r e 
B a u g h t y 
Ja k e 
($8 oo). G o od L o Q u in ta, G o P a G o 
Six ti i longs ill 112 2 5 
G U L F S T R E A M 
$42 32o G o ld e n G r a s s H o n cheap 
C a v ia r 
K id 
($11.8o), N a s h u a s S o n g , 
Sonny C ollins One m ite in 1:39 2 5 
F A IR G R O U N D S 
$13,ooo V ietix 
L o r r e M an 
•bean 
O r le a n s A rtis t 
( it 4 6oi. S e c o n d P la c e 
Zeopline, Tim Tam D ip O ne m ile and 4o y a rd s in 
I 17 2 5 
SA N TA A N ITA 
$58,55o Sa n ta M a t in H a n d ic a p 
H ail H ila rio u s ($9 4o), V ag o b o n d a, B o s to n e ia ii 
O ne ond 116 m iles in I 42 
G O LD E N G A T E F IE L D S 
SIO OOO ( a m id id U rs a 
H a n d icap 
H igh E s tim a te ($13 6o) 
B o m s P e n n y , 
D esert Boots F iv e fu rlo n g s in 
58. 
S U F F O L K D O W N S f e a tu r e 
M iste r 
P r ie to 
($4 4o). S p icer B ro o k . Setto n co u rse Six fu rlo n g s In 
I 12 4 5 

SO U T H W EST T E X A S J R S 
At Goliad 
Team 
C lass A — Strik ing F iv e 2 9 lt. A ll S ta r , 
B o w le rs Elite 2833, K e r r v ille ; A s tro No 
I 
2718, 
A stro 
Class B — T ra c y e R a id e rs 2992, G o lia d , 
H e rm a n Sons No 
2 291.5, H e rm a n So n s; 
G re e n 
Slim e B o ys 2811, G o liad C lass C 
H e rm a n Sons 
No 
3o21, H e rm o n Sons, D is co K id s 2798, K e rr v id e , 
P in b u s t e r s 2686, O ak 
H ills 
C la s s D 
Southside Knig hts 1892. Southsid e. Sp lit P in s 2879, 
K e r r v ille ; H ead P in s 2754. K e r r v ille 
C la s s C 
Southside cmd B ro o k s No 
I ,‘882. 
H e rm a n Sons 
Na 
I 28?2, H e rm a n Sons, B o d N ew s B e a r s 28)8. 
K e rrv ille 

S A B A S E B A L L U M P S 
The 
Son A n to n io C h a p te r ut th e S o u th w e s t 
B a s e b a ll U m p ire s A sso ciatio n w ill hold its first m eeting Su n d ay a1 M cC o llu m H ig h ' Scho ol G y m negm ning at 4 p m 

H v m n a M l i t 'K 
• 

C LA SS I O P T IO N A L 
At San Marcos 
All A round — C a rrie M aso n, A m a rillo , 31 I, Ja n 
C a rm a ck , S W T , 29 75; 
Tina M a rlin , T ex as A A M , 
27 3. 
K a th y C a m e ro n , A m a rillo , 26 85, 
S h e r r y 
M ason, A m a rillo , 26 8, P e n n y Ccdlero, S W T . 25 o 
Vault e a r m a r k , 8 2. C 
M ason, 8 o; Ccdlero, 7 9 
B e a m — C. M ason, 7 6, C a rm a c k . 7 o, S 
M aso n , 
6 45 U n e ve n B a ts - 
C. M aso n , 7 9, C a r m a c k , 7 4; 
S 
M ason, 6 85 flo o r E x e rc is e — P e t r i H u rtin g ton, Texas A A M , 8 o, C am ero n , 7 6. C 
M aso n , 7 6 
Trai*k 

M> 

S A R O A D R U N N E R S 
Al Pecan Volley Pork 
R eed G a b rie l 
5 44, C a v in A lfo rd . 7 14. 
M ike E rie n m p y e r 
5 19 
Scott P la v lc . 5 43 
L J 
S r h r o e d e r, 6 27 
Tw o M ile 
R a y S c h n e id e r . 
1 4 59. Jo h n D ic k e y , IO ii 
L e ro y H a r v e y , l l o7, 
B la m e Alford, ll 43, tw o tied tor tilth 
T h re e M ile 
Al Beck o n , 21 oo, D avid G o d fre y. 21 O I. B a n k ' 
Smith, 71 o7 
John Dickey. IS 58 
Larry 
St brooder, 22 56 

S k a t i n g 

Smith's New 
Chevy Truck 
Specialist 

TOM SU RTEES 

Corr*.* on in to Sm ith's Truck 
M,»ii and let Tom show you 
R E A L values. Show 'em to you under cover out of tile rum and mud and cold in Sm ith's all-under-cover 
Super Truck Mali, 

1221 BROADWAY 

H A R T F O R D ( A P ) — R e su lts in S o tu rd a y S U S 
F ig u re S ka tin g C ham p ionship s 
Men s Novice Division 
I, Ja m e s S a n te e , P a r k R id g e , III . 7 o r d in a ls , 
IM 46 2. R ic h a rd Zand er, Huntington B e a c h C aid 
19, 1o9 88 3, B ria n Boduno, S u n n y v a le , C a lif . 19 
HO 81 
Lad y's Novice Division 
I, JO I S a w y e r, Tocom ci. W ash 
8. 1 17 53 2, L y n n 
S m ith , W a ln u t C re e k . C o ld , >5, l i t 98 
J, J a c k i 
F a r r e ll. Rosery’ , III . 21, H I S S 
Aggie Heart won 

CO LLEGE STATION (A P) — Offensive guard 
Craig (ilendenmng and defensive end Charles 
Marshall were named co-winners of the Aggie Heart 
Award at Texas AA M ’s football honors program 
Saturday night. 
(Ilendenning of Celina and Marshall of Dallas were the first players in history to share the award which is voted on by the entire football squad. 
The award is limited to seniors and is based on such factors as effort, desire, determination and competitiveness. 
(irid game sought 

SPECIAL to THE EXPRESS NEW S 
( OMPI S ( HUISH — ( lass AAA A Corpus Christi 
Moody High School is looking for an opponent to scrimmage either Sepl. 2 or Sept :i on the eve of the 
IHT? football season Interested teams can cond act 
Raymond Davis at Moody High School. 854-2512 in 
Corpus Christi. 
McNeese w ins,6.5-63 

JONESBORO, Ark 
(AIM - Hurley McLaurm scored 21 (joints to lift McNeese State I'niversity to a 
H.VtiJ Southland Conference victory over Arkansas 
State Saturday night 
The victory improved MSI \ record to 14-4 and 2-1 iii league play. A SI’, which had won five in a row. dropped lo WK and 2-1, leaving both clubs tied for first place. 
ASI had a chance it) pull out the victory late in th. game, but center Dan Henderson missed two free throws with I 28 remaining and then a 12-foot jumper with eight seconds left 

Dons stay tough 

SAN FRANCISCO (A P) - Marlon 
Redmond destroyed Nevuda-Reno with 
18 points in the first half Saturday night, propelling the top-ranked 
I ’niversity of San Francisco Dons to a 
88-81 West Coast Athletic Conference basketball victory. 
Redmond finished with 27 points and teammate Winford Boynes added 22, including 14 in the second half, in the victory which made USF 22-1). The 
Dons virtually locked up the WCAC race, making their record 8-o, com­ pared to second-place Nevada-Rcno’s 
4*3. 
Joey Schmidt led Nevada’s scorers with 23 points, but IO of them were in the second half when the Wolf Pack never was within ll) points of San 
Francisco. 
Nine minutes into the game, USF led 
22-2o before Redmond exploded with a hot streak which carried the Dons to a 
53-33 halftime lead. 
Nevada cut USK’s lead to IO points. 
75-65, midway in the second half. Hut center Bill Cartwright, who scored 21 points, then scored for U SF and 
Boynes added two more baskets to pad the margin 
Nevada center Edgar Jones had IO of his team’s first 2o points and finished the game with lf). The Wolf Pack is 12-8 overall tins season. 
Old-timers lead 

B y W ILL G RIM SLEY 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NKW YORK — None of the mo­ dern-day millionaire super stars could crash baseball’s all-time line-up as picked by a man who has covered the sport from Ty Cobb to Murk "The 
Bird” Fidryeh 
“ Nobody can accuse me of being glued to the past — I have been as close to the present-day players as to any of the old-timers,” said Fred Lieb of St. 
Petersburg, Fla.. 88, oldest member of the Veterans Committee for the Hall of 
Fame. 
"Fred knows baseball as well as anyone I know. He is very sharp and contributes a great deal to our deli­ berations." said Joe Cronin, former player, manager and president of the 
American League. 
Lieb began covering baseball for the old Philadelphia News in 15)1o, later worked on newspapers in New York and returned to Philadelphia briefly before chasing the sun to St. Pete, hub of the Florida major league spring training circuit. 
"Sin ce you a s k ." the slender, silver-haired Lieb said, " I will give you my all-time major league line-up.” 
Here it is: 
• lh—Lou Gehrig 
• 2b—Eddie Collins 
• ss —Huns Wagner 
• 3b—Pie Tray nor 
• lf—iTv Cobb 
• cf—Tris Speaker 
• rf—Babe Ruth 
• c—Bill Dickey, Mickey Cochrane. 
• p—Cy Young, Walter Johnson, 
Christy Mathew son. Bob Feller, right­ handers; liefly Grove, Sandy Koufax, left-handers. 

Ah, those golden m em ories of the Golden Gloves. Lik e the tim e 
^ 
It 
, 
, , our featherw eight got stuck in the elevator at Fo rt W o rth ’s W orth 
I he Rattlers upped their season re- i 
* 
* r u, cord to 17-5 with their seventh straight Hotel. W ith the pretty elevator operator, of course. O ur feather- vactory and their BSC record to 5-1, weight was a flyw eight by the tim e that car w as unstuck. 
That was the same year, days after the state tournament, that the hotel manager sent an additional bill for $365. Seems that some members of our team thought that the pillows, sheets, towels and wall pictures were included in the regular hill. 

 remaining a game back of league- leading Texas Lutheran. 
Bobby Reid scored 2H points and pulled down 2o rebounds for the 
Rattlers, who had to battle from a 36-36 halftime deadlock to win. mx.og.e r rn a B littj” defenq*a rn 
; 
The Rattlers pounded the Rams, 
45-27, in the second half, and were up by more than 2o points with IO minutes to . Messbarger substituted freely late in the game. 
Leon Walls added 14 points to the 
Rattler attack and Roy Leggett had IO. 
Eov Blasingame had I? for the Rams. 
Tke Rattlers return to Alumni Gym 
Monday night to battle rival South­ western in a key BSC tilt. Huston-Til- lotson slips to 5-11 on tin1 year and 1-5 in conference play. 

Reid t egg* 
C nghm 
W lls 
Gdng 
Paw zn 
Sch rd r 
Jm e s 
W hitnel 
Ja k lc h 
M ean s 
Brg d n 
Gray 
Totals 

St. M ary s (81) tg ft-a to 
IO 
6 8 
26' 
OO 
3 4 
2 3 
OO 
o o 
6 7 
oo 
1 2 
2 2 
2 2 
I 3 
OO 

Huston-Tillotson (63) fg ft-a 
7 
4 7 

29 21-31 81 

B lu sn am 
Rag gs 
W ood ard 
C an a d v 
E d w rd s 
Mc Dnld 
Battle 
Rettrg 
Sw ain 
Mims 
Jaeksn 
Totals 

o o 
o o 
o o 
3 4 
o o 
3 3 ll 
1-2 
oo 
1 
4 
25 13 21 63 
4S—81 
27—63 
St M a r y 's 
Huston-Tillotson 
A ttend ance 
5oo 
Temple wins 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

LAREDO — Laredo JC had two tur­ novers and one missed shot in the final 
45 seconds and lost a 68-66 decision to 
Temple JC Saturday night. 
Two free throws by Edison Smith proved to be the winning points for 
Temple. 

T E M P L E (68) — 
D an n y S o lls b e rry 26, E d is o n 
S m ith 
14, 
Ro n H e n n in g to n 
14. R a n d a ll 7, o 
C rum pton 4, Scott 3, H in n ers, K ro m m 
L A R E D O JC (66) — 
Ju a n R e y n o 25, V o n Zonf 
D r iv e r l l , D e C o v e r ly 8. C a r r ie r 8, S te a le r 6, 
K ra m m e r 2. R a m ire z 2. W illia m s 2, C a v a z o s 2. 
H all 
H alftim e 
L a re d o JC 36, T em p le 79 
SWT falls 

SPECIAL to the expr ess n e w s 

WACO — Tarleton State girls ran off 
It) straight points in the second half and downed Southwest Texaa, 53-47, capturing the fifth-place game at the 
Baylor Invitational Tournament Sa­ turday afternoon. 
Earlier in the day, SWT nudged 
Texas-Arlington, 68-66. to earn the right to play in the fifth-place event. 

T A R L E T O N ST A T E (52) — 
^W atkins 19 
Ro ss 
13, Leans 8. C o rro u th e rs 6, W illia m s 4. M a y 2 
SO U T H W EST T E X A S (47) — 
P a t G a m b le 17. 
T e rru T e rn A n d ereg g IO, Hood 8. Lin k 4, B la sto id 
4, D unn 2, M az u rek 2 
Halftime 
Tarleto n 26, S W T 25 

SW T ($8) — 
Denise Dunn I J, Pot Gam ble 13. 
Janet Linn 12, LuAnn Hood I?. T e rn Anderegg IO, 
Bias'olli . ichois 2 
UTA (66) — 
Sheila ConncjHv ll, Cottmgton ll. 
Julie Massev l l , Ja n ice Stats IO. M ary W eem s IO, 
Pooeika 6, Rodowott 2 
Halftime: 
U TA u. SW T 2o 
P u r d u e u p se t 

CHAMPAIGN, IU. (A P ) - Audie 
Matthews’ jump shot at the final buzzer Saturday gavelllinois a 71-7o victory over 18th-ranked Purdue in a 
Big Ten basketball upset. 

F r i d a y s In f# * b o x o N 

W A SH IN G TO N (1o9): G revev 4 6 6 14. H ayes 12 
8 11 32, Unsetd 6 O O 12, Chenier 8 4 5 2o, W rig h t 3 O O 
6 G r a y 5 o o IO. H en d erso n 1 2 5 4, KuDChnk S 1-2 l l , 
W eiss o o o o, B m g o O O o Totals 44 21 29 1o9 
S E A T T L E (1o6): W eath e r spoon 6 o 1 12, S e a ls 2 
2 2 6, B u rle so n 3 2 2 8, Jo h n so n 2 1 4 5 , W atts 8 5 6 21, 
B ro w n 12 o o 24, G re e n 5 I I l l , N o rw o o d o 3 4 3. 
W ilk erso n 3 (6Q 6. Toison 3 4 6 IQ, L o v e o o o o To tals 
44 l l 26 1o6 
Washington 
J t 26 3o 77— 1o9 

Seattle 
2o 21 29 21— 1o6 
Fouled Out —None 
Total fouls —W ashington 21. 
Seattle 23 A —14 o98 

ATLAS- 

TRANSMISSION 

SPECIALS 

I C 
. ________ 
> 
T RA N SM ISSIO N jr 
INSMaiON 

RESEAL 
SPECIAL 

Whin your transmission rt leek mg or (irking rn some loses oil you need is o seal 
(ok 

FLUID (HANGE & ADJUST 

CHECK LINKAGE • CLEAN 

FILTER - REPLACE PAN 

GASKET ETC. 

*28 
95 

ASK ABOUT OUR 

CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

FINANCING ARRANGED 

We ore not newcomers, 14 years in San Antonio 
ATLAS--- 
TRANSMISSION 
NOR TH SI DI LOCATION 
• BUNCO 
733.o*31 we 733.o3o1 
SOUTH IART LOCATION 
7*3 ft. w.w W ien 
3 3 3 .o 3 o o 

SOUTH BIDI LOCATION 

1 §31 •«w. M n n A ir m . 
o 3 3 .7 o * o 

College cage scores 

These are the things that come to mind as dates for another regional 
Golden Gloves tournament have been announced for San Antonio. 

For almost 
3o years these 

 newspapers sponsored the amateur boxing show in this city. And for about 
15 of those years It was my task to take care of details, such as purchasing equipment and trophies, booking au­ ditorium dates, having tickets printed and preparing for weigh-ins and phy­ sical exams. As a reward for perform­ ing those chores I was allowed to takr our champions to Fort Worth as a team for the state meet. 

A coach, of course, also went along to look after the kids’ ring needs but the final responsibilities fell in my lap and folks, when I made that first trip I had no earthly idea just how large and how numerous those responsibiiites would be. 

Let’s begin by making it clear that, year in and year out, the great major­ ity of our San Antonio champs were well-behaved and dedicated. But on every team of eight we alw ays seemed to have at least one coconut who couldn’t stay out of trouble. Some years we had two. 

To protect the innocent and to relieve 

 the minds of (he guilty let it be known now that no names will be mentioned in this article. After all, we’re going hack a number of years and besides, the manager of the Worth Hotel once told me that Golden Glovers during a state meet weren't nearly as bad as 4-H clubbers during a state convention. 
One of those kids once tried to take a 
3oo-pound calf through the hotel’s front door. It was a revolving door. 

In all fairness to the 4-H youngster, he almost made it. 

Elevator trick 

My initiation to the trials of tour director came about two hours after we arrived in Fort Worth. That was my first visit with a team in tow. 

A nice nap seemed in order after the 

 long drive but before slumber could come the hotel manager phoned to in­ form me that one from my crew was stuck in one of his elevators with his prettiest elevator girl. Been there for 
2o minutes. Since my knowledge on the mechanics of an elevator are rather limited I wasn't sure what was required of me. 

Turned out that a mechanic wasn't needed. Seems that it was an inside job. 
Somebody inside the elevator—and there were only two there—had flipped the "emergency stop” switch. The hotel manager seemed to think that my guy was holding his gal as a hostage for so­ mething or other. He even hinted along the lines of kidnapping but that was ridiculous since nobody had received a ransom note. 
The manager and I took the elevator next to the car in question up along­ side. to the loth floor. Then we began banging on the side of our car for at­ tention and I yelled to my fighter for an immediate surrender. He yelled back that he was perfectly willing but the lady with him had forgotten how to operate through an emergency stop. It 

 was her first day on the job. 

Then their two voices began chatter­ ing at us but the chatter was fading, downward. By the time that we figured that they were heading down they had a four-floor headstart on us. The hotel manager never saw that elevator girl again but my fighter checked hack in time for supper. 

The next night the poor guy got knocked out in the first round. A light uppercut to his middle put him on all fours for the IO count. There’s just not enough room in most elevators to train properly. 
The borrower 

One year the weather caught us in a switch. When we went to Fort Worth temperatures were near 8o but over­ night a cold wave blew in, followed by snow. We weren’t prepared with en­ ough warm clothes. 
There was nothing in our budget that allowed for nine new overcoats but we did find some sweatshirts on sale. 
One afternoon our middleweight called my hotel room and asked if he could borrow 
" a few item s," explaining that he had forgotten to bring any shaving lotion and tooth­ paste. I told him to come on up to the room and I’d either loan him the mon­ ey for the toilet items or give him some money. He didn’t show and I forgot about it. 

But he did show at 4 a.m., after I was 

 fast asleep. “ I came to borrow those things,” he said. "T ake what you need,” I answered and jumped back into bed. 
The next morning 
I 

 learned—slowly—that he had taken my toothpaste, shaving lotion, razor, top­ coat, sweater, two shirts and a pair of socks. 

If he had been a flyweight he would have lost his first fight before the tournament started. 
But, as mentioned, we should keep in mind that most of our representatives to the state meet in jhosc years were great kids and well-mannered. It was those wild ones, however, who some­ how left me with the most memories of my long association with the Golden 
Gloves. 

Saturday * Remit* 

T E X A S T EA M S 

Southwest Conference 

A rk a n s a s 82. Houston 8o 
Texas Tech 84 R ice 65 
Texas 75 Savior 72, J O T * 
S M U 116, TC U 84 

Lone Star Conference 
Stephen P A ustin 77, Southw est exas 7J 
Sam Houston 7o. Texas A A I 68 
Angelo St 5o, E a s t Texas 49 
H o w a r d R a y n e 79, A b ile n e hr titian It 

Big State Conference 

St 
M a r y * 81, Huston Tiliotson 

Lu th jfhwes ter 
E a s t T ex as Duettist 6o. St 
E d w o rd s 57 
Other Texas Teams 
T rin ity 74 Le T o u rn e q u 64 
Co lorad o St 
51, T ex as E l P a v o 
46 
R a n A m e r ic a n 89. H ou ston 
B ap tist 72 
N orth Texas VV L a m a r 9o 
W est T e x as 9o. D ra k e 87 
U T A rlin g to n 9o, H a r d in S im m ons 87 
Texas Southern 77, Sou th ern u 
71 
T e x as College 1o3. A m b a ssa d o r 

M id w e ste rn 19 
D o n a s B a p t'* ! 

Bishop C ollege 129, HogI Qum n 

M c M u rry 95 
Texas W e s le ya n 

Tem ple JC 68 L a re d o JC <*>6 

T H E N ATIO N 
Atlantic Coast 

M a ry la n d 65, D uke 64. OT 
W ak e Forest 8o, V irg in ia 72 
N orth C a ro lin a 88. F o rm a n 71, non co nference 
N orth C a ro lin a St l l , G e o rg ia 
Tech 71, non co n feren ce 

Ivy Leoaue 
C o rn ell 76, D artm ou th 45 
Prin ce to n 7o, B ro w n 52 
Colum b ia 92 H a r v a r d 74 
Pe n n 77. Vote 74, 2 OT 

Metra-7 

Lo u is ville l l ) , M em p h is St 9J 
• if Ten 
Michigan 93, Ohio St 72 
In d ia n a i i . M ich ig an St 79 
M innesota 79, N o rth w este rn 53 
Illinois 71, P u rd u e 7o io w a 9o. W isconsin 73 
Southeastern 
K e n tu ck y 113. V a n d e rb ilt 73 
Tennessee 93. A u b u rn 83 
A la b a m a 77, LSV ) 7o 
M ississip p i 82, M ississip p i St 67 
F lo rid a 84. G e o rg ia 71 
B i* E ig h t 
M isso u ri 97 O k lah o m a St i i 
K a n sa s St 73, C o lorad o 61 
K a n s a s 91, O k lah o m a 81 
N e b ra sk a 66. Io w a St St 

Missouri Valley 
B rg d ie y 8o. T u lsa 78 
W est Texas 9o, D ra k e 87 
W ic h ita St 91, Sou th ern illin ois 
9o. 2 OT 
Mid-Amar ic on 

Toledo TI, M iam i, O hio 68 
<en trat M ich ig an 96 K e n t st 76 
W e s te rn M ic h ig a n 56, E a s t e r n 
Mite 
S3' 

DRIVERS NEEDED! 

DRIVf O N I OF OUR CARS TO THE 

W iSTCO A ST A N D OTHER M A JO R 

CITIES 

USE OUR CAR 
YOU BUY TNE GAS 

CALL 
2 2 4 - 2 2 2 1 

Western Athletic 
A rizo na 99 A rizo n a St 83 
N ew M e x ico 93, W yo m in g 78 
CotoraOo St 51, T ex as E l P a s o 
46 

Pacific 8 
U C L A 72, W ashington St 59 
Southern C al 83, W ashington 7o 

Other Teams 

Son F ra n c is c o 98, N e va d a R e n o 
81 
N otre D am e 88. D avid so n 57 
N e va d a L o s V e g a s 89. R u tg e rs 

S y ra cu s e HO, N o rth e a ste rn TO 
South C a ro lin a 49, Tem ple 46 
N O W 76. L y n c h b u rg 66 • 
A rm y 76, Seton Matt 73 
A ir F o rc e M . O k lah o m a C ity 77 
St Jo h n s. N Y . IJ N ia g a ra 66 
St F ra n c is . P o 96 U N C C h a r io«e 87 
VU lanovg 74. D uquesne 61 
D etroit 85, C in cin n a ti X a v ie r 76 
M cN e e se 65. A rk a n s a s St el 
R ichm ond 67, Ja c k s o n v ille 65 
N orth D ak ota 7t, N orth D ak o ta 
SI 56 
H oly C ro ss 9o, St, P a te r s, N J 
IS 
St Jo sep h s, P a 97, K in g * 76 
Boston College 77. F o r d ham 76, 
OT 
D ayton 86, C hattanoog a 78 
W e s t e r n K e n t u c k y 7Q, E a s t 
Tennessee 61 
E v a n s v ille 15, B utler 82 
V ir g in ia T ech 75, G e o rg e W a ­ shington 73, GT 
A p p alach ia n st 68, Cttaae* 64 
V ir g in ia C o m m o n w e a lth 62, 
W r ‘grit St 7o 
O ld D o m in io n 73, W illia m A 
M a ry 71 
G e o rg e to w n , O C 
6o 
L o y o la 
Chicago 7o 
Hue knew 7|, D e tg w o re 75 
W est C a ra n n a 66. E a s t C a ra u n a 
33 
La fa ye tte I t , R>der 63 
A lco rn St 79 Touguioo69 
Eliza b eth C ity 97, V irg in ia St 9$ 
( C S r 66, john ja y W 
M an h attan It H o is tra 77 
W ittenb erg 82 Onto W e s ie v a n 

C lario n , P o 86. D y k e 67 
D avid Lip sco m b 79, B en o rm m e 
69 
Plattsb u rg h St 84, C o rtlan d St 

G ro ce lo n d 6o, W illia m Je w e tt 47 
W illia m s 79, C olby 67 
St L a w re n c e ii, Ith a c a 63 
F r a n k lin A M a r s h a ll 7o, M a raw ion 63 
Tark io 84 B a k e r 52 
D efiance 92, F in d la y 74 
A shland O 78, A d ria n 72 
C alvin 85. H ope 74 
A lm a 72. K a la m a z o o 7i 
G ra n d V a lle y 89, F e r n 
D rex el 49 W id ener 46, 
Su sq uehanna 84, D dO i lev 6b 
H a n o v e r 68. E a r lh a m 
B ir m in g h a m So u th e r minor pc* 68 
Pfeiffer 83, A tlantic Ch 
M uskingum 64, Capitu 
C en tral M ethodist lege 75 
N e w b e rry 62, La n d e r 5o 
F a irfie ld 94 Stonehifi 84 
E rs k in e 75. P ic s b y te n a n 54 
Ch arlesto n 64, F ra n c is M o n o n 

High school basketball 

 or 

MH 

I 89, O 

 n stton 
47 
P o rk Ct 

Boys 

TCIL ii-A A A 

B O E R N E ST 
A L B E R T S H A L L B O Y S (13) - 

Snell 4. G Jensen 3. Flock 2. Mo rn/ 2, Atlee 2, J 
Jensen 

Halftime 
St Anthony* 76, St A lb e rt* IO 

Orlando G a rc ia IS, Frank 
9, Pout 9, Pudiha 4, Hector 
>/ 2. G usm an 2, M um berto 

57 

MOLY CRO SS (61) 

Vasaoez 12 £ mondo 
R ive ra J, G 
Vavaut 
Rivera 2 

A N T O N IA N (5((4*> 
B ill M o n te m o vo r 
IO, 

Hymet 8. Trevino J, Kainer 6. O Shea 5, Rendon i, 
Vosauez 4, Petri I, K listing 2, Rodriguez. 
Halftime 
How Cross 32, Antonian 28 

Highlights 
Amunam led, 57 56, ond went into stall with 59 seconds to play Fran k Vasquez stole pass tor Holy Cross and out Knights ahead. 58 57, with layup Orlando G arcia clinched it for MC bv hitting bath ends of a one and one 

Girls 

 r a h l i t 

Johnson St 54, Franklin P i ere 
44 
Middlebury 79. Bowdoin 76 
New H am p shire Col 81. Ne 
England Cot 68 
Keene St 9), Plym outh St 62 
Cent Conn 62 Bentley 76 
Bloomsburg 63, Cheyney 62 
Scranton 65. Ju n iata 59 
Tri State 68, Huntington 58 
Sac red Heart 98. I Conner ta 
8/ 
Rio Grande 88. Malone 72 
Messiah 94 Eastern 81 
Adelphi 74, K mg* point SS 

Ti IL S A A 

♦e Robert* 
■ Reyes 14, 
ST AN TH O N Y S BO Y S o33) — Roar ll, Mike Manchu 16. M ike E l ho 14, Eliot 
Henry Gonzales 14. Bryan Grot 14, G reg Mortmun 
I?. David Ellis IO. Cedric Hudson IO 

B L E S S E D S A C R A M E N T G IR L S (116) - 
Anna 
Gonzales 2o. Debbie Sitter 18, Xochitl G a rc ia 12. 
Debbie M aldonado IO. M a ry Ram os IO. Lyd ia 
Sanchez IO, C athy A rctm eg a IO, E d m u n d * 8, 
Goertz 6. A G arcia 6. F ole on 2. Cruz 2. C Ram os 
2 

B O E R N E S ST A L B E R T S M A LL (6) - 
Pue 2. 
Gerber 2. Santos 2. Gartan. Diets*, B ack er, De* screscen/o. Ortega, Frost. Diego 

Halftim e 
BSA 62. St Albert * Hall 4 

Highlights 
BSA edged St Albert s earlier this season, 1o3 2 
Gonzales, the leading scorer for 
BSA, celebrated her birthday at the gam e 
St 
Albert t celebrated oettmg out alive 
H aw aii golf M*ore»N 

 fcKjruch 
Mere I 
Aqu*m n ! 
N V 
I 
72 We 

 ll catenary ti 
I, South Dakota v reighton 9o 
South Dakota 
St 77 
Nichols 76, Norwich 71 
Morgan St 112 North Caroline 
A i t 73 
Potsdam St SO Clarkson 67 
Austin Petty 92 M orehead ti 
Radford 79. M ary Wash- gtu- 

(.«, ii lr al t awa 76 Da> at 62 ottawa, dan t i M issouri vat 

Jghn Carrot! 66, Th* 
Georgia Southern >', 
Alb any (G a I St I 
AAM l l 
Albion *5. Olivet 65 
Wesleyan 55. Alichel 
Washington Md ie 
Saginaw Valley §6. I 
Pena Textile 56. ( I t i 
Heidelberg 45. Kelly 
Otter bern 66 Winish 
H a m p d e n Sy d n e y 
Mennonite 73 
B n d g r water. Va Ti 
Meaty 64 st tv 
I 

HOI to ■ HO 
Tom Punier 
7569-71 - JI J 
/I av i i - 
Bit C a dee ii ii to--213 
7) til TO- 
Mark Lye 
6V Ii to­- H I 
76e7 tw­ -2)1 john Jackson ll ll ll - P l ee 74 rd -111 
Ran Carr gag 
Ii tots - JU 
Ii 6f rd-- in 
Jim Amus ll 7569 -71) l l /J*/--rn 
GV Morgan 
IO I* to­ 214 
J i CA 73 -• V I 
Morris Hanalyxy ll t o n . - JU 
7? 77 6k -ZU 
Gory Or ah 
7J i i ii*-7)4 
7665/2--212 
Am i tu p * 
7566 ll -2)4 l l ll HO­ 212 
Monty Kaser 
67 7672 
214 
TI-ti ev­ - JU 
Sam Far law 
IOU H - JU il 7*2 et-- IU 
John Seme* 
I i t o i l -215 et ti l i ­- IU 
Curtis Sidon) 
/Bey ie -H i nt l l l l -JU 
Cri anam Marsh ll 72 7J - JU 
TBH ll - P l 
Mwe S«pku 
I t TU ti -216 
7)4i ll* - JIJ 
Pete Brawn l l ll 72 
116 
’ISP I t ­ 
1 
Bobby Warp rr* t i l I 7J -2*6 l l et IO 
P l 
.Jerry McGee i t 73 74 
716 
I t el l i ­ Ii I 
B arry Joy* set 
, ll 71 II 
JU ft) n i t 
JU 
We* Wader * ll ti 7j - IU 
It *8)7) - Iii 
Waxy Armstrong 
)||M 5 -J U ti to ti ■ p i 
Haw lr WW 
11 fg 7) 
IU ll ti to -IU 
M w * Motey ll 7J 74 
HI 

Strikes ?n Spares 

B y H a r r y P a g e 
BIG LEAGUER 

Holland is just doing his job 

Most of the bowlers feel that San Antonio Bowling Association secretary Red Holland is doing the job supposed he is to do. 
Holland has been under fire from several local proprietors for rejections of some high scores. . 
The com plaint of the bowler is with the American Bowling 
Congress in general. 
'The man has a job to do and he’s doing it,” says Richard 
Batista. “ It s a tough job and he's doing the best he can at it. 

“ Ut* should not have to bt* subject to the harassment of the proprietors be­ cause he is following the guidelines that ABC' set for him. It’s not him, it’s 
ABC. Also, Holland follow's the rules by 
I he book and that might not set too well with some people in tow n. 
“ A nyw ay,’ 
B atista noted, “ how many of our local bow lers — and we have many — w ith those 2oo-plus averages do well in the ABC meets and other meets out of town? Not too many. 
I hat should tell you something.” 
“ Red is doing the job ABC wants.” admitted Curt E lliott, who had his firs t 8oo series rejected. “ ABC has been getting down on everybody. 
“ We have just got to go out and bow l 
— it s not easy. It’s really bad to take it out im the bowlers. The lanes are sup­ posed to be sanctioned. Why take it out on the bowlers? 
“ The only remedy to the situation is proprietors should make sure th e ir mechanics know what they are doing on the lanes, and don’t put blocks out there like they use to.” E lliott noted. 
“ The guys that run the lanes have to be careful. The lanes should dressed ac­ cording to ABC specifications.” 
“ He is being fair and I’m not down on h im .” said Pat Dickey, who re­ cently had his 3o9 game rejected. “ I didn’t have any control over the lane conditions. 
“ The only thing that bothers me is that I bowled in an ABC sanctioned tourney and an ABC sanctioned house, but my score was rejected. Ifs hard to take when you work so hard for so­ mething. then it’s thrown back in your face. 
“ Holland is sort of like ‘God’ over the bowlers,” Dickey noted. “ W hat­ ever he says is usually final and no one can question his decisions. I don’t know the man and I really don’t know the experience he has. The one thing I do know is that the bowlers shouldn’t suffer. ABC just doesn’t want to spend any money on the bowlers anymore.” 
“ Holland is the type of person who is not going to let something pass that shouldn’t,” said Danny Errico, whose 
3oo game, along w ith 299 by 
Stun 
Schoenleld are th e 'only games Hol­ land has sanctioned. “ Ile hasn t backed down under pressure, and he is still holding his ground. 
“ You know, one of these days, so­ meone is going to sue the house for a 
3oo game that is not sanctioned. Ifs not the secretary’s fault, he’s just do­ ing what he is supposed to." 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 6 1977 
H 

B y H o b H a l o J 

Around the lanes 

Errico captured the Paradise Flower sponsored ATA tournament last wee­ kend at Thunder Bowl. He has won over $899 in the last month. Errico also won the SEC’BA/SCBA meet at Sports 
Palace and finished fifth in a tourna­ ment in Rosenberg. 
The AVT 189-and-L’nder tourna­ ment w ill be held Saturday and Sunday at Wonder Bowl. Qualifying squads are 
3, 5 and 7 p.m. Saturday, and the finals start at 2 p.m. Sunday. Entry fee is $25. 

Joe Vito Buenrostro and 
Fred 
Cockrell of H arker H eights w ill represent Texas rn the Western sec­ tional of the 
Bowling Spectacular ‘77 in Denver, Colo., Feb. 29-27. They w ill 

I m * joining representatives of 24 others at Denver trying to advance to the na­ tional finals at Wonder Bowl in May. 
The top eight scorers in both men’s and women’s competition w ill qualify for the finals. 
This Sunday at 9 a m., a "G et Ac­ quainted Party” for the women who’ll bo riding buses to the state tournament on May 29, w ill feature a battle of the sexes at Oak H ills. >l>rt D eftly is 

Last week’s results 

A T A ST A N D IN O 
I, D a nny E rrttro , 224 a v e ra g e to r 
*o a c m e s, 
$ioo; 2, C u rt E llio tt, 218. $1/o; J. M o n o Vaiden, 
215. i l l s . 4. John A lva ra d o , 314. $13o, S 
M a rry 
F letch er, 3o6, SHV, 6, M a rk W aid rep TOI, SHO 
I, 
Hoe fre e b o o t 
3o3. $1o$. 8 
B ria n F ta n n e r. ivy, 
VIOO. 9, J e rry Moon, 192, $9$; 
IO, C h a rlie Stole 
191, $9o P a id thro ugh 19 places. 

L A N E N O T E S 
A L L S T A B 
B ill Keyser Sr 
644 
J e rry Dudes 
634, John W ilttto rn 62o. B o y G ra n t 618, 
Jam es 
Cannon 6oo 
Thelm a M a rtin SAP Ann M a rtin $6/, 
Soon ta Lap e l i i i , G ayle M anna $6o, d o r a G rim e s 
644 

ASTRO 
L a rry M rerdolla 625, N a ncy A w e SSS, 
G lo ria R o llin s $ $ i 
B a rb a ra M e rk e l $4o, P a l 
T orvin SJH Wander C htpm an SJI, L a u ra Sands $28, 
B a rb a ra S chuim eier STO, Lee E ch ols SU, D o ro th y 
Sm ith $o4 
B O W L E R A M A 
Jett D ie s e l 219 lit, B u tch M ile 
7/4 624 M ott E spat O la 626 

G O LIA D 
W m tord Webb 68? R a ym o n d K e yser 
6SV to m O Connor 64J, B ill K eyser Sr 63V J im m y 
Nelson 614, G alion C ©mbs Jr 612. D o ttle C la rk e ll, 
B o n n i e H a e tk t r 6o2 
V ic k i N e ls o n $91 
R u b y 
Gaim do see 
Ruth Altar a $64, L y n d a W ilkes $$9 
I I i w om en over SJO series I 

H E R M A N N SO N S 
L a rry W ilkin so n 6>S Nando 
G alon 6JI, D ick M orn 6$4 
Steve K a m m e r 6Ul sieve Hi ju t >98 
M a ry C 
D avis $69 
E d na Rose 
Reed $44 
M ar oarer Stelonic 
$91 
M ild re d Stall# 
>44. Don Reminder $89 

 u i tc HE LL 
G ayle G oodw yh >6o 
W um a G ra y 
>*) WHOSO k irk >ey $$4 June C h urch $49 C o rin n e 
R unnels ’ Mi 
John L e n in 64* 
N ic k 
B o u n 64 4 
Robert S o m be r 626 John D A n d re a 623 A ly E nay ti I | I i men over MO s*r ies I 

O A K M IL L S 
Bn* Baker 6$e 
Dick Pence 6$2 
I a r r v rno»n 64/ 
D ave k o m m » # r 648, Corfcey sm ith 648 M a ry Ar - .md 61/ L u d o Fox l i t , M a rie 
Oe.im oo ti! 
Jody W r,«ht 674. S h irle y M a n sfie ld lu , eaMiy A lf vt tA J B O 6oo 
H * m en over 6oo ia T **, ll women oyer SJO series! 
N o m s A rm stead IA JUS I $84 
SAM P E D R O 
Eton*, a L a m * WW 
B o a s Rn. 

IM HIS LAST YEAR 
BASEBALL 
COACH AT 
J O U M B R O W N U . IN 
AR K A N S A S 
W ALLY ENDED 
Hie? T O 
CAREER A F T E R "THE vfe5 B E A S O M 
W IT H 
LIFETIME 
BATTI M G AMS. O F 
HUS, 142 tv 
HO/WE RS 
661 P&lSyf 

HAYED YI- YEARt? 
O F M AJO R LEAGUE b a s e b a l l w tth THE 

S T. L O U IS CAH O S 
H* 
U A . C O O S E R S 

D arr’sdad has best seat in house 

PAT DICKEY 
...score rejected 

 scheduled to meet Jerry Moon while 
Spur coach Doug Moe faces an unan­ nounced female competitor in the fea­ tured matches. 
In other matches. 
John Monfrey battles Frank Lombardino and Al­ bert Bustamante meets Gary I)e- l.aune 
Also, TWBA secretary 
I.ii 
Poole w ill Im* presented with an hon­ orary mayor’s certificate. 
“ We want to show that San Antonio is an all-sports town,” said 
Beverly 
Ilinsey, who spearheaded the event. 
Aurelio Kaolin*/ picked up the “ im ­ possible” 7-19 split at San Pedro last 
Wednesday. “ I couldn’t believe it,” 
Kamirez said. “ I hit the IO head on and it bounced off the back, came on the floor, and knocked off the seven.” 
Gene Lefter rolled a 299 game at 
Wonder Bowl .... 
Earl .Anthony was nanu*d the Bowler of the Year for the third straight year .... Patty Costello was picked the women’s Bowler of the 
Year by the Bowling W riters Associa- ton of America .... Nando Galan had a 
259 game at Herrman Sons .... 
Bill 
Keyser Sr. had a 255 at G oliad 
Jeff 
Diet/el rolled a 279 game and a 732 series for 179 pins over his average and his first seven, while Butch Bile had a 
274 ut Bowlerama... Mike Brooks, a bantam bowler, had an 84 triplicate, 
Susan Kayborn shot 159 pins over her average with a 519 seriea, Ray Cesta had a 172 trip lic a te , and Joe Vito- 
Buenrostro had a 25H at Sports Palace 
.... Kau! Sanchez had a 249 at South­ side, and Shirley Sheets had a 234 at 
Southside __ 
Marbeth Jenkins bowlers her firs t 8oo (oo2), De De 
Moore had a 178 all spare game, John 
Anderson rolled a 255. Carol Breland had her first 2oo (223), and Jody 
Wright had a 252 game at Oak Hills .... 
John Leigh rolled 114 pins over his average with a 278 game at M itchell ... 
Al Kiter had a 199 all spare game, while Betty Jo Moiler who has an 89 average, had a 184 game at Thunder 
Bowl. 
And fin a lly , 
Jim m ie Rivera is holding a Valentine Doubles Event Sa­ turday and Sunday at Mitchell. Quali­ fying times are I and 3:39 p.m. Satur­ day with the finals starting at 2 39 p.m. 
Sunday. Call 434-2323 fur further infor­ mation 

Continued from Page IS 

 what he wanted me to do out there. 
“ What helped me out a lot was my fam ily, the school, the coaches, the football team, and the community as a whole. The people were good to us and helped us out a lot. I think if I hadn t been a Christian, it would have been harder to accept.” 
Darr started off the season slow, but so did the* Chargers 
“ I’m not the only one who started off slow, the whole team started off slow in general,” Darr said. “ We started coming together before district. 
“ We didn’t have any individual stars — there was a different person helping us to win in each game. The* defense startl'd playing together and (he offensive line and the backs were blocking. We put it all together when it counted 
You’re only as good as your teammates, and my teammates really helped me out. 
“ My dad was looking forward for the season, like any other father.” Darr said “ I was thankful that he got ti! sci* me play last year. I made first-team all-district offense last year He got to see me play in a lot of football games 
“ He got me in YMCA football when I was eight years old, and I ve been playing ever since,” Darr continued. “ We use to talk a lot about football. He 

 knew when I had a good or had game. just from my actions and conversations wlieti I came home. We talked together for eight to IO years 
“ I knew what he wanted be to do on the field this season and what would have pleased him. If I didn’t do it, my motlier (Mrs Ann Darr) would help me straighten things out. She would bilk lo me and ease my ills 
“ What it all amounts to is there’s never a good tim e,” said the member ol the Castle H ills F irst Baptist Church "Some people say it was had it happened iii my senior year, but I’m thankful I had him for i 7 years 
“ I learned a lot from my dad I may have lost the physical presence of him 
Gut never the spiritual feelings — that is something you can’t ever take away 
‘ Tin* preacher, iii general conversation alter the services, said that im dad had ‘The best seat iii the house’ for this season.” Darr noted “ Ile was right I knew where he was and I knew he was watching That made all the differ­ ence." 
“ The Durrs arc an extremely close fam ily and its a credit to the type ol home that they have to have David stay with football.” said Jerry Coma lander. Churchill's coach. “ It’s a credit to David lo have that desire lo go and do well The honors he has earned reflect the character the young man has." 
To paraphrase a Biblical verse. Kenneth looked down at his creation. David and it was good —By Harry Page 
Blue-chips head toward Rice 

 enotd $$9 D onna ta rte r $49. M a ry B ro o n $41, Lee 
//in te r $4o, C hil P h iltio o i 611, B ill Potty 6o/. G a ry 
M oore 6o4, 
R i c k B a tte rxo v 6o4. P ot D ic k e y 6o2 
(E ig h t m en 6oo or over ve rie st 
Tom P u n t)* N r. 
G luer** St I. M ike SiHerle (A JB C I $6/, K en F rid le y 
(A J B C ) $o6, 
Scott J e n kin s (B a n ta m ) 46$, L e e 
Surtees t B a n ta m ) 419. 

S O U T H S ID E 
Ray G ra n t 681, Roy M c G in n is 6/1, 
Gene Letter 669. Chuck G rin d e r 66$, Wes M e re s 6$1, 
Poy M illig a n 6o4 M y rt D e w ily 6o2 S h irle y M a n s field $92 L a u ra A eivaef $78 Rose W a ite rs $/$ 71 m en over 6oo series, 24 wom en o ve r $4o s e rie s ) 

S P O R T S P A L A C E 
Joe V tto B u e n ro s tro 686, 
M a rk W a id re p 646. T o m m ie E d w a rd s 646, B o a 
W mte 62/. Roy A lv a ra d o 62$ P a ula M oll VII, Joyce 
C am pbell $66. M a ry B a lli/ $$4, B e v e rly M ottow ich 
$$o. Lotte Roach $44 (N in e w om en over $4o se rie s, 
IO men over 6oo sec test. Jim B oyd (A J B O $ /$ /, T im 
P a cka rd (A J B C i $$4. 

T H U N D E R : 
Scott B o rn e o l (A J B C ) 6$$ 
M ik e 
P reen o u t (A J B C ) 64o, M otte t C o m p $ J$ , /e lu m a 
Codena $46. C a ro ly n M itie r $$9, E ls ie M o o re $91, 
Nancy G reer 6 P at H a lvo rso n $$4 Sonny Sr ttim ee k 
634 Don S h o ttin g 61o, P ool Lolls 61o. Bott W ade 6o$ 
K athy K irs* (A JB C ) $41 

T U R N E R 
D o ttle F ra n k $44, F ig G re e n # $$/, 
G ra te A w $76, S haron D r ie r rem o w ski $19, J u y n t 
Gonzales 499 P a t (G assing >44. R onnie R eeker $44 
M erm an B ic h o rd $28 

F O R T S A M N O T E S 
A i oho!' to select F o rt Sam Houston * top m e n ana w om en d e w ie r# is set to r M a r 
36 41 a t lite post 
B o w ling C enter, on S chofield in tl P a tch ro o d s Too fin a list# w ilt re p re s e n t a rt Sam in th# o n c o m in g 
U S A rm y F o rce s C o m m a n d (F O R S C O M ) m eet 
Perm anent p a rty a ctive duty m ate p e rso n n e l w ith a 
1/8 o r tttgher c u rre n t a ve ra g e ana p e rm a n e n t p a rty ternate w ith a 14$ c u rre n t a v e ra g e a re e lig ib le to par tic MMt# M ote p a rtic ip a n ts win b o w l a to ta l at 18 gam es and wom en w in bow l a total a1 12 g a m e s T he ta u t inert and tour w o m en w ith th# h ig h e s t to ta l p in ta il w ilt be selected as F o rt sam s b o w lin g team s 
The FO B S ! OM tourney is set tor A pr it I# 22 at F o rt 
O rd i a n t 
E n trie s m ay be m ade a i the b a w lin g ar by ca ttin g l l ) 4/48 

Continued from Page IS 

Ronnie N ipp er of C h u rc h ill in its grasp, while Howard Payne has the inside track on Jim Berlingeri of Ken­ nedy and Dwayne Holm es of Sam 
Houston. 
Tech bops 
Rice 

LUBBOCK (AP) -T exas Tech toyed with the Rice Owls Saturday to post an 
84-95 Southwest Conference basketball victory behind Grant Dukes’ 18 points to remain in third place. 
Ten of the l l Tech players scored, with four of them in double figures. 

R IC E (6S): V o lo 4 o-o 8. Thom as I 4 6 I / , Jackson 
I I i i . Lane I OO 2, D arden 9 2 4 3o, R ogers 6 ) 3 13, 
Sim m on# o OO o. F o rre st 1 o o 2, C u n n in g h a m o o o o . 
M itie r o O O o. T otais 39 7-13 6$ 
T E X A S T E C H (84) 
Dukes 8 2 3 18 E d w a rd s 6 I I 
14, Russell 8 l l I/. Huston $ 2 2 12, d u n n J I ) / , 
W illia m s I 2 3 4, K itch e n s J OO 6. P h e n ix o o o o. 
Sanders ) 12 4, R ichards I OO 2, R u dolp h I O O 2 
I Dials 47 IO 12 84 
H a lftim e — T e x a s T e c h it, R ic e 2o 
T o ta l touts—Rice YI, Texas Tech 16 A —4.S8I 
____________ 
Mahaffey honored 

SHOAL TO IH I { m i s s NfW S 
HOUSTON — K e rrv illc 's John Mahaffey was inducted into the University of Houston’s Hall of 
Honor Saturday along with four other former Cougar athlete's. 
The RGA golf pro, one of the leading money winners on the tour in recent years, was inducted in ceremonies along with footballers Paul ( arr and 
Flmo W right, basketballer Don Boldebuck and tennis player Jason Morton 
A & l boics, 47-41 

SPIC! Al TO TH* ((M U SS Mf SUS 
WACO — T a rlto n State pulled away from Texas 
A ld in the final four minutes of play to take a 47*41 victory in the consolation final of the Baylor Uni­ versity Invitational Women's basketball tournament 
Saturday morning. 
Bidistrict Kame set 

Devin#’* District 28-AA champions w ill play Hays 
Consolidated in a ^ d is tric t g irls ’ game at 8 p m 
Feb. 14 in the Texas Lutheran College Gym iii 
Seguin. 
Another g irls’ playoff game, the D istrict 13-AAA cham pionship tilt, w ill he decided Monday at a meeting (jctween zone winners New Braunfels Can­ yon and Fredericksburg. 
St. M a r y 's wins 

The St. Mary's women scored a 54-44 victory over 
Pan American Saturday at Alumni Gym file Rattler women now sport a 7-9 record 

E d elta L o o Hi. K u n w it* 6 

David Graham of Wheatley, M ark now 
Brothers of Edgewood, Mark I hie and 
G ravlin Eytcheson of C hurchill, M i­ chael Smith tit Sam Houston, Randy 
McKinney, A rthur Uhl and Iii ll Gib- 
Ixins of MacArthur, and Paul Palmer 

T e rry S alazar of M a rs h a ll, ll.J 
Salter and Ray Corbett til Clemens, and T e rry Raley of M cC ollum are w aiting w ith after baseball season 
Ken Cooper til’ Southwest is waiting 

 scholarship offers 
Paul Thornton of Holmes is planning tin attending Southwest Texas or go lo 
AAM as a w alk-on 
H olm es’ Dan 
S chreiber and Bobby S togsdill are undecided between SWT, A A I, and of Roosevelt are uncommitted as of until after track season for possible 
Howard Payne 
Crash 

DAYTONA BEACH. Fla (AP) - 
A splintering crash, involving the 
Inaltera prototype of Belgian wo­ men’s champion Christine Beckers, and another involving leader Jo- chen Mass, near the three-hour mark, shattered relative calm that had been settling over the running of the 24 Hours of Daytona endur­ ance race Saturday. 
The favored Porsche 935 turbo of 
Jacky Ickx of Belgium and Mass, a 
West German, had pulled out to a lead of more than one fu ll lap around the 3.84-mile Daytona Inter­ national Speedway road course as darkness crept over the scene. But the car swerved suddenly and plowed into the wall in the east banking. 
It was reported that 
M iss 
Beckers’ machine, which had been running as high as fifth, blew an engine in the highspeed hanking 

’Sugar Ray’ m akes pro debut successful 

BALTIMORE (AP) - 
Olympic champion Sugar 
Ray Leonard scored a unanimous victory over 
Luis “ The B ull” Vega, winning each of the six rounds iii a nationally televised ju n io r w elter­ weight bout Saturday. 
The v ic to ry fo r the charism atic Leonard iii his pro debut was a po­ pular one for the erowtl at the Civic* C entre, which by early estimates exceeded 9,999 and pro­ duced a gross gate of more than $59,99o leonard, who won 145 of 159 am ateur bouts, 

 scored im pressively iii 
Hie fourth round, ojiening a cut over the left eye of 
V ega The Puerto Rican now fig h tin g out tit 
Reading, Pa , held ins own after that lint was unable to land any heavy blows against the fast- stepping Leonard. 

Leonard, who had never lough! more than three rounds previously, appeared to try for a knockout in tilt* final 39 seconds Bul, Vega, who has never been knocked down in 29 pro fights, weathered the furious at tack. 
OPEN I I \!vi-:t AM 
Paris ti uhl, 
21tr> I l l i i n t e r ’ M (rc e e n 
(I HI *»J N I MiHint t tin ) .4 fit* I .Maut*1 f.’t >» **icI 
492-2994 
It) Slm iilet lli-xtililitl t.irlw-— l*«-«-l Heller tn -l 

I 
SPECIAL^ 
■W OOICO PURCHASE 

 if #>#* y o u r / M c o r t l r ♦ fo r# ' 

A w 
. * 
W W 

 u l ' -I 

TIRE SALE 
ON DOUBLE BELTED TIRES 
4 too JR. for SJD 
“ 
FOR 9o 
4 FOR 1o8 

ET M A R V I ( M I Mini 
B ' tn n a n >. O ' a* 4 Maut 
F A N A M E R IC A N (64) 
C>«d* T rev In a ii- D o n e 
( u4xj i. Bolti Bona* toe 
$1 Moly s 

Mage 11 a* an 2, NVC 

• to r re a i 4 (to i American ll 

FOR 

FRICKS GOOD 
NO W THRU 
WKDNCSDAY 4 rn’128 

W H 
F B T 
D / I 14 
>7 12 tit 14 
2 2 / 
F ? i 14 
2 4 3 

 t t / 8 9 (A C H 

H it 
F t I 
G T I 14 
82 6o ort IJ 
2 8$ 

8 2 * 9 8 I ACH 

SI H 
F i r mn ti sa ai 
HTE I % t il 
2 o3 t / « IS * J 14 

ALL SIZES B IU S M T. 
SA CH A OLO T IBI 

SPECIAL BUY O N FIBERGLASS 
BELTED POLYESTER CORD TIRES 

IO O O A S ED 
| ve al vet st 
I 
*82 (AM 
I t i t * t rn 
I 
1FIE*W »(«N g camaieu 
I 
* * « « m u iu in 
( 
ISA 1o*8 
' 
644*681 
I 
984 81*6 I 
926 1661 
I 
*94 6661 

SH O # W O O * L O * 9 o A tt TO I M I P M M O M O A * (MOU W M ORO AV 

U 66 IM 11 O' 

H * San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 6 1977 
A&I, 
SWT lose 

SPtCIAt TO the tXPRtSfj Ntws 
Stephen F. Austin shot down 
Southwest Texas and Sam 
Houston gunned down Texas 
A&I in a pair of Lone Star 
Conference East Zone thrillers 
Saturday night. 

SFA clipped (8*4) clipped the Bob­ cats (4-6), 77-73. in San Marcos to remain atop the zone standings, while in Kingsville Sam Houston (4-8) shad­ ed A&I (3-7), 7o-88, on a jumper with live seconds left by Mike Thompson. 
Stephen PT Austin held a 1o-point lead in the second half but saw it evaporate when Steve Froniz complet­ ed an SWT rally with two free throws to knot the score at 67 87. 
A .jumper by Sandy Ballard with 3:19 to play put the Lumberjacks ahead for good, 71-69 
Frontz had 3o points for the Bobcats, who hit 61 6 per cent ol their field goal tries, and hit 14 of 16 from th*1 field. 
SFA hit 56 per cent from the field 
Sam Houston led most of the way against A&I. but the .Tavelinas drew even at 68-68 on a jumper by David 
Williams with I 17 to play. The Bear- kats then played for one shot and 
Thompson, who had 23 points, hit it. 
Monday night in the zone. Sam 
Houston will be at SWT and SFA at 
A&l 

SO U T H W EST T E X A S (T I) 
S W C I rent? I i ? 
3o. Brian Braden 7 I 2 IS. int* Frnk n S O O IO. 
Nelson I 3 4 7. McOorujld 2 OO 4. Trilli 1 o 12, 
Wisdom o oo o Sehrriitf o o o o. B a rk e r o 1 2 1 
Totals 
13 7 12 73 

S T E P H E N F 
A U ST IN (77) 
Ken Beasley 8 O' 
16. Mike Dukes 6 I 3 13. W ilbert M arshall 3 2 4 12. 
Sandy Bullard 5 o 1 IO. Hunties J ? ? R. Sprights I 
o o 6, Close ? OO 4 Howdie 2 o o 4, P a rk s 1o o 2, 
Brown 1 o o 2 Hasten o OO o 
Totals 
36 5 IO 77 
Halftime 
SFA 
7, SWT 35 Total Fouls 
S F A 14. 
SWT ll 
Fouled Oui none 

T EX A S AAI (68) 
Norrell J 3 5 9, G laser I 2 2 41 
Anthony Garner 4 3 4 ll, David W illiam s ? 36 17, t.oDfz o o o o. kosoar o OO o. M oas o o o o. Kevin f lyon 63 3 15. Donnv Elliott 5 2 3 12 Totols 
26 16 23 
68 
SA M H O U STO N (7o) 
Bro m le tt I o o 2 M il- 
Davis 5 2 2 '2. Simpson IO O ? . Greenfield 2 o o 4 
Helium 4 o o 8. F roer ht< nicht 4 o o 8, Smith 1 o o 8, I 
1 I 31 Mike Thompson 11 I 2 23. Totals 
33 4 7 7o 
H alftim e 
Sam 43, A A I 4o 
Total F o o ls 
Sam 
Houston 
26, 
AAI 
18. 
Fouled 
Out. 
Greenfield. 
F roerhtemcht 
Pan Ani wins 

EDINBURG (AI*)—Billy Bolts and 
Michael Edwards combined tor 17 points and John Wilbanks collected 21 assists to carry Pan American Uni­ versity to an 89-72 basketball victory' over Houston Baptist. 
Wilbanks, a 6-foot guard from At­ lanta, came within one of the Pan Am school assist record. Bolts scored 24 points and Edwards 23 
Pan Am is now 14-5 and Houston 
Baptist dropt ted to 516 
Thomas Norwood led the losers with 
23 points and IP rebounds. 

Tigers win 

M EAD OW LARK LEM O N , center, throws barbs at a member of the 
New Jersey Reds during Saturday night s game at the Arena. Another packed house watched the world-famous Trotters perform their second and last show here. — Photo by H.M. Dean, Jr. 
Texas shades 
Bears 

WACO (A P) — Rich Parson hit a basket with two seconds remaining to break a tie iii the second overtime and 
Texas went on to a 75-72 Southwest 
Conference victory over Baylor Satur­ day night. 
Baylor tru'd to call time out after 
Parson s basket that broke a 72-all tie but it had already used its alloted timeouts Jim Krivacs hit a technical foul to give the Longhorns their final margin. 
Texas trailed 62-57 with loss than two minutes remaining in regulation time. but John Moore hit a basket, stole the inbounds pass and tossed to Hank 
Bauerschlag, who scored to cut Bay­ lor’s lead to 62-61. 
Arthur Edwards then scored for 
Baylor, but Moore’s three-point play tied the game 64-64 at the end ol regulation. 

T E X A S (75) 
Bax ter 5 4 7 14 Dotson o o o o 
Parson I 4 5 to Moor. 9 } I 2o, krivacs. 6 l l 13. 
NICHOIS 2 OO 4, Bauersrhiaa 3 2 2 8, Conks 2 2 2 6 
Totals $3 IS 2o 
B A Y LO R (71) 
Edward-, s 4 4 14, Potion 1 o o 2. 

SMU romps, 116-84 

DALLAS (A P) —Southern Methodist shalt*'riel a 2o yearold school scoring record Saturday night with a 116-84 
Southwest Conference basketball mas­ sacre of hapless Texas Christian be­ hind Jeff Swanson and Pete Lodvvick. 

The victory upped SM U’s league record to 6-5 and its overall mark to 
7-13 TCC remained winless in ll SWC games and is 3-16 for the vear. 

 smu's previous school scoring record 

 was 113 points set against McMurry in 
1957. 
SMU lumped to an early 32-5 lead and held a 63-3o halftime lead over the 
Horned Frogs, who were cheered by the SMU crowd when it made a basket after a long scoring drought in the first half. 
SMU hit 8 of its first 12 points and shot 61 per cent in the first half. 
Daryl Braden led TCU wiith 13 points. 

Swanson scored 18 points and Lod­ vvick had 17 for the Mustangs who played everybody on the bench. 

TOU (84): M cDowell 2 o-o 4, M arion 4 4-4 12, Hill o 
o-o o, B o y ts J 2 28, Mc Fodder! 3 13 7, Braden 6 I 2 13, 
Hoyt 2 3 4 7, Crowe I 3-3 5, Wvsong 3 O O 6. Ashley I 
6-6 8. Home 5 2 2 12, Gossett I O O 2. Totals 31 22 26 
SM U (116): Robinson 3 117, Swedlund 6 4-6 16, 
Swanson 6 6^6 18, Hole 2 5 5 9. Lodw lck 6 5 5 1 7. 
H a rris 4 3 5 l l , A rnold 5 o o IO. D a v is 3 3 4 9, 
Som erville I >4 5. Scheibel I 5 8 7, Ceravolo 2 115. 
Henderson o OO o. Streed I o 2 2. Totols 4o 36 47 
Halftim e—SM U 63, TOU 3o Total fouls—TCU 33, 
SM U 23 Technical fouls—Brad e n , D avis. Fouled out—McDowell. Bovts. A S,247. 

■.pi. ll 
M cGuire 2 o-o 
Totols 33 6 1 2 
Hoiftmu 
Boyle 
IS , S a v io r 
18. 
T echntr al — Bovlor 

Rooow .ki 5 fro IO, Olivei 
Callahan I OO 2. Corosif 
7 o o 14 

38. Texo outed ( 
Coach Hi 

Total (outs 
- Spicer . 

Smith's Man of the Month Knicks fall to Rockets 

JOHN STACEY 
Pot helpinq him achieve this sales honor, John thanks his many friends and customers. 
Congratulations, John on your sales efforts this past month, 

 ii 

1221 BROADWAY 

HOUSTON (A P) - Ed 
Rat It bf sank a Inn* throw with four seconds left and 
Moses Malone stole an inbound puss with just two seconds remaining 
Saturday night as the 
Houston Rockets nipped the New 5 ork Knicks, 
1o5-1o3. iii a National 
Basketball Association game . 
Mike Newliti hit a pair of tree throws with IO seconds left to push 
Houston ahead 1o4-1o1, 
Dennis 
Layton came back for the Knicks to hit a jump shot four seconds later to bring New York lo within one poem) 
Rat left then connected on one of two free throws to give the Rockets their sixth victory in their se­ ven home games 
New York connected on 

16 of their iirst 2o field goal attempts to take a 
33-23 at the end of the first quarter. 
Trailng 51-43 midway through the second per­ iod tho Rockets reeled oft eight consecutive points to tie the score 
51-51. 

N E W Y O R K K N IC K S O O I): 
Mc Millen 6o o 12, M c M illa n 9 OO 
18. Mr Adon IO 3 4 23. LovTon IO 
OO 2o Btw rd 2 o o 4. Brodlev I 
o I 2 Burrton 3 OO 6. F ra ile r J 
2 2 6, Shelton J 2-3 6. Jockvon 2 
oo 4, Shelton I OO 2 
Totals 48 
7 IO 

HOUSTO N (1o5)' Jones 8 OO 
IO, 
T a m la n o v lc h l l 
6-6 28. 
Mo tone 2 3 4 7. Lucas I 2-2 4. 
Murphy S O I lh, Johnson o o-o o, 
Kenova* J o I 6 New'm 5 4 4 14, 
Owens 1 2 2 4 
Rotted 4 l l IO 
Tola.s 41 19 24 

New York 
33 26 21 23— 163 
Houston 
23 34 24 24— 1o5 

T otal (© U K — N ew Y or* 
24, 
Houston 19, Fouled oui—M cAdon 
Technical tout— 
Jones 
A — ll J U 

1 la irks si ip 
Inisi B ulls 

ATLANTA(A P) - Len 
Robinson and 
Ken 
Charles combined for 42 points Saturday night and led the Atlanta 
Hawks to a 99-96 National 
Basketball A ssocial ion victory over the Chicago 
Bulls. 

C H IC A G O (44) 

Id 9 2 

Johnson 8 1-1 
Gilm ore IO 5-7 25. 
Von Lier SOO IO 
Mendel! J 6-o 6 
I 4, M arin o o-o o. 

Borg upset 

NORTH L IT T L E ROCK 
(AP) — Third-seeded Sandy 
Mayer upset top-seeded Bjorn 
Boris, 6-4, 1-6, 6-4, Saturday night to advance to the finals of the 
Arkansas tennis tournament. 

Mayer, ‘24 a three-time All- 
American at Stanford, broke Burg’s serve in the ninth game to take the first set Mayer held serve in the first game of the second set, but then Borg rallied to take the set. 
Mayer w ill meet defending champion Bunion Rahim of Pakis­ tan in the finals Sunday. Rahim beat Nick Saviano of Los Altos Hills, 
Calif,, 7-6, 6-7, 6-4 in the other semifinal. 
Poorly 
“ I played very poorly in the se­ cond set,” Mayer said “ My first serve just went way off and the breaks went his way. 
Mayer jumjied to a 5-2 lead in the third set, but Borg saved two match points and took the eighth game. 
Borg held service to make it 5-4 
Mayer missed two more match points, but on the fifth match point, 
Mayer volleyed a winner away from 
Borg tor the match 
Mayer said he had a game plan going into the match but “ I don’t terribly want to go into it.” 
Prayers 
Mayer noted that “ through a lot ot prayers and taith" he was able to come through and beat a player of 
Burg s caliber. 
" I ’ve had this problem of not be­ ing able to beat higher ranked players even though I might outplay them,” Mayer said. " I ’ve asked the 
Lord to help me with this problem. 
He helped me out. Tonight, I didn t mess it up ” 
Ka hi rn was bothered by a sore ankle in bis match with the un­ seeded Savtano. 

Eagles soar past Cards 

DENTON (AP) — Charles McMillan came off the bench to score 
23 points to go with 23 by starter Mel Davis and enable North Texas to hold off the Southland Conference Lamar Cardinals 99-9o 
Saturday niL'ht. 

Senior guard Kenneth Minkins, who has been averaging 7.5 points, zipped in 34 to fuel Lamar. 
With the score tied 84-84 with four minutes left. North Texas scored eight straight points on shots by Danny 
Kasper, Ken Williams, Weasel John­ son and Davis to put the Mean Green ahead for good 
Lamar had led through most of the first half until North Texas came back to take a 42-41 lead at the half. The 
Mean Green led by as many as ll in the second half before Minkins and d u r­ ance Kea shot the Cards back into the tie with four minutes left. 
Fred Mitchell had 14, Williams 12 and Kasper ll for North Texas. 
Kea had 16. Jim Nowicki 14 and 
Homer Taylor IO for Lamar. 
North Texas is now 16-3. Lamar is 
8-13 

LA M A R (9o) 
Now if kl J OO 14 
K e n 8 J4 19. 
Taylor 5 OO IO, Minion*, 14 7 9 35, B lu f o r d 3 o o 6, 
Glover 3 O O 6. Cham bers o o-o o. Lew is o o-o o. 
Totals IO IO U 9o 
NO RTH T E X A S (44): W illiam s 5 2 5 12, M itchell 

7 I 2 15, D avis IO J 4 23, Kosoar 3 4-5 ll, Johnson 
4 l l 9 Lister 2 o-o 4, M cM illa n IO 5-4 23, M iles o 
I J I, ins oak o 2 2 2. Totals 41 1725 99 

H alftim e--N orth T exas 42. L a m a r 41, Total fo u ls — L a m a r 
23. N o rth 
T e x a s 
19 
F o u le d out -Bioetord. Johnson. Technical—Kea. Lam ar. 
A —5.4oo 

I TA prevails 

ARLINGTON (A P) — Greg Stuckey, 
Runny Newton and Larry Kemp hit critical free throws in the final I minute 32 seconds Saturday night to lead I'T-Arlington to its second vic­ tory, 9o-87, over Hardin-Simmons. 
Paul Renfro paced UTA with 23 points and Newton added 21. 
Stuckey, the nation’s ninth-leading free throw shooter, atoned for two first-half misses with four straight fr(*e throws. Newton canned two with 23 seconds left and Larry Kemp hit a pair in the final o9 to sack up the victory. 
The success stopped a sixgame Mav losing streak arid improved their over-all mark to 2-17 heading into 
Monday night’s Southland Conference showdown with Lamar. 

WTS stops 
Drake 

Tigers prevail 

A TLA N T A (44) 
Drew 5 OO IO. lob.nson IO 2 3 22- Mertweatnur 4 
2 IO, Chorion 6 8 IO 2o. Hill 5 3 4, 
J, W.itoognov o (3o o. Tarry 2 o o 
Howes 4 1 2 IO. Brown 4 2-2 IO 

O ko o o 
24 16 24 23—46 
Olanta 
2) 24 27 25-44 
Fouled out—Mer iweafner Toto! o u i*— C hn a a a 2o, A tla n ta 24 ecn n ifo is — Von L ie r, Chicano oath Badger A-7,528 

Ollie Mack’s 37 points bellied San 
Jacinto defeat the St. Philip's Tigers, 
1o4-93, Saturday night at St. Philip's 
Gym. 

San Jar (1o-o, 2o-5) led by as many as 18 points in the first half and, increased that early in the second half. 

St. Philip’s (4-6, 8-12) for within seven, 
96-89, late in the game 

SAN JA C IN T O oo4) — 
Ollie Mock 37, Alton 

L liter 16, Ken Lotion 16, Art Our R o vi 13, B rad 
Car neuron ll, Win,urn* 7, H arm . 4, G ooier 

ST P H IL IP S (43) — Robert M ot aa le i J I , W yatt 

McVeo 2o, W illiam Robinson 16, C alvin Cunnings-, am ll, M cC aikil! I. Johnson 7, Gordon 6, E lk to n 2, 
Young 2. Wolford, Gon/ate* 
Halftime 
San Joe 55, St Philip * 44 

.AMARILLO (A P) — Eugene Smith scored 26 points, including 12 of 16 from the field, to pace West Texas to a 
9o-87 Missouri Valley Conference bas­ ketball victory over Drake Saturday night. 
The victory was West Texas’ fifth in seven MVC games and keeps the Buf­ faloes in first place in the league. They are 12-9 overall. 
The Buffaloes had a 14-point lead with six minutes left in the game but a glaring deficiency at the foul line enabled Drake to pull to within three at the end. West Texas missed the first shot on live one-and-one situations in the closing minutes. 
West Texas has broken open a close game late in the tirst half when the 
Buffs outscored Drake 17-4 in a five- minute span. 
Drake, now 6-14 overall and 2-5 in 
Valley play, was led by Ken Harris w ith 25 poults, Terry Btnka with 24 and 
Napoleon Gaither with 21. 
Smith was followed by Bruce Taylor and Reed Addison with 14 points apiece for West Texas. 

D R A K E (87): Kreklow 3 12 7. M orris l l 3-6 25, 
Kern I OO 2, Bunko 9 6-6 74, G a liner 8 S S 21, 
Nelson 2 <3o 4, M ay 2 o o 4, Eau o oo o. Totals 36 
IS 19 
W E S T T E X A S (4o): Sc breck 2 J-3 7, Sm ith I? 24 
26. Taylor 7 o t 14 Cheek-, 7 7 IO ll, M Jones 4 4 4 
17. Addison 6 2-4 14, B 
Jones J OO 6 
Totals 36 
18-3o 
H a lftim e — W est T ex as J8. D ra k e 34 
T o ta l 

 foul.. —D r a k e 
23, 
W e s t 
T e x a s 
2o 
F o u le d 

 out—Kreklow. M ov. M. Jones. Techn ical—Smith. 
A-4.o22 

UTER bows 

FA, PASO (A P) -The Colorado State 
Rams whipped Texas at El Paso 51-46 
Saturday night in Western Athletic 
Conference basketball behind Fred 
An/ures’ outside marksmanship. 
CSU held a small lead through most of the game but Anzures punctured the tough Miner defense with 14 points, mostly on long 2o-25 footers. 
Jake Poole of UTER was high for the 
Miners with 15 points 
CSU is now 3*4 in WAC competition and 9-8 overall while U T EP is 3-4 and 
11-8 for the year. 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OF THt EXP4ESS-NFWS STAFF 

Like a sprinter in the starting blocks, the Trinity Tigers used quick starts at the beginning of both halves to outdistance Le- 
Tourneau, 74-64, Saturday night at Sams Center. 

The Victory was the Tigers’ fourth in 
17 games. 
In the owning 4:4o of the game, Erie 
Johnson canned three buckets to spark the Tigers to a 12-2 lead. 
But the visiting Yellow jackets, be­ hind the shooting of Bonnie White, stayed in the game and narrowed TU ’s margin to three by intermission. 
Surge 
Trinity came out in the second half with another surge and increased its lead to seven points. 36-29, courtesy of two bombs launched by Mark Recko and Danny Murphy. And this time. 
LeTourneau never recovered. 
LeTourneau s White, who led all scorers in the game with 28 points, showed he was not bashful about put­ ting the ball up right away as he hit a 
12-footer with only eight seconds gone off the clock. 
Then the Yellow jacket forward pro­ ceeded to score LeTourneau’s first 12 points, shrinking Trinity’s early lead to four at 16-12 with a 1o-footer with 
8:56 left in the half. 
Cold 
The Tigers then went cold and could score only three points in the next three minutes. Meanwhile W hite’s teammates had begun to get in on the act. 
Rick Noel completed a three-point play to put LeTourneau in front, 21-29, after being fouled on a shot by Trini­ ty’s Jeff Spillane with 5:IO remaining in the opening segment of the game. 
The T A II’s leading scorer and rc- bounder Danny Ivey, who led the 
Tigers with 2o points and nine re­ bounds, countered with a short jumper to tie the game. 
The game stayed nip and tuck until 
Trinity’s Gerardo Marquez stole the ball from the Yellowjackets and passed the ball to Danny Murphy for a short jumper to put the Tigers ahead by, 3o-27 with 2:o8 left in the half. 
The Yellowjackets. who had lived by 
White’s jump shot rn the first half, died by the same before the contest was over. 
- ’ 
White, who handled the ball nearly all the time in LeTourneau’s offensive scheme, could not find the hoop often enough in the second half. 
Main gun 
The Yellowjackets’ main gun hit on­ ly 13 of 41 attempts for the game and contributed heavily to LeTourneau’s poor field goal percentage (32). 
The Tigers did not burn the nets from the field either, as they could manage only 4o per cent for the game. 
But TU guard D arrell W illiam s made a big difference in second half play. 
Williams, who came off the bench and hit 14 points, continuosly pene­ trated the Yellow jacket defense, drawing fouls and opening the lane up for shots from his teammates. He hit 
IO of 13 from the charity line. 
Things really opened up for the 
Tigers in the final IO minutes of the game. 
Big lead 
With 4 o4 remaining the Tigers en­ joyed their biggest lead at 69-52. 
Trinity had one other player in dou­ ble figures as Johnsen recorded 12 points. 
LeTourneau’s Kane Elie tossed in 21 points for the Jackets. 
The Yellow jackets’ record fell to 3-18 with the defeat. 

DiSTRlBUTORSHI 

W H I NOT INTfRFKRi WITH PRESENT EMPLOY MENT 
NO SC LUNG RCQUIRf O 

W a ara selecting distributor* for patented exclusive, foxf 

•tnt ar aa anti wnoundmg coontie* 
:uod in newspaper*. TV, maya4,ne*. moving product* rn 
Theta product* pub! 
•k 

I -rarify five year old compony place* oroduct* in grocery, 
Esp a ideo id. drug Hora* w pe. m arket* gift *Soot, ate 
Diitnbutor wall service (Bate retail outlets m onthly, ra- quiong approxim ately 2o Hour* *pore time per month 
CPA report* J VV CX) m d up p o w bt* profit per day. figure me income you den re per month foe), location re quae* 11 54 OO mvetdment You m ay hove 24. 36 or 48 tex ot ion* Compony w curet location* am ) toitoi!* product* for you. 

1oo% buy bock - oat* aet phr* ■ox benefit*. 
The* i* a ton,] tide offer and if you ere not nm ere about owning your own butine**, or do net moat the above ftnoru.<af requirement*, let * not w att* each other * time 
TO* PSR SOHA I COMHOftNTIAl INTER VIEW C A U 

JIM PHILPS 
(419) 799-4141 

M u t in g * # a e t lie n o e e o it u w t r , 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Allanite O 'viwen 
PM todeiuSia 
JO 
14 
.812 
— 
Elkton 
'n it 
.471 t 

New York Knick* 
28 
489 
> 

Buffalo 
17 
31 
354 
New York Net* 
I i 
54 
1o8 
I ) 
Central Division 
Washington 
?9 

Cleveland it i i 
.542 
.SAJ 
J. 
Mauston it 

See Antonio 
2* 
21 
24 
.583 
SJO 
J ' 
New O* lean . 
21 
28 

W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 

 lit 

Midwest Diviner. 
Denver 
33 
16 
871 
— 

Doff ad 
JO 
It 
J It 
4‘ 
Hun va* City 
IT 
3* 
589 
I 
Indiana ii 
JE 
45t 

M ilwaukee 
IS 
4o 
271 i i 
Pue it. i D o m e * 
L §» Angeles ll 

(enroot. M ale 
(t 

 lr 
IE 
X) 

88o 
84d 
.SOI 

Seattle it 25 
PKoeni* 
23 28 
F in le y * Gam e* 
LO* Angel*?') 48 
Net* It ), Ptiiiodeipnta I I I 

 ar til 

*a at Buffalo, ppd woodier 

B>. don 99 
New Cor * 
Detroit 124, 

 a1 IC time 

MW 

Ionia 44 C ie'.ion IIM. 
• iavn ital* j,i ingtori I 

o9 P h o er 

Saturday * Gam e* 

New York K nick* 
138. M ilw aukee Iii 
I*. Fo rth !id 1o4 
Sunday » Gam e* lunate at Seaton 
Lo* Anga** at FmtadetenKi 
New York Net* at Cleveland 
Hou*ten ut New Or leon * 
New York Kam e* et See A 
KUMM* Cdy et Detract 
I Uh aga pl IttdMMtO 
Denver at Ptotem* 
Milwaukee at Seattle 

A h i* 
Etie 
Beoc ham 
Noel 
Rdbgft 
Basin 

Le Tourneou 

I * ti a 
I]I12 

2 2 
78 
(3o 
3-$ 
OO 
23 

T n e tty 

Total* 
IS 14-18 *4 
LeTourneau 
Trinity 
Tefal tout* Trinity 2o, LeToorneou 2o 

Fouled out: None 

 t» it-a tp 
Ivey 
8 
3-4 2o 

Stoke* 
2 
(38 
4 
Recko 
3 
12 
I 
M rphy 
4 
o8 
8 
J tm sn s 
23 
12 
K tiger 
I 
OO 
2 
W llm * 
2 
1o-13 14 
Solon* 
2 
1-2 
S 
M ara I 
I 
OO 
2 
M cLev 
o 
(3o 
o 
Total* 
28 18 22 74 

24 
13—84 
IS 
42— 74 

Lead held by TLC 

‘jet O M to tnt te m i i totw * 

SEGUIN — Texas Lutheran main­ tained its hold on first place in the Big 
State Conference by blasting South western, 95-74, Saturday night. 

The Bulldogs took the lead for good al 8-6 and built it into margins of 22 in the first hall and 23 in the second, when the Dues could get no closer than 
18. 

Steve Porter tallied 34 points and grabbed 19 rebounds as the Bulldogs committed only eight turnovers and caused Southwestern to make 18. 

The Bulldogs went 37-for-76 from the field and Southwestern 27-for-53. 

T IX is now 6-o in the Big State and 
IT-7 overall. Southwestern is 2-4 and 
11-9 

TE MAE L U T H E R A N 19*1 - 
Steve Porter lf 

Id I? I* 
Eon olovtr'r I % I i8.‘ O tk« Ion**. A T I 14 

S flP o iW i* } SJ 
{ i% I; & £ } 

E E 6 
K a w * o <3# o. H am ilton § g a o 
T o tal* 
JU 
H 17 *5 Teem Feet* ti t a u * * Out 
G lover 

LOOT H W E E TE R N (14) - 
Stove Deering a I |« if. Joe RueK e m » * I } ll, Kenny Dean** 3 )-f I } . 
HS .11*1 ie well 4 4 4 lf , A t o t * ,,, in * a d io n ,,*,*,, 

I J H 
Chose * H I W eaver 8 24 t i M u*** a E E 

E t UNH* it To it t i team feu** 
Ie. Fouled Out a .r«uno» Odem*. Weave* 

SAVE 3 DAYS ONLY ON OUR BEST 
SELLING POLYESTER CORD TIRES 

SALE 
PRICE 

 i 
A78-13 blackwall plus $1.73 F.E.T. No trade needed. 

ON SALI MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY 
POLYGLAS AT EVERYDAY VALUE PRICES 

OUM LOW 
PRICE 
OUR LOW 
PRICE 

SALE 
PRICE 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES Open Mon., Wed., Thor*., Tri. 8 to 5:3o Toot., 9 to 5:3o Sot. 8 to 5 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 6 1977 
H 

 loyal to us through the years and it added inspiration to the youngsters this season.” 
Now 7-1 in district with one game to go, St. Gerard’s is 2o-11 for the season, the first 2o-victory season for the school since a record 24-8 campaign in 1963, 
Bonewitz’ senior year. 
Central is now 4-4 in the district (17-14 overall), and Corte* said. -We were thinking of first place (through means of a tie for the title and a playoff victory). 
* “ It's very disappointing.” he said, “ hut you learn a lot from a season like this. We had a good club but were very inconsistent all year and made some crucial mistakes today. We bad to depend on one guy (David Pollock) too much.’’ 
Pollock scored 35 in a losing cause, 
Cortez said, “ On a basketball court, things change constantly. You Uke to think your support is constant, but I feel the team didn't fail half as much as your support, (there was an abundance of 
.seats on the Button side). The kids gave a real good effort (coming back within 
’five in the second half) and they deserved better support than they got.” 

ST. G E R A R D '* (?3) M a rk S lrd 22, t d d l* Ho<Jq«»* IS. ja m e s K rueiak ii, Charlie Puente 12. B rvan 
Boehm IO. W illiam s. Terrell, Breda. G la m o r . K lsslln q 
C E N T R A L C A T H O L IC (44) — 
D avid Pollock .VS. Bordelon 9, K aro A, Joseoh 4. Petri 4 Chaver 4. 
D om ingo ** 2, Zamora, Canty. Trevino. S a la rar 
Halftim e 
SI G e rard s 34. Centro! Catholic JO 

Continued from Page IS 

Coca-Cola Holiday Tournament in Alumni Gym and Bonowitz said that win. 
“was a real turning point for us because it got us over the hump as far as knowing what we could do.” 
Of this fourth and final loss. Cortez said, “ I thought St. Gerard’s played as well as a team can play today." 
.Asked what the difference was this year. Bonewitz replied. “ Unity within the team. We had five skilled people on the floor and all five contributed so much. Without question it is the best group since I ve been coaching “ 
All five Royal starters scored in double figures as St. Gerard's led all the way, once bv 14 points early in the third stanza. Mark Bird had 22 points. 
Eddie Hodges 15, Jam es Krueiak 14, Charlie Puente 12 and Brvan Boehm IO 
Hodges and Bird are holdover starters, although a knee operation sidelined 
Bird last year after just five games. Krueiak and Boehm lettered last winter and Puente did not play basketball. 
“ Ail five can score and do many other things on the floor." Booewitz said, adding he thought the Royals’ chances were good in the state tournament 
Feb. 18-19 in Convention Center Arena. 
“ A big asset for us was the fan support,” he concluded “ The fans have been 

Royals snap 
Button streak 

Power 
Streak'78 

Rugged polyester cord carcass, six- rib road-holding tread, dependable bias-ply construc­ tion Honest 
Goodyear quality and now sale priced 
... so act today* 

RAIN CHECK — lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 

POLYGLAS' RADIAL WHITEWALL 
With long wearing fiberglas belts. 
CUSHION BELT POLYGLAS 
Our double-belted price leader. 

BR78-13 
E78-14 
FR 78-14 
F78-14 
A78-13 blackwall plus $1.73 F ET. and old tire 
WHITEWALL 33.oo MORE 

GR/8-15 
AR78-13 whitewall plus $1 84 F.E.T. and old tire 

G78-14 
HR78-1S 
G78-15 

Heavy-Duty Tires For Pickups, Vans, 
Campers &RVs 
I 
I -■ I 
Nylon Cord 'Rib 
Hl-Miler' For Long, 
Low-Cost Mileage 

SIZE 6.7o-15 
6PR tube-type. 
$2 41 F.fc.T. 
No trade needed 

7oo-15 
7.5o-16 
6.5o-16 
o.oo-16.5 
8.75-16.5 

Lube AOI! Change 
Engine Tune-Up 

Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores 
See Your Independent Dealer For His Price 

NORTH SIAR 
3 3 6 Rector 3 4 4 - 9 7 8 6 
(Across from N. St. M all) 

NORTH 
47o2 Son Pedro 
824-3371 

DOW NTO W N 
4o1 N. A lam o 
227-7381 

NORTHEAST 
I S I S Austin H igh w ay 
824-o2o8 

DOW NTOW N 
8 1 6 S. St. M a r y ’s 
222-1373 
SOUTHEAST 
1 3 4 6 Fair 
S34-S468 

EAST 
3o3o last Commark# 
223-7266 

W IST 
I t l l Wast Commaes# 
323-7677 

SOUTH 
3131 S.W. Military 
923-4563 

NORTHWEST 
1 4 9 8 Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

NORTHWEST 
3966 fred.bg Rd 
7 3S-6141 

FREDERICKSBURG 
997-7556 
SiO U IN 
379-228o 

GOODYEAR INDEPENDENT DIALERS* 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
Devine, feaas 
663-57o6 
_____ 

BAUM AN TIRE 
33o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
119 W. Oaklawn Hwy. 97 W att 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, INC, 
8 3 9 Pat Booker R oad 
Universal City, T*. 638-4771 

4 

 c 
O utdoor 
—B rie fs 

Pat Smith, right, receives Sportsman of the Year award from Al 

Pancoast Jr., left. The award is presented each year by the 

Metropolitan League of Bass Clubs of San Antonio. Smith is a 

 member of the Triple XXX Bass Club. 
Golden Age, Eagle 

Passports available 

WASHINGTON - The 1977 Gol­ den Ase and Golden Eagle Bas­ sinets, authorized by Congress as a means of facilitating entrance to and use of selected parks, monu­ ments, and recreation areas man­ aged by the federal government, are now available for issuance or sale. 
The Golden Age Passport is is­ sued without charge to persons H2 years of age or older and is good for the lifetime of the permittee. It provides entry for the holder and accom panying persons and pro­ vides fill per cent discounts on fe­ deral fees charged for “ use” of facilities within the federal area. 
Non federal use fees, such as those charged by private concessionaires, are not discounted through use of the Golden Age 
Passport. Approximately 49o,oo11 lifetime Golden Age Passports were issued during 1975. 
The Golden Eagle Passport cost­ ing $1o is good for one calendar year and is available to persons under H2 years of age. The passport permits the holder and accompanying per­ sons in a single, private non-com­ mercial vehicle to enter federal entrance fee areas. 
The passport does not cover fees for the use of such facilites as cam p grou nd s, boat launching docks, or parking areas. Some 5,9oo 
Golden Eagle Passports were sold during 1975. 
The passports and information brochures describing their use may 

David Bush of Seguin displays the lunker black bass he caught recently a t la k e M c Q u e en e y . The fish weighed nine pounds and six ounces. 

PHOTO BY GLENN ADAMS 

 be obtained at fee areas designated by the federal agencies or at the headquarters of the National Park 
Service, Washington, D.C., and its regional offices, or the forest ser­ vice headquarters. 
Washington, 
DC., and its regional offices. 

Golden Age Passports must be applied for in person; proof of age or an affidavit is required. 

A voiding line breaks 

Repeated line breaks well above the terminal tackle often can be traced to rough metal surfaces on rod guides or reel parts. 
Even small worn spots on the inside surfaces of guides can nick or rip small shavings off lint1 with every cast. Rough places on metal pillars of bait casting reels or bail pick-ups on spinning reels can do the same sort of damage. 
Periodic inspection of such metal 

 parts which come in contact with lines, using a magnifying glass, can spot these problems Indore fish are lost due to frayed lines. 
Some types of metal guides, par­ ticularly tips. will groove after months of fishing. Since it’s diffi­ cult to see some inside guide surfaces, pull a piece of material from a wom an’s nylon stocking through the guide. Even liny rough spots will snag the fabric 

T im e s & tid e s 

 rio ts 

Port Aronvat 

SUM ll ISC -SUNSET 

Coft. A 
L o 
* SA a rn 
Hi 
7 VO a rn 
Lo IO IO p m. 
Hi 
4 l l e m. 

PM * 
Lp IO Mr a m 
Hi 
S S3 a rn 
Lo 11; 33 P m 
Hi 
1 .2 * o rn 

POO I 
Lo IO 41 a rn 
Hi 
4 o 1 a m. 
Lo 11: JU p rn 
Mi 
SJO/ p m 

P M * 
Wij.o I i I a m 
Sot 6 16 p in 

P M I 
Piso f TO a rn. 
Sol o I/ p m. 

M OONRISE M OO NSET 
PM * 
* »se 9 Oil p rn 
Sol S 43 a rn 

P M I 
Ris« IO: IO o rn. 
Set | 43 a rn. 

P o rt i t a M 

Peb I 
Lo It H I p m 
Hi /M a rn 
Lo 
— 
Hi 
/ 44 p rn. 

MOON PH ASES 

Neei moon 
Peb •• 
P iru Quarter. Pro .>6 
Pull moon Mar i 
Lott Quarter 
Pea ll 

LEASE $239 
1977 

OO mo. 

226-7221 

COUPE DE VILLE 

STOCK— # 1oo5 

36 MO.-CLOSED ENO 

<^ a c & d ia c 

Tame River Trout of Argentine Andes 

By DAN KLEPPER 

OUTDOOR tDITOR 
Nahuel Huapi, an ice-blue lake covering more than 328 square miles of Andean valleys in wes­ tern Argentina, hides some hef­ ty trout beneath its surface. 

The fish have a lot of room in which to hide. The lake is up to 1,3oo feet in depth and more than 
4o miles in length. 
If that isn’t enough fishing water for the angler, there are do-* zens of smaller lakes in the m ountainous region around Bari- loche, plus a m u lti­ tude of m a jo r and m inor riv e rs and stre a m s, all fed by snows of the Andes, nearly all provid­ ing clear, cold habitat for rainbow and brown trout, with a few harboring brook trout and landlocked salmon. 
The trout, which were stocked at the turn of the century, grow large in the lakes. The record brown from Nahuel 
Huapi weighed 35.2 pounds, and rain­ bows weighing almost that much have been caught. 
Trolling 
Most of the big lake trout are caught trolling, but many are taken by flyr- odders and spin fishermen along the edges of the lake, often within sight of town. 
Members of the Braniff Internation­ al Outdoor Council, some 2o writers and photographers from various parts of the U.S., visited the region late in 
January, right in the middle of the summer doldrums, according to Bari- loche guides. 
The fishing season in that area starts 
Nov. 15 and ends April 15. The best fishing periods are November and De­ cember and again in Argentina’s fall, 
March and April. 
We hit th** slack period almost dead center and found the fishing excellent but the catching slow . 
Got away 
Nahuel Huapi yielded an 18-pound 
2-ounce rainbow to the lure trolled by 
E. L. (Buck) Rogers of Missouri, and a 
12-pound brown was hooked and landed on a fly cast by Bariloche guide George 
Villa. The rest of us had to settle for smaller fish. 
Jack Parry of Indiana almost caught a big one. While trolling the lake with the aid of downriggers. he hooked a fish his guide said would weigh between 25 and 3o pounds. He lost the trout when it ran under the boat and cut his line. It seems to he the nature of big fish to get away. 
The wind can be a problem at Bari­ loche. It comes up about midmorning and blows a gale until late afternoon. 
The surface of Nahuel Huapi is whipped into a white-capped froth with four-foot seas. 
Rivers 
But the wind doesn’t bother the river fisherman, and I spent my fishing time on two major rivers in the area, the 
Unlay, which funnels melting Andean snows to the east and the Atlantic, and the Man so (Tame), which begins near 
Bariloche. crosses the border into 
Chile and finally reaches the Pacific. 
Russell Tinsley of Austin and I ac­ companied guides Bertie List and 
Brian Lowe to the Manso for a day of fishing between Lakes Hess and Los 
Moscow. 
The Limay River below Nahuel 
Huapi is broad and fast with very little white water. Its hanks are relatively clear of brush, and while wading is limited only to the edges and gravel bars, it can be fished very effectively with a fly rod. 
The Manso between Loa Muse os and 
Mess is almost the opposite. It is nar­ rower than the Limay. The current is 

S u n d a y 
K x p r e s s - S V w s 

Sunday February 6 1977 

THE BANKS of the Manso River are heavily timbered, and the underbrush is thick with thorn bushes, wild roses and stands of cane. 

 faster, alternating between substantial rapids and dark pools of unknown depth. 
The hanks and surrounding moun­ tains are heavily timbered, and the underbrush is thick with thorn bushes, wild roses and stands of cane. 
Highway 
A major highway, one that is under construction and, when finished, will reach the Chilean border in the moun­ tains, parallels the Manso, and there are a num ber of trails through the forest w here fisherm en reach the water. 
But in relation to the total amount of fishable water in the Manso, the access points are few and far between, and I wished again and again for a rubber raft or even a john boat and a good oarsman so that I could float the river. 
Like the Limay, the waters of the 
Manso are, for the most part, too deep for wading, but in the proper craft, an angler could spend an e n tire day floating between Los Moscos and Bess 
Lakes and fish some of the most beau­ tiful trout water ever created. 
Handling 
The in v eterate trout fisherm an , armed with his fly rod and hand-tied fly, doesn’t just catch fish. He “ han­ dles” them. 
Handle is a term used to define the number of trout hooked — whether landed or lost — during a day on the stream. 
During my day on the Manso. I han­ dled only four good fish on my ultra­ light spinning outfit. By “ good” fish, I refer to trout three pounds or better. 
And of the four, I mishandled three. 
At one point. I w ormed my way through the cane and brush to a spot on the river overlooking a pool so deep I couldn’t see bottom. 
As I eased to the edge of a grassy bank and extended the rod over the water to make a flip cast (there was no room for any other kind), a couple of very nice trout , a brown that would have weighed at least five pounds and a rainbow of three or more, moved from the cut hank immediately ben­ eath my feet. 
Spinner 
I dropped a spinner into the clear water and watched the brown lazily turn toward the lure, which had been caught in the current and was flutter­ ing downstream. 
The fish hit when I had about six feet of line out, and when one has a five- pound trout on a short string in fast 

Bill Luiiniiighanrs 
"Caille dialler” 

Every doy m lh• Express. 

A BROWN TROUT from the Manso 
River in Argentina is gilled by 
Russell Tinsley of Austin. 

 w ater, the fish does m ost of the handling. The trout didn’t stay hooked very long. 
A few easts later the rainbow — or a rainbow of similar size — rose from the depths of the pool and took the lure, and I managed to mishandle that fish, too, with neatness and dispatch. 
Later that morning, after a lot of walking and easting and fighting the brush. I found a fishy-looking eddy on the far side of the river and waded out on a bar to reach it with a long east. 
The first cast resulted in a small trout. which was released. 
Spoons 
The next two easts resulted in the planting of small spoons in the tree limbs overhanging the eddy, but on the 

 next throw the spoon hit in the still water, and a nice trout struck. 
The trout, a rainbow of about three pounds, jumped a number of times as I worked it toward the bar. Tinsley, who was downstream, headed my way with his camera. 
I had the tired fish at my feet when 
Brian and Russell arrived. 
“ Make it jump,” Tinsley said. 
As if on command, the hook pulled out, and the exhausted trout lay on its side for what seemed like minutes be­ fore slowly finning its way across the bar toward the deep. 
“ You should have stamped on it,” my Argentine guide said. 
“We say ‘stomped’ in Texas,” I re­ minded him as I watched the fish dis­ appear. 
Brown 
A four-pound brown made up for the loss of the rainbow later in the day. 
We lunched in the shade of the for­ est, feasting on a variety of cold meats, boiled eggs and cheeses, washing it down with Argentine wine chilled in the waters of the Manso, then fished on dow nstream to w here the riv er empties into Lake Hess. . 
By this time I had managed to lose most of my rem aining spoons and spinners to the rocks and logs that clutter the stream bed. 
I had two spoons left when I hung one of those several yards from shore on a dead tree in fairly deep water. I waded out gingerly and managed to dislodge the lure just before the cold w ater lapped over the top of my chest waders. 
But from that point, I was able to reach a deep pool along the opposite shore. And that’s where the brown lay in wait. He hit when the spoon touched the waler and was swept downstream into a rapid. 
I followed for a few yards, angling toward shore and shallows. The trout, aided by the river, peeled line from the reel for a while, then came to my side of the Manso in quiet water and was landed. 
If an angler could fish the Manso from a boat, I feel he could be tied to trout like that and larger most of the day , . . even during the summer dol- rums of the Argentine Andes. 

Special “Get Acquainted” Offer 

To introduce our new 

 service manager, 

HARRY SAUTER, and 

 our new name, we 

 invite you to come out 

 and take advantage of 

 these specials. Come in 

 soon. Offers good thru 

February 1977 only. 

** ELECTRONIC ENGINE 
DIAGNOSIS 

TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 
$33°° 

This it our regular 
$ 3 7 .9 5 tune up 
It in­ cludes points, pti gs, timing and vacuum ud 
(ustment 
Plus free engine biognosis 

1o% 

DISCOUNT 

ON 

PORSCHE 

& 

HONDA 

REPAIRS 

(WITH THIS AD air A SAVE) 

BRAKE 
SPECIAL 
$64.oo 

This it our regula 
$ 7 4 .5 o brake job. It hi dudes machining oil < drums, repacking whee bearings, new shoe plus a complete tyst«< check. 
MISSION Volkswagen / Honda 

 t i San Antonio’s Largest Dealer" 

1 3 o o i.1 . M ilitary D rive — N os* • • M u tto n C h ev ro let 

9 2 4 - 6 5 1 6 

I 
A 

Parting Shots 

B y ' B o f f B r o w m a n 

All-Star game is a classic.. .right? 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 6 I 977 
H 

“ Good afternoon, this is Sam 
Pedro, and w e ’re talking to 
Freeman Throw, coach of the 
Western Conference team for this traditional All-Star Classic. 
What does coaching in an All- 
Star classic mean to you?” 

“ Well, S am , it m e a n s I don't get to v a c a tio n in B a r b a d o s th e w ay I planned to.” 
“ Y es, but this is a classic, once-a- year, n o -h o ld s-b a rre d d isp lay of the greatest s ta rs in the NBA? Doesn't that mean a n y th in g ? ” 
‘‘It m e a n s I d o n 't h a v e to buy a ticket, and it m e a n s I w o n't have to listen to you on television.” 
“ F in e . How do you a p p ro a c h th is g am e?” 
“ W ell, i t ’s like any o th er g a m e . I approach th em all one at a time. This is for the b ra g g in g rights to the NBA. 
W e're sky high for this one. You can throw all th e record s out the window for this cla ssic .” 
“ Yes, I know, there was quite ti m ess outside when I w alked in.” 
“ Seriously, this is a team of 
" su p erstars, blue-chippers all. 
They a re c re d its to th e ir fa­ m ilie s , c i t i e s , t e a m s an d agents. T h e y 're the best team 
I ve c o a c h e d ...sin ce last s e a ­ son.” 
“ W h a t a b o u t a k ey to victory?” 
— — 
" W e ll, for one th in g , w e h av e to m ake su re our center, Slam Dunk, gets here. He m issed the team bus in R ich­ field, and had tro u b le re n tin g a dog sled. 
“ A nother p rob lem could be our sta r guard, Slick F in g ers. He said so m eth ­ ing about tou ring the b rew eries with 
Laverne and Shirley. We h aven ’t seen him sin ce." 
“ W hat kind of attack will you u se? ” 
“ It's called E very Man F o r Himself. 
R e a lly , it s an in s tin c tiv e s ty le for most of the players in this leag ue.” 
“ I know you have to m eet with your players before tip-off. J u s t one m ore question. How m u ch does th is g a m e mean to y ou?” 
“ Well, it's for all the m arb les, and I 
(•mild use a new set." 
“ T h an k you. Coach Throw .” 
Southpaw power 
It has been a season to forget for the 
New Y o rk N e ts , b u t C o ach K e v in 
Loughrey c a m e up with a ra th e r m e-' m orable lineup recently which includ­ ed Bubbles Hawkins and Dave Wold at g u a rd s , K im H u gh es at c e n te r, and 

NBAfJ 
TIP OFF M 

NO. 13 
HAND CONTACT 
Hand contact began many years ago in tn« NBA when centers were reaching out and touching each other 
It is referred to by some as hand checking but hand checking is illegal 
The NBA rules specify that a player can reach out and touch an opponent to maintain a desired distance from him 
The touch becomes hand checking when the defen­ sive player places his hand on the offensive player in a stiff arm manner a n d 

 r 

(fig 1| 
Illegal 

K 
' 

■v 

 applies pressure that im­ pedes his progress (fig I) 
NBA officials have curtailed hand checking by macing the defensive player pend his arm when making con­ tact with the opposing 
Player (tig 2) 

Ct* tnt) sax 

■ / r k 

(fig 2) 
Legal 

Spurs take on 
Knicks today 

In the beginning,, losing was C avalier thing to do 

T im B assett and J a n van B reda Kolff at fo rw a rd s . W h at is so m e m o r a b le about th at g ro u p ? T hey a re all le ft­ handed. 

T he fans and coaches m ay not fully appreciate P a c e r g uard Don B use, but his a ll-s ta r ru n n in g m a te at g u a r d . 
B illy K n ig h t, c e r t a i n l y e n jo y s h is w ork. K n ig h t, th ird in th e NBA in scoring with a 26.3 average, will be a r e s e rv e on th e a ll- s ta r te a m . B u se , lead in g th e le a g u e in s te a ls an d a s ­ sists, was not picked. 

“ He c o m p le m e n ts m e so m u c h , ” says Knight. “ It’s like I’m still playing forward. On offense, I ’m doing exactly the sam e things I was doing last year. 
W hether I w ant to go one-on-one, shoot from out on the floor or go down low', he gets the ball to me. 

“ He looks for m e all the tim e and tries to get it to me. A lot of tim es on the way down co urt, h e ’ll ask m e if th e re ’s anything special I want to run 
...if anything in p artic u la r is w orking for me. Then he ll call it.” 
Buse is an all-star in his own right. 

H /in/ kind of attack icill you use?' ‘It s called Every Man for 
Himself.' 

J a m e s S ilas r e tu r n s to th e S p u r s ’ lineup Sunday. When he gets in shape. it will create a potentially happ y p rob ­ lem for Spurs Coach Doug Aloe. After all, G eorge G ervin is ru in in g th e d e ­ fe n s iv e r e p u t a t i o n s of m a n y s h o r t gu ard s, and Mike Gale h as turn ed into an expert floor leader. 

“ No. it w on’t be a p ro b le m ,” sm iled 
M oe. “ We w on’t start Si until he gets healthy, but w e’ve been playing three or fo u r g u a r d s , so tim e w o n ’t be a p ro b lem . I’d like to leave Ice in the backcourt, th ou gh ." 

Los Angeles Laker K erm it W ash ing ­ ton sta rte d his b a sk e tb a ll c a r e e r b e ­ cause a high school friend w as on the team . 

“ We would com e hom e from school t o g e t h e r , ” s a y s W a s h i n g to n , w ho com es from the city of the sa m e nam e. 
“ And since he was on the te a m , I went out so I could have som eone to go hom e w ith.” 

T h a t has to be W a sh in g to n ’s m ost rew ardin g friendship. 

Bv KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
O f TMF EXPRESS N { W S STAPF 
Life with an expansion team is like cutting your fingernails too short, studying the wrong pages of the text for an examination, forgetting your mother-in-law’s birthday, or skipping school the day they show a movie in class. 

It is also rain on a Sunday and sun on a Monday. In the v e rn acu lar, it is the pits... 
B ut for a p ro f e s s io n a l b a s k e t b a ll p l a y e r in r e c e n t tim e s, expansion is a way of life. 
O n e s u c h p l a y e r , 
Bobby “ B ingo" S m ith of th e C le v e la n d C a ­ v a l i e r s , h a s liv e d t h r o u g h e x p a n s i o n d a y s an d is now e n ­ jo y in g th e b e t t e r tim es with the Cavs, tim es that ap p e ared to be d r e a m s b a c k in 
197(1. 
Sm ith, a personable sort, is the only original Cav still with the team . And the M e m p h is n ativ e w ipes his brow and g r o a n s , th in k in g b ac k to th o se bad, old days. 
“ I think the first su rp rise w as going to Cleveland in the first place," Bingo recalled. “ I had a decent rookie season in San Diego (the San Diego franchise is now in H ouston), so I did not even think about expansion. 
“ H e ck , I ev en s t a r t e d th e last 39 g a m e s of the season when Don Ko.)is got hurt. And at the end of the season, 
San Diego trad ed Kojis, giving m e a shot at the sta rtin g berth , at least ac ­ cording to Alex H an n u m (the coach) and 
Pete 
Newell 
(the g eneral m a n a g e r). 
“ Well, I w as on the golf course and my wife called, telling m e to go by the1 
R o cket o ffic e s on th e w ay h o m e . I w a lk e d in a n d H a n n u m s a i d . ‘We g am bled and we lost.’ 
Gamble failed 
“ I did not quite know what they were driving at. But they explained. They put m y n a m e on the expansion list, thinking Cleveland would go for v e te r­ ans instead of rookies. But I w as the first guy Cleveland took. 
“ The only thing I knew about Cleve­ land was J im m y Brown played football there. And that was a long tim e ago. 
But m ost of all, I knew I had to start over, proving m yself a g a in ." 
Sm ith said the first Cleveland c a m p in the fall of 197o w as the m ost arduous he had ever been in. 
“ It w as like a rm y boot c a m p .” he said. “ T h ere w ere ai>out 23 guys there. 

We p ra c tic e d tw ice a day and th re e hours each tim e. He (C avalier Coach 
Bill F itch ) tried to run us to death. ” 
F itch, who like Sm ith is a Cleveland original, believed strongly in his c am p m adness. 
“ I w anted to sep ara te the m en from the boys," Fitch said in a m ock-sinis­ ter tone. “ I had to m ak e su re we had the right people there. Bingo survived d id n ’t he. We w anted to build a solid foundation." 
Sm ith, a 6-6. 2o7-pounder, said there w as a g re a t d eal of p r e s s u re on th e players even though it w as an ex p a n ­ sion cam p. 
"Y ou had to play hard every d a y ,” 
S m ith said. "It is not like a re g u la r c a m p w h ere you can relax a fte r the first cuts. H ere, we had lo w orry all the way through b ecau se there w ere five g uy s in th e w in g s and two or th re e other guys ready, too.” 
And things did not get any better for the Cavs. 
P lay in g w ith an inexp erien ced and quasi-talented te a m in an an tiq u a ted aren a, the C avaliers lost their first 15 g am es of the year. 
Tough first year 
" W e knew it w ould be tough w ith that lep er colony they gave us in the d ra ft,” F itch said. laughing now. “ We really could not hope to be very c o m ­ petitive." 
"T h o se losses, though, w ere not a s had c om ing in C leveland b eca u se no one expected us to w in," Sm ith said 
" T h e y e a r b efo re in San D iego, we w e re lo s in g (27-55) w ith a l l - s t a r p lay ers." 
S m ith said th e C av aliers w ere not really as bad as their 15-67 record 
We w ere in’ about th ree q u a rte rs of e v e ry g a m e . ” Ik* sa id . “ T h e n , one q u a rte r we would fall asleep It used to be a d i f f e r e n t q u a r t e r e a c h t i m e , 

G ophers roll 

M I N N E A P O L IS ( A P ) - J u n i o r center M ichael T h o m p s o n led five of 
Ins te a m m a te s in doublc™ igures and 
M innesota’s zone press defense s h a t­ tered N o rth w e ste rn ’s slow-down ta c ­ tics S atu rday , as the G ophers w hipped the W ildcats 79-53 in a Big Ten con­ ference gam e. 

 th o u g h 
W e u su a lly ju s t ra n out of g a s." 
F or Sm ith, losing was hard to take 
But what bothered him most of all w as that the Cavs got no respect. 
No respect 

“ Not from the fans. the refs or other t e a m s . ” S m i th s a id , “ lf w e c o m ­ plained to a ref about a call, lie would tell us to get aw ay, say mg ‘You are lust an ex p an sio n te a m , w h at do you e x ­ pect.’ We never got a break 
“ A nd you n e v e r told a n y o n e you w ere a Cavalier People alw ays m ad e jo k e s about us. Also, we bad a unique situation iii Cleveland because we did not have a big n am e on the team ll you notice, m ost ex p an sio n te a m s get at least one n am e player. 
“ But in a very real way, the losing m ade us a close-knit team . We all grew together. It w as Bill s first y ear as a pro coach, too. We all knew it would take a w hile." 
T he all-tim e Cavalier ro ster lists 2K players. Such uoteables from that first season include Cliff A n derso n, G ary 
F re e m a n , Bob Lewis aud G ary Sinter. 
R e m e m b e r th em ? 
“ G uys just c a m e and went that first y e a r," Bingo said. " T h a t ro ste r only 
Cards thrash 
Mi'iiiphis St. 

L O U IS V IL L E , 
K y . 
(A P ) — N in th - r a n k e d 
Louisville exploded to a 
31-8 lead in the* first IO m in u te s b e h in d g u a r d 
Hick Wilson and went on to rout M e m p h is Stall* 
111 92 in a Metro-7 Con* lerenee basketball g a m e 
S aturday. 
Controlling the boards a n d f a s t - b r e a k i n g a t every o pp orunity, Louis­ ville put four players in double figures in the first half alone en route to its 
13th consecutive victory. 
The C ardinals are 16-2 
W ils o n , a 
6-foot-4 g u ard , scored 17 points, g ra b b e d eigh t rebo un ds and had four ste a ls to sp a rk Louisville to a 54-34 le a d at i n t e r m i s s i o n . 

 in clu d e s th e g u y s who stu ck. T h e re w e r e at le a s t 75 o th e r s w ho c a m e through for about a day or two " 
Both Sm ith and Fitch said the fans trea ted the club well in that m aid en season 
W hat w as tilt* real s h a m e ," Fitch said, "w a s that not only did we have a c r u m m y te a m , but w e p la y e d in a cru m m y arena. T he aren a was the only thing worse than the te a m ." 
“ T he fans used to be excited when we would lose a g a m e by just a few p o in ts ," B ingo re c a lle d 
“ T h a t w as like a victory.” 
Reached peak 
T hose d ay s a re gone now 
O h. the 
( avs suffered through som e m ore Ion m g s e a s o n s , b ut la st s e a s o n th e y reached th eir peak, w inning the C en­ tral Division title and m aking ll to the 
E astern Conference finals They lost to the Boston Celtics in the finals 
And, believe it or not, Bingo would like to see m ore expansion iii the NBA, g iv in g m o re p la y e r s a c h a n c e . B ut d on ’t sign him up for an o th er e x p a n ­ sion tour because once is enough 
“ I like C leveland," Sm ith said "N o more* ex p an sio n st lift for m e . th a n k von." 

Continued from Page IS 

»ver 5o pe r cent from the field 
" I w a sn 't shooting on my way up, like I sho uld," he said “ And I w a sn ’t using m y legs Instead of flexing them , 
I was ju m p in g with my legs straight 
“ And it d id n ’t happen over nigh t," 
In d e e d , a j u m p e r s h o o te r, like a golfer, p rac tic es an extrem ely fine art 
Off just a bit one way or the other, and 
II is close but no cig ar 
“ T h a t ’s why ev en the best p ro fe s ­ sion al g o lf e r s h ave c o a c h e s, sa v s 
Dumpier. “ T h e y ’re always w atching to m ak e su re th e golfers d o n ’t get into bad h a b its." 
Like m any old ABA shooters. D um ­ pier m isses the three-point shot. But it g o e s beyond the (act that a shot from the popcorn stan d is now w orth just two points. 
• I f s h a rd e r for everyone to drive now. especially for som eone my si/e s a v s the 6-o veteran 
" I t se e m s like everyone iii this league collap ses on defense. 
“ So what you have lo do is drive and give the ball off. It is a lot easier now to drive to the corner and get a clear shot 

“ W hen vive got G ilm ore and Issei in 
K e n tu c k y , th ai cu t into half my of* tense I began to set them up lf * like now, w hen I don I look for th e shot quite as m uch " 
As a ti ll h igh school g u a rd in In* diana. D antpier shul mostly from the 
15-foot range 

The New Christy Minstrels will p e r­ f o r m a s soon a s p o ssib le a fter the 
Spurs-Knlcks game. A Spur ticket will be necessary to attend. 

“ T h a t 's d e c e n t s iz e fo r a h ig h school.” said D um pier, “ But m y coach told me I'd have to learn to shoot from 
2o feet since I was going to play for 
Coach Rupp at Kentucky. K entucky set their g u ard s up for that kind of shot. 
“ I w a s n ’t really r e a d y fo r th e three-point shot my first season, but I kept w orking on shooting fui liter out ” 
Now, reg rettab ly, it is worth but two p o in ts fr o m a n y w h e r e in s id e th e building. 
But as long as he shoots on the way up. flexes his legs and, the bail goes in. that will keep L iuie D um pier satisfied 
T e rp s nip 

D u k e 
, 6 
5 
- 6 
4 

DI RHAM N CL (AP) — Sophom ore guard J a m e s T illm an, who retu rn ed to the team only four days ago following a four-gam e su sp en sio n , scored M a ry ­ land's last eight points as the T erps edged Duke ti5-64 in ail ov ertim e At­ lan tic C oast C o n feren ce b a s k e tb a ll g am e Saturday, 
M aryland is 4*3 iii the ACC and 15*3 over all Duke is I ti in the league aud 
Ii ti over att, 

Spur fan of week 

Mary Garner never thought much about the Spurs until three years ago when she started working at the Convention Center ticket office. 

“ We sh a re the booth with the S p u rs," M ary re ­ po rted. “ A nd L a W an d a M cC om bs ( S p u r s ’ tick et m an ag e r) kept after m e to go see a gam e. 
“ Well, she would not let u p , so I decided to go. I s a w th e 
S p u r s p la y 
D env er and th a t got m e interested. I w ent to quite a few o th e r g a m e s th at season. And now I am a s e a s o n tic k e t h o ld e r . I have been for two y e a rs ." 
Mary says she is an a r m - c h a i r s p o r t s n u t, 
|| p r e f e r r i n g to s p e c t a t e ra th e r than participate. 
“ The Spurs g a m e s are a g r e a t p la c e to m e e t peo ple,” she said. "A nd that is besides the g reat basketball you can see.” 
M ary is also one of the few f a n s w ho is N O T h app y ab ou t th e te a m 's m e m b e rsh ip in the NBA an d th e c o r r e s p o n d i n g dem ise of the ABA. 
“ At le a s t last y e a r, I u t u v r . DfcIE.D co u ld k e e p up w ith th e 
MAHY DAK.NEH team s and the p lay ers,” she laughed. "T h is year, there a re just so m any te a m s and players I find it difficult to know m any of th e m .” 
M ary says M ark O lberding and Mike Galt* are her favorite Spurs. 
“ W h y ? ." sh e s a id , re s p o n d in g to th e o b v io u s question, "W ell, they alw ays hustle out there. They a re two g u y s who have not been stru c k w ith the su p e rsta r sy n d ro m e .” 
Michigan, 98-72 

ANN ARBOR. Mich. (A P ) — John Robinson and 
Rickey G reen com bined for 43 points S aturday and led Michigan to a 93-72 Big Ten basketball rout of 
Ohio State. 
F orw ard Robinson scored 22 points, his high for the Seaton, and sta r g u ard G reen added 21 as the seventh-ranked W olverines raised their conference trd lo lo I and overall m u rk Ut 17 2 
The Buckeyes, 2-7 in the Big Ten and 7-11 overall, were led by L arry Bolden with 19 and Kelvin K in sey with 15 
It w as the Iooth m eeting between the schools. Ohio 
State now owns a 37-43 adv an atge. but M ichigan has won in nine of the last IO m eetings, 
Ohio State scored the first two bucket* of the second half to pull within one poi at, but Michigan pulled away by scoring 13 straig h t points. 
OHIO St ATI (TU Surf it 4 o-o 1 Hot* I l l y f itin<inowt*n l l } ! 
SomMn* 1 1 T lf (w it* A il IV »*ooi* IOO 4 DMX4'ly 1oo 4, Imith 
}of f . C un* IOO*. Au m oooo. Hoot mono 9 OTO. H*tt o OO o I OHI** 

SG LO BE TIKI SALE! 
D IS C O U N T CITY 

TI 12 X s\N 1*1 UKK VV) A 

IM U S W Mil ll VK) OK 

ANY SIZE 

WHITE 

ANY SIZE 

WHITE 

LISTED! 

ANY SIZE 

WHITE 

LISTED! 

INSTALLATION INCLUDED! 
ADD MILES OE WEAR! 

MOOOttAN (til lit 
It I d l l I f d to o 
VO*MN I i i I He 
)to o, 
I o j 
♦a 
|# f at* 

M OO* 
I I, t I 

DUNLOP GOLD SEAL STEEL 

BELTED RADIAL - WHITEWALLS! 

2 STEEL BELTS plus 2 POLYESTER CORDS! 

SIZE( 
EXC. TAX; 

BR78 13 
2 o6 
DR78 14 
2 38 
ER78 14 
2 47 

FR78 14 

SIZE; 

GR78 14 

H R 7 8 1 4 

GR78 15 

HR78 15 

SIZE 

JR78 15 

LR78 15 

2 65 

EXC TAX 

2 85 

3 o4 

2 9o 

3 .I I 

EXC TAX 

3 27 

3 44 

ADD MILIS Of WIA* 

WHEEL 

ALIGNMENT! 

 let Our f 

Se* Coombe•, 
C do *«» it \ tm 
St*im* 4 tut** 
88 

Moi* U S ta** lath niia >1 reeded 

M obil 

Extra Savings on Pirelli 
Motorcycle Tires! 
2o% Off OUR REGULAR LOW 
PRICE ON ANY SIZE IN STOCKI 

DUNLOP BELTED GT 
QUALIFIER TIRE! 
2 POLYESTER CORDS pint 2 fIBiRGlASS IELTSI rn 
1*o I* 
o6o 14 
(AO *4 
16o IS 
GAO IS 
1*o (J 

M f t i t IU 
MW! 
J Vt AI M ior 44.9$ 
) Sd >3 $1 i vt 43.9$ 
J o9 4S 99 
J / o 93.99 

(NSC I DRUM IRAKI PACKAGE! f*r Matt US (*rt I UfSt Irwkt with 
(*•** Oat 9 R*«» Orem 9**V*t 
• tatted MW tfM l Due Fed* I*** liningt 

 f ' M l (* f* m * W a lt I* e a t 9 . o k . 
Ha*Awm*. I m * I*!*** S#f>»|« 
• lekurl* lf Mi (■**•'> A •**' WSe*I 
C tM w i 9 Im* f*Mt Dim R*i*m 9 
Im* Diem* 
* Pac! ti*ni •**»»*> A lt*«4 H**.e«lu 
SytHNN 
* Adj**I PtoUtOf 9**4*I 9 tnt***! «*>••> 
(fknA** teed Tm ) Ca* tit* U tilf 

RAIMO WHIT! (.(TURSI 

GLOBAL MERCURY BATTERY! 
6o NUftfti I un it *4 W arranty! 
H O WHO NEEDS IT?* 

St** >4 144. 
A* inkwti 

IM IO fit MUSI US LAIS IM W KO (Uh 
OI PKI UP INNIS t»t*«i unum*!-** * Am’hM* 

I m * A eke lim e * 4 to 

***k •* to*** CM MMM 
*•• * to retie, Mi toto* 89 

 alto -to m 
8 8 s u r 

4 bouts on slate 

 scored a third-round knockout over Mexico’s 
Rinaldo Garcia. 
With one bout yet to be added, the card will highlight two main events, both 1o-rounders. 
Local flyweight Tony 
Moreno, in a comeback bid, will face Candelario 
“ Candy” 
Iglesias of' 
Mexico and New Orleans’ 
Freddie 
“ Stepper” 
Harrie will bump gloves with Pedro Flores of 
Mexico. 
Promoter John Tos­ cano said Harris, who is ranked 
1oth among lightweights in the Unit­ ed States, is well known for his showmanship in the ring as well as his ability. Ring Magazine named H arris U. 
S. fighter of the month for 
December. 
Flores is undefeated and in his last match fought to a draw against 
Mexico’s third-ranked lightweight Ney Gordillo. 
Also on the card will be an eight-rounder, match­ ing featherweights Ra­ fael Duran and Volente 
Ramos. 
All fighters will hold a public workout on Sun­ day at 2 p.m. at Alamo 
Boxing Gym. 
Tickets for the fights are $8, $6, and $4 and may be purchased at El 
Norteno Record Shop. 
Municipal Auditorium and by calling 226-5252 
Tuesday. 

R attler baseb open pla y F rid a y 

The St. Mary’s Rattlers, minus only two player"' off last year’s team which went to the NAJA World 
Series, open the 1977 baseball season Friday against 
Texas Tech at V J Keefe Field 
The teams will play a I p.m. doubleheader to kick off St Mary’s 41-game schedule, which includes 17 twin bills 
The Rattlers, whose 25-11 records produced the most victories in school history, will play fixe 
Southwest Conference schools during the year 
In addition to the Tech doubleheader, the Rattlers will play home-and-home series with Baylor and 
Texas A&M and have road doubleheaders at Texas and Rice. 

IV77 S c h e d u le 
Pet) l l , Tenos Tech. hom e, de l p m 
I en 
I at T e a s 
Coiieqe Station, dh, l p m F od 2?, at T e »o s. A uM m , cjh l p m 
C id 
JI, P h illip *, hom e, 2 p m 
M a r. I Oc icihom a C ny, nom e. tin, I p rn 
M ar 4, B a y lo r, hom e Oh. I p rn M a r 
8, at B a y lo r , W a c o , ell'. I o rn 
.M a r 
IO. M a n k a to St , hom e 3 p m 
M a r 
I 
T o o , A U M , hom e, (lh 
2 p.m. M a r 
IS, K a n s a s , hom e. 6 p m 
M a r 
IV. 
T e »o s L u th e ra n hom e. 2 p m 
M a r. 23, W a rtb u rg , dh 
I p m 
M a r 
26, ut South A es tern, G eorg etow n, (lh 
I p m 
M a r 
„’V at T rin ity 
S te c v c n s F ie ld 
7 IO d rn. A p ril 
J, St 
E d w a r d s , home 
(lh, I p m 
A p r 
C o rn ell, home, I p rn 
Apr ii 3, South D ak o ta St hom e, (lh 
’ p m 
A p r e at 
Huston Tillotson. Austin, J p m 
Apr 
V 
S o u th w e s te rn hom e. p m 
A p r I J, St e d w a rd s home, J pm. Apr. ie. Huston Tiitpfton, ne mr dh, I p m 
A pr lit at H ite , Houston, (th 
I p m 
A p r 
22 ut E a s t 
T e *as B ap tist 
M a rs h a ll. J p m . A m 
21. at E a s t Tunas B a p tis t 
M a rs h a ll, dh. I p o 
A pr 
6 
T rin ity hom e 
I 
o p rn 
A p r 
.o al 
Te»as Lu th e ra n , Seas. un 
I p m 
Cougars rejoice in crown 

FORT WORTH (AIM -1977 is 36 days old and the Houston Cougars have already won the Cotton Bowl and tilt* Southwest 
Conference Indoor Track and Field Cham- j pionships. And they still have a shot at going to the NCAA basketball playoffs, 

Anyone want to wager a (.’-note on their tennis and baseball squads? 
Cnder new Coach Tom Tellez, a former assistant j at UCLA, and an explosive sprinter. Dreg Edmond. J the Cougars shocked what was left tit a record crowd til 9.533 at Tarrant County Convention Center Satur* I day night with a half-point victory over defending champion Baylor. 
With a thousand or so laos left aud the clock sinking midnight. Houston's Greg Caldwell earned 
\ ital second place tie in the high jump for 4311 points j tt» Baylor’s 43 Texas A&M hail 41 and Texas 381 2 in | the closest indoor meet of the four on tin* SWC record books 
Joy 
The performance sent the Cougars into unres­ trained joy with one over-enthusiastic athlete I 
“ spiking” a shot on one of the track boards with a resounding crack 
Texas (’oath Cleburne Price had warned earlier in the week. “ Houston is the team to watch Tellez, is a j good coach and recruiter. He’s going to force some folks to get with their programs in this conference.” j 
Tellez turned loose Edmond on Olympian Johnny i 
Jones of Texas in the 6o-yard dash Edmond knocked off Harvey Glance two weeks ago in the event This I time it was Jones who fell. Jones a footballer, j 
(Misted a respectable 6 28 but Edmond won iii a rush I at ti 25. 
That means Edmond has now beaten half ut : 
America’s gold medal sprint relay team at Montreal last summer. 
“ Johnny has a slow start and that makes him a I target at 6o yards,” admitted Edmond 
Jones ran an unofficial 49 7 in anchoring the vic­ torious Texas mile relay team and appeared to Im* coasting with his fluid style. 

R e c o r d s 

Only two records wert* set-one by a Cougar .Stall I 
O’Shaughnessy jogged the 1,ooo-yard run in 2 o6 75 
The Irish Olympian eclipsed the old record of 2 116 by Canadian Olympian Paul Craig of Texas 
Cecil Overstreet of Houston sailed 25 4 one-hull in the tong jump lo beat the old mark of 24-7 34 bx ' 
Bax tor's Ricky Thompson 
Houston had only one other first place finisher — 
Handy Conman iii the shot put But track s a team 1 sport like everything else Houston has been winning lately in the SWC 
It seems like oui) >esterda> when Houston was 1 just trying to get sumetMMJv to answer its knock at 
Hie door lo get in 

» 

Azteca Promotions has announced the signing of a fourth bout to 
Tuesday night’s boxing card at Municipal Audi­ torium. 

A six-rounder, pitting 
Cut and Shoot’s Daryl 
Brum ley against 
Uvalde’s Al Davila in a middleweight encounter, has been added to the card which will begin at 
8:3o p.m. 
Brum ley displayed a strong chin and hard punching on October 12 in his last appearance in 
San Antonio when he 

( ANDY IGLESIAS 
... faces Moreno 

• £ • DI/COUHT 
I " 11 center 

WI DISCOUNT 
PRICE 
NOT QUALITY 

OPEN 
SUNDAY 

[ffi] STEREO SYSTEM 
K STEREO SYSTEM 
STEREO SYSTEM 

551 RECEIVER 
• AM FN STEREO 
• FM MUTING 
• Kl FILTER 

ERC RECEIVER 
MOOEl LAOS 
• AM-FM STEREO 
• TAPE INPUT 

SANSUI 331 RECEIVER 
• AM-FM STEREO 
• FOUR SPF AXER OUTPUT 
Ea SPEAKERS 
Moon supas 
• 2 WAY 
• I ” WOOFER 
• 3" Twiira 
• WALNUT CASINET 

ECI SPEAKERS 
MODEL 1253V 
• 3 WAY 
• 12”Woofa 

ARPEX SPEAKERS 
M ODIl 8o1 
• 2 WAY 
• 8’’ WOOFER 
• 3” TWEETER 
BSR TURNTABLE 
MOOEl 226oBX 
• AUTO CHANGER 
• COMPUTE 

TURNTABLE 
MODEL 226o8X 
• AUTO CHANGER 
• COMPLETE 

PfILTONE REPLACEMENT 
. 
STYLUS POR g 
% ^ 
SHURE PICO 
/ 1 

• 3 W A Y 
• 12” W O O FER 

• BASS PORT 

• CRO SSO VER 

CONTROL 
• AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER 
• 3 W AY TONE CONTROLS 
• HI, LO FILTERS 

We sound better 

STEREO 
SYSTEM 
|£g STEREO SYSTEM 
CA P IO N E E R * STEREO 
- ^ S Y S T E M 

224o RECEIVER 
• AM-FM STERIO 
• Hi, LO RUFUS 
• 3 WAY TONE CONTROLS 

6o4o RECEIVER 
• AM-FM STEREO 
• HI, LO RITER 
• WOOD CASINET 

55o RECEIVER 
• AM-FM STEREO 
• HI RITER 
• WOOD CABINET 
BK TABLE 
EC! SPEAKERS 
MOOEl 1254H 
• AWAY 
• 12" WOOFER 
• SUPER TWEETER 

ECI SPEAKERS 
MODEL 1255 
• AWAY 
• 12” WOOFER 
• WALNUT CASINET 

ECI SPEAKERS 
PHSE ll 
TOWER DESIGN 
PIONEER TURNTABLE 
PU 12o 
• BELT ORIVE 
• MANUAL 
• COMPUTE 

MAXSLL CASSETTE 
UOC-9o M IN. 

NEW ARRIVAL 
A l 5o 
MODEL HR I OO 

• FAST FORWARD 

• PAUSE CONTROL 
• TWIN VU METER 
• DOLBY NOISE REDUCTION 

• DOLBY NOISE REDUCTION 

• 3o-1 5,ooo Hz. RESPONSE 

• DUAL VU METER 

• PEAK INDICATOR 

SUPCRSCOPE 
FM CONVERTER 

 ttPtONOCT PIONEER CASSETTE 
JIL 8 TRACK 

MOOEL 
496 
• AM-FM STEREO 
• IN DASH 

KP212 
• U NOIR DASH 
CASSETTI 
• FAST FORWARD 
OPEN SUNDAY 

An Advertising Supplement to the SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS, Sunday, February 6,1977 
PfiSH 

SALE ENDS SATURDAY 

Look inside for more savings, Special Buys, values at our regular low prices. Select items on sale month long. Som e quantities limited. 
Save on this room now! 

 rn 

T i p - 4 

 f a 

4-pc bedroom grouping in refined traditional style. 
$85 savings. 
Q 7Q 88 

A 
M 
A 
Regularly 
W 
464.98 

A timeless set to grace elegant bedrooms. Speaks with just a a [ whisper of European flavor. Gleaming oak finish graces solid J | oak, oak veneers, select hardwoods and sturdy wood products. WH 
C enter-guided, dovetailed dustproof draw ers. A ntiqued, hrass-finished hardware adorns all storage pieces. Set: triple dresser, popular twin mirrors and full/queen headboard. 
M atching 5-draw er chest, regularly $225 .................................. $175 
M atching 2-draw er nightstand, regularly 119.99 .................... 99.H8 
T extured bean pot lamp, 2H high, regularly 39.99 ................ 29.99 

W ARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR HOME FU RNISH ING S 

Decorating on a budget? W H help. 
I JABALI W K l 

M O N T G O M E R Y 

Luxurious rayon velvet sofa with colonial styling. 

Beautiful outline-quilted floral design is center- matched. Arm and individually contoured back pil­ lows are attached: seat cushions reverse for twice the wear. Warm maple-finished hardwood trim and all-around pleated skirt give a finishing touch. 

Add m atching loveseat, reg. .179.99. now only .129.HH 
Rocker, reg. 219.99 ... 219.88: Ottom an, reg. 89.99 ___ 79.88; Sleeper, reg. 549.99 ... 479.88 
$2o-8.4o off tables. Choose f rom 3. Maple and birch solids, veneers: wood products. 
139.99 hexagonal ..119.88. Not shown: 179.99 c o c k ta il 
149.88: 149.99 cabinet . 129.88. 
Great living room values 

 ll 
/cr rn 

A** 

V ii * 

-2^1. 
VI 
:#* 
•rf y 
Jjd r>i 

 r? rf 
% * 

7 y rS. 

-*T: ^ 

I/A> 
-V-% 

I i 
/V 
L-#*‘ 

'Al 

Save 
• Classic sofa in matched floral-striped fabric. 
379s8 

A great beginning for a refined traditional look. Accented by stylish welting, oversize roll arm. all-around skirt. Reversible back and seat cushions of urethane foam give sink-in comfort. 
Loveseat. reg. 379.99 ........329.88 
Com panion chair not shown, 
Wing chair, reg. 279.99 .. .249.88 regularly 249.99 ..................219.88 
$24) off tables. Cocktail, hexagon, or >quare commode. ' 7 o 8 8 
Warm pecan finish on simulated wood: parquet-look tops. 4 2 / each 
Reg 99.99 

J / 
JNJ! in 

Regularly 
449.99 

21 
NEW HOME TO FURNISH? BUY WHAT YOU NEED NOW WITH CHARG-ALL CREDIT 

A roomful of savings. 

Save *5o • Distinctive sofa begins a rich, casual look for your home. Great in town or country settings. 
88 
8o*2 so fa , reg. 349.99 

Carefree, wipe-clean vinyl with brawny hardwood legs in a rich walnut finish. Stay put. attached cushions always look neat. Novel head-roll hacks offer luxurious lounging comfort. Matching tables have simulated wood tops, rugged hardwood legs. 

Matching 45 L loveseat, reg. 2o9.99. 219.88 
Matching recliner, reg. 249.95 ............ 219.88 
Matching chair. reg. 199.99...................1B9.88 
Matching ottoman, reg. 79.95................ 89.88 

Cocktail or entl table, each regularly 99.99...89.88 

/S^otcbgard 

Save *5o 
Your choice of queen-size sleepers in 3 great looks. 

WITH A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 

29988 

Each, regularly 349.99 

* Warm colonial sports a plaid cover of rug­ ged V edra olefin. 6' thick urethane foam cushions reverse for twice the wear. To L b Contemporary’ features soft vinyl fabric with a grained look. Smart button accents on padded arms and back. Easy to clean 85 L. 
o Sm art traditional. Scotchgard -treated nylon upholstery resists spills, stains. 78" L, 
Wards sleeper prices start as low as 229.88 

DECORATING ON A BUDGET? ITS EASIER 

Save now on bedrooms. 

'A ll beds a re unassem bled 
(f).o bedding, rails am i springs extra (n] i s complete a itll m attress, posture board 

Save $1o to $5o 
Exciting combinations with light pine furniture. 
Express your decorating Hair with a group crafted of solid pine and pine veneers. Lam inated plastic tops resist scratches and stains. Center-guided drawers are dustproof. 
o sm all hutch with d o o r 
® la rg e op en hutch 
IBj I-d raw er, 2-door cab in e t 
GD^O" ch est 
© 5 -d raw e r sh irt ch est 
J 36 sin gle d re sse r, like E 

 fin 139.99 m ir r o r 
119.88 
o 199.99 tpl d re sse r .169.88 
o 1 3 9 .9 9 d e sk .............. 119.88 
@ 49.99 c h a i r ..................39.88 

(I 89.99 sm all h utch , 74.88 
[m 139.99 5-dw r ch est, 119.88 si 249.95captain's bed*, 199.88 
© 99.99 tw in bed 
-----79.88 

7Q88 
M 
^ W Your choice 
W 
A thru F. 
Reg. 1o9.99 each. 

Q 79.99 n igh tstan d .. .69.88 

 r 64.99 m irro r ..............54.88 
? 159.99 d b l d r e sse r .129.88 
I 199.99 hunk bed 
.169.88 

Your choice 
A thru E. 

Save $4 to $3o 
Gracefully styled, French 
Provincial furniture. 

 a twin or full size 4-poster bed 
£ lin gerie ch est 
(d sin g le d re sse r 
* p ow d er tab le 
[T la rg e hutch 
Satiny-white finish on hardwoods; gold-tone trim. Mica ria' plastic tops and plastic curved drawer fronts resist mars, stains. 
Other French Provincial pieces on sale. 
OL stu d en t d esk , reg. 119.99 .......................89.88 
o m atch in g ch air, reg. 44.99 .................... 39.88 
Hjsmall m irror, reg. 59.99 ...........................44.88 
Jj n igh tstan d , reg. 69.99 ............................. 49.88 d o u b le d re sse r, reg. 149.99 .................129.88 
Tjtw in full can o p y fram e, reg. 2 2 .9 9 .. .18.88 
’Bedding, canopy, springs, rails extra, unassembled 

WHY WAIT FOR NEW HOME FURNISHINGS? BUY THEM NOW WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT—NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 

 off. N augahydeH vinyl recliners. 

H ab it to 3 
Q Q 8 M 
A d ju sta b le to.4 « |^ Q 8 8 ins ( leans jJZ7 positions Hand lam p cloth 
Ra> some tufting 
Hr* 

139 9 9 
IHM MM 

W ards recliners start as low as 59.88, i 

$5o La-Z-Boy* savings. 

 p C o lo n ia l needs only I 
" from wall for full recline. 

Your choice of stylish swivel rockers in ZE PEL*-treated fabrics. 

Traditional, transition- a1 or colonial with pine- finished hardwood trim each 
Reversible seat cushions. 
Reg. 129.95 

"DuPont's registered tradem ark for its fab rn flu on dizet 

Save now. 

*5o off every La-Z-Boy® recliner in stock. 3 examples: 
1792? 2192? 249 
229.99 

 i Reclina-Rocker with patent­ ed La-Z-Boy features: infinite position back and 3-posit ion footrest. Supple Naugahyde vinyl fabric looks like soft leather, damp-wipes clean. 

269.99 

Vj Nylon tweed Reclina-Rocker. 
ZE PEL protected to resist stains, soil; extends the just- bought look. Patented La-Z-Boy m echanism adjusts to your favorite comfort angle. 

88 
Reg. 
299.99 

Enjoy exclusive La-Z-Boy fea­ tures plus the space-saving benefits of this Early Am eri­ can Wall Recliner . Quaint nylon print fabric; warm maple- finished hardwood trim . 

STRETCH YOUR BUDGET WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT—NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 

ZEPEL 
• OIC ■TAIIX 

 off bedding 

*3o off. 
Sunny 7-pc dinette set. 
13988 

Table has elm-grained plastic laminate top; 6 vinyl-upholstered chairs. 

Regularly 169.99 

Choose innerspring mattress with deep layers of insula­ tion; add torsion-support foundation for total comfort. 
Full-size mattress or foundation, reg. 149.95.............119.88 
Th in-si/e urethane foam set, reg. 259.9o.....................199.88 
Kull-si/e urethane foam set. reg. 299.9o.............. .239.88 
Queen set. innerspring or urethane foam. reg. 349.95. 289.88 
King set, innerspring or urethane foam. reg. 499.95. 389.88 

Twin-nze 
Reg. 129.95 ea. 

Moderate-firm Fairlane bedding gives good sleep support. 

Innerspring m attress or torsion support foundation for relaxing sleep. 
Twin or full bedframe (unassembled>, everyday low price .................... 11.99 
4Q88 

I T T w i nin-tize 
Reg. 59.95 ea. 

ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT—IT S THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR NEW HOME FURNISHINGS 

Extra-firm Americana bedding with colonial print cover. 

$5o off. leg ant 5-pc dinette set. 

You get 36x48" table plus jm 
^ 
12 leaf; 4 vinyl-uphol- 
J 4I Vi®® 

 stem! chairs. ()ak-grain- m m i i t 
« * laminated plast.c top 
Rrgu|. rly 299 99 resists mars, stains. 

Select innerspring or urethane foam mattress, designed for years of restful sleep. Matching foundation, also on sale, gives proper support. Quilted soft-touch cover. 
Full-size mattress or foundation, reg. 119.95 ...............89.88 
Queen-size 2-pe set, reg. 299.95 .....................................219.88 
King-si/e 3-pc set, reg. 379.95 .......................................269.88 
Twin-size 
Reg. 99.95 ea. 

Regai-firm Riviera bedding in elegant damask cover. 

/VU ) N T ( *( )/\A E K Y 

We carry these and other famous fiber brands. 

BAI*! 
ION 
-£mr 

Not sure how to do it? 
Let W ards install it at our famous low prices. 

C U I i m M b ) f o r f o r M 
- b o i « 

Save $5o to $15o on 5o sq.yd. in 16 styles, 135 colors. Here are a few! 
Save *15o 

2o-26% off. 
All Armstrong* tile now in stock priced to go! 

As low 

■ 
Af*, / 
\ as 
. I# v I AO 

Reg. 23c each. 

Carton of 45. reg. 1o.35 .. . 7.65 
S' 
*y'-* 
/ * ; 
Durable, easycare vinyl asbes- 
• tos in colorful decorator styles 
So easy to install, too. 12x12". 
3Iebet1er-quality................ 24 C 
42c press-on Easy-Stikh.. .33c 
52c best Easy-Stik'- 
41c 

Pure luxury! Saxony plush “Calais’’ carpet. 
Durable DacronK polyester pile is heat-set to retain fine pencil-point texture. 
Reg. 1o.99 
In 13 beautiful colors. a q . yd. 
$5o off nylon level-loop. 
For action areas! Rugged level-loop has soft foam back. Lay 'Highwood” yourself, save ..................Reg. 4 99 

HOO off soft foam-back “Ebb Tide.” 
Elegant nylon sculptured shag for use in 
£ J9 9 living room, bedroom, m ore.... Reg. 8.99 
O *q. yd. 
HOO off our lovely new multi-tone. 
Subtle colorations enhance sculptured 
*T99 nylon pile. Ask for "Creston" 
. Reg 9 99 
• »q yd 
HOO off 16 “Nylport” prints, colors. 
Color-rich and so easy to care for in anti- 
*T99 static Anso^ nylon pile............. Reg. 9.99 
4 »q. yd. 
H5o off our popular textured plush. 
Ban-LonH-approved for extra quality. Ny- 
Q 9 9 
Ion pile, 9 colors. "Madrille” ... Reg. 12.99 
^ »q yd 

Soften every step. Use our 
W I s u v w v I* O m alonH carpet cushion. 

Save 2o% 
Never needs wax! Enjoy cushioned vinyl flooring. 
77 
R eg. 3 49 
•q. yd. 

Shine is built-in! Foam core adds walking comfort. Asbestos back—install on any grade floor. Color-bright patterns. 

 ave 18% 

Machine-wash twin spread. 

Channel -quilted cot­ ton/polyester top, polyester fill, woven polyester backing. 
Full size, regularly 31.99...................... 26.88 
Queen size, regularly 35.99................ 3o.88 
King size, regularly 4o.99.................... 35.88 
48x84 draperies, reg. 15.99 pair 
13.88 

Save 36% 
3-D design twin spread. 

Woven polyester/cot- 
Q Q ton machine washes 
I I 
'n' dries. Unusual 
■ 
I Krg l8w colorations 
Full size, regularly 2o.99 ...................... 12.99 
Queen size, regularly 24.99.................. 15.99 
King size, regularly 28.99 .................... 18.99 

2o% savings 
Machine-wash Quilted floral bedsD edspread. quilted 

Polyester/rayon top printed in 12 rich colors—bright as a summer garden. Non-mat fluffy Wardfill* polyester fill, polyester back. Choice of colors. Machine wash, tumble dry, no ironing needed. 
2479 
223 9 

Reg. 3o.99 full. 
Reg. 27.99 twin 

Q ueen size spread, reg. 38.99 ............. 31.19 
King size spread, reg. 44.99..................35.99 
48x84" draperies, reg. 15.99 p a ir 
12.79 

See our complete selection of special order bedspreads 

I 

 r n 
* 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR HOME FURNISHINGS 

 shower curtains! 

Nassau 

“ Spring 
Garden’ 

“ Glass 
Brick” 

Many popular fabric or vinyl styles. 

Surrey' 
Carol 

Encore 
Regularly 4.99 to 23.99 

Dress up your bath! A shower curtain can set the mood in any bathroom. C as­ ual or elegant, formal or frilly. You're certain to find a style and pattern you’ll like at attractive savings. Then comple­ ment that new look with other fine bath accessories from Wards. 

Save $2 to $3 
Wicker-look match-mates have contemporary flair! 
* Wall shelf. M easures i i g 
18x6V d8”h. Reg. 14.99 ll 
B Wastebasket. Nice ac- cent. 15V h Reg. 9.99 
/ 
X Handv scale. Weighs up wyg to 3oo lbs. Reg. 9.99 
# 
X Hamper. Cushioned lid. 
«| / j g 
21xllx26"h. Reg. 19.99 
I O 
Wicker-look in brown or white. 
Save $2 to $5 
Textured vinyl ensemble lends a note of elegance. 

I Oval scale. Easy-to-read l o g dial, 28o-lb cap. Reg. 14.99 
I db 

Ii Basket. An ideal com- plement. 13 "h. Reg. 7.99 
O 
X Hamper. Cushioned top 
21xl44x26"h. Reg. 2o.99 
I / 

 h Space-saver. Extends 
7 6" to 8 6". Reg. 32.99 db f i , i end * in white end colors. bp et r -sever unassembled 

H 

Thirsty bath towels in jacquard or solid colors. 

Your o ^ 9 c h o ic e : 
A r f Keg. 3 99-4.49 

Terry loops for brisk dry-off. Solids 
25x48”. jacquard 24x44 ”. 
2.79 ja cq u a rd hand towel . . . . 2.o9 
3.49 solid hand tow el..................2.49 
M atching w ashcloths on sale. 

Save 23% 
DuPont nylon plush pile 
5-piece bath mat ensemble. 

Ensemble consists of contour mat, round mat. 2-pc tank set, lid cover 
F ash io n c o lo rs— machine wash. dry. 
Waffle latex back 
Reg 12 99 
Bath carpeting to match available. 
Q99 

Reg I 

 i 

Save 25% all sizes. 

“Lisbon” machine-wash, open-weave draperies. 

Reg. $2o 
5ox63 pr. 

• Let in light, yet give privacy 
• Buy and hang them up today 
An outstanding ctisement-wenve drapery with a rich, handloomed look Bulky linen-like threads of rayon polyester cotton blend create a horizontal stript1 on a textured background. Machine w a sh a b le and d ry a b le —no ironing needed Beautiful color selection Some colors are special order. 
5ox84 pair, regularly $22............16.5o 
75x84 " pair, regularly $43 ........... 32.25 
1oox84" pair, regularly $55..........41.25 
125x84 ' pair, regularly $77 ..........57.75 
15ox84 pair, regularly $9o ......... 67.5o 
1oox84 patio panel, reg. $64 ea., 48.oo 
3ox off made-to-length sizes to 1o8 . 

2o% off. 

Wards custom-made woven wood shades. 

Shades in the \Ooods. Choose from a selected assortm ent of decorative shades in many color combinations. 
Order shades in any style, any size 
Woven woods, a versatile accent now at savings you can't resist. Call Wards soon to have our decorator visit your home and show you samples of these wood tones and colored yarns woven in a variety of styles by expert craftsmen. 
Installation available at our regular low price A great value! 
/IA O IV T G O A A E R i 

WHY WAIT FOR NEW 
IOO 

2o% to 4o% savings. 

HOME FURNISHINGS? BUY THEM NOW WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT— NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 

24% off. 

No-iron knitted band cade tier curtains. 

 pr. 
Soft te x tu red blend of ace tate and polyester. 
Brightly colored yarn loop stripes, white background 
Machine wash and dry. 
48x36 pr, reg. 6.99 ... .5.24 
48x45 pr, reg. 7.99 ... .5.99 
11x72 val. reg. 3.99 ...2.99 

Reg. 6.' 
48*3o 
Wards made-to-measure draperies—a perfect fit. 

Bring your measurements for any size window to Wards. Chitose from a wide selection of styles, fabrics and colors. Order draperies lined, un­ lined or extra full, if desired Fan- folded to hang in uniform pleats with 
4-inch weighted bottom hems. Come in and see our m ade-to-m easure drapery sample display. 

Fabrics for custom- made home furnishings. 

Call Wards soon. Our decorator will visit you and show you swatches for draperies, bedspreads, slipcovers, more. Choose from over 15oo color and fabric combinations. Well take measurements, advise you and give you a free estim ate. O ur expert craftsmen will do the rest. Labor and installation at regular prices. 
Call for Custom 
Shop-at-Home service. 

IIM ll “ uh a a 
7 7 7 7 x ji i t 
WNI*** t 5 
MfMI * f 

24% off. ‘Wendi” open-weave cades. 

Add a crisp, young look to your windows. Ma­ chine washable, dryable acetate polyester—no ironing. Bright sunny colors with matching cafe rings. Not all colors available in all stores. 

48x3o pr, reg. 6.99, 5.24 • 48x36 pr, reg. 7.49, 5.62 
48x45 pr, reg. 8.49, 6.37 
Valance, reg. 3.99, 2.99 

4.87 

K e g 
6 
• 
A Q . . O A 
Reg. 6.49 
48x24 pr 

•IOO off stately clocks. 

>219 
Regularly $319 

Rich chimes increase each quarter hour and strike the hour. Good- looking cabinet constructed of cherry veneers, hardwood solids and simulated wood components. 
Tempus fugit" dial. glass doors 

Elegant grandfathers clocks with fine westminster chimes. 

Save $1oo 

1 Weight-driven West 
German movement. 

Save $1oo 

* Our finest...with all-wood cabinet. 
>399 
Regularly $499 

West German movement and melo­ dious westminster chimes. Hand­ some cabinet of pecan-finished hard­ woods and veneers. Moving moon- phase dial. With chime silencer and two protective glass doors. 

*5o to *1oo off all other grandfather clocks in stock. 
12G 

 rn 

Save *2o. Exercise bike with sturdy, all-welded frame. 

Speedometer, odometer. 
Enclosed chain guard, tensioncontrol. Ball-bear­ ing pedal mechanism. 64“ 
Reg. 84.99 

Save *5 • Shower massagers. 
'99 j Q99 
Reg. 22.99 i f Reg. 14 99 

Hand-held unit. 
Wall-mounted. 

Helps relax those tired, aching muscles 
Adjust for pulsating, regular spray. 
H andheld. 4 sprays, reg. 28.99........ 21.88 
Wall unit. 4 sprays, reg. 18.99.............13.99 

Save *2o. Wards lightweight, portable whirlpool, so soothing. 
99 
Aerators vary bubble in­ tensity. Nozzles direct water flow barge handle 
Our deluxe whirlpool mot shown) with 
8o-min. timer. Regularly 119.99 ... .89.88 

R*g. 
99.99 

■ H 
H 

Save *1o 

Baker’s rack plant stand. 
24“34.99 

Rustic wrought iron- look steel construc­ tion. Roomy shelves allow you to create a real showcase !<>r all your favorite plants and knickknacks 
25x12x65 h 

Pl anta. K c c i i o n e i t i l r a 

/IAONTOOAAER m b 

2o-33% off lamps. 

Enjoy brilliant savings on fine decorator lamps. 

LET WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT HELP STRETCH YOUR DECORATING BUDGET 

©Striking flicker flame. Candle lan- 
O tern base creates a rustic mood. 
* 3 * / Re* 
4899 
©Country style. Fruitwood finish, 
O A99 brass-look accent bands and base. 
2 / Re* 
49 99 
© Contemporary look. Gleaming chrome, 
O A 9 9 brass-look accents. Pleated shade. 
M « / Re* 
39 99 
©Textured bean pot..Versatileceram- 
OQ99 ic lamp in popular natural colors. 
M c / Re* 
39 99 
©Pharmacy floor lamp. Smart styl- 
OA99 mg in chrome or brass-look finish. m c / Re* 
39 99 
©Traditional. Hand-blown optic glass. 
I A99 
Brass-finished base. 3 colors. 
X c / Re* 
29 99 
Ward* has lamp shades, regularly priced, 2.99 to 26.99 

® 
3o h 

Special buy. 
23-channel mobile CB with deluxe features. 

79“ 

• Delta fine tuning control 
• Pushbutton ANL, high-low tone 
• Handy lighted S/RF power meter 
• PA/variable squelch control 
Value. Wards personal- size 12-in. diagonal TV. 

1oo^ solid state. l " 7 f \ 8 S 
Easy-carry handle. 
I H 
19' diag. bw, sale, SUH. ... 
, . 
W ard* low p rice. 

$5o off. Sounds great. 
Contemporary console stereo lets you record on 8 track. 
26988 

Regularly 319.95 

Hear music the way you like it best. 
Listen to AM/FM/FM-stereo. play records on the fully-automatic chang­ er. or record and play tapes on the 
8-track recorder. Choose from white or wood-gramed vinyl-clad cabinets. 

2127 
Great buy. 

Stereo with tape player. 
AM/FM/FM-stereo,8- ^ ^ track, record/chang- h* | er. Simulated wood 
X § 
Ward* low price. 

THAT BIG PURCHASE CANT WAIT? APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT NOW 

$5o to $14o off color TVs. 
Big 25" diagonal console TV is 1oo% solid state. 

Regularly 669.95 

I-button Auto Color tuning retrieves preset color, tint, contrast, brightness settings 
AFC locks in signal for strongest reception 
UKF "click” tuning—it's as easy as VHF 
Twin speakers deliver rich, deep sound 
Mediterranean-styled simulated wood cabinet 
Simulated reception on all TVs shown. 

17227 

12927 

Wards expert service available nationwide. 

$5o off 19-in. diagonal TV. 
34988 

2 pushbuttons adjust color «nd tint levels, 
AFC. Plastic cabinet. 
19 ' diag. color. $268. 
Regularly 399.95 

126o 

* > 

 r* 

Zigzag machine for family sewing needs. 
Q 88* 
V v 
W ards low price. 
Sews forward, reverse. 
‘Head only Needs op­ erating control, extra 

IL 

< # < • 

 i 

( $ 

132o 

Great buy. 

Our open-arm zigzag makes sewing easy. 
11988 
JL J L 
Wards low price. 

• Open arm lets you sew cuffs, pant legs without a struggle 
• 2 stretch stitches for knits 
• Built-in blindhem stitch 
• Pushbutton forward, reverse 
• With foot control, access. 
■Mar 

SAVE NOW AT WARDS LOW PR1CES-N O MONEY DOWN ON WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT. 

17196 

I-button Auto 
Color console. 

8 8 
399 

W ard* low p rie r 

19" diagonal TV is a real space saver Easy UHF 
"click'' tuning 
Simulated wood. 

/m o isn rciO A A E K V 
Hi VAI U I J 
ISH 

Big $13o savings now. 

Deluxe 21.4-cu.ft. top-mount refrigerator. All-frostless. 

• You’ll never defrost 
• 6.6-cu.ft. freezer 
• 7-day meat keeper 
• 2 produce crispers 
• Attractive smoked- 
• 3 adjustable shelves glass-look interior 
• Adjustable rollers 

17-cubic foot top-mount (not shown) now $348 

Your choice. 
4.1 Q88 

Full-featured 2o.1-cubic foot side-by-side refrigerator. 

• Ifs all frostless 
• 6.54-cu.ft. freezer 
• 7-day meat keeper 
• Full-width crisper 
• Smoked-look accents • 2 dairy compartments 
• 4 adjustable shelves 
• Adjustable rollers 

19.9-cu.ft. side-by-side (not shown) now $398 

No extra charge for color now. Expert service nationwide. 

Automatic ice maker. 
You'll never run out of ice cubes again. Optional, ex­ tra for both models. 

WARDS CHARO-ALL CREDIT IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR NEW APPLIANCES 

S56S 
Deluxe freezers. 
Special buy on upright. $6o off chest model. 
Your choice. 

15-cubic foot upright. 4 shelves help organize food; interior light helps you find it easily. Built- in safety lock and key keep food locked in. kids out. 
Pull-out drawer holds bulky roasts and poultry. 
Cold control adjusts. Defrost drain. 
15-eu. ft. chest, reg. 3o9.95 T hinw all foam insulation for maximum freezing space and low energy consumption. Basket keeps soon-to-be-used items handy. Interior light. Balanced lid. Key-lock. 
Adjustable cold control. Defrost drain. 
Ward* 5-cubic foot com pact chest freezer, now $169. 94Q88 

OOO off. 
Your choice: Wards 3o electric or gas range with easy-to-clean oven. 

Electric range has auto, cook'n’off self-cleaning oven—set it, forget it. 
O ther ranges low as $199. 
Regularly 429.95 

4356 

329s8 

*7o off. 

Wards m icrowave oven with automatic defrost cycle—cooks great meals fast! 
6oow cook power, deluxe 
A 
S i fit cooking guide, timer. 
Oven carts low as 24.95. 
M i 

W ards ovens low as $158. 
R egularly 319.95 

Expert service nationwide. 
M O N T G O M E R Y ihVi} M ll 
IJJ 

$1oo off. 2o-lb team! 
Big washer, dryer do 2 loads in I. 

6oo5 

Big buy. 
O ur 3-cycle w asher has 3 tem p com bos. 

O L 
. 
__ 
W a r d , p r i e r 
Short pro- 
^ wash. regu- 
I I V J lur cycles. 
• • 
W a rd * d ry e r* fro m $119. 

* >. 

HK! 
6427 

12 w ash c y c le s for d elicate s to permanent-press. 

Witer level control saves water, deter­ gent on small loads. 

Vhp motor is designed for long life. 

8-cu.ft. drum — more tumble room, less wrinkling. 

W rin k le-o u t control features 
"no heat" tumble after dry cycle. 

J '((((DRY )))> 

Auto. dry- control takes guesswork out of drying. 

 it 

7427 

2QQ88 
■ ■ r f 
Reg. 359.95 
2-speed, pushbutton washer. 
O Q Q 88 

Reg. 279.95 

ISA 

6-cycle, pushbutton dryer. 

• Choose tem perature settings from high to air fluff 
• Automatic dry' control cycle shuts off dry er only after your clothes are completely dry—saves energy 
• Special autom atic dry setting for perm anent-press 
2o-lb gas dryer, regularly 3o9.95, now only 269.88 
No extra charge for color now. 
Expert service nationwide. 
NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED ON APPLIANCES WHEN YOU USE YOUR WARDS CH ARG-ALL 

• Energy-saving washy rinse cycle cut hot w ater use 
• 4 speed and 4 w ash/rinse tem perature com binations 
• Automatic bleach and fabric conditioner dispensers 
• Off-balance load com pensator • Built-in lint filter 
• Heavy -duty transm ission • Handy front servicing 

Save $75 

48x66 vinyl family booth for den or dining area. 
Scratch-resistant top. Table lifts up $324 for easy cleaning. 
Copper or lime. 
Regularly $399 
$76 off other stork size booths. 
15'/ off all our eustom booths. 
I 

Save *17 
Easy-to-install 
A B S plastic tub wall kit. 
7 9 88 

Reg. 96.95 
Stain- and fade-re­ sistant finish won t mildew, crack or peel. In white, gold, blue, beige, olive. 3 pre-cut panels. 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR HOME IMPROVEMENTS 

 off cabinets 
Salem Square" adds Early American styling to kitchen or family room 

Makeyour home a showplace with our Early American doors and drawers for quiet closing. Beautifully wood veneer cabinets. They're built to last with sturdy detailed hardware completes the fine furniture styling hardwood frames and styled with rich oak veneer of this rustic look. Countertop, sink, fittings extra, center panels. Self-closing door hinges and felt pads on 
Make our Early American your latest look. 

Wards better 2o bathroom vanity. 

M Reg. 86.95 

White or walnut-finished wood veneer. Full piano hinge door. 
Unassembled; faucets extra. 
2o hi-back, reg. 93.95 .. .74.88 
24 2-door, reg. 121.95 .. .94.88 
3o 2-door. reg. 148.95 . .119.88 
$18 off 2o vanity. OQ88 
Our lowest price. Per- o 2 7 feet for *mall baths 
Reg. 57.95 
Not shown. 
A ntiqued brass-plated hardw are. 
Installation available at our re w price 

Don’t miss these values! 

$X/*' 

Actual merchandise nun 
I vary from illustration. 
Special buy. 
Wards AC/battery multi-band radio. 

4 9 8 8 

AM FNI. CB. high pub­ lic service, weather, aircraft. SNV I. SW 2. 
With time zone map 

2o% off. 

All juvenile 

 furniture in stock. 

Our Home Security Sale. 
o® Deadbolt locks have full I-in. throw and hardened steel pins. 

® Single cylinder, key outside, turn knob inside. Antique brass finish. 
Double cylinder, reg. 18.49..'...........9.24 
S Single cylinder, key outside, turn knob inside. Bright brass finish. 
Double cylinder, reg. 17.99................8.99 
E Reg. 1.69 laminated steel padlock. 2 keys, 84‘ 
® Reg. 4 99 window sash lock installs easily, 2.49 
UL Reg. 6.99 2oo -wide angle door viewer 
3.49 
UL 6.99 patio door lock for extra protection, 3.49 

Save $6 
Electric digital with snooze alarm. 

Unassembled. 

128®. 
Reg 18 99 

Bold lighted display. 
W ood-tone digital, reg. 19.99............. 14.88 

1/2 price. 
Sturdy pecan-Iook 
3-shelf bookcase. 
1 o S S 
1 
^ 
Reg 39 99 
Vinyl veneer over wood products. 

Save $1o 
Our mirror-door bath space-saver. ic e s 
I U 
R .f 25.99 
Sty bsh storage. Tension poles extend 7 6"-8'6". 

Unassembled. 

Steel storage cabinets. 

I Versatile shelf cabinet. 5 shelf spaces. 2ox12x6o"h. White. 
3 Shelf cabinet, appliance colors. 
Storage in doors. 24xl3x6o 'h. 
GO Hardwood top base cabinet. 
Drawer. 2 shelf spaces. 24x2ox36"h. 
® "Country Look" wardrobe. 
Large capacity. 36x19x63 "h. 
Fully assembled except for handles and backsplash 

Special buy. 

Clear vinyl runner protects carpet. 

 run. ft. 
Great for action areas 
—stairs, hallways. 
Cleated. 27” wide. 
Lim it 2o running foot. 

BE SURE TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CARD ALONG—IT’S THE MOST CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 

One-stop shopping? That’s our specialty. 

San Antonio, Texas 

2oH 

Wonderland Mall 
Fredericksburg Road at Hillcrest 

McCreless Mall 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 

Windsor Park Mall 
I. H. 35 N. at Walzem 
Road 
IWrrfa 
1 

M 

 s 
' 
* 

EXPRESS NEWS 
Si MHY 
Page I 
February 6. 1977 m a g a z i n e 

IIM 11 itll ii nil m i C 
I 

SLS 

It: % -S. 

 yfr*' 
Jf 

' v t , 2 ? r w 

. 
-. a 
I . '' 
J 
Uke a graceful catamaran ski! waters. Southern California’s famed Pacific Coast way gently embraces the water’s edge’ unfolding along what is, perhaps, the world’s most beautiful coastline v 
“Highway One” , as it is officially designated, is one of 
•the state’s oldest highways. lh ‘ 
• The two* la ne road joins Southern California just south of 
Big Sur at Hearst Castle and meanders .*175 miles south ward. finally ending at California's Mexican border. 
From Hearst Castle at San Simeon, the road is often lined with grand pine trees. Any visitor interest«*d ut a day’s exploration will want to visit Hie castle, owned by publishing s William 
Randolph 

HW ( filii. 
I 

I 

•ii 

... 

WIK rn ‘rfflK t%? 
»r f. n i * 7 lf, 

"lite, 

I Sf*‘ 

SMM 

o > « L 

PAGE 2 
EXPttSS NIMS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Feb A, 1977 

In a Cuban mood 

 w o rb e d on in*' p o e try 
Him I)l! a p o rt ll) C u b a th o u g h , d i d n ’t m e a n w riting ami Ih»*n Imping; ii w o u ld be p u b lis h e d soniew here. 
“ In C u b a we e i t h e r wrote poetry or m ad e it up OM the in sp iral ion of 
I he unum ut. I don t know what it was. m ay b e tin* 

O 
C _ : 

 ll you tfet stu ck iii t lit* live o ’clock rush 

 o h i o W e d n e s d a y , p u n c h 1)4o on th e AM r a d i o d ia l a n d d r i l l h a c k to tin* d a y s of pre-C astro Cuba. 
Niter tun ini? in the station die e ar will Iii! with so u n d s of s w a g g e r in g t r u m p e ts p lay in g m am b o m elod ies to the driving rh y th m s of conga and bongo drum s. 
O c c a s io n a lly a d is c jockey will even break i i i lo recite a |M*em about Ins native land or a n y th in g ls»* that inspires him at the m om ent. 
And w h ile R a d lo K F- 
D .V s l is te n e r s may lo* th an k fu l for th e re sp ite from the usual hard-new s radio featured at 5 p i i i . the m an wet ti im the big- 
?est kick out of the show is s ittin g in the control 
I xxi 11) at the radio station 
.lust talk in g about the radio show b rin es a wide m ile to tin* d a rk ly t a n n e d fa ce of \ ic to r 
C.uerra, form erly of H a­ vana, but now very m uch part of San Antonio. lak e most of his coun­ trym en, who now n um ber m ore than I .IMMI in San 
A n to n io , ( l u e r r a s a y s h e ’s found a hmm* here that suits his lait in soul. 
A nd th o u g h he o fte n e m b ra ce s San Nipomo iii an original poem lie r e ­ c it e s d u r i n g Ins p r o ­ g ra m , ( lu erra says he is a Cuban and will always rem ain one in 
Ins heart and that s the reason for the show. 
.lust like the yearn in g p e o p le get for c e r t a i n foods that re m in d them of som ething. Cuban ears often y e arn to h e a r the crack of a hand striking a conga d ru m , (lu e rra e x ­ plains. 
To so m e lis te n e rs the d iffe re n c e b e tw ee n C u ­ ban and Tex-Mex m usic m ay be in d is ti n g u i s h a ­ ble, but to San Antonio s 
Cubans the difference is about the sam e as biting into a ta m a le and th en 
C u b a n b a r b e c u e 
— th e r e s no d o u b t ab o u t wb at's what. 
P ointing Pi one of the worn a lb u m s In* uses on his show, the bey ear-old m an explains, “ Nil of the rhythm s which m ake up 
( ubun musk* t am e from 
Africa vv it Ii the slaves 
"I guess all the m u sh I play could Im* called tro ­ pical. b e ca u se it co m e s fro m tro p ic a l c o u n trie s aud m a k e s you pain) trees, tin* and tin* people. plains iii ( nban , 
Spanish 
B e s id e s p la y in g th e t r a d i t i o n a l 
C u b a n rh y th m s based on m um - 

I m is and i ha d ia s . (lu erra s p ic e s his show vv it h a n e w e r s t r a i n (if I.at iii m u sic called salsa — a natural (avo! tit with bis 
Puerto Hit an listeners 
The im|Mtrtanee of the show to t a rib b e an -tx trn listeners is sim ple to ex­ p lain 
H alf d o s i n g his eyes. (lu erra says, “ The m u s ic m a k e s you r e ­ m e m b e r very m u c h jtMiut C uba ami the way life used to Im* 
F o r ( l u e r r a th a t lite included a hodgepodge ut c a r te r s which he c arried on sim u ltan eo u sly 
M ur­ ing the days. bt* w orked as a s h o e m a k e r anti at night look his place in the suxaphoiic s e d u m "I the o rc h e s tra s which played in H as a n a s c lu b s a n d casinos 
In tretwcen shoes and 
1 m u s ic m a k in g , ( l u e r r a 

 w eather or the moon. hut it s e e m e d like a Itll of 
Cubans had a natural ta- lent for it,” he explains. 
S o m e of th e p o e m s 
( l u e r r a r e c i t e s on Ins program are ones he has m ade up since com ing to 
Nnicrica. but the m ajo ri­ ty of the ones he w rites are still about Cuba. 

Y on n e v e r lo se I he hope to som eday return. 
I d s s o m e t h i n g y o u ’ll nev c r It t t i l e , ” he e x ­ plains. 

'N our c o u n try is like y o u r m o t h e r , ” ( l u e r r a odds and then repeats the p h rase again for e m p h a ­ sis 

 nfp/ttaiwnpnf 
Q [w l 

I Ii H I H I. / I U l t I, lobbed die cont n il- al l( 
KUDA (15 MI A Al). 
|ir* s4 ii|s a weekly “bow o f Cuban lunes anti ooctrv. I lie NA i dn< “da\ jflertKMOl -bow k a favorite til I Mid.id Mio’- more Ilian I .(HH! native 
( n b a n *. 

Bread is back: 
No more loafing 

•k-KhA* % 
, IS * I V * 
M u 
U M 1*»“ * San. 
* Vin 

T ild e ore telltale signs wilt ii you art startin g to age rn this business < > ie is when von I< ali/e that the reunion of som e little pop group that put oui som e Int tunes a while hack is, tor m an y , a 
Nostalgic Ka cut, 
I d id n t e v e n know lliev m ad e any nostalgia in WTT Hut that rn the only explanation for the fact that 
Un* return of 
B read is a significant m usical happening 
Ah, yes. Bread. They were part of that golden e r a ut p o p u la r m u s ic 
Irmo I‘t72 to 11(7A 
As that historical age lades into the past, its contributions to the arts will live on forever. 
T hat vv as ab o u t tin* tune Helen (teddy put out the epic “ I Nm W om an 
(H ear Me H oar) 
VVhat- c v e r h a p p e n e d to old 
Helen? SomelMMly should liMik her up. Stic is p ro ­ bably a sw eet little old lady now. 

Bread was no sm all part of that wild, won­ derful tim e. AA ho could fo rg e t 
“ B a b y , 
I ’m -A 
W ant 
Y o u '” ’ 
F o r countless num liers. tin* music died that fateful day in *7-i when B read broke up 

Wi l l . , Ii:A I) 
Singer 
David d a te s , who went solo, vv as n e v er u n ite able lo r e c a p tu r e th e magic that was B read 
So atter ail absence of. oh. m o n th s 
B re a d 
Is tuck together again with a new a l b u m , 
“ I."st 
W it flout 
N o u r l.ov • 
( Kirkli n ) 
It b rin g s h ack e v e r ­ ything that B read m eant to so many The fat! that some ol the sounds and sentim ents are now a bit dated only serves to re­ mind u- ol the innocence we lost when we inst 
Bread r a k e th e s o n g “ T o ­ day v Tin I irs! May (Of 
Tin* Hest of \ our Fife I 
K e in e lllb e r that'.’ 
It ’n from a jfoster 
K e m c m b e r p o s t e r * ’’ 
They wen* sort of like* 
T-shirts only they were m ade out of paper and von put tin rn on the 
A ill 
Ne tuallv, it would take a pretty low tv p* ;» r-on to dislike B read 
I Heirs is a hic* soft rock sound w h o n c o m p te m en is 
(■ate- nice soft rock vo­ c a l' 
Ile also doc s som e moody k e y b o a rd w ork which si is inst the right tone d a te s aud Hie rest of the group. Larry Knvch* 
I d 
J a m e s c.riHin and 
\tik« B o tt', art* all tech ­ nical! • excellent studio m u sicia n s 
T h a i s how 
I hi v got to g eth er ii* Uh 

Playback 

Hy 'h n 'l M c N a lly 

 s m o o t h a n d p l e a s a n t w ithout g ettin g sic k e n ­ ing a Im nit it like some peopk* I could name. 
Slid, there is som eth­ ing about all this co m ­ m e rc ia l n ice n es s. The so n gs are catchy and all. tint then so is “ Plop. 
Plop. Fizz, F izz.” 

IH F TITI.ES of som e songs sound like other hit songs. “ Hooked ON 
Y ou" and “ Fly Away," for instance. They arc* not those other songs. 
Ouilc. 
“ O u r 
L a d y of Sor- row s" is one of those s o n g s a b o u t a fa lle n ideal It ta n Ik* a certain w om an, a c o u n try , a n ­ ything that list'd to m a t­ ter. 
“ S he’s T he Only O n e" and “C hange Of H e art" 
(co m p lete with can n ed s e a s h o r e s o u n d s fro m 
Chicken of lilt* Sea) are good solid ro m an tic bal­ lads 
It is a very nice way for 17 y ear olds lo re ­ c ap tu re their lost youth 

ANDREW (.OI I) has h a d a r e p u t a t i o n for s o me * t i m e a s 
L in d a 
H o l i s t a d t ’s s e c re t wea- 
|M)ii. Ills guitars, d r u m ­ m in g a n d k e y b o a r d s have provided m uch ol the* setting for lier rec c lit successes. 
W ith h is s e c o n d a t ­ tem pt at a solo album, 
“ W h a t s W r o n g AA it Ii 
This P ictu re ? " (K ick - 

Ira), lie successfully de­ m o n s t r a t e s th a t 
In hasn t bec u oversold 
His own low-key re- v lew of I he album is that 
“ most of it is iii ave rage loudness mixed iii with some very loud bits and then it ge ts softer." 
He c alls it a m ixture of r o c k /ia /// tolk, country/ soul and classical/ raga. 

“ Of course, we can't forget 
Hie lilac k fools m ixed i i i w ith inst a sprinkle of John Philip 
Sousa m a rc h e s ami then you stir all this in with a fork." 
That was geM*d enough for m e So was his revi­ val of great *HOs rock like 
"D o Wall M iddy“ and 
“ S ta y ” au d a q u ie te r o ld ie . “ L e a r n in g T h e 
( ’.am e ," 
He adds som e m odern rh y th m s lei “ S tay." lint sings the word "ti yi-yi- y im e " inst like he is supposed to. 
Othe r excellent newe*r s o n g s a r e 
“ P a s s i n g 
T h i n g ” a n d 
" O n e of 
T h em Is Me*." T he al­ bum is a show case of 
('•old's talents and tlie*re* are m any to show. 

OF ALL the signs that a c a r e e r is n e a r i n g an encl, prof va lily one of the most public is to Im* p ic k e d by 
P e o p le 
M ag azin e as a sig n ifi­ cant social force. 
C. 
W 
McCall and 
I have I m ' c i i through a lot together. 
I lu s t w roll* about him , and even r e ­ vealed Ins tru e identity. back before he even bael a CB radio. 
!l<iwe*ve*r, 
“ B u b b er 
D uck" (Polyd or) show what it m e a n s to tic- a novelty aet. N novelly is a short-lived phenomen­ al! 
McCall is a talk-singer win* has riot out "I things to talk about 
I h e n are a couple of g o o d li ne s , but Ille*st of 
It 
I s 
Hist ratchet jaw 

 tam 
C. w . M c C a l l mostly rotchetjow. 
.On th e Records______ 
C O M .I ilO l f BIUbOAMO MI* w A X IMI 

Top IO Singles 
Top IO Album s 

Classical 
Record 
Review 
Offenbach’s gay Paree 

By D W ID ANTHONY R IC H ELIEU 
If you have a sense of musical his­ tory, then Angel has a record for you. 
It, however, i> a lieu recording of Offen­ bach’s (iaito Parisienne not one of those 19*24 re-issues. 
But it is not so much the music or the performance that is historic, but who is per­ forming it. 
U n til 19:57, no such piece as G aitc Pa- risienne existed even though Offenbach himself died in Paris in ISHO. 
Impetus for the piece came from the Rus­ sian Ballet Company of Monte Carlo which wanted a new work to be set in Paris in its most splendid period — the Second Empire. 
It was originally commissioned to conduc­ tor Roger Desormiere to take selections from 
Offenbach’s various works and blend them into an organic whole for a ballet composi­ tion since the m usic of O ffenbach best represented the period of the Second E m ­ pire. 
Desormiere could not get it together at all and turned to his long-time friend, composer and conductor Manuel Rosenthal, student at the Paris Conservatoire and conductor of the 
Paris Symphony and other musical aggre­ gations. 
Rosenthal jumped into the task with baton in one hand and pen in the other to take 
.sections of Offenbach’s most popular oper­ ettas and arrange them around a story line centered at the popular T ortoni Cafe on 
Boulevard of the Rations in Paris. 
The “ plot” concerns the parade of patrons and their interplay with the personnel of the establishment There is an overture from La 
Vie Parisienne, a polka here, waltzes there and a concluding cascade of can-cans from 
“ Orpheus in the Underworld." 
Rosenthal then wrote two Offenbach-style interludes of his own to bridge various sec­ tions of the ballet together. 
The result was a trium ph despite an in i­ tially bad reaction from Leonide Massine, the choreographer for B allet Russe. His mind was changed by — get this — Igor 
Stravinsky, who was still basking in glory from the Parisian performance of “ The Rite of S p rin g .’ ’ S tra vin sky liked G aite Pa­ risienne and told Massing so. 
The grand rehearsal of Gaite Parisienne was no less auspicious In the audience were 
Matisse sketching aw av on his pad and Sal­ vador Bali, who didn’t even have his famous moustache to twitch yet. 
The rest is history, of course. The work is a sparkling showpiece of gaiety , frivolity and promiscuity — as opposed to outright lewd­ ness. 
The attraction of this new Angel release 
(S-372o9» is that none other than Manuel 
Rosenthal is conducting none other than the 
Monte Carlo Opera Orchestra. 
It is a full, warm and energetic rendition of this famous and fabulous ballet. 
While it may lack some of the percussive spectaculars of our long-favorite rendition 
(Circa 19591 by Fiedler and the Boston Pops, the new recording is certainly the artistic equal overall of any recording ever made of the entire ballet. 
And there is a significant sprinkling of history to go along with the simply delightful rampings through the Offenbach repertoire. 
[ 
" 
The Best of San Antonio 
SUNDAY m ag azin e 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BO X 2 1 7 1 , S A N A N T O N IO , 7 8 2 9 7 
2 2 5 - 7 4 ll EXT. 3 22 
PHON THE C O V E M H 

C a lifo rn ia ’ s great coast highw ay leads 
SUNDAY Magazine this week with a salute to the G olden G ate S tate. C a lifo rn ia 's mixture of mountains, seashore and varied cultural backgrounds is a source o f vaca­ tion enjoyment to millions annually. Cover design by Ron S trait. C olor design and graphics by Express-News Display A rtist 
Linda Case 

Knock, 
Knock, 
Knockin’ 

There’s more at M arket Square than M exican curios and grapefruit. And one o f the most interesting shops is De Medina 
Studios, selling antique doors and windows. 
The shop finds the doors at buildings that are being torn down, and com pletely refinishes them. Some are lovely stained glass works, and most have ornate wood carving. 
The studio also does custom work. A design you create can be recreated in stained glass and placed in a door or window. 
The studio also makes doors and windows with leaded glass. 

Antique Doers and W indows /De M edina Studios /- 
M arket 
Square/SI 4 
W . 
Commerce/ 
2 2 3 * 6 4 5 o / O p e n seven d ays 1 1- 5; som etim es closed M ondays. 

Park It 

Yvonne Hawn searched tw o years for an o ld -fash ion ed park bench she could put in her back yard. W hen she finally found one, it occurred to her that others m ight like them too. 
So Hawn founded the H olly Bench 
Co. She imports the aluminum cast­ ings fo r the 
C h a rle s to n 
B a tte ry benches, has the w oodw ork done locally and assembles them herself. 
The aluminum doesn't rust, and the benches are c o m p le te ly w e a th e r­ proofed. They've proved popular w ith designers, architects and builders, but individuals can buy them also. 

Charleston 
Battery 
Benches 
/Holly Bench C o ./San Anto­ n io / 8 2 6 .7 5 2 3 . 

Who Can 
You Turn To? 

The trouble with m aking consumer complaints is that often you d o n 't know who you should com plain to. 
Randall I. Voight has helped solve that problem with his book “ People 
P ow er," a consumer action guide that lists the address and telephone numbers o f public agencies from the U. S. Supreme Court and the W hite House on down to the San A ntonio O ffice o f Consumer A ffairs. 
In addition to an index there is an introduction telling in detail how to use the book. And the publishers welcome comments from users about how to improve later editions. 

4’People Pow er” /By Randall L. Voight/International Research 
A 
E v a lu a tio n / 7 3 2 5 
H um b old t Ave. 
South, M p ls ., 
M N 
5 5 4 2 3 / $ 5 .9 5 . 

U M H SS NWS SUNDAY WAC AZIMI ~ f *b A, 1977 f ACI ) 

 c jd c ir d s o a ja n o 

BARRY MEYER 
29o7 Marlborough Dr. 
CHURCHILL HIGH SCHOOL 
Barry M eyer was recently named valedictorian of His class of HOO seniors, having attained a perfect 4.o average. 
He has received year-end scholastic awards in typing as well as nine enriched courses: English ll and III, Chem istry I, Algebra IV , V and V I, 
Spanish III, Physics Land elementary m athem atical analysis. 
The son of Dr. and Mrs. George G. M eyer took first place in University 
Interscholastic League practice meet at John Ja y in sophomore general math, as well as trigonometry at Jefferson’s meet. Other contest awards in­ clude Algebra II, Alam o District Countil leachers of M athem atics; 
Algebra ll and calculator, U IL practice meet; Concrusos H isp an ics; se­ quences and series, limits and derivatives and calculus, Alam o Heights; logs and exponents and trigonometry, Jefferson; and best student competition, 
Jay. He was also nominated for a National Council of Teachers of English cit at ion. 
President of C hurchill’s National Honor Society, Barry is a mein lier of the National Spanish Honor Society, American Field Service, Bridge Club and a bow ling league. H e received the O ptim ist’s Youth in Medicine award. 
He is currently working daily at the University of Texas Health Science 
Center, neurosurgery division, doing serotonin!! assays and measuring intra* cranial pressure in primates bv means of an induction-powered oscillating transducer. Other research includes neuro-pathways in cats. Barry served as a volunteer iii the U T H S C the past two summers. 
Hobbies include medicine, neurosurgery, photography, mathematics, science, computer science, horseback riding, American Indians, reading 
Agatha Christie mysteries, swimming, golf, tennis and bowling. 
He would like to study medicine and neurosurgery at Stanford University. Barry will soon lie honored by the Optimist Club of San Antonio. 

 c:ONt IRATUL ATKINS. 

ITC’s living exhibits 

Institute of Texan Cultures, llemis- 
Fuir Plaza, wants you to know the h i s t o r y and tradition of tortilla mak­ ing, as some lune said, up close and personal. 

And that goes for Texas folklore. 
Southern folk stings and 19th Century loom \\ea\ inj» too. 
Mtou'ether, the four specialities are produced in the form of “ Ihin^ exhi­ 

 bits 
Craftsmen on the scene to i n s t r u c t Institute visitors on lite m id­ p o i n t s of each activity. 
Tortilla history and making is the latest in tin1 series and is currently in progress in ITI "s Mexican-American section. 
Hours at ITC are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.. 
Tuesday through Sunday 
Closed 
Monday. 
Information is available at 226-7651 

HERB FARM 
TIA IF 

Black Sun herb Farm 
RC 15 Box 23oK 
San Antonio .Texas 
6 1 5 - 8 2 .7 8 

 nia<'icoll\ rail- Ii* mind iii** Orient.it herb \* hn-e lender leu ie- h a ir been dried and prepared tor centure-, but it eau al-** refer I n m ain other frau rail I herb- traditionally ti-ed a- ""tea*". 

Vt 
111.lek Sun Herb Farm we lune o u r I Att ber ba I and < Iii- 

 i i *•—«* tea- and r o l l e r -iib-lilute- 
—neb a- roa-ted barley, chicory, dandelion ;md lloa-lam ina V|n- elui s |iire. 

 ll l o u i e 
H e x e r m inx rd tile plc.i-.tiil anil -nmelinie- exotic 
Ila x or- of llir I rat I i I i< ti i ii I lea- iii the world come -ce i i - . Barb ara and 
Hnecn 
\xerx. 
Black 
Sun 
Herb 
Farm , ii unique ami bi-torir landm ark. 

North Star Mall 
RODEO TIME! 

Come on out , y al I, to North Star Mall fur a week of excitin' Rodeo Shows. 
February 8 & 9, set yer sights on the 
World 
Championship Horseshoe Pitchin' 
Stars. 
Darin' gunslingers will "clear the streets" just fer you Feb. 1o, 11,& 12. And on Saturday, Fe!). 12, there'll also he a hot time in the mall with Square Dancing the sounds of Tooter Ripps& the Branded Men, and purty Rhiana Post Aug- 
^ 
4 ust's Miss Penthouse Pet. 
^ 
So round up yer friends and theyoung'uns and stampede on out to 
North Star Mal! fer 
* a fine time! 

PAG! 4 
EXPRESS NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— f«b 6, 1977 

Hollywood high on visitors1 a g e n d a s 

The thousands of tra­ velers who make South­ ern California their des­ tination each year seem to share one thing in common: 
The desire to see Hol- 

 mm 
C h e ckin g Sh irle y T e m p le ’s size at the 
Chinese Theater. 
EU R O PE 

H A R T E R * 

Low Cost Spring & Summer Charters 

For Example: Round Trip London 

( 

Air Fare Only 
I 
Two W eek Stay J,..*497 

M A K E R E SE R V A T IO N S N O W ! 

For M ore Inform a tion O n O th e r 
Charters Call: (5 I 2) 8 2 8 -8 1o1 
World Travel 
Center 53o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

Feb. l l K IN D E R -K O N C E R T 
H A R V E Y G A R B E R conductor 
9:15 am Saint M ary’s H ail 
$1 adm ission. Public welcome 
C a ll 225-6161 for Inform ation 

Feb. 13 M A S T E R S 1 N G E R S 
Master Series 
R O G E R M E L O N E conductor 
3:oo pm UT H ealth Science 
Center A uditorium 

Feb. 2 It J O H N N E L S O N C onductor n n # t 7 : 3 o pm Laurie Auditorium 
*8:3o pm Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts 

Feb. 27 C IT Y C O N C E R T 
F R E E 
Harvey Bisktn conductor 
L U IS R IV E R A 
D A N C E C O M P A N Y 
7:3o pm Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts 
In cooperation with the 
Parks and Recreation D e p t 
C ity of Sen Antonio 

TICKETS: 
Subscription Series $3 to $6.5o 
Masterslngers 
$4 

Also available at Record H ole stores. 

Iv wood. 

Aside' from tho glitter of Sunset Strip, the Mec­ ca of film stardom also offers scores of boutiques dedicated to tastes rang­ 

 ing from posters to fine antiques. 

And the nearby hotels and motels allow tourists an easy passage* to t lie- famed movie lots and 

 television lots where tours are available. 
Plus there’s always the chance of se'eing a su ­ p e rsta r of the silver* screen. 
Information on seeing 

 the* manx attractions of 
Southern California is available1 from the 
Southern 
C alifo rn ia n 
\ isitors Council. 7oa W. 
Seventh 
S tre e t. 
1.o9 
Angeles, < alif. IMMU/. 

THE HAWAII 
VACATION YOU DON’T HAVE 
TQJWAIT POR. 

LEAVE SA N A N T O N IO 
DAILY AT 11:oo A M ., A RRIV 
IN H O N O LU LU AT 5:15 PM . BY 
C O N N E C T IN G IN H A LLA S-FO RT 
W O RT11 TO TH E O N LY DAILY 747 
N O N -STO P T O HAWAII FROM 
TH E SCX I T H W EST 

Waiting tor ye hi are the warm sun. the sea and the sand of a whole glorious string of tropical islands. 
Yours to chtH»se from right nou. 
_ 
^ 

TA K E YCX JR NO- WA ITI N G 
' ' 
11 AWA 11 A N VACATIO N N O W - W IT H $ I-A -D A T FLYING C O L O R S TRAVEL C R ED IT 

Any air travel or vacation package that includes at least one Braniff flight qualifies for Hying O do rs Travel 
C redit. Ye hi can finance up ti* $829 over 46 months and pay no more than $l-a-dav or $4o a month. Your deferred payment price we mid he $1,o8o ( 46 monthly payments of $ )o) including the finance charge computed at an annual percentage rate of 18% where authorized by state law. ThereV no required down payment and first payment is nett elm for 4o lo 45 days. Lesser ame Hints of travel money can be repaid sooner at $l-a-day or at less than $l-a-day. Larger amounts an* available at higher repayment rates. This new travel credit service is provided at Br.miff s rc‘e|iiest exclusively through authorized travel agents in all states (except A laska. Arkansas. Maine, Vermont) by A ssociates 
Financial Services. Travel agents can approve immediately many credit a p p l i c a t i o n s up ti* $75o. 

I 

C H O O SE TH E H AWAII FLYING C O L O R S VACATIO N 
FOR YOUR B U D G E T Consult your travel agent or Bran iff office for further information on Braniff s Vacations w ith f lying 
Colors re* Hawaii for $l-a-day. Or mail the coupon below'. 
Braniff International 
Fixing Colors-Room 9o8 
PO . Box 45oo1, Dallas. Te x a s 752 45 
Please send me more information on yiH ir I lawaii Vacation with Fixing O dors; 

BRANIFF 
TH E ONLY DAILY 
747 N O N -STO P FROM 
D A L LA S FORT W O RD I 
TH E SM O O TH SO U T H E R N 
RO U TE T O I IONOI U LU 

 j 
HAW AIIAN H O SPITA l ITY HOLIDAY, im it mu i m . 
□ $471-$659 including air faa- 

 belays, lo r 4 islands (O ahu, M a i l i , H awaii), with hotel and many extras. 

TH E ROYAL O R C H I IT .hum m koo. 
□ $829 including air fare 

14 days, 4 islands (M aul, Hawaii, O ahu, Kauai). Price include' hotel, comprehensive sightseeing, inter-island air fart s and more. 

FLY A N D DRIVE VAC A TIO N, ut ,-hs n u 
«> 
□ $555-$681 including air fare 

7 days, with hotel, let greeting, rental car with unlimited mileage, taxes and liability insurance. 

P r ic e s per person, double occupancy (single accommodations higher; —range depending on day of departure or hotel chosen. 
Subject te> change. Som e texirs have fixed departure dates and group travel requirements. VUir travel agent or Braniff have all the details and will arrange fo r yinir inclusion in a group. SAI I 

Connect Braniff to Braniff and enjoy chit Surfer Room at 
D.dlas-Fort Worth, offering com plimentary toffee and flint ju ic e s , exe lusively to I lawaii passengers; tin n hoard our 747 non stop and avoid West Coast delays, weather problems, changes of airlines or terminals. 
C A B IN SERVICE BEYO ND 
TH E EXPECTED . Braniff offers coach passengers a choice i4 en­ trees, complimentary French wine, spacious lounge with stand-up bar, wing back chairs and at nominal cost. wide-screen movies and multi-channel stereo. 

FOR RESERVATIO NS C A l I. 
YOUR TRAVEL A G EN I O R 
BRAN IFF AT 224 4^41 
. . . 2 4 H O U R S A DAY. 
N A M E _____________________ ___________ _____ 

A D D R E SS_________________________ ________ 

Q T Y 
.S T A T E _________-ZIP. 

N A ME CX YO UR TRAVEL A G EN C Y ___ 
BRANIFF 
TO HAWAII WITH FLYING COLORS 

IIHtlU-NIWS SUNDA* MAGANN*— fob. A. 197/ 
MG* J 
Call 223-5591 

Symphony Box Office 

San Francisco 

I 
M 
»*P 
% vSb I 

A m e rica n co v ers the C o a st w ith flights to m ore cities 

 in C aliforn ia than any other airline. But that’s not all we 

 have going for you. T h ere’s the only nonstop flight to San 

 f rancisco. One-stop service to L o s Angeles. A n d con­ 

 venient connecting flights to Palm Springs and San 

D ie g o . 
F o r in fo rm a tio n or reserv atio n s, call 

A m erican or your Travel A gen t. 

We’re 
American Airlines. 
Doing what we do best. 

A irline Passengers 

Association 

 names American 

%. 
"No. I choice 
% for domestic 

 air travel' 

Los Angeles 

In a recent independent survey, frequent fliers Here asked: " lf 
) you were traveling anywhere in the U.S. and had your choice of any U S. airline, which would you choose~and w hy?” 
M ore p eo p le ch o se 
American than any other airline. 
And the overriding reason was 
"service." 
• San Diego 

HAWAII CHARTER 
3 May— 8 Bays fro** Houlton 
*429./*48 9. 

 k' 
' O R I E N T I S C A P A D I 
7 IKbj-15 days f rom Sun Antonio w o . 
M EXICO FIESTA RAIL 
I R n - I day* 
From San Antonio 
*539. 

/ O C N W O R L D 
\ J r J / W ID E tra vel agency J 

323 SPENCER LANE 
736-4691 

® eGreat c A m e iT c a n b a r g a in 
W ANT A D S ! 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 
225-1666 

TrovelwocW's 
_ uncompromising 
AFRICA 

V it t l in g : South A frica Botsw ana. 
Kenya Tanzania. S e ych e lle s 
Ethiopia. Egypt a i d G re ece . 
Senegal, ivory C o ast. M o rocco , 
G h a na 
D a lu ie T o u rs : S even different a il-in clu siv e tours, fu lly e sco rte d by co n g e n ia l an d e ip e o e n c e d tour m an agers O ver IOO departures, h orn 17 to 4o days tor your co n v e n ie n ce an d p la n n in g 
N o te t* e n d L e d g e s : To in su re vour satisfaction o n ly the finest h otels an d lo d g e s are reserved ret your co m fo rt The m ag n ifice n t 
E o n H o m a o n the edge of the 
S e re n g e ii th e lu n u n o u s M t Kenya 
S afa ri C lu b . the u n iq u e and 
••Citing Treetops L o d g e high a p e r t the gro u n d , w here the pig gam e of A ttica roam tree below 
D in in g A La C a rte th roug hout. fe a « fa s t. lu n ch an d din n er every day from any o f the e xq u isite restaurants in your hotel, other than rn the gam e reserves Also. spe cial dm m g o c c a s io n s w here you can savor to ta l C u isin e it s an m e ld e d rn one p rice 
S p a c ia l F e a tu r e * : TrAvelwOUd s 
3. years of travel p la n n in g assu res you of ait the m u tt th in g s lo d o 
• n o set in clu d in g m any of the the m o w n , but lo n g re m om pe 'e d e ip t'ie n c e * m at m a r* Traveiw ond to u ’ s m e um m ate >n travel V isits to m e tope! lan ds of m e Z u lu and 
M a sa i w a rriors D esce n d by land rover in to a volca n ic crater m at contam * rn# larg est con ce n tra tio n c t w ia i'fe m ait A tn ca S ip a s jn g o w n e r en a lazy Z am b ezi 
E w e r cru ise whit# w atch in g hippo* play 
Compar*: Feature by feature you ii Pe co n v in c e d OI me value rn t'ave<mg witn Traveiw ond where your enjoym ent m ean* a w orld to 

Send today tor your frae p ersonal cop, of m e 46 [.age co lo r b roch ure 

Traveiw ond S A frica 1V 77 

^ e iT c a 
; n [; n u G o n o o o o o a n o n n o IGOo al@!OD G 

I h e A ir lin e P a s s e n g e r s A s s o c ia tio n is a n in d e p e n d e n t m e m b e r o r g a n i/ a tio n I o r a c o p y o l th e s u r v e y , w r ite A P A , B t u 2 7 5 8 , D a lla s , T e s a s 7 5 2 2 1 . 

F AGI 6 
UPHUS NIWS SUNDAY M AGAZINf— -fob. 6, 1977 

No#?*# 

Address 

State 
Zip 

‘P u lte * ~7k u a c I 

/l* c . 

B I S I B R O A D W A Y 

8 2 8 - 6 3 1 1 

California travelin ’ 

I rem 
I 
Hears! 
A ccn m m u d a tions a re readily available nearby 
F ro m 
San 
S im eon, 
“ Highway O n e” tw ists and tu rn s th ro u g h a r o l l c a l l of 
S pan ish 

“ San 
L uis 
“ A rroy o an d “ S a n ta 

 nam es: 
O b i s p o ” 
G r a n d e ’ 
Maria". 
“ H ighw ay O n e ” and the Pacific Ocean join at the mission city of Santa 
B a rb a ra . 
H ere th e 

S^ * eAG re a t cAm efTcan 
^Bargain 
WANT ADS! 
225-1666 

 grandness of Spanish Ca­ lifornia is represented no where else better than in th is city of tile roofs, a rch ed a rc a d e s and 
Spanish-named streets 
And. its access to the 
D anish \ lllag e of Sol­ vang, golf and sp o rt fish­ ing, m a k e a stop over here mandatory 
T he a I w a vs -ch a nm n g landscape of “ Highway 
One" continues on to the cities of Ventura and Ox­ nard. Not surprisingly the landscape becom es dotted with the fam ous 
Southern California palm trees. In winter, if s quite a sight tt» see s u r fe r, p alm tre e and s n o w ­ cap p ed m o u n ta in , all from one vista 
V e n tu ra and O x n ard are excellent p orts for 

HAWAII 77... FEEL TH 
Hawaiian Hospitality Tours 

Total pnce 

 from 

San Antonio 

• Frequent one week and two week tours available 
• Featuring group travel rates with individual attention 
• Choose one week (one or three islands) or two weeks (four islands) 
• Choice of famous hotels 
• Price includes Bramff 747 non-stop from Dallas Ft Worth and connecting flight from your city 

See your travel agent for all Trade Wind Tour* to Hawaii. Hdeilco and th* Orient 
TRADE WIND TOURS OF HAWAII 

 g i n 

ORIENT CHARTERS 1977 
Featuring The Philippines - 17 days 

 from 
A N W *id W > a t i 
S u p p le m e n t lo 
F in ! C la s s A.' 

Options 

Hong Kong 

? n i g h t s 
*199 

I * j 

3 M G H T 5 
Kong Kong 

« N IG H T S 
o *329 

Singapore, 

3 N ig h t s 
Bangkok, 

3 N IG H T S 
Hong Kong 

4 N IG H T * 
*399 

Tokyo, 

4 N i g h t s 
Taipei 
? N 'G H fS 
*379 

The Only Charter Program 
Offering: 

• Only 26o seal jumbo jet configuration 
• First Class air supplement available 
• Higher baggage allowance 
7o lbs Economy Class, IOO lbs First C lass 
• A full 17 day holiday 
• Availability, at additional cost, of such renowned hotels as the Manna Hotel 
The Mandarin in Hong Kong 
The Oriental in Bangkok, etc 
• (All rates per person, double occupancy ) 
• Air transportation only San Francisco/Manila round trip $56o 

 rG 

RENNERT WORD) TRAVEL, INC. 

NOA TH STAR MALL 
34# 2 TS t 
TRINITY UNtVtN SrfY 
736 T IM 

W IN DSO R PAHL M A U 
6 6 4 6 3 1 o 

 tho vacationer wishing to explore the Channel Is- lands. Charter boats are abailable for a mini- eruise to these rustic is­ l a n d s , u n in h a b ite d e x ­ cept for an occassional fro lic k in g sea lion or goat. 
Known as the “ P o in ­ settia C apital." Ventura is also a popular golfers p a ra d ise , w ith g u a r a n ­ teed startin g tim es, a r ­ ranged from local hotels and motels. 
F ro m h e re to 
Los 
Angeles, ifs almost as if the s u r fb o a rd s and s u rfe rs o u tn u m b e r the autos Every day surfers can be seen awaiting the perfect wave, Such soli­ tude is occasionally in ­ te rru p te d by a jo gg er. passing along the rocky, wooded M alibu s h o r e ­ line. 
F a m e d 
M alibu and 
Hollywood, haven of film g reats, rem a in s im p o r­ tant as one of the most ex p en siv e w a te rfro n t communities in the state 
But for the v isito r. 
M alibu s next-door neighbor, Santa Monica, is just the place 

Here, in P icture Post card Bay, m erge coast, sky. palm trees and pa­ lisa d e s. T h is city h as been c alled th e most b eautiful of any beach com m unity in Southern 
California. ll is within easy access to all Los Angeles area attractions 

PESOS 

WE BUY AND SELL MEXICAN PESOS AND OTHER FOREIGN 

CURRENCIES 
TRAVEL C H EC KS, M O N E Y O R D E R S, TIP P A C K S 
W E C A S H PAYRO LL C H E C K S 
OPEN 7 A.M. - IO P.M. 
7 O A T S 
MONIWAYS SERVICES, INC. 
INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
Aaron Golden, Mgr SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
824 /329 

© 

RENNKKT WORLD TRAVEL. INC 

N U M I T * a T A H M A L L 
1 VV : \ ’M 
T f l i N i ? i U N ' , 1 

VV I N I T S O N P A H H 
M A I I I 1 .; i , 'n .- 
I* 
ALASKAN CRUISE 
Sitmar’s TSS Fairsea 
June 4th, 1977 
P le a se is n d m e a b ro c h u re o n the A la s k a n C ru ise 

Travel 
S e r v i c e ^ 

Addr**' 
Zip 
Stat* 
Mon* 

 ctK,r> 
R E N N E R T W O R L D T R A V E L b tN L) IO : 
1 o 4 6 N o r r t , 5 ta f. Mtl|1 
S an A n to n io . TX 7 8 7 1 6 

I Guadalajara 
■ 4 days/3 nights, pins airfare, from 
I Guadalajara/Puerto Val (arta 
I 8 days/7 nights, plus airfare, from 
I 
■I I ■I I I Ia 

 i 
■ 

 s336o 

* 7 2 6 o 

 per jm i u n iii m ille otvupoiit y 

( K l jH'ISO l! lh mbit 

I U c u p IIM v 

If you want to see the real Mexico we’ve got the Ix-t tours going. lo (iimdalajara, tin ta-me of Ih«- manachis. aud the must Mexican city in Mexico VNV give you foul days to take ii all i i i , with three night > at the Hotel Kenix. And at these prices, you can afford to see a lot more. So bike oui ti ait to Puerh Valla: ta, too. And we'll give you four nights at the Hat u-nda del Lobo. Al the lowest pi ice g* aug And on both tours, you get welcome cocktails, full breakfasts every day, sightseeing, night club cocci ( l u n g e s , aud more. Another big extra: when you fly with us, theres no added airfare tor the -.topos n in Guadalajara 
S» see your travel agent. Send u-> this c o l i (ton. <h call HHP 421 Hi H)l, toll free, for n -.(iv (it. tis And get going yourself. 

Mexican.! Airlines, 1.11 N St Maiy's, San Antonio. I X 7H2oa 

I d like to get going myself. Send me more information about your lout * 
□ To Guadalajara tor v copr iii.mviiumo 
IJ TuGtiadalajaia 'Puerto Va! * 

Name 

 lily 

Mv ti 

Address 

Sr,in /i| 

I III K U O * l l HMV I HI MO 

Briti - elf* t live thru 2/1» 

’ 5A E 2 6 

Fly Mexicans to Mexico. For the best tours going. 

The airline most people fly to Mexico. 

EXPtESS NEW SUNDAY MAGAZINE- t a b . 6, 1977 
FAGE 7 

Top Cat’s last tale 

Plenty of rom.met' and intrigue has taken place 
(nor Ila1 CB radio, hut t h e r e s n ev er been a story quite like the saga ai Top i at and Slick 
< hick 
T h o m as “ Top C a t” 
F u lle r and 
V icto ria 
■'Slick cluck” Seaton of 
Hollywood. Florida, wore married in a .lilly wed­ ding conducted entirely over citizen's hand. 
The ceremony caught public a tte n tio n . 
New spa pet’s . nut iunal television and the wire serv ices c a r r ie d the storv 
For most poeople who do som ething off-beat like that, the story ends and von nevcr hear about them again 
Bill Top < at and Slick t hick seemed destined to com e back t inn* and apalit to the padres of papers coast-tocoast 
Not tony a lte r the c ite rs w edding. slick 
( hick told Top Cat that she had lo fly west to visit her s i c k father on the Hosebud Indian Bo­ ser. at ion i i i S o u th Dako­ ta 
Shortly altin’ a n n my out West. s i n k Cluck called her husband and asked lot $2.IMW lo buy a ear 
He wired her the money 
I hen nothing 
She nev er called him back and he couldn't reach her 
F u lle r, a paint con ­ tractor. said he spent more than si him on lony 

CB Convac 

By INK D IPP E R 

Editor of I hr < It I liars-Journal 

 distance telephone calls try ing to locate Slick 
Chick 
Police in several states were linable to locate her or anyone who could be her father — dying or otherwise 
He finally returned to the n e w s p a p e rs and pleaded for lier to return. or for someone lo tell him what had happened. 
His plea worked 
Sin* called lim) 24 hours later to say she w as ill and in a 
Philadelphia. Miss iss ip- pi. hospital 
They talk ed on the phone each day 
Fuller explained later that they hadn't really gotten lo know each other during their brief courtship. 
The last time he talked to lier w.is during the pre -d aw n ho u rs on a 
September morning 
She promised him that she w as on h er way home, 
An hour later, she was dead, the victim of a head-on collision near 
P hilad elph ia that also claimed the life of the young man driving llu1 other ear. 
It was a storv full of 

 irony, but it still w asn’t ov cr. 
In November, law en­ fo rc e m e n t o ffic e rs iii 
Hollywood, Florida, an­ nounced that Top Cat had been busted for deliver­ ing atm amphetamines to an agent posing as a 
< lier. 
Narcotics agents said that Fuller, 45. had been suspected ot being a m a­ jor pill supplier, and he was apparently using bis 
< Ii to set up alleged drug sales 
Xii in fo rm e r had tipped the a g e n ts off three weeks Indore that 
Top Cat w as pu shing large amounts of drugs. 
An agent used a CB to contact Fuller and set up a sale Hist off Interstate 
95. 
In a rr e s tin g F u ller agents also confiscated his c a r, w hich was equipped with Ills CB and a scanner 11ntl monitored police radio calls, 
"lf lie was listening, he might have heard him ­ self being arrested.” one agent quipped. For Top 
Cat, th a t probably wouldn't have been too strange. 
Com m em oratives focus on films 

Herein Iv the ITS Pos­ tal Serv ice announced the s u b j e c t s for ll commemorative st amirs to Im* issued during 1977 
Four new ones have now been added to the list 
There will In* a single, horizontal, commemoru- tive-size stam p hailing the jill It anniversary of ta lk in g p ic tu re s and calling attention to the first public showing of a m otion p ic tu re w ith sound 
In 
M arch a sin g le s ta m p will honor the ninth a n n iv e rsa ry of 
Colorado's admission to the I n ion 
A commemorative will be issued in May as a tribute to tile 5oth anni­ versary of the first solo tra n sa tla n tic flight to 
P a ris by 
C h a rle s A 
Lindbergh Many collec­ tors had urged the ILK 
Citizens Stamp \dvisory 
Committee to issue such a stamp aud several had submitted designs snow­ ing Lindy and the "Spirit oi St l ouis ’ The value suggested was a 41-cent airmail which is th** cur­ rent air mail rate tor a half-ounce le tte r sent from the I Tilted States to 
Paris. 
In A ugust a s in g le stam p will be issued to note the 5oth anniversary of the opening of the 
Peace Bridge spanning the Niagara River to link 
Buffalo, NAL, and Fort 
Erie, Ontario, Canada. 
In addition to these commemorative stamps, the IS P H says it will issue a postal card de- 

Stamps 

From A ssociated Press 

 m e tin g th e G alv esto n 
Courthouse, the first Fe- deral building erected in 
Texas for civ il purposes. 
More details on these and th e o th e r 
LLS c o m m e m o r a tiv e s will appear in this column as they become available. 
Barbados, the beauti­ ful island in the West 
Indies once chosen as a holiday spot by George 
W ash in gto n an d his brother, has issued a set of four stamps honoring the American Revolution 
Bicentennial 
Barbados was settled by the British in 1H27 
The lowest value in the set shows a map of South 
(aeolina as it existed at the time of the Revolu­ tion and an inscription: 
"South Carolina Founded by Barbadians." Another stamp f e a tu re s 
Washington pointing to that same map of South 
C aro lin a 
T he th ird stamp depicts a copy of the Declaration of lade- pence The highest value bears a portrait of Wa­ 

 shington and the .Mason­ ic Emblem, 
Each stam p has the symbol of the American 
Revolution Bicentennial and the wording "The 
American Revolution Bi­ centennial" at the top 
Also issued by Barba­ dos was a set of four c o m m e m o r a tin g the 
125th anniversary of Ihi 
Post Office Act which permitted it to issue its own distinctive postage stamps. 
Volume II of the Min kus 197o-77 World Wide 
C atalog is now off the press and available to collectors. 
Volume ll covers E urope and co 
Ionics. Volume I featured the B ritis h C om m on wealth and Ireland 
Because of a strong 
European stam p market fueled by worldwide in­ flation and currency de valuations, virtually all of the prices of European s ta m p s th ro u g h th e mid-196os have been re vised upw ard su b stan 
Bally. 

PACI I 
IXPtfSS-NIWS SUNDAY MACAZtNf— fob 6, 1977 

Picturing 

 a city in 

 your m ind 

You won t capture New York, Chica­ go, Atlanta. San Francisco or any other big city in one photograph. But if you take a walking tour of a great metro­ polis this fall, von will discover vir­ tually tin unlimited number of picture- taking opportunities that will allow you to make a photographic story. 

Kodak photo experts suggest you trim the city to size picturing themes 

F ocu s oil n a tu re — the sq u irre ls d a rtin g through ehange-ol-season park trees — reflec­ tions dancing in the sun oil office windows, or people — commuters, shoppers businesspeople 
— pouring into or out of the city 
Get started by lotting (town ideas for picture stories i i i a sm all " tra v e le r's " notebook and equip yourself with.a traveler's camera. 

A LIGHTWEIGHT, easy-to-use camera can let you forget the mechanics oi photography and collet pirate on the sights oi Ult city and the fun of visiting there 
\ Kodak Tele-Instamatic (ills camera lets you switch a lever to get closer to the action — without your moving a step. 
The secret is in the lens — or more precisely, the two lenses, one normal, the other telephoto 
Drop-in cartridges and bright, clear pictures are additional advantages 
Whether you are focusing on animals, archi­ tecture or people, you will want to make a hu­ man interest photo story 
The best way to start is by being organized. 
Keep your cam era handy to take advantage of spur of the minute picture possibilities. 
Simplify city life by concent rating on a single idea. Move in close to block out extraneous, distracting backgrounds 
Close-ups art* dram atic By filling the view­ finder with your subject, you are captu ring detail and — if it's people or animals — facial expressions. 
Check your cam era instructional manual to be sure how close you can come to your subject. 

V \ R Y H I K S T Y L E of photography in a series Take pictorials and candids, close-ups as well as overviews to make your collection in­ teresting lf the sky is clear, sunlight can work for you by illum inating colors at their brightest and creating highlights and shadows that emphasize texture and shapes. 
When the sun is at a right angle to your ca­ mera or when it s shining towards the cam era, it can dramatize the shape of your subject. 
A hand shielding the lens will prevent reflec­ tive glare in your photos 
Overcast skies will let you capture a new look in your photos. Bleak skies are particularly suitable for soft. flattering people close-ups. 
Whether you are focusing on animals, archi­ tecture of people, indoors or out, keep your 
Camera steady . P ress the shutter release s-i- o-w-l-y and gently to guard against blur. 
Holding the ca m e ra level with the horizon above or below the center of the picture will improve your photo composition 

IV PIIOIOGH WRING architecture, you will want to emphasize the beauty of proportion and texture of gleaming skyscrapers and the way they lend themselves to bold effects of light and shade 
Individualize your arch itectu ral photos by including some surrounding features, putting people into the picture, and varying the view­ point and distance to alter the angle or per­ spective. 
F o liag e can b alan c e th e c o m p o sitio n by framing the subject or ottering a useful contrast to the hard lines of the building. 

( I l \ E l i m OI, Ii I E l l ) con he an cv cm b i g g e r c h a l l e n g e t h a n r a p t u r i n g lilt- feel o f th e wildcrneso. I lo p h o t o g r a p h e r -o o h find-, thai all i- mil bri ck - and con c rete , t a p to r i o g the 
"line"' ol'citv life i- n i o - l o f t e n the m a r k oi lh* pi l o t o g ta pile r-a iii-1. 

For additional photo insights, cap tu re life indoors and at night. \ warning light will ap­ pear in your view under to signal the need for flash. 
At night, check your cam era for a flash range 
— usually up to Kl feet — before pressing the shutter release ('heck to m ake sure picture- taking is allowed in museums and theaters 

ALITA PHO I U G H W R B tour is not com ­ plete without al least one stop al an observation tower 
Try to schedule ii inst b e f o r e sundown to see how many different pictures you can get of the skyline as the sun sets and lades into twilight and lights start to twinkle i i i the city below. 
Whether it is your first trip to a new city — or un afternoon out i i i an old favorite, a dedication to photographing the unusual, experimenting with angle, position and composition should help you reveal much al it- Leanly and excite­ ment with your camera 

Ron Jones’ Photo Tips column will resume next week in this regular space. 

Photo Tips 

(QI i ^ i 1Sn|H|| Pi 
--- r u 

 dhewniO bm n I 

 o r E M M ; 

W E D 
TH E 
G O V E R N M E N T 
IN S P E C TO R , Trinity Un versify 
T h e a te r 
O n e , 
736 8515 or 
7J695'6 N ik o io i Gogol s satire of g o v e r n m e n t b u r e a u c r a c y . 
Continuing Wed Sat until Feb. 19. 
A1 8: IS. $2-44 

E l K H E M T H E t i EK 

FE B 6, 8-13 
AN IN S P E C T O R 
CALLS, 
Toe 
C hurch 
T h e ater. 
USO 
S 
A la m o a t 
W ic k e s . 
224 4o85 
A m ysterious inspector in vestig a te s the suicide of a voung g 'ri im p lic a tin g a re spectobic fam ily. Opens at 6 3o, butti-t at 7 snow at 8 15, snow w ithout buffet ct 
3 
D in . 
Sun. 
Tun* Thurs 57.95. P f 8. Sat 48 95, sun 44 <2o or m ore $3.5o. 4o or m o re 43 on Sun ) F re e wine and cheese on Sun 
FE B M I 
T H E IM P O R T A N C E 
OF 
B E IN G 
E A R N E S T , 
T rin ity 
A ttic Two, 735-8516 W ild co m e dy moot m is ta k e n id e n tity 
Wed 
Sat th ro u g h 
Feb 
12. 
At 
8 15 

F E B l l 
W IN N IE THE POOH 
San Antonio F in e Arts Center, 
■141 
Nacogdoches 
M a c A rth u r 
P io ra . 653 7241 
C h ild ren s play 
42 5o odu!1- 
4. OO children 
E E B 
6 l l 13 
G A S L IG H T 

G A IE T IE S oid-’foshioneS 
M elodram a fcvening iv-emui un im 
T h e a te r n o m is F a ir 
P la z a , 
724 4 4 6J 
O w 
9os and R oaring 
7os songs ana nits along with a m elodram a spoof 
Through Feb 
2o, F ri K Sat at i *5 43.5o Sun, 
At 6 15, Si 5? 

CEC, St. M a ry s U niversity, 27oo 
Cincinnati 
A ve., 
436 32o9 
San 
Antonio based international film festival. One feature film each evening and selected short film s 
Mon s feature will be 
The Apple 
W ar,'' Tues 
M arvelous Visit, a n d 
W ed 
D a u g h te r s 
Daughter ' A1 8 Fre e 
M O N: TH E C R E A T IV E PAST, 
W a x a h a c h ie 
R o o m . 
T r in ity 
University. 
At 
IO a.m ., 
2 8. 
4 
Free. 
V O N & TU E S : 
N IC H O LA S & 
A L E X A N D R A , 
M u lti-P u rp o s e 
Room, 
T rin ity u n iv e rs ity . 
At 
6: 3o & IO. $1.25. 
TUES: 
FAC E OF 
L tN C N L N , 
A B R A H A M 
LIN C O L N . 
H E A R T 
OF A M E R IC A ond H O M E S P U N . 
T h ird 
Floor 
A u d ito riu m , 
San 
Antonio M om L ib rary , 2o3 S St 
M ary's, At 12. 15 & 7 
F ree 
W E D 
S H A D O W 
OF 
A 
DO U B T, A lfred H itchcock, dtr ec t o r , 
C h a p m a n 
G r a d u a te 
Center. 
T rin ity 
U n iv e rs ity 
At 
7 3o. $1 San Antonio F ilm Society 
Mem bers. $1 SO Public 
W E D 
DA W N 
OF 
TH E 
IN D 
C E N T U R Y , 
Wa • a ra c h ic 
Room, 
T rin ity U n iv e rs ity A t IO a .rn . 2 8 
4 Free 
W E D 
8 
T H U R S 
V IV A 
LA 
M U E R T E , 
L o u in 
S tu d d e d 
C enter. San A nto nio C ollege At t 
8 7 3o Wed. 12 IS 8 ? 3o Thurs 
F ree 
TH U R S 
& 
F R I 
A N IM A T E D 
F IL M F E S T IV A L 
F R IT Z THE 
CAT. 
F A N T A S T IC p l a n e t and 
M IL E S T O N E S FO R M ICK 
E Y , ’ M u ltip u rp o s e Room , T rio ity U n iv e rs ity . At 3 8 7 T h urs, 3. 
7 8 IO F ri 
$1 25, 
S U N 
L I L L I E S 
O F 
T H E 
F IE L D . 
M u lti P u rp o s e 
R oom 
T rin ity U n iv e rs ity 
At 3, 7 8 9 3o 
$1.25 
N E X T 
SUN 
F L O R ID A C Y ­ 
P R E S S 
S A N C T U A R Y 
— 
F I 
SH E A T I N G 
C H E E K , 
A ta o io 
M f IO atli Htcjn Sc noot Aud 
£>4oo 
Broadw ay, 
226 5o1o 
At j p ny 
$275 

 h h e m m ; 

SUN 
UT H E A L T H S C IEN C E 
C E N T E R . 
77o3 Floyd Curl Dr 
696-6327 
?8th annual exhibit of the 
Texas 
W atercolor 
Society. 
Opening reception 2-5 p m. Sun 
C o n tin u in g th ro u g h M a rc h 6 
M on-Fri 8 5. Sat 8 noon. Sun 1-5. 
F ree 
TH U R SAT 
S E V E N T H S EN 
• OR 
C IT IZ E N S 
A R T S 
A N D 
CR A FTS S A LE , F a rm er s M ar 
• et, 
4.35 o524. 
P ointings, sculp lures ond crafts. 1o 4 Free. 

F R I 
A L A M O K I W A N I S 
W E S T E R N A R T 
S H O W A N D 
S A L E , 
F r e e m a n C oi s ise u rn . 
P a in tin g s ond s c u lp tu re s by m ore than 22o a rtist o 
2o. 1o 8 
5o cents 

SAT 
W A T E R C O L O R 
L E C ­ 
TO R E D E M O N S T R A T IO N 
St 
Anthony of Padua Church, PU grim Hall, 1o2 Lorenz Presented by E dgar A 
Whitney 
At 7 3o 

( I l l K E M I M I i n n s 

ART 8 F R A M E M A R T No 
I, 
33o? B c o o o u ii 
O hs bv 
Robert 
M o rris o n a n d 
B e tty 
A lliso n 
Mon Sot 186 

ART 8 F R A M E M A R T No 
I, c>7o 
N o t'n 
Stai 
M an 
Ohs by 
H azel 
Mu vst v 
Joe 
P e a c o c k , 

A R T IS A N S 
A L L E Y , 
555 B't of over 
JI artists 

SUN 
C O M M U N IT Y G O S P E L 
C H O IR , C arver Com m unity Cul­ tural Center, 226 N 
H a ck b e rry, 
723 6861 
D ire c te d 
Oy 
O sc a r 
Ford At t Free 
SUN 
F L IC A 
W IL M O R E , so­ prano & JOHN M O O R E , pianist, 
P aie strin a R ecital Holt 
In ca r note Wen d Conegc. 828-1261 A1 3 

SUN 
O P E R A 
O U IZ . 
Mc Nay 
A rt in s titu te . 
6ooo 
N 
N ew 
B ra u n fe ls, 
822 3o3o 
P a n e lis ts nciude 
Sherrill M anes 
Robert 
Tobin, 
M rs, 
M o . 
R edcr and 
P i k aro Andrews 
At 3 $3 
M O N 
G U IT A R 
L E C T U R E 
D E M O N S T R A T IO N , p re se n te d by D a v d G rim es 
Son Antonio 
Cahoot 
Moody Learning center, 

B R IG H T 
SHAW L 
G A L L E R Y . v 
2 p rn.. 

 jut no pm ent and cat guitar, At 
„ey Of bittor literature of l l a rn Con IO' prices 
M O N 
SAN 
A N T O N IO S Y M 
P H O N Y . 
Laurie 
Aud 
223 5551. 
Cues! perform er baritone Suer rm Manes 
At 7 3o $4 $6 5o 
F R I 8 
SAT 
D IE 
F L E D E R 
MAUS, Tr.m ty U niversity O pera 
Workshop 
Ruth Toviot Concert 
Hail, 736 8 2 'I 
At 8 $t 
SAT 
FO L K 
M U S IC 
H E U N 
ION. 
K errv.ne 
M unicipal 
A id . 
K e rrville 
I 896 >8oo 
P erfo rm e rs include 
Anon 
D am ron, 
Robert 
Shaw, 
Kenneth T nreaagm . 
Don 
Sanders, 
T 

BJI 
Pnest, 
Jim johnson ond D ave 
Houston 
At 2 8 8 
$2 5o od- 
.ut.ee, S3 oi the door 

SUN 
E X C A V A T IO N IN THE 
G A L IL E E . 
Jewish Community 
C e n te r , 
1o3 
W 
R a m p a r t 
344 3453 
Slide lecture by 
D< 
Harold Lieoowitz, UT at Austin prof. At 7 3o F lee 

F R I N E X T 
SUN 
A E R O B IC 
D A N C E 
W O R K S H O P 
FO R 
T E A C H E R S . 
Trinity 
University 
S am s 
C e n te r . 
736 84o6 or 
738 7225. 
Call tor notes ana onces. 
SAT 
V A L E N T IN E S 
D A Y 
FA S H IO N SHOW. C anto Cut Tea 
Room. River Square 
C om m erce and P re s a , 
227-9596 
C horeo graphed show of antique Clothes with refreshm ents At 11 a rn $4 

.L U I It k W O O D G A L L E R Y . 
o9 
M c C u llo u g h 
P a in tin g s , 
Owings, photograph* 8 lim ited mon g ra p h ics by 
C h ris tin e 

C O P P IN I A C A D E M Y OF F IN E 
ARTS, iptc 

W ard, Jom e ne 
Edgerton 

C O R N E R 
G A L L E R Y , 
4th 

M ON W EO 
H E M lS F IL M l l . 

F E B 
14 
R O Y A L 
L IP P M A N 
S TA LLIO N S , Convention Center 
Arena, 828 6351, Af 8 
Tickets of ait Joske $, Jam 8 Jeny G eneral 
Store, A rena box office 
$4, $5, 
$6, Children under 12 nail puce 
No checks. 
FE U 18-22 
C IR C U S VARG AS. 
South Pork 
M a l 824 9276 
Can tor times, Si)-$6.7$. 
F E B 
23: 
FLA S H 
C A D IL LA C 
A N D 
T H E 
C O N T IN E N T A L 
K IO S, Convention Center 
Bun auet Hon 828 6351 
5os roc* n rod ond beer 
A* 8 
Tickets of 
Jom & Jetty G eneral Store and 
A re n a box office. 
S6 5o otus service charge tor seating at tables ot 1o- 

Vutn, 
B io n to 
Poult m©l> Ot 
I fie 
H . 1 C&uMr y 
Oy nill cookery 
O rK*f% . 
O o h !» 
IG 6 
San by oOH 8*3 4i6o 

G A L L E R IA 
3o7 
HO O SE 
OF 
AHT v 
>U- 
*fem »sF©»f 
R io la 
:VO *. 
/rfOtk 
D:V 
Adrt#1# 
Ardvtn. 
G ttO erf, 
G ‘fo ird, 
M u c s f 
LOS 
Scotts, ’ 
VU%c n ^ r, 
P o rte rfie ld , 
Sc fc m a to f , oilsz 
A O ffK o n , oc f c 

AA on- .Sot e ta l scu *© t o re 

G A LLE MIE 
OF 
F IN E 
ARTS* 
342 A Mo»n $1t , F re d c rto s D u ro fe a tu rin g Tm«<db ©fffStS* Rf Id ylls 
& craftsm an 
\(yo do»*v. 

G LASSER % ART 
G A L L E R Y . i VTI n 
A 
New gone* y 
Oftis»»% jean ^Aor im , B r (Od Do*' on E dna Hibet Oils w atercolors 
■md pastels bv Cloy Mc C au g h t 
Gordon West. Ed W ittm ann, Bm 
Z o n e r , t A 
H e r o e s , ly o n 
Mr Octagon L a rry Anschutz. Git 
Deft Our an, Santo Our an, Nancy 

R ID E EM , ARTIST: 
Thai pail of American life called a rodeo is captured bv art isis in “ Tho 
Great American Rodeo,” an cv hibit at the W itte M useum through April J 
Included in the exhibit are Si­ dell tapes bv T o rrv 
Mien and 
Andy Manti, placing on up to 12 television monitors. 
Photographer Garry Win nguni has SO photographs i i i the exhibit and Et! Blackburn has a large acrylic painting. Other artists in the exhibit are doe /.tic k e r, 
George G reen, 
M u ni Gross 
Grooms and Red Grooms. 
The largest work is bv Rod 
Grooms, a Iti\3oxloo-foot three­ dimensional work that recreates a rodeo arena iicluding riders, 

 calf wrestlers, a rearing horse and stands of spectators. 

( l i n t, o u i 
M i l s , ’ i n n s / h i ii, 

 h i l l s , 

W VU ACOLOUS: 
The '.'Kill an nun! exhibit of the Texas W ater­ color Society opens today at the 
GT Health Science ('enter. 
Tile show includes 3o artists to whom more than $6,ooo tit prizes has been awarded. 

The Best of Show award was presented to Judy Richardson of 
Houston for her work “Chrysta- 
Heat io n .” 
San Antonio and 
Boerne p rizew inners include 
W I lie Bud, Mildred t’ocke. <V- cillc ( row, Stevie Manak, h ail 
McDougal. Brasilia Pfannsieil, 
I’om A. Crossly Jr., Barry Scott, 
Maist Sinus and Helen \ an Bur­ en. 
The show w as judged by I lim- 

• ii'' artist Eduard Botts, who said, “ There is no picture here thai is run-iif the-m iil.” 

I nnl, in (mll,’i\ fni nim,’ info. 

I Ell KS: 
The lith annual I le- misEilms festival is cranking up lur screenings Monday through 
\\ ednesday 
Presented i i i the Continuing 
Education Center \uditorium of st 
Mary's Cniversity, the film festival is growing bigger and grander each year. This year tilt* festival has films entered from 
Israel, Eranee. Mexico, Sweden, 
China, 
Japan and other countries, including the CSA. 
The film program, beginning ii s p.in. each night, w ill be changed each evening. And ad­ m is s io n is free, 
I ooh lo I infillo for moro i/e- 

 t n i l s . 

I t Kl E i*> the word a- ^ ended G reen and Pant W hiling Copeland are liis jn -e tn r." a Russian play opening featured in " T h e G overnm ent 
W n im »da\ al T rin ilx I iii$e r*itv . 

Hei tfcis I ti $ g n<j tm * C *■ # v 
I ti t -I t *!• IC 
VvO*v$Ot 9 <6. 
G R APHICS G A L L E R Y . - 
I 
C o m m e rc e 
W o o d c u t ox 
Ri­ chard Conn. iu n li pam 'm g by 
Helen 
Feeler, prints and pox ters Tues Wed 1 1 5 3o. T h u r, Sat l l 9. Son » 6 
H E L O T E S ART G U IL D . 
o6o) 
B an d era 
Road 
A o r* xhosa, in p ro g re s s 
P h o n e 
695 9141 
Tues Sun 15. 
IN S T IT U T E OF T E X A N CUL 
TU R E S . H e m F e n r Pkito Way 
9 5 Tues Sun 
M C CRELESS 
L IB R A R Y . 
o21 
A aa 
St 
E x h ib it ot on * end watercolors bv Dow n E d w a rd * 
Mon F ri 9 9, Sat 9 6 
O A K W E L L 
B R A N C H 
L l 
BR AR Y , 
o 3 4 H a i r , 
J jr z u .. n 
R o a d . 
A c r y lic * by 
M ild r e d 
Coctte 
Mon F ri 9 9 Sot 9 6 
O D Y SS E Y 
G A L L E R IE S . 
2222 
Breez M o o d 
Recent works, by 
D -u s n ia 
P ta n n e v tie i o n d 
O 
G eorge P in ta Tues Sot l l 5 
PAN 
A M E R IC A N 
B R A N C H 
L IB R A R Y , 1122 U 
P yron 
Ave 
D splay ot work oy the Coppin* 
Academ y of F in e A r t* 
M o n -F n 
9 9 Sat 9 6 
P R IT C H A R D 
N O R T H 
STAR 
G A L L E R Y , 224 N orth Slat Men 
Oil bonding* by 
Jose V • • es At 
Sara. E xo Wan, 
R oberta Cion 
Helen Hunter, M ory LOU L e *> * 
D aily 
-a6. 
T h o r* 
1o-9. 
Closed 

T R IN IT Y 
U N IV E R S IT Y . 
JIO 

 i,i tr 

I I JO p m . 
II it o m 
The 
Dochau to M an t• y the U nited Council 
* witn 2o pain ting* 8 sculptures by G ert Jacobson in rne G re a t H olt, 
C h a p m a n 
L i­ brary thru Feo 
22 
For m ore inform ation ton 73* 7236 
T R A V IS S A V IN G S AN O LO A N . 

Lobby. 

 at Ct 

51o9 Wane) nut dim 
Bi 
H a r d y a r 

O d* by B er! Ber 
Dudgeon, Phoebe 
M a z e l 
P a r k e r a A p r il, 
M on F r i 

 rodeo* fe r r y Alien, E d Btl burn. G eorge G reen, M um O’ 
G room s, 
R ed 
G ro o m *, 
A 
M ann, 
C o rry 
W m oot a id, 
Zgetter. O rganized Oy the I 
Worth A rt Museum 
Feb 
I 
H e irlo o m 
D is c o v e ry 
D o . oui), u iso I* by exp e rt a r t, flout', 
8 heirtooin our flout fro m 
Sotheby 
P a r k e 
Bi i auction house, v e rb a l appl ai tot $5 ber item registration I 

 n i s i o k ii 
V I I A \ IO,SIO 

ALAMO, best know n, mis* 
C ra d le ot 
Texas 
L ib e l ti pealed on A lam o P la za in n e o rt of San A n to n io , i i 5-1 
Mon Sat 9 5 JO. Sun IO 5 JO F 

O F 

Bi 

MCNAY A P T IN S T IT U T E , 6ooo 
N 
Nev. Bf UU dei 
824 5161. Syl 
• On anet M o iy I O'a Collection; 
■ Bn and 2oth 
Century pointings o J sculpture ti ani the perman­ ent c o lle ctio n 
G othic ond m edieval a rt fro m the Oopen heinie* Cont ct un tu ts Sat 9 4, 
Sun 2 5 Closed Mon 
SAN A N T O N IO M U S E U M OF 
T R A N S P O R T A T IO N . m . - . i*F<. « 
RIVER ART GROUP. 
IO Pa de 
Ida mod ot painting* and c i rill * lr the m ore mon 6oo a rtis t* et group Doily 1o 5. Sun 12 5. 
SAN AN TO NIO ART INS 
TUTS, 6ooo N 
N e * B raun! 
An exhibition by studc-ui* th goiter y Mon E li 9 4. Sot 9 IJ 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
M A IN 
BR AR V, 
2o3 
S 
Si 
M a r, 
A c rylic * 8 od* by Dorothy 
•estme 
Mon F rt 9 9, Sat 9-6. 

 tnlic 
IO 6. turnery 
: adults 

J I / l l R H 'll.I RUSI I Si'S watercolor, "Color Mi* Huuin»*r,M in among painting* in tin* Tt*\a* W alt‘rc«>h»r Society’* exhibit upcning today. See llixipla ami , Gallery. 

S IG O LO FF 
G A L L E R Y , 
St 
Anthony 
Hotel 
Robert 
Wood. 
Don 
W arren, 
P o rtic o 
Sauna*, jose V ive* A tsara. M aureen To rozon, 
Roda 
Toytor, 
S e re n e . 
D a lh a rt 
W m a o e rg 
E io re n t 
Baecke, Fr ed Pal, M a rcel D *t 
E douard Cortez. Ruth Anderson 
D o n a ld t c h o 
J im 
D e u ts cn 
Mon Sot I t s. 
SOL DEL RIO. 'OTO To*.r,vend 
Dr a * mos, lithogrupn*. elcnm gt, weavings stutO lure, c e ra m ic * and ie *c ir , Mon Sol 9 IO 5 3o 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
CENTER G A LLE R Y , 42o Paseo de to Vinita 
Selected t ne c ra ft* from m e Southwest o re a Ouny to s jo 
SOUTHWINO ART G A LLE R Y , 
J IM McCullough 
E xhibit ct tine auonty ort*. OCry Ire* A e a te r colors by welt know n a rtis t* Also yr aph it o rt bv c o tdem porory o n .* !* 
Tues F r i 
# JOS 4$ 
Sot 
1o$. F re e 
T I JAS G A LLE R Y , ioJQ4 Gos<i. 
Bm NO 
1o7 yV idtiOwer pam t ng* 

W IT T E 
M E M O R IA L 
M U ­ 
SEUM. .Hut Broadway, 826 o647 
S tar S pang led 
H is to ry on exhibit at bloc* 8 w ade d ig * m g* by m a o it lunier n a rtis t 
Joseph 
Bogus 
Beoie. with or companying 
Owd'O- *i* jo t presentation, lu r j 
Feo i t , a peeioi exhibit of ten pointing-. 

B U C K H O R N 
H A L L 
H O R N S , 
L one 
S tar 
H ■ 
Com pony. 6oo Lone Star 
226 8 3o1 
P erm a n en t collection of 
F in *, 
F e a th e r* a n a 
F ire a rm *, 
Bating bac* to ‘ 886 
Open tinny 
9 3o $. adults St, c n d d ttu 6 12 8 m il.tor y $o cent* 
F r e t aor king 
CASA V IL L IT A . 
I I Paseo d. a Vinita, tor m er neuuguuctci > at the 
San 
Antonio 
C onservation 
Society, now ottice ol 
A Nicut ,n 
Old san Antonio. ' sponsored by the C o n te r yation 
S ociety an ngady hi April. Now aper a tm o a * a Tou*t*l Info* m utton Center tor yisdor* to 
L a 
Vinita, phone 
226 $ 188 
E S P A D A 
A C E Q U IA 
A Q U E D U C T. 9o44 Esuudii Road 
B o id lh 17)1 by F l u ic .s r a n * , .I * the sole rem aining structure ot 
•I* *m d in the United slates 
A 
National 
Historic 
L a n d m ark , free 
IN S T IT U T E OF T E X A N C U L ­ 
TU R ES , H, ■>..si o i 
P laza W u, 

 elhi 

D uty 
Fed 

226 7651 display* 

9 $, c t o t e d M on. 
E d u c a tio n a l Set vc guided tour* 

K IN O 
W IL L IA M 
DISTRICT Neighbor 
'ared Victor btl and 

SIU 

H IS T O R IC 
* OGO Gf * 9% 

Rodeo 
A il OI 

 fluor le rs ol the 
Sun 
A ntonio ta i i serval ion 
Society. 
F re e walk mo tour p a m phlet* ava ila b le rd the 
Wultt 
House, 
1o7 
King 
W illia m . 
TH E 
M IS SIO N S to tour the tour missions, follow the Mission 
Trail m a rk e rs beginning at Roo­ sevelt Avenue and Mission Road. 
Roosevelt Pork 
JOSE N A V A R R O S TA TE H IS ­ 
TO R IC 
S IT E , 
228 
S 
L a red o , nome ot fam ous Tekos pull lot, owned and m aintained by Texas 
P o rk * 8 Wildlife Dept 
Mon Sun 
1o 4 adults 2$ cents, child* en 
6 17 ten re n t*, children under 6 tree G uided tours 
OLO SAN A N T O N IO E X H IB IT , 
Historic scenes bl Old San An fomo, 
Bolivar 
H all, t a 
V illita, 
Sponsored by San Antonio Con ser votion S ociety, 227 9o42. Open every a a , ext cpl Mon, IO S p rn , 

O LD 
U R S U L IN E 
C O N V E N T , 
KIU Augusta 
Built m ISSI, San 
Antonio' only rem aining exam lite ut t r e n c h a r c h ite c tu r e 
Ham e of Southyyesl C ra ft Center 
C re ativ e 
A ri 
School 
M on E n 
9 JCS. visitor* welcom e, tre e 
R E M E M B E R 
T H E 
A L A M O 
T H E A T E R 
/ M U S E U M . 
A lam o 
P laza 
A m um m edia presen ta hon recreating the siege ol the 
Alam o D aily 9 OO to 5 3o, odult* 
$175 children 
(4 17) 
7$ cent*, ai fixe m ilitary tw IO ) SI 75 
SAN 
F E R N A N D O 
C A T H E ­ 
D R A L, f orner astone told in 1748 
West side ol 
M om 
P la za 
227 7197 
S C H R O E D E R 
I 
Y T U R R I 
H O U S E 
M U S E U M 
A 
A R 
C H IV E S , 
1ooo fc 
C o m m e rce . 
R e stated by the 
C ity 
W a te r 
Board tor adaptive use a * a m useum and a rc h iv e * 
OI the history ol w a le r in the 
S a n g . 
Antonio a re a 
G roup tours of m useum arra n g e d through th# 
■ ny 
Water Bourd 
O ffice, 1oo) t 
M in k e ! St., Phone 225 7461 
S P A N IS H 
G O V E R N O R S 
P A L A C E , 
IDS 
M ilita ry 
P la z a 
M e n s a l 
9 4, 
Sun 
IS , m orning tours by appointm ent, ad u lt* 2S cents childre#) 1o cent* 
S T E V E S 
H O M E S T E A O 
B 
G A R D E N , 
o9 k in g 
W illia m , 
224 *924 
Ow ned Ond m aintained by the Sun Antonio Conservation 
Society 
224 6143 
G e rm o n re side n e e bunt iii 1876 
D ally 
I S, n outing to u r* by appointm ent, a dud* 74 cents, children 2$ cent* 

Y T U R R I E D M U N D S M IL L A 
R E S ID E N C E , 
25/ 
Yellow stone. 
5368217, Son Antonio C onserve 
•ton Society m aintained 
Adobe block structure, built 
184o 186o 
Restored G rist M ill rn operation 
Open tues A Sol IO 2. witn grist dem onstration* at 11 8 I on Tues is sot Nu adm ission ai dup goofs by appointm ent 

 tin g le s I n t r o d u c t io n s . 

UNCUS I HI ORM Af ION CHARING MOUSI 
Hours: Moit.-Thwr; 3 -/ pm., $«t.: 9om2pm 
57o1 Urttdwtf. PUm r te f u r 

H t C M < « 8 t S t i> C < M H » 8 >M > 8 l » 8 >» B 8 8< 

SKK I SI 

'J o n i i 

I an anga aa mm m 
I v n K M l I 

( O I I I | ld lt V 

 l f IO I j - l Gras d in 

3 2 6 - 5 3 7 9 

IXPRISV NIWS SUNDAY MAGAZtNf-—fob. A, 1977 
PAG! 9 

S.A .’s unknown film festival 

 rS w hen o n ly I k the v e ry best w ill do 

FEATURED EVERY S U N M O N TUES 

TROUT A M A N D IN E 
• 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 

RIB EYE 

FILET 

ALI ENTICES 

INCLUDE SAI AD 

 b a k e d POTATO 
OB HEBB BICE 
O PEN 5 OO P M 

PLUS 
MAMO A t IT AS S I .OO 

& 
* * * * 
BAHM CO. 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

S IJ B26 23/1 
1o3o N E LOOP 4 o 

3ANO UEI VACUITIES 

Featuring: Big Bird, Cookie 
Monster ond other Moppet 
Characters from ‘ Sesame Street.' 

Tap tkartnf lim im 

 ftitm f urn matt shew (Mi HMti 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 
WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 

WED., MAR. 2........ 8 PAR. 

THURS., MAR. 3 

FRI., MAR. 4 ... 

SAT., MAR S... 

SAT., MAR. S... 

SUN., MAR. 6 .. 
PRICES: 

TAX INCLUDED 

8 PM. 
8 P.M. 
2 PM 

8 P.M. 
2 PJL 

•CHILDREN 

12 and under 

HALE PRICE 

ALL 

PERFORMANCES. 

 i f i o o $ 5 o o $ 4 OO 

ORDER BY MAIL 

,--------------------------------------------------------------------------j 

PIMM •nclaw U*«9«d. wU 
•iwriop* 
?S« howHmg cHa'g* lo* prong! and tai* 4*li**y of yam Hilt OH 
HO LIDAY O N ICE 
P.O. BO X 6 S88 
Son Antonio, Texas 782o9 

Ode 

 imI o>»t> 

•» 9) ma ’■»*' rn J 

 to a IMO et 

Not □ t. „„ , 
Evg □ nu j 'i.. 

Mal Q HAMI tug □ 

... 
I 
ADMfW 

 x»»- - 1 arr sun ar 

L 
FOR IN F O R M A T IO N CALL 2 2 5 -6 3 S I 

Believe it or not, San Antonio has an international film festival each year 
Many people may not lune heard about it. It doesn t have the hoopla, the hif? stars, the search lights and other trappings of Cannes and Ness York. All it has is film s aud Father Louis Ut ile 
Belle, a priest and in­ s tru c to r at St 
M a r y ’ s 
University, has kept his 
(le m is F iim festival go­ ing for ll years now 
He's kept it going w ithout big money prizes, without interna­ tional - press coverage, and sometimes without much of an audience. 
But the festival keeps attracting film s, and late last week Belle was still picking lip film s from the post office and screening them for possible inclu­ 

 sion in the festival be­ ginning Monday. 
This year the festival is show mg film s from the 
United States. Canada, tile R epublic of China. 
Great B rita in . Isra e l. 
France. Mexico. Sweden and other assorted coutntries. 
They are all film s you aren’t likely to see (in 
San Antonio, at any rate) 

PAGf IO * EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—fab. 6, 1977 

SSIMIIIItMtlHltllllUltHIIOiHllltltlltlltltllllllltMttOtlllltlllHIIMIIIHIttltlll' 

5 M U un- iinilfil . . . 
HEMISFILM '77 

In h rm ifiV w n / U lm I t * fir» l 

I th . T i : . V 

 film * (runt u n w it ti ll ir it ttrh l • tlttirl film *. 

( titia n - film * f e m n i^ h i til ti |'V| 
S 

S T . M A IL V S I N IM - : IL S IT A 

I ( I T . A u d it o r iu m 
C h o ile : L U i-.’^ O h § 

I i f f In tin■ ftfn t r til fn ili/it i 

Dine in Boerne, 1885 

 cwZ|rrriiEi$ 

R E S T A U R A N T A: 
Serving 
BREAKFAST. LUNCH. 

DINNER. COCKTAILS 

On The Plaza. Boerne 

249 3ooo (Closed Monday) 

* * * * * * AF 4 4 * 4 4 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 

CONVENTION CENTER BANQUET HAU 
FEB. 2 3 - 8 P .M . 
JAM t HUY GENERAL STORE ARENA BOX OfFKf 
A* Hw* S/C loch MMU, at toMas af IO 
NO CHICKS, CR ID U CARDS. OR PHON! 
ORDCRS, P II ASI 
• MAIL OR DIR INFORMATION - 8 2 8 -4 ) SI 
DRINK ANO DROW N NIGHT 
GUEST ATTRACTION: SAVER OTY SADDLE TRAMPS 

 on com m e rcia l m ovie screens. Some of (hem are just too foreign, hut many of the film s w ill go unseen generally because they are just too short. 
The short subject is rarely a part of the hill at movie theaters these days despite the fact that many a five or 2o-minute film can he better than a major feature. 
The program each of the three nights Uemis- 
Filnis w ill be held at the 
C ontinuing K ducation 
Center of St. M a r y ’s Uni­ versity, w ill include se­ veral s h o r t s and a full-length feature. 
In previews last week I had a chance to see the three feature film s. Not all of them are real win­ ners although they are all in te re s tin g , and com ­ bined w ith the shorts 
(which I didn’t see) they hould make for e nter­ taining evenings of film. 
M o n d a y night the fea­ ture w ill he the “ The 
\pple W ar,’ ’ a S w e d is h entry that has Max von 
Sydow in a small comic part. 
“ The Apple W ar” is an modern fairy tale. in which a fam ily that has magical powers that are never q uite explained stops the commercial ex­ ploitation of a small v il­ lage by developers who want to create a 
Deutschne.v land fu ll of plastic and stud. 
The film begins tamely enough with the fam ily fighting the conglom er­ ate with convention chi­ canery. They substitute a p e titio n in favor of 
Deutschneyland for a pe­ titio n against it. When one of the developers tries to buy more land, one of the brothers im ­ personates the land owners and pretends that he thinks the developer is trying to sell him a car. 
It doesn t sound like 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

 much, hut it develops in­ to a h ila rio u s piece of misunderstanding. 
At this imint the oddest thing about the family is that one of the brothers keeps kissing frogs in hopes of finding an en­ chanted princess. But the film soon gets into the kind of dragon-fighting. wood nymph fa iry tale that you would expect to find on the CBS C h il­ dren’s Film Festival. 
And yet it is not a chil­ dren’s film . 
It is, however, a confused film . It has been aw k­ wardly edited w ith the result that you often feel you’ve missed som eth­ ing. 
Short film s Monday w ill include “ M inds- cape,” a 26-minute Can­ adian film ; “ Free Bide,” 
IO m inutes. 
USA; 
“ Sculpture bv Isaac \\ it - kin." 22 minutes. USA, and “ Faces of D a rk ­ ness,” 6o minutes. Great 
Britain. 
Tuesday night the fea­ ture film is less satisfac­ tory’. It’s “ The Marvelous 
V isit.” a French fantasy bv Marcel Carne based on an II. G Wells story about an angel who falls 

 to earth. 
It s a heavily m oralis­ tic film iii which we en­ dure a priest explaining to the angel that mortals lock up their money be­ cause they are afraid of it. W ith such explana­ tions of Fa rib -hon od ways, it’s no wonder the angel is confused. 

Short film s Tuesday w ill include “ Faces,” 6 m inutes, Canada; “ A ll 
Nerts of H eroes,” 2o minutes. Great B ritain; 
“ Nixon: C heckers to Wa­ te rg a te ." 2o m inutes, 
USA, and “ Magic Bolling 
B o a rd ,” 
15 m inutes. 
USA. 

Wednesday night has the best of the three fea­ ture film s, “ Daughters, 
D aughters," an Israe li film about a man with six daughters but who wants a son 

While the viewpoint of the father may lie that of a sexist, the film ’s view­ point is not. The luther is made into a delightfully comic character, one who becomes more trivial the more he a rg u e s the s e r ­ iousness of his machis­ mo. 

I 3o PM MONDAY. FEB 14 
• 
CONVENTION CENTER ARENA 
TICKETS *4 OO SS OO i » OO ADULTS 
CHILDREN ll ANO UNDER • J ERICE 
JAM A JELLY GENERAL STORES. ALL JOfKE S t 
THE ARENA BOX OFFICE 

SAN ANTONIO SYMPHONY 

Feb. 7 

Mozart 

Beethoven 
Respighi 
Verdi 

FRANZ BIBO 
Conductor 
SHERRILL MILNES 
Baritone 

Overture and Arias “Don Giovanni” 
Symphony No. 5 
Pines of Rome 
Arias from “Macbeth” and “O tello” 

*7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
Tickets: $3 to $6.5o 
Symphony Box Office 

223-5591 

O rp han’s Tale leaves doubt 

By JAY BRANDON 
The title of Jav Neuge- b o ren ’s AN ORPHAN S 
T A L E (H olt. R in e h a rt and Winston; $8.95) turns out to be as ambiguous as the rest of this novel. 
Everyone in the book is a former resident, an employe or in some other way connected with an orphanage, The Mai- m o n id e s 
H om e for 
Jewish Boys. Just whose tale th is is b eco m e s a m atter of conjecture. 
The story is told p a r­ tially through the diary of 
D anny, a b rig h t tw elve-year old orphan who leav e s th e H om e, d e te r m in e d at first to save it — the H om e is slated for termination as an institution — and fin­ ally only to save himself 

Danny seeks out Charlie, a fo rm e r a th le tic hero who also grew up in the 
Home, and tries to insin­ u a te h im se lf into 
Charlie’s muddled life. 
D anny is c o n c e rn e d with Zionism, the rituals of Jew ish m anhood and his own s e a r c h for an u n c a p ita liz e d hom e. 
Charlie is concerned with his real estate business and his imminent retire­ ment — when he turns 4o 
— to become a rabbi. 
It requires a very high threshold of boredom for the reader to learn this 

 much. The sam e ground is co v ered a g a in an d again ,in varying scenes but in u n v a ry in g language. But the reader who expects, as a reward for his diligence, to learn 

 w hat b e c o m e s of the m any c h a r a c t e r s and th e ir m an y p ro b le m s, will be sorely disappoint­ ed. 
“ An O rp h an 's T a le ” en ds a b ru p tly , w ith 

 neither climax nor reso­ lution , as th o u g h th e author had suddenly got­ ten bored with the whole bu sin ess. R e a d e rs w ill grow bored with it much sooner. 
A real pioneer 

Bool leviiWSI 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM 

South T exans who be­ lieve this has been a hard winter should read F R E ­ 
MONT; 
E X P L O R E R 
FOR A RESTLESS NA­ 
TION 
(D o u b led a y : 
$14.95), a biography by 
Ferol Egan. 

John d ia r ie s Frem ont charted routes leading s e ttle r s and ra ilro a d builders to California and 
Oregon. 

In his expeditions he faced bitter cold far be­ low zero, snow deep en­ ough to ham per walking, sta rv a tio n ra tio n s and po ssib le a tta c k by In ­ dians. 
Egan's long biography re v e a ls in fo rm a tio n about m any o th e r s u b ­ je cts th an th a t of F r e ­ mont. 
The happy life of Cali­ fornia re sid e n ts before the discovery of gold, the p o litica l in trig u e s in ­ 

 volved in statehood for 
California, life along the trails and in the trading posts are pictured in the book. 
Egan details the court m artial of F re m o n t for 
Ins part in the conquest of California and his po­ litical beliefs in his race for the H S. presidency in 
1856. 
The book is long but well written. It also lins a large number of illustra­ tions. 

M yron Floren 
Feb 18. 19, and 2o. 

M ickey G illey 
Feb. 14, 15, and 16. 
K a re n W heeler 
Feb 17 

Attend The 28th Annual San Antonio 
SHOW 
O O E O 
JOE F R E E M A N C O L IS E U M F EB R U A R Y 11 2o. 1977 

For ticket information call 22S-42S7 

Locations: Montgomery Ward, Sears, Kalltson's Western Wear, joe Freeman Coliseum 
P erform ance Dates: Matinees, Saturday and Sunday, Feb 12 & 13. and 19 & 2o 
Start2PM Special Matinees 2 PM Fnday, Feb ll, IO A M Saturday, Feb 12 
Night Shows Feb. 11-2o at 7 3o PM 
Ticket Pries*: Ail Seats Reserved Balcony, Rows I- IO. 54 5o, Balcony, Rows 11-14, $3 5o, 
Balcony, Rows 15-lb. $2 5o Prices include gate admission. 

COMING TO SAN ANTONIO 
IN CONCERT 

SAMMY HAGAR BAND 

(FORMERLY LEAD SINGER OF M O N T R O SE) 

PLUS 

YESTERDAY & TODAY 

PLUS 

SPECIAL GUEST ATTRACTION 

ALL TOGETHER — ONE SHOW 

FRIDAY — 
EEB. 18 — 7:3o P.M. 

FOR DETAILS TUNE IN — KMAC-KISS 

TICKET INFORMATION & LOCATIONS 

 includes our 
Soup & Salad 
Bar and 
Baked Potato WF 

(special price 
Sunday only — regular menu price 
17 95) 

O P tN FROM S P M 
SumHast’s 

111 N W Loop • San Antonio 
Phone 349-24o7 

DAUSCH C, LOMU 

Soft Contact Lenses are Available at Most 
TSO Offices 

Consul! your U>k*phonc directory tor TSO locations. 

We ( die liuw yt ju lunk al life 

^ I e x a s S t a t e 

O l 'T IC A !„ 

OPEN SATURDAYS TIL 1:oo 
M EDICAID PATIENTS W ELCO M E 

There’s only one place for rasslin’, repin; racing and ridln’ in San Antonio. 

Lalo Gonzalez 
Feb. 14, 15, lb and 17. and A nacani 
Feb 18, 19. and 2o 
Toni In g rah am 
Feb l l , !2, a n d 13 

Special Guest Stars 

EXPMSS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Feb. 6, 1977 * PAGE ll 

 a b c IN T E R S T A T E /XraS'tfj 

BROADWAY 

WONDER 2 

 old amnios 'rn** t for 
A M U S IC A L FIE S T A ! 

"'Three 
Caballeros 

JA 
In featurette form 
W 
DONALD DUCK 
JOSE CARIOCA and RANCHITO 

Ttchmcolor 
Westwood 
Twin 

Ar- anc b a n in g adventure for the w bote termly 
- 

Nothing lens than the most exhilarating entertainment of the film year to date" 

.... c 
N I 
YORK TIMES 
'♦□NEE UPON 
I 
A TIME 
$ THE SEVEN r PER-CENT 
I 
SOLUTION 

Color Of Movtni tJ 
S. «#fljGCC.oe""wa»<y- ►•c 
G Commyn«c.if.or.s Release Oirected by Roil KauKj 
CENTURY 
SOUTH 
1 1 : o o - 1 2 : 3 o 

NORTH STAR 
1 1 : 3 o - 1 : o o 

'<>m rh# nj Best VeMrng S u fi 

NI VF HS A l RFI FASE { p i 
F it MNK? OL OH ‘ 
* 3 

 l l x t i i i u T i m m i r n r r r 

G E N E R A L C IN E M A T H E A T R E S 

I i m x aNTRALmRK3 l 
» i Ab#/ 
E,*«oM|I*G CtNrfA M 
HUM ................ 
J?- 

JEFF BRIDGES IN 
“ KING KO NG ” 
SAT.-SUN. 2 2 :2 o -1 :3 5 -5 :o o -7 :4 5 -9 :4 o 

LAST 5 DAYS 

NICKELODEON — 
Ryan O ’ Neat leads a team of silent movie makers in the comedy at the North Star Cinema. 
N O R T H S T A R 
3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 
CUNT EASTWOOD AS 
DIRTY HARRY IN 
“ THE ENFORCER’ 
SON. I 2 :4 5 -2 :2 5 -4 :2 o -6 :o o -8 :o o .9 :4 5 
M O N . 7 :4 5 -9 :3 o 

LAST 5 DAYS 
S H A G G Y A A . 
| » . * 5 Z £S a i 
X 
^ »9*trW«< 'b— . . J i t . 
IV 

"BREATHTAKING exuberantly funny- 

M Warming ah Screwed up 
LINA WERTMULLERS 
■H to be witness re ag:ant tatem' 
IP vincent Candy HY ftp 

I 
SAT.-SUN. AT 
■ 
1 :4 5 -3 :3 5 -5 :3 o - 
■ 
7 :2 5 -9 :2 o 
* 
MON. AT 
I V 
7 :2 5 -9 :2 o 

T III BAI) NIAVS 
12:15-2:1o 

 tjle c u 
IA 
4:o5-6:o° r s n 
7:55-9:5o 

M 
C C R E L E S S 
5 3 3 -o 4 3 1 a l l mmr im 
SCREWED UPI 

TM^CRfUS? SI OO A U SHOWS AT A U TIMES I 

THE SHAGGY D. A. — 
Tim Conway stars in 
Walt Disney comedy at the North Star Cinema and Century South. 

Ttiey re having ^ such a wonderful crime. 

 iI s a shame to call the pol ice 
I ‘45 4*2o 
AT TWO SCREiNS 
6 55 9 35 
!2:oo-J:oo-5:5o-«:o5 
1:5o-4:25-7:oo-9:25 

WINNER of GOLDERN GLOBES AWARDS 
Best Com edy or Musical 
Best Picture 
Best Actress 
Best Actor 
Best Song i i 2o N A C O -9M *1n 
7422 S W M IU TA *T 4412 C A tt AOM AN 
6 5 6 -3 4 5 4 
474-1371 
434-6611 

The coach is waiting for his next beer. 
I 
The pitcher is waiting for her first bra. line team is waiting for a miracle. 
Consider the possibilities. 

" I HE BAI) NEWS 

 moment 
AT MELODRAMA — 
Skip A ikons is featured in 
“ Gaslite G a ieties" at 
Melodrama Theater. 
CX* 
LOMIS C 
’ OOwow* 
VAN DYKE ROBINSON PROVINE 

U A L ADDEO TREAT! 

P I J In ( etal A l‘aiamount I'M tuft 

TUE GREATEST AFRICAN ADVENTURE 
EVER FILMED! 
LEE 
ROGER 
MARVIN MOORE 

SM O UT AT 
THE D EVIL 

DINNER SHOW — 
Marianna Blaze start in 
An Inspector Calls" now at The Church Diner's 
Theater. 
P A G ! 12 
EXPRESS NEWS SU N D A! M A G A Z IN E — F*b A, 19 77 

River City & a re a movies 

Film s showing in San 
A ntonio this week in ­ clude: 
Aztec-3: 
Beyond the 
Darkness + Silent Night. 
Bloody Night, The Town that Dreaded Sundown + 
A Small Town in Texas: 
Expose Me Lovely + The 
Opening of Misty Beeth­ oven. 
Broadway: 
The Se 
\en-per-cent Solution. 
C entral Park l ox: 
King Kong; All Screwed 
Up; The Enforcer. 
Century 
South: 
Chicano Love Is Forex er; 
The Town that Dreaded 
Sundown: Sex on the 
Bronx e Tube; King Kong; 
The 
E n fo rce r; 
The 
Shaggy 1). A. 
Colonies North: 
Lo­ gan's Run; The Missouri 
Breaks. 
Josephine: 
B irls and the Love Barnes 4 The 
Awakening of Annie 
L aurel: 
The B ink 
Panther S trik e s Again. 
North Star Cinema: 
The Shaggy 1) A ; Nick­ elodeon. 
Northwest Six: 
The 
Blue Bird; Sex on the 
Broove Tube; Never a 
D ull 
Mom ent 
+ 
The 

"I don’t want to hear a song and dance about your attic full of old stuff!" 
Call 
225-1666 

Three Caballeros; The 
Town that Dreaded Sun­ down. 
Olm os: 
Sun-Mon: 
.lutes and .Jim -f Black 
Orpheus; Tues-Wed: Si­ lent Sunning + Slaught­ erhouse Fixe; Thurs-Fri: 

T h e C lo w n s 
4 8 >L»; S a t- 
Next Sun: Performance 
4 \ Clockwork Orange. 
Texas: 
Fixe for Hell; 
4 The Stranger and the 
Gunfighter. 

UA 4: 
Nexer a Dull 
Moment 4- The Three 
C aballeros; 
S ilve r 
Streak: Car Wash. 
UA Cine Cinco: A Star 
Is Born; Car Wash. 
Universal Twin: 
The 
Outlaw .Joscy Wales 4 
St. Ives; Sex on the 
Groove Tube. 
Wonder: Silver .Streak; 
A Star Is B orn.. 
Woodlawn: Behind the 
Breen Door. 

IHE MOST IMPORTANT 
AMERICAN FILM OF THE 
VEAR. STAR-STUDDED 

 entertainm ent:: 

— J u d ith C ris t. S a t u r d a y R e v ie w 
. '• ‘.'N 
“ THE BEST THINS I VE SEEN 
SINCE‘CITIZEN KANE’! 
IT HAS OSCAR WHITTEN 
ALL OVER IT!" 

- R o n a B a t r e t!. A B C - J . y ^ ; * > ' 
Good M orning A m e n t * ' 
. 
- 
* T* 
Sa'V** 

CUNT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 
. J* o 
NO BARGAIN MATINEES— NO PASSES! 

E S stirring HERBIRT LOM with COHN BLAKELY LEONARD ROSSITER LESLEY ANNI DOWN 
Filmed rn PANAVIS1oN COLOR b* Deluxe Music by HENRY MANON 

N O BAHO A IN M A T IN ll OK PA S S M 
(NEW LAUREL) 
V T H O SAS PIPHO rife l i n y 

MON /FRI 

6 :o o 4 :o o 
IO OO P M 

KmO-OOUWfY* HAITH I 

 en 
FOX CINTRA Prom• 

1 2 :4 5 -2 :2 o -4 :1 5 
6 :o o -8 :o o -9 :4 5 
M O N . 7 :4 5 -9 :3 o 

€ IN T IJ Ilr , 
B O B I N 
U 
SM Mil A. •« m 35 Va 
VJ4 «S)f 

12-2-4-6-8-1o 

ROBERT 
DUVALL 
FATE 
WILLIAM PETER 
DUNAWAY MOLDEN 
FINCH 
STARTS 
NETWORK 
FRIDAY 
PROBY C HJV YI PSK T 

 bum'**- s io n r v u i M r r 
HOW ARD H T T T I U U 

> 
■ 
^ 
1 
^ 
____________ -~ C 

CENTURY SOUTH • FOX CWTR AIP ARK 

J m a w y h o u r 
I l j fSi , r I 
“ 
T IU 1 :3 o - ST .J * 
I 
1E D 
A R T I S T S 

 dl t f T f W f F H family j f g H E E E j 
552 i B 
^ 
I 
FUN! 
J 
ONE! 
$ 
FAMILY 
FUN! 

N I VTR: l l l t i N 
I » 
| N 
CABALLEROS I M U S I t i * ii 

W M T DtSMCV 

D O N T 
MISS 
THIS 
ONE I 

I ST K R E IN H JR I m- D U H 
IN O K R IE N I I U l l ' •» « I) 

Coto* 

X M I HH XI H E S T X' 
. 
NAU DI suns 
1 ™Threec 

 u b a i | p f & c 

In teAlurvtto leu rn 

: 
5 t f t € i s n n n 
M n s to u e te o n 
' 
o 
, StflR 
;• is 
BORn 

CWI NASH 
Rrhere between the hours of 9 anes anything can napper 

 and usually does1 
EXCLUSIVE 

M A T .i« IS 
H J O M O 
A IO R OO 
J *o -9:4o 

CCH OR 

WOMAN. 

TONIGHT 
IT MUST 
DIE! 

THI MOST HILARIOUS 
SUSPENSE RIOI OF 
YOUR LIFE! 

BEYOND THE DARKNESS 

(*> 

> S IL V E R 
S T R E R W > 

BLOOD ORGY! 
AIN’T. 

I SO-3:25-5:2o-7 IS * IO 

SIX STATES WANTED 
THEM JAILED. 

IIGHT TORTURE VICTIMS 

W ANTED THEM DEAD. 

ALL THI BLOOD 

FREAKS W ANTED 

W A S ONE MORE 
NIGHT . . . 

GEORGE SEGA!. JANE FONDA 
FUN WITH DICK & JANE ’ 

NORTH STAR 
343-93o4 
STARTS FRI., FEB. 11 

R H U D E:VI S U N D O W N 

A TRUE STORY 

BEN JO H NSO Naw w iw fume dawn wells 
IND FEA ruff A1 AZTEC 3 ANO $AN MHK) ONI Vt 
TIMOTHY BOTTOMS 
SUSAN GEORGE 
BO HOPKINS 
A SH A U TOWN SN TIXA1 im w m w w p p p 

EXPftfSS Him SUNDA I MAG AZIMI— fob. 6, 1977 
RAGi I) 
_____ 

A STAR IS BORN — 
Barbra Streisand stars in rom ance film a t the 
W o n d er and UA Cine 
Cinco. 

 tT fp e hot JHE 
ENFORCE* 
» 

 of the 
W orld 
Trade 
E°st"° ° d « ? ' r*Y 
Center in the film at the H°rry ,n thf °cf'lor' f,lm at 
Central Park Fox and ? e Cenfr°f Park Fo* and 
Century South. 
Century South. 

NORTHWEST BIX 
M H«<ta.r.t.«'J.*., t.. 
MF 4>M 

Chack d isp lay a d for tim et a n d p olkiet 

"TOWN THAT 
ORC ACID SUNDOWN' 

TAMARIND SUD' 
"MIM" 

"THC BLUEBIRD" 

"SCX ON THC 
GROOVE TUBE' 

H W ADRU MOMENT' 
"3 CABALLEROS" 

 jCBFMTUW Y S O U T H S f 
U X I , re m . mini 

Check display ad for times and policies 
KID SHOW----- 
ONCE UPON A TIME 

KMG KONG 

"THC ENFORCER' 

CHICANO LOVE 
IS FOREVER" 

"SEX ON THE 
GROOVE TUBE 

"TOWN THAT DRI AO to 
SUNDOWN ' 
■WWwVnfl 

BOUIE Of WAX 

Today at 
San Pedro 

OUTLAW 
JOSEY W ALIS'' 
O r d 
. st. nris" 

B A N P E D R O 
I u n I U M M OUTDOOR la. M i . at Itraari ER 
**4 M IS 

"MAN WM FU 
TO EARTH" wed 
"MONTY PYTHON 
AND 
THI HOLY GRAB'' 

Check display ad for limes 

‘‘TOWH THAT DREADED 
SUNDOWN" and 
"SMAIL TOWN 
IN TEXAS” 

11:5o-2 2o 
4 5o-72o-9:5o 
NOK. IM WK ST 
SIN 
PllltMfOMt 

 t o r a * ! * t a a t i n * i \ daily t i rtieetr* capacity i i tin* 

Why is this love story locked in the top secret files of London and Moscow9 

SILVER STREAK — 
G ene W ilder stars in ac­ tion com edy a t the 
W o n d er an d UA Cine 
Cinco. 
J 

THREE CABALLERO S 
«— 
Donald Duck is the star of animated cartoon tho wing with ‘ N ever A 
Dull M om ent'" a t the 
Northwest Six and U A 4. 

IIC prim s aa manaMae-ik Marl FiMactaai U M M aa* l e w 
I a B LA K E EDWARDS film 
JULIE 
OMAR 
ANDREWS-SHARIF 
THE TAMARIND SEED 

WHERE LOVE CROWS RNO PASSION FLOWERS. u 
IPC I 

5o5 

T H I SEVEN-PER CENT 
SOLUTION — 
Nkol 
Williamson it Sherlock 
Holmes in the mystery at the Broadway. 

PAW 14 
EXPftttS-MCm SUNDAY MAGAZINE 

 bium/a 
M 7 3o-9 SS a - ™ 
™ capacity far hm 

4f- w 

XHlCANo-wifBTo: 

(K l 

 reVEI^ 

Produced and directed by: (train Gutierrez 

Screenplay by: Sabine Garza 

Music by: Henry Balderrama Y La Patria 

Starring [TRAIN GUTIERREZ I nu Comales Henry 
Balderrarna. Sylvia Garcia. Gilbert Redriguei. Jimmy Oeligams. 
Carolina TtUNongm Chicane Bands Appearing La Patria - San 
Antonio. Brown Machine- S a * Antonio. Ma inmtban -Laredo. 
Los C animant es -Lubbock Agaprto Zwuga— Corpus Christi 
Rated PG Cbtcano Arts film Enterprises Production 

-lob. 6,1 PZJ 

5o-2 2o 
N O K T H W K I I t i * 
•arsii* matin** 
* CA I ars /s rn I T 
T 
I ■ 
**’ 
4:5o-7:2o-9:5o LaJM MMAAMI^W capacity far fire! 

•tty al ta* ll* ai U N *.. M ta.IM P«rf* im lim in g 

 vl! 

JAWS 
The terrifying motion picture from the terrifying 
No. I best seller. 

[PQ an nim mw to* KMM* ova* 

HOBERT SHAW * ROY SCHEIDER * RICHARD DREYFUSS 

 pl r m 
MBI I ti WI l l lie 
( I M I l i d 
Bdl! I H r n t w am i . . n u cm a tli 
I ta UU 
12 o(714o 
3:2o-5oo 
6:4o-o2o 
I OOO 
Tndoy: 12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-6:oo-1o:oo 

IIW IViKSAt 
( l i t I he i n 
Itll N>ba«6et Id 
Ole IBPI 

12 oo-2 oo 
4:oo-6:oo 
8:oo-1o:oo 

SEX ON THE 
■ 
I 
GROOVE TUBE 

LOGANS'' 
3.2o 7 4o 
C O L O N IE ! 
M O W N 
I IO et Wurtbedi I n 

“MISSOURI" 1 
I IO 
5 3o 
9 5o 

S u n d a y - 

W e d n e sd o y 

A Nm WORLD OF WTM I /LIN MINT! 

L o g a n is 29. 

•METRO GOLDWYN MATER i t - J SAUL D M O PR O DU CT S 'LOGAN'’ RUN' 
SU. 
MICHAEL YORK JENNI AGLITTER RICHARD JORDAN ROSCOE IEE BROWNE 
FARRAH FAWCETT MAJORS & PETER USTINOV 
«, DAVID ZEJkG GOODMAN' 
PLUS SiC O N D FEATURE (PC) 
MARLON 
V 
"BRANDO NICHOLSON 
"THE MISSOURI 
BREAKS 
■LILI LL WL ll ^ 

Starting Thursday 
“ THE BAD NEWS BEARS” (p o 
Walter M atthau and Tatum O 'N eal 

P / u s v l L I K G 
U 
A i l B b , , (P C ) 

 f 1:45-3.2o 
5:oo-6:4o _______ 
8 :2 o -1 o o o 
BW MU Mr UM lite 614-418 w m w M 
I M M b . i W i l k 
VINCENT 
PRICE 

No Pm m s 
No. Sp. Adm. 

A N D 
CHARLES 
BRONSON 

 rECHNICOLOR* 

Wax, is a howling success!'* - T IM E 

I S M i l l i o n I 
■ D 
' Wk. (tutpood twuni 

I SO-5 TO-* 
•rn Amen 
12 OP-3 167 OO 
KOWN I WIW 
. O U 'O O O * IH I A t i* 

• M U " 
7 3 o -ll IO 
'S T * AMOK* 
• 25 
,*' 7 36-111o " S T * A M C C *" • 7S 

* JO H N G A R R O 
A M A R G A R E T LEE 
A K LA U S K IN SK I 

FOR HELL 

6 
- 

 x PLUS 

■ T H E 

€ rw m % i B 
T 
/ i m 

IEE VANCLEEF 
M lH 
B 
IlllJ i 

 an d 

LO LIEN 

A l y v-w n r a f v 
/m l* Up Wa T I Yr 

 y 

THE T O W N TH AT D R EAD ED S U N ­ 
D O W N 
Andrew Prine an d Ben Johnson 

 ore on the trail o f a killer in T exarkana in film at the A z te e 3 , Century South an d 
Northw est Six. 

 ii' 

D i t t o I V I a u r m t i i t p r e v e n t s 
4 J o h n G t t i l l c r t n i n F i l m 
King Kong” 

STARRING JEFF BRIDGES-CH ARLES GRODIN JESSICA LANGE 
(TI FOX 
BW atrn o* •* M ii I* 
I144DI 

U 
? ° J ? n n r ? ° 
12: IGG? 3o-5:oo 
7 : 3 o - 1 o o o 
7 :1 5 -9 4 o 

NO RAGAIN M A IM ! * HO KASSIS * WO SKOAL ADMISSION llO tm 

NOIIHWK1T tat 
( K N I I lS lf , 
S O I I H 
V 

THERE MUST FOREVER 51A GUARDIAN AT 
THE GATE FROM HEU... 

SHI WAS YOUNG 

SHE W S BEAUTIFUL 
SHE WAS THI NEXT 

STARTS 
FRIDAY! 
TM tttW TINfl 

C h a is sa.a a n d o * c iu st in a a a in c s 

 m a rtin B a ls a m - K > n CaAAaD*HC • LOSI H A W A a v a & a A O h ia 
AATHUA AI KNL DM OUAOCSS M i AI DIT* - sn VTA MILIS • CM OOAAH W 
A 
U l WALLACH 
V — . . - . V I . MAIL a'NNCA iiri.il’ "ONVIt; 
V'T HtfHf v in>tv1T7 
...►.Gil Mf u t 
. MULHALL WNNfR . . .... » v<MA(i 
J) ti ALV KON VII I 

 a uM VtHSAL K 
TufU • ' K mniC O i O A* 
H RESniKTtD«lrj 

Mr. President... 
4 •*** ^ 
•» 
■* 
-><* s. * . 
/ , ; 
'* 
■* ; .» ■ 
"**:,*- 
> *• * 

\ 
. 
• •* 
- 
. y* 
' V ’? ^ * y*" 
We have invaded Silo 3. 
We are prepared to launch nine nuclear mi$siles. 
We demand ten million dollars, 
Air Force One... 

M O O M A W * 

I ?o soo 
I '^ a M B t f t 
' I M 
H 
B A R G A IN 
«OAJO-9*s 
M ATINEE 

THE MOST TALKED ABOUT ADULT 
RLMSINCE 'DEEP THROAT" ... 

O U T L A W J O S fY W A IS S 7 3 o - 1 1 4 o 

ST I V t S 1 o o S 

( harks Bronson is Ra> St. Ih ^ s 
BG4IND i^GRfeEH DOOR 

M A N 
7:3o 11:2o 
MONTY 
9 SO 

* 
17 OO- I 4 o 
3 2© V O O 

6 :4 © -* J O - IO OO 
K ill 
B A R G A IN 
’ * »»*» 
M ATIN EE 
Hollywood porn is here . 
Right Now.” 
Misty 

D AVID BOWIE IR) 

PIUS 
M itttloctly 

> 
M » y 
I \ 
H u m o r 
A c la ssic piece of e rotica ” 

TH * FCU N CS 
I 3 o - 1 o 4 o 

C A M A U S P U S S Y C A T S 
* I S 

PIUS 
ROBERT 
3 
REDFORD 
► 
DAYS OF 
FAYE 
I B E C O N D O R D U N A W A Y ,R 

 nm nm r rot Au r atm an turn**** mm 
TO W A C * TMI Ll A UNCUT 

I OR! MAR BAVARIA 

IWUIUMT S I AST GU AMINO 
IMMU I 4 o 

4 4 o J 4 o 
"CAMPUS 
PUSSYCATS" (X ) 

IHI ALDRICH •*, 

M I R V A O L I S O N 
RQNAlDM COHCN 
(DW AHO HUI BSCH 
. WAL UR WAGER 
S t| , Gins and The I 
'x A love Games 
Bn p lu s 

AwAkENINC|»( 

STARTS FRIDAY 

U P tfS S MEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE — NA. 4, 1977 
FAGE IS 

JOIN US FEBRUARY 12TH THRU FEBRUARY 28TH AS WE 
REVEL IN THE GOLDEN-WEST STATE OF CALIFORNIA. RISING 
NOW TO STAR STATUS AS ONE OF THE WORLD’S FASHION 
CAPITALS, IT IS TEEMING WITH EXCITING DESIGNERS AND 
FASHIONS. WE BRING THEM ALL TO YOU WITH SPECIAL 
FASHION SHOWS, INFORMAL MODELING, GUEST DESIGNERS, 
FASHION COLLECTIONS ANO AN EXHIBIT OF CALIFORNIA 
ARTIST PAINTINGS. IT ALL GETS OFF TO A ROUSING START 
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12TH WITH A 'PREMIERE' FASHION 

SHOW OF CALIFORNIA DESIGNERS, 1:oo, IN THE MALL 
COURT, NORTH STAR MALL. YOU MIGHT WIN A FLING IN 
CALIFORNIA. REGISTER IN ANY FROST BROS. STORE, SAN 
ANTONIO OR AUSTIN, TO WIN A CALIFORNIA VACATION FOR 
TWO VIA AMERICAN AIRLINES TO LOS ANGELES, WITH ONE 
WEEK'S LUXURY ACCOMMODATIONS AT THE HYATT REGENCY 
LOS ANGELES. THREE VACATIONS FOR TWO WILL BE 
AWARDED. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY p p 
Q g y 
BROS. 

M G I 16 fXPKISSNIW S SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 6, 1977 

NEVER FEEL 
TIRED 
NEW DIET, 

PAGE 7 

MAKE YOUR 
VALENTINE 
FALL FOR YOU 

PAGE 19 

BEAT FOOD 
PRICE HIKES 

PAGE 5 

GILMORES 
LAST WORDS 

PAGE 12 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK.. . 

• JOHN LENNON, speaking to a reporter from the Wash­ ington Star, D.C.’s afternoon newspaper: 
‘ Good, you're from The Star. Yoko and I love The Star. It’s the first thing we read every Monday 
Oh . . . you don’t mean the 
National Star?” 

• ERIC CAIRY. Prime Min ister of Grenada, on why he is attending an international conference on flying saucers: 
“There are people on other planets and they have been visiting our globe.” 

• DICK CLARK, the TV host. on why he and Pat Boone look so young: “ I can t say. our systems are completely different He drinks milk and 
I drink whiskey.” 

• IDI 
AMIN 
DADA. the 
Ugandan dictator on the* deaths of Godfrey Cambridge and Peter Finch who both ap- 
E ared in movies about the raeli raid on Entebbe 
“A good example of punishment by God.” 

• ELIZABETH 
TAYLOR, lecturing to drama students 
"Ive never had any acting lessons in my life — which may be clear to some of you.” 

• SISSY SPACEK, star of the horror movie Came "lf 
I get hit by a car, I want to go oui knowing I returned my neighbor s cake pan ” 

• BRODERICK 
CRAW 
FORD, on his new role as J 
Edgar Hoover, late boss of the FBI: "Edgar was an ego­ maniac, but no monster ” 

• LEE MAJORS arguing that his wife Farrah Fawcett is the logical successor to Man 
Ivn Monroe 
"There s never been a real sex symbol since 
Marilyn died Raquel Welch came closest, but did not quite make it.” 

• GERALD FORD. "I think you will have a woman nomi­ nated for vice-president and she will succeed a president who will pass away in of­ fice.” 

• MARY BECKMAN, of the 
National Women s Ordination 
Conference, on the Pope s ban on women becoming priests because "Jesus was a man.’*: “U s crazy It is not 
Jesus maleness that is im­ portant. bul Jesus humane ty " 

Rock stars drum up a bitter little feud 

DISCORD has crept into the friendship of rival rock stars Rod Stew­ art deft) and Elton John. Rod, a former gravedigger, struck the first sour note — poking fun at Elton for being chairman of a struggling soccer club near London. He added: "That’s what Elton was born for, not being a rock’n roll star:” Elton thinks Rod should have stuck to gravediggmg. "That’s where he belongs, six feet under,” retorted the bespectacled singer. 

Model is exiled by Russia because of 

Racing driver changes gears to preach gospel 

 one photo 

THE photograph that top mode! 
Cav la 
Milovskaya is holding 
(above) led to her betng expelled from her native Soviet I'mon 
Authorities were so incensed by it. the> fired her from her $2oo-a- nvonth job posing for Russian fashion pictures and made it im- possible for ber to get other work. 

Her en me' She allowed herself to be photographed by Vogue magazine sitting in Moscow s Red 
Square— with Lenin s tomb visible in the background 

And that, according to the sensi­ tive Kremlin officials, showed dis­ respect and a lack of proper dig- mt) and honor toward Lenin 

Gayla. 27, was finally allowtd to leave her homeland after job offers from Western publications began to flood rn She worked for a while in England before mov­ ing to France 

In Pans swan after her arm a1, she met her husband Jean Paul. a director of a French bank 

Gay ta now lives in P ans with her husband but models for maga anes all over the world 

She said that the best thing about being rn the West is "not 

Traffic was at a dead halt 
DRIVERS quickly slowed down when they saw a coffin in ar ex press lane on New York t busy long Island Expressway 
Finally, the driver of a passing hearse stopped Satisfying himself the coffin was empty, he look it to a ponce station where it was claimed by a driver for a casket company ll had fallen from hts flatbed truck 

 and we art* happy to share it,” he said. 

His car carries 
Hie name 
"Spirit of Truth” and on his hel­ met is written "Jesus is my pi­ lot.” 

The kids at the center, who conn* from all over the country, live iii a dormitory above a log church Tin y help maintain the ranch 

"All of them stay as long as they like and leave once they have gained their self respect,” he said. 

Jan. who was almost killed in a spectacular crash in the Hoosier 
IOO race last year, hopes to build the center into a full time Chris­ tian sc I nm I 

Sn far la* claims a IOO percent success rate helping Uh* kids 
At race tracks Jan uses his auto as a platform to speak to young stem who flock around him. 
But he says he never tries "to jam the message of the gospel down their throats.” 

K..winger is bolding court at Rocky * Pocarawo 
Hills, N Y., estate to European publishers who are frantically bidding for bis memoirs 
Leading contender is a German magazine company which has generously told the former Secretary af 
State to name his own price Kissurgers own price is said to be no less than S3 million ’ 
But he has made K very clear the memoirs are going to be a serious work No gossip, no juacy disclo­ sures are planned "It s going lo be a senoua over­ view of events he was involved with * says an asso­ ciate 

RACING driver evangelist Jan 
Opperman (above) is running a 
15o-acre ranch to help problem children. 
Jan. an ordained Pentecostal minister and a winner of over 4oo auto races, opened the rehabilita­ tion center at Noxon. Mont , with his wife Mary. 
He is financed by other race drivers. 
"We do make money 
Kissinger’s latest mission: To make $2 million 

UNEMPLOYED Henry Kissinger has kicked himself away in the country mansion of his millionaire friend 
Nelson Rockefeller and is busy trying to become a millionaire himself 

Gay la Milovskava. 27, bares all. having to get in line for food or go to the black market for beauty products ” 
Gay la said that in Russia like the West. the dreams of the work mg class were the same "Any­ where in the world people want to have a comfortable apartment, a car and a television ” 
Now she s got all three, she wants to get into films and write a book on her adventures in Rus­ sia and Europe 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

 v 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

THE SAN A N TO N IO STAR— Feb ru ary 6, 1 9 7 7 
PAGE 3 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

* 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

HAS DAVID FROST HATCHED A BAD EGG! 

OUT pops the head of Richard Nixon in this trick photo from the crazy world of Alfred Gescheidt. 
But it could be wheeler-dealer David Frost who ends up with the egg on his face. 
Frost, you will recall, made the much-publicized deal to conduct the first interview with the ex-Presi- dent since he was forced out of the White House back in 1974. 
He was due to start filming 12 two-hour sessions last November. But for a mounting number of rea­ sons, he hasn t even begun yet. 
Frost’s English 

 backers pulled out forcing him to shop around for funds. 

Nixon won t talk unless he gets $2oo,ooo up front plus another $4oo,ooo on completion. Frost is trying to sell his product to the networks, but they can t get sponsors. 

Meanwhile he’s given up plans to rent a $5,ooo a month house for 16 weeks only an hours drive from the Nixon bunker at San Clemente. And no one knows when he will start the taping 

WELL-tailored Telly Savalas has lent his name to a new line in men s clothing. 
“ They're designed for people with a m ature shape like mine,’’ said the Kojak actor with his cus­ tomary modesty. 
First off is a range of $15o suits, some of which Telly modeled in person during a swish launching at New York’s Waldorf-Astoria 
Hotel. 
Why did the lollicop want to make a name for himself in the rag trade? 
“ I know what I like in clothes,’’ he explained “ There are lots of men with good taste who want a little more boff in their clothes. 
That’s what my line will pro­ vide,” 

Lee Meredith’s family secret 

LEE MEREDITH (below) who sparkled alongside George Burns and Walter Matthau in Sunshine 
Boys, has a streak of history in her blood. 
The blonde actress has just dis­ covered she is a direct descendant of General Robert E. I^ee who led the Confederates in the Civil War. 
“ My great great grandm other’s name was Lee,’’ said the actress. 
“The family tree shows Robert E. 
Lee was my great great uncle." 
Ginger Rogers stays in shape 

UNLIKE many veteran stars. 
Ginger Rogers (above) says she will never allow a plastic surgeon near her. The reason is religious. 
“ I’m a Christian Scientist, ex­ plains the 65-year-old actress dan­ cer. 
And we just don’t believe in it.” 
Ginger, who was known for her beautiful face and legs, reckons other actresses wouldn’t need fa­ celifts either if they followed her regimen — no smoking or drink mg. 

This boy, 14, has already earned $1m 

THIS is Rene Simard At 14, he's probably the world’s youngest self-made millionaire 
Most people in the U.S. haven’t heard of him. But all that’s about to change. 
For Rene, a phenomenally suc­ cessful singer in Canada is about to be launched here by 2oth Centu­ ry Fox. He’s the first child star the studio has put under contract since their last hit. ..Shirley Tem­ ple. 
In his home province of Quebec, his records have sold many more than those of the Beatles and El­ vis combined He’s also a huge hit in France and Japan 
Bene loves his life of stardom, but he complains that he cannot live a life like other kids his age 
"Everywhere I go I have to have someone with me to stop the fans getting to me," Im* says 
"I can’t just get up and say I think ITI go and play ball in the park or go to the movies, or go to a cafe and drink coffee with my friends " 
His mother Gabrielle says: “ We are all very proud of him. 
“ He is still modest Stardom is a tough thing to handle and I think ne handles it well.” 
Little Olga Korbut calls off her Russian wedding 

U.S. teams-up with Russia in study of killer quakes 

U.S. and Russian scientists are itly studying how to predict aller quakes 
Instalments to detect and mea­ sure vibrations deep in the earth are being placed throughout the world. 
The latest has been set up in the remote Soviet village of Tadjikis­ tan and is already providing infor­ mation. 
Other instalm ents are in Aus­ tralia, California, 
Peru, 
South 
Africa, Nova Scotia and the Cook 
Islands and are planned for Bra­ zil. Hawaii, Alaska, Easter Island and Antarctica. 
Information the instruments record is sent to the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Admin­ stration in Boulder, Colo. 
Faim it. predictions of earth­ quake activity will be developed and distributed 
The U.S. is supplying and m ain­ taining the equipment for the pro­ gram and the other countries are providing land and operating costs 
The* National Science Founda­ tion and Texas Instruments foun­ der Cecil Green have contributed a $175,ooo, two year grant for the program. 
Heading up the program are 
Drs. Freeman Gilbert and Jona­ than Berger, scientists at the Uni­ versity of California at I.os An- geles. 
ELDERLY FARE 
BETTER IN POLL 
OF THE POOR 
THE MAJORITY of the nation’s poorest families are headed by women, says a top economist. 
And. he adds. America’s elderly are financially in much better 
-condition than is widely believed. 
Dr Timothy Smeeding of the 
University of Utah based his con­ clusions on government census figures 
He used the government’s guideline of slightly more than 
1.5oo income annually for a farm 

I of four to define the poor 
Smeeding said 51 8 percent of the* nation’s prxir households are iieadcd by women and 28 percent are head«*d by non whites 
Th<* poorest households. 
47 8 percent, are located in the South. mainly in rural non farm areas, 
Im* said 

THE love life of Olympic gymnast Olga Korbut 
(left) is up in th** air again Tile petite 21-vear old has abruptly called off plans to wed her 
Russian fiance this spring 
Instead, friends say, sh** has fallen for an ob­ scure English pop singer named Robert Young. 
35. who Has toured tnt* Soviet Unum 
Plans for Olga's wedding were well advanced before she called it off She bought her wedding dress during a recent visit to St. I z m iis 
The dress was lost and then found later at an 
Indianapolis bus station. Now it has been packed away in a closet at her parents home in Grodno, near the Soviet-Polish border. 
Olga, a big hit at tile 1968 Munich Olympics, recently quit competitive gymnastics. 
Young says of her. “ She s a wonderful girl. 
I m looking forward to seeing her again in 
May.” 

In calculating which families were poor. Smeeding included the value of government aid available to them. such as food stamps and 
Medicare. 
But he added he felt the govern­ ment poverty figure was too low. 

DRIVER WAKES UP 
IN A HAYSTACK 

DANNY Ray Maney went lo sleep 
[at the wheel . . . arid woke up in a 
I stack of hay 
Police said 18 year old Manev’s lear jumped a ditch and landed on 
[tup ol two large hay stacks by the side of the road near Elberton. 

Man who wrote TV smash Roots says: 
My ancestors’ haunting voices stopped me from trying to commit suicide 

Alex Haley reflects on his ‘ghosts' 

AUTHOR Alex Haley disclosed this week that ghostly voices of his ancient ancestors prodded him to finish his book Roots, which became a smash-hit $6 million TV production. 
He said the voices stopped him from killing himself before completing Roots. The book — which in its movie version has been seen in a record 3o million homes — tells the history of his family from the time one of his ancestors was kidnaped from the west coast of Africa 
Cancer Society gobbles up money 

By GUY SCOTT 
A WAVE of anger is mounting against the American Cancer 
Society over the extraordinary way it spends money donated by the public. 
A special investigation by THE 
STAR has discovered that: 
• Of every $1 you donate to the 
Society, only 3o cents is used for researching cancer or helping vic­ tims of the disease; 
• The remaining 7o cents is swallowed up in administration costs and paying the salaries of its employees, who earn up to 
$75,ooo a-year. 
• The society spends more money on its salaries than it does on research awards and grants to assist rn I Hiding cures for the dis­ ease. 
• In 1975, the latest year that its records are available, tile so­ ciety chalked up a surplus of $21 million Yet it only increased re­ search funds by a miniscule one- half of OIH' percent. 
• Despite its wealth, the socie­ ty frequently refuses to help can­ cer victims who cannot afford the medical treatment that might save their lives 
Now Cancer victims and medi­ cal experts are demanding a Fed oral investigation into the way the 
American Cancer Society handles 

• 4VI th e w 
Sublet b ' it led 

TI*# fhi**ti#»t o f th# 
St**** 
Ta# ik»*#r©«vr of ek»yti* Ceroline ll*# ti 
IConfr* *• 
TI*# lf A Ambe*#*©** tv TK# I nit#* Ne!.. 
% C s#n#to« John Mam 
AM wsd# 

Gfwi&mven 

My W>«* ti mM lint week from can vet. I prom is'd him 
Cd try to find a pi* verm in, a ceub**, end I 

 cure far this kale* af men kind 

You gentiemeti singular, or coileelively could N ip mn keep my pm m cff to my dying mn 
In 

 arriv, when it ccm--* 
• iii. *>». yo « -re rn 4 rut 
I tu t * # we did nm 

 flfxi pi ti a m ea on th#JVlm>n 

STAR reader Carton Sawyer, of Sumter, S.C., wrote this plea to Ameri­ can leaders for more money to be spent on cancer research after his son died. He concluded: “ Approximately $4,ooo people in the U.S. will die from cancer in 1977, and ifs your fault.” 

 its finances. 
Dr. Frank Rauseher, who last year quit the National Cancer In­ stitute to become a $75,ooo-a-year vice-president of the American 
Cancer Society, defends the chari­ ty’s work by saying; 
“The most important thing we have done is to make the public aware of cancer as a menace. 
The society is more responsible than any other one group for mak­ ing cancer a household word ” 
In 1975. the society raised $121 million from public donations 
Here, according to its own finan eial record, is how your money was spent: 
• $31 3 million for research and grants for cancer treatments; 

• $5.7 million to assist individu­ als afflicted by the disease; 
• $38 8 million for the salaries of the society’s 2,9oo employees which increased by 13 percent over 1974, as well as related bene­ fits. payroll taxes and profession­ al fees. 
• $24 million for supplies, pos­ tage, occupancy, publications, meetings and travel expenses. 
One of those demanding an in­ vestigation of the society is 
John Steinbaeher. executive di­ rector of the 2o,ooo member- strong International Association 
Of Cancer Victims And Friends. 
He said: ‘‘The American Can­ cer Society has become an en- t ranched bcu urea lie racy.” 

Pill gives drinks extra kick 

ALCOHOL hits women who take birth control pills harder than women who don’t, a new study shows 
Researcher* at the Urn versity of Oklahoma gave screwdrivers— vodka and orange juice—to women who took the Pill, women who didn I, and men. 
The alcohol took longest 

 to metabolize in the bodies of the women on the Pill, possibly because of the es­ trogen or other hormones 
The study also showed that while men drank more than women because of their greater weight, women whether on or off the 
1*111—felt the effects faster. 

. # 4 

 on a slave ship. Haley told THE STAR he had been de­ pressed after working on the book for ten years. 
“ I was in debt and didn’t think life was worth living,” 
Haley said. He decided to kill himself on the boat taking him back to Africa to visit his ancestors’ birthplace. 
“Then I had the most vivid psychic experience of my life. I heard voices of my dead family talking to me and encouraging me to finish my work on the took. 
“The voices were loud and clear: go on with your book . . . you must finish. Suddenly there was a tremen­ dous physical force pushing my body away from the ship’s rail where I d been standing.” 
That was two years ago and Haley believes the voices saved his life. 
‘‘I was a man in the depths of despair. In tracing my family back over seven generations, I found a lot of ago­ ny About IO years of work on the book suddenly brought me to a dead end so I decided on the trip to Africa. 
“ I wanted to recreate the incidents surrounding my ancestor Kunta Kinte, who came to America on a slave ship. It was difficult for me to write about him without experiencing some of the pain he had gone through in being torn away from his homeland. 
“ Each night, instead of going to my cabin to sleep. I crawled down into the hold of the ship. I stripped down to my underwear and stretched out on a wooden plank where I’d tried to gel some sleep. 

“ It was quite simple then to feel the pain and discom­ fort he went through lying there in chains and being un­ able to do anything for the men dying around him. 
“To be honest, I thought I was losing my own mind as I relived that experience. So I ran up to the rear deck of the freighter to get some fresh air to clear my head. 
But I was overwhelmed with the burden of the past IO years. 

“ Inside my body I was still suffering from the horrors 
I’d felt down in the hold and the pain of my relatives. 

“ My brain was wrestling with the guilt I had for being 
$5o,ooo in debt to my agent and publisher. They had loaned me the money to research my hook. 

They had been chasing me constantly, asking when 
I d finish the project. l a lied to them, saying a few more months when I knew it would be at least two more years. I realized how easy it would be to slip over the rail and into the sea. Relief swept over me and I almost felt joyful as I moved toward the rail. 

‘ That’s when I heard voices and this mysterious phys­ ical force propel my body away from the rail. I crawled on my hands and knees hac k lo my cabin and lay on the bed crying all night long. 

“ I sobbed for hours But as morning came, I realized 
I could finally finish my family's story—and when I got back to America I immediately began the writing and ended the research My experience spurred me on ” 

Putte, the pig, wins a little girl’s heart 

PUTTE, the pig, was scheduled to cele hrate New Year on the dinner table of the Carlson family in 
Hallsta, Sweden. But he was reprieved, thanks to their daughter Sven, 6 
She persuaded her parents to keep the pig as a pet. And 
I*utte has rewarded 
Sven by pulling her around town on her sled. 

THEY TRIED 
TO TELL US 
WE RE TOO 
YOUNG 
Food men tell housewives how to beat price rises during big freeze 

By MEREDITH CHAPLIN and CATHY ROUNDS 

 m 

 init jpg - ip§ 

WILL you be my Valentine? Simon Alabiso, 7, and Jane Hall, 3, art a bit young to get serious — but love is blooming nevertheless near their homes in Manalapan, Fla. Now turn to page 19 and find 28 ways to make your Valentine fall for you. 

ORANGE PEEL REVEALS THE REAL YOU 

PEOPLE reveal their personali­ ties by the way they peel an or­ ange, according to psychologist 
Dr. Edward IU ►rrumdez. He has made this analysis of orange pee­ lers: 
THE BITER—he will bite open the skin and eat the flesh I rom the peel. 
He is impulsive and extrovert­ ed. He has no concern for social criticism. Usually a sociable per­ 

 son who finds mixing and talking easy. 
THE 
STRIPPER—he scores open the skin with a knife and folds back to reveal the flesh, like a flower. 
A methodical individual who loves a challenge. Will always take the sympathetic approach to a problem. 
THE PEELER—he cuts into the peel with his fingers, drawing 

 it off the fruit in spiral fashion. 
A conformist who can be* trust­ ed He will usually get along with others, accepting them for what they are. 

THE 
SLICER—he carefully cuts the orange into quarters 
.An introverted type who thinks carefully about every move 
Usually shy. with a tendency to be ruthless in some situations 

BIST BUYS IN 
VEGETABLES 

THERE are no cheap fresh vege­ tables, hut you van get fairly good buys on the following: 
• Butternut squash out of Mas­ sachusetts and New Jersey at about 19 rents a pound. 
Sweet potatoes (25f a pound) and yams (33* a pound) out of 
New 
Jersey. 
Louisiana, and 
North Carolina. 
• Turnips t New Jersey! at IO* a pound, down trom IS. 
• Rutagagas out of Canada at 
Ilk a pound 

THE HIG freeze has sent the prices of many farm products soaring but there are ways the housewife can case the impact on her pocket­ book, THE STAR learned this week 
The two most important tips—avoid panic buying and buy canned rather than fresh vegetables. In a special appeal to housewives, Presi­ dent Carter’s aagriculturai Secretary Rotx*rt Ik*rgland said: it is up to the consumer whether or not we see panic buying 
"In the past ten years we have seen shortages of things like can­ ing lids and toilet paper There was panic buying in those cases. 
“ And there is nothing that will drive up food prices quicker than panic buying.” 
Food officials are particularly concerned about reports ot a shoe 
Iago of orange juice and citrus fruits because of the effect of the surprise freeze in Florida. 
Arthur Darling, spokesman for the Florida State Citrus Depart ment stressed this week: “ We want to dispel reports that citrus products will be in short supply 
“ We are processing orange juice like there is no tomorrow 
We came into this season with a carry-over of 53.4 million gallons 
—a 15-week supply for the nation 
And we were facing the largest crop in our history before the freeze. 
“ We expect to keep supplies to last year's record level even if we find the freeze loss to be 2o per­ cent of the crop 
“ We can say unequivocally there will not be a shortage." 
Despite these assurances there will be some increases in the price of citrus products for two reasons. Firstly, reports of a cit­ rus shortage have already in­ creased demand, and that usually leads to wholesale and retail price increases 
Secondly, the whole­ sale packers raised prices during the 1o-day embargo on shipments from 
Florida while inspectors checked for freeze damage. The packers were concerned they would lose a large slice of their crop, and needed higher prices to compensate. 
“They can then give allowances off those prices,” said spokesman 
Darting. “ And they will settle af­ ter a while.” 
Tile Citrus ixpartm ent doesn t expect the* prices to return to on ginal levels, but points out they were bargain-basement anyway 
Darling said 
“ An educated 
Tammy Wynette ‘plays it cool’ as marriage NO. 3 ends 

 guess is an extra 2 to 5 cents on a o oz. can of frozen concentrate, and maybe 6 cents in the dollar on fresh fruit But it will be so grad­ ed. by the e nd of the year most consumers won t really* notice it. 
It will vary from area to area ” 
The* department's economic research staff points out there w ill be no comparison with the esca­ lating price of coffee, and that 
Florida orange juice will still re­ main oik* of the most inexpensive drinks Ila* consumer can buy. 
However, the big freeze has hit vegetable growers in Florida arid their prices have gone up dramat­ ically since the beginning of the year. 
George Porter of the Massachu­ setts Department of Agriculture's 
Division of Markets told THE 
STAR “ With the law of supply and demand, this means that vegetables <»ut of California have also gone up proportionally.” 
“ Even potatoes, which come out of Maine or Idaho, have gone up in price because there is a much greater demand for them ” 
This list below shows the aver­ age price of various vegetables al tile beginning of January com­ pared with the price last week; 
Ut I OF FLORIDA 

COUNTRY singing superstar Tammy Wynette is getting over the collapse of her third marriage, and now she's "just playing it cool.' 
She told THE STAR this week "I certainly won t be rushing into another marriage I have already made three mistakes with men I like to think I ve learned my lesson, and won t make a fourth ” 
Tammy’s last marriage was to real estate developer Michael 
Tomlin They wed last July, hut lived together only three weeks 
Tammy, 34. said “ I discovered I didn t love him and was with the wrong person ” 
Now she s concent rating on home life with her four daughters 
They have just moved into a new home in Florida, .and Tammy said: "It’s hard tieing alone, but I have the girls to keep me com puny. And I really need some lime alone to reflect and straighten my "life out." 
Tammy’s first marriage was when she was 16, and struggling to become a singer Later she married country and western star 
George Jones, but they split in 1975. 
Picture on the right shows Tammy singing to her daughters 
(from left) Tina, ll. Georgette, 6, Owen, 15, and Jackie. 14 

 pound at the la-gmning of Janu­ ary Fairly last week they w ere 79 cents a (lound 
Cabbage was 
19 cents, last week 49 cents. Red cabbage was 
29 cents last week 39 cents 
Sweet (uppers were 49 cents a pound. Last week 69 cents, Vine ripe tomatoes were 59 cents a pound, hod week 79 cents 
Savoy cabbage was 35 cents, last week 59 cents; Cauliflower was 98 cents a head, last week 
$1 49 
OUT DF CALIFORNIA 
Broccoli was 59 cents a head. last week 79 cents. Carrots were 
35 cents a pound, last week 39 cents. 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

Grandmoms always have the time to listen 

I OVERHEARD this conversation between my little granddaughter and her friend: 
"I love my grandmother be­ cause her ears hear what my mouth says. I guess grandmoth­ ers are just nu'e. old mothers that don t get all used up anymore.” — lamina E. Gaskill, Franklin Park, 
III. 
,4 splitting one 

OCR family was having a lively discussion while watching televi­ sion when my three-year-old daughter, who nad just cut her finger, exclaimed: ’‘Don't make so much noise, my finger has a fmgerache ” — loretta Mtnero, 
Compton, (alif. 

Listening in 

MY son, 
34, said to me 
’ Momma, I am very glad Santa 
Claus got me a doctor kit I like to hear the hearts with my potato- scope ” — Mrs. <*. Lion, Camden, 
Ark. 
Lost learner 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 bed. he came into my room and said: ‘ Mommy, if you will get me a drink of water, I will be so proud of you." — Mrs. J. Caron, 
St. Petersburg, Fla. 

/ V’ fHty 

AT five-years-old. my son knew that being permitted and being al­ lowed to do something meant the same thing, yet it didn't sound right when he asked: “ Mom, can 
I have an allowance to turn the television on?” — Elinor Filice, 
Niagara Falls, N.Y. 

Complication 

OCR two-year-old remarked after we had struggled to get his mit­ tens on: ‘‘lley, Mommy, I can't wear mittens. I have to suc k m y thumb.” — Mrs. II. Libbv. (’hey* enne, Wyo. 

Seeks, plea sif 

MY NEIGHBOR S five year old daughter was taken to tin* barber 

WE HAD just got home from a long evening of shopping and I told my six-year-old son that he been a very good boy and that I was very proud of him. 
Once he had gotten dressed for 
PLEASE PRAY FOR . .. 

DORA 
. , who was hit by a hit-and run driver, that she regain the use 
Of her legs — Mary IC, lx>s Angeles, (‘alif. 
MYSELF . . , that I get Cod s strength to stay with Alcoholics Anony­ mous so I can be a i;ood wife and mother to my family. — K. UeF., 
San Francisco, Calif. 
MY HI SB AND VV ILI.! AM . . . who is in the hospital for a prostate operation, that there mil be no complications. — Thelma J. Bishop, Or lando. Fla. 
MY FATHER . . . w ho is going blind, that his sight is restored. — Carol 
Thompson, Barstow, Fla. 
MY GREAT-GRANDSON , , . that God may answer his prayers and remove him from a corrupt situation. — Betsy J., Staten Island, N,Y, 
AND all Star readers who asked for prayers 

 shop for a haircut for the first time. 
At home she was explaining ev­ erything the barber does 
. . “ and when b e s finished he hollers, 
Necks!’ ” — M.J., Seattle. Wash. 

Hiyo, Sitter 

WHEN my husband and son were playing horsie, my husband got tired and let himself fall down to the1 rug 
Brad exclaimed: 
"Giddup, Daddie, don't go giddy down." — Jean Thompson. Fargo, 
N.D. 

Last stm u f 

HEARING a loud crash in my liv­ ing room, I rushed into the room and there was my little boy stand­ ing over a shattered vase. 
“ Mommy, are vou going to di vorce me‘)" he asked tearfully. — 
Mrs. K. Clark, Miami, Fla. 
Different red/ie 

AFTER getting our older daugh­ ter into a Brownie troop. I asked four-year-old Missy if she would like to be a Brownie someday. 
“ No, I think I d rather be a cup­ cake, she replied. — Julia Stan- czyk, Chicago, 111. 

FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

We pay Si for each letter printed. 
.Address your letters ie whichever section you are writing to. Things 
Rids Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Flirtiest letters, followed by Nan Antonio Express, IVO Box 
3171. ban Antonio. Texas 78217. 

THE FIRST night of our honey­ moon, I discovered my husband was a fresh air freak. He had to have the windows completely open even though it was five be­ low outside our motel. And poor me, freezing, in my bridal negli­ gee. even under three blankets. 
J pleaded with him to close the windows but all he did was give me a lecture on the importance of fresh air to good health. 
I endured the cold for two more nights, then hit on a brilliant idea. 
I unzipped the liner from his rain­ coat and put it on underneath my negligee, then popped into bed. 

When my bridegroom snuggled up to me and discovered what I had done he got the message 
S uickly. And to this day the win- ows are only opened a crack. —- 
Amy MacAleer, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada. 
WHAT lessons h ale you had lo teach your husband or wife? Tell us about them . Write WEDDED 
W \YS, San \nionio Express, P.O. 
Box 2171. San Antonio. Texas 
78217. 
TV's tops 

MY favorite TV show is One Day 
At A Time and my lavorite star is 
Bonnie Franklin. She s just the best' 
As a divorced mother of two teenage daughters myself, I have related to something in every epi node of this intelligent .and witty sones — and I just wish I d had 
Bonnie s great sense of humor to get me through the some of the 

X 
HERE'S a summer swimsuit that's guaranteed to turn an eye. 
^ 
Ifs Catalina’s Solid Second Skin, and that's just what it looks like 
•rom a distance. It comes with scoop-back, in blueberry, black, butter* ball, geranium, greengrass, boney, mint. peach, powder blue, rose, teak and white. 
II 

The way I finally got warm on my honeymoon 

 name was as he knew I only go by my middle name. When I told him it was Shirley, he said: “ You’re not going to believe this, but that’s my first name too.” 
When our wedding announce­ ment came out in the paper, peo­ ple thought it was a misprint. And imagine the confusion on legal pa­ pers — Shirley Jean Butterfield, 
Ft. Smith, Ark. 

Predictable 

Bonnie Franklin: Favorite divor­ cee on the tube. See: TV’s tops. 

 trying situations that have come up. —- Liz Rabinowitz, Glendora, 
Calif. 

Dry drunks 

ON A RECENT VISIT TO Mexi­ co, I checked into a motel with a pool, only to discover I had forgot ten my swimming trunks. Re­ membering the manager had a gift shop and knew a little En­ glish, I stuck my head in the door and asked: “ Do you have any swimming trunks?” 
He gave me a puzzled stare, than answered: “Oh, no. Senor, 

 there are no drunks in the swim­ ming pool, only in the cafe." — 
Kevin Gerard, Bonita, Calif. 
Kid clues 

MY WIFE and I were watching a documentary on TV about the 
FBI. One of the agents said the 
FBI has over 7o million finger­ prints. 
“ So has every home containing children," said my wife. — Ken­ neth Hertz, Miami, Fla. 

A man and woman were stand­ ing close to us and she started laughing, then said: “ That’s HIS name," pointing to her compan­ ion. 
As we moved away, she was still laughing and the man was grinning sheepishly. — Mrs. Pat 
Lynon, Jonesboro, Ark. 
Same name 

WHEN my husband and I started dating, he asked mc what my first 

WHEN I was about 14, I wrote a story lor my English class about this young lady who married a 
Mountie (in uniform), who had dark, auburn hair and they lived in the Yukon »up north) and they had a baby girl. 
When I was older, I married a soldier (uniform again), who had dark, auburn hair and we lived in 
Alaska (up north) and had a baby girl. too. — Pauline McClellan. 
Sanborn. N.Y. 
Sign time 

HERE S a sign I saw in a church parking lot: "We forgive those who trespass against us. 
But they’ll be towed away just the same.” — Edward Caihell, Salis­ bury. Md. 

Moore than I 

Make waves at the shore, wearing this second skin 

WHILE my husband and I were watching the wonderfully trained chimps at the St. Louis Zoo. I pointed to one and said: "That one looks like old man Moore,” a cantankerous neighbor of ours. 

DR. ATKINS’NEW SUPERENERGY PIET 
FIGHTS FATIGUE 

THE food you eat tonight can shorten your life, rob your energy, in­ crease fatigue and bring on depression. That is the message in a new book, Dr. Atkins’ Superenergy Diet, which THE STAR excerpts beginning this week. Five years ago, Dr. Atkins rocked the medical world with his record-setting best-seller, Dr. Atkins’ Diet Revolution. 
At the time, his controversial diet theories drew censure from the 
American Medical Association and many physicians. But millions of 
Americans tried Dr. Atkins’ diet and said they felt better than ever. 

A diet pion that copes with both 
ORO weariness 

Goodbye to the feeling that work is getting you down 
Y esterday in my medical practice, I saw an inter­ esting group of patients. 
One patient was a secretary who complained of feeling ex­ hausted every day about 4 o’clock and who collapsed by the time she got home from work. 
Another was a usually self-con­ fident advertising executive who complained of spells of “nervous anxiety” with cold, clammy sweats and a racing pulse. 
Another was a housewife who had become edgy and found her­ self screaming at her children. 
Then there was a pharmacist who complained of headaches, a man who averaged ten hours of sleep, but was tired the next day, a man who had become impotent, and a mother with a hyperactive child. 
A diverse group of patients? 
Yes. But all of them had the same condition...a condition known as hypoglycemia, or low blood sugar. 
These are all types of cases I 

START OF A FIVE-PART STAR EXCLUSIVE 

 have been called upon to treat on many occasions. I treated them primarily with one of four diets. 

In each case, the patient’s symptoms cleared up. Perhaps, you, too, have experienced some of the symptoms. 

Perhaps you don’t feel as great as you think you could. And chances are, you’re right. 

Too many of us have symptoms that we take for granted If we’re a little tired, we believe ifs natu­ ral because we’re not as young as we used to be, or we work too hard, or we’re under too much stress. 

 lf we feel depressed, it’s be­ cause we have problems, or our loved (Hies have problems, or the outlook for the future is filled with uncertainty, or frustrations, or boredom. And so we really don’t 

 seek help for these everyday problems. 
We’re not even aware they exist until they go away. I believe that as you read this and change your dietary habits, you will have feel­ ings of well-being, both physical and emotional, that will make you realize in retrospect you weren't operating at your best. 
The diet plan is not just a diet for fat people, or skinny people, or people with low blood sugar, but a (net program for every indi­ vidual 
The program of custom-made diets make it possible for you to find the best diet for your type of metabolism so you can have your best figure and experience your best health. 
Although my diets can help you gain weight, lose weight, or stay the same, they are aimed much more against fatigue, anxiety, de­ 

 pression, and a host of other symptoms. 
Your first thought must be that 
I am making the outrageous claim that my diet is good for ev­ erything. Well, it is not. There is no panacea in medicine, and I am certainly not offering my diet as one. 
Actually the dirt is good for only a few things, but one of these in turn affects many other condi­ tions That one thing is hypogly­ cemia, low blood sugar. 
Low blood sugar is not what it seems by its name. It is not the absence of sufficient sugar in the blood, to be treated by taking in more sugar 
Just the opposite holds true; low blood sugar is really a term describing an intolerance to sugar or to other similar carbohydrates. 
It is better described by the term hyperinsulism, which means 
YOUR VI TA MIN-MINER AL PROGRAM 

VITAMINS and minerals are an essential part of my diet pro­ gram. You cannot expect results unless you take the recommended megadoses of vitamins and min­ erals while you follow the dirt plan. 
There are four phases to the vi- tamin-mineral therapy: 
I Basic formula 
2. Experimentation 
(building up). 
3. Tapering down 
4. Maintenance 
The nucleus of the program is a good multiple vitamin-mineral formula. There are several for­ mulations that I find suitable. 
The multiple vitamin supple­ ment I use has 28 different vitam­ ins and minerals, but I use it pri­ marily for its content of Vitamins 
A (1o,ooo units) and D (4oo units). 
The remainder of the formula is of less importance as long as it will be supplemented by additions of B complex, C complex, E. folic acid, ana trace minerals Take one of these each day to provide the base line. 
In the B-vitamin complex, my preference is for the B-5o formula which contains 5o mg. each of Bl, 
B2, B3, B6, pantothenic acid, cho­ line, inositol, and PAB A plus 5o meg. of biotin and B12 and that tiny dash of folic acid that the law allows us to use. 
Taken three times a day they guarantee 15o meg. each of the eight B complex constituents 

I cannot imagine that the prop­ er dose of folic acid could be less than 3 mg. per day. Therefore, I recommend I mg. (with your doc­ tor’s prescription) three times a day for a starter program. 
Without a prescription one would have to take eight of the o.4 mg strength. Heavy drinkers and women on the Pill or estrogen should take 6 mg. or more 
When you take vitamin C tab­ lets it is important that bioflavon­ oids, rutin, and hesperidin be in­ cluded. About 5oo mg. of ascorbic acid ami IOO mg. of bioflavonoids, taken three times a day, are suit­ able for the basic formula. Heavy smokers should use somewhat more. 
These doses of C can cause diarrhea in some persons This may be because of the filler, and may often be circumvented by us­ ing another brand 
Many vitamin C preparations contain sugar or other carbohy­ dride as a filler, even though it will not be so labeled. This is par­ ticularly true of the chewable types Avoid the chewabies 
For Vitamin E, a conservative starting point might be to use 2oo units of the d-alpha tocopherol form of Vitamin E per day 
The average dose may come to 
8oo units in men, 6oo in women, more if the menopause or vascu 
(ar disease must be combated 
For minerals, a good formula which is chelated (formed into a 

 complex molecule) with amino acids should be used if possible. 
Your total should reach 3o mg. of elemental zinc, 15 mg. (rf iron, 
4oo mg. of magnesium, and 5 mg. of manganese 
Chromium is currently a prob­ lem to find; when a product be­ comes available which provides an absorbable form of chromium, try to take I to 3 mg. per day 
Finally, take a little brewers’ yeast One teaspoon is minimum 
Take the vitamin and mineral supplements for a few days just to make sure you’re not getting stomach distress from all the pills you've begun swallowing. If you have an unfavorable reaction, it could very well be the binder or filler that comes with the vitamin. 
Now pay attention to diet. Fol­ low it carefully. Do you feel bet ter than ever, or is there room for improvement 9 Do symptoms re­ main9 lf you’re not at your best, it is appropriate to see what benefits you can derive from increasi dosages of certain vitamins ar minerals 
None of us wants to spend the rest of our lives taking unneces sarity large Quantities of vitamins so the next pnase is a very impor- 

Added zest to dispel the blues 
- even in later life 

 tant one—decreasing doses where possible. 
This can be done after a while because needs diminish as the ov­ erall nutrition picture improves. 
The removal of sugar, or alco­ hol, or the Pill, or diet pills, or diuretics all serve to normalize a previously excessive need for some vitamins and minerals. 
The tapering-down experiment is the same principle as the step ping-up. Cut back on those vitam­ ins that are being consumed in especially high dosages. Reduce them 25 to 3o percent each week, one at a time Continue to observe how you feel, lf you begin to feel worse, go back to the dosage used before tile last step-down. 
For maintenance, it’s hard to recommend much less than the basic multiple vitamin and trace mineral supplements plus some extra E, C. and folic acid. 
Most are obtainable from a health food store or a drugstore that carries some of the vitamins distributed by vitamin specialists 
Make your judgement based on the results of your tapering-down experiments. You don t want to take more vitamins than you need, but you want to keep those optimum dosages that truly keep you feeling your best 

 that the body puts out too much insulin in response to the inges­ tion of sugar or similar carbohy­ drates. 
The excessive insulin in turn drives the blood sugar down far­ ther than it had been before the sugar was taken. 
The implication of this is clear: 
Sugar or any other simple carboh­ ydrate makes low blood sugar worst1 by exaggerating the al­ ready imbalanced insulin mecha­ nism. 
The lack of sugar delivered to the brain and to the body is one way low blood sugar causes symptoms. But there is another way When your body attempts to correct the1 blood sugar level by pouring out adrenalin from the adrenal glands 
The heart begins to beat hard­ er; the mouth becomes dry, the breathing is rapid, there is a tendency to shake and be ex­ tremely tense. 
Many systems of the body can be made to malfunction in the presence of this sudden adrenalin release, and. because of this back­ firing, hypoglycemia can be the triggering mechanism of a varie­ ty of conditions sudden changes in heart rate or heart rhythm, sudden attack of fainting or dizzy spells, sudden onset of headaches or ringing in the ears, an outpour­ ing of hydrochloric acid and pep­ sin in the stomach, and even the cardiac pain called angina pectoris. 
I know that many of you will read this and notice the presence of a symptom that has been trou­ bling you, and say, “Aha! I have it I have low blood sugar ” 
Well, that would be just as big a mistake as the mistake of auto­ matically saying that you don't have it There is more than mere­ ly identifying a symptom to estate bshirig the correct diagnosis of low blood sugar, 
A key thing to remember is that sugar 

• K b you have or don’t have Jane may be somewhat hypoglycemic, John is more hypoglycemic. Helen is extremely hypoglycemic. 
No matter what degree—if any 
—of hypoglycemia you have, the mort important thing is we know, whether the new diet works to make you feel better The only way to know abort that is to try it 

RfPHWriD by Off mission ot Crown Pubbstars 
Inc from Or Atturn SupBfenergy Ore! by Roo eft C Atturn MD end Shirty Motte! Linde 
Copyright Cf 1977 by Robed C Atturn M D . md Shirley Linde Price » 9 5 

 low blood sugar can be a matter of degrees It is not something 

TEAR OUT PAGE AND SAVE 

TURN PAGE FOR DR. ATKINS’ DIET # 1 
I 

And in coming weeks: More SUPERENERGY diets, a test to measure 
* fatigue, notes on children and pregnancy. 
I 

DR. ATKINS’ DIET #1 - FOR OVERWEIGHT PEOPLE 

Notes on the diet 
WHEN we say no sugar, we mean abso­ lutely no sugar. Sugar is not the high ener­ gy food its m anufacturers would like us to believe it is. It is energy-depleting in the long run. And it is more fattening, calorie for calorie, than fat is. 
You must not only avoid table sugar, but sug­ ar in all its hidden forms Avoid foods that con­ tain sucrose, dextrose, lactose, glucose, fruc­ tose, sorbitol, mannitol. dextrins, corn or maple syrup, brown sugar, raw sugar, invert sugar, or even honey. 
Do not have anything with ' natural sweete­ ners" or "nutritive sweeteners." 
You can have some fats. You can eat salads and salad dressings, Roquefort, oil and vinegar, mayonnaise, Green Goddess. Caesar. creamy garlic dressings are OK t--------- 
Leave out the croutons and use crumbled dried pork rinds or chopped eggs or crumbled bacon 
You can have snack foods, like cheeses, olives, hard-boiled eggs, many luncheon meats or seafood appetizers 

• YOCH diet for the first week will be made up entirely of the permitted foods and nothing else, lf you can't find a food on your permitted list, that means its carbohydrate (or alcohol! content is too high and therefore not allowed at all. 

• You may eat as much of permitted foods as you want because quantities will be limited by your hunger signals. 
Even though you eat as much as you need of these foods, this should be less than previously, because of a decrease in your appetite 

• Start off with six small feedings a day. eating a snack every three or four hours If this proves unnecessary, you may then eat fewer times All feedings should contain some protein. 

• Eat breakfast even dav This should 

 rFhe Ten 
Commandments 

 be postponed only if you find no inclina­ tion to eat in the morning. 
• Take the recommended megadoses of vitamins and minerals. 
• Avoid all sugar and flour. Read all la­ bels; anything containing a form of sug­ ar or refined starchy carbohydrates is out. 
• Caffeine, as in coffee and cola, should be restricted Three cups a day is a rea­ sonable limit 
If you usually consume more, you should try to eliminate it completely during the first few weeks. 

• Alcohol will act like a carbohydrate in preventing fat mobilization and must 

 be restricted None is permitted during the first week Maximum later is to he individualized. 
People who consume large quantities or who have a "drinking problem" must avoid alcohol complete­ ly 
• Exercise as much as possible, develo- ing a daily program of calisthenics, sports, cycling, walking or jogging. 
However, avoid strenuous exercise dur­ ing the first four days of dieting, since these are the days of fuel changeover. 

• See your doctor before you start, again after a few weeks, and again after a few months. 

SPECIAL NOTE: 
If vou are on diet pills, you must discontinue their use for at least two weeks before starting on this diet. 

• 
IMPORTANTI Save this page. 
In coming weeks. Dr. Atkins pre­ sents a superenergy diet for skin- nv people, a slav-the same-weight diet, a lifetime diet and a special situation diet. You will need this page for reference for each diet. 

BODI S sp c e m a i <U. Simpson 'lunch by (or blast-off on a mn- stoa that is de'lineal to end in disaster Hie Buffalo Bills r tinning- bulk plays a Navy Commander in a bt/aire new movie, Capri corn One, about bow the I S Government fabricates a manned 
'{KHt flight to Mars rive aetata thriller also stars Elliott Gould. 
James Brob a. Telly Sat alas and Karen Black 

FOODS THAT YOU CAN EAT 

The Juice blasts off on a mission impossible 

MEAT — Steaks, corned beef. lamb chops, pork chops, tongue, ham. hamburger, fresh sausage 
In short, any kind of meat in any quantity (except organ meat or meat with carbohydrate fillers such as prepared sausage, hot dogs, corned beef hash, meat­ balls. packaged cold cuts* 
FOWL — Duck, turkey, chick­ en. anything with wings .but no stuffing* 
FISH — Salmon tuna, any *.<nd of fresh or saltwater fish any kind of lobster, shnmp. or 

 crab, prepared without flour or breading 
Oysters, clams, mus­ sels. scallops and pickled fish can be added later in limited quanti­ ties. 

EGGS — Boiled, fried, scram­ bled, pached. or omelet 

CHEESE — Four ounces a day of any true cheese May be hard, semisoft, or soft. 
No cream cheese, cottage cheese or cheese spreads until later 

CONDIMENTS 
- Salt, pep­ per. mustard, horseradish, vine- 
Blind 
‘see9 new 

 learning to in amazing 
ESP project 

By MICHAEL MOK 

TOTALLY blind people are learning to "see" colors and 
"feel distant objects in a rem arkable ESP project 
The scheme, called 
Project 
Blind Awareness, is mn by psych­ ic Carol L;aros of Buffalo. \ Y 
Dr Sean Zieler. a clinical psy­ chologist at the Veterans Hospital ta Buffalo said some of the results have been "mind boggling " He added; * Frankly I have no ex­ planation for them 
At the start of the course. Wind subjects are asked to guess be­ tween pairs of cards red and green, black and white 
Most don't score belter than chance 
But after seven weeks of train­ ing in meditation and relaxation, most of the students could pick the correct coloni 65-7o percent of the lime, by holding their hands three inches above the cards 
A few began to perceive in a way they could not explain said 

Facts on the Sun 
A house roof IO feet bv so feet receives over I 3oo kilowatt hours of energy in a IO hour day 
Bought from Con Ed ihi> energy would cost Si6c Solar cells a! 5 '■ efficiency would provide 6o few- hours of elect netty that Con Ed would sell for 18 

Mrs Ll ar os who teaches a course in parapsychology at New York 
State University in Buffalo. 
They could correctly identify the colors from across the room; and began to enjoy increased mo­ bility because they found they just know' the location of objects 
— even in a strange house 
One of the* project s most suc­ cessful students. Mrs Lola Rep- penhagen. 55. of Tonawanda. N Y told THE STAR she could "feel" color through her fingers after several sessions 
One day I went into a store and scanned* some dresses—and 
I was able lo tell which were pat­ terned and which were plain," she 
N.ud 
She also reported instances of 
* mind travel 
I had to go to Washington re eently.' she said "I knew tin name of the hotel, but had never vt foot in the capital before 
"I tried to send nu mind out ahead and get a vivid picture of a hotel room 
On the day of my arrival, the bellboy took me lo a room winch proved to be totally unfamiliar cid I insisted on returning to the front desk 
How did you know the boy took you to the wrong room?" the manager asked 
The furniture was in the wrong place.' I said " 

 gar, vanilla and other extracts; artificial sweeteners; any dry powdered spice that contains no sugar 
DRINKS — Water, mineral wa­ ter. Vichy, club soda. Perrier wa­ ter. sparkling water, sugar-free diet soda. sugarless lemonade or limeade Herbal teas, tea and cof­ fee, per specific instructions. 
DESSERTS — Gelatin with arti­ ficial sweeteners. 
SOUPS — Chicken broth, beef bouillon 
FATS 
— 
Butter, margarine, oils, shortening, lard, mayon­ naise. in judicious quantities. 
Four teaspoons of cream a day i cream has less carbohydrate than milk, so it is preferable to milk) Some of the fat should be in the form of polyunsaturated vegetable oils. 
FRUIT — None, except for the juice of one fresh lemon or lime per day 
VEGETABLES — To be added only after the first week. 
SALADS — Two small salads a dav of any of the following: Any leafy greens, celery, chicory. 
Chinese cabbage, chives, cucum­ ber. endive, escarole, fennel, let­ tuce. parsley, peppers, radishes, scallions, fresh spinach, water­ cress. Begin with a limit of only two cupfuls per day, loosely packed. 
GARNISHES — Bacon, fried pork rinds, grated cheese, herbs. hard boiled egg. pickles (sour or dill but no more than one small one!, olives (no more than six!. 
APPETIZERS AND SNACKS - 
Aspics artificially sweetened, cheeses, chicken, deviled or hard­ boiled eggs, meatballs (Without filler I, pate. salmon, sardines, sausages, shrimp, steak tartare. 

I X ! tiHi cat any of th*1 following foods the fit st wt*ek or any week; 
ItniuifuiM beans (except green or wax i bread, cake, candy, ca .In wk. eat up cereal, chewing gum cookies, corn, cornstarch, crackers, dales, figs, flour, fruit 
I (ti a d i, honey ax* cream, jam or jelly, macaroni, pancakes, peas, potatoes, raisins, rice, spaghetti, sugar. HW eel pickles, sweet relish, swtvtened yogini, syrups, yams. 
Caution 
This list is by no mean', comoid) 

Trooper’s remarkable act of courage saves girl helpless in death-trap mine 

STUDENT 
Heddi 
Silon plunged 15o-feet down a hid­ den mine shaft—and lived. 
During her terrifying fall, she was knocked unconscious as her body slammed against the rock- lined wall of the shaft. 
She awoke in darkness and be­ gan screaming. 
It was those screams that urged 
State Trooper Benny Bridges to a remarkable act of heroism that saved Heddi from falling another 
4oo-feet—to certain death, 
Alter her rescue, Heddi. 19, was told she had broken her back and might not walk again. 
But now she has amazed doc­ tors by abandoning the back brace she should be wearing and 

By ANDREW MC KAY 
| 

 is into track training at North 
Georgia College, Dahlonega, Ga 
Heddi was out hiking last Octo­ ber with college friend Erie Win- ney when she tell into the mine on 
Crown Mt., Lumpkin County, Ga. 
“ I can’t even remember seeing the hole and when I dropped I went unconscious because I hit the sides,” she told THE STAR this week. 
"When I woke up I couldn’t come into reality. I was just con­ scious of my body and the dark­ ness around me. I was more in pain than frightened. 
“ I don’t know how long I was calling out. I don’t even remem­ ber the words. 

Trooper Bridges and the girl he rescued, Heddi Silon, kneel nervously over the mine shaft she fell into. 

“ I think I was delirious when the policeman arrived. I don’t remember much of how he got me out—just that I hung onto his belt. 
"They took me to the hospital in a truck. I looked at my watch and said I had to be getting back to school. Then a doctor said. 
‘You may not walk again.’ 
"That's when it really hit me 
When he said that it just broke me apart. 
"I had fractured my fourth and fifth vertebrae and for five days 
I couldn’t move. I’m a very physi­ cal person, playing basketball and everything, and that’s when I really started going down." 
But Heddi pulled herself togeth er. Within IO days she learned she would be able to walk with a brace. By December she was run­ ning. 
"I should be wearing the brace now but I’m not." she said “ I couldn’t take it any longer.” 
Trooper 
Bridges told 
THE 
STAR ne was working out of the 
Gainesville patrol post when he got a call to pick up Heddi's com­ panion, Eric Wmney, who had reached a road and waved down a passing motorist. 
"He showed us another en­ trance to the mine shaft," said 
Bridges. "It was about 2 ft. by 4 ft and went into the side of the mountain at a 45 degree angle. 
"I was only going to reconno­ iter but when I got down about 4oo ft. I heard the girl screaming and 
I knew then that I had to go on " 
Bridges crawled another 6oo ft. then came to a cave with a gaping 
PRIVATE EYES PRY INTO YOUR MEDICAL 
PATIENTS should receive great­ er protection from having their medical secrets violated, says a watchdog committee report. 
"The time has come when the nation's consciousness about health confidentiality has to be raised,” according to Dr. Alfred 
M 
Freedman, president of the 
National Commission on Confi­ dentiality of Health Records 
He told THE STAR there are firms which specialize in obtain­ ing private information 
"These people don’t mind dress­ ing up in white coats to get what they want, or calling long dis- 

BACKGROUND 

 lance and pretending to be doc tors.” 
The Commission feared a future in which all sorts of information concerning people’s bank ac­ counts, health records and police dossiers would be punched into huge computer data banks. 
"lf we do not act, investigating firms in California could probe the details of a 
Connecticut child’s emotional problems — or an Ohio job seeker’s cancer or heart attack without valid rea­ 

 sons," he said Freedman told of a Denver, Colo, firm which boasted "it could get any health information on anybody, any- 

It* is now under investigation by the FBI. The company, now de­ funct, was called the Factual Ser­ vices Bureau Inc. 
"This is just the tip of the ice­ berg,” he said. Privacy violation reports have been flooding in since his group was formed six months ago. 
Most involve private investiga tors who pretend to be doctors, lawyers and health professionals to get al medical records 

 hole in the floor. He later learned the hole was another shaft which plunged 4oo ft. down. 

He inched across the 8 ft. wide hole on a narrow log and found 
Heddi on the other side. She had landed in a depression filled with soft earth. 
He said: 
“ I was scared to death. I wouldn’t have gone in there except that I could hear her screaming and knew she was alive and needed help." 
•Trooper Bridges' rescue came on his first day at work after being named the State’s top po^ beeman by the Peace Officer’s 
Association of Georgia. 
He had dived 45 ft. into a lake to save a woman who jumped from a bridge. 

U.S. orders new pollution torts for motorcycles 

THE U S. has declared war on motorcycles that pollute the air. 
Tough new standards will come into infect next January, cutting by more than one third the amount o! hydrocarbon and car­ bon monoxide they can emit. 
And two years later, motorcycle manufacturers will bt* required to further improve the standards 
At present, motorcycles pump out six times more hydrocarbons and more than twice as much car­ bon monoxide as automobiles. 
The U S. Environmental Protec­ tion Agency says the new stand­ ards will have the greatest effect in 
California, 
Phoenix Tucson, 
I lousier) Galveston and Denver— all areas with large motorcycle populations and problems with air quality. 

$42,ooo for Jesus Christ 

RETIRED teacher Ernest Digweed has baffled lawyers by leaving his 
$44,2oo will to . . . Jesus Christ Digweed, who died last year in Ports­ mouth, England, made two stipulations: Christ had to come and collect the money within 8o years or it would go to the Government, and Im* had to provide proof of identity A British Government spokesman said: "It’s very puzzling We shall have to see if the will is to be con­ tested." 

STAINED GLASS 
CLASSES & WORKSHOP 
NOW ENROLLING 

The world’s largest Stained Glass schools are now teaching in San Antonio. Famous Five Week 
Basic Course covers: Cutting Glass, Soldering, leading-up, making 
"Suncatchers," 
Stained 
Glass Windows, and 
Tiffany" lampshades. For reservations and information call this toll free number: 
I -8oo-654-8466 
(Form erly P e n d le to n Studios) 

Strongman Kim uses his pull to catch a bus . . . with his teeth 

Kim “The Jaws” Tinkler sinks his teeth into his latest challenge - pulling a nine-and-a-half ton bus by mouth. Tinkler, 22, a part-time angler, was practicing for a charity event in Saltburn, England. He said after: “It’s left me with a stiff neck.” 

FREDDIE PRINZE 
1954-1977: We Knew Him As 'Chico 

Freddie Prince alone 

Hr got more and more depressed, say friends. 
Once a happy union 

Oct. 13, 1975, was one of the happiest days in 
21-year-old Freddie Prinze’s life. The brown-eyed su|»erstar wed the former Katherine Cochran at 
Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. 
Freddie had met his “ Kathy” during a vacation at Jackson Hole, Wyo., and said after the m ar­ riage: “ Kathy has made me a changed man. I'm more relaxed than ever." 

And on March 8, 1976. Katherine made him a father. Freddie Jam es Prinze Jr. is now almost 
11-months-old. 
In December, Katherine filed for divorce. 

By IVOR KEY 
FR E D D IE PR IN Z E m ade m illions laugh as the quick-w itted C hicano g arag e hand in Chi­ co and the Man. But behind the greasepaint there w as a troubled unhappy m an. 
Despite millions of dollars he amassed in the last three years with TV fees and astute land and share deals, his private life was in a mess. 
And when it came to the crunch, not even his friends to whom he appealed in desperation for help could save him. 
Ironically, until just before he shot himself on 
January 28 he had seemed to be one who could handle fame and fortune 
“ After all, I had been dreaming of it since I was a youngster hustling round the clubs of New 
York," he said recently. 

But he was hit by a series of setbacks off the screen — a court row with his agent and drink and drug problems. rho final blow cam e in Decem ber when his beautiful wife Katherine filed for divorce after a 
14-month m arriage. 

When he met her on a horse-riding vacation in 
Jackson Hole, Wyo. he thought he had the answer to his dreams — a woman to settle down with and raise a family. 
"Before that I d go running around with a differ­ ent woman every couple of nights — some good women, some not so good” he said after the mar­ riage in l^as Vegas. 
“ But Katbrine has made me a changed man. 
I'm more relaxed than ever and not anxious or insecure about myself or my career. 
“ M arriage is really the life for me. I love it. It has made me satisfied to stay at home. Now I have everything I need right there, it’s all the things I was searching for in life up to now, and never found. 
"Just being at home with Kathy is a big thing for me. We watch TV, listen to m usic, maybe have some friends over." 
Kathy, who wasn t in show business also pre­ ferred to stay at home — and when a son Freddie 
Jr. was born IO months ago, they thought they had found an idyllic existence. 
They set up two homes — one in t a Castena Drive in Beverly Hills and the other in the San Fernando 
Valley. 
Freddie would work hard on the set of Chico in the day and allow himself occasionally the excite­ ment of a stint at a local club. 
But somewhere in the past few months the m arriage went sour 
Friends know the reason but won’t talk about it. Freddie began taking tranquilizers and got more and more depressed. 
K a th n n e filed for divorce. 
Freddie refused to agree to ali­ mony but said he would make a property settlem ent. 
He moved out into the plush 
Beverly Comstock Hotel where he would call friends around to cheer him up in the evenings. 
Two months ago, he was picked up for driving under the influence oi drugs. 
Tranquilizers were found in his shirt pocket. He was due to be sentenced February 28. 
'Hie highspot of his career — an invitation to appear at President 
Carter’s inauguration also turned uito a somewhat bitter memory- 
His jokes about the I Alert© Ri­ cans got him a lot of laughs from his political audience. 
A friend of Freddie's said: He was already depressed about the marriage but became even more depressed when he heard criticism 
NBC producer Jimmie Komack who grew up three doors from 
Pruue and was in his hotel room when he shot himself, gave him his starring role in Chico And The 
Man. 
Komack tearfully said of him "He was the best young co­ median I’ve seen come along in 2o years.” 

Tragic for ‘Chico’ 

F reddle and wife Katherine seemed an ideal couple. Then she filed tor divorce. 

They knew him as friend 

Though stardom , or super-stardom , only caught up with Freddie Prinze in 1974 with the hit television series “ Chico and the Man,” the young comedian listed many Hollywood per- sonalities as friends. 
Top on the list could be Jack Albertson, his co-star in “ Chico,” or Sammy Davis Jr. or 
Richard Pryor or Dick Gregory. 
He called them all “ Good Friend.” 

DAVIS 
GREGORY 

ALBERTSON 

PRYOR 

TV series an instant hit 

A tw een S e p te m b er, lHf-1, and April, 1975, 
‘‘(jliieo and the M an” beta nu.- the most widely viewed new program on th]* 
NBC 
T elev isio n 
N (Awork. 
Tile s ta rs . F re d d ie 
Prinze and Jack Albert­ son, became familiar to millions of viewers as the sassy young mechanic’s 

 a p p r e n tic e and the g ru m p y old g a r a g e keeper. 
Around this page are scenes from se ries in­ cluding several of the zanier roles the pair in­ dulged. 

' 
Chico and the 
Man 

Freddie’s rocket to stardom 
Freddie Prinze’s death shocked the en­ tertainm ent world. His rise to fam e was the stuff of Hollywood’s very glam or: The hit actor m aking the big splash. 
But while most only knew him as the funny man 
Chico on TV’s “ Chico and the Man,” Freddie’s story had its roots in the real world of New York City. 

“ Feels good. Feels fine. Always thought I d be something. I mean, I didn’t wanna be a wino, man. 
Ain’t nothin’ sadder than a 3o-year-old wino,’’ he told an interviewer. 
“ And I got out. Got my family out, too. It’s there if you want it, man. But don’t be lazy. Nobody’s gonna hand it to you.” 
By any objective evaluation 22-year-old Freddie 
Prinze was an overnight sensation. 
Co-star af the top-rated TV show, “Chico and the 
M an,” he had played Vegas and hung out with 
Sammy Davis Jr. 
As his favorite phrase went, he was “ Looooking 
Gooodd.” 
“ Okay, maybe in the TV sense I’m an overnight success,” Prinze rationalized. “ Yeah, because the first time I did the Carson show, they had me spotted for ‘Chico.’ But I worked every dump in New York for two years. I did all the showcases. Five shows a night, for no money. Most of the time, I didn t even have cab fare to get downtown. 
“ I had to crawl over winos and junkies just to get into our apartm ent. And — bad to do it on my own. 
Who’s gonna come to see me where we lived? You • can’t do 3o minutes to four bums and a wino. Hey, I paid dues,” he said shortly after his 2oth birthday. 
“I don’t have to apologize to anyone.” 
Prinze grew up in Washington Heights in upper 
Manhattan, one of a sm attering of Puerto Rieans in a mostly black neighborhood. Much of his stand-up comedy act came from those mean streets. ‘Slums with trees,” he called it. 
HE WANTED OLT. 
“ I was so scared of where I lived, m an," Prinze said. “ I hated it. AII I saw were pim ps, junkies, winos and dealers. Oh, I want (si out of there so bad.” 
He decided on show business very early. “ Almost from b irth ,” he recalled, “ It was that old thing about getting attention. I needed attention. Hey, what’s a comic all about? We just want people to love us." 
Ile became the class clown, and when he got ac­ cepted to Perform ing Arts High School, it all began to pay off. Acting classes. Ballet classes. Comedy showcases. 
“ T here’s 5o guys back there funnier than me, m an," Prinze said "And most of them are still on the corner, nodding out. They didn’t want it like I wanted it. They didn’t work at it. After school, they didn’t hustle. I used to come back home at 3 a.in. 
"Hey, I never got a diploma from my high school because I couldn’t wake up on time to get to class . . 
But it paid off. I got out. I bought my parents a home in California — moved them the he out of there.” 
._ 
He had no ties back there anym ore, and no re­ grets, he often said. 
If there is any sense of loss, he hid it well. 
“ T here’s nothing to m iss, m an,” he claim ed. 
“ Nothing.” 
Except his childhood. 
Prinze didn’t have one. He had difficulty relating to people his own age it was said. 
“ I gave it all up willingly," Prinze said. “ When I was 12, I felt like I was 2o.” When he was 2o he said 
"som etim es I feel in my head like I’m 3o. Maybe I missed it. But I didn t give up anything that wasn’t worth giving up. You’d never find me drinking wine on Amsterdam Avenue." 
He was taking ballet lessons while the other cats were getting loaded he said, adding; "You know what it’s like for a cat from my neighborhood bi take ballet lessons? I was alm ost an outcast in my neighborhood growing up. I was always doing so­ mething to improve, my chances of getting out The other guys didn’t do that. Maybe that s why they’ll never get out.’* 
But it’s all ended now. The young folk hero from 
New York City is gone . . . but not forgotten. 

LOST’ TRIBE MAY HOLD KEY TO 

 bf 

A HOSTILE tribe of Indiaas in the angles of South America could 
Ip doctors find cures for some of mankind's most dangerous dis­ eases 
The 55o-strong Worani tribe, iso­ lated in the rain forests of eastern 
Ecuador, are among the healthi­ est people on earth, according to a research team from Duke uni­ versity, Durham. N C. 
The Worani don't have heart disease, or high blood pressure, allergies or obesity,” said Jam es 
I carrick, who led the expedition to find the tribe 
L,arrick told THE STAR that the Worani can run literally all day long without tiring 
“ Their 

DISEASES 

 pulse rates are very slow and their blood pressure is low,” he said 
“They don’t even suffer from venereal diseases, although poly­ gamy and polyandry are both commonly practiced. (In polyga­ my, a husband has several wives; in polyandry, a wife several hus bands). 
"Their only health problem, as best we could determine, is bad teeth.” 
According to I carrick, the Wor­ ani. who hunt with poisoned darts 

 and conduct fierce feuds with neighboring tribes, enjoy a healthy and varied diet: 

"W e ate lots of stuff when we were with them — monkeys, pir­ anha. parrots and wild boar,” he said. 
"The Worani take all these things, like parrots, and chuck them in the fire, feathers and all. 
“The same with larger animals, like monkeys, that they kill with their blow guns. Into the fire with the skins on.” 

(carrick estimated that 8o per­ cent of the Worani die from un­ natural causes — mostly in bloody tribal clashes. 

STARSCOPE ★ S TARSCOPE ★ STARS'COPE u 
AN 

Alt I KS: 
March ii tu April ID 

 older individual may concern you Use self-control when deal­ ing with unhappy per­ sons Social life bright­ ens, but friends disappoint you 

□ 

TAI Kl S: April it! to Mat it) 

AVOID deceptive finan­ cial practices. Interna­ tional events could af­ fect you. 
A restless urge hits and you can't stay home 
Watch out for disappointing job news 

W ' 
I .KO Jul> i i to 
F. 
Autoist ii 
TROUBLES erupt at home You need emo­ tional strength to over­ come serious blows to your love life. Mate or close associate disap­ points you 

SAUM ! AKR Si 
Not i t to Dec it 

SECRETS or clandes­ tine intrigue backfires. 
Find fresh outlets for energy. 
Travel plans turn out a flop Be alert when driving or riding 

!.>i 
\ I IU .ll; August it to sept i i 

SOCIAL life is 
Use1 a tactful ai in dealing ones Pesky health woes or problems at work surface. 

 good rn approach with loved 

EJ 

 t A l * l t l l l H I N : 
I lei ii tu Jan ID 

BE patient over the weekend. Your schemes will work out eventual­ ly. Making any invest­ ment or financial trans­ action is folly. 

Q 
I 
(.EMINI: 
Mal ggJJ ii to June ii 

BE patient when criti­ cism seems unfair. 
Wear bright yellow iGemims color) to fight the blahs. Plan ahead financially. 
You may need extra money. 

□ 

(A M E R : June i i lo July i i 

ROMANCE finds rough going You may feel in­ secure and become too demanding. 
Avoid fi­ nancial discussions that turn out to be disap­ pointing. 
SS 

LINKA Septem ­ ber i i lo Oi l ZI 

TH ERES a surprise call coming Indulge in domestic fix ups Some hassle in the home is up­ setting. 
Don’t strain relationships. 

MJI AKIL S: 
Jan it! lo tr b IV 

AVOID rash action in career areas. 
Snappy invitations and good news brighten social life. 
You must be strong when a problem faces you. 

St OK LIO: Octo­ ber it to \ o i i i 

AVOID arguments. 
Look for bargains at sales. Stay geared for unpleasant communica­ tions. Use extra caution in the home area. Trou­ bles erupt 
Cf 
PISCES: 
Keb 3V to March ai 

REVIEW career plans 
You may take on more responsibility. A friend may be erratic. You need a mood lifter — try soaking in bubble bath 
LAURIE BRADY 

Father Meersman added: “ It was somehow not an emotional moment. We had come very close in the last days. But you reach a certain point when you’re dealing with these things — you do what has to be done. 
“ We had many long talks. Con­ trary to psychiatric theories, he was not in love with death. He loved life. 
But he was not a coward. He campaigned for his ow*n death be­ cause he believed he had no op­ tion. He could not face a life sen­ tence behind bars. 
“ He had already spent 18 of his 
36 years in jails. Death frightened him, but he was even more afraid of living out his days in prison 
“ He told me it would break him. ‘Better to die with dignity,' he said. 
“ I guess that's all that was in my mind I didn t think about my own feelings, because I was con­ centrating on doing what I could to help him die with dignity. 
“ He tried his hardest to a r­ range it that way, and in the end it was the way he went — with dignity.” 
Gilmore's father was a Catho lie, and Gilmore was raised in the faith. But later he dabbled in Or­ iental mysticism and he was said to have rejected the Church. 
But Father Meersman says Gil­ more kept his basic religious be­ liefs 
“ He believed in life after death and the immortality of the soul.” said 
Father 
Meersman 
“ We talked about it a great deal, but let's leave it at that I have an ob­ ligation to him. 
“ I spent many hours with him, especially at nights He was par­ ticularly concerned about the two men he had killed in cold blood. 
"We often read together from the Bible. Two nights before his death we read the story of Christ and the paralytics who questioned the Savior’s power ana how He forgave them, telling them to take up their beds and walk. 
“ It was the story from the Gos­ pel of St. Mark Gilmore liked that very much ‘My middle name is Mark,' he said.” 

Priest reveals: ‘Gary Gilmore's last words as fie died in my armsf 

By BARRIE WATTS 

Gilmore: Calm before death. 

 arm s 

TH E P R IE S T who befriended G ary Gil­ m ore in the D eath Cell told for the first tim e this week how the killer died in his 

And he revealed that the “ Death Wish” m ur­ derer was secretly reconfirmed in the Roman 
Catholic faith before he faced the firing squad at 
Utah State Prison 
Father Thomas Meersman, part time chaplain at the jail, told THE STAR: 
“Gilmore died a Catholic. Shortly before he was executed, we cele­ brated the Mass together and he took Communion. 

S rn-- 

Father Meersman 

"His last words on earth were spoken to me. As they came to 
E ut the hood on him after he had cen strapped in the death chair, he said: ‘Dominus vobiscum.' 

" I t s the Latin for 
Ixird be with you.' 
May the 

“ He was looking right at me as 

 he spoke. His voice was quiet, but firm and controlled. 
“ I gave the response: ‘Et cum spiritu tuo’ — it means. And with your spirit' Those were the last words he heard. 
“ He seemed very calm, out­ wardly. I ve no way of saying what he was going through inside, but he showed nothing externally. 
“ I d say he had a dignified composure. I know he hadn t tak­ en any medication for his nerves. 

 outside the Utah State Prison. 
“ Then the shots rang out. He was held by a neck strap, but his head slumped forward a little bit 
“ I went to him to hold his head upright Death took a little while 
— some reports said it was two minutes, but I can't be sure. It seemed like it was about 3o sec­ onds. 
“ I cradled him while he was dying It was just something I felt should be done. 
"He died in my arms. There was very little blood ” 

How couples can avoid 
‘cat and dog spats’ 

FIGHTING like cats and dogs is more than a saying 
It s some­ thing many couples do and it’s dangerous, says a top psychia­ trist. 
“ Sometimes, the anger of the two people is so great it erupts in­ to physical violence,” Dr. Arline 
Caldwell of Roosevelt Hospital in 
New York told THE STAR 
"But this need not happen if the couple can get hold of themselves, stop the cat-and-dog arguing, and come to some understanding," 
Dr. Caldwell said. 
Realizing why you have fights is the key to avoiding them, accord­ ing to Dr. Caldwell. 
And she disclosed there are four major subjects which cause m ari­ tal discord — money, sex, in-laws and children 
Of all these, she said, sex is the most sensitive — especially since many couples unconsciously be­ lieve they must fight as a prelude to their lovemaking. 
“They alleviate their guilt or anxiety about sex by having ver­ bal fisticuffs first,” Dr. Caldwell said. 
“ While some couples prefer a relaxing cocktail or a little music before sex, these habitual battlers need a verbal shootout to excite themselves." 

Whatever the reasons you fight, 
Dr. Caldwell said, remembering the following points can help you control your hostilities without taking them out on each other: 

• Keep track of when you fight and make a special effort to avoid your usual anger when those times come. 

• Don't respond when your partner seems to be picking a fight. 
• Instead of starting a fight, take a few minutes to tell the oth­ er person, simply and calmly, what's bothering you. 

• Don’t expect instant solutions to problems, especially financial ones. Accept the fact progress must be made gradually. 

• liearn to listen to your spouse without interrupting 

• Even if your spouse is criti­ cizing you. hear him out Then if you don't agree with the criti­ cism, tell him why — calmly. 
• If your partner suggests a le­ gitimate change you should make, make it. 
• Apologize when you know you’re wrong. 
• Be prepared to compromise on touchy subjects like money and in-laws. 
• Discuss openly your differ­ ences about raising the children. 
If you disagree with your spouse's methods, suggest an* alternative 
• Understand your hang ups about sex so you'll recognize when you're requiring a fight to permit your lovemaking 
Talk about your sexual attitudes, and how they developed, with your partner 

• If you try these methods and still can't put an end to your fights, see a marriage counselor 
— at once. 

Crowds wait in line to see the mysterious cross in window. 

TEN thousand people have visited a small town in South Carolina to see a cross mysteriously reflected in a bathroom window 
The window is in the trailer home of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Har­ ley in Pontiac, S C. 
Harley, 63. a retired metal worker, first saw the cross in ear­ ly December last year but decid­ ed it was only a light reflection and didn't mention it to anyone. 
A few days later, however, a neighbor who was visiting the 
Harleys saw the cross, and so did 
Mrs. Hurley. 
“ I felt it was a sign from the 
Ixird and if I could touch it, I would be made whole,” said Dor­ othy Harley, 51. 
The neighbors told others about the cross. Stories appeared in newspapers and on radio and TV 
Soon, crowds were waiting in line outside the trailer to see the cross. 
The 
Harleys welcomed the crowds as long as possible but were soon overrun by them, even though a few left donations in plates in the kitchen. 
"They wore out the floor,” Mrs. 
Harley said “ They crushed out cigarettes on the floor Some peo­ ple even went up on top of the trailer trying to see if something was rigged. 
Photographer Larry Cagle who visited the trailer 
Iola 
THE 
STAR "The cross doesn’t appear on the glass, It looks like it s out in the back yard. At night it looks 

 like it’s about eight teet «.'ross and 15 feet out from the window. 

"In the daytime, the cross ap­ pears like it s about 5o feet away from the window and maybe 3o feet tall. 
"During the day, the thing moves around as the sun moves. 
It s extremely bright then. You can’t look at it without sunglass­ es.” 
One neighbor of the Harleys has seen the cross four times He says he has seen it when there was no possible way for light to be re­ flected. 
"I saw the cross when it was raining and dark and overcast.” he said. 
"I believe it’s a miracle " 

New autos will show top speed of 85 mph 

Photographer Larry Cagle’s picture of the cross. 

Mr. and Mrs. Frank Harley in the bathroom of their trailer. 

THE government wants to make 
85 miles per hour the top speed shown on U S. auto speedometers. 
And though the new speedome­ ters wouldn’t become law until 
198o, some car makers are al­ ready installing them. 
The U S. Department of Trans­ portation believes its proposed law will slow down fast drivers and make speedometers easier to read. 
"When you’re going down an in­ terstate highway and you look down at your speedometer, you can read it faster if it doesn’t have all those numbers on it,” said Harold Paris of the depart­ ment’s National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration. 
Speedometers on most U S. cars now show a top speed of 12o 
Th** government believes show mg the top speed as 85 will re­ move drivers’ temptation to push their cars to the limit. 
"There is a tendency for young drivers to test how fast the car will go Hut if he can only see 85. then he might not try to go be­ yond it,” said a government engi­ neer 
"We think this will prevent some accidents by keeping the drivers closer to the 55 mph limit 
The reason we want the speedom­ eter to show 85 is really only for emergency or passing condi tions.” 

Since car manufacturers have to make new speedometers any­ way, it won t cost them a cent. 
"This is one of the few stand­ ards we’ve ever proposed that th** domestic car m anufacturers said they would do for nothing." 
A Ford Motor Company spokes­ man said th** new speedometers will be* in all new Fords by Au gust. 

At General Motors, th** speed­ ometers are already being in stalled in th** new full-size cars and will la* introduced for smaller cars in 1978 
Chyrsler and American Motors both say they are considering lh** new speedometers. 

This eating place really is a dump 

A MIDWESTERN town's dump is its most popular eating place 
Cafeteria style courses at th** 
Uproot Town Dump in Seeley, 
Win , include venison and spare ribs cooked on a w«»od burning stove in the dump s old shanty. 
Dump caretakers Edna Huff and Hat Harris said the townspe<f pie chip in to pay for the food 
The tradition started when the caretakers invited chilled hunters into the shanty for coffee and sandwiches 

Library lets kids borrow favorite toys 
CONGRESSMAN STRIPS HIMSHF OF 
I HNR TO UNGERS STORE 

Thousands crowd mobile home to see mystery cross reflected in glass 

 ly reported his underwear connec­ tion. 
Frederick’s is the nation’s best­ known mail order house for what it calls "exotic” fashion — espe cially lingerie with outspoken bed­ room appeal. 
Its product line includes sexy black bras and panties designed to make feminine charms more accessible and items which build up the less-endowed figure and display the well-endowed one to best advantage. 
Besides its 3o-year-old mail or­ der operation, Frederick's has 1o7 retail stores in 31 states. 
"It was strictly a financial deci­ sion to sell the stock,” Steers said "I bought it as a growth stock and the last quarter it didn't grow.” 
He admitted the political impli- catioas "crossed my mind" but said: "The most votes I thought 
I would lose, would be three and 
I would probably gain that many.” 
Frederick's founder and presi­ dent, Frederick Mellinger, said he understood Steers’ position. 

"We feel we are doing our bit to protect the institution of m ar­ riage, but a congressman must protect his flanks,” 
Mellinger said. 

"We have thousands of letters from wives and husbands who say our products have saved their marriages. Women write us and say we have helped thorn keep their husbands happy. 
"Our customers tell as we have given them a fighting chance to 

Frederick's of 
Hollywood ad: 
Sells ‘exotic’ apparel. 

 compete with what their husbands see in the office every day." 
Of Frederick’s profit picture, 
Mellinger added “ We are a very sound compony 
"We experienced fluctuations, as did almost everyone in this business, i i i t h * * last quarter. Hut 
I can say without any hesitation thiit it is all upward now for Fred crick’s." 

 redcrick’s 
O f HO U Y W O O D 

H m m m c , c o t m oi i 
I 
I'OTr»'■ "«1j» “* 
I [ J M (ll 'v »\ O'* lyti 

 l f )»» ‘lo., . r f KjtNt*>Pt< *1 
I 
I—- 

LEND a kid a toy and maybe he’ll borrow a book. 
That’s the idea behind a new program that lets youngsters check out toys from the Chicago 
Public Library. 
Four library branches offer more than 1.ooo toys to children between two and six years old. 
The kids can borrow the toys for three weeks. 
Toys available for loan include planes, trucks, puppets, blocks, construction sets and games. 
"The combination of toys and books gives children a sense of joy in the library which remains after they’re grown up,” said branch librarian Ole Sajevich. 
Congressman Steers: He has no problem with votes. 

A CONGRESSMAN has sold his stock in Frederick’s of Hollywood 
— the famous sexy lingerie com­ pany — shortly after his business interest was reported in the Con­ gressional Record. 

But Rep. Newton Steers, Jr., 
(R-Md.) denied that he got rid of the stock becaase it was political­ ly embarrassing 

“ It was strictly a financial deci­ sion,” he said. 

Steers reported the 
$22,(KW worth of stock to the Congression­ al Record as part of his net worth of more than $15 million. 
Washington newspapers gleeful- 

Lee Grant nearly drowns on a movie set 

STAR GOSSIP 

Michael Landon of TV s Little House On The 
Prairie — dances with wife Lynn at L.A. party. 

EVERGREEN Oscar winner LEE 
GRANT was almost drowned dur­ ing the filming of her latest movie 
Airport 77. 
The beautiful star of Shampoo was knocked unconscious and narrowly es­ caped death when she was engulfed by gallons of water. 

The crew thought Lee was dead when they dragged her limp and battered from beneath the debris. 
“ It was terrifying,” said Lee. “ It hap­ pened suddenly. I just remember being rolled over, gasping for air, and then waking up ’’ 
Lee, who looks 15 years younger than her 5o years, was filming a plane crash scene. 
It called for a water tower to fall as the plane crashed. 
But she didn’t expect the impact to be 
Carter's big Civil War secret: His ancestors could only make private 

By BOB BOYO 
HISTORY buffs have been puz 
/.led by Jimmy Carter’s reticence about his family's role in the Civil 
War. 
Now THE STAR can reveal one possible reason for his silence: 
None of Carter's ancestors rose above the rank of private, al­ though all were property holders considered welltodo for their time. 
We tracked the Carter ances­ tors who served in the Confeder­ ate Army through the 128 volume 
History of the Rebellion and other sources 
Carter’s great grandfather on his mother's side. James T Cor­ dy, was 33 when the war started lie declined to join the army then 
When Georgia was threatened with invasion in December, 1863, the state ordered a call up of ev­ ery able bodied white man be­ tween the ages of 16 and 6o 

Yet, Cordy did not join the 
Georgia militia until six months later when Sherman was at the gates of Atlanta. He served with the militia in defense of the state capital and in later battles in 
(ieorgia 

Asked why Gordy delayed en tonng the army until the Yankees were half way through the state, one historian, who asked not to tx* named said: "By the time Sher man got to Atlanta. Georgia was recruting its troops at the point of a gun ’ 
The President's oilier great grandfather. Littleberry Walker 
Carter, served from May, 1862 until the end of the war with ap 

 parent distinction in a battalion which was continually criticized for ineptness by superior officers 
The unit was organized by a po litically powerful Georgian, A S 
Cutts. He was given the rank of captain when he formed the bat­ talion which he called the Georgia 
Hying Artillery. 
Despite numerous mistakes and poor command decisions, Cutts rose in rank to colonel by the end of the war. In fact, Cutis' Flying 
Artillery may have shortened the conflict. 

Littleberry had just joined the 
Flying Artillery, which was at­ tached to Gen. Robert E. Lee's fa­ mous Army of Northern Virginia, when the South undertook its first invasion of the North 

In September. 1862. perhaps the most crucial battle of the war was fought near Antietam, Md lf Lee had routed the Yankees as he had always done previously, histori­ ans generally agree the North would have been forced into a de tensive posture, the South would have gained international recogni­ tion and the war would have dragged on years longer 
At a crucial moment in the bloody battle, Gen. Daniel Hill s infantry division was ordered to capture a key ridge He was sup ported by the Flying Artillery. 

The attack was a disaster for the South. Afterwards, Hill wrote to Lee: “Col Cults’ battalion be haved most gallantly, but its fir mg was the worst I have ever witnessed." 

Following another battle. Hill wrote that Cutis' battalion was 

 the only unit in position to halt a 
Union infantry advance, but that, 
“owing to the little practice of the gunners and to the large angles of depression, the cannonade was as 
Ilarmless as a blank cartridge sa­ lute in honor of a militia gener­ al." 
A MINISTER 
NAILS HIS 
JOB DOWN 
THE REV. Victory L. Clayton is exactly the kind of pastor the members of a small Pentecostal church prayed they'd find — one who is also a good handyman. 
The church, in Gridley, Calif, was condemned as unsafe when 
Clayton became its pastor three years ago. And membership was down to three families. 
Clayton, 3o, performed daily re­ pairs to keep the old church standing, and did his ministerial chores at night. 
Then, six months ago. he se­ cured a 12o,ooo loan for materials and went to work on a new build­ ing 
He did all the carpentry, plumbing and stucco work 
The 2oo-seat church is finished now, and membership has climbed to IOO And. thanks to a 
Gridley artist, the church also has a new name. 
The artist was so impressed with Clayton's hard work that she did a painting of a light house. 
Clayton said 
"We renamed it the Lighthouse Tabernacle " 

 so heavy., and was caught unprepared as the huge tank crashed. 
As the water spilled she was swept through the cabin of the plane, slammed into seats, and finally dumped on the floor of the aircraft. 
“ I was washed down the aisle until I got trapped behind a row of seats and was knocked out,” she said. “ A stunt­ man working with us leaped into the water and pulled me clear but I knew nothing about it until I came to several minutes later. 
Actor ROBERT SHAW who is as good a writer as he is actor spent weeks in a Manhattan old folks home and toured with police to discover how criminals are dealt with for preying on the elder­ ly. 
It was all research for his latest book on the lives of old people. 
So much for retirement! 
FRANK 
SINATRA has signed a contract to appear at Caesar’s Palace, I^as 
Vegas, once a month for the next six months. Perhaps his wife Bar­ bara is stacking up the bills. 
Also, SINATRA has been of­ fered two plum parts by DINO de 
IAURENTIIS — the father of 
SYLVESTER STALLONE in King 
Of The Gypsies and opposite Al 
Pacino in a movie about a Brinks robbery. He’s still considering the tempting offer of $1.5 million for each. 
The superb actor 
ORSON 
WELLES, who on and off has been making the film version of 
Don Quixote for 2o years has turned (town the role of detective 
Nero Wolfe for a TV special. 

★ ★ ★ 
Did you know that actress TAL­ 
IA SHIKFL the girl friend of 
SYLVESTER 
STALLONE in 
Rocky, is the sister of Godfather director FRANCIS FORD COP- 
POLA? 
Now he has made an offer to fi­ nance any film she wants to di­ rect. 
FREI) 
MACMURRAY whose wife is former actress 
JUNK 
HAVER says he had to persuade her to leave a convent to marry him. 
Comedian BUDDY HACKET!- was asked to leave the Duke Uni­ versity dieting clinic in Texas for smuggling in sugar. 
DAVID JANSSEN’S stepfather 
EUGENE JANSSEN who works 

Ernest 
Borgnine and comedian Marty Allen mug it up at Borgnine’s surprise 
6oth birthday party at 
Chasen’s in Hollywood. 

 in the carpet dept of an Ingle­ wood, Calif, store, says he hasn't seen the star for years. 
RICHARD THOMAS who gave up the role of John Boy in The 
Waltons has signed a contract to star in the musical Merton Of The 
Movies which is due to open soon on Broadway. 
BOB 
HOPE is selling his 
$3oo,ooo home in Los Angeles and making his home next door to 
SINATRA and GERRY FORD in 
Palm Springs. 

JOHNNY CARSCW and rival show host MIKE DOUGLAS ha­ ven't spoken since he once said: 
“ Douglas is as indigenous to Phil­ adelphia as cream cheese - and about as funny." 
Now Johnny who is faced with falling TV ratings is going into 
Mike’s territory to do his night club act at the Valley Forge theatre. 
I hope Douglas is in the audi­ ence! 
LF'ON CRIS, one of the best writers of our time, was offered 
$4 million for the screen rights of his best seller Trinity...but decid­ ed to sell to a company for $1 mil­ lion and a partnership. 
BURT YOUNG who looked un­ usually professional as SYLVES- 
TER STALLONE’S pugilistic op­ ponent in Flocky is in tact an ex­ prizefighter who retired undefeat­ ed 
He won 25 fights before taking 
$2,5oo for his role. But he won t be returning to the ring. He’s going to receive $1oo,ooo for his next movie, Convoy. 
ELVIS PRESLEY, I'm told, is 

Movie star Fay* Dunaway, parties with husband tipped for an Oscar In Network, 
Peter Wolff in New York. 

 by W inston Daniel 

 and her recent marriage? She plays the mother on The Waltons.—Flo Fagin, Sacramento, Calif. 
UN FORTUN ATELY, her two-year marriage to Clem 
Chadwick is failing fast. In fact, Michael recently filed for divorce. As for The Waltons, ifs not likely to be on the air beyond this season. Richard Thomas wants out and so does Ralph Waite. 
Frantic Fonz 
Michael Learned 
Robert Redford 

HENRY 
(The 
Fonz) 
Winkler seems to work so hard. Does he ever take vacations?—Emma 
Hardwick, Suffolk, N.Y. 
HENRY just returned from Tahiti 
I 

 where he d been vacationing for 
IO days. It was his first trip to the 
South Pacific and he loved it. “ It was just about the only place on earth where they didn t recognize me. 
They never heard of the 
Fonz," he says. Henry also relax­ es in New York, his old stomping grounds where he gained early tame. Mostly, he says he just likes to stay at home and putter during Jus free time 

Fat Frank 

I SAW some recent pictures of 
F rank Sinatra and he looked quite fat. Is he eating too much?—Hank 
Benroid. Chicago. III. 
MARRIED life is agreeing with 
Frank but not making him over­ eat. In fact he's been losing weight lately. The puffiness is mostly in his face. Friends say it s the result of the cortisone he s been taking to ease his vocal cords since ne s reviving his sing mg career. 

Redfords move 

WHATS this I hear about Robert 
Redford selling his ranch in Utah 

 and moving back east with fami­ ly?—Henry Clench, St. (amis. Mc. 
YOU'RE probably referring to the fact Redford recently pur­ chased a house in Connecticut, near Paul Newman’s. But he’s still got his place in Utah and that s where he is 9o per cent of the time Redford s new place is rn Greenwich He bought it ex­ pressly to be around buddy New­ man Also because be likes the east a lot. 
Any more Ali? 

IS ALI MacGraw ever going to make another film?—Mark Lan­ dau, FII Paso, Tax. 
ALI wants to work again, con­ trary to popular belief The prob­ lem, say friends, is that she sees herself as a sweet young thing and feels she ought to play those type roles. However, Ali is over 
35 Also, she s never had great praise as an actress, so character parts might be difficult. The gen­ eral opinion is that Ali should save the money she already has 
Moore Bond? 

WHAT will Roger Moore** next 
James Bond movie be called.' 
And how about something on the 

 plot.—Gary Lubow, Beverly Hills, 
Calif. 
M(X)RE apparently won’t be* con­ tinuing his James Bond roles. Af­ ter three oo7 pictures—lave and 
U t Die, Man With The Golden 
Gun, The Spy Who lx>ved Me— 
Moore is getting restless. The producers will have to come up, with a lot more money to get him to stay on as James Bond. lie s currently receiving $5oo,ooo per film 
Big talent 

HOW is Olympic star Bruce Jen ner's show business career com­ ing? Has he signed for any mov­ ies yet? 
— 
Horton 
Sutter, 
Traverse City, Mich. 
BRUCE and his wife Chry st ie have sold their home in San Jose and moved to Ix#s Angeles. Bruce has signed with a big talent agen­ cy ami hired a public relations firm to promote hun. 
Auto aristocrat 

I HEARD (hat Red Skelton is a big automobile fan. How many ears does he have? — Ixnri Wyn- brad, Council Bluffs, Iowa. 
RED is a Rolls Boyce fan in par­ ticular. At last count he had eight parked in front of his Palm 
Springs mansion All his, mclud mg two $5o,ooo Rolls limousines 
Chauffeurs cost extra. 

★ DAVID SOUL (left), 32-year-old star of Starksy And Hutch fame, is rid­ ing number one on the British hit parade with the ballad Don’t Give Up on Us. He said: “ I ve always written and sung my own songs. When this is all over, I’ll still have my guitar.’’ 
MICK JAGGER and the ROLLING STONES persuaded a British judge to stop a london newspaper publishing details of a film they had made on their last American tour. 
Talented comedian 
BOB 
NEWHART 
(above) will ‘ leave his top rated TV show soon to go on a national tour with his pal DON RICKLES in a state version of the hit 
The Odd Couple. 

Waltons’ mom wants out 

Jack Nicholson is with a film boss feuding 

 bracket and a lengthy marriage, she is still childless. 
But she says she and her hus­ band PETER WOLFF of the J 
GEILS BANI) will “do it this year’*. 
PETER FALK revealed that 
BING ( ROSBY was the original choice lo play Colombo in the TV series “ but he didn't want the part.” 
JESSICA LANG FI of King Kong fame is being seen around Holly­ wood with producer DINO OFI 
LAURFINTIIS who recently signed her to a seven-year con­ tract. 
Another of her escorts is actor 
JACK NICHOLSON whose girl­ friend ANJELICA HUSTON is currently in New York. 
The trouble is: Jessica is mar­ ried to a photographer and says she is very happy. 

Jack Nicholson proffers a prominent chin to Lauren Ba­ call at last month's Inauguration Ball In Washington. 

TIN 
HOFFMAN and 
RYAN 
O'NEAL said no to the role. 

Bad news and good news for 
MICHELLE 
PHILLIPS.... first she‘s ended her three-year rom­ ance with the elusive WARREN 
BFIATrY; secondly she has a 
$175,ooo income tax rebate from the IRS. 
Seen together in Holly­ wood ...ubiquitous 
GOVERNOR 
JFIRRY BROWN and pop singer 
LINDA RONSTADT. 
They were spotted at a Bever­ ley Hills restaurant and then at an exclusive Brentwood party. 
Talk in Hollywood is that the pep star could make an excellent first lady for the ex-Jesuit. 

( olum n lo n ln b u tion s by ( h a rk * l«wn«*r. 
Philip F inn and Rubin Ira ch . 

JACK NICHOLSON and the United Artists golden boy MIKE 
MEDAVOY,vice president in charge of production, are having a tremendous row. 
Once they used to be best friends but they have been feuding over a script called Moontrap which Nicholson sold to UA. 
Jack wants only to direct the film Mike, once one of Hollywood's super agents, wants him also to star in the movie. He refuses. 
Seen together at a Hollywood restaurant...leggy 
VALERIE 
PF:RRINE and the equally delectable ALANA HAMILTON, ex wife of 
George. 
The pair have much in com­ mon: Valerie used to dale FRAN­ 
CO NFIRO while Alana was the contestant companion of man- about-town JONATHON AXEL- 
ROD. Now they’ve swapped part- 
Hers 
POLLY 
BERGEN, recently edged out of her hosting spot on 
Not For Women Only, has turned down five TV movie parts be­ cause she is trying to get the net­ works interested in her own two- hour film...developed and pro­ duced by an all-female staff. 

★ ★ ★ 
LENNY 
BRUCE’S daughter 
KITTY is working as a waitress and hatcheck girl at a Manhattan cafe between trying to launch her own singing career and instituting lawsuits to get some of the earn ings from unauthorized books about her father’s life. 
FAYE DUNAWAY is telling anyone who'll listen in Hollywood that she wants to have a baby. 
After 15 years in a career which has taken her into the top-money 

Robert DeNiro — fast becoming a giant on the movie screen — seems to be dwarfed by wife Diana at a Holly­ wood critics' party. The girl is Diana's daughter, Drena. 

 looking better now than at any time in the past two years... He’s lost 4o pounds playing basketball and raquet ball with his numerous aides. 

Sophisticated CLAIRE BLOOM has always tried to keep her home life very private... until now. 
She is writing her autobiogra­ phy with which she threatens to shock ex-husbands actor ROD 
STEIGER and producer 
HIL­ 
LARD ELKINS. 
Meanwhile she is staying in 
New York with PHILIP ROTH of 
Portnoy’s Complaint fame. 
HENRY “THE FONZ’’ WINK­ 
LER will have his greasy hair cut and dyed for the part of Gorgeous 
George in the upcoming Para­ mount film about the crowd-pull­ ing wrestler 
Incidentally, DUS- 

 of marriage 

WHATS the situation with Michael Learned 

£ 

A C R O S S voice 
76 
1 Helmet deum” plume 
77 Hawaiian 
6 Weigh bird down 
78 Tailors again 
8o Number 
12 Breakfast 
82 Fixed meat routines 
17 Endure 
84 Within 
21 Slow comb music form 
22 Power 
86 Feeling 
23 Unattended intuitively 
24 Until 
88 Shy 
25 Turn 
9o Most aside decayed 
26 Had 
92 Bread lunch unit 
27 Hawaiian 
94 Mortise vine joint 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

28 Cooking 
Clock 
28 Blemish 
3o Son of 
Re 
31 Cooled lava 
32 Earn 
34 Dress border 
35 Ration 
36 Pronoun 
37 Bantu language 
39 Battle reminders 
42 Darkness period 
45 French article 
46 New 
49 Storehouse 
51 Rips 
53 High mountain 
55 Flower part 
57 Smooths out 
59 Type of bullet 
62 Baseball team 
64 BlacksmithT tool 
66 Church official 
68 Looking 
S'1 i Sic 
72 Pointed a gun 
74 Choir 
? lass idestep 

96 Uncommon 
97 Overflow 
2 wds 
1o2 Wander off 
1o4 Freeway problems 
2 wds 
1o9 Highwat divider 
11o Man's name 
I 1 2 Locations 
114 Little ball 
I I 5 Square measure 
I 16 Chinese pagoda 
1 1 8 Prying bar 
I 2o Bargain events 
I 22 Olympic runner 
1 23 Cafe 
1 26 Unwind 
I 28 Vicuna s kin 
1 3o Leningrad s river 
131 Hinder parts 
I 33 Pretend 
2 wds 
1 35 Massachusetts college 
1 37 Twilled fabric 

I 38 Keepsake 
I 4o P ass on 
I 42 Counter chairs 

144 Health resort 
147 Pancake sauce 
149 Satisfies 
151 Dueling sword 
152 That hurts? 
1 54 Heavenly body 
156 Afternoon party 
I 58 Western state 
I 6o Ambary 
161 Left- hand page 
162 Dismounted 
163 Mongolian tribesman 
165 M ileds son 
1 €6 Label 
168 Bone comb form 
1 7o Roster 
1 71 Construct 
1 72 Large gully 
1 74 Eerie 
I 75 Remedy potion 
I 76 Challenges 
I 77 African antelopes 
1 78 Aeries 

DOW N 

1 Conflict 
2 Musical show 
3 Chemical suffix 
4 Stress 
5 Add 2 wds 
6 Paper measure 
7 Grafted heraldic 
8 Evil glances 
9 Alternative 
1o Stir up 
11 Aniline coloring 
12 British spa 
I 3 Foreigner 
14 Make a 

 promise 
15 Individual 
16 Saul s uncle 
1 7 Opulent 
1 8 Horrify 
19 Emporium 
2o Carries 
33 Skating surface 
35 Water way 
38 On the ocean 
4o Declaim wildly 
41 Hard- grained wheat 
43 Obtain 
44 Injure 
46 City section 
47 Heating lamp 
48 Biblical king 
5o Concluder 
52 Protective barrier 
53 Accumulate 
54 Embankment 
56 Restrict 
58 Spanish title 
6o Oral pause 
61 Crucifixes 
63 Drips 
65 Walk 2 wds 
67 Turbine wheel 
69 Implant firmly 
71 Practices 
73 Thin coins 
75 Plug again 
79 Food fish 
81 Tinctures 
83 Dismantle 
85 Com pass point 
87 Small mallet 
89 Actress 
Day 
91 Lamprey fisherman 
93 High temperature 
95 Birth 

97 Thick slice 
98 French city 
99 At home 
1oo Alphabet unit 
1o1 Adversary 
1o3 Scream s 
1o5 Spirit 
1o6 Sores 
1o7 Annoyance 
1o8 Leather fastener 
111 At no time 
113 Sewing lines 
117 Apprehend 
119 Networks 
121 Strike 
I 24 Thoroughfare abbr 
125 Mere 
127 Girl s name 
129 At the summit 
1 32 Knight’s title 
134 Unassumed 
136 Square dance 
139 Slicer 
141 Still 
143 Renter 
1 44 Burn 
145 Crippling disease 
146 Improper 
1 48 Concord 
15o Glossy fabric 
152 Evident 
153 Forest 
155 Feminine ending 
1 5 7 -— and crafts 

159 Applause 
163 Spread hay 
164 Constellation 

165 Anger 
167 Tapuyan 
Indian 
169 Poetic contraction 

I 73 It proceeds music. 
I 

IS 
19 
2C 

 f* 

45 

IM 
*145 uTTjjjl 

I1 

, -4i 
_—*— _ 
T 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

Pity the poor liberalI wit:h nIO cross to beclr 

DAMMIT. I’m angry. My senses have just been assaulted by a magazine article about folk-singer Joan Baez. 
You remember Juan Baez — although I would love to forget her. She was the conscience of America over Vietnam. 
The story that made my hair bristle wails in bereavement that poor darling Joan is suffering from “ PVS." 
Now, I know that the people on the south side of Chicago or East l^os 
Angeles do not know what that means. 
But. I'm reliably told that it stands for “ Post Vietnam Syndrome.’’ 
“ We all.” she lamented, “ had to figure out what we were going to do without that big Vietnam handle to pull.” 
That, of course, means that along with Jane Eonda and the rest of those people who bleed for the world, she is out of a job 
She has no more excuses to make herself a martyr . . . no more chances to bum her bra or scream “ pig,” or “ fascist” or 
“ assassin.” 
How dare this lady, who should have spent more time on her gui­ tar lessons than on smoking grass, bemoan the absence of a windmill to tilt at. 
She is a symptom of a very un­ healthy situation. Find a cause 
Beat your breast. Pull out your hair — and make an occupation of being a minority or allegedly being “ oppressed.” 
The poor child is desperately looking for a cross to bear. 
Of course she thinks she has found a cause. She has announced she is throwing herself into a new- crusade — Northern Ireland 
What does that confused little lady know about Northern Ire­ land'* How is she going to make it look as though that tragedy is all the fault of the capitalistic mons­ ters? 
There should be a doggone law about these warblers and mirror- gazers in show business meddling in the affairs which educated men and women spend their lives to deal with intelligently. 
Here is a woman who splashed across 
America’s front pages, crying over the fact that her draft dodging husband went to jail. 
She screamed eternal love, talked of his heroism and while he was in jail making small ones out of big ones, promptly set in mo­ tion a life style which got them divorced 
Don’t, Miss Bile/., please don’t talk about the immorality of Viet nam 
Miss Baez, the one who sang of starvation and deprivation suf­ fered by the minorities and the underprivileged, lives, mind you. 

THIS I 
BELIEVE 

By 

S T E V E 
D U N L E A V Y 

 in a house in the rolling wood­ lands south of San Francisco 
WTiich is pretty typical. She is in good company. Paul Newman. 
Robert Redford and Marlon Bran do who weep for the under-dog manage to live about as far away from Harlem or Watts as you can physically get 
Isn t it always the case? 
They attend a rally or a protest meeting in a ghetto, screaming about the establishment, then hop in a Rolls Rovce to go back to 
Beverly Hills. 
The magazine article, which so offended me, went on to report: 
“ The only three places where I’ll shop in this country are. I Mag- nin. Joseph Magnin and Saks " 
I would like to know when the last time Mrs. O’Reilly of Brook lyn or Mrs. Diaz of East Los An­ geles or Mrs. Schwartz of the 
Bronx ever shopped at those stores. 
“ I try.” says Miss Baez, “ to ease the guilt by getting four of one outfit and giving three away." 
Isn t she a little rascal? No. hell, she ain’t. She is an overin­ dulgent lady who talks revolution and sacrifice on one side of a rec­ ord and basks in luxury' on the other side 
Don’t you dare meddle in 
Northern Ireland Miss Baez like you did in Vietnam. 

Don’t start meddling in North­ ern Ireland lady. Don’t make any more statements that can inflame a situation that might cause a mother to lose a son 

Just, for once, shut up and en joy your rolling woodlands, south of San Francisco and your Saks 
Fifth Avenue and let the real peo­ ple of this world get on with life. 
More on Tokyo Rose 

JAKE WELLER spent his eigh teenth birthday looking down Jap^ anese gun barrels in the South Pa­ cific 
For many birthday's afterwards he spent them limp­ ing. courtesy of a Japanese bullet in the knee on Okinawa. 
Weller is a friend of mine who doesn’t share my political philoso­ phy. lie s got no argument with the Japanese 
But he does have one helluva argument with Presi­ dent Ford for pardoning, in his last weeks of office. Tokyo Rose. 
Mrs Iva Togun P ’Aquino 
It is popular now to say that servicemen treated Tokyo Rose as a joke “ Rubbish.” says Well­ 

 er. 
“ The guys in my company ina the were like me, all wet behn ears We used to listen to those radio shows there during action and it scared the hell out of us 
She would call us orphans of the 
Pacific’, and ask how were we going to get home after all our ships were sunk 
“ What really frightened you was when she would mention the name of a ship, and the next day. you heard it went down • 

“ President 
Ford started his term in office by pardoning Rich­ ard Nixon and ended by pardon­ ing a traitor, who in other coun­ tries would have been shot ” 

THI SAN ANTONIO STAR — February 6, 1977 
PAGE 17 

ACROSS 

I Spotted, mottled 
7 Glut 
II Soft mineral 
15 Residences 
21 A few 
22 Astringent 
23 Prod, urge 
24 Brought down 
26 Branch of Biolo- 

27 fun bathes 
28 Evil fairy 
29 Direct course 
3o Brad 
31 Arizona city 
32 Possesses 
35 — Jockey 
37 Poker stake 
38 Summed up 
39 Pertaining to air 
4o Hindu social class 
42 Fashion expert 
44 
N e a rer 
To 
Thee.'’ 
45 Exam 
46 Malay title of re­ spect 
47 Snip cashiers 
49 Obstacle 
51 Endless periods 
52 B art—. Football 
53 Noted comedian 
54 Foamily member 
56 Hair-net 
57 Sun Gods 
6o More optimistic 
62 Do a favor 
64 F.thnic 
Woman 
Society. Abbr. 
67 Mr Lincoln, etal 
69 Before birth 
72 Flower bouquets 
74 — sack 
75 skin pimples 
77 Greed 
78 Toward the rear. 
Pl. 
79 I/X)sen 
8o Innocence, chast­ ity 

82 Comes in 
83 Insect bites 
84 Coat part 
85 Rivals, foes 
87 Heron 
88 Inasmuch-as 
89 Burgundy color. 
2 wrds. 
9o Insecticide. 
Abbr. 
91 Appraise 
93 Bench or Rose 
94 Ripen 
95 Spanish home 
96 Attempt 
97 Proportion, de­ gree 
98 Deserve 
99 Honor card 
1o1 Hostelries 
1o4 River in FYance 
1o6 Int l 
Daylight 
Time. Abbr. 
1o9 Strutted 
111 Many times 
114 Bobbers 
117 Army recruit 
119 Coveted 
12o Game birds 
121 Slumbers 
123 Presses grapes 
124 Domestics 
125 Conspired 
126 Upper rigging, canvas 
128 Metal 
129 Parts of circles 
13o Huge stone 
131 
Do— 
— for hitchhikers” 
133 Feminine name 
134 Louis —. Comic. 
135 Shade tree 
136 This. Spanish 
138 Desire 
139 Paris summer 
14o F'ootball scores. 
Colloq 
141 Cure 
142 Regretted 
143 Words of under­ standing 
144 Writing fluids 

146 Summit 
149 Contradict 
152 Pastors 
154 Planet 
156 Auspices 
16o Map 
162 Entrance 
164 Shoe parts 
165 Ripped 
166 Occurrence 
167 Stew 
169 Took legal ac­ tion 
171 Title of respect 
172 Gala 
173 Feminine name 
174 Dominions 
176 Stumble 
178 Paris father 
179 Grower 
18o Twirler 
181 Possess 
182 Nobleman 
183 Strongholds 
184 “ evil” 
185 Ginger —. 
186 Very, In Paris 
187 Followed orders 

D O W N 
1 Ten years 
2 Shuns 
3 Medicine balls 
4 Paid athlete, col­ loq. 
5 Loiters 
6 Eng. Cathedral & 
Isle 
7 l^rge planet 
8 ' Remember the 

9 Food fish 
1o Alphabet letters 
11 Recipe abbrevia­ tion 
12 Mimicked 
13 Harsh, shocking 
14 Crucial emergen- 

15 Vestment 
16 Dutch African 
17 Be in debt 
18 Detained 
19 Carrot-like plant 

Last week s Giant solution 

C.J Durn 

2 o its way. Dis­ patched 
21 Paris senate 
25 Title papers 
31 “N ew i” 
32 Rabbit 
33 Donkey 
34 Pace 
36 F'-nt rusts 
39 Dawn goddess 
4o Chalice 
41 Time period 
43 Stoves 
46 Canvas cover. 
Colloq 
4/ Heavy curtain 
48 "—House ’’ Casi­ no 
5o Departs 
53 With 
551) 
Phrase-6wrds 
55 With 
53D 
Phrase 6wrds 
57 Knocked on a door 
58 Teem 
59 Govt 
Agency. 
2wrds 
61 Silly 
63 Of great size 
64 Amusement 
65 Relinquishment 
66 Very last 
68 Glide over lightly 
7o Made into acres 
71 F'or fear that 
72 Peggy 
—. 
TV panelist 

73 Ancient port of 
Italy 
74 liCg joint 
76 Recipe direction 
79 Arm bone 
81 Ached for 
84 Nuns 

89 Body part 
92 ta t in conjunc­ tions 
95 Weep 
99 Tarzan 
1oo Pet bird 
1o1 "The 
— ol 
March” 
1o2 Service quitters 
1o3 Early settlers 
1o5 Rodents 
1o7 Rely on 
1o8 Nikola —& fam­ ily Amer Inven tor 
HO Assists 
111 Vocal 
112 Works on a car 
2 wrds. 
113 Masculine name 
114 Relative to EST 
115 Lies at rest 
116 Health springs 
118 Greek letter 
12o Morose 
122 I vocation 
125 Sought opinions 
127 Sun tan liquid 
13o Necklace part 

132 William - . 
137 F'arewell Sp 
138 More knowl­ edgeable 
141 F'emale protag onist 
145 More than sixty 
146 F'arm parcels 
147 Trophy winners 
Colloq. 
148 Noisy bird 
15o Numerals 
Abbr 
151 Young men 
153 Biblical high 
K 
'iest oadside inns 
155 Mine product 
157 Delicate & mild 
158 "Yes — 
159 Leading actors 
161 Driving maneu vers 
163 Showtxl the movie again 
165 -H au te, Ind 
166 F^xpunge 
168 — Ager 
17o Opera star 
172 Fnght 
173 To gossip 
Slang 
175 Theater sign 
Abbr 
177 Vigor 
178 Favorite 
179 Post Command er Office Abbr 

S tar WHIRLY WORD-5 by we,™ Tobolch 

/ / ♦ 
‘ .I* , 4 ' 
»• 

P U ZZLE 
1o7 c 
I 
H 
P 
O 
R 
T 
S 
A 
T 
A 
C 
B 

H 
R 
A 
E 
T 
S 
o 
D 
H 
P 
L 
O 
M 

I 
U 
E 
R 
D 
O 
T 
O 
O 
B 
S 
R 
A 

N 
M 
E 
V 
L 
N 
L 
R 
R 
S 
T 
E 
L 

C 
E 
U 
L 
O 
S 
O 
E 
O 
R 
E 
Z 
A 

H 
R 
A 
N 
T 
L 
Z 
M 
A 
P 
P 
I 
C 

 i 
R 
E 
E 
I 
I 
V 
N 
A 
L 
S s 
I 

L 
P 
R 
M 
M 
T 
S 
E 
A 
I 
S 
A 
R 

L 
N 
A 
O 
M 
F 
A 
N 
R 
T 
D 
T 
E 

A 
Z 
T 
O 
E 
U 
T 
L 
R 
C 
Z 
N 
H 

N 
A 
I 
R 
S 
S 
S 
A 
P 
H 
E 
A 
P 

D 
I 
R 
E 
C 
N 
A 
L 
E 
E 
R 
F 
S 

CLUE: “THIS IS ONE’ 
Solution: 6 letters 

HOW TO PLAY: 
All th * w o ld * listed below Appeal in lh * p u r r l* — horizontally, vertically diagonally av an backwards F md <h*m and circle then 
••lia rs 
Th* leftover tatters span th * Star word 

Airs 
Arts 
Atomizer 
Hoot 

Catastrophic 
Chinchilla 
Core 

Diamond 
Dire 
Dollar 
Done 

Fantasize 
Freelance 

Holster 
Itch 

Lamb 
I.and 
Moan 
Pets 
Plants 
P latinum 

Revolver 

Soap 
Spherical 
Sports 
Summ er 
Tear 
Transfer 
Tree 

 la s t Week s Answer; CANOEING 

FAMILY JILLS OF 
CHASID CAR 
AT 9o HURM. 

TERROR AS UFO 

A CALIFORNIA couple said this 
'week they were chased by a spaceship as they raced for safety at 9o miles per hour. 
Bill 
Pecha, a 
39 year-old mechanic, said that before his experience he was skeptical about 
UFO reports. 
“ But I believe now.” he told 
THE STAR. “ There s got to be something." 
His wife Lenda, 34, added: “ It was something I have never seen before and I have a feeling it was not something our people have made.” 
The couple with whom Pecha and his family sought safety also saw the spaceship. 
And policeman Bill Wheeler, who interviewed Pecha soon after the chase, told 
THE 
STAR: 
“ Pecha is a very reliable person, 
I would say. 
“ He was quite convinced of what he had seen. I don’t think he is an excitable type I would say he was very sane and could be relied on." 
But Pecha thought he might be losing his sanity when he saw the strange object hovering near his home on the outskirts of Colusa, a town north of San Francisco. 
He said it was 14o feet wide and 
• looming 2o feet above his barn. 
“ At first I couldn’t believe what 
I was seeing." Pecha told THE 
STAR. “Then I felt all my hair standing on end. 
“ It was a crystal clear night, about 12:45 a.m ., and I could see 

This is the spacecraft the Pecha family saw 

Thief ployed o lone hand 
THE chicken thief who appeared before m agistrate Rodney Percy had one leg, one eye and one hand. 
The hapless robber was Philip 
McCutcheon, charged with stealing eight chickens from a farm in York, England. Police found the remains of the chickens after McCutcheon was involved in a car crash. 
Magistrate 
Percy said: 
“ Whoever has heard of a burglar with one leg, something wrong with his hand and a glass eye? 
Don’t you think it s about time you gave it up?" 
McCutcheon confessed, was fined $6 and lost his driving license for six months. 

I^enda and Bill Pecha after escape from mysterious UFO. 

 it had a ribbed dome that was a dull silvery color. The edge of the saucer area looked like stainless steel and was rotating But there was no sound " 

As the UFO began to move. 
Pecha said, it retracted six 

I 
SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

P arkas ut National Sell D efense Institute. 

JUST hitting or kicking your attacker, who is usually much stronger than you are. cannot be successful unless you remember that certain points of the body are weak and can be injured with little effort 
Toes can be easily broken when stomped on. 
The nose and face are good targets as they are bony and have little muscle covering 
Knees are very weak — even a child's kick can break or crack a knee. 
Remember these vital points of the body and. if attacked, strike only these points 
Your chances of escape will be successful if you strike at these vital points lf attacked, don’t hesitate — strike and strike hard' 

 metallic cables and two hook-like arm s and switched on two bluish- white lights and a cone of white light that stopped in mid-air. 
Pecha, who had gone outside to check on an electrical failure that had stopped his TV and air conditioning, said two sm aller 
UFOs hovered above 5oo,ooo-volt power lines several hundred yards away, causing them to glow red. 
He ran back into the house and he and his wife watched the largest UFO race toward a line of hills 2o miles away, reaching them in two to three seconds and bathing them in light. 
Then it came back. And that’s when Pecha decided to bundle his wife and children into his pickup truck and get them to safety. 
“ It was more horrifying the more I saw of it, particularly when it cam e back," he said. “ I got really frightened then. I didn’t know what it was up to." 
He drove toward Colusa at 9o mph with his headlights off and the UFO in pursuit. Finally he reached the home of friends Les and Gayle Arant and hammered on their door. 
“ He was yelling at me to look up in the sky," Gayle Arant said 
“ This very large object was going across the sky from east to west I was dumbfounded I really believe it was from outer space." 
Burglars leave their photos 

ARTHUR Elwardt had a roll of film developed — and found two pictures of his home being burglarized by a 
15-year-ola neighborhood youngster, 
Chicago police arrested the youth, who implicated two friends The three had made the ictures during the burglary, then eft Hie cam era behind. 
‘ 

How to exercise and watch TV at the same time 
PEOPLE who hate to exercise can finally get in shape, thanks to a new fitness program developed by the German Sports 
Federation. 
The work-out routines are tailored for modem men and women who spend much of their time behind desks, strapped down in jets or re­ laxed in front of the TV. 
Lufthansa airline, which is promoting the program by encouraging its passengers to do the isometric exercises in-flight, says it is possi­ ble to achieve a IO percent in­ crease in strength within one week, and 4o percent within three months 
Here are some isometrics which can be performed in the bathroom, during a TV com m er­ cial or while sitting in a waiting room: 

• To condition the stomach: 
Clasp the hands together, placing the palms against your slightly pulled-in abdomen. Tense up the stomach muscles, using about two-thirds of your strength. Press your hands firmly against the tightened stomach muscles. Count to seven, then relax. 

• For the wrists and arms, keep an old tennis ball handy. 
Now and then squeeze the ball firmly with eacn hand, using about two-thirds of your strength. 

By M IC H A E L M O K 

Make sure that upper arm , chest and shoulder muscles are also flexed. Count to seven during muscle tightening, then relax. 
• To keep your legs in shape, get up out of your chair using only one leg (first lift the other foot slightly off the floor). Right, left, right, left. And so on. (It takes time to do this with ease.) 
• For your upper torso, stand one pace from the nearest wall in your home and place your hands against it at shoulder height. 
Press forcefully against the wall, as if you could move it. Count to seven, then relax. 
The Sports Federation also rec­ ommends dieting, not by painful fasting and self-denial, but By cut­ ting back only IOO to 3oo calories a day from your total intake. 
. CASH 
PATINO TOP DOLLAR FOR: 
• Gold Coins • Silver Dollars • Any Silver Coins 
• Old Coins of Silver or Copper • Diamonds 
• Sterling Silverware • Class Rings 

• Old Jewelry, Pocket Watches, Gold Watches 

• Dental Gold— Platinum; anything gold or silver 
(IMMEDIATE PAYMENT) 
Ita l Inflation I (loan out your drossor drawers 

 or attic at tho tamo ti mo! 

M U IN O CHI AUTY ACW H A Y mf 
W KOLfiSAU PRICKS 

OPEN IO A M. . 5.3o F.M. MON.-SAT. 
RIVERSIDE COIN CO. 
A l l I. Commerce (by tho Rivork 
323-1996 
33>-4963 
233 6981 

F l e a s# Call o r Wr i t# for f R H P r o m t urn t o m l a y i n g l i l t 

( D O K B B I D 

¥ 
A c o 
L A s T 
A I. V 
'n t i u" P T O 
Ti I M I E l 5 f 
o 
T 
U U D u u u u u 

 a1I LJ a a 
L I J: 

BBBBB BnnBBUB 

□rannn oo11oo annancs 

ORVILLE the orangutan is looking decidedly fed up. Could that with all this fuss about King 
Kong, he's feeling just a little left out? Or it might be a touch of that morning-after feeling 
Either way, he definitely looks in no mood for monkey business — even though he hangs out at Monkey Jungle in Florida. Photo: Gene Spat*, i i i 
» 
» < j 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

PLAYGROUNDS POSE A HAZARD 
THOUSANDS of children every year are killed or injured on U S. school and public playgrounds, statistics show. 
And concerned groups and citi­ zens are pressing the government 
Lo do something about the prot> 
Mrs 
Klayne 
Butwinick, a teacher at Sharp Health School in 
Washington, 
D C , started the drive for government intervention 

“ It horrified me to read about children breaking bows and get­ ting 3o to 4o stitches because they were hit by a swing or fell off a slide.” 
The U S. (Consumer Product 
Safety Commission reports 157,963 persons were hurt on playgrounds in the year ending June 3o, 1976 
Most were children and some were killed 

WILL he be your Valentine? And will he stay madly in love with you forev­ er? 
Ifs all up to you. The best way to make any man love you is to let him know first that he’s the only guy in the world for you. 
After all, men don't like to take a chance on being rejected. So make it easier for him to fall in love with you by showing him you are ready and willing to be his Valentine, too. 
Here are 28 ways to get your message across: 
• Knit him a sweater. If that seems to ambitious a project, try a long striped scarf. 
In his old school colors, naturally. If you can’t knit, take a crash course—the fact that you’ve gone to so much trouble will defin­ itely make him love you. 

28 simple ways to make your 
Valentine fall for you 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 

Safety-first guide for skateboards 

SKATEBOARD accidents put 
27,ooo children in the hospital last year and this year the figure could be even higher, a consumer expert warned this week. 
The risk of injury is increased because of a growing youth cult which glamorizes risks and pain associated with the sport, ac­ cording to Miss Claudia Mitzel, of the Texas Agricultural Extension 
Service. 
She gave these hints to parents: 
• Look for wheels that are rough textured to have the great­ est surface grip. Spin the wheels to be sure they are well-aligned and turn freely, but not loosely. 
• Trucks, the mechanisms which attach the wheels to the board, are very important. Be sure they are iron rather than lighter duty sheet metal and are bolted through the top of the board rather than just into it. 
• Trucks should be readily ad­ justable so that a skateboarder can make a tight turn without spilling. Trucks that allow for in­ sertion of additional shocker pads are even safer. 
• Beware of inexpensive boards made of brittle plastic and cheap materials which will break apart easily. 
Skateboards are available for prices up to $125. 

• Phone your local radio sta­ tion and put in a request for his favorite record. Ask for it to be played at a time you know he’ll be tuned in. 
• Be interested in the things he likes...even though they bore you stiff. You’ll really impress him if, for example, you can make a few intelligent comments about that snappy little sports car he likes. 
• Write him a letter thanking him for a fabulous night out. 
Sprinkle it with perfume so he’ll know before he opens it that it is from you. 
• Buy him a candy apple and hope he gets the message that you’re stuck on him. 
• Flatter him. Guys can’t re­ sist it. Tell him you love his shirt or that he looks great in a suit. 
Don’t overdo it though, or it will sound phony. 
• If he's on the local touch foot­ ball team, be there every Satur­ 

 day afternoon to cheer him on. lf he doesn’t play himself, cheer along with him when he’s rooting for his favorite team. 
• Make him feel like super­ man. You don’t need to act help less. He might think you’re just stupid. But let him do the manly thing like opening your Coke bot tie or carrying your shopping. 
• Announce to him and the world how you feel by having "I 
Love You’’ printed on the front of a T-shirt. He can’t miss that. 
• If ifs the night before pay­ day and he’s broke, suggest stay­ ing at home and watching televi­ sion or playing records. Whip up a chocolate cake to surprise nim. too.• Give him a great big kiss to show you love him. Or hold his hand sometimes for no special reason except that you want him 

 to know that you’re happy to be with him. 
• Write him a love letter or a poem telling him you think he's super. 
• Call him unexpectedly to tell him you miss hun. 
• Send him a telegram saying 
“ I Ixive You” as many times as you can afford. 
• Buy him that album he is just dying to get, then ask him around and have it playing when he arrives. 
• Send him a bunch of flowers, or, even better, a pot of ivy...that meaas love. Everytime he looks at it he has to think of you. 
• If he turns up late to take you out because ne got carried away under the hood of his car, smile sweetly no matter how much you are gritting your teeth and tell him it really doesn’t mat­ ter because you were running just a little late yourself. 
• Take him out for a change. 
Do it on his birthday. Then ne won t feel embarrassed because you can tell him ifs part of his present. 
• Offer to dam his socks— that’s a true sign of love. 
• Try not to see him for a week. no matter how hard it 

 might be. That old thing about ab­ sence making the heart grow fon­ der actually docs work. 
• Don’t wear that dress he ab­ solutely loathes. Save it for the times you’re out without him. 
• Give him a super-sized, framed photograph of yourself suitably signed, and ask for one of him. 
• If he lives on his own, offer to take over his kitchen for an evening and cook his favorite dish, served by candlelight, of course. 
• Start humming that beauti­ ful, romantic turn* they played when you were dancing with him one night. Make it “your tune” and eventually he ll notice. I eve should be jam packed with nice memories. 
• Never so much as touch an­ other cigarette just because he says he doesn’t like girls who smoke. 
• Send him a length of rope ..with the message “hung up on you.” 
• Give up onioas on your ham­ burger when you’re eating out. 
• Tell him you love him—ob­ vious, but a good idea if all those other subtle ploys fail. 
Kids to give ideo the brush 

TWO doctors think they have found the answer to children who hate to brush their teeth — a whistling toothbrush 
Drs. Wal lace A. and David K. Erickson of 
Chicago, 111., said the child mere­ ly slides away a cover that pit* tects the bristles, and a range of musical notes is produced. 

Orville looks ready to go bananas 

 s P A c O Mn 
A L I j j 
I T 
Ti 
77LdJI 5^ 
J 

T A T A R 
E R E c T 

■ 
A a £ l l 

I 
R 
T A G1 
R A 
I N E J 
[& L A H i i i i 

& 

|'tV 

WILD VALENTINE FORVOUK WILD GUY 
In his wildest dreams, your man probably wouldn’t expect a 
Valentines Day greeting like this. Isn’t that the best reason in the world to surprise him with the great Wild Turkey?