* 

W&m television doing to to d a y ’s Chadron 

..... 
SEE WOMENS’ SECTION 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 
354 

M A R C H 6, 1977 

GUNS, DRUGS AN D A DEATH W ISH 
FRI PIE PRINZE 

‘Too muth too soon’ — Pg. 1H 
GERALDO RIVERA 
TELLS CHICO’S BEHIND-THE-SCENE STORY 
THE SUNDAY 

SWEEPSTAKES ’77 
DOUBLE BONUS 

2 5 inch Quasar color television and Litton 
Memorymatic microwave oven are up for grabs today. 

Why are medical bills so high? 

EXPRESS NEWS 

America's fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

FORECAST 

F a ir . m ild . 
H igh, m id*6os. 
Low, mid 3os. Details, Page 
UC. 

SAT URDA V TEMPERATURES 
IN COLUMN TWO 

Quake toll 
| could be 
3,ooo 

Hogs win 
SWC title 
A rkansas 
Houston, 8o-74 b ea ts ? 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

BUCHAREST, R om ania - 
Western diplom ats estim ated late Saturday night that at least 
2.ooo and possibly as many as 
3.ooo persons died in an earth­ quake that struck Friday. 

Roselle w orkers continued to dig for bodies and survivors in this Romanian capital. 

Official Romanian figures issued for the first tim e Saturday night said 298 bodies had been found Bueharesl a p ­ parently was hardest hit in Rom ania, w hich s u f fe re d the b r u n t of th e d a m a g e of th e e a r t h q u a k e w h ich s tr u c k a b o u t 9:3o p .m . lo c al tim e 
F r id a y a n d r e g is t e r e d 7.2 on th e 
R ich te r scale, m a k in g it one of the stro n g est tr e m o rs ev er re c o rd e d in 
Europe. 
' 

D ip lo m a tic s o u r c e s s a id th e e s ­ tim a te s c a m e fro m L’.S m e d ic a l students helping in hospitals. On the basis of the num ber of casualties they saw coming in and from conversations with do cto rs, the s tu d e n ts sa id the death toll in the capital alone would go bey o n d 2.OOO an d p ro b a b ly b e y o n d 
3.MMI. diplom atic sources said. 

Radio 

The U S. diplom atic mission quoted 
Radio Bucharest as reporting that 72 persons were known dead elsew here in 
Romania and I .TOU people hospitalized in the capital city, of whom 1.2oo were seriously injured. Radio B ucharest is o p e ra te d by the R o m a n ia n g o v e r n ­ ment. 

The Yugoslav E m b assy e s tim a te d the Bucharest toll might reach 1.ooo. 

“ I ve been around and I ve seen a lot.*’ said one d ip lo m a t from L atin 
America. “ lust around the corner this morning I saw 27 bodies taken out of the block of flats that collapsed.'' 

“ They found one boy. an 18 year old. alive.” 
The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake originated about Ho m iles below the surface of the earth, so deep thai aftershocks or secondary earthquake* w ere unlikely . None of sig n ific a n c e have been recorded. 
D am age rn Bucharest concentrated in the center of town. with the capital's grand avenue — M agheru B oulevard 
— closed aud most of the buildings still standing too unsafe to be reoccupied immediately. 
Hotels 

Three m ajor hotels for foreigners — the Intercontinental. A thenee P ala ce aud Dorobanti — rem ained open with lim Ie or no dam age. Other hotels to the area were evacuated and closed. 
Taxis w ere pressed into service as am bulances in the R om anian capital while all available tru ck s ca rte d of! debris. 
U.S. d ip lo m a ts said w a te r in the capital wa** restored but n atu ral gas was turned off again because ol leaks. 
The Yugoslav Em bassy said heavy d a m a g e was re p o rte d in Ploe&ti, a 
Romanian refinery i lly at the center ol one of Eurojw's largest oil fields to the northwest. The refineries were d ev as­ tated by Allied bom bers during World 
War ll Rom ania bas the second lur- 

See QUAKE, Page UA 

Spurs win 
4th in row road 
Buffalo on 
S.A. routs 
12o-1o9 

Burbank earns state berth 
Bulldogs win Region 
IV tide 

G o n z a le z t e l l s a ll: 
Plot doomed 
JFK probe’ 

Details in 
Section S 

By PAUL THOMPSON 

(C) 1977, E.p r.n New, Corp 

U.S. Rep. Henry'B. Gonzalez says the assassination of Presi­ dent John F. Kennedy will never be investigated in a meaningful way “ because vast and powerful forces including the country’s most sophisticated criminal ele­ ment won’t stand for it.” 

Express-New* exclusive 

A fter two w eeks of silen c e at his home here. Gonzalez cam e out swing­ ing Saturday. 
“ This crim inal elem ent,” he told the 
E\press-N ew s. “ is all-pervasive, load­ ed w ith n o th in g but m o n ey an d in m any ways m o re potent than the go­ vernm ent itself." 
S.A. abductor is dead after 3-state shot spree 

By MARK VILLANUEVA 
A San Antonio ex-convict who kidnapped a North Side sporting goods store clerk Thursday was shot and killed in a shootout Sa­ turday with Colorado Springs, 
Colo., police. 

A u th o ritie s sa id th e sh o o tin g c u l­ m inated a b izarre chain of events in three states that resulted in four p er­ 

 sons being taken as hostages by the m an, the wounding of two individuals and the hijacking of at least four vehi­ cles. 
C olorado S p rin g s P o lice Lt. Jo h n 
P oynor identified th e m an as J e r r y 
Wayne Alston. 29, of 793o Blanco Rd., who w as released from prison three m onths ago. 
San 
A n to n io p o lic e r o b b e r y d ete c tiv e s said A lston w as the m an who allegedly kidnapped Steve Smith, 

23. of 2o3 C larem ont Ave., T h u rsd ay e v e n in g fro m O s h m a n ’s S p o rtin g 
Goods Store. 727 NAV. III41o. 
.R o b b ery d etectiv es S atu rd a y w ere aw a itin g S m ith 's r e tu r n fro m New 
Mexico for questioning in the kidnap­ ping. 
S m ith’s father. Wayne G. Sm ith, of 
142 E. Palfrey Drive, F rid ay flew to 
Carrizozo. N M ., and was expected to 

See ABDUCTOR. Page UA 

He nam ed other anti-probe forces as 
“ the Kennedy family and heavy busi­ ness interests in Dallas-Ft. Worth who don’t want all the old JP K m uck raked up” 
The fiery. HO-year-old congressm an called the House Select Com m ittee on 
A s s a s s in a tio n s , w hich he q u it last 
W ednesday, “ a put-up job and a h i­ deous farce that was never intended to w ork." 
‘Rattlesnake* 

He reiterated that the com m ittee's chief counsel Richard Sprague was "a rattlesnake and unconscionable scoun­ d rel.’’ and to that he addl'd: “ Sprague tried to spend com m ittee money on LD phone calls to his P h ila d e lp h ia law firm and to the home of his girlfriend there. And gel this. He actually took a little A capulco vacation for him self while on the com m ittee payroll.” 
As co m m itte e c h a irm a n . Gonzalez said he was expected to allow Sprague to “ hire people, run up huge expendi­ tures sjxMid money on him self or who­ ever. get out of town w hen it suited him 
— all with no accountability to m c or any other co n g ressm an ." 
He predicted the com m ittee will for­ get about .IFK now and go into “ a weak one-legged investigation of the Martin 
Luther King assassination as a sop to blacks." 
Holed up in his North Side home with the flu. totally inaccessible to the news m edia for two weeks. Gonzalez S atur­ day decided to tell his side of the story which lie said "never has l>een honest­ 

 ly sought after, m uch less revealed." 
E sse n tia lly th e c o n g r e s s m a n p ic ­ tu red h im s elf a s a m an se le c te d to preside over a panel that w as never intended to accom plish m uch of anyth­ ing and was “ conniving with un unba­ lanced egom aniac like Sprague while headed now here.” 
‘Clown’ 

He indicated continuance in that role would have tu rn e d him into “ som e kind of cheap clown just as unprinci­ pled as S p rag u e” 
He said the whole m ishm ash in the en d grew’ so w eird it was alm ost im ­ possible to believe 
“ T h e re s s o m e th in g very s tra n g e going on in this country — stran g e and frightening," said Gonzalez. . 
In an attack on the national news media, he said: “ F rom the m ajor TY networks to the Washington Post and 
Washington Star, th e y ’re out to do a hatchet job on me. A pparent it s be­ cause I refuse to be a patsy, a tall guy to save face for The System and The 
Club off which they feed." 
As an exam ple, he pointed to a W a­ shington Star article of last Thursday by female colum nist Lynn Rosellini. 
Dement 

“ T his w om an not only vilified m e and held m e up to scorn, but iii as. ness mg my repute in San Antonio she quoted, of all people, m ysterious Jim 
Dement, the well-known erran d boy foi 
O sc a r W y att, M o rris J a f f e an d all th o s e d ev e lo p e rs who w ant to build over the aq u ifer," Gonzalez said. 
“ T h a t ’s how th e m e d ia s y s t e m 

I* 

'Hello, is this the President?' 

A ll together 

Cindy Everett is concentrating hard on keeping in step with fellow members of the John Joy High School drill team during Texas largest high school dance and drill team competition Saturday at Paul Taylor Field Houae 

Inside the Express-News 

\e f ion E x p r e ss................ 
121 
I r i s ...................................... 
Magazine 
Business 
................ Section G 
Classified..............................Section I) 
Deaths........................................... 
HI 
Dedication Rewarded............. bl 
Editorials. 
........................ HH 
Horoscope 
.......... 
HE 
Molies .................... Magazine 
Politics 
............ 3H 
Chuckle 
The la th er of five ch ild ren who d o e s n ’t show up at th e office is really pretty sil k 

 l l IT H Y E A R N O , 45 

 soap O p eras..................................... 2C 
S p o rts............................... Section S 
Weather 
...................................UC 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann L anders. 
...................HE 
Dan Cook .......................................2S 
Dan k lep p er.......................................HS 
Dear Abby.......................................... HL 
Jack A nderson................................7M 

Lila’s firm on gas company relocation 

ASSOCIATED mss 
W A S H IN G T O N - President 
Carter fielded telephoned ques­ tions — and some gripes — on his own radio talk show Satur­ day. 

’ Some 42 A m ericans got a chance to talk d ire c tly w ith th e ir P r e s id e n t 
Many were thrilled One m an. a South 
Carolina m inister, died of a heart a t­ tack shortly after his conversation with ta rte r . 
The President said he felt the talks helped lam “ understand directly from the A m erican people w hat they a re concerned about. 
T he th in g s th ey w e re c o n c e r n e d about ranged from Cuba to Uh Amin to taxes to an Indian land claim to a for­ bidden cancer treatm ent to a govern­ ment job 
C arter responded to th em all, and when he didn t have an a n s w e r, he promised to provide it later. 
T he tw o-hour CBS rad io p r o g ra m produced no m a jo r d is c lo s u re s , but 

C arter was out to m ake co n tac t, riot news lie gave it all a lirst-nam e, p er­ sonal touch, saying thank you to Pete and goodbye to M ike. His c a l l e r s ’ nam es appeared on a television screen in tin* Oval Office, where C a rter and 
Walter Cronkite of CBS sat iii o r a n g e arm chairs, speaking into twin sets ol goose-necked microphones. 
Cronkite served as m o d e ra to r and followup questioner. 
Prelim inary estim ates by Am erican 
Telephone aud Telegraph Co. pegged the num ber of A m ericans attem pting to call the President at about 9.5 m il­ lion 
While there were no m a jo r d isc lo ­ sures in what C arter had to say, there w ere refin em en ts, aud p r e s id e n tia l statem ents on m atters that previously had been addressed by lesser officials. 
Among them: 
• C arter said he intends to move soon to seek the resto ra tio n of U S. relations with Cuba Bul C a rter said there will have lo be m ajor changes in 

You may have won 

SATURDAY % 
TK MARR Al UR KS n 
44 
T o w ii 
) p m n 
44 
1(1 a m l p m r> 
44 
H o r n i$ 
T o m r> ii 
N o o k el 
M o m 
» 
44 
I e m 
AJ 
* p rn 
44 i i) rn bi 
IO p m ii 
Ii 
J it in bi 
Hum 

238 P A G E S 

AO itto so 
4Vit 

T h e re will be no se ttle m e n t of the 
C oastal Stales-Lo-Yaea G athering Co. lawsuit if Lo-Yaeu’s successor is not h eadquartered in San Antonio, Mayor 
Lila Cockrell declared Saturday, 

The Ex press-News reported exclusi­ vely iii Saturday rqorning editions that the C orpus C hristi ottieials want the new c o m p a n y to be c r e a te d by the settlem ent to be located iii their city. 

" I want to m ake it absolutely cleat tluit the City Council does not intend to have the settlem ent closed unless the 

 corporate h e a d q u a rte rs of the re-or­ ganized Lo-Vaca moves to San Anton­ io." Mayor Cockrell said, 
“ In other words, so fur us we are concerned, no Lo-Vaca, no settlem ent. 
I can understand the feelings of Corpus officials who wish bi speak up for their city, but we also have a responsibility to speak up tor o u rs” she said. 
City Council approved the settlem ent 
T hursday, O th er cities and private industry served by ( uustul Lo-Vaca expected to follow suit so the 
.•-standing p ro b le m c a n be r e ­ lit 

 are lorn 

A super prize is in store tor a lucky IdUMMI Sweepstakes con­ testant Sunday. 

It yours is the lucky Social Se­ cu rity n u m b er in the B onus 
Number slot on Page UC. you will win a 2i-inch color Quasar remote control te le v isio n and a Litton 
Memorymatic Microwave Oven, a total value of $1,399. 

Also, it you are the winner and you are a present subscriber ol the 

 daily E x p re ss and The N ew s, you ll be awarded an extra I,SOU in cash. II you subscribe lo one ol the papers, you will win an extra S-Si. 

No purchase is necessary Entry coupons are available al the Ex- press-News lobby from L l# a ut, to i l l p m weekdays and on Page 
\H today. Winning numbers are posted during office hours in the 
Express News lobby at 3rd M r eel and Avenue E, 

Poge 
2-A . H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sundoy Morch 6 1977 

Mrs. Trudeau gathers no moss 

TORONTO (AP) - Margaret Tru­ deau and Mick .lagger arrived toe- gether in a limousine at the back door of a nighclub for a Rolling Stones con­ cert . 
When they entered the building, 
.lagger, lead singer of the Stones, was surrounded by fans seeking auto­ graphs. Mrs. Trudeau, wife of Prime 
Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau, dis­ appeared into the crowd. 
She found a seat near the stage and sat quietly through the two-hour per­ formance Friday night, tho group’s first club date since 1964. 

What number plee-ezz? 

Otto Flaig was busy 
Saturday answering calls from people wanting to talk to President ( arter. 

It all started Friday after the telephone number to be used for the 
President's call-in show 
Saturday was publicized. 
F la ig ’s num ber 
— 
242-1611 — is the same except for the area code. 

He said the callers started ringing his phone about H a.in. Saturday. 

Flaig said tin* tele­ phone company told him the callers were-appar­ ently dialing “ I ” and then neglecting to in­ clude the 9(1o area code necessary to reach the 
President's number. 

MRS. TRUDEAU 

Queen flies down under 

A Royal Australian Air Force heli­ copter has been fitted for aerial spraying to keep bush flies away from 
Queen Elizabeth ll when she begins her tour of Australia on Monday. 
The fly patrol is only part of massive preparations for the queen’s visit, part of a tour marking the 25th year of her reign. The helicopter will spray parts of Canberra, the capital, where Queen 
Elizabeth and her party w ill spend the first two days of their visit to Austra­ lia. The queen will officially open the 
Australian parliament Tuesday. 
> , r m m ? # 
QUEEN ELIZABETH 

-m i*. 
Where Hm fatorftiffvM mea* 
HI— IM............................... . 
...... . 
Mr. Heath the music man? 

“ What a wealth of music there is in London. And what variety,” read the opening lines penned by 
London’s newest entertainment critic, writing in 
London’s mass circulation Daily Express. 
The writer’s name was well known in the political field: former Prime Minister Edward Heath. 
Heath is well known, too, as a sailor and musician. 
In his first column, which appeared Friday, Heath urged readers to “sample what is available right across the board” in the music world. 
Oh me, oh my, Omar! 

Omar the Snake Man says he made his last ap­ pearance in a rattlesnake pit at Opp, Ala., Saturday, the same day he got married. He says he was more nervous about that than about fooling around with the rattlers. 
The 5o-year-old Nashville, Tenn., snake handler and his “ sweetheart of 4o years,” Geneva Webb, also of Nashville, were married Saturday morning at a high school stadium in Opp. 
HEATH 

Barbara Jordan names the changers 

The compelling force for bringing about change in the United States is the ‘‘outrage and concern” of people, not Congress or the presidency, U.S. Rep. Barbara .Jordan, of ilouston, said Fr in New London, Conn. 

“ W hether we have a better government in the next four years will not depend on the will of the 
Congress, it will not de­ pend on the d eterm in a­ tion of the President," she told an audience at 
Connecticut College. 

“ It will depend on the outrage and concern of the citizens. This is the compelling force for pre­ cipitating change.” said 
Miss .Jordan. 

She also delivered the keynote speech at the 
1976 National Democratic 
Convention. 
JORDAN 

HUG asks jail probe 

By L IZ SW E E T 
U.S. Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez has called for an investigation of the Bexar County Jail by the Ci­ vil Rights Division of the Justice 
Department. 
In a letter to U.S. Atty. Gen. Griffin 
Bell. Rep. Gonzalez said he wanted to call attention to m atters which in­ volved federal civil rights violations. 
Zepeda 

Rep. Gonzalez referred to the recent death of Juan Zepeda, w ho w as arrested and placed in Bexar County Jail on 
Feb. 19. 
Zepeda was found dead in his cell at 
4:2o a m. Feb. 2o. 
Medical examiners’ reports said 
Zepeda’s death was caused by a he­ morrhage resulting from blunt force to the abdomen, according to the letter. 
“State and local police are conduct­ ing an investigation. Nevertheless, this case so clearly involves a civil rights violation that federal investigation is 

 warranted.” the letter said. 
Beyond this immediate case. Gonza­ lez said he believed the entire opera­ tion of the Bexar County Jail required investigation. 
“ In addition to this case. I have had. over the years, a series of complaints from prisoners and their families re­ garding jail conditions, and more par­ ticularly violence in the jail itself,” 
Gonzalez said. 
Prisoners in the jail frequently are subjected to physical and sexual as­ saults because guards do not have a view of all cells at all times, the letter said. 
“ In one case, some months ago, a prisoner was beaten and raped over a period of days by cellmates and he finally died. 
"The case of Mr. Zepeda, who had no contact w ith other prisoners, indicates that abuse by guards is more than a remote possibility,” Gonzalez wrote. 
Gonzalez said that simply being placed in the conditions that exist at the jail could well be cruel and unusual punishment. 
HELLO? 

They couldn t believe it 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
Surprise. 
E xcitem en t. 
Amazement. 
Those were the reactions of some of the 42 Americans who spoke to Presi­ dent Carter during his two-hour CBS radio broadcast Saturday afternoon. 
For some, the call was a carefully planned event; for others, it was a spur-of-the-moment idea. A Texas man. Charles Stone, of Dallas, said he called because cloudy w eather prevented him from a planned trip to the lake “ and there was nothing else to do." 
The callers came from all parts of the country — including Hawaii. They ranged from preteens to senior ci­ tizens. Most made several tries before reaching the White House at the special number set up for the "Ask the 
President" show . 
The first caller to get through was a man with a question about Uganda, the last was an 11-year-old girl who wanted to thank Carter for his invita­ tion to the inaugural — an invitation she couldn’t accept. 
A note of tragedy intruded in the ot herwi se successful ex pc r i rn e n t . 

Esther Thomas 

 however. The Rev. James Baker, a 
Ridgeland. S C., minister with a his­ tory of heart trouble, died of a heart attack shortly after talking to Carter and asking what the President would to to protect consumers. A White 
House spokesman said Carter sent a 

 message of conscience to the man’s family. 
Most of the callers said they tele­ phoned because they were concerned about problems — large and small. 
They were generally pleased with the answers and thrilled at the chance to talk to the President. 
Surprise 
Several people, including Pete Bel- loni, said the conversation was “ a once-in-a-lifetime experience." Others like Mike Fendrick were surprised they beat the odds and actually got through. Still others, like Rita Karat- jas, were stunned by the experience. 
The questions ranged from foreign policy to the Carter family living ex­ penses. They included complaints and compliments. 
Belloni, a printer who works at the 
United Airlines training center in 
Denver, said he dialed the special toll-free number five times before get­ ting through. He taped the call. 
Mike Fendrick of Brooklyn, NA ., a 
24-year-old clothing store employe, said he hadn t expected to get through 
“ because I figured just the people iii 
New York calling would tie the lines 

 up.’’ He made three tries over a period of about a minute and a half. 
Esther Thomas of Villenova, Pa., called “ because I ’m a concerned 
American." She asked Carter “ how we could expect tax reform when all the legislators are rich people.” 
Mrs. Thomas, 58, said the call “ was kind of a realization of a dream ’cause we’re middle class people with no political clout ... I think it (the broad­ cast) makes the American people feel that they’re closer to the President. 
This man s like us ... I’m just so down deep glad that we have a president that people can talk to.” 

Continued from Page IA 
Cuban attitudes, and an end to inter- 
\ (>ntion iii Africa and interference in 
Latin America, before full diplomatic relations will be resumed. 
“ I do intend to see discussions initiated with Cuba quite early,” he said. 
• The President said U.S. negotia­ tors will seek a treaty that would yield control of the Panama Canal to the 
Panamanian government about the year 2ooo. while guaranteeing U.S. and world shipping access to the waterway. 
“ As far as sovereignty is concerned. I don’t have any hangup about that,” he said. 
• Carter said the five-member U.S. mission he is sending to North Viet­ nam will get there on March 16. 
• He said he will come up with his tax reform program by Sept. 3o. and that he will appear before a joint ses­ sion of Congress on April 2o to unveil his energy policies, ( arter said the energy plan will not include anything like a 25-eent boost in gasoline taxes. 
Hedisniisscd news reports that such a raise was under consideration. 
• The President said he has no plans to revive the military draft. He also said he would like to explore a new system of military enlistm ent, “ to combine it with a much more com­ prehensive public service opportunity.” He indicated that he 

A W EE BIT OF K ILLA R N E Y ” IS FOUND IN THIS 

 ig h t w e ig h t s u m m e r t w e e d , a b l e n d o f 
-OLYESTER/WOOL HAS F L E C K S IF COLORI OVER. 
’ALE, SOFT SH AD ES OF BLUE OR TAN, *155. 

SLA 

V- 

V 
♦ pincusi 
WMBPffllYMOUSTON ST -AT 

DOWNTOWN 9 3o TO 5 1o m O R T h IU S a F 
RARA INO Si HINO DOWNTOWN STORC, 

41 l l MCCULLOUGH 

USHMAN 9 Sd TO 6 OO MON TfdU SaT 
A ll MAJOR CRfcDir CARDS HONORIO 

I call 
Carter? 

QUINCY, Mass. (AP) - Donald Al­ len forgot. Lillian Libby thought it was too nice a day to sit by the phone. And 
Elizabeth McEUtgott had such a bad cold she didn't want to talk to anyone, even the President. 
Many Americans tried to call P re­ sident Carter's radio talk show Satur­ day. But while they dialed, talked and listened, millions more went about their weekend routine, unfazed by the unique opportunity to question the na­ tion’s leader. 
"It s a funny thing.” said Allen. 39, of Quincy. “ I did mark it down. But I forgot about it until just now .” 
So while the President answered telephone questions, Allen, a truck driver, dawdled over a cup of coffee at the Pilgrim Restaurant. Down the counter and in the booths, about two dozen others did the same. Each had a reason for ignoring the President. 

“ i ve got a cold and didn’t feel like talking to anybody, never mind the 
President,” said Mrs. McElligott of 
North Weymouth. 
Then she thought, took a hue of her grilled cheese sandwich and addl'd: 
J “ I’m not the type to get on the phone and call the President. Now if my lute husband was living ..." 
In the booth across the aisle, Mrs. 
Libby, 68, of Braintree, said she had started thinking aboul questions when she first heard ut the program a week ago. But s h e glanced out the door where people strolled by on a balmy, spring-like day and confided. “ It s 
I such a beautiful day. I just couldn’t stay home." 
Up aud down the lunch counter, af­ ternoon shoppers paused from the hamburger*, and echoed these reasons and more. Some felt their opinions would not sway the President, others had no questions for him aud a few had not heard about the nationwide call-ui program 
Stanley Snyder, 3o. a Quincy cabdriver, smiled and said: “ I didn’t have ain tiling I wanted to ask him.” 

 would link military recruiting with recruitment for such programs as the 
Peace Corps and Vista, but he did not explain further. 
Repeat 
( arter said he might give a repeat performance some time. 
"I liked it.” he said after the final call. “The questions that come in from people all over the country are the kind which you would never get in a press 
•conference, that the news people would never raise, like the Ottawa Indian question.” 
That came from Mrs. John Ritchey of Georgetown. Ky., who wanted to know the status of claims for compen­ sation for land taken from the Indian tribe. Carter didn’t know, but said he would find out. and did, before the show was over. He said the bill has been passed. 
"I think it is very good for me to understand directly from the Am er­ ican people what they are concerned about, in questions that have never been asked or been reported in the news media,” he said. “So my inclin­ ation would be to do this again in the future.” 
He said he’d wait to see how 
Americans react to the first broadcast. 
“to see whether I’ve done a good job to make it worth their while.” 
There were some sharp questions and there were some complaints, par­ ticularly about C a rte r’s pardon of 
Vietnam-era draft evaders. 
But there were no abusive questions or comments, and the CBS censor didn’t have to use the cutoff button that would have silenced any obscene or offensive caller. 
Carter said he learned a lot and en­ joyed the broadcast. 
Otto Flaig of Milwaukee apparently didn’t enjoy it. Save for the 9oo area code, he has the sam e telephone number as the one set up for calls to the White House, 242-1611. "Since six o’clock this morning, lie has been get­ ting calls from people who want to talk to me," Carter said. 
The President asked people to be careful in dialing, to spare Flaig any more wrung numbers. 
There were questions about Carter’s family, one critical, others cordial. 
Chip 
Nick Kniska of Lanham, Md., want­ ed to know why Carter’s son. Chip, and his family are living at the White 
House instead of earning their own way. Carter (said the fumily pays all its own living expenses. "I want you and the American people to know that we’re nut mooching oil the American taxpayer,” he said. 

National talk show 

President Carter chats with reporters just before the start of his two-hour radio talk show from the Oval Office 
Saturday. 
Carter fielded questions from across the nation. — AP Wirephoto 

Carter says he enjoyed show 

President likes his new Job 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The 
Vt bite House is a nice place to live, 
President Carter said Saturday, 
“ the working conditions are good aud the house is close to my office.” 

He told the nationwide radio au­ dience listening to his talk show that "I've enjoyed these first six weeks of being President.” 

However, he does feel a need to get away every once in a while, particularly lo his home in Georgia where he and his wife “can walk for hours . , . look for arrowheads . . . hold hands and talk.*’ 

I arter also noted that he has been to the presidential retreat at I amp 
David in the nearby M aryland mountains. 

 the President added that while the work load as president is about the same as when he was Georgia governor. "I enjoy it more ” 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— Like a torrent they came, question after question, high ball, low­ ball and curve-bull, hut hardly one that was screw-ball. 
President Carter put on his hest blue suit. stepped across a tangle of cables un the Oval Of­ fice floor, settled into an armchair, and fielded the questions, one by one, as best he could 

Liked it 
When it w a s over tw o hours later. Carter said: 
“ I liked it. The questions 
... are the kind you never get iii a news conference. 
It was very good for me to understand from the 
American people what they’re interested in. 
“ My inclination is to do it again.” tile President added “ 'Hie two hours passed very quickly and I learned a lot from it ” 
He did little during his talkathon to betray any nervousness 
He toyed with a no­ tebook. sip|M*d tea from a cup with the presidential seal, poked his index finger into ills cheek 
Quietly, iii even tones, he spoke into gooseneck microphones in front of ins face. 

He read the names of hts callers from a TV screen on a small table at his left. Their comments and questions dealt with issues, hts family, the burden of his job and what he could do to help his listeners. 
The exchanges varied from significant to in­ consequential, funny to sad, informative to bor­ ing 
One caller was inter­ rupted by his wife, whom he called “ the boss.” 
Another told about her 

 father terminally ill with cancer. 
No staid news confer­ ence, this. But the Carter show was no rocka-tal- ka-ehatter-patter late- night talkiest, either. 
Mostly, the questions were reasonable. And 
Walter Cronkite, the moderator — well, lie s like your uncle down tile street. 
Cronkite managed to mispronounce at least one caller’s name, then misread the name of his hornet ow ii. 

•6 SO Bandora Rood 
St. Aufuitint (Carpet) 

Q U A S S . PUU. PALLET . 
LESS THAN A ROLL PALLET . . 
FVOOATAM ruu pawie 
UM IMM 4 KHI MUMY, . . . 
L IV I OAK mss 

.. 8 3 ' * , * 

I hi r*. 
I .AR mi 

M S B * * * 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Com* Vint Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Carden 
Conter with willy day 
‘FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICtS And SAVtll 
Pi OOO CTB 
ORIN Doily S-7 PM. 
6 M - 2 ) IO 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 

San A ntonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d ay M a rch 6 1-977 

'Pow erful forces’ oppose probe 

Continued from Page IA 

 works. Someone put columnist Rosel- lini in touch with Dement who then was quoted in her column: ‘Henry Gonzalez can scream louder and get in more controversy /hail anyone you’ve ever seen.’ 
“ See how it goes? Dement was a known enemy of mine. He never want­ ed to sue robber baron Oscar Wyatt. 
When the city did sue. Dement was among those ready to take the first 
Coastal States offer at ruinous expense to taxpayers. 
“ The same Dement detested me for my com m ents against O scar Wyatt and the San Antonio gas ripoff. He was even more Incensed at my congres­ sional amennment protecting the city's pure w ater aquifer from greedy de­ velopers. 
“ So who is the ONLY San Antonio businessman quoted in the Washington 
Star article as representative of local opinion about me? Jim Dement, that's who. Is it any wonder I'm leery of the national m edia?" 
‘Mere lackey' 
G onzalez a sse sse d D em en t, now running for the City Council in District it. as “ a mere lackey and windup walking doll for the Fat Cats who’s try in g to tell hom e and b u sin e ss owners he’s out to help them ” 
On the TX’ networks, the congress­ man said: 
“ I’ve been avoiding their local re­ porters because the biggies in Wa­ 

 shington seem to want only bad m a ­ terial on me. Take Doug Ramsey of 
Channel 12 here. He’s their news dir­ ector not even supposed to do legwork. 
But when I got off the plane at Inter­ national Airport after firing Sprague, here comes R am sey, mike in hand, very hostile, asking questions like, 
‘Did you have the rig h t to fire 
Sprague?’ ‘When are you going to quit yourself?’ And so on. I thought I might have to punch this man to get away from him." 
Congressman Gonzalez enjoys huge popularity in South Texas as a law ­ maker who works seven days a week. takes good care of his district, fights openly and aggressively for its inter­ ests. lie's not money or luxury oriented. lives in Spartan fashion and has a re­ cord of spotless personal integrity that not even his worst enemies dispute. 
Punching 
It was vintage Gonzalez to come out punching when he saw the House Se­ lect Committee on Assassinations as a sham and his own position in the chairman's seat as a booby trap. 
“ When the committee was first set up last year, lame duck Congressman 
Tom Downing was named chairm an, with me as vice chairman, even though 
I had introduced the enabling bill,” says Gonzalez. 
“ Never before in congressional his­ tory had a lam e duck been put in charge of a key committee like that. 
Then-House Speaker Carl Albert did it. 

"They never did want the Kennedy conspiracy unmasked' 

 and I should have quit right then. 
“ I stayed on, however, because I didn’t want to give them the chance to say, ‘That damn Mexican won’t play ball if he can’t pitch.’" 
It was Chairman Downing who hired fo rm er 
P h ila d e lp h ia p ro se c u to r 
S p rag u e as the c o m m itte e ’s chief counsel and staff director. 
“ Sprague straightway put 73 people on the payroll at cost of $123,ooo a m onth. He him self moved into the opulent W atergate A partm ent while talking of a $13.2 million com m ittee budget for two years.” Gonzalez went on. 
Alienated 

“ The whole House leadership was instantly alienated by this arrogant self-serving power broker. I can recall some of them m aking like a stuck steam whistle yelling against him .” 
The assassinations committee fund­ ing was suspended at the end of 197o. but House Resolution 222 revived it on 
Feb. 2 of this year, with a total auth­ orized budget of $84,333 a month. 
Meantime 
Congressman 
Downing went back into private life and Henry 
B. Gonzalez took over as committee chairman. 
“ Right away my trouble began. I couldn’t get the committee together on 
T h ursday, Feb. 3. Two days later. when I tried to talk with Sprague, his chief aide said. ‘He’s in Acapulco tak­ 

 ing a rest,” ’ says Gonzalez. 
“ I exploded, ‘W e’re working our butts off and this S.O.B. goes on vaca­ tion without a by-your-leave from any­ body.’ 
“ And that’s about the way it went from there on in!” 
When the committee finally did meet on Feb. 7, a bloc of four black con­ gressm en, led by Rep. Walter Faun- troy of Washington, D.C. quickly made it clear that they were totally under the influence of Chief Counsel Sprague, according to Gonzalez. 

Bolstered lie said this bloc was bolstered by 
Rep. Richardson Preyer of North Car­ olina and by Republican Rep. Sam 
Devine of Ohio. 
“ To show you how the com m ittee was programmed to self-destruct. De- vine was put on it even though he had voted twice in Congress against crea­ tion of the committee,” Gonzalez said. 
“ So what I had at the outset was an effective bloc of six against me, with the remaining five members a bunch of wafflers or ‘showboats’ as such pu* sillinamous nothing balls are called in the House.” 
Chief counsel Sprague finally got back from Acapulco Feb. 8 and met with Gonzalez in the congressm an’s office for the first time. 
F ro m G onzalez’ account, here is what happened then: 
Barlow raps avoiders of jury duty 

By DEBORAH WESER 
Dist. Judge Jam es E. Barlow says he * has no sympathy for citizens who won’t register to vote so they can avoid jury s e n ice. 
“ If a guy wants to take himself off the voter registration roles because he doesn’t want to serve on a jury once every 2o years, he doesn’t deserve to vote and participate.” Judge Barlow said. 
“ I have no sympathy for him .” 
Barlow said complaints about the county’s jury system are invalid. 
People are chosen for jury service in district or county courts by random selection of scrambled names on the 
Bexar County voter registration list. 
Complaint 
One c o m m u n ity g ro u p re c e n tly lodged a complaint about the process, claiming many people refuse to regis­ ter to vote because they can ’t afford lime to serve on a jury. 
“ The inconvenience is their prob­ lem, not the economic loss.” Judge 
Barlow declared after explaining the system and the service exem ptions available. 
“ I think people are too damn lazy to come down and serve on a ju ry!” 
Sitting in IKHth District Court, Judge 
Barlow currently supervises the selec­ tion process for what is called the petit ju ry , used in d is tric t and county 
Ctairts. 
» The su p e rv iso ry d u ty is ro ta te d among the district court judges every six months and Barlow ’s term runs through June. 
Fay is $5 
Pay for a juror currently is $5 a day. 
Several exem ptions to service are spelled out in existing jury duty law. he pointed out. Those who may refuse to serve if they wish include mothers caring for children under IO, persons 
Iii or older, secondary school, college or university students. 
If th e re h app en s to be a c ritic a l conflict with some other event, a |>er* son can ask to have jury duty post- 
(Mined. But it won t In* wiped out alto­ gether. however. 
Bexar County Commissioners Court two weeks ago heard the com plaint about using a voter registration list for jury selection from a spokesman for 
Volunteers Organized in Community 
Effort. 
The VOICE spokesman asked lor the 

 court’s support in the group's effort to lobby for an amendment to that selec­ tion sy s te m . No a lte rn a tiv e w as proposed at the time, however. 
County Judge Blair Reeves, although taking the m atter under study, noted at the time only about 2o.oo11 persons are called yearly here for jury duty. 
Yet the registered voter list contains more than 38o,IMM) names. 
So far as Barlow is concerned: 
“ The (state) statute says you may use the voter registration list and I think it’s the broadest base. You get a complete chance selection across the county.” 
A S S T . H IS T O R IA N E m ily R e a d p o in ts to L in d b e r g h ’s n am e in his h a n d -w ritte n re p o rt o f the m id -a ir collision. 
Lindbergh in air crash years ago over S. A. 

Sunday ideas 

'Indoors, 
% outdoors, all around the River City 

 n j f font tty I OOO 
• TMI: A T E H - 
VU 
• r ro c n or y, o r W h et l i f t a l 6 JO a rn. I ii 
Mb' children under ll 

 idle ated it 

 ti for adolf* and SI 

R E Q U I E M M A O - Mu< u n * Mc go * ut MOV ll c ‘x jn A n to n m C s o r ut S c i t t y o i I ii rn ut 1 1 u liv e r kit V * M urker C MOU*.-* 
T H E A T E R — 
I neuter 
San A n to n io * 
C 
H Hryy V oo r H or n at I JO a rn a l lite Son M 
M o»noo*« 
T i« m i> a te Ii 
IC E V M O * — 
H o n o u r rn ic e at 2 a m 
» un wen hon C writer A re n a tw kcri* a re 14. I i 

E L E A M A R K E I — J r u m a rk e t at in* I-a n u t s r i in M a rk e t Souan? I ry itm m a a l IO a u 
T H E A T E R - 
M o o n » 
I n e ater T Oar mg * 
I*m y * 
I ne f lo o e y M r 
H rO e a t Ik* Rive# 
I Healer ut t p m 
T H E A T E R - 
C H u rts Tneater * 
A n tx vex c Ok* a* J O M 
T icket* ar e 14 
O l U U W IO N r n 
Sun A u la m a A e n e ste r C a 
'OR I 
Reenter* aw a M n ter v te a t yr m a I vireo# * Xnettly H o a r s n o n a S u i a n n e M o m * 
It r n rn in * Vu<» Mea* a Mio tnow ve 
I ic Le** ct 

B y M I C H A E L Q U I N T A N I L L A 

I would have been killed, lor instance. at San Antonio, 
Texas, on March 6, 1925. I at ii after the tear. airplanes iv ere ships without lifeboats; if they went down, there rarely acre any survivors." — CII AHLES 
A. L IN D B E R G H . S a tu rd a y 
Evening Cost. July 23, 1927. 

Fifty-two years ago Sunday, Charles 
A. Lindbergh, then 23, parachuted to safety from a mid-air collision which occurred near Kelly AFB. 
The date was March 8. 1925 — barely two years before he would make his historic solo flight from New York to 
Paris in 33* o hours. 
At the tim e , L in d b e rg h w as a slender. boyish-looking cadet in the 
Army Air Corps A dvanced Flying 
School at Kelly Field, now Kelly AFB. 

Applied for school 

Two years earlier, he had applied for the Army flying school and in 1924 re­ ported for training at Brooks Field, winning his wings at Kelly Field in 
March 1925. 
Nine days before graduation, how­ ever, Lindbergh had an adventure that could have cost him his career before it barely had begun. 
A near fatal brush with death came when L in d b e rg h ’s airplane and a n ­ other, flying form atio n , locked to ­ gether in mid-air. 
The narrow escape, during a mock atta c k m ission above a b la n k e t of clouds, was reco rd ed on p a p e r by 
Lindbergh. 
3-plant* formation 
In hts report, Lindbergh said he, Ll. 
( I) McAllister and Cadet Philip Love were flying a three-plane formation, 
Lindbergh being at the left, with lajve leading. 
“ I passed by the DJL (airplane) and a moment later felt a slight jolt fol­ lowed by a crash,” he related In the three-page handwritten report 
“ My head was thrown against the cowling, and the plane seemed to shift 
|Mtsition and hang nearly motionless tor an instant. 
“ I closed the throttle and saw Ll 
McAllister in his S E 5 on my left Ile was apparentl> unhurt aud getting ready to jump lacked together 
Our planes were locked*together with their fuselages approxim ately parallel My right wing was damaged and folded back slightly, covering the 

“ LU CKY LINDY” as a ca d et at 
Brooks and K e lly fie ld s forward right-hand corner of the cock­ pit. 
“ Then the wires began to whistle, the ships started milling around and the damaged wing commenced vibrat­ ing and striking my head at the bottom of each oscillation. 
“ I removed the rubber safety, un­ buckled the belt, climbed out past the trailing edge of the right wing and with my feet on the cowling oil the right side of the cockpit, which was then nearly vertical, I jumped backwards as far from the plane as possible. 
“ The wreckage was fulling nearly straight down when I jumped and for some time I fell in line with it and only slightly to ont* side,” 
“ Fearing the ships would fall oil me, 
I did not pull the rip cord until I had fallen several hundred feet.” 
Oui of control 
L indbergh then told of seeing the locked ships spin out id control, crash and b u r n iii m e s q u i t e b r u s h us he drifted down into a plowed field. 
“ I saw Ll. McAllister floating above me and the wrecked ships puss about 
IOO yards to one side . . . burst into flames a few seconds after im pact” hi* reported. 

“ Although the impact of landing was too great for mc to remain standing I was not injured in any w ay,” Lind­ bergh’s report concluded. 
Coolness in the face of danger was his outstanding c h a ra c teristic , p e r­ haps best illustrated by his report of the spectacular collision, which earned him the nickname “ Lucky.” 
Lindbergh and 17 other cadets were graduated a few days later on March 
'14. 1925, from the Advanced School at 
Kelly Field. 
Ile had entered the school on Sept. 
12, 1924. along with 1o4 other c lass­ m ates and was one of eight cadets chosen for combat work in fast pursuit planes. 
From San Antonio, with his com ­ mission in the Army Reserve, Lind­ bergh went to work with Robertson 
Aircraft Corp. to fly the mail between 
St. Louis and Chicago. 
More n ic k n a m e s w ere bestow ed upon him, such us “ Slim,” “ the Flying 
Fool,” and “ Lone Eagle, ’ bul it was 
“ Lindy” that stuck when the nation took him to its heart two years later. 
Raised funds 
It was in St. Louis backers raised funds for Lindbergh to buy the now* famous Ryan monoplane that took him across the Atlantic at nearly HO miles per hour on May 2o. 1927. 
He ca p tu re d th** em otions of the sensation hungry world of the “ Roar- I mg 2os” alter Ins transatlantic skim i i i the alum inum -cowled "Spirit of st. 
Louis” 
That event made “ Lindy” un inter­ national household word and was the youthful peak of Lindbergh’s airborne career. 
But perhaps that event was a credit to the schooling and training Lind* bergh received at Kelly and Brooks 
Fields 
“ I was pretty much at home in lilt* air before I applied for an appointment to the Army Air Service Reserve flying 
School” Lindbergh said i i i a July 1927 
Saturday Evening Host article, 
“ I knew that I tool much to learn and that San Antonio was the place to learn it.” he said 

He told 
S p ra g u e th a t as a congressional em ploye at $39,ooo a year he (Sprague) m ust quick prac­ ticing law on the side, quit teaching for pay, quit other lucrative sidelines and quit taking unauthorized vacations. 
Rejected 
Sprague rejected all four directives,’ 
Next Gonzalez told the chief counsel that there was a January committee budget overrun of $1o,ooo which was against policy and against the law. 
He also told Sprague that (quote) 
“ your unilateral rupturing of what you know to be right action causes me to regard you as a complete phony, and frankly, I wouldn’t trust you as far as I can throw an elephant.’’ 
Sprague replied by stomping nut of the congressman’s office. 
T hat afternoon Sprague appeared before the assassinations com m ittee and told the assembled congressmen that he and his 73 employes had a l­ ready agreed to accept salary cuts of 35 per cent — from $123,ooo to $84,333 a month — and that lie “ would try” to; re d u c e the b u d g e t o v erru n from 
$1o,ooo to $4,5oo a month. 
Since the law's the law. Chairman 
Gonzalez w ouldn’t go along on that one. 
But on motion of Rep. Devine, the committee voted to keep Sprague as chief counsel and staff director with free rein, financially and otherwise, until March 31 when its funding ex­ pires. 
‘Pep rallies’ 
On Wednesday and Thursday, Feb 9 and IO, Sprague convened his full stuff for what Gonzalez terms “ pep rallies” at which he informed them: 
• 
Despite Com m ittee C hairm an 
Gonzalez, all 73 staff members would keep their jobs. 
• He (Sprague) had connections on both sides of the House and in its upper echelons that gave him absolute con­ trol over committee doings. 
• 
Gonzalez was a “ mean, vicious highhanded b u lly ’’ who ov errated himself, who needed to be brought down to size, and (quote) “ I’ve seen bigger men than him go down and out.” 
Edith Baish, former fill-in typist for 
Congressman Gonzalez now on the 
Assassinations Committee staff, re­ ported all of this to UBG after the second staff session, with the warning, 
“ Sprague sounds bloodthirsty, maybe a little off his tree, and if I were you, congressman, Cd watch myself” ’ 
Gonzalez immediately sent a note to 
Sprague demanding a list of the 73 committee employes, where they came from and what their present functions were. 
Fired him 
When Sprague dem urred saying, “ I don’t have to give you any of that” and instead presented for Gonzalez’ signa­ ture pay vouchers for $9,9oo, the* con­ gressman hauled off and fired him. 
“ B ig gest item in th e $9,9oo pay v o u c h e rs w ere telep h o n e c a lls by 
Sprague to his law office in Philly and the girl he kicks around with there,” 
Gonzalez sizzled.. 
“ I ’d h e a rd about d e a d b e a ts like 
Sprag ue before but this guy is the all-time champ, 
“ To give you one small sample, he has on the c o m m itte e p a y ro ll, at 
$3o,ooo a year, someone by the name of 
Gaeton Fonzi who’s never so much as been in Washington, lie is supposed to have underw orld connections, this 
Fonzi. and he’s in Miami. What he does down there, nobody knows and 
S p ra g u e w on’t tell. H e’s p robably hanging around some slop chute. 
"Now how could I live with a scam like that, among all the other outrages 
Sprague was pulling?” 
T h irty m in u tes before firing the counsel Feb. IO, Gonzalez notified 
House S p e a k e r Tip O ’Neill and 
Majority Leader Jim Wright of what 
.was going down. He also messaged the other ll committee members. 
History 
What happened after that is history: the assassinations co m m ittee voted unanimously to keep Sprague on. 
"Before quitting myself, I applied to my old friends Tip O ’Neill and J im 
Wright for support," said Gonzalez. 
His voice toned of deep sadness as he added: “ It was an exercise in futility. 
The fix was in” 
Ile said lie returned to San Antonio that weekend and burned up his home telephone attempting to reach O’Neill and Wright. 
“ I tried O ’Neill first, and it was really comic the runaround I got. His aides simply didn't know where Tip 

 was. One of them suggested calling his 
Boston office, which I did. Another aide, Leo Diehl, pledged to move hea­ ven and earth to find Tip and have him call me. 
“ Time bled away. Nothing. It was two whole days of nothing, in fact,’’ 
Gonzalez said. i “ Meanwhile I had a call in for Jim 
Wright, and after a long delay he did respond, assuring me he was TOO per cent behind you, H enry, you know that,’ and also lending assurance that he’d locate Tip O’Neill somehow and have him contact me. 

Upshot 
“ Well, the upshot of the whole crazy folderol was that O’Neill never did call me, and as for Wright, he didn’t bother to call back — not even to explain how come he didn’t locate Tip O'Neill.” 
Suffering from the flu that weekend and since, Gonzalez said he stayed home in .bod “ aware at last that the 
House leadership never had intended for the JF R investigation to fly, and indeed had prefabricated the whole thing for the skids.” 
The congressman said what totally mystifies him is this: 
“ Why all the m ock indignation in 
Congress and the trews media now? 
What was I expected to do? Did anyone seriously think I would sit there bead­ ing that committee while a rattlesnake like Sprague ran amuck, breaking the rules and the law and treating me like dirt?” 
He said a far shrewder guess would be that “ powerful forces including crim inal elem en ts” had deliberately put Sprague and himself into the com­ mittee picture and on automatic col­ lision course. 
“ They never did want the Kennedy assassination conspiracy unm asked. 
They knew I was an honest, direct man who wouldn’t hold still for a transpar­ ent phony like Sprague. K-F-R wham! 
They were so right! The .IFK investi­ gation is over!" 

Out of it 
As for C ongressm an Gonzalez. In* considers him self well out of a bad m ess and says h e’ll go back to W a­ shington soon, represent his consti­ tuen ts d ilig en tly as ev er and look everyone straight in the eye same as ever. 
“ And you can quote me on one thing more, if you don’t mind. Just say the prognosis for Henry Ii. is superb!” 

W 
U W U 
A i 

Ii i A m 

E a X p i W 
I S 

Rickover: The admiral who won't quit 

Nancy Scott Jones writes about 
The People oi Israel 

Drawstring Dress 

 by TANNER 

Easy-to*wear new style 

 the freshest of 
Spring 

 prints. 
Polyester and 

 cotton knit in ap p le 

 green and w hite, sizes 6 

 to I 4, 5 4 .o o . 

 in 

G roup lo visit M exico 

Representatives ut tin* San Antonio 
Convention and Visitors Bureau, visitor attractions anti lintel and motel pro- pert ie* will travel to Mexico f »r a- cultural exchange program 
‘Die group will Im* iii Guadalajara, 
Mexico City aud Moiiterrev from 
March 13-19 
TIM* Im al delegation will have dis­ cussions Mitt) m em bers of the Mexican prw s and travel industry. 

A new audiovisual presentation and 
Spanish language brochure which in­ form the Mexican traveler of a c t i v i t i e s 

 i i i San Antonio will be shown. 
Activities will include sales vails, press conferences and receptions rills year's tourism exchange is a joint project of the San Antonio I on- v eld ton and Visitors Bureau, (he I tut int Slates travel Service, Mcxtcaua 
Airlines aud Ihdufav Inns 

THE HARRIS SHOR 
FOR PENDLETON 

6 /1 2 N Ntw fhountwl* 
828 2 9 /6 
Mailer Charge and Bank Ame > k aid 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
Court decision on aquifer could benefit S.A., clear other issues 

B 
DICK MERKEL 
EMPRESS NEW S CAPITOL BUREAU y 
:XPI 

AUSTIN — A decision must be made \\ithin the next 3o days whether or not Texas Atty. Gen. 
John Hill will take the Texas 
Water Quality Board to court over its latest Edwards aquifer decision. 

Every indication pointed to such a suit following last week s TVVQB de­ cision to ca rv e the single E d w ard s aquifer protection order into separate orders for each of the seven counties involved. 
On the surface, such a suit would obviously be intended to reverse this action and put the unique and envir­ o n m en tally sen sitiv e aq u ifer back under the single 1975 regulatory order applying to all seven counties equally. 
Such a suit would also be highly un­ usual 
In fact, the last time Hill took such a notable stand against another state agency was about a year ago, when he sued the Texas Water Rights Commis­ sion. 
That dispute centered a found water for South Texas Nuclear Project, and the attorney general fiercely battled commissioners when they approved a w ater deal Hill thought u n fair to consumers. 

ANALYSIS 

Uke the nuclear issue, the Edwards fight is vital to San Antonio's future. 
The unique aquifer is San Antonio’s sole source of water. Efforts to keep it pure have long been the subject of bit­ ter debate betwebn environmentalists. who want a strong protection order, and Water Quality Board staffers who paid more attention to property rights of those affected by the order. 
N orm ally, the attorney general is charged with the role of defending state ag en cies against court action brought by others or, conversely, suing others on behalf of state agencies. 
In the aquifer issue, the attorney general would be cast in the role of prosecutor in a case against one of his own clients. 

T h ese a re the a p p a re n t s u rfa c e issues if a suit against the Water Qua­ lity Board is filed. 
However, like the aquifer itself — much of which flows underground — there is also an u n d ercu rre n t here which may surface as the main issue of any attorney general vs. TWQB suit. 
Any attack in the courts on a TWQB decision could be seen as an attack on the en tire TW QB decision m ak in g process itself. 

The thrust of the attorney general’s case would most certainly have to go to the seven-county order issue at hand 

The question of discriminatory re ­ gulation would be paramount. 

If a regulation in one county serves as a safeguard against aquifer pollu­ tion, then why shouldn’t the same re­ gulation apply equally to all counties? 

In short, if a regulation prohibits construction of septic tanks within so m any feet of a s tr e a m in U valde 
County, why shouldn't the regulation apply to septic tank construction near a Comal County stream as long as both affect the aquifer? 

Also, can a geological form ation spreading under, and affecting all or part of seven counties be divided for regulatory purposes by county lines? 

It would seem the best defense against this line of attack must be a mountain of technical evidence from the TWQB staff. 
Staff 

It is the staff which conducts hear­ ings, compiles technical evidence and presents its recom mendations to the board. 
Development of this vital technical evidence, then, could become an all- 

 important issue in the suit. 
Failu re to provide solid technical evidence by the staff would then raise an issue in the courts which has long been debated outside of them. 
Are the decisions of the TWQB based on sound technical ground or are they, in some cases as charged, based more in political issues? 

Is it the staff that runs the board, or visa versa? 
These are not new- questions. 
They have been aired many times in the past. 
They have been the basis of unsuc­ cessful legislative attempts to revamp the TVVQB and its staff. 
Verdicts 

If the current hassle over the E d ­ wards aquifer protection o rd er, or orders, does com e to a head in the courtroom, it could ultimately produce two final verdicts. 
One is the verdict on the vital E d ­ wards aquifer itself. 
It may also serve to “ clear the air" around the TWQB for the immediate future. 
It could afford the board, its director and its staff the last possible forum in which to lay to rest what they appar­ ently feel are unfounded ch arges of 
“ the tail wagging the dog." 
This they, and the public, should welcome. 

JOHN HILL 
C arter eyes recruitm ent 

ATLANTA — Members of President Carter's Ca­ binet got h an d w ritten letters from C arter urg­ ing them to continue to re cru it m in o ritie s and women for governm ent positions, 
U.N. Ambas­ sad o r A ndrew 
Y oung says. 
The notes to Cabinet m e m b e rs sa id , am on g other things, “ I m ade a promise to the American people. I’m counting on . you to help me keep it.’" 
TABLE TOPICS 

Save 2.oo on "Woodland" stemware by Fostoria 

Orig. 7.oo per stem. Lovely lead crystal casual stemware is ideal for informal entertain­ ing or even every day dining! 
Choose from sherbets, wines, water goblets and ice tea gob­ lets in brown or green now and save! Glassware, ^Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park and 
Austin. Charge it! 

See our designer collection of one-of-a-kind Fostoria giftware! 
See this stunning collection of one-of-a-kind bowls and vases by Fostoria. Each is mouth blown and fired with chips of color to form a free-flowing, unique design. 15.oo- 
4o.oo in Glassware, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park. 

Replace your broken Fostoria crystal! We'll special order it! 

Now you can replace broken pieces or fill in missing pieces of your fine old 
Fostoria crystal. If you are in doubt as to your pattern, simply bring in a piece and Mrs. Jewel White, Fostoria's table top advisor, will help you identify the pattern and answer any questions you may have about Fostoria. She will be in the Glassware department at Joske's 
Downtown on Monday, March 7, IO a.m.-2 p.m. and 4-7 p.m.; at North Star on Tuesday, March 8, IO a.m.-2 p.m. and 4-7 p.m.; at Windsor Park on W ed­ nesday, March 9, IO a.m.-2 p.m. and 4-7 p.m.; and in Austin on Thursday, March 
IO, IO a.rn.-2 p m. 

 r d ) 
2 ) 

• 
. . . 
.• ••/ 

VI/ 

M ' 

SALE! W allace sterling flatware! 
Save Vz on place settings! 
Save 25% on open stock pieces! 

For example Grand Baroque pattern: 
3-piece place setting (place size), reg. 124.5o 
Tablespoon, reg. 95.oo, now .............................. 
83.oo 
71.25 

Add to or begin your service of W allace sterling now and save! Sale includes 3, 4, 5 and 6-piece place set­ tings and all open stock pieces in all current active patterns . . . patterns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale prices. Choose Aegean 
Weave, Golden Aegean Weave, Grand Colonial, 
Grand Baroque, Old Atlanta, Romance of the Sea, 
Rose Point, Shenandoah, Sir Christopher, Spanish 
Lace, or Stradivari. Silver, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin. Charge it and save! Hurry, sale ends March 26! 

Save Vz on open stock 
Sterling II by W allace 

Place setting pieces, reg. 14.oo-22.oo . . . . 9.33-14.67 
Serving pieces, reg. 14.5o-24.5o 
9.67-16.33 

Have the beauty of sterling and the practicality of stainless and enjoy big savings, too! Place setting pieces include: teaspoon, place knife, place fork, salad fork, place spoon, iced beverage spoon and butter spreader. Serving pieces include: butter serv­ ing knife, cold meat fork, gravy ladle, sugar spoon, tablespoon and pierced table spoon. Choose from these patterns: Olympia, Coventry Forge, Plymouth 
Colony, Scarborough and Grand Venetian. Offer is limited, so hurry! Pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale prices, 

Silver, Downtown, North Star. 
Windsor Park, and Austin Highland Mall 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Bill aims at policy on energy 

Status o f legislation 

EXPRESS-NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
Austin — One of the first signs of a state energy conservation program became evi­ dent late last week in the Senate. 
Sen. Joh n T r a e g e r ’s 
— 
Senate Bill 8o1 would grant public utility com ­ panies and certain gas su p p liers the righ t of em in en t dom ain over specific privately owned underground formations w hich might he used for underground natural gas storage. 
Publicly owned utility companies and gas sup­ pliers p resently do not have such state sanction to take private property for this use. 
T r a e g e r ’s legislation would be of direct benefit to 
San 
Antonio 
City 
Public S ervice and the city ’s gas supplier, Lo- 
Vaca Gathering Co. 
Key element 
Storage of gas to insure future supplies during peak demand periods has been one of the key ele­ ments in lawsuit settle­ m en t n eg o tiatio n s between San Antonio and 
Lo-Vaca. 
Lo-Vaca officials have stro n g ly en dorsed the need for legislation such as T raeger’s. 
In o th er action last week, Bexar County’s le­ gislative delegation filed 
35 more pieces of legis­ lation. 
Since the beginning of the 65th T exas L e g isla ­ ture. the combined dele­ gation has filed 192 bills and resolutions. 
By Frid ay, the House had 1.47o bills on record and in the Senate 815 bills were on file. 
The latest local interest legislation pending b e­ fore the 
Legislature in­ cludes: 
House 
House Joint Resolution 
28 by Rep. Al Brow n would place before the voters a co n stitution al a m e n d m en t allow ing property tax exemptions for all n o n -re sid e n tia l property and buildings of veteran’s organizations. 
H JB 7 5 by R ep. M att 
Garcia would submit an­ o th er eo n sititu tio n a l amendment to the voters. 
T his one would give counties, cities and towns the authority to issue in­ dustrial revenue bonds. 
To be used for industrial developm ent purposes, the p ro p erty acq u ire d with the bond proceeds would be su bject to ad valorem taxes. ll B 1326 by 
G a rc ia would be known us the 
T ax In cre m e n t F in a n c ­ ing 
A ct. 
An urban renewal bill. HB1326 al­ lows designation by the city of a particular sub­ standard area as a T IF area. 
The tax valuation in the area is frozen at the present level on a co m ­ mittment from property owners they will upgrade their holdings. Then the city would issue limited purpose bonds for public improvements to the a r ­ ea. The bonds would fin­ ance construction or re ­ construction of streets. curbs,’ sidewalks, street lights, parking g arages and w ater, sewage and drainage facilities. The bonds would then be paid off by the proceeds from higher taxes due to the in crea se d value of the land due to the improve­ m ents both by the city 
I aud the landowner. 
HB136o by 
Brown 
| would provide extension of the special disabled 
I v e te ra n s auto license plates to any veteran who has suffered tit) per cent or more disability as a result of military se n ice. 
The present level is 7o per cent. 
It also provides free plates to any veteran who suffers the loss of. or the use of, a leg regardless of the certified d eg ree of disability. 

HBI 362 by 
Brown would ch a n g e the r e ­ quirement for candidates to file fiananeial s ta te ­ ments with the Secretary of State in both general and special elections. 
For general elections, candidates currently are required to file a state­ ment within 3o days after filing deadline for the electio n . B ro w n ’s bill would m ak e the first 
Monday in February the deadline. 
In the case of special e le ctio n s, c a n d id a te s would be required to file financial statements five days prior to the election. 
HB1415 by Rep. Don 
Rains would prohibit a municipally-owned utili­ ty from co n stru ctin g a facility to tra n sm it n a ­ tural gas to any area for sale to that area if it is already being served by an oth er m u n icip ally owned utility. 
HB1456 by 
Rains would prohibit the Parks and Wildlife Department from authorizing a spe­ cial a rch ery season for deer, turkey or javelina in Blanco County. 
H B1348 by Rep. Abe 
Ribak would allow a par­ ent to assign a portion of his or her salary for the payment of court-ordered child support. The p a r­ ent's employer would be obligated to deduct the amount from wages and pay them into the court of re co rd once the e m ­ p lo y e-p are n t has r e ­ quested it under legal provisions of the b ill.. 
HBI347 by Ribak would exempt deputies or other employes in the office of the c le r k to a d is tr ic t co u rt from inclusion under the s t a t e ’s civil service act. 
HB1371 by Rep. Joe L. 
Hernandez would amend the sam e law' to exempt deputy sh eriffs or e m ­ ployes of the sheriff’s of­ fice, as well as deputy constables and employes of the constable's office from the civil service act 
HB1447 would provide for recall by voters of any elected public official — except officials of home rule charter cities — and is enacting legislation for 
Ribak’s 
HJB69 which calls for voter approval of a co n stitu tio n a l amendment to establish the recall procedure 
Senate 
Senate Bill Tail by Son Joh n 
T ra e g e r of Seguin would re * quire certain fiscal reports of, junior colleges, colleges and universities lie circulated to the state auditor In addition copies must be retained for distribu­ tion to legislators or other state officials on request 
SB7H3 by Tracker would allow the Texas W ater Quality Board to designate a person to prnv id** an area or region wide system or system s tu serve all or part of the w aste collection , tre a t­ ment or disposal needs of a de­ signated area 
SB 7M by T ra e g e r would am end the state Solid W aste 
Disposal Act to tidier define Hie functions of the Texas D epart­ ment of Health Resources and 
Hie Texas Water Quality Board in the areas of waste disposal. 
SB785 bv Traeger would allow the TW QB to execute a g re e ­ ments with the federal F o u r* onm ental P ro tectio n Agency aud to collect a reasonable fee for processing grants for appli­ cants 
SB7ti5 by Traeger further de­ fines product liability under the stale s Business and Com merce 
( ode It sets (initialions for da­ mages arising jrom personal or property injury, or death aris­ ing from a defective product 
It also sets out limits on ad­ missability of ev idence iii court p roceedings involving a p ro­ duct ll also sets a definition tor wha! is defective in a product and the lest for sui h ev nivm c in court cases. 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
RgWiWA MKS W k.'N, SN O, 9*4 la w Os, >*«•*,*..>n^ D o, 4*4 an N I, 4 CN.,t»a* 
D ot N a * laa< > (Set * •*.* N a , e t iw N N » t iN so ^s *>«a, 
ASa wteM W A a* a **v«Ae, 
■sa" 
4 t»> ,»«at O s, N a * f »s» i O b, *s*S aa a tw a ta *« f W -a a , lr h a f>pi«ii Ntwi Co*Ro>aiion 
RO I , , J O I 
W 4 > itn , (aaa* TORR 
W'O-O* CNH Bs>»Oft *9*4 a* 
I 
W * A - w * la ta , 
Ras-s'-atN .a n a a " a ate St JAa .« > * a* JR Aa ( w a * R t t a* >« A a *-" »«■«'•" Aa C « "a a a an N u # ,a LA>aAa, <»»«*• a * „ a 

• R a m 
• o n , I 
Rb h b A <a W * A n a t " * l > , , H a* S a " As *a«"A N a , 
«*»«••,* a*, rn* a*s*se»wN "a* ta- , '*A *a< .ma u - 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION R A U S 

**ON< 
A* W 

OTHIR STATIS 

 l l 4« 
14 At 
I t OR 
14 4* t i l l 

I t t i 
I t JO i t 4 t 
14 ><i 
U 4 * 

A - » 
UA 
WH 
IM 
UH 
UA 

U > J 4 ii' *• 
U U J * 
U A tO 
I 1 A RI 

 t >4 t4 
$44 l l tto AR t 4 4 |4 
UU Bt 

* A a, MW 
«* I'M NAS uialiii Hi* 

*t It 
* 
I W aAa, * I * * 4 rn* 

•alia,* <4 • 

#*A SvN 
A* 
, I S A i l ■ I * 4 J AN 

1 4 I t taw AMMA 

-Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

How they voted 

Y *¥•» 
V 
N s N o 

RON BIRD 
Y 
Y 
Y 
N 
Y 
- ’N 
AL BROWN JR. 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y v 
DON CARTWRIGHT 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
MATT GARCIA 
Y 
Y 
N 
N ” 
1 
JOI HERNANDEZ 
Y 
A 
A 
A 
A 1 
FRANK MADIA 
Y 
Y 
Y 
N 
Y 
JIM N 6 w lin 
N 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
DON RAINS 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
ABC RIBAK 
Y 
A 
A 
A 
A 1 
LOU NCIU SUTTON 
Y 
Y 
V 
1 'n '.. 
V 
TRANK TUC DA 
V" 
V 
V ....FT...7 . 
BOB VALE 
V 
V 
V 
N 
Y 
Tex«* S rttalv 
Y 
Y 
Y 
N 
V 
GUNN KOTHMANN 
Y 

 f r a n k l6 m b a r d <n o 
A 
JOHN TR ACOCK 
Y 

A ss Absent 
o = Abstain lf eek ending 
March Ty 
J 
House OKs pay plan for judges 

EXPfiESS-NfW S CAPITO l BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A bill allowing the Bexar 
County Commissioners Court some say in setting salaries for county court- at-law judges is on its way to the 
Senate alter passing its House test last week. 
HB5o2, by Rep. Run Bird of San 
Antonio, won House passage Wednes­ day by a 113 to 8 vote, w ith 12 m em bers recording present but not voting. 
The bill allows commissioners to set judges' salaries ut nine-tenths of the total salary’ and supplements of stale district judges in the county. 
While the bill retains the $25.oo(1 annual minimum of the old law. it also opens the door to a new ceiling salary of approximately $41,ooo annually for court-at-law judges. 
Passage of HB5o2 killed Rep. Jim 
Nowlin’s own bill (BH 1173) which would have placed complete authority tor the judges' salaries in the hands of the County commissioners court. 
Legitimacy 
On Thursday a bill eliminating any mention of legitim acy on birth and death certificates was passed by the 
House and sent to the governor by a 
113-5 margin. 
SB3o. by Sen. Don Adams of Jasper, was sponsored through Hie House by 
Rep. Herman Adams Jr. of Silbee. 
The bill requires the nam ing of a child's father on a birth certificate only when parentage has been legally established. 
Hank offices 
Senate Bill 458. prohibiting any state bank from relocating to another coun­ ty. cleared the House on Thursday and 

 is now awaiting the governor s signa­ ture. 
Parks 
Under a bill passed by the House on 
Thursday, counties will no longer be limited to $15,ooo as the amount they may spend to acquire and im prove land for parks. 
HB8o1. by Rep. Joe Wyatt of Victor­ ia. received an overwhelming 118 to I vote and was sent to the Senate. 
Aliases 
The long standing practice of issuing alias driver's licenses to law enforce­ ment officers for use in supervised criminal investigations took a m ajor step tow ard final a p p ro v a l here 
Thursday. 
SB1oo. by Sen. Walter Mengden Jr. of Austin, was sent to the governor alter winning a House battle 84 to 38. 
It allows the director of the Depart­ ment of Public Safety to approve alias driver’s licenses for law enforcement officers for use in supervised criminal investigations. 

Judges 
On Monday, (lie Senate passed and sent lo the House a resolution setting new procedures for disciplining erring judges by a 21-8 vote. 
SJR3o c a lls for a const Hut Iona amendment changing the name of the 
Judicial Qualifications Commission to tilt* State Commission on Judicial Con­ duct 
S ponsored by Sen. J a c k Ogg of 
Houston. SJR3o also in c re a se s the commission membership from nine to ll. including a .justice of the peace. 

JOSKE'S 
TEEN BOARD 
TRY-OUTS 

P relim in a ry J u d g in g 
Saturday, April 2 
Joske's D ow ntow n Store 
B eh in d the Toy D epartm ent 

If you are currently a sophomore or junior in an accredited San Antonio high school, try out for Joske's Teen Board. If you're selected to represent your school, you will model in 
Joske's Junior Fashion shows, attend monthly 
Board meetings, receive the lastest fashion information and participate in service pro­ jects, competing during the year and in May of next year for the 1978 Miss Tenna Texas title. 

Pickup an application blank in the Junior 
Department of any Joske's San Antonio store. 
Fill it out completely, attach a recent photo­ graph, then bring it with you to the prelimi­ nary judging at Joske's Downtown Store on 
Saturday, April 2 at the following times: 

Last names A through M— 1o:3o a.m. 
Last names N through Z-2:3o p.m. 

Applicants are judged on poise, grooming and overall appearance, personality, activi­ ties, honors and scholastic record. 

Finalists will be notified by mail and must be present for final judging and interview on 
Saturday, April 16, Joske's Downtown Store. 
JOSKE’S 

SALE! 
Save 15.o1 on this bean pot lam p with raised floral motif from Cycle II 
99 
39 

O rigin ally 55*oo. Has antique raised dogw ood motif, with ivory vinyl pleated shade. Stands a full 38" high and com es in four color combinations: ivory motif on ivory glass base; b eige on caram el base; b eige on sienna base or beige on navy base. Use it in your liv­ ing room, den or bedroom! Save now in Lamps, 
Downtown, North Star, W indsor Park and Austin. 

SALE ON SILK-O-LITE' 
LAMP SHADES IN 6 STYLES 

Regularly 
15.99. 
Style 517. ’Vanity' model, with tailored drum. 
Bottom diameter 
Depth 
8" drum 
QVi" 
IO” drum ll" 

Regularly 
16.99. 
Style 53o. Tailored crepe drum. 
Bottom diameter 
16" drum 
15" drum 
14" drum 
13" drum 

99 

Regularly 
17.99. 
Style 426. White vi­ nyl pleated shade. 
White only. 
Bottom diameter 
Depth 
17" drum 
U H " \ 
15” drum 
\o l/z" 
13” drum 
IO” 

Regularly 
Style 14o5 shantung styles. 
Bottom diameter 
16” drum 
15” drum 
14” drum 
13” drum 
19” drum floor 

2o.99. 
Antique two 

Regularly 
2o.99. 
Style 16.16. Scallop­ ed crepe drum or bell. 
Bottom diameter 
Depth 
171/2” drum 
151/ 2” 
16” drum 
UVT 
15" drum 
14" 
14" drum 
13W 

99 

Regularly 
2o.99. 
Style 92o5. Antique shantung extra tall drum shade. 
Bottom diameter 
Depth 
18” drum 
2o" 
16” drum 
18” 
14" drum 
16" 

For correct size, m ea­ sure old shade, straight down the side tor depth and across the bottom for width 

Silk-O-Lite * lamp shades are wrinkle proof and guaranteed w ashable. Features glare- free light-up and rust-proof frames. Choose from six popular styles in white with white lining or sand with white lining; except vinyl pleated shade in white only. Buy now and save in Lamps, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. Charge it! 
JOSKE’S 
A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

 s s A UNIT Or ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

*3 to *4 
W ijjs that are fresh and young 

 as spring itself 

Sunny 

Softly curled, young, fresh- flattering. 
Easy-eare 1oo% Kanekalon® modacrylic carefully color-bended, capless for comfort. 
88 
Skater 

P o p u l a r new angular cut tapers to a point at the nape of neck. Elura® wig of Monsanto s modacrylic fiber, with skin-look top. 

In our Cosmetic Departm ent 

Sale prices good thru Mardi I Jill 

Soft and lovely spring dresses 

Special Purchase 

Limited quantities i i 
99 

Prints with pizzazz put an end to hum drum dressing. And our polyester knits 

 prove the point. Choose from a fabulous selection of long-sleeved styles. 

Fashionable features include self-belts and ties, buttoned fronts and cuffs, 

 back zippers, and soft, spring colors. Machine washable. Sizes 8-2o; Utt-24-Vi. 

A special purchase, though not reduced, is an exceptional value. 

In our Dress Department 

Save $3 
Sears Best polyester pair-offs 
8 
Print shirt 
99 

Regular $12 
Styled 
¥ pant* IO 

A silky soft, beautifully tailored, long sleeve shirt looks wonderful on almost any occasion, In a variety of fresh, new p rin ts color coordinated to make a handsome couple with the punts. 1o-18. 

In our Sportswear Department 

99 

Regular $14 

Great looking fly front pants detailed with shirred insets in the waistband, a innclty button closure. Designed to fit exceptionally well b ecause they're pro­ portioned. A with range of colors. 8-18. 

Save $3 

Shoulder a big bold canvas with leather-look trim 
99 
Regular $13 
9 

Meet our big, status-conscious canvaie; soft, squashy, generously bound with leather-louk smooth, supple vinyl. I great colors—khaki, brown or black wit 
Un, natural with brown. Don’t miss then 

In our Accessories Department 

SCAMS. H o i SI I K AN O ( ti 

* 
, 
, , i i a,. 
— 
All sale prices good thru March 
Xulr prices good thru March I Jill 
1 
• 
1 1ll's Al) IX OI It UOIMl 

It it hark ed h> Se*** Vt!* ti t i*iii|i I’olit > v, lii> Ii din iii pf ii * «| 11 ('It I lim nm (lie tale, s r * ill ic* 
Where America shops requite* m f ) adsctli*cil item lo lo* mi|»* order for in n al the sale pi a e . lid s doe* not ported in calli store Hill* *iifC**ieot mer- appl* lo »p«-«t.tl port Im ***, e |*w tutee .ttol 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Alone y Math tltamliM* . . . lf me should fin) oui of ail) re- closeout sales hlicte quantities ai. lim ited. 

I J! I It 

P us SIMS a fla ts Slurs ha* arr** 
%lua aaa H un H iu -l til altar Oat* V Mi I. 

M iltlar* tiro s Slu rs al etsa*aatua MU 
Wua thru s«i 
**. IO «# 

(s a lra i f a i t Slur s#a P o ilu al I uui* 
Hum I Iou Sal. 
O.iO.U 

$ 

■: ■■■ ■ 
•A ■' ' f' 's •*, ',> Inez seen as breakthrough 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
Page, 
7-A 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
SAN FRANCISCO — “ We’re having to overcome a whole problem of violence against women which has become a part of the fabric of our society and Inez Garcia is a real breakthrough,” said one feminist activist. 
With the innocent verdict returned 
— mmy 
PThe age-old advice o f relax an d enjoy it is no longer viable9 

SY M BO L of w om en’s right of self- defense is w hat fem inist activists are calling Inez Garcia. r 
NOTICE 

The Craftsman bench grinder, model 
1o39. shown on page 
5 of Sears 
M arch Hardware Sale" supplement iii this paper, will not he available for several months, due to energy related delays at the factory. 
Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Friday in Mrs. Garcia’s second trial for murder, womens’ groups chalked up another victory in the struggle to change views toward sexual assault on women. Mrs. Garcia was arrested after killing a man she claimed helped rape her. 
“ I think there is a changing attitude about rape,” said Del Martin, a member of the National Organization of Women and leader of the San Fran­ cisco Commission on Women. “ The age-old advice of ‘relax and enjoy it’ is no longer viable. What’s happening now is that women are finding strength in other women.’’ 
Out in force 
Fem inists turned out in force, crowding into the tiny Monterey Coun­ ty courtroom where the Garcia trial was held. Their support seemed little diminished from its earlier intensity when Mrs. Garcia was first tried and convicted in 1974 of killing Miguel 
Jimenez, a 3oo-pound man she said stood guard while another man raped her. 
Mrs. Garcia, separated from her husband, served 15 months in prison before the conviction was overturned on appeal in 1975 and she was released on bail. 
.loan Little 
Th(‘ activism her case stirred recalled the nationwide defense movement for Joan Little, acquitted last year in North Carolina of killing a male jailer she said attacked her while she was being held on armed robberv 

 charges. 
In the emotional moments that fol­ lowed the verdict. Mrs. Garcia said she felt she had won an uphill battle. 
“ It’s so hard to prove when a woman gets raped.” she said. “ I want lo thank the jury for believing me.” 
Louis Castillo, the man Mrs. Garcia claimed raped her, was never charged. 
But rape was the backbone of her defense, despite claims by prosecutor 
Arthur Braudrick that the assault was a “ red herring.” 
After the verdict, defense attorney 
Susan Jordan said, “ I think the jury understands what a person in Inez’ position goes through.” 
Women jurors 
Jury foreman Herman Champlin said the presence of two women on the panel helped educate male jurors on the rape question. 
“ I think they gave us an idea what a woman would feel like under similar circumstances.” he said. 
“ It’s important that women see it as a model for action,” said Patty Deslieg of San Francisco Women Against 
Rape. “ It is possible to fight back and it s your right to fight back." 
The “ Viva Inez” defense committee will live on, Mrs. Garcia said, to fight further battles for womens’ rights. 

S S 3 - 3 - 7 7 

( Jut tteccUifcb ate a/ways am i ta Me 

Ic fowl ifcu af ne exha ct auf* 
FURNITURE CO. 

/ ! 

' f i t f u l 
W M l ? ; us 

WM 

UL 

 u 

- J 
L 

L - 

& 

 l f —f 
V TI 
L * 

VT 
IS 

 mot™? 

N I u ' v t 

 ft 

Extension table • China 
• 2 arm chair • 4 side chairs 
8-piece group Was $3,o71. 
NOW $2,455. 

S A V E $616. 

Raintree" dining room 

An entirely new concept. Called by the 

 designers, "Country Modern." 

Blending the American present and touches 

 of the American past. A most harmonious style. 

Warmly individual, quietly sophisticated. 

 a. ra 
-«j 
: 
R ?. i 
-n i 5 rn 'U U l 5 I' b. 

Ai 
Save 2o% on 
The Arrangement " 

Modular units to arrange’ in a number of different ways 

Was 
NOW a. High upright units, ea. 
.$419. ^336. b. Corner units, ca.............. $419. '336. c. 2 shelf, units, ea. set . . .$1o5. 
*"84, d. Desk top u n i t ............... $1o5. v84 

SI c. 

 u s a - 

T f 

 d. ll 

V A 
*4 
-Ai 

N E W A C C O U N T S I N V I T E D ! Itta la llm « « t P U r o - ia t e n c le d C r*d »« - N a tio n a l C re d it 
C a id * 
O m e r * Clote. C « it « B u n c h * . M a it ar C h at vt* B a n k A rn *.ic a « d , A n t i i i u i t E n fir ***, 

Sears 

S a Y C ^1 on infants’ creepalong and toddlers’ overall sets 
399 

 each set 

 regular $4.99 

Short sleeve shirts a n d m atch in g b ib fro n t creepalongs for infants, sizes S,M,L. Short sleeve shirts and button strap overalls for toddlers, sizes 2T-4T. All Perma- 
Prest^ fabrics. 

Infants’ sleep 

 and play suit 
99 

 regular $3.69 

From our Winnie-the-Pooh^ collection. Soft jersey knit with Gripper** snap fasteners down front, legs. 5o% 
Fortrel® polyester, 5o% 
Amel* Triacetate. NB, IR, 
2B, 3B, 
<s,Walt Disney Productions 

Save 6o'. Water resistant |»»do 3 9 reg. $ 2 .9 9 
« . 

T o p am i bottom layers of cotton flannelette. v in > l core. Print. 27\39 in. 

Save S I. I 'hernial crib blanket 

 reg. $ 5 .1 9 
4 

Ye ar-ro u m l se iu b t i» co m ­ fortable in slim m er am i winter. W bile, yellow . 

Sav e $ 2 .4 o Pillow / emit forter set 

 reg. $ 1 1 .9 9 t y 5 9 

3 6 \ b in. n vlo n taffeta com forter, polyester fib e r­ fill. P lu s pillow . 

Save 52* 
Infant receiving blanket 

 reg. $ 2 .6 9 2 VI., of* 

S o f t l y n a p p r il, h e a v y ­ w e ig h t a c r y lir in pretty n u iM -ry p rin t*. t o * IO in. 

Save $2.19 baby’ s play pen 

 reg. $ 2 1 .9 9 
I 9®° 
\ ir e m e n <1 o ii* b u y ! b o o m y ih-in. x p ia r e p lay pen i i i j.-iiiifliam p rin t. 

Save 58'. Infant siiapside shirts 
2 31 
I reg. $ 2 .8 9 
* & 

C olto n rib k n it shirt with a d ju s t a b le t ip e i. P r in t . 
S B , S. M P h *. of 2. 

Save $ 1 .4 2 . P la tte * nurser kit 

 reg. $ 7 .9 9 
6 ’ 7 
I oui.till' ti Im bler-. <■ *'-»p-. ii nipple-. bottle liner- am i I retainer > HIK- 
$1.19 Liners, ...99* 

Save 2o* fitted crib sheet 

 reg. $ I .‘#9 
I 
79 

T ie h tb w ove n lo tio n for verv lo n g wear. 
2S\"i2 incite*. W h ile only. 

Ask about Sears Credit Plans 
*5 Off! 

W hltc-finish baby crib 

R egu lar $ 1 1 .o 9 
S in g le d ro p aid e with aafety-catch re le a se . 
Teething rails. Meets or exceeds Consumer Prod­ uct Safety Commission standards. On sale! 
$15.99 mattress ......... 14.99 
$5.49 Bumper Pad ....... 1.19 

B a b y h igh c h a ir 
Yellow plastic shell gold color tubular steel legs. Removable tray. Buy now and SAVE! rvgutur $14.99 
13 99 

N O R T H S lD e • R e c to r S t opposite N S ta r Mall • Open Mon Ar Thurt 1*1 © • Phone 3 4 2 9411 
Sears 

• lit t*ur Inf Mitts I lr par tm*-ut 

W h e t* A m e n e * s h o p * 

E x p a n d in g g a le 
Hardwood gate with non-toxte finish. 
Expands to 4 it. to fit most doorways. 
Buy Now and SAVE' 
* 1 6 7 regular $ 1.5o 

 stab prier* goml thru Match I lib 

 th»w*tow« Ct..* st-MF* 
*ota4*ii At Stitnu 
H o * * * 4 I W n> * Mi ** 
XU u tW r t e n » *» *. 

M U M *#* O n *# st#,** a* Pts avant—i- U 4 
W-.« iS in Vtti 

* t aw a! Park s « „ „ 
SOM I*, ten at lu u # I t 
Vt.... r St a sat, 
*i Iii I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 19 77 

VITAMIN C 

 to 
IU. 
D-alpha 
* 1oo 
<3 No. 38 25o-S4.49 
No 
2513 
5oomg. & 
5oomg 
$199 
QRc 
I ,o o -------- 

 kl 

 writ) 
Rose 
Hips 
25o-S4 75 i Ascorbic 
'Acid 

 no 
IU 
D-alptia 

 ll No. 55 2 5 o -S4 .4 9 

No 
992 
1ooomg| r o w 

 t j f IOO 

 wrNr 
Rose 
Hips 

25o $8 39 
$198 toe I IOO 

2oo 
IU. 
o-alpha 

No. 16 25o-57.36 £ 
-------------- 

2oo t A 
'* n 
VITAMIN E 

IU 

M ixed 
1oo l? 
No. 795 2 5 o -5 7 .3 6 

Ascorbic 
Acid 5oo $8 75 

 lO N E Y ^ 99 

1 5 lb. CAN 
TOU SAVE St.8o 
I l l H 
K 
. P N U N IC I 31, H IT g 

M IERS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN,. 
45- 

1 6 o z .69c 

 compaa Squibb 
Tberagran4M 

 to S u p ertro n 
MUI ll VITAMINS 
*ITM MINI AAI S 
SAMS 
I OPMUl A 
25o 54 9o $198 
I IOO 

COMPTE b GERTHA to 
GERFGEN 
LIQUID$185 
SA Mf 
FORMULA 

16 OZ 

? '1ooS NATURAL 
EREAL77* 

13 OZ 
VOQ SAVE 22C I 
MW I . B W P ■ * § » ! , if.n ! 

★ Compare ★ 
ALL-STAR Protein with Hoffman’s if &Save! ★ 

9o% ffrgti Protein 
Ne TATA 
Tablets r n 

I i im pan with Huffman 'n 
A sin 7ht 

 ho talc fpwder 16 oz.-S4.35 
12 VAm al prole ie rn 2 teavpeoai ut* 

COMPARf Miles 
.S P CHOCKS plus 

B 
RONtoNUTRI 
CHEWS WITH 
«oN $|79 

Ttt?l>VTfyTTTtfftTyT| 
H a 

SIMC CORMULA 

COMPARf 
M U S 
oNE-ADAY to UNHJEN 

SAMI 
FORMULA 

IOO89o 

COMPARf SOU,bb 
IM Theragran to 
Therapeutic 
(Mi-Vitamins 
$179 

COMPARf 
GERITo1 to 
GERBEN 

TAS-T-SoYS 
Jumbo Split 
Soybeans 
TOASTED 
SALTED 

1 2 O Z . 

: Reg. $ 1 .o 9 you s a v e toe 

LAAAAAAAAA 

Science fair winner sees big problem with peanuts 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
Peanuts may be in vogue with the current 
White House administra­ tion. but countries using peanuts as a protein source are in trouble. 
That is the opinion of a young San Antonio scien­ tist who has researched this area for two years. 
“ I was trying to establish that alfatoxin is causing deaths in the countries where peanuts are used as a protein source,” said Traeev 
White of East Central 
High School. 
Big winner 
Tracey’s project, “ Al­ fatoxin. 
Detecting a 
Harmful Mycotoxin in the 
Starr 
Peanut,” earned first grand prize at the 21st annual Alamo 
Region Science Fair Sa­ turday at Trinity Univer­ sity. 
Tracey and 
David 
Morrison of Churchill 

AAA 

SAMf 
FORMULAIOO98o 

VAI MAL (GNC COMA 

B-Complex ,oo $5.45 

5o mg in 8 FACTORS 
25o- $13 OO 

Party Mix 7Q 

Salted or 
■ t o e 
Salted or 
Plain 9 OZ 
YOU SAVE SOC 
N I, EMUS MARCH 31, 1177 53 
Natural Multi-Vitamins 
PREVENTION 
WITH ZINC 

No.588. 

< 2 » 

Reg.$ 4 .8 8 loon 
Reg.S17.75 

, 
$ 3 7 5 Reg.$34.oo S ^ - |6 9 
^ ^ * 2 2 95 *— ^ 

{thompson 
RAISINS I h t o .Rag.$1.69 YOUSAVE2oc | 
BUT NI, EWH MAMI 31,1177 E & i 

B l Ii. 'XAA. 'I B 

CALIFORNIA g it 

DATES I 
I1 

MAU FLAVORED 
S M A 
‘CHEWABLEPROTEIN 2oo/ 
^ 
WAFERS 
$275 

 i o y 
It Utticwws tAMMUVMlen t mr a 
HO IAI? 

Ill IIH III III MUTI! Mi ll) 

 ll M ll ll 111 i i JI Iii ti 

 lii[tTiHM|ii'inii|Htin'riTTTTi 

 iiih* Up a1 & 
? ' s i, 
|9C, 
■" iiWu 
IIM 
Im lniliu 
S t 

L u ll,I 

Bterotol C a p su le s 
(im p a rt with 
Ho r n 

Hoffm an’* * m i * * # % l o s e fa t 

¥ o o t i e n s h i (es cu«h mea a pre ji n n u n s you 

Super fBendol Capsules 

( 'im pan with New 

H o ffm a n ** m r * % r 
*2” 

Rapid Gam Weight Powder 

(im p a rt with cdacaum no un 
Hoffman ’n A m t fir* t##*e* -no totj 

$ 7 ^ 9 
ZI 

 lO S t m a r f t m * m i i G h j • H p C A iO n il c O U H T i h C 
• hp t n oasts' •NOsnaat on r$- 
TPi"AS to A youti O* No* YONI OOCto'!, you CA'! no* low pounds C ugly *al Artoou* gong on Any So#Ci«i d'Ol *<toOut Cutong Ou< An. 
M»c«!toodt 
HELPS REDUCE HUNGRY MOMENTS 

Tn#s# Ne* you action <>$iov#*#o a food Adiu.Ant ca##*} MODEi 
ETTS 
Mod#* ens does 'omAdiAbie to#ig» ll h#»os you cu> down 
YOU' COOK MOM by A natu'Al automa!/ Cubing o* ton APOOMe # 4 
O' to# a*sue tv foods 'asuMmg au!oma!>c*Mv >n a 'oducod mux# 
o**ooo 

Rapid Gam Weight Tablets 

 i m p a r t with 
No iais 

Huffman k * m e 
" TSaBFT 

Tnt docior* car#My mocsnd 'esuti And *•*«• is **>ai to#» lound 
1 W rgto1o5Ao5 of A to 2o pounds *itoout Any id ejects *t>atso#*<« 
2 96S oi toe men *nd *omen *»o used Model ens lost *o oT’ 
Modo! ens « Afsoh.ie<* sate it >s a food Adin. an I not a drug 

•Atvan GAC ewes# 
I LOW SODIUM I lf CORN 
FLAKES 

 start today to seed those un*a«tod pounds and mches it you' cond lion i% gttnduM' O' organ/ se# ,ou» dodo* 
M oor #ns may n#ip 

 you stay on rn* (Set you' dodo' >ec omm#na$ Ass tvn apout 'I 

Cm# Mod#! ens * a ,e' has toe *tong*> 
? MONTH 
. 

*ymg capacity o f * 
I 
" m 
SUPPLY 
o « H V hosed pota'oes o* a f m m M 
',u tT 
U M I' eggs o» 5 sices of »*"!* rn dead v#t a conta-ns y No 787 onty 6 caw -es 

IV , lb. 
YOUSAVf 2oc It anil ca. lino SUO JI ;*»5g 

PROTEIN VALUE! 

L I Q U I D P R O T E I N n PREDIGESTED 
SOLUBLE 
15 Grams ot Predigested 
Protein per ounce 
PLEASANT TASTING liar 
32 oz 

$ g 5 o $ i y o 

 im 

C o m p l e t e 

 w i n l i e r s , 
/ t i 

 l i s t o f 

C a g e 

Vi GAL. 

$23.oo 
B E 
*•< mn i sac cairo* 

I GAL. 

$4o.oo bnaaswv 

$5. 

TOU san i2ci 
III. UTT! i DELICIOUS NATURAL f AA 
Licorice 4oo 
Bits •ViOZ 
TOU SAVI tic I 
UNT N I, UMH JI, 1171 

FOR FAST WEIGHT LOSS! 
“GRAPEFRUIT” 
DIET PLAN 
Eat No Grapefruit... and Enjoy 3 Tasty 
Moat! Dally. 

Ow GrapatojA d*t pa cowms 'wMai gr#pM*u<t asMNc# lorMwdaMh ’OOSot 
AOA o« V« 

14 Varieties 1oZ 
YOU SAVE 13c 
N I, u rn s aatN ii, 1177 
.Ii 
•A, MMI w cwroi 

 iCirtdE PUA on# o< to* 
IO tnongbt* M atos I M M pRoui a I U Mmm tn n n h r l doctof s p**#cnp#on tocmdM' XYpm I 
* 
* 
* 
" 
“ ” 
/ to#hga <o* a nubtowwNy sound and twine#o 3 town a lay dwt Oar 

 neadVtoern HS YOU SAVE IOC 
J NL EMS IMN 31,1177 J 
| l C AA,l iM CAMI* 

ISO 
(3o day supply) 
S5.oB 
Famous Diet Formula tbeAlliiHkn 
Kelp, Lecithin, Cider 
Yineg&r, Vitamin B*6 
& Tablet 
I A lltC I. 

Amarice ’s Mott Wanted Formulation! 

1oo-SI. 49 

5oo-S6.y 

O RO W H f. A r 
BRAN'ROIA 

B R E A D B TOU SANK 
I UNT m , EMS MBN ll. 1977 I 
WpBEiy >»• maa, i -M im*™ -f 
[Tong grain 
BROWN 
RICE no, 

High School, who won second grand prize, will now represent the Alamo 
(area at the International 
Science Fair in Cleve­ land. Ohio, in May. 

The trip will be pro­ vided by the Express- 
New s, which co-sponsors the fair with Trinity. 

“ I wanted to find out why alfatoxin is not de­ tected since we have de­ tection methods in the 
United States and most peanuts get sent from here abroad,” Tracey said of her project. 
Inconsistent 
In her research, Tra­ cey studied the growth patterns of the fungus that produces alfatoxin and found it to be extre­ mely inconsistent 
“ The most significant observation was that high toxic concentration was present in kernels exhi­ biting no visible tungal invasion,” Tracey said. 
She investigated the 
Kirlian method and the ultraviolet observation procedure to diagnose unblemished kernels as toxic. 
“ The 
UV method proved to be far super­ ior.” Tracey concluded. 
The project is an on­ going one for Tracey. “ I will continue to work on it throughout my college career.” she said 
Texas A&M 
Tracey plans to attend 
Texas A&M in the fall and major in one of the plant sciences with a specialty in plant toxico­ logy. 

I hope to work with an agency such us the Fe­ deral Drug Administra­ tion to establish better sources of nutrition for people in other lands." 
Tracey said. 
David got the idea lur his project. “ The effect of Vitamin A, Ascorbic 
Acid. Prednisolone on the 
Growth of a Transplan­ table Mouse Hepatoma.” two years ago and has been working on it stea­ dily since then 

G R A N D PRIZE winner Tracey W hite of East Central High School displays pictures in front of her project at the 2 I st annual A lam o R e gio n al 
Science Fair staff photos by h m deanjr 

SENIOR David Morrison of Churchill 
High 
School holds one of his aw ards for the project which won second grand prize at the science fair 

Mi (MBK MI CMI### 

 superb I 

°°$Z98 
H 

VON M VI I 
& I INKS MSN It, 
—— —■ " 
• + m a m js s tB i 
PAPAYA 
Concentrate 
32 o2. 
,, * __ 
IOU SAVE ZIC J p arttiT NE. IMI INN II. 1177 I 
GENERAL 
NUTRITION CENTERS 
Qu«nttl*f 5 I m n f P H I MRN* 
Shop lh# (jN(*Sloi# N#«rt5l V oui 
NOW THRU M A R C H 12 

#<Atot##>*t#*4A, «>.»***< ■M*” # ' 

I NP Oft! AAI? NOTICE M 
N 
It* .UM # "YAM* M«Hj**y I •,<*•* *■* 
■*> MS AO «A. "A* 6* #.M*b* 
•«9AI#»,*ca*yA*#*(«to*AIAf lAwtt *» A# t# 
- v*A . #«<•!**••) 

Mail Orders Promptly Filled 
B P I 
Snug or Mad to a GNC Stole tune at lait 
NO!1o‘ o#frt AU o4 

 a ta i L w HvMHf in rW * 
Doily 1o-9 
MOOO PtfiSUIf HS TU MT 

I. W iener N rk 
Doily 1o-9 

Doily 1o-9 

I OU) FASHIONED 
N N J * 
< 
‘PEANUT I 8 9 * 
• P U T T E D 
■ l l I I E n 
TOU SAVI hB 
[ l . WNI UN Ii. I I J I | ll »a< amu m. warn 
Sesame 
Snacks3' 

• Ie . Perk IU 1 I 
Dotty 1o-9 

Endow) t i ____ 
PftOOUCTNAMt 
Pi*** step to icifltftffQ 
Hon 
SLW | PftC# I TOTAL 

I 
I 
I- 
I 
• S I* I. Neon** 
--- ---------------------------- --- ---- *..-— 
I 
I 
I- 
Mon h i 9-6 3o 
I 
1 1 1 
Sol 9 3o-6 
Son 1-5 
Vole 

MAMI 
» ordo yrxw $5 OO add 5o« Nrdng mr ai I 

• D K M IT H 
APONIA 
____________________ Mf MO _______ ___ 
Mu.kL.Mil I a.1i U_|| ntgniono rom nmn 
OTY _________ f— r T T’T 'l 
________ ITA TI___ ___m 

“ I have been doing li­ brary research for two years — I’m still doing it 
— and have done actual work for the past eight months,” David said 
“ And the project will be continued and ex­ po ndi*d," he said. Before he competes in the Inter­ national Science Fair, 
David will add control groups, re-do the back­ drop and rewrite his paper. 

He will sandwich this task between his three jobs 
Volunteer 
David is a volunteer at the 
Bexar 
County 
Hospital emergency room, a volunteer lab as­ sistant under Dr. Wuid 
Rogers at the University of Texas Health Science 
Center and an employe at the Veterans Adminis­ tration Hospital. 

For his project, the 
Churchill senior used three drugs in combination to treat cancer of the liver in mice. 

“ These three drugs. used in the right com­ bination. now exhibit lit- | tie or no toxicity to nor­ ma! tissue.” David said 

“ But, they do suppress the growth of liver cancer in mice to a sig­ nificant degree.” 
David believes his re­ search is very important because most liver cancer patients die with­ in live years, “ regard­ less of treatment, whether it be surgery, radiotherapy or che­ motherapy.” 
Incurable 

“ It is an incurable dis­ case 
David said. “ Any chemotherapy that docs suppress growth of liver cancer is significant.” 

David plans to attend cither Trinity University I or the University of Mi­ chigan at Ann Arbor in | the fall. He is planning a double major in biolog.v 

 and sociology. 
“ I hope to go into me­ dical school.” he said. 
“ Either way. I'll obtain a 
Ph.D. in one of the health sciences, immunology or 

 anatomy.” 
More than 5oo junior and senior high school students from 2o counties exhibited the results of their research at the fair. 

The entries were di­ vided into ll categories, ranging from botany to physics, w ith three prizes awarded in each cate­ gory. ____________ . 

\ nW /^ 

14K Geld Mounting Snle 
LLOYD HAS JUST MADE A FANTASTIC BUY ON 
14K GOLD AND HAS MANUFACTURED A TRE­ 
MENDOUS SELECTION OF MOUNTINGS AT UN­ 
BELIEVABLE LOW PRICES! 

Large Selection of Loose Diamonds 

NORTHSIDE 
311 
Nacogdoches Rd. 
6 5 6 - 1 5 4 3 

CHARGE ACCOUNTS INVITED 

NORTHSIDE 
SOUTHSIDE 
Wonderland 
Sears 
Mall 
Shopping Plaza 
7 3 2 - 6 6 2 1 
9 2 3 - 4 3 o 1 

 formal or casual custom draperies 
2o% OFF 

Give your home Dillard's custom draperies, fitted and made expressly for your windows, and save 2o%l There are special savings on 
Fabricut's decorator fabrics. Select from con­ temporary design open weave fabrics or formal antique satins. Call now for your fit­ ting appointment. Limited time only! 

 in -h o m e decorator service for a free in-home appointm ent call 
Windsor Park 654-3131, ext. 364 
Central Park 341-5151, ext. 363 

Dillards 

SHOP DILLARD S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM IO A M 

Women present legislation requests to Bexar solons 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy March 6 1977 
Page- 9-A 

Bexar County Women’s 
Political 
Caucus m em bers lobbied for support Saturday of cur­ rent legislation favoring women’s rights. 
They presented their request to members of the county’s legislative delegation and their re p resen tativ es at a brunch at the home of 
Mrs. Jane Macon, 23o W. 
Elsmere Ave. 
The legislation being supported by the caucus includes help for d is­ placed hom em akers, 
Creation of the Commis­ sion of the Status of 
Women, welfare reform and changes in insurance regulations, according to 
Wes Hiatt, head of the caucus. 
Only State Reps. Bob 
Vale and Mrs. Lou Nolle 
Sutton were present. 
State Reps. Al Brown, 
Abe 
Ribak and 
Don 

Cartw right sent re p re ­ sentatives. 
Jody R ichardson, a full-time lobbyist in Aus­ tin for the Texas Wo­ men’s Political Caucus, outlined the four major issues in the present le­ gislature. 
The caucus is support­ ing a bill to create for six years a statewide Com­ mission of the Status of 
Women to provide assis­ tance to women, said Ms. 
Richardson. 
Opposition 

The lobbyist noted most of the opposition to the commission bill was anti-bureaucracy in na­ ture ra th e r than anti-women rights. 
The displaced hom e­ maker bill, said Ms. Ri­ chardson, would help any homemaker either male or female over 4o who suddenly found them­ 

 selves alone as a result of divorce or death. 
“ These people are to young for social security and have never worked except as a homemaker. 
The bill would help pro­ vide jobs for them in the work force,” she said. 
The welfare reform le­ gislation is designed to train welfare recipients in so-called non-tradi- tional jobs such as auto repair and painting, she said. 
Coverage cost 

The insurance regula­ tions change, supported by the caucus, would spread the coverage cost of m aternity benefits over the entire insurance system rather than the young woman. 
“This would include both older women and men because after all they must bear some of 

 the burden, too. This is basically economics and not radical politics. If it were spread over every­ one, the cost would be negligible,” she said. 
Mrs. Macon said the 

 caucus was also con­ cerned because the latest four judicial appoint­ ments did not include a woman, and women make up 52 per cent of the registered voters. 
Driving courses set 

R egistration is now under way for two defen­ sive driving courses be­ ginning at 6.3o p.m. 
Thursday and March 14 at Wonderland Shopping 
City’s Town Hall. 
The three-week course meets for three hours nightly each Thursday or 
Monday. Each course is limited to 35 persons. 
Advance registration, forms are available a t ( 
North 
San 
Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce,1 
2446 Cee Gee and at 
Montgomery 
W ard’s customer accomodation center in Wonderland’s 

 lower level. 
A special daytime Na­ tional Safety Council De­ fensive Driving Course. will be held from 9:3o a m. to 12:3o p.m. Mon­ day through Wednesday at the Elks Club, 99o2 
Jones Maltsberger Road. 
Another course will be held at 7815 Orland Park 
Dr., across from the Ro­ bert E. Lee High School gym, from 6:3o p.m. to 
9:3o p.m. 
Monday through Wednesday. 
For further inform a­ tion and pre-registration call Van T. Smith at 
344-3954. 

Dillards 

SHOP 1o A.M. TIL 9 P.M. 
SALE 
Stay Tease wigs by Europa 
J1.99 to 14.99 

Reg. $ 1 5 -2 o . Stay tease wigs, short with relaxed curls or medium with fluff back, are made of Kanekalon fibers in assorted natural-looking colors. 

Millinery 

\ 

This week save 2o% to 5o% on every towel in Dillard’s stock! 
Every style from every famous maker reduced one week only! 

I rn m^Sl I 
SBI© I 
C 
I? I l l s a l e I 

Bath towels, reg. $4*6 
• < 
1 m rwwJ tx,. 
« 
-Wk. 
Bath towels, reg. $5 7 

 famous name towels at terrific savings! 
This is your chance to save on Cannon and Fieldcrest towels! Select solid color loop terry, woven jacquards, embroidered band solids and others! 
Hand towels, reg. 2.5o to $4........... 1.99 
Washcloths, reg. 1.3o to 1.5o.........99$ 

 stock-up now on top maker towels! 
Beautiful woven jacquard, solid color loop terry towels plus many more styles in assorted colors from Cannon and Fieldcrest at very special savings! 
Hand towels, reg. $ 4 .......................2.99 
Washcloths, reg. 1.5o to $ 2 ...........1.19 

Also, these famous maker styles 2o% off! One week only! 

Cannon “Shanghai 
Stripe” 

Bath towel, reg. $ 9 .........................7.2o 

Hand towel, reg. $5.............................$4 

Washcloth, reg. 1.8o.......................1.44 

Spring “Classic Squares” 

Bath towel, reg. $ 7 ............. 
5.6o 

Hand towel, reg. $5.............................$4 

Washcloth, reg. 1.6o.......................1.28 

Fieldcrest “Plum 
Blossom” 

Bath towel, reg. $5 .....................$4 

Hand towel, reg. 3.5o.....................2.8o 

Washcloth, reg. 1.6o.......................1.28 

Fieldcrest “ Lustre” 

Bath towel, reg. $ 7 .........................5.6o 

Hand towel, reg. 4.5o.....................3.6o 

Washcloth, reg. 1.7o.......................1.36 

Fingertip towel, reg. 1 .8 5............. 1.48 

Tub mat, reg. $ 9 .............................7.2o 

Bath sheet, reg. 13.5o................. 1o.8o 

Cannon “Persian Fantasy” 

Bath towel, reg. $ 7 .........................3.99 

Hand towel, reg. $4........................ 2.99 

Washcloth, reg. 1.6o.......................1.19 

Cannon‘‘Crystal Palace” 

Bath towel, reg. $ 5 .........................3.99 

Hand towel, reg. $4.........................2.99 

Washcloth, reg. $2 ................1 .1 9 

Fieldcrest ‘‘Halston H” 

Bath towel, reg. $15..................... $12 

Hand towel, reg. $8........................ 6.4o 

Washcloth, reg. 2 .5 o ..................... $2 

Fieldcrest “Royal 
Sculpture” 

Bath towel, reg. $ 1 1 ...................... 8.8o 

Hand towel, reg. $7.........................5.6o 

Washcloth, reg. 2.3o.......................1.84 

This Is only a partial listing of our se­ lection . . . every style is on sale with at least a 2o% savings! Come into 
Dillard’s and stock-up now! 

SHOP DILLARD’S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM 1o A M. ’TIL 9 P.M.; CENTRAL PARK, WINDSOR PARK, MILITARY PLAZA 

9 ii* f T 
“Hat. I.* # 

*?• *• .M 
*r* ■ 
' . I 
. , 
BW I 
1U 
U M I f ^ s 
Rubenstein and others. 

 l 
, 
. w - i # - i 
.__ 

 g&|>$ /J, 
J7> few J 

' 
/ : 
- 
Monday-Saturday 
Plant Clinics by Palmer Landscap­ ing will be held from 1o a.m. to 9 p.m. 
Tuesday 
This is “M akeup Night” with dem- 
M 
"*■ onstrations by Merle Norman and 
* 
^C h a rle s of the Ritz*'Also cosmetic 
* t r ^ r * 
I 
D « „ r , « w . . . i l l specialists from J. 
Penney will ik - .- . 
/ “" ■ 
^present cosm etics by 
Helena ., m 
^ 
Rubenstein and others, 

■ 
Wednesday 
* zfjf 
Hair Shaping will be featured by salon stylists from J. C. Penney and 
I 
* 
Montgomery Ward. 

4| 
Thursday 
I v 
Exercise and Physicaffitness will get 
V a work out by Our Fair Lady Figure 
H * » f f 
Salon and the Joe Carmack-Jim t V 
. 
Wright A m itie Club. 
V 
Friday 
Tonight’s activities are forfeit good 
■ sports. You can se$, Golf Clinics by 
. w .&. »;;£■ f . v ^ J m ^ rn A' 
Golf Pro* . . . Jogging Clinics by uoir n-o* . . . 
Joggetg M im s* »y the Joe obrmack-JirTvWrlgr#Athletic 
Club ... Tennis Clinic* by the lake Country Club. 
Saturday 
>jbu can see Mannequin Modeling from noon to 8 p.m. throy^hout the mall and at 12 noon 2:Qo, 4:oo and 

 i’l ■ 

 t*» .•*» Lf *>?t » ” 

4*6:oo p.m. The Mechanical Man will 
*be on hand to entertain you. 

All of these activities are a part of 
Spring'Shape-up Week at Windsor 
Park Mall . . . March 7th through 
March_42ttl|.Plus,, you cerote#the grand opening preview of the Dis- 
N^cover Texas Disftgqy from the Dis­ cover Texas Association, March 
8th through March 12th at Windsor 
Park Mall. 

Now it’s a part of your lifer 

WINDSOR PARK 

LH. 35 N. AT WALZEM ROAD 
MONDAY-SATURDAY • 1o A M.-9 PM. 
©1977 M S. Management Associates. Inc. 

Windsor Park Spring Shape-Up Week 
March 7-12 
River Court Stage 

Spring Shape-up Week is March 7th through March 12th at Windsor Park 
... six days of activities to get you ready for Spring and the warmer days ahead. Unless otherwise stated, the following activities will be offered each evening at 7:oo, 7:3o, 
8:oo and 8:3o p.m. 

Korea indicts 
M o o n ’s church 
SHlOUL. South Korea 
(AF*) — The government prosecutor's office in- i dieted the Unification church of Evangelist Sun 
Myung 
Moon, the church’s pharmaceutical subsidiary and six of its officers on tax evasion charges Saturday. 
The indictments charge that the ll Hwa 
Pharmaceutical 
Co. evaded $6 million in taxes owed in connection with the production and export of ginseng tea. 
The six ll Hwa officials were arrested last month, at which time the prosecutor’s office, a unit of South Korea's central government, said it could find no evidence linking 
Moon personally to the alleged evasion. 
Life, fines 
Conviction on such sizable tax charges in 
South Korea can bring a sentence of imprison­ ment for life and fines of two to five times the amount of the evasion. 
Those indicted include 
Hong Sun-pyo, the man­ aging director, chief ac­ countant Lee Sookyung and production director 
Oh Yun-sung. 
Moon, a South Korean industrialist and founder of the Unification church, lives in New York. His church claims 3o,ooo members in the United 
States and three million worldwide. 
Japan official stabbed 

IO S ANGELES t im e s SEUVICE 
TOKYO — Tomisaburo 
Hashimoto. 76, an elder statesman in Japan's ruling party who is being tried on charges of ac­ cepting a Lockheed Air­ craft Corp. bribe, Satur­ day was stabbed and slightly injured by a 
25-year-old farmer w ith a history of mental illness. 
Although he was taken to a hospital for treat­ ment, 
Hashimoto’s wound was described as minor. 
“ I’ve thought for some time that Hashimoto was a dirty swine because of the Lockheed case,” po­ lice quoted assailant. 
Keizo Tobita. as saying. ! 
R ecord 
Tobita. who had a re­ cord of mental illness but was not listed on any po­ lice record of politically dangerous groups, stabbed Hsashimoto as he was emerging from a 
Buddist temple in lbara- ki Prefecture, his elec­ tion constituency, north of Tokyo. 
Other worshippers grabbed Tobita. Police] charged him with at-1 templed murder. 
Hashimoto, who had turned down police offers of bodyguards after he was arrested and charged with bribery in the Lockheed case last 
August, had just finished making a birthday offer­ ing of incense to his an­ cestors when he was stabbed. 
Birthday 
Saturday was the 76th birthday of the powerful political leader of the Li­ beral Democratic party, who in the past had served as transportation minister and as secretary general of the party 
Hashimoto is a close friend and adviser of former Premier Kakuei 
Tanaka, 58, who also is lacing trial on Lockheed bribery charges. 
Hashimoto, who won re-election lo parliament last 
December, has pleaded innocent to the charges ol bribery. 
The temple at which he was worshipping was one• which Hashimoto himself < has founded in June 1973. j 
He set it up with funds raised from his own bu-* sines* firms and contri­ butions he obtained from other businessmen. 
Among tin* directors ol the temple s managerial] committee are two offi­ cials of All Nippon Air ways, which bought 
Lockheed s 
LIO U 
Tri­ stats, and the former) president of Marubeni, the trading company I which acted as Lock­ heed's official agent in 
Japan. All three of these men also have been brought lo trial on Lock­ heed-related indict­ ments 
The assailant worked tin his father s farm in 
Ibaraki Prefecture, po­ lice said. 

I OLO l * * y w C O U P O 
N 
C O 
U 
P O 
N f OLO { E P * * C O U P O N f O L O f 
C O U L O N f OLO f EMVE 
C O 
U 
P O 
N 
^ i O L O f C f V C C O U P O N 

Coats and Clarks j METAL & POLYESTER ZIPPERS 

*re-Merfced 
Our Price 

4 5 4 
................................ . . . 2 3 4 
’St 
IU 
Limit 6 
OOOO MONDAY. MARCH 7 
(N J 

O ur Usual 594 
LADIES* A TEENS’ PANTIES 
Irrtfvlors. 
Nylon. 
Whit* aid colors. rn veto 4 
Briefs and bikinis. 
# | 
J % 
Silts 5 to IO. limit 

PreHcketed 2 pr. $ 1 .4 9 
DAN RIVER COMFORT TOP 
KNEE HIGH HOSE 

LADIES* SPRING COTTON 
KNIT T-TOPS 

Our Usual 
BOYS’ BRIEFS 

A Q 
4 J W 
S 
O 

V, MARCH 7 
(N J 

P 

•than, limit 4 pr. 
R . 

OOOO MONDAY, MARCH 7 
(N J 
I 

Irregulars of values to $7. Silts S.M.L limit I. 
TICK HID $3... 
OOOO MONDAY, MARCH 7 

$ 1 4 # 

(N J 
| 

Irregulars. Whit*. 
XS.S.M.LXL limit 
3. 

OOOO MONDAY. MARCH 741 

Our Usual $1.19 
$1.85 REVLON HL A DRY 
ROIL ON DLODORANT 

4 I 
Wetness Control 
C E 
4 
Super Gentle limit 2 

(N J 
I 
OOOO MONDAY, MARCH 7 
(N J 
89 

) o i f f ( f « g V C O U P O N 
} O L O f CO VE C O U P O N 
} O L O { E M E C O U P O N 
J OLO 
C O U P O N j OLO 
C O U P O N 
J OLO f ER VE C O U P O M 

Our Usual 354 yd. 
LACES AND RUFEIINGS 

Our Usual 294 
INFANTS* I 
TODDLERS* SOCKS 

Our Usual $2.59 
LADIES’ WEDGE BOTTOM 
TENNIS OXFORDS 
LADIES* AND GIRLS* 
FASHION KNIT TOPS 

Our Usual 79* 
MEN’S SOCKS 
Irregulars and 

NEW 16oz. SUAVE 
SHAMPOO OR CONDITIONER 

45” Check 
Ginghams 
88< 

 full Bolts 
Polyester/Cotton 

OUK RIG. $1.29 YO.... 

6o” Fancy 
Double Knits 

• i 

45” Qiana 
Scarf P rin ts^ 

$1 

3-pc Pant Suits & Skirt Sets 

> 1 2 ” 

Irregulars made to sell to $35. Sizes 5 
I 6, and some 14y2-24V2. 
TICKETED $ 1 5 ......... 

2-pc. Gaucho & Vest Sets 

‘ I W 
K 
2 " 

 lr r»* puton rrypd* 
>o i d » 
$35. Setai 5-13 and 6-16, 
TICKETED $13 ANO $15.. 

Full Bolts 
OUR REG. $2 YO 

 v - 'r v - t s s - t r K io a s 'im n M N , - f 
--mf- 
Velours 

QUR ENTIRE STOCK Of 
REG. $4.95 TO $9.95 
.Gil Bolts 
Wmm 
45” Lace-Look 

Drapery Sheer 
69 

Jumpsuits & Pant Suits $ <11% 7 5 

Irregulars made to sell to $3o. Sizes 5-1 3 
P 
| I 

 and 6-18. 
TICKETED $13............... 
® ^ 

Sun Dresses, Casual Dresses, Long 
Dresses, and Skirt Sets t n 
■ 
I 
E 
I iP » * > n 
{'regular* and mad* ta sell to $4o. 
S im S I S , 6 * 1 8 , ck id tome 1 4 y # * 2 4 V i . 

NEW PRE-W ASHED DEN IM 

Full Bolts 
OUR REG. 994 YO. 
4 

 yd- 

54” Fancy Jacquard 

Upholstery 
^ p * Sun Dresses 

$t 25 diBBB 

TK*ITfD $13 TO$2o.... 

Full Bolts 
Values to $7.5o yd. 
OUR REG. $3 YD. .. 

Irregulars nationally advertised at 
$15 to $26. Sizes 5-15 and 6-16. 

$ 13 

Men’s Fashion Sport Shirts 

 fiqi quality. Long or short sleeves In toads, fancy trims, cmd neat to boid‘got term. Ak pefyetto) pongee, acetone/nylon, or polyester / cotton. Size* 
S.M UXI. Ptetafcoted to $24* 

Jeans, Gauchos, Vests, 
Pants and Skirts 

Irregulars nationally advertised at C 
$15 to $26. Sizes 5-15 and 6-16. ▼ 
TICKETED $7 TO $12.......... 
2 off 

REG. $1.98 

 l l 

RIG. $9.98 
99 
$o11 
$ g 9 9 
$^ 3 

REG. $1o.98 
7 

Blazers & Shirt Jackets 

$2 off 

Mo n y color coordinated to pant# and ikirt* 
Irregular# mode to veil for $ 2 5 to 
$ 3 8 Size# 5-15 and 6-18. 

TICKETED $8 TO S i 3 . 

FAMOUS M AKERS 
Better Shirts and Tops 

Irregulars nationally advertised at $ 13 to 
$22. Sizes S.M .L, 6-18, and some 38-44. 

TICKETED $6-$7-$8 
$45o.$555-$663 

GIRLS’ SPRING & EASTER 
Dresses & Jumpsuits 

Men’s No-Iron 

Short Sleeve Sport Shirts 

First quality. Our usual $5-98 
‘O pa# long point collar *tyle*. Top canter ond toil#. Stripe* ond plotd* rn light to dork color tone* Matching front che»t pocket* 
Polye*ter/cotton no-won. 
Size* S M I.X I 
$273 

MEN’S 
Dress or Casual Pants 

Irregulars and first quality. All polyester continental or 
Deb loop styles in light Spring to medium dark solids and fancies. Preticketed to $21. Sizes 28-42. 

REG. $7.98 
18 

REG. $8.98 
$oo7 
$ 7 1 8 
$ o o 7 
$ 
3 

REG. $9.88 
89 

FAMOUS CALIFORNIA 
MAKERS INCLUDED 
Men s Short Sleeve 
Pullover Knit Shirts 

First quality. 1oo% soft cotton, polyester or polyester/cotton. 
Solids, multi-stripe fancy trims, fancy prints, and rugby styles. S.M I.X I. 

W A H TS ANO TOOMER! 
Spring Diaper 
Sets A Pant Sets 

Irregular* made lo sell to $2o. Sizes 4- 
14. 
TICKETED $7 TO $o .. 

LADIES’ SPRIN G 

 aff 

Lounge Gowns ^ 

Irregular* of volue* *o $1 5 lo n g length*. Pa*tel print* and 
*o)id» Sleep ond lounge *tyl«*. Size* S.M.L. 

TICKETED 
$4.98 TO $7.98 

S I off 

 irregulars of vahm to 
$7.98. 
Polyester/cortan. G*rb two pwne pant lets. 
Suring colors. 
Many styles Sizes 9 ho 24 cmd 2 to 4. 

TICKETED 
$294 

TICKETED 
SS AND $6 

Men s & Boys’ Swimsuits 

Irregular of value* to $9 latex Wretch, boxer, biking, or volleyball ttyle*. Spring color* rn *olid*, fancy trim*, or print*. Size* S.M I XL. 

Infants' A Toddlers’ Pant Sets 
Irregular* of value* to $2 9 8 Polye»t#r / cot­ ton and nylon 
Solid* and print*. Full on 
*tyle» for boy* and girl*. S u e * 6 to 24 and 2 

 foA 
A 
« n 
$ 1 3 4 

LADIES’ TERRY 
Caftans and Robes 

Irregular* of value* lo SJO. CoHon larry ond ocatole/nykm (hight »tr ,*** arid «€>'td* long ond Prod Length* Mony tty***. S M I. 

REG. 
$2.99 $2 
67 REG. 
$3.99 
$o51 
3 

87* ; $1 

Infants’ Terry Creepers 

H i 
' 1 
4 9 

TK»TtD$1o|TtCXn(D$l2 

* 8 h o 
5* 

TICKETED $15 
‘13” 

'-'•g-Aar* o* value* to 
$3 98 Ceilan terry One piece itrvrtrh Snap crotch 
Site* A Ie 12 mncvth*. 

Spring Dusters ticketed s s ............ 

Irregular* of volue* lo $ 1 2 Po»ye*ler/cotton. PoUei print* ond 
*olid*. Sleevelet*. Short length* Gripper front* Size* S M .l. *3 
99 

LADIES AN D TEENS EASTER SHOE SALE! 

M T T fR IM P O R T S A N O 
Famous Brand Shoes 
•AKkHNW IHM,© AMAIIW AH NAB AHR Rtfl RRR 
o62-sl 246 

Sandals and Wedges 

 itll MSI MMM* V VAMHf TO IM 
• o ff 

Fanfare All Nude 
Panty Hose 
39’ 

Fir** quality of value* to 
$1, Beigetone* or * un tan 
Size* P A T Multtfilomeni, 

IMOIii MtMKMMf SIOK MUNO 
Support Panty Hose 
85 

Seem dc et *a k ie* to $ $,9 3 l etgetew-». tun#*, et white 
PATK?. 15% *puttee*'*5 ti /fan 

Mony ar* 
Spurn, pr k m i Comet and athort. Skeet 5 to IO 

 ba*y. bane, naira 
$ 71 o o 

Girls’ & Boys’ Easter Shoes 
$252-$342-$421-$515 

Girdle Top Panty Hose 
68' 

Irregular tot value* to $2. I 
Hinton Size* P A T Mea* tex et panty 

 igetone* or lycra »pun 

Irregular* of value* to $ 1 4 . 9 $ Negative heel* and wedge* rn potent*, tuode*. ond uwooth* 
White, camel, and other* 
Su e t 49# to 8 ond 
BM, to 4 
TICMTID $2.98 TO $1.98 
Toddlers' Shoes lr refuters ta $5 
1 .9 6 

OUR m i S T P i A m k n it 
Panty Moi# 
6 9 

Inatfutort of value* to $2 pecan, alt Mate, or * 
Finemetr thee* lag. 

 famous Name Fragrance & Skin Care Sale 

- 
Orlane 

Eau dt $ R | 4 g 
Toilette 

2oz. Atomizer 

Revlons 44Kad 
| 
-m - a*. — —t ’nil* 
A La Ross©’1 p f t I 

< g > 

> V '* f v 
V " v i 
3oz. Esoterica Beauty Soap 49* 

Depilan Hair Remover ^ ^ c q < 

 for fact, legs. body 
J T 

Sotura-Once a Year Special 

4o I , Vitamin A I Hormone Cr tom 
$ o 9 8 

4oi. Vitomin A o *o m 
$8 V o lu t w 

 im 
M M M M M aaaH Bi 
......iii 1 1mm 

$ 8 J u n g le 

Gordtmo 5 
4 9 
Spray 
V 

Cologne 2 O I. 

I « M R 8 k b ^ 
■ 

STORE HOURS 
STORE HOURS 

BK5 
DUAL to PIONEER' TEAC 
BCI 

A E q 
* 
MODEL 
SX535 
GD PIOM EER 

O N C 4 

MODEL 
BSD 3oo 
BIGSTON 

MODEL 
4ooo 

• 3 WAY 
• TWO IO” WOOFERS 
• DOME TWEETER 
• BOOKSHELF 

WE DISCOUNT 
PRICE 
NOT QUALITY 

IIs' ' 
I '' ' 
, v i **■ ;■ 
'o '' ■' 

3925 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
PHONE 733-o221 
IN FREDERICKSBURG SQUARE 

• AM-FM STEREO 
• WOOD CABINET! 
• HI-FILTER 
• TAPE MONITOR 

STEREO SYSTEM 
SANSUI RECEIVER 
MODEL 331 
• AM FM STEREO 
• TAPE MONITOR 

 o im*> 

• FRONT LOAD 
• DOLBY 
• AUTO REWIND 
• BIAS SELECTOR 
SWITCH 

M P I O N C E H STEREO SYSTEM 

 t o 

ECI SPEAKERS 
SUPER 8 
• TWO WAY • 8” WOOFER 
• 3” TWEETER • WALNUT CAB. 
BSR TURNTABLE 
MODEL 226oBX 
• AUTO CHANGER 
• CUE LEVER 
• COMPLETE 

SPEAKER BUY OF 
THE YEAR 
FIDELITY I 

• TW O W A Y 
• 8 " WOOFER 
• RED GRILLE 

SPECIAL PURCHASE$9 

 v:i:. 
. * « ti***. 

PIONEER RECEIVER 
MODEL SX5So 
• AM EM STEREO 
• HI FILTER 

S a n s u i 
STEREO SYSTEM 

ECI SPEAKERS 
MODEL 1253W 
• 3 way AIR SUSPENSION 
• 12” woofer • WALNUT CAB. 

BIC TURNTABLE 
MODEL 92oF 
• BELT DRIVE 
• PROGRAMMABLE 
. 
• WOOD BASE 
M " $499 

BACK IN STOCK 
DISCW ASHER 
TNI SUPERIOR 
RECORD OE AHIR 

WITH NEW IMPROVED 
D HI CLEANING FLUID 

CAR STEREO 

PIONEER-MEDALLION JIL 

JJA FM-8 TRACK 
MODEL SI? 
• UNDfRDASH-FM STEREO 

JIL 8 TRACK 
AM-FM STEREO 8 TRACK 
MODEL 841 
• INDASH-REPEAT SWITCH 

A M FM STEREO CASSETTE 

MODEL 498 
• IND ASH 
• FAST FORWARD, REWIND 
• AUTO EJECT 

1P t O N E E J ? CASSETTE 

MODEL KP25o 
FM STEREO CASSETTE 
UNDIRDASH 
AUTO EJECT 

PIONEER 
DOOR MOUN! n its 

9 3 

C A R SPEAKER S 

JENSEN 
DOORMOUNT mom tis? 

• CO-AXIAl 

• M O I. MST 
*42” 

2 rn 
.tiL/ 

MODEL 6o6o 
• AM FM STEREO 
• HI LOW FILTERS 
ECI SPEAKERS 
• TAPI MONITOR 
MODEL 1255W 
• 4 way • 12” woofer 
• 2-6” MIDRANGE • 2 TWEETERS 
• WALNUT CABINET BIC TURNTABLE 

• MODEL 94oB 
• BELT DRIVE 
• PROGRAMMABLE 
• WOOD BASE 
• COMPLETE SHURE CART 

NEW ARRIVAL 
M P I O N C E J ? IN DASH 

SUPERTUNER 

• AM-FM STEREO CASSETTE 
• IN DASH - PUSH BUTTON 
• AUTO REWIND 
FLEA MARKET PRICED 

MODEL 
KP 8oo5 

Sunday 
Elimination 
Price 

J.B .X . SPEAKERS 
MODEL 1o2S 
• TWO WAY 
^ 
• IO" WOOFER 
$ 

PIONEER SPEAKERS 

NPM 4o 

• 3 way 

• I " woofer 
• NPN TWEETER 

> 9 9 95 

B S R 

AUTOMATIC 
CHANGER 

T E A C OPEN REEL 
MODEL A23ooS 
• 3 HEADS • 3 MOTORS 
• SOLONOID CONTROL 

O D P iO M e c n r 

TURNTABLE 

TUON! ABLA 
ONLY 

MODEL Pl 112 

• MANUAL 
• BELT DRIVE 

ODRIONeEI? CB. 

• AM-FM STERIO RADIO 
• PUSH BUTTON TUNING 
• 4o CHANNEL CB. 
• STANDBY 
FUA MARKET PRICED 

MODEL 
GT 66oo 

BLANKTAPE 
SCOTCHCASSETTE j a m 'll CLASSIC 
C-9o MIN. 
CLASSIC^ $2 49 

SCOTCH REEL 
2o7 

I SOO* REEL 
99 

SCOTCH 8 TRACK 
9o MIN. BUNK 
LOW NOHL 
$ | 99 

SUPERSCOPE 

FM CONVERTER ms ANY 
$1 o95 
CAR RADIO 
I 7 

DUAL TURNTABLE 

MODEL 1249 
• AUTO CHANGER 
• BEL? DRIVE 
• SHUR! VIS III 
*249 

PtSLTONC 
REPLACEMENT 
STYLUS 
FOR SHUR TIED 

SENNHEISER HEADPHONES 

MODEL 4oo 
• OPEN AIR 
• LIGHTWEIGHT 29 
95 

K K ia s s HEADPHONES 

PRO AAA 
• TOP OF THI LMI 
• PtOQUAUTY *47 
5o 
CU/TOm hi-fi 
DI/COUflT center 
OPEN SUNDAY 1o-6 

115 years o f farms depicted 

By 
[b i l l CUNNINGHAM 
EXPRESS-NEWS AGRICULTURE EDITOR 
People who have no knowledge of the life of the American farmer during the last 115 years can visualize that life by viewing “ The American 
Farm.” 
This is a priceless col­ lection of photographs on exhibit at the San Anton io Museum of Transpor­ tation in HernisFair Pla­ za. 
Tho display opened Sa­ turday to coincide with j the opening of the 75th 
[annual convention of the 
[National Farmers Union. 
Final 173 
Photographs in the lcollection are the final 
173 selected from 4.ooo 
[chosen by Maisie and Ri­ chard Conrat from more 
(.than 5oo.ooo glass plates, negatives and prints they viewed during years of 

I research. 
The photographs also jhave been reproduced in 

I a book by the Con rats and published by the Califor­ nia Historical Society and 
[ Houghton Mifflin Co. of 
.Boston. It can be pur­ chased at tho museum here. 
J. S. Holliday, director 
[of the California Histori­ c a l Society, said, “ We have tried to reflect the 
I changes in American agriculture from the time when farming was a 
I way of life to the time when it is a business with few people living on fa jmily farms." 
Holliday said tho Con- rats discovered beautiful work by previously unk 
Mown photographers dur­ ing their research work. 

Among these were Em ­ ma Coleman of New 
England and Margaret 
Morley, of 
North 
Carolina. 
8 divisions 
The photographs are shown in eight divisions 
— the yeoman, the plan­ tation, farmers, frontier, triumph of the cash sys­ tem, a hare hard living, roots in the earth, so­ meone else’s land and survival of the fit. 
Joy and triumph over the elements is reflected in the picture of the har­ vesting of 2oo acres of corn in Kansas about 
I SOO. And despair is shown in the faces of farmers uprooted from their lands in the 193os as shown in the photographs of Dorothea Lange, 
Land rush 
There are photos showing farm life as ear­ ly as 
ISHO. settlers rushing for land in the 
Oklahoma land openings, huge trees towering over farm plots in Washing­ ton, lush fields, barren fields and breath-taking shots of rural commun­ ities. 
The exhibit w ill remain on view until April 17. It came here from the 
Chicago 
Museum of 
Science and Industry. 
Holliday said two sets of the photographs were made so they could be shown in two cities at the same time. The other display now is in the 
Oakland, Calif., Mu­ seum. 
There also are 53 panel texts in the exhibit emot­ ing farmers, migrant workers and national leaders. 

R EST A U R A T EU R Bill Williams and wife get a close look at Payday, the crossbred grand champion steer at this year’s Hous­ ton Livestock 
Show . 
W illiam s paid 
$42,ooo for the Limousin-Angus steer at 
Saturday’s auction. At right is Ram Esse, 
I 4, Three Rivers, who showed the steer. 
— AP Wirephoto. 

 aoiaoauiBHiioaioaaiiaaiBoiaoaMunBBaiii^^ 
Marshall to speak here 

U.S. Secretary of Labor F. Ray Marshall will 

 address the 75th annual convention of the Na­ tional Farm Workers Union Sunday at the Con­ tention Center. 
Leading off the aller noon speaking program 

 at 1:4o p.m. will be U.S. Hep. Les Aspin of 
Wisconsin. 

The five-day convention got under way Satur­ day. Headquarters Hotel for the contention is 

 v the Hilton Palacio Del Rio Hotel 
SAC students will get scholarships 

Two San Antonio College students have been selected recipients of the Daughters of the American 
Colonists Students Assistance Awards. 
Hose M. Garcia, 1945 W. Mistletoe Ave., and 
Thomas N. McLellan of New Braunfels will receive the awards at a candlelight dinner Thursday night at llu* Menger Hotel. 
The two students were selected by Dr. Johnny 
Md am, chairman of the History Department at 
SAC. 
“ We asked all the history instructors to submit nominations indicating students who had an abiding interest in history, were excellent students and deserving in other ways," McCain said 
The nominations were reviewed and Hose and 
Thomas were selected from this list,” McCain said 
Hose was nominated by Allan Chessner and 
Thomas was nominated by Dr. Baldemar Rodriguez 
“ I had Hose tit the first half of the history course last fall and I saw that she was very interested in history," Chessner said “ I was very impressed wi th her " 
Md ain said both students qualified on the basis of competence and need 
, * The Daughters *»f the American Colonist* are holding their 47th annual state as4sembly ut Hun 
Antonio Wednesday through Friday. 
Traditionally, tile ehatrman of the DAC Patriotic 
Education Committee contacts a chooi rn the host town and asks the school to select the two recipients. 
Lim* male and one female, «»{ the scholarship lo la* 
I Us4*tl to further the winners education. 

/ality and brog. long or start atyta in o vurV 

£ 
^ t i,- * ! t -.I— 
A i l 
-4 r> n i l i cs Ms r t i - f iir t if r pelf IA I 
COW » n»g!| t fK M M w : TOAfltOfl pelflf*# on *i>M but not in m k H styli. ara Tick at ad $6.99 to $16.99 
■ w 
. 
Tv. 

LAPSES' DRESSES 
S 
PANTSUITS 
2 
& GAUCHO 
J 
PANT SETS 
IST QUALITY 

Cotton polyester blend. 
Popular narrow wale. 
Flare le g w ith w id e b e lt lo o p s, F a sh io n 
Ijean colors. Stu d en t sizes 25 to 38. 

I 
Ticketed $9.88 
) 

BankAmericard 

 latest fashion of fabrics, styles and colors. Entire stock. Sizes 5- 
2o !6tt-24Vi, 

\ 
Ticketed $19.95 to $28.oo. 
U t quality 1oo% nvfeit 
New spring prints h» fash­ ion a b r i Sixes wn-L Tick eted $4.77 

1st Quality Short sleeves. 
Poly/cotton. Solid colen with cMtrattlftf tag stitched Sires t-m-M. F o o t e d $3.9? 
Is l Q u ality 5o% polyester, 
5 o % nylon in solid color or prints matching 1oo% poly- ester shorts. Sizes 4-14. Values to $3.99. 

SOYS' 1o o % WNI YESTER 
M t l l B V t 1 A “f i^yniiea wubM* 
•WWWW"* WI ■%WPWWWWW :,'> 
• J w n w a i M H M V S A 
^P^MwKRlW rn ■SKP 
2 -jM . t H O S f S IV B 

U t Quality 1oo% Pelyottor a knits. Short sleeve screen a| printed knit top cmd match- 
W A mg solid color shorts. Shew 9 to 24 mot, A 2-4. //■; 
. 
/‘‘" M P 

IST QUALITY 
Mochiro washable. 
Start kid! toft and m atching solid soler starts siam 4 to 

Ticketed 
$2.69 

By American* sizes I to IO in black with w hite striping, reinforced eyelets, also 18 deles. Seen elsewhere for up to $1o.99 

Special group of many discontin­ ued styles in 1st auality or Irreg. 
Full or twin sizes (while quantity lasts) 
(D O W N T O W N O N L Y ) 

D O W N T O W N B u ch arest is in a sh am b le s, a s this A P w irephoto show s. This rubble used to be the first floor of a tall building. 
QUAKE 

Continued from Page IA cest known oil reserves on the contin­ ent. after the Soviet Union 
To the south, in neighboring Bul­ garia, early counts had 2o dead. I Ha injured and HO buildings destroyed. 
Most damage was in the Danube Val­ ley towns of Svishtm and Ruse, ac­ cording to tho Yugoslav news agency 
Tanjug. 
Yugoslavia 

In Yugoslavia. Romania’s neighbor to the southwest, one man was killed. 
KIO persons were injured and 2o families were homeless, officials said. 
No Americans were reported among the quake casualties 
In a telegram to Romania's pre­ sident, President Carter said his family and the American shared 
Romania’s “ shock and sorrow'. The 
United States stands ready to extend emergency assistance." 
.Offers of help and condolences came from around the world 
President Nicolae Ceausescu, who broke off a trip in Africa, inspected the ruins of the new computing center of t he* ministry of transport and teleCOmunieations, which collapsed, the Romanian news agency Agerpres said. 
Teams of soldiers and civilian volunteers in Bucharest worked into the night under floodlight to search tor bodies in the heaps of rubble from collapsed apartment buildings, built before World War ll. 
“ That building fell on a bus load of people.” said one middle-aged man. 
“ Everyone on the bus was killed.” 
Authorities said field hospitals had been set up at two stadiums and en­ 

 ough supplies were on hand to treat casualties 
Weather conditions were favorable to the rescue operations, with clear skies and temperatures in the 4os during the day. A full moon helped workers at night. 
Gas mains were shut off to avoid the possibility of fire and explosion. 
Because of the lack of gas for heating, hotel patrons wearing overcoats inside lobbies and restaurants stay warm. 

“ It was unbelievable.” sand a young woman. “ We were out on the street lust night and we had to spend the night in the park.” 
“ I couldn’t get home,” said a dark­ haired man in his late 2os. “ I spent the night in the streets.” 
British salesman John RK said after returning to London Sa^.gay that he had been playing darts at a British 
Erqbassy recreation lounge in Bu ­ charest when beer glasses suddenly begun to shake violently. 
Crashing 

“ When the tremor stopped we could hear the buildings all over Bucharest crushing to the ground The air was full of screams and dogs barking. It then went very quiet and people just seemed to be stunned." Hix said. 
“ I didn t hear how many people had been killed, but I saw a huge block of flats — about six or eight floors high collapse on top of a restaurant. It was horrific.” 
Eduardo Hahn, musical director of 
Venezuela's Maracaibo Symphony Or­ chestra. said, “ ...I walked through the main square of Bucharest and people were dragging bodies to the side of the road.” 

NORTHSIDE • 7325 San Pedro 
OPEN EVENINGS TIL 9 P M 
SOUTHSIDE • 423 S.W. Military 
OPEN MON , THURS. & FRI. NIGHTS TIL 8 P.M.' 
MARKET SQUARE • 4o6 W. Commerce 
OPEN SAT 9 3o A M. TIL 6:oo P M. 

ABDUCTOR 
Continued from Page LA 

 return with his son either Saturday or 
Sunday. 
Smith was abducted from the sport­ ing goods store at gunpoint after he showed Alston a .357 magnum revolver from a display case, officers said. 
Alston then forced Smith into 
Smith’s car and made him drive to 
New Mexico where Smith was released near Capitan Friday morning. 
( olorado Springs police said Alston was shot by a policeman’s sniper rifle after Alston reportedly shot ut an of- fleer's vehicle early Saturday. 
Alston was reportedly shot near a sewage treatment plant after he attempted to flee on foot after aban­ doning a van he had commandeered alter a robbery of a Pueblo, Colo., service station, authorities said 
The fatal shooting ended a robbery spree that began in Montanan, N.M.. and ended after police spotted Alston and a hostage in a vehicle near Color­ ado Springs, authorities said 
Turned loose 
Investigators in Lincoln County. 
N.M.. said Smith was released about ll a m. Friday morning. San Antonio time. on a road off State Hwy. 4K about six miles north of Capitan 
Smith s vehicle was found about five hours later about IOU miles north of the location near Montanan. N M . auth­ orities said 
According to F B I reports. Albion allegedly heldup a service station in 
Montanan and took the station’s at­ tendant, Johnny Hendricks, as a hos­ tage. 
The pair then drove to Pueblo, where 
Alston reportedly robbed another ser­ vice station atter shooting at a vehicle 

 and wounding a woman customer. 
Authorities said the gunman at-* tempted to commandeer the vehicle and allegedly shot at the car when it failed to stop. 
Pueblo police said Carol Thompson.\ 
2o. a woman riding in the car, was wounded when the shooting incident; occurred. 
After the shooting, the gunman re­ portedly attempted to rob the station but was confronted by the attendant’s brother. Russell Ryals, 2o. of Pueblo. 
H.vuls was wounded after a scuffle ensued between the two men. police said. 
Alston then allegedly forced Ryals at gunpoint to go with him in a four-wheel drive vehicle, authorities said 
During the scuffle. Hendricks, the hostake taken in the New Mexico hi-1 jacking, escaped unharmed, according to police reports. 
Released 
The wounded Ryals was released at a truck stop north of Pueblo before the gunman commandeered another vehicle, a van driven by Victor Beaver of Pueblo, police said. 
Beaver was taken hostage by the gunman and was forced to accompany 
Alston to Colorado Springs, according to authorities 
Colorado 
Springs police said 
Beaver's van was spotted near the city where Alston reportedly fired at of­ ficers. 
In Colorado Springs. Alston repor­ tedly was forci*d to abandon the vehicle and attempted to flee on foot before allegedly shooting ut an officer’s vehi­ cle. authorities said. Beaver was un­ harmed 
Colorado Springs police said Alston was then shot by a police marksman. fH e’s not a bad boy, 9 ju r y was told 

Jerry Wayne Alston’s defense alter­ ne) once attempted to persuade a jury to fie lenient on Jerry. 
That was back in March, INTO when young Alston, then a 21-year-old defendant, was standing trial on rob­ ber)’ charges in 144th District Court. 

In arguing Alston’s defense, attorney 
Clarence Boatwright told the jury, 
“ lie’s not a bad boy Apparently he got in wit Ii a bud crowd 
Terms 
Alston was assessed two 
KJ-\t ar-terms, to be served concur* rent Iv , 
It didn t mutter, though He never got to serve that sentence 
Instead. Alston Was returned to Wa shiugton state where he was already serving a id year term for armed rob­ bery M a Renton, W ash ... store 
In the LAs 31. IOO* robbery iii Ren­ ton. Alston was involved in a shootout with tile More clerk 
Ills accomplice was injured but not 

 seriously. Alston was convicted for armed robbery. 
Robbery Pet, Mike Ross of SA PP said Saturday Alston was paroled last 
December and reportedly was staying al his parents’ residence on Blanco 
Road 
Advantages 
Alston’s lather. J W 
Alston, de­ clined to comment Saturday. 
Inlike some disadvantaged indivi­ duals who are led to crime. Alston co­ oeed the advantages of living in a iniddle-ineome ens mum tent. 
Adopted when he was 19 months old, 
Alston attended Robert E Leu High 
School where he dropped out of school in 1**HH 
Two years curlier. Alston had been convicted of auto theft, records indi­ cate. 
Iii 19H7 in Chicago Alston was fined 
#«’) lur theft. He then entered the 
Navy ll** was later discharged after being found absent without leave. 

FAMOUS STRACNER 
JOGGER 
Padded terry insole, suede kicker toe, high grip sole. Sizes 6 'i-IO Seen else­ where for up to $12.99. Ticketed $7.99, 

* 5 
" 

B o y ' 
DRESSY SHOES 
Moc style toe, simulated wood stack heel. 
Sites 8W-12 and 12W-3. Values to $8.99 

LUXURY HEAVY VINYL 
SHMHfi filar aim 
• • fw w fP P l 
& KOOK MTS 

Standard oil*. 4**4' the wa* curtain in beautiful decenter textured solid* ar fancy prints matehmf 
12 plastic she war 

Ticketed $3.49 

LAROUE 
AREA RUGS 

Decorator color* 
24xo2 and 22x44 
Tick a f o d $3.59 

 fa ll cmd tw in six# 
Anatta color*. 
T i€ k *t% 4 $ 9 .8 8 
MONDAY DOLLAR DAYS 

Famous Brands 
TEEN SIZE BRAS 

Values to $2.29. 
Sizes 28 to 34 
AA Our Reg. 77< 
(Limit 4 please) 

LAINES' 
QUILTED ROBS 5 
Special Group 
1 o o % nylo n 
Slits i-m. WKik quantity last. 
(limit 2 pie eve) 

LADIES' ACETATE 
DOUBLE KNIT 
PANTS 
I o o % ac e t at e black only. Sizes 6 to 18. (Limit 3 please) Ticketed 
$1.97 

LADIES' 
KINT iW'j spacial group long sleeves in color combination or print*. Size* *-md wet* ticketed 
$2 97. (limit 5 p l e a s e ) i DO RITTOOM OHLY) 

G U N G ' K N IT 
TONS & DRESSES 
Spacial Group ah m et but not in each style. Values to $3.99 (limit 4 l e a s e 
) 

Infants' & Toddlers 

SCREEN PRINTED 

TANK TOPS 
Cotton/ nylon stretch assorted colors and prints. 
Sizes 9 to 24 mos. 
A 2-4 (lim it 3 please) 

BOYS' 
TU SMITS 

& BRIEFS 

1oo% cotton knit 
M S M 4 to 14. (Saks 
In pkg. el 2) Rag. 
79 (tn»*t 4 plume) 

 lh . 

B O Y S ' 
SHORT SLEEVE 
KNIT SHIRTS 
Irrag. of values to 
$2 99. Solid color, stripe or novelty print. Sizes 8-18. 
Reg $1 49 

Lim it 3 

MEN S CASUAL 
OR WORK PANTS 

1 o o % co tto n or poly/cotton blond. 
Work pants. Sizes 
28 to 31. C asual s iz e s 26 to 3 1. 
(Lim it 4 please). 
(none sold to deal­ ers) ( d o w n t o w n only) 

AB ORR** 
COLORED POCKET 
TIE SidtTS 

1oo% cattan popu­ lar color* Sis#* *~m* f. (Lim* 3 please) 

 tog. 
$1.69 

M E N 'S 
ACTION PRINT 
TEE SHIRTS 
1 o o % cotton novelty prints o n c o l o r grounds. Size* 
*-m-l-xl. (Limit 
3 please) 

Balli Site 
HST SOAP 

 deodorant boo uty soap 

 lim it 6 W e a se 

 mWpPB 
Km2|r mMMMip Sr Kyp4*f 

"M A N IA " 

 m tM O BO N K M N K D 
KUCHEN TOWELS 

ScKMAMiRlCAftO 

IO yd lengths tor quality Our 
Beg. 39* (limit 4 yds. please) 

 fd i. tar 

Irreg. 1oo% cotton. 
Fast d ryin g , ond absorbent 15"»25" approx. size. Reg. 
39 (Limit 8 please) 
(downtown only) 

Special Group 

FABRIC REMNANTS 

Famous MUI 
BATH TONKS 

Voluos to $1.69 yd. 
(K full bolts). 2 to 5 yd lengths (Limit 

12 yds. p le o s e ) 
N ow Ticketed 49' 
(downtown only) 

 yds. for 

PRINTED SS" 
JERSEY KNITS 

 im 

It ss bx-e h. 
9* {* h* 

M 
L 

 r n 

22 FI. Oz. 
(I pl. 6 oz.) 
DOVE 

DISHWASHING 
DETERGENT 

I 69 Value limit 2 
Please 

Value* to $1 99 
2 o " x4o" *izo. 
Decorator «olid c v tor 
( l i m i t 6 plans#) T id eted to $1.49 

Special Group 
TABLECLOTHS 
1st Quality A lr- rags. Vinyl, 1oo% c o t t o n o r poly/cotton per­ manent press 52" 
7 o " 9 o " 6o rd 
(limit 3 please). 
(NNNTODt ONLY) 

VALDA TD 1.oo 

Ant 

 a aii P o i Ju&IaaaaL 
BAP HAP vie I ve I . lkk«t*d 49- 
'limit » Pho»e) 

P ilot blam ed in Virgin Islands crash 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
WASHINGTON ~ 
’ The plane’s captain was at fault in the fiery crash of 
American Airlines jetliner that killed 37 persons on St. Thomas, Virgin 
Islands, the National Transportation 
Safety Board said Saturday. 

“ It is evident that the captain could have extracted himself twice from a dangerous situation and could have avoided this accident,” the board reported. 
The board said Capt. Arthur J. Buj- nowski did not follow some prescribed 

 landing procedures. His main fault, it said. was not aborting a landing at­ tempt after the Boeing 727 was hit by turbulence during the approach last 
April 27 to Harry S Truman airport. 
After he violated procedures by landing, Bujnowski failed to apply 

 maximum braking that could have brought the plane to a halt. 

The pilot failed to take all possi­ ble steps to stop, including lowering the nose wheel and using reverse thrusters, according to the report-. 

Korean probers look at taxes 

NEW YORK TIMES ser vic e 
WASHINGTON - .Ins lice Department investi­ gators, encountering dif­ ficulties in their attempts to obtain solid evidence of bribery in their probe of alleged influence-buy­ ing by the South Korean government, have begun concentrating on possible tax violations by con­ gressmen. 
Government sources reported Saturday inves­ tigators have obtained additional help from the departm ent’s tax division in recent weeks. 
They now see this as the best hope of obtaining at 

 least a few indictments in a case that has been hampered by missing witnesses, a lack of re­ cords and evidence that may not be usable in court because it was ob­ tained illegally. 
Although the investi­ gators were known to have been working all along to make some tax cases, tin' sources said that the action of recent weeks represents a sig­ nificant shift in the focus of the investigation. 
It means investigators are pessimistic about be­ ing able to obtain indict­ ments on bribery, eon- 

Alln»rf King*** 
Truck lood of lo v ’n Arrive* of 
EASTWOOD COUNTRY CLUB 
March 11 & 12 

S h o w T im e I1 U n til 
Pre Sale Tickets 
At The Door 
'4 .o o 
*5 o o 
TIC K ET O U T LE T S 

PEPPER’S BARRER SHOP 
BOB'S OEN 
ARC.HIFS HISH: Pit s 
MR B'S LOI M E 
SOI SD TRACK 

A n o t h e r A l H u tc h in s o n 
Production • 
4 
Howard lanlrr 
Booking Agen! 
716-1)32: 

 spiracy and extortion charges and now are concentrating more of their energies on possible tax vDilations. 
"I think it will pick up now " one Ju stice De­ partment source said. " I think the investigation will get back on track.” 
The sources said that bribery cases are parti­ cularly difficult to make sipce they involve ques­ tions of criminal intent. 
Tax violations are so­ metimes easier to prove, they said, because it is necessary to show only that a person received a gift and intentionally failed to report it as in­ come and not that he had a criminal motive in ac­ cepting it. 

They also noted that bribery and extortion cases often require co­ operation of persons di­ rectly involved in tin' transactions, while in lins ease, the persons believed to be giving the government its most va­ luable information have only second-hand know­ ledge of the alleged pay­ ments. 

Bishop expelled 

R E V . 
B R IA N 
H E R D , 
Anglican bishop of Kar- am o ja, a rriv e s at 
Stansted, England, air­ port Saturday after be­ ing expelled from Ugan­ da by 
P re sid e n t 
I d i 
Amin. The Rev. Herd, who had spent I 6 years in Uganda, arrived with only on attache case and left his wife behind to pack. — AP W irephoto. 

Science tair w inners are. 
JUNIOR 
A C A D E M Y 
OF 
SC IEN C E 
Junior Division 
First place, Robert D avid. E d 
W h ite ; 
L y n n 
G r a h a m . 
Oak 
Crest; 
K art Keene. E d W hite; 
Louise Krohn. E d W hite; Brent 
M cM an u s, 
E d 
W h ite ; 
E d d ie 
P o n s d o m e n e c h , 
K e y s t o n e ; 
Johnny Shloo, Coke Stevenson. 
Second place. 
M elissa 
Aden bott. Goodm aht; 
Xyonno Ratio, 
Nim itz; Jonathon Belier. Keys tone; 
S h e r r ie 
C ro s s e n , 
St. 
G r e g o r y 's ; 
P e g g ie 
E o s o n , 
Ja m e s 
M ad ison; 
M a r y 
Beth 
Fisk, Oak Crest; 
Daniel G am boa. E d W hite; Cathy R in ehart, 
E d 
W hite; 
Leslie 
Sneer, 
Oak 
C r e s t ; 
C o n n e r 
S t u r d iv a n t , 
Goodnight; 
M ichael W olverton ; 
Goodnlaht 
Third place, 
K e lly 
B a rto n , 
Coke 
Stevenson; 
E rie 
Bo rm , 
Lam a r; 
Kirk 
D oughtcry, Coke 
Steven so n ; 
Todd 
D a u a h te ry , 
Coke Stevenson; 
Russell Hents, 
Ed W hite; Tim Reed, E d W hite; 
D ebbie 
Rule, 
M ark 
T w a in ; 
Richard Ryan, Oak Crest. 
Honorable Mention, E rie 
An derson, 
L a m a r; 
Tim 
Ellison, 
Lam ar. 
JUNIOR 
DIVISION 
A R SF 
AW ARD S 
B e h a v io r a l, 
1st, 
E d d ie 
Pon sdom en ech of 
K e y sto n e ; 
2nd. B ry an C rosby; 3rd, Monte 
Bains of K irby. 
B io c h e m is tr y , 
1st, 
T h o rly 
W ard of M adison; 
2nd, Debbie 
Sfh ro u b of 
Oak 
C rest; 
3rd. 
Tracy Allen of St. Luke s. 
Botany, 1st, Xyonno Boffo ot 
Nim itz; 2nd. W ayn e Hutchinson ol K rueger; 3rd, Beth Castro of 
Keystone 
Chem istry, 
1st. M ark 
Rosen stem of Eisenhow er; 2nd, Steve 
Greer of Episcopal; 
3rd, 
Troy 
E(dredge of Anson Jones. 
Eorth A Space. 1st, Loci Hoer of 
E is e n h o w e r ; 
2nd. 
S a r a 
M aioche of 
K irb y ; 
3rd. 
Porn 
Muggiil of Kitty Hawk 
E ng1 ,eerlog. 1st, Tim Bond at 
Goodnight, 
2nd, 
Eddie Fra n cis of St 
Lu ke's; 3rd. Roo Link of 
Brentwood 
Math A Computers, 1st. Ju lie 
G arrett of St 
L a k e s ; 
2ad. Jo e 
L. 
T u rn er of 
N a ta lie ; 
3rd. 
Stacey 
M octvae m b a of 
Kevstooe 
M ed icin e and 
H ealth , 
1st, 
Jonathan Be lier, Keystone, 2nd, 
Reggi Eason of M adison; 
3rd. 
B ru ce H ayes of madison 

M ic r o b io lo g y , 
1st, 
D oug 
Howard of 
Kitty H aw k ; 
2nd, 
Robin 
Monk of 
K irb y ; 
3rd. 
Claudio Hodig of Nimitz. 
Physics, 1st. C arlos L a P u e rta of Keystone; 2nd, Steve Terrill 
Of 
Anson 
Jo n es; 
3rd. 
Tom m y 
Owen of St. M arg aret M ary. 
Zoology. 1st, R ich ard Kuehner of 
St 
L u k e 's ; 
2nd, 
P e te r 
B ra n tle y of 
K e y s to n e ; 
3rd, 
Jeanette M ovo of Brentwood 
Grand P ru e Awards 
First. Andv G ard n er of Coke 
S te v e n s o n ; se co n d , 
W ilfr e d 
Charbonneau of Alan Shepherd; third, 
Lonnie 
Teltschik of 
K irb y; fourth, Pab lo L a P u c rto of Keystone 
Director's Aw ards 
G ioncarlo Ferruzzl. Keystone. 
M ary 
Beth 
Fisk, 
Oak 
Crest; 
Kathy Angell. K ru e g e r; 
Alison 
Rost, St. Pau l s; Anne Sparks, 
Soeoert; Brian Cassidy, Steven so n ; 
G lo r ia 
C o n co lee, 
St. 
Luke's; 
Andre H e rrera, Anson 
Jones; Donna M ovie, K irby. 
Danny Alonzo, St. Jo h n Bos co; 
D w ayn e 
P a d a le ck i, 
Oak 
Crest; Elid a Rivas, St. Ph illip ; 
Teresa Dudley, Salado; Sh arita 
M ercer, Briesom eistor; Douglas 
F a r e r , 
K itty 
H a w k ; 
C e c ilia 
O livares. St. P h illip s ; 
Caroline 
Field. Coke Stevenson 
S ta n le y 
S ta n u k in o s , 
M a rk 
Twain; 
Renee 
Lubianski. 
Oak 
Crest; 
D avid A rch er, St. 
Ph il lin s ; 
K evin 
C ald w ell, 
E lse n bow er; 
N an cy 
Theis, 
Fra n k 
Doble; 
Todd 
D aughtry, 
Coke 
Stevenson. 
Agron 
M cC orm ick, 
St 
Lu ke's; 
M ary 
F ra n cis, 
St. 
Luke s 
B e tty 
P o n t e r m u c h l, 
B reism eister; 
Rebecca Cordon as, 
Rhodes; 
K cirn 
C lark, 
St. 
M argaret M a ry; M ichael Dean, 
G arn er; 
Faun H artsock, Good night; 
Steve 
Je a n s o n . 
E ise n hower; 
I esiie 
Law son, 
Elsen hewer; 
R ich ard 
Leal, 
M ark 
Twain 
R ich ard 
R yan . 
Oak 
C rest; 
M elissa 
AHcnhoff. 
G oodnight; 
Eliz a b e th 
M atth le s, 
S a e a e rt; 
David 
Es-ery, 
K ru e g e r; 
Pau l 
H arre ll, 
T w ain; 
C lair 
Wong, 
Twain; 
Sr oft 
Fran cis. 
St 
L u k e 's ; 
R o b e rt 
A r / ole , st 
M argaret M a ry ; Pout Pettibon, 
Kirby 
Alfred 
Ram irez, 
St 
P a u ls ; 
M ark 
Albrecht, 
Connell; 
Alan 
Baxter. 
W hite; 
Stan 
Schaffer, 
Kitty 
H aw k; 
L au ra 
Leissner, 
S a e q e rt; 
C onner 
S tu rd iv a n t, 
G o o d n ig h t; 
C in d y 
H a r b e r , 

Nimitz; W illis Brow n III, Ep is coool; M arla M od es. Rhodes. 
M aribel 
Adam s, 
Brentw ood. 
V ick i 
A tkin so n , 
Oak 
C re s t; 
Albert 
A vale, 
K irb y; 
Nadene 
Carlson. K ru eg er; N ancy Crites, 
Keystone; 
Rhonda Gostin. 
Pat 
Nett; 
B ru ce 
N ew b orns, 
E p is copal; 
Ja m s 
M oi*, 
K ru e g e r; 
Deng Gail Russell. Krueger, 
A le* 
Rogue, 
St. 
G r e g o ry ; 
Donald 
R eeves, 
E is e n h o w e r; 
Srott P rich ard , 
K ru eg er; 
Pau l 
Mettke, 
Connell; 
John 
G a rc ia , 
St. Phillip s; Bill G rah am , Oak 
Crest; 
Roxanne 
Hill, 
W illiam 
H o b b y ; 
R ic h a r d 
M a r t in e t , 
Cooper; R ad io Roeria. W hite 
A rm an d o 
V illa n u e v a . 
L e a l; 
R o b in 
B rin k r» \ e v e r, 
C o k e 
Stevenson; 
Jim 
Suqgs. 
W hite; 
Steve W illis, Shepherd; P a tric ia 
Bro ok e, 
St. 
P a u ls ; 
L v n e tfe 
D e vilb iss, 
S h e p h e rd ; 
A ngelo 
K in g , 
K ir b y ; 
K e ith 
L y t le , 
Twain; Kevin M atthews. Jones. 
Patti 
M urphy, 
St 
M argaret 
M ary; 
Kellie 
W indeler, 
W hite; 
Craig Jocobson, K irb y ; 
Donna 
Robinson, 
Oak 
C rest; 
Cathy 
Raba. Stevenson; 
Sh erry eros sen, 
St.' 
G r e g o r y s ; 
St a c ia 
Kurtti, 
M adison; 
Angie 
Ladd/, 
Kitty H aw k ; 
L o rry Ram os, St. 
Paul s; Leslie Speer, Oak Crest 
JUNIOR 
A C A D E M Y 
OF 
S C IE N C E 
Senior Division 
F irs t 
P la c e , 
L u cia 
Athens, 
Alam o Heights; Robert Flem ing, 
K eystone; 
Robyn 
H asen b e rk, 
E ast 
C en tral; 
Jim 
Johnston, 
John 
M arsh a ll; 
T e rn 
Jones, 
Jo h n 
J a y ; 
Tom 
L a n g s to n , 
Keystone! 
M ike M cLain . Keys tone. Dcmse M iller, John Ja y ; 
E v e ly n 
O cfinger, 
Jo h n 
Jo y ; 
Jo h n 
Stout. 
K eyston e; 
C hris 
Taylor. John Ja y ; 
Tom Untcr m over. Central Catholic; T racey 
White, East Centro! 
S e c o n d p la c e , 
A n th o n y 
Contreras, John Ja y ; Ja y Don lei, John Jo y ; Shannon Fit/pa trick, Son M arcos: 
Bro d Kat/, 
John M arshall; Em tlie Oefinger. 
John 
Ja y ; 
Scott 
P au ley, 
San 
M arcos; Dee Pool, San M arcos; 
Susan Russell. Alanin Heights; 
Keith Sellers. John Ja y ; 
Arioh 
S ir gal. 
John 
M arsh a ll; 
Ju d y 
Smith, John Ja y ; L a r r y Yoqor, 
San M arcos. 
Third place, John Bu ck, John 
M arshall; 
Debbie Cooper, 
San 
M arcos; Ja m e s Fees, John Ja y ; 
Donita 
Gooney. 
Jo h n 
Ja y , 
Ja m e s 
Hutchinson. 
E a s t 
Cen trot; 
A rlene 
Lau re n c e . 
E a s t 

C en tral; 
Denise 
M ason. 
San 
M arcos; Le e Ann M cM inn, Son 
M arco s; 
S y lv ia 
P cre g o . 
Ken nedv; 
R ickv Pow ell. Son M ar 
Cos; Douglas Shook, E ast Cen trot. Deborah Stein, Jo h n M ar shall; M ike W atkins, Keystone. 
Los W indham . San M arcos. 
Honorable mention. 
P a tric ia 
Bernie). Kennedy. 
John D avis, 
Jo h n 
Ja y ; 
John 
Doyle. 
E ast 
C e n tra l; 
Bitt 
Le o n a rd . 
E a s t 
D on 
M u e lle r. 
San 
Keith 
Young, 
San 
C e n tra l ; 
M arcos; 
M arcos. 
SENIOR 
A R S F 
OIVISON 
AW ARDS 
Behavioral, 1st, E r ic a Schulte of Kitty H aw k , 2nd. D ebra Stlnc 
Of M arshall; 3rd. C alvin B ry an t of Kirby. 
Biochem istry, 1st. Susan Rus sell of 
A lam o 
Heights; 
2nd. 
M arau e z 
C e rv a n te s of 
Fox 
Tech; 3rd. M ark M auldin of San 
M arcos 
Botony. 
Isl, M ichael M cL ain of Keystone; 2nd, Anthony Con treras of Jo h n Ja y ; 3rd, Keith 
Shurtetf of Sequin 
Chem istry, 1st, Lisa Ladds of 
Kitty H aw k; 2nd. Jim Johnston 
Of M arsh all, 
3rd, Lois Cole of 
Sequin. 
E arth 
A 
Space, 
1st, 
E v e lyn 
Oeflnaer of 
John 
J a y ; 
2nd, 
Debbie Cooper of Son M arcos; 
3rd. Steve Daniel of Seguin 
E n g in e e r in g , 
1st. 
L a r r y 
Y aaer, San M arcos; 2nd, John 
Doyle of E a s t C en tral; 3rd, C arl 
Scheldt of W heatley. 
Math A Computers, 1st, Tong 
H yu ven of 
Fox 
T ech; 
2nd, 
Robvn Hosenbeck of East Cen tral, 
3rd, Don Baun qartner of 
Judson. 
Medicine A Health, 1st, Jim m y 
Caale of 
Jud son ; 
2nd 
T ern e 
Jones of John Jo y ; 3rd. Ja m e s f res of Jo h n Jo y 
M ic ro b io lo g y , 
1st, 
Je f f r e y 
Kieck of 
Alam o Heights. 
2nd, 
John 
Buck ot 
M arsh all; 
3rd. 
Carlos M enendej of Keystone 
Physics, 
1st, 
R 
D Sh lra of 
Seguin; 
2nd, 
Ruth Sim s 
Of 
Judson; 
3rd. Patrick M arcie of 
East Central 
Zoology, 1st, Teresa Stoker of 
A lam o 
H eights; 
2nd. 
A lfred 
Lope/ of 
Kennedy; 
3rd, 
M ark 
W illiam s of Son M arcos 
Grand Prize Awards 
Tirst. 
Trocev W hite ot 
E ast 
Central; second. 
David 
M o m son of 
C hurchill; third. 
John 
Stout of 
Keystone; fourth, tie. 
Dee Pool of San 
M arcos ond 

SUPERMART SELECTION 

Son Antonio's largest Pinna, Organ Musical Instrument ond Sheet Music 

Superman with 3o,ooo sq. ft. of Showrooms and Service Depts. to servo you. 
WHFTHEft YOU W ANT TO SPENO $5oo, $5ooo OR 
$1o,ooo, AT SAN ANTONIO MUSIC THE PRICE IS RIGHT! 
MARCH PRE-INVENTORY 
SAELEE 

OUTSTANDING VALUES IN ALL DEPTS. 

HUGE SAVINGS O N NEW & USED 
ITEMS— M A N Y ONE OF A KIND. 

SHOP EARLY WHILE SELECTION 
IS GREATEST. 

High Trade Allowances on 

LIMITED SUPPLY 
NEW WURLITZER O R G AN 
*699 

Other Mod.ls, Styles & Finishes 
SAVINGS $25o, $5oo & $1ooo 

HAMMOND, KIMBALL, CONN, LOWREY, BALDWIN, STEINWAY, 
GULBRANSEN, WURLITZER 

NEW WURUTZER 
*799 

WURUTZER PIANO 
*899 
SAVI$25o 

WURUTZER CONSOLE 
*999 
SAVE $296 

 ran m n n in itr,,' 

GRAND PIANO DEMOS 

SAVI TO $1ooo 

WURUTZER ORGAN 
$895 
SAVE $2oo 

7 # i ' 
WURUTZER CONSOLE 
*3975 
SAVE $1545 

Downtown at 
415 N. Main with plenty of free parking across the street at 
All Rite Parking Lot 
Open 9:3o to 5:3o 
Monday till 9:oo p.m. 
227-1331 

SHOP, COMPARE AND SEE WHY 86 YEARS OLD 
SAN ANTONIO MUSIC IS THE SOUTHWEST^ LARGEST, EXCLUSIVE MUSIC STORE. 

Pictures tor illuilratton purposes only. 
SAN ANTONIO MUSIC CO. 
Utilise o f Steinway 

Central 
Park 
M all 

Open 1o:oo A.M. 

 to 9:oo P.M. 

3 4 1 - 1 3 4 1 

Thomas U nterm ever of Central 
Catholic. 

D irector’s Awards 
M a r y 
W a tk in s , 
K e y s to n e ; 
Thom as 
W illia m s , 
K ey sto n e. | 
Jo d v 
Reichenau. E ast Central; 
Steve H ard y, John Ja y ; K a re n . 
Jo h n s o n , 
S e g u in ; 
S y l v a 
P r o c t o r . 
M a r s h a ll; 
T e r r i 
Srhraub. 
E ast C entral; 
Donna 
M ovie, 
Judson; 
Diana 
H arris. 
John Ja y 
. 
, 
. 
Clint 
Hotter. 
E a s t 
C en tral. 
John 
Davis. 
John 
Ja y ; 
David 
Duaue. 
E ast 
Centro!; 
D ebra, 
Waits. M arshall; Keith Shurtletf. 
Seauin; Stella Acosta, W heatley; 
C h a r le s 
D e w itt. 
A n to n ia n ; 
N a d v a 
L o w s . 
San 
M a r c o s . 
Glenn Tionason, John Ja y 
N ick 
L o c k a rd . 
K e y s to n e ™ ’ 
D e n is e 
M ille r , 
Jo h n 
J a y ; 
M elody 
M oore, Jud son . 
Linda 
New, 
S e g u in ; 
C h ris 
T aylo r. 
Jo h n 
J o y ; 
S h ir le y 
T u d y k , 
W heatley; 
Rill 
Leonard, 
East 
C e n tra l; 
Scott 
P a u le y . 
San 
M arcos; 
M ike 
W illis. 
Kitty 
Hawk 
Ardene Law ren ce. E ast Cen trot. 
Pablo Crlstadora, Central 
Catholic; Jo rg e A guilar, Anton ion; 
Soon 
R ed iey, 
M adison; 
P e rry Pelion, Dribbing Springs; 
Jim m y 
Gilbert, 
San 
M arcos; 
C lay 
M oore. 
Ju d so n . 
Ja c o b 
Valdez, W heatley. 
L o u is 
T re io , 
H a r la n d a le ; 
D avid 
Notion, 
E a s t 
C en tral; 
Glenn 
M axw ell, 
E a s t 
Central; 
Ja v ie r 
M ed ran o , 
Fox 
Tech; 
C o aita 
G a ffn e y . 
Jo h n 
J a y ; 
E m ilie 
O e fin g er, Jo h n 
Jo y ; 
R o sem ary 
Gom ez, 
W h e atle y. 
Douglas 
Shook, 
E ast 
Central; 
Diane Ennis, Judson. 
Keith Sellers. John Ja y ; Ja n e 
Hutchinson, East C en tral; Hee tor Rodrigue/, Kenn edy; Albert 
G ie n e w ln k e l. 
S e g u in ; 
D a v id 
G arcia. Seguin; Steven Bu ckley, 
East Central. W ando Hauahton. 
Tox Tech; 
Ralph 
Moses, South 
San 
W est; 
Roy 
Romo. 
Fox 
T ech. 
Jo y Daniel, Jo h n J a y . 
Troy 
G io m b T m rd i, 
K ir b y ; 
D a r la 
M iller, John Ja y ; Ja v ie r Tome/. 
W h e a t le y ; 
Jo h n 
S c h w a r t z , 
Seguin, 
Fran k 
Soucedo, 
John 
' Jo y ; Ben M iller, Son M arcos. 

S P E C IA L AW A R D S 
Robert 
D 
W ylie 
M em orial. 
Teresa Stoker of Alom o Heights 
A m e ric a n 
C a n c e r 
S o c ie ty . 
Ale* 
Roque of 
St 
G rego ry s; 
Navdene Carlson of Krueger. 
Am erican 
Institute of 
Aeron autics 
A 
A stro n au tics. 
Jo h n 
Stout of Keystone; 
John Doyle of East C entral; 
D avid G a rc ia of Seguin. W ilfred Chorbonneau of Sheooerd; Andv G ard en er of 
Stevenson. 
Am erican Lung Assn., B ru ce 
Haves of 
Ja m e s 
M adison; 
Rosem ary Gomez of W heatley 
A m e ric a n 
So cie ty of 
C iv iF 
E n g in e e rs . 
Jim m y 
C ogie of 
Judson; 
David 
Cato of 
E d 
White. 
I 
Am erican Society of M ech an­ ical Engineers, Tom Villolon ot 
Antonian; 
Beau 
Anderson of 
Saeaert. 
Texas 
Speech ond 
H earing 
Assn., 
Jonathan 
L. 
B e lier of 
Keystone. 
Bexar County M edical Society. 
Terne L. 
Jones of Jo h n Ja y ; 
D avid 
M orrison of 
Churchill; 
Jonathan 
Boller of 
Keystone, 
.B ru c e Hoves of Ja m e s Madison. 
Be x ar County Ph arm aceu tical 
Society, 
D avid 
M orrison ot 
Churchill. 
A m e r ic a n 
M e t e o r o lo g ic a l 
Society, Tim P a c k a rd Of Anton­ ian; Roberto Pe ra le s of Cooper 
Eastm an 
Kodak 
Co., 
Ja m e s 
M 
Fees of John jo y . institute of 
E le c tr ic a l and 
E le c tr o n ic 
E n g in e e r s , 
Jo h n 
Stout of 
Keystone; 
Andv G ar dener of Stevenson. 
M arine Technological Society, 
C arm en 
R id ley of 
W h e atle y; 
Sandra 
Roberts of 
M adison; 
Glenn 
Tiongson of 
Jo h n ja y ; 
Lois Cole of Seguin 
N A SA Aw ards, S y lvia C uellar of East C en tral; 
Ardene Low rence of 
East 
C en tral; 
Chris 
K endall ol 
E p is c o p a l; 
Kettle 
Wm deier of 
E d 
W hite; 
Keith 
Lytle of M ark Twain 
San Antonio Audobon Society, 
LISO L. Ladds of K itty Hawk 
San 
Antonio 
D istrict 
Dental 
Society. 
Kin 
Yan 
Hoi gf 
Fox 
Tech; Cindv H arbor of Nlmitz. 
San 
Antonio 
M e n s 
G ard e n 
Club. 
T racey 
W hite of 
E a s | 
Centro!; 
Kim 
M auldin of 
Son 
M a rco s; 
Pa b lo 
L a P u e rto of 
Keystone; 
X van n a 
Boffo of 
Nimitz 
S a n 
A n to n io 
S o c ie t y of 
M edical Technologists, S y lvia T. 
C uellar of E ast Central 
San Antonio Society ol Poth- ologists, 
D a vid 
M o rriso n of 
C h u rc h ill; 
Jim m y 
C o gie of 
Jud son , 
W illis 
Bro w n 
MI of 
Ep isco p al. 
Tereso 
Stoker of 
Alam o Heights 
South Texas Geological Socie­ ty. 
E v e ly n 
Oefinger of 
Jo h n 
Ja y ; 
D avid 
H ow oid of 
Kitty 
H a w k ; 
M e lissa 
A lfen hoff o* 
Goodnight, 
P a u l 
H a rre ll of 
M ark 
Twain; 
Bill 
Leonard of 
East Central. Debbie Cooper of 
San M arcos; 
Sa ra M oloche of 
K irb y; 
Christine 
V illegas of 
Rhodes 
South 
Texas 
Society of 
Au to m o fivc 
E n g in e e rs , 
T hom as 
Unterm ever of Central Catholic, 
Eddie F ro n d s of St 
Luke s 
Southwest 
G em 
A 
M in e ra l 
Society. 
E v e ly n 
O efinger, ot 
John Ja y . C arm en T 
O Hvores of 
W tiegllev, 
C arl 
Allsup al 
K ru eg er; 
D avid 
E s s o ry ol 
Krueger 
Southern 
Pre cisio n C o . 
Je t trey M K leek of Alam o Height', 
Texas Society of Professional 
Engineers. Tim Bond of Good night, john Stout of Keystone * 
U S . 
A rm y. D avid G o rcia of 
Seguin, John Stout of Keystone. 
M a ry 
W atk in s of 
K eyston e, 
L o rry 
Yogee of 
Son 
M arcos. 
Ja co b Voider qI W heatley. Anne 
Sparks of Saegerf; Eddie Pons domeneeh of 
Keystone; 
Alan 
B o x ie r of 
W hite; 
Andy 
C or d e n er, of 
S te v e n s o n , 
C o n s 
Cadm ia of 
St 
P e te r s , 
P a u l 
P ettib o n of 
K ir b y ; 
Q u tn yei 
Reyes of Leal 
U S. N avy, G reg o ry M cE w e n of W heatley 
V eterin ary 
M edical 
Assn. of 
Bexar County, D avid Notion at 
Judson 
O u ts ta n d in g 
OIH 
G r a d e 
Achievem ent, 
P a u l 
M ettke of 
Connell; Koshnoka Ja y asunder a of St 
Pete rs, F ra n k Baxter of 
White 

T V s h o w 

 m a y li«*I|> 

Tin* 
Mental 
Health 
Assn. of Bexar County is urging television viewers to watch. "A Cl re Ie of 
C hildren,” at 8 p m . 
Thursday on KLNS-TV, 
Channel 5. 

"A Circle of Children” focuses on a Junior Lea­ guer who happens into a school for emotionally disturbed youngsters and stays on as an inexper­ ienced volunteer who evolves into a gifted leacher. 

Association President 
Jam es VV. Schnettler, said one family in four is touched by emotional problems, which can of - ten he solved or alleviat­ ed with prompt treat­ ment of youngsters like those portrayed by child actors in the show. 

The show was filmed on location at a school where portions of Cali­ fornia’* Dubnoff Center for Child Development and educational Therapy were virtually duplicat­ ed. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1 9 7 7 . 

Byrd support goes to Warnke 

New YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — Senate Majority Leader Robert C. Byrd said 
Saturday he had reluctantly decided to support the nomination of 
Paul Warnke as chief United States disarmament negotiator, but said he would not use his leadership position to seek to persuade other senators. 
‘ T m not voting for Mr. 
W arnke. I ’m voting for the P r e s id e n t of the 
U n ited S t a t e s and the 
United S ta te s S e n a te ,” the West Virginia Demo­ c r a t told a g ro u p of n ew sm en . “ T he P r e s i ­ dent is the u ltim ate ne­ gotiator, and I have con­ fidence in the practical toughness and judgm ent of P r e sid e n t C a r te r in dealing with the Soviets in this field.” 
Predicted 
The se n a to r nonethe­ less predicted Senate ap ­ proval W ednesday, with 
W arnke r e c e iv in g between 53 and 65 votes. 
W arnke’s other nom ina­ tion, as head of the A rm s 
Control and 
D isarm a­ m ent 
A g e n c y , w hich 
B yrd a ls o s u p p o r ts , is considered assured. 
B y rd sa id 
C a r t e r ’ s strong statem ents on hu- 
Mange warning issued by vet 

 lf your dog is chewing his skin or scratch in g badly, chances are he has sarcoptic m ange, a d is­ ease transm issible to hu­ mans. 
“ There is an increase in sarcoptic m an ge on d o g s .” sa id Dr. T om 
Butler, president of the 
V e te rin a ry 
M e d ic a l 
Assn. of Bexar County. 
“ Sarcoptic m an ge a f­ fects dogs regardless of age. sex or breed and is highly contagious am ong canines 
“ T he sa r c o p tic m ite burrows deeply into the skin and causes intense itching," he said. Dogs with sarcoptic m ange so­ m etim es d a m a g e their skin by severe itching and chew ing. 
“ lf you notice your dog doing this, and m em bers of your family have itchy spots, take your dog to an animal hospital and take your family m em ber to your physician. 
Dr. Butler said m ites do not survive long on humans, but have been know to last as long as 2o days. 
“ But once the m ites are eradicated from the dog. the threat to the ow ner or fam ily m em bers is destroyed," 
Dr. Butler said. 

T m not voting fo r Mr. 
Warnke, 
I ’m voting fo r the President and the 
Senate’ 

A rerun of history 

O W E N W Y N O W EN , 51, an engineering lecturer, drives “Bobs," the 2o-foot-long, 27o-horsepowered monster down the beach at Pendine, Wales, where 5o years ago Friday Parry Thomas was killed while attempting to break Malcomlm Campbell's I 74 miles per hour world speed record in the same vehicle. After the crash, the car lay buried in the sand dunes for 42 years before it was dug up by Owen, who spent eight years restoring it. In the historic rerun, Owen kept the racer’s speed to 6o m.p.h. — AP Wirephoto. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NE W S— Sunday M arch 6 1977 

Dissident talks with Germans 

N EW YO RK TIM ES SERVICE 

BONN — Andrei D. Amalrik. the exiled Soviet dissident, said two of 
C han cellor H elm ut S c h m id t’ s key aides told him F rid a y night West 
Germany supports the Carter adm inis­ tration's position on human righ ts in 
Communist countries. 

Amalrik had asked to see Schmidt himself but was referred instead to the chancellor’s chief foreign policy aide. 
Hans-Jurgen Wischnewski, and to the governing Social Democratic party's general m anager. Egon Bahr, 

After several hours of talks, Amalrik said he was satisfied. 

 man rights had been very definitely a factor" in the senator’s decision to support Warnke for the j disarm am ent post. 
“ The leader of a socie­ ty who sp e a k s out with fir m n e s s on h um an righ ts is a lso a le ad e r prepared to deal just as r e a lis tic a lly and p r a g ­ m a tic a lly with the S o ­ viets on arm s control li­ m itations," Byrd said. 
Conversely, he added, 
“ Any nation that does not h ave a b a s ic c o m m it ­ m ent to h um an r ig h ts cannot be trusted to keep its word in respect to an a r m s con trol a g r e e ­ m ent." 
Informed 
T he se n a to r sa id he had inform ed C arter of his position Friday night. 
The senator, asked if his support was based on his being a team player, re­ plied. “ No it was not.” 
“ The issue carries w ith it convictions and em o ­ tions th at run so d eep that I do not view it in any partisan spirit as a teamwork enterprise. 
“ I don’t consider it a le a d e r s h ip role th at I should p lay in th is in ­ stan ce." 
Byrd said he believed the Soviet Union “ should get a m essage out of the d eb ate on this n o m in a­ tion." 
“ They must surely see deep r e s e r v a tio n ,” the senator said. 
“ There s a feeling that the 
R u s s ia n s h ave ch eated on S A L T I, a s they h ave on p re v io u s agreem en ts, and on the 
H elsin k i a c c o r d s . We have a deep hunger and d e s ir e 
(fo r d i s a r m a ­ m ent) but equally deep suspicion and fe ar." 
The senator added that in “ any treaty that re- i su its from th ese ta lk s, th ere’s not going to be any hesitancy on my part t(» vote against the trea­ ty." 
Tragic 
“ One of the most tragic things that could happen is that the Senate of the 
United State s could re ­ je c t an a r m s con trol agreem en t,” Byrd said. 
“ But it would be even more tragic if the Senate ra tifie d an a g r e e m e n t that le g itim iz e d and r e le g a te d the 
U nited 
States to a position of in­ ferio rity . 
How they voted on m ajor bills 

W A SH IN G TO N 
- 
Votes of area m em bers of 
Congress on key roll calls for the w eek e n d in g 
March 4. 1977, were: 
House 
E T H IC S CO D E: By a vote of 4o2-22 the House adopted a resolution im ­ posing tough new finan­ cial restrictions on House m embers. 
T he re so lu tio n r e ­ q u ired co m p lete fin a n ­ cial disclosure of u s u a l ­ ly all income, assets and debts of m em bers, limit­ ed to 15 per cent of his o ffic ia l s a l a r y the am ou n t of m on ey a m em ber could earn at a lob outside the Congress, banned private unofficial o ffice a c c o u n ts , in ­ creased official expense allowances for m em bers and prohibited g ifts to m em bers from lobbyists. 
Proponents of the eth­ ics code a rg u e d it w as needed to prevent future abuses of power by House m em bers and to restore public confidence in Con­ gress. 
; Some opponents of the resolution said they were voting against it to pro­ test the r u le s u n der which the resolution had been c o n sid e re d , ru les vyhieh p re v e n te d the 
House from voting on all but a few am endm ents to the m e asu re . Other op­ ponents contended the li­ mit on outside earned in­ c o m e fa v o re d rich m e m b e rs who hav'e un­ earn ed incom e such as dividends or interests. 
V oting for e th ic s resolution: Abraham Ku- 
/en (D ). Bob K r u e g e r 
(D c 
Absent: Henry D. Gon­ zalez (D). 

NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT 
C A R R IER : On a 161-252 vote, the House refused to continue funding for c o n stru c tio n of a fifth nuclear-powered aircraft c arrie r. The vote cam e on an a m en d m en t that would have restored to the iis e a l 1977 b u d g e t 
$81.6-million for further construction of the giant carrier. 
M e m b e rs who voted against funding the fifth nuclear carrier argued it was too expensive and too v u ln e ra b le to 
S oviet m issiles. Along with the t a r t e r a d m in is tr a tio n they fav o re d sp e n d in g the more than $2*bilIion that the nuclear carrier would eventually cost on two sm aller oil-powered carriers. 
M em bers who lavored b u ild in g an ad d itio n a l nuclear c a rrie r argu ed that ll Is a powerful, ver satile weapon unmatched in the Soviet navy. The advantages of speed and fuel sa v in g s of the nu c le a r sh ip , they s a id , would m ore than m ak e up for the additional cost of its construction. 
The 
S e n a te will c o n sid e r 
Hic* c a r r ie r - fu n d in g issui later in March. 
V otin g in fa v o r ut a fifth nuclear carrier: Ka zen (D). 
Voting against a fifth nuclear carrier: Krueger 
(D). 
Absent: Gonzalez (D). 
Senate 
T h e re w ere no key votes in the Senate. On a unanimous vote, the Sen­ ate approved authority for P resident C arter to reorganize the executive branch. 

FASH toy FABRICS 
BY THC YARD 
PRICES GOOD THRU 
WEDNESDAY, M AR. 9 

ALSO GOOD SUNDAY 
AT THE BROADWAY STORE 

 t 
WOLDER WORLD 
OF FABK ICS 
THIS IS ONLY A 
FEW OF THE SPECIALS 
YOU WILL FIND AT 
CLOTH WORLD THIS WEEK. I 

% 

SUPER WHITES 

W H ITE JA C Q U A R D S 

D O U B L E K N IT S 

SEWING SPECIALS 

• 1oo% 
POLYESTER 

• MACHINE 
WASH 

• 6o” WIDE 

WHITE IS 
ALWAYS 
IN FASHION 

Y A R D 

ENTIRE STOCK b F PATTERNS 

 r n 
IG. PRICE 

SOLID COLOR 

IN T E R L O C K K N IT S 

1oo% 
POLYESTER 

CLOTH WORLD'S 

EVERYDAY 

LOW, LOW PRK 

SIMPLICITY, 

McCALLS, 
VOGUE, 

 resncK 

6o" WIDE 

BEAUTIFUL 
SPRING 
COLORS 

THE SLINKY 
KNIT 

Y A R D 

PRINTED 

S U B L A S T A T IC 

KNITS 

1oo% 
POLYESTER 
THE BRIGHT 
SPRING PASTEL 
COLORS FOR 
THE VERY 
LATEST IN 
FASHION 

A 
BRUSHED 
DENIM 

,v 
45” WIDE; 

1oo% COTTON 

Y A R D 
• MACHINE WASH 
Y A R D 

BRIGHT 
SPRING COLORS 

 r * * 
4 

I * ^ I MW % 

DRESS & BLOUSE 
PRINTS 
.SPECIAL I 
SELECTION 

• 1oo% COTTON 

• 4 5 " WIDE 

• MACHINE WASH 

 iff 

J * 

 mf! 

SEERSUCKER 

Hi 

• 4 5 " WIDE 

• puns, STRIPES, 

ANO PRINTS 

• POLYESTER AND 
COTTON 

» NEW SPRING COLORS 
YARD 

 r n 

SSE, 
REAL FASHION LOOK FOR SPRING 

7 
S P E C IA L 
• ASSORTED FANCY 
YARN DYED 
• 1oo% POLYESTER 
33 
Y A R D 

D O U B L E K N IT S 

Spring Bride 

SWEETHEART 
FLOCKED SHEERS 
POLYESTER V C O IT O * 
97 

Y A R D 

MACHINE 
WASH 
44 'T O 4 5 “ 
WIDE 
THE VERY 
LATEST IN 
SPRING FASHION 

933 PLEASANTON 
Phone No 923 7715 
OPEN 6 DAYS A WELK 
Mon-Pf. 9 3o 9 P M Sot V 3o 6 

I1 2 S MEADOW LEAF DR 
Conter el Morbcxh Rd and Leap 41o 
Phone N© 673-7161 
O P EN 6 D AYS A WEEK 
Mon fit. 9 3 o A M 9 P M Set 9 3o-6 P M 

5 71 3 W U R Z B A C H et Ronde*a Se 
Phone No 6 *4 4132 
O PEN 6 Dart a »eefc 
Mon Tri 9 3o-9 P M Set 9 3o 6 P M 

44 I 5 BROADWAY 
--------- 
A lento Height t 
Phone No 824 244o 
OPEN 6 DAYS A W IEK 
Men En. 9i3o A.M.-f P M Sen 11'til 6 

1 1425 PERRIN BEITH RD 
Phone Ne 653-9292 
O PEN 6 D AY S A WEEK 
Men f n . 9.3o A M.-9 P M Set 9 3o 6 P m 

 lilt* I * I *iwiny 
6o14 W IST AVENUE 
Corner c f Woo Venue 4 Loop 41o 
Phone Ne 349 1269 
OPEN 6 DAYS A W IEK 
Mon Tri 9:3o A M 9 P M Sot 9 3o 6 P m 

* 
S on Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday March 6 1977 

I 

 mm • 
Ii 

R E L A T IV E S of m issin g c o a l m in e rs can on ly w a it outside K o ch er coal m in e 
_ 

CORRECTION 
In a G IB SO N 'S DISCOUNT CENTER lim­ ited distribution supplement in today s 
San Antonio Light, the products BAN 
ROLL ON (2.5 oz.). JO HNSON BABY OIL, 
SW ING ER ICE CHEST, and D A IW A ROD 
& REEL CO M BO are advertised. W e re­ gret that we have not received shipment of these items and that they will not be available as advertised. In the same sup­ plem ent G ILLETTE 
TRAC ll Blades (at 
7 7 ' ) s h o u l d read) 
" 5 s " ins tea d of I 
"9 s". 

Rescuers enlarging miner’s escape hole 

R E SC U E w o r k e r s c o n tin u e to d rill in se a rc h o f s e v e n trap pe d coal m iners 

7-STORES 

AIR 
J I 
■ 
■ r\ & * 
CONDITIONER 

5ooo BTU 
6.o EER 
115 VOLT 
PRE-SEASON SPECIAL 

T O W E R 
C IT Y , 
Pa. 
(A P ) 
— 
R e scu ers reached stranded miner 
Ronald Adley Saturday night but wore delayed in bringing him to the sur­ face because the hole they cut into his under ground chamber was too small. 
Rescuers cut through a 
5o-foot seam of coal to reach the chamber where 
Adley has been trapped for more than lour days, only to find out that the opening they had made w as too sm all for his 
5-foot-7 frame. 
Too small 
“They thought the hole was large enough but it wasn't, so they art* en­ la rg in g it n o w ," said 
Steve Shraw der. a s s is ­ tant to the president of the Kocher Coal Co. 
Adley tried to get through the opening but couldn’t because of its size and the angle at which it had been cut. 
Shrawder said. He added that he did not know how long it would take to enlarge the escape pas­ sage. 
“ It seem s like fo r­ ever," said Adley’s sis- ter-in law. K.ite Adley. 
" T h is is a terrible thing. Why don't they tell us what is going on?"she added, referring to ear­ lier reports that Adley was to be brought from the mine deep inside the 
4oo-foot m ountain long before midnight. 
Shraw der said Adley remained "in good sp ir­ its and is anxious to get out." 
The 37-year-old miner was the only known sur­ vivor of Hie lh men who were trapped in the mine last Tuesday when a wall of water poured into an underground tunnel. 
An ambulance waited at the mine entrance to take Adley to a hospital 

 for observation. 
"T h e y found m y daddy. H e's alive." said 
A d le y ’s 
11-year-old daughter, Justina, when she heard on television that re scu ers had reached her father. 

“ It's a miracle, a m ir­ acle from God above," 
Rate Adley said as tears streamed down her face. 

There was still no word 
Saturday night on the seven m iners still m iss­ ing in the m ine. The bodies of two men were brought out Tuesday and 
Wednesday. 

Even after the rescuers reached the air-filled pocket where Adley had spent more than KH) 
- 
I I L 
. . . . . . V 
, . . I* . . 
. . . . . hours, he had a long way 

 to go to freedom. 
F irst, there was the 
5o-foot long escape hatch his rescuers had spent 
3C> days chiseling out of hard anthracite coal and quartz. Then, about 1.o(111 feet to the underground rail line. Finally, a one- mile ride on one of the flat rail cars which carry m iners down into the earth to work. 

Whirlpool 
WITH ENERGY 
SAVING SETTINGS 

There are some feelings for which there are no words 

Energy-Saving Settings differ you m oney-saving, multiple-option cooling. Set the fan for either continuous operation, or positioned for automatic operation, turning on only when cooling is required. This reduces fan motor operation time and costs. Themostat offers optional Energy-Saving Setting, too, which con cut total unit operating time. A lso features 2-w ay air direction and convenient insto-Mount installation. 

Whirlpool with SUPER 
SURGILATOR 

Owning a Gary Pool is one of them. 

Remember when you were a kid what fun it was to go swimming? 

Remember how you enjoyed all sorts of water games with your pals? 

Remember later those lazy, crazy days when romance first blossomed beside a pool? 

Remember how a swim or even a splash left you exhilarated and ready to lace anything? 

Remember? 

Gary Pools can recapture ALL those happy memories. 

Let Gary make a memory a reality. 

G I, ooh 

M N A VK JNK). AUSTIN & 
S 
I I I 
N E 
Locp 41o, Sun AntoTexas 
341-3331 

■■■ aes 

GRASS C A M IT 
G R U N 
19<) 

4o21 ss, 
; 1 

65 3-377 3 
A CARPET 
WAREHOUSE 

RIGHT 

G U A R D awat PHOTttTdi 
ANTkPtWSHKANT 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Morch 6 1 9 7 7 

D r i l l s w i t h f r i l l s t h a t t h r i l l 

 f I OON Nylon 
Short Doom 
SHAGS n > o « e o f H ) C olor* 
IO O * NYLON 
Sculptured 
SHAGS 
• l » « IO 

M A C A R T H U R 
H IG H 
S C H O O L 
D rill 
Team m em bers A lyc e Y o u n g , 
* le f t , and Julie Johnson p a rtic ip a te in a d an ce routine at the South Texas 
* D ance an d D rill Team 
C o m p e titio n F rid a y at 
■ Northside Stadium 's Paul 
. T ay lo r Field H o u se. 
— 
* S ta ff Photos by S tev e 
.•Campbell 

SAVINGS UP TO 5o% 

D A N C IN G jazz is Diana W heeler, member of the 
Austin Lanier High School Dance Team which par­ ticipated Saturday in the state's largest dance and drill team competition. Teams from 3 3 high schools in I I towns and cities were entered. 

PERCHED high on ladders, Austin’s Lanier High School Drill Team dances through their Prop 
Routine Saturday at the competition for which the John Marshal High School Ramblerettes were hosts. 

A T A D D R E S S E S L I S T E D B E L O W r-r.ou w in-n i*«N" I p"i:«n MIN-1 v»coii 
■ ; 7 
El l i E D m p 
* 
, 
# 
® 
MR.CGFFEEI™ FILTERS 
■ 
WRIGLEY S® 
||& ij FILLER 
1 1 
PKG. 
31 
|| 
L t k t gum IWSSk PAPER |S^&\ FOAM SS fiH |P |67*.| 
| h ; i m 
^ l 
W 
W 
W 
I 
I 
' ' 
\ 
2oo cf. 5 h o le , wide rule. H 
I f * I I P 
C 
" 
" 
5 ^7T~ »»*««■_ \ 
7 sticks per pkg. 
■ 
'■ 
Stock up now. 
■ m 
. BOyrOCUPO . 
W W r m 
EJ „ 
M T—MRaU&55H EXPIMS MAR. 9 ■ 
■ n ; U ;< H !n a a n > i= l, 
Ss a rn t — i c , 
. 
, , w ... 
8 3 rn ffih-'iii 
■ r n ii 
■ c... 
1 
■ 
■ a 
Sh 
«?»« o u r f ? t a r 
« 
51 c t. 6 .1 o z . w h it e . 
■ 
■ a , * 1' - - 
•• 
, r . ra il 7J |M ;77' H y 47*11 I iJfei# 1 

LIMIT 6 EXPIRES MAR. 9 
W ITH C O U P O N 

■ 
■ r r 
' i i t d b i 

LIMIT 2 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 
M 
T 
G a ’Y 
I s iH is - 'i p bi:iiip m bi p ^ on roiT T i 
*iV magic! jj 
' 
ASST. SE t.g.&y. polish! 
4 twirl J J \ y j earrings! l r remover! 
Ak BRACELETS” ■ 
RINGS 2 ^ B ran d ll 
Non sm ear noil 
J 

* 
3 I i 
I . J 
« fC*.!5*r a "4 
I " i W 
I polish re m o v e r. 6 o z. 

F - C O U I H I N - l f f fc—S7I 
ALKA-, I 
Wfflm SELTZER®!! 

Package contains 36 tablets in I 8 handy foil packets. 

Th* dog 
I wilt ll o continuous toil of 

 jtwaltr's Wirt that stretthat to fit any wrist On 

 your wrist just Nip it down and it totem ** a very 

 handsome arm bond Availabft in your thoicR of 

 slim or gold color Wtor thorn individually, or 

 twist two together for nwlh-color effect 
UMH 2 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 
LIMIT 2 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 

■ 
■ 
T 
G 
& 
Y 
M i 

? EXPIRES MAR. 9 

T o - f - ' v i a E 

EXPIRES MAR. 

 r ■ C O U P O N " ! P " C o o H o M" 1 p - C I M I I M I N — I p 
- C O I I P O N - l 

I 
I f l S i "sHowSt" I I M n ™ 
1 
B l in i 
RIGHT 
H r a 
™ 
° 
I 
I l f / 
CURTAIN 
I ! SSjilWIWE* j | 
GUARD B l “ 
I HAVOLINE M 
/iJffc WI® 
Soft, durobia, luxury waight shower | I 
Wiping „>othS || 9 WM SM- 
1 
, 
5 ™ L 2*3 J 
MOTOR OIL 
'5 1 <urtotn »n coocdmotsd fosh.on colon mm 
■ ■ H T # iP 
R O L L - O N 
S i | | 
8 ^ 
/A 
§2 
J * 1 
\ V I V I T for your psfvonol dstorofor touch 
■ fig 
Vfe 
||| 
|fc 
W ' ** ♦ r**,#! 
P l 
8 r m k w ^ 
■ 
^'ze: 7Q>N- x 72 ,N* R C 
MRk HHT a J 
I 
I I 
4 
V 
7 
7 
1 a l f 
^ p x g . 
H m s s a r 
C 
T 
* 
I rn a p 
# 
* 
^ 
^ ^ 
B ■ 
24" x 14" cloths in 
H B su.nfrw4 adLxfn« fw 
J j 
Mn 
| 
I 
6 
^ S B mm 
QUART 
^ 
I 
WSfeAtw^ 
I I I 
■ m m assorted colors 
^ ™ 
A v 
^ 
. . . . ^ mw assorted colors 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 

 r ^ G V I M 
K - l r - M 
I I I M 
I i V - l r " C W 
I>W l R 
U f f M n 
J / ^ ; \ daytime 
, vmmmK super , , m M super ■■ ^ 
F L E X ■ 
*M £k \ 
DISPOSABLE ■ 
. . . . « » i d 
SHAM POO ! 
■ P * ^ - 
DIAPERS 11 i 
ELASTIC ll H isgps® l l ? ® 
.cor. 
I 
IPS^* 
I 
W IArKIIJ 
I rn rn 
»w i w ith b io n ic ■ 
® pin 
^ cm i m 
^ J A 
I 
* BUBBLEpLASTIC| I 
BOUNCE I I 
^ I 
I 
^I $3t711 
OTI i " 97 ii s”"- 
"«« 1 
■ r 
* , ( 
I lu « » . M 
■ 
T w 
A r n 
« « 
« 
~ 
* * * „ « m m 
- i x p i r k m a r q 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 

I X G 
. * . V 

L IM IT 2 EXPIRES MAR. 9 i n r n x G ^ y 
LIMIT 2 EXPIRES MAR. 9 ~ 
■ ■ 
■ 
T 
G a 
Y 
EXPIRES MAR. 9 

• 164S PAY BOORISH RD 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
• NORTHWEi! CENTER 
3654 FREDERICKSBURG RO 
• SOUTH PARK M A U 
231o S.W. MILITARY DR 
• 8So7 BLANCO RD. 
• 2So6 NACOGDOCHES 

• CALLAGHAN PLAZA 
CALLAGHAN RO. 
AT CULEBRA 
• SISO WURZBACH 
AT EVERS 
• BROONHOLLOW CENTER 
15o32 SAN PEDRO AVE 
• ALSO SEGUIN, TEXAS 

11 OI • AO VMM ISH mRCMSNBIM PSUCX 

Ow leat#**)! M***» “ 
•»»•»* k»«* *<<w«1im4 m, ta t m * >• aw »ia<N la Ma t«a*t tat to.vi w* iaaui>ana<v» n aal avattaNa tee la aatefataa* ia«»»ak I L L ’ * 'M P'o.tN a la>a cawl upon faaaait i» at♦« taal im w<taa*«ik* •*) la aeideul al IM Ult »<“ « «*aa it |aco<aat ava taa>c et »w "*r p**ik**t tmtm aeauif 

 a M f< aan4iM I t I M W W P<K« la O a th o a H i i M a w >lf«| ti I U ' ta tat (IMI rn alt U rn Wfta yam 

• 33o HWY. 9o W. 
• EAST HOUSTON CENTER 
AT NEW BRAUNFELS AVE 
• 6ooo-1 WEST AVE. 
AT JACKSON KELLER 
• NORTHERN HILLS 
12247 NACOGDOCHES 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M arch 6 I9 7 7 
W illiams says he will ru n as an independent 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
District 2 City Council candidate 
Charles Williams Sr. said Saturday he will not be a member of any ticket fielded by the Alliance for Better City. 
He vowed to run as an independent. 

Williams’ statement came after he met with his political campaign com­ mittee to inform the committee of his decision. 
District 2 is the most likely of the IO districts to produce a black city coun- 

 sp 

Give someone you love 
X- a new you to look at. 
S- 
Now, at special prices. 
T 

Gimme Curl special 16.88. Custom conditioners make it your personal recipe for soft, natural-looking curl. 
Shampoo, cut. set included. 
Frosting special 18.88. Caress your hair with color. From a sprinkling of sunshine to bold accents. We're the experts. 
Toner, styling included • 

Charge it. 
Perms not recommended for bleached hair. 
The JCPenney Beauty Salon 

South Park 

• 1977 JCPennev Co inc 
923-5461 
Windsor Park 
6 5 4 -1 5 6 5 

2o% off all our print fabrics for custom draperies. 
Save on lining, labor, and installation, too. 

A spectacular collection at spec­ tacular savings' Choose from dozens of fabrics in the smartest solids and patterns Colors to co­ ordinate with any decorating scheme Here are heavy antique satins and rich damasks for tradi­ tional homes, vibrant patterned cottons for contemporary homes. 
Just call and we ll send a JCPenney custom decorator to your home with samples and ideas 
Sale prices effective through Saturday. 
For JCPenney 
Custom Decorating Service call 654-155o 
JCPenney 

South Park 
Windsor Park 

 lilman. 
"It’s my opinion citizens of San An­ tonin supporter! the districting plan in an effort to improve the accountability of each council person to the voters of that district,” Williams explained. 
"It is my support of the districting plan that makes it impossible for me to join the ticket proposed by ABC. I am running as an independent candidate for District 2.” 
Williams said if there is any question about contributors to his campaign, questioners can cheek his financial report filed Wednesday w ith City Clerk 
Garland Jackson. 
To his knowledge, Williams said, he has received no contribution from 
ABC. 
In refusing the offer by ABC to join its ticket. Williams said he had been indirectly approached by an ABC representative. He said he was sur­ prised however, when reports of an 
ABC list of candidates surfaced. Wil­ liams’ name was on that list along with five others. 
ABC representatives say no such list ever existed. 
Williams said he made no committ­ ment to the ABC representative who had contacted him. nor had the ABC representative made any committment to him. 

Tw enty win honors in Spanish contest 

# / ' 
V V*- 

Observes birthday 

JAPAN S Empress Nagoko looks at specimens of sea shells at Tokyo's 
Imperial Palace in photo released by palace Saturday. She will celebrate her 74th birthday Sunday. 
— AP 
Wirephoto. 
____ 

Twenty students took top honors Saturday at the close of the fourth annual Spanish Recita­ tion Contest for High 
School students. 
Conducted at the 
University of Texas at 
San Antonio, the awards were presented by UTSA and the San Antonio Re­ sident School of the Na­ tional Autonomous Uni­ versity of Mexico. 
Forty students partici­ pated in Advanced. In­ termediate, Beginner ll and Beginner I cate­ gories, competing in a three to five-minute free-choice memory reci­ tation of Spanish lan­ guage prose or poetry. 
Dr. Frank Pino, UTSA assistant to the vice-pre­ sident for academic af­ fairs, and Rose Marie 
Bennett, high school li­ aison representative, coordinated the pro­ gram. 

Winning students 

The following is a list of tin* winners: 
ADVANCED 
- Eve 
Campbell, John Marshall 
High School, first; Leti- 

 cia Soria, John Jay High 
School, second; Patricia 
Dominguez, John Jay, third. 
Oscar Coindreau, Ma­ cArthur High School, fourth; and Issac Kraj- malnik, John Marshall, fifth. 
IN TER M ED IA TE - 
Liz Massie, T.K. Gorman 
High School in Tyler, first; Rosario Galvan, 
Harlandale High School, second; Juan Goodman, 
John Jay, third. 
Judy 
Adams, 
Ma­ cArthur, fourth; and Ka- tv Mitchell, MacArthur, fifth. 
BEGINNER II - Ro 

 bort Cuellar. San Diego 
High 
School in 
San, 
Diego, first; Jorge Good­ man, John Ja y High 
School, second; Rosa 
Garza, McAllen High 
School, third 
Gloria Galindo, Har­ landale, fourth; and Rox­ anne 
Vicentv, 
H ar­ landale, fifth. 
BEGINNER I - Agas 
Solis, MacArthur High 
School, first; Eddie o1- mo, John Jay, second; 
Dilia Villarreal, Wheat­ ley High School, third. 
Javier Tamex, Wheat­ ley, fourth; and Analiese 
Espurvoa, John Ja y . fifth. 

ATTENTION: HOME ECONOMIST & 
SEWING TEACHERS* 
* 2 E E * 
W ants to be your sew ing machine cm m pany. 

SPECIAL PRICES — LIMITED OFFER 
♦ Stable certified and currently active in clothing and textile education. Store demonstratins only. 
■TJTTS 
JIM— commo DIALER #CIo74 
Northside Sewing Machine Company 
3 5 2 3 W est Avenue 
San Antonio, TX 7 8 2 1 3 

VALLEY PARK 
FOODS 

6126 WURZBACH 

CORNER of WURZBACH & EVERS 

OPEN 24 HOURS EVERYDAY! 

PRICES G O O D THRU TUES., M ARCH 8th 

S O B R IN O ’S 
□ D u n n 
IE Sic I 
CIE 

7243 BLANCO ROAD 
MONDAY thru SATURDAY 8 a rn to 9 p rn. 

SUNDAYS 9 a m. to 8 p m. 

LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 

PLAZA 
SOOPERS 
11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 

CORNER of Naco Perrin and Perrin Bedel 
OPEN 7 a rn to MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! 

WE REDEEM FOOD STAMP CO U PO NS 

THE KING OF BEERS 
BUDWEISER 

GOOD VALUE MEAT or BEEF 

BEER 

HAMBURGER or HOT DOG 
MAGIC BAKE 
BUNS 

* 1977 iCe«nney Co inc 

PKGS. of 8 

ARMOUR STAR 
SLICED 
S1IBACoN8Q, 

FRESH 
GREEN 

I CABBAGE Qc: 

US NO. I COLORADO RUSSET 

ARROW 
CHARCOAL 

VALUABLE COUPON 

ALL PURPOSE 
GOLD MEDAL 
FLOUR 

SAVE 

5o 

5-18 

BAG 

LIMIT I WITH THIS COUPON & $1o OR MORE PURCHASE 
COUPON GOOD THRU TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 
Page T9-A 

?P7vVv-T 
Spread new spring fashion looks. 

 f' / V V A r 

U"> 

•% 
" V 

► v„ 
% ‘ 
-’V A - ' * 

< < ■ 

Sew-up great head-to-toe 
Easter looks. 
Fashion fabrics, at 2o% off. 

Dressy knits. 
Sale 1.59 yd. 
Reg. 1.99 yd. For sewing fashions with flair and minimal care use our crepe look polyester double knit. 
Machine washable, easy care, in 16 colors that say spring 58/6o" wide. 

Ultra Ponte. 
Sale 2.8o yd. 
Reg. 3.49 yd. Perfect knit coordinates for sewing that soft dress or easy pantsuit Easy care polyester features no snagging, no pilling Plus a soil resistant finish. 58/6o" wide. 

Silky knits. 
Sale 3.19 yd. 
Reg. 3.99 yd. Now you can sew a tunic and pants that look like silky linen but wash and wear like polyester. Machine wash, no iron; a touch of luxury in polyester/ silk Solids and coordinating patterns. 58/6o" wide. 

Linen looks. 
Sale 2.39 yd. 
Reg. 2.99 yd. The chance to suit yourself in the biggest look of the year. This crisp linen look is wrinkle resistant, machine wash­ able and easy care Polyester/ rayon; 44/45" wide 

Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

Like it? Charge it. Use your 
JCPenney Charge Card. 
For other home values, shop the JCPenney Catalog. 

 twin 

Clusters of Flowers flourish on this colorful quilted bedspread 
$ 1 9 MI 

'A 

Our most popular size draperies. 
The popular price; 9.88 pr. 

48x84" draperies, only 9 88 pair So you can give your windows that expensive look w ithout the big expense Your choice of gleam ing rayon/ acetate solids, or colorful floral bouquets on sleek all acetate There are over a dozen co lo rstoch oo sefro m . 
H urry in now for this in­ credible low price 
Just 9.88 pr. 

2<o,5.88 
Polyester pillows 

Get soft, gentle support and great com fort from these plum p polyester fiberfill pillow s w ith all cotton ticking 
A fantastic buy. in standard size 
Queen or king size, 2 tor 6.88 

The 

 lightweights with 

 heavyweight cutting 

 power. 

5.99 

Lightweight 

 and comfortable. 
Makes pattern- cutting easy. 
Sharp Slim 

Tapered Blades 

Cuts most any 

 fabric smoothly, evenly 

Polyester thread. 
6 for $ 1 

All-purpose polyester sewing thread in eight popular colors. 225 yds. per spool. 
JCPenney Days 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

 fashioned 

\\ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

• 
-»■ - ■ w o r l d f a m e d 

B R E V E T T A 
T A 

 ii 
T e a r G a s P i s t o l 

» R 
W a 
R E Q U IR E S NO P E R M IT 
I 
■ ! Solid metal construction with bull- 
I dog grips, looks like a real gun. 
Stops aggressor without permanently in* 

I f i f juring him. Gives needed protection for f 
J I people who work in lonely, dark locations. 

I 
^ cen se needed^ but not sold to minors. Fires seven cartridges 

8 
/ I l l gun, ten rounds of tear gas shells, and 
\ 
I l l 
11 shipping costs. Prompt s h i p m e n t . ; % v 
M i 

I 
( { ll 
Insured. We’ve been selling tear gas 
X ^ H m 
I 
^ u a tis s tr fj equipment for the past fourteen years. 
*■ IQT© Brevettata 
Thousands of satisfied customers 

I O R D E R B Y M a T lT fT o m B R E V E T T A T A fl ) e p t T 
I 31o W . 9th St. • Kansas City. M o . 641o5 

I n I Gun Unit 
$17.oo 
Enclosed is 
Name---------------- 
|#G 2 Gun Units (a) $15 ea 
(total $3o) Cl Check for $---------— Address-------------- 
. f ) 3 Gun Units @ $14 5o ea. (total $43.5o) □ M°n*y order ,or * city-------------— 
J [ I 4 Gun-Units @ $14 ea 
(total $56) or charge my state_____________ ____ 
I n 6 Gun Units <© $13 ea..........(total $78) □ Master Charge 
2jp 
_______________ 'S 3 a ^ % 
I n Extra tear gas shells 
$3 for ten □ BankAmericard 
■ Cl Blanks for practice 
$2 5o per IOO Card Number-------- ---------- 
□ Holsters 
............................$2.5o ea. Exp. Oate_____________ 
■ □ Tear Gas Antidote, Bottle 
$2.88 Signature 
\, 

Hug, ice cream is cure 

A WEARY Mrs. William P. Mitchell Jr. of Seattle looks on at left as firemen try to free her son, Danny, 4. The boy fell I 5 feet down the family chimney. Firemen knocked a hole above the fireplace and 

 pulled him free. Danny was banged up, but with a hug from mother, 

 right, and a bowl of ice cream he was okay. — AP Wirephoto. includes. 

G O L O E N F R I E D F I S H F I L E T S 

 fillets of fish. deep fried to a golden tan, plus 

 cream y cole slaw and crispy French Fries. 
Brazil to spu aid from U.S 

ALL YOU 
C I U h 
( IA L M ' . . . 
T f a i V l l 

S E R V E D SU N D A Y & M O N D A Y l l a.m. - IO p m. 

T h e 
Spanish 
Galleon 

6837 San Pedro / 3 4 9 1493 

 in United States military sales credits for the fis­ cal year beginning 
October 1978. 
In a note handed to the 
A mer ican ambassador, 
John Crimmins, the Bra­ zilian foreign ministry linked its rejection of 
United States m ilitary aid to its displeasure over a report prepared by the ( arter adm inistra­ tion for Congress which was critical of the human rights situation in Brazil. 
The rejection of m ili­ tary assistance here is part of the rapidly wor­ sening United States re­ lations not only with 
Brazil, but with other 
Latin American military regimes displeased over the strident human rights taken by the 
Curter administration. 
Argentina too 

Earlier last week. A r­ gentina rejected $15 mil­ lion in m ilitary sales credits from the United 
States after Washington had cut back its military assistance program there for alleged human rights violations. 
Uruguay also rejected all future economic aid from the United States after Washington re­ duced its assistance pro­ gram there on the grounds of human rights 
\ iolations. 
In a note made public 
Saturday, the Brazilian government asserted that the Carter adminis­ tration’s report to Con­ gress on the internal po­ litical situation in Brazil 
“ contained unacceptable and tendentious com ­ mentaries and judg­ ments." 

“ Such an examination, by organs of the North 
American government, constitutes a violation of the priniciple of non-in­ terference which both our governm ents sub­ scribed to in signing the charier of the United Na-’ tions and the charter of the Organization of the 
American States and is a tradition in our bilateral relations," the Brazilian foreign ministry noted. 
“ Braz il has alw ays conducted its foreign re­ lations by the strictest observance of obligations of mutual respect and non-interference in the internal affairs of other countries, which it • considers as the very ba­ sis of international co-p\istence,“ the for­ eign ministry note added. 
In a note made public late Saturday, the United 
\ 
States embassy rejected 
I 
Brazilian charges of in­ terference in domestic affairs: j 
“ The United States gov­ ernment along with j many other governments 
! does not consider con­ cern among nations for j the obscn ain e of human rights, in keeping with j the 
United 
Nations charter and universal declaration on human rights and other similar instruments, to const!- j lute interference in in- I ternal affairs. It is tile v iew of the United States government that concern for human rights tran­ scends national boun­ daries.” 
The report on Brazil has prepared in accor­ dance with United States legislation which re­ quires the executive to inform Congress on the internal situation of any countries that w ill re­ ceive military aid. 
The report has been sent to Congress, and is part of a budget proposal for m ilitary aid to IH countries in 
Latin 
America and elsewhere. 
The Brazilian military regime has often been accused in the past of human rights violations, including arbitrary de­ tentions and the wide­ spread use of torture 
Such accusations have declined sharply during the lust two years under tile government of Presi­ dent Ernesto (ieisel, un arm y general like his ibm* predecessors. 
Short is blamed for lire 
Tire lighters said an electrical short in a ster­ eo was the likely cause of a Saturday night fire that caused $15,ooo i i i da mages to a North Side apartment. 
Firem en said they were called to a third floor apartment ai MMI 
Fairhaven St., occupied by Michael Baker, 2o, at 
6 29 p.m . 
The fire was reported under control eight min­ utes later. Baker, who managed to flee the apartment before fire units arrived, was treated at the scene bv 
E M S technicians for smoke inhalation, fire­ men said 
Bist. Chief Rudy Buen- rostro said the apartment was heavily smoke-da­ maged 

N EW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
HIO DE J.W E I HO - 
The rightwing m ilitary government of Brazil Sa­ turday informed the 
United States embassy that it would not accept un expected $5o million 
Tropical Escadrille by Hart Schaffner 
& Marx 

Here’s a heads-up look for the dashing 

Escadrille® man. Soft shoulders and 

 center-vent styling, in a vested tropical 

 weight suit of Viracle® cloth—our 

 own exclusive Dacron® 

 g p i w k polyester/wool blend. 

I M 
Tailored for spring by 

9' f 
Hart Schaffner & Marx®. 

K 
S 
U 
2 5 o . o o 

 i m s * , m m u c i ut 

 r two r o a m s * a * w ith 
(MWN* mm roots 

MIY 
NO CHOC! outm 

% <Kui i m m 
- 

 fHJttl j 

THE D1ALA-MATIC, HOOVES S 
MOST POWERFUL UPRIGHT CLEAMER ticket* nfWckwty wHk oft Ow W * f t • « w i » N w d w M i t r . C W - 
In saknmM for 
/ ligkt kaf Hot'eta? IwkH MrtM Inrgn 
/ / 
Hu'ow-away bdft - amy t* «tw«o 
/ * 
M tanH ¥im*-Tft-lw*rf* stfw t 
. 
..JR— ^ ^---u 
/ 
W i n n m wspwwp 
J 

Q F|pH i-#omnoH 
I l, 
I C II—I ««• ********** 
/ 
I as I — I 
I 
I 
I j n|wf 
'WuSwr 
/ 
O 
* rf—Ic? M tUmxy tm ai «arp«*t f 
^ 
I 
.—J 
. . U * R ift* ( * * » * « « . 
J 
£ 

 ip ff. ft^ p l $ TM .fS 
/ 
* 
* 
I 

 o h m rn 
Of roots 
AS SHOWN 

U T U M O U W 

Of U G I 
O 

Fresh n e w prints from M o d els Coats 

To make breakfasts brighter and relaxing around the house more 

 comfortable. Models Coats are the perfect answer when you want to be dressed...but not a lot! Shown: zip front border print in pastel 
. poly/cotton, 8 to 18, 

A 
19.oo. Loungewear and Robes. 

Featuring Hart Schaffner & Marx Clothes 

On Alamo Plaxa— Central Park Mall— Windsor Park Mall 
North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon. Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, Master Charge 
BankAmericard, American Express. An (Amine 
Company. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 1977__________ Page 
I -B 
PRECIOUS JEWELS save 25 ^ 

OFF CURRENT APPRAISED VALUATION! 

Joske's Diam ond Salon proudly presents many, many new items in its collection of precious jew els at dram atic savings. The beautiful p ie ce s which are d isp layed here are only a sp arse sam pling of the many exquisite items which we have the pleasure of presenting in this annual spring event. O ur exp erien ced buyers have carefully exam in ed an d valued each item an d have selected the most desir­ ab le p ieces to offer you in this presentation. Most items are one of a kind p ieces an d subject to prior sale We guarantee each piece to b e exactly as represented and our regular Diam ond Salon staff will be g la d to show these beautiful pieces to you. 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

A SELECTION FROM OUR DOWNTOWN SALON 

I. White gold bridal set with a 5 58 carat diam ond an d 4 tapered baguettes 134oo oo value .............................................................. 893o.oo 
2 White gold bridal set with a I 4o carat m arquise diam ond and 4 tap ered baguettes. 39oo OO v a l u e ................ 
2599.oo 
3 
White gold bridal set with a I 71 carat diam ond and IO other diam on ds 2185 OO v a l u e .............................................. 
1449.95 
4 
White gold bridal set with a I 94 carat pear sh ap e d diam ond 
5335 OO value 
. 
355o.oo 
5 Yellow gold ring with 5o carat of diam onds. 375 OO value 239.95 
6 Yellow gold ring with one .69 carat pear sh ap e d diam ond and 
1.31 carat of other diam onds. 1575 oo value ............. 
1o49.95 
7 
Yellow gold ring with 1.33 carat of diam on ds 675 OO value449.95 
8 Yellow gold ring with 6 carat opal, I Vi carats of rubies and 3/« carat of diam onds. 16oo oo value 
........................................ 1o5o.oo 
9 
White gold ring with .86 carat of sap p h ires an d .5o carat of d ia ­ monds. 565 OO value ............................................................................ 375.oo 
IO. White gold ring with 19 diam on ds totaling 2 oo carat 125995 value ............................ 
839.95 
11 
Yellow gold ring with 3 31 carat peridot an d 33 carat of d ia ­ monds. b39 95 value 
425.oo 
12 
52 d ia m o n d s totaling 2.o carat in white gold. 1125 oo value ............................ 
719.5o 
13 
M an's yellow qold ring with 1.36 carat diam ond 
11oo oo value 
............................................... 799.oo 
14, M an's yellow gold horse shoe ring with I oo carat of diam onds 
625 oo value ................................... 
419.95 
15 
White gold pendant with .97 carat pear sh ap ed diam ond and 
I o3 carat diam ond 1o59 ^*5 value 
.... 
699.oo 
16 
Pair of white gold earstu ds with .37 carat of d iam on ds 259 95 value 
169.95 
17. White gold bracelet with 6 oo carat of diam on ds 45oo oo value ............ 
2995.oo 
18. Pair white gold studs with 2 diam on ds totaling I 22 carat 939 5o v a l u e 
.............. 
619.95 

A SELECTION FROM OUR WINDSOR PARK SALON 

19 

2o 

21 

22 

23 

24. 

White g o ld bridal set with a I 2o carat diam ond an d 23 carat of other diam onds. 1675 OO v a l u e ............. 
1o59.95 
White gold bridal set with I 98 carat m arquise diam ond and 4 tapered baguettes. 55oo OO v a l u e ............................................ 
3599.oo 
White gold bridal set with a I 79 carat diam ond and 25 carat of other diam onds. 2889.95 v a l u e ........................... 
1895.oo 
White gold bridal set with .47 carat diam ond and IO other d ia ­ m onds 575 OO value ......... 
379.95 
White gold ring with a I 5o carat ruby, Va carat of m arquise ru­ bies an d 1.oo carat of diam on ds 1775 oo value 
............ 
1179.95 
Yellow gold ring with 1.81 carat em erald and Vs carat of d ia ­ monds. 395 OO value ........... ........................................................... . 
259.95 
25. White gold ring with Va carat of diam on ds 389 95 value 
259.95 
26. Yellow gold ring with I Va carat of diam onds 975 oo value 649.95 
27. Yellow gold ring with a 7.91 carat amethyst and I OO carat of diam onds. 939 95 v a l u e ................................................ 
599.oo 
28. Yellow g o ld ring with 2 5o carat ol d iam on d s 
155o oo value ........... 
!. 1o29.95 
M an's yellow qold ring with I.OO carat of diam on ds 695 oo value ............................ 
459.95 
M an's yellow gold ring with a 49 carat diam ond. 439 SO value .......... 
289.95 
White gold earstu ds with 2 diam on ds totaling I 21 carat 939 5o value . ... 
, 
629.95 
Yellow gold pendan t with a 62 carat diam on d 
575 oo value ............................................. 
379.95 
White gold earstu ds with 2 diam onds totaling 9o carat 735 oo value ............ 
489.95 

DIAMOND SALON 

29 

3o 

31 

32 

33 

A SELECTION FROM OUR NORTH STAR SALON 

34 
White gold bridal set with a 2.45 carat diam ond an d Vs carat of other diam onds. 43oo oo v a l u e ..................................................... 2859.95 
35 Yellow gold ring with a I 28 carat diam ond 13oo oo value 859.95 
36 Yellow gold ring with a 61 carat diam ond and 9 other diam onds 
619 95 v a l u e 
......................................................................... 
4 1o.oo 
37 
6o carat m arq u ise diam on d in white gold ring 6oo oo value ............................ 
399.oo 
38 
White gold ring with 9o carat center diam ond and 2 IO carat of other diam on d*. 2 4 o o o o v * lu « 
1599.oo 
39 White gold ring with I J/4 carat of diam onds. 12oo oo valu e7 9 9 .o o 
4o. White gold ring with a 2 IO carat sapp h ire an d 75 carat of d ia ­ m onds. 1189 95 value ....... 
799.oo 
41. White gold ring with I OO carat of diam on ds 7oo oo value 489.95 
42. Yellow gold ring with a 1.1o carat em erald an d I 25 carat of diam on ds. 15oo OO value ...... 
1ooo.oo 
43. Yellow gold ring with a I o4 carat pear sh ap ed diam ond an d l4 carat of other diam on ds 1325 oo value ............ 
879.95 
44. Yellow gold ring with a 4 8o carat amethyst and 5o carat of d ia ­ m onds 539.5o value ........................................... 
359.95 
45. Man s yellow gold ring with a 94 carat diam ond 1ooo oo value ............................ 
669.9^ 
46. Man s yellow gold ring with 5o carat of diam onds 
389.95 v a l u e ............................................ 
259.95 
47 
White gold pin with I 75 carat of diam onds 115o OO value 759.5o 
48 
White qold pendant with a 1 9 o carat diam ond 
13oo oo value ........... 
865.oo 
49 
White gold earstu ds with 2 diam on ds totaling I 2o carat 935 oo v a l u e ............................................ 
629.95 
5o Yellow gold bracelet with 3 47 carat of rubies an d 2 17 carat of diam onds. 215o oo value .... 
1399.oo 
51 
White gold earstu ds with 2 diam on ds totaling .4o carat 279 95 value 
185.oo 

Illustrations en la rg e d to show detail 

Sundi 

° y 
March 6 I ? / ? 

THE MONEY SAVED 

}¥ £ 2 
§ h o u s f i 

W E A C C EPT 

J 

G o o d H o w 

 tb > V M a r ‘ h 1 
2 
, 1 
9 
7 
7 

*£ CC?i'<Ur 
M i J 

ZStO srAnM J K aw ! 

<2 M 
S r e & / ^ c a c 

^ 
A u n t f t J N 
N y g 
^ 

M h w u b 

 f& oT. t*TSr 

^ ijfw c A A / e & L 

< &s*/Zr 
GAVA/ZtTfOAj mm, (Bmm 

/■ mm 
/ & o z . U 7^ 

 s s a 
& 

7 
« 
• 
! « 

 t 
! S 
L 
§ 
A u c 
E 
. 

 e u Y O 
M e 

• 

3 
7 
* 
» 
“ 
U n c o r n 

, 
8 5 o 
“ 
" 
W 
W 
„ 
, 
. 

1 3 4 o 
C 
A t u e i f c w 
» 

2 
o 
2 o 
A 
U 
S T 
I N l . 

M a 
„ 
„ 
“ 
" 
" 
" 
' 
’ 

 u t t e r 
* 
o 
. 

 r n 

R u t e e r 

 m o m 
&■ /£ ? 
& 

S h a s t a 

'x r r f e t * . 

. ^ 

L 

^ E t r r y 

P r o v e e t > 
_ 
. . , _ 
. 

A 
O 
W 
! a 
& 
T 
° 

S/b & q & - 

£*■ » 
7-T/y z o c rz & y j 

SSS*** 

SIZE 
PRICE PER PAIR 
F.E.T. EACH 
7.oo-13 
2 FOR 43.9o 
1.95 
C78-14 
2 FOR 47.9o 
2.o1 
E78-14 
2 FOR 49.9o 
2.23 
F78-14 
2 FOR 53.9o 
2.37 
G78-14 
2 FOR 55.9o 
2.53 
H78-14 
2 FOR 59.9o 
2.73 
F78-15 
2 FOR 51.9o 
2.4o 
G78-15 
2 FOR 55.9o 
2.59 
H78-15 
2 FOR 59.9o 
2.79 
5.6o-15 
2 FOR 43.9o 
1.77 

JOSKE'S CAR CARE CENTER 
8o3 E Commerce, 227 4343 or 
223*1868 Open daily 8:3o-5:3o. 
Monday and Thursday 8:3o-9:oo 

GENERAL TIRE SERVICE 
841S McCullough. 344*9291 
19o2 S.W Military Dr., 924-4411 
Open daily 7:3o-6:oo 

Lebanese in 
&if truce, seek. peace force 

S_gn_Anfonjg.EXPRESS-NFZ/S^r-Su^day March 6 1977 

C urious cargo delivered to U ganda’s arm y elite 

 lUMRtt (RHUMBS 

SUNOAY 
GRILLED BEEF STEAK 
$ 1 79 
Served with two vegetables 
I 

MONDAY 
STUFFED BELL PEPPER 
W / creole sauce and 
$ I 5 9 two vegetables 
% 

TUESDAY 
CHICKEN AND DUMPLINGS 
Served with 
$ *1 5 5 two vegetables 
* 

WEDNESDAY 
MEXICAN DINNER 
Two enchiladas with chili, fried 
$ I 4 9 rice, beans, tortilla and hot sauce 
X 

THURSDAY 
CALF LIVER 
W/onions and 
$ 1 65 two vegetables 

FRIDAY 
SEAFOOD PLATTER 
2 fried fish sticks, 2 fried shrimp, 
2 fried crab rolls, hush puppies, 
$ 
I o french fries and tartar sauce 
JU 

SATURDAY 
BEEF TIPS AND NOODLES 
Cooked in sauce and served with one vegetable 

4 Sen Antonio 
Locations 

CHILD’S PLATE 
.84 r n 

Uivntt (ANURIAS 

BEIRU T, 
Lebanon 
(A P) 
— 
R ight-w ing 
Christians and Palestin­ ian guerrillas reportedly began a 1o-day truce in 
Lebanon’s last civil war zone S a tu rd a y as P r e ­ sid en t 
E lias 
S ark is sought a joint Arab-Unit­ ed Nations peace force for the area. 
G overnm ent sou rces said the leftist guerrilla high comm and and the 
Christian militia leader­ ship reported to Sarkis before sundown that the cease-fire in southern 
Lebanon was holding fairly well. 
Sarkis had demanded the truce on the eve of his departure for a sum m it conference of Arab and 
A frican co u n trie s in 
Cairo. 
One sou rce said the president felt the pause was necessary to set the stage for putting together a peace force from the 
I lilted Nations and the 
Arab League to stabilize the south permanently. 

Beyond reach 

L ebanon's 19-month civil war was brought to an end in m ost of the country last Novem ber by a 3o.ooo-man Syrian- dom inated Arab peace force. But roughly IOO square miles of territory abutting Israel remained beyond the reach of the peacekeepers because Is­ rael warned it would not tolerate the presence of 
Arab forces there. 
S ark is rep o rted ly w ants an A rab League peacekeeping arm y to move into southern areas to disengage and disarm the rival forces while 4oo 
U.N. observers police the border line to preven t friction with Israel. 
Imam Mousa a1 Sadr, spiritu al leader of the 
Moslem 
Shiite sect, backed S arkis’ dem and for a halt in hostilities as well as his quest for a joint U .N .-A rab peace force. 

Shiites, n u m b erin g nearly a m illion, form the largest single sect of 
L ebanon's 2.8 m illion population. They backed the guerrillas and their leftist allies during the civil war. 

Shiite refugees 

Sadr said the continued southern fighting raised to 12o.ooo the total of 
Shiite refugees fleeing to 
Beirut and other m ajor cities. 
“ T housands upon thousands are living in mosques, woods and even public sq u a re s with hardly anything to shield them against the cold winter that grips the na­ tion,” Sadr said. 
He warned that unless com batants voluntarily laid down arm s he would back any measure taken by Sarkis to subdue war­ riors iii the south by force. 

Sarkis sent his propo­ sal for a joint Arab-U.N. force to Saudi A rabia. 
Kuwait. Egypt and Syria to win their endorsement before seeking a U.N. 
Security Council resolu­ tion. 
Sarkis also is seeking advance approval for the plan from the United 
States. He met Saturday with U.S. A m b assado r 
Richard P arker for the second tim e in th re e days. An official announ­ cement said Sarkis “ kept the a m b a ssa d o r in ­ formed on political and military developments iii south 
L eb an on .’’ 

Where's Sir Walter 
Raleigh 

Britain’s Q ueen Elizabeth gets her feet wet as she walks in the rain in Blenheim, New 

Zealand. The Q ueen is currently on her 

Siver Jubilee tour of the Pacific area. 
— 

AP W irephoto 
U.S. dism isses spy charges by Soviets 

MOSCOW (AP) - The 
U.S. Embassy dismissed a Soviet a llegatio n of spying as “ a classical 

 piece of dis-information” 
Saturday, but dissidents said they feared it signaled a fu rth e r a t ­ tempt to silence them. 
Iii a m a jo r a rtic le 
Friday the governm ent newspaper Izvestia said som e m e m b e rs of the em bassy staff were in ­ volved in a spy ring with 
Soviet d issid e n ts who passed them se c re t military and scientific information. 
An em bassy sp o k es­ man said the article was 
“ interlaced with slander and innuendo and as such we find it unworthy ut any further comment at this time.” 
But the d issid e n ts, especially Jews on whom the attack focused, ex­ pressed concern. A sta ­ tement signed by seven of them said they feared new anti-Semitic repres­ sions, and one of the 
Jews, Vladimir Slepak, added, “ We think there w ill be arrests ” 

H a ra s s m e n t 

Anatoly Sheharansky denied charges that he passed defense industry information to foreigners and said he believed a 
“ special h a ra s sm e n t cam p aign * was und er way, involving searches and psychological pres­ sure. 
S h eh aran sk y , a Jew who has been refused permission to emigrate, said he is followed by a group of plain clothes security men wherever he goes. 
On the day the I/vestia a rtic le a p p e a re d , searches were conducted at the homes of five Jews 
— Alexander Lerner, Ida 
Nude!. Dilia Belen, Mik­ hail Krem en and Boris 
( herno bv Isky , Slepak said. 

D issident lea d e r An­ drei D. Sakharov, phy­ sicist and Nobel Peace 
Prize winner, noted that the Izvestia accusations came on the eve of the 
24th anniversary of Josef 
Stalin s death He said the article was “ disgust­ ing and provocative” and recalled the dictators methods. 
“ The future depends on how decisiv e the forces of public opinion w ill b e ,’’ lie said in a reference to hum an rig h ts sta te m e n ts by 
P resid en t C a rte r and other Western leaders. 

Look to U.S. 

Sakharov's wile 
Ye- lendu. aho an active dis­ s e n t , added, “ The fu­ ture is in your hands, the 
Americans.” 
Slepak co m m e n te d , 
“ We think th is is an answer to pressure for human rights from the 
West. In our opinion, they want to show the 
Western people that the p re ssu re from abro ad makes an opposite reac­ tion.” 

In Leningrad. Jew ish activist Ilya Levin said, 
“ So far this is only a verbal attack, hut it may become serious, with ar­ rests Tlih article sounds like a return to Stalin­ ism.” 

Arina Ginzburg, w tie of jailed dissident ac tu Isl 
A lexander 
G inzbu rg, remarked that the Izves­ tia attack cam e on the sam e evening th a t an earthq uake in E astern 
Europe caused buildings in Moscow to tremble. 

“ S o m e th in g ’s going on,” she said. “ We are on the eve of something ter­ rible.” 

This product has a manufacturer's warranty For a free copy ot the warranty write Joake s* ot Texas*, San Antonio. Texas 782o6 

A UNIT GI ALLIED STORES 

NAIROBI — Once each week a Ugandan Airlines p lan e piloted by an 
American crew takes off from Entebee Airport for the long trip to England. 
There, at Stansted Air­ port. it takes on a curious cargo. 
Well-tailored clothes, expensive w hisky, for­ eign cigarets, gourm et foods, fine wristwatches and stylish sunglasses are loaded aboard. 
This is an odd collec­ tion of items considering th at K a m p a la ’s shops long since have been de­ pleted of essential goods, let alone luxury items. 
Ostensibly the goods are for tourists and di­ plomats who use the du­ ty-free shop, once a posh 
E u rop ean d e p a rtm e n t store, on Kampala Road. 
But with v irtu a lly no tourists and with a di­ m in ish in g d ip lo m a tic corps in Kampala, most of the items never reach th e ir in te n d e d p u r ­ chasers. 
Elite officers 
T hey are d eliv ered instead, usually free of charge, to the officers of 
P re s id e n t Id! Amin s 
21,ooo-man army who, in the past six years, have becom e U g a n d a ’s new elite class at the expense 
Of the civilian population. 
“ You are nothing in 
Uganda today unless you are an o fficer,” said a senior governm ent offi­ cial w ho escaped to Ken­ ya last week. 
“ T he people have nothing. The arm y has everything " 
The o fficers live in well-appointed houses in lovely Kampala suburbs like Lubiri and Kololo 
Hill, drive Peugeots and 
Fiats, own the businesses once operated by Asians, w ho w ere expelled by 

Amin, have fully stocked refrigerators and gener­ ally earn 35 per cent to 49 per cent more than their civilian counterparts. 
Meanwhile, the ordin­ ary civilian population w aits in lines for rationed item s such as s u g a r, milk and meat. Few can afford to drive cars any m ore unless they have relatives in the military 

 who own a gas station. 
Even fewer d are ven­ tu re out at nigh t to a m ovie or a r e s ta u ra n t unless accompanied by a uniform ed soldier they know. 
The money they earn is 
V irtually w orthless be­ c a u se the shops a re closed or nearly devoid of goods. 
Top m ilitary officers 

 are widely known to con­ trol the lucrative coffee sm u g g lin g ra c k e t in 
Uganda. Many of them have authority to confis­ cate property at will and most cabbies do not drive at night for fear of losing their taxis. 
Arm y o fficers also op erate the c u rre n c y blackm arket. For sim i­ lar actions, civilians are 

 summarily executed. 

W estern in tellig e n c e so u rc e s say th e m ili­ tary’s misdeeds have not escaped the attention of 
Amin. But he tu rn s a blind eye to th em , th e so u rc e s said . b e c a u se permitting indiscretions is his way of rewarding and in su rin g the m ili­ tary's loyalty. 

6-cylinder autos 
2477 

8 cylinder cars 3.oo m ore. An expert en­ gine tune-up could m ean better perfor­ m ance from your car! Let our experts do it 
. . . they'll install new spark plugs, conden­ ser, rotor and reset dwell and timing. It could increase your gas mileage! Call for a time-saving appointment! 

Special! 
Petersen car care manuals and magazines 

I 95 
o 9 5 
A 
TO Z 

Choose from subjects such as general maintenance, instructions for repairs, CB radios, vintage autos , . . and much, much more! Learn more about how to treat your vehicles correctly . , , do it yourself with many of these m anuals! 

General's Jet Air III tubeless tires feature a rugged four-ply construction, twin-tread design . . . and power curve shoulders. A great tire for economy- minded shoppers! Blackwall. Whitewalls com­ parably priced. 

25oo Broadway 

THE BIG 
RACKET 
IS AT 
HARWOOD 

DON’T PAY $8o.oo 
TRY THE 
COMPETITOR 
FOR 

 i 
I 
I 

1218 S.W. Military 

OVER SIZE 
BUT LEGAL 
5o% 

MORE 

HITTING 

AREA 

Add-ins Competition 

Steel Tennis Racquet. 

Add-In’s Competitor... the newest in oversized rackets of on unbelievable low price. Constructed of gleaming steel for the strength and feel a power hitter needs. The Competitor's oversized head has So% more hitting area, three times larger sweet spot and is perfectly legal too. It will help you make shots you ve never made before. Strung with hy-sheep nylon at a slightly higher tension, the Competitor responds to the ball for more controlled shots. Genuine leather gap. It s a lot of rocket at a little price. 
TENNIS o Ii lf 
P e r C an 
BALLS *.W *W 
Racquet Porthole I 

/<» 

Special! Jet Air III tubeless tires 
9 qc:9o 
£m FOR OO 
Size 6.5o-13 plus 1.75 F.E.T. each 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 

 rn 
Masked masher 
There is an element of mystery to this year’s 
1,ooo-mile Iditarod Trail sled dog race from An­ chorage to Nome. 
Vasily Zamytkin. said to be from Ayak or 
Sledge 
Island near 
Nome, appeared at the annual Mushers’ Ban­ quet Thursday in a black cloth mask, 
An interpreter denied reports that Zamytkin’s lead dog was four .feet tall at the shoulder. 

; .,*■ .v 
>" - Jgtfc v 
I**- IS-:;- V 
.• :<f..1 . „Ji“ ,. VV- 

M A SK E D M U SH E R Vasily Zamytkin of Ayak the mystery man in this year’s Iditarod Trail sled dog race to Nome, readies for the grueling 1,o49-mile race. 

It’S 
National 
Aardvark 
Week 

It s time for aardvarks. 
“ After all, groundhogs have their day,’’ says the chairman of the Ameri­ can Association of Aard­ vark Afficianados, which has declared this week 
“ National 
Aardvark 
Week.” 

Robert Bogart said the animal with a long snout and donkey-like ears has been overlooked for too long. Their bodies aver­ age four feet in length with a two-foot tail that appears similar to their snouts. 

“ Often, you don't know whether they're coming or going.” he said. 

•■Site 
BRUN O , a seven-year-old 
A lsa tian police d og, is shown with his trainer, 
Constable Ted Bradley, in 
Kidderminister, England, this week after undergo­ ing treatm ent for rat poisoning. The dog ate the poison and began to bleed internally. Bruno was saved as a result of blood transfusions from five other Alsatian dogs and is due back on duty 
Monday morning. 

That’s 
America, man 
Three Allegheny Coun­ ty youngsters are turning a profit from potholes._ 
Each day after school, the youngsters set up a roadside sign along 
Pennsylvania 51 adver­ tising hubcaps. Most of the buyers are passing motorists, including some who lost their hub­ caps in the same area. 
“ W e’ll keep doing it until the drivers stop driving over the potholes,’’ said 
Jill 
McClellan, 12. “ Or at least until they patch the holes.” 
The children’s basic inventory came from a collection of about two dozen hubcaps that Jill’s father. Richard McClel­ lan, had on his front lawn and wanted to throw away. 

 in 
F re d , g o t t a n i c k e l ? 

W H EN E D N A CHILFO NE, a retired waitress, feeds pigeons downtown Seattle, the flock gets so thick some birds alight on nearby parking meters for rest. Police don’t pester the pigeons, even when the birds are guilty of overtime perching. 

Quarter Loin 
Cut Into 8 to 1o 
Pork Chops 

"(•cli of teat* Mtv aftitrt items is ie quirt* to bol rowdily a*attebio for sat* at or below tho abear-1 sad pnet in each stere, eicapt as specifically I noted in flite ad.**_______ 
I 
Little Pig”, Fresh 
Salad Dressing 

Lh. 
Lb. 

Miracle Whip 

All Layer Varieties, 
Betty Crocker 
Cake Mix 

MEAT SPECIALS 
MEAT SPECIALS 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

Boston Butt Cut, Fresh 
Pork Steaks 

Country Style. Fresh 
Spare Ribs 

Heavy Aged Beet, Chuck 
Boneless Roast 

Heavy Agad Beat. Chuck 
Boneless Steak 

Halibut 
H sh 
Fillets 

*jo* 

Lb. 

Lh. 

Lh. 

Lh. 

$1 29 

$1 19 

Lb. $1o9 

Boneless 
Stewing Beef 

Chuck Quality, Lean 
Ground Beef 

Farmar Jones 
Sliced Bacon 

Farmer Jones 
Sliced Bologna 

Fish Fillets 
Black 
Cod 

. 
5 9 * 
$1o9 

Lh. 

12 oz. 
Pkg. 

12-o2. 
P k g. 

* l ,s 

9 5 ’ 

Mixed Vegetables 
Larsen’s Veg-AII 

Golden Best 
Green Peas 

Golden Best 
Tomatoes 

Arrow 
Charcoal Briquets 

Sliced 

Lb.79*1 Bgwwt 
Peaches 

3 ’Si *1 

3 " is *1 

3 ’ss *1 
99c 
1o-Lb. 
Bag 

29-oz. 
Can49c 

Pigsty Wiggly, Fresh Shaded 
Blackeye Peas 

Piggly Wiggly 
Spinach 

Kounty Kist, 
Golden Corn 

Sunshine Saltines 
Kritn Crackers 

Piggly Wiggly 
Chunk 
Tuna 

15-oz. 
Cans 

16-oz. 
Cans 
*1 

*1 

4 
1 1 -o rG l 
Cans 
I 

55c 

I -Lb. 
Box 

6 V2 -OZ. 
Can48c 

M cC all’s 
Q Q C 
VOLUME SEVEN "DESSERTS" 
On Sale Today! 
Only W w 

YOU'LL W ANT ALL 18 J 
.VI* far ‘ 

Cookie Collection • Casserole Cookbook • Practically Cooniest Cookbook • ~ 
Salads it Salad Dressing! • Canes and P ie * ’* Marvelous Meats • Dessert; 
Discoveries • I amity Style Cookbook ••Company.Cuokhonk • Coast to Coast 
Conium • World Wide Coolung • fish'n Fowl • Show Oft Cookbook • Cocktail ■ fmie Cook boob • Home Baned Breads • Boob of Merry latin* • Picnic & Patio 
» ok « un Ahead Party Book 

California Choice, Sur.kist 
Navel Oranges 

4 * 1 

Lb. 15c 

Premium baker 
Russet Potatoes 

 cri* 
- 
Carrots 
4 £ 1 

 large, Sweet 
A 
A 
I 1 
White Onions 
» 3 o 
Washington Infra fancy, Red 
Delicious 
Apples lh 39* 

Frozen Foods 

All Varieties, 
Chef Boy-Ar-Oee 
Frozen 
Pizzas 

Freezer Queen, Frozen, 
All Varieties 
Cookin' 
Pouches 

1 4 - O Z . 
Pkg. 

3 

5 - O Z . 
Pouches 

- , . . , w « , F r e s h 
Dairy 
Homogenized 
Mill# 
Gallon 
I T I 11 IV 
U n til 

Brentwood low Fat 
Milk 
S S 

B o rd e n * 
Cottage 
Cheese 

6 Pack 

Cans 

Powdered 
Tide Detergent 
4B-oz. Si 33 
Box 
I 
Johnsons 
Klean-N-SMne 
S-I3B 
Can 
I 
Fabric Softener 
Bounce 
4o-Ct 
S i 8 8 
Box 
I 
Rusty 
Dog Food 
o u - u . St 
ILI 
Cans 
I 
Hi-On 
Paper 
Towels 
1-ltOli 
Pkg.39* 

17-oz. 
Box 

 raw m fjfi MON-& TUES. BIG BUYS 

DON T FORGET TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CARD—IT S THE FAST. CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 
Looking for value? See us. rew Hil 

Special buy. 

$5 off. 
Leather “ Motivators” for forward action in comfort. 
1397 

Regularly $19 

Nylon tricot foam lining, comfort - padded tongue, man-made sole. 
Men’s D 716-11, 12. 

Stretchable knit polyes­ ter moves with you for super-comfort. Wrinkle free fabric. 
Keeps its great shape. Machine- wash; no ironing needed. 
Classic solids. 3o-4o. 

 each 

Select group of great-looking sport shirts. Choose from this minute prints in assorted tones. Tailored soft, nylon knits, 1oo% polyester fab­ rics, and polyester/cotton blends. 
S,M,L,XL. Limited quantity. 

1.55 off 
Boys nylon boat jacket. 

44 

Unlined reg. 4.99 

Big boys’ style. 

Special buy. 

Mens knit flare slacks. 
88 

Luxury-soft mens knit sport shirts. 

INCREDIBLE LOW PRICE! 

Its water repellent, comes in the bright colors he enjoys wearing. Draw string hood zips away, zip pocket; machine washable. S, M, L, XL. 

WONDERLAND MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 

Fredericksburg Road at'Loop 41o 
IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
Open IO a.rn. until 9 p.m. daily 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
Recreation fete slated 
Surety group aids Seal effort 

WHATS 
:OMING UP IN 
SAN ANTONIO 
THIS WEEK ' 
Bulletin 
Board 
Sixteen girls will compete in the Miss Recreation 
Pageant of the Department of Parks and Recreation at 7 p.m. Wednesday in the Theater for the Per* forming Arts. 
Each finalist won in preliminary competition at one of the c ity ’s com m unity centers and will represent that center in the citywide pageant. 
The w inner will be selected on the basis of personality, poise, beauty and talent. 
Kathy Medina, Miss Recreation 1976, will crown the winner. The Roosevelt High School junior is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Medina. 
The finalists for the 1977 pageant are Gloria 
Bocanegra, Miss Arnold; Dawn Steigleder, Miss 
South San; Dolores Zuniga, Miss Highland Pack- 
Ollie House, Miss Copernicus and Patricia A. 
Arocha. Miss House of Neighborly Service. 
Also. Cheri Kruse, Miss Southside Lions; Yolanda 
Cuellar, Miss Gilbert Garza; Rosemary Ramirez, 
Miss Cuellar; Rosalinda Bautista. Miss Monterrey; 
Sharon Miller, Miss Lockwood; Anna Mejia, Miss 
John Tobin; Sandra Mackey, Miss Lincoln and Irene 
Bosque/, Miss Harlandale. 
Finalists also include Kitty Fraley, Miss Lou 
Hamilton; Mary H. Guerrero, Miss Roving Leader and Donna Harris, Miss West End. 

 completed by July 1977. 
Present services include physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, social services, transporta­ tion, an Early Intervention Program for physically handicapped infants and a special rehabilitation program for stroke patients. 
These services will be offered in the new building with additional services in vocational evaluation, work adjust­ ment. job training and day-care geria­ tric program. 

Members of the San Antonio Assn. of 
Life Underwriters are calling on local businesses for contributions to Easter 
Seal Society of Bexar County. 
They are also offering sponsorships during the E a ste r Seal T elethon, 
March 26 and 27 on KSAT-TV. 
PM Schwing, chairman of the Piaster 
Seal Project, said, “ Every solicitor will be identified by an Easter Seal badge. Members will be visiting bu­ sinesses now through April Kl.” 
The local association has KUO members and is affiliated with the 
National Assn. of Life Underw riters. 
The organization comprises licensed life and health underwriters as well as life and health management and group personal. William Zinsmeyer is presi­ dent of the local group. 
The 1977 Piaster Seal Campaign will continue through April IO. During this period, a widespread appeal for funds w ill be made. 
Mrs. John Steen, campaign chair­ person. said, “ Needs of the handi­ capped and costs of providing export professional care are rising and more money than ever will be needed to continue providing these services." 
The Piaster Seal Treatment ( enter, 
2618 South Pine St., is expanding to include an additional center at 2262 
Babcock Road. Construction will be 

B enefit dance slated 

A benefit dance for a mg hours of last Feb. 2o deaf g irl killed by a as she w alked on an driver will bt' held from 6 overpass on South Loop p.m. to midnight Sunday 
41o. at the Golden Stallion 
A two-dollar minimum western dance hall. donation is asked with 
The hall is at 15oo proceeds going to the 
Ackerman Road. 
12-mem ber Vogel family, 
Vickie Vogel. 19, a 
54o5 Areneson Drive, waitress at the hall, was 
Door prizes will be gi­ llie d in the early morn- von. 
Kelly sets surplus sale 

 at Room 114, Building 
3o3o, in East Kelly on norm al work days between 8 a m. and 3 p.m. 
Ou the day of the sale, potential buyers should report to Building 3ooo, 
Section p\ where regis­ tration will begin at 8 a m. The sale will begin at 9 a m. 
P ark in g will be p ro ­ vided on the day of the sale at the NCO Club parking lot in East Kelly. with transportation and pusses provided into the area from 7:3o a.m. until the end of the sale. 
Flirt her inform ation may be ob tained by calling Evans Marchand at 925-4o27. 

Phenom ena m ovie March 13 
The Defense Property 
D is m a l Office will con­ duct a local spot bid sale of surplus govern­ ment property at Kelly 
AFB on Thursday. 

Items offered for sale, which are now available for inspection, include air conditioners, house­ hold appliances and fur­ niture, pedestal fans, hy­ draulic cylinders, vehicle transmissions, centrifu­ gal m otor and pum p, film chemical starter de­ veloper. cargo tie-downs, sterlizer. flying helmets, parachute canopies and shop equipment. 

For inspection of the property, potential bid­ ders should obtain passes 
Infantry' company reunites 

The 81st Infantry' Ser- first for the group in vice C om pany, which 
Texas, participated in the Faei- 
While here, the group fie Theater during World will tour the city and se- 
W ar II. will hold its ceral of the military in- hiannual reunion here s ta llio n s . Anyone who 
Thursday through next served with the unit who 
Sunday. would Hike to participate in the reunion mac con- 
P e rso n s who w ere tact Mr. or Mrs. Nick members of the unit will 
(o nstanzo at Route I, be coming to San Anton- 
Box 12. Von Ormy 78o73. oin from points al) over 
Tho reunion is expected the United States 
The to draw between 8o and meeting herr marks the iou participants. 

M edal to be displayed 
The motion picture, “ The Prior 
Claim,” featuring natural and scien­ tific phenomena, will he shown at 6 p.m. March 13 at the San Antonio 
Salvation Army Citadel, HO McCul­ lough Ave. 
The film was produced by Dr. Irwin 
A. Moon at the Moody Institute of 
Science at Whittier, Calif. 
A diving spider, plants that trap food. fish that spit and knock insects out of the air for food, various snakes and the chameleon, will be shown in tho movie. 
The show is open to the public. 

LO U IS I. M IC H A EL, Travis Savings and Loan 
Assn. chairman, displays the G eorge Washington 
Honor M edal the association recently received from the Freedoms Foundation at V alley Forge. 
To be displayed starting M onday at the Travis office, the award is given to the best series of 
Bicentennial inspired newspaper adverstisement. 
The Travis series, titled “ The History M akers,” have been recreated in a booklet which will be given free of charge to Travis visitors to the office at 51o9 W alzem Road. 

Paul R. Spellman, pro- 
Spellman, who will also ject a n a ly st for City preview C PS’s plan to 
Public Service, will pre- use coal as a supplement sent an update on the to San Antonio’s energy energy situation at the needs, will address the 
A lam o City 
B uildin g club at noon at E a rl 
Owners and M anagers Abel’s Restaurant. 
Assn. meeting Tuesday. 
________ 

SB^ T mQN. & TUES. BIG BUYS | 
25% off all 
Wards draperies 

Ready-made and made-to-length draperies. 
Buy and hang them today. Or order special lengths up to 
1o8". Wide selection of styles, fabrics and colors. Some machine wash and dry—need no ironing. 

Made-to-measure draperies for a great f it 
For any size window'. Casements to jacquards to sheers in white, pastels or deep tones. Bring in your window mea­ surements Purchase valances at regular low prices. 
SAC lo train cashiers 

Training facilities fea­ ture cash registers, auto­ mated checkout stands, shopping carts and m er­ chandise. 
In stru c to rs will he 
M aurice VVeynand and 
Wally Powers. Fee tor the 3o-hour course is $15. 
Students may register at SAC’s continuing edu­ cation center, 1517 North 
Main Ave. For further inform ation, telephone 
734-7311. ext 345. 

San Antonio College’s 
Division of Continuing 
Education will offer day and n ig h t c ash ie r- cbecker training courses beginning Monday, 

Day classes will meet from 
I to 3:3o p.m . 
Monday through T hurs­ day for three weeks. 

Night classes w ill meet from 6:3o to 9:3o p.m. 
Monday and Wednesday for five weeks. 
D iabetes tests offered 

The West Side Lions 
4o, overweight, a blood 
Club will sponsor free relative of a known dia- diabetes screening tests belie, or wom en who 
S atu rday at C enteno’s have had a baby over 
Supermarket No. 2, 319 nine pounds should be 
Castroville Road, from IO tested. a m. to 4 p.m. 
There should be a lapse 
The tests are under the of 2 hours between the direction of the American last meal eaten and the 
Diabetes Assn., Alamo test 
Area Chapter. 
For fu rther informa- 
Persons who are over 
Hon call 224-2925. 

Fabrics for elegant custom-made draperies. 
Ovor 15oo color and fabric combinations. Our decorator will show you swatches in your home and give you a free estimate. Labor and installation at regular low prices. 

Call 654-2373 for Wards Custom 
Shop-at-Home decorating service. 

Catalog-overstock bedspreads 

Regular 14.99-59.99 

Soviet expert speaks 

 sister Ann Gillen, eve- various religious groups dative director of the Na- during her three-day sta.v rrnnal 
In te rre lig io u s in San Antonio, 
Task F o rce on Soviet 
In 1974, she traveled to 
Jew ry , will speak on 
IU European countries, 
“ Man s Inhum anity to the Soviet Union and ls- 
Man at 6 p rn .sunday at rael on behalf of Soviet 
C en tral 
C h ristia n 
Jew s. 
Iii 
1976, she 
( burel). coordinated the Christian participation iii the In­ sister Ann who is a 
(em otional Conference member of the S o c ie ty of on Soviet Jewry iii Bills- the Hob Child, spoke to sels. 

Beautiful rainlamps 

 turn the mood to m agic 

JBL each 

Regular 69.99 
Estim ating 

San Antonio College's 
Division of Continuing 
Education will offer a course in Basic CoYn- ntereial and Residential 
Cost E stim ating begin­ ning Wednesday 
The c lass will meet 
I ruin 6 3o to 9 3o p.m. 
Wednesdays 
Study will include sitew ork, foundation preparation, slab on till. metal pans, drilled piers, con crete walls, c a r p e n tr y . m illw ork. 

 roofing and finishes. 
The instructor will In* 
Duncan K. M cKinley. 
The $34 'Kl fee includes a 
Soils P rim er and Con­ crete Study Manual. 
The course is offered iii cooperation with the 
G re a te r San 
Antonio 
Builders Assn. 
Students may register ai the continuing educa­ tion center, 1517 North 
Main For further infor­ m ation. telephone 

Mineral oil glide* down nylon filaments creating the illusion of a gentle tropical shower Brass-plated steel base. Oil and 
25-watt bulb md. 12' chain on swag. 

 omaion. 

Soften every step. Use our 
Ward* electric digital alarm clock on sale. 
I OOO-w att professional piatol 

 grip dryer-for fast drying carpet cushion. 
Wards room-size rugs— a smart investment 

We know thai you re thinking of your budget like n**v»t laddie them* day*. Aud demanding nu in- value tor your money So we re ortt-ruig tty* fan tast i. w e ir*'io n of 

 room tut.*- rugs st valuable u v u ic — la many st vie*, filler*, color* They re all ready ti* go today. 

Regularly 18.99 
Regular 18.99 

Regular prices 

SA V I NOW Al WAN Ok LOW PRICES— IT’S 
(iii KS WHEN YOU SAY “CHAJtuE ITT WITH YOUR W ARDS CHARO ALL ACCOUNT 
Th** San Antonio Fire 
I he itbrarv ha ated 
I a* parut lent villi conte to ni sun Pedro Park aero** th< 
San pedro Library from san Vatontu ( ai- 
Satuniav at 2 JO p lit ie de Fur further tutor 
All Children are web mat ton rail |>v ta Fried 
< .aiw mao. «44-U j4 
Let s together m ore 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 _ 

El Pasoans join Galvez group today 

A delegation of civic leaders from El 
Paso, headed by Mayor Don Hender­ son. will be in San Antonio Sunday to be invested into the Granaderos de 
Galvez. 
The ceremonies will be conducted by the Consul General of Spain to Hous­ ton. Erik K. Martel. He will be joined by the Spanish Consul General to New 
Orleans. Mayor Lila Cockrell and other 
San Antonio officials. 
Martel also will present a Spanish flag to Mayor Cockrell for display at the Governor's Palace. 
The G ranaderos de Galvez was founded in San Antonio in 1976 to commemorate the role played by Ber­ nardo de Galvez, governor of Spanish 
Louisiana in the American Revolution. 
The goal of the Granaderos is to emphasize the strong Spanish heritage in the Southwest, to learn more about 
Galvez and his life and times, and to bring about the addition of this phase of Texas and U.S. history to the text­ books,_________________ 

Drive against Dystrophy 

R O O SEV ELT High School student volunteers 
Dave Kasten, left, and John Eddleman will be at busy street intersections to ask for donations 
Saturday for the Muscular Dystrophy Assn.’s annual “ Shamrocks Against D ystrophy.” As- members of the Roosevelt Key Club, the students will give Shamrock tags to those who contribute. 

Let Wards keep you in hot water. 

Save 
*8-*19 
Irish parade is Saturday 

The 1oth annual St. P atrick’s Day Parade, sponsored by the St. P a tric k ’s Day P arade 
Commission of the Harp & Shamrock Society of 
Texas, will proceed through downtown San An­ tonio at 2 p.m. Saturday. 

Sister Margaret Patrice Slattery, president of 
Incarnate Word College, has been named grand marshal for the parade. 

Thousands of m archers, drill teams, bands and floats will participate in the largest St. 
Patrick's Day parade in the Southwest United 
States. 

W ards 32-pc. standard or metric tool set. 
Save $1IO 
W ards best 1ox7* barn building 

Unassembled 

~ m 
R«*. 27.SS-39.61 
Sold Separately. 

With 13 sockets, spinner handle, adapter. 
V ’ dr. reverse ratchet, extension bar, tool box, spark plug socket, 13-piece hex key set. 

8-ft. peak height for plenty of headroom. Steel frame reinforces galvanized steel wall panels at top and bottom. 
Polyester enamel finish in red or green. 469-cu. ft. storage area. 
279.95 barn building 
____ 199.88 

Mayor Lila Cockrell will sign a proclamation I 
Tuesday declaring Thursday through March 17 
Irish Appreciation Week in San Antonio. 

The parade will follow a new route this year. 
It will begin at 2 p.m. at Avenue E and Brook­ lyn. proceed south to Houston Street, go west on 
Houston and disband at Cameron and M artin streets. 

A w reath-laving cerem ony will be held at noon March 17, in front of the Alamo, to honor the Irish who died there. 

REGULAR 249.95 
*5o off. 
Wards lightweight tough 3%-hp tiller. 

Expert installation available. 

Save 
*1o-*15 
[a1 Better 3o-gal. m odel. 
Two-step input heats 2Cr more water than good model. 
Fiberglass insulation. Glass- jm q o tined tank. Hi-temp safety 
I I l t l cut-off 
X v r “ 
129.99, 4o-gal. . 114.88 
W * " 1* 119 99 

Following the brief wreath-laying ceremony, 
Irish dancers and bagpipes will perform on the gazebo at Alamo Plaza. 

The Irish Cultural Society of San Antonio will hold its second annual St. Patrick’s Day festi­ vities on March 18 at St. Matthew’s Hull. 1o7o3 
Wurzbach Road. 

Beginning at 6:3o p.m ., the program will in­ clude two groups of Irish traditional dancers, a 
, one-act play and dancing to the music of Leroy 
Grohman’s Combo. 

Moue! 39oo2 
Your choice: Early Am erican or glass center chandelier. 
Regularly 239.99 

IU Wards finest 3o-gallon 
Heats 39*7 more than good model. Stainless steel inlet, 
. copper-lined nipples, brass j drain valve. Glass lined tank. 
I 
154.99, 4o-gal. . 134.88 
Regularly 144 

Compact and easy to handle. 
Rugged Briggs & S trattn engine. 
8 double ll* steel tines till 12-17- 
22" furrows. 

^ 
. M i each 
■BHB 
XL 
REC 34.99 39 99 

Antiqued brass finish, wood column colo­ nial style or polished brass finish, etched glass shades with glass center column style. 
Restaurant will feature 
French m otif 

Value cultivator 
WEED EATER’ 
EDGER/TRIMMER 
ALL-PURPOSE 
FERTILIZER pw lawn len to 

REG. 89.95 

You can trim, edge or mow without using blade*. 4 amp perma­ nent magnet electric motor- Heavy-duty. 

Irovd 

Special buy 

Wards 12 6 6 formula fertilizer helps bring out the full color iii lawn, garden and tree*. 
Easy to use 4o lb. bug. 
12-44 fertilizer with iron, sulfur, 4.88 

Save *3 

WELDED 2x25s-lN. MESH FENCING 

16-ga galvanized steel 
_ 
_ _ wire. 5o’ roll, 36 high. 
J 
/ O 
U 
4*" (ugh. rag. 19 99 
. . . . IS SS 
X M 
REGULARLY 15.99 

Your choice. 
Do your gardening with Wards tools. 
Sturdy tools have chrome- plated blade*, walnut fin- laked hardwood handle*. 
“ y 
Regularly 79f em. 
SAVE *1o 
Value 
ALL-PURPOSE 
CARDEN BARROW 

StaamlMK tray 
_ 
_ 
__ hold* 4 en. ft. 
O Q 8 8 
IV 
<S»m»t*r 
*J eJ pnaumaiK tire. 
REC. 4f.99 

Wards multi- 
California ro 
U*e for park. w ay*. play 
■reaa. gardens 
3 cubic levi 

4 x25‘ corrugated edging for your lawn. 
Smooth, safety o 69 edge. Soil-gnp aluminum pre- Reg. 3.49 vent* inching 

Assortment of flower and vegetable seed*. 
Save on this 
»peel a1 asnort 
# 
P ig ­ ment of fre*h Reg. low garden ated* price. 
25% off* siding s3-$4 off. Interior or exterior latex. 
W ards durable and b VS'-- I; trouble-free siding. 
WSBSzx. 
To keep th a t “ freshly painted” look w ithout the bother of painting, install Wards siding. It beautifier and meres*** f f the value of your home. 

W ards vinyl aiding. 
Our aluminum siding 
Insulates home against Wont peel or chip. Avail, heat or cold. W'ood-gmined in vertical or horizontal, or smooth textures. colors and textures. 

Gallon 

“Life”, reg. 11.99 gallon 
I-I oat interior life applies easily, neatly. Dries fast to a washable flat finish. Soapy water cleans it up. 

“Silicone Acrylic” reg. 12.99 
One-coat exterior paint. In non-chalking white, it dries to a blister resistant fiat finish Easy soap and waler clean-up. 

Call for free estimate*: 
W O NDERl>N D 
.......... 654-2374 
M C C R E L E S S 
. . . . . . . 654-2574 
WINDSOR PARK 
. . . . 6 5 4 * 2 7 4 

* Materiels only • installation extra 

BE SURE TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARO ALL CARD ALONG—IT S THE MOST CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 

M O N T H .O M L K Y 
Value hunters call us home. uiW y ll 

 and u lute fem ale duck one carried, the Hixsons said no, 
That * when one of the men pulled out a pistol and asked (or money, police said. 
The assa ila n ts 

 the Far south side ami found Steve Hutton. 24, carrying a duck. He was charged with armed rob­ bery and beld in a police lockup The duck vias being held in the police stations' dog pound 

2 HUGE 
WAREHOUSES 
LOW OVERHEAD 
SAVES YOU 
MONEY 

UrlN 
TU ES. I o 'Til. 9 
CIOSID IO IHI PUBIIC ALI OTHO 
TO THE T H U R S . I o 'T IL 9 oAY5 1XC1PT IO* SPKIAt OPINING! 
PUBLIC 
SAT. I O ' T i t 2 
WHIN AOVIRTISID 

ALL SALE PRICES IN THIS AD G O O D THRU 
MARCH 12 - OR WHILE SUPPLIES LAST 

GROCERY, CLOTHING 
ANO DAM AGED FREIGHT R A R O A IN * 
UNITED FREIGHT SALES • 

 r ? 
' 
'VI QUEEN M 

 ii ■nap »* ■ 

Poge 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S- 

 m 

Sundoy March 6__1 977 

I 

W ho ca lle d ca b ? 

TAXICAB remains parked in the living room of a Houston home more than 24 hours after it went out of control and crashed into the frame house. No one was hurt but the driver was ticketed for colliding with a fixed object. Resident Isabel Rodriguez is pictured amid ruins. — AP Wirephoto. 
IO in Miss San 
Antonio finals 

Ten local beauties will vie lop the 
• title of Miss San Antonio at 8 p.m. 
March 19 at Theater San Antonio in 
San Pedro Park. 
The winner will Im* determined after the 111 girls participate in swimsuit, evening gown and talent competitions. 
These finalists were selected from a field of 52 competitors in the preli­ minary competition Saturday. They were judged on talent, swimsuit com­ petition. poise, personal interview and overall general appearance. 

'Tfi** loris* un* Le*- Ann Bales*, daughter of Mr 

 and Mrs. Robert I) Bales of HSII Pmeridge 
Road; Kathryn Mary Hailey, daughter of Mr and Mrs Arthur Ii Kmlev of ‘HO Roval Oaks 
Drive. Beverly Fay Flores, daughter of Mr and 
Mrs Fred VV Flores .lr of WH Bloomfield St 

Mso. Nancy Ann Nickell. daughter of Mr and 
Mis Roy ( Nickel! of J12 Leisure D m e, Dolores 

Theresa Y idal. daughter of Mr. and Mr- Lloyd 
I Vidal of aKla Sun Country St : Hilary Anne 
Hocked, daughter of Mr and Mrs Boh I 

Pocket t of UM Pinewood Lane. 
Deborah Ann Kendall, daughter of Mr and 

Mrs David VY Kendall of 12247 Welcome Drive 
Sharon Ann Parker, daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
Oscar D. Parker of 24ti Grew haven Drive; Lisa 
Brook Rohan, daughter of Mr and Mrs Piton 
Rohan of 4346 Summer Sun St., and Susan k 
W illiams, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. .tames I 
Williams of Ilk Monticello Court, were also selected 

Tickets to the competition are $1 and may be purchased at the McCreless siiopping Center Promotion Office or at the door. 
Judges for the competition are B. 
Don Magness, chairman of the board of the Miss Texas P ageant in Fort 
Worth: Sam Brown, executive director of the Miss Texas Pageant; Suzanne 
Garrett Roberts, former Miss Austin; 
Renee Presley, former Miss San An­ tonio. and John C Taylor, owner/pub­ lisher of Trans-Texas Publishing 
Company in Seguin. 

BEDDING DISCOUNT 

Mozart weekend is m usical but uneven 

Bv JAMES CONELY 

A satisfying Mozart weekend began Friday evening with the first of two performances of the 
“ Solemn Vespers” and 
“ Requiem ” i i i T rin ity 
University's Parker ( Im­ pel 
The San Antonio t horal 
Society ga Y e the concert under the direction of 
Henry Holloway 
The concert began w itll w itty and inform ative commentary by Dr. Amy 
Freeman Lee on Mozart, these works and the choral society. It was a learned and Untenable introduction that height­ ened anticipation of the music. 
O verall the perfor­ mance was exacting and for the most part very musical But it was also uneven. 

Chorus veiled 
The sound of the chor­ us seemed veiled, which m ay In* due partly to the chapel’s acoustics and partly to an unequal ba­ lance between orchestra and chorus. Curiously. the parts were clearer and words more easily understood in the “ Re­ quiem ” than in the 
“ V capers," 
But at the same time. the chorus and orchestra each had good blend and control of the music. The orchestra i i i particular must be noted as provid­ ing the best accompaniment for any of the society's concerts within the past year. 
Still, the orchestra did not seem lo follow Hill-1 low ay s tempo changes with absolute precision, aud while intonation was! generally good, the vio­ lins disagreed on exact pitches in a few parts of the “ Requiem 
Holloway might also have nude a greater in­ ter ryet ive difference between certain lyric ami dramatic sections of both works. The same phras­ ing, tempo, aud volume prevailed in all of the quartets arid most of the choruses. 

Review 

 the “ Requiem” tempos and phrasing were regu­ lated and logical. B a ­ lance was good. M or­ eover. the fugue subjects 

 were very clear and well controlled. It was. in short, excellent. 
Purists might demand more, but all together the concert was a worthwhile performance of some of 
Mo/arts’s most inspirer music. 

BEDDING DISCOUNT SALE INCLUDES 
ALL SIZES OF BEDDING FROM 
NAME BRAND MANUFACTURERS 
2Q YEARS ORTHO (limited w arranty! 
; 5 YEAR INNERSPRING} 
(LIMITED W A R R A N T Y ) A N D 
5 
FOAM MATTRESS AND FOUNDATION SETS 
KING SIZE 
MATTRESS 
AND 
FOUNDATION SETS 
S. * * * * * «* 
As 

OFF MANUFACTURERS RETAIL PRICE ON 
MISMATCHED OR SLIGHTLY 
DAMAGED FLOOR MODEL BEDDING 
(THIS IS E S H - REPEAT____ 
USED BEDDING AND HAS 
NEVER BEEN SLEPT ON.) 
WHEN YOU SELL AND DISPLAY 
AS MUCH BEDDING AS WE 
DO EACH YEAR— THIS TYPE 
OF SALE IS NECESSARY 
TO MAINTAIN PROPER 
STOCK ROTATION SO 
WE’RE 
PASSING THE SAVINGS 
ON TO YOU. 

FINE QUALITY 
BEDDING 
1459 
Retail Values 
Now Discounted 

BUNK BEDS 

IikIu4»s 2 hoodbuordv 2 feet boards, 2 sots of stool rods and tad- 

THE 
ANDERSONVILLE 
TRIAL 

6 :o o 
T H E S T R A U S S F A M I L Y t V 
, 
Th* vihpm-part djfama about the .musical 
S'Vauw ;i fam ily ^begins with'* Jolw nn 
Strauss’ marriage to Anna. 

7 ;3 o 
P R E V I N A N O T H E P I T T S B U ^ i ^ 
A ,Concert of Tchaikovsky end Stravinsky features “ Tchaikovsky's Buffo Concerto 
Alo *1 in $ 
Flat M in o r" with sol bi st 
Horatio Gtrtierre/, a recent p f . . . w i t t i e r 
; m ollie prestigious Tchaikovsky ,Cbmpe litlon and Stravinsky's suite fr<5m 7‘The 
F ire b ird " 
. 
.. 
. 

8.4b 
THI PALL ISER S 
Flantayenet s political fortune* are on the rise and Glencora Incom es a stylish 
London hottest in this elaborate series about life in Y/ictorian England. 

 p bb 
T H E A N D E R S O N V I L L E T R I A L 
< 
George C Scott directs Richard Basehor, 
• 
Jack 
C«ftsjdy and 
W illiam Whether m 
Said Levitt's Em m y Aw ard veining Q vd 

A - 
W a r U r a n i a . 
J 
' 
. 
*r V.A. A* ' 

QUANTITIES ARE LIMITED 
ALL SOLD I st COME - I st SERVED 
JUST 

UNITED DISCOUNT 
FURNITURE GUARANTEE 

LIMITED TO CONDITIONS BELOW 

WE GUARANTEE** THE LOWEST FURNITURE 
PRICES OF ANY FURNITURE STORE ANYWHERE 
REGARDLESS Of ANY TYPE SALE (MERGER 
SALES, END OF MONTH, CLEARANCE OR ANY 
OTHER SALE). 

**ff YOU CAN FIND ANY NEW FURNITURE AT 
ANY STORE, ANYWHERE THAT BEATS THE PRICE 
OF ANY FURNITURE YOU BUY AT UNITED 
DISCOUNT FURNITURE WE WILL REFUND TO 
YOU 12o% Of THE DIFFERENCE. (CONDITIONS: 
( I) PRICE CONFIRMATION IS REQUIRED (2) 
MUST BE WITHIN 3o DAYS OF PURCHASE (3) 
MUST BE AURE AND Of SAME BRAND AND/OR 
MODEL NUMBERS). 

HOLLYWOOD STEEL 
FRAMES — ?$£. 
$ 
RECEIVED 

WHILE THEY LAST 
WITH ANY SET OF 
BEDDING PURCHASED 
DURING THIS SALE 

Soloists 
C learly outstanding u ere the soloists so­ prano 
Irene Aguilar, contralto Samira Peters. tenor I) K Swedberg ami b ass George G ile s All four have resonant voices. They sang ex­ pressively and were technically competent 

Som etim e* the best j iv ami 
S> Iii bests id Mills!! al re sources ut a enliven cullies .if I tic e m f a m l i i 
L 
In the I mal » horns of J * 

GR€flT THINGS 
F6STIVRL 77 
MARCH 4-2o 
KlRN-TVm 

K IR N -T V 
Baa 'M M I Auttin 7o712 
Bos 9 Sort Antonio 7o791 

I would Ilk# lo IwtvAM « ma*abo* 
F sclooart a my cliack tar 

□ • 1 6 
o o 2 6 
O R A B 
G 6 1 o o 
AM mambo* • roc ow# # lull yoor* tokocr i^bao ta ito 
Chwtml 9 mortally praerwm outdo, THE SCHEDULE, 

ADDRESS- 

C IT Y _____ 
ST ATE 

 insyan 
CREDIT 
AVAILABLE 
A U YOU NEED IS ONE OF 
THE FOLLOWING CARDS . . . 
• MASTERCHARGI 
• BANK AMER ICARD 
• DINERS CLUB OR 
AM. EXPRESS 
• 18 OR OVER 
• EMPLOYED 
• VALID DRIVERS LICENSE 
• HAVE LISTED PHONE 

SEVERAL SHIPMENTS OF 
FINE WOOD ARM LIVING AND 
DEN FURNITURE - LATEST 
FABRIC STYLES. 
ALL AT THE 
GUARANTEED* LOWEST 
PRICES ANYWHERE 
CHOOSE FROM 1oo’S OF LIVING DINING 
BEDROOM AND DEN GROUPS FROM 2 
HUGE LOW OVERHEAD WAREHOUSES 

AU MERCHANDISE SUBJECT TO PtlOR SAU. AU SOLO 
ON A UT COME . U t SERVI BAUS. WE RESERVE THE 
RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES ON AU MERCHANDISE 
SOME MERCHANDISE MAV NOT BE EXACTLY AS 
SHOWN 
NOT RfSPONSIBU FOB TYPOGRAPHICAL 
ERRORS THAT MAY APPEAR IN THIS AD 
I ST COME — I ST SERVED 

SEWING MACHINES 

Floor 
S a m p le s, 
P em o n stra to rs...S cratch e d , 
D ented, 
Nicked...Discon«inued m o d els a n d sty le s...A ll in excellent co n d itio n ...m an y are perffect...Shon E arlv 
CAD D Y 
MA DDM AMK u . . . 
^ ^ 
~ 
I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 9 7 7 

$Sb ]AM Sot 
BUILDING MATERIALS 
BEDROOMS 
DINING ROOM 

RUGS 

CARPET REMNANTS 
CHAIRS 
MATTRESS A 
BOX SPRINGS 
FURNITURE 

DISHWASHERS 
LIVING ROOMS 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M a rch 6 1 977 

Ba nkam im icm o 

O PEN M O N .-SA T . 9 A .M . - 1o P.M . 
We’ve Slashed TV Prices! 

 you’ll have to see ’em to believe these prices! 

13-in. portable color television 

•1oo% solid state circuitry. 
•Black stripe screen— slotted mask for sharp pictures. 
•In-line gun picture tube. 
A A I D 
I A N O 
•9o sq. in. picture. 13-in. diagonal measure screen. 15-243. 

***»*»«*'* 

 s i s * • • • » * * 

B l i K m 
Hi 

 k i f J I I 
IV Psi A l I t ) Psi A I 

I t l l l l l l l l l 11 l l l l l l l l l l t l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l ll IIH SIHI lf 
IIIIIIH Illll 
^ H U I H U I 

TT 

M i d l a n d 
VW' Mi l whAin ii aai 
13.6-in. black & white portable television 

• All «Ol«o » !« • C h M *i« 
• ^'earning whit* high impact cdSMdt. Stack 
♦font palpal 

• 13# m diagonal m aaau 'oacraan 
•Kayad automatic gam control 
•V M I telescoping and U M I loop antennas 

\ 

CL 

Ai!I D L A N D 
I N A I I U N A I 
19-in. solid state color television 

J V 

• 1oo% solid state circuitry 
• IS S sq m.picture i9 m diagonal measure screen 

• Positive detent tuning on an VHP UMP channels 
•walnut grain metal cabinet 1&-2oo 

DON’T MISS THIS ELECTRoPHoNIC 
SPECIAL! 

 i m 

 console stereo 

•36-in. wide. 
•AM/FM, FM stereo radio. 
•Automatic record changer. 
•8-trk. tape player. 
•Smart Mediterranean cabinet styling. 

FOSSO* Copyright O w be Stores inc Price* dHgeti ch 13 i | I t We t 

SP O N SO R ED by the Discover Texas Assn., a traveling display featuring a pan oram a of the contrasts of Texas opens Tuesday at W in d sor Park M all 
Texas exhibit opens Tuesday 

A multi-panel pictoral exhibit spon­ sored by Discover Texas Assn. will open at noon Tuesday in Windsor Park 
Mall, kicking off the upcoming travel season. 
The exhibit, which was the result of a year long research effort between 3M 
National Advertising and DTA, is the beginning of a two-year m arketing effort by DTA. 

Consisting of 15 units, it features a 
12-color scroll of transparencies on each exhibit of places to stay, eat and be entertained in Texas. 
DTA is a statewide, non-profit, asso­ ciation of tourist attractions designed to sell Texas. 

Eighteen Texas cities will be parti­ cipating in the exhibit featuring ap­ proximately 15o places of interest to visitors and Texans. in addition, a member of the Dis­ cover Texas Assn. staff will be on hand with request forms for more specific information. 
After a stay in IO other shopping malls throughout Texas, the exhibit moves to C anada. 
DTA C hairm an R obert Conwell, executive vice president of the Corpus 
Christi Convention and Visitors Bur­ eau. said this effort is designed to acquaint Texans, Southwesterners and 
Canadians with things to see and do in 
Texas. 
Love, death, life goes on in soaps 

Did you miss your favorite sopa opera last week? Here are the h igh lights 
Of last week's epi­ sodes. 
ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Anne went off the deep end when she discovered 
Beth died xx hilt* Paul ba­ bysat. Joe suspected it was a crib death, while 
Clay suggested it might have been n eglig en t m urder. After catching 
Benny fooling aro u n d with the upstairs maid, 
Brooke agreed to go on a w eekend trip w ith 
Danny. 
ANOTHER WORLD: 
Evan complained that his 
F inley a r c h ite c tu ra l competition sketch had been stolen. Angie a c ­ cused Willis, but Dave found it in Gwen’s port­ folio, where Evan had planted it. Vera decided to give the assiguemnt to 
Owen and Willis. Shar­ p i e underwent therapy w ith Dr. Gun in. but Buss blew it by insisting on being p re se n t d u rin g sessions. Brian told Mac he was interested in Iris as a friend. Iris invited 
Corinne to be her house- guest. Jim offered Ada consolation. 
AS 
THE 
WORLD 
TERNS: 
Susan w as picked up for drunken driving and resisting a r­ rest. Grant came to her defense since she’d only been sitting in the car. 
John committed the kid­ napping in a superm ar­ ket, while Pat drove the getaway car. Joyce grew 
I ran tic that Don was plann in g to leave for 
Switzerland on company business. Val told Kim that she'll get her respect back by getting the most respected man in town. 
Boh. 
DAYS OK OCR LIVES: 
Rebecca and Bougie left 
Robert to go to California with Johnny. Karl told 
Sharon th e r e ’d be no m ore gam e-playing in their lives, but he refused to tell her what he does to earn his money. Mike told Trish he ll take carv­ ol her with love after she became baby Usa again. 
Tom was considered as the new chief-of-stuff, but the head of the hospital 

I oap s 
Opera 
Review 

By ION-MICHAEL REED 

 board, Bruce Jam ison, who’s an old friend of 
Amanda’s, intimated his preference for Greg. 
THE DOCTORS: When 
Barney returned home from the hospital. Luke m oved out. Kyle told 
Maggie he had a blind wife. Janet, who's using her handicap to keep him. M J. returned to find Steve and Ann en­ gaged. Nola warned Luke against falling for Elean­ or. 
THE 
EDGE 
OF 
NIGHT: 
A d isg u ised 
Darcy came to town in­ tent on fin ish ing off 
Nicole, who was told she needs complete bedrest until the baby is born. 
Johnny and Laurie r e ­ turned from San F ra n ­ cisco to learn Nancy and 
Mike are considering a divorce. Ansel told Na­ dine he must be Saxon’s serf because Ansel's em ­ pire collapsed and he needs the money. 
GENERAL 
HOSPI­ 
TAL: Steve begged Mark to defend his own past to the board of directors. 
Heather took an overdose of pills. After returning with Laura, Lesley asked tor tim e to co n sid e r 
Rick s m arriage propo­ sal. Lee and Steve agreed 
Tommy should stay with 
Tom for now . 
GL IDING LIGHT. Rita admitted to Mike that she was with Roger when 
Cyrus died. Hope tried to convince Ann not to leave and that Mike needs her. 
Sara asked E m m ett to consider becoming J u s ­ t in ’s c o n su lta n t until 
Emmett is well enough to return to his own clinic. 
Holly suggested Ed tell 
Rita that ( hristina was 

 fathered by Roger. 
LOVE OE LIFE: 
Mio told Ben she was respon­ sible for J im ’s death be­ cause of an argument. A mysterious stranger. Mi­ ch ael 
B lake, ren ted 
Rick’s garage apart­ ment. 
Arlene decided to live up to 
T o m s tram p image of her and she went gambling with 
Ian. Ben told Betsy it would he best to forget him forever. 
ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Matt turned lo Dorian when Joe fired him, after 
Matt tried to tempt Joe with a bottle of booze. 
Karen told Lana that she thinks s h e ’s pregnant. 
Cathy assured Will that 
Pat won t be able to use 
Brian to take Tony away from him. 
RYAN HOPE: 
Jack insisted that he didn't want a baby, especially by the Le boyer te c h ­ nique, and begged Ju m ­ bo to testify that Jack had alw ays w anted a c h ild le ss m a rria g e . 
Faith offered to raise Dee and Bat's child, but Dee insisted she would marry 
Pat. 
SEARCH 
FOR 
TO 
MORROW: 
Steve got a job with s in g e r Kitty 
M e rritt, who put the m ake on him as Liza planned a surprise visit. 
Boh and G ary begged 
Greg to perform Cindy's surgery. After the jury went out to deliberate 
John’s case. Dave asked 
Stephanie’s help in prov­ ing that J e n n ife r has gone over the brink with madness 
THE 
Y O C NG 
AND 
THE RESTLESS: Brock was co n cern ed about 
JoAnu aud Kaye's rela­ tionship. Sexually r e ­ bill led by P eg. Ja c k turned to J o A n n , who an sw e re d his needs. 
Stuart learned that Je n ­ nifer is se rio u sly ill, 
Snapper was booked for murder. 

 lf you hove a question of about your favorite soap opera, p le ase write to 
SO A P O PERAS, The Son 
Antonio E xp re ss-N e w s, 
P.O. Box 2171, San An­ tonio, TX 7 8 2 9 7 . H o w ­ ever, questions asking for personal replies cannot be answered. 
Goodwill, scouts join effort to aid handicap 

ASSURANCE IMAI 
D 

Two United Way Agencies are neurly ready for their 25th annual combined effort to help the handicapped people of San Antonio. 
Each spring members of tlx* Alamo 
Area Council. Scouts of America, turn out on Good lurn Day to gather m a­ terials for Goodwill Rehabilitation 
Serv ice. 

“ Both Goodwill and the scouts are 
United Way Agencies,” said Sum Ma­ drid Jr., United W ay president “ Their joint project is an excellent example of people helping people, all for the bet­ terment of our community," 
The scouts will distribute the Good 

Turn Day bags Saturday. Housewives are asked to fill them with usable clothing, shoes or small appliances, and have their filled bags on their dixH'slep by lf a.m. March IB. 

Thai is the day the scouts come back to pick Up Hic lilied bags aud see that the materials get lo Goodwill. It is used lo tram the handicapped for lobs 
In private industry, so they may lead fuller urn! m ort meaningful lives. 

Scouts in each of the seven districts plus members of the Explorer District will distribute more than too OOO bags throughout Bexar and surrounding cornute*. 

Your Choice of 4 Styles 

 in l l fabrics! 

94 3 C O L I S E U M 

CHENILLE 
PRINT 

Really 
Handsom e 
Decorator 
Sofas 

NYLON 
& 
PRINT 

N o t all loveseats 

 in ail fabrics 

1 HEAVY 
HERCULON 

Please Hurry! It's 

 all subject to 

 prior sale! 

Your choice of tw o table styles in tw o finishes! 

Regularly *49.95 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

>r— r- 
■o ZI 
C33 
O o 
5 en rn HOI 
>* 
SF® 
H o 

© vt 

EflSBIIBMj 
B 

IM I 

O 

Hi 

V 
I 
% 
’ w 
• • 

 o 

 r n 

V 
I o 

V 
I 

 en 
V 
I 

V 
I 
V 
I 

""o 
JO 
HI o 
5o s s 
JO y* 
V B 
V B 

 o o o o o o 
* iii* ;J : 

O 
O 

O 

 r, rr> / ; a 

© 

 z 
© 

 v t 

 s 

 tm* * 
Hr : f " A \ t 

L: 
o \ \ 
*-'• 
S’ v \ 

5o © -rn 

V 
I 
Ut 

OO s 

; K U * < 

 ni m 

J* 
- 
^ 
H i 

P Z a g O m \ 
Z 2 ™ 
" l l 
/ rn C | A 
¥ 
■ . 

S < 
" 
- - I 
S i 
£ i l 
£ rn 
^ 
O ut p w o 
* Z ■ a 5 
Cs rn: 
I 
I 

 u > 

H 
> 
© 

W 
O - " 

V I 

■ O i 

OB O 
] > 
*< V T I p . 

* j 

 s 
# 
S 
5 
o 
S 
B 
I 
2Si>ol 
S rn (A 

O 
£ > O ' 

CO N 

 u 
5 
O > 
O Z a a 
A r n 
IO 

> 

 w» J 

O O I 
V 
I o 

 en o 

" T J 

V 
I 

 n r 

-C A - _ 

6 PACK 
CANS 
129 

PEARL 
BEER 

> z 

- H 
* 
# 

 c 
6 
*o S 
5 o 
Cl fNl 
• 
* 

O 
' 
B O 
O 
O 

V 
I 
4fc 
N 
O 
•A 
N O 
4% 

V 
B 

- J 

 o * 
.el « ------- vi a p O 
Jp* 
MT 
VI 
"JMP 
5 V f t S 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday M arch 6 1 9 7 7 

5 ,o o o to attend forum 

More than 5.ooo high school and junior high students will be in San 
Antonio T hursday, F riday and S atur­ day for th e rOth a n n iv e r s a r y P an 
A m erican S tudent F o ru m of T exas convention. 

It will be th e largest convention the youth organization has ever held, ac­ co rd in g to a s p o k e sm a n fro m the sponsoring Good Neighbor C om m is­ sion of Texas. 

Them e of the convention, to be held at the Convention Center, will be “ F if­ ty Y ears and We Have Only B egun.” 
M em bers from m ore than 2oo chapters will attend. 
M emorial High School of San Anton­ io will be host school for the opening day of activities. The school's Stage 
Band will provide entertainm ent, be­ ginning at I p.m . 

Highlight of T h u rsd ay n ig h t's acti­ 

 vities will be th e N eche de T alentos 
(Night of T alen t), at which tu n e s e ­ veral schools will present skits, at the 
Theater for the P erform ing Arts. 
S p e a k e r of th e T e x a s H o u se Bill 
Clayton of Springlake, will be the fea­ tured speaker, at 9:3o a.m . Friday. 
Another highlight will be a special greeting to the organization by Mexi­ can Consul General Haul Gonzalez-Ga- larza, who is headquartered in San 
Antonio. 

New s ta te officers w ill be elected 
Friday afternoon. 
Foster relations 

P A S F w as o rg an ized in 1927 by a group of s t u d e n t and teachers d esir­ ing to learn m ore about all the A m eri­ c a s a n d to fo s te r c o rd ia l r e la tio n s am ong the people of the A m ericas. 

PASF students this y ear are concen­ trating their studies on P anam a. 

 opsy-turvy exerciser 

J A N and Jim Shenem an, G rand Rapids, Mich., find themselves facing different perspectives as they try out an exercise machine on display at the International Inventors Expo 7 7 in N ew York. The benefit derived from spinning around the machine while pedaling, according to the manufacturer, is improved circulation. 
— AP 
W irephoto. 
M illionaire is linked to art theft scandal 

NEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
VIENNA — Investigations of art thefts in Austria and 
Yugoslavia that led to the arrest of a wealthy, politically connected businessman have supplied this gossipy capital with one of its most bizarre scandals in years. 
At th e c e n t e r of th e s c a n d a l 
Borger is also accused 

. o f operating a call-girl ring and o f organizing orgies f o r p o liticia n s and businessmen 

I S 
G e rh a rd B e rg e r, co-ow ner of an e n ­ gineering com pany with 3o9 em ployes, an air-ta x i co n c ern an d a s tr in g of other enterprises. 
But in addition to th e theft of a rt tre a su re s. B erger and his associates also a re accused of o p era tin g a c a ll­ g irl b u sin e ss, c o n tra c tin g fre e la n ce crim inals for m urky assignm ents and organizing orgies for poltiticians and businessm en. 
He w as a party -g iv er who o rd ered 
French cham pagne by the case, drove a Holls-Hoyce, sailed a yacht in the 
Adriatic, flew an executive jet. skied in the Alps and owned an interest in a bungalow hotel in the B aham as. 
T h e m illio n a ire e n t r e p r e n e u r w as sent to prison after police raided his 
Mila and discovered a cache of looted artw orks. B e rg e r’s palatial residence is on f a s h io n a b le K ro ica S tr e e t in 
G nnzing, the hillside suburb of Vienna where Beethoven found inspiration for his symphonies. 
Paintings returned 
Among the tre a su re rs found i i i the villa was a Tintoretto and other paint­ ings that so m e y e a rs ago had been stolen from H e c to r’s P a la c e in D u ­ brovnik, Y ugoslavia. B e rg e r's yacht happens to be docked at Dubrowiik. 
A u strian a u th o ritie s h u rrie d ly r e ­ turned the paintings, valued at $5 m il­ lion. to Yugoslavia, 
The Tintoretto and m any of the other works that were shipped to the neigh­ boring country in a truck convoy e s ­ corted by A ustrian and Yugoslav po­ licem en a re d a m a g e d and will need extensive restoration. 
One hiding place was unearthed in a 
T yrolean property of the V ienna bu­ sin essm a n that yielded among other things, precious Byzantine ikons that had vanished from V ie n n a 's St. M i­ c h a e l^ Church in 1973. 
In additum to Berger, the police a r ­ rested three men and charged them as accomplices in a ring that trafficked in stolen art treasures. 
At the age of 38, B erger is the youn­ 

 gest Austrian with the right to be ad ­ dressed as “ Mr. C om m ercial Counse­ lor,” an honorific thatthe governm ent norm ally bestows on w ealthy and el­ derly business executives in this title- happy society. Until he was jailed last m onth, B erger reportedly hobnobbed with conservative politicians. 
T he police linked th e a lleg e d c r i ­ minal network with a m an who is in prison near (ira /. Austria I since 1975 on su sp icio n of h av in g p lan n ed the 
Dubrovnik b u rg la ry and m any other art thefts. 
Counterfeit money 

One of those arrested is the m anager of the Bel Ami Bar in a staid m iddle class district of Vienna. Its publicity prom ises: “ Y ou’ll be fortunate with women at the Bel Ami Bar from 3 p.m. to 3 a .in .” In a fu rth er com plication the b a r ’s m a n a g e r was found in pos­ session of som e of the counterfeit West 
G erm an m ark s that have been turning up across Europe, reportedly the work of Italian m aster forgers. 
No p la u s ib le e x p la n a tio n h a s yet been offered as to why a businessm an vvtio seem ed to do s o well in legitim ate v e n tu re s should get m ix ed up w ith t helves. 

Investigating m agistrates are sifting the e v id e n c e . 
B ut th e fis c a l ad m in istratio n has alread y scored a b u r e a u c r a t i c c o u p by p la c in g a 
8423,599 lien on B erg er’s villa. 
The amount represents H per cent of the estim ated value of the Dubrovnik theft — the am ount of tax thai would have had to In* paid by im iairters of 85 million worth of art works Never mind that they had been stolen 
Israeli exchange students visit S.A. 

Six Israeli high school students will visit San Antonio for a week starting 
Sunday on a cultural exchange pro­ gram - 
Sponsored by the Israeli governm ent and coordinated ha ally through the 
Jewish Community Helations Council, the p ro g ra m gives A m e ric an high school students the op|M»rtunity lo meet 
Israelis their own age and to learn what life is like for a teenager is Israel. 

While iii Sun Antonio, the Israeli stu d en ts will attend local high schools, p u k i n g to governm ent and history classes 
A one-day tr ip lo A u stin an d a nearby ranch, as well as visiting the 
Alamo (which is well-known i i i Israel) 

 are also on Hie uiiierary. 
B ask etb all is a favorite sp o rt of 
Israelis, and the students will attend a 
Spurs gam e. They will be living in the homes of students their own age while in San Antonio. 
Three of the youths, Av da Bar-On, 
Aluta F arkash and Ehud Manor live on concoctive farm s ii i Israel, 
The other th ree a re Hall P rid an , 
Aurly Hanover, and E viatar Hager. 
None of the six has ever been to Hie 
United Slates before. Their trip will last a total of six weeks, all spent i i i 
Southwestern cities 
Before San Antonio they visited 
Houston. Little Hock. Oklahom a City and Tulsa. After San Antonio, they will travel to Fort Worth 

MHM 

SPRING CLEARANCE 
SALE 
HAMMOND 
ORGANS 
N o w Include Great Savings 
A nd A $ 2 6 o M usic Package 

Our Spring floor model clearance brings you terrific savings on the 
Dolphin 9 / 1 2M. With all the marvelous features that make it such a breeze for the whole family to play — Auto Vari 28 with 7 rhythms . . . twenty one-finger chords so the organ takes over the major part of playing . . . note a chord for visual memory . . . authentic orchestral and percussive sounds . . . and patented re­ verberation that brings full, rich, majestic sound right into your liv­ ing room. See the complete Dolphin package listed below. 

Ham m ond Dolphin O rgan at our $ 4 6 o savings: 

Dolphin # 9 7 1 2 M O rgan 
Reg. $ 1 6 8 8 

Music Book Collection, 
Reg. 1 7 5 

Set of Headphones, 
Regular 4 5 

8 Introductory Lessons, 
________ Reg. 4 o 

Total Value 
$ 1 9 4 8 sale *1488 

 sale *3295 complete 

Reg. $3888 Hammond Aurora Organ I $26o 
Music Pockoge at a $853 saving. 

A deluxe Hammond spinel ocgan that Munds like a cen 

 sale' features piano, piano sola, bania, harpsichord ond 

Auto Auomoanimant. floor mode! sola* 

16127 

 sale *4295 complete 
Reg. $4888 Hammond Monarch Organ & $26o 
Music Pockoge at a $853 saving. 
A spectacular feature loden console no organ buff con resist Splendid in Contemporary Walnut beautiful od dition to your home ond homo life! 

Here s what the complete $26o special organ music package includes... 
7 Easy-Play Books, 8 Autochord Books, 6o Sheets of Music and Special Effects Book, PIUS the regular $45 set of quality 
Earphones and 8 organ lessons values at $4o. A total $26o package! 

 sale $895 

Reg. $1153 famous nome spinet piano in contemporary walnut styling . . . now sale priced at a $258 saving! 

This is the year you vowed to start your family on piano lessonsi 
Do it! And save $258 in the bargain. Choose your famous name spinet in Early American, 
Italian, 
Mediterranean, or French provincial also at sale prices. Built to last with a “lifetime 
Warranty ” and to give a lifetime of joy. Bench included. 

 sale * 159o 
Reg. $ 1 8 9 o K A W A I Console 

Reg. $1 7 9 o Everett Console 
Mony styles of $2oo lo $3oo savings. 

ChaaM hem Hawaii, Colonial, Spa nub, Madam, (ontempmury, 
11 ach lienal, ond french stybngi A (wofnvono! action, M u llein tone piano AW about potent which guaconieet thai piano vlayi hi tuna loNfir. lunch included 

$ o o 5 
4F d r mm* average retail 
Reg. $1595 average retail 
M any compact 
5 ft. pre-owned 
G rand Pianos, ideal for todays home. 
Ail Bargains: list includes: Baldwin 
(Howard), Henry F. Miller, Kurtzman, 
Shomer, O tto G rauw , Ivers & Pond, etc., Bench optional. 

’’AS IS" Pianos at all stores, for the bargain minded who want to repair themselves and save. $ 1 O O each. 
DOWNTOWN m ain a n d m a rtin 
224-5526 
FREE 
■ Urn m I m 
P A R K IN G 

NORTH STAR 
WEST ENTRANCE 
344-o248 
FREE 
C O U R S E O F M U S IC 
IN ST R U C T IO N 

WONDERLAND 
LOWER LEVEL 
7 3 2 -8 2 5 9__ 

I El RC awa 
TO MEET 
Y O U R N E E D S 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 9 77 

WHITE, 

Handy @ Andy 

DEL M O N TI UO H T 
CHUNK 
TUNA 

6 Vi-OZ. CAN 

Handy ® Andy 

COSTICK I'LB. CTN. 
BLU! 
BONNET 

M A R O ARINI 

OOLDIN DRAIN 

S o f t r iR f e t t y 

N______ *L_ 
4-ROLL 
DACK 

ARM A HAMMER LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 

T o m a t o 
DftnUmtp) 

 t u n a 
* 

7o-OZ. SOX 

POR 

GRECH GIANT 
SWLO PEAS...17-oZ.CAH 3pOR$1 

WHOLE KERNEL 
NI BLETS CORNUA CM. 29^ 

MIRACLE WHIP SAUD 
DRESSING 

M A C A R O N I 
& CHEESE 

TV*-OZ. ROX 

Handy ^ Andy 

NUSOAND D L IA S IN ' 
RANCH STYLE 

 k 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

H A N D T 
O I " A " 
KM OW LTON'S 

1S-OZ. CAN 

L A R U E 
EGOS 

ONI DOZIN CARTON 
Cl rn mm 

VANILLA, STRAWBERRY, CHOCOLATE, OR NEOPOUT AN 
HALF GALLON CARTON 

, 32*o2. JAR 

POR 

STOVE top CHICKEN, CORNBREAD, PORK 
DRESSING 
•... 6-OZ. BOX 59$ 

FOR 

UNCLE BEN'S CONVERTED 
RICE 
32-o1. BOX 8 9 $ 

HANDY ANDY COFFEE 
CREAMER 
IfrOZ. JAR 

GOLD MEDAL 
FLOUR 
S-LB.BAG 79$ an nd 
SUNDAY, MONDAY, TUESDAY A WEDNESDAY 

BA miimm 

 u 

■4&- 

X oSoDoA. 
'csbBd c h o ic e 
CHOICE 
CHOICE 
• I 

. ... 
— I* J 
HSP* wRRr h i 
PS a• 
• 

 p p 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
SIRLOIN STEAK 
. $1.29 
U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
T-BONE STEAK 
. $1.89 
U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
HUCK ROAST 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
U.S.D A CHOICE BEEF 
RIB STEAK a $1.19 SHORT RIBS 
59$ 

FRESH REGULAR 
GROUND BEEF 
„ 696 
SWIFTS BROWN A SERVE 
SAUSAGE UNKS OR PATTIES..................................BOZ. PKG. 79 £ 
HANDY ANDY 
SLICED BACON 
$1.15 
99$ 
$1.15 

OSCAR MAYER BOLOGNA, THICK BOLOGNA OR 
BEEF BOLOGNA 
KRAFT SINGLE WRAPPED AMERICAN OR 
PIMENTO 

........................... I2-oZ. PACKAGE 

CHEESE FOOO........................U-OZ. PKG. 

AD EFF. SUN, MON, TUES, WED, MARCH A, 7,8, t, 1*77 

Bakery 
Delicatessen 
Beer 
Drugs 
I 

MOUTHWASH 
& GARBLE 

• 
•>*... 
. . 
. . . 
J 
~ 
I 
R i f e s t *jyvr »•■ "WL 
•• 
, 
%-r ir'K- 

It 

F re sh U .S . # I P r o d u c e 

* r y *' y v-J 
.. 

WASHINGTON 
U.S. NO. I 
LAROE SIZE 
ISO'S 

IDAHO U.S. NO. I 

U.S. NO. I HOMEGROWN MSD. SUS HEMS 
GREEN CABBAGE. 29$ 

CAL. FRESH U.S. NO. I URGE SIZE MINNIOU 
RUSSEY 
POTATOES 
TANGELOS 
. 
334 

CAL. FANCY U.S. NO. I LARGE SIZE U C * SUH KIST 
LEMONS 
3-25$ 

T E X A S U.S. NO. I 

GRAPE 

WE RESERVE TIM RIGHT TO UMIT QUANTITIES 

Wine 

Handy Andy 

 frozen Foods 
R n L o T U i ■ B U O U U U H H U O U U O n O U H n U U 
HANDY ANDY COUPON 
FR 

S T P P 

%o% o 
B 
B l C 
C 
GOLD BONO STAMPS 
JKD* 
WITH THI PURCHASE OF ONI 
GIANT 49 OZ. BOX TIDI 
LAUNDRY DETERGENT 
, 

COUPON GOOG THRU WED , 
MAA 9. 1977 UMIT ONE 
COUPON PER FAMILY. 
HA 

HANDY ANDY COUPON 

 riP # 4 fl 

< I m Mm 
GOLD BONO STAMPS 

WITH THI PURCHASE OF ONE 
I l l . CARTON 
FARRAY MARGARINE 

COUPON GOOD THRU WED. 
MAR 9. 
1977 
LIMIT 
ONE 
COUPON PER FAMILY. 

 ll mw 

HA 
■ 

 r n 

,A A A A A A A A i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
ISI—Deaths 

 h i l l — R c r O IS l. 

APOLINAR 
M r, A rm ando P. A polinar aas 3o, of M W S. Gen. M cM ullen D r. en­ tered into rest Thursday, M arch 
3, 1977. M r. A p o lin a r w a s a m em ber of the John F. Kennedy 
A m e ric a n Lesion Post 485. S ur­ vivors : Sons, R ichard and G ilbert 
A polinar; parents, M r. and M rs. 
P e d ro P u e ntes; b ro th e rs . R ay 
Ugalde, P h illip Puentes, G abriel 
Puentes and V icto r Fuentes; sis­ te r s , R ose M a ry V a ld e z a nd 
K a th e rin e P u e n te ; m a te rn a l g ran d m o th er, M rs. C atalina Pe­ rez. R osary Service w ill be held 
Sunday evening at 8; OO pjm . at the 
P a lm H e ig h ts C hapel. F u n e ra l 
Services w ill depart M onday at 12 
Noon followed by a Funeral Mass a t 12:3o p.m. at Our Lady of the 
A ngels C atho lic C hu rch . In te r ­ m ent w ill follow at San Fernando 
Cemetery No. 2. Arrangem ents w ith 
Palm p rin ts 

3711 So. Zaream oro 
924-4SOS 

BAILIE 
John L. B a ilie , age 47, o f 16o2 
N.W . 24th St., d ie d T h u rs d a y , 
M arch 3, 1977. He was a m em ber of Travis Park united M ethodist 
C hurch. S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs. 
Catherine B oilie; sons, R obert M. 
Bailie, Dallas, Tx , Ted M. Bailie, 
California. Service Monday at l l o'clock in the Colonial Chapel of the P orter Loring M ortuary, Dr. 
Ralph H. Seiler officiating. In te r­ m ent in Mission B u ria l Pork. Ar- rangem ents w ith 
Barter Loring h o i M cC ullough 227-8221 

BARRIENTOS 
M r. J u a n L. B a r r ie n to s , 422 
Wagner S t, born in Uvalde, Tex­ as June 6, 1929 entered rest Wed­ nesday, M arch 2, 1977 at the age of 47 years. M r. B a rrie n to s had been a life tim e re sid e n t of San 
Antonio. Rosary w ill be recited in the Max M artinez Chapel Sunday, 
M a rc h 6, 1977 a t 7 :oo p .m . 
R equiem M oss w ill be o ffe re d 
M onday, M a rch 7 a t 12:oo p.m . from St. Joseph Catholic Church, 
535 New Laredo Hwy. Concluding services w ill fo llo w in Son F e r­ nando Cemetery No. 2. S urvivors: 
Parents, M r. and M rs. Jose Angel 
B a r r ie n to s ; d a u g h te rs , M rs . 
Z a c o ria s 
(Y o la n d a ) 
B. 
Hernandez, Miss M artina Teresa 
Barrientos, both of San Antonio; sons, M r. Juan B arrientos Jr. of 
C alif., M r Pedro Jesus B a rrie n ­ tos. M r Jose Guadalupe B a rrie n ­ tos, both of San A ntonio; sisters, 
M rs . 
M a ria 
T o rre s . 
M rs . 
Guadalupe de Anda, M rs P etra 
M a rtin e z , M odesto B a rrie n to s ; brothers, M r. Felipe B arrientos, 
M r Jose Angel B a rrie n to s, Jr., 
M r. P re s ilia n o B a rrie n to s , M r. 
F ra n c is c o 
B a r r ie n to s , 
M r. 
Crecencio B arrientos. M r. Louis 
B arrientos; 2 grandchildren. Ser­ vices under the direction of 
IH a x m a rtin e z 1 
2o15 W M a rtin 
2 2 7 -6 2 8) I 
BONONCINT 
M rs. Juanita V. Bononctni, 71. 237 
Wingate Ave., died F rid ay, M arch 
4, 1977. S urvivors: Sons, M r. Joe 
Jr., John A nthony and E ve rad o 
Bononctni, daughters, M rs. Juliet 
Wheeler, M rs. Rosie B. M orales, 
M rs. H ilda Q uintain, M rs. Nelda 
H ernandez, M iss Concuelo Bon- o n c in i; s is te rs , M rs . C o n ch a 
R a m ire z , M rs . C onnie M e C lin - tock; brothers, M r. G abriel Valle, 
Vincente Valle, Ruben V. G arza; 
28 g ra n d ch ild ren , 8 g rea t-g ra n d ­ children. R osary Sunday 7 p.m ., 
The A n g e lu s C h a p e l. F u n e ra l 
Monday 12:3o p.m .. The Angelus 
Chapel, follow ed bv Mass of the 
R e s u rre c tio n I p .m . St. H e n ry * 
Catholic C hurch Interm ent in San 
F e rn a n d o C e m e te ry No. 2. A r ­ rangem ents by 

BREHM 
M rs. Lillie E. Brehm , 854o Hilde- b ra n d t R d., passed a w a y in a local hospital F rid a y , M a rch 4, 
1977 at the age of 74 yeors. Sur­ vivors: Sons, Ollie W. B rehm and 
M ilton J. Brehm, both of San An­ to n io ; b ro th e r, W illia m J. Nod, 
San D iego, C a lif.; 8 g ra n d c h il­ d re n ; s e v e ra l n ie ce s a n d n e ­ phews. Services w ill be held fro m the D e llc re s t C hapel M o n d a y, 
M arch 7th at 2:oo p.m. w ith Rev. 
H arold Sager officiatin g . The in­ te rm e n t w ill fo llo w in M eadow - lawn M em orial P ark. M rs. Brehm was a member of St. John s Luth­ eran Church in Southton and had been a m e m b e r of H ig h la n d 
Social C lub since 1931. A rr a n ­ gements with 
Brl lr rm t 
2ooo Se W W. White Rd. 337-4o82 

BROWN 
M r. S idn e y L . B ro w n , 6o, 923 
V a n ce J a c k s o n , d ie d F rid a y , 
M arch 4, 1977. A life resident of 
San A ntonio, ve te ra n of WW ll. 
S u rv iv o rs : S is te r, M rs . S te lla 
M arie W ilson; brothers, D r. Lee 
F. Brown, M r. A. P. Brow n, M r. 
Sam H. Brown, J r.; also n um e r­ ous n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s a n d grand-nieces and nephews. R o­ s a ry S u n da y 7 :3 o p .m . a t St. 
M a ry 's U n iv e rs ity A ssu m p tio n 
Chapel. Mass of the R esurrection 
M o n d a y 9 a .m . a t St. M a ry 's 
U nive rsity Chapel. P a llb e a re rs: 
Bro Ralph Thayer, S M., Charles 
Bender, E d w a rd EPP, L eo n a rd 
Zacek, A rm ando R odriguez, M i­ chael Seisin. In te rm e n t in San 
Fe rn an d o C em e te ry No. 2. A r ­ rangements bv 

THE 
ANGELUS 
HOME 
Henry G uerra 

F U N E R A L 

227-1461 

CARRICO 
M arcellus W. (M onnie) C arrico, 
82, died M a r. 2, 1977. F o rm e r owner G eneral Neon A dvertising 
Co. M e m b e r A m e ric a n Leg io n 
Posts. No. 57, No. 2, No. IO San 
Antonio. Served on B oard of D i­ rectors Founder Lions Club, San 
Antonio and a Grand M aster Key 
Member. Past president. San An­ to n io S ales a n d 
M a rk e tin g 
Executives. S urvivors: D aughter a nd s o n -in -la w . M a ry K . a nd 
Ja m e s C. G a lla g h e r ; g r a n d ­ d aughter, K e llie M . G a lla g h e r, 
San Antonio. R osa ry 7:3o p.m . 
S u n d a y, 
Z IZ IK -K E A R N S 
CHAPEL. Mass IO a.m . Monday, 
St. P a u l’s C atholic C hu rch , 35o 
Sutton D r., Rev. M sg r. P aul J. 
Ehlinger, Celebrant. P allbearers: 
Ben W illiam s, Sr., Enez Bienek, 
W illia m C row e ll, Ben W illia m s, 
J r., H e n ry M a tu la , J a m e s A. 
W halen. H o n o ra ry p a llb e a re rs : 
Members Founder Lions Club of 
San Antonio. Those desiring m ay make m e m orial co n trib u tio n s to 
Texas.Lions Camp fo r C riooled 
Children, K e rrville , Tex., c/o 114 w . C om m erce st.. San Antonio, 
Tex. 782o5. In te rm e n t San F e r­ nando A rch dio ce san C em etery. 
Arrangem ents by 
Zizik-Keams 
Downing ■ Mc C Laugher i y 
1322 N. St. M ory's 
227-22o6 

THE 
ANGELUS 
HOME 
H enry G uerra 

FU N E R A L 

227-1461 

192—Card af Thanks 
M r m ort urn 

The F am ily of NANCY I. FRESE acknow ledges w ith g ra te fu l ap p re d a tio n each k in d , generous and since re e xpre ssio n of s y m ­ pathy at our tim e of grief. ittr l:.iy n l P le u ra 

DELANEY 
M rs . M a r jo r ie D e la n e y , M in ­ neapolis. M inn., fo rm e rly of San 
A n to n io , T e x a s e n te re d re s t 
Friday, M arch 4, 1977 at the age of 82. S te p m o th er of Jam es A. 
Oelaney, San A ntonio, K a th ry n 
Oahlke and Jeanne W agner, both of C hicago, III. S iste r of M o ro 
M arshall of M inneapolis, M inn, and n u m e ro u s n ie ce s and ne­ phews. Services, Monday M arch 
7, 1977, 7:8o p.m . a t C h ild re ss 
C ha p e l, T r o v is P a rk U n ite d 
M e th o d is t C h u rc h , 23o E a s t 
Travis, San Antonio, Texas w ith 
Rev. C. E llio tt Means officiating. 
In lieu of flo w e rs please m ake contributions to the U niversity of 
Texas M edical School, San A n ­ tonio, Texas. 
FRIEDRICH 
Camille Gordon F rie drich , age 91, of 326 E. Lullwood, passed away 
Friday, M arch 4, 1977. She was a fo rm e r resid e n t of Eagle Lake, 
Texas and a resident of San An­ tonio fo r 77 y e a rs M e m b e r of 
C en tra l C h ris tia n C hu rch . Sur- vivors< Son, Gordon W. F rie d rich of San Antonio; sisters, M rs. Ivy 
E ldridge Bauereisen of Houston, 
Texas and M rs. Ethel E ld rid g e 
Woodul of A ustin, Texas; sister- in-la w , M rs. R ob e rt G ordon of 
Houston, Texas; and num erous nieces and nephews. Funeral ser­ vices w ill be conducted 11:3o a.m. 
Monday in Mission P ark Funeral 
Chapels. C on trib u tio n s m ay be m ade to th e c h a r ity o f y o u r choice. A rronanm ents by 

111—Deaths 

KLINKSIEK 
M rs. V e ro K lin ksie k, age 74, of 
1219 Greer, died M arch 4, 1977 in a lo c a l h o s p ita l. She w a s a m em ber of St. John’s L uth era n 
C h u rc h a nd L o u is e S ch u e tze 
Lodge No. 3, O.D.H.S. S urvivors: 
Brothers, Eugene L. and G ilbert 
W. G astinger; several nieces and nephews, greot-nieces. Services 
M o n d a y 9 :3 o a .m . a t R ie b e - 
Saunders Chapels w ith the Rev. 
Norm an H. Albertson officiating. 
In te rm e n t in San Jose B u ria l 
Park. A rrangem ents w ith 

K i c k , 

S u n d e r s 

I H 9N St M arys St otBrooHy- 

A 
M i 
T T “Re 

ID 

MISSION P\RK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr. 

GRUNEWALD 
M rs. K athryne L. Grunewald, age 
51 of 86o2 C reek Bend, passed away Saturday, M orch 5, 1977 in a lo ca l h o s p ita l. B o rn in G ro n d - b e rry , Texas, M rs. G ru n e w a ld resided in San Antonio 32 years and was a m em ber of the Church of Jesus C h ris t of L a tte r D ay 
Saints. Survivors: Husband, M r. 
R o b e rt J.H . G ru n e w a ld ; sons, 
M rs. Roger R obert G runew ald, 
M r. D o n a ld Lee G ru n e w a ld ; daughters, M rs. Tommie Yolanda 
Huizar, M rs. C arolyn Sue Blevins, 
M iss M a rth a A nn G ru n e w a ld . 
M iss C h e ryl Dean G ru n e w a ld , 
M iss L is a F ay G ru n e w a ld ; 6 grandchildren. Services 1:45 p.m. 
Tuesday at the Southside Funeral 
Home Chapel w ith Bishop James 
Swanson o ffic ia tin g . In te rm e n t 
Ft. Sam Houston National Ceme­ tery. D irection of ftoutteibe 
£3o1 S. nom s 
♦22-6339 

CLARK 
M r. Barney Dee C lark, age 56. of 
16o Halliday, San Antonio, Texas passed away M arch 4, 1977 at a loca l h o sp ita l. M r. C la rk , a re ­ sident of San Antonio 36 years and born in P ilg rim , Taxas, w as a carpenter. S urvivors: Wife, M rs. 
Alice C lark of San Antonio; sister, 
M rs. Jessie B. C lift of S eguin; broth ers. M r. R iley O. C lark of 
San Antonio and M r. E ve rett H. 
C la rk of C otati, C a lif.; m o th e r, 
M rs. A. E. “ R uth" C la rk of San 
Antonio; tw o nieces and one ne­ phew. G ra ve sid e se rv ic e s 2 OO p m. Sunday, P ilg rim C em etery, 
P ilgrim , Gonzales County, Texas. 
D irection of feoutteQie 
63o1 i Flores 
♦22-6339 

112—Card oTThaiiks 
Memortiim 
, 

 fla x florttnrz 

 m e 

227.6281 

o9S -6411 

In M e m o ry o f O u r B e lo v e d 
Father ond W onderful Husband. 
Roy Ramon, Sr., who w ill always re m a in in o u r h e a rts and the hearts of his grandchildren and in the many hearts of those he could not help b u t to u ch . F ro m : his 
B rothers, sisters, and a M other who w ill alw ays re m em b e r and may they never forget the mony ways he may have expressed his love fo r them . M is s in g you so m uch D addy, m a y you re s t in peace; tor the g rie f of your loss is still very much in m y heart. 
____________ 
Sally 

 th 

LAY 
M rs . L u c ille M a lo n e 
Lay, 87, of 3o7 M arshall died M arch 3. 1977. 
Resident of San Antonio 
45 years, m em ber of Travis Park 
United M ethodist C hurch, O E .S. 
Chapter No. 35, Pioneer Club No. 
137, N .A .B .A ., W oodmen of the 
W orld and V.F.W . A u xilla ry No. 
1533. S urvivo rs: Son, Charles O. 
Lay, San A ntonio; sisters, M rs. 
Lillie Moe Brucks, Hondo, Texas, 
M rs. E m m a Florence, Houston, 
T e x .; b ro th e r, F ra n k M alone, 
L ockhart, T e x.; g ran ddaughter, 
M rs . L in d a L. K o n b lo c k , San 
A n to n io ; gran d so ns, W ayne O. 
Lay and Tim othy C. Lay, both of 
San A n to n io ; s e v e ra l g r e a t­ grandchildren and several nieces and nephew s. S e rvice s 2 p m. 
M o nd a y, M a rc h 7, R oy A k e rs 
F uneral Chapels, Chaplain M er- r e ll O 
S la w so n o ffic ia tin g 
Graveside services and interm ent 
Roselawn M em orial P ark under the auspices of Texas Chapter No. 
35 O.E.S. 

51j> No. Main 
226-72o1 

MENDOZA 
A urelia Mendoza, age 63, of 11o2 
San Francisco St., passed away 
M arch 3, 1977 at a local hospital. 
S u rv iv o rs : H usband, R eynaldo 
Mendoza; daughter, Luz E. M en­ doza; 5 brothers, 2 sisters, other relatives. Rosary w ill be recited 
Sunday at 7:3o p.m. at the Ortiz 
Chapel, funeral w ill depart M on­ day at 1o:oo a.m. for 1o:3o a m. 
R equiem M ass at H oly R osary 
Catholic Church. Interm ent in San 
Fe rn an d o C em etery No. 2. A r­ rangements by 

ORTIZ M O R TU AR Y, INC. 
432-o987 

MONTEZ 
M R . A N TO N IO Q. 
M O N T E Z , 919 A r ­ bor Pl., born in Son 
A n to n io 
F e b . 
2, 
19o9, entered rest Fridoy, M arch, 
4, 1977 af the age of 68 years. 
ROSARY MONDAY-7:oo PM 
ALAM O CHAPELS 
MASS-TUESDAY-9:3o AM 
St. Agnes Catholic Church 
8o4 Ruiz St. w ith R ev. R o b e rt E b e rh a rd t, 
CSSP as celebrant ond interm ent to follow in Roselawn M e m oria l 
Pork. S urvivors: Wife, M rs. M in­ nie P. M o nte z; d a u g h te r, M rs. 
A rm o n d o 
( M a r th a ) 
G a rz a , 
C hica g o, III.; sons, R o b e rt A. 
Montez and wife, M aria S., City, 
MM3 Ruben Montez, USN, O rlan­ do, F la .; s is te r, M rs . C a rlo s 
(R u th ) D e L a V e g a ; b ro th e rs , 
Pete G., R obert Q. A Jim m y G. 
M ontez, a ll of San A n to n io ; 7 g ra n d c h ild re n ; 5 g re o t-g ro n d - c h lld re n . M r. M o n te z w a s a m e m b e r of St. Agnes C a th o lic 
Church and has been a lifelong resident of San Antonio Services undet the direction of a m em ber of The Lelon Cude Fam ily of 

25-5731 
Brooklyn 

A rea d ea th s 

CAYO, Mrs. Anna Eli­ zabeth, 
86, Beeville. 
Services at 3 p.m. Sun­ day in Wilson Funeral 
C hapel in Beeville. 

FAVOR, Lester M., 67, 
Poteet. Services at 2 p.m. 

Sunday in the Sand- branch Baptist Church in 
Sandbranch. 
WARD, Rosa Agnes, 
8o, Pleasanton. Services at IO a.m. Monday in St. 
Joseph’s Catholic Church in Leming. 

161- Deaths 

MULLER 
M rs. Cecile Hudson M u lle r, age 
96, wife of the tote Theodore V. 
M uller, died Thursday, M arch 3, 
1977. She w as a m e m be r of St. 
David Episcopal C hurch and a life mem ber of O.E.S. S u rvivors: Ne­ p h e w , M ilb v B. H u d s o n , F t. 
W orth, T e x.; nieces, M rs. Jane 
B iro n S isson, G e rm a n y , M rs . 
K athryn Biron Woodard, M rs. Pat 
Biron M cD aniel, both of San An­ tonio, M rs. Janice Hudson Dow, 
Key B iscayne, F la ., M rs. Jose­ phine Hudson M uhl, Georgetown, 
T x.; num erous great-nieces and n ep h e w s . G ra v e s id e s e rv ic e 
Monday at l l o'clock at Mission 
Burial Park, the Rev. W illiam B. 
Sharp officiating. Arrangem ents with 
Porter Loring 
11o1 M cC ullough 2278221 
PEREZ 
M r. R o b e rto G. P e re z , 2o14 
W averly, born in Sabinal. Texas jM av 6, 1894 entered rest Friday, m a rcn 4piT77 a t m e age of 82 years. M r. Perez hod been a re ­ s id e n t of San A n to n io fo r 3 months. Rosary w ill be recited in the Max M artinez Chape1 Sunday, 
M arch 6 at 7:oo p.m . R equiem 
M oss w ill be o ffe re d M o n d a y , 
M arch 7 at 1:3o p.m. from C hrist the King, 261o Perez St. w ith Rev. 
L a w re n c e M a tu la o ffic ia tin g . 
Concluding services w ill follow in 
San F e rnando C em etery No. 2. 
S u rv iv o rs : D a u g h te rs , M rs . 
Vicento Pedroza of New B ra u n ­ fels, M rs. G u a d alu pe Perez of 
Sabinal, Texas; brother, M axim o 
Perez of D allas; g ran d ch ild ren , 
M r. Roberto P Gomez of San An­ tonio, Jesusa D uran of Oregon, 
Estella Rodriguez of C alifornia. 
M a x M a rtin e z 
AOI 3 W. Martin 
227-6281 

PETMECKY 
Mrs. Cora E Petm eckv, age 68, of 
1323 W. T h o m p s o n P l., d ie d 
M arch 4, 1977 in a local hospital. 
S urvivo rs: Son and daughter-in- law, M r. ond M rs. P hil (Janice) 
P etm eckv; 3 g ran d ch ild ren ; sis­ ter, M rs. Steno B row ning. M rs. 
P e tm e c k y w ill lie in s ta te a t 
Riebe-Sounders Chapels fro m 4 p m. S a tu rd a y u n til 4:oo p .m . 
Sunday when she w ill be taken to the Schaeffer F u n e ra l Home in 
F re d e ric k s b u rg , T e xa s w he re fu n e ra l s e rv ic e s w ill be h e ld 
Monday at 2:oo p.m . w ith in te r­ ment to follow in the Greenwood 
Cemetery. Arrangem ents w ith 

K J E R , 

^ W in d e r s 

111-Deaths 

RAMIREZ 
M r. H ector Castillo R am irez Sr., 
54, o f 6115 L a w n V a lle y , d ie d 
M a rc h 2, 1977. R esident of San 
Antonio 7 years, m em ber of St. 
Vincent Oe Paul Catholic Church. 
S u rv iv o rs : B ro th e r, V ic to r C. 
Ram irez, San Antonio; son. Hec­ to r D. R a m ire z, K enedy, T a x .; da ugh ter, E lva D. R am irez, Ken­ edy, Tex.; sisters, Irene M edelas, 
Son A ntonio and A d e lin a G u e r­ rero, Houston, Tex. R osary w ill be recited 7 p.m. Sunday, M arch 
4, Roy A ko rs F u n e ra l C hapels. 
F u n e ra l P rocession w ill d e p a rt 
Roy Akers Funeral Chapels l l :45 a.m. Monday, M arch 7, fo r a 12:15 p.m. Mass at St. V incent De Paul 
Catholic Church, Rev. Thomas J. 
Flanagan. C elebrant. In te rm e n t 
Ft. 
Sam 
Houston 
N ational 
Cemetery. 

515 No. M a in 
226-72o1 
SCHMIDTZINSKY 
M rs. M a ry Belle Schm idtzinsky, of 3619 R ic h w o o d D r. passe d away M arch 5, 1977 at the age of 
3o ye a rs. S u rv iv o rs : H usband, 
Roy Schm idtzinsky, San Antonio, 
T e x a s ; p a re n ts , M r. and M rs . 
C urry Ducote; sisters, M rs. M or- cey B aker and M rs. L au ra Bin- yo n; b ro th e rs , C h a rle s D ucote ond C lint Ducote, a ll of San A n­ gelo, Texas. Rosary w ill be re cit­ ed a t 7:oo p.m . Sunday at Oak 
H ills Chapel. Mass w ill be held at 
2:oo p.m. Monday, M arch 7 at The 
Socred H eart Catholic Church in 
San Angelo, Texas. Interm ent to follow in the Catholic Cem etery. 
In lie u o f flo w e rs th e fa m ily request that donations be mode to the Cancer Society. 

 r n f il le 
8oS6 Frederickiburg 
6*6-7111 

111-Deaths 
THRAILKILL 
E rin P. T h ra ilk ill, 79, 923 Chicago 
Blvd., died M orch 4, 1977. Retired 
C iv il S e rv ic e e m p lo y e e K e lly 
AFB. S urvivors: Wife, M rs. E. P. 
(G ra c e ) T h r a ilk ill; d a u g h te r, 
M rs. Frederick (Im ogene) Smith, 
A la .; 2 g ra n d c h ild re n ; 2 g re a t­ g ra n d c h ild re n . S ervices 2 p m. 
Monday. ZIZIK-KEAR N S Chapel, 
Rev. O. D. O liver, officiating. In­ te rm e nt Sunset M e m orial P ark. 
Arrangem ents by 
Zizik-Keams 
DovnMg-McClaugtwrty 

1322 N. St. M ary's 
227-22o6 

SMELSEY 
M rs. Attie K. Smetsev, age 92, w ife of th e la te M o i. S a m u e l 
Smelsey, died Thursday, M arch 3, 
1977, in Stockton, Calif. She was a n ative of K ansas; live d in San 
A ntonio 5o years and m oved to 
C alifornia in 197o. S urvivors: Son, 
D r. S. O. S m e ls e y , S to c k to n , 
C alif.; granddaughter, M rs. San­ d ra F is h b o c h , N a p a , C a lif. 
Graveside service Tuesday al l l o 'clock at Ft. Sam Houston N a­ tional Cemetery. Arrangem ents with fatter Loring 
1 i o i M c C u llo u g h 2271221 

VIAU 
M r. V ic to r John V la u , 74, 198 
S horew ood D r., G ro n it Shoals, 
Texos died M orch 4. M r. Viou had been resident for 12 years In San 
A ntonio. S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs. 
M innie Lee Viou, G ro n it Shoals. 
T e x .; d a u g h te r, M rs . V a le rie 
K o rp H in s e y , Son A n to n io ; g ra n d d a u g h te r, M rs . Susan 
G e rb e r; g ra n d so n , D r. Jam es 
Korp, both of Houston, Tex.; sis­ ters, M rs. D oris Denny, M alibu, 
Calif., Mrs. D orthy F a rm a r, New 
Y o rk ; b ro th e r, R alph W. V iou, 
M assena, N Y .; s te p d a u g h te r, 
M rs . G e ra ld (M a ry A n n ) C a r­ penter, Lubbock, T e x.; stepson, 
Wayne England, Alam eda, C alif.; step-granddoughter. Shelly C a r­ p e n te r; s te p -g ra n d s o n , D a v id 
Carpenter, both of Lubbock, Tex. 
Services I P.m. Monday, M orch 7, 
Sunset Funeral Home w ith Rev. 
Frank A. E rw in officiating. In te r­ ment Sunset M em orial P ark. 
SUNSET"KSS 
'I! m r r -*2*-” 1* 
WARD 
M rs. Rosa W ord, age 8o yeors, passed aw ay F rid o y . M a rch 4. 
S u r v iv o rs : S ons. F ro n k o nd 
G eorge M cGee, A le xa n d e r and 
H erb e rt W ard; daughter. Helen 
S a d le r; 12 g r a n d c h ild r e n . S g r e a t-g ra n d c h ild re n . R o s a ry 
Sunday 7:3o p.m . at the H urley 
F uneral Home, Fleasonton, Tex. 
Services Monday at IO: OO a m. at 
St. Joseph's Catholic Church, Los 
Gallines. 
Texos. Arrangem ents by 

 h u r l e y f u n e r a l h o m e 
Pleasanton, Texos 

Express-News 

W ant Ads 

225-1666 

1o1—Deaths 

W H I T F I E L D 
Joseph S. W hitfield, age S5, of Rf- 
\ Box 123, Seguin, Texos. 
March 3, 1977 in a local M j j a k 
S u rv iv o rs : W ife . M rs . J a n ic e 
W hitfield; doughier, M iss D orla 
W hitfield; son, Joseph W h itfie ld .. jr . , oil of Seguin; m other, M rs. 
Anna W hitfield of R iviera, Texas. 
S ervices M onday I> 3o a rn. at 
Riebe-Sounders Chapels, in te r ment in Ft. Sam Houston National 
Cemetery. Arrangem ents w ith 

K i c k 

H i n d e r s 

•ti 19N St Mpry ■> St of Broo* lyn 

 lh 

WILHITE 
M R . M IL L E R E. 
W IL H IT E , 
723o 
Glen M ist, born rn 
G a lv e s to n , T e xo s 
M o rc h 3o, 1915 e n te re d re s t 
Friday. M arch 4, 1977 at the age of 61 years. 
VISITATIO N 
Saturday 12 Noon until 
Monday 1o:oo A.M. 
ALAMO CHAPELS at which tim e M r. W ilhite w ill be taken to Ft. Sam Houston Nation­ al Cemetery for services at 11:34 a m. w ith The Rev. Stanley F. 
H auser o ffic ia tin g . S u rv iv o rs : 
W ife, M rs . G ra c e D. W ilh ite ; d au g h te r, M rs. Je an e tte P itts , 
Conroe, Texas; son, A. E. W ilhite, 
H ouston, T e x a s ; m o th e r, M rs. 
M uriel W ilhite, C ity; sisters, Mrs. 
P a tric ia B a k e r, M rs . K enneth 
Pearson. C ity; a ra n d d a u a h ie rl, 
Debra 
Lauren and 
Katherine 
W ilhite, Houston, Texos, Tereso 
P itts , C o n ro e , T e x a s ; g r e a t­ g ra n d s o n , M ic h a e l B u rle s o n , 
Houston, Texas M r. W ilhite w a s * m em ber of St. M a rks E piscopal 
C hurch, The A m e ric a n Legion, 
T Patch Post No. 548. F orty et 8 and has been a resid e n t of San 
A n to n io fo r the o a s t 2o ye o rs. 
Services under the direction of a m e m b e r of The L e lo n C ude 
Fam ily of 

225-5731Tkt Memo 
. Alam o ot Brooklyn 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

HODYS 
M /SG T. JAM ES G 
H O O Y S . 
U S A F 
(R e t.), 83o H oover 
A v e ., b o rn in Re- s o v ic e . B o h e m ia , 
Jan. 1, 19o3, entered rest F rid ay, M orch 
4, 1977 at the age of 
74 yeors. 
SERVICES M ONDAY-18:OO AM 
ALAM O CHAPELS w ifh in te rm e n t to fo llo w in F t. 
Sam Houston National Cem etery w ith fu ll m ilita r y h o n o rs a nd under the auspices of K e lly M a­ sonic Lodge No. 1131, A F & A M . 
S urvivors: Wife, M rs. Maggie Lee 
Hodvs; sisters, M rs. M a rie H olt 
Snyder, M rs. Louise B ozovsky, 
Chicago. Ill ; nieces, M rs. Wando 
F. Scott, G alveston, Texas, M rs. 
L orra in e P o n tre lti, Chicago, III., 
Nancy Pasterski, Cicero, III.; ne­ phews, C lifford Few, L illia n , Tex., 
Ronnie Hodys, Jim m y Bozovsky. 
C h ic a g o , 
III. 
T he fa m ily appreciates the beauty and sen­ tim e n t of flo w e rs , h o w e ve r, lf their friends so desire they m ay make a donation to Shrine C rip- ' pled C hildren's H ospital, c /o Al- zafor Temple Hospital Fund, P. O. 
B ox S369. S gt. H o d v s w a s a m em ber of P a lm H gts. B a p tist 
C hu rch , K e lly Lodge No. 1131, 
AF&AM . Scottish Rite Bodies, A l­ io fa r Shrine, o veteran of WW It and Korean W ar and has been a resident of Son A ntonio to r the past 32 years. Services under the d ire c tio n of a m e m b e r of The 
Lelon Cude Fam ily of 

T is M A u k q 
I 
225-5731 
N. Alam o a1 B rooklyn J 

I SELL'ATHON 

NE VE GOT TK MOST'M IA H 
NATIONAL ORAND AHIIEHCB 
THAT AK NOTTO K MISSED 
Because... 
Wewanttohe favorite your fav r jm store 

 w o f c o 

JONES 
M rs Betty M clve r Jones, age 73, of 1413 Edison D r. ente red into re s t S a tu rd a y , M a rc h 5, 1977. 
S urvivo rs: Husband, M r. F ro n k 
M. Jones; daughters, M rs. Betty 
Lu P a tte rs o n o nd M rs . J o n e t 
M inm a; sisters, Eliza B a rber et 
Rockport. Luelo Collum of Austin ond Velm a B e d fo rd ; b ro th e rs , 
C harles M c lv e r of H ouston and 
Joe M c lv e r of San A n to n ie ; 4 grandchildren ond 4 great-grand­ children. Funeral Services w ill be held Monday at 2:oo p.m . at the 
Brook ohm Chopel. Interm ent w ill fo llo w a t M issio n B u ria l P a rk . 
Arrangem ents with 
Mraokthill 
F it S E M ilita ry D r. 
923 7SJ3 

114— F n e r a l D irecter^ 

 traokiirtll 
*11 S t . M ilitary 
923-7523 
(Sak fille 
oo56 Fredericksburg 496-7111 

 firllrrra t 
2ooo S. W W. White 
337-4o82 

Paint Rriglitn 

924 4568 

• 
%4 
TEN 
WORDS S O J 
TIMBS 
£ 
| 

5 DAYS EXPRESS 5 OATS NEWS 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 s 
H i 
< 
■ 

— 

- 
W 
CTi 
5 

'W o o le d S E I iL -A -T H O N I 'S S o o lc * 

R G A CB CO-PILOT 
CITIZEN S BAND MOBILE RADIO 

23 Channel 

88 

I 4 T IOO 

Featuring ANL switch. Automatic Level Control (ALC). 
Delta tune switch, PA capability, S/RF meter, ext. spkr. jack, PA spkr. jack. 

MCCTUAEY lNC3,y j » * f 

Af. £ SOoS9OUSZ 
HJNOM HOmS 
PrG-NeBd Arrangement* 

111 O wwdwk ipt St. 
226-411! 

Aoutteibc 
FUNERAL HOME 

63o1 S. FLORIS 
9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 
AA Grimes, Director 

ID -h tris ts -F liw m 

A T T E N T IO N R eyes W holesale 
F lo ra l has lu st re ce ive d a new shipm ent of Indoor and outdoor exotic plants. H anging baskets 
E v e ry th in g a t v e ry reasonable prices 1832 Blanco Rd. 735-5243, 
735-5244. 

Burial Lots 

TWO lots. M ission P ork, Sooth 
WIK show, coll 924-5877. 
' 

TH R EE Lots, Roselawn Come lory. 
____________ 732-7895____________ 

3 PLOTS M ission B u ria l Park? 
S o u th 
C h o ice s e c tio n , n e a r 
Chapel 558o POCH 826-46o6 ______ 
IN— Fiaeral Directors, 

A N O LI U5 ► UNL U M HOME T' 
HENRY G U ER RA 
682 W. Houston 
227 H jjj* 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

277 3 1 3 6 
Riebe-Saundersi 

Answering any call, any lime, 

 w i t h 

 u n d e r s t a n d i n g 

£ 

SUNSET 

M e m o r i a l P a r k 

F u n e r a l H o m e 

17o1 Austin H w y 8ZB-ZB11 

4 e 

12" DIAGONAL 
B/W PORTABLE 
1oo% solid state chassis front- mounted controls, big 6" speaker. 

A X 1 2 o 

•>»> 

DIAGONAL 

AC/DC l l " 
IOO%so,D 
B/W IV 

\m\ 

4 e 

"Energy Saver" chassis. Pre-Set VHF tuning Set and forget volume. Click in UHF/VHF tuning. SX246oSL fgMWi 
1oo% SOLID-STATE 

CHROMACOLOR II 
13” 
■ 
CHAuOK 

The MALIBU ’ H131oC 

GET 
WORLD 
FAMOUS 
ZENITH 
QUALITY 
FOR ONLY 
*288 

• Energy-Saving 1oo% Solid-Stat* Chassis e Power Sentry Voltage Regulating System 
• HO* Chroma col or in-Una Picture Tub* 
♦ Super Video Range Timing System 

RC A 
XL-1oo 
25' 
^agonal 

RCG 

1oo% SOLID STATE 
COLOR CONSOLE FEATURING 
ACCUMATIC IV CONTROL 

AccuMatic IV adjusts color, tint, bright­ ness and contrast automatically. Mediter­ ranean style. Save now* GA6S8 

 lf 
$ 
V’sssg* 

IO" DIAGONAL 
PORTABLE TV 
«228 

Lightweight, portable color. Featuring G.E.’s in-line slotted mask picture tube. The famous Porta Color chassis. Full 7o-position UHF tuning. 
W H E 5 2 2 7 . 

Cf) 

 r n 

 r 
■ 

■ se 
© z 

$ ■ 
© 

A C /DC OPERATED 
9 " DIACONAL 
B/W TV 

1oo% solid state chassis. UFH/VHF with earphone, auto adapter, sunshield 
Optional battery pack available 

• SANYO 

1 9 " DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOLID STATE COLOR 
43o9 

Automatic fine tuning (AFT) Keyed au­ tomatic gain control (AGC) Built in di pole antenna #91o4o ll 
© 

/ - V 
- I 

WOOL CO M AKIS 11 (AAV TO SHOP 

K IS o j / o 
N O H 1 - V - T T A 

W O O L CO R tS tB V IS TH I S IO N ! TO LIAM! OU ANTITIftS— N O T Rf SPONS4SLI 4 o 8 T YPOO SAPHIC A l 1 8 8 o 8 S. 

(■ M H I 
A B M 

 alezan, rn >SHM unii eMAftci 

IOO Q IU to . 
NEAR WONDER LANO 
732-2211 
• f twftw tem'*tmtv*' 
T MHM* 
IP Uh lr m -ffirirt# 
M lAKPW III eW fff ’ rfljrflW Ptl 
^ 
• Coevtmtfft Lay Awny Plan 

4 6 o 3 W M T 
COM M ERCE 
4 3 4 -9 4 • I 

9 2 7 FAIN 
AVENUE 
9 3 3 - o 1 6 * 

2214 9.W . 
MILITARY OR. 
924-1441 

271o AU9TIN 
HWY. AT WAlZtM 
693-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9s3o A.M. TO 9t3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY M TH CONFIDING! 1 

SATISFACTION GUARANTIES! 

[ 
M4t4CU*«l rn NDN! LUA! Ii* A N I 

3 position handle tor comfort and e a s e of operation 

Powerful lifetime lubri­ c a t e d m o t o r n e v e r n e e d s o i l i n g 

P o w e r d r i v e n 12 i nch 
D i s t u r b u l a t o r b e a te r- bar brush l o o se n s deeply i m b e d d e d dirt a n d grit 

L a r g e s t d i s p o s a b l e d u s t b a g m a d e 
H a s 
5 6 o c u in capacity 

19 feet of H e a v y d u t y c o r d s t o r e s on handle 

N O R M © 
O HIGH 

LOW 
SH A G 

4 - W A Y D I A L - A - N A P 

EUREKA 
MODEL 
1416 

WIT! 
FREE 
TOOLS 
TOOLS 
REGULAR 
PRICE 

FLEXIBLE HOSE 
FOR ABOVE­ 
FLOOR CLEANING 

DUSTING 
BRUSH 
HOSE ADAPTOR 

CREVICE TOOL 

UPHOLSTERY 
BRUSH 
STRAIGHT WAND 

M SW r n TW U M I TO UMI! O U 4W I.I.IS 
» o i M W O W M ja r o t t r P o e * a PHK a i m o i } too oat to 
MM —OM OII UM y ja-jjtt 

41o1 WIST 
COJAMI9CI 
4o49411 

S T T TAMI 
ATINUt 
5 3 3 9 I 4 4 aat« s.w. 
MIU!AIT o9 
914-1441 

1 /1 9 AUSTIN 
KWT l f M W IM 
4 5 3 - 4 4 4 I 

MIN COM f IDINC f iS S E R 
SAT It* AC I IGK CbllANfUO 
• Em m kM I HNI f o « M 
' CwvwNeM ut *•#» liMhf 
L H O * W O O IC O 9 .J O A .M . I O R iJO P .M . M O N D A Y THRU SA TURD A Y 
/ V T VASo3HMKL 
NOI M -V -H A 

Cancer Society sets fund drive 

Dr. Charles Tollman, 
Bexar County Metropoli­ tan Unit president, h a s announced March will he a special month for the 
American Cancer Socie­ ty. 
“ D uring M arch we conduct our special gifts and business d riv e s.” 
C oltm an said. 
“ T his means most of the people we call on are previous g iv e rs and th e re fo re especially important to us.” 

The unit makes an ef­ fort to reach every home in San Antonio during its 
April residential drive, 
Coltman said. 

Local 
D igest 

“ The w orkers try to deliver an educational pamphlet to every family whether they wish to give or not,” he said. 
B rig. 
Gen. 
H a rry 
Bayne is the 1977 crusade chairman. 

“ The local board wants to make sure that ever­ yone who is a regular contributor to the society knows about the acti­ vities of the local unit,” 
Bayne said. 
“ Local volunteers con­ ducted 1o,619 public edu cation programs this past y e ar re a c h in g 3o9.5o8 peope,“ Bayne said. 

“ We serv ed 
1.o61 cancer patients and their fam ilies,” he said. “ A portion of the money we raised was used to sup port over $2 m illion worth of research tieing carried out in Texas in­ stitutions." 

SAC schedules art course 

Channel 4 s Art Director X. Vasquez will instruct a continuing education course in commercial art and handlet- tering beginning M arch 14 at San 
Antonio College. 

The class will meet from 6:3o to 9:3o p.m. on Mondays for 12 weeks. 

Study will include handlettering. 

 layout, pen and ink sketching, pencil drawings, wash, airbrush techniques, color rendition, m agazine layouts, handbills and television art 
The course fee is $33. Students may register at the continuing education center, 1517 North Main Ave. For fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n , telephone 
7:14-7311. ext. 345. 

Highway em ployes retire 

Two members of the State Depart­ ment of Highways and Public Tran­ sportation’s San Antonio District staff have retired with a combined total of 
84 years service. 
Retired with 42 years service arc 
D istrict A d m in istra tiv e E n g in ee r 
Wilbur C. Ruby and Maintenance Con­ struction Supervisor Charles L. Hor- bell. 
A native of San Marcos, Raby gra­ duated from the University of Texas in 
1934 with a degree in civil engineering. 

Raby worked in various capacities in the construction field on San Antonio’s expressway system and served as dis­ trict construction engineer until his assignment as district administrative engineer. 
Korbell, a native of Floresville, be­ gan working there with the highway department in 1935 and later served as maintenance foreman at Hondo. 
Korbell later was assigned to the San 
Antonio District Office as maintenance construction supervisor. 

Carpooling service offered 

San Antonio’s Energy Conservation 
Program is offering free computerized carpooling services. 

Under the direction of the City’s 
T raffic and 
T ra n s p o rta tio n 
Department, the program began in 
July of 1974 under a grant from the 
Federal Highway Administration. 
The program ’s efforts arc directed tow ard developing a positive and 

 practical solution to the problem of traffic congestion, pollution, rising commuter costs and to providing in­ formation on fuel conservation. 
The program also offers vanpooling and buspoolmg services, a dial-in ser­ vice. information on park and ride and bus schedules and information on en­ ergy conservation. 
For further information, telephone 
223-6381. 

Public inform ation course set 

“ Instant Journalism : How to get your name in the m edia,” is one of the courses being offered by the Southwest 
Center of the San Antonio Junior Col­ lege this spring. 

Jim Thomas, a former television news producer, will conduct the course which is specifically aimed at public information specialists for schools, clubs or businesses. 

The course, which begins March 14. will focus on writing press releases and public service announcements. along with obtaining guest bookings and advertising. 
The class will run for four weeks on 
Mondays and Thursdays from 6 45 to 
8 45 p.m. 
The fee is $15 per student. 
For more information contact Con­ tinuing Education at 924-6461. 

Cystic Fibrosis elects 

Reuben D Duke, industrial engin­ eering technician at Kelly AF B. has been elected president of tin* Lone Star 
Chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis Foun­ dation. 

Duke has been active in helping lung-damaged children for 2o years, having served as president, treasurer and vice president of the chapter in previous years 

He succeeds Charles M. Laurent as president. 
Other new officers include Mrs. J. II 
C.rizzard, first vice president. Blain R 
Hall, second vice president; Ronald 
Ferguson, third vice president. Dr 
Mohammad Sangeladji, treasurer, and 
Mrs. Mary Lou Duke, secretary. 
Members of the chapter's Board of 
Direc tors are Linda Winters. Fletcher 
Poole, Jeanne Douglas and Rick Noll, 
C om m unications course slated 

Experts in the fields of editing. iesign, graphics and management will 
►hare their expertise with local com­ municators at a day-long workshop 
Wednesday. 
The “ Working W ednesday" work­ shop, sponsored by the Alamo Busi­ ness Communicators, will be held from i a in. to 6 p m at the Witte Museum 
The program is designed tu provide information and guidance for all types of staff and volunteer communicators 
Larrv Kagan of Chicago will s|>euk 

 on “ Working with Word*.’’ Ragan. assistant professor of English at De- 
Puul University, is editor of “ The 
Ragan Report," 
The $2o registration fee includes a buffet luncheon with a $1o tee available for full-time students. A $1o fee is available for ihose wishing to attend only the keynote address by Hagan and lunch 
For further information, telephone 
Ellen Sawyer at the Arts Council of San 
Antonio, 224-5532 

De Molar W eek March 13-2o 

The Highland Hills Chapter of De 
Mislay wilt join m o re than 2,3oo chapters in the observance of Interna­ tional De Molay Week. March 13*2o 

.Mike Johnson, master counselor of 
Highland Hills chapter, said that De 

Molay Week 1977 commemorates the 
56th anniversary of the founding of the organization 
The goals of De Mott) are individual leadership training and character de vehement while helping improve the community. 

WE'VE SBI THE MOST PONLM 
NATIONAL BRAND APPLIANCES 
THAT AIK NOTTO BE KISSED 
Because... 
We want to be your favorite store 

New hair styling salon 

AM ELIA, left, puts the final touches on the hair of Barbara Bagley, seated, one of the first customers at her new hair salon, Hair 
Dimensions, 6 4 7 3 Blanco. Jaycee, standing center, and Sandy, the firm’s other stylists, try to pick up a few hints. STAFf photo »y /at Holton 

Made By The People W ho M ake 
Only The Best In Vacuum Cleaners • . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
Nuevo Laredo CofC to hold fiesta in S.A. 
The Nuevo Laredo C hamber of Com­ merce is sponsoring Fiesta Mexicana at the Plaza Mexico on the HemisFair grounds from 7 to 9 p.m. to attract tourists to the border town. 

“ We want to open our arms to South 
Monday is your chance to win an all-expense paid weekend trip to Nuevo 
Laredo as well as shoes, tables. Mexi- can art pieces and Mexican gold.___ 

Texans and let them know we will welcome them with hospitality,” said a spokesman from the Nuevo Laredo 
Chamber of Commerce. 
During the promotional celebration, gift certificates for the weekend and other Mexican products will be awarded. 
Similar promotions will be held in 
Austin Tuesday and Corpus Christi 
Wednesday. 

BONUS NUMBER: 
□ □ □ - □ □ - [ I E E E 

The follow ing num bers win 
TWO $5 SPURS TICKETS EACH: 

 a s a - 7 M - o 3 ^ 3 
458 - 3o-4776 

455- 52-2255 
459- 28-7325 

485- 39-7525 

DEADLINE: 5 P .M . Mon. 3 - 7 - 7 7 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

Claims not honored on Sot. or Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 
Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 
FICATES FOR THE AMOUNT W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES WHICH 
HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS, THE NEWS, 
OR WEEK END EXPRESS-NEWS THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH $1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN WIN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more 

 drawings yo u ’ll be eligible for! 

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

Th# Rules: 
I. TO INTU 

•*4 raw* IM M te,»rt«r Mvmk*. a«* awa a •• twnnitui ll. 
M I M 
A N O n i m s r e . 
I O ! lies. tea Atrtattta. lu « ri]«r 
» t e a w r y ta w p a a a w l b a a l b a ' 

A m w n H H m I 
M b p w r m e M *§ r t - quirted NI N it t * lf**** ca*4 t a lt * a t 
M n 
I « f» ratt a n d 
Hmm%. A v o . I mm4 H A N I I t 
Hmm 
I M a n t 
N 
I J O p m w e a k 
B a ? * S a w i t l a « K * « h *» # 
T I V ' 
Sob ii fmm a u k «• »wl>MrSt to 
NM I I B p *B k t • * M t w i a * tHrtfc s r ti 
PM WMS i t MN Bi* NNB tth tr p a p a * 
O f N U Mi 
M O hmm l f y o u 4m n e t 
W M S 
Pp w M » * r S t 

S t pritat I# yaw »tn4 m Nip (Bm- p S * « i aw r y ca*Bl 

2 . PRIZIS b u n <h H b a • N a n i t e a t * . b a - b a * b ' a > n* 
I n b a y ba a b a t e a b a t a a n 
U t . a u a a a 
TH# b a a l a a h W a a . a la y a a a te a tb a y *a aba 
I a y . a a a N a a a b a t t a a a a a r a — 
M f . . . a . n » a a b a a ly a a a a a M - b a ir t f a t aba a t t ! aaata a w a 
N a : b a y , 
W a w i a b l b a aaaaa- b a b n ab ta tta b a a a ^ a a a * W aaa 
• b a w aa b a a abaaaa a l 
.a t a r i w aaab aa tb aaa b a w f i r m , a rb a 
A a a a a b v a a a a a h w b a t e a b a la a a a I - a a a a a 
( h a N a a t aa b aa- aa b a y aa te a a b a y i a y a a t a H a w i 

 a a y r a a a n t tw b t a n b a . l a ab a b a b y t e a b a 
•a a a a la y a a a a a a h Itt a N a a a b a a . ab a a b l b a a w a t r i a r i a a a b b tt.a a ta l 
H O O ta y - i a a t ll aba 

I U N O b * 
M 
U H a t i l t 
( o N t t t l 
O I b O N W * 
H u a w i l i w o t T H 

 b l O O O 
O O 
M M I 
I A l a w i l t b u l b I O b O U O t b l T K M I b I A I M 

 a y ra ta a M a a b a a r ib a . T a ™ a 
- , 
( a y . a aa O O f b a N a w a b a a a ab a 
•a b l b a aa a a . b a b a w abbaiaaaaal b i l o w y a u a a 

IAI U t O A T M 
I Z I I W H I C O M M I T 
O i l b i o I U bl (ll 
'o(11 
3 U U U b b ( ( C H I U ( t M A M I 

O b l l T 
M l U b I N b o T M ( M I I K - 
M i b b A N C T M I N I T T I 
M i l ) b l ( b l 
•o ( I ) b U U U b l I I C H I T b ( b H A M M 

A 
T O T b l 
O I b b O O 
I N 
M l l l b o b i i T m i m b b i i b u t i T i e t o n 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
W IN: 

 dm*rnnmmm 
*•»# toSawiop Nay t 
V Pay l uwdB y 
««B 
St aa Nay wtntwirt wNI SB Bl* B a n 
TS a p * m b N b | friN ay 
T S# yow sboN rn y t m Botry Nib bmp* 
WBBSt y«H# WIN SB BligbSt# t t «*«*• pniBti 

4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
BRIZES 
W i n n ba p n u m k t n a ti 
B N b b b S N b v u t N ub 

 aw*b I y w aba tat l a . in# b o y la 
• laww paisaa l l a a M W | aw m b a. aa bw bb ib ab a a la tb a y . b a b arb ay aa baa b a y baa a n t a , w a t t b a al a iw a b b y b a w aba t a t ia « m « t b a a b a y aa ib a y a>M b a ta rta rta ri 
W ia a a r a w a y i w a aa aba C b - a a la n aa 
O a t* a l aba la y a a a a - 
N aaat kw lbw , 
A a a 
I a a h (b la b b l aa ila w t 
H a... 
# .■ ,» , 
(b a y w tw a b a y a a 'a a l a l baal. b a n a l baaaaity 
M O S aa. 
A-a I a . a b l a a baa aal t a t a r " , a a a h yb>a a lb a , i b a im t n t w 
W b w a r t a v a l a a a . t a i l baa I • A* a t t a b H a w i b y baa 
■AA .a y u a l . b a a b lw a aa y a ia a t a B b a la b a w ab 

S. WHO M AY ENTER 

( b a b i o O O O b a .a a y .l a b a t 
T? a 

 a b a a a i b a b a a b a t a a n 1- y .a a a a a h 
( b a b a a l a a a ritatrtte w tari 
' b a a a l , .a y w a a w a a i la ( b a l b a 
• ^ • b ^ b a a a a b a n a t b a i t ..n y 

 a l a 
I — b u a l la y a a a a N 
. . i 
C a r y . a n ri 
W a r t y 
A a ia M a y 
C a . 
•b a lr ay a a n a a h * a » i b » a . i a a a a a l a n a b i a 
N O r w O C N A U lb 
N t C l b l M ( 
I O M 
( t o OO C L A I M 
* M 
U I 
A a ( M y .a r b w in b a 

•ba a w a # , a l 
M a 
I aw a # , 

1- y . a a . 
(b a M a w * . a b b a .a ,b a y 
• a b 
W a aa, l a y . aaa N a . a 
I . a w a a n w iN 
A a . . 
W U ,I 
" M a baa l a M a a w y b a y l a v i a . 
W 
M 
* 
N a . a a w a # . , a e A a . a 

 b a a 
A a .a a i a l a y a a , a a h 
I b a 
N a . a b a w 
I M a w l a 
I I O y rn 
. a a h b a y a 
W w a j a y a v a . b a .a w a y b a n a a a b a l i b a l a - 
( f d 
, b a a , b a b e a y 
L a w l i O a w la l : M y . w 
M a a b a , I . , b a y . a r a i b u b b a l i b . a , ta a r ia .m # a y a a b a w l 
( O O 
N U O 
N O T 
M IO IC O IO « 
O O 
M A H I 
A N I 
A U O C M A M b a l y a w aa t u t a n t a . » a b a a r i e t t a la a b a . T N H O I I M IS 
H O W 
W M * t i t l t l t t C T I O 
O I 
L A W 

\mmm*mmmm AD H ERE T O P O S T C A R D , PLEASE! 

Sit n A n io n to K x p m * 
* I ! nu News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 771 
I j 

* aw ^-i SWK stakes 
* O to. 25ti 

 s«r« Affton*) Ita O t / * ? * / 
AUEN CMC UL Af LON Of Bf 

MY SOCIAL ItTUBITT m u m a m 
□ 

C a ttie an 'a: int in bit 
SW H *5 1 A A I s Odd 
I 
.OW W let lo art ta, a LwkMiiplion ai 
TIS 
,'Abl OUMi b o t e . kb lb# Kyat 
YO (Mil 
□ 
N o n artly, m y an 
Ida 

S W t lfS r A K lS birl 
I o rb it, 
"OI lo write, O w B b tia tr o n IO 
N O 
- 
I Cfi Rn§ ip*I# 

NASRI 
AUDRt r ff llRHONf 

MU* e* *N Si#** I fj 

 t # i tSfciiS I Ap*#x» 

•eeNhf • i* lm 
» P e * SS 
I aum 
* 
> Ah#* NS *S# Sip * 

We w ant to be your favorite store 

 ki 

GIRLS' 14 
ROMPERS 
77 

Polyester/cotton rompers with spa­ ghetti straps in assorted prints. 
Styles may vary from the one pic­ tured. 

GIRLS' TENNIS 
DRESSES 

* 5 for tm 

Play sets with tennis or A-Line dresses with matching or contrast­ ing panties. Prints, solids and com­ binations in Polyester/cotton and nylons. 

A lk a- 
S e ltz e r 

 r f * * * 

ALKA-SELTZER 
36 TABLETS 

36 tablets in 18 foil packs. For acid indiges- 
, tion, heartburn, more. 

DISPOSABLE 
LIGHTER 

REG. 77' 

Thousands of lights. Ad­ justable flame. 

24 o2. SCOPE 
MOUTHWASH 

REG. 1.99 

Scope mouthwash ad gargle. Leaves your mouth fresh and clean. 

5 LB. WEIGHT 
HATURAL JUTE 

5 LB. WHITE 
JUTE REG. 11.99< 

RIG. 5.88 
999 

ASSORTED 
PAHTY HOSE 

Attractive fits all. 

8 OZ. BULKY 
MACRAME YARH 

REG. 1.59 

Acrylic yarn in machine washable and dryable. Hurry in now and save. Assorted colors. 

BAHDAHA 
HAHDKERCHIEFS 

REG. 79' 

A ttractive styles and colors available. 

VEHETIAN 
BLIHDS 

TXI 

77 

REG. 9.47 

Fashionair, plastic tape venetian blinds. Eas to install and easily short­ ened to fit any window. 23” to 36” widths. 

ADJUSTABLE 
WIHDoW SHADES 

I 
4 
7 
9 
REG. 2.47 

Weave-tex design, white plastic window shades, with adjustable steel rollers. 

BATH TOWEL 
ASSoRTMEHT 
97 

REG. 2.37 

Assorted colors. Available in sol­ ids and prints. Hurry in now and save. 

GILLETTE ll OZ. FOAM 
SHAVE CREAM 

 t 

REG. 1.27 

TRAC 5 s .... 

*‘o, 
TOO.* 

POLAROID SX-7o 
LAHO FILM 

REG. 4.77 

1o color pictures, 3’»“ x3V\ For the SX-7-— land camera. tbmzt i 7’ 

PONDS 
COLD CREAM 
79 

13.4-OZ. 

Deep cleans, removes make-up. 
Moisturizes, beautifies. 

CONVERSE HI-TOP 
BASKETBALL SHOES 
$ 

REG. 
14.99 

Canvas basketball shoes in white only. Assorted sizes available. 

ROPE EXERCISER 

♦ 

Firms and shapes your body. In­ structions included. 

 r^~o<»Oi.CO WAHI % lf (BSV TO SHO* 

•‘ XIN I 
^ J 

JET SPEED 
LATEX PAINT 
2i*7 ... 
Jet Speed or Town N Country latex paint. Easy clean up with soap and water. 

V 
Y O U R 
\ 
CH O ICE 
86 

WINFIELD 
ALUMINUM 
OR STEEL 
J TENNIS f 
RACKET 
\ I WMT KLD 
TENNIS BALLS 
Na at lib HH 
I 44 

REG. 12.99 

Fine quality aluminum or steel tennis racket with nylon string and genuine leather grip. at a low discount price. 

REG. 12.99 
SLEEPING BAGS 
3 lb thermocloud filling, cotton shell, flannel lined. 

Tires Pf * meat 
UY Ava* PlBl 

IGLOO 48 QT. 
ICE CHEST 

ONI 

REG. 27 

Will hold 9o lbs. of crushed ii dozen 12 oz. cans, and h removable food try a 

2214 S.W, 
M ILITA R Y OR, 
924-1441 
I 
SHOO WOQLCO 9:3o A.M. TO o:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE 

SATISFACTION 6UARANTE 

HPUUBII H MMU (URI R IM 

Stan Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday Morch 6 1977 

IOO COUNT 
PAPER 
PLATES 

< 

REG. 97* 

MOO count paper plates. 
19” plate. Ideal for picnics lor quick snacks. 

12"x25" 
DIAMOND 
FOIL 
499' 

REG. 39* 

New, smooth diamond foil has 1,ooo uses. 

IVe w ant to be your favorite store 

MEN'S KNIT 
SPORT SHIRTS 

MENS 
CANVAS 
CASUALS 

REG. 4.96 

Choose from slip-on or tie. 
Washable on thick bouncy rubber sole. Sizes 6’4 to 12. 
Brown or black. 

A special purchase of famous brand shirts. Made of 1oo% nylon with collar and 4-button placket. Sizes 
S-M-XL. 

MEN'S DRESS 
SLACKS 

-' I 

REG. 12.99 

A special assortment. Heather plaids and abstract patterns. These color-coordinate with the knit sportshirts advertised here. 

J 

PKG. COOKIE 
ASSORTMENT 
SM WOOLCO PRICE 

Select from several different flavors. 
All packaged to keep in freshness. 

Hurry in and buy several. 

PRINGLES 
TWIN PACK 

REG. 
79* t 

Alw ays fresh, reclosable. 

AFGHAN 
KIT 
‘3REG. 4.97 

Comes with instruction. Just the right item for beginners. 

SPECIAL 
SELECTION 
STEREO L.P.s 
3/M 

Select from several top name bands and singles. Hurry in early for best selection. 

PYREX COOKING 
DISH SPECIAL 
1 
77 

WOOLCO PRICE 

5yrex casserole dish. 1 qt. meas. 
:up. 8t baking dish. 

HOUSEHOLD 
AIDS 

CORN 
BROOMS 

SPONGE 
MOPS 

ASSORTMENT 

WooLCo PRICE 

Select from corn brooms, sponge mops and many more. 

IS CT. 
EZO DISPOSABLE 
DENTURE CUSHIONS 

< 

REG. 1.21 

Soft disposable denture cushion a temporary aid to hold loose dentures in place. 15 to a package 

HULA-HooP 
ASSORTMENT 

REG. 2.88 

Durable plastic hoop. Ideal for outdoor play. All ages can play. 

DOOR MIRROR 
WITH FRAME 

REG. 4.96 

Full length mirror has hardwood frame, measures 14 x5o 

WET ONES MOIST 
ToWELETTES< 

Pop-up dispenser of 7o. 
Disposable & flushable. 

ML M C C U L L O C H 
MINI MAC 2S 

Powerful 1.8 cu. in. engine makes fast work of pruning, limbing, hard-work­ ing IO” bar cuts big logs up to 1o” 
Super lightweight. Cham brake. 

FRISBEE 
ASSORTMENT 

REG. 
1.29 

From Wham-o. Exciting fun for the whole family. 

4" POTTED 
GERANIUMS 

IN 
BLOOM 
4 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

ORGANIC PEAT 
NOW JUST.............. 
2/*3 

IOC ALLON 
AQUARIUM KIT 
88 
Kit includes pump, thermometer, tub­ ing. filter floss and charcoal. 

1o-GAL. FULL 
HOOD RIG 8.49 

1o-GAL. IRON 

STAND REG. 9 99 

£99 

688 

B‘D\ 

STRING 

GRASS 

TRIMMER 
#82o6 
19 

REG, 29.99 

Uses safe line to cut weeds. Easy to operate 

GENTLE GOLDEN 
HAMSTERS 
2l*3 

< W O OLCO RIM * VIS TMI RIGHI TO LIMIT Q U A N llllO - N Q I M 3 * O N i!iil IQ I TY*OQ> B f H K AL I U O t i f w o o l c o m a x is it (ARY TO SHO* i^ 
H 
M 
M 
M 
H a a a a a B H 
M 
H a H 
B B B B e a a H 
H 
M 
B t e a a e a a e a a a B a a a a e 

* Canvamtfrt Tim* 
Pigment 
^ 
* Cendre nut UjAwijf his 

IOO OUI RO. 
IMM WOMOitUMO 
722-2211 

48o3 WIST 
COM M UCK 
424*4481 

227 FAIR 
A V IN O ! 
222-8144 

2214 t.W . 
MILITARY OR. 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY Rf WALZ UR 
822-4441 

SHOP WOOLCO 9i3o A.M. TO 9<3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

SUY WITH CONF IDE MCI ’ 

SATISFACTION DUARARTiiD! 

•Pigtail m *tM* m m ii1.•!<; 

Calling on the President 

Danya Steele, 7, of Little Rock, Ark., the National Easter Seal Child, calls on President Carter at the White House. She told the President she had voted for him in a school election. — AP Wirephoto 
He gets plugs into the movies 

NEW Y O M Tim e s SERVICE 
Ho l l y w o o d — in a new movie called “ The Late Show,” actors and actresses spend considerable time drinking Pepsi-Cola. A truck advertis­ ing the No. 2 cola appears on the screen regularly. 
Pepsi isn t there by accident. The appearances represent a calculated effort by the Pepsi-Cola people to help make the public forget No. I. Coca-Co­ la. And. if viewers look carefully, they 
Cantu leads protest at consulate 

By ALAN B A ILEY 

Mexiean-American activist Mario 
Cantu led some dozen demonstrators 
Saturday iii a picket line before the 
Mexican Consulate. 
The demostrators protested the un­ rest in Oaxaca. Mexico which has led to the killing of some 2h persons, ( antu said. 
“ We are here before the Mexican 
Consulate to make known our concern and our protests. 
“ We are few in numbers, but we voice the concerns of many. We hope this demonstration of concern — and other expressions of concern for hu­ man rights that surely must he taking place in other places — will help bring an end to the killing,” said ( antu 
Cantu said the protesters offered their condolence and solidarity to the families of the people killed. 
Recent Associated Press reports said the Mexican army restored order to 
Oaxaca after IO days of clashes in which some 3o people were killed 
The fighting was between police and demonstrating students, townspeople and landless Indians. 
(antu said he also wanted to voice concern for the alleged lack of human rights in Mexico. 
( antu was recently found guilty of harboring illegal aliens and sentenced to federal prison. He is out on bond pending the appeal of the case. 
A spokesman for the Mexican 
[Consulate declined comment on the demonstration, which lasted less than an hour. 

Actress ordered to give testimony 

B A L T IM O R E - Actress (arn i 
Chinning has been ordered to appear 

 iii a city court to testify about the De- 
>er theft of her 33o,ooo eggshell- 

 will also see brief appearances in the movie by Deringer Wines, Sharp Elec­ tronics, Wilson Sporting Goods and 
Botany 5(H) suits. 
They indicate one way American businesses attempt to manipulate the movies And they represent success for a man named Larry Dom, one of Hol­ lywood’s product pluggers. 
Dom, a 55-year-old former New 
Yorker, is one of about 5o freelance specialists in a growing business that strives to get free plugs on television and in the movies. Most spend their time trying to give away merchandise as prizes on television’s IR nighttime and 12 daytime quiz shows. 
Some, like Dom. toil not only trying to give away television sets, furniture, clothing and other merchandise on these shows but also trying to place 
“ product identification” props in tele­ vision dramas and movies — and. on occasion, to keep things that embar­ rass a business off the screen. 
Dom said he was once hired by the 
AMK Corp. to persuade the producer of a film to drop a scene in which illicit drug dealings were taking place in a bowling alley. At the time, AM F 
(which makes automatic pinsctting equipment) was trying to upgrade the image of bowling alleys to attract more families. 

Drugs 

“ In this scene, they were going to transmit some drugs in the hole in a howling hall. I managed to kill it.” 
Dom said. 
During the making of another pic­ ture, “ Airport,** he was retained by 
Pan American World Airways and joined with representatives of other airlines to mute as much as possible the portions of the film that might deter people from flying and to mini­ mize instructions in the film on how to make a bomb. The bomb was part of the movie’s story. 
Another time, Durn said, he per­ suaded a director to cancel plans to use a Pepsi-Cola bottle “ as a weapon" in a picture. 
When television series were regu­ larly featuring crashes of police hell- 
^copters several years ago. the Hughes 
Tool Co., which at the time was at­ tempting to sell a lot of helicopters to police departments around the country, sent an emissary to the industry in an effort lo cut down i rash rale 
Retainer 
Some companies such a: 
Inc., which makes Pepsi•( 
Dom on a retainer basis 

TV the 

Pi •psico 
Cola. keep 
Jibers hire 

 cc white mink coat 
City Court J ie who issued a h actress’ arrest. 
Channing -is a performer but sh law.” 
An attorney for despite the judge s call on Los Angele the actress. 
The mink allege 
Miss Channing’s h was in Baltimore bed before Brea) was bound for bloat the road 

Ige James A. Perron 
?nch warrant for tin said Friday that Mis great lady and grea she is not above thi 

 bim on get tlni pianic* 
%’) IMM! mine n import lion 

He 

The going rate for advertising sign scene is ll OOO to anding on the pro­ plug and the of the movie n said “ W hen I talk to a client. I s say, ’No play, no pay.* lf I don’t 
•r. we don’t charge anything “ explained that he mane 

 a spot basts 
» a prop or 
I in a movie he sacs, dep ce of the an 

 the ri th slue di iv 11 

It pri 

, b 

 l»ia< 

 the city said th order he would n 
I police 

 iii 

OI leek out 

I tll earth i free bv rt 

(I I) U ils intel sui lo appl 
•last.” 

 ta Kl 

> ma ii people, by keepin hat pictures are bein of some that would use of h is clients’ f 
•spending to produc certain products ie insists, is it necei 

 by I lager 

 to get mg 

 i t s and 
; up to 
! made benefit od uct s rs* re- 

•ne to pn 
’I I 
Ii 
Ho 
*spil that 

 dared per lo- no n e s 

 been c 

 bange lot 

 ut of five 

Ch 
( ham 

Mi net h d th 

Poge 
I 2-C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 

To hare your problem' solved or a ques­ tion answered, write Action-Express, P.O . 
Box 2171 1 Son Antonio, TX 78297. 

Jail m ess 

Can someone please explain why the Bexar County 
Ja il is such a snakepit? 

For years we have been hearing horror stones about sodomy, rape and beatings in jail and occa­ sional rumors about mistreatment by the guards. 

Then there have been the hordes el bail bondsmen who swarm the lobby feeding on the ignorance and fear of family and friends of incarcerated persons. 

Then there was the celebrated catered turkey dinner for Fred Gomez Carrasco. 
Then the reports about extensive drug trafficking inside the jail. 
And the periodic and successful escapes —either through inadequate security or. as in the latest case, stupidity on the part of the administrators who released a man w-ho identified himself as someone else. 
As if that weren’t bad enough, we now have reports that some of the jail guards are actually known criminals. 
And. now. the Bexar County Medical Examiner says a man was beaten to death while in the custody of the jail. 
In the middle of all this there are jail guards screaming for higher pay and other benefits and complaints about poor quality of food and other nonsense. 
Now really, in a city of I million people, can’t the authorities find someone who can run this place with some semblance of security, order and civilized incarceration instead of torture, payoffs, drug traffic and murders? 
Why isn't something done and done NOW? 

A P P A LLED 

That is probably the 

 question of the hour. 
The hiring of a jail ad­ m inistrator and the re­ moval of the jail from the authority of the sheriff to the jurisdiction of Com­ m issioners Court was supposed to have solved a lot of problems. It hasn't. 
A recent ja il study 

 found inept adm inistra­ tion to be one of the causes of the problems. 
But an attempt to 

 im plem ent the recom ­ mendations of the study 

 have met with resistance on various levels inside the jail. 
Com. Tom Stolhandske 

 who is supposed to be the court's custodian of the jail has also pledged to get things straightened out over at the jail. 
• Meanwhile, we are all still waiting for the re­ sults. Each new an­ nouncement of jail im ­ provements seems to be accompanied by new dis­ closures of strange go­ ings-on inside the walls. 

Okay, we are not going 

 to tell you anything about the operations of this particular firm. 
We can tell you so­ mething about some of the techniques used and then, if you are interest­ ed, you can call them and see if you want to avail yourself of the service. 
Some of these firm s 

 claiming to help persons obtain overseas jobs 

 charge large sums of money tor what is essen­ tially a list of personnel directors for finns which do overseas hiring. 
Beyond that, you are on 

 your own. The firm has no connection with any of the employers and you have to contact them yourself. 
Firms which A R E em­ ployment agencies DG have contact with (hr firms and definitely have 

E m ploym ent service 

I have been watching ads on television about a firm which has helped people get jobs in Alaska and overseas. 
I have also heard that these sort of finns are sometimes shady. 
How do you know the good firms from the bad ones and why do the ads have the words “ Not an employment agency" flashed on the screen? 

E. W. 

 jobs available for the properly qualified per­ son. 
Many of these offers of 

 overseas jobs from firms which are not actual em­ ployment agencies, how­ ever, are not directly tied to actual positions. To know the name of the man at Exxon, for exam­ ple, who does overseas hiring, won t do you any good at all if Exxon doesn't happen to be hir­ ing anyone. 
You may strike it lucky 

 and gel in touch with the light man at the right company at the right time. 
Then, again, you might 

 not. 
Again, you will have to 

 call the firm involved to see what they are offer­ ing and see if it is worth what they are asking for the service they provide. 

B eni brakes 

 the story you have 

 heard is true — at least partially. lf the nuts are put on 

 too tightly — particularly on 
Volkswagens and 

 other cars in which the bolts go inside the drum 
— the bolls can expand with heat and warp the brake drum 
This Is 

 usually most noticeable on disc brakes, 
It can ruin your 

 brakes. 
The dealers who havr 

 cars which use inside bolts rather than outside nuts h a ir pneumatic 

The weather 

 fo r Sunday 

SAN ANTONIO AND V IC IN I 
TY — F a ir Sun d ay through 
Monday. East to northeasterly w inds trom 
IO to 
15 mph becoming variable Sunday. High temperature tor Sunday in the mid 6os. Low tem perature tor 
Sunday in the mid JO s. High temperature tor Monday in the upper 6os. Sun rises at 6: 64 and sets at 6:16. The moon is full. 
Moon rises at 7.57 p m and sets at 7.19 a m. Temperatures Sa turdav ranged from 4? to 63 de grees. (National W eather Ser vice forecast.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y — 37 per cent as of 6 p rn Saturday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
- 
Total rainfall for the ?4 hour period ending at 6 p m Saturday, none; tor the month. ,?7 of on inch; for tho y e a r, 
4 28 inches 
Ac cumulated departure from nor­ mal for the month, minus OI of an •inch; for the year, plus .28 of on inch. 
N O RTH T E X A S — C learing and a little warmer on Sunday 
SOLITH T EX A S — Decreasing cloudiness Sunday becoming fair 
Sunday night and Monday. 
W EST T EX A S — Snow flurries central and south Sunday, oth erwise partly cloudy Decreasing cloudiness Sunday night heroin mg sunny and wormer Monday. 
N A T IO N A L — Show ers and thundershowers ore likely from the lower Mississippi Valley info the south Atlantic Coast states and rain will spread into the m iddle A tla n tic states and southern Appalachians. Snow flu rrie s w ill fa ll a c ro ss the northern and easte rn G re a t 
La k e s region and e x tre m e northern New England. There will be a few rom showers over the no rth ern A p p a la c h ia n s . 
Showers will spread Into the northern portions of the Pacific 
Coast and plateau region. Most other areas will have sunny 

 skies. T em peratu res w ill be cooler along the Atlantic Coast from southern New England into 
Georgia. Wormer readings are predicted from the central and southern plateau regions into the plains. 

Low 
I degrees above zero at 
Laramie. Wyo, 
H ig h . 87 d eg rees at F o rt 
Meyers, FIO. 

M A R IN E 
W IN D S — East to northeas­ terly winds from IO fo I i mph becoming variable Sunday 
T ID E S — Pbrt A ransas for 
Monday hiqh tides will be at 
3:15 a m and 3:37 p.m .; low tides will be at 1o:o5 a rn and 
9:56 pm 
Port Isabel for Mon day: high tides will be of J 14 o.m. and 4: 36 p m.; low tides will be at 1o:54 a m. and 1o:45 p m 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 
San Antonio 
4? 
63 
OO 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

SOUTH T EX A S 
Austin 
44 
Brownsville 
6o 
Corpus Christi 56 
Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Junction 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Amorino 
El Paso 
Fort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
Son Angelo 
Waco 

45 
4o 
37 
5o 
T EX A S 
35 
25 
24 
35 
3651 
33 
45 
34 
38 

58 
66 
59 
66 
62 
61 
62 

54 
45 
43 
45 
52 
54 
42 
57 
56 
57 

City 
Temproture 

Sun. 
Mon. 

Amarillo 
2/ 48 
25 6o 
Partly cloudy. cool 
Austin 
35 65 
36 69 
Fair, mild 
Laredo 
4? 68 
45 68 
Fair, mild 
Corpus Christi 
38 66 
4o 69 
Partly cloudy, mild 
Victoria 
37 65 
39 68 
Partly cloudy. mild 
Dallas Fort Worth 
38-6o 
37 69 
Fair, warm 
McAllen Brownsville 
45 69 
46 7o 
Clear, mild 
Houston 
35 58 
37 66 
Fair, mild 

SO UTHW EST 
Denver 
18 
4o 
Honolulu 
69 
82 
Los Angeles 
47 
71 
Las Vegas 
37 
62 
Phoenix 
46 
7o 
Salt Lake City 15 
41 
San Diego 
49 
72 
SOUTH C EN T R A L 
47 
53 
56 
51 
47 
53 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

,oo 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
NORTH C E N T R A L 
N O RTH EA ST 

Kansas City 
24 
Louisville 
34 
Memphis 
36 
Oklahoma Citv?8 
St. Louts 
33 
Wichita 
21 

SOUTHEAST 

OO 
Chicago 
3? 
39 
OO 
Boston 
39 
58 
.28 
Detroit 
35 
36 
.OO 
Buftalo 
33 
37 
OO 
OO 
Duluth 
23 
31 
OO 
Cleveland 
36 
37 
OO 
OO 
Indianapolis 
35 
38 
OO 
Columbus 
35 
41 
OO 
OO 
Milwaukee 
32 
35 
OO 
New York City 48 
63 
2o 
OO 
Minn-St Paul 
19 
3o 
.o3 
Philadelphia 
4o 
66 
.OO 
.OO 
Omaha 
24 
47 
.OO 
Pittsburgh 
36 
45 
.OO 
OO 
Sit Ste. Marie 2* 
29 
.47 
Portland, Me. 33 
46 
1.59 
Washington 
44 
7o 
OO 

Atlanta 
Birmingham 
Charleston 
Jacksonville 
New Orleans 
Raleigh 
Richmond 
Tampa 

54 
56 
64 
7o 
67 
64 
68 
85 

OO | 
.o8 i 
.13 • 
.77 
.7o ’ 
OO 
.oo oo; 

Bismarck 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 

N O RTH W EST 

Portland. Ore. 29 
Rapid City 
17 
San Francisco49 
Seattle 
39 
Spokane 
3o 

3761 
32 
43 
6o 
4o 
69 
55 
51 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

Jon. 3.1o 
Feb 
O TI . 
M ar. a it 
* im 

Apr 
MOV 
Jun 
Julv 
Aug 
Sept 
Oct. 
NOV 
Dec 

SAN ANTONIO 
P R ECIPITA TIO N 
1*77 
1*7* 
Av# 
o.5* 
o.13 
1.2o 
1*75 
2.3* 
6.91 
4.6o 
o 44 
1 22 
o.51 
2 25 
o.o3 
I 48 

5 67 
SIO 
1 61 
5 39 
2o9 
3 7* 
111 
2 46 
I 95 

1.7* 
1*5 
I.*7 
Av#. 
2.2S 
3.45 
2 95 
1 69 
2.36 
4 59 
2 3o 
I 37 
I 75 

Rec 
1.12 
7 l l 
4.19 
R#C. ll 64 
14.o7 
1o 44 
• ll 
11 14 
15.71 
9 56; 
6.79 
6 22 

FO R E IG N 
Based on observations token at 
6 a .rn 
Saturday San Antonio time. Temperatures are In Fah­ renheit (left) and Centigrade.) 

Brussels 
/Cairo 
Casablanca 
Copenhagen 
Dublin 
Geneva 
Hong Kong 
Lisbon 
London 
Madrid 
Malta 
Manila 
Moscow 
New Delhi 
Nice 
Oslo 

46 
o8 
73 
23 
// 
25 
45 
o/ 
5o 
IO 
55 
13 
59 
15 
66 
19 
5? ll 
66 
19 
66 
19 
72 
22 
32 
OO 
SI 
27 
59 
15 
36 
o2 

City ................. 
\ 
M EX IC O 
Aberdeen 
5o 
IO 
(Mexican temperatures appear 
Amsterdam 
5o 
IO in both Fah ren h eit and Centi- 
Ankara 
41 
OS grade or Celsius. Fahrenheit is 
Antigua 
77 
25 listed first in each column.) 
Athens 
61 
16 
Acapulco .......... 72 22 
88 '31 
Auckland 
68 
2o 
Guadalajara ... 39 o4 
82'28 
Berlin 
46 
o8 
Marabou .......... 46/o8 
77 '25 
Beirut 
54 
12 
Mexico City ___54 12 
81/27 
Birmingham 
48 
o9 
Monterrey 
___ 44/o7 
72/27 
Bonn 
5o 
IO 

Light rains dampen 
Texas 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

A blanket of clouds covered most of Texas 
Saturday as light rain mixed with snow moved into western portions of the the state. 
Light rain also fell in 
East and Southeast Tex­ as. 
The cloud cover kept temperatures at low hut tolerable levels. 
Late morning readings ranged from the upper 
3os in Northwest Texas to the 4os across North 
Texas to the 5os and Bds in southern portions. 
McAllen and 
Brownsville had the top reading at noon with BJ degress. 
The National Weather 
Service said the light rain would end Sunday and skies will clear and temperatures would rise. 

I have heard that if you get your lug nuts put on 
\Mth a pneumatic wrench it can bend your brake drums. 
I have just heard this recently and am now worried since I have always had my lug nuts put on with these mechanical dc\ ices. 
Is there any truth to this story? What can I do to avoid bending my brakes? And what part of the brakes bends if the pneumatic wrench is used? 
B ILLY J. 

 wrenches with adjustable per square-inch pres­ sure. 
The adjustm ent a l­ 

 lows them lo tighten the holts without making them se tight lhr\ will warp the brakes. It also makes the bolts easier to remove when you have a flat tire. 
You ran also tighten 

 the bolls to light with a manual wrench if you are not careful Our best ad vice is Just don't overdo it when you are tighten in* them — then your brakes will an* warp 

SILENCE IS GOLDEN . . . MUSIC IS STERLING 

AT OUR 
SAN PEDRO LOCATION ONLY! 
STERLING 
SOUND 

 pKoppcn k / n Q K )e ^ 
12-6 P.M. 
TODAY 
735-9173 
® 
46oo SAN PEDRO AVE. 

JUST 6 HOURS TO PICK UP SUPER STEREO AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT AT THE LOWEST PRICES OFFERED ALL 
YEAR! IFS A BONANZA OF BARGAINS BEING OFFERED ON NEW BRAND NAME PRODUCTS, DEMO’S, ODDS & ENDS 
AND MORE! LAY-AW AY AND EASY FINANCING AVAILABLE! 

W A S 
N O W 

1 STERLING 8 4 -o68 o 
89 .9 5 _______49.95 
8 Track Stereo Recorder 
2 J I L. 841 
89 95 ........ 59.95 
8-Trock A M /F M Car Stereo 
1 STERUNG 7o -o11 o 
199 9 5 . . . 75.oo 
A M /FM Stereo Receiver 
2 W OllENSAK 8 o 5 6 
219 9 5 . . .145.oo 
Deluxe 8-Track Stereo Recorder 
4 BOMAN BM 1332 
89 95 _______59.95 
A M /F M Radio and Cassette Car Stereo 
5 TECHNICS SA 5 3 5 o 
34 9 95 . . 235.oo 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
4 SONY SOR 4 7 5o 
5 o o o o . . 2 2 5.oo 
Four Channel A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
3 TEAC A 23ooS 
6 2 9 95 . . 4 5 5.oo 
Deluxe Open Reel Stereo Recorder 
5 ROYCE I 6 o o 
134 95 
____ 39.95 
23 Channel Mobile C B Radio 
6 WALD AX 8 
59 95 ea . . 
29.95 O U . 
Two-Way Bookshelf Speaker System 
IO STERLINGS.SR 46 13oo 
69 95 ______45.oo 
Automatic Record Player, Complete 
9 EIECTROC-VOICE EV M 6B 
139 95 ____ 89.95 
Three Way Speaker System 
3 ROYCE 1-6o1 (Foctory Reconditioned) 
159.95 . . . .49.95 
23 Channel Mobile CB. Rod to 
I PIONEER Pl 55X 
3o9 95 . . I 65.oo 
Semi Automatic, Direct Drive Turntable w/Cartridge 

W A S 
N O W 

1 CRAIG 31 33 
23 9 9 5 .. .135.oo 
2 or 4 Channel Cor Stereo w /Pushbutton F.M. Radio 
4 PACE CB-123 
159 95 
23 Channel Mobile C B. Radio 
4 KENW OOD KR 14oo 
179 95 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
2 SONY STR 7o 45 
3 7 o OO 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
2 PACE CB 145 
199 .95 
23 Channel Mobile C.B. Radio 
4 DUAL MODEL 5 1 o 
2 9 1 .8 o 
Semi-Automatic Belt Drive Turntable w/Cartridge 
2 TECHNICS SAS 15o 
22 9 .95 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
4 PACE CB-133 
23 Channel Mobile C B. Radio 

5 STERLING/B.S.R 4 6 -1 5 o o 
Deluxe Automatic Record Chanqer 
3 E R C. 146o 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
14 ELECTRO VOICE E V /13B 
79 95 eo 
45.oo WU. 
Two-Way Bookshelf Speaker System 
PACE DX23ooB 
23 Channel Bose Station C.B. Radio 
KENW OOD KT 13o oG 
A M /F M Stereo Tuner 
SONY STR 7o15 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 

I 

I 

119.95 

89 95 . 

18 9.95 

24 9 95 

139 95 

22o.oo 

1oo.oo 

1o5.oo 

139.95 

W A S 

DUAL/UNITED AUDIO 
1226 
2 5 8 .8 o . 
Automatic Record Player w/Shure Cartridge 
SHARP CB 5o o 
13 9.95 . 
23 Chonnel Mobile C B. Radio 
KENW OOD KR 3 4 o o 
2 5 9 .9 5 . 
A M /F M Stereo Receiver 
WOLLENSAK 8o 75A 
2 7 9 .9 5 . 
Deluxe 8-Trock Stereo Recorder w / Dolby 
PIONEER P II5D 
164 9 5 . 
Semi Automatic, Belt Drive Turntable w/Cartridge 
JOHNSON 25 o 
2 4 4 .9 5 . 
23 Channel Base Station C.B. Radio 
STERLING/B.S.R. 4 6 I IOO 
44 95 . . 
Complete Automatic Record Ployer 
DUAL/UNITED AUDIO 1 2 2 9 o 
361 8 o . 
Deluxe Automatic Record Player w/Cartridge 
JOHNSON 323A 
2 4 9 .9 5 . 
Deluxe 23 Channel Mobile C.B. Rodio 
ELECTRO-VOICE EV/14 B 
1 o 9 .9 5 . 
Two-Way Speaker System 
PIONEER PL 12D 
1 3 9 .9 5 . 
Manual Belt Drive Turntable w/Cartridge 
WOLLENSAK 8 o 8 o 
199.95 
Stereo 8-Track Tope Recorder & 4-Channel Player 
JOHNSON 123A 
1 5 9.95 . 
23 Channel Mobile C.B. Radio 

OUR CAR STEREO AND CB INSTALLATION CENTER IS OPEN FOR THIS SALE! HURRY!! 

ITEMS FEATURED BELOW ARE GOOD AT ALL LOCATIONS THRU TUESDAY 
I T T : 

. M 

ELECTRO-VOICE 
EVS-14B 
I 1o-INCH, 2-WAY 
STEREO SPEAKER 
SYSTEM IN 
W ALNUT FINISH. 
Reg. 
1o9.95 79.95 

* *Y . -V 

'Sr? v*.r? • f 

Technics SL-2o with 
Shure M91ED EP Cartridge 

• Servo Belt-Drive 
Turntable. 
• Electronic speed change. 
• Precision controls. 

R*9- 159.9o 119.95 

JOHNSON MESSENGER 13oA 

RADIOTELEPHONE 23-CH. 
CB TRANSCEIVER 

 j u s t 
7 9 . 9 5 

CLASSIC L-65o 
THREE-WAY STEREO 
SPEAKER SYSTEM 
TWELVE INCH 
WOOFER 

Reg. 199.95 

119.95 

ERC836o/BSR 48ooDX 

Sounds Great, Priced Right! 
Complete Home Stereo System 
• AM/FM Stereo Receiver. 
• 8 Track Tape Player. 
• 2-HI-FI Speakers. 
• Complete BSR Changer 
M g. 199.9o 
139.95 

CRAIG 3145 IN-DASH AM/FM STEREO 
RADIO WITH 8-TRACK 
Reg-144.9o 
TAPE PLAYER 
129.95 
W/ Craig 9427 flush-mount speaker kitl 

SWB/IRK 7o6 & CRAIG 9413 SPEAKERS 
Unbeatable Combo I 

• IN DASH AM/FM STEREO RADIO 
• 8 TRACK TAPE PLAYER 
R e a 
11 ® 9 o g PAIR OF CRAIG'S GREAT 
FLUSH MOUNT SPEAKERS 
89.95 

Super Thin Rechargeable 
Calculator in Leatherette 
SHARP 
Ca*e...Only 9/32" Thin 
• Liquid Crystal Display 
L 
J 
# 15 hour operate*) 
# Square root and % keys 
• 8 Digits 
Only 29.95 

OPEN 3 NIGHTS A WEER1 
MON THURS FRI IO 9. 

TUES & WED IO 6 SAT 9 6 

COMPLETE 23-CHANNEL CB PACKAGE 

Craig 
41o2 CB 

Audiovox CBA-11o 
Base Loaded Antenna 
Includes Hat dware 
And Tools. 

Reg. 184.9o 
159.95 

CRAIG T 8o1 AM/FM STEREO/CASSETTE PLAYER 
WITH A PAIR OF JENSEN 9853 SPEAKERS 

Power to spare with this Craig beauty. All the features needed to push great sound through the famous Jensen flush-mount speakers. 

8-DIGIT 

CALCULATOR WITH 
MEMORYI 

8 Functions Packed 
Into a Beautiful 
Rugged Case. 

A IHI) 
BJ 

Bn «.*>9.95 

Large S/RF meter 
P A. and external speaker jack. 
Illuminated channel indicator 
Great CB value I 

ONLY 
79.95 

 j*n » n C9946 TRIAXAL 
Speaker Kit 

Unbeatable Sound 
For Your Car! 

* . a »5.»5 79.95 

 fanyo H o63oo 
Cassette Record/ 
Play Deck! 

Front Load Stereo 
Cassette Deck with Dolby! 
This unit incorporates all the sophisticated features needed to produce high quality sound. 

Reg. 179 95 
159.95 

^ 
___ 

717 N W LOOP 41o 
14o7 S W MILITARY UR 
341 Bill 
924 5951 

■M M M M NM M HNBBM M eenw *** 

411 PAT BOOKER RO 
6 5 8 7o 7 7 
• 
U N IV E R S A L C I T Y 1 

‘Power Saver’ items built in Burns homes 

The added expense of furnish­ ing a new home has been d ra ­ matically reduced with innova­ tive built-in u n its in q u a l it y built, en ergy-savin g homes by the Burns Co. 

Designed to utilize all available space to give you more living space for your money, the built-ins eliminate the necessity of many furniture pieces most first-time homeowners lack. 

‘Dream come true' 
A B urn s Co. home in The Great 
Northwest or Hidden Forest can be the 
“dream come true” answer for the family on a budget who wants the ad­ vantages of home ownership without the expensive task of furnishing a complete home. With built-in units in the kitchen, den and some children's bedrooms, only the dining and master suite' remain to be completely fur­ nished. 
Kitchen activity may be centered around an updated version of the breakfast nook plan so popular during the 192os, with a corner area complete 

 with built-in seating and coordinated table, all under a shelved plant win­ dow. 
A home alundry center is tucked in­ conspicuously away behind pantry doors in one plan, and the stacked washer and dryer units are part of of the total top-of-the-line G E appliance package. 
Woodburning fireplaces and furni­ ture-finished cabinetry and bookcase units are standard features in Burns 
Co homes, with one design including a roll-out TX’ cabinet, completely anten­ na-wired. under the stair landing. 
Toy storage, drawer and cabinet space built into the walls, and com­ partment closets help keep children’s rooms neat and organized without a lot of additional furniture. Some chil­ dren's bedrooms boast recessed bed alcoves, complete with six-inch foam mattresses and storage drawers ben­ eath Ih«* bed. 
Every Burns Co. home is built with the proven “ Power Saver” construc­ tion techniques to reduce the major cause of increased utility bills: air in­ filtration. The B urn s Co. seals its homes during several stages of con­ 

 struction to eliminate the unnecessary flow of air into or out of your home that creates increased heating and cooling requirements and increased utility ex­ pense. VVhilo 9o per cent of the added energy-saving techniques are invisible in a completed home, the difference they make will be clearly visible on your monthly utility bill. 

The Burns Co. invites all prospective homeowners to see the advantages of owning a “ Power Saver” home this weekend. Representatives will be happy to show interested persons the power-saving techniques in homes under construction and the space-sav­ ing creative built-in units in their fin­ ished models. 

Located in The Great Northwest and 
Hidden Forest. Burns Co. models are open daily except Wednesday lrom noon to B p.m. 
To reach The Great Northwest, drive north of N.W. Loop 419 on Culebra 
Road to EM 471 Turn left and follow the signs. 
Hidden Forest is located off Bitters 
Road, north of N.W. Loop 41(1 on Blan­ co Road. 

B R IA R W IC K m odel hom es highlight gran d opening for this w ee ke n d 
Blimp in northeast S.A. marks grand opening of homes in Briarwick 

BU RN S CO. hom es present w ell planned ‘Pow er S a v e r’ features 

Curious about that blimp ho­ v e rin g over northeastern San 
Antonio? 
It says “ Briarw ick.” and it’s her­ alding an exciting new community! 
Extremely impressed 
So many people already have toured the northeastern Bexar County com­ munity out of curiosity and have been extremely impressed. 
Today, you can see. for yourself, the new Briarwick! 
An imposing new entryway greets you as you enter Briarw ick. Then w ind down the graceful Avenue of Flags to the three new furnished model homes. 
These are indicative of the new li­ festyle awaiting you in Briarw ick. 
They are open from 9 a m. until 8 p.m. daily. 
Briarwick’s out of the way just en­ ough to have clean air. sounds remin­ 

 iscent of the country and a peaceful environment. But it s also close en­ ough to be convenient. Nearby are shopping centers, schools and easy ac­ cess to Loop 41o. 
Today, see what everyone’s talking 

 about. 
.Just drive north of Loop 41o on Wet­ more Road past Thousand Oaks Drive to Briarwick. 
You can’t miss it. Just look up in the sky and see the Briarwick blimp! 

Read the Express-News 

Each Sunday in 
Classified Real Estate 

% 

% 

NEW HOMES 
TO W NH O M ES 
APARTMENTS 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday March 6 1977 
Page 
I -D 

/ r 
COM M UNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS °X 
( f 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIS IID DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIC!) DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIC DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIC!) DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

A NEWP 
DAY IN 
Briarwick 
AVENUE OF FLAGS 

 l l i i A ii royal crest homes 

7VKN 
TMS Fbk /Hoer. 
Bxcrr/N6 DGTAHy 

Choose Northeast Schools • Choose No City Taxes • Choose a Fireplace 
Choose Masonry Exterior • Choose Privacy Fencing • Choose Camelot 
... and they’re included in the price! 
[ mbr liv nook 

 kit 

 br 3 entry 

ADDRESS: 8727 Carrington 

•Cash price: $39,2oo. No down payment and no closing costs 
VA mortgage $39 7oo. 36o 
•qual monthly principal and inte est pay merits of $287.76 tor 3o years at 8 % Annual 
Percentage Rate 
Principal and Interest 
$287 76 
Taxes (County, Stale. School) 
66 49 
(NO!) city Taxes 
, 
O- 
Insurance 
I* 7$ 
TOTAL M O NTHLY PA YM EN T 
$364 oo 

 util J 

 gar 

Cul-de-sac location • N eighbor hood swimming pool and tennis courts • Minutes to beautiful new 
Windsor Park Mall • Convenient to Ft. Sam Houston and Randolph 
AFB • Easy access to expressways 

NO DOWN 
& NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

NO CITY TAXES MEANS 
LOWER MONTHLY 
PAYMENTS_______ 

Ray Ellison homes feature Energy- 
Saving Package • Built in electric kitchen with range, vent, d is h ­ washer, disposer • Central heat and air conditioning • Utility area with washer dryer connections. 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p m 
Take 
IH-35 to the Walzem Rd. exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 
PH. 655-4123 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

 ciAtnmp Otway 

S T A N D A R D ! 

Briarwick opening as popular lifestyle 

Briarw ick, by 
Royal 
Crest Homes, is proving a popular lifestyle for fa­ milies seeking to set up their homesteads in north­ eastern 
Bexar 
County, beyond the reach of city taxes but within five min­ utes driving time to N.E. 
Loop 
41o via 
W etmore 
Road. 
Several homes already have been sold, even before the grand 

 opening this weekend. 
Briarwick sales representa­ tives Ed Richardson and Mor­ gan Alsobrooks report that the two most important single items new home buyers in Briarwick are looking for include North 
East District schools for their 

 at $28,5oo and increase, accord­ ingly, to $43,ooo. According to 
Richardson, “ Young families anxious to own their first home are finding the less expensive models well within their finan­ cial reach, yet packed with standard items that are often children and a location outside optional ‘e x tr a s’ with other the city limits with no city taxes, builders. " thereby reducing monthly pay­ ments. 
Briarwick offers the home- buyer a broad range of li­ festyles, with prices that begin 

Thermostatically - controlled central heating and air condi­ tioning deliver an energy-effi­ cient wallop because the units 

CENTENNIAL m odel highlights sh ow ings of new hom es in Briarw ick this w eekend 

 are teamed with an energy dards; turbine roof ventilator package designed to cut energy and interlocking thresholds de­ consumption dram atically, signed to halt infiltration of out- whether in the heat of Summer side air. Some models even fea­ ture double-pane windows and attractive brick and stone fire­ places that are sure to bring a warm glow to chilly evenings. 

 or the coldest of Winter days. 
Included in the energy pack­ age is wall and ceiling insulation that exceeds VA/FHA stan- 

M P U T 

While Briarwick offers a wide variety of attractive exterior designs, the quality evident on the outside is just as evident on the inside, with top quality, long-lasting appointments and appliances. 
See DOLLAR, Page J comma aum ?------------ eu»r#f*o«®Tf 

EXCITING NEW DESIGNS AND 
FLOORPLANS 

It's a return to the country. No traffic, no city noises, Briarwick is away from cluttered city living. Serenity abounds on this lovely hilltop overlooking Northern Hills Country Club. 

New Royal Crest homes boast many plush extras! Most plans feature: af Replaces • luxurious carpeting 
• cathedral ceilings • indoor utility rooms •patios amany more of the features you want! 
$3o,ooo to $43,ooo 

9 
E 

FREE GIFTS: 
Saturday and Sunday 
EA C H H O U R some lucky family will win their choice of: 

1. An Instamatic Camera complete with flip-flash 
2o exposure roll of film and flash bulbs; 
OR 
2. A Corning Ware 
Starter Set containing1 
VA qt. saucepan, 2 qt, saucepan and 1o" skillet, all with covers. 
Perfect for Microwave cooking) 

• M A S O N R Y E X T E R IO R S 
• E X T R A IN S U L A T IO N 
• IN T E R L O C K IN G T H R E S H O L D S 
• POW ER A T T IC V E N T IL A T O R S 
• A IR IN F IL T R A T IO N W E A T H E R ST R IP P IN G 
• D O U B L E -P A N E W IN D O W S (M O ST P LA N S) 
• C U S T O M -E N G IN E E R E D C E N T R A L H E A T A N D A IR 

A N D .. . 
ENERGY-SAVING 
MICROWAVE 
OVENS 

[H LITTON 
MicfowM* Coolung 

•Most Royal Crest homes in Briarwick inclu this Litton Microwave Oven. Conventional cooki and the convenience of Microwave in one sc cleaning unit. 

V 
\ 
\ 
|—r, 
- r — SH- 
* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
Dollar for dollar, 
Briarwick ‘tops 

★ ★ Country living ★ ★ a ir 

Imagine a lovely hilltop with refreshing Summer breezes, 

 an exquisite view of a country club with rolling fairways! 
This is Briarwick! 
A serene, country environment away from the congestion 

 of the city, the traffic and the noise. Yet Briarwick is close enough to many prime locations to be most convenient for today’s lifestyles. 
Shopping centers are just a couple of miles away. Loop 41o 

 is a practically traffic-free drive via Wetmore Road. 
The excellent North East District schools serve the 

 northeastern Bexar County community. There are no city taxes, making it an even more desirable location. 

Briarwick kitchens are truly splendid, designed for conven­ ience and beauty for the part­ time gourm et chef or the full­ tim e housewife in a hurry to prepare fam ily m eals after a day at the office. Kitchen tasks are made easier by the built-in 
Magic Chef undercounter dish­ washer. 
Some Briarw ick m odels fea­ ture, as stan d ard , the Litton combination microwave range, 

CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
W W D PU M A ? 
TiAinmp a g a v 

• 
' 
- 
V 
< 
A U R O R A m odel showing 

 which gives the chef a choice of either cooking with microwave only or with conventional baking and broiling. 
U sing the two m ethods in combination offers the best fea­ tures of each method, as m i­ crowaves penetrate the food and 

 wm rn* 

J" ,y< 
•yv:S/v:X v;> : v < 
? 
• ; , ....rf;* « • £ > . 'n. .. ' 
>.v■: 

CLASSIFIED DI SA LAY 

 as one of three furnished, decorated m odels in Briarwick 

 cook quickly and conventional lily homes well within the reach heat browns in crispness — all of the growing family of moder- in about one half the tim e of ate incom e. B riarw ick also conventional cooking. offers unabashed luxury to those 
All in all, Briarwick, by Royal looking for a way to move up to a 
Crest Homes, offers the ultimate new lifestyle of country living, in new home features at econo- with easy ac ce ss to all north- mical prices that bring top qua- eastern conveniences. 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CCA SLIFKO DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 

Follow the Blimp to o Briarwick this weekend! 

JL 

AVEN U E 
OF F LA G S 

A spectacular welcome awaits you in­ side the rock wall entrance to Briarwick 
. . . with its colorful Avenue of Flags. 
The impressive display paves the way for even more excitement . . . the new 
Royal Crest homes. 

Al 

Loop 16o4 i&fwick 

IV, 

NO CITY TAXES 
NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

494*1926 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN 9 AM -8 PM royal crest homes 

P o g e 
4 - D 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
Morton/S.W. sent ‘to top’ 

The success story written for 
Morton / Southwest during the 
Bicentennial Year had a large number of different authors. 
To put it simply, they are the many 
San Antonians who bought and moved into the Freedom and Success Homes the leading builder-developer still fea­ tures in three outstanding commun­ ities. 
Models furnished 
Fully furnished, professionally de­ corated models can be seen this wee­ kend in Lakeside, located in southeas­ tern Bexar County off U.S. Hwy. 87 outside S E. Loop 41o; Valley Forge, off 
O'Connor 
Road between 
Nacogdoches Road and N.E. IH 35; and 
Cimarron, just south of N E. FM 16o4 east of Kitty Hawk Drive. 
The two series are aptly named, too. 
Freedom Homes are called that be­ cause they, literally, set buyers “ free from rent" into a new world of home a iisiin m baHAi------- 
Ct* SMWID BUHAY 

 ownership. Success Homes arc so named for the series’ unique features that would make the purchase of any a certain success. 
“ Affordability” is a key word for each series. Freedom Homes are priced from as low as $28,5oo; Success, 
$34,ooo. No comparable homes arc built for those kind of prices these days; so, Morton/Sou th west has a valid claim to leadership in San Antonio ar­ ea housing. 
Morton / Southwest has drawn de­ signs from ingenious floor plans which have revolutionized the market for new homes by making them more afforda­ ble and more useful, square foot by square foot. Traffic patterns are ideal. 
This is the way those who have had to rent actually sacrifice nothing at all when they buy and move into a new 
Freedom or Success home by Morton / 
Southwest. The case is quite the con­ trary; they gain all they've ever want­ ed 
Freedom Homes go far beyond the euiwue BEHAV-------- 

 basics, too. They feature all the frill modern families have come to expect in a new home. This, indeed, is just one of the many reasons Freedom Homes have gained such popularity. 
Their three- and four-bedroom plans include two complete baths generally 
.sought by home buyers today. All this is figured into an attractively afforda­ ble package in a price range families today can afford A Freedom Home, in other words, is no “ pearl of great price.” 
Pantry kitchens feature the right kind of appliances to lessen the work­ load for today’s homemaker. Dish­ washers, disposers, ranges, vent hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided in Freedom Homes. All appliances carry the reliable Magic Chef brand name. 
Other extras Morton / Southwest has made available in Freedom Homes are wall-to-wall closets with storage space extending all the way to the ceiling and sliding doors of panel designs, finished raW W TODEV 

 two-car garages, utility and work ar­ eas. patios with sliding glass doors, clever blends of masonry and wood for striking exteriors, carpeting of buyers’ choices of colors and styles, Friedrich central air and heat systems and. in most, woodburning fireplaces. 
Success Homes vividly reveal that an enjoyable home remains the “ great 
American dream” and one that can be realized without great sacrifices. 
The large amounts of total square footage in the Success plans can be seen in spacious family rooms, separ­ ate dining areas, large family rooms and sizeable living rooms. In fact, the patios for Success Homes are family sized. 
Also included are large, decorative kitchens which boast space-saving built-ins like M agic Chef ranges, ovens, vent hoods, dishwashers and stainless steel Waste King disposers. 
The scope of Success Homes, how­ ever, goes far beyond their useful space. The luxury appointments add 

MORTON/SOUTHWEST offers offordoble new homes 

 much to how they present more than the money’s worth 
They include shag carpeting in liv­ ing rooms, master suites and hallways; privacy fences; woodburning fire ­ places in family rooms; abundant ca­ binetry in pantry kitchens; compart­ mented ceram ic baths; walk-in or wall-to-wall closets; handsome paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beamed cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose the colors and pat­ terns for carpets and wallcoverings. 
Each home in this in gen iou sly- 

CiAtHMtO P IIIA T ciAumnowuY 
ClAMmCD DISMAY 

 planned series also features a utility area and a finished two-car garage. 
Lakeside is a neighborhood unique in its recreational offerings. They include a lake for boating and fishing, tennis courts, swimming pool and park area. 
School district is East Central. 
Valley Forge, also with a swimming pool and tennis courts, is in the North 
East School District. 
Cimarron, with access to a number of amenities like a swim club. Scout hut and playground, is in the Judson 
School District. 

• S h a y --------------------- 
GIVE YOURSELF A DIG DREAR. 
COME AND SEE THE DEST VALUE 

FREEDOM 6 
$ 3 3 ,8 7 5 

 br 2 br 3 

 family 

 brk'f st 
A 

W I 

 mbr 

Jk 

 tw /d tn 
« 

Over 2oo companies built homes in San 

Antonio last year. 
More people chose 

MORTON/SOUTHWEST. 
Some looked long 

 cmd herd before they decided. Some got the 

 message right aw ay, drove straight to one 

 or more of our communities, made a 

 money’s worth decision, and stayed • • • hap- 

 pity over after. l 

ISL 

S u c c e s s Q u o te s 

STANDARD FEATURES (NOT OPTIONS): 
■ 3 & 4 Bedrooms 
B 2 hand-crafted ceramic tile baths 
B Wood-burning fireplaces 
B 2-car Finished Garages 
Pl Rich Shag Carpeting in Living 
Room, Master Suite, and 
§ Hallway to m All Electric Kitchen with Self- deaniog Range 

.% > 

> 

A y 
Read our “ m oney’s w orth” philosophy, 
S large famtly-size Patios 
■iL-p 
4U 
Friedrich air and then corno took us over. 
. 
S 
. 
. 
3 conc|,tinning in attic to give believing at MORTON/SOUTHWEST! 
® Pnvocy fence 

A ■ •• . 
J. !’■ J. 
LDL 

 i 
* 
■■ 

! 1 -i i-y 
■ r. 
' 
V „ 

-YEP 

, 
* , 
: < *■ 

 you more space & quiet. 

STANDARD FEATURES (NOT OPTIONS): 
B Three and four bedrooms 
H M i* s a ® ? 
B 2 Car finished garage 

2 Full hand-set ceramic tile 
V baths mm 

B Rich shag carpeting 

B Appliances — dishwasher/ disposal, Magic Chef Range 

B Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

B Large closets and storage space 

B Utility rooms (in most designs) 

WHAT DOES “ MONEY’S WORTH” 

MEAN? 
JS&js' 

 m m 
, 
MORE living space fa r the d o O tffiw r 
*r* 
GQdQSlTiKT**. 
QnOSSnOV ^ r - f 
MORE enjoym ent extras. 9 

^ O M n M N Q n ^ o u r home porch 

SEINO PROUD of your neighborhood. 

NO MORE rent increases and 

A BIG tax deduction. 

AN ENERGY "EFFICIENT H O M E .^ ^ fe 

' J . br 2 

- J E g E 
* .. y le M M f w- es. 

I 

 ny 

 to * 

M M I. 

 brk'fst 
T 

 family s'op.4 

 master suite living /dining 

2 car garage 

 porch 

STATESMAN 
$ 4 1 ,2 7 5 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY ’TIL DUSK 
VALLEY FORGE 
655-5931 
CIMARRON 
658-4793 

LAKESIDE 
648-3491 

VALENCIA 
6 5 5 -5 9 8 2 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL JUNE 
NOTHING DOWN VA 

8% VA FINANCING 

FHA & CONV. AVAILABLE 

 m a s MAY VARY ACCORDINO TO NilGHIORHOOD AND LOCATION 

OUT OF TOWN CALL 
COLLECT 
WRITE: P O. BOX 18428 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
78286 morton southwest 

. . .w e are our greatest com petitor. 

, 
. 
+ : i 
. 
■ 
> 
* 2 ‘ 
. • • r 
' 
* 
‘\ 
o 
T: \ *»#-• . 
' 
■■■f * *'*•* 
- * 
Vt - . _ 
» J* i t 
‘ < A i v - .o , 

■ Xi'-1 
*yX-.v“ 
:N>:X. a w , 
“This is the home we wanted first the in 

“H e r e real 
Im fifty things lift here." 

Mr. and Mrs. Tony Wright found just what they wanted. 
II e looked al a lot o f communities before u e decided on 
A O R THCF IFFE. II e found this to be more home for less money than anywhere else, (.lose at hand are swimming 
/tools, tennis courts, g o lf course, driving range, ftro shaft, club, bar— the narks. A nd ice really lace the fireplace in aur bed roam. 

8 % VA *1oo VA m o v e -in 
5% DOWN C O N V.-IO W CLOSING 

 ll c re eery picky people. II e icont aver the 
/lame ihocking little things like moulding, the n a y the mortar was aftfilied ... every thing, h i d the few things that a ero wrong i i ere fixed right an the sfiot. The salesman wouldn't let us move in until everything was /terfeet. pressure, na idiot treatment. HOM ECH A b l people are ftroud af their product, and they leant us ta be proud af it. too. " 

Directions! Drive IH -33 North 
6.3 mi. past Loop 16o4 to 
Exit 11o9. Follow Signs. 
QUALITY • INTEGRITY • PRICE 

NORTHCLIFF!*. 
C ountry G u b E stales 

$ 6 o ,7 5 o t o $ 1 o 3 ,o o o 

NEW 3, 4 & 5 BEDROOM HOMES 
659-1261 or 
625-9175 
NORTHCLIFFE 

$ 3 7 ,2 5 o t o $ 4 4 ,9 5 o 
NEW 3 & 4 BEDROOM ALI BRICK 

659-o471 or 
625-9195 
NORTHCUFFE 
East 
$ 2 7 ,4 5 o t o $ 3 6 ,9 5 o 
NEW 2, 3 & 4 BEDROOM HOMES 
WITH THE EXCLUSIVE NEW OPTION FEATURES 
6 5 9 - 1 1 6 1 or 
6 2 5 - 7 5 6 6 

Northcliffe community becomes popular address 

Northcliffe, at this point, is no household word, hut. judging by the way the new $15o million, single-family, residential/golf course com m unity by H om e­ craft Corp. is catching on, it soon will be just that. 
The splendidly recreational co m ­ munity off N.E. III 35 just northeast of 
Hubertus Road (EM 11o3) has become a permanent address for numerous fa­ milies since it opened last September. 
‘Nothing but best’ 
Each family that has moved into 
Northcliffe have nothing but the best to say about the neighborhood and the homes they chose. They all agree that no other community is more compre- clAS*.7liD 

 benshee of a hom e b u y e r's u rg e n t needs and strong desires. 
Northcliffe is stated as the collective name for the community comprised of three different parts: Northcliffe East, 
Northcliffe Country Club Estates and 
Northcliffe. Each sector has a model home park for the Homecraft houses it offers. . 
The three model home parks, then, represent a wide price range, different lifestyles and, all together, total 13 fully furnished, professionally decor­ ated models. 
The homes in the Northcliffe sectors have received w idespread attention because of their innovative, energy- saving Snug Home P ro g ra m , which includes gray tint solar glass windows, precision-fitted steel doors insulated w m a t------------------------------ d A W M b ' M K I v ------------- 

 and with a refrigerator-type magnetic w e a th e rs trip , in su la te d foil-back sheath in g and an en ergy-efficient, all-electric air conditioning and heat­ ing system. 
In addition to Homecraft's exclusive 
Snug Home Program , the Northcliffe homes, as a whole, have a one-year warranty on construction and all ser­ viceable products. 
N o rthcliffe E a st m o dels two- to four-bedroom h om es priced from 
$27,5oo to $31,75o. Northcliffe Country 
Club Estates has homes priced from 
$oo,5oo to $93,5oo, and m any have a view of the area's 18-hole cham pion­ ship golf course. N orthcliffe offers sp acio u s three- and four-b edro om homes priced from $37,25o to $44,95o 
N o rthcliffe E a st hom es fe a tu re 
ClA8**»w I«A Y ---------------------- W J U m BUHAY 

NORTHCLIFFE e n tra n c e w a y m arks th e latest in H o m e craft .Corp.'s housing 
H o m e c ra ft’s exclusive Option P ro ­ gram. as well. The basic home here boasts an all-brick exterior with a two-car garage, finished cabinetry, boxed window seats and, in three-be­ droom plans, sliding glass patio doors. 
The buyer has the option, according to needs and budgets, to add one or all of the option features, such as carpeting, wallpaper, oversized patio, room-fin­ ished garage and appliances — range, dishwasher, disposer, air conditioner or vent hood — and wall cabinet. For example, if the owner did not wish to install dishw asher at move-in. they have hook-ups ready for im m ediate installation later. 
Northcliffe Country Club Estates is 

CLA8M9WB DISPLAY 

 an exclusive home com m unity s u r ­ rounded by the natural beauty and en­ vironment of an 18-ho!e championship golf course. Some of these h o m e s’ striking features include gourmet kit­ chens, luxury appointment in m aster baths and double fireplaces with a view from m a ste r suites and dens. 
Homeowners hold the choices for co­ lors of p a in t, c a rp e t, form ica and wallpaper, as well as selection in roof and brick. 
Northcliffe offers a wide variety of exterior designs. Traditional. M edi­ terranean. French and the like, and four distinctive floor plans. Each fea­ tu res a w oodburning fireplace, a ll­ brick exterior and spacious kitchen ca m ion a w m 
‘“ 

 with built-in cabinets and all-electric kitchens. In addition, there is a prac­ tical pantry and washer - dryer arca with overhead built-in cabinets adja­ cent to the two-car garage. Four de­ corated models are open here. 

As a whole, Northcliffe is located on 
8o5 acres with substantial frontage along N E. IU 35. Northcliffe Country 
Club Estates is in the Comal School 
District: Northcliffe East and North­ cliffe, Schertz-Cibolo-Universal City 
District. 
Construction is well under way on 
Phase I of Northcliffe’s $2 million golf, tennis and swim club am enity p ro ­ gram. cuiMmBgBParr-------------------ciasivwp a m a y ------------ 

Mr. and Mrs. Troy Wilson are retired and wanted some place quiet and peaceful. 
Its only fifteen minutes ta 
San Antonio, yet it s just like living in the coun­ try— lakes and hills all around— country living with all the facilities a f toivn. A nd when ive decided to hay our home n os ready. 

Carlton and Cynthia Duck moved into town recently. “l i e Here throwing our money i nl ay on rent and decided we wanted i i ftlace of our oun. 
(.lose to San Antonio, lint far enough a w a y — sort o f a retreat. NORTHCLIFFE was it. It s /thinned so 
Hell. A nd as for the home ... these /teofile really built quality into it. It s ijuite a feeling to relax by the pre and think about hon lucky ice H ere to get to know HOMECRAFT. ' 

... and there s nothing like a color-coordinated, sftace saving, roomy kitchen aith all the ap- l ti in tues I ever dreamed of having. Its everyth­ ing ive wanted. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— 
Sunday March 6 1977 
You seek, you find at ‘Creek’ 

TWIN CREEK, a northwestern Bexar County 

 community introduced about 3 ’/2 years ago 

 by Homecraft Corp., will feature fully fur­ 

 nished, professionally decorated model 

 homes this weekend. The neighborhood is 

 located off Grissom Road between Bandera 

 and Culebra Roads north of N .W . Loop 

41o, outside city limits and thus outside city 

 taxes. 

Professional pla nning by Homecraft Corp. has m ade Twin Creek one of the fastest growing com ­ munities in the Sun An­ tonio area. 
The northwestern Bex­ a r County d ev e lo p m e n t offers the kind of homes m o d e r n f a m i l i e s a r e looking for today and can afford. 
Established 
T w in 
C r e e k , now th o u g h t of as an e s t a b ­ lished neighborhoods for 
San A n to n ia n s, h as a c ­ q u ire d a la rg e populu s since it opened in Fall. 

197T 
H o m e c r a f t h o u s e s in 
Twin C reek, which a re p r i c e d fro m as low as 
!S'54.9.iO. have either three or four b e d r o o m s , two b a t h s and tw o -ca r g a r ­ a g e s. All for s a le tins w e e k e n d also hav e intl per cent masonry ex ter­ iors as just one energy- saving feature. 
H omecraft houses are h o m e m a k e r s ’ d e l i g h t s because of their kitchens full of work-saving fea­ t u r e s like a l l - e l e c t r i c , d e l u x e 
M a g ic 
Chef r a n g e s and cont Piously 

 cleaning ovens, built-in d i s h w a s h e r s for double lo a d s, d i s p o s e r s and plenty of c abine t space planned for working and storage convenience. 
Other line features of 
H o m e c r a f t h o u s e s a r e h a n d c ra fte d fire pla ce s, put m s , r o o m -fin ish ed t w o -c a r g a r a g e s w ith overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 
Luxury a p p o i n tm e n ts of th e h o m e i n c lu d e a ch o ice of s h a g or sculptured nylon c a rp et­ ing in all bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. Two full ce ram ic tile b a th s have m a r b l e 

 d r e s s i n g v a n i t i e s w ith mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of wallcovering. 
H o m e c r a f t f e a t u r e s which help save energy include full insulation iii walls BVr ineh insulation in ceilin g s, o x e r - e n g in ­ e e r e d a i r c o n d i t i o n i n g and heat systems requir­ ing m i n i m a l u se p lu s doors and windows which shut tightly. 
Streets in Twin Creek necessitate slow traffic, and house exteriors along each c r e a te an i m p r e s ­ sive blending of both co­ lors and styles. It was all planned that way, too. 
T h e c o m m u n i t y also 

CLASSIFIED IM SFLA T 
CLASSIFIED OISFLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

A LITTLE BIRD* 
SHOWED US... 

‘ an Oak Meadowlark 

. . . The way to 7 the newest, most 
*- exciting area for living in the San Antonio area 

Announcing Phase ll of O AK MEADOW. 
Dramatic 1 and 2 story floorplans, tea tunng 3,4 and 5 bedrooms. Large spacious homes among the trees . . . private, hidden 

 values . . , the homeowner w ill grow to 
^ appreciate. A Sitterle World, in a country atmosphere, only 6 minutes from the 

 r ma,,s ar>d Loop 41o. 

 f l f r 

3, 4 and 5 Bedroom Homes from $54,6oo • VA, Conventional 
Financing • No City Taxes • N.E. Schools • Complete Recrea tional Facilities • Energy Saving Insulation ‘ Cedar Roofs ‘ Large, 
Wooded, Landscaped Lots • Models Open Daily 

M A R K E T E D BV GU Y C HI PM AN C O M P A N Y R E A L T O R S 

Meadow 
492-227o 

Rise to 
Xew H eights.. 

WHERE A 36o° VIEW 

& 
COMES WITH 
THE HOUSE. 

Dec*. 

 r 

B et!'w ont 2 

 u 

3 I 

C .lf p u n 

Omtity Hoom 

L h» 

Minter 

11 ,o n I 

O.• i n r .S I CONO FLOOR 

FIRST FLOOR 

28629 Dapper Dan Drive, situated high on a hill and designed to take advan­ tage of the spectacular view of the rolling F air Oaks Ranch landscape. 
FAIR OAKS f LAT UKE-S 

• 2V: to IS acre tracts, naturally 
•Central water system on most landscaped tracts 
•Choice hilltop sites 
•Situated in 3 counties: 
Bexar, 
• Near IM IO, 16 miles north of 
Kendall and Comal 
Wonderland 
• Riding trails loi horses 
•8 new tennis courts and Swim Club 
• Open daily for inspection 

^ 
Diet/ Elkhorn Rd 

X | | 
FAIR • 
I 
T x 
. O A K S 

T * Ail v*. J c >*rnp 
• Stanley 

L l On 

 lo o p 16o4 
I 1o I 

USA • 

Visit the f dir Ouxs booth 

 and |hd« presentation upper I Aw l, Central Park Mall. 

Don Smith Company 

698 244o • 698 2832 

Obtain from developer H U O Property 
Report and read belute signing any­ thing. H U D neither approves the merits of the offering, nor the value, if any, of the property. 

 features its own private c l u b h o u s e a l r e a d y e n ­ joyed by Twin Creek re­ sidents. It offers green- fenced tennis courts well lighted at nights. Other recreational facilities in­ clude a sw im m ing pool, wading pool, clubhouse w ith e q u i p p e d k itc h e n an d a p l a y g r o u n d for youngsters. 
Although s u r r o u n d e d by n a t u re , Twin Creek also has a location of ut­ most convenience. Here deer are seen running or feeding and city noises are never heard, but the t h o r o u g h f a r e B a n d e r a 
Hoad is just a mile away; 
NAV. Loop 41o. one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek resi­ dents. 
L o ca te d in the p r e f e r r e d 
N o r t h s i d e 
School D i s t r i c t . Tw in 
( r e e k is also close to 
C TS A, 
I S A A. 
South 
Texas 
Medical 
Center. 
Southwest Research Insi- tute and Kelly and Lack­ land AFBs. 
Twin C reek is most ea­ sily reached by driving north of NAV. Loop 41o on 
Bandera Road and t u r n ­ ing west onto G r i s s o m 
Road (FM 471). following signs which lead to the m a r k e d e n t r a n c e w a v . 
More s ig n s lead to the c o m m u n i t y ’s six fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes. 

CLASSIFIED DI SALAY 
CLASSIFIED OISFLAY 
CLASSIFIED OISFLAY 

CLASSIFIED IM SF LAY 

North Castle Hills 
For $45,ooo. 

H I 

 b a r I 
DLNLXG 

GARAGE 

UTILITY' z 

The Peppertree 
$45,ooo. 

Sounds incredible, doesn’t it? Now you can live like you always said you would. In San A ntonio’s most prestigious neighborhood, in a unique community with it*, own tennis courts and swimming pool. Live rn your own single family patio-styled home. W ith a courtyard, walls of glass that wrap around, and your own privacy-walled backyard. 
O nly a few left. Hurry’ out today. Summerhill 
Phase One is almost sold out. Phase Two is on its way. And prices like this won’t come your way again. Call your Realtor or the Guy Chipman 
Company at 344-3951 today. 

I’m Buddy Burns. And frankly, 
I've never understood why some people are willing to pay $35o or more a month to live in an apartment. 
So I asked a few couples who rent apartments in San Antonio, and here's what they told me: "We don't have much furniture, and we can't afford a home right now'." 
You Don't Need Much Furniture. 
I w'as so surprised by the number of couples renting expensive apartments that I decided to de­ sign and build a home lust for them. I call it my Power Saver ll* Series. These homes offer all the energy-efficiency advan­ tages of my original Bower 
Saver® homes, plus something extra . . . built-in furniture. I've included built-in breakfast nooks, built-in bookcases, built­ in guest beds and built-in seating storage. In some models, I've even included built-in over-and- under laundry closets with the washer and dryer included. 

But Can You Afford It? If you and your spouse have a com­ bined income of $16,ooo, you can afford a Burns Co. Power 
Saver ll* home. A home that makes your apartment look dull by comparison. A home with spacious living areas, plush deep-piie carpet, furniture- finished paneling and cabinetry, and a woodbuming fireplace. A big, bright "w ife saver" kitchen with General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. 
Luxurious baths w’ith marble vanities, and full size tubs. And an elegant master suite with walk-in closets and separate dressing area. 
Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ 

 noon to see my new Pow'er 
Saver II® homes in The Great 
Northwest. We'll give you an informal tour and answer any questions you might have about becoming a homeowner instead of a renter. For additional infor­ mation, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. You might even snow' this ad to your landlord. With ail the money he's making off your rent check, he might want to invest in a 
Burns Co. Power Saver lh1 home himself! hi nisei* 
•ikejjn h m 
- c o - 
11831 Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 78216 

Built in hiLjkijxt nook, 
Power Saver ID M odel H om e 

YOUR LANDLORD 
ISNT GOING TO 
LIKE THIS AD. 

A 

TWO GREAT COMMUNITIES 
IN TW O GREAT AREAS 
OF TO VEN 

'4oo MICROWAVE 

 i . . 
' 
■ 
*' .V . . “* > , 
’ V .R#* 

OVEN AS AN 

ADDITIONAL 

FEATURE IN 

TWIN CREEK 

INCREASE IN 

5% D O W N 
CO NV. FIN. 

@ 8 ^ % 

TOTAL 
MOVE IN 
V.A. 

(a) 8 % 

Green Spring residences ‘differ mal safety and conven­ ience. The street layout minimizes traffic flow for greater safety, and security guards patrol the area nightly. Land has been set aside on the perim eters of 
Green 
Spring Valley for com­ mercial use and w ill soon provide residents with convenience stores and similar facilities. 
This natural living en­ vironment is located just nine minutes from NAV. 
Loop 41o and 15 minutes from North Star and 
Central Park Malls. 
Green Spring V alley residents pay no city taxes, and the subdi­ vision lies in the North 
East School District. 
Prices range from 
$44,ooo to $84,ooo. F in ­ ancing is available at ad­ vantageous terms. 
Visit Green Spring 
Valley today and enjoy the natural environment actually enhanced by this innovative housing deve­ lopment. 

TWO-OS 
CAUKX 

 mm: h 
Wmmmmmmm 

MfcSTCR 

■■IMW 
■MMI 
.OI 
PORCH 

BPrntertain outdoors. ! 1 
^ f 
T Z E 
, r ti 
J, £ BEDROOM r f I p i BEDROOM I 
Then in Fall, warm 
| i | 
I your hands at a 
I — E T U I.......I magnificent free-standing fireplace. 
Or in Spring, cool your heels 
W jM s with breezy ceiling fans. 
' m § f\ Ahh ... Mother Nature’s own 
* M comforts of home. 
* 
$ y°U nOW9 y°U mQy c^oose 
I your own interior finishings.) 

GREEN SPRING VALLEY models shown 

Realty World set to grow in S.A. 

 of some 3o days would be a figure closer to reality. 
The regional director is so pleased with the positive response from local 
Realtors that he expects between 25 and 3o offices in Bexar County to join 
Realty World eventually. 
Realty World is a member of the San 
Antonio Board of Realtors already. 
Tolbert said the firm stresses “ pro­ fessionalism. with strong emphasis on training programs and recruiting pro­ grams. 
Further details and additional infor­ mation on Realty World will appear in future editions of the F.xpress-News 
Golden Twins section. 

 rf SAN ANTONIO ilNl* ANATRON At 
% 
A'NKMT 
. 

WHO' 

A prestige community with tennis courts, pools, parklands and the most beautiful contemporary homes in San Antonio. 

I REALTY WORLD] 

 j MURPHY g ASSOC I 
482-4444 

Realty World, a real estate company recent to the San Antonio area, is introduced by, left, to right, W ayne Flanagan, Jerry 
Tolbert, Russ Verkon and Mickey Sarver. 

N.E. SAN A N T O N IO ’S 
BIGGEST HOME VALUES 
N .W . SAN A N TO N IO ’S 
FINEST COM M UNITY 
BEDROOM I 

Very important connections - for your Masher-dryer1 AM our 2-3 bedroom units have them - so your 
Masher and dryer can move right in with you to create your own private laundry area 
• Super kitchen with built in sp ice cabinet and pass thru bar 
• Self-clean oven no 
» frost refrigerator 
U 
/ 
• Private 4 * 8 storage 
V / for an your hideabies 
• 5 floorptans - 
-A jL \ 
*yi choice of 1.2 3 bed- 
\ / m rooms firepl#ce/den 
♦ • ‘•"■ "vly 
• 2 pools tennis. 
/ 
\ 
K \ spacious clubhouse ' 
\ 
JJ A ■ security 24 hour a 
/ V day professional 
. / 
V . management 
Zr 
GO rfi* 
•• 
NOS 

 m x S S m 
H!U 
I 
AAABTMf HTS e r jy 
Phase ll 7b2f> Callaghan p, 
B T 
Open eeekdays ti 
TO p rr 
349-121/ 

BEDROOM 2 
PATIO 

DININO 
LIVING 

PLAN #2o4 
\ 

A Spacious fireplace ond 
\ mantle A Extra spacious 
\ living-fam ily area ★ Twin sliding doors to w rap 
I j around patio it Serve-thru kitchen it Box window at dinette it M aster bedroom with dressing room and sliding glass doors it Two full ceramic tile baths it Furniture finished cabinetry ★ IOO% brick exterior A Full energy-saving features ★ OVER­ 

ENGINEERED AIR 
* 
J 
- e s 
- 
CONDITIONING. 
* A ( \ 
S f l f 

KITCH** 
PLAN #231 
STORACE 

Beautiful handcrafted fireplace with mantle it three bedroom and two bath it on a fully sodded corner lot it P artial Basket W eave fence it Bay windows in master bedroom and kitchen it Furniture finished cabinetry it Fully energy-saving features A Sliding doors to backyard. 

ALL THIS AND 
MORE AT ONLY 

HELOTES 

H AW KING 
H A W UNG 

NORTHWEST SAN A N TO N IO 
NORTHEAST SAN A N TO N IO 

PATRICK ll. M O I CII 

512 
— 826-oo98 

( IIARI KS Ii. OWENS 

713 
- 623-4o49 
656-5474 

14334 Modesta Place * 
$36,75o w-H 

L 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o -8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

CLASSWNO D im ** 
Ct A S k i’ ICO W 
U 
* 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

\ a n t o n io , m a r c h ScHfib' 
I 
WEEKEND CLASSES 
2o1 Principles of KE 
3o1 Practice of RE 
5o1 RE Law 
DAYTIME 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of RE 
.'1o1 Practice of RE 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
EVENING 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Mar. 7-22 
For free catalog call 736-2o75 

Mar. 1213-19 2o 
Mar, 26-27 Apr. 2-3 
Mar. 26-27 Apr. 2*3 

Mar. 7 11 
Mar 14-18 
Mar. 21-25 
Mar. 28 Apr. I 

 r n 
American College of Real Estate. Inc 

M V I A S M * * / 
A Al I IMMU TC I AS H iY ( f 
/J* 

TUCKED AW AY A M O N G 
THE TREES YET ONLY O NE 
MINUTE FOM IH-1o 
ADULT A FAMILY SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 W O ODSTO NE 

FRENCH CHALET 

165o JACKSO N KELLER 
THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT CO M M UN IT Y 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

CONTINENTAL APARTMENT 

FOR W O R K IN G COUPLES 

We Offer A Variety of I & 2 Bedroom Design 

31o2 HILL CREST 
733-71o1 
SOUTH SEA 

APARTMENT 

LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 
BLANCO A r JACKSON KELLER 
7543 South Sea Lane 
341-6251 

CAROUSEL APARTMENT 

3 4 4 - 4 3 3 2 
Take Your Pick • Located At Loop 41o And Blanco 
Easy Access East Or Wast 
EH. I A 2 Bedroom s — 7134 BLANCO RD. 

Near ft. Sam on on#, and two 

WEST GATE 
S S O A B M V A l VO. 
•34-oo19 
Z^JOMT 

HOMESTYLEAPARTMENT LIVING 

4315 GARDENDALE 
6 9 1 .1 

MANAGE 

TO CARE ABOUT 

‘Personalized’ by Gill Cos. 

Managing lo care about you is ail that it says. 
Gill Cos. has managed m ulti-family c o m m u n ­ ities for m ore than 3o years in San Antonio. 
Personal pride 

The firm s m a n a g e ­ ment services result in better maintenance, pro­ fessional on-site staff and a way of living that points to personal pride reflecting in home-style living. 
That always has been the Gill ( os. goal. The firm invites ail lo visit any of its a p a r t m e n t communities: 
Sundance — Located in tho Turtle Greek Valley, this recent project nears completion us an adult a p a r t m e n t c o m m u n ity with an amenity package that includes a tennis court and game rooms — normally not seen in an adult-oriented complex. 
( ontinental — A part­ ments here feature Im u u - tdully landsc aped cour- txards that boast privacy fencing. Shopping is ut 
F r e d e r i c k s b u r g 
Road and N VV. ill IO. despite the project’s air of quiet 

 seclusion 

Village Group — This project ,s ideally suited to accommodate unitary p erson n el a s well a s others on the move. 

Carousel — Located at 
Loop 41o and with easy a c c e s s to both Central 
F’ ark and North S t a r 
M a lls, this co m plex is ideal for adults working either downtown or on the North Side 

North Gate/VV est Gate 
— Another project ideal tor m ilita r y personnel because of its location off 
Broadway near the gate to Fort Sam Houston 

Moonpoint — Another p roject in the T u r tle 
Creek d e m it which b o a s ts proximity to 
I SAA. I ’TSA and South 
Texas Medical Coner. 

Woodbin — Right off 
N VV, III 111 at lluebner 
Road. this p ro je c t is close to L T S A. CSA A and 
Sotiih T e x a s 
Medical 
Center and in the Texas 
Hill C o u n t r y ’ s “ footh­ ills.” 

South Sea — Located at 
7543 South Sea Lane, this project e m p h a s i z e s eisurely living with a superb sii|>erb location. 

 em 
C O M P A N I E S 

YOU 

615 Soledad 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 

CU*M O H D DISPLAY 

Complete/LOAN/REAL ESTATE/INSURANCE Services 
Street, Post Office Box 599, San Antonio, Texas 78292, (512) 222-2434 

MEMBER 
(rife 

C LA SSIFIE D D ISP L A Y 

THE BRITTANY 
86o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
341-3126 

M EAD O W W O O D NORTH m odel and sales office 
Area of Camelot 

CLAS WF HO DISPLAY 
Meadow Wood North featured 

Meadow Wood North and Coates Development 
Co. have a very special offer this weekend a new four-bedroom home with low 7:!i per cent VA fin­ ancing. 
T his fo u r- b ed ro o m , two-bath borne at 14334 
Modesta Place is value- priced at $36,75o with low 
7:< t per cent VA financing a v a ila b le . That m e a n s monthly payments of on­ ly $353. an amount based 

 on 3o-year financing at 
7*4 per cent w ith no dow n payment. 
Luxury 
Nowhere else can you find a lu x u ry fo u r - b e ­ droom home at such a low price! 
This home features an extra spacious single liv­ ing area. Luxury carpet­ ing and a fireplace add warmth to this center of family activity. 

The master suite, a lso c a r p e t e d , f e a t u r e s a roomy walk-in closet and private bath with c e r a ­ mic tile tub. Each of the other three bedrooms has plenty of closet s p a c e , too. 
S itu a te d on a p r o f e s ­ sio n a lly l a n d s c a p e d corner lot, one side is al­ ready privacy fenced. 
L i v i n g in 
Meadow 
Wood North is living nex* door to nature at its fin 

 est. McAllister Park, a g a m e p r e s e r v e , o ffe r s hike and bike trails, pic­ nic and c a m p i n g f a c i ­ lities. 
Shopping centers and country c lu b s are ju s t five minutes away. The 

North 
E x p r e s s w a y , under construction, is a short 2’ -j m i l e s . P r e ­ ferred North E a s t D i s ­ trict schools se rv e the y ou n gsters of the c o m ­ munity. 
Y o u ’ll find other new 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

People arc definitely choosy about buying a new home, and well they should be sin ce a new home usually represents the sin g le la rg e st p u r ­ chase by a family during its m em bers’ lifetimes. 
At Ray E l l i s o n ’s C a ­ melot in n o rth e a ste rn 
San Antonio, choosy peo­ ple will find a choice se­ lection of new home de­ signs. featuring top qua­ lity construct ion, s p a ­ cio u sn e ss and excit ing 
“ e x tra s- that c o m e a s s t a n d a r d in most Ray 
Ellison homes in C a m e ­ lot. 
Outside city 

To begin with, ( ame- lot s location outside the city limits offers econo­ mic advantages from the outset in terms of no city t a x e s 
D espite the a b ­ sence of city taxes. C a ­ melot is located with ideal p r o x im ity to the m a g n ific e n t 
W indsor 
P a r k Mall and rn any l a r g e s u p e r m a r k e t s , drug stores and specialty shops established in the area. 
Another “ bonus” thai comes as standard with 

 placed well 

 the Camelot lifestyle is tlu- nearness of excellent schools which cover the whole range from grade school through high school, w here the e m ­ phasis is on educational e x c e lle n c e and va ried extracurricular activities which encourage leader­ ship. social adjustment and initiative. 
E n e r g y - s a v i n g p a c k ­ a g e s in 
R ay 
Ellison h om es are designed to save up to one third or even m ore on utility costs. The Ellison energy pa c k a g e includes extra wall and ceiling insula­ tion which e x c e e d s 
VA/FHA standards; dou- ble-paned windows; sp e ­ cial caulking and inter­ lockin g t h r e s h o ld s a r ­ ound w indows and doors; power attic ventilators; and energy-efficient cen­ tral air conditioning and heating systems. 
Quality is the keynote for Hay Ellison’s diverse model selection in C am e­ 

 lot. featuring attractive brick exteriors, profes­ sional landscaping, pri­ vacy fencing and patios perfect for weekend bar­ b e c u e s a s S p r i n g a p ­ proaches. Interiors are highlighted by carpeting, decorator wall fab rics, all-electric kitchens with m ic r o w a v e ovens plus 
Woodburn ing fireplaces as standard in many mo­ dels. 
M ilitary c o m m u t e r s w ill find Camelot located s q u are ly between Fort 
S a m Houston and R a n ­ dolph A FB and with easy a c c e s s to the Pun Am 
Expressway, which gives a direct shot downtown to the pleasures of San An­ tonio. 
Model homes may be explored in Camelot daily at 823o New World Dr'. 
Simply take N E. Ill 35 to 
Wa Dem Road, turn east on Wa Dem past Windsor 
Park Mall and follow the s i g n s to 
New 
World 
Drive. 

Next 
Door 
To Nature 

McAllister Park . . it's a game preserve . .. it's hike and bike trails . . . it's camping and picnic facilities 
. . it's a playground built by nature. 
Next Door To 
Convenience 

 three- and four-bedroom homes in Meadow' Wood 
North. P r i c e s s t a r t at 
$34,ooo. 
All t y p e s of financing are available. 
On VA loans, no down payment and no closing costs are required. 

New hom es are open daily until dusk. Drive north on 
San 
P ed ro 
Avenue to Bitters Road and turn right Turn left on J o n e s - M a l t s b e r g e r and proceed to Meadow 
Wood North. 

CAMELOT offers fine selection of Ray Ellison homes 

Loop I bQ4 
/ /M ea do w Wood North 

Based on purchase price of 536,75o with no down payment and 
36o equal monthly payments. 
V A financed at 7% % annually. 

CL A ss I m o d i s p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Less than 5 minutes to major shopping centers and, when completed, a short 2% miles to the North Expressway. 

V A financing available on featured home only, 

CLASSIFIED DI SALAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
Oak Hollow home reflects quality 

In the vicinity of San 
Pedro Hills is another, more recent n eigh b or­ hood with a distinctively different name. 
It s called Oak Hollow 
Estates, an environ­ mentally planned resi­ dential community where the buyer gets much more than just the 

 standard fare found in and all have linen and the average home of to- ham per space in bath- da>'- rooms. Handy, built-in 
Homes here are located cabinets line the walls in on sp acio u s, shaded the large utility rooms, tracts whose beautiful 
Families with children old trees have been pre served carefully by Oak 
Hollow 
E s ta te s de­ veloper, Sitterle P ro ­ perties. 
The natural surround­ ings of 
Oak 
Hollow 
E state s offer a unique atm osphere of country living, although the com­ munity is jflace close to m ajor m alls and shop­ ping a r e a s in the immediate vicinity of. north central San Anton­ io. 
The lovely three-, four- and five-bedroom homes in Oak Hollow E sta te s have many custom-built features. M arketed by 
Deanie Owens Co., the homes offer fireplaces, patios, cedar roofs, fa ­ mily rooms and a revo­ lutionary insulative sys­ tem that conserves en­ ergy and saves money as well. 
Wood shingle roofs will outlast the usual roof on homes in this price range. TotalWall insula­ tion also provides energy savings. Attic space is filled with eight inches of blown-in insulation. 
Patios, sidewalks and driveways have a pebble concrete finish. To fit ar­ ound the trees, many pa­ tios are of free form. 
Homes are design ed with three bedrooms and two baths to three b e ­ droom s and I 1*, baths. 

 will be glad to know Oak 

O A K H O LLO W ESTATES features hom es b y Sitterle 
Hollow Estates is within from jq a m unti] dark. of NAV. Loop 41o via San 
L 
. W i f? 
North 
Oak Hollow Estates is 
Pedro Avenue, turning 
East School District. reached most easily by right at Brookhollow 
Models ate open here driving four miles north 
Shopping Center 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Gracious diving begins 'WHR dareful Jla ti 

Another M ik e Kinder original in O a k Creek 
Northw est. 

From *7 9 ,5 o o to *11 5 ,o o o 

1o9o2 Wild Grape 

3,4 & 5 bedrooms with 

 split arrangements 

3 & 4 bath designs 

1 
WeUwrs and Ceiling Fans 

Large oaks— Horseshoes Drives 

• 
Beamed Cathedral Ceilings 

Microwaves— Continuous Cleon Ovens 

Will Trode or Custom Build 

9 Models Open Doily 
696-833o 

\ mile out Vance Jackson from Loop 41o 
Heating 
Cooling 
...a name you can feel comfortable with. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Get tomorrow' 
$ 65,oo o+ home 

 for $54,95o In 
Oak Hollow Estates today. 

Mew home costs are on the rise again. And at the rate they’re going your hard earned dollar will buy less and less home as the years progress. But you can plan to hedge against that inflation by making your home investment in Oak Hollow Estates. 
Oak Hollow is a special project of Sitterle and 
Companies and is one of the best new home buys in 
San Antonio today at about $26.5o per square foot. 

And features? Check these: 
Energy saving insulation systems 
Brick or rock fireplaces 
Spacious family rooms_____ 
Design patios 
Double finished qaraqes 
~ 
Cedar shingle roofs 
-------------- 
TPe baths 
Luxurious carpeting throughout 

 northeast school district 
VA & Conventional financing] 

T hat's a bt of home for the money. So why wait? 
Visit Oak Hollow Estates today and begin your new home investment for a more secure future. 

AT WOODHULL YOU 
GET A WA Y 
BY JUST GOING HOME 

We have one bedroom flats designed to make it easy for you to 

 live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our 

 one bedroom offers extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus a 

 separate dining room and a large walk in closet. 

You’ll enjoy the unique Woodhill Lifestyle — a get away without 

 leaving home. There’s lots of fresh air. . . quiet nights, three pools, 

 tennis court and 

 two club houses. 

W O O O H iU 
A P A R T M tN T S 
69o-17oo 

69o-17oo 

I 

 hi g r o o m 

I n J H I 

DINING 
WTT H IN 

 n 
~i 

LIVING RODM 

P a g e 
1 o - o 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
Jim Tilton aids media ' for Ellison 

.lim Tilton, a form er 
Air F orce inform atio n officer assigned to Air 
T ra in in g 
C om m and h e a d q u a rte rs at R a n ­ dolph AFB. has been ap­ pointed director of Media 
Relations for Ray Ellison 
Homes. 
T ilton*! re s p o n s ib i­ lities include advertising and marketing com­ munications. as well as public relations and m e­ dia liaison. 
Consultant 
Since retiring as a m a­ jor from the Air Force a year ago. Tilton has been a public relations consul­ tant for several firms and a freelance u n te r. 
He is a regular contri­ butor of feature articles to San Antonio Magazine and the San Antonio correspondent for Texas 
Business. He is also pub­ licly c h a irm a n for the 
Alamo Chapter of the Air 
Force Association. 
Tilton's undergraduate work was in journalism at Washington State Fni- 
\e r s ity . w here he g r a ­ duated with top honors and won a national award for radio-television docu­ mentary work from Sig­ 

 m a Delta Chi, p ro fe s ­ sional journalism socie­ ty. 
While inform ation of­ ficer for the 68th Tactical 
Reconnaissance Wing at 
RAF Upper Heyford in 
E ngland, T ilto n ’s base newspaper was selected as t he best in E urope, and he was nam ed top historian for Third Air 
Force. 
He also earned honors in postgraduate studies in public re la tio n s at 
Boston U niversity and later attended the Uni­ v ersity of D enver for fu rth e r p o stg ra d u a te stu d ie s before his a s ­ signment in 197o to Viet­ nam, where he was chief of combat news. Seventh 
Air Force headquarters. 
Following the Saigon assignm ent, Tilton was transferred to Randolph 
AFB. where he was chief of the Creative Produc­ tion Division, ATC Office of Information. 
In addition to s u p e r­ vising production of the com m and news service and other c o m m u n ic a ­ tions media, Tilton was com m and speeehw riter for senior Air Force re­ lations efforts during the 

JIM TUTON 

 early 197os. He was also in stru m e n ta l in 
AT- 
C /O l’s w inning of the 
Silver Anvil Award of the 
Public Relations Society of America in 1973. 
After his promotion to major in 1974. Tilton was selected for Air Com ­ mand and Staff College at Maxwell AFB. Ala. and designated a distin­ guished g r a d u a te in 
Ju n e , 1975. 
He was aw ard ed the 
D epartm ent of Defense 
Commendation Medal for his performance duties in that position. Then he re tu rn e d to Randolph 
AFB to re su m e c o m ­ m and sp e e e h w rite r du ties until his r e tir e ­ m ent in M arch. 1976, when he was awarded the first Oak Leaf Cluster to the Air F orce M e rito r­ ious Service Medal. 
Goodwin named 
Northcliffe head 
.John CI. “ Buddy” Goodwin has been promoted to vice pre­ sident of sales of the $15o mil­ lion N orthcliffe residential community by Homecraft Corp., 
San Antonio's largest land de­ veloper and home builder. 
Goodwin was graduated from South­ west Texas State U niversity in 1972 with a degree in management. From 
1967 to 1976, he was an equipment spe­ cialist with the San Antonio Air Logis­ tic Center. 
Sales consultant 
He joined Homecraft as a sales con­ sultant in August, 1976. a position he has held until his present advance. 
Northcliffe, Homecraft s newest de­ 

 velopment in San Antonio, is located on 
8o5 acres with substantial frontage along N E. Ill 35. 
Construction is well under way on 
Phase I of Northcliffe’s $2 million golf, tennis and swim club am enity pro­ gram . N orthcliffe has three model home parks, with 13 fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes. 
Northcliffe Country Club Estates has homes priced from $6o,5oo to $93,5oo. 
Many have a view of the 18-hole championship golf course. Northcliffe has spacious three- and four-bedroom homes priced from $37,25o to $44,95o 
Northcliffe East has two- to four-be­ droom homes priced from $27,5oo to 
$31,75o. 
To reach Northcliffe, take .VE HI 35 north to the Cibolo-Hubertus Road exit and follow the signs to the community. 

C L A S S * V O D IS P L A Y 
C L A S M F IID W 
M 
T 
' 
C L A S SIF IE D D I S K A V 

WE JUST LOUE OUR BRICK] 
FIREPLACE 

It La Plaza Apartm ents san', a f our standard amenities in­ clude separate fam ih 
' single section • tennis courts • free membership ta Racquetball Club • large ttalk-in closets • tu o 
/HtoU. sauna am i beauti */«#* • security ix'rvice • and covered assign**! parking • come Iii e a uh us at Let Plaza, eau ll enjoy the lifestyle lie offer. 

CA P L A Z A 

HS NORTHWEST LOOF41o 
ACROSS FVOM NORTH STAY MAU' 
' 

3 4 1 *4 6 2 1 

Fair Oaks home spotlighted 

C LA S SIF IE D 1-1 S F L A T 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 

Springtime, not too far away, is the time to get outdoors and enjoy what nature has to offer. 
What better way to en­ joy Spring than right in the m idst of the Texas 
Hill Country, com forta­ bly in a new home by the 
Don Sm ith Co. at F a ir 
Oaks? 
3 counties 
Fair Oaks, 5.ooo acres sp a n n in g the th ree counties Bexar, Kendall and Comal, has some of the finest and most scen­ ic property north of San 
Antonio. 
G reat g n a rle d oaks, n a tu ra l g ra s s e s , lazy m eadow s, slidden h ill­ tops and an abundance of, w ildlife c re a te an obi-* vious haven for natu re lovers. 
Spacious tracts are be­ ing offered by the Don 
Smith Co. in sizes rang­ ing from 2,7 1° 15 acres. 
The selection is excellent right now', and buyers will profit from im m e ­ diate inspection of the tract offerings. 
Several 
Don 
Sm ith homes are open for view­ ing in F a ir Oaks. The hom e at 28629 D apper 
Dan Dr. is an exciting floor plan, especially de­ signed for its hilltop lo­ cation. T h is tw o-story hom e in c o rp o ra te s an e x tre m e ly livable m o­ dern interior with a rus­ tic fieldstone and cedar exterio r plus a roof of rough cedar shakes. 
W ide. wooden decks wrap around the house on the second story and are accessible from the liv­ ing and dining room s. 
These decks provide an ideal place for family re- laxation or e n te r ta in ­ ment — w itll the bonus of a 36o-degree view of the ranch’s panoramic. 
The living room and dining room are la rg e r - 

 areas sharing a common stone fire p la c e. Each room has two slid in g glass doors to the outer decks. The well placed kitchen with serving bar is all-electric. The m as­ ter suite is also housed on this sam e second level, in c lud ing an 
18- by 
19-foot bedroom, d re ss­ ing room with double w alk-in clo sets and a large bath fe a tu rin g a picture window, conven­ ient telephone, sunlam p and lu x u rio u s six-foot 
Kohler tub. 
The lower level of this unusual co u n try home featu res two la rg e b e ­ drooms with walk-in clo­ sets. a bath w ith dual lavatories and a full uti­ lity room. Also found on this level is a unique drive-thru garage, with doors at either end. The home is fully carpeted and is serviced by two central air conditioning and heating systems. 
Sm ith hom es are e n ­ ergy-conscious, as they receive maximal 12-inch a ttic in su lation plus sub-floor insulation. In 
(his case, the home will 
Save now 
The co ld er the w eather, the m ore e n ­ ergy your heating system will use and the more it: will cost for the season. 
With prices as high as they are. savings in fuel can m ean s u b sta n tia l savings in dollars, so get started on the improve­ m ents you intended to make, urges the Better 
Heating-Cooling Council 
There’s a many a dollar to be saved in the coming months 

 benefit from the breeze advantage at such a high elevation, thus saving on air conditioning use. 
F a ir Oaks m ay m ost easily be rea c h e d by driving north on N.W. IH 
Kl, just 16 miles north of 

W onderland Shopping 
City. 
Exit at 
Leon 
S p rin g s, then proceed north on the access road to the Camp Stanley sign. 
Turn rig h t and go 3% miles to the 
Fair Oaks office. 

C L A S S IF IE D D I S M A Y 
C L A S SIF IE D D IS P L A Y 

Gardeii 

' R i d g e 
’ o o o 

Q uality Homes in a Country 
C om m unity 

651-6237 

LA PSHAW MILLER 
Development Co., inc. J m r 

S e e a n d b e a p a r t o f 
C o u n tr y L i v i n g in th e C ity 

That’s 

 t i 
KA 

 r M . " , 

 ap 

 wmgmss? $ mf?-* s 
S 
K ii 
I M 
M a 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
C LA SSIE IEO D IS P L A Y 

I Bedroom From 
2 Bedroom 2 Bath from ' 
7 

An apartment complex that puts four mini-lakes I right at your doorstep.] 
You'll fall in love with the Pier at first! sight — built around a breeze swept, landscaped plaza that I makes the whole community seem like] country living in the city.I 

• Color-coordinated • furnished, unfurnished • some with bonus room, fireplace patio or deck. Com e see it oil — beautiful swimming pool • party P a v i l l i o n • lush landscaping • winding walks and bridges . 
. 
. and ducks. 

1946 N.E. loop 41o just off Harry Wurzbach 
826-2355 

UFI Style by Q UFI INVESTORS the people you can five with 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH IO 
ADULT A FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WOODSTOCK 

. 
< 'h f l % 

■ - 
'L )i 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o -8 3 2 o , 

 c h a n g i n g C o n c e p t s i n 
‘ 
ADULT H Y IN G 

2 n a n c n a B 3 j 
COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

8 6 3 o FAIRHAVEN ORIVE 

For specious luxury cmd unmatched convenience, you’ll hove a hard time finding more th an w hat COUNTRY CLUB 
Apartments offer. 

Located right next to Turtle Creek golf course, the beauty and atm osphere surrounding the apartm ents m akes it ideal living by any standard. Com e see everything plan* nod for living pleasure 
COUNTRY CLUB Apartm ents yet costs no more at 

• W asher, Dryer connections 
• Ceiling to floor mirrored closet doors e Ail electric kitchens and appliances e W ood burning fireplaces or patios e I, 
2, 
3 bd flats 
& townhouses 

 e Adult and Family Sections 

6 9 6 -7 o4 8 

 r n 
. 

732-9611 

1-2-3 

Bedrooms 

/^fONPOINT 

H OM ESTYIE APARMENT 
LIVING 
4 5 1 5 d a rd e n d a le 

6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 

Q£L MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

O E h M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 

 e Fireplaces 
• “Complete 
All electric kitchens 

 e Washer-Dryer 
Connections e All Bills Pa*H 
696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

The 

C a n m a n 

 to39 Fredericksburg Rd. 

UFI Style by 
□ u K K V IS T O r e 

O COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

\,i id..ti lo,'all,Mi 
Next to Turtle Creek 
Golf Course 
696-7o 18 

H I H O I d i r l i . n i i i l l i i n ' 

§ r r * " 

A P A R T M I N T S . 

9525 LORINE 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

The Heritage 

Apartm ents 
I I different floor pions — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 
1 5 4 3 Babcock 
341-2228 

182 Bd. Apts. 
From SI 7o E v ile s t 
I f > ALIMENTS 

T e r r a 

I CRM UNI URN 
If)! At I Ult (CUKES' 

 liU l.AN oSlU D tN fS 
A lta 

411 SMIRES 
8 2 8 -5 3 3 o 

V 

N O B 
NILL 
ARA RTM Bd TS 

IM) mil Apartments off IM-IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

With Ideal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

 o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE UVING 
SUMR LOCATION 

•U N CO AT M O S O N H U H 
T M ] SOUTH S U U N I 
M I -ASSI 

 s i M i w w i e r 
You owe it to Ourself to see our apartments. 
2554 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

Ail Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IH IO W est 
6 9 o - o o o 1 

© The 
BRIT 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT- 
YARD. HALE BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 

66o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
341 -31 26 

 o 
FRENCH CHALE1 

1 6 5 o J A C K S O N K E L L I R 

THI ULTIMATI APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 
344-4616 

" LA PLAZA APTS. 
‘ TENNIS W O R LD " 
: i w « S c , r N , ul,tiM au* 

MHU) 
11S KW. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

* LINDA APTS. 
235 HOW ARD off 11OO N. M A IN 
I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk Main Bonk, lubys, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 
226-8492 

© 
W e * t e l i e * t e r S q u a r e 
A p a r tm e n t* 

I* 2 * 3 b e d r o o m a p t * . 
< ohm nu iii )<• I ort -mn .nil tteiMiut|»h 

U H Alnuin Hwy, 828-11o5 

I VI t H 
N APED 
IP XIII M IN l> 

• t h . 
J P ie r 

□ un 

1946 N. L Loop 41o 
StUeby 
(Kerry Wurtbeck UH) 
INVESTORS 
826 2355 

 lo u n try V illa g e 

\| » a rln te n l* 
.I, 2. Ii bedrouiiiii 
“N n-itilr lisinji lur tomtit*-. -Im* uh,!, 
»aiu, from 
HI 16 Country N illume 
B28-172I 

© 
NORTHEAST ARIA 
(Perrin 
I A 2 BDR. A TOW NHOUSES 
Go*den apts with clean well kepi tpociouk grounds, pot.o*, bokom.*, pool, —ak to shoe ping, Features pig* 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
655-7122 
© NORTHGATE 
539 HIANoR 
8 24-oo19 
WESTGATE 

” \L im icre*t A partm ent* 

656-o182 
8835 W ill!man VL av ler^r pets a !«• patio- Eons relent it# YI iml-nr 
Perk Melt. KeiMtolpti end Furl hem. 

I.u \u rv liv in g in V L . San Antonio 

® tp n JH c c d 
AN ADULT APARTMENT C O M M U N IT Y 
M l A Mf NITilS * ON RUS (INI • ONE 
HOCK MOM ST MARY S * ONE MOCK 
MOM SHOPPING • TURN ADDI 

1 , 2 6 3 BDR 
$ 1 8 o ta $ 2 4 3 
UTILITIES PAID 
38o1 W. WOODLAWN 434-9394 

* 8o8 *o *s APA* I MLM! COMMO*!IV 

© 
D a r t C o n in e 
Apartment CnmiNitury 
T V MONITORED SECURITY-GAIDf ll PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS OUI lOOM-GYM A SAUNAS 
1-2-3 ROR 
I A 2 feAfH 
$185 Mn {I-VTN Add) UTILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDHU MI, 
434-4191 ftetwenn Hillcrest 4 Callaghan 
A tpk Ross Apartment Community 

TARA 

 a n a p a r t m e n t h o m e u n f o r g e t t a b l e a s its n a m e 
C OMV n e t * r lO C e n o N a t m u n u m * PAM 
BOSI BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393 

O t h f l J R r f t a h 
I j W J I g W w R g ) 

For the truth, 
'o m p a re 
1o362 Sahara Drive, lust east of San Pedro, north 
349*2617 of Loop 4io 

 t 

CASTLE HILLS BEAUTY 

(luxury Traditional style 4 bedroom, 2 ta both lovely den with fireplace, breakfast room overlooking beautiful ly landscaped yard and pool. Too many extras to list, 
$1o6,ooo 

M A R JIE H O R T O N 

 t a v - * i 

*, u ,ur’ i THC.1 

 ft-2341 
3-5936 
1 
-agon 
RI 
W W e t A i r Ox 

OAK HOLLOW ESTATES 
2o51 O AK VISTA 
OPEN SUN DAY 11:oo-5:3o 
Open livng area. 27 ft x 21 ft., catheoral ceiling, toepiece, 4 targe br dreams, split master suite, sepa; ate formal dining room, approx 231o sq. ft., $58,5oo G o out Son Pedro turn right on Brookhollow and follow to 
Oak Visto. 
DAL CO. 
REAL ESTATE................... 824-o541 

11726 WHISPER DEW 
WHISPERING OAKS GARDEN HOME 
An elegant "one of a kind" garden home with over 
2,2oo sq. ft. The very versatile pion can be used as either 3 or 4 bedroom and have 3 luxury baths, there is a two story living oreo and a formal dining area. Among the many features include a wet bar, large fireplace, upstairs potio and automatic garage doors $63,9oo 
342-4177 
681 -3 22 2 

 ft ASSOCIATES. REALTORS 

YE OLD FOREST 

Surrounds this oldc* English home 
Almost 2 acres of forest, full of the King s deer. 5 bed'doms, 3ta baths, game room, living room, redwood aeek. luxury features include wet bor, microwave oven and sun garden win­ dow. OPEN SAT SUN. W IN D W O O D ESTATES, exit 
Tarpon Drive, 17 miles north of Wondeiland on IH IO. 

KCN CO. 
698-2445 

65o7 WATERFALL DR. 
TO DAY’S BUY! 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, hving-dmmg, and family room with fireplace. Convenient to molls, bases, and churches. Low equity of $41oo. Mint Condition. Call Now! 

824-2391 
OEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Austin Hwy. Ole 

8246 PHO ENIX 
DESIRABLE LOCATION 

 low equity on this 3 bedroom 2 bath 2 cor garage 
23x14 family room with large formal dining room. All kitchen appliances Custom shades Close to Randolph and Windsor Park Moll. 

658-3535 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTOR 
Randolph Off. 

ELEGANT FAMILY HOME 
Gracious 5 bedroom J story brick home. Meticulous planning thru-out. Heated pool, beautiful landscaped yard 
Located high on a hill in Thousand Oaks. 
Northeast schools. $ 1 1 2,ooo. For details coll Ruby Zipp 
Anytime 

O n t u g c 
. 

— i o n 
Jim 4 fa l_ _ 
RAY TEAL, REALTORS 

UTSA AREA 
FROM 4 TO I S ACRES 

Very private! Reautilul modern 3 bedroom, 2 both rock home. fireplace, central heat, built in kitchen 
Stables with commercial frontage on FM 16o4. $14o,ooo, financing available 
222-2282 
ROUTH A CO. REAL ESTATE 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
OREN IO AM-6 PM DAILY TIL SOLD 

5 bedroom, 3 both, 3 car gar ope, deluxe swimming pool, split level, 3 6o o sq ft. living spoce, rock and cedar. 4 free covered acres 3o x 8o ft steel building 
Just 15 minutes north in STAG ECO ACH HILLS. Almost vacant, start moving. 
BILL PRICE REALTY 
698-31o7 
349-26o7 

NEY 
GM MJP 
> M C 

O W N A. . . 
M IK I KINDER O RIG IN AL 
IN 

OAK VALLEY - OAK CREEK NW 

SPLIT 5-4-3 BEDROOMS 
3-4 BATHS 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! 
8 V 2 % Interest 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original d e ig n s , will trade. O u t Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 41o. 

. b u d d e r 
696-833o 

SHEER BEAUTY 

 is captured in the omenifie* of this fine custom-built home, with it, very flexible floor pion UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
Quality materials have been chosen throughout 
Slate— marble, parquet flooring, carpeting fine rue-ie. linen, foils, and grass doth lend enriching accents G O U R­ 
M A N D KITCHEN 4 ta baths, 3 fireplaces. Unusuo/ guest house IO walk rn closets 2ox4o heated pool A profes­ sional type greenhouse 2 wet bars 

81o7 Countryside 

O p e n S a tu rd a y -Su n d a y 1 -4 
Alo m o H eignts Schools 
I aet a f N acoad och as H ood fa Coun­ try Lana adjoint N o rth w o o d I si atm*. 
**A BILL ALTERMAN CLASSIC” lf you are in th# market to build, we would be delighted to discuss this with you mmr f r a n c e * ¥ g v e n * c i \ ^ 
Realtor 

225-2396 Anytime 732-4951 

* I m 

HH-BH B T M KOTICK____ tOl -M L BIKIE KUBE! 
7H1 - SHI [SUTT NOTICES 
2o1 • HBI KUTI KIMES 
2o1 OBI BT M KOTICK f f l l - M K T O T O 
TOI OBI 
O T IS 
M IB M IO T IW 
TPI P H S W i KOTICK 
2o1 r n W P P f f i ------ 

Place your 
Hom e of Distinction 

Call 
225-1666 

PA N O RA M IC VIEW 
BY O W N ER 
Dr SC finch ve executive custom brick, fiends contemporary townhouse design terraced rock, double lot (ne gross), 
27oo sa ft , 4 large bedrooms (private master suite with marble bomi, 3 full baths, formal Irving and tinning 
'crams Spiral staircase to entertainment loft overlooking 
2o x 24 den, 2 upper 3o decks offering panoramic city vew 
Mony luxury features including electric garage ckKK$, water satannu builtup hock, etc e MtTmocutcite coe- d»*»on Bool o k Rd and Im p 4 IO o?ea 
4142 HIGH SIERRA 
R e d u c e d $ 1 o , o o o to $ 8 2 , S O O 

B y a p p t, O w n e r , 4 9 4 - 2 2 3 7 

MAGNIFICENT HOM E 
CHARTER O A K S 

O h a beautiful oak covered lot, spacious 4 bedrooms, large paneled den plus a 3o ft. gam e room for your pool table, trailer or 

 boot space, deluxe pool. 

 mm JOHN 
_ „ r e a l t o r s 
F l o u r n o y 341.72o1 

2o1 HONEYSUCKLE 
ELEGANT MANSION 

7,ooo sq ft of superb living area 
2 story 
3 
FIREPLACES Spiral staircase 4 bedrooms, 5'/j baths 
Beautifully hand carved mahogany cabinets ond 16 ft high arch way 
$299,ooo 
684-7171 

VAN BUREN & 
ASSo CS. REALTORS ^ tw im t 

PICTURE BOOK HOME! 
SUNDERS OW N 
Almost 7,ooo sq under roof 
4 bedroom*, 3 baths, game room, 3ox3o living room, 3 fireplaces, guest or maids quarters, cedor shake roof, massive brick drive way, 
2 ta acre yard with sprinkler system, and greennouse $165,ooo. 
R. M. GEORGE REALTY 
242 S. Main, Boerne, Tx. 
I -249-3546 

O AK TERRACE ESTATES 

Jus: completed for the right family, beautifully detailed 

 and reody. SIDE ENTRY GARAGE. Fireplace in large family 

 room, (overed patio ond much more! Eves. 653 9596 

6715 SHADY U K E 
54o,45o 

An exceptionally beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home loaded with extras 
Fully carpeted, covered patio, privacy fence and professionally landscaped. 

Open 
Coll 653-o57o ANYTIME. w 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

“EXTRAVAGANT AND LUXURIOUS HOME 
FOR THE DISCRIMINATING BUYER ’ 

H ided let let privet? ♦ 3 bedrooms e 2 
I I I 24 ee Zed Heel with 6 X 2o ceder ieee tutu Ie ted flits dr ll X 27 pelts 
* n replan * Wether 
M ust Aeq Ie Appreciate 
OREN 12— 4 S V IR TO AY 
($6 75o 
I 5 41 o KKD R O B IN 
■forth on IH Io, left on 16o4, post UTSA, right on White 
'awn, then left on Wild login to Red Room to "For sale sign 
DOUGLAS LEWIS 
QUALITY BUILT HOM ES 
342-7324 

422 TOWER DR. 
TYING A YELLOW RIBBO N 

Around The Old Oak Trees" on this 3 acres is gomg to take a bunch of ..boons Come see for yourself and we ll also show you on attractively decorated 3 bedroom home with 17x35 swimming pooh For $71,9oo, it s really a hide away from today $ race! 

349-1436 

ELEGANTLY DISTINCTIVE 

$ I n j a n n 
4-1W, aith left gam# learn ie Mnsparmg 
I *v v i o ^ 
JU JOF! 

 l i q QAfj 
4 bediMtm, 7 beths, tpeoaut uisiMi hem* leeds af 
W T jT V V storage Hate ta the Mali 4*4 7/11. 

F C C O C A ftmodna 4 badieem, 2W bath Kami lit kbeei 
Ihtfict I lid) uahmshad loam, 1**12 leanly ream 
•uh fnapieca. IM 1241 

 te e t n jj 
4-2W-2 etfh ear bar and temiiy roam eirh hrapkKt 
1 titrant landman (aataruaitt ta Narthaesi bests did 3441 

17o4 AUTUMN WOODS 
HERITAGE PARK 
OPEN N O O N TIL 6 lovely new 3 bedroom home, targe master suite, separate hem other bedrooms, family style kitchen with microwave oven 
28 ft. den heavily beamed with 
(Dihedral ceiling, come early and pick your color of carpet and wallpaper $47,25o 
Take bon Pedro to Brooknqll^w, first right past Wiener 

CO M PASS REALTY 
494-16o1 
494-1241 

CASTIE HILLS ESTATES 
214 CHATTiNGTON CT. 
This 5 bedroom, 4ta both home has more amenities than the Tai Majal, ond is considerably lower priced, lf you miss this rare bargain, in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods, you will never forgive yourself! Drive by today! Between 2 and 6 ond tack around. 

349-5111 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
N. CENTRAL OFC. 

OLMOS PARK BEAUTY 

Nestled among mature trees on a large lot, 4 bedrooms 
(or 3 and sitting room), 3 full baths up, targe formal din- ing room. Mony windows throughout for cross-vent- ilotion. Central heat and air. Room for pool and tennis courts. Owner financed at low interest. $175,ooo. 

6 9 o -9 2 2 o , 4 9 2 -1 3 5 1 
BILLY FELLOWS 

JUST COMPLETED 

1945 sq. ft. living area, includes 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, formal living dining room, family room with fireplace, energy features throughout. Con­ venient to schools, 1o6 CHAPARRAL DR. in 
Boerne city limits. All utilities. $56,5oo. 

GEORGE & QUICK BUILDERS 
242 S. MAIN, BOERNE, TX. 
I -249-2678 

36o7 STONEHAVEN 
SPACIOUS AND LIVABLE! 4 bedrooms, 3 ’/i baths, double garage. . .Separate living and dining, countrysize kitchen, large paneled den with fireplace. Off Tioga in COLONIES 
NORTH. $63,5oo. 
GREAT. 
AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 

144 RIDGE TRAIL 
All brick 4 bedroom executive home. Two fireplaces with one to make the master bedroom eery landscaping and exterior decor of the finest. This Hollywood Pork home has all the latest amenities. At $84,9oo you can become the proud owner. — Quick occupancy too! 

 f j y 
349-4343 tFAI DEAN,E oWENS co REAlToRS 
Blanco Rd. Oft. 

“EXTRAVAGANT AND LUXURIOUS HOME 
FOR THE DISCRIMINATING BUYER" 
FEATURES: 
* Wee Pad siaht far privacy, 4/1o acre * l l X 21 temily-lmng ream * Wafter * 21 X l l patio * Double pane insulated glass * Hadnt kitchen sad deaning even * fireplace * 3 bedrooms * 2 beths * l l X 2o kitchen and eating area. 
M utt Se a To A ppreciate 
O R IN I 2 — 6 E V E R Y D A Y 
$ 5 4 ,7 5 o 
7 9o 3 SH A D Y H O LLO W 
North o n IM IO, left on 16o4 post UTSA, right on White 
Fawn, then left on Shady Hollow to "For Sale sign. 
DO UGLAS LEWIS 
QUALITY BUILT H O M ES 
342-7324 

 ami ta n 

RUSTIC PLUSH describes this open-styled 3 bedroom. 3 

 both home on 27 ocres north of Son Antonio. Ceramic- 

 tiled kitchen, both and foyer library, cathedral ceiling ut 

 living, family ond kitchen area. Fireplace and o gorgeous 

 view from the exceptional deck, lovely restricted area. 

Paved rood $159,oo6 

FLYING R REALTY & INVESTMENT CO. 
(512)438-7429 
899-2793 

 iUMA 

 to clef o ratio 

IN SUMMIT OAKS 

O n Two Acre* Wooded land • 24o o sa ft living area 
• Two S*pu.at« Central Air Units a Sea or 2 2 3 1 o Cato 
Ville a North on lit IO to leon Springs Exit than Unbar 
IH IO left on Access Rd to Cete Vista. 
/ — x 
Total Price $ 5 9 ,7 5 o 

(y i| w' 
S w ln n e y Co. 4tttori - est o2*9 

 r n 
Homes *5o,ooo anil Over 

IlHMN 

LIVING 

Page I 2-D 

11o SPECIAL NOTICES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 97/ 

•118 SPECIAL NOTICES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
HO SPECIAL WOHCES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
IU SPECIAL NOTICES 
11O SPECIAL NOTICES na sPEcm nonets un smw wries------------------- 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK 

M a rch 7 - 11 - 1 9 7 7 

Visit a Public School during Texas Annual Public Schools Week, 
Recognize the value of expending time and energy to become involved in the operation of the public education system. 

Order of Sons of Hermann 

Our Nation’s Oldest Fraternal Benefit 
Society 

515 So. St. M ary’s St. 
226-9261 

LACKLAND 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT 

HEFFERNAN; SCHOOL SUPPLY INC. 

H E A D Q U A R T E R S F O R THE SCHOTTE TEA CH ER 

T E A C H IN G A ID S . SU P P L IE S. F U R N IT U R E 
A E Q U IP M E N T 
2111 WEST AVE. 
732-1136 

RANDOLPH FIELD 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT 

DE W IN N E’S 
CAP’N JIM 
RESTAURANT 

3511 ROOSEVELT 

923-7511 

EDGEWOOD 
INDEPENDENT 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

POR BOY’S WELDING SUPPLY 
147 RALPH 
224-62o9 224-5675 224-6733 
NIGHTS 684-1566 

SOUTH SAN ANTONIO 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT 

COKE STEVENSON 
MIDDLE SCHOOL 
PRINCIPAL: W . I. MCCULLOUGH 

84o3 TEZEL RD. 

FT SAM HOUSTON 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT 

NORTHEAST 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT 

EAST CENTRAL 
HIGH SCHOOL 

STUDENT BODY & FACULTY 

THE ELECTRIC 
MACHINE 

"THE PROFESSIONAL MUSICIAN S 
STORE" 

OW NER: ROGER DISM UKES 

69o2 SAN PEDRO 
342-3136 

THE ROY 
KLOSSNER CO. 

CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES 

727 N. W .W . WHITE RD. 

333-8311 

MONTELONGO 
LUMBER CO. 

ADD A R O O M ! 

7118 O A K L A W N 

349-6478 

LANIER HIGH 
SCHOOL 

PRINCIPAL: JESSIE MENDEZ 

VISIT YOUR SCHOOL A N D SEE 
THEM IN ACTION! 

EXECUTIVE 
SERVICE CENTER 

OFFICE EQUIPMENT 
SALES - SERVICE & RENTAL 

NORTHSIDE: 
6437 SAN PEDRO 
342-8o29 
SOUTHSIDE: 
11o9 S W MILITARY DR. 
924-4875 

EISENHOWER MIDDLE 
SCHOOL 

SEE YOUR SCHOOL IN ACTION! 

WILLIAM P. HOBBY 
MIDDLE SCHOOL 

KEEP UP THI G O O D W ORK! 

VISIT YOUR SCHOOL THIS WBBKl 

KENNEDY HIGH 
SCHOOL 
SEE YOUR SCHOOL IN ACTION! 

MONTGOMERY DRIVE 
ELEMENTARY 

VISIT YOUR SCHOOL THIS WEEK 

AND SEE THEM IN ACTION! 

SAN ANTONIO TEACHERS COUNCIL 

F O C U S Y O U K B f A M O N YOUR 
SCH O O L A W ATCH IT 
G L O W FOR Y O U III 

PR ESIDEN T : M IL D R E D LYTLE 

U N N E R V E D IR EC T O R : R O B E R T A H IC K M A N 

HARLANDALE INDEPENDENT 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

KEEP SM ILING A VISIT YOUR SCHOOL! 

SUPERINTENDENT: C N BO GGESS 

GARNER MIDDLE 
SCHOOL 
WILL Bi HAPPY TO SEE YOU AT 
THEIR SCHOOL! 

PRESTON DAIRY PRODUCTS 

D R IN K A LOT O F FRESH M IL K A V IS IT Y O U R 
S C H O O L TH IS W E E K I!! 
161 W ARD 
532-3271 
46o2 S PRESA 
532-3191 

SCHOOL MART INC. 

HELP YOUR SCHOOL! & HELP US 

HELP YOUR SCHOOL!!! 

TEACHING AIDS - EDUCATIONAL TOYS 
& GAMES 
1812 S. PRESA 
534-88o5 

PRECISE PRINTING 

CALL US FOR YOUR PRINTING NEEDS 

& HELP THE SCHOOL OF 

YOUR CHOICE!!! 

416 CORNELL 
734-2672 
AL GONZALES 

 jm 
JJJP1 

 invites you to 

SNEAK UP ON SCHOOL 

Visit a school during 

Texas Public School Week 
(March 7 - ll) or Anytime 

NORTHSIDE INDEPENDENT 
SCHOOL DISTRICT 

WHITE MIDDLE SCHOOL 
VISIT YOUR SCHOOL! THEY 
WILL CHERISH YOU! 
PRINCIPAL: D A M O N H O LLING SW ORTH 

EAST CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL 
EAST CENTRAL BOARD OF TRUSTEES 

SUPERINTENDENT: PAT HOLMES 

HELP YOUR SCHOOL S WATCH IT CROW ! 

WHEATLEY HIGH SCHOOL 
YOUR SCHOOL NEEDS YOUII! 

PRINCIPAL: JULIAN TREVINO 

VICE PRINCIPAL: JOE GUITIEREZ 

BRENNER PRINTING CO 
O L D F A S H IO N E D Q U A L IT Y A P R IN T IN G S E R V IC E 
C O M P E T IT IV E P R IC E S 
VISIT YOUK SCH O O L A MAKE THEM PR O U D O f Y O U III 

E M E R Y B R E N N E R 
1135 BASSE 
736-4291 

INCARNATE W O R D COLLEGE 
Degree* Ottered: Art • Busine** - Droma - liberal Art* - 
Music ■ Home Eco - Allied Health Education - Nursing - Pre- 
Med • Science*. 
FOR IN FO R M AT IO N CALL” 
INCARNATE WORD COLLEGE 
M a in O le. 4 3 o 1 B r o o d w a y 
1 2 8 - 1 2 6 1 

TEXAS VOCATIONAL SCHOOL 

• V.A. APPROVED 

COURSES FOR QUALIFIED VETERANS 

• Welding • Auto Mechanics • Body & 
Fender • Air Conditioning & Refrigera­ tion • Commercial Art • Plumbing. 

1913 S. Flores St. 
225-3253 

TRINITY 
UNIVERSITY 
ONE MUST NEVER LIE AT 
ANCHOR 
VISIT YOUR SCHOOL 
THIS WEEK!!! 

SOUTHWEST CENTER 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
JUNIOR COLLEGE DISTRICT 
LET THEM KNO W YOU CARE! VISIT 
YOUR SCHOOL THIS WEEKI! 

DIRECTOR: J A M IS M DYE 

ASS T DIRECTOR: LUSIANO SOLIZ 
DIR. OF CONTINUING EDUCATION: 
ROBERT L. DALGLISH 

OUR LADY OF THE 
LAKE UNIVERSITY 
OF SAN A N T O N IO 

411 SW 24TH ST 
434-6711 

IF YOU HAVE AN OPEN MIND, CHANCES ARE 
SOMETHING WILL DROP INTO ITI VISIT YOUR 
SCHOOL THIS WEEKIII 

PRESIDENT: DR. GERALD BURNS 

JOHN JAY 
HIGH SCHOOL 

IF WE PROFIT BY THE ERRORS OF 
YESTERDAY 
WE 
MAY 
LIVE 
VIC­ 
TORIOUSLY TODAY!!! 

VISIT YOUR SCHOOL THIS WEEK!! 

PRINCIPAL: ROGER H A RRIS 

Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 
HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
M O N D A Y thru FRIDAY 

24 4— Industrie! Property 
For I m 
* 
244— M w ttrio l Property 
W onted 
24 8— Office Space for 

25 o — Office Space 
W anted 
25 2— Beal (state Sell or 
(■ch ange 
2 S 4 — Bael (state W anted 
2 S 4 — Bael b re t* 

7 4 4 — Custom ised C e n — 
Speed-Boring [quip. 
7 4 6 — Track* 4 Comm ercial 
Trailer*— Bate l 
748 
M o torcycle*— 
Scooter* 
7 SO— W anted-Aute*. 
Track*, Trotter*, 
Motorcycle* 
7 52 — General Auto 

I * pm* ( . h a m O n ** 
PFM*. v*« areal Pee* M n 
IO! — Deem. 
1o2— Card rn* THenk* 
Memertam 
1 o 3 — Fla rs*tt— Flow er* 
1 o 4 — Funeral Directer* 
1 o 5 — C om etary — Burial 
- ■ 
H i -------------------- 

 iqs mums 
1o6 PERSONALS 
1o6 PERSONALS 
1o6 PERSONALS 
R i H t it it Yr Yr Yr it A it it Yr it it Yr it it if it it ★ A A 

2S8 
Bee! b te te teen* 

 to*= 
I i 

• I NT A IS y m 

3 o 2 — Mobile Hem e* for 
Bent 
4o1 
Apartm ent* turn 
4 o 2 — Hom okoopm g Apt. 
Fem. 
4o4 — Ap artm ent*. Unfirm. 
4 o 6 — Moose*. Duple »e»— 

1 34— Tire*— Port*— 
Accessories 
7 36— Aisle. 
Fin en cl 
7 S B — Aircraft 

1o6 PERSONALS 

■ICMATIOMAl 

1 o 7 — 
B o rin e ** P e n t o n * * 
1oB— Leat end Feond 
11O— «p ariel Notice* 
1 8 
.. n i 
Atrail 8 Ii a m d 

I i i — lo d g e Faerie et 
12o— BM * A Propose** 
I 32— Official Pobttcotton* 
I 24— Loge* Motte** 

4o8 
Ho e* * *, D o p ie st*— 
Untarnished 
41o 
Hem * *, Bent ar Sell 
41 2— Beam *, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Beam*, Unfam ished 
4 1 6 — Beam * with Beard 
4 1 5 - W ent ta Bent ar 

•o1- 
8o2. 
> o 4 — Beet*. Meters 
• o 6 — Sporting (Seed* 

 n o u n H O m u a 

• l o ­ an—-Mobile Heme 
B o p a ir* b M W — ag 
• l f 
* 

 lu st ra l l l 

 o p p o b t m at tit s 
$ 

• ( A i IST A t i 
Opportunities 

2o1 — Bee* b te te Notice* 
2o 2 — O pen He aaa* 
2o 4 — Property Out et 

 damtnhimi 

SO I 

So2. 

3o4— M oney to lend 
3o6—Financial— Invest. 

SO B— OM Proportion* 
S IO — M oney W onted 
S I 2 — Instruction* 
S 14 
Instru m ent W anted 

M I ac M A N O LI 

9 o 3 — Building Moi oriel* 

V O S 
. P i u t a k l . 
____ r *n CP 
8* nr * * * 8g 
6 o 7 — Furniture 
6o6 ".'Pawn Broker* 
61o — Appliance* 
61 2 
H ee M arket* 
♦ 14 
Antigua* 
6 1 6 — Arts, Croft*, Im port* 
6 1 6 — Coma A Jewelry 
6 2 o — Com oro— Photo 
9t|-rT 
6 2 2 — Musical instrument* 

IM PCO TM I NT 
M 
6 2 6 — M e thin ary — feel* 

31 § — Ho w e * Mewed end 
W recked 

222 - 
Beel 

32 4 — He aa es, So l* or 
•eat 
226— Suburb an 
P> ape N y — Acreage 
22• — Besort Proper*#* 
23o— Let* 
2 3 2 — form s end B an d ie * 
334 — fem ** end Bench#* for Bent 
236 
Com m erriei 
BA,. m a ii, — — ShebAx r I IPpPNif * TF w 

(tao**) 
3»o — Com mercial 
Property (W onted) 
342 — in dot trial Property 

£o I '.'ny yi p^A Y 6 % 1 
6 o 2 — Sale* 
6o 4 — Technic ai 
6 o 5 — Become* 
6o6 ' A dm ini»tr citiue— 

6 o 8 — Secretariat 
81 o— Office A (.terne! 
61 2 — Medico! 
6 1 4 — Skin*-Trade* 
♦ 16— Food Drink Se m e s* 
6 1 8 — Part n m * 
6 2 o — Help W anted 

6 2 4 — Situations W anted 
. 
Al 

612 
Auction Sal* 
6 34 
Aurine I * Directory 

B O O S — P IT S 
^ 

636 - -B eg* -Cot»-6irdi-Pet» 
6 3 8 — Poultry. Babbit.-See, 

AN 
I O C t NT e r o u ^ i V Y o u contact us- I o o iit ( M r * M u t u a l 
W illiam s 
Coli Vernier or M om 
J W b b ^ 
^ 
I 
Blk#! tin* Unripe! I«*di»~> 
I Coll Vicki sr Ja n * at SI2-434 i m 
I (Call collect). T he* nave boon in your d ie ** ana they want to title 
All alternative* discussed raft loietiitv Spectair n f r m to c o m ) C a ll M it t E X O T I C th a i sh o aly, super. ** © in a '\ P A R IS 
B U B B , 4*2 29*4 
»6'H'V I A b V T i c 7 rT~Tyf 'v ice 
) 14-8211, 711 I M I T a h r * H ouse 
4 J IS Blanco iT T 'TTAHgV H H P Y O U THRU 
TH E W ITE loam to carn. P A B IS 
I BU BB W H O M . 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

 outside city, open I d a y* 'til 2am 
F re t m asse u se *. 1221o IH M N betwwen O 'Conner 6 Judson B d s 

A T T N H I G H R O L L E R S 
E ih ila r a t m a co n tin u o u s action with P i* payo ffs p o ssib le M in - i im urn $1888 C a ll new tell tree 
•88-824-3128 A sk ie* operator IM 
<i alt"t i l i la srm m 1 a, w,, 
M o s s a u r Of Y o u r L it *I P A R IS 
B U B B . Open ie M orn Ie 4pm 
492 7994 cl i t ? et r e r iw t H A t 
A IN T SC O T C H * 492 299« 
D A T E S < U L 6 A £ * M e * ! L o ca l s in a i* * C a ll O o te lm e lait free 

Do you w an) to lese weight th* n u t r it io n a l w a y 7 D o it w ith 
S H A K L E E Products Coil 2 7pm 
149 8211 or M I 8794 f n lo r « e Y o u r c ir c le of S in a i* 
F rie n d s jo in 
S U B U R B A N S IN 
O L E O A T IN O S E R V IC E Write 
•451 M ichelle W a r Sun Antonio. 
T m 78219 

 t v r r U d r e a 'iatiLclT W aasaB e * 
Call Carm en tar Details. 492 2994 
FOR U t UP with an unwed prep nancy, coil E d n a Gladney Home. 
Ft Worth, TX I 888 792 1184 

 tlV IS T O C k 

94o livestock teed- 

641 — 
Produce 

• A * — farm Igu lp m ent 
AUTOMOTIVE 

7 o ! — Antigu a* -Cettecter* 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sport*. Foreign 

7 8 o -7 4 1 — (Up**— far Se** 

 to# flu fAsrtsr eisuits 
CM A W A N I AO 
IHI NUMtlt IO CAU is 27$ I AOA lapels* a leo Mi yes 

FREE 

RATER BIOS 

EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 
Given by th* f o sie sf S i n * in San 
Antonio 
P e s t place ie Beta* and 
Unw ind 
"Feet Batter F a st' 
Oui side City L im it* Open ie 18 ie lam B it D isc pants I N orth Side 
P A R IS B U B B 492 2994 

CAU 224 ie * * 

FREE*p S °nd NEWS 

A d s 

°r'nude, 
W e n . S boilable ... 
o,5o 
N e w sp o p e rs ye s fi'd e o n d 
* W e e of ,he 

' 7°ooo arcula, 1 rece,v® t S°" 
*o , o 

 y 4 tvgn,n9s< T o q I 

A . 

*♦ i 
» i * 
»*♦♦ 

 g. Mr. & Mrs 
Roger E 
Gill 
♦ proudly announce the ar 
♦ rival of their baby G IR L 
♦ Nicole Michelle Gill, 8 lbs. 
9 4 OI born February 2o, 
J 1977. 

J Mr & Mrs Carlos Hermon 
6 proudly announce the or- 
♦ rival of thew baby BOY: 
♦ Carlos Fronco Harleton, 8 
T lbs 4Va o i born Februory 
J 18, 1977. 

 g. Mr. & Ms. Abelino Porto 
6> Marline!, Jr. proudly on 
^ nounce the ornvol of their 
♦ baby BOYt Abelmo Porto 
♦ Martin*!, Ill, 7 lbs. I OI. 
J born February 25, 1977, 

^ Or 
& 
Mrs. 
G ary 
Mc g Williams proudly ann ounce 
6 the arrival of their baby 
♦ BOY: 
Scott 
Franklin 
Mc- 
♦ Williams, 7 lbs. 
14Vi oi, jfr born February 21, 1977. 

^ Mr & Mrs. Harold t Sparry 
A proudly announce the ar- 
+ nerd of their boby GIRI 
♦ Shondo Michelle Sperry, I 
♦ lbs. 15 oi. born February 
T 7, 1977 
♦I 

Mr & Mrs. Woyne N. Sta vmoho proudly announce the arrival of their baby 
BOY. Jason Wayne, 7 lbs. 
5 oi. born February 
18. 
1977 

Mr 
& Ms. 
Richard 
F 
Stengel proudly announce the arrival of their boby 
G IR L 
Christine 
Alicia 
Stengel, 8 lbs. 4 1/] OI. born 
February IS, 1977. 

Or & Mrs Donald Stoddard proudly announce the or rived of their baby 
GIRL 
Jennifer Lynne Stoddard, 8 
•bs born 
Februory 
22, 
1977 

Mr 
& Mrs. Cheryl Trobue proudly announce the ar­ rival of their boby 
GIRI 
Aisha Yabet Trabue, 8 lbs 
3 oi. born February 23, 
1977 

To Place Your 
Birth Announcement 
Call Ms. James 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

* 

* 
Bf 
* 
♦ 
A 
Af 
Ai 
At 
Ai 
♦ 
* 
Ai 
* 
* 
Ai 
Ai 
♦ 
Ai 
Ai 
« 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
« 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
At 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
Ai 
* 
Ai 
Ai 
♦ 
Al 
Ai 
* 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS IO? BUSINESS PERSONALS 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

M A S S E U S E W A N T E D 42o8 I JOO 
W eekly E a p t n e n c * net n o e s * - ' 
SO11 212 1141 4118 Bianco Tokyo 
House 
I a PUI SS AND H I y*4 

187 BUSINESS PERSONALS 1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 1o7 - BUSINESS PEBSGNA1S lO ir T B e n V k B w P O E M S iieededTobeseFTom usTr 

G. I. 
SPECIAL 
M ost M a ssa p rs r i P ricei tOpm ta tam The Late N it* Place Ie be this week* 
P A R IS B U B B , 
492 2994 

S P R I N G S P E C I A L 7 P r . c # ~ M ^ . „ 
______________ 
/ . '! * iounl> o,M* w m riaaei 
F O U N D lo o p 
732-1141 Tokyo House 4218 B lance 
- - -- 
^ 

2 W om en with M a s so sc era 
: r a it c a le to V ic t o r ia t i ) 
$2,888 aer month Send Re to 
M r Kina. B o r 4121, Vie 
Ta 27981 __________________ 

HH IB I MIO HUB) 
Tamflv^rRnjTTTcTmToloi 
Summit, Coll M i T il* 

 latchm okei Im 
Singles 18 88 yr*, intr oducivn* 
144 1 Ut, 144 1124 

 in TMI i a m i s s N I w s 
CAU 214 1*46 

 me from 4pm lo 2uin, E d ie tar 
We otter $18,8o8 cosh o w ard s ♦ d rin k s and d a n c in g A l the Ma- ruyalttes ond e u k lisk in a F o r a sort, 4443 Rondoioii Bled between free c o llu t io n send your norm s 
O Conner 6 Judson B d s ta C ountry Creations, Boa MSF. r m rc n rwB mws 
. NmhyRN, T*m»*s«* v i n 

 i ii Rib AY SPECIAL' Hoi! Pr iTr 
M o sso « * from 12 4 Free Sauna t i l 1341 4118 B lanco Md j t i Y Our Munday BIO S P E C IA L 
M A S S A G E ! Coil It! tor eaaoinl m enl, we will be busy M o m ta 
| Item P A R IS B U B B . 891 3994 

------------------------------TTT 
Md M ed su e blae* yrs eld Ne collar f eat 22o ar 494 8482 
ToUijD imall Bluet 
W hit* Face 3218 Non 
C o r Y - b l o c l m u sk' ! m a l* A ta n a n . S ch 
He we IJ 444 4383 

o:: i i 

2 
2 
S 
- 
1 
M 
< 
CWICK MSUtTSI 

H O H C O If t E t t f ft C S A U 
: 
CANCIUAfcU 
W IT H O U T 
. 
U A T I C H A N G E 

I a n i l i n PROPOSALS t 1 « W I S lH B im ilS 

BIDS WANTED 
CITY OF SAN ANTONIO 

W a d b k fa WW bt r 
^ d b y th * C ity C le rk , C ity 
^ 
'? **•: «»*« 2 rOO P .* . , M e rck 22 , 
19 77 fo r th * fo llo w in g A s c rib e d C ity p a w n ed v a c a n t lots: 
. . . 
__ ._ 
MWO*. 
MINIMUM 
U GAI OfSOUfTIOM j f j l 

NCB 23o1, let 91 19 it. af lot IO. Blk 8,1714 W. 
Houston 
7o.36 , 175 
NCB 24oo, let I, Blk. 12, lost of HO Paramount 
5o x ISO 
NCB 248o, lot 2, Blk. 12, tost of 11o Paramount 
SS x ISO 
I NCB 249o, lot 41, Blk. 4, IOO Blk. of Consuolo 
SO *12o 
NCB 249o, let 42, Blk. 4, IOO Blk. of Consuete 
SO * 12o 
I NCB 2494, lot 33. Blk. 8, North of 222 Alicia 
5o*125 
I NCI 754)o, lot 31, Blk. 14, South of 2S9 Carlot* 
5o*142 
NCB 75oo, lot 32, Blk. 14, Soutti of 259 Corloto 
SO * 147 
NCB 7SoS, lot 94, Blk. 19,3o4 Dolores 
5o*128 
NCB 75o5, Ut 95, Blk 19, Nest of 1222 Hortencio 
5o * 128 
NCB 75o5, Ut 96, Blk. 19,1215 Hortenoo 
5o * i?8 
NCB 75o5, Ut 97, Blk. 19, So. of 1335 Hortencio 
5o*128 
NCB 75o5, lot 98, Blk. 19, So. of 133S Hortenrio 
SO * 128 
NCB 75o5, Ut 99, Blk 19, So of 1335 Hortenrio 
SO * 128 
NCB 75o4, lot 1o7, Blk 2o. N. I. comer of Maria lleno and Hortenrio 
5o*128 
NCB 75o4, lot 1o8, Blk 2o,33Ulicio 
5o*128 
NCB 844o, ti VS of lot 14, Blk 6,1 SS Esmeroldo 
SO * 753 
NCB 844o, 5 VS of lot 14, Blk. 6, ISI Esmeralda 
5o* 253 
S 9oo.oo 
5 ft. of Hie East port, of lot 14 to be retained by The city. 
NCB 8995, Ut 55, Blk 4, IOO Blk. of Lawton 
SO x 125 
J 675 oo 
NCB 8996, lot SB, Blk 15, 2oo Blk of Hobart 
95 * 65 
J 565.oo 
NCB 8996, lot 59, Blk. 15,2oo Blk of Hobort 
5o* 13o 
$ 565.oo 
NCB 8996, Ut 4o, Blk IS, 2oo Blk. of Hobart 
5o* 13o 
$ 565.oo 
NCB 6997, lot 62, Blk 9, IOO Blk of Ardmore 
5o * 125 
S 675 oo 
NCB 9243, Ut 27, Blk. 3,3oo Blk. of 42nd St 
8o * IOO 
5 9oo.oo 
I NCB 9272, Ut 27, Blk 12,418 Invent# 
8o * IOO 
J 95o.oo 
NCB 1o339, Ut IO, Blk 3,219 Bennis 
5o* 1176 
S 45ooo 
NCB 1o339, lot ll, Blk 3,215 Bemus 
5o* 117 6 
J 43ooo 
I NCB 1o339, lot 12, Blk 3,215 Bemus 
5o* 1176 
5 43o.oo 
NCB 1o34o, Lot 4. Blk 4,714 Bemus 
5o * 117 6 
$ 375 OO 
’NCB 1o34o, lot 5, Blk 4, 21o Bemus 
5o* 1176 
5 375 oo 
LNCB 1o34o, lot 7, Blk 4,2o2 Bemus 
5o * 117 6 
5 485.oo 
I NCB 1o341, lot I, Blk 5, SB Corloto 
5o* 117 6 
S 45o.oo 
I f l i t t i n g d ra in a g * e a se m e n t e n th e fo llo w in g firs t p a rce l wHI b * re ta in e d b y C ity , f o r d e ta ils , see p la t 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

COTULLA INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT’S 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES POLICY 

I 
Policy Stohamt nf o f lh * D n t o c t * E q u al E m p lo ym en t P ra ctice * 

H tt a Fundamental policy o f #*e Cotulla Independent School District to provide ©qual apportunrty to oft it* em ployee* and applicants for employment, and we atw e e tho* there that! be absolutely no due am ination ogm m t any pervert in the United States an ground* o f race, color, religion, national origin, or ce* escepf when Bes is a bena fide occupationol qualification Thu obligation extend* to o il areas o f ipmplayment including, but not necessarily lim ited to, the follow ing 

Recruitment 
Selection and Placement ((ob onwgnmentt) 
Rate o f pay 
Promotion and transfer 
Disciplinary mecuures 
Dem otion*, la yo ff*, and term ination* 
D aily w orking condition* 
Testing and training (where applicable) 
A w ard*, com pensation*, and benefit* 

The importance a f fu lfillin g this policy w ill be given top p nonty con­ sideration in the day to day operation* o f the Cotulla l?*dep#n<fent 
School District AH o f our employee* are being mad** aware thai any violation o f the letter or spirit o f this policy by on employee shall result in appropriate disciplinary action, including discharge if w arranted 

This policy is consistent w ith the provision* and objectives o f the Civil 
Rights Act o f 1964, w ith implem entation accomplished in accordance with specifics defined in the Cotulla Independent School D istrict s A f firmotive Action Program being initiated through this and other documents 

Responsibility for the developm ent, im plem entation, and momtenonce o f procedures in accordance with the equal em ploym ent opportunity policy is assigned to the Superintendent o f Schools for the Cotulla 
School District 
The School board shall have the responsibility o f m onitoring and evaluating the Equal Employment O pportunity Program and o f directing the activities o f the Superintendent o f Schools towards effective implementation o f the program The Superintendent w ill conduct periodic review * o f the C otulla Independent School 
District s personnel actions to ensure that the D istrict’s policy on Equal 
Opportunity is being odheom d to 

This statement of policy w ill be placed in th© C otulla Record, the San 
Antonio and Laredo dotty papers 

281 RIAL ESTATE MOTHES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE MOMS 
2o1 KAI ESTATE MOMS 
2o1 REAL ESTATE MOTIFS 

SUE WEEMS 
ASSOC, REALTORS 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 

OWNER DYING 
J to move to th# country moke his I horn* hts own 3 bedrooms, 2 both-,. I separate dining, detached garage, let I 
Ie nor moo Only 524,5oo 
'* 
BSYl WEIGAND 
344- 2141,342-6456 
J 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
RRST OFFERING 
This is one of the hon) to find' kind! I 
3 bedrooms. 2 baths, family room plus I an enclosed jateuised porch, living I room with fireploce, separate dining I kitchen with bay window, central beet I ond ait Mid SOY 
J 
8264)4o4 
822 9327 I 
VALLEY FORGE f 
RRST OFFERING 
I 
I Delightful 3 bedroom, 2 bath, with I I large living area, beautiful garden kit I chen, large covered porch Good loon I to assume 
826-o6o4 
824-3563 I j 
ON TO OF THE WORLD j 
RRST OFFERING 
I With a 
SO mile view that is I 
I bteoth'aking! Custom built 5 bedroom 
I with 3ooo sq ft on 6 acres Another 8 
I acres available Col! us now and let us 
I R A V I' 
I 826-o6o4 
453-5259 
I 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
| 
| 
LARKSPUR 
I Tired of small bedrooms? See these! 
Mosier bedroom is almost 16*2o, with 
2 other twin sized, over 2ooo sq ft in 

o two year old home with formal living, separate dining and large fgmi ly room with fireplace Call to see today* 
1264)6o4 
826-6497 

51,26o oo 
$ 9oooo 
5 9oo.oo 
5 43ooo 
5 63o.oo 
5 
79o oo 
3 63ooo 
5 639.oo 
$ 
79o oo 
5 
75ooo 
3 
79o oo 
5 675oo 
5 675 oo 
3 675 oo 

 ll. 
M tnonly Recruitment Plan 

( I ) P»f*onol visit* to *ev©ral college* such a* Par American College, 
Edinburg, A A I , Kingsville, The University o f Texas at Austin. St, 
Mery * University, San Marcos, ond other* os necessary 

(2.) Advertisements m area newspapers and contact w ith University 
Placement O ffices to inform the student population o f em ploy­ ment opportunities a t Cotulla Independent School District 

(3.) Contect with m inority manpower organization* such os Jobs for 
Progress, Inc (O peration SIR, Son Antonio) 

HI 
Em ploym ent G o a l* a n d Tim etab les 

( I.) The annual percentage o f turnover irs faculty i% approxim ately 

NCB 8891, lot 18, Wait of 2315 divas Si 
5o* 1576 
5 65o oo 
NCB 1o341, lot 6, 81k. 5,38 Corloto 
5o* 117.6 5 675 oo 
• NCB 1o341, Ut 7, Blk 5,34 Cariola 
5o* 117.6 5 485.oo’ 
NCB 1o341, lot 9, Blk 5,55 Fterenoa 
5o* 117.6 5 675 oo 
NCB 1o342, lot 12, Blk 6,43 Cornuate 
5ox 117 6 3 45o oo 
NCB 1o342, Ut 13, Blk. 6,39 Consuete 
5o* 117 6 3 45o oo 
NCB 1o343, lot 8, Blk. 7, 59 Dolores 
5ox 117 6 3 45o oo 
;NCB 1o343, Lot 9, Blk. 7,55 Oalares 
5o* 1)7.6 3 45o.oo 
UCB 1o343, lo ll I, Blk 7,47 Dolores 
5ox 117.6 
5 43o.oo 
NCI 1o343, lot 12. Ilk 7,43 Dolores 
5o * 117.6 
3 43o.oo 
MCB 1o344, lot I. Blk 8. SB Dolores 
SO * 117 6 
3 45o.oo 
NCB 1o344. lot 2, Blk. B, 54 Dolores 
5ox 117 6 
3 45o oo 
NO 1o344, Ut 3. Blk 8. 5o Dolores 
5o * ll7.6 
3 375oo 
NCB 1o344, Lot 5, Blk. IO, IO Consuelo 
5o * 117 6 5 
375.oo 
NCB 1o344, Ut 6. Blk. IO, 6 Consuelo 
5ox 117 6 3 
43o.oo 
NCB 1o346. lot 7, Wk IO, 2 Consuelo 
5ox 117 6 * 
43o oo 
NCB 1o344, Ut ll, Blk. IO, IS Dolores 
5ox 117 6 3 
37S OO 
NCB 1o347. lot IO, Blk ll, 19 Consuelo 
SO x 117 6 3 
375 oo 
NCo 1O347, lot I, Blk. ll, 26 florence 
5o* 117.4 5 
5*o.oo 
NC1 1o347, Ut 2. Blk ll, 22 fterencto 
5o* 117.6 5 
51ooo 
NCB 1o347, lot 4, Ilk ll, 14 Hoiencio 
5o* 117.6 3 
375 oo 
NCI 1o347, lot 6, Blk It, 6 floremio 
5o* 117.6 3 
375 oo 
NCB 1o347, Ut 7. Ilk ll, 2 Florentio 
$o* 117.6 3 
45o.oo 
NCB 1o347, U til, ilk ll, IS Consuelo 
5o * 117.6 
3 45ooo 
NCB 1o347, Ut 12, Blk ll, ll Consuelo 
5o* 1174 
3 45ooo 
NU 1o347, Ut 13, Blk ll, 7 Consuelo 
SO * 117.6 
3 45o oo 
NCB 1o347, Lot 14 Blk ll, 3 Consuelo 
SO a 117.6 
3 45ooo 
NCB 1o346, Ut I, Blk 12,26 Corloto 
5o* 117 6 5 
45o oo 
NCI 1o348, Ut 2, Ilk 12,22 Corloto 
5o* 117 4 3 
45o oo 
NCI 1o34B, Ut 13, Ilk 12, 7 Florentio 
SO* 117 6 3 375.oo 
NCB 1o348, lot 14, Ilk. 12,3 florentia 
SO * 
117 6 3 375 OO 
NC1 1o348, Ut 7 Blk 12, 2 Garloto 
5o * 117 6 
3 375 oo 
NCI 1o348, lot IO. Blk 12.19 Flmentw 
SO*’ 17 
3 375 OO 
NCB 1o348, lot ll, Blk 12.15 Florence 
5o * 117 3 
37S OO 
NCB 1o348, lot 12. Blk 12, IS Florentio 
SO * 117 5 
45o.oo 
NCB 1o349, lot 2, Blk 13,122 Bemus 
5o * 117 6 3 45o.oo 
NU 1o349, Ut 3, Blk 13, HS Bemus 
5o*1174 3 45ooo 
NU 1o349, Ut B, Blk 13.27 Urloto 
5o * 117 6 3 45o OC 
NU 1o349, Ut 9, Blk 13. 23 lor'oto 
5o * 117.6 5 45o oo 
NCB 1o349, Ut 12, Blk 13. I l l Corloto 
SOx 117.4 5 45o.oo 
NCB 1o35o, Ut 12, Blk 14, 111 Bemus 
$o* 117.4 5 3*ooo 
NU 1o351, Ut S, ilk. IS, 11O Gnggs 
5o* 117.6 
3 
375oo 
NCB 1o331,lotk.Nk 15,1o6Gnggs 
3o* 117.4 
5 
373oo 
NCB 1o3S1, lot 7, Blk 15,1o2 Gnggs 
SO * 117.6 
5 
375.oo 
NCB 1o549, Ut I, Wk 22, West of 17o Mooning 
5o* 1o5 
31.555.oo 
NCB 11364, lot ll, Blk. 3,3911 Beeth 
5o* 112 
3 69o.oo 
NCB 11364, Ut 12, Blk. 3,39o7 Beeth 
5o*11? I 69o oo 
• NCB 11365, Ut 12. Blk 4,3867 Beeth 
5o*11? 3 69ooo 
1 NCB 11365, lot 13, Blk 4.3163Beeth 
5o*11? 5 69ooo 
NCI 1)365, Ut 14, Ilk 4.3159 Beeth 
488 * 117 3 69ooo i NU 11365, Ut IS. Blk 4,3853 Beeth 
34 * 112 3 69o oo 
NCI 11365. Ut 16, Blk 4,3B5I Beeth 
5o*11? 3 69o oo 
NU 11365, Ut 17, Ilk 4.3B47 Beeth 
5o* 112 
3 
69o oo 
NU 11365, Ut 18, Mk 4.3B43 Beeth 
SO * 11? 
3 
69o OO 
' NU 11365, Ut 19, Ilk 4, 3839 Beeth 
5o* 112 
5 
69o oo 
NC1 11365, lot 2o Ilk 4,383$ Beeth 
5o* 112 
3 
69ooo 
NU UJ65, lot 21, Mk 4,3821 Beeth 
5o* 112 
3 
69o oo 
NC1 11365, lot 22, Ilk 4. 3827 Beeth 
SO * 112 
5 
49o.oo 
NCI 13633, Ut 9, Blk 2,2451 Uvas 
5o*142 
*1o15 oo 
NU 13633, Ut IO, Bk 2.2451 lim 
5o*16? 
51,o15 OO 
NU 13633, Ut ll, Mk 2.2451 livos 
5o* 162 
31 o15 oo 
NCI J958, UIS 131 14, Blk I, II I Hidalgo 
4o ■ 75 
31,125 OO 
NCI 6321, lots 141 15. W Tram I Jesus Alley 
57 3*71.3 
5 945 oo 
NU 1132, W Vt of lots 3 X 4, Ilk 3, 7oo Ilk S. Son 
Bernardo 
5o*9o 
3 
BIO oo 
NU 2432. Uh AA 8 41, Mk 5, 2oo Blk ll Rosa 
51.36* 723 
S B ’ ooo 
NCI 8979, E VS of lots 21 X 22, Blk 14. BOO Ilk 5. 
Son Bern ordo 
5o * 86 
5 
63o OO 
NU 2893, lots 2? 8 23. Mk 3. 2oo5 5aniio|o 
5o * 75 
3 
945.oo 
C onv«ya*M «(ft) w ill b a b y S pacial W a rra n ty D o o d (i). 
Mids m u st bio on C ity bW fo rm s w h ic h mary bo o b ­ ta in e d fro m th o C ity Cl o rb . 
Tho C ity ro so rvo s th o rig h t to ro |o c t a n y o r a ll h id * a n d to w a iv e a n y F o rm a litie s. 
For fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n , cuH M r. R udy B a rrie n to s a t 
2 2 5 - 9 4 4 1 , U t . a n . 

CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 
S terlin g B u r k * ................................ 8 2 4 - 6 3 5 1 
P e te C anto ( N o r t h ) ................... 7 3 6 - 4 2 9 6 
P e te C anto (S o u th ) ................... 5 3 2 - 7 5 o o 
C lara B elle t o t h e r ...................... 3 4 4 - o 2 2 5 
V irg in ia C e r v e n k a ....................... 6 5 5 - 5 1 3 1 
G a t e - B a k e r......................................6 9 o - 8 9 9 o 
Hodsdon A A s s o c ia te s 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
Don Johnson (N o rth w e s t) . . 3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 
Don Johnson (N o r th e a s t). . . 8 2 8 - 8 2 4 1 
Don Johnson (North Control} . . . 4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 
Bob Jones ( N o r th ).......................3 4 4 - 2 3 4 1 
Don Johnson (Nacogdoches) . . . 6 5 6 - 3 4 4 1 
Bob Jones ( N o r th )...................... 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
Bob Jones (S o u th )...................... 5 3 3 - 7 1 6 3 
D a le R ile y ........................................ 4 9 4 - 3 5 4 1 
Sue W e e m s & A s so ciates. . . 8 2 6 - o 6 o 6 
R andolph R e a lt y ......................... 6 5 8 - 5 3 o 1 
Your Key to the City of 
San Antonio 

(2.) In arder to ochteve a more realistic botonee between ethnic enrdfmaa* ond m inority professional staff, th© 
C otulla 
In dependent School D istrict w ill moke every good faith e ffo rt to hire cm mcrcostng number o f m inority le e ch e s ond wtH stove for et leos* o rehem thot w ill result in Significant ne* increases over the next five school years. 
BOB JONES 

R E A L T O R 
3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
HO SPECIAL W T O 
BARGAIN BUY 
El MIO AT SAN PEDRO 
Priced to ult quickly Otfk*. sterog# I shed on 166 ocre enclosed by fence 
JIM WARMS 
344-2341,828-246o 
OWNER DYING to move to th* country mok* bn home his own 3 bedrooms, 2 both*, separate dinmq, detach id garage Jot- lotion oreo Only 52* 5oo 
B um WEIGAND 
344-2341, 342-4434 
ROOM TO ROAM 
Almost an aa t of ground* surround* fbi* graciou* 65 ysar old brick house plus furnished apartment oho** 3 cor gorage, lovely pool ond recreational oreo Under 37o,ooo 
BUTI W8GANo 
344-2341,3424454 
PICK A RETREAT 
11 ocre* near Blanco with 2 bedroom, 
WHAT EVERYBODY WANTS 
» * " '■ 
»o"d«op«i mw im 
Beautiful yard • swimming pool cen condition ti al vocuum cleaner centra* heat ond on 
3 bedrooms • 2 bothi beautiful kitchen AH b t only 355.ooo See it. you H buy it. 

February 18, 1977 

ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS 
BLOOD 
?DoNAT1oNS? 
BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES O f 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Min*.-h i 8 9 o SJM -C GO PJL 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 

$ P A ID D O N A TIO N S $ 

ONLY 

BROOKS COUNTY OFFICE 
BUILDING 
FALFURRIAS TEXAS 

Sealed proposals will be received on Mardi 23. 1977, at 2oo pm at the Brook* (ounty Courthouie, Coun­ ty fudge * office 

In general, the work is to remodel the rxnV c Blunter furniture Store 
Bidding, foHurru*, texas into new office for 
Brooks 
County 
This generally includes demolition, masonry, ond plater work. carpen­ try wood studs ond gypsum board podit'ons, wood doors end hollow metal frames, pointing, rest bent flooring ond other finishes ond up dating the electrical and piumbma sysfents a'id i mimic lion of WAC system An efevntor wtH ba con­ sidered os on Add AHemate 

 the prated is funded by I D A ond conformance ta woge rates, ond eg vol employment opportunity ore requited, The Contractor shall stort construction by April ll, 1977, and complete constiudion within eiqht 
S 

 months. 
A lid 
Bond ond forma net and Payment Bonds are required. 

One lump sum bid will be received and will include the general con­ struction ond elednrel/ mechanical 

The plans ond speedKotiem may be examined at the Arcaded s office 
Nigger • Folkmghem, 261o Austin htrttonof Bonk Tower, Austin, Texas 
717o1, ond at vonous pion rooms rn the genera! meo ond O' the County lodges office, 
Brooks 
County 
Courthouse, Foffurrtos, fexos 

Hon* ond ipecjftcotiem may bo obtomed horn the office of the 
Atchrted A deposit of 325 OO per set is required ond will be refunded upen return of 
Documents in 
9ood reuseable condition 

The Brooks County Commissioners 
Court reserves Hie right to accept or refuse any ond all proposals 

Judge fide woo G. Cana, lr. 
Brooks Cl— By, Tete* 

M odel H om e— IOT I G ordina 
(O ff 2 o o o B lock W o o f A v e .) 
Paneled k itc h e n a n d fam ily room com bination. 
W e A ls o Do R e m o d e lin g A F ire p la ce s 
3 4 9 -1 4 9 1 
3 4 1 - o o 1 6 
5 9 1 7 Son P edro 
S p e c ie B u i l d e r s , In c . 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 

 rn 
C A M B • 
C O U K 1 H Y B I D E 

* HURTSBH e C P F B C % 
■ 

P M W T K W H o I M 8 
• i V 
' S 
’ i f 

PETE CANTU 

R E A L TO R S 
7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 

P ric e ,Shop. C om pore. Still fe a ­ tu rin g le t? M assag es at 1973 
Prices! Come meet oui Beautiful 
New 
M ech an ics” . Som ething new comino soon*! 
THE BODY SHOPPE. 493 1oo1. 

HODSDON I ASSOC 
R E A L T O R S 
6 7 4 -3 5 3 2 
3o acies neor Kerrville with beautiful double wide mobil# home 
Fetted weekend or retirement home lu a u ! MttSOfWAlI 
344-2341,344-3349 

 wedding debuts. All occasions. 
$ 3 2 - 9 3 4 3 ________________ 

Ski New M tilC O -C o M e 
Charter your own Might t it s gar person round trip (Borty of 4). 
For dermis, coll (S U ) 844 347t 
S P R IN G AN O S U M M E R good tim es a re here. Tennis. fishing, boating, swim m ing at your own private park. Per $26o down and 
$3S-$$o monthly, you get all (his plus your own1 m e r* and lorger tra c t of land. 3S m in fro m all malls. 494-3444or 494-1274. Ask tor 
Betty Weekends 497-37S3. Ask (or 
N o im i'i 

I M ACRES 
Hilltop land with great view of twill country Short drive from Son Antonio 
Only *16.5oo 
VIRGINIA CERVENKA 
REALTOR 
6 9 9 -9 1 3 1 

STERLING BURKE 
R E A L T O R S 
8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 
WINDCREST 
4 Bedroom 2V5 both den, central vocuum 579 9oo 
ACRES, ACRES, ACRES! 
From 57 ta (SOO acres 
WINDCREST 
2 Bedroom. 7 both sunroom ond hobby room *47.ooo 

GASI-BAKER 

R E A L T O R 
6 9 o -8 9 9 o 
UNUSUAL OFFERING 
Good investment ond good Foliage lot game end livestock 
Very Henbie terms en 8o92 ones IO miles north of Hondo at bose of Hill Country 

Top cosh paid tor your old new spapers ond corrugated >1$ Ce rolvQ APCO PA PER STOCK 
U ORIVE OUK CARS 
ANY CITV-SHARE GAS 
N A T , INC 
(713) 9*o 1o3o 

118 LOOSE NOTICES 
CLARA BELLE CATHER 
REALTOR 
3 44 o22S 
COMFORTABLE LIVING ond toyish entertaining Modernistic motif ’or utfimote pnvocy 
Folio hon,es de igned lot oil seasons. 
PonotmoK vie* ot no extra cost to you 

K E L L Y 
LO D G E 
No 
1131, 
AE A AM. 273* W S o u th e a s t 
Caned Comm. Monday. M arch 7 at 9 OO A M. for the purpose of 
Conducting graveside services 
(or our late Bro James G Hodvs 
Religious services at Alamo Pun erat Home. Interment w ill follow of Et. Sam H ouston N a tio n a l 
Cemetery ot t ’ :oo A M. Att Ma sons urged to attend L O Heorn, 
Sr , W M . E arl S Ginger. Sec 

JEFFERSON ARIA 
Well meratwned ?-*tery duple* near] 
Jefferson Hi Could oawry be convened into a 4 bedroom •ingle family home 
A ru t buy et 336.5o1 824 6828 
DEER RUN frtra Hue 3 bedroom home or, quiet cui do soc. control hoot ond on 
326,5oo 656 o56? 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 
(Jon t bother unloss you went lets of 
, com It s biqgtr teen if looks Already 
[t in everything for voisghle living Not 
I 

’ ho South Texas Aint Ex­ change, lackland Air Foret 
Bose fetas offers fat sale boo mobile feed catering vehicle* 
F i es pertly t bidden moy obtain bid foam, o hsftng et equip­ ment. end inspect some by con­ tacting Mr Joseph 8 Godwin, 
Bldg 5o66. Uckktnd AFB Texas, 
From LOO e m to 96o bpi , 7 
Mot 77 through 9 Mer 77 Seeled bids end be mewed rn tnpkoto at lackland AFB Bldg 
?1o1, 
Lockland AFB. Tiros 
78236, unhl 48o pm , IT Mar 77 Tho 
Exchange reserve* th* right to reject any and ad bids Terms 

AOVOTtStMfNT FOC BAO* troy*ct Number OI 51-o1323 
(omenssweet* Court Jim Hogg 
County 
OF Hi SUNDAY 
2.3o to 6.oo pjp. 
ENCHANTED FOREST 
726 SUSIE COURT 

IfAUlifUl SFI I NAU KID SHADE o IOT. Quiet cwt de sac af hie homo* 
Putty rarpeted end draped two story lock One bedroom down and two up (could be *h«t« I. UH crooning and Mr raws vt ovens Formal ond rn forma! Imeg with natural tech htepioci 2o recreation room Walk to od lo vets of barth lost school', Complot* shopping toe rimes within A Mocks 
IMMFDIATF (KCUFANCT AVAHABli' 27oo 5q ft (For County Bawds)* 
Ct DIKED 1o 557 5oo 124 o121 AbVTiMf 

Et Clark Spring* tone m em ber­ ship Brackotville. Tx $4)66 Con ta c t G oorgo A ie » a n u e r. J r. 
Ariccqrko. Okra 4oV >47 3/74 _ 
G OVERNMENT Owned Homos 
Ear Sale J, J gnd 4 bedroom No down nay me nt Anyone can buy 
Vet or Non Veteran Why rent wtien you con b u y’ RED CAR 
PET 443 * 3o4_______________ 

WINDC REST Home Owners who need to sell your nome, call our office to r appointment to see your property ond discuss your real estate nevus Our Sales Assoc intr resident of the arvo uvoilooi*- to give prompt, experienced service to buyers 624 45o7 

R E A L E S T A T E 
Separate sealed bds far FAKING 
ANO uRAMAGE IMFIOVIMINIS tor 
HEBNONVIUE. JIM HOGG tOUNIT. 
TEXAS will bt received by THI COM 
IV IS SIONE IS CO IHT KM HOGG COON nr TEXAS at th* office t i TM COUN­ 
TV JUDGE, OB H I MARTINE? until 
2.ooodock (FU, Tues S.T. March*1. 
1977 and then al sad ofbce publicly opened ond read boud 
The (nformattor for Bidders, term of BN. form af Contrate Flam, 
Specif*often*, ond Foam af ltd Bond, 
Fetter monte and Foyment lend, ond 
•Hie< contract documents may be examined et the tenoning 
1 
SA. 
GAITA 
ENG,wily 
MC 
Telephone - W 
-MBI. IC 51? 1o6 
South 17th Sheet Edinburg, Texas 
7IS39 
2 Judge H. T butine/. Telephone — 
327 MIS, AC SIT, Jim Hogg County 
Courthouse, hntixtnnll* 
Texas 
71361 Chock* MN! bo mad* payable to SA Gars Engineer*. Inc, and a maihng charge et five (5) de Her* thaU ba mdudod 
Copia* may be obtained af tho of hee ai sumo ai above teemed at tam* ai ob#** upon payment af 
33o OO for oath sot Any unsuccessful bulder Upon returning such rat pi, 

 im n s i mid mum 

L O S - "B rT fto n iT s p a 'm e T ^ e ^ 
White ana orange E Control roo 
Ans to Queen 446-1447 Reward 

I V . r ii, N o r t h * C u d OTOO Small lone* haired male dog Ton brown w ith b la c k on e o n ana ta ll I 
Named 
"C urley". 
REW ARD1 
423-1796 
I r a f t H T 7> In 
Rqrlx-lunsei 
Rd ared. C m * whit* ttm uie Aids bar Mumm Ute (Husk It) Cha.nen c o lla r 
A nsw ers to “ C h ili” ar 
“ Childe” . Celt 624-7437 

 f o s T : I o n u l t a i> o d Ira mete Cat 
Adult Female Kl Dor ode Area. 
Libero! Reword 424-64S7 r a < f mole Ki sh SeWe'r togged, 
6o lbs. 3 yrs old in to ond Hilda brand J m 712 7662 434 4321 
Los!; Mo 14 R eklnunese in the ' y ic in fty of 6166 P tn tb ro e k and 
Caliiownon Answ ers Ie M u ffin . 
ChtidsRef 344 162o 
| 
I OST 
4 mo A p ric o t tu la r id 
Atgnan male Reward 349-6279 att s t o s t ~ r pair lo :v'$ prescribed sun shapes Small brawn fram e 
REWARD 714-6431 Offer So rn 
LOST Si AM K SE CAT, e ld e rly. 

 iTu si small blo c ha n ti while Tar 
T ie r ty p e Nog, U vald e ta o s. 
‘PLK ASK 622-1923 
COSt small Radii d »oo7blonde w ith black ears l ' i yrs Vicinity 
Park Village 3 OOgm Eek 27 ON 
M ED IC ATIO N!* RKWARO $166 
6 1 7 -iH r r a iT vali-nr /a Area C bine bilio 
Persian tamale cat $ yrs #M Whity with Groan eyes Reword 624-74*2 
Pays. 4*$-4374 after 4__________ 
JFUase help us fin d our leis l l m onth ald tam ale D ob e rm a n 
Answ ars ta Sadie M igh t have sore an ansa B lack ana ru s t 
Family lavas bar 
$3oo reward 
4$4-7241 
__________________ 

RF. iv A WO Las! Small Oeg Mixed 
Chihuahua- M iniature Pinscher. 
Comate! II area Ans to Poncho 
Collar. Rouble Shot 4S4 o234 ___ 
Reward, tost lu r m a lt German 
Shepherd, tifh t face leaf. dork burly, cheke chpm t i l sell 
_ 

2X3 HOME OE D IS TIN C TIO N 
SPACIOUS ANO L IV A B IL E I 4 bedroom s, I • , abaths double 
2arag e 
S eparate liv in g ana ming. cautrvuiie kitchen large oaneled den witn fire p la re OM 
Tiogo in 
COLONIES 
NGET moMxnoaa 
282 NOIIStS CPB! i l 
R o s o u r 
& k f o n 
R i 

Marie Fortuna, Ray Keuthan, 
Betty Kirkpatrick and Jeanne 
Nowatny are new doing busi­ ness as lie SKOALiOTim 
AUDITORIUM 
A ir conditioned ta r w eddings. I receptions, dances, etc Holds up to 45o people 
G re a te r S A 
Builder Assoc 
N2$ N.W im IO 

 m m 
-----------------------— 
— 
T l i s '- t e i cleans cioao«ra drams and we wars best Worn bi na repair j tao One call does it all. prices before we sto rt Sevan days a woeN Cad anytime 34I-4H4 ar me white gages tar A x o -r- 
. _ 
Almost Free Transportation 
Ta CtavaMNld- New V e rt Denver. 
D C , Phtlidetahio Call 22* 22?i_ 
I 

 g f A f r O f t S r 
5 o YBARS O f TRUST] 
ALAMO H6TS SCHQUtS 

122 NEIN HAVEN 

374o Colony 

IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Mam* We pay att des mg costs I We olso take trades 
Con 
494 S i/1 
41$ 64/4 
$32 32 $ J 

OHR SU NOAK I TO 6 
(OtONUS NORTH 

32o7 COLONY DR. 
1 o>g* 4 beOioom hem* en lovely tree covered tot Hugo lover od poco On* of tho best buys tn th* noighho'haod lew 4o s 

UklMU MUS 

4o27 GLENROCK 
This 4 bedroom home euutd be catted ond ento-’nmer* delight but is aho un* of the must rom foilable floor plan* avoileM* ic day' In the 7o v 

SAM F IN O MUS 

13818 
BROOKHOUOW 
Mr* (loan n out et town today, so cam* by ond se* her beautiful 
4 bedroom hum* with a 2*1?I tome* roam loaded with exit** 
Facet m 5o s 

NORI HUN HULS 

13923 BRAYS I C K W 
Custom, custom, custom built 3 
2 7 
Umm living area 
Hurry because this en* wan t test long 
Fetted us 3o s 
349 S ill 
349 3515 

H o m a * 
S o u th w e s t 
2 1 9 

Swim in oar eg*, terg* country island blithen dmmg end ploy 
Oro*. rathodrai 
(Oiling* throughout I bedrooms, I large beths, behn cedared ten ore en shady famed .Omer lei Faced ** sell at 343 9oo 
13822 KINGSBURY 
Hill 
' 
NGK THUN HILLS 
“OH MU ST." 
Uke od rentage of the first snow 
•rig of th** artfully decorated end oiid**aped J bedroom ham* ? 
Irving and dmtng or ce* 
Split btdfw^, tnepHwe beautiful wind ow ra n 'rags raid mere for only 341 KIO 

Century 21 
A l L ARICK 3 OKiroon* t J train 
HOME B U IL T ON YOUR LOT 
$!4,f$(r to il Gurdma UH W Ave 
SEF CIA B U IL D E R S Inc J49 1*91 
$$$$$$$$»$$$$$$ 

4 Sedroom in Trailwood bon Antonio Real Estate gays co-.h tar yours rn 72 hours t pa/ all closing coot 349 4$3I 
»WWWWItt«» 
__ 

7*362 Fax Briar (Lot t i* ) 
New horn, an 2 acres of a beau tifuliy wooded tract, largo 26x12 fam ily room. boomed cathedral coiling wood burning t,replace 
21 1 baths dinlno ort largo kitchen. china c obi nut walk irs pantry, tut iy carpeted. $ skylights 2 system arr heat Open daily far inspection rn TRAiLWOOO. 1$ mi northwest 
Of Wonderland out IN IO 

TOI nm [SIAU MBB! bidder upon ie returning tach a set will bt refunded 515 DO 
T)w own*' reserve! th* nght to warn any inftrmoirtM* « lo uteri any or ad feds 
(rah Rader must dopant pith hrs bid, rat ratty hi tho amount, form end wbract I* Hi* condmoni provided in 

Ationtmn of bedder* is pattieutorty 

LESS THAW STO is att tho cash yod need Anyone can buy 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, same with arr end aft oopiiuntox 
H urry only a few tvH 
BOB OoPAOLO 
344 mot 
REACTOR 

N ted Ta iou Your Heme Nows 
Far EA6T SF H V IC E —Call 
344 $$44 Hart McCutmick Rooltgr 
Now offices rn the Heart at Alamo 
Mats ‘ 16 veers in sam*- o tto 
Goad listings end com m ission spilt Or OO bv MSI broadway and let * talk I 

THINKING ABOUT TRANSFERRING? 
“ Consider What W« Hay© To Offer” 
* in c a U a ry f to m m r s iio n s p lit. 

* N a t f o n u l A a t a r ' a f l y t f t m 
. a Ovwr 33oo OHito* 
* la d le end TV covaraga. 

* f r o m 
W itt S c h o o l * 
* Broker s Assistance. 

CoM Beth Toto for coes FIN on fief infgrvlow. 

 r n - m a h oner s 
Open Haase 2—$ Alamo Height* 
Booing is b e lie v in g ! An im maculate 4 bedroom 2 both. Ira mg room w ith fire p la c e , f a r t * separata dining. ( I X t i den, and m oxter ii kitchen, central hoot air 
O n ly $ $ i,eau 
•2 * 6464 
REALTORS 
62* 799$ 
SUE W EEMS A ASSOC. 

NOTtCl OF HIAM NG 

Th# (tty Council of rh* City of ion 
Laton* wtH conduct a hearing at th* 
Mu mope! Auddomrm. on Thursday, 
March IO, 1977 et I CIO F M for th* purpose of hooting d.scusxtors el (ho 
Froposo* Growth sketch tor lh* City 

Th* Ftonnme Comninner md City 
Staff atli mok* * presentation of th* 
Gtawfh sketch Ixmito# la an* half how 
Aroranonh ta toyer af Me 
Growth Sketch end m opposition ie th* Growth Sketch writ be berated to ane hour tor each od* 
LU i rn/o n . or* ranted to be pi eve rn 
6.B . Jackson Jr., 
C ity Cferk 

Dan Rose Ruttur 
BARRER BOARD will moot Sun dor F e * 27 at 2pm Lewis Barber 
Coclea* 4166 S E toros FIO366o 

5923 EKEMA! FAFM 
Odon 2—$ Valley For#* 
First otforin* en Nits deiiehtul 2 bod) aem. I bain with t large tty m e area, b ea u tifu l g ard e n kit chon la id * covered poi cb Goad loan ta assume 
624 o4o4 
REALTORS 
624-1S41 
SUE W EEMS A ASSOC 

H o w a rd T oto , R e a lto r* 

Seated bid g r o a a ta U w ill bo received bv the Beard at Trotted* af th * N orth East Indapondont 
Scbeel D istrict tar th * fdtiowma items at tho times shewn 
AIR CO ND ITIO N IN G EADS 
2 Od g rn . Tuesday M arch 6, 1977 
M IC M OE MO N E S 
2 66 p rn , 
Wednesday M arch 9, 1977 
L IB R A R Y RO O KS: 2 69 p m . 
Tuesday. M arch, ti, 1977 
• id terms m er be racked up prier 
Ie bid oaeninp m th* attic* at Hic 
Oner tor at E u rfh es ih f, N E I S 
O , 16161 Broadway San Antonio 
Texas_________ _______________ 
S e aled bid p ro p o s a l* w ill bo received by th* Sun A night* in dependent School District on lh* 

Rid to* 77 $4 
RO R T A R I ( 
C L A S S R O O M 
B U ILD IN G S Bi# O ptntna 
I IS p rn , March t i, 1977 
Bid terms may ba prckad up oner to rad opening rn tho attic* et th* 
Fur chosme Agent !}l$ Austin S t, 
.»»«. Agba*, ’ « » ** ___________________ 

RENTAL M A N A G E M E N T 
Have our professional start nan pie you rental property Call tor details today 
$34-6624 
N it** 494-1464 

O PEN 2-$ 
Beautifully restored 4$ veer aid b o m * liv in g ro o m , don plus solanum eyer 1666 so ti at living area 6247417, J44 *433 
__________N t R E A L T Y 
____ 

A T T E N T IO N ' G O V T O W N E D 
HOMES ara ail aver town. down p a y m e n t*, $16 and up 
C a ll g r e a t e r v a l u e r e a l t y , 
4H-4M1 
Attention* Retort you buy or SOU ring Bell We buy equates Cosh 
BELL REALTORS 221 949$ 
'a v a il a b l e $2$6.6M Quick cash tar bouses ar *«uiti*» Wa pay closing too1 Fest Sow ic#' Any area, ceadrtren or Mio 
Ase tor 

CASH for HOMES 
We Buy HOMBS and EQ U ITIE S 
Honest Efficient, and Fast s e r­ vice w * pay all Cleam * Casts 
CdM Tony ar Bernie*, 341 #134 
SPEC IE. R E ALTORS 

S CASKS 
FOR YOUR HOME OE E Q U ITY 
WE PAV ALL CLOSING COSTS 
914-4361 
HUGHE S B B R IS C O E ___ 
Cash ter your Nerthsrd* actu tty 
Larry BowjoBaylet *411. 464 19*9 

Century 21 

Open J—$ San Pedro Mills 
C oim by to sa* a beauty! A lovely 
4 bcd>o«rn home with too many custom extras to Irs! Plus almost 
! > a e r* tai on u aural dead ond st*vet 
ON Maimer Read under 
SOU 666 
124o4o4 
REALTORS 
674 44*7 
SUE W EEMS A ASSOC 

E l’l l BUY YOUK HOM! 
Far cash Fast Service Witt h a d * 
BOB OoPAOLO 
344| 6 
* t ___________KRAL TOE 
WIW WldWljiOiiii imwiiiHflW' I rxwiiiiiii 
I*—wafc. llMHiWlifc«miiii.W«Wra»i. ■ 
W HY PAY B E N T9 Own your own h em *, no dawn paym ent I* an venal Payments lass than rani 
Lloyd Montgomery________SSI lid * 

Looks into ooh stunned cent (void on on 7—$ Northwood 
This i t J duality tucked home 
Add YOUR in a rm and d e te r t* balks no to taro* ranch Cocotte m u torte, welt ceaslr acted rock iii e x c lu s iv e 
W O O DS 
O f nom* m earner let with oak trees 
S H A V A N O on O# Z a v a la Rd awd sprinkler system Over 2666 
Tus* first left and look tar rock se ft et dead family hying in this hum* at 444) SHAVANO WOODS cn « ,« location 
OPEN 
SATURDAY 
AND 
» /* o*6* 
REALTORS 
622-6124 
SUNDAY 
I 
BUE W ARMS B ASSOC 

ALLITATE REALTORS 
433 329$ or 426 4617 nit#* 

 tor intoi million loading to return; 
Rf a la c k D o b e rm a n P in s c h e r, nom ad ‘'B la t t e r , P u r r * old 
V a ry big Block with fan m ark 1 mg* OMI trimmed ears Wearing loather carter and ro B ta t I M . 
M i st ma sine* Sun Fob.19 ta OI m at Po»h Arad. Call 624*191 ar 
U H f e L 

CUSI OM BUILT HOMES 

596 771o 
HCN CoiH|8ilY 
OM HOME BU ILI 
CUSTOM 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

S2o2-HOUSES mn 

X 3 3 P G5K.I 
2o2 HDUStS OPEN 

OPEN SUNDAY 

CASTU PAM 
1o15 KIT IDEN 
2:oo to 5.oo p m. 
NEW LESTINGI Oro- of o tem) 
Saltillo tits in family room. 
Separata living and farmcil din ing room*. 3 bedrooms, bay win dows in master bedroom French windows in living room ond fomily room Son (Jette 159,5oo. 
Call 342 3211 ANYTIME 

WU COUNTZ V1UAGE 
313 Hill Country Lane 
2:oo to 4:oo fi.ro 
Enjoy 4 bedrooms, I baths, I fireplaces, o pool ond bathhouse on I 99 acres Owner will carry low interest financing. Flexible occupancy. Coll 494 7651 for details. 

CASTU HULS 
1o2 W I AA CU EF 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
NEW LISTING! Split level home ideal for large family 
4 bedrooms plus quarters. 
Spacious family room is ?8'x- 
14 3 with fireplace. Recently redecorated. Bright and cheerful kitchen. Separate living and din­ ing rooms. Oversired lot. Con­ venient to schools and moils. 
342-3211 ANYTIME 

SAN Pf DAO KIMS 
14331 K'OGFtOAO 
3:oo to 6:oo p.m. 
Well constructed 1oo% brith 
Completely carpeted, 
3 bedrooms, 
2 forge baths, separate formal and informal living and dining meas Woad burning fireplace 
Decorator touches throughout North East schools 494-7651 ANYTIME 

NORTH!AS! PARK 
«4I I USUI 
2 oo ta 5.oo p.m. 
GREAT BUY _ AO NOW' Shady, relaxed family neighborhood 
Spotless 
3 bedrooms. 
2 beautifully tiled baths, com fortobie family room. Bright, airy home features lovely par que! floors, qualify kitchen cabinetry, oversired utility room 494 7651 ANYTIME 

HARMONY HULS m 
TANGO 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. loran all bnd home with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2-tm garoge, big covered patio ond fenced yard A good buy ut 139,9oo. VA 
CANT so come on by! 342 3211 
ANYTIME 

BLOSSOM HULS 
136o7 Chenille 
2:3o to 5:3o B.m. 
Carefree living af ifs best in this better than new deluxe gorden home 3 delightful bedtooms, 2 decorator baths, single living area with beautiful fireplace, formal and informal (tining ereos 
Fantastic kitchen, wet bor 
Only $55,9oo 
494 7651 
ANYTIME 

WHISPERING OAKS 
2714 OAK BIUFf 
2:oo to 6:oo p jn. 
JUST 
LISTED, former 
Model 
Nome luxurotisiy appointed in­ terior, 4 bedrooms. T h troths, large (emily room, beautiful matter bedroom suite, lovely yard with many native oaks. 
*75,9oo Call 342 3211 ANYTIME 

CASTU HK* 5 
1o6 AMENSON 
3:oo to 5:1o p m. 
Spurious 4-bedroom home in prestigious location 
? living areas, 3 f«U baths, split bedroom and bath arrangement offers maximum privacy for glorious family living. Walking distance to Lee, Jackson Keller and 
Nimitz. Convenient to Malls, 
Loop 
16o, SOO. 
494 7651 
ANYTIME 

SUNSET MUS 
4611 WINLOCK 
2.-oo to 6:oo pm 
JUST LISTED! Excellent location to Medical Center 3 bedrooms, 2 full tile boths, one tar attached garage, central heat and on. 
Chain link fonce 128,5oo. Coil 
342 3211 ANYTIME 

NtDDIM FOREIT 
1131 lird i Hill 
3:oo ta 5:3o p-m 
Unusual saki level' Only IS months ala, 4 bedrooms (or J with kscge pome room), JVS decorator be’bs lovely deck 
■nth gorgeous wow off upstairs bedroom with dressing area 
Must be seen to opp cr late ex­ tras Only 165,6oo 494 7651 
ANYTIME 

(HARTH OAKS 
3o1o NANTUCkU 
I OO to 5.3o p rn 
You ll low the courtyard en trance, huge sunken living area with impressive (.ceptore, (wight and airy kitchen. 
3 large bedrooms md spaciousness throughout 
Extras include sprinkle! system, self cleaning oven, ond refnaeratoc with k» maker 
16o,9oo 
342 3711 
ANYTIME 

- 
5o TIS. Of TRUST 

 t IAI rots - SO VIARS Of IWS! 

O O IN 2 TO 6 
43o7 MUIRHEID 
IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HULS, beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath garden home with corner fireplace ond wet bor in family room. ? com­ munity pools ond club house 
$78,5oo 
Also: 
Another 3 2 gnrdrn home for 
$73,4oo 
4313 MUIRHEID 
IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS, an exceptionally beautiful 2 bedroom, 
2VS both contemporary, bright and beautiful home with study end wet bor Club, house, 2 community pools. $89,ooo 
1o4o7 MT. MARCY 
IN OAK GLEN, great 5 bedrooms, 
3 VS boths, family home with fan fostic storage. Large family room with fireplace, rear entry gorage 
$89,7oo 
2535 8ENRUS 
IN WOODLAWN HILLS, Great 4-2 2, with woll to wall carpet throughout. Separate living, dining ond family room. 143,9oo 
11oo3 WHISPERING 
WIND 
IN WHISPERING OAKS, Attractive 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, al! brick heme. 
Fam.ly room with fireplace, gas grill, terrazzo entry 163,9oo 
4o46 BURNING TREE 
IN 
LAUREL 
HILLS, eleqont 
3 bedroom, 2VS both home with dramatic entrance Screened ond covered patio Rear Entry gorage 
$54,8oo 
2819 WHISPER HIU 
IN WHISPERING OAKS, beautiful 5 bedrooms. 3VS boths on quiet cul- de-soc, 21x18 game room fomily room with fireplace, mony other extras. $87,ooo 
921o DUCHESS 
IN (RQWNHIU ESTATES, leo! the heat this summer A huge swim­ ming pool is waiting far you at this lovely 3 bedroom, ?Vj both home with sun room overlooking the pool 558,ooo 
115o7 WHISPER 
LEDGE 
IN WHISPERING OAKS. Beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 VS baths, luxury homo with fireplote in family room 
Extra large bedrooms, loads of storage $81,5oo 
61o CANDLEGLO 
NEW LISTING IN WINDCREST! Bright, cheerful, immaculate! A 3-2-2 featuring o pool room, fireplote ond attractive landscaping Much more. 165,ooo 
76o7 PIPERS CREEK 
VA rock, large sunken living room, woll to well corpet, wet bor, 7 large closets. Kitchen eating area, looks out to double back yard entry way and covered patio Open terms, two houses to compare $37,ooo 
64o2 HANDSOME 
LAKE 
Neighbor soys. 
WHEN NOT IN 
YOUR CUSTOM TILED DEN WITH 
FIREPLACE, COME NEXT DOOR ANO 
USE THE POOL Walk in closets, 2 living areas 
Corner lot, plus beautiful courtyard 
344-3o78 828-8241 
494-7711 656-3441 

PREFERRED 
PROPERTIES 
OPEN 2—5 
I OS HUNTER S 
BRANCH 
DRASTIC 
REDUCTION 
TWO FAMILY HOME 

S h a va n o 
Park 
N W 
U n i t a r y 1 
Hwy to Broken Sough left to | 
Hunters Sromit 
D o u b t* et 

 traction o f tins lovely brick form 

 l f hom e. 
3 7 ? living d m m g ' 

 m o m tn e p k x e . den b a i" in \ matched > loom brick home 

 enhanced b y w aNed p anes a n % 

• n a a f tre a t l a * Nut! 
* * * • » • * * • • * * * * * * • 
4o1o GLENROCK laurel Hills, N W Loop 41o ond 
Blurrtech, 
I Mark was* ie I 

(Le e m e! 
Lovely french with 

 every modem 
<onwom*m* 
Courtyard e n try lock 1-2 2 

 i D u a l n ra p fa c * dundee living an d din in g roam s Enm ity roan* w it* expansive usa cd piss VehiHo 
NM, boom ed refwtg SunJnnt 

 m orning te a m , flow ered 
B ds 
Neat 
MAA, 
UT SA 

 ai Com ates 
* • * * * • * » * • * • * » • • • 
58o2 CARY 
GRANT 
Oak trills Terne* Wurtbosh ta 
Mc'*in s ta to ry Ir a n * 
On o 

M e r e s t w ith panoram ic V N M 

V ery inviting tom bs** 
1 1 J , 

 d e n (26X 1 S j, FP , tugh beam ed i tiling Sr put el* riming room, electra thruou* 
Mingles lo 
UTSA Medical (o n q n «< 
M A A , 
Lockland, K itty D on I m m fa n * e v e * • * • • • • • • • • • • * 
826-2347 REALTORS) 

OBIN SUNDAY 2 IO S ll6 o7 VERADERO 
(Off Silver Sands) lovely 3 bedroom in Enchanted 
Forest Cathedral ceilings, cut de- soc, extras In the 4o s 
2223 LOTUS 
BLOSSOM 
(Off Starcresf) 

 story brick condom inium 
2 bedrooms, 2% boths, end extras 
Under 

Two with 

 fireptece 
14o.ooo 
2415 DANBURY 
(Off Broadway) iful brick 3 bedroom home, 
Becut near Alae Arthur 
School 
High large lot end many shade trees 
Priced to sell todoy* 
828-6391, ANYTIME 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
BUCIOR MIS 
M f loan Oft. 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2(12 HOUSES OPEN 

OREM J IO I m i m o o n * 
(Off SAWH*MOM) 
MAB t MONI AKU - lux unous J-fVk TOWNHOUSE with dramatic 2 story kvng room with frreploro Mas molter wit* down 
Plush carpal, (hones, wet bor, atrium, 3 cor garage 

2115 OAK CM U 
SAN Pf OKO HHH 
(OAK HOLLOW ESTATES - 
OFF 
BB OOM HOLLOW) 
Handsome and spacious 3 2 2, while brick 27x17 hying room ii enhanced by 
<otf>»dral i vinyl. weed-burning firepfare Mosier bedroom with 

 dressing lo o m S u n n y gout m et 

 k itchen w ith dbl aeon *12,95o 

JONES-KING 
826-2439 w n r y t t t 

 m a e o o c 
K 
LAST 
CHANCE 

Oaks Northwest 

Garden Homes 

3 Models 

3 Sizes 

3 LEFT! 

O ut Fredericksburg, o ff Donore. 

OPEN I -5 
SUNDAY 
Coll 699-92o1 

S A N D I S O N 
R E A L T Y 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 6 
SHAVANO PARK 
156o8 MILITARY HWY. 
Hug* Oaks • secluded home on 
2 acres with stables and quo* ten. 
VALLEY FORGE 
126o2 INDEPENDENCE DR. 
5 new homes remain. Priced from 132,65o to 138,65o 
Call anytim e to end I 
124-2391 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REAiTORS-MtS 
Austin Hwy. Oft. 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o6-TCWNMS 
W 
H r o 
T 

OPEN HOUSE 
NOON TO DUSK 
Come see our unbelievable prices of new homes. 

S633 CREEK WOOD 
In W o o cfs to n e 
Prices range (rom 529,9oo and up Three end four bedrooms, off 
Hocogdoches Rd. 
656-3ooo 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RU1ToR-MI5 
Panin Bert ta O ft 

OPEN 25 

WHISPERING OAKS 

3o35 WHISPER FERN 

(OFF WURZBACH RD.) 

2-5 PJA. 
Beautiful brick tri level, 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths, formal living room, formal dining room, lorg# family room with fireplace, (Iou hie pone windows 
Executive home 
Quality-built. 
Unique features. One-year old. $91,9oo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121 
341-9191 

656-552o 

OMEN 3-oo-5:oo 
8 3 3 1 OLEN COURT 
In CAMIIOT ll oft (HIN r A li­ n it* Uwdu qplnq. cornell** with trull fr om*. Wcenrt* rh* lawn at 
♦Iii* pretty, 3 bedroom, 3 both home I living room glut panwtod family room , ., built-in kitchen and a codor-cnvovwd patio I 
$33,9oo 
REALTORS *53-734’ 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO . 

Open I to 6 
WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
4 BEDROOM 2 hath, family room ond fireplace, 2ooo sq ft 
7667 Timbercreek 
675-285o 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

Rf AITOV-MU 
S. West OU. 

OMN JtOO-SiO© 
5 9 o 2 W IL D W IN D 
In WINOCRtST aH WtOOirilLD. 
Native Caids tan* inewrprwtwd in a 
Contg mag rary mawnar with on 
*lav«tgd, rwawnod (bdl 11*19' 
O ran. ygt planned argos Inctod# ll vin*, dining and family room 
. . . with v outran callings, a 
Bn Id stone Braplacd and rn full waB af storage! Moat ahw r tltg gloss, custom wbidow h s stmssh and a marvelous dr* cor! 
3 bedrooms (huge master suHel), 
2Vi bath* hwtsd lc kitchen! 
$9$,SOO. 
Rf ACTORS *33-7341 
G U Y C H IP M A N C p . 

Near Churchill High 
Walk to oil J schools from this spacious ) bedroom, 2 bath and game room home A great fam ily home e t* Northstor D rive No agents please 
O PEN SUNDAY 2 TO 5 
911 BRIARCLIFF 
Comfortable 3 bedframe with el bow room on .3 Acre in Castle 
Park. Close to Central Park Mall. 
341 9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu ry 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

OPEN S U N D A Y I TO 6 
144 RIDGE TRAIL 

(HOLLYWOOD PARK) 

Pleas* stop by—You'll be qfad you did 
349 3535 

DEANIE 

OWENS CO. 

RfAlTOft-MlS 

Blanc* Rd Oft. 

 you did Off 
M 94343 

OPEN SUNDAY AFTER NO ON 
Rustic 4 bedroom , 2’ t bath on over sued lot M any oak trees. stone. Take Thousand Oaks O r. off 281 North to 2139 Pioerstonc or call for Obpt. anytime 
TR EM PR O P ER TIE S 
494-7148 
O PEN 3-5 SUN 
919 FABULOUS 
Prestige home, 3-2-2. firep lace, pool. NE Schools north loop joe. 
RE ALTORS-MLS 
828 5636 
OPEN SUN. 2-J 
9o63 GARDEN RIOGE 

WOODSTONE 
Country ond carefree Hying con be yours lodoy, See H ir e ex citing new townhomes with gorgeous bill country view northwest area near ITTSX ond 
USA*. $38,7oo to 148,4oo Only 
5% down with on* yeor buy bock pion. For details, col! 69o 
1192 

Naylor Realty Inc. 

M A R YM O N T AR EA . Glamorous 
Townhouse 3-2'y , m aster suite down. 3 c ar g a ra g e . 824-2439, 
Jones-King Realtors. 

PRIVACY - LOCATION 
Hove you been looking for the total deal. This is one of the best in town. Two bedrooms. 2 baths with fireplace, reody to move in with drapes and re frig e ra to r. Enioy the tun of the swimming pool this summer Close to Loop 41o in the 
Morymont Area. Only $44,5oo for 
Tops in envrarnment and privacy 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Blanco Rd. Ole 

RARE GEM 
3 bedroom townhouse, all on I le v e l tor 134,4oo. This double liv­ ing area townhouse is spotless 3 m inutes fro m M ed ical C enter. 
Wrought iron fenced patio. This won't last! NW area. 
LANDMARK, REALTORS 
49o-95o2 

SENECA ESTATES 

3 bedroom, 2' ? bath, luxury 2 story Townhouse. 2 cor fin ­ ished g a ra g e 
$4o,SOO. 
484 o711, 484 8311, 344 4197 

Lovely 4 bedroom brick home, 2 I in Town living areas On a beautiful acre I 
Enioy country privacy without isolation. 

STRIKING STUCCO 
7 story with impressive fireplaced living room. B right, sunny kit chen 2o ft. master with dressing area. Low 4o’s. 
SANDISON R E A LT Y 
499 92o1 

 w o <56b r i d g l t o w n h o m e s 
Location. 
Amenities 
31o2 Eisenhouer 

Super 

 north lonp inc. 
2o8 - APARTNKNTS-DOPIFXES 

(PFN HOUSE 
218 LA FOSHA 
Sunday 2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
Com* ond se* this 3 2 2 with bonus loom, pnvocy fence ond redwood covered patio 655 6848, mtes 824 9818 
D A Y OR N IG H T 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 m o r t a l 
| * 5 o u t h w r % t 

 r e a l t y 

ONN MOWS 3 5 
WUTMfR PERMITTING 
713! FOREST PINI 
3-2, split bedroom, forest Oaks- leon Volley 
64o7 RED JACKET 
3-2 Seneca Estates Beautiful 1oo% brick home 
1712 COTILLION 
Caille HHH Teiroc* 
Priced nghl 
$67,ooo Excellent condition. 344 
8348 
GRACE ARNOLD 

2i2O-4:So 
4 1 5 SH AR O N 
In O la w o o © off o * 1 * T I/SKIP 
MB. $ b i ifc-eewi, J kw living ( 

 n e beautiful, fenced b w kyeN I 
$37,9oo 
RfAlTOffS 494 7771 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO . 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 5 
21o W. LYNWOOD 

Monte Vista Histoncol Areo, stat*, ly two story, off Son Pedro 4 bedrooms, with pool Owner on*- ious 

3 4 1 -9 1 6 6 

HOWARD TATE, REALTOR 
E m n E H E B 

REALTORS MLS 
828 $436 
O PEN 
75 
W EA THER 
P E R M IT T IN G 
3o15 CHARTER ROCK 
In Exclusive Charier Oak, G or­ geous J bedroom, luxury home. w ith a hobby room or o ffic e . 
OPEN LIVING AREA, fireplace, d elig h tfu l kitchen w ith double oven, custom drapes, A L L IN 
LIKE NEW CONDITION 341-77o1 
OLIVE BIZZELL 
JOHN FLOURNO Y INC 

335 TEAKWOOD, Remodeled 2-1, den, 129,9oo, 822 3o41 
_______ 
W IN DW O O D E S TA T E S . Choice location tx* acre*.249-28i9 
249 8491 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT OF TOUN 

AAA INVESTMENT 
19 unit money-maker, sep meters, oft 15oo blk Broadway 874-2o5o 

44 and 78 UNITS 
High return • Low equity 
Good areo • others available 
SANTEX 
CO., 
REALTORS 
653-o46o 

KERRVILLE COUNTRY 
HOPE 
Within 2 miles of city limits, ter 
(Ville Independent School On th rf 
All electra, 7 story. < bedroom 2 full boths, 2 holt baths large 
E erocm could be used for 5th com French Colonial orth! lecture Heated swimming pool with 8 noes and hors* bran 
Beautiful view of volley ond bitts, 
Many more amenities 
NAYLOR REALTY INC 
P O. Bai 51 
Ingram, Te*o$*78o2S 
PHOM: (SIX) 3*7-531 B lucid* Regan (SIX) 3*7-233o 
Dmmm Imhh 
($12) 3*7-5192 
*---- A kAl-l_to ----- 
(WPMWP 

APARTMENTS 
94 Units 
Northwest. 
Excellent 
Investment. 

25 units-N orth cast. Furnished 
Flexible 
Financing 
341 72o1 
REALTORS 
JOI FLOURNOY INC 
Bv Owner, Colonial brick Town house duplex. N ear M e e tn e s s . 
A ttra c tiv e w ell kept p ro p e rty 
555.VOO 534-3o75 
D U P LE X 18?it N. Pine 
VA Approval, 514,o3o. 824-7o5o 

OWEN 2 :3 o - 5 :o o 
5 1 o PR IN Z 
Ie USUI ewe eft tO«iau-UUS* I,.- retie Newt ae* kMHilvi 

I twee reset 
7, IV* beth* ■ 
*•<•* Owe ie (dwelt m i ***»'» I 

$*1,5oo 
4*4-7771 
REALTORS 
CUT C H IP M A N CO. 

WH A WIL IYE 
6* ta taw, 1 **3 , 

* y e# Ut ilgne ta e* ' t a x * , , 
. . . fellow 
Wx* 1-itary, ie. eel en 
« •-« .* - w eed mw v, ta * r e m i 
MINI 4 I t a i t i e die on try huge, 
• b n * 

STONEWALL, TEXAS 

(tot* ta LBJ Pork on Hwy 29o Ap pros 2 4 Acres 12-unrt motel ond restaurant Cold storage vault, hook-ups for 15 mobil* homes 
Mony other tiro s Open Terms, consider trade Illness forces safe 
$125,ooo (att Frank Rotondi MI- 
9191, Kites 344 1932. 

NAYLOR REALTY INC. 

GFI Ttif LEAB OUT lf your money Isn't working for von, ifs costing you This Aptox win hove your money working for you 24 h o u rs o dov 
9$% o c­ cupancy. Con today tor details. 
*•4-72oo 
C E N TU R Y 2t Schneider P catty 
HISTORICAL AREA 
Super duplex with guest house. Hi ceilings, hardw ood floors, fire p la c e s , c e n tr a l e v e ry th in g , equipped kitchens, central eve r­ ything Please call us for details 
874 3233, 
MAZIE SALE H ILL, REALTORS jE * r E f e T d ~ A * g A . 44- units. 
$675 mc 
Incom e 
A lw ays fu ll. 
Good cond. $41,5oo Owner carry. 
342-975* 

 m -O W N ID HOW:* \ e m o n S u m e r 
3 Bedrooms, new on market. HF schools taimocufote. Fixed to sell $23,5oo. Kites 826-7768 
STREET OF DREAMS lovely 3-2-1 on cuiet street in 
Sungote 
Beautiful new wall 
(Wiper ond carpet fully equipped kitchen, fenced yard. 
Mony owner added extras 
Ask us about this one! $27,2oo Kites, 
494 2191 
YOUNGER THAN 
SPRINGTIME 
AHD JUST AS FRESH 3 2-2, with bonus room for nome room or formal dining. Fireptece and redwood covered patio $41,ooo 
Kites 824 9818 
UVE ECONOMICALLY 
BARGAIH 2 bedroom, I both, carport, carpeted thruout Hew double oven Hew roof, Alomo 
Hats. schools. $18,9oo 
Kites, 
8}7 9438 
ROMANTIC 
Ever popular Dakota Plan, 3-2-2, overtired family room with fireptece. Good equity. Quick possession. 138,5oo Hites 826 
7668 

HOLD EVERYTHING!! 
C A M IIO T ll 
UNDER $45oo equity moves you into this SUPER (LEAN 3 2 
2 with SPACE GALORE feel like o KING in this huge master bedroom suite, custom drapes ond corner lot. VACANT Niles 
658 1428 
MEADOWOOD NORTH 
Reduced for quick sell Almost new, immaculate, rotary air con­ ditioner, privacy fence, nice landscaping Oak tree ond other extras makes this 3 2-2 o good buy 
Immediate occupancy. 
Seller anxious, will consider se­ cond tem $38,75o Hues 656 
8718 
UVE OAK SPEGAL 
Assume 7% loan on this cut* 3- 
1-1, central heot-air, 
Roper deluxe range, dishwasher and garbage disposal Don't pass this one up * $19,7oo. Kites 494- 
2191 
NICE AND NEAT 
See this 3-2-2 Valley forge home Low equity, KE Schools • nicely arranged, quick possession. $31,5oo Niles 822- 
9438 

SPARKUNG JEWEL 
K U S H I K U S H I K USHI 
3-2-2, fully carpeted, garden kitchen, covered patio, BEAMED ceilings, SUNKEN conversation area, hraploce, intercom. Pro fessionatty landscaped 
Dont miss the BOAT! immediate oc­ cupancy 
$41,9oo. Kites 658- 
1428 
WON T LAST LONG 
Gigantic bock yard' Plus trees and th* gracious 3-2-2 home comes with it*! Much TIC. Deluxe carpeting, extras galore Assume 
6% VA loon. Quirk occupancy. 
$79,5oo Kites 658 1478 

CORNER LOT 
School bus stops in front of this immaculate 4 2 2 with fenced yard ond fireplace in popular 
Valley Forge 
$38,53o kiris 
824 9818 
GREAT NEGMRORS 
Go with this 3-2 2, executive model home Owner tronsfeiied 
Immediate possession $38,6oo. 
Kites 874 9818 
D A Y OR N IG H T 
6 5 5 -6 A 4 8 m o r t e m 
[ s o u t h w c M 

 fit • MES-K88TXFAST 

• OLMOS PARK * 

ADDRESSES OF DK Ti WION 

ENGLISH TUDOR 
Estate grounds, Ancient trees. 
Now — A ctessirally beautiful 7 story Tudor on a fabulous treed ocre. S-3VV-2, gorieroom. 3 fire- toces 
Central heat, air, 
AH 
Schools. 

T M 
W 
TOUCH* 
Custom built one story in prime location 3 bedrooms, 3V* baths, den (25X2o) FP, living and dining rooms. Central heat ond air Heat ed pool Exquisite Trees. 

* BUDGET MINdVd 
Trees shad* this neat rack, 4 bedroom, 3 baths, living ond din­ ing rooms 27 H rear building far workshop, quarters, utility AH 
Schools. 
•26-2347 
RFAIToRS 

SELECT YOUR ARFA AND PRICE RANGE 

• H tr* o r * S e l f * N s rtlw o s l P ro p » r1 i*l "• 

B L E D S O E S ITES 1 
4 bedroom, 2 both home. 
Nice lot and more storage area than you can use. 
O nly $ 22,ooo. Niles 6 56- 
7 58 o . 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF 
HOMES 
LA56-552o 69T-1121 341-9191. 

A va ila b le to Show you- 

B R O O K W O O D 
- 
Pr­ estigious 3 bedroom. 2 bath home with formal living and d-ninq rooms, lovely den with fireplace. Large cover­ ed patio. 

W O O D LA K E - 6 7 1 5 Sh­ o d / 
L a k e 
De. 
An ex­ ceptionally beautiful 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath home loaded with extras. 
Fully carpeted, covered patio, privacy fence and pro­ fessionally landscaped 
Open terms. 

CAM ELOT ll 
- 
Buy this better than new 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home for less than 
VA appraised value. 2 liv­ ing areas plus breakfast area. Lots of carpet. Open terms 

C A M IIO T H 
° king With a large t bedrooms, 
* 
$33 ,67 5 , 

CAM ELOT ll • Charming 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fom ily, kitchen and all ap­ pliances. Open Terms. 

T H I O IE N - Delightful ^ bedroom, 
2 '/l townhome. Priced to 
$ 26 ,oo o . 

 b a s t 
TERREU 
HULS 
• 
Comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace. 
Priced in the low 2o $- 

K IR B Y 
- 
2 5 1 3 
S cots­ m a n , The one you been waiting^ bedrooms, 

 have for! 
3 
Vt bath. separate living ond dining 
, rooms. $23 vino ( 
,5oo. 

F O R D E T A IL S A N D V I E W I N G 
C A L L 6 5 3 -o 5 7 o A N Y T I M E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

Attractive Brick Home imm ediate occupancy Valencia 
1 -M , terms open 7' 
VA. 
651-4414 
(tutti Stacey 
874-738$! 
Seitz 8 Assoc, Realtors 
BARGAIN H U N T IN G ’ $37$ Ti oil it toke$ to get info this 3 bedroom borne with a ir, appliances and carpet. Don't pass it up: 696-o974 
FORTUNA 
ASSOCIATES, 
494 1417 
Bargain Hunters Special 
No down payment to anyone 3 * bedrooms, J baths, some with air and ail appliances. First payment in May. 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3o91 
REALTOR 

$1 M O V E IN V A 
CONVFNTIONAC $% DOWN 
No Poy "rant Til April '77 
We flay* several 3 htdrioni pion*. 
$ 2 8 ,o o o - 5 3 4 ,9 5 o 
AU MOMS FUTURE: i/'' 1oo% Brick Construction 
\S 
Handcrafted • Woad- burning Fireplace v ' Enerqy 
✓ Sowing Pockag* \S On- 
E lf u* Central bent air i/* elux* Magic Chef all Electric 
Kitchen ie' 2 Cor Gorage 
5 FUE NISHIO MODUS 
OREN 9 - 9 
W O O D S TO N E 
* 
C A U 
JOHN GILHAM 
656-5474 
^ 

B A R G A IN 
Large 3-2-2, Equity, assume $258 a mo 
453-4555 
333-2123 
BEAT THIS "IN W OSO LAKE! 
Lovely, clean l- V i- i 
$218 payments 
$3,5oo equity 
Heat a ir, carpeting, fenced. All appliances, drapes remain. 
Hurry, 
828 4 54$ 
Priokos Rlty 
654 o975 

By owner. Live Oak, 4-2-2, living, dining and family rooms. Covered polio, p riv a c y fen ce. Assum e 
$227. mo. or refinance. 538,5oo. 
453-5827. 
____ 
By owner, Live Oak, 3-1-1, carpel, fenced, low equity, tow payments. 
455-9619.________________________ 
BY O W N ER , Live Oak V illag e , 
3-2-2, c o v ered p a tio , p riv a c y fence, cent. heot-o*r, 653-5987 

ISE 
\ 
OREN HOUSE 
SU N D AY 2 :3 o 5 :3 o 

1 4 8 H A R R IE T 
3 bedroom, 2 both, double carport. 
219 ENCHANTED 
3 bedroom, 2 bath. double cor gorocje, $ 4o ,85 o 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
\ 
349-6 21i 

 epee 1,—tep e re * (tat* 

•tataetata Itta* ta* *•*,«• weir*, with 
J 
I W x i m t a i beth 

TTV.vso. e le c te e s « 3 4 - * * » i 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO. 

LAftGf CORNER DUPLEX includes Borage apt. Total rent 
$45o. Separate meters. Vet y good shape. Woodlawn area. 
CRACE: LA IB D 736-4235 734-ooo7 rn 5 u .D A T .NC 
Owner selling duple*, completely remodeled, seldom vacant, excel­ lent location Better hurry, 
349 1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc , Realtors 
M A G N IF IC E N T 2 J '-"Tip""Tri 
Heritage Farm s. Only *325 down, 
S272 mo 
J A J R E A L T Y 474-8813 Anytime 
TTT-m o n t a n I --------------- 
Duplex * Heme, Large Income 
533 1oo9 Retpondek Rlty 654 5467 
Need An E xceMent Investm ent’ 

RRST OEHRING 
Profaned vhooh -f community pool 
Medical Center acta ■ a cinch ta pie os* far this 3 bedroom home in the uoeer JO s 
Kingsize • 79* P*** Must sea 
19B2 sq. ft. ic appreciate ap ironed in Glen Oaks of $39,9oo 
699-1 
Bum 
CO. - BGU TGI 
Turtle Creak Oft. 

IMC 
OWEM 
J I 

O P E N H O U S E 

Exciting new townhomes in wooded 
Northwest area w ill be shown 

I - 5:3o PJA. SUNDAY 

4943 WOODSTONE DR. 

P r ic e r a n g e 
$ 3 8 ,7 o o t o 

$ 4 8 ,4 o o 

Coll 69o-1192 far deled! 

2 story 4 unit a pt. B ach has living ro o m , b e d ro o m , both 
F a u ip p e d , kitchen 
536 SOO 
824-2439, 
R E A L T O R S 
JDHf£*KIK6 o a k d t t - N P A Ir k - (Jew l i s t i lag ! D uplex, A ll b ric k . B utll iris. 
C e n tra l h e a t a n d a ir . C a rp e te d i on d d r a p e d 
F e n c e d 
W a lk *» btosk lo M o ll a n d b u s . $48.4o* 
C all 342 3211 A N Y T IM !: 

— 
L I M 
B supra, sira IM W 
C O R N E R L O T S , vend n c g n b e r- ; haods, fenced, w asher and d ry # - ' re n n e c tie n s , s e p a r a te m e te rs , c e n tra l h e a l on d a ir , la r g e he droom s w ith built ms SSS,9*8. j 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S , $41o t i * 
♦-pie*, owner c a rry , 547,oo8 
D E N V IR H O T S . E x c e lle n t re n t property tu rn $9,718 
C A N Y O N L A K E . 18 u n it m o te l plus lounge w ith 4’ T V s c re e n . 
C e rite shop. g o m e ro o m , o ffic e spec*, geed incom e, ow ner Corry 
$15,o88 down 
M IN N O W S G A L O R E . M a r b le 
Fails, established 14 y r. old bust­ ness, ow ner re tirin g exe elie t in com e, in ven to ry and nice horn*. 
V u Sunn I Assoc 
484 7171 
344 1889 
534 5451 
T W fi W IE K tW o O N T Y ------- by ow ner, In g le s , $*oo em 
SUS 
* 1o4o2 BURO OUK * 
^ L Z Z T . f t , ZUL 

ONN SUNDAY 7 TO $ 
4423 BAYLISS 
(IN PARK NORTH) lovely 
3 2 ? tram* eft F*mn 
Beltie, 
2 living atees, with liter1 loro Se* it today 
656-3ooo 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

K A H O E - M U 

Perrm Bertie Oft. 

7o A C R ES of land en G uad alupe 
River erase lo Son Antonio Boy 11 m iles to the R iv er lio n t. (P le n ty of d e e r a n d w ild h o g .! ($ 8 A c re s held rice or m a ize ) 
C abin, m m - crnls 
$12oo 
Coll o fter is m , 
1 S it 4274, j 

78 A c res of la n d on G u a d a lu p e I 
R iv er close to San Antonio B a y ’ > I m ile to the R iver front, (p le n ty of deer and w ild hug) 156 a cre s held j 
Rice or M a n e ) Cobm , m in e ra ls 
$17o8 CBU a tli 1 Spin I $8( 4774. b B F rn IfT t V h«TK TTuiT iH Z T loge a ro u n d ' P re tty fire p la c e , 2 I 
I b e d r o o m s , s u n s h in y k it c h e n - p e a rt:, p e ca n , p e a r a n d p lu m tre e s ' B reezew ay to garoge 
$74,5o*. 
R E A L T O R S 
344 oo27 

O P E N 2 - 5 
• 315 BARBARA • 
I blk south of O blate 
Lost el M cCullough 
3 bedroom , I bath hom e. F re sh , c le a n , a n d c a r p e te d 
E le c tra steve, I window units, lee cod y ard with trees I car gorage $21-5*71 
S tro u rte r N elson R e a lty 
O P E N 2— S 

34) j T m A P I / T O N 

IM SUMMIT unmet..riot* 3 2 1. I living area, country size kuchen lioploce ie living room end 
■raster irate $44,7oo 
4 2 1 9 PU MYHILL 
Sh I HAHDOAri-~oH Stockbndg# * 
7 2. • or moi luring drawn, hug* fireplace family loam 
(anteed patio VA 9oo 
6 1 1 4 KNUST VIIW f OKI ST 
OMS - 3 bed*norm 
7 bunn seporatt living ond den. 
HUMPHS 
BOOM' 
Seduced ta 
$38 WO 
69o-96o2 

M 
B 
, 

H E A T 

A 
M 
E R 
I C 
A 
METAL COK* 

93o MONTI lf* u||U4|^Hraw 
V* m u W I* OO** ta weH.ewtatataed. to 
Her tale 
Hmm pita ta em* 
, , . tome* 
9 
^ 3 : 
J^6Bd4p9kABB9*) 
MBBSP 3 btatw ab' 
- 

M p N T P i U f R 
P A IS eta 
M M M . 
A 
Mta wfta rn 
Itape 

•sea* ta 
M E 9 I 8 

 aunty b a ra la ti raae khatata Beta 1o*141 
*1 A l I O O I 
4 o 4 7771 fltL k u r g w .s g . 
J 

BY OW N L R nJrjr Boerne L a rg e or r f o a r $1o,888 494 7327 

C Tg V f T 6 M E O i C A r C E N T f e ft 
D u p le x w ith 3 b e d ro o m s . T i baths, liv in g a re a w ith gas fir e ­ place each sid e 1 E x c e lle n t con- anion G re a t a re a ' 
$44,ooo. 
REALTORS 
494-4811 s Guy Chipman Co 

'• 
O E v T N k . t W V s r r o ilo c k b r 
_ lot ne corner let, I blk golf course. 
, total ele c tric 3 bedroom . 2 b a in , s cu tciu red s h o t c a rp e tin g dish 

 w a le r sarin e r, s io ro g * shed, no ooent* 
A poointm enl only 
I 44) 5387 
F t f i6 V e b U N T f f7 T i v l N 6 on } 
Acres in Boerne 38 m inutes from d o w n to w n Son A n to n io 
4 Be g lo o m s 
I boras. 2 liv in g a rea s, ro c k fir e p la c e 
D e lig h t f u lly decorated kitchen a nd b re a k fa s t a r e a fe n c e d w ith la c k r e a m , h o n * srans School bus at c o m er 
S a v e on fo x e s ! O n ly $79,SOO 
494-7451 A N Y T IM E 

 i M 
P 
. H 
I 

: I hfT O I T B I T t n rr 
T S o dream hom e, about 1 a cre . lots of auks 

IN THE BEAUTIFUL 
GLEN 
I'g gmden kitchen, one hying areo. 3 bedrooms. 7 boths, custom diodes, clerfric-aya gorage door opener (oil us far moi* details 
Kites 616 *337 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121 
341-9191 
^ 
^ 
^ 
6 5 6 - 5 5 2 ^ ^ ^ 

ALM O WTS SCHOOLS 
N ew I istm o In C row nhlll P ork 
I block fro m e le m e n ta ry is this c h a r m ln o e ye a p p e a lin g 3 2 2- s e *o ro to liv in g , d in in g , fa m ily , b re ak fa st u rea $38,58o 
828 4545 
P riokos P ity 
454-8975 

 i r w g T T n t w i n u * bow~ 
To A nyone' O nly $287 m o n fh ly l 
Ail appliances, single living a rco , p riv a te m str bedroom and m ore in C am elot, call to see' 
344-55*4 M ort M c C o rm ick 344 J993 
A N XIO U S OW NER boid sell this 3 2 2 brack hom e w ith ir a t e opt rn an oxceilenl neigh irhood v ary clos* ta N orth Star 

BEAUTIFULLY CLEAN 
2 story, lust N o rth of F t. Sam . 21o8 sa. ft living a re a w ith fire p la c e. central a ir and heal. 3 bedroom s, 
I ' z baths, fo rm a l dining and d e ­ ta c h e d g a ro g e w ith e ffic ie n c y I a p a rtm e n t. $35,ooo, bv u p p o in t 1 m en! only 
, 
San Antonio Roai Estate 
3231 ' M Ave 
349 6531_____ 
B f A U T .T U L 4 J I, St E . V IO O * district O nly $24$ m onth 475 1491 
623 577o. 474 1777 
P O IN T E R K E A L E S T A T E 
T S fc O R O O M S AT S i . SOO 
Con assum e low V A loon 
73* 17*o 
878 o66$ 
437 o6o4 
I 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
” T J i'H » M S r b t o c ’5 f c i S « -------- 
No down anyone! L u x u ry 3-2-2 wood b u rn in g fire p la c e rn huge fa m ily room . s ep arate dining room , u tility room , carp e t p riv a c y fenced, $35o m onthly 
344 5564 H a rt M c C o rm ick 344 299) 

B IG >46fvlF 
S m e ll b race i be* r)i noms, 2 boths, cornet, builtm s. 
1 54,85o equity $2o9 m o Coll now 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

BUS STOP 
E A 5 T 
T E R R E L L 
H IL L S 
L O C A T IO N 
I N ew ly pointed 1 bedroom , 2 hath j hom e H ardw ood doors, new root 
Q u a lifie d b u y e r m o v h a v e Im mer! ate oecuooecv on open te rm s : t and or ra ta to sell a t $74,5oo Act now* 
349-4343 or 349-3535 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co r e a l t o r s Blanco R d Ota 

BiYERS BEWARE! 
It you w ont a hom e tor $22 4oo. you w ill love this doilhous* 3 be d io e m s , c e n te r cl h e e l a n d a ir , p n v o c y fenced y a rd , a nd on cut de-SOC. 342 4*77, lutes, 454-6157 b il l s o o t h l r n r e a l t o r 
B Y A W N E R A C F N r 
RedraroroT ed 2 -i-d e n . 335 T e a k w o o d , new root. Centon) pit $29 ■ 9oo o22 3o41 fcy ow ner, S i t , o !r, n e ar school. fenced 653 *3 9*. 49* 7344_________ 

 b y o w n e r , 4-S-S, o u o r o x I bi. o sq.ft., fire p la c e, COV polio, m any e xlro s 
VA 
7% loan. 
$47 SOO 
*53 575* 

By ow ner, L ive O ak , 3-2-2. e x tra la rg e ro o m s , stone fire p la c e in livin g ro o m , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s, dra p es , c o rn et, w o rks h o o , b e a u ­ tifu l v ie w of R A F B 7 m i a w a y , v ery good condition. 548oo equity. 
S 33o m o .4 $6-611o__________________ 
By ow ner. L ive O ak Estates. 745o 
H id d e n O ok T r a il. Im m e d ia te possession B e tte r than new . 3-2-2. liv in a . den, n ew d u a lity c a r p e t throughout, c e n tra l cur and heat, a il a p p lia n c e s , p a tio , p r iv a c y le n s e 
$537o no q u a lif y in g a s ­ sum ption, b a la n c e $29,13o. $297 mo 656-8123. 
3-1-1. By O w n e r, m a n y e x tra s . open term s, 653 88o3. 
B v O w n e i, 3-1' j- l, n e ar Randolph 
A F B F u lly c arpeted, a ir, fence, trees $25,ooo *5*4)148. 

ALUKO MOTS. SCHOOLS 

TEMBX H M W M S T OHHttNG 
— Stately and spacious 2-stary brick for distinguished 
Hiring. 
Enhanced by nigh ceilings, handsome mmwock. 4 bedrooms, 
.1 berths, qtrv, 3-cor awoge living 
FOTMTT 
HflfEl ilfflpi(Kf, 
TfifiYYQl separate dining, landscaped yard. 

TEMBX N U S - 
Sophisticated living in this 
3-2 in chok* tecoiion. Living room with FT, separate dining. 
Family room opens to garden cm. and brick terrace. 2ox2o master suite. 

TEMBX N U J — Old World charm in this stone ham* com­ pletely renovated 2 years ago for luxury living. 4-4'/i plus qtrs. 
Mosier suit* up with dual dress­ ing rmv. 

CONTEMPORARY M A S T B tflK I 

— Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE tnjoy complot* privacy on on aero sotting. 4-3 VV Master suite opens to sundtck. Courtyard with hid. pool. 

JONIS-KING 
* 2 5 3 ? 
826-2439 
I 

$2o CLOSING COST 
; - 
M o v e in 3 B e d ro o m s , 1' ib a t h * . 
S157 pius ta x e s a n d in s u ra n c e . 
874-4521, 674-o744__________________ 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H S U M M IT 
J story colonial(24oo s q .ft.), den, la rq e g o m e ro o m , SSI,OOO. 1o5o7 
P inedale. 696-7163. 

C O R N E R 
H O M E w ith 
3 b e ­ droom s. 7 b ath s...c arp e te d Hying. dining room s' Single g a ra g e plus double c a rp o rt! B eau tifu l! 
$24,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7775 
Guy Chipman Co 

C O R O N A D O 
V IL L A G E 
B v o w n e r, 4-2-2, 22oo sa ti. 2 s to ry hom e, fire p la c e , e a t in k itc h e n , m ony e xtra s . $55,3oo. *5o-4454. 

By O w nei N E 3-2. L o ngm ont, den w ith firep lace. L a rg e gam e roam w ith pool ta b le 
N e w c o m e lin g 
W alk ta school C onv*nronl to Ft 
S am on d R a n d o lp h 
A v a ila b le 
June I $39,4oo nattily and assum e 
655 8857 

B Y O W N E R , n ic e r e t i r e m e n t h o m e , to o tt. tot, fe n c e d , la r g e trees double g a rag e , 
$22,5oo 
434-7*27.___________________________ 
B y o w n e r, no a g e n ts , 3-2-2 in 
C a m elo t, w a lk to 3 schools and 
W indsor P o rk M a ll, c o rn er tot, 2 c o v e re d p o tto s , a b o v e g ro u n d pool, larg e fenced gorden. w ater softener, m any other e x tra s M ust see to D ep rec iate' Shown by opp'! only. Coit 6S5-27oS________________ 

BY OWNERS 

$16,ooo 
J-l-CP. on Spokane, new paint ond root, e x tra phone and electrat outlets, loran fenced garden, fruit trees, attic ton ond m ore. Coll 
IR E N E 441-3781. 441-4184. C EN 
TURY R E ALTY____________ 
CUSTOM O ESIGN EO 4-2-2, tomi 
Iv room, fireplace. NE Schools. 
$43,38o Take a took today 
INTE R STA TE »2»-o7SS til 8 pm 
* 

CUSTOM FEATURES 
In Bristol Place. 3 bdrm . I to barit. bv owner, new. fireplace, parquet floors, cedar sunback, c a rp e t* 
Coll 222 oo75, 824-76o3 tor app t. 

FR E E R eferrals to other homes 
"Fcr Sole Bv Owner' 347 9393 
San Antonio Homeowner* Assoc 
By O w n er- 7 sto ry 3 -2'z-2, in - 
Camelot ll. Livine room with tir e -1 piece oen with wet bar. Ad a le c -s 
Inc kitchen with breakfast area 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s . L a rg e up stairs m aster suite C orner lo t 1 with privacy fence. Assumption i with equity o refinance. 6$« o774 

D E SP ER A TE OW NER 
M U S T 
S E L L ! 
S p ecio u s 
3 ’ bedroom home In Universal City a re a . B e au tifu l c irc u la r b r ic k '' fireplace in den, window seals 
Immediate occupancy 
Niles 
456-29)9. 

BY OWNER 

BV O W N ER 
A tru ly umave custom home in a cou ntry setting 
3 2-7 plus study and workshop D o ll n o t ooh trees 
5on Pedro $ m iles north of 
4)8.154,5oo 494 2578 

3 2-2 Unique con tem po rary de­ sign with large single living areo 
Ail brick fireplace 
All exit as 
653 9466________________________ 
Bv ow ner. V a len c ia 4-2 2. 15oo sa N. carpeted, fireplace, cut ne d rp l c e ilin g s , r e frig 
$39, too 
$*.ooo Equity, Available June 1st 
6534945________________________ 

BY OWNER WINDCREST 
Being t i onstei rec. must sell, last ch a n ce to save r e a lto rs com m ission 4 bedroom , la rg e fu m ity lo o m w ith c a th e d ra l ceiling, i f apiece, rear patio views 
Hill country 5987 Winding Ridge. 
$•1,988 
No agents, 
By appt. 
453 72)1 

BY OWNER, 3 yrs old, 7%**.VA, 
3-2-2, 'a m a s o n ty , fit a p a c e , I living area, privacy fence, walk- 
UP Odic, 537,ooo 656-2898 

 d r e a m l a n d o a k s 
Elegant brack hem * in secluded neignoo* hood 4 b ed ro o m s. I baths, plus 27 X 13 garden room 
E x c e lle n t con dition 
822 5728, 
121-5471. 
Your hostess—Corol 
Cos*. 
S tro u rte r N e lso n W oolly 
OPEN I S 
• 583o COMER PYLE 
Soper corner fireplace in bra cozy den. 17-2. ail carpeted , *n ly 4 years eld Hilltop tot anon. near 
Medical Compton 143.988 
6827 FOREST GROVE 
Popular Oaks, to ra * oil brick. 
J 2 7. fireplace, in ll« 2 8 to m ,ta a r a ' t f ' f V H a s own w ell 

IWV Owner willing to take in Du­ plex on trodg. 
484 4711 or 751 9*4) 
P IO N E E R R E A LTY 
4-U n IT 
S e a c ra ft orators, good condition 
198% occupied 
V tarty income $$$)o 4SS-7713 
TANGLEW OOD R E A LTY 

 highland Hills 
(rome lets ai ext 
4 Bedrooms extra*, small dewn payment about HS* me includes lu x**, insurance etc Se* af MJ 
HARCOURT Open t a 
226-8357 
34 2 9338 

O W 
N S U N D A Y 3 T O « 
5919 SENICA 
* *s tor gram, J baths rn Seneca 
Itta**! im ai rn $54 WO 
9411 KRNGUN loaded in prtdMHHis tov. .I H.ih 
I bed*eon* 
- J beths Priced af 
J i t SBO 
1o923 WEDGEWOOD 
3 bedrooms, 7 both hem* wietod rn Bi cataian* Oak* $5o,oo(1 

M 
O R B T T O O A Y I 

4 8 4 - 4 3 3 o 3 4 4 - 4 3 o 7 
DIANI! 

OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— M U 

O k 

■H 
I M . 
Real A stole 

OHM SUNDAY 2)o$ 
1239 NORTH BLVD. 
Cornet lei rn ted Hem Monet, neat landetph 
16*7? family 
1oam with fa te !** 3 bedroom 7 bath •»**• loam ort utility teem 
Work bench and shelves in 
658-3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO 
REALTORS—MU 

 h h SbSmIiih i 

 a re a . v o id full et p re tty oaks tre e s , p riced at only *44,598 
Com* br 
C e n tu ry 21 
WNtetraera-Hohdoy a c i n i 
REALTORS 

OPEN HOUSE 1 - B 
158o4 HGRSE CREEK 
HIDDEN FOREST 

NEW MONIES ON 
Th TO SUCK TRACIS 
Situated on cn o ic* tra c t* w ith m agnificent view * 
I and 4 be dr aam*, upper level decks, lire place, modern kitchens, 2 system a ir heat P lenty et ream loc a e a r den o r h o rs e 
L o c a te d in 
I a i R O AK s 
D riv e e a t IM id 
Northwest to Lean Spring* exit proceed en or cr ss rued to Comp 
H om ey nan turn n g h l, go J'z m il** Ie F a ikO Ah s office 
BW SMITH CO 
GSS244OBHoKCRG98 2B32 

O PEN HOUSE 2—$ 
NORI HERN HILLS By Owner 
4314 M YPO INT 1-2-2, tai mal tty mg and during, eta* family room fire p la c e , p riv a c y fe n c e , tow 
" • ( j l r u n d a s w i m n . u g e n t * 
O PEN HOUSES 
349 FENW ICK 
1*2,588 
W INDCREST 
14823 S E LL D R IV E 
I37.5M 
NO R TH ER N 
HILLS 
S522 CASTLE WAY 
$44. IM 
CAM ELOT 
C e n tu ry 21 
JAMES GLASCOCK A ASSOC 
__________ 
6S8-77I7________ 
O P E N M O U SE 
>89* W IM S 
LEDON 11-4 Sundog, Merits 4, 
1977 J-}-}, 71% brack hem * wile 
•emily ream, tu e p ie t*. boy win dew* end 28 beautiful n a il Come bv ond *## *34 7)41 
RED CARPET 

IU ,S M Firm I 755 4414 rB‘" 3 C I i i i W'T75"n"" T t k A t 
Lorge ) bedroom, den, carport buy equity cmd assume 971-4327, 
626-1777 
R onald Williamson 

?W> TOfflMSFS 
TT iroT S 'HOtTZ- rh . sg it living OI VO. 3 bedroom l'» both, convenient ta Medical Center and 
Lot.*loud tenty 
No auaiityinB . 
Assume ond mov# rn Murry 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4311 
REALTORS 

O NLY STROOP E Q U ITY 
LGCY S IK ET . 822 1383 
I 
NOR TH TOW 4 R f A L T V 
Young respomtbl* investor want* lo buy I-IS older unit* from retro. 
[ mg owner Fairies 342 347) 

?m musts HM m m i 

FRANCES LEVEMStM 
HStm 
A N Y T IM E 
712-49$) 

EDYTHE B COOPER 
HK T T B m 
X H a ir 

BY 5'W N tR 
Beou'iful 178 yr old home 
All m aso n ry , high ceilin g s, 7 tire aface*, centro! heal-oro, 4 room*, mc# yard, privacy tenet. Unglue 
Must see to appreciate tie 8837 ofter J 3o 
B V d W N ^ A tA M tL O T ti, i i }, large living area, tirep io c*. din mg. to rte kitchen, breakfast oreo, carpeted, fenced $57oo equity ond 
$777 mo Atter > pm. $53 SOS I 

~ RY OWNER CAMELOT ll 
1 I year old homo, 3 2-2. fireplace, country kitchen, covered polio, to ra* yard. all appliances, U4o sa I t , schools cio*e, closing cost 
Od, *36,9o8 45J J317 evenings 
Bv aw ner, 3 2 2, cent heat o ir, tire o to c *. lorge m aster bd rm , 
•emily room, *!>d>ng gloss doors, 
I cov patio, storage shed. green 
, hnute, b ea u tifu lly landscaped, must sell due to illness See to appreciate ss* *#77 att 
4, no 
I Quants 
____ t v owner, X J-l, 

 gorage apt in an excellent neigh boyhood very dos* to North Star 
M all. USO sa lt w fireplace plus apt Asking $41,9oo will consider reasonable otter 124-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
* p p T v W i l l y 
KW f u n d lo purchase the equity en this 3-2-2 in 
Valley Forge Assume 7»*% v a loon cmd toke over paym ent* of 
$294 Large backyard Hurry. 
*288)9*. REALTORS 

RED CARPET 
I i7Tw ^~'«' ?T ruL'iJ, vac cen 

 a p p^ 
— Yr j o n -oc,'; ;"'f;.T;d'^T h g f tS T o corptf‘ ,t" r,‘ 
141 
* r pots and on oil brick home with 4 ; 
—tory i l bedrooms. J ', baths Living room fry • * * ? ' custom heme en plus fam ily room with fireplace, 
^ Ifh taxury features and bunt rn bookcases and gun 
V j X 
V l _ i caBtngtt t V 6 W N r ll, #1 Do. o o nr or live 
Stl.988 
REALTORS 
453-7)41 I investment, 4 2 2. boho Privacy 
I fence, custom dtaoes 
' 656-8791 
Guy Chipman Co 
- A 
M f lu r 1 ye w ' I ' M , *, L 1 
' 

*51, 

F O X R U N 
O R O 
7»% 
. . m o s ttr s u it* 
12*281 Large fom ily room with 

CAMDEN BARGAINS 
AT 616: alder 4 bedroom, living room w ith fire p la c e , sep a ra te j dining room, in need of restora­ tion, IO ft c e ilin g s , h ard w o o d floors $22,18o 
AT 621: IOO yeor old 3 bedroom. , sepal a l* dining ream plus extra ' lei. $39,oo4 
M S R E A LT Y 
o24-7417__________________344-5433 I 
C A M E LO T ll. 1 2 2. Cent heal i a ir . fen ced , c a rp e te d , c e d a r 
I covered p o ll*, finished fo ra g e with work area 7% payment $21o 
7>35 Meibury For est *5* 3659 
CAMELOT 12 7 NO DOWN lo anyone' firep lace in single living area, huge kitchen, air, carpel, ranee, lust $792 month! 
344 5564 Hart McCormick 3*4 2993 
' C A R E FR E E L IV IN G rn this like new garden home 3 Bedrooms. I decorator baths, large single liv­ ing or aa with fireplace, wet hor, format dining Spacious kitchen, delightful breakfast area Excep 
•tonal price of *55,9oo. 494 7651 
A N YTIM E 
I ROSOW & KLINE 

CLOAR, BRICH, GUSS 
Beautiful custom horn* in Thou sand Oaks. 4 b ed ro om *, livin g 

C e n tu ry 21 
HAP HESER 653-4)82 Anytime 

DON’T READ THIS AD unless you 're looking tor 4 bra- * drooms, under $36,88o rand ie ** 
•hon I year ald home In a bloom mg area It * all herel Large liv­ ing area with fire p la c e , double g a 'age. Oen't hesitater North San 
Pedro 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
___________ 694-9581 
BASI SIDE LOCATION 
No down p ay m e n t, c o m p le te ly * re m o d e le d 2 b e d ro o m h e m e . 
Looks Great. 
3618114 
ABDO 
994-3229 
& DORADO 
B eau tifu l 4 bedroom , 2 't both home with fireplace and fam ily loom Wet bar, fire and smoke a la rm sys tem ond in te rc o m . 
$55 5oo Niles, 451 IH S 
656 3441 
DON JOHNSON, R E A LTO R S • 
KEY GROUP 

E L D O R A DO I N e a r pool an d p la y g ro u n d . 3 b d rm , 2 b a th , located on aural cut de sac Chil­ dren walk to elem entary school. 
Don t wait to 
Ste this home, 
•24-9171 
REO CARPET 
_________REALTORS 
E V E R Y T H IN G NICE 
17 2 paneled den. bay window breakfast to lovdlv y a rd , fru it fro#*, privacy fence Workshop 
MAC REAL ESTATB 828-2521 
FIR E P LA C E 3-2 7 E Q U ITY 
Ne uuahtymg. immediate move M huge gorden kitchen, carpeted covered patio, privacy fence, only 11588 knolly. Camelot ll 
144 5 i t h u h McCormick 344-1993 
FIRST 
O FFE R IN G T E R R E L L 
HILLS 
On a beautiful, sprinklred corner i tai with circular drive, Arizona 
, ledgestone. I story w ith thick, shake reef, 4 or 5 bedrooms pius 
Moorier* TIM* is what overybddv wonts. P itas* cell us tor details. 
• Id 3213 
M IM Slit HH). Rmtars 

FIRST O F F E R IN G 
THOUSAND OAKS 
■ Spacious 2 story Brick designed for family living one entertaining, 
4 bedrooms pius study or ith be or porn Entov tho warm th of tho wood burn in g fire p la c e ira the 
179x11 fa m ily ro o m 
E le c tr ic kitchen with compactor 824 2439, 

 hregidco one cathedral < tilt 
Hug* let! 
S H A - B r e k e r 

 n*s I 
939$ 

I em in turn. 2 bedrooms, 2 lull baths, ap phone es. she* corp#I Equity and csitume *197 mo or refinance v l* *575 
HASKINS R E A LT Y r W b ftM tN .J E si r e - ' 
Owner it detour ai# wants $2,588 equity tar J bedroom, 2 bam con­ dom inium in T u rtle Crook 
As sum* ketone# of $11,888 ($1o,o88 
•gutty sacrlhc #d tor $2,588) 
341 8134 
ABDO 
342-8913 m 
* A f 6 ? V 'law nil am e « lta c e n tra l m a 
9*9o dew n , | i ) 9 monthly 
921-17**, 
*71-4714, 
674-7589 
PAT MCVEY KEAL ESTATE 
F f r f f T A i r W 
W 
M 'I i ta n dominium Coram** North a rte 
2 I All aloe kitchen w a s h e r dryer connections Covered antra tats of Stereo* 342 k i l l prior * 
GRAfKTuS 'ITvTR hSTr easy prestigious Condominium c lo t* lo Alamo H«<gnis) ) bedroom s, tirepioc* pouo and double 

 t - t , j ■■ j lis tin g ! 188% Stone. N ortheast 
M I 11*7 
Schools, on a lovely tree shaded , M 
. . . 
. . . 
. . . . street I Bedrooms, 2 baths, living < 
$51.*88. 
3*3 9191 
I ro o m , sep al a t* d in in g 
. 
_ _ (Could be fam ily room ) Lovely 
BY OW NER, 3 J J. ic F I (overed f b 'j t o f . V e ry N e o n t il.$ o 9 
C a ll w ith s k y lig h t*, g u tte r* 
! fra n c e *, nefhrag dawn, SISO dos le i J IH A N Y T IM E ma Oft Nacogdoches p a 
W AYNE SLATER 
*96-7429 
REALTO R 
M4-491* 
A~r r e ~f t m r o w a n ou t s garden kitchen enhance this 
Uearooem, I ' I bath horn#’ Living ond family rooms, covered poilu. walnut paneled garage) 
$51 995 
REALTORS 

 argos to'ae ond spacious Large | REALTORS 
JONES-KING 
B lu r OI SO. PUSS th r u III c o lo r #, a custom kitchen with ' i bath. 

I M 
M 
M 

GT 

Guy Chipman Co 

ABSOLUTELY TOPS 
A C h a rm in g H ouse tor young 
M arrieds I bedrooms, 2 boths, double g a m u t Bunt by Flamingo high on a hill in MW Handstand 
Milts I 
$$,588 assumption! 
Coli 
I NOW T 
144 4491 
Niles MS 1787. 344 1 681 
GEORGE FLOOD REALTORS 
" T I a RUS U K K iim J C N to U 
THRILL HEIGHTS 
Newly painted j beat cram, I bath cortege, hardwood tigers, covered io,i- 
STEVE I. FINCH 

A Q U I C K M 
O V E * 
Caused this 4 bedroom homo to 
O II 7141 ’ tracgme ovoilobt# atter only 3 mas 
1 occupancy 
W o rd * can n o t do 
Scriba the excellent quality end workm anship 
Bripnl open ana livin g areo w ith s o p a ra l* din. room plus b re a k fa s t a re a 
Screoned-in porch 2 lux baths, watgr sort#n or' GB appliances 
Ask us about the energy saving package al this home 826-81/1 

REALTORS 

LIKE b ttfiROQMS? 
5 M IN from M E D CENT EK NW. deer Run I lift® equity av*um »» 
$i*v888 at 7% ( l l * * per mg I Also 
2 I tory, territu view at SU toe 
W U R M Huai (stile 
... n u 
-■ m n mi B l’ 
IH I * 1,6441 * IO ( *(■ 
IS 3 2 $ 1 *o 6 
11 PPI SS (MM WI WE 

M ONTE VISTA 
OREN HOUSE I I u re at 

• zAmcircan *■* 
o r n 16RAMMCRCT - - C T , 
- - x — 
1 bedrooms, I b ain *, beau tifu l 
* n 
J 
I ra */|rC B t m on aition 
569.88o 
7)3 9742. 
A JA C t I f y O l I I i 

♦.irouU c i N e ls o n R c-qlty 

O PEN 2 5 
IN V A LLE Y FO RG E AREA 
127? V A L L E Y FORGE you took mg tar a spotless 
2 with e tora* luff Como toddy see this super home G reat entertaining la rg e tov d po tig, liv in g , d in in g gnu fo m ily rooms. Safe pf rat sir ion with low tautly 814-8171 

REALTORS 
*51714) 

 ism ACfiOM tv UM ate rod • xvi aisut to 
Pi # C | * O u i PM—Pi I UC lip JNB ft *-•!%% iii 
CAii 116 tp ift 
W A N T 
A D S ! 

RED CARPET 

- j E i i k i a i s ____ e t ACI IO U ! w AW? t a tai ISM 1161155 M IW * 
C A II IT S I b oe 

 aerage! 
$41,258 
Guy Ctiipmanlo 

IF YOU LIVE PMVKCY ,. 
You ii odor* this two story I be dreom, 2'» bathe with too many exerting extras ta Mkt Id the 38 % 

•2 8 8391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Brailler s i t V L oop ult 
T rT T T~T»r r * eats* am b m w i 

"ALAMO K IS " 
Cut* and cozy I I ideo! tot cog 
IPI# Swap dream s tor detour ow nor sh I# buy your home now 
''JUST LISKO” 
5 bo crags ) bedroom near Cam aradid School Assume loon 
"TEM Ell HILLS" 
F r ic * re d u c e d on Ib is l l ) 
SPdcraus fa m ily home 
M oyg t mgr* Iron# ta your own home 
Vaar in>ttltgdhgn is w ekem * 
Cab 822 Ita l 
HAHIMAN Hi: HOBS 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS a H 6 X EL B flg A DiS U rCi ', 
Unigue 4 2 1 Canirei o n , stove. : 
$2*o total move rn F ir*! payment in May $24,475 
674 4126 
RAC ileal E stole 
A f i l l I T l f F l o r * . I M 
, 
)7« 13 den tar met during carpel, mar# $4,512 equity, $2*8 me Coit 
IN TE RST ATE 82887*5 hi b am 
AR T rm W ttW 'PAfK'AMU 
Beauti to I 4 bedroom Only $386 down H U R R Y* 921-1786 67 ) 47 1 6, 
674 75*9 
FAT MCVEY REA*. ESTATE 

A TREE"HOUSE? 
No* * colly bul a charm ing (wa story h a m * an a b e a u tifu lly wooded (Olmos! on a e ro » tai rn 
Oak Mayan F r iv o l* ced ar bai cany aerate front Rgmorkapra - vat rn the id s 
Coli tar prinoto showing 

•218391 A n y tiritB 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors N I I e at etc 
— 
U u M n T s f i t r ......... ts it s ieee l» F # t$ * 4 VO *MW$ 

 privacy ranee, tui ho vent* utility room. paneled garage, storage rgom 
W alk to M o n tg o m e ry 
Elans, fido lo eth els No agent* praos# *34,588 454 DIO art lpm wkdys, all day whit#* i r g w le lf c . C e ti n Field Villogo, 4 or 5, 2-1 2388 sq « 
• z acre lot, luxury m ature* tare nsimg bar yowl below m arket sis loor 
» V OW NEY, fx'ra'iii t>„y Alice J 3 
Igm iiy room, com pieitlv cure#* 
#8 , drapes ana oppitance* stay 
Assume loan end pay $147 mo 
73S-97H Arter $ 34* 7815_________ 

BY oWNER~ im m a c u la te 1 3 2, fire p la c e in targe riving areo. privacy fence, best guglify electric kitchen As same taw equity and only 7 's% m rec est NEID Can far opp* No 
Agents *53 3555 
I V 
6 8 /U I R , l - M . t~n~f ariser*# 
M ust sett Ib is m onth 
A skin g 
A*-199 equity, ossume 8<>%FhA 
Loon, *272 per month M ake on ofter S3* I88i in Kirby H 
I car i vied. oil drgpas, new pus range, large (overed polio large bear ital beton frog*, set 25)3 git Sam wkdys, OH day w sno. 
I #9 awner, J 1 11 Ut O ty m S in S r m al riv in g ro am , dintrig room tom bm arign. den and b r. ak ta si nrak- caurtv and assume 7% v a 
'Pan ta on lh! y poymenr* $ ]*) or 
$)5,9o8 now HKin *56 te l* 
I V "ownair'TIp VoWroiT u T i I cant air boat, baguritoUv landscaped lev polio I UI pet 111 too I MIS l l 
Sender o *$* fora 

 t v owngr Kirby corner lot, ox 
1 tthtdf, $24, $88 tai >881. 
By owner, I oar el Moigbts. eider s u m I 1-3 ana Garage agt tire t hroe Cyclone ranee Excellent en art mn. Ntce and leon trace 
12$,898 COH M tad 7)1 1*83 U t 8 
I nit a id 
I , ij U t w m . i i 

HH HH M e n tis N IK I 

‘ leo unfurnished bang* room over 2488 sa ft Colt for details 
1ANDMAKK. REALTORS 
SVQ 459) 
CHAMPAGNE AND CAVIAR ' 
Com e and see the m ony out- slandtno feature* in the new home et o)19 H icko ry H ollow , W ind 
Cresl O PEN SAT SUN I * F M 
Salt! 8 Assoc, Rdonors P e tros 

CHILDREN GROW 
Hou sa* dan t So horas a pro c t tar o growing family 
J bedrooms 3 troths, plenty of s to ra g e Buy VA or RHA Coll now 
1)4-139! (Anytim e) 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Austin Hwy Oft 

FIRST OFFERING 
B e a u tifu lly m a in ta in e d T M I home Over 4188 Sd ft of luxury living in this } bedroom, 4 bath with lorm ai living, dining, huge den, study ana quartgrs I rooted ion a p riv a te oak studded lot 
•28-41*1, 824-3924 

 c u m 
L U K E 

FOR FAST MHO service with no unnecessary delay rat A L A M O 
TITLE 
CO handle tot 
Oeui 
237893). 
' 

9 o R s a l e . Beautiful Homesite, 
Shavano Fork, lorge oak trees, 
I$8x34, Sit SOO Coil 493 32)1. 

Ail 
HS ll 

1 ^ 9 

Op*n Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to S;3o P.M. 
D E A D U N I S s 
Monday thru Thursday 
5 OO P M (or follow ing Day 
Friday I 3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M tor Sunday 
Friday $ 3o P M fa r Monday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AN D SUNDAY 
Cancellations ond Corrections can be made 
Monday thru Friday 8 A M ti! 5 3o P M. k 

 thu I *zrooi> Nf-wi Corp a* ct pts raroponrobrtif y tor ##• a rt the tost (toy o f p v k rio ta c 

GUMM MCK M U 

11 *t«y fovntly tem* Nth a 
»rs1 Sedroam. end Bt 
,.igh ceiling*, 
Hows Iwng w a wmt 
I room, Him* r, delightful;patio. 

K A U TfU COLOMA! 

[ I story with basement game room. liwng room (faefloce) sxparata dining, morning r 
Ipomfcn room, fertkfatf room' and | down AN large bedroom up onto dressing room off molter suite. 
Vprmklered grounds mth pool 

SUHM LOCATION 

Magnificent spaces far large sale cotertammg toined by Cory areas for intimate Toady moments 2 level mortar suits, 
4 other kings ired 
M o on s. 
Updated aith meticulous cm . Unusual dmrotelien, union# flooring, 4o' family room aith budf-im. On 2 manicured large lots 

$2 ,o o o 
Hus $185 per month et 7Vi in­ terest «ill get you a 2 bedroom, 2 bath townhouse large master* bedrown Convenient to Ft. Som end londolph Coll Reuben for in­ formation at 653 4364 

A SIGHT TO BASOID 
A beautiful large shade free ac­ cents the front ywd to this 3 bedroom, 2 bath homo. Located in 
Village Morth, its convonient to schools, shopping centers, evejrthing. Coll us TODAY of 653- 
63 

W HO, M I? 

YES, YOUl boa you ant afford a home tool 
We hove o lovely 3 bedroom home aith open terms. $14,95o. It has one amort end patio with prrvocv fence. Carpeted living room. Call 
Dee Lewis at 653-6364 for details. 

M O N T E V IS T A 
OW NBt ANXIOUS 
2 story stucco s t bed rooms bee mea ceding in livmg room 

Q U IE T STREET 
Brick home-country kitchen-2 fireplace-3-2 

TERRELL HILLS 
Hetty setting-lovely treed 1o1-3- 
2-pool. 

O L M O S P A R K 
Formol home-large living, din­ ing and don, pretty interior ap­ pointments. 

C A R O L Y N G R A H A M 
KfALTOfl 826-8673 RHYTHM 

ASIS ROBIN FOREST 
LOW EQUITIES $66oo-lAttf IOT ll 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, stone fireplace, loods of carpet! See today! 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

B E A N IE 

O W E N S C O . 
KAITOB4US 
W M * . Id. Ok 

MIGHTY TVfES-AH SCHOOLS 

Delightful 
I story brick on 
Beautiful sprinkland (pounds 
Designed by awner orchitect with merry speed br features for this ham. 

RID Carpet 
■ F T E : A 
L l O 
R 
S 
? 

CMAXIMNG COTTAM 

On o quiet street in roost desirable residential woo Close to shopping and bus Hardwood floors fireplace in living room, separate dining 3o s. 

I KT OSUCH! AXU 

On a 35o' deep let. 4 bedrooms, plus 2 sitting room up loeutifut foyer. 
Formal 
Itvmg-dronq 
- roams, Uhrery, brookfa&t roo- and large mormng roam, modem 
’ kitchen laautiful Estate 

(REGENCY) 

New on market. 5 bedrooms or 4 plus study. 3 baths, single living area, 4ox2o hooted pool, auto sprinkler, mony other extras Call 
Fronk lotondi 341-9191, Hites 
344 1932 

N A Y L O R REALTY 

G A LLE R Y OF H O M E S 

341-91*1 691-1121 656-552o 

 r a m m u -ah schools 
KOT ANO SPICEY 

PROMINENT 

A r c h it e c t 's D e s ig n 

This remarkable contemporary is in the Alamo Heights School area 
Subtle exterior, elegant interior 
Super large rooms, high (tilings, heated pool. 3 hroptaes. wet bor. S bedrooms, 4'A baths (in­ cludes luxurious master suite). 
Mom moth family room 
Me­ ticulously pion nod kitchen. The uhimote in comfortable, gracious living. 
REALTORS 
8 2 6 -2 3 4 7 

G E M 

 sprint 3-1 cm. OREN 
Fresh os spring. 3-2 with finished 

Caster bedroom. 
H ill). 
IOO' living concept. 
18x1o. 
1ooH bnck-unbelrovoble! $27,99o. Niles 
6SI-1428 

D A Y OR N IG H T 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 m o r t a r ! s o u t h w e s t r e a l t y 

FASCINATING 
Tv MWO M i SUMMY M T MOM 
O M I OK* ( M r im i mpel). l a n k i M e 
*1o7 (OUNTtYSHK 
Ald AP 
-6 A a _ w * PPWJPlCwWI ta 
Caowtry Lobo 
M e l M6i.e i' 4'A Mm. bm rn tm dk. mdi bm*. SHS JOU 
OFOI1-6 DAILY 
“A H i A M M A N CLASSIC" 
H yen en hi ie — tar Ie WM tm 
■WM Mr 4HM6W ie Chou IMM 

ARNOS LEVENSON tis im unmau u n t il 

H A K U H N * 

Tron*farrod owner Has towered rite price to $23,966. Pretty as a picture 4 bedroom, I bain on a corner lot. Control heat and air, covered patio and other extras. 
Call 121-57o4 
Century 21 
•26-5764 
REALTOR^ 
651-424o 
BOB RODGERS t h o u S'a n E 'BAM *.' C ha rm ing home on corner lot with 4 large bedrooms. J fu ll baths, (am ity room with fireplace. Extra large form al living room and separate formal dining roam plus country kuchen. Ail this, plus North East 
Schools' 494-7451 ANYTIM E. 

NORTHERN H ILLS. This beau­ tifu lly b u ilt 3-2-2 w ith sp lit be drooms. has I large living area w ith • ' long a rched fire p la c e , separate dining, 551,9oo 624-4336, 
653-2796 

MUST SELL! 

REAVIS REALTY CO 
1624 N. Pine, VA $14,ooo 
Home or Ouplex, 824-2o5o 

CAMELOT ll 

JUST LISTED! Lovely 4 bedroom, 2 both on large comer lot. 
Cathedral ceilings in family room ond brook fast WM. Fireplace. 
Triced nght. Coll to see soon. 
$41,ooo. Niles 6S5-2394. 

N A Y L O R R E ALTY 

G A LLE R Y OF H O M E S 
656-552o 691-1121 341-9191 

■ 
L 
I M 

SAN PEDRO HILLS spring bv seeing this a 
Start spring bv seeing this great 3 bedroom heme with fireplace and a patio for all seasons. 49o-922o. nltos 494-53o7 

OAK FORREST 

Delightful otto story aa a comer. 
Irving room with frepkxe. orate dining room, family room. (lodonda No floor), 4 
I bedrooms, plus guest house. 
, ...geom now kitchen *24-3233, 
I 822 5973,822-91o3, *264o49 

Season up your lite In this unique 
3 bedroom, 7 bath one living or eg contemporary with cedar roof bra fireplace, lots of built ins and en orgy savor construction. You'll be plod you did! Ifs now ond only 
$51,9oo. 
Coll 349-1434 Anytime 

Gorpeous colonial in Monte Vista 
4-4' i-2. Beautiful large living has fire pla ce O versized din in g, li­ brary with fireplace, cabanas and pool. Out of town owner wants action' Coll Ruth Foties 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

$ lorpe bedrooms, 3 beths, fire ­ place m lorge fam ily room, fo r­ mal dining plus lorge breakfast area with built-lns and bay w in­ dow, covered patio, ond much more. Niles o36-o597. 

BILLY FELLOWS 
SAN PEOPO HILLS First Offal 

THO USAND OAKS 
This 3-2-2 offers comfortable liv ­ ing at its best The home facing west Insures cool enjoym ent of the large covered patio on hot summer evenings. Chandeliers in every room , e xtra q u a lity cor pots, a huge PP In the tam. rm . for 
Nm he pleasure of the entire fomtly 
Other extras are too numerous to list. Call 824-o171 
REO CARPET 
REALTORS 
TR im t V I Rt i n highly Yrod!- tional home, superbly construct od, set on oark-like grounds with a pool and te rra c e d deck area. 
T ruly fo rm a l liv in g room w ith mantled fireplace, dining room and Butler's pantry. 3 bedrooms plus study. Fam ily room with a second fire p la ce . E legant and serene...a classic homo! 
5135,ooo. 
REALTORS 
o24-9431 

C USTO M Q U A LITY 
INSIDC 4 1 o N W 
ALI MICK 3 bedroom, new home, for 
$3o,95o 
S minutes lo Lockland, and new NW Super Mall living room with ll FT FIREPLACE cathedral ceiling, dining area, features tag English box windows Fully rorpotod, deluxe (Magic Chol built-ins 
2 full both*, room finished 2 cor garage ond patio low 
Conventional ond VA rotes 
REGAL HOMES 
OTEN TOO AY 12-6 
ON NT APPOINT HAE NT 
6*1-3o72 or 659-142o 

O P E N S A T .-S U N . 2 - 6 
I HUND CREMO ESTATES—6oo6 WHITE CIOUO Hew furnished model by H P. Orts Construction Co Showing excellent value of moderote price $344oo Functional floor pion for maximum (amdt useoae interest, 1oo% VA or FHA financing. Superb sub-division located ii loop 41o off CaHoghan Rd between londero ond Ingram Rood 

8% inside 
Coll 
Loop 41o off Gsfk^han I 
684 1386 for further details 
WOODS Of SHAVANO—new home 14715 GOLDEN WOODS See floor donning ond decoration* thats truly outstanding by AQUARIUS 
HOMES 2 living areas, fully equipped 3 rbedroom home with lots of styfe. Tread yow yard. law SOV 492-253o for directions. 
LARKSPUR - Several new and preowned homes being shown this f t 
.................................... 
“ * weekend. Excellent sub division featuring club facilities, choice NE 
Schools, ond superb location neor IH 35 ond Loop 41o. Price range rn 4o* to mid 5o s. Excellent financing available $1 move in horn low 1 
VA! 2 good assumptions otso will be shown Come to LARKSPUR AIEA 
SALES OFFICE en o Connor Rood 828-6343 for additional particulars or directions. ■ 
■ 
■ 
_ 
CORNELIUS 
HOME 
2 story oximatdy bedroom, 

+ INCO M E 

 duplex appr­ i s e sq. ft., 
I 
I bolti in each; area. No down to 
Jets. SI 7,ooo. Coll TODAY to see! 

SAN mg. 2 Story beauty with 2 living areas and fireplace Divided be­ drooms All the benefits of the pre-owned (custom drapes, lovely yard ond fence). Pius the perfec­ tion of the new. 
824-o121 
ANYTIME. 

Guy Chipman Co 

Century 21 
MONEYSAVERS REALTY 
456-242o ANYTIME 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

BASSEWEILBACHER 
'NC; REALTORS 

 i f l c L i o e i 

WINDCREST 

IDE SIGNED for prestige living! 4 very 
I large bedrooms Entertainment sized 
I living room arith fireplace lets af easy 
Irate sotfiHo tile Immaculate home in well established neighborhood. 
|S/« SM Tim Ashby 655 o7o7, 824 
12128. 

8326 G U N ECHO 

4 legroom home in Camelot • 
$34,9oo Ixwnorliters condition 2 both, 2 garage, prwocy fenced, covered poke Assume VA leon with payments of $263 per mon 
C> S.41(o th 653-635o 

 r f 

B E A N IE 

O W E N S C O . 
REALTOR—MU i Rd. Ok. 

3-2'>2, in Camelot, wet bar, fire­ place, corner lo! 2-story $45,516. 
Jim Ashley Real Estate 464-4276. 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built tor casual living and fam ily fun, 4 bedrooms and 3 baths, tiro placo, 2 ce ntra l heat-air units, la rg o pool, p riv a c y 
(once. 
124-4521, nites 342 4849 
Turner Realty 

In Time For The Summer 
Welcome your husbond home and retax bv tho pool. Enjoy this love­ ly 4 bdrm, 7 bath home, wall-to wall carpel thruout. Good location fo r oil m em bers of the fa m ily 
Landscaped professionally. To see this home, coll 6368)71 

NACCO at Thousand Oaks 4-2-1, 
Only $75o down, $238 mo. 
J *_ J REALTY 474-6883 Anytime 
NE. 3-2-2, ail brick, assume low 
4*. loan or refinance, many ex­ tra*. 4118 Monaco 453-2853 

NEAR JEFF 
Colonial brick 3-3 plus den. feet fam ily home 
Per- 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
834-8473 Anytime 
NEAR MACARTHUR HI 
3 Bedrooms, 7 boths. double gar­ age, co n tro l h ea t-olr. p riv a c y fence. Nice oak tree. Now carpet and paint Like new. All financing a v a ila b le 
C oll 
C o lle c t: 
512-438-717o, Joe Kohutek 

• 
133o OBLATE 
• 
Perfect Condition! 2-l+den. Cen­ tro! heat-air. Only $25,9oo DON'T 
MISS THIS Y O U 'LL LOVE IT! 
344-3471, 341-o372 
BOB BRENNER REALTORS 

VALLEY FORGE 
75°. B ric k home w ith custom drapes, 3 bedrooms, J baths. 2 car garage. CRV at 534,35o. Top con­ dition call today for more information 
656-3ooo Anytime 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A LT O R S 
I 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 
IU 

PWOD BGHT 

• S IX B E D R O O M S • 
C A S T U HILLS ESTATES 
The impressive wall eetrome*' you to mn brick ipHt level with 6 1 
4to boths. large 

& ASSOCIATES 

8 2 8 -5 3 A 3 
E ves 6 5 3 - 9 5 9 6 o r 6 5 6 - o o o 7 ^ 

 i fireploced family room plus huge | 
On a fireptoced gomtraom. bn about to ocra. lest ond view the stun ( from th# high deck. 5119,ooo 
Tov must sea this! 

*26-2347 

NEVEN BEFORE OFFERED 
• FAR BEYOND 

REALTORS i 

BIG 'N BEAUTIFUL 
4-7' j-2. Big country kitchen den, 
PLUS 2nd to m lty room . 17x1o master bdrm, BIG dress, walk-in 
MAC REAL ESTATE 82o 2521 
59o7 H E IW B a i W r 

OFF O'CONNOR RD. 3-2 2, c a r­ pets, a ir, fireplace, appliances. 
Nothing dawn. May 1st payment. 
WAYNE SLATER 
494-747o 
REALTOR 
344-o934 

TUTT 
LIS TE D ! Im m aculate trl-leve l, beautifully decorated. Batter than new on quiet cutrae-tac. 3 Large bedrooms, 2 full baths, separate liv in g and fa m ily room s, fir e ­ place. Spacious kitchen, loads of pretty cobinets. Trees, Mony E x­ tras! 494-7451 ANYTIME. 

Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Porrln Bedel Otc 
WH A t ’ 5 6 6 $ y'S u X 
WIFE 

OEF SAN P E D R O 
A ll b ric k 
3-7-den with a fireplace Call Any­ tim e CHARLES WATTS R EAL 
ESTATE 733-291o, 732 5355 

NEAR North stor Mall, Bv owner, 
3-2-1, att. 5: 3o 341-5o13 

OEF SAN P ED R O . A ll b ric k 
3 2-den, w ith fire p la ce , range, d ish w a sh e r. 
M ust see to appreciate. Assume or conven­ tional. Call us. CHARLES WATTS 
REAL ESTATE 732 391o, 733 5355. 
OEF SAN PEDRO 
4 bedroom. 3 both, den, fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling, m icro-w ove oven. e le c tric k it­ chen, big lot 349-45o3. 626*983. 

T O F T 
WANT? 
3 bedroom , 2 bath, on a quiet, tree-shoded yard, on sate cul-de- sac tor children. Do you wont low payments? We have it in Camelot 
I. Call Grace, nites 455-248o. 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
R e tte d For Q M Sale 
Due to tra n s fe r, a m u st to salt—This beautiful 3-2-2 home. 
Carpeted ond a ir conditioning 
Fenced Only 532,ooo 
Vernon Sclmchanit 
464-1o85 
Real Estate 
484-o489 m s QAo w n l e a * 
E xtra nice 3 j bedroom, I bath, attached g o r- 1 age Corner lot. 518,5oo 973-4327, I 
! 349 8453 

Century 21 

R o n a ld W illia m s o n 
OY 
Babcock N orth 

TREES! TREES! TREES! 

Surround end grate this northwest home with 3 bedrooms, I boths, 7 car garage, lorge family loom, central heat ond ait, sprinkler system, and 
LOTS MOKE! 

BOB MCGINNIS (I 

R E A L T O R S 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

Attractive 4 bedroom, 2 bath with 

HAP RESER 453-4182 Anytime 
W il s h ir e T e r r a c e 
Large, central a ir, covered patio ond cfaran 3 or 61-1, control hoof end 3 fenced yard. VA or EHA OK Coll today 
494-5571 
NITES 453-1445 

 a ir units, now ro of and p ain t 
Open terms. 
341-4484, 
REALTORS. 
Century 21 
REO CARPET 
W AKEFIELD REALTORS 

NEAR WINDSOR M A LL. 3 2-1, a ir, appliances, no down. 5375 closing U t payment May I 
WAYNE SLATER 
494-742o 
REALTOR 
484-4149 

Martba Wortev flealtars 

RED CARPET 
NEED MORE ROOM? 

REALTORS 

"I WANTS’ 
You got 'em? This home w ill cure them ! 4 bedroom s, 2 baths In immaculate condition. Large tiro- placed living aroa, form al dining room, covorod uatig. Take a look! 
*57,5oo 342-4177, nites, 344-5371 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 

Plenty of room tor overyono In this g reo t 2 s to ry, 5 lo rg e be­ drooms, 3 baths, form al rooms, fam ily room with fireplace, ca r­ p e tin g th ro u g h o u t, cu sto m d rapes, p ro fe s s io n a lly la n d s ­ caped. $44,5oo. Niles 455-7492 

> OLO FARM I- Spanish Style 3 2-2 
Covered screened patio, w all to w all, ce ntra l a ir, intercom on limited access street. By Owner, 
537,5oo Assume 5231 mo 455-o842 
4-2-2 OPEN HOUSE 
4818 LAKE G LE N , e x tra fine 
545,ooo. 
K IL L IN G S W O R T H , 
Broker 441-4835________ _ 

SELLERS: 
Call about our G uarantee Sale 
Plan, where It we don't sell your home, we buy It. 

WINDCREST 
4 bedrooms, 2' j baths, den, cen­ tral vacuum. Lots of extras 
24 hr 
Service 
4SS-S13J 
REALTORS 
VIRGINIA CERVENKA 

4-7 1, Fully carpeted, dishwasher, r" 
, runae. disposal, Central heat o tr ,' i $458o equity, 
5251-Mo 
Cull 
I 494-4781 
__________________ i fly Owner. Beautiful home, on corner lot. 3-7-2, fireplace, excel 
: le n t lo c a tio n . M any e x tra s . 
$43,ooo. 481-o5o4 
BY OWNER. 3 bedroom. 7 bath, double oarage. B roun S tation 
1 W est, low e q u ity . 
484-31o5-weekends or att 6 
BV OW NER b r ic k , n ea r st 
Mary's, 433-2S72 oft. 4pm 
BV 6 w n e r Clean 3 i 

 your oxpoctaHon of a MoMHorroitoon gone on 5 ceros 
(inspiring vfow ) w ith 
Ho a t od 
POOL, 
CABANA w ith both ond k He hon. D oubt* TENNIS 
COURTS, larg o fa m ily room lo brig htened by tw o story vaulted ceiling, lo rg e 
Hooded fireplace. Two story exciting brick, 5 bedroom s, 
4Vs baths, plus quarters. S ep arate living, dining, and breakfast rooms. C om plete g o u rm e t k it­ chen. V aulted ceilings thruout. Exquisite decor. 
M ony special features. And the lo v e ly approach to discover country living close to ev ery th in g . 

*2 6 -2 3 4 7 
I t AlTOtS 

COLONIES NGETH 
Large 4 bedroom home, on treed covered lot Huge covered polio, one of the best buys of the areo 
Priced in the low 4o s. 
349-3535 or 349-5111, anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
RE ALTORS-Lockhill-Selmo Otc e g iV T O V Y Y o E .n IdeaHo' co 

See oil our other ads on good home buys and rentals in ail areas. 
KEY GROUP 

Call IN T E R S T A T E 828-o7S5 
Open 7 Days Til I P M. 

Century 21 
MONEYSAVERS REALTY 
654-243o ANYTIME 

OPEN PLAN home has balcony overlo o kin g skylig h te d fa m ily room with fireplace! Living, din tng room s . 5 b ed ro o m s (o il 
L A R G E '). 2 c o m p a rtm e n te d boths! all the extras, in Blossum 
Nisi* 
574,9o«. 
REALTORS 
S24-9431 

WINDT RPST, by owner, 6-2'», I lorge den, cathedral ceiling, fi-e place, custom drapery, large kit­ chen, breakfast room, form al tty- 
In g ra in in g , n e a rly new dish - 
, washer, water softener, disposal, 
655-2189 att 5pm n i NDCREST: Open house Sol- 
Sun I -4pm 
> By owner, la rg e 4-bedroom , 3 baths, form al dining room -living 

JIMMY CARTER SPECIAL 
Owner soiling for peanuts. It you don't believe it, make an ofter on this 3 bedroom. 3 bath, budders tra d e in. Close to school and shopping. S22.4o8 appraisal. 
Call 349-1434 Anytime 

NEW LISTING 
Charming do-over near T rin ity 
L ivin g room , fire o la ca , d in in g room, 3 bedroom, guest house. 
732-1291 
Guy Chipman Co c 
M c» 

 sflferM'A I------ 

FIRST TIME ON M ARKET 
• Off NACOGDOCHES RO • ond lust north of Loop 41o. Com- piotoly redecorated interior and e x to rte r. 3-2-2, don. E le c tric th ru o u t. L ot HO X 2oo 
NE 
Schools 
So convenient. 551,5oo 
o24-2347. 
Thetma B. Preissman 

FOR SALE BY O W N IR . 3 be­ droom . 3 beth, double gorogo. fireplace. 4 yrs. aid 4351 Baytiss, 
655-7939. N E Schooli__________ 

BASSEWEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS 
JUST LISTE O I A ll b rick homo with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, living- dining room com bination, largo ponded den w ith fire p la ce , a ll electric kitchen Cheerful garden room Close to N orlh Star M all ond loop 
41o. 
Call 
342-3211 
ANYTIM E. 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
o24-o473 Anytime 
NEW LISTING 
3-2-1, built-in kitchen, separate livin g and fa m ily rooms, 34x15 covered patio, intercom. Assume 
7*« VA loan with $192 payments. 
C e n t u r y 21 
4S3-8I3) Bill Porkins Rity654-6722 

OUR DEAL F E L L THROUGH 
This exceptionally dean 3-2- iust bean placed back on morket. Situated on a quiet cull de-sac and convenient to school* 
Evenings Call Chuck 4S3-S4S1. 

 si E ft' A A T O F T h~N o'Sown----- to anyone! 3-1-1 only 
Si93 month, colt now to see! 
344 S544 Hart McCormick 346 2993 
SK V Lf'ftMT m eta n a u t * entry of stunning b ric k hom e! F ire - 

 o iV J ro n 'tnm M vd TnTm 
I room L or* e « •" wl,h cothedrol I beth' E xtras Perfect for youna paneled fa m ily room ..3 be I c tM tB fi f»re p |oC*, a p p ro x 1 marneds-reti 

■ d e n . Lee 
H S prep Coll 3462974 ofter 5 3o 
BY OWNER. 4-2-1, convtnient to m ilitary boses, northside schools ond future super m all Fenced back yard and covered p olio , security bors, cent. heat-olr, gar­ bage d isp o sa l, low eau ttv as sumption of 7% of V A loan, or refinance $74,5o9 415-7141. atter 
5 PM. 
BY OWNER, tre sth o /e n Edition. 
1-2-1, Delightfully decorated and coordinated light and bright, new carpet, custom drapes, kitchen remodeled Must See, high $7o s, 
341-27o2 

 iron Many trees. Close to schools ond shopping 3 B edroom s, J baths, country kitchen. Larqe bay window in lom ily room. o24-o121 
ANYTIME 

SUMMIT 

Spanish tone bet A family loom with beamed ceiling* and romentK fireplace is only one lecture of tm* 3 bedroom, 2 both home $4o,SOO will move you into this lovely heme 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 
6 9 1 -1 1 J I 
3 4 1 -9 1 9 1 
',3 6 -3 5 2 o mat 

 t^R E S T 6 a k s "« bTOWTO m : decorator bath*, double garage ond a king sizod 16 X 14 fam ily room, first time advertised. Only 
SU.OOO FHA v a or assume. $223 month. 4o1 o44o. 
REALTORS-SO Years Of TRUST 
DEER RUN fb i* 
4 bedroom jew el m ust be seen to be ap predated. Located near shopping ond schools, th is home has a beautiful brick polio for e n te r­ taining 494-5221 (AN YTIM E ) 

REO CARPET 
For Sale By 6 wner. Executive type, custom-built heme. Unwer 

A y o 'i l N tU t! be Ii view " com pletely redecorated, larg e fenced yard, built-in kitchen and 
RED CARPET 

 drooms, I baths! 
I 24ooSa Ft 
$64,5oo 
313-51 ie 
$46,5oo 
REALTORS 
45o-7oo7 £ 3 34,3 xxx si ie 

WINDSOR SQUARE tly 1-2 hom e. Huge I 

 retired couple. $22,ooo. 
344-S729 
By O w nerTlToresf G len, i - l- i , large master, fireplace, carpet. 

BELLVIEW 
Brick veneer, carpet, immaculate condition, 3-1 pius den, walking distance to Wonderland, fenced, washer and dryer connections. 
$24,5oo 

SMMGHOUCTKM 
You will save $6,9oo on this 3 bedroom home with o lorge office for theta who like to wort at home deduced lo only SS3.ooo so that your family con enjoy this. 
1oo% rock on over to aer* 
IBCTUW 
3 bedrooms, orch tiled both, and 2 cot gorogo oo lorge comer lot I* this what you vt been looking for? 
Re just put the ttqn up. and it won t lost long et $25,ooo 
Use your VA ond put nothing down on these beautiful home*. 
Coll our Dtofaisionol now at 
7364426 

D U N I! 

OWENS CO. 
KAITORS— FALS 
Oh. 

L ovely 3-2 hom e. H uge liv in a area, range, a ir, c a rp e t, and 
_____________ fenced $27,ooo assume or 
A 4 bedroom, 2 bath home w ith I retinance fin is h e d g a ra g e and beam ed 
Century 21 
DELANEY REALTY 653 IU5o 

OUTSTANDING IST. 

 ceiiHtf. Carpi ting, fence, condition Priced at 527,o open terms. 456-1234 

 ta rte d with 
BUDDY UECKER 

RED CARPET 

6267361 
824 3o93 w 6 6 b t AKA, 1-2-2, on CUI de sac. 

ROSOW & KLINE 

FOR SALE BY OWNER: El De 
« rado. 4-2-2, F ire p la c e , u tility 
I ream. wall to wall carpal, pool, 
I furnished covered boho, built-in 
I Bor B Due grill, largo bock yard. 
I privacy lance Appt* 4SS-1o2I No 
Agents_______ ________________ 
FOX RUN NORTHEAST 

REALTORS <o f r iiis pl TRUST 
JUST LISTEO- This undutiful 3 bedroom heme in the preferred 
Oak H ollow Estates area. The spacious single liv in g space is high'iuh't rt with a stacked, rock fire p la ce ond va u lte d ce ilin g . 
4965221 (AN YTIM E) 

NEW LIS TIN G ! Spotless, lig h t and a try! ?« brick contemporary. 
3 B edroom s. B e a u tifu lly tile d 
Paths, spacious living-dining pius fa m ily room Y o u 'll o d o r* the parquet doors! Lovely kitchen cabinets, oversized utility room 
Trees, 
N E .Schools. 
494-74S1 
ANYTIME. 

On Wood Hollow in Bristol Place l - 1' i -1 b ric k and asbestos. 
Monthly paym ent of $145 at 7°» interest central heat and a ir on culdesac 
Van Dana 8 Assoc 
486 7171 
454-44oo 
496 5o94 

SPACE aud CHARM 
; Procticotly new custom home has 
Charm thruout, many appealing features Large rooms including 
I separate din in g, liv in g , sunny 
Kitchen—breakfast area, Alam o 
Hats Schools o264571 

 large family area, covered patio, a optionees ond drapes available, low equity and assume $749 mo payments, 441 7458 ofter 4PM. u i ■ y^ r W 
C i i f y o i)h a b E a t oreo Lots of carpet Open terms 

$34,9oo, 481 o993 Privacy tenced 
Bv owner, I ut rsl Oaks, all brick. 
3-2-2. many extras 484 o7S1. fly owner, 3 11, fu lly carpeted cont a ir-hoot, extra nice, ideal tor young couple or sm all fa m ily . 
Near Lackland, Kelly St M ary's 
University. $1o,ooo. 4J64924. 
. V 6 U . l . E » . i ! . , . T h u. o „ 6 ,.4 

Van Buren 8 Assoc 
684 7171 
6965894 
699-oo44 
B tb YOU SEE YUE 

BELLVIEW BEAUTY 

3 large bedrooms, 2 baths, lovely fam ily room, new roof, in excellent condition. 
Assume nolo or refinance 
V A or FHA 

T U T E R 
S PR IN G 
R E D U C TIO N th a t 
Deame Owens, Jefferson has to save you $49oo TODAY? 

V illage, assume equity or pur chase $28 OOO. Call att $, 464-411o 
By Owner, 4 mo. 2-storv, SOU sq ft 
12 acre J blks UTSA campo*, I moMn ” rn»" island kitchen, wet b or, 3 or 4 '" on ren , beat doms, has sunken dining awd 311 ]o tl 

DONT BRINO MONEY 
Bring your paint brush. No down p a ym e n t to a nyone. 3-4 Be drooms. 2 boths, some with air ond appliances. Paym ents less 

ROSOW & KLINE 

OVER 2ooo SOFT... tor $$i,9gg!!Toix obi 

3 and 4 bedroom homes 
$4$,DOO to $51,9oo 
VA-PHA No city loxes 
HARRINGTON HOMES 
3461624 
456o44o 
GARDEN KITCHEN in this lore# 
62-7 in Live Oak Covered patio oft kitchen end polio ON bedroom i lx l) family room with beautiful fireplace Priced tearer then com- t>orabic in area Ready Ie move in Call o2o-619$ Now. REALTORS 

RED CARPET 
4 LARGE BEDROOMS. 2 baths and 2 car toro## Fully carpeted 
Family room has nice fireplace 
Garden kitchen and taro# yard 

REALTORS 5o Years of TRUST 
NEW LIS TIN G ! D ram a tic end 
Excrttna This one of o kind heme beams w ith an im pre ssive en trance way that aeons into a hope 

; about tivine area...... .6oo sa ft in the fa m ily room 
JOO sa »t in the master bedroom 
2 fireplaces ... AND 
MUCH MORE! Just listed Be the first to see o2o-6343, avos 4S3-9S94 
Cornelius 8 As m c m H s 

Nelson eery. REALTORS u a w l SPACE can un yours 
SPRAWL SPACE cen be yours in this older home priced at $95,oo9 
C o m p le te ly re m o d e le d und re d e c o ra te d 
I a p a rtm e n ts p rovid e $2o5 m onthly racom o. 
Evenings call Virginia 455-3475 

2n mumm 
A AA a L l BR I^K LEON ^ A L L tY 
BEAUTY 
3-2-7. large master Bdrm. 3 large closets, a ir, dishwasher, carpet throughout. No down, payments 
$J$o mo 
4764124 
RAE Real Estate 

 a T T 

 entrance U pstairs p a rtia lly tin- lined with extra both fireplace. 
Enerpy saving home o95 1979 
(!~v o w n t i , J -i I, new point, driveway, semi furnished *15,75o 
Charles Watts Realtor 732 2918 
BY OwUfea. Oak Hills terrace. 

BOB DEPAOLO 
REALTOR 

 sity H ills , n ea r U TSA, la rg e wooded lot. circular drive, cour­ tyard entry, 3 bedroom. I both, built in double oven range, dish w asher, disposal, co ntro l heat and air, lorge u tility room with w osher-dryer hook-ups, sunken liv in g room and fa m ily room , cothedrol ceilings, m agnificent fireplace, charm ing m ixtu ra of reek, wood paneling, terrazo and worm brown carpeting thruout, w rought iro n ch andeliers and custom drapes remain. 2 patios and a sundock ideal for green house Low $5o s Shown bv appt only. 495 93o4 
For ia !r By Owner, J bedroom," bath, now paint inside and out, 
518,99o 915 John Pogo Drive, c a ll! 
< ^ 4 2 7 or 734 o919 
T T T O F T H T O lT T O m T O ------ g 6 RGE6 uS ALL A ri£ k . 3-2-2. in I Form er model home, le v in g ly teen Volley $4oo down $35o me maintained 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 
J B J REALTY 476888) Anytime I control heat and air, draped and 
C t A i W t i T V in L'eon'VoHtv i carpeted. $29, $oo 
Luxury 1oo’ ° brick 3-2-2. hugi- j master bedroom, sunken living oreo, carpet, only $325 month 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R EA LT O R S 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

I REALTOR 
491 138o 

Century 21 
DELANEY REALTY 6$1 OSSO 

BARGAIN No city loxes I 
4 7-7. carpets, appliances. North side schools No down. $j$o clos mg. 1$t payment May* 
WAYNE SLATER 
494 742o 
REALTOR 
344-8934 

62-2, Over 2<88oSa Ft et Luxury living greo, a comfortopie tam ily I jiving, tor moi living and dining room and a kilchen-m-ttie round 
The 4 bedrooms are specious and 
Cen be refinanced Wen I last, call ,h* I decorator bathroom s are cgnbereim anceo wen t met, can , 
U n d # f , 4o #o# 
C d„ 
° 
- 
1 342-3211 ANYTIME. 
828-819$, REALTORS 
RED CARPET 

•28-819$ now. a a a l * w as 
• i 
D flriw yn m r 
RED CARPET 
U L U U n i l l L I 
I prick, covered patio, inter story intercom 
GARDEN KITCHEN, 3 bedroom carpel, corner lot. fenced $19, rec 
ROSSI REALTY________ 494-7781 

ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS $8 Years o« TRUST 

NEN LISTING 
IN REGENCY ARIA 

 room, lots of Extras, carpeted, m ony b u ilt-ln s . 
F ire p la c e , screened in patio, E xceptional 
Hind-,;aping. Walking distance to 
E lem School. P ric o $54,956 
Shown by oppt. only 658-4774 

 sTr r g r v c c rT O T i r 
'W tw T nd ready to r occupancy design 2 story, 2'» baths and LUXURY combined area and location under $48,ooo 
•26634), eves 453-9594 

O rg inio l 
SP 
A BARGAIN 
ACE 
Easy assumption on this 1-3-2 in 
Superb 
Forest H ills Northside schools, built-in kitchen, DOO sa ft. John 
Gray. 4965139 

OWNIR ANXIOUS 

GODO BUY in Windcrest. 2 bedroom. 3 bath, sunroom ond hodov roam $47,86o 
24 hr 
Service 
4565131 
REALTORS 
VIRGINIA CERVENKA 

2118 brick. 
I Etc. 
USE YOUR HOME AS CASH 
____________ ______ 
Sec this beauty Frt, Sat, Sun 1-5 Lovely home and landsca pm 11186 I ARKYORKE (L o rk- nomw 
I spur) 3463471 Lune* 454 4528 
BOB BRENNER REALTORS 
Lorpe b ric k , 1-2-2. IO mo old 
Mony extras, low equity Assume 
$344 4568o2o. owner 

M a cA rth u r areo, 1-1 plus den. lorge yard, central neat ond oir, assume $144.$8 per mo 
7'iS* interest 

 zped yard with oil the amenities Fire­ place in don, form ol ii vino and drama plus a cozy breakfast room areal assumption 344-8348 

Van Buren 8 Assoc 
4667171 
3461889 
699-o844 

Cornelius 8 Associates 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

STOP LOOKING! 
I Acres in Mountain top 
Vacant I bedroom, 2 both. 2 car , 4 bedroom . 2 both, tir e p lo fi gat age Privacy fenced, new con j d itio n . g ro o t neighbors, sm a ll I equity Low monthly payments 
834 2)91 (Anytim e) 

 totally room plus Hying room IS min to Mod Conifer Horse OK 
TOO! 

OWNER L E A V IN G in 9 d ay* 
Make otter an 4-2-3, fireplace. 
E asy occoss to o xp ro ssw a v 
Equity and S ill mo Nile 456$48o 
Deanie Owens Co 
KE ALTORS Austin Hwy Ole 

—»69,ooo— 
Coll VICKI LANE 
341-1154 
NITES 111 3491 
Walker J Bornebev REALTOR 

KEY GROW 

Large vroom n corner lot. Garden 
Ridge. 4SS-3644. otter 5pm______ G™£P,,,ft™old I Century 21 

TSH STUCCO its only $383 on I 
AU BRICK 

LEASE PURCHASE 

V IL - 
G R E E N F IE L O 
LAGE .,"T M *t ’ prestige oreo of 
Schertz, has o b ea u tifu l. 4 be droom, I bath heme with a tile e n try , H yin g , d in in g , (a m ity rooms FIREPLACE! 
$44,5o8 
REALTORS 
4567o87 

3 bod loom home in East Terrell 
Hills Central heat-air. $24,988 w ill lease with option to buy 
COMPASS REALTY 
4961461 494 3817 

NEW MADISON HIGH SCHOOL 
This perfectly maintained 3 story is lust oft Nacogdoches on quiet cui-de-sac, and is ready to go tor 
VA b u ye r 
It Is c o m p lo to ly modern one has carpal through out. dishwasher, centi m heat-air. 

Live Oak bv awner, 62-1, massive reek fire pla ce in fa m ily ream, cathedral ceilings rn tam ily and 

 and privacy fenced Quick move- 

TRICO. Realtors 349 4491 
Owner Live Oak, 3 2 2. large lot. plus 2o easement Quiet street, assume, $194. aaymts. or reftn once $28.$88 Owner w ill assist with refinancing 654 4273_______ 

Gorgeous one liv in g areo has fireplace Raised separate dining cheerful kitchen breakfast oreo, 
3 bedrooms (m aster separate), bedroom Intercom, satt-cleomng I 5??' fcuv *" 'o-'n * * * *or *®,h oven, p a tio . 
P ric e d rig h t, * 

Payments only $)6l on 7**°. VA loan Large roomy J bedroom, 3 bath, vaulted co iling in fa m ily room, dining room and m oster 

T ri-Level. 4-3-2. Separate den. 
$43,5oo 466o797 
Bv owner. Moiling Ridge, Assume 
7N loon All brick 3-2-2, covered polio, laroe fam ily room. cut rte sac. app t only 4864474 

 b y o w w ? » : fld w ta v iE iw e r 
TATES, 3 2-2, Slav*, fenced, NS 
Schools, assume 7N $5o8o equity 
684 1997 
Bv ow ner, V ow nvlew C states, 
3-2-2. corner lot, w rought iron brick tenced. 2 patios, reusunaoie equity and assume 7S 484 57o6 weekdays 
4848491 art 
7om weekends g y-gW EafTr U n iv e r s itv guns 
3-2-2, paneled livin g oreo w ith tireptace. carpeted, lorge kitchen w ith p antry and 4x8 pass th ru window to oversized patio finished garage, fenced yard with garden and new storage shed, fresh paint inside ond out 
Under $4o,ooo 
4969632 i 7 -g WW ITB" ! ) n i v e r~*TT y ~5 o kT' 
3-2' »-2 oil brick, 3 story, walk to e le m e n ta ry school Low 48 s. 
49o-92o9 Weekends or ofter 3 JO 
^ o lilo rn lo io n le m p o ro ry 17 2 b rick aloes, single liv in g , tire place. Charter Oaks 494 8538 

4o5 EL PORTAL in P o p u la r H o llyw o o d P a rk . 
Lovely Quiet area, low taxes, w alking distance to re crea tio n ce n te r are lu s t a few of the 
Oluset' REDUCED FOR QUICK 
S A L E ' 3 2 den w ith fire p la c e . mint condition Drive by. call lo sue. 
822 1223 
828-2314 
1267334 

 and no down ta anyone, call 
344-5544 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
OR ^ N b l M d * ' W a llin , dis lance to 3 N E Schools, near bus ond malls. Well maintained brick, 
I bedrooms, large liv in g , den. built in kitchen, nice treed fenced 

Century 21 
ELAINE LUDWIO » ASSOC 
INVfesVofc or just a im o rl horn* buyer w ill grab this 4-3 b ric k hom e w ith fire p la c e , b a n t in bookcases, ond luxurious carpet rag th, ou'jro it. Near Mod Comer yard $37 *oo 494 7451 ANYTIME |o « lv $38,75o or assum e $312 monthly 481-8448 
RED CARPET 

Dixie Rose Realtor 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
Beautiful 4 bedroom home with circular staircase. Separate din rag, I baths ond a powder roam 
L a rg e den, m any oak tre e s 
341 7261, nites 342 68(9. Ask tor 
VIRGINIA NIENDOREF 

■ REALTORS SoTuai sot TRUST je r ^ R 's S W A * ! * , ' A c re s , 
I i i dflfcV. BEAUTIFUL ^ 6 nO I street tram high school. 2 story 
T IO N. 
C A R P E T E D 
OHL Y : rock will need remodeling Could 
$18,58o I BLK . OFF BLANCO j be 8 bedroom. 148o sa. lf home or 
RD Nites 454 4538 BR ENNS R I 4 unit opt Priced to seM, Call now 
REALTORS 3463471 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
HALE flg R l' ra'gosfir H ilis " ' 
« t* lT O R S 
Custom built I or 4 bedroom 
: 
J E F F E R S O N tr. levelI rock home, huge dome g n o s tic condition, all redwood. 
M room, fam ily oriented $14,988 
) j bedroom , 2 both w ith single 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

144 5544 Hart McCormick 344 2993, q ora g e 

HARMONY HIUS 

 i v v x . 
L a rg a liv tn a ro om , 
's e p a ra te d in in g HARDW OOD 

ENCHANTED FORES! 
L a rg e tw o s to ry , rocs hem e. located near Churchill H S This 4 bedroom, 2' > bath home teatures 

Attractive Home in choice neigh borhood I bedroom, 3 both. cen trot heat-on large covered patio, p riv a c y te nce, g a ra g e , neo r schools and shopping Ready lo occupy Good financing $19,$8o 
MONTE VISTA REALTY 

FLOORS thuru out Only $32,58o 
49o-9867 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
•j? F T t i; s K r 

Itving room, fa m ily room w ith ala fireplace, b u ilt in oooksholvee. balcony ort kingsized master be droom And much more Priced at 
$54,oo8 
Call today for on opp ointment. 

344-62o7, 4*4 433o A n y tim e 

Reduced lo $38,98o 
4S*-3S3S A n y tim e 
3 4 1-9 14 4 A N Y T IM E 

Guy Chipman Co 

 tivine r#om$. extra large living ro om , ta rg e te d th ru o u t. NC 

NAVE IT Y O U i WAY VA, FMA. 
Conv . or owner will finance at IS with $% oown This Petter thpn new 3-6-2 near Randolph ie priced rn ■ 
I csH 

 school dis! Assume or refinance. must sell No open Is please Call oner 5pm go# weekends 4567821 
Live Oak. or awner, 63-1. eauily n rd o\>o-nr_ *5 5 Iv.. 

 im Coil 873- 
ED GILBERT REALTORS 
NEW ON M AR KET Your kids 
WHI have lets of roam here This 4 bedroom home bos game room 
Plus study, fireplace rn large open 
I living area, over 245o sa lt. Chur­ chill Hi. $56. $o6. 

PERRIN PARK 
Deanie Owens Co 
Century 21 

L a rg e 3-2-2. m ea a la n , poet privacy tence Priced $35,88o 
ROSSI REALTY 
494-7781 

POPULAR AREA 
RED CARPET 

 below VA appraisal oooi to see 
126619$. REALTORS 

 rail new tar 

RED CARPET 

LIVE VRX VlllASE 
1373$ S A N D P IP E R . UNO new. 
3-3-3. la rg e fa m ily ream . fir - eeloce, co'Bed' oi ceilings, tenced yard. c o .tro d Baho Owner anx­ ious. Cauliv and assume IS, loan 

343 3H1 
RCALTORS 
494 27o2 
No dawn payment to anyone The 
Glen ) bedrrom . 2 bath central heat, appliances- air >24,77$ total 
Payments less than rent. 
BOB DEPAOLO 
3463691 
REALTOR 

Circle this ane to see Immaculate inside ond auf, 3 bedroom s, 7 

 a 
V 'l l « f I dC Vn«'idI * U11*1 iTv I roustc roam. in a stately setting on p riv a c y tenced [ V e S re M‘ti* w <>*•' 
* • " C,H 

REALTORS Randolph Otc 
T e r r-a n Rmt' T r w taTl T l lTTna roam with Hraplace. dining room, large fam ily roam with D'Hanis lite Hoof. Cent hoot and window units large lot with many (rats 
$39,5o6. 
624-4197 
No ogants 
Please t cb i e l i MiLL'nu;iTc~ roTrs~~) bedroom. 7' > boths with den and 

HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
•I lI-H H C H -M 6 6 w n 

 roam Live in San 
Mid 48 s does it 
349-434) ar 349-3S3S Anytime 

Anyone on luxury 3-2-2 in Leon 
Valley. Beamed dining, spacious liv in g , huge m a s te r, close ts galore, much more Only $35,975 
•36454$ 
Priokos Rlty 
454 4975 rT J T T n n jY T V F T T O T T c rrr 
C o m to rta b le ond g re a t to r 
■ ' 'r lam ing 14x19 tam ily room 
Study Firaataca I baths 3888 sa ft Ii vino ared Barn and stables 2 tread acras Reducad ta $6$.88o 

CAU NOW! 
Be the first to sae this immaculate 
I bedroom, 2 bath in a very de 
S trobic n e ig n b o r hood L e i ae famuy room, covered patio, and on extra feature is a utility sewing room 
$43,58o 
3474177, nites, 
4 $4-o333. 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR g « T H w e n -------------- 
Large 4 bedrooms- 3 'iB a th t. pius se parate gam e room in a irs 
Heated therm al pool and many extras $74,$66 Bv appl Jo Ann 
Spears Broker- Owner J42 677S 
■ c a s t l e h i l l s ! 

Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-N. West Off 
E N T M n r m r 
T T O ? i f 
Gracious living awaits you in this 
5 7 2 with balcony o verlooking tamily roam w<th 2-story ceiling 
P rofessionally landscaped and large pecan trees in backyard 
496 5271 (AN Y TIM E ) 

736o46$ REALTORS MLS 122-66/5 Specious bedrooms. 2 boths, lorge | 

 n u s s n s s c s j r , a is ? n y u u w i * ” 
Bay window in the com fortable living room ond lorge breoklosli urea a rt only a few at the ben : 

. u Y H ' f W 
H tl CAH! F 
342 3111 
REALTORS 
492^4741 sized master, covered boho, extra 
H'l L A T I § 'J ^ ^ ~~~'ktarade; iu s t ie d u c e d ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

(average home large Hying area. fireplace, king 

RED CARPET 

Spacious" 3-2-2 home with oil the comforts et country living Cete ve n ta n t lo c a tio n . E x tra s too numerous to list Over ' j ocra of 
•movmaat 834-8171 

E N j g v r n u i r v 'i . v j i w in.* spacious maintenance free town nome in p re s tig io u s H ID D E N 
CREEK 3 Bedroom. 2’ ; bdths. 2 living oreas fully carpeted Cos lorn chapes 
$46 ,sM 
494 7451 
ANYTIME 

7 Old Spanish houses, solid rock. 
734 acres of pretty land, Hill end 
V a lie v Oaks ond dear, g u e s t.... house, double garoge. pens andi shads, b o rn ,!' » miles North State 
Hwy 
IS E a stsid e, ow n e r fin anted Floyd Set agora $2156 per acre. *958448 h t * IT A a r T V ft r iT T E T u t V 
3 2 2, stove, re frig e ra to r, tire place carpets, air, covered patio 
No down, 
$375 closing 
May payment 
WAYNE SLATER 
694 7476 R E A LT O R 
Slater Realty i j i 6 b # t j m i r g 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
4965877 

LAND 'n GRAND 
Unusually large tai supports ail brick J bedroom mot sparklet like 
o diamond Large beamed den turmal living and dining Mid 3o s 
SANDISON REALTY 
*99 V7o1 
1 IT O fT P T T T O T IT O T r T K T 
■566-dan. • tot O' house end gar 
* 9* . 7e ia lB *h location plus! see it, buy it 
349 9278 '-duy and use your decor talents 
— j ta refinish 82645o7 

 tor < 

HELP! 
We need new h ttin brand now chants never bean so a sod 

 las to r our 
S a l t s n o v o 
NIBLOCK Q L T Y 653-1172 
L o o kin g F o r E a rly C e n tu ry 
Chare? See lovely spacious heme. used dc. pie a. historical area. 
Zoned I 
>. SM 
* * « ;» .. E M B REALTY 
686 1545 
LUXURY 3 ) 7 NO DOWN 

NO DOWN TO ANYONE 1-4 be dream s, f ir . appliances. F irs t 
Payment April 
332-94I4T8ERA RE ALT Y 24 MRS 
NO DOWN TO ANYONE 
4 7 I, larg e din in g grea. huge b ric k 
BBG, privacy tenced $34o me 

Deanie Owens Co 
• K A I IQ B V IW M I 
QI. 

I Practically New I lia r* MC list with a r! 

HUGHES A BRISCOE 
9264131 
REALTORS 

ROSSI REAL TY 
494-7761 

Buy bc'ore we Hst with a realtor, lorge 66-3, Between Pf Som and 
Ronda yh . 
Law equity now, 

TERRELL RIUS” 
Price reduced en this large 4 be a roe in, 3 Bath heme, newly paint ad inside ond out updated k it­ chen quick possession Call tor datoils 822 3161 

 eel 

HIGH ON A HIU 
Just Listed. 3 Bedroom I Bath double ca rate hen*#- Beautifully kepi Large living grog Assume m onthly paym ents et $264.$6 
$14.9M Nights. *$6861$ 
616)461 
DON JOHNSON. RS AL TORS 

 ta A ny ana! Mute fam ily roam with woeo-Bumtng fireplace, air, carpet, in Converse. $32$ manta! 
"NORTHEAST” 
PRICE REDUCED 

HARTMAN REALTORS 
T i r r a r n r 

KorZekWa Realty 349-3151 
A i n narjf w t r o root b u . earn tor the Knowledgeable, Lean Val ley, 63-2 ever 7o6S a FI $41,96o 
Assume 686 8774 conventional 
A f T B'IC T IVE i I i /.repToce livmg ream 4 den, carpel, mere 
$17,ISO To see new 
! 
INTERSTATE 878-o755 til I pm 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

3 2 2, fireplace, greenhouse. many ether extras $64,ooo 
494 3*41. ANYTIME 

 end 

Ita 'A B M lW g'E'u i T g n h'5 M? 
Only minutes to Medical Center, elegant structural features you must sot. brick. 3 2-den. delightful g ard e n fe a tu re s rn ond auf, re du ce d to low SO'i, o w n e r leaving 8264)87 

E V E R Y T H I N G * 
J Bedroom I Beths. 7 car forage liv in g ream, fa m ily roam w ith fire p la ce F o rm o l d in in g Just 
$44,5oo 341 2322 Anytime. 

GAU REAL ESTATE 
REQUA REALTY CO 
^ r r r m 
Y 
! --------- 
I Charming hr location 62. sapar 
'ate livin g dining ream , ce ntra l 
Pr 

HILLCREST PARK 
Super view (tom spacious 67 cor, den. EXTRA NICE 
341 4455 
REALTORS 
824 4/14 

 heat an Priced taw 3o s tar quick sale 874 3233. 1)64849. 127 69/S, 
822-61o3. 8367314 
M ine Sale DRE RuuRurs 

MACARTHUR HIGH DISTRICT 
Ne dawn anyone Clean rack from 
4 Bedrearns, 2 Betas, garage, den. 
Irving room. f ir . privacy fence 

Charming home, 3-2. with large family and living combe Vaulted 
<etimgs, only J veers old. Priced 
MacArthur Schools in )6‘s. Call us tar aetaiis 
MAC ARTHUR SCHOOLS 
M 

Beau!ital J bedroom heme rn Bast 
T e rre ll H ills, ce n tra l bool a ir. freshly painted, awner anxious 
Will lease with option la Buy 
$24. ego 
COMPASS REALTY______ 
494 '*81 494 3812 
I 

SISO is all the cash needed 3 lorge bedrooms, t 'r 
Baths double garage, range gen dishw asher, re frig e ra to r, ta r bago disposal $77$ mo Total 

AUSTIN STONE 
Large I 2 2 home, 27o8 sq acres. SHAVANO PARK 
494 5281 494 2843 
HILL COUNTRY REALTORS 

 ft en 3 
RfUUA REALTY CO 

^ i _ 
X . . 
A -J 
341 4435 
REALTORS 
83i 

S y TEAL, REALTOR!. 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

IE AL ESTATE 7)3 2918, 732 SJ35 

KEY (ROOP 

Custom reek Barbeau# git Lorge v $237 monthly H urry! 
6 
* 11o11 
- i i i 2! ^ poilu Only 
You w ill Be d e lifh te d w ith tats home in WinPser Square Cenote! 

' h is t o r ic a l AREA* 
Sr wheeling H sus, priced se that 
•sn Ie h - ------ veu may timed Ie suite your (asta. 
Old Brick, eld deers Bi cetanes, hardwood hears, Hr em ote with eld mantle etc Please call us tar details 866 316) 

MAC ARTHUR TERRACE .4 be dr bom. 2 Beth nome Bes tor me) living, dining reams Family ream has cathedral cetane tiregtacel 
o49, SM 
REALTORS 
82694)1 

 mg of 3 Bedrooms, lovely T e rrin e cair entry, Bt ice is right Ceil 822 )381 

“ PURRFECT" o real cal* meow! 
This 3 bedroom. 2 Beta beauty, fireplace divides tar mal living dining area tram fam ily room, mastar suite h i tar a queen 

M i n g OI S l i m .. 
I..... ond rn im ming? rand 

HARTRUM REALTORS 

 ta/m . j:? UHL Rtanbi-i 
MON I V MOONS I ■ k C I a I 
Ntce I Baar aam home, cambiata wtln refrigerator 

Guy Chipman Co 

MARYNKINT 

NORTHEAST SCHOOLS NO Cl 
TY TAXES I bedroom, I Beta. 
Bouet# garoge The comfort et a tor moi and informal living areo in ana the en icy rn en! of e comate!# 
Iv co vere d lum ne s u e p o lio 
Priced rn the mid 16 s. 6S6/717 

RED CARPET 
343 )111 
REALTORS 
4961858 

Lnd wen! to eniev the EASY (.IPE? ... Then see this lu xu ry garden hem e! 
Exceptionally appointed proper ta Smell yard tar the lazy living ond a beautiful swim peat tar ax ercise ond entartemmen! $43.88# 
EASY ASSUMPTION! I l l #34), 
351K 

 rend# and air conditioning Located ort P errin tenet Rd and iheuseed Oaks Dr. 
First time offe red Only $13>*M 
OLD FARM ll 
Spotlessly clean 61-2 heme with 
• erg# den, sfene fire p la c e , privacy fenced yard ond mony custom matures Only 648,9M os tune Convention#! 
FOX RUN 
Like new 4 7 2 nome with large fa m ily ream fireplace, (e n n u i living and dining ream. ell Brick wdh many custom features . eely 
$52 9o6. reasonable eeudv 

Picture yourself rn tau beautiful custom heme on large oak treed, professionally landscaped let 
Heated pawl with Saltillo tile. huge patio ideal tor pntertaramg Large rooms. 66 1 825 4571 

Century 21 
James Otasceck 6 A*ioc 

- r9t< 
_ home with mony luxury teatures 
4 Bedrooms }' i betas, plus study and 26' re c ream 
B u ilt ins throughout F irg g lg ca Serine ta re d g re u n d t, NE schools 
16oS Br lek 
In 
W in d c re s t 
8258131 ANYTIME 

C u m u lu s A 

 t m r l r i n f t 

M is * C H V REALTORS 

Century 21 

MADOW WOO MQAIH 
Vacant 4 Bedroom 
I living area 
, in aglee# utmost new • carnel h rt’ M B M i 
NORTHEAST s c h o o ls 
Bes* assumption taw egudv • •* . 

#959344 
342 4184 
CLINT WEILBACHER 

NORTHEAST SPECIAL 
A ttra c tiv e I ii. droom 
2 beth heme jus) aemied inside end out 
N E School* consonant Ie Ft 
Sam one Rundown $21,158 Niles. 
45669M 

DOH JOHNSON, REALTORS 

ROSOW & KLINE 

 rvos*SF2448^ ^ B 
Associates 
!7 T T T T S * T T 7 l 
I maintained 3 bedroom. 2' i beta townhouse Fireplace in liv in g room. beautiful kitchen toed po he Mu in Ion on I* We et $36 IS per me o tte rs m a in te n a n c e fre e grounds swim ming pool, axer cue room and party roam Can vaeBenel Hueneme available Ceil 
126-6121 ANYTIME 

AWE-FULLY NICE 
T ru ly e x c e p tio n a l 4 bedroom name in b ea u tifu l OAK GLEN 
PARK Outstanding am enities! 
$82,588 Please call! 
341 4491 
Nites 735187, 344 1481 
GEORGE FLOOD. REALTOR 
E A M T O E W fflT U fo n U m .n 't 
Ie UTSA USAA Medical Center 
Low cosh assumption Lovely 4 bedroom. I ' i bota, central heal air and appliances Easy (arms 
$24$ per me. Will trode 
ROB OePAOLO 
344 3891 
REALTOR i E IU T ir U L M L U r . U S T T H 
4 bedrooms. I i Bota Large den 
Must see ta appreciate 694 7485 or 4967141 
A l H H H 

CHARM is the word far tau 2 bedroom 7 bota, separate dining roam, mc# carpel, end garage with electric a genet 
Ruby 
Wright 
344 2341, 
347 5647 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

I 
N dR TU s*O fl SCHOLS, 3 bedroom . I ' i baths, o nly DOU down No credit?. No p rob le m 1 
923 I?OS 474 73o9 4764714 
PAT MCVEY PEAL ESTATE 

KEY SHOUP 

CHARTER OAKS 
G orgeous I b edroom , lu x u ry noma, with a ncouv ruem ar of fica, OPEN LIVING AREA, tire place, delightful kitchen with dog bbl oven, custom didoes. ALL IN 
LIKE NEW CONDITION 341 73o< 
OLIVE EIZZELLE 

FIRST TIME 
For Sale in W h ispe ring O ak* 
C ustom b u ilt c o n te m p o ra ry 
Enormous living and outer level lib r a r y have d u a l F ire pla ce 
Sepurte dining, open stairs lead lo upper p la y ro om 2 la rg e be 
Broom s, gorgeous d o w n sta irs master, fens et e xt!a *. Ask tor 
Beth Tote 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

HoUYWooo PARK 
Lovely executive home only I veer eld. m assive sunken den. with won et solid brick surround rag fireplace, com edial ceiling 

LEON VALLEY 
Large tenced yard surrounds I bedroom heme with bel I room size den Fermat Hying, double g a r­ age Assume U lti mo 
SANDISON REALTY 
#99 9261 im I t A liV S H * V T T 
__________ w 
;ie o n 6-3-6. targe m a ste r be with beams, tam ily style kitchen; dream, central oir-heet, nothing w ith large breakfast greo. 4 be down ta anyone! M LW ) dreams. I separata with tun bath 196519o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 
J other full bota* I ' i e cu let 
COMPASS REALTY 
494 1481 494 3817 

 freed 
LIFE DOESNT AL WAYS 
•G in , al 48 Try 129,988 Own 

Century 21 

 n tC .N ut hi Tr * I .-9 you O iw ir' 
■ m u s t sen this lovely 4 bemourn J u rn I u ia iftA fi A lo w r»oih home with living ream tai a I n u l l YWUUU “ A n il kuchen, privacy (enc* end ita l lo ts of roam in ta u 3 eediearn age building located near UTSx heme. 2 liv in g areek, c e n tro ! USAA ond Medical Center Boff# heal air ) bonus rooms tai ye lo! cull t o d a y 

■ ralT w iT K T unS T n marble roman tub. separate by rag dining roam . huge glass en closed, tam ily room with wet bor 
Bv opp! only 344 >3o# 

REALTORS 5# Years et TRUST 
RENT WITH OPTION TO BUY 
3 1 I single living area, range with vent Goad assumption owner will onside# second loin ll? SM 
456 2717 
R P M L IU .N I 

KFY CRIMP 
CSSt8£Y«?' 
■ llv I 
U I I U U I 
. l i / I r i r s Man111 r .'.'-jT rT T r'-' . 

NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 

™ 
WHITEHEAD HOLIDAY I 
H IM 11 
B i AL T O H 

 h i u n u m Kins 
IIM* H f «•***•* ll* 
o*4 Nimilw 

SIRI MONTH i tau z n v a taal 

I i beth beme tty ream sager buy 

^ 
_ I__ tm . 4 bedrooms ond I Botas tire anils. piece. 2 central noel a ir 
(ere# peel aftydC V 
(once 

Turner Realty 

Assume this ?% va teen w in I 
Bedrooms, I b o m i and single aurae* Lovely established Fate field Area Very neat end clean heme 
656 )899 A n y tim e 

 t uvelv J bern « with !«*)« tom et 
666-3o9o A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
RfcA$ TUBS Perrin Bedel OU 

 h 6 
7 i r i l B a f 
'T u M r i er cen tir u c tie n o v a lity end lu iu r v thruput M ultiple star age Brees. lite B e lie , g a rd e n k itc h e n 
3 
Spec taws Bedr earns mid t ‘ < Botas 
O w n e r w ill s a c rific e C u llo m dieges and NMM fu tu re tar need otteri (BM 1359161 A N Y T IM E 

• THIS IS SELECT • w ith heeled oooi in g r ie tc v grounds Large Brick ra m ble r, euekfy Built I Bedrooms, 2 Betas, etas quarters, beta Family ream 
(FP, tor raze fleered). Ba* Bergen ream Liym g and dining reams 
Mony burtfras I 'M OM In Nertb weed Estates Blo IM ) 

M 3 BEDROOMS! 

3 4 RATHS! 
S/9,MG IO $ m , OOO' 

B H H INURES! AVAIL! 
BAK VALLEY OARCREEK NWI f medals open deify spacious 

JOHN FLOURNOY HYC 

CHURCHILL HI I 
M A NT E O F O B I s l 
J 
IN C H 
2 i 
1976 se H , pig* putfO, tireptace above pound paul lew $58 I 341-8U32 Bv ow 

HOGARD T A f f H i Al TOW 'b 
H BT T Tr o i SU H A B B E? 
• SPRING SALE • 
Near Medical Complex andduect lq KeUv end Lackland Gracious 
66*6, den (FP. vaulted t eumu) 
M a ste r bed re e m in s e n a te !# wine Electric ihrueul Large tot un cut de sec $44,788 U t 234? 

 super buy below I Mi 88o 
COMPASS K l ALTY 
494 1481 494 M il 

 h o i L V W M B flA ttV ' T y.Y vV itai 

694-43)o 344-62o7 A n v tim g 

 nos been trying tar a luting Uke! tau ond we gat It! We re grogging abuut the 4 lorge bedroom s. I deluxe botas, ureal den. lovely let A charmer it un# 

Deanie Owens Co 
REAL lORS Bandera Rd OOf 

 you 
1 ever see* 

CLOSE TO MEO CENTER 4 be 
B loom s. 3 baths, la rg e liv in g area t i t . SM Cull ne 
(ft 

 liielma B Pressman 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
494 1658 

INTERSTATE 816671$ hi 8 SZL 

*pecipli|ing pi ec taut living, or gim p! I 
Qui vane# Jackson will if adv mile tram 41E 

Deanie Owens Co 
■» f r a t a i*. 

MI 16SHSI i l l in 4 e t u i AP hum ps# to ce 
IS I i i 1644 
I ANCI HIW 

I P * * W 

BIRR 

. * i 

 u f f i r i f f 
» v o io v r ^ k t 
«educed price, thew era s e ita is l men new cest 
UM sp rf ll* *«9i 

I riel 
S a ltin e e n try tarpghag 
I Bedr pern I I bum 

Pilings geld shoe 

KINDER 

I « s r r y * 

C M FURR CD. 
|lUinu N6r th vide IJJ | 

COLONIAL VILLAGE im b u ilt b td u titu i dt tar i i i 
; ».t « 

C uslem end target. m p ei 
■ rge bedieums J luxury Betas- I hreeiaces. centre) heat en 
Leis leis u t ms Ceil 
634 64*17Niles #74 6/44 

134.TM 
REAL (O B I 
PSE ?M/ 

 isi SWKMH I yr l i t 
USM oramtv 
Firm Guy Chipman Co 

 a i m 
L ar 
, 
T 
M i l l 
) B#drearns I i Beths I trgebcMse air. cargefs S II 388 
Ber gem Term* 
WAV NE SS ATER esp ism 
1 1 Ac YOB 
M *ra in 

 ow u t sq rt 1 1 1 I yrs eld IF N w i i 
Assume $367 per me Ne agents 
I I I 7471 y g f f i T o A K i r i ; ewM?: .m macuteU P l I, farm #! living dm mg u * ik fam ily ream with fir# 
U M I Metar# frees large let leis st#'ap# im m ediate occupancy 
Must see Ie eg»fecieie #•« 379} 
184J rarest MOM $44,8M 
~ r w r n r B i f ! 
Ait ar KS ) Bedreem . I Bams gar ae# end lendsceeed ta tu n Ned' Mod Cental tat ilifu s esqduBly e$4 1134 

HOLLYWOOD PARK veu ve come a lone way baby and you d e se rve the b e s t' I bdrms 3 betas, with eh ta# beau 
(ital extras taut ieM sun should tor details provide tor you 814d in , Nile* 
455 M il 

LIKE NEW? 
3 bedreem 2 Bath with new heel and arr new living ream carpel n e * •lu n g , new covered petro new privacy toned. Conventual locate#. IT'S SH ARP! $34,968 
46 1 6)62 nites 497 t i l l 
BILL SOUTHEBN REALTOR l iTRT" r S - L "f V l " "CW""fHAUfa 
STATION? M i l l gel 1 1 2 1s 
Beta with in opiates tam ny room ond tats OI carpeting Cad iou av 
I f i - M 
434; 

RED CARPET 
R ID C A S P I! 
REALTOR! 

REAS TORS 

 zxt 

N ew HOLLYWOOD PARK 
LISTING vie gen I I 

T 
« w m y j a m m r 

 star * ceelem geruiy en ta treed g c re s 4 s e a d o g s B edrggm s g em ereem liv in g end d in in g rSTONIS with tum ult.* views, gout nspl kitchen wtta Jena Aire tenter g u ie weed dace g y g rio e h in g 
MAGNI? i( EN r i*O Oi 
_______ 
C A L L 664 S II I 

BrwlNr 
M M K 
J Bedreem tTi Beta with tar«e tynced yard Ah eeeuem es r« lr ip e r e le i. 16a76 gam y r eem 
824.SM FHA VA 
SANDISON REALTY 
*99 TMI 
! ^ ^ m v T 
C r r T 
T v ....... 
Ne down ta enyene' 
Rfivecy tent* 
SAP*TOUS tutee 
•a eiera. uesmranee e«t«hen w 
» fW 
4 m 4*% m w % m * r n 
A r m s t r o n g C o taTmc Hert'SdC yrrnq 

.Au JM M 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-K lEW S— Sunday March 6 I 9 7 7 

212 * MMRS-NOimiWEST 

BY O W N ERS 

3523 S U 6 A M U - Summit beauty offers 4 bedrooms, plus study. 3 VS baths and separate utility room 
Separate livina, dining ond 
12*19 den with i'leokK*1 Comer lot! $53,9oo 
696-7327 342 9393 
LA U M I M U S 
9234 RANCHERO 
- Professionally landscaped lot features a priwte courtyard 
This 3-2-2 with 192o sa ft. is entertainment luxury! A must see! $53,5oo 
496-4235, 342 
9393. t CHUNG MOC* - 443o LAM 
RETH • Skylighted kitchen is one of the unique of this 3-2-2 home with convenience to UTSA, 
USAA, ond Mod Center! Im­ maculate condition! 
$48,9oo. 
484-79o3. 342 9393 
L IC E N S E D B R O K E R S 

Sf son antonio 
H homeowners 
A association 

$1 M O V E IN V A 
5 % DOWN CONVENTION A l 
NO P IT IU K T H U A PMI 7 7 
3 ond 4 bedroom plans $34,95o to $43,95o. AH homes feature energy saving package, centro! heat air. carpet end hondctttf ted woodbummg fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef all electric kitchen, ond 2 cor garages 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OREN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN C R E E K 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 
I 

2 1 2 
H O M ES N iiR T H W tSf 

ONLY ? 
LEFT 

Must see this beautiful landscaped. 
I living area, 4 bedrooms, 2 bath home to believe 
Located in prestigious OAK CW IK on extra forge wooded lot 
This home features: wall to wall carpeting, 
Magic Chef oil electric kitchen,' energy saving package, electric' garage door, handcrafted wood 
Durning fireplace plus mony other extras. 

1615 COPPfRFltlD RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Coll m e today 
Jim P asse l! 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 

JEFF AREA 

3 forge bedrooms, I both, 

 separate living and dining 

 room, very low exterior 

 maintenance. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A LT O R S v 349-1121 

212 KOMES NORTHWEST 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 

Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with 2-cor garage, large' family room with fireplace, sunken living room with brick ac­ cent wall and covered patio for outdoor living One block from elementary schools 

GERONIMO FOREST 

 large 3 bedroom. 2 bath, oil brick home on a tonier lot over un acre in site with mony beautiful trees, lovely cathedral beamed family room with fireplace 
Over-site double garage. Mony extras. 

BLOSSOM PARK 

 lovely 3 bedroom. 2'/r boths, fully carpeted townhome with fireplace Nearly 16oo sq. ft of living area Walking distance to tennis court and pool. 

FOR o n Alls AND VIEWING 
CAU 342-4115 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

HARMONY HILLS 

No dow n to Vets for this 3 

 bedroom, ? bath home; dou­ 

 ble car garage, fenced ond 

 carpeted, for only $4o,85o. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A LT O R S 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

2 1 2 - H O M ES NQ BTH W LST 
2 1 4 
H o 9 S f S SOUTHEAST lit - HMSEi-iOUTHWtST 
218 MUSES SOUfflVKST 

B IN D W O O D E S T A T E S 
Custom built, rock home, 3 or 4 b ed room s. 3 la rg e baths, huoe den with wetbar and fireplace, big covered patio, looking over J ’/i acres of trees. Only *74,5oo. 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
Hom e sweet hom e in this beauty. 
3-2-2 plus office, big den with fire­ p la ce , a ll c a rp e te d , p r iv a c y fenced around shady yard. oil for 
*44.9oo. M edical area. 
C A N T E R H E L D 
I of the oreat finest hom es 4-2-2, lorgc den and living, big covered patio. A must tee in the low 4o's. 
B R A U N ST A T IO N 
Surrounds this brick 3-2-2. large den and m o n y e xtras. A ssu m e low interest note, this w on't last long 

C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H E A O -H O L T .IO A Y 

3 ACRES 
HILL COUNTRY 
VILLAGE 
With secluded 3 bedroom, 2 both, study ond game room home plus 
17x35 swimming pool Reduced for immediate sole Coll for deb 

REACTORS 

3 4 9 1 4 3 6 

EXECEPTIONAL 
BUY! 

Almost 18oo sq ft in this 3 bedroom, 2 both, fireplace, double garage with door opener; ap plionces. Immediate possession, Coll today to see1 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REA LT O R S , 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

M d N T E V IS T A " 
Just I isled 
C harm ing I story rock 
3 Bedroom s 
2 Baths 
Form ol ond Inform al D ining 
Fireplace Living Area 
P lus 
2 Story, I bedroom , I 
Bath studio apartm ent 
Completed with kitchen, 
Dining ond Livin g Area 

>24 ot2t A N Y T IM E 

O isK C R E E K NW 
Elegant En glish Tudor in prestige area 2 story, with 4 bedroom s. la r g e g a m t r o o m . 3 '? b a t h s 
Lovely heated pool. *97,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
491-13oo 
C en tu ry 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A A SSO C 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
4-2-2. B ig leisure room 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
S63J C h a rlie C h on , D e lig h tfu l, spacious Spanish Contem porary. 
Reduced to *42,5oo. H u rry !!! 
736 oo1$, 696 o437, 699-COT J 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R 
Realtor 

W I H A V I IT I 
• New Orick Homer on Aer. 
• og* 
• tree thinking Vin-,, 
• Wooded Siree fo r e e iV A C t 
• 4 Choko North Communities 
(Including Now trauntol,) 
• Low Toro, Make eaty Pur­ chase Tom,* 
• 17oo Se. Ft. Living . 3 Cur 
Garage *37 3oo 
I Cor 
Garage *49.71o. 
Search Tho Homo Market Over 

36(o Se. Ft. living 
, * U 9 . 7 ~ 

THIN C H US. $ w i n 
C () 

4 9 2 1 - 1 6 7 2 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

OAKS! OAKS! OAKS! 
L o c a te d a p p r o p r ia t e ly in E n ­ chanted F o re st It m ay be 7 years old, but looks like new Brand new c a r p e t in g , b u ilt in s G a lo re ! 
M ic r o - w a v e o v e n , etc., 4-2-2, 
Priced in 4C's. 
349 S il l or 349-3S3S Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N Central Ole 

 o f * B a n d e r a r d in L e o n 
Volley. 3-2-2, carpets No down to onyone. 1st paym ent M a y t 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
496-742o 
R E A L T O R 
484 6169 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
View of the city from balcony of this 2 bedroom, 2 both con dominium Beouhfully decorated with csutom drapes and carpeting (quipped kitchen ond woshei ond dryer $31,5oo Niles 
656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

ROLLING RIDGE 
R K T OeTiWNG 
Preferred schools 4- community pool 4- Medical Center oreo * a cinch to pleose for this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o'*. 
Kingsize • Peer price: Must see 
198? sq ft. to appreciate ap­ praisal in Glon Oaks of $39,ooo 
---------- 
699-1ooo 
DIANI E 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— M IS 
Turtl# Creek Ole. 

SMART BUYER? if you ore ond you're looking for a 
3 bedroom, 2 both with o corner 
I fireplace for only *33,9oo, S E E 
TH IS! Form ol dining room, utility room, privacy fenced yard, on a cul-de-sac. It 's N eot! 681-3222, 
I rotes, 492-1113 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

S P A C E S P A C E S P A C E 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
! Approx '« acre, (corner lot), oaks 
* galore, ideal fam ily home, 4 be- 
; droom , 3 bath, stud y or office, 
. large den with fireplace, form al 
, liv in g ro o m and d in in g ro o m , 
| priced onlv 156,5oo. Ask tor 
' 
Jean M artin 344 2341, 494 2o27 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
S T A G E C O A C H H IL L S 
Approx 2.8 acres, 3-1' j-2, trees, lots of sooce tor horses. S59.9oo 
684-47478. Zotler, B roke rs!)!-!**? 

681-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
W IN D W O O O 
S p a c io u s 4 b e d ro o m , 2 '> bath home on 2 + acres R anch styling with Spanish influence. Lowered, open beam ed, accent a ra ise d breakfast oreo. *72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U O W IG 6 A SSO C . 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
T H IS IS A B E A U T Y ! 
4 bedroom s (or 3 ond an office), se p a ra te d in in g , la r g e liv in g room, den, central heat-air, ex­ tras 
$42,5oo 
341-72o1, rotes 
341-8294 
JUHN FLOURNOY INC 

Y O U P R O M IS E D H E R W H A T ? A rose garden? We hove it with an elegant, oil brick 3 bedroom home with a fireplace and a kitchen in 
Harvest gold. 
$41,7oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

A L L B R I C K 
L arg e 2 bedroom hom e in H ig h ­ lands. Has separate dining room. detached garage with w orkshop 
FH A , *19,5oo. Coll 344-o47o or 
349-3263. in v e s t m e n t R e a lt y C o 

ON W.W. WHITE RD. sxbnately S wow* In The 
A pproxim ately S serer city inclu d et maunmmy 
2 or 3 b e d ro o m , J 

Al 

 binotion , carpel, boot end 

! w 
? o J ^ M ^ m 'S n o . o o o 
I m m N I heme end geed vestment. 
(ROMANOS 
N ew listing near 
Inn. bedroom with Family rat large bination, - a lr, single | 
532-5245 kite 333-3988 
DIANI!! 
OWENS CO. 
REALTOR-MIS 
$. EAST O K. 

N E W L IS T IN G ! M odest bitt cute, off W W. White Road. Spaciou* 2 bedroom , living room , separate dining, large kitclfen and eating area, textone and beautiful knotty pine interior walls, extra large lot o n d s h a d e tre e s. See to a p ­ preciate. Onlv *17,ooo 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S-SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 

O F F B L A N C O - 2-1-1, p a rtia lly fu r n is h e d h o m e 
L o w e q u ity , m o n th ly 
*1 2 o 32. 
*1 5,75o 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
T A T E 732 2918, 732 5355, 228 92o1, 
732-7184 
Oft T im b e r C re e k. 4-1'>-1, air, sto v e . 
1275 to to l m o v e in. paym ents $245. 
674 6124________ R A E Real Estole 
O F F V A N C E J A C K S O N 
3 2 1, den, e x tra nice. C a ll a n y tim e 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355, 228 91o4 

A HONEY FOR THE 
MONEY 
Would you believe that you ton own o 2 story, 3 bedroom, 2Vt both home with oil appliances, carpeting, boleony ond covered patio for only 
$239 month ond equity of only 
$475o? Coll to see TOOAY! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 
V 

S U N S E T H IL L S 
E x t ra nice 3 b e d ro o m , 2 both h o m e 
C e n t ra l h e a t o n d a ir, 1 com p le te ly re m o d e le d kitchen with m icro wave. $3o,9oo 
R L A C T O R 
491-13oo 
C entury 21 
E L A IN E I U O W IG 6 A SSO C 
S U P E R B U Y 
R Y O W N E R , O A K M E A D O W 
Beautiful, large 2-storv, 4-2-2, 2 yr old home. L arg e corner. E x tra s galore. Excellent condition. Only 
36J.9oo 492-2924 
_ 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

R E A L T O R S SO Y e ars ol T R U S T 
M o n t i c e l l o h g t s 
H om ey, corner. 3 b e d ro o m , In perfect condition, lorge living and dining, scre e n e d porch, pretty tree shaded yard Only $28,*oo 
C L O S E TO M E D IC A L C O M P L E X 
Low tax area, lovely corner hom e with w orkshop 3-2-2, living and den, assum e paym ents under $21o or new loan Low 3o's. 
G L E N O A K S 
J beauties, both vacant and both corner, J bedroom . 2 both or 2 with la rge den. sh ad e v ya rd , I block from bus and stores. A s ­ sume paym ents under $24o 
Century 21 whitehead Holiday 
684-1711 
R E A L T O R S ! 
N A f I v E ' T f '6 U ¥ : J b e c o o m . '? bath hom e with 21oo sa ft on 8 forested acres, lust o h 16o4 Quick possession! 481 o66o 
RED CARPET 
Near Anodic rn Center, spacious 3 bed room hom e w ith fire p lac e , central heal air and m ony extras 
O ve r 1o.o8o sa It and m id 4 o $ 
49o 922o, Hiles 696 *187 
BILLY FELLOWS 

O N L Y $37,9oo huv« this super Shenandoah 1-2-2 ; with central heat and air, h u q r den. fir e p la c e o n d c a t h e d r a l ceiling Coll now 
B E A U T IF U L V IE W from this Bulverde Hills 3-2-2 on I acre with covered patio, central heat and air ond oil appliances 
Cod todav 
JU S T L IS T E D 
L o ve ly J bed room . 2 both with c e n tra l h e a t a n d a ir , la r g e covered patio and fam ily room 
For onlv *32.ooo 
494-5571 
H IT E S 656 4189 
C entury 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

OVER1 ?ACRE 
4 bedroom s. 2 boths ond parquet floors Architect s personal home 
P o p u la r , s p a c io u s H o lly w o o d 
Park oH ers you g ra cio u s living 
See this hom e today! 
149-4341 or 149-1535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blonco R d Ole 
Owner. 12-2, Bobcock North, liv­ ing dining. den, drapes, carpet, cov patio, g a s grill, p riv fence. 
*12,SOO. *251 m o *9 * 3191 

N E A R 
W O N D E R L A N D 
Su p e r cleon. all ro o m s are sp a c io u s. 2 b e d ro o m , den, se p a ra te d in in g room . kit chon. m any cabinets, oaroae. w orkshop V A F H A Can Oioa 

ERA 
532 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
673-o1o8 

N I A l Ikr O N D E R I A n 6 
I $ T . 
*3 3 .9 *o 
A c r o s s fro m B a s k in I 
Clem Near Longfellow and Jot 
H r von 
Shown bv appt 
Owner I 
732 39o1 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
I bedrooms, I n a im large dress mg area rn m aster bedroom, cen trot air and heat Lots of built ms, tovorod patio. This oil brick home is in an excellent location, extra I large lot Only $35 OOO 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
O SS-3584 
N ile s 
655-2754 
$31,45o ' N K W h 6 m E Soonish 6t sig n C u rv e d d riv e w a y e n te rs overaw ed double towage 
Bully 
•an otia fom ily room »##% V A 
Quick m ove rn Pies! paym ent in 
M a y 11 82o-4341. av et 14I-o4U 

Commis tteseciaies 
« r W T ff M A fe M < f ---------- 
3 2 hom o with study or sth be d ro o m E x c e lle n t co n d itio n , a good buy m this M edical Cantor location Convell ion! to shooting s c h o o ls a n d re c r e a tio n O n ly 
1)4.9o4 assum e Conventional y i m l s s s v a l u e 
Older I bedroom home with nard wood Hoers, largo rooms, formal liv in g on d d im n q room , la rg e c o v e r t # gotta, fe n c e d y a rd , se p arate g a ra g e O nly *21,94o, open form s 

OWNER DYING to m ove to the country, m ake this hom e yo u r ow n I b e d ro o m s. 2 boths. separate dining, detached garage. 
Jotter son areo. only 
*24,5oo 
Beryl W eigand 344 1341. 342 4445 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

O W N E R T R A N S F E R R E D 
I See lo appreciate. 3 bedroom . I bath home, Spacious den, newly 
[ rem odeled, la rg e kitc h e n w ith 
I d is h w a s h e r, a s s u m e o u r low 
I equity Of *35oo at *223 o m o , ; 
N E ISD. ll ll G reenacres 141 1811 ! 
I Oft 5 lOgm_______ 
I 

PANORAMIC VIEW 
B Y O W N E R 

| D is t in c t iv e e x e c u tiv e c u sto m b ric k . F r e n c h c o n t e m p o r a r y townhouse design, terraced rock. double lot (no g ra ss), 27oo sa ti 
I 4 l l. s p ira l s ta irc a s e to enter- ; foramen! loft overlooking 2o x 24 den, 2 upper 3o’ o o c ks ottering panoram ic city view M a n y lux u ry tooturos. im m aculate con di­ tion Babcock R d and Loop 41o areo 
4142 H IG H S IE R R A 
Reduced $1o,ooo to $82,5oo 
B y oppJ. Owner, 494-1137 

~ P A R K F C k f c S T 
E xcoptional homo. nestled under the o o h s' Traditional 1 3 2, O N E 
L IV IN G with fire p lace , fo rm a l ararao Custom built m s Load s of 
Storage i 
M O R E tram 
SSI. SOO 
69o-9882 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

PATIO HOMES 
1 1 1 in Babcock North, handy to 
U T SA U S A A En e rgy savor, built in kitchen *1o,6*o v a ( h a E n c 
Naaoi. *o6-SHO. *96 IM I. 

(O V E R *1oo.ooo) 

IO 
A C R E S 
W IT H 
L A K E o v e rlo o k in g entire city L a r g e welt m aintained older home. pool, kennels and out buildings. N E I 
Schools 

S E C L U D E D C U S T O M C O N T E M 
H O R A R Y in M a r y m o n t o re o 
D e c k s ond patios su rro u n d gar geous free-torm pool. V e rsa tile and unique plan includes exercise room, loft, ond c h ild le s s playr oom 
B roch ure available upon reauest. 

2 A C R E S W IT H G O L F C O U R S E 
V IE W 
5 b e d ro o m s, 3 ‘ » b o th s 
Outside deck off living nnd lei m oi dining ror.rns. C heerful gourm et kitchen-breakfost area overlooks stone patio and garden 

C O L O N IA L E L E G A N C E 
5 or 6 b e d ro o m s p lu s q u a r t e r s 
B ig country kitchen, gra cio u s living ond b a n a u e t-siie d in in g room 
Beam ed cathedral ceiling in den 
New o v e r-su e d pool E x c lu s iv e 
Castle Hills Estates 

B L U F F V IE W S c a p tu re d from a lm o st e v e r y ro o m 
D e s ig n e r built and decorated 4 bedroom , 
Study, garnet oom. pool, ond 1-car garage Hollywood P o rk 

C U S T O M S P A N IS H Close to M ed 
Center end U T S A s b e d ro o m s plus study, large pool ond sauna, lovely co ve re d patio, sun deck and rock patio on 2 tree studded lots 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K , over 4ooo sq.ft. rock contem porary on lot ga cul de sac lot with room tor pool and tennis court 

E L M C R E E K Indoor outdoor liv­ in g w ith g la s s , w ood, h ig h ceilings, I bed room s and study 
Jenn-Air center in kitchen 
C A L L 494-5227 
Arm strong C o 

 p r e s t i g i o u s c a s t l e 
P A R K spacious, att brick home with 3 bedroom s. I ' > boths, bonus room ond fo rm a l livin g, dim nq ro o m s! F a m ily room w ith lire 
Place plus detached gam e room 
1ox2o! 
*62,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
694-7771; 
Guy Chipman Co 

P R I C E R E D U C E D ' 
G ro a t b u y o v e r IVOO su ft in 
F O R E S T O A K S Tree studded lot. fenced, with I bedroom s 2 baths 
S e p a ra te liv in g , p a n e le d den. 
B O N U S R O O M ! V a c a n t 
N ow 
518,9oo 69o-9oo2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

P W T T 
Gon« MINUTE? 
Com e toke o look ot this 1-slory 
C o lo n ia l c h a r m e r in p o p u la r 
Northwest area 4 2- J with tamuy room. Hugo covered patio, and on oak tree that $ ot toast too years old Att on a corner tot *41.9o4 
Century 21 
S chneider R e o ily_________tx* m s 

SDPF.R PLUSH! 
This garden hom e is p rofession­ ally decorated to the epitome of elegance. P ric e d well below the other hom es in the areo. 3 huge bedroom s, 2 boths, and wait until you sec the lom ily room. In Oak 
Hills 
349 S il l or 149-3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T Q R S -N Central Ole 

TANGLEWOOD 
2 s to ry h om e m u st see to ap oreeiote This lovely home with I large bedroom s, |>j boths, wet bur in fam ily m om trad fireplace in living room , 2 cor qoroge. 2 years old Only $41,ooo 

A W IN N E R 
This 3-2-2 is new on the m arket so toke a look! C ath e d ral ceiling, lorge den with fireplace and g o r­ geous new carpet Form ol dining ar liv in g 
E a u itv and a ssu m e 
$39,9oo Niles 826-7668 
D ay or rote 655-6848 
Morton Southwest Realty 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down paym ent to anvone. 3-4 
I bedrooms, J baths, som e with air 
I and all appliances. First paym ent 
I in Mov. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
531 5251________________R E A L T O R 
3 bedroom, 2 baths near S. P re ­ sa St. Teresa Acadom y.9?j.o783. 
224-784o A M E R IC A N R E A L T Y 

NO MORE LIKE IT 
Tastefully im proved I acre, with 3 big bed room s. I bath, kitchen, dining and liv in g a re a C entral heat, w indow air, carport, g a r ­ a ge , 374 sa ft sh o p b u ild in g . 
Ronge, refrigerator, wosher, cu r­ tains, drapes and blinds stay. Call 
Walter 
How ard 
531-7163. rotes 
923-o836 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

ONLY I KFT 
At first there w ere m on v, now we've onlv one of these beauties left. J bedroom s, with central heat ond re fin ish e d in sid e a n d out. 
Find out why, this is such a good deal. 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
536-88o8 
333-1468 
333 1764 
••••On P re stw ick. 3 b e d room s, 
*17,75o. No down to anvone! Hab- lam os Espanol 
913-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

OWNER SAYS SELL 
3-2-1. air and central heat, carpet and all the extras. Call and see what a deal you can have. 

B o 8 B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
3331764 
P E C A N V A L L E Y - Beautiful 3-2 2, central heot-atr. den, fireplace, carpet, built-ins. Call today 
331-4144 
Nites 131-6)43 
C entury 21 
SO U T H E A S T R E A L T O R S 

SPECIALS OF THE WEEK! 

FAUN HEIGHTS - 2 bedroom. I bath. double detached. VA appraised 
$17,ooo 

9515 CLAMP - 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, double gorage. 1689 sq. ft. VA 
$33,ooo. 

722 ON*JNY - 3 bedroom, I bath, on large lot $15,5oo (HA • VA 

1131 FAULK - 3 bedroom, I bath. single garage Neat and ctean. 
$17,9oo VA or FHA. 

29o3 HATTON — 3 bedroom. I both, centro! heat ond air 19.ooo VA 

• U L A M — 3 bedroom. 2 bath, large family room, low equity 

$19 PIKE RIDGE - 3 bedrooms, I both, low price $16,5oo, VA - FHA 

323 5UNG1o - 2 bedroom, I both, many trees, $9,5oo conv. 

3238 TWINING - large 4 bedroom, 2 full boths, living, dining, central heat ond centro! air, $3ooo equity. 

IO V1CKIN$ — 3 bedroom, I bath, central heof, central air, corner lot 
$14,9oo, VA - FHA. 

738 W. VMJARfT - Custom built 4 bedroom, 2 full both, dining, fomily room with fireplace, mony extras, $46,ooo 

9 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 
DEAN!! OWENS CO. REALTORS 

S. Control Ofc. 

 of the M o u n ta in o n . 
HILL COUNTRY HOMES 

•4 bedroom , 2 both. central cir heat Top of th. 
1 Vt acres 2 ,5 o o sc,. Ft- under roof. $ 4 9 ,5 o o . 
4 bedroom , 2 both, central a c h e a t , fireplace, w ide covered^ 

 deck on I tree covered acre. $ 3 7 , 5 o o 
2 bedroom , I both, central oir-heot, large den, ^replace., 

 finished garage , $ 2 6 , 5 o o 

3 bedroom . I bath, central oir-heot. lor9 % d e % £ o e P ' OCe' wide covered deck, I IO O sq. f?. living area $ 2 6 ,o o o . 

All hom es in new condition, near G u a d a lu p e River, ram p, tennis courts, sw im m ing pools and pork areas. 
JAMES O HIDY, REALTOR 
San Antonio, 494-341 9 
Spring Branch, 1-885-4642 

 b o o l 

LARGE FAMILY’S DELIGHT 
You will love this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2 Vt both home with fireplace and its own 28x39 heat­ ed pool Carpeting ftiruout and fully equipped kitchen. Open 
Terms 
DON T WAIT 
See this spacious 3 bedroom home in Volley Hi I block from elementary school Equipped with range, refrig, carpet and fenced yard luy under VA of $17,3oo 
LOW EQUITY— LOW PYMT. 
Cleon 
3 bedroom home in established area near school. In­ cludes range, refrig., carpet and fenced yard 
(any occupancy. 
Only $19,515. 
HOME AND INCOME 
New duplex in Heritage form near Wilford Hall and Lockland 
AFB One unit has 3 bedrooms ond 2 baths; the other unit Nos 2 bedrooms ond I bath Bedrooms ond livina oreos ore fully carpeted. Kitchens are equipped with ronge, dishwasher, disposal ond refrig. Good income poten­ tial 
FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
U U 673-5o83 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 

« 
.. 

226 ■ SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

W ILSON CO. 
H O tfSV illf • lorge 3-2, 2 fire­ places Other extras $68,ooo • 3 2- 
2 brick, large lot, 125o sq ft living oreo. 
Other extras, 
$39,5oo. 
• 
Several lot* la VENN!A • 3 Actos just off Hwy 
87 Restricted. Only $5ooo for oil 
STOCKDALE • ? bedroom (possible 
3) I both Very attractive Must see this one A greet buy ot $22,ooo • 
Older 2-1 nome close to stores 
$13,ooo 
ACHAGE • SO Acres, stock tonk, 
4o% coastal 2 mi off Hwy 181 $7oo ocre • 37 Acres, stock tonk, 6 mi. NE of Stockdale $7oo acre 8 6 to 37 
Acres, priced according to amount wonted. Just cost of Stockdale. • 6 
Acres on Hwy. 123 about 3Vj mi. NE of Stockdale $1o5o acre *2 o 3 Acres of hunter s paradise SW of Floresville. 
Only $475 acre • Other acreage 
Ask for Joyce 
1 -3 9 3 -2 5 9 8 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 
ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO FIND 

We hove several, each with a high area for building 

 ond eoch with a gentle 

 slope to river. 
Front 

$14,ooo. 
8% . 
12 year financing available. Highly 

 restricted. 
Coll for 
Ap­ 

 pointment to seel 

NBG REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

& 
GENCY HOMES. INC- 

 xc a i ton 
■A ctos* M O M COURTHOUSE" 
I f i g Third - Hee— VIIIX 

★ FM 1518 ★ 
3 4 4 A e r * * dairy bam 
All in coastal bermuda. Already ploted for sub­ division Excellent investment. ic 84 ACRES ic long rood frontage, old house, fenced ond crass fenced. Woter, pens, etc. Eosy to buy • Owner 
Corry 
SANTEX CO., REALTORS 
6 5 3 -o 4 6 o 

I 

< 
I 

I 

I 

OWN SUNDAY 1-5 
* COUNTRY DESIGN * 
3 bedroom, 2 both, forge open fomily areo with fireplace. 
Nestled omong the trees. 

* COLONIAL DEHON * 
2 story, 4 bedroom, 2 V? bath, fomily room with fireplace, liv­ ing room, dining room, breakfast area. ond view. 

* CONTEMPORARY 
DESIGN A 
Elegant 3 bedroom, 2 borh. fomily room, fireplace, wetbar, formol dining, activity coom or extra bedroom 

A U HOMES DESIGNED WITH 
ENERGY-SAVING SYSTEMS 
All homes hove intercom systems, ail prepared kit­ chens, ether extras, nnd located en approximately I or mara acres of land. 
SSO,OOO to $69,5oo 

Out Son Pedro go IO miles post 
16o4, turn right on FM 1863, go approximately 2’/t 

I 
I 
I 

< 
I 

« 

339 BONNELL 
Brick trim, 19oo sqtl., carpet central, corner, trees. 648-o873 
878 o66$ 
736-1766 
734 4117 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
B Y O W N E R . B e lla ire E d itio n . 
3-bedroom , 7 both, c o rn e r lot, 
$75oo down, t i 75-Oo. ow ner wilt finance Att 5pm 977-oo57________ 
C L O S E TO E V E R Y T H IN G ! New 
Listing- 3 Bedroom . 7 both, min- ; utes from IM 41o L a c k la n d and ; 
M edina Just outside city limits 
W a lk in g d is t a n c e to M id d le 
School, recreation club, pool and tennis courts. 
Coll 
347-3711 
A N Y T IM E 
„ 
, 
ROSOW & KLINE 
K o o S o M o n r y 
R E A L T O R S so Y e a rs ot T R U S T 

R A R E F IN D ! 
J u st on m a rk e t, 3 lo v e ly b e ­ drooms. 7 decorotor baths, desir­ able eost central schools, no city taxes Low , low eauitv, p rice d below *3o,ooo N iles 653-57o7. 
C entury 21 
^ t ( A F ^ ^ ^ E R 6 5 T A 1 8 ^ L n v t r a i^ 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

A A I B A R G A IN F O R V E T S 3 be­ drooms, t’ j baths, *159 mo. June 
1st payment. 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
696-747o 
R E A L T O R 
A F F O R D A B L E 
Alm ost new 3 bedroom , 7 both with country kitchen *15oo eauitv assum e V A loan 656 1734 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

Excel. G ovn't Bldg New roof, con cut. 3 t 'x 4 6 ', 75 x 8 7 ’ a n d 9 o'. 
673-7331, 675-7733________________ 

RED! SILT HOMES 
New 3 bdrm., 7 bath hom es 
7 Bdrm ., I bath hom es 
W E B U IL D A N Y S IZ E 
S D O D SO N L S R ___________474 7756 
(7) 4 Room fram e houses, to be lf 
; sold and move, After 5 w kdovs, all I day Sunday, 344-7834.____________ 
4 S M A L L 7 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
S3,OOO each. One ti bdrm ., ll kit- i 
3*9-9278 I chen. It boths, 7ox 174ft M otel 
Bldg M oved *14.ooo. 634-7754 
We Buy H ouses To B E M oved 
678 1459___________________973 4113 

 r WANT TO BUILD ^ 

That dreomhouse on Vt aire 

 with trees ond a view, too? 

Coll today for more infor­ 

 mation on our listing in 

Stagecoach Hills. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

NEW LAKE ADDITION 
BOERNE AREA 
4 Homes complete Will discount' to get this oreo moving. 5hody oaks with view 2 ore on rushing spnng-fed creek. 
Imperative that these turn tost due to limit­ ed finances. Will Deal! Let s folk! 
Move in now! 3 And 4 bedroom, 
2o minutes to UTSA ond Medico! 
(enter. 
C a ll c o lle c t: 
(I) 249 2382, 249-2764 

BOERNE AREA 

 miles to 
Smithson Valiev load, turn left, ond then follow the signs. 
3 4 1 -7 o 5 7 
W.F. LACKEY 
- 
A ASSOC. 

' 
^ 
J I 

SERENELY PRIVATE 

111.5 ocre — hilltop arith magnifi- 
Jcent view Sophisticated 2-story^ 
[ Contemporary lust minutes from 
Medical (enter ond downtown. 2 J 
[ yean new; truly unique. 

OVER 7 ACRES-H5UToP 

I Sophisticated Contemporary with j 
5 bedrooms plus quarters. Master suite with library, 3 fireplaces, 2 | basements. IOO D'Hanis tile deck 
(Sensational view). 
874 3233,1 
822 5973 822 91o3. 826 oo49 

16 ACRES 

Den PADDfT 
224 HOUSES, SALE OR RENT 
U f lliw L l 
DoiwntAtwn D u n lo * ronvf»rt< 

655 3584 
Realtor 
Mites 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
Quiet Country Living 
DC B T U B C 4 u n r n e 4 i i 
AA IIT UY® $ tf Qffl U S A A OFT ti M$Q 

Century 21 
W H IT E N S AO -M O L IO A Y 
34)711* 
R E A L T O R * 
N fl g l T V 
T I l t i r T r . e s c a i - ' rn a m t* pggi and tennis courts 
L a r g e an e liv in g a re g . h ig n ceilings weed B u rn in g fireplace on d roundr» roam I Bed room s 
Fenced covered polio end storage shed 
1*9,5o4 
CON 
JOI J ill 
A N Y T IM E 

W M IIJ J I 

 n a g r r r T x r i r m 
: co rp a : f ir e p la c e ne d o w n . M e r I s l pay m eal O N Band era R d 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
*9o/4)o 
R E A L T O R 
684TO149 
- f f r f s s w a n V 8 « r n i " * 
H eritage F a rm only t i l l man in * 
P riv a c y tonet air B*g garden kitchen cergeted thruput* 
344 5*o4 H urt M cC o rm ick 3o4 l f * ) nwlW*l>ll»INSdi^i(itlBM|l9iJ.W 
.1YWilll!|IABt<|.W|4i||N|>(19|RM>M||WINNe*W*WlW8llMi1iMii»iJJWl))!it9iWiWtntir'i.llTr'wp|'ro' 

NO! SIB 
JEST EXPERIENCED 
T m * $ g a n e v * hem e en ever an pere treed 1*1 #* m tine tend**ten end w gNing B r a vaunt fam ily to d i d tm, I B e d r o o m s 
J m m kitchen one rats 

P E A C H E S A N O C R E A M end oh ether good things descriBe the im m aculate condition of this 3 bedroom 7 bath carpeted hem e located in G ra ss Valley Fo rm a* liv in g on d d in in g p lu s a h u g e fam ily room with fireplace H i 
Schools *34,5oo 
6*9-11)1 
R E A L T O R S 
141*41) 
RED CARPET 

P L A N T S N T H IN G S will he happy on shuttered perch. , l l dining, big living room 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E M E 7*31 
P O P U L A R F O R E S T O A K S 
N e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r, la r g e nem ey 4 ) 7 with sh a d e v yard , large fam ily s n * den pius tor m oi proas Assum e raw interest not* or new loan *43.5oo 
Also hove lovely 3 1 ) at *39.98o 
C A N T E R F IE L O A R E A 
P r ic e d fo r q u ic k sa le at o n ly 
SI*.*o # L o v t lv ) t i la rg e Ii sr mg den areg Assum e raw interest ne4e with paym ents under S725 
H U O E O AM T R E E S 
S h a d e s 1 4 a c r e s o u tsid e city limits on B a n d y ra R d O ver 75.ooo so ti 
4 Bedroom s. 7 baths. I fire­ places. m odern hem e M o n y ex 
Ire s and only i m OOO 
Century 21 
W hiiehapd-Heiidav 
I 6*6-3/ti 
R E A L ro w ^ 
■ S l A S f T r 

Minutes N o m U S A A gnu M e l Clr en Sa cra wooded lei. Ib e d re o m 
3 B a th *, eat in k itc h e n , la rg e fam ily room with d in in g a re a sunken study 
*69.5o* ne Agents 
493 3719 
!#)». H O C K 3-1-1 F IR E P L A C E 
Lean Valley areg. *3*5 monthly vet no down to anyone call new 
344 s*64 H o n M cC o rm ick 344-loo3 
R O L L IN G R ID G E 
4 Bedroom . 7 bain heme is shag carpeted has form ol living room Fam ily room with beam ed ceiling, fireplace! 
*44.99o 
R E A L T O R S 
4*6-4*11 
GuyChipmanCo 

ROOM IO ROAM 
A lm e s! en a cre et g ro u n d s u r ­ rounds this gracious 45 year eld b r ic k h o u s e p lu s f u r n is h e d apartm ent above 3 ca r g a ra g e 
L o v e ly peel a n d r o c r e u t io n a i areg Under s/o.o9o 
Beryl W eigand 344 3341. 3o3-44*4 I 
■ 
J O N E S 
■ ■ 

T B IR O V IL L A G E 
Lovely * be , droom (an won to wall carpeted). 
7 both home on a large corner tnt ' w itn patio, fa m ily ro o m , nn d m any fruit-bearing trees j 
434 7341 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A L T O R S ___________ 
T H E S U M M IT , B Y O W N E R . 3 7-3, 
C re n ate , cu stom built, cu stom drones, cornet, built ins, la rge pontry, self cleaning double oven, p i ivo ry fence. 4*6-7677.__________ 
T H E Y 'V E D O N E IT A G A I N 1 
Students in Northside I S D have b u ilt a new h o m e w ith 3 b e ­ droom s. 7 baths and a fireplace in the fam ily room W OW ! 
$39,875 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

T O W N Vt E W E S T A T E S AttroC five 3-3 7, IOO*, brick hom e with 3 polios, (amity room, and located on a large lot and auiet tol d * sot 
434 2341 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A L T O R * ___________ 
T W IN C R E E K 
7 * S b rick 4 7-1. c o m p le te ly c a rp e te d , d ra p e s, ronae dishw ash er ond garb age disposal 
Only *34,ooo 
341-4484, 
R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 
I 

T w in C re e k 3-7-7 b ric k , la n d s caped, m any features. *149 m o , toke 2nd tem 68* o892.___________ 
Twin Creek, 3-7-2, like new. m any e x tra s M a k e offer en e quity 
4*1 8)77 att sp rn ond weekends 

UNDER 8o.. 

IN CASTLE HILLS 
L u x u r y liv in g with g ra c e ond ch a rm s u rro u n d in g you B ric k traditional with I over su e d b e ­ drooms. auorters. lovely kitchen, h u g * y a rd with m o n y sp le n d id trees 
Shewn by appointment only 

128-6391 A n y t im e 
Deanie Owens Co 
Realtors N E Loop ole 
U N IV E R S IT Y P A R K A R E A 
Just listed, a I bedroom heme on 
O ve rb id O r 
P lenty el storage. , 
73* 5*5o. 733-7141 
C.M. FURR CO 
U T SA A R E A - This 4 bedroom . 4 both otters ouoldy construction 
Entertain graciously in the form al living room ana separate dining or relax in the w arm fam ily room 
F ro m every room look out lo the beoutilul O ak treed land scap ed g r o u n d s 
E v e r y e x tra w ill be o u n d in th is d e v e lo p e r s ow n om s tee, see 
834o1)) 
N Y T IM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 58 Y e a rs el TR U ST 

VIEW AND LOUS) 
* 
■ or 
-raw at th* volley Cetipmai style * 
.e d ro o m 
) 'j B a th 
S e c lu d e d am ong m any oak trees Custom droops will stay C overed patio 
L o lls) m ore and only *57,75o 
349-4341 or 189 3*3* Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T Q R S-tm n co Rd Oft 

 w a l k t o 
C E N T R A L P A R K M A L L 
Lovely 3 Bedroom , 2 beth home lost I block tram the m oil All b ric k w ith liv in p , d in in g o n d fam ily room s that hove received much tender (ovine core. Call for additional details. 834 9171 

Dederest, od b rick, co rn e r lot, 
; 3-2-7, livin g m om , dining room , 
653-7791 | fam ily room, breakfast oreo 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o___________________66) 3322 I 

DONT BRING MONEY 
B n n q your paint brush No down paym ent to anyone 3-4 bedroom s, j 
7 baths, som e with a ir and oo- I punners 
Paym ents less than rent. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
532 5251 
R E A L T O R 
D U P L E X - 2 I C P on corn e r lot I 
Individually fenced vord Ronqe, disposal ond double sink. G ood investment. Total *74,5oo 
Century 21 
R R R A N S O M R E A L T Y 673 77Qt 

E o s t 
C e n t ra l. t 'i o c re , 
4 bedroom s. 2 baths 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
_____________ 673 3)43_____________ 
E A S T S I D E , C o rn e r Lot, n e a r 
Coliseum , redecorated 9o7 C a n ­ ion I bedroom s. I bath, fireplace, doube p o ro se 114,9oo N o th in g down, VA, F H A term s or owner will Corry note B E Y E R R E A L T Y 
923 7o84_________________________ 

EVERYTHING YOU’VE 
WANTED 
The dream house ovoiloble thru ow n e rs tra n sfe r. P riv a te pool. built in kitchen, double car g a r ­ age 
M a ste r is fa b u lo u s* C o ll 
Sherrie Legnon 533 /1*3, 331 6328 
B O B JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

Excellent incom e property I unit apartm ent building, fully furnished, separate m eters 
I 
Call Olga tor details 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R d o n o r 
673 o1o8 
F O R S A L E B Y O W N E R . 17o8 
H ays St. B rick store buildins. 3 rent houses all adioirong, *13,5o8 
S L M ayes. Box *43. C rvstol City. 
Tx $12 374 3668__________________ 
147 G A L W A Y . M C P Equity and assum e (Bid Goodw in) Lennord 
Realty, 734 4754 
Highland Hills, 3 bedroom s, nice. 
$7*o m ove rn M o v paym ents t i 7S 
474 4174 
R A E Real Estate 

H IG H L A N D P A R K Vacant, e xtra nice and large. I b e ­ droom. country su e kitchen, central heat air, aerage V A 
F H A Call Olga 

A L L W E T P A IN T ! walk to Lock land 3 bedroom beauty Onlv $7oo dow n, *1 5 * m o n th ly 
H u r r y ! 
922-17o6. 674 75o9. 673-4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A M E R IC A N A 3-1>i-l. *2oo down, 
*178 mo 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
A M E R IC A N A , J m in u te s fro m 
K ellv Nice 4 bedroom , *75o down. 
No Credit? No problem ! 922-17o*. 1 
673-4714. 674 75o9 
PA T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
4 75% A S S U M E * 75% 
3 Bedroom . Bath. Range. Caroet. 
Fence, C a rp o rt. B u y E a u itv or 
Refinance. Coll 
T E X V E T R E A L T Y 435-484o 
A T T R A C T IV E 3 b e d ro o m , !'» bath. 9ox24o It lot on E. Hordm q 
Call tor information. 
973-4)77, 
924 7*22 
Ronold Williamson 
B E A H O M E O W N E R IN V A L L E Y 
HI, only *1oo down for a Uke new 3 bedroom, lust *155 monthly Call now 1 *22-17o6, 474-75o9. *71-4714 
PA T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
B E A U T I F U L 
F A IR W O O D 
T O W N H O M E . c h o o se fro m 3! 
Just *7oo down, paym ents from 
$145 977-17o6. 673-4714. 474-75o9 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
3 bedroom house, close to Kelly and L a c k la n d A F B . B v O w ner. 
4*18 Fridell. 735 *581_____________ 
B E H I N O 
F E O M A R T 
L o w o o vm e n t, ) b e d ro o m , g a r a g e si;.*5o M ust see to believe Can now before its too late 
H oblom oi Espanol. 
R A E R E A L E S T A T E *74-4)2* 
B Y O W N E R 
B E A U T IF U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D , 
3-12. paneled den, breakfast bai. sp lit level, liv in g d in in g a re a, cath e d ral ceiling, sk y lig h t, en tra n ce c o u rty a rd , e x tra la rg e covered patio, p riv a c y fence on smoM Cul-O * Sac in A dam s Hills, near Lockland Kelly ond schools. 
SIS.OOO by Appt. Only 473-453* 
C U T E A C O Z Y tow nhom e with c e n tra l H A ttOO d ow n, *139 monthly. 
922-17o*. 
*74-7*o9, 
*71-4714 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
•• H E R IT A G E F A R M •• 
Nothing down to anyone! Cleo ) bedroom . 2 both. 2 car garage , carpeted, central air-hpat, 
*4o,5oo 
923 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

D ow ntow n D u p le x, co n v e rts to 
3-2, 3 tS B a r r e r a , n e a r b u s. s c h o o ls $12,ooo. 
B v o w n e r . j 
974 4746 or oft 4pm 734 4556 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
D e v in e , T e x a * 
1-663-4558 
S A Direct line 626-12oo 
A B S O L U T E L Y Beautiful, ow nrr- 
Broker m ust sell Fabulous north. : side. 4 bedroom all rock house, on 
5 tree studded acres. E x t ra s in elude, out b u ild in g a n d h o rse tacilit.es. Better H u rry on this one ot $76,5oo. B r o k e rs protected. 
John Phitpott. 342-48o8 

H w y *6 fro n ta g e , h o lt w o v betw een B o e rn e and H w y 2|t. 
O w ner m ust sell tost. is b u y in g other oroperty. M a ke on otter on this O ak co ve re d I * a c re s with private lake in the m iddle Call 
W a yn e L a M u n v o n . H B C , i n c . 
Broker, 823-1236 

3-7 B R IC K and Cedar home, with large w orkshop, located lust off 
M ain St. in nice neighborhood 
*35,ooo 

L IK E N E W Condition with loads of extras. 3-7 brick on 2 large lots. completely fenced *31.5oo 

S E C L U D E D 8.8 Acres, bordered I 

 eI A I T O W 8 

3o minutes north of Son Antonio 5 acres, *58oo. financing available bv owner. S36-8874 
_____ 

9 ACRES 
Just inside W ilson Co Only *17 mi from L oop 41o, A lso T exos Voter ans land avail 
344-4248 
341-4566 
49S-3113 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC. 
2o'» Acres. 77 m iles east of San 
Antonio, on IH-tO. *15,ooo total 
Call: 5:-7: A M and S:-!7: P M 
736-6417_____________ j 
46 IS A C R E S . IO M IL E S N O R T H 
IN C O M A L CO 997 14 FT. F R O N 
T A G E ON U S 281 N O R T H . M A Y 
B E S U B D IV ID E D . S1Soo A C R E . 
674-5777 ■ 344-3633._______________ 
15 A C R E S : 3 mi. out of City limits on 111 So. $15oo per acre, easy term s 926-6666, *23-1932________ i 3 Acres t*m i south ot Looo 41o, 
Old P le a sa n to n R d 49o oo31 or 
496-5117 

DACRES 

Vi AC CHINA GROVE 
B rick 3-7-4. den, fireplace 
878-o465 
734-1764 
534-44)9 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

4 + A C N O R T H 
Corner, paved 7 sides, big trees 
821 o465 
736 176* 
734-4117 > 5 A C R E S near Helotes, good wen. 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S i tenet, trees, ele ctricity $7o,ooo 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E * 
X l J U f e f f e t i K . ” m 
* ’ 
N W of So n A n to n io in B e v o r . 
________________ 
Comal. Kendall Co s 1-11- a cre s or M ore 
DON SMITH CO 
698 744o 
B R O K E R 
698 3261 
Acreage tracts, sm all down, sm all monthly, beautiful oaks, no rock or ceder Coll M o p e * 342-25)4 

~ ACREAGE TRACTS 
24 to 3o A ir e tracts with re stric­ tions on Hw y 111. IS m i N of S A 
(Loop 16o4). Beautiful view s F in ­ a n c in g 
F L Y I N G R R E A L T Y 
1-438 7479, I 899-2793.____________ 

ACREAGE TRACTS 
In th* country. North of S A. from 
. . . . 
I to IO acres Owner financed Call 
Jim Hanley, broker. S A dial dir eel 4*7 3*21 

2 sides bv huge ranch. 2 mi | north of Boerne *75oo per ocru 

C O M M E R C IA L W o n d e rfu l o p ­ portunity to own this profitable, going chicken fry business, due to heotth own»t w illing to sacrifice for only *25,ooo 

AMASON REALTY 
___________ t-2*9 8537____________ 

BOERNE MOBILE HOME 
| 7 B e d ro o m , 2 both F le e tw o o d i I2 x *4 E x t r a s in clu d e ca rp o rt, covered patio, new carpet, new w ashing m achine and storage 
1 building. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 349 2o61 
S A 274-7171 

ERA 
532 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
873-o1o8 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

BO B 
HE A L T O R S 

P R E F E R J E F F E R SOM w m i s t l e t o e a l l b r i c k . 
Lovely 3 bedroom, tai m oi dining 
/•em. car nor rat S M .EEE 
W M A G N O L IA Seam en Stucco 
S p a c io u s eld er I b e d ro o m (pc 
(♦ d e a l, control air. corner tot 
138,888 
IM M A C U L A T E . J bedroom . I i bain centre! "OCK *31,588 
W M A G N O L IA ) rare* paneled b e d la m s tor m oi dm .ag roam , hrgptgcv *38.E8e 4)4 )11* 

KEY GROUP 

R O O M T O $ T R S T C M 
Over 3784 eg ti with tar mat living a r e a s . G R E A T 
R O O M w ith f i r e p l a c e , h u g * « ai-tn kit chon! * bedroom s 3 bathe, daub!* oar a ge f r e s h ly p u in t y d 1 IN 
C O L O N IC S N O R TH *61,SUE 
4*8 968) 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
SA V E Y O U R C R E O ! I 
Let m e gu y year taw equity or b e so m * loan on I bodroom e, 3 troths tm n o rth ***! San Am arna 
WHI ran e id o r dup lex 
434 45*6 
"UPP 
■ 

W E L C O M E - O R E N H O U SE 
B Y 
O W N E R — W E E K E N D . 
I t#*em 
F in * r e s id e n t ia l o re o , w ith in 
• m e m o d ist a n c e ta s c h o o ls shopping, transportation J lurgy 
(w arearns, hying roam and am m o room bu ilt in kitchen, p an e le d den, central air end heat P ric e 
IT* 7*8 Plea se cell 73* 5584 

H IG H L A N D S B E S T 
Beautiful 3-3-3 on gait view with too m ony extras to mention Call tor details today. 
1o8% P E R M A S T O N E 
Lovely I bedroom near school* and shopping in Highlands area 
V A appraised $17,5oo Coll Jim today 
5)3 33*3 
N IT E S 1)7-483) 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
H U G E D E N — D E L L C R E S T 
B ric k 3 bed room , 7 bath O nly 
*27 OOO Nothing dawn GI- Better 
Hurry! 
)4l-3t*4 
N IT E * 838 3491 
W alker J. Bgrnebey R E A L T O R 

IF YON M T 
BUYING YOUR HOME 
S O M E O N E E L S E IS 
But ygur p ayin g tor it a n yw a y 
Let m e show hew you con tpk*. th* landlord att th# payroll and aet 3 bedroom s. I ' < a h u g * fenced law n with o view Celt S h e rrie 
Legnon 5)3-7141. l l ) 63JS 
B O B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
• JR H iO M ; A C R O S S ST • 
3-3-1, with fireplace, ) story 
613 8988 

 l a k e s i d e bit a 
Paym ents Outstanding buy! On 
3-3-3 Only *3,58# equity 
I i i 4545 
Pf IQS OS Ally 
*54 89/ S 

MiSTIGE LOCATION tar re av c a n 
Custom built b a c k lit 

E n d a* I- with Mn* (avtty 
J a o d ro u m b a m # ness! L a rg e 4 B gd rd b M ONI* 
J b e a rp a w n o m e ' ■ • ( • m m 
- - .Ti l ? . — .. conventual 
C a sh * N ots Ter > eve F o rm a l ira g K W 
W f c F o ® s j e a r E m r o c a d ye# roe I mm 
^ ^ bdt**ydl roam Sue tai* ane 
MKH. U M 

 tg«a4flM 
444 6)48 

 in s p ir a t io n M itts a re a las maculate on a n ta a t I. p a n e N a ban ) att lite bath* large in m g 
'earn aw ing loom. <, or pated and d ra p e d C e n tra l neat a n d at?, covered bot ie Beautiful tread tat 
Aiea I b e d room 
) b u tu t den 
I J* see 3*19 Men agon Open I# id! due* 

WHISPERING OAKS 
F O R T H E E X E C U T I V E 
C o n te m p o ra ry 3 bed room . 7 ’ j aam. toss m on I year tM . hying roam with fireplace p lu s g a m y roam, m aster bedroom has sittm * room witn fireplace and e n v o i* woad deck *85,8o8 

Over 11 ac re at park Irk* grounds s u rro u n d s this stately hem e, 4 bedr aam I 1» Odin, 38x44 a toted oooi St 16-884 
68b *338 
6*3 1)31 
BILLY FELLOWS 
WHISPERING OAKS b y Ow ner, Ie m M iiH v carpeted 
♦ I farina! tivtap S8aar6t* raised am m a don a s t fire p lace peat table stied dam e roam has m any built m s im m a cu la te send Ne 
■ ta W i t 493 III/ 

Y O U can pet into this beau tit ut 
1*4 888 ham # with only 5*88 c o ** 

LIKE NEW 

Cad right i 
4 O P T U N A 
*9 * 89/4 
A SSO C IA I I 

3 bedroom *. J baths, redecorated insid e ond out, com pletely c a r ­ peted. control hoot 

P O P B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
5)4 *888 
J I) 1468 
33| 17o4 

N E A R 
R I G S B Y 
A re e l charm er, 4 bedroom , stove, r e fr ig e r a t o r , m c # v g rd , fenced V A P M A CON bigg 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
$ 13 3 1 9 7 
R e a lt o r 
8 7 1 o 1 9 9 

Nadir Sum M ouii«>• t4i ) l H H H 
OM R igsby 6 ) 515.8*8 Lpm ti#erne 
H O N A R D R E A L T O R S 
---------------------------U U U ! 

 o f f F i e a n V A L L S V. F id e l hum * I i c p i par i. tor## tat ante 
IIF # manta 
475 '*81. 
6)8 1777, s i) 1718 

I 

G r a c e A r n o l d ttb A l T O R S M L t 

»»* tat I 
N IM H I W S I 
NI WI 
♦ OS 

 m benames B sp a n M 
.iuuuuuhu 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
Outstanding 3 large bedroom s, I bath. doub le g a ro g e . se p a ra te living and dining roam s, centro! heel and air, opprax 14o8 eg It., carpet ond fireplace. $31,5o8 
Van g u m I Assoc 
684 7171 
499 8866 
7)4 V t . la c k la n d T e rra c e 3-l-d, S '< % . i assum e or refinance M r s John- ton 471H 4 4 , Atter 5 673 5886. 
L a c k la n d T t r r o c t , bv o w n e r, w alk lo John Jay. I min. from 
Ke lly- L a c k la n d 3 bed room . J bath. J car garage, den and tire place Pon e cover, carport, cen trot air hoot, carpeted throu gh out. w ith e le c tric ro n g e . d ish w asher, etc A ssu m e ST« % with equity or re fin a n ce at 539,3oo 
679 71 ss aft 5 ter opp t 
L o c k lo n d T e rro c e . bv o w n e r. 
3-3-3, cent oir-heot, cav p olio. large fenced yard, 18o% A u stin pink Stone, *78.888 *o4 4o4o eft I 
LO W S IS * M O tar 3 I ' . t a r o t * , i air, no down to anyone 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
*96-7438 
R E A L T O R 
344-8*36 
911* L Y T L E 
3 b e d ro o m s, l 't b a th s, liv in g ro o m e t u i den. 
*33,8o8 Take a look today 
IN T E R S T A T E >38-87*5 til I pm 
M C C O L L U M , V A a p p ra ise d at 
*13.488 with new repf Real nice 7 bedroom on cut de soc A goad buy. call now Owner on«tout 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
936-4)31______________ R E A L TOW s 
*17* M O N E A R K E L L Y 
3 be dream t, stove N e dow n Ie on von* let paym ent M a y I 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
S9s 743o 
R E A L T O R 
694-614* 
Near Kelley Lockland arad. By ow ner, 7 bedroom , I both, car- ggrt, law ppbtty Cen *23-*339. 
N E A R L A C K I A N D , Id e o ! tor sm all fam ily with sm all budeet. 3 bedroom townhom e with I bath and double carport, central air and heat. and a p p lian ce * O nly 
1879 e q u ity a n d tak e o v e r paym ents af *168 676-S4II 
RED CARPET 

N IC E e id er h a m *, )-!-d tn , na dow n, *1 9 o m o n th . 6 7 * 1 6 * ) , 
*78-1777, *3 ) 5778 
P O IN T E R R I A L E S T A T E 
N O D O W N P A Y M E N T *155 me ) bedroom s 57o8 tar mavetn 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
6fb 7439 
R E A L T O R 
384-883* 
NO D O W N TO V E T 
Im m a cu la te 3 b e d ro o m h a m *, paneled dan. stave, rttrig. lo rat fenced yard. paym ents cheaper then rent Se * it Today1 
B R IG H A M R l A k T Y e / ) 1*9' 

O N L Y 11*88 E Q U IT Y 
Lackland Terrace beautiful ) be dream , ) bath h a m * with den, carpet, central pre, worsened end much m e r#' Ceti now b a io n a m r e a l t y o d teat 
S l e e p l a t e 
Near (tatty 3-1, with dan earner tat 
*17.899. m e dawn ta Vats 
Q I f » f 
V A L L E Y MI N O E Tm 
Older ) bedroom , 3 bath h a m * 
W B Bauble c a rg o n put h p * new 
Cor eel now saM tiobatNa tone* lr aas a n d m u c h m o ra l V A aa d o w n paym ent m s f l & y . U t e . ) . ! a i i , * 1 
V A H C Y M i t i l . rBPfb. grtBpe. d ish w a sh e r a n d fe n ce d y a r d 
8 aurir aaa os son. * u t ) par ma 
Century 21 
I LL h a n s o m ■ « m tv « n it rn 

BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
4*73*21 
R E A L T O R 
1 4)8 7447 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
North, fenced, well, co-op electric, w id e c o v e d ro o d 
V ie w m o n y m iles ol distant m ountom teen a ry 
M u c h m o re 
B o b S m ith 
STE 2o93. 4*4 4 777 
I ocre farm 55oo down paym ent. 
*78 per mo Irrigated farm land in 
Texos Hills. N ear highw ay, well furnished Call tor appointm ent to see 734 9S88______________________ l»r acre, in Oak V illo u s North. 
59.888 or batt otter Call 824-2884 

ACRE OF OAKS 
E niov comping, fishing congeing on this beautiful woaded sit* tm th* 
Hill Country, ar build a country home bock In th* tall froes 5388 down. S4J m onth at 7>< % Coll 
Tem Taylor 4*4-63)7 ar 382-83I3 

ACRE OF OAKS 
E niov comping, tithing, canoeing on this beautiful wooded site in th* 
Hill Country, or build a country home back In the tall trees 1188 down. 145 m onth ot 7>« % Call 
Tom Toy tor 4*4 5237 or 343 858) 

6 ACRES 

Near Som erset Country living a t ' its best. H ave garden and tom e c h ic k e n s a n d b e a u tifu l tre e s I 
Cecil O rrick 
Don Sm ith B ro ke r 
735 888o 
I * A c r e s otf I H I o E a t ! 
N e o r | 
Universal 
City, good land 
>39-3398 j 

6.4 ACRES 
Only 17 m ilos from W onderland in 
C o m a l Cb. L o w tax e s. B o e rn e schools *1o.4oo with up to 1o-voar financing. 

DON SMITH CO 
__________ B R O K E R 
5 Acres. 4oo' on perm anent creek, huge tree*. 7mi Canyon lake Jim 
Ashley Realty 224-7774___________ 
IO A c re *, p lenty of oak trees, completely fenced, 14X78' mobile home, double c o rp o ra 2 bornt, green house, w o rksh o p U tility room 688 35o8___________________ 
134 A C R E S Rio M edina on 
River. 5I5QQ A cre 534 4711 
3 2 A C R E S with frontage en San 
Antonio River, lust south of Loop 
416. frontage on Villem tn R d 5 living unit* 
Term s, owner financed 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
*74-4)31 
R E A L T O R S 

U M E H M I ACK 
Mill Country M o b il* H om e site, is min. N orth an Son Pedro. O nlv 
SH O O . H O O d a w n . *2 1 .4 4 par m onth , al I % for 144 m onths. 
T h is o n * w on t la s t lo n g. C a ll lod oy! 494-3419 • L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E j 

APPROX. I OO ACRES 
T alley Road. NW . lu st IO m i* tram Son Antonio Beautiful scen­ ic c o u n tr y 
J E R R Y B A C O N 
R E A L T O R 
484-319*. 
813-373*. 
8M-333). 
_________________ 
Approxim ately ) acres Beautiful location tor devetoptm ont Fine homes in m ature suburban areo 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E *78 1531 

B Y O w n tr, 4 bed room . 7 both, den. living room, brick home. 14 
Hom pton O r in Seguin. 17o’R ive r fron tage, on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r 
Concrete retainer wall, boat dock 
Assum e *191 mo paym ents, rea­ so n a b le p a y m e n ts 
C a ll J e r r y 
H o p k in s, I 913-614-8141 D a y s. 
I 913-683-1634 N iles O P E N 9 lo 3. 
Friday ono Sol. Suodoy 9 to I. 
B Y O W N E R . E a rly T e xa s Style h o u se on G u a d a lu p e riv e r, in 
Se gu in 2 bed room , 2 both w ith e ve r *o o S a Ft. of p o rc h e s. Im ­ proved w ater front P rice Neao- liobie. I 379-4373._________________ 
C H O IC E A C R E A G E 
$ to IS ocres lust listed, 4 m iles fro m Boerne, q u a rte r m ile oft 
Hw y Beautiful secluded building sites. 

MOVING TO BOERNE? 
C H O IC E IS A c re oak c o v e re d building site on a gentle hillside overlooking running stream 
V E R Y N IC E 1-2-2 B ric k hom e on nearly 4 acres in the country. 
4 A C R E G A R D E N SP O T , south of town on paved road 
66 YR O L O H O M E , on M a in St. 
Com m ercial Lot 
44 A C R E S et Rich Bottom Lan d on perm anent creek 
ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
1o3 Saunders. Boerne. Tx ' 
249-3576. 
249-284o, 
249-8766 
S A. direct line >74-91)7 
N E A R B O E R N E , acreage tracts 
Owner financed 
*84 4211 or 7S1-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

NORTH 31/* ACRE 
O ui San Pedro, IS minutes. Oaks. soil, view for m ilts. Paved road 
Coroa electric S8So8, te rm s by owner. 
Bob 
Smith, 
698-2o93. 
494-6777. 
NORTH OFF IH IO 
IS TO M IN U T E D R IV E 
5 bedroom. 4 acres, pool, larpe barn 
4 bedroom, 7 acres, guest house 
4 bedroom. I acres, stables 
J bedroom. 4 acres, stables 
A lso call us for a c re a g e hom e- 
Sites 69l-2to7, 349-26o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

Homestead Beany 
1o7 nights 695>1245 

OAK MOSS NORTH 
5 to 18 o cre H om esite*, 3 m in from Blanco and 1*o4, owner fin­ anced. custom building available. 
497 3638 or I-43S-7I87. 

A L L O R P A R T 
*749 P E R A C R E 
Only min tram boat ram p at Can yen Lake. O w ntr will tinance el 
8 % simple Bill Hughes. Broker, 
141 I I N 

ATTENTION 

 in Bexar 
144 47*8 
IO ACKS Md Up ar and W ilson Count! 
341-418* 
'tat. 
684 *7*1 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC 

In Boxer 
344-63*8 its 
*84-17*8 
IO ACRES and Up or ono W ilson Ceunii 
341*3*6 
CONNALLY 

H X A l E S T A T E IN C 
17 A cres of 3493 ocre oft 281N. 
Pretty ouws, excellent hunting jim A sM g y Reel Estate 686-4276 

12 A C R E S 
Etou tifu l locution in NW B e xa r 
County. P a n o ra m ic view s from high hills Flaw ing sp ring 1888 ft county rood fronted* give s eosy access Only 59*8 aer acre Call 
812-3363, 366-o4/8. or 349-3)6) loypttmtnt Racily Co 
7 acres Bulverde e sioits. ’ » finite i 
(rum s. hopi 494 5191 
I 
I* a cre s bv aw ner, p a ve d reed ever look m f Canyon L e k * Let* at ir a *! near baal launch w a le r alae inert* 38 m in tram 1*84 twill u-.-dt I.nonce 4*4 2727,494-19)1 
49 Acre* 
Caval a eoa lust south et M edina 
B a e * R u n n in g C re e k 
H a s ail graductran. m in e ra ls in c lu d e d 
Con 
Eve 
Arnold 
7)3 4*81 or r n i m . 
E.D. GOZA 

R E A C T O II. u r E H I 
1-18 aer to, I , cent utilities 
**| J J (FCG R IP P S B L T * #48-8441 
IE A c re s c et B la n c o , sm ut! hawse, toad ta# sad ate* trees 
*9o1 ilt p le 894 4178 

S 3 ACRES 
HIU COUNI RY V IE! ■ la soh near Tana 
Sisters. *171# with sa n e r Magee a 

 lf I O 
B I A L 
BUT A ! It, a * - ^ 
. 
..... 
I t a c re s buntine co u n try 
I M I 
O l a * p**«MNrt Ile It per ara Oro 
•apr, hi- sty ta.snag On leas a ha* et kalpa raasb e warned be a a a ** 7 'IE f it f 

C IV IC . F R A T E R N A L . B E N 
E V E L O L E N T . O R R E L IG IO U S 
O R G A N IZ A T IO N S I888FI rive r front G ia n t b o u ld e rs in acetic shades, preen valley, hills, rustic cottages. 2 m ob il* homes, sw im ­ m in g ga o l. H o r s e s O K . V e r y secluded. 13.22 ocres, ideal aural re tre a t s u m m e r c o m a . d u d * r o a c h a r h e m e tor u n d e r- priviledgad kids 
H E A R T R E A L E S T A T E 
73* *89 
738 *781 

BABCOCK NORTH 
G re e n h o u se * 3-3-7 brick den. carpal, control, assum e *329 
>28-8643 
734 17*4 
*73^o*28 i o n m 
» n o « i 

BACK TO NATURE 
North att th* beuien tract Lovely 
I 3 den, firep lace# h o m e d 2ox27 
•anteroom a sw im anal A cre s ta roam 496-3111, *96-384) 
H IL L C O U N T R Y P E A L TO R 3 

BANDERA 
I mi south at town. 3 ac an a hill a s k in g , 12,49}, w ill c a n s id e r attars 
Bill 
Hughes, 
Braker, j 141188) 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak tr*# studded acre. I# m ile* north et to w n M a s w ater on # electricity en wide paved roods 
O w ner m u st sell a p ish ly , little d o w n w ill t in a n c e b a lo n e a 
-«»■£»; *■» Mi * . 
I I i C R O O M R O C K M O M S 
3 a cres F ire p lac e 
L o ca le # near 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H i i * k l Y 134-7171 
B L A N C O . T E X A * 
L o v e ly 3 1-2 with fo rm a l liv in g end dieing loam plus turn.iv ream 
•lib hr aptest. ugpuW ui oak trees 
Assum e ar 
Cenventteaoi en iv 
3)4.8o8 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y m m a m r w 

BUEHNE 
> bedraam. I berth I rara* tramp are*, meg brepbfpst ar aa aaravn t i n t aa I a c tg 
R u b y w rig h t r n I M I 84) s*47 
B O B T O M BS K b Ai. ! o « S 
K H CROUP 

CLOSE IN ACREAGE 
IO A c re ( r o c Is . o w n e r C o r ry 
U.OOOto 31.8o8 oak trets. 
Van Buren S Assoc 
684 7171 
49o-8o64 
S34-S488 
C O M A L C O U N T Y 
4 plus acres neor IS I ond es with o rc a for m obile hom e or hom e with fantastic view Under pom e price OI only *13,7o8 E a sy term s 
1o% down. 18 years on balance ot 
7%. 7)2-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

C O U N T R Y C H A R M E R in D U N 
LA Y . Owner. 3-1. 14x38 living. 8' callings, con vertib le attic, own water I i ocres I 47S 3S41______ 

' country home 
A now 34o8 sa tt. brick hom e an 7 
•m oated ocres New guest house. new porn, new tra d e r ond eauip m en), a n d 2 tish p o n d s. O n ly 
*73.ooo 
Call 773-3o49 
O ran F 
Colum bus. 

LYTLE PFAIJY_ _ _ 
F O R S A L E E Y O W N E R . M ill cou ntry acreage, betw een I A. ond Canyon Lobe, >78 2674 

HANDYMAN’S DREAM 
Lokotrent. oacans. 2 wells 
U t * ac. 3-1 stucco, tank 
126-8463 
736-176* 
473 86)9 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
H A V E A H O R S E ? 
C u sto m c o n cre te b lo ck 4 sta ll horse bern with auto-waterers. 7 storage oreos. boot p arking and over ie a e r** goes with this huge 
3-3-2 near New Brountels Priced 
Of I*) DOC 
499 111J 
R E A L T O R S 
3*1 342J 
RED CARPET 

Older hm -good reoair-Chtno 
G rove 
648 333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 641 8441 
ON F M 183* 
Corner O akridge Or. Reduced to 
$6ooo. owner financed 816-7334 
Ollie Rose Realtor 
O ver I acre s N E et S A , Com al 
County, on utilities *34-13*9. 

PICK A RETREAT' ll ocre s near B lan co with I be­ droom, I both residence, fences, landscape, view, 
Im m acuafte condition 
O R 
IO a c r e s n e o r K e r r v il le w ith b e a u tifu l d o u b le w id e m o b ile hom e Perfect w eekend or re tir­ ement hom e Lucille B itrsch w a ie 
344 2341, 344-3*49 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
R iv e r treat $ a c re s t*3o dow n 
Dormont. SI31.39 per ma. C rystal clear w ater B e a u tifu l v ie w * ol 
T e xas H ills. Shaw n bv appoint- meet cm l 734-9383 
R M G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E . T E X A S 
|____ 249 iS7>, 249-3343. 249 3S48 
SO U T H : I bedroom , 7 bain. t il rposonry >38.8o8 8)6-1544________ 

SOUTHEAST 

HELOTES 
4 A cres P ius Beautiful Hill, con se* ta the North Pale and ta the 
M e n c o n Border. Sell, worth (he 
M o n a * 
F in a n c e d by o w n e r. 
STS 6983. 493 33o3________________ 
H E L O T E S 
C R E E K 
R A N C H 
A C R E A G E T R A C T S Low down. 
486-4111 or 731-9941 l l _ _ _ 
5 Hill Country beroe 3373 down paym ent S34 19 per mo Beautiful n o w s , b ig tr e t s 7$x% sim p le 
1 73* 79o4 inter Con 
Hom esite* from I to 3 acres, south ot Son Antonio rn pretty tub drat nan Price tram sited to *18.888 
934-1) It, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L B H A T ! 
L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I mite north tram LOOP N W de t ir e d lo c a tio n , d e e p so il g a d woaded area Water oioctricity. ond phone Paym ents et *43 7* et 
7 % Sim ple interest utter sm e ll down pm ! LOS E * ! * ? 879 7229 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s t o m b u ilt I ] A c r e s O a k t r e e s , h ill c o u n t r y . N o r t h 
N o r t h w e s t H o m e s r e a d y to r n p y g in t o 
F i n a n c e d . (Nu c u s t o m b u i l d 
H o v e m s a c r e t r a c t s a v a i l a b l e 
W e c o n s i d e r t r a d e s . S a w y e r 
C o n st C o 
> J J o4o8 
_ _ _ _ _ 
L A R G E T R A IL E R LO T S4s78 ct ocre, hove other t 
738 1784 
I M EEEI 
8*8 2818 

LoVernto School District 2 ocros. 
Only 31oo down and eosv term s 
M B G R E A L E S T A T E , 927 74«l 

SPRIK IS KBE! 
R E A L L Y eniov if on two o cre s riv e rfro n t P e c a n ond C v o ie s s tre e s, g a r d e n s o il a n d lu tn gra sse s right down to the wide. clean and clear Guadalupe Close in North Robert Smith 698 2o*1 
494-6777 
__________ 
2 Story, 4 bedroom , fireplace wtln heatuioior. oil elect B lan co Co 
*4o,o88 
Jim 
Ashley 
Reoil v 
224 7/74__________________________ 

SIDARI RD ACREAGE ideal tor 2 lo * ocre tra c ts' 221 o cre s neor C oke C a la v e ra s io miles lo lo o o 41o Owner (m onte 
214 126 /SSO 71* 349 3284 ________ 
S U B U R B A N S E C L U S IO N 
I year eld I 7 7, located '* mile od 
H w * 44 on IO scenic ceros, h o i large guest house, stables, etc 
27o8 sa ti in rn OHI house 379,38o 
Additional acreage available 
HoiM sitM Realty 
» i* 7/o7 nights 
Toke up paym ents on ». ocre HW tor hem e b u d d in g h o t e l, city utilities M r Fetter, 479-7228 

I I I 5 ACK TRACTS 
N W S A near P M 47! un# 16o4, w ell restricted , cen tro! water eaved streets, p u c e s very com p e ltliv e 
G o o d tor m s 
L A 
K E C R O F T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
>47 i se I__________________ 
I lo I Wooded A t goudTeil" Ni ol 
S A Just outside B e xar Ca 
«9) 9 S)tH 
Castle Really i n s ta l 

WEEKENDER 3.R AC 
7 ream cabin. watt. live oaks f it OSS) 
71o 1144 
*73-8*29 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L TO RS 
— m m m m n m 
— 
P a n o r a m ic v ie w s fro m T H E 
4 84-378J C H O IC E I 8 aero RH with eve 
MiVjWjr-Orji-iH, ,r- MMU auks xxi aet 
I ro A _ . . 

INSM 16o4 
J a a a s M a lt s B o r p o r t r o m p e * 
♦aith et Tnoutone O aks 7) acres 
■ ease* oats term s 
Ow ners eastawt 
J M Cullm an le a n e r t i) )44 1j41 

E e k* Pisa beautiful I 33 acre let 
• d eal tor sp ill le ve l k g s m o n y g r a m o a k s 

( “ f t 
..... w OYr r v i u i r T f w t r i . # * 
M w i b rick b o m * pa 4 s i A c t o s 
1 1 1 doe. b u m in s a a # m u c h mare 
Cad far tromp!* tv 

Niles SSP H S I 

 bor JONER,K A H M 
C e n t u r y 21 
Lei it ) i M B’ ae row# |y UT 
* 
IA I" 1*1 A lit;« i 
U v4 m i« River 
I IvBS IO bd •«> p a ve d i m * H e e * u td iiis Si a i n m l TTT MO 8*87 

 t m a a s t a t a i k 
T e r r * v m r r r i h » a wesvi et 
I » **!» » mew > 
In I I I 'k e g 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
5 
6 
Q U IC K RESULTS! 

N O N C O M M E R C I A !! 

C A N C H ! . A B M 
W IT H O U T 

B A T * C H A N G S 

J L L IN E S 

I M 
M 
' 
» 
I O 
D A Y S 

S o n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d o y M o rc h 6 I 9 7 7 ___________ P o g e I 

236 • COMMERCIAL PMKBTY 238 CQNNfBClAi PROPfRTY 
238 CMSMfBClU MOPBTY 
4oi APARTWENTS-FURN 
JIH 
LEASE________ 
LUSE__________ 
. 
----------- 

 r 
" a BAQ.iiif' l 
CANYON LAKE 
• H IL L S ID E LO T . B E A U T I F U L 
View Sl«®o E asy Term * 
• Lor^e Lot - T roos-N sg r Lake 
And boat ram p • E asy T erm s 
Copt. E. Jones 
923-6211 
A c « « EEI S V 5M L a k E - 
On paved rood overlooking lake. lots ot trees, good grass. W oter- e ie c tric lty . N e a r T u rk e y C o ve 
M arina on S A side of lake W ill idlvide-finonce. 494-2727, 494-1*31. 
A n d o v e r M o b i l e h o m e , 
, 13x44 It. on 1o,ooo ft. v ie w lot 
. overlookin g C a n yo n L a k e 3 be­ droom , 2 both, a ir co n d itio n e d , 
' furnished L ik e new. $14,5oo M el 
M iller, 334-2334.________ 
B e a u is m C a n y o n L a k e lot bv owner 545oo. *94-7327 
I bedroom home. Pebble Beach. tow , low down. 
M edina L a k e , w a te rfro n t hom e and guest house on 3 lots. 
**4-4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
8 i6 v A n J k T V t f L E p r Icfe 
$29,5oo b u y s th is a d o ra le , lik e new. 2 bedroom , both and a half nome on L A K E L B J. The lot has 
.o a k a n d f r u it tr e e s , a n d Is 
L A R G E — 1ooX24o, a c r o s s the street from the hoppy w aters of the lake. In e x c lu s iv e sub d iv i­ sion Ifs o C harm er. C a ll B E T T Y 
BRO W N S12-598-5257. F o x G ib b s 
Real Estote__________________ 
C A B IN 
M E D IN A L A K E 
Alam o Beach- 4 lots and turn. cabin V iew for m iles with lots of oak trees P rice d to sell now! 
C A L L R iley Flyn n. N ile s 498-2842 
$12,95o 
R E A L T O R S 
824-4395 

UST UTU! RANCH 
IN KEM COUNTY 

347 Acres, excellent grating for stork, 4 pct hi res, good fences, deer and hickey. Comfortable 2 bedroom conch house 
Perfect reject or homo Excellent finqn- 

S W T F A R M I R A N C H 

R E A L E S T A T E 

APPKOXIMATEIY 74oo M M S I L 
LA SAUL CO With Frio liver fron­ tage 
2 nice mobile homes 
Garage, hunting standi, numerous small fields Excellent hunting and fishing Snwli por­ tion of minerals OAS par acce with good forms. 

411 ACUS LA SAUL CO. H 
Mile Muons Inter frontage, 5 miles West of CetuUo. IM Acres irrigated farmland, nke house overlooking small lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with mony good improvements Vt minerals. 
I real showplace. SMC per ocre wrth goad owner financing. 
UL ALTOS — I— *79-2759 
' 
1.o. la x 563, Cotulla. Tx. 
71o14 

: NUECES CANYON : 
• 
• 
• 16o acres near Comp Wood,! 
• permanent water creek runs! 
• through place, near 3/4 mile! 
• each side, many pecans, nice! 
; home, cold springs, fields, vol * 
; leys, arovity flow irrigation dit-5 
; ches from creek, all volley, dial* 
; phone, good TV, much game. • 
• 
• 
I 9oo coes with about one mile; 
I river frontage near 
Comp; 
I W ood, aood springs w ith w a te r; 
J everywhere, midis, heavy tim-; 
I ber, about 15% mountains,; 
I balance all valley land and; 
I good range thot has been; 
I taken core of, game every-; 
I where, mony good pecons. 
I 

• 18oo acres Nueces Canyon! ; 
• with lots of live water, good! I 
; springs and more than 2 miles! 
• of live stream, port has both! i 
; sides of stream, valleys and! 
; mountains, nice home and* | 
; good hunting. 
• t I 
: 32o acres near Bandera with; j t-home, good fields, timberland,;' 
, ! springs and water everywhere; 
! in creek, also much game. 
; 
; 
• 
• 96o acres with about one mile; 
!both sides of good peek,; 
. I home, highway frontage,; 
! springs, $375.oo acre. 
; 

! 
U 
. D E A N , R E A L T O R 
; 

: 
P . O . B O X 2 5 o 
; Camp Wood, Texas 78*33 ! 

, '. P h o n e ( 5 1 2 ) 5 9 7 - 2 5 4 6 ; 

• 
- j o * • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • # 

CANYON UKE 

5 A C M T H A O S toke farilitips ond boot ramps neor by Panoramic views, mony large oak trees SI 8oo per acre ond up Sell 3o% below market volue Up to IS years to pay at 
8% 
F o r a p p o in tm e n t C a ll 
4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 
1 -8 9 9 -2 1 8 1 

I N V E S T • I N C O M E I 

• R E T I R E • 

A 
4 6 4 
A C R E S unim p­ roved ron ch land 
SE o f 
Seguin , 
PM paved road. 
W e ll located ond shaped for ronchetto investm ent poten tial 
Scenic hills and valleys. 
Excellent deer a re a 
S h allo w 
C a rrizo w ater sand. Just $ 5 5 o per a cre Easy terms 

★ 4 o 2 A C R E S high ly .rn- j proved irrigated w orking ranch. N E W ilso n Co. 3 2 5 n acres C o a sta l Berm uda, 7 o 
I acres in field. IO pastures. 
| 
I 8 o o G P M irrigation w ell 
I a n d equipm ent. 
Excellent 
™ eq uipped w orking pens. la rg e hay b a m , m odern bunkhouse. 
2 o o or m ore i cow unit, just $ 6 7 5 per acre or firm offer. 

A l l 4 A C R E S stock form fronting on 
H w y 
9 o 
& 
Stron g clear flo w in g stream 
Edge o f 
Seguin. 
Port bottom land w ith 5 o g rafted pecan trees. 
8 5 acres in field. 
G o o d 
2 b edroom farm hom e. i 
S everal bom s, pens, etc. j 
W o o d e d ridge with live oaks ond a spring 
AH 
| 
$ I 5 o o per acre or deal. 

A 
IO O 
A C R E S natural w o o d e d , scenic hill and v a lle y ,' sm all field, prim e deer are a , sandy loam soil, p aved rood. 
East o f beguin. 
O n ly 
$ 5 7 5 per 
I acre. 
" 

A 8 6 A C R E S stock ranch, 
11 
East o f Seguin, o ff H w y. 
I 
9 o . IH -1 o m ontage for ex- i i posure M ostly open native 
I 
? rass pasture or field, om e scattered 
C o a sta l 
I 
Berm uda and tress. 2 g o od j J tanks, w ater line. 
N e w j I 
3 o x 4 o utility and 
2 -car g a ra g e buildin g Steel p ip e 
. pens, nice aH-electric 
3 bedroom home. 
M o re l i 
O n ly $ 1 ,o 3 5 per ocre. 

A 
6 8 
A C R E S scenic I f " show place ranch. East o f 
S eguin near 
IH IO. 
2 6 I acres C o a sta l Berm uda. 5 B w ells, fenced, open I 
K shires, scattered trees, 5 I m s or sheds w ith pens. I 
Im m aculate b rick, 
1 7 2 5 I sq. ft., central heot-cir, 2- I 
2 -2 borne. 
Fam ily room I w ith fire p lace M ore om en- I titles, $ 9 7 ,5 o o . 

A 
41 
A C R E S rcm chette I 
East o f S eguin G o o d H w y. I 
9 o -A fron tage. Ideal bro- | 
©ding form or show ing p o te n tia l 3 9 a cres fertile level field. 1 9 4 o 's vintage spaciou s solid hom e w ith 3 to 4 bedroom s, g o od w ell, j lorge con crete reservoir, large and o ld bam , fe e d 
I s^-ea and o ld style tile d a iry born 
M O R E ! Reduc- 
I c d to $ 2 ,2 5 o per acre 

A 6 4 A C R E S fertile black I ' lan d , 
N E . o f 
Seguin. 
Paved and grovel roods, w ater line, flo w in g stream 
2 o ck res w oo d ed — rest field. 
H om esite 
D ove, g u a il a n d deer 
Bargain at 
> 7 5 o per acre. 

A 
IO 
A C R E S m ostly w oo d e d ranch*rte, SE o f 
Seguin , fenced. o u t­ b u ild in gs, deer, 
M od e rn 
1 4 x 7 2 m obilo hom e. 3 -2 , oil a p plian ce s, d rapes, cen ­ tral neat oir. 
M O R E ! 
A ll 
$ 2 1 ,o o o or w ithout 
M o b ile H om e $ 1 6 ,5 o o . 
T E X A N VET O K 
A 6 3 A C R E S stock ranch 
W e st o f Seguin near IH 
1 o, ro llin g terrain and creek volley. 
Scattered trees, fertile block soil, 4 o acres g o od 
C o a sta l 
Berm uda — rest level h e 'd or native grass open pasture. 
H ay b am s, 
3 tanks, dove, quoit, som e deer. 
O n ly 
$ 1 2 5 o per acre. O w n e r terms. 

A 
2 3 A C R E S , a ll level cro p field , block loom soil, north o f 
Seguin, p aved roo d , shallow w ater g o od investm ent or hom esite 
O n ly $ I OOO per ocre. 

A 
IO A C R ES, oil field , 
S W E o f 
Seguin, p o re d roo d , shallow w ell w oter oval! 
Ideal garden scil. 
O n ly $ I 3 5 o per OCre. 

A 
IO 
A C R E S east o f 
S eguin , paved 'OOO, w ell w ater avail. C leared with scattered trees, som e coa sta l, g o o d hom e and tonk site 
See at $ 1 5 o o per ocre 

Member TFVA Inc. 
See u t for e th e r listings 
All size ond types 
Ut's Talk It OVE*! 

CARLOS UAxVNEt REALTY 

379-594? 
Seguin, I t* es 
S O H K repbury.P.O. le x 1172 

MOTOS • 38 Units with arf*, bung*, party hall, ond shops Good income Reasonably pated Resort area 
IP AKIMOTO - 75 Units neat Won­ derland mall 
Brick construction, fully rented Swimming pool, laun­ dry room ond covered porting. Frit to to sell. 
24 Units near Lirklond AFC Fully rented. fully furnished, laundry rooms. Low down payment low cost per unit. High income 
T O W E R V IEW IN C. 
7 3 2 - 6 1 3 7 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
WE ARE AL5C 
LEASING SPECIALISTS 

M A TC H IN G THE SPACE REQUIREMENTS O F G R O W IN G 
S A N A N T O N IO BUSINESSES 
HEY 
• O ffic e 

S H O U P 
• Retail 

V K a 
• W arehouse 
J 

Sterling Burke 

R E A L T O R S 

77o1 Broadway Suite 1o4 
824-63! 

F fiO M 
N A Y L O R R E A L T Y 

I N C 
P.O. Box 51 
Ingram, Texas 78o25 
PflONf: (512) 367-5311 la d le Regan (512)367-733o 
Dawn Smith (SIJ) 367-5592 
Joctli W t M it iiM f 
(512) 2574o9o 

~ I 3 
^ e Monthly 

.S tu d io , I - 2 b e d r o o m s 

N O L E A S ! 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT LIV IN G — N O PETS 

WARSON HOUSE 
3 2 2 2 M W . L o o p 4 1 o 
'*o t tn9*»h#<tt6« DI Oewhurit emf r««d 41o" 

3 4 2 - 4 o 2 9 

, 1 o ,o o o Sq. ft. 

O F F K E - W A R E H O U S E 

Large fenced yard. Lots o f parking. 
V icin ity 
B ro a d ­ w ay, Loop 4 1 o . V e ry w ell priced 

C a ll R ick T h o m so n 
D. B. H a rre ll C o . 
226-5171 

Q u ie tly se c lu d e d in W o o d law n 
H ill* . B u ild now or Hold to r in ­ vestm ent T erm s available, t i , SOO to MOOD Paved streets. A ll u tili­ ties. N eor Schools and shopping. 
N e o r B a n d e ra R d and B e n ru s 
Dr. For details call Lou is Flores. 
732-2141_________________________ 
C om m ercial lots, on sites, olso a tow com m ercial buildings. 
734-5434 C P .K O S U B 342-o343 
L I V I 6 A k H I L L * S u b d iv isio n , 
Guadalupe Co., tlSOO -Best ofter, 
333 3419 

FIRST TIME OFFERED! 
UVALDE COUNTY 

IOO to 2,ooo acre borh; Choice volleys and low live-ook ridges; oil native pastureland, excellent hunting; close to Uvalde Priced low wad Hums. TAKE YOUR 
CHOICE NOW 

Coll or write: 
JAKE LANING 
P.O. BOX B 
UVALDE, TEXAS 788o1 
Day:278-3612 
Night: 278-3o38 

254 REAL ESTATE WARTED 
ATASCOSA c o m m 
4oo A t m t i miles We** 
Jourdanton on Ta Hwy IP I- 
JOO aero* cleared, hire* 
A L. 
I— 
__ I____I __IJ 

 exe cu tive desires, J or I beriro->m home on SO 4o acres. G razin g land witn stock bonds w ithin 1o-miles 
Of S .A 
R e p ly to M r s 
P ru d e 
B r o t h e r t o n , P O 
B o x S313o. 
Houston, Tx 77oS? H I 113-4o41. fe fife! 8,ooo Sa. Ft. Re- X 
T 
(a irily remodeled for 9? 
9 Winns Heod-ln pius £ 
| parking lot. Nogalftos A m at exit IH3S. r 
Owner— 
• 

- 
8 2 2 - o o 9 2 
6 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

 in d ivid u a l wants to buv older in com e p ro p e rty , co n d itio n u n im ­ portant E Afeek, P O D raw er K 
Portland. Tx. 78374._____________ 
{ m a il re n ta l b u ild in g w an ted 
P riv a te b u y e r 
T h re e or m ere fam ily* 653 si89_________________ 

L O T OR LO T S 
C O M M E R C IA L 
OR 
R E S ID E N T IA L 
738 M oursund. near Loop 41o SW; 
3oo block W. V illa re t. *4x123. 
344-42ISW ALTER H M E YER733-I 
L O T S I LOT'S I l 6 t {< B u ild e rs special in new N E addition n eo r­ ing com pletion. 824-43o7. 

1.34 acres zoned business IM it. frontage, adiacent railro a d , neor active shop conter, indu strial. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828D521 
APPWil'TXtTTE’T T m>' ou‘*o7 
CHV lim its on IH37 So. 34oo down, no r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y te rm s . 
924-****, *23-1932________________ 
OMV Cfiipman Co 

QAHIYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
In Tom oroek Shores w ith full — 

F U R N . a 
U N F U R N . 

Fomily & Adult Sections 
2 Pools & Playground 

R e n ta l* s t a r t in g a t 
$ 1 8 5 
In clm tin g U tilitie s 

P A IN T E R S M I U 
5 2 o o B L A N C O 
3 4 9 - 2 2 2 2 

256 PULL ESTATE LOANS 

 m A k e A E 
L O A N s T ^ T T r T t liens. M ax 8 y rs Buy notes less thou 8% w ith oiscount 
A.V. R od rigu ez-B roker 222 o98o 

 tog* on lt d rid*. $433 Per 
Acre*. ^ Owner wMI Finance. 

FULLE* REAL ESTATE 
' CHARUK PULU* 
OR OAVIB BAKIR 
1491-2611 
1493-3616 

In T am arack Shores w ith full lo kevlew New 14x7*. tastefu lly fu r­ nished. 2 bed room , 2 bath F H A 
Mobile Home, on large tree stud­ d e d lot, con trol heat-olr. 12x12 sun deck, re frig e rato r plus m any ex­ tras. Sub d iv is io n has e x c e lle n t p r iv a t e p o o l, p a r k s a n d b o o t laun ch ing fa c ilitie s. M u st see to appreciate. A bargain at S24.3oo! 
D A Y O R N IT E *SS-*848 

L o f T ' T S + i ! L o t i ; B u ild e rs special in new N E addition n ear­ ing com pletion 824-43o7 
[ Gentleman Farmtr 
Here is your chance to select o place in the country thot will provide o retreat ond on ottroctive investment pf th* same lime. All ore located from IO min to I hr from S A. 
112 Acres on Madina liv e r 
I 2o3 Acres on im Morro* fiv e r 
SIO Acres on Ptum G ook 
I 271 Acres on Santo Clare Creak 
I 51o Aero* ac. San Marcos liv e r 
DEVAULT A ASSOC. 
3 4 9 - 2 6 7 7 
Tax frag Exdw n fas. Soya 

REQUA REALTY CO 

 lots ol lots ani land 
4 a c re s w ith v ie w . I lo 3 o c re hem atites In Northw ood H ills, re ­ sidential lots in Thousand O aks, blo lots in H ollyw ood P a rk . U nit 
IO, 2V> a cre s In Stagecoach H ills. 
Buy new - build later. 
C all 349-143* A nytim e 

^ Showcase your horses now on J : 
6 rim IO am comer ond ted by 
4 the sr. H in the neoc future 
4 MOO so ft. 4-216 home. 2 rock 
* 
4 firepkxet, lorge den, office, 
4 
T study, etc Wrought iron gat* 
4 
J ond rack archway entrance go 4 
^ with the excellent fercing o*er 4 
2ooo ft, of frontage of mo (or in- jj- 
IA tercet ion Tonk which con be 
^ 
4 enlarged S-l ace lake in your J 
4 backyard 
Overigoking down- 
^ y 
4 town skyline $275,ooo with 
* 
4 terms by earner SH to portici- 
4 poring broken. 
16 

4 LAND LOCATORS OF 
J 
♦ 
T E X A S 
* 
SJL 667-1154.667-1333 
41 
■9 
1 R- 

I P e rm ond R anch L istin g s Wonted 
! 3o A cre s or la rg e r w ithin *3 m iles \ 
! of San Antonio. W rite full details I and prices. 
E D . G O Z A , R E A L T O R . 
*18 M cC ullough Ave . Son Anton 
IO, 
Tex , 
227-81o3, 
822-33oo, 
82*-5*18. 

G A S P L A Y A R E A 
98 
P L U S A C R E S on P e a r s o n I 
R o o d , lu s t so u th O f F M 1*o4 
Sondv loom , 9o% c u ltiv a te d or [ d tve lo p . (H o m esite on c re e k !) 
G as lease 
S147.ooo- ow n er finance ti 
*9o-98o2 

E L M IO AT SAN P E D R O 
P rice d to sell q u ickly O ffice-stor­ age shed on .1** o cre enclosed bv fence 
Jim W agner 344 2341, 828-24*o 
BO B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

LLANO 
COUNTY 
Super choice 5oo ocre ranch with mile of lorge beautiful perma­ nent creek; springs, 
2 nice modern homes, Mrns. pens, sheds A beautiful good complete ranch close to bono Excellent for sub-division with over 2 miles 
(reek frontage Priced right. 
Coll or write: 
Joke Lotting 
P.O. Box B 
Uvalde, Toxos 788o1 
Doy: 278-3612 
Night: 278-3o38 

 g O U T H M p v i - V T y a 
A MUTT(KC M TB v— 
Ar 
INC. R E A L T O R S 

 a Mute Dunk Club 
. iOf'h!'*l 
4 a Gym one f rte Exeruw 
Classes 
• leouty Shop 
I a Sowed Whirlpool 
B a tennis four's 3 pooh 
J 
# Irosi fit# rbfngtrolois 

P is. * ' ° 
1o 
^ 
Downtown 

4o32 I Southcrots 
337-5242 

W I L S O N C O U N T Y 

1 1 3 A C R E S 
All in Coastal lermuda 12" ir- ngorion well; inaction ond hay making eguiament; 3 bedroom brxk home, 2 tage hay sheds; nice stack pond, stocked wrth fnh Ideal for registered cauls, quarter horse, dairy, or hay form operation financing ovciioble 
C a ll O . N , P r o t a r 
W ils o n C o u n t y S a o J t y 
OHtrwr 3o3 *141 
MobMwi J93-O O IJ 
Own. 3 9 3 o 1 4 1 ______ ^ 

On hwy, fultv equipped, pool hall, low down, owner C orry yv»% 
828 o4*5 
73* 17*4 
334 4439 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
B ra n d new ele g an t e fficte u cn s, pool, sh ag ca rp e t, b lo clo se ts, fu n tn s tic k itc h e n R o b in s N e st 
Apt S38 Hoi Welts B lvd 333-OSi I 
A ir , 1 b e d ro o m a p l/ w ith view nicely turn, no pets. HOO, 731-VQ43 
B uildin g Site. high trc ffic count on a m ain street in Seguin . E x tra exposure with 149 ti. frontage, 2 building in good condition P rice d 
S79.ooo 
A P T S . F U R N I S H E D 

R IT T IM A N RO A T IH35 
T H E F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
656-1oo1 

M edina County near Hondo R u n ­ n in g c re e k , o il p o te n tia l. C a ll 
M ich ael K a lisk i. 828-S99S. 
• LINDA APTS. • 

233 HOW ARO 

I blk 
M e tro p o lita n H o s ­ 

 p ital, M e d ica l Pro fessio n al 
B ld g , 
Baptist 
H o sp ita l and M a in Bonk, I a n d 2 bedroom apts. S ta rtin g a t 

$ 1 75. Adults. N o pets. 

2 2 A - 8 4 9 2 

BOERNE 

I O A C R E S 

$1,ooo ACRE 

Q U I C K S A L E 

6 
5 
3 
- 
8 
1 
5 
8 

A PT S. F U R N I S H E D 

*33-42o*. 224-5184 
3 4 r £ C R Y r r S m l T 5 ! T A 
A la s c asa C o ..C re e k , a cc* * * co u n ty road around property. 1-3*9-4*83 d ays, oner *,1-3*9-2227 
________ 
158 acres near Sm iley Gonzales 
County SUM) per aero. O ld w ell all in p a s tu re . F ro n ts on H w y 87, term s availab le. 924-811*. nile* 
1-SS7 312* 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E i r r e r f f i ------------------ 
R a ilro ad frontage. m ilos south ol 
L oop 41o on Soutriton Rd. 82.ooo per acre. *53-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y lo S r U T I saute ol {on Antonio 
Highly im proved 
R O S E 
D A Y 
922 7284. 
__________________ 

B A N D E R A and E V E R S RD. 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 

6 8 4 -3 3 1 1 
M s id e Warehouses 
2oo6 so. ft and 28oo sq f> w ith offices. 
Low rent. 
Ja ck 
A lter 
342 4131 
O ver 21,43o so h on Austin Hwy 
N e a r T e r r e ll P la z a s n o o p in g 
C o n te r. S m a ll o ffic e b u ild in g . 
Ideal tor n u rse ry , used c a r let, 
: auto servicin g, etc 
Ben Lam b ert j Co. 1o51 Austin Hwy. 82»-8**3 

C o m m e rc ia l B u ild in g B a rg a in . 
32oo S q .F t. e a rn e r lo t, 58oo S. 
Flores. 
Ow ner w ill handle 
91J-4517. d o M M f fe c lA T b u l l b i r d . *666 sa ti pius 53o sa lt. storoae on 1.2 acres Fro n ts 13o' 13o7 Roosevelt, i Ideal retail location. O w ner c a rry 
1 $39,3oo 824-o284, R E A L T O R S 

 n CTlT a s e W 6 U i R g E ------- 
N eor F t Sam ond downtown. E l­ be Apts B ills Paid. S89 per ma. 
IJ27 47o2. 1934 6. Houston.________ 

— I A N C H L A N D S — 
Lan d P e r A ll Purposes 
No 7 Flin ts to ne, 78213 
344-993* 
GRANDEUR IS THE 
NAME OF THE SAME 
O n a of m o s t M A G N I F I C E N T 
V IE W S of b ill c o u n try N o ox ponso h a s been s p a re d on th is 
B E A U T I F U L H O M E w ith T IL E 
F L O O R S ond P A N E L E D W A L L S 
Central heat ond air. F ire p la ce s 
B E A U T I F U L B A T H S . W a lk in 
C lo s e ts 
S W I M M I N G 
P O O L . 
R e a s o n a b le p ric e . 5.3 A c. SE 
C L U D E D . N ot In D e vo lo o m e n t. 
On pavem ent near Boerne 

S P A C E F O R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A RO 
*74-2181 or 49S-3447 
13 m iles NW of B lanco, *3 m ile* lo 
Austin. 52 m ilts son Antonio To­ to! ta x e s o n ly i l l * 37. A lo t of livin g in this woo sa ti hom e on 
18’ a acres. Owner rinonced 
DOR IS H U N S IC K E R 344-993* 

A t t r a c t iv e 1 -b e d ro o m , d is h ­ washer. shag, pool B ills bd. 11*3 and up *2$ Deo IO M in Ft. Sam 
321o E I S E N H A U E R o ff H a r r y 
W u rrboch 82I-9I9S. 

8*1 N Si M ore s, near Sears and 
Baptist, pus and stares. 4 Room s re d e co ra te d . 135 w k. S14o m o. 
B ills 
Od 
224-o*29, 
733-824o. 
I *84-o834 
O r! C in c in n a ti, la rg o I h e d rm . 
SITS W ater-gas pc* 824-88*4 p a s a m Ti EJL'X fA A feKY Y------ 
I SAo1 B I E N V I L L E O R off W ennier 
; rd. M odern I Bedroom . »33-2**J. 

V e ry high tra ct of land with can ­ yon v ie w of Joshua V olle y w ill s o il on T e x o s V e te ra n * L a n d 
$1*oo per a cre. A lso, another I* o cre tra ct southwest at Boerne tor 
$85o per a cre Both tra c ts have abundant game. 

C o m m e rc ia l iu lld in g b a rg a in 
32oo Sa F t. c o rn e r lo t, 58oo S. 
Flores. Ow ner w ill bodle. 923-4317 rio w k ltO W N IH3S 
C orn er of access, good exposure, easy a cce ssib ility, shop or office. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

7*oo s a #Y., c lr hoot, nice d isplay a re a . 2317 V a n c e J a c k s o n Rd 
SASO month 733-o9*1, AV* 7777. isOO Sa F I 
B u ild in g o ff IN 35 
North, $185 mo *33-oo87 
5.ooo sa ft. c o m b in a tio n o rilc e w are h o u se so o ce at *o21 N a co 
P e rrin , 18e sa ft. *33-3773. 
{ T 6 6 a S e W e e M W 
W 
Tt r 
1.ooo sa it . 2oc s n *o« w nude brand 735-o9*1, *9*-7777. 

 ch eap est in Tow n! I*.ooo5a.F t 
R ear 32* A ran sas O w ner o72-oo92 

L A V E L B J - T O n R IS F B e a ^ H 
W aterfront hom o 3 bedroom . I'y both, c o m p le te ly fu rn is h e d B v 
Owner 329.3oo 342-93*3, 349 8*2* 

*84 o*oo R anches 492-279* w r.uea beou iy, la u re l trees and bluebonnets c o v e r th is 179 a cre tract in M edina County 12 m iles west of Loop 41o 3)ooo per acre 
Good a re a to sub-divide 974-811*. 
337 *927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

C lin Lew is, R ealtor 
B oerne 249 2o41 
S A 
774-7171 
8* A cre s. W ilson Co . S to ckd ale oreo. good w ater, im provem ents 
3*oo an o cre SJ2 *887. *4* o257 
57 A d s, T rees Coastal, H unting ca b in 3795-ac. O w n er fin a n ce d 
B o b b ie 
A n d e r s o n , 
G R E I N C A M P B E L L R E A L T Y . 
S A A 3 » s m . 1-379 2*34.__________ 
I i beau tifu l k ill C o u n try A cre s 
S385 dow n p a ym en t. $59.*o per m o. L o ts of porno. S p e c ta c u la r views 
C a ll for appointm ent 
734-79*4__________ 

P O Box 38o. Boarno. Tx. 78oo4 
(312) 3*9-211* OC 537 44o7 

1443 W H ildebrand, iu tt oft IM IO 
Quick possession T erm s flexible 
Lillian Hookey 735 6376 

 g '5o o - 3 p F 5 ¥ * r iiN iT > " h o r ~ w ore and lum bar in M edin a Lake oreo Owner w ill finance 
*84-4211 or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

37 a c r e s h ig h w a y fr o n ta g e , w a t e r - e lo c t r lc ity a v a ila b le , a oloce to live or for com m e rcial developm ent. 
8.ooo >a ft new m asonry building for solo. neor oxp ressw oy. easy term s tor strong buyer 
9.ooo sa ft . M ason ry building for loos*, m onth to month or long form 
4,5oo sa ti. buildin g with 73o sa ft of nice office* L arg e fenced lot, near expressw ay. 
P E A C O C K . R E A L T O R S . 824 OSU 

W A R E H O U S E 4ooo sa ft ClOSO to 
S 
Alam o ond 
S 
F lo re s st 
224-8397 w s r ----------- 1 I V A T IS ? 
(D O W N TO W N ) 
B R A N D N E W M A S O N R Y W A R 
S H O U S E 
*58o sa ft at 12c par sa it 2o it c o ilin g R R 
S p u r 
C lo se lo e x p re s s w a y C A R L O S 
S A N C H E Z , Agent 222 1o92 
*6x44 I b s i f t t s i lbtlr\6W . 
N O R T H tiO E C A L L 713 1o*4 

B e au tifu l p erm an en t creek runs through this 1ooo a cre ran ch in 
Blanco County. Cal* O uvid Nisbet. 
824-o13* 

434 A cre s and equipm ent tor suc­ c e ssfu l o p e ra tio n of one of the fin e st re so rt ra n ch o s in T e x as. 
E R N E S T S O A R O 

— 
6 L A U T r T e T ~ X m " N^ ~ 
Q uiet I b d rm , sh in y cle a n , new carpeting, w ater pd SMS d tp 3o5 
Breh on near 
Incarnate 
W ord 
*74-4113 ll* 4ue*n Ann ^ourt, 313o. bt” paid 1oo9 W Sum m it Bl IS. w aler p aid, liv in g , bed room , bath, kit chon Appointm ent *7* o3)6______ 

BOERNE 7 ACHES ll'» S E C T IO N ! Si 76 T e x o s P d n h a n d le 
D on G 
C o c k r e ll C o 
M em phis, Tx 8o* 239 2931_______ 

N ative rock hom e lust 4 yr*, old 
I m ay ru ra l livin g in J bedroom . 2 b a th horn#. L a r g e f ir e p la c e 
F e n ce d y a rd G ood g o rd o n and o rc h a rd . 2 b a rn s C o a s ta l B e r ­ m uda held tor burses 

Approx *4om$q F t m & o n ry bldg in dow ntow n B oorno. N ew roof, w ired tor in d u strial equip (312) 
317-4335 
H oi*! OFFICE 
B e a u tifu l b ric k hom e in g re a t location, porfgct for hom e office operation 3-3-2 africa, a ll Donated 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2321 
ID U A L " L g r f T i6 4 i to r p ro le s sionoi or light re ta il C a ll us ond let s discuss it 
34* 4**4 
N iles 
3*4-/o34 

Southside City of Boerne 
Lovely 3 bedroom . 2 bom hom e 
I O ver sized garag e, u tility room 
! an d w o rk sh o p T h is hom e h a s hardwood floors with oreo rue m 
, liv in g room A nice re frig e ra to r ond stove go wire sale. O nly 
I 327,VCO 

H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
R A N C H 
N e a r J u n c tio n -9 7 o A c r e s 
2 w ells witn concrete stock tanks 
Good barns, co rra ls, fence*. Lots of gam# M ile ot povod rood Iron tape L ik e new b rick I B R . 7 bath. fireplace. 
S323 
P E R 
A C R E 
T E R M S 
P h ilip O w o rd A Assoc 
Houston (713)4*2* 3o71 

Rent Furniture 
3 rooms $25! ! ^ 
FURNITURE HABING 
Of AMERICA 
65S 6o55 

CHH Lew is, R ealtor 
Boerne 2*9 2o*1 
S A 224-7171 
3 ACRE LAKE on *8 t r o t c o v e r e d a c r e s in 
G uadalupe County Good fencing, w ator lin e. tra ile r house, born , ond co rra ls O w ner financed 
12o Acres. 3' i m iles N orth o h 121 
4 bedroom , I ' i bum P re tty fa ir eld house, b o rn pons. good a c ­ cess. F o r Sale o n d F in a n c e bv ow ner. M ig h t do som e tra d in g 
«9S 89o3, »9S 32o3 

*o A C R E S hills, so rin g fed tank 
7o A C R E S : oak covered hills 
1o A C R E S : heavy lim ber, good hunting 
7o A C R E S cabin, hills, oaks 
231 A C R E S oak C overed h ills, s o rin g Iud la n k . c a b in . p en s. w alls, clo se in. O w n er w ill con sider trode 
J E R R Y W A G N O N A ASSOC 
ITS HOI 
344-7719 N iles m e r — r e p H T ftv — u r r e 
K E R R V I L L E 
* bedroom . 2-bath, lodge Tennis c o u rt. O n 23 a c r e s o r m o re 
S IM .OM I 8*4-3471 
~HiLT~?6Ufif6V 
IV 
11 a cre s on H w y 2*73 near S A and New B ra u n fe ls o v e rlo o kin g 
!lo k o 
L o ts o f gam # , no c ro s s i fe n ce s b etw een lo rg e ra n ch e s, sp rin g -fe d ton k, goad tre e s and g ro s s . S m a ll d ow n , o w n e r fin anted 4*4 2/27 4*4-1*11 
-------------- H d 'l l l K A K U -------------- 
M aer**, now m etal horse barn. 
I I M 1 1*3 indoor and outdoor aren as, IO stalls, race ru n t, nice ranch house, fireplace, pool *3 m iles lo 
S A E q u ity . T e rm s. N egotiable 
L A N D O N M A R T IN *94 *992 

Potential for m ore G oing E xx on s e rv ic e sta tio n in S eguin V e ry cle a n p iu s — N e a t 7 b e d ro o m , I bom home P ric e includes m ven tory ond equipm ent $34,5oo 

J room opt tlK 4 monWi, u tilities paid 224-8238 , 223-991*.__________ 
Room a ie iM anieJ. co ll *9*-6 Ws 
M a tu re sin g le w om an to sh a re lo vely ) bedroom . 2 both, b rick - hom e with den Hom e located NS in shengndooh. by U S A P - U T S A 
Room m ate Aoorfm ent M o te l 
We have se v e ra l people looking to r o c o m p a tib le p e rs o n C a ll 
M oU h m g ko r inc 3*4-1123 
__ 
Spot iou* 2 and I bedroom s Ideal tor young m a rried s witn a sm all child Th* B oardw alk offers J be­ droom s un turn tar 12*o 2 pools. club room and lau n dry Clos* lo 
W onderland ond C en tral P oth 
153* West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G illin g wetter Co 
S p a t io u * ' m o d e rn , b ric k ', i l l b r arian i i i 12* 4341________ 

S A. 224 7171 
N E A R S E G U IN . 2 go lf c o u rs e s o n d c o u n t r y c lu b - 
R iv o r | p riv ile g e s fish , sw im . bogtin g- I n ic e 2 b e d ro o m h o rn * , la r g e co rn e r lot fro e s, id e a l g a rd e n soil M O R E ! Ju st 118.85o 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
179 5947 
S E G U IN , T E X 
SOI E. Kines bury P O Box 1122 
S a c rifice ! Lots W o o d cre e k."Her 
$ho* Bay Best oner *51 8*4* 
4 u f r P g R T V k E » L U t b ------- 
S E G U IN 
M C Q U E E N Y A R E A 
125 P l Beautiful W aterfront 
Big fam ily homo a n e a r hom e ond incom e H igh location, m ony e x­ tras P riv a te area Low t*o s 
71* M IS , *9* o437, *99-oo13 
B E U L A H M A B K E L L E R 
Realtor 
" i f i l 'H T e 6 A { T l L " M 6 P 1 6 T V 
A ra n s a s P a s s a r P o rt A ra n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
M3 O ardtno_______ 
732-13*2 

Approx I* peres witn IOO ti Iron tap* on Cibolo C reak Com pletely fenced, oaks. elm and persim m on t r e t s lo ft on lr a n t I a c r e s to provide cover for w ild lift E xce l lent hunting risking. Owner c a rry w ith 15% to 29%down A t •% tor up to 2o years S2.oM an aero. 15 
M in . tram N orth Star M a ll A sk tor JO H N F L O U R N O Y , 141 72o1, 
4*2 29*7, 341-81*4 R E A L T O R S 

A cre s at C o a sta l w ith la rg e oak tre e s, sto ck lo n k . C ou n ty ro o d w ith o c c e s s lo p a v e m o n t e n ­ tra n ce N O A G E N T S P L E A S E 
I *47 IJ H AH t a m . 
----------TfTZTVIY---------- 
Lytle area 1o-13 A cre t fa ct W ell pum p-irrig ah on 
127-o127 W otson A Son *1o-12*1 

C e n t u r y 21 
S E G U IN R E A L L Y INC 

LOOP 16o4 N E 
I* 43 A c re s fro n tin g 4oo ttc t on 
Loop iom lng 
M eadow 
O aks 
Subdivision. 
14 94 A c re s fro n tin g 4oo feet on 
L o o t 14o4 N E reining a b o r t tract 
Coll 
E O 
C o lo ll * 5*1* or 
227 o1o5 

B ills od K H icirn cv. dee 
* mo leos* Neor F ' Soon 22* 4o4) r e f i n w i v i r E ------------- 

B e a u tifu l r iv e r fr o n t P r ic e d to sail E R N E S T S O A R D 
LA ivD tor country livin g, farm in g o r re cre a tio n , 2o I t m ilo s fro m 
SA. near P leasan ton and F lo re s ­ ville Owner end V eteran fin a n c­ ing a vailab le 
IJ A c re i. M ea pond. traps 
It A cres, liva ook (recs 
IS A cres, coastal or tarm ian d 
5o Acres, brush, m esquite, pond 
IM A cre s Oear, w velino. 
B ru sh and m esquit* 
T E X M A C R E A L T Y . SA 214 M SI. otter h rs Pleasanton 1-3*9-32o2 

248 OFFICE SPACE FOR HASE 

In ar owing N O sector Reasona bl* rates 
G re a te r s A 
Buriers 
A t MKI 
1925 N W IH IO «**-SOM 

 r i t i M g - f l f i C T T f :-------- t a r 2 room office a vailab le b ee suitable R L S tew art. I l l - 1 l l I 
514o Broadw ay 
----------------u n f i t ) U p---------------- 
Bv a ifb o rt S e creta ry an sw erin g service o voileb i* *94-32o3_______ 

APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-8351 
TEXAS VETS 
*S8*34* A N Y T IM E 
I A C R E S • Y a rm lo a d , exce lle n t soil. Uv Olde area O w ner finance. 
COM 9 ta 3. 34*1*13______________ 

IO A C R E S wast G uadalu pe Coun­ ty 
R o a d fro n ta g e , w o te r lin e , dark soli 
IO A C R E S e a st B e x a r C o u n ty 
Rood frontage, w afer Im*, tangy lorn* 

B v owner, 7 acres good farm land, to mt N. af B eam * on d ead end rd. ve ry secluded I 249 317* 
1 n w A w m n r v --------- 
Geed selection P e rm s Ranchos 
I 37* 3**3 1 379 371o 
Seguin. Tx 
Coos tai hay. la rfiiize d J ry slack 
B A R G A IN 
Poteet. 
1 3*9-4o7) 
H i l B 
_______________________ 

R E ALTOR*227-81o5 
MOT I C"~rTsT T " " H6UiT»fi. 
Owner w ill finance 
*84 4211 ar 751 9o43 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y c m u t ----------------- 
I unils. cereniai w hite colum n s 
Sum m er porcn«s Easy rent 
M A C R E A L E S T A YE 818 ISH 

 investor braker, m ust soft prim e p ro p e r tie s , 2o a c r e s en U S*o wast, tosh on Hw y tuO .O M 
7o acres on C o s h ovine city lim its all u tin bos, riv e r front S ite,O M Nom# your term s! 
John 
Pnuuott 
142 4oo1__________________ 

Mil Country lend, only IS m inutes tram S A N e x t Ie lo re * ra n ch , m ust sail bv A p ril. 8)ooo per acre w ith te rm s Ih e u ire now L a r r y 
M ac un* 494 S liv e r )4« 37*1 nites 
P A L E R E A L E S T A T E 
$o A c h e s - h u n te rs d e iig fil near 
G ot nor Stele P e rk I*,OM equity and take ever paym ents cf 1333- w ill ttn o n c * s a u lt * o r ta k e s o m e th in g in tra d e fa r e q u a l value I 713 3o41 or I 7l»*3o/ 
21 a c re s h u n tin g c o u n try . t f 4 i down paym ent. SO* 9/ par mo Bi* doer. tu rkey, J o v tlin a On fence 
Im* of largo ran ch Fm oh cod by owner 72o-o3o1________________ _ 

 land Locators af Texas 
EH icien ces. 1-2 and I bedroom s. turn or unturn 333-1 IM 
____ 
T i l l Fu rn ished I Bedroom Ap h , 
A ir, C a ll Any Day or E m . 7 3o 
A M 
9 P M 313 IQS! t i l ll: ^grm shoa t Bedroom Apt 
A ir, I E lks K elly C all Any D ay Or 
N ight / a rn 
IO p rn 921 o*34 

Larg a ! and I Bedroom s. 
F R O M $14o I U N F U K N $122 $o) ll* V A N D E R M E C K ll* 214* 
O F F *4M N N E W B R A U N F E L S 
YT'a T T W M ilita ry , lu rn . m obil* home, air, m rtrtary, t i 15 921-89H 

T E X - V E T S 
7s A c re s S W W ils o n Co W e ll. creek, power, road frontage A L L 
C A SH W ill E n te rta in 1-T 8X V E T S with S IM U L T A N E O U S Closing 
T. J . A A R O N , B R O K E R 

1 -6 2 5 5 8 2 2 
1 -6 2 5 2 1 1 8 
IOO to !4 l o r n ear Uvo>8* and b ro c k cH ville Good h u n t in g t o n nard Poariv f i t */$* 
T T i r a ' T c b T 4 " nee r r ^ v . ^ 7 
Good investm ent tor 
T E X A S 
V E T 
5 A C R E T R A C T S n e a r F lo r e s 
Ville R esidential or C om m ercrei r u t h 
M c B r id e r e a l t y 
1-3* 3-14)2 
~ m r w r N A T c i N Y o T r " 
U S a cre s creek dense woods 
J K L E IG H T O N . R E A L T O R S 
Vo "der pool TIMS 
111 944 >4oo w on t to lease I M SBM a cre s Pos lur* lone far cattie A ddress full info ie O T M cA lpin 528 S V an ­ diver. San Antonio TSM* w i y f i g g m m 
* --------- 
U n spo iled t i l a c re h ill ro u n iry ranch nwar P ip e C roak Tx Plenty of run n in g Su rin g w aler SM* af old indian cam pgroun d V ery un- iau« W ill sell 36 a cre s J)rn T aylor 
8H-4M B_________________ 

W E C A N X L L L Y O U R 
R A N C H F A R M OR H O M E 
IN TH E H IL L C O U N I R Y 
H O U STO N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
B te rn e . Tx 7IM4 
249 /It* or 149 J J U 
________ 
We R p im S 7 # e '{o a th T e x a s 
R anches, the la rg e st et w inch is 
WX peres p rice d from 33)/ It to tie ) 99 
P le n t y g a m e on a ll ten ch es C lo w n by e p e e iiiim e n t am* G ill en* H ut# Be* 18*. D il­ ley Tea I M I / P hunt 1/8 5343 et j 
W hoi lye* ftoncfi it* you a r 
R A N C H M A R K E T 22o l i f t 
RI ) Be* I U Sen Automa, f i j i * 

We hove at pi eeent a Msi at Texas 
V ets. w ho h a v e ro c o iv o a th e ir application (quick solo), looking tor land N orm of 3 A lf you or* interested in setting please give us o cell 

I Aer# en S u ip 'te r S p rin g s R d w ato r, e to c tr lc ity , se p tic to n k 
SLOOP *4* 149o 
I I M OST I a £ H s s end. on alm ost new hem* .gieeuni and spocious. with a fa n ta stic view tra m w in dows ond deck) O ver LISO sa ft 
B u ilt of n a tiv e stone and ce d a r with a cedar reef 4 bedroom s I beths, o fire p la c e in lh * liv in g room. a im m oi dining ream and a 
S a lt illo - t ile d g a m * ro o m I fab u lo u s, gourm et k itch e n 1 
3117.3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
»9e48tl 

P e rfe ct tor re al estate or in s u r­ ance busto* ss R ecep tion room la rg e p n v a rg office 4 salesm en others, la rge p kg lot SJM mo Not leos# 4*8 ITM eves w eekends to I A lt' a I 6 K 6 K T r o a d w a y 
A R E A A N O L O O P 418 For 1*o*o, s m a ll o ttico . p a n e le d , ult* od 
Answ ering se rvice a v a il at a d dr lie n al cost For fu rth er info call 
341 7794 or SIJ 3o1o eves 
o # F t f » ' s 6 T « 
A r E H?) U SE 
OR R E T A IL S T O R E 12o4 W EST 
A V E IN Q U IR E I2(NI W i l t A V E 
B R E N N E R CO >44 W \ 
_ d ill ce space. N E . furnisned, im* m edial* occu pancy, u tililie s paid. 
O ale C la rk 83* 3331. H e n ry S 
M in er Co R e a lto rs 
__________ 

 f U l i c l l l i f i V s o O ' i ! A st S' 6 1 Si' m o b ills P a ia 
111 W f n e t. l l ) *o19 aHor J.__________________ 
Y U 1 W T J R T U T H 
U iiiilie s o J shop . I peals. 31*5 U P P ain ters 
M ill U M B ianco 3491271 
___ 

I N O R TH P A N A M l i t 1/1* 
M O N F R I 4 i 

S A *47 11)4. **7-131) 
JO m inutes norfii of Jon A i.ion .o. J acres, 33*oo. rinoncm u a v ailab le bv ownei 33*487*_______________ 

R E A L T O R S _________________M L S 
L IU ) De«d#J""acres, l l m inutes from downtown 3 A , on d ivid e d 
US Hw y D M irrig o to d a cres in cultivation ar in coastal berm uda 
P ro p e rty h ip h ly im p ro v e d w ith peed poten tial tor d evelopm en t 
'im m o r a l* ie be c o n v e y e d 
C n a p a rro s e A g n S e rv ic e . 1o8o 
N R C blue 
San 
Antonie, 
Tx 
113-227 SIU! f t H » A * l f W 
U L i -------- 
I* M ir r (paled aer#*, off P e a rsa ll 
P d S3 with control tar and heel p lu s s m a lle r I b e d ro o m , both, 
Hytop ream and k itch e n , la rg e stack lo n k . co m p le te ly fenced, reduced t* SS).SM 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
S W W W H ITE Owner anxious to soil this JO*«*o9 H property Just a tow blocks from IH i i b e great tor strip c e n te r, re s ta u ra n t, or m ony other extras 
924-7311 

C a v e l vc w olk w ay fro m c a r ti ap l . laun dry ond m ailbox a rco si you won t g el d re n ch e d, la rg e roo m s sa you w on t b a rk you shins 342-911) 424-1594 and se# 
TH E K IN G S T O N A P T S 
JIO) vane* Jackso n F a r TCC 

(F A R M 6 R A N C H R ealtors) 
Dependable Since '*35 
4 8 / N Zp rtom ero, 4117M) 
24o Irrtutdd Ac S6So Ac d/ell, bores, house, L a P ryo r 
124-9*43 
7)o 17** 
534-443* 
W ATSO N A SON R I A L TOR S 
Lorge 'b e d ro o m near town, air, w ater pa SIS 341-7M* eves 

I arg# } br dlroom due Vex n ear b ro a d w a y -H ild e b ra n d . | I 7 ) M month 49* 13*4 or 4)3 4334 

- T 
T v i i r r w r w r i K i 
G R O U N D i E V I L D U P L E X E S 
F U N N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H ILLS A P T S 
7931 C 
SOU TNC R O S ) 
1)4 44o* 
O A - T u m r 6 n m " g it Ir'e e lT 
• av. re d e c o ra te d I b e d ro o m s 
31*4 Plus I t ) u till lie i 1711122 

954 A C R E S 
Loco tod l l m iles n p iiri ot Bred*. geed sheep and com e ceuntry. «M 
Ac cult . plenty wetar. m iner a n valuable pas. ))** aer acre Ph 
*13-34* 3717. R ich a rd Jones, Star 
RI Lehn, Toxos 7*1)2 
---------------- i i i f W TI------------------ 
M arble Poll* area, adead road, I b e d ro o m ra n c h ty p e h o m e on bluff with m agnificen t view. car- ae tod. paneled den F re n u m F P e lectricity toiepnen*. 4 enclosed hurtling blinds, stock took deer, gov*, q u a il end ether g am e 
A quiet p la ce to re la x 
V L B lean m n , be btsum e Cad L H Schen d e l. R E A L T O R o w n e r ( S I I ) 
*$*47*4 IN I *5* 37*) SHOW N B T a p p o i n t m e n t c u t t y __________ 

Three can snore a J bed) a i toe B o ard w a lk tor $1 
P o o l, c lu b ro o m a n d Ii 
Close to 
C en tral 
Po 
W onderland 
333* West A venue 349 
B a rry Grilinpw dtot 

Curly m esquite, rive oaks. te rce sandy loom . toed tine rn me 
124 4*43 
734-174* 
*73 4*2* 
W ATSO N 6 SON R E A L T O R S 

 n * A I U ! l » V I L r r - f l ' T 7 u “ of deer, turkey, rotting hills ond flow ing sp rin g s E le c tric ity end phene a v a ila b le 324.444 O w ner nom inee 494-S12I (A N Y T IM E ) 

Pnttigntis 
Otto BUQ-Narthwesi tory, I2 ,)N s e it en lr tam 

N o rth o u i of the re c h a rg e w ith large oaks, view, and URI* cedar. cum vestee, paved read Ironton* 
2 m iles from B u lve rde school* in 
C om al 
County 
Owner term s. 

" 'B o lf ls H U N S IC K E R IM *934 
C e n t u r y 21 
Sole or Lease, build m f a l i i i * 
Therssen. B re m e , Tx L a rg e sales oreo in front, w arehouse in re a r 
1423-eSM. 
{ o n " o r e 6 'h i* bldg G**8 Avn lei. owner Iiim iko- Lennar a Rear tv. 734 47S4 
H S T H ■ R -^ irrr snow room . w ar 
•nous* N W b u sin o s a d is tric t. m e r Leap 4 it. excellen t tor cen t r a d e r , t o r t e fe n ce d p a rk in g fron tag e en two m ain thorou gh la r e s , r e e d y to r o c c u p a n t v 
P m sd tor im m e* ref* sate Le re n 
D rum 4)*-**/1 i Bo w ent Ce 

A T n d c r e s l S o f not L o t 
A p p re • 
% a cre en b u sy street suitable tor sm a ll bu sin ess C e il tor Pe toils 42* 4171 

T o S e ttle e s t a t e s 
I Duplex ton, side bv side approx 
119x148, 3*o4 C(retrial SI OH Basse 
Rd Mob* offer, C all ll* S il l or 
433 1*44 

G A R G A N H A I (OS 
C L U E R O O M S 
Q V M A N D S A U N A S 
I 2 3 B E D R O O M S I 2 K A TH t i i i le s i/ i- B i l l s p a i o 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S 
43*4191 j e ll B A N U F R A R O A D 
Between H*Hcrest end CoRepi 

 a m r n 
. 
N e w B r a u n f e ls H ill C o u n tr y 
P io g e rty School 9 Assoc 8*oitv 
447 
S 
Seguin, 
N 
B rg u n le lt 
42S M / I 
..... ............... 
I U Y oak c« v fr e d der es.' “ Sew e v e n o u k in g s p rin g ted toke 2 wells, fenced, sm all raftage, 281 
North Owner. 48*t/37_______ 

2 bedroom s, I baths, new Tim ely hem e en b e au tifu l I a c re t r a d 
C le e k fre n tog e . re ad fron tag e . w aler hue end sr#He se slam land U) w o n all Has t i 9*7 lls* . 4*7 D l l i b w i i p r r u 
T i T i f H 
T S' 
Buy your tone irons toe n o h .e s 
P IP E C O B E R TX *v) MAC 

Sell no lo n g o r n o o d o d h o u se h o ld ltom » In tho 

K x p r « 8 B - N « w » 

P R I M E O ffic e s p a c e on n e * 
N orth f xp reetw u y near e irp g rl 
Reasonable rales, covered Pkg oil conveniences 
SH HH t i jdiii y g 

 m r f a * mf o » , o . f e ?1ic'eV** y n 
SU H . Silo PUI* an 7 34 *19* 
I Y Y f Y r r "8 f I iT fT U T T n 
A V A IL A B C B p i once re toe beau lito ' Rvhde B u ild .ne O ver took mg 
T u rtle C re e k G e lt C ourse, n ear 
♦ v t - yth ng S evg rp l gee m en uf tire s new aeon tor r e e l ,n ig e r 
H e n 
438. 44# end 1*3 sp ti 
• *a.!ebto R O h o I CO 
R k A l 

M O D E R N E F F I C I E N C Y F U S I 
SI JO to tH S I D I T H ST m 111) 
S U f I L " g i l l r l e n t V A p e r lm e n ls en d R o o m s 
My D ay 
W eek or 
M u n ih 
o12 *112, 
P E * 47*7 
L E ) I D I - C A ) *1o2. N e a r P l 
Sam TA J H77 
S ir i n i e ftn 'T roem's. T o u r : p « r 
R te air W elti ad Ne pols SD* 
)TV)$49_______________ fiTxar y r l i m I i i ' C lt o h p , i b u m ga* water ae s i to 
I i i 6ifril m 
DIAK FT TIU 
*— 
N ice eH ictencr apt c a rp e l air wow were _____ 
• mer-ga* pa H i f i r Stet cfi ■ lo t (R S U M I 
Ne#* fit «8icW i i|p< TfVTl 
■ 
?' """"" pius brit* m<s R o tte n 428 * 394 a t a# r k > »> # s u p t * 
»ree n * n 9 
N l f r S H l l T “CI"! I T m | n T reeu ir* io n n B KcceM 4re*«* a** 38$ e p u lf FII ^BBX sd* Genie, plpg lie 7911 ll* M 73 
^ 

 im 4 d .c to .N u N M * 
B M B tsJfll 
• *d *4%* i l M 
H 
* &«#*«*•* e ft 
W1* 6i: * foi*# dM 
<1# 
|f#t- #4# 
I M 
I i-1# 
H •**! 
IB. nr"?# s i u I I I !*•« i i i I H I •* t i l I M I 

*1132 Kilt! FRlSICHn 

 nso PE!) ACRE 
2* l l a cre s tra ct re e k e r A rea- 
H e a v ily w a e d e d . 
G ee# h u n itn e t is * d ew n - 
3*99 l l mew this § m e w /ewe* f****J7 
F T F T T f f i n r T S ------------ 
U n iau e I* p e re s tn p e rm a n e n t s p rin g fe d c re e k 
R ig s p rin g o r i. e f t n*f in a de**lepit««nl 
I or rn* i m Tov or 824 *8*4 

WKY S H TU FOR LISS fWCUIIVl MECH awe pad u n utaai 139 OC 
A umaue pad u n u teal 139 pere* el 
H i l l C e u a fr y M ind, la c p le d i t en n u i# * N o rth o f I A gn th e 
Creole Creak 39 acre* a* beworn lend • eat ta W we** d«*spw«a 
•BE gator to rn m* or fish sla c k e d w re , Mui ie car i pts are iu»i tam e e t to e fe a tu re * fb i* p r o p e r ly offers mown* now 

Merchandise 
Mart 
Ell SSK COUNTY 
•im piety IO m r* t e l 

RANCH 1o6 WCi3 it re* et ico n ic him I * 
CAH HIU ISIAH ll* 
O' 
1*4 47*1 
I n«e lo a d e d w it h w a I It t * tot g* tokes .turnerbus creek* . po ae* a m li m e a t p ad ##*>u as 
•ss C M M a N * ilh t E A I *N e i r e m a u ir a a a a 
L a r r y 
Macurse. ( H i l t f ar K l i ' l l nu** 

 s is s i 
. 
- 
. . 

GeaO kun fiag IM aero* I i po t pyre. 3% bowe p a twtaai i rn Pie .m ere,. Oaa*< bhp* 
C o il 714 /o*4 

F a r m r * m *K. M il 
I M I m 
M N o i fir im »ure 

CALI HAI ULA!! 

5age 18-D 

 wmmmmmmmm 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Morch 6 1977 

RENTALS 
J 
4o1 APARTMENTS FM 
TSI RPRRTMMTS TURN 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
^ E F F IC IE N C Y , I, 2, 3 BED R O O M APTS. Con- yL 
^ v e n ie n t living at moderate prices r a n g in g ^ p^from $155. 
Pools. Tennis 
C r a t e s . 

BABCOCK 
VILLA APTS. 

 prices ranging to $365. Fully equipped. 2 
Courts. FURN. O R UNFURN. 

* 

I 
* 
736-3322 

4o4 tfRAIMENTS RNFIIBN 
484 ■ RPMTMHITSIINFIIRN 

 rI I 

 n o r t h e a s t 
C O N V E N I E N C E 

U T I L I T I E S P A I D 

I 

□ (yardfit Settings 
□ Private Patios 
□ Pools ami Party Room 
U Kfficienrieti, I and 2 
B ed room s 
□ Dishwasher. Drapes and 
T V Antennas 
□ U alk to Northeast 
' 
Sch ools 
□ ('.lose to Fort Sam 
D 3 M inutes to W indsor 
Park M all 

CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 

F u r n is h e d o r U n f u r n is h e d 

1-2 -;* B E D R O O M 

Single and Family sections, All bills pd. Lighted Swimming pools, arty room, 5 Min. Windsor Park Mall. I 5 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 - 6 6 6 o 

O f f I I I 
O n B itt in urn 

Bode 

NORTHEAST AREA 
FIND HAPPINESS TOO AT 

H errin <3*1 aza ? 

GARDEN APT. 
With wonderful neighbors in o clean spacious en­ vironment, reflecting core, maintenance and pride, located back to back to Perrin Flora Shopping C en­ ter off Perrin Beitel Rd. j. 
6 5 5 - 7 1 2 2 w 

J 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(hist off Broadway and N o r* loop 41o) 

(doss to Crown Tower Bldg.) 

• Adults O nly 
• Home like atmosphere 
• large I bedroom opts. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid 
828-42oo 

4o4 APARTMBITS-OVM 

VERY SPECIAL 
C o n d o m in iu m tow n house, 3 b e ­ d r o o m s , f a m ily ro o m , 3 f ir e ­ places, double sarape, beautifully decorated. A lam o Hats. Schools 
Fo r Appointm ent coll 
Action Apt. Locators, 824-2333 
V IL L A N E O A K S A p T S! 
1-2 Bedroom s, and E ffid ences 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
8o11 N. New Braunfels 828-4242 

• 
S8o-RATER PO 
• 
I or 2 bedroom s, 3o3 E. Courtland, bus of door, walk to SAC. B R E N ­ 
N E R CO. 344-3471 
3o1o9 1S W. M agnolia 
A p a rtm e n ts fro m HOO a n d u p ­ r e a r SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines. Coll 733-o857. i 945 W. T ra v is, 4 ro o m s, bus, school, bv Centeno 
I. 344-7995 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private adult and family section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodstone Drive 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

T M T o c re sH 'b d rm T flre p T o c e l'o ^ hunting, fishing, S3So 
United, 735-9121, fee (559-1) 
2 1, available M a rc h 2, no pets or children, 1423 W averly, 734-o58o. 
1 bedroom, i both, large denToir? fenced S25o 434-4448 
2 Bed room , heat-air, H is . mo. water pd. After 4 P M 735-4143. 

J Brdm . P orn house, plus fam ily room. Old neighborhood, close to 
Trinity U. M calliste r Pw y. SISO, p lu s u tilitie s. $75-D ep. R e n ta l agreem ent contract. CA II 733-o481 oft 4pm 
Duplex, neor Pi. Sam , I bedroom , 
I bath, fenced, water pd. SOS. mo. 
828-2722. 
H I G H L A N D P K 
S o u th sid e , 4 child welcome. 

* n 
« p f h apartments 

Free Utilities 
Country Living in the City 
I -bedroom Apts. now available 
6 miles north of loop 4 IO on Babcock turn left at Springtime 

6 5 4 2 Spring Branch 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

 leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 14 
1 Bedroom $1 SO 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FUfeN.-UNFURN. 
All Uttktiei Paid large ploy around*, Basketball Goal, Shul ria bourd, lighted tennis court, 3 lorge swimming pooh. Near 
Brtwks Af.B, State Hospital, 
Paean Valley Golf Course. 
Truly m e beat rental value in town. 
2715 losses 333-5339 

CPM CORPORATION 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apt*. 
AN Electric 
Kitchens. 
Outside Storage. N S. Schools 
4 4 1 1 G ardend ale 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 

2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or U n­ furnished. 

11721 Parliam ent 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

 s £ y 

Q uiet H om e 
Style Living 

Effic. to 3 bdrm 
Townhouses with fireplaces 
12 floor plans 
Adult A family Areas 

6 6 2 3 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

EFFICIENCIES 
1 -2 -3 B e d ro o m Flats 
B e d ro o m T o w n h o u s e s 

3 8 1 5 Parkdale 
6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

 to 3 

THE GREEK HOESE 
I Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 
72oo S. Presa 

 t i t 

 a 
U p tm o re 

 a n d A s s o c ia t e s 

532-7389 

 if/ 

* i o r . 

W e ’ l l f i n d 

 y o u r s , f r e e . 

O O M 7 D A W A W VK 
OOM CON IHtOUeitOUT TEXAS 

3121 N.W. LO O P 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

 m e t e r c o p h s p o n d a i c * t o 
41X1 ti C W T R A l IX PWY 
DALLAS. TIX. 782o8 

HIU TOP VILLAGE INC. 

HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

512-257-7911 

A Methodist Ministry to the aging, providing 
3 levels of care 
Retirement, K H I, ICF III Refile men! rotes storting of $241 month 
Nursing rotes sorting of S33S mon­ th. 

 i t t a t t t t t 
2 LA PLAZA* 

3 4 1 4 6 2 1 

• I 2 -3 Bedroom s a Single and Family 
Sections 

 a fireplaces 

• Tennis 

115 HW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Mall 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• a 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

Luxury living in North­ east San Antonio 
FROM $215 

6 5 6 - o 1 8 2 

8835 WILLMON WAY 

 roam duplex, 
824 2233. 
______________________ 
H ighlands I bdrm , garage, fenced for all, w ater pd, $1oo 
United, 735-4121, tee (493-3) 
L a rg e i b d rm house, se p a ra te dining, air, kids O K , call 
United, 735 9121, fee (559-2) 
N E carpeted, I bdrm , air, kids- pets OK, lust $135 
United, 735-9)21, tee (5o9-2) 
151 N E W P O R T ( N E ) , (u rn 2-1, air, fence, gorage, 5145. 824-7913. 
724 R E X F b f t D , ( N E ) , 3 1, air, fence, 514o. 824-7913. 
4 ' r '6 o' m " H O U S E *. 
P R ii F E U 
S M A L L 
F A M IL Y , 
N O 
P E T S . 
732-552o 
_______________________ 
Sem t-Rural rack cottage, 2 room s, sc re e n e d p o rc h , n e a r M e d ic a l, 
Center, U T S A . U S A A area. N o pets, no children. Deposit. P o ssi hie work exchanged tor part rent 
494-2444.____________________ 
Sm all house, 575 m o 338 R iver- side Or. South, single or couple. 
448-245o. 
155 4. S k ip p e r . ( O lm o s G o lf 
Course), 2-1. air, fence, den, g o r­ ses. 824-7913 
Students I bdrm , carnet, gorage, all bills pd, 514o 
United. 735 9)21, tee (5o9-3) 
5145 fake this J bdrm , no lease, double garage, kids-pets O K 
United, 73S-9121, fee (5o8-1) 

4o8 HONES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

A A A A A A A A r " TTfiTTenTTnTt 
W h y no) ow n y o u r ow n hom e. 
Som e only 51oo down! N o credit? 
No problem I 922-17o4, 473-4714, 
474-75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A A A A A A Hom e of your own can be yours for a s little a s 52oo down and paym ents less than rent. No credit? No problem ! 
J4 U J te a lty 474-O M£_ANYT1hME 
A (fho.ee or I 4 bedroom home- to rent. L e a se w ith option lo buy 
Own your hom e N O W ! 519o to 55oo mo. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
49o-899o E v e s 494-88o5, 342-7712 

K E Y C R O U P 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES , 
$ 

SIU BUS1MESS flPPBBIilNnitSi 5o1 
5o1 CDSINESS OPPORHIMTIES : 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
DAIRY QUE Bl 
R a is e C H IN C H IL L A S 
F o r P R O F IT I 

N'xide, w e n SO, idee fixture*. 
Oro*. M S , OOO yv. M SO O Mn. 
RN! MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Owner 12 yr*., Oro** 812o,ooo. 
Net* $27,ooo yr. Good parking. 
£3J,OQO. Term*. 
*MY8RAPHW61 INVESTIGATION 
Top account*. WNI ta ach now 
5 wrier. 
Net* 
82o,ooo yr. 
15,ooo Un. 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY fixture*. 
» xerai4II 
SUK TOFF Meaty 
, net* 825,ooo, 

,1 SiP ^ T F o d D -o P d A T T O N 
A ho to go. Owner IV yr*. Alw ay* hw y. Nett 814,ooo yr., 812,oo6. 
Pl USM RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed drink louvre*. Brais­ ing 84o,ooo me. *hart hr*., good besa, M O H ISO, 8*5,ooo dn 

■ w hine. I*adv of xneyntdxer. M SO O . 

 el clean. 
Seat* 
SO. 

575oo- 
" • « 
- * ’ 5 ooo " • 

WST MOOR STORE 
N 'l, Bn# fixture*, Oro** 8125,ooo 
Nets 835,ooo yr. $5.OOO ♦ rtock 

BUSY NORTHS©* RESTAURANT 
M ixed drink*. Seat* 12o. Oro*. 

J f f fio ft d n ***** 
$4° 'ooo 

LARGE BUSY WASHA URIA 
Close to hu e . D ron ing 533,ooo 
A nets 811^X1o yr. 895oo dx. 

NY GROOMING SAWHTsUPPUO 
Top spot. Best clientele, (st. 13 yr*. Net* 81o,ooo yr. 85,ooo dn. 
SEVERA! MIXED DRWI a u lS 
N I, real money makers, dear fixtures, good perking, lease*, 

EXCURSIVE RtAUTY SAWN • 
N I, » operator*, gras* 855,ooo 
Net* 515,ooo yr., good lease, 

1 A IV Co: 
(UL (JcLCoUo 
735-9458 
2oo3 N. M A IN 
735-8611 

5o1 • BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

FIRST TIME OFFERING: 
Now for the first time, a DISTRIBUTORSHIP with the ac­ counts already established for immediate (ASH FLOW, 
Top quality items from the nation s top manufacturer. 
Men or women, part or full time. Company will help finance future expansion and will offer franchise privileges with no franchise fees to distributors who qualify. Must have $4,548.oo investment secured by in­ ventory. 
Coll (214) 253-7372 or write: 
W holesale Division 
5821 Harvest Hilly Suite 2o65 
Dallas, Texas 7523o 

BUILD YOURSELF A 
ST ,ooo,ooo BUSINESS! 

According to exptrt* in our field, this figure h COMSHVATIYE! W* hove wived one of industry s moor A most col tty problems — METAL EROSION* Our mid 
NUWER. IN! ly major oil compoi shops with phenomenal ond time tested results. This process was developed int. Our compony is weking 

 die coating process is PATENTED, PtdVtN, INEXPENSIVE, SIMPLE and WITHOUT 
OMPAttSON It is being used by major oil companies and small machine 

 ofter several years of reword! and dw.topment. qualified indmduais for WHOLESALE DISTIliUTOtS 
M IN IM U M INVESTMENT REQUIRED: $12,5oo. 
N O IX PM HHC! CM TVCMNKAl BA C K O iO U N O NCCISSAtV. W rit* or 
C A U C O U SO ! 
Mr. Redford, AEROCOTE CORP. 
62o1 Sonhom m e, Su it* IOO 
Houston, Toxao 7 7 o 3 6 
(7 13 ) 7 7 1 -6 7 3 6 

S C 
B 

! 

ADULT LIVING 

WONT DOOR BUS SERWE 

I BEDROOM, $17o. 

2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

POOL. UTILITIES PO CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER ANO POST 
OfEKl 
THE 
HABITAT 
3 * 1 3 WEST AVE. 
344-772o 

Le t u s fin d y o u r s — 
24 H r. 
TOWNHOUSEAPARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
8 2 8 - o 6 8 T 
FREE— N o ch arge to y o u 
"7k* A i f i u li M li Ie met. 

V 4 p a i t i M l £ i - 

U t f i a u M 

A M. Schoo ls, I blkT W o o d rid g e 
EIO., 3-2, dan. appliances, control air, drapes, 5325. mo. 82# 124), 
733-84oo 
A f r e r a t iS / f e N e a r e a j-i , Air. stove, refrig., dishw asher, ditpo- sol. fenced 521o 435-44o? 
B a rga in lim e! J bdrm , kid! pets welcome, 59o, fenced umtad, 735-9121. fee (544-3) 
I Bedroom , I beth Duplex, fenced yard, large lot, carpet, refrigera to r a n d sto v e , w a te r p a id . 3 
B lo c k s to S a n P e d ro . 521o. 
341-2222 Anytim e. C E N T U R Y 21 
R o y Teal, Realtors_______________ 
1 bedroom. 2 both townhouse, all appliances, central air-heat, car- pet, drapes 535o m o 484 9o14. 
5 Bedroom cottage, fenced yard. 
Ne, near Ft. Sam and Randolph, 
5193 455-4838 otter 4 P M 
2 Bedroom house, no children, no pets. 514o. m o plus utilities and 
55o Dep Call atter 5PM . 223-2545, or 922-7133. 
B io 3-2-1, den, central air. bunt- ins, plus reefer, 523o 
United, 735-9)21, fee (522 2) 

S135 SISO. 
B L A N C O R D and B A S S E RO. 
1-2 Bedroom s G cs-W ater Pd. 
453) B A S S W O O D 342-37o2 
B rin g the kids. 3-1' ( C P , stove, air heal. storage, fenced. 514o 
United, 735-9111, fee (512 2) 
3-1-1, Cam elot I, all kitchen op- p lio n c e s. carpet, c o v e re d and screened patio, storage building, fenced 5225 m o 454-4742 a w n 'S f ii. L i v e ry a . 
Month 122-3o41. 
C arp eted J-l-l, cant a ir- heat, builtlns. fenced, kids, pets. 52oo 
United. 735-9121, fee (44o-1 
4715 Cheddar 3-2 den nice 

A C T IO N A R R O W S IG N S 
DIRECT M A N U F A C T U R E R 

 with 4 lines et V 
COBY 
Utters, Bulbs lighted Message 

• Fleshing Arrow 
For tai* or feast. 
(Rentals Available.) 
Wa do oar own financing ixdusivt Dtaferships Available. 
CAU COLLECT (713) 455-7574 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 
4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

AUSTIN ARMS APTS. 

2 33 o AUSTIN H W Y . 

I 
R ental R ates 

 j 
S tartin g From $151 . 

All utilities pd. 

655 -o 42 1 
<&££•' 

 x x 

LARGE 
I BEDROOM 
ONE BATH 

‘ 1 9 o . , . ‘2 1 o . 

 ten Hear (Ham ta cheet* hem tee exquisite adult living AH britt gat i 
(selection loom, large bokom**, outdoer I e I 
Que grrih. Kernel en. hrs jinx et and beamed teeing, 

1o362 SAHARA OR. 

349-2617 

Near 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 
Limited number of et tic tent ies and 
I bedroorr opts. N ow available 

58oo 
MEDINA BASI ROAD 
674-7oo4 

IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 

1 Bedroom I Bath 5142-5199 
2 Bedroom I Baht 5159 5221 
3 Bedroom ? Bath 5179 5244 
All Utilitios. Central A ir and Heal, 
R e frig e ra to r, R a n ge . D isp o sa l, 
D raperies. T V Antenna, Storage 
U nits and M o r t A p p roxim ately 
15 M inutes from M ilitary Bases 
924-84)8 
29)4 Roosevelt Ave. 
Just eft babcock at 41o 
2 bedroom ? bath 
2 bedroom with fireplace 
I brdi oom 
A ll e le c tric kitc h e n , carp eted , utilities furnished 
O A K H IL L S A R M S , 342 331o; 
349 *215 k i N S w iL L .A fv i A roo tw o lu x u ry I b e d ro o m a p is a v a ila b le 
525o 
Contact 
D avid 
Devore, 
227 8572 
L A l A M b l l A A p t s 

A B E A U T IF U L W A Y TO L IV E 
L o rg e trees, covered terrace, 2 bedroom s. I or I baths, lorge clo­ sets, available 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock al N W. Loop 418 
341 1228 

AU UTILITIES PO a K O O K S M C C R E L E S S A R E A 
L a rg e I bedroom , union, 5149 
L a rg e 2 bedroom unturn 52o5 
S O U T H P O IN T A P A R T M E N T S 
5588 
S 
N E W 
B R A U N F E L S 
533-1388 
A P T : U pper Low er, reasonable. couples, ut bus slog 732 452# 
ATII4 PBM’b k I bedroom:n e 
SISO 522-848o or 715-4455 m u T i r i r r t r e o u i z z n & r r * g a rd e n C om plex, neor B ro c k ra - i id e e Rh. T r im ly U a n d D o w n ­ town View of City Pool L au n d ry 
M o d e r n e n d com fortab le M a n a g a r. M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C k 
A P T S H I S E M utbar ry, 522 S*i4 

7 B M M . 
I MTN 
O n b u slin e n e o r schools. *< pd t i f f >34-4151- >58-3471 o .d .'« o 4 C l a n c y , d ado, pm fo c i cond 
*31 W 
H u is o c b * . 
A vaitabte 
I 15th 
735-8834. 
B M H R . 
I 
I S Z I i M r n 
SOI K d b 4 e ll a p l T. w a te r p a id . 81 *• d e o e s il 
735 14*9 534 1711 
CoH ut obi#* bor clos# ** 

• WAKEFIELD-STARDU5T • 

APARTMENTS 
• 
Neatly totaled en burin* I, J. end 3 6*<now.h SHO ie 
^ 
, :',o On let tai < nm hor* 4 © both SIO, doll 

O R I B e d ro o m to w n h o u se s , b ills od. 52o8. to 5225. n e w ly decorated N o pets or children. 
524-47o7 or 884-47OO 

PLANTATION HOUSE APTS 
I bdrm 5148, townhouse 5225. all bills Pd 344-7o93. 
FT A M Y 
------------ 
All our apis hove large pahos or b a lc o n ie s , s to r a g e ro o m w ith every apt ana lots of closet space 
3 bedroom , I both or I bedroom . 2 bafh Coll today 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock af N W LOOP 41o 
341 2221 
IY K P l F A U N t f t k h b ------- 
Southside I b e d ro o m apts. car. pated, pool, clo se lo sh o p p in g, sch o o ls. A ll b ills pd 
5155 m o. 
927-4oo1, 522 1383. 

Pm thbns NMklwligod 
H a t e 2 netiroom , 7 b a th s with 
F re n ch doors, la rg o boxed w in dow s, b e a u tifu lly la n d sc a p e d , very private 
S A. A P A R T M E N T L O C A T O R S 
__________ ltd H O ' 

.5245 
Babcock 
R d 
I bedroom duplex ................................ $11$ 
B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y 
341-4455 
C K 6 i t t f e l k V A i i ---------- 
3 Bedroom s. 2 baths, rang#. $2oo 
I Bedroom s. 2 baths, im m ediate occupancy, 52oo 
I Bedroom s. 2 baths, 2-car p a r­ ade. 529$. 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 453855o m o d e rn hom o. 
C o u n try Living, scenic ranch. 2o m in S E yard, sw im m ing im m ediately $185 447 1379 

Fenced 
Availab le 

C ou p le t delight, p lu sh ? t)3ri»n plenty of air. NW, S it s 
United, 735-9121. too (577-3) i-l-l. den, . orp. fr, overed ouf.o 
:ed yare 
D 5 ~ 7 5 U~ g y A llt k rent or leos. with o glion to buy or ow n your own hom e? 52o8 545o m o Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 82o-o755 hi 8 pm 
D c r m n r n ----------------- land. located near Lock- 
R e frig e ra to r, stove, a n d d ish w ash e r Included B ills paid 
5245 344-4287, 484 433o 
Doonie Owens Co. o O T r r s r w T R T T 
Isl f M A H A 
52*5 
M O 

REGENCY HOUSE 

MRlodtlv ro ca T o d V a 1 V d r V i f o u M b i l h i l c V . t M r . r f 
Golf Course Ira r n l? J i bills od 

£ 
8 5 o 6 WAKEFIELD 

^ 
344-4558 s 

 wafer 

CLOUBKAVEN APIS 

. a m f i r m r 
Ik I t * 1ooo 
I Haets* IM O NIW S 

CONVENIENCE 
Loo# 418-Vonce Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M 5235 B IL L S PO. 
P A R K D A L E A P T S 3438191 
Dkffex eof IR iOsOll oiion MiMs I 
.. I room, I bam. 5215 mo 49o 9113 or 412 liv e 
M i I UufiOCb*, J doom bachelor apl Stove, retrig, carpet, air, 54o 
7&I775 

FONT A1NBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
Luxury kvrnf at radtanobie ark# 
Lot f t beautiful I and I bedroom 
OOH largo pool, next door lo FI 
Sam end } ilk s from B racken fido* GOM Course. Seconds it un. downtown min from North Star and Windsor Pork Molls USQ5o51 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
IO E AL LO C A T IO N 
I B ldr to m UOTUrn Il l s 
? Bedrooms, Unfurn 531$ 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
III JA C KSO N K O H E R 
•24 9871 
W 
1o5o* B A I 
M o to re d * I I b k Lim O O M Apts 
L EMO- Eiroatace Sanw 88aA»*de 
CdM C m B ow en 1*3 1)14 or 
I P i i e 
K t 

 to* IIM teoeist M a t 
<AU I t s I OOO 

H A f l|tfB'A~6 f l 461 m rn n e 

L U X U R Y I and 3 bedroom oafs 
H PI B A N D E R A RD 43M 2I4 
----------- CITO----------- 
1 bedroom. 2 bam. covered patio or balconies lots of closet space, covered parking 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock af NW Loop 41o lO T - q ii 
L E A S E W IT H O P T IO N T O 
B U Y 
Clean and cxtrd nice, 3 bedroom home Eastside area 
SA N T E X 
CO.,R E A L T O R S 

6 5 3 -o 4 6 o 
" L IV I I t m 
A f6w 
I", v - 
G RO U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H IL LS A PTS 
1931 E SO UTH CRO SS 
514 45oo 
HYING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 824 6661 
THE CHELSEA 824 8226 
Cat! tor OEMMBBHdB* 
IA R TOWNHOUSE 
_ T_ 
, 
2 Bedrooms, air, hoot 514o Waler 
I ’’* I* 1o' 1* " I*. * • « ••leniently ad Patio 159 El Mia-4o4 Ira No 9 ^ * * o 4*cond lorn My cor i i not pols 341 4444, 494 5475, 124 4227 
Ari/ c a u m 
' u n : m n , lh 
Od I Bedroom Wit Colport ber! bor re rd, >218411 Uftet 5 712 o49o 
N Central Jfef ( bdrm, uir. cur bef, 5148 341-4313. OW J ill 
Nmi et MMR, Mira# I b*<iV ,om». li l t Waler Pd I I I 4535 
N i ! f r n r x F m c n i i ----------- 
T E X A S A P T LO CATO RS 
349 3455 • NO F E E 
North C tn irai I ocotion. F lm u o end MiCuUouah end IM35 Newly decorated Near bus. edulls only 
No porn. Uobirn iehod t bedroom wafer od t its with a*e 4 Mo 
Loose IU 5381 oner i and woe lends, OH 8738 
T 5 * F W i T 7 r r n n r r 

H IC 
A PR IL 
435 1438_________________________ 
Eastw ood l l I, den appl, air"- neat, storage, fenced, $175 
United. 735-9111, fee (5o7 I) tashwood Vi'iou# Area, i i-!, den 
|8ir, laundry, work shop, lencod. garden, stove, refrig SIPS, Dee. 
1441-5589 f conomy ' b irni cofuue with air, fenced. 555 
Untood 711-9121. toe (513-1) n 
~f l i r t t v 8 ( U k U B V con dominium tor loose Custom Hip i lures, pool. Iannis, fireplace To- 
; tony eauiepvd, trees, view of city, 
6J6 VSCI 111 I H I 
■Family w . i d I bdrm, cove, Ta 

CHOICE RENTALS 
323 DARTMOOR • 4 2 2, $3oo mo 
(rnfrol an heat, slow, dishwasher, qarhage dnpotai, water setfener 2 {tory, fenced 

I i i DARTMOOR - 4 2 2, $3oo mo 
Central an heat, tang*, rtfng., gafcoge dtspesd, inned 
2 story, glossed in patio, full * corset 
1222 ORJRIHG • 3 2V)-FF, $2So mo 
Control an heat, stove, dishwoshor, gorhoge disposal, carpet, buraiar bors, pnvocy ten­ et 2 story Townhome 
623! EIM VALLEY - 3 I CF. 
$17$ Mo 
? arr conditionors. rongo, refngerotor, drthwosher, 
■ io»hag,* rin.pi,sol, fenced 
ARAffTMiNYS 
LIMITED NUMBEfi of iurmshed and unfurnished aportmenh in 
Northeast 
Northwest. ond 
Southwest Efficiency, I bedroom, 
I both to 2 bedroom. 2 both 
From $14$ to $27o per mo un­ climbed furnished from $2$ to 
$43 extra per month Uhkties pd 
473 SoB3 
342 411$ 
653 oS7o 
W ORLD WIDE REALTY > 

MONTE VISTA 
I bedroom, iv* both. 2 story. Ap­ pliances and window units. O a ­ rage with quarters 425-5471 
Strouder Nelson R ealty 
M U S T YO U R E N T ? Ow n this beautiful 1-1-1, In Sierra North. 
Only SPOO down, 52o4 mo 
J A J R E A L T Y 474-4443 Anytime 
Near Em pire Plata of 12s B St. 
Oft S. Zartamora, lower 2 bdrm dup 55o. water pd. 735-2342. 

CHOICE RENTALS 

319 Hwtooh 2-1-1....... 

SR39 Castle Hum 3-1-1 . 

•223 Quad Crook 3 2 2 

12521 Sandpiper 3 2 2.. 

79o4 lustre forest 4-2-2 

H A S 

SIR S 

$235 

$38o 

$325 
MANT MORE IO CHOOSE FROM 
CaH BYB-S7o4 
C E N T U R Y 21 

BOG Ro o G8 B, Rf Ai TOfft 

Near Ft. Sam, 2 bedroom, I bath, fenced, sod. 414-1722__________ 
N EA R K E L L Y I bedroom, clean, private, bus. 
545. 
415-9144 
9am 7pm 
Near Kelly, 134 F E R N L E A F . 2 bedrooms, oar boe, fenced. 511o 
455-3324._______________________ 
N e ar L a ck la n d . K e lly. I be dream s, carpeted, f ib u la s. 
474-7397, 435-5247_______________ 
Near Lockland. Kelly, I bdrm. 2 bath, garoeo, control hoat-oir, carpet, range, patio, fence. 5195. 
Owner Broker, 473-8149. 

FURWTUtf BUSINESS 
An unusually fine opportunity foe experienced and financially gratifi­ ed party to own fins leading furniture store in Son Antonio Real 
Estate, inventory, accounts receivable all included in pockoge 

AUTO ROOT SKOP 
Established successful business: 
Qualified professionals on duty. 
Mony insurance ond fleet oaountt. ti pen* nee net required 

BEAUTY SALON 
New listing • Northside leouhful shop, finest equipment, operators will romom 

Of AM STORES 
Multiple units of chain food pro ducts operation Now boing offerod for sole Established over 2o years 
Owner will ransom as consultant if purchaser desires. 

LIQUOR STOM 
Buy now and cash in on sixing and summer soles. Extra nice with good earnings history. 

WRECKER SERVICE 
Equipment like new. Well-established business «nth room for oxpansion 
Small down payment to qualified purchaser. 

GENUINE FIT BARBEQUE 
Imogme biting into juicy brisket or toffy nbs right off tho pit. Slow- cooked over native woods. Super location. Excellent earnings record. 

UWN Mown DUHR 
Power mowers and accessor,es fac­ tory outhenred sates and service dealer Busy shop, good trode area. 

ORIENTAL GETS 
Beautiful import shop with lino gifts located in mod Sailor i from. raining, will 

SPORTING GOODS 
Fishing gear, water sports, boots, motors, tonnis apparel ond etc. 
Good buy for qualified sports en­ thusiast. 
CAR DEALERSHIP 
Motor brand franchise. Established business Includes select real estate. 
SEAFOOD RESTAURANT lorge high volume restaurant. Full service with mixed drink permit 
The finest decor and oquipmont. 
Out of town owner soys sell. 
SMALL TOWN OPPORTUNITY 
Cabinet shop ond plomng mill. - 
Owner hos other interests ond must sacrifice this good business. 
MENY WEAR 
In prestige area of city. Good * volume, dean business, high eornmgs. Owner will remain os con 
, sultan! 
ROOFING COMPANY 
Old established business. Excellent * profit pKlure Owner will from. 

R E A L T O R - 

M A N Y OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4139 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 78229 
696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

4o8 HOMES. OUPUXES. 
UNFURNISHtC 

Near L A F B K A E B 3-2-CP, carpet in llvlng-m atter bedroom , ao piio ne et, fenced 471-345o 
N e a r W ond e rland , l l, S U S 
Adults. 
A IM 
Broadway area, 
735-7483. 
N E . 3 bedroom. I bath, near 
Windtor Park, walking distance to school* 5225 a mo 49o21o7 att. 
4 3o wkdys. 
________ 
N E cloon 3 bedroom homo, car­ peting, fenced yard 52oo mo 
MOSSI R E A L T Y _________494-7711 
N E 3-3 townhouse in Tho Glen, carpeted, air, corner lot, patio, appliances, etc near R A P E ond 
Ft Sorn 5148 454-414#___________ 

Wiltshire Terrace, 2-1-1, centiol air, wath-dry hook ups, 5255 mo with d. polit. 524-2424 atter 4pm 
84k tar BUI 
_______________ 
Windier Pk Area, now Camelot J bedroom, 2 batn, 3 car garote, carpeted, fenced yard. 527o mo. 
455-o? 12, 453-3148. w onderland, M od Conter, 3-2, rustic don with bor. weekend* and utter 4pm 451 o4oo 
Woodlawn 3-1-CP, storage, den, fenced tor pot*. SUS 
United, 735-9111, foe (U l t) 
YOUR OWN SH A N G R i LA, I be­ droom, I bath, p rivate patio, 

SStSZLSSSimmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 

NEW FLEXES 
112)o B E L AIR. ON Lockett Sol mo, I and 2 bedroom*. SUO lo 
5155 349-7154, 733-7194, 431 7741 

It'* Eatv to B uy— Why rent ond watt* money. 3 ond 4 bedrooms 
Qom* with appliance* ond oir. 
Nothing down Only 52oo movo-ln 
Fir*! payment M ay Paym ent* lot* than rent 
Habiomo* 
■OBEROI 
R E E R E A L E ST A T E 474 4124 

41? KOONS. FDfWISHED 
Clton private bedrm, bath, no iperiling smoke, drink, 731 5154 

Jo n redecorated large rooms, carpe led, hoot air, Nerthtid* 
121-9711 

 parking, fenced 5158 
United, 715-9121. tee (SI4 I) 
R *n c *3 I bdrm. tingle garage, 

134 1551, o14 1355, >18 3331 

S E C U R IT Y 
P LU S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Etticioncra* 
I ond 2 bedroom* 
Furm thad ond Untwrnrohed 
TH E V IL L A FO N T A N A 
121 B R A C K E N R ID G E A VE 
(O PP 27oo B R O A D W A Y ! 

SJH M G I___________ 
TH S B E L K N A P A R M S A P T S '1 
Jo7 W M IS T L E T O E 
735 9344 
715-4o91 
EY A P P O IN T M E N T O N LY 
I B e d roo m , 5115 1-B ed roo m 
Townhouse, 111# sa n fireplace, l.b o th , 5315. 2 Bird roe rn Town house. 11OO sa N , I ’ .bota 5335 

TW TAHITIAN 
2 Bedroom, I Both s i n 

United, 735-9111, toe (524 I) 
F irst tim * on til* m arket at a rental, v e ry clean, carp eted 
Ihrougheut. 1-1-1. central air, heof. wafer tenner, near Windtor 
Park Mail CaH *55 *497 oner I. 
SISO mo plut doe r6 *H M T 6B I t a l ----- 
11/21 SM O K IN G O A KS 
4-3 1. super cloon, prefer I year 
IM M 
D AV OR N IT E 455 4545 
Morton 5outhw**f Really 
Gorage aal near U liL , fiat obdT air. eel* o k 575 
Untied. 73M I1), toe (Sil l) 
OOI m itt L II bill* PE, I bdrm house only S IM 
United. 735-912), toe (537-3) 

GOOD DEAL 
) bedroom * home in E Terrell 
MKH. Per tole er tor learn with option ie buy. 
COM P A S S R E A L T Y _______ 
^ ^ ^ ■ 4 9 4 -1 *8 1 4o4-3811 

-argo j-l-l, den, carpet, oppl, nr heat. fenced. SUS 
United, 7I5-9UI, foe 
5881) l-l-l. a iu« fenced yard. N E area. 
S IH h ta 337-/171 drier 4pm. 
L A R G E U P P E R IM 
I B ED R O O M HOUSE. SHS. 
J E R R Y SMITH, 494-IQS 
Leat*. 4-1-2. carpet, dithwother, cent an. tem <-<i silk me Retting 
Ridge *o4-34o? er 444-4517 
L E A S E Cende. northwett 3-t'i-l, 
515o me Ne pen 349-9271 oner 
*P M 
L iv e Oak, )-t t, ap p liance, privacy fence, central air heel 
52o5. ava able M ar Isl Coll eel lect 
1 557 1197; 
557 5o84 
M tO u ren ey 

A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Star Mad 
M3 E IR C H L E A P . 142 OMS 

I Bedroom, ? Both, 1588 ta n SJM H E l6 t Y 5 ~8'A IR T $ f A tfe i t x 
— 
------------------ 
E C U T IV S H O M E 1,425 SO PT on 
I 5 acres, 3-2-2, with formal Hying ond dining 21X34' Den with duo! fireplace, I ' we! bor, electric kit­ chen, utility room, 158o' of Saltillo tiro, carpet* drape*. J courtyard*, fantastic view large tundeck with barbecue, A vailab le M ay H i 
54oo per mo or 5425 aor mo partially turn with wether and d ry e r 
D e c a n t end 
H a te required Coll 495 5o74. flow aftaoi a 4-1-1!"all opul, control weather let.ted IJ H 
United. 735 9121 tee (SI* SI 
“ “I H H I b l A t# 6 « U P A N f V 
111 with family room All kuchen appliance* 5325 manta 
J 3 3 *pt>t level beautiful *4oo 
Clean apartments, t IOO ta 51oo 
Cali today! 
•J* IM I (Anytime! 
A no* lin en I* and Iow nh e d it* tits up 1o47 EPhCPCk J44 972* on a m u av»nB6Kiwr fr » 
ANTONIO L A R O S t bedroom, I bo I h lover c e v e r e d ^ ^ ^ H 
(err w e 
TNC H E R IT A G E 
1543 BPbceck el HW LOPP 41o 
M I Til# 

THE TAHA APTS 
8o61 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
Unlergetable es its nom* 
I B E D R O O M SISO 
I B ED R O O M , I I H 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824*oo61, 8 2 8 *7 3 9 3 
— TMRmOOTO I IM I beau Ii tut N E 3 Bedroom. 2 oath, 
C X T R A large II M ta It big pa­ tio. ak erat lr it kitchen, 5325 bill* bd 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
_______ 838-o681 fewnh'ouse* in O w Hills loreTy 
J mid I bdrm*. I beworn*» Smell luxury complex. M I 12*2 iw fif f f f w ft n w w i— 
- 
( A ll ITS IOO* 

Live Ooh, now 3-1-1, appiicanc*. privacy tone*, control air hoot 
: SHS. evadable Mar Isl. Call cel- lecl 
1 557 5397. 
557 58o4 
M cQ ueeney 
______ 
_ i F t located',n babcock Nertb. 
Ronge. refrigerator, washer end dryer included 
52*5 344 SH/, 
484-4318 g g ° " l £ .ftjd fil. 
1 1 1. Ideated in O B E R R U N , 
; rang*, refrigerator ond drape* included 5348 344-4287. *84-4138 
D oqnte O w n s C b 
LO V ELY , large I or 3 nom, I bota, bv tnt and dining with hr# place Excellent areg with bus ana convenient ta Ft lorn, *nop ping (enter*, eta Ne pet* I child permitted. SITS Oden. north loop Inc. 
■8iH-.TOTfm» 
S2LU2* 
L U X U R Y ) bedroom, ?", bath, fully ccaroled, all etactrK kitchen 
Rents al 5158. G E N E W IL S O N 
R E A L T Y INC. 555-4818 htacOrthur lM ? ICwiehl Robin 
3-I L carpet, ne pelt. 5)95 
1344-7348 Bfptaen A ton 8H-8445 
M C o«<A t C EN TER taro * drslmctiv* custom French 
1 C oniem porary h em * d e tifn e d 
I lib* Tewnheuie ideol plan tor entertaining, terraced rock yard 
(no grass), 4-3-2, m any luxury features including electric garage oo«n*i water conner • appar amic city view OW NER W ILL L E A S E 
W 
I W 
. 
59# Me i l l IK L 
S45 Gap 4)1 Eleanor 

NO C R E D IT N E E D E D I 
Why not own your own hom o? 
Jus! HOO down! From S IS * per month 932 17oo. *73-4714, 474-75o9 

No loot*, no deposit, I bdrm col- tog*, fenced. 55o, water ad 
United, 7)5-912), tat (535-1) 
North 2 bdrm, *tovo, air, gorage. tawed, 1145 coll 
Unlted.73M11i.ro* (517 ?) 
Northeast on WoKem rood, 1-2-1, oil opplloncot. 525o mo *53 1ooo otter * Owner L E B A _________ 
4 2 , N S I S D. near M e d ico! 
Conter Rand*, refrigerator ond d ish w a sh e r in clud ed 
S183144-42o7, 454-411o 
P fQ W M O w e n s C o 
2-2. elder home near M e dical 
Center. Im m ediate occupancy I 
S IM 144 *2o7, 444-433o 
IJ■ (Jim O w e n * C o 
Park Village, 4544 Castle Rose. I 
1-3-1. Iiylnp room, don, kitchen 
I reftig, dishwasher, control heat \ i air, carpet, fenced, covered patio, nrw po.nl S I JO .no 42* «8eo 
Pretty I bedroom ? both. on tarp* corner, Pecan volley 531-9111 or m o o i 
| 
Remodeled 3 bdrm, central oir- hoot, drapes fenced 
United 73MI21, tao (SM it 
’ R E N T A L S " 
Rte H A N O LE 
Chore* N E Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
>24-7341, 111* Austin Hwy 
417 R E X F O R D . (N S ). 1-1, air, uopi.onte*. fence, SHE. 534-791) 
Small himilv» I bdrm duplex, no 
1* o *o , low d*po*n, SO* 
Uhitair 7)5-9131, <88 LF)*-1) 
5# CNan, move in looav ond parly tonight. I bedroom*, luny corp** od, fenced bm k yard. covered patio, hr aerate 
*258 aor mo 
5SMo44, 
| 
Special I bdrm with fireplace. built m*. carpet, fenced. 525o 
Untied, 735-9111. toe (518-1) 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH t Bedroom, 5138 New 4 Rlexet. 
MHO E E L AIR. Apt I. 349-718*. 
733-7)94, 431-7741 
STOP LO OKING! Cull now lur o tar po cetonian et J ond 4 bedroom home* Ie rent. leo** with option to buy or own Priced tram *328-5*5o me C o M t d t P M 
BW * ll.*?1* >?« » « ? 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
I bedroom. I hath. cont hrat-oir 
5175 mo Alco, I bedroom, ] bota, 
N E , 524o me 4 bedroom 2 bath centhoat-air taos mo 45o-I2M 
RED CARPE] 

114 Tnorm an Place, eft Broad way Near OM USAA, 7 room* I bedroom* 2 both, tivmq room, room, don with woodourn co, air, carp etin g, covered patio laundry ond dv ,t,.. 

Convenient to St. M a ry 's. Mod 
Center, 
U T S A , 
3 separate rooms I with double bed, I with twin bed. Kitchen privilege* with beta. 735-8283 otter rom.________ 
418 WANT TO RENT OR LEASE 
Clean, good condition } or 3 be dream hou»e. clote in to town, wen t il family, reotonobie ceti. m U U or 473-8894_____________ 
Want to rent for vocation, 4 be­ droom boule on take oil or port of 
July 1 315 52*4 
MI • BUSINESS OPFORlUWiiS 
IO acre* m opping conter tile. 
227 14)o or 3777393_____________ 
B A R B O Or d C A F E . I table*, |j 
Northttdo. 494-o911 w eekday*, weekend* 1-43o 7394____________ 
B U SIN E SS OF YO U R OWN 
Owner retiring, wont* to veil you 
*> acre prime toufhtide location with garae* and out* part* Call 

389-1879 
Hrrl£ i 
‘,± a'u" 1 
2 Chair B A R B E R SH O P 2317 
W C om m erce Si, R e a to n a b l* rent 
R e tirin g 
C A E von *, 
________________________ 
C H R IST IA N S E R V IC E 
O P P O R T U N IT Y 
878-3)48 
E >( ellen! tee end income without le aving your a rm c h a ir Send 
-,rti o.ldi rvird tramped t m HOO* to Sara Mooney No 19 Allegro 
C r, Laredo, Tx 7oo41___________ 
Fin* Jewelry end Gift Store 
Prime North#**! location j_ OOO J* Cl ft o88,oo8 Coll o31 9515 
FO O D TO GO B U S IN E S S .'R ea l 
Good 
Opportunity, mutt tell n i i t i ! ___________________________________ 
FOR SA LE 
IO rep**»*t*<rd 4 «• trashing m orgue* troller n a n * 
|54,95* (Make Otter) Complete 
Call collect Don 581 JOI 5o5o, 
TAM 5PM 
No roosonaoie utter 

F R A N C H IS E O P P O R T U N IT Y ! 
Soh Globematter Hand Toot* end 
Spurting Good* lo **111*1.cued re 
•all account* Pioterted lev rifer t 
A late mod*! ti** van or tim liar 
■ruck ane a moderate 4 figure in yg*tm e nt for in v e n to ry it required No tranthiie tee Cen lect 
Mr Kelly, cotteo. 
(713)488-7811 
_________ 
6 reefing Cord D iiln b u le rm .p . molar doporlmvnt tlorg* *758 t- ».,f»** N#w» Sex 4514, Sea An tam*. Tx 78197_________ 
GROW ING B E A U T Y SHOP 
Good area on W en A v * *95o9 buys all cupel!** and fixture* 
Sui Annus Rial Estill 
3231 Nisi An 

NO PURCHASE 
REQUIRED 
Application* ore now being accepted from in­ dividuals to provide loco! service to our compony eitabliihed account* 

N O S f U I N O R E Q U IR E D 
Thit exciting ond glamourou* butine** provide* on 
•deal opportunity for ho*bond ond wife, tomi-rotired or retired, butinettmen ond profetnonal* to be their own bo**, operating a butine** with earning poten­ tial of; 
*2o/HR. 
FULL OR PART TIME 
COMPANY PROVIDES: 
1. Equipment and tupplie*. 
2. Account* in hey location*. 
3- Skilled troinmg and guidance. 
Y O U P R O VIO «: 
1, Top credit reference*. 
2, Sincere detire to operate own butin***. 
3, Mutt be ready to ttort in 3 o day*. 
O ur invettor* put up th# necettary capital for qualifi- 
*d applicant* Applicant mutt hove adequate work­ ing capital. 
CALL N. FINCH 
Sun., Mon., Tues. only 
(512)732-5141 
(In S o n A n t o n io ) 
C A M A N DISTRIBUTORS 
O n # A lto n C a n to r, H o u sto n , To r o s 7 7 o o 2 
LOOK! 

 b f : 

 i m 
»f :»»f ; m i f . m 
I I m 
\liir-rK UM 
(Arr JHI 
I. MIM- .ll ,||. i r., 
\ ,Mj 
I ' k m iI m M ill lh I f,«-Mir-r» 
Jill Im Im-|m MMI Im Im-. 
'.iim - un mill |M ml.rn 
V . II -Ii. ll - III*--I IjilM f 
.til- .mil Im-i miim- j j.jri 
I Imiv,- Villi. (|llj il l\ 
III IIM-lilHfli- I JH tri 
IM* i r a * . ( , j in j brail im 
I m ill jn j- M ii t-.l I n im r . lln-w ail* jut J j. 

•u|>|M»rl, # f ..i i i |il* trx iu iiig |ini|(niiii ti r i t n r t -"|» im i. u i fVrriti liM'Mli<ni rjM iiblg 4,„| p |*rr|iart «l |m fl*llip , # I Mi al j< t m i ii iI iiim 

Im u ra w l « m ulli-iM . <1 d ir 

M *t dr* mIm j I- f 
VII I. r.Hju ll,,, Ii;, lit Xiii, 

 rt-tl I iii jn iii im rn an H a n k 

^ t W 
T T O M U F F L E R C E N T E R 

349-6331 

 dining m g ti 

 to lo g e Shown bv appt w eekd ays 
I M M E 

A iT Q R S Auttlii Hwy OU 
I in Mi l j l pfe"'Be c a p p a e Y , T ie i houM Duetax, IIM en* w aler pp 
Young m errtoe couple p referred , 
•24 5497 altar 5PM 
(THUL AUS MI WL-------* 

Meriorn 1-2-CP built in* carp et, mr heat, tarp* lencod yard. kid* 
Untrod, m-91 ii, ta* 15*o-ii 
M odern 3 ) 1, loll carp et, pH aa- ira*, fenced, 5245 
IfofeA m flll, tai (I3H) 
W estw ood J i l t . cu re e t. appt. cont o.r heal. kip*, lanced 

 only 
Mr* iliiU LL 

111 35o4, 

TOWNHOUSE 
B eau tifu l tiein g, c o r e tr e e , con len ien tly lo cated 3 2 2 G ard en 
M ira to gar ope F irep lace 
THE G O L D E N K E Y 
A— cTtappt L ocator* 9)5 -|7j 9 
T ry tai* NW J Bdrm with op al. fenced 4 pets. U TI 
U n fe d 7)5 9131, to* 15)3 11 

J B R LOUNGE I O k U N I 
FURN ISH ED 92*8 MONTH 
1781 
* H ACK BER R Y ST U S/> »# 
LAUNDROM AT 
34 W asher*, t) D ryer*. TEE* 
E xcellent Location 
Colt SU 4455,484 #317 
LOUNGE on Pteokunton RO Fur tv equipped P in e d to tell 
»24-4575 
HASKINS REAL TY 
LOUNGE remounted ond compt* 
Idly turnithad. P ra ter and N t o t jom oroSf A reef money m aker 
5156 aer month 
334-1414 or 
124 491* 
TIU TI l l a s --------- 

MARD U P b t l retail acc own)* E e rm n g * 
5 5 4 6 o e v e * 
I * ) » » I k , « M STOOS lu r 
•Hen (MMM) *«, r*4»#n es Our* tun 
Mr ttaKihW , j 7 1 4 , J 4 r o * 8 '. u n f 
W fijft U r n * * 
M u te r* F lo rid* Metter 
• v ie g i*! le e *,e g 4V(. ramie. »w ra un* t* owdro *m**h 
• n *8 * i rn owl im o* e«t r cera* ,» 
Her taw eel ie Hee* Mr to ,v* *!>•«, n**** 
»u*e«.y vvilk., 
♦ W ith 

 ife M k fM ItartftM) |A6n 

 e SUH eel «Wp*>< <•«•*# JTi rouse# nrewMtg I 
Iv «Mder I 

*•«,#; e«, <o 

 i *.«■ u. • <*» tv Miitro lr util 
U M I utt.tr VU..I*,-. ira le t ex#we 
Etnm, 
UHM* 
M O rei* v i l l i pty, 
: r n 

'A 
• tar 8 
Mf §48 lit 

P > TM ** i nt- 

MOHL tortir Tim 
Over 4# vnrfi, doing good. oecU- 
>*•1 (undtfrun E asy to buy Coll 
4«4 141v a N 
M a rr e d 343 T ile 
H fty H eel P clote 

MOllt IN HIU COUNTRY 
T u iie s s t u t M o tet i* lh * H ilt r e e n try un US IHI tor sate 
>4 
Mott*. 4 uu er im * M * , a n d J h* 
8*e*m uMm* On I tall cd * M o o . tar <uA#iti«n*d. TV in each unit 
• mg uuvi and pluv ground w*ta -vt* et uue end elm tree* ?*‘ » 
—UWM, Owner will finance haranc* 
•* •'■> over IO year* 
Joe Noel. 
I fJ? 
_________________ _ 
Will LISTINGIi rv* need M etal listings, we n e v i 
‘ ruer Lurer* within ITI Mi Of So* 
*uu*“ e HEO INC COH A M Mer* 
894 1419 
14 1 2184 or writ* 
•ita l Sue P ed ro . S A 
Tx 7# *ie 
**F4 fU H k jijMe 
. 

 t i t 

HOH COMMiftCIAU 
CANCiilAftU 
WITHOUT 
RATI CHANGE 
± 2 
5 - 1 
6 6 
6 
Q U I C K RESULTS! 

1 1 2 IKSTMtCTIMS 
EMPLOYMENT 
D O D 

Do you need a trade? 
SAN ANTONIO SKILLS CENTER 
Sponsored by the SAN ANTONIO UNION JUNIOR COLLEGE DISTRICT 

 offering skills training to unemployed, underemployed. 
Adults with limited 
Educational background. 
Those persons that meet the criteria for this Vocational Educationally Disadvantaged 
Program will be tuition exempt. (Free Tuition) starting date is March 1 4 ,1 9 7 7 . 

DAY CLASSIS — Monday through Friday, 8:oo a.m. to 3:3o p.m. aerical I Office, Aute Aectwmk, Aute led - t Psiet, Product*** Medline, Combination 
Wotting, furniture UpW$t#ry, Electrical Appliance I Air Cenditieeieg, Smell Gas Engines. 

EVENING CLASSIS — Monday through Thursday, 6:oo p.m. to 9:oo p.m. 
Shorthand, Typing, Electrical Appliance, Ante lady legate, Production Machina, Smell Gas 
Engine, Gas A Art Welding, furniture Upholstery, Electronic Technician. 
All Courses aret Veteran’s Approved 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION INQUIRE AT: 
SAN ANTONIO SKILLS CENTER 
1 6 1 7 la s t C om m erce S tre e t o r Call 2 2 4 -2 o 9 1 

 i n s ’ 1* 9 * * Ba h * h a s 
MONTE CARLO 

 yV)G O S L A v ' * pA N A W A 

JH ER E S BIG M O N EY 

IN TH E BILLION SSS 

: CASINO JU N K ET 

: 
BUSINESS 
4 at 
$ s s $ s s s s 

. As an exclusive marketing otitce for an International company yilh over IO years in the junket gusmess world wide we will pro- 
■yjde you with a complete turn­ key operation including office. natl and all components to assure your success 

OUR TRACK RECORD 

WILL SPEAK FOR ITSELF 

. This otter is available to respon­ sible persons who are well known in their own area They mutt have an impeccable back 
* ground and reputation No pre 
‘‘ vious experience in the tour or travel business reouired 

Requires a minimum of SI2 OOO plus working capital lf you are sincere and feel you qualify let us prove the rest lo you 

For more information and to set 
'u p a personal interview please 
'write including phone number to 

World Casino Productions 
Interaetieeel BuMhm Peetheuse I 
JASS last Bemist Blvd 
, left I seders tit. Fiends 33384 
Jkna Imsrestieesl Mxrk*img Oirsctsr 

NEW CLASS NO W FORMING 
“ APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 
• C.B. RADIO REPAIR 
• R AD IO -T.V. REPAIR 
- TPI EV I Sf O N TECH. OPERATOR 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., I st CLASS) 
For Information 
CALL-WRITE OR VISIT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 

Son Antonio, Tx. 
2 2 3 - 1 8 4 8 

561 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

FACTORY 
DIRECT 

WHOLESALER- 
ASSOCIATE 
4 BILLION DOLLAR 
INDUSTRY 

*1oo% PROFIT MARK­ 
UP 
* 
NO SELLING 

Established 
National Com f any with Manufacturing is urrently expanding nai> sn- wide network of mdepen pent . FACTORY • DIRECT • ythoiasaiar associates to sit lice retail accounts secured bv Company in this area 
'IMMEDIATE INCOME 
WITH 
I 
REPURCHASE 
AGREEMENT 

I PRODUCT RE URN 
PRIVILEGE 

C o m p l e t e t r a in in g 
I * MAN OR WOMAN 
FULL TIME 
PART TIME 
9 
* 
S 
OO may visit our factory and lat'onal Headquarters 
* 
3425o 
'C A S H INVESTMENT 
REQUIRED 
JThls Is nol a franchise) 
J 
OR FREE BROCHURE r ill 
O il FREE 1 8oo S43 SBW k & sand Name Address at i telephone Nun oar lo 

* 
WEICO INC 
* 
62oo Gary Dove 
* North little Rock, Ark 
* 
721 IT 

NO ONE 

 ha s e v e r lost a d i m e in 

U n it e d 
P o s t a g e 
C o rp o 

 ration 
W e ha ve three 

 pla ns 

Y o u can invest S 3 . OOO 

S 6 . o o o or 
$9 OOO wit h 

 saf ety . 
O w n y o u r o w n 

 b u s in e s s be y o u r o w n bos s 
Y o u r route wilt be 

 e s t a b l i s h e d and in st a l­ 

 led by us. 
W e p ro v id e 

 c o m p l e t e tr ai nin g and 

 t he n' quid e you to g o o d 

 re turns using 
P o s t a g e 

D i s p e n s i n g M a c h i n e s 

It you ha ve a desi re to 

 offset tod a y s inflation 

 se n d n a m e , a d d r e s s and 

 p h o n e n u m b e r to 
R 3 

UNITED POSTAGE 
CORPORATION 

17?o REGAL ROW 

 s u i t e n o 

DALLAS.. TX 75235 • 

I PHONE: 1214) 63o-65251 

U S POSTAGE STAMP 
VENDING MACHINES 
Lowest prices, tnvastlgota before voo invest! For free Information, write Including phone number: 
SOUTHWEST STAMP VENDORS 
ASSOC . 4723 SO Gory, Tulsa. OK 
74I8S_________________________ 

WAREHOUSES 
NORTHSIDE—Sale or loose near olrport 72oo soft. bldg, with *oo sqft office, 
Fuel pumps ana extras. 
SOUTHSIDE—Sale or loose, New w arehouse-office, 1o,1oo sa 
It..May be divided for multiple users. 
494^289,455 o*73 
_ 
WE BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J KAHNG ASSOC 342*122 

DIRECTOR OF 
MANUFACTURING 

Progressive, growth oriented, Texas-based electronics firm has an immediate opening for a director of manufacturing. Requires ex­ perience in the manufacture of electronic and electro-mechanical hardware. Should have knowledge of manufacturing techniques, pre duction scheduling, tool design, cost controls, current product testing methods, and MIL stan­ dards. This position reports directly to the 
Division Vice President and encompasses all areas of manufacturing. 

Qualified applicants should submit resume with salary’ history to: 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 4514 
Son Antonio, Ttxas 78297 

PERSONNEL MANAGER 

FOR RETAIL APPAREL CHAIN 

Experienced in total personnel management func­ 

 tion including EEO, OSHA, ERISA, group insurance, 

 employee relations, etc. Experience in retailing 

 desirable. Excellent benefit package. A career op­ 

 portunity for the qualified person. Send resume to 

Mr. Elliott Cohen, 1616 N. Main, San Antonio, Tx. 

78212 

 o m a n j S k o p 

Half and largo S ilt fashions 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday March 6 1977 
Page I 9-D 

PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
FOR EXPANSION 
Must have recent retail supervisory ex­ perience in one or more of the following departments: Men's, Ladies' or Children's 
Wear; Fabrics; Linens; Shoes; Cosmetics. 
Learn to be a store manager. Good pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sun­ days, reasonable hours. Live in San An­ tonio. Call or write Mr. Brenner or Mr. 
Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 Soledad, Son Antonio 782o5, 512-225-7163 

ACCOUNTANTS (2) 

BBA in Accounting. From minimum ex­ perience up to 4 years desired. Cor­ porate general accounting and con­ troller type activities to be assigned. 
Salary IO to $ 1 5 ,o o o according to qualifications. 
Send resume for preliminary review. 
C lark/C ourier, 
P.O. Box 4 6 o , San Antonio, Texas 
7 8 2 9 2 

Well established, profitable Sheet 
Metal ausinets for solo in Toxas 
Hill Country (VIS) 347-5313 Or 
(H i) 231-447S._____________ _ 

C 

CHURCH'S > 
FRiFD 

CHICKEN 
' 
Has immediate opening tor System Programmer with I to 2 years experience required. IBM 3 7o V M /C M S /O S -V S I. 
Also due to growth requirements 2 Programmer Analysts with 3 to 5 years required. With same operating en­ vironment background. Degree preferred. 
Excellent benefits 
Please se-'d resume and salory requirements to 
MIS D ept. H e ad , P.O . 
Box BHOOT, 7 8 2 8 4 
O r Call M rs. A dler 7 3 5 -9 3 9 2 •«*. 234 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

C O M S I H I C T IO ? < S I ’ P E R I S T E N D E N T T R 4 I X E E 

$ 1 5 . o o o / Y E A R 

HOMECRAFT CORPORATION is an aggressive fast paced residential construction firm, dedicated to sound principals o f m an agerial develop­ ment. W e are seeking self-starter, who is interested in all phases of residential construction and m anagem ent. 
This M anagem ent-Trainee position will be filled by an intelligent, g oal-oriented individual who is wining to wont long nours, O days a week and who needs a growth position, where income is directly related to his contribution to meeting company objectives. A co liege degree is not necessary, but any college is a plus. Construction experience is not required, but we p refer 5 years business a n d /o r military background. 
W e offer company p aid benefits, 2 weeks p a id vacation, profit sharing, and salary and perform ance reviews every 6 months. lf you are in the form ative stage o f your career and meet the above qualifications, call Collect immediately: 

 l f . 5 1 2 -1 1 o -8 o 5 7. Ii lit 5 M o n d a y th ru E r id a \ 

 d r sand rvsutne lo: 
HOM EGR A FT CORPORA TW N 
P O . R O X H O M 

S till A n to n io . T X 7 8 2 lit 

A MAJOR DESIGNER 
M anufacture ond im porter of consumer products needs on ag­ gressive and preferably exper itncod Solos Parson to call on 
Retoil Accounts Including; chains in the Floral, gift, nursery, and garden conter trode in Southern 
Texas. Starting draw potential, high earnings provided one works hard The meek and those not willing to work initially long hours and « days a weak need not apply. 
Please send Resume lo: RAY 
MAZUR. PO BOX 444, TWINS- 
BURG, OHIO 44o87_____________ 
ARE YOU THINKING OI selling the one thing everyone needs-- 
Real Estate? We ll train lull or parttim e Eosv to do with our special orotesslonal train in g school -no experience necessary. 
We furnish all buyers and sellers for you and help you get licenses quickly 
Coll IN T E R S T A T E 
128-o755 til B o m ______________ 

WORMS 
We buy worms under contract 
Worm growers needed 
512 *53 514o 
WORM ENTERPRISES 

5o2- BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED 

I BUSINESSES WANTED < 
•a e r Taverns, Cotn-aperoted laundries and Coin- operated Car 
Washes 
Financing reauirod. 
433-o4o4 
______ 

5o4 MONEY TOLENO 
BUSINESS AND VENTURE 
Capitol Assistance for worthwhile protects over 
SS4.44o. Call M Setdeman 
Austin, $12 453-14o9 
Business, home im provem ent, income grOverly loons. 227-1*1o 

FIRST TIME 
OFFEREDI 
Revolutionary 
New Product 

Public acceptance slsewhect is o»*tf National compony, (very businjH o piaspect SJO. OOO to 
S45.ooo up onnual net. J11,o47 investment secured 
„ih ventory Factory training toll or writ*: 
O.T. MOOR! 
(7 1 3 )6 6 6 .o 6 o 1 
B itt B*M«re, fantom 
,Is 77o15 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY wo specialise in tnt purchase of: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
INQUIRE AT 22* o314 
1o1o NSC Bldg. 
Son Antonio 
NEED CASH?? 
BUT HAVE NO CREOIT??? 
Coll Union f inance 223 *8/1 
Keo av Cosh ie purchase your real estate mgrtoges 225 1475 
SMALL HONOR LOANS 
JUST PROMISE TO PAY 
AAA CREOIT 
_______ 223*244 
Starting, expanding, intangible accounts re c e iv a b le ...cash available far those and ether money needs Coll *73-8857 now 
WHEN THE BANKS SAY NO 
WE SAY GO 
$5o,oo4 ANO UP 34V *421 

5o8 OIL PROPOSITIONS 
OIL AND GAS LEASE, 154 Acres, 
Dimmit County, near active ell 
Play >2o 1*o5 Ofter SPM 

Northsido Pot Detective Agency pen Worthwhile, pronto ness 
M ot received tv. 
^ 

 aGAtCTTE SUPPLY 
DISTWBinOPSHIF 
Pert or FuN Tune rod in ion Antonio ond or surrounding towns for distributors Al feted outlets art secured by company, thereto!* no iduc* spikily loco distributor fit such nehonaRy ad vertned agouties rn Winston, 
Camois. 
AoHbCHO 
W I 
Ball. 
Solents Kooh.Kent. etc lo qualify you must have a car M bn pot week (days or avos) 
132oo cash investment required for mort information onto to ck, A lim DtvmoN m r 
FO las l f lese me od. (a 917m if i« i.de i our phono no- 

51o MONEY WANTED 

I Need $54oo. hove reliable refer onces, *74-/29* 
______ 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

 moss medio publicity 
I advertising weekly only over­ ed Part time profits ie s/5 dai- t i m , w i fy .» ■ 
ONE OF A KINO 
Our t i year history has proven a 
KWIK KAR WASH to be one et thehighest investment return bu- stncsses known We provide fin­ ancing site analysis, construction que service soil Mike Slevm cot 
Md (214 ) 24 3 3521 
Pendulum "Louni 
'•nduium Lounge, ideal night soot near Lackland Air Force je t# ceti atte i 4 44 pm V ) ti i i 

P L A N T 
A N D 
G I F T 
SHO P 
H E . Under SS.444 Call *55 4422 ar 
*♦5 5*84 
PLANTS Po o l FURNITURE 
Atomi, Fie 3 I home, 
POOt 
Retire neat M iui 
444x344 let with plant nurterv 
8*5,444 vatu* sell or exchange 
Peoa lorans I r n 424 s ib s_____ 

SALES-SERVICI 
OPPORTUNITY full lime to service a od reorder gutting cords M retod store rn the fain Anton* pea (ittHenf solely Must hove a cur and void drivers keens# fee personal in tervsee tend resume or loner Ie 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
BOX 4544 
San Antonio, Ti 78297 

/Ut Fashions Agency fee Fwd by Impleyor 

PUBLIC RELATIONS REP — 
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE $17,5oo + 
Duties • Noting, commerriol property ond cosuolty insurance with motor corners ofter sole by others template FI responsibilities with these cor riots required f ipenence requited track record in commercia! property and cosuolty to have included oil ureas of some Opportunity excellent for income advancement All business expenses provided 
SALES MGMT TRAINEE— 
CONSUMER PRODUCTS (Children) lose Salary -f tonus m $15,ooo first loot Income 
Second Teor Income 52o,ooo Area 
Dunes • contorting retoil dept dotes erhkh ore est accounts ond open mg now accounts os wok Experience required college degree ho soles exp. necessary letwi mgmt esp. or nhlitory jr grade •♦freer exp most desired Mgmt promotion ond responsibility ofter I yr exp, overoil op­ portunity outstanding Compony auto ond expenses provided 
SALES • RECREATION INDUSTRY 

$ 1 o ,8 o o + 
Duties - wholesale soles caking on established os well os seeking new oc 
- 
- * 
* --------------- ’ college degi op counts in the recreation industry fxpenence roqwitod, college degue ♦ minimum of I yr in any whole sole soles capacity Advancement portunihes excellent Compony toto ond expenses provided 

By Appt. O nly 

Thompson Employment Service 

1259 Jackson Keller 
342-2391 

PROGRAMMER/ANALYST 
Medicus Systems Corporation 

A leader in data processing for the health care field is seeking to fill a programmer/analyst position in San Antonio. Seeking a skilled pro­ fessional proficient in the use of COBOL, Prior 
Burroughs and medical experience desirable. Ex­ cellent salary and benefit program. 

Send resum e and salary history tot 
MEDICUS SYSTEMS CORP. 
4 5 o 2 M ed ical Dr. 
5an A ntonio, Tx 7 8 2 8 4 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

Other Training in: 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretory 
Nurse s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
§ unn S Beausire#! says Cam aerated Laundry and D ry 
'. tuning stores are ane ut Iwa industries with the least failure figures 
KWICK w a s h cain eeeratad laundry and dry (leonine lust sieves lur Sula. 
WE HAVE charet laundry lace 
Hens ie every earl et San Antonio ready la budd new 
BANK MATE FINANCING 
Far information coff Ed Floyd 
512 *84 3771 or visit eur war 
•eau*# showroom at S4tJ Jack weed. Sen Antonie. T i 78238 
Ford Cornerer ho i idles Inc 
Th# World « LO'aes! i£t*3 
P W ftitR f------ 
P R O FIT ROT C N T IA L . Cern laundry eau lament wilt sell tor HS 
Ph.ipon 342 4848 

W fc O WOR MS Buy back cen tracts, lime payment plan. Hor vest machines and banks available Arnold s Warm Farm inc.*447 Oriskany San Amania. 
TX 74247. 45* 4414 Answarina service 494-7111 ----------------------- 
Roll Old he-m oper into fireplace logs for cash 341 4521 * 5 5 * 
USS Ass IQI I OSS 

? 
oiH }46 OOO ash! John 

PROFIT homy Business 
Billiard end Mar 9 Fuel Tablas. bd' end eN ruing*, alien S94N 
411 /413 . 333o*4/ 

SEIF SERVICE CAR WASHES tar self Two « boy self service cor washes 
Cash only! My awner —Principals only! *53 347*; 
837-4314 
_______________ 
SPECIALITY LINGERIE SHOP. 
Owner rahrina. will tram buyer eoU L M A kU i 
232” ! 
THC WAREHOUSE CLUB and 
Discotheque is being atftrtd for solo Reasonable terms, graven financial success C anted Mr. 
Sinai 341 4134. 4*4 32*9_________ 

INDUSTRIAL 
PHARMACIST 

Immediate position exists in our dynamic prior mo ceuticol compony for on individual with a bachelor s or master's degree m Pharmacy. 
Experience in ommal experimentation ond/o r laboratory fodiooc- tivity procedures preferred. Growth opportunity. 

A Icon offers excellent working conditions and employee benefit* including free employee life and medical care insurance os well as profit sharing 
Please sand resume m confidence to: 
T. A. Gisi 
Alcon A Laboratories, Inc. 
P. O . Boa 1 9 5 9 , F o rt W o rth , TX 7 6 1 o 1 equal opportunity employer A* l f 

Executive Positions in Laredo 

* Excellent Opportunity 
* Excellent Employee Benefits 
A Nationwide Organization 

TRAVEL AGENCY ASSISTANT MANAGER 
Bilingual, minimum of two years experience in all phases of travel ogency operations plus managerial experience. Start­ ing salary $ 11,o o o to $ I 2 ,5 o o depending on experience. 
BOOKKEEPER 
Bilingual, practical business experience required. Storting salary 57,4oo. 

Send resume to: EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 4 5 o 9 
I 
San A ntonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 a 

E x e c u t iv e s 

M a n a g e r s 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying lobs are not advcr tised Haldane can show you how to find these fobs and how to gel the inter­ views Send your resume today or call now for a no cost or obligation interview 
N ot a placement agency! 

■ w 
I i b e m a ' d 
I (aldane 
St en 1o*7 a s s o c ia te s 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
Century Bldg.. f*4 NE loasJlO 
Suite 275 W e s t/Dept. I 
(5171 34? 3166 
San Antonio, Texts 7871o 
Also Houston and Dallas. c#wv Executive 
H»#(on#l officer Bolton Eh>r*go 
Cleveland / Diller Drmoii Houston 
Lot Ang»i.% Sxn I ’apr -vc' Tamp. 
NewVork Phtladelpht* A.ihmgio 

 is whet opportunity and future is all about. Now that you are considering a change shouldn’t the right companies know about it on a confidential basis? No mat­ ter how exacting your re­ quirements ore they will be matched with bonafied career openings from the world's largest recruiting network. OURV Your time will not be wosted. We will let the right people with the right companies know about you. 
Positions bito* Roto* Art lot Paid 

ACCOUNTING! 

PROGRAMMER-ANALYST 

Knowledge of (OBAL, ALC, and (ICS. OMS experience helpful. Shop operates under oS/VS2 37o/145. 

Contact 
LONNIE BUCK 
ZALE CORPORATION 
3419 E. Commerce 
San A ntonio, Tx 7 8 2 2 o 
5 1 2 -2 2 4 -5 8 o 1 

W A N T E D H A IR 
STYLIST 

Mole or Female licensed 
Barber. 
Must be good with both men or women. 
Excellent opportunity for right person. For more de tails contact 

SOUS NAIR 
STYUST 
582o SAN BERNARDO 
LAREDO, TX. 78o4) 

(Coll Jock Stewart) 

ASSISTANT TREASURER 
TO $23,ooo 
Dynamic compony, financially sound with a good future lo off*! you is rn immvdiot# n*«d of on in­ dividual with 2-S ywirs txptntnce 
MIA is a plus ond *i|wn*nc( should include bonk relations anal yin, ond other treasury functions 

TAX ACCOUNTANTS 
TO $22,ooo 

Very light expenenu required for these 2 companies loth ore in oil ond gas involving federal ond state returns Degree rn accounting ond 
"leg I" ac corporate experience is required lf you ara boing brid bock monetarily or growth wise, your chance to move could be now 

ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
TO $18,ooo + BONUS 
New position ond one that hoi high deqiee of visibility ond mobility 
Woik with VP on coordination financial information for operating divisions. Exposure to tho following oreos it necessary general ac counting, cost accounting, ouditiing, planning and systems Degree re­ quired ond 3 plus yeors experience 

Gel bock lo work the easy way 
It you've been away from work tor a while bema an Avon Repre­ sentative is perfect. You work tor yourself, set your own hours, sell quality products, and earn about 
S4o on atry SIM you sell 
Call 224-4941 

Bilingual traveling talesm an. 
Salary ♦ commistion. Leodinq tecard company. Apply in person 
19oo 
Fredericksburg 
Rd. 
Porn Spm 
COUNSELOR 
Sales minded person for our of­ fice Coll 421*494 New DOV Per- sonnet Conttts, TOI NE Loop <io 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Salespeople are among the high­ est paid in the world 
1 Immediate openings 
2 We will tram 
3 Must have car 
4. We work leads appt basts 
For personal interview 
Coll 732-21o5 
Experienced book men only call 
341-73*o otter Ham only 

FARM UNO RANCH SKIIS 
Cal) J.M Cmlltnan. Realtor 
BOB JONES. REALTOR 
344-2341 
Fast growing wholesale paper and lam lorial supply company needs ambitious sales represen totive who has bean calling on tocol trode er has experience in soles. Excellent cempany ben 
•hts Salary and < ommisstou Call 
Ronnie tor appt, loom 2pm, Mo- toro Paper Co 223-9412 

 flKHNKAl 

FOOD BROKER SALES PER 
SON to call an supermarkets in 
J the Son Antonio a re a , some 
I grocery experience necessary, salary rango to S9*oo annually, 
I interview will be conducted by 
I March IS, send brief resume to i John Kirkwood Jr , Luke Soules inc.. P O Box *357 San Antonio, Tx 
7*7o4. Phone (5133 174 o5o7 

FOLL CHARGE 
MANAGER 

51? WSI RUCTIONS 

Learn Professional BARTEND 
ING And bar MANAGEMENT, a world wide profession Jobs in demand in nub* and restaurants tor mon aud women 
BROTHERHOOD SCHOOL OF 
BARTENDING 
A Texos Cen-' to Trade School otter mo (roo on lob assistance one discount to Vats Coli now 
149 2*o1 
IBIS 
JACKSON K IL L E R 
Suit* 
247 
N «* era rara o»Qin March I 

Southwest School of Medical As llstuner m 7/9* ll* Bipod-VOV 

HALLMAR 
AIKO- 
TIC_ 

•(C O M I A IIC IN U O 
A V IA T IO N TIC H N IC IA N 

Appl o« rd for Ut lr'ens 
Auiedtled NAUS Insliluiiori 
FAA Appoint 
(terser in Anltomt 9«4 form pion* 
Quoin, for (AA AA? l«f*»r* 
(oms* Dural'#!' 12 Months lob tier ms* im Assistency 

VHI? Of CAU 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
HJO 44th fa. farms* field 
San Aniente, lese* T III* 
9 3 4 -assi 

THIS IS YOUR 
O PPORTUNITY! 
To prober* for CIVIL SERVICE 
Examinations Men woman IS 
I and over. Opportunities for ad- none omen! Preparatory bromin* i a* long a* reouired Experience 
I net alway* necessary A Home 
Study School since 19*4 will tend 
VPU FREE IN FO R M A TIO N en 
(tbs ond their req uirem en ts. 
! Write Today giving nam#, ad- 
I dress and phono ta: Lincoln for 
VICOS. IMC., Dept 
91 F, 2211 
Broadway Pekin, Hfawots SUH vole roo inquiries Welcome 

Thus Vocational School 

SOI H E F E t t im i 

ADJUSTER TRAINEE, Degree 
Tram tor professional challenge, independence, flexible hours, car 
89,544 coll Doon Ross 712 21*1 
SNELLING * SNELLING 
Employment Service, 9* Gill Rd 
AGRICULTURE 
DEGREE 
Hove you considered lh# Peace 
Corps? Th# Peace Corps exper­ ience con mean more mon lust on opportunity lo do some good It con mean on exciting introduction lo international agriculture, it can bring knowledge and insight ml# other cultures, it con mean new languages and it can mean in­ roads into lobs with governmental attendee her* and abroad To so* specific Peace Carps Assign­ ments. contact S1I-34/-S42*. Ext 4, 
£ 2 !* iL 
CITY OP PLATONIA, is accept mg applications for Mi# position of 
Pone# Officer Prefer cortin*4. 
Salory open, Send Resume with picture to 
J I BOYO, PO BOX 
3/5. FLATONIA. TX 74941 

■ a o ia t Ob #»d w e Lo7noTT*T vice tor sofa Small fawn Reply 
Express News Box ABIB. San An 
•MBB, to IM M 
I 
RE Ai rn tole broker Hoods work 
• ho portaor with salesm ans 
•Kens# and knowledge of com m or CMM real * sluts in San Aition 
Vt JET?IJJ 

TOMATO 
GREENHOUSES 
Grow not i on or iv advertised lama leos and etbor vegetables year found for mo wholesale market 
Greenhouses, special growled term UMM training and marketing assistance included 8*444 min investment Free details contect 
I he Everloe in FMeor, Route I. 
Pox U A Mipbwbv I I I loutb. i u ,w * iBrtRf. Aft.- 
----------- 
TRADE or SEI L APT hiO TE l 
(22 units), Roe) money maker, 
Bar agin 5*7 *44 7_34**/5_ 
Used (4x17 elf ice, term *, tree delivery ti* t m 
--------- 
W ESTERN r u l e Associate 
Store Established business rn bishop. Texas Iheontory and bufidin* *71,o44 1*4,444 down 
Contact Mr Alvar*! (517)544 B ill 

D A Y A H IT K C LA E S E S 
NEW CLASSES 
BEGIN MARCH 14th 
Keypunch, Secretarial, Account 
Msg. Drafting ond All Other Busi­ ness Courses 
Vet Apgreved Enrett New. 
D U R H A M CO LLEG E 
IO* SAN PEQRQ 
21* *4o1 
Finish High School et Hem* 
Diploma awarded For b o * bro­ chure, call American School toot free 
> **-*/> «)>«____________ 
FLORIST 
Four woo* court* hi Herat gotten and management write far tree brochure Waiiandor School et 
Floral Design, inc Radio Barid mg 9o1 Indiana, Wichita Farit. 
Texos. 7*141 
HALLMARK AERO TECH til# tom ST. Stinson Field 
__________t il i i i * ~ 
- i w m m r T e r m t 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Sdvtrirvemeiris rn thee* iriemns en 
•.raped •• lh* pramn* tho! (tbs et ttirf •*! bt fifed en th* bests of m*ni eitheut Pwi im*"oho" knows* et ms unless rh* (ob is a benefid* w t ope'tone! queiilnelien 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES lh* Sen A,Hem* fusel* fmpieymeiii 
* jilotion bes a ugw (*d* et (Huts 
Ie uhuh oil Its privet* tnqdeym tnl eg*nr, metnben suburb* tor rn 
Ic mullion abow' pivot* «mpt#,m*nl oftmMi rn o»lion en tompiotiris. intl 
274 HBI 
* lur SOU et ifs* Metter lusinev 

M 
CIVIL ENGINEER 
Civil Engineering Draftsman 
Consulting engineering firm has en opening tor a civil anointer and o civil engineering dronsman with a minimum of Tyro ext on subdivision imorovomonts and m unicipal protects 
S alary com m ensurate with a b ility . 
Phene 3*9-4131 for OPP'--------------- 
EMPLOYMENT COUNSELOR 
Grrat ap tv in fer o fascinating ft#td,*M-4*4o 
FINNEY A Assot Personnel 
Cont. S435 Caligation N om 

' INDUSTRIAL EMERS 
Need 4. BSiE, 47 yrs experience. 
II4-I3K. to* paid Can John Vest 
Locke Employment Service 
»4* ?9>l ___________ 
JOB HUNTING? *17 54*.444 Ber nard Holdone A A ttic 
( I I I ) 
3*2 I U * 
Since 1947. Not e p toe em WI I age nt y 

S125 
Management 

 wk 

S2oo 

I* 72* IOO* 
11 pet VS ANO NI w t 

C O L L E G E G It AOS 
Tharc ARE itimuidting ways ta use your experience A A et Met tors Where? In Pope* Corps and 
V IS TA 
We boyo request for volunteers (fem «• deveiopin* natrons ond from com munity agencies across th* USA Soonish speakers o r* needed,too We provide voiu ntoo rt Hying ai uwane# transportation, medical, other bonetils Find out whore your d#*roe coo take you Coil 
*IF34? *9?*, 1x14 tbftOCt 
CPA Prettipious nut I concern, auditor-ecteunbnf aor d Excel lent benettle SIS *K Tom Snow, 
34lt»»i 
SNELLING B SNELLING 
BnbBdbYMf Mf RICTOR Strafe* 

In tern a tio n a l co tram s ♦ promotes from within! Have a desire to bo the b e tt + 18' Ex bunding need «. Dove Crisp 
923 41*4 
411 SW Military 
J S S lW h Placement St » vice 
NORTH AMERICAN SCHOO! 
Accepting Teachers opplicatiens tar 197? 74 School Yeoi * Alem 
H s , Math, Science and Coun seter interviewing in U S lot* 
March Sand Inquires AIR MAIL ta 
DIRECTOR 
ESCUELA BELLA VISTA 
APARTADO >94 
Marocoivo Veneiuetg, S A musician to annoy s tor 
ORGANIST. ploy Conn 
Unify Char* 
*41 1423 Roy Orason n I K r i f l , evenings 

OVERSEAS 

High solones, liberal bene fits, paid vocations, S IO furnished 

COST, PUNNING, SCHE­ 
DULES 
8 
MATERIALS 
ENGINEERS 

To plan, develop ond im­ plement procedures, con­ trols A reports in or en of responsibility 

LOGISTICS A SUPPLY 

Experienced in lot9 o vol­ ume central ond branch warehouse operations in­ cluding inventory control and R & I activity 

★ 
CONSTRUCTION 

MANAGERS; SUP TS. 

To direct site or area oper­ ations ond coordinate sub contractor activity, 

PRIOR 
EXPERIENCE 
O N 
LARGE 
ENGINEER-— 
CONSTRUCT 
PROJECTS 
AND 
PROVEN 
SUPER­ 
VISORY 
ABILITY 
RE­ 
QUIRED. 

Mail resume with complete work ond colory history, or call (5 12) 3 49 3221 for personal interview ap pot fitment 

ALL FEES A EXPENSES 
PAID BY EMPLOYER 
A P E X 
INTH N ATION Al 
Surf* t i l , 4314 levon ifh Or. 
Tex 71114 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 

U U JOHN VEST 
826-9671 

INDSUTR1 Al INCUS 

Need 4. (fat. o - J yoon tip* 
SIO - IM, It* paid 

INDSUTRIAl ENGR. 

D*gr*ed, dei im ll Mig re p . SH 
HK. Ft* pod 

PLANT ENGR. 

KMF. Chem [ , l l ye on **pr 
Out! control, conveyors SH • 
UK, let ped 

ESTIMATORS 

Structural steel tabncotion, large 
(wilily, expr fobs ell, labor, etc, 

SUK 4 up. ft* pod 

DETAILER • CHECKER 

(Apr m ttrurturol drafting De pend* upon expr . SIO - IM, lee pod 

2446 Co«g«B St. 
826-9671 

DISTRICT 
MARKETING 
SUPERVISOR 

Mojor 
Credit 
Cord 
Co. 
Needs Rep. for SALES & 
SERVICES 
Territory 
Son 
Antonio cmd So Texas Cor necessary. Travel necessary 
Outs de soles exp nee essary, 
Salory, exc. 
Co 
Benehts and 
Cor 
Allow 
Send Complete- Resume to; 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

P .O . B O X 4 5 5 7 

SAN ANTONIO, TX 78297 

(Coll Rofir Whitt) 

OU A GAS 
PRODUCTION 
DOCUMENTATION 
$12,ooo to $17,ooo 

Strong lord compony tetki 
o person with experience handling production 1 worth Must bt fomthor with SFVflANCF H I procedure*, ond hey* a good understanding el field eporahons 

STRUCTURAL 
DCTAUEX/CMECKER 
U M M i t U M M national compony expanding opera hens in lh* Sen Antonio area ond needs people wrih structural ond tx pressure rascal exponent* 

M n AL FABRICATION 
SUPERVISOR 
$11,ooo to $14,ooo 

Implement momifort ut et seeks o person with suporvisory ripen*mr m motel fabric ebon 
I 

Ladies Specialty Shop 
Northsrd# tocotion Beloit sates experience with Misty customers important Apptv only lf you hove proven sales ab ility 
A dvan­ cement opportunity, fringe ben­ efits. colory ■* bonus interview with resume 
Coll Miss taylor 
*?*-**4t ____ 
_________ _ 
FUN ANO PRO UT BUSINESS, lf you or* industrious, can follow instructions, and desire mdepen donee, we may hove lh * exact part lim* business tor you Send a snort lefter lo Express News. Box 
No 4523, 7429/ We Witt Coll 

 strength ii 
CHIS, etc 

Must fatiMS. MAKIS. FUR 

C O - O f f O f M A T O R lf leu en|*y Fubkr Glo nom and 
Kdrmnntretrv* work you might be rhgibi* to rill out new post 
Iron of coordinating medical pet sonnet We we looking for a person inlorested rn ouoptrog tesoonsibrhty mid progressing wim • lest growing BationJ medical tonne* 
J ll, seme weekends lneien! opportunity avarice* Im rh* right parson. 
N v rto fln d o rt 
2 2 6 - 6 3 3 3 

I BANKING) 

(Coil Myron Goldman) 
V.P. LOANS 

Our (kent urgently seeks a bonk lendmg bangmund 
Htot th compasses 3 vows *1 direct tx pen*ne* re kohl common ml, kght consumer ond heavy real estate 
(rasrdenhai) lending Mew business development *»p*"«m# is t must 
Tint is on outstaring hank in o high growth aret ticeflont bone lits UR me Im on appointment 

M t t a bdl 

Personal lines underwriter 
Must have 7 yr* exp underwrit­ es* personal property and termly 
.. ■•.'••s.b.i*. batery opon Contact 
Jerry Mitier I i i 2441___________ toe tnt lAstrsr m etals 
OH A WANI AO 
IMI NUMktk to CACI 
IS 37S lo ** 
I X PP I SS AND NIWS 

ProtosMonpi Executive 
Consultants int I 
Per sonnel Consultants 
*243 IM 14. Suit* 444 
>14 7 k - W U 
Sharp* Personnel Service 
*337 Sovereign Dr 
Suite 144, I SU I 344 1541 

 in tnt t x net ss Niws 
CAU 71S I AAA 

RETAIL MANAGCMENT 
WF Att t i men s tofHrent stores orth a unique design end con copt, 1o1 at sd w math coost 1* coost mony more units ptenned 
WI MEED talented peupt* lo HR impatient position > rn store 

TOU RHD « Rostra to mofci a cora*! rn retail and abikty to lean lost and apply your 

 t o r * 
* compony tho! personalty helps you to succeed 
I stolen! salary pottntroi, profit sharing plus lul benefit program 
LOW to t OIH**. 
6 5 3 -7 3 9 9 
S i l v o r m a n * 
Men's Store 
W in d so r Wark M o ll a * xepwnwny xwpNrar 

" W T I y i HlT KB----- 
IHI NUMbte to (Alb is 32S lo ** tX PUSS AND NIWS 

EXPERIENCED 

INTERIOR 
DESIGNER 

Retail exponent* preferred 
■ Major corp benefits 

 a p p ly In p m rto n 

 to Mr. Megwff 
K a r o tk in s 
Furniture 

48o1 Broadway equal opportunity employer 

A m o w m m e w w rn x d 
Position A vanaatt 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
STATE UNIVEESITV 
The Athletic D ep artm ent of 
SW TSU announces a HEAD BAS 
KE TEALL COACH Petition Du ties included head men $ basket batt coach and instructor rn PE 
College coaching experience preferred Minimum of AAdkters in 
PE Salary commensurate witn degrees ond experience Ap pltcants must submit in udvonce 
I A written resume I At least three reference* bv persons who ar* in a position to slat* th* ap plicanls expertise in tub requir 
• m ints Submit no tater than 
March ll, 1*77 t# 
Bitt AAilter 
Director et Amie Iks 
SOU1HWCST TEXAS 
STATE UNIVERSITY 
Son Marcos T«>as 74**4 
SII 392 111* 
SWTSU is un affirmative action teapot Opportunity Empra.er ll ACH J HS! 
See*.raining teether placement 
SPE ABS PERSONNEL SNV 
7o7 ja c k s o n Ko tte r 
114 It* ? 

 f-x iT a ra wt 
1 
Personnel 
Aicvocidtei 

# l * l 9 4 W 4 l i l l ( | | 49 9 l|4 4 « 
I m e d ic a l 
I 
WANTED 
ASSISTANT 
DIRECTOR 
OE P L A N N IN G 

, let the k c ar (aunty Hesprtd 
• lustral, Son Antonio. Texas, af 
I hi ated with th* Umveraity of Texos 
: Health Science lontoi Qaid poten 
• hoi (or advancement 
Cond ufo** 
• must hoe* on MA Uogra* in uibon • 
• « mshtutwnol planning, hospital • 
• odetenutrahon bourses* ad 
J 
J ministration or public health Must • 
I hove o minimum pl on* year el es 
* 
J pen*im in • hearth core setting or • 
• • related pFonmng activity Mary I 
• negotiable commensurate with t i 
* 
• portend Send resumes to 

• 
Du Ador of fersonno! 
\ 
• leior County Hospital 
I 
District 
* 
ASO? Merittol Drive 
• Son Antonio, Itxos 71284 
I 
J Fnor Ko AAorcJt 25, 1977 
•rn 
' tquw Opportunity (atpteyti M I 
* 
• B • • 9 • * • • * # • « ♦ t 9 * • * • • ♦ rn 

 sates Spies sates Sates 
Need Qualified sates people coli joe 712 11*1, 2*41 west Ave 
Jo b * North tnt, Ptocemt Svc 

Novo 3 openings In telephone soles dept Putt time and or part time Apply *4*1 Clitten* Park­ way (oft Fredericksburg Rd at loop CIO) between 9 IP-ll loam or 4 IO 7pm Olan Mills Portrait 
Studio, ask tor Mr Coodv tor interview 
It you ore the man I am looking tor, I will loach you to sell port time I evenings per week and torn up to St2oo per month Coil 
♦>7 1797 S-*. 34pm only__________ it you think you Have ability tor training in nowspapor sates, cir­ culation, etc Aopiv of sit* West 
Avenue lo w starting salary, during l< a j»e; rad 
IN V E S T M E N T S 
On# to one solos, o touch ot class tor pres riotous not I firm SUK lr ammo sat then comm. Fe* Paid! 1*o 
Baker, MI ISSI 
SNELLING A SNELL ING 
Employ IB IW NE CT QA Ser vice 

I would tike to meat a man who would like to be ear aint S3. OOO per month in the next *4 days Coit 
Mr Allen *17-17*7, 9-tOam or 
♦ Sqm only 
LEASE ANO EARN 
We nood on experienced leasmo carrat or wt writ tram you in our loosing dept Applicant* must be familiar with apt industry inter, ested persons must submit a let ter al references cmd resume ond also hay* a current real estate salesmans license Earning* or* dependent on your ability and hard work Writ work in Austin 
Qualified aer sans send tellers and resumes rn core et 
Personnel 
Deal. HTM W 
Av*. Austin. TX 
178781- 
LOCAL AMWAV DISTRIBUTER. start now, eepoitunity tor good earning*, you PKk lh* hours, wa from.for interview coft *5* SQI* 
M ANAGEMENT 
POTENTIAL 
Morkehno aim of notional hard ware compony needs self sufficient confident disciplined professional salesman lo screen dealer a apii cents in th* S West on commission basis Phenomenal future tor auantic* person Cal) 
Mr Morris en l i l t ) 77* CUO 

 n a t io n a l c o m p k n y 
Locaf 
Will tram 1 No ovormpht! SIOK potent $14,o44 bos* Jerry Ward, 
341 ISSI 
SNELLING B SNELLING 
Eraptor tb? W RECTOR Sirrvic* 
NATIONAL COMPANY 
Need females and mates, sharp, oaoi assise neat diessors. prefer people with madonna, cosmetic soles or rotated work with public. 
Good Poy, compony benefits. 
Must have own transportation 
Coit Tam ar B art 34* 4147, 
34o 43V' days. »I4 4474 dights 

NEED 7 I I C E NSC O REAL 
ESTATE AG EN TS rn our 
Southside attice 
E arn between *I2.4#4 ta *35,444 aet year b u yin g and selling real estate on a stale wide basis 
Ne expenenco necessary, will 

JACK MITCHELL EM 
REALTOR 
>31-31o7 

Need ox*son lo call en retailers und work m ot ai me display I day week good with math end able Ie meet puck, salory S IN per week plus expense and benettle Ear interview cpu bob Ate no no ti 
H IN N 
NEW QUARTERS 
Growing again, need m ara aaent$ It you wont a chance to corn and learn white you grew with us coit soon 
MAC REAL ESTATE B ib iri I 

IN SHI tx POI 5 Kl A 
I* * * 

P a g e 2 o - D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 

6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 
6o2 r n 
662-SALES 
6o2 SALES 

“ IMMEDIATE” 
I need two good people who: 

 a) Are willing to work 6 days including Sat. and evenings 

 b) Not afraid to get their hands dirty 

 c) Has high school education, must have good driving record 

 d) Needs to earn a minimum of $ 1,ooo per month 

 e) Desires the opportunity to advance into management 

Q ualified candidates apply a t once 

5o1o West Avenue 

W o r ld ’s L a rg e s t T e rm ite A P e s t C o n tro l Co. 

Division of Rollins, Inc. NYSE 

Sales Reps 

Y o u r o ffic e p ro d u c ts o r w o r d p r o ­ cessin g e x p e r ie n c e — p lu s th e e x ­ citin g 

XEROX 8oo ELECTRONIC 
TYPING SYSTEM 

C an bring yo u n e w ca re e r p o te n tia l a s a X e ro x 

OFFICE SYSTEMS 
REPRESENTATIVE 

The feature-filled Xerox 8oo electronic typing system is a motor step forward in modern word processing It operates at up to 3So words per minute from magnetic tape or cords, uses a completely new in­ terchangeable print wheel, con type backward as well as forward, pro­ vides o wide selection al type faces and spacings, offers many other features that moke it highly flexible and easy to use. 

To market this versatile system, we hove formed a special soles teom — and have an immediate opening in the Austin area 

We seek experienced ond highly ambitious salesmen and saleswomen whose successful background in word processing and or office products preferably includes comprehensive grasp of the latest automatic typing equipment College degree or equivalent preferred 

We offer an excellent storting salary plus commissions and the famous 
Xerox fringe benefits pockoge 

Send resume to Mr J o Custer, Xerox Corporation, 313 East Anderson 

 lane, Austin. Texos 78752. 

X E R O X 

An equal opportunity employer (male/female) 

SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 

Consultants 

18oo N I. loop 41o 

828-5573 
SALES 
(Cad Sandy Howard) 
By Appointment Only 
Positions listed Below ore Fee Paid 

M iDt(Al ElECTVOMKS • Multi million dollar producer of patient monitoring equipment, pacemakers and defibrillation seeks Son Antonio based soles rep to coll on hospitals, loboratones, etc Background should include sole of electronics or elec tricot items, preferably to medical markets 
Con command a bose so lory of $15,o9o SI 6,ooo plus in­ centives to $5,ooo-17,ooo ond all extros. 

T CHMT OBY MANAGER • "Top of tho line" in capitol equipment has 
Son Antonia territory opening coll­ ing on industrial pionts, contr ort ors, public utilities and government in­ stallations Individual must hove 2 to 3 yean of direct soles experience 
By way of analogy, we need a hun­ ter who con stalk, shoot the gome, ond brmg it bock on his own shoulders Must hove proven in­ itiative ond ability to work of furtively without constant supervision, first year realistic earn ings $22,ooo plus compony cor ond expenses 

DISTRICT MANAGER • Expansion opening for Son Antonio with national consumer product cor potation Individual must be degre cd pius be in the first line manage men! of consumer product compony currentfy supervising 
S to 
6 salesmen Compony only interested in fast tracker who wonts ta make his own decisions ond really climb that (odder ta corporation mo nog* men! rn a hurry Salary S2S.ooo ta 
$27,ooo plus compony cor ond ex- pensos. 

I Pharmaceutical 
| Sales Opportunities 
^ with the pioneer in better 

% m aternal health and birth control... 

 va for achievers determ ined to earn 

VA 

TOP INCOME A BENEFITS 
I 

The Ortho Soles Teom is elite toy any standards • performance or rewards. Joining us will bring you a top votary, a regular bonus program based on both personal and divisional achievem ent, oil motor benefits, a cor for personal as well as business use. 
Plus free stock of our well known parent company. 
Johnson & Johnson, for those who qualify. 

TOP CAREER GROWTH 
MA 
Our established leadership, success ond steody ax- pension gives you room to grow. Our cleor policy of 
A h promotion from within • based on perform ance, ond y A performance alone gives you the opportunity, lf you y y , wont to know how for a sales position con toke you of 
V A 
Ortho, our President, our Boord Chairm an and more 
V A than SO other top executives who started in soles con 
A A tell you! 
V/A 
TOP PROFESSIONAL STATURE 

% 
As the link between Ortho ond the m edical community, y A you will have on honorable, challenging career that 
'/A combines dignity ond recognition with financial 
A A satisfaction. To qualify, you should hove a college 
/A ' degree plus some experience, or in depth experience 
AA equivalent to o degree Experience may be in sales, the armed forces or other responsible positions that cteoHy indicate your personal caliber ond ambition 
Training at full pay provided 
AA 
D ue to expansion, w e how e im m e d ia te open- 

Z/A trigs bi 
San 
A ntonio, 
C orpus 
C h risti ond 

Z /. 
H arlingen. 
Texas. A nd o th e r S o u th w e s te rn 

AA a re a s it re loca tion is d es ire d . 

AAA 
LOCAL INTERVIEW S W ILL RE 

VZ 
ARRANGED FOR 

AA 
QUALIFIED APPLICANTS 

Sand d e ta ile d resum e ta i AAr. I . f . Jo h n sto n , 
A A 
Dir a ctor o# 
Em ploy m aist-Motte a tin g , 
O rth o 
Ph arm aceu tical 
C o rp o ratio n , 
2 o 5 o 
N o rth 

Loop W a st, Suito l i t , Houston, To r o s 7 7 o 1 * . 

ORTHO PHARMACEUTICAL 
CORPORATION 
R a rita n , N o w J a rse y o (8 6 9 
A Johnson A Johnson Company 
An equal opportunity employer, M f 

TOP SALES 
OPPORTUNITIES 
CALL VIC SALINI 

826-9671 

LOCKE 

Employment Service 

SALES REP. 

Male or lr moi* ta sell for not to na) advertising compony Outside >oi«s rip necessary 2 yon coitago preferred local trow! SMK ■* 
$2oo OO month ripe mrs 
+ bonus 

SALES REP. 

IX bawd firm seeks outudr tabs individual with rxMiionct in chamitok psfertod Soiling rip mutt bo ta cud user College To 
SI3K bove A or draw Soma tx- pornos paid foe iamb 

SALES REP. 

Must bo willing ta ttkxato ta 
Houston, Dadd or El Rom Solos oriented lonsorvetivo Iva years college minimum To SI2R -f cor 
* expenses + bonus fto/rob- celien paid 

MGI. TRAINEE (RETAIL) 

Compute training provided by 
Compony National Con relocate total if dossed full benefits lo 
$1.11 

2446 Ceegoe 

826-9671 

LIFE INSURANCE 

BROKERAGE SUPERVISOR 

Life affiliate of property casualty company has opening for experienced life insurance person with some advanced sales exposure. 
CIU Designation or studies helpful. Manage­ ment aptitude a must. Position calls for salary, bonus, company car, expense ac­ count, group life, A & S, and pension. 
Replies held in strictest confidence. 

Send complete resume to: 

Robert o. Filker, CIU, Manager 

P.O. Box 2786 

Houston, Texos 77oo1 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Let’s 
| Be Honest I 
I lf you weren't looking | 

 fa r n now rnrogr, yOU ■ reading ■ 

CONSIDERING A BETTER CAREER IN 

REAL ESTATE SALES? 

Get the answers from the company that pays the highest commission schedules to the highest producers! 

C O M E TO 

N A Y L O R R EA LT Y ’S 

C AREER N IG H T S E M IN A R 

W ED N E S D A Y , M A R C H 16, 7 TO 9 P .M . 

TURTLE CREEK C O U N T R Y C LUB 

3 8 3 o P A R K D A L E 
The Nnyfot Realty Gallery of Homes management teom will answer your questions concerning the challenges ond requirements of this fascinating industry 
Mr More Cook, Sales Monoger-Decker McKim Gallery of Homes, Pasadena, 
Texos, will be the principle speaker Moose coll 656-552o loc reservations 

REFRESHMENTS W ill BE SERVED 

N A Y L O R R EA LTY 

G A LLE R Y O F H O M E S 

_ for a new career, you 
I wouldn’t be reading 
| this ad. lf we weren't | 
I looking for someone I to do a job, this ads would not be here. I " 
( arn interested in talk-1 ing to a mature P*T’ | son; a person who ■ 
| knows how to take on ■ 
I a job ond do what it | 

 m takes to get it done. I 
I To that kind of per- ■ 
| son, we offer a ■ 
■ tremendous com-1 
. . I . , ------ 
| mission soles career. 

I 
Call 

I 
349-3718 
# 
IO AM to 2 PM 
For Interview 

EXPERIENCED 
OUTSIDE OFFICE 
SUPPLY SALES 

Aggressive new business. 
Salary + comm. 
Call for appt. 
69o-8276 

M edical Center 
O ffice Supply 

6o6 • ADMIIilSTRATTVt 
[IMW Ai 

 r n m m nsTRATivE 

■ b i 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 

 financial 
* iBrotwlnj^ 

SHELIY’S 
All GIRI SHOPS J 
Jk| 
Mature, aggressive, T outgoing sales lody for J part time work. 
Expe- ^ rience needed. 
^ 

653-9363 

For Appointment 
£ 

A C C O U N T A N T 

New Manufacturing operation in Brownsville, Tx. needs an ex­ 

 perienced accountant. Emphasis on standard costs and budget 

 requires a solid background in this area. Qualified candidate 

 please forward resume and salary requirements to*. 

P.O. BOX 3788 

BROWNSVILLE, TX 7852o 

E q u a l O p p o r t u n i t y E m p lo y e r M Z F 

REM ESTATE AGENTS 
Are you considering making o change in Ecol Estate Companies’ 
Do you find yourself unhoppv with your personal piodurtion ana can't quiet put your finger on the cause? Hove you asked yourself these questions lately? 
. 
II you hove, why don t you coll 
oEANIE OW!MS REALTORS ond ask for a confidential interview Con­ cerning whet 
Deonie 
Owens 
Realtors has to offer regarding pro­ fessional training, excellent com­ mission structure, happy selling envirflnment, Plus on opportunity to become a member of the Cher­ ished Red Coat MILLION DOLLAR 
KUB Call 344-62o7 ft. taafiderrtial interview 

SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE 

OPENINGS FOR (2) 
I EXPERIENCED CAR * HUCK 
SALESMEN 
SEE: RAY GUERRA 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTH 
922-6317 

694 TECHNICAL 
6o4 TEE 
SOS-RESUMES 

• Assistant Manager 
• Sales Personnel 
• Store Manager 
| • Cashiers & Stock 

Openings now available for Son Antonio's newest Pix Shoe 
Store on Walzem Rd. across from Windsor Park Hall. Ex­ cellent opportunity to join one of America's fastest growing 
I shoe companies. Profit sharing, paid vocations and medical 
■ insurance available. 
Apply at Pix Shoe Stores 

694 S.W. Military 
I 

OPENING 

For 2 experienced salesmen. Tindall 
A Son Pontiac - 
GMC Trucks, Inc. 
Contact 
Henry 
Tindall. 

^73oo San Pedro 

I 
AT 
P p n n 
D v 
FINANCIAL SERVICES DIDION 
MANAGEMENT A SALES POSITIONS 
You ora cordially invited to attend a presentation regarding an unusual opportunity in tnt San Antonio orca beginning at 7 p m at the Oak Kith 
Motor Inn Regency Room. 
JC Penney Insurance Companies will host on opportunity Seminor to ex­ plain its soles mwketmg program lf you hove on interest in manage­ ment ond sobs positions ond being associated with one of the largest retailers in the U.S., we would like to heor from you for further information on attendance, please contort. 
Sam Rieger 

4414 Centerview #1 5 o 

734-7724 
A n Eq ual O p p o rtu n ity Employor 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Our continuing expentiee hoi opened residential iotas positions lot career-oriented parsons with or without experience Your suc­ cess potential, is- thoroughly ex­ plored in our Confidential in­ terviews 
Extensive in-house training program. 
Coll' Bill 
McGtpntt ,<■ Brookhollow Office 
494-7651 or tarry Segrevt 
Son 
Pedro Office 124-41? I. " 

 k o s o u r & l& T ift ^ 

REAlTORS-5o YRS. OF TRUST 

- 
I 

Sears 
Part Time 

Salespersons 

Earn extra money, plus get an immediate 

 employee discount on purchases. Apply: personnel 

 office 

A n Equal Opportunity Employor M / f 
Sears Central Park Store 

SALES 
$3o,ooo UP 
We rape* ran I several outstanding taco! corporation (bilious of oddmg gcowtti oriented and aggressive individuals ta their staffs Individuals selected wit! hove o woven sobs or bostnost .access record ond be money motivated We are e highly ragarded nationwide Humnn 
Resources consulting ond executive selection firm All costs ore ossume by the compony IF CAREER ADVANCEMENT IS YOUR GOAL, 
CALL MR. CRAW FORD 

S I 2-736-2263 

PROFESSIONAL EXEC. CONSLTS. 
NOT “ JUST ANOTHER AGfNCY” 
6243 IH IO , Suit* 44o 

SELLING TO 
MACHINE SHOPS 
We are opening a second industrial supplies warehouse ond need a salesperson to sell piping systems, compressors, hoists, drill bits, grinding wheels ond other in­ dustrial products. For ap­ pointment call 
Lllie 
Spenrath at 223-18o1. 

THE PERRY 

SHANKLE CO. 

NATIONAL 
CORPORATION 
Seeking rates person with drive ond initiative a self starter, ond able ta effectively orgomte then time lf you are looking for o emeer ond not a J OI . we would like to discuss your opportunity with our firm M I trot. mg pro­ gram, bose income up ta $17oo per month ond fringe benefit pro prom provided For confidential interview, cod George K. Wilcox, 
Jr. 

Between 8:3o ond 12 Noon 

Mon., Tues., ond Wed. 
(512) 735-47o7 

I WANT TWO full time reliable 
REAL 
ESTATE SALESM EN. I will train completely and share a very lucrative business. 
M y top salesmen have made over $9ooo in the first two months of 1977. 

Ceti tee en appointment 

Tom Taylor 

494-5237 or 826-6288 

TECHNICIANS 

’’FIELD COMPUTER OPERATOR — Experience with portable mini computers and terminnls, wilting to travel extensively. Will be trained to operate computers used in inspections of nucleor power plant sites. Duties will be data input preparation, keyboard entry, minor hardware maintenance to replace boards ana records filing. High school education plus computer operator education ond training 

RADIOGRAPHY — for inspection of heavy section materials and typing; with level I certification framable ta level ll; 2 yrs in nondestructive testing radiography desirable; 2 yrs or more of technical education or training beyond nigh school preferred; familiarity with other nondestructive testing methods is a plus foetor. 

Excellent employee benefits 
Opportunity for advancement 

Salaries based on axparitnce and training 

For an interview appt., 

 please call Personnel O ffice 

684-5111 Ext. 2253 
Southwest Research Institute 

85oo Culebra Rd. 

 on equal opportunity employer M /F 
. 

▼ 
RESUMES 
J 
6 
FAST 
4 
EFFICIENT 
BHCTIVI. 

1 7 V * 
Letters of 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

 t 
8 2 8 - o 7 .2 
. 

 i a a e e e t 

Application 

S e e O ur 

Yellow Hoe** 
Arfvertteemant 

 lee Smith A Assoc. 

828-o742 

♦ 

♦ 

666 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

REAL 
ESTATE 
SALES 

 need 2 aggressive agents prefer bi lingual, rail tine. 
• 6o*» Commissions Paid 
• Exertion working conditions 
• Plenty of Lends 

YOU M I UVE USI 

SAN AMT OHO RIAL ESTATE 
Realtors - 349-6531 

3231 W EST A V E. 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

I need two full-time reliable real estate salesmen 
Call 
Norm 
Housley for appointment. 
653-6364 
658-2568 

 r id carpet 
P 
E 
A 
U t 
Q 
R 
S 
’ 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER, 

E E DEGREE 

Required with knowledge in Computer and basic control type instrumentation technology. 

EXCELLENT PAY AND BENEFITS 

SEND RESUME TO: 
MRS. I.M . H A RA W A Y, 
EMPLOYEE RELATIONS 

ADMINISTRATOR, 
DAY AND ZIM M ERM ANN, INC. 

LO N I STAR D IV ISIO N , 

TEXARKANA, TX 755o1 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M /E 

* 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 

C O M PAN Y C O R R ES PO N D A N T ; 
Grad, growl? career with natl. co. 
$93oo call Betty Grant 737-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 GIII Rd. 

COST ACCOUNTANT 
San Antonio engineering and steel fabricating firm seeks degreed accountant experienced in steel fabrication costing to establish advanced cost system s for cus­ tom and modular shop. Minimum 
5 yrs experience fabrication en­ vironment. Eaual oppotunity em­ ployer. Send resume to Express 
News Box 4539 
_ 

I 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

6o6 
ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

W E W IL L TRA IN 
E s ta b lis h e d in s u ra n c e route. 
M a r rie d b ilin g u a l 
S ta rtin g sa lary S U S w eekly. No exper- rance. 924-4121____________________ 
W O U LD YOU L IK E TO KN O W 
M O R E A B O U T A C A R E E R IN 
R E A L E S T A T E ANO THE AO 
V A N T A G E S THAT O N LY R E O 
C A R P E T CAN O F F E R IN NW 
SA N A N T O N IO ? C A L L B O B 
W AN O RISCO *99 1133 FO R CON 
F IO E N T IA L IN T E R V IE W 
RED CARPET 

NOW 

R I M M T A T I A M B IT S few knew 
Omit 
Yep 
Im I 
S»t**e f u n mem tm nigh ta- 
..m e brat*att tm, knew ital 
Imp Im I Ut— Cnaepeatae i tm*, tkrmmp tam rn 
. PS— 

 wSwtag, 
L taieneI 
••♦ee.oi 

 t e a , ss r n . «&■ 
.mu it. Hmm* mu) 

Real f state Salesmen tor subur ban property, en site sales. SSM per month drawn against cam i mission 494-23U 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Considering a thane* Of OODlyme tor u license* Call me fur an in tar view We arter a goon carnous 
; sien. professional training, T v 1 advertising o nice attice, and affiliation with K E Y G E O U P 
R E A L T O R S R ay C a rrin g to n . 
Realtor, RAN D O LPH R E A L T Y , 
I ASB-Md I i 
Real € irate A f and brokers at 
W eaO creek R e s o rt inc nee# events and brokers to represent its Hill Country R esert in 5 A 
Woodcreek is * yeprs ald and Has 
I I hares el playable omit is hales under constru ction, I* tennis j ceorls, J swimming peals, stables, health s p a a rts and c ra fts | center targe with 21 metal rooms- 
West World Restaurants. W aler 
Hate Club, eyer IM names ond townhouses, takes and c re e k s ,! cen.en cantar underpruund util 

REAL OPPORTUNITY 
Wont experienced sales person 
I tar sales manager at supply dept tor wholesale 
Horal company. a m u 

$6oo Retail Trainee S8oo 
N at l ca tra in s futuro m inded 
Need J Pouf flie r 
921-41*4 
413 SW M ilitary 
J UD- sourly Pion. .Dent Set VICO 

SALES • CASHIER 

LADIES 
SPECIALTY STORE 
Must h a .* exp rn retort fashion selling and cashiering W and., tai opoty 
M any benefits. C all for appt M r Hill 734 so li Tuts Sat 

START YOUR OWN BUSINESS 
WITH FARMERS INSURANCE HELP 

Does owning your own business without in­ vesting capital appeal to you? Does influencing people give you satisfaction? Have you more- than-average initiative, self-discipline and stability? Can you budget yourself on $ 1o,ooo- 
$12,ooo annual guarantee while acquiring the experience ond knowledge to earn more? Com ­ plete training in auto, fire, life and commercial insurance. 
For a confidential interview, call 
Charles Manley at 656-8266. 

JAYS 
W O N D ER LA N D 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We con train you lo earn up to $4 OO per making 

 colls From our office, we are on the Bus line ond we 
Have free parking, 

 lf you ore 18 or over ond need o steody (ob with a 

 chance for advancement please coll 
Mr. Brown 
225-2818 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

PART TIME 
$11o per week 
I t nod IS peopto to work evenings, 6 ta IO in Forty Fir* Nor mag 
Detection I Itta No t i pet tem*, will tram, mutt hay* car 

Intervww by 
A fft, doty 
I 
735-61 S3, u t . 7 

SERVICE 
MANAGER 

Opening tar a Service Manage) ta supervise In Home Senate Dept ond handle venine cath Fie nous experience in furniture desirable 
Goad company benefits CoM cot* tart; 

I. AVERY ” 

(7 1 3 ) 224-7111 

Equal Opportunity tmptoypr 
STAP FURNITURE 
Houston, TX 77o o 3 

Sates 

D E A L E R 
I Sates 

R E P R E S E N T A T I V E 
National firm seeks J individuals lo Mill th* newest dispensing mo thm t pat sog* around Must be wutl groomed willing lo travel ami have direct soles expellence 
Up ta JO*, commissions para im mediately Regale in simutar po sitions now earning commissions af: 

54o OOO A Y E A R 
C A LL M R HO RW ITZ 
MON ANO TUk O N LY j 
> I )-*M 96/1 
SA LB SMITH OR I V B R 
For tacet Mower wholesale dis infuser needed excellent oppor 
I unity lot advancement sales ex pet tame rn must not necessarily 

 agr CMSfaanars C ar n e ce ssa ry tennis pro snap mm. marina, air 
^ 
**•* v n 1 •m 4 
* rt#u| ana clean cu t t in g 
Our co m m issio n s ore 
ESL tm a I m i J amang the tnffesl in the real os 
Sem i i i ---— 
, ■ 
- 
..." T T late industry, coli Mon S ri * I ask tar Mrs Kaetat Acreage one campsite Resorts soon overt tar marketing in tan 
*241457 

PROS ONLY 

 w 
o*1 UM com m ission ta start, catling en I i f f ar a shops. M M F theater 

Praus Organ tale i f f re aa ( M F I 
N e e d eof b a r * e x p a n d * * * rn vet ii no in est products aet sam * playing ability Jo b ff fa r t u a .t y o fte r p o te n tia l af S IB 
.(•pending an abilities Will tram 
Apply ta express News Ma* 2*91, 

 same are« 

Apply ta bepress 
>»!*> 
F T ffT a rn awe#A.A n u — 
I X PP SSS OMO N ew s 

■ aal b state salesmen tar saber ban property an site saws. Ikon par month drawn against cern 
B i A l l l O ___________ 
CAU 725 IOO* 

H 
SAL k 5 MOM I I P A IN t E 
IT M * ear week I yr train in g g rearam pat# lu n g e Benefits 
Retiree unwary invited Call O C 
Green. CCU M etropolitan Life 
! ria y/45 bauta opportunity 
( B H B JRBv im. .... WM11.,.. H I 
OU A W ANI AO 
IMI Nursers to CAU ll 725 I* * * 
11 PSt SS ANCI NI sui 

National firm needs 5 franchise 
Pros to sett the halest dispensing machines package around Must be wilting ta travel and pay awn expenses Up ta 25% commission p aid im m e d ia te ly 
P e o p le in eaeivetant positions new earning commissions at 
$75,ooo A TEAR 
C A LL M R H O RW ITZ 
MON ANO TUB O N LY 
H44M-9S7I. 
SACKS T R A IN S tfs i I H S 
A A A local firm . ne tra v e l wilt tram 974 44«I United P i . sonnet 
Q . . „ n M VC I w M a n y ., o . 

S12S Sites Trainee U SO 
Not I cat Car tarnished Lo cal terr iotas Hewn pion 
923 43** 
41) SW M ilitary jags South Placem ent service 

SALES 33oo wk 
Vie 927 2711 I I J I SW M ilitary 
Ju t fcxffM s mc Ptgctme.rt 
CAU 225-1*44 

Telephone sales, solid sponsor 42 years Convention banners Adv , 
Convention book C a ll tar aa pom Im ant I2> 5J44______________ 

THELMA B PRESSMAN 
• R E A L T O R S • 
Wants you 
Join us now Ova to our continued grow th, se ve ral openings nave been created bu­ siness re toad Lib eral cam mrs sign en lis tin g s 
B r in * yo u r 
HiSflii Call 47^754/ ta. u a £ l_ 
T R A IN E E S l* 4 M * 
Local end National Co tx o e r lance hetptul Chuck, ta* J541 
PU Personnel Service. 4371 

NEED CASHIER 
For Ladies' 
Ready-To-Wear 
Store 

A fXPUritNCl PBDIRtfD 
Apply in p«rson ta 
Jakb Upton 

37o North Slot Mall 

Sharp# 
Sovereign P i 
Suite 14o 
T R A V E L R E P 
A rra n g e ski taunts, group lours Start S IJ IK 
Plus u .line discount Lee to k e i, 
M I U SI 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
*3*1*1L U I * b E L T O R Service 
Umovs growth opportunity with a 
51M.oae.oM company tar those who Quality salary, and cammis- siaa 17* 55o1 
________________ 

 t o t i n i r a s n y ? P is u t t i 
ON A W A N I AO 
TMI N UM PIU TO C A U 
•5 775 I* * * 
I APHIS*. ANO N I W I 

ROUTE SALES 
TRAINEES 

March 9 bota IO OJm.A pm 
Dr. Pepper 
Bottling Compony 

 of Sen Antonio 

319o1. Houston 

Men or women needed tor prates sional telephone sates Unique opportunity Oav or eventing. CaM 
Gory or Bori 149 4o47 ar 349 4397 . 

•YOUR O M AGENCY# 
Farm ers Insurance Group oHert complete training proarom and 1 all types of insurance Continue present lob while storting your awn agency on part time basis. I 
Training and supplies tarnished I 
For a confidential interview, con­ tact S a le s 
M a n a g e r, 
J e r r y I 
Mr Pncguid ny tailing 174 7573 

6o4 TICHN1CAL_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | 

AVIONICS TEC H N IC IA N 
SSK 
Local estabi co urgently needs your exp M ary 475 *494 New Day 
Personnel Conilts 9o1 N E Loop ii® _______________________________ ; 
Big M edico! E n g in e e rin g tech nicion GS 7-*9S bed Medical and 
Surgical Hospital. Must have 5 years experience of which J must be laecialued in the field Start mg salary 511.523. Ample voca lion and sick leave and fringe benefits Equal Employment Op pertanity Agency Apply Person- I net Service. VA Center, Temple. 
Tx 7*5o1 417-774-4SH, Ext 442 
B S IE 514-75.ooo 
Entry level or experienced Call | 
Ray Burns. 349 3541. 
Sharpe Personnel Service. 4322 
Sovereign Or , Sud* 14o_________ 

F IE L D S E R V IC E ECH 
Electronic co training provided 
51o,ooo call Dan Darnels 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 9s Gill Rd riTT 'fl T TEr 
D R A FT SM A N T R A IN E E 
Consulting engineering firm has opening far a F ile Clerk-M et- senget -Draftsm en Trainee- HS eiaduatipn 'squired Salary cam m e n su ral* with ab ilitie s. C all I 
349 OHI tor appt 
RTI I b l o I M h i E b l i T l l Y 
CIVIL E N G IN E E R I N G 
D R A F T S M A N jwtth at least two years experience in and thorough understanding at i subdi. tetanal tat layouts, platting 1 streets plan and profiling, utiii ties and related w ork 
S a la ry c e m m e n s u re te w ith a b ilit y . I 
Phene Mr Martin (SI2I474-MS1. 
Austin, Tenet____________________ j 
£rogrammer Degree J>o I yr exp. ta 515,5oo 
Century Placem ent Service 
151 W Century bldg 349 1 37) 
P T O F A h d f * " m 
I V I T I 
Ability Ie analyt* aam m ittrohve. fiscal, ar artier specific ogency I problems ta determine it en au ­ tomatic data processing saltutiun it p r a c tic a l and e c o n o m ic a l, j 
A b ility ta p re p a re d e ta ile d p rocedures tar the solution to ! mas* problem* Appl..'ant should have degree from 4 year college ar university supplemented by I considerable experience in an- | alvite of allium s!.. data process I ing pi abient* and in com puter programming Salary 511.4)6 on I nudity Send tenors at application and resume to 
Director of Per tunnel, T E X A S Y O U T H CO UN 
CIL. 19oo Shoal Creek Blvd , Aus tin, Tx 747** D ead lin e for aa g licatien s: M arch 14,1977 An bqual Oocartanrty Employer. ijt iw business ma. lunes, SS depends an 

MANAGER 
PUBLIC HOUSING PROJECT 

★ Career Opportunity 
* Hbolth Insurance 

★ Vocation 
+ Retirement 

 it Sick leave 

Beginning salary $ 1 2,7o6 annually. Respon­ 

 sible for managing 483 Units of low income 

 family housing at East Terrace Home. 

Previous public of federally assisted housing 

 management experience desirable. 
College 

Degree in Business Administration, Sociology or 

 related fields. 
Two years management ex­ 

 perience. 

Call Ms. Alexander 

 at 532-6331 

CREDIT POSITION 
Leading com pany needs ex p er­ ienced phone collector with good tele p h o n e v o ic e . S a la r y plus monthly bonus. Perm anent post- tion with advancement. 347-419*. 
58oo Jr. Accountant HOM 
Degree! N o n co! take command. 
Need 2. Dave Crisp 
923-43*4 
413 SW M ilitary 
Jobs Soum Placem ent Service 
M A N A G E M E N T 
P ro m in e n t n a n co. Superb training and ben­ efits prgram. $93oo 
Tom Snow, 
34t 2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employ 1o2 W. R EC T O R Service 
M A N A G ES f R^rt n e 'e " So lid 
Program, secure future, leading 
Naiional consumer finance co 
5**oo Call Phil Arroyo 712-22*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 9* Gill Rd 

IS A h fA e iW T S A T tlE fe ; Degree 
Career minded, great opportunity for oroa.iitcd, outgoing person. 
57,4oo call Dean Ross 717-22*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service. 9* Gill Rd. 
M A N A dER-'fR A IN S te . Rapid 
Advancement to r hard working organized career minded person 
544oo call Betty Grant 732-22*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 9* Gill Rd utoDER'frbiffefe th Ainee 
Team oriented college grad 
Excellent program, leo notch co. 
$91oo call Phil Arroyo 732-22*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 9* Gill Rd 

SECRETARIAL 

SECRETARY 

High school graduate; some college work prefer­ red; one year office ex­ perience; type 6o wpm; shorthand ond bilingual skill preferred. W ork 2 :o o to 
1o o o p.m. 
M onday through Thursday, 9 :o o to 
5:o o p.m. on 
Friday. 

$45 o to $5o o month with all benefits. 

(Apply with 
Mr. 
Son ny 

Soliz, 
Southwest Center, 
8oo Gum tona Rood.) 

Hi R O B E R T BW *SJF 

Suite 34o 
Iirst N .tinnvl Rank Bldg 
Sen Antonio Totes 782o1 
(512. 736 2467 

Partial listing 
All positions local 

D irector of F in a n c e ...........................$ 3 9 ,o o o 
Sup* A/9, AA Gen Aceta, end audit De I em os hug ond pion nmg KYU listed to 
Binom ial A rsalyet................................ $ 18 ,o o o 
Consol Not tem . special prefects, presentettens A forecasts Growth tpef Mfg bkgd best 
Coat Accountant ........................... 
$18 ,ooo 
Brier cost ocrty with dolling end or pip* supply co. • must Bio motion slat 
Programmer................................... $16 ,ooo 
COBOL o must Min 
I yr exp Ca. uniting IIM 37o/1 SI o$. 

NO CONTRACTS— NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 

—ONI OU CAM. IS I I 'Ne NC'AC 6 CO** t MPcOVMf MT X»tC.Allt|T6 
UY*1 *U VZ*vt IM U-NitgM 
Cgnggg $ W'#*« •*<«(* 

RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 

AVOID TAX SEASON STRESS 

Heavy retail store accounting experience re­ quired. 
Salary to 
$18,ou o plus good I benefits. Report to Controller. Opportunity! to advance. Height and weight must be in j proportion. 
All applications held con­ fidential. Send letter and resume (no agen­ cies, please) or call 
Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grimm. 

512-225-7163 
SOLO SERVI COMPANY 

118 SOLEDAD, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o5 

COMPETENT 
SECRETARY 

Must be accurate typist with good I shorthand skills Position involves 
(toned wort, tiling and lit* I bookkeeping $ day work week, paid holidays ond vocation Auto * required 

Coll 826-9517 

 for appt. 

I 

J 

EU IICHX ICUI 

$15,ooo UP 
N eed 2 ex p e rie n ce d e la t e r s 
P ro ve n m arket, high co m m it klans na out at Packet expe lites leads tarnished 
H t- a i a . . 
— 
W anted exp erien ced tut! line vending route tatetman. For lisle cab 3413*51___________________ 

 you Paul Eller 
923 43*4 
411 SW M ilitary 

ISS WSURLu 
— 
FgT T ir r i'fw iBfp— 

W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
♦99-1615 

686 AMIHIIISI RA I (VI * 
Mil ABC I Al 

XcccrannrM ?Tee3e3Tectanrgro3 
Ham Si so m i l l ! 
- X BT U T T f B T i n g e HoH co 
Outstanding benefits. advancement 
516,566* call 
Dun 
Daniels 
732-32*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E fnutoyn.ent Service, 9* Gilt Rd 
15 225-166* 
U N t k l ANO N tW t 

DICTAPHONE 
CORP 

HAS OPENING FOR 
SERVICE REP 

WITH GOOD ELECTRONICS 

BACKGROUND 

A f x t d k n t Bbftbfit 

Pockaga 

* Salary, Vacation, 

In su ran ce and 

 e x p a n t a t 

Far mar* information, 

(ON J4 1-2SOS 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

Technical 
Management 
MMM*! .»«*,..*> w«ym >»! p,m< 
BB amt m*w«mmbi. J WWWM-VJ iMAgheii and u n i t at J a n and 

•Wsjm C'siy ©jtaff* sjlMpfii uw«d rn at**] 

 s x s - S T C ! 
— atarty G eed! 

 f e e d J K J 

«r«#5 
AfMMWrua Of 
" f . WQwieU 
• tatptaf 
Ie frtw i w e p 
— annum!, on# 
» (puma lw*. 

•ii. tim 
4543T) end Ne«a 
Ie, Nu 
A , Im, /I797 

 u t u k m u i m i 

 n w K M i 

H E R E 
SIK bookkeeper se c re ta ry w it* mgmt minded type «*cebttenolly gaud nidgem ent 
New Day Person 
Hours end days flexible 
Send 
N E Leog 414 resum e Ie B e g r e t t N e w t 

CAU l i t -1666 

B E G IN HERE 
Great start tar 
M ary 124 *4*4 not Canette. 9 6 1 ___ ___ f o r a A T W m iS6 ii r .e bd 
M ust ba a x p a ritn te d sl««o* 
Coft bitte. Pickle )4*)54l 
Sharpe Personnel Service. S JH l l >»grtif f Dr , batta 144 

SECRETARY 
Alamo At m Council of Go¥(rnm«nts 
J years exponente dewed 
Goad typing skiis requited 
Automabite required. 

Call 225-52o1 for appt. 

I 
SECRETARY " j 

I a ixpenancad. yond typist 
I 
I 
• Uterthand preferred 
I a In trite rf salary 

***UIU^*s]aitk 
^ 
7)6-4691 
I 
A mark an Automobile a 
Association equal opportunity employer J 

^ 

I C L E R K ST EN O . R ap er, smiling 
Willing ta halo other eery. 
5444* coll Guta Connor 712 2241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment S e rvile 94 Oil! Rd 
O r't Socty, agad skins, run brte i ate. sal agen, biting helpful, tee nape No shhd 
Century Placem ent Service 
IS) W Century Bldg 349-117) 

I "E'SFTIflAL IfCTKTARV 

Mag card exg required Narthside office 
S a la ry agen. C a ll M rs 
( amowt! 349-1377 

SSM FEE n S H O 
Gregg lh ! Good typist! Mnonet 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L SR V j 3o7 Jackson Kotter 
434-1292 
JOIN TNC BIGGEST 

Jot Opportunity ta Town 

T Y P IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Knowledge at Spanish Apply tis person I II * West A VO 
I ego! sec rotary tar Star th side low attice Real Estate exg reduced 
Salary cemmaneorata with abtlrtv end exg 7 ta 4371 
F r n g h l L IT V T S e r i T ills poi you sugar tab! t * M S a t Dee 
424 44*4 N ew D ay P e rs o n n e l 
Canute 941 N S loop 414 
WCRPflAHNt 'HW--- 

No SH. Meal and Or aal ideal NS 
Coif M f IM I 
Sherpa Personnel Service, 4)22 
Sovereign Dr . Suit* 14# 

 ke fir cd professional m an with offices hi downtown needs mature exg bookkeeper se c re ta ry with 

749) SA 71197 id s last etsu u s ut Act roue w a n ! AO in im* i a eat ss n iw s 
CAU 72k I AOA 

 s x p R 
E 
S s - N 
E 
W s m u m s A 
P 
S 
, . 1 7 2 u m l S " B i 

S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S 
. . . 
W 
« « « 
# 

■ N M 

 b i s 
NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCILLA BUE 
WITHOUT 
RAT! CHANGS 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
Q UICK RESULTS! 

ROB SECRETARIAL 
E 
S 
L 
BIB OFFICE A CLERICAL 
61oJ K I MHH 
SIU OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 

SECRETARY 

Swearingen Aviation has an immediate re­ quirement for a highly skilled Secretary. Duties require excellent typist and shorthand, the ability to organize the administrative details of the dept, plus the ability to communicate ef­ fectively. 
The position provides stable employment, good starting salary and ex­ cellent fringe benefits. Interested applicants should apply in person, Personnel Office, 
Swearingen Aviation, 
International 
Airport, 
San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right at NE entrance rood to Swearingen.) 

S W E A R IN G E N ^ a \s ia d c s s j r o H L ’O H A r t ) ^ 
J B R 

A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a r c h 6 1 9 7 7 

Handy Andy 

EXPERIENCED SECRETARY 
EXCELLENT STARTING SALARY 
MANY FRINGE BENEFITS 

Type at least 7o wpm, short hand 8o-1oo 

Apply in Person 3o oo E. Houston 

Monday-Friday, 8 am -5 pm 

W a A r* An fq v al Opportunity tmployor Maim or tomato 

D E C I S I O N S 

WHEN YOUR DECISION REQUIRES 
YOU TO CONSIDER ONLY THE 
VERY BEST FOR YOUR FUTURE 
CALI VIPI OPEN EVENINGS 
BY APPOINTMENT. 

UPPER ECHELON ... Comfortable in the top executive level? Then you'll feel right of home with this money-minded firm, learn all phases of the business and watch your future grow. Shorthand and typing please. Fee Paid. Call Frankie S m ith ............................................................................. 
$ 7 o o 

A FAVORITE SPOT ... Set your goals high, and secure this general ledger bookkeeping op­ portunity. Your accounting ability will be admired os you assist this busy controller. An excellent opportunity to learn full chorge bookkeeping under this congenial boss. Hiring immediately 
Call Maggie S h e a re r................................................................................................. 
$ 7 5 o 

BEGINNERS LUCK ... launch your career with this most dynamic company. Excellent potential and benefits for the nght person. Our client is seeking the aggressive, self-assertive, coreer seeker to hondle the secretarial duties and coordinate responsibilities for this fast paced, creative concern, fee Poid. Call Joyce B a k e r........................................................................................ 
* 
5 
7 
5 

PLAN AHEAD ... look out for your future with this solid compony. General ledger bookkeeping duties but knowledge of all aspects is requested and a plus will be some college accounting courses. Join this friendly staff today! Fee Paid. Call Frankie S m ith ..........................$ 7 o o + 

LEGAL GENIUS WANTED!... Toke charge of this busy law office accounting deportment. A good background in legal or trust bookkeeping will be an asset in dealing with their prestigious clients. A newly created position in this congenial office awaits your interest and application. 
Call M aggie S h e a re r ........................................................................................................................................ 
$ 7 5 o 

PRESIDENT’S DELIGHT ... As the secretary to the President of this investment corporation, you'll deal daily with corporate decisions, odministrorive duties ond a very diversified schedule Ex­ cellent skills and a high energy level requested Call Joyce B a k e r ................................... 
$ 8 o o 

VIP PERSONNEL SERVICE 
18oo N.E. Loop 4 1 o — 8 2 8-3 16 1 

BIO OFFICE ft CLERICAL 
RIO - OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 

» 

 rn 

 rn 
• 

SALES EXECUTIVE 

The fastest growing division of o world wide operat­ ing company needs a responsible person for successfully pioneering computer services. 

We are a totally computerized credit detection service that allows the businessman, by means of telephone to accept onybody s check, or approve anyone's ap­ plication for credit. In 3 seconds! 

 lf selected, you will represent the world s largest com­ pany of its kind. Unlimited opportunity for personal growth. Income range of $22,ooo-$25,ooo depending on experience ond previous performance. 

Contact 
Tom Moore 
Sales M a n a g e r 
DATASEARCH 
(512) 342-81 S3 or write: 
P.O. Box 13698, San Antonio, Tx 78213 

A division o f S eorch 
In te rn a tio n a l, Inc. 

 ii L m 

 rn 

% 

 r n ’s— 
LVN’S 
Staff R elief 
Private Dirty 

C hoose your days & shifts 

Full tim e & p o rt tim e posi­ 

 tions a v a ila b le . 

NO FEES!! 
Nursefinders 
226-6333 
7 3 o N . M a in St. 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
METHODIST HOSPITAL 

 has these openings: 

BNS—-experienced in these areas: tabor ond delivery, EX 

 and S.I.CU. 11-7 shift only. 

MEDICAL TVANSCRIPTtONIST — Medical record, 3-11:3o 

 p m. shift. Requires 2 years experience. 7o wpm typing, 

 medico! terminology. 

RESPIRATORY THIRATY— Graduate therapist, CUTT or 

 eligible 
Contact Personnel O ffice 
77oo Floyd Curl Dr. 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity tm p lo yo r 

6 o 8 SECRETARIAL 

S E C : A c tio n -p a c k e d le g a l fir m . 
No leool esp. nee. O ur tee nego­ tiable 
SI. SS5o+. N o rm a Scott. 
341-2111. 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m plo y 1o2 w R E C T O R S ervice 

SE c o l l CO ! 17oo + our fee tor ty p in g s k ills ! Id eo ! fo r p re s tig e m in d ed ' 
Tops! 
K itty 
K irk , 
341-US I. 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E m plo y 1o2 W. R E C T O R Service 
IF C r e c A t 
G ood skills aet you c o re e r spot w ith n o tio n a l c o .I 
$4o o A n n c28 6 $ 9 * N e w D a y P e r s o n n e l to n s ils , »oi N E Loop 41o 
S E C R E T A R Y 
HOO 
Coll Lynn 828-4494 
N ew D ay P ersonnel Conslts 
_________ 9QI N E LOOP 41o_________ 
S e c r e to r y , d ic ta p h o n e , 5 d a y , 
S4oo 
B a n k e rs E rn e 
Svc , 87oo d o w n h ill, 828-4133. i i t U E T A R Y . D e fin ite future! stability tor c a re e r o rien t 
4 oo + Call K e y D a vis 732-7241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent S ervice, 94 G ill Rd s i c R t. T A P Y ; D esirable position 
In fun co. Witt! congenial staff 
S6oo call K a th y S tarnes 732-2241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploym ent S ervice. 94 G ill Rd. 
S ecre tn ry . lig h t dictatio n, I day, 
SHO b a n k e r s E m p . S v c ., 87oo d o w n h ill, 838-4123 

61o - ONICE 8 CliRICML 

S ec retary N o rth sid e , onsw -fvpe- p e r s o n o l i t y + , c a ll 
A n d r e a 
732-7191, 74o1 W est Ave 
Jobs N orth, Inc, P la c e m t Svc s fe d d E T X W V ! N L firm 
O ffers a c a re e r w ith challenge 
S4So Coll B a rb K e n d rick 732-2241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo ym e n t S ervice, 94 G ill Rd 
S E C R E T A R Y 
P rofessional firm 
D e al w ith lots of clients. N o SH. 
S tart to 18oo Jo G u n te r. 341-2111 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploy 1o2 A R E C T O R S ervice 
S E C W E T A R V 
1 4oo+ 4- 
S h arp you needed im m e d ia te ly ! 
C a ll Sue 878 4494 N ew O ay P e r ­ sonnel Conslts. 9o1 N E Loop 41o s t‘ C A i. T A u V 
' f o A r e s ,d e n t 
17oo ♦ 
A ir p o r t a r e a , a ttr a c tiv e surroundings. 
C all 
L a u ra 
H ill, 
4*1-7111 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploy 1o3 W R E C T O R S ervice 
S t-ekm a levo) s e c re ta ry w ith ex- per tense in tn u l procedures and a b ility to p e rfo rm d u ties w ith a m in im u m of s u p e rv is io n S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith e x p e rie n c e and ability 227 31o4 

6 1 o O H IC f I CLERICAL 

TYPISTS 
DICTAPHONE 
SHORTHAND 
WE NEED YOU! 

("toy working when you won* os much os you wont Horrell fem colory 
Sendee offers many benefits 
— paid notations bonuses etc tot* Helen now o* 
621 2So6 for un appointment 

— MO bf r f VEA — 

-e x /w rp N * to m p um n/ j V w w rK m . im r. 

KELLY GIRL 
W A N TS TH I BIST! 

• S E C R E T A R IE S 

• TYPISTS 

• STENOS 

A PAID VACATIONS 

A REGULAR RAISES 

A NO FU 

A NO CONTRACT 

CAU Off COMI IN 
Kelly G irl* 

A DIVISION ae K IU I M IV IC I1 

4 6 o 6 C e n to rv ie w O r . 
S u it* IS A 
/ 4 o ? 4 5 S 

CHECK 
THESE 
OUT 

✓ 
IUU CH ABG! 
BOOKKEEPER $7oo 
I person office 
Southside 

✓ 
RECEPTIONIST 
SECRETARY $5oo + 

Urgent need for NE of­ fice, must m eet-greet 
VIPs. Fast raises for right person. 

I * 
SECRETARY $55o 

Loan experience helpful 
Universal City area 

✓ 
EXECUTIVE SECTY 

W ork in plush office, 

 m eet public 
S 7 o o to start, fee is negotiable. 

P * 
BOOKKEEPING 
$575 

Do accounts 
PAR, 
2 -3 yrs. exp. 

✓ 
SECRETARY $6oo 

For two in sales dept. 
Top company 
-I- bene­ fit*. 

✓ 
MATURE 
SECRETARY 
$ 6 7 5 , work with Vips 

It * TYPIST START $5oo 

 lf you would like to grow with NE company 

✓ 
CASHIER $3 hr 

Backroom, elegant place, 
5 3 o l l 3 o p m 

N * 
BOOKKEEPER $5oo 

Payroll, quarterly re­ 

 ports, loxes. 

✓ 
TRANSCRIBER 

Accurate typist, good speller Top co. $ 5 4 o 

M * 
SECT 
RECEPT 

Stat typtng & 
IO key 
$ 6 o o 

✓ 
FEE PAID $7oo 

Full charge Bookkeeper 
N e ed some income tax esp. 
NE compony poys fee 

6* 
PART TIME 
SECRETARY 

M ature for I person o f­ 

 fice $3 hour 

CAU Off COMf IHI 
LOCKE 

Employment Service 

 j 
8 7 6 -9 6 7 1 

2446 Ceegtte St. 

ACCOUNTS 
PAYABLE 
CLERK 
High school grad, with good moth background. IO key by touch required. No experience necessary. 
P le a s e C a ll 
M iss M ille r 
735-9392 ext. 31o fqual O p p * tunt*y Employer 

Tho 
National 
Personnel 
S y s te m 
| 8 
■ 
■ 
■ 

D u n h i l l 

IVERSON NEL SERI ICE 
S n i f f I i i ! . ( . P M S m i t h 

H im \ l l h 

S un t i l / n u t 
I > I J I .if**. I T i i 

 in IIH 
:nj ir> 

WANTED BY THE FBI 

The FBI wonts you. lf you ore a high school graduate you may qualify for one of many clerical positions in 
Washington, D. C. Poy is good, no prior experience necessary, ond rapid ad­ vancement is possible. 

The FBI is an Equal Op­ portunity Employer. 

 lf you ore interested, call the local FBI Office of 225- 
6741. 

• LEGAL STENOS- 

TYPISTS 

• MTS! A MAG 

CARD 

OPERATORS 

W e hove temporary 

 assignment available now 

 apply today 
MANPOWER 

MO Broadway 
224-4251 
•OUcl opportunity omployor 

P R O D U C TIO N 

BILLING 

SUPERVISOR 

U rg e Advertising Agency 

W e •• loeSmg *o» on individual wH© car* w©f$ 
<6p9aii§v and -rh© lo*tis pride Hi O jot w*H 
Ilone 
**o4 it tow mvof**n lr taping froth of Hours ond chotg#* tot to* tov* client % fob* as well 9% w<w*mg with everyone rn #*§ Carp* pony 
Fee*coot cr'gjn*tahon end ability t© wroth with numbers ss g must Salary. $ 4 4 o p#/ month 

Contact your naarest 
TEC Office 

DUNMU'S knowledge et today's jefe m arket provide! e professional approach to the obtainm ent of your career goals Our coniidoatigl service w ill offer you op­ portunities to use your valuable skills and background to accomplish these goals. Dunhill is a professional service for companies that believe “ profits begin w ith people." And therefore understand the need to absorb the cest of hiring these key people- All Dunhill posi­ 

 tions ere O d f lO t f i F II RAIO. 

ADMINISTRATIVE ASST. TO SALES 
En* Poid 
$6oo + 

This person must hove o combination of skills rn order to meet compony 

 requirements Welt groomed, detoil minded, flexible, ability to work well 

 with others, both dient A co workers General office background, soles 

 helpful ond o degree a phis Professional attitude 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
Et* Poid 
$7oo-$8oo 

Oil A Gas secretarial experience is a prerequisite to this compony president typing of legol documents, Olds on putt hosing, fmonciol reports, on* statistical reports Reception work involving good phone pcesentotion and coordinating heavy travel for Compony President 
Northside locations, plush and conservative offices, ond a bundle of benefits. 

GENERAL BOOKKEEPER 
Ft* Paid 
$55o-6oo 

This fast growing compony needs experienced person in heavy accounts receivable, genet ol ledger, preparation of input to computer so must be knowledged** of Pookeepmg I (toto Piocessmg 
(hance for od voncement for quick learner, and motivated individual 

ADVERTISING SALES 
Fe* Paid 
$6oo +comm. 

 like to em it your own paycheck? You can if you are on oggiessive pro von sofesperson ond entoy meeting the public transportation necessary 
A great opportunity for the sharp individual who likes a commission check weekly 

BOOKKEEPER/SUPERVISOR 
Em Paid 
$7oo-8oo 

Previous bonking ond computer borkground is a must Will supervise IO people in the lookkeepmq Dept Must have ability ta motivate staff ar­ range work lood and rood computer print outs larkgraund in ac­ counting wdt open the doors to foster advancement rn salary and ap 

 po nullity. 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
• Admin. Assistant $7oo+, Public Relations 
• General Office, $5oo train on payroll, Call Pot Kirk 
• Outside Sales S96oo, busy co. Call Bob Haines 
• Manager Trainee $98oo+, Stable co. Call Bob Haines 
• Dictaphone Typist, $55o, Super boss, call Irish Tenet 
• Assistant Bookkeeps $6oo, Friendly group call Trish Tenet 
• Secretary, $75o fee paid, legal terminology, call Dick 
Powers 
• Payroll Clerk, $6oo, Blue Chip Co. 
SNELLING i SNELLING EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
8 2 o 3 R o u g h R id e r 
6 5 7 -1 1 2 3 

FILE CLERK 

(S ervice D e p t.) 

• 
Jo b w ith V a r ie t y 

4 
M u s t H a v e V a lid D riv e rs L ic e n s e 
• 
' 
' • 
A p p ly fr o m 9 to I 2 d a ily 

See: Tom Hedge in Person 
, 
TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo San Pedro 

IMMEDIATE OPENING 

COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 
(Rating and W riting) 

STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 

• 
2 2 5 -2 9 9 1 

Experience Necessary 
» 

I • 
• i e 
• e t f t # 
6 
• • • • • 

6 1 ? B U G A I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ b l? MEDICA! 

 m m m m m rn rn s m m m m m 

NURSES 

We have offices in over 
215 cities ond hove em­ ployed more than 52,ooo 
Health care workers in the last year. 
We are the nation’s leader because we offer: 
• Competitive wages 
• Interesting assignments 
• Flexible scheduling 
• Supervised working conditions 

Find out for yourself why we’re # I. Inter­ view now and see if you qualify. 
Many interesting assign­ ments are now avail­ able in staffing home care and private duty. 

 for a pe".anal 

 interview 

 call 224-23411 

H O M E M A K E R S 
U P J O H N 

•qual opportunity employer 

SPRING OPPORTUNITIES^ 
NM. 
ADMIN. 
!X 
UC fie benefits 

D. o r N. - 141 Top Job Super 
• (xp Counts. 
Of NT Al ASSISTANTS full ond 
Fort Time S4oo+ WH Tram food aevia suratvtsoe • 
(embed, otto Need Cook w /4 
Months Institutional Setting 
4Uo AUM! om s I W K XOfftKMtt 
4VUU8U w in n u t cuw u ro uD 
San Antonio 
\ealth Service s\ 
Placements, 
Inc. 
MMI too# 4 ifl 
WH. IHI im Anita* fetes 7l7*<i 
(lilt 169-4)1 S 

MEDICAL TECHNOLOGISTS 

A S O P 
R egistered o r e lig ib le . 
A s sig n m e n t fo r b a c ­ 

 te rio lo g y , chem istry, b lo o d b o n k , a n d s e r o lo g y pius 

 im m unology. ALL shifts a v a ila b le ^ 

HISTOLOGIC TECHNOLOGIST 

ASO P R egistered o r e lig ib le . D a y S h ift. 

PULMONARY TECH ll 

P refer 
I y ea r e x p e rie n c e , d a y shift. 
P le a s e c o n ta c t 

E m plo ym ent O ffic e ( 7 1 3 ) 5 2 1 - 4 1 3 1 o r send resum e 

 to: 
St. Luke’s Episcopal 
Texas Children’s and 
Texas Heart Institute 
P.O. Box 2o 26 9 
Houston, Tx. 7 7 o 3 o 
An /quat Opportunity tmployor M /P 

Lutheran General Hospital ^ 

• ATTENTION REGISTERED NURSES 
I 
Immediate Full Time Openings For: 
I 

OPER A TIN G R O O M 8 i3 o * 4 : 3 o a n d 3 -1 1 

RECOVERY R O O M 3 -1 1 i 

INTENSIVE CARE 7 -3 , 3 -1 1 a n d 1 1 - 7 

MEDICAL U N IT 3 -1 1 
A 

PEDIATRICS 11 -7 

• IV N • FULL TIM E O R T 3 -1 1 

• REGISTERED NURSE PART TIM E O P E N IN G S 
A 

EMERGENCY R O O M S 3 -1 1 a n d 11 - 7 

Special Pay for 3-11 and 11-7 Shifts Experience pay, special- a ty pay and revised solory plan plus full benefits. 

Contact Personnel Office 

7o1 S. Zarzamora 
434-5252 A 

•q u a i o p p o rtu n ity o m p lo y o r 

 rn* 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisement* in tli«s4 column* v t excepted on the pi*mise that 
& 

 afft led writ b* kited on the of merit without dtttriming hon berois* of sex unless th* pb is o bong! His enupuhonol qual 
•flint W I 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Interne ti mote Employ men! kiteoahoi ho* o rigid Cede et 
(thus 
Ie 
-tutti ell its private employ men' ogemy members suesiribe iv mlemtotien about private employment ogem'tv et ac lien en complaints leM 724 /8Cl2 at the better business bureau 

BILINGUAL 

ABOW AVERAGF EARNINGS 
G rowing com pany nos opening tar accounts p a ya b le • receivea fete i lurk 
Aiea includes general attice duties 
E x c e lle n t trin e * b in s tils 
S a la ry open 
H o u rs I 
8 SU I Call 732-9eB8 Mon Pre 8-1 
I 
TC n t s—cTfe'rt k ~ W r T T s l ? and a roue in J months bynam u well-known co Call Norm a s ta ll. 
143 2SII 
SNE L U N G 4 S N E L L IN G ti menu, 182 W HECTOR Service 

ACCU S CLERK 
T T M 48, m ature boud esp 
Sue i i i 2/11 t v jj SW M ilitary 
Job E .p e rt* inc Placement Svr 
— 
T fo n r rr irr^ T W -------- 
Lite exp1 Nat l co* Type 9 ie key 
Joyce best 
913-4344 
41J SHV M ilita ry 
Jab* in t Placemen! Ser vice f i r po? I bepresenTative". m ust work weekends, tun spat l l ceti 
•o w e 732 1191, n e t west Ave 
Jobs North, inc, P iactm t Svc 

ASST BKNPR $55o 
Type 48. grow with co 
Sue 9)2 37M 1)3) EW M ilitary 
Job Experts Uh Placement ive 

AUTO TU I! CLERK 
Experienced part time J days a week Lott M rs Faulk 3)7 1428 

VpftRTIHf t 

Quality tem porary boff servile hot opening* for 

 it Typist 

6 Stenographer! 

 it KEY FUNCH 

* TRANSCRIBERS 
Join Us 

We Go Wo* Together 

Coll DENNIS 733-9765 

96 GILL RD. SINT! 25o 

< 
CLERK TYPIST 
L u ic h es e b io l 
Co 
<22* 
E 
_______ ^ 
Houston 

 boss, frie n d ly staff and plush et t'ces 
I sol books! 
K itty 
K irk , 
341 2111 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
I E m plo y ta ) W R E C T O * S ervice 
EgW KTCTU------------ 
Tea N o r'n u d e Iii rn i Soler v open! 
Can b ro d 
Rich A A IM C E m p lo ym e n t tr y 
MOVA Son P ed ro 82e 8441 b o o k k e e p * , lesion office, S day, 
14SO b u n k e r s E m p 
SVC . 8788 
C rownhiU. 828-4123 
I B o o k k e e p e r, s d a y , South Ski', 
B a n k ers E m p Svc . 8788 C ro w n ­ in g 128-4123 
USSR k"r g A I I -g g bi? f i r 6T~ 
F IL E , re feren ces re q u ire d 
4S4 1)2) ip S W IT F rF rrirC T T T F T ire h e lp n e e d e d 
A p p ly in p e r sen k iiig s lu tt M f * Co f i e T h ird St lo t b r outs w a y ) betw een 
Sam 3pm 
I wabA*y* 

 jrpj 
PARALEGAL 

I H 
F*ush office in northside low firm 
J I L a 
W ork hand in bond with lawyers, 
■■■■■ must have basic knowledge of low 
Set up files, must be BILING UAL, SH ot BO wpm 
Should have 6 o hours college with 2 o 3 o hours of legol courses. Some travel in town. $ 5 5 o + annual review. 
CLERK/TYPIST 

Above overage office skills, SH of 8 o wpm, type 6 5 wpm be tamihor with (BM dictaphone, 1o-key by touch; prefer some college but not necessary 
$ 5 6 3 monthly 9* 2 week vocation after one year. 
SALES 

Represent northside M arketing Research Com pany 
N e ed own cor for travel rn ond around San Antonio 
Some college preferred but not necessary. Must be sharp in appcKKonce ond a creative thinker 
S 6 o o 
■F commission. First year potential $ 1 2 ,o o o . 
2 BOOKKEEPERS 

G eneral office work, IO Key by touch a must, type 
5 5 -6 o wpm. bookkeeping experience 
High school graduate, $ 6 o o monthly 
4- excellent benefits, 4 o hour week 
SECRETARY 

Must hove 2 years experience with accounting ex p o in te Type 5 5 -6 o wpm. IO Key by touch, no SH required 
Above overage office skills 
$ 6 4 o , poid over time great benefits 
SEC/REC 

Personnel officer needs secretory with general office 
♦kills, 
5 5 -6 o wpm no shorthand required, high school diploma a must, 2 years experience rn ac ­ counting. bookkeeping grcup. $ 6 4 o , paid over time 
4 great benefits 

CAIL MS. RHEAUME 512— 736-2263 
PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS 

N O T “ JUSr A N O T H E R A G E N C Y " 
6 2 4 3 IH IO , S u it* 4 4 o 

PHARMACISTS 

Staff pharmacists needed tor progressive, expanding lancet research 

 hospital immediate openings for additional information, (ail ac write 

Leslie Clem (71 J) H 2 2?«o 
THE UNIVERSITY OE TEXAS 

SYSTEM CANCER CENTER 

M O. ANDERSON HOSPITAL A TEMIX INSTITUTE 

6723 Im iM f, # 1 1 2 
Houlton, T.ias 77o3o 

W Omro on I aval Opportunity I AHUmallra A i nan (m a la y a . 

PHARMACIST 

Immediate opening for lu s te re d fhormonst 
Prefer exponent hospital pharmacy but wilt consider ether candidates 
Rotate shifts 
So lory commensurate with ti p#nen<* 
(iceMent benefits ond working conditions 
Superior en viionment conducive to professional growth ond development lf I forested, please contort 

PERSONNEL DIPT- 
SPOHN HOSPITAL 
1436 3rd St. 
Corpus Christi. Tx 784o4 

(S U ) 1*4-2o41, Ext. 128 

I quat Opportunity Employer 

6 18 OFFICE I CLERICAL 
SIO OFFICE t CLERICAL 

1§ 
S 
! L r , MCO C astor Recept Silty 
UU t iucvm x.it her 
•« < •# " * « O lticv* Up 7 r»n l 

IP 
M a rio n t i l V U H JJ 
M ilita ry job E x p e rt* Inc F lo c vm e n t Set 
— bauk M u m m -------- 
T a lle r , a ro a r o p e r a to r !, u tility c le rk ! 924 4481 U nited P er sonnet 
Conslts 4*4 C I M M illie r y Dr b a w f * sure?---------- 
Lite typing! Coed a d v a n c e m e n t1 
Cat! B ra d for tost Hire 
Rich * Assoc E m p lo ym e n t Srv 
4848A Sun P edro 12*8441 
•BANK TRAINED 
C le ric a l b a w tie *t M ove we test* 
C lar IU *24 8227 Jab P lacem en ts t m otor m . ut ber. tllA .$ a n P ed re 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minim em I year toper ie net 

Pout Time 
2 Nighti A Week 

A R P I Y IN P E R S O N 

FROST BANK 

PERSONNEL DIPT 

IO O W . H o u s to n Bt. 
I aval o p p o r t u n it y t m p io r o t 

COMPUTER ORR IM O icon 922 271) 1232 5W M ilili 

 argil spot' LH* skills! In te res tin g dee pie Paul fcllei 
19JJ-4J44 
41) IVV M ililani 
Jabs lee Placement b e rrie s 
£ LER ll, Secure spat in bus* bul congenial atmosphere 
11284 call buy D u .is 732 2241 
SN ELLIN G * SNfcl LING 
E mployment Service, 94 Gill Rd cum TYPIST 
, b ilin g u al, Type id w pm M ust have d riv e rs license C ell 474 2228 n r n tb s *----------------- 
I A P S IS ! AHO H I W ! 

CIERX I W S ! 
Northside attice, ne experience n e c e s s a ry , type iO b fP M . C all 
IH F W I tar u p . 
_________ 
C o lle c tio n 
Y e lle r N o rth s id e bank needs new hurry I, call An­ drea 733 2191, 2S8I West Ave 
Jobs North, Inc, Placemt Sec 
I Collector* bv telephone. I dayT wood bonus 1421 bankers Em p. 
Svc 
8788 CtownhUI, 888-4)33 
Computer O ftre ld T , hights, es- 
(ellen ! benefits 14884 Rankers 
Emp b ec , 
LM* 8123 el UU 
Crownlnll 

M o n o n 922 2711 123) SIN M ilita ry 
Job E xperts inc P la c em e n t ber t UST g a g t f -4 B R U I£ I " i m 
T ana good benefits M eet lots el people, lite type Ceti Jo Gunter, i 341 2111 
SN ELLIN G 4 SNELLIN G 
Employ 1o2 Mr RECTO R Service 
O ■ c ia on one tra in e e - m r r r 
I tra in s , good ty p in g s h ills . 
♦ ISS l l / ! colt Andrea. 732-2191, , 
3181 West Ave 
Jobs North In t P toe unit SVC 

" t Z 
5 
R 
^ 
T i t i b i i h n r mmm 

Needs Cor ear Consultants 
o99 181S_________ __ 
£ x p bookSeeperTW estsidd. I f ir l a ttic e , I d a y s , ty p in g s k ills necessary, diversited auties goad attune voice 
F rin g e b en efits, salary aepemJs en a b ility , im- mediate opening 342 *342 
E xperien ceu ^ o k k e v p v r only 
Exponent# in inventorv cantrol. reordering ledger entry, p a n oil 
Solar i open Send resume to P O 
•o x 32193 SpnAntonio 78214 m 
’E R it R g E b F u L L ^ H T iT E 
R O O K K E E P E * . b e a u tifu l l u r roundings, permanent 134 8141 

(MI NUMStt IO CACC 
I! 231 >44o 
I A e m SS A N D H M S 

G E N E L O F F IC E . NS CO 
Offers training, begin career 
1431 cull Barb Kendrick 732-2241 
SN E LL IN G A SNE LLG 
Employment Service. 94 Gill Rd 
— s r e m r r r n n r ----------- 
Stable one to type. set up files pay bills 
HOO Call Gala cCannor 732 2241 
SN E LL IN G * SN ELLIN G 
Employment Service. 94 GM) Rd , 
S T fr'g flA L A T ? I t ! ------------ 
: Handle various duties for esfb cor 
Gets you 1471 Call Ann 828 4494 
New Oay Personnel Conslts, 981 I 
NE Loop 418 
- s e n e A A L b t n c e c l e e k . - 
Chance ta advance with NSrde co 
11oo4 call Julie Mathis 7J2-224I 
SN E LL IN G • SN ELLIN G 
Employment Service, 94 GHI Rd c T P r g i i a r w r 
Needs your typing skills, raises 
SS2o Call Barb Kcnrick 733-2241 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLIN G 
Employment Service, 94 Gill Rd 
GWhn r s r d w a 11 rig h T 's'km s. 
Co will train sharp begmeer 
1421 call Kathy Starnes ?32 2241 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLING 
Em ployment Service, 94 Gill Rd 
• W T T F H I ? : single oWrocllve lo o sin g for m ore than lust a salary assisting in small growma business Travel and tong hours 
827 1148 
~ " g B 1 8 T t o needs s.c!y 1146"’ 
Coil Lynn 828 4494 
New Oay Personnel Consul 
981 N E Loop 41o 
— g R V u 'H p i m w i t b t i i — 
P e r sonataIg-a I tra c t need 
2. 
924 4481 United Personnel Conslts 
444-C S W M ililory Or in s u ra n c e u oeney needs in d iv id u a l brith accounting t i p 
Pretor casualty insurance back­ ground, same secretarial duties 
CoH Beery Agency 349 4494______ kfey Punch bank posltion,'"p'Vi 
: shifts, exp prater red. tap l l , call 
Rosie 713 7191, 21o1 West Avo 
J o b s jo a rw jH ic J F ia ^ 

UMI OFFICE 
Collection cred it cashier clerk 
Must type, billing. I (toys. finance or credit experience preferred . 
Call TIA 1919 tar opp! 
Office Executive bemole College or equivalent English and spun ish schooling good oHice exper­ ience, type 4! N P M . outgoing 
o*.' ionptity bend Resume to P O bo* 9144. ban Antonio /82Q4 

•OFFICE JOBS# 
• need audit clerks, inventery clerks, bx sp trainees, typists! 
Gloria 824-g)27 Jab Placements 
E mployment ber 1314 bon Pedro 

OFFICE MCR 69ooo 
J f4 , type ie heavy tikpg but 922 1711 111) IM M ilitary 
Jab Experts inc Placemen! ber 

 k t u m i O N I l T 
141o-7oo 
Fuendiy. prom inent and proles sionoi super sharp firm Ms Hill, 
341 2111 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 
Employ 1o7 M RECTOR bervica 
A K fT TTgHTCT----------- 
V o n et* tilted iota gets you 14oo 
878 4494 New D ay P e rs o n n e l 
Conslts. 9o1 NE Loop 418 
-R~fc £ rf» T l6 N lS f" "Type letters" 
Handle busy phones. NSide co. 
1171 Call Gala Connor 737 7741 
SN ELLIN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Sarvica. 94 GHI Rd 

R E £ E'FT i5 f f l's T ~T ee"pq~d 
Handle busy Irani attice legal firm 
1421+ colt Juhe Mathis 732-7241 
SN E LL IN G A SN ELLIN G 
Employment Service. 94 GHI Rd 
Receptionist fife type, i l l good phone voice. Northside. call John 
732 2191, 2181 Wast Avo 
Jobs North, Inc, Pipe em! iv e 
D r ip t b r ii m al, exp helpful 
Noside HOO up 
Century Placem ent Service 
111 W Century bldg 349 t i t 3 
S 8TCRL C T y p in g . Bi ct pp hone m eet p eo p le 1 1o 8+ C a ll Doe 
SIS 4494 New D ay P e rs o n n e l 
Conslts 9o1 NE Loop 41o Suite I i i 

Secfetary Bookkeeper 
Lite typing must know hew ie use < 
IO key. some experience in book keeping Office experience ond shorthand required By appoint men! only 494 1237 

CALE REAL ESTATE 

[ADIOLOGIC TECHNOLOGIST 

R e g is te re d A r * E lig ib le 
Full o r b o rt Tim a 

Immediate opening at progressive 5 4 9 bed hospital. Ex­ cellent solory ond benefits 

For c o m p lo t# in fo rm a tio n 

C a ll o r w r it o i 
M B . (D O Y R AM SEY, D ire c to r o f R a d io lo g y 
(8 o 6 ) 7 9 1 -1 O I I , E x t. 3 2 o 2 
METHODIST HOSPITAL 
3 6 1 5 19TH ST. 
Lubbock, Texas 7 9 4 1 o 

Equal O pportunity Employer 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS IN Nursing Service at Kleburg County Hospital, Kingsville, Tx. in the following Areas; 
• OPERATING ROOM SUPERVISOR 
Requires operating room experience, 
CCU 
SUPERVISOR—-Requires experience in a Cor­ onary Medical Intensive Core environment. 

Mail or call inquiries in confidence to: 
A .i. D iv in g , A d m in istrato r 
KLEBURG COUNTY HOSPITAL 
P. o. BOX l l 97 
Kingsville, Taxes 71363 
5 1 2 -5 9 2 -3 3 3 6 

 i i l B 
B 
B 
B 
B 
• 
RN's 
J 

 g 
3-11 Shift g 

• 
Port time 
• 
J and full time J 
• 734-727) • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Lit* le k 
Secretary ^Bookkeeper 
• typing, must know how lo u 
> use some expel tone* in book keeping Office exp erience and shorthand required By appoint meat only 49* S ill 

6ALE REAL ESTATE 
Secretory Yypist Apply 111* West 
Avenue 
JYdlP ‘ t i 6 o Accounts Payable 
Dept has full time position avaitg ' ble. statistical typing required at 
SOwpm and must operate IO key by touch Apply 284 k Bhapsodv f E L r Y 9 F ' r a ffF B A t6 ff , lisper 
• •n e e d . la w ork n ight shifts 4 pm 3 38 am , Northside location, call 824 9481 between 8 am and 4 pm Euual Opportunity Employer 
UTH. (T V £ L g B x s47‘,--------- 
General otc , tile typing. NS, ben 
Hilts CoH nickle. 349 3141 bHarpe Personnel Service. 4323 bove'eign Dr 
Suite leo_________ 
N a n i Focal C o lle g e S tu d e n t 
C leik Typist, bookkeeping esp helpful 
No smoking, good pay 
FISHER S. MIO NE Loop 418 

MEDICAL TYPIST 
Frgftctenry hi medico! lei mmoiogy end hgnvnphon ii quired 
8o hour a m 
Salary open pinon1 
M bingo bonefth h tested 

S o n d ro p ly Pa; 

EXPRESS NEWS 

BOX B U 9 

 im p antonio, Tx H 
W 

I Fi t r m f H T T t m i u B v ■ 
Top skill for well e-.tublish«d 
Co no exp energetic, vivacious m e call Gout Curl nor 712 2241 
SN ELLIN G A SNELLIN G 
En<t)io,nienl Service. >4 GHI Rd 

SH R RECEPT EEE PO 
Typo! Ans phone1 Lite tw o *s' 
I 
SPEARS PERSON NEL SRV 
287 Jackson KtMar 
*28 1292 
• ifc vmi m m 
\ w m 
--------- 
C A U l l ! 1 o o o 

61? MEDICAL 

• A I D E S * 

•RW SLVH S117^311 
Non smoker please apply IO 12 
Hillside Monor Site Goult Lane 
82k o4o4 b f RYAL ASSISTANT--------- 
SHO ♦ DOE and initiative 
DR PERSON NEL 

O a t Hills Mad bldg 498 9918 
Medical Dental Im p bere 

DENTAL H Y G IE N IS T 
* ta i days wk need Monday 
DR P f RbONNEL 
Oak HiHs Mad Bldg *98 * 9 it 
M edical-Dental Emp bern 
FE TTr - ffY 7 P T A U Y T E T T 
For expd individual 
OR PERSONNEL 
Oak Hills Mad Bldg 49o * » '• 
Medical Dental Emp btry 
— f f g r s g f K 'n r r ? ------------ 
Med terms, type, rare OO tv 
OR PERSON NEL 
Oak Hill! Mod bldg 49o 99ig 
Medico! Dental Emp btry 
Dewnlown™C o (ti sires •w a i l al 
Technician. Spanish Language and references reauned Starting salary SOSO month Reply ta Ex press News Box 4499 k '» t '6 'f r u t ---------------- 
M ake app oin tm ents assist Or 
Appl* today 924 44o1 United Par sonnet to n sil! 44+C S * M ilitary 
Di 

EEE PO 
Expel lanced Or s Receptionist 
SPE ARS PE R S O N N EL IR V 
3o? Jackson K tiler 
*3o 1297 

PE AC I rope WANI AD ixv tHi t x x etss x*tyes 
CAU 1 3 ! too# 

REGISTERED NURSES 

Ixparm rK od rn M IC U , O N C O L O G Y , O R TH O P ED IC S , O B and M f DiCAL SURGICAL oraas needed for 3-1 I and I 1 7 shifts 

• 
Excellent working conditions and em ployee benefits 

• 
Excellent starting salary com m ensurate with experience 

 confact Personnel O ffice 
Metropolitan General Hospital 
I 2 3 o B rooklyn A vo. 
Son Antonio, Tx. 7 8 2 1 2 

 eq u al o p p o rtu n ity o m p lo y o r 

REGISTERED NURSES 

EXPERIENCED IN: 
Medical Coronary A Surgical 
Intensive Care 
Operating Room 

Ail Shifts 
NIX MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 
226-7171 
4 1 4 N avarro 
Equal Opportunity tm ployor 

SUPERVISOR 
NUCLEAR MEDICINE TECHNOLOGIST 

Immediate opening of a progressiva 5 4 9 bad Hospital E x­ 

 cellent salary and benefits 

For Complete inform ation 

C o ll o r w r ite : 
MR IDDY RAMSiY, Director of Radiology 
(8o6) 792-1o11, l i t . 32o2 
METHODIST HOSPITAL 
3 6 1 5 19th St. 
Lubbock, Texas 7 9 4 1 o 

^ 
______ fqyot O pportunity Employer 

 r v i i 

 i i I, it 7 
Fu ll tim e ter nursing borne, Retie! all shills 924 1133 
LYN RELIEF t i ond I 1(7*1* 8114 

Pogo 22-D 
61LEDICAI 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

614 - SKILLS ■ TRADES 

Sunday March 6 1977 

614 SKILLS TRAQESi 614 SKILLS TRADES 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 

REGISTERED X-RAY 
TECHNICIANS 
• Hours 7-3 

• Salary Negotiable 

Apply Personnel Office 
Santa Rosa 
5 1 9 W . H ouston St. 

2 2 8 - 2 3 4 3 
Opportunity Emplaynr 

L IV I- # * C O M P A N IO N 
P e n on wel N e e d e d ! 
Tete i tine 
*-■»-—■*■ 
*- - — -— tor 
.aff fI it TI lf? fff ? 
WryfrlQ *PUPS! ?Of 
Panora interested in exdusiv* 
Ive-hi tpirqonloa pefifions. AU positions ntqbiiihtd ond coed*- noted by a lightered nurse with 
• (ompKihenciv* home health care pion. tics (lent wages paid by us weekly. Insurance and bon­ ding included loom and beard with ample off time. 
Medico! experience desirable, but not required. Appointments ar­ ranged fallowing review or resume 
I M or dative* -weewee to: 

N u r s e f i n d e r s 
22A4313 
TJON. Male 

CHIEF RADIOLOGIC Al. 
TECHNOLOGIST (ARRT) 
Lar«e metroote* hospital desires 
Chief Radiological Technologist 
(A R R T ) 
With supervisory experience tor management at hospital radiology deportment. 
Campetetive salary and full range af ben t h tv Sand resume to: Per carneol Dept . Tarrant Caunty Ho­ spital Distr lei. IMO South Main, 
Fart Worth, Tones 7*1o4 o fM TA L U V flim iiT lo work in children's clinic. Farf-tlm o or 
RAI Am i. COH o4-13** tor opal 
'MfeALTH PROFESSIONALS 
•ro o k your roufino, got a new perspective an your own career, pod perhaps tho world. Feace 
Corp* pod VISTA have openings hi health proprams overseas and hi USA tor BSRNs, AA Nursing, physical therapists. X-ray techs. 
(ah end mad.tachs, hospital ad- mtnietrator* Peace Corps VISTA provide volunteer livin g a l­ lowance, transportation, medical. athar benefits Pretor no depen­ dants. 
Cell 
512-1*7 St?*, ext * 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 

R N s- LVNs 
STAFF R E L IE F 
Your Favorite Shift 
Full or Part Time 
NO FEES! 

JOB OPPORTUNITIES 
TEMPORARY 

Fripdrich, o division of Wylon, Int., has several remaining openings for individuals with skills in the following areas: 
Grade 8 
Tool and Die Maker 
$4.94 

Grade 7 
Electrician 
$4.59 
Maintenance Mechanic 
Machinist jig Builder 

Grade 6 
Set-Up Operator 
$4.2o 
Model Maker 

Grade 5 
Air Conditioning Repairman 
$3.8o 
Inspector 
Die Setter 
Case Assembler 

Apply Monday through Friday, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. 

F r i e d r i c h 

A D iv is io n o f W y la in , I n c 

San Antonio, Texas 78219 

An Equal Opportunity Employer (Male/Female) 

B it M U S - T M W 
.(14-SnUS-TMK! 

CARPENTERS 
MUST BE EXPERIENCED 
To do m aintenance w o rk in n ew hom es. 
Call between 8 A.M . and IO A.M . 
349-1 111 extension 3 5 4 

 tit-RIUS-TMW 

“Work With A Growing Compony" 

• Permanent 
• Better Pay 
• Benefits 
EXPERIENCED 
DIESEL 
MECHANIC 

 a p p l y 8 - 1 1 a . m . d a i l y 
McDonough Bros., Inc. 

8 miles past Wonderland on (HIO exit at Beckman 

•q u a l o p p o rtunity e m p lo y e r 

4-CO LO R STRIPPER 

C la rke Printing Co. is seeking an e xpe rien ce d full color stripper. Excellent co m p an y benefits in­ clude: free m edical and life insurance co ve ra g e , som e dental insurance, p ro fit sharing program , p a id holidays and vacations. 

C a ll 9 2 3 -7 5 9 1 ext. 3 8 to schedule an d in­ terview 

5 1 o 1 S . Z a r z a m o r a 

S a n A n t o n i o , T x . 
[F a 
Clarke Pnnrirw©^ 
Packaging Company 

APE 

EXCLUSIVE INSTANT 

PAY PROGRAM 

Medical Personnel Pool 
IAI* N Main 
124-SUS 
Il H i - L birector of Nursing. 4 y r*. experience required, call 
John 712 2t*l. IM I Welt Ave. 
Jobs North, inc, Plocemt Svc 
L IV P M £ ( W A K IN S -------- 
Mature ladles to care tor tho in­ valid or elderly Earn an excel­ lent salary, part or full tim e. 
Room and board paid weakly. No toes RN supervision 
PLEASE CALL 224 2)41 
Work with pride and respect work tor Homemakers Upiohn an equal opportunity employer 
LVB REEDED 
All shifts. J-11, M - V l- l Apply in 
C irson St. Benedict Hospital and ursmg Home South Alamo at johnson, 121 Al71 Baud Oppor­ tunity Employer tV kftn txV 6HC.M-R------ 
Super ben Immea.oie opening 
OR PERSONNEL 
Oak Mills Mod Bldg *8o-884o 
Medicpt-Oentai im p Aery f*Kbl£AL AikiKTAUY 

DIESEL TRUCK 
MECHANIC 

It you bove enintenonri diewl repair experience, you con earn our (xroUent income and our benefit proa am tbgt 
J ., mifwOlk 
^ 
L-UJ- 
■ pm! MNWBjfl t A free im w a daAHty 

* exteilmf group insurance and sick 

 dr and mon 

 for sue!Isnt oppo-tunrtic advance men! 

'N. SMM etc. llh r wk. 
OB. PERSONNEL 
Oak MHN Mod Bldg **o^**1A 
Medical-Dental Erne Serv 
— KIME*! uric--- 
See Sunday's co, many lobs 
DR PERSONNEL 
Oak HMH Mod Bldg 6*o-**1 o vuKiicoi Demo! im p Aery 

 rommel and a steady flow'of challenging work, ceil: 

226-6167 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 
B f 

Potential 
Employment Opportunities 

Serv-Air, Inc is accepting applications for potential employment in supervisory positions in the following specialties Air Force or Air Force service contract ex­ perience is desirable. 

AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE 
Maintenance Control 
Material Control 
Field Maintenance Shops 
JEIM 
Scheduled Maintenance 
Flight Line 
Unscheduled Maintenance 
Quality Control 
Metrology 
Safety 

 s u p p ly 
Item Accounting 
Fuels Management 
Supply Management 
Material Facilities 

BASE SERVICES 
Food Services 
Recreation 
Billeting 
Club Manager 

MEDICAL RECORDS RRA 
Of Art, NMI im o .tr pleat* apply 
IP U at HUHld* Manor tile Ooult 
Lon* 12o4*o* 
5"* f e l l TAA VTA £» f " ieee d o e bump Prat. M r* new 
OR PERSONNEL 
Oak m in i Mod Bide **o-**l# 
Medical Dental Bmp Aery 
■ ^ S e E t n ir T T ir n tT B -------- 
Part or full time, good loiory 
DR PERAONN1L 
Oak HUH Mad BKH «**-**ie 
Modicot-Oentol Im p Aery 
Naed new, x u rM t’t ald< be certified 
Rowe r n 2i*i 

|e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e ..g 
• m h o iMAknxA m r 
• 

: ix r a n f M c iD d ie s e l 
: 

DRIVEN 
: 

• GENERATOR MECHANIC ; 
•BUST K fir m TH! fOUOWING• 
• TYPtS Of WESH GENEKATMS 
I 
I 
MB IS, MB-17, 
I 
: 
HAU-ie, MRU-17, fMU-11 
: 
AMD ISP KW 

• fOP PAY 
HOCPfTAie 

• 
CONTACT L X IPOOIf 
* 
J KTWBMI AM AMD 4t3B PM J 
; 
At T24-4BoI 
A m e 4. jo pm 
•mf AAI. A UN. 
• 
CONTACT *24-e7»t t t e e * * a e * * * # * • * • • * • • * ’ 

_ mutt tap nay, hurry, call 
,____1/25o1 Weft Ave 
Jab* North, Inc, Plocemt Ave 
RERT b k i 6 f t ----------- 
I 
PUU hme pay Mr I* hr wk. 
OR PERSONNEL 
Oak HHIt Mad BUM *8o-991o 
Medical Oentai Em# Aery tRiyiSTCTTC'N'Uft't r hoVi i i 
Monday Prtdav m u tt bove own a woo lim tnt. 

 vol VO J. irontportotien. elttrnotin banda. 
Con 
>4*41*1 n a i iA v r y r o ---------- 
UIS tmmea.oM oponmg 
DR PtRAONNEL 
Oak HUH Mad BM* ** *-**» o 
MMK? at Denial im p Aery 

RESPIRATORY THERAPY 
Ara you certified or reentered, wit ii on oxMntlvt bockgraund in ort oriel bleed eases! We want to taw lo you Competitive tatar* f acetted! bonehtt AU sniff* open, entoct Judy B ro u tto rd , RT, 
PMw Memor-o. HeteiMl. DanMn, 
Tx 117-117 5*41 
Ah for alternating weekend*. |fi- e« rte need AiOot. nu shift* Call 
*9o-o*74 between lorn Iprr 
R tJl l' ffW FuH'tfm*--------- 
N o rm an d y T e rra c o Inc. 
M I Mice Rd. 

AUTOMOTIVE 

ENGINE 

ASSEMBLER 

A Experienced 

C a rd in a l A ul o m a tfv e 

Re b u t W e rt 

225-2629 

BASE OPERATIONS 

Transportation 
Gvil Engineering 
Fire Protection 

Serv-Air is preparing a competitive bid to manage 
Aircraft Maintenance and Base Support Services at Vonce 
Air Force Bose, Oklahoma. To be considered for employ­ ment In supervisory positions, please moil your resume 

 to: 

SERV’ A IIM D C, 

A S ut**l*ry Of I SYSTLMG lf IC 

1 6 9 1 5 El Cam ino R eal 
Houston, Texas 7 7 o 5 8 

Equal O pp ortunity Em plo yer M / F 

LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 

NEEDS A M ECHANIC 
* 
WITH EXPERIENCE 
7k 

SEE: BOB DABMEY 

33o3 BROADWAY 

UNEMPLOYED? WHY? 

PARTIM E, In ii em u "I rf a ll I m 
IMNtWfNM §o1 

 titofowtit ul D ivisio n , a fte r s d o ily w o rk fo r 
' paaplB w tfti tra n s p o rta tio n . lf y o u a re e, bt tcfteel, r e fire d , PARTIME con h e lp y o u r incom e p ro w . 

Need drivers, pointers, w arehoure cmd main­ tenance workers, welters and waitresses, security guards. A U M iffs AVAILABLE 

Only those Interested bi working need epplyl 

E S H E T E 

CaR R e y 2 1 4 -1 7 2 1 
7 29 East Houston Street 

AAAINTENANCE MACHINIST 

• 5 to IO yrs. experiDnce 
• Fast paced independent worker 
• Close tolerance exp. on all standard machine tools, own set-ups, welding precision grinding 

B a s t w a g e $ 8 + p e r h o u r 
Call fo r ap p t. 9 -1 1 am 
Mr. Howard Storwolt 227-2339 

RIUS 
MICU - SICU 
Wa s r* sr av iotas lusslamcntai 
Maffias Mr critical cars unit! la awat af Lon Automa t am ala he 
HH H H ta yau caa work th* govt eau taint at f u r choice ta Ma tat*ttuhaa af your chalca Protas­ 

 ov at NO FER S*"nTtaNT*PAYI 
SAudim D im- n im a Dnn i 
■BBivdl KCl julinci rOQI w tf ST M om n n u i 
RN SUES.T X : supes v is o r 
Opportunity Mr BIN a* Osar Olina 
Room twsarvltar ta IM bad ha toitoi Naw l l raam asarottaa fcUita Maavy trauma Mad WH# roast of Say scheduled surgery 
Salary (o m m m tu rtta with tx sartaaca Raw* w«M t M f* rn ant af x ta r ta ac* ta Nurtlas Sarvtca 
■ „ I arrant Cowatry Hospitoi let, i iou S Mom. Port Worm 

SUPERVISOR 
Heavy 
Equipment 
Maintenance 

 typnnnredhi 

A H yd raulic 

Salary n a g o H a M # 

541-3331 9-5 

Experienced Air Force 
MOTOR POOL Supervisors: 
Motor Pool Maintenance 
Motor Pool Operations 
Records and Analysis 

 laor Stagier, Inc., MSD is presently occapting raw m n and applicahont tor above tupervitory po* it ton» In anticipation of requirements, 

Contact: James Sutton for interview: 
(512) 658-9o15 
LSi 

Interview*: Sat., March I th, IS Beta-* PJL 

Urn , March *th, IO AJB-* PJL 

EXPERIENCED 
OFFSET 
PRESSMAN 
Southwest 
Carton, Inc. 
2 3 2 Peden St. 
2 2 4 -9 5 4 S 

 oZi. 
Ol*!r.< feast 7*1*4 

RN WANTED 
• :>*->. Men T m Call tar asst. 
•toms 
Health 
. 
Hama care 
HAMIT 
______ l# a Aplasia Health Services 
F iat ameen, lac., M N I . Leap 
41* Sort. U IS , 548-4)1). ysaWr r r sBTrgi v m u 
NIC IAN far shvttciaaa araup ta 
Uvalde, Tarsi. Na waakeadL Na nights References and axear- naca rsjebad. Cai rn i m *. Ask far |x t ISI tar intormttten 
* e a - r a i i / t T s i a i r a v r .... ; a aii 

BURGLAR ALARM ibtTALLBR n.asad immadlately Good say aaly theta with burglar alarm axperMnce aaa# assiv 224-12*7 
H I V l f IkfTALHE------ 
VINYL INSTALL C R i Bath M illio n * raawira 4 yxo n axsarlaaca Ta# hourly waaai. axcallant com eon* benefits Cob 
•ad Pete 224-2121, Crown Floor 
I Covering UIS North Olive 
I tin caviller 6orti tio6 «x 
Loa Meal cat t i degenSt aa yaut 
Need I Dave e m s 
I P IM )** 
* 1) tw Muller* 
■lufet >-uth HMC amant sarvtca 

 aam mum 

SIGN ERECTION 
114*1 GOrland hydraulic * months 
> minimum am enance Group la- suranca. SSM vecotisA. *o hour 
! woad P l* N Paa Am Bxpwy bl I l f L antiae and ganarotar 
{aas Lscsl compony, 4* asur wsak, areal beneftH SUK Jerry 
Ward, H I ISSI 
SNCLLING A SNELLING 
SmsM* ISI W RICTOR Service 

LEAR SIEGLER, INC. 
MANAGEMENT 
SERVICES DIVISION 

3 1 o o N . b ito r s ta td 3 5 
O k la h o m a C ity , OK 7 3 1 1 1 

P l l 

1 

 ll 

* C trtttn f D o p o rtm o fit 

DISPATCHER 

For rRody-mtxtd toncret*, | 
Mild ond gravel. Expd- risncdd in xhdduKnq dffvtn ond job dskvsnts, keeping salts records and basic offk* procedures 
Compensation 
$15,ooo. 
Send resume ond rtf- erencss to. 
B. J. GREEN 
Box 22o 

C a rls b a d , M J I I B 2 2 o 

Opnrators fXPERKNCSO O N LY 
CMT CORP 
227 lorn Star IM . 
U 
S 
S liiU 

IS H ,M S S . 
VK *2*1711 111) SM Military 
JOO E xtern inc PMcsm.nl Sot 
' i t l l Ort* .TTT oTrTi» J ll ■"“ 
Need IS Is start tadayt N af'l c o .tutor, lh. Kell* 

% y i k . q ^ M ii^ hdb 
4 P* 
«f 
MOTORGRADER OPERATOR • 

• Must bt a finish blade person on 
CAT # 1 2 

• ALL LOCAL WORK 

• 5o hr. week, 4o hr. guarantee 

GENERAL 

MAINTENANCE M AN 

Mud hp* phht* ar MR md b b d phywd caadMaa. (to Dave 
I ti actuals, K l HOI 

 kosourkkfilm 

 tUBTBBI — SS TURI Bf MUH 

BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

Hove opening for ex­ perienced 
TV bandi technician. 
Salary open to qualified par­ son. 
Excellent com­ pony benab*. 

C o ll 7 3 6 - 4 6 o 3 

Roy *22-27H 1211 SW Milh 
J oil Expert* Inc Pipe omen! S.r 
S U P E R IN T E N D A N T POR 
C O N S T R U C T IO N CO. 
Heavy construction and develop­ ment firm In Port Worth and Dal­ las metroptex Must have m in­ imum of s years experience, sam. cotleee required. Responsible for large construction crew. Involved 
In underground utilities, commer­ cial building*, stretto ond molar earth i thoroughfares, earth moving ond landscaping. Knowledge Of sur­ veying required. Permanent po­ sition, excellent pay, Omer fringe benefits, tend resume to me Ex­ press and News, Box No. 4522, 
San Antonio^ Tx 7 * 2 * 7 ________ 
TRAINEES NEED I 
Will hire today-above overage salary. 924-4481 United Personnel 
Con sits 4S4-C SW Military Or. 
T R IM 
HS 
Helpers 
C A R P E N TE R S and 
MI-7422 or 341-23*1 atter 

62o - HELP MOTO) 

, mmm 

62o HELP WARTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

62o HELP WARTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

TYPESETTER S3 up 
Ray *22-2711 12)1 SW Mtmarv 
JOO Experts Inc Placement Ser 
Wanted: Experienced Line M e chanic, plenty of work, fringe benefits. Insurance. Big Country 
Ford in Boerne, IO minutes from 
San Antonio, contact C harlie 
Dickey. 227-****._______________ 
WANTED: Residential air cond! tioning service m echnontc. 
Steady S2 week year round work. 
Good fringe benefits. Excellent opportunity with good future. 
Servicing I motor brand of equip­ ment for established company. 
Must be qualified to service cen­ tral air conditioning unlH. 
141-71*1.______ 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE M O TO R ROUTES 
FOR THE SAN A N T O N IO NEW S 

CAN EARN 
$ 5 o TO $ 2 5 o PER M O N T H 
WEST SIDE AREA 

S. Laredo • N u evo - V e ra C ru z - Buena V ista * A cm e - S .W . 4 o th - S. San 
Joaquin - D ahlgreen - A ld a m a - Southlaw n - H arrim an. 
Call now - can earn prizes * extra cath - movie passes trips - tickets to local events, etc. For further Information call 
225-7411 Ext. 121 between 8 A.M. A 5:oo P.M. 

A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer_______ __ 
■! 

I t 
, 
, 
M l 

Wanted W AREHO USE 
AND 
COUNTER MAN, must have qood penmanship and experienced In all phases of wrehouse work. 
Permanent lab. fringe benefits, coll >41-71*1 tor appointment 
WAREHOUSE-OR IYER 
Some experience-good stable company. Call Brod 
Rich A A sw Employment Srv 
**4oA SOW Pedro 826-o*41 

Must be neat and clean in ap pearance local references. Apply in Person: 
O K rent Floor Covering 
JOO San Pedro 
WAREHOUSE PEOPLE 
SUO wk. Start good future. Great cot Coll 14.-1541. 
Sharpe Personnel Service, *312 
Sovereign Dr., Suite 14o 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

5 PM to 9 PM 

C o llege, 
H igh 
Scho ol, 
M ilita ry o r 
Retired 
Persons can earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. M a k in g 

 calls from our office. 

N o Experience N e e d e d 
Free Parking 

Call M r. Green 
3 3 5 -2 8 1 o 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

WAREHOUSE PEOPLE 
SHO wk. Start good future. Graal cot Call 14*1541 
Sharpe Personnel service, *322 
Sovereign Dr., Suite 1*o.________ 

~ WAREHOUSE 
Vie *22-2711 1233 SW Military 
Job ExperH Inc Placement Ser 
We are accepting applications Mr employment tor experienced OS 
A D Clerk Applicants should have at least I year exp with motor c a rrie r. I year in OS A D 
Producer. Applicant must furnish a resume of exp and salary ex­ pected. Address your reply to 
Alamo Express, Inc. P O Box 
18747, Son Antonio. 78118. 
Welder mech lo install truck mounted equip Must have own tools Also need Hydraulic Field 
Service man, will be req to travel ond will work on Hydraulic truck oaulp. Apply 142 Gambler Rood or 

W H EE L 
A L IG N IN G 
AND 
BRAKE 
W O RK, 
E X P E R ­ 
IENCED. Boar Wheel Aliening 
1422 N. Colorado 
WILSON INTERNATIONAL 
84 NE LOOP 41o SUITE HOE 
J12-14* 1411 
$125 wk Mechanics MOO wk 
Need IO In all fields, beginners or pros. Ike Kelly 

62o 
• rn 
MisceHnews 
Wanted 62o HELP WARTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
T 

* ‘5 MILITARY ‘5 
PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANTS 
$ 5 PER HOUR PART-TIME 
OPENING FOR E-4 THRU MAJORS 

A 
APPLY IN P f It S O N O N L Y 
o 
★ Monday 8 Tuesday - 4 PJI. • 7 P.M. 

o 
Ik 41o Place • Between Babcock I a 
Callaghan • North Side Of loop 
J 
4 1 o -Soh# # 1 6 o . 

PACKING 
SPECIALISTS 

Ar Excoitoflt soiory and working conditions 

A- Port tim# 

Ar We'll train 

Ar Idool for military wives ond collage students 

♦ Telephone and transportation necessary 

Equal Ogpoffiakty Etflsjfsr 

Apply between 1-3 pm 

Mildred Rouschuber 
CENTRAL MOVING 
& STORAGE 

 ll5 o o N loop Rd. 

616 Fooo4UIRK SERVICES 

NOW ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS 
FOR CAR HOP 

Apply in Person ot 
Frontier Drive-In 
1462 Austin Hwy. 

 lo tw een 2*5 p jn . 

CASHIERS - CLERKS 

Port Time $2.3o an hour (Evening shift) 

Full Time $2.5o an hour (Night shift) 

Work close to home in one of our 66 locations. ^ 
Stop ’N Go M a rk e ts £ 
2o4 E. Rhapsody Dr. 
4( 

N o e x p e r i e n c e n e c e s s a r y 

Short Order 
Cook 
ExpariancaA 

 good Poy 

Soiory 

Frtnga Benefit* 

Apply In Parson 

321o Broodway 

Naples Restaurant 

BEING TAKEN FOR: a WAITIts a Muff BASTtNOCt a KXI nSU CASHIN a HOST Ot HOittSS 

 ha.ft Heat work ratonxwxax. 

' t m n n phE onT i ajr-*p*» 
LITTLE RHEIN 
ST1AKHOUSE 
2 31 S. A LA M O 

SIB FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
.. 1 1 
_ . 
. - 1 JJB 
Our newly remodeled Proud Bull 
Restaurant now hiring: 
EXPERIENCED ONLY 
COOK) 
WAITRESSES 
BUS BOYS 
DISHWASHERS i interview 9am 4 Jopm Men-Fri 
TRAVEL LODGE 
IM VILLITA 
I 
Also naed metal MAIDS 

RELIEF CASHIER 
Tot voter*, free parking. 24 hour family restaurant! BARC ABEL'* 
42*o Broadway 
TEAROOM MANAGER 
Need experienced manoeer tor g ro w ln t tearoom buslnos*. 
; 125-18*1 between * a.rn.-2 p m , 
Monday Friday. 
WAITERS - WAITRESSES apply I 5pm Mon Brl l l I' a S. 
Broadway CAPB MICHELINO 
WAITRESS CASHIER 
Must be ext to wait on counter and tr ill. H r* 5-12 E v e n in t*. 
Pleasant work. *2.1* tor hr, ref roe Apply at one#. Bowiorama 
ISSSb *?\1 »*«"*? RO_________ 
WAI T R IS S NE I OB O AT NUT 
CB ACKER CLUB 7)21 Son Pedro aptly l l Mon Pn______________ 

WAITRESS 
Tot solery, eeod Ut*, tree ta r* mg. I* hour tomliy rostraunl. 
MARL ABEL'S 4)oo Broodwoy 
W AITRESS w o tte d , o tp ty 
Sommy't Macon Met'auraM. HIO 
Austin Hwy 
Waitress 
Whitt Room Lounge, hletiH, i t t i hr tty* tips M I *2*8 

WANTED NO W 

8ARTINDRISSES 

WAITRESSES lop Salary 
Guaranteed raises 
Paid Voc4rtion 
Tiffany 
338 Valley Hi Dr. 
Coll Vkky, 673-5117 

Young Minded 
W AIYERS • W AITRESSES 
Apply In Person 
V alerio’s Restaurant 

______ 

SECURITY 
GUARD 
$675 

Great tor second coroar 
Prefer 
3 5 -f. 
Retired service personnel or security bockground seek­ ing second cor aor. Must bo personable, congenial, people oriented 
All benefits including a se­ cond retirement 
Bon­ dable Shift work 

C all a . J. W ilto n 
UKK! 

 lm |>toy m e n * Baru lea 
8 2 6 - 9 6 7 1 

 far Hie Mkvary and msttootien af major appiioncev Experience prefaced kit a t o confider a > trainee. Wa offar a pennon tnt povixir howty wages, —ilk tune ond one for overturn, 
. 
My, J XSOntosOfowM kojlltlh yvW warming lOwiwin, nwirn 

 other benefit* Apply in pervon; 

ID 
1o27 N.i LOOF 41o 

 l o Q 
O 
O 
Q 
O 
Q 
Q 
Q 

EXTERMINATOR 

TRAINEE 
No experience needed to teem a hod* ond help people (nm better. 
Applicants must ba ever 22, mar nod, high school gioduei* ond wont o pormonent position Earn while you loom N bo a post con hoi tech mc ion 
ARC Past Control 
1 o o 1 2 IH 3 S N 
6 5 6 - 5 o 3 o 

6 U - m i n i m 
JANITOR tar oHicO Wdu Cater lone# required Pan tim* ponitor* 

 i . F A R IA U t n i ) ________ 

TEUPHONE SALES from our northsid* attic*, ta rt time only Goad tov 5-tam Coll 
734-8)41 
________ foxes Army National Award T ip not Compony naods l l gaaO man ar woman ta fill our unit. Exeat lent par* tim* pay and benefit* 
V ” h o 

£ 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

CONVENIENCE $ 
STORE 
% 

MANAGER 

BEVERAGE 
COCKTAIL fiTfl 
WAITRESSES 
I * * * 
Wanted tor now ieunee. ot iho 
Rontodo inn, IM J N ho nom Ex prosswoy, appl* rn person before t a p, agt1?___________ 

 r 
BUS KOY NOON SHIFT 
- 
J 
'n w r t n , 1- , . , 
| 
. -8 , w _ 
Bus Boy or Bus Girl wonted IU I 

» 
L r s a a f c a 
« i r * . 2 s 
. 
» 
1o 
— 

 s k 
„ * « 
< 
« 
« 
. . , mechanics desired Would like! M* k P , odvoncomonl possible. 
HELP sam aansTw ith'pr a v tau V a s pa r • I H T 
Wm* M rm a n * P 
J lance with canto, sheep and .eat* 
***; ,***!* toifasilaa, easy smile, j pony 
Vary mea home provided wooes i a*u>tawmaat, apply in | I naaotiobto Loiv people need not1 o vo 
14 • w Mondo y Soto rap y. apply 
Sand te rs o n tl data r * Istond Shrimp House. M f w. quaiificthons and oxtortonco I t j * ? ** o<f«*» from North Star 
W T Mayfield Juno Star Route,! SSSHL— _________________ _ 
Comstock. TOKOS 
7|*17 ar Caul C A S H E R S ANO C O U NTER 

 aw 
MAINTENANCE MAN to nuinto.n lb* unit a tt troioct. snould know dll th ts ts except 
MV AC. Gtod soiory *111) 7* 

APPLIANCE 
EARNINGS TO U M 
Du* to expansion we hoe* open int* tor skilled and un ex • I ted too­ tle in n it aatiione* field Cam 
WNI train 
No aspartate* 

 m u z 

Meader Construction Co* 

Weekdays, I to 5, 684-7211 

 b x i O f i N i i 
»l 
% k t o . . 4 N iwnw»w»w«wwtoHBbwiianv-iw»Mwniiw»w»inJ8w»iw«-—-i--»-'-'» i~. wapgHMiMaainxneiweniaitiitodtitoBatia na 

 l lI f, 

HAIR S T V L llk must bt oxter- maced I stobNshad seton In north cannot S A A rf Beauty Solon SMI t i f f ’ *?______ im m ediate apaninas o x te r 
•anted lawnmower mechanic and shop supervisor salary commit bone ti H 
SUI 
Broadway 

I i i g i t** j 
Need torso 
W O R K U !* evenings and wa person oxptrtoncad in dip 
JuNbm t sal and ta t anama assembly and 
••* * »»Q •*•> * repair and WI aroma shop work 
Mccuttouth 
**** - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
COCKTAIL WAITRESS 
Needed Thyrs 
F ri and Sol 

 lien, be la i t ? ) 

Weal Ava 
Jabs North, IM . Plocemt SVC 

JOO 

111- s o i l TRAK! iflBHBBncm I*,™ i u t,, 

 m M n 
CotWMfl 
8 
Wpin 
KY FT ffT ITW g 16------- RXTT 
ORBSIBR wanSed Good no cb fist candfitons 
Con 
**4 1)24 ar 
**4-1221 

E X P R R IB N C B O 
E O U lP M iN T MEO 
.. 
I n o in e R S p a i r m a n 

HS AV V 
WAUKESHA 
( B tl 
Jackie Brown at 824-72S4 tor eg 
Opportunity 

 far 
Bream s, must hay* traasaertotiea. and ba able to tor ladies otto relocate 
E x t with horses benefits, saior 

EXPERIENCED FITTER 

 required 
W arner 
Rencb. 
H i I TS-fast I to I onto. 
Xufainobife air c(>,.u.Honer sor- yirem an w anted, exb arianead 
Cots 7164116 to r rf toto I ruTg">ATTrg8oNTTg w n r needs 5 year* ar rn ara experience to accessory, wheals, fires, auto ta rts and high p erform ance aq moment 714-8141 
T u Td PATTI TRU hT g n c t a n~ 
Sb ow lo h o *, previous re lox part* sales e x ts ria n c o s a la ry cans m ensvrgle wHh a x tarian ce and dBaMy 114-9887 
— 
T u n r u p » 6o f t i i — led tort ranters 71) a m n m tm ------------- tx eels* a no NiwS 

Must have attar sane. wa a finer 

 benefits person M anti 
North star Mob 

 rat shot C x Ceilan I 
•ry open Apply 
St 

;l5 W 5 if H C f P 
6IA U TV 
OPEfiATORS AND WORKING m a n a o b RS warned Reply to 
Express New* Ben 4S1I SA 78)97 
I rxT frl.ncar T VFrtsl^.nllal helpers need 
R *r> *" 

 tor sen M a tte r S m art S hat, 

Bexar Electric 
I An equal odportwo rim 

I xperiancad coi tam ers Must nova truck ond fie dependable or oleos* d a f t call. N ortheast 
BuMderi M9 4191 
■ r 
Mrlanced late, Ileal an4 
M u ll he** 
_ 
. . l l painter 
A ll truck. cab 
I. and be dapendaui* br i 
Nuriheosi Builder*. 149 < fxitgritnred »fis.« brass oaoTo 
B t o B lH * todli Avenue 

 salary, call 

 t#ri*iii 
Ap p l , 
•a ria Mac men qualify tor top 
Joe r n 7WI MBI West Avo 
Jab* North inc. Pine em I Sec 
£ xaeriencek Truck VIra Service 
Man. ratoraacas Clark Tire Ca 
» » I J L 5 « | J 3 S : 4M * 

 i Wast Ava. emptovar m x J I V f V # 6 l . 
1 CHUE SSS 71)1 
Vxlarlancad AHarotien Lady 
Eeborwncad Caunter Nato 
Pun lima aosihons Appl* Merton 
Cleaners 91) 481) n rFI I I I N f f B - I qulpAianl 
Operator tor 977 Cat Lauder W# a rt an Squat Opportunity «m atoyar. panne TU Dotartm ani rales Coli »)-9ie9 

Eu. TraHtr Mechanic 
F riap* I 
U S T ’ 

U T . SHEU VINYL 

MIO D U M S T M IE U 
Must bove awn leal* and transportation 
CENTRAL PLOOR COVBBING 
9818 BdM ST. 
___________ ttfcttlJ___________ 
P in ! class a tt* ties* installer needed references and aspar- lonco necessary ss 88 ta r hour start, apply 17*8 Travis. Mauston, m o t n it________ 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, ladies eoaaret Ex­ cellent benefits Aptly to pet sen 
Mentor Smart SMB. Ntrto Star a w ________ — . ....... 
P u rn itu ra re p a ir d e i to u ch u p p a rs o n t a r t r a t e B aterienco trete rre d Ne Smoking Geed 
Pay. FISHER S 
1458 NK Lead 
416 

■need a service man wha 
In Persian.* and con calieraie nerm oslats en com m ercial ranees and aqutp Able bodied ond <<m> )t»e or rn linum a restaur-1 ant equip Th!* I* a permanent ion with te e d pay and benefit* 
(local) Write le«er divine past tm Piermont end rater onces PO 
§?■ .VI* 

OffSET PRESSMEN 
Openmes to* uuolltied Pressmen tar fellowing equipm ent 
I 1ox15 chief. 11x17 Multi else 
19x15 ATP. end IT Cemmander.l _ J H J 
Poroeon Press Inc ll ) W Stmtr- needed, 
•TiBSaa 

Niphls BITS A PIECES CLUB. s ift Id a Padre )4 i-ti* 8 attar l l ' 

V tuoro motor*, retired with military or law 
*nfartemon! experienc* 
927-e:toi_____________ 
"a r y . m a n a g e r 
MAINTENANCE COUPLE 
Couple ta manate and mqmtoin 
1*8 unit opt p rttc it. northwest 
Son Antonie 
Satary plus eat 
*8)1179_______ 
A fir ach vt .seer is needed 
Se*-11 ll, 344-11)5 

T R A IN E E 

Fwd iteming until guarani** el 

 fo il per month, ofter briefp er merlin, oriel wter u 

 homing period U TOH M oHon se 

 goup inswoM*. pod notation*. ^ 

 lst*ll«ni opportunity fat fest ^ 

 ud«om*ment tar hofd nerkmg ^ 
I 

S X I 
O E N S UPT 
'n I T o t soiory fa r re lia b le hard worker Call Mu.-y 818-8494 New 

 tuU tim* tim * spies clerks tor 

PAINTER HELPER y ork a 
Atom. 

I xperiancad (ackton waitress adod, apply 
Man Prs. Vt Rope Inn, Ne * Wind 
>o.1*21______________________ 

 in person, ti- * 

* 
* 
I t 

* 
» 
* 
X 
X 

Beeline 
226-23o3 1 

 f 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* r 
# 
* 

Sn (quai Opportunity ttnptoyef 4 
I 

A L B O A C C E P T IN G 

A P P L IC A T IO N S 

FO R P A R T -T IM E 

EMPLOYEES 

 noose apply in person 

W e d . A P H ., b e t w e e n 

1 - 5 P M 

6414 WURZBACH 

Day Personnel C onslt* tg t NE 
Lgeg s n »yrt* »tg___________ 

GODO OPPORTBMITT 
Retail Uawor and part tin nerthsldo s ta rts A g t e v e r is 
• r otoired . Retail exparmance et same kind preferred, net nates eerily liquor. P e ly « ra » fi exam required All compony benefits 
Apply rn person D e n '* 8 Ben s otnce. West Ave at Ladd 418. ask tgr Woyne Wyatt________________ 

Hm HIc i n s I O dy y Employment ( I dr 
Stoutly R U I 
Start 511-8881 
In hou r 

B a fer perm . Ga to wark new! 
CAB CRAFT, SOI N 

PRUSSMAN 

A IN T K N A N C S C A R P E N TI: N irm an en t position tor shilled 

. v fBed pay. steady eyment Lufkin T railers, 
RBdsauod Add, 

GEN MGK S IS IX i 

, 
N E R D P A I N T E R S : c*" m in * tm a* uw 

M t i i l i i sip I pm I Ii ab 11 ••* 
Ray *22-2711 I D I 8W M edary 

NAIR p B E S S F B I 
_ i i n a r n n y 

JOW TRE BIGGEST 

Jot) Bb m H hrRy ii Town 

TYPIST 
SECR ETA RY 
SALESMEN 
O EFSRT P R IN TE R S 
Knewleda# OI Spamsn Apply in g»ryen 
M A IN I n i l ie experienced in coamet mekme end finish wark 
P loose cell *74-1*1* Seutfiwesi 
Foundation tar R e search and 
A ducat ion 
Bouet opportunity 

M A n T o T I O F F S E T p f e t s s 
OPERATOR tor print shpp Bx cefient incpntive pay program , vacation, h e s g tte llia tle n , paid h e iid a v t, d is a b ility c o v e re d * 
M gm t a b ility end sm ell offset ress asb req d Jiffy Pres* l l * 
P h is * t i 
, i n vice Stofien Mechanic heeded 
A pply in pers p p , l l ) 7 N pcpg- 

P erm an ent, exp erien c ed only, n ic k ) * t p ia te m a k e r, B a u m 
•elder. Stood* w ork, geed hon n *4 U efits Southern Musk. t m5pm Mr Bdhress 
1-81*7, t i 

P R ES S O P E R A T O R w a rn , toed opportunity tor ewatffied AB 
Dick 1*8 operator, call I t * I D I between y end j pm weekday*. 
R E P P (G B R A T lO N AIR C endi- tio n in g 
R e p a ir 
• 
S e rv ic e 
Sam * topm tea ppsitipn. Keel w hit 
A ir 
C e n d itie n in g 
C g g e & J B ia L 

 a. el;iii Hit CHEF 
W AITERS ANO 
COCKTAIL W AITRESSES tor hew French style rm taurani 
Com 82*5*4) I to m -4: N 

Pull time xvattr esses rt*r*).-d Air 
F a rc e 
V illa g e 
F e u n d a tle n , 
*7 )1 7 *1 . eat I ) Call M onday 
I Il'iS i l*9S !JB 9______________ 

LOOK L IK B A F IL L Y - WORK 
L IK E A H O R S E 
S o uth sid e * nicest dub heeds wad r vs eat and buitondrm , 91)9/76 

C a s h ie r, I d a y . N o rth 5 **8 . 
Bonkers Im p Iv e ., 1788 Crown h"‘ - T M D I__________________ 

CHAUFFEURS 

WANTEO! 
Keiiobix Geed Oppeiiunifiee 
Pica sent Working Conditions 
YELLOW CAB m i " o g p s » fi 

I H I 

Rooters, esp only, weed end cento reels, new c e n tttru c lie n . C o li e a r 
MIF4**_________________ 

M r 
D u nderaak's in M e tr o !* * * 
Shepptm caunter shift 

Cit y d s l i v c r y sex 
Knew city, geed aricine record- 
Con M ary 111*4*4 Hew De* Per 
Cungfc. VSI N j U U 611 

„ CONVENIENCE STORE 

NIGHT HOSTESS 
Must U* exeeriencee with refer 
•nee* Tea wa 
P R M ! X - , 
» . __ a s AAA 
" • *«aeriencea wire rater 
^ o o I n t l m m SI OOO i y e H S L W A IB S 

! I « 
M 
* 
• « F P r 
M E S T A R R A N T 
S ta n c e a i 
L o ito 

Smfih F inish*!'* ai 
UL i asper r n 

 ly John Hampton t lM J U s i) ivy M ifitery 
UBS beath Piacemeat Syrvue 

ROUTE SALES 
SOFT DR IN K F IR M 
SALARY eCOM M lSSlO N 
D istrib u ter* welcome, sm ell in veetmeat required Apair to per sea only Sp P a t* or Arthur otter 
I Wpm et o188 Directer Or Texes 
.Hm m 

KEH 

NIGHTIME COOKS 
Kxparienced dinner ceeks Top 
• O H I. toed hours end working cond thee*. P erm un .nl teds Cod tact Maurice Ferret! 

MY PLACE RESTAURANT 
1 4 4 *7 1 * 

M r Qwik, nicest stere in town. op* nm a* tor ): IA I lpm shift* dee 
Iv ar weekend* only Any type et stere e x p e rie n c e a c c e p ta b le 
P aiver apii exam re p a ir** Apply 
Dan’s A Ben t Office. West Ave at 
L S O .!* ! J - V. J L S IX o 1 * 1 _ 
OEUVERY DRIVERS 
■ 
I lo wark 

Placements iL M f t S i S 

Ne comm lie I Need 

JeAnn 81*^127 Jo! h r H i 

 k Ste 3 6 ate i N # alec 

R a p e r la nce d M asseuse to w a rk h i t>*uuty so In n 11 4 - o 4 1 1 _____________ 
Experienced bra changer, excel iS E U fir » 
" 
< 
L 
.'.is . t m 
Raper mn- od nursery man, aacei- lenl benefits, opp to in person el 
Ppd mo rf, Leap 4)1 and Vance 

4 llH n L in H i-w M M x n a w iio x « M w m » exp erienced p a t attendant, ex cefieni benefits, apply to persen al 
Pedmart 
Lapp 411 and Vance 
JO, X * ut* 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
Cosmetics e a r l tim e ava ilab ly 
Mature woman eat* Caw I* * 1891 
Film N Phelps ii accepting ap 
* phcattent tor Sen Padre valley Mi end SW MPitary Or Hipn School eredwates, rotating Huff*, * o n . i pm and I Pm ? pm CBU M M I * 

FINANCE COMPANY a ifwe^^BqWb RwEwBwSp 9 a—xx a i Field Uepresentatives Credit end opera.sets, geed salary dear et lewpnce Car necessary R etire m ilitary accepted Call M r Witftt mrni_______________________________ 

 l l 7S-S1 l l hr Crooiity Centre! in­ spector. cen c re le bx e ra 
Coil 
John 7)11191. IM I West Ave jfjr fili Inc. Pioc9mt Svr 
ICE HOUSE A T T E N D A N T part limp tom lpm 
*78o San Pedro 
824-8844__________ ____ 

IM M U iM ! OPINING: 
I* TR A IN EE S 
New OBenings for Sen Antonie re t reats to «rerk with ear hydra fitter Must be IS yr* or ever with minimum I yr r e v o l t * Full or b art lim e ava ilab le 
No easer- lance necessary 
SALL M tM M 
Interested in cuslem iiing yens. cem panv tra in s $81 w eek. call 
Cindy 7)111*1, UPI West Ave 

Quality new. earn end Ina rn 
? » 88l? ar S51-B891 

ENERGETIC? 
Lave the *u toper sr Wont rattrap ranch exeeriencee couple with n fit ma I n r ti sri fiji Bm r Ok was tm* cs Pe#** i I 
Q/wwoWW av9%qrwaaW aw %-oK¥w WWW MwW WeVI 
. com* ranch Perm pnem M I 7)87.. 

H IU OR FART TIME 

*75-158 PER W ERK 

C U L 141 m s 

JUN IBE BtGSIST 
Job Opgortuefty in Town 

TYPIST 
SE C R ETA RY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET P R IN TE R S 
Knewiedp* el spanish. Apply in 
MTttB '111 WTtn v e ______ 

KENNEL WARDEN 
Wha lave* Am m an 
Room. B e a rd and S a la ry . Ne 
Dnnfctne. goad tor retired perse't t i l 7451 (8a rn to Haena) *55 U lt l l ? 
» ? ">i_________________ 
) LADIES N E E D E D , I hours dei 
Iv. Sou* week. STS Stem ** H em * 
^ a a g tja i..' m - H t f______ 

IHI ACTION NU M blt 
IO * IASI Si SUI 15 
*1 AC I ro u e WANI AO i n IMI I * eel vs m w * 
CAU 72V Ieee 

■: 
• J: ' 
- n e w s b o w s a d s 

^ 
^ 
■ 
S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S 
. 
. 

2 LINES $ 
IO DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL! 

C A N C E L L A B L E 

W IT H O U T 

R A T E C H A N G E 

 j m 
J m 
S 
3 
D m r n 
W 
I 
P 

Q U I C K R E S U L T S ! 

UWM 

(2 o 
• 

M is ttliiie w s 

Wanted 

LADIES MEED EXTRA CASH? 
All you need is 4 hours, 4 days or 4 eves per week showing Beeline 
Exclusive Line of fashion*. Make profit on every show plus S3o6 sample wardrobe at no cost. Car necessary, ll-* . Coll 224-23o] for 
U Bpt______________ 
Ladies, sales experienced. NS location. 
Morgan 
Cleaners 
V23-4oH______________ 
Maintenance man with large apartment complex. Plumbing, electrical and heating experience essential. Local references repaired 
Apt turn. Apply 
IU 
Vonderheck___________________ 
Make E xtra Money throwing evening news routes. Mike Hall, 
534-213o fred, god Cal. orca 
MANAGER 
KANOY MAN for small apt complex to perform all duties of opt mgmt. general housekeeping maintenance and ground landscape care Nice apt and modest supplemental pay 
Ideal for semi retired Near Et 
Sam 225-4127___________ _ 
MAN between 35-45 for perman ent yard and general duty work with large apt com plex 
No drifters or drinkers. Apply 116 
V A N D E R H E C K __________ 

MOTEL CLERX 
Elderly, retired, sober person need opply 
6543 Highway to 
West. 
______________ 
NEEDED AT ONCE 
• Port time leasing agent, approx t 2o hrs weekly, including some 
• weekends. Must hove references 
• and tran sp ortation 349 2222 
Pointers Mill Apts._____________ 

•NEED NOW# 
Assembly trainees and packers! 
Some shift work! 
Permanent lobs! 
Glorto o24-o222 Job Placements 
Employment Ser 5316 Son Pedro 

622 MHtSTIC 

624 summons wonted 
Core’^or^ldenT^a^vTTrsT'TTT! 
Leo s Church. 922-9627 Ana. Anglo 
Childcare while parents on vaca- tion or work, elderly convalescent care, references, transportation. 
342-7o42. 
COLORED Woman wants light housework, cooking or Ironing for elderly person. 735-o2o4_________ 
Experienced Nurse's Anta wants days work or halo half day Call 
223-5254. 
EXPERIENCED Young Lady de- sires permanent work as recap tlonist. P refers D r.'s office. 
Northside Con type. 732 1688 ix P Woman will care for sick or elderly No live in. Ref. 532-4o79. 
6 6 o o BAbY^ITTER needs full time lob 826-8478________ 
Incant Core in my home 

Need 6 PBX Operators. 592 wk, nice phone voice, all shirts, coll 
Cindy 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs North, inc. Placemt Svc 
Need people in my office full tie day openings and p art tim e nights. Phone personality a must 
Apply at 2oo3 Son Pedro, Room 8 

NIGHT SECURITY 
11pm 7om, 6 days a week. Exper­ ience reauired Apply in person to 
Robert M aurins, Exec. Asst. 
Mgr , MENGER HOTEL_______ 

P A R T T IM E 
Due to expansion we have open mgs that must be filled immedia­ tely. No experience necessary. 
342-5221 

3 PEOPLE needed to assist me in business. 
SITS weekly if qualified to stall. 
No experience necessary. 
653 7451 
Person to work on Golf Course, must be experienced 696-9o25 
PERSON WHO W O ULiTTTKE 
GOOD SPARE TIM E INCOME 
N E E D E D TO TEST M O N E Y 
MAKING PLAN. Send short letter or resume to: Express News Box 
No 4524, 78297 
Pest £onfrol ^trm needs helpers, must have transportation to and from work, references required and must be bondable minimum wage Cot! 342 248?_________ 
Plumbing material price clerk. 
Part time, must have recent ex­ perience. 126 2331 or 126-oo47 
P R O D U itl6 N PACKERS----- 
Need JI Good co. Call Brad for lost hire 
Rich ft Assoc. Employment Srv 
684oA San Pedro 826-o661 
" T E g U I't T V W l t e f t s ------- 
In tellig en t, responsible in divtduois required for uniformed security Men or women Com mission-experienced preferred. 
APARTMENT JOBS of S A 
128 9196 
Employment consultants 

SECURITY OFFICERS 
IO port time officers for weekend assignments only Apply in peri son 1oam-4pm M E, 419 S. Mom 
Suite 336 
Shaktee distributors, full or part tim e, vitam ins and food sup pigments, the healthy way of lite 
349 8211,341 8796 
I 
Sh ok lee Natural Vitamins, spore time sales business. 684-456o 
SMiPPINfi AND RLCt IV.NG 
No exparienco-witl train 
924-4481 United Personnel tonsils 
666-C S W Military Dr. 
M I 
Students end teenopers wanted To] sell flowers on street corners after school and weekends. Ex­ cellent earnings and bonuses, no experience necessory-will train 
661 3o59 texaco Truck Stop cashier, 4o hour. relief shirt, I days, 2 even­ ing permanent lob 5 day week torol references stor! S414 per mo. All Appl.f Cions to A. J Ploch 
OH Co., Inc. 5747 Dietrich Rd 
4 5pm dally for interview No phone calls please. 

WORKING COURIE 

FOR EXECUTIVE 

CONFERENCE CENTER 
Executive conference center located neat KetrvHle. Texas re­ quires wonton to prepare at­ tractive nod balanced meals tor guest! and mon to atte for and mamtcin grounds. Located on 12 acres with pool, tennis, stables, etc. Three guest houses, plus large moin house. Excellent salary and benefits, plus housing. Moose contort PHYLLIS 
MOWER, (512) 828 8484, Ext 
.667 

AUTOMOTIVE 

7 o 2 7 2 6 - F O i f i B k S P O J I S C M S F O H t j M U P O T O M S ^ J O H ^ ^ O K j G I ^ P J J l S M J S 
SPRINGTIME 

• R I N G S 
S U N S H IN E , F R E S H A I R , W A R M B R E E Z E 

A N D 
CONVERTIBLES 

 b e a t s u m m e r p r i c e s n o w 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a r c h 6 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 2 3 - D 

- n m a o t etscm s w 
H j M P C T 
■ top,hew s p h ris c m s 
7o? 7?M t ) B H 6 * spobtscaps ?16 r n 

Harry 
Area. 
Wurzbach Rirtimon 
822-o761 
MALE Presently Employed as 
Wholesale Credit and Collection 
Office Manager desires same si- luolion with other firm 534 3873. 
NURSE S A lbe wou'd like a job private duty laking care of elder- ly mon. 224-7448 offer 5pm.______ 
Personable 43 yr old Non De greed Aero Engr 2o yr ELT Test exp. ll yrs one co. My Ideas have saved employers millions 5. Di­ rect sales exp also 341-7o46 Paul 
Neat 
Rea child core in my home, close to USAA and 
684-6721 
Medlcat complex 

7o1 ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

5 -S P E E D B O X 

D IS C B R A K E S 

Q U A R T Z C L O C K 
1977 

1 2 4 S P I D E R 

R E D U C E D 

T O *5995 

T W IN O VER H EAD C A M 

STEEL R ADIALS 

TINTED CLASS 

O 
STATE TA X UC- 
N O T INCL. 
LIM ITED TO CARS IN STOCK 

* 
4 
2 
3 
7 

L IM IT E D S U P P L Y 

S T A T E T A X A U C . 

N O T IN C L . 

**» » » 7 'iIT S P E C IA L 

Amenta's lcwesl pated hue sports tor is even a better value now. 
£ 
F R E E 
A M EM R A D IO 

L U G O . R A C K 

W H E E L T R IM 

S P E C . S T R IP E S 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW I USED VOLKSWAGENS 
8 HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
***U S E D CAR S K O A L S *** 
1J mumot IM W WU w a u w a u .m a n illa »v«i- u u ON WMT u s a ONB IM M (K nots W W tllK E cow 

•77 scirocco ISL >k w n 'w ith saddle mto-i-H, 
4 saw* A, air cond‘«>o«ed 
AM »M Ste. NO Mum-rum wheels. radio! tires, 2,3oo miles. Retail 5639o 
............. *5725 

B ro w n , cniTo m o He, a ir co o * 
A M / PM. 
SHM in 
7 6 VW RABBIT 
W E JP fW ltY ...........................* ..................... 
7 5 SCIROCCO 
AGALMA ro o , 2 St,OOO m il* * 
.............................. 
7 5 LOGRANDE BUG VS-TT^n4 t779c die, still in w -rrro n ty....................................................* ' T V 
Under. 4 w eed, 

* 3 8 5 o 

* 4 o 9 5 

75 TR 7 's rrX .v : 
, 4 cy IU. 
. 
2o,GOC mile*. 

Mach 
I 
Iro v n , au tammie 
7 5 FO RD M U S T A N G ii f t 
X m m liM K . power 
*teecloa, power brake*, cdr cowdtNenad. radio white sidewall*, out** central, 
AM/9M rtareo. 
27,ooo mite*.................................................... 

7 5 C O M E T GT w tk * 1^lrcw»*mlii*lnn, pawer 

. s s r r * 

'3 1 9 5 

’ 7 5 s c ir o c c o 

X 
- 1 9 

L A R G E S T S E L E C T IO N 

S P O R T C A R S 

{ J 
' 
IN T E X A S 

.. 
-A— A im ■ 
_ 

* 

* 3 1 9 5 

* 3 8 9 5 

7 4 D ASHER Honed AjZdNw-Tapef'. * r f - . * 2 8 9 5 

7 4 SUPER BEETLE 
1o,ooo m ile * ----- 

Id, 4 
(peed. A M /PM. c o n d itio n e d . sun ro o t, 

Gremlin, low mileage. 

J A G U A R 

B IS T B U Y S E V E R 
M O B 

M G H • M 
I D G 
E T • FIAT • LANCIA 

IMP 
1 8 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
JRT5 
2 2 2 - 9 1 2 1 

7 4 A M C 

7 4 P IN T O 

7 3 V W 

7 2 V W BEETLE !3 !a 4 V 
4: 
* 
* 1 6 9 5 

Wagon, clean . 
Automatic, yellow . 

4 *|>end. radio, very 

 radio, 

‘ 165o 
*175o 
*1895 

A MISSION EXCLUSIVE the “WILD CHILD” VW 

R O B IN S O N ’ S 
S P O R T S C A R S 

7 4 Vo 
■"«'' 
^ 
- ^ 
4 4 9 5 

7 4 

7 4 

7 4 

7 3 

M I 174 

* 3 6 9 5 intoner nm)«Nt rn. eke*. krevraietener.hr. eertm ___... 
4 / t D 
174 HAT two*. 
* 

74o2. eel*, dr. 
•art ley. Wet 
•Un mm........ 
* 3 6 o o 

* 4 5 9 5 

Plus Free AM-FM-4o ch. CB 
RADIO WITH THIS CAR ( 
ONI 
\ 
ONL7 I 

VW. 

7 2 V W V A N roctto, Bf^to •idewolU , T 7 : . 
* 2 5 9 5 
72 VW 411 SEDAN c o n d itio n e d , * * * s te re o , i i T O C sa aaa .nile*.......................... ......................... 
I ' ' J 

* 1 1 9 5 
•Ive, 4 tpaed. rad io.............. 

SPECIAL INTEREST 
AUTOS! 
11964 Carve rte I end*ten 3 tope 
1664 C are arte toad*ter 2 tog* 
1694 Ford I air tone J dr. Mop ta d 4 White Original. 
1697 
Chav. 
2 dr. 
"19 o", 
25,ooo orig. ratio*. 
1693 
Ford 
F-tOO kick up, 
Sire at le d "all tho extras!" 
Mutt taal 
Artar 5 PM Phone 
(61 SI 967-11o3 
(619 967-299o 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN-BMW 

4 6 2 3 FRED ERICK SB UR G R O A D • A e r o * * f r o m W o n d e r la n d • 7 3 2 7 1 2 1 

'58 and 41 MGA’}. Partly rev tored Coll 655 o913____________ i vis Bult k Roodmosler Excellent condition 195o GMO pickup, new paint, interior. 19So Ford Cullom, 
2-dr., 58,ooo miles, purchased from orig, owner 
Excellent! 
628 1234 
1949 Buick special, aulo, very restorable original condition. 
5395. 349-o428 arter noon 
57 Chevrolet. 2 door, hardtop. 
Hood condition. 51,ooo 1 463-2934. 
1938 Chevrolet pickup, original, new motor, new tires, perfect body, t i.SOO. 436-o995. 
1954 tH F V Y Classic Hardtop 
Power windows, power steering. 
545o or best offer 655-5487 
64 Corvair Monia, 4 door, bucket seats. rebuilt 
476o868 engine. 
549o. 

• 
• 
• 
DUNE BUGGY 
'73 VOLKSWAGEN 
FIBERGLASS BODY CANOPY 
ROOF, MAG WHEELS 
224 6956 

• 
• 
• si Fofco T U U N b m iJ tD all power, windows, seots. Am tape deck. E xcellen t cond 
5125o 
828 3331 ar 828-2959 
TTTTRTd 

1977 VW RABBIT 
SUPER SALE 
* 3 3 9 8 

34 OOO mil** 

7 o V W BEETLE 

7 o PORSCHE 9 1 4 itoTAO, On* DWMI 

DON’T MISS OUR LOW NEW C A I M IC K I 

 m m i j £ 
4 » I J 
K m m V O L K S W A G E N / 

M i a t S 
M 
V r o 
H O N D A 

13oo S-t M'litory Dr. (M txt to Mission Chovtoiot) 
OMAC FINANCING 
MIC INSURANCE 
9 2 4 - o 5 1 6 it iT'Bf I'flftM B 

With great pride, mo introduce our (ustont “Wild Child' 
(quipped with aluminum Mags and Wide oval fires, functional 
Chrome Side Pipes and Spado) Striping ft Window Decor. Reclin­ ing bucket seats (front), carpeting, electric rear window defog­ ger, front sfaMiinr end fuel Infected engine plus fenny other exciting features- De yourself a feyer and try a "Wild Child." 

SAN A N T O N IO S LARGEST V W -H o N D A DEALER 
MISSION 
Vo1KSWAGEN/HoNDA 
13oo L L M ilitary Or 
924-4S16 

♦ 
Mony artier makes ft models ta choose tram. 
Cerayiel* lf*WI eUIHlfNXlKI D«yt 
8343 BROADWAY 
SVS-13*9 

 lf . io rin q 1 Hove fun! '72 MG 
Midget. Excellent ?e.noo mi Blue, saddle interior PM. 519oo firm. 
824 7419 656-847o ,___________ _ 
71 MGB beige, block loo. new tires, stereo, top and boot, 35.OOO mi, *27oo 655 26o6 
* 
65 MGB convertible 4 speed. wire wheels. Good cond SHOO bv owner 822 3627 822 1oo8________ 
•7<rMGB, excellent cond, very cleon Michelins. am tm, $16oo days 684-2H1, 684-9185 eves. 
74'! MGB 13,5oo, mi. in good condition, wire wheels. 527oo Call 
1-997-5252. 
__________ 
68 MGB Needs some work. 565o 
Call 342 83o6._________ __ 
Ti M ID G E T , in W a rra n ty , 
Am-Fm Stereo, CB rodlo. 535oo 9 ti 5pm CALL 925 46o1__________ 

717 OPEL 
OPt-L GT 73, oir Ne-ids some upholstery repair, some body work Good tires 52ooo 658-7113 
'69 OPEL GT, automatic. cond 5125o. 133 8152 
‘69 OPEL GT, 4 speed, 2 Smpg, 
Clean, 51,495 494 5(86 
64 Opel Kodette station wagon. good (.and 535o 826-3o17 ortt 

M M U 

C 
V 
\ 9 

•Flus To*, Title, Ucon sa 

 h p 
' 
IT’S WORTH 
*7 o ©°° 
ON ANY NEW 1976 
PEUGEOT 
DIESEL OR CAS CAR 
A ll SPECIALLY PURCHASED 
FOR THIS SALE! 

" 
I 
I 

 l ' 

B 
I 
I 
I 

* USED CAR SPECIALS * 
71 VW leelle only 
......................... 
* 1 4 9 5 
7 5 LAGRAMH Bug, At! Due.....................* T 9 9 5 
74 CHIVY LUVPKkup..................................* 7 4 9 5 
7 6 IMW 2oo7 ....................................... ‘6 8 9 5 
73 TOYOTA Wagon....................................* 1 9 9 5 
7 SVW (amper rop Top.................................* 5 3 9 5 
7 6 VW (onvertible, like next .....................* 4 1 9 5 
7 3 EAKMAN Ghat. 4 spd. radio ft att 
* 3 2 9 5 

75 VW Rabbit, on, AM FM 75 OOO miles. . . * 3 1 8 8 
7 5 KAIW I 19,ooo tra in an, radio 
? 2 9 9 5 
7 4 VW Yon, radio, extra cleon 
.......... 
3 2 8 8 
73 SUKAKU dean......................................‘ 1 7 8 8 
7 3 VW Supe., blue, 36,ooo miles...................* 2 1 9 5 
7 o AUM 4 door.............................................. * 1 6 7 o 
7 3 AUDI IO *, Att 
2 * 2 5 
7 4 VOLVO, U ke ......................................... 
* 4 1 9 5 

1 ton pickup Orig.. 
595o I 625-4413, IS 

TOP NOTCH 
SOLICITOR 
•pxperianced telephone solicitor for Southside office, hours hOam 7pm or 59pm Call between 
• 12 Mon-Fri. Mrs Foster 225 6519 
*TbugK 6 l im 
. par! lime star! 
4 am att Saturday and Sunday, hourly pay. 249 Mf Lochopptlle 
Truck Hop assistant manager, night shirt. 5-day week Texaco 
Truck Center IM IO East and 
1511 All appticattons lo A J Ploch 
OU Cd 5747 Dietrich Rd 4 5 pm doily tor intorvtew Ne Phone 
CoMs PIOOX . 
• Want Husky l ocal Part or luff" time Colage .iud, lit truck driver 
< Commercial license No Smoking 
Good Poy. FISHER S. 145o NE 
Loop 4to 
S A fffU S O iF 
5624o---------- 
Ambitious person over 21 tor top co Mory 82o-6494 New Day Per sonnet Conslls 9o) NE Loop HO 

•WAREHOUSE • 
5 day wk! 12 SO I o6 on hr! Today! 
JoAnn o26-o227 Job Placements 
Employment Ser Mio Sun Pi-Oi o 
Warehouse *pof7 co tra in * car aer person. 54oo start, call Cindy 
712 2191, 25o1 West Avo 
Jobs North. Inc, Placemt Svc 
ENO • 

 runs good a rn -5 p m 
-------------------SI FORD------------------ 
VICTORIA Hardtop 
Best otters 736 539o 
T r m r r e w n r r ^ p T c T i i i 
511,75o 
66 OLDS Toronado. ex collent. 521oo '74 M ERCEDES 
Bent 45o SL. 515.5oo 
69 MER 
CEDES Bent 1ooSEL 6.1. 51o.25o 
'62 TH U N D E R B IR D . 5975. '67 I 
ROLLS ROYCE Corniche Coupe. 
53o,ooo 653 9ooo 
Ovtr I OOO old Cars for sale In every issue of Cars and Ports, a monthly magazine tor Car Celite tors ond Restores I veer 56 OO - 
Sample 5oc. Cars and Ports Box 
299CC. Sesser, Illinois 62oo4 
-W n V 'lT E AAitYV i ( LL in6 
I or both CADILLAC ELDORADO 
Convertibles 1974 Dynasty rod. white top. white leather interior 
1971, very light yellow, white top. while loather interior Both mint condition 144 7122 for additional mtormohon 
___ 
St TA I Goad cond . extra paris 
5145o or otter 6o4 o244 

ROD EAST rift 
VOLKSWAGEN W 

N O B IT T E R C A K 
N O B IT t i l RI A C I TO B U Y 

1 4 o 2 N 
I . L o o p 4 T O 
o 
6 
o 
I O f t I 
(■ lf e t N e c e a d e c h e * 8 4 , 
O A O “ I m 
V I 
1o% OFF 

1o% OFF OF IMPORTERS 
SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE 
W ITHO UT ACCESSORIES 
AT PORT OF ENTRY 
EXAMPLE:---------- 

WAREHOUSE WORKER 
Some experience, over 25, com­ mercial license, obi* to drive I * * ton bobtail. S day week. some regular overtime 52 45 an hour triage benefits High school or 
•a u iv a ie n t 
P olyg raph exam required Apply rn person Den s ft 
Bon s Office. West Ave al Loop 
41o, ask tor Woyno Wyatt 

/o? ;? 6 FOBtiem spciRiscms 
R&ta i ast v w 
14o2 N E LOOP «1o 
82o 12o1 

/ M A W 
/ r n m r m 
T ’Soo^seJoh* 
Auto, oir, sunroof Mony more options 5295o After * pm SSI o4*9 l l Audi to«l > Air sunroof. AM 
FM stereo *24 I77t o28 o711 
Audi lOOLt 7i fe ic tile n l cond 
4 speed, oir. sun root. excellent tires Must see to appreciate 
5)595 Com 492 2961 

 c a 

PRICE: 
SAVE: 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 

* 
3 
4 
9 
9 
* 
‘ 3 4 9 . 9 o 
U X C IU D IN G A 4O oH I T O I 

NORTH LOOP VW 
SUBARU, INC. 

4623 FRIO ROAD 
732-7121 

SUBARU 

PtONOUNCfD 
(“POUJ-OH”) 
‘ONE OF THE BEST MADE CARS 
IN THE WORLD" 

 t i * 
: 
1977 

(OMI 
SLI ONI Of 
THI FASTfST SHUNG IM M * til I 
1977 SUBARU 
HD MOOILS STM! 
AT fCOMOMY N K I 
*3.164’** 

G K fA T fK SAVING S O N 
A l l N ( W J 9 7 6 SUBA MUS 
4 O f M O S IN STOLK 
12-MONTH UNUNMTID MJH AGI 
WARRANTY 
•etui, !*x. mu Mo uumi 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
II 

OFFER COOS UNTI!. MARCH 3IS1 
S BROUGHTON MOTORS SI 
^ 1 3 o AUSTIN H W Y . 
6 9 5 -o 2 4 1 5 

D IESEL E N G IN E W IL L 
G IV E Y O U F R O M 2 7 M P S IN 
THE C IT Y U P T O 3 5 M P G 
O N E X P R E S S W A Y S 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M .-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW *77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Y e a r /5 o ,o o o M ile 
W arranty A vailable 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 

7 6 TOYOTA camper, law mileage • * " * ^ 
‘ 3 9 9 5 
76 VW BUS automatic, air, radio one owner . *5895 
75 VW SUPER 
*2995 
74 VW SUPER air, dean........................ 
74 VW BUS 7-pas Mn got, itonderd, radio 
7 2 VW Standard, extra dean. low ntiloago . 
72 VW BUG Standard, dean.................... 
71 VW CAMPER 
71 VW SUPER 

’68 VW oxtra dean................................................. 
Over IOO new A woad cart in stock 

S E R V IC E O P E N 7 t o 6 

P A R T S O P E N S A T . A L L D A Y 

Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 

3 3 o 3 B ro a d w a y - 8 2 4 * 7 3 1 1 r 
- 

5 
o 
M 
P 
G 

* 2 
, 9 
9 
9 
* 

Air conditioning.. 
Root ie, automatic, 
4A.ooo miler.............. 

*2595 
*3895 
.... *1975 
*1595 
*2395 
AM/fM,} j 

’’’ *1o5o 

73 Ope) M enlo Luxuui Sogrt 
Coupe. Good cond 5145o 69o-1 H I 

•73 O P E L M A N T A 
4 speed, a ir. Coll 
Take up payment*, no oauity call G.C. 
VO LLM ER . 149 *948; 344-19SS arter 7____________________ _ 

7 3 O P E L M A N T A 
4 speed. o>r. Take up payment*. no equity, call GO V o ilm er, 
349 6948; 344-3955 Otter 7 p m 
68 OPEL 
226-o291 
Rallye 4-»peed. 5575. 

■72 OPEL SPORT, a u to m a tic , clean!! 
Cheap' 
Mr 
Bennett 
222 o986. 
_______ _ 
75 OPEL IVOO Sport wagon, 
S199S. 333-o152 
_ 
'72 O R EL W agon, outo a ir , power, 34,ooo mi 51195. 733 8o76 
'72 O R EL W agon, auto. a ir . power 36,ooo mi 51*95 7j)-8o/t> 

713 PORSCH! 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUOI 
1236 N E LOOP 41o 
824 3214 
•61 P O R S C H E 354B 
5315o good cond 
826 JOI 5 

65 Pot *che 3S6-C Good condiliar., air 
828 8484. ext 
38! 
Arter 6 
342-711o 
POPS^pT ' oM, 1973 544oo fex cellent condition 227-7575 days, 
828 136o otter 4. 
7 5 Por»che 2.o 8.OOO mile* »6mt le i!' 55875 222 1342 i f 7 4 'Por*che. O il S oortam afic. 
13.ooo mr, 51o-ooo 342-4739_______ 
JI bor*clie 911 "targa, 5 speed, \ gauge*. AM-FM i t ereo tape, yil- ta y * ^ x c e llo t^ 5 o j3 5 ^ 9 ^ 7 ^ L 

719 PLU6EoT__________ ti PEUGEOT 5o4, 56U3oo mi E« ceilont mechanical c m , auto. die, 
I lie r eg 51o5o. 824-3971 

721 SUBARU____________ i T T T D T T W r T J i ^ t r a t o o f v 
I dealer, 4,ottomi. w a rra n ty , a ir, radio, new tiros, many extra* coll art 
Sam ar an H ind*. 923-739o 
5155o 

722 TOYOTA 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
Aero** From A irport o2o-o723 
524 N E LOOP 41o 
?4 c t > * b \ i T coupe, air, om-fm” new lire* 52o5o 227-o93o, 734-3553 
New eng , good cond 

7 4 VW 

SSN. 
Weekly Full ar Part tune Good lo o kin g g irt* to fro m a* m a s­ ses. R eal good lob, g ro a t king condition* For appt Call 
492 29*4 

 sudses w arkH 

T T r 
R'P 
22-29 mag Clean 

WOMAN needed to operate oUabitshod welcome service 
A d v e rtin g and sale* exper 
Mince preferred Excellent to fu ry 
M ust have cor 
C all 
Fran Dorsey. 342 4291 arter 
4PM Sunday, all Poy Monday and Tuesday 

Homed S3 SB Per Hour lo tram Pan time and lull tin 
We i 
Also w om en 75 35 
NMM. ith m a n ­ a g e m e n t a b ility looking tar m o re l h a n a * a l o r v C o lM 2 2 U * o ^ ^ 

62? DOW SI ll_________ 

T O T c 5 r ^ 5 T R n 5 n ^ m I « * p e r tente d w ith refe ren ce* m y home or your* san Pedro H ill* 494 I IST b vslr'o responsible 
.■> rn 
-. keeper wha can speak same En# ii sh to care tar large m odern apt and m y 5 yr old dou ghier neor 
W o n d e rla n d , c a ll M r. B la n d i i i 411 After 9 pm and Sun coli 

S S L e rw e -M W M P P iP -w — (IWW 1 
I ill. ■ n. cr! bob ysitfer w ith r e f* tar 6 wk PM m m y home. NW near 
M edical Conter 4)2 t/o 9 
E x p e rie n c e d m p id fo r g e n e ra l h o u s e w o rk , 
5 d a y * , o w n irg n to u f lo tion m ust have r o lo t’ once*, gol d sa la ry 34 1 455o 
F am ily w ifft * ch ild re n Tiving m the coun try, desire * live in help 
A ddress re p ly 
O ccupant, l l W 
o25 C ra n e Rd 
SI 
C h e rie * III 
6o174 
Enclose num ber end 

II un n il d o p ondubli h.iusel’ o e p o r 
7)4 357) Pele v o w iu t ’ owe. 4 
Housekeeper c te i, I genTTeniOh, s m a ll a p a rtm e n t m u s t d riv e . 
N E Soc lion 347 o579 n y r Yo < n v B ib H r s ~ y iT n 
E L D E R L Y MOT He Si 87* IMI/ 
I ive In kousolieeper far gdneigl housework, roforenco* required 
IAP-ll 16 
LIve"in motor role Nanny for children, awn roam sp iqs E n * h s h O lftjm . 
N eed spm oohe Ie liv e in s m a ll 
N vi inside A p artm ent and care tar e ld e r lo fty , lip h t ftew sekeepinp, lig n t cooking, E n glish net nece* sury, references A ll-IO ft 

7o6 r n ____________ 
7TbM4T>oo?™S!r^vf?™7ore7ul?v m a in ta in e d 
E x c e lle n t cand 
*4oo6 Or Young 342 37o) days: 
695 *324 eves 
7 r i f iW ~f 'o~~l '<ider sedan 41666 mi Excellent cond 494 75o7 
" BWA lo J T d r le d on I i bob mc, excellent cond 494 75o7 ■ 
7) O M * 2 6 r fT T T M ^ M stereo s IrocS 
ISSOO 7 Si MIo 

7o7 CAPRI 
'I i U ' V u i V U ’o 
A,. ' k U t l * . deluxe in te rio r 4 sod , under 
75.ooo mi E xce lle n t cond 
77 
(tags 5295o 34 l l o*6____________ 
, Id Capri 2.o, dSftft, dtF. iuw mfleT 
O w ner tra n s fe rre d M ust soil 
ASAP* so* and make otter Col! 
45o II I ) 
>4 dad'rl auto air, A K W s io i- eg vinyl top S2I95 69o 1123 
7) d o p ri 2vcdcc 
I spit mags, w«a* tiros Ave retail SI35o. ask, 
I Mg 51o93 655 53o1 
7* 77 t a p r i G hig Sun ro o f! 
< Velour seals, lea th e r steering wheel 4 stteafccrs air. autamaitc, 
V 4, Low m ileage Bv o w ner. 
I 545oo 341 6o42 
74 ta p ri ii Vi, « spd . oir power ste e rin g . AM FM . v in y l ro o f 
11.ooo mt. 
Excellent cond 
225 2J24 
T T C o p ri- T o p ' im 
4 speed, a ir 
Toke over borane* on nota 
65A4111 
’4 T i p in V-7uC, 4 speed, oir, eg- cellent condition 648 oo48 
YsTTTnf r i To' tTiford---------- 
Air, 13495 341 3933 n to o n V r 'H M d c .'o V o u fo . 
74,ooo mi 529oo 656 32*3 
74 Cbp'ri,V-4, 4 speed, B k! fJU radio. $1995 124 15)3 arter 3pm 

' 7 * H I L U X P tftk ix p tentiu air cendirtunod, 4 -tpoed 
In x w M U M ti, o n ly o ,o o o m i t e i ................................................. 
7 o C O N O M A hkerk ll, 
4 -doer Sodon, owtometM lewnim illion, tar rendhi oned •fore# radio, pow er ai betas el, 6-tyHnder, 7 OOO m iler 
4-sp eo d, 2 4 .o o o 

 i l r r r v n n e w e l b r o k e *. o 
7 4 D P Y fU N 2 ftO X Ah. 

7 3 TO Y O TA La n d ( r v te e i ttnttan w o g n n tar to n - dHSnnad. radio, 3-epned. 4o.ooo miles ................... 
/ i I CHO LLA yen,*. 
H rndta, 69 OOO louie > 
7 1 CO4Oo4A Mars ti W'lpon nu 
■ d u ly i m r se ii dWle n e d . -o e io re e l n le e ............. 
* 7 4 q C V Y Bn—ne. plek-op. oui* mo II- en. pd 

 pew er steeling. 

' 4 3 O L A S i d s * mc............................. 

* 4 1 C H fV B O ftfT Otay 
................... 
’7 3 a ft ANO M U X terteietii. ntr. beak es. AM-fM stereo 

* 7 o O L M Collun eofemei'. eh. m ete ..................... 
* 7 8 CHtVXO iJRT Isl en Ie Corte e d e n s tw , ta r pow er s te e lin g and S re k e t. power w in d e w s , crosse s e n - feta, vine! tap 
.......................................... .. 
'7 8 PO N TIA C (5-wr Vine, w t s m s t n tar, power 
Meeting and tankas, tth wheel Ata-fM .................. 
' 7 4 C o 4 O M A 4-dnnr, a u to m e n * , tar, ra d io ................... 
* 7 8 C O M A R Automat*. air 
AM -fM , pawer w a r ta o s es v in y l Sap . . . ................ 

 m 4 4 4 4 « 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 « 4 4 4 o 

‘3695 

*4895 
*4695 
‘2895 
‘ 1495 
‘ 1495 
‘4695 
* 295 
‘ 195 
‘2895 
‘ 1195 

‘ 3795 
*4295 
‘3295 

‘4495 

3 4 8 3 4 F r o d f p r k k f t b u r g R d . 
7 3 6 - 4 4 7 

I 

 i 
| 
66 vw r r 

I 
I 

 hue*, ta r wSos 
TS IX * wiles, Sh 

67 VW ™ 

7 4 SUBARU he«eewegee,e« 

75 SUBARU 

‘2495 
I 
I 
| 7 4 SUBARU 
I 

J IH MtOADWAY 
| 
LwmmHlS'mmmml 

IB HAIS IN 

*1995 

HONDA CYCC 

Hondo is the tor and Mission is the place. H you won! a fine, 

 comfortable economy car, Hondo is for you And the best price one service is at Mission. Drive out soon. 
•PLUS $2oo FREIGHT 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HoNDA DEALER 
MISSION 

HoNDA/Vo1KSWAGEN 

11OO CW. M ilitary Or. 
97« - M I 6 | 

~U t o r olio" 
SIP7S A fte r 4 4 S 5 - 3 l 6 f ^ ^ ^ ^ M 
'7 i u g ro ilg W agon 
4 spd . a ir, 
SVVS c a ll 675 1294 
'J t o r un'a M ark ll A ir. 4-sod . excellent 134 o519 , 224-21oo 
I 
F” “ OU CAN KU Y 6 B E T T E R 
BU ILT SM ALL CAR TH AN AT 
D R YE R TOYOTA 
BU Y IT i V r T 6 9 8 Y T iW ------------ 
C o ro lla Coupe 4 sad a ir. ra d io , new sleet ra d ia l tire * 
C lean!! 
I 534 o167 ii f < W 6 U g o rd flo flr o ------- a f best afte r 494 3oo7 
71' Devola Corone M ark Ii id d o r 
SI SOS l l 5 5954 
T) fo yo to C orella 44,ddo m t , a ir. 
AM EM SI SOO 532 354S 
71 fo v o ia do ro n o L sp d . n riu ii se ll' 59V! <32 7917 
') ) Y d yo to C o ron a. A u to ., o ir . 
46,ooo m i Stets 453-SOOS i x y r r a w 
A 
T 'fdTC xe. p ick up. 
H A, r a d io , n e w (tre e . 115oo. 
494 6o67 or 349-1373 i f Voyoia M X Wogon Low m i , like new 656 3o1o . 65 5 3272. i i T,v,oio need* re p a ir*. U o6 or best after A fte r 5. 927 215o 

17o3 5 I M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
976 9451 

T O Y O T A O F S E G U IN 

O dpd e v e s til 9 

T o ll F r e e : 274 4183 
™ 4 tVv'gtd S pot! Coupe, yellaw - bia t k f at. lo ry ta p e -*t« r# e H o * w o rk* W ilt trade tar fu rn itu re ar 
*1695 636 JTX 
71 Tnyoiu~W ugon ile o n |iM 4 
Call 65o-5641. 

723 TRIUMPH rrJo 

‘1495 

: 
‘2195 

ALAMO SPORTS CARS 

 ji.T irrrrit m o s t, r a d ia l* a fte r t 

 or. 4-kpd , a ir. 
*3ooo 
494 7547 

71o HAI r m r - 

MILEAGE: 

Up To 47 MPG H w y.— 3o MPG Q ty leis of stylos ond models to tboose from—Imme diate Delivery 
O R. MITCHELL 
DODGE l l 3 o BROADWAY 
227,2281 
; * fVfN?NG^ 

NORTHWOOD PoRSCHE-AUDI 
USED CAR SPECIALS 

73 MtaCUftY 
31o5 
75 FONTUC!£T. whe»le. rkj*fe»! ? : ‘ 3495 
74 CAW 
^2995 
7 6 CNW 

A uthorised bate* and Service 
Trium ph Atta Romeo 
J IT BROADW AY 828 SSM 

E x ctatent condition t 
5175o-653-45o4 
_________________ 
*$4 Spitfire £ o » v o riiM a -1o.ooo n il., 
4 ipd . AM F M radio Good cond. 
M ake offer *5o-4621. ext 334 
H TR J o n Im. a ir 
U.SftO ta i 
5537S 727 o*38 
714 155) 
T T YW iUfAV fT Lp iff)re cenve‘ rf. 

 ere roe tat wtar-4, »#•*** * 5 2 9 5 

 bt*, low mr 52o5o 333-o152 
T T YF i'U hi'F E ' i p i i f i r T t o n v tr Ii bt* low m i very clean 51575 
826-9519 
'/T T frn F AF W' 5 e lifir 'e " e le c fr .t o v e rd riv e am Im c a d e tte E x cedent SUSI 65* 5517 
B26o27* 
ItM F t.r e c V , 
553Oo fir m 
TRV 
,3,Coo m i 
> c h *» tn u t j if* t 5 nm 

 w-.de 
71 CHIVY 
Z 

'J I CHXYSiER C S J 
JS T S -I etta-ee , wtaea xa«nta. t ' o * 4 -ndae 

7?4 m um m 
& 
5 i9 ! 

 fK T T T o jrT fu n ^ e e J f bes! ertgr 
734 6127 et 
SKH OI 
828 oXo9 l l Fraf H VU usi sell' toke ever 
UU yin t r i ll 496 7496 or 226-4164 
I jm rm n r clean a * new air Gold tan in- 
51o95 65o o191| 

7N 
/Of DATSUN 

 r n 
CORVETTE 
"'iHTTaWFTTf' 

; o n a e i la u d e d 
14.ooo m i 5/45o 349 USS eves 
I s C o rv e tte p e r f t c f c o n d itio n 
56ooo Rick H arper. 349 3621. 
TI g g t v .H .y Tip- 'I TI f i -------- 
Caelum, aute pow er, stereo 
277 oo22 
■ eeiV IT T V T T R ^ H 

657 o529 
V i { 6 b ; t 'T T l ' 'u i r pow er steer 
•hp. le a lh e r m te rie r i udie. 127 
IO OOH nu 645oo 349 S II. , 341 -79*4 ii* T T i$ Iv T T tt ’ TSuio W * speed 142o9 C up! Goys, Ran- 
H I H 
■ I auioh 655 4e7) Ext 
T a e r ’ s e 'l e T u d ^ r U b i e w ith tig* dtgp ell Do wer 35o HF 4 speed, 6495o o r best offer. I ar> 1 tlM 7 *« to C or veflt c g tw ti tiblc a 1 . 4geid , 
'Shape A m erican mags 3*9 7647 
T r c 'e r'veiV e'Y 'B't f y e b T l i L r 
Must SOH 222 1342 
' I I f‘ui vttfd.li.OfTc n il? loaded 
By awner 52oo over wholesale 
8>4* 1* 1- **' 
I i i C o rve tte N e w sca ste r's wee 
Send car. 13o9 m ile * Show room 
I c o n d itio n 
349 1o57 or 227-9o11. 
Ask for C h n * 
____________ 

I ,OOO tnt. 
A fro 
*55 o211 
Iran* ta p * pow er w a lte r G e ra g h ty 
775-5)3), 6»« 3488 
I * V ill e 
A lf 
AM F M s te re o , u'om wheel* 6 sud *96-2572 arter 
1 5 p m 
■rnm 
F irm 

‘7o OAYSUN WAGON 
I SOW. 
________ 
333-o152 r/ i datsun Lid Wognn E xcellent condition 571oo. 455-1777 
( W b A fS O N »4oY oir 
AM r w mags. CB, 51.44U I 625 o927 arter 

I Y I H tin SUDO OI bus 
SVS 434s sit suirmrr\ 

 o lf. urn otter, 225 44o1, 

W I T M a ir. 
V ery good condition 

Am tm Aspired, to n e r, low mt. 
I 41o-o116 es o s ______________ _____ 
I 'Iii FIA T l)4 Spider Convertible 
Loc dud. low miles 224 5o54 days, i 828 o54o eves 
T T T TA V T r i 'ifH b E A , kiXT W . 
' radial*, needs same wark 
55oo 
732 47o1 j t t t a"?" r jo T t a t : o o o JT oi r a tra n s p o rta tio n , tin a n cin p a v a ila ­ ble 549 5 724-441o 
___________ _ 
Ti F IA T '24 S.iydTi am tm tie r 
: to. air. new M ichehns M ater byl yester. 
221 5t44 
492 2542 eves, weekends 
'tT n T fT n s T T S N T O 
W 

 n r r v r m o u n t ii 
” g elling m a rrie d 
So .sc 
I *55477o 

 au g owner 
349-591o 
H 7T T tX H iTNT r o r U o if ift" nit n u tot to n lt?4 bofsun U s /. 7* f if (WO mi 
UUP new, i i i in t , *22 »57) 

MSU irrm rw row new paint out Im . grfei *94 *721 
I A r b 

S” n "w" 
• speed 

31)1157 
11 r PS 

CAMPING TIME! 
O O IT IN O N E O F O U R 
REC R EA TIO N A L VEHICLES 

’76 ToYo1A PICK-UP With 1o» |K I, Od radio 
‘ 3995 

' 7 6 VW BUS oatomohi, radio, oh 
‘ 5995 

’74 VW 7 po.aogn bus . 
‘4295 

’74 VW 9 passenger bas san mot 
‘4495 

2-72 VW BUS R A C H O R 
‘2595 

71 VW CAMPER With pop lap. like new 
‘2395 

76 PORSCHE VolucW^i: run e rota 
AM-FM 
o 
Yr***. 
CO, new SSE CAA ta, che I* - AWR Mrwe 
........... 
1 3 ,, U L 
.'73 PORSCH! r ' <SrTk' “Tit hbtaeta. »W * firer l l , OOO mHee 
. 
IU ,T Y J te r e A i M / i i t o14 I O Sitar, I speed. 
I O r U K a v n l am id m p h «••**«• 
*749^ 

’75 tlBOMPH 3we. * T f ! h" 
'73 AUO! IOX L t X 'J U C !’ ' 

• B U G S * 
1744 thru t*77 
A LL 
B IL L o14-442o heir 2 door alt, B d ft., ex cedent,5745o 494 2711 
/ 'i ’L i ' i f * S rtc u lU n i con d itio n ' 
M ust set! 734 551*_______________ 
O T sP T B an auto like new I2S5o 333o152 

GAS SAVER! 
71 VW F a t'o a c k 
I ow ner a ir. 
A M FM stere o V e ry low m ile *, im m acula te 
344-7912 a r Stoa#. 
6o1 143i 

 ri'A t a,* am Im 4 sp reft o c c e p i tro d e 
o21 13(o 
S I96o w o rk. 6o1 IS H a erne 
Lone Stat v o l k s w a g e n - a y 

. TrnomSim 

Cad FatBuv-SpII Used Cars lot \scQoopn 
/ll-. 

ISELI BOGS 

 r n 
DAISiiN_________ 
^TooTson" HTTfnouoiMir or 144-25o7 
------------------ STYTDTi------------------- 
BRYDON AUTO C E N TE R 
143o PAT BOOHER 
U N IV ER SAL CITY 4>o 4271 
>4T SITs‘UN'g o "4 'Joor~4~spee? a ir. s a c rific e . 5169* 
141 o115. 

11 eel ss a n d N IW 5 

oo orig M i Real o u tgo ll I749S 
- 
JOHN K E N A G Y M olar Co 
New B r q u h f I*. SA No i i * o Ii I 
_______ 
74 Da'sun i t / 4-spJ., o' “ 
AM 
FM stereo Low nit p e rtg cl con 
^ 
Id tlio n 
5 tlO V a r b e s t o ffe r 

 zn m u 

‘74 HONDA CIVIC , am raOio 
27,ooo 
463-4264 

4 speea, a ir, m iles 
51795 
714 MA/OA 
714 m u 

424 53o1; 7)5 557 
T r o x ^ 
'S in 
M 
T T ^ Sfoniiur-j itansm ission. a ir, A M -F M lu d to * . tra ck stereo other e xtra s 26,Oui! 
7 ( 9 . ilP .itiR 
Hides, fc xcengirt conOtfian 
5*29o i a n u u n n 
Ss) oo7s iW f S ia T . o ir 
4 speed. rad uTT lig h t blue, e x c « lle n l c a n d ilio ti, 
54195 (26-o154. 

71 H O N D A k e d a .i, c o m p le le ly 

J a g u a r X H E . 
7 i C o n v e rtib le 
29,6o4 mr Yellow, attack infer tor 
A ir. e x c e lle n t ce n d itru n * 7 SOO 
661 1453 o 4 p rn , 654 4o72 arter S 

Ti Mazda B 1*oo Rama. <*•< ■ r «ar bum per I i OOO tm 57195 s n U l t 
TI M azda 
New flie s , few m i 
L a o ** tu n s good 51295 or bust orter I 557 59*3, I 55/ 99)1 
JJ M ACCA R X I 
2 dom , oufom ai'e Caff 734 *5*1 
73 Mazda R d 2 R otary en g , tx cetlent cong *I5 -L a i WPI 
CAU 775 166o 

• 71 
M A ID A 
R A J 
W A G O N 
4 sp e e d a ir , s h a r p ! 1 l o w p a y m e n ts , a s s u m e b a la n c e 

 w o t s mi 

CL A5SICLY ST V t ED 7oo 5 
197o M W equipped 4 J oui 5. rn < 
Gun M etal grey w ith am aut white vin yl fop *53 517* 
_ 

•4 MU r cedes B e n i I99C, 4 door 
*d a n sung b ie g e re d u p n o i jeered auto good cond 5f,9vs 
SHo5o9 
I 
73 M ercedes JIO SEL T T i i Otic nu , tnim ecalate D a y* 
53* 3o*1, eves *74 1o34 
T i Mercedes IOO SE M int cond loaded O nly 57,o*o m ile * W ith 
S ervice re c o rd 559*5 B e fo re 7 
o m 
*2* 2544 after ’ 
I 5<9 4*44 ask tor F rank 
75 M E R C E D E * 45o SI lik e new 
24 OOO nu 
*22 *391, 
341o535 i f f TMF IX b i m 
N I So 1 
CALL 125 1666 

*4 Mer te a r* 7395L 
7) 3 o 6 m i grov ir a Two tops, new conyer- liW r top u p n e U tg iy , p a in t I s cedent cand 
S*3*H> l l 4 16o1 gr i i i n i l 
74 M i RCL Ok 5 i*6 s 
36.ooo m i b u n i oat c ru is e , ab 
SPtatety Uke new 
5625 SAN PE OHO 
734 *4o5 
_____________ 491 1773 sTM E R C E D E S 22o S Vets good c o n d itio n 
A ir, e x tra s ' Am tm , reclining seals *19o* 6*o ooo* 
MISSION CITY IM PORTS 
M E H C E DES B E N I kales Service 
HIO SAN PEDR O 
734 224) t x eel ss a n d NI w s 

*2 Ti 
Cad Donuts at 124 76o4 
Arter I 
*64 4)11 re k o rn io n n G hig, e x ce lle n t * ii bine, b o o *, a m owner *9o I t l l 
M .TTT • ,T r t T *: J-. v rfT T -T T T W 
Saua --o4.1* clean new tires, low nu AM un *74 7*94 art S 
~ N llT T;iT 5o ^v77i -EI X r e l y 
733-7121 
443) F N rO E R IC k S B U R G ROAD 

* M star OO 
■ i i 1 I9t 

7 dr , air ' I m w a r’ only, 5)o95. DI 

 die. 
H T fo m * deloii sipndP fd AM EM, *65 2o47 
T F S a u a re b a c k C le o n r * # r y ic * recoids. new poinl 51375 *53-71*5 

 y^1'JSSHEF B e a ti, very dean, good condition 
6165o 
69oo557 artel 
5pm_______ _____________________ 
’ 4 Su'oiei" 'v'W very c ip ftiiir ib w radia l lire *, rodra *1745. 433 34o7 r s c r Over paym ents on T T V w 
Bug 
No e a u itv C o ll 
o24 /ode os* tor 
Dennis 
A rter I 
C oil 
•54 4321 

P age 2 4 -D 
S an A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d a y M a rc h 6 1 9 7 7 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
"HT* 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES automobiles 
73o-743 M a ff ia . 

AL KOMMAY 
PRESIDENT 

V 
; 
M 
M i f W v V 
¥ 
M 
M f M r i a W 
U m d m tO m u m U m 
¥ 
U W W i9 a L a % m s 
¥ • - 
¥ ', . < ! * ■ # * H a h * W 
, 
¥ " M 
U 

SELLING OUT EVERYTHING! 

HEALTH REASONS FORCING ME INTO EARLY RETIREMENT 
(ONLY 9 DAYS LEFT—MARCH 16 ENDS IT) 
• 87 NEW CARS & DEMOS • Full Factory Warranty - Selling At Invoice Bottom Line 
• 74 USED CARS — Most With Warranty- Some As Is 

• EVERYBODY WELCOME Including Auto Dealers 
• SOME FIXED ASSETS TO BE SOLD (Garage & Office Equipment) e DON’T MISS THIS SALEH 
• NEW DEALER’S NAME WILL BE GIVEN AFTER BUSINESS SOLD 
• YES — All Departments Will Remain Open During Switch Over 
On Spot Financing At Bank Rates - Immediate Delivery 

M E C H A N IC A L IN SU R A N C E 
COVERAGE l 

Tha FVFtey Wm * L»*t V t m V ^ A w ^ *J * * 
THs-Coe* Of Motor MacHonkol for I * 
M o *** Or 11,ooo AA/hrr, Whichever Comet 
FW I 
-*• 
! 
« MOTORS B4SUWANC1 COMPOTATION ■* 

. . 
. A k M • rn - - *■-- m m . armor* Urterto*. 
’69 PONTIAC £2 5 ). ,**^irT power ttenrtug, $ g JC 
-------*—*— am ~ y nice. A Tot Ti .............. »r J 

7 1 OiDSMOBILE 
. . 
» « — 
- jw r r . 
. r 1. 
.*2375 
•TI B l I l f IT t*ry torte, geW, kalpa Irrtartoc, aw**- 
715!lli!<^ 3 ^ c ' s . 5 s r * r -r .^ w s 

7 1 FORD 
X ~ j £ O . Z S j t t X 
' i p 
AM/TM «Mi R-trcc*, only 4I.SW mite*, Mea. 
SI STC 
X1931 A . . . } .............................................. IO # * 
72 CHEVROLET 
1}J7S 
V»l, air, powf, vory ctooe cor. <31 UA 
........ 

7 3 BUICK 
K T s x r r » 
- : r M 
? 
. . - “ 
“ 
’ *3175 

7 3 OlDSMOeilE VS brtprtavT cortomatkVaK 
OR jywor. HH wfcool, crvka tantra!, iteree * $2275 

7 3 C H E V R O L E T S tE T ' .S S I bucket eoeirt, automatic VR, air, M»er, s t f j r ; : ^ 775 

73 OLDSMOBILE rtrryT roof, bilio cloth Interter, 

 o^ 
' mT •iftW Z ’- " ,*2975 

7 3 CHEVROLET S T 
V-«, 1-yeeA AM radio, 35,o57 oiiloe. • 
MAIA.......................................... 
7 3 OLDSMOBILE gawK? burgundy°®1ntorter, 
V R, air, all power, creme control. 

*3375 

(RUivmwiN v ■*( warp wav ^wv't •>* woe av twiirrii power wfndowe, toot!, door lock*, AM/FRi SGQTC iteroe, very die cendMen. 1 1 SMA 
...................a w /9 
7 3 OIDSMOBILE 98 p r ^ . Y ? r . , , SS! aroon rte th Interior, awe ii* att I, air, aM power tn y y r wftti ovary option, on excellent toy. S17 TSR i l l J 
*TT rD A U Tartan Sport, Moo, Moo vinyl top, 
IO URAIl automatic V-| air, power (hearing, SOTTC power hrdcet, air, 47 GOO mtfoe. *5 3 3 4 1 
. 7? . . i l l ? 

7 4 OIDSMOBILE ^ • % T y V & : air, power iteming, power brnL’vt, AM'FM SGCTC 
•toroe, tNt wheel, crone control. C I Vt 4 A 
J j / 3 
174 AA CBn IDV Mont ope, 4-dner, Moo, Alva 
/ A IfltnLUKT vinyl top, nutomoHc. alt, power 
Metring, power arake*. AM. 3o,43o mile*. > 
I ASTA 

AL KOMRAY AMC 

Dial 2 2 7 - 7 5 1 1 

(SALE AT MAIN STORE) 
1111 SAN PEDRO 

'V -IW N d iW V''tdUy*ilio V S-nWRol*.W -V wow Ow..!-. V M M i W 

I 
DON HICKMAN 

IS O N T H E R U N W I T H 

S U P E R S A V I N G S O N 

A L L C A R S A N D 

T R U C K S . 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
SALESMAN ARE IN A CONTEST FOR A TRIP... 
“ THEY ARE TRYING TO GIVE THE CARS AND 
TRUCKS AW AY” 
NEW 1977 LTD 
NEW 1977 LTD LANDAU 

COUNTRY 
SQUIRE 
WAGON 

^ 
/ thunderbird 

• SPECIAL O 

#6876, #6942, 
#6943 
★ All above have power and air. 

NEW 1977 PINTO STATION WAGON—=7 - 

4-door 
V8, autom atic, factory air, wheel covers, tinted gloss, pow er steering, pow er brakes, steel radial Whiteside w all tires, fender skirts, vin yl roof, 

#6871, #6925, #69o9 
‘5718* 

1977 LTD LANDAU 

Automatic, power steering, tinted gloss, steel redial tires, conve­ nience group, light group, #6526. 

 power brakes, air. 
‘6118 

'w/lC 

‘3361 

23oo CC Engine, 4- speed, fro n t disc brakes, rack and pi* m t i --__ - nion steering, m ini console, fold dow n rear seat, flipp er w indow s, # 6 6 2 8 
NEW 1977 MUSTANG 
2-door hardtop, a u to ­ m atic, a ir conditioned, deluxe w heel covers, tinted gloss pow er 
• L I M I T E D E D I T I O N • b tu k .s , w K it.s id . w ol! e e j * ag aw ^ tiros, 
6 6 9 /, # 669o 
*4351 * 
Von 

2-door hardtop pow er steering, pow er brokes, tinted glass, vinyl top, fender skirts, 
# 6 6 6 2 . 

NEW 1977 GRANADA 

 a 
, 

*5699 

NEW 1977 MAVERICK 

4-door 
Sedan, 
6-<ylindor, 
25o, ovor transmission, factory air, whool covors, glass, power steering, 
Whiteside wa!! tires, 
#6886. 

 drive tinted 
‘4436 

NEW 1977 FORD 
F-15o PICKUP 
4-door, 6-cylinder, automatic, factory air, tinted glass, pawer steering, 
Whiteside wail tires, vinyl interior, eiterior decor group#, #6669, 
4*62o4. 
‘4136 
6 Cylinder, Standard, Ggarotto Ughtar, Extra 
Cooling Radiator, 3oo Cubic In. 
#69o6 
( O 
T 
I I 3|( 
‘3711 

98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
IXTENDtD WARRANTY 
ON NCW AND USED V EH KLIS 

* EXCLUDES F rig h t, Deo lr* Prep and To*. Title and Lucerne 
OPEN SU N D AY 
N O O N - 7 P.M. 

RIATA 
CADILLAC 

317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo M I./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
7 5 , and 7 4 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

7776 SSW *1o5oo 
STta^.’lMSO sm it 
Sitar Uy*f 
76 ££32*155oo 

*2975 

'74 CH IVR O in x x rtejrtng, power broket. AM, roe! reek. * IJ J J J 

'75 MUSTANG ii ’S S I gS U S & X JZ 
•teertng, power broke., AM/FM rteree. » ^3375 
SIMA 

7 5 OLDSMOBILE E S S fortor, emote erie V-*, air, newer, wort wheel*. AM/FAA .terne with teen, tie ow. M 
22o4A....................................................... 

7 5 F O R D ^ S - T i . 
,___ errfy ISrSTOteMee. *19*24 .......... 

75 OLDSMOBILE 98 BE 

Uke 
*4575 

*4175 

 white vinyl reel. 
& ta .s x r rr .'4875 
B ilify Century to.Qeu, Ut.or, ftlvor vinyl 
OUIVA top, buck at n««*, cometo uuteman, air, | awat .toattry rower brake., AM/FM 

*4675 

*4475 

 lye Al n t u n c il E Cutten Seton. 2-doer, cream, 
J J U lU jM U B IU broom vinyl reclining Mat*. em w in th V-*, *4r, newer im trtt chitty teem mirror., mart wheel*. AM with 4-truck toon, duore o 7 1 2 4 4 ............................................. TTT. . 
IVC THTI ACC * A u , Wee, white top. SSO V-*, 
IO VUIUUJ automen., ob, power .touring, gewor broke*. AM. M4S32A .V ................ T. . 
IJR CABA Dr w ee, **vor, burgundy Intortor, 
/# H K a m r * . - — r r r . w s 

'76 cutla ss ; 

7 6 RUICK 
T S .,— *?. *5175 
22S 
|bMh*rtw', 
. 
Hwn, 4o/4o duel 
•mite ton tv* I, AM/FM ttoroo- At 
I wide** feet, bu* gundy vinyl 
I V-4. ate, oh newer, AO/ 
*5875 

7 6 o iD S M o e iu K 2 “ . . 's * i^ iC : s t matte. V-4, air, yew or. T.toy, AM/FM iteree z ix n in ir r . . r r 1.. 
. 
.*5575 

7 6 OLDSMOBUf 5 t T 
- W I T . 
Br.ugtmm In torte" ■ 4o/4o electric mat., automatic V-*, en rower, HH wheel. .rui*o control. AM/FM rteree. hurry tor th*, one. S .n e a r 
21 OSA.............................. 
*5375 

SCD V K C , W H A T 
IT S A U A B O U T 

E q u a l it y u s e d c a r s 

I LEASING « 

'RECREATIONAL 

VEHICLES 
Gunn v O ld sm ob ile 

 f53H|. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY ^ 
~ l24-o4fl 

76 
FLDOIAOO sass 
76 
76 l e i SEGAN Bt VUU 
/ o Iowa Mutt.. i t * ( M M SEDAN 
I O G*W Brown .. 
76 
IO* court o»THIE 
IO led Mitt ... court Bt nm 
CWB Brgwn ... coon DtVKii 

ROntlAMAM 

 court DtTtUI 

76 
76 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during tf»© month of March on any now car sold in our invontory. W e have the largest selection in Texas to choose from at SPSCIAL SAVINGS on every car, 

“ W e're The Deafer That M akes The Price Hight” 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“ The Dealer That Tells It U ke It Is” 
28oo BROADWAY 
(Across From Brackenridge Pork) 

OPEN 
EVENINGS 

H E R T Z 
QUALITY USED URS 

NOM OUR Rf NT Al FLEET 

7 6 ITDs 

75 COMETS 

76 THUNDlRflRO* 

76 IMPALAS 
Slut>on Wagons 

76 MONTI CARLOS 

76 MONARCHS 

‘4395 

*2595 

‘6895 

‘4795 

‘4395 

*3995 

76 NOVAS 

H i YOUtSWLSU 

... *3495 
117 month, I T OBC atilt (which tutr 
Baun hrti), iwetr train wwronty Aik 
I im Fttmh (oh 

M M M ! 

'IM M u t or M r n t t t lt en *74 VW i 
» * a n a M ire * 
Mg geuny Coil: t M d f i l n u tm 1 
” ww * u ® 
* * « o u i 
Prod Atter I fit ftif 
W I GSM 
IFH VaiVtWAgTWiTTW 
Ste CLEAM Cert 2t> /111 
Qdcing oroituui* 1*95 224-441* i i W i . ; 
IU* 
Clr^c. C V . . . 

WMUJWWMS9/S 
»**U«r cuod t24 4317 

WUmttEN n il IKYlUCW! 

98 VW lug, o444 Irontgorlofion 
■ ■ T M 
I 

Runt *1,o4,4 tngTnr 
M 224 9*3*1 fU ndflrO I rguvntTl 
I MOR, S»a»S 244-944* 
TTlTw Sot Cbrtipiel# tn * tr g r h il l >14— CWH ilk *244 k l vW i u i go4d~running condi lien, great camp.* $9 9 $ 4 $$ 7 3 9 4 
TT VWT J r - r ^ o i t aula 
Al, am im m u ltip le *, few mileage. 
149o4 924-1 IM 
9 T W 
F U S * , new e n fin * 1 i i 
Mead. I14SS 444 4 4 IIJ I7 <4*4 

 in VDUCSWASHi 

44 VW, (loan, ta r* geed cuniM- 
Hun. le x 141 1477______ 

YNU1M 1 OvmaxwT 
MF TRrY M A I TP R 824 7427 
■ / n / W T O H J r j r w m i t m 
464-4222 
7 r v a r r n Y r A? g~ 7 ito n run* goed IMO 494-6342 
< i i VW Okie. engine end fro m m .iiKin no**ant, H»9» *55 I RJI 
I 
__________ 
7o r n ^'GoodVS,lr!,lien, m uJ u W. 
724 
VOLKSWAGEN meting 8464 927-2418 
7 w ")? T r - « M t ltg e r paw fir*"*’ 
8179! 

1331 SO. 
TERMINAL DR 
8XIY o o AIS at aeon bi von 

VOLKSWAGEN 

VW OVERHAUL $4oo SSOQ 
IR M4 T12 XI* Mi Wor runty 
Werthtede Swg Repair *9* 1 * * 9 t i v W babb 1 1 cutteM ialuke, air, taw Mi 8229$ U M I82 

. 1 n r-iT T W urn p e rfe ct 1 1 
Only »79$ MT 144* 
YTVW UU met LIA PM tWree, air, Ina tamp* 1-447 224$ 
Y lW ^ J ’A IT I'Aer - Air »u y> 
(Worth $144o ) 481-4$44 
T4'VW i l l vl.llon woeon! "air, outomam, $lJ9$-4$6-h11________ 
^ VW stollen WpppSa Wee mo* tor 11 Mu* warranty *9* 5**9 a i r— 
_ s 
TI tit en ie $1/9$ 111 4152 
7TVW iu p e r BaeHe, auld TrgfTT i'b t new l i m . 349 * 
I tuaer VeDa' w leo u fy Air, 
I Cl IWW 
|1* U M 

 m m m m m autos m m 

775 VOLVO 
Vt VaYtt im Av.rilrlve tlLai 
Jim 71* MT; 227 42/3 
I n / e i7 . "TH I. e u i; « lr, tle r^T tope, yellow, brawn int, Uke new cm d 1119$ 4844691 46*4118 ewe* 
YT'Ve'Ue 'WTf lla n fn uodet 
Coedcondrtien 13* MSI i i Voiy* (Alopen Aute, air, low aide*, delew Slue Seek 
XAA. ACB, a 
YI V 6LV 6 US W 

I2Y8o 

I em Im $228o 14147f ir 
$U . air, 

Bl VW, new engine, Iran s m itte n 
M al* with radio 
Very nice 
TI I.cen** $17*6 J » 4 lf l 
. 
. . . 
1 ) i l l ' l f i K m ile* .c c e litn t 
------- i > .1 ti.lion 
$17*4 ti b til after 
'•* tt*| i*n * t* » N iw i 
4*1 JVI* 
CAU l l * 1444 

>N M ttE tU m H W T M 
T rra rs T K rrra n — m »r i i T O d iN a *d *e r ............ $y*$ 
•>4 MA VS HK K 4 Monitor* 
$99$ 
*9 PO SD XL. lea d e d 
$99$ 
49 IMPALA 4 deer ............ $*76 
7# OLO* 4 doer .................. II H 
74 AMBASSADOR 4. $1o .. 4498 
S M IT H 'S U sed C a r * 
748 8 ALAMO 
226 9144 
— m n a m r m r r m — 
Radio t eed tire* »7$4 MI 76U i i k e n e u li l / ' £ e ire cleeT I 
4 ta d , 4dr 
411 1442 
Geed cand 
$428 

 i < re, >5 anc Mi w* 

74 MALIBU togon .... 

73 (UKK It Sob**, 4 A 

73 CUTLASS Supreme 

75 MITO Wagon VR 

71 flTSOUTN Scamp ,, 

7SMALIBU 4-dew ..... 

7S TW hobbit 
....... 

73 TOL VO Wagon....... 

74 fLTMOUTN 4 doer . 

74 FORD Mkup ....... 

71 (NETT Mk u p ....... 

73 CHEVY Pickup....... 

 u rn tim u rn lim t im u r n sam 
U H } 
..s m sm s sm s 
SITTS 

* Mony, mony men con to 
(Keoit from * Open Lye*. Iii 9 pm * 

3oo3 S.W. Mllil ARY 

923-27o3 
92Ao1AL 

74 LMC Herhel Aute . new tire*, e ic e lie n t g e t m ileage A th in g 
11741 1 814 2444 
Y IT M f ' U M M r r hAYCUIACK. air, automatic, only I OOO m ile* 
Mu** tell A ttam e payment*, and baignet Coil Mr 4 en nan 222-49*4 
T i AMC M a ta d o r C oup*. V I. pawer, air, lo o a t* 37 one mile* 
H IC K ' 611*8 t i Witt tra d * for furniture 484-124* 
Y* Gremlin Sir. AM-WM, ppw er 
I owner, 4o.o4* rn* blend , $1*9$ firm I Ie 4 w b d e vt: *71 1947; 
Ofiyr $: I 84* 479$ 
Y T ft.rm lln " air, tinl«o via**, new radialt. lop conditwn. only 21.4*4 mile*, real bargain, term * ti*ai bl* 144 9*74 
Y Y C T f s o r r s a r air. power 
•leering 933 *14* 
YTBrtmUn, ti .‘owner, tfllfi to It 
412 1o14 
Vi G re m lin 4 cyl . a u te , a ir, power Geed C on n e t} *24 5217 
Owner 
I i drem lin. yellow Stand, SU 

*1o85o 
Mo95o 
*965o 
‘8975 
795o 
*859o 
*9675 
*969o 

 ivory Ivory 
*965o 
76 E’teT1 *965o 
76S;wEri *955 
76 SS-fT1 *967 
76 ESS! ‘899 
75 Bewhite ‘875 
75 *2X2 ‘82S 
75 ^SL ‘775 
75 rSXS ‘835 
75 
795 
75SySS? ‘765 
75 2^KT 765 
IWW SEDONDeVtUi 
. . . . 
IO Sewn Whet 
765 
,yrn COUPE OeVIUi 
1 T - r 
IO Ton Ion 
* 7 / 5 

7 
5 
CALAft COUPE 
% m 
74SSSSS ‘62! 
72 22.KT ‘34^ court OeVIUI 
*<* , i 

O T N K fk M A K E S 

PONTIAC GUN 
/ 6 PEI! 

REMODELING 
SALE s Coverage 
MOTOR INSURANCE CORPORATION 

7 6 BUICK ptmtt, 18.ooo mdei.. ’* * " M *695o 
7 6 CHRYSLER S ^ ! u X S 7 ,'-,'.*57»5 rw r n in e tu*tau Wwi- 
^ 4 ***•• 
IO w l D I power, git, tteree, tow mdeggt 
*435o 

7 4 OLDSMOBILE 9 * SS? 
ISS: tub power, 3o,ooo mite* .. 

7 5 MONTE CARLO 
Green end whit*, power end air, der to 

7 5 BUICK 
Carnary Luun Wagon, beige, power and ga. luggage rack ...................... 
Cutlau Supreme. 2-deer, 

‘425o 

‘425o 

‘415o 

74 OLDSMOBILE 5 - J S K ir a >34^o 

I T * m n r i # USrtre, 2 deer, Hue and white, | m t r n 
P H d U IIv IL power window*ond teat*, stereo..... O I J U 

7 3 DODGE 
‘ ‘285o 
71 BUICK 
^ 
‘25oo 

7 2 MERCURY K X t£ 5 .'“ *''" " ‘ 195o 
•T I PASI TI A f 
Cotetme, brome on* 
/ I r U m i A L , whit*, power end ow, tow 
5 ] 4 ^ Q 

7 o BUICK K r ^ r * ! 5 r x i ' ' 1 4 5 o 

•69 dodge j s v l t y r r * r * *1275 
7o Used C an to Cfioos* From 

Mutt 
‘599o r" 
- 
— 
> — 
« « 
• T A f it u n / 
I 
! 

AM PM radio, u ir cond. 11,446 mite*. 8294$ 651-4944 
Y i H o rn ti i- d r 
Sedan " I eyi ttand , air. engmpl owner 48.o44 m ile*. Need* tire * and paint, I dent 81*4o 484 4943 otter 4 aw'SHX *.... 
. 
JAVELIN 1973 
Ny owner Air, power, auto., law mileage Il7 $ t 224 4449, leave mettage with An* aer me ive 
‘FL P A C lb i. LoadeX new tie e l rid 'o t* Very clean! With w ar- runty 4519444 i i A A M iL c S , 4 tlundard 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2 2 7 -4 2 8 2 

49 PO MCNAULT 1-16, rebut! ain* urn tm, air, 8o-18 m u* $149$ i l l I4Q9_____________________ 
____ t5 ftenaul! ttaTlen waoan uwla new V»*$ betlpNer'eTs’T m air, raote, ro4>ait. ukcetletti 
141-o4*4 rtT r siM Y A -'T ii our. l i l t 
Otter 484 14UO 

.a PRi-O W N iD 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open M o n .- M . • A .M . 
To 6 P.M . 
So*. 8 A .M . to 4 P .M . 

SHOP INDOORS 

74 BUICK aw. 
(tnvertiblt. 
AM fit I frock iteree with C/I m doth. etectrx onitnno. or cendrtiemng, pow et slftnn^ pffwe* win dew*, power teen, tilt iittnng 

 tiret, ticellent S O Q A C too*,Hen 
J o t j 
A N E W CAS TWACX- 
IN of. . . 

ALAMO SPORTS 
CARS 
3111 BROADWAY 
L 
, 2 i*55n ->IM| 

TC MKI 

T m ) 

 b hoar to get $1 o $ y » Q’ *y 
41 Wombier alation wupen Llkii 

73? WICK 

732 

•JPICX 1*74 C LC C T N A 
22*' 
S.U1 I 2 M^ H P T,> s h o w r o o m a A V 1 , v , V - i V i * y OPTION 
I h iC U T lV C 
LALO SM AN 
P « 'V |k , P fX F B C T M iC H A N 
IC AC L V 
8289o 
NO 
PHONE 
- J l -^*l.l 5 r ife A t t 3115 CUL COPA 
Te’ IU Id K I l l ^ f h A I i i , hun* 
Uh* a top. *o9$ m - * s*« 

7* L-*»dbr# Like n e * iii 
**4F*ea$. must tell 

FREE 77 LICENSE 
PLATES 

72 FINTO Vander*, av WSO 
71 naoMPN, 
44.ooo note*..........MHS 
•71 H TMoUTM Dutltr MOSO 
72 TOYOTA UreneMvkH. 
4 door. auttmabc, oh, 8- cybndtt, 35 **3 mdet 
............*212} 
74HVMoUTN Vamp. 

 fhTWfl itttA M 
OOO mdet 
175o 
74 HNTOSrondard. aa MOM 

7 4 TOYOTA (ghee ST, 

72 FORD Hsiang, aa 'IW O 

OPEN SUMMY - AM 
MANUEL M U ROSA 

MOUM annuu rot# 
MOO JAN FfbtO 
141 9 4 # 
T t i Y B t w r e u r 
• B m M 

731 ANC 
'■t*i A,i.iu»vado< ixsrnrrr 
MSO or bait m r 466 844/ 

'75 BUIC K Convarfibla c e ia b r* Soon ie n clat MCI Ail uawaI, lu»* .t,o a« i low mileage 
Will negotiate, 
341-47*o. eve*. weekend* 

T F B uiehT T cvl., need* some ;W *14J, 724 *o*i 
.............. 
T n rataruiokre. 4 j* e t ar,-. 
77 BUICX 4 doer Limited I iglu tu tti bloke*, tteerinu AM f-m blue while vinyl tee blue velour 
«*W4JL 
36,o4o n»i#* $jy>» itll All power, AM PM ti t i to with 
**• *4o9 
I t r a it lope 414* mi Original T l'lulck LlmHed HuWS'tm t, ' Cli 
!* * ***•*» 16,ooo mi ii* * * win 

732 BUICK 

 w indow p ric e H O ,lls .4 6 
SIM* 684-71 l l buy 4*4 7917 

7o PUICX Limned, all power, titr e neon »U98 921-7174 
T T I V.ri Lip, led I ended w.fF eclrut! unaer ie,Ob mi 461-441* 
1*74 haul! VTI), lop cendliroT, 
•uudiJ 84441o 486 J l # __________ 

73o-743-*UToWo8lliS 

•NEWS BONUS A U S 
2 tm.* 
T i JC AS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 

,: •;.. •-•.•::-(• -'-. ' S.- • 
- V.* 
>'" / ' 
• • y\ - --. >:- 
. 

N O N COMMERCIA!.! 
M 
S 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 f AHCfl I Afritn ^ 
WITHOUT 
RATS CHANGE 
A h r— i rn 11— pp— wa 
738 7T3-A(rrmOBlliS I 

RESULTS! 

73o 743 AUTOMOEILES 
73G743-AUTOMOBILES 
I 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S-— Sundoy Morch 6 1977 _________ Poge 25-D 

73o-743 AMTOMOBIUES 
73o-743 -AUTOMOBILES 
73G743 AUTOMOBI U 
S 73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 

* 
J f 
B 
J 
:T p 
‘‘ "'Ii 

Mi 

Pf 5k 
AOL 
O R D 
BIG 

-V, 

XTCAIAUNA 
***• o,1 «*•"•* a »d o h Demo 
* 5 4 9 5 

•A bo ve m onthly p a ym e n ts baser! on d o w n paym ent of $ 5 o o cash or tra d e , plus tax, title and license. To get de­ fe rre d p a y m e n t price, m u ltip ly 4 8 tim es p a ym e n t. A n n u o l p e r c e n t a g e rate 1 3 .6 1 % w ith approved credit. 

'77 ORAND PRIX 
Loaded, pow er and air. 

* 5 3 5 8 
’ $1 45 .o9 per m onth 

CO U N TR Y 
■ 
FORD I 
SAUES-BOERNE 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC— GMC 

3 9 o o SAN PEDRO • O 
P 
E 
N 
£ y 
/ 
* 
T 
F 

 g¥, % rn 

113o BROADWAY 
SPECIALS 
’71 MAVERICK iLm X ^ ““"^'.‘USO 
* 7 4 IT A D Y “6 
P*»»tr. air, vinyl roof, 
<4 o ( a 

/ h U A K I whittwoih nr(8 o *...........................2 V 5 C 
7o FURY III wtntreolly reol ebon— - * .,35o 
’71 POLARA SSI,.’* . 
‘145o 

* 4 o f D A U / U Impenol. 
4 door, original end . a 
. . 
O O v K U t V IT titan power, orr, vinyl roof Now... 
W 
U 
’74 DODGE S I X , * ‘r 4:.* >235o 
’74 SATELLITE vinyl roof, whiff wol£°rtol citrin ’29 5o 

* 7 9 m 
A l l C k i r C D Hordtop, low mileage, 
/ J v n A l L C n w t A power, oir, vinyl roof c a y a a 
H O # ........................................................ 
2 7 Y U 
’74 MONACO 
*175o 
’69 MONACO 
‘1295 
’76 MARQUIS It&JO?"*-. ’**“ ’485o 
’73 CATALINA '£ ,£ ? “ * *"• ‘2259 
’76 ASPEN 
JJJS.r":*: 
‘415o 
’7o EURY III X V 1 S , ’.T "• ‘119o twm QU AIQ 4 door, automatic, powtr steering 
/ r) BIL AIK rodro, htoltr, whilewolls, reduced ^ j ->|9o 

’71 FORD S r ^ <fc“ 
>165o 
’72 MAVERICK 525 J SftJ M S *17oo t y o M A K I A T H Hordtop. sedon, EM, power, 
/ J mUnALw on, vinyl roof, ongmol ond so ft cs cs deon........................................................ 2 / U U 
73 FURY III vMrtewoMy reduced pow.! on, >225o 

73 DART vT po*w (* ¥,ny'ro**imo" 
*24oo 
72 COUPE ’SS; ill ST " * * > ‘28oo 
'73 MARQUIS '.Z,™ ST. “urn ‘26oo 
•74 buick ifir s j; r-: .-•. *35oo 
’75 CHARGER S S i R K T *!.*««So 
'75 BUICK X M S ta^ ' ~ “-.,‘43oo 
’74 DODGE S Z ’I r " 5" 
‘43oo 
’74 NEWPORT S f S X S I T ' ‘325o 
76 EL CAMINO SS 
‘525o 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY rvfNtNOS 227-2233 

- ■ r 
’ 
;■ 
’ •- 
—• 
■ 
- 
J££» ? 3 r , * 
><~^V •, 
J§* ; 
* 

1976 DEMOS WITH FACTORY WARRANTY 
1 9 7 6 LTD 4 -D R . 
STK. # 5 8 3 8 

1 9 7 6 G R A N T O R IN O 
W A G O N STK. a 5669 
1 9 7 6 R A N C H ER O 
EXPLORER STK. # 5863 
1 9 7 6 O R A N T O R IN O 4 -D R . 
STK. # 5 9 o o 
1 9 7 6 M U ST . C O B R A 
STK. # 5 8 o 2 
1 9 7 6 T H U N D E R B IR D 
STK. # 5 8 7 2 

LIST PRICE 
$ 6 7 4 7 .o o 

$ 6 8 2 1 .o o 

$ 5 9 9 9 .o o t. 
$ 5 9 9 8 .o o 

$ 5 o 2 4 .o o 

$ 9 9 6 o .o o 

SA It PRICE 
* 4 9 6 9 .8 7 

* 4 9 9 6 .o o 

* 4 2 4 o .o o 

* 4 8 7 7 .o o 

* 4 2 o 7 .o o 

* 7 5 o 2 .o o 

DUE TO TREM EN D O U S RESPO N SE 
TO M BEN SO N IS C O N T IN U IN G H IS 
UNDER *2,ooo SALE 

’73 CAPRICE i ^ 
9'r,'9o6r°,,‘w',ho''’...... *1 7 9 S 
’74 V A LIA N T automatic, air. st 196o . . . ........ *1 9 9 5 
‘71 IM P A LA 
....... *1 3 9 5 
‘7o G R A N D P R IX S X J S T .im i 
*1 5 9 5 ixa I AAB A I A coupe, green, automatic, radio, 
SIA. AK 
OO IlYlf MLH power steering, an conditioned *1939 . 
I ■fVD 
*64 IM P A LA blue, loaded. # 1911 -A ... . ......... * 6 9 5 
’73 CORO NET S u l k i e r . ............ *1 9 9 5 
• •ye, a r> a w r i a a e r 
4-door, b'ue, automatic, radio, 
« « *2 A R E 
/ a D A I c L L I T C air conditioned, power * 1 8 6 3 ........... 
! • 
# 
• 
*73 CHRYSLER loaded 
*1 9 9 5 

‘72 M ERCU RY 5SttKu&'.S**V?m* 
*1 9 9 5 
‘72 DO DGE 
*1 4 9 5 
‘69 M ERCU RY Double Nice, 54,ooo mile*. * 159oA . . *1 5 9 5 
’69 BUICK L o S e d ^ L ^ g g ! Sac*' V * ? 736 
*1 2 9 5 
’74 PO N TIAC looded with Air, t^Te Car. « 1o23 .... *1 9 9 5 
’72 IM P A LA Vifyi'T^AM^: * 176oA...... *1 5 9 5 
’73 DATSUN I 2 o o rodto, tccnomy Plu» * 1844 . *1 6 9 5 
’71 A U DI lOOSLtiS'iSTitSSr^-. 
*1 4 9 5 
‘73 OLDS 98 iStSS.U Sll. « urn ...... *1 9 9 5 

M ECHAN IC SPECIALS 
THESE UNITS SOLD AS IS AT THESE SUPER LOW PRICES 

’69 LEM AN S overhead com, mogt, * 1875. . . 
• 7 9 5 
’65 OLDS Laded>t**>19*3 8*A ...... 
• 6 9 5 
‘66 M U ST A N G S&.X'S'Ttjj.............. * 8 9 5 
•68 G A LA X IE X T T . l. ': ..................................... • 8 9 5 

SPECIALS OF THE WEEK 
ON NEW FORDS 

1 9 7 7 FORD LTD 4 -d r. 
STK. # 1 1 3 8 

UST $ 6 3 2 9 .o o 
N O W 

1 9 7 7 FORD F-ioo 
STK. # 11 34 

LIST $4463.o5 
N O W 
*5363.82 
*3858.62 

3 $. MAHLON, n. SA. LINE 227-o86E 
“WHERE YOU CAN BUY COUNTRY STYLE** 

C H E V R O L E T 

LOOP 41 o 
A S A N PEDRO 

-A COMPLETE AUTOMOTIVE WORLD 

3 4 1 -3 3 1 4 

GILLESPIE FORD 
GRANADA SALE 

FORD TOP HATTER 

 m t w 

Hemphill-McComb’• Ford ii proud to on nounce that Pete Fritter it now auonoted with their morn store located at 1o25 Son Pedro My get ac qoamtmd offer to the people of San Antonio <i don t motto a $2oo $5oo imitate in purcftoiwg your nett car. iring me the other deafer i offer and I ll personally guarantee to boat it. 

SPECIAL 
FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during the month of March on any new car sold 
In our inventory. W e have the largest selection in Texas to choose from at SPECIAL S A V IN G S on every car. 

“We're The Deafer That M akes The Price Right" 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“The Dealer That Tells It Like It Is" 
28oo BRO ADW AY ev?nFngs 
(Across From Brackenridge Park) 

LOADED 

N EW ’7 7 
G R A N A D A 2 dr 

IN STOCK 

8 4 G R A N A D A S 

PRICED FROM 
*4192°°_ 

1 8 8 
o o 
DOW N 
CASH OR TRADE 

SPORTY H ARDTO P 
Air Conditioned 
Automatic Transmission 
Steel Belted Whitewalls 
A M Pushbutton Radio 
Tinted Glass 
25o Cu. In 6 Cylinder 
Power Steering 
CASH PRICE OF $49 98.o o with $1 88 Down on Approved Credit * 48 months at $1 26.26. 

A n n u a l p e r c e n t a g e ro te 1 1 .8 3 , D e fe r r e d p r k e $ 6 2 4 8 . 4 $ . 
S ta te T a x, Lice nce E x c lu d e d . S ta c k M 4 1 8 9 . 
3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

★ INSTANT CASH ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 
USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
9 4 oo SA N PEDRO 

733 CADILLAC 

At B u tch S p o r t w o«on. ti a nt Soft U t U t * 

 m BUICK 
732 BUICK tt Buick read! L o n a su Air, pow.r, I track »!tr»a. m »iovn 
•hit. •««. m i.nor Barra ciao*. 
QIN Attar l it WtM*___ 
J r S u I m » . uuT i iou. V I OU 
•amalic power Io d in v air. 'f t | h< ch m Like now M it t Will lr aaa t i I-IM I 
TTIukIi I .tai Nr L'Ui ar iTi 
SISOt. O .ol.r cat! M I M Gallina a n c* it tau looOad. Odum mitov 
>8o I M M i l 
BUICK ’75 RIVIERA 
L o r auu root all aewar. inc loo* *- i*al* ■>indow*. cruiv* till am tm ktareo Iaaa. rS iC B BBOUCBO To IM M 
, 
BUI T r c a d w e l l U k t d C e r t 
»o1 B R O A D W A Y 
134 t/1o 

 l l BUICX t k v h o w f 
V t a il- p o w er aute 
I I V I I I I I t l l ; att t a n ava* 
____ 
A ... . Sk.'huw. t i Y .ary option 
G ra a l a a * m ile a a a . B r ,v a la aaarudota' M i-trtl fTlUlPV IL vlaT'lTTkaTuSSi. tao la aaaraciaia H I M t j i lftt 
'i r t u u t i l ' i ir , l S 7 irT T ool F T T a u io m a iic aew ar, lo c ta rv air, tlaree le u . law inliaaaa aacap iianuiiv d e a n l l lica a .a t l t f l will troaa t it IM ) 
T * T o I(?k IWVLAE'g 'tlk fliU K n e v i __________________ 3*1-1431 
S'uiifc ti 'S h rlorli h o id lo p la * ii antalv 
'"ce 
Sacrdica lin t i n t l 4t*-M 4> 

'll I 'uicli 'Wo'a'an'.'i'Hr'or Lad ewer, IM M U 
Bjii * wild. al I Baar hordloa.l awner, loaded Xe a u M u l car B a c 
Cand tttl Wark IJJ U U , name 
It * I I H iT Y T . clToT Tm ll'e^. I if our Im mucutolq. m a o Cat! M I IB II 
71 SKYLARK CMfVERTIBLE im m a c u la te c o n d itio n 
L o c a l owner AM tor ART H i l l Coll 

733 (flume 

74 CADILLAC M in SH 
Like new warranty. Ili-O itl i i tod iiloc. Clee 1(7 new U ra l, n a e Alter o i l l roo* ti (ojliior' m n b.VHle Io la . witn while lea K a c e iie n l conal lion 
M a v bo toon al 
IB IO W. 
Hildebrand t i m J l l I i i ; 
-I f f A S M L A C t a u B a 6 . . Ilia 
M .o m u h i blue. la d r o n e ! re a l, t ra it* «onirpi int wheel tleree, pawer teolt * » i.ile n l cendilien. iovH t il i m aller * am________ 
JU C a d i l l a c C a u p . D e v ille 
Good vunddlun 
H B M 
Cath til-' rn 
T i 
C A b i t L a C C 6 U 8 I 
P K V IL L t , tow mi M .ltl Oil O MI 
U l t 'Cadillac Coupe be villa, full puw ot, while ever aeld. mint con- anion IHM M f B ill 
— - im nw i" - .. 
I a out tv a n d a i e l 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATE. 
I t MBL BKD 
Automat*. lower 
Slatting, tow.' Bro*ti 
*1 1 S S 

 n NITO. I leet, 
Uaalard. en...............* 988 
Ti 
DODGE 
I Otero 4 leaf. oetomeht, aa, AA FN .. * 1 9 7 5 

7 3 GIAMO PMX, fully Leolel............ *3788 
73 GUM I Oil BO 4 deer, ouiomet* aa, power 
Mooring, vinyl lea, 
BB Io,oo6imet 
*278S 
I IS GLAM POX el power en! ae, 
| 
AM FN ................... *477S 
X 
O R IN SUMO AY 
AC 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
I 
98oo SAN RCORO u n 

733 CADUAC 

IS MONIE (AMO IS,OOO anlet, 

B n S r S l l m * 
* 4 s l» l 
IS LID Ideal landau, outemei* ow. Mew Hearing pow*' feioket. 
••ny! tap, AB FX power 
.mdowi ............ 
* 4 2 8 S n fOllBO I deer. 11,ooo anlet A 
SiertA. end MuHh car 
* 4 9 5 o 
Id COUGH XI I oulamolK, pawer deenna Arak tv 
AB IX .. 
.. * 4 9 SO 

2311 IrBdrfway-227-14 IS 

I AGUDA OOI Station Wagon............ 
$ 1 8 7 5 
I MG Convertible Coupe....................... $ 2 5 9 5 
I CANI 2 deer 
$ 1 * 7 5 
I VOLKSWAGEN flung 
......... 
$ 1 9 9 2 
PLYMOUTH Solemn 4 doer 
....... $ 9 9 9 
I O lm Impale 4 door 
$ 4 7 5 
I 
MUSTANG I door 
....................... 
$ 6 9 1 i 
XA Vt IK I LOO I door 
........... 
$ 3 9 9 5 

I PINTO 7 door 
$ 2 5 9 5 
I DATSUN TAO I, ? + 7 ....................... 
$ 4 4 9 o 
I 
MA TE RICK 4 door 
$ 2 8 9 5 

 i 
GRANADA 7 door ....................... 
5 3 4 9 5 

I IU K I legal 4 doot ......................... 
$ 3 4 9 9 
S CME VT Moon Corte. 2 dear land au 
$ 3 8 9 9 
\ GIAMO TORINO ? dee* 
..... 
$ 3 2 9 9 
S THueOEttiKi 2 dew 
.................... 
$ 9 9 9 9 
27SS S.W. Military Drive - 9234541 

* 7 6 fOIO LTO landau, * door 
* 4 9 FOIO 4 door 
* 7 4 DODGE Irodovmon IOO Ton 
....... 
*7 2 PONTIAC bon vt ll. I doer tardlop 
* 7 2 CAOHIAC Do Mio 4 door............ 
'7 3 PONTIAC bond Pm 7 dew hordtop 
* 7 6 GRANADA Urn) 4 deer 
'7 3 IIMCX Electro 2 deer hardtop 
'7 3 CHEVY (oarvt 4 door hardto# 
'7 9 PWnO 2 door 
....................... 
'*9 (MEVY Boma! notion wagon ...... 

$ 9 4 9 9 
$ 1 6 9 9 
$ 3 9 9 9 
$ 2 2 9 9 
$ 2 6 9 9 
$ 3 2 9 9 
$ 4 4 9 9 
$ 2 6 9 9 
$ 2 4 9 9 
$ 2 4 9 9 
$ 4 9 o 

2 7 9 9 S .W . M ilit a r y C 
7 ! FORD LTD 2 door hermop 
7 4 FORD LTD Country Squat tom SOd 4 door 

Ort wa 
9 2 3 - 4 9 4 1 
! *oo 
3 3 9 9 
1 9 9 $ 
„ 
2of 5 
2o14 CoUod Rood - 333472o 

' 7 * PONTIAC Tram Ami, on, pawer, 4 tpeed 
$ 9 6 9 9 
* 7 9 PONTIAC Tram Am, rn. pow.r aul* .. 
* 7 9 PONTIAC Grand Phi, loaded t. 
’7 9 FORD LTD 4 -dear, ae, pow er............ 
'7 9 FORD LTD Landau 4 door loaded........ 
'7 9 FORS LTD Landau 7 door loaded........ 
'7 4 CHEV Togo 4 tpeed GT Hefthberk...... 
'7 7 FMO Pinto Squire Wagon. VA, leaded 
'7 6 FORD Grenade Chm 4 doer ............. 
'7 9 TORO ben tonne 4 deer 
* 7 1 
FORD > IOO Sport (attorn. OX, tfendord. V 6 2 4 9 9 
'7 9 FORD FI SO (attorn, V I, aute power — 
$ 3 8 9 9 
'7 9 FORD F IOO Cullom V I, standard, rn. compar 
........ 
$ 3 9 9 9 
* 7 9 FORD f IOO Custom, IWR, A, siondor*. AAL TM 
$ 3 4 9 9 
. § ! i 
'7 3 IMC bombe I 2 deer. rn. V t, aute 

! s 4 $ 9 9 
Is 4 9 9 9 
S 4 o 9 9 
4 4 9 5 
! 4 2 9 9 
I ii 9 9 9 
I > 9 o 9 9 
119395 
1 .3 1 9 9 

1 4 9 9 
1722 Austin Highway 
’7 9 CME VT Now 2 door ........... 
'7 9 outs Curtail Siphon wagon 
'7 1 FORD Country Sidon wagon 
*7 4 FORD F I OO Super CaN pefc up 
'7 1 CME VT impale 2 door hordtop 
•74 DATSUN Coupe................ 
'7 4 RANGE! Pickup.................. 

•26-3217 

$ 2 8 9 6 
$ 4 1 9 9 
$1299 
$ 3 6 9 9 
...$ 8 9 9 
........... $1878 
........ $3386 

1 7 2 2 A w tH n H ig h w a y - $ 2 6 - 3 2 8 7 
*71 
PONTIAC Firebird ..... 
$ 1 8 4 2 
* 7 4 MATADOR W agon............. $ 1 6 8 o 
*7 3 CMI VT LoGuna 7 door hordtop............. $ 2 3 4 6 
'7 3 TORO Country Sedon wagon.............. $ 2 2 9 7 
•72 CMEYY Import, 4door ......... 
$ 1 2 9 6 
'7 9 MUSTANG 2 dom hardtop......... $ 3 3 3 3 
'7 3 OIOS Ootto RI 2 door hardtop 
$ 1 9 2 9 
*7 9 OLDS Cutlass Supremo 2 door hardtop 
$ 3 9 8 6 
*7 o NAVEDO 2 doer.............. 
$ 1 1 2 6 

H E O C X * J il l* D IP T 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 

*7 o FORD S Peu Oub We. A Sin. IM . en 
$ 1 8 9 7 
*7 3 DOOM D IOO* ton IWR PU. I. oote. 
I X. P l, A n 
.......................$ 2 7 4 7 
'7 3 AEP (usl W agone or A wheel dr, 
I aute. on, power 
........... 
$ 4 1 9 7 
*7 4 AEP Cherokee S 7 * , A wheel * , 
I aute, on pew* 
.........$ 4 4 6 7 
* 7 4 JEEP (ut! Wogeneer A wheel dr, 
I, auto. de, power 
.............. $ 4 7 7 7 
'7 4 FOK) TISO SA ton Ranger XLF P IL, 

*71 FORD f ISO ( T C , IWB Kongo. Pick up, gntGfHgttt., OM, £MMMf # $ , * * «**••*?•*«* * 
*7 1 IoRo HOD S<4 PU, I, eute, en, 
- ■ —». i r h r n n a i pee IPW’ epwwfTHPCNI i ut tippy , 
'7 6 FORD MSU Bangor .WI PU I Sin, I M. 
, fwo D 

$ 3 6 4 2 
VI, 
$ 1 9 9 9 

•71 

^ a irfi rn rAcnnai 
■MPP, trtwfmfCK Iu«>ipa 
FORD (ISO Bono.i I M P 
An. power Feta D-3 lei Cevti 
MX * Foe IM flee tad# PU auh ov.rhoat (amper 
...... 

<4 YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM O IU fJP IE ’ rn CAOHIAC 

 to 
C A D I L L A C 
C O U P S 
O d v i l l a loaded leather inter- 
■ar anconeal condition. tk4*l 
! 4S4 4 S44_________ 
1) ( udilloc C o n v o c tie Sot To 
*W»r* ” Nrt*t **A-dVII 

JAMISON Mtrt Ir.uin Iii SMI fTb'fiTrr^yi r d o . r 
OoVilie. new site. radials orio.n ai uwnor Cath IK M RIA U IS 
— 
M 'f l B ia . A M j r t . 4 d n 
New radial tires, lit! Pl* im 
I f i n f oafiii'e n 
I 'o.sTod^ T u'fT; lauded best utter AU F44t 

T i Cadillac t'D o ra d o Converti­ ble 
Lew miles, etcellenl cond 
414 COM l f ( A B I l 'lA g . T n c d ll e a l cen Ai 
Ilion, body and intoner, aam frentmittian, brand now tires' 
Needs enema IM# tit IIH 
MTE Aft! I cif YTi fTW66F ti tie will ii ade tar aeld ceint or body end tender w ort 
>4*1*11, ask tor R u th Atter 4 MI IH S 
It foeti lief Wlco~ g uT nee 4 t*a lltH* w ort New batter y. lid o Atter I; 
822 o114 
>4 Cadillac I awabi/, o n ' low mil to e * Cat! *1*1441 
I i"f I'B ITI I f ilii a ti BtVillo, new rod ml* ttctli.n l ted 11 A* 

GILLESPIE® 

2 3 o o B r w ^ w w y • 2 2 7 -1 4 1 1 
331 I k ra a d w o y • 3 2 7 -1 4 1 3 
241 1 Ir a a d w o y • 2 2 7 .1 4 1 9 
2 7& 3 $ W kUlitw ry • 9 3 3 ^ S 4 1 
3 o 1 4 OoA4o4 l e a d • 3 3 3 -4 7 3 o 
1 7 2 3 Awd Hat H w y . • $ 3 4 -3 3 8 7 

 rn-m ire________ 
^j^xSdMhMkvnaTT^viJleTfW cath Must tab this week I I H 
‘-T uo.mu, S«Jui. owner. WI .tiros law mileaa. 
H M A ** int tduWWtIVfTTTTomair taiv equiaued L ik . new 1 * H I I l l s un . wwww! , 'ji.iidab 

78 • CAPH i Ai 
T r S f W r Y R T K . 
IIC DOG call IHAoI4 
TTT6Urt8T>i Viill--- 
W hit* b ra m e istle Stcelienl 
Only V IM rn Hot o il OHS 
Ti C6o9I KIViI'lT'Iwio'eai owner low m ileepe Ilk 4AoA 
T T P f r n r i i r i i r w T — 

 rn cjtfiiuc 

 l l I L O O R A D O 6 t ir o sho.pt> 
M utt to cn tice M u t t otter Call 
M R B t N N A TY 212-4o*4 

 cart! lu k e up aevm entt ana a t turn. balance 
M r 
Bunnell 
222 8o14 

 m um m rn Blume 

 i i i 111 'OOO 

 vide mi a il * sir at lid n i l 
— 
WW 
' y i l L B f i l J L b S 
Will ten tor H IO S 14o-1414 

It 121 1**4 
(•Petit AHC NI WI 

 t i b ie e tw a e d 
B r e u e h e m o t itu a n c # lauded. I awner, im ­ maculate, 14.16o M I 111* live n - mat. MO 41o1 ur”v itvs rinTi^ifVo^f. a m d eietante * dr all o a u ip l i t O M I ar 1)4 *444 

P a g e 2 6 - D 

73o 743 AUTDMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

7 3 o 7 4 3 AUTOMOBIliS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

Sunday March 6 1977 

" [7 3 o -7 4 3 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
' 73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

— 
1 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AUTOMOBILES 
737 FOBB 

I 
JO R D AN FORD S 

GREAT 
USED 

DDS 
CHEVROLET 
7 5 
M a l i b u d r 
*31 9 5 
GRANADA 
7 5 
8 9 5 
PINTO 
73 
*2 2 9 5 
GALAX IE 
7 3 
4 . d r . 
* 2 2 9 5 
7 3 LTD 
2 - d r . 

C a p r ic e 
C o n v e r t ib l e . 
* 3 1 9 5 
*2 2 9 5 
*7 3 CHEVROLET 
’7 4 G REM LIN... 
* 2 4 9 5 
*3 1 9 5 
’7 4 PINTO W a g o n 
’7 4 CHEVROLET 
’7 5 PINTO 3-dr... 

I m p a la 2 - d r . . 
*2595 
5 2 9 5 
7 6 LTD 
B r o u g h a m 
*4 4 9 S 
7 5 ELITE 
*4 2 9 5 
’7 6 MUSTANG 
’7 5 MAVERICK 
’7 6 CORDOBA 
*2 8 9 5 d o e r . 
* 5 7 9 5 
I - d r . 

’71 PINTO 
7 2 CHEVROLET v.s. . ^ 
7 5 MERCURY Marquis 4 - d r 
* 3 3 9 5 
’7 2 MALIBU 4 - d o 
’71 CHEVROLET 
’7 5 PINTO R u n a b o i 
’7 6 M O N ZA 
’7 2 NO VA 
2 - d r ................... 
'7 o PONTIAC L e M a n s . 
4 9 5 
2 9 5 

 d r . 

*2495 

REDUCED 
OVER $1,ooo 

1977 
IMPALA 

C O U P E S 
St S E D A N S 

$ 

You’re going to be amazed when you get behind the wheel of the new 1977 Impala. Although shorter than lost year's model, Oiero's more room, more driver comfort and luxury beyond belief. 
And now, for the first time this year, Impale is on sale. 
We have several cars equipped the same . . . priced at $5269. List price on these cars is $6277.8o. So you can see these cars are reduced over $1,ooo All hove V8 engine, Hydramotic transmission, power steering and brakes, air conditioning, tinted glass, carpeting with floor mots, windshield antenna, radial white stripe tires, ap pearance group plus more. Come 
o cut today! 

C A V E N D E R ’ S 
“ SPECIALS” 

’ 7 9 m o n Gunite rWd Coup*, factory air, all 
I a r U K U power aud extras. toady to go............... 
I v a a i A r boho Royal Holiday Coup*, factory air, 
• w l U ) aft powor and tetra*, naut tiro*............. 
’73 BUICK S S S JS rJS ??’2495 i f 1 r u r i n r Moat* Carlo Caupo, factory air, oN 
/ u C H E V Y powor awd n trw , artly I (MWO miles. 
75 ToRoNADo HlSSA."1 pow,r «' 

*3495 
*2995 
Hop, factory 
, oN powor awd extras 
I*? ‘5495 
‘5795 
’76 DODGE 
.>4895 
’75 BUICK 
"T ‘4295 
’76 OLDS 
‘5495 
'73 CADIlUft 2^5«!S7:.,"’rT.*3695 
’76 OLDS 
^*".>3995 
76 CHRYSUR^.'SS;i f ,f~ ‘5795 
’7o OLDS 98 SraSftSrr*•"'>1695 
’72 MAZDA RX3 i A 
S 
? 
' 995 
’75 FORD 
'76 OLDS 

Custom, Vt tow Pickup, compar, factory air, ail powor and extras, spacial........... 
Cutlass 442 caupo, (actory air, all pawor 429$ 
*4995 

12,ooo M IU Oft 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON M A N Y O f OUR 

7 4 OR NEWER MOOELS. 
“ CONFIDENCE IS CA VENDER” 
Cavendsr Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway a 226-7357 a 226-8772 

SAVETHE 
HEADACHE 

 of Shopping for 

 bent* ihr rn i md brim; r n I home any n ■ I 

W ill finance 
Cai* M r 
Fisher 
222-861 i 

 f*™6 FORD LTD - 
Station Wagon mr conditioning 

1 o 9 9 o 9* B* k- 
O n « o w n e r. 
* 4 6 2 5 
Coll Joel Murray 

8 2 4 -7 3 1 1 D ays 

3 4 9 -1 9 6 2 E v « i i n g s j | 

67 G oloxv 5oo 
E x c e p tio n a lly clean, air, auth., 346-1316. 
___ 
73 boloxy SOO. Excenen? cond., loaded. St99S. 651-6617. 
*69 Galaxy SOO. Needs some motor 
I work. S27o. 434-o819.__________ 
' -75 Granada. Assume balance, NO 
I EQUITY! 344-7465 ofter 9 pm . i 76 GRANADA, 4-door, 6-cvlinrtof, 
, automatic, air, will help fmonce. 
I Coll Woody 433-1464 ___________ 
75 Granada, loaded! V t. Good 
' condition. $31oo-824-4o34_______ t i CHRYSLER Newport, 4 door n “ffS V N D TO RINO BR CU GH - excelient rendition. $6oo-341-4776 
2-door 
P o w er, a ir. e x tra 

735 CHBYSLtB 

42 CHRYSLER NEW VORK ER 
661 2938 ofter 5, weekends 

CHRYSLER P LYM O U TH C ITY c lean !! Assume paym ents o r * 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o at Culebro 
684-661o 
T i — 
C h r y s l e r — s t a t i o n . n Orono Tor.no 
WAGON MUST SELL. 122-1342 
7o CHRYSLER Town it Country wagon, oood tronsoor'olion. $595 
349.7674 

75 C O R D O B A 
Power, air, auto. 
Nice 
$3995. 
344-5727 
____________________ l l COR'-'ODA. You name >1 
Its 

$mal' botonee 
M r 
Bennett 
222-o986 
______________ _ 
? di v t, arr automatic, $125o 659-1o43. 
_r 
’74 GRAN TO RINO Wagon 
Take over payments, no equity call Credit Monopcr, 349 6*4B___ 
*74 GRAN TORINO Wagon 
Toke over garm ents, no f.auitv call Credit ta n a g e r. 349-6948 
'76 LTD B roushom . Like new, loaded. AM PM stereo. 
It c u x u u r * r tv 
•» 13.ooo mi., loaded. AM pm Stereo. 
SSL " ' I ^?;Ur??.,BPonoT2€!,n,!S ,2 rd ! c r ™ . control. L is t, 572o8- bo.one-- Coll G UER R A 272-o986 
75 CORDOVA, silver with blue velour interior, very clean, low m ila g e . 657 1666 
---------------j a c k fefeid'k'R--------------- 
CHRYSLER PLYM O U TH 
581o SAN PEDRO_______ 732-8211 
T o N E W P O R T sedan, 4 door 
63,ooo carefull miles. $1o9$. air, all power, 824-4612 
■76 NEW YO RK E i< B rougham , super loaded, in clu d es pow er s u n ro o f. In w o rra n tv $7695. 
453-8268 eves, weekends._________ 
67, 3oo io o rt troupe, white- black 

 the little cheeper dealer 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 
9242311 
'X 't'Z lZ 

$775 342-6922 

, Very C'ean! 
• 7 696-o3o3 

• • 9 

 sacrifice at $4,8oo. 341-o3o5. 
75 
L T D 
2 d o o r. low m iles. 
[S h a r p !! 
S a c rific e 
Assum e uavments, and balance. Coll M r 
I Guerra 222-o984_______________ __ 
1971 LTD, LO ADED! 
__________ Coll 341 3933__________ 
L T b , 
>3 4o.ooo mi 
Like new, 
1-Owner, toke up payments. Must ask tor Don Haiti. 225-45o1 
73 LTD Wagon, tope deck, new battery, radiols,brakes;$76oo 
684-8o3o. 
_ _ _ 
'73 M AVERICK 6 cyl., auto , air, power steering. Excellent condi- lion 828 J744 
_ 
Maverick 71, 4 door, auto cir, 6 
CVI..radio and healer Good lami- ly cor $95o 923-o734________ 
74 M AVERICK 4 dr., loaded Ex 
' Cullen) condition $75oo 824-8731 
TC'M AVE RIC K 
$4oo M r Jordon, 674 1A61 
T? M AVE RICK I owner, 4-door 6, lo a d e d ' 
W ard s ra d ia ls . 
A11 ret urds. $1495. 1-75$ 81o4 
73 CHALLENGER 
2-DOOR TRO PIC oL LIM E p r n e n ____________ 
-- 
Forest Greet, Vinyl mo*. V 8. OU- ! (2) 
74 M avericks 4 door $155o tom atic, power steering, power coch. ( I) 1974 Fold Torino slotion brakes, bucket seats Console, wagon, $165o. * I ) 1974 Custom and new White Side Wall Tires, 
Air 

• '74 LINCOLN 
Z& 
& 
1 -mr i m a n u w vive', moonroof, loaded p 
7 5 M a K K V ... #8H ........................... 
G 
1 ce it 
1 a / Grand Prix, ton, 
15,ooo miles, a 
7 5 r U N T lA C loaded .. #833.................... 
V 
, U l / A , . . Town (ar, ginger moondust, load- 
A t o l l N L U l n ed 
#b4l 
# ’74 LINCOLN ST.1HiSTr*?. ^ ‘4995* 
• 
’ T C I 
Bi **ar*1 
9o*1*' m r 7 
'n- 
A 
/ J l l l s w L i l eluding moon roof, 26,ooo miles >A j n r ™ 
A 
#65 
V 4 V 5 Aft gold, loaded, 29,ooo miles 

‘4895 • 
*8495 J 
*4895j 
*84951 

2246956 

O 
O 
* 

’73 MARK IV ‘“VS" 
• 74 MONTE CARLO % “ 
‘3795 _ 
• ’74 MERCURY m u “T i 
‘5895 • 
• 
SMALL CAR SPECIALS 
• 
• ’77 MONARCH ‘J T « ! !',CT 3" ‘54oo • 
• '75 GRANADA ‘ 
>3995 • 

>5995 

Im p a ! ci C o u p e 
* 1 o 9 5 
9 9 5 
* 2 6 9 5 
* 3 4 9 5 
* 1 2 9 5 
8 9 5 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 
PRICE REDUCTION 
* 5 , o o o 

 p i t 
: 
SALE 

734 CHEVfffllET 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE 
ON MOST CARS • 12 MONTHS OR 
12,o1o M itts • GET DETAILS 

434, 
VS, 
Automat* 
[ 7 7 S U B U R B A N M iM n iie a ii. awol on conal- 
Manta*, pawn* tveenng aa wa* brakes. radio, 
« M a lid»w-,th, radial ma*. HW wha#! la val 

’6 9 CHEVROLET C o p r k e 4 - d r ^ 
’6 5 PLYMOUTH 
4 - d o o r 

O u s t e r . 
*7 4 MAVERICK 
7 4 PLYMOUTH 
’7 3 SUBARU.... 
’7 3 OLDS T o r o n o d o 
SOUTHSIDE 
414 S.W. MILITARY DR. . 

*1 8 9 5 
* 1 9 9 5 
* 1 7 9 5 

Waltar pack. CS 

923-4566 
’7 o MAVERICK 
’6 5 FORD Vt t o n P ic k u p . 
’71 PINTO 
2 - d o o r . . . . . 
’6 3 FALCON R a n c h e r o . 

2 -d r., real transportation cur 

‘8 6 9 5 

I V , m o V J t T T C 
W h it* Wirt* .add le m f* Hor. 
/O LU H V t I I t 
VS, aaramatl* Iron.mittion 
MWW vVeertaa. pawar brakes, air condi- 
Wonad. radio w M ta 
*,daw oil*. 
A M / PM 
UWM HW wWooi, 19,ooo mil** ................... 
>8995 

895 
695 
71 PONTIAC 

C u s t o m , 4 - d o o r , a u t o ­ m a t ic , r a d i o , h e a t e r . . 
’71 FORD 
’75 PINTO 
W a g o n . . . . 
’74 PINTO l«door. .... 
’75 F-1 OO 
R a n g e r X L T . 
’ 7o TOYOTA 4 - d o o r . 
’73 COMET 2 - d o f . . . . 
’73 LTD 

 l l 595 
* 895 

4 - d o o r . 

*2795 
*2395 
*4295 
* 995 
*1995 
*2595 

7 6 (ORD GRANADA COUPE 

>3995 

>3995 

>4995 

4995 

176 CHEVROLET NOVA COUPE W an**ni»ion, 
4 cr Mod ar. aw u n d ttw e e f pow or .m arin a , radio. 
OWW »Ida wok*. roHy w W .it. Wurptmdy.................. 
176 CHEVROLET NOVA SEDAN l y l M e r , awlontoHc tra m m iiu m pow ar ti oar ma air con- dWtonod. cliver w ith k tn y tw d r trim ............................... 
176 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME Frowm iniow, 
SSO V t. ok ceedthoHed, pow or •Ifttr fM , pow «f brake* radio. wWito tide woH* I undo*# vinyl rap. burka* toot*, cantala, limo g r o a n ................................. 
|»T*A i i SI Ai TC / A P IA Autor-oHc h r n im in iu - 
. o m U W I t L A H I U 3so 
VS. pow or 
»taorta«, broko*. AM , PM tin t* o aro o . roily w heal*. toot*, im itate 
*ll*e r w ith burgvnrfy Ion- 

176 FORD GRANADA autom atic 
W,on»mi»*lon, 
1 1 A Q C power Mooring, aW condWionod. tllvar. radio. . . . . 
J O Y J 
176 MALIBU WAGON f Sg* 
•toorlno, powor brok e*, d r condWlonoo. 'adla. i i n n r wWWo -W e w o k *.............. 
4 Z t 5 brom o w ith 
_ vinyl top, 
VS, automatic 
Won»mi»**on, pow or 
Mooring, powor broko*. air conditioned radio, tM.rtr wttWo itd a w v H *................................................................. 
4 4 7 .S 
175 FORD GRAN TORINO J* au to m a t? Wan*. mite ion power »roar ma pow a i broke*, radio. whWa n M w d h . oat op tionall y clean. 
Mali* Gold ( « * * < * ( wok bock ck i n .............................. ' 

.T T T 
J / Y 5 
7 5 MONIE CARLO K 2 % P S rv ..'S t tontoWc WonetnWatan. pow or **o«,m a pow or brohaa, ab condlHonod. radio, w hite tide w ait*. i i i n c bucko* toot* AM/PM tape ........................................ 
4 4 Y j 
7 5 FORD TORINO SEDAN atam an* w orn- 
T& szrsz. r s ^ i i a ^ r rrr.. ‘2995 

•74 Chevelle Laguna Loaded, un iaue> 532oo C all 
344-7185. 

Chevelle M a lib u 
66 good cond 
546o M oving m ust sell 656-4221. 

.’ J C h e v e rie t Im p a la , L x te llu n t cond Low m ile a ae 653 2oo6 ofter 
5:38gm 
[ 

1*7o d h e v ro lc t Im p o la t u i i o m I 
E x c e lle n t condition O ne o w n e r I 
826 9565, 695-8o56 r » 7 t T h 1 v b 6 l E ( 
IM P A L A 
C u llo m one o w n er 
2-door h a rd ­ top 826-9565, 695 8o56 
67 C H f e v fe 6 H :3 T. K i n g w o o d ) w a g o n , lik e n e w r a d i a l i . a ir ) shock* good cond $135o 341 3982 
74 C H E V R O L E T M o n te C o«lo i w ill finance w ith some credit. Coll 
Woody 433 1468___________________ ! 
7 4 C h e v ro le t Novo V 8, a u to m a f tic. pow er, toclory a ir, new tire * 
I 77 license 
$2795 
W ill tra d # [ 
| 923 2883 
I T97I C H E V R O L E T 
, Ion pick up, 
I IW B Coll I 6*3 487o 
<■> c h e v r 6 lel v 8 A u t o 

■7o C hallenger, 6 c y l , 3 sod., runs 
QI eat1 $795 349-o545 
75 C h a rg e i, e x c e lle n t condition. 
653-8211 or 828-85o3 
'49 c h a rg e r Good condition $94$. 
Call 342 2192. 
72 C h a rg e r h o lly 2 d r i4 o V 8 ,'4 bbl , a ir, auto , etc $17oo 653-21o1. 

76 C h a rg e r i p o r t 
318. VS, a ir pum o, (uses reg. gas.) Auto., a ir, p o w e r, c ru is e , A M -F M . U n d e r 
[W a rra n ty $4895. 341-8798 

•74 C oil W agon, auto , a ir. 21-W m a g ., $2695. A sk (o r M r . Cor- nqon 652-2597, R24-8VI9 494-3332 

H D a rt S port 
V8. re a u lo r aas. 
537oo. 69o-o545 

F o rd Custom 4-door 516oo, (3 ) 71 
Fords SHOO each ( I ) 1972 F o rd 
Fconchae V an $ H 5o -’63 Chevrolet ion w ith c a m p e r, $75o (2 ) ‘72 
C h e v ro le t '» ton p ic k u p s $165o each. 923-6416 
’75 M E R C U R Y M O NTEG O 
M X , loaded, toke up paym ents, no equity, E a rl D o u g h e rty . 349-6948 

64' j M U i t A N G C onvertible 
6 8 1 -2 o 8 ) ____________ 
•65 Miustang 6 cvt., lid . excellent cond $795 658-812o ______________ 
|6 9 M U S T A N G . $95o 
351 engine, v in y l to p , a u te ., a ir , 
O w ner. 828-6646 p o w e r, t 

’74 M U S T A N G G H I A 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no eq u ity, call C redit M a n a g e r, 349-4948 
'75 M U S T A N G G H IA V <>. looded w ith extras. 537oo 674 1244. 
T I M u s ta n g C-hia 
O n ly 21.ooo m iles. M ust sell 222-1342 
74 M ustang ll Gtiiu 7 6, reg nos. 
'76 Dodge Coit C arousel V ers low!, ■ m ile * , lo a d e d . $3495. 734 -4 33 3 I sunroof, m oas lo d m ls Deco* rn before $; a tte r 5 I2*-3«6V 
[ t e n o r , A M F M s te re o 
527oC 

■; i Do J a r c o i i - g ou pe s a v e r 4 c y l, 
JO 
M P G 
$12 95 ! i97i M ustang, lim e g re en . 392 V t 
912-3856, OH 333-631o ext. 37$ 
I a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g , 44.ooo m il 

’75 PLYMOUTH S T 
* * ” ’’ 
>2895 
>3495 
T ’76 CAPRI ll 5Sr-’-w ***• " .... 
I ’75 OLDSMOBILE um “"’>2695 rn 
« ’75 MONARCH S£ 
>3895 • 
# ’74 MUSTANG 
>3195 • 
• ’76 MG S T **••'« " •*> ■ 
>3695 • 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

68 D O O C ii: C o ro n e t # v o w n e r 
[ R u n n in g c o n d ifio n , o u to . flo o r 
: shift. 318 cu rn., o ir shocks $3oo 
I or best cftei 
225-7411 E xt. 113. 

 i 56 Dodge Coronet. 65 Ford Fast i bock 289. 494-6911; 494-3164 
68 D O D G E C O P O N E f 
V S load I 43i f 4* * cd, 48,oo m i O rig in a l ow ner. $85o. 
R ic h a rd W e b e r, 534-5*45 d o v s; 
432 6616 nights 
H 
D O D G E C O R O N E T 

$ 1,3on F irm 494 6*52______________ 

'irM u s tc in g M a c h <. 351 VB. m ite alt e q u ip m en t, m oas. L ik e new , ow ner $28oo 341 2933 
M U S T A N G 1974, M u s t sell now 
W ill help finance. 
C all 
Dick 

AulO oir, $475. 226-o291 n Dodo 
C o ro n e l tu s fo m 
TTI 

535o 

75 CHRYSLER CORDOBA 

75 MONTE CARLO 

 brom a w ith baign vinyl lap, 
VB. autom at** Ire nam I* lion, pow or lin e r mg, pow er brake*, air tenth tin n ed. laOia. w hite lid e w a ilt. 
AA* ■ TAA tie 'a a U V U * to m r a l 
................. a w ith braw n vinyl 

 m n woo. pow er atoortag, pow er broko*. air tan- b t lH ilt , radio whrto r id * w a d * ............................... k4295 

73 
C H E V Y 
C a p r ic e 
E s t a t e w a o n n , 9 p a s s e n o e r . p o w e r I 
Stecrng, b lokes, Oulu a ir. $19oo i firm , 349-2474 
| 
‘66 Chew Cup! ice 
$4oo Coll 87s 1 1 o 6 j 

•76 C h e v y C o u p e H u ( c K o o /k 
, j (2 plus 8 ) , A M E M s le re o . a ir . ; pow er V8 4 3 litre A.OUOm, $42vl 
674 o27$ w k d a y l 9 -5 , *» 4 68o1 
O flei 6 m id w kynds 
73 CHEVY 4 BOBS 
• IM P A L A M e ta llic blue A utom a- J 
I tic, a ir pow er steerino, broxes. A | re e l sharo c o rf I 
. 
$2389 j 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 S W M ilita ry 922 *317 j -Ti C F !? V Y rm poTa : TiiTan 4 door- i a u to o ir, p o w e r, $99> 
VOS tin , 
) oncm g ovoiloble 214 441o 
I 
’74 CHEVY IMPALA 
2-door C O U P E 
Black w ith w hite vinyl root, outom otic, a ir, pow er 
I steering, brokes. 
E x tra d e a n 1 
......................................... 
$2989 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 S W M ilita ry 922-6H7 
*67 (fh e v y Im p a la 
B e s t o ffe r 
Call 
674 1 556 l r Th l’<i 7 ~ aAo 11 b J :' "i? f T u~Tn~ 
S35o firm 
64 C H E V 
B -lo ir 
283 co in $1/5 or best ofter 534 35>4 
Sot pod Sun ofter V OOpnv 
73 Chevy M n lib iT I o g o n a aulu a ir, a m Tm 
34.uoo m i fcxcelivnl j 
5286o O w ner s5J / f l 
1 

64 Chevy M u iiliu 35o. 4 sod 

K 

PRICE 
CUTS at.; 

B R U I C K 

Cetitwv ? dr hardtop, ou'ematit, cif. powei double checked *fA6/4?A Rat 
13495 Non 
’68 OLDS 
" 

’J I A M T I l i T i n A f f kb*. VB, automen* Ham 
/ J M W V m b I M A VV I newtea pawer ttaaHng, pawer Wwfcat. ab «em»iitew#d. tadla, w him , . . A , 
Hdawell. 
.................................................................. *2295 buck th In with beige vinyl tap. 
V *. aute-natl* irammittian. pawer •tearing pawer brake*, ab conditioned, radio, whim 
. _ . _ _ 
MdawuNt, * rut ta control. Hit w h e a l.......................... o O V 5 

75 MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN 

’74 MAVERICK 2 > d o o r_ 
'73 CUTLASS 2>door.. . 
*2395 
*2795 

174 MONTE CARLO mi Mien. 

K b W h K ^ U r y t a T ^ " ^ ~Uy'ZSZrt 
14 NOVA SEDAN *** **”4> -h"* 
***’ wi 

 tv b m a lii non* paw er tiaartag 
F fY fL .k r e k ti, air lenditianed, TwrguaHa btu# \ 

 m att* trom m itcta n, 
Hee ring, paw er b ra ka t. a b terWUt inned . s I d*db via af K % 
2695 
*74 IMPALA SEDAN Z 
* mimian, power ttaortng. power brake* ab 

 vinyl 

 b e ll otter 6tH 7241 ot i B B B H ^ J I dte'y'y M o n le C aT lo T iT v e r w ith block vinyl top S la ie o lo o * ' oil. even the clock w o rks 
M u s t I sell fast! t w o 1515 C tta b io 
' I i Chevy Mon I ti I f, l u * T H o ilh bock 
A M f M I ii a c k , lo a d e d 
Must sell' 922 4/A9 
I 
(a i i f t V Y N O V A S ( i i 
|j I 4 door 
1-2 aoor. auto a n radic low m i 
53121 aa 
73.’ 4291, P a l l i t 6733 e »e* iii Chevy Italian Alation 6 iyl 
$688 822 3641, 653-9212. 

‘P thew y H u h o n Wugon 
^9 uns sae g e r. Load*O ' 5V)o 9.-4 i»v i' th e v y bld” clean, runs g re a t' 
$48o 224 1164 a tte r 4 
IT ~ f Ti ~ V 
1 
4 dr" 

74 BUICK 
.............. s2995 
2 door hardtop, outomotic air, 
Doeror, bucket sects, extra »horp........................ I 595 
7 4 T H U N D C R B IR D extra dean, leaded ‘4995 
’74 CHEVROLET « « * » > « • • « ••*o^omot,,,o.-, „ o - poaer, blue beauty 
J T T J 
7 6 B U IC K M 
(Ombinohon. oh,. 
/ v dwives o#tomofH 
>hotp 
‘4995 

'7 1 R Iu r u 
*i',Wfo- outornutH. air power, Buicks 
/J DIMER hn#st ipgrt lot #66756 
3695 iwe r .| i i f it Ctmunr luiui hardtop, coupe, outomotK, 
/ J B U Iv ll oh power, thorouqhly reconditioned 
#42619* ....................................... 
‘ 3795 
7 5 MAVERICK 
'28 95 

7 o MERCURY S 
T 
- X i t i a S r >1895 

177 B lu n t Skyhowk, Y 6, ooicmotK, oh, special lodio. 
7 I uUIV.ll 
| DOO mdeK b"<yhe pelted. 
’ TA rU C U D A I CT 
*W*bu dub coupe, nutomatic oh, , 
I O V H IV K U III uupmol throughout 
. ‘4395 
Coupe De Ville, a reg! ma cor, fuHy 
. . . . equipped, thwoufhly double chorked 
DOTS 

I SPIRES-DOUGLAS B U IC K ! 
I i i M i M f f l M k 

 vs, power. 4-dr Sedan Vinyl root, air, excellent mechanical cond. 
658-9o72. 
45 Oo'ioe. I r v l , sta ndotd, good cond 734-8519 . 226 21oo 
’ ) r n -iae D a r t, i, io > to ry a ir , pow er steering, $2,15o 646^3562. 
•68 Dodge 2 door 6 .to n d o rd . m r 
Bargoiit, 684 1938__________ ____ 
1173 bodge Monaco 4 door boid 

1964 ’ > M u s ta n g . $1ooo O' best ofter 337 4641. 

M U S T If c - L l! 
75 IPord G ra n a d a 
O h io , lo a d e d 
V S, a ir . a m tm . 
Dower window s brakes- steering, digital clock, m a n y e th o s ! 139oo 
433 o643,435-8121 
________ 

T I Pinto one ow n er. 4o,OOO m ilts . 
$ ,ooo. » 64-3444_____________________ 

1974 P into. O ne o w n e r 
A ir, ou tom atic 
M any e xtra s 
824-956$. 
695-8o54 
75 P lN T b Runokoul loaded, w tt1 help finance 
C all 
M r. 
G arx a 
433 146* 
.___ 
72 P in to R u n a b o u t 
A u to . m r . w, ftl.n sunroof, vinyl top, A M -F M , buck- i i i i M i 
4o ooo i els. console. 34,ooo actu o l rn., ex m iles $2195 *55 4983 
T i D O D G E P o la ra . i door, pow er. outo 111oo 341 1212 
___________ 
'41 P o la ra . J dr h a rd to p , c la ik v in y l top, s ilv e r bottom blue rn. te n o r , 3*B VS, auto., a ir , pow er s te e r in g a n d b r o k e s , r a d io . he ater $69$ a ll t-438 7153 a fte r 5 

737 HWD 

 c e d e n t in s id e a n d o u t 
$ 1495 
F IR M 655-3955 o fte r 4pm . 
Jj P IN T O 4 s p e e d (8 9 $ R U N 
A B O U T Best offer 655-5255 

1 '74 Pinto w agon 
E x c e lle n t. Low m ile a g e , a ir . ro d io , c le a n 
Bv ow ner 521oo 34 ) 484?_____________ 

74 P IN T O W agon, outo. fa c to ry 
I a ir. 11895. 923-6336 
74 P in to w a g o n 
BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
H 
M 
Toke up paym ents w ith q u a lifie d fln p n cV M r G u e rra 222 o984 

U llin 
I ow ner Coll: $94-6312 
~T~T ’ tiiR D a ll p o w er 
S u n ro o f 
[C leanest1 S acrifice! I ll help you 

LOW f m m r w 
MILEAGE 
\ R E N T A CAR \ 

 c re d it 
A pplications a ccep ted bv 
; phone. No a p p lication refused 
I M R 
E A R L 
227 I 4 I $ | 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio 
Coli 
227-oooo 
By ow ner* ' T i F o rd ~G ~ o »n' ' Too* air. pow er steering b ra ke s, v ery clean. SITTS 147 778o t v 6 w n e , 
' f r 'T o rrn 'p- ' n T T T' 
611 34oo afte r $ w eekdays 
Classic 1b T h ir d , 4 door loatfecf 
' e xcellent condition, a m E M s te r­ eo, o v e rh a u le d engine. I o w n e r. ; 
: $28oo F IR M 126-3214 a tte r 4 pm 

72 C O lifiT ftV S Q U IR E W A G O N 
E x tr o s ea ts 
F u ll p o w e r. V e ry clean You n e ed * T han I need iou 
COH Ron 222-o966 
49 b a lc o n W a g o n good shape 
841899 7? I 336 233. 
'»> r 6 f c 6 'g 6 U R T f t V i T B A U i S ta tio n W a g o n 
A M F M S ttm o 
< $3495, 341 1425 
74 ^ o rd E lite A ir, pow er. Landau v in y l lop 
S a v e r and b u rg u n d y . 
A M radio $4/oo 
727 5453 O der 4 

T A ^ R b b L l f g --------------- loaded $395o. 224 o291 l/V T o T a I rite " P c r fo llT o ,,'<M.on 

’ / t m r ^ . F u lly lo u d « J , m oon roof vm vI top. 5325o 333 3o7? ti T B ird, hardtop. <ooded 7o.ooo m i. clean $79$. 341 o296 
7 3 t h un'6~e 5Y ird— a— 7t7gT a ll e le c tr ic a n d p o w e r, w h ite - w h ite , o m tm , 8 tr a c k s te re o 
P e rfe c t c o n d itio n . 37.ooo m ile s 
One ow ner 673-o437______________ 

'76 th u n d e rb ird poi feet condition 
$72oo Rick H a rp e r, 349 3471 n ro R ih ifr bR~6 U 7 H~A M ? 7o g " 
11, lull a 684 /659 eves 

^3 Torino G rorid S p o rf.'V i, o u Ia , pow or, o ir $155o. 648-oo21 
/ i T O R IN O W agon, looded 76,o3o m l S29Uo 494 4157 

’74 IMPALA 4d o o r . 
*2895 
74 IMPALA 

», Hit wheel 
4 door ha rdt op, bin e , VO. autom at** pow or 
Mooring, 
‘2695 

 o ir , 
52,o9o milos 8888 R I D D ll r i ' E W v v V ega 

o u id 

1 oiTiTi 

•4D D D 

* 5 1 5 o 

* 5 * 9 5 

W o w , Do W e H a v e A D e a l F or Y o u r 1 

GEY ACQUAINYID WIYH NEW MANAGER SALE 
DON HAM FLEEY SALES MANAGER 
VfXtfS 8844134 18/8 I t OWN CUTLAS* SUM IN t 11 SOC mitos Bucket toots, camote, 
AM radio, mags Fgamt brghet. ftoannf. Automatic, ow ............................................. 
SIMIS 9548/S 18/4 K V M CAAN M f* 22,3oo Mio* lucbot coats, camote. AM FM 
Stereo, TW whoa!, pa war windows, mag*, paexar brake*, t leer leg, ow, autamgth , . . 
SUMS #18o13 18/8 OtANO* M UM M , 3o,8oo mites, /awee sleeting. AM redie. oir 
CRmA HIUID widA NR ILA II TLF A 5 
SUMS #44138 if 76 MLN CUTUSS SUMIMI WITH WHtTI Vmy! to UMOAU tog 24^1oo mites AM lodm, mags, pawor stoocmg, brake*, air used* noised, aa lama Ik, banck taal with arm rest . . ‘4 5 5 5 
Vt KUS #44114 18/4 VIUOW CUTUSS SUMIMI with White Vinyl tap. 12.ooo mites. 
AM >odm, mags, pawor staateag. brab#*, aw cendstienod. bandi soot with arm rest ........... * 5 5 3 5 
SIKHS # 8 *o Ti 18/8 UL VHI (MAN MHK 3o,8oo mites SUNKOOf wit* vinyl LANO AU top /awol win flaws, bonds rent with ores reft, btl wtsooi, aviso control AM-IM starea. mags, pm striping , .* 5 5 5 o 
SIKHS W88o4K 18/4 MUI MAN HBI, btu# vinyl UNoAU lap. 33,7oo mites, bucket soots, (aasate, BH wheel, cruise control, AM IM stereo, mays, pin striping ................................ * 5 4 5 o 
SUMS #24o34 18/4 SHYU /ACU, 75,SOO as dos, bucket toe Is. air c anama ned, natomotK, poorer t rear mg, AM redte, luggage r e # , whits Pde.oH flie s .................................................... 
* 5 4 o o 

W I H A V ! A F IW OF OUR '7 7 M O D U S THAT ARE N O W 
BRING PULLED FOR SALE SUCH AS: 
SERIES #47oo6 19/7 SUVER BUICK REGAL 11,1oo mitps. 6o-4o soots, crim# control, AM radio, powor stooling, brokes, oir ewTemotic.............../S O S O 
BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
3 3 B H i . LOOP 4 1 o 
SA N A N T O N IO , T IX AS 
SCf D O N HAMI FLttr MANAGER________________________________ 
3 4 9 - 5 4 4 1 

73 PONTIAC VENTURA COUPE S£k J# top 
VB 
. lete—* jttc tvnmmKslan. pow et steevtag, ne—et Srakst. air cendMiened. radio, 
—♦••ta mo— *,ti* .......................................... .. 

73 PONTIAC GRAN AM a-i*n ar now ** 
* iee> mg. tendtiterwe radio, arbJie 'tid a w a il* tfa ie e rape bucket t o o t s ....................... 
7 3 FORD TORINO COUPE 

 powor (toering, pow or broke*, air cottonta il* U rwOM to u r tidwwaPe ............. . 
................................................ 

 w 

‘2695 

‘2295 

‘2295 

‘229* 

»raark,g ye ae* bree et 

 t cceitenl 
Iran law m u«t 655 1614 
I T T gW TV YVS $456 or p m t'dH^T i 924 6751 i 68 Chevy IV ii; ti " v t a ufo radio 
! heater oir »6>> 924 5996 
! T r f K e'yenne lo a d e d 
O E H 
’ Must self! 1 /62 3676 
: 
Clean 1976 Used Cars AT 
“ i BU DGL I MENT A CAR 349 6443 i 111 N E. L oup 41o at Airport Blvd. 
69 Green 4 door Chevy auto . air" 
I $4Do 714 4274 
1 4i IMP A t A, dean, rn oui, needs 
; TUU* up, Fgr mid 479 7649 9 to 9 
T?W A L A beiuxe I d o m 'E w V 
IUD 51895 Atter 4 pm. 653 1933 
7 rTsd Aal a 
---------- 
Assume payments, 924 5626^^ frT m p ala 4 ooui 

FIFTY 1976-’77 

SUB COMPACTS CMO MID-SIZE and 

SEDANS WILL BE SOLD THIS WEEKEND AT 

NEAR WHOLESALE PRICES!! 

Ill (ors inept Sub (ompocts Have /OWN STI UWC MD /OWtl ASSIST 

 i IKAKtS AU MAYI All AM) MMT NAVI AM IN SHILO 

OPEN EQR INSPECTION BUNDAY— CAII 341-1211 

AM FM, new tires Speed control ' 
69U-S554 after 4 wkdavt; anytime 
Wit EM Mis m ' Ford P U6 Cusiom 'l '* * 16o 
Engine Md Rower *5i 6')52 lib /'dfeb (Salaxie $66. to air. potter steering, new tires, good cond $75o 653 2156 eves 

7 3 8 * LINCOLN 

 rutty a q u m p e .i. n o t on ly 
2 2 ,o o o m llas. 
$ 6 9 7 5 
— o w n a r w ill fin d ite *. 
C ell te a l M u rre y 
> 2 4 7 3 1 1 D a y * 
3 4 9 - 1 9 6 2 E vening * 

74 FORD GALAM 5oo 
•' UM R I 
White, white vinyl rom 
Automatic air, pawer steering. 
Cl u k e s .............................. . 
52989 
M C M R H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIOE 
1961 s W M iln o rv 922 >3t7 

72FoRoGALAXIF W 
2 door COUPE 
A utom atic, air, p o w er s te e rin g , D ra k e s 
AM radio Light blue 
. . . . . . 
.. SI969 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
■ I N ) SVU M ilitaiy 9 22 -63 I7H 

18ft CON TIN E NT A l M A R IT W 
Mhite witn white vinvl tup Fully loaded With a m FM lop! 
Cruise control Leather interior Alumin urn wheels, etc 33 OOO miles Will sacrifice tor 5825o 661-426* 
71 Continental 4 dr . new radials, m ottler, shocks, alec stort Im maculate Like new li-oitier int 
522oo 453 3794 lin e oln Continental 1971 4 door sedan. air. full pawer, vinyl top, leather interio r. $2195. 725-2485 ask tor Betty M eyer 
~‘T F~ FTC o l*N T rioo r by owner 
Loaded, blue white leather inter 
*♦ r6 6 B C olo.!, i d io i ouio 
8727 AIRPORT BLVD. 
I block south of Loop 41o 

7 3 4 
D t tV R O in 

63 CHRYSLER WINDSOR SIOAN f t menu 
S w w iWilm, pawer tiering, pawer bruke*, arn t ortoni —ted ra d*#, wbwa ttdaw ad*. 
I 
86.oo6 "Ute*.................................................. .. 
M IS S IO N 
C H E V R O L E T 
I 2 o o S .I. M ilita ry 
PHO NE 
9 2 4 - 2 3 1 1 

T ff-e p u e 

Seville, tv/7, lauded learner in­ ferior. custom point, J,589 mi 
Must nett ou* ta illness, sacrifice 

 rn m m u \ i t E J ii!, USog'on " C T e^Y ek! otter Id M a r en 14, See at H IO S 
Fiores 
DABILL l l H H K ’ i m 
* 

 rn c n F V M i n 

 trode tor sn loll cot 344 4142 r-F fin ig ri 4 nu Ffd rtv rt fir ? * air newer spoiler Group 5599$ or oast o Per 
A Mer 
$ p m 
435 6197 
« _ _ _ iiJ u d a J 
A b o v e black tap 

MMR i f CAC 
•72 CH IH 
22,889 mi , Itbe atta. 
344-4819, 369-2697 

 m s s . m m 
* L . J 
P 
C 
C L I . 
Has mreryreingtt 
341 M il 
226-7221 
11 Pelts AND NI HUS 

TTTDCriT?- a i e l u n , 
S ilv e r il l «*V5 337 n u 
75 C B tirB LY! Bau'tt pocfcg>8. power air, duels, exelient rand uduil ownar 223 /4/4 6»* >91? 
!U C k H k lk t r i cyfTnitie7~V T 
FULLY EOUIPPKO 141 1425 
> r C om oro T ype I T 
‘ I i i yin o«73 red, fully lauded 221-9142 

(J Ca m a r O Y I aula. air, pawer steering, only 54,989 im $1595 
IHS BWOAOWAY 
223 1549 i i tam *ie Cunveilible! I cyl , uuto., trange end while, good condition Cleon inside 221-4131 ext 71 after 5 38 353 1986 ifT F B T C T e m f lTH m U.65<* mile* I uua* d must kelt. toke up payments Must ask tar Dan Haiti 
225 4S8I 

Aula. ar power steering White vinyl tap. blue exterior $i9v$ 
828-53U 
Copr ice 4 ii", kiach, air ! newer excellent 511o8 492 2844 
TonVpu I dear 
Pawer e v e ry th in g !! stereo. cruise, tilt wheal 
Assume payments and balonea Call Mr bt-linen ..invite 
T fT K e v e ile I dr 

""eilenF mileage, $4,995 434-8837 
W ia n il'iK huVJloc-pJwvT gtr auto SI295 435 7473 ii itnpala VI. outo uir, new tiresl 
$499 233 2345 otter $ t i Kin as weed (Mug a ii br ig awner, gaaa land., pawer, steal radials tl»»8 821 BOM 
•~ T TTTCr 8 f M 6 T lIB iy »... lf you have a Job and $2o9 
We Can SELL You A Cont 
CLARK S AUTO SALES 
IOU WEST Ava 
734 /949 
TTM o iih u A ussie" i i r -g u i r 
3 dr . a ir, Still in W arran ty 
923 182S after 5 
T e 'AAA I ’ll U gTXTTTT i i bv.' 
Asuume paym ents and $4242 balance Call GUERRA 222 898s 
— 
'(4 M A L IB U f !o is ic.lu o deT"*‘~ 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IN 18, I int north ut Boerne, ■ 

68 Malibu navy hwe, white vinyl 
_ 
| lop 
Aute arr buckets 
1185o 435 1641___________________ 
_ 
*5 hiaiibu"SS"'"Fartty restored ow needs work Potential Beauty! 
^■SSBO ar attei 498 <3/6 
^ T M T n & L Slotion Uagon 
223 *34? 
Tl?$, fully lo« J 

NO EQUITY 
73 CAMARO 
_________ Cob 914 5426 
TY NOVA Coupe VI, automatic air pawer steering, good condi hon 5149$ 
_________ 
1115 BROADWAY 
‘s’? - NO VA" 4 .1, 
VS air 
$1775 
M i n i i u ~W o g ^ r ed Will help finance Ceil Mr 
; Qpno 433 1444 
’ o i.*u 'iku W agon 
9 passenger tooded, 12,98o mi Lika new 55o75 
454 4428 
}TJXmTanxr6------------ 

Laadad, coit ret 39» 
>4 tAonte turle, black, while Ion doo tap, low m ileage, laadad. 
146o9 461*2)41 
^ragw rrcA R La » : w t t auto loo dad Bucket seals 8<8M 
IHS BROADWAY 
223 1549 

7 6 M O N T E C A R L O 
Fully loaded, toke over payments, ne emwty, Jerry Parrish. 

 mileage 
Looks- runs 
19$ f t 

Tow 
G reat! 
It 19$ 227 81o7 732 $291 
IT N S V I ’H ATgM IA gk V 8 aa tamuiii pawer Clean!! Easy tin ahead 
Must sell 
Mr 
227 99** 

VI, oir $$9 5 97 ) 5J14 
' TTT » . T 'g ai"o i.r "Uo i duo.1 power steering brakes Automo j tic, air 6oo V I 11375 953 9429 i 71 FaidGalaxie >M Needs some 
• work interior perfect Sell cheap! 
6 /4 8 11>4 ti FORD (Scan (anno Spnrf. ou- to air power 46 9Uo mi Considei hud* 661 4511. *84 5764 aves 
— in ........ 'f I' aa. wi—wa, ut. • a ■—e- 
1 *71 P in ts TP, OW, DO wet tv**/trio 
Dr ak et low mi, $o*6 234 ©SVD t i f6 R b LTO fraguham n uw 
223 1 549 m ileage, excellent. 
E xtote 
H 
23S 5781 ext 235 ti Furd' LTB' Biu'uehum 'TT "u'u 

 lien 51*oo 82* 488o day or mphi 
T f r n T O I V E a«er LoaoJr 
Stereo, leather 
Take up payments. And assume small huionte Call Mr Levme 722 o98* 
‘YI luiui!', 2 Jr Block ret., guoii tires 5I4V5, with CB 7 34 9V64 
71 I ‘ncoln Town {uupe. Mint cone 5o,999 nu $3989 341-2448 

MARKU! im m aculate condition $2459 
455 4647 atter s pm 
YI MASK'111, Keo! nice, ioaiUX, must sell newt Despot ate 5299o 
824-8711 loo,nile power, rectory oir Very , T $ AAoVli IV Ykecelaie brown taw mileage Exceptionally clean ,diamond tire paint Lann re tap ll license 
Bt l»S 
WU! 
*23 2*83 f i T S I f t IT O . W e a r 
TI Nova Si. low mileage, must Landau toot !* w h i r r 
■ 1 4 * 3491 
I i Far J l i b ex cc TI» n Tc en J sob Call offer 5pm 484 3421 
Y ^ e ’ovJf1 ooym TrfrS TTreK rT; 
$2.7o8 must set) 456 42/1 
Neva Ne eauify Cab 824-768* ask tar Dennis After 8 coil 454 4321 y*~W (SA l-'ikwr, oufomafic, air rry y jT TP'i ^ aa"Ti,iWrei': loaded E xtra clean 824-8o8*. dflgr $ 6$6-SMI 

 truae with moon root Aluminum wheels ana luxury group interior 16,8*9 mi Many mere EXTRAS! 51o.5oo ll 648 35*3 after 4pm 
^1" WAB i i 'IV ixcell.nl cen iii Ii un. 
I 653 9284 Alter 4PM 
Si Alik IV TTY! Tully equipped excellent cand 539*5 3447122 
7i-MAM^' tV loaded, solid black 

34* 4*4* 

 a r $ a n - 
$ a e n . - » x xx,* T i m U G rid Landau " I xc*T tent condition S34V5 826-6355 after 
7 *96-o383 
TTkAPNTF Carlo, ‘ilxa new'TAuil sail Will help finance Call Men uel 433 1*64 
T Y 

 soiiutt Assume payments, end TYTFToTd L f6 StotTon wagon, w j , taler tor, 341-4134, sm*bl balance 
Mr 
Bennett leaded complete Bl I SU 4*6 8771 
. _ , 
222-8996 
' 
Ti Vaeo Excellent condilion new fOdiOls $656 53) 14o# 
7 T W 5 T c r $ 7 3 o r — 
’ 

(I Fora LT5 V i ouloniolic 
WARK' v <« /1.' I1.MI miles power, rectory air. AM FM stereo 
I f f m i 
■ tape. exceptionally clean ti 
7J Mark IV, wMte 45 UCO <n. Hew license Bt Bds Will trode 923 2885 michelins, 15288, '78 Continental 

OPEN SUNDAY 127 P M 
1*7*' 
(Io .s k Wagon hST,' aute electric windows, locks 
Radials 
18,988 miles 
633-8562. 
633 2797 

76 MALIBU CLASSIC 
Aglematic. ell power steering brokes LIKE NEW 
54789 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
1*81 I W Military 733 4317 
•;i' M uiiku Classic 
6 rfg in o l owner must sell worth $5,9oo 
Soc ritice $399 $ 82o )285 
Vi Malibu 4dear. a\f, BuW Ex cullenl cenditien! 828 4355 oner 
7 *86-8183 f TCTXT I I U i deer* le k * up pgymenis, 924 6*71 
' l l MBbku I lr iwrdtop. oui*".', leaded, clean 8IU93 343-88*2 ■ I 

U .n le 
C e llo 
C 
142 4214- utter 4 34* 9479 

 y r 

 ladeif. 

Mark 341 M il 
T r 7-ui5 CT WAgun"Auii" sler.' o tapedaai, extra clean 
$1458 
513 3378 
TY V IS A H alckisaV n r .W m T aute >1988 342 78*4 i i Vega fiatcliback 

*23 M il 
>1758, perfect cond 344-3881 lyyrrora'ftduerWYr wyg '- fi fiCTgir ’n Ooii iv. b» owner 

E » ceile til 
4 SPO $18o9 Att 5 651 U lt i m i r w & 'i kAMBACU. aula. an toke up I excellent cond 
17,BUU rm $1995 
I *24 248U 
Y TV ega 41,188 nl E T T t W . 

Trams un ,uT*igits’m. nzm f.iLf •** bo'o,,t• new pawl, stand, awner. 432-4358 
*' 

 payments call 924 *6/1 
TTTrMS f lf t f Ti l ' J T C T IYf l T 
Extra clean!! 82*15*5, 4*5 ids* w m urenvrz------- 
Like new $1258 694 5313 
Monte Carle Landau, air power steering brakes, vinyl rout new tires, $1888 best offer 
736 33o1 
"74 H U N T T (Tft id L A N I ATT” 
536oo 822-8279 
--------------JTTXbVT t-------------- 

 a T i l ¥ ~ « T ^ r ~7r S' *"* 
...... " " " ‘ MWWI 
'■•'■rev. H « it » t*s 
MUST s t i l t '/I Menlo Assume sume paym ents, end BIBBt beience. 
Cab 
Mr 
Bennett 
222-898* 

 go UU cs clean S88o *92 9543 

736 CbkYgUk_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

I 
B K M U M S I8RS INC c h r y s l e r s p l y m o u t h s 
OUOGE end OMC PICKUPS 
623 Ne Mein Boerne 2*9 1564 
DIRECT LINE 
226-5515 
'Ti C M R V iL lffllfW P ftA f toT torn 3 deer Power, stereo As- 

 racbo. 8 track $2795 I 772 55$) irrw re HUIT ANC 7 'f 
STANDARD. S4S9 92? 3836 
7? gq i b 'T A1BP---------- 
J doer hardtop, VB. cruise control a m tm s te re o ta p e , m e a n re e f. a lu m in u m w h e e ls p o w e r d o e r larks, an (E m o te centi el. Puwer si>-cli ny brokes seels, w indows 
G rey vinyl roe# gre y Hi XRT V in 
( • n o r c a i p e tm g fa tly le a d e d 
17,889 nu e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
*92 2/52 , 224 1831 

 very clean, wiH accept used car in trade 727-5195 ai 6*u ul$2 

 rn m iB ry B Y 

Aller 5 ill 
7TF6W T ^ g S T 
5459 trade. 342 2893 cuiidi) ■ 

I 72 Comet Aute, air, power steer - mg 
FM stereo Itiu ck 
$ioo6 
824 119* 
COMET, 75. 2u,gag nu ogre, air. radio, power steering, brakes 
Like new LL IP ae, most ask tor 
Dun H mr H i m I____ el COUGAR, gale. aw." excellent 
Cana iv owner $!A6o/i ti COUGAR, loaned 
Extra n<ce. $41-3933 
_______I 
... 
.I 
■ 
I i n Leu aor VB, aula , pawer, vinyl 
78 FORD Wagon, rod re, Hooter, top, radiate. Very geed cond. geed transpoitotien. financing , s7259 jig98*4. 
________ 
‘ 
,-y c uegar xR-f!*][|i Cleveland. power steering, brukes Air. ag tumghc. $97$ m m \ 

<#vuiicjbte $495 224 4419 c i f ORD .V'Cuupe, leeks, runs 
Mod $49$ 732 3824_____________ 
4 J * Goioxic,1 power stpariRB, air, new tire*. 
396 
VB, et cond, 
343-I8k9 

 ti Cougar XB I Laadad Balance 
$6*41 Assume payments Call; 
Guerre, ?72 8986 ____ j 

Mr. Goodwrench Specials 

Oil Change & Lubrication Specials 

• Includes 5 qts. engine oil & install new A/C oil filter. 

• Lubricate chassis including hood. trunk & door latches and hinges 

• Check other 
^ 2 7 

 fluid levels. 

’ ' 
■- :>'fV 
C om olete 

Specials g o o d th ro u g h M a rc h I 5 

 on G M cars & trucks only 
TINDALL & SON 
PONTIAC-GMC, inc 
3915 SAN PEDRO 

o. R. MITCHELL DODGE 
TRUCK HEADQUARTERS 

12oo BROADWAY 
22> 

Keep that Great GM Feeling with Genuine GM Parts 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
TRUCK CENTER 

7 2 4 2 S A N P E D R O 3 4 1 - 2 2 5 1 

TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 

46oo SAN PEDRO 736-1561 OR 736-1 568m.. - 

125-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCH. LABL! 
W IT H O U T 
• A T I CHANG E 

S n n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N t W S — 
S u n d a y M a r c h 6 1 9 7 7 
73o 7A3 A1PoMoEIIF5 
74} . TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 746 - TRUCKS I CBMMERCIAl 
THAU I RS BUSES 
I i 7 S T X T pI'-llliD Auf* 
OI?, aux. fuel tanks, com par cavar. 
63IM AID-IMT 
'?$ *O R 6 L« ton Ranger V L T, V i, auto air. low ml. MASO, call Jim, 
MMS11 
> r E 5 fe D I , I o n ! I s p e e iT W 
. 
SHOO. Call Jim, M MS11 ti P6ft'b Vs tan, V*--------- 
4-speed, SIMS. Call M I -ASH 
~ T 5 V 6 ~At' Tw 1V ?^ f e w ------- 
Witt! Detroit 471 anoine. I t speed transmission. 4SS-31o1, 451-41?* v r r s g B v A tf- g i s* lo o d t d i 
15,ooo miles N ic e . IMPS 337-344* 

OPEN SUNDAY 
12:oo TO 7:oo P.M 
IMPALA 
* . a h p a 

NOVA t 
2-D O O R C O U R I , 
* 

L O A D E D !) 
..................... 

MARQUIS 
BROUGHAM % 

1oADEDIIlight green, white viny) top . . . . 

’7 7 F O R D V A N 
E-ISO, lake up payments, na equity, BHI Thomas, 344-4*4* 
-T n r y ? v ol>T g r v i s t^ u o r^ 
A l *1345 337 344* 
U t r 7 6 » t ) VAW. fexiro clean11 
124-ISM. 495-oo5* 

'74 E 6 « d 7 A ti:' 6ood Vime fe'o- chme"l 17,ooo miles. SMM. Fin­ ance no problem. Call Mr Bennett 
122oM4 
__ 
71 F IRO Van, ll passenger, ou- tomatic. air, must sell. Will fin­ ance Cell Woody 433 1444 it Ford Van V I. auto, radials, bed, carpeted, paneled. Stereo 
*23oo *4474o5 
7o F o rd ^ a n . U l, a u to ., a ir , tam per equipped plush *94ISSI. 
‘TA FO RD VS. loaded, com ped 
$27SO. * 5 3 -4 4 4 1 . 
_ 

 iv y 
DISCOUNT 
OFF W INDO W STICKER PRICE 
ON ANY PICKUP IN STOCK r C) 
Good Supply of SPORTSMANS, VANS 

V T and RAMCHARGERS 
^ at SUBSTANTIAL DISCOUNTS! 

MONTE CARLO. 
LANDAU, 
V 
Fully Loaded!!.. - 

TOYOTA 
CELICA IT 
$ 
4-speed......... 

FORD LTD 
. 
BROUGHAM $ 
2-door hardtop 

32 f t G O O S E N E C K 
Am Fab to c la ry built, tandem axle, dual wheels, 7Soxi4 rubber, romps, SMM. *4 5-4111 
TA ftM B 'l f S r^ / t p n T e o ^ w celient condition, extra tanks In­ sulated camper shell. 
Coll 
124-4*o5 
71 6 m 6 H IS H i l f f t l X -------- 
Leoded, only $144oo 
S II W EST AV.__________ 735*311 
■ti d M C Sierra O rond. louden comper shell, 4**-22IS, 
— 
T J T S J s r r r m i n ^ a — i 
Clean, below beek >32 4443 
I 
"fT OMC i foSTtlual wheel pickup I 
Still m W arranty MSM call J im .1 
MI-4511 
72 o M C 'ito n S ierra, auto. a ir. pawer SI4*5 413-4334____________ 
‘TAofeC W indo* Von. E xira nlC8 
New plates. sticker. 
S4l*5 
1-751-3441______________________ _ 

COUGAR 
XR 7 __ 

FORD GALAXIE 
2-door 

HARDTOP ............ 
6ooo TIMES VAN 
~ 
! ! ! 
LOADEO il 1,ooo miles Must sell. I 
Call John MI-o211 
M 9 . IM 
6 i ^ N 'g r m 
-a~TiTugR' ^ L g T J 
O 
IM IO and W W White Hood 
1 " 
____________ Ml-4121_____________ 
H 5 
S u per 
BTIde 
'74 
Low miieope. excellent. 
527oa 
653 4447_________________________ 

 in te rn a tio n a l T ru c k s 
71S Stoves Ave. 
SM-5471 t i ’ Vinier notional t i* * series wlWi 
2o' drive In and Uh pot* 4547*44 
TI f H T T T T T R VAN. A c y l', sKct 
Stuff SoIS *33-413* 
"*» tffT K l T I 'A v < l A L L, i i 'H T I 
Coll Jim, M M S I I 
• n j i e R 7 J ) ' i a . 4 Cy i , ^ ^ T hubs Excellent 454 334* after *_ i 

J E E P , *78 CJS with brown Levi top and seats. Less thon 13.ooo mi. * 
4*o-*43o after S pm 
•17 JIJAM V; A Wheel d m 
’ moT* 
Md Lest thon 5,ooo. m i. E v ery option available List new, 8*4oo 
Will take St SOO or consider trode 
494SS33 anytime. 
“ I C T S I T iT S B T M g N t L A U " 
M O D EL H E A V Y D U TY 
D IE S E L TB U C k TRACTORS 
_______ 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
B i 
1 7 N ,» M 
H 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TRUCK 
V * 
SALES ANO SERVICE 
™ 
\ 
FO Box 411 HoHettsvllle.Tx 
I 

L e a s * O o « ra to rs W o n te d ! 
! f ® 
3-axl* Tractors and Trollers 
» | 
624-7273; 333 5194 l f 
NEW end U i#"6 Bumpers Llpht weipht to heavy duty For all silos ■ ■ 
, of pickup trucks *24-4551 IO? New • K 
Foredo Hw y____________________ H 
- 

 sn? - mm hows lilt s rn vrn - n m honls sails m \ 
IF TOURE THINKING ABOUT 
A N€W NOOR HOME, 
THINK FAST. 

OLDS '/u oerro A* Custom, 4-door h a rd to p , 455 V I, a u to , p o w er s te e rin g , b ro k e s , a ir . R a d io , clean. *75-1774 
75 Olds Bello SS tiglons deluxe 
4oo C 
U oulo., air, paw er, AM- 
F M rodio, tape, cruise control. 
Trailer pkq , new tires , CB S42So or make ofter. 1-42S-3287. 
71 6 L b T b e l'tg l l " 44:5^8 rn.' clean 
1-owner, 
2-tone, 
SHOO. 
4SS-714*__________ 

I DOOR F IR E RE D 
With block vinyl root Stereo, air, power steerinp. b rakes, power windows. New raised letter tires. 
Automatic. V -l. 
Must D rive To Appreciate! I 
# 8316 
1 9 7 7 NEW DODGE 
D I OO PICK-UP 

★ Heavy Duty Clutch Ar 225 Cubic in. 6 
Cylinder Engine, * Heavy Duty Radiator, and Cooling System it All Direct Reading 
Gauges, if (5) H 78-15 4 Ply. Blackwall 
Tires, if 6 1 o o G VW Pkg. if (Uses Reg­ ular Gas) if Power Brakes, ★ Electronic 
Ignition System, Ar Excellent Vehicle for 
Commercial and Personal Use. 

'74 COUGAR XR7, loaded Sliver. red interior. 455-67o5 eves______ 
•7* Coupor XR 7 Silver, power, air, 12,ooo ml SS2oo *28 8878 
73 COUGAR XR 7 Spor*. I owner, excellent cond. Low mileage Ful iv equipped. 535oo 344-1134______ 

Used Cars From Our Rentoi Fleet 
(1974 Used) 
1331 SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
For int ar motion Coli lie *6*5 
7o Marquis Brougham Excellent cond., 4-dr., air. pood tires. SlOSO. 
454-2715. 
_______________ 
1*4* Mere Colony Pk. Wooon. full power clean, IO pass 4*4-5*24 
74 M ER C UR Y Coupar XR7. Ful 
Iv equipped, brow n, w hite lop. 
337-44*5 , 337-7324, 
M E R C U R Y 
M A R Q U IS 
1*72. 
74.ooo miles U k e new, LO ADED, 
Take Up Payments Must ask For 
Ooh H aiti 225 PSO I_______________ 
'71 M ercury M arquis *2.ooo ml., 
FM . a ir. auto., pow er steerinp. brokes S119S. 4o1-12M or M I SOI*. 
■7S M ercury Marquis. 4-dr., I* .OOO ml , A M F M stereo tapa. V in yl roof. pow er air. P e rfe c t cond. 
*41oo 473-24o2 _________________ 
73 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS . tultV loaded. om-tm tope. 
S3 OOO 
4*4-3424. 
_ 
,'64 M ERC U R Y M onterrey. 3 tone. 
F2oo tS ^jS M evtfc----------------------- 
!‘7S M ercury Monarch Ohio. V-*. oulom atic. pow er, facto ry a ir. 
AM FM stereo, one owner Very low miieope. '77 license 842*5 w ill 

UP TO ^ 
^ 
$75o ITASCA REFUND 

Custom accessories for V o ns, 
Pickups, mini trucks, R V 't 
From small installations ta com­ plete Von Conversions 
1o722 P E R R IN B E IT E L 45* o44o 
---------------------FTC R D F--------------------- 
'74 Dodo# "j tan, 34o e n fin *, air. radio, new tires, only ie.oh* miles 
S31oo firm Owner. 473-oo4o______ 
The First 7 o buyers o f a n e w Itasca, From February 2 5 through 
M arch 2 7 , 1 9 7 7 w ill re ce ive a $ 7 5 o cash re b a te on th e C 25A 
M o d el, $ 5 o o Cash R eb ate on C 2 7 A , C 27A L, and th e C24C 
M odels, and $ 3 o o Cash R eb ate on the C22C and th e C25C 
M odels. The S e a fa re r and S unflyer lim ited m odels a re e x ­ cluded. M a k e yo u r best d e a l w ith a p a rtic ip a tin g Texas d e a le r, then present this coupon fo r yo u r refu n d . 

AUCTION SALE 
U.S. POSTAL 
VEHICLES 

D o t * A T i m * o f S a l# : 
M a r c h 9. 1977 — 1o:3o A M 

• I — J e e p , V i t o n — 197o 
• 2 — F o r d , V i t o n — 1971, v o n 
• l l — IM C , VV t o n — 197o-71 v a n 
• I — IM C t r a c t o r , g a s o h n a — s in g la a s i a 
• I — t r a ito r , 21 f t . — tin g le a x l e 
• I — S e d a n , P l y m o u t h , 1972 
• I — S e d a n , F o r d , 1971 

INSPECTION: Day bater* tale - 
S OO AM-4 oo PM 

 om6 Say et tola — 1:oo AM — until set* 

Call 2 2 9 -5 9 4 o -4 1 -4 2 -4 3 
LOCATION: 646 S. M ain A vo . 
(Nat’l Guard Parking Lot) 

P I C K U P S 
'7$ F O R D 'iT , lone wide . .. S174* 
73 C H E W E T , len t wide 
Si IM 
‘73 F O R D 'IT , lane wide ... $4*8 
M A N Y O THERS. 4M S Flores 
T T g n r c f f r T M A t o o l e r , 'A * s u m * p a y m e n ts , and 
S43IS botone* CON GUS, 223-***4 
T Z U L * # A R i f F IW . loouST 
Full hme aute. 4 wheel, camper cap. all te rra in tlras. 1717$. ar bast ofter 454-4344 
U R AMT6Wi6 fftU d kt------ 
SALES A SERVICE 
GMC, Diamond Roo. Peterbuilt 
PHO IH I* _______________ 4*1-4511 
6* M ER C U R Y Monterrey coup*, real sharp, V I. Auto, air, om-tm tie r aa. SOOS. *23-4334___________ _ 
'Al M E R r »Tb!V Monterrey caup*, real sharp, V I Auto. air. am tm stereo S t** *23-*334 m E K D E V M 7 > U fi6 6 w A 66W . 
74 L O A D E D 
F a n c y l P e rfe c t re n d itio n 
Low m ile a g e SS3o* new asking 5575o *54-4724 
• ~ 'A*' s m u t V e a r k l A R I' 
525o 
*23 313* i i 'M iftg U B V , parted, ATW" * * 
OLDS, HS*. 734-3873_____________ 

Sc Keel Bus 54 pots«np#r. beer and running cond Al 814*5. Vic­ toria 1 57* 53*5 
5 d H 6 6 L Highway b i* se I lu s e T 
13*1 NOGALITOS 
514-4711 
VA Seoul Te rra Flclu p . Tw Keel drive, laadgd. under i i oo* miles, 
844*o or best after 343 7o*1 
A) k *a U T*A wheel T i ivelHFiifS c I shape for road ar hill 
115*8. 
IM N I I 
TI filv a ra d o pickup Red. fully loaded Like new I 141*o After I p m 
4*8-1734 rA A T )u A .k o .e r p ic k u p , I 'W T , moke ewer 111 5443 

Soles Forts Service 
Brouboth Equipment, 734-1*5* 
Assume (iaymenls^ no equity, 'TA I 
FORD PICK UP, call Bill 532 5421 b6 6 V M A R I U g d lA C i------- 
•77 C hew Silverado .............. *215* 
‘7* GMC Sierra * cyl 
............S1S75 
‘75 Ford Ranger FIS * ........ 52o5* 
■75 OMC Sierra Classic . .. . *1o5o 
-73 Ford Hooper XLT 
..........$1475 
Mony M ar* To Cheese From ) I 
122* New Laredo Hwy-*24-4<7* 
74 Bronco * wneel drive Excel lent condition! 
124*355 atter 
I *96-o3o3 
T f T J T X n F V W F T R T E T S t T r 
Distributors Century W reckers 
14o3 NO A LAMO_______ 115-4144 
1*i3 ckovrolot Cheyenne Super loooed' «14 *545 4»5-*o54 
41 Chevrolet pickup i cylinder 
Standard S44S Pest oHer 454-1ooo ii I R I W 
^ k e y'e'ne’T u p e r ' TS' 
CW B. lo a d e d and h o t F o rd fiberglass Camper 
I2 A 9 1 I* or 
[ M t- W l. 
7* Chevy Cheyenne lik e now. 
4 wheel d riv e . C ruise C ontrol, 
AM FM oil te rra in m ag f r e t . 
12,ooo mi Will lake older truck in trod* Owner 1-742-31$*, Poteet is C H E W glassie Van. loaded 
Soke dem aa* to interior 17.ooo 
I ml 134*5 *54-o5*1 
■it 
IE. A standar? j IW B . 
USO* 
224-5473 ; 
4*o 3 444 eves 
Ti g r i t t y "C b iT ftR i ATH*— 
*23-4443____________ 
IS C h e w 4 cyl slu ><J pickup! 
53*5 CPU *24 o*o1.______________ 

74 MERCURY RAGON adod s i 15o Days 
3 4 **1 
Loaded 3315o Days 
1 4 **3 3 1 ; eves , wkends 4*2 14*3 
74 Uonarch dhla. am tm stereo 
Pawer steering brakes, air cand 
Take over payments $155 mo or 
54*oo Days *25-4o51 ask tor Los; 
Niles 473-1243______________ 

‘75 I team in g Super Sport P e r­ fect cond.. 
S42oo 
51)45*4. 
5 M 4 M 4 ________________________ I ' 
^4, F-icd fosiom . bug lo illness 
' m utt 
SON 
Law miles 
82*5o' . 
333-1771 
•ii F d k o C ourter, o ir, In w ar- ! rooty S34oo *14-3413 ; 4*144*2 
< ] 
' f l FO R D C ourier Pickup. *l7 ! radio 112oo 1334153 i i F 616 /o u rle r~ 5 sprf .T T r ocTT | 
5245o *5o 1455 
‘T T 'W R O <*OurJ#r. H oo<i C T T I full bed double doer caver Ouu> 
• ro c k e rs ' CB antenn as B ettor than new condition 51*25 o2o-2111 weekdays 
) W Foeti Custom S fen FD L ! ? 
LO AD ED 424*545 4*44o54 
TA' Ford E HA l o r y 7on. oufe" air, ISI VO, I,MO miles 4M48o1 i r ' T B I B ' f x p lo re r 
L W I 
LOADED 
E xtra 
M C *!! 
419*5 i 
1371444 ii FBfcB F ISA. B e lu x e l fen* 
Loaded' I’ll help finance Call M r 
Bennett m -o t4 4 
T rra w ro r tu w i « r m paw er, a ir. Assume paym ents, and St IO* balance 
Coft, GUS, 
2214M4 
TA F6 1 B T R W f.,n screw, UA e n fin * 5 and 4 trgnsm isiien, 14' bouton pump ppfT 38.1 co octwoi mi 
11o.5oo. 
Cdnyen 
Lek* 
1*35-1117 
_______ l l L 6 r o Pickup- fcgmpor sKBT i 
V I stondf rd, steal it tor 54*5 
Ills BROADW AY 
314154* u F g I S Fickup L W I. V T a x 
44* 3431 
T T WBW 
P B B euio. smalf'TT. 
IWP >15*4. 34* 1474_________ 
At Ford pickup Mew point, tiros 
Radio, hooter, Diamond lucked 
I3 3 4 M * 
T T T T TAb F fg n u F t. fen. 'sign d a rd 
C x c a lle n t c o n tin e n t 
44 1 35*4 after 4 n r g f f g- inLCup ».ceifen> Aes dition HPQ 444 77 31 
‘At Fora pickup te a fun, new a n *., $ new m e n , tires S U M l M 4 W : Al*-1341_________________ 
T i g a rd p ic k u p w ith cam p e r shell Aute . call * SA SOI r r H5 r e - r n m m 
6 T V T 
* speed siTso *27 1 l l * 
— 
T i F B ffB E A H B I I W it — 
Assume payments. *18-5414 
6 T T 5 R 5 R ANG L l «iW»'camper'. call IQI 3832 i f« bord I *n#er pickup, 
LWB, H IM *73-3415 l f F B I B M B B I F UH-------- 
MS* NOGALITOS 
*211*41 j — 
T T T B iD R A N ^ m r w ! — 
HS* NO O AUTOS 
*23 24o1 
H F * r i 1lfc # 6r TJ a r L W I'l* o 7 od fcxtro nice S34»l 137 4444 
1*75 F o rd B u n g er, a lf, pow er steerinp b rakes 4 speed, new tires, root* 
I 379-441* d ep u te ) 
Artel 7 

T r F ^ d l p r a y r V I sloW-TpA'pT d rtv t. IW B . e x tra clean t it s * 
I Cd SA- *14-843*___________________ 

V 4 , ouiomotic. ear, power 
White Red ........... 
8*4*5 
JAMISON M trs Seguin. UA52o1 
JA tu p g r C h eyenn e 
C lg a ii, I owner, la id od 454 m otor, H O y rtn p s 537M 44M751 
T ok# aver iia * rnenit on > T fR e * y pickup No equity Call o34-7*o4 ask tor 
Dennis 
Atter 
I 
COH 
M 4 4 lt)_________________________ 
I ion In te rn a tio n a l, s e ries *o flatbed truck 
S/SO 
23A421I 
M A SOI!. 
T T T o T o io u rkup L B A w k !, :.iIT, new tires, whit* spoke wheels 
45A1I7* 
T I H U 
I U A 6 I i . i i yds" T T T feet candltien 54.4oo-473-41*1 

72 MONTEGO kuphom 2-dr. DI 

Buy Arni Cars Ina Etc 
A gre* *27 3311-433-2o3o 
7S M O N T E G O , $ 1 8 9 5 
OO) SOUTH F L O R IS 
Cosh Aor ctoan cars ana Truck*. 
Lorry Cannon A uf* Salt* 
541o San P e ar* 
47**35) m m 
--------------------- 
CASH FOR JUNK CARS 

U S Knot CAMM 2o,ooo 

Sonnet Coiling. 

(lo a n 7o Ford lion. new pain), food engine and liras. W-R W-O camper 644 32o1. 
K E W 
T k W K i ; '*♦ T*-------- 
CASEY’S AUTO SALES 
1213 C O M M ERC IA L 
*22 4442 
~TBSZZn icTw T A A A or ofg T 
Jerry 473-54*3 . 23A 23o* n 
~B olsun p ic ii,p " D e ry p^ a cendltten 113*5 *33-o*82 
71 baisun pickup. C l* * * , runs pee d . S U S * 
A fte r 8 :3 o c o il 
Lo Vernia l-77*-**71. 
” T 'Bagge Adventurer ' L y k i^ ', 
•en Club Cab pickup Leoded. ex­ tra clean S3o5o 111 137o 
>6 D flo d E 7 a i * i r w m . i m iles. W a rra n ty L e a d e d *! As s u m * p a y m e n ts , an d SS.too 
; balance M r Bennett 321 O ft* 
T n > B 6 < ii « n r « x i ' ; « i i U d T ! 
Low p a y m e n ts . A ssum e low i bolanc* 
Coll 
Ran weeds, 
223 o*14 
H W W i m S S gob I ewneV: 
7*.2oo miles, mony extras, caver offers trode*, SIMO *13-552* 
I i 
(lath* J durn# Ex collen I cuiiJiitoni 
Werkine 
42354 
I I i * - tool 
_______________ 

V A N S B o y , Soil, T r o d e 
6631 t . F L O I I l t 
823-4111 

74 DODOS M axi. I t pets 
5425o 
-73 
C H IV Y 
VS. out*, pir. powor .................. 
417*o 
73 
FORO 
V*. 
OUI*. air. pawer 
MMB ll CMBVY 4 SIO 
.............. 
S I*** 
■71 FORD * SIO 
......... 
S im . 
44 DOOGk seal* Winpowi 
)7Vi 
*631 SO FLO RES *234311 
TA VE B I . sm eir g a n .l Truer, 
G W , 6 6 M M I SI 
>5 V A 4 speed. *m im siere# la p *, clean throuphout S H S * 
214-1473, 44S-64A* 
_________ 

’74 CHEVY El Camino 
Toke up payments na equity, can 
Tom Ford, 14* 4*44 
I i f U I V V F endervtae. i see'e T standard 115oo 441-4511 

 ta C R f W F i cCDp: 4~wt»;'a r i r take up paympnts, *24 5414 jy g k r W F T c R O F ----------- 
' » ton. CRM 341-3*33 ii C H I VV FicLoe1 ii* * , auto atir, power runs ar eat awner 

ARROW, 1*74. C 171, 
1*57 Appeche, 1*5* S II 837 1o*1 
---------------- TTT E I B W'TTI---------------- 
Cen Frank Adams, 454-o22o 
" 
"" 
T B'H L H f l ------------------- 
Local 14 M em p o r F ly m p Club w ith I law tim # c a m e lo t* IF R 
• q u ip p e d 1*71 B e n a n ia s has 
•peninp for I member Cod Raper 
Hill 
223-5525 or 541 474* otter 7 

Ce*sna i i i flom ihu U rs .liJ T ie” 
• -tim e , 
SC M O M , e x c e ile n f cenditien. S4.45o , I* * * sere time 
S C M O h , e a c o ile n t c o n d itio n , 
I*. ISO 1*4* Mid tim * pend ceadr lie n . S S .*!* 
C e ll 454 4o44 or 
48* 4771 after *P M 
TTTI T eT m o T T -T ene i u i r i F T . 
M I , 
E L T , 
I L I , 
A O F , 
TSO 
T X P O R , duel N e v -Comme, len t ranee tanks, new ennual, M f d cen d itie n . II4 .S o o 451 *444 #r 
*561371 after *P M 
Ti t H E E S V f r V T l W ' KiTTT F T . air, 
835.5oo 
Frank 
Adams. 
456 *22* 
T r r TT i I T i W T A T l f H B W 
MK U A , CB. new lire *, annuel 
S445o 4*4-2724 

” T « T n O 
‘ m a l l I T O " ' l a r g e s t 
A V IA TIO N 
INSURANCE 
B r M tf Offers Meet 
Competitive Prices 111-218-4)o1 
’T A F I F I T ’W I I F T B F ---------- 
CPN Frank Foams s56 o22* 
TA IT N B B A i r i U TT, M I U U * 
IF R includes k N s t. O M E . MSO 
34* sMv#d HSI. A n im alic ill C, autopilot, e x c e lle n t cen d itie n 
Priced Ie sen C oaf eel den Mux lain, NAYAK A V IA TIO N U n An 
Ionia inlerneltsnql 
Air per I 
517 424- 7)11 
“ 
“ T H Y R 5 > T ,d V r";"R «»-------- 
P IP E R Ie your own specific aliens fre e s 
A u n t i 
6i6 ini _____ 

ALAMO FLYERS INC 
75 mom ii. Mu ••« 
T i mom ii. rn ii MTK, 77o Mrs TT 
88 A/TK, COO hrs en* 
MHPK Turbo 
76 OK RMH 235 
8* O d io tlf 2J5 dual >eGm 
75 VJftsl (Ut IM Mrs IT 
75 C.ntMKfi 146, bkt amy 
74 Mf to t f I leo clean OX 
74 NAVAJO, Chwhen 
85 U55AA 31o i N e 

• • B i B trod* foi onyttvtrvg 

9 2 3 - 1 S IB M I - O S S S 
"Your Pirnr Dtokr" 

IIH B R O A O W A r 
221 4261 
W'enfegTg buT V vk enpl'ne. Ai ’TI. 
ISM l7M cc. must be operable. 
AM-o6)!. for Jon n rr-Trwmw*** i n 

 m TIRES parts KCiss8Ffcs 

-»v,^ T 5 ',,m 
'^ n r ia r g c g 
• P in ted y o u r c a te r HOO (4 ) 
OR7oX15 tires en Anson Sprint mpg- *34o 14* 27*1 

CENTRAL TIR E CO. 
I 
IQS N F L O R E S. 114 5473 
421 Cobra Jet engine, t i fraus a n .es* ON, complete rear end as sempiy. tacker rear end. ll Saline axles tem p SOM *55-o444 54*4511 t M B Ih C 'fer' T! m i l k k i l l ! 
I TRA S 1 7M 3 M M 1 
______ 
F re n i le d bairn aa e 
TA ta p rT , 
LOM cc, •sr, I I M * mi , sell parts or tra d e to r s m e ll p ic k u * or 
SM 33H.6B4 Lee, 337 47*o j a. i ii.a., whit* spake maps wiik cops I tup* Che.y or G M rn A k u 
4, 434-1146 f O t x i r R r,*: iwiiiip’sTBAiix TT m o**, I me SISO *1) 741o i r i i m s , r n i^ekA v ! f i n 
(14 ). fit Von Sit tech *24 1*o4 
VfSfV i i ! F I l T r U o n lfe U s end neons can 4SS-51II a fe '7i Corvet!* U a rita * UH sec Tu rf*. I U ) IS»2* (X II Slicks 
Wheels. I IM (4 )1 1 F *rd Wheen 
Mudc.aps. 84o *7* 7)54 aft or 5 uii r MwrnwTiT wi r r 
Teveia^OafsunVw, mere 
T 6 M Aul* Parts. 886-o5*1 
~ D iP b F B A T fW f i r F U T i 
TeyeM Oafsun M a id * v w m er* 
T A M Aul* P frts . 416-o5*) 
I Ti V el l lf O' TV t i" * n A w TIK I VI 
•ears *24 Penimc tag and tu rf* too with B M parts TR w 137 pl* ions l l I. e* LpAAgns body pats 
Sunday t i t - I t l l 
TI \ W FgsKgcTTd W H ana 
AIM parts 432 o4*4 
T M B e tg y S n ir e s w»k maps 
o4o*13, paad tread. Si46 u t 1**3 

W E N C H T R U C K inlernftienei l i f t Tractor Truck 
Tulsa l l Wench RO4So engine 
Goad cand lie s * *45-91)* 
ID JB f T l "B I IV I ------------- 
IS M P G . Subaru 
Super slptien vrapon 
1977, 7,66o m iles S49M 
VO VB IBM )4)-lft4l t rw 'w T T f ? f iT*h I ii r, r r a V ,d t,..r , d u m p * 2 1 3 9 * 2 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

IM mTStCYOiS SCGQriltS 

 mer. ether extras SIT** 144-o914 
TTiTrn we; iA V m iiA e s « " u n 
541 7921 
6 TB f i l t f l . h cx io te~TW cc7~eT i c eden I cenditien SISO 344 9o4* r r z v l o M r w m m 
; 

 l ; , .i W I ^ ' H TI Henge H i tour, sharp. I rode 1*31 F a *u leu s 

 f at Hmm eg I SOOmi 224 54)4 
TA korlfey D o .ldsen Super*li44. 
51*oo Com 446-o846 
T n r n r n v r j r n 
. *>!- » ; > 
•v e ry tm g l Super sharp 
16.666 miles 
Win take trade 
824*6 
I 428 718* 
T i tU rfe r wl H - i f ' 165c. d m 
AM tar Ski, days 
131 837* 
1 T fn re T oko W w t b 
’iTt t b : uke new SIM 735 ISO* 
TT HARlBT'Tir i 16i6------- 
44) 1527. 531 8o*3 j l l H S S k K 'T S IA ," U U f W ' T k *T mats, and tx ira s Cherry HOP* 
4981114 or tv M il Curt m r a i n n r n t ' i n d h s h o a 
4oo CALL 483-o919 n T O i T j T B T M t»w""mT""T r 
: o R Qdt OdM fNOP. Perrin a-Shield i» dais BBB8 a real beeufy ISS* i i / in t i r i s e s * ! « a t fr s B e T z a s R 
* * m i kerm*. crash bars. rack 
_________________________ 

VS. sharp !! Assume payments, and si24o balance Mon weeds 
22? jess 
We. M i VY F .c tu u T w r ^ 'i Lier 
13195 4)1-1574 
W O ii JSf i w l ------------- 
VS, s'-k a.i’ d. uir 3*1 3433 
Ti Chevy ^« fen. air auto. pawer steering. V I. I WB S>I9) ar bes) otter teno, 3515 Culebro 

71 CH EVY i ten LWB Fieelwde | 
V I stan d a rd a ir , h eat, e x tra la n k , n a ra d ia to r , c le a n . I 
Owner, fee at lie Beal St 738*5*4 
AA £ Heir iii ' ) Aer,'i,,. Sup. peed cen- amen. new paint. S79i. is Chevy 
11 ton pickup, paad canditiaa. new paint, air. 8*95 tlo-tiv, S II 5913. 
•n ~f 3 f V V 
,i?n pi ckup: too* canditien New plates and sticker 
544 ) 341 7921 
TTT m w L fen. A speed, ii TTT j CRH 931-4441 l f Ckevy i l ien std with camper caver Excellent condition 11o95 j *74-7444. 
73 C k*vy Van. U 1, OU aluminum! 
7o Inter national 5 tan Van, Van with UP 932 3571. ii C k * . . Von. c a rp e te d , cur- tams 4 captain s chairs. AM PM 
S ir ack after epm 54) o8*7 l i ' W 
W r W 
M T I u tls w point and interior *27*o 513-2172 
Ti - f H f W V T f fr s e r f e m 'fe n 
: 35* engine radio pawer steering ana brafcgs, o u i* . e x tra d e a n . 
Excellent conamed 
53**5 
143H881_________________________ 
'74 <Jb#v"y"V A. ' lien. tone s ite side. siandcii u 
Reel m c* t i l * ) 
137 344* 
T i gTfe'Ay V A r,' B n T W IlT T ro i BBBGlilW 337 3846______________ 
I W t» *y *n n c * i Hew tires runs 
, ana leeks pw,u ■ s» ,*>* n .wgww..w.w.,wi»..w . 
C h e .erin* Super IO loaded, lew mc 
Excellent cenditien. 
124-34*2. 

“ T iitO N N lv lL l I extra c le o * nice M and out 8473 344-2313 
Ti l a n k I! W i l t A ci r h or A toir power air. imm aculate 341-6124, 
3681663 Ova*__________________ I 
‘44 *7 lan n e .ille , 43 meter, i i i 
COH *33 IH S 
~T? ...” o*, na Brew ahem Loaded, must sail SUO* 464*oo3 i f CATALINA' Arfear ,o o d cc^'T 
Owner. 5745. 733 o6*3_____________ ; 
7J Firebird 4 cyl iiiiO or bos! 
•h er CeU 543-6o76 
— t i 'F i i n i ffB---------------- 
LOAOEO. CO)! 341 3933 
' l l F lr tk lr d . th ew co s* engitto, j rebuilt, must see ta opp reciat*. 
Must sell 7343414, 734 843o 
’ e 7 a * •<!. i-'IIK hes pawer, and a ir 
S ta re d 
B la c k 
A ssum e payments, and balance en net* 
Call G UER RA 222 o964 
T i flB A M b 'F l 'IK , pa war "aver* 
I yth taal) th o rp 
You oat a little m o n e y 7 I don i i Se tat s get 
I t U 
^ 
‘ 
Co,,: 
RoM woads 

(♦TA B l A k b F t iiV f dJt'JTTe'T ) 
1 COLORS 844*5 341 1475 
TT Aft A k Cl V TI c e lo u d . 6 ;.n ~ lop- perfect 
I awner 
33)93 
464)848 ______________________ _ 
74 ir o n Frix LJ f uliy TeagirtT' 
.unreal Cell 4*42*47 
TA 
B'I l V 
~ F B Ik talc«' u p p a. rnenls eau *244471 
T i g B H IV T L t T T 3 'ear~* l o'ud~ i od! I A ssum e p a y m e n ts , a n a small balance. 
Cox 
Levin* 
231o*o4 
W if B '.lu C i glne. A spaaB'Tcc 
Cg*1’ 6 *4 tSAt___________________ 
I 1949 OTO W pawer, ni^, preat 
: running cand. new lira s . HOO 
4*49*44 Of 414*489 Ofter A 

Tradesm an 3*6, autom atic, V I 
E x tra clean O verhead luggaa* c a rrie r, id eal tar c a m m a rc ia i delivery Lew milos ..............l l * * * 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS f ORD SOUTHSIDE 
1*o1 I W M ilitary 913 4117 i f 6O T D T T T m r * O n T I I " 
Van canvarwan Only s.ooo miles 
You ne.:} I* f a t Sa do ll C all 
BON, 221-6964___________________ lT > j S o g a * pi c t 85 •<* ng w ig r: 
Cam per Like new, t a * aw ner 
M any extras' 114*848. 4*8-6684 
66661 I i la iT o w n g w irm p ii 
: seU today I Will hisanct Call Dick i 413-144o ii 66661 VAW H fen, m standard ON. 83866. 8141647. 
"TI 
Dodd'* 
V a n . 
V I T p a w e r steering V an custom ising k it. 
: a m F M s te re o c u s s e lie , law milos Atter 4 464 4111 
~bEIVI'HJTI'UfV'lALVA6y 
P ICK UP TRUCK FARTS r n Laredo Hwy 414*351, 934433} 
Dum p Ifr u d l ; 47 In te rn o b o n a l leos, 16 yd bed, tandem a xle. 
Goad condition 3 t ope 464 1o66 
Ti fel gam 'l'n’o T U t i m i f V t 
1 Lauded, per tact cond must sell 
8316o. 
3586 botan blue beak. t v o666. 

73 EICiM O SS v a . auion abc, air, pawer tu e s 
JAMISON Mtrs Sepum 713 5261 
E l ^onun’aT i' T T t T m V m ' i f e i cand M ust soli im m e a ia itiy i 
SHOO 341-4314, 7346163 
I T T F a m in a 'll, 't b f l cengJifem 
3138o 494 3663 

Travel rranees M eter Hem et 

T R A Y E iiR im ilfi 
I t l l B O O ttVKL r 
832-464* c it>l ,'«7'cam per wllb si#vt. Ai-| 
*r tp *r afer gas and ar ku ta n e I dost *ft*r 433 124* artar 4. _____ i a m p e r' gVsgtV? F a ra d . A aluminum hperplass 4386784 
( e m e e r t k e r s r r w r i izT ar 
; 
S IM *386144 
11 ut p f O mI T I 
. w i'T x c e T rent conamed S IM 8443637 
' 
^ n a i r y u r u m w 
— 
C A M PIN G TR AVE L T S A IL E R 6 
K C 
TR A ILER S 
SJM PP 
HO W EST 
A V 
7848o31 
T I l f ag c l ut* a- ' c a b io ***! 
I,*»t t GiflfNWMMlr ilNMINMI 4 
In l|4 

' T I ( S U A I U H I I i i extra* C a* *44463o 
T i BeBge U o a n g * . I Igal,' I U f 
CAMMNlliMMRr 
ISFSS-. 

 slandard I U * ) *9* 443* 
T I fa r g iu e .- T,'*A V a auf* A i air Peal mc* M il t 317 3446 
W FaT T T W n ' P agg^rg------- 
CLEAN SM* *84o967 

*f F B I B " T r r # n .~a a io ":" >T ; Tr clean, chena • 424 *11* 
>V * N 7 V l * n " l .SIU . Mc«6Unl c o n i O w ner 
33*18 W IN ta b * older truck id trade *3844o3 
'TT W O ^ To T W M TW 
* 
Custom. M I VE Standard cam per 
81*9$. Must SOP Id OBBTOOtOks. WIN lek* trade *58 M il 

A',r', l t ^ r T 
T f ";Vn.1UA i f TW 
1-337 4M3 Kerr .UN 
IC kVtl VTSSoXr cem e T ^ r sleeps 8 pas alec re tn p . aas steve (ewers tor travel *66*711 v f T n p p cV * T e t r; ' l i n t # »* r 
. M i 111*8 IOU Paw nee s fTT T X F A f W r T f g r ' f m 
F I I 

Pegs 28-D 
♦ 

! J B I - M T O S T R M E R S 

Son Antonio gXPKESS-NSWS— Sunday Morch 6 1977 so? nm m n sam-rcnt rn motor homes m um rjMHMjm 

T R A Y S iT O W # 
TEXAS, IN C 

S A V I X N Y O U K m A R G I S T 
TRAVEL THAUER OSMER 

Hr « n r 18o Date in S h u l 

 a u t h c w h d SAUS fo* 
TOUDAY n m iK 
WOWLER 
NOMAD. 
VENTURE. 
STARRATT, 
MQLIDAV. DIAMOND JAMSOREE 
MHU UftMC: 
WB1P 1 HwlPreSnP 

% W 
> m 
^ L 
6 5 3 - 4 7 1 1 
ACROSS frow HflttS'BlTli J©t®S$iWI I va *«•! -*— »- ««-— r r WTI HIR mf EWwaBL-xi I 
W p . » , Jot. 1-5 SwM i w 

BS#!. M ob ile~StniuI (fcwei trailer 
Com pletely self-co ntained A ir central heat, excellent throu gh out. 73S-OS8A 

 h a r p e r M o t o r c o 

Tito Uhimatg experience f a r t makes the going grand! 

 xplorer 

3 o 7 

Pure tunny — with thgont standard features like color TV. microwave oven and lots more. Exceptional craftsmanship throughout Come tty one on for 

 size today 
FRT M O TO RS INC. 

2 o 6 W IS T P O W 
B U R N E T , T X 7 8 6 1 1 
Phone: (512) 756-2128 th o b e s t In M o t o r N o m # living from X p l o r e r . 

W E P A Y S A L E S T A X & L IC E N S E 

 o n t h e F o l l o w i n g M o b i l e H o m o s o n l y l 

1 2 x 6 o 2 B E D R O O M C O M P L E T E L Y F U R N I S H E D 
Delivered, Set-up and Tied-down 
$5195. 

1 4 W I D E , a B E D R O O M , I V * B A T H S 

Raven Red comet, block imitation teether Hvmgroom suite, sliding 
* " lea, delivered, sat-up. glass patio doors, completely carpeted. Furnish* tied down 
$6495. 
SUNSET MOBILE H O M ES 
2762 S .*. M U T ARY 
O H M A U DAY S U M M Y 

§ 8 1 - B W 
I R S E t n n F M B T 
T 

WITTIG* 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

Now Deck f r a u 
SVW 
New M e * from ............ IS A 
New stew* drabs fret*— - IS A 
Maw Exec chain tram $ 6 9 5 o 

A IM th o * P a n t o n 
I M Aaa Aaa Streeter 

Bt IO at Cobbra, 736-ISHO 

ANTIQUES 

. t i t 
M U M M S s u m 

AN T IQ U t A U C T IO N 
Sunday, M ar. 4, 1:3o P M 
G a ry 's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, T x - Coll 3T8-37o1 

■im - animis mumms 

C A M P E R L A N O 
S A L E S end S E R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W T rave l T raile rs and 
5Th Wheels i4o1 S.W. M ilitary 92o-5514 
H rs: M on-Fri. 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 
H E IM E R C A M P E R S A L E S 
San Antonio's Exclu sive 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924-1336 
Tent T r o ile r s -T r a v e l T ra ile rs, 
T r u c k C a m a e r s - M in i 
M o t o r 
Hom es. STh wheel T railers 
3329 S.W M ilitary, W of Som erset 
Catam aran 

VACATION FUN SALE 

T " 
. . — 
^ a 
1! S t e e l F r 

& 

F r a m e 

W a l l s 

, 8 
8 
8 

S P R IN G SALE SPEC IALS 

E X A M P L E ; 
1 4 X 7 6 ’ 
SHERWOOD DELUXE 3 bedrooms, 2 full beths, fully carpeted, fully furnished Centro! air, central heat with appliances included 
FREE 
DELIVERY A SP UP 
R E G U L A R P R IC E : $ 9 5 o o 
S A L E P R IC E : $ 8 4 5 o 

 frailer 
Mobie 16 Catam aran with 
S19S8 1-615-3857 I-42S-276o 
‘72 Intrepid T ro ve ! T ro lle r 16', tandem wheel. 1-796-4731. 
23’ M O B IL E SC O U T , 1974 flatly master, fully self contained, tike new. 
S565o 
T rad e-T erm * 
A M M . 
L E M E IL L E U R 
M O B IL E H O M E S A L E S 
• C E K R V IL L E .T X , 
<1)257-4364 
? 6‘ M O N Il f 5'r. loaded with 

Roof, ait. M otor air, 4 o o o 

K W Onon generator, ster­ eo, till w h e d . crc.se con­ trol, 4 4 o engine, d u a l fuel 
Ionics, spare tire 7 co. ft. 

 refrigerator, D o n 't m iss this 

Reg. S 1 8 , 5 o 8 — 
S A V E $ 1 6 1 2 
M a kin g room for new shipm ent 
13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
824-3248 

/ M i s s i o n ^ 

^ T r a v e l C e n t e r ^ extras,!' re a d y to go. T r a v e le r s W o rld , 
Spocc 68. 2617 R o o se velt 
P ic k u p Shell 
N e w p ic k u p Sh e ll ca m p e r 
(a cto ry ca m p in g package. $495 
C all 1-755-81o4. 
76 N O M A D , 21 5 

E X A M P L E : 
1 2 X 6 5 ’ YOUNG 
AMERICAN Quality home, 2-bed rooms, ? full baths with step up kit­ chen. Fully furnished Centro) cir, centro! heat Appliances included. 
FREE WASHER with purchase of mobile home Free delivery A set 

R e g u l a r p r i c e : $ 8 9 9 5 
S A L I P R IC E : $ 7 6 6 6 

Self container 
P u ll bath, a w n in g a ir. U se d lim es. 734-8723, 732-8749 

COVERS 
2171 Austin Hwy. 
'75 h & d W L ^ R 77' 
SI 8. 
653-o81 

S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E Y 
IH IO, 3 mi. north of Boerne 
G T 2 B O X 127, S A. phone 224-242/ 
O P E N S U N D A Y 
R A h M b ^ R G R Y C E N T E R 
Exclu sive dealer tor 
V E N T U R E Tent Cam per bv Starcratt 
‘■Little Castle On W heels” 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655-o251 
25' Red Dale travel trailer, with 
1968 C a a r ic e m o d e l 627 h itc h equipm ent for towing Excellent 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

1977 Travel Queen, 3o Ft luxury bae Motor Home All the usual options ore standard in this unit, including Mkt awave Oven, Color 
TV, Sutit-in Vacuum Cleaner (oil: 
Bl 7-773-3363 

 condition. S4.o5o. 822-9879 T E X T - 
WOTEL CLERK 
E td w d v , re tire d , so b e r p a rso n need apply. 
6543 
H ighw ay 
9o 
West. 
•49 S H A S T A 17' fu lly se lf con- tained, air $22oo. 344-6831 
SH A ST Aep RO W L E R 
We Take Trade-ins 
Com plete Service Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH1o 3 M i North of Boerne 
G T 2 B O X 127 S A. Phone 214 2424 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M 
73 S H A S T A 19 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 M i north of Boerne 
G T 
2 
B O X 
127. 
S A 
Phone 
224 74426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M 

J 
SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 
* 1976 Cobra, 29 Pf. luxury * 

E X A M P L E : 
1 9 7 5 king sing 
IS, I -bola 

Line Motor Home. si- bath. Coll 
* 817-773-3363 ** 

Rear * 
4 

I t 

HELP: ARRIVED! 
41 MORE 
BOATS: 
MCKUNE mon ne tempered, 
NON glare aluminum IO* to 16ft 
See popular, deep, soft-ride V- 
BOW 14ft nice ''A f 1 o 9 * 9 limit ed S299 w/IHevest, throw-cushion, line; 12ft V J279, IS' flat high grade S239; 14' $199, 1oft $159 
So why gombl* w/'Hy-by-mght mfgrs. 7 
Our 
16th, veer rn! 
MOftfNf, including* .W O V IN canoes 15-17ft 
6 SRACf-mnking 77 deals. 76 
STEALS: COMA. 6 USSMASTER, 
REGATTA. Compere GUI ultra luxu rtous most complft# in history BI­ 
BO ARO or out Otfr plush or plain 
SIHI 1oo% HAKOLA TUP fiberglass 
(NOT one ounre chopped gloss) but the competition soys not evadable now let s toke him to nearest factory, we ll win that bet 
SS. lf you cun t afford quality gloss, buy aluminum 
* Ste 7 to 21ft NOW; order 2?'- 
?4ft COMA for March 77nd deli very or U T AWAY gats winter $$. 
A Used $595 S59® BANK rotes 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Iroodwoy at 4th TAM EKE 
SO marine yean in SA. 227-2112 
9-6 pm. Thats Mite 9 pm 

 l . 
Closed Sat 

 t 

TON 14 *5o, 2-bedrooms, 
Fully furnished. Central heel and tpfcamrs included FRC! DELIVERY 
ANO SET UP' 
R E G U L A R R R IC I: $ 8 5 o o 
S A L E P R IC E : $ 6 8 8 8 

R.5. Out af fawner* gat ex pews** and moals pend with purchase of mobile homell 
AMERICAN MOBILE 
I MODULAR HOMES 
273o SOUTHWEST MIU TARY 
922-7191 
922-o441 
H O P E N 7 D A Y S W E E K I! 

12x4o, 2 bedroom 1% baths, con­ trol hoot and air, new carpetino. ed lot, UT- patio and awnino. fenced 
SA and 
U S A A area. 
SIO. MO 
698-2o27. 

14x78, 3 bed room *, 5 baths 
T x s u m e p a y m e n ts , lo w e a u ity . 
658-1783 Otter 6 p.m. 
12'X 4o', 2-bedroom s. Central clr. heal. A ssu m e paym ents Si27.7o. 
491-1428 
________ 
73 I be 
14x75 P A T R IO T . Late droom , centro! air, heat. P ortly furnished, 38734 623 59o9 

812 UWM Hm m Spaces 

Adult ann F a m ily section, club house with sw im m ina pool. Paved streets, u n d e rg ro u n d utilities, la rg e lots, no pets, b est m ain - taintd park in town, on S.E. M ill­ inery Dr. west of IH 37, a cro ss from 
Brooks Field, Indian Hills Mobile 
Home P ark. 333-o83o. 

CANYON LAKE 
E x t r a la r g e m o b ile h o m e lot. 
$1475, $75 dow n, 84 m o n th s at 
$21 83 A P R 8*4 
Call A. Jones. 224-23o3. 
!! FREE I! 
E v e r y e th e r m onth fre e fo r I whole year B u ckin gh am Village 
Mobile Hom e P a rk 658-2811 
L O t F 6 R 55 M H "i«o’ M ff 

 r BILO MMT 
BOI Florida • 534-o751 
DISCOUNT 
RaNdhif Material Nara 
8" Remington limb A him (loc 
M w 
.......... 
$W .9S 
Heavy duty vocuum cleaner, 5 gal. cop. ......................... $41.95 
6 «6 YR heated font* sec­ tions....................... 
$17.95 
8 devote Hat and rounded 
PMC' 
...................... $4.89 
Alum Extension ladders, 14 
M ft 
$29.49-$76.Y6 
Wire mesh, Sft.xl 5oft. red lOga $3395; 6 ga. $44.95 
8orb wire, SO rod tenqth, 12'/: ga 
2 pf.................... $14.95 roH 
T|U-TEST 3o got natural gos water 
.................... 
$17.95 
12 ft. lincolum... $2.49 up sq. yd 
4x8 cedar closet lining..... $16.95 
Posthole digger............. $7.11 
Carny, fiberglas roofing, door and 
9f,#n. 8' .................... $3.95 
IO ' 
$4.95; 
1 2 .... $5.95 
BK D M ART currie* TOU-TEST 
P**«* - select to m 124o 

LO U -N O R Mobile Hom e P ark 
2415 Castroville R d 433 2o64 
M A R C H Sac clo!. Lot rent 

S T A M 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 K in g sb u ry 
S E G U IN , T X 
Mn"' < ~>ii v«,iTS t , 4 font cam per trailer, excellent condition, 
492-12o7 
ST A T O A R Y t r a i l 
18 S t A T O A E V t r a i l e r ' s e lf contained otr,'72 O L D S Tow-car. will separate. 684-o877____________ 
.HU reraft "lent < am per, bleeps 4, 
«Geed Cond. M SO 69S-3138 
SIvitTcrnft cam per, im u lo ie d 'and p o n e ted with full-len gth double deers, S45o 659-1o43 
*W f ra ve l f r a ile r ie ' 
M o to r cv clrsts. Bicyclists m ust tee! S21SO 
•28-1o7o.__________ 
1974 travel trailer. 

R A H M B E R G R V d fe N Y E P 
Exclu sive Dealer tor. Cham pion. 
T itan, L ife tim e M o to r H o m e s. 
M in i M otor Hom es 
7271 A U S T IN H W Y 
455-o251 

 mr service 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 Austin Hwy. 8243148 
7* Sh a s t a 1,M ini M otor Hom e 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IH 18, 3 mi. North of Boerne 
R f 7 B O X 127, S.A Phone 224-7426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P.M. 
76 T ioga ii, M ini, air, sleeps I 

■ n u i w contained, a ir S438o, 341-5475 ffi'A V E — T R A IL E D d 'E N f E R l 
Dealer tar K O U N T R Y A IR E and 
N U -W A . So u th w e st la rg e st ST h 
Whee: Dealer 
Several ane trade ins slid in stock! 
* 
42oo Roosevelt at Stinson Field 
O L iT h o * <jnd Men docile R ack 
$1oo. W ill C o n s id e r tro d e for 
Smofl T ruck Cam per to Fit Tovo- ta 
Lo n g 
Bed 
P.U. 
C A II 
Bill 
432-2o97_________________________ 
W e B U V A L L T y p e s ot T ro v e l 
T railers COH: M E L 924-5514 
8x35 Spartan t- tTJT' trailer, clean. good shape, $225o S74 N W W 
White R d P earce Trailer Pork 

8 JHX) mi. excellent condition $88oo 
674-7133 
T lt A N M oterhom e b y Cham - pion. All steel cage construction 
FuHy contained, hot everything* 
4 mot. old. still in w arranty Cost of $14,SOO, $ell-$13,ooo M ile a g e 
32o9 Seiling on account of spinal arthritis. 496-8S75. 
W on! t o "Buy M o.oM 
M ake 
Any 
456-/119 

 riome! A ny 
Model 
65o-7661, 

 rn, 

• FRI! Boat trailer e TREE Accessories 
• FRI! Remet# Controls 
% Kjvr MuoUmwH O* Dollop * 

SANDO I M ASIN I 
'76 Model Closeout le e ' tig Sale 
OANOOl MABINI „Ms m&re iohnwrt €xj*boo*<h on* anyone1 else »« flip San Anton*© m o 
MANOCK ARAMINI is IKR only 
So Hi) son OOtfcMOrtd DftoW Ilia* 
AAA teflmi tn Service rn H 
Soofawes** 
A AA M t V K i and 
* 1 in Soles 
You Can't Boot f a B«iH 

SUPER 
IDEALS!! 

JNJ 

R IP O : 
12 x6o', 2 bedrooms. S585 equity, assume payments $1 IS month 

R E P O : 
12 x6o , 3 bedrooms, front kit then $65o equity, assume pay­ off! merits $13o mon) 

R E P O : 
14 x64 , 3 bedrooms, 2 baths 
$695 equity, assume payments 
$14o month 
REPO: 
14 x7o', 3 bedrooms, 2 baths 
$895 equity, assume payments 
$178 month 

So aet the best deal you 
RANDOL MARINI od OOO*6- motors and trcjtip*and save 

We Rmw and Sail Usad 
Boots, Motors, Tmiler $ 

AMERICAN 

MOBILE 

& MODULAR 

3oo4 $ VV.. , 
MILITARY DR. 

SAN ANTONIO 
922-18oo 

* RIGHT ACROSS 

FROM CHURCH'S 

FRIED CHICKEN! * 

Vt P R IC E III 1978 
P L A C ID Mobile P ark, 458-oo22 
N E , S h a d y A c r e s t r a i l * fenced, store room, trees, 537.5o. 
Near W indsor Pk Moll. 826-8766. 
O A K H O L L O W NW. 1st mo. free. 
$43. up. Pool Near U TSA, H ospi­ tals. 499-o892, 69o 859o.____________ 

BUSINESS HfltlPHron 

Beer box. cash registor, refriger- a la r, a s s a rt e d lig h t fix t u re s , water cooler, lavatory, com m ode 
656-8525 457 18oo_______________ 
Chairs, Tables lcem cikers ~ la., i 
. 
U S E D A N D N EW . 733-1292 
B t A U f V 
C L O S E D 
B t A U T V - 'l 'f i 'f l F 
D r y e r s , C o m p le te S t a t io n s , 
Sham poo Bowls. Sham poo Choir, 
Other MISC. 696-8923. 633-91 SS 
C oke M a c h in e $8oo. t o m s M a ch in e S45o. C ig a re tte M a c h in a 
S IM . Call 6*6-4727 atter 5 pm weekdays. 
K e y p u n c h , 
8o 
C o lu m n 
K e y p u n c h , r e ­ produces, interprets, and verifies, brand new, S55M. 696-4741. 
Com plele gro u p s el office furnt- 

■ Se, Pen'* O t ihle I 
SHOO «ANOOt 
Yew v* Tried die letl 
New Try die l l VT'!! 

 ture. Call 8 4, 225-5746 
Electric R em m afon typew riter. legal size, $275 M o n u a l U n d e r wood, letter size, $68. 731-8327. 
Factory Second ltx32 Port. Office 

J lfST A R R IV E D 
F R O M E U R O P E 
4o-FT. V A N L O A D 
CHARLOTT’S 
A N T IQ U E S A N D C L O C K S 
2o17 A U S T IN HW Y., 45S-6641 

A N T IQ U E S IN B O E R N E 
Short D rive North 
7 friendly shops In our a re a 
A n tia u e T o a ste r B e d ; 
M R P B H B B H i W i o n q i H rosewood sofa; O rville C a rr sofa, 
COSI S5So, sell SISO 826-56oo 

B E S S ’ A N T I Q U E S 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 661-5582 
T u y - i i L L A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TO W N • C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826-2749 36o9 Broadw ay 735-2414 

C h i p p e n d a l e C h a i r s 
Grotto Antiques. 2934 Austin HH w y 
CMsm Trail AMiqiies 
Daily I ta 5; Closed M onooi 
Daily I to 5; Closed M onday 
616 S. Seguin St., Converse 
C L IM E R '^ R U M M A G E B A R N 
C A S H A N D C A R R Y 
Antiques, Bottles, Prim itives 
Relics and M a n y Other Things 
C O M E S E E ! ! Open U A M to S P M 
Closed W ednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during business hours 
W here H w y 476 crosses H w y 16 
P O T E E T , T E X A S 

Continental Show*.Lid. 
A N T IQ U E 
SHOW Se SALE 

SAN ANTONIO 

Convention Center 
S. Alamo A Market 

M A R C H 4 - 5 - 6 
Fri„ Sot, 1-9 P.M. 

Su n . 1 -6 P .M . 
I Paid Admission 
Good For All 3 Days. 
NATION’S TOP 
DIALERS 

CROWN HIU ANTIQUES 
I J O N P L A Z A , 77o1 8 R O A 
D IJ O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
W A Y , 826-1991. Slant Fro n t Am . 
D e s k , F r . A r m o ir e B la n k e t 
Chests, Pine C upboard, H ooded 
C ra d le s, G r a n d f a th e r C lo c k s, 
Four-Poster Bed, Fr. D ining T a ­ ble and C h a irs, B a ske ts, B r a s s and Pewter. Etc. 
ESTATE SALE 

TO p u g YOUR AP CALL Ab. MOORE 225-1666___ 

B T j j K T E f lS w 
Md 

M ah ogan y / door W ardrobe 
W alnut Secretary 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 598 D allas 
Ni-nr the Corner A n kq ae ‘ 
D epression glass and Furnltre 
5513 F M 78, 661-3o54 

N o w a n d O ld S h o p , 3o5 W e st 
A sh b y (N e ar S o c) 732-888o. Old 
P in e Sa fe , T a b le s , L o v e s e a t , 
Trunks, L a rg e Silver Sam o var 
Etc. 

1515 Fulton 
Cutglass. crystal, chino, Fren ch 
H a vila n d dinner se rvice for 12 
L in e n s, ap p lia n ce s, som e fu rn i­ ture, etc Starts Saturday. M a r 5, 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
1525 M C 
C U L L O U G H 
227-48o3 

HELETIQUES 
R E D U C E D ON 
P R IC E S R E D U C E D O N L A R G E 
ST O C K O F A N T IQ U E S 
F ln t Art, R e p a irs-A p p ra isa ls F o r 
Both Insurance and Estate 
2716 M C C U L L O U G H 
734-3796 lf you h a ve A ntiq ues. Jew elry. 
D ia m o n d s , S t e r lin g , G o ld o r 
Oriental R u g s to sell, you'll get the 
B e st P ric e fro m S a n A n to n io ’s 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques irs M a n n e r I22-S44oT 342- SO: 

2 Ohm Dealers 
TO C A S E S O F . 
A N T IQ U E J E W E L R Y 
P O C K E T W A T C H E S 
A N T IQ U E D O L L S 
C O L L E C T A B L E T IN S 
C H IN A 
S A.Convention Center 
M A R C H 4 5-4 
Continental Show s LT D . 

2nd Annual P erfo rm an ce 
Horse Show A Auction Solo 

S a t u r d a y - M a r d i 1 2 - S a l * T im a 2 P M 
Se t o told bi the Hayes Ce. C h * Center, ton 

FFATUtWG-. consigned horses to rii t o perfon" P " " *• " h " " ® o" sole — raging (cJf-steer), Western Measure, Hone!, M e * and Hafter 
Several horses hove been top contenders in Texas Stott norrol lacing and Foie lending and others are atreody proven toners Con­ signments t o be accepted up to the safe date Foe more detain coll 
512— J Y 2 -to tte r 512— 2 J i-9 t5 4 after S FJ». 
Sp awee rarit y the San M arta* Biding O oh 

Auctioneer 
BRUCE WELBORN 
Ta O C -77-OTOO 
"Toke the choora out el your haying tori reroe ta hleaeM'A Lleasw 
TfWse fnOTroa 

A R W 

M O R A S S SEED 
A - H A L E T R A I L E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
Stew and Used; for Sale or Rent \ oovernnrswnt tested and labeled. 
Also feed B a rre n with Lid s 
$4.5o par lb p.l.s. w hile it losts 
S L IM P O IL CO. Oft IH 37 j oiscount tor I M tbs or more. Wil- 
-33-5151 
6o4 
Carolina nltesl ,jom l R f j ^ 
44, Bandera, Tx. 
394-7215------------------ 
; 794.341* evenings- 
A L L G O E S « horses Pius 2 horse L E IS U R E S T A B L E S U nder new troller. 696-4866 m a n a ge m e n t H o rse s b o ard e d , gentled and trained. 494-8917 

A M E R IC A N C A N C E R S O C IE T Y 
O P E N H O R S E SH O W 
M arch 18, 19 and 2oth. M a rc h IS starting 7 p.m. all roping events. 
Judging events starting 8 a rn. on 
Sat. M ar. 19th Judges: M r. M ike 
Hughes of Dallas, Tx and M r. Gill 
S w itz e r ot G u lf P o rt, M is s . 2 
Trophy Saddles to high point w in­ ner in each age group. H igh Point 
Winner of Show a 2 horse trailer courtesy of Slim p Oil Co and Hole 
Trailer Co. AM proceeds going to the A m e ric a n C a n c e r So cie ty 
Bexar Co. Sheriffs Mounted Posse 
Arena 181 S at Foster Rood. Fo r info 337-3756. 

Leopard Appaloosa Stud Service 
$75. Eves. 434-7542.______________ 
Macdona Auctttm Sale 
E v e ry Sot. 12 Noon, Cottle, sheep, goats, h o rse s. 12 mi. S.W S A 
F o rm Rd. 2173, M acdona, Tx. 
M A R C H S P E C IA L 
1 2 ’ i ga. 2 pf. im port b a rb S IS 95 
6tt Steel Tee Post ............. SI 87 
I * " P V C Pipe loon .......... $8.5o 
Cedar Post ............. 4o A N D U P 
35" 
Sheeo and 
G oat 
M esh 
33o' ................................ *29 95 

O P A ’S A N T I Q U E S 
22o3 S. H ackb erry 
P H IL M O R A N , 734-5668 
A P P R A l S E -B U Y -S E L L 
L IC E N S E D E S T A T E 
L IQ U ID A T O R R E F E R E N C E S 

Q U E E N ’S A N T I Q U E S 
28o9 F re d e ricksb u rg 
H ours: 9-5 
•f A iL F N b A N tlQ U te s ' 
Square Clawteet Table 
H A T T IE ’S A T T IC in Colonies North Molt 

T H E 
Different Drummer 

M rs, m a n n e r 812-544o2 342-5o7o 
L F N O X bone china, 17 pic k e set- 

Antiques-Accessaries-Collectables 
1o7o T O W N S E N D , 826 37*4 H 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
To Sell your Antiques 

Bldg term s tree del 651-8111- 
F or A L I N E W ond U $ E D Kitchen 
Fqi'ipm ent and Supplies See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
199o Son PttriT} 
733-o931 in d u st ria l G ra d e 
FCfTsXTE 
Meta! Shelving, V ario u s Length and Widths, Call 276-4141 ext. 41 
Between 8 :3oam and 4:3opm 
Linotype Model I. "win* 
For Sole one m ag and 4 pi. type mats, in g o o d c o n d itio n 
1175 OO. C a ll 
334-3925, Pearsall, Texas 
F O R S A L M :"4 I1 
94 Boot Sbupi d 
Conference Table 818-9o61 
38 ti F a b te x m o b ile p la H o rm 
735-9137, 8:3o till 5: 3o_____________ l i lt P ro d u ce d isp la y case, g a r- meet rocks, gononto-.. tobies etc. 
Po ce 473-2573 533-9o9*___________ 
H O T P b x R oote r's portable 2oi 

894 BOATS, MOTTOS 

7 7 T !o !r?n n u m b o !3 T ?H T u rrn o n r 

W M U m a tines sam n e 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 
1976 Travel Q ueen 27 ft, 
Luxury Lim Helot Home. lear bath. butH-in IV, built in vocuum cleaner 
Cab: 

817-773-3363 

Geed shooe 
S3M. 
223-241(5, 
811-9513. 
A lum inum 1o Jon B as!) carpet and seats, perfect tor pond fish- 
W f. $75. 623-244*. 
14' A r k a n s a s f r a v e le r , ' t s h p 
E v t n r u d e a n d T r o lle r . $8oo. 
6*4-/95o ask tor L o rry 
*72 A rro w g la ss Clieetah. 17’ y It 
T ri Hull. W alk T h ro u g h W>nd- sh e ild I65h p M o i c r u is e r Ste rn 
O rlve, 1-o Pow er Trim Tondum 
Dilley O rlve O n Trailer. Skis, Lite 
J a c k e ts. E x c e lle n t C o n d itio n . 
$3o5o 658-4179. 
>1 Ife R 'o w 6 l a L s ?I t!' . "d« *o ~ 

Mortn« 
8 W tvKF 
1 2 o 7 W H ild e b r a n d 
7 3 2 - 8 2 3 3 

 twin M h.p. M ere . tandem Oillev trailer $3,595, *54 744o 
I 
B olb co 2o io ilb o u l with irorier 
Bow pulpit, cabin top handrail*, depth sounder, deluxe interior, m a s t c a r r ie r s , G e n e o s h e e t winches, electrical system , self contained toad, outboard m otor bracket, boom vang, anchor with rode, E v in ru d e 4 H P m otor with tank. Saturn com pass, sails- m om w orkin g lib, ISO N G enoa storm lib, sail and tiller covers, $52o8 
349-2381 or *9o-7151 
T T T A -n ix ii k A lT V e n T u r T 5 v 

U S E D R I G S ! ! alg*. Tri Hull, 
Nm# C *m *l#H beep 
V 
Bun. 
8 un eh out Bet a 14-1o ft. 
A ll R e c e n t B o a t S h o w 
T r a d e In s 
$ 7 2 5 - $ 3 5 o o 
Open Saturday and Sunday fiN • P.M. 

H O L I D A Y M A R I N A 

 l a k e M cQ u e e n e y 
5 5 7 6 6 2 2 

MOBILE HOME 
SERVI 
H O M ! 
ICE 

* r n D O W N S 
* M t-lM VtUNQ 
* R O O K C O A T IN G 
6 M S U * A N C I 
SOUTHPORT 

M O B I L E H O M E S 
Hmm 

 gallon turtle. Good condition (SSS. 
6746836___________________________ 
IB M E le c tr ic T y p e w r it e r s, 
Model D, S35o-S42S 222 1445 
IT 

WHOLESALERS 
SALE freight Damage and 
Odd Lot Md*. 

Iwift-le App.-Kitchee 

Kefnfetators-Oishweslwrt 
M krew ave Ovens 

S A V E U P T O 5 o % 

I f 21 L HOUSTON 
(S Wki east et Oewntowe For 
Office-Farimtf ot rear of bldg. J 

 m m m m i 

 ting plus 12 luncheon plates and sauce bowl S6oo Tuxedo pattern, all ported 494-714o 

O N E A N D A L L 
H ere's the num ber for you to coll: 
*33-26oo, 633-o34o (cosh paid) 
J IM L IS T E R 

A p p a lo o sa G e ld in g R e g . 5 yr. 
W hite with B lac k spots Gentle 
54oo T r a ile r 2 w heel c u sto m 
Quick Sole >375. 1-755 81o3. 
B a b y C a lv e s S3o-S5o. G r o s s 
Calves S6o-S1Io. 922-8449.________ 
Blankenship B rah m an R anch . 
Reg. Brah m an Bulls, ve ry gentle. 
512-824-9773; *17-22*1.____________ 
B r a h m a n 
S t o c k e r s , 
C o w 
Stackers, Pairs. 648-1192 
B r ig h t J o h n so n G r a s s H a y in 
Barn. S4S a ton. Ja c k M in n e v . 
Quem ado 1-757-1329. 
_ 
C A T T L E , G o a ts, S h e e p a n d 
H orses tor sole. 622-9216. 
3 C e rtifie d B e e f M a s t e r B u lls 
416-2688; 426-2871 Oft 51 p.m. 

 eCustal Bernietae 
Sp rig gin g ond custom work, also chisel plow ing ond hay b u llin g 
I-742-8415 Schum acher Bros. 

B A R K E R S U P P L Y 

3 1 4 3 
S 
E 
M i l i t a r y 
D r . 

3 3 3 -6 o 4 1 
____________ 
N E E D building for form , ranch, co m m e rcial’ C oll Stu rd y Struc- tures, 494-3318,___________________ 
NO 1 Fertilized Coastal Berm ud a 
Hay Sutherland Sp ring SI.75 per bale in barn, m inim um 2S bales. 
226-o141.__________________________ 
Nuban and Alpine M ilk Goats for sale. 33*-2448.____________________ 
Pink Papered Prin ce H onk M o re in foal to G r a n d s o n of P r in c e 
Plaudit and Joke r B. O ther Q fr and Appaloosa M a re s and Fillies. 
Top stoodtine*., 341-8344 oft * p. rn 
I - P o lle d H e re fo rd C o w B r e d 
Sim mer!tot with halt Sim m e n tol 
Polled heifer calf at side ond I - 
O p e n h a il S im m e n t o l P o lle d heifer 18 mas. All SOSO 1-379-2396 
Ponies, I Welsh Filly SIS. I M or- 
9 o n-Poo Stud $12$. I Saddle with 
Pod SSO. 2 bridles SIS. 481-o) ll 

Coastal H oy near Poteel 
3JOO pales SI.75, 1 569-4o73 
C O A S T A L H A Y 
651-4111 

Pre tty , so u n d IO y r old m a re 
Shown E n g lish over fences, anil on the flat. Con go Western. Needs rider with som e experience. $75o 
1826-8721 eft 
6p.m. 
342-5148 j L i i l i d i f L M 

C O A S T A L S P R I G S 
79c B U 
M ixed Bluestem H ay Si.75 bote. 
1-947-337o; 1-947-3379.____________ 
CORRUGATED IRON 

A A D O R A B L E B A R G A IN A K C 
Y orksh ire Terrier M ale Puppy. 
655-5834. 
Adorable A K C Yorkte Puppies 
■ 534-1655 ■ 
A ffe c tio n P r o t e c t io n . 
B lo o d 
H ound-G erm an Shepherd h yb rid e ros* PUPS, l l w k*. 1-751-2679 
• A K C A F G H A N S * 
Top quality 
498-27o8 

I B M E x e c u tiv e 
1 5 " c a r r ia g e complete with stand $295. 458-7113 

• L E A S IN G • 
Specializing in B usiness and Professional Equipm ent 
Save Ton Conserve Capital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
B ioad w av 
227 
76o3 B i oudw gy 
' 
22/-43»l 
I m c o p /mite perfect condylion. 
Sm all am ount ol supplies. $*9.5o 
I H I B asse Ro 
733 7367 734 3o81. 
I M m icro fich e re a d e r p rin te r. 

R O C K B O T T O M P R IC E S an In voders and Deck Boats. Johnson and M e rcu ry*. Service and stor­ age at the Lake. R A Y S M A R IN E , 
C a n y o n L a k e , H w y 2473 n e a r 
Startz vine, 1-899 m o 
I 
WITH 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill Country Mobile Hom e site, IS m in N orth on San P e d ro O nly 
S it OO, S IO # d ow n , $21.66 p e r month., at 8 S tor 144 m onths. 
T h is one w ont la st tony. C a ll tod ay! 494-3419, 342-18o1 - L A 
K E C R O F T R E A L E S T A T E 
Am erican Mobile A M odular 

 o v e rh o a d protectors, t ra n s p a r a n tcy c a rtrid g e p rote ctor a n d copy m achine Sony videocorder. 
IB M dictating m achines Concord tape ca sse tte s and re c o rd e rs. 
D esks 342 w W oodlawn at Son 
Pedro i E A C l l IN C O O L E R . $888 Coke m achine. SISO Coin A ir H ockey table $95 Com m ercial dryer $95 
Call 224-6661 ar cam e bv 2942 E 

S 
T 
* E 
* A l b ' for 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Iron 

I i i ? lough 1 lumber....... 

Genuine Strong lam (on u s In lengths to 2o • 
. $24.85 

S S * Im ft. lotbood hts...........$4.f$ et. 
Asbestos Siding...... $28.95 sq 
Ooh Whiskey borith $14 95 es 
24o Bi $/o rig. roiors$l 3.45 sq 
IS lh felt, 4-sq tell.. $8.49 roll 
Insulation 3 " ........ 9'/i< sq. ft. 

Insulation 4''.......... 184 sq ft 
TMI MONEY SA VIK 
MosterChorgt lortkAmencard 
Where Cow luys et Wholesale 

# A K C A F G H A N S * 
P u p s * Stud Serv * 344-7288 att. 4 
A K C A F G H A N S 
-shorn. Pet 
655-5794 
A ile A F G H A N S , C hom p Lines 

518.95 per so 
F L O W E R S L S R CO 
2567 Goliad 
333-6171 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS 
F lo e * Y o ur 
Pot A d Today! 
Cad 
M is* M o o r# 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Cow P r $245. 4 m o Bra. Bull $135. 
G rass C alves 921-8649____________ 
Custom hand m ade saddles, over 
5o u se d s a d d le * in s to c k . 
H u n d r e d s of 1st a n d 2nd line boots. B and W Boot ond Tack, 4o5 
S Guadalupe St, San M a rco s, Tx. 
I 391-4674.________________________ 

B L A C K A N O T A N A K C G erm an 
Shepherd Puppies. 628-13o1. 

F E L P S H O R S E , S T O C K 
A N O G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a ir s , o n d 
Trailer Rentals, 4438 H w y 9o E a st 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333-1411 

B O R D E R C O L L IE S P u p s A.R.F. 
R eg $188. 649 1214. 

F E R T I L I Z E D J o h n s o n G r a s s 
Hay, SI IS bole. 826-1146 

Purebred A rab ian Stud Service 
F e e $75 to o th e r b r e e d s o r 
' jA rcb s $25o to A ra b s 456 oo2o; 
654-3/3*. 
Q U A R T E R 
H O R S E S : b ro o d m are, M c C u e breeding, S5oo; 3 y r. old g e ld in g , T h r e e B o r b re e d in g, som e tra in in g , $75o 
658-7568. Cibolo.__________________ 
R A N C H F E N C IN G B Y B E N K E 
674 15o4 
R e g . A G M A S tu d w o u ld m a k e yo'. J Uftoinq 6 y rs 674 2o56. 
IO R E G 
B R A H M A N B U L L S 
Gentle 19-23 Met, 633 oB67 
2 Reg. Ok G ra y B ra h m a n Bulls 
Both e xtra gentle, w ith p ro ve n progeny. M a n se ond A A Breed- ing. 1-569-3116 otter 4 p.m. 

453 94*4 
Ake Basset fem ale 22m os beou- ttful tri color, 735-6914____________ 
A K C B a s s e t H o u n d s 2’^ y r s I mole 
I fem. 
Sell both Choop 
626-1968. 

C h a m p io n S ir e d W e im a r a n e r 
Puppies. Elm endorf 1-393-6754M 

. Fe rf lined Coastal H ay large bates 
I $1.75. I 628-2858__________________ 

Ch Bred Tiny U K C Toy Fox Tar nor*. Fox Terriers. 661-38o7 

F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S T A L H A Y 
333-1918____________ 

C H O IC E A k e P e k in g e se p u d s , 
7wk* $85, 686-o178. 
Dachshund Pup pies 8 w ks 
684-1859___________ 2___________ I 

F E R T I L I Z E D C O A S T A L H A Y , 
S to re d in s h e d 
SI.S O a b a le . 
533-5145 aft 4 a n d w e e k e n d s 
*77-817o; 677-8216.________________ 

A K C Boston Tarriers, female 
____________534-683o 
_______ 

Doberm an Pinscher male, 2 yrs. 
No papers. $58. 622-1631 

A K C C O L L IE S . HOO 
661-31o7 
A K C C O L L IE S , Ch Sired 
611-6$) I 

Fo r Sale G erm an Shepherd P u p ­ pies and M ixed T errier Puppies 
112-7916________ 

F L A T B E D T r a ile r 1976 A lice , 
22x1 ft dual axles, dec. b ro k e s 
Perfect tor hay hauling $21oo. 
712-564$._________________________ 

R e g H ah Arab ian gelding 18 y rs 
16 bonds, gentle. Spirited , exp rider $65o A lso I yr 15.2 h a n d s 
Bay Qtr type gelding needs work, spirited $3oo with saddle, bridle etc 
CaH otter 
3:38 w eekdays 
494-624o 
__________________ 
Registered Point Filly, 9 m a* old. 
H a lte r b r o k e n 
G e n tle . $45o. 
1-257-1oo9 Kerrville.______________ 
R e g N ub ian D a iry G oats. N a n ­ nies. 1-336-2337.__________________ 
R e g Polled Herefords. B u lls tor sole, oil ages. 341-76oo. 
R e g Qtr H o rse s, B ro o d M a re s. 
Y e a rlin g s, 2 yr old s a n d older 
Too Bloodlines Boerne 1-249-2956. 
M od mo 1-5o9-7741. 

F a r S a le : I J e r s e y C o w s a n d 
Calves. 692-1797._________________ 

A K C D A L M A T IO N P U P P IE S 
4SS-3693 349-3o15________ 

F R E E C O C K A POO, 
684-5461 i old I for »«*• J '* " Houston A sso c Sad- a a r* a a. 
^ 
^ 
|.257-8544 Kerrville 

A K C D o b e rm a n s 4 pu p p ie s weeks old. 923-3858. 

• F R E E P U P P IE S * 
Bro Healthy 
676-3918 

A K C Eng. Sp rin te r Spaniel Pups, 
C h S ire d , sh o ts, e x c Q u a lity.! 

F R E E S M A L L B L A C K M A L E 
DO G 623-1S97.___________________ 

F a r Sa le quality 
1-169-1663 

N u b ia n M ilk G o a ts, bloodlines 
Boerne 

Reg R o te Horse, good for begin­ ners *84 2827 BUS. 679-7687 
R U S S I A N 
H O G S , p u r e b r e d . 
B reed ing Stock, full g ro w n and pigs Atter * p m. 826-3718 
3 S A D D L E S goad cond. for sale 
62*-7o15. 

F O R S A L E Reg 5 yr old >i Sun mental ■> Hereford H igh fertility 
G e r m a n S h e p h e r d P u p p ie s 2 
Gentle Bull, Sire d bv B ism u rk 
Shaw p. I. 735 1*18, 926-o144. 

LUMBER BARGAINS 

") A K C G erm an Shorthoired Pointer 
Puppies I w ks shots, wormed. 
676-69o3 

 males 7 tem. for sale. 674 15o6 att 
1:3o p m 
G e rm a n Shep herd Pup pies, mole $4o tem **1541o 
$5o 

 re tu rn of I latei Wall faun 
$3.5o 

H O M E S IN S A N A N T O N IO . Inc 
922-7191___________________922-o441 
74 B a r r in g t o n 14 bv44 

T y p e Se ttin g, P r in t in g E q u i p ­ m ent, IB M C o m p o se rs, F o n ts, 

?>4 I emu! Mo 3 soled 
7o< 

A K C G erm an Shepherd Puppies. 
Intern'I Ch. Bloodline. 653 2751 

$11.o$ 

 un tu r- rn shed. I bedroom -1 bam 667 1495 
2 B e d ro o m s. l"» b o th *. l l x * S 
H A L L M A R K , 21' liv in g ro o m , 
1*ooo 453 28o3 

M acG regor, traitor, im m aculate 
$1675 o26-9519 w 

* CLEARANCE ? 

5 
SALE 
+ 1976 
MIN! 
Mo1oR * 
HOMES, 
Going at I 
Dealers Cost 
* 

* 
I 817-773-3363 
I 

ChrisCrott witfi trailer, Sl$o4, 
. or best ofter Needs repair Day. 
I 648-oo13. mte, 824-9111 
75 Cobia 2ott. Center console bool 

S a il Boof! T W t rim a r a n , 
Trailer Alum Mast, M ain Sail lib 
OSSO. IBI-)111._____________________ sailboats • Canoes, forge selection 
N E W S a -'boot Stop, Austin 
684 Highland M all Blvd. 454-7171 
" P Y D E R ' 

115 hp OB, front c a n v a s cover, ga iv trader excel cond 454-88S4. 
227 5187. 

B a ss Boat D om oiutrators 
New motors, traders. S2295 
4611 Randolph Blvd 
454 o)88 
D IS C O U N T B O A T S A L E S 

2 B E D R O O M Unfurnished. $4*95 
R E O R IV E R Mobile Hem es 
613-o781_____________. 
Beryl s M obile H em e Center 
N E W ond USED-651-4961 
14511 IH-1S N O R T H (Selm a E xit) 
- * H jimuvillo BM. Wide k x i * . I br., 2 bath 
P a rtia l fu rn ish e d , c e n tr a l h e at, a ir . 
A s s u m e 

Etc. $1,oo8 tor inform ation leading I to the arrest and conviction Gulf i 
Coast Negative Service, Houston, 
713 528 1711 
Aeznor W arehou se Heater, R e t nor 12o.8oo B T U output. 115 volts, w ith th e rm o sta t. SI99.5o 1131 I 
B oss# Rd., 733 7367, 734 3oo1 M B I 
Taylor tw in ice cream m achine. 

 payments, m oving closing costs 
1-5311 

 pinball machine, pool table som e com m ercial kitchen equipm ent 
249-o164 days; 249-2o7o evenings. 
Boerne, Texas 
T y p e w r it e r , S C M o ffice typ e model 48o $124.5o U S I B a s s* R d 
731 73*7. 7)4 I M I 
544l B isk tracks t it 

W d o e n i 
4.8 r (OX Hypoed 
$6.oo 
*«8 i plywood 
$)o.Y$ 
?4i ?4 Aluminum Wind** $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM 9ATIo DOORS 
Afoot 
. . . . . . . 
M O 

“ C A S M A N O CARBY" 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 

1247 I. Dwrenye 
SS* S H S 

A K C G re a t D an e p u p s , F a w n s 
SISO. Term s. 913-649*.____________ 

G o rm a n S h o rth a ire d P o in te rs. 
Ch. Sired. E im tn d e rf 1-393 *754. 
G IV E A W A Y 
5 yr Old Shepherd to good hem e * 9» 145* 

A K C 
H A R L E Q U I N 
G R E A T 
............... I III 

G olden R e trie v e r 7 me. 
_ i '; i light color. *53-5194. fem ale 

A K C IR IS H Setters. 
Rloodline* 492-1112 
C h a m p ia n 

A K C Irish Setter P u p s 
________ 655 9197 
GOLDEN HETBIEVEfUKC 
Fem * m o* $7$ o2* 7463 

A K C 
Ir i s h s e n o r p u p p ie s . wormed, shots. *5o-o44o__________ 

Groat D anes Reg. Lowest prices in town. 922-2oo6, eft 12 neen 

A K C Ir is h Setter P u p p ie s F o r 
Sole. SSD Cell after 5 111-le u . 
A K C L A B R A D O R P U P S 
Ch. lines. SOS. 116-3191 

GREAT DANES 
Cham pion sired. 1-755-6696 

Bull to t several future breeding s e rv ic e ye a rs. Saltine for only 
S7So because off S p rin g H eifers have reached breeding age 
658-1oB1- 
______ 
______ 

SHALLOT ONIONS 

F a r Sale 2 Top Quality R e g G en­ tle G ra y B rahm an Bulls. 4 y rs and 
I y r s old 
Beth lightly u sed on 
R e g herd Fertility Test previd ed Your Choice S U S * eg. 695-8283 
G entle B la c k m ore, g o o d w ith ch ild ren . T a ke best offer. C a ll 
66* 8oo$ after * .3o 
■ H A Y Delivered ■ 
I-*43-33*1. I 997 37*7 
H A Y F O R S A L E . H o g a n *o88 bales 
1-449-13S6, 
1-449-IS9I, 
1 *49 5721,________________________ 

Elephant G arlic G ro w e rs wanted 
They m ultipiy a ia n l p rod u ction producing acre valued soOOu plus 
Wolfing Notional M arket. All you con product. 733-1137 
Sorrel Gelding IO yrs. Eng., Wool 
Pleasure, lum ping exp. Not Rep. 
$7oo firm 224-7541 DOV; 433-4615 m u 
4 Sow s w ith 12 p ig s, 2 S o w s to i 
Standing at Stud Real Contender 
A A A bv T hree C h ic k s bv Three 
B a rs out of Deep M a rn e (T B I by 
Depth C h a rg e (T B ) HOO M a r e ’ 
C a re $2.oo or d a y . F ir e M o o n 
R a n c h . B -jn d o ra . T x . 7ooo3, i i i 7*9-44*5. 
Sm oki and 
Phil i Kindle.________________________ 

Pf 
I 

I 
A M T e x T R A V E L C E N T E R 
M B I N IM L O M 4)o 
7i4 «m 
M otor Hem e1 
M i 
-7* 
I B ' S 
$9888. 432 S I I* after * 
— sI »~rTT7-) C h a m p i o n K 

 rapt air, N M bath Like now 

LEMEILLEUR 
•Aoijile H o m e S a le s 
K E R R V IL L E , T X 
(1)257-434* 
M T W £ sp ch m oa mater Roma. 
Air power plant New tires Lew m iles Clean *84-8423. 924 831* 
73 Dodge Banner 2f 
,8oo m il, i l l e xtras, fully excellent 

DON S MARINE 
2931 Roosevelt 924 o53* 
H E b b tid e h ig h p e rfo rm a n c e b a ss boat c o m p le tily load ed 
54JOO atter J *75 /19! 
IV n e t S J L A S * ' *5 H P m o i*; canupy t needer!* condition Skis, plenty eatras 3*4VMO l f F ib e rg la ss Ba--*, boat 2o Up johnson, g a ' a im ed Duly Ironer, excellent $115o 333 o522 tilt Bo>s boa! 
IJ ih p "jo h n so n " pow er tilt T ro ll m otor, depth finder big wheel g a iv trailer 
178oo *34 71*8 
17ft F ib e rg la ss boat and Ironer wide ond deep 
/sup J o h n so n . 
5115o 433 o784 
TTT.- i S S T 
T 
O 
^ r r e T S t t o drat halt walk thru w indshield. 
I IS h p O M C 
I O 
Ster n o r i ve. drivoan custom traitor, m ony ex- rotor air, tufty i I m . 5388o Attar sam. *$*-5479 
74 m 
— OSU? Anafor ' T i U f l 
Johnson O B trolling motor ond 
Dilly (u s io rn frailer l oaded with e x tra s 
E x c e lle n t cond s i l t s 
D ays 277 225$ E v e s 3*4 4455 
TW M F d 'la *"*,'' I ii a." V i' m m T M g 
M e re 
M o r o r g u id e tro lle r n a ile r ll l«> M o m uinei pre owned rigs available n j 9618 y’i iJTlosir on Til boar rf o u lb o a rd bool with ski accessaries. I JOhp 
| Volvo engine *V4 7JJ5 r 4 H >vgsTT gff 

] m % W iW iite S i'p p l u s 
H o a ls m o t o r s ti a il g r s 

After i p rn 
1-53o 3994 
'■'' fit ook wood 17*k44 

$o3$ R o o s t v u l f 
O P E N IO lo 5pm 
Two if long ponioons, wood con structign, m a d * tor deck boat protect not ca m p lo lg d $15o in ciudts plans and h a raw a rt 
611-2446.__________________________ 
Used riib ergiots Y o ch is 

 i owner c e n tr a l h e at a ir, s k ir t in g 
2 bdl ms, I both $*5oo 494-114o 
B a y' TSI Is m o rn in g 

U T F F 
333-6o1o g it 21o Data Processing 
M g r 

 wniiEieiiBiecs 

 m ove mob it on this ofter noon L a rg e 
H IH C o u n t ry site . I i m in 
N 
P a y m e n ts le ss than re n tin g in p a rk L A K E C R O F T R E A L B S 
T A T E, 494 1419 or 342 (OOO 
B Y d w N f ? r - m i T w r n g m s I 

983 BUILDING MATERIALS 

A g M r 'i T C m 
T s u -p T iT 
IOO! Austin St. 224 1437 u n ive rsal City, 4S8-631I 
AUTWflHffl W K i r " 

Save N S M o rg a n Pert. Storage 
Terms, Free Del 732-5171 

B e rtra m 25 26-11-44, H a tte ra s 
34-36-41, Cal 27 14 O T H E R S o47 
San d o ilar. R o c kp o rt. 729-1ooo; 
Corpus Christi, I S I 212o 
W h'/ f e H T o r f f r r f T Tg .o s l o o ! 
«ohg E v in ru d e M e te r, F u ll T ill trader $38o 144-NSI. if W 
P g WeTW ftT i Tl i a n i rap s 
2 in cabin, 4 sails, com plete rig ­ ging, castiron*, lights all eeuro ond traitor SI SOO 496-4821 

H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

 s r . " . ” a a . ' r s w x s . i ' t w y w t T 
O w w 
T i H builtins, cen tral air, lire p la c e . sm all equity, a ssu m e con tract 
Marron, Tx. (1)428 2o25 

D e liv e re d in Se n A n te n ie , $4. 
Ea ch 414-4911. 

In a 
D a m a g e 
1x1$, 
1x1*.Bide H eovy Duty Fleer, Del 
916-o328. iligfifky D a m ag e d i?x« 4 b o ra g e 
Heavy 
Duty 
Fleer 
F re t 
D#!.4$4- T?34 
IT p e cioi Price 2ox2* Soles Office 
Finished. 
Reduced. 
Free 
Del.911-436* t lx H 
A B L E B L D G carpet 

A K C Lha»a Apse, m ale, H i y rs eld had all h is sh o ts B eautiful 
Ugh! gold I S II- 338o or I 382 ll 19 
A K C L M A S O A P S O P U P S 
Also S T U D S E R V IC E 344-8o9o 
A K C L H A S O A P S O P U P S 
Also S T U D S E R V IC E 344-8ooo 
A K C Norw egian Elkhound P u p s v a r y re a s o n a b le , m o l t s a n d tam ales 6o6-2172 _______________ 
A K C P o k in g o se P u p p ie s 7 w k s 
S83. 634 .CBB______________________ 

H olt A la s k a n H u sk y - H alt G e r ­ m an S h e p h e rd s S4S-S3S. Shots, gugronfeod M a lty 1-379-8o12 
3 m ale Ch B lo o d lin e Sh e tla n d 
She«5»dogs (Sh o rn **) |V» m o* all shots. Pedlgrog 1 *7 5 *1 1 4 

H A Y F O R S A L E C e o s f a l a n d 
Johnson Gt a 
*1o-1o48. 
H a y g r o ie r le rflliie d . no ram . si.ss. Lytle area, 1-771121* 

Stocker C ow s, S le e k e r H e ife rs land g ra ss calves. 
648-1911; 
668-3144 
_________ 

I M ale D ob erm an Pugs. 2 n o s 
$6o eo 63*-6o7 3.__________ 

H O R S E S H O W 
B e g . W e st . 
M a cA rth u r H S L e isu re Stables. 
12 
M a r 
9 : N e m . 
E v e n in g s 
66f-l$ U .__________________________ 

S U O A N H A V 3$ So. at 41o 
SI IS mid SI N __________ *13-4967 

H O R S E 
S T A B L E S . 

4x24' G ooseneck Troller, used I times $17oo or best ofter 484-2263. 

■ 
__ 
4 s e r e s 
M ini Fem ale Poodle, will give lo > fenced. Water and teed. I Blk oh good heme. *9t 237$. 
! Huebner R d $73. 498-8166. 

Y o u n g Sow s. O u rg c . I T ro lle r trom e 
Younn 
Roosters 
S3 
*49 1274 

N e e d S tu d S t r e t t o fa r G r e a t lf you h o v t n i found the rig h t 
Done. no papers 924-4834 
I s ta llio n to r y o u r m a re , c e ll 
............ 
1 
" 
*53 6812 or 227-1561 A G H A point ond Arebten ovotlobi* 

 burnish, d i s 4] ip a rfo n travel i trailer nice1 $3388 Call 111 2741, 
333-4847 
M enifee I f l V , ' S-ltedroem s i bath, utility room L a rg e dining room Like new! 684-M43 

LEPPARD KIMBER# 
D oer end Window M inding, T i " on Sa le 18c, So lid C e re D e e r s 
S II 38. N ew and U sed W indow s and D oo r* 3181 W Com m erce 

 has sraitnttfi goods 
Vvrw 
SPW WTS I iilg g V v u v 

 action Sale or Trade 496-I381 
Over i l 88 d u n s ta choose iVrom 
B U Y — S E L L — T R A D I: 
I 
BRIdfSeBR txBBR rife gu , i >i IT for rifles sh o g u n s' ante!* 7)6 1794 

INSTANT CASH 
LEftM ISlllM tERol 
■cid D oo r* • I* * in thick 97 

For used mobile hornet 
I o24-1248 
926-4424 

Bl Fold 
H ig h SI$.88, New Screen D oo rs 
S I I SO We m enuf alw rn iu m n W in­ dow Screens. 11o1 W Com m erce 

 m HIW I IIC I f (SHING 

■ m n ; condition 
7o,ooo cgnteinod. 
333-9Q2o 
_________ ll Dod-it ▼ re v c o All extras, new *$ h p w alk th re u g h 
S9ooU eves J49 USS 

*76 E L D O R A D O M IN I 22' 
Like new, 1,o8o mi 
T R A D E T E R M S , $11,988 

 iTn'TrV V 'tTuTT n d s R g iid nylon carpet, large oilier trailer, sp e e d o m e te r, g o a t a n d M e te r 
Cover P h i* extras Le avin g Town 
M ust Soh i i Motor M rs 
$138o 
*53-o994 
LE M EILLE U R 
M O E H L E H O M E S A L E S 
K E R R V I L L E T X 
<1)237-4364 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
* M cQueeney, Sli-SS) < 

27 a c re s h u n tin g co u n try S S *} down paym ent $44 97 per mo Big deer, turkey, le v e lin g On fence ling et tare* ranch Financed by 
I Bettor, f <4-8181 
A m erir a i’ 5poiT sm an Club nrom"- ber ship unlim ited hunting, tish ink tam .I, p , ilv $62$ Sell for 
1 S ilo * 9 * a l i i Eves. 
F IT f t W r q i i c T 
Ioni.s, lri*«!ino 
; C ountry Boss, Cattish, Croopro and Perch $1o day 333-6935 

J I RUMRILL KOMES 
New-Used, 1168o IH 33N *55-o471 
LEO N SP R IN G S 
P e rm a n e n tly in stalle d 2-1-4 be droom units on tree covered lots 
Chem link fence, storage build 
■ •ie* « m c i etc p atio s en d t a r g a m . B e au tifu l co u n try liv in g lu st 2o m inutes north en IH 1o 
*9o 71o7 149-2647 
BILL P R IC E R E A L T Y y r w o i i u iio s J 5)e~ 7 z r y i i ; ' droom , I bath. central heal air tau tly assum e 492-9251 
M S h il'T 
'W a a r gW W 'gffA— 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
LU M B E R 
We vc gat lets at it it you need any quantity, bring your Ust and bring your m oney We guarantee to save you money. 

A K C Poem # Puppies $73 
699-o353 

 od. lets et giass. air, hoot nearly m agi* oil cades 
$39oo 
34 1 23o6 
Ix ll* . "Ix flh, wood > (instruction. 

A K C poodles, silver. I wk I mate. 
I tamale. I H T *33-»*4$ 

 finished ■ 
1-249-3661 interiors. 
B o o rn e 

A K C R oe Bu I vet A va ila b le tor 
Stud Service *76-2688. 

NORWEGIAN ELKHOUNDS 
A K C puppies CH sired CH dam. 
B e a u tifu l p e d ig re e 
E x c e lle n t dog Stud service. 633-2661 
Norw egian Elkhound P u p s. A K C 
R e g Ch Bloodline B ac, g ro tto dogs, S I N 364171o 

IH 248 Tractor, R u n * Good 3 pf. hook up hydnliac. power toke off. 
, SI 19$ Also Double Oise Plow $12$. 
1 249-81 $3 B or erie 

 l l yr. Old A Q H A H orse Stud, tor sale. Father is Glory Be Good Top 
A AA. m other is D on n a Leu Tao 
AAA, Saddle brake. Call affkom ll 426-1116. J 
4 yr old M are, Sorrel A G H A Reg. 
2 Eyed Jack bloodfin**, B red lo 
Skip 3 I Pom !) SI 5oo 688-9S18. 

A K C R e g D achshu nd Red, tem. 8 

98/ rUMlTUnt 

 i i A u f i t J I" 6 u lgl# h ,'f1zV 1' 

A K C R e g N orw egian Elkhound $ 
"*os_ housetro'iied 35b_*y» » ! * ' 

W o 
•od, I m ac m ug choirs, cocktail ' 
‘ end bibles, $19$. velvet 

• «*«ior* 
L "( 5 l 
_______ 
Att trnrnh^m m 

O B E D IE N C E C L A S S E S 
F g r G e rm a n S h m n e r d * R e g is lr a to n M a rc h 2 and 9.126-3128 or 
688-M38. 
___________ 

 t o m n i m i B H M i n m r n r n t m w m m 

Coach $188 L e v * Sggf t is Choirs 
Asserted C o ld s Chrom e and 
I M 

A K C Shelf I* Pup pies MS-S13S 
U L U * I 

• O B E D IE N C E C L A S S E S * d o s s e s start M a rc h 7th 
B ayishatron F a g lis t and 78th 
S. A DO G T R A IN IN G C L U B 
MS-4734, S34-I886. 344-6839 

G loss Todies SIS E a ch AH W oad 
B e d ro o m Sets, D in e tte s 
C a n 
Deiivgr S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
149-4127 
6liH A V I6 hut Weaver Uteri 

A K C S H IH T Z U P U P P Y 
M R 
***-7694 

Old E n g lis h Sheepdog P g p p ro t 
82»-$7$y otter * p m 

A K C Shew Q u o l.lv D a b a r m a n 
P u p p .e s l l w ks, R e d -T e n . B lk 
Taw, 922-1784, 926-6326 __________ 

P A R R O T D b l Y eltgw tieed with ag. and ifuntl I . ', ’ 
I VI; b o r ref Double Yellow Heed trendy Beuulitui *9* 434* co m p le te H e u se tu l F u r n it u r e 
WHI Trade tor E q u al value All or 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
$44 Seguin Rd 
226-3141 

Monett Lumber Co 

■ 
Need a little extra cash > 
W E bur M ob il* Home Tires end 
Wheels $1o E a ch B rin g rn ar ma 

SUNSET M O B ILE H O M B ! 
2762 S.W M IL IT A R Y D R 

 ym r r g u T i v g i r . " u » m n 
$13,544 69B-I7M t o * ! i i rn. n SUC W , air. g w t r U r . " h B l - ad S to ry $13 *4o I I N M 2 ) 

Open E v e ry d a y excepf M onday 
H ‘A l e s s B e e t l i t J o h n s o n 
HILL COUNTRY 

OMC Mo'rif HoiTm 
U.J.I, OKU 
- JI. 
P H O N E 
*617211 
C S C n V H * AdkBTlB* B d * r k lim T I ■ T 
8Tai im, ioeded, perfect ss* 7*97 j lu x u r y Mote. biome * x r * ll* « II I 
•74. V e g a to n d 24 R self < am aine* 
• ir 
^ f t f t r i l R i sleep* 
I 

Mates 668 76*1 *$6/1*9 n x s r s u x s m r r n m u r - 
L im ite d M e m b e r s h ip , up to 3 w e e k s use a e r re a r s u i 
•»* week 
Ii 
L u x u ry Mater 
U H M * 

533 att * p i’n b u a r I bourd, le t* than 128 h r s 24 ft 
BOM, ii oiler cav ar. $7238 
I u ti a I 

— 
T n u v T t D r r r a r r a — 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L I S 

 i, nam 
COM 691 

IN M. ) M i north at Beer n« 
2 
B O X i if, 
S.A 
226-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-1 P M w t r ^ s m r w m 
T m m trod mirror and trailer 631 S il l i f - I T s'm L a . iU o t wW f T y r e T 
*954 COM 144 4788 
TS 

DEER HUNTING 
*27$ P B R B U C K 
TBT R A N C H 
($12)14/ SMT. »B P M 
IIM IntVr'fifWPIcUp, I J M drive ST SB I /48-I498 cdf $ 
TI J I E P riiegeneer T p e rtw n om 

922 o54o 
H 'T i l W H ’B g N r H a A I V l be dream s, central an heal 681 1371 

3 bedroom s A ssa m * ar refinance 
5*544 *38-9831 avos 
\m I.rf Bol. ITMI 

Dependable Since 1933 
CaH or sa* us tor delivered price* 
(w ith in *8 m r at I A 
I en 
P R E F A B real trusses, exterior well section*, interior partitions, or com plete h o u se S H I L L en year plank ar ears. w h o l e s a l e r e t a i l 
487 N Zertam era. 437 /8*1 
NI 'ri?THg~(JLFBTU ffll'i" fell 
H a rry et 224-6*41 or cam 8 2942 E. 
Houston 

 power. car, aued ratrac anywhere in comfort, air cruise, I OO Bap 822-9614 
M a rlin U M le ve r p e tite wltll 
Nikke scape, excellent cond S I I* 
For rotor ceil 349 4644 l u l l Io <' k r ill i o n * hu'eev 

 se lf te n lam ed air, 3 way rdfrlg . I hold­ ing tanks, stooge 4, rocks, hftch, rodder end la g ig g d tack Perfect canW ton *84-8641 t t y l i m a 

Q j i i ti fli filS lp il 
# flfw 
LUMBER 

T U T 

 l f ua#< f toro ( r u i * * ' libero lass. in beard, aul beant Uke new with lf hrs S IM * 536-495* 

_ 
Stoa#* 4 1144 week 6 18c m d# *35 2232 

IM I .chg M e rcu ry SJI43 
IM I l « t M h p M ercury. S ilt s t*h H K * M ercury, 3)454 left Cote #ihp P f Jannson. SCJ** 
IIH B a ss M t o M er c o r* $4146 
I B S M A B IN E 
H and* Teau* 42* D W 
• • t o d y * . 1 1 6d*or8d» 
Tw r r a ------------------ 

SB K 
IU U lt I t * 5913 f t i f i 'T f B 
G u 'Hi'’T e x e s''Kunlfno teds* D eer, quail, dove h e y * 
S e rie u k h u n te rs g * f « r e n c * s 
L»uu i anteed tong awner sa h i fat iron (111)717 f l i t or *2 * B I M 
Bilgy SPM , 
_____________ 
A aril iii I mi se lend! rii'Ch it** k ut 
I ■ shm o I s n * s Piotor Norfheosi 
Bexar Civ M I N H 

 m f m 
S r I 
Very teed cdadftoai *95 lt/4 
“ • r a p r o t l 'a h ' y i i b --------- 
F O B U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
I M 3244 
914 4424 

I X I tx * 
2x1 

Quod Lum tor-Q ood L«npfhs 
L F 

Some Con Oeiivor S M IT H CO N 
S T R U C T IG N 149-4127. b i m i V l B E u rn V 2 7 rriV o y h .il lu n e Bassett Stria, Thom asville and Other N om e B ra n d s Avoiio bl* al S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Pleas* come m ake an ofter on oil at I P H K * 349-4127 
I A M L V A m e rican A e d rggm 49lf. includes T riple D re sse r, Hatch, 
M irror. C tosl. Night Stand, Bed and Foundation *239 D isplayed 
Only. C BR D eliver S M IT H C O N 
S T R U C T IO N 349 4127 g r f w i u in. i s u e m p ffrest. 2 Box S p rin tt rn 
| Foundation. H S. Still rn Or•#•*»< 
; P o c k a o * Other S u e s Cast Less. 
' Con Deliver. S M IT H C O N S T R U C j TIO N. M M I g ; _________ 
K O ' oik.us oJw nlow n Thrift 
B a sem enf, N ow ated furniture 
211 E Com m erce. 227 *1*1 
'"LJ[g g T T C ^ « J rW m ^ > r a " " 
Used Furm lura ond AppUdnces 
943 C O L IS E U M D R 
TIS 7444 
M g B IY f l 'l A M H B K ln g su e 1 7 

A K C Tiny Blk tem Poodle Sdk- ig fm ts c h Lme~s>>- 43S-3192 
A K C Tiny Tov Peed*#* 
_______ k ild B M _______ 

Pekingese IS mas, mole SS# 
___________423-3 I M 

A K C Tov Poodle pupoies Silve r j btige mote et slug *33 o373 I 

P u p p ie s ' j S a m , m a l t * S IS , fem ales t il. 626-2389 

 a r c While Fem ale G orm an Sto-I abord 4 yrs. 533-4SC 

R eg Am erican PU Bull T a rrie rs 
I I I 
| il l III U M 

A K C Yurkte Pugs. Stud Service 
733-6831. 734-173o 

Reg Doberm an Pinscher pups, I 
•emotes left Call ofter * and wee kotos. I 742-4821 
6 Reg Irish Setter puppies ond 
A K I T A 
P u p p ie s . 
S I I # t i l t j mother *45 eg *3) 4*33 aff I 

'T ri' 

*36-1317. KOPP CdWtng. 

L 
B tfo r t You Buy... 
VISIT DACBERT’S 

O U M T W 
I I K • F O I C E S S L A S H E D 
Of! N o n a s • O r g a n s - G u i t a r s • D r u m * 

All K nob s P ia n o s ................................................... 1 o % O ff 

N tw Kim ball W hitnoy Piano, to o S U rtK .... J triw c o ri to ( I N 

Ktmboll model 3oo O iqon, Roo I l i f f . .. R edw cgri to $ 1 l f 5 

Kim ball Of ond Piano, R ig I j j t f . . . . . . . R t d w c t d t o $ 2 1 9 1 
DACBERT’S r 
S H O # om Hmm N g r f h s i d * S t o r e e n d S a v e 

S 2 3 5 W 
A L Z E M R D . - 6 5 4 6 6 6 1 
O M M u f h s l d * > o r | o 1n S t o r y 

1 4 o o N o Q o l f t o B • 3 1 3 - 6 1 5 1 

A L A S K A N M erom ut* m ole 4 w ks i m . 

S H O L T IS P U P S , m iniotur* COF lies) I m ales, tri color, $75 up 
E M -lH i-e r *6 » 4*)9 

A m e ric a n Pit B u ll P o p p ie s for 
•has* who dem and th# tine*! Beth s ir * ond d4im U K C P R 
B re d 
R o o dags, inteliiaeni royal ond ggHBHLMftfBl iQf 
oflC€ you own o P i t re v ti n e v e r b t ii WH! t i l . 
______ 
ANIMAL DEFENSE 

S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s , lu st h orn . 
Avoitohfe in * w ks t i l 492 2672 
S I B E R I A N H U S K IE S , l l w kt, reg. to m a lt P a r e n t s pointed 
A U M I L BUL 

9?tl CAMEBA PHOTO 

5moll Stl.ei Peadle, tom Intern I 
Ch Lm e/J4i 796*. 

 r n 
S u b m ln io T T n T W T io T fo ip v com ern with autom ahc eapesur* meter tgM sot af ton*#*, tiller sot, a n d cu be e o n $158 total v a lu e 
U M I SBcrm c4 188 or roa»4MwKto offer 424 79)5 

NAVARRO RIANO CO. 
• A E Y G R A N O R I A N O 

- k 'f l L ________________________ 
S P R IN G E R S P A N IE L P U P S 
| 
Ch of Stop * 49* )4»2 
92? IXttCAl NUTWmtMT; 

11184 N o c of d o ches R d 
I (9-11: 

19' ic L F 
26C L F 

 d r i l l to to . I Pfoc* Con Deriver 
$17$. 
S M IT H 
- - 
- - 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SM Seguin Rd. II* 3141 

C O N S T R U C T IO N 
R F 4 l g . 
I 
T p io ce dieofto, ie t n s -g it c o 1 
L iv in g room . 5149 9$ A sso rte d chair*. 48.85 aa 

Roto Stowe I days (8-1 l i t a m 
1 4 p m i N e e d L o v in g h e m e * te rrie r. C h ih u a h u a Sh e p h e rd , 
Popple*. Kitten*. M o n y ether* AH 

B A B Y L IO N C U B tor solo 
/ a m / a a 

 f u l l a i r o a n I s A b c 
Poppies B lo * or Block 
S IM to $684. Term * 
1-488-sets. 

C i D d M M t iB V 
6-il. HPt'r 
U H W W , BAU7WW I M T 
( n m 
||pn ii y y n 

•A IT M A R G U U REW, m w m u i i N i o u h 

BOO-Aril K U T * FIAftU 

F y p m e jj^ u rg While > IR 34M6_5_7 
W A N T A N A K C DO O 9 
S A. D e * Breeder* Referral S u i vice witi pot you ut touch wdK a n e a rb y r e p o l o b it b re e d e r 
“ t m 1., t a 

UGLY! 
U G L Y ! 

U G L Y ! ! 
N O T R E A L L Y 18*6 C h ickash a. s r* ti I hr## bedroom » I't t o f n * . 
.u s -w i dtshweshei v O U fM P O R T M O B IL k H O M E j 
*24 42/1 
2984 I W M IL IT A R Y 
WIW fu r 

 t o r o M S M t r p a n R e d E a r n * 
T ram * Fro# D ew *or* f it 6)71 ■ ■ 
U tori' f * r per Table bldg T e rm * 
|3WC8tl fUTIIIIWI 
41* Dolor ase 
217 4311 

B *o u t>fo i C hew P o p g ro *. in * ii» i« x Shepii 

 geed 

IU fit.yi o#( 9Dun 
I ll (III'®' pie*, nu paper* 514 433 3164 
Y O U N G C A N A R ! * * u r o l r i 

 lie * dor 914 588) 

V 164 (.rot lr em B o w l id# ■ frg rigr olm * G #i«ont<gd 
MNM 
M hp f 
48B-9/J7 
R u m 

 vin rude 

Shnr 
$1688 
5/588 

 t il mmimiuu _ i w r i w r T : x r r r r r 
$<** O ohvery Term * 91)4)46 ifrrT Smol GTI ‘ f M r a iX n 
BBW >86 88)4 ofter 4 g rn__________ 
I AH N E # B e a rd e n H e m #* 

W IE D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A SM F A S ) S B R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 8*4 F IJ I v r i M 
M n r 
> a s h and H i ! lE R V iC C 

 i t t p w i u l i i m m 

 k u ,L r r a n rs n 
B T T W w ^ frog Term*. F ig # BN 924-3883 r e c iw r U g d A T d rT” Nlrio "\ig f L 
Shgp M g rBBd Ita M D a l * l e a n 
« 

8 SIN N I I I R U f 
HI * m VR M W UM 
— r m 'i'PAN-.’ftAN^— 
B u r *eh Ire d * on vin m g al waFoe i f f t iiiir ii 

91? FUA MARIUS im w * ■ 
T W 
L o rB O k t I (I rid e r 

L A L L 
M R M i n t 914 421 * ■ 
- rn1 rat m w im wr 

• dddbutnroo hreptdcg*H So 
M * . m reu» M el M e tro# bari , 
S U M 
GGC H IN G H A M i ti u n 
.,i BKI. roger:'-r'- yjjjaiwmuu*ui..... ■..iw.iLxa.wro.wi.u.mn.. 

■ •W Y U S B D M O B IL * M Q M « » 
C A CC 
M A * 
884811$ r n w i 
C e n lro l ho Bi, Bit 
MOP 4 alto* *71484 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS t i l t m 
• * ) • i m 
O th e r M i # * e v o l M M M 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T I O N 
NpM trw|MMP 

 i N I K N JO H IIT Cl. 

I l l - l iiix k j . n i ik t 
T O T T 
'• ivtie d ie b u rm e cern*, ttom e* 
■ s k i pi eel* oeSd F lu n k hi* M int* et* Contoct Or V egl tu tu * jTT: L e V T c 'e .g l 

 s 
8 

 e M l S y 
WX I gUri-a a / 
= 
! 

O R G A N S 
P IA N O S 
3 
ULU Ut'ho 
* vt M lf 
S 
I 

IU outI) a A nr A, 
S 
’ 
.Ahi MtVUh 

N t w f r o m $ 4 9 $ i 

U s t d f r o m $ 1 9 $ 

426 R R e x 
. 224 66)6 i 

Weeder toed ,, 7)2 B it * 
8 
IT O * Vtot 
344-8748 
5 

6hag WRE lh gad Sara 

N A VA RRO 
W ANO CO. 
17o9 N COLORADO 
7 J4-646) 

R * 

A U e » a a e P h * n * , * • I» 
O lB ie n 
O S 345 tost eft47 434-1483 
B A L D W IN O R G A N t i t ) s r* s i * * 

(O rae Senti 

8 vary 
Nam ■ ■ I tam M bm i b r 

 rn tax to rn 
T I h e e l att. r e / B E le B 
$7 tag 1644 P roe m reg ex rn ia» to 

OI ll MAI iSMMfl 
• 3 ® * t i t SBG4/44I R d r t » » > 4 i 

• ST A B l I S M B O i b m r u n IN 

WK AUY A 
D IA M O N D * 

A P P R A I S A L S 
1 

P L A T N i h u m 

I o k * F .# e *t ** *» *u » * 
• e t* $*d# af ig e to r 
N P O ar a i k r i l v A T l 

■ M ' w»M 

•iron heed a n d W heel eeeeros 
* 
» 6 7 » r» *8 » I 
III IU ll IU ll ill l l . s 

VA f ION* 

B ergs* N e e * B e s 
_ 
^ 
’S g o r i c g t ir a 
• M l r i h i l l 

 n a t m s *» 

M i A L A M O V t * | V 

• IT * l ' ir iT H T w T en von* th toe t o * * u **d tun* im t h m w u S E h B Z 

A 1 1 r f 111 r» t * #t j 
S A D (FO A M e n u . 
B e e n * 
B B A L D W I N 
P l A 8 *o 
... •#»• a.uJro* mm am t tam* t b l M f K A I D W I N 
B E ) L e sh toto b e itw u • 

3 
4 
4 
- 4 
5 
3 
9 

Savoring sights of 4,ooo years 

J E R U S A L E M - It s F r i ­ day in this ancient city — a 
Holy Day for Muslims and the Eve of the Sabbath for 
Jews. 
F r o m su rro u n d in g v il­ lages. 
A rab 
M u s l im s — wearing burnooses in color­ ful red prints or plain white cottons — are hurrying down the narrow, irregular stone streets of the Old City, the walled c ity of more than 4,oo(1 years. 

NANCY SCOTT 
JONES 

 day. With me are an uncle and his two young sons, another aunt, and five Episcopal clergy, colleagues of my uncle. 
Our stay is brief — only three days in -Jerusalem and a two-dav jaunt in the Northern Galilee. 
Five days in 
Israel are never enough to explore both the coastal plains and high desert towns of this tiny country, whose diverse lands­ cape is dotted with the crumbling palaces of B iblical kings and the m a s s iv e f o r t r e s s e s of a n c ie n t invaders — Crusaders Babylonians, 
Romans. Turks. 
Nor is it long enough to digest psychologically the implications of the spindly wire and pole fences that separate Israel from her Arab neighbors — countries which have been at war with Israel three times in her 28-year history. 
But five days in this young nation offer enough mental and visual stimulation to saturate the thirst of the wanderlust and to whet the ap­ petite for a return visit. 

T h e y a re going to th e ir Holy 
Place, the Dome of the Rock on the 
Temple grounds. 
The sacred building, recognized bv its go ld -w a sh ed a lu m in u m dome, is said to be the place where 
Mohammed leapt on his steed, el- 
Burak, toward the Heavens. 
It is also a sacred rock to Chris­ tians and -Jews — the rock where 
Abraham offered to sa crifice his son of Isaac to God. 
For Muslim children, there is no school today, and they play street soccer in the alley-like passage­ ways of the Old City. 
Old women — tailors by trade — set up th eir tread le sew ing m a ­ chines for business in the sam e area. 
Au Israeli soldier dressed iii fa- tigue jacket and jeans and carrying 

Sunday March 6 I 9 7 7 
Page I -E 

I inpressions 

With the intense knowledge of our two Jew ish guides — Jehuda and Gideon— — I am seeing new th in g s and h e a rin g u n fa m ilia r sounds that will becom e lasting impressions. 
Both men are story tellers, able to apply the history of their land to the im mediate situation. 
Thursday was our first night in 
Israel. Our plane landed in a field at End Airport, attended by un armed Israeli soldier, and we were shuttled by bus to the main build­ ing. 
One of my companions, a Haitian priest living in Chicago, was taken by an attractive woman security officer to a nearby truck for ques­ tioning. His features, mistaken to be Arabic, alerted the Israelis. 
Entebbe Is not forgotten 
In -Jerusalem we are staying at the Ritz — a plain, but com fortable hotel on the east side i i i the Arab section. 

E X P R E S S - N E W S r e p o r t e r N a n c y 
Sc o tt J o n e s a t F o u rth C e n t u r y s y n a g o g u e a t C a p e r n a u m d u rin g 
Israeli h o lid a y 
PARTI in a series 

 embroidered in thick strand s of polished floss, thin brass trays, copper pots and kettles and hand- painted pottery. 
Market 
The vegetable markets sell all of the area's produce — dates and or­ anges and grapefruits still attached to their green leaves. C rates of fresh leaf lettuce, eggplants of all sizes, huge a rtich o k e s, and avocados are for sale. 
Pedestrians are careful to avoid collisions with men riding their donkeys down the winding street 
At the end of V ia Dolorosa is the 
Church of the Holy Sepulchreon Gol- 

 boys and girls — toting their guns are iii the streets. There are a few men chatting and drinking espres­ so in small cafes. 
One Israeli soldier munches a delicious-smelling sandwich. “ Ail 
Israeli h am b u rg er," he explains. 
It is a piece of pita bread, split in the middle and tilled with a spicy mixture of ground lam b and spices. 
Tucked inside are hot pickles and fried potatoes. 

I )ama.N<*us 

The Damascus Gate, one of sev en gates leading into the Old City, is w ii lim walking distance from the 
Ritz. 
Along the way and in the Old 

City, Arab pushcart vendors sell large wheels of fresh bread and speckled boiled eggs. It's break­ fast for young g ir ls and sh o p ­ keepers on their way to work 
E ntering the Old City through 
Ja ffa Gate, which adjoins the Cita­ del and Tower of David, we walk down the V ia D oloro sa (W ay of 
Sorrow J. lh** way Chrm l took to 
Golgotha. 
It is a narrow, stepped street with vaulted arches formed above the lime and sandstone walls. The 14 stations of the Cross are marked along the Via Doloroso and between the stations are open air m arkets. 
G pods sold in c lu d e O rie n ta l blouses and caftan s wonderfully 

White jeeps with “ U N ." painted in black are parked on the hotel s sid e w a lk s . Most JUN. o f f ic e r s working along the borders, stay at the hotel because rooms are always available for th em . su.\s the m orn­ ing desk clerk. 
In the evenings .after dinner, bell boys lean against the I N. jeeps and smoke sweet-smelling Turkish cigarettes. 

Quiet 

As I walk around the hotel atter dinner, -Jerusalem reminds me of 
San Antonio. I'he streets are quiet arid deserted. It is not a city full of nightlife and discos like Tel Aviv 
Only a few young soldiers — both 

Ins machine gun. stops to have hts oatent leather shoes shined and to smoke a cigarette. 
Jew ish women are m aking last minute purchases for the Sabbath. 
Fresh flowers must be bought for the weekend. 
In Israel where the rate of infla­ tion w as .‘hi p er ce n t last y e a r , flowers are not a luxury. A bouquet of fresh flowers — even roses — may lie bought for as little as §2.511. 
I am in Israel on a family hob- 
Old and new mark road to Jericho 

Tile road out of J e r u ­ salem toward Jericho is a blend of lush vegeta­ tion and naked w a s te ­ land. 
On the imm ediate outskirts of Jeru salem are rows of tiny stone bungalows with dwarf* size e n t r a n c e s and g re e n g r a s s g ro w in g on the d irt roofs. 
T h e te r r a c e d land is m a rk e d bv h u n d red s of a l ­ mond tr e e s b lo o m in g with w hitelace buds 
Ten minutes from this. the land changes to an ash-white. 
T h e v ast s p a c e is n oth in g more than slopes packed with empty craters. 
T h is road to J e r i c h o has both signs of new Western in­ fluences and the ancient Mid­ dle East 

HALSTON s ta n d in g ly and g iv e her a coin. 
B a ck in the van. Je h u d a tells me what the girl said 
“ You a re a rich w om an, surely you can afford m ore than a lir a !” 
"A k tar m in i!" Jehuda tells me to shout back. 
("Y o u more than m e ! " ) ftlUtor\ 

Included iii her Excavations 
••I tile Tel are a city wall and intact, circu la r tower from 
T IMM) B < . 
Jericho, from the site of the ruin-, reminds me ot Mexico. 
Palm aud date trees flourish. 
Orange aud grapefruit stands are everywhere 

Texans aren ’t the only ones 

 to influence th is ancient c it y 

 i i i the -Jordan Valley. “ .Jaw s" is playing i i i a local movie house. 

From -Jericho we arc head­ ed for Capernaum on the Sea of Galilee, with a brief detour to Megiddo. 
-lust Inwood Jerich o arc the a b an d o n ed P a le s tin ia n r e ­ fugee cam ps, built bv Jordan lor its displaced citizens after 
Israel’s VV ai of Independence 
They ore mud shells, hovels with crude holes for windows and doors 

Bright orange trucks hear­ ing the logo “ Teledyne of 
Houston. 
T e x a s .” zoom along the s a m e road where 
B ed ou ins have set up th eir goat skinned tents. 
T e le d y n e is te s tin g the land for oil. The Bedouin wo­ men — in thin black cotton skirts and veils trimmed with red e m b r o id e r y and s m a ll gold c o in s «— a r e te n d in g herds of goats aud sheep. 
Our guide, Je h u d a . stops for me to take a picture. And a young Bedouin girl a m ica ­ bly chats to me in her native longue. 
Like a fool. I sm ile under- 

We a re inhaling I s r a e l ’s history on this one-day outing 
— a quick stop iii -Jericho to s e c B r itis h a r c h a e o lo g is t 
K athleen K en y on 's e x c a v a ­ tions of one of the world s oldest cities. 
FROST BROS 

Occasionally on the road we see Israel's flag — the blue 
Star ol David on a white field 
— flying iii the hills where units of the Israeli Army arc practicing winter maneuvers 
Our stop at Megiddo. the 
Biblical Armageddon, is long enough only t i see the models ot 
King 
Solomon s famous horst* stables But the excava­ tions arc here, too, and defin­ itely worth the detour. 
There Is archaelogical proof that there were more than in different cities at M egg alo — 
Egyptian, Assyrian, Canaan­ ite, 
Megiddo was vital to these civilizations, a strategic location on trade routes. 
Iii the late afternoon, we arrive at Cuiiefnuutit, the tiny fishing village that becam e the ce n te r of ('b rist s min- 

I HI SPRING \ SI M M I IU OI I I C l ION OI 
AM I KU VS I ORI NIOSI I AMMON DI s|(,NI R 
UNVEIL! I) FOR V ol IS IM O U M NL M O D I I ING 
WEDNESDAY DOWNTOWN AND I HI RSI» \N A1 
NORTH S I NR NI \l I Ills I NSI I It )N ENVOY IS 
III RI IO \SS|S I WEI HSI ll ( H O N S NNI) 
GIX I V o l NI I I III M MS. 
( O U I I RU R S VEON, 

T h e sun is s h im m e r in g between the closely planted slime trees, and at fuss lite s»*a are the backlit Golan Heights ll is easy lo understand whs the Israelis call tills sea —> really more a luke — K inner* et lite waves are calili aint s h illin g like the sound o| a 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 1977 

FROST BROS. 
IWL SALE 
F FASHION FURS 

This is your opportunity 

 to save dramatically on our 

 entire collections 

 of mink coats, jackets 

 and strollers. 

Also the finest in sables, 

 fox, lynx, broadtail 

 lamb, beaver as well as a 

 collection of 

 contemporary and sport furs. 
* 

Prices are soaring 

 and now is the time to 

 make your fashion 

 investment at a price 

 we will not be 

 able to duplicate in the 

 foreseeable future. 

Plus, you receive 

 free storage until next fall 

 and payment plans 

 are available. Fur Salon, 

Downtown and 

North Star Mall. 

ORIENTAL o p e n -a ir m ark e ts alon g V ia Dolorosa 
HOLIDAY 

Continued from rage l-E 

 gnthii Hill. It was built as a shrine by 
Constantine, ami later reenlist meted by the Crusaders. 
Now it is maintained by six Christian denominations including Creek Ortho­ dox and Unman Catholic. 
The last fixe Stations of the Cross are inside tin1 Church. 
Many Crusader and small crude crosses are etched into the walls—graffiti from a thousand years. 
Arab stone masons are repairing the crumbling walls. Huge piles of cement dust and scaffolding are scattered among the Byzantine oil lamps, icons and religious statues. 

“ The church is always under reno­ vation," s u n s our guide. Gideon. "The project started 2o Nears ago. and may finish within the next 5o. “ There is no hurry." 

W ailing W all 

From the Holy Sepulchre we walk to the famous Western Wall—the most sacred shrine of Judaism and the last relic of the Temple. 

Called the Western Wall, because it is on the western side of the Temple 
Grounds, it is also known as tilt* 
Wailing Wall. 

Here is where Jews come to vocally oiler their prayers and petitions or to silently slip their notes into the wall s stones only to he seen by the eyes of 
God. 

Because ll is the F \e of the Sabbath. people are coming iii sizeable crowds to prepare for the Holy Day. 

Men and women go to their respec­ tive sides of the wall, covering their heads. 

Yarmulke 

Hasidic Jews (the Orthodox sect who strictly observe the rules of Moses); voting Israeli soldiers, and proud, 
“ picture-taking" American Jews in their embroidered velvet yarmulkes jpprouch the massive stone wail. 

It only bas been since the Six Day 
War when Israel recaptured ami min- died Jerusalem that Jews have been free to pray at their wall. 

Jews had been banned from the wall bv Jordan since the War of Indepen­ dence in ‘48. 

"The Western Wall has taken on a new s.vmbol for Jews since ‘HT. " my uncle tells me as we watch my cousins. 
Scott and Dong, put on yarmulkes from a Iwix at the entrance to the Western 
Wall. 

“The old symbol of the Temple is now also a mist-Holocaust symbol for 
Israel. It represents the total hope for restoration of Israel as a people." 
A Jerusalem woman, an immigrant from 
New 
York, overh ears our 
.’on versal ion. She s u n s. “ Mn brother and I were driving to work in .lune 
IW7. when we heard on the radio that we had taken the wall. We drove here al once Ut pray. Now the wall is for everyone " 

Fur!) Friday afternoon Gideon takes 

 us to — Mea Shearim — the sparse quarters of the Hasidic Jews. 
In their stark black coats and stock­ ings and their wide-brimmed hats and wispish side-curls . they are hurrying to close their shops by three to go and prepare themselves for the Sabbath. 

Hasidic 

"Iii less than an hour the streets will be clear. For 24 hours everything is going to he quiet." Gideon says. 
The Hasidic Jews hire Arab boys to dean the streets for them on Fridays, so they can finish their cleansing for the Sabbath. 
(a rs are not to be driven iii Mea 
She arim during the 24-hours of the 
Sabbath, aud anyone who dares to drive risks flying stones and rocks. Gideon adds. 
At sunset Gideon takes us to the 
Jewish Quarter — an area destroyed by 
Jordan in ‘48. Most of the flats and synagogues have been restored and the children have been given back their parents’ original homes. 
We are looking for Chaim. Gideon’s friend, who lives in a flat once belong­ ing to his father. He is not at homo. so we search for him in the nearby s&iu- gogue. 
“ 

(.hants 
The harmonious chants coming from a cluster of synagogues in the Jewish 
Quarter, interrupted by the loud pealing of bells from a Greek Orthodox 
Church, are sounds synonymous with 
Jerusalem. 

Not every building iii Jerusalem is ancient. 
Israel Museum; Tad Vashem, the memorial of the heroes of the Holo­ caust, and Knesset, Israel’s parliament building are structures of the (His. 
So is a modern sculpture at the en­ trance to the Basilica and Gardens of 
Gethscmanc It is the frayed wings of a bird. The right wing is crushed to the ground. On that spot five Israeli para­ chutists were gunned down during the 
Six Day War. ll is quiet now in Israel. There bas not been a war since Yoni Kippur in .‘73. 
“Our last war so tar." says our guide. 
Jetiudu 
Mal) countries a n * talking peart* iii different terms — Anwar Sadat says lie will be willing to acknowledge Israel's existence. 

Hopeful 

The Israeli people are hopeful. 
“ Peace will come soon. I know it," says the woman ut the Western Wall. 

Sam. a 22-year-old Israeli who has just completed lbs three years of army duty. agrees. 

"It is rough in Israel, my dear.” he says as he shows me a pistol tucked into the waist of his jeans. 

“ But lienee will come, maybe iii IU years, he adds with a hopeful shrug. 
“ Israel is our land. You know, the laud of Abraham." 

Monday in the Express; The people ol Israel. 
Road to Jericho 

I ontinurd Irwin Page I E 

 harp. w im Ii in Hebrew is kin nor 

I (alay, there are rich nrchaclogical excavations along the lake shore, a 
Fourth Century A D synagogue and a 
Fifth Century church built on the tin* 
(lithunt) nile of st Peter * bouse. 
Both the synagogue, made of high­ ly-pol isiud white limestone to look like marble, ami the churel! art* on grounds owned bv lite Franciscans the prayer hall of the synagogue laces soul Ii towards Jeru salem . A handsome structure it has beep rev hired entirely, except tor an upper gallery o***1 by women wotsinppeis 
Scattered among the grounds are low It b dei orated huh is » aptlals aud cig'luces Irwin the synagogue 
I trey a t e im ii ut sy m b o lic d e s ig n * —■ cornices with I lie stat of Bay id all­ odia* with I tie -Mar el Solomon wilier* 

 w it Ii stylized sunllowcr* aud Ivy; capi­ tal wiih the menorah ( seven-bra iph candelabrum, aud the shop bar rant's horn, 
Statue* 

There are two lions with thftr heads missing 
TIM* laces of statues were smashed when the Romans invaded iii 
Th \ I) , Jetiudu explains 
Friezes nom the synagogue aud de­ licate shells used alane windows cover 
.Hie lawns excavation* have continued since the 
Franciscans acquired the proper tv hi 
IWM to the saintlier ol IhTY are tup*to- gist* excavated the eastern nave and l«*ri ti ol the synagogue 
Today, there are two Franciscans 
(rout italy Hi overalls aud felt berets, digging along Hic castelli wall the arvo promises lo vlekl tori bet reties aud perhaps another synagogue 
— 
Y I M Y M til I JOSI s 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 

'Sinners’ put protocol 

By---------------------- 

SALLY QUINN 

WASHINGTON POST in tailspin 

'Those o f y o u who live in sin, I hope you will get married.' 
—President 
Jimmy Carter 

WASHINGTON 
- 
President Carter seems to be preoccupied these days with the idea of “sinners” and “sinning.” 
Twice in one w eek he has brought up the subject, once at the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development and then again at the D e p a rtm en t of 
Agriculture, where he said he had discovered that “ sinners” had a tax advantage. 
It is understandable that he would be thinking about it. For one thing, the Carter adminis­ tration has in its upper eche­ lons several young people who have not formalized their rela­ tionships and even some of his closest aides have lived with w om en w ithout b en efit of clergy. 
When Greg Schneiders, di­ rector of presidential projects, talked openly about living with 
Marie Hartnett for five years. 
Carter reportedly advised him to get m a rrie d . He did New 
Years Eve. 
There may be another reason 
C arter has “ sin n in g ” on his 

 mind. Living together is very much a part of the tim es. A recent census report has said that the number of people liv­ ing together in this country has doubled, to m ore than I m il­ lion. in the last six years and increased fivefold among those under 45 years of age. 
Confusion 
In social Washington nobody, but nobody, knows how to deal with the a tte n d a n t protocol problem s. Social se c re ta ries a re having n erv o u s b r e a k ­ downs, protocol offices are pre­ tending it doesn’t exist, hos­ tesses are agonizing, couples who live together are being* alternately addressed as “ and guest” and are being constantly offended 
Working wives who are ad­ dressed as Mrs. so-and-so are enraged, non-working wives who are addressed as Ms. are enraged, husbands and wives who have different names are furious at being considered single. 
Couples who live in different cities are angry at being invited only as couples. Nobody, tint nobody, knows how to deal with the New Protocol. 
The White House, for one. 

 seems baffled. After a lengthy discussion in which she pro­ mised to talk to F irst Lady 
Rosalynn Carter on the matter. 
Social Secretary Gertchen Pos­ ton finally said she would have 
“ no comment” on the m atter of invitations for people living to­ gether. 
Meanwhile, the State Depart­ ment protocol office doesn't believe people live together — at least for protocol purposes: 
“ It isn t our business to know who’s living with whom,” said a ceremonial office spokeswo­ man. "Besides you can't keep lip with people’s relationships. 
One day they might be going together, the next they might be broken up.” 
New NY'onI 
One starting point for the 
New Protocol is a new word. 
Living together has become such a common occurrence that a word should Im1 coined which would be simple, easy to be­ com e co m fortab le with and which would not force people to seem to reveal intimate details of their lives. 
So many words have been tried : “ r o o m m a te ,” “ b oy­ f r ie n d ” or " g i r l f r ie n d ,” 

“ lover,” "m istress,” * “ m ate.” etc. None has proved satisfac­ tory or totally workable. 
The word which seem s lo merit more consideration than any other and with a little dusting off and refurbishing might actually fit the order is 
“ c o m p a n io n .” Latin A m e ri­ cans have used it for years, either saying “ Mi companero” or “ com panera” or by using the expression “ the wom an 
(man) who accompanies m e.” 
It derives from Latin words meaning the person you break bread w ith. the one you eat with or the person who keeps one company. 
The idea of people living to­ gether is not the only pheno­ menon which has arisen in our piodern society. Social customs and conditions are constantly changing. 
Increasingly married women are keeping their own names, married couples are living in separate cities, women have positions more powerful than their husbands. Customs are changing faster than the rules which deal witll them. 
Along with new term s and new titles, new rules are need­ ed 

FASHION is baring one shoulder for spring and summer evenings. Juanada 
Teas models a soft peach-toned jersey disco dress by Jay 
Stevens of Califor­ nia. At Rhodes. 

YVES. ST. LAURENT. 

The man who made fantasy 

 a reality last fall. 

Now, his spring and summer 

 collection furthers that 

 commitment with inspirations 

 from the exotic sun countries. 

Here, his homeland 

Marrakesh, provides the 

 genesis for the braid trim 

 boxy jacket. Sliced over 

 stitch-detailed harem pants 

 and tied all together 

 with the corselet. Ours 

 exclusively in St. Laurent 

Rive Gauche Boutique, 

North Star Mall. 

The ankle-tie espadrille, 

 from our St. Laurent 

 collections in Shoe Salon, 

North Star Mall. 

FROST BROS. 

 the American Field 
Service program through which stu­ dents are “ adopted” by a family and live in a foreign country for a year. 
The ll of these stu­ dents currently spending the year in San Antonio were entertained with a tour of the McNay Mu­ seum by Miss Katharine 
Lee Saturday afternoon and then treated to an informal party. 
The students are from 
B raz il. Germ any. Ice ­ land. Republic of South 
A frica, 
Netherlands. 
France, Iran , Jap an , 
Austria, Greece and New 
Zealand. 
The visiting teenagers and the schools they are attending are 
Ester 
Fortes, I ’rsuline; Skuli 
Gautason. M cCollum ; 
Bettina 
F ric k . 
Har- landale; Marie Ann Ler- oux, Clem ens; 
Peter 
Vrecar, Holmes; Richard 
Kroon. Jay; Mitra Mota- vali. Marshall; Effie Vla- hopoulou, M acA rthur; 
Mtnako Uchiyama, Lee; 
Peter Wilson. Churchill, and Craig Humphreys, 
Roosevelt. 
Program 

FAM ILY clothes for spring, modeled by 
Mrs. Ronald May, King Gerlach, and tots, Kristin Noble and Chris Dallal, will 

 be featured at the annual San Antonio 
Panhellenic style show Thursday in the 
Bright Shawl Tearoom 
PHOTO BV STEVt CAMPBEII 

Miss Lee has been a strong supporter of this exchange program since it was originated by Steve 
Galetti in the early 5o s in 
Washington. 
At that time, Miss Lee 

 was the principal of 
Cathedral School in W a­ shington and Galetti was a Conscientious Objector from World War II. He drove an ambulance in the front lines instead of carrying a gun. 
Galetti felt so strongly about abolishing war that he originated the Ameri­ can Field Service ex­ change of foreign stu­ dents as the best way lo deal with the problem. He invited Miss Lee and the heads of all the other schools in the District of 
Columbia to hear his ideas and assist in this world-wide program of understanding. 

Through the interven­ ing years. Miss Lee has corresponded with these young people she has worked w ith from all over the world. Mrs. George 
Mangren is field repre­ sentative for the San An­ tonio area of American 
Field Service. 

M r. and Mrs. Frank 
Casmere celebrated their golden wedding anniversary last week surrounded by their daughters and their fa­ milies. The couple was taken to dinner in the 
Argyle by Mr. and Mrs. 
Dee Forgy, Mrs. Jam es 
J . Moore and her son. 

Buddy, of Corpus Christi, and 
Miss 
M artha 
Casmere. 
The Board of Directors of the San Antonio Ballet 
Company will honor its 
5o-member advisory board at a reception in the home of W illiam 
Bugg March 13. 
Sister Mary Clare Metz is president of the Board of Directors. Among the advisory members are 
William Cbumney, Miss 
Arsenne Blondin, Judge 
Peter M ichael C urry. 
Mrs. 
Henry 
Cisneros, 
Miss Jo Long. Mr. and 
Mrs. Thomas Southwick and 
Mrs. 
G. 
L. 
Maeruder 
Odyssey Galleries will 

 hold an opening cocktail preview from 7:3o to 9:3o p.m. Thursday for four artists —two from Texas, one from California and another from Colorado. 
James Armstrong of 
Santa Barbara, Hal Rice of Denver, Wayne Amer­ ce of Dallas and Marge 
Brichler of Houston will be featured. 
Rice, who will be ac­ companied by his wife. 
Dorothy, plans to do a great deal of sketching on his visit. These will be the inspiration for future paintings. 
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. 
Kenneth R. Milam are in the process of moving to 
Wright-Patterson A FB in 

Dayton. Ohio, where he is being transferred. 
Sons. Christopher, 15, at Marshall High School, and Curtis, 13. at Hobby 
Middle School, hate to tell their friends goodbye. The family is disposing of their com­ fortable home with its swimming pool and ten­ nis court. 
Tobe (Mrs. John) Tate has accepted the chair­ manship of the 
Art 
League Jamboree set for the second weekend in 
September at Robert To­ bin's Oak well estate. 
The Jamboree will de­ pict an English Country 
F a ir on the spacious grounds of the home. 

Springing intofashion spotlight 

San Antonio Pan h el­ lenic Association w ill present its annual style show at 9:311 a.rn. Thurs­ day in the Bright Shawl 
Tearoom. 
Proceeds w ill benefit the association's scholar­ ship Iund. Each year a scholarship is aw arded to a local high school senior girl entering a four-year college or university. 
The show. ‘*7 'till ll in 
77.” will feature fa­ shions for men, women and children from the new Windsor Park D il­ lard's. 
Models will tx* from each of the 18 sororities in the Panhellenic Asso­ ciation. 
President of the group is Mrs. Preston LePage; 
M rs. 
Lyn 
Noble is chairm an of the style show. 
Co-chairmen are Mrs 
VV Milam Campbell and 
Mrs. Hubbard Parks. 
Mrs. Gerald* Blat berwick is models chairman and 
Mrs. Gerald Reider is publicity chairman, as­ sisted by Mrs. Emerson 
Banack. 
Mrs. 
Ron Ayers is tickets and program chairman. 

Marcia Matich of Dil­ lard's is show coordina­ tor. 
Tickets for the show are $2.5o and may be purchased at Dillard's or from sorority members. or at the door. 

M o d e ls 

Models from the sororities are: Mrs. Ron­ ald May. Alpha Chi Ome­ ga: Mrs. Marvin Folkes, 
Alpha Delta Pi; Mrs. Ro­ bert McDonald, Alpha 
Omicron Pi: Mrs. W F . 
Greenhill, Alpha Gamma 
Delta; Mrs. Paul Fuller. 
Alpha Phi: Mrs. Leroy 
Schulm eier, Alpha Xi 
Delta; 
Mrs. 
Richard 
Closter. 
Chi 
Omega; 
Mrs. Sam Bashara, Delta 
Delta Delta. 
Also Mrs John Price, 
Delta 
Gam m a; 
Mrs. 
Mickey Morns. Delta Ze­ ta; Mrs. E J . Cutler. 
Gamma Phi Beta; Mrs 
Jack Richmond. Kappa 
Alpha Theta, ; Mrs W il­ liam Broth III. Kappa 
Delta; 
Mrs. 
W illia m 
Plewes, Kappa Kappa 
Gamma; Mrs. Richard 
Wadsworth, 
Phi 
Mu; 
Mrs. Jam es Huff and 
Mrs Porter Mitchell. Pi lie ta Phi. 

RECIPE CONTEST 
Ham it up to win 

Also 
Mrs. 
Stanley 
Moore and Mrs. Frank 
D allal. Sigm a Kappa, and Mrs Kenneth lr arri- mond, Zeta Tau Alpha. 

Male models are: E r ­ nesto Ancira. Sol Cassel), 
Dr. P W. Cash, the Rev. 
David Comegys. Luther 
Coulter. Allen Hall, King 
Gerlach, Chip Massey, 
Glenn 
Matheson. 
Jim 
Payne. Franklin Spears, 
George Swain, Marcus 
\\ hittington. Em erson 
Banack Jr., Paul Fuller, 
Craig Hum phreys and 
Harry Price. 

^ oungsters 

Children models are: 
Amy Ayers, Courtney 
Ballock. Emerson Ban ­ ack 111. Paul Beuhler, 
W alter Beuhler, Kate 

Wedding and engagement forms available in the 
Women* s Department 

Blat berwick. Nell Blatti* ervvick, Yvette Cooper, 
Chris D allal. Heather 
Lynn Herrick. Jeff Jeter, 
Suzanne Knight, Jim Le 
Page, 
Greg 
LePage, 
Heather McDonald. Kris­ tin Noble. Nicole Noble. 
Paige 
Noble, 
Ricky 
Price, Jen n ifer Price, 
Scott 
Price. 
Allison 
Parks, Leslie Parks, Ann 
Reagan, Heidi Sw ain. 
Web Swam, Frank Dux- stad and David May. 

Spring menus and ham are natural go-togethers. 
Thin slices of ham wrap around vegetables, slivers of ham are tossed into crepe fillings and chunks of ham form a bast? for casseroles. 

Five dollars will go to the person entering the best recipe using ham by mailing it to F u*k1 Editor, 
The News. Box 2171, San 
Antonio. 
Tex. 
78297 before March IU. 

Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of 

 paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your name, giving your ad­ dress and daytime tele­ phone number. 

Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one pntry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 

The winning recipe us­ ing ham w ill be published 
March 24. Watch for the winning recipe using 
English peas on March IU and the winning souffle recipe on March 17. 

OTTO 
K ER N -. 
UNIQUELY 
YOURS. 

OURS 
BRIGHT AND 
LJVELY, EARLY 
NEW l?LoUSg 
ARRIVALS 
FROH OTTO 
KERN. A liRSE 
COLLECTION CF 
LoN6 AND SUO!?! 
OEEN/6 STYLER 
IN EVERY IMAGINABLE 
PRINT Ok STRIPE 
A ll d iffe re n t; a ll Of 
FWjESt exrroL. 
TRULY UNIQUE. AND CAREFREE 
CNlY AT SVECTE NEHF 

 soot B«£>A£>*/Ay * 26/ 

DELISO IS OPEN TO NEW IDEAS. 

Poge 
4-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
AFS brings world to 

San Antonians cer­ tainly do their part in furthering foreign relations. 
Among these endeavors is our doorstep 

‘CIT UP’, 
EVA GABOR'S 
NEW NOVA 
CUT WIG, 3o.oo 

 one of her new 

 fresh, young cuts, for the look nod want now. almost weightless, looks so real no one will ever suspect it s not your own hair, shaped and cut with the new perma-kut™ process of carefree kanekalon ancile™ 

 m o d aerylic fiber in natural and frosted shades, wig boutique, 

 downtown and nor! Ii star mall. 

FROST 
BROS. 

 sandals with new ness, criss-cross strappings, slimmer heels just the height for spring s dress Al skin profiles, the mesh version, above, black patent, camel or navy calf with natural hue mesh, 2^.oo. the multi-strapper, camel with bone. navy with green or peach with 
Ixme kid, 3o.oo. shoe salon, downtown and north star mall. 
FROST BROS. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy March 6 1977 

Ta Festa Italian a ’ planned at McNay 

Friends of the 
McNay will present 
“ La Festa Italiana” 
Thursday, March 17, at the Museum. 
The event will begin with cocktails at 7 p.m. and con­ tinue with an auth­ entic Italian supper 
(Cena Italiano) and fashions from Valen­ tino of Rome. 
Frost's will stage the fashion gala. 
The public is invited to the Museum benefit and may rnak^ reservations by calling the McNay In­ stitute. 
Mrs. John Matthews is general chairman of the italian evening. 
Her committee includes Mrs. 
Reagan Houston IV, co­ chairm an, George C. 
Hixon, Robert Peavy and 
Christopher Gill. 
The Italian supper will feature recipes from some of the ancient houses of Italy. This first showing of Valentino’s spring-sum m er collec­ tion will be held in the 

Sylvan and Mary Lang 
Gallery. 

Valentino was born near Milan in 1932 and by age 17 was studying in 
Paris at a school of de­ sign and at the Beaux 
Arts. From there he was first-assistant to the 
French designer. Jean 
Desses, for five years. 
Later, he worked for couturier Guy Laroche. 

Rom e 

In the 6o’s Valentino began modestly in Rome under his own name. Now he has boutiques all over the world, including one in Frost’s Third Floor 
Downtown. 

Among the elegant women of the interna­ tional set he dresses are 
Jacqueline Onassis. Au­ drey 
Hepburn. 
Mrs. 
Gregory Peck, Princess 
Luciana PignatelU, Mrs. 
Tony Curtis. Lee Rad- ziwill, Mrs. Henry Ford 
II, 
Vicontesse 
Jac­ queline De Ribes, Mrs. 
Gloria Guinness, Mrs. 
Charles Wrightsman and 
Mrs. William Paley. 

Angela 
Ishtok will 

 represent the designer at the McNay show. The col­ lection will also be modeled inform ally 
Friday and Saturday in 
F ro st’s Valentino Bou­ tique Downtown. 

Colors 

White is considered a real color, an important color in this collection, says Miss Ishtok. It is used for morning, lun­ cheon, casual and sports, for cocktails and for evening. White appears in fashions of light cotton, linen and in lace-edged cottons. 
Color combinations are also important to Valen­ tino Among these are purple and giallo (yel­ low), m int and bottle 

 and black replacing the red, white and blue. 
The silhouette high­ light is the apron in many versions. It’s an apron- wrap skirt worn over pants, over longer skirts and also over underskirts that are flounced and lace-ruffled. 
Boleros, also, top dresses, skirts and shirts and pants. The bolero dem onstrates the 
Brazilian inspiration running through the en­ tire collection. 
Chiffons show' up in solid hues or bold prints, and are sometimes sen­ sationally slit to the hip. 
Angela says, “There’s a new cut to Valentino’s pants, very slim and stunning with boleros.’’ 
VALENTINO 

Home owners to be honored 

JO H N PALM ER LEEPER, d ire c to r o f 
M c N a y A rt M u se u m , M rs. C h ris ­ topher G ill and M rs. Robert P eavy 

 are am ong those planning ‘La Festa 
Italiana’ M arch I 7 at the m useum . 

PHOTO BY PAT HA Mil TON 

Fashions from Leon’s will be modeled at noon 
Wednesday in the Bright 
Shawl Tearoom 
Mrs. Walter J. Buzzmi 
111 and Mrs. Joe Lusk will be hostesses. 

Mmes. Joe Ehresman, 
Douglas Fell, Craig Car­ son, John Oppenheimer, 
Larry O’Neill and Wil­ liam Jeffers will be mo­ dels. 
Special guests will be 

 owners of the homes and gardens which will be featured in Christ Episco­ pal Church's 4oth annual 
San Antonio Home and 
Garden 
P ilgrim age 
March 26-27. 

They are LL Gen. and 
Mrs. Allen M. Burdett 
Jr. Mr. and Mrs. James 
P. Robinson III. Mr. and 
Mrs. Walter F. Brown. 
Robert Daubert and Don 
Morris. 

BT l r 
^ 

 v / f ft 
I - k v 
^ n 

The casual nights . . . 

 straight out-of-the-bottle 

 blue, green and red — 

These draw string pants and 

T shirt are from a w hole g ro u p 

 o f co-ordinates by Em ily . . . 

 the best of the season! 

J 
P y 
M 
\\| 

 ft. 
' J W 

MARIMEKKO AT FROST BROS 

 unlike any other sleeping experience you have ever had. marimekko* is the famed finnish design group whose happy fabric designs are so great they hang on walls across the world as pieces of art. now, you can have this artistry in dan river* sheets, pillowcases, dust ruffles and comforters, the patterns are bold strokes of genuis. happy stripes and prophetic florals, coordinated in a unique way. the fitted sheets, king si^e pillowcases and dust ruffles are in stripes, the flat sheets and standard pillowcases are in small or large floral. And, the comforters are reversible stripes to large floral. It s all very exciting and done in sky blue, poppy red or pebble beige. Ours exclusively. Come experience them now in 
Linens Shop, Downtown and North Star Mall. 

4* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
Commandments for wives 

DEAR ABBY: About IO years ago you gave the editor of our church bulletin permission to reprint two of your columns. 

One was your “ Ten Commandments 
For Wives,” and the other was your 
“ Ten Commandments For Husbands.” 
W ill you please run them again? 
M H S. V I). G. 
D EAR MRS. G.: With pleasure. 

T E N 
C O M M A N D M EN T S 
FO R 
W IV E S 
1. Defile not thy body neither with excessive foods, tobacco nor alcohol, that thy days may be lonu in the house which thy husband provided! for thee. 
2. ouiteth thy husband before thy mother, thy father, thy daughter and 

 thy son, for he is thy lifelong compan­ ion. 
3. Thou shalt not nag. 
4. Permit no one to tell thee thou are having a hard time of it; neither thy mother, thy sister nor thy neigh­ bor, for the Judge will not hold her guiltless who letteth another disparage her husband. 
5. Thou shalt not w it hold affection from thy husband, for every man lo­ ved! to be loved. 
H. Forget not the virtue of cleanliness and modest attire. 
7. Forgive with grace, for who 
.among us doth not need forgiveness? 
». 
Kem em ber that the frank approval of thy husband is worth more to thee than Ihe admiring glances of a hundred strangers. 
9. Keep thy home in good order, for 

 out of it cometh the joys of thy old age. 
IO. Honor thy Lord thy God all the days of thy life, and thy children will rise up and call thee blessed. 
Next Sunday FII print the “ Ten 
Commandments For Husbands.” 
Training 

V*CV 

, .vd' 
■' 

53o3 BROADWAY 
828 8286 

D EAR A BBY: We’ve always taught our children to address adults as 
“ M r.” and “ Mrs.” but we have some neighbors who are older than we an*, and they keep asking our children to call them “ Rita” and “ Frank.” 
Training children is hard enough nowadays without neighbors like these to complicate matters. W e’ve always been on friendly terms with them and don't want any trouble now. So how do we handle it? — ANNOYED PA R EN T S 

DEAR PARENTS: Tell your neigh­ bors (privately, of course) that you have instructed your children to ad­ dress adults as “ M r.” and “ Mrs.,” and when adults ask to be addressed bv their first names, they confuse the children and encourage them to dis­ regard their parents’ wishes. 

 lf you tell them in a nice way, they will probably cooperate. And if they don’t, it won’t hurt your children to learn that not everyone conforms to a social code, and Rita and Frank are two such nonconformists. 
Survey 

DEAR ABBY: 
I am a HH-year-old man who has been singing profession­ ally since age seven. (M y father was a famous singer.) 

Over the years I have sung and lec­ tured in just about every type of church you can name. This exposure has given 

Your luck with the stars 

Everyone has a problem. What’s yours? For a personsl reply, write to A BBY: Express-News, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex., 78297. Enclose a stamped, self-addressed envelope please. 

 me a fairly good education as to what kind of people attend church. But why they attend still puzzles me. 

During the ‘8os, I visited over 3oo churches. On my own I conducted a survey, containing one question that could be answered voluntarily (and would be kept confidential): “ Why do you attend church?” 

The response w'as both revealing and surprising. More than 5o per cent wrote: “ Because it’s the thing to do.” 

Less than I per cent mentioned any­ thing about worshipping. 

I am presently completing the second year of a three-year survey on the hospitality 
(or the lack of it) in churches. 

To date, of the 195 churches I have visited, I was spoken to only once by someone other than an official 
“ greeter” — and that was to ask me to please move my feet. — Sincerely, 
JOHN CHARLES THOMAS, JR ., Ph i). 

DEAR DR. THOMAS: 
I find your survey discouraging, but fascinating. 
When you complete your three-year survey on hospitality (or the lack of it) in churches, please send it to me,.and 
1 11 share it with my readers. 

M O N D A Y .M A R C H I 

Y O U R B IR T H D A Y T O D A Y : 

This year s scram b le for your fair share of the good things in the world results in self reliance 
You re m ore on your own than has been the case for a long time and. by the sam e token, less burdened bv resp on sib ility tor 
Others welfare. 
Relationships reflect selective ludam ent 
Today s natives use their intellectual curiosity in ap piled science, horticulture 
Those born this y e a r w ill combine novel projects in the arts, scientific research 

A R I E S (M a r . 21-A p r. 19): 

N ew ly a rrive a com petitors clut­ ter the scene m ake m ore of a hullabaloo than expected You re due praise, likely won t get it. 
Home life runs smoother 

T A U R U S (A p r. 2o M a y 2o): 
M a in te n a n c e ra n g e s on e c o n ­ omic levels from the proverbial stitch that saves nine to motor renovation Sell off unproductive or outdated equipment, supplies 

G E M IN I " (M a y 
21-Jurse 
2o) 
Among cheerful stories is factual news that shows how to achieve sp e cial a d v a n ta g e 
Don t lust talk, move tost1 Shore cultural interests but not extra expense. 

C A N C E R (Ju n e 21 Ju ly 22): 
M any auestions a re raised, ob 

 lections m ade to proposed ac lion s 
You aet w a y a h e a d bv going your own positive route 
Rom antic notions find subtle en courogement 

L E O (Ju ly 23 Aug 
22): 
E s senfial inform ation turns up in the most unlikely places, but in confusing context. Brin g suitable people together for cooperation, revival of prospects. 

V IR G O (A u g . 23 Sept 
22) 
Suspend your propensity to look tor flaw ed details 
Peo p le who should be fa m ilia r w ith lo cal cu sto m s d ra w a b la n k , n eed suggestions, guidance Help out 

L IB R A (Sep t 23 Oct. 22): 
Old obligations com e due, m ust be seen to. Don t w a ste tim e on c erem ony 
Am end erro rs, serve self in te re sts 
C o n d ition s eose late in d ay. you can unbend a bit 

S C O R P IO (O ct 
23-Nov 
21): 

Burn oft excess energy via ex per orients, floating trial balloons but settle down to serious bust ness bv noon 
Focus on ironing out a few basic items. 

S A G IT T A R IU S (Now 
22 D ec. 

21): 
Do your own thinking Ad visors that ore too close to you lack objectivity T hey adopt your outlook, or you discount theirs. 
New contacts a re useful. 

C A P R IC O R N (D e c . 22-Jo n . 

19): 
People who usually lend a hand are too busy to be ot much assistance on lobs with priority 
Find a point to ad m ire if asked to c o m m e n t on s o m e b o d y s work 

A Q U A R IU S (Ja n 2o Fe b IS ): 

Size up the c u rre n t situ atio n , e s tim a te w h a t yo u c a n do, ch oose o c r e a t iv e a p p ro a c h 
Avoid im portant decisions vet, work out the background ca re fully. 

P IS C E S (F e b 
19 M a r. 2o): 

Bock to weexduy routines, work is a relief of sorts Openings tor good e a r n in g s , in t e r e s t in g protects are un derw ay: if you re late, associates get in first 

Carpet 

D e fin itio n o f"G o K 8 ip ” 
G 

O S S IP hah been w ell defined ah putting two and two together, and ma k ing five. T o go even fu rth er and he more explicit, let h admit that 
Gossip ih m erely conversation w ithout thought: it pretends to have the eyes of an 

\rgiih hut actually has the blindness o f a hat. 
T rad itio n ally we brand all gossips ah wom en, we claim that when it co inch to spreading gossip, the fem ale of the species is far faster than the M A IL . 
<- tiiallv, men are guilty of the same offense: we rail it judging. 
T h e wav we judge others ih too often the cam ouflaged way we officially * x- pose our own weakness. P ractically every politician, dramatist, novelist or lec­ turer w ho attacks the m oral law, has already personally experienced sin Ii behavior in his own adventures. \X ithout knowing or adm itting it, they an reporting their own autobiography. U hen one woman calls another catty or spiteful, she almost autom atically adm its that she fu lly knows what cattiness in- 

 iides. 
O u r d ictionary defines a critic as one w ho is skilled in judging; one who is an expert in separating values, lf the dictionary were to he rewritten today, it would probably revam p the definition to read: 
A critic is one w ho would have 
\ou writ#* it. sing it. play it. paint or carve it as he would if only he could. 
T h e new definition m av even m ore sim ply say: 
(.rities are people who go places 

 anti boo things.” 
^ h o is R e s p o n s ib le ? 

T ell nu*, if you w ill. w ho is actually responsible for the grand productions of gossip, judging, rum or and tainted com m ents that torture others. \\ ho are the demons so guilty of creating poisoned impressions, for breeding the germs that build an epidem ic that travels so fast? Spelling it out in sim ple business terms. I would say: 
"first someone m anufactures the product: second, someone distributes it believing it profitable to him self; and third, others receive and rcadilv accept it. Prod uction. D istribution and Consum ption are the com* poiient* that keep such irreligious progress moving. 
Critics, hear this! Any baseball team could use an 
All-Am erican who plays everv position, w ho never strikes nut and never makes an error: hut there is no wav to make him lay dow n his hotdog and com e out of the grandstand. 
L e a r n T o T a k e C ritic is m 

Blessed is he who can peacefully take criticism . H e knows that anyone who ran fill out a laundry slip too often considers him self an accom plished writer. 
Ile knows too that anyone who cannot fill out a laundry slip believes him self to 

 he a respected critic. 
\brabant 
Lincoln was told that Staunton called hint a fool. Lin co ln answered: 
M r. Staunton is a wise man and ii he called me a fool, I ll look into the m atter.” As criticism comes vour way. sm ile hack and keep a sense o f 

 hum or. 
“l l hat von think, von and von alone know. Vi hat you say, the world knows. 

A n sw ers T o H o u s e k e e p e r's S e a rc h F o r a P ra c tic a l C a rp e t 

Success in any investm ent is found through this action: 
Analyze your need thoroughly then fill it w isely.” 
Th ere are actually three types o f carpet q u a lit ie s made to fill these needs . . . the plain plush pastel colored carpet for form al ami m eticulous living: the shag or high low textured m ulticolored m edium toned carpet for casual living and the densely surfaced I weed cd or well patterned carpet tor hard use or even abuse a s given in com m ercial use. 
Rem em ber t h i s well! V e rv light or very dark plain colors s h o w t h e dirt. 
M edium , muted and m ingled colors are more practical. 

N ext % eek 

W e w ill discuss: "H o n e s ty in estim atin g yard ag e.” I U t ii th en , th in k this o ver: 

*(h ie reason a dog has so m an y frie n d s: h e wags his tail instead of his to n g u e .' 

In q u ire A b o u t 

Im portant booklet on Carjiet Care 

Phone. W rite, or \ isit Ted O brent 

1 O 'K re n t Speaker s Bureau 

JOO San Pedro 
• 227-7.18» 

Read Ann Landers 

On Life 

 and Love 

 in the San Antonio Express 

Reflect your good taste and fashion awareness 

In the lean, lithe look of our strippy sandal. Neatly interpreted in cobra or smooth leather, it s just the inspiration you need for moving beautifully into spring . . . $3o. 

FAMOUS LEES® CARPET 
ON SALE 

Come Siiv Ami Sare. 

NOW. 

DIANNE FLACK 
INT! RIORS-SAN ANTONIO 

MON., TUES., w e d ., FRI, 1o-6 
THURS. 1o-8; SAT. 1o-5 
9329 WURZBACH; 696-1 791 
BA N K AM ERIO ARD , M A STERC H A RG E, 
& R EV O LV IN G C H A R G E 

A C ONI HAFOKA* Y SAXONY IOO* . . . The bagh! dew 

 colors (M kt this cot pot Astint hee This (of pot gives a very ti. 

 pensive took on tho Hoot. cmd one tho! ti boid lo distinguish 

 tot tow putt A Dotion tiber noted tot Us non stalk choice- 

Noshes and yows ot graceful weal 
IIG . D A SSO . YO 
1 % OK 
SALE............ o „ . y<( 

TNH HCM TtXTUtf lands elegance ie every lifestyle, the durable hoot sol yonis will give neon of booutiful use Such a favorite at Dionne flock Inlonors is this toot we used it on the 
Hoof of our new store 

RIG. 14.45 SO YD 
SALE.... IO 

CLASSIC MANOR (A RN T. . . thick. Heavy, and Dense the ftoei is Dumont s Anlroo — toe most widely used Commercial strands lay ton carpal in toe oleos of your Home subject to the most usa, and it wto still maintain its luxurious looks for years lo corno 

ELECTRA 

Choose from Black 
• Camel 
• 
N avy 
• 
Bone 
• 
Red or 
W hite tn 
Cobra 

Also available in beautiful shades of smooth leather 
• Multi-Bone Hombre 
• Multi-Colors on W hite 
• Multi-Colors in Pastels mam 

 mg. ir es so to 
SALE... 
13 95 

 aq y d 

95 

 aq yd 

A SUSHI PATTERNING Iff KT lends sophistication to any oleo, and DuPont s famous Commercial Antron fiber ensuies yews of heavy use Thn Seal luxury taipei creoles dramatic appearance which maintains its style for years to come 

R E D C R O S S 

VERY SOTT TO TIN TOUCH . . . but deceiving Ruggedness 
Its DuPont s 
Tool bable fiber" Cor pc I, o very exceptional value due to Aright Ckw Dramatic Colat Available in o Rain - baw rd ice cream cokes and Pastels, and ifs soft sensuous feel make if a value not to be missed 

RIG. 17.95 SO YD 
SALE... 
14 95 

 aq y d 

RIG. 16.45 5o YO 
SALE... 1295 

 aq y d 

LUXURIOUS! T STYLED PLUSH in rich etogonl tones embraces a classic lifestyle Elegant and Deep Pile Textuie radiates rich accents of shading cmd highlight* 

MG. I M S SO VO 
SALE... 
14 95 

 aq y d 

 jA SHOE 
A k HOUSE 

• M cGeiess Ploio (BIG M) • Jeffenan Village 
• Central Pork to South Pork Mall to Universal City 
• MCreiess Village • W in d s o r Park Matt ar 
DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR 

Min. pi Moi i bes ne t annet non whe»-*e< with me Amenta* autumn led (less 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 1977 

Heal life romance sometimes seems straight out of a mox ie script. Good-looking blonde air­ line stewardess sights hand­ some young bank examiner on her flight — and marries him. 
* 
T h is is how R ic h a rd aud Sharon 
Bothe met and married 14 years ago. 
If s not too surprising that their son 
Brett, who just turned I:}, wants to be a pilot and 8-year-old Melissa has flight attendant in her future career choices. 
Richard is a native San Antonian and attended Edison High School. San An­ tonio College and St. M arx's tnixersi- t.v lbs father. Richard Sr., was a G er­ man immigrant who at Iii came from 
Bade Harzburg. He was a woodwork­ ing pattern maker and married a girl of German descent. 

Traditional 

“ We try to blend his German tradi­ tions with my m elting pot ones.” 
Sharon says. "A nd add a few of our own.” 
: "W e still go hunt a cedar Christmas tree — German style — the children decorate it in their rooms. And they enjoy the Beethoven children's Christ­ mas party." 
Richard was just named president of the American Bank of San Antonio He was with Main Bank and Trust for seven years before as vice president and then president 

I wasn't, a fish erm a n until I hooked a hope sailfish two summers agit deep sea fishing. But ire have al ira vs loved the coast, especia I tv 
Bort 
A ra n sos. * 
— 
S’Ii a roii 
Bothe 

Four previous years he w as a vice president of Brooks Field National 
Bank. 
His banking career began as a na­ tional bank exam iner for the I S 
Treasury Department. 
He has worked with Alamo Kiwanis 
Club. Chamber of Commerce and from troop level to district commissioner of 
Boy Scouts, tie was a chairm an two years for the KLRN-TV Auction and will auctioneer this veal’. 

• 
ALL 
IN THE 
FAMILY 

Richard is on the board of the Me­ tropolitan Y M C A and belongs to the 
Masons and Shrine. 
For the past few years lie s been on a two mile a day jogging program with the Central Y. Ile also enjoys racquet­ ball. 
Hunting and fishing are two sports he greatly enjoys. Beside deer and bird hunting locally, lie s hunted iii New 
Mexico several times on the Indian 
Hiekorx Reservation. Last August. Ile tracked Alaska rams with two guides and airplanes. The party returned empty-handed but with a treasury of memories of experiences and sights. 
“ We love to entertain — mostly in­ form ally," Sharon says. "And Richard is an excellent gourmet cook. He makes delicious meal dishes aud home'made bread." 
Richard and Sharon just returned from a Hawaiian trip. "O u r first trip alone i i i quite some tim e." Richard says. "A nd it was great " 

Slia nm 

Sharon was born aud educated in 
Corpus Christi. After m arriage they lived briefly also in Dallas and Corpus 
Christi. 
As an ex-stewardess, she has worked part-time for "Flig ht TXA" which is a 
New York based firm handling con­ vention work She's also worked for the 
Convention arid Visitors Bureau. 
While a member of the Conservation 
Society she directed one of the Mission 
Tours 
SIH1 is president of the Suburban 
Ban k ers W iv e s and as a m em ber serves on tin' Rhodes Consumers Ad­ visory Board. She is a past president of 
Clipped B 's and Ala Cortada. rile fam ily belongs to St. M a rk s 
Episcopal < hurch where she has taught the two-year-olds for five .'ears 
She is Melissa's homeroom mother and has been Brett s. The couple be­ longs to both F i t is. 
Her first love is people and she m akes a stranger feel welcome iii her home. 
She loves to sew. esp e cially for 

Melissa and to make Christmas gifts. 
Sharon goes to exercise class six days a week at Body Works by K ell' 
" I wasn't a fisherman until I hooked a huge sailfish two summers ago deep sea fishing." she says. "B u t we have always loved the coast, especially Port 
A ran sas" 
Richard’s brother married Sharon's sister and their families are close spending the holidays together. 
" I love animals and I guess ifs a good thing." Sharon laughs. "W e had a flair of finches, rabbits, a coachwhip snake, guinea pigs and baby guinea pigs." 
"And now," Melissa adds, "w e have 
Meng, our Lhasa Apso; Licorice, our cat. and Pug. our beta (fis h )." 
Brett adds that he also has an aquarium with two big red tiger oscars that he raised from babies. 

Mel isKi 
Melissa is a second grader at Cam­ bridge Element a rv School. She is ver­ satile. She plays the violin in the school string orchestra and just ran the 
411-year-dash 
An outdoor lover, she likes to ride bikes, rollerskate, ice skate and hot rod in her "Green M achine." 
She has taken horseback riding les­ sons and started swimming at nine months. lier career choices include a nurse or a teacher, also 
She enjoys crossword puzzles and word games. 
" I tried embroidery—but I guess 
I II have to try again." she sighs. She likes to practice her new cursive w rit­ ing. 
Her bed is covered with her stuffed animals. 
Hothouse 

Brett's a seventh grader at Alamo 
Heights Junior School. He plays the 
French horn in the band and is begin­ ning music lessons. 
He played soccer five years for 
Northwest YM CA. 

He collects skins and you'll find deer, bobcat, rabbit, possum and coyote pelts in his room. Ile also collects fossils, rocks and arrowheads. 
He is a good sw im m er and likes cannonball dives. He rides his bike, plays tennis and racquetball and joins his friends in sandlot football. Ile likes to fish and hunt. 
Brett is excited over the fact that he w ill soon be the proud owner of a newborn Blue Tick hound to train for coon hunting. 

Brett likes to draw and enjoys books and records. He likes cam ping and attended Camp Longhorn two years ago and Trinity Tennis t amp last- year. 
This summer he will go to a Wyoming camp. 
At church, he is an acolyte. 
W ith other seventh graders, he's enrolled in ballroom dance classes. 
Richard says that with an average number of ev eryday problems, he feels that Sharon aud he try to be under­ standing of each other's problems 

Sharon adds, "W e both have mutual goals and our home and children are verv important to us." 

"And we want them to be proud of their heritage and respect other's San 
Antonio is a great place to learn appreciation of all cultures." 

N F M W E E K : Meet the llaases 

/vj r* > V 
I 
,Ki 
-rpf-i' ■* 
' 

* •-*v6> d > 4 f - j x 
ACTWfc TJON*- 
- 

♦fcjofV A* : 

 courts nei j stoic, anc 
• 
• 

Mc Cu aer** 

 twister 

For months I have played the in-and-out game with my house* plants — in for the freeze and out for tin* sun: 

I'm tired! And so are my plants! 
Nuncv and I used to v isit each others' plants and exchange cuttings 
We w atched d a d ' for new grow th whirh added excitement to our stand­ still lifestyle. 
Now we sympathize with lier philo­ dendrons as they drop their leaves aud lean toward the windows W e debate xx I iv mv C hristm as plant d id n't ob­ serve Christmas! My common ivy has the blahs; and her spirea thinks it is wilted lettuce. 
"That s the last time I'm going to haul those pots in-and-out, 
I a n ­ nounced last week. My green thumb suffered from winter pallor, and my attitude was worse than the weather­ man's predictions! 

S p r i n g 

Children were flying kites when I made that announcement. That s al­ ways a sure sign that spring is here. 
There was nothing wrung with my plants that a little sun. a little rain and a little plant food couldn't cure. 
I put the pots on the patio and left for a dental appointment filled with confi­ dence that they would benefit from a de in the quiet shaded sunlight o\ noon that day I had a new tilling in my mouth and was enjoying a calm drive home with the windows down I was six blocks from my patio when trash cau s started leaping from curb* sides and rumbling across the streets. 

Ira!fie lights began to swing their signals. My station wagon began to veer from tine side to the other. Trees began to lean iii pain, and dry w eeds waved IrantieallyTrom vacant lots 
W amino 

Could it be true? For months I fur­ nished full defense for my greenery against the furnace, the football and the fam ily's feet. For months I pro­ tected the leaves ag ainst fungus, famine and freeze. No one warned me about the wind! 

By the tim e I fought the ungentle breeze to my back yard, the corn plant had snapped its stalk! The runners from the hanging baskets were skip­ ping across the dry grass. Two hang­ ing baskets were no longer hanging! 

It was all in vain — the in-and-out game. As I view the pathetic patio, I know if I continue as a hothouse housewife I must replant my pots in­ stead of just repotting my plants' 

I yield to the wise words o! Adda 
Rogers St. Johns: "N o one has more enem ies to fight than a gardener!" 
To celebrate spring this year. I'm giving each of my friends a wind- w hipped pot of dirt 
As for my green thumb — it s taking up needlepoint. 

$ 
1 o o ,o o o 
INVEXTOUV- 

CLE/UMNCE SALI;! 

6842 san pedro 
142 s.w. military ashby at mccullough 

This w e e k’s date book 

M O N D A Y 
IO 
OOT 
C A S T L E 
H I L L S 
W O M E N S C L U B , in the m u " 
K mot budding 
En id Collins will 
Deo* on 
Sag Woman Tells Alf and am eers will De elected 
B v laws will also De revised 
IO a m 
IN N O V A T IO N S T U D Y 
C L U B . in m c name oi M rs F red 
VV 
R iley 
M rs 
o 
L. 
T h ra ll*ill will D row n) 
Customs — Old and 
Now 
H JO a m 
W O M E N O F S T . 
L U K E S C H U R C H , will m e lt tor c o r Dorote com m union and tun 
(neon a* the church 
The Rabbi 
Sam uel M 
Stab! win speak and win bv assisted bv Cantor Scott t 
Colbert and M rs Je a n W hile, accom panist from Tem ple Both 
E1 
H ostess guild s w ilt be St 
Jo h n >. st 
C e c ilia s an d th e 
Wedding Gaud 
J 4S p m S T A R L I T E G R O V E , 
W oodm en Ot the W orld in the 
Crockett Hotel 
• p m 
C A T H O L I C 
D A U G H T E R S O F A M E R I C A , 
No 

 cut, ter u 
B l other Robert H u n o* th e O b la te S e m in a r y w in spea* 
Hostesses w ill be M ines 
V 
H 
U rban. J 
L 
Sed/er and 
John Stanchak 
T U E S D A Y l # J 8 o rn. C H A P T E R 
E U . 
P E O . in rn* home ot M rs G B 
Andrews 
M rs 
W 
S 
Jo r * u WH* ae cobostess tor mc luncheon 
Noon R E G I N A G U IL D , tn the 
B ' lu h t S h a w l 
M is s D o ro th y 
o NeiH, e * e c u tiv C d ir e c to r ot 
S e n o r Community Services, wm speak 
Noon W O M A N S A U X I L I A R Y 
TO 
T H E 
B E X A R 
C O U N T Y 
P H A R M A C E U T I C A L A S S O C I A 
T ION. in L a Palo m a Restaurant 
M rs C harles G n ttin will Dc bos less ch airm an 
The E n e rg y St laotian and Fu tu re F la n s win tx o reseated bv 
City 
Pu b lic 

* JO p m . T E X A S C H A P T E R . 
A m e ric a n B u s in e s s W o m e n s 
Association, in the Arden G ro ve 
F o rty Hgu>e Copt B ria n Tector. 
L a c s land A F B . w ill speak an 
Leadersh ip 
H elen Jonson will be vocational speaker 
7 JO p m . 
O M I C R O N 
C H A P T E R 
F h i E ta Sorority, in the St 
A n th on y H o te l 
D u tch 
*rHilt d n in tr (jt 4 p lf! id tnt* 
M ad rid Room 
Coories G rah am and Bob Fu ch s wit! p re terit a p rogram o' 
Canoeing the Rio 
G ran de Canyons. 
W E D N E S D A Y v cs a m 
A C T IO N A M E R I C A 
R E P U B L I C A N W O M E N , in 
L ib e r fy N a tio n a l Bank 
M rs 
G e n eva G e rm an and M rs 
Her 
D e n v a n I an t w ilt p re se n t a 

J»r .CU urn on cu rren t legislation 
I Lonostesses will be M ates C 
W 
F rie s Jr and M rs. M t 
W it* 

IO a rn 
F E O C O U N C I L , ut 
Star Oak s 
IO an t. SAN A N T O N IO N E W ­ 
C O M E R S B R I D G E C L U B ut the Dobbs House 
Inter not tarsal 
Airport Residents ot Sun Anton 

 id tor less than two ye a rs a r t invited 
IO a rn 
S H A V A N O 
F A R K 
W O M A N S C L U B wm hula a luncheon in the 
Southwest 
Cr att Center. Cohostesses win be 
Motes M urtm Brond t and K G 

THE RICHARD BOTHE JRS., Brett, Melissa and M eng 

L-c.- • 
PHOTO BV RON JONES 

 tm Brand t and K G 
Vuugnt 
Noon A E R O S P A C E T O A S T ­ 
M I S T R E S S C L U B , 
Council I. 
Texom o R egio n , in te rn a tio n a l 
Toastm istress Clubs, will m eet in 
B ro o k s A F B O f t t ic e r s O p e n 
M ess 
M iss C athy Su llivan will be to a s tm is tre s s an d T h elm a 
Vaiiguro will present a workshop on 
P r o t o c o l 
M r s 
H a r o ld 
Adair will report on the Council m eeting. O th e rs p a r tic ip a tin g will be M in es 
Lou ise Cashion, 
C lemon M addo*. Sh yrl Cresw ell and Gomel Sm yer 
I JO p m 
A L A M O S A N A N ­ 
TONIO C H A P T E R U l t . A A R P , rn the dining hall. Si John s Lu*h cran Church H en ry Cisneros will be speaker 

H J O p m 
G O V 
R I C H A R D 
P R E S T O N C H A P T E R , 
Colonial 
I 
Domes o* the X V II Century, rn the Wedgwood A partm ent p arty room C©hostesses wilt be M m es 
T h o m a s h 
C o m p e r e . 
A le c 
Kieim on and Roy E 
Jo n es M rs ja m e s F 
Choom an w ill reoort on National Detense and M rs tru m an Flow ers will re p o i! on 
Stole Conference 
J JO p m 
W O O D L A W N 
A G E N D A C L U B . in the home of 
M rs 
Joe* F r a ile r 
Cohostesses wilt be M m es 
J w 
Austin, W 
M Records and Jam Jones 
I JO p m. A U D IE L M U R P H Y 
A M E R I C A N 
L E G I O N 
P O S T 
A N D A U X I L I A R Y U S . in the 
Colonies House, Inc Or 
Thom as 
Gloss will speak 
T H U R S D A Y 
IO o rn C H A P T E R AU . P E O . ip the home cit M rs L a r r y Gibbs 
Canos fesses 
. wm ne. 
M m e v 
M anfred G e rh erd t and F rie n d s 
S Tarkmgton to o m C H A P T E R OW. P E O , in the home of M rs 
Ja m e s S 
Kerr with M rs 
J 
W 
Pieper as cohostess A coffee w ill precede the meeting 
Noon H O M E E C O N O M IS T S IN 
H O M E M A K I N G . in W y a t t s 
Cafeteria on Babcock Road 
An e «cbange of ideas plus news o# the latest developm ents from the annual Texas Hom e Eco n om ics 
Association m eeting in Ft W orth is planned 
I p rn 
A S S O C I A T I O N 
O F 
C H IL D H O O D E D U C A T IO N . in 
Agudas Ach im 
C h arlen e A lvar ado will hove a presentation of puppetry in the classroom 

F R I D A Y ig a rn. 
O L ' 
S h a v a n o 
C H A P T E R . 
D a u g h te r* pf the 
Am erican Revolution, in the to smote ot Te*an Cultures Hem is 
F a ir G rou n d s 
R o ck y Sig n in g s wit present u p ro g ram on In pions at Ti *a*. Hostesses will b* 
Ll Col 
K a th ryn M arsh M rs 
C 
G 
Jar dun and M rs 
F t o n u s F 
Puce 

S A T U R D A Y l l JO a m 
S A N A N T O N I O 
A L U M N A E C H A P T E R 
>g a 
Kappa sorority, grid guests win hold a luncheon rn the- M illa rd t alm uce G r a m m a r School and 
G rille 
N e w c o m e rs to the city a re welcom e 

I M p rn C H A P T E R V. P E O , in Hie hom e at M rs 
J 
C 
Hun cork 
M r*. W 
R 
Jo rd a n w ilt present a prugrom on orts in the com m unity 
M rs Le-onord C a rl 

 son is cghosress 

 rubies 

DIAMOND TRIOS 
The Easter season engagement has a long tradition. So has the selection of diamond wedding jewelry from our large collection. 14Kgold. 

REGULAR CHARGE ACCOUNTS. 
EXTENDED PA YMEN T PLANS. 
Master Charge/Bank Armer icard 
American Express. 

CENTRAL PARK MAIL 

341 4481 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

654 6435 

Bothes hound to tradition 

UNPAINTED 
FURNITURE 
COMPANY 
;• I ( ' R 
I 
. ■"} 
. ‘ 
W 

 r 

Rodolfo Cedillo, 
Nancy M. Reed recite nuptials 

The Rev. Valentine Scherrer offi­ ciated at the wedding of Miss Nancy 
Melinda Reed and Rodolfo G. Cedillo. 
Saturday in the San Jose Mission. 

The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Marie B. Reed and Peter N, Reed. The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. Ro­ dolfo Cedillo. 

Maid of honor was Carmelite Cedillo. 
B ridesm aids were Otila V illarreal, 
Maria Sorola, Rebecca Cedillo, Monica 
Romero, Ana Luna and Nora Maluy. 

Serving as flower girl was Liliana 
Villarreal and ringbearer was Eduardo 
Cedillo 

Best m an w as R icard o Cedillo. 
Groomsmen were Jose Villarreal, Syl- vestre Sorola. Enrique Reed. Angel 
Cedillo. Armando Villarreal and Ar­ turo Villarreal 
A reception was held in the San Jose 
Men s Club. A dance followed in the 
M ission Room of the Convention 
(enter. 

MRS. RODOLFO G. CEDILLO 

The couple will honeymoon in Guan­ ajuato. 

Karadelioglous to make their home in Greece 

Miss Rebecca Marina Zertuche and 
Peter Karadelioglou of Athens, Greece exchanged marriage vows Saturday in 
St. Peter Prince of the Apostles Catho­ lic Church. The Rev. Albert Hulbertus officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Marcos Zertuche and the late Mr. Zer­ tuche. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Gregorios Karadelioglou of 
Athens. 
The bride was given in m arriage by her brother, Marcos Zertuche II. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Ronald 
Sccgleo of Yorba Linda, Calif. Brides­ maids were Roxanne Zertuche and 
Patricia Williamson. Flower girls were 
Christine Seegleo and Michele Scegleo. 
Serving as best man was Arturo 
Alexander of Laredo. Groomsmen w ere 
Ricardo Alexander of Laredo and Tho­ m as Huggins. U shers w ere N ader 
Monis of Afganistan, Ronald Scegleo of 
Yorba Linda, and Al Hernandez. 

A reception was held in the Turtle 
( 'reek Country ( lull following the cere­ mony. 

MRS. PETER KARADELIOGLOU 

After a wedding trip to New Orleans, the couple will reside in Athens. 

Wedding vows are repeated 

T he 
F ir s t 
B a p tist 
Church in Floresville was the setting F nday for the wedding of Miss Terry 
Jean Campbell and Paul 
W allis Pfeil of F lo re s­ ville. Officiating was the 
Rev. Howard Schutt. 
T he b rid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Billie Jo e C am pbell. 
Parents of the groom are 
Mr. and Mrs. John Wallis 

Pfeil of Floresville. 
Maid of honor was Su­ zanne Y oung. B rid e s ­ maids were Sue Pipes, 
Cheryl Campbell, Carol 
Crockett, Kathy C am p­ bell and Leona Pfeil. 
Flower girls were An­ drea Hitcher and Hollie 
Crockett. Ringbearer was 
Ryan Smith. 
Serving as best man was T om m y T ackitt 

Groomsmen were Bryan 
O rth, Kent P feil, Jeff 
T alley, Hay L a m b e rth and R ob ert M o rrisey. 
Assisting as ushers were 
Joe Bob Pauliska, Leroy 
Schnautz, David Jaksik. 
Melvin Polasek and Pat 
Richardson. 
After a wedding trip to 
Corpus Christi, the cou­ ple will live in Floresvil­ le 

MRS. IV W. PFEIL 

Frazor nuptials recited 
T he Rev. M ilton K. * 
D are officiated at the wedding of Miss Dawn M. 
Cook and R ich ard E d ­ ward Frazor, Saturday in 
St. 
A n d re w ’s 
U nited 
Methodist Church. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and Mrs. Jam es 
G. Cook and Mr. and Mrs. 
D. R. Frazor. 
Maid of honor w as 
Sheryl Cook, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Vicki Cook, sister of the bride, Missy Frazor, sis­ ter of the groom, Diana 
Mohr and Tammy Habit­ ed. Flower girl was Amy 
Landry. 
T he g ro o m ’s fa th e r serv ed as best m an . 
G ro o m sm en w ere 
Dwayne L andry, Steve 
G assn er, Mike Adcock 

MRS. R. E. FRAZOR 

 and Mike Eyhorn. Ushers were Gary Liberty, Larry 
Liberty, Philip Liberty, 
Charles laundry and Billy 
O’Conner. 

The couple will honey­ moon at the coast. 

Thomas 
, 
Lynda Welch iced Saturday 

The marriage of Miss Lvnda Jane 
Welch and Thomas Jones Lewis of 
Waco was solemnized Saturday in Ala­ mo Heights United Methodist Church by the Rev. Calvin Froehner. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Doyle Welch. The groom ’s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Lewis. 

Maid of honor was Pam ela Richard­ son Bridesm aids were Mrs. Randy 
W atterso n of D a lla s and J a n e n e 
Baldree of Houston. 
Serving as flower girls were eristic 
Murray of Leming and Beth Welch of 
Austin. Ringbearer was Brandon Bibb of Aurora, Colo. 
Best man was John Lewis of Dallas, brother of the groom . G room sm en were William Moltz of Austin and Da­ vid Weber of Houston. Ushers were 
Brian McCabe of Roosevelt Island, 
N Y., Jerry Stephens of Waco. David 
Lewis, b ro th e r of the g ro o m , and 
Tommy Heir, both of Dallas. 

Wedding vows said Saturday 

Miss Dorothy Ann Saunders became the bride of Capt. C harles W arren 
Caprez of District Heights, Md., Satur­ day in Chapel One of Randolph AFB. 
The Rev. Harold G. Guess officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Maj. 
( r e t.) and M rs. R o bert W allace 
Saunders. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Warren Charles Caprez of 
Chicago. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Harry A. 
M cBain J r ., s is te r of the b ride. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. David Haver- korn of Houston, Mrs. Bill Saunders and Barbara Saunders, sister of the bride. 
Serving as flower girl was Kristi Jo 
T ho m as and rin g b e a re r was Ross 
Carlson. 
Best man was Maj. Michael Stevens.. 
Groomsmen were Lt.-Christopher Ni­ cholas of Del Rio, Lt. Patrick Sullivan of Virginia Beach and Harry A. McBain 
Jr. 
Other attendants were Lt. (iunnar 
Ohgren, Capt. Jam es Kraus, Lt. Phillip 
Saenger and Ll. John Fair, all of Del 
Rio, and Capt. Robert Martensen of 
Universal City. 

MRS. THOMAS J. LEWIS 

MRS. CHARLES W. CAPREZ 

The couple will reside in Distrii 
Heights. 

Risque shoes go beautifully bare. 

Take your choice of two new pizazzy sandais..one semi-dress, one super casual. Both thoroughly comfortable and very reasonably priced. "Encore", a streamline T-strap with an easy heel height. Shiny black, white, bone, camel or navy. S (7 to 1o), N (6 to 11), M (4% to 11), 
W (5 to 8V2), 2o.95. Key West, a happy little slip-on- and-go sandal in camel, bone, white or navy leather. Sizes N (6 to 1o), M (4Vi to 1o), 22.95. 

W edding and engagem ent forms available in the 
W om en '* Departm ent 

A n n iw .R S A R y 
S A ie 

o 
% 
- 3 
o 
% 

FASHION RINGS 

Save on exquisite Fashion 
Rings. Choose from the traditional or high-fashion creations. Many set with diamonds and other pre­ cious gems. Also select from fashionable jade, lap- iz, onyx, turquoise set in unique golden designs. The ideal gift for special occa­ sions at special savingsl 

 wife ■ 'V*1 

M IW A C C O U N IS IN V ittD , 

NEVER ANV INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES A l McNEEl S 

Monday Saturday 1o:oo a rn. to 5:3o p.m. 

I HOUSTON ST 
226 8387 
■Riff I ** I 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon. Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. An (A m be Company 

# f, 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

MRS. GARY L. MORRISON 

Miss Anderson becomes bride of G.L. Morrison 

The m arriage of Miss Christine Lynn 
Anderson and Gary Lee Morrison was solemnized Saturday in St. Thomas 
More Catholic Church by the Rev. W. 
Elias. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Clark L. Anderson. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Paul D. Mor­ rison. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Gilbert 
Chavez. Maid of honor was Beth An­ derson, sister of the bride. B rides­ maids were Julie Anderson, sister of the bride, and Mona Morrison, sister of the groom. 

Serving as flower girl was Sheila 
Morrison, sister of the groom, and ringbearer was Jeffrey Fitzgerald. 

B est m an was G ilb e rt Chavez. 
Groomsmen were Philip Ricks, Mark 
McCoy and Harry Crittenden. 

A reception was held in the Brazier 
Room at Los Patios. 
MRS. RICHARD J. DAVILA 

Richard Davila, 
Yvonne Rerban exchange vows 

The m arriage of Miss Yvonne Yo­ landa Berban and Richard Joseph Da­ vila w as solem nized S a tu rd a y in 
Immaculate Heart of Mary Catholic 
Church before the Rev. Ronald Alves. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Albert Berban. The groom’s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. Daniel A. Davila. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Mavis 
Berban Carter. Bridesmaids were Eli­ zabeth Davila and Susan Bell. Flower girl was H eather Bene C arter and ringbearer was Steven Serrano. 
Serving as best man was Neil Carter. 
Groomsmen were Daniel Davila of 
Houston and Je sse Gomez. U shers w ere J a m e s B erb an and E ra sm o 
Gonzales. 
A reception was held in the Turtle 
Creek 
Country Club following the ceremony. 
The couple left on a cruise to the 
Bahaman Islands, Puerto Rico, and 
Virgin Islands. 
MRS. JOHN MAROLT 

John Marolt, 
Miss Torres recite nuptials 

Miss Cynthia Marisse Torres became the bride of John Marolt of Dallas 
S a tu rd a y in Holy S p irit C atholic 
Church. The Rev. Andv Wueste offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Ignacio L. Torres Jr. Parents of the groom are Louis Marolt of Euclid, 
Ohio and the late Mrs. Barbara Marolt. 
Matron of honor was Vicki Penner. 
Bridesmaids were Debbie Torres and 
Denise Torres, sisters of the bride, 
Diane M artinez, Chris Stangel and 
Marsha Garza. 
S p r v i n u 
< h#>*t m ; i n w a s T o p i 
Brady. Groomsmen were Edward F* 
Torres and Ignacio Torres III, brothers of the bride, Armando Sepulveda, Jose 
Bocanegra and Jam es Penner. 
A reception was held in the Interna­ tional Ballroom of the Hilton Palacio 
Del Rio. 
After a wedding trip to Colorado, the couple will reside in Dallas. 

His sex theories are pure fantasy 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I hate to spend 13 cents to write to you, but your answer to 
“ Over-sexed and 
Under-achieving” really fractured me. 
You're off the wall, 
Bube, and I’m going to straighten you out. 
My sex life started at 
J4. Like most of my friends, I wasn't trying to be a “ S u p e r - S tu d ” or 
“ Casanova,” as us you seem to think. We were normal young guys who had “ that old feeling” and needed to do something about it. 
My problem w asn't finding willing partners. 
It was the conflict between my physical needs and my religious training. 
E very three or four days I had to get myself a girl — and did, even though I had a few close 

 calls with VU, p r e g ­ nancy, and one near-miss on a statutory rape charge. 
On Sunday I ’d go to confesssion, get squared away and start again — that sam e night. But I r e m a in e d tru e to my master plan which was to stay single until 
I reached age 4o. 
By then once or twice a month was plenty. My wife, who was younger than I, complained about my low sex drive, but I told her. “ Sorry about that. I did my playing earlier. 
Now, at Ha. I don't need or want ANY sex. So y o u 're wrong. 
Ann. 
Every male has just so many hours of sex play in him and some use up their allotment early. I am. Yours Truly — Ex­ hibit A 
Bear A.: Sorry. Buddy, the fact that you are burned out at 85 has 

 nothing to do with your hyper-sex drive as a young swinger. You fiz­ zled out for other r e a ­ sons-Boozing and obesity are among the most common. 
Cheats 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I read something y ester­ day that made me so fur­ ious my blood pressure must have ju m p e d 5o points. I decided instead of just boiling I d write to 
Ann Landers. You can do something. I can't. 
The facts are as fol­ lows: Fathers who cheat on child support payments and force their families to go on welfare a re costing A m erican taxpayers one BILLION dollars a year. 
According to the 
Govert!ment Accounting 
Office, many f a th e rs e arn in g as m uch as 
$'JO, OOO a y e a r pay no child support. F e w e r 

MADEMOISELLE'S NEW MODEL "J " CREATES A 
FRESH SIDE VIEW O N FASHION. BLACK, WHITE, 
REC................................................................................ $38. 

 oeoo ooooo r 
Guarantee 

NORTH STAR AND MCCRELESS STORES ONLY 

It you hatf a problem Ii 
Ann Landers help xou soh it. Write Ann Landers, eat of the F.xpress-\e«s. P.t 
Box 2171. San Anionic 
Tex.. 7o7. 

 than 5o per cent of ah sen tee fathers pay the ful amount of court support after the firs year of separation. Afte six years, it’s less than J per cent. 
Since you're supp to be a solver of pro lems. what would y< suggest be done abo this shameful situation 
— Top Blown In l.aiaxel 

Dear Top: 
I recoi mend stiffer penalties father who can pay ( Iii support and don't. That’ step No. I. No. J: A mo diligent search for tiles 
“ m issin g ” c h a r a c te r and a tenacious follow-u by legal authorities t make sure justice done. 
Snoozer 
Dear Ann Landers: My husband's Aunt Sarah is 
Ins only living relative. 
She comes to v isit twice u year, is no trouble, and I like her a lot. 
Aunt 
Surah is i i i remarkable health for a woman 
84. but she frequently falls asleep iii the m iddle of a conversation. I d bkt* to know lite proper way to wake her up. Or should I let her sleep? — 
Mon­ treal 
Dear M.: Don't let her sleep. She might fall out of the chair and break a 
Iii!) Jostle her lightly and offer a cup of coffee. 
( (infused alwiut what’s right and what's wrong in today’s “ new morality’’? you're not alone. lf you want honest, dovvn-to-eurth in fo rm a ­ tion on your sex qu es­ tions, read Ann Landers's j new booklet. 
“ High 
Sci tool Sex aud How To 
Deal Wi th It — A Guide 
For Teens 
And 
Their 
Barents. 
Send 5o cents ii i coin plus a long, stam p ed , self-addressed envelope to Ann Lander*. Express 
— News, Box 2171. San 
Antonio, Tex. 7HJW7. 
Altar Society will hold tea 

Altar Society of B le sse d 
Sacrament ( h in d i will have its annual Silver 
Tea from J to 5 p m. 
Wednesday iii the home of Mrs H a m Bunnell, 
Mines. J K 
Willett. 
A ll. Beck and oilier of­ ficers of tile altar society will assist as hostesses, for the event 

Sear* ha* a credit plan to suit most every need 

Sale ends March K ith 

Entire stock of mink 

K egolor lo 8 1 ‘I’iH.tKi. N o w is tile t i m e to choose a mink. A long lasting investm ent now at irre­ sistib le savings. You'll look so elegant in one ut our stoles, capes, strollers oi m in k -w ith leather trim. 

I or pn»i|ij< t« lab* led I m -how t o iiolrv of origin of im p o rte d fur 

Central Bark M o re aud M ililarv D nxc M o r e s 

2o% Off 
Tradition® diamond engagement and wedding rings 

 regular $38 to $712 

Lifetime trade-in 

Sears allows you full cash price paid (exclusive of taxes and finance charge) on any Tradition diamond ring, pin, earrings in trade for a higher priced diamond at any time 
Buy Sears diamonds with confidence 

Because diamond weights are seldom identical, approximate carat 

 weights are shown Sears gives you a Carat Weight Certificate which states the exact weight, to one-hundredth ot a carat, of every Tradi­ tion center diamond of 1/2 o carat or more 
Jewelry enlarged to show detail 

In o u r Je w e lry JP efuirlm eut 

Sale price* good thru April 2nd 
Sears 
D u * h i m * i i l * t u s i t * | . i i , 
XdtdiMl al Navali.. 

S S A Mil. Hi l l lt( I K A N I M (I 
Where America shops 

S a tisfa c tio n O m r u n h v d or Your M oney H uck '^ S t.'S S S g ? 

X1iln.ni H u n si,,,, al Cli a».HH«m Hit 

X |,.i* l i l t ii S a l 
‘CMI-** 

* ru lra t Cai L Slim san IN tim al I *m»|i I Kl 
XI.... tin u Sal, 
«* toe* 

Japanese garden to be show settin 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1 977 

San Antonio Gar­ den Center will have its annual spring flower show, ‘‘For the Beauty of the 
E a rth ,” 
Saturday and Sunday, March 
19-2o, at the Garden 
Center . 
Hours will be from 2 to 
8 p.m. Saturday and from 
111 a.rn. lo 8 p.m. Sunday. 
Mrs. Oliver Bfeil is g e n eral c h a i r m a n , a s ­ sisted by Mrs. Robert E. 
W’eyel .lr. T re a su re r is 
Mrs. .EW. Matthews. 
The show was written by Mrs. D.H. Fillm ore 
Jr. and Mrs. Cleo Lux de 
Arrendondo. 
Mrs. Bob o. Holieron is s ta g in g c h a i r m a n , a s ­ sisted by Mrs. David 
Martin. 
Focal point of the event will be a natural setting with a small bridge and pond in the center, su r ­ rounded by blooming plants. 

Lighted p e d e sta ls holding floral a r r a n g e ­ ments will be placed at the courtyard entrance. 
A general store selling pies, cakes, bread, sand­ wiches and b e v e ra g e s will be on the patio. 
Mrs. ILL. Ingersoll is store chairman, assisted bv Mrs. Ned Miller. 
Mrs. J . D . Holland is classification chairman of the artistic division. 
Mrs. Baul Nauschutz is horticulture chairman. 

Other c h a irm e n are: 
Mines. C T. Hotchkiss, 
Louis Sehlesinger, CAV. 
Beavey. Roy G abryl. 
T h o m a s Culp, Sam B. 
Martin, RAV. Webb, A T. 
Lopez, J.T. Schulte, ILE. 
Winkenhow cr, 
JAW 
Simpson. Edward Story and George M. Kush. 
Also. Mines. R L. San- didge, Milton Baughn Jr. and Robert Hund. 
Mrs. E li. J e n k s is president of the San An­ tonio Garden Center. 

Art Exhibition 
Cloy McGaughy 

AND 
* 
Perry Shankle, Jr. 

March (> to March 21 
Reception honoring tile Artist* 
Sunday. March (>. I to 7 p.m. 

 glosser's a rt gallery 

M M ES. BOB HOLLERON, H.E. W inkenhower and Robert E. 
Weyel Jr. arrange flowers for the annual San Antonio Garden 
Center spring flower show 

The stage will depict a 
Japanese garden with arrangements placed in picture boxes around the walls. 
Table se ttin g s for birt hduys. anniv ersa rys and holidays also will be featured around the focal point. 
Women to see 
British film 

Women's 
Transporta lion Club of San Antonii will p re se n t the film 
“ Second B attle of Bri tain’’ at 7 p.m., Tuesda 
March 
15. in 
Crow 
Ridge Town House Ba 
Room. 

Call Mary Hester reservations. 

Page 
I O E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

 ii 

A .--.. 
& 

 r, 

UM 

K - 

- : r > 

GARLAND’S 
DOING WHAT 
Comes naturally” 
ACTION-FASHIONS 

Life is best doing what comes naturally ... get away 

 and express yourself... be “ you” ! Enjoy your comfort-fashions 

 on picnics, back-packing through the woods .. . even 

 cycling. Face the challenge of today in your airy knit tops, 

 straight-legged pants, 

 pouch pockets, 

 gauchos. 

Juniors 

S-M-L, 

5-13, 

Lemon, 

 navy, red, 

 green, white, 

 cotton/polyester. 

Jacket $24; tops 

$7-17; pants 

 and gauchos, 

$18 to $21. mil 
. * 
\ 
Junior Sportswear 

 v'fa 

. ii 
I 
: 
V 

 r n 
7 

 ll 'N, 
/ ' 

I/ a 

 ii 

I 
'* > . i l l 

J 

 k 

 t ....«IM* 

% 

 i 

A 

 f 
; 
"’" I; 

■BF* 

 ii* I" i i 
I r e 
o 
I 

, j u —- ■ * - 

 r n 
* 

Ii SBS «13 fÿ- * V ",î / 

Dillards 
SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 1o TIL 9 

 f i fI, i 
' 

What TV is doing 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 
Page . I -f 

A UNIT OF AU JED STORES 

^ 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SCENE n 
North Star Mall 

\ V v 

» t 

) ! 

'A W 

I ! 

! ! 

•IIII 

By 

 ll Idle you re reading this. your rh th! is probably com• fortahlv curled up in (null of the 11 . And lim Is mn flood. 

According lo experts. the preschooler spends til least a third of his leaking hours Hatching TI . School-age chil­ dren a little less. II Inch doesn t leave them much time for learning hon to read, write or — equally important — how to pin x. 

In the following article, the first o f four from her soon- to-be-published book " The Plug-In Drug.' Marie ll inn insists that parents stop worrying about idiot their kids notch and icorrx more about lion much they watch. 

Concern over Uh* effects of tele­ vision on children has centered almost exclusively upon the con­ t e n t of the program s children w atoll. 
Experts study whether TV eumiueri iuls make children greedy and materialistic. 
Investigators seek to discover w hether stereotypes un television affect children's ways of thinking — do they become pre­ judiced or open-minded? 
But the very nature of the television experience, as opposed to the contents of the programs, is rarely considered. 
Perhaps it s the wild variety of images meeting the eye and the barrage of human and inhuman sounds reaching the ear that convinces the viewer TV is a varied ex­ perience. But it is easy to overlook a de­ ceptively sim p le fact: one is alw ays watching television rather than having any other experience. 
W heth er the p ro g ra m is ‘'S esa m e 
Street" or •‘Superman." “ The Descent ut 
Man" or "Popeye.” it is a one-way Iran- sa d ion that requires univ the taking-in of what is on the screen. 
There is. indeed, no oilier experience iii a child’s life that pci mils quite so much intake while demanding so little outflow. 
Fascinat iou 
A father of a five-year-old relates “ My son and I were lying on the bed together the other night, watching a program about labor unrest iii Cornwall, and he was absolutely fascinated. 
I said to him. ‘Would you like me to explain this to you?’ and he said. ‘No. 
Daddy. I’m just watching.'” 

T h e c h ih ! n e ed s to d e v e lo p set I - d i r e c t i o n . lo lib e r o Ie h i m s e l f fr o m d e p e n d e n t s . 
The te le v is io n e.\ p e t te m e h elp s lo p e rp e t no Ie tlepen- d e n cv . 

Preschool children arc the {■ingle lar­ gest television audience iii 
\m e rie a . spi raling a greater number of total hours and a greater proportion of their waking day watching telex isiou than any other age group. Even the most conservative esti­ mates indicate that preschool children iii 
America are spending more than a third of their waking hours watching telex ision. 
Surely the fact that young children watch so much television reflects the needs of parents to find a convenient source of amusement for their children and a moment of quiet for themselves. 
It seems. then. parents worry about the programming lo assuage their gnawing anxieties about the possible effects id hours of quiet, passive television-watch­ ing. 
I >I>Im>r t i m i t i o 
The developing child needs opportun­ ities to work out Ins basic family relati on­ ships. The television experience only re­ duces these opportuneu s 
• Tile child needs to develop scil direc­ tion. to liberate himself from dependency 
The television experience helps lo perpe­ tuate dependency 
• 
The child needs to acquire funda­ mental skills in communication — to learn to read, write and express himself flexibly and clearly. The television experience does not further his verbal development localise it does not require him to talk back. 
• The young child s need for fantasy is gratified far better by his own make-be- 

 m a r u : Win n 

Is he a 

MARIE W I N N 

 hove activities titan hy the adult-m ade fantasies he is offered on television. 
“ I didn t so m uch watch these shows when I was little; I let them wash over m e ." writes a ‘ill year-old who calculates that sin* has spent JU.UUU hours o! her life iii front of a telex ision sci. 
“ Now I study them Uke a psychiatrist on 
Ion own couch, looking hungrily for some elm* inside of the TV set to explain the person I have become." 
I i r r i t ant 
This indicates Ila* television experience is at best irrelevant and ut worst detri­ mental to children's needs. And efforts to make telex ision more attractive to parents aud children by improving programming can only lead to increased reliance of parents upon television as a baby-sitter aud the increased bondage of children lo their telex Moil s e ts 
Oddly enough the television industry. 
Ihoiieh cynical and self-serving iii its exploitation of children often dem on. st rules a greater understanding of the Hue needs of children than its most linter chi It s 
In defending Ins stat urn's inferior chil­ dren's program s, a network executive states, "ll vvc were to do that (supply quality programs iii the afternoon), a lot o| people might say: ‘How dare they lock the kids up tor another two and a half hours? Let the kids go out and play and let them do their homework. Aud let them have a learning experience.' I don’t think it s incumbent on us to provide them with a service that is sjH'cific in those terms " 
It is unlikely that the networks are eschewing good program m ing for chil­ dren out of altruism, to avoid tempting kids into watching too much television lunk. after all. is generally cheaper and easier tu provide than quality entertain­ ment. 
Nevertheless, the industry ’s cool indif­ ference to the quality ut children’s tele­ vision fare may he more lieneficiul for children than the struggle of those who insist that fine thildron's programs he av a liable at all t lines 
Truth*!* 
But there is a more immediate effect television has on children which parents complain about, litten with considerable anxiety: 
“ My five-year-old goes into a trance when he watches TV. He just gets locked into what is happening on the screen. Ile s totally, absolutely absorbed wnon he watches TV. he doesn’t hear me. To gel 

 m 

 r n 
. mm 

 r n 

■Bilik 
£ H i 
FUR 

'Vs. 

 ii 

TPL 

 r n 

Tx 
SS A 

 r n 
VA M..WK 

 jr X 

 r n 

•A 'XA r n 

, JO SI zombie viewer? 

Ins attention I have to turn the set off. 
Then he snails out of it. 
“ Sesame Street’s " educational director. 
Gerald S. Lesser, refers to children who seem to he in a trance while viewing television as “ zombie viewers." aud notes that the “ Sesame Street" research de­ partment buds nothing alarm ing about 
(lie phenomenon 
In their opinion a zombie viewer might absorb just as much from watching “ Se­ same Street" as a child watching iii a more natural, alert style. "Zombie view­ ing.” writes Lesser in Ins history of “ Se­ same Street.” “ may reflect intense con­ centration or stupor." 
Lilt ii a scientific study of the television tra n c e and the m e n ta l ac tiv ity that accompanies it provides some answers. this question might be answered by noting parents' general observations of their child's state of mind while watching tele- v ision. 
Behav tor 
Parents universally report that tele­ vision-watching induces a stale of relaxa­ tion Thus they frequently use telex Mon to soothe aud sedate an overactive child 
A number ut mothers report 
“ There are limes when you don t want your child to he so active. Halt ail hour before bed­ time I don t want the kids getting worked up playing I d much rather they watch television quietly It doesn t much matter what they watch." 
“ The school psy chologist told mc not to worry about my son s TV watching She said that he probably needs two hours of biali activity when he gets home to relax.” 
However, tune after time parents also note that their children tend to misbehave inst alter they finish watching television 
Because it s short-lived, parents don’t usually make a great deal of it But when asked specifically about th eir child ’s j >os I v jew lug behavior, most do confirm that temporal y crankiness or m e behav lot often occurs al liaise times 
“ We nolle** that they always come away 
I rom an lieut* or two el telex ision-vv,itching ut a terrible state cranky, tired ready to explode. They collie away troll! the set aud try lo assuage soul* sol tot inner dissatis­ faction iii some way — by eating a lot. lumping up aud down aimlessly 
“TV doesn’t improve their disposition 
They re grouchy and irritable l ight alter they watch.” 
“ VVhen Anthony has spent a morning watching TV he’s not to be bv ed vv itll He’s nervous, rude, inattentive, laired, doesn t know what to do with himself, aud is quite disagreeable. Gradually he comes back to normal " 

S i g n a l 

Is |sHst-telex ision crankiness a signal to parents that lh** child is fatigued aud needs to rest? 
Why then. do parents seem lo consider telex isioii*v lew mg a restful, relaxing acti­ vity and often encourage their overtired children ta sellle down bellite the lek*- 
V Moil set .’ 
What form o! rest is the parent to supply, follow mg ,i number ol hours ot telex isinii-u at ching? ll any thing, the child seems in need ol physical ami menial act iv ny 
Ii would seem that post-tclevision cran­ kiness is a symptom that a parent should he**d — a sign that something about tele* 
\iston-walehing is harmful to the child 

MONDAY’S NEWS: 
Make Dull ( hi Id ren 
All Look and No Play 

|c | 1 9 7 7 fey Woo*,* Wmw M iller I rom ffeg book lh* Plug!** 

 th u g to fen pd5>b>fe«d b y G<OV*mo*i Kit>h»hfc-rt 

'V h i 

$ s a 

151.oo 
* 
I 

N a t u r a l . 

T o u r t w a t o e 

 i n k a n d 

Save 
M I our 

 on 

 l e a t h e r p an t coat'- 

Reg- 95o.oo 

Save 15% to 5o% on our entire stock of luxury furs 

We have moved our entire stock of fine quality furs to one convenient location and reduced them to the lo we -t prices of the season. Now is the time to take advantage of our fabulous sale Many a te ono-ol-a-kmd, so hurry! Fur Salon, North Star only. 
Heres a sampling of our savings! 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink cape, reg. 75o OO 
599.oo 
Natural Cerulean* mink Z\ coat, reg. 16oo.oo 
999.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink and leather pant coat, reg. 8oo.oo 
. 4oo.oo 
Natural blue fox jacket, reg. 9oo.oo 
649.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink stroller, reg. 28oo.oo 
1849.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink stroller, reg. 2ooo.oo 
1599.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape jacket, reg. 12oo OO 
. . . . 959.oo 
Natural red fox cape, reg. 4oo.oo 
................. 
199.9o 
Color added ranch mink full length coat, reg. 48oo.oo 
3599.oo 
Natural Shadow* mink Vi coat, reg. 28oo.OC ............. 
. . 
1959.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink full length coat, reg. 36oo OO 
2799.oo 
Natural Cerulean* mink cape, reg 1ooo OU 
799.oo 
Natural Tourmaline‘ mink stole, req 8oo oo 
649.oo 
Natural ranch mink 34 coat, reg. 28oo oo 
1999.oo 
Natural Lunaraine mink stroller reg. 28oo.oo 
1989.oo 
Natural rabbit pant coat, reg 2oo OO 
149.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink and leather pant coat, reg. 95o.oo 
799.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape, reg. 9oo.oo 
. 
699.oo 
Dyed Broadtail processed lamb with dyed mink trim, reg 115o,oo 959.oo 
Natural Lunaraine* mink coat, reg. 38oo.oo 
............... 2699.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink side 3/4 coat, dyed fox collar, reg. 95o.oo .................................................................................................. 759.oo 
AU items listed subject to prior sale. 
All fur products labeled to show country of origin of imports furs. 
*TM E M B A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sunday March 6 1977 engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents 

Fonda Davis 
Gary Gossen 

 set wedding for summer 

Mr. and Mrs. Jerrel Davis announce the engagement, of their daughter. 
Fonda Fave, to Gary Scott Gossen, son of Mr. and Mrs. Jake Gossen. 

The b rid e -e le ct received a LTS. degree in secondary education from the 
University of Texas where she was an officer of Alpha Epsilon Phi. 

Her fiance graduated from the Uni­ versity of Texas where he received a 
B.A. degree in biology with highest honors. He was a mem ber of Phi Kappa 
Phi, Phi Beta Kappa, and Tau Delta 
Phi. He is attending the University of 
Texas Medical School in San Antonio. 

A June 19 wedding is planned in Beth 
Yeshurun. 
FONDA F. DAVIS 
GARY S. GOSSEN 

Miss Richardson, 
David A. Hinson to recite vows in May nuptials 

Mr. and Mrs. Martice E. Wise of 
Bulverde announce the engagement of their daughter, Cynthia Jean Richard­ son, to David Aaron Hinson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Troy M. Hinson. 

The bride-elect, formerly of Maimi, is a graduate of Holmes High School where, she was a member of the VOE 
Club. She attended San Antonio Col­ lege. 

Her fiance graduated from Holmes 
High School where he was a m em ber of the football and basketball team. He attended San Antonio College and is a student at the University of Texas in 
San Antonio. 

The couple plans a May 14 wedding in 
St. Paul's Lutheran Church. 

DAVID A. HINSON 
CYNTHIA J. RICHARDSON 

 m ore en gagem ents + + + m ore engagem ents + + + m ore en gagem ents + ♦ 

Couple plans July wedding 

Mr. and Mrs. Keith L. 
Brow n of D enver a n ­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Susan 
Griffith, to Randall Bidi 
Milhoan, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. B. F. Milhoan of 
Lexington, Neb. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of The Kent 
School in Denver and the 
University of New Mexico where she was a member of Mortar Board and Phi 
Kappa Phi. Miss Brown was an out-of-town d u­ chess in the 1972 Order of the Alamo Fiesta Coron­ ation. 
Her fiance graduated from the University of 
Nebraska where In* was a m e m b e r of Alpha Tau 
Omega. 

Wedding and , v‘ engagement forms' available in the 
W om en s Department 

SUSAN G. BROWN 

Wedding plans are revealed 

Ut. Col. (ret.) and Mrs. 
Clyde B. Stokes announce the engagement of their daughter. Susan E liza­ beth, to Jam es Lambert 
( aldwell, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Jam es H. Caldwell of Leesville, La. 

The brid e-elect is a g rad u ate of John M ar­ shall High School. She attended Trinity Univer­ sity w here she w as a member of Sigma Theta 
Tau. 

An April 16 wedding is 
Planned in Oak Ridge 
Baptist Church. 

Swientek-Orts 
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond 
Swientek announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. Mary M agda­ len. to August Jacob Orts of Poth, son of M rs. 
August L. Orts of Poth. 
The b rid e-elect is a g ra d u a te of In c a rn a te 
Word High School. She 

 attended Parish-Draugh- o n \ Business College. lier fiance graduated from Poth High School and attended Bee County 
College. 
B lessed 
S ac ra m e n t 
(a t hoi ic Church in Poth will be the setting for the 
April 16 wedding. 

’/ere' o 
. 
. 

You are invited to come in and inspect a special collection of diamonds now in our large diamond inventory, and to examine for yourself the many choices in size, color, and clarity at attractive prices. 
No two diamonds are alike, and our Premier Collection gives you an important opportunity to select a diamond of just the quality, size, and price you desire. 

1/4 carat collection 

1/3 carat collection 

3/8 carat collection 

1/2 carat collection 

3/4 carat collection 

$15o— $325* 

$25o— $425* 

$3oo— $525* 

$55o— $9oo* 

$11oo— 1195o* 

•Prices will vary according to exact diamond weight and quality 

Something Beautiful for Everyone^ M 

UM cm® OI out convenient charge plans or 
American Exprwt * BankAmencard - Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 1 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
* Windsor Park Mali 

SUSAN E. STOKES 

May vows 
Manned 
3y couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Jam es C. 
Bigelow announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, < arol Renee, to 
William Edw ard C hris­ tian, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
William D. Christian. 
The bride-elect is a grad uate of H ighlands 
High 
School. 
She re ceived a B A. degree in psychology front In car­ nate Y\ord College and is attending Our Lady of the 
Lake University, 
Her fiance graduated from Terrell High School in Denison. 
A May 28 wedding is planned in St. P au l s 
Wissmann-Dye 

Mr. and Mrs. George 
Wissmann announce the en g a g e m en t of th e ir d a u g h te r. P a tr ic ia I, 
W issmann, to 
David 
Bruce Dye of Universal 
City. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Dye of 
Universal City. 

Wedding vows set 
July 15 

Mr. and Mrs. Lee In­ gram announce the en­ g a g em e n t of th e ir daughter, Kimberly Ann. to 
R andall 
E d w ard 
Young, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Jam es L. Young. 
A July 15 wedding is planned iii St. Matthew's 
Catholic Church. 
Miss Ingram is a gra- dauate of Frankfurt High 
School, F rankfurt, G er­ m any, and Southw est 
Texas State University. 
Her fiance g ra d u a te d from John Marshall High 
School and Southw est 
Texas State University. 
KIMBERLY INGRAM 

Miss Bernhardt, 
Dr. Simmons plan May vows 

Mr. and M rs. George M arcellus 
Bernhardt announce the engagement of their daughter, Bettie Katherine, to Dr. 
John Gregory Sim m ons of New Or-- leans. 
The prospective bridegroom is the son of Dr. and Mrs. John Terry Sim­ mons of Pinecrest and Jasper, Ala. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ala­ mo Heights High School, attended Hol­ lins College and received a B.S. degree in education of the deaf from the Uni­ versity of Texas at Austin. Her masters degree iii audiology is from Louisiana 
State University. She is a member of 
Kappa Kappa Gamma 

Her fiance is a graduate of Indian 
Springs School in Helena, Ala., 
He received a B.S. degree from Washing­ ton and Lee University w here he was a m em ber of Beta Theta Pi. He was graduated from Tulane Medical School where he was a member of Nu Sigma 
Nu medical fraternity. He is currently a resident iii Tulane's otolaryngology program. 
Miss Crawford, 
G.R. Villarreal set July vows in Wisconsin 

Mr. and Mrs. Fred Crawford of 
Sparta. Wis. announce the engagement of their daughter. Sherry Ann of Spar­ ta. to George R. V illarreal, son of Mr. and Mrs. George Villarreal. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Ona­ laska Lutheran High School. She at­ tended Martin Luther Private College in Wisconsin. 

Her fiance graduated from Sidney 
Lanier High School and served in the 
U.S. Army, 

A July 23 wedding in Sparta is plan­ ned. 

 i i i*(I I 

BETTIE K. BERNHARDT 

A May 7 wadding is planned in Laurel 
Heights Methodist Church. 

GEORGE R. VILLARREAL 
SHERRY A. CRAWFORD merits £ + + m ore engagements + + + m ore engagem ents + + 

Silos-Scnn 

The Rev. and Mrs. Jue 
Silos J r . announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Rebecca E. Si­ los of Greenville, S.C., to 
Byron E. benn of Green­ ville. He is the son of 
M r.and M rs. E d w a rd 
Semi of Greenville. 
The b rid e -e le ct g r a ­ du ated from T h o m as 
Je ffe rso n High School and attended San Antonio 
College where she was on the Dean’s List. She re ­ ceived a B.A, degree in 
French and Spanish from 
Bub Jones University in 

Greenville. She was pre­ sid e n t of the Spanish 
Club, a m em ber of Phi 
Delta Chi and was on the 
Dean's List. 
Her fiance gradu ated from 
H illc re st 
High 
School in Simpsonville, 
S.C. w here he w as a m em b er of the French 
Club, M usic Club, and 
Block H Club. He attend­ ed Bob Jones University and C entral W esleyan 
College. 
T he couple p lan s an 
April 
22 w edding in 
Bethel Mexican Baptist 
Church. 

Mr. and Mrs. Dudley 
M cCutcheon M atthew s an no unce the e n g a g e ­ ment of their daughter, 
M a rg a re t 
Sherw ood 
Matthews. ten 
John 
T hom as Binkley IV of 
Houston. He is the son of 
Mrs. John Thomas Bink­ ley III and the late Mr. 
Binkley. 
The b rid e -e le c t is a g rad u a te of St. M ary ’s 

Matthews-Binkley 

Hall and the University of 
Texas. 
She is a member of Kappa Alpha 
T heta and the J u n io r 
League. 
Her fiance attended 
Phillips Academy Exeter and g ra d u a ted from 
Stanford University. 
An April 16 wedding is planned in the Margarita 
B. 
P a r k e r Chapel at 
Trinity University. 

Blase-Feuerbacher 

Cheever-Goudge 

CAROL R. BIGELOW 

M ethodist 
I nited 
Church 

The b rid e-elect is a 

Jackson-Spenccr 

 graduate of Canyon High 
School in New Braunfels 
Her fiance graduated from Sam uel C lem en s 
High School in Schertz and a tte n d ed 
N orth 
Texas State University, 
A May 28 wedding is planned in Our Lady of 
Perjietuul Help Church in 
Selma. 

Mr. and Mrs. d ia rie s 
E. ( hoover Jr. announce the engagement of their daughter, Suzanne Irene, to Jam es Donald Goudge, son of M r. and M rs. 
Donald M. Goudge. 
The bride-elect attended 
Southern Methodist Urn- v a rsity and g ra d u a te d from the U niversity of 
Texas ut Austin. She was 

 a member of Delta Delta 
D elta, 
K appa 
Alpha 
Southern Belles. 
Her fiance graduated from the U niversity of 
Texas at Austin where he was a member of Kappa 
Alpha and the T exas 
Cowboys. 
Ail April 3o wedding is plan ned iii St. p e te r 
P rin c e of the A postle 
Catholic Church. 

Mr. and M rs. A. J. 
“ B ob'’ Blase announce the engagement of their daughter, Emily Am an­ da, to Mitchell J. Feuer- bacher, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Alvin Feuerbacher. 
The couple graduated 

 from 
Alamo 
H eights 
High School and are a t­ tending San Antonio Col­ lege. 
An April 16 wedding is plan lied 
H eights 
Church. 

 til 
Alam o 
M ethodist 

WEDDINGS 

Cason-Crocker 

Phillipsllazlctt 

Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
(Horatio 
Ja c k s o n 
J r . announce the e n g a g e ­ m e n t of their daughter, 
Caroline 
W a rre n , to 
G eorge 
H u tch in g s 
I Spencer J r., son of Mr. and Mrs. George Hutch­ ings spencer 

The b rid e -e le c t is a 

Car%er*Pawlik 

 g ra d u a te of Duke U ni­ versity and St. M ary ’s 
Law School. 
Her fiance graduated from Princeton Universi­ ty and is a candidate for 
May graduation from St. 
Mary’s Law School. 
A sp rin g w edding is planned rn the F ir s t 
Presbyterian Church. 

Col. and Mrs. F re d e r­ ick S. Phillips announce the engagement of their daughter, Sarah Ruth, lo 
Samuel B. Hazlett, son of 
CM. Sgt. (ret.) and Mrs. 
Boyd D. Hazlett of Con­ cord, Calif. 

The b rid e-e le ct is a g rad u ate of W iesbaden 
American High School in 
G erm any, She attended 

Indiana U niversity aud the Fashion Institute of 
America in Atlanta. 
Her fiance graduated from 
R andolph 
AFB 
High School. He attended 
San Jose City College in 
California and San An­ tonio College. 
The couple will be m a rrie d 
April 
23 in 
Christ Lutheran Church. 

Miss Cindy C ro ck er and W. Albert Cason of 
New 
B ra u n fe ls ex­ changed m arriage vows, 
Saturday in the Wilson 
Chapel of the First Bap­ tist Church. The Rev. Joe 
MacNamee officiated. 

The b rid e is the d a u g h te r of Mrs. Lula 
Crocker and the late Le- 
Roy ( rocker. She was gi­ ven in m arriage by her brother, L. E. Crocker. 
The groom’s parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. VV. I. Cason of Kingsland. 
M atron of honor was 

Mrs. Jim m y Stohler, sis­ te r of the b rid e , and bridesmaid was Mrs. L. 
E. 
C rock er, both of 
Spring. Tex. Flower girl was C h ristin e P a r r is h aud ringbearer was Brett 
Campbell. 
Serving as best m an w as M arvin P a r r is h . 
Groomsman was Danny 
Ryan of Schertz. Ushers w ere C harlie Hill a n d 
Newell Smith. 
Follow ing the c e r e ­ mony. a reception was held in the church parlor. 
The couple will live in 
New Braunfels. 

Snavely-Taubort 
Keyes-Luna 

Mr. and M rs, F re d 
Carver Jr. announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Luna Lee, to 
John M ichael Paw Ilk, son of M rs. M artha J. 
Paw Ilk and Sixtus J 

Paw Ilk. 
The couple a tte n d e d 
Sam 
Houston 
High 
School. 
A May 28 wedding is planned tit Houston T er­ race Baptist Church.. , 

Miss A lberta M arie 
Suavely, d a u g h te r of 
M rs, 
J a m e s 
E d w ard 
Suavely and the late Ll, 
Col. Suavely, is engaged to J ame* Henry Tuubert, son ut Air. and M rs, 
H enry E rn e st T u u b ert 

Tho Texas M edical Weight Control Center 
Is now introducing the new 

*i k j u 
TREATMENT and total program for weight loss. 

Yet, this is the program you'vt read about in national magazines and a best selling book. Not a 
"diet" but a total concept origi­ nated at Harvard Medical School. 

Protein sparing modified fast • 

No H.C.G. Injections 
Continuous medics! monitoring by Texes licensed Doctors and 
Nurses 
ENROLLMENT WILL BE LIMITED 

Applications processed in order received, lf you are 15 or more pounds overweight, CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION. 
C 

 l*M> »»«#*«• 
U M )« ( m w 
I UM W-«M< rttofkl 
Cm uT 
- « i 
IS H * t Im * S te . / 4 j 
I t* *aMM» 
MMS 
V im 
T i.,, It t li m m 
828-6491 t ) 

Jr. 
The b rid e-elect is a g ra d u a te of 
W inston 
Churchill High School. 
She attended Southwest 
Texas State U niversity and-St. Mary’s Universi- ty. 
Her fiance graduated from 
A ntonian 
Hi gh 
School and is attending the University of Texas at San Antonio. 
A June 18 wedding is planned in St. Gregory’s 
Catholic Church, 

Miss B lanca A licia 
Luna and Joe Reyes, both of A bilene, exch an ged marriage vows Saturday iii the M ain Chapel of 
Kelly AFB 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
Allred Luna of Abilene. 
The groom is the son of 
Mrs Florencia H ernan­ dez and Joe Reyes. 
M atron of honor was 
Mrs. Sam G uzman and maid of honor was Dawn 
Sage, Flower girt was 

Ju lie Ruiz. Serving as best man was Sam Guz­ man. 
A tte n d a n ts w ere 
Messrs and Mmes. Pus- q u ale C aten a, K arl J . 
Dominguez, Manuel Ale­ m an and 
M a rg a rito 
Rev es. 
A ssisting as u sh e rs w ere M artin E d w ard 
Luna and J. Alfred Luna. 
A reception was held in the Villa Fontana. 
The couple will reside in Abilene. 
VICKI NICHOLS 
MODELING AND FASHION STUDIO 
Become more attractive, potted and confident 
Professional instruction in Modeling techniques, Make-Up and Self 
Improvement 
Group or Individual classes 
We Offer A Complete Fashion 
Show Service To Local Stores, 
8 2 4 - 6 2 3 1 
6 9 6 - 7 4 6 8 

Couples are married in double ceremony 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I9 7 7 

About your wedding 

MRS. CHARLES MI DD 
MRS CRAIG L. CLARK 
Newlyweds to live in 
Colorado 

Miss Donna Lee Blask and Lt. James C. Worthy of Hendersonville, N.C. exchanged m arria g e vows Saturday in Chapel 
Seven of Lackland AFB. 
Chaplain R. J. Hawkins officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Raymond B. Blask. The groom’s parents are Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Ja m e s 
A. 
Worthy. 
Maid of honor was De­ borah Ankeny. Serving as best man was Lt. Michael 
Boomgarden. 
A reception was held iii the Lackland Officer's 
Club following the cere- 

MRS. J C. WORTHY 

 mony. 
The couple will reside in Colorado. 

Couple to honeymoon S in Jamaica 

Miss 
Sherri 
Lynn 
Sneekner becam e the bride of Kris Edward 
Niebergall of Austin. Sa­ turday in 
Concordia 
Lutheran Church. The 
Rev. G.A. Merkens offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
W. R. Sneekner Jr. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert ll. Nie­ bergall of Magnolia, Ark. 
Maid of honor was Lova 
C atherine 
Sneekner. 
F lower girl was Shannon 
Miller and ringbearcr was Dean Miller. 
Marc N iebergall of 
Pensacola, Fla. served as best man. Ushers were 
George J. Kennedy Jr. and William K. Sneekner, brother of the bride. 

MRS. K. E. 
NIEBERGALL 

After a reception in the 
Oak Hills Country Club, the couple left on a wed­ ding trip to Montego Bay, 
Jamaica. 
Paul Moreno Jr., 
Miss Kouremetis repeat nuptials 

MRS. P. M. 
MORENO 
JR 

Miss Kathy Kouremetis became the bride of Paul M. Moreno Jr. of Dallas, 
Saturday in St. Pius X Catholic Church. 
The Rev. Sean Garrett officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. aud 
Mrs. 
M ichael 
K ourem etis. 
The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Paul 
M. Moreno. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Carlos Massiatte, sister of the groom. Maid of honor was Mary Kouremetis, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Chris­ topher T. Orth. Joann DeHoyos. Delilah V. Trevino and Deidre Lenovv. Junior bridesmaid was Elizabeth 
DeHoyos. 
Serving as best man was Carlos M assiatte. 
Groomsmen were David Moreno, brother of the groom. Jerry Lozano, Gary Perez and Christopher 
Orth. Junior groomsman was John Kouremetis. brother of the bride. Ushers were Gilbert Salas and 
Mario Trevino. 
A reception was held in the Holiday Inn Northwest. 
After a wedding trip to Dallas and Houston, the couple will reside in Dallas. 

Miss Diane Langehen nig became the bride of 
Charles M. Mudd and 
Miss Jeanne Langehen- nig became the bride of 
Craig L. Clark in double wedding vows on Friday. 
Nuptials were solem­ nized in St. M argaret 
Mary's Catholic Church with the Rev. Marvin 
Doerfler officiating. 
The brides are the daughters of Mr. and 
Mrs. W.A. Langehennig 

Blackwell-Fitch 

Miss Susan Elizabeth 
Fitch of Fredericksburg became the bride of Britt 
Blackwell, Saturday in 
St. Barnabas Episcopal 
Church in F re d e ric k s­ burg. The Rev. Dean 
Pratt officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
W illiam P. Fritch J r. 
Parents of the groom are 
Mr. and Mrs. Mickey 
Blackwell of Tulia, Tex. 
Matron of honor was 
Linda F’itch Hum m el, sister of the bride. 
B ridesm aid was Julie 
Blackwell, sister of the groom. 
Serving as best man was Craig Blackwell, brother of the groom. 
Groom sm an was Dr. 
William P. Fitch III. brother of the bride. As­ sisting as usher was Tip 
Giles of Fredericksburg. 
F’ollowing the c e re ­ mony, a reception was held in Oma Koock’s 
R estaurant in F re d e r­ icksburg. 
The couple will live in 
Boerne. 

Witt-Schneider 

Miss 
Carol 
Ann 
Schneider and Ja m e s 
Lawrence Witt, both of 
San Marcos, exchanged marriage vows Saturday in Chapel 7 of Lackland 
AFB. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
Lawrence E. Schneider 
The groom’s parents an 
Mr. and Mrs. Tom L. 
Witt of Crane. 
Matron of honor was 
Peggy Williams. Brides­ maids were Lynette An- dricks of Houston, Diana 
Holcomb and Mary Kaye 
Smith, both of San Mar­ cos. 
Serving as best man was Randy Reddell of 
San Marcos. Groomsmen were Steve E stes of 
Tyler, Scott Emerson of 
McAllen, and 
Randy 
M arksburv of Austin. 
Usher was Richard Wil­ liams. 
After a reception in the 
Lackland NCO Club, the couple left for a Carib­ bean cruise. 

Course set fo r retirees 

Retired m ilitary and active duty dependents are invited to attend a 
Personal 
Affairs 
O rientation 
Tuesday, 
March 15, in Randolph 
NCO Club. 

Legal aid, current me­ dical and other military benefits will be d is­ cussed. 

The course w ill be from 
I) a.rn. to 2:3o p.m. F>ee lunch will be served to those attending. A nur­ sery will be provided at the base's Child Care 
Center. For nursery re­ servations, call 652-4946. 
To re g ister for the course contact F'amily 
Services at 652-3o6o. 

 and p arents of the grooms are 
Mrs. 
Joe 
A. Mudd. Mr. and Mrs. 
D. L. Clark and Mrs. 
Kenneth Lynch. 
The couples served each other as honor at­ tendants. B ridesm aids were 
Mrs. 
Russell 
Hearne, Janet Jendrzey, 
Julie Langehennig and 
Cheryl Graf. 
Flower girl was Mi­ chelle Ashworth and ringbearers were Bruce 

Jendrzey and 
Tracy 
Langendorf. 
Serving as groomsmen were Mark Mize, Joe A. 
Mudd Jr., Richard Mudd and Arthur Rogers Jr. 
Ushering duties were shared by Robert E d ­ wards. F’red Ashworth 
Jr. and Lee Compton of 
New Braunfels. 
Following the c e re­ mony, a reception was held in Highland Social 
Center. 

Are you getting m ar­ ried soon? Here are gui­ delines and deadlines for sending information to the Express and News. 

A picture of the bride will be published in thumbnail size free of charge. Engraving fees for larger pictures (en­ gagem ent or wedding—you may have both) will be determined by size of picture desired. 
There is no charge for stories without photos. 

Wedding forms must be signed and must con­ tain a daytime telephone number for the person 

 submitting the stnrv 
Wedding stories are not accepted after the wed­ ding. 

Green Tea set March 13 

San Antonio Chapter of 
Huston-Tillotson College 
Alumni and Ex-Students 
Association will hold the annual Green Tea from 4 to 7 p.m. Sunday, 
March 13. in C arver 

Community 
C ultural 
Center. 
Donations and m em ­ bership dues may be paid in advance at the tea. F'or more information contact 
Lloyd L. Foster. 

Losey-Norman 

Miss Nancy Jean Nor­ man became the bride of 
Patrick Douglas Losey of 
Cibolo, Saturday in Mis­ sionary Baptist Church. 
The Rev. W. FL Lvnch officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Don Norman. The groom is the son of Anna Losey of Cibolo. 
Maid of honor was Bori 
Ann Norm an, sister of the bride. Serving as best man was Fred Leal of 
Dallas. Usher was Harry 
Losey, bro th er of the groom. 

Watch Pounds and Inchas Disappear! 
^PERMATHENE-12 
Once-A-Day Continuous-Action 
Capsule Reducing Plan*— Graduallyi crim m ay fat 

Vat. ie * inM —MOW up la i t - I O —ava#* M paimat 
M m fua raw n rf I n n am hfiai — 

• without crM h dial* rn without torturous ox arc im 
■ without ova" jiv in g up a e r o b ia anack* or d a n an * 
• mat road and follow important Oarmathana low calor to reducing pion booklet in ovary package 
# 

Thin* at a Yew <*4c nm om at Hmm amarut, lim* ii it am .arm. Ic. taih morning 
Ma* lor IIM 
•tx al HW aaa. un* Oma* al Ma max w>»t*lul f i d o , r i b e»t# itk*Mb tar butein ton tit (lad imII* I• *<4 imn tom I*Mam lo .<•«Manti, tuib 
,our appatiw > •>»> tom titb it (or Iurn) ceatiaueui act tea anteal tat Mate* (atm at an tan ital evtaunac tat M iu cavil at tai aum ut a Ok*Ma I HI .I 
■ fauna pi»«itm aal, t" ism tnt fiat Vt low out Mu a 4a* ionunooui muon luna iftaaw .am ua n l ,. alan •.wall, balat tour hod, Tut* a mw Into ai anta Ca I n u ,., 
Int,aaa Ot Into It,* 
Hut i »*w t»n na nr a Caaotaf batat a naaa* aaa mea aa* tad ta M 
M itt Mat faut la w ilt,, tom awane* aaa ta- 
I WHX Itta teiertt Iu k a AU. OM I aaa IOO bo 
Int*, of ut tat a Cabiai blart Ha aaa Ma balat t IV Ina la ataatt 
•awa and bhai 

£ 

 abdat naoaaaw la f t t r t a*, baar iou aa,aa anat la aik, . matt aa.aa aam uaiw H Madam annat, at eatMrtt... v i t a tat a wa* to t at*rn > aorta lr i„„ a#mamba# a v moat HMV vipM twain* 
Mb aarn MW «a, tna a , . * i v v at '»* 
•baa 
<atu.it too can maa*u<e an tom a caw t —b rn in# amant! lr .rn ma* l i t ©r tom cloMmu bi man*, btu* 

-bai a mat* awl bai tat v a l it'>»r*i ion, bai aaaae reeatM c a v * tatwf ta ag, a* ,tu ta taal 
•aa* bath a*b i»naa 'aba* «ti«cltMt c#»tlu i 

KJklHenfj more than a drug store 

Sale! You save 

$6o.o2 to $1 8o.o2! Famous 
Stratford' sofa-loveseat sets 
YOUR CHOICE OF 
2-PIECE SETS 

Reg. $659.9o to $779.9o 

M o d em Transitional d elu xe tu xed o style featuring a 9 o " sofa and 
7o " loveseat for PIUS seating accommodations, rolled arm and back effect with diamond tufted back, arms, and inside arms, reversible seat cushions for added durability, and castered fronts. Covered in easy-care ivory vinyl. 
Reg- *599 88 
$779.9o set 

This Traditional English Lawson design sofa-loveseat set has an 
87" sofa and a 6 2 " loveseat with reversible T seat cushions for serviceability, semi-attached back pillows for plus comfort, capped arms, and a kick pleat skirt. Covered in practical wipe clean, child proof 1oo% 
Olefin Herculon in rust, gold, brown, avocado plaid . . . so harmonious with today’s interior decors. 

Reg. 

$689.9o *599 88 set 

 iVV J 
IV > . .‘-I 

SAVE ‘6o.o2 

Country Casual w arm th will take your family back to Early Texas Fron­ tier ranch living with this plush set. The 88" sofa and 6 4 '/2’* loveseat have saddle arms and back, quaint buttons tucking the back, arms, and even both sides of the reversible seat cushions . . . with welting along all seam lines. 
Covered in glove soft toast vinyl. 

Reg. 

$659.9o *599 88 set 

Our Own Convenient Credit plus Master Charge and BankAmericard * 
Delivery and set up at no extra charge within delivery area 

I r o o d w a y 

9 8 o 3 f t r o a d w a y 

• 3 4 - 9 4 o 3 
Opa* 1o 9 Man, I hurt, rn. 

Opan ISA I ut*., Wag, Sat 

D o w n t o w n 
A lg M C it y 

2 3 1 I . C e m m t f t # 
S . N e w I r a u n t a l i 4 

2 3 7 - 4 3 6 1 
# 
I . S o w th a r o * * 5 3 4 - 6 1 8 1 

Opan IO A Alan thru Sat 
Opal IO-* Son. (hun, fit 

•u ap t I hun. Ana till VOO 
Opan IS A (tm . Wad, Sal 

N o r t h S t a r 

S a n H o d r o 6 L o o p 4 1 o 

3 4 2 . 3 3 3 1 
Opan IO 9 M an. fh u n . In. 

Opan IO A T u t*, Wad, Sat. arotkin’s 
■ aka* a t t n h a u w ai l i n k maw*- IM . Iw iu , 

« 
> 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— 
Sunday March 6 I 977 

SALE STARTS 9:oo A.M. 
MONDAY, MARCH 71 
Glo be 

GRAND OPENING CEREMONIES 

We’re opening Globe 
Stores at three new locations here in San 
Antonio, and the 
GRAND OPENING savings are great! 

 r n 

PRICES ARE GOOD AT ALL GLOBE STORES! 

DECORATOR 
PRINT 
SHEETS s t 

WATCHES FOR THE 
ENTIRE FAMILY! 

 ladies’ vinyl handbags 
Web lawn chair 

In a variety of styles and colors Includes shoulder bags, top zippers, side pockets and woven looks. 

■ V J 
, y aF%r$ . 

 print sheets 

Choose horn 4 variety o* printed patterns in no iron polyester and cotton gold. blue and g'een 

2.9 7 std. p c 
2.47 pr. 
4 .9 7 king p c 
2 .7 7 pr. 
5.97 

Hurry For Best Selection! 
YOUR CHOICE 

Big armrest Strong alumi­ num frame. Bright spring time colors. fully quilted bedspreads 

Beautiful print puff quired bedspreads. Some are machine washable Polyester filled 

 full 
8.88 

EXTRA ABSORBENT 
DAYTIME 
48 
SIZE 
DIAPERS 

Globe daytime 48’s 

Globe's own extra absorbent daytime 48 s No pins needed Tape tabs 

 reg. 11.8 6 -17.8 6 

See our collection of watches for the whole family Many to choose from' 
(Many additional styles available Il­ lustrated styles may not be available at all stores 

W M W A C a w * * ! O k * * » < * • * , w k e n c # , •♦ fu e l.* # th ru *A »cn 12. \ % f l VV* flflM * (tm „ 

— 
— 
■ 
11 
1 
— 
* 
- 
■ 
.. 
■■ 
*—■ " ,r 
1 
11™ 
Business and Finance 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M arch 6 1977 
Page 
I -G 
___________________ 

OFFICERS all over the w orld, ran gin g from 
Japanese fire chiefs to the local M a m a P a ­ trol, have been supplied w ith b a d ge s m ade 
Phelps is named to bank post 

J a m e s C. P h elps has been elected to the board of directors at Citizens National Bank. The announcem ent w as m ad e by 
David T. Dillon, president. 
Phelps is president and chief oper­ ating officer of T esoro P etroleum 
Corp. C itizen s N ational B a n k is a m em ber of the F ro stB a n k ban kin g family. 
He is a member of the San Antonio 
Cham ber of Com m erce. Southw est 
T exas M ethodist H ospital, the O k ­ lahoma State I niversitv School Adv i- 

 b y A lv in F. S im m a n g s . The b u sin e ss, founded in I 887, w as frequented by Judge 
Roy Bean. 

By CARLOS FERNANDEZ 
Since 1887 Texas lawmen have been fighting the bad guys and riding into the sunset behind badges made at a local engrav­ ing shop. 
In five recent cases, the badges have been reported as instrumental in sav­ ing the lives of San Antonio policemen. 
They have been worn not only by lawmen but by just about all types of organizations — including the Chicken 
Snatcher Association. 
The badges are now in the m aking under the auspices of seal and metal engraver Alvin F. Sim m angs, H7, at 
112 S. Flores St. 
Sim m angs has been w orking that location since HMH, producing badges that can now be found a s far away as 
Japan, England and Arabia. 

Quit school 

“When I was 16 I was like most kid''. 
I thought I knew everything so I quit school and went to work for my dad," said Simmangs. 
"I'v e been doing this work ever since." 
He describes his work as “ not an easy one.” and “very time consum­ ing.” and doesn't try to hide the fact that his favorite badges are "the easy ones.” 
"The w hole thing started with a fella by theme of Carl Stubenrauf back iii 
1887," Sim m angs reminisced. 
Sim m angs' father and uncle went to work for Stubenrauf, picked tip the business and passed it on to 
Simmangs. 
Oilman favors 
Arco breakup 

J A M E S C. PHELPS 

 sory Committee and t e e s of tilt* A l a m o 
Methodist Church. 

 the board o f trus- 
H e ig h ts U nited 

Bv DAN F ISH E R lbs ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 
LOS A N G E LES — Atlantic 
Richfield Co. Chairman Robert 
(). Anderson says he might be willing to break Arco up into smaller, independent companies if the government would remove price controls from the oil industry. 
Arco President Thornton F. B ra d ­ shaw isn 't so hot on the notion of breaking up oil companies, but he does say that the government needs to set 

"It s funny, but the little guys seem to alw ays order big badges while the big guys order little badges says Simmangs. 

“Back in those days even old Judge 
Roy Bean used to hang around the shop," he said. 
Simmangs is now one of the leading producers of law enforcement badges in Texas 
His shop is named after him. 
Sim m angs m a k e s badges for proba­ tion officers, fire department officials. 

 security guards, the local M am a P a ­ trol and e\t*n for some federal govern­ ment officers 
His work is not restricted to badges. 
He also makes county, corporation, no ta ry and church seals. 
Ile made tile 4-foot tall bronze plaque dedicated to Audio Murphy at the Ve- 

A r c o c h a irm a n says he w o a ld fa v o r a Urea h a p i f p ric e etui In tis w ere lifted f n n n the it ii in d u stry. 

 oil prices. 
If s unusual enough that those posi­ tions put tin1 top officers of one of the nation's largest corporations on seem­ ingly opposite sides of two of tin* hot­ test debates raging around their 

Permits soar 
A total of 262 home permits were issued in January, m arking a soaring 
162 per cent rise over the month of a year ago. 
According to figures supplied by the research departm ent of the 
Greater San Antonio Cham ber of 
Commerce, the valuations of the residential perm its was $7.61 m il­ lion, the highest for any month since 
March. 1974. 
Total building permits issued for the month were up 2.2 per cent over 
January a year ago. 
Total employment in the metropo­ litan area iii December w a s up 1.556 workers from November and up 7.356 over December in 1975. a 2.1 per cent gain. 
Compared to 1975 figures, employ­ ment iii manufacturing rose by 2.366 

 additional workers for a 6 per cent . increase. Durable goods account for a 1.356 gain, with 1.15o of the total oceuring in tilt' non-electrical m a­ chinery category. 
Also, nondurable goods added 956 persons to the labor force, compared to December. 1975. 

In January, both utility consum p­ tion in gas and electricity showed increases over the year ago period, with natural gas gaining 15.6 per ce ut. and electricity 4.7 per cent iii usage 
Emplanemeiit slur January'continued to rise for the nineteenth consecra­ tive month. Total I ma rd ings reached 
96.18o, breaking the previous high by 5.551. or a O H per cent gain over the period a year ago 
SAN ANTONIO BUSINESS BAROMETER - JANUARY 1977 

MONTH 
JANUARY 
% Change 
1977 
I3.67o.9S3,OOO 
$1,844,477,316 

5,1o3,7oo 
42o.877 

11,66S,21o 

Bon Ii o*6*o 
Bonk (leonngs 
Consumption of Natural Got 
Consumption of Electricity (MWW) 
San Antonio Building Permits 
Total Enplaned Passengers 
International Airport 
9o,18o 

New Motor Vehicle Softs 
(Includes Motor Homes) 
3,95o 
TOTAL UTILITIES 
JANUARY JANUARY % Change 
1977 
Gas Meters 
24o.41 
Electric Meters 
28o,5! 

YEAR TO DATE 
% Change 
19/7 
1976 

Same o s column o h o . 

3.7 
EMPLOYM ENT DATA, SA N A N T O N IO S M S A 
DECEMBER* 
DECEMBER** % Changa 

Water Meters (BMO) 26,525 
Telephones 
592,716 56o,196 

1976 
1976 
1976 
1975 
1975 
237,467 
1.3 
To1AI EMPIOYED 
356,85o 
349,5oo 
2.1 
274,o66 
2.4 
Wage 8 Salary Imp. 
321,85o 
315,55o 
2o 

162,746 
1.6 
Manufacturing 
4o,6oo 
38,3oo 
6.o 

26,316 
o.8 
Nontnanufacturing 
281,25o 
277,25o 
1.4 

5 .8 
* Preliminary Figures 
** Revised figures 
GREATER SA N A N T O N IO CHAMBER OF CO M M ERCE RESEARCH DEPARTMENT 

They come here for badges 

★ 
★ 
' k 

Bexar County Savings proudly announces the election of two new board members. 

I. Price Riley. 
G. “Jim" Hasslocher 

BEXAR COUNTY SAVINGS 

BOO McCrclchh Shopping City □ IH 37 at South New Braunfels 
San Antonio, Texas 78223 □ (512) 532-3136 

I lii>* in our Ilion! ox i ic univ** V o| \ o ■»•*« l.» 11. It - c< i nipped w ii Ii ♦*% t*i*\ -.ald \ feat tire \ o h o ha* b ec o m e biniou- tor pin- uio-t c o n v e n ie n c e aud cornloft f e a t u r e - the th inking driver could vs i-h for, 
^ el co m p a red to exp ensive ear- D om -om e o th e r maker-, the -<> H «I i- not lli.it e x pen* 
-ive, I here are at lea-I I i d o m e -1 ie a ml im ported -eda ll- a lid i on pc- w lio-e mail i l i a d lire r - 
-llg^e-ted li-t price ex ceed* \ o h o - . . . eight of them bv ol m ole, (I our ol them bv 
SUMM) and up!) 
S i von could pas a lot more ami not get a < ar a- vs el I tliouglitoiit a* our \ o h o J<> IG L, 

O r M U I c o u ld I til \ tit’ lea-e one ol them* e x p c n -iv e -edam- h o rn u- and pav a lot Ie--. 
VOLVO 
I he ear lot people who think. 
Park Ten Nfolvo ill Scout Deoltr 
AU TH O RIZED DEALER FOR PARTS, SALES, SERVICE 
1 3 2 BALCONES NORTH 
7 3 2 - 2 1 4 3 
\ 

Our new directors are well known for their business acum en — and almost as well known for their outstanding civic leadership. Bexar County Savings takes great pleasure in welcoming H. Price Riley and 
G. “ Jim ” Hasslocher to our board. 

San Antonio EXPRES5-NLW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
Jobless statistic may be a fluke 
J 
„ 

San Antonio'’a newest 
THE NEW EST hotel in town is the TraveLodge complex. The I O-story hotel has 2oo guest rooms 
SA-Airport, which has opened at Broadway Plaza and suites, and meeting room facilities. on NE Loop 41o as part of the Broadway Plaza 
DIVESTING IDEA 

By HOBART ROWEN 
WASHINGTON - The unem­ ployment rate, without doubt the single most important statistic cranked out by the govern­ ment’s numbers factory, fell last month by one-half percen­ tage point (o.5) to 7.3 per cent. 
Or did it? 
There is accumulating evidence that one major factor in the 
' ‘im ­ provement” in the unemployment pic­ ture was the worst winter weather in 
IOO years. It kept many job-hunters at home. 
Maybe half or more of the o.5 point gain was illusory, in effect an unin­ tentional statistical trick. 
The way the survey of jobs and job­ lessness is conducted by the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics, those not looking for work are not counted in the labor force. Hence, they are not counted as unemployed. 
These cautions were implicit in the congressional testimony of BLS Com­ missioner Julius Shiskin — but not adequately stressed. In un inverview. the veteran statistician said: ‘‘lf I had it to do over again, I would have said that the seasonal adjustments we work with couldn't take care of the extreme weather we’ve been having." 
Not exact 
Seasonal adjustments, at best, are not an exact science. By drawing on past experience, the idea is that unu­ sual influences can be estimated, then taken out of raw data, revealing the real trend. 
Example: If December retail sales, reflecting Christmas, normally are 2o per cent higher than November’s any­ thing less than an actual 2o per cent increase would be reported as a de­ cline “ seasonally adjusted " 
For the unemployment numbers, past experience has dictated that in a normal January the unemployment _ level will increase by 13.1 per cent. A ~ jobless increase less than that will be reported as a ‘‘seasonal decline." 
That’s what happened in January. 

 move to one of the 12 other methods of calculating the seasonal adjustment that are regularly published by the government. 
But none of these methods is perfect, and Shiskin understandably resists shifting too casually from one techni­ cal method of adjustment to another. 
That would look like tampering for possible political benefit. 
The Week 

In B u s in e s s 

The approach that would have helped most in January was a fuller explanation of the real impact the weather was having. The BLS had lots of data that would have made the pic­ ture clearer—and at the same time, acknowledged that its seasonal adjust­ ment process, at least on this occasion, wasn’t coping. 
Astonishing increase 
Thus, there was an astonishing in­ crease of 1,248.ooo persons still em­ ployed — but not able to work because of the weather — between December and January. That’s ten times the number for January. 1975, and twenty times the number for January 1974. 

Or take another statistical category: 
Those who work weeks were cut to less than 35 hours because of the weather rose from 728,ooo in December to a record 4.232,ooo in January. These are truly staggering totals, never before approached. 
Now1 we must prepare for the Fe­ bruary jobless figure. The BLS survey of unemployment for February was taken, as it happens, in a week of sharp improvement in the national weather. 
Warmer temperatures will push thou­ sands back into the labor force looking for jobs. 
At the same time, the survey will pick up some plant closings that came after the January tally. So a sharp in­ crease in the February unemployment rate appears to be a good bet. A Jan- u ary-February average might ap­ proximate the real trend. 
Regardless of shorter-term jiggles, the prevailing view in Washington is that the 7.3 per cent January rate doesn t provide the basis for long-term optimism. Unless the economy grows faster than anyone is prepared to predict, the end of the year number could still be uncomfortably close to 7 per cent. 
Perhaps a good rule for the public to keep in mind is this: Ignore — or at least be suspicious of — any decline in unemployment caused by a decline in the labor force. 
Zachry to address employers group 

ILB. Zachry will be the principle speaker at the Associated Employers’ 
41st annual dinner meeting. 
Zachry, a recipient of the “ American 
Patriot — Defender of Free Enter­ prise" award, will address the group 
Tuesday, 7:3o in the Villita Assembly 
Bldg. 

C o n tin u e d front Pa g e IC 

Industry. 
But to top it off. either position is enough to make executives at most other petroleum firms blanch. 
For an oil man to make a statement even mildly supportive of divestiture or government-set oil prices is like a newspaper publisher coming out in favor of limitations on freedom of the press. 
For Anderson and Bradshaw, how­ ever, taking controversial stands and- doing the unexpected have become trademarks. 
• In 1973, the two men launched a campaign to eliminate the oil depletion allowance which had given producers a big tax break ever since the 192os. 
• A year later, Bradshaw not only endorsed a reduction in the number of gasoline-consuming automobiles on 
Los Angeles freeways, but he headed a citizens group working to promote mass transit. 
• Early last year. Bradshaw said he favored "some kind of national econ­ omic planning.” 
• And just two mouths ago, Ander­ 

 son negotiated the purchase by Arco of 
London's fumed liberal newspaper. 
The Observer. 
Bradshaw said that his company first wants "to somehow or other jolt 
Congress into some realization that we simply have got to get at this matter of energy. That's number one of what we’re trying to do . . . Whatever ap­ pears to us to accomplish that objec­ tive we pursue — regardless of what people think.’’ 
Bradshaw noted that a recent survey indicated that only about 12 per cent of 
Americans think well of the oil com­ panies. "W ell,” he said, “ if IO years from now only ll per cent of the people think highly of the management of oil companies we aren’t going to be per­ mitted to stay in business. 
But perhaps more important, “ this is . . . perhaps a misplaced effort to deal with credibility,’’ the Arco pre­ sident mused. An oil company couldn’t get away with buying a newspaper iii this country, Bradshaw conceded. 
There would be u hue and cry that the firm’s objective would be to spread its 
“ Neanderthal views," he said. 

There’s not the same attitude in 
England, however. And the purchase of the Observer gives Arco a chance to develop “ a track record" — an oppor­ tunity to show clearly that it can take over the paper without Interfering with its admittedly liberal editorial policies, Bradshaw explained 

Honored guests will include Bill not because the economy had picked ^Clayton, speaker of the Texas House of up sharply — but largely because the Representatives, and Nolan Ward, freezing weather kept at home many newly appointed chairman and direc- who otherwise would have been out tor of the Texas Employment Corn- looking for jobs, and thus would have mission, been counted as unemployed. 
Apart from the unique weather problem, seasonal adjustments over the past several years appear to have resulted in an understatement of the real rate of unemployment early in the year, and an over-statement in the second half. 
For that reason, some professional economists think that the BLS should 

Zachry’s talk will bo "Free Enter­ p ris e — An American Tradition," and will include a showing of the film do­ cumentary, "W ill There Always Be An 
England” ’’ 
Other special guests will include ar­ ea high school students and teachers, and management personnel sponsored by local employers. 
H.B. ZACHRY 
Red Poll grand champion has won before at livestock show 

WE NEED 

CONTRACT 

WORK 

 light pockoging, av ambling, manufacturing by Hondicoppad work an in Quality Control Shat- ttrad workshop. Wa Pick up and Dnlivtr. 

PH. 349-5267 

United (cerebral 

Pal** Association 

23)6 J«ck»*-«WWr 

}«• A w m * . IX /I23o 

HEB veteran to head division 

A newly formed di­ vision of the IL E 
Bult 
(Jrovers 
Co will be headed by Wcltnn Bragg, lilt1 company adnoun- tied 

Bragg will be respon­ sible lur 4o stores 111 
Him* d is tric ts iii the not tti central, southwes­ tern and coastal bend ur­ eas of the slate. 

His office will operate out of the corporate headquarters located in 
Corpus Christi, 
WILTON BRAGG 

One of the most devoted backers of Red 
Poll eau Ie in all South Texas is John A. 
Wipff, a distributive education teacher at 
Southside High School. 

And his Red Pull herd a! his place near Devine seems to justify his faith 

 iii tin* breed. 
For the past two years 
131331 Pinpur Heritage 
Bethel ll UR 21. owned by 
Wipff, has been judged grand champion female in the Red Poll show at the San Antonio 
Livestock Show and Ro­ deo. 
The Red Poll has been recognized as a breed since 184H. A tenant farmer about 18IKI bogan crossing Suffolk bulls to polled Norfolk cows The 
Red poll was the result. 
The first known I S. importer of Red Polls was G. F. Talxir of New 
York. He brought over four head of the original foundation herd 
Wipff said the Red 
Polls have several ad- 

Five New Directors at Churchill National Bank 

 vantages over other breeds he has encoun­ tered. 

"They are gentle and have fast calf growth be­ cause of the good milking trait of the breed,” he remarked. 

He explained that the gentleness of the Red 
Polls has been bred in over the years. 

Red Polls originally were raised as dual-pur­ pose cattle — both for beef and dairy uses. 
Wipff said I hat accounted for the good milking characteristic. 

VV I pf! has about 25 breeding eowe at a place near Devine. Ut* has them bred by artificia l insemination lo the finest bulls In the nation. 

One of the top bulls iii the lu lle d States m the 

JOHN L. WIPFF, Saraboth W ip ff and John A . W ip ff with grand cham pion Red 
Poll cow. 

Red Poll records is Texas big boost to the grass, 
Buster GR 35, owned by - but it does not need to be 
\\ toff, 
Tilt* Red Po lls at Hie 
Devine place graze on 
I oast cross-1, which 
W ip11 said is an im­ provement over the re­ gular coastal. 
He has kept the place iii Coastcross-l Smet* 
I UGH. Fertilization is a 

 replanted. Wipff said, 

Wipff reported that tests indicated the loastcross-l accounts tor 
4o per cent more beef per acre on gain weight tests than other grasses. 

Another delegation of 
Iowa pork producers will.. 

— 
- 
1 

H4ir> s Aiika 
Putmfcni 
Attica A tump* 
Commeh id Midi 

H L 

K.d 14si Val ten. In 

W illu iitiiJ (Jlo n iK .ll 

I Half man a the HtWtj 
Oh m al Suppl) Cuntpai 

Rkhaftt J Pel ut 
Senior V Re Purulent 
Churchill SuiKHtd Sauk 

J 

12o5o Bur is 12i vee 
J I 
I DK 

Churchill 

* National 
Bank 
A Meiithc* 
Hjfiv^hjre 
■doHtd 
ITU ti Jilt HI if Ie 

Opportunity 77 
ALLIED BUSINESS BROKERS OF AMERICA 
IS LOOKING FOR A PERSON WHO 
WANTS A CAREER, NOT A JOB, IN 1977! 

Atlanta-based Allied Business Brokers of America, the nation s leader in buying selling appraising commercial businesses, will place a person in this territory office within 3o days Age no barrier. real estate license not required Sincerity, honesty, a good head, is! 
Qualified individual will become Associate in national Associate astern, Expense-paid training lodging meals will be provided during Associate Orientation Seminar at Corporate Headquarters. 
Atlanta if you feel confident enough to invest in a career in 1977. phone or wire for a confidential interview J I. Harrigan, President. 
Allied Business Brokers of America. 1oo Northcreek Office Park, Suite 
1o8. Atlanta, Ga 3o327 (4o4) 262-196o 

ALLIED BUSINESS BROKERS OF AMERICA 
•OO NcKthtnnsfc 
Pat* Svd« IO* 
Cid 
(4o4) CSZHTbU 

 arrive in San Antonio 
Wednesday in promote 
Texas consumption of lunk. 
About five eouples will arrive al International 
Airport ut 12 47 pm . 
Wednesday and will ap­ pear at Handy Andy Inc. stores 
Wednesday. 
Thursday and Friday. 

A larger delegation ap­ peared earlier in the winter on a similar mis­ sion 

The visitors will be honored ut a recept ion and dinner given by 
Handy Andy at the Hilton 
Baluchi del Rio Wodors- 
I day, starling al ti:3t) p.m. 
Hancock honored j 
Hie 1977 Henry M. lo- vmelon Extension Award vvas precented lo Bluet- 
I ford (i Hancock horn* tuliurDl with Ute Texas 
Agricultural Extension 
Service since 1951 at the regional meeting of the 
American Society for 
Horticultural Science iii 
Atlanta, Ga 
Hancock was praised 

 lur “ outandingand va- 
Liable contributions to horticulture through in­ urn ut iv t* extension ach- v Hies." 

South growers friends through 

 lexas vegetable have come lo be of 
Hancock 
In** years of scr- vice a^a judge al the 
South Texas Vegetable 
Day show, 

Hancock was active ill establishing Hie vegetu- bk* show in San Antonio. 
Primary work of Han­ cock has involved pecan and fruit orchard man­ agement. Ile annually coordinates a one-week fruit and pecan orchard management short course at Texas AAM 
I mveisiiy Ihat attracts growers from the t inted 
Stales and Mexico 
IJT* 
- 
-- - 
-wpm 
Marketplace 

CIK IH Ii KS 
I Wheel Drive, Short A 
I «nK Wheel Haxe Van- 
•toras A Suburbans 
TINDALL A MIX 
PoHliae. ti.Mt • 

People 
In Business 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 
* 

Hasslocher 
Lobcllo 
Goetting 

Fred T. Goetting Jr. has been elected as a d ir­ ector of B roadw ay N ational B ank by the sto c k ­ holders. 
Goetting is a consulting engineer with his own firm of Goetting & Associates. 
Jerry Thomoson has been anoointed an acent in the personal lines division of E m ployers insurance of Texas. 
C hris L ew andow ski h a s b een p r o m o te d to m a n a g e r of the San Antonio b ran ch of Cadillac- 
Plastic and Chemical Co. 
Stephen L. Martin has been nam ed vice presi­ dent of finance-operations of The Pitluk Group, a 
San Antonio ad v e rtisin g , m a rk e tin g and public relations firm. 
Maj. Gen. Edward ll. Vogel Jr. CSA (R E T ), has been elected a director of the Eisenhower National 
Bank. 
Vogel was superintendent of 
Academ y of 
Health Sciences at the tim e he retired and was a f o rm e r c o m m a n d e r of B ro o k s A rm y M e d ical 
Center. 
Jim Hasslocher and E. Price Riley have been elected to the board of Bexar County Savings. 
Hasslocher is a prom inent restau rateu r and 
Riley is a distributor of Mack Trucks. 
Dan M. Walker of W alker Advertising attended the 1977 Winton Convention & Exposition of Spe­ cialty A d v ertisin g A ssociation In tern atio n al r e ­ cently in Dallas. 
John D avis h as joined M ission T itle Co. a s escrow officer. 
Churchill National Bank of San Antonio has an­ nounced the election of five new directors. 
The directors are Harry S. Affleck Jr., owner of 
Affleck & Co., Jam es D. Cody, owner of Chaparral 
Axiation. Inc.: Rodney ll. East, owner of Rod East 
Volkswagen. Williston J. O'Connell, board c h a ir­ man of General Supply Co., and Richard J. Petitt, senior vice p resid en t of the C hurchill National 
Bank. 
David Walden, ow ner of Jew o lry by Dav-Ud, 
Inc., wLll be guest instructor at the 14th Annual 
Jew elry Casting VVorkshon in Dallas. 
David Walden, owner of Jew elry by David, Inc., will be guest instructor at the 14th Annual Jew elry 
Casting Workshop in Dallas. 
Phillip A. Sharpnack, service representative for 
SNI Business Products Sales Inc. has com pleted a three-w eek course in linolex at the 3M train in g center in St. Paul. Minn. 
Hall Adams, Charles S. Bu rn pa ss. Eusebio C. 
Carpio, Arthur F. Dawes Jr.. Richard llormachea, 
Walter R. Kinworthy anJ Dennis J. McLaughlin have qualified as re g is te re d re p re s e n ta tiv e s of 
John Hancock D istributors, Inc. 
J. T. Defevers has been nam ed m an ag er of the 
San Antonito North D istrict office of the National 
Life and Accident Insurance Co. 
G. J. Marquardt, assistant N ice president of the 
N ational B ank of Commerce, h as co m p leted a 
C o m m o d ity H ed g in g W o rk sh o p a t T e x a s AAM 
University. 
Roger C.. Bates has been n am ed new g en eral accounting m a n a g e r of Southw estern B ell’s San 
Antonio Area. 
Barbara and Joe Turner of Dairy E quipm ent Co. 

I in San Antonio attended the 1977 Dc Laval Dealer 
Convention at Crown C enter in K ansas City. 
Betty Higginbotham Dunham of New Braunfels h as been p ro m o te d to S hift S u p e rv is o r in th e 
Spinning D epartm ent of Mission Valley Mills, New 
Braunfels. 
Mrs. Lucille M. Sulentek has been appointed assistant cashier at Brooks Field National Bank 
Tony Lohello lins joined .Jenkins & Ogilvie. Inc. 
Advertising as an account executive. He was for­ m erly advertising representative at the Express- 
New s Corp. in builder, developer and realtor ac­ counts. 

Johnson 

 mm mm 

IHI 

East 

Poilu 

Cody 

O'Connell 

Riley 
Delevers 
Bates 
Marketplace 

Experts still trying to discover options cycle 

St. Phillip s College Continuing Education is sponsoring an audio-visual co u rse on e q u ip m e n t safety , te rm in o lo g y , se ttin g up o p eratio n s and instruction. Course begins March 17, m eeting on Thursdays through April 
28. ti 9 p.m. in the Audio-Visual departm ent. For m ore information call 
532-7651). 
Baker International Corporation (B K N Y S E /P S E /B h E ) has announced their intent to acquire Magna Corp. a m a k er of specialty chem icals for petroleum production. 
B a k e r ite Oil Field Equipment is a division of 
B aker International. 
' 
Swearingen Aviation Corp. has contracted with Tejas Airlines. Inc., for two M etro I! airlin e rs for its proposed c o m m u te r service between San 
Antonio and Laredo, Brownsville, Corpus Christi and Austin 
Datapoint Corp. has announced that Pizza Hut. Inc., Wichita. Kau. has ordered a series of seven • com puter system s for a field test designed to tie 
Pizza Hut restau ran ts into a data collection/processing network front a local point-of.sale term inal to the corporate central headquarters. 
H S A Continuing Education will sponsor a sem inar on em ploym ent interviewing. March 22, b;3U a.in. to 4.JU p.in. at the Lutcher Conference 
( enter. (UH Ivy Lane. Workshop includes various interviewing skills. Fee is 
UM). For m ore inform ation, call 227-9147. 
Texas Stale Bank stockholders have voted a IU per cent dividend The dividend is addition to a 25 per cent increase in cash dividends from 4o cents to 5U cents a share paid Jan IO. The bunk reported a 3o per cent 
Increase in deposits to *38.ti million during 197b 
Diebold. Inc. has app o in ted 
Robert C. Meek. p resid en t o! 
GAB 
Business A Security Systems South Texas agent responsible for the sale and distribution of com m ercial security products. 
Tesor Petroleum Corp, (NY SE), ha*, declared a 25-cent quarterly dividend, payable April 8, to shareholders on March 25. The com pany also declared a 54-ceut divalent on its $2.IO cum ulative convertible preferred stock payable March la, to shareholders on March I. 
I SAA and I TSA Continuing Education arc co-sponsoring two sem in­ ars; " M a n a g in g w ithout U n io n s,” sch ed u led M arch 29 and 3U at the 
Lutcher C onference ('enter, tut; Ivy Lane, 8 att a rn. to 4 3o p m. Fee is *135, and " Managing with Unions , ” scheduled March 31 at the Travelodge — 
Airport, ill ! NE 11141o. 8 3o a in. to 4 :3U p m. Foe is loo For reservations and m ore inform ation, call 227-9147. 
Village Square. Inc. has announced a m e d ica l-dent a1 building to lie located at MOI Village Dr Designed by latin Wesley Janes, Inc., Vrchl- 
(eels, the building will be constructed by Guido Brothers is n s tru e lisn t ». 
Financing was h a n d le d by Mortgage Investment ( erp . Slate Mutual Life 
Assurance t empun> ut America, and First National Bank of San Antonio. 

Kraschel Pump and Supplv, Inc. has expanded its lines of industrial equipm ent for crude oil operations and industrial chem ical service com ­ panies 

By JOHN H. ALLAN 
N E W YO RK TIMES SERVICE 

NEW YORK - For the last four years, the fastest growing sector of the securities industry has been the options m arket. 
Ever since the Chicago Board 
O ptions E x ch an ge opened in 
April 1973, business has been expanding. 
T he New Y ork Stock E x ch a n g e is c o m m itte d to s ta rt options tra d in g , and in d u stry o b s e rv e rs believe that step m ay com e som etim e this year. 
O ptions a rc a g re e m e n ts to buy or sell sto ck s at fixed p rice s w ithin li­ mited periods of time. 

Investors can pu rch ase options, as well as write or sell options on stocks th e y a l r e a d y ow n. B e c a u s e r a p id growth in option purchasing and option writing is such a recent phenomenon, m a n y in v e s to r s d o n 't u n d e r s t a n d them. 
Buying options is often dism issed as too speculative because they seem like high-priced bets that the option buyer can tell not only w hich way a stock price will move but also when it will move. 
If he’* Awrong, his option runs out and he has .jothing to show for it. 
Options are so new that first-hand experience in trading them in o rg an ­ ized securities m ark ets over a num ber of m arket cycles does not exist 
To help fill this void, two academ ic researchers and a Wall Street proles- 

Study shows option trading combined with fixed-income investments can be p ro fita ­ ble 

Brokers now using investing 'strategists ’ 

By VARTANIG G. VARTAN 
N E W YO RK t i m e s SERVICE 

NEW YORK — A few years ago, investing in the stock m ar­ ket w as a relatively sim ple pro­ cess. A person called his broker, had som e advice relayed from tile research departm ent and then proceeded to buy — or sell 
— a stock. 
Nowadays,, m any brokerage houses em ploy " in v e s tm e n t s tr a te g is ts ." or persons who use a broad perspective for the guidance of investors. 

T h eir job is to sy n th e siz e v ario u s a s p e c ts of in v e s tin g — fro m th e fixed-income and stock m a rk ets to the economic scene and technical analysis. 
-The idea is that Individual research analysts often are too busy in their own specialized sectors to w atch ev e ry th ­ ing.” one strategist on Wall Street ex­ p lained. 
Last week the biggest broker of them all. M errill Lynch, m ad e its biggest s p la sh in th is a r e a by u n v e ilin g to clients the first issue of a bim onthly called "Investm ent Strategy.” 
Richard J. Hoffman, the firm s chief in v e stm e n t s tr a te g is t, an d his a s s o ­ ciate . Steven R. R esn ic k , w ro te the ti4-page stu d y , which is chockablock with charts, overviews, updates anti a considerable am ount of adv ice. 
Although the portfolio strategy s e r ­ vice is designed prim arily for institu­ tional investors, it is also provided to 

 the firm ’s alm ost ti,(MIO account execu­ tives who, in tu rn , can advise th eir individual clients. 
“ We think that the current business cycle is entering m iddle ag e," Merrill 
L y n c h ’s s tr a t e g is ts a s s e r te d . " T h e m a rk e t cycle, w hich n o rm ally leads- the b u sin e ss cycle in m a tu ra tio n is slightly m ore advanced in its develop­ ment, and som e evidence of d eterio ra­ tion is beginning to ap p ear.” 

Biggest change 

Moving from positive to n eu tral—the biggest overall change — w ere such categories as growth in basic money supply, interest rate trends, real gross national product, capacity utilization and housing perm its. 

As a resu lt of their an alysis, Hoff­ m an and Resnick recom m end that the structure of stock portfolios be shifted 
“ to a m ore defensive posture.” 

I sing S tan d a rd A P o o r’s 5oo-stock average as the basis for com parison, the strategists tend to favor such sec­ tors as growth consum er staples (such as e n t e r ta i n m e n t , r e s t a u r a n t s , eon cosm etics), co n su m er staples Includ­ ing food chains and packaged foods) and capital goods (ra n g in g from oil- well services and office equipm ent to electrical eguipm ent ). 

As a m atter of policy, the investm ent strategists do not give buy, hold or sell advice on specific stocks. This is left to the d iscretio n of professional m oney m an ag ers or the firm 's own salesm en. 

 sion.il — aided by g ra n ts from Don­ aldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, the Center for Research in Security P rices at the 
University of Chicago and the National 
Science F o undation — ex am in ed r e ­ sults of theoretical options strategies over lengthier periods of time. 

Researchers 

The three research ers are Robert C. 
M erton, p ro fe sso r of fin an c e ut th e 
Alfred P. Sloan School of Business at the M assachusetts Institute of Techno­ logy; Myron S. Scholes, professor of finance at the University of Chicago, and M athew L. G ladstein of D onald­ son, Lufkin & Jenrette. 
"As we see it,” the three said in a working paper that has been accepted for publication by The Journal of Bu­ siness “ the p rincipal function of op­ tions is to provide a significant expan­ sion of the p attern s of portfolio returns available to investors.” lf options are com bined wisely with other investm ents, they enable inves­ tors “ to create patterns of re tu rn s” ‘ that are not reproducible by investing in stocks and bonds, the authors con­ cluded. 
Simulation 

To r e a c h th e s e c o n c lu s io n s , th e authors prepared a series of analyses based on 1 2 4 -year sim ulation of the securities m ark ets from July 31, 1963. to Dec. 31, 1975. 
"P robably because of the high level of volatility, even a well diversified portfolio of options is perceived to he of in te re s t to s p e c u la to rs o n ly ,” they suggest. 

BADGES 

C ontinued from P a g e IG 

 loran s Hospital here. 
The cost of a Sum m ings badge can ru n anyw here from a sim ple one for 
$9.3U to a gold, lU-carat, badge for $15U. 
Diamond-studded 

“ Some request a special five-point s ta r b ad g e w ith d ia m o n d s at e a c h p o in t,” said M rs. B a rb a ra S itto rlc . 
S im m a n g s’ daughter who also w orks at the shop along with her husband 
Francis. 
" I t ’s funny, but the little guys seem to always order big badges and the big guys little badges,” said Sim m angs. 
M ost police b a d g e s , lik e th e one worn by Patrolm an Valentin Lopez J r. last week as he w as shot by ail a s ­ sailant, are m ade of nickel. 
Mrs. Sitterle says she rec a lls five cases of policemen being hit by g u n ­ shot on their badges and living to tell ubout it. 
Advertising agency announces opening 

A new advertising agency, Robert L. 
Sc hon boff. Sales Prom otion Planners, h a s o p e n e d , th e c o m p a n y h a s announced. 
Robert L. Schonhoff. owner, savs the firm will specialize in sales analysis, marketing, advertising and public re ­ lations. 
S chonhoff sa y s the c o m p a n y will provide sales promotion tools to sm all and m iddle- size re ta ile rs w ith set'- 
FP named at Karotkin 

G ary 
B ruvem an has b een n a m e d ex e cu tiv e vice president of K arot­ kin F u r n i t u r e Co., a n ­ nounced Stanley H. K ar­ otkin, president 

A g r a d u a t e of the 
U n iv e r s ity of 
T e x a s . 
Bruvem an has (teen with 
Karotkin s five years aud serxt <! a i n s t a n t \ ice president aud controller, 

K a ro tk in 
F u r n i t u r e o p e r a t e s l l f u r n i t u r e stores throughout Texas, i n c lu d in g four til S an 
Kilt onto. 

CAFETERIAS, INC. 
Declares 
51st 

CONSECUTIVE 
QUARTERLY 
CASH DIVIDEND 

VR 
Mar 

C AHT! WA* 

 i •nl.ify Hu »,»• 
•4 NI lim e 4 
Antony Total 

But when com bined with T reasu ry , com m ercial paper and other low-risk fixed-income securities, a collection of call options can becom e highly in te r­ esting and less speculative, the three analysts conclude. 

When options and com m ercial paper w ere com bined, however, the re tu rn s becam e still higher. When 9o per cent of investm ent funds were put into the p ap e r m a rk e t and 21o p e r ce n t into c a lls on a ll 136 C B O E a n d A m ex stocks, the $1 .OOO grew to $6,372 — a 7.7 p e r c e n t s e m ia n n u a l a v e r a g e c o m ­ pound rate. 
On an a n n u a l b a s is all th e r a t e s would be slig h tly m o re than double those cited in the study. 
U n d e r su c h a p r o g r a m , he could never lose m ore than IO per cent of this e n tire in v e s tm e n t in any six -m o n th period, and that potential loss would have been offset by the interest earned in tho 9o per cent invested in s h o rt­ term . fixed-income securities. 

Can be successful 
T he p u rch a se of options co m b in ed with fixed-income securities as a total in v e s tm e n t p o rtfo lio c a n be c i t h e r conservative or aggressive, depending on the fraction allocated to calls and tin' te rm s of the options, the Merton- 
Scholes-Gladstein study suggests. 
T he lo w e r-ris k c o m p o n e n t of th e portfolio can vary, too. Gladstein says. 
Instead of using com m ercial paper, an investor could sim ply put his money into a s a v in g s h an k a c co u n t, or he m ig h t p u rc h a se bank c e rtific a te s of deposit. If his tax bracket is high en ­ ough. he m ight buy short-term tax ex­ em pt notes. 

 n 
. 

Sim m angs “ is famous for the 5-peso badge.” according to Mrs. Sitterle. 
Some sheriffs send iii 5-peso M ex­ ican silver coins and ask that a badge be m ade out of them. 
"T hey m ake a long-lasting and a t ­ tractive badge,” according to 
Simmangs 
His badges arc collected by souvenir hunters and hobbyists alike. 
Last y e a r about 6o J a p a n e s e fire chiefs attending a fire chief’s conven­ tion here decided to stop at Sim m angs. 
They went in and bought "all kinds of badges" as souvenirs to take home. 
Souvenirs have also been requested and sent to England and Arabia. 
W hat’s in store for the future? 
Grandson Mike Sitterle. 16. is now in tr a in in g at th e shop b e tw e e n hig h school classes and football p ra c tic e and might end up getting into the bu­ siness, according to Mrs. Sitterle. 

ERIC BERGMAN 
Agents to hear buyer 

Erie ll. B ergm an, will address the San Antonio 
P u r c h a s i n g M a n a g in g , 
A sso c ia tio n 
F r i d a y , 
March 18. 
B erg m an is p resid en t of the National A ssocia­ tion of P u rch asin g M an­ agem ent, a group which c o m p r i s e s 21,ooo p u r ­ chasing agents. 
Ile will speak at the lo­ cal g r o u p ’s m e e tin g at the A rden G ro v e P a rty 
House 6:3o p.m. 
B e rg m a n is also p u r ­ c h a s in g m a n a g e r of 
R a m e r B rew in g t o in 
Seattle. W ash., and has s p e n t 29 y e a r s in th e field. 

Jack Teer and 
Dave Thompso 
Two of 65 in the nation who made it this year. 

It is a small but growing group. 
An exclusive group. The 
Beech Million 
Dollar Club. 
In fiscal year 
1976. Jack sold more than $2.1 million worth of new Beechcraft airplanes. And Dave sold almost $1.5 million worth. 
Congratulations, Jack and Dave! We thank you. And your Beechcraft customers will he thanking you for many years to come. 
The businesses, governments and individuals around the world who buy 
Beechcrafts do so for some excellent reasons 
Reasons that would make good sense to you. 
See Jack and Dave soon at Chaparral Aviation, 
Inc., San Antonio. They could turn out to be as valuable to you as they are to us. 

Beech Aircraft Corporation 
Wichita. Kansan 672o1 

 vices that have been available only to lurger-size stores. 
Ile w as fo rm e rly se n io r ex ecu tiv e with Dillard D epartm ent Stores, where he served as vice-president,of ad v e r­ tis in g an d s a le s p ro m o tio n for th e 
Texas/New Mexico division. 
Ile is a ch a rter m em b er of the San 
Antonio Am erican M arketing Associa­ tion and teaches retailing at St. M ary’s 
University. 

Hdirw’s How: 
I. 1(«W ovtrtiMd MI* jab ut* (tits Overhead and laSa> at thai jab ut* account tar an in- 
(mating (hart vt building mitt. Spend tab Cml* 
(uh (att* by mail producing portals at our giant while the Inundation and flab am baiag poured 
Panels ara (Son delivered ta tho jab Mia and quickly arui tad 

7. A design Budd company 
Spaed Inb-Cmt* bat M i planning, deugn and building (apaiwittiet tram yaur idaa ta the finish- ad product Wa anti atta wadi tram yaur plant 
3 lam maintenance and insurance tail* f bere* nothing ta amar nut aa a I peed fab-Oete budding and n daturas*# aggregates are used, aa painting ti nummary Because li t mode ut contrate, rn tor out# rata* ara law. 
4 Spend al tenstrusttea 
Because Speed fab-Crete It a modular tytlem, cen* I rattan ti mn it (Ut mnwdurably I bu rn tutti in tower interim finance mitt and ear ber ac­ rogamy. 

We oHef71#1'ungte*responsible tauten far detrgn and i en* tm man at a goaiaatatd price within a spot ibed haw pried 
4 Highest quality 
Bemuse Spend fab-Crete buddtaqi are mad* af misstate and steal, laagei farm tonal ate evadable Tau led tan t buy a better boddtag at any pew# 

W AMHOUSIS rn low os 
Building undo' mat 11,ooo aq. ft. 
# C o o ar mar* 
^ t q . ft. 
§N*IS6 iACilMlRA* 
Bunding IOO t IM Blet) and Inundation on yew ierel sit*, pmcost 4 in! tcodbeoiing woks I? It high. si**i bar tent ) ply truth up mot system with 77 gauge metal decking end W misdo hen. 7 steel personnel dears. 7 sinai 9 1 4 orerhaad doms, 14 gauage rn*lei (ossia. ss uppers I o 1 Vi mites Van Antonio e»*o AD prices may vary slightly at dlttarent plants end durances 

Banal* ar* pratael ai and quickly erected 

CAU PUNT NI ARIST YOU 

Von Autom a ........ ... i l l 194 )1 1 o 
I ob* to w n .........................S lt/M M S S S 
Austin 
S 1 1 /4 * 4 -7 * 11 
Omar Plant* Bai H Warm, bafta*, HeuMaa. 
■> 
Pbaaata, 
Ira. 
«• 

^ awat 

Ho*»«ft*. Ila. — Car aaa dig. Nae aa Mfb 
N am. u t 

GARY BM W EMAN 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
SEC choices are narrowed to pair 

Last stop 

THE U SED paper on this conveyor belt is about to designed by the Georgia-Pacific Corp. at its become white printing paper. W h at used to be 
Kalamazoo, Mich, plant. Company officials say solid waste is being recycled by a unique system the system is the first of its kind in the country. 
Health services field looking for managers 

Bv ELIZABETH M. FOW LEK 
N EW YORK t im e s SERVICE 

NEW YO RK — At a time when beginning management .jobs are hard to find, specialities within specialities are becoming popu­ lar. 
The University of California at Lets 
Angeles has nisi announced a new three-year joint degree program lead­ ing to a master’s in business adminis­ tration and a master’s in public health 

The health care field laces manx problems, according to Dr. Paul H. 
Torrens of the university's School of 
Pu b lic Health 
“ A steady flow of 

 well-trained managers is needed 
The government’s Bureau of Labor 
Statistics predicts that there will he 
TTH,non job openings yearly at all levels iii the health field through the mid-ltlHOs. and officials of the univer­ sity believe that bodes well for their 
MB \-MPH program, which it calls the third such program iii the nation 
Columbia I,'niversity. initiated the first plan three years ago. and was followed in 1973 by Tulane University. 
Dr. Seth Goldsmith, director of Co­ lumbia's MBA-MPH program, says it now had TI students “ Our recent gra­ duates have done extraordinarily well iii the lob market," he said iii a tele­ phone interview recently. 
L’c LA currently has 423 students iii its MBA program and about Md in its 

MPH program, according to Dr. Eph­ raim McLean, associate professor of informal ion services. 
\ I MMI t 12 students have already en­ rolled iii the new program, which means they can receive the two degrees iii about two years from this 
.lune. he said 
Three years 
In the tall the program will begin formally , requiring three years for the two degrees instead of the usual four years. He explained the course re­ quirements remained the same hut that students of management would take all electives in public health course and public health students would take electives in management courses. 

Bv ROBERT I). HERSHEY JR. 
N EW YORK t im e s SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - The Carter adm inistration, according to well-placed sources, has appar­ ently narrowed its choice for chairman of the Seeurites and 
Exchange Commission to two men —* Harold M. W illiam s, 
Dean of the Graduate School of 
Management at the University of California at Los Angeles, and 
Peter J. Solomon, a managing partner-of Lehman Brothers. 
W illiam s. 49-vears-old. has fre­ quently been critical of the response of businessmen to social and economic, problems. Solomon. 3K, is a specialist on the retailing industry and one of 
President Carter's earlies and stron­ gest supporters on Wall Street. 
The White House personnel office has declined comment on the two men’s candidacy and would not con­ firm that un announcement was ex­ perted within the next week 
The present SEC chairman. Roder­ ick M. Hills, said he planned to leave in mid-March and it is believed he would not have made firm plans to do so un­ less lie knew the administration had found his successor. 
Solomon could not In* reached tor comment. A Lehman spokesman, til touch with various partners, declared 
“ lie s had no indication he’s going to 
Im* chosen. It s possible, but lie has no news, lie s heard nothing." 

Hurt chances 

Williams was not at his office and did not respond to an inquiry relayed to him by Ins secretary. 
Robert 
M. 
Loeffier. the e a rly front-runner for the SEC chairm an­ ship. hurl his chances bv submitting to interviews, according to one source. 
Two candidates v\ Im had been thought to he in the running said they had not been sought for either the chairmanship or the other commission vacancy that has existed since last 
April. 
Williams, horn in Philadelphia and educated at Ct LA and Harvard, prac­ ticed law iii Los Angeles and then 
Mimed Hunt Fonds aud Industries Inc.. 
Tax-exem pt municipals push fund sales over billion mark 

Bv RIC HAR!) PHALON 
N EW y o r k t im e s SERVICE 

N EW YO RK - Tho mutual fund industry' ha* pulled another marketing rabbit out of the hat. 
In the couple of weeks, sales of the industry's newest product — tax-exempt m unicipal bond funds — appear to have passed the $1 billion mark. 
The oldest of the 2o such funds — some IK others are in registration with the Securities and Exchange Commis­ sion — has been iii the field only since last August. Fund executives, needless to say. are elated 
“ To get to a billion dollars iii such a short time. less than six mouths." said 
Roger Servison. a vice president of the 
Fidelity Distributors Corporation, "is the biggest success story since the money market funds. 
"A n d the money-market funds.” which invest in short-term money- m arket securities such us Treasury bills and certificates of deposit, "were sold in an entirely different climate." 

The bulge in municipal bond sales teas brought on by heavy advertising* and by the lure o f tax-free income the funds can pass on to shareholders. 

 lie continued. "They were able to offer a 12 per cent return when the stock market was had and everything else was collapsing ’* 
The bulge iii municipul-bond sales was stimulated by heavy advertising and by what seems to he the near mesmeric pull of Hie tax-free income 
Hie funds — thanks to changes iii the lax law last year — can pass on to shareholders. 

Opportune time 

The sales success of the tax-exempts could not have come at a more oppor­ tune time. The industry has been los­ ing assets in an almost arterial dram for almost two years. Shareholders, disappointed bv the so-so investment performance of most common-stock 
Bumped 

BY CARGLE SHIFRIN 
WASHINGTON ROM VER Vici 

Also, notices must he posted in ­ forming passengers that those den ied hoarding max he entitled to a 

W ASHINGTON — It s ti o'clock at compensatory paxinenl up lo $2o§, 

 night. It s cold and rainy. You Ae and that the\ can obtain Information been away from home tor three days, about the rules on payments al the this last one in long, dull meetings. ,u‘ket counter. 

You’re finally on the way to the 
S p a i T p la n n in g airport lo catch the last plane home. 
| ht. airlines have argued that 
There s heavy traffic but you’ll get ou.rbooking — they sometimes re- there on time, you say to yourself. |,.r io ,, as "Space planning" — is and you’ve got a continued reserva necessary because many people n °n- m ake re se rv a tio n s, don't cancel 
What you may not know is that MU ,hl.m a|ld do|| , shoM up other people also hold "to n lirm e d 
,, l h e c a r r i e r s didn t overhook a 

 reservations on that flight. I he certain percentage ot the seats, they 

 plane, however, has just lf* seals a ru u r, ,hev would wind up Hying 

 ll all MB prospective passengers 
,alu,s w||h e||ip|| sViils> 

 show up. you may he like one oi Ihe 
, h became worried about their 
M I.IOU persons — trave lers with ||abilitv in overbooking situations confirmed reservations like yours - ,as| xear wht.„ lh#. suprem e (o u r! who were denied boarding, or 
••bumped.” by Ihe scheduled c a r­ riers last year, 
It ’s all legal under current Civ ii 

Aeronautics Hoard regulations, bul 
Ihe board has told the airlines they m ust begin inform ing custom ers ahead ol time that they have a chance 
— a "slig h t” one — thai tbev may be bumped 

, “(Herbooked signs 

 starting \prU I. all earners must 

 place "c le a rly visible and d earie readable ’ signs at each position at th e ir tick e t c o u lte rs no tifyin g custom ers al the possibility that 
Hights may be "overbooked and 

 must allarh amices with the same warning ** tsecy Hchei 
In addition, travel agents must also 

 post signs and enclose the ticket no lieut- 

 held, in a case flied bv Ralph Natter against Vllegheny G rim es, that a passenger denied space on a Hight could go lo court seeking damages tor fraud ulen t m isrepresentation based un the carrier's lailure lo give notice ut overbooking practices 

Niter that. many ol the carriers 

Hied petitions with Ihe t Nit seeking revisions in their tariffs — fares and roles — staling lhaf all of Ihe carriers’ Hights are subject lo over­ booking and that previously con* iii Hied spare max nut be provided 

I Eider I NH rules an airline must 

 take a passenger with a c o n tin u e d 
(enervation who is denied boarding In his destination w ith in twn hours alter 
Ihe original Hight s arrival ar ret rn bulse him up to H it tor the th he! in addition In letting him keep the ort gtnai ticket and use it 

 funds and turned off by equities gen­ erally. have been liquidating their holdings iii droves. 
Mutual fund management com ­ panies, whose profits depend on the size of the assets they control, quickly slutted the sales emphasis to a variety ol income funds. 
The money-market funds were a 
Inman/a. hilt the lode inhered out when short-term interest rates declined sharply 
Redemptions ran ahead of sales through every month of last year except Janaury. 
The fading popularity of the mon­ ey-market funds left the management companies with a lug hole in tin* pro­ duct 11tic*. The need was for something that might help to keep old share­ holders on the (looks and attract new ones. 
Tin* Kemjier Municipal Bond Fund 
Ltd.. managed by the Chicago-based 
Supervised llnvestors Services Int*., was first out of the starting gate 
It was followed by a cavalry charge of such well-known names as Hie F i­ delity Management and Researeti Cor* 
4x(ration, the Dreyfus Corporation, the 
Oppentieimer Management Corpora­ tion aud IK others 

Dominating 
At Hie* moment. Kemper. Fidelity aud Dreyfus dominate the field, having sold among them about $KtMi million of the total $1 billion that has flowed into tax-exempt so far. Fidelity, which has taken in WOS million, is by far the lar­ gest of tin* group 
Though there sE*ems to Im* plenty of sales room for everyone, some funds are faring heller thunothers. George 
Putnam, tor example, chairman of the 
Boston-luisE»d Putnam Company, con­ cedes he is "disappointed" with the rate al which lits tax-exempt fund has 
I R*eti selling 
Like Lf of the Hinds that have futile to market so far. it carries a sales 
E'ommisston — a ’load iii Hit* argot of the industry — of 4 7a per cent Put­ nam. like luleiity. Dreyfus and many others, has traditionally charged a commission on its hinds as a sales iii- cent tv e to dealers 
Fidelity ain) Drey his. iii a trend that began to spread with the evolution ot lh«- money-market funds, have dune away with Hit* s a le s charge on their tux-cxempts and have gone "no load 

Top men are Harold 
Williams the University o f California, and Peter 
J. Solomon, o f Lehman 
____ 

 in 1955, He rose to chairman of the company that took over Hunt. Norton 
Simon Inc., leaving in 1971 to go the business school. 
He also served in 1973-74 as’energy coordinator of the City of Los Angeles. 
In 1973 he urged businessmen to sponsor objective research to pinpoint areas of social concern and to permit the consumer to have his own voice in 

 marketing decisions 
Solomon, w h o was a Carter sup­ porter as early as six months before the first primary election, has had a meteoric rise in Wall Street. 
He is one of the top half dozen offi­ cials of a leading investment hanking house and a director of six companies, including Esquire Associated Dry 
Goods and Fin Broadcasting. 
Music shop adds touch 

A record store with a “ European touch" will open Tuesday, March M announced Walter Farmer, store co- owner aud manager. 
Gramophone Records aud Tapes, located at K727 WurMiaeh Road, will sell along with its usual tapes and records, various wines and cheeses to lend a European atmosphere, says 
Farmer. 

A lso. flavored coffee's and teas will he sn Pl 11» customers, he says. 

'I he store, which will employ three to five* people, will specialize in classical music, hut will carry pop and country and western music* as well. 

The store is a lso eo-owned by Stella 
Guerra, who owns Gramophone Re­ cord s aud Tapes in the Quadrangle. 
It’s hatter up time fo r cake mix giants 

PUI bilby 

Saint nam <I<m*s lie that hi 

 route not rule out the* jMissi• attern might ultimate­ ly take the ctujU lunet lice fund 
(oho lux ei ages! ‘ Th. 

Mine route with Its lax ex- 

 i. as opt** 
Uncut ti it iiieuus bond > 

 sod 

 lilt 

In tlxed (MFI- i are "mail buy and sc* 11 the hope cd 

 assets plus expenses. 
Those expenses help to explain why yields on investment trusts brought to market recently run higher than the* tax-exempt Hinds. John Nuveen & l o.'s most recently offered long-term in­ vestment trust, according to Fred 
Wendt, chairman of the Baltimore- based concern, is returning K IM per cent. 
The* Fidelity Municipal Bond Fund. which charges a o.4 i>er cent of assets management fee* and limits expenses to ti.73 per cord of assets, is currently yielding 5.54 per cent, according to 
Servison. Putnam says his tax exempt loud is promising shareholders 3 per cent. 
2o per cent lower 
Thus, though the funds ofter rates that by definition wilt run about 2o per cent lower than the investment trusts, they also otter liquidity and Hic* pro­ spect of capital gains that tilt* trusts cannot matc h. 
Wall Streeters tend to Hunk of the investment trusts and the* funds us be­ ing different things to different inves­ tors, 
Some* ot the money that has poured into the funds, lur example, appears to he "hot money" — assets that moved out of the money-market funds into higher tax-exempt yields. 
"It s money that is waiting for a change in the climate of the equities market." Wendt contended 
Wendt says the one type of investor to whom lie would unqualifiedly re­ commend a tax-exempt fund "is a young person iii a high enough tax bracket to benefit, who has a thousand dollars or so he wants to invest, and vv ho eau afford to put a hundred dollars a month or so away without having to draw on it for years. 
"Tax-free money like that,” lie ad­ ded. "eom|*ouuds beautifully," 
Salesm en 
M ill hear 
Ben Smith 

Former Hail Automan Ben Smith will address 
Sales and 
Marketing 
Executives Thursday ut the Plaza 
( hd>. Frost Bank Tower. 
\t feet notal cly called a "doc tor of salesmanship," Smith was formerly president ct SMI*’ aud a director of (tie 
Greater San Antonio t bomber of 
I un it nerve He w as inducted into the lnU*rnatlienal Speakers Hall ol Fume| til'd year. 
Simi ti will give Ills ’ Big Red Apple story," discussing management and marketing technique* 
Hollowneil as a teacher of sales management aud merc handising, lie has been ac c tainted for hts mot iv a lioiial lab ills 
Reservations may be made at 
341 iSHK Guests are welcome* ami the cost is ti ai Social hour lice lits at » M 

By GALE TOLLIN 
M IN N E A P O L IS - A battle of cake mix giants is being stirred up by the 
Pillsbury Co. as ii puts millions behind a cake it says "tastes like one made from scratch." 
The move for a larger portion of the cake mix marked is a challenge to industry leaders-Proeter 
& 
G am ble’s 
Duncan limes and General Mills’ 
Bcd tv Crocker. 
Pillsbury is spending 
SH million on advertising to launch its new "Pills- bury Plus,- developed over four years at a cost of more than $4 million. 
The advertising outlay is Hie most it has ever allocated in one year to push a new product. 

25 years 
The company has been iii the* cake* mix business for 
25 years, hut lls share of the two-layer mix market has eroded. 
In some parts of the country, distribution of two-layer 
P illsb u ry mixes has ceased. 
Industry sources say 
DuHcan Hines has about 
SMK million of the sales last year of two-layer cake mixes, followed by 
Betty Crocker with about 
HK.5 m illion. Pillsbu ry was third, about 
$3 million. 
Pillsbury. now third iii the two-layer cake busi­ ness. hopes the new mix will boost ii to No. I. ac­ cording to Dan Locke, marketing manager for cakes and frosting. 

Difference 
Rolyon Stein, Pills- b u r y s director of re­ search and development, calls the* new mix "a n entirely different pro­ duct'' and not a "m e too" item. Ile said the biggest difference is that it con- 

Pillsbury is moving to cat itself a larger slice of the ttvo-layer market 

 tams pudding to enhance moistness and firmness. 
Fo r years, m anu­ facturers have suggested adding pudding, hut it adds u|) to 3o cents a box. 
Pillsbury Plus carries a suggested retail price of K7 cents, unchanged 

 from the firm s pudding- less predecessor and about the same as com­ petitive mixes. 
Spokesmen for Duncan 
Hines in Cincinnati, and 
General Mills in Minnea­ polis declined to detail any counterattack. 

E d Lee. 
O ne o f 65 in th e n a tio n w h o m ade it th is year. 

It is a small but growing group. An 
I 
* - 
> exclusive group. 
The Beech Million 
Dollar Club. In fiscal year 1976, Ed sold more than $2.2 million worth of new 
Beechcraft airplanes. 
Congratulations. E d ! We thank you. 
And your Beechcraft customers will he thanking you for many years to come. 
The businesses, governments and individuals around the world who buy 
Beechcrafts do so for some excellent reasons. Reasons that would make good sense to you. 
See Ed soon at 
Chaparral Aviation, Inc., 
San Antonio, He could turn out to be as valuable to you as he is to us. 

Beech Aircraft Corporation 
Wichita. Kansas 672o1 

LOAN PLAN 

o 

Our Preferred Loan Plan is designed specifically for those limes when you need up lo $7,5oo or more for bill consolidation automobiles, big school money and home repairs An SIC representative will help you determine the size of your loan We like to loan big money at SIC 

HERE ARE SOME EXAM PLES OF OUR PAYMENT SCHEDULES 

Amount Financed 
$2,6oo 

Montniy Payment 
$ 71.5o 

Total of Payments I 
$3,432 

Finance Charge 
$ 832 
$4,ooo $ 11o.oo $5,28o $1,28o 
$5,ooo $137.5o $6,6oo $1,6oo 
48 Monthly paym ents - Annual percentage r,ne. 14.34°“ 

T 
J 

W h e r e s the m oney com ing from? 

38o3 San Pedro 
736-1521 

1o1o S.W. Military Dr. 
924-4871 

232o Southcross 
532-4171 

T h a ts where! 

4433 Fredericksburg Rd. 
732-6151 

225 East Elmira 
225-2676 

Offices also in Del Rio and New Braunfels 

T o o m u c h 

' 
; 
> n 

N o b o d y ever said ‘N o ’ to Freddie Prinze 

¥ 4 _ _ 
T f c 
4 W 
T 4 U 
T 
I . 1 ¥ 4 
4 
C.1 1 9 
S y N Y C C o i f R ep rin te d b y perm ission o* G e to ld o R .ve ro 
B y u L K 
A 
L U 
U 
K l V L a / V ondcwdc ^ri . 

By BAKI) 
LINDEMAN 
At her death. M rs. 
H elen G oodm an w as 
N4 an d p r a c t ic a lly a n o n y m o u s to h e r 
“ h o m e tow n ' of 
North M ia m i B ea ch . 
H a . 
Yet her quiet. Iittle-no- 
Iiced death speaks loudly to the majority of Amel** it ans who are burdened, confused aud anury over mind-boggling, health* t are prices 
For it (O s I the luck­ less 
Mrs 
Goodman 
S I.n u .JO to die. 
\ sufferer of Parktnson'Y disease, for which there is only limited therapy and no cure. she was hospitalized l e s s than 24 hours Her widower fair­ ly st reamed through his unef. “ Ifs a ripoff. Ifs outrageous 
The Goodm an*’ an- uuish is neither unique nor even uncommon Al­ 

 m o s t (ta lly. we A m eri­ cans read that uccordtuu 

 t o uov eminent prop ••* tilths 
W e Will s|H*ud SIT.* 
Itll.I.ION (iii medical and health care Iii nisi Iii v ears. I he cost - have lumiied lh ii |h i cent. and no rational person (lunks the trend Is about to t battue —* Hot even nuder a new president 
Meaningless 
Hut these are mean* hitless numbers n» most w or kina men and wo men. Aliter lea s “ little people 
VV illtam ti aud 

T 

 he (irand Ballroom of 
.tile 
Waldorf was hot. but happy. It was also vastly overfilled; tile crowd was standing shoulder* to-shoulder on tile big dance floor. They weren't dancing, ex­ actly, but swaying to tho hard, pulsating, salsa rhythm of Hay 
Barrett o s music. Everybody w as facing the si age and w aiting expectantly — the young men in their rented tuxedos and fiercely blue, frilly shirts, the ladies bursing sensually, excitedly from their gaily colored evening dresses. 

The men ceased and laughed understandingly at the unrestrained anticipation that bubbled from thdir dates. The women shared secret ■ fan­ tasies w ii Ii their uh I friends. Freddje was coming; the tall, beautiful tele­ vision superstar, the Puerto Khan co­ met-who r o s e from West 157th Street to 
Hash boldly across the nation. Freddie was coming — and his people were there to hail 'nim us he received an award. 

I was standing onstage behind a po­ dium. waving to familiar laces in the audience, rite air was filled with a wonderful feeling of brotherhood and collective pride. That night. Freddie 
Prinze belonged to all of us. 
> 
At a signal from the wings* .B a ra to stopped the music and I bedim tity in­ troduction. Then Freddie walked out and the crowd roared, hoofed, seethed 

 iii loving frenzy. Freddie smoothly played it to the hilt.'He strutted tip and down the stage, laughing with the au­ dience. making his carefully crafted. 
Las V egas tested jokes seem custom- designed especially for them. 
At one point. Freddie ponded to one of the girls straining against the rim of the stage. “ Hey G loria!" he culled, his mouth breaking into that crooked, dimpled, smart-ass. infectious grin that had helped make him TV's most important young sex object. “ I bet you wish you bud gone out with me now. don't you.'" Ile threw her a kiss. she swooned, and the crowd went wild. 
Freddie accepted the award with grace, then walked off the stage and started wading through the sea of peo­ ple. Led by a wedge of bodyguards, he was heading up to his suite 
I w.us walking right behind him and watched, amused, as one woman alter 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Comedian r re dale 
> v 
P rin ze lie Id a p i s t o l to h is t e r r Ie and 

 purred a b u l l e t into h is bpt in r f r l v k 
* ’ 

 t h is rennin-', h o r r i f y i n g f r i ‘-nuc and 

 bi ’ s ir.e ss a s s o r ia te s rh o -Va t c : ie d he In Ie s s l y 

.. ■ J -six 
>i>; ■ ■ * 
-•<•••',*;•. 
'f t * • 'j j . ' 

 another threw her arm s around 
Freddie to kiss him wetly or fondle his famous buns At first he seemed to enjoy it. But then he ordered the bodyguard lo bush through. A few minutes later, we were up iii his suite. 
A 

 bout a half dozen people were in the liv ing room, so Freddie hustled me into the bedroom. 
As soon as the door was shut. he hogan paring bock and forth, wringing Ins iiai"K as he walked. He wits like a high-powered ear stuc k in first gear 
“ How was I? Was I good *'' Freddie asked 
“ You kidding me? Freddie, you were great” For the1 first time in our two- year relationship I was struck by the difference between the anxious 
21-year-old kid I was now watering and the consummate professional who had confidently thrilled his audience a few minutes before. He vias one of the* big­ gest stars in the country. loved by millions, earning hundreds of thou­ sands of dollars, dating Kaqtiel Welch. and pursued by every starlet in Hol­ lywood. It Av as a heady existence, hut that night I realized how young he was. 
“ Hey. Cr era I do . ... von want a blow?" There was va lump of cocaine the size* of a baseball sitting on top of the TY. and Freddie had begun c utting off and breaking up a small piece oi it. 
“ No. I ve got a cold. Freddie, but FII take a joint if you have one” He didn't. so I went out let get some from Un­ people* in the* other room. By the* time I got back, lie was curving up another lump of coke: the first had already been consumed. 
All tins happened iii the fall ol IMT 5 
Throughout that year and the next. 
Freddie was using up to five grams of cocaine ic week The* going street pric e is kiwi a giant, so Freddie* was spend­ ing close to $2.IMM! a month on the* aptly named “ ric h man s drug. 

Sitting on the bed. I watched as he snorted down four more lines of the white* powder. For a moment I con­ sidered telling him lie* should ease off. that the drug was dangerous: It could rot a hole in his nose and ruin his voice and Ins timing. But I (bein t say any­ thing. 
Freddie was taller than 
I. prettier, better known, and certainly more successful He was the biggest thing iii television mid everybody was saying lie* w as brilliant, a genius — so I decided it would bo presumptuous to interfere. 
Alter lie* killed himself. I reali/ed that I w as one of a long string of people who chose not to say no to Freddie*. 
And ii began when lie* was a chubby child Ile* could always count on his mother for a soft touch, for a doting 
“ yes” to anything he* wanted. 
Freddie started cly big almost as soon as lie got to Hollywood. He* arrived with 
Lenny Bruce on his mind. It was a fixation, a mania, an obsession. 
In ti ic »se early (lays, in the* spring ot 
1M74 wlie>n lie* had just gotten the* 
“ Unco and Hic* Man'' series. Freddie lived iii the lug. rich Beverly Hills home of Jam es Kom ack. the* pro­ gram s creator and executive produc er Freddie didn't know many people iii town then. so despite the fad that lie* was twenty years younger than 
Komack. lh** two would spend h o u rs late at night talking about the* htisi- ness. Fredda* identified with the older man because Komack had once been a nightclub comic and. bv some incredi­ ble coincidence. Iii had lived on West 
157th Street in Ne w York. Most im ­ portant of all. he had known Lenny 
Bruce; they had worked together iii the 
I atskills. 
Whatever we wert1 talking about during the* course of an evening.” recalls Komack. “ Freddie would al­ ways get around to asking me about 
Lenity. 
“ ‘Talk ic* me about Lenity. Jim m y 

 tell me about Lenny. Finally, after I had told each story 111 times over, I coulcln t take it anymore, I told him it was reminding me of Of Mice- and 
Men — you know, ‘Tell me about the rabbits. George, tell me about the rabbits.’ 
“ Freddie never got it into his head that Lenny wasn't a martyr and that he didn t intentionally kill himself I would often remind him that Lenny was just a Jewish comic who acciden­ tally discovered that dirty words could be funny. But to Freddie. Lenny Bruce was a hero, and he identified with him. totally” 
I 

 t was almost inevitable that 
Freddies first serious at­ tachment would Im* to Kitty 
Bruce. 
Lennys daughter. 
Sue* was staying with friends in Now 
Mexico, but Freddie found her tele* 
•phone number and asked her to come to L o s Angeles Ile* told her they would meet at the airport. They had never seen each other, so Freddie, with characterist ie playfulness, wore a 
Freddie Prinze T-shirt to help in the identification process. When they found eac h other, them embraced as if they were long-separated lovers. 
Later, as they were driving from the airport iii his yellow I MHK Chevrolet convertible. Freddie suddenly plunged into Lenny Bruce's routines. 

“ Freddie knew all of my father’s routines verbatim. He had the tuning down pat. the words; he even earned pictures of me as a baby with my parents.” 
For the* next six months. Freddie and 
Kitty were inseparable, hut they were haunted always by the ghost of Kitty s father. “ Freddie would sometimes go on 24-hour binges of Lenny Bruce rou­ tines. or listening to Lenny tapes. 
Sometimes we would drive up into the 
Hollywood H i l l s and park iii front of 

P a g e 
I -H 
* 

March 6 I 977 

 the house* my lather used to own there 
Freddie* would stare* at it and then start crying, promising that someday he’d buy it buck — for me. Freddie even liar! mc* believing that Lenny's spirit was alive* anc) living in his body. I knew he only loved nu* because I w as Lenny 
Bruce's child, but I didn t care; I was in love with him.” Kitty paused, then added, “ Comedians aren’t uien or women 
They're* melancholy children '* 
Freddie Prinze had a death wish, and he'd share* it with almost anyone vvho would listen. He was going to make it lug and last, retire by the* time he* was 25, and be dead before he* was 

JU. 
Bud Friedman is the* owner of Im ­ provisation, the* club on West 44th street where* Freddie got his first big break A year and a hall ago. Fried­ man opened a second club, in Los 
Angeles. During the Hrs! year it w a s open. 
Freddie played there three 

 w e e k e n d s out of four to get the* clut> on 

 i ts feet Whatever cist* this complicat­ ed young man was. he* w as also gener­ ous and loyal, lh* w as repaying Bud for helping hun get -'tarted 
“ All comics talk about suicide, lait 
Freddie did it more than most,’* said 
Friedman. “ As a matter of fact, nisi the night before In* killed himself, a group of young comics were in the club. It was about three in the morning 

 and the conversation turned somehow to suicide. Well, the consensus was that though all of them talk about it, 
Freddie would probably be the only one to actually do it” 
Freddie never made many close friends in Hollywood. Alter Kilty, and before and after his marriage to Kathy 
Cochran, Freddie dated a lot. some­ times two or three* different girls in the course of the same day. But he* seldom let a ny body get close. One of the* few people who were allowed to sec* all. or at least most. of Freddie is a fragile- looking, small man named Alan 
Bursky. Bursky is Freddie's age. 22, and until he became a Hollywood pub- lic-relutions man a short time ago. he was also a comic They were a curious pair, those two: suave Freddie, six feet two inches tall. Bursky, five feet four inches, a perpetuul-motion machine, always ready for any adventure or dope or scam Freddie felt tike getting into. 

TG' reddle could be playful ar- 
I * ound 
Alan; he could put aside the television and stage persona and just be a kid. They loved practical jokes — tossing water bal­ loons down on passing ears and pedes­ trians. putting exploding caps in the tip of people's cigarets. 
But even around Alan, Freddie talked often and m elodram atically about suicide*. “ Freddie was always telling nu* that In* wanted to Im* bkt* that movie character; 'Live fast, die young, and leave a beautiful corpse” ’ 
One day iii early January. Bursky dropped iii on Freddie. Freddie was writing —■ “ my autobiography," he said. 
“ How can you verite an autobiography?’’ Alan scoffed “ You have tons of stuff ahead of you; how ala* 
Medical costs rise; is care declining? 

F i r s t o f a s o r i o s 

(fit an overcast Friday afternoon in 

January, two years age. I was fired. I had written a series el articles show­ ing that the nation was in the midst of a health care cost crisis. 

My em ployer, the venerable and 

 powerful American Medical Associa­ tion. said there was no crisis. “ There are some problem s — and w e're working on them.'* said the .AMA’s public relations chief. So. after five years as edltor-in chief of Today’s 
Health, the AM Vs popular consumer m agazine. I was told: “ W ithdraw 
'oui articles — or put on your hat and 
’ coat.” 

A lth oug h I never w ear a hat. 4 

 walked out ol the YM A s blot k long 
Chicago headquarters to become a tree lance and a free mao. I was gi­ ven two weeks severance by ^n or­ ganization ol I k7,th Kl physicians and surgeons, whose I H77 budget is l i t . 2o5.UUU 
I hat is what the AM A 

 w ill spend to prom ote health in 
Am erica and its own political exis­ tence — hut not necessarily in that order. 

What had I written in my articles 

 that was upsetting and noxious to the doctors? I said that it was difficult in the 1o7os being a good doctor; I added that it was more d ifficult being a solvent patient. In 1o7t». the AM \ sold 
Today s 
H ealth. 
The consum er 

 monthly was 53 years old and long regarded as the one bridge between the CMA and the public. \s its death, the magazine had att estimated read­ ership ut 2.3 million. 

Who then does serve the public? 

I he critics: those tree to speak out. to cut through the evasions, the obius- cations, the attendant contusion to our health care crisis. 
Ihts. then, is what this series is ail 

 about. It continues Monday in The 
News. 

 man. a retired Missouri businessman is a member of this giant clique 
VV hat lie knows — and 
(.ires deeply about — is tin* lull In* got Dom 
Parkway General I he-pi tat fur Ins vv H e” last 
I tours alive Ills eve tell ult lite kl III 4 Jo total 
VV hen he realized that 
Helen, (lo* mother oi tits tin ce grown children, had bet'h a patient lur 
(•iiIv 23 bouts aud it minutes In* became even mute emotional 

I or one eta' s slav in a hospital,” he declares 

“ (hut s robbing the pen- pie ’ 
What 
Goodman, a former insurance man, means is that Medicare pays all Iud kin! of the lo ll Titus, consumers across the country pick up a piece ut these and sim ilar charges so. it 

I»eb o o vcs Us ti* look mot e closely at 
M rs 

G o o d m a n s last medical bdl 
Patk w a' General an investor OW tied hospital 

 iii North Miami Beach, has made no attempt to dot k the Issue 
Vlmtttts- l rut ut F VV a' ne f hi is 

 topher and un account auditor (a registered nurse) c a re fu ll' re­ viewed tin* chart tor this reporter 

L i l t b a r r a t H iiiifn t 
Vt first there was minor embarrassment 
I hrtsloplier mistakenly believed Hu* complaint involved another patient a * allodian v Is itu f to 
Florida, a HW yeur old woman in good h e a l t h , w tm had suffered ail at Ute lieut ! attack lite woman was tallied tnt Is two hours 4a minutes before she ex­ 

 pired. F ifty of these minutes she was in the intensiv e coronary -care unit. 
Her lull read; 
S955.H5. The dead wo­ man s friends were out­ raged. even protesting to a I . S. senator . . . The point being: No one l i k e s to pay for poor health. 
And when the'patient dies. we like it still less 
At initial glance, the 
Goodman bill is simple, even clearcut There are seven basic charges: emergency service, $15: room. -SKT; electrocardio­ gram. SHK; X-ray. $K4, central supplies. SIM? all drugs. $2oh.7o: lab, $375 
While tilt* patient audi­ tor dnuMecheckcd the pharmacy and lab charges — both seemed high for so short a stay — 
< hi istopher told me how difficult it is to run a 
387-bed hospital with 35o staff doctors aud THO fulltim e workers lo ov ersee 
“ Since Ja il. I . IM7H, there has iieen a 2o-35 (mc cent inerease.in all phar­ m aceuticals.” he said. 
“ and our malpractice in* ii* * I ■ 
W Ii,I: 
'OI (MMI a mouth 
( A M X e*tt- j males the av crave pay­ ment ja i doctot tor mal* I pi ad tee tlisui atlee runs i mon thail si til. aud 1 i v cry time a patient I makes an ut Hee visit, lo* pays kl J4 for tnalprue- ih e <• tij )h i ( rut id tile j total cost 
Iii the last IJ m ouths, 
( bt istophci notes Bark I 

Hee MI.DK U „ Pug? lit 

First breath of sprint iii Fortrel® 

IL lu shing ll to*cr** -pi(Hit mi a 
I .a i Aground oi vv lute in our print 
(Ires-(ti t chinese l oiticl polve-tei 
Meet spring til this ia-llloil that will take v oil pi-I ev et \ w here. ?** I I 
Bv I es I ie Boutel 
I,MIO I I . ti, 
I VI «u I (Im I tn lu O »• • tut 

N il XI XIN XX I 
X III I i SBX I Hi IM X/ X 

NI Ut I It ' I Ait XI XI I 
W U X I * ! HI W D 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
'Live fast. die 

Continued from Page HI you coing to end it?” 
“'With a big bang!” Freddie replied. bis eyes blazing with terrible enthu­ siasm. “ I can see the headlines now. on the front page of every newspaper in the world: Freddie Prinze Dead!” 
“ You better hope there’s not an earthquake or a flood the same day.” 
"aid Bursky, ruining the heavy drama 
Freddie was so obviously enjoying. 
Freddie’s preoccupation with suicide coincided with his fascination with guns. One afternoon three years ago, 
Bursky walked into Freddie’s apart­ ment. Freddie, then nineteen, proudly showed him his latest acquisition. It was an enormous Colt Python .;ir>7 magnum handgun, complete with a hoy of shells. Bursky. also a gun lover lop awed by the monstrous revolver. asked Freddie where he had gotten it. 
"Hetold me Ha llie Pryor had given it to him because Pryor didn't trust himself with it. But I couldn’t believe anybody would give something like that to Freddie, of all people.” 
That night the two kids were watch­ ing old Frankenstein and Laurel and 
Hardy movies on Freddie’s videotape machine. One of their favorite pas­ times was to dub iii their ow ii dialogue. 
They were uninhibited around each other, both natural comedians who liked to get cocaine-energized. By three or four in the morning, they would often become uproarious. But the night of the gun. Freddie was preoccupied. Before long. he tired of tin' games, put a single shell into the chamber of the .357 and began spin­ ning the cv limier around. Suddenly, he put the barrel against Ins temple and pulled the trigger. 
“ flick " 
Freddie had played a game of Kus- sian roulette, and that night he had won. 
On another occasion, at 3:311 a.in. as 
Bursky and Freddie were watching old movies. Freddie sat twirling his gun. 
Western style. m%7 
\ ^ ou’re not going to be happy 
V until you fire that thing. 
J I L are you?” said Bursky. 
Freddie grinned, walked out to his balcony overlooking Hollywood Boule­ vard. pointed the long barrel up in the air and fired Flame leaped from the barrel. The retort was deafening. echoing off the lulls and buildings and shattering the predawn quiet. In a panic. Freddie threw the gun onto his living r o o m floor and dove iii after it. 
Bursky was already hiding behind the couch. Then they both started laughing hysterically and crawled back to the balcony, watching as lights went on all through the neighborhood. 
For the nest few years. Freddie and his sidekick constantly played with guns. They spent hours at the firing range, or. using Bursky’s .22 target pistol or Freddie’s air gun. they would shoot up Freddie's apartment, firing at the cupboards, things on the walls. 
Freddie’s record collection, anything that had sporting value as a target. 
Last spring. Freddie bought the gun he used to kill himself. He was mar­ ried by then and had purchased a rambling home for his wife and their baby. Freddie -lames. It was high iii the Hollywood Hills, overlooking the city. During the daytime, the area is lovely and serene. But at night there is an almost absolute blackness in those lulls The few streetlights cast weird shadows guaranteed to intensify the paranoia of anyone so inclined. As a child iii Washington Heights. Freddie had been raised to believe the night held terror for unsuspecting victims, and he brought that fear west with hun. "Ile was always paranoid about kidnappers, muggers, death threats, that kind of thing.” says Bursky. 
Freddie's first honie-improvcment ef­ fort was a wall around the house. His second was the purchase of another gun. 
“ I'm going lo get a piece for protec­ tion,” Freddie said to Bursky. “ What kind of gun did lames Bond use?" 
Freddie loved the -lames Bond char­ acter; In* had all the books, had seen all the movies. 
"ll was a Walt her PP K .” said 
Bursky. 
“ I’m going to get that.” 
It s relatively easy to buy a handgun iii California. a s long as you’re over 21 and have no criminal record or history of psychiatric illness. Freddie was al­ ready seeing a psychiatrist, but since that wasn’t a matter of public* record. he was able to purchase a weapon al 
Big-5, a local sporting-goods outlet. 
Tile store hail run out of the Wulther brawl, so he decided to buy a similar-looking Astra brand .32 au­ tomatic. Ile quickly fell in love with the sleek little weapon, tarrying it al- iliosf constantly , usually concealed iii 
Ills MH'k, 
While Freddie continued to delight hts TV audiences right up to the end. his olf-tamera personality began de­ teriorating during the k ist -ox months of Ins lite. W lien he died. many (actors were publicly blumed for Hit* black depression thai bad increasingly smothered th is hugely talented young man until it covered hun finally bkt* a death blanket Hie news reports spoke ot Ins aged. heavy-drinking father; his unsuccessful aud expensive lawsuit against Ins first manager, David Jon- as; his drug bust; and. of course, his tailed marriage, But while all those things contributed to the awful end. none of them was the divisive factor. 
As Tony Orlando said at Freddie’s f im e/a I, "F v cry body has problems with their marriage.” But everybody 
M i’! a kid from a semi-ghetto who has lost his roots just us lie discovers he cult have any toy he wants lo play with. however destructive; aud everybody doesn t think lie s Lenny Bruce born again and every lo**fy doest! I delight 

 iii dunking of suicide and isn i Hilo ifttiM* a* heavily as Freddie wa* 
Las! November, two months betoil* hts death, there was an incident that turned out it* Im* a chilling warning, a preview of Hit night be look his lite 

A code to live by. young 

. and die b y 

Freddie had been hanging around with 
John Travolta, the handsome star of the “ Welcome Back, Hotter series. 
He seems to have identified with 
Travolta because John had replaced 
Freddie as this season’s teen idol. At about one in the morning. Travolta called James Komaek, who, as creator of both “ Chico" and “ Hotter. ' serves as unofficial godfather to both easts. 
“ Jim m y.” said Travolta urgently. 
"I just left Freddie. He’s got a gun; lie s just taken a whole mess of pills and lie's talking about killing himself." 
B 

 y this time. Freddie was liv­ ing alone again. Aller he and 
Kathy split up. he had moved into the Beverly Comstock, a residen­ tial hotel that resembles a Holiday Inn except for its fancier awning and in­ flated rents. Freddie had also become deeply involved iii Quaaludes, semiud- dietive downers that gained fleeting popularity as an aphrodisiac. An aver­ age person takes half a tablet, or maybe a full one. in preparation for an occasional bedtime adventure. Freddie was gulping four to six every day. 
Alter getting Travolta's call. 
Honiack tried to get iii touch with 
Freddie, who filially answered his phone with a stoned mumble. Honiack then called Moi Ling Moon*, his secretary, and quickly went with lier to the Beverly Comstock. Freddie’s door was locked, and he wouldn't answer 
Komaek’s pounding, so Moi Ling got a passkey from the front desk. When they entered the apartment. Freddie was slumped over on his couch. On the coffee table were two bottles of 
Quaaludes, one of them open, its con­ tents spilled out oil the table. Komaek lifted Freddie up on his feet and struggled to get him walking. Several times. Freddie collapsed, almost toppling Komaek. 
Jimmy walked Freddie for the next half hour, pleading for consciousness. 
Meanwhile. Mei Ling scooped the pills off lilt* coffee table and put them into her purse. Then she searched all the drawers, finding more pills and the .32 automatic, lier search was completed by the lime Jimmy managed to bring 
Freddie back to the living room. 
They said good night to him. told him to get some rest, and left. But as they reached the lobby of the building. 
Freddie came bounding down the stairs, snarling. "Where are my pills? 
You got my gun! Where s my gun?" 
At first Komaek denied hav mg either the gun or the pills, but Freddie was loudly insistent. Finally. Komaek told 
Freddie to wait in tin* lobby while he escorted Met Ling to the ear. “ Stay here. FII bring the st ul t back 
But when Komaek got to his car. he hurriedly drove away. An hour and a hall later. Freddie came banging on 
Homack’s big front door. “ Hive me my gun!" he shouted over and over. 
Komaek finally let him into the house. With Freddie was Carol 
Xovuck. his secretary , girl Friday, and mother confessor. He often culled lier when lie was desperate: she always rescinded. Freddie sat on the couch in 
Jim m y’s den and begun crying. 
"Jim m y, please give me my gun. I 
• an't go to sleep without my gun." t hen he got angry and spoke through clenched teeth; “ \ ou------ . give me my gun!” 
After an angry and frustrating hour, a compromise was reached, ll Freddie allowed Carol to take him back lo the 
Beverly Comstock, then Jimmy would turn the gun and pills over to Carol. 
The next afternoon at the studio, 
Carol told Komaek that she had given the gun and pills back to Freddie. 
Komaek was incensed. "You and all the rest are afraid to say no to Freddie. 
You're afraid of him!” 
In a nearby dressing room. Freddie overheard and came running out. Ile was sober and angry. “ Don't you talk lo her like that . . . you . . . you old drunk. Yo u ’re nothing lull a drunk! 
W lf. don’t you have another martini and leave her alone!” It was a terrible scene and very unlike the past rela­ tionship the two men had enjoyed. 
They didn’t speak tti each other for days after that. until 
Freddie apologized. Then, as always when he asked to be forgiven. Freddie became a little boy. sheepish, innocent, radiating charm And everybody al­ ways forgave Freddie. 
Freddie’s death throes began in ear­ nest on Wednesday. January 2tf. At the studio that afternoon, he was upset and depressed Ile hail just received bad news about his divorce. Kathy s lawyers had obtained a court order requiring him to pay her $5.UUU per month tor alimony aud child support. 

Although Freddie professed to love 
Kathy, their breakup really had not troubled him. The Prinzes’ marriage had turned sour shortly after their baby was born. Freddie had been spending most of his time away from home to avoid Hie constant bickering and fighting with Kathy. So he was not depressed by the breakup of his mar­ riage; he was depressed because he had made a mistake in getting married in the first place, and now the mistake was proving a costly one. He com­ plained bitterly and often of the "vul­ tures” who wert* trying to drain him dry. play him for a chump. 
The court order was doubly upset­ ting because Freddie feared it would get into the newspapers and affect his career. One of the affidavits Kathy had signed alleged that she hadn't enough money to buy food and clothing for herself and the baby. Actually. 
Freddie had been generous with 
Kathy, as he was with almost every­ one. Ile had given her the house and was paying all the expenses, including the gardener and the pool-maintenance man. She had open accounts at local supermarkets, Freddie paid lier charge accounts, and she was getting 
$tMMl per month for incidental expenses. 
Seeing that Freddie was coming apart over the court order. Carol 
Noyack went with him from the studio to his apartment iii a vain attempt to cheer him up. It was early in the evening, bul Freddie had already downed several Quaaludes. 
“ Fverything is going to work out. 
Freddie. Be patient, soon it ll all be behind you.” 
“ No, it won t,’’ Freddie protested. “ I can’t go on like this. Every time I turn around, it's something else.” 
In the year arid a half that she had been working for Freddie. Carol, a 
35-year-old woman who sometimes acts much older, had become Fred­ die’s trusted friend and confidante. He liked spending time with her for the same reason he liked hanging around with Alan Bursky. Freddie didn’t have to play a role around Carol. If he felt like being a tired and frightened little boy . she would indulge him. But there was one thing Carol haled about Fred­ die. It was Ins gun. and he had in­ creasingly been playing with that deadly toy. Fur the last couple of weeks, he had been handling it con­ stantly. sometimes putting it to his temple, sometimes even into his mouth. When Carol complained. 
Freddie would make a joke of it. telling her not to worry, that the safety was on. 
On Wednesday night, ho pulled the gun out again. “ Freddie!" Carol cried out. "Please put that gun away! You know I can’t stand it!” 
Freddle laughed gently and set the gun down on the coffee table. Tempor­ arily relieved. Carol went into the kit­ chen to get them something to eat. 
Then it happened. 
“ Bang!” r i 
H and screamed, and ran back vR j into the living room. "Ila, ha. 
I fouled you."said Freddie.his face aglow with a mischievous grin. 
Carol collapsed on the couch, sobbing. 
Po calm lier. Freddie agreed to see his psychiatrist. Carol called the doctor and made an appointment for later 
Hull night. Then she went home, thor­ oughly shaken. 
But Freddie didn’t go straight to the doctor’s; he went to Komack’s place iii 
Beverly Hills. Jim m y and his wife, 
I luny. wore out to dinner. The only person there was Buddy Canon, an old friend and housoguesl. Freddie pushed past Buddy at the front door and went upstairs to the KomacktC bedroom. 
There he started searching frantically through dresser drawers. 
“ What are you looking for. 
Freddie?” Buddy asked repeatedly . 
"S o m e cocaine!" Freddie finally shouted. "I iii out of coke and there s got to be some around here som eplace!" 
Buddy is a well-built man. street- trained III Jersey City. lie could have handled I ’reddle easily . Intl he didn t want to offend the star of lits best friend s T\ show. So he watched 
Freddie ransacking the place until finally, in frustration, he slammed a drawer on Freddie’s fingers. “ I can't let you do this. Freddie. Jimmy is go­ ing to gel p* • - * d at me." 

Freddie slowly took hts hand out of the drawer, reached into hts pocket, turned menacingly toward Buddy, and pointed the .32. “ Just tell him I pulled a gun on you.” Buddy knew Freddie’s tendency toward dramatic gestures, so lie just leaned forward and said, 
“ Nobody points a gun at me. Freddie.” and he plucked the gun out el Fred- die s hand It was a cool act — bul then 
Buddy did vvItal everybody always did; 
He gave Freddie back lits gun. 
A few m inutes later, Freddie was met al the Komaek house by tits new girl friend. Suzanne Martin. Because 
Fret Idle was so slimed. Suzanne agreed to drive him to tile psychiatrist s. As they left. Freddie asked Buddy "not to tell Jimmy,” Buddy agreed, because nobody could say no to Freddie, As a result. Komaek didn t learn about the incident until the next night after 
Freddie had shot himself. 
Freddie spent tile night at hts doc­ tor's house. The next morning Carol met him at the office around eleven, site did her best to lie unfriendly. 
Freddie bad profoundly frightened lier with the shouting incident and she wanted him to know she was angry 
But lie but cly nolo i ii her displeasure. lie was already "toned on Quaaludes. 
I lint frightened I arui more I hull al­ most any thine else Credit ie never got stoned at walk l ite major reason i a- rot aud the olheis dose to him dldu t 

 bust Freddie for his drugs was that he always came to work sober. He was young and strong and could always walk away from the night before. But the drugs were taking a terrible toll on 
Freddie’s body. In recent months his weight had dropped by at least twenty pounds. At the end. Freddie was severely thin and gaunt; his face looked like a death mask — hollow and pasty. 
Ignoring Carol’s mood. Freddie called his psychiatrist. "Hey, Doc, I want my gun and my ‘hides back." 
Freddie’s voice was reassuringly calm and sober-sounding. “ Put them in an envelope and I'll s t o p by and pick them up. Don’t worry.” tic cooed. "I ll put them away." 
As soon as he hung up. Freddie said. 
"Fool!" lo the receiver and grinned diabolically. Carol started sobbing, 
"Freddie! How could you? You know how much I hate that gun!" Freddie soothed her and sent her on an errand out of the office. 
He somehow managed to make it through rehearsal that last day, and even kept an appointment with 
Komaek for five that afternoon. Jimmy wanted to talk to him about the next season, to ask Freddie if he had any problems with the writers or directors or any other aspect of the production. 
The meeting had been scheduled to last two hours, but the business was wrapped up in fifteen minutes. By the standards of TV superstardom. Fred­ die's demands were modest. Ile want­ ed pay parity xx itll Jack Albertson, his co-star; that meant only a small raise to $25o,o4)o. Komaek agreed to it with­ out much discussion. Freddie also wanted a better dressing room and a new ear. "Jesu s. Freddie, th ats easy." replied Jimmy happily. “ Now w hat are we going to do for the rest of the two hours?" 
They decided to play backgammon. 
Freddie had recently learned the game and played it as often as tie could. As he played. Freddie talked about the future of “ Chico," telling Komaek that he wanted the series to go into a fourth, possibly a fifth, season. Ile was also drinking a lot of wine and popping 
’hides. When he took two within a half hour, Komaek asked him to ease off. 
Freddie minimized the potency of the drug. “ It s just like a grass high. 
Jimmy.” 
"Bul too much of a good thing can kill you just as easily as poison.” 
Freddie politely agreed, as he usually did when somebody was telling him something he didn’t want to hear. 
At the end of the game. Freddie em­ braced Jimmy with unusual warmth, then walked out the front door. 
"I realize now,” said Komaek. "that 
Freddie was say ing good-bye. 
Carol was waiting for Freddie at his apartment. When he opened the door and saw her, he spoke like a truant schoolboy, expecting to be punished, but unable to resist the temptation to brag about his misdeeds. "I took five dudes. I drank some wine, and I still drove all the way over here." 
"Where did you get these?" asked 
Carol bitterly, picking up a bottle 
Freddie had just put down on the cof­ fee table. 
"I got them on the street." he re­ plied. Freddie had virtually unlimited access to cocaine and Quaaludes. Ile either bought them from the peddlers serv ing tile Los Angeles show-business community or. i i i the case of the dudes, he had a Las Vegas doctor who would write a prescription for him. 
Freddie started making phone calls to his friends, to Kathy, to his lawyers. to Alan Bursky. After making at least half a dozen more good-bye calls. 
Freddie fell asleep on the couch. Carol was enormously relieved. She removed his shoes, then got a blanket and a pillow to make him more comfortable. 
She hoped he would be out for the night, bul at nine. the phone rang and woke him up. ll was the psychiatrist. 
“ Who’s that. Carol? Who’s that?” 
Freddie w a s nearly incoherent, but he managed to s i t up and take the phone. 
“ Doe. I need help. I’m going to do it. 
I cand take it anymore.” 
The d'H/tor asked Freddie to put Ca­ rol back on the telephone. He told lier that Freddie wasn't serious, he was just reaching out for help, and that as long as he was reaching out for help. he wouldn't do it. The doctor also told her to tell Freddie he was going to stop by later iii the evening. 
In the meantime. Freddie had gone into his bedroom and got his gun. 
“ Why do you need thai?" demanded 
Carol. 
“ Don’t worry. Carol. I promise I wont play with it.” 
Freddie put the gun on the coffee table and asked I arui to play a game of backgammon. 
Ile took another 

Lenny Bruce was Freddie’s idol and his preoccupation. 

Quaalude, his sixth qf Hie night. After a few futile minutes, they stepped the charade of game-playing. Freddie was so stoned he couldn't move the pieces. 
Ile sat on the couch, nodding out. but alter live or ten minutes, lie would snap awake. Sometimes lie would gel a burst of energy and dance around the living room to a record of "Car W ash." played over and over. 
“ You're wearing me out." Carol protested. 
" I ’m sorry." Freddie apologized, telling Cand again that he didn’t want to lie alone, ttiat lie couldn’t take it anymore. 
At about midnight. Freddie culled his manager. Roil DcBlasio. He hadn t seen him since Tuesday, but the first 
Hung he said was. "Don't worry about anything, Ron; Doe is coming over to take my dudes and confiscate the piece." 
“ Confiscate the piece! W hat is going on over there. Freddie?" 
Ron asked to speak to Carol, who brought him up to date on the latest troubling development. Freddie got back on Hie phone aud Ron tried to calm him. "Freddie. I can't believe that you are going to let life get the best of you. You're like a long-distance runner. Everybody who lias caused you any hurt or pain is so far behind you. you’ve outdistanced them; you’re way 
.ahead " Hon went on to talk about 
Freddie's prospects for the coming season. I ii addition to his salary for 
“ Chico.” Freddie was going to earn between $5oo,oo1) and $75o,ooo from TV specials and live appearances in Tahoe and Vegas. “ I need you healthy!” Ron wrapped up hts speech. 
B 

4 

 ut something was wrong: 
Carol was screaming in the background. Bon told Freddie to put her on the phone. She was sob­ bing hysterically. " I don’t know what you’re saying, Run. but stop it! He’s taken the gun off the table and lie s waving it around!” Run told her to put 
Freddie back on the phone. Ile finally seemed lo convince Freddie to put the gun away. When Freddie promised t* give the gun to his doctor, Roo hung up. 
The psychiatrist arrived at about one in the morning. A small, slender, young-looking man who is actually iii his seventies, lie sat down opposite 
Freddie. 
“ Well. Doc. what am I — a psycho­ tic. a schizophrenic, what?" Freddie asked calmly, his voice even tinged with a touch of playfulness. 
“ You’re none of those things. Fred­ die. You're just an immature boy who has the capacity to hurt himself when he's on drugs.” The doctor went un to discuss a plan whereby Freddie would be followed around the clock by a muscle man who could take away 
Freddie's drugs or gun when ii became necessary to protect him from himself. 
After fifteen minutes. Freddie got bored ami reached for Ins guitar, ink­ ing l and and Hie doctor if they wanted lo hear his new song. But lie couldn't play the instrument. Ile didn't have the strength to depress the strings 
At one point, the doctor tried It* slip the clip of bullets out of the gun, but 
Freddie saw him. "Give that back to me!” hi* growled. 
The doctor stole a glance at Carol, then handed Freddie the clip. It was now after 2 a.m.. and Carol finally told 
Freddie she had to leave, lie walked her to the door, again sweetly apologizing for his conduct. Ile asked her lo call him when she reached home safely. She agreed and left him vv itll the doctor. But fifteen minutes later, when Carol called, Freddie was alone with his gun. lits drugs, aud Ins depression. 
“ Carol. I’m so lonely.” 
“ Freddie,” Carol implored, "please go to lied. Everything xx ill be all right in the morning.” 
Freddie hung up. only to call lier back ten minutes later. “ I'm going to do it. Carol. I can’t stand it anymore.” 
“ Please don’t talk that way. Fred­ die. You're scaring inc. You have your whole life ahead of you . . . you have everything to live for. It’s going to he all right." Ile mumbled agreement, so 
Cand took a cheerful tack. 
“ FII wake you at nine tomorrow and 
I ii pick you up ut ten. Okay?" 
“ Okay, Carol, lf I rn still around.” 
"Don't say that. Freddie!" 
After she had managed lo get him to retract that awful condition, Carol hung iqi Bul site felt guilty and was considering returning to Un* Beverly 
I oinstiH k vv tail Uh* phone rang, it was 
M an Snyder, I reddle > business manager 
A no-frills guy. called 
" D u s t y " by Ins friends, M an was cornel iu d about Freddie, who had just 

 telephoned him. threatening suicide. 
Snyder asked Carol if stie thought 
Freddie was serious. Carol told him about tin' psychiatrist's reassuring adv ice that Freddie was reaching out for help, and was therefore not about to lake tiis life. But Carol added that she was very worried, so Dusty agreed to go to Freddie’s apartment. 
When Dusty knocked oil the apart­ ment door. Freddie opened it. but he didn’t say any thing. He just turned and walked buck to the couch and sat dovv it. th* looked thoroughly worn out. 
"What's going on. Freddie?" 
"I just can’t go on like this." said 
Freddie, still barely noticing Dusty. 
"But Freddie." continued Dusty, trying to sound optimistic, "ult these things that are troubling you are com­ ing to an end. And what’s the worst that can happen? So it’ll cost you a little money . . . it’s only money, and you can make money. This is going to be a tremendous year for you!” But 
Freddie seemed not to be listening. 
In growing desperation. Dusty used 
Ills strongest argument for life. He knew that Freddie was always con­ cerned about taking care of the people he loved, especially' his motlier and son. Ile hail just taken out two huge insurance policies on his Iift*. "So I explained that bot ll policies ll ad a two-year waiting period, and it he killed himself before that, they wouldn't pay off.” But even that ar­ gument failed to work. 

Freddie went to the telephone, ll** called lits attorney, Dav id Braun; he catted his psychiatrist, then his mother. Freddie’s last call, at about 
3:3o in the morning, was lo his wife. 
Kathy. It was her birthday. 
"Kathy, I can’t go on. I love you and 
I love the baby very much. but I just have to find peace." His voice was leaden with resignation. He hung up and stared at the wall. Then, without even glancing back at Dusty. Freddie reached into Hi** couch, produced the gun. fait it lo his temple, and pulled the trigger. 

His head muffled Hit* sound of the shot. For an instant. Dusty thought 
Freddie was playing another joke with a blunk cartridge. Then he saw the blood flow mg down the side of his head. Freddie was si ill silting upright on the couch. The hand holding the automatic slid down from his forehead until it rested on his lap. Thirty-three hours later. Freddie Prinze died. 

People across the country were shocked and saddened that such an accomplished young man with such great expectations would take his own life. His mother. Maria, was devastat­ ed She live*! for Freddie, her only child, lier lilt*. Only tin* outpouring of sympathy has kept her going. Sacks of condolence letters from all over the world cover her living-room flour. Slit* has been called by the president of the 
I luted States, by Betty Ford. by Hit* governor of Puerto Rico. by scores of people from the world of show busi­ ness. 

Alter tilt* funeral, people offered opinions about why bt* had done it. 
Komut'k’s i s as good as any, "lie was 
»o incredibly different from the rest of 

U s . At nineteen, lo do what he did will) 
“ Chico." At 22, to host “ The Tonight 
Shuvv” and not sweat. To stand up in front of the president of the United 
Slates at i n s inauguration and be funny. Half Puerto Riean, half Jewish. a grown-up. charming, troubled, bril­ liant. little boy 
— he was just different." 

EJ i 

JAM IS HOMA CK 

Pluo w a d )okW '* and 
CSko 

GtHALDO M/VfcMA 

Watched haddie I delime bvt Mi*d nothing lo Him about ti 

 m oon AS CHICO laughed an the vet bul cr tad mud* 

A pril 2 is only the first battle 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday March 6 1977 
* 
Page ^ - H 

By JAMES MCCRORY 

San Antonio voters go to the polls April 2 to select their new 
City Council for the next two years. 
Right? 
Wrong! 
San Antonio voters April 2 will be perform ing a pro forma function, se­ parating the wheat from the chaff on the ballot, so lo speak. 
Most of it won't be conclusive. 
Voters will elect their new council in fact on April 16. the run-off date for those candidates who survive lite April 
2 bloodletting. 
With the campaign heating up into the last month, it appears as m atters now s t a n d , a n d s u b j e c t to c h a n g e , probably one and possibly one or two more of the ll contests on the ballot will be decided April 2. 
Run-offs 

It will be recalled that in the last city election of 1975 voters decided only two of the nine races in the April go. The other seven rac e s w ere thrown into run-offs. 
One candidate who won outright in the firs t e l e c tio n w a s C o u n c i l m a n 
Henry Cisneros, carrying tile banner of the Good Government. League, and tin* other was Councilman ('laude Black, a m e m b e r of th e I n d e p e n d e n t T e a m ticket. 
Only one m e m b e r of th e p r e s e n t council appears to have the muscle to over-power his opponents with a m a ­ jority vote in the April 2 election. 
T h ere ’s an outside possibility that in one or two others, more probably the one than the two, the incumbent can cross the finish line April 2 w it Ii a m a j o r i t y vote. 
But in m o st of th e races. April 2 will merely determ ine which two candidates will face each other iii the run-offs. 
Tight race 

In District 2. for example, the dis­ trict which has the strongest possibili­ ty of producing a black councilman to replace re ti rin g C o u n c ilm a n ( laude 
Black, there are IO candidate's. None of them appears to be far enough ahead of the pack to beat the other nine with a m a jo r ity of th e votes April 2. even t h o u g h C h a r l e s W i l l i a m s Sr. h a s 
Black's support. Black is the only in­ cum bent council m e m b e r who is not seeking re-election. 
Majority of the other districts appear to be much in the sa m e shape. In dis­ tr ic ts in th e so u th , s o u th w e s t, an d western sec tions of the c ity. it appears most ca n d id a tes will be p e rfo rm in g the obligatory, obsequious knee-jerk­ ing tribute to Communities Organized for Public Service, and maybe for good reason. COPS has proven itself a po­ tent force in the c o m m u n ity , an o r ­ ganization In he reckoned with. 
But c a n d i d a t e s in the North Side districts can safely th um b their noses at ( O P S . an d m a y b e even pick up some Brownie points with their voters iii so doing. 
The rev e rse holds tru e for the Al­ liance for a Better City, the progeny of the- old Good Government League. 
Minus 
ABC hacking could he a minus in the a r e a s w h e r e C OPS holds forth, but prove a plus in other sections of the city. 
The ABC. at the moment, is a pu//lc and a question m a r k in the political scheme of things. 

$ Potpourri 

People am i Politics 

Certainly, ABC’s performance iii the first election in which it participated after its birth wasn't propitious enough lo cause singing in the streets. ABC c a m e out a g a i n s t d i s t r i c t i n g , an d v o te rs c r a m m e d AB C 's o p p o s it io n down its throat. 
That election indicated that ABC just doesn't have it all together yet, that while it has th e ability to g a t h e r in funds, it doesn t necessarily know how to use those funds. 

 newspaper coverage, they would still have to lay out the s a m e am o u n t of money as ii their appeal was to the city at large. That holds true in all IO of the d i s t r i c t r a c e s , e x c e p t i n g only th e mayor's race. 
T h e c a m p a i g n m a il-o u t b u s i n e s s probably will pick up drastically. 
One tiling is certain. New campaig n techniques and approaches will have to be applied as the city goes into its first distric tin g election. City c a n d id a te s 
In the closing days of the districting might be able to pick up a few pointers election, ABC was floundering around knee-deep in money, but didn t know exactly what to do with it. Going into the final days, it shoveled a sizeable chunk of cash off on Texans for F re e­ dom, which was publicly leading the fight against districting, hut ii ca m e too biti' to change the outcome of the election. 
Long green 
The importance of money is never to be denigrated, but districting certainly browns some of the green. lf the monied interests, for example, decide to rely heavily on television, radio and newspaper advertising to get their m essage across, they would al­ most have to go with a ticket to get their money’s worth. 
Should they su pport an individual candidate in a particular district with f u l l s c a l e t e l e v i s i o n , r a d i o and 

 from the stat!' re p rese n ta tiv es , who now are elected from d istric ts after years of being elected at large. 

G ran ddad p o w er 

Well shucks, these days a candidate for public office has to grab for all the publicity he can get. Billboards, newspapers, TV and all that will come later for would-be mayor Dr. Jose San Martin, who's starting small but mightily with T-shirts on some of his nine grandchildren. There’s only one drawback; they’re all too young to vote for their grandpa, a former mayor pro tem. 
What? Judg es and pJr 

Boiler 
Room 
( a hi p a ig n in is e e l la ii pit 

GIST. J u d g e FRANKLIN SPEARS, acting as NLC.for the Builders Assn. mayoralty session last week featuring 
Mavor LILA COCKRELL and c a n d i ­ 

 d a t e s JOHN M O NT R E Y an d DR. 
JOSE SAN MARTIN, noted the m eet­ ing was being held iii the q uarters of a private organization and that the three were the only c a n d id a te s invited to 
.speak . . . “ Any other m a y o r ca n d i­ dates here will just have to stuff it," 
SPE A RS said . " T h a t is J u d g e Roy 
Bean Ju stice ." It's said, however, the j u d g e k n e w t h e r e w e r e no o t h e r mayoral candidates present . . . 

H enry’s not liappy, fellow s 

Power 
Players 

M o v e r s (m il s h a k e r s 

U.S. REP HENRY B. GONZALEZ tossed th e old ball s q u a r e l y to the 
House le a d e r s h i p in tile h a s s l e s u r ­ r o u n d i n g h is c h a i r m a n s h i p of t h e 
House Select Committee on Assassina­ tions . . . his congressional fellows on the committee, unwittingly or not. put 
Bexar County’s senior congressman in ail em barrassing spot by blocking the ch a ir m a n ’s efforts to fire chief counsel 
RICH XKI) SPRAGUE, certainly for cause 
. , such an unprecedented move as having a whole committee take the side of an employe over a fellow House m e m b er doesn't do unv congressman any good back home . . . 

AND the Democratic leadership of the H ouse doesn t s e e m that m u ch stronger than it was when CARL AL­ 
BERT was the Speaker of the House 
. . . disappointing thus far . . . 

• 
LOOK for HENRY B. to he hack iii 
Washington and on the job this week 
. . . although still under doctor s care, he feels okay and is ready to go huck into action . . . incidentally, this is the first tim e the co n g re ssm a n has been sil k since he entered Congress iii 19til 
. . . and it was a combination of ex­ haustion and the flu which brought 

HENRY down . . . the last time he had the flu was when he was a San Antonio city councilman back in the Tills . . . not bad for a m an who’s cracked the 
6o-year-old barrier . . . 

MAYORAL candidate JOHN MON- 
EREY laying out $25o for a Republi­ can National Voter R e gistration list from Washington . . . guess JOHN is making an appeal to the GOP, as well as the Democrats . . . 

CITY PUBLIC SERVICE Chairm an 
TOM BERG getting the ju m p on LILA 
COCKRELL before CPS took a vote on settling the Lo-Vaca/Coustal States gas dispute out of court . . . BERG gave an oral history of the proceedings and in the sa m e breath moved to approve it 
. . . her honor, who planned to m ake the motion, asked if the motion was legal since BERG is chairm an 
. . lie assured her it was . . . he'd already checked it out . . . 

GOOD NEWS. BAD NEWS: 
ELOY 
CENTENO said it when asked if he was going to resign from CPS hoard as he hud threatened if the Lo-Vucu settlement was approved. 
“ T h e r e s some good news anil some bad news," 
ELOY told reporters. “ The good news is it didn’t rain. The bad news for the public is what we passed 
The bad news for the board is I'm not resign­ ing". . . 

WASHINGTON s o u r c e s r e p o r t i n g that CHRIS ALDRETE, executive us- 

 sistant to U. S. Sen. 
LLOYD BENT­ 
SEN JR., is under serious considera­ tion for appointment bv 
President 
CARTER us federal co-c hairm an of the Southwest Border Economic Deve­ lopment Region . . . it’s a choice plum. if CHRIS can pluck it . . . 

T H E b ig q u e s t i o n at t h e IL S. 
C ourthouse is who 
BENTSEN has recommended as the new U. S. Attor­ ney r e p l a c i n g JOHN CLARK . . . 
BENTSEN'S people said the se nator’s choice still has to be checked out by the 
U.S. J u s t i c e D e p a r t m e n t . . . ii a p ­ p e a r s t h a t W A R R E N WEIR and 
JAMIE BOYD a r e th e f ro n t r u n n c rs 
. . . CLARK intends enterin g private practice in either San Antonio or Aus­ tin . . . 

COUNCILMAN AL ROHDE m ade it short and sim p le when City Council was discussing how to nail downtown 
San Antonio as the new headquarters for Lo-Vacu Gathering Co. lh* wanted it set out very specifically. “ Mayor." lie said. “ You're dealing with people who don’t honor their contracts” . . . 
WHAT gives with the Bexar County 
M ental H e a l t h / M e n t a l R e t a r d a t i o n 
Center? . . . in one instance, an MH/MR employe is discharged and decides to run for City Council, and fast on his heels three MH/MR female employes who helly-danee through their dinner ho u rs an d lost th e ir jobs a r e suing 
’M li /M R for reinstatement . . . sounds like a situation w here the physician better heal himself . . . 
Laney’s a good o/* boy 

By LICE JONES 
ASSOCIATED miss 

AUSTIN — Pelt* Laney s a line exam ple of "the mailed fist in a velvet glove." a House m em ber said of the man who controls m any of the p rivileges state representatives enjoy. 

Little things like parking places, of­ fice s p a c e , e x p e n s e a c c o u n t s and choice seats oil the floor mean a lot to politicians Lauey aud Ins House Ad­ ministration ComimUcc sa> who gels w hat in addition. everybody knows I.alley is S|H‘ukcr Bill Clayton s aller ego. and they pay uttenlion when Lauey has si*, niclhing to sav about a lull. 
That s Power, and plenty of it 
All a n lei ousels al iv e whose style al­ t e rn a t e s from easy cajoling to cold- eyed bluntness, the c om m ittee c h a ir ­ man arouses strong reactions. 
Off the record 

“ Can we go off the record." one representative said when asked what he thought of Caney, “ Lunev's a no good, rotten (characterization d e le t­ ed i.' 
Pi'te C aney, w h o s e g o o d - n a t u r e d hieh-piU heil horse laugh cup lie heard halt a House Chamber away? 
I .alley, who has saved the taxpayers hundreds ut thousands oi dollars aud snipped representatives from playing polities wUh their expense accounts? 
I here s no doubt tiiai much power — 
Caney di int > huv m g any — can be misused 

*K for iii’ 

I think lie using ii pretty fairly. I haven’t seen a whole lot of signs he is 
Utilising it. . . 
Fancy s a personable, en jo y a b le guy. l i e ’s pretty f u n n y ." savs Rep. Joe Allen, who run the a d ­ m in i s tra ti o n c o m m i t t e e when P r u e 
Daniel J r. was speaker. 
Caney. JU, ca m e to the legislature iii the big “ throw tile rascals out sweep 

There's m o re to Rep. Pete L an e y than boots and a lazy sm ile 

 that billowed tin* Sliarpstown scandal o! 1972 Ile ileal Rep. Delwiti Jones. 
D I,abbot k, who had d e s ig n e d new 
House districts lo elim inate muiiv ol iheu-S|M*aki r Gas Midst her s political tues 
U k e < lay ton he is a High Plains f a rm er 
His hom e at Hale Center is only 
:J5 m i l e s f r o m C l a y t o n ’s in 
S p rin g ta k e , and th e two w orked to­ gether iii Water, Inc., before Caney t am e to Austin. Caney graduated from 
Texas Tech and, like Clayton, majored 

 iii agricultural economies. Aud, like 
< lay ton, lie flies his own a i r p l a n e , rimy “ plane-pooled" occasionally for t r i p s h o m e . and Lunev o fte n flew 

Clayton during the two years when a heart attack caused the speaker to lose his fly jug license 
P r o p p i n g his cow buy-booted feet alop the coffee table iii his fourth fluor office, xx nil its vi ew d o w n C ongress 
Xveiiue. I-a I icy said 

( r e d its 

“ I try to do vvbal I Hunk is right and the way I think t h e p e o p l e of Texas would like us to run our business, lf I do tilings that give pie credit for being a hatchet man. I guess it com es with the job.” 
Among the things for which Caney aud his committee take credit are 

• 
Consolidation of House printing aud bill distribution with the Legisla­ tive C o u n cil at a s a v i n g of a tin u I 
$259,99o. 
• 
Reduction of b etw e e n -se ssio n s stall by nearly 59 per cent. 
• 
A pro h ib itio n a g a i n s t m a ilin g c h ris t m a s cards and graduation certi­ ficate's to voters at state expense. 
• 
Merger of the House and Senate clipping se rvices into a single daily report. 
Ile now wants to slop m e m b e rs from sending out “ n ew s l ett ers ” within 99 davs of a primary or general election 
Critics say Laney is a r b it ra ry and uses bis position to re w ard bis and 
( lay ton’s friends and punish their po­ litical ('Heinies 
The committee tried to put the pre­ dominantly liberal House St iii tx Group 
(•iii of business la->t year by forbidding more than two m e m b e rs to share the ens I ol a stuffer. Clayton intervened, and the studv group still is operating 

(iH ‘em 

Shortly before this y e a r ’s session began, selected m em b ers were warned th a t b a l a n c e s iii e x p e n s e a c c o u n t s would he lapsed. T h is gave th e m a c hance to use their balances tor pos­ tage and supplies, reducing the pres­ s u r e oil c u r r e n t allo w a n c e s O th e r s weren't told 
T h e r e a r e o t h e r g r i p e s , many ut them petty. 
' S o m e legislators say ch o l ic olTice space was mtt allocated according to seniority but by who was hi with L a c v aud the sp e a k e r. I.aticv said it was done bv jot within scuiorilv rat kin -s 
Lauey said < layton had given Into “ a t h a n k l e s s p o sitio n a u d “ I don t 
((insider ll a power position 
Aud I would not use this position as a power iiositioii 
A liberal wlio finds bitte fault with 
Lauey but doesn’t like him personally lends to agree. 
Ile s a good ol’ boy, and it he threw lits weight a r o u n d , lie w o u l d n 't he considered a good ol I sty any more, aud he doesn’t want th a t," lie said. 

IT S ONLY ROCK AND ROLL, BUT 
Mavor COCKRELL recently m ade history by becoming the first San An­ tonio mayor to venture into the vener­ able Eastwood Country Club . . . She was there to present a citation to black p e r f o r m e r 
JOHNNY “ G U I T A R ” 
WATSON . . . it all has to do with the new way City Council candidates are having to campaig n these days . . . by the way. 
Mayor COCKRELL'S ap­ p e a ra n c e alm ost got a b ig g e r han d than WATSON'S . . . 

REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMIS­ 
SIONER 
JEFE 
WENTWORTH among those showing up for Mayor 
COCKRELL’S campaign headquarters opening. . . 

NOTE to Atty. Gen. JOHN HILL, considered a cinch to take on DOLPH 
BRISCOE in the 
197H elec­ tions . . . now that the farm workers are marching once again, don’t meet them along the wav . . . former Atty. 
Gen. 
WAGGONER CARR met the m a r c h e r s in New B r a u n f e l s in th e 
1999s and the meeting shot him out of the saddle in his bid to unseat U. S. 
Sen. JOHN TOWER . . . 

R EPU B LIC A N activist 
NEIL CAL­ 
NAN sending out a letter to friends in 
District S p u s h in g the ca n d id a c y of 
Republican 
PHIL PYNDUS for r e ­ election to the council . . . PHIL is the 
((illy incumbent who faces a battle with a fellow incumbent, councilman 
(O R D NIELSEN the way things are progressing. FORD, surprisingly, m a y be th e m o s t c o n s e r v a t i v e candidate running in any race bv the time election dav rolls around April 2 
CALNAN describes 
PHIL as a 
“ thoughtful, reflective m a n .” 

FORM ER 
Mayor 
Pro Tem 
SAN 
MARTIN lias put a $25o limit on indi­ vidual contributions to his ca m paign for mayor, but the other two m a jo r candidates for mayor don't have any such prohibition against big money . . . 
MON FREY received a ll.IMM) contri­ bution from former councilman E. J. 
BI RKE JR., while the Re-elect Mayor 
COCKRELL 
Camtujien 
Fund 
Com­ mittee has cards out soliciting monies in the amount of $59, SUHL $259, $599, 
$759. $1,999. an d “ o t h e r ” . . . and 
WINNIE YETTER, candidate for the council fro m D istric t K. r e j e c t s all campaign contributions it can t lie said that lug contributo rs have been beating tile proverbial path ti* MRS. 
NETTER S door . . . a few days back she reported she has spent a g ran d total of $9.24 oil her campaig n . . . that should be sufficient . . . 

S ID E L IN E w o rk by San A n to n io 
School District PR gal NORMA REED for mayoral candidate 
MON­ 
TREY while s h e ’s on the taxpayers* payroll i s n ’t real s m a r t polities on 
Mrs REED’S part . . . she's already picked Lip $1,999 from MONER EY 

AND LEONEL CASTILLO, Houston controller and trea su re r of the Texas 
Slate 
Democratic 
Executive 
Com­ mittee. will be the speaker for the a n ­ nual m e m b e r s h i p rec eption and in ­ stallation of officers of the Democratic 
Women of Bexar Count) state De­ m ocratic C h a irm an CALVIN GI EST will preside at the function, sc h ed u le d tor 7 l o p . in n e x t S a t u r d a y in t h e 
(u n it er Hotel s North T errace 

 of Mexican-American lineage . . . i f s a base canard, the candidate contends ... 

T H E A ustin p olitical c o n s u l t a n t s who w o r k e d w ith t h e S an A n to n io 
Teacher Council in the te ac hers’ push to elected State Reps. FRANK TE JE­ 
DA and ABF] RIBAK last year have been retained to work on Councilman 
GLEN HARTMAN’S re election 
. the c o n s u l t a n t s a r e v e t e r a n s of a n um ber of liberal ca m p a ig n s in Aus­ tin, in c lu d in g but not r e s t r i c t e d to 
M ayor 
J E F F F R I E D M A N ’S c a m ­ paign two years back . . . 

Around 
I own 

II (itch the neivsinnkers 

G O V E R N O R DOLPH 
BRISCOE knew whereof he spoke when he said he didn’t particularly relish appointing all those new judges . . . his San An­ tonio selections raised som e eyebrows among the legal fraternity, some of it legitimate and some of it jealousy . . . 
DOLPH could have avoided having to m ake the selections merely by insist­ ing that the legislature set the courts up to go operative on Jan. I. 1979, with the judges selected by the public, in­ stead of by the governor and the state senators, in the November. 1979. gen­ eral election . . . the answer the gov­ ernor and senators would give to that s u g g e stio n , of c o u rs e , is th e e m e r ­ gency, im p e r a tiv e need for the new courts to cut down crim e and pave the way for a new day of justice . . . yes indeed . , . 

ON 
HAND: 
Attorney 
AL 
KLEIN spotted reconnoitering at Bexar County 
Courthouse last week , . . right after 
BRISCOE made the appointm ents a n ­ nouncement with K L E I V s n a m e on the list . . . checking space, no doubt 
. . . and shaking a few hands here and then* . . 

A t The 
Capitol 

 l. an l n o c k in i i i s i i n 

DISTRICT 
19 council candidate 
JOHN STEEN will open his campaign headquarters at 6514 N New Braunfels 
Ave. from 5 19-7.19 p m. Monday . , 

A F'l'NDHAISER on lap for Mayor 
COCKRELL at Villita Assembly Hall from 5-1o p iii. March Hi . . . tickets are $5 apiece, and none will he sold al the door . . . the $5 entitles the ticket holders to a plate of Mexican food, m u s ic by the Rudy Tee Trio, spot ap ­ pearances af lither entertainers, and. alas aud alack, a few speeches hi the 
(lest political tradition 

 ult o 

I) as 
•pinch! rued 
1 ie Tex 
, ( um p 
I lid Ie; 

 la I* a* or Hie ta luxor I ILA cl. as Aluminum my located hen iderslup 

.‘cotton! ie thereat 
It 

Levi 

UNF! candidate iii a largely Me\i- an-Auiern an district claiming an op­ ponent, w tm bus run more often than a l a r c h bare bul proved a turtle at tile itiisli hue. is trying to ruin Ins rcpt! at ton . . . the candidate says the up- 
•uncut is passing around the word that ie (the candidate of th e first part) i s n t 

STATE Rep, JOE L. HERN XNDEZ of San Antonio, is all hut conceding any chance he might have had for appoint­ ment as U S. attorney is now gone by the boards . . . 

QU I FITLY, but surely, freshm an San 
Antonio Rep FRANK M. TEJEDA is making his m a rk here as very m uch his own man . . . check his voting r e ­ cord 
. . there 's clear evidence lie’s doing it Ins way , . . 

AUSTIN Mayor J E F F FRIEDMAN had his own explanation for the luck of turnout at Tuesday’s piddle hearing on tile proposed Coastal/Lo-Xaca lawsuit settlement plan 
I RIF.DMXN tidd ne w sm e n it was c l e a r e v id e n c e the people of Austin had confidence in the cliv administration and its negotiators to do the right thing 

\t last 
Tuesday's hearings on a bdl to abolish tile death penalty. San 
Xiitonio a t t o r n e y and f o r m e r s t a t e representative 
MAURY MAVERICK 
JR. r e c e i v e d loud a p p l a u s e f r o m spectators i i i the House ch a m b e r and gallery alter his testimony . . . then an even n i t e r thing h a p p e n ed . . . Sen. 
N R. “ BABE” SCHWARTZ of Galves­ ton took the mike aud told M WFR* 
It K “ that applause was not just for all the good things you said here today. 
Maury, but for all the good things you have done all your life" . . . 

S T A IE Rep HME VON DOH LENN 
House 
((institutional 
Am endm ents 
Commit tis* held its first hearing last week m a y b e this signal* a break in the l o g j a m ol proposed a m e n d m e n t s aw ait in g a i t io n in the House, including s. ti 
I R W K LOMBARDINO'* bingo legalization m e a s u r e 

H oi SF Inte rg o v e rn m e n tal Affairs t o in m i t t ce h ea rin g s on th e San An­ tonio pollee and 11re lighters sick pay 
Itcncfits re lieu I lull are now scheduled for Tuesday, March 15. according to the chairman, Hep (.lit LEWIS . . . this tends to discredit a rum or going lite rounds thut efforts might in* under way to delay the hearings until after the Xjtril 2 City Council elections. . . 

San Antonio^ EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 I 977 
* 
Page* 
5-H 

* cA^ 
.\V* «C. 

OF SAN ANTONIO 

DRASTIC PRICE REDUCTIO 
SAMPLES 
- 
DISCONTIP 
ALL LIMITED QUANTITY 
DAILY FROM ALL (SUR 
REGULAR DAM AGED FU 
THEM AT A TREMENDOU 

ON HUNDREDS OF ITEMS — FLOOR 
MODELS! M A N Y ONE OF KINDS! 
R e THEY LAST! G O O D S A R R IV IN G 
>RES. LFD BUDGET WILL HANDLE ALL 
FURE. AND APPLIANCES A N D OFFEft 
ICE REDUCTIONS*.. 
^ 

THEO 

LFD 
B u d g e t 
ONE W AY 

M A IO N E 
O NE WAY 
W. M A IO N E 
MINER 

ANO 
UP 

MATT 
OR 
BOXSPRINGS 
AND 
UP 
BRAND NEW REFRIGERATOR 
GAS RANGE 36” 
TABLE LAMPS 
4 PC. CONSOLE MIRROR SET 
ASSORTED PICTURES 

ANO 
UP 
FROM‘5oo-S1o 
AND 
UP 
AND 
UP 

AND 
UP 

SUGHTL 

JPC. Ibm FTT BEDROOM SUITE C R n ow*2 2 
8 PC. DINING ROOM SUITE J? now *455 
WHIRLPOOL AUTOMATIC WASHER new *235 
BLACK AND WHITE u ZENITH now *8 8 oc 

W/TWIN MIRRORS 
REG. $66o.oo 
WE SUGGEST YOU BRING YOUR 
TRUCKS AND TRAILERS DUE TO 
THESE GREAT PRICES AND SA V IN G S 
WE CAN NOT DELIVER. . . 

2o55 W. MALONE 
PLENTY 
OF 
FREE PARKING 
EASY 
CREDIT 
TERM 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEV/S— Sunday March 6 1977 

THU, M NI JAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d i t o r i a l s 

James P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O. Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 

William J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 
Gonzalez’ doggedness 

Whatever the fate of the 
House Select Committee on As­ sassinations, the colleagues of 
Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez under­ stand now, if they didn t earlier, that the Bexar County congress­ man is a dogged fellow. 

Gonzalez sent his resignation as com m ittee ch airm an to 
Speaker Tip O'Neill last week and the House leadership was reported in some confusion about what to do now. To those who have followed the congress­ man's career, nobody need have been surprised. The Gonzalez com mittee chief counsel. R i­ chard Sprague, moved in and tried to take charge, upstaging the authority of the chairman. 
The result was foreordained. 

GONZALEZ IS a rare breed among politicians. He is in­ dependent — with a small i. 

He was a member of the San 
Antonians city council ticket in 
1953 when he was elected to his first public office. He was soon to exercise his independence from that group by standing for the couneil-m anager ch arte r 
(with two others of the nine- member council). His political star had risen so sturdily that the first Good Governm ent 
League ticket had no opponent against Gonzalez. 

Subsequently, he defeated entrenched State Sen. Ozzie 
Lattim er, the estab lish m en t candidate, by a mere 282 votes and had to fight to keep the op­ position from maneuvering him out of the election. 

Gonzalez’ toughest election fight was against John Goode, 
Republican with 
President 
Eisenhower’s on-site blessing, rn his first race for Congress. No election since has offered se r ­ ious challenge to Gonzalez and lie got slightly over 85 per cent of the vote cast last time lie had an opponent. 

Gonzalez literally had to wage his early campaigns per­ sonally with relatively little money and only volunteers to help. It was enough. 

H E TAKES unkindly to op­ position. He is particularly up­ set by arrogant opposition. 
N ajeeb Halaby knows that. 
Halaby was President K en ­ nedy’ s adm inistrator of the 
Federal Aviation A dm inistra­ tion. Halaby proposed to move an FAA facility from San An­ tonio and a local delegation sought an audience with him. 
Halaby brushed them off. Gon­ zalez made Kl speeches in the 
House on the m a ile r before 
Halaby was removed from office 

Ed Foreman knows about the 
Gonzalez doggedness. Foreman, then a congressman from Odes­ sa. called Gonzalez **a pinko/’ 
Gonzalez hit or shoved Foreman 
(there are at least two versions ol the encounter) ami s u b ­ 

 sequently su cce ssfu lly c a m ­ paigned to get Foreman defeat­ ed. Forem an moved to New 
Mexico and was elected to Con­ gress there. Gonzalez went out and helped defeat him at the following election. 

CBS TV FILMED the death of a p rem ature baby at the 
Robert B. Green Hospital, called it malnutrition in San Antonio and showed it to A m e rica against the backdrop of Hem is- 
Fair 'HS. indicating people in 
Bexar County didn't care about hunger. 

Gonzalez castigated (’BS of­ ten and heavily, got a House in­ quiry that was sharply critical of the network’s documentary, and had CBS top b r a s s in an uncomfortable simmer. 

Gonzalez found scandal in the 
Small Business Administration and saw a former aide and an­ other person convicted and sent to prison. As a state senator, he met and defeated then-Gov, 
Price Daniel on a pack age of w hat Gonzalez called “ race bills'' — items dealing with 1957 era civil rights matters. 

He took on and handled what he called “ fake ethnics’ ’ who tried to keep him from speaking at St. Mary’s University and did keep him off the stage at the 
University of Colorado. 

HE 
MADE 
48 ll ouse speeches about the 
T e x a s 
Sharpstown 
S c an d als that cleaned out the top T e x a s leadership with Gov. Preston 
Smith. Those speeches were in­ strumental in forcing clean-up of the scandals. 
He refused an of/er of $14,11(1o worth of bank stock after he was made a member of the House 
Banking C om m ittee and has been quite circumspect in tak­ ing any campaign help for fear of a set-up. 
He rem ains independent. 
Further, he remains intimately acquainted with the people of his district. 
His latest show of strength in his district cam e at the last election. He had been promised a tough opponent after he a t­ tached the Gonzalez A m e n d ­ ment to the Safe Drinking Water 
Act, That amendment forbids federal funds where its use threatens a city's sole source of water. The am endm ent was aimed directly at the Edwards 
Aquifer and the urban growth there. 
The opposition never developed. 

We have no doubt that Gon­ zalez’ blunt handling of Sprague bothered the c o n g r e s s m a n ’ s colleagues. Others have been upset similarly and his steam ­ ing reactions would be his grea­ test weakness. But many San 
Antonians know of his dogged determination and the effective job he d o e s because of that. And that is an invaluable strength. 

LETTERS 

W I YOU m . 
MI MUMY OF WR OWN 15 LOCK tflERr 
Nancy was missing and nobody noticed 

It’s a classic case of thinking something that horrible could nev er happen to you. 

Crime only strikes the poor, the guy who spends his life behind a pool cue and a beer bottle, only the heroin ad­ dict 

B ut county co u rth o u se e m p lo y e s were jolted back to the sad reality last week that they too can be victims of the people who walk the courthouse halls 

 iii chains and white* prisoner uniforms. 

I knew Nancy Prest* casually, and I knew the day last December she dis­ appeared. 

Nancy, a probate clerk iii County 
Court at Law Ju d g e Carol Haberm an’s offices, was a quiet woman. 

She didn't torment children, drink excessively, steal or rob. 
Worrisome 
Naturally the discovery of her bones, spread eagle in a desolate area on a ranch located out in the county, is par­ ticularly worrisome to courthouse em ­ ployes. 

What's even more of a wonder is the fact that apparently no one had offi­ cially reported her two-month - old disappearance to the district attorney or sheriff’s office. 

Ju dge llaberman said she had been in contact with tin1 chief of police*, but there is some feeling iii the DA's office thai it should have been reported up there also. 

Jaunts 

N ancy’s work on the second floor sandwiched her between the sheriff's and district attorney's offices. 

Cheryl 
Coggins 

City Hall 

That should m ake her disappearance a little different from the 4o(1 to HOH reported every month to police. 

Probably like those who worked by her side day after day. I thought Nancy had taken off on one of her free-spirit­ ed jaunts through tin* countryside. 
I didn t get too upset. 

Nothing bad ever happens to people I know and Nancy probably had just run a wav, 

I. like others, should have been more observant and concerned. 

Som e things were different about this disappearance. 

She had seem ed happy that day at her work. She w as addressin g ( hris- mus cards before she went to lunch. 

She didn’t return from lunch. She didn't take her almost-paid for car. 
She didn t take any clothes and she didn’t flick up her two last paychecks before she was fired for “ abandonment of position.” 
‘Spaced-out’ 
“ No one w as worried because she was a just a spaced-out kid." a friend said. 
That friend went to N a n c y 's boy­ friend and wanted reassurance Nancy w a sn ’t “ lying u n der a bush s o m e ­ 

 where." she said. 

The boyfriend told her not to worry. 
Then he left town. 

He now is in Florida. Apparently law enforcem ent officers did not talk to him before he left, losing for police valuable clues to Nancy’s final where­ abouts. 

N a n c y ’s k ille r is a lm o st th ree months away now. Any evidence in­ vestigators might have discovered has eroded alongside Nancy's body. 
“ Every day that p a sse s sure does hurt,” an investigator said. “ Leads grow cold and m e m o r ie s a re dim m ed.” 
Something . . . 

Looking back, som e people feel so­ mething might have been done, the investigation launched a little earlier. if someone had trudged up the flight of stairs from Nancy’s floor to the DA's office. 

Ironically, the identification of the skeleton was speeded up through the quick actions of an investigator for the 
DA. 

He had heard informally, outside his duties as investigator, that Nancy had not returned to work. 

One of Nancy’s friends told him. 

If more concern had been show n him earlier for her disappearance, if any­ one had pressed the issue, he might have asked questions earlier which iii turn might have lead to lier discovery. 

She would still be dead, but the in­ vestigation might seem a little less h o p e le s s for officers who now must find a criminal with an almost three- month head sta rt. 

This n ew spap er w elcom es letter* from it* read ers. 
They should be short, not over 3oo w ord*. « * • ♦♦*•* •" “ *» be feigned. H ow ever, only reo der*’ Initial* will be use the request it m ode. Unsigned letters will not be pub­ lished. The paper reserves the right to edit ony letter tor length, good toste or legal reasons, letter writers must include their proper address and telephone number which will not be published — so the correct identity of the writer con be established. Send letters to P O. Sox 
21 7 1 , San Antonio, Texas 78797. 
Sensible power 

Sir: COPS recently got out and re­ gistered more than 1o,ooo potential voters. If COPS can get these people to the polls for legitimate elections, there is a chance that San Antonians will have to recognize the fact (hat (his city c a n ’ t s u c c e s s fu lly function a s a country town. lf they use these voters as pawns in petition-referendum farces, their hard work in getting these people registered will be an effort for destruction and more “ divisiveness.’ 
This city's administrators, sooner or later, wili have to do more than just discuss the problems that have existed, for more than 2(1 years: adequate stony) ( drainage, the need for a surface water source, and a water purification plant/ 
They will have to postpone som e of • the exotic type p ro jects that h a v e , gotten priority in the past: H em isFair and the construction of a m odern teaching hospital in the country club area, rather than in the vicinity of the 
Robert B. Green, as had been origin­ ally proposed. 
There have been too njany displays of affluence in a city with an over­ whelming number of poor people and many square miles of slums. There is a good possibility that the poor people will have a strong voice with COPS leadership. Em pty bellies and shacks to live in concern these people more than unique attractions for the tour­ ists. 
We can only hope that COPS power will be used more sensibly than other powers that have influenced city ad­ ministration. 
W. McCracken *■ 

Squ allers’ rights hi 
Sir: The old law of adverse posses­ sion could very well be applied to th F illegal alien dilemm a. 
This concept was used extensively in 
Australia in the early 19th century and in our own American West in the latter part of that century. The law is still valid and used quite often. 
»» 
I see no difference in claim ing ovy: ) nership of land and ownership of an identity in the form of citizenship. 
Jim Rouser 

Too cosily 

Sir: My main reason for opposing the * school bond issue was the air condi­ tioning part. As you know, President 
Carter asked us to lower our therm os­ tats to 65 degrees until our energy, crisis is solved. For the elderly like myself that is a m ajor sacrifice. Fop the elderly electricity is a necessity while air conditioning for students i&i. nearly a luxury. 
,, 
According to the Express. Dr. E li­ zondo called opponents of the bond' issue enem ies of children. For me. win*** worked with children 42 years, the’*, statement sounds very cruel. On the other side, I will not call those who, voted for the bond issue my enemies. I believe they are nice people but they just did not realize what a few extra dollars for utilities and taxes m eans to the poor, especially the elderly who are on a fixed income. 
Rupert Spruit , 
Capital punishment 

Sir: I commend you for the Bob Dale article (Jan . 9 Express-News) and the poll regarding televising capital pun­ ishment. 
I do not think executions should be televised. However, if this practice is permitted, I agree with Dale that the crim e which the person com m itted should be re-enacted im m ediately prior to the execution. 
I favor the death penalty for hideous crim es. Too m any people are coil-' cerned uljoiil the people on death row, and there is little regard or concern for the victim ami their family. 
I also commend Archbishop Furey... for his stand on capital punishment: 
The results of the poll speak for them-* self. It is an indication that a majority * of our citizens are for m aking our* country a safe place to live. 
Mayor Robert A. Kuhena, 
City of Hallettsville1 
'Soeialisl’ 

HEW cracking down on student loans 

Federal officials arc moving iii several directions to in s u re that student loan programs help the students — not corrupt offi­ c ials or profiteering school operators. 
\s a two*,veal* pro Im* into abuses iii tin* federal program s continue*. U.S. 
Department of Health Education and 
Welfare (HEW ) irfticials have gained new tool* to aid their huh!, 
More than 4o.IMM! T e x a s stu d e n t* have received federally g u a ra n tie d student loans from private lending in* botulinus since 19o9. 
Loans 
They have received the bialis for a lull range of program s from business aud trade school to two-year commun­ ity colleges and full four-year univ cr*, sitv degree program s. 
By far, most of the stu d en ts have received training from honest schools. 

Bill 
Minfz 
WM pl 

Federal Beat $ 

And Hie new HEU regulations will probably help the honest schools and lending institutions. 
T h e belter lenders will have more f le x ib ilit y ." 
HEW o ffic ia l 
Let 
Hardwick said. “ Bul the new rules really cut iii light on the had ones.” 
Hardwick said the new regulations include criminal penalties for abuses o| the program — a new feature 
And Congress has authorized HEW to hire exam iners and com pliance of­ 

 ficers to enforce the new regulations, which go into effect this month. 
In H ardw ick’s D allas office. HEW will station seven compliance officers and eight lender exam iners 
Sud an H E W -Justice D epartm ent task lo n e has sci lip shop iii Dallas lo continue criminal probes. 
“ There are going to he m ore c r i­ minal trials," Hardwick said 
Federal grand juries in Dallas ami 
San Antonio an* probing the loan pro- train s with eye toward both the pro­ prietary st Inn*| operators and lending nisi bullous 
\ Du Has-bu sed collect ion firm aud 
Us several of its officers have been conv b led on racketeering and hrilicry charges iii connection with the probe. 
Bribery 

Tw o fo rm e r HEW o ffic ia ls w ere convicted ol bribery in the ease. 
W hile collar crim e investigations are bilious projects. Asst. U S Atty. Boh 

Prather of D allas said. Indictments come only after deluded review of vo­ lumes of records 
Iii the m eantim e, lederal officials are waiting to si t* if San Automan Carl 
Ii Welding pays a *9(MI IMtO-plus judge­ ment levied against him iii state court here 

A jury ordered Welding to refund bialis to about I . ’>oo students at Ills trade and business colleges iii Texas aud clsew lief c. riie law suit se e k in g the refu n d s from Uehling was filed by Texas Atty 
(n it 
Jo h n Hill un der the state’s consumer protection law 
HEW s eiilorcemcnt effort is nation­ wide — not limited to Texas. student aid program s are a big fe­ deral project involving aiwan s4 > bil­ lion m loans aud grants in fiscal )HTH. 
Aud state aud federal officials want rn make sure the money goes to help students. 

■'N 

Kemper 
Diehl 

Politics 

Kl* in per Diehl is on vacation. His co­ lumn on politics will resume next week. 

Sir: Andy Slan e’s letter “ Private enterprise: A good exam ple" (Feb. 28*' is actually a good exam ple of tho,, socialist mentality which is so supers filial and pereniaily guilty of failing to sn* the forest for the trees. 
The problem of paint or glue sniffing is of a more serious nature than will la* resolved by introducing a mild irritant into the product lo deter the abuser of it. Smiling is a psychological problem and any person truly intent upon 
"e sc ap in g " from reality will not be deterred by a minor irritant. After all. alcoholics drink shaving lotion and the like when no other source of alcohol is available. And ju st take a look at the heroin addict who endures daily injec­ tions via a needle and the risk of disease and infection iii order to re­ treat Irom the challenges of life! Why should sniffers he deterred by a mild irritant if the “ trip’’ induced by sm il­ ing in worth it to their d isturb ed psyche? 
As the paint com panies’ spokesm an correctly pointed out, the resolution of tilts problem lies not in inconvenienc­ ing the legitimate users of their pro­ duels by exposing them to un irritating agent and a price increase but in addressin g the reasons why people resort to sniffing glue or paint. The numerous frustration* of our society, traceable either lo well intentioned but nonetheless harm ful government in­ terventions iii individual lives or to unfortunate and ill-informed decisions of individuals contrary to their own best in terests, are the root of the problem. And. as such, are the proper su b je c ts of action by people truly concerned with improving the lot of tin* individual in society. 
Robert Paul Sicurrllo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
★ 

* 
The disappearing college student 

Declining college enj^oUjnent f i gures worry edMcators 

. By JACK MAGAR RELL 
Reprinted Rom the Chronicle of Higher Education 

WASHINGTON — Enrollment reports from virtually every college campus in the United 
States now confirm earlier esti­ mates that for higher education us a whole this is the first no- irrowth academic year since 
1951. 

The federal governm ent's National 
< enter for Education Statistics now estimates total enrollment for last fall was down o.7 per cent from the pre­ vious fall. 
Compared with the final official fi­ gure of 11,29o,719 students enrolled in the fall of 1975, the center's almost- final total for the fall of 197fi is 
11.215,111. The totals include full-time and part-time students, whether or not they were enrolled for credit toward a degree. 
Dramatic? 
The end of 24 consecutive years of expansion w as all the m ore dramatic—and, for many institutions, traumatic—since it came Immediately after a surprising surge of enrollments in the fall of 1975. 
The 1975 total rep resen ted an in ­ crease of 9.4 per cent over the previous year, the biggest one-year rise in a decade. 

Within the essentially static grand total for 1976, the national c e n te r's one-year comparisons show the follow­ ing gains and losses: 

• Private colleges and universities gained 9.8 per cent in total enrollment, while public institutions lost l l per cent. 

• Enrollment of women gained 3.4 per cent. while enrollment of men lost 
4.o per cent. 

Private institutions reported 4.4 per cent more women students and 1.9 per cent fewer men. Public institutions 
.reported 3.1 per cent more women and 
4.6 per cent fewer men. 

• Part-time enrollment lost o.1 per cent, while full-time enrollment lost 
1.o per cent. 

Private institutions enrolled I per cent more full-time students and o.4 per cent more part-time students. 

• Enrollment of first-time students, freshmen and transfers, for all insti­ tutions, increased o.6 per cent. 

The increase in first-time students was 29.8 per cent at private univer­ sities, compared with 1o.3 per cent at public universities. It was 17.4 per cent at all private institutions, compared with 4.1 per cent at all public institu­ tions. 

• 
U niversity enrollm ents, public 

Few er stu d e n ts aim fo r the cap, g o w n and dip lom a v 

 and private com bined, lost 1.7 per cent, while enrollment declined o.1 per cent at other four-year institutions and 
o.6 per cent at two-year institutions 
The reported decline in total eiiroll- 

 ported enrolled last fall than in the year before—down from 1.1o1.935 in the fall of 1975 to 726.578 in the fall of 
1976. 

The loss of 375,357 GI Bill students in one year more than accounts for the loss of 75,6o8 calculated for total en­ rollment. 

The Veterans Administration said the sharp drop in veterans' enrollment followed the ex p iratio n of GI Bill benefits for more than 3.3 million ve­ terans last June. 

Veterans of World War ll, under the original GI Bill, brought college en ­ rollments in 1949 to a peak of 2.445.ooo. a total not surpassed until 1954. 

 ment was foreshadowed last fall by the 
Veterans Administration’s report of a precipitous drop in the number of ve­ terans enrolled. 
One-third fewer veterans were re ­ 

 p a c k e d 

Many classroom s were packed to capacity in those postwar years. Even so. for every IO students enrolled in 
1949. there are 45 enrolled today. 

The latest enrollment figures from the National Center for Education Sta­ tistics for the fall of 1976 are based on reports from all but five of the 3,o74 known institutions of higher education. 

Most reported final enrollm ent fi­ gure's, but national totals may be re­ vised later because only preliminary figures were available from some in­ stitutions. 

Last fall, the national center e sti­ mated a o.4 per-cent increase in total enrollm ent, based on rep o rts from 
1.475 institutions. The agency acknow­ ledged at the time that such a slight increase was well within the range of sam pling erro r and that m ore com ­ plete figures could show a slight de­ crease instead. 

Garland G. Parker, executive direc- 
4 rn* a f a ii i* a I I rev a n 4 r\ A I i A « » n n rl a / I i i a o 

 tional research at the U niversity of 
Cincinnati, estimated last October, on the basis of data from 688 institutions, that total enrollm ent m ight have de­ clined by I per cent. 

‘Agonizing’ 

Earlier this month, based on data from 1.593 institutions. Mr. Parker es­ timated the total enrollment decline at 
O I per cent. 

Mr. Parker said the decline provided an agonizing preview of what the im ­ plications may be of future losses. 

The Parker survey found specialized schools were bucking the general en­ rollment trend. For example, music, fine arts. and applied arts were up 6 6 per cent; theological schools were up 5 per cent. 

Graduate enrollments, according to the P arker survey, declined 5.4 per cent, following a 6.6 per cent gain the previous year. 

Urban losses 

Mr. Parker reported enrollment in 
Itll urban universities was down 1.5 per cent over-all and down 5 per cent for part-time students. 

The five institutions for which the 
National Center for Education Statis­ tics reported no enrollment data for the fall of 1976 were assumed to have the same enrollment they had a year earlier. 

The five u n re p o rte d in stitu tio n s were: Colegio de la Tierra in Califor­ nia, Rabbinical Seminary Netzach Is­ rael R a m a ilis and Y eshiva Beth 
Shearim Rabbinical Institute in New 
York. Colegio Cesar Chavez in Oregon and Southwestern Baptist Theological 
Seminary in Texas. m ericansare turning into junk food junkies 

WASHINGTON - The exem­ plar of American manhood is a harassed family man, with a paunch hanging over his belt buckle. His doctor has warned him to watch his diet. But be­ cause of a lifetime of poor eating habits, it may be too late. 

One in th re e m en in the U nited 
States dies of a heart attack or a stroke before the age of 6o. These maladies begin to undermine the health of the 
Flabby American early in life. He be­ comes the victim of overconsumption and m alnutrition at the sam e tim e, eating him self slowly to death. Ile stuffs himself with too much salt. fat. sugar and cholesterol. 
Measured iii calories. Americans are the best fed people iii history. Yet they are suffering, ironically, from acute malnutrition. The lack of wholesome foods in the midst of plenty, warns a 
Senate study, “ may be as profoundly damaging to the nation s health as the widespread contagious diseases of the early part of the century." 

Pushers 

An investigation by our reporters, including a visit to the futuristic food factory that packages lunches for Amy 
Carter’s school, indicates that Ameri­ cans pick up their poor dietary habits as small children. The food industry pushes its latest junk foods on chil­ d ren. like a neighborhood heroin dealer, while tile government watches passive^. 

I 
The seduction of the >oung starts early with baby foods. Infants acquire a taste for salt and sugar, which are added to c o m m e rc ia l baby foods. 
These seasoners are added noire to appease the taste buds of the parents than the baby. Some baby food com ­ panies are now removing sugar and 

Jock 
Anderson 

Washington 
C 

 salt from their products. But Gerber. which dominates the market, still uses salt in more than half of its baby foods. 
And many companies still add sugar. 
As fast as the children leave the crib, they take up ringside seats in front of the TV set. An estimated 5o per cent of all youngsters, aged 2 to ll. spend Sa­ turday mornings watching telev ision. 
They are bom barded with c o m m e r­ cials extolling the delights of su gar­ coated ce rea ls, candy, cookies and cakes. 
Nor is the appeal to the stom ach confined to children; the food industry pushes its products during adult view­ ing time as well. Most food com m er­ cials. according to the Senate Nutrition 
Committee, tout foods that are high in fat. sugar and cholesterol. 
General Foods has even gone into the schools to prom ote its cereals. The company has offered to purchase phy­ sical education equipment for elemen­ tary schools that push Post cereals, thus associating physical development with breakfast foods of questionable nutritional value. A reported 31.ooo elementary schools are actively huck­ stering the Post products. 
A g o v ern m en t stud y, not vet r e ­ leased to the public, accuses the fe­ deral government of ignoring the m al­ nutrition of the populace. The report, prepared for Rep. Fred Richm ond, 
D.-N.Y., c h a rg e s that even the go­ vernment's worthy efforts to improve food quality are uncoordinated aud in* effective. 

The A griculture D e p artm en t, for example, is supposed to keep a bene­ volent watch on the nation’s food sup­ ply. It should be public policy, c e r­ tainly, to promote and produceWhole­ some foods for the American table. Yet the A griculture D epartm ent serves child ren su g ar-h eav y p a strie s for breakfast and TV dinners for lunch through the school lunch program. 

Pre-plated frozen lunches are the latest fad, replacing the school cook and the dietician. This is particularly tru e in the in n e r-c ity e le m e n ta ry schools, whose children are most in need of healthy food. New elementary schools are often built without k it­ chens. 

Machine 

For example, the classmates of Amy t arter, the President's daughter, are fed by the international conglomerate. 
In te rn a tio n a l T elep h o n e and T e le ­ graph. Amy attends Stevens Elemen­ tary School which is mass-producing 
TV dinners. We dispatched our r e ­ porter, Jim Mint*, to the Morton food factory in Virginia where the lunches are assembled for Amy’s school. 

White-coated executives gave Mint/ a tour of the plant, where he beheld the wondrous machinery behind the daily fare of A m y’s sc h o o lm ates. T hese lunches begin in on vinyl-coated alu­ minum trays, which pass along un as­ sem bly line u n d e r vario u s loud faucets. Mashed potatoes piped from across the plant plop into u tray. But­ ter squirts out of the next faucet Upon the potatoes. Vats of vegetables wait to la* siphoned onto the trays. 

The finished servings are frozen iii place and the trays are shipped off to 
Stevens Elementary and thousand of other schools across the country. The frozen food may not Ik? reheated and served to the hungry youngsters for as 

 long as six months, depending upon the logistics. Morton officials conceded that some v itam in s are lost in the freezing-reheating process. 

The Morton executives laid out some typical school lunches for our reporter to sample. Ile opened an alum inum bag co n tainin g a san dw ich , and it spewed out a shower of grease. The em barrassed executives in white has­ tily mopped up his soaked notebook. 
(The other lunches were bland but good.) 

Mintz also sam pled M orton’s new super-nutritious doughnut, which is supposed to supply school children w u h m any of the v ita m in s of a home-cooked breakfast. But to hold the vita m in s. Morton has to load the doughnut with extra tat. And to keep the fat from going rancid, a preserva­ tive had to be caked on. 

A nother thing. 
The n u tritio u s doughnut is expected to holster the sales of M o rio n ’s ru n -o f-th e-m ill doughnuts, which arc heavy on sugar and light on vitamins. 

^ 
H o w t h e y ra n k 

The 3o largest universities and university system s are ranked below according to enrollment of full time students, as reported in the 1976 fall survey by the University of Cincinnati’s Garland G. Parker. Full time and total enrollments reported by Mr. Parker also are shown. 
Full tim e 
Total 
Rank 
Institution e n ro hm cri* 

1. State University of New York ............................... 
2. California State University and College System 
3. City University of New York................................... 
I. University of California 
....................................... 
5. University of Wisconsin System .......................... 
6. University of North C arolina................................. 
7. State University of Florida S y stem ...................... 
8. University of Texas System . . . ’. ............................ 
9. State University and Community 
College System of Tennessee ............................... 
1o. University of illin o is............................................... 
II. Pennsylvania State University ............................ 
12. Ohio State University ............................................. . 
13. Oregon State Higher Education System ........... 
11. Indiana U niversity................................................... . 
15. University of .Minnesota ......................................... 
16. University of Maryland ........................................... 
17. University of Missouri ............................................. 
18. Michigan State University ..................................... 
19. University of Michigan ........................................... 
2o. University of Tennessee ......................................... 
21. Louisiana State University System ...................... 
22. University of Puerto R ico ....................................... 
23. Purdue U niversity..................................................... 
24. Texas AfcM University System ............................ 
25. Bulgers University ................................................... 
26. University of Washington ....................................... 
27. Southern Illinois U niversity................................... 
28. University of Colorado ............................................. 
29. University of Cincinnati ......................................... 
3o. University of Massachusetts, Amherst .............. 

225,161 
342.855 
182,543 
323,o28 
122,469 
2o3.415 
119.843 
128,648 
1o8.62o 
143,374 
83.681 
1o4,8o7 
71.4o2 
1o7,1o2 
69.o61 
92.255 

52,433 
83.914 
5o,952 
58,312 
49.36o 
67,138 
47.116 
53,844 
46,813 
6o.548 
45.13o 
77,947 
41,857 
55,656 
37.998 
6o.27o 
37.145 
52.o48 
36.496 
47,796 
36.168 
45.823 
33,857 
48.55o 
34.325 
16.967 
34.134 
42.3o7 
31,318 
12.888 
31.171 
36.363 
29,731 
16.191 
27.121 
35.277 
26.336 
35.823 
26.o92 
— 
— 
_ 
23,752 
38,271 
21.o85 
---------- 

'R oots’ African tours popular 

N f W v o w T IM IS s o v i e t 
NEW YORK - "Routs’’ - The book by Alex Haley and the eight-part tele­ vision series based oil it — has inspired a rash of tours thai include the West 
African republic of Gambia. 
The first organization to set up a package Unit will take travelers to 
Gambia Is Henderson Tours, ut Atlan­ ta. Ga , which was has specialized in 
“ heritage" tours to West Africa for 2o years. 
Other tour operators are planning to oiler similar packages, anti still more are arranging excursions to Gambia as offshoots of their existing itineraries in neighboring Senegal. 

One new tour target is Juffure. the mud-hut village on the Gambia River where Kunia Kinte, Haley's ancestor, was seized as a slave in tile I St Ii cen tu ry before being sh ip p ed lo 
America, and where relatives of the av Titer still live. 

“ Mr. Haley’s ancestral village has no stores or gas stations and is reached univ by dirt roads or along the river," sa,vs David E astm an of East-West 
Holidays of New York who visited it last month. “ But it seems that thou­ sands o! Americans are intent on going there." 
MEDICAL 

Destroy them with freedom 

WASHINGTON 
- 
The 
“ human rights” issue iii the 
Soviet Union has the Kremlin terribly upset. The question is why? I posed this problem to my good friend Gregor, a minor functionary at the 
Soviet Em bassy with high 
KGB connections. 
‘ "Gregor," I said “Why on earth are you people so excited about a few malcontents in your country7 
Surely you. as the first or second most powerful nation in Hie world, call stand a little criticism from a few dissidents who march to a dif­ ferent drum m er." 
“ Is personal matter aud none of your business' 
Gregor said sour­ ly • 
" I ’m not chiding you. Gregor, for your stand. 
I said. " I ’m just cu r­ ious why the full power of the stale has come down with such force on a handful of men 1 Is the Communist system so fragile that it can t allow one or two people to complain about the political condition rn your country.'" 
Gregor scowled “ Do you want detente or don’t you want detente.'’ 
“Of course, I want detente." 

Art 
Buchwold 

Light Side 
C 

“ How do you know he d o e sn ’t have a follow mg?" 
“ I nisi assum ed it." I said. "I can’t Indiese, (rom what I read in the Soviet press, that these people are nothing more than maniacs who belong iii mental institutions. Do they really have muny supporters in your country?" 
“ We don’t know and we’re nut going to find out," Gregor said. 

 any harm. He answers ail his mail 
Ifs a habit he picked up when In* w us selling peanuts." 
Gregor hit his fist on the table, 
“ Well, we won t stand for it How would you like it ii Brezhnev wrote to one el your dissidents, Ronald 
Reagan?” 
Nyet 

"Then stop asking me such stupid questions ” 
"Gregor, that’s no way to talk to a friend who gave you an entire set of blueprints for the Edsel. I’m trying to understand what m akes your leaders tick. Why do you keep a r ­ resting |M*oplc for speaking out for a little more freedom?" 
"There is no suck tiling as a little freedom." Gregor said 
I here is either freedom or no freedom. America wants lo destroy 
Us with freedom." 
We do not,” I protested “ We like you just the way you are. But 
(rankly, you're very boring people. 
5 oil keep saying the sam e tiling over and over gam 
Ifs nice to hear a fresh voice from Moscow every once in a while, even if he doesn’t have a following " 
Ir 11 
1 
■"«»- 

Capitalism 

"Gregor, you sound frightened. 
Do you really believe that a few writers and scientists would drive you into a free state?" 
"Not a free state — a capitalist state. We don’t want any part of capitalism." 
"I don’t blame you. Ifs a messy system . We have gas sh ortag es, coffee al 63 a pound, and you can’t even find a parking place when you want it. But surely S a k h a r o v and 
G in/burg and a few others don’t have it in their power to make the 
Soviet union a capitalist country." 
"May In* yes — may he nu liut that is for Us to decide. Just because we buy your wheat docs not give your 
President an excuse to write to one of our traitors." 
“ President C arter didn t m ean 

“ I wouldn t mind. hut I don t think Reagan and would like it lh* might want to run for president in 
I OKU and a letter from Brezhnev would kill his chances. 
“ Why should A m ericans care what we do to our writers aud scientists?" he shouted at me. 
“ That s a good question, Gregor 
We shouldn’t cure hut we do. I guess you could call ti one ut our weaknesses We hate to see people anyw here locked up Im* th e ir thoughts, ll you were a last Isl country many ol us would feel the suine way." 
Gregor stared at me. “ This is your last warning. Slay out of our internal affairs, or else." 
I lei used tu blink. "D on’t threa­ ten me, Gregor, or I ll get Presi­ dent t arter to write Sakharov an­ other letter." 

( <mturned trout Page III 

 way General has hist only one m a lp ra c tic e ease 
($15,ooo), but there are 29 o th e rs 
“ in v a rio u s stages," so he must keep three m anagem ent peo­ ple tied up with pap er work and routine check­ ing, 

Does this m ean then that a lot of "defensive medicine" is practiced iii 
Ins hospital? "It s con­ siderable." the admmis- lra to r a d m its, ad d in g, 
“ The hospitals and the doctors — we’re all con­ cerned." 

W hen th** lab and drug charges were individua­ lized, there proved to In* 
13 of the fo rm er; also, eight m edical ions had been prescribed. 

Failing 
Seven years ago, Helen and Bill Goodman moved to Florida lo have tin* sun all year long Bill says they had "a little poke" aud Social Security as well But three years ago arthritis and Parkinson's 
(a slow, progressive dis­ order* ol the central bruin system causing tremors, stiffn e ss, re s tr ic te d movement) put Helen in a nursing hom e, T he costs ran us high as 
$2o,ooo a y e a r. C are w UMI I t h e b e s t 

When his wife began to fail. Bill brought lier home. When she turned c ritic a l, he telephoned 
Dr. Chance, who ordered the patient into the hos­ pital. 

“ She was frail and dehydrated,” the doctor explained “ Worse than when I last saw her. I had to do those tests They w ere ail O FFE N SIV F. 
They told us something about her condition 

I la te r showed the 
Goodman hill to several oth er do cto rs 
None found any fault with the ag g ressiv e p rescrib in g by the young internist. 
However, ttiere were several quibbles 

• 
Mrs. Goodman was given tile hospital s rou­ tine veneral disease test 
(customarily, $9, Mrs 
G oodm an was charg ed 
$18). 
She also was charged $io for two bac­ 

 te ria c u ltu re s; $51 for lour sensitivities; $28 for two blond counts — aud 
$21 b e c a u se seven lab tests were marked "stat meaning "rush ” 
• 
The 84-year-old wo­ man was charged &16 fur a d ietary su p p le m e n t, which is mixed with or­ ange juice As the doctor said. she needed fluids 
Bill Goodman doesn’t 

 know any of this. He was m ailed the generalized hill. Ile knows only how lie feels: em pty, bitter, thwarted, even cheated. 

Days a fte r we first spoke, the widower sent the hill with a note, say­ ing. "I don’t understand a bill of tins amount for one day s confinement " 

From New York. the 
Health Insurance Insti­ tu te re p o rts that the average A m erican over age 65 spends $1,36o on health ta r e every year. i bis total is six aud a half times g reater than the e x p e n d itu re ol the teenager under 19 years 

And iii W ashington, a leading 
I lilted 
States government s|H>kesman for health—-Dr. Theodore 
( ooper, form erly assis- taut U S. secretary for health — (las warned that we are iii the 
"most crippling inflation ever to grip the health sy stem It w ill not suffice lo con­ tinue business as usual 

Hi1 culls on every doc­ tor aud every consumer to exam ine health care 
♦ and Its costs "with re­ spect to suitability, effec­ tiveness and need ’ 

IN MONDAY S 
NEWS: What 
Is One U lt Worth? 

1 dMjV'/ 
$%<**. jfQifr t-fjfg 
';*,v^w»; * ‘«c,*cy?* /?**, •>. * • ?. N.--v 4. . . 
., 
« ■.. • 
■.,.. v^.f*-- 
* 

1892 
1977 

San Antonio Bank 
SP Trust 
M E M B E R 
EDI C 

SAN ANTONIO BANK & TRUST BUILDING/711 NAVARRO/(512)227-5151 

TWIN 
MATTRESS 
OR V 
BOX SPRING 

Or buy both pieces for 119.76 

Queen and 
King sizes sold only rn i i e a c h 
PIECE 

INNERSPRING OR SEROFOAM POLYURETHANE 

Hurry! Don’t miss this great buy. Now you can enjoy good linn support. With scientific sag resistant construction. Plus hundreds of innerspring coils (4o4 coils in the king size alone). 
Or choose 5' j-in. Serofoam polyurethane. Its equally firm. 
So rise and shine, and rush to Sears. 

KING SET ress, springs 

[Sea?] INCOME 
TAX SERVICE 
Oaken Splendor brings out 

 the best in country styling 

Prices Good thru Thursday, March 3Isl 

B e d ro o m su ite 

Dining room suite 

I se S e a rs fcasv 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 6 1977 
Page 
I-J 

 i 
— 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

■ 
* 
- 
- 

Sears I Firm-support mattresses or box springs 
TOUR CHOICE OF SIZES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 
Sears 
Custom Sale 
OFF o 
Labor on ALL 
Custom Drapes 

(Lined with Royale lining) 

Choose from a selection of fabrics . . . solids, prints, patterns . . . all in today’s wanted colors! 
Sears will fabricate drapes to fit your decor and enhance any room. Hurry in now, and save! 

 f 'lj, 
E 
-tip, 

• Yr 

}■ 

Get personal at­ tention from Sears decorators. 

Y 

_ ic, 
•'TU v — 

V - 
- 

I 
W 

Dependable quality based on rigid specification*. 

Expert installation of all custom win­ dow treatments. 
25% OFF 

Excellent Selection 
Upholstery Fabric 

Decorator Shop Prices (.nod thru Thurs.. March 31st 

2o% OFF...Sears 
Best Selling Lamps! 

Sears most popular lamps are offered at a big savings . there is one to fit your decor! Modern . . . Traditional . 
Early American. 

Sale Prices Good thru 
Satiirdav. March 12th 

Ail Custom Woven Woods; 

All Custom W indow m inds 
25% OFF 

Choose from an assortment of color* and styles! 
I hese woven woods and decorative blinds add beauty indoors while providing privacy. Hurry, save now! 

4 7 .9 7 reg. $ 5 9 .9 9 

STD. 
KING 

Regular $8 
Regular $11 
Regular $12 

Two layer construction of 9o r i polyurethane foam and IU'» polyester fiberfill lur resiliency and firmness. Perma-Prest cover, zippered at one end. removes for wash­ ing. Non allergenic and odorless. 

Standard 2ox25 inch 
Queen 2 o x 3 o inch 
King size 2 o x 3 6 inch 

Sale Prices on Pillows Good thru Monday, March I Lth 

Carpet and Drapery Cleaning 
Call 6 5 6 -8 1 o o 

 the label of confidence 

You'll find this label on all Sears carpets with lull descriptive information. See our many fine values and 
P check this label now! 
SAVE 3o% 

Carpet at our 

Lowest Price iii 
15% to 2o% OFF 
Fluffy pillows in 3 sizes 
^ years* 

Regular 
$ 12.99 

Andrea III is a dense shag plush nylon pile carpet with a subtle hint of pattern to add eye interest. Available in 16 colors that range from soft to shocking, this rich and lustrous carpet is resistant to soiling and stains, ideal for most settings! 

Suit- D rift* Good th ru A p ril 2n d 

Iwe 

.'-ii 

Call for FUEL estimate 

Downtown Pluza Store 
228-4123 
I 
MRhary Drive Store oust 
228-5o23 
I l^i Central Park Store 
C ^ 11^ 
228-5123 
Where America shops 
Ask About Sears Credit Plans 

8 L A K 8 , K O U ! LICK AN Ii CO. 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad al Nuturro 
Mon. and Thurs. o :3 o *o 
All other day* o :3 o -b 

M ilitary Drive Store at Pleasanton ltd 
Mon. thru Sat. 
o .3 o *o 

Central Park Store 
San P-dro al Loop t IO 
Mon. thru Sal. 
o .3 o -o 

A 
* 
4 

\ j 

► O O O 

D O D O 
© O C 

25-1 NCU 
DIAGONAL 
MEASURE 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday March 6 1977 

IOO on console TY... three styles, all 1oo% solid-state Sears 

Your Choice 

O ne-button color with 
A u t o m a t i c F r e q u e n c y 
Control. Adjustable. 

1 o o % s o lid -s ta te c h a s ­ sis gives your set the de­ pendability you want. 

44 24— The Wesleyan 

Regular $ 6 5 9 .9 5 

$2 o off! Portable black-and-w hite TV 

19-inch diagonal measure 
Regular S Io o .o 5 picture for easy viewing. 
1o(V>» solid-state chassis, 
I e a rp h o n e jack. 
J L j i 

*5o off! TV with rem ote control 

Remote control TV has 
... i n . 
, 
R e g u la r S 1 o o .o ,) 
FMn. diagonal measure picture, 1(H)'« solid-st att chassis, light sensor. 

Sale priced thru Mar. .’l i s t . 

4 4 7 4 1 — The Smith 

25-inch diagonal mea­ sure picture for a big 315 square inch screen. 
-Save *2o to *5o on Portables 

S u p e r C hrom ix^ black matrix picture tube for vivid, realistic color. 

IO O '* oolitl—la ir c h a s s i s x i v e s y o u r sri tin- de­ p e n d ab ility Null expect. 

51161 
S im u late d TV re ce p tio n 

Television sale prices iii effeet ihrti Sal.. \p r. 2. except model 122o1 clitch i- sale priced thru Mar. 31st. 
A ll-f restless 
19.2 cu. ft. refrigerator never needs defrosting 

Sears Price 

£ Rig capacity! 5.7 cu. ft. freezer, 13.53 cu. ft. refrigerator section. 

• Adjust cold accord- ing to h e a v y or norm al usage in each section. 

• Magnetic door gas­ kets help seal the cold in, keep warm air out 

• A ll-fro s tle s s , so there’s no messy de­ frosting! Frost just can’t form. 

S a v e $2 o on six-stitch Kenmore 

Buy KENMORE 
Appliances with Confidence 

You get th *** Kenmore custom er benefit* 

1 
C u ll o m * ' satisfaction 
2 
S a 'm e a a availably nation wide 
3 
D e liv e ry e n d in s ta lla tio n a v a ila b le a * pert at m e p u rc h ase price or et en add* lion ai ch arge 

4 Quality end dependability 

5 
W ide selection 

 t 
Se e rs h a s a credit plan to aud m ost ovary need 

Aah your salesperson 

 tor full details 

 ki iHisifv V ilid as fsicarx 

 zig-zag 

 k en n lo a*. Solid as [Sears 

Frost less 19.1 en. ft. 
Coldspot si<le-bv-side 
*449 

Sear* price 
Sever defrost! 

Regular $ I 19.UU 

 ast dial your stitches to sew zig-zag, raight, blind hem or 3 s-t-r-e-t c-h itches. Also dial to buttonhole. Sew- lg light. Foot control. 

Sale Price iii e lle n thru Sulunlav, Vpril 2 

Sewing machine ruM^ 
IQ95 start as low as I- / 

H ead 

O n ly 

 dewing machine cabinets 
* 4 4 
M art us love a* 
I 
I 

Roomy 12.79 t*u. ft. refrigerator and 6.31 cu. ft. freezer will n ev e r b o th e r you wit) I niCnny defrosting. .Magnetic door gasket* effectively 
.-eul iii cold. D eep d o o r d iehe*. crisper. 

Vie (service what we well, nationw ide 

See Scare, co m p lete line* o f h o m e appliance* 

No m onthly p aym ent until February on Scar* D eferred Fu*y P ay m e n t Plan. 
( T h e r e nill In* a finance charge fo r th e d e fe rra l p erio d .) 

Sears 
Value-priced washer, dryer pair 

Buy KENMORE Appliances with Confidence 

You get these Kenmore customer benefits: 
^ 
1. CUSTOMER SATISFACTION— over 9o years of it prove we stand behind what we sell. 
2. WE SERVICE WHAT WE SELL— prompt service available, and large inventory of repair parts 
3. DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION— these services are always available as part of your purchase price or at ar additional charge 
4. QUALITY AND DEPENDABILITY— designed and m anufactured to meet Sears high standards for performance, durability and dependability. 
5. WIDE SELECTION—lines with large selection of models for most fam ilies needs and budgets 
6. CREDIT— Sears has a plan to suit most every need, including extended payments on appliances. 

Ask your salesperson for full details 
Kenmore. Solid as Sears 

K e n m o re tlrv e rs re q u ire h illie r e ltT tr ir a l o r pas c o n n ecto rs w hich a r r not in c lu d e d in tin* p rio r >hown 

Heavy-duty 
Kenmore washer 
$189 

Even in a low-priced washer, you get the versatility of two pre-set water temperatures! Trim console construc­ tion helps save on space. Agitator gives gentle but thorough washing action. In white. 

161o1 

SALE! 
Save s4o on 
Lady Kenmore 
13-cycle washer 

Regular $399.95 

66151 

Ask about Sears Easy Payment Plan 

We service what we sell . . . nationwide 

See our complete assortment of home appliance values 

359 

26931 

Has the revolutionary Dual Ac­ tion agitator! 13 cycles—our most versatile selection. 4 water levels plus extra low level, self-cleaning filter, much more! In white. 

Rugged Kenmore electric dryer 
*139 

Choose between heat or “air only” cycles for added washday versatility! 
And you also get the convenience of a timed termination system. Drum- mounted lint screen makes clean-up easy. In white. 

Kenmore automatic washer 
*219 
L a rg e -c a p a c ity : 38'< m ore w ashing space th a n in our sta n d a rd -c a p a c ity w ashers. 
W ash/rinse com binations are pre-set. White. 

Permanent press electric dryer 
179 

66111 
261o1 

C o tto n s tu r d y , p e rm a n e n t press, or “air only" settings for all your washables. Easy-to- clean top-mounted lint screen. 
In white. 

Sal** price* on appliance* in effect thru Apr. 2 
BIG DOLLAR BUYS 

 l 'hhwhiiwiw##; a 

 iv 

 t - |w . l u l h r i H i i n 

• i i . . m i l l . 

Hake wart- assortment 

I l a - l l I U M In i m - 1'. 

L i u n i i r * l i . i ' k t - i 
» 3 

I 

 each 

 u n i t | d a * i i * ' w a r » - 
2 for 

< l » * a i i - u | t n e e d s , r o i i k w d i r a n i l | d a » l it* w a r e 

■ a ma ti* * • - U l l i n * I n w r ti* 

M ' 

 lr.i.h 

•maine r» 

••Hill, tub 
Kill'll! II ll It l l . l l . 
T stainless assortment 

 for for 

 t . l a » . « . a r e . k d r r 

 d u a l k ill* ! 

Itu m lri bd.k< 

2 s a l r r i n * i 

Cleanup. Inn min a m t kill Ii* i i ani* 

A 

H u l l M b b • n i r r . m l |>d<l imp! each 

 brush dinl h u lilfi j 

IU I n A l i i . I 

.Id lllb '.a 
*l*-**l 

I 'U l l r r , 
I 7 •J***, set 

Vt<m.iii-ii kitchen louts 

 for 

Because these houseware item *are a special purchase quantities are lim ited, so hurry in for these (treat bu>s! 
I Ills All I * O I ll Vt OKU 
It is hacked by *Scar* Advertising Policy which re­ quire* every advertised item lo la* .supportcd iii each store with sufficient merchandise . . . It we should run out of any reduced price item during the side, we will reorder for you at th** sale price, This doe* not apply to special purchase, clearance aud closeout 
Sides where quantities are tin ti led 
Sears 
Where America shops 

K l AHN, IU it.HUCK ANIMO. 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

\ special pint hast* iImimjJi not 

 reduced is un e\eepti«tnul tuluc 

I low tilo w i i P la z a S to re 
Soledad at Na*arr** 
M in i a n d I bu rs. 9 .; t ll- ‘l 
All triller d a is 9 iJ U A 

Aliliiari l i m e *i**» r al ItraMNlMi Md, 
M o n I tiro *at. 
**uM I 

Central Park Store 
*an Pedrt* al I uop (IU 
V|**n. Ibm Sat, 
»» U l- 4 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I 977 
Page ‘ 5-J' 

 on 2o-inch designer vanity complete with white, vitreous china top 

7o I.» 
► All-level washing action for efficient cleaning 
• Pot and pan cycle with 3 detergent wadies 
• Sani-temp . . . give# dishes a 155° final rinae 
• Power Mir»er snitch helps conserve energy 
• No pre-rinsing . . . no messy filters lo clean 

R ( placement installation fo r o n ly ............... *5 o 

Jo b includes labor lo reconnect to cotie approved plum bing and electrical systems. Additional charge for perm it and carpentry work if needed. 

Regular * 3 4 9 .9 5 ... Sale ends Mar. 31 or while quantities List 
24995 

IiifttuUdtion extra 

I se Sears Easy F o m e n t I Man 

T i l l s h i is o i it M i n t o ll i* bat k.**• I Ii) St ar- V*I* terli-ing Polit') sloth if* quilt- o i l ) 
<t|»ifli-ic| item to lie -iij»§»«*i t«*• I oi calli ft ore still -of In tent menhantli-e . . . It st* rhoohl run out of ail) re* 
(lot t il prirt tl Hem iluriuc the tale, se sill rem tier for >ou at the -ale prne, 
I hi- iloe- mil a|i||b to 
•pct 1*1 pun lia*e. i leal* iiitr ami fluaotll -ale* s here q u « n titic » are limited. 

1 3 .IIT. K e n m o r e 
1 j -111* d i s p o s e r 
54 r h 

Regular **69.99 

I tutti s a -te ili-p o -e r 
Ila- a p o w e rfu l '.**111* iiutlor. 
• p m k ittotiul 
• itllar. 

( (impactor for 

I r a s h d i s p o s a l 

’s e a r - P r i c e 
199 

 t o|i\eiiieiit 
-tep-oii il o p e n e r 
Muir liamU 
It i c , t olor- 
• li a is e I rout. 

11 TTI* 
Sears 

 b u s ; 3 9 - g a l . c a p a c i t y 

• Dual dense fiber glass 

 insulation Kelps reduce heat 

 l o s s from tank . . . helps keep operating costs ( l o w i i 

• AN itll S e a r s T'j-year warranty 

 on lite glass-lined 3o-gal. tank 

• *1 lame w itll a brain” thermostat a d j u s t s furl input 

 lo water use rate, helps keep 

 u p w i t h u s a g e 

1o-gallon w ater h e a l e r 
129 
5 o -n a llo n w ater h e a t e r 
' 1 3 9 

A special purchase, though not ie* dueed* is an exceptional value. See this dependable water heater today ut \ our nearb\ Seat s. 

I ult o lif > t .ii v*,o 1 .oil* tm M iller lit .tit i 

I t l l Mill 
* 1*41 h u m <ljl> 
III (HH I I m - ' , m|mM *mIII Si J I* 
- h i l l ii *« ,ilt | Iii all i i> i ii-I a I It ii o u i tt(M t a l i t l in ai • t or a,ii it t ** oil (bt idol t utii -.ti*, St .ii - m ill; 
I lh |ia o tit I t l l - in ii i. i l t t i a l h i *»Mtl*iiiaii-lii|». l o t m | 
«liar^t ; 
J 
I i i i i i i . i i Mini u i - l a l l it m s < i m t i l l hmm!* I s a l t t b i a l i I ut 11| ital i a| >.ii tis ami i|lialil\. ( i i i «• I t liar it , ii a bab in t iii- iii tbt* lank 

I limit ti sari.oil* nil l a n k - lli.it it al* 
\l!t*r Milt star and until |urtml ut tun 1 -lait ti ll ton tin daft- ut pullka-i, ll a b al* mnil• iii tin tank, st* —ill honidi a im** t lint ut Hindi I **a!*i lit atli »*l • qual ti 
(tat o* anti t |u a b ls . |ii»lallalltiu rxtia 

I ti t d i t a i u 

S e e * 1 o tm S e a r s k i t c h e n lancet 

•>*>99 

IL*-1—I— b a king a ud drip* ping b* t an-* it - w a-he r- 
I*— ( b r o i m - p l a l i d . 

- ' . R o o 
*r.n> 
Ha-lterl**— kilt In ti lato rt with rin-t*r 

- p i . i s 
2 } { w 

W h e r e A m e n c a s h o p s 

*» <SM* NttOU i IS 4,SM IU 

$ a t u 
* ( u v t i o n 
( t i n t t u n n e d o r Y o u r M o n e y 
H o c k 

VII Sale P r i c e * b o o d t h r u Vpril 2 m l e w e -pl.. W a - l i e r b — b a t h r o o m la t te r ! lilt it M a r c h 21-1. a u d all r V o e i l o d e ! lltr u M a r c h 2 tilt. 

I !#»*» m u * , st e t a it a * | t t r t 
***b »ta*l a t V a i a u t i 
( l u l l a n t i I l i n t* . *• MMI 
WI m i n r t i n . •!, UM* 

M ibl.tr* |l t t * t s |t t t a t IM. a a m . . . . b t l d i n t i i . it. - ti ll MI *1 

| Ii. I llti tit I tot III - 11 MO * I n u t .I i l l I U * a m i u r u i ' o - t m * 

I . til. * a i t 
'Mig It u n i t t a I h l 
H a r t * VV h i t b a . It a t l U t m v V 
(i? I*WI I 
I ti.,1 IMI 
Ititl.m III H,*»*,»*V!U 
* ti 
I n o t i * a l I it. ll* * I C a t ll . t . k . I M d. 
(•Alb 7 IMI 

SALE 
99 

R e g u l a r $ 8 6 . 9 9 
Faucet extra 

The big news in bathroom decorating is fashion. And the Sears d e­ signer line of vanities sports a lot of great looking detail. Choose moisture-resistant w hite or wood grain color. Lither will make your hath or powder room news. And both have white china tops. Give your bath or powder room a new look I 

21 in c h v a u it v in w h i t e o r w o o d g ra in c o l o r , w ith wliite v i t r e o u s c h i n a t u p . 

."Ut i n c h v a n it y in w h i t e o r w o o d g rain c o lo r , w ith w b i t e v i t r e o u s c h i n a to p . 

Save '2 5 oil d esig ner m ed icin e cabinet 
Y o u c a n install t h is m e d i c i n e c a b i n e t in m i n u t e s . AV all m o u n t e d in w h ite o r d a r k w o o d g r a i n c o lo r lo m a t c h Sc a rs d e s i g n e r \ u n i t y . 2 5 ' 2x29x8* * in. overall. 

Save **1o on Sears w a te r le s s faucet 

Y o u d o n ’t n e e d to w o r r y a b o u t th is la v a to r y faucet d e v e l ­ o p i n g leaks o r d r ip s b e c a u s e it leis n o w a sh e rs. A s p a r ­ k lin g a d d i t i o n to y o u r total f a s h io n look. 

Save '7 on Sears AN a fe r S aver to ilet 

\\ e call it th e W a t e f S a v e r b e c a u s e it u -e s a lot less w a t e r t h a n c o n v e n t i o n a l toilets, d e c k . m o d e r n d e sig n in b e a u t i ­ ful w h ile , v i t r e o u s c h in a . 

Save '3 on lift-o ff to ile t seat 
P u t t h e lid a n d scat iii ail u p r i g h t p o sitio n a n d lift off for easy. t h o r o u g h c le a n in g . A v ailab le iii w h i t e a n d a w id e se le c tio n of colors. S t u r d y p la stic c o n s t r u c t i o n . 

Regular S II 1.99 

Regular S H 4 .9 9 
124" 

Regular 8 6 4 .9 9 
39 " 

Regular 8 3 9 .9 9 
29 " 

Regular 8 7 6 .9 9 
69 " 

Regular S i5 .9 9 
12" 
SAVE * IOO 

• • • 
The Econom izer our efficient water heater that’s made to help slow costly heat loss 

S p e c i a l p u r c h a s e 
119 

Son Antonio EXPR6SS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

Estella Trevino: 
Beauty shop to public offices 

B y V E R O N IC A S A L A Z A R 

From a beauty shop operator to justice of Hie peace to execu­ tive director of a housing auth­ ority is a lot of miles but Estella 
Lane Trevino walked them with no hesitation. 

The territory that she has covered has brought her a feeling of satisfac­ tion because sin* has had the oppor­ tunity to help people 

 lier present position a s executive director of the Edinburg Housing 
Authority is perhaps the g r e a t e s t of them all. vile feels, because it involved helping the elderly. 

It all started some lh years ago at 
Red Gate, a ranch 14 miles north of 
Edinburg, where Estella lived with her parents, six brothers and sisters and lier grandmother. Her family was the first to settle in the immediate area and eventually other families moved in Most of the other families consisted of elderly people. 

An Edinburg native, she is the daughter of Jack and Estella Palacios 
Line. She recalls having a very happy childhood at Red Gate, lier father be­ lieved in his children staying at home instead of going out to work. 

For this reason young Estella had a l"t of free time lo spend with the old folks on the ranch Her mother worked a s a postmistress lo supplement the family income. 

After graduating from high school 
Estella went to beauty school At the age of IS young Estella bought her sister's beauty shop for the grand sum of $4o11. A year later she purchased another one which she operated until 
I HH:}. 

Mrs. Trevino's involvement in the community goes back to the early 
194os, when she did volunteer work as a nursing aide during World W ar ll. 
She was the first member of the Edin­ burg nurses aide corps to win a second stripe for running up a record of 55o hours tif work iii a local hospital iii less than a year 
Corporal 

Slit* also volunteered iii for the Wo­ men's Motor Corps and lost* to the rank of corporal Slit* learned all about civ il defense. 

 lier first encounter with implies tame when she worked to help get the city chartered. I ii 1959 slit* was ap­ pointed justice of the peace and was elected to the position in 19o41. making her the first Mexican-American wo­ man JI* in Hidalgo County. 

Slit* says slit* felt like a pioneer iii a new field for women. 

Estella la n e Trevino 

 around the elderly instead of being around youngsters of her age Then she could only listen and observe. Now she is iii a position to give them a helping hand and make life easier for them. 

15o units 

When Estella took over the housing authority. it consisted of 15(1 units. Now it has 494. including 122 units for the elderly. 

Her o th e rs are iii the Towers — a modern multi-story building which houses IOU apartments for the elderly and disabled. When she came on board five years ago there was a stigma on public housing. One of the original projects, Albores, which consisted of 
KHI units, was considered dangerous. 

Mrs. Trevino was often (“ailed during the night to come solve some sort of trouble Police used to make from five to six trips to the project every night 

Now things have changed. "Albores is a happy place to live. They are like one big family. The residents work together, plan special parties and celebrations, and take care of their living quarters." she says. 

During her four years in office slit was continuously fight­ ing for the rights of the people — particularly those of 
Mexican- 
American s. 
She ex­ perienced acceptance and prejudice, frustrations and satis­ factions. disappointments and rewards, victory aud defeat. 

Election time came and the oppor­ tunity to help the people was taken away from her — she was defeated. 
Shortly alter the primary sin* was in an accident which confined her to bed and kept her out of work for almost a year. 

" I felt very bitter when I lost the J P election for I love Edinburg and its people. And I didn t and still don't believe in trying to win an election by mud-slmging. nor on my opponent’s mistakes, but on my own record for fair dealing aud honesty." she says. 

Let down 
She felt let down and went to McAl­ len to work as an auditor for a hotel. 
In 1972 she was approached to apply for her present position. She was se­ lected from among 17 applicants. Her housing projects are El Jardin arid 
Albores. the original lad, plus the 
Towers, Lantana and La Posada. She has requested an additional 15(1 units because housing is badly needed iii the city. 

" I have a very soft spot in my heart for the old.” says Estella "They had such beautiful stories to tell . . . all the things they had gone ttirough. I learned so much from them. Many (rf them live on so little and they can still make it. 

"O ver the years they have learned how to manage their little bit of money to maintain the essentials to have a good lite. My grandmother was a great influence in my life.” she says. 

Her 97-year-old grandmother is still living Estella recalls preferring to tx* 

Socials 

The housing director has started a variety of programs, including scout tromps, sewing and arts arid crafts for the ladies, cooking tor children so they can learn how to fix a meal while their mothers arc working and covered dish parties so the residents can get ac­ quainted. 

She has also helped organize tenant organizations so they can hold social events such as bingo parties and movie 
I hart* a very soft spot iii m y heart fo r the old . . . I learned so much from th e m ' 

 showings. 
Under the 
Senior 
Community Service Employment Pro­ gram a new facility has been added to the Towers — a beauty shop. It is operated by a Towers resident and is for use bv residents of the housing project. 

Mrs. Trevino has many firsts i ii her community involvement. She was the first Mexican-American president of the Hidalgo County Democratic Wo­ men; first 
Mexican-American treasurer of the League of Women 
Voters; first Mexican-American wo­ man and only woman to hold the office of president of the Valley Association of JP S and Constables and first Mexi- can-Ainerican president of the Housing 
Association of Valley Employes. 

She is past v ice president and past treasurer of the Business & Profes­ sional V\ omen’s Club of Edinburg. She serves us vice chairman of the Arca 
Agency on Aging Advisory Committee and on the national committee for el­ derly programs. Mrs. Trevino recently returned from Washington where she was one of 35 to Im* named to the Com­ mittee for Programs for the Elderly. 
She is the only Mexican-American wo­ man from Texas sen mg on the com­ mittee. 

In 1976 she was the first recipient of the "Housing Director of the Year 
Award” by the Association of Valley 
Employes. In 1974 she was awarded a certificate by Uh* Texas Department of 
Community Affairs for her dedication, enthusiasm, and creativity ii i her ser­ vice. 

Save $26to®5o on steel belted radials in sets of 4 tires 

Save on single tires and 

 pairs, too! W arranted for 

1o,ooo miles. 2 steel belts 

 team-up with 2 polyester 

 radial plies to help pro­ 

 v id e re s p o n s iv e h a n ­ 

 dling, excellent traction and long mileage. Stop 

 in soon. 

Spurs Sippi 
I .ii ii nim..im H.nlill mill (iii! lire 

Ke*!illar liripp ph. whitewall 

*..|p l*r»* c ea, w h it♦ xvitll 

 plus 
K F T . 
PU. lirr 
VB 78-13 
44.52 
37.81 
1.99 
BR7H-13 
17.22 
MLI I 
2.o6 
DR78-II 
49.83 

 rt 
5 
J 

2.38 
ER78-11 
53.83 
% 
2.47 
EB78-I 4 
57.19 
IO I 
2.65 
GR78-H 
92.o2 
52.72 
2.85 
11H 78-1 I 
67.58 
57.44 
3.o4 
G R 78-13 
65.7o 
55.85 
2.9o 
IIR78-15 
69.81 
59.3-4 
3.11 
LR 78-15 
84.56 
71.88 
3.44 

Prices Good thru Saturday, April 2 

Sears highway passenger tire warranty 

Full warranty during first 25% of usable treadlife lf the tire fails apparently due to a defect in material or workmanship during the first 25% of the original usable tread (original tread less 2/32"). Sears will replace the tire, free of charge, or refund the purchase price. 
Limited warranty 
Tire failure, lf the tiro fails apparently due to a defect in material or workmanship after 25% of the tread is worn, and tor the remaining 75% of the original usable tread, Sears will replace the tire or give you a refund, charging you only tho proportion of the current price plus Federal Excise Tax that represents the portion of the usable tread used 
Tread wearout. lf the tread wears out (2/32" or less remaining) before you receive the miles specified. 
Sears will, at its option, either replace the tire or give a refund, charging in either case the proportion of the current price plus Federal Excise Tax that represents the ratio of miles of usage actually re­ ceived to the miles specified. This does not apply to wearout caused by improper inflation, misalign* ment, or failure to use and maintain the tire as recommended. 
To obtain warranty service, simply return the tire to the nearest Sears store throughout the United States. 

A s k a b o u t S e a r s c r e d it p la n s 

M o u n tin g ; a n d r o t a t io n in c lu d e d 

Guardsman radials for small ears 

2 fib er glass belt*. Sam e w arranty as shown except no tre a J wear­ out w arranty. Low pricer! 

S p u r s I . ii.ir iln i iiu ii 
S p u r ! I{iiili.il a m i d ill l i r r 
* r a r s p r i c e 
M a r Ii w a l l p l u s 
K F T . 
155-12. 6.oo-12 
2 9 .8 8 '\ 
2.17 
155-1 .’I, 5.6o-13 
29.88 
1.67 
175-1 4,6.95-14 
29.88 
2.o7 
155-15, 5.6o-15 
29.88 
1.91 
165-15, 6.oo-15 
29.88 
2.o3 

Guardsm an Belted* 

2 fiber glass belts plus 2 nylon plies 

 for stability and good tread m ile­ 

 age. Cheek these prices! 

C u a r d s m s n 
H r l l e i t a n i l d b l l i r r 

S p a r s p r l r e s l iilp w a ll 

 p l u s 
F e d e r a l 
- A r is e T a x 
< 78-I it 
28.88 
2.o1 

D78-1-4 
29.88 
2.12 
E78-1 4 
3o.88 
2.26 

KT8-I4 
.32.88 
2.42 

<478-14 
.34.88 
2.58 

1178-14 
.36.88 
2.8o 

<778-15 
.34.88 
2.65 

1178-15 
.36.88 
2.88 

L78-15 
39.88 
3.12 

‘ Warranty a k t n tbtnr tppUn rirepl an tread wearrat warranty 

•STV 
SAVE *3 
Heavy-duty shocks 

4 
" 
■ 1 earl. 

\\ ar ranted for as long as you own your car! F it most Am erican-m ade cars, imports, pickup trucks 

 and vans. Fast, low-cost installation available. 

S S o f f B o o s t e r s h o c k s 

2 
4 
” 
, . . , 

Fit most Am erican-made cars front or rear. 

Brice* ( ohm! th ru M art'll 2f>lh 

Limited warranty on Haavy-duty shock abaorbar for aa long aa you own tho rabid# lf Heavy-duty shock absorber fails while the original purchaser owns the car. it will ba replaced upon re­ turn. free of charge, or the purchase price will be re­ funded lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new ahock absorber with no charge for labor, lf the defective shock abaorbar was not installed by Sears, installation of the replace­ ment shock absorber is not included under this war­ ranty This warranty does not cover ahock absorbers installed on vehicles used for commercial purposes 

B attery p e r fo r m a n c e ch ara cte ristics 
B attery C o u n cil I liter n atio n al 

...— 
........................ Js— urn- r a m r_ ra te d for p o w er a c c o rd in g lo sta n d ard * (G r o u p 2 IC ) 
( old cranking pl! a r r 
Rrsorvo rapacity 
Hour 
| 
Number r jp jfitv 
I o f |ibte» 
41o am p,. 
112 minute*. 
6 7 h i t 

 sin* I* married to Josh* L uis and huh one daughter. 
Trev mo 

Maintenance-free, you never add water 
S A L E *8 off Sears 48 battery 
99 

Save *8 on Sears Penske inductive tim ing light 

Penske- Sears Hest! Fast, easy to use. (.lip s on #1 spark plug w ire no need for adapters. 

Includes carrying case. 

Reg. S t 1.99 
99 

O ffers excellent cold cranking power and reserve capaci­ ty. I up or side terminals. Free check of starting/charging systems. F it most Am erican made cars. 
Sea rs 21 niuintenanee-l rec batteries n e ve r need w ater 

(G ro u p 2 It , 2 l l , 221* ) , start as low us 19.‘>9 w ith trade in. 

7* o f f I O W - 3 o 

M o t o r O il 

 f t O c 
Beg. ,»9* 
M q|. 

Full range protection. 
$14.16, 24 qt. case— ................... 1248 

$2.99 oil change kit ................... 1 ,9 9 

32 

Sears 
R ecti a Car 

U v u la r S4o.<>*» 

Sears Rents Cars 

Rent a car for a day, a weekend or longer For reservations, call 
224-1793 

Use your Sears charge card. 

CM and other fine cars available 

36 

Muscle tour slated 

Ntw VO** lisp V SttVlCf 

NEW YORK — Arnold Schwarzen­ egger, the Auntrum-boro star of the movie “ Pumping iron.” will he Uh* host of a tour to the Mr. Universe aud 
Mr. Europe co ii tee ti* in Mimes ut 
Southern France next November 

He will travel to .Mimes with the group, conduct seminars and take members backstage to meet the 

Bodybuilding expert* from about W) countries are expected to compete in the lightweight and heavyweight divi­ sions of the two contests, 

The lour departs New York on Nov. 2 and returns Nov IU, and the price per person of $699 includes round trip a ir 
(are to Sue plus bus transportation lo 
Mimes hotel moms ami cont mental breakfasts and discounts on tickets to the contests 

Save *25 on en g in e an alyzer 

Meg. $139.99 
I I T 
” 

Performs 3o electrical unit ignition tests with proles* 
•anilid arrurary, 

Save *6 on ig n itio n an alyzer 

Hr*. $35.99 
2 9 " 

I ln*t'k» H BM -riling* fur carb u reto r adjustm ents, point resistance, d w e l l , 

Good th ru 'I h u n , Mur. I lith 

Warranted complete brake job* 

Sears 
Where America shops 

SLAMS. Milk.Mill * ASO CO 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Front-end Alignment 

H.*guh»r $ 1 2 .9 5 
C ^ 8 8 

Front-end alignment for curs even with air conditioning. 
Torsion bars. Parts extru. 

Dow ii low ii Plaza Store 
Soledad Ml Navarro 
Automotive Hour*; 
Mon. and Thur*. 7:3o-9 
All other days 7:3o-6 

25.ooo mile w arranty 
LIM! 111) « ARHAX IV lf mmSm .*', OOO mile. 

 u t »*-b t* l» UM- « f l r r III I r l U l t u u i t * b r r * . I n t u i t , 

 u r d b , i n d a b a b t ii, u h p*i> «t> 
*M i<yr* 
««(urb . DM 41 UU ** Hill ftllliu-h rrjib ««*• »• b lim p o f tim ( m b f e n «f i W p 
Vwu *>»b | mv i m u I U i u h i n u t | » « i s l e * UR ill! p . d e n t s * . ut 

 kuniiitrt mill»** mali} rn rn* ii 

$79.99 

 front and 

 rear drum 

$89.9*1 

 trout disc 

 rear drum 

Other automotive 
Prices Good thru 
Sat., March I ‘2th 

69 

79 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Boud 
Automotive Hours; 
Mon. thru Sal. 
8-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop I IO 
Aulmolive Hours: 
Mon. thru Sui. 
8-9 

M .H J iH O K IK K tD STOKES (most items and services -bown also at Neighborhood stores) 
I iii versal City 
\a lle v -lli 
9o2 Bandera Bd. 
18oo S .9 
, 9 bile Bd. 
1633 Pal Booker Bd. 

671*5511 
432-2391 
333-291# 
658-7491 

RED silk poplin suit with ivory and navy striped shirt is a spring-summer blend of tailoring and femininity. Note the n a v y carnation. By Jerry 
Silverman. 

Sharing 

o spring-summer styling cues 

 turnip- 
Men and women are taking cues From each other this spring and suniftier in matters bf dress, v 
Happily, the result is not unisex clothing/ 

You follow arr picking up on a fashion formula women have followed for years — putting separates and coordinates to­ gether for an individual “ look. 
It takes a bit of skill, but de­ signers. m anufacturers and retailers are so sure you’ll get the knack of it that they’re turning out more and more se­ parates for men. particularly 
. in the leisure wear category. 
No. the leisure suit hasn t disappeared. It has m erely changed components and has become more sophisticated (if you men don't object to that word). 

Rather than the form er cookie-cutter concept, where slacks and jackets matched exactly and were purchased as one unit, today’s leisure suits are composed of separate hut related parts. 
You might have inter-related colors between tops and bot­ toms though not identical pat­ ters. Or the same pattern in harmonizing colors. The parts can he related by detail, color, pattern or style for an endless variety of leisure “ looks.’’ 
If s fun fellows, and ii pro­ duct's handsome non-conformi­ ty. Stretches tho wardrobe, too, as all women know. 

W onion 

Meanwhile, designers and m anufacturers are learning how to handle the so-called 
“ man tailoring” in clothes for women. 
Spring and sum m er are coming on softly with less emphasis on the strict tailoring of fall. The Silverman costume at right is evidence of one way tailoring, femininity and the popular bright colors can he combined tor maximum effect 

J By ~— ----------------------- 

MILDRED WHITEAKER 

E G R E SS MEWS W OM EN S EDITOR 

Femininity is the key to the new season, not Parisian fan­ tasy. lf you want to look like an affluent Russian peasant, that s up to you. But American de­ signer^ are favoring an ethnic look of our own — the Southern belle •— and are interpreting it in big skirts with petticoats in everything from sundresses to ballgowns. 
What could he more feminine than ii full skirted, basque- waisled, off-shoulder gown? Or sexier than one hared shoulder? 
A lot of the new femininity is peppered w ith a sexy touch. 
Waistlines are hack. although few dresses are designed! w itll a seam around the waist. Belts do the trick and mark the waist where you want it 
Or dresses can go beltless, as they do in some of Ralston’s new summer offerings pre­ viewed for the press last week in both Acapulco and New 
York. 
His new day-into-evening dress shapes range from an unbelted, kimono-sleeved style in mocha crepe de chine to a black crepe with capelet top, fill I-easy skirt and tightly wrapped midriff. 

In general, daytime skirts are fuller, and hemlines, keep the status quo. Nobody talks 

American designers aren't com pletely discounting the flurry of miniskirts in the Paris spring collections. But they emphasize that the American versions are “ strictly sports and playwear” and belong in the same category as the many shorts invading the slimmer scene. 

Bright reds, pinks and blues are favorite colors in the new women’s wear. balanced on the other end of the spectrum by white, off-white, chamois and the whole range of “ non-co­ lors.” Pale violet shows up of­ ten 

There s emphasis on natural libers from pure silk to cotton lawn. And expect a flurry of opcn-weave fishnet or “ dish­ rag” knits in summer sports­ wear. 
Men 

Natural fibers are also im­ portant in men’s wear, as well as multiple choice in colors. 
Natural tones — off-whites, sands and beiges are predo­ minant in dressy clothing. But you fellows can he as colorful as you like in leisure and active sports clothes 

Cool-good looks predominate iii suits — with vests continuing their popularity right into summertime. Two-hutton coats remain the best sellers, and three-button single-breasted styles are gaming new accep­ tance. 
For more spring and summer fashion, turn the page. much about lengths these days. 

A 
EX PW ESS-NEWS 
Scene in 
Men s, women s fashion section 

^ 
Sundoy March 6 1977 a Page 
I M 

SEPA RA TES to put together the w ay a man chooses offer the newest concept in leisure dressing. Jacket and vest in blue cotton denim are paired with white slacks. By Dior Sport. 

... time for ... ftandollnoS 

G irls . . . jum p on the fashion b a n d w a g o n this S p rin g with our b e a u tifu l g o * everyw here B an dolin o Shoes. The excitem ent s startin g! See o u r low a n d high h e e l• ed sand als, w edges a n d flats to com plim ent your S p rin g w a rd ro b e. The Shoe Box greets spring with these b e a u tifu l "B a n d o lin o fashions, a n d m any other styles a n d 

 colors to round out your busy d a ys a n d evenings. 

Holily 

White Kid 
Camel Kid 

* 2 4 ” 

 h 
X vt ▼ 

Ii-W 
% 
& 
I 

 tv 

AsF 
WINDSOR PARK 

MON. THRU SAT. 

IO a.m. ’til 9 p.m. 

• NORTH STAR • 
MON. TUSS. THUR. PRI. 
IO a.m. 'til 9 p.m. 
WCO. A SAT. IO a.m. 'til 6 p.m. 

• WONDERLAND • 
MON. THRU PRI. 
IO a.m. 'til 9 p.m. 
SAT. IO a.m. 'til 6 p.m. 

Exclusively O urs 

Travis Park Jewelers 

Next to the Blue Bonnet Hotel Lobby 

. 
428 N. St. M a ry s 

TRAVIS PARK JEWELERS! 

. 428 N St. M a ry s 

Next to the Blue Bonnet Hotel lo b b y 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday March 6 1 9 7 7 

E L L IE 
G R O S S M A N 

 marriage, “ until they de­ ckle to have children." 
Mostly, today's couple d iffe rs fro m others in that they have lots of op­ tions. T raditional w ays and means of m arriage are slowly accruing other ways and means which in turn m ay become tradi­ tional. 
For example, the Wall 
Street J o u r n a l. T u b e r notes, “ says the average w edding costs $1,5oo." 
Well, why shouldn't H IS father shell out for some of the expenses'.’ 
W hat's to prevent hers from saving a few appro­ priate words when he's 
“ presenting" her to the pale young m an beside her? 
And where is it written that both p a re n ts or g r a n d p a r e n t s or A u n t 
Alicia can't accom pany them down the aisle? 

( lo e d 
Coed show ers are be­ com ing routine — “ i f s ins stuff, too." 
But for all that, wed­ dings are still highly sty­ lized. no m a tte r how th e y ’re co n ceived and performed. 
On that day, “ you dress in som ething wonderful and decorate your home or church or hall with flowers, and you say cer­ tain w o rd s that are meaningful to you, and you inv ite people you care about to intensify their meaning by overhearing. them." 
You hire a band or a piccolo p la y e r, and 
“ everyone toasts the cou­ ple and then you break bread together, which is one of the m ost b a sic needs of people." 
And today when it s all over. the b r id e s m a id s find they have an evening d r e s s they can w ea r again. 
And. in m any cases, so does the bride. 

 before T he ir combined per cent of Brid e's 314.ooo income, for she usually readers expect to work works, is SIH.9oo. and 94 for a few y e a r s after 

N E W 
Y O H K 
- We can't verify this. but as we were leaving the edi- t o r-in -c h e if’s office at 
B r i d e ’s M a g a z in e we could have sworn a D is ­ ney c h ip m u n k s c a m ­ pered down the hall with a wreath of posies in his mouth. 
And there was a plump bluebird over his head, twittering about eternal love. 
Probably it was just a fantasy. But. then, for today's bride, the ritual of m arria ge involves as much fantasy as ev er and p o s s ib ly a good deal more sentiment. (Which may be a reaction to the fracturing of the family we keep hearing about.) 
Whatever. m arriage h a sn ’t slackened ut all, a c c o r d in g to B a r b a r a 
Toller. B rid e 's editor-in- chief. 

K ii> t 
T w o per cent of all 
A m e rica n s m a rry each year. w h ich c o m e s to 
4,HOO,(MMI people, 75 per cent of whom arc m a rry ­ ing for the first time. 
W hile “ there's no mon­ olithic bride and no one way to get m arried." she said. statistics do allow for some generalities. 
Our bride is now ‘JI.4 years old. Ten years ago. she w as IS 
H er b rid e ­ groom. who used to be 'JO. is now j:i or J I 
Most of both have at- 
I tended college and. while we don't know about him. 
To per cent of the women have been In mg at home. 
She and he are engaged for a year, longer than 

W HITE calfskin and natural gabardine team in imported Vaneli sandals with stacked leather heels. Both white and rust are 

 available at the Shoe Box. mn shaw moou obuann photo bv ion jones 
*77 colors rich, clean 

■I 
• 
' 
H i * 

I 
-aper- natural 
I j L r I I § 
I he n e Ii natural s 
I V A I f f 

 e c r u I r< ail! bel .-■• k h a k i . H 
W 
A 
J f l M 
’ < 
' w H 
K S S h B 
Infest green, salmon 
8 9 
1 
1 
I m P i l l ) ' n u l l p a l e s 
•.• I . . 
I ^ 

'n sin I! p ink 

|||,! 
~ U l ' !> v" m r pall ei] in tuns aud throes 
U h - n u , , l . r U 
,'urlh 
S H 
H 
S H 
B 
H 
K 
I tnnes. b u r g u n d y , nav y f 
*nr,P[ and blank — all < leaned I iii) w it Ii p u r e whi t e , t h e ' I 
M B H B B B B M H W B tug ba s t e color t hi s sea- I 
I 

S c a r v e s 
I 

H u n 
" 1 a r \ es h e e m n e i 
^ 
. v - - ^ 
H ie Iii:; e n v e r - . i p - t il ts 

Sylvia Whyte’s 
Brother & Sister sets (also available singly). Splashed with pink, blue and white. Bright rabbit-and-carrots applique. Sizes 
Medium to Xtra Large 
Ladylike Shoes 

 for Ladies 

• A M A N O 

• THOS. CO RT 

• JACK R O G ER S 

• FLO RSH RIM 

• PENALJO 

• D.G REEN 

S H E R A L Y N m odels a Juenelle chiffon gown with lace bodice and cuffs, sheer sleeves and chapel train. Juliet cap by 
T&G Bridals is beaded with seed pearls. 
From La Feria s House of the Bride. 
Both sexes favor sleek footwear 

Why not invite her to a Merle Norman 
Studio’lf each of you makes a $6 Merle 
Norman cosmetic purchase.each of you is entitled to buy five of our most tempting beauty enhancers for just $2. 

WOODWIND 

W h e th e r th e y ’re 
T he flat shoe is back la d y lik e or fan ta sy- lo o k in g great w ith the prone, the new shoes are new full skirts. See it iii mostly sleek and femin- b a lle rin a s , fis h e r m e n nu*. sandals, or espadrilles. 
------------------------------ t ------- 
I lo' s a n d a l w m-. tor da> tim e wi th a h ig h e r heel. se x ie r fe m in in e look and iii all colors. p S W f N H W 
N B p u m p s a n d l o t s 
I- 

 rl ll I I J U B B B B B I dressing. There are more v a n a t ions on the e sp a ­ drille wedge. b or evening, the see­ through plastic shoe and the ribbon-tied black sa ­ tin high e r heel are the new kickers. 
Fo r him, the trend is toward lower heels and narrower toes. 
Linen and leather com ­ bos promise to he espe­ cially popular, as to two- c o lo r c o m b in a tio n s. 

Troditionol Imp 
^ 
I 
Eton Suits for 
£ j ' K 
^ 
Handsome Boys. 
^ w. 
Pale yellow, pole blue, navy, or crisp white, v 
Sizes Toddler 2 to Regular 6. 
\ 
Fancy pleated front skirt. Her darling Anet K. has pleated collar with inserts of European 
„ lace. White with Ecru sash and 
> lace. Sizes Toddler 2 through 
/ Regular 6. 

 o v 'M m 

Clearance Sale 
14 Kl. Diamond Watches 
Latest Hamilton Shockproof 
Models 

I O O rr R ixx i v m h o f vkiih cu t J frtm d ln>m trb » U 4fv 18 th ro u g h A p r il JO. 1977. I 
| ©» u h ik >uppttt» U»t Ri-Uerrrubkr only At tim eotpurclvitc 
. 
I MERLE noRmnn c o sm m c s t u d io 

I 
3 1 o Soledad. Downtown 
Phonos 3 3 4 -3 3 o 8 
| 
| 
I 34 Torroll P lata. Austin Hwy. 
Phonos 8 3 3 -5 3 o 9 
| 
I 54 Control Parti Moil 
Phonos 3 4 4 -4 9 7 3 
I I 5 South Port. Mail 
Phonos 9 3 3 -1 3 9 3 
183 Valloy Hi Mall 
Phonos * 7 4 -8 5 9 o 
147 W onderland Shopping City Phonos 733-83o1 
1o3 McCroloss Shopping City 
Phono: 533-9381 
W indsor Pork Mall, upper laval Phono: 6 5 3 -1 6 1 3 
I 

Downtown 

South Pork Moll 

Wonderland 

Shoppers City Moll 

Convenient 

Locations 

1o1 Diamonds complete with fabulous dou­ ble row diamond bracelet. 4 carot total weight 
R ag. $ 5 o o o .o o 
N o w 
* 2 4 9 5 ° ° 
64 Diamond Hamilton complete with double row diomond bracelet 
Rog. $ 2 7 5 o .o o 
N o w 
* 1 2 9 5 ° ° 
3o Diamond Hamilton in newest Marquise 
Design 
Rag. $ 12 5 o .o o 
N o w 
* 4 9 5 * ° 

34 Diamond Hamilton. Complete with match­ ing Diamond Bracelet, 
Reg. $ 1 2 5 o .o o 
N o w 
* 4 9 5 * * 
14 Kt. 6 Diamond Lady Hamilton watch in the newest Marquise design. 
Reg. $ 4 5 o .o o 
N o w 
* 1 9 9 * * 
1 2 Diamond 14 Kt. Ladies Hamilton. Yellow gold 
Reg. $ 3 9 5 .o o 
N e w 
* 1 9 9 * * 

2 Diamond 14 Kt. White Gold Hamilton. 
Tiny Petite Round Design. 
Reg. $ 2 o o .o o 
N o w 
* 9 9 * * 
Park Free Up to I Hr. with Purchase 
At Son Antonie lank I Trust Cor age. 
Cask, Budget, layaway, BankAntericard 
Master Charge, American Express 

In a nutshell . . , the best fit possible, the most comfort possible, and the most value possible . . .all coming together with nice, contemporary styling that you can dress up or down, as you wish. Isn t that what s important to you when you re looking for shoes? 
White, bone, navy, red ^ ^ - 

Her precious Marshall Sinclair eyelet embroidery pinafore drtss— dashed with pale blue ribbon— wilt capture the day. 
Silts 7 to 14. His vested suit (vest is reversible) by Jock Tar. Soft but sturdy gabardine in medium blue or in brown-and white houndstooth check. Sizes 7 to 14. 
SIZES ARE OUR SPECIALTY! 

6 Vt i i I 6-11 j 
4-11 ["5-1o 

ANO WE BELIEVE IN FIT! 
NATURALIZE!* Shoes 
435 RecoUta Road 
(I flack W ad af a te s San Padra) 
3 4 2 - 5 9 o 1 o r 3 4 2 - 5 5 9 4 
NORTH STAR MALL 
W IN D SO R PARK MALL 
3 4 1 - 4 o 1 1 
6 5 5 - 4 8 2 1 

{ 
« 

KATHY models Va- lentino’s tobacco and white ensemble with wrap skirt and signature jacquard print blouse. She is pictured in M c N a y 
Art Institute where 
Frost’s will present the Valentino collec­ tion during a benefit 
“La Festa Italiana” 
I 

 at 7 p.m., Thursday, 
March I 7. 

PHOTO BV PAT HAMILTON 

I 

Body garm ents now liberated 

What is inducing to- garment perceived to day’s liberated women lo nu*et the needs she feels start w earing clothes- sl)e *1as smoothing bodygar- ments? 
What s even more in­ teresting. the sample al- 
The answer is simple: so perceived (these new bodvgarnients have been undergarments) “ to be liberated, too. Now they consistent with the aura are items of fashion and of freedom she believes fun, made with second- she is allowed these skin fabrics, 
/so days." lightweight and comfor-i----------------------- table, the only way you 
— ———— — — know you are wearing them is by the way you look more all-together in your clothes. 

The wispy-weight ta* fabrics have the gentle hug-fit of “Lycra" span* dex to smooth unwanted bulges. Their soft pl lunes has inspired designers to burst forth with chic and sexy styles which look as new as they feel 

Even string bean-lean models are wearing the I new all-in-ones to give | proper sleekness to the body-conscious clothes in which they are photo­ graphed. Those w ho need a hit more help find the bodygarments give them smoothness with a com­ pletely natural look. 

Now that there are bu- dyfashions women really like to w ear. even the most liberated women will wear them 

Fo r documentation, there is the recent survey taken bv Iii and. Cruller and Company, a market I research organization in 
Michigan, which reached the conclusion: “ There remains to this day an intrinsic desire to retain in some way the function of these garm ents. In ­ deed. in one product form or another, virtual­ ly every woman in our sample found an under-' 

H andbags go happy 

Spring-suinmer hand­ bags for women are practical — or fantasy 

For evening, watch h»r ethnic fabrics, see­ through plastic, ultra- fern paunches and for such eccentric shapes aud materials as wooden iMtxes, baskets and bra­ celet bags. 

The perennial evelope is in for daytime, along mith the luggage look. light weight parachute bags, the bi iefcase and { the fabric-leather mix 

Heads lake new cover 

Think 
“ heudvover* ings” fur spring and summer — turbans, scull caps and hoods 

There are big. roman- J tie straw huts for the classicists. Very flatter­ ing. too. 

Choose a suit or a Xam our’ 

INTRODUCING 
CRISTALLE 
BY 
CHANEL 

Nino C erruti, the ur­ bane Italian designer who has been a resident in Paris for IO years producing men s suits, is in New York presenting his women's clothes for summer. 
He has been producing wom en's clothes all 

 along, tie explained, but as an adjunct to his men’s styles. This is his first, full-fledged W o ­ mens collection and it is designed for the “ effi­ cient woman with enough fem inity so that she doesn’t just want a copy of men’s styles." 

Ralph Lauren, who is a knees), medium (calf- 
There are dirndls and native 
New 
Yorker length) or long, which wrap skirts in M adras known for his tailored means it can be tied ar- cottons and plaid blazers, things, has looked to <»und the chest and worn but the eye-openers are 
Hawaii, or maybe to an as an evening dress definitely the sarongs. old 
Dorothy 
La mon r movie, for his summer collection. 
The sarong is a 
•keynote, short (above the 

 perfect 
The spectator look 
* 
PappagaHo two tone natural summer faring. In 
•Hite calf with navy Iud, brown kid or black patent im. Also lasm m /cam el kid 
Ours exclusively, 37 OO 
TMK HARRIS SHOR1 

671o 
N. NEW BRAUNFELS 
828-2281 

FOR PAPPAGALLO 

Bonk Americard and 

M as te r Charge 

A brilliant burst of new fragrance. With the freedom of cologne, the force of perfume. 
Provocative and persistent. 
Cristalle keeps its promise faithful!), day into night. 
This newest Chanel triumph. created in Paris and acclaimed throughout Europe is now sours. S.5o to 25.oo. 
And. the Limited Edition Spray is yours for only 5.5o 

 iDooterie 

Central Park Mall 

Barefoot Original 

G?t your feet in step for spring and summer 

 with skinmed down strappv sandals. A.‘Rina’. 
Beme, White Calf. Gold heel rand. $5o.oo. 
B .‘Posa\ Black, White, Red Patent. Gold 

 heel rand. $48.oo. Use your charge, Master 
Charge, Bank Americard. 
Mew slijl G S for new Prides. 

Three rings of 14 karat yellow gold, the wide center band set with a cluster of gleaming brilliant-cut diamonds; the outer pair, guard rings for the wedding band she ll wear forever. Together, they form one magnificent expression of your love. A. Diamond cluster, 
1 carat total weight, on wide 14 karat yellow gold florentined band, $75o. 
B. Polished 14 karat yellow gold guard rings, $35 the pair, $17.5o each. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone.SM 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

Wolfmaris 

Houston 
San Antonio 

Pick your own letter for this 1oo% acrylic, m achine-washable sweater. 
Ideal for tennis, golf, or just wearing with jeans. 
In camel with white letters; white with navy letters; small, medium or large. 

The Glorified 
Sweatshirt 

Mail orders accepted 
Please allow three to four weeks for delivery 

Good sports like color 

Tennis co m es 111) for golf. too. Tho from vibrant linos to tho 
Weatherproof jackets, harmonize on 
11 ii ii is m i n t s u p 
,« 
, t! 
, most classic conservative inn»p sweat prs. tailored the links. colors. 

215o East Hildebrand between Broadway and 
New Braunfels. 

Tennis conies up on top in the active sportswear fashion competition for spring. 
.lust as American men and boys arc sharpening up their backhands, ten­ nis w ear s ty lis ts have been busy sharpening up th e ir d esig n s w ith vi­ brant hues, many in pri­ mary colors. 
M atched sets have a clean clear look utilizing cla ssic colors such as blue and red or red and green, but may offer un­ ique com binations such as brown with turquoise or clay with silvery grey. 
While lively colors arc the d o m in a n t fashion note in m e n ’s active sp o rtsw e a r for w arm w e ath e r, the g e a r d e ­ signed for golf, s w im ­ ming and boating as well as tennis also gets high marks for functionality. 
Each has built-in com­ fort and freedom of m ovem ent to help im ­ prove the p la y e r's p e r­ formance as well as his appearance. 
( Coordination 
Coordination is the key word iii tennis wear, inst as it is when playing the game. 
Complete outfits of ten­ nis sw e a te rs, s h irts , shorts, warm-up .jackets and suits will be ready and waiting for the tennis buff come spring. 
A far cry from the days when colors were banned from the courts, try stop­ ping out in a bright sun­ shiny orange or a com ­ bination of copper and silver. 
Coordinated outfits are 

 strong for golf, too. The average divot d ig g er's fashion selection ranges 

Weatherproof jackets, loose sweaters, tailored slacks, golf hats, visors 

“House of the Bride” 
*>,,rov 
... 

# 
I 
B 
R 
I 
D 
A 
L 
S 
H 
O 
P 

F I R S T in Style... 

Newest styles from 
Blanchi, 
Galina, 
Maurer, 
Bridal 
Couture, 
Alfred Angelo, 
Bridallure, Queen Fit, Joelle, Fink, Mori Lee, 
Mendicino and many other famous makers. 
F IR S T in Selection... 

Largest array of Bridal gowns and veils in the 
Southwest. 
Featured nationally in 
Modern Bride and Bride’s Magazine. 
F IR S T in Service... 

Fast, efficient, courteous service in preparing your wedding. 

Buy from In-Stock. Immediate alterations when necessary. 

ROBERT, left, and B. J. go for casual attire, but John prefers navy jacket and gray slacks with light blue shirt, all by Calvin. Robert’s greeen Izod tennis shorts team with green and white striped shirt. 
B. J. sports a white Robert Bruce shirt with red and navy collar and navy Munsingwear shorts. At DJ’s Young Men s and Boys’ W ear 

PHOTO BY TARKY TARSIKES 

 nettle*/CReek 

 nstant 
R ed eco ratin g 

 w ith 
P illo w s ... 
P illow s 

 a fresh new look 
Nettle Creek brings you on exciting new collection of 
’ designer pillows. 
Whimsical. 
Fashionable. 
Tropical. 
Tropical. Something for everyone in all sizes, shapes, colors and textures. For everywhere in the home. Choose while the supply is plentiful. 

Nettle Creek Shop, Blanco Rd. at Loop 4 1o 

Cotton is up front 

Fabrics for women this season a re delicio u s, whether home-fresh cot­ tons or delicate silks or crisp linens. 
The buffet is piled high with cottons of every fla­ vor including such old favorites as crisp pique, airy voiles, cloque, po­ plin and lightweight g a­ bardine. 

Peasant fantasies call for chintz, light challis, chino and d e n im . The fluid sh a p e s need the lightweight cotton knits. 
Dishtowel “ kitchen’* cot­ tons are w andering all over ready-to-wear. 
Linen and linen-looks are crisp and classic or light and airy as h and ­ kerchiefs. Puckered fa­ brics like seersucker and c rin k le cotton sp a rk sportswear. 
Shinies like polished cotton and satin stripes are exotic spicings. 

ACROSS I R O M TH I CO U R T H O U S E O N S O UT H M A I N — I 2 4 SO UT H FLORES kbtMuohA 

O p e n 9 :J O to 6 w e e k d a y * —« Thur%. Nit^t 'til 8 : 3 o 

Joggers 
.loggers will go for hooded jackets, zipper fronts and roomy pants in terry cloth, polyesters and fleeces. 
B oatm en will find smooth sailing in hooded jackets, press-retaining slack s. lig h tw e ig h t sweaters and deck-grip­ ping shoes. 
In seagoing ja c k e ts, there are some salty dou­ ble-breasted reefers, as well as new blouson-types and some in signal flag colors. 
Featherweight coats in chintz, nylon and plastic come up in great water repellent finishes. 
B oating sh o rts in a w ide variety of cloths and colors m ake q u ite a splash teamed with bold horizontal stripes. 
Also headed for the marinas are long-sleeved sea-going sw e a ts h irts and. on the dressier side, regatta-look sport coats for spectators. 
Swim 
No man will be lost in the sw im for w ant of bright colors next spring. 
Coordinated trunks and tops have a more sophis­ ticated put-together look, not exact m a tc h e s as were the old cabana sets. 
The trick is to tie them via related colors. 
Topping off the trunks will be regular shirt-type tops with tail to be worn with tailored trunks and some c o n tra stin g tops and bottoms. There are even some that do match. 
After swim cover-ups include te rrv -lin e d k i­ monos, three-piece coor­ d in a te s c o n sistin g of tops, p an ts and sw im tru n k s, and co m p lete terry combinations. 
M inim al co v e rag e speedster briefs will be available for m axim um su n n in g and w a te r churning in nylon. Lycra and Spandex yarns, in both solids and patterns. 
Swimwear ranges from s trig h t-le g b rie fs in printed and solid jerseys to boxer-style trunks in solid colors and trims. 
Lounging 
New w arm w e a th e r loungewear seems to take its cure from apres-swim styles — bright, brighter, brightest. 
T h ere are handsom e one-piece jumpsuits, and robes and kimonos for wear at home. For loung­ ing about the patio or pool, there’s a choice of terry cloth and velour shorts and knit tops. 
For lazy mornings and evenings, cool and color­ ful pajamas, shave coats and more easy-fitting ki­ monos do the trick. 
This season it will be fashion from head to foot, with strong emphasis on the foot. No longer will a beat up pair of sneakers do for tennis or boat mg or a run down pair of spikes for golf. 
For tennis, shoes have either leather or fabric tops, cushioned about the collar and built for sus­ tained action. 
Boating 
Boating calls for spe­ cialized deck shoes with fabric or leather tops. but always non-skid safety soles. 
(■oilers eau nlav it ro o . 
COLO H FI L 

FASHIONABLE days are ahead for Dor­ othy in Cardessa’s cotton ensemble. 
White slacks are topped by a side-slit tunic with geometric pattern pointing the way to a bared shoulder. Pantsuit and choker are from Christine’s. 

BEN SH AW M O D E L St AEE PH O TO BY P A I H A M IT O N 

GRADUATE TO SAVINGS 
Buy your class ring here and you get a bonus— 1o% savings on your next diamond purchase. Choose from our wide selection of class rings, including IO karat gold 

Student Accounts Invited. 

• 4oo1 HOUSTON 
• U B I HOUSTON 
Shop Downtown 
Thor* ovonii ZALES 

• WI NOVO* PAK 
• NOtTM STAR MAU 
The Diamond Store I JTSSJm 

Pork F tw w ith PurchoM D o w ntow n 
W atch For the G ran d O pening 

 of our B eautiful N e w Store in 
W alnut Square Shopping Center, N e w Braunfels, T i mutation •ntarged 

EASY OI ERA LLS 

 f o r e a s y 

/li m g - cuxv striding a rout id. Iii- kicks answer fo r gills nit Ii tm unrestricted oullttok un life, HM)*/t cotton orc rn Us in great Suring colors green, yellow, ort!age and tangerine, junior sises. 

*2 9 . o 5 
(o o n lin n tin g 
Idolise. Sizes 
.» to Id. 
*21. 

Bake A Mi Hi LAHO 

Long gown and coat in brightly colored Hawaiian print... sizes small, medium and large, of 1oo% nylon.. ’. gown, 28.oo. coat, 38 OO 

Sa m A* Duomo 

VIST US FIRST 
& save tim e and m oney 

SHOP ONE OE OUR CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 
USE OUR L A Y - A - W A Y 

NORTHSIDE 
DOWNTOWN 
SOUTHSIDE 
7325 San Padre 
14o6 W. Commerce 
423 S.W. Military 
342-2361 
223-5566 
924-7176 

I rn 

Jew elry gets male approval 

Fashion has mon all dressed up this spring, and thai includes jewelry — understated but evi­ dent. Traditional jewelry appeals to most ail men, and now body jewelry is adorning a larger majority of males. 

Growing in popularity are small pendants on choker chains and neat firm bracelets. 

Nested suits will be embellished with watch chains and fobs, while French cuff shirts will be fastened with ncyt, small links in cjolcJ or silver or in metals that emulate the real thing. 

Watches which do most everything in addition to keeping precisely accurate time arc more in de­ mand than ever. 

Jewelry is easily keyed to both sporty and dressy occasions. 
George 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1 97 7 

V, 
-r- 
X . 3 . 

Enter Spring wit Tally 
IInternational 

. 
. 
. in a 
Kaleidoscope o f green and orchid blooms on clouds o f chi Ifon. 

 i lite bodice, 

• ^ 
' empire 
— the 

 i straps barely 
* there 
— the 

^ cape a wisp t i . l „ . i . 
H 

 the look 
\}y\ breathtaking!! 

M 
Che Spouse of George 

W INDSOR F A R K MALL 
I pf HT Line! South Entrance 

O pen IO LM . to 9 P.M . h o l d 121 
Muster ( burge amt liunkAmericurd 

- i i 

! 

Come lo U .J .N 
F o r ai Large m ill 
VairitMl Selection of Suits A W a x e r*. 

H o r * S i x e s 
I :t lo 2 o 

Y o u n g > f O U N auto 42 
K eg*. & Longs 

Tho ro in p lrle w ard ro b e fo r b oy's anil young m en — school rio t lies. tennis w e a r . easu al cloth in g e lf . • • • only the v e ry best al lM *s. 

M EN in t ie know are sporting classy and classic watches this spring. Shaw ’s 
Jewelers offers a selection of men s and w om en’s time- pieces along with other jewelry acces­ sories. 
Johnnie 
G uerra is watch specialist at Shaw’s downtown. 

( > I K \ I V , > \N A M O N D ) 
FOK 'in N EAKS 

T H E JA C K ET DK ESS 
48 
Jn-i mu* 
-I' from 
MHI- lll « I 
"I 

-iiritij: lir e —■♦•*. 
\ 

• I I H t i i t H i t t * o f ' J i l i l l " itll anti 
...I 
•i/f a in pi 

 ii I t i t i n I** u t 
' | i i i n ^ f i j i ' i f . 

I n 
- i i t i i i H r r 
- I \ I t - - 
' 

. . I 
I . . . . . m 
. . . 
T j & S H 

NOH! II SI XII M XI I 

I t * 
J** ' M I O 
Mon I III 

XX I MIDI. xxx \ pl 
X|U\.-> X I . 

(pronounce Do# Joys) gounq men* and boy? fa/hlorv 

WINDSOR PARK MALL upper Lf v a 
6 5 3 -9 3 4 6 

Men abandon cookie-eutter sportswear 

L e t ’s turn the 
The individual units s p o t l i g h t on w h a t von j»iclud«* shirts, sla cks. 
' . 
.. tups. shorts aud jackets. f e l l o w s o! a l l a g e s pp,, c u r r e n t le isure w e a r f o r l e i s u r e l y outfits will be worn in 

 t i m e s a n d w a r m short us " e,! as re^ lJ,ur lengths and many retain the safari influence. 

Variety 
To add interest, utility and variety to the leisure sluts, they will be availa­ ble iii regular weights as well as iii featherweight shirting fabrics. 
With each unit availa­ ble separately, a man has 
\ irtually unlimited op­ portunities to create his own looks. “The leisure suit," Tolbert says. “ is no longer a uniform 
B righ t, sharp colors coupled with natural looks and colors will do­ m inate the se p a ra te s a v ailab le in spring leisurewear. 

The rubgv influence is very strong iii T-shirts ) 

 c l i m e s . 
The average U S m ale, as the third century of the A m erican e x p e ri­ ment begins. Ini*- about 
HS hours of leisure each week, hours when lie is free from the strains of business competition and doesn't have the energy or urge for athletic com­ petition. 
Obviously, be bas and needs special clothes when he is doing his own tiling on his own tune 
Chip Tolbert, fashion director of the Men s F a­ shion Association, notes many leisure outfits can be coordinated by each man on his own. 
An equal number have been interrelated in ad­ vance by manufacturers iii close cooperation with cotton, acrylics and terry mill stylists. 
Thriving 

I i i this latter category, there is a brand new se­ cond generation ut gar­ ments descended from the leisure suit. 
“ The leisu re s u it ." 
Tolbert states, “ is very much alive and tlirix mg. 
Ifs a new and better ver­ sion that overcomes the cookie cutter look which was the weakness of the original breed." 
The first time around. 
Tolbert says. there was a rush as everyone tried to jump on the bandwagon, but "the new leisure time offerings are new. fresh, creative, more colorful and a lot of d ifferent tilings rather than more ol the same. “ 
The relating factor can be — a fabric, but in a different color, a trim on all units or a smart confluence of design that abv lously mates the tops to the bottom. 

 cloth. Also strong are ca­ sual shirts with contrast­ ing trims frequently uti­ lizing lineii-look wovens and linen blends iii knits. 
Mudras 

Iii new sport shirts, en­ gineered patterns are iii bright, sharp colors and some prints in controlled patterns. The madras in­ fluence is very important for the coming season and there will also be many dishcloth fabrics, voiles and a few silk-look jacquards. 
Pleats were featured in several new slack treat­ ments and a lot of novel ideas are being shown in jeans. 
The pleated model slack will be available in fa b ric s ranging Irom khaki to gingham, silks, madras aud tickings. 
Walking shorts have made a very strong comeback i i i a variety of lengths and an equally great variety of stylings. 

QOl-» 

LADIES' 
DIAMOND 
FASHION 
RINGS 

'A V 
4 Ormond* 
$149*o 

IO diamond* 
$289.bO 

SPECIAL 
8 d i a m o n d s 
Req $59o. NOW $4o9 

SA/t $1oo.oo 

Ring* enlarged 
HK gold strtinqs 

Wk Ai l. hi 
• 
•M jULI 
• Oif*#n C*ub • An#. «.i t 
• Sn-nnw \ O.m/ • <.«M* i*#ncs* 

 a G O C A T 
M 
O 
B 
I X 
I N 
I H C S A N 
A 
N 
T O 
N 
I O 
A 
R 
I A b o t fc.M Ho list O** Downtown • L A p 
S*w*pP**HJ I - It- rn Cia.- • 11-1 el* bbl i-t in t C ent*, 
S W M 'n * v 1> ‘V* 
• NoltnWfil f#>opp"!ll Cfi! 'Ii* • 
SHgppi'ig I. -y 
• Centry* bvt Md I • WinUtOf P*'l M*H • Shoo GohI-j'1 % 
Co.I ii IO COBO y i oj-t. 
- 

BAUSCH St LO M B Tg) 

Soft Contact Lenses are Available at Most 
TSO Offices 

Consult your telephone directory 
(or TSO locations. 

We c are how you look at life. 

T e x a s S t a t e 

O p t i c a l 

OPEN SATURDAYS Til POO 
MEDICAID PATIENTS WELCOME 

Save 2o% 

W e Are M oving To Our N e w Location 
2252 N.W. Military Hwy. 

Nautilus 
Athletic 
Center is having a Pre-Grand Opening 
Sale. 
Nautilus membership prices are at a great savings 
N O W . Stop by at 2 3 3 4 Jack­ son Keller Rd. and check out the 
Nautilus machines, the 

NAUTILUS 
ATHLETIC 
C EN T ER 

 sauna, and health food store. 
See why more San Antonians are turning to Nautilus for cardio vascular fitness, strength, and flexibility. For more information call 
3 4 9 - 
5 6 8 o , ext. 4o. 

2334 Jackson Keller 
(J u s t o u ts id e L o o p 4 1 o ) 
Mon.-Fri. 8:3o a.m. to 8:3o p.m. 
Sat. IO a.m.-2 p.m. 
3 4 9 -5 6 8 o 
EXT. 4o 
LIFE STYLE 

WHEN l o t RE \ WORKING ( J H I . . . 
IM Mf KIM* MITH A I It LM HT----- 

CLOTHES IAN BE \ ERY IMPORT \NT. 
RH XI NE WHAT I GLRE WEARING 

 ii Xx A EOT TO IMI XX ITH HOW TOI 
KEEL.IT NETS THE MOOD! ANO 

III XTN Win I MIGP AT EHKlNNNE’S. 

CHRISTINE'S IU * (.LOTHES 
THINGS HUH TO KIT OIH 

EIFERT) LL CLOTHES WITH 
X LITTLE "MOKE” . . . FASHION, 
\ 
IW A K I WITHEM OI DEFINITELY 
XHE NKI WUNG IO UNO JUST 

ANYWHERE IN TOW V It YOE 

W UM X LITTLE "MORE” IN 
YUI It EDEM )1 1 . . . WH) 
NO! IRV SOME OF IT NOW? 

XI LUHM INE S. 

 n 

Buuneuhke for day and romantic far evening 

41 2 E Houston 2 2 6 5 6 9 2 
Windsor Pork Mall 6 5 5 I 234 
All motor titbit tunJv accepted, p*uv ow own t>u<yv plan 

4r 
San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— Sunday March 6 1977 

Belts circle waist-land 

B e lt s offer m a n y w a y s to c irc le the 
“ w aist- l a n d / ' T h e newest is the k n o tt e d r o p e belt o v e r loose separates. O r a pat­ terned fa b r ic belt layered over a scarf. 
W id e belts — obis. c o r­ selets, cin c lis — are i m ­ portant with lull skirts. 
I 
D IA M O N D S are in­ 

 deed Brandy's clos­ est friend, along with gold, emeralds and sapphires. D ia­ mond w atch and pend an t, sapphire and diam ond ring and em erald and diam ond drop e a r­ rings will be among jew elry on d isp lay during M aldonado's diamond show. Pic­ tured are I 4.5 car­ ats in diamonds; I 7 carats in other gems. 

B IN S H A W M ODO 
PHOTO BY BO N 
JO N ES 

 spring has sprung 

 classic all white knit, drawstring waist, special price 

 top it with 
Izod stripe cover up 

19.oo 

26.oo 

 and 
Vogue visor with removable, washable head band 

1 . o o 

Accessories for spring romantics 

' *7cant J 

 s 

7T OI IHIOAIIW AY 
III.IOA P L A Z A 
o 2 o - 1 o 1 

The spring roman- tic k n o w s when to pile on tin' a c c e s ­ sories and w hen to take them oil. This is a season to let your­ 

 s e l f go when iii a fantasy mood. 

I m l ti I u e ut s t a c k s of bracelets or n im s , ropes of iii is! E*tli 1114 le u \ e s or s e a s h e l l s , st p i k i n g p r i- m i l iv e p i e c e s a m i 

T u rk ist bizarre n e c k ­ laces 
T h e biti n e c k la c e , the rop e o r c o rd la s s o , the s l it h e r y m e t a l c o il a m i 
I Iii' knotted fab ric choker are a m o n g the new looks 
O r t ie a b e a u t ll til s i l k flower a ro un d >our neck on a narrow ribbon 
T h e r e a r e f e m i n i n e 
H 'u e ln lo o k s " in por- elain. e n a m e ls, anthine p r e t e n d e r s . in la> s a n d lacquers. 
H a ir o r n a m e n ts are new Iv im portant c o m b s. 

 c o ld b a r s , b a r r e t t e s , flowers, etc, 
L o n g d a u g ly e a r r in g s g o w it h 
" p e a s a n t d r e a m s . " 
T h e r e 's also a trend to t in y p r e c i o u s o r s e m i ­ p r e c i o u s s t u d e a r r i n g s worn in two s or three s. 
'Tin' sin g le d ia m o n d stud e a r r in g style continues. 
W ith the fe m in in e look b a c k in f a s h i o n , r e a l je w e lr y is m o r e i m p o r ­ tant than ever. 
A m o n g the w in n e rs in he 11)77 D i a m o n d s T o d a y 
\ w a r d s is A ld o C ip o lin , voting It a lia n - b o r n New 
"Yorker, who h a s ga in e d f a m e for h is g e o m e t r ic je w e lry — p a r t i c u l a r l y the g o ld l o c k e d " l o v e bracelet l b s w in n in g r in g is a r e c t a n g u l a r d o m e of h ig h lv p o li s h e d v e llo w old. flanked bv two d ia ­ m ond cl lev roils. 
T h e key lo w h a t e v e r you d e sign — or w ear — in je w e lr y , lie s a y s . is p r o p o r t ion 

Phil Maldonado 
'Ai & 
“The Unique Jew eler” 

227-11o2 
• 215 Alamo Plaza • 
227-9677 

5 DAYS 
March 7-12 
Daily 1o-6 

Mon. & Thurs. evenings ’til 8:3o 
Investment Sale 
Loose D iam onds 

Exact weight, colour, quality & cut are the factors that give one diamond a greater value than another. 
It has been a common practice by many to give just weight & price; we, on the other hand will give full detail on each loose stone, and Insurance appraisals will be provided. 
Emetald cut diomond, wk 7 28 cb 
$23,o63.o4 

Ovol cut diamond, vt. 2.21 cts..................$ 1,677.39 
Oval cut diamond, wt I 84 cts..................$ 3,157.44 

Oval cut diamond, wt 2.78 cts................. $ 2,o18.28 

Oval cut diamond, wt 1.87 cts..................$ 4,936.8o 
Pear shope cut diamond, wt. 2.o3 cts.... ... 
$ 1,6o7.76 

Pearshope cut diamond, wt. 3.14 cts 
$ 7,564.26 

Marquise cut diamond, wt 
4 
46 cts 
$1o,3o2.6o 

Marquise cut diamond, wt. 
1.51 cts.... $ 
2,491.5o 

Marquise cut diamond, wt. 
I 
93 cts 
$ 1,91o.7o 
Marquise cut diamond, wt. 
2 
o4 cts ....$ 4,o39.2o 
Brilliant cut diamond, wt 1.99 ct..............$ 1,51o.41 

Brilliant cut diomond, wt. 2 OI cts............. $11,749.32 

Brilliant cut diamond, wk 2 OI cts............ $ 6,1o2.36 

Ladies' diamond solitaire ring; I8K handcrafted rope mounting, with a 
7.88 corah diamond, marquise cut, the colour being ‘Champagne", the quality being flawless. 
Appraised value 532,ooo OO 
Estate Price 
$24,5oo.oo 
Ladies 14 kuiat white gold pendant containing I heort shape diomond weighing 7o corot with cham. 
Apprised Value 51,35o oo 
Estate Price 
$975.oo ladies platinum rmq containing I brilliant cut diamond weighing 5.37 carats, with 2 baguettes 
Appraised Value 515,ooo oo 
Estate Prue 
$9,5oo.oo 
Ladies platinum ring containing I heart shape diamond weighing 2.62 carats, with 2 baguettes 
Appraised Value >7,58o OO 
Estate Price 
$4,9oo.oo 
Ladies platinum ring containing I pear shape diamond weightnq 2 75 carats, with 2 baguettes 
Appraised Value 512,5oo OO 
Estate Price 
$8,ooo.oo 
Ladies 18 karat yellow gold ring containing 12 brilliants weighing 1.51 carats 
Appraised Value 52,2oo OO 
Estate Price 
$1,6oo.oo ladies platinum mounting containing 21 round diamonds weighing 2.4o carats, IO marquise emeralds weighing 7o tarot. 
Appraised Value 53,2oo OO 
Estate Price 
$2,25o.oo lodies Watch Pendant 5o Peso Commemorative Com Watch with Piaget” movement, on 32 18 karat yellow gold rope cham 
Appraised Value 57,ooo OO 
Estate Price 
$5,5oo.oo todies platinum diamond watch, containing 193 marquise, bagguetts, and brilliant cut diamonds weighing 9,5o carats. 
Appraised Value 58,5oo OO 
Estate Price 
$5,ooo.oo 
14 korot white geld earrings containing 34 round diamonds, 17 diamonds each earring total weight 2 IO carats 
Appraised Value $1,85o OO 
Estote Prue 
$1,1oo.oo 
Platinum Eternity Ring containing 4o bagguette diamonds weighmt 2 25 tarot*. 
Appraised Value 52,ooo OO 
Estote Price 
$1,6oo.oo 
18 korot white gold Ballerina Ring containing 32 bagguetts, weighing 
I BO caiats, 16 brilliants weighing 52 carat, and center unique oval-morq- uise blue green colored diamond weighing 82 coral 
Appraised Vulue $4,ooo OO 
Blate Price 
$2,2oo oo 
HK yellow gold Mans rings, contains o sable coloured, brilliant cut dia­ mond weighing I 42 coiats, surrounded by 14 round diamonds with o weight of 42 carat 
Appraised Value 53,84o OO 
Estate Puce 
$2,5oo.oo 

Estate Jew elry 

14K yellow gold Mons ring, brush finish, one brilliant cut diomond with a weight of 2 5o carats. 
Appraised Value 56,ooo OO 
Estate Price 
$4,5oo.oo 
18K white gold, handcrafted dangle earrings; four Gem Burmese Rubies, 2 peat shapes & 2 ovals, total ruby weight being 2 8o carats; containing 44 diamonds, 21 round & I topped bagguette on each eurnng, with a total diamond weight of 2 6o carats 
Appraised Value 54,5oo OO 
Estate Price 
$2,5oo.oo 
UK white gold diamond Ear dips, 74 brilliant cut diamonds, with a total diamond weight of 3 OO corats. 
Appraised Value 53,85o OO 
Estate Price 
$2,25o.oo 
14K white gold dangle Ear dips; containing 2 fine pear shope (olombotn 
Emeralds weighing 7 OO carats, 24 marquise diamonds weighing 3.oo carats, 8 36 brilliants weighing I 75 curets 
Appraised Value 58,9oo OO 
Estate Price 
$5,5oo.oo 
Ladies platinum & diamond ring, Ballerina style containing 14 brilliant cut diamonds weighing I 35 carats, 36 bagguette cut diamonds weighing 1.28 carots, with a center brilliant diamond weighing .82 carat,* all diamonds are fine white in colour, and V V S I. # I in quality. 
Appraised Value 58,5oo.oo 
Estate Price 
$5,5oo.oo 
Ladies IAK white gold Ballerina ring; one fine pear shope Colombian 
Emerald weighing 1o.3o corats, surrounded by 46 bagguette 8 27 brilliant cut diamonds with a total diamond weight of 7.oo carats. 
Appraised Value $18,9oo OO 
Estate Price 
$11,5oo.oo 
Ladies HK white gold dinner ring; containing 3o bagguettes weighing 
4,15 carats 8 22 brilliant cuts weaning 1.45 carats. 
Apprised Value $5,75o.oo 
Estate Price 
$3,45o.oo lodies HK White gold diamond dinner ring, H fancy traingular cut dia­ monds weighing 2.25 carats 8 19 brilliant cut diamonds weighing 1.62 carots 
Appraised Volue $4,ooo OO 
Estate Puce 
$2,2oo.oo ladies HK White gold ring, Australian pin fire’ opal, pear shape, weigh mg I 7o corals, surrounded by 14 brilliant diamonds weighing 56 anat 
Appraised Volue 59oo OO 
Estate Price 
$475.oo 
Platinum Bund with 5 peor shope diamonds; 2 4o carots total weight ' 
Appraised Value 52,6oo OO 
Estate Price 
$1,45o.oo 

 our, weighing 2.22 carets; 3o brilliant diamonds weighing 2.75 corals, 8 ihtl.75 

Ladies HK 9 platinum Dome ring, center diomond being PREMIER in col 
' filii 
‘ 
M WL 
42 step cut colombian ' emeralds approximate weight 1.75 carats 
Appraised Value 51o,ooooo 
Estote Price 
$6,25o oo 
Ladies HK White gold ring of diamonds 8 fine rubies; the 28 bagguette cut rubies weighing 3 2o carats 8 IS brilliant diamonds weighing I 65. 
Volue $4,ooo oo 
Estote Price 
$2,25o.oo 
Appraised Volue $4,ooo OO 
Estate Price 
Included in this sale of ESTATE & INVESTMENT jewelry are many other items; Emerald, 
Ruby, Sapphire, Gold, Platinum, and of course, DIAMONDS. Watches, Brooches, Lodies & 
Mens Rings, Eorrings & pendants... ALL below market volue. 
____ _ 

FABRIC 
WAREHOUSE 
PRICES!! 

 to you rn rn rn 

 fabric w a re h o u se 

SALE! 

WE DISCOUNT ALL 

PATTERNS & NOTIONS DISCOUNT EVERY DAY. 
ALI MERCHANDISE IS FULLY GUARANTEED. 

THESE PRICES GOOD MON. THRU SAT., MARCH 7 THRU I RTH 

WHITE DOUBLE KNITS 

SEVERAL STYLES & TEXTURES 
PRINTED MATTE JERI! 

FULL 
PIECE y D 
PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD PRICE 

6o” WIDE— 1oo% POLYESTER 

$o29 

PCS. FOR 

6o” WIDE 
$1oo 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD 
PRICE 
o9 CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD -lf PRICE 

98 

OR 
EA. PIECE 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

5o% POLYESTER 5o% COTTON 

PAJAMAS 

TOPS AND BOTTOMS 
SOLD BY THE PIECE . 

V 
2 OR 
MORE 
EA. PIECES 
" ~ 
EA. K . 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

TERRY CLOTH 

BRIGHT COLORS PLUS WHITE 

2 9 FULL 
$ * } 4 9 CUT TO 
PIECE 
ORDER 
PRICE 
PRICE 

ALL ON BOLTS — 45” WIDE 
84% COTTON 16% POLYESTER 

PON-GENIE 

GORGEOUS PRINTS 
$129 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 
49 CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

1oo% POLYESTER-45” WIDE 

DRAPERY SHEERS 
M AU N PUCKER MBITS i 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD PRICE 

C 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 
o9 FULL 
PIECE 
YD PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD 
PR,CE 

GOOD COLOR SELECTIONS 

1oo% POLYESTER 45” WIDE 
1oo% COTTON — NO IRON 

HUCK TOWELING 

PASTELS & WHITE 

 m u 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YO 
PRICE 

AU ON BOLTS-15” WIDE- 1oo% COTTON 

SHREDDED FOAM 
2 99* 
LBS. 
I 59 

UPHOLSTERY REMNANTS 

MOSTLY HERCULON TYPE 

V 
FULL 
PIECE 

 y d .p R 'C E t CUT TO 
ORDER 

YD. PRICE 
PKGS. 

SAFETY PIN ASST 

5o PINS IN EA. PKG. 
59* 39I 

EA. PKG. 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 
BRASS GILT FINISH PRE-PRICED 6o 

OUR REGULAR 
39/1.19 REMNANTS 
PRINTED DRAPERY 

< FULL 
PIECE 
YD. PRICE 

 c 
CUT t o ! 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

3 
FULL 
PIECE yD PRICE 

5 C CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD 
PRICE 

REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 
1oo% COTTON-4 8 -5 4 ” WIDE 
SOME SCOTCH GUARDED 

DRAPERY CASEMENTS 

ENTIRE STOCK 
SUBLASTATIC PRINT 
KNITS 

39 FULL 
PIECE 
YD PRICE 

* / T CUT TO 
ORDER 

Y D 
P R IC E 

FULL 
PIECE 

YD. PR,CE 
$ 1 66 cut to 
ORDER 

Y D 
P R ,C E 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 
1oo% POLYESTER 6o WIDE 

RMWMMWMPi 

■ y n 
11 ■ : j TT 

 rn 
SBmSSmm 

■........ I— 

|§§ff| 

W M .W..r i .in ■■mn....*. 

■i 
- 

S H 
WPt'tm .*» H l l f rJ$SsW W,. ^A^saSi 
Texas coach Abe Lemons, right, makes comment about Burbanks’s Gilbert Salinas, left, during Saturday’s playoff game against Kennedy. Salinas led Burbank to victory and headlines the Express-News All-City cage team listed on 

— PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

................... I' 
I......................... .....I............... 
.IU hi 111 
I .IMH., 
.......................- ..........................................................................I.................................................... — 
............. — 
S S — ii— 
\ i A , ' 
' v • 
' • 

Sunday 
Kxpress-Kew§ 

K E N N E D Y ’S Darryl Bethley knocks Burbank’s M ik e Poole o ff his feet 

March 6 I 977 

Kevin O'Keeffe 

 is San Antonio's 

 reporter 

 at the 

SWC 
.# 

 cage tourney 

 in Houston 

Bv JE F F GROSSMAN 
Of IMI i* m s i news st Aff 
BU FFA LO - The Spurs capped their triumphant march from New Orleans to the Me­ morial Auditorium by defeating the Buffalo Braves Saturday night, 12o-1o9. 

 ll vs us their fourth straight road vie* tory, and concluded a 4-1 trip, one of the finest in the NBA this season. 
San Antonio is now, 36-28, one*half 

 t u ' * S i 111 . An U ii* * a 4-o sweep in the season series over 
Buffalo. 
GROSSMAN 
‘ People said we should pick up a lot of wins on this trip because cif the teams we were playing,“ said Spurs loach Dong Moo. * But saying it and 

The victory for Arkansas, its 26th 
But Brewer paid no attention to those this season against one loss. gave the louis and gave no respect to the Hoiis- llogs the championship in the second ton defense in the second half. Ile sank annual Southwest Conference Tournu- shots from the inside, outside and ment. A sellout crowd of 15.262 everywhere in between. Ile wound up jammed The Summit to watch the with 29 points, a career high. 
Pigs' feat. 
Brewer was aided in his Cougar* 
Brewer, who was voted the Most taming by teammates Sidney Mon- 
Valuable Player of the tourney, scored encl. who had 22 points, and Marvin in points in the opening half, hut was also saddled with three fouls. 

Bv KEVIN O K E E F F E 

O f THC EXPRESS NCW S STAFF 

HOUSTON - Sparked by a 
19-paint second half perfor­ mance from guard Hon Brewer, the Arkansas Razorbacks er­ ased a one-point halftime deficit and downed the Houston Cou­ gars, 8o-74. Saturday night. 

BETHLEY looks at official in am azem ent as foul is called 

 den Gloves Boxing Tournament when he knocked (int Domingo Calderon in 58 seconds Saturday night ut Municipal 
Auditorium. 
Ayala's first punch of the night found 
Us mark iii Calderon s abdomen and left hun crouched on the- canvas gasp* 

How do you win a regional 
Golden Gloves light welter­ weight title and spend no more than five minutes in the ring? 

Ask 1976 national semifinalist 
Sammy Ayala because he did just that in the 1977 San Antonio Regional Gob 

O f THE EXPRESS N EW S ST A ff 

Thud 
SOUTH BEND, Ind. (AP) - Don Wil­ liams scored 25 points and ignited a se­ cond-half attack Saturday to spark Notre 
Dame to a 911-82 college basketball victory over top-ranked San Francisco, shattering the Dons* hopes for an undefeated season. 
The Fighting Irish, performing before a vocal home crowd, led 44-42 ai halftime and erupted to a 
79-66 advantage on Rich Branning* two tree throws with about four minutes to go. 
Cnrankcd Notre Dame enhanced its chances for a berth i i i the NCAA Basketball Tournament as it raised its record to 2o-6 with one game left San 
Francisco, which had l>ccn tin* only major unbeaten team, finished the regular season at 29-1 
The Dons took a 52-48 lead as Marion Redmond made four lay-ups early in the second half Then 
Notre Dame launched the charge that led to the victory. 

SA N F R A N C IS C O I M I: H ard y S ? J I? Redm ond 9o o IS C artw righ t 
4 T IO IS. Co* 4 I i IO Hovnes 11)1 7J. TSom ovon OO I U R W illiam s 7 
o-o 1 Randall o oo o Totals JS I? IR 8? 
N O T R E D A M E (93) 
Button 4 S • Ii. Knight / S / IV, f lo n e rs J O O S 
O W illiam s V / 8 ?S Brann in g 4 6 t 14, P u le r no S 6 6 16 Carpenter OOO 
o. M an/1 is o o o o K. u/mic / o o o o T O la is J ? TV 16 VT 
H a lf tim e 
N o tre 
D a m e 
44, 
S a n f t o n t n r o 
4? f o u l e d 
Out—C artw right Thompson, flo w e rs 
Total foul*-—San F ra n cisc o 76, 
Notre D am e 7Q Technical—Co* A — lt,j4> 

Must Reduce Inventory 
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS 

O H N O , he seem s fo be sa y in g w hen he realizes w haf has happened p h o t o s b y p a t h a m i l t o n 
Burbank in state 
SELECT GROUP OF 
SUITS AND SPORT COATS 

ONE WEEK ONLY! 

COME EARLY FOR BEST SELECTIONS! 

Bv JOHN HINES 

O f THE EXPRESS N EW S ST A ff 

Burbank qualified for its second state tournament in history by winning two games Saturday to claim the 
(’lass AAAA Region IV championship at Blossom Ath­ letic Center. 

The Bulldogs hit Kennedy for the third lime this season, 69-54. then captured a 46-55 defensive struggle over Austin Reagan iii the finals. 
Reagan shocked defending regional finalist Corpus Christi 
Moody, 76-58, in the other semifinal tilt. 
The Bulldogs nearly cracked the regional de- tensive record hook, missing fewest points al* lowed in the nine-year history of the tournament HR 

“ Defense won it for us.** emphasized Coach b R K 
Earl Meyer “ That's our bread and butter and it 
.Mf was the kc.v because our ol lense was oil tonight. 

“ We felt we could win if we could stop their running and get them Hilo a hall-eourt ganu wiili % A k our man-lo-man ’ jp| 
Burbank outscored 
Reagan in the third 
* quarter, 12-4. to lake a 5U-18 lead The Bulldogs 
HINES 

 scored the first six points of the second half on baskets by (filbert 
Salinas. Leonard Lambert and Ernest Puente, the latter two on relmunds. 
After Reagan scored the first five points of the lust stanza to pull within 5o-25. the Bulldogs reeled off nine straight points to put it out of reach 
Lambert made a key three-point play off a rebound, Steve 
Gamboa hit from the corner and Salinas added the other busket iii the surge Lambert's steal and a defensive rcltound by Puente set up two of the baskets. 
Later in the quarter. Puente would save a rebound for a Lam­ bert basket and the latter added a big defensive rebound in the closing minutes 
In the morning semifinals, bolti winners used big third quarters as Hie impetus to \ let ary. 
Kennedy led Burbank bv us mun.v as five points earlv in the second quarter and was still on top by one at halftime before the 
Bulldogs outscored the Rockets, 15-7, i i i the third stanza to build a 
4b 59 margin. 
Steve Gamboa hit a lav up off flu1 second-half tip for a permanent 
Burbank lead at 55-42. then Gilbert Salinas put i i i two straight jumpers When Leonard Lambert put i i i a rebound it was 4o-54 aud 
Burbank started pulling away. 
Salinas scored 26 points, 15 each i i i each half, and added three 

Park Free ... NBC Garages 

IN THE ARCADE OF THE NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE BLDG 
PECAN, SOLEDAD AND MARTIN STREETS 

P a g e 2 - S _ _ 
H ♦ 
S o n A n t o n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d a y M a rc h 6 1 9 7 7 
T h is w e e k in S p o rts 

SU N D A Y 
Bowling 
Southwest Tevas Junior Bowling 
Association Tournament, Goliad Lanes, I c m. ana 5 p m. 
Polo. Cibolo Volley vs. Kingsville. Bracken ridge Park. ?. TO p m 
M O N D A Y 
College Baseball: San Antonio Cotleae vs. 
Blinn (2), I; 3o p.m., New Braunfels High School. 
Sam Houston at Pan American, Edinburg, 7 p.m. 
College Tennis: St. Mary’s men and women at 
Southwest Te*as, Son Marcos, 2 p.m. 
College Golf: San Antonio College at San 
Jacinto Tournament. Pasadena, I o rn. 
T U E S D A Y 
P r o ‘Basketball: Sour Tipoff Club Luncheon, 
Pearl Jersey Lilly Room, noon. Guest speaker will be John MacLeod, coach of the Phoenix 
Suns. Admission SS for non members. 
Spurs vs Phoenix Suns, Convention Center 
Arena, 7:3o O rn 
College Tennis: A rkansas vs. Trinity men. 
Trinity Tennis Stadium. 2 p rn. 
College Baseball: St Mary's at Savior (2), 
Waco, I p m 
Northern Iowa at Pan American, 
Edinburg, 5 a rn. Morningside at Pon American, 
Edinburg 
’ D m. 
College Golf: 
Texas Lutheran Invitational, 
Starcke Pork Seguin. I IS p m . 
San Antonio 
College ai S a n Jacinto Tournament. P asadena, i 
D rn. 
W E D N E S D A Y 
Wrestling 
Municipal Auditorium, 8 3o u .rn 
Co mom e .en ts 
Horiev Race vs Block Cord man. Jose Lothario vs Great Goliath. Other bouts: Bruiser Brodv vs. (Men C aros. Scott 
■ Casey vs. Butcher Brannigan. Iron Sheik vs. 
Moon Dog May ne. 
College Basebgli: Morningside at Pan A m er­ ican, EdniDura 7 p m 
T H U R SD A Y 
P r o B a s k e tb a ll: S o u r s vs. C l e v e l a n d 
Cavaliers, Convention Center Arena. 7:3o p.m. 
College Tennis: Miami, Ha. vs. Trinity men. 

Trinity Tennis Stadium, 2 p.m. 
Pro Tennis: World C ham pionship Tennis, 
Lokewav World of Tennis, 12:3o p.m. Pairings. 
Woitek Hook vs. Ken Rosewoll, I lie Naslase vs. 
Bul Sconion 
College Baseball: Mankato State al St Mary s. 3 p.m. Trinity at Huston Tillotson (2). Austin, 1:3o p m . Arkansas State at Pan American, Edin­ burg, 7 p.rn 
College Track: Southwest Texas Invitational. 
San M arcos, 3 p m. (A rea te a m s e n te re d 
Southwest Texas and Texas A il). 
Women s 
Track: Southwest Texas, Trinity, Texas Luth­ eran in triangular meet, San Marcos, 3 p m, 
P R ID A Y 
College Tennis: Trinity women vs, L am ar, 
Trinity Tennis Stadium. 2 p m. 
San Antonio 
College men and women at San Jacinto Tour­ nament, Pasadena. 
Pro Tennis: World C ham pionship Tennis, 
Lakewov World of Tennis. 12:3o p m. Pairings: 
Eddie Didos vs. Cliff Drysdale. Adriano Panatta vs. Vljav Amritrai. 
College Baseball: Spm Houston at Pan Airer lean. Edinburg, J p.m. 
College Golf: St Mary s, Texas Lutheran, St 
Edward s in triangular meet. Austin, 12: 3o p.m. 
S A T U R D A Y 
College Tennis: Trinity men vs SMU, Trinity 
Tennis Stadium, 2 p.m. Southwest Texas men and women at Midland College, Midland. 9 a rn. 
San Antonio College men ond women ai San 
Jacinto tournam ent. Pasadena 
Pro Tennis: World Cham pionship Tennis, 
Lokewav World of Tennis, H o r n Two quartet- finol matches. 
College Baseball: Abilene Christian at Trinity 
(2), 1:3o p.m. John Brown at Texas Lutheran 
*2). I D.m 
Northern Iowa at Pan American, 
Edinburg, 5 o rn. Morningside ai Pan American, 
Edinburg, 7 p.m. 
. Bowling: Goliad Lanes, I p m. and 5 p.m. 
189 and Under Tournament, Southside Lanes, 3 p.m., 5 p.m., 7 p m Texas Tenpin Tournament, 
Highland Social Club. 12. IS p.m. 

 f lan Cook 

A R K A N S A S 1 M oncrief has shot blocked 
AP W IREPHOTO 
Arkansas roars past Cougars 

Continued from Page IS 

Delph. who had Hi. Charles Thompson scored TI and Otis Birdsong sank 21 f u r . 
Un* Cougars. 
But Birdsong, a Houston force in tile first two gam es here, was only nine of 
ZI from the floor, thanks to excellent d e fe n s iv e w o rk by A r k a n s a s ’ J im 

X A - L - X 

I 

TRANSMISSIONS 
LET US INSPECT rot/* 
ANO o w e you a 
" u Zj u Ls LS FAIHond HOVEST 
E S T I M A T E 
RESEAL SPECIAL. ^ . 95 

• P M O N T i f Ai-* REAS? SC A !-'ADJUST S A M O S 
/ S E T L lN K A O f 'R E P L A C E P A K G A S K E T * 
•CLOAK PtUW?..Ro.tm. 
'FPONTAKAR 

' n * StSSaSS* 

Bounce. 
Houston led by as m any as six early in the second half before its offense self-destructed. The C ougars were in front. 56-55, when the big swoon hit. 
Arkansas went on a 7-o streak to take a 
62-56 lead with 7:57 left in the game. 

The Hogs led by ll. 71-oo. when they 

 l a c e r s r o l l 
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) 
— Reserve guard Mike 
Flynn scored 23 points as the Indiana Pacers hand­ ed the D etroit Pistons th e ir third consecutive loss w ith a 
11S-9o trium ph Saturday night in a National Basketball 
Association gam e. 
Flynn scored 12 points in tho second q u arter as 
Indiana pulled to a 5o-52 h a lftim e lead, but the 
Pacers broke the gam e open in the third period, outscoring Detroit 28-1o. 
Billy Knight added 22 for th e P a c e r s . S teve 
G re e n s c o re d 
IO a n d 
D av e R o b isc h had 13 points and 14 rebounds 
Guard Ralph Simpson topped Detroit with 23. 
Howard P orter added 22. 

 i i 

TV 5'T oo 
-I *o-t 

 too. began to m isfire. Three consecu­ tive tu r n o v e r s b ro u g h t c r ie s from 
Hogs' Coach E ddie Sutton, who was voted the national Coach of tin1 Year 
F riday by sports w riters and sp o rts­ casters. 
However, the Cougars, playing their third g am e in as m any nights, could get no closer than four points the rest of the way. Brewer m ade sure of that, scoring six of the final eight Arkansas points. 
A corner jum p shot by Birdsong at the buzzer gave Houston a 38-37 lead at the intermission. It was just the second time the Coogs had led in the first half. 
A Birdsong layup at tin* gallie s outset was the only other CH lead. 
UA hot 
Arkansas, owning a team field goal average of 54.1 per cent. sank its first eight shots and IO of its first ll. Only 
Moncrief, failing on a turnaround hook shot at 13:14. m issed for Arkansas. 
With 14:14 left in the half. A rkansas, thanks to Moncrief. Delph and Brewer. 

 led by Kl. 1o-o. A free throw by Mon­ crief and a layup by Bounce put A r­ kansas in front by 13 with 12:4o left. 

HOUSTON (74): Rose 1 o o 2, Thompson 9 5 7 23. 
Schultz 3 o o 6, T rommel 3 2 6 8. Birdsong 9 3 4 21, 
Williams 2 O O 4 , CioMi 2 o o 4, Winder o o o o, Walker 
2 2 2 6, f ears o o o o. Roper o o o o Totals 31 12 19 
A R K A N SA S (BO); Counce I 2 2 4. Delph 7 2 3 16, 
Stroud o 7 4 2, Brewer 13 3 4 29 Moncreif 6 IO 13 22, 
Buckner o O O o. Scholl 2 3 3 7, Trumbo o o o o Totals 
29 22 29 
H a lftim e —H o u sto n 38. A r k a n s a s 37. T o tal louis—Houston 25, Arkansas 14. A - 15,262 

7 6 e r s g 1 1 7 - 1 1 1 

N EW 
YO RK 
(A P ) 
- 
G e o rg e 
McGinnis and Doug Collins com bined for 25 points in the decisive third period to lead the Philadelphia 7Bers to a 
117-114 
N a tio n a l 
B a s k e tb a ll 
Association victory over the New York 
Knicks Saturday night. 

E arlier in the day it was announced that Red H ol/m an would resign as coach of the Knicks at the close of the season. Ins loth with tilt1 club which he guided to NBA titles in 197o and 1973. 

DA once starred for T exas teams 

Bill White, our new district attorney, isn t exactly a household name and in one respect that s a shame. The DA stays in office-—or leaves—after votes are counted so a fellow who keeps a low profile might have trouble keeping his name on the minds of voters. 
White has been keeping a low profile all his life. No, he’s not bashful or shy. But he won’t be the one to put the lampshade on his head at the office Christmas party, lie s got a much better chance of blending in with the wallpaper. Unless if s loud wallpaper. 

F la m b o y a n t, h e ’s not. N ev er has been. But Bill tends to his business and gets the job done. 

Back in the early fifties White was a starting defensive halfback for the best teams fed Price had at the University of Texas. In both of Bill's seasons, 1952 and '53, the Steers wound up ranked among the nation’s top IO. The '52 club went 8-2 and whipped Tennessee in the 
Cotton Bowl, losing only to Notre Dame and Oklahoma. 

But then. as now. White took care of his job without m aking waves or cap­ turing headlines. Local and area men from those te a m s best re m e m b e re d are Tom Stolhandske. county co m m is­ sioner here and Billy Quinn, now an officer at NBB bank. They both m ade all-conference. 
Quinn knew White best in those days because he roomed with him at Texas. 

“ Bill was recruited from Denton as a quarterback," Quinn recalls. “ I don't think many realized it hut White was a better basketball player than quarter­ back. Ile was all-district at Denton in basketball and a fine prospect but he wasn't really fast enough to make a good college quarterback. Ile wound up making the football team with his smarts and not his speed." Quinn said. 

EASTERN CONFERENCE 
Pacific Division 

Dote 

P U B S. RO AD 

7 2 5 5 7 " 

W E ALSO SERVICE. 
-TOYOTAS DATSUN 
OPSLS ETtCL 
T E R M 5 A\4AlLA6UCFftff IDWiN* 
7361546 

A C R O S t f N Q M W O N O f MI A N O 
O f LOOF* 4 1 o 4 
FgeOfRlCKSfuAe *£> 

4 6 2 7 F R E D E R j C K 5 o U R 6 

B u l l e t * h i t 

L A N D O V E R . 
Md. 
(A P ) — P h il C h e n ie r scored all 3o of bis points in the first three quarters 
S aturday night, leading the W ashington Bullets to a 117-1o5 N atio n al B a s ­ k etball A ssociation v ic­ to ry o v er th e New O r ­ leans Jazz. 
T h e 
J a z z , p la y in g without flu-troubled Pete 
M ara\ tell, jum ped off to a 32-27 lead a fte r one period, but lei! behind for good m idway through the 
Stroud quarter. 
Chenier connected on 
12 of Hi shots, mostly i m cdium -rangc jum pers. 

Atlantic Division 
Los Angeles 
39 24 
.619 
W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
Portland 
39 26 
.69o 
Philadelphia 
37 24 tin: 
_ 
Golden State 
37 28 
.569 
Boston 
32 31 
.598 
6 
Seattle 
31 
34 
.477 
New York Knicks 
28 35 
444 
HI 
Phoenix 
26 36 
.419 
Buffalo 
24 49 
.375 
IV.j 
Saturday's Games 
New York Nets 
29 44 
.313 
IB1 a 
Houston 119, Milwaukee 196 
C entral Division 
Philadelphia 117. New York Kl 
Washington 
38 25 
.693 
__ 
114 
Houston 
35 28 
.574 
*> 
San Antonio 12o. Buffalo 1o9 
San Antonio 
36 28 
.563 
2 4 
W ashington 117, New Orleans 19 
Cleveland 
33 27 
.559 
3 4 
Indiana 118. Detroit 96 
New Orleans 
26 37 
.413 
12 
Portland 134, Seattle 194 
Atlanta 
26 38 
.496 
124 
Sunday's Games 
Denv er at Boston 
WESTERN CONFERENCE 
New York Knicks at Philadelphia 
Midwest Division 
Phoenix at Washington 

I 
3 
9 
12> 

Knicks 

Was he quiet in those days? lf he was a sta rter on a cham pionship team how come he never earned m uch publicity? 
Quinn tells a funny story w hen a n s ­ wering those questions. 

“ Oh yes, he was quiet in those days. 
Did a lot of studying. As a defensive back he was sensational against TOU in '52 but he didn't get much credit. 
They had us dow n 7 o and things looked bad. Then White intercepted a pass that helped us tie it up. Then he inter­ cepted another one and we finally won the game 14-7. Bill's two Interceptions turned the gam e around but I hap­ pened to score both Texas touchdowns so I got much of the credit and Bill hardly got mentioned in newspapers." 
Quinn said. 

S to lh a n d s k e r e ­ in s old 
T e x a s 

Denver 
Detroit 
Kansas City 
Chicago 
Indiana 
Milwaukee 

4! 
37 
32 
3o 
29 
21 

21 
28 
31 
34 
35 
45 

.OOI 
.5o9 
.5o8 
.4o9 
453 
.318 

9> 
12 
13 

Milwaukee at Kansas I it\ 
Chicago at Golden Stale 
Houston at New York Nets 
Atlanta at Detroit 
Indiana ai New Orleans 
( lex eland at Los Angeles 

25oo BRO ADW AY 
1219 S.W. M ILITARY DR. 
No Charge Card* Or Layaways at Theta Prices. 
IDLAND 

“a $2oo sat of oars for only 

$ 6 9 * 9 9 ! 
Como on." 

Burbank rolls 

Continued from Page IS 

 assists and two blocked shots. 
The Bulldogs canned lo free throw s in the final period arid built the lead to a peak 19 points. 
Early in the second round, Dale Roberson hit two buckets. Darryl Bethley one (w uh an assist to R ober­ son) and Dooley Young another as JP K built a 23-18 lead midway through the round. 

B U R B A N K 44. A U S T IN R E A G A N 35 
BURBANK (46) - 
Gilhert iuim o* 2o 
L eonora L am b e rt 12, 
Puente 8, Gamboa 5, Pooic I Martinez 
AUSTIN REAGAN (35) — 
Rox Ja m , 15 Overton 8 
Taylor t 
Landrum J, Reed 7. Livermore 7 
Halftime: 
Burbank 16 Rt agon 14 

And w h a t d o es m e m b e r a b o u t team m ate? x 
“ He only w e ig h e d a b o u t 175 or m aybe 18o but he was tough as nails and hit as h a rd as an y b o d y on ou r squad.*’ Tom said. T hen, for e m p h a ­ sis. he added, "really, the guy would cut you in half and then, without say­ ing a word. help you to your feet.” 

Of course, the key to Stolhandske’s description cam e when Tom d o se d with, "\ou never knew he was around but he was alw ays there when >ou needed him." 

This isn t an effort to move this co­ lumn into the political arena. But Bill was an outstanding, all-around athlete on both the high school and college lex els and w hen he was appointed dis­ trict attorney the other day there was 
.no m ention of that part of his b a c k ­ ground. 

BILL WHITE 
. . . low profile 

Somebody should tell the story but it's a cinch that White won t volunteer such information on his past deeds. 
Cage brawls 
F rom here it seem s*that basketball brawls are far different than the fights we see in other sports. 

Baseball players, for example, do a lot of shoving, clawing, clinching and scratching when they go after each other. Not since Yank manager Billy 
Martin retired as a player has there been a b a seb a ll b ra w ler who th r ew —and la n d e d —so lid , off-the- sh ou ld er p u n ch es, m uch lik e pro boxers. 

Football players usually elbow each other prior to a roundhouse punch and often, stupidly, som e angered indivi­ dual pulls off hts h elm et and s ta rts swinging wildly. The best place for a helmet during a fight is on the ow ner’s h e a d , w e ll - a d ju s te d a n d tig h tly strapped. 
Most b a s k e tb a ll fig h ts s t a r t w ith clean, powerful, su ck er punches that land right w here th e y 're aim ed. . In the last six w eeks no less than four players have been dropped with unex­ pected wallops that landed on the lug. 
This is rather surprising since most of these ex cep tio n ally tall d u d es seem rather fragile and don't appear to be geared for such wild behavior. 

Just the other night Boston's Sidney 
W icks busted G olden S ta te ’s Rick 
Barry. For the records. Barry Is 6-7 and weighs 22o. Wicks is 6-9 and 225. 

T ea m s that handle th eir own area and regional telecasts own those tapes and in the p a s t, w ithout ex cep tio n , highlights of those g am e s have been m a d e a v a ila b le to th e m a jo r TV networks. 
The Celtics, however, refused to let 
CBS. under any circu m stan ces, have tapes of the W icks-Barry beef to show to a national audience. 
You can draw your own conclusions from that decision but from here it seem s that unless som e stiff fines are dropped on sucker punchers som e va­ luable m erchandise will soon wind up off court and in hospital. 

Semifinal* 
Worth Duitoar 1 
Final* 
Punt 

Semifinal* 

O T H E R R E G IO N A L * 
Region I 
Et Raso t astAoud 68. Wiihiti 
>6 F u n 'l)'J 16 
KH AV tus'AOOa Ai 

Region ll 
>at*U* Soul'! Oak Cut! 57. Irving 
Spurs win 

T V ie r Lee 6o Br vor 

Final* 
South O ak Cl ti 66, Lei 

 le g io n III 
Semifinal*. 
M outon We*Unester 55. Houston Smiley 5o t( 
Huu*ian Wheatley 74, Clear Lake 71 
Final*; We sit Hester a . Wheatley 71, 
BURBANK AV, KENNEDY 54 
BURBANK (69) — Lintier t Saunas ?r> 
Erin st Puente 14 t 
Poote ti. Steve Gam boa. IO Lam oert A. Martinez J D Soling* 
KENNEDY (54) — Date Robinson 17. Durryt Blim ey 14. Do 
Young IO. Leggett 5, Worley 5, Ber linger i J, Scroggm* Wntis 
Halftime 
Kenned/ J7. Burbank JI 

Dor red Q«e*r ic 

LOOK AT THESE 
SUPER FEATURES fu llfil DC LU XI M odal I 3-862C . 
Rugged, quwrt 23-charmaS AM mobil® unit a ANI • Nots® blamer • External CB/PA switch a Dnito tuning a An­ tenna wawiny bght • H*gh-i®v®l module hon system • 
Mo Annum 1*9 o ! power. 

Sugg. Ret. $199.95 

CB TUNK ANTENNA 
99 
12 

CB SLIDE M OUNT 
99 
PREVENTS 
THEFT 

PA or EXTERNAL SPEAKER 
8 o 9 9 
8 

R E A G A N 7*. M O O O Y SS 
A U S T IN MEAGAN 
76) - Roy Jones 2u 
Buford Landrum 12. Mark. Taylor 12, Mike Livermore IO R etd 4 
Sutton J. Sampson 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I M O O O Y (S I) - ChaM e* M oore .5. < rt , 
Bond* I?, Pnttiip* 8, G arza 6. ta rn . 5, Jam ** I, t t.ompxon I. 
Goodly Belt, Ut,'.nua knuckle** 
Halftime: Reagan JJ, Moody . / 
Tigers lose 

 set LIAL to IM I IX P R L SS NL INS 

LOS ANGELES — I ( LA d u b b e d T rin ity 'n m e n ’s tennis* team , 8-1. Saturday, deam ltng the Tigers their second straight loss on their California tour. 
Trinity, which moved into the top spot iii the national collegiate tennis rankings this week, ha;* not won a dual m atch since. 
"W e had a bad day," understated Trinity Coach 
Bol) McKinley, whose team picked up its lone win when Larry Gottfried topped Tony G raham . 7-6. 6-2, in the No. 3 singles match. 
The Tigers completed their California road trip defeating UKC. which xxus previously top-ranked in the poll, l)ut losing to Hepperdiiie and the Bruins. 
, 
In the No. I singles mulch, I CL.Vs Ferdi Taygun 
•defeated Tony G iam m alxa. 6-3. 3-6, 6-o. and Van 
WIMTSKY followed in the No. 2 m atch by slipping past lien McKoun, 5-7. o-3, 6-2. 

SIN G L E $: 
A o 
VUU Win: 
Gottfried, TU 
Erick liker** 
7 5 J abn Au*i 
D O U BL t i 
Giammgtva, A liker *key A 
D u .'d w i 6 J, 

•erdi Toyon**. UC I A a iky, UCC* at t 
Ben jct Tony OroHam, 7 6, I 
6 I, A 4 John Foley, t ii, ULLA. del Mike Ga 
Tavgan and Wmit*** 
I, A l Foley and Oran! 
6 J 
Nil bol* and Au* 

Tony Ginmmgiya cK opn, i i , Ai. Ai i Bruet' Nit bul*. UC 
: LA, aet Dave Ben a von. Ai, Al 
UC I A aet 
Gotttr i:. UCL A, det Mc Kl it, UCLA, det 
Ben; 

A J. J A, 
Larry 
I A. aet 
•on, a J, 

 ed and 
«n and un and 

Continues from Page IS 

 doing it arc tu u different th in g s " 
Is that why the players were whoop­ ing it up in the locker room? 
"Y ea,” said Moe, "they know what they've accom plished. Bouncing back for four straight after losing the opener is som ething." 
But this was no easy victory, even though the Braxes were missing s ta rt­ ing forward Adrian Dantley, out with a case of the flu. 
Buffalo, led by the first half scoring sprees of Handy Smith and John Shu­ m ate, rolled to a 14-point ad v an ta g e midway through the second quarter. 
The effect of living out of a suitcase for e ig h t d a y s looked lik e it w as catching up with the Spurs. 
But a 13-2 burst by San Antonio over the last 3:99 of the first half pulled the 
Spurs into a 58-58 halftim e draw. 
The team s were tied, 74-74. late in the third when the Spurs' second sig­ nificant run. a 12*4 s tre a k over the final 3:1o of the third, opened an 86-78 lead after three quarters. 
"A t the end of the half we finally cam e to life," said Mot*. "W e played good, not gri-at, from the end of the first half on.” 
G reatness was certainly nut required on this night. 
"W e started out with the overplay. went to the sag, and cam e hack to the p re s s u re at the end of th e half. We went strictly with the sag in the second h alf. T h e y w e re g e t tin g too m a n y lax ups," 
All eight Spurs who played had re a­ sonably good offensive nights Not one scored U‘ss than nine points. And most of the scoring was com ing from m e ­ dium range. 
I enter Billy Puultz led the scoring parade with 24 imhuIn, but he was m ost im pressed with team m ate Larry Ken- 

 on. who had 14 points. 12 rebounds, and six assists. 
" I ’ve never seen Kenon have such giKid all-around gam es as he has had the last two n i g h t s , ” said F a u l t / . 
* H e’s been p a s s in g th e ball like a g uard." 
“ T h ey m ove th e ball b e tte r th a n 
D enver," said form er Nugget s ta rte r 
C huck W illia m s , now a r e s e r v e in 
Buffalo. 
“ W e’re to g e th e r as a te a m m o re than at any point since last y e a r,” said 
Kenon. "M aybe it’s b ecau le we have been together for a while now.” 
But th ere was m u ch . m uch m ore. 
George G e n in scored 21. while Allan 
Bristow tossed in 16. and to b y Diet rick 
LHmtnbutcd 14. mostly from 15 feet or more. 

Son Antonio (13o) 
Min tg fga ft flu reb Pf pf* 
Keeton 
JU 
I to 
o I) 
17 
4 
14 
(bbl I diag 
3V i I 
4 6 
5 
IO 
PUU’!/ 
37 
17 TO 
o o ll 
74 
GOK i i 
5 ll 
7 7 
I 
I 
13 
Get vin 
.JO k M 
5 6 ii 
o 
?» 
Dtetrirk 
71 
6 V 
I 3 
I 
I 
14 
Damon r 
Bl i*tu* 
4 6 
I I? 
I I 
I 
J 
9 
16 t o t a l s leo 
52** 

Buffalo (it*) 

I* lf t i 
It l i t 

Min fg tga ft fig reb pf pf* 
G ergra 
JI 
6 I? 
J 4 
4 
J 
IV 
Shumate 
J4 
IO 17 
5 6 
14 
o 
75 
J ort muri 
JI 
6 Ii 
7 J 
15 
4 ll 
Smith 
45 
15 75 
7 I 
7 
4 i i 
D iGi eyer nj 
JU 
J 4 
? 7 
J 
o 
* 
T o*U i 
o o 
o o 
o 
I) 
o 
Gia*wb 
74 
4 8 
J 4 
I 
I 
11 
Anam* l | 
o 5 
U o 
4 
• 
o 
William* 
6 ii a 
6 o e 
o 
Ami tit 
6 w 
o 
o 
4 
TOTALS 
24o 
45 Vt 
I* 2J 
4/ ie 
It* 

Son Antonio 
27 
JI 
28 
14 
I7t 
Buffalo i i ll 
7o l l 
— 
IO* 

ASSISTS 
Gale ll. Kenon 6 Geryin 4, Qieb it k J. 
Dumpier J, Bn*fo* I. Fault/ 2. OlUeramg I 
Smith 
I D'G* I'VQi >U 6. JuhuiUn 
J. SHUm ate J, WHIlpmI* J. 
Adon** J. O f Ord I, F oiler I. Clement I, Averill I s t e a l s Gale I. kengn I, OiBeming I, Diet r n * i, 
Bi isl,ja I Cfi aru I, Smith I. U Grugoi iu I 
T U R N O V E R S 
Son Antonia ll. Buffalo TV 
B L O C K E D SHOTS: Jonn*on J, G t i y a I 
Poult/ 
I Got* I P ith >ck I 
A T T E N D A N C E 
6*5o 
O F F IC IA L S: Cuber* ana Mu iii 

Ayala scores 
KO 

Continued from Page IS tug for breath. 
Ayala, boxing for the C ity Parks and 
Recreation club, pummeled Raymond 
Pinones for a round-and-a-half Friday night in his first bout of the tourney, forcing the retirement of Pinones’ corner. 
112th win 

Tony Ayala, Sammy’s father and coach, said the 17-year-old’s victory over Calderon, of the Calderon Boys’ 
( bib. brought his record to 112-7, 
The most act ion-packed match of all the open regional finals was the battle between the City Parks and Recreation club's Louise Guerrero and teammate 
Raymond Valenzuela for the flyweight title. 
Atter taking several punches from 
Valenzuela, who had a noticeable reach advantage, Guerrero continously bulled his way inside his opponent’s guard to win a split decision. 
In each of his bouts. Guerrero fought as well in close quarters as anyone did in the tourney. 
Favella wins 

Defending 
Junior 
Olympics flyweight champ Albert Favella. of the 
City Parks and Recreation team, won an unanimous decision over the 
Northside Boys’ Club's Dupe Martinez lo win the regional bantamweight crown in another of the night’s top matchups, 
In the middleweight final. Manuel 
Garcia, of the City Parks and Recrea­ tion club, overcame rubbery legs in the first round to knock out 11 ilario Cape- tillo. of the Eagle Pass Parks and Re­ creation club. at 1:34 in the second round. 
The Westside YMCA’* Derly Cirlos won an unanimous decision over Car­ los Flores, of the National Association of Letter Carriers club, to win the light middleweight division. 
There were three defaults in the open finals. David Pastran won the lightweight division when his oppon­ ent, independent Willia White, failed to appear. 
Trinity fullback David Beeeroft. boxing for the Northside Boys' Club, 

San Antonio-EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sunday March 6 1977 
H 

B a m 

Albert Favella, right, hits 
Lupe Martinez with a left en route to winning his bantamweight match dur­ ing Golden Gloves action 
Saturday night. — PHOTO 
BY H.M. DEAN, JR . 

 won the light heavyweight division by default, while his grid teammate Tom 
Pittman had to forfeit the heavyweight final due to an arni injury suffered in 
Friday night's action. 
Robert Roynosa, of the Blackies and 
Garza Boxing Club, will represent the 
San Antonio region in the heavyweight division at the State Golden Gloves tourney in Fort Worth next week. 
Joining Reynosa, in weight classes that were determined at press time, on the Fort Worth trek are Albert Fa­ vella, Juan Rodriguez and Beeeroft. 
The only defending champion to he unseated was Danny Favella, of the 
City Parks and Recreation unit, who lost a split decision to teammate Alejos 
Rodriguez. Rodriguez will be this re­ gion's welterweight representative at 
Port Wort Ii. 
The real fireworks will come about in later bouts where state representa­ tives will have to be determined by boxoffs. 
Ayala will face Pastran iii a boxoff between the light and light welter­ weight classes to highlight the late action. 
Winner of the regional light flyweight division, Felix Castillo, will face the flyweight winner, Guerrero, and light middleweight winner, Cirlos, will batter Manuel Garcia for the other two trips to Fort Worth. 
The highlight of the novice division was the defeat of featherweight David 
Moss. of the Laredo Boxing Club. Moss had won his earlier bouts while paint­ ing himself as the villian to the au­ dience with his ring antics. 
But the Westside YM CA’s D anny 
Trujillo put an end to Moss' show with an unanimous decision which saw 
Moss take standing eight counts in the first and third rounds, much to the fans’ liking. 

Golden G loves 

BASEBALL OR SOFTBALL 
Whatever your game, start the 
Season with shoes like the Pros wear hem R id d e ll 

KB-P The finest made. 

W hite leather upper. 

Foam padded tongue. 

Fully leather-lined. Leather 

 sole with professional 

 spikes. Black snug-tie. 

Sizes 7-13 *3495 

EXTRA BASES Very 

 attractive price. Black 

 leather upper with 

 super-light riveted nylon 

 sole and the same profes­ 

 sional spikes as the 

 incomparable KB-P. 

EX T R A 

BA SES 

Sizes 7-13 
23 
95 

WHITE RIPPER Same as 

Extra Bases but white 
*2395 

BIG RED Great Value. 

Leather upper with red 

 molded rubber sole and molded 

 cleats proportionate to size. 

Padded ankle collar and counter. 

Available in white or black. 

Sizes 7-13 *2395 

SPRINT New from Ridden. A 

 terrific value in a youth 

 baseball of softball shoe. 

Quality leather upper. 

Fully lined and padded, 

 tough P.V.C. sole with 

 multipurpose cleats. White 

Sizes 1-1o 
1495 

SPRINT 

6132 BANDERA 

I Blk. N orth 

 of Loop 4 1 o 

HOURS: 

Mon.-Fri 9-8 p m 

Sat. 9-6 p m 

684-2o2o 

AB B R EV IA T IO N S 
B O S C — Blackie s and G arza 
Boxing Club; MBC — • Northside 
Bo ys 
C lub; S B C — Southsid e 
B o ys' C lub; C S C — C ald ero n 
Boys 
Club. E S B C — E astsid e 
B o v s ’ C lu b ; E B C — E a s ts id e 
Boxing Club; C P R — City P o rk s and R e cre a tio n ; D R B C — Del 
Rio Boxing Club; E P B C — E a a le 
Pass B o vs’ Club. E P P R - E a gin Pass P a rk s and Recreation; 
INO 
— 
Independent; 
LB C 
— 
Lare d o Boxing C lu b ; M Y C 
— 
Mission Youth Center; N A LC — 
N otional A sso ciatio n ot L e tte r 
C arriers; SAC — Seguin A ctivity 
C en ter 
( B o y s ’ C lu b ); W Y - 
Westside YM C A . 
O P E N 
DIVISION 
R E G IO N A L 
FIN ALS 
Light flyweight; 
R e is Castillo, 
C P R . 1o5 2 *o n on unanim ous d e c is io n o v e r 
T o n y 
G a r z a . 
BO BO . 1o6 
Flyw eight; 
Lou is G u e rre ro . 
C P R . 1o8 won a split decision over Raym ond Valenzuela, C P R . 
I l l j. 
Bantamweight; 
Albert ra v e i la , 
C P R , 
118 •• won an un an im ous d e cisio n o ver Lu o e 
Martinez, N BC , I ’8 
F e a th e rw e ig h t; 
Ju u n Ro dr ig u e z , 
E P P R . 
123 
I K O d 
F ra n k Ja s s o , N A L C , 124 . at 
I 4s of the first round. 
Lightweight: 
D avid P a stra n 
W Y , 132 won dy defau lt o ver 
W illis White, Im D, 125 .. 
Light welterweight: ham m y 
Ayala, C P R , 132' 
KO d Dom ingo 
C a ld e r o n , C B C . 
132 a t 58 seconds into the first round. 
W e lte rw e ig h t: 
A ie io 
R o driqueZ, C P R . 146 < won o split d e cisio n o v e r D a n n y F a v e lla 
(defending titlists C P R , 139 
Lig h t m idd lew eig h t: 
D e riv 
Cirlos, W Y , 
IS I * won an un an im ou s d e cisio n o v e r C a rlo s t lores, N A LC , 149 
Middleweight: 
M anuel G o rd a , 
C P R , 158 j KO d H ilario CapeM lo, E P P R , 146 . at 1.34 In the second round. 
L ig h t h e a vy w e ig h t: 
D a v id 
B e n ra ft, N B C , 122 • w on bv d e fa u lt o v e r A b e l E s a u iv e l, 
B G B C , 168 
Heavyweight; 
Robert Reyn o sa 
B G B C , 18o > won bv default over Thomas Pittm an, WBC, 214 s Pittm an suffered a rm iniury in f riduv bout). 

L A T E F R lO A Y 'S R E S U L T S 
O P E N DIVISION 
Light Welterweight: 
Domingo 
Calderon, 
C BC , 
132' >, won an unanim ous decision o ver 
Jo e 
Duaue, B G B C . 139. 
W e lte rw e ig h t: 
A ie io s 
Ro driguez. 
C P R , 
146*4, won bv re tir e m e n t 
(T o b ia s ' c o rn e r reauested that bout be stopped) over Ernesto Tob'as, W Y , 144 
Dannv F a v e lla, C P R , 139’ .’, won on un an im o u s d e cision o ve r 
Sam m y M anzello. B G B C , 142. 
Middleweight; 
M anuel G a rc ia , 
C P R , 
158 4, T K O ’d Albert Her rera. B G B C . at 1.34 in the first round. 
Heavyweight: 
Robert Reyno so. 
B G B C . 
ISO 4. 
KO d 
Albert 
H errera, B G B C , 227*4. at 1:56 in the second round. Thomas P itt­ man. N BC , 214. won an unan 
Im ous d e c is io n o v e r 
L a r r y 
Cowey, IN D . ISI. 
Featherweight: 
Frank Jasso, 
N A LC . I J J «. T K O ’d Alfred P o s ­ to n , W Y , 125, at 33 seconds in the first round. Ju a n Rodriguez, 
E P P R . 123, won a soh! decision over Pedro Cantu, E B C . 

Light 
Heavyw eight: 
D avid 
Becroft. 
N B C . 
172 -. won bv default over Ted M artinez, IN D ., 
173 j. 
NOVICE DIVISION 
B a n ta m w e ig h t. 
C a m ilo 
Chavez, C P R . 118, won an unan im ous d e cisio n o v e r 
R o b e rt 
Truiiilo, W Y , 113*4. Tom m y E s ­ cobedo. 
B G B C , 
117 won an unanimous decision over David 
Trevino, C P R , U 8 J .. 
Lightweight: 
Jo se Luis Daniel, 
E P P R , 127*4, won an unanim ous decision over Raym ond G a rc ia , 
C P R . 131*4. 
Welterweight: 
G ilbert Saldan a. N SC . 147, won a split decision over 
Jesu s 
M. 
Canto, 
N A LC . 
143* J. 
Light Flyw eight: 
R a y 
Ro driguez, W Y , won an unanim ous decision over R ay Lopez, C P R , 
Kb . 
Fea th e rw e ig h t: 
D a v id 
L. 
Moss, L B C , 122, won an unan im ous d e cision o ve r 
V irg tiio 
G arcia. C P R , 125. D annv Truui lo, W Y , 121 4, won an unanim ous decision over 
Ju a n 
B 
M ala , 
E P P R . 124 4 
Nobis retires for new post 

ATLANTA (A P) — Tommy Nobis, un 11-season veteran with the zVtlanta Falcons, retired Saturday to join the National Football League club’s front office. 

Team General Manager Eddie LeBaron, who made the announcement at a news conference, said 
Nobis’ work would involve sales, promotion and travel. 

(Ouch Leeman Bennett said there still is a possibility that Nobis, a middle linebacker, would play again. 

"There could be a situation where Tommy might play, lie says lie would consider it in an < mergence. luke, say' when Jim Otto retired at Oakland and 
( huck How lev at Dallas. Each came back because their respective dubs needed them.” Bennett said. 

"lummy is the kind of guv who would pitch iii." 
Bim ti cit said the decision came after several discussions between 
Nobis and the 
Falcons’ organization 

During his tenure as a Falcons player, Nobis won numerous honors. Ile was Kookie of the Year, defensive rookie of the year, twice the team’s most valuable player and five limes a 
Pro Bowl participant. 
SAC prevails 

Terry Stolz singled home Mike Dumont in the loth inning Saturday to give San Antonio College a 2-1 win over Hee County ut Olmos Park iii the first game of a doubleheader 
Bee County, taking advantage of five SAC errors. 
.came buck to win the nightcap, 8-3. 
Jaime Ortiz went the distance for SAC in the first game, allowing only a solo home run to Stanley 
McGee, who played his high school ball at Clemens. 
SAC. which is now 2-8 on the year, will play Blum at 1,3o p.m. Monday at the New Braunfels High 
Fold, 

F IR S T G A M E 
B tu * 
OOO IOO OOO o - 1 
6 
4 
SA C 
OOO OOO IOO 1 - 2 
6 
2 
C o ri»o. W insouer (7) and F r o t o Ortiz and Nottonv Canos (/> 
H R S — Be e M cG ee, non* tour in 

S SC O N O G A M E 
I-*. 
OOO 41o t - 6 
7 
o 
OOO 14o o - 5 
6 ti 
Rodriguez, Row e (it , R eagan ( 6 ) and Rebeau 
I r e c e n t * and a w , A - R«*ogen c — F r eden. » 

S p o r t s o n 
T V , r a d io 

TELEVISION 
11:45 a.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
Noon (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 
12:3o p.m. (Ch, 4) — College Basketball *77: Mar­ quette vs. Michigan. 
12:36 p.m. (l h. 5) — Sunday with (he Spurs. 
12:45 p.m. (l h. 5) — NBA Basketball: Phoenix vs. 
Washington. 
1 p.iii, (Ch. 12) — The Superstars: Second Bound, 
2 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout; Boxing Highlights. 
2:36 p.m. (Ch. 4) — I torida Citrus Open Golf; 
Final Hound from Bio Pinar Country Club iii Orlan­ do. Ha. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 12) — I S. Boxing Cham pionships: 
Third Quarterfinal Hound. 
J p.m. (Ch. 5) — Nations Challenge (up: I . oi 
Arizona vs. Russian B e d Army team, I SSK National 
Champions. 
3 p.i i i . (Ch. 9) — National Indoor Tennis, 
3:36 p.m. (Ch 12) — ABC’s Wide World of Sports: 
California H I Indy-Type Race from Ontario. Calif,; 
World ice Dancing Championships 
4:3o p.in. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand 

UNIROYAL 

 si, i^M it fy, nhtDD! ii m h i!'yijyJu 
TIGER MW 
Belted 

Two Fiberglass Betts. 
Plus two Polyester cord plies. 
Whitewall. 

 r 

B—Bm TIGER PRW 
UNIROYAL 
» 
J . , 
Radial 

Double Steel Glass construction. 
Whitewall. 

A 7 8 - 1 3 W hitewall tu b e rs, plui $1,73 F CT. 

 arn) tire o ff your cat 

^ JU I 
A7& I 
D78 14 
178 14 f 79_ 14 sffi Ii 
Q7|My 

 m n 

 i J K L teJt 

$2 26 
IIJI, 
! r n 
>2 63 

178-15 

WMitf* a ,ill tubeless prices« ach plus tire oft your 

BR7 8 13 W hitewall tubeless, pius $2 o6 F.CT , 

 and tire off yow car. 

8R79 l l 
D978 14 
§R7f 
FR78-14 
o*78-14.1 i OR/815\iih?7 
MR7 8 15 
LkiZfiJi- 

Whitfttutl tube toss prices ♦ach plus tire oh your car 

Prices Shown Available at Bradford’s Texaco. See Your Independent Dealer for his price. 

DOWNTOWN 
, 
SOUTHWEST ’ 
LEON, VALLEY 

K eller 
Tire Com pany 
4oo So. Flores 
PH. 226-4111 

DOWNTOWN 

Keller** Alam o 
Tire Center 
6o1 No. Alamo 
PH. 225-3291 

International 

 rn mo 
| r n rn m W I * 
16o2 S.W. Military Or. 
PH. 924-7321 

NORTHWEST 

Arts Atlas 

335o Fredorkksburg Rd. 

PH. 736-4516 

Bradford’* Texaco 

6832 Bandora Rd. 

PH. 684-4539 

Sage b ie rs 

Court A Travis 

PH. 658-5351 

N O R T H SIDI 
SOUTHEAST 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 

M o n e tt! 
Tire Company 
6329 Son Pedro 
PH. 342-9521 

Schneider 
Tire A Auto 
226o So.W.W.White Rd. 
PH. 333-93o1 

Earl W heeler 
Tire Service 
43o2 Broodway 
PH. 826-1572 

BROADWAY 
NORTHEAST 
WEST 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

L A R E D (A P ) — S u m m a rie s at S a tu rd a y s fin a ls in the B o rd e r O ly m p ic s 
U N IV E R S IT Y D IV IS IO N 

Ja v e lin • I, B ru ce A tk in s , R ice, 2o2 2 
2, J o h n 
J e tte ry , B a y lo r, 199 S 
J, M ik 
N e w s o m . 
T e x a s 
A A M , 19J 8, J, A l N a v s , S M U . 19o J 
S. E m il 
C sw avkus, L a m a r, 182 2 
6. D ane T u ttle . N o rth 
Texas, 12J-lo 
D iscus — I, T im S cott, Texas A & M , 17.3 IO 
2, 
D onnie D a vis, L o m o r, 1/o IO 
3, D a v id M a rk e r!, 
B a v lo r, 169 o. 4, P ra n k W est, Texas A & M . 164 2. J, 
Steve S tew art, Texas A & M . 163 9 6, M a rc T a y lo r, 
Texas Tech, 163 /. 

Junior College Division 
44o — I, W illia m P o in te r, S o u th w e s te rn C h ris lio n . 49.6 2, L o n n ie G a rfie ld . W h a rto n , SO 3 3, 
A rtu ro F lo re s, M e x ic o N a tio n a l. SO 4 4, R a ym o n d 
S p e a r. S o u th w e s te rn C h ris tia n , 
SO 4 5, L y n n 
P e y to n . S o u th w e s te rn C h ris tia n , 5o 5 6. G a ry 
W a rd . R a nger, SIO 
IOO — L o rry M c K in n e y , W h a rto n , 9.9 2. D a v is 
E p p s . S o u th w e s te rn C h ris tia n , 
IOO 3, A r t u r o 
D odov, G u a d a la ja ra . IO. I 4, Sam H u ghes, R a n g e r, 
1o.2 5, L a w re n c e H icks, San J a c in to . IO 4 6, Ja m e s 
B ra tto n , R a nger, IO 7 
22o — I. S tanley W aHoce, R a n g e r, 22 3 2. L a w fe n ce H icks, San Ja c in to . 22 8 3, A rtu ro G odoy, 
G u a d a la ja ra . 22.9 4, Ja m e s B ro ta n , R a n g e r, 22 9 S. 
Roh P ra is e r. S o uthw estern C h ris tia n , 2 ! o 6, C ody 
B ra d fo rd . R a nger, 23 o. 
44o H u rd le s — 
I, A n g e l V illa lo b o s , M e x ic o 
N a tio n a l, Sh.6 2, B la ke E m m e tt, San J a c in to . S/.S 
3. Jam es E a g im , San Ja c in to , 57.7 4, B re n t H a rd in , 
San Ja cin to , 5/ 8 5, Jose A 
S a im o r, L a g u n a Tee, 
58 7 6, L u is Cueto. N u evo Leon, 59.5 
L o n g J u m p - 
I, M o is e P o m o n e v . T g rle to n , 
?3 6 . 
2, C a rl W illia m s , A b ile n e C h ris tia n , 23*6 « 
3, Jo e B e ll, A b ile n e C h r is tia n , 
22 4 
4. 
G le n 
H o w ard, A b ile n e C h ris tia n , 72 I 
5. W ayne R eece. 
M c M u rra y 
21 l l 
6. Y u k iiiro M in a m i, M e x ic o 
N a tional. 2t 5 
D iscus — 1. J e rry Cosey. H o w a rd P a yn e . 166 2 
2, S to n e iy B u n k o , Sam H o u sto n , 
164 6.3, S teve 
M edle y, A n g e lo S tate. 
16o IO 
4, R a n d a ll W h ite . 
A ngelo State, 152 I 
5, Ron S o pchgk, Sam H o usto n, 
148 5 6, Steve P a rtrid g e , W a yla n d B a p tis t, 147-1o 
J a ve lin - I, D a nny W illin g h a m , H o w a rd P a y n e , 
2o9 ) 2, R a vdoi W hite. A n g e lo State. '* 8 6 3, G re g 
W h ite , S am H o u s to n , 
19/ 5. 4, S te v e W ils o n . 
Southw est Texas, 191.2 B ria n G 'tfin . Sam H o usto n, 
189 6 6. K e vin W isem gn, W a yla n d B a p tis t, 184 9 
Pole V a u lt — I, B ru c e K in g S o uthw est T exa s. 
15 6 
2, G a ry C o u g h ra n , H o w a rd P a yn e . 14 6 
3, 
T ra c y A n dre as, Sam H o usto n, 146 
4, jo e (Jeu, 
A bilene C h ris tia n , 14 6 
5, P re d d ie S n y d e r. South west Texas, 14 o 6. tie G o ry F ris b e e . A n g e lo State, and B ill S p arks, S outhw est Texas. 14 o 
H iqh ju m p — B ill Cork 
A b ile n e C h ris tia n . 6 7. 2. 
R andy Pool, W ayla n d B a p tist, 6 S 3. D uane B ro o m , 
Houston B a ptist, 6 5 4, R o b e rt G a rz a , T e xa s a m . 
6-3. 5. T im M cC oy, H o u sto n B a p tis t, 6 I 
6. M ik e 
Cospy. H o w a rd P ayne, 6 ' 
L o n g J u m p — 
I. D a v id E p p s , S o u tn w e s te rn 
C h ris tia n , 23 3 . 
2, C u rtis M ile s , S o u th w e s te rn 
C h ris tia n , 22 2 4. 
3, S ta n le y W a H o ce . R a n g e r, 
22 I 4 
4, Ronnie W a lk e r. S o u th w e ste rn C h ris tia n , 
22 
4 
5. C h a s W rig n t, S o u th w e s te rn C h r is tia n , 
2 ' 2' 4 
6, J a v ie r M e ta , N u e v o L e o n , 2o-11 
44o Y a rd R e la y — I, R a n g e r C o d y B r a d f o r d , 
*Tom m y Jones, Jam es B ia tio n , Sam H u g h e s 42.3 2. 
S outhw estern C h ristia n , 42 5. 3. W h a rto n , 4 18 4, Son 
Jacinto . 44 o 5, Bunn. 44 o 6. G u o d a ia io ra . no tim e 
Snot P ut — I, B upoa Jones, R a n g e r, H i , 
2, tie 
A n d re s A n d e rs o n , M o n te rre y T e c h , a n d C lifto n 
P ayne. R a nqer, 45 l l J 4, T e rry L e w is . W h a rto n , 
42 IO. 5, Jet B rents, R a nqer. 41 8 '* 6. C huck S e cber, 
Bunn 4o l l 88o I, C andido Lop e*, S a ltillo , 1.54 7. 2. 
D aniel C o m p t, M o n te rre y Tech, I 56 o 3. M ic h a e l 
Sym ond. S o u th w e ste rn C h ris tia n 
I 56 2. 4, E d d ie 
S now . R a n g e r, t 56 2 
5, C h uck S c h ric p e r, San 
. J a c in to I 58 1. 6, G o n z a io F lo re s , L a g u n a T e ch 
I 59 I ( 
M itt — I C ondido M e n d 'o ia . S a ltillo . 4 2? 3 2. Scott 
G uy, San Jacinto , 4 23 o 3. John B ie y l, San Ja cin to . 
4 24 4 4. R o berto P a rtid a . S a ltillo , 4 26 / 5, E n riq u e 
R i i i; M e xico P oly, 4 26 8 6. Juan H e rre ra . L a re d o , 
4 2 /o 
M ile R elay — I, R a n g e r —G o ry W a rd , T ony Ro a rig u e /. W illia m T yle r E d d ie Show J 2d 4 2. South 

 w e stern C h ris tia n , 3 2' o 3, B o nn. 3 27.5 4, M e x ic o 
N a tional, 3 3o I S. San J a cin to , 3:3o 2 6. M e x ic o P o l;, 
3 31.5, 
Team S tandings — I R a nger, 95 2. S o u th w e ste rn 
C h ristia n , 9? 3. San Ja cin to , 83 4, M e x ic o N a tio n a l. 56 
5. W harto n, 42 6, S a ltillo , 3o 7, M o n te rre y Tech, 25 8. 
G u o d o la ia ra , 21 9, Bunn, 1/ IO, N u evo Leon. 16 l l . 
M exico P o ly. 9 12, La g u n a Tee, 5 13, N o rth H a rris , 3 
14, L a redo , I. 
H ig h P o in t M a n — D a v is E p p s , S o u th w e s t e rn 
C h ristia n , 2o. 

High School Division 
H igh J u m p — I, C h arles P e n n in g to n . H ouston 
M e m o ria l. 6-9, d iv is io n re c o rd , old re c o rd 6 8 1. 
C larence John ston, St. P e ter C la v e r, 1966 2. D a v id 
Save, Houston M e m o ria l, 6 5 3, P a t M c N a m a ra , 
P a sadena Dobie. 6-5 4. Jam es A q o e rs. P a sadena 
R a yb u rn , 6-3 5. D a nny B ow den, P a sadena. 6 3 6, 
R ich a rd H a stin g s, C orpus C h ris ti M o o d y. 6-3 
IOO — I. C h ore s P ettus, C orpus C h ris ti M ille r, 
IQ I 2. E fre n N eal. H ouston Y a tes, 1o 2 3. A ion 
C h e rry , M o n a h a n s , 1o.3 4, F r a n c is c o F a r ia s , 
L a re d o N ix o n , IO 4 5, J e r r y M a th is , H o u s to n 
W o rth in g , 1o.4 6, R icaTdo Pena. L a re d o M a rtin , 
1o.6 
D iscus — I, Joel R hyne, Tuloso M id w a y , 161 I 2. 
M ik e D o n o v a n , L a re d o N ix o n , 148 5 3, J a m e s 
H ic k s , C o rp u s C h r is ti M ille r , 
1 48 3 4, 
K a r l 
A re n d a le , S p rin g B ra n c h M e m o r ia l, 
14 / 6 5, 
T om m y G outier, G re g o ry P o rtla n d , 145 o 6 . L a r r y 
M oore. H ouston Yates, 144 IO 
44o — I, Not B a n ke t!, H ouston M a d iso n , 49.2 2, 
C lifto n D a vis, C o rpu s C h ris ti K in a , 5o o 3. W illa rd 
C h arles, H ouston Y ates, 5o,2 4, R a v m u n d o C ru z, 
L a re d o M a rtin , 5o.7 5. T e rre l R h o n e , H o u s to n 
Y ates, 5o.8 6. F e d e ric o M u n o ;, E d in b u rg , 52.1 
L ong J u m p — I, A rth u r B e ttes, C h a n n e lv ie w , 
23 l l 1 4 d iv is io n re c o rd , set in F rid a y 's p re lim s . Old re c o rd , 21 6, A le x R a y, G a lv e s to n B a ll, 
1973 2, 
R o la n d F itz g e ra ld . H o u sto n W o rth in g . 21 3 '* 3, 
A rm a n d M o u tte t, G re g o ry P o rtla n d . 2o 7 4, G a b rie l 
G it, M e x ic o Is titu te , 2o 7 5. C h a s P e n n in g to n , 
S p rin g B ra n c h M e m o ria l, 2o 5 6 
D a v id S a ve. 
S p ring B ra n c h M e m o ria l, 2o I ' j. 
33o H u rd le s — I, R o land F itz g e ra ld . H o u sto n 
W o rth in g , 38 7 2, J e ff S h ultz. G re g o ry P o rtla n d , 
39.2 3, L a w re n c e Ja ckso n , H ouston W o rth in g , 39 5 
4. K e ith C a rte r, G re g o ry P o rtla n d . 4o 2 5. S cott 
R iim fie ld , Tuloso M id w a y . 4o 4 6, D e n n is S ilv e rs . 
P asadena D obie. 4o 8. 
22o — I, C h a rle s P ettus, C o rpu s C h ris ti M ille r, 
22.2 2, V e ld a H eadspeth, H ouston M a d is o n , 22 8 3. 
A r t h u r 
B e tte s . C h a n n e lv ie w , 72 9 4, H o m e r 
T hom pson. H ouston Y a te s. 22 9 5. A la n C h e rry , 
M onahans. 23 o 6, J e rry M a th is, H o usto n W o rth mg. 23 I 

M ile — I. G eorge T n e rin o , E d in b u rg , 4 25 4 2, 
J u lia n R io s , L a r e d o M a r t in , 4 .2 5 5 3, J a c k 
M c C a rty . G re g o ry P o rtla n d , 4 26 4 4, Ray R o b e rt, 
H ouston W ash in g to n , 4 26 7 5. A g u stm S a n ta n a . 
M e x ic o V o c a tio n a l, 4 28 9 6, S te v e L a n g fo r d , 
C orpus C h ris ti K ing, 4 34 4 
Pole V a u lt — I, R andy H a il, P o rt L a v a c a Cal n o u n , 14 6 tie s d iv is io n re c o rd . D o n R a n k in , 
G re g o ry -P o rtia n d . 1976 2. R icke y H o le y , Tuloso 
M id w a y. 14 o 3, K e ith S anders, D o nna, 14 o 4. C a rl 
H e rric k , S e rin g 
B ra n c h M e m o ria l. 14 
o 5. J e ff 
H iie b ra n d . S p ring B ra n ch 
M e m o ria l, 13 
6 6. C lay 
W atson, P o rt L a va ca C alhoun, 13o. 
M ile R elay — I, H ouston W o rth in g —jo e K e lle y . 
H a ro ld S a nders. R o la n d F itz g e ra ld . A a ro n P a t le rso n 3:19 8 2, Houston Y ates. 3 :2 1 6 3, H o usto n 
M a d iso n , 3 23 1 4, G re g o ry P o rtla n d , 
3 
27.5 5. 
Pasadena D obie, 
3:27 6 6, C h a n n e lvie w , 
3:27 8 
Team sta n d in g s — I, H ouston W o rth in g , 67 2, 
G re g o ry P o rtla n d , 46 3. C o rpu s C h ris ti M ille r and 
Houston Y ates, 4o 5, S p rin g B ra n c h M e m o ria l. 34 
6, T u lo so M id w a v. 28 7, C o rpu s C h ris ti K in g . 25 8. 
Houston M adison, 24 9, C h a n n e lvie w , 23 IO, E d m 
P u rg.. 15 ll . L a re d o (M artin, l l 12, L a re d o N ixo n a n d H o u sto n W a s h in g to n , 
12 14, P o rt L a v a c a 
C alhoun, l l IS. P a sadena D obie 9 16. M on h a n s, 8 
17, D o nna a n d M e x ic o P o ly , 6 iv , P a s a d e n a . 
P a sadena R a y b u rn and M e x ic o In s titu te , 4 22. 
M exico V o ca tio n a l. 2 23, C orpus C h ris ti M o o d y . L 
H igh P o int M an — R oland F itz g e ra ld , H ouston 
W o rth in g , 76' 

 r 
MAVERICK ENGINEERING CO. 

A n n o u n c e s 
We Have M oved to new offices: 

8o33 PINEBROOK 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

S k i i n g 

SUN V A L L E Y , Id a h o (A P ) — 
S a turday S R esults to the m en s 
W orld Cup ski sla lom (c o m b in e d tim es fo r tw o ru n s) 
P h il 
M a itr e , 
W h ite 
P a s s , 
W ash . I m in u te 47 15 seconds. 2. 
In g e m a r S fe n m a r k , S w e d e n , 
I 47 24 
3. S teve M a itre . W h ite 
P a ss. W a s h , 1 :4 / 64 
4, P a u l 
F ro m m e lt, L ie ch te n ste in , I 47 93 
5. H a n s H in te r s e e r , A u s tr ia , 
I 48.2o. 6. F ra n c o B ie p ie r. ita ly , 
I • 48.56. 7 
C h ris tia n N e u re u th e r, 
West G e rm a n y. I 48 61 
8, B ru n o 
N o eckier. Ita ly , I 48*5. 9. B otan 
K riz o c h riie , Y u g o sla via - I 48 81. 
IO, B o h u m ir Z e m o n . C ze ch o s lOvakiQ. I 48 84 a h o 
13, ( tie ) G e o ff B ru c e . 
C o m in g , N Y . and C o ry A d gate . 
Boyne C ity. M ic h 
1 j9 66 

C ollege D iv is io n 
44o R e lay — I, A b ile n e C h ris tia n A) B a te m a n , Bm 
C o rk. R a ndy B a k e r, D a v id E d in s 42 o 2. S outhw est 
T e xa s, 42 3 3, H o w a rd P a y n e , 42 5 4, W a y la n d 
B a p tist 42.7 5, Sam H ouston, 42.8 6. T a r lt o n State, 
43 7 
Shot P u t — I, T e rry Cosbv. H o w a rd P a yn e , 54 I 2, 
S ieve M edle y. A n gelo State, 52 2>* 3, Jo h n M a ssin g ill. Texas A M , 5o-11'* 4, J im W est. A b ile n e C h ris lio n , 5o-7 < 5, R o b e rt D ie rske . A n g e lo State. 49 I ' 1 6. 
Steve P a trid g e , W a yla n d B a p tist, 48 IO. 
/Aile — I, F ra n c is c o M edez, Z o c o te ra s , 4 12 9 7. 
E d u a rd o C a stro , M e x ic o In s titu te . 4:13.o 3, C h ris 
S trom , P an A m ie rc o n . 4 15.1 4, J im R eeves, A b ile n e 
C h ris tia n , 4:17.o 5, A lo n zo P e n a , P a n A m e ric a n , 
4:17 8 6, Ron M e in ic h u k , W a yla n d B a p tis t, 4 18.5 
IOO — I, W iley T u rn e r, A n gelo State, 9 7 2. D a v id 
Cook, Southw est T exas, 9.8 3, L lo y d T o liv e r, H o u s­ ton B a p tist, IO o 4, C htf A d dison , W a y la n d B a p tis t, 
IO O 5, Ken H a m m o n d *, H o w a rd P a y n e . 1o.1 6, B ill 
C o rk. A b ile ne C h ris tia n , 1o.1. 
88o — I, G eorge Cobb, H ouston B a p tis t, 1:54.o 7. 
K e v in M ille r , A n g e lo S ta te , 1:54.1 3 .R a n d y WH kow tch, W ayla nd B a p tis t, 1:54.7 4, K e n n e th W licth - o rn , T a rle to n , 1:56.o 5, G a ry B ro w n , T e x o s A H I, 
I 56 9 6. T ra v is Ross, W a yla n d B a p tis t, 1. 58 9. 
44o H u rd le s — I. R onnie G o m e v, A n g e lo S late. 55.2 
2. Randy L ig h tfo o t. W a yla n d B a p tis t. 56.1 3. R o bin 
H a rris , A ngelo Stale, 56.3 4, M ik e K illm e r, A n g e lo 
Stale. 56 9 5, K ent Sim s, Sam H ouston, 57 o 6, G e o rg e 
Rasor, W ayla nd B a p tis t, 57 4 
22o — I. W ylie T u rn e r, A n g e lo State, 21 6 2, BHI 
C ork, A bilene C h ris tia n , 21 8 3, D a v id C ook, S o u th ­ west Texos, 21 9 4. L lo y d T o h ve r, H o usto n B a p tis t, 
22 o 5, C liff Addison, W a yla n d B a p tis t, 22 I 6, C h a rle s 
G room s, T arle ton , 22.5. 
17o H u rdles - I. R andy L iq h lfo o t. W a y la n d B ap tis !. 14 2 2. C h a rle s H ig h , T a rle to n S ta te , 14.5 3. 
K enny V ic k e rs . T exa s A H I, 15.2 4. R o b e rt G a rz a . 
Texas A H I, 15 4 5. D a vid E d in s. A b ile n e C h ris tia n , 
15 5 6, G a ry G lenn, H ouston B a p tist. 15.9 
44o — I. Randy B a ke r, A b ile n e C h ris tia n , 48 6 7. 
C h a rle s G ro o m s , T a rle to n S ta te . 48 7 3, E d w in 
P ric e . S o u th w e s t T e x a s , 48 8 4, R e n o G u z m a n , 
H nuston B a ptist, 49 4 5, F re d W o oda ll, T exa s A H I, 
49 5 6, R aym ond Johnson, Sam H o usto n, 5o I 

12o H u rd le s — '. C u rtis M ile s , S o u th w e s te rn 
C h ris tia n , IS 7 2- K e n n e th F u d g e , S o u th w e s te rn 
C h ris tia n . 15 7 3, B la ke E m m e tt, Son J o c m to , 15 6 
4. T im W alsh, W h a rto n . 15 8 5. M a rio n B e a u fo rt, 
S outhw estern C h ris tia n , 15 9 6, B re n t H a rd in , San 
J a cin to . 16 I 
H IG H SCHOOL D IV IS IO N 
44o Y a rd R elay — I. H ouston Y a tes D e nnis S cott, 
H om er Thom pson, T hom as M c D a n ie l, E fre n N eal. 
43 4 7. Houston W ashington. 43.5 3, C o rpu s C h ris ti 
M ille r. 43.7 4, H ouston W o rth in g . 43.9 5, G re g o ry 
P o rtla n d . 44 I 6. S p rin g B ra n c h M e m o ria l, no tim e 
88o — I, R lg n d o V a rg a s , C o rp u s C h ris ti K in g , 
I 58 3 2, J o rk K e lly . H ouston W o rth in g , I 58 I 
3, 
A d o H o L e o n , M e x ic o P o ly , 1 :5 9 .1 . 4. A r m a n d o 
R e y n o . E d in b u rg , 2 OO o 
5. C h a rle s D u n n . P a sadena, 2 OO 4. 6. Boo B a llo w , C h o n e tv ic w , 7.OO 5. 
12o H u rd le s — I, Jeff S ch ultz, G re g o rv P o rtia n d . 
14 I 2. G e ra ld A lien , C o rpu s C h ris ti M ille r, 14 8 3. 
R oland F itz g e ra ld . H ouston W o rth in g , 14.9 4. A rth u r Bettes, C h annelview . IS .I. 5. D a v id Soys, S p rin g 
B ra n ch M e m o ria l, 15 I 6, Roscoe M a so n . H o usto n 
Y a tes. IS I 

COUG AR R E L A Y S at Cote 
BOYS 
T e e m : 
P flu g e r v ille 17o, M a rb le F a ils 
" o , 
C o tulla HO, SC A n thon y 47' . 
H o ly C ross 44, Cole 
43. M a rio n 41, Lo V e rn ia 5, S o m erset 4, N a ta lia l r 
L u lin g o 
Discus: 
I. F e rn a n d e z . 
Nolo od. P flu g e rv ille . 147 o; 
’ ''OS 
,, „ 
„ 
Pole V a u lt 
I. F u lle r, St 
A n th o n y , l l o. 
2. 
(fe w e r m isse s) P e iie z. C o tu lla . 1o 6, 
3. (fe w e r m isses) Peeples. St 
A n thon y. 1o 6 
Shot P ut. 
'■ B e rg m a n , M a rb le F a lls , 49 IO . , 2. 
B e c k e r, P flu g e rv ille . 46 3; 
3. F e rn a n d e z . 
H o ly 
Cross. 45 7‘ J 
. 
, 
Long J u m p 
I. C asey. P flu g e r v ille 
19 9. 
2. 
W hitw e ll, C o tulla, 19 5 
3, n o rth e rn , M a rio n , 19 I 1 j. 

H igh Jum p 
I. W h itw e ll. C o tu lla . 5 'o . 2. F u lle r, 
St A n thon y. 5 8. 3. (tie ) V a u g h n . La V e rn ia , and 
D ickie h u t, M a rb le f a ils. 5 6 
44o Relay: 1 M a rb le F g iis. 44 6. 2. C o tu lla . 45 4. 
3, M o n o n , 46 ' 
„ 
_ 
88o: t, C s o ic h o d o . C o tu lla . 2 o8 6, 
2- O slo . 
C o tulla. 2 o9 7; 3, Ja re m x o . St 
A n th o n y . 2 o9 9 
12o H u rd le s : 
I. H a t f ie ld . M a rio n , 
15 8 
2. 
Casey, P flu g e rv ille . 163. 
3. R iv e ra . H o ly C ross. 
16 6 
IOO: 
I. L ittle fie ld . M a rio n . 1o 9; 
?, W h itw e ll, 
C o tulla. " o , 3, U n derw ood . M a rb le F a ils . " 2 
44o: 
I, A m os, M a rb le F a ils . 51 2; 
2. Jone s. 
P fiu g e rv il 52 5. 3, R onald D a n ce v. Cole, 53 9 
33o Hurdles 
I. Casey. P flu g e rv ille . 42 8. 2. Ron 
Busov. C o lt. *3 3. 3, Thom pson, C o tu lla . 44 2 
22o: 
I. Sanchez. P flu g e rv ille , 24 o. 2. T h o m p so n . 
C otulla, 24 5; 3. S o rre lls. P tiu g e rv m c. 24 6 
M ile : 
I, D oyle. M a rb le F o ils . 4 47 2. 2, G a rc ia . 
C otuno. 4.5o 3, 3, M ontes, St 
A n th o n y. 4 58 2 
M ile R e la y : 
I 
M a r b le 
F a n s , 3 46 6 
2. 
P h u g e rv ille , 3:37.6; 3, Cole. 3 43.1 
Bench Press: 
(F e a tu re ! I. A lle n . P flu g e rv ille . 
3oo pounds; 2. B e rg m a n , M a rb le F a lls . 3. C o n e lv. 
M a rb le F o ils 

 hock elated 

H o ly C ro ss, I 53 I 
2. 
3. A lle n , P flu g e rv ille . 

K och leads 

ORLANDO, Fla. AP) - Gary 
Koch capped off a seven-under- par HS with a dramatic, 2o-yard pitch that found the cup for a birdie on the final hole and gave him the third-round lead Satru- day in the $2oo,ooo Florida Ci­ trus Open Golf Tournament. 

The 24-year-old Koch ripped a joyful shout from the throats of the sun-baked gallery with his near-miraculous pitch over a yawning bunker, and raised both arms aloft in a victory salute be­ fore posting his 24 total. 12 under par for 54 holes on the hot, humid and heavily-wooded Rio Pinar Country 
Club course. 
“ A lucky-great shot,*’ said Koch, a 
University of Florida product, who got in trouble on the hole after one of his fans yelled “ Go Gators,” as he stood over ins approach shot to the green. 
“ It unnerved m e,” he said, and grinned. “ But FII take the hole as it is. 
I ll take my three and run.” 
Koch, who won the Tallashassee 
Open as a rookie last season, owned a two-stroke lead over Bill Rogers and veteran Ken Still, tied at 2o6. Still had a four-under-par HK in the muggy heat and Rogers had a 69. 

O S H M 
A H SC Sporting Goods 

OPEN TILL 9:oo MONDAY & THURSDAY NITE 

SEERSUCKER 
JUMPSUITS 

Carefully tailored and detailed 
6 5 % 
Dacron*' 
P o lyester-35% 
Cotton...light and comfortable for your best leisure look. 
A d­ justable belt for trim fit, two chest pockets and two back pockets. Select from blue/white, brown/white stripes. 
Sizes S-M- 
L-XL, Short, Regular, or Long. 

23.95 

 r n 
MEN’S SLACKS 

K ■ 
'Y .»» 
- x tffy P I 
\ 
' !k t 
\ 
Good looking slacks in belted or beltless styles. 
Choose from a wide as­ sortment of patterns and solids at prices you can’t pass up. 
1o.99 to 24.99 

PURITAN KNIT SHIRTS 

For the sporting life these action- packed knit shirts are great for those care-free spring days coming up. 
Made of 6o % cotton and 
4o% polyester in sizes S-M-L-XL and in white, light blue, yellow, royal, and green. 
14.oo 

Saturday’s golf results 

O R L A N D O , 
FIO 
( A R ) 
— 
T h ird ro u n d s c o re s S a tu rd o v in the $2oo,ooo F lo rid a C itru s O d en 
G o d 
T o u r n a m e n t o n th e 
6 .9 2 9 -v o rd . p o r-7 2 R io P in a r 
C o u n try C lub course 

 ti 
A 

4 

.— — TI, 

 h 
I 
OSHMAMS Sporting Goods 
7 2 7 N O R TH W E S T LOOP 4 1 o 
Phone S4*-428i 
B etw een San P edro O Blanco Road f A cro n From Central Park Mall] 
OPEN AN O SHM AN'! CHARGE OR UBC YOUR BANK AMERICARO OM MASTER CHARGE 

G Koch 
B Rogers 
K Still 
B bender 
6 M arsh 
M Reid 
D Hayes 
J Inman 
M M cLendon 
S Melnyk 
B G ilder 
A North 
D E dwards 
D Douglass 
T ja c k tin 
G Jones 
J HOOS 
W A rm strong 
F 2netter 
R F iord 
B K ro n e n 
M Barber 
M Mu xes 
J Dent 
E Sobo 
H Twitty 
M M cCullough 
M Irw in 
A Palm er 
F Fez'er 
B Barnes 
J Simons 
B Crrssy 
M Mo* lev 
K 2d' ley 
L Woos ins 
M Lye 

7o 6® AS— 7o4 ry. /I 69—2o6 
6vn®68—fc * 
CVA/ 71-21)7 
7(W,VA8-2o/ 
71 wA6H-?o7 
7' 69w8 — 2o8 
6 8 6 9 /1 -/o 8 
71 /oA 8-2o9 
72 68 A®-2o9 
73 ASA® —21o 
7 o /3 *7 -7 1 o 
69 7o71-21o 
69 71 71-71)69 
77 7o- 7M 
71 71*7-711 
I i /(V69-7M 
67 71 7 o -7 U 
7JA / 71-211 
71 7o 7o-711 
7o 73 e8 — 211 
7! AV 71-211 
71 73*7-711 
7o 74 68— 712 
72 6® 71-212 
6b 7371-217 
69 7 3 7 o - 212 
72 71 69-71? 
71 77 69-212 
7?AS 7 J -7 1 I 
71/o 7 1 -2 1 ? 
72 71 69-21? 
7o68 74-21? 
I i /I 67-71? 
73 72 67-212 l l V J 6 6 -2 U 
*9 75*9-213 

V Pp go kl do 
67 74 72-213 
B C rensniw 
71 69 73-213 
G G 'ib e rt 
7368 72-211 
C Reft# 
69 72 7 2 -2 U 
T O 'fl! 
67 76-7o-213 
G Burns 
72 7o71-213 
J Schroeder 
71 74 69-214 
B Lunn 
74 71*9-214 
B Cote 
JI JI 7o-214 
O E K B ft& ergtr 
69 74 71-214 
T Jovre 
7o 74 7o-214 
B Joecket 
73 7(3 71 —214 
J. C.Snood 
7) 77 71-214 
D ov'fl Hoberi# 
74*9 71-2)4 
M Kaser 
69 7V 71 —215 
C SiHord 
73 72 7o-215 
C Cncxjv 
JO 7V7o-215 
R Craw ford 
74 71 7o-215 
B Motion 
71 71 73-215 
L Elder 
*9 73 74-216 
B M urphy 
7> 7o 7 > - ? 16 
B Alim 
71 73 72-716 
G McCord 
- 
77 72 72-216 
B Hiskey 
75.7(3 71-216 
L Loft 
7(376/2-216 
C SonudO 
7669 7 J -2 I6 
D Ramey 
7V 7(3 72-217 
P F itzsimons 
7372 77-217 
M Rudolph 
7o-7673-217 
E SneeO 
73-71 7 3 -2 1 / 
B Eastwood 
77 77 74—2>8 
C C Rodriguez 
73 JO 75—218 
B Thoinoson 
71 72 75-218 
M HotO'sky 
7(37375-218 
L Trevino 
7372 74-219 
L Hebert 
72 77 75-219 
B F lesher 
7(571 79-22o 
S Lee 
77 7? 76—22o 
R P arker 
7(37576-221 
S Show 
JI 73 7 6 - 221 
M Hill 
71 76 7 6 - 221 
B Wodkms 
76 7(3Withdrew 
College cage scores 

82 

C O LLE G E B A S K E T B A L L 
S a turday s R esults 
TH E N A T IO N 
B ig IO Ten 
M ic h ig a n 84. P u rd u e 79 
M inne sota 
1o5. 
N o rth w e s te rn 

M ic h ig a n St 6?. illin o is el 
In d ia n a 75, O hio Si 69 
Iow a ®4. W isconsin 93, ? OF 
S o utheastern Cont 
Tennessee 81. K e n tu c k y 79 
M ississip p i 9o. LSU *8 
A ig p a m o 81, A u b u rn 77 
V a n d e rb ilt 74, G e o rg ia 71 
F lo rid a 79, M is s is s ip p i St 
77 
P o c itic 8 
U C LA 78. S o uthe rn C a lifo rn ia 
69 
W estern A th le tic Cont 
W yom ing *o. Teags E t P a so 59 
A rizo n a st 95. A riz o n a 8v. GT 
U tan *7, B rig h a m Y o ung 54 
C o lorado 5t 78, N ew M e x ic o *4 
Ivy League 
P rin ce to n 61, V ale 39 
Penn 78, B ro w n 77 
H g ry g rd 77, C orned 71 
C a lu m n ia 93. D a rtm o u th 57 
M id A m e n c o n Cont 
B o ll St 83. K ent St 8o 
Toledo 64, W estern M ic h ig a n 
49 
C e n tro ! M ic h ig a n 94. B o w lin g 
G reen 91 
W est C oast AC 
P o rtla n d 93, N e vada Reno 7? 
N e v a d a L a s V e g a s I I I . P ep- b e ra in # 94 
O T H E R T E A M S 
Notre D am e 93, San Francisco 
82 
* 
M a rq u e tte 7?. C re ig h to n *o 
U N C -C h a rio tte |7 , v a 
C o m m on w e o ith JI 
Case W estern R e serve 77, Wo 
S h in g le r 8, Jefferson 6 ’. 
T O U R N A M E N T S 
N C A A D iv is io n I 
Southw est C o nfe ren ce 
A rka n sa s 
8o, 
H ouston 
74, cham pion snip 
M etropolitan Cont 
C in cin n a ti 74. G e o rg ia Tech et. cham pionship 
A tla n tic Coast Conf 
N o rth C a ro lin g 75, V irg in ia 69. cham p io n sh ip £ 
Missouri Volley Cont 
S outhern Illin o is 8?, West Tex 
OS St 69. c h am p io n s h ip 
Ohio V ottev Cont 
M iddle Tennessee St 
77, Aas tin Pegy 65, ch a m p io n sh ip 
B ig Shy Cont 
Idaho Si 61 
W eber St 55 
ECC 
H o fs trg 
8?, 
LoS uiie l l . cham pionship 

SCVL 
Duquesne 
57, 
V H ionovg 
54, ch a m p io n snip 
M a s s a c h u s e tts 91. W est V i r ­ g in ia 83, co nso lation 
ECAC 
U pstate S o uthe rn D iv 
S yracuse 6J, O ld D o m in io n 64, cham pionship 
M etro New York Dix 
St 
John S N Y 
83, seton H a ll 
71, c h a m p io n sh ip 

H o o k ey 

 n a t i o n a l h o c k e y l e a g u e 
C A M P B E L L C O N F R E N C E 
P a trick Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
41 
13 
12 
94 
267 
176 
N Y is la n d e rs 
19 
18 
9 
87 
226 
16o 
A tla n ta 
26 
78 l l 
63 
2o6 
215 
N Y 
R a ngers 
23 
3o 
13 
59 
222 
246 
Sm ythe Division 
St 
Louis 
78 
3o 
J 
63 
19) 
218 
Chicago 
23 
34 
IO 
56 
711 
744 
C olorado 
19 
35 l l 
49 
193 
237 
M innesota 
17 
33 
15 
49 
195 
254 
V a ncouver 
19 
4o 
8 
46 
179 
253 
W A LE S C O N F E R E N C E 
N o rris Division 
M o n tre a l 
SO 
J 
IO n o 
377 
155 
P itts b u rg h 
27 
27 
12 
66 
7oo 
71o 
Los 
Angeles 
76 
78 
12 
64 
218 
197 
W ashington 
19 
35 
13 
SI 
18) 
755 
D e tro it 
16 
41 
8 
4o 
163 
242 
Adam s Division 
B u ffa lo 
O 
2o 
6 
86 
747 
183 
Boston 
38 
21 
J 
83 
249 
2o1 
T oronto 
29 
7 7 
IO 
68 
755 
233 
C leveland 
21 
34 
IO 
52 
191 
226 
. 
T hu rsday's G om es 

T r a n s a c t i o n s 

M A JO R L E A G U E B A S E B A L L 
S A N F B A N C I SCO G IA N T S : 
S ig n e d r e lie f p itch e r R ondv M o ftitt to o fiv e y e a r c o n tra c t. 
B a seb a ll 

 n o r t h w e s t 
The N o rth w e s t L e a g u e w ill o p e n its se a s o n 
M a rc h 27 at H oly Cross F ie ld . The B hdwo B u g s m eet the Southw est D o dgers a t 1:15 p m . a n d the 
R andolph M e rch a n ts b a ttle S o lo s C afe at 4 is 

C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
S a tu rd a y 's G am es 
Texas A A M at Texas Tech, pod. ro m st 
M a ry s 6 3 . 
B a y lo r 
4 4. second g a m e . 
1o 

 inrvngs 
TCU 3 11, R ice I 4 
O klaho m a C ity at Pan A m e ric a n , c a n c e lle d ra in 

S o ftb all 

Boston 4, N ew Y o rk Rangers I 
N ew Y o rk Isla n d e rs 4, D e tro it 2 
P h ila d e lp h ia S. V a n c o u v e r 2 
M o n tre a l 5, P itts b u rg h I 
W ashington 7, C h icago 4 
B u ffa lo 7. Los A n gele s 2 
F rid a y 's G om es 
No gom es scheduled 
S a tu rd a y 's G om es 
M o n tre a l 7. N ew Y o rk R a n g e rs 2 
Si. Louis 2. New Y o rk Is la n d e rs I 
P h ila d e lp h ia 4, D e tro it I 
C leveland 2. A tla n ta I 
Boston 3. B u ffa lo I 
V a ncouver 4. T o ro n to 4 
M innesota 6, C o lo ra d o 3 
P itts b u rg h at Los Anqeles 
S u n d a y's G om es 
St Lou is a t M inne sota 
C leveland Of N ew Y o rk R a n g e rs 
A tla n ta at W ashington 
M o n tre a l a t B u ffa lo 
C hicago at Boston 
New Y o rk is la n d e rs o f C o lorado 

W O R LD H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
E a s te rn D ivsio n 
W 
Quebec 
C in cin n a ti 
In d ia n a p o lis 
N ew 
E n g la n d 
B irm in g h a m x M inne sota 
W cste i 
H ouston 
W inn ipeg 
Son 
D iego 
C a lg a ry 
E d m on ton 
P hoenix x fra n c h is e disbanded 
T h u rs d a y ’s G om es 
C a lo g o rv 4, B irm in g h a m 2 
E d m on ton 5, W in n ip e g 4 
F rid a y ’s C o m e s 
New E n g la n d 3, H ouston 2 
San D iego 4. In d ia n a p o lis 7 
S a tu rd a y 's G am es 
Quebec 6. Son D iego o 
C in c in n a ti 6, In d ia n a p o lis o 
Phoenix 4, W in n ip e g I 
S u n d a y’s G am es 
Houston at C in c in n a ti 
B irm in g h a m at E d m o n to n 
Son D iego a t C a lg a ry 
Quepec at New E n g la n d 
P hoenix of In d ia n a p o lis 

B E T O 'S L E A G U E 
A ll m a n a g e r s in te re s te d in fo rm in g a le o g u e w ill mee at Beto s W ednesday a t 7 p m . F o r m o re in fo rm a tio n co ll 684-6652. 

Tra«*k 

L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
38 
25 
I 
77 
278 
215 
32 
28 
3 
67 
285 
21o 
28 
3o 
7 
63 
216 
241 
28 
34 
6 
62 
221 
252 
25 
37 
3 
53 
227 
24o 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 n Division 
38 
2o 
6 
87 
25o 
IRR 
35 
28 
2 
77 
289 
741 
33 
29 
3 
69 
216 
225 
76 
31 
5 
57 
195 
7o8 
26 
36 
2 
54 
179 
217 
25 
37 
J 
S3 
229 
23o 

B o lf 

A U S T IN IN V IT A T IO N A L 
F in a l re su lts at le a d e rs and San A n to n io e n trie s in the A u stin ISO in v ita tio n a l F rid a y a n d S a tu rd a y 
Of M o rn s W illia m s a n d J im in y C lo y c o u rs e s : 
T E A M L E A D E R S 
A u stin L B J 595, 
2. A m m o 
H e ig h ts 628. 
O th e r SA s c o re s . R o o s e v e lt 656. 
C h u rc h ill 658, H ig h la n d s 665. M a c A rth u r 679; Lee 
696 
M E D A L IS T S ' 
D o n g N e lle , L B J . 
145, 
M a rk 
H e ncjrix. L B J . 146 
Top SA b lu s h e r. F ra n k J o y c e , 
A la m o H e ignts, 153 

C A R P E N T E R S 
M a rty M a rtin e z , Bob G re e n e , ir a J o h n so n , Ai 
B a rth , 42; P a u l Settee. Red C la y to n , F id e ) M e n ooza. T o m m y M cC u llo u g h , 45 
K o v S m r! shot a hole in one w hen she aced the 9o v o rd th ird w ith o 
I iro n . 

T e n n is 

C Y S T IC F IB R O S IS T O U R N E Y 
The Lone S tar C h e a te r of the C y s tic F ib ro s is 
Fou n d a tio n w ill soonsor o dou b le s to u rn e y fo r its cause at T u rtle C reek C o u n try C Iu d A p r. 
15-17. 
P lo v e rs o re a u c tio n e d o ft to th e ir p ro s p e c tiv e p a rtn e rs a t a d o n e e A p r 
14 a t 
T u rtle C re e k 
T rin ity s ta rs L a r r y G o ttfrie d and T ony G 'a m m o t va w ill co m p e te . C o ll 732-2o1 1 to r fu rth e r in to r- m o tio n 

T B A R M 
The e n try d e a d lin e to r the T B o r X s M en s 8 
L e v e l to u rn a m e n t, to be p lo y e d S a tu rd a y a n d 
Sunday c t N o rth e rn H ills , is W edne sday. P la y e rs 
25 y e a rs o ld o r o v e r, w h o h a v e n t b e e n s ta te ra n k e d or ha ve p la y e d at ch a m p ro n s h io le v e l, o re e lig ib le C oil 655 7564 fo r fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n . 

Horst* H a rin g 

G A R D E N S T A T E : 
Iria u O is H a n d ic a p — C o r m o ro n t ($41, Iro n D e rp y , D o T h e B u m p . S i* fu rlo n g s m t IO 35 
S A N T A A N IT A 
S45.8oo S ie rra M a d re H a n d ic a p 
— • S p o rtin g G oods ($9.4o), M o n e y L e n d e r, De trim e n ta l Six a n d one n g it fu rlo n g s Qm I I i 45 
A Q U E O U T C T : 
SSI,525 N e xt M o ve H a n d ic a p — • 
N in e i n s S u n s e ts (S U I.4 o ), D o u b le Q u e s te r, 
Shark s Jaw s. O ne a n d one e ig h tn m ile s in ) 51. 
BO W IE 
$58,9oo N a tive D a n ce r H a n d ic o o — * 
J o tty J o n u ($ 2 6 ), R ip o n , G o R o g e r 
O ne a n d one sixte e n th m ile s in I 44 15. 
F A IR G R O U N D S : 
$25,ooo L o u is ia n a D e ra y 
T ria l — • Run D u sty R un ($2 8o), C le v E r T e ll, Sea op a • G o To The Bonk ($4 2o), R om eo, L im ite d 
A d d itio n . One m ile a n d 7o y a rd s in 1:42 25. 
G O L D E N G A T E : 
$15o ooo C a lifo rn ia D e rb y — 
C o /w u z w ro 'tg ( $ U 8 o ) . C a th y s R e ie c t. R u le r s 
B lade One a n d one sixte e n th m ile s in I 43 25 

S U N L A N O 
F e a tu re — B lo ck L m d is m o ($3 8o), 
D unces Sw eeper, F o lly Scout Si* fu rlo n g s rn I t i 

E D G E W O O D JU N IO R H IG H M E E T 
7th grade g irls 
1st Pen 79 P O . k l h j r o ^ a irts 
1st L e a l 93 5 p o in ts 
7th g ra d e Boys. 
B re n tw o o d 8 / > 
D O . n t s 
8th g ro d e b o ys: 
H o r landale 51.4 points 

BO YS’ D IV IS IO N 
Teem Scoring — 
S o u th w e st 125. U v a ld e 71, 
South San W est 69. F re e r 6o, C a rriz o S p rin g s 56, 
P le a s a n to n 41, L a re d o U n ite d 3 t. P e a rs a ll 2o, 
Eagle Pass 2o, Hondo 14, S o uthside 12. D e v in e IO. 
C ry s ta l C ity 8. 
Shot Put — 
I 
Jion A c k e r, F re e r, 53 9 j ; 
2 
T e rry M onroe. P le a sa n to n ; 
3. D 
W e rle v . S outh side 
High Jum p — 
I 
W illie K n o w le s, So San W est. 
6 4; 2 
Ray D cS pain, P le a sa n to n , 3. M 
T h o rp e ! 
L a re d o U nited 
Discus — 
I 
A c k e r, F re e r. 161 I 
(re c o rd , old re co rd 151-o bv A c k e r. 1975). 2. G. F o s te r. F re e r; 
3. S K o w a lski, L a re d o U n ited 
Pole Vault — 
I 
(b e ) G E s c o b a r, F re e r, a n d G 
A rg u ig o , P le a s a n to n , b o th 
IO 6: 
3 
J. G a rc ia . 
F re e r 
Long Jum p — 
I. Ken C ooper, S o u th w e st, 22 7 '* 
(re c o rd , old re c o rd 21 5 bv U n d e rw o o d . U v a ld e , 
1976); 2 
R 
Todd, So. Son W est, 3. K en J e n k in s , 
Southwest. 
IOO Uosh — 
I 
Je n kin s, S o uthw est. 1o o5, 2 
F. 
T re vin o , P e a rs a ll; 3 B 
B o ykens, So. San W est. 
4*o Oo$h — 
I 
K C ooper. S outhw est. 52 7; 2. E. 
T re vin o , U v a ld e ; 3. A Ju a re z. C a rriz o S p rin g s. 
88o D a sh — 
I. J 
D o cku m , S o uthw est. 2:o4 9. 2. 
D 
M cC auley, S o uthw est,; 3. A. G u o ia rd o . S outh west 
12o High H urdles — 
I 
W. B e rry , U v a ld e , 15.2; 
2. L 
R eynolds, P le a sa n to n ; 3 
R 
L u n a . F e re e r 
44o R elay — 
I 
S outhw est, 44.7; 
2. S outh San 
W est, 3. C a rriz o 
J3o |H _ 
I 
R 
L un a. F re e r, 41 2, 2. L 
R e vn olds, P le a sa n to n ; 3. J. P a ro d e o u *. U v a ld e 
22o Dash — 
I. Je n kin s, S outhw est, 22 8. J?. 2 S. 
T re vin o , P e a rso n ; 3 J 
B lo o m e r, So. Son W est 
M ile Run — 
I 
T. G o n z a le s , U v a ld e , 4 35 7 
R ecord, old re c o rd 4 36 9 bv R. T a y lo r, B o e rn e , 
1974); 2 A 
L o z o rd , C ry s ta l; 3. rn 
K le in , S o u th ­ west. 
M ile R e lay — 
I 
E o ale P ass, 3 36.6; 2. C a rriz o 
S p rin g s, 3. South Son W est. 

G IR L S ' D IV IS IO N 
Team Scoring — 
C a rriz o S p rin g s t o i ' j , S a b in a l 
95 .. C o tulla 95. South Son W est 7o, S o u th w e st 51. 
P e a rs a ll 44, L a re d o N ix o n 38. P le a s a n to n 28, 
F re e r 4 
Discus — 
I 
L. S ch aefe r, S a b in a l, 1oo 1. 2 
N. 
F a rr, S a b in a l; 3 C 
Coden, C o tu lla 
Long Jum p — 
I. F 
B ro w n . C o tm lla , IS / 1*; 7 T. 
M unoz. C a rriz o , 
3 V. E d w a rd s , L a re d o N ix o n . 
High Jum p - - 
I D 
D om co. S o uthw est. 5 2; 2 P. 
G riffin , S a b in a l; 
3. 
D A rm s tro n g , C o tu lla 
Shot Put — 
’ 
C 
C oden. C o tu lla . 34 2’ x; 
2 
B 
B row n, P le a sa n to n , 3 N 
F a rr. S a b in a l 
T rip le Jum p — 
I 
S. B ro w n , C o tu lla . 34 7 . 
(re c o rd , o ld re c o rd 32 'o bv W rig h t, P e a rs o n , 
1976); 2 V 
Sutton, So San W est; 3 V. E d w a rd s , 
L a re d o N ixon. 
IOO Oash — 
I 
D S h c rfie id . S o u th w e st, l l 8; 2 
P 
G eorge. So 
Son W est; J 
L 
B a k e r, C a rriz o 
S p rings 
8o Low H urdles — 
I. D P rik ry t, P e arso n , l l 8; 
2 P B isenba ch. S o uthw est; 3. E H m o io s o . L a re d o 
N ixon 
44o Dash — 
I 
O 
D a v e n p o rt. C a rriz o S p rin g s , 
1 o2 2; 2. C P u ente , S o b m o i; 3. S. T o tte d . C a rriz o . 

88o E m n — 
I S B ro w n , C o tm lla , 2 22 9 * r e c o r d . old re c o rd 2 29 o av B ro w n , 1976); 2 
R 
J u a re z , 
S a bina l; 3. D A rm s tro n g , C o tu lla 
*4o B e la y — 
I. South Son W est, 53.6. 2 C o rc iz o 
S p rin g s; 3. P leasan ton 
88o E e ta v — 
I 
S o b m o i. 1 52 3. 
2 
C a r r iz o 
S p rin g s; J. South Son W est. 
22o Oash — 
I 
D S h e rtie ld . S o u th w e st, 27 o; 2 
M 
F is h e r, C a rriz o S p rin g s ; 
3 
M . H g lv e rs o rt. 
C o tu lla 
M ile Run — 
I. N. G a rz a . L a re d o N ix o n , 5 56 o; 
2 J 
Long, P e a rs o n ; 3 L. B re z m s k i, S a b in a l. 
M ilo R elay — I C a rriz o S p rin g s. 4; 13 8 (re c o rd o ld r e c o rd 4 ?9 o, C a rr iz o S p rin g s , 
1 9 7 6 ); 
2. 
C o tu lla ; 3. S abinal. 

JU N IO R V A R S IT Y BO YS 
T ea m S c o rin g — 
U v o id e 121. S o b m o i l l * , 
C a rriz o S p rin g s 1o7. H o n d o 56, P le a s a n to n 46, 
S outh Son W est 28, C rv s to l C ity 26, F re e r 
14, 
Southside 13, S outhw est 13, C o tu lla l l . PeorsoH 6. 

B o w l i n g 

Rugby 

A rm y 
64. 
M q n n o tto n 
62. conso lation 
N ew England Div 
H oly C ross 68. P ro v id e n c e 67, 
C hgm pionsnip 
C o nnecticut 
72. 
F a irfie ld 
66, consoiotton 
NCAA Division ll 
West Regional 
Cpi P o ly SLO *8. P u g e t Sound 
54, cn a m p .o n xn ip 
S e q ttie P a n t ie ®4. C o l St * 
H a yw ood 74, con so la tio n 
Northeast Regional 
A ssu m ptio n 86. B rid g e p o rt 84. consolation 
Sou rn Atlantic Regional 
V irg in ia U n io n 1o7, W in s to n 
Saiem 93, con so la tio n 
G re at Lakes Regional 
Y oungstow n St i i , B e lla rm in e 
79 
W O M E N S B A S K E T B A L L 
TA IA W State Tournam ent 
At E dinburg 
Stephen F 
A u stin 73. W a yla n d 
B a p tist 72. c h a m p io n sh ip 
T e « a s A u s tin 84, B o y io r 7 |, 
• th ird ptoce 
H o u s to n 74, T e x a s T e ch 54, tilth pigce 
H IG H SCHOOL B A S K E T B A L L 
State Tournam ent 
Class AA AA 
Region IV 
Cham pionship 
B u rb a n k 46, A u stin R eagan 35 
Sem ifinals 
Burbank 6®. K e nnedy 54 
A u s tin R e a g a n 7o. C o rp u s 
C n iis tt M oody 58 
Region I 
Cham pionship 
F o rt W o rth O unpor 68, E l POSO 
E a stw ood 63 
Semifinals 
Et P aso E a stw ood 68. W itm tg 
F a tly R ider 57 
F o rt W orth D g n p a r 56, P a m p a 
46 
Region ll 
Championship 
D q H q s S o u th O oh C u lt 66, 
T yler Lee 54 
Semifinals 
T yle r Lee 6o, B ry o n 48 
D anas South Oak C lift 57, try 

,n« H 
Region III 
Cham pionship 
H o u s to n 
W e s tc h e s te r 
74, 
Houston W heatley 71 
Sem ifinals 
H ouston W estchester 55. H ogs ton S m iley 5o, O f 
H o u s to n W h e a tle y 74, C le a r 
Lo se 71 
Class AAA 
Cham pionship 
D a in g e rfie ld 72, B o rg e r 68 
Class A 
Cham pionship 
B ro a d d u s 64. W h ite w rig h t 71 
Sem ifinals 
B ro a d d u s 56. Shook 52 
W h ite w rig h t 7o, S e agraves 51 
Class B 
Championship 
Le g g e tt e l, P o w e ll P o int 52 
Semifinals 
P o w e ll P a in t 59. w -ca u ld s 46 
L e g g e tt e t, H u tto 46 

S A 
R U G B Y C L U B 
The Son A n to n io R u g b y C lu b r e m a in e d un defeated (4 o) m Texas R ugby U n io n C ub co m p # 
Hon a n d s tre tc h e d th e ir w in n in g s tre a k to 21 
S a turday a fte rn o o n bv B eating T*-«os A & M , 28 3 in th# v ic to ry at O lm os P o rk . B ru c e S e m tm g er and L o rry G onego led the SARC w ith e ig h t points each 
Tom W eiss, Tom H ughes, o n d J im St. V ille each scored to u r points 
San A n to n io s B Side b la n ke d A & M . 18 o, B e hind 
J e rry N e u te r s 18 po in ts 
P o lo 

The Selm a S m ok.es ra p p e d R e to m g F o rm s . 6 2, in polo a ctio n S a tu rd a y at B ra c k e n rid g e P o rk 
A t 2 JO p m Sunday o f B ra c k e n rid g e , K in g s v ille w n i p lo y o m a tch a g a in s t C ibolo V o tte v 

SW JTB A 
Leaders of the Southwest Jun ior T o u rn a m e n t 
Bowling Association Tourney through S a tu rd a y s action of Gonad 
This is tthe fifth and final week 

T e e m : a — Black S ab b ath , 3o24; 
B — F e ­ rocious Bowlers. 312*; C — Cox s A rm y , 31o8, O 
— Brooks No J. 2982. E — Hot Shots No. 4. 3,o38 

Doubles: 
A — W ovne B y ra m , ond W alter Sm ith, 
13o7. B • Kathleen Kours ond M elisso S e h ran k, 
IJ23, C — A iexo N o rm an and J im m y B u rd ic k , 
1329. D — H a rn e tt Smith and T e rry Soivev, 1291; 
E — Anno Ruiz ond C horlie G reen, 1284 
Boys Singles 
A — Joe Bennett. 7o5. 8 — D a v id 
D e H a rt, 718, C 
— (tie ) Stephen W aggo ner end 
Bruce Dodson, 686. O — C raig Titus, 722; 
E — 
Ronnie H eisham on, 658 
G irls Singles: 
A — Jeam ne Schoock. 635, B — 
Kathleen Kours, 725. C — Jo Anno Pinkston, 739; 
D ** Liso Gonzales, 668. E — Debbie G onzales. 
696 
Boys A ll-E vents 
A — Louis B enavides, 1963, B 
— D avid D eH art. 2oo4. C — F ran k M ottos. 198o, D 
— Craig Titus, 2o36; E — Robert L o rve o . 1948 
G irls All Events: 
A — ju n e Rood. 1884, B — 
K athleen Kours. 2o97. C — Jo Anno P in k s to n , 
2 )o 9 . 
D - 
J e a n K lo u s , 
1884; 
E 
- 
D e b b ie 
Gonzales, 2o17. 

W o o d i n k s p a d 

SARASOTA, FU. (AP) - Knuckle- ball pitcher Wilbur Wood, who sat out most of last season with a shattered left knee cap. Saturday signed a.one- year contract with the Chicago White 
Sox for a reported $14o.(NKI 
Gudger top coach 

SMCUl TO THI fXPf ISS NfWS 
SAN MARCOS - Jim 
Gudger of East Texas 
Slate has been named the 
Lune Star Conference 
Coach of the Year after guiding the Lions to the conference and S A IA 
D istrict 4 cham pion­ ships. lie was a unanimous choice of the loop s sports information directors. 
East Texas will take a 
23*8 record to the NAIA national tournam ent which starts Monday. 

A l a m o H e i g h t * 

 w i n * f i l l e 
Alamo Heights won the city high school soccer championship Saturday, heating Holmes. 1-o, in sudden (leatti overtime. 
Wayne Erler scored the winning goal for Alamo 
Heights, which advances to the state tournament. 
Heights will play a team from Houston next Sun­ day at Olmos Park in a 
Iii st round match. 

EXECUTIVE APPOINTED 

Ed Lamm 

Al Huffington, vice-president and general manager of O. R. Mitchell 
Chrysler-Plymouth, the Southwest^ largest Chrysler products dealer has named Ed Lamm as Assistant Gen­ eral Manager. Lamm's experience in the automobile business began in 
1947 and he joined O. R. Mitchell 
Chrysler-Plymouth in 1959. He is past president of the Greater San 
Antonio Safety Council and past vice­ president of the San Antonio Sales & 
Marketing Executives Association. He invites his friends and customers to visit him at the showrooms located at 2 8 o o Broadway across from 
Brackenridge Park. 

The Snake hake 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

 ll has been a frustrating year for Ed Messbarger. 

Never mind that his St. Mary’s bas­ ketball team posted a 23-6 record, its fifth straight 2o-win season. 
Or that the Rattlers successfully de­ fended their Big State Conference title for the lith straight year. 
The season was spiced bv as much off-court turm oil as a heated race between St. Mary’a and Texas Luther­ an offered on the floor. 
It has been frustrating, said Mess­ barger. “It started with the Southwes­ 

 tern thing (timeout for technical controversy), then came Shuler’s (TLC 
Coach Jim) blast, and, finally the last thing (James Gray eligibility squab­ ble).’’ 
Messbarger has passed off the inci­ dents as an effort to detract from his team's success. 
“I don’t appreciate those things,” he said. “I don’t coach the game that way. 
I think there are more things to win­ ning than spending your time doing stuff like that. 
“I don’t try to worry about what the other guy does,” he continued, “lf you work harder and execute better then you can win or you’ll lose to a better team. If somebody beats you, they 

 beat you.” 
Through all the flack St. M ary's came within one victory of making a fifth trip to the NMA tourney. The season ended last Tuesday with a 72-56 loss to East Texas State in the District 
4 title game. 
Messbarger said “ It was a shame it ended this way” because he felt the team developed to a level by the end of the season where ‘‘they could have gone all the way.” 
The Snakes must replace three key seniors, Bobby Reid, Roy Leggett and 
Larry Gooding. 
“It's going to be difficult,” admits 
Messbarger. “We’ve got a lot of ques­ tion marks. I couldn’t say today who is 

 going to be starting for us. But several of these kids are going to be players. " 
Sophomore guard lieon Walls and 6-8 muscleman Mike Cunningham will be back from the starting five. Brian 
Schroder. Darrell Brogdon and Mark 
Pawzun contributed in occasional starting roles and from the bench. 
Messbarger also will have consider­ able experience returning in Youral 
Means. Johnny Whitnell, James Gray and Bobby Jaklich. 
Jim Matheny, the Highlands ex. and 
Howard 
B rothers, form erly of 
Edgewood, will be eligible next season and could find a place of prominence. 
Both are in the 6-5 range and physical. 
The Rattler mentor plans to bring in 

 a couple of more players from his and assistant Buddy Meyer's recruiting travels and does not count out the pos­ sibility of Howard James, Bruce Wil­ liams, Bobby Sum mers or Marcus 
Hudson finding their niche. 
“Maybe we’ll have a little more ba­ lance and speed,” he said. 
“ Continuing to win is tough,” em­ phasized Messbarger. “We’re going to lose one of these years. It’s just a heckuva tribute to the kids to keep coming back. 
“A lot of people talk about this being a weak league, but I don’t care what kind of league you are in. it is tough to kt'ep winning every year. 
ROY LEG G ETT 
. . . graduates 

 fW Y E A R 

SAVE 
V H 
I Bb 
*2o7o to $366° 
WHITEWALLS 

A78 x 13 

Save $2o.7o per pair 

Plus $1.73 F.E.T. Per Tire. 

G78 x 14 
G78 x 15 

Save $27.8o to $3o.5o per pair 

E78 x 14 

Save $25.3o per pair 
2for‘59 2for65 
2lor73 

Plus $2.26 F.E.T. Per Tire. 

F78 x 14 
F78 x 15 

Save $24.7o to $27.3o per pair 

Plus $2.42 or $2.52 F.E.T. 
Per Tire. 

Plus $2.58 or $2.65 F.E.T. 
Per Tire. 

H78 x 15 

Save $28.3o per pair 
2fcr‘74 2for*84 2for85 

Plus $2.88 F.E.T. Per Tire. 

L78 x 15 

Save $36.6o per pair 

Plus $3.12 F.E.T. Per Tire. 

S a le P ric e s o n O th e r S iz e s t o o . Black walls $ 5 .o o Less P e r P a ir. 

R A D IA LS at 74 PRICES 

Steel belted ‘Custom 
Tread’ radials now priced at ’74 levels 
(the com parable 1974 tire was Custom 
Steelgard’). 

Whitewall 
Size 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Steelgard) 

Plue F.E.T. and old tire 

BR78-13 
$4o 
$2.o6 
FR78-14 
S54 
$2.47 
FR78-14 
$58 
$2.65 
FR78-15 
$59 
$2.59 
GR73-15 
$61 
$2.9o 
HR78-15 
$64 
$3.11 
JR78-15 
$69 
$3.27 

SAVE 2o* ONIPOLYESTER 

A78-13 blackball plus 
SI.73 F.E.T. 
No trad* needed 

Blackwell 
Size 
SALE 
PRICE 
Hue F.E.T. 
No trade needed 

B78-13 
$21.8o 
$1.8o 

E78-14 
$24.4o 
$2.26 

G78-14 
$27.5o 
$2.53 

H78-14 
$29.6o 
$2.73 

G78-15 
$28.2o 
$2.59 

H78-15 
$3o 3o 
$2.79 

‘Power Streak’ . .. our best selling bias-ply tire is on sale now through M arch 19. Tire-up now and save/ 

Sale Ends M arch 19th 

RAIN C H ECK — lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the adver­ tised price. 

N o Trade N eed ed 

S lR V IC f OFFERS BELOW A V A ILA B LE O N L Y AT G O O D Y E A R SERVICE STORES 
SPRING TUNE UP TIME IS HERE! 

Lube & Oil Change 

Up to 5 qts of major brand 1o/3o grade oil. 

• C o m p lete ch a ssis lu b r ic a tio n and o il change • Helps ensure long w earing parts and sm ooth, quiet perfo rm ance • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 
Ask for our Free Battery Power Check 

Front-End Alignment 

Any U S made car — parts extra if needed 
Excludes front-wheel drive cars 

• Com plete analysis and alignment correc­ tion — to increase tire mileage and improve steering • Precision equipment, used by ex­ perienced mechanics, helps ensure a preci­ sion alignment 

Just Say 'Charge 

• G oodyear Revolving Charge • O ur Own Custom er Credit Plan • M aster Charge • BankAm ericard 
• Am erican Express Money Card • Carte B lanche • Diners Club 
GOODBYE A R 

See Tour Independent D e a le r For Hie Prico. Prices A s Show n A t G o o d y e a r Service Stores In A ll Com m unities S e rve d By This N e w sp a p e r. 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES Open M on., W e d ., Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5:3o Tues., 9 to 5:3o Sot. 8 to 5 
I 

D O W N T O W N 
• Id S. St. Mary’s 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
ISIS Austin Highway 
824-o2o8 

NORTH STAR 
226 Rector 8 4 4 -9 7 8 6 
(Across from N. St. Mall) 

NORTH 
47o2 San Pedro 
824-2371 

D O W N TO W N 

4o1 N. A lam o 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 

11479 Perrln-Eeltel Rd. 
656-3111 

’ — ......... 
. . . . 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
625-2323 

KERRVILLE 
257-8484 
I 

NORTHW EST 
SSM Fredsbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
1811 West Commerce 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2181 S.W. Military 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1846 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
8o8o last Com m erce 
225-7266 

NORTHWEST 
1498 H illcrest 
434-31o6 

FREDERICKSBURG 

997-7556 

SEGUIN 

379-228o 

SARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
Devine, Texas 
653-57o6 

B A U M A N TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 
735-5251 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 

119 W . O aklaw n Hw y. 97 W est 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
•29 Pet S e e k e r Road 
Universal City, Tx. 658-4771 

Pope 6 -S 
H 
So n Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday M arch 6 
9 7 7 
HS Baseball 
SPUR BOSS 
By Bob Dale 

 a i 

 e e o m . M t s e a s o n o a a o o N s , b u l l d o g s s p l i t 
*=«■*» Gam e 
Sou tkw e s* 
32? o13 o - l l 
9 
3 
So m e rse t 
OOO 3o1 o — 4 
4 
7 
M a rtin e z. R 
R o b e rt s *5 1 a n d S n o w d e n ; H e r ­ nandez. P ie d ra <51 a n d Cline. W — M a rtin e z (1-1). 
L — P ie d r o <o-11. R ic h B l a ir 2 4 to r D r a g o n s . 
C lau d e R o b e rts 3 R B t a id e d victory. 

N e o n ] Gam e 
Southw est 
OOO 1o1 o - 2 
3 
2 
So m e rse t 
?oo o2o x — 4 
7 
5 
B la ir, M a rtin e z (S I and S n o w d e n ; P e n a a n d 
Cline. W — P e n a (1-o1. L — B la ir (O i l 
F o r Sorrier set! A lfred D e H o v o s th re e R B l s on tw o ru n s in g le a n d sac fly. G e n e G u z m a n a n d Jo e D e L o R o s a 
Doth 2-4 

C H U R C H IL L 12, SO U TH SA N 7 
C h u rc h ill 
OO) 741 o - 12 
6 
2 
South Son 
o21 2o2 o — 
7 
6 
5 
N loper, T. Sm ith (4) a n d E lle v ; t . O rtiz, A lo n z o 
(4) and B n se n o . W — Sm ith ( IO ) 
L — O rtiz * o 1) 
W ild n e ss w as the sto ry of this ga m e . o s Sou th S o n h u rle rs w alk IO on d C h a rg e r D itc h e rs d o s s se ve n 
C h u rch ill got two hits o n d five w a lk s in b ig fourth. 

F O * T E C H 9, A L A M O HTS. S 
(Eight Innings) 
F o x Tech 
OOO o5o o4 — 9 
3 
2 
A la m o H ts 
1o1 o3o OO - 5 
8 
4 
M onee. G a rib o v (5) a n d Lo p e z. M e u rm . B a s s 
(8). C on ch o la (8) a n d D e Le o n W — G a r ib o v ( I O). 
L — B a s s * o 2) 
In T ech eighth. H e ig h ts p itc h e rs w alke d six 
In tLtlh. H e L g h ts w a lk e d three o th e rs o n d contributed three e r r o rs T reto tw o-run sin g le to r T e c h 
B illy M e u r m 3 4 o n d tw o R B l s tor 
H e ig h ts and A n th o n y C a n c h o io 2 4 a n d one R B L 
G a rib o v tanned six in relief role. M e u r in fan n e d eight. 

St G e ra rd s 
oo3 OOI I - 
S 
6 3 
Jefferson 
4o? o12 x — 
9 
8 2 
G a r z a a n d R e s o o n d e r , F r a n k D o v a l o s a n d 
P a v tic h w - D o v a lo s ( IO ) 
L — G a r z a ( O H . H R 
— St 
G e ra rd s. C h a rlie M euth, solo. 6th in n in g . 
Jefferson. M a rtin e z, solo, 5th inning. R o d rig u e z of 
Jeff went 2-3; C h a rlie Pue n te of St. G e r a r d s w ent 
2 3 
F IR S T G A M E 
L e e 
OOO 3oo I — 
4 
7 4 
Ju d so n 
6o1 o1o x — 
8 
6 I 
F e rg u so n . B a r n s (2) a n d B e e k m a n H o b e rstro h a n d 
H u n t s m a n . 
W 
— 
H o b e r s t r o h ! 
L 
— 
F e r g u s o n (2-o1. ( I I) 
F ik o w e 2-4 w ith 2 R B l s tor 
Ju dson. 
SC C O N O G A M E 
L e e 
OOO OOO 4 — 
4 
8 4 
J u d so n 
33o 'o o - 7 
8 
3 
G re m m e r, A lv a re z (? ) a n d O sb o rn # . H o h e n se e a n d H u n tsm an . W — H o h e n se e ( l l). L — G re m • m e r *o-1). P ik e went 2-3 a n d H o g e n se e 2-4 for 
Ju d son . 
SO U T H SA N W EST S. 
M G H L A N D S I 
Sou th S o n W est 
2?o o1o o — 5 
3 
o 
H ig h la n d s 
OOO o1o o— 1 
4 
2 
C o r o a , H itc h c o c k 
(7) a n d R e tn h a rd ; B ie se n - b o c h , R o e (6) a n d G a r c i a W — G a r c i a 
(1 -o ). 
L — B ie s e n b o c h * o 11. H R — H ig h la n d s . A r t A r r re d o n d o (ll, 5th, solo 
H ig h lig h ts; 
M a rtin e z o n d L o F o s s e both w a lk e d w ith the b a se s loaded in the second in n in g for the 
.C o u g a rs , w ho sc o re d their other th re e r u n s on e rro rs A io n S ta rr nod two hits, in c lu d in g a triple, tor the w inners. 
F IR S T G A M E 
E a st C entral 
OOO OOO 2 — 2 
4 
2 
C le m e n s - 
OOI 112 x - 5 
9 
7 
B lo c tc r, Ste to m c * 5 ) o n d W est. M o h o n v o n d 
O e lT o ro W — M o h a n y *1 -o ). L — Stotonic <o-11. 

G len H ill w ent 3-4 for E a st C e n tra l BtSlv 
Sa lte r went 2-3 a n d h a d 
I R B I tor C lem ens. 
SE C O N D G A M E 
E a st C e n tra l 
OI I OOO o - 2 
« 
3 
C le m e n s 
12o IOO x — 3 
5 
4 
L a n g e a n d W est. W Seller o n d D e lT o ro . W — 
Seller (I O) 
L - L o n g e (o-2). Salte r of C le m e n s w ent 2-2 with two doub les and 2 R B l s 
RO U G H R ID E E S S W E E P 
F irs t Gam e 
Roosevelt 
o1o 1o? o — 4 
4 
3 
M a rsh a ll 
OOO o21 o — 3 
3 
2 
T a la m a re z . S p e a r 
,) a n d K lm e fe ld e r; M ort w a r i n g , 
T o o p e r w e in 
(6 ) a n d 
F r a n t w n 
W — T a la m a r e z ( IO ) . L — M a n w a r in a * o - ) ) . B d l 
D ittm on 2-4 a n d two R B l s tor E o o se ve lt 

Se co n d G a m e 
(Eight Innings) 
R oosevelt 
o)o OOO o3 - 4 
3 
I 
M a rsh a ll 
OOO IOO OO - I 
3 
2 
Santos, Ju m p e r 
(2), S p e a r (4) a n d K lin e fe ld e r; 
M oose. W illis 
(8) a n d Fro ntzen , W — S p e a r 
(1-o). 
L — M o o se (l l). In eighth, R id e rs w in on sau e e z e bunts, one ot w h ich w a s throw n 
E D G E W O O D T O U R N E Y 
C O N SO LA T IO N B R A C K E T 
S E M IF IN A L S 
M E M O R IA L S, E D G E W O O D 3 
M e m o ria l 
OO? 2oo I — 5 
9 
J 
E d g e w o o d 
IOO 2oo o — 3 
7 
4 
G u a d ia n o a n d G u e rra ; B a iza, D ia z (5) a n d C a n o 
W — G u o d io n o (1-o). L — B a iz a *o -2 ). Ste ve G u a d ia n o of M e m o ria l a n d R o b e rt G u tie rre z of E d g e w o o d both 
2-4 
W IN N E R S ' B R A C K E T 
S E M IF I N A L S 
M A C A R T H U R 5. L A N IE R 2 
(13 Innings) 
M a c A rth u r 
1o1 OOO OOO OOO 3 - 5 
8 
2 
Lan ie r 
OOO 2oo OOO OOO o — 2 ll 
I 
Long, v e g a n (7) a n d W if e le s s ; L e v v o . M e d in a 
(7) a n d C h e tw o o d 
W — V e g a n ( IO ) . L — M e d in a 
((LM . B a c h m a n tripled a n d sto re d in first tor M a c 
B r a h m a s ' w in n in g in n in g co m e on on ly L a n L e r e rro r of g a m e a n d to u r stra ig h t hits. F r e d d v 
M e d in a fonned l l in se ve n in n in g s of relief, V o k! left 12 m en on base. 
L O S E R 'S S E M IF IN A L S 
JA Y 5. B U R B A N K 2 
B u rb a n k 
OOO o2o o - 2 I 
2 
J a v 
O il 21o x - 5 5 
2 
B a n d o . G o m e z (4) a n d Z e rd o . 
C a s a r e z o n d 
H u r le r ! . W — C o so re z (2-o). L — B a n d o (o-1). T om 
C a sa re z tanned IO a n d w a lk e d on lv one d u rin g h is one-hitter, a n d P a u l T rin id a d hod two hits e n d two 
R B I s tor the M u s ta n g s D e lo G a rz a s fifth -in n in g double w a s on lv hit oft of C a sa re z. 
J a y 
141 4o? 3 — IS 
9 
4 
M e m o ria l 
12o IOO o — 4 4 
9 
C a rd ick, N o rw o o d (5) a n d K e a r n y B o s m o n awd 
G u e r r a . C i s n e r o s 
( 3 ) , G u e r r e 
( 6 ) . 
H R 
— 
M e m o ria l. R o la n d A lv a ra d o , solo in fourth W — 
C o rd ic k ( 1-o». L — B o s m o n *o-2). K e a r n y went 3-S with 2 R B ls. C h u rc h w ent 2-5 w ith 2 R B l s a n d 
K o rik o went 2-3 w ith I R B I tor Joy. 

M C C O L L U M 9, K E N N E D Y 3 
K e n n e d y 
OOO o12 o — 3 2 
* 
M c C o llu m 
OOO 351 x — 9 6 
2 
Pe re z a n d O rtiz; R a ie v. Covet (4), P e re z (6) a n d M c D o u g ie 
W — C o ve t (1-o). L — P e re z U M ) . 
T e rry R a ie v 2-3 tor C ow boys. 

C H A M P IO N S H IP 
M C C O L L U M 5, M A C A R T H U E 2 
M c C o llu m 
o3o OOO 2 - 5 
5 
2 
M a c A rth u r 
IOO IOO o — 2 
6 
4 
P e re z o n d M c D o u g a l ; W o o d o n d W h e e ie s s. w — Pe re z ' 8-o). L — W ood * o 1). 
Highlights: 
C h ris C ru z a n d B ill H a ll e a ch d ro v e 

EXECUTIVE 

5RDCTVIM& M E W S 

PHARMACEUTICAL 
SALIS 

Carpus Christi and 
And other Southwester* 

 rn San Antonio, 
Imgen, Texas 

 for complete details, sa# ear ad rn today s Cbswfied Section 

ORTHO PffAftMftCIUTKM 
CORPORATION 

Re ed en, N o w tora ay O H AR 

Al Mufti! 

Athletic sem inar slated 

The Bexar County Me­ dical Society will conduct an Athletic Injuries Se­ minar Monday, Mar. 14, at the Society offices at 
2o2 W. French Pl. 
Among the speakers will be Baylor trainer 
Skip Cox; Auburn trainer 
Kenny Howard; Harvey 
Cox, emergency medical technician with the San 
.Antonio Fire Dept., and 
Ors. Jack Henrv, Bill 

O PEN l l AM -3 AM 
Paris-Rubb 
2854 Hunter*)* Green 
(Off «f V t Mill tar* thru.. Om M * (Jtv Lto*»l 
•/lr PRH t TO Cl'S 
492-2994 

( A A > — 
F u r l B r t h r F a d 

B lessum , Ed McCabe and Al Sanders. 
Free registration be­ gins at 8 a.m., followed by a welcoming address by 
Dr. 
C harles 
H. 
Hooper, president of the 
Bexar County group. 
A uto 

The points positions in the 1977 w o r ld d r i v e r s c h a m p i o n s h i p ' otter S o tu rd a v s Sou th A fric a n 
G ra n d P rix at J o h a n n e s b u r g $ 
K y a la m i C ircuit 
1, 
J o d v 
S c h e c t e r , 
S o u t h 
A frica, 15. 
2, (tie) N ik i C aud a. A u stria , and C a rlo s R e u te m a n n . A rg a n , tina, 13. 
4, James Hunt. B rita in , 9 
5. (tie ) E m e r s o n F ittip a ld i.1 
Brazil, ond Corlos P ace. B ra zil, 
6. 
7. Patrick Departer. France. 
4. 
A. 
(tie ) G u n n a r 
N ils s o n . 
Sw e d e n ; Jo che n M a s s , G e r ­ m an y. an d M o rto A n d re tti, 
Nazareth. Po., 2. s ll. John Watson. Ireland: ond 
Renzo Zorzi. Italy, and C loy 
Reoazzoni. Switzerland. I. 

 in two ru n s tor the unbeaten C o w b o y s, w h o w on their fifth stra igh t gam e. 
F R E D E R IC K S B U R G . T O U R N E Y 
C H A M P IO N S H IP 
H O N D O 3. H O LY C R O SS I 
H oly C ro ss 
OOO o1o o — 1 
4 
I 
H o n d o 
o1o1 2oo x — 3 
7 
; I m G u sm o n a n d G onzalez. O rte g o o n d A lv e re z W 
— Ortega. L — G u sm a n . H all had triple tor H o ly 
C ro ss. O rte g a o n d L o u g h in g h o u s e had tw o h its eoch for Hondo. 

T H IR D P L A C E 
B O E R N E 7. F R E D S 'B U R G 6 
F re d e ric k sb u rg 
oo3 o3o o— 6 
7 
5 
Boe rn e 
OOO 12o 4— (7 
6 
2 
E H a rt m o n a n d W illia m s 
A sto ria , G o rt o n (4) a n d 
Cole 
W 
G e rto n 
L — H a rtm a n 
K u h im a n h od trio le a n d tw o R B I tor B illie s and Kott hod two hits a n d two m o re ru n s hotted in. B o e rn e sc o re d w in n in g ru n w hen R ichter sin gle d ho m e Cole to sn o D 6 6 tie in seventh 

C O N SO LA T IO N 
T IV Y 4, P O T E E T I 
Poteet 
OOO OOO I — I 
2 
2 
T iv v 
IOO 111 x — 4 
7 
I 
M e n o a n d D o v ila Sm ith ond W a y 
W • Sm ith L 
— M e n o A g u ire B had a triolc for 2 P oteei M ic h e l a n d K otser had two hits t'ach tor K e rrv ille . 

S E V E N T H P L A C E 
F re d e ric k sb u rg JV 2. Sou th sid e I. 

N E W B R A U N F E L S T O U R N E Y 
D IV IS IO N ll 
T H IR D P L A C E 
C O LE ll, H A Y S IO 
Hays 
o3o 142 o - IO 
7 
3 
Cole 
2o2 OOI 6 - l l 
12 
S 
(Two out whon winning run scored) 
Cardenas and McGee: Metcolt. N o ie s (S) and 
M ik e Hagen W — Notes (1-o). L — C a rd e n a s. H R — 
Cole: Joe Krawczvk ( I) , 1st. solo; M ik e Hagen 
<?). 2nd. one on Mike Haoen big gun tor Cougars, hitting homer, triple, double and g a m e w in n in g single in five trips He had 3 E S I. D a r r e ll K u re k 

D IV IS IO N I 
W IN N E R S ' S E M IF IN A L S 
N S C A N Y O N IO, C E N T R A L o 
C en Coth 
OOO OOO 
o - o 
I 
6 
N B C a n yo n 
2o1 421 x - IO 
14 
o 
G a r c ia . A v ila (3 ) o n d S o lis ; 
F o r e m a n a n d 
B o rm o n n . W — F o re m a n . L — G a r c ia (o l l 
J e r r y 
Z a m o ra got onlv Button hit on th ird -in n in g doub le 
F o r C a n y o n , S te ve Stolte 2-3 a n d I 
R B L Je ff 
B o rm o n n 3-4. 

T H IR D P L A C E 
C E N T R A L 14, SA N M A E C O S IO 
Centro! 
521 Jo3 — 14 
16 
7 
So n M a rc o s 
333 oo1 — 1o 
8 
4 
(S ix Innings. Time Lim it) inqiett, San ch e z (2) a n d P o llo c k; B o c c u s. Q u in ­ t e r o 
(4 ) a n d 
J a c k s o n 
W — S a n c h e z 
(2 o ). 
L — Quintero. F o r C entral. R o b e rt M o r a 2-t a n d I 
P B I; D a v id P o llo ck 2-4 o n d 4 R B L a n d R ic h a rd 
G a m b o a 3-5 a n d 3 R B L F o r So n M a r c o s . T ony 
W a lke r 2-4 and I R B L Steve M u r r a y 2 3. 

Late Friday Eesults 
Division I 
A U ST IN SF A IO. N. B R A U N F E L S 5 
A u stin H ig h 
o1o 423 - IO 
IO 
5 
N B ra u n fe ls 
OOO o32 - 5 
6 
6 
(Six Innings, Time Lim it) 
Lan ca ste r, Schiefter (6), D u h a (6) a n d W illia m s; 
M o ra le s . C h o p a (4) a n d Robinette. T a u sc h <4) 
W — L a n ca ste r L — M o ra le s. 

N J . C A N Y O N 9. S E G U IN J 
Se gu in 
23o o o 1 - 6 
2 8 
C a n y o n 
2oo 124 — 9 
6 3 
(Six innings, Time Lim it) 
K e lle r a n d T rista n ; C a m p b e ll, L la n o s l l ) a n d 
B o r m o n n 
W — L la n o s . L — K e lle r . H R — S e g u in : 
W undt. 2nd. one on 

A U ST IN S F A 4, SA N M A R C O S 3 
A u stin H ig h 
OOO o13 — 4 
6 2 
S a n M a rc o s 
3oo OOO — 3 3 4 
(Six Innings, Time Lim it) 
R o c h a a n d W illia m s ; H o lid a y . W a lk e r (4) a n d 
J a c kso n W — R o c h a L — W a lk e r. 

T R A V IS S, N E W B R A U N F E L S 4 
U N M Innings) 

N ew B r o o m e s 
OJI OOO oo — 4 
8 
I 
A u stin T ra v is 
11o o2o o1 — 5 
IO 
I 
(One out when winning run scored) 
T a u sch and V illa n u e v a ; R o b e rtso n a n d M o lo n e y 
W — R o b e rtso n L — T aO sch 

U V A L D E T O U R N E Y 
W IN N E R S ' B R A C K E T 
U V A L D E S. U V A L D E JV 4 
Varsity 
4oo o1o o — 5 8 
3 
Jayvees 
OOO o2o 2 — * 6 
3 
Alderson and Neutze. G arcia (3); P rad o and 
Gormon. W — Alderson (1-o). L — Prado. 

M E D IN A V A L L E Y 9. D 'H A N IS I 
D'Hanis 
OOO OOO I - I 4 
3 
M.Volley 
o12 ISO x — 9 
IO 
I 
Zlnsmever. G arcia (5) and K. Rothe; L K e m p t and F. Kempt W — L. Kempt. L — Zinsmever. 

Seventh Place 
P e a rsa ll 7. P le a sa n to n ? 
T h ird P la ce 
U va ld e J V 7 d H orn s 6 

THINKING ABOUT 
BUYING A NEW CAR? 
GET THE BEST DEAL FROM THE 
DEALERS THAT OFFER YOU THE BEST!! 
CAR 
R A 

Standard for theWbrid in Automotive Accessories 

Speed Controls 

A R.A. s safety-engineered 
Speed Controls, with Tap Up. 
Coati and Resume features to eliminate long-distance driving discomfort 

Sound 
Products 

Hundreds of A R A applications in quality-designed sound products — AM. AM/FM 
Multiplex, AM/FM Stereo 8-track and Cassette units — plus a full line of CB s and Auto Alarm 
Systems 

Air 
Conditioning 

In-dash, custom and wall- to-wall — for almost every vehicle on the road. Every one backed by A R A. s 29 years of experienced leadership in the industry. 

* AVAILABLE FROM THESE MONEY SAVIN G CAR DEALERS 
ALAMO SPORT CARS 
II H BROADWAY 
MISSION V.W. A HONDA 
IM O MHH ART DR. 
HUSSION CNfYMU? 
IW R U MULTARI DR. 
BOORT SMITH MOTORS 
SSO! SAM PUNK) 
Mo8Io IMPORTS M C 

• WUi SPU FORD im BROADWAY 

• HORTH STAA DOOD! tut SAN PEDRO 

• o J Alt CHIU CHRYSUR PIY MOUTH 
SARR BROADWAY 

• TOYOTA Of SAM ANTONIO HIC 
1/o) SJL MMT ARY DR. 

* MAIN LINCOLN MERCURY ll IIN . MAIM AVE. 

• HEMPHILL MrfOMRI FORD 
73oo SAN PEDRO 

• NORTH PACI LINCOLN MERCURY m i SAM PEDRO Att. 

* Runoff KINI A LAI 
D I EU LOOP Alt 

* RID MAC LEASING 
Io2S SAN PEDRO 

* CAVINDER OiftmiORiJ 
ROI BROADWAY 

* TOWN A COUNTRY LEASING 
AOI BOMBO. 

* SPtttS-DOUGUS BUttl 
M I BROADWAY 

AND MANY OTHIR FINI TEXAS CAR DEALERS 

Consolation 
Eagle Moss ll. Devine I. 

Championship 
U V A L D E 3. M E D IN A V A L L E Y o 
U va ld e 
OOO 3oo o — 3 
4 
I 
M e d in a V a lle y 
OOO OOO o — o 
o 
o 
Sa n so m a n d N uetze, G 
K e m o t a n d F. K e m p t 
W — S a n so m (2-o). L — G Kem pt. Sansom w a lk e d o n e a n d s tr g c k o u t se v e n d u r in g h is n o -h iite r. 
T o m m y E llin g e r hit tw o-run sin g le in the fourth inning. 
LO SER S* B R A C K E T 
D E V IN E J, P E A R S A L L S 
Pearson 
OU 1o2 — 5 5 
3 
Devine 
o13 11o — 6 8 3 
(Six innings, Tim * Lim it) 
Rendon. D Grot (4) and Corroseo, G arza (4); 
Davis a nd B lo k e m o re W — Davis- L — Rendon. 

E A G L E P A S S 7. P L E A S A N T O N 3 
E a g le P a s s 
2)o 1o1 2 — 7 
8 
I 
P le a sa n to n 
111ooo o — 3 
9 
4 
M o ra le s, G a rc ia (4) a n d M o n c a d a ; B ro w n a n d 
Sotello W — M o ra le s 
L — B ro w n . E a g le s h o d three. 
T rip les and three doub les to h ig h lig h t attack. 

VIl-Districl led by 
Clemens 

All starters from the state runnerup Clemens team landed spots on the 
All-District 
32-AAA A girls’ basketball team listed Saturday. 

F IR S T T E A M 
Forw ards — 
Estella Canales. 
Alamo Heighfs, Jr.. Vtckt Finch, 
Roosevelt. Soph ; Dem se Hail. 
Lee. 
J r.; 
D a r c v 
H a n lo n . 
Clemens, Jr.; L anno Howard, 
M acArthur, Jr.; Leslie Mason, 
Churchill. Sr ; Rose Penkunis. 
Clemens. Jr.; Rosalinda Ram ir­ ez, Sa n M o rc o s. S r.; S u sa n 
Rou se, C le m e n s. S r.; K a th y 
Shea. Clemens, Jr. 
Guords — Jane! Beode ie. Lee. 
Jr.; Leslie Bronhom , Clemens. 
Jr.; Roe Ann Dixon, Clemens. 
Sooh , Neiinda Gerters. C h u r­ chill, Soot) . S y lv ia G od frey. 
Cle m e n s. Sr.; D e la n o G o ss, 
Roosevelt. Soph ; LIZ Hormon. 
Alam o Heights. Sr.; Lit Kr«t. 
Lee. Sr J Cathey Mever. C h ur­ chill, Jr , Pat ViUoreat. Roo­ sevelt, Soph 

SE C O N D T E A M 
Forw ards — 
Poth B o e r aer, 
Churchill. Soot) . Penmc D a c u s, 
Sa n 
M a r c o s . 
J r.; 
C o lle e n 
V o rd e n b a u m . 
Lee. 
So o n ,. 
Mortha Wallis- Alam o H e ig h ts. 
Sr.; Sharon Wells. Roosevelt jr. 

Guards — 
Debbie Christman, 
M acA rthur, Sr.; Debbie Coch­ ran. R o o se ve lt. Jr.; Y vo n n e 
Davila. Lee. Jr.; Teresa Macho, 
Alam o Heights. Fresh.; Sheryl 
Rouse. Clemens. Soph , Down 
Stripling. Son M arco s. Soph , 
Gretchen Wighomun, Churchill. 
Fresh 
Vt ay paces star team 

Walton Way of Jay was named Must Valuable 
Flayer and the champion 
Kennedy Rockets placed two men un the All-Dis- trict 3o-AA AA basketball team announced Satur­ day. The first team was an all-senior lineup. 

F IE S T T E A M 
Rick Leggett, Kennedy. Sr.) 
L o rry C o rry , M e m oria l 
Sr ; 
Billy Ash Marshall. Sr,; Frank 
Reyes. Del Rio. Sr ; D o rr y i b lim e y. Kennedy, Sr.; Patton 
Way. Joy. Sr 
(M V P ) 

SE C O N D T E A M 
Robert Altarlet Memorial Sr ; 
F ran k 
R o d rigu e z . M a r sh a ll. 
Sooh 
R o p e r! G arza , E a g le 
Pass. Sr., Dote R o b e rso n teen n *O v. Sr , Ceroid January, Jay. 
Sr 

H O N O R A B L E K E N T IQN tom m y L o r in g 
Sr 
D erek 
Stubi ii In .a 
Sr , gng Dale Gilt, 
Sr an Ja y 
R h k C o n ye rs. Sr., 
Sean Mc Nebs. Jr and P a u n 
Mc Netts jr., att M arshall 
R od h e y Brow n. D a r y l C lo u d an a 
M a r * sounders, an Sophs ah 
M t m u ito 
G e o rge M oon e y s r > 
B ry c e Coon- , j» . a no Michael yy<Htoms 
Jr 
OM t dyew ood 
M an u al R e a rig u e i i f , E a g le 
R o ss, Bogey A r g il jr., Rice 
Brawn Sr and (n g u w Bryant 
Sr ait Mytwtfts 
M k* satin g* 
Sr an d l o g Ja ckson so p h both p a l Rty. vincent Tristan 
Jr 
William Young Jr . P io n s un W atte y. Sago 
J «m g * «hn agr I. sr 
Jane Sergeant* sr tiei*un Winn W uk an* So*—n y 
Bz yoni. Sr ga *«>>•< wJ* 

Aes grab 
Olympics early lead 

LAREDO (AP) — Tim Scott's winning discus toss paced Texas 
A&M Saturday to an early lead in the 
45th annual 
Border 
Olympics 

Scott became the first blue-ribbon, performer in this track and field meet, billed as the year’s first major outdoor event. Scott recorded a 173-1o effort, edging Lam ar University’s Donnie 
Davis by three feet. 
After two events, the A ggies amassed TI points with Rice in second place with IO on the first-place finish of 
Bruce Atkinson in the Javelin. 
Three Montreal Olympians, headed by Texas’ Johnny Jones, are the fea­ tured performers in the night’s finale. 
Jones, the Longhorn freshman who was a member of the gold medal U.S. sprint relay team, easily won his af­ ternoon preliminary quartermile race to qualify for the finals. 
Longhorn teammate Paul Craig, a 
1,3oo-meter man on the Canadian 
Olympic team, will compete in the mile and Texas Tech long jumper Jim 

✓ H t S I LTS, I'upe IQS 

McAndrew, another Canadian Olym­ pian, is also entered 
Ranger Junior College, paced by 
Eddie Shaw’s blistering effort anchor­ ing the mile relay, won its third consecutive Border Olympic team championship. 
Shaw s|H*d past a faltering Lionel 
Fleming of Southwestern Christian 
College down the home stretch to gut* 
Ranger a victory in the mile relay and assured its team title. Ranger finished with o3 compared to Southwestern 
Christian’s o*2. 
Houston Worthing claimed its third high schtx)I division championship in 

 four years, scoring 67 points to run­ ner-up Gregory Portland's 46. 
More than I,‘2oo athletes represent­ ing 6o teams are competing here in the university, college, junior college and high school divisions. 
Abilene Christian University, the college division favorite, took a com­ fortable lead over Sam Houston State after six events. 
TLO loses 2 

SktC lM IO TH* IXFetSS N t w s 
SEGUIN — Greg Sk ag gs belted three of his team’s six home runs Sa­ turday as the Phillips Haymakers of 
Enid, Okla., clubbed Texas Lutheran, 
4*1. and 14-3, in a doubleheader at 
Fairgrounds Park. 
Skaggs accounted for the winning margin in the opener with his three- run homer in the first game and then belted a three-run shot and two-run blast in back-to-back innings of the second game. 

F IR S T G A M E 
PStillOk 
UoJ IOO o— 4 
S 
; I 
TCC 
OOO IOO o— l 
5 
2 
Marl ond Turner Miller cmd Kripnyr A — Mort 
(I.J ) L — Miller (12) H R S — Phillips, Skagg*. two ort third. Turner *o(o. tourtn 
SE C O N D G A M E 
PSiiiio* 
oo6 o53 o -1 4 
16 
I 
TLC 
OOI IOO J - 5 
5 
I 
Box. Sidney (7) on d T u rn e r 
W o e *yr. Puck (3), 
R and om (5) a n d tenoner 
Af, a i t (6) 
A — b o x L 
— t ra c k e r* 
H R S — P h iln o *. M o rt, solo, in tro 
S k o g g s , tw o on, fifth; T u r n e r , o n # o n , fifth. 
S k o y u * one on. s u m 
Denny signs 

ST. PETERSBURG. Fla 
(AP) - 
Right-handed pitcher John Denny, with the National L eagu e's best earned-run average last year, was named Saturday the St. Louis Cardin­ als’ choice to open the exhibition sea­ son. 
NFL-player hurdle jumped in court 

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - With the courtroom hurdles apparently cleared. the collective bargaining agreement between the National Football league owners and the Players Assoc tut ion now awaits only rain leat ion bv rink-and-fUe members of the union 
FU Garvey, executive director of the 
NFLPA, said the union will copies ut the agreem ent to members Monday, with ratification expected by March 17. t S District Judge Far! R Farson gave preliminary appt oval to (la lei nu bargaining a Heinie! End, 

 the 

 lend 
Hi 

 nil- 

"We’re extremely pleased with the 
Court s decision.” said Garvey. 
And Minneapolis attorney F.d Glen­ don . who served as co-counsel with 
Garvey during the NI* LF A s three- year legal buttle against NEL owners. added 
“ This should benefit the players association very much and make them a viable group. Tile players will be able to negotiate with dignity aud strength in the tuture. It is a mutual thing aud built sides gave.” 
The case specifically dealt with 
Kermit Alexander, a veteran defensive back in the NI* I. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 I97 7 

Parting Shots 

B y J e f f ( p r o a s i n a n 

Money alone can’t buy a championship 
His nam e’s Q uinn b u t call him win 

BUFFALO — If you still be­ lieve that money alone can win a championship, then consider the contrasting situations of the 
Spurs and the New York Knicks. 

Going into Saturday night's game against Buffalo, the Spurs were fourth in the Eastern Conference with a 35-28 record. And their total player payroll is iii the neighborhood of $1 million annually, a low rent district by current 
NBA standards. 
The Knicks, 28-34 approaching a home-and-home series with the Sixers this weekend, are seventh among Eas­ tern Conference teams, one spot away from the playoffs and 6^ games be­ hind San Antonio. 
This team is well below .5oo, yet has a starting five that earns in the vicinity of $1.5 million annually. Of starters 
Walt Frazier, Earl Monroe, Bob McA­ doo. Spencer Haywood and Jim 
McMillian, not one makes less than 
$225,ooo. 
And no one Spur is m aking that much. 
— 
“When we lost to Boston in 
1989.” says former Knick star center W illis Reed, ‘‘Dave 
DcBusschere walked into the locker room right after the game and announced authori- 
< n tativcly: ‘We’re gonna win it all next year.’ He always had that positive mental outlook. Everyone went home and couldn’t wait for the next season to start. 
“If it was me and we didn't make the playoffs this season. I'd go home and bust my (bleep) to figure out what I did wrong. I d come back to camp hungrier than ever.” 
Well, the feeling around the Big Ap­ ple is Reed w ill be coming to training camp next season as the new coach of the Knicks. He would replace Red 
Holzman, one of the top coaches in 
MBA history. 
While Holzman’s current cast is at least as talented as the one that ac­ counted for two titles in the early Tbs. it just doesn't equal that old group in character. They apparently play de­ fense about once a week. 
But the man who has suffered the consequences is Holzman, who an­ nounced Saturday he is steeping down as the Knicks’ coach at the end of the season. How do you teach guys to have heart? 
Short shots 
VV hen Pete Maravich scored 4o points against the Spurs last Sunday, it was the first time the Pistol had scored so many in a Jazz loss. Sources in New 
Orleans say the Jazz gave up three first-round draft picks in compensa­ tion for signing free agent Gail Goo­ drich away from the leakers. Goodrich, 
33. is out for the season with an injury. 
He may be done for good . . . 
The Nets are having trouble that goes beyond the worst record in the 

NBA. It is believed they are close to being flat broke, and unable to contri­ bute to the pension fund for ABA players absorbed by the merger. This may result in a suit . . . 
Nets' Coach Kevin Loughery. the league leader in technical fouls with 
34, was thrown out of the loss to Golden 
State last Sunday by referee Manny 
Sokol. Afterwards, Loughery claimed, 
"there was a prearranged situation.” 
Sokol's friend who drove him to the game. Mike Revzin, was supposedly overheard telling someone he planned to eject Loughery. Supervisor of NBA officials John Nucatole asked Revzin about the alleged comment, and he denied it. But the case was turned over to Jack Joyce, the league's director of security, who called it “a very unusual ease.” 
Sokol is a 12-year veteran of the league, and one of the NBA’s most consistently good natured officials. It mmy be harder to get a technical foul from him than just about anybody else. 
“He said I was the worst official in the NBA.” says Sokol. “That’s why I 

The Knicks'' starting five earns in the vicinity o f S I.5 million a n ­ nually. 

 gave him the second technical. I don't have anything against any coach or any player, arid if I did. this wouldn't be my job." 
The first technical in a game cost 
$75, and the next $15o. Loughery has 
$3,15o worth of technicals this season. 
“Which means I can't buy any new clothes.” says Loughery. 
Loughery has done a lot with a little with the undermanned Nets, but he complains even before calls are made. 
Claiming Manny Sokol was out to get him was no more than sour grapes. 
Worse, it questioned the ethics of one of the league’s better officials. And that can blight the career of a man. It is a blight Manny Sokol doesn't de­ serve. 
Kentucky falls 

KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Ber­ nard King put on a one-man scoring display with 38 points to lead llth-ranked Tennessee to a come- from-hehind 
81-79 victory over 
2nd-ranked Kentucky and a likely share of the Southeastern Conference basketball title. 
King scored 21) points in the second half to pull the Vote up from a 55-44 deficit shortly after the final period opened. 
Tennessee held an 8o-75 lead with less than three minutes in the game before the Wildcats’ Rick Robey, their leading scorer with 17, hit on a jumper. 
Johnny Darden then hit one of two foul shots with 14 seconds left to extend 
Tennessee’s lead to 81-77. 

NBA [A 
TIPOFF L l 
'9/1 tv United Xaa'u'i Syndic*'* mc 

NO. 16 
TRAPPING THE BALL 
T rapping th e bali is actually trapping th e player w ho h a s ttie ball in a vulnerable position on th e court 
Let s assu m e a g u ard is dribbling th e bail dow n co u rt an d th e tw o d efen ­ sive g u a rd s c h o o se to attack lf the offensive player is right-handed tor enam pie an d d o e s not dribble th e ball a s well with h is left h an d th e defensive guards m ight d ecid e to legally to rce him tow ard th e right sideline (sideline 

 tow ard th e bail) an d trap him th ere o r in th e c o m e r 
(baseline an d sideline) or at the halt co u rt line and sideline The d efen d ers will position them selves so that the offensive player w ould have to com m it a charging foul to g et p ast them th u s setting up the possibility of an easy steal or poor p ass 

7 

 l a d d i e » 

P ro ------------ 
B a s k e tb a ll 
In s ig h t 

*1 am still learning9 

 last year by Jim Price. 
‘‘It is really a lot like Indiana,” 
Buckner explained. “I just go out and play, trying to get everyone involved in the game. My teammates have helped me improve. We complement each other and everybody is com ing ar­ ound.” 
Rockets triumph 

HOUSTON (AP) — Rudy Tomjanovich scored 28 points and 
Moses Malone added 22 as the Houston Rockets cruised to a 
119-1o8 NBA victory over Milwaukee Saturday. 
Malone also pulled down 2o rebounds as the Rockets toyed with the Bucks under the boards, pulling down 63 team rebounds to Milwaukee’s 45. 
Houston put six players into double figures, including 19 by little Calvin Murphy and 16 by John Lucas. 
The Rockets hustled to a 14-point lead at the half, 67-53. 
Milwaukee pulled to within six early in the final period, but 
(juiek baskets by Tomjanovich and Malone allowed Houston to win going away. 
Bob Dandridge paced the Milwaukee effort with 18 points and Brian Winters chipped in with 17. 
Buck center Swen Nater had 18 rebounds. 

M I L W A U K E E (IO *): D o o d n d g i / 4 6 18. W in te r* 8 I I I C B n d g r m o n 5 5 6 IS. 
M v e r * 6 2 4 14, N oter 6 I 5 13, U o v d 4 S-5 13, B u c k n e r 5 o-2 IO, Replant I O O 2, 
C o n e r t O O 2, W a h o o I OO 2 Totals. 44 18 2V 1o6 
H O U S T O N (tt»>: T o m jan o vich l l 4 4 26, M o lo n e IO 2 4 22 M u r o h v 8 3 3 IV. 
Lucas. I 2 3 16. K u n n e rt 6 2-2 14, J o n e s 4 3-3 ll, N ew tm 3 2 3 8. Jo h n so n I 1 2 3 
Totals 5o 19-24 119 
M ilw au ke e 
O 26 22 26— 1o6 
Houston 
3o V 2o J I- 1 1 * 
Total t o o l s - M ilw a u k e e 25, H o u sto n 73 
T e c h n ic a l - D a n d rid g e 
A - 5.793_______ 

•vm 

COMPLETE CESSNA 
PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING 
INCLUDING: 

• 
SS HOMS O f ElHeMT Mf A 1o77 CESSNA ISA 

• 
2o H o u r i O f OUM t u t o r UUM IHG HUH YOU! IH V TIU aO * 
• U5SIU I* It CMU o HIoMT TRINING SYSlfM 
• PlO ntt, HAMWI, (OMfUIOt 
• LM #oo8 
• rf AIMING STI LAWS 

• 
IV/; U W M ! I M Co M M U U I f i t O f O ft IU 11MO HANDBOOK 

• 
CISSNA MANUAL Of HIGHT 

• Ct SSN A HHY A lt N O T N O M BOO I 

• 
CISSNA MUKAI! M U I HAINING MILORD I OI O ff 
• K KOUNS Of (-BOUND HAINING 

• 
COMM f i t CISSNA AUDIO VtOUM U B I ABT USAGE 
COMPLETE 
PACKAGE *895 
METRIC AIRMOTIVE INC. 
ROOSEVELT AND 99TH AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO, TfXAS 78214 

5 1 2 - 9 2 2 - 2 7 4 7 • 9 2 4 - 7 3 7 5 

Lanier oui for 
3 weeks 

DETROIT (AP) - Star center Bub Lamer will In* 
IubI tu tile Dctruit Pistons for about three weeks because of a fractured bone iii his right hand, a club spokesman said Sa- turdav 
Lanier, who suffered the injury Friday night in a NBA game w it ii tile 
Boston tellies, will un­ dergo surgery to plait' two pins in his hand where there is a hone separation. 
The spokesman added 
I Ital Lanier probablv would slav in the hospital overnight and would bt wearing a cast covering his fourth and fifth fingers up to mid-arm 
Lanier will he oui ut ai I ion lot ut least lin i * weeks and might i»* able to jila> in lour Weeks Iii sa id 
The Piston star said lie was driving to the b a s k e t 
‘and somebody came duw it ui i mss nis w ris* 
Lanier said he didii t know who it was 

By KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
OF THE EXTOE SS-NEWS STAFF 
Quinn Buckner was an honor student at the University of 
Indiana, but there was one course that wasn’t taught there — How to lose basketball games. 
Buckner, however, got a crash course in his first few months with the Milwaukee Bucks. 
“I was aware that you didn t win all the time,” Buckner admitted, thinking back to those first days of his rookie season. ‘‘I had mixed emotions. But we had a young team and I knew things would get better.” 
You see, Buckner played on the NCAA championship team at 
Indiana last year which went 32-o. He followed that with a performance on the U.S. Olympic team which won a gold medal. 
And prior to his college days. 
Buckner had a perfect slate in high school, never playing in a losing game at Thornridge H.S. in Dolton, IU, 
But the 6-3. ‘2o5-pound guard from 
Phoenix, IIL, got a rude awakening in the pros. Milwaukee lost 25 of its first 
29 games. It also lost its coach when 
Larry Costello exited and Don Nelson entered. 
Like many rookies. Buckner started out slowly, seemingly unsure of him­ self at times and learning the tricks of the trade. 
However, Buckner was also being called on to be the new team leader of the Bucks, a position which has been vacant since the days of Oscar Robertson in the early ‘7os. 
This was a great deal of responsibi­ lity for the first-round draft choice. 
Criticism came quickly, but he ignored it. 
“ It was a combination of things,” 
Buckner said, describing his earlv- season troubles. “I was still feeling my way through the league and getting used to Don’s system. Even now, I ain still learning a lot.” 
Biggest problem 
Buckner, a muscular sort who also played football during his first two years at Indiana, said the travel is his biggest problem. 
“It is a grind with so many games,” he said, “in college, we spent three or four days preparing for one team. Here, we play one night in New Orleans, the next night in San 
Antonio and the following night in Los 
Angeles. 
‘‘So. we have less than 24 hours to prepare for a game. It is mental, hav­ ing to get ready to play so many games.” 
But Buckner, like the Bucks, con­ tinues to improve. He leads the team in assists (263) and steals (137). In fact, he is a cinch to break the Bucks’ club record for steals in a season (148) set 
Holzman will step down as 
Knicks’ coach 

AGGOOATfD PAe&5 
N E W YORK — Red Holzman, the dean of 
I NBA coaches, will step down as coach of the 
I New York Knicks at the conclusion of the i current season, it was announced Saturday. 
: 
No successor was 
I named, although Knicks 
; President Mike Burke 
I said former New York 
I center Willis Reed was 
: “a leading candidate” to 
I coach the team next sea- j son. 
“Red has been a mag* 
I nificent coach,” Burke 
I told a Madison Square j Garden news conference. 
; “ He has been without i peer during his coaching career. But som etim es 
: you have to move along.” 
Problems i 
And by mutual eon* 
I sent, it was decided the i time to move along was now. 
Holzman guided the 
Knicks to league titles in 
197o and 1973. But since then, the Knicks have had their problems. 
They are currently headed for their third straight losing season and their second out of the playoffs. 
The 56-year-old Holz­ man, the second-vu tm in­ gest coach in NBA his­ tory who hail one year rem aining on his con­ tract as coach, then is committed lo the team for five years as a scout and consultant, said it was just a matter of ad­ vancing the process bv one year. 
“So ii will end one year earlier.” he said “ But the relationship will go on tor many years. It was decided that Oils was hest tor the learn, and that s ukny vuth me. 
Best nay 
“This is Uh* bes! way lo go ll was a mutual thing we tell should he in the hest interests of the 
Ronks. I'm happy I can still In* a part ut a bas­ ketball organization that has been very good to me I’m not the first guy who's going lu tie chang­ ing fobs aud FII tell you 

QUINN BUCKNER 

Buckner, who is shooting 44 per cent from the field — one point better than his college average — was drafted primarily for his floor leadership abi­ lity. 
And that is why. said A ssistant 
Coach K C. Jones, that Buckner re­ ceived so much criticism earlier this 

 year. 
“ If you do not pick a shooter or a big man on the first round of the draft, people are going to criticize you.” 
Jones said. “But teams need a player like Buckner. He was an excellent choice,” 
The former mree-time captain of the 
Hoosiers has been averaging 26 min­ utes per game. He played 3o, scoring 
12 points and passing out four assists, in the Fob. 24th game against the 
Spurs in The Arena. 
"I did not even think about playing time when we first started.” Buckner said. “I had no idea how much or how ittle I would get to play. Look at the 
Celtics, rookies hardly ever get to play there.” 
Unfortunately, Buckner also leads the Bucks in personal fouls with 217. 34 more than his closest teammate. He has fouled out of five games. 
“I have gotten a lot of rookie fouls,” 
Buckner said. “ I really don’t know why. It is hard to say.” 
No alibis 
Many suggest NBA officiate tend to be tougher on rookies, hut Buckner shrugs his shoulders at that supposi­ tion. Ile would not alibi. 
As the season wanes, Buckner said it is defense and defensive principles which he continues to work on. And he has gotten a good report card from 
Jones, himself a defensive specialist in his time with the Boston Celtics. 
•Quinn is already in the same class with Jim Price and Slick Watts (Seat­ tle) and maybe 
Don 
Chaney 
(Lakers),” Jones said. “He is certain­ ly among the top three guards on de­ fense and he has more to learn yet. He had offense down pat.” 

PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 
AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS TINTING 

SQbflR-X 

• KIEFS a its COOLED 
• STOPS SUN EADE 
• SAVES AIR CONDITIONING 
• DO-IT-YOURSELF AND SAVE 

DfFFERfNT C O LO R N IM 
A VAI LABIK 
SObflR-X 

O E S A N A N T O N IO 
A O I IS O M R O .— SUITS B IO 
3 4 9 -6 4 6 9 

GLOBE 

7 1 4 2 N . SA N PED RO AVK. A 
2 3 8 S .W . MILITARY D R. 
4 9 2 o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

Service Cantar Houri 
Monday-friday 9-9 
Saturday 9-6 
Cia tad Sunday* 

DUNLOP 
4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

WHITE 
PLUS 
ONLY 
3.oo 
EACH! 

ADO MMS OE WUN! 

WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! 

Ur Ow bawn 
Wi CowGw. 
(m w t Tat 
Hmm* 8U*tr 
88 

M o t' (J S cwt Fort* extra it < 

— I’ve been a heck of a lot more fortunate than most." 
Burke said the an­ nouncement wa* precipi­ tated bv a published re- port tfiat Holzman would resign immediately and tfiat Bill Bradley would coach the team for the remainder ut this season. 
Holzman. now in his 
14th pro coaching season, has a record of 537 vic­ tories and 429 defeats. 
Only 
R(h1 
Auerbach; whose Boston teams won 
938 games, tuts more vic­ tories as an NBA coach. 
Holzman did not rule out the possibility ut tak­ ing a coaching job with another NBA team 
'T m going to listen to evervbodv. ’ he said 
"But what 1 11 probably do is slav where I ain — and lie happy to he here.” 
His future duties with the Kooks will include sci ailing (iro and college players and working with 
General Manager Eddie 
I Sidov an 
“ Ile will certainly Im* consulted as to wtwuu our new coach Is going to lie.” Donovan said. 

Intro loving* oat Pirolli 
Motorcycle Tim) 
I on out ti GULAS tow TRK! ON 
ANT IU ! IM STOCH! 

DUNLOP TRUCK TIRES! 

FA* rn *u TOKI 
* ISS IS M ca* 49 l l 
14* M U 
144 SVM 
<4a GAM 

 a m GA M 

I U ll AA 
U t 49JA 

MUt 
W H I irs I* 
IAU* 

FA* a 

 a 
4 

 im IU TOKI 
LM SI AA 
L M 59 A l 
4 18 ST AA n u** a cai G9 AA 
Slut lltltD KAOUD m ea im I tea 7) JA 
ATM le i A 4 1* 7A.M 
* Mi lea 8 
4 *s A* AA 
•♦Sr rWOfi ora Mw ■WxWWM I >«W|I 8 

DUNLOP BELTED GT 
QUALIFIER TIRE! 
2 POLYESTER C O R D S p tua 2 FIBERGLASS BELTS! rn 
U t tit YCL 
TOKI 

 tee-14 i n 
43 aa] 

MA 14 
IAI 

MAM 
IM 
SAM j 

MAI* 
IM 
45 AA I 

MAH 
M8 
45 AA 

MAI! 
AN 
SAM I mom Mail unan 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 
DAMANI (IO AS IORG AS YOU OWN THI 
CAI** 
A Snack far (very NaaAI 

FRI MUM 
MATY DUTY 
4tf»> tx SM (a* l|tWM»|fl 

 y u awa* 

UVU /IRS 
O V FtxarxMiM taw ten** 
.tx*. W mi ta* m aaa* *axxlart a*4 w*x 
«y ta foot tor (Saw at wow) 

-M w *. Ixp*x,x4 WM rf * NM* XHWftarf 
MM a rn XU-MW4 I* .« 
Maw Mat town 
Mw* w M Max* A l (aw. >*|ww*a Caw h a* * In** Ueaa OiUMUwxx 

DRUM BRAKE 
PACKAGEI 

AH 4 WGeeUI 

I watt* mw iMMfk, *•*•' 
IW X Sxah A G M * l f 

 a FXI. ' V *>■»» 4«xu«f» 
I St*4 XfWxxS Utl 
• (UM I 
Maw, I 
GM*. 

6*k*| 
*w6'«e 

 r.uxy ax,'n**»r 6 ♦ 
Wirt eaux. Mrfwax 
Sa* It** Ga Si MWN 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
Of 
EITHER 
PACKAGE 
FOR 
ONE 
PRICE! 
69 
U M . 

Far»»» A V tan ar 
Ufki l»ock» 

FRONT DISC 
BRAKE 

PACKAGE! 

 front Disc 

Brokes Only. 
• WM Wa I .4 takx, f* f •><.*• Sa* 
**>*■*« 6 mew* MA 

I ix6x4*wg tax** taw*' 
I I xxx IWW S a twxn i Nu Nxm ax*. Sxr—y a Mux* 
V»**X»' 

» '* • ' * - 
• -xx. 6 
(xx. Lux, 
Sa * tx-* 
(•Stwaxw 

 x4*xwx 

' F lu 'WWW COOM a I tao o a o o a o o w ! 

Typhoon Sled Dish Wheels 

S A w Mw rn*1* 
•<«*> a. « * 
28 
88 

 rn oNxx! 
HMX IM* 
1 a* I* aoki *>*• auxi n mama wa 
■xx mm w**M —*x>«| xxi* 
HI IN m OMX. MfM* 
W ar Iii mas* * BS 
MU UM avesMSI Af iuMxuuau iii* TOKI* 

 ax rn la A M . .JU rn.. jail it 
J 

Fishermen: Now is the time to catch black drum 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
AUSTIN — Black drum are congre­ gating along passes in Texas bays, and 
March is the month to catch them. 
Late winter is usually when black drum begin spawning activities and marks the most notable harvests of the fish. In many deeper bays, around some jetties in the Gulf of Mexico and in some channels, large drum gather in schools before spawning. 

Some fishermen compare landing a 
4o-pound drum with raising a sunken log, but there are many devotees of this kind of fishing in Texas. 
Locally known by such names as 

Texas drum , sea drum , saltw ater drum and gray drum, the fish is a member of the croaker family and related to redfish and speckled trout. 
It takes its name from the ability to produce croaking or drumming sounds with its air bladder. This ability is most developed in black drum and fishermen can sometimes hear schools passing near their boats 
Found on the Atlantic Coast from 
New York south through the Gulf states to Mexico, the area of greatest abundance in Texas is from Corpus 
Christi to Brownsville. 
The species can adapt to a wider range of habitat than any other major 

Texas food fish. They thrive in water so shallow their backs are exposed, as well as in open Gulf waters more than 
IOO feet deep. 
In the summer drum are found in warm shallow flats of the Laguna 
M adre, and they survive freezing water tem peratures better than most other fish. 

Black drum fishing can be enjoyed by anyone at almost any time. Tackle can be rod and reel, trotline, hand line or cane pole, and bait is inexpensive. 
Fishing can be done from piers or from the bank. 
Fish caught in cold weather before spawning tend to be fatter and in better condition than those taken in 

S u n d a y 
Expr«Hwi-I%>w»Outdoors 

Sunday March 6 1977 

 summer after spawning is complete. 
There are those who maintain that drum under five pounds, when cleaned and properly prepared, are as tasty table fare as flounder, trout, redfish and snapper. 
Drum w eighing m ore than five pounds usually have coarse flesh. 
“Spaghetti worms” also are present in larger drum but, while unappetizing, are not harmful to humans. 

Black drum rarely are taken on artificial baits since most feeding is done by feel and smell. Cut fish, squid and shrimp are the most popular baits. 
Most feeding is done on the bottom so 

 basic technique for eatching drum is to put a baited hook on the bottom ann wait. 

Tackle to be used depends on size of drum present. Use a strong single hook with line and leader of appropriate strength. A conventional bottom rig with sinker and one or more drops with single hooks is commonly used. 

Drum will often mouth bait for some time before swallowing it. so wrait until the fish moves off with the bait, then jerk the rod up to set the hook. Drum neither jum p often nor make long runs, but they are powerful fighters. 

LEASE $239 

226-7221 

COUPE DE VILLE 
STOCK-#1oo5 
36 MO.-CLOSEO END 

 c 
^ 

W I WIL! SUY 
YOU! FRISCHr CAR 

Wa'll put you on Aw to w cctu and lifetime security. While* does not charge franchise few or overrides on sales. Invest men I of $3o,ooo and up is required, depending on the sue store you select. 

Have money to invest ? Call our nearest sale* office. 
You will receive straight facts without pressure and W ithout obligation 

C A L L ON W R IT !; 

 i L / A 
U 
T O i; iiii iii ■■■.,i«55i iiBi mSmi 
■... 

John WiiMip* 
P O. Bos 31oo 
Lufkin, Tenet /CHIQI 
Ph. AC 713/B32 4471 

O N T H I M O VE IN TK X A ! AN O UT MCR SO U T H ! MN ST A T M I 

★ Mexican Tourist Bureau ★ Resorts 

 it Falstaff s Annual Dart Classic ir 

 it Continous Travel Film Theatre it 

OPENS WED., MAR. 9 

Admission: Adults S2.oo — Children under 12 5o« 

Wednesday through Friday 
Saturday 1 OO p m. to IO OO p m - 
6 OO p rn. to IO OO p rn 
Sunday 1 OO p m to 7 OO p 

 t»4-.<w.j*ed k l I tm A MMfHi u t tim 
Vet** cm fJsmrniit yt A Atm* 

Five-day cam ping show set 

The recreation vehicle in­ dustry experienced record sales in 1976, and San Antonio RV dealers will get an idea this week of what local sales in ‘77 will be. 
The fifth annual Camping and Travel 
Show sponsored by the San Antonio 
Chapter of the Recreational Vehicle 
Dealers of America will get under way 
Wednesday at the Convention Center. 
The five-day show. which will end 
Sunday, will feature many different brands of the various recreational ve­ hicles on the market today. 
The RVrIA announced last week that 
U.S. d ealers sold approxim ately 
541,ooo RY units last year and tallied record retail sales of $4.28 billion. 
Full recovery 
Doug Toms, RVIA president, said sales for the year far exceeded the previous high of $2.36 billion in 1972 even though unit volume was not as great. 
“ Even considering increased sales prices and inflation, the ‘76 figures reveal that the industry has exper­ ienced a full recovery from the energy crisis of 1973-74,” Toms said. 
All of the basic types of RVs — pickup covers fold-out tent trailers, and cam pers, m otor homes, travel trailers, fifth wheel trailers and van conversions — will be on display at the show here. 
Show hours will be 5 to IO p.m . 
W ednesday through Friday, I to IO p.m. Saturday and I to 7 p.m. Sunday., 
Admission w ill be $2. Children 6 to 12 , will be admitted for 5o cents. 
Stanush to speak on boating safety 

CPO Buddy Stanush of the U.S. Coast 
Guard will speak on boat safety r<T-* qinrements and regulations at a San 
Antonio Boating Trades Association meeting Wednesday. 
The meeting will be held at 6:3o p.m. at the Alamo Coors Distributorship on 
West Avenue. Members will discuss ulans for boat shows at Central Park and Windsor Park Malls. 
Turkey hunt deadline nears 
SKOAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

AUSTIN — There’s still time to apply for the Texas Parks and Wildlife 
Department’s turkey hunt on the Kerr 
Wildlife Management Area in Kerr 
County. 
Deadline for receiving applications is March 21. A public drawing to select 
IOO hunters will be held at IO a m. 
March 24 at the P&WD’s Austin head­ quarters, 42oo Smith School Road. 
The hunt is scheduled for April 23 through May 1. Those hunters whose applications are drawn will be issued perm its for a two-day, one-turkey gobbler limit. A $5 fee will bi* charged those selected to help defray costs of conducting the hunt. 

Tim es 
& tides 

TIDES eof t AronMt 
Mores * 
Marcs 7 
Lo « Ho rn 
Lo IO OS a m. h i 
2 IO a m. h i 3* Horn. 
Lo 9 OS p m, 
Lo 9 ^ o rn 
Hi J OS p.m. 
Hi J ii p m, eon imm 
Mores * 
Mores 7 
.Lo IO Diam. 
Lo IO 4/a rn 
Mi 5 19 a rn 
Hi i N a rn 
La IO: IS p.m. 
Lo IO 5/ p m, 
Hi 6 o1pm, 
Hi 6 2o p.m. 

S U N R IS E S O N S E T 
M a r c s * 
M a rc h 7 

 f i l l e t , Sea m, 
Rib* 6 S3 e m 
Sot 6. J6 p m 
Sot 6 37 p m. 

M OO NS tS E M O O N S t r 
Marcs » 
March 7 
Simi 7 57 p m, 
Rim 9 OI p.m. 
MI ’ 19 p.m. 
Sot I OI a rn. 

MOON PHASES 
New moor* Mo- >,S 19 
E ini aborter Marcs 27 
Pail moan April 4 l ast Quartor; M arcs I? 

IN O RDER to bring a b ass to the boat, the an gle r often m ust be able to put a lure near the base of obstructions such as the flooded trees in the background 
Tires used to form bay artificial reefs 

SKOAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

SEABROOK — A tire baler that’s traveling down the Texas coast will have done its part to improve fishing for bay anglers from Port Arthur to 
Corpus Christi by the end of summer. 
The baler, currently at Sabine Lake. is being used by Texas Parks and 
Wildlife Department coastal fisheries personnel to make artificial reefs from discarded automobile tires. 
“ We have completed baling approx­ imately 5oo modules that we will place in the south end of Sabine Lake at 
Pleasure Island.” said Lynn Benefield, 
PAW D coastal fisheries biologist. 
Each module consists of 12 tires strung together. The modules will then 
Im* joined to form a nearly one-acre reef to bt* located about three-fourths of a mile off Pleasure Island. 
‘‘The reef, which will be between five and seven feet under water de­ pending on the tide, will be in place by the end of April. Poor weather condi­ tions and high winds have made drop­ ping the reef into the bay difficult,” 
Beneoeld said. 
The Sabine Lake tire reef will be the first one in a Texas hay, with others set for La Porte. Rockport and Corpus 
Christi. The Sabine reef is a coopera­ tive effort involving federal funds and state personnel, with assistance from local government. 
The I Mi Porte reef is to be located within casting distance of Sylvan 
Beach fishing pier, according to 

Benefield, with the idea of providing as much access as possible for surf fi­ shermen. 
The reef to bt* constructed at La 
Porte will be dropped into Galveston 
Bay as soon as it is completed. 
Following completion of the Sylvan reef, the baler is expected to be in 
Rockport during May. The entire coastal reef program will have been completed by the end of sum m er, according to Benefield s schedule. 
Should time permit, surf reefs are tentatively planned for w aters off 
Freeport, Galveston and Mustang Is­ land. 

D on’t be tim id fishing for bass 

By DAN KLEPPER 

OUTDOOR EDITOR 
If there’s any truth to the claim that IO per cent of the fishermen catch 9o per cent of the fish, then as far as large- mouth bass are concerned, casting accuracy could be the most important key to the suc­ cess of the minority. 
But the ability to put a lure where you want it to go is only a part of the story. The lure should be cast where a bass is likely to be, and that's where a lure is likely to be hung up and lost. 
The average fisherman, I think, is reluctant to hang a lure in the brush beneath the surface, because he is afraid of losing it. You cannot blame him, of course, because lures cost money. f 
, jR 
But it is nothing short of amazing how 
\ kS* some lures will work 
V their way through a jungle of lim bs and 
J obstructions without 
I 
I getting hung. 
\J 
Alm ost any lure v with a hook guard has a better than 8o per 
KLEPI ER cent chance of m aking through the maze. If it is a lure with a single hook and a weed guard, i f s chances of squirming through unscathed are in­ creased. 
The jig spinner, often referred to as a safety pin spinner, is an excellent avoider of snags even without a weed guard. 
The wire which holds the fish-at­ tracting spinner blade blocks many obstructions which otherw ise would snag the exposed hook, and most jig spinner heads are designed so that when an obstruction is encountered, the lure will tip up or to the side and slide over the obstruction. 
This is especially true of the jig spinner which has a stationary hook. 
When these lures are m anufactured, the lead head is molded around the hook itself. 
Even the exposed treble hooks on a lipped, floating-diving bait — those lures often referred to as alphabet or crank — are reasonably adept at threading their way through brush. 
The long, protrudiug lip usually en­ counters an o b stru ctio n first and causes the lure to bounce over or to the side. 
Float 
Even when this type of lure hangs on something beneath the surface, it gen­ erally can be retrieved by applying pressure in the opposite direction. 
When the hook pulls free of the limb on which it has snagged, the lu re. which floats, pops to the surface. 
Lures such as the jig and eel and the plastic worm are very adept at coming through brush, especially if the jig is equipped with a fiber hook guard. The worm, of course, should be rigged with the point and barb of the hook imbed- 
Whites has It I 
AN OPPORTUNITY 
FOR TEXANS! 

Wont to ba your own boss? Own your own business! Each dot on the map indicates a city where W H IT ES is seeking a franchise to open and operate another W H IT ES AU TO STO RE. Over 147 
Texas towns to choose from, plus other prime locations in neighboring states. Could you be the one we're looking tor? 

W H IT ES is a complete home and automotive center with 65o modern stores in 17 states, including Texas, and plans rapid expansion in the South, 

 dcd in the plastic body. 
The whole point of putting a lure where it might get hung up should be obvious. 
The black bass likes cover and gen­ erally will be found around, under or over submerged obstructions. This is the habitat of the bass. The largemouth is not, generally speaking, an open water fish such as .the white or striped bass. 
Therefore, if the angler places his lure near an obstruction — especially near the bottom of that obstruction — he improves his chances of catching a fish. 
Concentrate 
This takes concentration when cast­ ing. It is the natural tendency, at least for me, to cast a lure between two bushes a few feet apart rather tl\an directly to one bush, then the other. 
That open water between the bushes appears nice and safe for my lure. So, unless I concentrate and force myself to put the lure among the limbs where I stand a chance of not getting it back, I find myself tossing toward the safe zone. 
There are times, of course, when a bass will leave its sanctuary and pursue the lure into open water and take the bait in the safe zone. 
But there are other times — and these seem to be the most numerous — when the lure must pass very close to the fish's mouth before the bass will strike. 
Swing 
That brings up the problem of the m ing. Even if the angler is an accur­ ate caster and concentrates enough on his casts to put his lure beside a bush or stump, this doesn’t mean the lure will be beside the obstruction when it touches bottom. 
Let’s say, for example, that the fi­ sherm an is using a jig spinner, hits within inches of a stum p at the sur­ face, waits for the lure to sink . . . but immediately stops line from peeling off the reel. 
The lure will not sink straight down. 
Since it is attached to a line, it will sink in an arc. Depending on the depth of the water, the lure might touch bottom 

 several feet in front pf the tree trunk and a considerable distance from a fish beside the stump. 
There are a couple of remedies for this problem. One is to cast beyond the obstruction. Then, as the lure arcs toward the bottom on its tether (the line), it should drop in the close prox­ imity of the base of the target . 
It is helpful to know the approximate depth of the water in order to judge how far beyond the obstruction to cast. 
The other method is to cast to the exposed obstruction itself, then con­ tinue to allow line to peel from the reel so that the lure, unhindered by its tether, sinks straight down. 
The disadvantage to this method lies in the fact that bass often strike a lure as it is sinking. If there is so much slack in the line that the angler cannot detect the presence of a fish, the bass can inhale and expel the lure even without the angler realizing a fish touched his bait. 
The fisherm an m ust continue to concentrate to keep his senses of sight and feel tuned to the line and lure. If he detects anything unusual in the fall of the lure or any unnatural movement of the line, he should take up the slack and set the hook. 
Concentrate on your cast and don’t be tim id about where you put your lure: If you follow these two cardinal rules of bass fishing, I think you'll experience an increase in your catch. 
T h ree deer cost poachers $1,257 

AUSTIN — It was a costly outing tor three poachers in the Cleburne area one night in early February. 
Texas Parks and Wildlife Depart­ ment game warden Dale Pearce re­ ceived a call from a ranch foreman that someone was spotlighting. He caught the three men with three deer. 
Total fines came to $1,2o6 plus court costs of $12. Then there was a $3o wrecker charge for the car that had to be towed back to town w hile the ow ners rode with the gainb w arden. The poachers also had to fork over $15 cold storage fee for the carcasses that were used as evidence against them. 

“FAMILY FUN IN THE OUTDOORS 
The 1977 San Antonio 
Camping & 
TRAVEL SHOW 
Wednesday, Mar. 9 — Sunday, Mar. 13 
Convention Center Exhibit Hall 

Fold-Out Campers • Pickup Coaches • Fifth Wheels 
Travel Trailers • Van Campers • Motor Homes 

— plus — 
RV Accessories • Vans • Campgrounds 
Marinas • Outdoor Clubs 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sundoy March 6 1977 

S t r i k e s f n 
S p a r e s 

B y H a r r y V*ag<» 

Bill Baker on com eback trail 

The revival of 
Bill Baker headlined a busy week for local keglers. 
Joe Vito Buenrostro, Kathy Kirst, and Pat Dickey also had a week of excellence. 
Baker rolled a 29o game and a 729 series Monday at Oak Hills. 

B ow lers h a v e p ro b a b ly fo rg o tte n previous feats by the 34-year old right hander. 
B ak er won th e c i ty ’s C lass A All 
Events title and the Top Twenty tour­ nam ent in th e m id -six ties, before a hack in ju r y s id e lin e d h im fro m bowling. 
‘ T h at’s the first 7oo series I've shot in IO y ears,’’ B aker said. “ I had plenty of 7oo’s before the injury, and I also had a 29o gam e. I had to quit bowling for five years because of a rap tu re disc in my back. I’ve been back on the lanes for three years. 
“ When I ca m e back, I bowled in one league. The next year, I bowled in two, and now I’m rolling in three leagues. 
Next season, Til probably bowl in four leagues like I used to.’’ 
Baker carried averages from 194 to 
2o2 IO years ago. Now, he has averages of 19o, 194, and 197 in the three leagues he bowls in now. That 29o g am e earned him a Century Patch. 
“ I was trying to play the outside on the first b all," continued B aker, who had gam es of 2o1 and 238. “ I m issed the head pin and left four pins stand­ ing. I moved to the inside then, picked up the sp a re , and hit ll in a row. I stru ck on m y firs t hall in th e next game. I should have moved inside on the first ball, and I would have had a shot at a 3oo. 
“ It looks like I’m finally starting to come back. Who knows? Maybe I ’ll roll some bigger and better things.” 

St. Mary’s, Baylor split doubleheader 

B uen rostro w ins 
Buenrostro and M rs. J e rry G arrett cif Tacom a, W ash., won scoring honors in the W estern sectional com petition of the 
Bowling 
Spectacular 
’77 in 
Denver, Colo., last weekend. 
B u e n ro s tro an d r u n n e r u p 
A b n er 
Shoemaker of Tulsa, Okla.. qualified for th e n a tio n a l a m a t e u r fin a ls a t 
Wonder Bowl, May 4-7. Buenrostro had a 2.458 count and Shoem aker had 2.347. 
G arrett had a 2,258 total while Sheila 
Davis of Mason City, Iowa, had a 2.226 total. 
“ Consistency was the key,” B uen­ rostro said. “ T he lanes w ere tough. 
After the first day. I was in second — 
25 pins from the lead. The second day. the o fficia ls g av e us 3o m in u te s to practice. 
“ I practiced on the pair I would sta rt on and w ent on down the line. T h a t practice really paid off at the b eg in ­ ning of the com petition.” 
Buenrostro, 19, had a 269 g am e and a final six-gam e block of 1,283. He a v e r­ aged 2o4 for 12 gam es. 
“ I hit th e first eight in a row the second day and finished with a 269.” 
B uenrostro said. “ The guy who w as leading had only a 168 his first gam e — 
I gained over IOO pins right there. I f€*el pretty good about winning, since the finals will be here. Bowling before the hometown crowd will be g re a t.” 
Miss K irst was chosen to receive the 
A lberta E. Crowe S tar of T om orrow 
Award. M rs. Crowe, the president of the W o m e n ’s In te rn a tio n a l B ow ling 
Congress, p rese n ts the aw ard to the* prom ising young lady whose bowling ability, sp o rtsm a n sh ip qualities, p e r­ sonality an d s c h o la stic a c c o m p lis h ­ ments set her ap art from her counter­ parts. 
Am ong K ath y ’s m any feats is her 
248-768 s e rie s , w hich is the h ig h e st series bowled by any girl in the 29-year h is to ry of th e A m e r ic a n J u n i o r 
Bowling Congress. T hat feat was ac­ complis bed two years ago. 
% The 17-year old southpaw, who is a m e m b e r of M a rsh a ll H igh S ch o o l’s 
National Honor Society and who has a countless n u m b er of AJBC titles, has earned 83 tro p h ie s and 13 m e d als in lier 11-year career. 
R o o k ie stars 

ROCKINGHAM, N C . (AF) - Skip 
M anning, last y e a r ’s Rookie of the 
Year. stunned veterans Saturday by posting the fastest qualifying speed for 
Sunday’s $14o,ooo Carolina 5oo Grand 
National stock ca r race. 
Manning will start 16th. however, because his speed of 135.437 miles an hour cam e on the second day of tim e trials. Donnie Allison has tho pole position with a speed of 133.387 m p h., recorded Thursday. 
It rained all day F riday here. North 
Carolina Motor Speedway officials said track conditions improved considera­ bly after that. 
Officials still viewed M anning s tim e as quite an accom plishm ent. It was the first tim e since 1969 that anyone had exceeded the pole-w inning speed at tins track. 

I r i d a v ' N la it * 
M I A l»o*t»N 

C H IC A G O 
Jo h n so n * 1 1 I S. WOY * 4 5 I i. 
G ilm o re I S I I*. M oltonS A * * I*. V on C 
* i t l l Boer * m kt« I I I A, M f f g e ll 1 1 1 t i. P o n d e r e r 
o I J I, M a rin J OO 4. td * k O * * k i o I I I* It1 OPP o 

O O O . H ick * 1 o o 1 lOlQI* 41 l l I* " 4 
COS A N G I L I * I H I : f o r d 1 o o 4. »U*SeH 4 1 1 
IO AbdutJabba' 1 o 4 l|. Alien I OO 4 ( n o ne* OOO 
o. A o « 'n « !n * 1 1 1 4 . N « u m o n « * 1 1 * 4 . I a lu m A 
1 I ll. W o rn * ' t o o l . KOPAC 
A 
I I 14, L o m a r 4 o o 
1o. Hebert* I OO A totals 44 9 IJ 99 
C h n OPA 
!• ** ** 14— 114 
LAA A n g e le t 
I* I* l l I*— W f©o*#d oui— Abernethy Ton*! iou**- C nit owes ll. 
LUC A n 9«t«c I* A - I O I U 

C *• I V I LA H O (ID I; Br Arn*! I OO ^ 
I 9 >*, C noises J OO I. C e n 4 I I l l . o Ural*** I O ? 
IO VnypA* A 4 4 I* S Im rln a I I ll- S c O M I* * • * 
14, § 
S m ith 4 I i l l , W illia m * o OO o 
T e to n « 
II I i I D 
P O K TL A N O io u , Of®** A 4 * l l 
W IK** O I * 
11, lo n e * I 44 14, M ourn* I O I 4 T*o»d4»A 4 4 4 
«, 
St#**# 4 i i l l , G tU ‘®m # I I i i M a o ! IO O IO. 
o LO o * M H H I I H . f 
SMNK I IO o Tolar* J . 
Cia, am aa 
»l M *• I* •»* t o 
S r n t i to to D I 
^ Sly MHI Qui oil 
Y 

B I L L B A K E R 
...back In form 

Dickey won eight of IO m atches in the finals to win the Freddie M artinez sponsored A lam o T o u rn a m e n t A sso­ ciation m eet and $3oo at All Star last weekend. 
“ I inst got lucky,” said Dickey, who was fourth after S aturday’s qualifying rounds. “ The lanes w ere hard — but they were hard for everybody. I bow led fair but I guess I bowled good enough to win. I was lucky. I feel really happy about the win. The m oney will su re help on the bills." 
Dickey, who averaged 195.1 in win­ ning his first ATA event, had a 2,191 total lo finish ahead of Carlos Cast­ aneda with 2.113. 
P at Sbeehy rolled 1o3 pins over her a v e r a g e w ith a 258 g a m e , 
H arold 
Greenwood had a 18o all sp are gam e, 
Lupe Garza rolled a 125 triplicate, and 
Jim McKay had a 264 at Sports Palace 
... 
Richard Roberts had a 277-735, 
Louie Blancarte 268-721. Wes Merck 
258-7o5, and 
Sherri B roussard and 
Lou Mobel had their first 2oo gam es at 
Wonder ... Butch Hill had a 269 at 
Bowlerama ... Arthur Curling earned a Century P at by rolling 1o5 pins over his average with a 244 g am e at H er­ m ann Sons ... Stan D zienglewicz had a 276, 
Doug M cDonald 
255. Rayne 
M itchell 
267, 
Barbara Covert 243, 
G eorgia E dm ondson 
257, and 
Liz 
Mooney a 129 triplicate at Oak Hills ... 
Joe Gloria had a 253 at Southside ... 
Ron Classey had a 261 g am e, and 
Aggie VanderPoorten (184), Al Perez 
(182), and Charlie Schultz (185) each all spare g am es at Southside. 

Last week's results 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
O f THE EXPMSS NEWS ST AFE 

Pinch hitter Mike Johanson’s two’’out, last chance single gave the Baylor Bears a doubleheader split with 
St. 
M ary ’s 
Saturday at V.J. Keefe Field. 

.Johanson’s single scored fleet Leonard Woods to snap a 3-3 deadlock in the 1oth inning and give the 
Bears a 4-3 win in the scheduled seven inning gam e. 

By mutual m agreem ent, both coaches agreed that the gam e would be called afte r the tenth inning, regardless of the score. 

St. M ary's followed Paul S zy m are k ’s bases-loaded trip le to a five-run, fourth in n in g o u tb u r s t and defeated Baylor. 6-4. in the first gam e. 

The split leaves the R attlers with a 4-5 m a rk and 
Baylor a 7-6 worksheet. T he two te a m s will play again at Waco next Tuesday. 

Danny Beep fashioned a six-hitter and survived one had inning in the opener to pick up his first win of the year for St. M ary’s. 

Baylor’s heralded freshm an left-hander S am m y 
Bickham also had one bad inning, but he did not survive it. 

Bickham took a 3-1 load into the bottom of the fourth, but three hits, three walks and three erro rs later St. M ary’s had five runs and all the cushion 
Beep needed. 
Bickham. who is now 2-1 on the year, walked Clay 
Stolte forcing in the first R attler run of the inning 
Swim titles seized 

Alamo Heights won the boys’ team title, while 
M a c A rth u r an d R o o se­ velt s h a re d th e g i r l s ’ team honors in the R e­ gion YI sw im m ing m eet at Alamo Heights S atur­ day. 
The top two places in each event qualify for the state sw im m ing m eet, to be held March 18-19 in 
Austin. 
U IL R E G I O N VI M E E T of A la m o H eig h t* 
* 
B O Y S 
T e a m P e ta ls : 
A la m o Heigh**, 
68; C h u r c h i ll. 6 ! 1?; 
C o r p u s 
C h ris ti K in g , 21; K in g s v ille , 2o; 
R oosevelt, IL, A u stin A n d e rso n , 
18; W e stla ke . IS, M c A lle n , 12; 
M a rs h a ll, 12. B ro w n s v ille H o n na, 9. 
B u rn e t, 9, 
In g le sid e , 7; 
T o v lo r, 4; C o rp u s C h r is ti R a y , 
3 ii H a rlin g e n . 3; M a c A rth u r, 2; 
C o rp u s C h ris ti C a rro ll. 2 
M e d ­ le y R e la y : 
1, A la m o H e ig h ts , 
1:44 917; 2, A u s tin W e s tla k e , 
1 46 464 
2oo F re e s ty le ; 
I. K e ith 
W h ite , C h u r c h ill, I 46 696, 
2, 
K e v in 
P o s t e r , 
K i n g s v ille , 
1 46 99o 2oo In d iv id u a l M e d le y : 
I, 
M ik e 
W a lk e r , 
C h u r c h i ll, 
2 o 2 .3 4 o ! 
2, 
J im 
A n d e r s o n , 
A lo m o H e ig h t s , 2 o2 91 7. 
SO 
F re e s ty le : 
I. B ry a n A u stin , C C. 
K in g , 
22 553; 2, J im L ittle fie ld , 
W estlake, 
23 o96 
IOO F ly : 
I, 
J o y K e lse v. In g le sid e , 
45 o74, 2. 
B o o W yatt, B ro w n s v ille H a n n a , 
56 193. 
IOO Freestyle; 
I, M ik e 
W a lk e r, C h u r c h ill, 
J9 82o; 
2, 
B ria n B e a n , M a r s h a ll, 
5o 373 
5oo F re e s ty le 
I, K e v in P o s te r, 
K in g s v ille , 4 :4 6 .1 4 6 ; 
2. K e ith 
W h ite, C h u rc h ill. 4 46 599 
ICO 
B a c k s t r o k e : 
I, B m R o b e rt , 
B u rn e t. 
58 253; 2, R ic k R e y n 
Olds. A la m o H e ig h ts, 
58 819 
IOO 
B re a s ts tr o k e . 
I, B r ia n B e a n , 
M a r s h a ll , 
1 :o 5 163, 
2, J o h n 
N e w m a n , 
A la m o 
H e ig h t s . 
I o5 189 
4oo F re e s ty le R e la y : 
A la m o H e ig h ts , 3 23.477, 
2, 

 and then Szymarek sm acked his triple just down the line, unloading the b a ses. P a u l T e j e d a ’s sin g le scored Szymarek. 

Baylor jum ped on Conrad P erez for three runs in the first two innings of the second g am e before the 
4Eagle Pass junior settled down to shutout the Bears until the tenth. 

St. M ary’s fought back to tie the g am e 3-3 in the last of the fifth when Mike Z am o ra’s double to right center scored two runs to tie it. 

Burl Coker, who relieved sta rte r Shane Nolen at the start of the sixth inning, blanked St. M ary ’s on two hits over the final five innings. • 
He survived one m ajor scare in the .sixth when the 
Rattlers loaded the bases with one out, but catcher 
Jules Monier popped to first and pinch hitter Mike 
Ott hit into a force play. 

Beep had a single and triple in the second gam e and was walked twice intentionally. Tejeda was the only other Rattler using the stick notably as he had three hits in the twin bill. 

B aylor's Steve Macko had six hits in the doub­ leheader and Fritz Connally boosted the B ears into a 
3-1 lead in the opener with a two-run hom er. Macko is the son OF Texas R angerE E q uipm ent and Club­ house m anager Joe Macko. 

F IR S T G A M E 
S a v io r 
OOO 3oo 
1 - 4 6 
3 
St M o rv s 
OOI 5oo 
* - 6 5 
I 
B ic k h a m , Schott (4) and C iim s k A v H e e p a n d T re v in o . W — H eep 
*1-2). L — B ic k h a m (2 I). -H R S — S a v io r. C o n n o lly , one on, 4th. 

S E C O N D G A M E 
S a v io r 
St M a ry 's 
N olen, C o k e r (6) ond C iim s k e y 

12o OOO OOO 1 - 4 l l 
OOO o3o OOO o 
3 
7 
P e re * o n d M o n ie r, T re v in o 

ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 

A U D a U N G I t M A I S T 

C H IC K U N C A G E - O U N 

F U T B - M P U C l P A N 

G A SKET O C 

R ESEA L 
S PE C IA L 
When yow transmission is leaking or jerking in tom# cores oil you need is o seal job.*2895 

( 
ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL QUARANTO I 

FINANCING ARRANGED 

We ore not newcomers, 14 years in San Antonio 

K E G T I D B IT S 
Th# U A a n d u n d e r t o u rn a m e n t w ill b e h e ld 
S d K ird o v o**d Su nday at S o u th sid e , q u a lity lo g Tim es o r* 3,5. and 7 p m S a tu rd a y o n d the fin a ls s ta rt at J p rn. Sunday 
Th* 41 At T a m s T e n p in to u rn a m e n t began its first o* 16 w e ek e n d s of b o w lin g S a tu rd a y at the M igm ands S o c ia l C lu b 
S u sie R e ic h !* * w on the 
Southw est M a s te rs B o w lin g T o u rn a m e n t at H o u sto n lost w eekend w ith M o ry F a lc o n e r fin is h in g se v e n th 
Th# A m e ric a n J u n io r B o w lin g C o n g re s s h a s p ro c la im e d M a rc h 14 2o a s N o tio n a l C o o ch e s W eek. l a n e n o t e s 
A L L S T A R 
M a l M eek 62S- B u l K e y s e r J r . 687. But 
K e y se r Sr *'8. R u b y R ile y 642, N a n e tte B o y le 562, 
D oiu e H os» 'n * 598, S h aro n S ta ce y SSO. K a th y R y te r 
565 
A S T R O : 
BU I T r le s c h 246 65o, 
R o b e r t RIOS 
248 629; 
H on G r e n r o o d 626, N o th a n W h itfie ld 
256 626. M ilto n R o ck w e ll *1o. P e o o v M c ln t ir e 591, 
L in d a k o p c v c k SAO. N a n o C o m d re a u $57. E d ith 
L ocke 555, O o n na R e ssle r 444 (N in e m en o v e r 6oo se rie s; seven w om en o ver SJO s e rie s ) 
B O W L E R A M A : 
B u tch M ile 269 753, C a rlo s C os- tonedo 622. B o b b y V in ce n t 613, Stan S c h o e n fe ld 6o2. 
Bm B u ik a s 6 
GOLIAD 
M a c M c P h e rs o n 6)5. W a y n e H a w le y 
A ll, W m to 'd W eob 6o5. M o n o A lo m o 6o7, ir e n e 
D a n ie ls 5/7 Le o n a H u ll 573. S a n d y C a rp e n te r 5*5. 
R n od a M a^ m o'eiO 56o, L y n d a W ilk e s 556. J e r r y 
W a te rs 556 ( '5 w om en o v e r 53o s e rie s ). 
H E R M A N N SONS: 
M a r y D a v is 548. Steve R o a b 
64V B U S ee*ausen 585. B o o R o a b 578, But jg ro s c n e k 
575, MCI M o v e r 575, S te v e R a m m e r 5/4. Ole*# 
W o rra e n 5o8 E m ilia G o n za le z 5o7 B a rb a ra G r iffin 
SOO 
Th* y o u n g s C a rp e tb a g g e rs w on the F r id a y 
Nit# M u e a L e a g u e 
_ 
, , 
, 
M I T C H E L L : 
B od G re e n e 635. R a y C la y to n 633. 
H a iO ru v *2’ R o b e rt G r ig ib v 6 1 9 ,C h u ck C h u rc h 6 1 J, 
V ee E m e r m n * 13. A nn T o v lo r 562, W ilm o G r a y 558. 
R osan n a G o > m 554 552. Ju d o C C h u r m SSI. S a n d y 
G a rc ia 54o 
2 m en 6oo or o v tr s e rie s , se ve n w om e n 
Over 53o ser ns) The L e ttu ce L e a g u e w ill re o rg a n iz e on M a rc n 25 to b o w l ot 9 p rn ; c o n ta c t D u tc h 
P e te rso n at 43? o3o2 or 434-2323 tor fu rth e r m to rm a - 

OAK HILLS: 
BUI B a k e r 729, Ston O z ie n g ie w tc i 
6 /3, H a r r v F e tch e r 665, B o b S c h ra m 656, Je ff H y lm e 
628. R a y n e K itch e n 6/o, B e ttie G e is it r *31, S h irle y 
M a n s fie ld <?6. K a th y K ir s t * A J B C ) *19, G e o rg ia 
E d m o n d so n A D . (22 m e n 6oo or b e lte r s e rie s ; A7 w om en ova* 53o s e rie s — e ig h t o ver *oo1 
SAN P E O R O : M a rg a re t S h o rp 578, D o lly C o ro n a s 
5*7, LU R em sen 554. L o ro m e F r y o r 539, V ir g in ia 
E cfce n feu 5’ 8, M o* R o se n ste in *22, R o g e r C o n g tse r 
*1o, T e rry H a y e s *24. S is to T u rriA tto *14, M ik e 
S cru g g s *o’ 
(N in e w om en 53o or b e tte r s e n * * ; seven m en 6oo or o v* r s* ri* s). T am R o m b v (S r c itiz e n ) 5*5 in s tr u c t io n s fo r b e g in n in g o n d od vonced D O C I#r* o r* bein g held fro m 4 to A p rn 
S a tu rd ay s 
SOU THSIDE 
J o m i Jo h n so n 592, G io r io H e m a n d e i 585 A u cn ro R u bio 581, V iv ia n S m ith 581, E u n ic e tio lm o s 57/ M a rg e B o ttre a li 577. R a n C la s s e y 6*9, 
R o y W a ile rs *41, B o o H a r r is *31, Jo * G lo r ia *28. 
G e n e B o n n e r *2* 
I l l m en o v e r *oo s t r ie s ; 3o w om en owe- STO s e rie s ! Su sie O rtiz hod th re e 53o or petter se rie s, in c lu d in g 564 The M o n d a y M o rn in g 
P e p o e re tie s L a d ie s L e o g u e sun n os a few o p e n in g s; onyone in te re sted should co n tact S y b o i C o rd e s o* 
66! 7954 or C h a rlo tte C o m m a c k of 922 696* 
SPORTS P A L A C E : 
M a rk Sm ith *9o, J im M c K o v 
651. C o ry /.‘ OOre *43, O o v id E rw in *39. L a r r y P e rc y 
*37, C h ris V avU a 594 B o n n ie B ro y le s 5/4. C a rm e n 
M an n 559 D dn n o O C o n n o r 559. S h e ry l B ra n g r d S54 
(15 w om ei 
SJO or b etter s e rie s . '4 m e n o v e r *oo s# n*s) A % ja i m er m o to r leag u e fo r to dies is b e in g o rg a n ize d al* 349 4548 tor m o re in fo rm a tio n 
T H U N D E R : 
D gn n v B u rn s *33. A lb e rt L o p e z 614. 
Jim C la r* 6o5 D a v id F lin g AOI, Jo h n A lv a ra d o *oo, 
Lo u isa E s p nozo 581. E lm o M o r n s 52o J o y c e P h il ups SIS. Tom B a tin o 529, L in d a T o w n se n d SI* 
W O N D E R BO W L: 
R ic h a r d R o b e rts 735. Loa** 
B ia n c g rie 7?i 
W es M e re * *o4. J e r r y M o o n *9*, 
Gen* i A lit ' *88. Jo A n n B a lla rd *27 D on M e n a rd son *1*. je a n B o w d e n *o$. B iti T o m c zv k 496. Jo n 
W o id rep c8' (7J w om en o v e r 44o s e rie s . J7 m e n *oo or aver se rie s) 
A T A STAN D ING S 
) Po* D u x c 2191 13oo, I, C a n o s C a s K jn e d o 2)15, 
$17o, J. ( b e l R ic h a r d R o b e rts o n d K e n H a n s e n . 
/o64 SD S e a ch 
5 S ie v e M an s, >999 SIDO 6. J im m y 
Sen ors 
191* H o 5 . I, L a r r y K o s s n e r. )9|5, 595; 8> 
D u n n , t r r i ' o '97o. SSO, 9, C u rt E llio tt. 18*5. 58$. IO. 
B ria n P la n n e r 
I7B*. SOQ. A lte rn a te , L o u ie B io n 
( a rte . l r ) t h y to u rn a m e n t, w h ic h a t tr a c t e d #8 e n trie s t u t rn -ougn 1 8 p la c e s 
HIGH SCHOOL M B I T fn# s a n A n to n io B o w n , i f A s s o c ia tio n w ilt nom its fou rth a n n u al H ig h S ch aai B o w n n g Tou rn am en t^ a* I JO P m Ap m J a* M tKnen Lanes B " , r v *•* » li e per team and e a ch team sh o u ld ae <arnee*# ' a l si* paws a im tour g ills E n try d e o d u n e •* M a r c h 
JI | n in e s ah# gue»tion* sh o u ld a n e t le d *• H e ro n e a ts e 
I D T a m w o rth 
San A u tem / I I M pc l i ' l i 
142 5541 

1, 
C h u r c h ill, J 23.523. 
D ivin g. I 
M e te r: 
I, 
T o m m y 
P e t e r s . 
C h u rc h ill. 419.o5, 2, P a t H ig g in s , 
A la m o H eig h 389 8o 
G IR LS 
Team Points: 
M a c A rth u r, 45; 
R o o s e v e lt. 45; C h u r c h ill, 37; 
A u stin A n d e rso n , 33; M a r s h a ll. 
32. K in g s v ille . 22; C o rp u s C h ris ti < 
K in g , 13; M c A lle n , 12; A la m o 
H eights, 12; A u stin S F. A u stin , i l l ; H ann a, 9, H o lm es, 9; C o rp u s 
C h ris ti R a y. 6 Medley Relay: 
I, 
R oosevelt, I 57 926, 2. M a rs n a u , 
I 59 7o3 
2oo F r e e s t y le : 
I. 
P e g g y 
H o n o r , 
M a c A r t h u r , 
1 57 7o6, 2, J u lie S v w a s s ln k , 
M a c A r t h u r , 1:58 869 
2oo la- d iv id u a l M e d le y : 
I. M o n ic a 
Ross. A u stin A n d e rso n , 2:14 619; 
2, 
H e le n 
H y d e . 
C h u r c h i ll, 
2 16 184 
5o Freestyle: 
I. L a u ra 
R u d w ic k , M a r s h a ll. 
24 79o: 
2. 
D ia n a W a lk e r, M c A lle n , .25.179. 
IOO F ly . 
I, F o rth R o ss. A n ­ d erson, I OO 23o 
2, M a r y O ip p o, 
Roosevelt, I oo 824. 
IOO Free: 
I, 
D ia n a 
W a lk e r ' 
M c A l le n , 
54 517; 2. L o u ra R u d w ic k , M a r ­ sh a ll. 
54 659 
IOO Backstroke: 
I, L e n o r e J a c k s o n , M a r s h a l! 
I o4 o39, 
2, L e s le y S t a n fo r d , 
A lo m o H e ig h ts , I o5 732. 
IOO 
Breaststroke: 
I, H e le n H y d e . 
C h u r c h ill. 1.1o 587; 
2, B e c k ie 
H azelw ood, C h u rc h ill, I 12 462 
4oo F re e sty le R ela y : 
I. R o o se ve n , 3 45 829. 2, M a c A r th u r . 
3 5o 477 
Diving, I Meter: 
I, 
E rin B etter, A u stin S F 
A u stin , 
377 4o, 
2. P e g g y P lo u g h , C C k in g , 369 75 
SOO Freestyle; 
I. 
M e io m e 
F r e e l, 
R o o s e v e lt , 
5 12 597; 
2, 
P e g g y 
H o lla r . 
M a c A rth u r, 5 12 632 • 

2 - s l i o t l e a d 

PA T T A Y A , T h a ila n d 
(AP) — Yurio Akitomi of 
J a p a n shot a one-over- par 73 Saturday for a 212 total an d a tw o -stro k e lead after the third round of the $3o,(XKI T hailand 
O pen 
G olf 
Championship. 

A u t o K a « * ln tf 

 j o h a n n e s b u r g . 
' s o u t h 
A fr ic a ( A P ) - Th e r e s u lts of 
S atu rd ay s South A fric a n G ra n d 
P ri* at Jo h a n n e sb u rg s k y a io m i 
C ir c u it * d r lv e r , c o u n tr y , tim e, o v e ra g e speed) 
1, N ik i L a u d a . A u s tr ia . F e r r a n , J h o u r 42 m in g le s 21- secon ds, 116 J I m p h 
2. J o d y S c h e c k t e r , S o u th 
A fric a , 
W olf 
F o rd . 
1:42 2 * 8 ; ll* 23 
J, P a tr ic k D e p o s e r . F ra n c# 
E lf T y rre ll. I 42 27 3, ll* 22 
4. 
J a m e s 
H u n t . 
B r i t a i n 
M c L a re n M JJ. I 42 21.1; H A IS 
5, J o c h * n M a s s , G e r m a n y 
M c L a re n , 1 42 41 5. H S 95 
*, J o h n W a t s o n , I r e la n d 
B ra b h a m A lta . I 42 45 2, 115 88 
7, V itto r io B r a m a n ia , it a ly 
Su n***, I 42 4$ 2, H S 88 
8, C o h o s R o u te m a n , A rgo n lin o F e r r o n , I 42 48 J, 115 82 
9. C la y R e g a z z o n i, S w itz e r land. 
T issot 
E n s ig n , 
I 43 o7 8, 
114 7* 
1o. E m e rs o n F ittip a ld i 
B ra z il, 
F ittip a ld i, I 43 3) ). 114 98 

Title kept by Conteh 

LIVERPOOL, E ngland (AP) — John Conteh of 
Britain stopped a bleeding Len Hutchins of Detroit at 1:o5 of the third round Saturday night to retain his 
World Boxing Club (WBC) light heavyweight title. 
But the A m erican com plained bitterly that he had been butted. 
“ It was a deliberate butt in the first round,” 
Hutchins said. “ I saw it com ing, but I couldn’t get out of the w ay.” 
Hutchins, 28, had blood pouring from a deep half-inch gash over his left eye. His m anager. Hank 
Grooms, said: “ This m ay have ended Len s ca ree r.” 
Conteh, cham pion since 1974, defended the title for the first tim e in his hom e city, with 3,4oo wildly partisan fans ja m m e d into Liverpool Stadium to cheer him on. 
He agreed there was a clash of heads but claim ed it was accidental. 
Blood poured from H utchins’ eye at the end of the first round. He boxed on but said his vision was im paired. 
As a doctor got ready to put two stitches in the wound. Hutchins said. “ I could have taken him , but after that butt in the first round I couldn’t see properly.” 
He pointed to the ugly cut and said: “ No punch can do that. He was punching hard, but he didn’t hurt me. He just w ouldn’t fight fair.” 
Connors wins 

SAN JUAN, P.R. (A P) — Jim m y Connors, ag­ gressive and determ ined, successfully defended his 
Heavyweight Cham pionship of Tennis title Saturday by downing a weary Hie N astase 4-6. 6-3, 7-5, 6-3. 
Connors, who has won all four m atches in the 
“ H eavyw eight” series, collected $25o,ooo for his efforts. 
Connors, apparently not bothered by a knee injury suffered in Toronto two weeks ago, got stronger as the m a tc h p ro g re sse d u n d er su n n y sk ies w ith tem peratures in the 8os and wind gusts at tim es up to 2o to 3o m iles per hour. 

-ATLAS- 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTH SIDI LOCATION 
HMM BUNCO 
7 1 M B 1 B bv 7 3 3 -9 3 o 1 
SOUTNIAST LOCATION 
7 o 3 ft . W .W . W M T! 
3 3 3 -o 3 o o 
SOUTHSIDI LOCATION 
I SOB B.W. RUNLET ANY DO. 
o 3 3 -7 3 o o 

W O R L D W IDE 
CASINO JUNKETS 
Buftnois Opportunity 

• S t# Out Ad in Classified 

U n t a Bu44i)«ss O p p o rtu n ity 

• l i f t 

MARCH HOUSC 
4 

CWAMINO TIME 
* 

ALL NON-CURRENTS 
MUST GO!!! 

BRADY’S IS MERCURY'S NUMBER ONE SINGLE OUTLET DEALER IN 
TEXAS. WE AIM TO KEEP IT THAT WAY BY SELLING ON A VOLUME 
BASIS. . . AND PASSING THE DISCOUNTS ON TO YOU. 

J 

IN C L U D E S : ★ -TOP * HOHN ★ f IRE EXTINGUISHER ★ BUILT 
IN. G A S TANK A ' S T E R N SEATS ★ W A LK -JEIRU' W IN D SH IELD > 
BOW CUSH IONS ★ W A I L -THRU CURTAIN o 2 o HP MFRCRUISER 

1/o W l f V T F U t L I N S T R U M E N T 
A c c f c n DCTAll 
PANL t. ★ POWI K I RIM Av. BJ I, GI 
S U G G E S T E D RETAIL 
P U M P ★ Bit GE BLOWER ★ 7. 
^ - 6 1 5 
I - ?. 
BA TH. Hr ★ SKIPPER B GALVAN 
- ': :M 
* 

IZED CUSTOM DRIVE ON TRAILER £ mo « jflfe ' J L 
W I I G A l l a i l T l O 
O 
T 

' v 1 ’A * 7 

SELECT FROM ONE OF THE 
LARGEST INVENTORIES 
IN TEXAS! 

IS'FUN 
MASTER 

T II-H U U w ith W ALK-TH RU WINDSHIELD 

IN C L U D E S 
UFHOtSTRfcO SEATS * 
R IE EX­ 
TINGUISHER * SIO! STOfAGE COMPARTMENTS * 
M K H ANICA* STEERING * 4o HP MERCURY HAL 
H K TRIC OUTBOARD WITH SINGLE LEVEL CONTROL 
* GAS TANK * BATTERY A BATTERY BOX * 
EASY-LOAD TIPPER SKIPPER B GALVANIZED TRAILER 
WITH A U LIGHTS AND TIE DOWNS. 

SUGGESTED RETAIL $3527.38 

BRADYS 
C 
DISCOUNT 
▼ 
LOW! ....... 2588 

IS THI UMI 
TO BUY A 
BRADY BOAT 

NEW 18'-8" GALAXY 
DEEP V BOW RIDER 

INCLUDES: * TOP * HORN A FIRE EXTIN­ 
GUISHER f DUH M N GAS TANK * STERN SEATS 
* WALK THRU WINDSHIELD * BOW CUSHIONS • 
WALK THRU CURTAIN * 12o HP MER CRUISER I o 
WITH FUU INSTRUMENT PANEL * POWER TRIM * 
BHGC PUMP * BILGE BLOWER * BATTERY A SKIP 
PER B GALVANIZED CUSTOM ORIVE-ON TRAILER 
WITH A U LIGHTS 

SUGGESTED RETAIL $6252.12 

B l ABYS aosiouT. 
LOW: . *4688* 

OPEN: 
WEEKDAYS 9-7 P M 
SATURDAY 9-4 P.M. 
SUNDAY 1-6 P.M. 

LOW DOWN PAYMENT 

UP IO FIVE YEARS TO PAY 

BANK RATE FINANCING 

LET THI "BRADY BUNCH’’ SAVI YOU HUNDREDS OF ooUABS 
* Limited Supply with tltphl impaffuction* 
BRADY S MARINE 

 r n 

Page IQ S 
H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 6 1977 E-N All-City cagers 

RICK LEGGETT 
. . . Kennedy 
HALTON WAY 
. . .J a y 

ABRAHAM DAVIS 
. . . Houston 
(HARLES BEAN 
. . . Houston 

By HARRY PAGE 
O F IH F EXPR ES S N E W S S TA FF 
Towering Gilbert Salinas of Burbank is the only unanimous choice on the 1976-77 Express-News All-City Boys' Basketball 
Team. 
The 6-11 skyscraper gained a complete vote of confidence from the Express- 
News S ports D ep artm en t, w hich selected the eight-m an team from the nominations of 4o local schoolboy coaches. 
Charles Bean of Sam Houston collected six of a possible IO votes, while Chuck 
Stanley of Lee, Abraham Davis of Sam Houston, and Ralton Way of Jay tied for the third inside spot with four votes each. 
Freddy Medina of Lanier had eight votes to lead the voting for the outside positions, Rick Leggett of Kennedy and Keith Edmonson of M acArthur tied for the other outside position with four votes apiece. 
Edmonson missed gaining an inside position by two votes while Stanley nearly got an outside berth but was two votes short also. 
Salinas, who was selected to last year’s team , was placed on 38 ballots to lead in that category. Edmonson gained 31 nominations, Stanley 29, Medina 25, and Bean 
21. Way received 18 coaches’ votes, and Leggett and Davis 15 each.* 
Mark Tom pkins of Roosevelt, who received ll nominations, Steve Gamboa of 
Burbank, and Bill Bond of Lee missed by one or two votes of gaining an outside berth. Darryl Bethley of Kennedy missed an inside berth by two votes. 
C entral’s David Pollock. Cole’s Doug Kiel, and St. G erard’s Mark Bird, who shared the top nominations from the small schools with six nominations apiece, each gained considerable notice. 
Salinas, who broke the career scoring m ark of Jefferson’s Rick Bullock, averaged 2o.7 points, 14 rebounds, eight assists, and five blocked shots during the regular season. 
Medina averaged 15.4 points, four steals, and 12.8 assists per gam e. 
Edmonson, the only junior on the unit, was tin- city’s top scorer with a 27.4 average. The 6-5 star shot 5o per cent from the field, averaged 14 rebounds, two assists, and two steals per gam e. Leggett, who had an 18.o scoring average going into post-season com petition, averaged four steals and 12 rebounds a gam e. 
Bean averaged 21.3 and Davis 17.4 points per gam e, respectively, for the 
Cherokees. Both averaged 14 rebounds per contest. 
Way, who had an 18.6 career scoring average, scored at a 23.8 clip and rebounded at a 12.1 rate this past season. Stanley, the city’s second leading scorer with a 25.6 average during the regular season, shot 58 per cent from the field, averaged two steals and 12.2 rebounds, and shot 82 per cent from the free throw line. 

KEITH EDMONSON 
. . . MacArthur 
GILBERT SALINAS 
. . . Burbank 

Attitude. 

J 

A rth u r M M ic h a *!, ■ 'F ou n d er 

AttheTravis, 
It’s Everything. 

It’s why The Travis is conservative yet progressive. It’s why our paramount determination is to be one of the soundest, safest associations in San Antonio. 
That was our attitude when we first opened in the 
Twenties. And it worked. 
It sustained us — kept our doors open through the Great 
Depression — and has kept us on a solid, unswerving path of sound growth from 1927 to 1977. 
5o years! A milestone in our history. 
And the next 5o will be just as sound . . . just as successful. 
It has a lot to do with attitude. 

5o1 North Main Ave. 223-3o21 
663o Callaghan Road 341-7277 
51o9 Walzem Road 
656-66oo 

 i 
FREDDY MEDINA 
. . . Lanier 
CHECK STANLEY 
. . . Lee 
1976-77 All-City 
Boys* Basketball Team rn 

Player, school ilgt. 
Pos. 
Class 
Avg. 
FREDDY MEDINA, Lanier ................. 5-8 
Outside 
Senior 
15.4 
RICK LEGGETT. Kennedy ................... 6-2 
Outside 
Senior 
18.o 
KEITH EDMONSON. MacArthur . . . 6-5 
Outside 
Junior 
27.4 
GILBERT SALINAS, Burbank 
.......... 6-il 
Inside 
Senior 
2o.7 
(’HARLES BEAN, Houston ................... 6-5 
Inside 
Senior 
21.3 
ABRAHAM DAVIS, Houston 
............... 6-7 
Inside 
Senior 
17.4 
RALTON WAY, Jav .................................. 6-7 
Inside 
Senior 
23.8 
CHI CK STANLEY. Lee ......................... 6-5 
Inside 
Senior 
25.6 

HONORABLE M E N T IO N 
OUTSIDE: Mark Tompkins. Roosevelt, Steve Gamboa. Burbank, Chuck Stanley. Lee; Bill 
Bond, Lee 
David Pollock, Central Catholic; Jam es Cook, Healy M urphy; Dave Ellis, St. 
Anthony, Alfred DeHovos, Somerset, Doug Kiel, Cole, Joe Uriegas, Southside; Ricardo Allen, 
Lackland. Jav Shakir, Fox Tech; Tom Hegem ier, Churchill; Robert Alcorta, M em orial; Wendell 
Herm, Jefferson; Danny Con, McCollum. 
INSIDE: D arryl Bethley, Kennedy; Keith Edmonson, M acA rthur; Dale Roberson, Kennedy; 
M a rk Bird and Willie Hodges, St 
G erard s; Orlando G arcia, Holy Cross; Bernard Turk, 
Highlands; William Knowles South Son West. L arry G e rry , M em orial; Aroid Neal, Wheatley, 
Lee L o re n re n , Randolph; Stacy and Tracy Bowers, Judson; Isaac Cain and George Irvin, 
Healy M u rp h y , Ray Mares, Southside; Derick Cloman, Fox Tech; Joe Blake, Judson; Mike 
Flores, South San; Blair Jackson, Alamo Heights; Craig Chambers, Churchill; Kelly Riddle, 
Roosevelt 

 r n fireston e Radial Deluxe 
4 fo r Champion "hems 

Whitewalls 

ER78x14 

F 1*78x14 

GR78xl4 

HR78xl4 

GR78x15 

JR78xl4 

LR78xl5 

 with TRADE 

129.95 
135.95 
149.35 
159.95 
149.95 
175.95 
185.95 
M I. HOM 2.41 I. 3.21 

1o-15-4 PIY 55.oo 
LLL 4.16 ta. 

11-15-4 PIY 69.oo 
LLL 4.2o 

12-15-6 PIY 85.oo 
LLL 4.93 

12-16.5 - 8 PIY 99.oo 
LLL 5.95 

AU TIRES INSTALLED FREE 

ALL TYPIS MAGS AND WHITE SPOKES 
PRICES START AT 24.95 ON MAGS 14x6.75 

W h ite Spokes.................................................. 
14x7 *25. 

........................................................ 
I 5 x 7 , 1 5 x 8 *28. 

CHARGE IT! K 
S 
S 
T T ’S K K ? 

5345 Walzem Rd. 

W in d c r e s t & C a m e lo t 

P h o n e 6 5 5 - 8 4 1 I I 

6oo7 West Avenue 

At Loop 4 I O 

P h o n e 3 4 7 - 9 4 7 6 

I 

Continued 
From 

PIANOS RENTED-Optton to Bu7 
NO LIM ITED TIME 
V 
.D a c b e rfs M usic P laza ii" w”*Lir.V 
'.iii!;; 

MR** f t , 
♦IO rn. MAIN_______ 
224-1741 
£*'* )?,P°y storage, RabV^T'ana, w t-m a 
W‘ n,w k#v*' *3W- 

 unredeemed 
Instruments 
Amerlcon Loon Co. 227-8572 

Musical 

JO Self Loodine PLO AT, Tandem rolline tail Pipe. S15oo. Canyon 
Lane, I -OH-1117 l ^ i m 
^ e n oTBBTau. 
' 
P L A Y E R P IA N O S 
ED GAIDA 8 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO. 
2oo4 N.Plares 
732-1544 
Cewrev Croon, Genie m o d e iT " to. rhythm, 2 keyboard, mony other features. s?so. 455-1759 
6 k g A oI, Lowry Holliday with 
GENIE. Model 3TLOKSA. Less than I yr. old. Cost SHOO. Sell 
>24oo. 734-37o9 
Peavey io i looiferT'K Q wolf. amp., 4 ohm, Si75. 484-S4S3. 
WIKR 6 ; Henry fc" Mille? somng. 
I *81-3716, *24-o*8* 

 s simp banio. good with carryin* ease, SSS conqueror condition. wtm carrymp c— also, capos, picks, shoulder strap and Instructional books, 
Prod *28-4554 after Sam 
CfntCUf VT WTCTTTgg! 
No Time Limit en Rentals 
Rental Porches* Plan 
19o7 ^.Woodlawn 
734-4217 alamo and 
Howard combo 
Sears amps. s x m 923-7*3o 

W -R B H U B .tA H H I 

 ureennouse, Preterit, Damage, 
Term*, f f l t Jet. ♦14-5oo1. 

SL18BHSI t dell *emJ!rcra!?»mm 

S o m e t h in g N e w , 

A t t e n d a n A u c t i o n 

.. I i M,.A i■ .I,n|4riii i—a iLLjiiisfesiliiUi 
San Antonio 

 on. tlaeC ftnishina sander. 

I Bucyrus ferfe model *oL , drilling machine, water or oil, 
45S-21o1 or 451-422*. 

CAT 977 LUNGHI 
3*5oo 
Canyon Loke (1)935-2117 t)AViS Model loo trencher with off set attachments S285o. Inter­ national Model 3444 T ra cto r 
Loader Backhoe in esc. cond. 
*595o 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
533-5145. 7)9 Steves 

Hunter Wheel A lignm ent ma- 

 t m CASB SS* leader. dUfsVTPr aine, hydra tavttlna, 4-N-i bucket, 
I.ITS cu yd loader bucket, 3 tooth gripper, rigid draw bor, 13” semi grousers open center, clutch lockout, HOPS canopy, lock up kit, engine side panel, front pull hooks. Serial No 7o759oo; hour meter 771; condition, excellent. 
*24,5*o. Call Tom McCabt, Girard 
Machinery A Supply 923-4353.142* 
Roosevelt Ave. Son Antonio 
DI TCH" WITCH, l l hp, $1 SAA or best ofter. 4*1-3149. dragline M r sole. Heavy buiy 
Bucyrus 3o-B. Like new, only 1ooo hours. 4o' Boom, IV* yard bucket 
Call: 1-713-4*1-44*4 

- c6 M b lViotff » ' H T^ o 'a 
,11o volt. High efficiency. 

OS iu d OUT. 
Codders, tools, counters, shelves, 
■amt and rooting. Open March t and 
♦ t*** w - 
Commerce. 
734-4427. 
AIR 

 window mount. u! »m,".Wdth.14v*'\sm. 474-9421 y7"ion«li*lonor, Coldspel, U .f t i 

■nu n m n -------- raTcftfeD window, S ill. to ; is5)o BTU won heater, SIS*. Red rinn edroet. 149 8281; J41-To14 
7.1 1 MU s t dO M ftassetr Dining em Set, Like N*w S27S. Oak Be droom Set Com att. $*9, 7 Drawer 
Desk, 139, Stove SOS, Mlde-a Bed, 
Twin Bed. Chests, Much More 
ITM west Ave. 732-4595 )o-4pm raTiiaue qrondfother clock and 3 glass showcases, see: 
254 
Meadow Glade. Lackland area, 
675-17*. 
Appiianc|s and bike. E X C E L ­ 
LENT CONDITION. Coldspot re­ frigerator, whito 14 co ft., trost- less, bottom freezer, lcemaker tiro Kenmore coppertone dish­ washer, 5 cycle, portable conver- table. Used app. IO limes *145. 
Bicycle, Men s 24”, 54o 344-998o 
Aquarium. J mo oid7?o~qoi. long. complete with stand. *125. After 
S :3opm 494-25o9________________ 

 a r m y s u r p l u s & 

 d a m a g e d f r e i g h t 
D esks, s w iv e t c h a ir s , pedestal fa n s , rid in g la w n m ow ers, e le c tr ic m o to rs , washers, bunkbeds. e lectric and m a n u a l a d d in g m a ­ chines, w ood t r im , d o o rs , sinks, la v a to rie s , p a llets . 3 acres of it e m s ! ! 
C O M E 
L O O K !!! 
5o35 
R oosevelt, 
924-8771._____________________ 

G o l d , S i l v e r a n d P r e c i o u s S t o n e s 
Sunday Merck A, I IO PM 
Monday Merck 1 ,1:3o TM 

A t T h e L a P o s a d a H o t e l lO O O Z a r a a o z a , L a r e d o T e x a s 7 8 o 4 o 
OVA! 1ooo ICTS Of send gold rings, bracelets, pocket notches, necklaces, earrings, brooches, pendants, medoliions, coins, fobs, platinum, sterling, rubys, diamonds, pearls, emeralds, topaz, tiger eye, etc., etc.- appraised con­ servatively at one hod million dollars 
HIGHLIGHTING Several repeater pocket watches including a Ferret and letthoud, railroad and hunters watches. Lucian Picard and Hole* wotches. 
Dozens of solitaires and dusters of mounted precious stones jewelry in­ cluding a lot of 8o carats bog diamonds. 1854 Kellogg and Co SHJ goldpiece, silver coins by tho bag. 8 oz. man s ctiofnlink. Gold bonds, litigious medals, you noma WI Tou wUl bo do ity of this collection 
OUT: 

 i dazzled by the variety and quality of tho aesthetic 

HISTORY this auction represents tho lifelong Investment of o Lorodo businessman who for SO years, shrewdly invested his funds in tho world s most stable market—Gold, Silver and precious stones. Inspired by o recent U 
S. Customs Gold Auction in Lorodo, and serious health problems, he has com­ missioned our him to liquidate his possessions Although tho owner wants his 

 inq precious items. Stortina with only Si sd More moving to lorodo ho spent I 
(ko, living in recluse but buying gold! 

1ooo Sots going on tho Auction Block, you will noed itll! Thoro is just 

 name withheld, his story is fascinating. It begon in 1929 In Cuba, going to door buying precious items. Stortino with only 325 ond parlaying it Into a pirates' chesil More moving to Laredo he spent 2o yeors in the hills ond cities of Mexico, living in recluse but buying gold! 

Cubo, going door 
325 ond p 
I 2o yeors 
C ng gold! a bt S3 from our firm with ovor 

A STEAL 
Aet Owner must sell ll new (in crotei). GE window heat-air con­ ditioners. Below wholesale cost at 
$355 each Call 349-52*2; or even­ ings. 494-633*, 494-7574. 
A T T E N T IO N 
FLEA M A R K E T V E N D O R S 
Warehouse full. Must sell ever­ ything in 9o days. Glassware, coin machine. Shoes, used clothing, groceries, p rin tin g supplies, 
Hewers, new and used lumber. 
Can 224 4441 or come bv 2942 E. 
Houston 
St, 
I block 
W. of 
Coliseum. 
I Avocado green 36” gas ranges, 
SIO and HOO I Coppertone gas range, STS. H arvest Gold gas rang*. 51oo GE refrig erato r. 
Harvest Gold, 14 cu lt. 51oo. Can be seen in Converse, 65o o394 
Roby bed ond mattress, still In box *4o 333-9313 before 2:3o 
F3,obv swing- cradle, Stroller. 

 too much to Kit in the media 
MMS: Cash, costlier i check or letter al credit with draft. A 32S entrance fee per person must be levied to control attendance. 
Vie ote acting soley os agents, all soles ore finol subject to consignor. 
INSWCnON: IO AM both days until Sole Time. 

JOHN JONES 
A uction etr, TXG C -77-oo29 

J KAHN ANO ASSOC., 5 1 2 -3 4 2 -4 8 2 2 
5 o 9 6 Blanco Rd., San A ntonio 7 8 2 1 6 
Make your reservations early lf you plan to stay of the La Posada, phone 
512 722 17o1 or AMEI-IXFttSS for reservations. 

Arache* hlono with ben 
Bicycles, need repMrs, pong tool*, >25. 4*4-1922_________ 
A ort ch Wink full length coat. matchln 
Firm 
Tan? 

 blo collar, sit# IO, 
,341-2939 
Che? continuous 

" to r w * 

 cloop, electric *375. **1-273o 
Hatton Porch (furniture 
2 seated couch, 2 chairs, coffee table and end table, >175. >24-1427 
Reconditioned color, block-white 
TV 's, 
E xcellent pictures washers, dryers, refrigerators. 
All priced to toll now! Preowned 
I* piece white and gold oil wood 
Broytiill king bedroom suit In­ cluding desk, com plete, 5495. 
Preowned 7-plece Haywood Wa­ kefield bedroom suit, *3oo Brandt honoy-maple dining room suit solid wood with double drop-leaf table, 4 chairs, buffot, server. 
M IN T C O N D IT IO N . S4So. A 
STEAL! Butcher block table and 
4 chairs SISO Other dinette suits. 
Antique dresser, out of this world, 
*2oo. Coffee end tobies, lamps, new 3-piece valve* living room group with I' couch, love seat, chair. $389. Now bedding. Prices no one in town can boat) Walzem 
Corner Furniture. Cerner Wolze 
Rd ond IH 35 AM/12** 
Ret ornorT A frock with plQV-bo. • dock. 533-5372. 

Used O ffice F u rn itu re 
Desks, choirs, typewriters, ad­ ding machines More! 349-2474 
USED REFRIGERATORS 
CENTRAL SERVICE CO 
7o7 WEST AVE., 734-4237 
Utility trailer, large, enclosed. 
535o 455-243*. 
Vent-a-Hood, 4 ft. wide copper tone, 2 lights, extra pipes. SIO aft. 
5 732-4624. 
VIA Repair Kit, advertised in no- tlonal magazine. Like new kit has all you need. Reg 5259, let go for 
51oo 
Call 534 3996 oner 7 pm 
Mon.-Wed.-Fri 
Washer, auto. Kenmore, good condition S65; electric dryer S4o; portable freezer >5o 433-42*4. 
Washing marhme, i i i ; king size spread with matching d rop **, 

— 
S&asa 
" l l 

 rn rn rn 
GAINS TO O r A uction Column 

S unday M a rc h 6 1 9 7 7 

FORKLIFTS 
ALL SIZES - ALL TYPES 
Broo bach Equipment, 734-1459 
GALION *54 mod#! T-5oo motor grader, S3 SOC Case SIO, suns and 
41o troctor-loader-backh oes, 
5795o to *11,5oo. Case ISO loader, 
4-in-1 bucket; ripper, excellent condition, hour meter H i, *24,5oo. 
Coll Tom McCabe 913-4353 Girard 
Machinery A Supply 3421 Roo­ sevelt, Son Antonio ____________ 
GU N ITE machina far building swimming pools 555oo. Garbage disposot truck *42oo. 5oo Cast tractor >45o*; with 4 yard by 
I. B sod Off 
Building. SHOO. Call 224-4441 

Sports Equipment Auction, SBA 

A U AMERICAN SPORTS . 42S o S. Alameda 
Town 8 Country Shopping Conter, Corpus Christi 
3 BIG DAYS 

 fildwy. Perth 11, 4 p.m. 
Zwhridey. March 13, 1o a.m. 
Saturday, March IP, IO a.m. 

 draullc scraper *3ooo. Back hoe 
A ir Conditioned Office 
*5ooo. or 
Come by 2942 E. Houston. 

13 JOHN BERE | 
ISAC LOADERS 
Model 44o With 271 

NOTI: the Smell Business Administration has authorized AoAMS ANO 
ADAMS AUCTION SfikVKf of Corpus Christi to s#H at Public Auction, the en­ tire inventory from the three All AMHHCAN (FORTS stores Inventory is valued at over (3oo,ooo 
SOFTBALL AND HARDBALL Eqpt Bom bats, aluminum ond rubber ends 
(2So1. Gloves. Snowing ond Wilson (IOO). 37 cases of ll batting helmets. 6o dozen SpoWmg bosebolls Urge assortment of team uniforms. SHOES - rub- ber ond meted/loots colon. TOURS: (aluminum 
I, Ridded, Converse, Puma, Tiger, all sizes ond 

 dummies, 
BALL equipment complete uniforms, practice jerseys (2, o 
Riddell rubber deals. 9o dozen double chin straps. Bike training kin. OfftCE equipment: Toshiba FAX copy mochlne. Executive desks. 2 ond 4 drower legal file cabinets. Electric typewriters ond calculators Cosh registers. Large ossort ment ol wood ond metol fixtures. OTHER EQUIPMENT: new Hermes engrov- ogroph, Instaietter-setter, lettering pres*, large assortment of trophies, pla­ ques, plastic ond felt letten and numben. Many Mony more items. 

Friday, Mardi lf , 12-4 p.m.; Saturday, March 12, H O p.m. 

AUCTION CONDUCTIO BT 
ADAMS A ADAMS AUCTION SKRVICK 
3o44 S. Pud#* felon* Dr. . Consul ChrfeH 7*41 S 

Dusty Adams 
FtOQ ADAMS 
51245S-62o6, Txgc 774o*3 
512-742-IA5S, TXGC-77-oo42 

>18; 4*1-2—4. 
Water tonic, HOO gal. h*4v* fdge poly. *175 >24-1*2* wedding dress and veil. Ivory, 
11-12, 
----------- size 
*125. 434-2155. 
Wedding gown and headoiece, 
Size IO, 5125 694 3453 344-3944 

IS” Diagonal Zenith Color Console 
TV, Reciv'dltioned Like New S29*. 
Hoops 1533 Austin Hwy. 
Diamond, loose i carot Coll 
4*4-41*1 weekends or after 4am weekdays bout)!, ra-d, mattress, boxsprmu fram e. $4o cosh. Good cond. 
223-4233) 22*4*37 eves, Wkds 
OoubicT bed w TTT m attress, boxsoring, 5*5 Soonish style dresser with m irror, *95. Gold colored sofa, 54o. Almost new toveseat. 595. 714-o934 
S-drawer chest, i i i ; I hutches, 
575. Director's chair, ss. Bed 
! frame, SIO. 49o *872. 
________ 
Electric hair roller*, stereo, ex- 
•rcising bicycle. Call atter 4 pm.. 
349-9194 
Elec. Typewriter it 75 
444-1 SSI 
ELEPHANT G A ftlld -f hollo! on ions Big National Market waiting oil you con grow. 733-1137 
Excellent window IModrich Air 

 tfc>w 223-54o4 
I I ' * " ' 1 
B ond 'th portable TV. almost new 54o. 344-7173. 
B C A U t im ' TL'A N f r i g m oT nobly priced! 453-4419 
Bed. Kingsize, never used, still packaged, extra firm (W orth s48o) complete *17*. Includes 2o yr guarantee ond d e liv e ry . 

Bt'droofti f- piece M e d i l boot- cose, lamps un 455-491) eriffrgom sets, extra c h a ti. tftaHOr. twin beds Crushed vel­ vet couch and choir, cofteo- and 
•ables Stove, refrigerator Din­ ette, Bookcase, walnut desk. Love seat, recliner 333-495* 
Bedroom suite, large Im portant refrtg*'o'ar, 3 piece living room suite. 7 buck and white TV s. 3 gas heaters. Dining room suite. O' 
Italian marble coffee table 2454 w Mistletoe, 7)2 3142 
Bede on rn tulles. Mediterranean 
Dining Suite, China Cabinet, Sofa 

 conditioner. 82ooBTU. 22o outlet. 
519o Coll anytime 734-4142 
: Exerciser, tears Ile x-o-lounge. 
SIS. Used van tiros. 14.5 4ply. SIO 
OO. 434-UBS 
Itfh lN B IE B I f f g F T igTrowl in* Room chucked full. Hoosier kitchen cabinet SISO. Rocker SBS. 
Buffet *4o. Corner Chino cabinet 
SUS Chairs. Prtmotivos. glass­ ware. Singer tredle morning. *45. 
FLEATIOUK, 141o W HII«gb'ano at into, 734-o395, 1oam till dark 
E fcbbSfti Air Un,ft. M'. W I f b 
BISS HAQQ BTU SIM. 454o773 if4 l Fender jazz Bats d o lla r 

Bunk Beds, Early American Din- e, Hutch. Ti 
Chest. 317 *113 nutte, 
Tea Corf. Twin Beds 

Bed's) I single ss and bu* punas, Like new, SIS. 133-4276. 
? Beat. twin m afioso 

 with case 
349 4884 
>17*. 735-3o17. After 4, 

FOR ( A l K: Telephones and parts, Write tor brae rotate#, Sur­ plus Saving C enter, Box IIT , 
Deal MA-IT, Waymart, Fo ltZTI 

 ant Steel Pipe 

Fiberglass Tubs A Shewers 

Water Heaters 

HOUSEHOLD FU R N IS H IN G S 
USED ONLY I YR. IN EXC EL­ 
LENT, SPOTLESS CONDITION! 
Contem porary black- brown- beige plaid living room suite. 
Matching sofa, love seat. 2 arm choirs. S'coffeo tab ic 2 pedestal ash tray stands Pedestal swivel 
TV table. GE matching washer and dryer. Ivory colored dinette table with 4 yellow upholstered chairs. Mahogany queen bed With headboard. French Provincial triple dresser with 9 drawers and 
2 drawer matching night stands 
Lamps. Bunk bed with double rails. 
MUST 
SEE 
TO 
A P ­ 
P R E C IA T E ! 
Call 
M otor 
Mohammed Ibrahim 473-117o ar otter 4pm 475-o454 
Uhp t-nqine. electric Storf. Call 
4o1-3149. 

Kenmore Automatic Dishwasher, 
EXC. Cond HOO, 349 3o*1 Oft 4. 

Reel tape deck, TRAC 234b 4. 
Excellent cond. >4*o firm. 473-7oo2 
R e frig e ra to r, sm all, old to- shioned. bright rod, working. *4o. 
344-2894 
» singer mgr, automatic washer, freezer. Working portoct. Reo- sonoble 224 1959. 
Refr.g. i atar, lf cu. 6. trosttroe, 2 door, good condition, 175. 333-o221. 
R I H 
Tgf IA To A -lraeier,"gtffle 
Frigidatre side by tide. 14 cu ft. 
Like new *2oo. 927-5*2/_________ 
Hetrigerot'or. mil. size, excellent running cond. SSO 4S3-»1S» 
Refrigerate »*i. dove S65. 6ln- vtte sis Maitres* and Box Spring 
SIS. Rocker S25. Chest *3o. Hutch 
SSO. Desk 545, 734-4112 
______ 
Refrigerator. misc. turn. Moving, must sell! 455-223o 
----------- RE F illo ~1 ET f g l ------------ 
Westinghouse. *45. 341 QUO 
R efrigerator, frla id a ire . must 
Sell, good cond US 453-425o 
R efrig erator, avocado green; washing machine, stereo cabinet with 2 matching bookcases, must be sold by Sun 735-2243 freezer, 14’ icutt 

W E E K E N D S P E C IA L 
Wrought iron 
Table and chairs 
Reg.S98.Weekend S79.9S 
See at 239o Austin Hwy 
Open Sunday 

1 • J O. Model 44o with 271 Detroit 
Diosol, I vd bucket with ripper 
S3I5o. I • J O. Model 2o1o, 4 cylinder, gas engine I yd bucket 
5375*. I • J.D. Modal 1o1o with 4 cylind er Diesel engne *425o. 
These machines are In good cond 
59S-WU. 
Kenmore feefrlgerotor ond (love 
In good cond 434-5632 on 6 
2 Large A ir H am m ers, 2 Air 
Tampers, 1-1” Drive Air Impact 
Wrench Grease Equlpt., l l Oft, 
5yd. Galion Dump Body. 344-4711. 
4,ooo lb. Forklift Good Conyrin operation. *31*o or Bott offer. 
4o21 NACO-PERWIN. *63-3773. 
Locators: equli, niacin Yoll free 

M i • IMM HRINIHIT I 

1973 M O G IL FORD I H I Diesel 
Tractor, power steering, mony 
Other accessaries. 
Very low hours. 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145, 739 Steves 
75 Model LH. Cub LowBov 1*5 with twin disc and plow Like new. 
435->4*7 
IN and 9N Ford Tractors, Late 
I Model 3ooo Ford Tractors, 135 
I and 145 Massey Ferguson Tree- 
! tors Used Planters ond Cultivo- j tors I and 4 row 
DIETZ TRACTOR CO. 
I 379-194$ or 45*12** 
________ SII IHtQ Seguin_______ 
ROCK PICKER, hydraulic con- 
| trol lift 23o1 Nogplitos, 534-47it 

S H R E D D E R 
Ford 7 ft 3 pf hookup, new cond, i >475 

Page I I -S 

495-921*. 
EEL BU I L I 
S TE E L B U IL D IN G S , Fo rm , 
Ranch Equip. Hay ond Horse 
Barns. Plot Pens. 337-4931 days or nltos. 
____________________ 

T H E T O R G E R S O N C O . 
739 Stovot 
533-5145 
TOWNER Moboard Hydraulic 
Roll over 3 bottom plow, 3 pf boo kup *45o. 495-9211_____________ 

I *oo tors: #qi 
>31-4o5o ext JOOf 

2 NATFX TRUCKS 
I • 1941 LH . 2 Ton is * * gal capacity 
BIF SO. 
I 
- 
1942 international 1/gg series IVOO gal capacity *325o. Both Trucks have spray bart. 49S-921*. 

U C T IO N 

G ary’s Antiqua Auction Nous# 
AU Colorado, Hwy. I A3, Lockhart 
Sunday March A, I :SG FJL 

C .-lp n id se ae by BMBTM ANTtOUt* ITV. 

W M xMrJri’^ B ln 'J^efeerA tA^R7kw*be2rpli# kk 
. A. ... . t in t-»A- At x ^ 
RALmm^Aa Yrs njn«h« tnnxf 
CRM fVHi Wml M VawVfVi RMRMIV raPfPpMM WRBniipiB flow Mug dbmer tarvhe. Onk Ip iM t bedroom SU hi 
, leaded gfeu beebreee 
3 pl—os. Mehog— y chest i ors.Wreplen nwrnfel. Walnut bedroom SU fee. barie drawtoof tablet. Woks ut chest of chewers. Cores 
Porte. ikMs^Zkwtr i ihclu. brest and Iran bod. 

Cxfeyma 

USED 4ooo PORD and USED 5ooo 
FORD TRACTORS. EW ALD 
FORD TRACTORS, IH IO, Hwy 
44, Seguin, Tx 1-379-4591 
WANTEO: 3 pf. hookup disc hor- row, t iff 449-297o_____________ 

W E L D E R 
Arc welder General Electric 4oo amp. Portable Excellent condi­ tion *95o. 495-921*. 

 cere fee. Dresser sots 

 lei docks. Brose caid Iran bod. Mo hee— y talks. Porter Sabine. 3 drawer filing 
(ewofey. Lorge seletfeen af prhfes and capa and sear*. Giver afd shtnu tee cats. SHV ar chaff. Queen t v . chaff. Ovssn itrophoc* r___________ 4t. Ctrine dessert set. S piece bowl ond pitcher sot. Wicker chob. Votes. Ugh* triodes. 
Srievtng mirror. HoHtraos. 3 Victorian po re sole. Mony, 
Mony im 
932-AUCTION SALE 
IHVSST IN QUALITr 
♦or Addhioctol kdorswofi— CoM S13-*db-*7o1 or 3a2-7oo3 

Welder. Elec and ACY Torch. 
C art, 4-bottles 35o. H D Wood- 
Steel work Bench 5o. 1-425-5(22 or 
2)1*. 
I wheel adult Schwinn bike. bath- tub tin k, 4 doors, stove, sofa. choir, matching coffee 2 end ta bras, very roes Coll all day Sun­ day, Mon Tues ofter 5pm 696-44oo 
Wheels, White Spake, new 14*7, 4 lugs with now G7o-I4 tires, white letters. Ideal fgr small pickup 
*14*. 455-1117 
7 w ^ r r g ^ sinaHeT r rassin, tobT 
•ntant seal. GM cur seal, 4*4-9o14. 
Wood Office D ask ond chair, 
36x4o. 4 drawer. 51o*. 441-7741 

T75I5" petri* 
_______ freezer, *22$ 341 o673 
R e fr li) f l T 
M 
Frigidatre, excellent, 432-5373 after 6. 
Riding Mower, Sho S speed, i i used en# season. 495-3335. 
T 4 Rolo' tille r k hp (lick i'M'fl 
Power Reverse, Excellent Cond. 
492 11o9 

929-WASE SALES iT F F T x r ^ T r o T n s ra T J v r u ? ? 
SELL! (toro# receiver, turntable 
I and speakers, carpet shampooer, 
Occasional chair, glassware, 
MISC. flea m arket items. 1315 
DONALDSON No 3o5. Stort Mon. 
Mor.7. Will bdrgoin 734-3*4* 
Bunk 6 ras, sm o• opplioncts. clothing, books, and more 
Lone Shod: 

Kingsize mattress and boxsoring, 
IO yrs, old 525. 337-4736. 
(6) Kirby vacuums In box wRVl 
—TJi attachments '77 models Regular ?hr1ddfr 
S n 
S379.95 s ac rifice 
$23o.oo ! *hr*<«Hr' « ° Adrian delivered Lost opt deol Austin, 
1 451 72*o 
Kirby Vocuum dfeanor, 

125o5 low Troll. Sot.-Sun. 
Divine LlgM Mission Super Ga rage Sale. Furn Appl. Musical 
Inst. 516 N. Main Sat ond Sun 

AUCTION 
S U N D A Y 
M a rc h 6 - 4 P .M . 
Pienos-Orgont Boothes 
Spirfeis Upriqriti Grondi 
ANTKMK A MOMEN 
Hew-Oem—itretar-Usad 

Some aith full or gortiel fort ary worrantyv Hammond, Thames, 
Tow A Sons, Wuriitzer, (ottogi, 
Sthiedmytr, Silvertona, KimboH, 
(obit, Boithrin 
Bailors Wokomol 

INSP€CT!oN From 12 Noon unfit time of sol* 

H A U MUSK CINTER 

IHI Oat Wurzboch 

TxO«-77-G3*a 
G A R Y F IN G L E M A N 

Ford 9N tractor, *94$. M F 145 diesel, *415o. M F 65 diesel. S245o 
Int. 46o diesel. 5245o Oliver I t diesel, *24oo. I new B ritish 
Leyland diesel, 47hp demo., 
I new British Leviond dies: 
SShp demo., *4*5o. I new I 
Leyland 7*hp diesel, SISOO. I 
4-row peanut and max* planter, 
SIMO. Other Equipment. John bg"' 
_____________ 

 p r i i i sn 
*425o. 
»el MS. 
British 

942 
• 
FARM 
SUPPLIES 
EQUIPMENT I 

AC Crimp Cutter. *12oo. 3 bottom 
JO rollover plow, *4oo Stool coffle rocks, S7S. 824-4465 or 422-941 ! ■ 
B E D E L L T R A IL E R CO 1974 
Clos# Out Sale on all Gooseneck 
Troller*. ISIP So. F lo u t 224-43)1 
CASE FARM Tractor LA Model. and tires. 45 he s u n . new 
495-'♦TTT 

942 
• 
FARM 
SM ______ 

EQUIPMENT 
I 

DISCOUNT FARM EQ. 
Order (rom our Cataloes, cost plus IQS. 2 to 5 day delivery, used 
T ra d e r ond Equipm ent Sale. 
DODGIN EQUIPMENT CO . *223 
S Presa. 532 4151 _____________ 
52 Ferguson 24 hp. 3 point hookup with draw par, excellent condi- 
I hen. After 4, 224-3232.__________ 

Fora 219 offset disc. *12oo. Kine 

For Sale Case U tility Tractor 
Model I l f , front end loader, scraper Mode. New Motor ond tires SHOO 1-625-1922 eves ond weekends. 733-1424 days________ 
12 M J O . Br nm Drill, double disc. ; small seeder box; 13 tt Interna­ tional Disc Harrow; is rt x I ti I 
Gooseneck hoot 3 axle with alec. 
.brakes. Don Munster Post hole dieter I i auger. International 
I trenton* leader. Portable Sure 
Weight Livestock Scale. 2 metal 
Creep Feeders doubt# side I ton capacity. 1*7# International 4 
Wheel drive Pick Up. 1-7*o-249o ofter 6 p.m. 
_______ _ in t l m a y Cr im p e r s 

 t a i t w i l i t M a n n a s 

 l^vocuum cieaner^ritn on attornment*, excellent condition. 
533 85o7. 
Lam ps, lighted om oer boil*, matchln* two* liras. 455-5*o2 
^ 

Soc riflco. 4 mo GE washer dryer, 
Harvest gold. loaded. 55oo After 
4pm 344-1o94. i t e t t f i 1 1 
Mathis console 

Large moo!* des T W 

 chose oft 5 

SIO both, Now Do lounge chair. Oil 

 bar 
SIGO 
499-1 $H 

 orgt Plywood BoiCS, fxd'xfj 
' on 
Control Moving A Storage 
115oo N Loop Rd 

Cd! 
SIO 

 bren telephone table, trunks, aunt rail, mirror picture frame, piano stool, twin Pea nu' stand, Pie sate, tome primative furniture, Texas made 
Very old m ilk cooler crocks, tcoles. iron puts, cast iron wood b u rm n t neater, lamps many more items 4So-I394 

J teal Tuns 
I 
' 

 nv p o lle r ny tables. *34-7o3/ 
575 Man 
BRER BCR. late m o K iT TV 
*16o. M H M ) 
Bicycle, rodyls 24 ', good condi- lion 492 1414 
Bio Wg17T« 6 SALB BAiiGT iTTs 
SUNDAY ALL OAY: Tools. Yard and Gardening Eauiptment, patio 
Fum. Many Plants, Misc. Hou­ sehold Item s. 1o914 BAR X 
TRAIL. (Helotes) Alt Must Go. ll' §“u< k ond white b'agonal 
Toot# MOdol TV 54» HOPP s 1533 
Austin Hwy araTJT 4 wooden venetian 34v'x l‘ good condition 824-6751 
B u 4 fflH ih A A H -* r iW » Ar ieT cps* telephone All acc. plus ivvduty charger. 
435-o514 
HW 
Copii (boll hanging lamp t i l ; 

 last Iron Tubs 
Sinks Lo vo rtto n et 
Many Other items 

2 24-o672 
French Provinicol Hulch fop l l 
Wide, >25. o22 1153_____________ 
F R IO IO A IR i re/rloerolor, cop- pprtorie. >75 344-3o57___________ 
35 It Metal Antenna Mast With 
Guy 
Wires 
Almost 
New 
SIS. 
7354311 
^urnllure Appliances Jewelry 
All Applications approved with required down pay men I Call Im ­ perial Furn 222-2227 416 Brody. 
G ot Range, excellent) ll5 o 

I yr old iu r fis 
Ile color TV, 21", ex­ cellent condition, SHO or best offer 224-91 SS 
U A R t V i l L I : Levi leans, boys wear, sports wear, etc Nob Hill 
Loosing Office. 7424 Callaghan, sunday 9 to S. 
____________ 
Scuba (Jva” busu-do.rHegulorar, 
Dacor Twin 55o Tanks. Dept. gouge. etc. o9o-43oo. h m T l e c l n c Mower, ute'd 'l 

Dryer, bike, rue. comping can opy. slide prelector, alec. typew­ riter, misc. Thur Fri. 242 
E. 
HOLLYWOOD_________________ 
4 Family Garage Sale, lots of everything, furniture, clothing, all _______________ sizes, household etc March 4-6. | We buy end sari 
41o W. Byrd oft Pot Booker Rd., 
Univertoi City 

 aa. 
III XI mu ll ill Ilium 
I r*MW «»▼ WTT** I WI* Vt *1 
' T 
Ck.ss.! VOO 22M714 
• ATER SALES 
, poRO TRACTOR MOD 
•K EY TOOR 
Grover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston. Tx. 
TX6C-77 o1S4 
S.A. Office: 11o31 Wye Orive 
Allen Howell (SI2) oSo-I13o 

 j s & m . 
4o1o: 4o2o JOHN DEERE w -w ii 

Cooey 
174. 

453-3274 otter I and weekends 
Gibson SG Excellent Condition 
Coll AH 5pm 342 3597___________ 
Go Cart For Sale. Bl 16. Good heavyduty charger. 
435-o514 Condition. Bocontty Overhauled 
434 31o2 
474-o459. 
C lip ,rural, hanging .amp T T T 6 fc c A * t 
U L rattan swivel choir with cushion aition. Cali 4o4-oo93 oH. 5 wkdvs. 
SM; high choir $7; temple rub-1 anytime wknds 
2 gold carpets, 12x14, tape recorder ond stereo speaker. 
655 71*4_______________________ 
Golf dubs, kogen llliradyne ll 

 buras ond Piner pictures *84 o468 esTosr-Ruit Tbro. id - f T . i . oeiifBt cond 
S24o or best otter 
655 9724 ofter lpm or weekends 
CE-bb-sr E I,ycC~ ~64Q'T sB~w ~ 
SH IO S35o Misc equip 653 2515 oMar > : W 
B r i ______ 
^6 ro^bicohro outo 112 4 (1 AM fee* >25o 734 4919 735 6733 
I ifgdgr Chott, dining ond bedioom ramiture. hutch, old won onone I i« a s s *o re , m ore 
$32 6621, m 9 flt 1)o2 Topeko____________ 
<fH!rU A , W o rito k r w h i l e a a lii' elcnqd. booutitui set 
S e rv ic e t o r i 
7 t i f f 47o 729o________________ ; 
<?loct, Olf W aterbury striking ; with calendar carved cosy. real! dee W X 421 2o79 fur et tor wonts fterm on M ilitory 
'terns. WW! and WWD including; 
Regimental Beer steins SSS 3141 
S i r Ajm lrof TV iH , Riocii b » 
Whltg Fart ob Ie t v SO 733o763 ii 
Color (fansole Tv. goo! eon-' irtien, atis, tor best after Contact O in o tte * 
*73 logo 

Irons 2 PW SHO*494 2414 

GRAND OPENING 

McDonald’s 
TM Clearance Center (or 

 o m OI America's Largest 

Furniture lu sm ji Cos. 
••We ronlod ii Hr st so *o can soil it tor lest”. 

' l i p 
I 
M editerranean Perfect cond 
5o25. 9)4-o794 
I iillo r t v ' l f Broijiifui Picture 
S92I. 11447o8 
I 
'p r a r 
T V l i i i i c o n so lrii" I H S m o i 
!tT7, 

Lamps 
......................... . . . SS 
Tobies ........................... .. . S i 

X 
Saaoa-arn 

. SII 
Uphoitiered Chain .. .. SIF 
Mattress Sets .. .. 533 
Dinettes ....................... . $39 
Dressers ............. .. 
. t i t 
Sofas ............................ . SEF 

I He" We * TV baillonal ^ o i;# ! 
Couch ond Choirs. Gold H lfh 
•a c k Chairs, with m etchihg couch. Com plem ent!* Lamps, 
M arb le and Weed T o ile t to 
Match used 2ohp outboard Like 
New Elect.* Remote Mater SOM 
441-3469 
LI K'SUE UM U L I 
Heavy vinyl 
Linoleum S4.9S So Yd For Clear once Linoleum Remnants, Wall 
Roper 9o-51.oo. Inside Latex SS 95 
Gal Exterior Latex Home Faint 
Best Grade SO.95 Gal. Window 
Glass, Venetian Blinds SO 95 ea 
Terms. GERHAROTS 533-7149 
U U 5 Heck n-tfTy. 
Living room, dining room, bo droom furniture, Spanish bar, kingsize bed. upright freezer, 
454-6725_______________________ 
Loveseat with i end tablet, all I year old 342 toto 
Motchmg chair ond oliom an, newly impi >75 prier ll 333 4324 
Medllerroneon bedroom suiloi ) pieces, good condition. S3oo Call after 5, 4*4-4o17______________ 
METAL detector, Mini Fro. Hilo new, SISO. 927-394o ____________ 
Mini biira. (to r t Best. Cos! lie f, uke new. SOS 492-2414 
A A lk^L L A H I6U s plumbing ti7 turps. Call 533-5o47 
M u lin g f l P CT'ie L L ' ReTriuer oter Amana. lOcu ft, White, less than I yr eld Frost fro# Other 
Estrus *275 646 53o3 
Must toil living rooom suit. don. bedroom suit. CB and convertor. s i is Diko, lomp misc 4o4-oo42. ll Ice Early Im n "on Couci oaa 
Choir Couch ogens into bed, good condition, SJI 227 4o24 
6T yT B------------- 
Almost new. S45 923-44oo 
Our Dining room foo'r » cno.rs 
S425 2 coffee tobies matchmb i i i aa. 341 SOI*. 
Ooh ta b le MO. Sears Auloi 
Washer, excellent SOS 434 2442 

 ic e R iivne’s L rta fiv e L ro fti feorinwast Cantor Pion Morket 
Sot. Marco $, Sun Oak Woll Tole phones. Old Trunks. Horse Collar 
Mirrors Unusual Loble Lamps, 
Planters Stands. Wall Brocket 
Lamps Much More 
'" 'I H IK H R B IITRINUT8 1— coil 454 o524 or 453 6329 fKLWo'Eoordi u n 

Furniture, teals, camping eau ta mint, calor TV, Yamens IOO, plus othvj ’fangs. 4o6 Clower________ 
Garage Sale: 5 (amines In San 
Pedro Hills, household goods, furniture, clothing, appliances. 
Etc. 
Sat Sun. 
M arch 
5-4. 
4 3o-S:>o 2)46 Green Creek Dr 
Garage Sale. Saturday. Sunday, 
March 5 and 4. Mony mony ex­ cellent toys and games Bicycles, microscope Boys, girls, womans domino Oak choir, coffee table, stool. Other household items 5o24 
Lo Balonea, oft Nacogdoches in 
El Dorado 
GARAGE S A LE . F ri Sot 241 
Elizabeth, Clothes. Furn. Bicycle. lowntwooper 

Laying hens. SI SO each 
>«»d*r*.J»4Jl 
_______ 
Easter Bunnies, 
Ducklings ond Colored Chicks. 
735-4*51; 734-273o. 

MODEL 2ooo, excellent condition *449$ 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
533 SIPS, 734 Stoves 
___ j 

FORD TRACTOR ModeTToo In excellent condition *2495 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
______ S33-S14S. 739 Stove* 

FORD TRACTORS 
; IN and SN with new and used im- 
: element* 37oo S Ftoros 
. ii 

John Deere Front end I row mid die buslar, 
4 row cultivator. 
J ib 
Limsdy Liquid Nitrogen retrigera tor, TIR U. S2oo *24 PIM. j 
MANURE SPREADER. Like New 
____________ALLm i ____________ I 

MASSEY FERGUSON DISC, 12 ft 
) pt noon op. Esc. cond. S1oSo. t t W t - 
_______________ 
4" Movers Puma I hp IOO' with 2” pipe ond rods. cvender. 5 ha Sub- n.Morin# ,oC No 4 Submergible with I ’k” 

Need 
Extra 
Cash? 
Sell! 
Sell! 
Sell! 

 i a t h e 
Merchandise 
Mart 
Call 

22S-1666 
Express/News 

Q:How 
I tall was 
Miss 
Amen 
1962? 

A: Maria Fletcher was 

5 ’ 5 < V . 
Interested in people? 
Award winners? 
Celebrities? The 1977 
World Almanac is packed with them. 
Get your copy of the new World Almanac today. On sale at our public service counter, bookstores, news­ stands, supermarkets or wherever quality reading is sold. 

T H I 
W O P U 
A C 

Bm 
I n f t r & v M f 
^ 
*.* t* * j 
IP T I 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

Wire. 3 ba Sut>m», #.b;. alae 414-341) 
225-1666 

— p i . . ; * 
YOUK GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

E X P R 
E S S - N 
I W 
S 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALM 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

BRE* 

 lot ic 
Excellent cand Nqw Sat of Puck* 
MOO, BW S ift 423-317o 
Soto and i chair*, ntwly upbol 
*terod Floral print. *125 423-4o14 iota. flo xtfp il, *olld wood con 
*truct,on, hard woven blue green upholdery, arm covert. E xtra fabric s ill. W4-Mo2 
‘,o»a 8’ >11, Sponitll, gold medal lion, v«lvel, make ofter, 655-84oo iota hercules *75, vinyl raveteol 
MS, 457-1174. 
I 1''TOb IH I loll cl 6ok doTkTSTI 
Table Hex Table Commode 51/5 
Dinette 4 chair*. 175 M4 6554 att 4 

« 

ARAGE SALE: Mite Item*, 323 r a ti o n w o o d F r, S u n M q i j . h 4 4 _ 
Garage >oie: I3o1S Bl Senaero 
Mop** twin bod, drgttor, quean tofo bed, etc. 454-249o.__________ 
Garage Solo Sunday IO 4 only. 
2333 W Gramercy. 732-7391. loc. d«tk chair. 
Club O r, 734 oo4|,__ 

BiiSINISS DlP.tCIORf 

Monkey g ro t* mite 13* - 
Moving (rom homo to apartment, electric dryer; triple droller, 2 matching nightttand*. rocimer, twin bed; root to root tteroo tape recorder; doth; bo d tp re ad t. mite 3127 Midoro, 455-1o4o 
YARD SALE: 414 E 
M ILO S 
BRAND Sot tun Only 4 5 
YARD SALE. Wad thru Sol 
Clothing, furniture ond Mite item* 
42o2 King Crott off Comourn and 
Gambier Rd.______________ _ 

93o MfRCkAMOISf HUNTED 

OFFICE CHAIR 
C xecutivt. Secretary, Occaiign al uphoitiered. vinyl and genuine teamer. All beeutituTTOver 2*o chair* ta chao** from Priced from l l 5o and up 1131 Butte Rd . 
71) 75o7. 714 MOI 

■ ■ i n m m 
*3-o1 IS. er TV. J I’ ' Gudtor M ealier giean can**ie 14)5 tora Quirt fftCt m tV Tf'i teFrigereta? m 
Both working good 434-2o46 fo lir VV Zenith B urly Amor 
• ontole U IS Magnavox port- 
.land S ill. Antique vanity *5o. t it *771 
Venial* 

McDonald’s 
4742 Dodge Street 
656-6o55 
M on. Sat., 9 to 5 
MatrarCharge-eonkAmencard 
S ta rlit* T o rro c e exit oft IH 
3s, e ro s* un der IMJS, ta ke tett to 
W h irlw in d , 
Ion on 

Suitor Amp IF U L {peafcer'm wan* Mokp Ofter e*e-*ia* 

o4« ver - A M ‘ f m *r*e d i e f Vd°ult O U 'T ti* * "w/^jee* wned, 5/5 444 659o___________ with com, like new, WM 4z7-»ej 
Oantole Store*; t a r ; clhetl ol Gun* hem i16o U 6 6 V I ’ *•« deower*; tan, coffee Inbi*. aer- 
CdBMrt 658rt7l 

 evvteat conlempor- Wdmmoitd d rg a n iplnefl"#1' I 
•v«»eat. conrampoi 
, , excellent cond *465 49o MOO tiealer U/ol'f Un IT, 1 5 .iii l f ii 

 the* iii I ouiIi on or* Black, brawn, white Herculan 
12*o. Pi) 94N 
'TTtuTT 
■ # « iv H rie#p*ree»#Iranulore - - - - - - - j , twin bed with manre*» 4-drewer Complete *75 454-1773 m irror** chati 2711 Lakebriar, |Tt<.*v duty o pe cunor 
44B-I l i f • 
K 
---------- 

Damaged itx )2 Plywood canoe# 
Terra*. Free Qetivezy 733 5171 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
Oak, Walnut Motel Executive. 
Secretary, iran *49 ll w ifelier! < i'll latte 
TT ^ lhge; 
Pertob# TV 

Secretary, liudent - large talec lien 149 5o and up Alto GouO election o| F IL E CABINETS. 
(Id 
731 /347. 734 3oo1 tonal Block and WhTT? 
TV (recondriionod) 15o 
Ho##'* 15)1 Auttm Hwy 4 

I TTT? boti afear Robert 9*3 3513 
Her cu iu» . uuih, iave»#oi. i ca#ee 
•..jibe and 2 end tablet, oil wood sirs, psf tass. hOSpTtAl I Eb f {ban-Ini#f», 7 mg mortro**, S ilt 734-o4*1 att tam 

 lacnm entt 2 M urray 23" *«ll grepgliod m ow er* 
Kenm ore 
4 burner eo* vtove. I l l <118_____ 
J un! ho.fr Old StavO. ibkritero tar, M a* Wheel*, Mite Olm#* Pfc 
724 Belvidere Fri-Sat 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
Everything Mutt Gen t 
DESKS, CHAIRS 
CREDENZAS, CUBICLES. ETC. 
Call to tat, 736 1**6 
? 

 n« Amber Color Recliner feywly overed 
Excellent 
Cond 
M i. 
65*->13* 
One Lovolory and commode fn goad condition, cheap 27) 8974 
4o3 feotlyn Avenue 
On* KlOallorroneen living room yet. couch, choir coffee table, } rndtgniae, SUS or will toll leper- oft 459 1*4) g m n m 
K U S I, mole K in , 
9xlt and 13x13 Champagne and 
Gold Umguo Non Traditional pattorn Hand mode in T lien ten 
Manner 9 y r* old Outtlandmg 
Cond MUOI ho toon Retailed ovor 
HOO*. New 13ooo 454-4154 g'tcNlotceS# fur 'tole. fo x Irenix 
SIO Dual Trace o55-1)11 ir 'a T T w a V K 

SPEAKERS intolvent iowa Co. in procet* of liquidation, took* interettod San 
Antonio retidpntt who would likt 1 to aet in en a good buy on Storoo- phonic Soeakort. The tpeakert are not told with a guarantee, but moy be letted to In tu it quality, i 
Stock cont!*! of the following typo* SOU GARDE, heavy cabinet 
)-woy tytlem t with I) inch Phil- ira* Onver SB-1* mid range and 
Phoneme ring tweeter with lull era** over. Market value 1179 95 each, your cat! SO* tach loo GARDE l wav with l l in ch1 
17 71 Phillip* driver, and 33 1o 
Phoneme ring tweeter M o rk e t; value *122 $o each, your coit *74 
ISO GARDE Mini Power Column ttcuker* with I inch bom rolled 
D riv e r, ond Pbongilic ring twootor. M a rk e t value *91.75 eoch. your cast ISS each 
Cenciui Public and Dealer t may inquire bv catlin* OM 7o41 
A product Of Even M arketing 
Cor» of Tex#* 
. 

STARVING MUSTS 
Your wark can bt tote an o can ttpnment batt* Retort cern mum tv naed* ail type* af artwork to 
<ti*#iov In art tho# rattauranl 
Caram ict. m acrame, pam lina. ate welcome Caw Bd 933-15)3 
Stereo tel include* ilM-Pta I Orilol! 
A frock tope*. 3 mike* for rocord mg, 4 tpeoker* 
*3*5. o14-37751 eve* 
I iT $ v es On* o#bi I 

ADDITIONS 

REMODELING 
COMPLETE FINANCING 
FREE ESTIMATES 
C & S LUMBER 
4447 ROOSEVELT 
424 OSM, 424-o557 

C A R P E T S A L E S A 
S E R V IC E 

UNITED CARPET SERVICE. 
42o-1o5o or 224-o2oo 

P IR E A E E Q W OOD 

C iriftr*w **d 7 m e » » ly M #*guita 
15-22". '» cord *4-11 Limited you h au l. C oll 

L A N D S C A P IN G 
REM ODELING 

A S P H A L T 

A S P H A LT R E P A IR IN G AND 
PATCHWORK. Wo de dnvow oyt 
•ravel work, fee iot> ’co b it or too tm all Flee e*timate* Coll J A P 
ASPHALT CO 4747244 

Antiqua*, Aapiianco*. Furniture > 
WE PAY MORE 
Enate*. Anything of value... from one piece to houtetul Call: 
342-4711 Anytime______ E*t 1944 
Buying toto modal refrigerator*, I 
I) cerer t mrt-dmy i-p oir 341-1o4*. ! 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy. Sell, Trode. Repair 
1)22 SAN PEDRO 
>3o 2327 
CASH fo r w e th e r* 
Kenm ore, 
Whirlpool needing repair. 
224 o 3)9_______________ 
CASH tor your Uted Piano 
774-71 H or 224-11o2 
DIAMONDS 
William*. 227 o7o2, ISO i Houttpn 
BX 
AMWAY d ltlrib u tp r* • w ill buy your chalk board* Call Don. 
694-44*1 bi 5141741 
From tomaono who deliver* be droom iud, nide e-bed 134-44oo 

‘ I U BUY ANYTHIN6 
THAT DOESN'T B A T IK 
CALL JIM LISTER 

Specializing in a to n al! and con- 
■ -ie O' . • ■ ta <jtl* ony’tmc 

A S P H A L T C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

All Typ*t of Concrete Work 
________ R o to tl , 434- 7o43__ 
BEST PRICES. FAST SERVICE 
937-37*7 
CONCRETE 
WORK 
437-1737 
: 
CALL V CONSTRUCTION Con crete Dab*, foundation*, patio*. porch**, d rivu w ay*, tid ew a lk*. 
“ ‘ i i i ! _____________ 
Cement C om truction. Redwood d e tig n p a tio *, tid e w a lk * , driveway*, oil type* at riot work 
Hove trowel will trovol. 634-oo73 
Concrete, all (von*, foundation*, drive w oyt, patio*, call day or night. Frog «>t 735-13o4. 733 7413 
C oncrett. brick ond reek work, 
Patio*, drivew ay*. In u n d a tio n * 
733-MU gr 43S-4444, CEW Richard 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 

B a b v *ittln g in m y hom e, 
7 )oam-S 3opm. 
3-1 y r old*, 
7)3-93o9. 
I 
Bucvtittie# in my home. Ile., N S 
Matt or no HUY or night, 3*1-5272 
Bauvnriin* in my how**, Blanco 
Sd broo, 714-547o______________ j 
C h ild c a re in m y hem e, ro o *. I rara*, 3-Iv r o d t , 734 3497. 
Daytime childcare in my Kame, 
"I.# tented _»o - d • eot 
83* »>»> 
Excellent thud core in my heme . 
Lokettda orea. 44* 3 5o4________ 
Lie childcare, Authn hwy- Horry 
Wurzbach vie, o3o-3713_________ 
L ie . CHILDCARE in my home. 
Planned o clivitte * C attie H ill*. 
D i e o f i i g n d p r e p n v o478 
I Kenned oobvttriing in my homo, day- wk, or month, 734-o215 
Reg childcare. Valencia El De rode O l e o >11 IDU. 
I 
Reb childcare in my heme. per tonal attn any ape, NE area. 
457 17 l f ______________________ - 
Reb c h ild c a re in my hom e, 
5mo*-5yr* pl oat, 333 74o2 

 ll 4)1 51*2 b ttw te n 
IO-nom or irapm. 

 f I, #v,otid ay tru rkico*. IflH , dei 

 sib HAVE P L E N T Y OF LIVE 
OAK 
TR E ES 
FOE 
SALB l >75-9Q2»or t-343.HH______ 
Individual w itn pionty at rtto r- tn co * No lob t f f b it or tm o ti. 
Atter 4 pm 424 SIO) 

FREE FIREWOOD, need cham- taw and truck 734U4/1 
GOOD WOOD: you haul. MO cord. 
We Oeiivor, 55o. guaranteed tall cord o31 9*41. 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

AA Foundation. H oot* Loveima. 
Foundation Repair, Experience and Betrap)* M i i / i i __________ 

Doors dngglnq? 
Nails cracking? 
All Iva ** foundation re pa ir*. JO yr*, experience All work poor patted Co" unytime. 134-4Uo 
Foundation re pa ir* Guaranteed work JO y r* experience F re « | i v m n * . __________________ 
Foundation tevelina ond repair ; t oed work at o uood price. Free 
H th m a te * 924-492* 

L A W N C A R E 

Lawn* mowed and trimmed. Free 
Etttmete*. 4*o-1o)4 
Plant gro**. fertilize yard*, cut down lr e ,i C OII Pete^j3j_>MU-_. 

P A IN T IN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

 tenor, exterior afford 654-o36* 

King 
P riico* you can 

A G arcia Pointing C ontractor. 
Free B tl Int Ext 73»7 
, 7o44 
GERHAROTS 513-7U9 
R E L IA B L E E S T IM A T E S on 
P ointing P apering. Sheetrock, 
Winnow G lo**. R epair*. Budget 
Term* 1612 S h oi ic# < > 

ROOFING 

 r 7 o i? ? p in r T o r r n T T e r iQ i« T 
Coating* tar all roof*. Guaranteed work mantrap Price* you can af­ ford Free a tt 454-o344. t a u r o b i n s £ 6 ~w * i n s ; 
•ob ripnt th* h rtt bm * New reef*. roof repair* of oil type* Fro# e*t 
455-IMO g L A l'fc 5 Roof in t A l 'erfle6eHno~ 
Frog B it l l * IIJ I 
G R A V IL I H I t f f t H ■eplbce or 
Rot/oir'. t.1oo Leab* It t - IBBS. 
Roofing, toad work of 
•nee Free etrimata* 93A 4934 
U VKI E «or ~»n(» an tawjat* 
RAMIREZ, ban ar Graval Root 
342 7o1o Lie 

•JOE PAY 
FA Y * CASH# 
Far uted fu rn itu re and working optionee* 933-o442, W7 4o4S 
TOF CASH P A ID fo r your eld new looper end Corry* pled AAB’ 
CO Foper Sleek 
BIS Cerolvo 
434-o4*1 

Reg cnndcore in my home, ae* J ond up SSS wk, M I 2552 (K irby) 
REG CHILDCARE 2 4 v rt In my : homo D ay*1 3 davi wk 4#m /am 
Off CoHoanu < on I no rom Rd 
43S-o9U 
Will do Dobvtitrinb in my nome, 

D IR T S A N D G R A V E L 
F IL L -T O P S O IL 

 e ou bb** no* et 

H O U SE L E V E L IN G 
THE IRISHMAN 
I* YEARS EXPERIENCE 
Note Never loke the tin t price! or 
734-7S11 
Reliable mon to do to u n dftion repair* end haul* taveima Sari* taction guaranteed No lea to all frag aff J .frra rrtrg m n i l . 
Concrete, aoriat, w alk*, drive*, 
#<) liito n i ut winter price*. Free 
I K L J i L ' * * * --------- biKoutti en «t i concrete, reek ond metonry wark Oran now. Free 
»♦* hnyfjgt* 324-o41* s m / j l 
O n ve w o y*. p a tio *, w alks, remodeling end metal bide*. Call 
>17 *125 br 927 SM* _______ __ 

 t n t tilt i i i eacK blk** 
SU IU 
Men one 
333-2*3* r y g fe Up I Foymenl* St iT i' on my Sm«*r Golden Touch A Sew 
Model 7SO 114-SO// 

Tauter liv to i Cart 
For Your Pfontt! 
Home or office tuppiie* tarmtned 
Coll tor tree estimate*, day or evening. 144 51* I 
Ten!, m n 
Cor r y me 
Sr). Fictu 

F a ir or tw o 
“ta 1 ^ ^ 
COH 4SS 4944 p i m t r e m r 

Toe ok 
Iv Cotui 
■ o r t , omo.u 

U ifffy— WA~V1 
OVEN 
Alma*! now 124o 4*4 23oo 

P E C A N S 
GROWING 
T H IE S l l 
EACH 
IN POTS 733-1)37 
■ Afegr P t lei* oI5-BQ45 

PLAUT PARTIES 
344 3*31 
34* 5o1* 
Foal Tabu fetden Wet! T O O T . 
4 *7’ *5oo 453-4223 

W ard*. Foie* on-; cot* Excellent cond 
P id u r* colament window 
$3$. $<wI e#f 
YroiU r,' y n c le ttf o haul, 4 i f I 
SUS 734-4o7). 
TTeHorT lf HIH y 6n ."W lT eT rV m 
Wolf But, SOB 534-3444. 
Troplco! nth. Vreedine one#r»", i 
Clown loocbot. m ite . bottom feeder* 4M M il n ^ r y - T loTG and wk'il'e U l t novo* nome e n te rle in m e n t center MS 734 111* 
T7"oorl6bl. ; wefyTt>g eoo4. IU 
-o43o tewrlleri, i 

W A N TED : A frican borne fro- pnrai Alto boor ru t* Boll top doth Men Fri, 734-3o78_________ 
W ANTED 
Color TV needing r apair 
Mutt et roo tenable 
427-/6o4 j 
WANTEO 
Wotting or net work mg i eh iterators 
435 555o; 
4/3 747* 
We buy Furniture. Ae#ri«nc#i 
Eiiotet Anilau#* Glauwore (Ic 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532 6641 
o51-3/14 anytim#, 455-4434 eve* 
JOHN A ROWLAND BARNES 
Ll ion ted and bonUec l u j t 'i . 
WE BUY USKO Dear*. Window*. 
Lumber, iron Hooting, All Kind* 
Brain,ii# Material* JIO) W. Com more# BM-IIH--------------------------- 
WE PAY CASH 
For Geed Uted Furniture 

PEBBLE FINISH-Dnvewavt. po ho tidowalk*. ond what have yea 
No lob too tmall H. R A M IR IZ. 
4 3 4 - 7 7 9 o ________ _ 

AAAG’ odt own and oui den tart, 
I dov dell*. DUGI TR 
CO 337 434o o u g i Tr u c k in g anytime *17 SO end 
FURNITURE 
R E F IN IS H IN G 

S S 

 rran All Tvoe* n rt-tand 
1*o1 l l a i * d e l_ lih tl$ L 
ION DELIVERS FOR LESS 
MONEY, 
S34 2*47 onytim*. ; y H o o . 
I 
AH type* dirt, sand. grovel. Jim 
Langford feortntid#. 341 344#■ ■ 

IRY ME! 
Low pricet-nigli quality concrett work Call anytime. Mr Concrete, 
SE HARLA ESPANOL, 123 1 647 

C A R P E N TR Y 

X . 
Na 
All 
(rom Rooting to Foundation 
Job Too sm all) Fro* Est. 
Work Gym u n fed 437 IOU 
A Camerate Maintenance Service,, 
C arpentry, rooting, oil type! repair*, P r i c e * you can afford I 
Free U t *54-o164_____________ 
Addition* 
■ i, pointing Fro#! rifim olri 655->4o)______ 
^ I 
All type* carponlry work ""AUO rooting, pointing, la iitfa rtio n oyprontead 
No lea tao »m#H 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
->etm 
— 
117 65)11 carponlry work, JO yr* 

171 rich toptoil. mixed loom. tend, olio lawn and garden fer­ tilizer by loud Cow monure, any tim#. 337 4456 
I 
BELGIAN GARDEN TOF SOIL 
Best Quality, olio land lop toil mix 
OPEN 
E V E R Y 
OAY 
415-93lf, 433-14*4 _____________ 
Dirt topsoil sand ©ravet-Looiii. ti ny Hendnx Delivered 14) 24o9 
Good le p io ii a tlitr la m lpm 
4344524 
Even ond weekend* 
4B4»*>il 
_______________ 
H FEST TOPiOIL 
I 
N-raw. BBo-B3o4 
LAWN OIH T HAULED 
*o-4941 ti " er I 
I eodnra lopioil end londy loom bet ow 4)o on Somerset Rd to Hid den Volley. We otto deliver SU, 

Furniture Refinish 
Repair* 
Antique restoration 
Experienced and reasonable 
7)4-9525 

 im .in . 
NOA IL THE TIME Ta put vee# table term I eg tot I on vaor lawn. 
■ 
■ 
■ 
[ ■ 
I III 

HAULING A MOVING 

Hzrizlinf end moving with picxup tru€ftf 4735444 
HAULING ANO DUMPING 
Hg vt J * i tan truck* 5|3 I U t___ 
Mooting, moving end free trim mmo, have l'-i tan truck, *7 3 H*Q ; 
LIGHT HAULING AND MOVINO 
I piece or hou»« tall 
Day ar N ile 
APT MOVING SPECIALITY 
6SE57#5 

MOVING? 
COH 45* 1174. 
THE HST MOVING CO. 

Paper Honamg, Pomrine Work 
Guoronlood R eference* Fur- mined Commercial ond Retidon rial Rec *o nob ie 
Jack William* 

PAINTING 

Arthur Painfma Confroctur Int 
Ext., Acoustic colline*. 43S 1341. 
! Free Estimate* ___________ j 
HANDYMAN PAINT CO (Point- ; 
I mg Contractor I. s n * Broadway. lf)* I Th? 
------------- 
N orthtid e 
P A IN T IN G with 
PRIOE 
Free Est o3^4574 
PAINTING and sheetrock repair. r Vlim o!r 
376 3o n 
___ 
Paintm# I) yr* experience Free 
Btl 14a Mb ta small Cleon work 
W M K v. 
--------------------- 
PBREZ * SONS FAINTING 
Inferior fxforM r. 
Fro* 
Est 

. . . r 
. and F a in tin i." # re a ilfim otgi 214 7*lj 
41J.M7♦ _ 

PLUMBING 

ALL PLUMBING JOBS. 7 Soy*. jaw price*. 4)1 4)16 
A Master Plumber Repair* ane rem odeling 
Colt 
B ichord. 
733-MU o r 6>S MOO 
O I. N p lu m p in g residential ond commercial repair*, tree et timate* Call 41* IS I/ 

SEWING MACHINE 
RE FAIR S-SE BVIC E 

TSuaranU’-d «*o u>r'? eryi<^T n 
M ake* Free in shoo estlmataE 
IS I! West Ave., 24o-9471 

SHEETROCK 

’ n -,-,,, k in e .^ n rlY T p S n fW h 
A c o u tfic a i Ceiiing M o n te rre y 
Tex ton# n t i l t l 
Taping Floatine te x le n e end 
Acoustical Reasonable SI 

TREE SERVICE 

 m um 
Rooline 
> mo'* 

 la u T T 
JESSIE 
T H 
7 7 7 T T T ' 
411M U ar 
H i l r ’ n 
E stim ate* 
111 MTO 
T M M #41 R f W t , trim rn# d ai s cu td o w n Frau E*f 448-M I* 
Trait cv^'u aval. M#lu4 M T 
Cai Detane. SJI 7(34 
T V T f t 
— 
R Y o S T 1 
Cut T rim Haul 
DAVIS 7 3 3 -U fl fO L K S 496M 9* 
Yr##* trim m e d cfcdiB .""^ 
934-6434 tre e * trim m ed 'oupvd tm eve 
M a im 
H eulm j j i a f i l l elf 4 

Reitabir Bonded (2Ao791 
Mm f l ■ L O W gl 'WTTaT 18^6 
O V E # 
H E A D 
S I# SO 
H r i 'te n ted Bonded 6 S I-I*|2 
Piumbme ReouirC Remodeling, 
Addiricn*. Reotonobte, Free Bsf 
434 44*9 
■ w T e S i r r ^ Se w e rt, w oter h e o itri any 
We answer vet leaky faucet*. re p a ir or new in s ta lla tio n 
Texas P lu m b in g Co., in c 41o A tv 

 broadw ay C all anytim e o24 41*3 

FLOWING BULLDOZING 
EXCAVATING 

Bt! i l l 

 uvery ovoit 4oA l»7) 

IJ H ra j p y iu ra ta 

TSi TBH H y TTriType 
Desk Misc Burn 411o N«ca-Per- rtn, *53 )771 
• W l f r B f l BHUT TOLI! 
NO. I 
NO J 
IM I* PERRIN i - Pm 

We Pay Mora Cie!) 

 e xpe rience F ro * Bsf. A ll w o rk 
, . 
- - 

 jM c io ltie in n e b U p tu il, sand bH# tro v e i, 432 OOM, 93J 73U 
I f b b S o il. G ra v e l D e liv e r and 
■ ■ E N 
W i i t e 
NE 
4)o 11o4, 

CARPET SALES ft 
SERVICE 

 ta* rn. L A M A E 

 i me * yI ll lur* 
U*«<i Fw rnTiur* end odlT end* 531-7*U md >ddt ona 

For Thai Goad Piano 
That **U Oro not u»mt Pleote ! 
COH Mr caon et 211 4 til. 
— ------— ; 
-TTT mw# ---- a 1 (I# 
IT S EASY TO FLACK A room, dining roam. 
EXPRESS NEWS loo** rug* 
SU SO 
______ WANT AO 225 144* 
2J5-4M3 

 anim rXcTdM Tm ng 
■ i l l M fx ll 
I I I if#* 

Sum 
^ 

 t o p * s o i l . s a n d . G r a v e l 
!3IUa4*8U*g -------------------------- 

FENCING 

Frat £^c#Tthmaie* Bath woo a o n d C h a in lin k 
F A R M E R I 
FENCE CO *22 SSK. *7 ) 41)7 

M O V IN G . * y e a r* # x p # n # n c # j 
COH God atter 
IU I U HUL 

JANITORIAL SERVICE 

C o n fin u n ta l M a id A J a n ito ria l 
S ervtc# H o m e*, o fftc # *, a p t* . rn 
---------------------- 

T V R E P A IR S • R E N T A L S 

 t t i f r f V r . M j u T n B W 
Hun#i i Law P ric e * 924-o7*o 

YARD WORK 

7 om nM ^TufTlI 7 TT3 7 nT!ainA T* cieonin# houima, treat trim m ed 
92)1315 ________________ 
5#pendebla Yardm en) Flgfiiir 
•od*. Lighi Haul. Oanarai clean wa 234-44*1 l i r a i i TM 'I. .I-.. . u .a ,uunflHT 
Ceti onytim# 3)3 4615 
P ro le ttU n o i f g r d w a ll, frag trimming, ttrtilu in g , tgndtcag mg. ttawor bad*, tp ra ym e at yare*. raoionooi# price*. 
M IM M . 
T W K z r m r r t t — 
ANO t i l l i n g c a l l *34 111/ 
^ 
_ 
Land cleaning onJ ieof oiowtng 
Tree* i. own*. Wedge*, Trjm m R new JO equipment, any tile lob ond Hooted Rvaionabte 511o7*1 
■ 
37M ierb. H idtenolT# 

REMODELING 

WTITTT yardw* 
•nee* ♦** Soli 
_ T 
W . f_ 
Tr i -. 

Trimming huuitng 332-1745 

LANDSCAPING 

Cleon tot*, cu 
53A7214 roran#yeT*yor3* 

A Custom Remuduiino end 
Designer Very S A T CO 
*24 7*oo A t t e r 4. 87* o7»4 

IT S EABY TO PC RtETT* 
EXPRESS NEWS 
WANT AD HS U M 

X F R E S S -N E - lVHB L E B O B M IS g M E R C H A N D I S E j— 
I 

□ a ] SKAGGS \ 
ALBERTSONS) 
- 
DRUGS & FOODS 
' * s 

A M 

I R M 

OU FREE 
— ^ 
CREME nr a .^ ,4 
RINSE FOR 
> 
FRESH, CLEAN 
I 
• 
HAIR. BANT 
V 
^ 
' J 
16-OUNCE 

 m 
> 
- ^ 
* “ 

N E W F R O M B R EC K !! 
CLEAN RINSE) 
o 

SWISS 
STEAK 

(JSDA CHOICE 
BEEF CHUCK 
ARM 

.V* 
?£*%$ 

■'P .Ct, 

CHHIT 13-OZ. HMR SPRAY 
C T V I C "S » o I T Lt r r . 

HOBNAILS BLACK LABEL 
LB. 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • o n t o . 

USO A GRAD! "A** PBI SM 

• • • • • • • • • • • O O LB. 

. /■ kk* 
I 
3 
* 

1?^ 
~ 

IM nr 
Ffi# fife 

 i i I^ OIL FILTER 

SLICED BACON 
FRYER BREASTS 
FRYER THIGHS r.r.-:.~ .J9 { 
FRYER DRUMSTICKS ^ 7 9 * 

C D V C D 
D D C A C T C 
$ 1 9 8 
■ I i I L l i 
D l i k f l O I O •••• 
I 
TURBOT FILLETS — ‘ 98* 
RAT TRAP CHEESE ttc. iH 29| CUT UP ....*55 
SH RIM i^2M 

“A 

4 s I.. ||< 
”i' * 

<! 

HOT TAKE HOME FOODS 

4 mm 

^ V ,,/ W p»/m * 
OIL 
FILTER 

PROTECT 
AND PROLONG 
YOUR 
ENGINE’S 
LIFE WITH 
REGULAR 
OiLFILTER 
CHANGE 

3oW MOTOR OIL 
PENNZOIL 

ONE 
QUART 

BW ■ •MMM I I . 
: ■ ; 
Io s 
ONE WHOLE BAKED 
CHICKEN WITH 
CORNBREAD DRESSING wa 
99 
DINNERS,ANoofT ma.n. 
“ 
■ 
1 WCG* 33* 
HONEY BUNS.MO*:o":,...........................................55*1- 
5o77 
HUSH PUPPIESoo1o KMO 
49*| I 
IMPORTED HAM 
2 
POTATOES s 
. 
......................■ 4 '3 a ., l l Inew york cheddar cheese - - >2"l 
MMHMMMMMMMMMMM^IMMRMRmhhmmmmmimhmbmmhnmmMIKI MMHBMOmRRRI 

N E W F R O M BICH 

PACKAGE 
OF THREE 
SINGLE 
EDGEO 
BONDED 
DISPOS- 

7-OUNCE REGULAR OR MENTHOL p 
( Q 
| 
LECTRIC SHAVE 

COMPLETE PHARMACY DEPT. 
CALL AHEAD FOR FASTER SERVICE. m 
. 
YOUR PRESCRIPTION WILL BE READY 
WHEN YOU ARE!! 9-9 DAILY, 1o-6 SUNDAY 
BANDERA ROAD 
WEST AVENUE 
WALZEM ROAD i f y ' - ' D 
684-8795 

 v< 
Si-: 

349-3129 

Jl 

656-79oo 

I 
•'ii ii i 

Fresh 

V A S ELIN E IN T EN S IV E C A I 
LOTION 

REGULAR 
OR HERBAL 
NON-GREASY 
LOTION THAT 
SOFTENS ON 
CONTACT. 
GIANT 24-o2. 
EACH 

SKAGGS BRAND S-OZ. OILY 
POUSH REMOVER 

 fir 

 mum oi 

POTATOES 
RUSSET 
IDAHO 

BAKING SIZE 
LBS. 
..3i l 
LEAF LETTUCE jzr.zz. .49* 

A V O C A D O S . c.^ !^ r r . 
....................................................8 
* 1 
L E M 
O N S . ^ . 
3 i i 
SALAD D R E S S I N G 
?LJ129 

 y» 
ASSORTED 
ICED 

 in u r n 
CUPCAKES 

IS) 
" » 
PIES LIMOM MIMMGUI, S BUCH 
---------------------------------- i i 
” 
CAKE DONUTS ~ r “ " .i 2- 98' 
FRENCH BREAD." -.r."“ ...3™-l 
8UNSr:.rr.. 
......... 69* 

 r n 

Ii x . 

2o-LB. ECOLOGY 
POTTING SOIL 

 potting soil 

ORGANIC MIXCO soil FOR ALL 
HOUSE PLANTS 

RED SIX-INCH1 
CLAY POT 

INTAINEER BRAND j ^CHARCOAL STARTER 
CHARCOAL I GULF LITE 

STANO AND SIZE 
GREAT FOR ALL 
MED. SIZE PLANTS m 

HICKORY BUNDEDl 
HARDWOOD IRIBKTS 
1o-POUND BAC ■ 

■ 

 rn NO BAD TASTE, n ODOR OR SOOT. 
G«Mf L H * 
T ONI QUART 
CHARCOAL 
STARTER 
A 

¥ I 

DOWNY.’ssass £ ! 1 7S I CPAS' 

.s/irr rn w 
▼ 

J" BAR SOAP 
O I ^ 

. PRICES EFFECTIVE SUN.,MON., 
A TUES., MARCH 6, 7, A 8,1977 
3 GREAT S. A. LOCATIONS 
NI 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
5 7 o 7 S A N D I I t . SD. - M 
4 - M 5 2 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO RD. 

WALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWN 
S S M W A L Z I M R O A O — 6 5 6 -6 2o o 
We re Open 24 
[ours A Day 
7 Days A 
Week. 

•• 

 s 
I - 

LU 
-J 
o 
1 
I uzo h- co 
DO 
X 

Cl a 
O 2 
S I x a o 
OC 
§ & t =• i i 

5 
' 

1«!^W>llllW^<9PaWW4B9R 

'' ^ 
HWA 

M M 

■I 
I 
I 
M M M M B g lf 

 f iP*I 

 tv 

I ' V 

 c ? ^-- 

 a 
^ a w e s 

* 

 l lIi 

% j 5 s s ® rfc' 

 r3<aki 

 fca® 

 a te 

£ 
2 
2 

 bu 
N 
C/5 
Z bu 
LU 
= )O' z 

o1ft. 
LU 
IU 
>J t/5o 
H 

 a : 
LU 
>zo u 

V 

I* 
I f * * w 
I 
K -i 
*< t a i 

SSS 
M M M 

S 
S 
S 
M M M 
JCos 

 w —. u . 
. *£ W 
111 a I a 

- 
S 
3 l 
| s 

• c i l l 
3 
& e 4 
^ 
* + * 
*. 

 a l g 
. ! ! 
^ 
JO -s JC 

*J** 
2 
* * 
«-* C co 

' 5 s Si & 
V w — l i p a S a l 
*S IM w © 

 c 1 ? | g 25^ cr SSU 
^ d d d 
^ 
LU UJ LU 

C /5 a ^ 

M i 

 s: 
?! o : 

 s 
G u t S o d 

Ii 

 a d 
B r - 
M 
I M 
• 

!9® 

3 
§■ 
I TF3ET, §P* 
3 o 

 nIN 
M 

 d a d bu iu Lu 
OC OC CC 

(MST TO (OAST 

PEOPLE MWO 
PEALLTENOW, o u a u n f 
LOUE/TAX.. 

I S S A 

PEOPLE MWO 
PEALLTEEOM', 
OUAL/TK 
LOUE/TAX.. 

JF r 
>v $ 
El * '" 
$ 

If You Want The Utmost In Quality And Value, 
See This Contemporary Bedroom By Armstrong! 

SAVE *152 

M OM TMI ’NOOO* TTO*'LO* or 
A rm strong 
Count Your Savings On Fine 
Quality Bedrooms & Dining Rooms! 
ALL 5 PCS. REG. $549 

The longer you live with this beautiful suite, the more you’ll appreciate its quality: the deep sculptured ar­ tistry of the latticework, its curved Brass tone pulls, superior snag-free drawers designed for ease of opera­ tion, special valet compartments, and built-for-a- lifetime construction! The group includes a 69" door dresser, 2 mirrors, full/queen size headboard, and night stand in Pecan engraved wood products, selected hard­ woods, and simulated wood ... all at one outstanding low price! 
REG. $219-Door C hest 
$187 

OFFER 

Wait No More! You Can Save Right Now On Singer 
Colonial Style Dining Pieces In Rich, Real Wood! 

Here’s the dining excitement you’ve searched fo r ... an incomparable value at Levitz now! Antique-look suite features a Burnished Pine finish on Pine and selected hardwoods. It’s all wood and all beautiful, not a bit of plastic in it! Choose the 5-pc. dining set featuring a 
4o"x7o" trestle table that extends to a banquet 94" with 
2-12" apron leaves, plus I arm and 3 side chairs with authentic arrow back styling. Or have the giant 64" wide china with 6-drawer, 2-door buffet base and lighted hutch top with metal grilles! 

SAVE *1oo to* 13o 
CHARGE IT! 

YOUR CHOICE 

Open A Convenient Levitz 
REVOLV-A-CHARGE 
OR 
GET $75o INSTANT CREDIT 

 lf you have a Master Charge. BankAmeocard. Amer­ ican Express Carte Blanche, or Diners Club Card. are employed, of legal age. have a listed phone and drivers license 
J 

Regular prices may vary by geographical areas, however, your savings are at least as great as those shown here. 

• REG. $599 TABLE & 4 CHA1RSOR 
• REG. $629 64" CHINA CABINET 

Important Savings On An All Wood Bassett Bedroom! 

Here’s contem porary at its best ... with a purity and simplicity of design that will last a lifetim e... beautifully executed in Oak veneers. Oak solids, and selected hard­ woods. Suite includes a 72* door dresser, 2 m irrors, full/* queen size headboard and night stand. 

REG. $239-6-Di£iti£i Chest ........ 
$197 

All Prices Pick Up In The Original Factory Container 
Or We'll Deliver At An Additional Charge' 

SAVE *1o2 

REG. $599*... 5-PCS. 

* Regular Price After Sale Ends 

Enrich Your Bedroom With Genuine Wood Beauty! 

Proof positive Levitz saves you more! Classic Italian styl­ ing comes alive in a golden Fruitw ood tone finish on 
Pecan veneers, solid Oak and Pine woods. Have the 9- drawer door dresser, m irror, night stand, plus full/queen headboard ... beautifully crafted by Dixie Mfg. 

REG. $329-6-Drawer C h e s t...........................................$269 
SAVE *1oo 
REG. $749* .. 4-PCS. 

TRO D U CTO RY O FFE R 

 e Proud Owner Of This Singer Dining Set! 
'397 

All-wood group features exquisite “V” matched fancy faces of Knotty W alnut veneers Sc selected hardwood con­ struction ... includes a 42*x6o*-96* oval table, I arm & 3 side chairs, natural cane backs, rayon velvet seats! 

REG. $399-51* Wide China Cabinet with lighting $297 
REG. $299-Flip-top server jgjth wine ra c k 
$267 

Feast At This Stanley Old World Dining Set! 

SAVE *1o2 woods and engraved wood products... 42 x64*-IOO* oval 

REG. $499* 
5-PC. D IN IN G SET 

W B * 

Size 

♦Regular Price After Sale Ends 

Magnificent set evokes the style and craftsm anship of ages past in Pin Knotty Cherry veneers, selected hard­ woods and engraved wood products... 42*x64*-1oo* oval table, I arm and 3 side chairs with cane backs! 

REG. $499-52* China Cabinet with dram atic burl print overlays, grilled hutch, interior lig h tin g .....................$397 
SAVE *1o2 
REG. $699 ... 5-PC. SET 

Don't Miss This Country Mediterranean Bedroom! 

Look how much you get: a 9-drawer triple dresser, 2 m irrors, full/queen size headboard, and night stand styled with Old World elegance in Fruitw ood engraved wood products, selected hardwoods and simulated wood en­ hanced by deep moldings, latticework, rich hardware! 
REG. $149-38*x5o* C h e st............................. 
.$117 
SAVE *66 
REG. S399 ... 5-PCS. 

Look How Low For A Quality Bassett Bedroom! 
*297 

You’ll admire its classic proportions, fine craftsm anship, and deep decorative moldings. Quality suite includes a 9- drawer triple dresser, m irror, night stand, and full/queen size headboard in Oak engraved wood products, selected hardwoods and simulated wood. 
REG $ 149-4-Drawer C u test...........................................$127 

 raditional Styling By Singer! 

YOUR CH O ICE 

SAVE *52 
REG. $349 ... 4-PCS. 

Put your dining room on its com pany best! Select the 
42*x58*-7o" oval table with I arm and 3 side chairs ... Or have the stately 5o* china cabinet with screened glass doors, interior lighting accent molds to set off rich con­ trast graining... all in lustrous Pecan engraved wood pro­ ducts, selected hardw oods and simulated wood. 

SAVE *7o 
• REG $339-TABLE 
& 4 C H A IR S OR 
• REG $339 CH IN A 
CABINET 

Time-Honored French Provincial By Bassett! 

You can enjoy its perennial appeal at giant savings! 
YOUR C H O IC E 
Choose the 4o*x6o*-72* oval dining table with I arm and 3 
P " " / sidechairs. O r have the lighted china cabinet for show-off 
J 
/ 
/ display. Pieces are authentically styled with cabriole legs, 
/ v J 
A graceful shaping. Cherry engraved finish on wood pro- ducts, select hardwoods and simulated wood. 

SAVE *62 
• REG. $339 TABLE 
& 4 C H AI RS OR 
• REG $339 CHINA 
CABINET 

* 

Boldly Patterned Modems By International! 

SAVE *1oo 
Add room transforming drama! Magnificent y | sofa is new as tomorrow and softly luxurious in a 
/ 1 ^ | geometric print rayon velvet, features big 
^ bolsters and thick reversible cushions! 
REG. $449 9o" SOFA 
REG. $379-Matching 63" Loveseat 
$299 

Comfort-Rich Beauty By Kroehler Royale! 

SAVE s5o 
Curl up in Colonial style comfort... strong and y | durable in Herculon* olefin, Honey Pine trim, 
/ / I v J pullover back styling, luxurious hi-rise reversi- 
T -X ble seat cushions, coil spring base. 
REG. $299 77" SOFA 
REG. $249-Loveseat $219 $ 199-Chair $179 

REG. $229-Cocktail Uble $199 REG. $!89-End table $159 
Matching Sleeper and Ottoman Available at Most Units 

Add Pace-Setting Contemporary At Savings! 
SAVE HOO 
It even looks comfortable! Sofa has piles of puffy pillows to sink into, a long-wearing cover of dynamic patterned olefin, steam-bent wood 
J y 
J / arms for an unique curved effect! 

REG. $499 9o" SOFA 
REG S449**4" Loveseat........................... $349 

Carefree, Affordable “Tempo DF By Futorian! 

SAVES2o 
Casual contemporary pieces have solid Pine 
^ 
^ easy-to-assemble frames, thick padding in 
$ tufted golden vinyl, super-relaxing comfort! 
J y j j 
REG. $159-51" Loveseat.............................$139 
REG $189 75" SOFA 
REG‘ 5" - Chair 589 REG S59-Ottoman $49 

 y r e g . $499 

SOFA ALSO AVAILABLE AS 
A SLEEPER COMPLETE WITH 
A COMFORTABLE QUEEN 
SIZE MATTRESS 
REG. $399 86" SOFA 

REG. $199 Cocktail table $179 REG. $189 Comer table $169 
REG. $79 Cocktail Uble $69 REG. $69 U m p table $59 

Full Size Sofa Sleeper by 
Wilshire in beautiful golden plaid 
Vedra9 olefin (super-durable and soil resisunt!) with contemporary styling, scalloped back and arms, vinyl strap accents, and easy-roll casters. Convert it in seconds to a full size bed for 2 with the most comfortable sleeping in the house! 
SAVE *7o $O Q Q 
REO. S369 
A 
V 
V 

Dazzle Them With The Look 
Of Chrome And Glass At 
Levitz Savings Right Now! 

Versatile Contemporary Wall t A y r s in 
System features open, door and 
_ 
_ drop-lid units, each 3o"xl4'x71" j T f j T j tall, with distinctive Hickory grain- 
M y ing on vinyl protected wood pro- ducts and gleaming hardware pulls! 
* 

OPEN BOOKCASE 

REG. 
$129-Drop-lid 
Desk/Bar 
Bookcase.................................. $199 
REG. $ 169-Cabinet Unit With Tem­ pered Glass D o o rs..................$149 

SAVE *16 
YOUR CHOICE 
REG. $49 

Queen Size Sofa Sleeper in supple Palomino color vinyl with buttoned envelope arms, luxurious button tufted seat and back cush­ ions, and a new sleeper mechanism that adds support for both sitting and sleeping comfort! Put extra sleeping at your fingertips with this stylish sofa-bed! sa v e moo S'! AQ 
REQ $449 

• 5o"xl8" COCKTAIL TABLE 
• 26"x2o" END TABLE 
• 14"xl4"x34" PLANT STAND 

Why pay more for this high fashion look? 
Glossy chrome plated frames are of sturdy tubular steel with crystal-clear tempered glass tops and capped comers. Pieces come partially assembled, complete fast and easy, no tools needed! Give your home this outstanding con­ temporary look at savings now! 

REG. $ 59-Square Cocktail Table, 3o"x3o". $48 
REG. $ 29-Square Bunching Table, 19"xl9"$I8 
REG. $69-Sofa Table, 46"x2o'x29"..............$54 
REG. 569-Game Table.................................... $54 
REG. $4o-Chair, e ac h .................................... $33 

Party At This Dashing 5-Pc. 
Set With Hand Parqueted Top! 

SAVE HOO S^Q Q 

Exquisite game set includes a 45' octagonal all wood table with parquet pine top ... plus 4 chairs in leather-like vinyl with strap accents, cushioning, hooded easy-roll casters. 

SAVE *1oo 
Wilshire Queen Size Sleeper gives attractive seating and roomy, comfortable sleeping for 2! Its dur­ able Herculon* olefin cover com­ bines all the beautiful tones of nature in a fresh contemporary plaid enriched by heavy wood posts and base, extra thick reversible cushions and wrap arms. Solve your space and sleeping problems in one bold stroke today with this out­ standing Levitz value! 

Today’s Most Exciting Look 
...Yours At Giant Savings! 
SAVE *3o to *4o 

Look How Low! Traditional 
Style Tables At Big Savings! 

SAVE *2o 

Delight Your Student With A 
Smart, Well-Organized Desk! 

SAVE *3o sQQ REG. $129 
REG. $119 to $129 
YOUR CHOICE 
REG. $89 
YOUR CHOICE 

Select the 57"x23" cocktail uble, 27"x21" end uble or 27" lamp table with black glass tops, brass Bl chrome tone trim, curved frames of rich 
Pecan engraved wood products! 

Choose the 6o"x24" cocktail Uble, 28"x24" hex­ agon or 28" square commode in deep, rich 
Honey Pecan engraved wood products and simulated wood, Brass tone hardware! 

Contemporary 54" double pedesul desk has 5 roomy, center-guided drawers, handsome 
Hickory graining on vinyl protected wood pro­ ducts accented by Brass tone hardware. 

W ill w+* 

 f t 
> 
5 
* 
I 

- i 
5KV *■ e A 

SAVE *23 to *43 
VOT TR r H O ir F 
• REG 51o9-36" SING 
X V / \ J I V rn D en too IO* DATU 

' ' ^ 
*g%. l h 
% 
' * 
* 
V I 
‘ 
V 
1**17 
’ ' v^* IJi V? 

Additional Pieces 
REG. SI 19-29" 4-DRAWER CHEST . $86 
REG. $1o9-28" DOOR CABINET . . . . $86 
REG. 51o9-DOOR D E C K ....................... $86 
REG. $39-C H A IR......................................$34 
REG. $249-CAPTAIN’S B E D 
$197 
REG. $319-9-PC. CORNER UNIT 
SEATS 6, SLEEPS 2............................... $269 

• REG. $1o9-36" SINGLE DRESSER 
• REG. $99-28" BACHELOR CHEST 
• REG. $99-32" CORNER DESK 
• REG. $99-27" OPEN DECK 
• REG. $119-44" OPEN DECK 
• REG. $96-TWIN SIZE HEADBOARD 
AND NIGHT STAND 
• REG. $119-44" STUDENT DESK 

Shape Up A Room With Open Stock Pieces! 

Enjoy wall to wall country charm and convenience with these handsome, serviceable open stock pieces! Pick just the pieces you need, add more as you want. They feature a deep, rich Burnished Pine grain on engraved wood products, solid Pine fronts, and stain and mar-resistant plastic tops. 
Note the ceramic knobs, shaped bases and lovely Brass tone hardware! 

All Prices Pick Up In The Original Factory Container Or We’ll Deliver Al An Additional Charge! 

Sit Down At This Fresh New Douglas Dinette! 
SAVE *5o 
J289 

Give dinner new dash with this contemporary 
7-pc. dinette ... featuring a 36"x48" table that extends to 72", with a distinctive wood grain plank top of high pressure, laminated plastic... crisp white double pedestal base ... and 6 contoured-back swivel chairs in yellow vinyl! 

Sit Down At This Classy Contemporary Dinette! 
SAVE *5o 
’399 
REG. $339 ... 7-PCS. 

Terrific looking and super comfortable! Set in­ cludes a 42"x42"-6o" walnut parquet patterned plastic table top with dashing chrome tone base. The 4 chairs are covered in supple, leather-look vinyl with distinctive strap accents, button tufting, wrap-over backs! 

Seat 6, Sleep 2, Enjoy Stereo Radio & Phono! 
SAVE *8o 
Versatile group features AM /FM stereo radio and phonograph built into a beautiful Birch patterned 3o" comer table ... also includes 2 mattresses, 2 foundations on casters, 2 over­ size bolsters, and dynamic covers of exception­ ally strong Hcrculon* olefin plaid! 

Add A Cozy Captain’s Bed With Storage Base! 
SAVE *32 
*139 

C hoose Fine Quality Mattresses And 
Box Springs During Our Huge... 

REG. $449 ... 5-PCS. 

REG. $429 ... 9-PCS. 

Save space and money! Combination bed and storage unit features Americana styling with roomy 2-drawer storage base, a durable all wood construction finished in a mellow Pine tone and accented by authentically fashioned hardware pulls. Delight the kids! 
REG. $169 

- 

S t e 
. 

Own This Batik-Look Group With Clock Radio! 
Versatile SeafN Sleep Group With Storage! 

Wake up to m usk and to the exciting beauty of this 9-pc. scat’n sleep group, featuring AM clock radio built into a beautiful Hickory fig­ ured 3o" corner table, plus 2 bedding sets on casters, 2 bolsters and contemporary print covers in a medley of exciting colors! 

SAVE *6o 

REG $259 ... 9-PCS. 

Here's the perfect corner unit for a smaller room where storage is a must! The richly grained Birch tone 3o* corner table has a roomy storage compartment, is flanked by 2 cantered bedding sets with oversized bolsters and flame stitched coverlets of Vedra* olefin! 

SAVE *5o s249 

REG $299 ... 9-PCS 

Pick Luxury Firm“Ortho Posture’:.. I Or Extra Firm “Perfect Rest”! 

SAVE *28ptR 
SET 
Choose this gentle-but-firm mat­ tress with a heavy gauge steel in­ nerspring unit embedded in thick insulation ... or in firm, resilient polyurethane foam. Both styles are covered in a bright quilted print. 

REG $69 TWIN SIZE 
Companion box spring adds firm, 
I ATER ESS OR BOA SPRING flexible support! 

KEG. $89-Eull sire mattress or box spring ..................... 
$7$ 
KEG. 1229-Queen size, 2-ptece set .........* *..................................... $189 
KEG. $298-Kmg sue, 3-piece set ............... ....................................« . . . $249 

Enjoy the best sleep of your life on this extra firm bedding covered in a deep quilted, unique golden brown print. The innerspring mattress has hundreds of body-cradling coils with multi-layered cushioning. Box spring provides restful, long-lasting support! 

KEG. $99-Eull size mattress or box spring 
KEG. $259-Queen sue, 2-piece s e t . . . . . . . 
KEG. $349-Kmg sue, 3-p»ece s e t............... 

SAVE *28 sn 

REG $79 TWIN SIZE 
MAITKESS OR BOX SPRING 

Classic Bentwood Style Douglas Dinette! 

 lf you’ve shopped around, you know what a 
^ 
A v jV $ 3 2 find this is! 5-pc. set includes lovely 36"x36" k table that extends to 48" with a blonde Butcher 
Block design top of wipe-clean plastic, plus 4 
Bentwood style chairs with Yellow frames and 
White vinyl seats. 
REG. $149 ... 5-PCS. 
117 

Add Spanish Flair With A 7-Pc. Douglas Dinette! 

Seat the whole family at this smart, value- priced set! It features a 42"x48" octagonal table that extends to 66" with a beautiful Burl Wood patterned top of easycare plastic and 6 chairs in supple vinyl with distinctive scrollwork and trapunto design backs! 

SAVE *42 
SJ77 

REG. $219 ... 7-PCS. 

SAVE $3o on this 3-position 
$ ' 
S AV E *2o on this big 3-position re- $^7o 
S 
E *2o on this Wall Snuggler diner in durable Herculon® olefin 
^ / ] / rcclincr bV E’z Lounger in durable tweed with diamond tufted back. 
R F(. black Boltaflex® vinyl. Spacc-saver! covering, handy magazine pouch! s]i9 
129 
SAVE *3o on this Kroehler Royale $ 
Futorian recliner with Boltaflex® vinyl 
^ I 
3-position Herculon® olefin recliner. 
-"Jh, 
Stretch out just I* from the wall! 
REG. SI59 
149 
REG. $179 

SAV E *4o on this chair and otto- C man in deep-tufted vinyl with layers of luxurious cushioning! 
189 
REG. $229 

SAVE *3o on this fan-backed J swivel rocker by Carter in woven rayon velvet with dressmaker skirt! 139 
REG. $169 

SAVE *3o on this large barrel J I I 
SAVE *2o on this classic accent swivel chair by Carter in long-wearing 
I I M chair with imported cane back, plush 
J 
Vectra® olefin! 
REG rayon velvet seat, hardwood frame. 
RE 

6o" Entertainment Center in Pecan or 
Dapple Elm tone vinyl over wood pro­ ducts. easy to assemble' 
$.AA 
T T 

YOUR CHOICE 
YOUR CHOICE 
D I R E C T O R S chairs black or 
^ 1 ^ 7 
SAVE *6 on Bean Bags in your 
$ white enamel folding wood frames, sturdy, colorful duck seats A backs! *17 choice of yellow, black or red vinyl... super comfortable! 
12 
REO. Silt 

SAVE*34 to*112 on original oil 
*79* paintings, a wide selection of styles, sizes and rich wood frames! 
_ _ zfcUU 
REG $113 to $372 

C R A FT SM A N 

 fa'4 ADJ 

5o YEARS OF QUALITY 

SUPPLEMENT TO THE 

 and N e w s 
STARTS MONDAY 
SALE PRICES GOOD THRU SATURDAY 
Sunday, March 6, 1977 

Craftsman® 3-Bowie Stock­ man knife, Reg. $12.99 

Craftsman® 26-in., 1o-pt, hand saw, Reg. $13.99 

Craftsman® %-in. x 2o-ft steel tape, Reg. $7.99 

Our most powerful 
Craftsman® router... with power to groove mortise, shape, rout 

Regular 
$74.99 

This is Sears Best router that does almost anything you want. It develops a maximum I HP. Shaft speed of 25,ooo rpm to trim, cut and bevel . . . wood or plastic. With correct bits and templates, this router can make many different kinds of joints. It cuts up to I V5 inches deep and can be adjusted in increments of 64th's. Add contoured handles, self-extracting collet and spindle lock for fast bit changes, and you've got a premium tool at a sensible price! Bits, accessories, extra. 

A s k a b o u t S o a rs C o n v o n io n t C re d it P la n s 

Router priced separately 
25444 

Save *1o 
Craftsman router-crafter 

Regular 
AM f t OO 
$59.99 
4 
9 

Sears exclusive., turns your router into a lathe. 

Save *1o 
Heavy-duty router table 

Regular 
$39 99 
I t 

Die-cast aluminum top with reinfor­ cing ribs. 

Save *2 
Router Case 

Regular "V 9 9 
$9.99 
V 

Save *1o 
17-pc. router bit set 

Regular 
9 
A 
9 
9 
$44.99 

THIS SUPPLEMENT IS OUR WORD 

H is bodied by Sears Advertising Policies Manual which requires every advertised item be "supported in each participating store with sufficient merchandise..." lf we should run out of any reduced 

 price item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sole price. 
This does not apply to special purchase, dearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited. 

SEARS PRICIN G POUCY lf an item is not described as reduced or a special purchase, it is at its regular price. A special purchase, through not reduced, is an exceptional value. In this supplement, some regular prices moy vary by geographical areo. 
J 

Whom America shope 

SIA M . B O U W ft I M eft 

Satin/acturn Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

D ow ntow n Plaza Store 
So le d a d at N avarro 
M ilitary D riv e Store at Pleasanton R d . 
Central P a rk 
Sa n P e d ro at Ixntp 4 1 o 

7*o3o* IA-Io.1C 
-L 

1 o 8 2 

1 1 6 5 
Ask about Sears Convenient 

C redit Plans 

 a a a Q Q Q f f l 

15-pc. socket screwdriver bit set 

Regular $5 .99 

. ^ 
9 

S ave *1.5o! 

1o-pc. drill bit set 

Regular $6 .99 

Save *l.SO! 
Sabre saw blade pack 

Regular $5 .99 

S ave *3! 
Carbide-tipped blade 

Regular $1 o.99 

29” 

$ 3 9 .9 9 V ariab le-sp eed 3/s-in. d rill 

Rugged drill develops V 3-HP maximum. Trigger controlled no-load speeds of o-12oo rpm. Revers­ ible to back out stuck bits. Double reduction spur gearing. 
Permanently lubricated ball thrust, sleeve bearings for durability. 

$ 4 4 .9 9 V ariab le-sp eed sabre saw 

Manual controlled scrolling, just turn knob to guide blade and cut. M otor develops maximum 
14-HP. Trigger controlled no-load speeds of o- 
36oo spm. Vs-in. stroke. Built-in sawdust blower. 

$ 4 4 .9 9 7-inch circular saw 

Powerful saw develops 12/ 3-HP with a no-load speed of 52oo rpm. Ball and sleeve bearings. 
Spur gearing. Two-hand control and external blade clutch. 7-inch combination blade included. 

$4 4 .9 9 D ual-action sander 

Sander develops Vk-HP. No-load speed of 4ooo orbits or strokes per minute. Ball and sleeve bearings. Built-in front assist handle. Vacuum action draws sawdust into pickup bag. 

Full One Year Warranty on 
Craftsman® Portable Electric Tools 

 lf th *** CrofHmonW tools foil to give satisfaction within o n * y#or from tho 

 dot# of purchase, return it to any Sears store throughout the United 

Stotes and it will be replaced free of charge, lf the tool it used for com­ mercial or rental purposes, this warranty applies for only 9o days from the 

 date of purchase. 

Great for Home or Shop . . . 
Save $54 

Craftsman’ 3-drawer cabinet and 
1o-drawer chest combination 

CRAFTSMAN 
TOOLS 

6 5 1 o / 

■ M H M M 

77o*o9 MHK 

Regular separate prices total $224.98169” 

Rugged Craftsman® 1o-dr. chest, 3-dr. cabinet combination. 
All chests and cabinets are reinforced with heavy-gauge steel. Full width draw er pulls for easier opening...lets you use both hands to pull draw er straight out when drawers are loaded full of heavy tools. 

Separate pieces also sale priced 

Reg. $119.99 1o-drawer chest.............................. 99.99 
Reg. $1o4.99 3-drawer chest................ 
84.99 

Save $1o to $15! 

Craftsman portable electric tools are double insulated* for added safety 

*needs no grounding 

Your Choice 

--------- 

Ask a b o u f Sears C onvenient C re dit Plans 

I 
| 
| 
| 
Save $15! 
Pre-hung alum inum crossbuck* style storm-screen door 

Was $59.99 in '76 Home Improvement Catalog 

Alum inum fra m e is I 'A-in. thick. 
Fiber glass screen a n d safety 

 glass insert. 

Some sizes and colors by special order only 
Let Sears arrange for low cost installation or install your door yourself in just five steps: 
44s8 

6 SOO 

O u r low est priced garage door opener 

Sears regular low price 99” 

MARCH HARDWARE 
Sears Digital Control rage Door Opener 
Sears 

M O S T ITEMS AT REDUCED PRICES 

1 oo% solid state. Set your o w n o perating code and you can 
CHANGE IT a n ytim e for even greater security. 

Save *2o! 

Automatic safety reverse if door is obstructed 

PO W ER UNIT: Q u iet o p e ra tin g '/V H P motor. Built-in light d e la y system. 

TRANSMITTER, 
RECEIVER: 
D ig ital, all solid-state. W a ll m ount receiver. Includes one transm itter. 

77o3o* J A-JO-JC 

A ik about Soars 
Authorized installation 
The cost is reasonable. 
I. M w w w ap o n tn f: 

 cwt Z-bar I* ut* 
2. Serow pro-drilim* 
S. Install latch tat 
4. Install a k clamor S. Adjwtt th# 

 from* ta Soar h am a and unbar plat* and w ind cham ba ti am oup andor 

Solid-state with pre-set 
UHE 

 frequency. Includes one trans­ mitter. 

C raftsm an * 6 1/s-in. jointer-planer 

Regular 
A A | | 9 5 
$279.95 
Jb Jk W * 

12,9oo cuts per min. from 3 precision ground steel knives. 
Bevels up to 45°. For wood up to 6-in. wide. Partially as­ sembled. 
M otor is additional 

Craftsman* Sears Best 
15'/j-in. drill press 
Regular 
A 
$289.95 
A 
V 
Y 

8 speeds-38o rpm to 85oo rpm. Cast-iron head, table and base. 
Partially as­ sembled. 
2o137 

Motor is additional 
Motor is additional 

Save $8o 
Craftsman® 
1o-in. table saw combination 

Craftsman® deluxe 1o-inch radial arm saw 

A n O u tsta n d in g V a lu e 
A n O u tsta n d in g V a lu e 

Regular 
$359.95 
Regular 
$359.95 

Includes metal stand, two formed steel extensions and motor 

Here's a rugged saw loaded with features. Cuts through wood up to 33/fc-inches thick at 9o°, 2!4-in. at a 

45° tilt. Blade, belt and motor tilt together. Has bevel 

 scale with positive stops at 45° and 9o°. Exclusive 
Exact-I-Cut in front of blade shows you where blade will enter wood. Rip fence lets you make accurate cuts up to 
24-in. wide for cutting 4x8-ft. sheets. Com bination includes I-H P capacitor start motor. 

R ugged motor develops a max. 2Vi-HP to rip through 

 wood up to 3-in. thick at 9o°, 2 V4»-in. at 45°. Depth of cut, bevel and miter controls mounted up front. Blade and motor swivel for up to 25V5-in. out-ripping. Blade-guard with spreader helps check blade binding. Anti kickback pawls help prevent kick-back of wood. Cast iron arm, column and column support. W ork table is resin bonded 

 under pressure. 27x4ox1-in. thick. Partially assembled. 

S a v e *5 

Radial taw lag sat 

R«g $29 99 
24** 

32327 
S a v e * 4 

1o-inch 

 blade pack 

Regular $16.99 ll** 

Ask about 
Sears 
Convenient 
Credit Plans 

•x tomtom included 
S O * * 
321S5 

Sale! Save $15 
C raftsm an' V3-HP bench g r i n d e r ^ ^ ^ g 
S f 

 w ith e y e sh ie ld s 
W 
R e g u la r $ 8 4 .9 9 b S J Il 
****£ 

GfqGOsouckiido* 

S<3O’®'S7(»1[?oS7®[? SCHO® 

Regular SI.59 ta $2.39 
C raftsm an ' 
1 6 -gallon w et-d ry v ac 

Regular $1o9.99 

^©otoeCD©)*) 

O@ ©o s q D® 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
YOUR 
CHOICE 

Stock up now. Screwdrivers in a 

 choice of 5 standard sizes and 3 

P h illip s styles. 
D e p e n d a b le 
Craftsm an® quality. 

$5.49 6-in. adjustable wrench 
$4.49 1o-in. locking pliers 
$4.99 to $6.19 on selected 
Craftsman pliers 
$5.99 riveter kit 

$4.79 wrecking bar 
$4.99 saw horse brackets 
$5.49 '6-in. glue clamp 
$4.77 C-clamp set, I, 2, 
3-in. sizes 

Features 358o rpm motor, 2 aluminum-oxide grinding wheels, one fine and one coarse grit, quench tray, work light. Shatter resistant eye shields. 

Our most powerful vac holds 
1.8 bushels of dry debris or 
13 gal. of liquid. 2V5-in. hose, utility nozzle and caster as­ sembly. 

T7oJo* W JSJC 

Sears ba 

MARCH|H ARO W ARE 
SALE 
I 
M O ST ITEM S AT REDUCED PRICES I 

Save $4 

16-ft. alum inum extension ladder 

Regular $26.99 
22 99 

16-ft. aluminum ladder holds up to 2oo lbs. I Vs in. wide flat rungs. 
M a x i m u m w o r k i n g length is 13-ft. 

2o-ft. Extension ladder 

4 Regular $3 7.99...33" 

Save *3 
5-foot 
Alum inum step ladder 
IS*’ 

Regular 
$18.99 

Holds 225 lbs. Skid- resistant rubber feet. 
Pail shelf for paint. 

$21.99 Step ladder, 6 -ft...l8 " 

V 

/ 

 i < n 
A off 
Electrical needs 

62< junction-outlot box................. 4 3 4 

•5< junction-ouHot box..................5 9 4 

•5< twitch rocoptodo box ............. 5 9 4 

79< twitch rocoptodo box.............. 5 5 4 

69< handy twitch or rocoptodo box . 4 6 4 

59< plottk lap# 4 4 -ft.................... 4 1 4 

79< brown or ivory rocoptodo......... 5 5 4 

Powor tproyt pointe or intocticidot 
Handy in tho chop 
Oporatot air foolt 

Sale! Save $9o 
Craftsman" I-H P paint- sprayer/com pressor far heme or shop use 

A n o u tsta n d in g sa le price for this v e rsa tile tool 

R egular $ 3 3 9 .9 9 
349" 

Feature: Regulated air and tank pressure gauges. Pressure regula­ tor. Air hose outlet, hose and paint sprayer. Safety valve on 12-gal. tank meets A SM E code. M anual head pressure release switch. 
Delivers 6.9 SC F M at 4o PSI with 
IOO PSI maximum. 

Save $13o 

Craftsm an® 2-HP paint sprayer 

Regular $399.99 
*269 

Powerful enough to operate 
2 spray guns at once. De­ livers 8.8 SCFM at 4o PSI, 
125 PSI maximum. Has 2o- gallon ASME code air tank. 

Spray point exterior surface* 

Use Sears 
Convenient 
Credit Plans 

G reat for fam ily room, ga rage or w orkshop 

This fluorescent light uses less energy than incandescent bulbs in workshop, ga rag e or family room. 
4o-in. plug in cord or can be wired to outlet box. Mount against ceiling or suspend from 24-inch chain. 

Regular $14.88 

 includes two 4o watt bulbs 

2 o o/o oft 
Electrical cable 
23, SO, IOO, 23o-ft. rolls 

14/2 wire with ground 

Hog. $2 88 25-ft. ro ll 
......... 2.3o flog. SS.59 5o-ft ro ll.....................4 .4 7 
Reg $9 59 I OO H roll....................7.67 
Hog. $19 99 25o-ft. roll.............. I 5.99 

12/2 wire w ith ground 

Rog $3 88 25-ft ro ll.................... 3.1o 
Reg $7.49 5o-ft ro ll................... 5.99 
Rog $13.49 1oo-ft roll.............. 1o.79 
Reg $29 99 25o-ft roll...............23.99 

■ M O H M a O M l 

77o3oo 6A O*-OC 
SAN ANTONIO 6 

 rn Sears'm 

MARCH HARDWARE 
SALE 

MOST ITEMS AT REDUCED PRICES 

 exterior fte* 

2ooo5 
Save $2! 
Sears latex flat house paint 

Regular 
$5.99 

Easy latex a p p lica tio n and 

 clean up. Dries quickly. 

. 
& r n % 
W H 

8ooo5 
Save $1! 
Interior latex flat w all paint 
2 97 
I gallo n 

Regular 
$3.99 

Dries quickly to a smooth fla t 

 finish. Easy cleanup. 

POR GREAT AMERICAN] 
HOMES LIRE YOURS 
Save *3 to *4 a gallon on 
3 off "Sears Best" Paints 

W E A T H ia S E A m 

House and trim satin finish acrylic latex exterior paint 

N 
33oo5 

Save $4 

Regular 
$13.99 999 gallon 

78oo5 

Use on any exterior surface, including trim . C li­ 

 m ate fo rm u la te d. G allon covers up to 45o sq. ft. 
M ild ew resistant on the d ried p a in t film itself. 

5-w ay w arran ty. 
Easy Living Paint or Latex Semi-Gloss 

 both feature 6 -w a y warranties 

Save $3 
Your Choice 
Regular $11.99 

Easy Living Paint. Sears Best fla t latex interior p a in t because it cleans like enam el yet is fashion­ 

 a b ly fla t. 

Latex Sem i-Gloss. A soft sheen enam el th a t 

 needs only soap and w ater to rem ove smudges, 

 stains and grease. 

24 colors as shown on color card 

 lim ite d w a rra n ty 

Sears paints, when ap p lie d according to directions, will 

 cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured sur­ 

 faces) where indicated by checkmark in the chart an d hove 

•he qualities indicated tor the years shown in the chart, or 

 contact Sears an d you get necessary addition al paint or your 

 money bock. 

This w arranty does not include the labor or cost of labor for 

 the application of any paint 

EXTERIOR PA IN TS 

 v 

------------------- 

33oo5 

22oo5 

P a in t rta 

91oo5 

78oo5 

8ooo5 

5 yrs 

I 

S la in ia « .tia n i 

S yrs. 

 f 
N a ch a lk 
, «• ain <*••».> 

L 
^ yrs. 

Non y pl lo M in g 

5 yrs 

INTERIO R M IN T S 
JO 9 I OO* 

W a th u b l* 
C c jIu j I u U 
S la m 
• •m a aal 
S p a ! 
•• M ila m 

8 yrs 
8 yrs 

6 yrs. 6 yrs. 

D w io b ilitf 

Aik abo ut Sears Convenient C redit Plans 

91oo5 

77o3o9 7A 
7%-7C 

■ALE 

M O ST ITEMS AT REDUCED PRICES I 

Use Sears 
Convenient 
Credit Plans 

 m n 

- 
WSB 
' 

: 'm \ 

EW*'*, mw r n 

Crystal Chandelier Sale 

"N 

B. 

 v]l 

All chandeliers partially assembled in the carton 

A. 

 r n 

M 
. 
<r 
^ 
% I 

 c. 

VIS 

I ' A n k/T 

Save $2o to $3o! 
Elegant six-light bronze chandelier with European crystal glass prisms 

FRAME: Antique brass-finished center column, arms, crown-like center, and other metal parts. A truly elegant chandelier. 
CRYSTALS: Highlighted by 84 prisms and 12 brilliant glass jewels that sparkle and shimmer radiantly. 
BULBS: Uses 6 (up to 4o watts each) candelabra base bulbs, not in­ cluded. Bulbs priced separately at left. 
SIZE: Measures 15x21-inches high, extends down to 4o-inches below ceiling on brass finished chain. 

Regular $89.99 
5 9 " 

All bulbs priced separately 

$69.99 Ten-light, 2-tier chandelier 

Antique bronze frame. 8o cry- 
S a l e stat glass prisms. Size 23x18- in high. Chain adjusts down to 
» v 
39-in. below ceiling. Bulbs extra. 
"• 

$69.99 Four-light sw ag chandelier 

Antique bronze frame. 44 crys- 
Sale tai prisms. Size 14xl6-in. high. 
^ 
12-ft. chain and 15-ft. cord. 4 fjj^ L o 
* 
9 split crystal drapes. Bulbs extra. 

77o*o9 M M - K 
J 

Sunshine Club 
Gene Turpin runs a little place he calls the Sunshine Club. The at­ mosphere is contemporary living room and the entertainment is most usually a surprise. Sunshine 
Club is featured in Ben King Jr.’s 

........... 
EXPRESS NEWS 
SUNDAY 

PAGE I 
March 6,1977 i i i aff axin#1 

Texas Concerts 

There is a new effort to bring music to downtown River City on a regular basis. The new s is 
 on an odds-and-ends shop and kite flying. 

Ballet Society of San Antonio presents 
Hartford Ballet 

HARTFORD Company performs “ Grand Pas de Dix.” 

 also on the program 

Michael Ut huffs supremely demanding duet. YES MIRABILE!*, catches the exotic beauty and stunning narcissism of birds in flight in this breathtaking departure from the classic pas de deux. 
The Hartford Ballet pays tribute to the great Russian Imperial Ballet in 
GR AND PAS DE DIX from “ R aym onds", recreated by former American Ballet resident choreographer Dennis Naliat. "Raymonda" was originally produced i i i 
I HHS in St. Petersburg with choreography by M anus Petipa and music bv 
Alexander Glazounov. 
LEGG1EROS, music by Beethoven, has been choreographed for the entire 
Hartford Ballet by the impish Lotte Goslar. proclaimed by many as the world's greatest dance clown. Employ ing mime, ballet, and modern dance, it charts the tads and Iodides of the Ihth centure in Bl delightful vignettes. 

Tom Dula mixes . bluegrass, ballet 

The unlikely marriage of bluegrass and ballet has resulted in a stunning dance adaptation of one of America's most enduring folk legends. 
Working closely with Hartford bluegrass musi­ cians Bill Ualach and Will Welling, choreographer 
Michael Ut huff took the true story of Tom Dula. popularized in the 195o’s by the Kingston Trio s 
"Tom Dooley," and fashioned a powerful dance* dram a for four principal characters and eight townspeople. 

"Tom Dula" is the tragic tale of a Southern soldier who, making his way home after the Civil 
War. settles in Wilkes County. North Carolina, where he courts the wild and beautiful Laura Fos­ ter and. subsequently the aristocratic Ann Melton 
When Laura is found murdered. Tom is appre­ hended by Sheriff Grayson. Tom s rival for Ann's affections, and is hanged. 
Although Tom refused to implicate Ann. suspi­ cion never died among the townsfolk that Tom’s fiancee. Ann. might have been the murderer. 
The ballet uses music composed by Welling and 
Ualach inspired by authentic Appalachian folk tunes. 
It is recorded bv the Connecticut All-Stars String 
Band, directed by Ualach. and features ham ­ mered dulcimer, fiddle, mandolin, piano, electric guitar, Scottish bagpipes and banjo. 
The music alternates from the lively presenta­ tion of traditional country dance music to sudden howling interludes to represnet Tom’s nightmare as he is condemned to death for a murder he may have conspired but may not have committed 
Uthoff. re lu c ta n t to act as " ju d g e and executioner", does not show the murder on stage. 
The dancers are dressed i i i post-Civil War cos­ tumes designed by Charles Tomlinson. 
The set. also designed by Tomlinson, is stark and simple: some lanterns, shuttered screens, a ver­ anda. and a backdrop depicting a hanging tree 
The mounting of "Tom Dula." the company’s first original story ballet and the first for which the music was especially created, was made possible through the collective financial support of the 
White Mountains Center for the Arts at Jefferson, 
New H am pshire, where the ballet received its premiere, the Connecticut Commission on the 
Arts, aud numerous other Hartford area busin­ esses and foundations. 

CLOVER MATHIS dances “ Aves M ira cle s.” 

Hartford's 
Michael Uthoff directing 

Hartford Ballet, one of the nation's foremost ballet companies, comes to San Antonio for a public performance Sunday. March Bl. at 2:3o p.m. at the Theatre for the Performing Arts, 
HemisFair Plaza. 
The engagement of the 18-daneer Connecticut company is under the sponsorship of the Ballet 
Society of San Antonio 

A new and forceful presence in A m erican dance, the Hartford Ballet is undei the artistic direction of former Jeffrey Ballet principal Mi­ chael Uthoff. 
"O ur purpose is to expose audiences to the major currents in dance." Uthoff explains. "Our repertory reflects the wide spectrum of exciting dance America has to offer." 
In addition to his duties as artistic director. 
Uthoff is the company's resident choreographer. 
More than a dozen of his ballets, choreographed in the neo-classic, romantic and contemporary styles, have been cre ate d for the H artford dancers, and have become the foundation and trade-mark of the Hartford Ballet repertory. 
The Ballet's engagement in San Antonio is part of a national tour that will this year take the professional troupe to more than 45 cities in IT states and Canada. 

MICHAEL UTHOFF 

Ticket Information 

Tit hel» for tho 
1 / i i n ti I .I nerforiniiin e ore 

> to ll lo s ti. ~,u, lim ira u s / w r i til ion n ill he i i i inhibit from the 
Homo H eights \a l io n u l H ook urn! ttf*o front 

 l l tooler /tool Cork otol Hole, 

 f o r in f orm a I ion to m erninfi lit keis otol ho* revert nlnnt*. n ill the UniteI dottels It tt\ t If f 'n e til 
TiJ-HlUt. or m u lto I thorn til 11 Ut I e a te n not 
I h i ie, Son in It rn in, TltmJH. 

Rick Dees: 
Disco’s money bucket 
Nothin’ form al 

One should not inst summarily write off dis­ co music as the sound produced when a lot of writhing, moaning ladies knock over some gar­ bage cans lull o! trombones. 
In the interest of fair play and American Way, the least one can do is to give an impartial hear­ ing to the very best that disco music has to offer. 
I am speaking, of course, of the legendary 
Hick Dees and His Cast of Idiots. 
Out of respect for 
Dees’ premier position in his field, it was almost with reverence that I approached his album, 
“ The O riginal 
Disco 
Duck” (WSO). 
“ Disco Duck.” you will recall, was the ro­ mantic ballad i i i which the Disco Duck was revealed as a leering, quacking old coot with an inordinate interest in tail feathers. 
The phenomenal suc­ cess of the record made it necessary for young parakeets everywhere to he warned about taking birdseed from strangers. 

FANS OF the duck should love the likes of 
“ D is-G orilla” and 
“Flick the Bick.** 
“Dis-Gorilla" hints at the real reason why King 
Kong liked to hang ar­ ound midtown 
Now 
York. 
And “Flick the Bick” is. of course, a commer­ cial for some kind of lighter that seems to be particularly useful for setting foxy persons on lire. lf that seems to I Minier on bad taste, don't think that Divs stops there. 
“The I'eanut Prance” is the first song ever to immortalize the aging mother of an American 
President with the words: “Whip it on me, 
Mix Lillian.” 

WHICH IS to say that this whole thing is |M*r- fectly outrageous. Dees is not a musician at all, but a Mem phis disc jockey who does standup comedy on the side. 
The fact that his first satire on disco became a smash disco Int says a lot alxiut disco. 
That is the same thing that keeps the album from iMung a hilarious putdown. It is t«M» close to the real thing. And the leal tiling is loo close to nothing al all. 
To produce a disco hit, all you need is a repeti­ tive danceable boat, or­ chestration suffering from an attack of horns, and some women in the background to coo leer­ ing bries of one syllable or less. 

 fly Jo el McNally 

The ladies’ workload in "Flick the Bick” con­ sisted of repeating that phrase more than Btl times. 

DEES ALLUDES lo the history of this disco dementia with tributes of sorts to two of the prin­ cipal influences that brought us to this point. 
“Barely White” is a jab at early disco king 
Barry White’s symphon­ ic soul. 
It is complete with strings, choirs and the romantic rum bling of such lines as “I ’m a love machine and I need you to give me a tune-up.” 
“Bad Shark” is a par­ ody of Isaac M ayes’ 
“Shaft” of the early ‘7os. 
“ Shaft” was probably the original disco song with its one word chorus and its then unique combination of seething strings and pounding percussion. 
Someone once said that whoever invented the strobe* light should be smashed over the head with it 12o times in a minute. Disco is the strobe set to music. 

ACE 
(the band, not the bandage) had a No. I hit in 1975 called “How 
Long.” 
Not long, it seemed. Last year, they didn’t release* a record 
They are back with a very nice, low-key album called 
“ No S trin g s” 
(Anchor). 
Soft rock was always what they were* about, but now they seem to Im* paying more attention to intricate instrumentals and less to the* vocal harmonies. 
It’s a good move. 

There are more bands doing soft rock har­ monies now than you can shake Art Garfunkol at. 
But few are as good as 
Ace at weaving delicate keyboard work and acoustic guitar into rock. 
The mood is m ain­ tained for the entire al­ bum, but particularly good are “Why Did You 
Leave Me” ,” “( "est La 
V ie ” (no relation to 
Chuck 
B e rry ’s), 
“ (•learning 
In 
The 
(doom” and “You’re All 
That I Need.” 
It’s not a barn burner album that commands attention. It’s a well crafted, interesting one that deserves it. 

ALTHOUGH 
Way Ion 
Jennings is head honcho of a whole pack of pro­ gre ssive country rook 
|M*rlormers, none really approaches his distinc­ tive style. Now he is starting to attract imita­ tors. 
VVendel Adkins is one who has the official sponsorship of W illie 
Nelson. Willie claim s that he walked into a Las 
Vegas lounge and thought they were play­ ing a recording of OF 
Way Ion until he noticed that the sound was com­ ing out of OL Wendt*!. 
On his first album, 
“ Sundow ners” (H its- v ill#*), there are similarities. 
Adkins has Waylon’s deep powerful voice, but he hasn t got complete mastery of it yet. On “I 
Will” and “Show Me The 
Way,” Adkins can’t stay on top of the |M>unding rock beat without re­ sorting to harsh shrieks. 
The album also contains an embarrass­ ing public display of bootlicking called 
“WMW Didn t Win.” 
It seems that one of the most tragic events in 
Adkins’ life was when 
Willie failed th win an award on one of those horrid old television award shows. 
Actually Adkins comes off much better on "Laid 
Back Country Picker” and “Texas Moon,” two songs on which he isn’t playing anybody but a fairly giHsl new singer. 

Gene T urpin doesn’t want you to come near his Sunflower (Tub if you’re intent on getting drunk and acting up. The place is weird enough as it is. 
Anyway a drunk would upset the delicate balance between reality and fantasy which prevails at the matchbox-size club, 1915 
Blanco Road. 
By normal standards, the club shouldn't even exist. There’s no cover charge and the enter­ tainers don't get a penny for their performances. 
On top of that, the management doesn't ad­ vertise because it’s seared the wrong people might come and disrupt the very, very mellow at­ mosphere. 
Because of this atmos­ phere, the club attracts some of the best and worst entertainers in the city. And while the qua­ lity of its entertainment may be erratic, one thing is consistent — no one knows who will bi* play­ ing next at the Sunflower. 
Hit the club on the wrong night and you may find yourself surrounded by a dim ly lit sea of empty tables. 
On another night, cus­ tomers may happen on a jam session featuring some of San Antonio s leading jazz musicians. 
Or maybe a top country band will be working out a new act. 
Of course there’s al­ ways the possibility some singer who thinks he’s another Neil Diam ond may be playing; the only trouble is he sounds more like Disco Duck. 
And as far as atmos­ phere, other clubs may advertise about how “at home” they make their customers feel, but at the 
Sunflower patrons often plop their money on the bar and fetch their owl beer. 
So how does this laid back approach to operat­ ing a club work out profit wise? 
“ Lousy,” as Turpin puts it. He’s been run­ 

 ning the club for the last 
IO months with his wife 
Beverly. 
“It’s been touch and go since we opened," Gene admits with refreshing candor. Most other club owners would have lied and said it was just a slow night. 
However, always being a few dollars away from disaster has turned out to be the clu b ’s saving strength. 
Entertainers show up at the club not to make money, but instead to amuse themselves and who ever wants to take a chance and come by to listen. 
"They know we’re not going to pay anything so they just play what they want to hear and have a good time. The only people they have to please are them selves since no one is paying,” 

Turpin explains. 
For other entertainers, 
'the Sunflower offers an opportunity to work out the kinks in their acts before m oving on lo a paying job. 
And Turpin adm its more than One act has passed through his club and proved conclusively that wanting to bt* an en­ tertainer doesn’t make someone entertaining. “ 
“ W e’ve had some comedians in here, but they were the only ones laughing,” explains the 
Minnesota native. 
Nevertheless the club's entertainment policy has been generally accepted. 
"Except for a couple of real twisters, we haven t had any complaints,” he says. 
Actually the entertain­ ment policy is indicative of its general atm os­ phere. its decor can be 

 described as basic living room, since The manage­ ment has had to spare several expenses. 
“The only way we’ve 
IMx*n able to stay open is to pay cash on everyth­ ing,” Turpin says while surveying the club’s 
BU-pat roil capacity. 
As a result of the re­ laxed mood created by the surroundings, both perform ers and customers can’t help but feel at ease and some very enjoyable music is often the product. 
“T his is a special place where people come to listen. T h at’s why we don t want drunks and that’s why we don’t advertise — people who like to drink too much and make a mess would start coming around. 
“We’ve got something special here and we want to keep it that way.” 

W ILLIE h ot a n e w friend. 
----------On the Record*---------- 
I O M P H J * BV B U I B O B B P M A O BIIM I 

Top IO Singles 
Top IO Albums 

I I .**<f,*en Be‘t»a V>. 
3 Nt. kid * Iowa 
J ti/ I A , on tow * 
St*.* Md*/* Bond 
« I I At 
Not*. 
5 Itm d e d O f H e l-y M 
M o n ti*} H o n I to * th B o n d 
6 SgM M u,ti -Bu b M yn 

1 lu U o Sn*,Iona and tm tUi»iot4*.*on -A SKM <t tom 
(SeunBMcfc) 
2 l o a K f 
- 
H o t*t C o * t o *n *i 
J ftnfc h o ,a -Anana* 
4 S t * ,* Wend** 
« t*» * * f 
I 1** i Al S t r x v t - t e a * ut t i * C a t t St*.* MM*. Bund - Of l*» Bn te^t* 
I Soften So, 
S . fl***» e o d M ot - Sumou>» 
V Sod Sop*, and Ik* Sd.*. Bu*** Sold - NujM Mo.*, 
IO Winy, - V4«nv» O .ti Am. "ca 

J Dont my Queen 
AMW 
8fV*u< e* th* Cot —At St*-ult 
9 t o * S e t —eon t - e lo -* ., 
M o., Mo«g**yo* 
1o Weekend In Ne* England — Barff Manito— 

HGI 7 (XFRCSS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Morel. A, 1977 

 game plan a- simple a- po--ihlc, Falcon-, -Intuit! always Im* ready Brr -nim-thing «I i lit-1«-it I iii the wav ol entertainment. Turpin -ay- lit* i-, aiel lied* allen pleasant!. surprised. 

.S( '.\ Sill'.NL ( l l It owner Gen** Turpin* center* join- iii a little inn-ie with I rank < umpanuro, left, ami T.liuek Fan-ler ut lite club*- 191.) 
Blanco Hoad locution. T urpin, through neee— i- t\ ami partly hy de-lgn, ha- kept the -mull chih'- 

Classical record review 

Ivan Moravec artist, technician 

B> DAVID ANTHONY RIC H ELIEU 

Ivan Moravec is not exactly a household word — even in musical circles. 
He ought to be. 
Moravec is a (/c e lt pianist of excep­ tional artistry and dazzling interpretive skills. 

He is a m aster technician as vu ll. lf that sounds cont rad !dor\. perhaps you can grasp some of the marx clons qualities of this young artist who seems to have < verything. 
Connoiseur Society has just released three Mor­ avec discs winch are worthy of any collection. 
Moravec has established himself in classic piano music — Beethoven. Brahms. ( hipin and some 
Debussy thrown in. There is none of that showy bombastic stuff from people like Liszt among these gems. 
Two of these new alliums are repackaged re­ leases of earlier Mora'ti recordings made during a visit in the earls 1H6IK Turn has done nothing to diminish these recordings — they are technically l>erfect and acoustical!' superb, 
, But the real attraction is Moravec's overwhelm­ ing style and grate in d< liver mg lei the listener a broad program of standard pi mo — a program so wi ll executed it is a lm o s t like discovering the pieces all over again. 
Do not lie confused b> the numbering of these discs. It is illogical, since two of the albums are 
Volume I and Volume 2 of * Immortal Pages” from the composers’ pens They are NOT numbered consecutively. Instead, another Moravec disc has the consecutive number one would think should belong to Immortal Pages. 
Volume I (CS2I23) features Beethoven^ Moon­ light Sonata, Brahms’ Intermezzo in A Major, three Debussy pieces — Fens d’arlifiee. Snow is dancing. Golliwog s ( ake Walk — Chopin Mazurka in C-Sharp Minor, (Op. f>3, No 3) and Chopin Noc­ turne in D-Flat Major (Op 27, No. 2). 
Volume 2 of Immortal Pages (CS2129) again has standard piano works like Clair de lune and 
Beethoven’s Pathetique Sonata, and an entire se­ cond side of delicious Chopin. Debussy and 
Brahms. 
And if that isn’t enough there is an entire Chopin 
Recital (CS2122) featuring more of this artist's exceptional talents. 
If you haven t heard one of these or any of the other two dozen or so Moravec recordings, you owe it to yourself to ordei one. With some of the selec­ tions, you simply have not heard them until you have heard Moravec execute them. 
Yes, they an* all old standards you have 14 times 
(at least) in your collection and. yes, you have them by the world’s greatest pianists. 
But if you don’t have some of them by Moravec, you just don’t have them at all. I highly recon!- mend these three latest releases from the Conn- oiseur Society. 
Besides, what other pianist do you have who plays these works on Pet mf and Boesendorfer 
‘‘Imperial” concert grand pianos? 
These renditions are so superb, we'U resort to almost any cheap trick to get you to listen to one of them. 

Tnt/ TTI 
I H i l i f 
UNUSUAL THINGS TO PO a BUY 
IN ANTONIO AND OUR AREA 
Texas Live 

The Best of San Antonio 
SUNDAY magazine* 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171, SA N A N T O N IO , 7829/ 
225-7411 EXT. 322 
■ION THE COVER 

The Ballet Society of San Antonio is bringing the Hartford Ballet to River 
City next weekend. The event promises to be a highlight of this spring s cul­ tural happenings with the added spark of an American folktale set to donee as a featured attraction. 

The Texas Theater wasn’t always just a movie house. 

There was a time when it also featured live performers in stage shows that attracted thousands. 

Those days are returning to the 
Texas beginning Friday night when 
Texas Theater in Concert — a series of live band performances —• begins at the downtown theater. 

The series will begin with ap ­ pearances this Friday by Doug Sahm, 
Augie M eyer, The Texas Tornados and The W estern Head Band. 

The following Friday B. W . Ste­ venson and Denim will appear with concerts by Freddy Fender, W illie 
Nelson and Asleep at the W heel scheduled for coming weeks. 

The Texas, if you’ve never been there, is no ordinary concert hall. It was built in the days when baroque m ovie palaces w ere created as things of beauty in themselves. It s a trip back into an elegance that s hard to find these days. 

The theater, by the w ay, will be providing protected pat king and beer. Ticket prices may vary with the show, but the opening concert will be $4 and $5. 

Doug Sahm, Augie M eyer, The 
Texas Tornados, The Western 
Head Band/Texas Theater in 
Concert/At 8 :3 o /Friday, M ar 
11 /Texas Theater. 

Lot of Brass 

Mucho! 
Have you gotten any really neat presents lately? You know, the kind of thing you've always wanted but didn't even know it. 
N ow you can tell the world about your new toy, |oy or pastime ploy in 
Try It! 
Tell us about it and we might print it. Send your unusual gift ideas to: 
RON WHITE’S Try It! Page, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex­ as 78297. 

T h e re s nothing really brazen about 
Joan Kruse's attempts to sell the unusual in her shop. 

Brie Brae 'n ’ Brass is just a quiet little p lace in 
A lam o 
Heights that features some highly unusual objects. 
Jo a n has friends in the M id ­ west who round up unusual farm im ple­ ments and antique objects. 
Joan sells many of them just as they are, but others she has brass plated. The re­ sults — keys, hinges, tools, railroad spikes 
— m ake d ifferen t conversation pieces to set on your coffee tables. 
In addition she has some beautiful lamps m ade from w agon wheel hubs and fire extinguishers, and a collection of strange items including organ pumps and hat molds and a few things that defy classification. 

Brie 
Brae 
‘n* 
Brass/5o13 
Broadway / 828- 

6 7 4 2 
Mon-Sat 
1 o - 8 . 

Go Fly a Kite 

March is traditionally the kite flying season, and if you’re a little more adventurous than som eone who is content with a ready made kite from the dime store, check into a book called 
“ Kites: How to Fly Them, How to Build 
Them." 
The book gives a short history of kites, and explains how they work. 
But the real attraction are pages of detailed, illustrated directions for the construction of 16 different kites from the box kite to elaborate multi tiered kites. 

“ Kites: How to Fly Them, How to 
Build Them/By Ambrose Lloyd, 
Charles M itchell 8 N icollette 
Thom as /Holt 
R inehart and 
Winston Publishers/$5.95. 

* EXPRESS N fW * SUNDAY M AG A ZIN E— Worth 6, 19 77 
PAGE 3 

New Austrian topic 

DAVID A. BROOKS 
5o9 Candteglo 
RO O SEVELT HIGH SCHOOL 

For David Brooks, managing studies, music and a part-time job is a way of lilt*. But his buss schedule has paid off, as David has been successful in all three fields. 

David led the percussion section in the Roosevelt marching and symphonic hands while only a freshman. The next year he was named assistant drum major, then pro­ moted to drum major for his junior and senioi years. Ile has received all-region, all-area and all-district band honors. 
The winner of 18 First division medals in Class I solos and ensembles on snare drum, tympani and piano, he has earned a first division in the state tympani contest. 

A memU*r of the San Antonio Youth Symphony and Broadway National Bank 
Bicentennial Band, David also plays tympani for area churches on occasion. He was runner-up to the Optimist Club s Youth in Mtr-ic award. 

In addition, he toured Germany with the l imits Baptist Church Mainstream Youth 
Choir. He is active in sports and educational programs at the church. 

Scholastically, David has been a member and president of the National Junior Honor 
Society and belongs to the National Honor Society, the Beta Club (English honor society), and the Social Studies Honor Society. 

A three-year Key Club member, David h as held office and attended the district con­ vention in Fort Worth. He also attended American legion Boys’ State in Austin, elected presiding judge of the Court of Criminals Appeals. 

The son of Juan ll. Brooks participates in senior league baseball and church league softball, Hag loot ball and basketball. 

Ile has worked part-time and summers drafting and surveying for a consulting engineering firm, office clerk for an oil company, newspaper carrier, and as a musician. 

David enjoys music, concerts, hunting, fishing, photography, scuba diving and tennis. 
He would like to study to lie a professional music ian or symphony conductor at North 
Texas State University or the University of In­ diana. He will soon In* honored by the Optimists 
Club of San Antonio for his achievements. 

 c:O NGRATULATlO NS 
M T wij 

It isn't often that na­ tions, exclusive of Israel, issue stamps honoring and depicting syna­ gogues. 
Bul Austria has just 

 issued a new adhesive in tribute to the 
15ol Ii 

 anniversary of the Vien­ na "Stadttempel” — the foremost Jew ish house of worship iii that city. 
Over a century and a 

 half ago, the Jew ish community of Vienna asked the F.mperor of 
Austin! lo help build a new temple. 
He consented and pro- 

\ ided the court Architect to design the beautiful religious edifice which has been intact since its opening: 
The Vienna Synagogue 

 marked the beginning of the freedom of the 

Jew ish community iii 
Alistiria which was in­ terrupted only during the reign of Hitler. 
The new 1.5o-schiiling 

Austrian stamp features a front view of the Holy 
Ark Hanked by two co­ lumns. At the top of the stamp is the inscription 
(translated) “ lollth An­ niversary of the Vienna 
Temple.” 
The 1o77 edition of the 

Minkus New American 
Stamp Catalogue is oil the press. 
Included in the cata­ logue is a six-page intro­ duction telling the story of how tin* postal system started in America. lasted and illustrated 

 in its :17o pages are the regular issues, comme­ morative air mails, post­ master pro\ isionals. re­ venues. envelopes, (lost cards, possessions plus stamps of the United 
Nations. 
There is even a special 

 section of ma tor errors. 
In addition to pricing 

 each issue, prices are given for blocks of four, plate blocks of four. sheets and first day 

 covers 
The hard cover volume 

 is available for $7.5o at your local stamp dealer 

PAGE 4 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Worth 6, 1977 
¥ 

CBs s till in the W h ite H ouse 

WE’RE OPEN 

CLIP AND SAVE 

H W A Y * 8p.m. -12 midi. 
• NO, ALCOHOLIC BEV ER A G ES 

V * 
' 
° * * ** T O s t u o t . n t s ' . v 

• G R A D ES 7 thru 12 
. 

SAIURCA«:«».«.rn.m . 

* GRADES 9 thruCPgUCke 

IMfcM«C RS W t L C O U t torn N4(JhT»1- 

(pattee* STUDENT CENTER 
O'! 
Ho<*d Across from North FAM St,Mil urn 

SNACK BAR 
FOOSBALL. POOL. & GAME MACHINES 
DANCES 

F O R S T U D ! N T TC CNS 

EVERY FRIDAY & SATURDAY B P M 

M A R C H . 19/ 7 B A N OS 

4 
T H I 
A I / A I I O 

•j 
S A T t H b t N A r t O I K i S 

Continent*! Show*, lid 
ANTIQUE 
ISHOW & SALE 

SAN ANTONIO 
(Convention Center I 

 i. Alamo A Market 
MARCH 4-5-6 
Tri., Sot.: 1-9 P.M. 
Sun.: I -6 P.M. 

|1 Paid Admission Coe 

For All 3 Days 

[NATION S TOP DE 

TO 
FRI i m ; A R O 

 if ) 
S A T 
S T A R R S T R O K 

DRESS CASUAL 
COME WITH OR WITHOUT A DA I E 

FOR FUR THOI INFORM A HON 
CAU 824-236/ OK 732 i t t i 

NEED A BAND ? 

T A M A 

P H pN E 512 824 2367 OR 732-5125 

CUP AND SAVE 

14 -DAY CARIBBEAN AIR* SEA CRUISES 

Take a two week ft *yal Caribbean Air Sea cruise Aboard 
Sun Viking or Nordic Prince Aik! spend your vacation in 
[Ak us like- St The mas one day and Martinique the next 
You'll discover seven unique and uncommonly beautiful islands, plus Caracas tm the South American continent 
And wv bile you're leisurely sailing off to your next stop ping off place, you can relax and enjoy the diversions of the plate thats taking you there 
You can Kit tie by the seaside in a refreshing salt water pod Sip a refresliing pi na uiada alop the top bar in the 
Cand van file Viking Crown Lounge « 

. trtcular that you'll probates unset that s being painted 
Your dmrit-rs vt ill tv so qx forget about tile spec tar ular outside your window 
And our Al! Star Variety sh* -cs are f< >ur star 
We have a two week Air Sea cruise* leaving Miami every 
Saturday of the year It includes round tnp jet fare on a scfieduled aldine, airline security enlarges, ground trails porta (Jon in Miami, plus all transportation ana port taxes 
It s one of the best vacation values geeing Anywhere 
So, see your travel agent, today Ten him you want tc places On Sun Viking <■! Nordic Prince go 

SUN VIKING • NORDIC PRINCE 
M HI A A I I AK I BHI AN TLK MS Ma i 
THE CARIBBEAN’S MOST POPULAR TWO WEEK CRUISES ship-,' Registry Norway 

JUST IN TIME FOR YOUR NEW 
SPRING “ HAIR LO O K ” ! 

Our super stylists Amelia, Jaycee & Sandy will give you the look you want, be it shorter, longer, or in between! Call us for your appointment! 
YOU ARE INVITED TO OUR "OPEN HOUSE" MARCH ll & 12 

 c J ic d x [j£ ) L / ti£ tiu o n i 
6473 BLANCO 

"<=4 H in lq u * cM a I x Sx h tx U n a t" 
CASTLE CREEK VILLAGE tunisex! 
PHONE 349 8o4 I 

EXCESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Morch 6, 1977 
PAGE 5 

CB Convac 

By INK DIPPER 

 h.tlilor of 7 hi' ( ii I ion *-Inarm;! 

 lid Iv Kurd, durum the lust year lu*r husband was in u n ite, became 
A m erica s best-kunw ti 
(H e r. The First I .ady. going by the handle 
"F irs t M am a,'’ used her lour w a its wheres cr she went to campaign fur lier husband. 
Her enthusiasm also sparked mute awareness of C B problems — slow­ ness in licensing, crowd­ ed channels, 
At one point several mouths holme lie started his official cam paign. 
President Ford called a m eeting of industry leaders, organizational howls and journalists in- v civ od in c B uil: lo di^ cuss the prohlems. 
And some problem s were dealt w itll: The Fe­ deral Com m utiicat ions 
Commission started the 

 tem porary perm it pro­ gram and the channel expansion was m ade: 
Ford’s interest, whether si Ii-serving or not. pro­ bably contributed indir­ ectly to the c hances. 
Tile Office of Telecom­ m unications 
Po licy 
(O T P), a branch of the executive part of govern­ ment, has been one in­ direct link the W h ile 
House has w nit the FCC. 

Now w ith 
.Iimm> 
C a rte r in the 
W h ite 
I louse it’s uncertain how 

 lie w ill react to the crow inc dem ands ol 
(H ers. 

The m o st pressing needs is expansion of ( Ii past the 27-tncgahcrt/ ranee. 

The present frequency ranee is hard hit bv sun­ spot skip, and the sun will begin an inc l ease in sunspot activity in 1978 

The ad iv it v will peak sometime in lhsn. aud there i> a crow inc b< lief that 
( I*inc w ill bv 

 strolled' affected by in­ terference 
No one in the C B media can recall Carter ever actually using a C B — nor can they remember l ord modulating'. 
Some of Carter’s kin used the C li during the campaign, but not with the* attention that Bcd tv 
Ford received lf there is a (Tier close to President Carter, it i> 
Billy Curler, his brother. 
B illy's handle* is ‘‘('ast 
Iron" I Ken use, as he put it once. 
“ ITI drink an­ ything yon with anyone at anytime. I got a sto­ mach that’s like east ir­ on.’’ 
The media often por­ t r a y s (T ie rs as berer- drinking. good-ole-boy rednecks. 
Ii thew ever wanted to 

 an example to point to. it would he* Hilly Carter. 
(Never mind that he runs ii prosperous peanut commodity business or that he's well-read.) 
Billy has become a sort of folk hero, sitting down at the service station putting away Pubs! nine 
Kibbon with all ol Ins good buddies. 
Dan Bather, in a CBS interview at the station. asked Billy if he* had a 
< H radio at the station. 
Hilly said he didn't but told Bather he had one in his pickup truc k. 
The airwaves around 
Plains, Ga., are always crisp with Smokey re­ ports, especially when the President is in town. 

Q: How 

Why spend your two-week vacation all in one plaice? 

 deep is °o the 
^ 
(Pacific) 
Ocean? 

A: 36.198 feet at the deepest spot. 
For more fads on nature, animals, ecology and the environment, get yoni copy of The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts - the fascinating and informative hook with answers to neat ly any question. Priced at only $3.25, it s the book bargain of the year. _________ _ 

SPI.GAI SUNDAY FEATURE 

Baked Potato 

 includes our 
(special price 
Soup & Salad % b v J R *■ Sunday only 
Bar and 
- 
^ regular menu price - $7 95) 

O PEN FROM 5 P M 

111 N W Loop • Son Antonio 
Phone: 349-2-1o7 

Pig and poi and then out by 8 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

W MKIKl BEACH 
• W hat you say? I don’t hear you.*’ 
The bin 
Hawaiian in a red aloha shirt cupped his hand to his ear. Iii front of him a 

 hundred new tourists ate roast pork under the coco palms. 
The W aikiki w aves went hush-hush, and the night was w arm as 

 mother love. 
"You got to say it like you MEAN it." saki the 
H aw aiian. “ Like, Al* 
LOll-ha!" 
“ Al-LOH-ha!" said the 

ACAPULCO-W H ERE THE TEMPERATURE 
IS UP AND THE PRICES ARE DOWN. 

 ghtseeing. 

The suns going strong in Mexico. All last month, 
Acapulco averaged a sunny 8o°. It’s still doing it! And the dollar s going just as strong. Now, with the newly established peso-dollar exchange, Acapulco guests will find Mexico prices down this year. In restaurants and night places. In tasteful boutiques and in colorful markets, shopping for silver and jewelry, pottery, resort fashions and for the practically mandatory guayahera shirr jacket for men in the daytime. 
Bran iff s M exico Vacations With Flying Colors are at low dollar prices, tex)—including hotel rooms, transfers, 

/ 
\ \ 
\ 
/ 
\ 

/ 
BRANIFF^ 
\ 
MEXICO TOURS 
\ 
ARE I YA TO 24% 
LOWER THIS YEAR. 

\ 

“ I 

- v 

PUmw sen J mc more tuform.ition 

 o n y o u r M c \ k o \ n a t i o n » w i t h I Iv m c I o l.it» 
I IX. Your CV t» Thine In Mc Mc*, bt. (.bur* 
Im Vt» IU»), 

?44 
ÇV» 

Ask your Trawl Agent about them, and about our special group and excursion hires. 
CALL 
BRANIFF 
224-4941 
OR YOUR 
TRAVEL 
AGENT 

Braniff International 
Flying Colors, Rex un 9o8 
Exchange Park 
Dallas, Texas 75235 

Name____________________ 
MI XKO (I TV. 4 du» I h.q.i» with U .I 
»is.4*t»t, .nu (IT "BN I IX'11) 

VI A H I I O . 4 A w » - I multi* nul. im • 2 im .I» J «K. 
* 1» Iii c n i w a tt J vs o u i ic .t .Ii», .tin j <» (IT T H M IX YI 41 
> >| j 7 ^ 
A l’A ll l l O T A X l O-MfcXK O I ITV, "*J iv 

I m c h i» a it h . « o t ic , I city » ig h ix v it.j{ ,at3 m o i r t. . j ill tour k l » t v n * n u » , t v ct. m c it v im . tit» )t.c, 
J n u .I» J .i .l , in A i .14~i.il,* • m d .iii} ' «it t i .m eter» tU> u h h.Jcd U T T B S l l X V r s ) j| 
)4 
$|V> 

J .in k . 

A del rev. 

I its 

Z'P- 

State, 

Name o f my travel agency 

BRANIFF 

 i f 

 hundred tourists through mouthfuls of pig and poi. 
"Al-LOH-ha!" 
These are the tours that brought 3.2 million tourists — (and $1.3 BIL­ 
LION) — to the sugar islands last year. ("Only 
$41(i. 8 days including air fare from the West Coast. 
Flow er lei g re e tin g ." 
Who can stay home?) 
Who m a k es these tours? ‘‘Mostly people in their fifties and sixties on th e ir F IR ST visit to 
Hawaii," says a tour dir­ ector. 
‘“Repeaters are rare. 
Not because they didn’t like it. The second time, they know what they liked best and they do that part again." 
I did it myself. It near­ ly wore me out. “ Bags outside your door at 8 a m ." Bus to tin* \olcano. 

Bus down to lunch at 
Kona. P lan e to Maui. 
Dinner show. ‘‘Al-LOH- ha!" "Bags in the lobby at 8 a.in." 
Let me tell you every­ body adored it! There wasn’t a sighseeing tour they didn't take. Not a morsel of roast pig got away. 
And they saw EV ER­ 
YTHING. lf you can keep moving, you get more than your money’s worth. 
Sounds a little plastic. 
But if you want to do the big thing for Mother, this is it. 
F ro m the fifteenth floor of the 
Royal 
Hawaiian tower, I was getting musical feedback from 
T H R E E beach groups. Red Shirt "AL- 
I.OH-ha” beneath me. 
"Now we gonna teach 

ALASKA 
CRUISE-TOUR 
-I 
- 7 “ 7 r Son Union* 
• c m S> J. , / / J Mu*» 
Go ««Kl AAA June 27 on a 13 day cruise-tout of America $ last front mi Cruise the Inside Passage aboard the luxurious MS M onarch 
Star,* then visit Whitehorse. 
Fairbanks Kotzebue Bay home arid Glacier Bay Price includes transportation, first class hotels, sightseeing and all meals aboard 
Ship 
•P a ru m a m g n ti, 

< $ > 
W O R L D 
W ID E Frovifl agency j 

323 Spencer Lone 

T a l l 736 - 4 6 
EUROPE 
CHARTER 
$985 : 
Go with AAA August 19 on a carefree 16-day tour of three 
European capitals: Amster­ dam. Brussels and Paris. Price includes round trip air, first- cla ss hotels, continental breakfast daily, sightseeing and more 

W O RLD 
W IDE fro**! oçenry 

323 Spencer Lane 

Next vacation, go with a travel expert. 
The Trailways 
Escort. 
He’s the friendly professional who knows your needs as well as he knows the sights. 
And he’s one reason every TVailways 
Escorted Tbur is a great vacation. 

□ 
Hatchet Pilgrimage / 1 rom f t hee Ceeetry — 6 doyc Moi th 21. 

Include* New Odeum, ontebeMwn home* 

□ 
Westtmgtoa, W N b a m e W f A the South - 
17 day* April 2 

Feature* Doney World. Churiesto* Willied,tbufy. Wo*hmgton 

□ Pacific Hoflfcwe*t/Coe ad ion Roduet — 22 day* Four rummer 

 departure* Highlight* gonif, Honeaoner, Gland Teton*. 

□ 
Mexico — 14 day* Monthly departmt* Include* Mexico City, 

Acapulco. Toxco 

□ 
Motto** Treasure* — 14 day* lune ll; July 3o feature* t me mite, Son franc im o Disneyland 

□ 
I a* tora Conoda New i astond — 22 day* June ll, July I* 
Highlight* Thousand I do rid* Montreal. Quebec 

□ 
Yellow Tatoos Mach Hitts — 14 day* June 25, July 3o In­ clude* Mi tu*hmore. Royal Gorge, Arpen 

□ Nova Scotia — 22 day* July 23 feature* Halifax, lot Harbor, 
Ad r I J 
FWfw I ngtmtG 

□ 
Maw lapland lo u t in Caw otto — lune ll, July 2 I 23 Include* 
Jonestown, Mount Vernon, Stotue ot Liberty 

Check the tours that interest you and mail with this coupon to the addrest» below'. 
NAM E_____________________________ 
ADDRESS_________ _________________ 
CITY_______STATE 
ZIP______ 
C on tac t y o u r I r a * c l A g e n t o r tollways 

 k 

Ag, Kl ut I «alia. Mal n*il»i|, lour», Int lr.ii.., » (taw I Hurt nu I urji 
3o1 Broadway 
San Antonio, TX 782o5 
(512)226-3o53 

PA G ! 6 fX P M S S-N fW S SU NDAY M A G A Z IN E — M a r d i 6, 1977 
+ 
Ixpress-News Wont Ads 225-1666 

On the Haw aiian tour 

From Page fi 

 you to do da hula, jus’ like in Honolulu." 
Tho original Royal 
Hawaiian — ("tho Pink 
Palace, it was a skyscraper once of SIX stories) — was celebrat­ ing is fiftieth anniver­ sary. 
Up the beach at the 
Sheraton Waikiki (PHK) rooms) another hundred or so were eating pig and poi. Listening to the gui­ tars play. "Beyond the r e e f..." 

Music pours through the elevators like coconut syrup. 
“ A Golden Week in 
Waikiki, SMS!" (Add sam more in air fare for each time zone from the West 
Coast.) 
They put you in first-, class hotels. Waikiki ho­ tels are running 98.3 per cent full. 
They’re filled with people whose bags are outside the door at 8 a m. 

So a new group can move in. lf you do this on your own. the costs begin to eat you up. Top hotel rooms in Hawaii run $45. 
Half what you pay in european capitals or the 
Caribbean. 
But dinners in the best restaurants are around 
S45. too. with drinks and tips Hotel breakfasts go 
87 with ease. 
The rummy maitai is 
81 Beer is $1.95. And I paid 9.') cents for a pack­ age of cigarettes. 
Young surfers on the shorts get a small hotel 

 room a couple of blocks 
OFF the beach. Many have kitchens. That’s a real money saver. 
The wall-to-wall beach hotels 
MUST leave access for the public. 
They’re sometimes hard to find 
And so narrow you have to go through sideways. ( ’You got a big opu, you nevuh make it. brudda.") 
But once on the lx*aeh, everything up to high tide mark is yours. And the warm Hawaiian sea belongs to everybody 
"Could a couple get by 

 for a week.’ night club for a $1oo(1 
We aren’t types.” 
You want a small hotel with a kitchen on an outer island: Maui or 
Rani. Hawaii Visitors 
Breau, Honolulu, has a list of all hotels on all the islands. 

Now two jHople can get a beach front condomin­ ium 
WITH kitchen. 
WITH rent car. One week for only $8oo. including air fare from tin* West 
Coast 
Learn to sav 
“ AL-LOH-ha! ” 
And throw vour shoes aw av. 

Express/News 

Classified Ads 

P H O N E 
225-1 666 

4 

 i 

. 
MEXICO 77... ACAPULCO HOLIDAY 
M exican Hospitality Tours 

From*182 

Total package price from San Antonio 

< 

Spend Easter Holiday in sunny Acapulco 

Features Include 
• 3 nights hotel accomodations - wide selection of hotels 
• Round trip air transportation via Brantff international 
• Famous Flying Aztec Indian Show 
• Group travel rates with individual attention 

Other Acapulco Holiday packages available 

See your travel agent for all Trade Wind Tours to Hawaii, Mexico and the Orient 
TRADE HUND TOURS TO MEXICO 
W .'W .^ .W .W .W .W .'W .'W W .'W .W .W .W .W 

► 

 r%, „ ,/ 
Interoval Vacations 
Europe 1977at a Savings 

From Houston via' f F ¥ V \ I A M 
• Charter 
Departures June 8 and June 22 (15 D A Y S ) 

I. I utero) al Grand lour 

7 countnc>. escorted, full sight 

 seeing. Isl class hi riels 

 w uh K ith , must meals 
$ 1 2 9 7 . 

3. Amsterdam, Paris, london 
Hor the independent traveler. Isl 

 class hotels, with bath. 

 some meals, sightseeing $998. 

4. Hoi) I .alid X Furopc 
(June 22 Departure Only) 
Amsterdam, Hoi) I .and, 
London 

H istorical and Bib lical sightseeing iii Israel. Isl class h o ld s, 

 with baih. most meals 
$ 1 3 5 9 . h>r ft’U nu/it>n\ t» tuft >riikiiuhi. < till \tHir Inn cl peru/ in tnw i</ ilk ft>ll<>\\ Iliff fine tltfClk'ki 

2. Intern) al Student Program 

Ages 14-14. 7 countries, lour 

 manager'and adult counselor Hull 

 sightseeing, tourist hotels. 

 most meals 
$ 1 1 3 7 . 

SXF XKI W I IMI ll I K W F I I III. 
VU) N I I O O P 4 1 o 
•21-5*19 

 l l H I K TRAVEL A L I NCT, INC. 
H S I Brecia*!) 
•2S-43II 

Al It I Pl K l/ 
I Of lit te d Ojvci V t VKC 
W O K I IF I RAV 11 C IN T ER 
MEREK TRAVEL 
( emu!) BUI*: 
MOK BroaU* J> 
7o6 Milam HIU* 
N M I oop41o 
»2» •IBI 
226-4331 
342-5241 

< ll SPA H R S i IM W I I . INC. 
Tfsofu I’ntoteum Ilia,' IM UU 

• 2 * 5 7 1 1 

“ V . 

SA SH O K V s I MAV 11 I I M IM 
NM I’jrknUvc t>ri>v 
34U-2I6I 

H u h > K . 

C ll A M P A O M . I M AC I I 
12) ( canal I'aik Mull 
14442)1 

Mi N M K l W ORLD TRA* l l . i m 

1 o 4 6 N o r t h S ta r M a ll 
34P-27*| 

»< i f t i t u J. *i» P f i ‘Krd'* 
P 

 a l T T 3 6 - 4 6 

SPAIN 
CHARTER 
$779 : 

Go with AAA Sept 27 on a 16- day tour of Madrid. Seville and the Costa del Sol Price includes round trip air. first class hotels, breakfasts daily, sightseeing and more 

W O R L D 
WIDE »fov*f agen 
323 Spencer tore 

E U R O P E 

■ ■ A R T E R S 

Low Cost Spring’ & Summer Charters 

I . . * 4 9 7 

A ir Fare O n ly 
T w o W e e k S ta y 

For Example: Round Trip London 

MAKE RESERVATIONS N O W ! 
For M ore Information On Other 
Charters Call: ( 5 12) 828-8 I O I 

W o r ld T its v c l 

C e n t e r 
* 
53o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

Guadalajara 
4 days/3 nights 
Guadalajara/Puerto \fallarta or 
Guadalajara/Mazatlan 
$ 
8 days/7 nights from99 

 occupancy. plu-> airfare 

 per person, d< lithic occupancy, plus airfare 

 lf you want to see the real Mexico, we've got th* best tours going. To Guadalajara, the home of the mariachis, and the most Mexican city in Mexico. VNV give you four days to take it all in. with three nights at a great hotel included. And at these paces, you can afford to see a lot more. So take our tour to 
Puerto Yallarta or Mazatlan. too. And you'll get four more nights at a top notch hotel in either resort. 
At the lowest price going. And on both tours, you get w elcome cocktails, full breakfasts every day. sightseeing, night club cover charges, and more. Another big extra: w hen you fly w ith us. theres no added airfare tor the stopover in Guadalajara. So see y our travel agent. Send us this coupon. 
Or call 8oo 421 83o1, toll free, for reservations. And get going yourself. 

Mexicana Airlines. 431 N. St. Mary ’s, San Antonio, TX 782o5. 

I’d like to get going myself. Send me more information about your tours. 
□ To Guadalajara 
TOL K COOF. I TSM X I Ft FMO 

Name 
_________ 

City-------------- 

My travel agent is________ 

□ To Guadalajara Puerto Yallarta 
TOCK COOF (TSM(IHF MO 

_________ Addrest 

State Z ip ________ 

□ To Guadalajara Mazatlan 
TOCK COOF IThMX IHF Mo 

Phone 

Head Ann Landers O il Life and Love in the San Antonio Express 

^ Fly Mexicana to Mexico. For the best tours going. 
- 

The airline most people fly to Mexico. 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— March 6, 1977 FAGE 7 

Camera bodies 

 and the 

 shutter 

And ('.od said "LH thoro bo cam eras!" And so it v\as. big cameras, little cameras, last cameras and studio cameras. And none of them were created equal. 

The first commandment in photography? “ Know thy camera.“ 

You can be on a first name basis with a friendly film Live with it and take it to dinner now and again But a photographer must be closest to his camera. 

A photographer’s relation to his camera is similar to that of Hoot Gibson and his horse. 

“You can fool around with my wife and step on my blue suede shoes but keep your cotton pickin’ hands off my camera boy . . . or you’re in a heep o’ trouble.” 
Iii the past we have discussed photography as a set of variables. The photographer's job is to take this can of independent minded worms and teach each one to crawl, more or less, in the same direction. 
This Sunday s worm is the camera. 
Not the lens; that is another worm that I hope we have already trained at least to sit, stay and not piddle on the carpet. 
Let s train the camera body. 
Every camera is an individual. No two are truly niterchangable. 

EVEN THE FINEST camera produced by the most meticulous manufacturer will fail and react slightly differently. Just us two autom obiles produced on the same assembly line, one after the other, will handle just a little differently, two cameras with successive serial numbers will give slightly different results. 
The reason for this is a thing called manufactur­ ing tolerances. 
Tolerance may sound like a nasty word but without this built in allowance for slop, mass production would be impossible. It is doubtful that 

Photo Tips I A fiendish delight 

With, 
P la y ’s persona lity seem s split 

Watching “The Bloody Mr. Hyde” is j like watching a fascinating, exciting case of schizophrenia in action 

Within the m usical adaptation of “Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,” at the 
River City Theater, there is, of course, the dual personality of Dr. Jekyll, a pious scientist whose experim ents turn him into his evil alter ego, 
Mr. Hyde, a fiend who delights in rape and murder. 

WHITE 

 tYNCRO&VNSHINE Kith a .lr,.br w n ibi. burk-ligliled p o rtra it o f Jen n ifer. I bi» tech* nique alm ost dem and- the u»e of a C om par tv pe shutter. Pleutre datai Ha*»cll>lad, HOinni lens, at 
I* 16; Trt-X film idiot at of a second. 

M G I • tXPtfSS-NIWS SUNDAY MAG AZINE— Worth A, 1977 

 something as complicated as a modern camera could work without some plus or minus slack or tolerance. 
A camera body has a number of jobs to perform. 
It must keep light out, except when the shutter is opened. On this there can be no tolerance. It is either a light-tight boss or it is not a camera. 
Also, it must locate the lens at a fixed distance from the film. This allows the image to be focused sharply. Some cameras do a better job of this than others. A photographer pays a lot of money to have this job performed almost perfectly. 
The camera must hold the film flat at that fixed distance, lf the film is not positioned just so, then everything else is so much engineering for blueberries. 
Which brings us to the shutter — where all the gears, transistors and things that go “ zutt” are located. 

WHILE SHETTERS are not necessarily part of the camera body and larger cameras usually have them mounted as part of the lens, it is convenient to think of them as part of the camera. 
Three types of shutters are found in modern camera and the photographer should know what he is using. 
The Compur shutter is usually found in the lends or just behind the lens. This gizmo (if you can call the Mercedes of shutters a gizmo) looks like a lens diaphram that goes f/nothing to f/all-the-way in a big hurry'. 
Some of the less expensive imitations of the 
Compur shutter and the Compur itself when it needs deaning, present an unusual problem. When taking pictures with the lens wide-open the shutter pre­ sents a changing aperture from f/whole-bunch (say f/128) to wide open and down again. This gives a much greater depth-of-field than the photographer might expect. 
This is only a problem on a seldom used camera or OIH* that is unfamiliar (such as borrowed), lf you use the camera all the time you should know this idiosyncracy will become part of your photography. 
The overwhelming advantage to the Compur type shutter is its ability to sync with electronic flash at any shutter speed. Fill flash rn bright sun! Love ii! 
In focal plane shutters there are two types: Copal 
Square and Curtain. Copal Square shutters synch­ ronize with strobe at 1/125 second while cloth or foil curtains sync around 1/tiU second. 
Many improvements have been made in final plane shutters. They used to commonly sync around 
1/2o second. To get 1/tiU or 1/8o second the shutter curtain must really move out. This high speed is rough on internal adjustments along with wear and lear on the curtain itself. They need occasional service. 

COPAL SQI ARE shutters operate vertically and- have less distance to travel so they do the job quicker than curtain shutters, 
The great advantage to Copal Square shutters is cont of repair and sturdiness. The shutter is a sub assembly to the cam era body rather than intergral to the design, lf something gins wrong, three screws allow the repairman to remove and replace the whole mechanism without redesigning the eaiiH*ra. 
AI SHJ t 14 load-carrying bearings take the beating with a cloth curtain shutter and there are far fewer in the Copal Square . . . which means less to goo up when the camera is left unused for long periods. 
The overriding disadvantage to the Copal Square shutter is its height. The thing takes much more space than a cloth curtain. That means it won t fit in 
Uh* new, smaller sized 35mm cam eras that are flu oiling the market. 
A final word on tolerances. The ASA manufac­ turer’s tolerance fur shutters on new and used cameras is plus or minus 3o per cent on speeds over 
1/KIU second That means two identical cameras can make exposures as much as % of a stop different. 
This means nothing to the photographer using only one camera all the time. But if you borrow someone else’s camera body and find your film over or under exposed then next time just borrow his wile and leave his camera alone. 

But the play itself, presented by the Magiek 
T heater Touring Com­ pany, has a split person­ ality. The songs and the hook seem intended for two different play s. 

They are both suc­ cessful in their own way 
— the songs a raw, surg­ ing cabaret music with bitterly sardonic lyrics, and the book a hilarious farce with little more serious intent than is found in a pratfall. 

If they have a common thread, it is the rem ar­ kable perform ances by 
Rick Landmann and Su­ san Drake, who in multi­ ple roles infuse both the dynamic lyrics and the light farce with a con­ trolled energy that tin­ gles the spine and un­ leashes floods of adren­ aline through the audience. 

Weill and Brecht 

The m usic by Ricky 
Hernandez and Tito Vil­ lalobos 
Moreno and 
Richard Rosen’s lyrics seems like a reincarna­ tion of some of the hest collaborations of Hurt 
Weill and Bertolt Brecht. 

The music has Weill’s sam e pounding, un­ relenting forcefulness, full of heavy cadences that blend with some de­ licate and lovely ly ri­ cism. 
* 

Rosen’s lyrics are reminiscent of Brecht’s 

 socially conscious exhor­ tations mixed with cut­ ting satires. 

Hyde defends himself in song as a savior of the downtrodden, releasing them from mortal cares through the sweetness of death. “ The W orking 
Girl's Song” berates the audience for its indiffer­ ence to the lower classes. 
“Against Our Will” nice­ ly dissects rape as a struggle for power between the sexes. And the show ends with a sa­ tirical hymn that ton­ gue-in-cheek urges science to walk hand-in- hand with God. 

Farce 
These are high-minded songs without sacrificing humor and m usical en­ joyment, and they convey the show’s various dialectic them es about good aned evil, science and sp iritu ality , m ale and female personalities, social propriety and indifference. 

They arc com plex songs that contrast dras­ tically with the sim ple­ minded farce of Rosen’s book. When a song ends, the perform ers launch into a broad comedy of slapstick and clownish antics that seems a poor­ ly inspired hold-over of the days when Rosen and 
Landmann were present­ ing spoofs at Melodrama 
Theater. 

It is no small tribute to the perform ers’ talents that they are able to make the transition so successfully and to bring the audience along with them. 

Besides being rem ar­ kably expressive singers, 
Landmann — as Jekyll, 
Hyde, a policeman, and a street thief — and Broke 

— as Jekyll*» fiancee, a streetw alker, and a flower girl — are cap­ tivating actors able to switch characters more easily than others change clothes. 

Versatile 

Landmann is virtually a one-man-show whether mugging outrageously as a bungling policeman or at Iris villainous hest hissing a line l;ke “ I It vc to torture old people and women ber»»;.-' 
»*e so helpless!” 

Broke is versatile as she is lovely, dissolving from the hardness of a prostitute to the frailty of 
Jekyll’s distraught lover. 

Along with R osen’s yoeman work in two roles, Landm ann and 
Broke are all the performers the show has or needs. Their ability to play farce and to instill energy into the songs equally well disguises the play’s lack of coherence. 

According to the pro­ gram notes, “The Bloody 
M ister Hyde” is not a finished product, as evidenced by changes from the printed order of songs. 

Unfinished, it is an ex­ citing show, well worth seeing for the stings anti 
Landmann's and Droke’s performances. And it has the potential, if the com­ pany has the courage to present its story straight-faced instead of laughingly, to become a cohesive work of art as well as entertainment. 

“ The 
Bloody 
Mr. 
Hyde” will be presented at 8 p.m. at the River Ci­ ty Theater, 1122 N. St. 
Mary's, Sunday through 
Tuesday until March 15. 

RIC K L A N D M A N include, both Dr. Jekyll aud Mr. Hyde a m o n g hi» roles rn 
I be Bloody Mr. H yde” ai River City Theater. 

[Bi l_ 
JSNBIP ini 1= CZ y) n I 

O P E S IS G 

M O N : 
T H E 
W A Y 
OF 
T H E 
W O RLD, Southwest Texas State 
University Theater, San M arcos. 
I 245-22o4. 
W illiam 
C o n g re v e s com edy p re se n te d av p ro fe s­ sional touring troupe, The Acting 
Com pany. 
One night only. 
At 
7:3o. Call for ticket prices. 
TH U R : C A T C H M E IF YO U 
C A N , 
C o m m u n it y 
A c t o r s 
T h e a te r. 
K le m e h a lle . 
L a n d a 
P ark, 
New 
B rau n fe ls. 
New ly m arried man, m issing his wife, encounters another w om an who claim s to be the m issin g bride. 
M a r 1o-12, 17 19. At 8: IS 

C l R H E M TH E t TFM 

M A R 6-8 
T H E B L O O D Y M I S ­ 
T E R H Y D E , River City Theater. 
San Antonio Country, 1122 N St. 
M ary s. 732 8385. M u sical based on 
Dr. Jekyll ond M r. H yd e '' presented by 
M a g ic k 
Theater 
T o u rin g C o m p a n y . 
S u n -T u e s 
•brough M a r 
15. At 8 
Can for onces 
M A R 1o-12: M A D A M E S A D E , 
Our Lodv of the 
L ak e U n ive r­ sity Theater West, 434-67U. ext. 
’o6. The M a rq u is de Sade as viewed bv the wom en around him. At 8 IS. SI-S2. 
M A R 
4, 
11-13: 
T I N D E R i K f c A C M E R Y , or 
W H E R E 
T H E R E S 
Smuikfc, 
T H E R E S 
M O N E Y , 
M e lo d ra m a theater, 
H e m isF a ir Plaza. 224-4464 v it lion O scar 
D e L o v a ca tries to freeze San A ntonians bv tripling the price of fuel and kidnaps 

M ayo r Leto Crockwell. 
Fri-Sat through Apr 17 
F ri & Sat at 
8 '5. Sun at 6 IS F ri S i SO, Sat 
$4, Sun $2 children, $3 adults. 
SAT: PIN OCCHIO . San Anton­ io 
F in e 
A r t s 
C e n te r, 
3145 
N a co g d o ch e s, 
653-7241. 
K id s ploy 
Each Sat through Apr 9 
At 2. S2 children, 52 5o adults. 
M a r * 1 2 : 
S P I R A L S T A I R ­ 
C A S E , 
H a r le q u in 
D in n e r 
Theater. Bldg 2652 B arney Rd., 
Ft. Sam Houston. 221 2186. M y s ­ tery suspense drama. 
Wed-Sat through Mar. 
19. 
Buffet at 7. snow at 8. IS. Wed 8. Thor $6.5o. 
Fri & Sat $7. Reservations. 
M A R 
I l i a 
C O M E 
BLO W 
Y O U R HORN, Theater San A n­ tonio, 
735 6922 
N ed 
Sim o n s com edy apout o you n g m an 
Cutting loose At 8 15 except Sun at 2 3o 52.5o $4 5o except 53 5o on 
Sun. 
M A R 4. 8 13 
AN IN S P E C T O R 
C A L L S . 
The 
C h u rch 
Theater 
115o 
S 
Alam o at 
Wickes. 
224 4o85 A m ysterious inspector investigates the suicide of a young g irl im plicating a re ­ spectable family. 
Opens at 
6 3o. buffet at 7. show a* o ii; snow without outlet ai 3 p m 
Sun Tues Thars 57.f S. F ri 8 Sat 
58 95, Sun 54 (2o o m ore 53,5o. 
4o or more 53 on S jn I Free wine and cheese on Sun. 

A l TJITIOSS 

N E X T S L N & M A R 
14: for 
B O E I N G - B O E ING. 
H a rle q u in 
D in n e r 
T hcoter, 
B ld g 
2652, 
H a r n c r 
R o a d . 
F o rt 
S a m 
Houston,221-2186' T womenondfour womet needed for production ru n n in g A p r 
13-M ay 
J. P e r ­ form ers win ae paid. At 7 

Beautiful Windows! 

 b\ John Lemons Lo. 

CUSTOM DRAPERY 

CUSTOM SHADES 

LEVo1oR RIVIERA 

VERTICAL BLINDS 

CUSTOM SHUTTERS 

Contemporary 
A Traditional john lemons co. 
226-5379 

13161. Grayson St. 

G et so m e b o o k le a r n in g , 
Texas style. 

M M I IVW) T«at writers, borts authors °* T X j j J twghly p r a ise d nova*} set et Twos They ate Shelby 
H eat on, whose booh N?w pr^Angthe' the lives of three flenerottons of Texas womem And 

W 
* . ( t o m . * . o u t . . i l 
J 
S b l. 

 of San Antonio I* 

CD 

 tors on three women whose tocret 
The Wellesley College Club 
- - • ' M h 6 presenting the afternoon program Son , f*a c 
1977, 3 OO p.m. al Son Petite Playhouse with on occorrexwying wine and cheese potty. 
, . 
The public it invited to leo to about today•* Twas tile!alure And the women who ore producing if. 
TSCKfTS AVAIL*AU Af IH I BOO* 
BS OO IAX MDOCTieU DONATION IO THI 
SC HOSA* SHIP »UNO 
BS SO STUMM* DISCOUNT 

F R I 
D O U G 
S A H M , 
A U G IE 
M E Y E R , T H E 
T E X A S T O R ­ 
N A D O S and T H E 
W E S T E R N 
H E A D 
BAN D, 
Texas 
Theater. 
227 233o. At 8 3o. $4 55. 

 lance 

PLA YS A R K TH E THING: Two local theaters are doing produc­ tions currently of more than rou­ tine interest. 
At the River City Theater, an original musical written by Ri­ chard Rosen (part of the team that wrote the rock opera “ Alice and Wonderland” ) is on tap. 
The show, “The Bloody Mr. 
Hyde,” is a musical version of 

“ Dr. Jekyll arid Mr. Hyde.” It features some great performances ami equally great music, (( heck out Run W hite’s review of the show on page eight of the Sunday 
Magazine.) 
And at T heater San Antonio, there’s a show that just m ight convert those who'vc never thought much of Neil Simon. 
S im o n s’s ea rliest com edy, 
“Come Blow Your Horn’’ is being done with such finesse and comic timing that the dullest stick-in- the-mud might find himself being 
Simonized. The show has been 

 held over next 
Friday and 
Saturday. 
I Awk to S ta fro for details. 

POTTED: Ron Propst is one of the few potters to bridge the g ap between art and commercialism. 
I 
While Propst shows in museum s , \ t and galleries, his work can also be , found at the Store in San Antonio. • 
The Storehouse will be show ing a special exhibit of Propst work 
Thursday. Propst, who is in Texas to conduct some workshops, will also be at the store. 
Chock oat dotails in G allery. 

N E X T 
S U N : 
H A R T F O R D 
B A L L ET . Theofer tor the P e r­ form ing Arts. 732-81o3. At 2 3o. 
53 5o 58.5o. 

SUN: 
C IT Y C O N C E R T . 
Son 
Antonio Sym phony with H arvey 
G arocr conducting State H ospi­ tal Chapel. 59oo S. Presa. A l 3. 

SU N SAN AN T O N IO C H O R A L 
S O C IE T Y , T rin ity 
U n iv e rsity 
Parker Chapel. 696-6327 M ozart 
R e q u ie m 'M a s s o n d S o le m n 
Vespers At 8 D rn. F ri ond at 4 
D rn next Sun Free 
SUN: 
SAN A N T O N IO M U S IC 
T E A C H E R S ASSOC IATION . San 
Antonio M usic Com pany 
P ia n ­ ists Lynne Matlock and Dorm 
K e lle y p e rfo rm in g M o z a r t ’} 
F u g u e in 
C 
M in o r, 
K. 
426, 
Deoussy s 
Petite 
Suite, and 
Gershw in s Preludes A l 3. Free 
SUN 
LOS P A R IE N T E S , I El 
M ercado, 
514 
W 
C om m erce, 
227-o782. M oriochis Af I Free 
M O N : S A N A N T O N IO S Y M ­ 
PHO N Y, 223 5591. Guest Fren ch norm s! 
M y ro n 
Bloom 
R o ge r 
M o lo n e c o n d u c tin g 
M o z a rt 
Sym phony No 28 rn C Motor. K. 
2oo Concerto No 2 in E Flat, K 
417; Concerto Rondo in E Flat. 
K. 371 ond Serenade. No 9 in D 
Motor (Cosm orn), K 32o M a r 7 af 7.3o of Laurie Aud 54 56 SO. 
TU ES: CIT Y C O N C E R T : Son 
Antonio Sym p hony, 
Son 
Jose 
Mission. 223 5591. H arvey B is * rn conducting. Guest artist Rosita 
At 7 3o Free 
T U E S : T R I N IT Y U N I V E R S I ­ 
T Y 
C H O I R , 
T rin ity 
P a r k e r 
Cnopei, 
736 84o6 
R enaissance. 
Boroaue and 2oth Century m u ­ sic. At 8 Free 
FR I: CIT Y C O N C E R T , T r o y * 
Pork, 
San Antonio Sym phony, 
223 5591 H arvey Bisxm conduct mg. M usic by Pro*otiev, Tschat 
KOwsky. Strauss and G ersnw m 
At ll 45 a rn Free 
F R I 
S A N A N T O N I O S Y M ­ 
P H O N Y M A ST E R S IN G E RS, UT 
Heaim sicnece Center. Aud. 77o3 
Floyd Curl Dr 
Roger M alone conducting W orks bv M ontever­ di. Bentom in Britten. Schum ann. 
B i Ohms, Wolf ond H aydn At S. 
$4 

S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R . 3oo Augusta. 224 ’847 
Nnedieoomt, 
Buck S 
Rogers. 
M o r 7, 1-3 p rn Fibre Room, S35. 
M acram e ,' 
B ecky 
Patterson, 
M a r 8, 1-4 p m Fibre Room, $35; 
Tim eless Art lectures — Fr. 
H erbert 
K ra m e r, 
St. 
M a ry e- 
University. M o r 8, 15. 22 & 29, 
Ursutine Hall. 2-4 p m. Tues $25. 

SUN: T H E H A R R A O E X P E R ­ 
IM E N T , Incarnate W ord College, 
M o n o n Halt Ballroom At 7 Bl. 
T U E S : 
A R T 
P O R T R A Y S 
A 
C H A N G IN G W O R L D , T H E GO O 
W ITH IN ; A L B E R T A , L A N D OF 
TH E 
CH IN O O K , ond 
C H A IR 
M A K E R A N O T H E BO YS, Th,rd 
Floor Auditorium , San Antonio 
M ain 
Library. 
At 
12:15 
4 
7. 
Free 
W E D: 
R E B E L 
W IT H O U T 
A 
C A U S E , directed by 
N ich o las 
Ray. C haom an G raduate Center, 
Trinity University. 
At 7.3o. 51 m e m b e rs 
S a n 
A n to n io 
F ilm 
Society. 51 5o Public. 
T H U R S 
A 
F R I : 
L O L I T A . 
M u lti P u rp o se 
Room . 
T rin ity 
University. Af 7. 51.25. 
TH U R S B F R I: D R 
S T R AN - 
G E L O V E , Multi Pu rp o se Room, 
Trinity University. At 3 Thurs. 3 
8 IO F ri SI 25. 
N E X T 
S U N : 
O A R K S T A R , 
M u lti P u r p o s e R o o m , T rin ity 
University. At 7 8 9.3o St 25. 

 ket Begins at IO o.m Free. 
T U E S 
A M E R I C A N M U S U E M 
AT BATH, 
E N G L A N D , lecture 
Dy Ion 
M cCollum , director of the m useum . M c Nay Art Insti­ tute, 
6ooo N 
New 
Braunfels, 
824 5368 At 8 Free 
W E D 
W O R K I N G W E D N E S ­ 
DAY, Witte M em orial M useum , 
38o1 Broadw ay A continuation of lost year s A rts C o u n cil-sp o n ­ sored Com m unication 
Sem inar designed tor public relations 8 p u b lic a tio n s p r o fe ss io n a ls 
8 volun teers 
K eynote sp e ake r, 
L a r r y 
R a ga n , editor of 
The 
Ragan Report from Chicago 8 6 
Lunch 8 inform ation poc«et. 52o- 
Keynote address 8 lunch only, 
SIO 
Specioi full tim e student discount. SIO. Cal* Ellen Saw yer, 
224 5532. for information. 
SAT: 
E L M E R C A D O , 514 W 
Com m erce, 227 o782. 
Rum m age sate sponsored by the National 
Women s 
Organization. 
At 
IO 
Free. 
J E W I S H 
C O M M U N I T Y 
C E N T E R . 
1o3 
W 
R o m o a rt 
344-3453. C lasses in watercolor, m acram e, folk dancing sxetcn m g o n d d raw ing, oils, and w oodcsrving Can for details 
SAN 
A N T O N IO 
F IN E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R , 
M a c A r t h u r 
P la z a . 
3145 
N a co g d o ch e s of 
Bitters, 
653-7241. C la sse s in C h ild re n s 
Art 4 pm . W ed 8 IO a m 
Sot; 
Oft Loom 
W eaving, 
9 3o Tues 
Also oaiiet. m odern 
8 disco donee, guitar, piano, accordion ,, 
. 
« . 
. 
8 w ino instrum ents. 
Call tor SCC Arts c alendar, I age m ore i n f o r m a t i o n _____________________________________________ 

O P E M S G 

SUN: C L A S S E R S A R T G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 2121 N 
Mom. 
732-H21 
W atercolors bv Clay M c G au gh y a n d p h o t o g r a p h s 
Dy 
P e r r y 
Sh o n kie 
Jr. 
T h ro u g h 
M a rch . 
Opening 4-7 p rn Fre e 
SUN: B R IG H T S H A W L G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 819 A ugusta 
W orks by 
M N 
Me Fortune 
O pening 5-7 p m. Sun, U p indefinitely F ree 
M O N 
JO SK E S DOW N TOW N. 
Se co n d 
F lo o r. 
A la m o 
P la z a 
C o lle c t io n ot 
C h in e s e 
A rt. 
Through Sat Free 
M O N 
S A N 
A N T O N I O A R T 
I N S T I T U T E . 
6ooo 
N 
N ew 
Braunfels. 
Paintings ay 
Bettie 
Word Johnston, Anne K e rr and 

San Antonio Symphony 
Grand Opera 

Puccini’s Beloved opera ... 
La Boheme 
MURRY SIDUN 
Conducting with 

S U N : 
R E A D E R 
A N D 
W R I T E R S A F T E R N O O N . Son 
Pedro P io y house. 822 oo87 Guest outhors 
Sneibv H eoron t Now o n d 
A n o th e r 
T im e 
I o n d 
Suzonne M o rris » G oiveston I 
Wine ond Cheese At 3. $2.5o-55. 
SUN: E L M E R C A D O , 514 W 
Com m erce. 227-o782- Fled M ar- 

 tingles ‘Introductkm s.'tae. 

SINGHS INFORMATION CLEARING HOUSE 
Hours: Mon.-Thur: 3*7 pm., Sat.: 9om-2pm 
J S7o1 ‘Bree4wi|. T W tftz 

ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY 

 k A R lio R d b A lle T 

THEATRE FOR THE PERFORMIHG ARTS 
SUNDAY, MARCH 13 
2.3o P.M. 

PRESENTED BY 

 r 
° k 
Sill Antonio 

Tickets m ay be purchased at the Ballet Society Box 
Office, Executive Center 
K ogeram a Budding, 4 43 8 
Centerview 78228 

$3.5o to $8.5o. 
Moil orders accepted. 

You may charge to Frost Brothers, Rhodes, BankAmericard or 
Master Charge. 

Bu s transportation from A lam o Heights 
National Bank and W onderland reservations available at the Box Office. 

TELEPHONE 
732 81o3 

KARAN 
ARMSTRONG 

WILLIAM 
HARNESS 

BARBARA 
SHUTTLEWORTH! 

I SIGMUND 
IA COWAN 

March 
§:88pm pm 
Theater for the Performing Art* 
Tickets: $5.5o-$I2.5o 
Also available at Record Hole. 

STUDENT PERFORMANCE 
March 

2 9 
7 : o o p E n 
Theater for the Performing Arts 
Tickets: $.5o-$3.oo with LD. 

Sysnphony Box Office 
223-5591 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNoAY MAGAZINE— M onk 6. 1977 
PAGE 9 

Arts Calendar 

From Pagf 9 
C l K R O I E X H I K IT S 

A n n M o r s h o 'i 
T n ro u o n M a r 26. 
M o o -F rt 9 4, So * 9 I ? ’,o P re p 
T H U R : O D Y S S E Y G A L L L E R 
IE S , 2222 B re e ze w o od . 828-o16/. 
P o in tin g s b v ia < 4 t« A rm V ro n Q . 
W o y n e 
A n ie n tise o n d 
M a r g e 
B righ te r, a nd p h o to g ra p h y bv 
H a * R - c e 
O n p n t n a r e c e p t io n 
7 3o 9 3 o 
T h o r . 
C o n t i n u i n g th ro u g h M onth. F re e 
T H U R 
T H E 
S T O R E H O U S E . 
6S47 
Sa n 
P e d r o 
C e r a m ic s bv 
Won P ro p s! O ne d a y only. At H 
F re e 

A R T A F R A M E M A R T N o 
I, ti ;o2 B ro a d w a y . O h s n y R o b e rt 
H a r r is o n o n d 
B e t ty 
A llis o n 
M o n Sot IO 6 
A R T A F R A M E M A R T N o 
2. 
67o 
N orth 
Star 
M a n 
O h s b y 
H o l d 
M a s se y . 
Jo e 
P e a c o c k . 
Jose 
V iy e s A t so r a a n d 
A io e rto 
M e / o M o n Sat IO 6 
A R T I S A N S A L L E Y . SSS B it te rs Roar) 
M a rk e tp la c e of o v e r 
2o sh o o s with o ro te ssio n o l a rtists a n d or c ra ftsm e n rn re sid e n c e 
Tues Sot IO 5 3o. S o n I 5 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update . . . 

Music for the City 
FREE CONCERTS 
In cooperation with the 
Parks and Recreation Dept. 
City of San Antonio 

MARCH 
9 
SAN JOSE MISSION 
7:3o pm 
ROSITA 
HARVEY BISKIN 
Conducting 

MARCH l l 
TRAVIS PARK 
11:45 am 
HARVEY RISKIN 
Conducting 

B R IG H T 
S H A W L 
G A L L E R Y , 
819 A u g u sta 
IO ct rn. - 
> c m . 
M o n Frt 
C L U T T E R W O O D G A L L E R Y , 
.53o9 M c C o i d u a n 
P a in t in g s . ai O w ings, p h o to g ra p n s A lim ited edition g r a p h ic s a * 
C hristin e 
A m c r g o r . 
Net!ie B u d 
R ic h a r d 
Fieldon. D a n n y G a i'-p r, D m it ri 
P e t r o v . 
J e a n 
S o r ia n o . 
S u e 
Sh ie ld s a nd G e o rg e 
Stum p e r g. 
M o n -Sa t 1o 6 Su n I S 
C O P P IN I A C A D E M Y O F F I N E 
A R T S , 
115 M e lr o se 
P ie c e 
2 5 p rn Sot. Sun & W ee F re e 
C O R N E R G A L L E R Y , 4tn 8. 
M o n. B ia n c o P a in t in g s of the Hu- 
C o u n try a v hill c o u n try a rtists 
D o ily 1o6, Su n b v app oin tm e n t, coli 833 456o 
F R O S T N A T IO N A L B A N K , IOO 
W est H o u sto n 
S m itn so m a n 
In 

 siit j 'e exhibit of the in a u g u ra tio n of 
A m e r ic a n p r e s id e n t s ti a m 
G e o ro e 
W a sh in g to n to 
G e ra ld 
F o rd in clu d es re p ro d u c tio n , ot p r in t s , p h o t o g r a p h s , m e m o r - 
ODina a n d so u v e n ir s of 38 o re sider" tipi in a u g u r a t io n s 
M on 
T n u rs 9 a rn. • J p.m.. F n 9 a m 
5 p m. 
G A L L E R I A 
3o7 
H O U S E 
O F 
A R T S , 
3o7 
H e m is F o i r 
P la z a 
W a r 
W orn by 
A d rict. 
A rd y tn 
G ilbert, G ira rd . H o a x e 
H o e se 
K eenan, 
L o s Scotts. 
M is c n e r . 
Porterfield . R o b erts. 
T h o m p so n . o h s , v. o t e r c o l o r s , a c r y l i c s . c e ra m ics, m o c r am e. a n d m e ta l sc u lp tu re 
M o n Sat 
12 s. 
C o n 
227 o527 
G A L L E R I E 
O F 
F I N E 
A R T S . 
342 W. M o m Street, F r e d e r ic k s b u ro 
T e x a s a rtists, a rt is a n s & c ra ftsm e n. M o n Sat IO S. S u n b v appt C all 997 7495-997 5947. 
G L A S S E R S A R T G A L L E R Y , 
2121 N 
M o rn A v e N e w g a lle ry a rtists Jea n M a rtin . B ria n D o n ion, 
E d n a Hibet. 
O tis. w a te r c o lo r s a n d p a s t e ls b v 
C lo y 

HURRY! 
LAST DAY! 

Featuring: Big Bird, Cookie 
Monster and other Muppet 
Characters from Sesame Street.” 

Top skating stars in 
•vet two hours at great family enter - tam iant fastest fu ­ ff last shaw aa in. 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 

WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 

WED., MAR. 2 ...... 8 P.M. 

THURS., MAR. 3 ... 8 P.M. 
FRI., MAR. 4 ....... 8 P.M. 
SAI , MAR. S 
2 P.M. 
SAT., MAR. S 
8 P.M. 

SUN., MAR. 6 ...... 2 P.M. 

CHILDREN 
12 and under 
HALF PRICE 
AU 
PERFORMANCES. 

$6 °° *5oo $4oo 
PRICES: 
TAX INCLUDED 
REDUCED TICKETS N O W O N SALE: 
JOSKE’S, SEARS, JAM A JELLY, ARENA BOX OFFICE 

 rO 

RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL. INC. 

*• 
’ A H M A t t -4 • . "t ’ 
T F ilN iT v U * » iV f H S * ? » -’ .It \ 't t 

V M N D b O n F A R K M A L L b f c b M C 

1“ 

 r 
HAWAII 
July 14-21 r 
1 9 7 7 

• Sheraton W aikiki 6 nights 

• Round Trip Air from S.A. 

• Pearl Harbor Cruise 

• Flower Lei Greeting 

REPRESENTATIVE 

Fully Escorted from San 
Antonio 

CARIBBEAN 
CRUISE 
M a y 1 5 -2 1 , 1 9 7 7 
• T.S.S. Mardi G ras 
• Round Trip Air Fare 
• Ports of Cedi 
1. Son Juon, P.R. 
2 . St. Thomas, V I. 
3. Nassau, Bahamas 
• Port Taxes 
• All Meals 
• Shows on Board 
• Exciting full Casino 
449.*559 

NAME. 

ADDRESS.................. PHONE....... 

C IT Y .................... STATE.... ZIP.. 

M cG a -icm y . 
G o r d o n 
W e st 
E d ■ 
W itt m a n n , 
B m 
Z o n e r , 
E A 
" 
H e ro e s, ly o n M c D o u q o i. L o r r y 
A n sc n u ’z 
G n o e rt D o r a h 
Sa ^ta 
D u r o n . 
N a n c y 
H a w k in s cm d tv',texcv C a rlis le M o n Sot 9 6 
G R A P H I C S G A L L E R Y . 4o3 E 
C o m m e r c e 
W o o d c u t s Oy 
R -- 
C h g ra C o o n 
Su rni p a in tin g s b y 
H elen F e ste r, p rin ts ai d o a t e r s 
Tues W e d ti-5 JO. T h o rs-S a t 11-9. 
Su n I 6 

H E L O T E S A R T G U IL D , 1o6o3 
B a n d e r a 
R o a d 
W o r k s h o p s id p ro g re ss. P h o n e 695-9141. 
Tu es 
Su n 1-5. 
IN S T IT U T E O F T E X A N C U L - 
T U R E S , H e m is F o ir P t a io W a y 
9 5 T u e s Sun. 
M C C R E L E S S 
L I B R A R Y , 
1o23 
A d a 
St. 
E x h i o i f of o h s o n d w a te rc o lo rs b y D a w n E d w a r d s 
M o o F n 9-9. Sat 9-6 
O A K W E L L 
B R A N C H 
L I ­ 
B R A R Y , 4114 H a r r y W u r z o o c h 
R o a d 
A c r y lic s a n d w o t e r c o r s b v 
M a r g a r e t 
W r a y . 
M o n F r t 9 9, Sot 9 6 
P R I T C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 224 N o rth Sta r M o n 
P a in t in g s b y 
H e le n 
H o ffm a n . p ottery b y H a r d in g B o ck. oms bv 
Jim D a ly . w a te rc o lo rs b v B ctn 
E id e io e rq a n d C lo y M c G o u g n y 
D a ily 
1o-6. 
T o u r s 
1o 9. clo se d 
Su n 
R I V E R A R T G R O U P . SIO P o se o de ta V in ita b e lo n gin g e xhib it of p a in tin g s a n d c ro fts fro m the m o re than 
6oo o rt-sts of toe gro up . D o n y 1o-5. Su n 12-5 
S A N 
A N T O N I O A R T 
I N S T I ­ 
T U T E . 6ooo N 
N e w B ra u n fe ls 

*4? r f W ' bition b v stu d e n ts in tee q l i B n y , M o n F n 9 4. Sa* 9 I 3 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
M A I N 
L l 
B R A R Y , 2o3 S St. M a rv s W id lit e p o i n t i n g s b v 
L a d d i e 
J 
N e m c c M o n F n 9 9, Sat 9 6. Su n 
I 5 
S A N A N T O N IO M U S E U M O F 
M O D E R N 
A R T , 
531 
W 
W oodlaw n. D r a w in g s bv M .ichoei 
R o sk o o thru 
M o r 
27 
F r i S u n 
IO 5 
S I G O L O F F 
C A L L E R Y . 
S ' 
A n th o n y 
Hotel. 
R o o e r t 
W ood. 
D o n 
W cirren 
P o e firio 
S a iin o s. 
J ose V iv e s-A tso ra . M a u r e e n Ta razon. 
R o lla 
T a y lo r, 
S n a re tie 
D o i n o r t 
W i n d o e r g . 
F l o r e a t 
B oe cxe . F r ie d P oi. M a rc e l Dyt. 
E d o u a r d Cortez, R u th A n d e rso n . 
D o n a ld 
Y e n o . 
J im 
O e u f s c n 
M o n Sot It-S, 
S O L D E L R IO , 1o2o T o w n se n d 
P o in tin g s 
& 
S c u lp tu re b v 
Jo n 
T ip s. p o in t in g s b v 
A n g s t u s ia 
Sa m s. e nd jew elry b v D a n Jon kin s. O p e n in g Su n M a r 27, 
5 7 p rn 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R G A L L E R Y , 42o P a s e o de ta Villita. " F ib r e D ire c tio n s, w o r k b v 
K o v 
M a n t ia m a n d 
S W C C w e a v e rs: B ie g e rt, Gtenn. 
Je n kin s. G a rc ia , M o ro n . W right. 
B u rn s. M e rte n s, 
H o o p e r 
D o ily 
IO 5:3o 
S O U T H W IN O A R T G A L L E R Y . 
4114 M c C u llo u g h E x h ib it of o m s . 
» c ry iics. o nd w a te rc o lo rs b y lo c o ' 
A m e ric a n a n d E u r o p e a n artists. 
A ls o g r a p h ic s bv 
W io a o e rq 
W o o d a n d o t h e r s 
T u e s F n 
9 JO 5 45, Sot IO 5. F r e e 
T E J A S G A L L E R Y . 
1o2o5 O a 

 sis. Sumo 3 " 
N ew cmd c sc a n d ia ! g a n e ry space. M o n F r t 
19-5. Silt bv ap p o in tm e n t 
C o n 
494 578o- 344 8o15. 
T R I N I T Y 
U N I V E R S I T Y . 
715 
S ta d -u m 
D riv e , 
"t o w n 
A n n u a l 
T r o v e iin g 
E x h i b it io n of th e 
A m e ric a n 
W a te rco lo r 
Society. 
C h o o m a n 
G r o d u o t e 
C e n t e r , 
G re a t Hall. tnru M a r 
I ». 
S a m 
H o u sto n ,' exhib it fro m trio la s h lute Of T e xa n C u ltu re s in C o o te s 
L o b b y thru 
M a r 
3o 
O r ig in a l 
E d i t o r ia l 
C a r t o o n s , ' 
C o o t e s 
L ob b y, M a r 8 22. 
U R S U L IN E G A L L E R Y , at t-e 
S o u t h w e s t 
C r o f t 
C o n f e r. 
3oo 
A u g u sta 
F u n c tio n a l F o r m s *n 
C la y b v 
M ic h a e l 
S o u l 
M a r 
9 A p r 2o. 11:3o 3. M o n - F r i 
U T 
H E A L T H 
S C I E N C E 
C E N T E R . 77o! F lo y d C u r l D riv e . 
696 6327. 
78tn A n n u a l E «hibit-on of the T e x a s W a te rco lo r S o o e tv, thru M a r 6 
M F 8-5. 
Sat 
8-noon 
Su n I 5. F r e e 
W E S T F A L L 
B R A N C H 
L l 
B R A R Y , 
© T T I 
R o se d a le 
C o u rt 
P h o to g ra p h y bv 
K e n H o llo w a y. 
M o n F r i 9 9. Sot 9 6 

^fwhen o n ly ^ the very best will do 

FEATURED EVERY SU N .-M O N .-T U E S. 
E V E N IN G 

TROUT A M A N D IN E 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/826 2371 
1o39 N I. LOOP 41o 

BANQUET FACILITIES 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 
RIB EYE 
• 
FILET 

MARGARITAS 
$1 .o o 
ALI ENTREES 
INCLUDE: SALAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB R*CE 
LUNCH 11 3o A M 
DfNNER-5:oo P.M. 

Presenting the opera that just might change your mind about opera 

O n ilif riwd once again, T i‘\a.s Opera I healer is coming your w.iv vs itll a bland new show. Live! 
( >n stage CMU* night only. 
You can understand vs hat we’re singing 
I he Marriage of Figaro l»> Mozart is U>\e-t razed comic opera performed in Lngiish by the inosi exciting vining singers in America. A complete slum ss it Ii dazzling sets and cost lunes. 
O u r Mars do more than sing 
O n n ct iv to figure oui v\ host basing who amidst the wooing anti plotting ol Count Alma* 
\ivas court. Foul amorous couples in diz*y pur­ suit, each pressing his affections on tile oilier. 
Aud c at It It tv et is w th lls n alt jus of his rival 
Why we take an old classic on the road 
The music teases you anti H ilts. The saucy melo­ dies ate full of lovers’ innuendoes. 'lin s opera 

 h as been a crowd-pleaser for —<Hi years, but 
II ie 1 c's 1 lev et I x v ii a I igaro guile like ours. 

PAGE IO IXPRfSSMfWy SUNDAY MAGAZINi— Morth A, 1977 * 

IP] 
THEATER 

LAI KIL Al HITOMI M— TRINITY UNIVERSITY 
FRIDAY, M ARCH I t , 1977— 8:oo PM 
TICKETS! $ 9.oo , $ 4 .o o , $ 3 .o o 
$1.oo discount For students 
Tickets available at JOSKE'S stores and Laurie Auditorium (Tel. 7 36 -8 11 7 ) 

 fi 

M C N A Y A R T IN S T IT U T E . 6ooo 
N 
N e w 
B r a u n f e ls , 
824 5368 
N e w ly a c a u ire d gifts on d ism a y in In c F ro st W in g P a b lo P ic a s s o se rie s of e ight e tc h in g s a n d the 
M is e r e r e ’ s e r ie s of o a u u tin t r i o t s b y 
G e o r g e 
R o w a n 
922 27 1. g ilt of 
G ilb e r t 
M 
D e n m a n . G ift ol A lic e N 
H o o s ­ ier! o re w o r k s by 
C h a r le s 
E. 
B t r c h t ie id . 
W o lf 
K u h n , 
P o u t 
M o n s h ip . 
M o x 
W e b e r , 
G e n e 
D a v is a n d 
L o u is e 
N e v e t s o n 
F r o m toe T o m Stick C olle ction 
( r e c e n t l y o c a u i r e d i 
P o b i o c osso . G e o r g ia O Keete. L a r r y 
R iv e r s a n d sc u lp tu re ol Is a m u 
N o g u c h i. A lso, too S o n A n to n io artist. 
R e g in a ld 
R o w e will be fe ature d in a o n e m o n e xhib itio n of h is w o rk o v e r the p o st tw o c o t s in c lu d in g tw e n ty la r g e o b stro c t o c r y u c s o n d tw enty tour m ix e d m e C 'a d ra w in g s. th ru M a r 
19. F r o m the P e r m a n e n t S y lv a n o n d 
/A dry 
L a n g e 
C o lle c tio n : 
G e o rg e B i ague . H e n ri M a tisse . 
P k o s s o . 
P o u i 
Ktee, h e m a n d 
L e g e r, Jo se C le m e n te O ro zc o . 
E d v a r d M u n c h . J o a n M a o . J e a n 
D u b u f f e t. 
T o u t o u s e 
L o u t r e c . t e r r e 
B o n n o r d . 
B e n 
S h a n . 
A rth u r 
D o v e . 
C h a r le s 
O m io ut. 
O C k S O n 
P o l l o c k o n d 
D o ll . 
T u e s Sot 
V S, 
S u n 
2-5, c lo se d 
M o n 
S A N A N T O N IO M U S E U M O F 
T R A N S P O R T A T IO N 
H e m is F o ir la z a 
W a y . 
2 2 6 12o1 
T h e 
A m e n c o n F a r m , "’ p h o to g ra p h ic d o c u m e n ta ry fro m sto v e tabor tn ru the O u st 
B o w l ye a rs, in e lu d in g m ig r a n t fo rm w o r k e r s 
B v 
E m m o 
C o le m a n . 
M a r g a r e t 
M o r l e y . 
D o r o t h e a 
L a n g e . 
So lo m o n 
B o tc h e r, 
L e w is 
Wine, 
B e n 
Sh ow n. onO m o n y o th ers. 
A lso, p e rm a n e n t e xh ib it ct v a r ­ io u s m o d e s of t r a n sp o rt a tio n 
D o ily too, v o lu n ta ry c o n trib u tio n g a g e s ted: a d u lts 
5o c e n ts 
C hildren 25 cents. 
W IT T E M E M O R I A L M U S E U M . 
38o1 
B ro a d w a y 
826 o647. 
"S o n 
A n to n io Is... o trib ute to the city u sin g m u lt im e d ia a n d a u d io v i­ su a l te c h n iq u e s p iu s a rtifa c ts in h e a te r -go lier v sc h m o , b e g in s e v e ry h o u r fro m 
9: 3o O rn. 
A so e cio i e xh ib it in c lu d in g w o r k s b y C h a g a n . O u ty A R e n o ir, th ru 
M a y J I. " T h e G re a t A m e n c o n 
R o d e o ' o rg a n iz e d Ov the F o rt 
W o rth A rt M u se u m , o rt Of trod! tional A m e ric a n re g io n a l ro d e o s. 
T e r r y 
A lie n , 
C d 
B la c k b u r n . 
G e o r g e 
G r e e n , 
M u m 
G r o s s 
G r o o m s , 
R e d 
G r o o m s . 
A n a y 
M o n o , 
G a r r y 
W m o g r o n d . 
J o e 
J a c k e r. thru A p r J. O p e n in g M a r 
IO C a m p b e ll M u s e u m C olle ction u te n sils fro m tne to b ie s of the fo m o u s o n d in fa m o u s, th ru M a y 
I 
W e t-k d o ys 9-5, w e e k e n d s 1o 6 v o lu n ta ry c o n tr lO utiO ns su g g e s t ­ e d a d u lt s 
5o c e n ts, c h ild r e n u n d e r tw elve 25 c e n ts 

HISTORIC 
SAX AS I OMO 

A L A M O , best k n o w n m is s io n s 
"C r a d le ct 
T e x a s 
L ib e r t y . tocoted on A la m o P la ta rn tne rveort of So n A n ton io. 
275 1J9I 
M o n Sot 
9 5 3o. 
S u n to 5 JO. 

B U C K H O R N 
H A L L 
O F 
H O R N S . 
L o n e 
S t a r 
B r e w i n g 
C o m p o n y , 6oo L o n e S ta r B lv d , 
226 81o1 P e r m a n e n t coelection at 
F in s, 
F e a rn e rs a n a 
F ir e a r m s . d o tin g b o c k to 1686 O p e n d o ily 
9: JO-S, a d u lts S I, c h ild re n 6 12 A im iito ry 5o c e n ts F r e e p a r k in g 
C A SA V IL L IT A , S II P a s e o de ta Vinita, former headquarters of the Son 
Antonio Conservation 
Society, now o ffice of 
A N io ta in 
O ld Son Antonio sponsored bv the C o nse rvatio n Society on n udity in A p r il Now o p e ra tin g o s a lo u r ist in to i motion Center tor v isito rs to 
L a 
V in ita . p h o n e 
226 5 '8 8 
E S P A D A 
A C E Q U I A 
A Q U E D U C T , 9o44 E s p a d e Road 
O u i!I in t/JI b v F r a n c is c a n s , it is the so-e r e m a in in g s t r ic t u r e of its k in d in tne U n ite d S ta te s 
A 
N ation al 
H isto ric 
L o n d m o r k , 
U t e 
IN S T IT U T E O F T E X A N C U L ­ 
T U R E S. Hi m is F a ir P la z a W a y. 
226 2651 
C o n t in u in g h is t o r ic a l d is p la y s o n e th nic g r o u p s w ith turns, m u sic, snot- sn o w s, a r ­ tifacts d o m e sh o w s. 
T u e s Su n 
9 S. c lo se d M o n C o n E due of ion ai 
S e rv ic e D e p t tor g lid e d lo u is 
K IN G 
W IL L IA M 
H IS T O R IC 
O iS T R iC T 
N e ig h b o rh o o d ut r e v 
• o rta V ic to ria n a n d e o n y T e *o » n a m e s 
The d istric t b e g in * o f the c o rn e r of 
K in g 
W illia m 
Street o n d 
So u th 
St 
M a r y " * OI th# 
A n ton W giff H o u se , h e a d q u a r t e r * of the S o n A n to n io C o n s e rv a tio n 
S o c ie t y . 
F r e e w a l k i n g t o u r p a m p h le ts a v a ila b le of the W att* 
H o u se . IO7 K in g W illia m 
T H E M IS S IO N S 
To tour the lour m issio n s, tallow tne M is s io n 
T r a il m a r k e r * b e g i n n i n g a l 
R o o se v e lt A v e n u e o n o M is s io n 
R o a d R o o se v e lt P o r k 

■ 
I 
| l l l 
• I M . | • i l l lcieals, socialism 

By MAI RY 
MAVERICK Jr. 
N ew sp ap ers have a way of bragging that the ex p erien c e of being a n ew sp ap er hom e d e li­ very boy will surely put a lad on the road to the one true philosophy of econo­ mies: capitalism. 
Better still, if you deli­ vered papers to the home of W a rren H a rd in g in 
M arion, 
Ohio, the chances are you m ight even turn out to be a n ­ other Daddy W arbucks. 
All th ese th in g s hap-. 

 pened to Norman Mutton 
T hom as, but, alas, he turned out to be a socia­ list. 
It's a life detailed in 
NORMAN THOMAS: The 
Last Idealist by W A. 
Sw anberg (S c rib n e r's; 
$14.95). 
Thomas was an elegant socialist: m a g n a cum laude, Princeton. 19o5. 

 classmate of the late Ike 
Kampmann, Sr., and the husband of the blue­ stocking granddaughter of John Stewart, assistant secretary of the treasury under President Lincoln and o rg an iz er of the 
United 
S tate s 
T rust 
C om pany. Indeed, his wife. 
Violet, was a m e m b er of the hotsy- totsy Manhattan Giraffe 
Club. so named because the dour laradies, “ nib­ bled only at the higher leaves of culture." 
Ile never apologized for his wife's wealth as he 

 spent most of his life giving her ca p ita list money away to one good socialist or lib ertarian cause after another, in­ cluding dogs. 
When asked to give the “ com ­ mencement address" at a New York dog training academy for swells, Tho­ m as urged the well b ru sh ed can in es to be dogged in their efforts to attain their ideals, resist the temptation of barking up the wrong tree. ren ­ ounce private property, and strive to have a dog­ gone good life. , 

For a tim e a P resb y ­ te ria n p re a c h e r at a working class church on 
Manhattan, Thomas left the m inistry convinced that little could be a c ­ complished through that ap p ro a ch . B esides, he declared. “ I cannot dis­ cover a God w ho is lov e and at the sa m e tim e o m n ip o ten t.” F o r him the practical test of God s effectiveness and credi­ bility was his toleration of evil on earth and the suffering of man. 

“ The last idealist" had 

F e m in is t c o n sc io u sn e ss fe a tu r e d 

Looking Glass," the edi­ tors assert that "for wo­ men. the looking glass has long Ihhmi a reflec­ tion of their identity." 

However, that image. that sense of identity, has become for the modern woman “ w avering and insubstantial." Since this is a modern collection, many of the stories focus on a woman s crisis of identity. 

The lx‘st of the collec­ tion. such as “ A day in tile Lift* of a Smiling Wo­ man." “ In the Basement of the House,” and “ In the F o re sts of Riga the 
Beasts are Very Wild In­ deed," transcends what I consider the limitations of the selection process. 
Though they exemplify what women are capable of in writing short stories 
—• an e x tra -o rd in a ry degree of perception and sensitivity to language, they should by no means 

I m * pigeonholed as femin­ ist literature, any more than “ The Short Happy 
Life of 
F ra n c is 
Ma- com ber," as male chau­ vinist. 

 an intense dislike for the greed which he associat­ ed with capitalism , but he seemed to reserve Ins greatest contempt for the d estru c tio n of civil ti­ ller ties by the Stalin brand of communism. 
When the 11 it ler-Stalin pact stunned the West. he wrote. “ Stalin’s duplicity 
. . . ends the notion. I hope, that it is Commun­ ism which is tin* arch enemy of Fascism. Com­ m u n ism and F asc ism will only be enemies to the extent they are both rivals for power in a to­ talitarian society." His bitterness towards com­ munists reached a peak when he su p p o rted teacher loyalty oaths. 
When a good friend went “ wrong." he would not hesitate to point tin* finger. 
To 
Adlai 
Stevenson who supported tin* i m asion of the Do­ m inican R epublic, he w rote, " A re you not forced to admit that our action exactly parallels tile Russian action at the tim e of the H ungarian revolt?" 
To Huliert Humphrey, then a V ietnam W ar hawk, he would say. “ No m em ory of a p erso n al friendship should make us endorse a politician who has become so o p ­ portunistic aliout tin* ter­ rible war iii Vietnam." 

At the height of the so called Jo e M cCarthy 

 period, th e 
Q u a k e rs brought Mr. Thom as to 
San Antonio, not to talk about eco n o m ies, ImH* about c ivil liberties. But 
I could not resist an ir­ relevant question. “ Mr. 
Thomas.” I asked, “ did 
Franklin Roosevelt use any of your ideas." Nor­ man 
Thomas sm iled from ear to ear and re­ plied. “ My d e a r boy, 
F ra n k lin stole m c blind." 
Thomas never recant­ ed Ins agnosticism, but to the extent that he coidpl he dem onstrated an af­ fection for the roots of his religious h e rita g e by writing his children just before death, “ I prefer cremation . . . I am not an orthodox Christian . . . 
I do not believe in the resurrection of the dead or m ost of the form al dogm as of the church. 
But . . . Christ is to me so commanding a figure . . . 
I feel justified in assert­ ing a Christian service which should not play up personal immortality . . . 
All my love. Dad.” 
$ 
Norm an Thomas was one of tin* all time nice and gent Ie persons in our c o u n try 's history. 
A gainst the bully, against the bullet, against’ the bomb — his weapon was love. Let us ho|H* that the title of the book is off target; God help us all if Norman 
Thomas was "the last idealist." 

The* San Antonio Art League 

 prvst-nls ils IO T T Ch tins (JI I I H > i-srortnil 
Southern Heritage lour A pril25-31^ 
Williamsburg 

Richmond, Virginia/W ashington, D .C 

,»» 
, 
, fjfH 
,^4 featuring 
•S * 
-• 
. 
^ ^ W illiam sburg Colonial Restorations 

" r f , - H 'f 
Jamestown River Plantations 
^ 
. 
*' t 
4 j m 
Virginia Garden Tours 
Washington Art Museums 
Visits to Mount Vernon 
Monticello. The White House 

TOP QUALITY HOTELS 
2 MEALS DAILY 
GROUP 4o AIR FROM TEXAS 
SIGHTSEEING/TIPS/TAXES 
595 incl 
ONLY $ 

PLU S $6o DONATION 
TO ART LEA G U E 

S P A L T L I M I T E D ! LALL T O D A Y ! 
Mrs. Don Tillotson, ( hum. at N2 f-5 i i ) 
O r C all Art League O ffice: 732-6o in 

SAN ANTONIO SYMPHONY 

'J 
(/D 

•(cs 

Roger Melons, Conductor 
UT Health Science Center 
Auditorium 

Schumann Zlgeunerteben 
Brahma 
Zlgeunerlleder 
Monteverdi Magnificat II 
Haydn 
The Four-Part Song* for Chonta 
Wolf 
Six Sacred Songs 
Britten 
Hymn to St. Cecilia 

Box Office: 223-5591 

PRIDAY, MARCH 1 1 - 8 P.M. 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE—-M arch 6, 1977 PAGE l l 

 in 
‘L o o k in g 

By KENNETH W. 
STAGGS 

This deserving collec­ tion of tvventv-one short stories. “ IN TUP’ LOOK­ 
ING GLASS" (Putnam ’s; 
$8.95), neatly skirts nar­ cissism. which might be expected of a selection of 

 works of and by women and compiled by two — 
Nancy Dean and Myra 
Stark of Hunter College. 
The editors deliberate­ ly chose stories "written 

 out of the feminist cons­ ciousness." And, given that context, the majori­ ty of them arc* penetrat­ ing studies of “ the prob­ lems and preoccupations 

 common to all women in a m a le-d o m in a ted world." 
Of their title, derived in part from Virginia 
Woolf's "The Lady in tile 

If there’* A Story There, lie Finds It. 
Anil Report* It the \\ ay It I*. 
Paul Thom pson. 

Every Day in The News. 

Although its ed ito rs doubtless have one eye on tin* fem. lit. m arket in colleges, “ In the Looking 
G lass" is deserving of a wider reading audience than it will probably get. 

C O U S I N , C O U S I N E — 
F ren ch lo v e sto ry w ith V ic to r L a n o u x a n d Marie-Christine B a r r a u lt is a t the N o rth w e s t 
The sto rie s m e rit re- c. fleeting upon. 

* DOUG 
SAHM 
* AUGIE 
MEYER 
* THI TEXAS 
TORNADOES 
* THE WESTERN 
HEAO BANO 
THIS FRIDAY 
TICKETS^ 
ON SALE 
NOW AT 
TEXAS THEATRE. 
CENTURY SOUTH. 
NORTHWEST SIX 
SAN PEORO ORIVE IN 
ADMISSION. 
BOOR 
$5 oo 
BALCONY 
$4oo 

F R E A K Y F R I D A Y — 
W a lt D isn e y c o m e d y fe a tu re s K a y e B a lla r d a n d Ruth 

B u m a t the C e n tu ry S o u th a n d N o rth w e s t S ix. 

ï t ,. , .s'* Çr. 

-J Ti» 
Sandy Dennis sniffles at 4o 

M U YOLK - ‘Tm union to Ik* 41» un April 
27. I’m noinn In love it and I want a Int of pre­ sents," Sit nd> Dennis said the other da> lietueen sniffles 
Ifs unusual tor an ae- 
• tress to votuutet r her ant'. hut Sandy '> an unu­ sual lady 
As she snt in the stupe manager's ut I ice. at the 
Brooks 
Atkinson 
Theater, where she’s starring iii “ Same Time. 
^ e \t Year.’’ Sandy had a sable coat wrapped ar­ ound her lops and lier 
Im in ted feet lip on a chair. 

She was fighting a cold and looking sicker as she talked. 
“ I think ape is person­ al." she said. "I like telling mine. I haven't limited out why.” 
"Maybe because you don’t look it?" 
"Is that it ? Twenty- live years of my lite I was probably m arria­ geable. but I don't think 
I am any more. I think the prime is over." 
(her at 4o! Sandy nod­ ded and blew her nose 
She still seems like a yoimn girl. 
She has lived with two 

I n I • I • • • I • A i, AWONDER I 
(tty fit IMM 

1:15-3:2o-5:25 
7:3o-9:35 

 t ss «f s rn I 

12:3o-2:45-5:oo 
7:15-9:3o 

The Best 
Entertainment 
Picture 
Of 1977 

» 

PO 

S IL V E R S T R E P l< > 

=i Km filii j iiic i» mm nm 
*§'* 2CT*Ct»Ma*v *C« 

 t 

A t soon on October 25th, the Tr %.isoon lin en tad Expre** left Gotten* Station w ith alm oet one thousand people on hoard. 
*• Their destination: 
Basal. Paris. B m ew lt, Amsterdam, 
Copenhagen and Stockholm . 

HO It * t.M» •*» I MIK ram * nwHtn 
• rfi.u«ttii)i.tMtii rn tat 
SOCHIA LOMEN KH IURÜ KAHN!' 
«AMIN SMI IX OJMMCSOS I MIMI VI IMMU ASS TI MKH 
IMUtlOTHl'UN lu r si has»* B» 
— MI Rf I tS VITU.«Uti VU• 4o liltliSl ll.siKU # 
TH» I ASSAM* A I HI ISM V, 
—-ti 
« ««M itt « « « « K l 
HULIT IM «ll UtttUXt 
«UU* IAU I an— • it Mkt UM IIMtriM 
,.ttt*t ««m. it amt.» aonai ««ti a Ut .tat,* r*s hmhim 
.......xttM ai aaa/ i.*4<ata r. .< -»«.h» pasaaimu* (««rw iiin 
— Mat AHLO MOS H „ . m,« HlKI.I PAN ttJSWATOS 
»- j unwiuamrr R h XIBCTB’ 
‘ • * 
(«r V 

 ut «it aa. : >n»«i ctaaoar ' *t. 

11:35-3:45-54o 
7:25-4 49 
Muir 
WM mu oui 
3:55-4:35 
345-4:35 

On Broadway 

By EARL WILSON 

 men. une wham she wasn’t naming, and then red-bearded .jazz saxo­ phonist (terry Mulligan hor a decade they went through the fiction that they were married, not telling people they weren’t until they broke lip, when everybody was surprised to learn that 
Sandy wasn’t really Mrs 
Mulligan and never had been. 
Here is a girl from 

Lincoln. \ch.. who says marriage never gut her interest, not even with 
Mulligan. 
" I don’t remember whether the subject ever came up. ’ Sandy said. 
"W e didn’t tell every­ body we were just liv ing together because that wasn't in fashion then as it is now. 
"Anyway I didn't want to get married. I never wanted to get dressed up that much, I never want- 

L E T S PLAY HIDE AND GO KILL 
MAHRT NUVA* pftw nt* 
« -ff I 
HRT NOVAR pf#*#nto - . It 4* I 
T H E 
: 
I 

 m m u i 
11:351 15-3 o54 «5 
■5:354:15-1o4o1 I 

B A CHK CINCO 
1353 3553o 
7354 3o 
TEXAS 
I CMH5-1J 15 3 1o-6o5 4 oo 
•ATTlflS -1 45-4 457:35 

PAN «WO MSSION- VARSITY 
■ IMI CHAO 7 3o 1o35 
■ I I I ............ .... 

TERRENCE HILL 

VALERIE PERRINE 
JACKIE GLEASON 

 jùn i 
‘ i i r f ; r; C O T 
(PG) 
Starts Friday! 
NORTHWEST SIX 
CENTURY SOUTH 
UNIVERSAL 
SAN PEDRO 
VARSITY 
MISSION 

 move over 
KingKong...oo7. 
Bionic Mon. here come ... 

STARTS FRIDAY! 
NORTHWEST SIX 
CENTURY SOUTH 
UNIVERSAL 
TEXAS, SAN PEDRO 
MISSION. FRED. RD. 

 a b c IN T E R S T A T E 7 W w 

Kris KristoHerson 
Americas New No. I 
Boxoffice Male iii 1976%Most • 
_ 
Controversial I! Jjj/Ht 
Motion 
H 
' » 
Picture! 
[PU 

SARAH MILES • KRIS KRISTOFFERSON 
“THI SAILOR WHO F IL I FROM GRACE 
1:45-3:45-5:45 WITH THE SEA" 
R 
7:45-9:45 
« m w - - 
SAHM n • mu «m *»l 
Aoli «ni Am ne .I a *>'wa 
Im a naHltynl bk ai 1mw< 

 cd a family. I never wanted children. 
“ I ’m tun old to have children. I don't want to be a (Mi-year-old motlier of a 2o-year-old daughter. 
-hist like I don't want to move to New Jersey . I don’t want to get mar­ ried.” 
Sandy pulled the sable tighter alaund her legs 
("I twilight it when I was rich. I wish I had the money back"), and said. 
" I ’m a Taurus, we’re kind of slow.” 
She doesn’t do anyth­ ing to attract attention. 
"To attract attention now I’d have to get preg­ nant by some married celebrity." 
But she’ll be getting attention, because she’s in a new movie. “ Nasty 
Habits.’’ which is a take-off on Watergate with Sandy play ing a nun with a character likened to John Dean. 
It will probably be controversial. Sandy will be seen dressed as a man, wearing a mus­ tache. being disrobed in a men s room and disco­ vered not to be a man. 
"As I get to be 4o." she said. "I know I'm going to continue to work. My career is as a theater actress I don’t get asked to do many movies. One about every five years. 
"I can keep working on the stage till I’m 7o if I ’m healthy, and if I get one picture every five years, 
I II do six more pie* lures.” 
Sandy doesn't even want a man around the house, she says "That’s like having a foreign ob­ ject living with you. No­ body can say to me. 
Where the hell have you been?’ It bores me. Per­ haps that’s why I’m not married." 

I i i lier non-married. non-attaehed way, Sandy is very happy living with her many. many cats arid dogs in Connecticut. " I love taking the train into work. It gives me a cou­ ple of hours to read." 
Sandy w ishes she could be a business woman like 
Marin Thomas. 
" I can see her sitting at a desk putting this to­ gether with that and making it all work. With me. I'd say. TU go to the 
Gotham Book Store aud buy a book and read awhile.* A girl like Marin 
I Thomas, you know the elastic in lier underwear is always good lf I could e like her, I could have 
•vi ral huge eat farms." 

W ONDER 2 
6:55 9:3o 
6 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 

FAG I 12 EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Worth 6, 1977 

A 

ATTRACT 

WAVES 

OF BOAT 

BUYERS. 

With a wont od. Jo»t chol 225 1666 

Coll 225-1666 

SANDY DENNIS doesn't mind her age 

THE AGES* 

O N 8 R I D G E 

INA o CONN JN rf tu captain 

Dear Mr. Corn: 
Playing rubber bridge I made a one over one réponse to partner's opening on a marginal minimum hand 
Opener reversed and since I had a singleton in his first suit, I passed That's when the trouble started. Is a reverse hid an unconditional force" 
In Solitary,. Hoy a I Oak. Mich 

Answer: In an average rub­ ber bridge game most would probably play the reverse as non-forcing, but showing a very good band Among ad­ vanced players, most would regard it as an unconditional force 
Why the disparity" 
Bridge changes over the years and the advanced play­ ers tend to keep up with modern treatments Needless to say. it's a subject thai any new partnership should dis cuss and agree upon 

Dear Mr C orn 
In this sequence, is the jump to four no trump Black woimI or is it a IS-lf» point no 
1 trump raise" 

Up 
I NT 
34 

H»s|) 
24 
4 NT 
.*-.1 s*. 

Answer: This is also an area fur discussion and agreement In general, since no suit agreement has been reached, the hid should de­ scribe an invitational raise with one or more four card majors Neverthelem.il is se­ quences like this one thai make the use of the Gerber convention most attractive I use ii in a limited wa> Adv four club bid is a request for aces when either the first or last bid made by the partner­ ship is in no trump in eases such as this. it becomes clear thai four no trump is a quali­ tative ram* 

Dear Mr Coni: 
About face dow n opening leads What and why are they and can they be changed 

 after the card is on the table" 

Sit-»* Hor lams Longmeadow. Mass 

Answer: The face down opening lead is a procedure used in tournament play it is primarily intended to free opening leader’s partner to ask whatever questions he re­ quires about the meaning of bids without fear of inadver­ tently crossing the ‘‘ethics l i n e " and inf luencing partner's choice of lead 
Under the rule, opening leader asks whatever ques­ tions he wishes and then selects his face down opening lead Third ti and may now question and since the lead has been made. there can be no suspicion of influence 
The face dow n lead may not be changed once third hand begins his questions 
A side benefit of the pro­ cedure* is that it virtually eliminates an opening lead out of turn Unless, of course, all four players are taking a short nap 

Dear Mr. Corn. 
S h o u l d d u rn rn v and declarer exchange hands, comments and glances liefore play* I I md it irritât mg and distracting 

IHI Ii. .<i WSM I lr Tmh. 

Answer: No Not only is the practice inconsiderate, ii is in violation of the proprieties 

Dear Mr. Corn; 
What is the lead from in­ terior sequence" 

IVD § Hr! linum ttfcrHMVl i'iMNI 

Answer: The lead of the next to top card in a semi solid sequence in which the top card is not part of (tie se­ quence Examples A .I IO W K 
J IO 9 Q IO ti 8 en 

S»-n<! tx utgf «par*!.un* it- Tis» A» c» 
Bt» K» lit X» I PiAia* T.»..* 

R 
C 
I ^ 
I l l l A 
BSI} 
I O I I H 
V 

^ 
Expect all that the 
^ 

 motion picture screen has never dared l o show before. gL 
E o f * tlftrulK 
•JA 

W ork ing Their W ay 
' Thru Cortege 

No Job Is loo Big. y j Too Hard, 
^ 
Or loo 
Wild! 

M O V IE G U ID E F O R F A M IL IE S 

"G en eral A ud iences." Film contains no m aterial most p atents,ae likely to con sider objectionable even for younger children 

"Paren tal G uidance Suggested " Rating cautions parents they might consider some m aterial unsuitable for children. It urges parents to inquire nbout the film before deciding on attendance. 

"R e s tric te d ." Film contains adult-type mater tai and those under 17 years of age are not adm itted except in the com pany of a parent or an adult guardian. 

This is patently an adult type film and no one under 17 is adm itted. The age lim it m ay be higher in some places. 

M o t * o n P i c t u r e A s s o c i a t i o n Ot A n n, 

 a TTH Ac mat* 

 wuei • rn* root 
■tm sam r u n mmawkv 
“ NETWORK” 
IV. I MON. ’ M -M S 
W I W * I ’ M JC-J I J t l V M J ii) 
PAIK A IB AU DA* 
A caoss s t tu * 
SAT 
SUN - W M * DAYS 
Ant* s 1o * m 

ALAIMO IA N * QAVAGf 

CLINT EASTWOOD 
AS DIRTY HARRY 
NO BAR MAT NAKED -11:25 2:2S-S:3o 1:3o 
OR PASSES 
" J O Y " — 12:5o 3 5S o:55-1o:o1 

SO HOT IT HURTS 
FUN WITH DICK A N D JA N E — 
George Segal and Jane Fonda are a couple of middle-class crooks in the comedy at the North Star Cinema. 
ENFORCER 
T X R A T ED MOVIESl 
B l A W M I n m 
U t UM tlCS-MS-fctS 
R i v e r a r e a m o v ie s 

Lniversal Twin: 
The e hilt!; Tar/, lane. Boy and ( hirtah. 

Wonder: 
A Slat 
Is 
Born; Silver Streak. 
Woodlawn: far/, lam*, Boy and Cheetah; 
Smarter Punts + Vnlup- 
I nous Vixens. 

Cousin, 
Cousine; 
Thieves; * hatterbox; The 
Pink Panther Strikes 
\«am. 
Olmos: 
Sun-Mon;: 
Public* Knomy -h Dark 
V ictory; Tues W ed; Ad- ventures of Robin Mood 
+ Capulin Blood; Thur- 
Fri: The Fountainhead + 
The Roaring "_M)s; Sat- next Sun: Treasure of the 
Sierra Madre -t- 
High 
Sierra. 

Texas: 
The child + 
Rotters. 
LA I: 
The Cassandra 
Crossing; Twilight's Last 
Gleaming; Silver Streak. 

Child; 
The 
Sentinel; 
Freaky Friday ; The Pink 
Panther Strikes Aiwain. 
Colonics North: 
One 
Flew Over the Cuckoo s 
Nest + Fenny. 
Josephine: 
Swinging 
Senators + Voting P a s ­ sions. 

Laurel: Rocky. 
North Star Cinema: 
Fun with Dick and lane; 
The Cassandra Crossing. 

Film s showing lins week iii San Antonio in­ clude: 
\ztec-S: 
Mandingo +■ 
Drum; Swinging Coeds 
+ < ampus Swingers. 

Broadway: The Sailor 
Who Fell from O rate with the Sea. 

Central Park Fox: 
Twilight's Last (Beam ­ ing; 
The 
-Enforcer; 
Network. 
Century South: 
Chat­ terbox; Network; The 

“ TWIUGHT’S 

LAST GM AWING 

 m. A W M I M A M ut b m 
_ 
I M H ) 
_ _ 

, IO ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 
INCLUDING BEST PICTURE 
BIST ACTOR-PITER FINCH DWM. HOLDEN 
I 
BEST ACTRESS—FAYE DUNAWAY 
Northwest Six: 
Tin 
Child; Freaky Friday; 

 l .\ C in e Cinco: 
W i­ zard^; The Child; Bound for G lory; T w ilig h t’s 
Last Gleaming; A Star Is 
Born: The Sentinel. 

CENTRAL PAUK 
^ m 
2 ooPM 
WAnuiwuu l i m m i 

B E F O R E . 
. 
. " R O O T S " THERE W A S 

" M A N D I N G O " AND " D R U M " H O W 
TO G ETHER UNCUT. SEE B O T H OM THE 
BIG S C R E E N ^ 
^ 
^ 

IMT R M S R f M B W 
« )4 «S) t 
12 oo-2.3o-5:oo-7:3o-19 OO 

SWINGING 
MOVIES! 

Campos 

S M H I 

 campus ll IS 2 21 STS ITO 
COCOS ' 12 IS 3 SO I SS 1o oo 

United Artists no* oo-a open i? jo i 

FEATURES 
12 4o 3 OO 5 2o 
7 4o-1o OO P M 
NOCAR MCI a, PASSAS 

- N O W 
- 

SHOW ING 

CA M PUS • I IO-IO OS 
COCOS" ICS OMV 
( NEW LAUREL j 
V 231o SAN PIDBO • 736 45*1 J 
THIEVES — 
M a rio Thomas is an inner city » teacher in movie at the Northwest Six. 
EXPRtSS-NlWS SUNDAY MAGAZlNf— March 6, 1977 PAGf 13 

N E T W O R K — 
R obert D u v a ll is the co ld -h e a rte d 

 h e a d o f a television network in satire a t the C e n tra l 

Park Fox. 

THE SENTINEL — 
Christine Raines a n d C hris S a ra n d o n sh are a co zy m om ent in 

 h o rro r film at the C entury South a n d U A C ine Cinco. 

W IZ A R D S — 
A v a ta r a n d E lin o r a re the heroes o f 

 an im a te d cartoon a t the U A C in e Cinco. 

Summit: Billy, M el, Jim m y gab 

NASHVILLE, Tenn. - 
Your favorite stuttering c o m e d i a n - s in g e r 
Mel 
Ti 11 is is still e x c ite d about a visit with P resi­ dent Jim m y C arter at the 
Georgia White House in 
Plains. 
“ It was an experience I 
> hall never forget." said 
Tillis. “ Something I can r e c a ll for my g r e a t ­ g randchildren if I live that long.” 
Mel explains how it all happened — 

“ My show was playing on 
F r id a y n ig h t in 
Americus, which is not too far from Plains. Now, 
I h av e be en a ro u n d 
Brother Billy Carter se­ veral tim es and we have becom e fairly well ac ­ q u a in te d lie en jo y s country m usic, so that afternoon I called and united him to come to see our show . 
“ Brother Bill said ho couldn't attend, but if I could m ake it the next 

Nashville Sound 

 daughter Amy. 
“ Did I s tu tte r? know I did. 
You 

By RED o DONNELL 

| 
ORIN 12:15 
o 
DAILY 

o 
^ FEATURES 2 rOO 4:3o 7:oo 9 3o $ I M 3 OO S M 
o sm 

A l MOST 1ooo P A S S I N G S $ KIN NORTON 
THE FEAR IS SPREADING f 
NO ONE ARRIVED! f 

•THI 
CASSANDRA r 
CROSSING 

HARRY HOUR \ 
DAILY TIU 1:3o I 
ALL MATS $1 .IS f 

"MANDIN3o" \ lit ttM I tll - P t 
Hi i 
J 

 lit* J 
• xptMiMiP 

MS 
COMEDY I SUSPENSE DOTH, 

ToRfN TaTtT 
\ 
DARY 

 morning he'd lik«* for us to visit him in Plains 
Billy explained that the 
P resident would be in town 
(It was the first weekend he had spent in 
P lains since becom ing 
President). 

“ N a t u r a l l y . ’’ 
Mel laughed, “ it was an offer 
(a n d in v ita tio n ) 
I couldn’t refuse. 

“ So, m y 19-year-old daughter P am (now with our show as a singer) and my brother Richard. who is o u r ro a d m anager, rode to Plains in a car sent for us by 
Brother Billy. 

“ We g a b b e d for a while with Brother Billy, and frankly at that tim e I didn t even expect to see the President, m uch less meet and talk with him. 
“ Then Brother Billy said, ‘Come on, let s go over and see J im m y .’ 

“ We did and before you could say ‘seat’ we were seated in President 
C a r t e r 's den ta lk in g aw ay like d o w n -h o m e- folks. T he visit and our conversation m ust have lasted a half hour.” 

 did th ey ta lk 
W hat about? 

“ C om m unism and the world's problem s," dead­ panned Tillis, laughing louder. 

“ You know we didn’t. 
I'm kidding. We mostly ta lk e d ab o u t c o u n tr y music. 

“ T h e 
P r e s i d e n t is pretty hep about country m u s ic . He m e n tio n e d how it had changed in his tune. He said he enjoyed the old and new styles. 
Ile ev en r e m e m b e r e d w hen he v is ite d th e 
G rand Ole Opry with a group of Georgia square 
(lancers, which included 

“ B r o th e r B illy a lso stutters a little and when he and I were talking — or trying to talk — at the sam e tim e I don't believe the President understood a dam n word we were saying.” 

Tillis continued: “ All during our visit and talk. 
President C arter was re ­ laxed — real cool, as we say. 

“ I couldn’t relax too much. I had a feeling the eyes of a lot of Secret 
Service agents were on me. I’m sure they w ere." 

P re s id e n t C a rte r, b e ­ fore telling Mel, P ain and R ic h a rd g oodbye, introduced them to his w ife 
R osa Iv nu an d daughter Amy. 

“ I gave them som e T- sh irts that have “ M-E- 
E-L’ printed on them . I jokingly suggested that he (the President) could w ear one of them at his next press conference. 

“ You know,” conclud­ ed T illis . “ I th o u g h t winning the Country Mu­ sic Association's ‘E n ter­ ta in m e n t of the Y e a r ’ award last October was going to bo the biggest thrill of my life 
I now 

 know differen tly . V isit­ ing the P resident of the united States in his home 
IS and will BE. I don’t care what aw ards or re­ cognition come to m e in the future." 
What gives with Merle 
H ag gard and his wife 
B o nn ie O w en s? 
T hey both have filed for d i­ vorce — and have been estranged for m ore than a few months. 

Yet, last week when 
H a g g a r d re c o r d e d an alb u m in B a k ersfield . 
Calif., Bonnie sang h a r­ mony in the background on all sessions. 

N e ith e r 
M e rle n or 
Bonnie hint at a reconci­ liation — but stran g er things have happened in the ro m an tic w orld of country music! 

S p ea k in g of a w a rd s. 
Waylnn Jennings d idn ’t attend the CMA aw ards p r e s e n ta t io n s la st 
O ctober. He w a sn ’t on h a n d for th e re c e n t 
G ra m m y A w ard s c e r e ­ mony either. 

“ I have my reasons," says Jennings, a non­ c o n fo r m is t iii tr u e s t sense of the word. 

“ In b o th of th e instances, my lies! friend 
Willie Nelson also was a n o m in e e in th e s a m e 

 ro o m or a u d it o r i u m competing for the sam e aw a rd with Willie. Ile feels the sam e way. 
“ A w a rd s a r e n 't too im portant insofar as I 

Bill < Jiiiiiingliain's 

“ C a ille ( J a ile r ” 

E v e ry d a y in t h * : E x p e l # . ) 

M G f u IXHHSS-NIWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mardi A, 1977 

Texas in March 

The fo llo w in g tw tn H , ttto c te d b y 
T exas T ou rist D e v e lo p m e n t A g e n c y , o re but a fe w o f th e m o n y e x c e lle n t re c re a tio n a l o p p o r t u n it ie s o f f e r e d b y c o w m u n it» « i 

 a cro ss the sta te A m o re c o m p le te list ng o f 
Texas events may be obtained free ©I 

 c h a rg e b y w ritin g T T D A , Bo* I 2 o o 8 D ep t 
C Austin 7871 I 

March 5. 6. 12 A 13-T hc 
R iver 
O aks 
G arden 
Club's 42nd Annual Aza­ lea Trail. Houston. Eight outstanding gardens will 
Ik* open ll a .m .-ti p.m. 
Tickets available at F o­ ley’s stores and at 25o3 
West he! m er 
(713-523-2483) 
A dvance tickets $4, at gate hi, in­ dividual gardens $1. 

Match 9 12 Slock Show 
& Rodeo. San Angelo. 

Sports. Camping A Va­ cation S h o w s. 
March 
7-13, Convention ( enter. 
Exhibit Hall. San Anton­ io; March 13-2o. M em or­ ial Auditorium. 
Dallas; 
March 29-.\pril 3, Ast rte hall. Houston. T he State of Texas exhibit will In* in of fret* Texas travel in­ formation. 

March 16-2o Heritage 
F e s t iv a l . 
N ed erlan d . 
Highlights include: Kith, fire w o rk s; 17th. Mock 
M iss A m e ric a c o n test; 
IKtIi T u lip Pageant & street dance; 19th ^ 2t)th flea market & carnival 

March 26. 27. April 2. 
I— Dogwood Trails Festi­ val. Palestine. 
A full slate of events celebrate the blooming of the dog­ w oods. 
T h e 5*v m ile drive through the city's 
Duvey Dogwood P ark is e x p e c te d to r e a c h its peak of beauty during the festival 
A hom es tour, square dancing, queens contest and hot air bal­ loon dem o n stratio n are on th e s c h e d u le . F o r complete details contact the Palestine C ham ber of 
<*otnm fri*r, •Bcyy 516T, 
P a le s ti n e . T ex . 758o1 
(214-729-ooo6) 

TARZ, JANE, ROY AND CHEETAH 
Twin. 

X-rated spoof of Tarzan stories is a t the W oodlaw n and Universal ROCKY - the Laurel. 

Sylvester Stallone and Burgess M eredith star in prizefighting film at 

Today at 

N O R T H W EST SIX 

Check display ad for times and policies 

Today at 

CEN TU RY SOUTH S im m » Kiiilk 

Check display ad for times and policies 

COMI* COMIRE 
'CHATTERBOX’ 

'CHATTERBOX' 
THE CHILA 
THE ORIO 
"FREAKY HWAY’ 
"FRCAX Y ERVAY’ 

"MHR RAHIMI 
SIRKIS AGAHI" 
MHK RAMTMR 
STRIKES AGAHI" 

Today at 
San Pedro 

TNI O U 

^RATTLERS 

MANDIGO 

"PRUM" 

Check Aspiay 

 od hr timet 
"MISTY HCtmOVBt" 
"IXPOSI ME LOWLY” 
SOMITIMI 

OLMOS 
43o5 ton Hero 
7 ) 3 T I I I 

NO srec 
A D M 
TCK TS 

"PUBLIC M M Y " 
J A M E S C A G N E Y 
1145-31o 
J E A N H A R L O W 
6 35 1o oo 

PLU S 

"DARN VICTORY" 
HUMPHRE^OGARMETT^AVI^^^ 

STARTS TUESDAY 
ADVENTISMS OF DOBIN NOOD 
C A P T A lN B iO O ^ ^ ^ ^ 

S T A R T S T H U R S D A Y 
TMK FOUNTAINHKAD 
TMK ROARING IQ's 

M P t V H W I l l t i t 

 leos joy » ; joe to t e | M M K i M ) Nr Tteetr* t r«-„ • i rn------- ^ f^i.. 
M f MTW rMvtflRNRTf UwJ 
MMU CBMLES 
TUMAS 

N O M IN A TED 

FOR 3 

ACAD EM Y 

AW ARDS 

M >t I HY* I l l t i t 

11:5o-1:3o-3 
5 5o-7 5o-9 5o 
I t jo in Mot in** 
IM UM ft«**olr* 
. tnt ptitmenc* *nty 

5o-3 SO 'N 
5o-9 5o 
I itw*** doily I c opec (Ty It I ne ne# enfy 
I 

Cousin Cousme is a marvelously earnest and tunny film.'' 

M I I I H d l l l H H R U t l l i i r i l l 
M i l — 
M i l I N 
I 
IMO ■ 

F b A R 1 I «M MM Me et IM It 
• I - 
MAT. 
IH M *o-4 IGA IDI \<y\o IO 

■ n ew COMEDY SIR!TCn | 
WALT DISNEY P M W C iM M i 
IFREAKYl 
I FRIDAY. 

I NORTHWEST SIX 

 im -M MOoe OOM*, io u 
CENTURY SMITH 
13 o o 3 o o - 4 o o 6 o o -4 o o 1 o oo 
CHATTER 

IMI 
MHtK 

M P I I H W I l l t a t t e U m i i y a 
I RMT Till mM I 
A W ate Or e* IM SA Ae 
AAA ASAI 
BOTH THEATRES 12;oo-2:oo-4 oo-4:oo-8oo-1o:oo 

THC N E W B X PUM CST P a n T ttE ftO f A l l ! 
PETER SELLERS BIAKE EDWARDS' 
THE PINK 
PANTHER STRIKES 
AGAIN" rn 

W O O D LA W N a & i i 

I AAA Me* te a t 
•AM 
*«*»*# Rd 

NO 

T a d ** 13 9 o 3 o 5 I U 
Xjfesoott iou janet 

) 15 3 55 4 35 * 15-7 55 9 95 

A 

" B O Y E * 
Clithe i a 

MAT. 

 ylX) 

MISTY BOTHOVUI V XZ 

7 .9o-11 SO 
I —Ml IA N D IL D O 
'• P I I %( H U N C J I P O O I 

. » > » . et Hew#** Me 
OW H i t 

SOMITIMI 
1o 3o 

O ISBListy 
IXPOSI MI 
LOVELY" (X) 

FRED. RD. YRAIL TOWN TWIN 
I HI OUCH 7 3o-1o:5o 
. 
JU M A 915 

"THROUGH 
THE LOOKING 
GLASS" a? 
(X ) 

 fU JU A V :.* p lu S 

A m t. 

Beethoven x “JSTg 

^ SMIMGWtO F f P T ! T H T T ^ " T < ^ R O U O IliN 
13 3o-3 35 L ^ JH H H H M IiM M l 
3 o5 5 15 1 3o 
6 45 9 5o 
>>« m k.m*"— 
>» 
) W j i j * <v 

S e n a t o r ? 
> i 

PLUS 
* ' ' T " 
OYOUNG PASSIONS ii) 

U 
U 
W 
E 
I M 
C l ] ^ 1 1 

IF all all 
M i SEATS im to •« wu,ibo<t> i>it 
696 )931 
SEA TS BA to'1.oo ACADEMY AWARD <1.oo# 
S 
WINNER JACK NICHOiSON 
o 
I i E J * * ” -] 

P f 
W 
TODAY: 1:15-5:3o-9:45 
& 
; J L 
Dustin Hoffm an 
^ 
^ W " l L 
. 
44 
3 35S 
PLUS 
“ I a n n v 
7:5oS? 
VALERIE PERRINE 
^ 
<R) & 

 f 
12^ oo - 2:oo I 
( I M U W 

 i t l l I H 
4 

___________________I MC MI. RAIHL! 
4 oo-6oo _____________ 
I OO-1 O OO 
I * M 6 M 
* » k 

THERE MUST FO REVER OE 
A G U A ROI A H 

AT THE GATE FR O * HEIL 
_ 
CHRIS SAR APON. CRISTINA RAINES 
ISS® sentinel 

W I S H O N 
• •KIM Ow'OOO* 
S A H I t N I 
OU 7 o o o * I M « 6 t*l 
4io ( *u*-« *•>• ta 
»»» JJU 
»■— iii *»»» 
AT ROTH ORIVE INS: l7 in 
FOR A m a M ULA!* MORI 121o 
L i, ,o 3o 
RAW in MMM 2:2o 

SPEND THE NIGHT WITH CUN T EASTW OOD 

FEW Do UARS 
MOtE 

"F1STFUU OF 

OOLIARS" 
ITI HJV 

SA N D I L D O l*t*ll KRUM Ok*6oo* ta. ».*••• 
I* 
•*. til* 
*..11 l l 
MAMMNCO 7 3o 11-35 
ROUM 9 55 

2 GREAT HITS WITH A U THE PASSION OF ROOTS ' 

 a a a l l C l 
M> *IH 
55 
F ROOTS 
DRUM 

JAMES MASON R SUSAN GEORGE I 

MANDINGO". 

KEN 
NORTON 
W ARREN 
OATES 

(■) 

 f 
SMARTIE 
1:3o 4:4o 
7:55 

H i 

WY P O H AWN 

I A l l 

VIXEN ll SS J IO 
*2o 
9 35 
'Smartie fonts {l) 
Voluptuous vixens *76lP 
* 

Mel, . 
Billy huddle 

Freni Page It 

 jni concerned,” Je n ­ nings said. ‘'Thfit* art* too many awards shows now. If a singer or mu­ sician |M)ints to winning an award — if that is his main purpose — lie could lose some of his interest in music. My main pro­ fessional interest is nim sic — singing. writing and performing. 
'A nyw ay,” ho said, 
"in my opinion awards hould go to the newcomers . 
. . the young talent.” 
Dottle West's tenure as 
<Goodwill Ambassador for 
( oca-Cola, which Intuit in 1972, has lx*en extend­ ed through 1977. Dottie’s 
<iulu s un ludo attending meet mgs, t om cut ions, etc. as Coke’s "Sunshine 
(b rl." 
Key Clark receives the prestigious “ Sp irit of 
Life Aw ard" from the 
City of Hope M e d ic a l* 
Center March 2*2 at a testim onial dinner i i i 
Tulsa. . . . Hee Haw re­ sident comedian Archie 
Campbell was "in d u ct' od" into Orlando, F l a ' s 
Stars of Fame. . . . 
We’re all getting older, 

 folks. 

The tither day Finest 
Tub!) became a great­ grandfather. A l>oy, liorn to Leah-Lisa Tubb < Mrs 
Jam es Beau) Harrow 
Mrs. 
Harrow is the daughter of singer Justin 
Tubb. . . , " I ’m not the oldest guy on the (Irand said I 
I ubbfe proud only to say great* 

 f MAUt 7 9o 
ANTIGONE 
♦ 95 

P A U L , 
L IS A & 

\ C 
A 
R 
O 
L I N 
E 

OU* Opry,’ 
"B u l I ’m 
I ’m the grandfather." 
Remember the Johnny 
& Jack team til Johnny 
W right anti tilt1 late Jack 
Angild? Au album fea­ turing the duo’s music and sound is in the works. Jo h n n y ‘s son. 
Hobby 
W rig h t, w ill pinch-hit for Anglin 
Some of the musician f who worked on Johnny A 
Jack recording sessions from 1947 t*» HUK) will 
—— 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
|dk 
IXPRtSS MW J SUNDAY MAGAllNt — March 6, 1977 PAGE 15 

I A C B ! A N L 
OUTDOOR ( N I A I i i 
1o:5o 

W H U i 
THI 
CATS 
OLI ANAY" (XL/ 

Sears 
SALE! New Golden Comfort® underwear. Now 8o% polyester and 2o% cotton 

Salt* priced thru Tuesday, March 22nd. 

Where America shops 

D o * m o * ii l* lu /u S l o r r 
M ili ln r ) H u m S|«»ri* 
C m I r u t P a r k S lim * h i AHS, KOLBO! K ANO CCI. 
S o |« d a « l Kl A m u r ™ 
III I M im m iiiIo ii Itll. 
S u n P e d r o Mi L i m p I I O 

, mw 
. 4 
D 
L 
M o o . an il I liurA. o :;»o-‘l 
M on . thru Sui. 
M o n . th ru S a l. 
Satisfaction Uuaranteea or Your Money Hack ah oilier ilu>* o;:to-o 
«*i3o-o o:.io-o 
Sears 

SANFOR 

CHARGE IT oil Sears* devolving Charge 

T i l l s x i i is u t u VI nm > 
It is Hacked by Sear* Advertising Policy which requires every advertised item to I k * supported in each store with sufficient merchandise . . . lf we should run out of any reduced price item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sale price. 
T his does not apply to so c ia l purchase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited. 

T-shirts, V-necks 
A-shirts or briefs 

 regular $ 6 .9 9 regular $ 5 .9 9 
99 

 pack of 3 
4" 
J L pack pack of 
3 

Wearing is believing 

Great w ash ab ility and ab sorb en cy. 8o'7 Golden TouchK 
Encron* polyester and 2o% cotton Supima(R. It’s really soft. 
Extra durability. All seams are sewn with strong polyester thread. Sanforknit". The fit you won’t wash away. Just ma­ chine wash and tumble dry. Generous length. Shirt won’t ride up or pull out. Smooth fit. Comfortable seamless body. 

PACI 16 EXPftfSS N W S SUNDAY M AGAZINf-M orch 6, 1977 

SAN ANTONIO 

Tatum a p p ro ve s: 
RYAN loves JONI 

'He’s warm and sensitive and I love him.’ 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PAGE 18 

 f 
\ 
U n d e rs ta n d in g y o u r 
Dreams 

 and w hat th ey m ean Pg I 3 

MAKE-UP ARTIST MARK TRAYNOR REVEALS 
‘W hat I’d do to Jackie' 
PAGE 7 

HOW TO TRACE 
YOUR OWN ROOTS 
Pg 

STARSKY & HUTCH FEUD-PAGE11 

SOCIALIZED NONSENSE 
DUNLEAVY COL. -PAGE 16 

DR. K & JILL ST 
PAGE 5 

HARTFORD BALLET COMING 
SII SUNDAY , 
MAGAZINE 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK ... 
• JODY POWELL discussing his job as President Carter s press secretary: “Some people nave a weakness for gambling, some for liquor, some for sex but others ge- their kicks out of baiting press secretaries.’’ 
• PROF. 
BERT 
(JORDON, nutritionist at Mills College, 
California: “People don’t eat with their stomachs, they eat with their minds and eyes, lf we ate what was good for us we'd be eating seaweed and plankton.” 
• PAUL 
NEWMAN, talking after his recent racing success­ es: “ If I could get the right car and backers, I think I could race at the Indianapolis 5oo and maybe even win.” 
• MAE WEST explaining why she is still sexy even as an oc­ togenarian: “ I can read a line wie way and get into trouble with the censors. Another ac­ tress can read the same line and nothing happens 
Maybe ifs just that I'm aware of sex.” 
• BIANCA JAGGER, talking about her acting career: “ I ve got to live down my frivolous rich girl image; to prove I really do want to work. I ve al­ ways wanted to act you know.” 
• 
GLORIA 
SWANSON. 
78, commenting on health and ag­ ing: "I would not choose a pauper for a financial advisor, so I will not listen to a fat. sick doctor tell me how to care for my body Where is the doctor win) has lived to be a hundred and then written a book on how he did it?” 
• DR. 
RICHARD T. 
RAP- 
POLT, who treats heroin and cocaine addicts: “ It is easier to get people off of heroin than coffee ” 
• HAMILTON JORDAN, Presi­ dent Carter s easy going assist­ ant, telling why he dodges the 
Washington social life: 
“I didn t bust my butt for four years to come up here and go to parties where I don’t even know the people and I’m sort of just there because I happen to work at the White House ” 

WHAT would 
Archie 
Bunker say, his wife all dressed up in a man s tuxedo to attend a benefit for a Black mayor? 
That’s the way it was when ac­ tress Jean Stapleton, of TV s All 
In The Family, attended a pre­ view of the stage musical Bub­ bling Brown Sugar (photo above). 
Proceeds went to help re-elect 
Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley. 
Said tongue-in-cheek Edith Bunk­ er: “I didnt tell Archie I was coming to anything like this.” 
Sammy signs Swede to add local support 

Know all your 

 hospital rights 

Cary Grant goes to England and someone lights his fire 

IT was all hugs and kisses when Cary Grant, 
Canada’s First Lady comes duces the perfumes and a fte rtu rn lotions he up short at White House 
Amy Gammon, who is in Cary’s arms in photo above, gushed “This is fantastic. I ve always wanted to meet this gorgeous m an- he’s even better looking than his pictures ” 
Gushed Grant. "The ladies are wonderful 
We had a great time.” 
Grant’s great time dkfen’t last. Later that night he had to flee his room when his hotel caught on fire. 

WHEN plans for a new Superman movie were announced, the best- built actors in Hollywood dashed to phone booths begging for the lead role. 
Picked from 2oo Caped Crusad­ er hopefuls: Chris Reeve, 24, a graduate of Cornell University and the TV soap Izive Of Life. 
“I’m 6-4 and weigh 19o,” Reeve said. “I also have a pilot's li­ cense.’ Which could come in han­ dy for the future fly-about super­ hero. 

SWEDISH singer Barbre Svensson (below) just wanted to meet her idol 
“I’ve been a fan of yours for 2o years,” she told Sammy 
Davis, Jr. 
Replied Davis: “ I’ve also heard of you and always wanted to meet such a talent 
If you’ll open my Scandinavian show, ITI follow you. I need local support.” The pair opened in Oslo. 

YOU still have rights, even in a hospital 
Tile American Civil Liberties 
Union says your hospital rights in­ clude: 
Refusing to see anyone you don’t want to see, having someone of your own sex present during examinations, being moved ic anither room if your roommate’! behavior disturbs you. stipulating that your medical records be reac only by those directly involve* with your treatment and refusing to be examined by anyone in lh< hospital at any time. 

“ I didn t think about wearing a short dress or wearing a long dress,” Mrs Trudeau said “ I was thinking about going to the White House 
“ This dress was part of my bridal trousseau and has much meaning for me ” 

Rosalyn! Carter, whose dresses also have been criti­ cized, wore a floor-length gown, as protocol dictates 

PAGE 2 
THE SAN AN TO NIO STAR— Morch 6, 1977' 
I r ?1V 

' • -i ■ 
I 
• 
I v . !! I f i c a * 
THI SAN ANTONIO STAR— March 6, 1977 
PAGI 3 

Steve Ford tries his buck luck on new weekly TV rodeo series 

Director of 
Diet Workshop 

Give yourself a reward for losing weight 

SAR Lois: 
With a sedentary t>. I have to take extra precau­ tions against gaining. On at least erne of my days off during the week. I make a long list of duties to do to keep me busy and keep my mind off food. 
Then I go all day without eating anything. I find if I once eat something, my appetite starts and 
I want to eat all day. 
Other days. I try to eat sensible foods instead of candy, cookies, etc. I eat vegetables, fruits, and meats. — E. II. Churubusco, Iud. 

NOW that his dad has ridden off into the sun­ set, it s Steve Ford’s turn to horse around. 
He’s just been signed to do a weekly TV se­ ries about rodeos 
“I’m not the best rodeo rider in the world,” said the ex-President’s son. “But I’m learn­ ing. 
“I ll just be one of the guys who will be in the show—not a star—but I’m looking forward to the new challenge.” • 

Hardy Boys girl tries out a different style 

LISA Eilbacher, 2o, who plays Calley in the 
Hardy Boys TV series, vamped for photo above, but confessed she was out of her style. 
“I prefer to be in blue jeans, a T-shirt, and on horseback,” she said. “The worst thing the world is being glamorous, fashionable, and chic all the time.” 

Model takes on fast assignment 
TOP fashion model Valerie Stack is always on the move in her na­ tive London, speeding from one assignment to the next on this high-powered motorcycle. 
But come August, the blonde daredevil is planning a really tough assignment—trying to beat the women’s world car land speed record at Bonneville Salt Fiats, 
Utah 
Valerie, 26, who ll drive a spe­ cially designed jet-powered racer, explains: “I earn good money modeling, but I spend it all rac- ing.” 

Pipe smoker warns: don’t miss with a Ms. 
WHEN pipe puffing* caused comment and 
“Mrs.” appeared on her nameplate, Rep. Mil- licent Fenwick (R-N.J.) issued this state­ ment: “Representative Fenwick insists on being addressed as Ms and has always smoked a pipe. She doesn't think it the least tot unfeminine.” 
She then taped a “Ms ” on her nameplate and Ut up (photo above). 

Walter Cavanagh is the credit cards king 

WALTER Cavanagh (photo at right) of Los 
Altos. Calif., collects credit cards the way other people collect stamps and coins. 
“The last time I counted them I had 8o5,” the 33-year-old chemist said “I’ve got 5o or more on the way and application forms for 
3oo more ” 
Cavanagh earns $27,ooo a year and has been turned down by only one company, a large va- riety-store chain 
“I only use two of the cards and keep the others locked away in a bank deposit box,” he said. 
Cavanagh cixiid have quite a ball if he un­ locked his plastic-card treasure. With his col­ lection, he could run up $9 3 million in bills in a single month from stores, hotels, gas sta­ tions, car rental agencies, and a vast assort­ ment of other businesses 

“ I may be crazy enough to collect them, but 
I’m not crazy enough to use them all,” Cavan agh said. 

And none of the companies is asking K-rits card back 

E.H.: Three cheers for a good solution. I have two thoughts to add. 
Don’t skip lunch; write it into your “chores for the day” and write down exactly what you will eat. F’.at only that and cross that chore off your list. 
You need lunch when you are phvsically working, particularly when you have a sedentary life. 
Second, give yourself a reward for each of these days — a non­ eating reward, like a night at the movies or whatever you value most! 

New recipe 

DF!AR Lois: Thanks for your chocolate candy bar recipe. 
I loved it. and it helps Do you have any similar recipes? — B.C., 
Bronx, N.Y. 
DF!AR B.C.: I am happy to pro­ vide another diet candy recipe. 
However, I must point out swee­ tening agents are necessary to make any type of candy. Non-nu­ tritive sweeteners are a subject of controversy right now. I use them when I require something sweet. 
I believe they are far less danger­ ous than sugar. 
OPERA ( REAVIS 
New Orleans, U.S.A. 
Two-thirds of a cup Alba Nonfat 
Dry Milk. 
1 1 teaspoon imitation butter flavoring. li teaspoon rum flavoring, 's teaspoon vanilla, i packs Sweet ’N Low, I table­ spoons water. 
Mix all ingredients together. 
Drop by teaspoon on foil or pan making 16 candies. Freeze. Do not thaw before eating. 

No magic 

DFIAR Lois: I have been send mg for alt the products I see on the market to lose weight, but it doesn't do any good. None at all 
Please, can you help me.’ I need to lose weight. — K.A., Walton 
Beach. F’la. 
DEAR K.A.: Weight loss doesn’t come in a bottle of pills or in magic wraps and belts. It comes from a sane, sensible, nutrition­ ally balanced diet. None of the de­ vices you see advertised will guarantee you a slim life. Accept that fact, then write to me and 1 11 set you on the right track, 

Angie and 
Burt back in tune, on stage, at least 

Margaux Hem ingway is all dressed up for a costum e ball in L.A . Husband Errol W at­ son prefers more sober gear. 

THAT 
ELEGANT actress 
ANGIE 
DICKINSON and her estranged hus­ band BURT BACHARACH will be back together again soon I'm told. But for the moment, only on stage. 
TV's Policewoman and the talented com­ poser will team up in a Broadway musical when they both have fulfilled current com­ mitments. 
Angie, 45. is to sing, dance and star in a so-far untitled musical which is being writ­ ten by her husband and his partner Hal 
David. 

Friends hopefully believe that the work­ ing relationship will bring the couple back together. 
Last week Angie flew to Lake Tahoe where Burt was performing on the piano iaed weekend and spent a secluc with her hus- 

Telly makes $75,ooo — in one day 

 band of ll years. It is the first time,say friends, the couple have been together since they split seven months ago. 
Actor DAVID JANSSEN, a close friend to both Angie and Burt, said that he believed there would be a reunion as the two super­ stars are so miserable separated. 
Angie told colleagues on THE STAR last week that she couldn't have an affair with a man unless she loved him. 
Janssen, currently filming on the set of an independent movie with Angie, added that Burt was now prepared to accept his actress wife was a star in her own right— 
(me of the main reasons for the original split. 
Friends are also quick to point out that 
Burt and Angie have been offered hundreds 
(rf thousands of dollars to make commer­ cials together. 
Gossip writer RONA BARRETT, who now calls herself an investigative reporter, is finding the acting business very trying. 
Appearing in MAE WEST’S new film, she stormed off the set after a blazing argument with the producer. 
In another pop flare-up, BOB 
DYLAN, half way through build­ ing his two million dollar home on the ocean at Los Angeles has tom it down after a row with his wife 
Sarah. Plans have been complete­ ly re-designed 

★ 
★ 
★ 

It could be goodbye to Welcome 
Back Rotter for actor RON PAL­ 
L I!/) who plays Horshak on the hit comedy TV show. ABC-TV boss FRED SILVERMAN is ex­ perimenting with the idea of building a half-hour show around the character of Horshak. He or­ dered an hour-long Rotter with 
Ron as the show’s star and was so impressed that writers have al­ ready started inking scripts around him. 
Silverman scored this way previously with 
Happy 
Days which gave birth to Laverne And 
Shirley. 

Despite denials from ROBERT 
REDFORD that he won’t be run­ ning for the Senate next year or any other year, his friends still belie*"? his political ambitions are much bigger than anything he could get out of acting. 
Remember Super Night at the 

IT PAYS to be a big star — especially if you’re of the star status of actor Telly Savalas. The Ko)ak hero was paid $75,ooo for one day’s work in the new movie ('apricom. The film, in which Telly plays a 

 pilot (see picture above!, concerns a phoney space shot to Mars, compliments of NASA and the I .S. government. The film, due to release in October, al­ so stars Karen Black and O.J. Simpson. 

MOST BABY DOCTORS FEEL THEY ARE 

YOUR baby’s doctor earns about 
$15.8o an hour — and considers himself underpaid 
A survey by the American Aca­ demy of Pediatrics Committee on 
Manpower showed most of the na­ tion’s pediatricians feel they don’t make enough money. 
Otherwise, they were generally satisfied with their work. Fewer than one in five considered him­ self overworked. 
The average pediatrician, ac- 

UNDERPAID cording to the survey, is 45 5 years of age, makes $158o an flour, works about 6o hours a week, and sees 32 patients a day. 

Those in rural areas saw fewer patients than urban pediatricians and earned about $8,ooo a year less income. 
Ninety-five percent of the pedia­ trician said thev would still be­ 

 come doctors if they had every­ thing to do over, but only 8o percent said they would still spe­ cialize in pediatrics. 

While 17 percent of the baby doctors felt they were too busy, I percent said they were not bus enough. Of those claiming to be too busy, 2b percent said it takes them a month or longer to sched­ ule an office visit for a patient 
Thirty percent said it lakes « week. 

Donny Most 
— known as 
“ Mouth" In 
TV’s Happy 
Days — hugs his actress girlfriend 
Kimberly Beck at the 
Country and 
Western 
Music Awards in Los 
Angeles. 
Donny has been a country music fan since he was a teenager, despite his television fascination with rock and roll. 

Angie Dickinson: In tune with 
Burt Bacharach again. 

Robert 
Shaw: 
He’s battling to stay off the booze. 

Super Bowl, a CBS show with lots of celebrities the night before the big game9 Well now we may have 
Super Night at Forest Hills. They are trying to persuade Redford to host the venture. 
A 26-year-old Iranian million­ aire has handed TELLY SAVA­ 
LAS a cool $2 million to finance his film Theo Mati. Telly will make the movie with his race horse partner HOWARD KOCH. 
MUHAMMAD ALI is to be mar­ ried for the third time—to long­ time girlfriend 
VERONICA 
PORCHE at a Muslim ceremony in Chicago. The 23-year-old for­ mer beauty queen is already mother to his six-month-old daughter Hana. And AU has other 

 by W inston Daniel 

★ THE latest Washington whisper is that young AMY CARTER (right), the Presi­ dent's daughter, is so unhappy at her public school that the White House has sent out discreet inquiries to the elite, private National Cathedral 
School to see if Amy can enroll there next year. 

Warren Beatty escorts Kathleen Rice to a Hollywood pre­ miere. But despite Warren s Romeo reputation, there s no romance here. Kathleen is sister of California Governor 
Jerry Brown — and very happily married. 

 plans underway He is still talk­ ing of “one more fight to make some money” and will almost certainly star in a remake of On 
The Waterfront 
Not liking to be beaten at any­ thing. he is busy taking lessons at backgammon after being heavily defeated in a weekend tourna­ ment in Miami. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
More tales of love and m ar­ riage: RICHARD BURTON has fallen in love with his new toy— the world’s most powerful transis­ tor radio of which he is now the 

 proud owner. He uses it to listen to the British Broadcasting Corpo­ rations’ programs from England 
“Once in Africa,” says Burton, 
“ I tuned in and heard myself re­ citing a poem with an announcer wishing me a happy birthday aft­ erwards. I didn t even know it was my birthday.” 
RICHARD HARRIS can’t offer you a drink in his home unless it’s soda. 
His wife, model 
ANN 
TURKEL, threw every bottle out aryl now be s quit.______________ 

Column contributions by 
Charles 
Comer. Robin Leach, Philip Finn. 

Our photographer caught Andy 
Williams and his girlfriend 
Penny Laurie where the golfing action is — at the recent Los 
Angeles 
Open. Andy is now expected to announce engagement to Penny in the Spring, 
His ex wife 
Claudlne 
Longet, recently found guilty of 
Killing her lover, awaits a 3o-day jail sentence. 

Kissinger and Jill St. John get facts straight 

FORMER Secretary of State HENRY KISSINGER has been staying in the Beverly Hills home of producer BOB EVANS. Ex- girlfriend actress JILL ST. JOHN visited him while he was there to talk about the memoirs they are both writing. They wanted to check with each other that both had got their facts straight. 
NHC executives meanwhile are hoping RIX K HUDSON will de­ cide to continue with the McMil­ lan series next season. While the television boys wait anxiously for a decision. Rock, who earned a staggering $16 million for six epi­ sodes. has taken off for a sea cruise with actress CLAIRE TRE­ 
VOR. 

★ 
★ 
★ 

A spring marriage looks defi­ nite for actress BRITT EKLAND, long-time steady of singer ROD 
STEWART. She has been seen driving around Beverly Hills in a new Silver Cloud Rolls-Royce and assuring friends the two will be united shortly. 
Hollywood’s latest fad appears to be giving up liquor. ROBERT 
SHAW will pick up $1o,ooo if he can stay on the wagon for three months. He has bet his agent he can more easily stay off the booze than his agent can lose 
IOO pounds. 

JACKIE GLEASON is off the hard stuff these days and further­ more, he has finally settled his 

Henry Kissinger: Is writing his memoirs. 

 dispute with ART CARNEY on where to film the Honeymooners 
Special. Jackie wanted it filmed in Miami, Art wanted it filmed in 
I/)s Angeles. They settled on neu­ tral territory, l,as Vegas. Filming begins later this month. 
Friends have been so concerned with RITA HAYWORTH'S emo­ tional state that they have rallied around and come up with two films for her. 
One of the films to be produced is by Lucky Lady producer MIKE 
GRUSKOFF. He is planning a re­ make of Rita’s Gilaa, a huge hit in the forties, with a slightly older 
Rita taking the starring role. 

STEWART GRANGER who s been a virtual recluse in Spain for four years is another aging star itching to get back onto the screen. He's so keen to work he is planning to sell his $4 million 
Spanish ranch and get back to 
Hollywood 
Has Kelly a meal on his mind? 

ITS hard to tell lf Kelly the crocodile has dinner on his mind. Bul any sm art little chick knows that the way to avoid being eaten by a crocodile is to use your head — or preferably, Kelly’s. The unusual friendship began two years ago at the Windsor Safari 
Park in England. 

PAGE 6 
THI SAN ANTONIO STAR— March 6, 1977 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

DURING a coffee break at our office, we were discussing what we would do if we won the million dollar prize in the lottery. 
One said she d go around the world, another wanted to buy a huge house, another wanted furs. 
One of our workers didn’t say anything, so 
I asked: 
“ What would you do with a million dol­ lars?” 
“ Id go buy a gallon of ice cream and eat the whole thing,” she said “Otherwise I d do about what I’m doing now.” 
A collection was quickly taken up and for $3.79, our co-worker became an instant millionaire.— 
Mrs. David A. Roth, New Hyde 
Park, N.Y. 

T h ick-skin n ed 

WHILE I was babysitting, my next door neighbor’s five-year-old son suddenly tripped and fell. 
Worriedly, I asked if he was all right. 
“Oh, 
I'm fine,” he replied. 
“ I ve got my tough skins on ’— 
Lynne Krug, Seattle, Wash. 

 fin*n(id s Ix'st 

AS far as I'm concerned, the day 
Rhoda went from her Cinderella image to a polished cover girl was the day the show went stale. 
But there s one saving grace — her kid sister, Brenda. 
Julie Kavner s a jewel as her comical, overweight sister and 

We made our friend a millionaire in an instant 

Julie Kavner: She’s the saving grace of TV’s Rhoda. 

 constant companion. Brenda, who has a passion for chocolate cream pies and can never seem to get the guys, adds a funny, human element to an otherwise routine show. 
It’s nice to see women on TV who are successful in love and money, of course, but it s even ni­ cer—and easier to relate to—one who just bumbles along but is happy, too.—Geraldine Poshky, 
Poughkeepsie, N.Y. 

 ta n n ed chaos 

SOMEONE suggested that when a couple gets married, the bride­ 

 groom should be given a shower as well as the bride. Well, that happened when my brother got married. 
The fellows where he worked gave him a shower of canned fruits and vegetables. The stinger was that they removed all the la­ bels so he and his bride started their married life with some eigh- ty-odd cans of ???.—Mrs. B.L. 
Bell, Kerrville, Tex. 

I ipvff ’ 

I RECENTLY was hired as a waitress, and on the wall of our dressing room is this notice: 
“ Remember good service. Money doesn’t grow on trays."—Anne 
Dwyer, Chicago, 111. 

Sm art dog 

THIS morning my seven-year-old daughter Marlene and I were waiting for the mailman to arrive with my check for a part time job when my clothes dryer clicked off in the basement. 
She said: “There’s the mail­ man.” 

I replied that I knew it wasn’t because our dog didn’t bark. 
“Well,” she said, “you have to watch out for him because some­ times he gyps you and barks at a bird.”—Mary E. Johnson, Omaha, 
Neb. 
Name game 

WE were traveling in the Canadi­ an province of Newfoundland and 

 found some of the towns certainly have unique names. 
Get these: 
Come-By-Chance, 
Blow-Me-Down, 
Empty Basket^ 
Bread and Cheese, Confusion Bay’ 
Run-By-Guess, Jerry’s Nose, and 
Joe 
B atts 
A rm —Barbara 
M. 
Asselstine, 
Kingston, 
Ontario, 
Canada. 

Hot'sing a nm nd 

WHEN we were first married, my husband and I had a small apart­ ment. One day I spent the entire day re-arranging everything, in­ cluding pictures, furniture, etc., leaving only a small pair of orna­ mental horses in their original position. 
When my husband came home, 
I asked if he noticed anything dif­ ferent. 
He looked around and said: “ Yes, you’ve moved my horses ’’—Ingrid Houseman, Min­ neapolis, Minn. 
Blazing stuntman drops 
8o feet to a new record 

Child’s tooth fairy smelled very much like Mommy 

’i 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 teeth I had saved through the years, after taking them from un­ der their pillows. 
One of my grandsons spotted the pile of teeth and exclaimed: 
“Oh, Grandma, you found the tooth fairy’s hiding place!’—Jose­ phine O, 
Martinez, 
Cheyenne, 
Wi 

MY five-year-old son lost one of his baby teeth and was looking forward to a visit from the tooth fairy. 
The next morning he came run­ ning into the kitchen with a dollar and a sad look on his face, and I asked him what was wrong. 
“Mommy, there’s no such thin] as the tooth fairy," he erie 
“This dollar smells like your pocketbook! ’’—Mary 
Barone, 
Brooklyn, N Y. 

He's com e ted 

ONE day while painting the front porch of our house, my son kept asking to help me and finally, I let him. 
After a few minutes I said, 
“Son, you are missing a lot of cor­ ners and cracks.” 
He said: 
“ Daddy, I don’t like to paint those nicks and crangles ’’—Gene Ash­ craft, Rivervale, Ark. 

Hiding place 

ONE afternoon I was cleaning my china closet and had emptied the contents of a little brown pitcher so I could wash it. 
It was the collection of my chil­ dren’s and grandchildren’s baby 
PLEASE PRAY FOR... 
MY FRIEND . . . who is 23 and dying of cancer. Please, God, let her live—Sandy, Glen Ellyn, III. 
MY BABY daughter 
. who weighs only I lb 15 oz. that she keep get­ ting strong and healthy and I can bring her home —Denise Varnedoe, 
Winter Park, Fla. 
MY BROTHERS and sisters . . that they will be safe from harm until my dad gets home from the hospital —Debbie, Millville, Mass. 
MY SON . . . who was bom with cerebral palsy, that he might someday be able to run and play like other children.—Connie Dean, Greensburg, 
Iud. 
MYSELF . . , that my husband’s relatives leave soon, or I can get away and get some peace—Name Withheld, Huntington, W. Va. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

 leave, she always gives them a bag of candy. 
One day our six-year-old grand­ son said to me: “Grandpa, you're the luckiest guy I know. You get to live with Grandma all the time.”—C.W. Conrs, Sr., Indian­ apolis, Ind. 

MY niece was teasing her small brother about stuttering and he protested: “ I don’t stutter. Ifs just that the words come out of my mouth folded up ’—Gertrude l^Blanc, Lockport, La. 

Lucky (hand/Mi 

OUR grandchildren adore their grandmother. When they come to visit, she gives them cookies, lets them run and play, never yells or corrects them, and when they 

( in rn/ted quartets 

ESCORTING our daughters home from kindergarten, my neighbor and I overheard this conversa­ tion: “ We only have five beds in our house Us four kids each have our own bed. That s why my mother has to sleep with my fa­ ther ’’—Mrs. Fred Welsch, York, 
Pa. 

Tho Brim nies 

THE name Brownie was a nick­ name of my husband s. Our new dog was a brown shepherd, so the name Brownie quickly became his name too. 
One day, our neighbor’s three- year-old Michelle spotted my hus­ band coming up the street and called to her mother: “ Mommy,” here comes Brownie, The one with the two legs.”—Mrs. Earl F. 
Brown, Essex, Md. 

$5 
FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

We pay $5 for each letter printed. 
Address your letters to whichever section you are writing to: Things 
Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply Liveliest Letters, followed by San Antonio Express, P.O. Box 
2171, San Antonio, Texas 78297. 
I here is no payment or fee for prayer requests. 
Oar Robinson: He does Steve 
McQueen’s film falls. 

FALLING from high places is all in a day’s work for a good stunt­ man But Dar Robinson does it while he’s on fire. 
The stunt doubles his risk of dying He chances not only miss­ ing his target on the ground, but burning to death. 
Robinson admits each of his jumps scares the wits out of him. 
“ I’m probably more frightened than anyone else,” he says. 
“ When you’re falling, a small breeze can intensify your heat by several hundred degrees and your hottest point is just before im­ pact, where the temperature goes up to 2,ooo degrees ” 
Robinson is shown above during an 8o foot flaming drop he made recently. It set a new world fire- fall record. 
He also holds the world record for a non-fiery free fall—213 feet- 
—and plans, within two years, to fall a mile onto an air cushion. 

What I’d do to Cher Jackie and Liz 

 shoulder length in the back and short around the face, and then blown dry in a windswept mood. 
“ False lashes are still used, but they are much shorter and more natural than her usual ones. 
“ A rosy bronzing gel adds to the outdoor effect, giving Cher that let s be natural 1977 look 
Jackie On assis: “She once set a stele with her bouffant hairdo, but slie hasn t set a trend since. For a woman as highly publicized as she is. she has done very little const met ively with her life. 
But there is hope for her. At least, she has gone back to work 
Maybe* next year she can edge back off ttic? Imperfect List ” 
The newlook Jackie: 
“ Hair­ style is the big change I d cut it short at the nape and have it swiveled about tile head i i i boyish abandon. 

Beauty expert lists them among the world’s most imperfect women, and names the six most perfect... 

Farrah 
Catherine 
Princess 
Carol 
. 
Blanca 
Fawcett 
Deneuve 
Yasmin 
Burnett 
Jagger 

"Contouring and highlighting are essential to soften her square blunt features Sides of the nose are shaded with brown shading cream for a sculptured effect 
The jawline is treated in the same manner 
“ A combination of fawn and moc ha shading powder is dusted in the hollows of the cheek, while the he ight of the c heekbones are accentuated with a glowing cream. Lyes are rimmed in char­ coal and the eyebrows thinned out and gently curved " 
Elizabeth 
Taylor: 
“ Passe makeup and hairdos are unfor- giVeable sins in the* world of beau­ ty It s one thing to develop one s own look, but another to stick to outdated fashions such as thick eyeliner and bouffant hairdos. 
“These dated styles only tend t<» make Liz look older than sin* is.' 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 
TOP makeup artist 
Mark 
Tray nor this week painted an unflattering picture of some of the world's most famous beau­ ties. 
And heading the list of those* most urgently in need of a glam­ orous new- Uiok are Cher. Jackie 
Onassis and Elizabeth Taylor. 
Traynor. a professional makeup artist who creates looks for TV personalities and models, rates them as his Imperfect Women be­ cause they don't make the most of their looks In the same category. he puts Barbra Streisand. Zsa Zsa 
Gabor and country superstar Dol­ ly Barton. 
His list of Perfect Women—who do make the most of their looks— is topped by Farrah Fawcett Ma­ jors. and includes Catherine De­ neuve, Princess Yasmin. Carol 
Burnett. Bianco Jagger and Afri­ can model I man 
Traynor said his 
Imperfect 
Women are not beyond hope 
Here, he explains just what is wrong with the Big Three— Cher. 
Jackie and Liz—and describes the new look he* would give each. 

Cher: “Cher is like an old silent movie star who keeps the same look for decades, lier makeup, the impossibly false lashes, the shiny face, and long, straight hair are all Mid-HOs 
“ Even her teenage fan imita tors have dropped the look It s time for Cher to do the same 
Tilt* new-look Cher: “ For her everyday life, we changed her from a sultry W)s type to an out* doorsy and casual Cher. 
“ Her hair is lightened, cut 

TRAYNOR’S OTHER IMPERFECTS' 

Barbra 
I 
MMfW. 
I 
Streisand: 
[ ^ X 
T- I “Th** Aln* 

 f 
, 
~ bring her 
L 
\ d fl up to date 
W * we left her 
J hair long 
I - 
1 a 
J and loose. aah tapered around the 
^ hairline,” 
Dolly 
Patton: “Out- 
Zsa 
Zsa 
Gabor: says Mark landish appearance.” 
” Foo!ish facade.*' 
Traynor. 

CHER. JACKIE ONASSIS AND LIZ TAYLOR—AS MAKE-UP ARTIST MARK TRAYNOR WOULD HAVE THEM LOOK 

 frost-dusted over the fullness of the cheekbone. 
“The eyes are contoured with a deep brown crayon and the depth of the eyelid deepened with plum shadow." 

Traynor. who also heads his own cosmetics firm, is more doubtful whether anything can be done for the other two beauties on his Imperfect list. 
Of Zsa Zsa Gabor he says: 
“What can one say of this perenni­ al beauty who wears the facade of a 2o-year-old girl of the 5os and speaks foolishly and continuously aoout her men and her jewels? As for the clothes—forget it'” 
Of Dolly Barton: “ Supposedly all country-Western singers try to look this way because rural wom­ en think this is the way to look 
Unless the overdone w igs and out­ landish outfits are tongue-in- cheek, Dolly is either patronizing or without taste " 
Here is how Traynor rates his 
Perfect Women: 

Farrah Fawcett-Majors: “The perfect example of the contempo­ rary look Natural looking beauty, great smile with a sexual charis­ ma The first possible contender for super stardom since Marilyn 
Monroe. 
Catherine Deneuve: “ Absolute perfection as far as classic good looks, almost too perfect to bt* sexual, although she makes a good attempt al it She is today’s answer to Helen of Troy 
Princess Yasmin: “ As her pedi­ gree suggests (she s the daughter of Rita Hayworth and the late Aly 
Kahn). she was born into sh Ic 
She has dashing, youthful g<*»d looks rn a darkly beautiful way.” 
Carol Burnett: “ A marvelous personality, great charm and tai ent make her less than perfect' features beautiful to all wlto are exposed to them " 
I man: “ Africa s contribution to the New York scene is completely different from any other model around 
With lier tall, slender body, elongated neck, and tiny, diamond shaped face, she is Net- fertiti reborn.” 
Blanca Jagger: “ In the world of the 'beautiful people , Blanca stands out by tearing nothing and setting trends with her lu»ks as well as her attitudes." 

Tile new look Liz: “ Little face lift tapes could be* used at the hairline to raise her eyelids The same type of lift placed in front of the* ears will pull up any slack in the jawline 

“ Hair is cut shortish and brushed forward and then back in a contemporary manner. 
The hairstyle also serves to hide the tapes. 

“ In the eye area, the old heavy eyeliner is dispensed with and re­ placed by the new smudged eye effect that is so vastly becoming to brunettes. A black crayon is used for this purpose and softened with a Q-Tip 
“ Eyebrows are thinned out. lightened one shade and softly arched." 
Barbra 
Streisand: 
“Once a smashing trendsetter. Barbra no longer makes homely look beauti­ ful 
Maybe a course in how to make friends and influence people and a new hairdresser, would help 
"P S , Barbra, the Afro hairdo is out—even in Africa 
Th** newlook 
Barbra 
(panel lefti: “ Her hair has always been 
Barbra's outstanding beauty fea­ ture To bring lier up to date, we left her hair long. though tapered around the hairline, dressed loose 
Iv, coiled and brushed always from Hie face. 

“ Her cheekbones are played up. modeled with bronze shading pow­ der and highlighted with a white 

RICH OTY AXES 
PROPERTY TAX 
THE 1,5oo residents of Hercules have more money than they know what to do with. 
So the town is planning to abol­ ish its property tax. 
The small California hamlet un­ expectedly received a sales tax windfall of $5oo,ooo from the state. 
The windfall, almost equal to the city's total annual budget, came about when a local oil refi­ nery moved its sales office to 
Hercules. 
The change triggered a state law which requires sales taxes be levied in the city from which a product is sold. 
During the next year, Hercules sales tax revenue is expected to grow to $1.5m. Last year, it to­ talled $7,ooo. 

Copycat terrorists a new threat to our cities, warns an expert 

THE RECENT rash of violent sieges and shoot-outs by gunmen could have been predicted, says a top authority of terrorism. 
Prof. Anthony Cooper, who was director of the now-defunct Na­ tional Advisory Committee Task 
Force on Terrorism, told THE 
STAR that ordinary hoodlums are now copying the techniques of po­ litical terrorists. 
“ I do a great deal of work in this field as advisor to various po­ lice departments and recent events have been anticipated in our reports." 
Prof. Cooper, who is Professor of Law at American University, 
Washington, DC., said the new breed of terrorists were in two classes: 

• Bank robbers and other crim­ inals who realized that hostage- taking and other terrorist tactics could give them bargaining lever­ age 
• Psychopaths who had reached breakdown point and were trig­ gered by stories of other terrorist acts. 
Prof. Cooper said the psycho­ paths usually were suicidal — like 
Nazi fanatic 
Frederick Cowan who gunned down five victims during a murderous siege at New 
Rochelle, N Y . last month before killing himself. 
“I think Cowan was unwilling to 

PETITE Caroline Kennedy (left) is the center of attraction after pumping hands with muscleman Arnold Schwarzeneg­ ger Tnev came face-to-face at a benefit screening in Boston, 
Mass of his new body building movie, Pumping Iron. 
The 6-ft 2-in, 22o-pound gentle giant, who has a 57-inch chest and 22-inch biceps, chatted with 19-year-old Caroline for several minutes. Austrian-born Schwarzenegger, 29, has given up body building competition for acting. 

 pull the trigger on himself at the start," said Prof. Cooper. 
“He needed not merely the stimulus of action, he needed an antagonist to rationalize the tak­ ing of his own life as a defiant act. 
“So it is possible that strong ac­ tion taken against these sort of people can spur them on, rather than being a deterrent. 
“Taking hostages gives psycho­ paths a feeling of power. It is very, very necessary for these people with stunted and damaged egos to see that at least once in their life they are absolutely on top of the situation. 
“ But it is very dangerous to ge­ neralize: generalizations tend to become recipes' for handling these situations. 
“Certainly many of these cases are exhibitionists. The media is either requested to be present by these people or its presence is noted, and they play to the gal­ 

 lery. 
“One problem you're up against is that each of these indi­ vidual cases has to be very rapid­ ly classified. 
“ If you make the wrong appre­ ciation of the situation your re­ sponse will obviously set off the chain of violence you are trying to avoid." 
Prof. Cooper said that the prob­ lem for these copycat terrorists who hoped to profit from a siege situation was how to get safely out of it. 
In the Indianapolis incident — when Anthony Kiritsis. 44. wired a shotgun to the neck of a realtor who he said had cheated him — it really appeared, for a while, that 
Kiritsis had solved this problem 
"And I think to a certain extent that this, more than anything else, brought on this rash of inci­ dents." said Prof. Cooper. 
“But when people realize that there is just no solution, this dies out very quickly.” 
NEW LAW PROTECTS YOU 
IF YOU BUY A LEMON’ 

A NEW federal rule is helping wage war on dealers who sell t'onsumers a “ lemon." 
The rule, in effect, lets you withhold payments if the item you're buy­ ing on credit doesn't work. 
Thus, sour bank or finance company becomes a powerful ally with you in forcing the dealer to back up what he sells. 
Prior to the rule, the lender could get his money whether your purchase worked or not. Now he can't. 
Henry Tarrant, of the Illi­ nois Consumer Protection League. sud theres one major caution about the new rule. 
It applies only when the dealer handles or arranges your financ­ ing — not. for example, when you get your own loan from a bank or reait union and pay him cash. 

As a result, Tarrant told THE 
STAR, the rule makes dealer-ar- 

G R E A T N E W S 
F O R D I E T E R S : 

 ranged financing the consumer s tiest deal in most cases, even inough it costs slightly more in interest. 

Walter Diercks, deputy assist­ ant director of the Federal Trade 
Commission, which wrote the new rule, pointed out it s still impor­ tant to try for a negotiated settle­ ment of your complaint. 
While the rule lets you withhold payments equal to the amount of your claim, the lender can still re­ possess your purchase and you may not get a final judgment in your favor until long afterward, 
Diercks said. 
The strength of the rule, he said, is that it puts the lender where he doesn't want to be — in a fight between you and the deal­ er, with his money in the balance 
In cases of legitimate claims, he said, the lender will usually be on your side and help you out 

Another 
7-day 

W eight 

Watchers 

 menu and recipes 

IN T H E S T A R 
N E X T W E E K 

He’s wild about ow ls 

A HIGH-POWERED New York executive who heads his own industru design firm has a strange obsession — owls. 
Stephen Leigh, a 45-year-old part-time sculptor whose work has bee bought for many collections, spends most of his out-of-office boul recreating the birds from many exotic materials. 
In his Manhattan apartment, Leigh and his family are surrounded b owls made from nuts and bolts, driftwood, plexiglass, eggshells an even a pizza-pie-cutter. 
So far none of his owls — priced from $5o-$5oo have sold But Leigh i i not worried. “ I do them for love of ait.” he told THE STAR. 

OJtWjF 9 

,Att" • 
PITEK* » 

JM»U% 

 t A H A R O N 

.m*** 

Nl« 

Spring will be delayed, say the nation’s leading weathermen 

IH E WEATHER, prospects don t look too bright for spring and summer, ac­ cording to the country's leading weathermen. THE STAR asked them to predict the weather for those areas now beset by ice fin the North! and drought (in the West). 
The only people with grounds to be hap­ py are vacationers who see a long, dry 
California summer as a blessing 
Forecasters see no let up in the drought there, which means any time is good for a 
California vacation, as long as you re pre­ pared for water rationing and other hard­ ships that may develop as the drought continues. 
If you’re going to'vacation elsewhere. 
July is the best month, according to all but one of the forecasters THE STAR consult­ ed. 
Judson Hale, of the highly-respected and traditionally accurate Farm er s Almanac, said: ‘ There will bt* plenty of hot.- dry weather in July - great beach weather. But we are expecting rain in August.” 
Gordon Barnes, meteorologist for KTOP 
(part of CBS network) in Washington had similar advice for prospective beach vaca­ tioners. 
‘‘Particularly if you are on the east 

I 
By MEREDITH CHAPLIN 

 coast.” he said. “July will be the better month.” 
The weather outlook is much the same for those planning a camping or fishing va­ cation in the great outdoors. 
The Rocky Mountain States, for exam ­ ple. will probably be fine in July but rainy in August, according to the Farm er's Al­ manac forecasters. 
A not lier reliable source. Barry Schilit. of Weather Trends 
Inc. which is internationally renowned for accuracy irt long-range forecasting, pre­ dicts cool summer weather and rain in the 
Rockies. The bad news is that he thinks 
July will be no exception 
For those in or heading tor the South, 
July again has the best prospects. The 
Farm er's Almanac sees rainier skies in 
August. 
Barry 
Schilit predicts cooler w eatherm an normal throughout the south­ ern summer. 
For people who cannot take their vaca­ tion in July there's just one piece of advice from the forecasters Go west (preferably southwest!. No one forsees much rain for the drought-stricken areas of California. 
"It will be great for vacationers, those who want outdoor living.” said Schilit. 
"and miserable for farm ers.” 
Schilit 

 pointed out. however, that because of the dryness, there will bt- greater danger of forest fires in California 
This means the state will be closing some of the more vulnerable camping areas to visitors — so if you re a camper, even a California vacation could prove disappointing. 
North of California, where Julv and Au­ gust normally are very dry. there will be somewhat more thunderstorm activity than usual. 
“ Picnickers and other participants in outdoor activities." Schilit pointed out. 
“will appreciate these showers." 
If you're planning to take your vacation during the spring, be careful it isn’t washed out 
Though the official start of Spring is 
12:43 p m (EST) on March 2o. the season is expected to be delayed three to four weeks in most parts of the country 
And flooding, with its hardships, is al­ most certain. 
“ It will be a late spring east of the Rock­ ies and north of the Mason-Dixon line," 
Schilit said. 
“ And flooding will be severe around the 
Ohio River Valley. Pennsylvania and west­ ern New York State." 
The weathermen also believe Spring will bring heavy rains in the South 

* * I IT 

■ A U O t ty 

Ofwvi. 

 frODCfCifr 
KT LOUI* 

A MARIO.® 
U U U AOLI 

 r n v * 

# 
O AUA I 
* 
I t M i© 
A Al LAMI 
** R l* tr O # T notionviux 

MOU > TOA 
# bd 
AM TOM. O 
***+■ 
- iWk-, .... f TMM 

A: 

TO HELP you plan your vacation. 
THE STAR asked one of the na­ tion’s leading forecasters to make a region-by-region weather pre­ diction. 

Here are the conditions Barry 
Schilit of Weather Trends Inc. says you can expect in your area during the forthcoming 
Spring and Summer. 
I. 
NORTHEAST: 
March and 
April will average on the cold side of normal yet afternoon readings in New York will reach 
65 degrees the last week of March and 78 the third week of April. 
A wet trend anticipated in 
March, coupled with existing snow cover, will produce flooding. 
May will finally average warmer in most vulnerable locations, than normal despite cool, show­ ery conditions the first IO days 
Several afternoons near mid month will warm to 85 at Wash ington and Philadelphia. 
Ju n e. July and August will gen­ erally average close to normal in temperature and rainfall. Howev­ er. rainfall during these summer months is primarily erratic show er activity and amounts will vary. 
2. 
GREAT LAKES MIDWEST: 
Cold wet weather should predomi­ nate in March except for Illinois where precipitation will average below normal. Eroding should be anticipated, particularly in east em parts of this zone Minimum temperatures at Chicago will reg ister near 18 degrees as late as the third week 
The cold trend will persist in 
April but drier conditions are an­ ticipated. May will turn warmer but there will be extremely wide temperature fluctuations At Chi­ cago. low readings during the first week will fall to 35 while rn 

 the last third of the month, after­ noon temperatures will rise to 88 
May will be wetter than usual in 
Kentucky, drier in 
Wisconsin. near normal elsewhere. June will be wet in areas near the Great trikes, but July will be drier than normal in most sections, Fewer extreme hot days are anticipated this July than in the past few years in Illinois, Indiana. Ohio and Kentucky. 
Normally, 
August rainfall is spotty, but this year expect the wet pattern to be more consistent. 
Temperatures will be hotter in 
Kentucky and southern Indiana, slightly cooler in Wisconsin and 
Michigan The August wet trend will intensify hay fever season 
3. 
SOUTHEAST: March will he generally dry except for the southern tip of Florida Tem pera­ tures will average near normal, ranging from 25 to 77 degrees at 
Atlanta, and 48 to 88 at Miami. 
Wet weather is due to return in 
April in a zone from New Orleans to Cape Hatteras while Southern 
Florida will revert to drier condi­ tions. Northern sections will be slightly cooler than usual 
Tne wet pattern will expand in 

May except for Southern Florida while temperatures will average near normal or slightly warmer 
The Carolinas will turn relatively dry in June but other areas will record near normal rainfall Wet weather with near normal or slightly cooler temperatures is the general outlook for July. 
August will be comparatively dry in Florida and near normal elsewhere, suggesting little, if any. early season tropical storm activity. 
Temperatures will be hotter in the Carolinas and Ten­ nessee. close to normal else where 
4. NORTH CENTRAL: Relative to normal cold will persist in east­ ern sections in March but loca­ tions near the Rockies will bt* slightly milder. Parts of Kansas and Missouri will be dry; Mon­ tana and South Dakota will be welter. 
Dry weather will continue in farm areas from Denver to St liouis, w’hile previously dry spots in Montana, the Dakotas and Min precipitation 
May will be com putatively cool in western sec dons. Wyoming will be wet but 
Minnesota, 
Iowa and eastern 

 em will 

 parts of Nebraska and the Dako­ tas will be drier than normal 
Cloudiness and showers will pro­ duce a wet and cool June 
July and August will record less extreme heat than usual Minne­ sota and Iowa will be dry in July, wetter in August 
Montana arid 
Wyoming will be more showery in 
July than in August. 
3. 
SOUTH CENTRAL: 
March will be dry except for the south- tip of Texas. Temperatures be w anner in Texas and 
Louisiana, near normal 
It will turn wetter rn April from 
San Antonio east, although New 
Mexico and the El Paso area will be dry Most of this region will be colder than usual in April. 
The wet trend will persist in 
May from San Antonio and Okla­ homa City east, while tem pera­ tures w ill average on the cool side. 
Shortly after mid-May, Dallas will warm up to 9o degrees. 
Fewer extrem e hot days than usual are due during June, July and August, so the “cool” trend is expected to persist for five mourns despite frequent reading in the middle to high 9o s. 

THIS figure flattering one-piece swimsuit, an Anne Collins design from Bobbie Brooks, bares the shoulder with thin halter straps. 
Two pastel shades stripe tile ban­ deau bra. contrasting with a third marshmallow tone in the body. 
Ifs made of sueded C'aprolan ny­ lon simplex. It sells for around S3. 

The wet pattern for April and 
May is also expected to continue, particularly in the eastern half. 
6. NORTHWEST: Pacific storms brought relief to this drought- stricken region in February and this pattern is expected to contin­ ue in March and April But water shortages will still exist in many locations. Temperatures in March and April will be slightly milder than usual 
May will turn drier and slightly cooler than normal while June will be very dry 
July and August are normally very dry in this zone, hut this summer we expect a bit more thunderstorm activity 
Slightly warmer temperatures these months. 
7. SOUTHWEST: February rain may have raised hopes the water crisis in California and adjoining parts of other states will ease 
Conditions however, are ex­ pected to deteriorate further. 
March and April are the last two months of the wet season in this region, and while an occa­ sional Pacific storm will enter land via 
California, rainfall amounts to average below nor trial. 
From May through August, eon- diturns will fie extremely dry 
Temperatures in the spring and summer will average slightly warmer than normal in Califor­ nia. near normal to the east 
Probability of forest fires will rise sharply in the months ahead. 

The continued drought will not only affect farm ers and residents of California, it will cost consum­ ers everywhere billions in in­ creased food costs. 

NO OBLIGATION NECESSARY 
. — 
•COUPON-— 
- 
FREE POUCH OF 
CUSTOM BLENDED 
^ 
TOBACCO 
OPEN 
^ frw tV E N IN C S^ 

 upper level 

UMtf ONE COUPON Pf* FAMILY PllASt 
_ EA PUES API JO 1977 

 trek to em 
Beak’s grave 

Jackie’s aunt sang at her own funeral just like she wished 

By BARRIE WATTS 

ED ITH Bouvier B eale, the late aunt of Ja c k ie Kennedy O nassis. wanted to lie in state like a queen before her funeral. 
Instead, her body w as placed in an ordinary fu­ neral parlor. 

Her spinster daughter Edie Beale told THE STAR this week: “ She most wanted to be dressed in a maroon, vel­ vet tea-gown and laid out in state at 

 our home. Grey Gardens, so that peo­ ple could pay their last respects in the proper style. 
"I tried to arrange it. but the people in charge wouldn't let me. They said they don’t do that sort of thing any­ more.” 
The body of the penniless, 81-year- old woman was taken from her be­ 

 loved but crumbling mansion on New 
York’s Long Island shortly after she died. 
When plans for her to lie in state fell through, Edie said, “ I dressed her in beautiful pyjamas — mauve with green butterflies — and a flowered, pink robe. 
“ Around her head I put a plaid scarf of yellow, cerise and chartreuse. 
They were all her favorite colors. 
“ And I put makeup on her face. 
She loved makeup. ” 
Edie said her mother “ kept reminding me there were four things she dearly wished to be done on her death. 
“ I'm awfully sad she didn t get her special wish [to lie in state!, but I was able to give her the oth­ er three she wanted. 
“One was for all her relatives to know that she bore them no ill- feelings for not coming to see her more often when she was alive. 
“ I had asked her if she wanted anyone barred from her funeral 

 because some of her relatives didn t give her the attention she deserved. 
“ But she said, No, let them all come — I want all the family there.' 
“ Most of them cam e, I think. I was too upset to look. Jackie Bou­ vier Kennedy Onassis and her sis­ ter. Lee Bouvier Radziwill, were there. 
"M other’s next wish was for her own music to be played at the funeral service. She had Imped for a singing career when she was young, you know 
“ So I had them play a record of her singing a song called When 
We Are Together. 
“Some people at the funeral were quite surprised when they heard ner begin singing. 
“ Mother’s third and last wish was to be buried next to her baby aunt, little Caroline, who died of measles at the age of two. 
“ Now they're lying together in the Bouvier family plot, in the R<v man Catholic cemetery at East 
Hampton on Long Island, just as mother wished.” 
THE CARTERS ARE CASHING 
IN ON THEIR FAMILY NAME 

SELLING the Carters has become a m ajor industry for showbusi- ness agents and promoters as the 
First Family cash in on their new­ found fame. 
Billy 
Carter, the 
President s redneck-and-proudof-it brother, is said to be ready and willing to ap­ pear at your party, speak at your club, or ride on your float for a fee starting at $5,ooo—plus expen­ ses. 
Billy’s agent, Tandy Rice of 
Top Billing 
Inc , in Nashville, 
Term., refuses to talk business on the phone Top Billing’s Jack Sub­ lette told THE STAR: 
“ Every deal has to come in writing. 
‘ We negotiate all business transactions for Billy Carter ex­ cept his agricultural interests in 
Plains. 
‘ The fee depends on the nature of the appearance or the sort of wining ne has to ck) 
We don't have any flat fees of any sort ” 
Billy Carter's first book, The 
Wit And Wisdom Of Billy Carter I has just been issued by Bantam 
Paperbacks, and is expected to sell well. 

H is first brush with the movies, however, has got him into legal troubles He signed with John C. 
Harris to star in a movie called 
Peanuts. 
Billy was to play mayor of 
Plains in the movie—a real-life role the voters of the Georgia I hamlet rejected when he actually ran for the office. 
After Billy signed up with Top 
Billings, he changed his mind and said he didn t want to be in the film 
Later he appeared on the Tom 
Snyder Tomorrow talk show and described the original film deal as 
“a turkey” . Now Harris is suing 
Top Billing for $2 million for 
“conspiracy to defame” and 
“ slamk*rous and malicious re­ m ark s” 

The 
President s sister, 
Ruth 

By ROGER LANGLEY 

Carter Stapleton, is rushing into print with her second book. The 
Experience Of Inner Healing due out in April. 
Mrs. Stapleton's first book. In­ ner Healing, sold 1o2,ooo copies setting a sales record for its tiny 
P ublisher, Word Books of Waco, ex. 
Encouraged by these sales and the promise of Mrs. Stapleton’s continuing publicity, a paperback edition is being brought out by 
Bantam—Billy’s publishers. 
Her veterinarian husband, Dr. 
Stapleton, told THE STAR: “ We are looking for a full-time agent in New York.” 

A TOUR firm is offering visitors to Chicago a ramble through the city’s violent and bloody past. 
For $7 5o, tourists are taken to the Biograph Theater, where FBI agents gunned down gangster 
I John Dillinger in the 193o’s. 
They also see the place where the excursion boat Eastland sank in 1915, killing 812 persons, and the location o? the 19o3 Iroquois 
Theater fire, in which 575 died. 
They get a look at two of mobs­ ter Al Capone’s homes, his Metro- pole Hotel hangout and his grave 
. in Mi. Carmel Cemetery. 
Bul the most popular stop on 

I Frank Warby is suing the Salt 
Lake City county clerk for deny- 
J mg him a marriage license 

I 
The suit contends the state law 

Between writing engagements, 
Mrs Stapleton will continue her evangelist career and is expected to be in great demand now her brother is in the White House. 
Traveling preachers and faith healers are usually paid a per­ centage of the collection. 
Jim m y C arter’s other sister, 
Mrs. William Gloria Spann, has signed up with Playboy editorial director Bill Adler. 
Adler told THE STAR that he represents both Mrs. Spann and the Rev. Bruce Edwards who re­ cently resigned as minister of the 
Carter fam ily’s church in Plains 

 the tour is on Clark Street, where the famous St. Valentine’s Day 
Massacre occurred in 1929. 
It was in an old Clark Street ga­ rage, no longer standing, that one of Chicago's mobs executed seven members of another during a Pro­ hibition Era gang war. 
Rosalie Dixler, an administra­ tor of My Kind Of Town tours, emphasized that M assacres And 
Mobsters is only one of the tours the firm offers. 
Others focus on less sensational aspects of the city, including its architecture, ethnic neighbor­ hoods and fashion industry 

 prohibiting m arriage for a male under 16 is discriminatory since it allows fem ales to marry at 14, which is Frank’s age. 
Frank s intended was mg identified. 

The Playboy executive said he works as a literary agent as a sideline and it has nothing to do with his Job at the magazine. 
Tourists get a glimpse of town’s bloody past 

YOUTH SUES OVER MARRIAGE LICENSE 

Jackie Onassis, Edie Beale and l^ e Radziw ill mourn the death of penniless but proper Edith Bouvier Beale. 

MAN M AY DUPLICATE WORLD'S 

THE MAN who built the world’s largest flag, only to see it de­ stroyed by high winds, wants to duplicate his efforts. 
Leonard Silverfine said: 
“ It's not an impossible task. I’m trying to get somebody to pay for it.” 
Last year, the flag maker put together an Old Glory that was one and a half times the size of a football field. 
It was shredded by high winds 

LARGEST FLAG while hanging from the Verraza- no-Narrows bridge in New York 
City. 

But it has been proclaimed the largest ever by the Guinness Book of World’s Records. 
Silverfine said he wants to hoist his second flag next June 14, the 
2ooth anniversary of Flag Day. 

The way you sleep reveals secrets, says doctor 

By MICHAEL MOK 
THE way we sleep reveals everything about us, according to leading psychiatrist Dr. Sam­ uel Dunked. 
Dr. Dunked who has spent sev­ eral years researching sleep has just published a book, Sleep Posi­ tions: The Night Language Of The 
Body (Morrow, $6.95). He is asso­ ciate director of New York’s Post­ graduate 
Center for 
Mental 
Health. 
He told THE STAR: “ The first patient who m ade me aw are of the im portance of sleep positions was a passionate young woman who haa no difficulty finding men to share her bed — but she never seemed able to sustain a relation­ ship. 
“ She told m e she slept face down, with arm s and legs flung out and, to boot, slept diagonally across the bed. 
“ Her partners had the choice of scrunching up in a corner or being squeezed out of bed.” 
Since the psychiatrist already knew the young woman strove to dominate m en during the day, Dr. 
Dunkel was struck by the obvious link between her sleep position and her way of life. 
He wondered if such connec­ tions would also prove true for others. 
“ After interviewing hundreds of patients, I can now accurately predict a person’s sleep position from his conversa­ tional m anner,” he said. 

Dr. Dunked explained that al­ though people m ay thrash around during the night, he is concerned with the ALPHA position, which is the way a person arranges him­ self when preparing for sleep, and the OMEGA position, which he defines as the preferred position when actually asleep. 

The four most common posi­ tions are the Full-Fetal, where the sleeper is curled into a ball; the Prone, in which he sleeps face down, the Royal, flat on his back, and the Sem i-Fetal, which con­ sists of lying on the side with the knees drawn part-way up. 

Dr. Dunked believes that sleep positions bear an uncanny rele- 

 innermost 

The 
Semi-Fetal, which allows maximum maneuverability and comfort, is the most popular of sleeping positions and characterizes a person who is well-balanced and secure in his ad­ justment to the world. 

THE NINE MOST COMMON SLEEPING POSITIONS-AS DRAWN BY THE DOCTOR’S WIFE 

When the hands are balled into fists, in the 
Boxer position, hostility and aggression are vividly dem onstrated. Some sleepers as­ sume this stance only when staying in a place they deem unfriendly. 

Vance to a person’s im m ediate life situation. If we change our lifestyle our sleeping positions will automatically change to ex­ press the new perspective. 

Dr. Dunked told of a girl just out of college, who moved from one temporary job to another, and from one short-term personal re­ lationship to the next. 

“ When she had a job or was in­ volved in a relationship, she usually began the night on her side and Tater changed to the 
Prone position,” Dr. Dunked said. 
“ But when her life situation be­ came more stressful she found it impossible to sleep unless she as­ sumed a 
Full-Fetal position. 
“Only that position afforded her the security she needed.” 
Dr. Dunked has also researched the sleeping patterns of couples. 
At the beginning of a relationship, they usually sleep with their bodies nestled together like spoons in a drawer. 
Birt a sudden change means trouble: “ A man who slept in the 
SPOON position with his wife for three years and suddenly begins sleeping with his back to her is really saying stay away from me 

By lying face down, Prone sleepers show a need to regulate as much of their im mediate world as they can. 
In their daily lives, such people try to organize their existence so as to rule out surprises. 

Most couples be­ gin their m arried life in the Spoon position. O rdinar­ ily, the man sleeps behind the woman, but when she lies behind the man. it may indi­ cate a protective attitude. 

This is the Clam, 
(above) which looks almost like a yoga exercise. Such a per­ son has a com plicat­ ed, but not necessari­ ly conflicted, psyche. 

Sleeping on the back in the Royal position denotes healthy self­ esteem and personali­ ty strength. 
Many theater people favor this position, which suggests openness to what the world has to offer. 

The Mummy, in which the person swaddles him­ self completely in the bedclothes, reveals an indi­ vidual of extrem e timidity who will go to any lengths to avoid confrontation in the day world. 

Drawings by Ruth Dunkell 

The Monkey position (above) suggests a person who is buf­ feted by contradictions. Such individuals may welcome fresh relationships, only to spurn the new partner. 

The 
Sphinx position 
(left) usually found in children, sug­ gests extrem e stubbornness. In adults, it is the choice of poor sleepers who want to return as quickly as possible to the struggle of the day. 

ST ARSKY & HUTCH LASH OUT AT EACH OTHER 
OVER POOR SCRIPTS 

TV’S super cops David Soul and Paul Michael G laser have clashed bit­ terly on the set of Starsky Si Hutch. THE STAR learned this week. 
Both actors have been under pressure because of falling ratings and what they claim to be poor scripts. Their feelings finally erupted into a full-scale slanging match. 
“ Yes — it’s true,” said Soul. “ We had a terrific fight And it all con­ cerned attitudes. 
“ Paul was getting ornery about the way things were going, and I blew up at him. We had this incre­ dible argum ent, scream ing at the top of our lungs at each other. 
“ Somebody tried to break us up and I said: 
Leave us alone! We need this to straighten things out. 
“ And we just kept going at each other 
Finally, we stopped and continued the scene. 

“ After it was over, we grinned and threw our arm s around each other — and the whole thing was forgotten.” 
Starsky & Hutch has been in ratings trouble ever since CBS slotted two of its blockbusters, All 
David Soul: “ We kept going at each other.” 

By STAR R E P O R T E R 

In The Family and Alice, against it. 
“ Our series has always been pitted against the big guns of the other networks,” said Soul. 

“ Now All In The Family is against us. But ABC hasn't shown good faith. For us to compete against top shows we need better scripts and more money for pro­ duction, and we haven t gotten it.” 
Soul claim s that the show s scripts are “ too superficial ” 
He said: “ Our characters aren’t clearly defined. And I’m not talk­ ing only about myself Paul Glas­ er (whio plays Starsky) needs to have his character developed 

 more, too The guest stars should be shown in m ore depth.” 

He added: “ Nobody knows if we're going to be around next year, there s no guarantee I per­ sonally think if we had been left alone in the Wednesday night slot we would have prospered for many years. 

“ But we were only on the air one year in that spot and ABC moved us. That hurt.” 

Soul said that he and Glaser have patched things up since their fight “ Oh, we have differences of opinion, but nothing m ajor 
Id say there was relatively little fric­ tion between us. 

“ We don’t socialize, mainly be cause we haven’t got the tune.” 

Flowers really do make you happy - study 

FLOWERS can m ake people hap­ py by just being around, accord­ ing to a new scientific study. 
Psychiatrists at the 
Payne 
Whitney Clinic at Cornell Univer­ sity Medical College in New York 
City placed yellow chrysanthe­ mums on tables in the dining room of a m ental hospital, and ob­ served the reactions of patients. 
Dr. John Talbott, who headed the study, said that the patients, some of whom were severely withdrawn, began to talk more, eat more, and spend more tim e in the dining area The hospital staff also reported a boost in m orale * 

Dr. Daniel Stem, another psy­ chiatrist on the project added; “ If you want to put something new on a table, flowers are nicest.” 

AMERICA has become the hamburger society. We eat 5o billion of them every year. 
Slightly less than half the $25 billion worth of beef Americans buy every year goes for hamburg­ ers and the ground beef with which to make them at home. 
It s quicker to grab a burger at a fast-food outlet, but it s more economical to make them at home. 
Burger prices haven't varied much since January, 1974 The av­ erage price for ground beef hasn’t gone over $1.o6 a pound and has usually been considerably lower. 
There is an unlimited variety of ways to use ground beef besides the plain hamburger patty. 
Here are 5o ideas: 
O 
MEXICAN BURGERS: To 2 lbs. ground beef, add chopped parsley, chopped onion. 2 eggs, salt and pepper. 4 cup grat­ ed Parmesan cheese and 4 tea­ spoon Tabasco sauce. 
Make into patties. Roll in bread crumbs and chill 3o minutes be­ fore cooking 
© 
HAMBURGER 
VEE: 
Sprinkle 

5o THINGS YOU CAN 
DO WITH HAMBURGER 
They’ll make beef jump out of its bun with flavor 

By NOAH JULIAN 

AU 
POI 
_ 
1 tea* spoon coarsely ground black pep­ per on to both sides of each patty. 
Let stand half an hour before cooking. 
O 
CRUSTY 
PEANUTBUR- 
GERS: Lightly mix togeth er I lb. ground beef, 2 tablespoons minced onion, I medium clove garlic, crushed. I teaspoon curry powder, I teaspoon salt and 
1 1 teaspoon pepper. 
Shape into 4 patties. Brush with peanut oil. 
Press in Va cup chopped pean­ uts to coat all sides of each patty. 
.Grill and serve on buns 
O 
PATTIES 
WITH 
CRAN- 
BERRY-OIJVE 
SAUCE: 
Combine 2 lbs ground beef. 2 teaspoons salt and 4 teaspoon pepper. Shape into 8 patties. Grill until done. 
In a separate pot. combine I cup jellied whole cranberry sauce, Va cup sliced stuffed olives. 
1 teaspoon lemon juice and I tea­ spoon finely chopped onion. 
Heat through Serve sauce over patties. 
© 
BEEF 
BOULETTE 
PAT­ 
TIES: Thoroughly combine 
2 lbs. ground beef, I can (4 ozs ) v mushroom pieces, drained and chopped. 2 tablespoons chopped onion. 2 tablespoons chopped par­ sley, *a cup dry bread crumbs. I cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons salt 
-and 4 teaspoon pepper. 
Shape into 8 patties Cook until done. 
DRESS EM UP 

To your favorite 2 lbs. of ham­ burger mixture, add; 

^ 
14 tablespoons ctuti sauce. 

1 tablespoon anchovy paste 

2 ozs mushroom pieces o 

o 
14 tablespoons dried dill 

 ground, blanched 

O 
PLACE a slice of tomato between 2 thin patties and press firmly together. 
© 
PLACE a slice of apple be­ tween 2 thin patties and press firmly together. 
PLACE a slice of cucumber 
IP between 2 thin patties and press firmly together. 

BE SAUCY 

After your burgers are done, you can make any of these following sauces: 
O 
TO the pan juices add bar­ becue sauce, stir well over moderate heat. 
TO the pan juices add chili sauce, stir well over moder­ ate heat. 
TO the pan juices add ket- chup, stir well over moder­ ate heat. 
® 
TO the pan juices add chopped olives, stir well over moderate heat. 

I tablespoon Worcestershire sauce o 

4 
CUD almonds 

o 

® 
TO the pan juices add horseradish, stir well over moderate heat. 
® 
TO the pan juices add mushroom pieces, stir well over moderate heat 
o THE last 3o seconds of cooking, place a teaspoon of butter on each patty, a few drops 
(rf Worcestershire sauce. Tabasco sauce and lemon juice. 

o until 
o 

C 
A BLUE 
CHEESE 
'J C REAM TOPPING: 

 spoons grated onion, Va teaspoon salt and 6 drops hot pepper sauce. 
Spoon on to burgers and top with peeled tomato pieces. 
SOUR 
Mix 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese with 
2/3 cup sour cream and 2 table­ spoons thinly sliced green onion. 
Place green pepper ring on each burger and fill center with blue cheese mixture. Top with addi­ tional finely sliced green onion, if desired. 
€ 
Jk FESTIVE 
OLIVE 
TOP- 
Sr PING: 
Combine 
1/3 cup sliced stuffed green olives, cut in half, 1/3 cup sliced pitted ripe ol­ ives, cut in half, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise and 3 tablespoons sour cream. Mix lightly. 
MUSHROOM 
PEPPER 
W 
RELISH TOPPING: Com bine I jar (24 ozs.) sliced mush­ rooms and I tablespoon butter and cook slowly in a saucepan un­ til all liquid evaporates. Stir in I tablespoon sliced green onion and 
4 cup sweet pepper relish. Mix well. 
CREAMY MUSTARD TOP- 
PING: 
Combine 
Va cup prepared mustard, 4 cup mayon­ naise and I tablespoon very thinly sliced onion. Mix well. 
HAVE A BALL 

MEATBALLS: Combine I lb. ground beef. I teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. 
Shape into balls, using about 2 teaspoons beef for each. Alternate 
2 balls and 2 small pickled onions on each of 16 wooden skewers. 
Place in shallow baking dish. 
Bake in 325 degree F. oven 15-2o minutes. Serve hot with Zippy 
Sauce made from I cup ketchup with 2 tblspns. horseradish 
€ 
4 MINIATURE 
MEAT- 
W BALI ii: 
Combine 
I lb. ground beef. I teaspoon salt and 
1/8 teaspoon pepper. Shape into balls, using I tablespoon, beef for each. 
Place in shallow baking dish. 
Bake in 325 degree F. oven for 2o minutes 
Insert pretzel stick in each ball. Serve hot with Zippy 
Sauce (as in Recipe One). 
ITALIAN MEAT BALLS: 
TASTY TOPPINGS 

SERVE each burger with 2-3 ta blespoons topping of your clioice 
Each of the following topping rec­ ipes yield approximately 4 cup. 

TOP each burger with 
S n pepper slice and cook 

STUFF ’EM 

PLACE a slice of onion be­ tween 2 thin patties and 
o press firmly together 
M \ PLACE a slice of cheese be- 
^ 7 tween 2 thin patties and press firmly together, 
o 

© 

© 

© 

© 

Gradually add 2 cups beef stock. Simmer about 7 minutes. 
Add 4 cup dry white wine, 2 tspns. grated lemon peel, salt and pepper and simmer 5 more min­ utes. Serve over meatballs. 
o 
SWEDISH 
MEAT BALLS: 
To 3 lbs.ground beef, add 2 eggs, I cup mashed potatoes, I cup unflavored bread crumbs, I teaspoon each brown sugar, ground pepper and salt, I pinch of ground ginger, ground allspice, ground cinnamon, ground cloves and I cup milk. 
Mix well and form small meat­ balls. Dust meatballs with flour and brown in oil, butter or short­ ening. 
Add 2 cups light cream, cover skillet and gently simmer about 
45 minutes. 
CHINESE 
SWEET 
AND 
PUNGENT 
MEATBALLS: 
Combine I lb. ground beef, I small onion, chopped. I egg, 2 ozs. unflavored breadcrumbs, salt and pepper. Form into small balls. 
In a pot. bring I cup beef stock to a boil. Add meatballs and sim­ mer, covered for about 3o min­ utes. 
In a separate bowl, combine 2 tablespoons, brown sugar, 3 ta­ blespoons soy sauce. 2 ozs. vine­ gar and 4 ozs. ketchup. When meatballs are done, remove to a serving platter. 
Add sugar-soy sauce mixture to stock. 
Cook, f tirring well for a few minutes. Pour over meatballs. 

TOP each burger with 
I large mushroom slice and cook until done. 

TOP each burger with 
I 
W tomato slice topped with 3 avocado wedges (dipped in lemon juice) and cook until done 
• 
TOP each burger with a tomato slice, slice mozzerel- la cheese and grated Parmesan cheese and cook until done 

GU AC AMO!.E 
TUPPING: 
Mash one large ripe avoca do (about 4 cup). Stir in 14 teaspoons lemon juice, 14 tea- 

BEEF 
AND 
EGGPLANT 
PIE: 
Mix well 
14 lbs. ground beef, 
I small onion, chopped, parsley, I clove garlic, chopped, salt and pepper. 
Cut a peeled, mediumsized eggplant into slices small enough to fit into a skillet and fry for about 5 minutes. 
Put a layer of ground meat mixture in bottom of well-but­ tered casserole. Cover with a lay­ er of fried eggplant slices and moisten with tomato sauce. Re­ peat until the dish is filled. 
Cover the top with mashed po­ tatoes. Bake the pie for 45 min­ utes in a 35o degree F. oven. 

o 

Combine I lb ground beef, 
4 chopped chicken livers. 2 cloves garlic, minced and 2 onions, chopped, *4 lb. mushroom pieces and 2 cups cooked rice. 
Prepare meatballs as usual 
GERMAN MEAT BALIUS: 
Pi epa re meatballs as usual. 
In a separate saucepan, melt 2 tblspns butter. Stir in 2 tblspns flour and cook until golden. 

o Ihish 2 or 3 capers into each meatball in previous recipe for a little tang. 
o 

o 

CREAMY 
MEATLOAF: 
Bake your favorite meatloaf as usual, before it is done, sprin­ kle with I tablespoon, flour and gently spoon 4 cup heavy cream over it. 
Leave in oven a few more min­ utes 
SNOW-CAPPED 
MEAT- 
1 OAF: Bake your favorite meat loaf as usual When done, cover with mashed potatoes. Re­ turn to oven 15 minutes. 
EL RANCHO CHILI: In a large saucepan brown I lb. ground beef, 2 cups chopped cel­ ery, I cup chopped onion, I cup chopped green pepper and 
2 cloves garlic, crushed. 
Stir in a Mb. can tomatoes, 2 
8-oz. cans tomato sauce, I cup chunky peanut butter, 2 1-lb. cans red kidney beans, drained, 2 tbsp* Chili powder, pinch or two of ground cumin and 2 Lsps salt. 
Cover and simmer 3o minutes. 

BEEF ’N’ CORN STEW 
Brown I lb. ground beef. 
Stir in I chopped onion, I chopped clove garlic. I chopped green pep­ per and cook 5 minutes. 
Add I package (IO oz.) frozen corn, 4 tomatoes (peeled and chopped), I tablespoon each Wor­ cestershire sauce and sugar, pinch of salt. Cover and gently simmer about half an hour. 
© 
BEEF RING: Combine 2 lbs. ground beef, 2 cups bread crumbs, 6 ozs. butter, I on­ ion, chopped. I tbsp each fine­ ly chopped parsley, chives, salt and paprika; 2 tablespoons dried mustard and 4 cup tomato juice. 
Mix well. 
Pack mixture into a buttered ring mold. Spread ketchup over the top and bake for 45 minutes at 
4oo degrees F. 

STEAK TARTARE: Place 
V 4 lb. raw meat on a plate 
Make a well in the center anc carefully place I egg yolk. 
Top with I or more of the fol­ lowing: chopped onions, chopped parsley, capers, salt and pepper. 
© 
CHINESE 
BEEF 
WITH 
PEPPERS: 
Place 
I lb ground beef, 2 tablespoons each cornstarch, oil and soy sauce into a mixing bowl. Mix well and set aside 15 minutes. 
Heat oil in skillet and cook beef over a high flame for 1-2 minutes. 
Add I teaspoon sugar, I table­ spoon sherry and 5 green peppers 
(cored, seeded and sliced length­ wise). 
Stir and cook until green pep­ pers are crisp and tender. 

STUFFED ONIONS: Peel 4 lr LARGE onions and remove insides, leaving firm outer skins intact. Reserve pulp from 3 on­ ions for future use. 
Chop pulp of I onion and add to 
*4 lb, ground beef. Brown beef and onion mixture. Add chopped parsley, 4 tspn. ground allspice, salt and pepper, I tspn each basil and oregano 
Stir and gently simmer a few minutes. Place mixture into a large bowl and stir in 2 eggs. Fill onions with mixture and bake at 
35o degrees F. for about 2o min­ utes. 

o 

o 

^ 
CHINESE 
BEEF 
WITH 
PEANUTS: 
In a mixing bowl, combine I ib ground beef, 
I tablespoon soy sauce. I table­ spoon. sherry and 2 tablespoons, cornstarch 
Mix well and set aside 15 min­ utes Brown beef in skillet Add I package 
(IO oz) frozen peas 
(partially thawed) and cook over a high flame until done. 
Add 4 cup shelled peanuts and cook I minute longer 
o STUFFED GREEN VIV 
PERS: Prepare exactly as above, but in place of cabbage leaves, stuff meat mixture into scooped out green peppers Cook as above in the same sauce. 

A gnawing problem for 
Keeping love alive on the phone: The art of verbal seduction 

YOU can keep a long-distance love affair sizzling on the tele­ phone by learning what to say and the right way to say it, says psychiatrist Dr. Ari Kiev. 
“The real way to get through to someone else is to be open about yourself,” 
Dr. 
Kiev told THE 
STAR. 
“Phone and say where you’re at without any expectations. Treat a person genuinely, don’t manipu­ late, but do express your feel­ ings.” 
Dr. Kiev, author of A Strategy for Success 
(Macmillan, 
$6 95) and A Strategy for Daily Living 
(Free 
Press/Macmillan, 
$3.95) said the fires of love do not have to dwindle simply because a cou­ ple is apart. 

“ People get into difficulty,” he said, “ Dy waiting to hear some­ thing affectionate from their part­ ner before expressing their own thoughts. 

“The theory is, ‘I’m not going to tell him I love him until I know for sure he loves me. 
“And I’ll know that when he says he loves m e.’ ” 

“This passive approach is used by many people who are funda­ mentally afraid to be loving.” 
THE STAR asked Dr. Kiev how long-distance lovers can keep 

By SUSAN MEADOWS 

Life can change through dream ing 

By RICHARD CORRIERE, JOSEPH HART 

IT IS possible to change your life simply by dreaming. 
We are psychotherapists. Our basic skill is helping people change their lives. We help people change by teaching them how to becom e aw are of their dreams, and then how to change their dreams. 
By changing the dreams, we change the person. 
To begin changing your dream s, there are four points to understand. 
• 
Most people’s dreams work against them be­ cause they do not pay attention to them. 
• 
Breakthru Dream s do not lead to a bigger, better, shinier you; they lead to a different you. You will change, and such changes will be both fright­ ening and deeply satisfying. 
• Dreams should not be controlled, manipulated, interpreted, or understood from an intellectual place. You cannot take all the trappings of civiliza­ tion into your dreams. Feel your dreams. 
• Don’t go to bed trying to change your dreams — that makes dreaming hard work. When you go to bed. let go. Let your Dream Maker do the work. 
Now you are ready to begin. The first task is lo remember your dreams. When you remember your dreams, you remember yourself. 
Your dreams help you make sense out of all the parts and pieces of your life. They make new pat­ terns for you and redo old patterns. They tell you what is lacking and what is too much. All you have to do is remember the dream, and then discover what the dream says about you. 
The following nine steps will help you remember your dreams. Each step is a little more difficult. 
Start with the first step and keep going until you find a step that is right for you — one that helps you remember your dreams. 
FIRST, 
Rem em ber that you are trying to re­ member your dreams. Talk about dreams with your friends. Ask them if they remember their dreams, even if you don’t remember yours. 
SECOND, IF you wake up at the same time every morning, set the clock back half an hour. On wee­ kends go in the other direction. Wake up without an 

 alarm, whenever it happens naturally, the later the better. 
THIRD. K EEP a pad and pen next to your bed and begin writing down how you feel as soon as you wake up in the morning. Write down anything that you think or feel. Don’t try to remember dreams, just bo aware of how you feel. 
FDI RTI!, BUY a timer and attach it to a light. 
Instead of waking up to a jarring alarm , have the light come on 31) to 45 minutes before the time you usually wake up. 
FIFTH, RECORD the events of the previous day as if they were a dream. Be very detailed and spe­ cific about how you felt and what you thought. 
SIXTH, SET your light or alarm to go off four and a half hours after you have fallen asleep. When you awaken, begin writing down anything that has been going on. Then reset the alarm for 3o to 45 minutes before your normal waking time. 
SEVENTH, SET aside a time right after you have gotten up to sit and talk with someone about your nighttime experience. You don’t even have to re­ member a dream, just tell them how you felt when you awoke and what kind of night’s sleep you had. 
Talk a minimum of IO minutes. 
EIGHTH, MAKE up a dream that you would like to have had — a dream that tells you about yourself, your past, and what you need to do in the future. 
NINTH, SPEND 3o minutes at the end of each day talking with someone about the day you have just lived as if it were a dream. 
Your dreams are your feelings. You don't have to understand them, interpret them or work with them. 
They are your dreams, let them affect you. 
F o r m any people who h aven ’t rem em b ered dreams in years, the increased feeling level they get from remembering their dreams is disturbing. 
But for the m ajority of people this increased feeling is pleasant and exciting. 
As vou begin to remember more and more of your dreams, just get to know yourself as a dreamer. 
You'll be surprised at how much feeling you*vt been holding in. 
As you allow yourself to really have your dreams, without censoring them, you will begin to alter your awareness. 

 their relationships alive. Here’s what he suggests. 
• Expose your feelings without ulterior motives. 
If you really can’t take your mind off your lov­ er, don’t be afraid to admit: “ I can’t stop thinking about you.” 
But if you say, “ I can’t stop thinking about you and you’ve got to come here,” you’re making de­ mands and manipulating your lov­ er. 
“ It’s easy to take control of someone who misses you, but once manipulation begrns, honesty and a good relationship ends. 
• Never Forget Small Talk. Ev­ ery person feels special and sexy when asked little things like: 
What are you wearing right now? 
What did you eat for breakfast? 
Tell me everything you did this afternoon. 
And, while you’re showing cu­ riosity about the details of some­ one’s day, include a few terms of endearment too. Words like Dar­ ling, Honey, and Dear highlight sentences sent across phone lines. 
“A lover may not recall exactly what you said, but he or she will definitely remember how you said it. 
• Be 
A 
Brief, 
But 
Frequent 
Caller. Not every call requires a lengthy conversation. A quick call to say, “ Hi, I miss you,” creates more enthusiasm than a two-hour chat with those words missing. 
Usually, the more calls, the more interest, and the more you’re thought of. 
Many brief calls can be a bigger turn-on than a limited number of long ones. 
• Remember What You Hear. 

Next Week Part 3 et Dreams 

Half of the ability to make some­ one aware that you care comes from listening to what the person says T ie other half is in respond­ ing. 
W’hen you call, think back to the details of the last conversation you two had. A woman considers a man who remembers to ask about ber job interview a prince. 
And a man is flattered if a wom­ an alludes to his parting words from a previous call. 
. When you concentrate on every­ thing another person says, you’re giving him or her a great compli­ ment 
• Guard 
Against 
Excessive 
Mushiness. When you’re talking to someone who’s not physically pre­ sent to react to what you’re say­ ing, you may go overboard with seductive, sentimental phrases. 
Somehow, without immediate consequences to face when you mention someone’s luscious lips and sensual thighs, you may say that, plus the punch line that you desire them passionately. 
You wouldn't pour out such drippy prose if the person were in front of you, so don’t perform that way over the phone. You risk hor­ rifying your lover. Be sincere and be real. 
• The 
Key. 
When you’re transmitting affection long dis­ tance, the key is steady communi­ cation. Never fear being the first to initiate a contact. Don’t adhere to any rule of protocol like: I called him last, so he should call me next. 
Express yourself openly, and give the other person a chance to be open with you. As Dr. Kiev says. “’lo be loved, you’ve got to love 
That’s the only way it works.” 
DOCTORS DISCOVER ZINC 
TABLETS WILL CURE ACNE 

ZINC tablets are an effective remedy for pimples, says a new study. 
Dr. Gerd Michaelsson of Uppsa la 
University, 
Sweden treated acne sufferers with the tablets for 
12 weeks. 
They discovered that acne was reduced by 85 percent in those treated. 
The effect of zinc therapy in 

 a d su t z ira) 
FOR $2 Bills 

THE FED ERA L government may hire a public relations firm to pro­ mote tne $2 bill. 
Production of the bill was re­ sumed last April after an ll year suspension. 
“ People think the bill is OK,’’ 
THE STAR was told by Peter lf 
Daley, special projects manager at the Bureau of Engraving. 
We haven’t actually decided whether or not a public relations agency will help,” he added “ But we're giving it strong considera­ tion.” 

 some of our patients has been re­ markable.” Dr. Michaelsson told 
THE STAR 

He said the treatment was IOO percent effective in some of the patients. 

Those treated were given three zinc sulfate tablets each day. 
The tablets were dissolved in water that the patients consumed after each meal. 
Dr Michaelsson said a second group of patients were given -a combination of zinc and Vitamin 
A, a third group received Vitamin 
A alone and a fourth group took fake pills. 
’Die Vitamin A and the fake pills had no effect on acne, the study showed. 
All of the patients who took part in the study had been suffering from acne for more than two years and many had been afflict­ ed for more than five. 
Sixty-four patients were used in, the study and all were between the ages of 13 and 25. 
Dr 
Michaelsson said he (toes not know yet how zinc works tc control the affliction. 

*A6€ 14 * 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— March 6, 1977 

Drinking had Kris Kristofferson’s marriage on shaky ground 

HOW is Kris Kristofferson getting along now that he's on the wagon? 
— Jim Seldon, New York City. 

KRIS says he’s been able to think clearly for the first time in more than ten years now that he's quit the booze He's also getting back fn shape by exercising daily, par­ ticularly for his new football mov­ ie. Serin-Tough, with Burt Rey­ nolds. 
“ I used to put away a quart of tequila and a six-pack of beer a day. I d been doing it for 15 years. 
Inking back now, I don't know how-1 could have done that to mv- 

STAR TRACK 

 self,” Kris says. Kris has vowed to never drink again. He says the first month off booze wasn’t easy 

“ I got the craving all the time 
But all I had to do was call up my doctor and have him tell me what shape my liver was in—that kept me sober.” Kris’wife Rita Coolidge 

 was the one who really prompted him to stop drinking. Their mar­ riage was in trouble because of it 
The only hassle Kris is having is all the fans who haven’t heard that he’s quit drinking. They're constantly offering to buy him a drink. 

Rocky’s road 

EVERYO N E says Rocky was the first movie Sylvester Stallone ev­ er made I disagree. Who is righto 
— Susan 
Rushkind. Charlotte, 
VC. 
YOC are. Stallone played a street tough in the 1974 hit. The Lords Of 
Flatbush. He also portrayed a mugger in the Woody Allen film 
Bananas. 
In Prisoner Of Second Avenue, 
Stallone turned up as a pickpock­ et. and in the low-budget flick Ca­ pone, he plaved gangster Frank 
Nitti. 
Farrah’s secrets 

FARRAH Fawcett is the healthi­ est looking girl I’ve seen in years. 
Does she have any special health 

 secrets? — Flo Elder. St. Paul. 
Minn. 
FARRAH says the secret to health and beauty is good exer­ cise and eating right. She and husband Lee Majors have recent­ ly become vegetarians. As for teauty she says: 
“ I don't believe in those fancy fad products. I just wash my face a lot and avoid using heavy make­ up It clogs the pores.” 

Animal lover 

COULD you tell me a little bit about Bill Katt who played the boyfriend in the movie Carrie? — 
Diana Fostril. Sarasota, Fla. 
B IL L 26. was best known before 
Carrie as the son of actress Bar­ bara Hale who played secretary 
Della Street on the old Perry Ma­ son series. Bill is single and lives in an apartment in Hollywood with two dogs and a cat. 
Olympian role 

WHATEVER happened to the supposedly budding acting career of Olympic star Bruce Jenner? — 
Craig Bandel!, Austin. Tex. 
ASIDE from doing TV sports commentaries and feature stories for the Good Morning America 

The elderly get free stays in sunny West 

FIFT Y winter-weary senior citi­ zens are getting free vacations in he sun from Los Angeles builder 
Sol Kest 

Kest is providing two months free room and board in his chain of retirement homes and hotels to 
IO elderly residents from each of five frigid Northeastern cities — 
Detroit. Chicago. Cleveland. Pitts­ burgh and Buffalo. 

He got the idea during the re­ cent blizzards, when he realized there were vacancies at his estab­ lishments in the Los Angeles area and in l^as Vegas — where tem peratures were in the sunny 8os 

Kest required those4 chosen for the vacations to pay their own travel fares and to bi* over 65. on 
Social Security, healthy, ambula­ tory. and not resilients of retire­ ment homes 

A refugee immigrant from 
Czechoslovakia who says he owes 
America a lot. Kest, 55. hopes oth- ar companies will make similar jffers to senior citizens 

Barber nicks Peter Fonda for a 

GUN TOTIN Marg*» Colvin takes aim at her new job...as Mayor of the 
Wild Wrest town of Tombstone. Ariz. 
But the 52-year-old divorcee says: “ I’m no pistol-packing mama I don’t really know how to shoot a gun ” 
Tombstone is famous for people who used to wear two guns and knew how to use them both at once. Men like Wyatt Earp. Doe Holiday and the Clantons carved their names on the town s illustrious history. 
Mrs Colvin, who prefers cooking and baking, is manager of Tomb­ stone's American Legion Club r 
She won the mayoral election, beating the town magistrate by 72 votes 
Tombstone today is a sleepy town that wakes up on weekends when local citizens reenact the 
Gunfight at the OK Corral. In that battle. Wyatt Earp, his two broth­ el's. and tubercular Doc Holiday gunned down three men in less than 6o seconds 

HOW much do the Hollywood ac­ tors pay for their haircuts? — 
Tom Troyden, Sante Fe, N.M. 
Paul Newman pays $5o for a trim at a Beverly Hills salon Warren 
Beatty pays $4o Others pay about the same. 
However, Peter Fonda recently flew his barber to Texas where he 

$1,ooo haircut is making a motion picture. The cost for the slight trim, round-trip air fare, botel and incidentals was 
$ 1,ooo. 
Also. Howard Hughes once im­ ported his barber and kept him waiting so long it cost him $1,2oo 

The Boone band strikes a happy note 

The fight took place outside* a livery stable called the OK Corral 
' which still stands 
’ Old Ed Schieffelin founded this town after he came out of nearby 
Ft. Huachuca to search for sil­ ver.” said the mayor 
“ Everybody thought he was crazy to look for silver here They said the only thing lie would find would bt* his tombstone ” 
Instead. Schieffelin struck it rich and a town of 15.ooo persons exploded in his wake After the silver and gold ran out. Tomb stone settled down to its popula­ tion today of 1.4oo 
Mrs Col vin said shes planning to seek federal funds for city im­ provements and wants to get a lo­ cal food stamp office so citizens won t have to travel to nearby 
Sierra Vista 
Wife gets her share of brotherly love 
FINDING his long-lost brother 
Dennis after 3o years proved to be a mixed blessing for Tom Davey. j 
Now Tom s wife Janet. 38, has I run off with Dennis. 6o. 
And lorn. 59, is left to care for six of his and Janet’s seven chil­ dren at the family liome in Bury 
St, Edmunds, England 

IT S not perhaps the most flattering of questions, but who’s the oldest in this picture? The an­ swer is the perpetually young Pat Boone (third from left4. pictured with his family on a night out in Los Angeles The rest of Hie Boone clan are. from left: daughter Cherry. 22. husband Dan 
O’Neill. Pat s wife Shirley. 42 daughter Lindy. 2o. and youngest daughter. Laury. 18 Pat. you’ll be surprised to learn, will be 43 next June 

I DON’T understand how so many actors can make so much money in movies and still cry about being broke. — David Muniehin, 
Ironwood. Wise. 

FOR starters, their agents take ten per cent. A personal manager costs fifteen per cent. A publicist costs a minimum of $1ooo a month. A business manager wants five per cent. Show- businesss at­ torneys get what they can. And then there’s Uncle Sam. 

Sylvester Stallone: Not his first film. 

Bill Katt: He lives with two dogs and a cat. 

 show, Bruce has been offered the role of Errol Flynn in an upcom­ ing film. 

Broke actors 

HOW TO TRACE 
YOUR ROOTS 

C AYU SE Coomy MATK 

H IG H 
TODAY 

LO W 
TODAY 

% & t * T T I A4 PE 9ATO D£ y^ ktP tlA T tO # 

 w o rry 
AYD AOD 
W f 
I •YD A(*or 
- 

 v 
' - 

Good news couple runs pint-sized TV station a 

By NORMAN BROWN 
TRACING yo u r fam ily tre e is easy, fun and v ery w orthw hile. Now th o u san d s of 
A m ericans, sp a rk e d by Alex H aley’s R oots, a re se a rc h in g for th e ir an cesto rs. 
If you’re among them , THE STAR would like to help. We asked experts in genealogy for IO suggestions on how readers should go about tracing their own roots. 
I: Jot down your nam e, date of birth, place of birth and current address and do the same for your spouse. Then ask your relatives for sim ilar information on parents, grandparents and great-grand­ parents. 
Be sure to get death dates and cem etery addresses of deceased: 
2: Armed with this list, go to lo­ cal libraries, historical societies, churches and public offices to launch a search of vital records. 
Hunt for city and business direc­ tories. 
In his book, Tracing Charting 
And Writing Your Family Histo­ ry” 
(Pilot 
Books, $2 5o), 
Lois 
Martin Skalka suggests checking citv and county records for deeds, leases, wills, birth, m arriage, death tax and voting records. 
Skalka also suggests scanning church docum ents such as bap­ tism, confirm ation and m em ber­ ship records; school and college documents and family records like letters, diaries, bibles and scrapbooks. 
3: Next, you should turn to the 
National Archives in Washington, 
D C., which is cram m ed with pen­ sion applications, m ilitary, im m i­ gration and passport records, let­ ters and photographs. 
4: Join a genealogical society for tips on going beyond your great-grandparents. 
To find the nearest one, write your state historical society or consult The Genealogical Helper, a bi-monthly m agazine put out by 
Everton Publishers Inc., Logan, 
Utah, 84321. 
5: Read books on genealogy, especially 
Gilbert 
Doane’s 
Searching For Your 
Ancestors 
(University of Minnesota). 
6: Look into naturalization rec­ ords. If you know where your family first settled check the his­ torical society and genealogical association in that area and per­ haps, the state historical ar­ chives. 
7: 
Skim through records of long-established funeral homes in the areas where family m em bers died. 
8: Microfilms of newspapers in the com m unities your family lived are a m ust to look at. 
9: Unless you’re a full-blooded 
Indian, the search will eventually lead abroad. Consult foreign em ­ bassies and foreign tourist boards for whom to contact there. 
IO: Hire a professional genealo- 
E ist if you become stuck or don’t ave tim e to do the searching yourself. A list of professionals is available from the Board of Certi­ fication of Genealogists, 1o37 New 
Hampshire 
Ave., 
Washington, 
DC.. 2oo36 
A professional can often help you through periods where rec­ ords have become jumbled be­ cause of war, disaster or m ass lmmi fact I 
^ration. He can also sort rom fiction in cases where gave conflicting infor- relatives mat ion. 
Make sure you progress reports and tion to cancel the search should it lose Its relevance for you. 
Happy hunting! 

 i t periodic ve the op- 

The story of your family tree could win you 
$5oo 

T H E STAR h as launched a nationw ide se a rc h for th e g reat sto rie s hidden in the h isto ry of alm ost ev ery A m erican fam ily. We w ant to h e a r of th e colorful, exciting, p e rh a p s frig h t­ ening—even u nbelievable—ta le s th a t you have been told about your an cesto rs. 
Perhaps they go back to the old country — wher­ ever in the world that might be Perhaps there are others out there descended from Kunta Kmte. the slave-boy ancestor of author Alex Haley, or others who have heard stories passed down through the years of their slave origins. 
There must be many. too, whose ancestors were here long before the black or white men cam e — descendants of the proud Indian races, maybe even kin of great chiefs like Sitting Bull 
• F o r the best sto ry receiv ed , THE STAR will pay !#oo. 
• T en o th er p rizes of $ o each will also be aw arded. 

• And ev ery le tte r published will e a rn its w riter SIO. 
Y O U do not have to be a writer to participate in this great quest Just get the person in your family best able to express himself (or herself) to write down the story as you know it 
Remember, we are looking for exciting, colorful, dram atic, touching, romantic, even terrifying, sto­ nes. We do not mind if they seem unbelievable, so long as you recount the story as told to you Do Not embellish the story yourself with fanciful conjec­ ture 
THE STAR will look inot the best stories, and interview the writers of them. lf circum stances permit, we will help the writer of the best letter to dig further into his family’s roots. Letters should be addressed to: Family Tree, THE STAR, San An­ tonio Express, P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas 
78297. 
Letters will become the property of THE STAR and will not be returned unless the writer encloses a stamped, self-addressed envelope ( losing date for letters: March 21. 

FAMILY TREE RULES OF ENTRY 
RIEKS OF (ATRY 
Winners «nil br judged bv the Editor of The 
Star, bust'd on the excitement, colorfulness and drama of the sto­ nes submitted, and him well >ou tell your story The Editor * opin­ ion will be final 
The contest is not open to employees of The Star and members of their families, its affiliated companies and its advertising agen­ cies, or to any members of their families 
All entries will become the property of The Star and none will be returned By entering the contest, each person grants permission to The1 Star to publish any or all of his entries and consents to the use of his name address and likeness Not responsible for lost mail or delayed deliveries 
Void where prohibited or restricted by law Ail federal, state and local laws ana regulations apply Applicable taxes are the sole re­ sponsibility of winners No purchases required No substitution tor prices is offered All prizes will be awarded For a list of all win­ ners send a self addressed, stamped number IO envelope to Family 
Tree, 73o Third Avenue New York. N Y 1oo17 Winners will be no­ tified by mail Prizes are not transferable 

KYUS-TV, an affiliate of the NBC network, operates out of this tiny studio. 

DAVID and Ella Rivenes, both in their 6os, spend 126 hours a week keeping A m erica's tiniest TV sta­ tion on the air. 
For the Rivenes are the own­ ers and operators of station 
KYUS, an NBC affiliate in Miles, 
City, Mont. 
The station does battle every day with two rival channels from 
Billings, cable TV from Salt Lake 
City, educational TV and four ra­ dio stations and two newspapers from Miles City. 
But Mr and Mrs. Rivenes m an­ age to keep their pint-sized station afloat by butting in 18-hour work days and offering viewers a steady diet of good news and local program m ing. 

“ We average about four hours puppet show for the kids Is one of the many sleep a night," he said. “ It s local broadcasts that the couple originates. enough " 

I 
David and Ella Rivenes have to operate the control room of their tiny television station. 

‘‘Altogether there might be 1o,- 
ooo people living in and around 
Miles City," Mr. Rivenes, 65, told 
THE STAR, "we don’t get too big a slice of that cake.” 

Most of the viewers are ranch-, ers, he said. 

“ Not so long ago we got a call from one of the ranchers who said, ‘Dave, do me a favor. My truck’s broken down in Billings and I’m waiting for a spare part. 
Tell my wife I won t be home til 9 p.m. so don’t hold supper." 

The m essage was the m ain item on the 6 p m. news, he said. The wife was watching. 

“ There are so many good things in this world to report, to Hell with the bad news,” Rivenes said. 
“ If people want bad news they can get it somewhere else.” 

The Rivenes serve as newsmen, w eatherm en, sportscasters, inter­ viewers, puppeteers, chat show hosts and even appear on com­ m ercials for the station. 

In addition. Ella, 61, is the ad­ vertising agent, telephonist, book­ keeper, accountant and secretary. 
The two work a seven-day week, from 6 a rn to midnight ev­ ery day. 

They are assisted by three young electrical engineers just out of college. 

Rivenes said it costs $6,ooo a month to keep the station on the air—all of which m ast com e from local advertising revenues. 

“ We are in business first to serve the community and second to m ake money," Rivenes said. 
‘‘So far, we are batting 5oo We sure as hell aren’t making any money." 

In addition to the station, the 
Rivenes also operate a land title insurance business. 
They have tim e for it between midnight and 6 a rn., Rivenes ex­ plained. 

After the news, ifs time for the Rivenes to deliver the nightly weathervane 

P A G t 16 
THE SAW ANTONIO STAB-— Morel* 6, 19 7 7 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O S S 
I 

1 Fre n ch article 
4 Shovel 
9 C o rro d e s 
14 C u rtain s 
2o M useum display 
21 Fem ale 
22 Horrify 
23 R ested 
25 Being em ployed: h 
2 wds. 
27 Incendiarism 
29 Positive term inal 
31 Vital 
32 M oderate 
34 Spring blossom 
36 C h a sm 
38 M edicinal fruit shrub 
39 Ham elin hero 
41 E a st 
Indies: abbr. 
42 M ade from 
44 New 
Zealan d fort 
45 M etric m easure 
47 Silkw orm 
48 Current 
5o C y stic growth 
52 Desert refuge 
55 Skinflint 
58 And: 
Latin 
59 Ancient 
61 Insert: 2 wds. 
€ 3 C h oir voice 
6 5 Thighbone 
67 H eavenly dow npour 
69 Firm 
71 Egyptian god 
72 Football's 
Sim pson 
74 Fire alarm s 
77 G old bar 
79 R epulse 
81 Bodily toil 
84 Silent 
85 S a le s condition 

3 wds 
87 Prim a donnas 
8 9 M an's nam e 
91 Ancient instrum ent 
92 Indian viceroy 
94 African river 
9 6 Roof ed g es 
9 8 Fem ale ruff 
9 9 C alciu m sym bol 
4 o1 D eprecate 
1o3 Equestrian 
1o6 R ailroad abbr. 
1o7 H ave a debt 
1 o 9 Indian ruler 
1 1 o Parallelogram 
1 12 N avigation system 
114 C ru s h 
1 16 S p e e d co n te sts 
1 1 8 N otions 
1 2 o G o out with again 

23 Em erge 
25 Picture puzzle 
27 C o in cid e 
29 U nbending 
3o Fee 
32 You: 
Italian 
33 Football tally: abbr. 
35 M ain artery 
37 Network 
38 Hindu a sc e tic s 
4o R ecord 
43 Fem inine nam e 
45 Fam ous uncle 
46 Correlative 
48 Of knots 
5o Bar seat 
52 Yuletide song 
54 Continent 
55 Footlike part 
57 Helm position 
58 Haw aiian bird 

6o Danish weight 
61 Digraph 
63 Boundaries 
65 Reflected sound 
67 G erm an river 
7o Frighten 
73 A pp liance 
76 Hotel features 
78 Vestibule 
8o Am algam ate 
82 C itrus fruit 
83 Prepare 
85 B asketry willow 
87 W ork out 
89 U nusual 
9o W reck a train 
91 Punitive 
92 Ancient village 
93 O f the nose 
Latin 

D O W N 

1 Milk: 
French 
2 Sea eagle 
3 Perplex 
4 C lea n a floor: 2 wds 
5 Italian river 
6 O ld wine cup 
7 Pigmy weapon 
8 Follow 
9 Hindu queen 
1o Elevator direction 
11 Health resort 
12 Strong flavor 
13 Sail boat 
14 Vestige 
15 C oncerning 
16 Armpit 
1 7 Indian weight 
18 B anish 
19 R igorous 
24 Abdicate 
26 Skew er 
28 Potpourri 
3o W eight unit 
3 3 Rom ulus' brother 

35 Difficult question 
37 Com forts 
4o Turbine w heel 
4 3 C o n clu sive 
46 A bsolve 
48 Striped 
Indian muslin 
4 9 Scottish fam ilies 
51 A ngered 
53 Attending 
54 T h u s 
56 Provided that 
57 B u co lic 
6 o Begin to work: 2 w ds 
6 2 Stop quickly: 
4 w ds 
64 Early capitalist: 
2 wds. 
66 A ppear again 
68 W ithout a bill: 2 wds. 
7o Dem on 
73 M an's nam e 
75 Saltpeter 
76 G u ide 
78 Italian river 
8 o Light beer 
82 C o ole d lava 
83 R oister 
86 Of the sun 
88 C o m p a ss point 
9o Disfigure again 
9 3 Persian rug 
95 G irl’s nam e 
97 M ore rational 
9 9 Laughable 
1oO Floating 

1o2 M u sical sign 
1o4 G reek tetter 
1o5 Low est point 
1o8 T h e sis 
111 Informal 

113 C a n a ry hom es 
115 G reat 
L a k e 
117 R a ’s son 
119 Ice pinnacle 
1 21 G iant 
122 Puffy sw elling 
124 Encourage: 
2 w ds 
126 Condition 
128 Heating lam ps 
131 Downy d uck 
134 M etal w aste 
136 Bitter 
139 Continent: abbr. 
141 E xists 
142 S ailo r's signal 
144 S w iss w arbler 
146 M u sical dram a 
147 Log 
149 C ut of meat 
1 51 U se re r’s grant 
I 53 Lift: 
Fren ch 
156 Sea co a st 
159 At the summit: 
2 w ds 
162 G et up 
164 B ib lical nam e 
166 P ersian poet 
168 Boot feature 
169 G a e lic 

How can this poor guy get his due? 

THE FACT that 25-year-old Bill Thomas of Greater Boston has not blown up a bank or a courthouse is a ringing tribute to his self-control. 
However, it is well not to talk about justice within earshot of Thom­ as. lest he scream very loudly in frustration. His case is one of the most infuriating examples of how the consumer always gets screwed. 
In .September. 1975. Thomas bought a 1973 foreign car from his friendly used-car dealer. Mistake 
Number One. 
He plunked down $4,3oo cash which he borrowed on an excel­ lent credit rating from his bank. 
Mistake Number Two 
Being an upstanding citizen and noticing the car had been regis­ tered in another state, he paid $12 application fee for re-registration and 
$13o 
Massachusetts state sales tax. Mistake Number Three. 
Then the roof fell in on Thomas, a hard working boat salesman, who has to struggle for every buck he makes The Massachu­ setts Auto Theft Bureau informed him regretfully that he had un­ knowingly bought a stolen car. It promptly impounded the car and returned it to its rightful owner. 
Thomas returned to his friendly used car dealer asking for a re­ fund of his $4,3oo and the dealer almost died laughing No way. 
He went to his bank and ex­ plained the situation and the bank manager nodded his head know­ ingly and said, yes. it s a terrible thing, but you better keep up your payments or we’ll sue you into the ground 
Thomas, not one to mess with a big bank, meekly continued to pay the loan off, plus, of course, 12 percent interest. 
He then hired lawyer William 
Harrod in December of 1975 and filed suit against the dealership for return of his money. The deal- 

1 71 Tendril 
1 1 72 B olero jacket 
I 74 C lo se m usic 
175 C o n c lu d e s 

I 77 Na boor sh e e p 
179 Scottish 
“ one" 
181 Antiquity 
184 Enlisted 

 ership turned out to be a corpora­ tion and when his attorney moved to attach the assets of the corpo­ ration, they both discovered that the corporation had conveniently gone out of business. There were no assets to attach. 
Now the point is that if a con­ sumer left a corporation holding the baby, it would have been an­ other matter. The corporation can have attached the consumer’s car, wages, homes, even baby rat­ tles, if necessary. 
Yet a businessman can hide be­ hind a corporate shield, take off the profits in salary and act with mpunity when it comes to paying the pipier. 
Even when 
Thomas lamely asked to get his registration fee of 
$13o rebated, they told him to go jump in the lake. 
In May 1976, when attorney 
Harrod applied for a speedy trial to sue the owner of the car dealer­ ship, he found the court backlog was a six-year waiting list. 
When he pressed because of the circumstances, he found he was 
319 on the list of waiting trials 
There is a two-year waiting list on the “speedy trial’’ category. 
Harrod said: “ How do you tell a client that after going through the whole judicial process, you'll still end up with nothing?’’ 
On the face of it. are we to be- lieve that the dealer is blameless. m an 
186 Egyptian soul 
188 Left- hand page 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

THIS 
I 
B E L IE V E 

B y 
S T E V E 

D U N L E A V Y 

 the banks are blameless, the courts are blameless, the Massa­ chusetts 
State 
Government is blameless? Or is it as we suspect­ ed all along: Poor old Bill Thom­ as is to blame, for his misfortune to be a consumer. 
Socialized nonsense 
THERE is a nasty little report going around Washington that tells me a lot about how certain sections of the country are trying to push the government further and further into a socialistic state. 
The report goes by the fancy handle of Exploratory Project for 
Economic Alternatives. 
Thrust of the report is that the country’s top 25 percent income earners would pay extra taxes to subsidize cheaper groceries for low and middle income families. 
The report written by Joe Bol­ den and Gregg Forte, advises that the government should give 12 to 
15 billion dollars to farmers to bolster their incomes. 
At the same time, the Govern­ ment would control prices of food, and to assure that there would be enough money to go around, it w'ould increase the taxes of the top 25 percent of income earners in the country. 
Now' I have only the greatest re­ spect for farmers who work the land with their hands. They de­ serve every bit of moral support they can get. But this “ holding up” the top income earners to subsidize the poor is outrageous. 
To me it s a preposterous and downright arrogant suggestion. 
Let’s he|p out the small farm ­ ers with incentives, tax breaks and enlightened scientific meth­ ods to boost their incomes. Not handouts. Men of the land don’t want to be GIVEN anything 
For crying out loud, don’t let s bomb incentive out of existence 
We do enough of that on the wel­ fare rolls 

Victim’s rights 

AND NOW for some good news 
The government is evaluating a concept in which criminals, par­ ticularly burglars and con men. repay their victims through work 
Richard Velde, Chief of the Law 
Enforcement Assistance Adminis­ tration. said that grants have been received to help evaluate the concept in California, Colorado, 
Connecticut, 
Georgia, 
Maine, 
Massachusetts and Oregon. 
There are some outstanding examples of the success of the 
C rogram. 
A man was caught reaking into a minister’s home 
He was forced to work for the minister to repay damage 
Other cases involved youths who stole cars and were forced to work for insurance companies 
Ifs a good idea that saves tax­ payers money by not putting first offenders in jail and at the same time, remembering for once, that a victim has rights too. 

* 
■ 
Ii 

V k 

28 

31. 
33. 
34. 
36. 

4o. 

ACROSS 
I. Comic strip 
9 Impractical, vi­ sionary 
18. Sundry assort­ ment 
19. It waits for no man 
21. Abate 
22. Hammer or saw 
23. Coagulates 
24. *— 
— turf ” 
Puts ic bach 
27. Against. Prefix 

I . Word with joy or hay 
Related lo 
'* 
Alone!” 
Large pitcher 
Gather in quant­ ity 
Cuckoo birds 
41. Waugh or Tem­ pleton 
42. Comic strip 
44 Taj Mahal site 
45 Forehead 
46 Managers Abbr 
48 Forest animal 
49. Vine 
5o Land parcel 
51. Man s name 
53 Pasture sound 
54. Comic strip 
57 - Mesta 
6o Cowpoke bud­ dies 
62. Comic strip dog 
64 Lake Erie city 
Nothing 
Silkworm 
Lettuce 
A wine 
Cruel person 
74. Comic strip dog 
77 Term of affec lion 
79 
Blind as —” 
81 GWTW locale 
83 Oakland team 
84 Necessity 
85 Brink 
87 Feminine name' 
88 Body limb 
9o. A color 
91. Small amount 

66. 
67. 
69. 
7o. 
72. 

92 Indians of Peru 
93. Chums 
94. The the lit­ ter 
97 Assert positively 
1oo. Converse 
1o1. Tavern drink 
1o2 Depend on 
1o3 Plant part 
1o6. London district 
1o8 Made a phone call 
HO. Eastern title 
111. Type of plane 
112. Wilkes - 
113. Golf clubs 
115. Routes. Abbr 
116. Mature 
119 Stop-light oper­ ators 
122. Everything is in 
OK. 
124 Yale man 
127. Dispense for money 
129 Mark — Comic strip 
13o. Indefinite de­ gree 
132. Much smaller 
133. Chopping tools 
134 Forefinger 
135. Solely 
136 " path to one s door” 
138 Richard 
—. 
Actor 
139 Push forward 
14o. Costly 
141 Comic strip girl 
142. Courteous re­ gard 
144 Female saint 
Abbr. 
145. French father 
146 Quite a few 
147. Digits 
148 Faucet leak or a creep 
15o. Half circles 
153 Bloodie s mate 
156 I of 3 genders 
157. Feminine name 
159 Fishing with a net 

163 Dropsy. Pl 
164. Vigorous strug­ gle 
165 T. Alva — 
167. Captivate with charm 
168 Correielative. 
Abbr. 
169 Lower leg cov­ ering 
17o. Dry 
171. Young goat 
173. Time period 
174. Location 
176. Baseball great 
177. Pass lightly, flutter 
179 Unused 
18o. Animato. Abbr. 
181. Shelf 
183 Paddles 
185 Container. 
2wrds. 
188 Pub term 
2wrds. 
189 Wicked 
191 Feminine name 
193 Having wings 
194 Not any 
196 Hawaiian goose 
197 Texas capital city 
198 Finnish poem 
199 Quechuan Indi­ an 
2oo Swapped era- # vats. 2 wrds. 
2o1. Govern, man­ age 

DOWN 
1. Venice magis­ trates 
2. Cheers 
3. Fuel 
4 Cash register in­ dicator 
5 Wounded missile 
6 ‘ Tres— ” 
7. Diamond 
Colloq. 
8 Alleviate 
IO Class-room sur­ face 

 by 

VIP 

Last week’s Giant solution 

O' . I. I M v ' 
11. Dine 
12. Tennis star 
13. W. 
Indies is­ lands 
14 Sky on clear nights 
15 Heavy weight 
16. Very small quantity 
17. Scale a moun­ tain 
2o l,ook closely 
25. Not home 
26 12th 
Jewish month 
28 Sloping roadway 
29 Gold nugget 
3o Easy to get rid of 
32 Seaweeds 
35 Conceits 
37 Bank vehicle 
38 Sudsy 
39 Swing to & fro 
42 Superstructure support 
43 Piles up 
47 Ogled 
52. Unusual person 
55. Gladdens 
56 Blue pencil copy 
58 Tire part 
59 Swaps 
61 Caviar 
62. Food fish 
63 The Far East 
65 — Johnson 
65 Arabian ruler 
68 — of March" 
7o. Perceive 
71. Lge Fla. City 

73. Comic strip de ted ive 
75 Remnant 
76. Coffee--maker 
77 Prevent 
78 Office furniture 
8o Semitic sun god 
82 Noah s craft 
84 Nothing 
86 Festive 
89 Virtuously 
91 Comic strip 
94 — Larceny 
95 Prefix, not 
96 Figure 
97. “ I don’t give — 

98 Produce grow ers 
99 Pierce 
1o2 Residence 
Abbr. 
1o4 Resource 
1o5 The 
“ Volun­ teer” state 
1o6 Espied 
1o7 Spanish gold 
1o9 Berlin is 
Us capital Abbr 
112 
Beetle 
114 Vocal rendi­ tions 
116' Eager 
117. Masculine name 
118 Exposed lo danger 
12o Pulverized 
121 Comic strip 
123 Lariat 
124 Laboratory trial 
SILLYETTES 

Scornful look 
The — of Ca­ pri 
Derivative. 
Abbr. 
— dancer 
Current mea­ sure. Abbr 
See 112-D 
Charge acct ll) 3 wrds. 
Indochinese kingdom 
Awakened 
Meek 
Castle pond 
Trial 
Afternoons. 
Col iou. 
Alphabet letter 
Kitchen fixture 
Windshield sticker Colloq 
Worship 
William Abbr 
Baked delica­ cy. 2 wrds 
Afright. 
Pilot talk. 
This continent. 
Abbr. 
Oriental water wheel 
Family mem­ ber 
Horn 
Erie. Var. 
166 Spanish boy 
169 Combined bets or resources 
17o Steve or Fred 
172 the Men­ ace” 
175 Representative 
177 Conclusion 
178 Teheran native 
18o Close by Poet­ ic 
182 Always 
184 Slattern 
Arachnid 
Astringent 
- ager 
188 One time only 
19o — Claire 
Ac­ tress 
192 Samoan mol­ lusk 
A Great I .ake 
Abbr 

128 

131 
ITI 

116 
137 

Ml 

142 
143 
M6 
147 
149 

151 
152 
153 

I.M 
155 
156 

158 

16o 

IHI 

162 

164 
165 

1&5 
186 
187 

195 

S tar WHIRLY WORDS by v o ,,.n Tobotch 
PUZZLE 111 t 
A 
P 
E 
S 
T 
R 
Y 
Y 
E 
L 
P 
C 

R 
T 
O 
S 
S 
B 
C 
C 
B 
P 
I 
R 
L 

A 
T 
R 
S 
E 
L 
O 
L 
L 
I 
B 
A 
A 

F 
Y 
I u 
O 
H 
I 
N 
R 
E 
E 
Y 
U 

F 
M 
E 
V 
M 
S 
S 
E 
N 
C 
K 
H 
S 

I 
T 
E 
L 
T 
P 
T 
A 
I 
E 
B 
C 
E 

C 
R 
E 
E 
S 
H 
E 
P 
L 
U 
T 
R 
E 

K 
A 
R 
N 
G 
R 
S 
T 
N s 
R 
A 
G 

I 
E 
I 
U 
N 
L 
A 
D 
R 
H 
A 
G 
N 

N 
P 
A 
E 
L 
O 
L 
P 
O 
E 
T 
I 
I 

G 
L 
S 
A 
S 
E 
S 
O 
H 
R 
S 
L 
R 

M 
Y 
L 
E 
V 
I 
S 
L 
U 
P 
M 
O 
C 

CLUE: "PIECE OF WOOD" 
Solution: 5 letters 
HOW TO PL AV: 
AM th# *o1(19 listed below appear .n th# puzzle - honzoniaMy- veu teeny diagonally even bach wards Find mam and circ*# than 
•attars 
Th# S to v e r letters spelt rn# Starword 

Allspice 
Aim 
Hill 
Blister 
Bonnet 
Bundle 
Clause 
Clover 
Compulsively 
Cringe 
Horn 

Hoses laughter l.eap 
Miss 
Oligarchy 
Parsley 
Pear 
Piece 
Pins 
Poet 
Pray 

Slashes 
Sonnet 
Star 
Tapestry 
Toss 
Traffick!!! 
Trumpet 

Usher 
\ elp 

[ las! Week , Answer; B R A C K ET 

 y a r • ' 
' U $ I Ii J * I-1 

PAGE 18 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— March 6, 1977 
Ryan O’Neal reveals his new love for singer Joni Mitchell 

Ryan O’Neal and daughter Tatum horse around during a break from shooting Nickelodeon. 
PSYCHOLOGISTS TELL HOW 
TO MAKE OTHERS UKE YOU 
YOU can make other people like you as long as you don’t try too hard, say psychologists. 
The biggest mistake is to try to buy friendship with money, they stress. 
‘ Reaching for your pocket book won t work,” says Dr. Sam Spec­ ter, a psychologist in Brooklyn, 
N.Y. “ Money can buy hatred be­ cause people hate to feel indebt­ ed ” 
Instead, he recommends you get people to like you by showing interest in them 
“ If you know that someone likes a certain style of prepared shrimp, tell him you read of a res­ taurant in town that serves it. 
“ Suggest going, but don’t grab for the check That s bribery, and it will backfire." 
Dr. Mark Goldstein, a psychol­ ogical consultant in Queens. N Y , recommends using the other per­ son’s name in conversation. 

FILM glamor boy Ryan O Neal has found a new love — singer and song writer Joni Mitchell. And his tempestuous 13-year-old daughter Tatum approves. 
The only problem now is whether the trio will live in Ryan’s home on the beach or in Joni’s hacienda in lavish Bel Air. 
They’re holding off a decision until Joni returns from her cur­ rent singing tour. 
Veteran of involvements with such show business beauties as 
Barbra Streisand. Ursula Andress and Anouk Aimee, Ryan says he’s still dazed after six months with 
Joni. 
“ I met her at a party at Jack 
Nicholson's and we spent every day of the next month together.” 
Ryan said. 
“ I had heard her sing and seen pictures of her, but I d no idea I d react to her like I did when we fi­ nally met. I didn’t want to let her out of my sight. 
“ We did things together 
I hadn't done in years — simple things, like walking on the beach, reading, eating at out-of-the-way restaurants, listening to music, and even roller skating. 
“Joni is not just a pop singer. 
Her taste goes way beyond — and so does mine. Through her. I even got a different sense of my own house from her being in it. 
“ And most important, she and 
Tatum got along.” 

Their idyllic existence ended, he said, when she went off on a sing­ ing tour. 
“ We saw so much of each other initially because I wasn’t doing a movie and she wasn’t working.” 
Ryan said. 
“ I didn t want to see anyone else — just Tatum and Joni. When it came time to get back into the real world, it was difficult.” 
Friends say the close friendship was suspended for the time being when Joni refused to move out of her low-slung Spanish-style house in Bel Air — and in with Ryan. 
“ I took one look at it and knew it would be hard to get her out of it," said Ryan 
“ But my place on the beach at 
Malibu is comfortable, and it s mine I’m not moving " 

The couple were often seen jog­ ging on the Malibu sands in the early morning. 

*W e did things 

 together, like 

 roller skating, 

 that I hadn’t done in years* 

By JOHN ARGYLE 

 it to others,” she says. Dr. Cutler cited the case of television news anchormen. “ I’m sure these men go through hell right up to air time, worrying about late break­ ing stories ana film that hasn't ar­ rived,” she says. 
“ But when you see them on camera, they project friendliness and confidence. I bet you can't re­ member the last time you saw 
Walter Cronkite without a confi­ dent smile. 
“ I advise people who truly want to be liked to cultivate a manner like Mr. Cronkite’s,” she said. 

“ Before I met Ryan ju 
_ 
_ and irresponsible. But now I ve 

Joni said “ Before I met Kvar 
I had heard he was just a playboy 

 found that’s not the case at all 

"He's warm and sensitive and 
Slates study new glare test for drivers 

 verybody 
I name," ne own nam e,” tie says “ Don't treat anyone as if he were anonymous. 
“ Look them squarely in the eye. l^et them know that their pres­ ence is important to you Lye con­ tact is so important that I can't emphasize it enough ” 
But Dr, Eileen Cutler, staff psy­ chologist at Brooklyn’s Cumber­ land Hospital, thinks the most im­ portant factor is the face you present to the world. 
“ Even if you are glum and de­ pressed and feel the world is com­ ing to an end for you, don’t show 

A NEW test for drivers’ license applicants is being studied by sev­ eral states — glare sensitivity. 
Put simply, “ glare sensitive” drivers are temporarily blinded by oncoming headlights, the sun and other causes of glare. 
Though traffic experts have long tliought such people cause many accidents, there has been no way of pinpointing who they are. Now there is. 
Dr. Myron Wolbarsht. a re­ search engineer at Duke Univer­ sity’s Eye Center, has developed a device that attaches to standard vision testing equipment to check for glare sensitivity. 
Tile device has already been used to test 1,5oo drivers’ license applicants in North Carolina 
Dr Wolbarsht told THE STAR 
“ Decreased visibility due to glare 

 may rank with alcohol abuse and poor judgement as one of the chief causes of auto accidents.” 
He said many people s glare sensitivity increases as they get older. 
"Many older people are aware of this problem and simply don’t drive at night. ’ 
If his test became standard, he said. states could restrict glare- sensitive drivers to 
“daytime driving only” and teach border­ line drivers to compensate for their problem. 
He said glare-sensitive drivers should drive at night only when absolutely necessary and should always keep their car windshields and eyeglasses clean 

Singer 
Joni wants to 
Mitchell: 
She work it out. 

I love being with him. I love him. too. 
“ I want to try and work it out, but it s difficult. I really did enjoy being with Tatum Both of us are Scorpios and we imme­ diately understood each other. 

 play mind even between child 

"We didn't have to games at all — grown-up and 

“Besides, we love the same man. It really kept us close to­ gether.” 
Ryan admitted his daughter was taking the separation from 
Joni hard. 

“ But I’ve told her it s not over. 
She told me I was stupid if it was.” Ryan said. “Joni was the first woman I ve been with since we filmed Paper Moon that Ta­ tum has really enjoyed. 

"They did a lot of things togeth­ er — shopping, cooking and things like that. They had a great time. 

“ I know Tatum is sometimes not easy to get along with but Joni was doing a good job of it.” 
Another problem besides the house situation, Ryan said, is 
Joni’s career 
“ I love her singing but her tour­ ing takes her away from me. And 
I like my woman to be with m e,” he said. 

He admitted: “ I don’t like liv­ ing alone. My house is big enough for three people. I hope the third will be Joni. 
“She s got her own career and 
I love her for it I don’t want her to give it up 

“ But I don’t know how it would fit into my life — I’m selfish. 
“The problem is, how am I going to live without her?" 
Ryan has been married to two actresses. 
Joanna 
Moore and 
Leigh-Taylor Young. 
He and Tatum are currently ap­ pearing in Nickelodeon, the first film in which they have co-starred since Paper Moon 

YOUNG Ann Worts of Shadow Hills, Calif., lovingly holds her house pet, which also doubles as a yard pet — the pygmy goat. 
The distinct breed are hardy and disease-resistant. Much like puppies, they are easily trained, are gentle and run after their owners. And like cats, they can be housebroken and clean them selves. They range in price from SO to MOO. But there are only some 3ooo such goats in existence, so join the waiting line. 

Top jockey splits with his wife on 
Valentine’s Day 

WEALTHY jockey Willie Shoemaker and his vivacious wife 
Babbs have separated and are divorcing, THE STAB learned this week. 
Babbs filed the divorce on February 15 after separating from Shoe­ maker the day before — Valentine's Day. 
Now she is living in their Palm Springs home, he at another house they own in Beverly Hills. The plush homes are part of a million dollars worth of property from 

 illie and Babbs Shoemaker: Their split was a surprise. 
Psychologists tell how to overcome loneliness 

IT TAKES courage to overcome loneliness, say two prominent psy­ chologists. But it can be done — even in the face of loss and rejec­ tion. 
Dr. Elaine Kahn, of Manhattan, 
N Y., says lonely people have a tendency to hole up at home. This only makes them more depressed. 
“The lonely person must force himself to get out of the house,” she said. “Sitting around, brood­ ing and wishing one was some­ where else, only adds to loneli­ ness and depression.” 
She recommends lonely people not hold (Hit for “the friendship of a lifetime” — which might be a long time in coming — but settle for ‘activity friends.’ 
“Friends don’t have to be per­ manent. They can be casual, too,” 
Dr Kahn said. 
“The goal of the lonely should be companionship, someone to share an activity with.” 
Simple self-improvements can do wonders for the self-esteem, she said. 
“The lonely person’s morale is considerably boosted by positive physical changes, such as getting a new hairdo or a healthy sun tan. 
The main thing is to stop moping and do SOMETHING . . .” 
Psychologist Dr. Terry Rich­ ards, director of the Center of 
Creative Marriage, thinks that loneliness most often is a sign of self-contempt He advocates find­ ing a trusted confidant and telling him or her everything. 
“Don’t spare the awful details about yourself,” he said “Let ev­ erything out, all the bad stuff. 
“It is only in this way that the lonely person can get out of the shell he or she is in. 
“Then, when you emerge after 

 spilling out your guts and you are accepted for what you are, the loneliness will be gone.” 
Dr. William Van Precht, a psy­ chologist with a private practice in New York City, believes that a touch of fantasy may go a long way towards healing loneliness. 
“ Daydreaming can help the lonely person out of his depres­ sion,” 
Dr. 
Van 
Precht said. 
“Remember, you can always whittle down the fantasy until it becomes possible later on.” 

 coast to coast which Babbs listed in her divorce petition. 

They bought the property from the earnings Shoemaker accumu­ lated in building up his record as the world’s most winning jockey. 

In her petition, Babbs demand­ ed $1 million worth of the proper­ ty, which includes a condominium at Mission Hills as well as the two homes in which they are now liv­ ing separate lives. 

The petition also mentioned 
$6oo,ooo worth of property at Dis­ neyland, a $3o,ooo cattle operation in Arkansas, a $2o,ooo ski lift op­ eration in Idaho, oil drilling proj­ ects worth $15o,ooo, a 3o percent interest in a building in Willis, 
Mich., five insurance policies, fur­ niture worth $5o,ooo, two cars and shares in the Hollywood Park race track. 
The 15-year Shoemaker m ar­ riage had appeared to be one of the strongest and happiest on the 
Hollywood social circuit. 
But a friend sadly confirmed the break-up. 
“It’s true Babbs and Willie have split — and at this stage there seems little likelihood of them getting back together," the friend said. 
Babbs (real name Bessie I is 
5-feet-5, six inches taller than the champion jockey. 
She is an avid partygiver in 
Palm Springs and Beverly Hills and also operates an antique busi­ ness, Carnage Trade Antiques, in 
Palm Springs. 
Shoemaker is a golfing and ten­ nis partner of Frank Sinatra, Burt 
Bacharach and Johnny Carson. 

By IVOR KEY 

Joan Coffins about her love life 
ACTRESS Joan Collins has al­ most finished a sizzling book about her Hollywood life and loves. 
"I shall be naming people — movie stars and personalities I have met and been involved with,” Joan told THE STAR. 
“I won’t be just name dropping. 
It will include anecdotes ana sto­ ries about them.” 
And Joan, still attractive at 4o, is not concerned about the red faces her promised intimate dis­ closures are likely to cause. 
“Why should I be worried7’’ she said “These people are written about in newspapers and maga­ zines almost every day. 
“Why should they object to being named in my book?” 
Joan went into show business at 
16 in her native London She came to llollywood in the 195os. 
A tireless jet setter, she was in­ volved over the years with such lilies as Warren Beatty, 
I M* p if in ii 11 
Sydney Chaplin, Arthur Iziew Jr. and Rafael Trujillo Jr., son of the 

Joan Collins: Hollywood will be fuming. assassinated Dominican Republic dictator. 
In the film The Girl In The Red 
Velvet Swing, she played Ameri­ ca’s most famous mistress, Eve­ lyn Nesbit Thaw, central figure in the notorious turn «if the century 
Thaw-White murder case. 
She acquired a reputation for her candid interviews, in which she talked about Hollywood prom­ iscuity and the casting c o u c h t a c ­ tics of movie executives. 
Joan, former wife of British en­ tertainer Anthony New ley, said she hopes to complete her book within two months. 

He still regularly rides winners at the Santa Anita racetrack near 
Ix)s Angeles. 
Shoemaker has had 7,2oo win­ ners in 28 years of racing. At 45, I his weight is the same weight as it was 2o years ago — 97 lbs. 
Babbs, a year younger, de- I scribes herself kiddingly as a domestic engineer looking after the couple’s three children from previous marriages — her son 
Mitch, 2o, and his two children. 
John, 21, and Sheri, 19. 
The Shoemakers met in 1958 when both were unhappily m ar­ ried to other partners — he to a woman he wed as a teenager and 
Babbs to a Texas oilman-rancher. 
They were wed in Pasadena three years later. 
Despite the Spartan life it is necessary for Shoemaker to lead, he enjoyed going with Babbs to parties. 
But she was rarely seen at the racetrack with him. 
Just before they married, she learned she was allergic to hors­ es. Afterward, he always had to shower and change before enter­ ing the house after any contact with thoroughbreds. 
The strain in the marriage be­ gan to show last year when he left 
Iz)s Angeles to ride in New York for several months and she didn't accompany him. 
Neither Shoemaker nor Babbs would talk about their split-up 

NO PROPERTY 

SEVEN years ago Noel Goldblatt dreamed up an idea to make something out of nothing. Today he is one of Chicago’s richest real estate tycoons. 
His company. Presidential Villa 
Inc., grossed over $2 rn last year. 
Yet he doesn't own any com men* cia! property. 
The 5l-year-old Chicagoan was running a motel when he got his idea. 
“ Most of my customers were businessmen who had been sent to town on a temporary assignment or relocated,’’ he told THE STAR. 
“They all complained that liv­ ing in a motel room for three or four months was like being in prison Almost all of them wanted to stay somewhere a little more homelike but couldn't find any apartments to rent by the week or month.’’ 
Goldblatt did some checking and found that many apartment complexes in Chicago's downtown and suburban areas had high va­ cancy factors. 
He figured that if he could somehow act as middleman 
“selling” the vacant apartments to people wanting short term leas­ es he would be on to a goldmine. 
So he set up Presidential Villa 
Inc to lease large blocks of va­ cant apartments in complexes around Chicago on a long term 
(usually four to five year) basis. 
The company then furnishes and sublets the apartments by the week or the month. 
By renting as many as 5o or 6o- apartments in the same complex in a package deal, Goldblatt found he was able to get substantial dis­ counts, sometimes as much as 25 percent, from the landlords. 
Goldblatt predicts that within three years ne will be renting 9,- 
ooo units in 4o cities and the com­ pany he started from a simple idea will be worth $25m. 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

 n rE iB BEBOG BEBOG OdBQEIB 
DUB EEiatSlZI BOBBIN HIH1BHHR] dchubb □ □ e g o b b e e i i a n n a s 
UUUIUUU UUJUUU H O B B S UBOH*) 
GOBBO BO GB BQ 
SOO 
HU 
UPJCJGU U D H M H GJIK4RU B O 
BING BODDE DIFEBO QBEPIQ 
□Dins b e w i g d b o n B n an m n 
EBEID □BBBB DOGGO QDoOD d g i i k i i i r q u o d s u n c a R Q n m n r c 
□□G G B CUERO BOOBS B B S 
BD EBDDDDBB EQBBOEDE BB 
HEB Ll DEJ UU1 UC1GHH UOEOB 
□DBE B O B B S I1QBOB UBBOOH 
11(314 PJR DRUMM DOBBS BIIOI1F3 
BEDDER OB DG DEDDO BBBB 
D EBU S GOODO O BESO BOE 
GB BEGOB HUGGS HOUGH EU 
BBH EH GE BH GO HUGHS 
HUGE DOUGH HHUUH SHOUGH 
BEGGS HEUUD GEUUH BUGGE 
BUUUGHU GHUUU UGUUU GSG 
HUBBUB BUGOS HEGGE EO S 

Think cool and soft, think Ship 'N Shore shirts of Qiana® 

You can never have enough shirts to match with pants, suits, skirts or jumpers. These classic shirts are a great addition to any warm weather wardrobe. Short sleeves and open collar will keep you looking fresh all day. 
Made of machine washable Qiana" nylon, you can slip them on without ever ironing. In white, red, medium blue, tan, black or yellow. Sizes 1o-18. Sun Country Sportswear, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin 
Highland Mall. Charge It! 

DIAL 227-4211 TOM­ 
ORROW AND ORDER 
BY PHONE! We ll cha rg© it to your loske's a c­ count! TO CALL (OS- 
KE S TOLL FREE, ti you live within a 6o-mile radius ol San Antonio, dial operator and ask for ENterpnse 9951. 

N A UNIT o r ALUKO STONES