Enter Today! 
YO U , Too, Con Win in Oar G iant 

BILLY GRAHAM TELLS ABOUT: 
Angels: God's secret agents 

HOW TO KEEP THEM WELL: 
My feet are killing me! 

PETER FALK IS TOPS: 
What those TV stars make! 
Exclusi veA ssociated Press news and photo covers 

.W’EtEPsrPfT 
9 

George and Bonnie 
Carmack visit 
Monclova, 
Mexico 
Page IB 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
H im A n t o n i o . T o x i i* 
S o u l It T o x h ** I u rg e* I-N illin g S a t u r d a y n e w s p a p e r 

6 a.m . 
SPORTS 
FINAL 

1 5 * 

M arch I 9, 1977 

No decision on car burial wish 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 
No one knows yet if that wealthy California widow is go­ ing to get her w ish to be buried in a lace nightgown in her sports ear in San Antonio. 
Sandra I bono West, 37, of Beverly 
Hills, also requested in her handwrit­ ten will that she he buried next to her husband, Ike West, in the Alamo Ma­ sonic- Cemetery at North Pine and East 
Commerce streets. 
A spokesman for the Masons said late Friday he has no objections to the woman’s request. 
“ If that woman wants to be buried in a lace nightgown, sitting in a Ferrari by her dead husband. I think that s the 
Married couples may get tax break 

 w a s h i n g t o n p o s t s c n v ic t 
WASHINGTON — The Senate 
Finance Committee Friday ap­ proved by voice vote a plan to cut the taxes of about two-thirds of all taxpayers an average of 
Sill, beginning this year. 
The plan, which would affect only those who take standard deductions, would also ratse the taxes of an esti­ mated 2.1 million single taxpayers — about 3 pct cent of all taxpayers — an average of $52. 
The unanimous action came as the committee continued work on P resi­ dent C arter’s House-passed tax-eut hill to pep up the econom y. C h airm an 
R ussell B. Long. D-Lu.. said he thought the com m ittee would finish 
Monday. 
The tax cut would be achieved through a c hange in the standard de­ duction that is taken by nearly Til per cent of all taxpayers — those who do not itemize their deduc tions 
Under present law this deduction is 
18 per cent of adjusted gross income — total income for most taxpayers — subject to certain m in im u m s and maximums. 
The minimums are $1 .TDD for single taxpayers and heads of household — unmarried taxpayers with dependents 
— and $2,1oo for married couples filing joint r e tu rn s The m a x im u m s are 
$2.4o(1 and $2,8oo. 
Proposal 
The President proposed that this be changed to a flat deduction of $2,2oo for single* taxpayers and $3.(MKI for joint returns. But that would have meant a small tax increase for single taxpayers now at the $2,4oo maximum, so the 
House voted for $2,4oo and $3.OOO instead 
Those am ounts in the House bill, however, would increase the ’‘m a r ­ riage penalty’’ for many taxpayers. 
Already, when two single taxpayers taking the sta n d ard deduction get m arrie d , they lose som e deduction dollars. lf they take the m inim um standard d ed u ction, for ex a m p le , before m a r­ riage they will Im* able to deduct $3,4oo 
— $1,7oo each — and after marriage 

 finest thing I ever heard in my life 
“ I understand that woman. If they ean dig a grave deep enough. I’m ail for i t , ” said H erm an V inyard of 
Mc Allen Vinyard is the grand master of the Grand Lodge of Masons in Tex­ as. 
Local officials weren’t so definite. 
City Atty. Crawford Reeder said he wasn't sure if it could be done. He said he didn t know if it was illegal. 
F orm er County Judge Charles VV. 
Grace wasn’t sure either. 
"M y offhand opinion is that she cannot.’’ He said he thought there were city ordinances preventing it. 
The former judge said state law- re­ quires you to buy a casket, even if you’re cremated. 

S e e II e s t f a m i l y r o o ts , P a g e 
2 A I_____________ 

A sp o k esm an for P o rte r Loring 
Mortuary said Mrs. West s body was embalmed and a memorial service was held Wednesday. 
"But interment will be held pend­ ing court action on the will,’’ said the spokesman, who asked not to be iden­ tified 
‘ We’ve never buried anyone in a sports car. We have nothing to com­ pare this with 
“You hear rumors about rich Texans being buried in their Cadillacs, but they're just rumors as far as I ve ever found out.’’ 

Mrs West's will left the hulk of her estate to Sol West III of Comfort. He is the brother of her late husband. 
To acquire the estate—estimated at 
$2.9 million — the will requires West to carry out the provisions the California woman be buried “ next to my husband in my lace nightgown and in my Ferrai with the seat slanted comfortably.’’ 
When contacted in Comfort, West said he had no comment 
A court hearing on the probate re­ quest is set for April ll in Los Angeles. 
Mrs. West’s will was five years old 
Mrs West's husband has been dead since 1988, according to his gravestone in the Alamo Masonic Cemetery. 
His grave was covered with flowers 
Friday. 

A W EALTHY C aliforn ia w id o w ’s w ill requests she be buried in her lace n ig h tg o w n and sp ortsca r n e * t to her hu sban d, Ike W e st's, flo w e r-b e d e ck e d g ra v e in A la m o M asonic C e m etery 
W iretaps nail 
.A. bookies 

HAROLD BROWN 
. . . p l a y h a v o c 

By BILL MINTZ 
One weekend last November, the Texas Longhorns played the 
University of Houston, the Dal­ las Cowboys played the New 
York Giants and the Houston 
O ilers faced the Cleveland 
Browns. 
It was a big football weekend in 
Texas and San Antonio bettors w a­ gered more than $1oo.(MHI 

But FBI agents were listening to many of the bets over a court-author- ized wiretap. 
And Friday, three Sun Antonio resi­ dents pleaded guilty to operating an illegal bookmaking business 
Federal sources called the pleas the first dent in a promised crackdown on big-time betting in San Antonio. 
Chief U.S. bist. Ju d g e Adrian A 
Spears set April 12 sentencing pro­ ceedings after he accepted the guilty pleas from Jack Hanrutty. Deonne A 
Brown: Union is incompatible with discipline 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Military un­ ions could play havoc with the com ­ mand system. Defense Secretary Ha­ rold Brown told Congress on Friday. 
“The functional role of our arm ed forces demands absolute certainty of immediate aud total responsiveness to lawful orders.’’ he told a Senate Armed 
Services Committee hearing. 
Collective bargaining in the military is fundamentally incompatible with the need for an unencumbered com­ mand and control system, he said. 
But Brown declined to endorse either of two bills pending before the Senate 
Armed Services Committee to provide crim in al p enalties for joining or soliciting m e m b ersh ip in unions among military personnel. 
He suggested at one point that a ban against mcmt>crs of the armed forces 

GOOD MORNING 

I nile? x 
('buckle 
I 

Action E xp ress................................IOC 
Astrology....................... 
IOC 
Bridge................................................ 3E 
Business, F in ance........................ 2B 
Church N ew s................................. 4.5E 
C om ics...................................... 7C.1oC 
Crossword Puzzle..................... . , . . 7C 
Deaths............................. 
IR 
Editorials........................................ I2A 
Gardening...................................... 121) 
M arkets...........................................2-5B 
Newsmakers.................................... 2A 
Scene.................................................1«2E 
Sports................................................I*IC 
Television........................................ 3K 
Theaters....................................... • H.St 
Want Ads.......................................MSD 
Weather ....................-.................I IH 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson................................ JA 
Dan Klepper 
...............................2C 
Ann Landers.................................... 2E 
Dr. Gen. Thosteson........................IOC 

When pm.' in a sp en d th rift goes shop- s a credit to his card. 

Forecast 
Sunny, warm High, mid 8os. Low. 

F R I D A Y * Yti M P V R A T UR t i 

I o .m 
J a rn, 
.lorn 
■lorn 
S en 
Aam 
J a rn 
Sam 

9 o m 
1o a rn 
M o m 
Soon 
1 p rn 
2 o pi 
J pm 
4pm 

5 p rn 
6 p rn . 
/pm 
8 pm. 
9pm 
1o p rn 
11 p m 
Midnight 16 

I HTH YEAR 
NO. 48 
68 PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E } ’ 
Want A p t ( M o n 
T r i a a rn S JO b rn I JJS I aaa 
A ll o th er p tC Q , , meni!, ( / a m l p m ( JJS ti l I, Cliv ed ito r (9 p m / a m p JJS TAU 
S nort* ed ito r <v o rn I 221 J / J l or JJT //OI p rn 

DID YOC KNOW: ll you receive hom e delivery of tile Express and Sunday 
Express-New s ll more will bring you Ila evening News for a month Total 
$4 35 per month ( all 225-7411 for prom pt delivery 

 joining a union might be unconstitu­ tional 
Navy Secretary VV Graham Clay tor 
-lr. said unions would be especially inappropriate on ships, where the cap­ tain has lo be supreme. 
But he said lie, too, recognized that prohibiting m em bership in a union raise s d ifficult F irs t A m endm ent problems. 
Chairman John C. Stenms, D-Miss., urged Defense Department officials to 
“ make up your minds which way you are going.” Stenms is author of one of the pending bills 
Brown said the Defense Department already has a policy forbidding any officer or civilian employe from nego­ tiating with anyone over term s and conditions of military service. 
He said a new directive has been drafted and will be issued if necessary, barring the solicitation of union m em ­ bership on military bases. 
Up to now, however, Brown said he has not considered it necessary to ban solicitation, because individual base com manders have that right within their authority to maintain discipline 
Brown indicated he would support a statute to back a ban against on-base union organizing. But he said further legislation should be a p p ro a ch ed cautiously in the light of the first am endm ent’s protections of speech and association 

Mini Dauber Day 

 lu e ke n b o ch gained a v iite r city Frid ay av Rev H ill, representing B uffalo , N Y ., 
'p o p u la tio n 
4 6 3 ,o o o ) pours m elted snow into S nail C re e k at the tiny H ill 
C o untry tow n (po pu la tio n 3). The m ix­ ture o f w aters is to p ro vid e m oisture for the return of the M u d D aubers to Luck- enbach S atu rd a y 
The to w n ’ s p o p u la ­ tion, how ever, is e xp e cted to m ushroom 
S atu rday with M u d D au ber D ay a c ti­ vities. — S ta ff Photo by Ron Jones 

Hartsell and Arley Banks 
He also ordered a psychiatric exal- natlon for Hanrutty after his attorney, 
A. L. Hernden. said doctors recently d iagnosed a b rain tu m o r in the 
85-year-old gambler. 
Asst. U S Atty. Thomas E. Riekhoff said the case was developed by the FBI using the wiretap and other methods in 
October and November. 
He said Hanrutty accepted wagers and directed the operation from his home. 
The operation concentrated on col­ lege and professional football games. 
Riekhoff stated, but also accepted wagers on horse races and the Nov. 2 presidential election. 
Riekhoff said Mrs. H artsell and 
Banks were lH*t writers who accepted w agers 
Hanratty. Mrs Hartsell and Banks were charged in an information tiled by the U S attorney’s office Thursday which also named Carlos M Sotelo ol 
Del Rio 
Sotelo was not a rra ig n e d on the charge because his lawyer is ill 
Tin* violation — operating an illegal gambling business — curries a maxi­ mum sentence of five years in prison along with a $2o,9oo fine 
The statute requires five principals to In* involved in an illegal gambling business. 
Federal sources indicate they plan to hit all major city bookmakers in the crackdown 
“ If we get the big money, then all the small operations will dry u p ,” the source said 
Local officials have also been crack­ ing down on m any s m a lle r book­ makers in the city in recent months 
FBI searches 
The federal probe came to light atter 
FBI agents searched residences in Sun 
Antonio, Castle Hills, Temple and Del 
Rio 
The court-authorized wiretap was in place for 12 days. Kickoff said 
Agents gathered betting m aterial which was turned over to FBI lal/ora- tory technicians for analysis 
The grand jury spearheading the probe is scheduled to reconvene 
W ednesday, T h u rsd ay and again 
March 31. 
Th** wiretap w as the first to be used iii a gambling case in the San Antonio area, First Asst. I S Atty. John M 

Pinckney said 
“ People ean go ahead and bet,” one \ investigator said 
“ And they ta n do it over the* telephone, but to m e next football season, we will be listening.” 
Marathon man hits 
2 /3 mark 

 s n c i A i t o tm i l i n o s n i w s 
KINGSVILLE — Although his pulled hamstring is acting up. Albert Kodri* I gut*/ has completed two-thirds of his pilgrimage/run to San Juan 
Rodriguez, a University of Texas at I 
San Antonio police officer, is running fj on behalf of his 5-year-old daughter, I 
Stephanie, and all other mentally re- ? turded children 
Rodriguez started out early Friday ; 
-morning from IO miles north of Rob- ; stown and went 18 miles south of : 
Riviera He has completed 21o miles of the 32o-mile journey. 
“ He is still wearing a leg brace to relieve the pressure from a pulled hamstring,” said Denise Barnhill of the Bexar County Mental Health/Men­ tal Retardation Center, 
Thursday night. Rodriguez was pre­ sented the key to Corpus Christi by the 
Nueces County sheriff, the Corpus 
Christi mayor and the director (ti the state hospital 
R odriguez was d riv en back to 
Kingsville ti* spend Friday night He will be driven hack Saturday to the spot where he stopped running Friday. 
The runner hopes to reach Harlingen 
Saturday night and the Church til 
Miracles i i i San Juan Sunday noon 
Rodriguez is encouraging all Bexar 
County families to contribute one cent per mile to the Bexar County MH/MK 
Center. 
“The proceeds will go toward the purchase of equipment for th* retard­ ed children at the unit. ' Ms Barnhill said 
Donations may be sent to Stephanie’s 
Benefit Marathon, P.O Box 348 San 
Antonio, 78292 

Bexar voter registration list hits record 394,635 

Help a Scout do a good turn fo r the handicapped at Goodwill! 

Voter registration in Bexar County has reach ed a record 
394.835, according to figures released Friday. 
With an estimated 538 IHM) persons eligible to vote, the count shows 71 per cent are on the nills. 
All figures came from data collected and processed by the county’s voter registration departm ent under the supervision of Mgr. Roger Berry. 
Heaviest turnout is in the two north­ ern precincts: Precinct 2 of Com. Tom 
Stolhandske and Precinct 3 of Com 
Jeff Wentworth. 
The two precincts account for 227.943 or 57 per cent of the registered voter 

 total for the county. 
Registered B exar County voters numbered only 3o1,o43 in 1972 
The marked show of interest cu r­ rently stems from public focus on the upcoming April 2 Sun A ntonio and suburban City Council* elections and local school district races, according to 
Berry. 
Potential voters may register at any time in the county registration depart­ ment i i i the basement of Bexar County 
Courthouse un Main Plaza. 
It s too late to register fur the April election, however, since the statutory 
3o-day pre-election cutoff has passed 

Fill a bag with repairable items anti place by your tloor by 9 a.m. today! 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 
Judge skeptical o f 
Lerner^s ^poverty^ 

Playwright and lyricist 
Alan Jay 
Lerner is claiming poverty to avoid paying alimony and child support, according to a slate judge in New 
York. 
“ Mr. Lerner's claimed condition of poverty could well be the envy of 99 l>er cent of our entire population," 
Justice Beatrice Shainswit observed in an opinion Friday. 
Lerner’s former wife, Mlchellne, sued for more than $12,ooo in arrears covering a three-month period from last December through February. 
The money was due under a 19o5 
Nevada divorce decree. 
The judge said Lerner had not docum ented his alleged poverty, 
“ except for his concurrent confession that his income for 197o has dwindled to a mere $25o.(M)o and that he still has an estate in Oyster Buy, N.Y., 

Children get savings start 

Barney Padway believes in thrift. 
Padway is laying out $2,145 so that 
429 elementary school children will have $5 each lo start personal saving accounts. 
The Coronado, Calif., School Board has accepted the plan, and arrange­ ments were made w ith a bank branch for the savings accounts to be opened by pupils from all three elementary schools. 
“ lf the children earn a little money from their parents, perhaps they can put $1 a week or so in the bank and when they get in high sch»)ol they can earn more and the money can help them through college,” Padway said 
Thursday. 

 which is on the market h)r sale." 
The judge ordered a srK'cial referee to determine U 'rner’s “ true assets and true income and true financial c(»ndition.“ 
Lerner. who wrote the lyrics for such Broadway hits as “ My Fair 
Lady” and “Camelot,” also had been delin q u en t for the p rio r th ree months, but he paid after a judgment was ordered by another justice. 
*New 

Yasmin files for $1 million 

Princess Yasmin All Khan filed a 
$1 ! million damage suit Friday in 
New York against Bloomingdale's department store over distribution of a shopping bag bearing the picture of a seminude young woman. 
The princess, daughter of actress 
Rita Hayworth, claimed the store had planned to associate her name with the picture on the bags as a 
“ publicity gimmick to increase at­ tendance at the opening of Bloom- ingdale’s in Washington.” The store was opened March 6. 
The suit in Manhattan Supreme 
Court named the Equitable Bag Co. and Federated Department Stores. 
Inc., which operates the fashionable 
Bloomingdale’s departm ent stores here and in Washington. 
Bloomingdale’s had no immediate comment on the suit. 

Kunta Kinte, right, and Shaunta Keith, left, pose for their first pictures. Their mother, 16-yeor-old Sodette Howard of South Miami, Fla., named her babies after characters in the book and TV series ’Roots,’ as have scores of other black parents across the r>ation recently — AP Wirephoto 
Vlarlene halts opening 

Marlene Dietrich has succeeded in blocking Friday’s premiere in Mun­ ich of a movie in which Adolf Hitler is depicted as being secretly in love with her. 
The German-born actress, now writing her memoirs in 
Paris, charged that "Adolf and Marlene” slandered her. and through her 
French lawyer threatened to take legal action to keep it from ever being shown. 
Ulli Lommel the film’s producer, announced the premiere would be 
“ postponed” until next month so that some scen es could be re-photo- graphed. “ I needed a contrast for the horror figure of Hitler,” he said, “ a lH>auty for the beast.” 
There have been many rumors that 

Hitler had a crush on Miss Dietrich. who haled Nazism and fled Germany to escape Hitler. 
She did not return until after World 
War II. but in Lommel’s film she meets Hitler al his wartime retreat in 
Bavaria. 
Carter passes 

Former U S. Sen Jam es Buckley has given President 
Carter good marks for most of his Cabinet ap­ pointments and his support of human rights. 
Buckley, a Republican and Conser­ vative who was defeated by Democrat 
Daniel Moynihan in a re-election bid last year, also said he approved of 
Carter’s attempts to make the presi­ dency more human. 
Vietnam returns 
12 pilots^ remains 

H.ANOI, V ietnam (AP) — The government turned over 12 black steel caskets containing remains of A m er­ ican pilots killed in the Vietnam war to 
President Carter’s special commission 
Friday. 
.\ com m ission m e m b er said , meanwhile, that some U.S. servicemen who deserted may be living voluntarily in Vietnam. 
Vientiane 
The American delegation will fly the remains home aboard its Air Force jet. 
The five-member team leaves Satur­ day for Vientiane, Laos, to seek an accounting of .Americans missing in that Indochina country. 
( (immission C hairm an Leonard 
WiMKlcock, president of the United Au­ to Workers, told an afternoon press conference that the Hanoi government also agreed to set up machinery to de­ termine the fates of Americans still 

 listed as missing in action in the Viet­ nam war. 
Another iiiembtT of the commission. 
Rep. G.V. Montgomery. D-Miss.. said that after 15 months of investigating and the visit to Hanoi, "I personally believe no American is still being held captive.” But he added: “ There is a possibility a few deserters ... who did not want to go hom e” are living in 
\ ietnam. 
In Washington, the Pentagon said it had no evidence that A m erican de­ serters were living in Vietnam. 

The names of the 12 pilots released by Hanoi, with hometown information providtxi by the Pentagon: 
I. 
Navy Capt. Roy ll. Bowling. Sun 
Bernardino, Calif. 
2 Air Force Ll. Col. Elwyn R. Ca­ pling. Detroit. 
3. 
Air Force M aj. Stephen W. 
Diamond. Roslyn Heights, N.Y. 

4. Air Force Lt Bruce C. Ducat, 
Bethesda, Md. 
5. Air Force Maj. Curtis A. Eaton. 
Wakefield. R.I. 
6. Air F orce Capt. L aw rence ll. 
Goldberg, Cloquet, Minn. 
7. Navy Lt. Cmdr. Guy D. Johnson. 
Seattle. Wash. 
8. Navy Ll. W illiam B. K lenerl. 
Bellmore, N Y. 
9. Navy Cmdr. Thomas C. Kolstad, 
Parkville, Minn. 
1o. Air Force Maj. Jam es II. Metz. 
Poiilar Bluff, Mo. 
11. Navy Capt. William M, Itourk. 
Bellevue. Neb. 
Pi. Air F orce Capt. Sam uel E. 
Waters Jr.. Mocksville. N.C. 

M RS. ELW YN CAPLING and daughter Kris, 13 

INTRODUCING NIK-NIK CLOTHES FOR MEN. OURS 
EXCLUSIVELY IN SAN ANTONIO. POLYESTER AND 
WOOL VESTED TROPICALS IN CLASSIC GLEN PLAIDS, 
STRIPES AND SOLIDS. THE LOOK IS TRIM AND 
YOUTHFUL; BUT THE PRIC E IS PO SITIVELY 
BRILLIANT. $165. 

H XMPTO.N SHOP 
A WHOLE NEW 
WAY TO DRESS 

Relatives’ reactions to certainty varied 

 pmcus 
* mflMNMIY HOUSTON ST AT KROaOWAY 
W aiw iHII d i l l m < c u u o u g h 

 a sso c ia t e d m e s s 
Relief, a last hope dashed and shock were the reaction of so m e of the families and relatives of 12 American pilots whose bodies were handed over to a special U.S. commission by the 
Vietnamese on Friday. 
“ It’s just such a shock right now. I don’t think I can say anything about it.” said Jean Eaton of Narragansett. 
It.I., after hearing about the recovery of her husband’s body. 
Maj. Curtis A. Eaton, an Air Force pilot, bailed out of his burning F-Io5 fighter over Vietnam on Aug. 14, 196B 
Reused an emergency radio to signal for help, and was listed as missing in action. 
Body 
His body was among the 12 turned over to President Carter’s commission by Vietnamese officials in Hanoi. 
Eaton was declared dead last Sep­ tember after his name appeared on a list released by Vietnam of Americans killed in action. 
“ Ifs over for me,” said Virginia 
Capling, widow of Air Force Lt. Col. 
Elwyn R. Capling. “ After nine years of waiting. Com plete silen ce (from 
Vietnamese authorities) for nine years until last September and then nothing unUl now." 
The news which finally convinced her that her husband was no longer alive “came as a relief that he was not suffering,” she said. “ Bul i f s not really a relief to wail nine years lo find out your husband is dead.” 
“ Ifs still agony for the rest of them. 

Action at last \ on prisoners in Bolivia jails ; 

WASHINGTON — Three months ago we described the plight of 35 Americans who are languishing in grim rat-infested Bolivian prisons, uncertain when they will get out. 

Som e have been held for years, without trial, on suspicion of possess­ ing marijuana or cocaine. 
They can thank their own govern­ ment for their misfortune. They were dumped in jail as a direct result of U.S. pressure upon Bolivia to crack down on drug violators. 
The Justice Department even sent an attorney to help the Bolivians draft a tough drug law. 
The U.S. government is also subsi­ dizing th e police who arrested the 
Americans. 
No less than $4 million of the Amer­ ican ta x p a y e rs ’ m oney has been pledged to the Bolivian drug enforce­ ment program. 
Brutality 

This $4 million bequest hasn’t noti­ ceably softened the hearts of the Boli­ vian police toward th e ir American prisoners. 
At least five young Americans have written home about police brutality. 
One complained that the police beat him with a rubber hose. 
Another wrote that he had been bea­ ten and then threatened with execution before a firing squad at sunrise. A long-haired youth was dragged across the prison courtyard by his ponytail. 
Most of the prisoners have com­ plained bitterly about sanitary condi­ tions. 
The prisons are infested with rats and cockroaches. 
The food and waler have caused dy­ sentery, intestinal infection and hepa­ titis. 
Hepatitis 

One prisoner almost died, according to his parents, of hepatitis. 
Another lost 7o pounds in prison as a result of an intestinal infection. Yet the prison authorities refuaed him treat­ ment for nearly a year. 
Another man would have recievcd no medical treatment for flu and malaria except for the kindly intervention of a priest. 
But it is the uncertainly that has c a u s ^ the most anguish. 
.Most of the Americans were arrested for possessing no more than a pinch or two of marijuana or cocaine. 
Some pleaded innocence, claiming they had just happened to attend a party where the pot was smoked. 
No trial 

Yet they have been stuck in the slam m er for months, some as long as lhrt*e years, without a trial. 
Their parents have hired Bolivian lawyers w ho have collected fat fees but accomplished nothing. 
The parents have also complained to us that the U.S. em bassy in La Paz seeinc*d more concerned about the sensibilities of the Bolivian authorities than the suffering of the imprisoned 
.Americans. 

After we wrote about their sad si­ tuation, the S tate D ep artm en t d is­ patched a special team to Bolivia to invE'stigate. 
The investigators visited the Ameri­ cans in prison, with the full co­ operation of the Bolivian goventment. 
Their rejKirt is still in the drafting stage, but we can disclose the main findings: 
• The Stale Department confirmed that most of the American prisoners have been denied due legal process^. 
This is regarded as a flagrant violation of their human rights. 
The Bolivian judges have delibera­ tely held up the tria ls, however, to spare the Americans harsh sentences under the existing law. The iudges are waiting hopefully for the law to be modified. 
• The investigative team also con­ firm ed that A m e ric a n s have been* mistrt‘atcd in Bolivian prisons. 
Not all the com plaints about beat­ ings an brutality could be verified, although the report about one youth being dragged by the hair was af­ firmed. But the investigators conclud­ ed the A m ericans w ere treated no worse than Bolivian prisoners in the same circumstances. 
• There is also no question that sanitary conditions are substandard in the Bolivian prisons. 
The investigators actually saw the rats and cockroaches with their own eyes. 
As a result, many prisoners have had h ealth p ro b lem s. But again, the 
American prisoners are no worse off than their Bolivian cellmates. 
' 
• The State Department agrees that most of the Americans were arrested for simple possession. But a few of the prisoners apparently were drug traf­ fickers. One was caught with 5o pounds of cocaine in his suitcase. 
Belatedly, the State Department has now rnowd lo protect the basic rights of the jailed Americans. 
The department has even cautioned the Bolivian authorities delicately that 
U S. aid could be withdrawn if the hu­ man rights of the prisoners are violat­ ed 
The U.S. em b assy has also been authorized lo retain a Bolivian attor­ ney to give legal advice on the prisoner problem. 

 bul I hope this is the beginning of an accounting,” she said of other families aw aiting word on men rep o rted missing during the war. 
Mrs (’upliiig was notified in Sep- temlHT for the first time that her hus­ band’s name was on the list of airmen killed in Vietnam. Even so, mistakes have lMt*n made In the past and hope was still alive. He bailed out in 19H8 and had iHM.'n heard from alive on the ground but rescuers were unable lo reach him. 
In Om aha, Neb., Mrs. F'rank F. 
Roark, mother of William M. Roark, a 
Navy pilot, said she had a “ mingled jxaction” lo the news that tho remains of her son were turned over to the commission. 
Roark was 2H when he was shot down while flying a bombing mission over 
North Vietnam April 7. 1985. 
“ I’m just thankful we’ll have him hom e," his m other said " B u t I’m amazed that so much lime has elapsed. 
It takes years to really believe he’s gone. You keep hoping he will walk in the door some day. It took us almost five years to come to the conclusion 
Ihut he would never return.” 
• i ’m thankful that our country made an extended effort to accomplish this,” 
Mrs. Roark said. "A person almost has to lose a son to understand." 
Roark’s widow, Karen, rem arried about three years ago and is now living near M ontreal, Canada, with their thn*e children, Lisa, 15; John, 14, and 
William, ll 

West family roots 

Sandra Ilene West was the second wife of wealthy oilman and rancher Ike 
West Jr.. who died of a drug overdose in Las Vegas. Nev. in January 1968. 

His first wife was Scott Abbey West. with whom he lived in the arca of 
Miami. Fla., iK'fore their separation in 
1964. They were m a rrie d just five years before the separation. 

The divorce was final in May 1965. 
The $1 million settlement had included a Jag u ar automobile, a pink 4.5-carat diam ond valued then at $2o,ooo and great quantities of cash, stocks and bonds, jewelry, stamp collections and property interests, 

Civil service data must be disclosed 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
- 
Lists of names and scores of persons laking civil service employment and promo­ tion examinations m ust be disclosed under the Open Records Act, says At­ ty. (ien John Hill. 

El Paso City Atty. John C. Ross Jr. requested Hill’s opinion. 

In an opinion issued Thursday, Hill said such lists and scores do not come under any of the exceptions to Hic act. 

A month later. West was taken from a downtown San Ajilonio hotel lo Santa 
Rosa Medical Center with a reported overdose of sleeping pills. 

He recovered, and it was learned that he had m arried Sandra by then. 

Whi'ii West was found dead at age 33 in Las Vegas 2^*{ years later of a drug overdose, he had btn'n living in 
Beverly Hills with Sandra and repor­ tedly taking v(eight-reduction tre a t­ ments at a Los .Angeles hospital. 

Like Sandra. Ike West J r . left a hand-written will. 

West was the scion of a pioneering 
Texas family of cattlemen and oilmen. 

The South T ex a s town of G eo rg e‘ 
West was founded by and named aftert an uncle. 
• 
TAX 

DOWNTOWN9 3o TO 5 3o MON THRU SAT harking Bf HINO DOWNTOWN STORf 
SUBURBAN9.3o TO 6.oo M ON THRU SAT 

All m a j o r CRfDIT CARDS HQNORfO 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
W tla r and lo b ix Oar. *H an*»yi.ing 
Oo». and on W r * Chntmqi Da». t D«r •tw i dwit Mtui Mondar diiawgN Endar Atta pubbtiwd an a Mon do, nhMt Jwty * Chfiumot De,. N *. Veal > De, MU on a pio<*dn>(| VwneSur 
By Th# fip rtk t N«wt Coipoiation 
F O le> 21 /1 
Van AniaMO. T«.oi 
StHond Ctokk Fotlog* Pani at 
&on A nN m o, T««a» 
■•gn'ioda o>'hu4o do 2da (Ib m ti 29 do Ino'O 
1922, on ta A<tnMnitMa(«n dc C « io « t on Nwo.o lo<oda, lom pk . AAoaice 

All cam nw nH u.n, , . ovid Im o d d io ik o d M Von A n lo n « t a piott. rn Son Antonio N ea t 
IKi» wiU not bt 
■Okoonubla <•> m on u K x p it aa pnaioiyebA a not talitiiod. 
(»*lHO*Mn 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

IntKlo f o a a t 
I M o a M ot 
I VI 
M o -n cy A S o n ^ r 
J : 4 « 
| 2 | I I tS 4 aAoamng Onl, 
$4 b i 
S2J 9o 146 I I 
E.on.ny* Sander i i OZ 
S26 13 iiO i 6 
E.ont-vOnt» 
$4 4 1 
123 Oi $44 54 
SaoxiaaOnl, 
$321 
|!« l$ $3o1$ 

oU ,-o UHlwdO ta lo t lea 
OTHER STATES 
Moaning A Swndaa t i S< 
SJI 34 SA M Z 
MoanatgOnl^ 
S i 2o 
S2Z 4 / SS3 Z i taonm g A iundoa 
• 
S i 4 i 
S3o 2 i i i i 99 t-on.ngO nl|, 
$ 4 / 9 i2A iO i i i 4 J ia n d a a O n l^ 
S3 4 | 
SIA 9$ $ 3 2 / 4 iSwbM'>b««ait au'nda foaat aao not iwbioti >o tai 1 

Moaiio doA.oata *o,44«l), ,a)#l in S an Anloatia M orning a n d iuaidoii. S3 4o pal monlb (nKlwdat Ma). A dov M oaning oMf, 
S2 ZO baa mooMi (indwdat loa). Sundov aa<lv - 4 Stmdov - 
SI 4 / paa month (oicludat leal i Sundov — t i l 4 pea month imtludtt taal 
C O M IIN A T IO N l A l t 
M oaning, ta e n in f , S a 'm d a v a n d 
S undea. $ 4 J i pea monNi 

Cancer clinic busy just across border 

MATAMOROS. Mexico (A P ) - 
Armed with s>everal “ miracle drugs." 
Byron Purdy opent^l an arthritis and cancer clinic featuring medicines out­ lawed in the United States. 
Laetrile grabbed the limelight ear­ lier this wEH*k when a group of cancer patients, who claimed the drug saved their lives, gathered in Austin lo sup­ port a bill that would legalize the con­ troversial substance. 
P u rd y , who a d m itte d ly h a s no fo r­ m al m ed ical train in g , will sell Ireal- m eiils costing betw een 13oo a n d 11,5o6 depEmdiiig on the type of illn e ss and the length of the slay. 
His clinic, located in this border city across the Rio Grande from Browns­ ville. is staffed by two Mexican doc­ tors. 
Patients will slay in Brownsville ho­ tels and go to his Matamoros clinic for the laetrile or "DMSO" treatm ents banned in the United States. 

Is 
Dimethyl sulfoxide, or UMSO, 
Purdy’s “super drug." 
“ Right now, only velennariaiis or re se a rc h e rs are allow ed to use 
DMSO,” said Purdy. “ It’s good enough for your dog bul if s not good enough for you 
“ If the Texas Legislature legalized laetrile, it wouldn’t affE*ct my clinic. 
‘D.MS'i IS my m ain drug. It does a much iM'tler job than laetrile and it can be used with laetrile. 
“ DMSO is outlawed by the Food and 
Drug Administration (FUA) because the American .Medical Association 
(A.MA) and the big pharm aceutical companies don’t want it in the United 
Stales," Purdy said. “ DMSO is re la­ tively cheap Ifs been used in Europe and some South American countries fur years with success but why would 
American doctors and drug companies w ant a cheaper, better drug when they can charge the prices they do now?” 

C u n tlD u e d from Page lA 

 only $2,1oo. T h eir penalty would be 
$1,3oo. The House bill would make that 
11,8oo. 
Mindful of this, the Senate Finance 
Committee Friday approved $2,2oo for single taxpayers. 13.2oo for joint re ­ turns. 
The only losers would be single tax­ payers now deducting more than $2.’2oo 
— somewhere between $2,2oo and the 
$2 4oo maximum. 
In addition, the Finance Committee on Thursday voted 9 lo 7 to put heads of household — mostly divorced or oth­ erwise husbandless women with chil­ dren — on the same basts as married cxjuples rather than single individuals.^ 
Withholding 
I 

In whatever form they are finally^ enacted, these lax cuts would be re-, fleeted in lower withholding rates a few weeks after enactment of the Ie-, gislation •— by late spring or early^ summer. Enactment would also mean ilial withholding so far this year ha^,‘ lx*en too high for most taxpayers 
Thus taxpayers would have a plea^ sam surprise in store next year; if Hie bill passes, as expectt*d. their tax bills will be lower than usual, or their re­ funds higher. 
The lax bill also provides foi^ 
$5o-per-person rebates of 1976 taxes 
| ‘2oo to a taxpayer with three depend dents, for example — to be paid th if spring. But the rebate would l>e scale* down for ta x p a y e rs with incometf between $‘25,ooo and $3o,ooo, and ihosJ over $3o,ooo would not gel rebates, i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 
H 

S.A. backs Lo-Vaca sale o f surplus natural gas 

U.S. REP. KAZEN, center, chats with Louis Stumberg, left, chamber council chairman, and Frank Manupelli, council vice chairman 

Bv DICK M ERK EL 
CHIEF. EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A four-month sale of surplus natural gas that could save its utility customers over 
$6oo,ooo and help assure future supplies, was endorsed here 
Friday by San Antonio. 
Officials of Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. laid the sale proposal before repre­ sentatives of its major customers at a meeting. 
The company left the meeting with an endorsement from a majority of the customers including San Antonio’s Ci­ ty Public Service. 
The final say, however, rests with the Texas Railroad Commission which vetoed a similar proposal last .January, also endorsed by Lo-Vaea’s customers. 
The RRC will consider the latest proposal at a 9 a.rn. meeting here 
Monday. 

Friday’s presentation was made by 
Lo-Vaca President William W. Grec hey, and Senior Vice Presidents Guy 
W. LeFlar and Ewald Fischer. 
According to the trio, if the RRC approves the sale it could have several immediate and long-range advantages for both the com pany and its customers. 
However, if the sale is not approved it could have dire consequences for the com pany and s u b se q u en tly its customer group of which San Antonio is the largest, they said. 
Among the im m ediate advantages envisioned would be a reduction in na­ tu ral gas p ric e s to the c u s to m e rs represented by the profits from the sale to Transcontinental Gas Pipeline 
Corp. 
According to Greehey, the four- month sale from April I through July 
31 could run as high as 15o million cubic feet of gas per day. 

The estimated profit to be credited to custom ers from this sale, Greehey said, would be nearly three cents per thousand cubic feet (MCF). 
According to CPS Gen. Mgr. Jack 
Spruce, who attended the session, this could mean a saving of some $18o,ooo a month to San Antonio utility customers based on the c u rre n t av erag e con­ sumption rate. 
Surplus 
The sale would also free surplus gas which Lo-Vaca is now com mitted to either take or pay for from producers at a time of low demand 
By moving this surplus gas, Lo-Vaca would then be able to buy additional spot gas to meet this sum m er’s peak demand period. 
But, more importantly, it would al­ low Lo-Vaca to expand its contracts for future gas purchases in what officials described as a major new South Texas 
Kazen says S.A. bases safe in cuts 

By JA M ES MCCRORY 
No action is being considered to close any San Antonio military bases, 
C S. Rep 
Abraham “ Chick” Kazen declared Friday. 
Kazen’s observation came in an an­ n u a l report to the Military Affairs 
Council of the Greater San Antonio 
Chamber of Commerce at a breakfast in the Civil Center on Main Plaza. 
A member of the House Armed Ser­ vices Committee, Kazen said major military installations in the last ll) years have been reduced from 214 to 
137, and five more cuts are being studied. 
Only one in Texas 
Among those five, he said, and the only one in Texas, is Webb AFB at Big 
Spring. 
Kazen. observing he feels w hat’s good for San Antonio and his district is good for the nation, said no one can predict at this time whether wing mo­ dification work on the C5 aircraft will be done at Kelly AFB. 
The new budget, Kazen said, pro­ vides $12.3 million for m ilitary con­ struction in the San Antonio area. 
“That’s not nearly as large a figure 

 as last year,” Kazen said, “ when we pushed ahead on the big Wilford Hall 
Hospital job, but there are few big construction contracts coming through this year.” 
The budget, Kazen said, contem ­ plates $5.8 million for a logistics m a­ terial storage facility, $72o,(KIO for the 
Air National Guard Avionics Weapons 
Shop and $4oo,ooo for an Ai.* Force 
Reserve T raining F acility at Kelly 
AFB. 
Also included in the budget, the congressman observed, is $4.7 million for a dental facility at Lackland AFB and $334,ooo for alterations of fuel and erosion control systems at Randolph 
AFB. 
The Air National Guard at San An­ tonio, he said, is listed for $51o,ooo for armory expansion and aviation support expansion. 
The House A rm ed Services Com ­ mittee. Kazen said, is recommending a defense budget for fiscal 1977 of $12o.9 billion, $ 8 billion higher than proposed by President Carter. 
The civilian employment levels of the 
Department of 
Defense will remain about the same, Kazen report­ ed. with the possible exception of work 
Draft not far down road says lawmaker 

If the present trend continues, a military draft is not too far down the road. C S Rep. Abraham Kazen pre­ dicted Friday. 
“The recovery of the domestic econ­ omy is h av in g its effect on the all-volunteer force,” Kazen told the 
Military Affairs Council of the Greater 
San Antonio Chamber of Commerce. 
• ‘ There are more jobs, especially for the high school graduates, so they’re 
Showing less interest in military life.” 
The congressman said when unem­ ployment stands at 7.5 per cent, there is a 2o per cent “ shortfall” in recruit­ ing. and if the jobless rate is cut buck to 4 per cent, the military “ shortfall” is 4H per cent. 
President Carter created problems for any future draft system by par­ doning men who evaded the Viet Nam 

 draft, Kazen said. He said he thinks the pardon granted by the President 
“ was unfair to those who responded to the call.” lf the U.S. has to go back to the draft, 
Kazen said, “ will each young man or woman decide for himself whether the nation's need is going to affect his or her life?” lie expressed fears future draft evaders, if another draft law is imple­ mented, will say the Viet Nam draft evaders were pardoned and if they disobey they have the right to expect the same pardon. 

.contracted out by the Air Force. 
The proposed budget, Kazen said, would provide nearly $23 billion for 244 aircraft, and indications are $3.2 bil­ lion of that would be sub-contracted to 
Texas. If so, he added, it would provide 
8,ooo Texas jobs. 
A fter outlining sp e cific s of the number and work being done on wea­ ponry, Kazen said it is generally ac­ cepted the Soviet Union w ants to spread communism across the world. 
Kazen reiterated the U.S. must have a military defense second to none. He said Defense Secretary Harold Brown told the committee in term s of military strength, and social, economic, indus­ trial. and moral strength, the U.S. is second to none. 
Competent intelligence analysts are convinced Leonid Brezhnev, general secretary of the Soviet Communist party, prefers progress in peace to the risks of war, Kazen asserted. 
In the area of civil defense, Kazen said U.S. civil defense plans look about 
5o per cent effective. The cold facts, he explained, are the plans would enhance survival chances of 5o per cent of the 
American people. 
No attack seen 

Kazen said the best m inds in g o ­ vernm ent believe the U.S. need not expect a nuclear attack. 
“ He (President Carter) said we were roughly equivalent to the Soviet Union 
(in n u clear com p arab ility ), and in case of a major exchange of weapons, each country might lose 5o to IOO mil­ lion people.” Kazen said. 
“ So, when the question comes up of whether we should spend less for de­ fense, my only view at this time is that we should instead be trying to make our strength so evident that no enemy will dare to launch a major attack on our country. 
“ If any nation knows that it would be c o m m ittin g national su icid e if it launched the first strike against us, that may be the best of all protections for our people.” 
That last sentence won Kazen biggest hand of the breakfast. 

Newswoman: 
Progress is power struggle 

 the 

Absentee voting stands al 1,714 

Absentee voting in the April 2 City 
,Council election climbed to 1,714 
Friday. 

Absentee voting resumes Monday 

 iii the city clerk’s office a t City Hall a n d a t four outlying locations. 

Not sick or senile, says 
Kazen, Til run again 

Observing he is neither “ sick nor senile,” U.S. Rep. Abraham Kazen 
Friday moved to dispell rumors he will not be seeking re-election iii 1978. 
F rank M anupelli asked the con­ gressman to dispell rumors he is re­ tiring alter his current term at a meeting of the Military Affairs Council of the Greater San Antonio Chamber of 
Commerce. 
The rumors, Manupelli observed, are being circulated iii San Antonio and Austin. 

“ I don’t have any plans to retire any time soon,” the congressman reported. 
" I ’m just getting started up there." 
He pointed out he is a member of the 
D em ocratic m ajority in Congress, working with a Democratic President. 
He said he feels he still has a contri­ bution to make. 
Asked about reports Raza Cnida 
Party founder Jose A n g e l Gutierrez, county judge of Zavala County, will run against him, Kazen retorted it’s a free country and anybody can run. 

By V ICKIE DAV IDSON 

The first woman to anchor 
ABC-TV's evening news was in town Friday. 
And, no, it w a s n ’t B a rb a ra 
Walters. 
Marlene Sanders, who substituted as an anchorm an on the network evening news in 1964 and in the early 197os, was in town to speak at the Women In Communications, 
Inc., Headliners Dinner. 
At one tim e in her career, Ms. 
Sanders said she would like to have been the first full-tim e an­ chorwoman. but “ it w asn’t in the cards. The first woman had to be a star.” 
Ms. Sunders went on to make her own first. She became the first woman vice president of a network news division. 
She was named ABC vice presi­ dent in 1976. 
But, she is a supporter of the wo­ man who has the anchor job she once wanted. 
“ I think she (B arbara Walters) was very badly tre a ted by the press,” Ms. Sanders said Friday afternoon. She said any public fi­ gure has to expect criticism 
Unfair barrage 
But, the barrage on Ms. Walters was unfair. And she attributed it to jealousy. . 
What about the rumored person­ ality shake-ups in ABC’ news? 
“ I read it in the papers like you do.” said Mrs. Sanders. 
“ E v ery b o d y by now is so convinced there are going to be some changes . . . with all that talk there must be something.” 
In a speech prepared for the WK I dinner. Ms. Sanders said opportun­ ities for women are increasing. 
"The last few years have been a period of great progress for many of us, and it is no time to stop — to be complacent." 
When sh e s ta rte d w orking in broadcasting, she said she could count the number of women in the field. 
Ms. Sanders said, however, there is still more to be done, more wo- 

MARLENE SANDERS 
. . . at the top 

 men to be hired and promoted and more attitudes to bo changed. 
“ At ABC, sen sitiv ity tra in in g sessio n s a re now being run for white male managers, women and minorities. 
“ Making new rules is one thing; changing attitudes is another, and probably the most difficult area to deal with. 
“ Despite women's recent gains, it still appears that we are regarded, generally speaking, as unwelcome intruders in an area where the men who run th in g s have enjoyed a monopoly on power from the begin­ ning ” 
Ms. Sanders said women m ust strive for excellence in their work. 

Full pay 

“ But, we also want to be paid in full and be free to go to the very top 
Elf our professions.” 
The five San Antonio career wo­ men honored ut the Friday night dinner were Carolyn Spears, county court judge; Luis Parkhouse, an in­ surance agent; Virginia Stone, a teacher; Vivian Kiolbassa, an office manager, and Thelma Ledger, in­ formation director for the San An­ tonio State Hospital. 

 discovery in which Lo-Vaca is already a customer. 
Greehey told the meething, “ Lo-Vaca has already got in on this South Texas field. We are already buying some ‘in’ of this gas,” he said. 
Fischer said, “ Four producers, who control approximately 25o,ooo acres in this area, currently sell gas to Lo-Va­ ca. However, Lo-Vaca has been unable to purchase the quantity of gas it has already contracted for.” 
Greehey said. "If we don’t take increased volume we stand to lose our contracts altogether in this significant gas producing area." 
He added, “ There are already some interetate pipelines in this area ready to move in and buy the gas. This is a very real threat.” 
By selling off surplus gas now, Lo- 
Vaca would be in a position to meet its current contract obligations, solidify its position as a m ajor buyer in the future and evaluate the field's full po­ tential, he said. 
Preliminary evaluations for expand­ ing its system in the area “ indicate this expenditure to be in the magnitude of $2o-$4l) million,” Fischer suiil. 
F isch e r said a n o th e r im m ed ia te problem facing Lo-Vaca is the pur- chase Elf spot gas to m eet this su m ­ m er’s peak demand period. 
“ It is my intention tEi purchase this gas at today’s prices, rather than on a day-to-day basis at a tim e when de­ mand will push the price well above the current level,” he said. 
“ This is the first time we have had producers threaten to cancel Eiur con­ tracts," Greehey said. 
Kidnap suspect jailed 

An absent without leave Ft. Bliss soldier suspected Elf kidnaping two Kl 
Paso residents and stealing a Ft. Sam 
Houston truck was lodged in Bexar 
County Jail Friday afternoon. 
The soldier had been turned over to 
Ft. Sam Houston authorities- Friday morning after being arrested at Ran­ dolph AFB. Randolph Eifficials said the private was caught allegedly trying to steal a civilian’s car parked on the base. 
Military officials had issueil an alert for the 22-year-old soldier Wednesday night after a truck was stolen at Ft 
Sam Houston. Universal City police reportedly spotted the vehicle but lost it w hile giv ing chase. 
A few hours later, the private was arrested at Randolph, the spokesman said. 
Local police had been searching for the man since Wednesday night when un El Paso man and woman told police they had been forced at gun pEiint to 

E lm o to San Antonio. 
The two, Dorothy L. Covington. 52. and Joe Edward Wheeler, 24, said the man jum ped out of the autom obile after ordering it driven into a down­ town parking garage. 
The man mumbled something alwiut seeing a friend at Lackland AFB, the pair told police. Papers identifying the man as a Ft. Bliss soldier were left in the car, officers reported. 
Army officials identified the soldier as Pfc. John M. Brown, (’ Battery, 3rd 
Training Batallion (missile), 1st Air 
Defense Artillery Training Brigade. 
Military officials said the man was iMiokE'El into Hie* federal sivtion Elf Bex­ ar County Jail, charged with being absent without leave. 
Iii* is scheduled to be transferred to 
Ft. Bliss where he faces auto theft and attempted auto theft charges. 

Muniz gets 5 years 

CORPUS 
CHRISTI 
(AP) 
- 
Form er R aza Unida g u b e rn a to ria l candidate Ram sey Muniz was se n ­ tenced to two m ax im u m five-year terms Friday after pleading guilty to conspiring to smuggle marijuana and bond jumping. 
U.S. District Court Judge Owen Cox said the sentences are to be served concurrently, but consecutive to a five-year term Muniz received in San 

Antonio March I. The sentences spell 
B) years im prisonm ent for the two- time candidate. 
Mum/’s guilty plea to the conspiracy charge was part of a plea bargain in which the rem ainder of an 11-count indictment was dismissed March 7. 
The most recent indictment alleged 
Muniz conspired to sm uggle 1,1oo pounds of marijuana to Birmingham, 
Ala., between June 15 and Dec. 7, 1975. 

The San Antonio indictm ent allt*ges 
Muniz conspired to s m u g g le 832 pounds of marijuana from Mexico to a ranch in Medina County. 
Muniz was indicted in November of last year. When he failed to appear in court Nov. 22, 1976, bon d -ju m p in g charges were filed against him. He was arrested in Mexico and turned over to U.S. agents in Laredo last 
C h ristin as m orning. 

SAPD holds 

 m iscellaneous 

 goods auction 

More than 2oo miscellaneous items of personal property unclaimed by former owners will be auctioned at 9 a.in. Saturday by the Sun Antonio 
Police Department. 

The auction, which excludes auto­ mobiles and bicycles, will Ik* open to the general public and will be in the basement parking area entrance on the southeast silk* of the police building; 

Included iii the list are television sets, stereos, jewelry, citizen band radios, firearm s and housi'hold items. 

Lawns ‘'Beauty 
NURSERY 
* 
INC 

8 6 5 o B a n d e ra R o a d 

St. A u jw itiM (Carpet) 
_ 
^ 
GR ASS . . .FULL P A LLET 
O # 
LISS THAN A FULL PALLET................... 
I . o 7 14. y t 

FLCMtATAM .. fu n r a l u t 
J . 3 9 f 4. 

L IU THAN A f u ll R A U H ....................... 
I .6 9 ,q y4. 

COMPUTE 
PRODUCTS AVAILABLE, 

TREES 
PLANT) 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit O ur Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “ FARM TO Y O U " 
PRICES And S AVE I! 

O P E N D a ily 8 -7 P M . 
6 8 4 -3 1 IO 

9 more win sweepstakes 

There are nine more winners in the lucky Ex- press-N ew s 
$5o,ooo 
Sweepstakes ’77. 

You should get your entry in. Sunday’s bonus number winner will gE*l a stereo sy stem valued over ll ,3o1) 

The latest daily win­ ners received prices ranging from $5o to a pair of Spurs tickets. 

Jam es (J, Jones, Hwy 
181 S., won the big $5o gift certificate. He says 

 he ll spend it al Handy 
Andy. 

La Ne 11 W ancek, 37o 
Riverside Dr., won $25. 

O th er w inners are 
Harry Miller. 1o7 E. Huff 
Ave.; Orville U. Mackey, 
Route 2; Ann R iestcr, 
67o1 Blanco Road; Janie 
Wit b ra sh , 2o9 Auvant, and R uth Ju h an n in g s- meier, 387 Goodhue Ave. 
They all won $1o. 
Other winners in the exciting sweepstakes are 
Allele Teague, Box 63 iii 
Floresville, and Francis 

G lascock, 
23o 
B rees 
Blvd. They won a pair of tickets to the Spurs bas­ ketball game. 
You, too, can be a win­ ner. Just fill out the entry coupon, complete with 
Social Security number and mail it in. 
T hen watch for w in­ ning numbers rn the dai­ ly Express or The Ni*ws or the weekend 
Ex- press-N ew s. lf your number is printed, you are a winner, 

No purchase is neces­ 

 sary. Entry coupons art* av a ila b le in the Ex- press-News lobby from 
8:3o a.rn. to 5:3o p.m. w eekdays. 
W inning numbers may also bi* in­ spected during these hours. 

Prizes are in the form i»f gilt c e rtific a te s ti> stores or services adv e t * 
Using iii the Express, 
The Ni’ws and the Ex­ press-New s. 

S a tu r d a y ’s winning num bers, entry coupon and rules are oil Page OU. 

 the everything in place wall 

1o4’* wide free standing wall unit in 

 teak. 
The perfect solution for books, 

 stereo and TV. An $ 8 13 .o o value. 

Cash and Carry price 
552 

 i—Ii—‘i il iame 

 i9§) San Pedro • 'evidential J44 2 le r c ia l 34 M i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 

Providing a touch o f lively Irish music to the Second Annual St. Patrick’s D ay Fes­ tivities Friday is Pipe M aj. Jack Brown. 
Brown's music was just part o f the fun at the annual event sponsored by the Irish 
C ultural Society o f San A ntonio. 

Huebner asks growth plan accord 

By J IM WOOD 
San Antonians have more area in which to agree than disagree over the San Antonio Growth 
Sketch, City Mgr. Tom 
Huebner said Friday as he sought to bring the controversial document into perspective. 
“ We should not argue over dots on a map,” he said, referrin g to a 
Growth Sketch map that shows planning projec­ tions of where growth will develop during the next 2o years. 
He also emphasized that the plan is not a “ no growth” plan and is not a plan that directs how land can be used. 
Further, he said the 
Growth Sketch will not cause property taxes to go up. To the contrary, if the city does not have a master plan to direct where tax money is spent, then taxes will be higher, Huebner said. 

The Growth Sketch was described as the first 

 step toward preparation of a master plan. 
Following 
F rid a y ’s discussion, City Council scheduled formal consi­ deration for Thursday. 
In the m eantim e, 
Mayor Lila Cockrell in­ structed the City P la n ­ ning Commission and staff to draw up a report before Thursday stating how they propose to use the Growth Sketch while work on an overall mas­ ter plan continues. 

Strait jacket 
The mayor also said she will not be a party tit a no-growth policy or one that puts the city in a 
“ strait jacket.” 
Huebner said his in­ structions to the staff w ill be planning “ consistent with market realities.” 
The Growth Sketch en­ visions a population in­ crease of 3oo.ooo by the year 2ooo, a projection 
Huebner believes is con­ servative. 
Population shifts from northern states to the Sun 

Belt and the higher than average birth rate in San 
Antonio may raise the total considerably, he said. 

As for the Edwards 
Aquifer, the source of the c ity ’s drinking water, 
Huebner said he is sensi­ tive to the need to protect it. 

Some areas of it should not be developed, he said, but added that others can be safely de­ veloped and should be. 
“ It does not have to re­ main a wilderness." 

Councilman I). Ford 
Nielsen, who was not present Friday, blasted the 
Growth 
Sketch 
Thursday, claiming it would cause taxes to go up because land uses would be changed. 

Councilman Phil Pyn- dus, who is running for re-election in the same district as Nielsen, asked for point by point clarifi­ cation of those claims. 

 all musk....all the time 
TCQXT 

FM STEREO 1o2 

PLANT BEAUTIFUL COLOR NOW BY WOLFE NURSERIES 
OPEN EVERYDAY 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY I O a.m. to 6 p.™ 

Shop with confidence ... where the people know. 
We have 
3o 
Certified 
Nursery 
People working for 
Wolfe 
Nursery. 
We have over 7 5 % of the pro­ ven knowledgeable people in 
San 
Antonio. 
Wolfe 
Nurseries always supports any program or project which will bring the San Antonio buying public the very best. 
SHOP WITH THE LEADERS 

BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 

We hove them . 
Values to 

SS.98. Choose from: BEGONIAS, 

FERNS, WANDERING JEW ... YOU 

NAME IT ... WE HAVE IT 
CHOICE OF THE HOUSE 

FREE! 
CALIFORNIA PATENTED 
ROSE BUSHES 

BUY 2 AT REGULAR PRICE 
GET ONE SAME REGULAR PRICE FREE 
Guarantee your money back if you can find a higher quality rose af any price. 
C hoose fro m : 

IIG . U SO 

 lemon Spice 
Jolly Roger 
Pink Parfait 
Red Cushion 
Yellow Cushion 
Circus Pot ode 
(ontempo 
(I (adenia touch of Venus 
Son Antonio 
Pilgrim 

■fG .tt.7S 

Summer Sunshine 
Phoenu 
Song of Pons 

■IG HOO 

 bolden Pony 
Angti fate 
Eiffel Tower 
Rose Poi ode 

BUY 2 ROSE BUSHES AT REGULAR 
PRICE AND GET ONE AT SAME 
REGULAR PRICE FREE. 

PLANT SHADE TREES NOW! 
Thse are all in perfect condition for now planting. 

Ole 
Cl Big Splash 
Puerto Brio 
Cl Jospeh sCoat 
Sweet Afton 
King s Ransom 

REG. <4.25 
REG, $5 OO 

Ban Bon 
Ann Factor 
Granada 
Apollo 
Cathedral 
Fragrant Cloud 

RIG. >4.5o_________ 
Perfume Delight 

Miss All American Beauty 
REG $5.25 

Mister lincoln 
Ancona 
Aquarius 
Prominent 
Command Performance 
Typhoo leo 
First Edition 
Marmalade 
Pose oh 
Seashell 
Sabra 
Yankee Doodle 

RIG. $4,75 
RIG. <5.5o 

Hocus Focus 
Oieqold 

Misty 
Cl Amenta 

Tropicona 
RIG.J5.95 

Oouble Delight 

ARIZONA ASH 
5 t# 7 It. loll, bettor! end bwrfapoed............. 
ARIZONA ASH 
I To IO Ft. Toll Ballad I Bu.!upped ... V.VO . 
MIMOSA SHADE TREES 
G ft. loll, growing in I gel. cen...................... 
MIMOSA SHADE TREE 
I lo IO lf. tell, growing in 3 got. con. 
....... 
NON-BEARING MULBERRY 
S lo A ft. toll, growing in I got. can 
....... 
NON-BEARING MULBERRY 
1o ti intl, growing in 3 gel. con 
. 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREES 
S ie 6 ft. fell, growing in I got. con................ 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREES 
IO ft. tell, growing in 3 gal. con.................. 
CHINESE UMBRELLA TREE 
I " lo I V t " caliber, growing in 3 gal. cen...... 
HYBRID UVE OAK TREE 
Growing in 3 go., co n ............ 
RED SPANISH OAK 
Growing in 3 gel. cen 
................ 
LOMBARDY POPULAR 
S lo A ft. K»«, growing rn I gel. coni ... 
SILVER MAPLE 
S lo A ft leN, frowning rn I gel. coni. . , 
SILVER MAPLE 
A Ie I ft. ten, growing in 3 gel. cen.... 
COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD 
$ Ie A ft. te i, growing ie I gel, c e n ...,. 
COTTONLESS COTTONWOOD fie I ft. ion, growing in 5 gel. cene . . 
WEEPING WILLOW 
A to I ti ton, growing in 5 go), con . . . . 

‘2.98 tach 

2 For *19.oo 

*2.98 

*6.98 

*2.98 

*6.98 

*2.98 

*6.98 

*6.98 

*7.98 •ach for * 1 5 ° ° 

BLOOM ING 
ARMSTRONG’S 
BONANZA DWARF 
PEACH TREES 
Beautiful decoration 
... bears fruit. Tiro geneticly dwarf trot. 
Tree bears fruit when ifs 3 ft. toll 
... now bearing silo. 
*8.98 ga. 2 tor *17.oo 

RED BUD TREES 
A to 7 ft. toll. Wall shaped bush. 
Growing in 3 gal. can. Blooming aH over city now 
*5.98 

EVERBEARING 
STRAWBERRY 
PLANTS 
INDIVIDUAUY porno 
2 9* go. 

4 T 
S'1 .o o 

LARGE ASSORTMENT 

OF VEGETABLE SEEDS 

AT POPULAR PRICES 

CALIFORNIA ARMSTRONG 
ROSE BUSHES 
NEW CROP ... A R R IV IN G D A IL Y 
PLANT N O W FOR B IST RESULTS 
Plonted in one gallon cons, each a select rose, plant now for bast results. Guaranteed. Double your money back if you can find roses of bettor quality cmd bettor root system. 
$2.19« 3tor$6.5o 

6 1 .,‘ 1 2 .5 o 
Choose from: White, Tallows, Pinks, Rod, Two-tone and others. Bush A climbers. 35 varieties to choose from. 

BLOOMING ITEMS 
AVAILABLE NOW 
Merigold 
In Flats .. 15 
6 for 89 
Z X X . 29* 4tor*1.15 

B L O O M IN G 
GERANIUMS 
•right rod, etc., growing in pots 

6 9 ' . m 
3 ,.,‘2 .o o 
ALL COLORS 

CALADIUM 
BULBS 
Whit# with groan, rods with groan, rod, pink, I wonderful colors - LAB GI BULBS ... AU COL­ 
ORS 

2o* „ 
5 i., 8 9 * 

LARGER BULBS...All COLO*! 

7 9* „ 3 far‘ 2 .o o 

LOOK AT THIS! 

Two kinds of trait on tree - PUCH A 
PLUM or 
HIC 
TARINI A PEACH tre e 
*6.98 

OLEANDERS y in bud or bloom. I dose to blooming. Growing in yut- can. Hardy Pink, Salmon and 
Whit*. 

!]•’ ’ » 
S t* ’9.5o 
Smeller well rooted 
79' aa. 3 loc ‘2.25 

B L O O M IN G 
AZALEAS 
Any in bloom. All in bed. All Col­ ors. Dwarf end tall growing in containers. 
*1.99 M. 
5 lo. *9.5o 
LARGER A MORE 
U N U SU AL VARIETIES 

*2.99 
2 for *5.9o 

HIBISCUS 
Singles A Doubles 
Rod A Pink ^ largo plants growing in 
I 
$ 1 A Q gal can . . . . 
I . T V ea. 

CALADIUM 
PLANTS 
Very colorful. All colors. 

6 9 ' „ 3 . . , ‘ 2 .o o 

CRAPE MYRTLE 
Blooms most oil summer, l f to $ I OO so1* toil 
1 . 7 7 
Watermelon Rod e a ch 
*7.98 

*2.98 

*2.98 

*6.98 

*3.98 

*6.98 

‘6.98 

BLOOMING 
SWEET BLOOM 
Uses ore pretty Growing in I gel. ten. 
*2.99 coch 

LARGER SIZE 
*9.98 each 

LOQUAT lepers#*# Plum largo $ I 
Q Q 
•eof evergreen. Grew- 
• e T T mg rn I gall en cen. neck 
LARGER 
6 ft. silo Ire# shape. ’ 9 .9 8 each 

BEAUTIFUL PLANTS 
TO MAKE YOUR O W N 
HANGING BASKETS 
Spregen Foot, Ptumoso Font, Velvet Plants. Spider 
Plants, Fantasia, Variegated Fantasia, Abosia, 
Groan Jaw, PMurpie Striped tow, Mouse Ears tow 
(Baby), White Striped low, Boarded low, lady Boot 
Jaw, Blooding Heart, Dollar Plant and Polka-Dot plonts. 
YOUR 

 choice 
6 9 ‘ ooch 
3 for >2.oo 

BUY A PLANT FERNS 
IDEAL FOR HANGING BASKETS 
All growing in I gal. cans 

SPRENGER! FERN 
(Asparagus Font) Extra largo 
1.99 ea. 

TABLE FERNS 
(assorted)............................. 1.99 aa. 

HOUY FERNS.........................*2.99 M 

OUTDOOR FOLIAGE PLANTS 
PHUODFNORON SUIOUM 
Split leaf. lergo loaf. Growing in I gal. a a con.............................................................. 
A .V Y 
ASPIDISTRAS t o OQ 
Cost Iron Plant. Tho idee) shade plant . . . 2 . V V 
AGMA JAPONICA 
Geld Dust Plant. 24 to 3b" tell, growing in 3 gal. can 
........................ 
*9.99 

PLANT CONTAINER GROWN 
FRUIT TREES FOR BEST RESULTS 

2 year* eld, 3 to b ft. ted. Growing in I gel. cen. 
Mott oil in leaf and bloom. Choose from: PUCH, 
NICTARINI, APPL!, PUR and PLUM Trees. 
*3.98 « 
2 ,.,*7.5o 

FAST GROW ING 
HEDGE PLANTS 
ARMOUR RIVER PRIVET 
5 to b ft ted. 

' I M 
- 
IO 
* 1 2 .5 o 
(automa ntvn 
IS to 24 toll. ani 
BA 
CW f A lathy............. 79 ae. IO tor 7.5o ll GUNTRUM JAPANESE 

* 1 .4 9 ee. IO tor * 1 2 .5 o 

LARGE SPECIMEN SHRUBS 
IDEAL FOR LANDSCAPING 
Ad growing rn 3 gel. cent. 
JAPANESE YEW 
3o ta 42" tad. Tho bast of shrub........... 7.99 aa. 
WAJUIAF lUaOtUM 
Approx. 41" tad. Tho hardiest of shrub 
7.99 ae. 
•OXWOOO litre tor go Beautiful groan............... 
7 .9 9 ae. 
IOSPORUM GRI Eh 
.......................... * 7 .9 9 m mn 

M X OS MATCH 
4 ta, * 2 9 .5 o 
PLANT THESE 
GOODIES NOW! 

HORSE RADISH .............. 
9 8 * 

ARTICHOKE.....................‘ 1 .9 9 

BOYSENBERRY.................... 8 9 ' 

DEWBERRY...................... 8 9 ' 

RASPBERRY...................... 8 9 ' 

AU GROWING IN I GAL U NS. 

PREPARE THOSE VEGETABLE 
GARDENS PROPERLY 
POTTING SOU 
25 to. tack.............................. 
PLANTING SAND 
Approx a be. b eg ................. 
TOPSOIL 
Meal for planting. SO to. seek 
COW MANURE 
„ 
Guaranteed weed free. 5o to seek 
1 . 8 9 seek 

SHffP MANURE 
Wed retted. SO to sock........................* 1 . 8 9 tech 

MIX OR MATCH 
5 far * 9 . o o 

‘ 1.89 tack 

‘ 1.89 seek 

‘ 1.89 seek 

GRAPEVINES largo vines, growing to 
I gal. cees. 
98 m 3 fo r‘2.85 

CITRUS THIES 
S St tex 
Orewlng Im 
«ontoino,» I year* I fretted Chee** ‘ 
Toneorine. 
Or 

•6.99 » 2 iw *13.5o 

PLANT YOUR VEGETABLE 
GARDEN NOW! 
>w is the how to plant your vegetable garde 
The exports od agree that tho early port of March is the perfect planting time for vegetable, letter 
Yields. Bettor and bushier plants. 
Plant your garden vegetable now. We have a large assortment of vegetable plants now to choose from: look at these beauties growing in a pock, b to B plants to peck. Cheese from: BROCCOU-Green Com­ et, BRUSSEL SPROUTS-Jade Cross, CABBAGE Emerald 
Cross I Golden Oast, CAULIFLOWERS Snow Ball. 6 plants to troy. 
59* troy trays J for 
1.75 

M IX OR MATCH 
PIPPER PUNTS ... 6 to 8 plants to troy. Choose from: CoWormo 
Wonder 
A Jalapono Hot 
... 594 troy 3 trays fur $1.75 
TOMATO PUNTS... Individually pottod. 12 verities 
........... 
134 en. 8 for 994 
PIPPER PUNTS ... Individually pottod. Choose from: 
IONG YELLOW SWEET, BEU BOY, CALIFORNIA WON­ 
DER, GOLD SPIKE, 
JALA PENO and LONG 
RED CAYENNE....................... 134 to . 8 fo r 994 

EGG PUNTS....................... 
134 t a . 8 fo r 894 
CUCUMBER........................... 134 t o . 8 fo r 994 

SOUA5H............................... 134 t a . 8 fo r 994 
CANTALOUPE....................... 134 t a . 8 fo r 994 
OKRA.................................... 134 to . 8 fo r 994 
WATERMELON...................... 134 ta . 8 fo r 994 
SWEETCORN......................... 134 t a . 8 fo r 994 

BRUSSEL SPROUTS................. 134 ga. 8 fo r 994 

 cabbag e............................. 134 ta . 8 fo r 994 
COLLARDS............................. 134 ta . 8 fo r 994 
ASPARAGUS ROOTS . 
Washington, large roots . 394 ta . 3 fo r $1.15 
RHUBARB ROOTS...Giant Victoria ........... 794 ta . 
BERMUDA GREEN ONION 
PUNTS- .Nico bunch................................ 984 bunch 

SHANOT ONIONS............................................... 494 a BUNCH 

HEDGE PLANTS & 
GROUND COVERS 
BOXWOOD 
W ell rooted plonts 
29* 
IO tor‘2.5o 

19* OO 
JAPANESE LIGUSTUM 
Fast g ro w in g 
IO fo r‘1.85 
ENGLISH IVY 
6 p lo n t to tra y 
I .A V troy 
ALGERIAN IVY 
6 p la n t* to tra y 
1 ,4 V 
V A R IA T E D ALGERIAN IVY 
6 p la n ts to tra y 
1 ,4 V 

 tray 

 troy 

FRUIT TREES 

*4.98 

*4.98 
*4.98 

*4.98 
*4.98 

APRICOT TREES lorge tree, growing in 3 gel. can. 
Choose tram Moorpark, b to 7 ft. tad 
................................. 
PLUMS TREES lor go tieo, growing in 3 gal. con. b to I ft. tod. Otoe se from Burbank, 
Santo Rosa, purple leaf.................. 
NECTARINE terne tree, growing in 3 gel. con. 7 to I ft. tad. wrocrop I Goldmine .. 
PEACH TREES 
Trees growing in 3 gel. can. b to I ti tall Choose from Sam Houston, 
Elberta, too Oso and Florida.......... 
APPLE TREES taro# tao growing in 3 gal. con. b to J ft. ted. Johnathan 
.............. 

FERTILIZE THAT 
LAW N N O W ! 
Your yard needs food now. Food it only tho bast. 

GUIN GRO UWN FOOO 
, , A ( 
12-4-b with Iron. SD to bog 
* 6 . V 5 ta ck 
3 w ‘2o.oo 
GREEN GRO UWN FOOO 
With insecticide, todds and kills i f n e insects at the some time 
/ 
J sock 
3 to, *22.5o 
WACCO UWN t GARDIN FERTILIZER 
1o-5-S. Ideal vegetable garden, town s-y n r 
SO lh seek............................................ 
7 . Y 5 

FR!I USI Of (PRE ADER ON YOUR PURCHAS! OF 
GRUN GRO FfRTIUZIR! 
VIGORO HR I IU/ER em n o 
5o to seek.............................................. 
’ 5 . V B 
AMMONIUM SULPHATE 
. . n o 
21-o-o5o to. seek.................................... 
4 . Y 8 
GREEN UGMT PHAN FOOO 
25 to. beg. Food* tho ho* properly u A n 
Foods S-S cohper hoot 
................... 
* O .Y V 
GRUN UGH! GENERA! PURPOSE PUN! s r r n 
FOOO Wool for garden, ate 25 to. sock., J . l f 

SPECIAL GROUP 
SHRUB SALE 
A ll R e g u la r $ 1 .9 9 

CHINESE HOUY 12" to l l " ted... *1 .2 9 eg. 
W AKI!Af LUCIDIUM IS ted ... ‘1.2 9 m . 
BURFORD! HOLLY 
IS" toll . . . *1 .2 9 M . 
GARDENIAS (verhtoemmg Id" lad. .*1 .2 9 aa. 
JAPANESE YEW I ta 12 tad . . 
* 1 .2 9 m 
PYRACANTHA J4 io U t.ll .. 
*1 .2 9 M . 

 y o u r 
CHOICE * 1 . 2 9 to. 4 for 
5 . o o 

BEDDING PLANTS SALE 
We have solid truck loads of beautiful bedding plants for your shopping pleasure. 
Choose From: 
AGERATUM 

Blue Bloter 
Summer Snow 
North Seo 

ALYSSUM BLOOMING 

Roue o Day 
Royal Carpet 
Tiny Tim 
ASTER 

Powder Puff Mixture 

CANDYTUFT 

(bens Hardy White 

CARNATION 

(houbaud Mixture 
(houbaud Red fhoubaud Pink 

CELOSIA 

DUSTY MfLUR 

Cineraria Maritime Diamond 

HOLLYHOCK 

Powderpuffs Dbl Mixture 

LOBELIA 

Jewel Box, Dwt Mix 
Kordinol. Dwt Red 

COLEUS 

Rainbow 
Carefree 
Red Velvet 

DAHUAS 

Unwins Dwarf Mixture 

DAISIES 

Gerbera Duplex Mix 
Glonosa 
Alasko 
DIANTHUS 

Borbotus 
Mogn Chorms 
We* Willie 

Crystal Palore Blue 

MARIGOLDS 
Spaceage 
Apollo 
Moonshot 
Double fogie 
Doubloon 
Petite Mixture 
Petite Harmony 
Petite Orong* 
Petite Yellow 
Sparky 

PANSY 

Steele s Jumbo Mix 

SINGLE PETUNIAS 

MIXED SHAMS 

Old Glory 
Californio Grants 
Cornuto! Deluxe 
Bottle Dazzle 

RED SHAPES 

Condy Apple 
Comonch* 
El Toro 
Red Coscode 
Red Mogic 

WHITE SHADES 

Whits Coscode Blooming 
White (dogie 
Snow Cloud Blooming 

HUI, p u tp u t WIN! SHADIS 

Black Mogic 
Copei 
Burgundy 
Royal Coscode 
Sugor Daddy 

PINK SHADIS 

Chiffon Coscode 
Pink Coscode 
Pink Magic 

SALMON SHAPES 

Apple Blossom 
Ballerina 
Corol Coscode 

SINGLE PETUNIAS 

VARIEGATED SHADES 

Calypso 
Minstrel 
Bingo Improved 

WINI-PURfU t WHITE 

Storfire 

YELLOW SHADIS 

Summer Sun 

DRL. PfTUNIAS-GRANPIfLORAS 

Ball Mix 
Valentine 
Sonora 
Blue Crown 
Salmon Bouquet 
Circus 

PIL PfTUNIAS-MULTIFLORAS 

Sweet Torts 
Raspberry Tort 
Apple Tort 
Cherry Tort 
Snowberry Tort 
Plum Tort 

PHLOX 

Beauty Mix 

PORTULACA (MOSS ROSE) 

Double Mix 
SALVIA 

Red Pillar 
St Johns fire 
Violet Home 
{vening Glow 
White Fire 

SNAPDRAGONS 

Floral Carpet 
Rocket Brome 
Rotket Pink 
Rorket Red 
Rocket Yellow 

STOCK 

Bismarck Double Mix 

TORCHIA 

Dwarf Dark Blue 
VERIENAS 

Spirit of '76 
Ideal Florist Mu 
Dazzle 
Splendor 

VINCA (PIRIWINKIE) 

 little Mix little Pinkie little Bright (yes 
Semidworf Mix 

ZINNIAS 

Button Box Mix 
Pink Buttons 
Red Buttons 
Sombrero 

6 to 8 plants per tray 

C O * per 
J 7 tray 
3 r ‘ 1 . 7 5 6 r 
* 3 . 4 5 

BLOOMING 
CAROLINA JASMINE 
Blooms yellow trumpet shop* flowers, lorge plant growing in I gal. con.. . . *1 .9 9 

SMALLER 
Well rooted 79* on. 3 tor*2 .2 5 

CAMELLIA 
PLANT largo wtll rooted plants 
98 m. 
5 tor *4.75 

LARGE 
HYBRID LIVE OAK 
Approx. I ft. toll. 
Heavy tree Growing . . . . . in 15 gal. con. 
3 9 . o o 

WINDMILL PALM 
Beautiful shope 
Ideal for indoor planters or if O O outdoor planters. ' * 7 7 
Growing in 3 gal. can. each 

FIG TREES 

 m 
V j V 
^ * 2 
. 9 
8 
^ 

OUT ALL 
PECAN TREES 
V A LU ! 9.9 9 TO T 9 .99 
All at one price while present supply lasts. 

* 3 . o o each 
ONLY AT THIS! 
WOLFE NURSERIES 
37oo BROADWAY 
88o2 PERRIN-BEITEl 
1134 PAT BOOKER RD. 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
ONLY WHILE PRESENT 
SUPPLY LASTS 

REG. 794 PKG. 
PERENNIALS 
Hardy Phlox md athort. lfi4tvi4v@My ptitliog8(j 

4 
8 
C pkg. UNITS 

(Clip and bring this coupon) 
(UM III, im. inn MV taro i 

CANNA ROOT 

AUOtTtD COLOSS 

2 o ’ ta. 
UMH 5 

(Cig ond bring this coupon) 
(UU in. tat.Sm MS OM) 

RIG 14.75 
SUN SONG ROSI BUSH loaded with bud*. 
Blooms orange. Growing in I gal. cm. 

$ 2 
2 S each LIMIT I 
(Cig ond bring this coupon) 
(UU he, Set, MHI MV Mw,) 

I 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

I . I SOT R UIZ 2 . 7 o o 7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 

3 . 3 7 o o BRO ADW AY 4 . 6 7 1 4 SO. FLORES 

5 . I 1 3 4 PAT ROOKER RD. UNIVERSAL CITY 

6 . 8 8 o 2 PERRIN-BEITEL 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy March 19 1977 

Dillards 

 just 12 of many super savings for saturday shoppers 
...from Dillard's 

 save 3 3 % ! jrs. new coordinates 
1/3 OFF 

$33 gaucho dress ... $ 22 $2o skirt ... 13.34 
$25 sundress ..... 16.67 $2o pants . 13.34 
$25 zip hooded jacket ................... 16.67 

Juniors, not all items at all stores. 

-■*V 
'ti 

 super purchase on short gowns! 
4.99 

These polyester/cotton gowns in assorted pastels, embroidered or lace trimmed are a super buy in sizes S-M -l. 

Sleepwear 

 save 5 o % , more! jewelry specials 
99* 

Necklaces, pierced and clip earrings, fabulous fun rings ... all part of a superb jewelry ex­ travaganza. Buy now! 

Jewelry 

 save 1.o5-1.7o! girls' short sets 
2o% OFF 

For one day only, our regular stock of 2-pc. short sets are yours in a variety of colors, styles, sizes 4 to 7, 7 to 14. 

Girls 

 infant, toddlers short sets now... 
2o% OFF 
Our 2-pc. short sets feature short-sleeved shirts, boxer waisted shorts in solids, prints, trims, 12 mo. to 24 mo., 2 to 4 yrs. 

Children's 

 save 5 o % , more! men's knit shirts 
8.99 

O rig. $19-2o. O u r famous maker short sleeve knit shirts feature 1 o o % Qiana® ny­ lon, assorted colors in sizes S-M-L-XL. 

Men's Sportswear 

 save 4.o1! men's rugby knit shirts 
7.99 

Orig. $12. These colorful striped knit shirts in polyester/cotton are a super purchase in sizes 
S-M-L-XL. 

Men's Sportswear 

J 
3 1 % off! special men's knit shirts 
12.99 

These famous maker short sleeve knit shirts are available in a variety of styles, stripes, colors, in acetate/polyester S-M-L-XL. 
Men's Sportswear 

 save $21 to $31! 
M aytag appliances 
$288 and $ I 98 washer dryer 
Now save 21.95 on our deluxe M aytag wash­ ing machine or 31.95 on a heavy duty elec­ tric dryer . . . super appliance buy! 

Appliances 

 save 81.95! color 
TV by Magnavox 
$548 

Rag. 629.95. Our 2 5 " diagonal color con­ sole TV has Mediterranean styling, solid state chassis, top quality from Magnavox! 

Televisions 

 super 11.95 off! 
Sanyo music system 
$ 188 

Rag. 199.95. Complete music system fea­ tures built-in cassette, A M / F M radio, quality stereo system, 4-channel speakers. 

Stereos 

 save $8! Schick 
12oo watt dryer 
16.99 

Orig. 24.99. This 4-speed professional style dryer is the ultimate in high speed drying power. Super Schick! 

Housewares 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

Page 
A 
H 
Son Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Saturday March 19 1977 
Three for $159. 

PRICE INCREASE APRIL 1st 
BU Y NOW A N D S A V E 
W,iM untls priced unbelievably right Complete three unit group as shown is S159 Each ready to assemble unit is 12 deep. 3o wide. 72 high and may be purchased separately 
Sntee n inch depth extra shelves and another model offered at slightly higher prices 
V in y l clad finishes are white chocolate brown walnut light or dark butcher block Fin ished natural elm veneer wood units are also available Master Charge BankAm ericard or revolving charge plan storehouse 

6 5 4 7 S a n P e d ro at the corner of J a c k so n Keller fin V illage Plara) let 341 2281 

Teachers unit aided frien d ly’ candidates 

By LIZ SWEET 
The' chairm an of the 
Texas Educators Politi­ cal Action C om m ittee 
(TEPAC) said Friday the committee helped cled 
HI 
T exas le g isla to rs friendly to education. 
Russell Owen told the committee that IO candi­ dates for the Senate and 
71 can d id a tes for the 
House who w ere e n ­ dorsed by TEPAC won rn the Nov. 2, 1976 election 
The TEPAC board of trustees met during the 

It is m ost im p o rta n t fo r ed u ca tio n 's future to elect can d id a tes fr ie n d ly to e d u c a tio n ' 

Texas State T each ers 
Assn. 98th annual con­ vention continuing through Saturday in the 
San Antonio Convention 
Center. 
In 1976. TEPEC spent 
$3,15o for contributions to candidates running for 
^enate seats and $9,3oo to support candidates in the 

 house races 
Counting other state elections. Owens said. 
TEPEC contributed a to­ tal of $13,7oo. 
In o th er action, the board members voted to endorse a resolution to include a section for vo­ luntary political action c o n trib u tio n s on the 
Ex-Miss America: 
Failure part o f life 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
Most young people grow up never realizing failure is a part of life, a fo rm e r Miss A m erica said Friday. 
Marilyn Van Derbur, 
Miss America of 1958. 
^GRIMM’S 

— j uour complete professional pardon confer 

OPEN D A ILY 8 :3 o -6 :o o — SU N D A Y 9 :o o -6 :o o 

NORTHWEST 
17o4 Bender* Rd 
PH. 434-4111 

B/B FRUIT AND PECAN TREES l f ; * ALL WELL K N O W N VARIETIES! 
ViOFF 
REGULAR 
PRICE 

ALL SALES FINAL 

SHADE A FLOW ERING 
TREES 
3 Gal. MIMOSA - 5 -7’ 
Req $4 98 
Sal* 
S,w J 
3 Gal. GOLDEN RAINS 5 -7' 
Reg S7 98 
Sole 
4 . 9 7 
Flowering PEACHES 
A 7 
Reg $1298(5 9o1) 
S a l* 
/ . t / 
Flowering PEACHES 
. . . . . 
Reg S 17 9871o 9o1) 
Sol. 
1 4 . 7 / 

COVERS S.OOO SO. FT. 
95 ms* 

 ferti-lome 

WEED KILLER 

PLUS 
LAWN 
FERTILIZER 

Weed ’em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 
APPLY NOW!!! 
Y o u c a n tru st y o u r la w n to ferti-lome.../f works! ferti-lome 

 ferti-lome 

LAWN 

C O N TA IN IN G 
CHELATED IRON 

RED BUD Most Blooming S 1 A 9 8 
TREES 
Now! 
1 o ” 
* 6 9 
95 

HARDY INDOOR FOLIAGE SALE 
BEAUTIFUL DEVELOPED PLANTS 
I Gal. NEATHE BELLE P A L M 
18 -24’’ * 3 . 9 7 
I Gal. FICUS BENJI..................24”-3o” * 4 . 9 7 
6” Pot DRACENA, 
Janette Graig 18”-2o” * 3 . 9 7 
6” Pot DRACENA M a rg in a l . . . 18 -24 ’ * 3 . 9 7 
6’’ Pot DRACENA Massengena. . . 1S '-18" * 3 . 9 7 

7 o Lb.* I 1 4* 
Chelated iron will make your lawn greener! 

An ideal basic lawn food 

GALORAMA BONANZA 

Values Front '1.98 to *2.98 
Boxwood, Eleognes, M. Youpons, 
SW. Viburnium, Rosemary, Asst, junipers, Asst. Pines, Mimosa Trees, 
Gold Rain Trees 
YOUR 
S I 39 
ICE 
Now I ea. 

You can trust your lawn to ferti-lome...it works! ferti-lome 

FRESH STOCK 
CALIFORNIA ROSES! 
Now and ok)' AM 
Amnicon Rose* growing m 2 gal com. fogged bu. to nam. Only proven vori.fi.* for San 
Antonio, HY WHO, 
GRAND) FLORAS, FLORA 
BUNDAS & CLIMBERS 

S O 
W 
H ^ 
Up 
MOW 

 ferti-lome 

SPRAY 

 ferti-lome 
ROSE FOOD 

CONTAINING SYSTEMIC INSECTICIDE 

Rudy Says: 

OW IS THE TIME 

TO FEED YOUR TREES ferti-lome 

TREE AND SHRUB 

FOOD! 

M AKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO D IG — 

Has Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 
$4.95 
2o-lb. 
BAG 

4o-lB. 
BAG 
8.95 

 l A i i r v m a 1 6o1 ,B ^urp,e 
» 
W SIERA Clusters Blooms 

Systemic action goes directly into the root system and works throughout the entire plant. 

Q t* 6 .9 8 
5 Lbs. Box * 2 .9 8 
You can trust your roses to ferti-lome... it works! 

NOW 
VEGETABLES 
(ted and Whit*) 
Potatoes 
Tomatoes 
Squash 
Cantaloupe 
Rubarb 
Cucumbers 
Asparagus lettuce 
Horse Radish 
Okra 
Strawberries iWater Meltons 
(Sweet or Net) 
Peppers 

COUPON. 

. AOD PUT MOSS 
Imfco »*— oui** to wit CNH*WW 
••Bit* 
o o 
« COURON 
WW 

CO U PO N 
BZI ASSOC VITAE 
74 NIP Uh. MIK*,#, t***y#een Im aamn rn 
Meg. |WfM| bf SAW 
| « i | 
• (OU** 
<•> 

^ C O U P O N , 

“ IS S C " I 
M ar Ute*. feat*. 
EW 
16857 
69* 
3 / M - m 
U M H M 

HOUY OAK 
S | N J 4 troy* 

MG HOO 
§ .y y 
* UMH* 
“ 

E l 
BOXWOOD 
Hot&f tAtio NM* bushy piOfttS fie low Of MMRtf 

6 9 V 3 /M 
« COUKW UMH ie 

 was keynote speaker to the 98th annual conven­ tion of the Texas State 
Teachers Assn at the 
Convention Center. 
She is now a mot nation specialist in schools in 
Denver. Colo. 
“ Most students, even excellent ones, think of themselves in term s of failure. They think suc­ cess is only for winners.” she said. 
Happens to all 
“ They never learn — because we don't teach them — that failure is a part of life and that it happens to everyone. 
“ We have to show our young people that b e ­ cause they've failed once does not m ake them a failure " 
Mrs. Van Derbur told teachers they must moti­ vate their students to de­ cide some life goal that is important to students — not the teachers 
“ Help them develop goals and a plan for those goals so they can develop a positive self im age." she said 
“ Blit those goals be­ long to the student. They are very personal. My biggest fear is that some te a c h e r will assign grades for student goals. 
We don't have the right to do that." 
Importance 
Mrs. 
Van 
D erb u r charged the teachers to place m ore im portance on teaching confidence 

 and h u m an ity classroom lessons. than 

TSTA Professional Assn. 
Enrollment Card 
The resolution will come up before the TSTA 
House of Delegates Sa­ turday. 
According to the reso­ lution. the political action contributions are to he used in su p p o rt of c a n d id a tes who are friends of education. 

Voluntary 

The contributions are to Ik* \oluntary and not a condition of membership in the United Teaching 
Profession 
In supporting the re ­ co m m en d a tio n , 
Owen said nothing is of greater importance to the future of education than the election of ca n d id a tes who view e d u c a tio n 's needs as a priority. 

Yano Duke studies an exhibit at the I 7th annual^ 
Gem and Mineral Show Friday at Villita Assembly J 
Hall. The show runs IO a.m. to 9 p.m. Saturday * and IO a.m. to 6 p m. Sunday. Donations to endow scholarships in earth sciences are $ 1 .5 o r for adults and 5o cents for children undrer 12.^ 
— Staff Photo by Pat Hamilton 

 r 

 wC 
BILL MILLER BAR-B-QUE 
Sliced B-B-Q Beef with Sauce 

I -lb. Sliced Bar-B-Q Beef with tasty Sauce 

 reg. $3.79 
£ 
9 
5 
THRU 
TO G O ONLY 
MARCH 31,1977 per lb. 

BEAN S........................ pint SO* 
POTATO SALAD ........ pint 5 o * 
HASH BROW NS ........... pint S O * 
COLE S L A W ................ pint 3 5 * 

 quort 8 9 * ^ quart 8 9 * quart 8 9 * quart SO* 

Fresh Baked, 9 
^ 
Dutch Apple Pie tjot 
I 
THRU 3-23 77 

I gal. sweetened 
ICED TEA 
7 
9 
Put depot * 
I© g O 3*1 f 

IIIIIII s 
I 

K a r o t k in s 
The Classic 
Bentwood 
Save $6o.o7! Rattan frame, hand soven cane rocker 
Timeless design at timely savings. 

A hand woven cane back and seat smartly accents a walnut finished rattan frame. Re-inforced wrap­ ping at all stress points for added strength. 

Reg. $149.95 

DELIVERED 
COMPLETELY 
SETUP 
(roadway 
9 ( o 3 (ro od w ay 
8 2 4 -94 o2 
6 
Open 18-4 Mn , TW*., In. 
Open 1o-4 Tim*., Wed , tot. 

Downtown 
231 I. Commerce 
2 2 7 -(3 6 t 
• 
Open 1o-4 M m . Hoe Set. 
• n ip ) Thu#*. Mitt Uh 4:oo 

(ie M City 
$. Now (Townfolk A 
I Southerns* 534-61(1 • 
Open 1o-4 M n , then , Fr*. 
O fM 1o-4 I m *., Wed., tot. arotk ins 

 o e f c i * e v e r * h « * tM * Utile o # n Ilk* Wane 

North St* 
*«n Pedro A U 
342-233 
o*M 1o-4 OW., I 
°4** 1o4 fee*., I 

O ur O w n Convenient Credit plus Master 
Charge * and BankAmoricard* 

Handy ffi Andy 

MUSSELMANS 
APPLE SAUCE 
16-o2. CAN 

^ 
/'Ii 

Mussed 

MUSSClf# 

Handy Andy 

“ BIG SATURDAY” 

AD EFFECTIVE SAT., MAR. 19, 1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 

FOR 

HICKORY SMOKED 
RATH 
PICNICS 

6 TO 8 LB. AVO. 

U.S. NO. I 
FRESH 
TOMATOES 

3 COUNT TRAY 

W ATER 
ADDED 

CHOCOLATE CHIP 
COOKIES 
$|59 

3 DOZEN 

Handy @ Andy 

HANDY ANDY 
LOW* FAT 
MILK 

HALF GAL. CTN. 

Handy ® Andy 

REG. OR SUGARFREE 
7-UP (LITTER BTL.) OR 
REFRESHING 
PEPSUCOLA 
32 OZ. BTLS. 

 rf ft f \ I \ I s 

(Kl>f pJI 

Handy @ Andy 

HANDY ANDY 
REGULAR OR DIP 
POTATO 
CHIPS 
8-OZ. BAG 

6 PACK 
PLUS 
DEPOSIT 

FIRST PLACE 
<mmu 

CHARGE IT! 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S — Saturday March 19 1 9 7 7 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1 97 7 

SHOP TODAY 1oAF 
1oPM SUNDAY IPI 
BROWSE SUNDAY 

BRAND MUES r e ta ile r 
OFTHEJTEAF 
SINCE 191o 

COAST TO COAST 

Everything in our huge inventory is im­ mediately available. Take your purchase with you or we ll deliver at an additional charlie ... eiant savings either way! 

We've gone all out for this gigantic event! 
Discover America's best known furniture brands at a fraction of what you'd expect! 
Save on one item or on an entire houseful! 

Katy is apparently a bored bird. The os­ trich at the Denver zoo let go this king­ sized yawn Friday, perhaps out of bore­ dom, or maybe as a commentary on the days’ events. — AP W irephoto 
W hite troops with rebels 

 eluding 
Soviet-m ade rockets. U.S. officials said Friday. 
The invasion force to­ tals about 2,ooo, mostly form er K atangan sol­ diers who were exiled to 
Angola after their a t ­ tempt to overthrow the 
Zaire government failed in the mid 19oos 
Whites were reported with the invaders, but it was not clear where they came drum , how many there were or what role they played. 
Zaire has claimed that 
Cuban troops based in 
Angola are leading the invasion 
The whites might also be Portuguese or Belgian mercenaries. 
E a rlie r in the day. 
State D ep artm en t spo­ kesm an F re d erick Z 
Brown said “ that is a fair assumption” when asked whether Angola was giv­ ing logistic support to the 
Katangan troops. 

WASHINGTON (AP) - 
Forces that have invaded 
Zaire contain white troops and are getting m ajor logistic support from the M arxist An­ golan gov ern m en t, in- 
R ebels near 
Zaire m ines 

KINSHASA. 
Zaire 
(AP) — Reiiel forces who invaded southern Zaire from 
Angola were reported 93 miles west of the copper mining center of Kolwezi on Friday and advancing eastward vir­ tually without resistance 
The U S Embassy said ll American construction workers were flown out of Kolwezi on F rid ay , leaving 41 (here. Twen­ ty-six other Americans, wives and children of the construction men, were flown out e a rlie r this week. 
3 creditors o f Manges file petition 

Watch A Room Snap To Life 
With This Herculon Trio! f Open a Convenient Levitz^ 
REVOLV-A-CHARGE 
OR 
GET *75o 
INSTANT CREDIT* 

Add This Multi-Purpose Sectional 
With A Fresh Contemporary Look! 

E njoy over 19 ft. of seating comfort and stylish good looks with this outstanding sectional covered in boldly patterned, long-wearing Herculon® olefin! It includes a 

 loveseat. and 2 sofas com bine to form a showpiece 

Quality details include a no-sag® spring edge construct­ ion, deep reversible seat cushions for superb comfort ... even m atching arm bolsters! A 4-star value! 

 tent lo hinder, delay, or defraud his creditors, or some of them ” 
The document claims the p ro p erties were tran sfe rred to Lillie 
Ashby and Helen Ruth 
Manges, among others. 
The c re d ito rs also claim M anges tr a n s ­ ferred a portion of hts property to the Harlingen 
National Bank on Nov. 
19.197ti The petition says a one-eighth over-riding royalty interest in certain oil and gas leases in 
Zapata 
County was tra n sfe rre d as a debt payment lo the bank. a1 iegedly to “ prefer such creditor over hts other creditors.” 
Another property transfer was made Feb 
23. 1977. the petition claims, when Mangt* al­ legedly paid $211,84o to the Tail City Pipe Ser­ vile The document says the firm obtained a g re a te r paym ent than other Manges creditors of the same class. 

LAREDO. Tex. (AP) - 
Three of Clinton Manges' creditors have filed a pe­ tition for the involuntary 
Ivankruptey of the south 
Texas rancher in federal district court here. 
Virgil Guerra of Roma. 
T exas, claim ed in the suit that he has a final judgement of $419,ooo on a promissory note. Aus­ tin attorney Arthur Mit­ chell ts claiming $32,45o in atto rn ey s fees, and 
John Outright of Austin is claim ing for an un- seeured loan of $5,ooo to 
Manges 

 lf you have a Master Charge. 
BankAmericard. American 
Express. Carte Blanche. or Diners Club Card, are employed, of legal age. have a listed phone and drivers’ license 

The petition, filed 
T hu rsd ay , claim s 
M anges has already committed acts of bank­ ruptcy by allegedly favoring creditors and transferring property. 
The cre d ito rs allege that on Feb 18, 1977 and on 
March 
15, 
1977, 
Manges transferred part of his projierty in oil arid gas leases in Zapta and 
Webb Counties “ with in- 

JOSHES 

• UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
DAILY 1oAM TO 1oPM 

SUNDAY 1 TO 6 PM BROWSING 

NATURAL REED BASKETS 

DIAMOND SALON 

14k yellow gold and diamond pins 

Left: A golden bee set with seven beautiful diamonds weighing .5o carat, 259.SS 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park. 

Center: A wise owl set with IO sparkling diamonds totaling 
.33 carat, 
249.95. 
Downtown, North Star and Windsor Park. 

Right; Six gorgeous rubies surround a .ll carat diamond in a charming bee, 159.95 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park. 

Diamond Salon, Downtown, 
North Star and Windsor Park % 

Illustration enlarged to show detail 

BRAND NAMES' 
RETAILER 
OFTHEYEAR 
K E E P -Y O U R COOL 

 lf you have a problem your local store manager doesn’t solve. 

Call Miami, Fla Headquarters 
Toll Free I-8oo-327-7645 

In* lined 

 hamper 

 tedium. 

In three assorted sizes, l o inenes I 

 natural look of today; plants, toys, 

 catch all. Sold in sets of three only, 

 and color may vary slightly because rn 
* v rn quantities last. 

Give Your Room Comfort And 
Style With This 3-Pc. Group! 

It's big enough for a six footer to stretch out in ... and full of luxurious comfort! O w n it in durable, stain and soil resistant Herculon® olefin with thick cushions, quality no-sag® spring construction, elegant flared arm contem porary styling. 

 or your 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD 
Loop (41o) and 1-35 at Rittiman Rd. 
San Antonio, Texas 
(512) 661 5331 

P R I C E S GOOD THROUGH 
MARCH 
2 1 

All merchandise iv priced tor pickup ai our dock in (he original factory container Or. it you wish. we'll deliver tor an additional charge 

Page 
IO A 
Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday March 19 1977 

Saturday 
Spotlight 

Vickie 
Davidson 

Coyness not fo r Dr. Lee 

To hear the talk, you’d sometimes think Amy 
Freeman I-cc sat at the right hand of Clod and her pet project was San An­ tonio. 
At countless communi­ ty meetings, events and banquets, you’ll find 

 she s a guest of note — if she’s not the speaker. 
At 
Alamo 
Heights gatherings, matrons smugly cite her as the last word in art. educa­ tion and what-have-you. 
“ She’s so terribly intel­ lectual. you know.” 

’lf yon are graced with frien dsh ip, it's a debt . . . ran hare to p a y it back' 

At a recent interview, the reference to her as 
“ near diety” brought an inquisitive smile to Amy 
Freeman Lee, a spare 

 woman whose back is bent from a horse riding mishap in her youth. 
“ I ’m too old to start be­ ing coy,” she replies as 

THE SLEEP SHOP 
IS N O W 
SOUTHSIDE AT 1724 S.W. MILITARY 

 jaTQUEEN 
SIZE 
"LIST PRICE $339.95 
FOR 
$ 
95 

X / 
O f f 

 t f l i ;A 

S JL 

*1 
7 »A 
FULL 
SIZE 
HIST PRICE $279.oo 
FOR ms $139,s 

 a v 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444 

ON EVERY PERFECT SLEEPER 
MATTRESS SET IN STOCK 
SOLD IN SETS ONLY. 
TWIN-FULL-QUEEN 
OR KING SIZE 

COMPARE OUR PRICES 
ON BEDSPREADS, 
HEADBOARDS, AND 
OTHER SLEEP 
ACCESSORIES. 
V k in g 
V SIZE 
^ 
HIST PRICE $479.95 
^ 
FOR 
^ ? $ 2 3 9 95 

PRICES GOOD AT ALL 
3 STORES 
SLEEP SHOP 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
1724 S.W. MILITARY 
736-5878 
922-1691 

 the smile vanishes. 
The H2-year-old woman is sitting in a desk chair in the middle of her painting-lined studio be­ hind the McNay Art In­ stitute. The only sounds breaking the silent even­ ing shadows outside her studio are birds calling to ac h other. 
A lamp shines behind 
Amy making it hard to see her face clearly. It s almost as if she was holding court — a wise one with a very South­ western drawl. 
I’m really not aware that I ’m held in that kind of regard .” she says. 
But, then she* admits she holds the respect and friendship of a number of people. That obligates her, she says. 
“ lf you receive respect from people, then you in­ cur debts. If you are graced with friendship, it’s a debt. A deep, deep debt — you have to pay it back.” 
Artist, author 
Dr. Amy Freeman Lee is a nationally known ar­ tist, an author, a lecturer, board president of Incarnate Word Col­ lege. 
Besides all that, she has her fingers in a number of organizations 
— but, not because she’s a socialite. She says she isn’t. 
“ I’m not good at small talk and I avoid it.” She explains her organizational work is a way to learn cooperation, and she believes i i i co­ operation. It’s also a way to get things done. 
There are people in the city, of course, who would question whether 
Amy Freeman Lee knows anything about coopera­ tion — even near didies have their enemies. 
You don’t always make friends when you’re out­ spoken. Dr. Lee explains, saying she feels so strongly about certain issues she has to do so­ mething. 
It would also be easy for some people to discount the woman as a professional do-gooder born with a silver spoon 

 i ii her mouth. 
“ One of the severests tests for the spirit is af­ fluence and very few people pass it,” she vo­ lunteers unexpectedly during the conversation. 
“Very few people manage to pass it with honor and grace. I see the1 destructiveness of ll all around me. 
Mao volume nu b lished 

AGENCY FRANCE PRE S U 
HANGCHOW, China - 
Big-character slogans seen Friday in Canton and Hangchow, south of 
Shanghai, announced the publication of volume fi\e of Chairman Mao 
Tse-tung’s selected works. 

“ C ertainly, you can gamble it or guzzle it . . . you have the power to make that choice, but you don’t have the moral right.” 
Responsibility 
W hat about her own attitude toward money? 
Dr. Lee says her grand­ mother — who raised her 
— taught her a responsi­ b ility about life and money. 
She explains she had three sets of clothes as a child — play clothes, school clothes and Sun­ day clothes. She had no choice but to take care of them 
Amy w ill talk about money. She also talk freely about herself, her art, about the necessity to be humane to other people — and to animals. 
One of her first me­ mories, she says, was of her passionate love for animals. 
“ I was lucky enough to grow up in a typical U.S. village (Seguin) whtTe you knew everyone and everyone’s dog.” she E x ­ plains iii only the way a good story teller would unwind a story. 
“ I don’t feel complete without my anim als. I don’t like lo travel with­ out one of my dogs.” She says animals are sooth­ ing to the human spirit. 
Meanings 
The human spirit is one thing Dr. Lee has bf»en concerned about for years. She describes her­ self as someone who has always looked for the dee pet meanings. 
Shc’s always wanted to know : Why are we here? 
Why do we create? What is the purpose of life? 
ShE> found herself a be- liever in reincarnation. 
Dr. Lee explains the pur­ pose of life — as she s e t s it — is to refine the spirit, to work on the forwarding address. 
Her search for mean­ ings also led her to ex­ plore Ii e t art 
Work satisfying 
Is she a good artist.' 
Ye‘s. she says, in the re- speet that she finds her work satisfying. 

ARTIST A m y Freem an Lee is a near-oracle for som e San Anton­ ians. 

“ In our country, we suffer un dET the delusion that competition is im­ portant. It’s ridiculous to sav I paint better than 

STAFF PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

Mary Brown 
“ I don’t want to be a better painter than any­ body except Amy Free­ man IAT yesterday.” 
New Roots. 

I .f t to right Sporty il< ■<-k 

 momism tip fur men ami w m vn iii -j>ft. natural 
Canadian loathers Fn*in-|iedded leather infill 
Spurn (lurk nn.va.-in slip-on fur mn and women has ran lurk laces 

 ami ekistic pm- fur perfect Iii I ’ppW* »«*• soft. 

 natural Canadian leathers,u Men s drc-s novasm in tie ami 

 sliiHm. Fully leather lints! and made of glme-snft, ligntweight Canadian leathers.v All arr- designed 

 fur l>,in fi.it is rn i fort And all hare the brand new sole that maker, 

 the comfort of lo.its one of tim nicest feelings on tw o feet. 

IO.its Slid only at IO.its sisi|s- 

$37.oo 

OPEN DAILY TIL 6 PJL -THURSDAY TU TPM. 
4225 McCullough— 822-o653 
IttwNR Hildebrand A Olmos 
Root«*> nuns w i run M.nwMP 

R I SALE! 3 BIG BUYS! 

SUMMER 
Furniture 
PATIO SHOP 

1o47 N E LOOP 41o • 828-28o7 
Betw een Broadw ay and Nacogdoches 

The 
Patio 
Shop has everything you need to refurbish your patio for summer. 

Use 3 sets of 
» * * 
«rough! iron ushions for settees f 

A. Redwood Chaise Pads 
19.98-2S.98 
Many Color Choices. 

B. Redwood Chair Pads 
12.95-18.98 
C. Butterfly Chair 

Replacements 
14.oo 
D. Director Chair 

Recovers 
From 
6.98 
E. Wrought Iron Chair Cushions set 26.5o ea. 

F. • 17V2” D. Round yellow 7.98 • 72” Chaise Pad yellow, turq.-Lime 25.oo • I 8x1 8 “ yellow 7.95 • 16” and 18” D 
Cushions 7.95 

1o47 N.E. LOOP 41o • 828-28o7 

France OKs aid to Zaire 

COM PREG M O M WIRE SERVICES 

KINSHASA, Z aire — 
I he F reneh governm ent ag reed F rid a y to send 
Zaire em ergency m ili­ tary supplies, expected to Im* mainly small arm s and amm unition, to help defeat the 11-day-old in­ vasion in th e m in e ra l- rich, southern area for­ m erly known as K atan­ ga. 
The French prom ise of aid follows agreem ent from the U.S. and Bel­ gian governm ents to fly in m ilitary supplies. 
The second planeload of U.S. military aid — is scheduled to arrive in the capital, K inshasa, early next week. It will com ­ plete the U.S. aid pack­ age. 

Syria acids to 
Lebanon force 

B E IR U T 
- 
S y ria poured fresh troops into 
Lebanon F riday to quell a rash of killings in the mountain villages south­ east of here avenging the assassination Wednesday of Moslem leftist leader 
Kamal Ju m blatt. 
Syrian officials fear the killings could plunge Le­ banon b a c k into civ il war. 

Fukuda readies for I .S. trip 

TOKYO — P rim e M in­ ister Taken Fukuda F r i­ day night w rapped up a package of economic 

WORLD 

U I v L o I 

 p re s e n ts for P re s id e n t 
('arter and prepared to d e p a rt S a tu rd a y for a two-day su m m it m eeting in Washington 
Monday and Tuesday. 
The finishing touches to a series of steps d e­ signed to m ake American req u ests of Ja p a n less d em a n d in g c am e w hen the lower house of p a r­ liament approved the fis­ cal 1977 budget by a vote of 299-to-193 It contains a host of p u b lic w o rk s m e a s u r e s d e s ig n e d to provide a spur to J a p a n ’s 
I MISSION 
NURSERIES 

 economy, which ( a rte r has sought. 

Campaign ends 

NEW DELHI, India - 
P rim e 
Minister 
Indira 
Gandhi ended a stren ­ uous and unexpectedly tough cam paign for re­ election Friday as Indian voters continued to cast ballots in record n u m ­ bers for a new P a r ba ment. 

Quake recorded 

MANILA, T he P h ilip ­ pines — A strong e arth ­ quake shook Manila and other parts of The Phi-/ lippines early Saturday. 
Initial reports said the quake caused m inor da­ m age >at ( lark Air Base outside Manila. 

Northside 
12823 
Nacogdoches 
6 5 5 - 8 3 2 3 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

Southside 
2919 
Mission Rd. 
9 2 4 - 3 1 8 1 

FOllOW THESI MAPS 

AND DISCOVER 

PLANTS YOU’U 

TREASURE 

FOR YEARS 

Colorful 

Annual 

Bedding 

Plants 
Choose from Petunias, Dianthus, Marigold, 
Verbenia, Vinca, Etc. Ind. Potted 6 Plants per tray. 

6 9 * . , . , . , 
6 . , , , . , > 4 . o o i f O 
S E S 
VEGETABLE PLANTS 
TOMATO PLANTS 

Big Boy 
Owrry 
Better Boy 
Spring Giant 
Retie 
Big Sot 
Homos toad 
Ne mat* < 

PEPPER PLANTS 
' Boil 
Bonano iaiopono 
CayonitR 

Individually Potted 

I 1 5 U - 
6 h , 6 9 ‘ 

Climbers, Florebundas, 
Hybird leos, Grandifloras 

Growing in 7 gal. containers 

Non-Patented 35 varieties. 

$2 . 1 9 

Patented Varieties 

$ 
3 
* 
5 
o and up 

SPECIALTY 
PLANT FOOD SALE 

5 Lh. Box Size, Reg. $1.79 

Tomato Vegetable Food 
I Rose I Flower Food 
Beauti-Bloom o-1o-1o 
Planting Time Food 
Azalea & Camelia Food 
Fruit A Shode Tree Food 
All Purpose Garden A lawn 
Food 

YOUR S T O C 
CHOICE 
I e 
* J 
BOX 
ZIPP 

PATIO STONES and Concrete Curbing 

I 2 toot Koliop 'ort plain .. 86< j 2 toot demo uni pima .... I o6 
I2"«I2’' pima patio Wack 
69< 
!2"«24" pima patio Wadi 
1-38 

12" round pima trop stone 

IS round pima trop (to n e 
I HH 

I ' Ire* ring (4 pro**) 
S J I 

V tree ring (S p iece). . . . 1 o .1 3 tor o fen tents mort we otto ha** Hi* abo** in r*d, g »*n and pebble top 

ZIPP 

...for greener, 

 h ea lthier la w n , 

 ii, »»J « I bi,!,wm, 

* Mil,M M 

* f n l.J l eS«Mw 
* hik 
* 1,o. 
* KavmwB 
Ce,.,i 3,ooo >* h 
Sonnetted 
R etail 8 .VS 
OUR UR ret 
$ 7 . 7 5 

 w ith CHINCH BUG 
(ON TSOI hjMK, 

 ti,M R ■ I But! . B l , 
* Md,MM 
• r*l|Rh.wM*ie 
• r.t.tk 
# tulM, 
* ZMH 
*I,M 
• U.JB.MBB, 
Com,, IM t m Ii 
Swnn***eU 
Rerun >9 o1 
OUR OR ICI 
$ 8 . 9 5 

* 6 .7 5 

''U — 
— 
— 
Controls 
Chinch bugs, sodweb worms, earwigs, white grubs, and many other. 
12V* bag treats 
2SOO sq. ft. 
Reg. low, price )7.98 
Super Sole Price 

Ammonium 
Sonata 

*2 .9 8 

DECORATIVE BARK 
High Mountain Redwood fork, Cleon Neat grour.d cover bark excellent weed retarder for beds. Choose from Jumbo medium or smoN Hie. 

Reg. $4.89 

COMPOSTED 
STEER MANURE 
4o lb. I . | 
1.89 
‘1.o9. 

Giant 3 cu. ft. bag 

» 4 M 

ST. AUGUSTINE 
GRASS SOD frosh, Justin. 
$J 

G e ra n iu m .; lr, Bud « Bloom 
Chao ta from led, Salmon, Pink, tuihie 4" Pol Silo. 
98 
SPECI 

#o<h 

Music is winner 

TOKYO — China gave its official approval F r i­ day to Western classical m u sic, ending a three- y e a r w a r a g a in s t c o m ­ p o se rs like B eeth o v en and 
S c h u b e rt an d possibly opening the way to visits by W estern o r­ chestras and perform ers. 

( ’.arter critic 

PARIS — Black A m er­ ican civil rights fighter 
A ngela D avis a c c u se d 
P r e s id e n t C a r te r in a 
French news telecast of n e g le c tin g th e civ il r i g h ts of 
A m e ric a n blacks and of paying too much attention to the ci­ vil rights of Soviet dissi­ dents. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1 97 7 
Page I I -A 

Socialism eyed 

N A IR O B I, K en y a — 
U g a n d a P re s id e n t 
Idi 
Amin said F riday he is determ ined to m ake his 
E ast African nation a So­ c ia lis t s t a t e an d c a u ­ tioned his arm ed forces to bi' on the alert against an invasion. 

5 die iii protest 

KARACHI. Pakistan - 
Five persons were killed and more than 4o were injured in K arachi F r i ­ day as a n tig o v ern m e n t d e m o n s tr a t o r s b a ttle d police in the fifth day of v io le n c e th a t h a s wracked many Pakistani cities. 
Drainage project to be dedicated 

Ceremonies at ll a.in. 
Saturday will m ark for­ m al d e d ic a tio n of the 
Apache Creek project, a m a jo r s to rm d r a in a g e and area beautification program costing nearly 
$17 million on the West 
Side. 
M ay or L ila C o ckrell will be principal speaker at a site near West Com­ m erce and 24th streets, north of E lm endorf Lake. 
R ep re se n ta tiv es from federal, state and local agencies also will parti­ cipate in the cerem onies. 
Channel 
The Apache Creek pro­ ject involves extensive r e d e v e l o p m e n t of the r i \ cr channel both above an d below E lm e n d o r f 
L ake, a th re e -m ile s e c ­ tion from d en. McMullen 
D riv e so u th to T r in ity 
Street. 
Still under construc­ tion is 
$1.2 million 
A p a ch e C re e k P a r k , a linear p ark w ay on both 

 sides of the river channel fro m T r in i ty to 
19th 
Street. 
When com pleted, the landscaped parkway will include picnic areas, nu­ m erous sports fields and c o u r ts , p e d e s t r ia n b rid g e s, w alk w ay s and other features, features. 
Landscaping 
M ajo r s t r e a m w id e n ­ ing, c o n c r e te -lin in g of the m ain riv er ch ann el and extensive la n d s c a p ­ ing of A p a c h e C re e k th r o u g h o u t th e th r e e - m ile a re a w as a c c o m ­ p lis h e d in th r e e m a in projects. 
San A ntonio D evelop m e n t A gency a c q u ir e d the 3o5 p a rc e ls of land necessary for the Apache 
Creek project, providing relocation services to 2o3 fam ilies or in dividuals 
Land acquisition and re lo catio n c o s ts of th e 
A p ac h e C re e k p r o je c t am o u n te d to so m e $ 4. million. 

WOLFE NURSERY ’fays 
STOP Army Worms! 

S To r i t- hT T DESTROY y o u r y a r d 

 lf your trees hove "FOREST” army worms, use i J jL c J u ji 
GREEN LIGHT 
M 
General Spray 

 fo r fast, sure control o f infestation in this a rea . Kill both the w orm s and any unhatched eggs. Don’t be m islead! 
Your trees h ave them . 
A rm y worm s a re born in your trees, not on the ground ben eath . 
You must spray to save your trees. 
Spray now , do it yourself. 
Use 
G reen Ligth G en eral Spray. 

W 
I 
B I R ■ ■ r f 
^ 
OWNS, SHAM TWO. 

Spray One Time for Complete Kill 

O ne Pint of GENERAL SPRAY m akes 
16 gallons of spray, Q uart m akes 32 gallons spray. M ixed spray costs less than 3o4 per gallon. 

Buy a Hose on 
SPRAYER 

For Easy A pplication 

Choose from a 6 gal. 

 or 15 gal. sprayer. 
*3.99 „ 
NURSERIES! 

, I. 15o7 RUIZ 2. 7oo7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 
3. 37oo BROADWAY 4. 6714 SO. FLORES 
5. 1134 PAT BOOKER RD., UNIVERSAL CITY 
6. 88o2 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 

The pretty" pail*... $39. 

EXACTLY 

OXY 99th T S T 
21-o-o 

o|, 99 taw, Mian, 
MMI « * BrtilfM ti ml, ii, In (Mi, it 
IM M l*W«>. >9,9*! 
Maw*,!. M i ii**! M 
Pf***!!! Nil f< MB 
*1, twettt!!*,. WM! kiwtitot tow*! m i fto*«i 
«Vto I * MMM 4 OW u ti el tow* 
A . Super S al. Trite 

At Fisher's you can 

 buy tw o ginger jar lamps for just about w hat 

 it costs for one! 
„ 
____ 
AS ILLUSTRATED 
These beautiful lamps will blend so successfully with almost any setting. 
Fashioned in crystal clear glass, with brass base and trim, topped with pleated egg shell shades, or chrome base with white shades, they are 251/2" tall with 3-way lighting. A hi- light to enjoy for years. A perfect gift idea, too! lf you only want one we'll give you a break on that too! But hurry, our stock is limited! 

Pair of lamps 
J O 
A 
Reg. $39.9o ...................... Now 
o 
7 
. 

Each lamp 
$ I Q 9 5 
Reg. $79.93 ...................... Now 
I V 

 t a i gyfUMBB 

SULFA SOIL for vog. garden, town, shrubs I trees. 42% iron, 
2o% sulphur, plus other trace elements. 

5ob‘5.59 

.yd. 
Ricked up at nurseries. 

BANANA TREES 
Now froes just in. 

3 /4 ’ Sizt $1.98 

 larger sites also available. 

GRAND 
PRIZE* 

Reg. Lew 
Price $3.1o 

SAU FIKE 
SB (A 

Sod 
Condition* 
■ Breaks up light soil e Adds vital nutrition 

L e n a & O a rd u n 
Oyp^um 

‘2.98 

‘A OFF! 
*I4< 

■BG. $22. 

' w 

PLANT LAMP 

The ideal way to give light to your indoor plants. Telescoping stand extends from 22' to 57". May also be used for chairside or desk illumination. Get your s now at 'A off! 

PLANT LICHT BHLB 
\ 

R eg- 1 1 .P i... Vt oM... 9 9 ‘ 

»!»*» 

JJU 
J - it 
CAPIZ SHELL LAMPS 
W ith gleaming brass base. 

' 
$4 o . 

« -* « » ■ -* 5 o . 

Opening Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 

(Closed Sunday) 

I ASO NUE. Loop 4 1 o 

* - r 
. ♦, 

 of nan antonio 

“distinctive home furni»hin#s' 

Phone 8 24 -o 5 7 5 

March 1 9 I 9 7 7 

TH E SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

William J Reddell 

E d it o r o f E d it o r ia l P a g e 

Charles O Kilpatrick 

E d ito r a n d P u b lis h e r 

G e o r g e C o rm o rk 

A sso ciate Editor 
Fa o r I Bart 
M anaging E d ito r 
Carter has captured a policy initiative 

Jim m y Carter is making the most of his newcomer status, and he is m aking stro n g a d ­ vances in tin* face of defenders of tilt' status quo. 
This week he went to the 
United Nations to speak to the permanent members — the Se­ curity Council. Having earlier angered Hit' Russians with his candid rem arks about human rights, the President told the 
U N. delegates his e m p h a s a s upon hum an rig h ts is the 
“ backbone of our foreign po­ licy." 
Then hi' noted what some of them may have forgotten or chosen to ignore: “ All tin' signa­ tories of tin' U. N. charter have pledged themselves to observe and respect basic human rights. 
Thus, no member of the United 
Nations can claim th a t m is ­ treatment of its citizens is solely 
•its own business. Equally, no member can avoid its respon­ sibilities to review and to speak when torture or u n w arra n te d deprivation of freedom occurs in any part of the world." 
The President is taking the initiative away from Com m un­ ists who have professed to speak for tin' downtrodden while try­ ing to refuse the right of others 
— Mr. C arter — to intru d e. 

Thus, the President has cited two tr e a ti e s — the Helsinki treaty and the U. N. c h a r te r treaty — as bases for structur­ ing foreign policy with a human rights backbone. 
Mr. C a r t e r ’s app ro ach to these basic issues, done with confidence and understanding, a ffirm s d e m o c ra c y 's best ideals. Furthermore, Iii' bluntly c h a llen g es the Russian C o m ­ munists on ideological grounds, where they are weakest. The 
President, in tandem with his national security chief, Zbig­ niew Brzezinski, challenges the idea that the Soviet Union is a genuine superpower and points out till' serious flaws in a system that denies its own people basic rights to dignity and freedom. 
Mr. C a r te r ’s thrust is that reduction of the nuclear a rm s race, achievement of harmony in trouble spots, and the pro­ vision of food, good health and education will independent­ ly contribute to advancing the human condition. And most of the w orld's peoples know the 
American capacity to respond in material help as well as ideolo­ gical p r e a c h m e n ts , in s h a rp contrast to Soviet performance. 
The Carter approach may be startling but it is encouraging. 
City finds a market ior in-town housing 

City Council’s advisory com­ mittee on downtown, Centro 21, found a m arket for downtown housing. 
Analysis of resp o n se s to 
45o,ooo questionnaires showed — by projection analysis — thatch per cent of the city’s population has an interest in living in downtown in su itab le places. 
Suitable, in terms of respondent views, means moderate-priced houses. Moderate means houses for under $4o,ooo aud rentals for 
$2oo or less per month. 
Assuming a survey-response market of 15,ooo and a hardcore market of 2o per cent of those who said they would like to live downtown, th ere would de a realistic market for a minimum of 5o,ooo persons. 
Potential investors should evaluate that kind of incentive. 
First problem is obvious; how to build for the price limitation. 
Mission trail goes national 

San Antonio’s hike and bike trail through the Mission Park­ way has been designated a na­ tional trail — one of three in 
Texas — and will be listed na­ tionally as a historic, scenic and recreational trail. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell was no­ tified of the designation this week. 
Mission Parkway is evolving into one of the n a tio n ’s most significant historic-scenic urban 

Aid to elderly 

Sir: Re your artlet*' in tin- Express 
(M arch 18) “ Proposal m ay force el­ derly out of home": 
In the course of trying lo aid. on a person-to person basis, elderly persons who are im poverished and shut-ins, m em bers af tin' four chapters of the 
Daughters af the British E m pire in 
San Antonio have been confronted with shacking cases of elderly people who cannot continue to rem ain in their homes without assistance with house­ hold chores and shopping. 
The Hom em aker-H om e Health Aide 
Service, adm inistered by the Family 
S ervices A ssociation, is th e ir only lifeline 
Yet City M an ag er T hom as 
Heubner proposes to discontinue fund­ ing this service. 
If Mr. Heubner elim inates funds he will in no way benefit the taxpayer, since these people will then be forced into institutions w here it will cost the taxpayer more to support them. 
.lean R. Lange 

Letters 
TU THE EDITOR 

 le M e r» to Hxt* n e w iip n p e r t h o u M b e » b o H o n d th e y 

 m u tt b e lim n e d Initiol* o n ly w ill b e w^ed a t w r ite r'* r e q u e s t C o r r e c t a d d r e s s a n d t e le p h o n e n u m b e r fo r id e n t ific a t io n o f le tte r* o r e n e e d e d , le t t e r * w ill b e 

 e d it e d f o r le n g t h , g o o d ta * te o n d le g a l r e o * o n * . 
A d d r e s t : le t t e r * to th e e d it o r , P .O . B o * 2 1 7 1 , Sun 

A n to n io , T X 7 8 2 9 7 . 

(NOTE: F u n d in g 
( num'll decision.) will he a City 

The survey indicates prefer­ ence for single-fam ily dwellings. It might be worth a trial to develop garden a p a r t ­ m ents, redevelop e x istin g buildings into apartments, and to find building sites for other kinds of housing. 

Land costs are assumed to be a p ro b le m . Speculative l a n d ­ holders m ig h t be induced to cooperate or some sort of urban renewal approach could be tried on a test site. With much of the b u sin ess c o m m u n ity lately embarked upon free-enterprise renewal, that system could have a place to demonstrate its worth. 

Centro 21 bas clearly found a potential m arket. The City of 
San Antonio’s role is necessarily limited, but we assume council would extend itself to do what it properly and feasibly can do. 

 places. The parkway itself could soon become a national historic park. It links four of the city’s tamed Spanish missions and in­ cludes the (plaint, still-service­ able Espada dam. 

San Antonians who h av en ’t toured the missions in y e a rs have a pleasant surprise ahead when they re-visit them . The trail becomes an attractive bo­ nus. 

Much written about aquifer 

Sir Re your Editorial (M arch I) 
Much has been said and w ritten about the Edwards Aquifer. 
The Express would have ifs readers believe that only San Antonio has the wisdom to protect the quality of the water in the aquifer. 
The TVVQB bas recognized that th** 
3(1 people dispersed over the 311 square miles (I per IO square miles) of the recharge zone in Kinney County need not be subjected to the sam e stringent regulations that should be impose upon the 12.SOO people clustered in urban areas over the 122 square miles 
(1o5 per square mile) of the recharge zone in Bexar County. 
Bexar County had no problem with pollution of the aquifer for more than 
2oo years and would tint have a prob­ lem today had the land over the re ­ charge zone rem ained ranch land 
Possibly the TWQB is saying “ Bexar 
County mind your own pollution c o n ­ trol business, of which there is an over abundance iii th*' San Antonio Metro- plex. and trust your n e ig h b o r s to have enough good common s e n s e to do their part iii prole* ting their o w n . as well as your, only source of w ater." 
John VV White. 
Executive Director. 
Nueces River Authority 

(NPTE: We don't question anyone's wisdom: we su p p o rt a regional ap proach to a regional problem .) 

Laufill lo hank with super stars 

Sir: You’ll meet them at almost any party. Who are “ th e m ” ? Well, sir, 
“ th em ” are th*' devoted sp orts fans who manage to root for their profes­ sional teams, support them and usual­ ly know m ost every fact about tIn* players and their averages. They also m anage to keep stored in their brain memory-bank thousands of statistical 

 trivia aud will argil*' the outcome of a gam e played days or years ago. They are the backbone of sports-Ameriea. 
When they leave a gam e, what have they really accom plished? They have spent their hard-earned money to wit­ n e s s p lay ers in th*' million d ollar category they have read about with fabulous contracts with spin-offs. 
They have watched prices far tickets rising and the dem ands of th*' super stars rising yearly. It leaves th** fans out in th** cold, as th*' super stars care little for th*' pocket book of the fans. 
I have inst the solution! If sports fans would devote the sam e tim e and energy in stu d y in g the Dow-.lunes averages instead of hatting averages, and m em orize statistics of the stock m ark et and actio n s and m e rits of stacks, they would share in th*' profits of their efforts and come home winners with dividends and stock appreciation 

 and laugh all the wav to the hank as super stars do every week 
Ely I. B ergm ann 

W e’re com m anded lo love all p erso n s 

Sir 
I som etimes wonder who is of g reater harm to th*' church — m ilitant a th e ists like Madalyn M urray O ’Hair. or wishy-washy defenders of the faith like Et*. Sherrill Smith (Letters. March 
I) 
Er. Smith condemned Mrs. O'Hair for her overhearing personality, hut never implied that the atheism she p reach es is wrong. He went on to confess that dedicated churchm en, too. are obnoxious, only adding that th*' church's “ dogm a” (Latin for “ tru th ") is no worse than that of Mrs. O'Hair. 
What a rally-ery for the besieged rem nant of C hristians! What a relief tit know that the faith and knowledge of 
Christ, for which countless m arty rs died, and to wliich we are asked to entrust our own lives, isn't any worse than the prejudice's of a befuddled old crank 
We are comm anded to love all, re­ gardless of their persuasions. We ar*' not, however, com m anded to degrade our church and faith, to fawn and flatter a few non-believers so that they might condescend to swell our congregations and drop money into the baskets. 
Egon R. Tausch 

Berry' 
World 

‘So, after all these years of government service, my re­ sponsibilities are being shifted just because I can't write 
PLAIN English!’ 
U.S. needs secrets act 

WASHINGTON - Recent in­ dications suggest that Presi­ dent Carter, as distinct from 
Candidate Carter, is rapidly discovering the essentiality of top-quality intelligence and the c o n co m itan t n e c essity for means to keep intelligence se­ crets secret. 
The new adm in istratio n's baptism of fire c a m e when the W ashington 
Post, *»n the eve of Secretary of State 
Cyrus V ance’s first Middle East trip. disclosed that the U.S. governm ent. via the CIA, had been paving multi- million dollar subsidies (“ bribes,” 
•the Post called them ) for two decades to .Jordan’s King Hussein. 
Nothing wrong 
Let it he said im m e d ia te ly that there is nothing w rong, or even ex* cepttonal, in a g re at pow er paying such subsidies (or “ subventions,” as they are technically known in diplo­ macy). 
T hroughout Britain’s two-century heyday as the w o rld 's g re atest em* pl re . its fro n tlin e i n s t r u m e n t s of 

 power were not arm ies lait its intel­ ligence services, th** Royal Navy and, above all, the pound sterling, billions of w hull were {literally dispensed to g o v e r n m e n ts , s ta te s m e n a n d any foreign recipient who could thereby 
Im* brought to serve the purposes of the crown 

Exceptional 
What is exceptional, and without precedent in history, even our own. is th a t a g r e a t n a tio n 's m i g h t i e s t new spaper (which perpetually keeps describing itself us responsible) should disclose such a rra n g e m e n ts for th e sak e of d is c lo su re — as if 
H ussein’s subvention* were somehow reprehensible — and get away with it. 
Iii dem ocratic Britain, from wh u h we derive our ( (institution aud free institutions, they have a tough official secrets aet under which w hoever dis* closes, as well as w hoever p rin ts, in fo rm atio n defined us s e c r e ts , is trusl in cam era, and, iii longstanding practice, receives a severe sentence usually involving im p riso n m e n t as well a s fin*' 
B ritain, for example aud also for 

Col. 
Robert D. 
Heinl Jr. 

 c o n trast, is now rn the p ro cess of expelling two tu rn c o a t A m ericans, 
Philip Agee (a (TA officer who de­ fected to the o th er tid e ) and Mare 
Hosenbail, a reporter whose specialty has been s y s te m a t ic e x p o s u re of non-< om m unist intelligence person­ nel and operations. 

Tough, tidy 

B esides th e ir focus on th e CIA 
(Agee w a s an editorial ad v iser for 
"Counter sp y ,’' the m agazine which fingered R ich ard W elch, our m u r­ dered CIA station chief iii Athens), both H osenbail aud Agee seem to have em barrassed Mitt, Britain's Se­ cret Intelligence Service 
W ithin w eek s, e ach w a s serv ed with a deportation notice (and could 

 iii all p ro bab ility have been p ro s e ­ cuted had tin* crown so wished). 

The tough and tidy way Britain has for disposing of those who disclose vital s e c re ts of state is im possible h e re , p a r t ly on c o n s titu tio n a l g ro u n d s, and partly on the inertia and u n w illin g n e s s of C o n g re ss to pass legislation which would punish those who disclose official se c re ts 
(and, incidentally, punish the likes of 
Agee, who knowingly divulge them to enem y intelligence services). 

Every other Western nation, except our own, has adequate laws against espionage and to protect its intelli­ g en ce se rv ic e s — especially th e ir sources and methods, the heart of the business — against exposure. 

U.S. has neither 

The United Slates bus neither?Our statutes, to Im- sure, do make it cri­ minal to divulge tax and census d a ­ ta. cotton iu tu re s, grand-jury p ro ­ c e e d in g s, aud p riv ate c o m m u n ic a ­ tions of doctors and lawyers with p a­ tients and clients 
Intelligence has no such protection 

After the intelligence debacles of lh*' p ast two y e a r s , it a p p e a r e d briefly th at the c o u n try , and even 
Congress, had been shocked into re­ cognition th at U S in tellig en ce — once the world’s best — needed legal protection for its secrets. 

At lh** prom pting of form er Direc­ t o r of Central Intelligence William E, 
Colby, 
President 
Ford proposed m i n im u m s a f e g u a r d le g is la tio n w hich w ould p u n is h g o v e r n m e n t e m p lo y e s (lik e Philip Agee) who, having sw orn an o ath of s e c re c y , knowingly break that oath and d is­ close intelligence so u rces or m e th ­ ods. 

Press exempt 

(T he press would he specifically ex em pted from the purview of the law — which in the recen t ease of 
Hussein’s subventions would exempt 
Hie Post hut punish the State De­ partm ent or CIA employe who leaked the story.) 

Until President C a rte r’s abrupt in­ tr o d u c tio n to th e p r o b l e m , the 
Colby-Kurd proposal has languished 

Mideast policy lines drawn 

WASHINGTON - This city is on the verge of another funda­ mental debate on the new Carter administration’s policy in the 
Middle East, and the debate has been building up in an odd and almost off-handed way. 
One day the adm inistration forbids 
Israel to sell 24 Israeli-built “ K fir” fighter bom bers to Ecuador equipped with a certain kind of U.S. engine. 
A few d a y s la te r, it w ith d ra w s a c o m m itm e n t by f o r m e r P r e s id e n t 
Ford to deliver high-pereussion bom bs to Israel. 
Then President C arter outlines, a l­ most casually, at a press conference, an installm ent plan withdrawal by Is­ rael to roughly the pre-1987 Arab-Is- raeli borders, and in his latest town- meeting rem ark s on foreign policy at 
Clinton, M ass., he talked about p ro ­ viding “ a homeland for the Palestinian 
’r e f u g e e s ” in som e undefined area of the Middle East. 
Added controversy 
E v e ry m o v e th is a d m i n is tr a t io n makes touching on the delicate Middle 
E astern pro blem adds to the con tro­ versy. 
Even when the President addressed an ad-hoc m eeting at the United N a­ tions and allowed representatives of the P alestine Liberation Organization to atten d , the Israeli am b assad o r in 
Washington, Sim cha Dinitz. called on 
Secretary of State Vance to express his g o v e r n m e n t’s “ c o n c e r n ” th a t th i s m ig h t be ta k e n as a sign th a t th e 
United Slates had changed its policy toward the PLO. 
The White House denied that there was any change toward the PLO. 
Change of approach 
But * learly there is a change of a p ­ proach here. 
Washington is no longer hesitating to put fo rw ard its own thoughts about how to b r e a k the n e g o tia tin g s t a l e ­ m ate, hut seem s to he insisting that peace in the Middle E ast is too serious a question to be left to the Israelis and the A rab states. 
T h is th e m e w a s s u g le s te d in a 
“ P u r p l e P a p e r ’’ p ro d u c e d by th e 
B rookings Institution in W ashington and noted with considerable interest here and e ls e w h e re b ecau se it w as signed by, a m o n g o th e rs, Zbigniew 
Brzezinski, now head of the C arter a d m i n i s t r a t i o n ’s N atio n a l S e c u rity 
Council. 
“ Rising tensions in the Middle E a s t.’’ the B ro o k in g s M id d le E a s t S tu d y 
Group said, “ . . . m ight well lead to a n o th e r A ra b -Is ra e li w ar and e v e n provoke a m ajor confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union 

Responsibilities 
“ T h e g o v e r n m e n ts d i r e c t l y concerned h ear the responsibility of negotiation and ag reem e n t, hut they are unlikely to he able to reach a g re e ­ ment alone. Initiative, im petus, and ind u cem en t m ay well have to co m e from outside. The United States, b e ­ c a u se it e n jo y s a m e a s u r e of confidence of parties on both sides and has til*' m e a n s to assist them econo­ m ically and m ilita rily , re m a in s the great power best fitted to work actively with them in bringing about a se ttle­ ment. . .” 
T his sta te s ra th e r gently and m o ­ d e r a te ly a view h eld m u c h m o r e stro n g ly and e x p re sse d m uch m o re dram atically by George VV. Ball. U.S. undersecretary of state from 1981-68. in the A pril issu e of the m a g a z in e 
Foreign Affairs, out this week. It hears the title of “ How to Save Israel in Spite of H erself." 
“ The United States must m ake clear to th** m ore m oderate Arab States — 
Saudi A rabia. Syria. Egypt and J o r ­ dan .” he writes, “ that it will use its leverage in the search for peace hut not unless they m ake clear th eir a c ­ ceptance of Israel’s sovereignty. 
“ At th e sa m e tim e ,” he adds, “ Is­ rael m ust he m ade to understand that a continuance of the present stalem ate 
IS m o re d an g e ro u s than the c o n c e s ­ sio n s r e q u i r e d fo r p eac e. . . T h is m ean s that our President m ust take th*' political heat from powerful and articulate pro-Israeli d o m e stic g r o u p s 
It m eans that as a nation we m ust be prepared lo accept abuse and b lam e from both sides, perm itting local poli­ tic ia n s to sav e I lit* i r own s k in s by a tta c k in g A m e ric a n a rr o g a n c e an d im perialism .” 
No suggestion 

T here is no suggestion here th at th** 
C a r te r a d m in is tr a tio n is follow ing 
George Ball s views. 
In fact there is reason for saying that 
( a rte r rejected hun as se c re ta ry of state partly because his convictions on th*' Middle East were so strong. 
B ut th*- ( a r t e r a d m in is tra tio n is moving closer to the view that it must intervene with tis own proposals for a 
“ final settlem ent" if the stalem ate is to Ik- broken and the drift toward war stap led by bolder dehat** and stronger 
U S action. 

All th** adm inistration is sa y in g is that it w.tills to change the q u e s tio n a n d g e t both sides to start t h in k in g about Compromises tiny have re je c te d iii the past, 
But th** tren d toward a m ore activ ist 
I .S policy is clear and lh** lines ar** tieing d ta w n tor what p ro m ises to Im* a b itter d e b a te , both iM'lween th** e x e c u ­ tive ami Congress, and b e tw ee n W a­ shington and Jerusalem 

Editor’s note: This is the last of a seven-part series excerpted from 
“ Super-Wealth: The Secret Lives of the 
Oil 
S h e ik s,” by 
Linda 
Blandford. This article tells the secret life of the man who invented 
OPEC. 

By LINDA BLANDFORD 
Every Thursday afternoon and som etim es on Friday an unobtrusive car drives into the 
Kuwait Hunting and Equestrian 
Club. 
A dignified m a n with a shock of white hair and an im passive, quizzical look gets out. T h e re ’s som ething about him. You know he doesn’t belong, but all the sheiks, m inisters, excellencies m ake a point of going up to him. 
Crazy horse 

He a c k n o w le d g e s th e m , s m ile s , c h a ts , th e n g o e s off to th e s ta b le s w here Jam id a , “ the crazy one,” as he calls her, is w aiting with her Texan saddle. She’s one of the rare Bahraini 
Arab horses to be sent off the island. 
The ruler of B ahrain chose her him ­ self as a present for Sheik Khalid, 
Kuwait’s top horse owner. Sheik Kha- 
1 id, p resid en t of the e m i r ’s dirw an, presented h er to his m an . The m an mounts Ja m id a ; rides off by himself. 
He’s a loner; that m uch is clear. 
OPEC idea 

W here does he com e from? 
He holds Kuwaiti, Syrian, Algerian, 
Jordanian, and, m ost recently, Saudi 
A rabian p a ssp o rts. I t’s the last that gives the key. 
He was the m a n who had the idea that becam e OPEC. 
He was the first A rab to talk of nationalizing oil, the first to say: “ Arab oil for the A rabs.” Abdullah a1 Tariki was the first Saudi A rabian Minister of 
Petroleum and Mineral Resources. 
The story of oil in the Mideast is the story of his life, except that he would never com prom ise and he was an hon­ est man. 
Abdullah a1 T ariki c a n ’t be bothered to tell that story. He looks to the future; the p ast d o e sn ’t m a tte r to him . But eventually he unlocks it for me. 
No borders 

His father had a caravan th at went betw een R iy a d h an d K u w ait. W hen 
Abdullah w as born in 1919, in what is now S a u d i A r a b ia , t h e r e w e re no countries, no borders. 
His father took him to Kuwait slung over the side of his cam el in a sack ( “ I was only 6 and he expected m e to stay on the back of a cam e l all night'. I kept losing my headdress or my stick.” ) 
He was to stay with a half-brother and go to school. “ In the m ornings I’d get up and clean the house and in the evenings I d collect our goats out in the desert. It’s all villas there now.” 

His apprenticeship started at ll. Ile w as s e n t a lo n e on a s t e a m s h i p to 
Bombay to work for a m erchant. 

The m erchan t couldn’t read or write; 
Abdullah could do both. He becam e the m erch ant’s secretary and bookkeeper. 

His chance 

The next tr a d e r he worked for felt this quick-witted urchin should be gi­ ven a chance. He sent him back from 
India to Arabia with a letter of intro­ d u ctio n to th e S a u d i M in is te r of 
Finance. 

Abdullah had to ride a cam el from 
Kuwait across to Mecca to present it. 
On the basis of that letter he was cho­ sen to receive schooling in Cairo. 

To this day he boasts of being the school’s sw im m in g cham pion ( “ breast stroke” ); mostly he studied. 

“ I w anted to be an en g in ee r even though I was very d u m b in chemistry. 
An Egyptian officer told m e that when 
Clod created people, he created their w ealth w ith th e m , but it w as up to them to find it. 

K IN G FA ISA L 
. had a gru d ge 

 second wife (the A m erican had left years ago) until 1979. 

The Lebanese kicked him out w ith­ out w arning or explanation. The long a m i of F aisal’s unrelenting spite had reached Beirut 

He trie d w orking from C airo , but who can with a telephone system that takes two days per call? 

The Kuwaitis were delighted to have nim when he moved here. “ H e’s come hom e,” they say. 

For the past IO years he’s been an oil consultant to m any governm ents (just look at the list of passports) He also p u b lish e s a m a g a z in e . “ T h e Oil of 
A rabs.” 

W hen K ing F a is a l w a s sh o t, A b­ dullah flew to Saudi Arabia to make peace with an old friend, now King 
Khaled. 

He g o t his p a s s p o rt b a c k , but he c a n ’t see why I should find it su rp ris­ ing th at soon afterw ard he published an a rtic le in his m a g a z in e h ead ed . 
“ Rem ove the P arasites from Around the Crown.” 

It a tta c k e d everyone a ro u n d King 
Khaled “ Khaled is my hope, but he’s 

. . . . They ll always spend, never pro- duce. We open a tap, let out the oil and change it into dollars . . . . What we have is a torrent of rain and no dams. 

“ He told m e that when he served in 
T urkey he saw geologists running up and dow n the m o u n tain s looking for m in e r a ls , looking for w ealth. T h at sounded like a good idea.” 

N ext c a m e a sc h o la rsh ip to C airo 
University and after that a m a s te r's degree in geology and petroleum e n ­ gineering in Texas. 

He w as to become the first Saudi oil technocrat. 

“ In C airo th e A m e ric a n s w e re so­ m ething new to us. They m eant a lot of go ld w a tc h e s , g o ld rin g s , a lot of chew ing gum . I ju st got the idea th at I would like A m ericans very m u c h .” 

New Y ork? He hated it. 

“ I had no money but I got a guide­ book and walked into the first hotel I saw listed. It was the Waldorf-Astoria • 
— can you believe I was that naive? I ended up in the best I could afford, a m attress on a m attre ss on a floor be­ hind T im e s S q uare.” 

Loathed Texas 

T exas? He loathed it. He was lonely. 
“ I m et an A m erican, a blonde, who wanted to m a rry m e; she liked m e ." 
She liked him engh to m arry him and go back to Saudi Arabia with him. 

W en he returned the Saudis placed him with Arameo in Dhahran. Ile was the only qualified A rab in an A m erican joint, and Arameo did n’t like it. 

T hey w anted to house him in the 
Arab workers* barrack s. He held out for an American-executive apartm ent. 
That solved nothing; his wife w as os­ tra c iz e d for m a r ry in g a n ative 
“ It w asn ’t a happy tim e ." A typical Ab­ dullah rem ark . 

In 1958 K ing S au d m oved h im to 
Jedd ah to be the country’s top m an in oil. 

Becomes minister 

In 196o he was m ad e m inister (Ya- m ani w as nothing then). Abdullah was a power. 

He had a house by the sea, full of p eo p le, la u g h te r, g azelles, d o g s — 
King S au d ’s castoffs. 

“ King Saud brought five greyhounds fro m E n g la n d b e c a u s e he felt like racing them . When he got tired of the idea I took on th e dogs. T hey w ere m ales and females, so I ended up with 
17." He always turns everything into a joke. 

T h e o il-c o m p a n y m en h a te d 
Abdullah. He found some weak points in t h e i r b o o k k e e p in g . He fo r c e d 
A ram eo to pay back $145 million. 

“ My own aim was to break our 5o-59 participation agreem ent with them . I spent a year negotiating with a J a p a n ­ ese com pany to give us 56-44 Then I found out that F a isa l’s brother-in-law, 
K a m a l A d h a m , w as th e ir a g e n t 
T h ey’d already given him a million dollars com m ission, but on top of that they had a secret ag reem en t to pay him 2 per cent of their profit. I got m ad ,” one of his favorite phrases. “ I forced the Japanese to cancel the 2 per cent commission to A dham . I think 
F aisal never forgave me for th a t." 

 surrounded by parasites and since I ve always said what I believe, why stop now?” 
Don Quixote 

This Don Quixote and I talk in many places his office, his club, his car. 
One day he invites m e to dinner. He wants me to m eet his son. At the club he’s a respected figure. 
In his office in the 1o-story Kuwait 
A irw a y s 
“ s k y s c r a p e r , ” h e ’s a com m anding figure. To oilm en every­ where he’s an historical one. 
I walk into an ap a rtm e n t w here the television is alm o st b ig g e r th an the living room . T he food is a m p le , his hospitality w arm , but th e flat is too sm all for it to be anything but simple. 
He doesn’t mind I don’t m ind. His son 
Zakhr does. 

Abdullah's son 

Z akhr is tall, slender, and as good­ looking as Abdullah m u st have been at his age — he’s 24. 
What strikes me is the contradiction of his outer shyness and inner anger. 
He doesn’t know whom it’s directed at 

He hardly knows his father, from his childhood in Jed d ah he rem em b ers a big, powerful b ea r living in splendor. 
He’s stuck with an aging m an, who 
(naturally) seem s sm all to him now. 
He can only talk to him through a ser­ vant w ho’s b een w ith his fath er for years. He doesn’t know what to say. 
What is he supposed to have in com­ mon with Abdullah? 
Z a k h r is th e son of th e d iv orced 
American wife. He grew up hating his absent father; he still w o n’t see his 
L ebanese ste p m o th e r and 6-year-old half-sister. 
F or the m o m e n t, fortunately, they live in Cairo. Abdullah goes there for a week every m onth 
Not American 
Why is Z akhr here at all? Because he’s not A m erican, although he sounds like one. He w as brought up in Beirut and the U.S. H e’s graduated from Yale 
University and he needs a job. 
• 
Every tim e he goes to the States he has a hassle with the im m igration people; he has Saudi traveling papers. 
He needs his father to help him get work in the only country w here he’s legally supposed to belong — Saudi 
Arabia 
“ Am I an A rab'' T w ouldn’t be if I’d been allowed to se ttle in the States easily. So I d o n’t know what I am. But 
I’ve come to live h ere anyw ay. The outward things a re n ’t hard 
“ I can put on the h ea d d ress (I al­ ways see him w earing jeans and a red sw eater), and it’s like a wall around my eyes, m y secu rity blanket if you like. The inner things, those are what I can’t work o u t.” 
Zakhr went to Jed d ah recently. The 
Juffali m erch an t family, powerful enough I’d have thought to m ake their own a p p o in tm e n ts, p ro m ised him a job. He’s sitting here at supper; he’s heard nothing. 
His father’s son 
L ater in London I’m told by a top 
Saudi that word probably went to the 
Juffaiis that Abdullah al Tariki was all right again, but not all right enough for them to hire his son 
Zakhr m ay be a 24-year-old much- n eeded Y a le g r a d u a t e , an d w h a t’s more a Saudi. But in traditional Arabia he's first the son of his father. 
No one c la im s that Abdullah a1 T ar­ iki was d isho n est or subversive. The way it was put to m e in London by a man close enough to the throne to know was: 
“ He was ahead of his time. Nationa­ lization w asn ’t in fashion then; it was a w ord a1 T a r i k i s h o u ld n e \ e r have used.” 
A bdullah a1 T arik i is p lanning on going back to Saudi Arabia. Mostly for his son ’s s a k e , altho ug h h e ’d never admit it, partly for his own. He’s going to buy a ranch and speak his mind 
“ You have to be in a place where you can be effective. Look at them , every one of them is corrupt. It’s disgusting. 
No one is secu re in that country. No wonder they just want to m ake their 

■ v 

G A S burnoff fla re s up o v e r a refinery 

 money fast and get out I'm 56 
“ I shall go back to Saudi Arabia and 
I shall go on saying what I believe. And if a truck ‘accidentally’ runs m e over or I suffer a ‘p rem ature heart attack ,' b etter that way. I would rather finish it like that than learn to be afraid. 
Revolution 
“ Once I thought revolution m igh t be an answ er. Now I see what the m ilitary ones have done in other countries — they change the old bad ways for new bad ways. I feel — I hope — that all it needs is time. 
“ G ive th e m enough y ears and the people, even the royal fam ilies, will learn enough to m ake chang es from the inside. It’s safer that way.” 
One day w e're driving along the sea road and Abdullah falls silent; it’s un­ like him by now 
Ile thinks for a while and then says with deep feeling 
“ I f s u seless to be a Kuwaiti or a 
Saudi. It’s a piece of a tiling, i f s not a th in g rn itself. T his is what oil has done. This change is not normal. Rags to riches can happen to individuals, not 

 to nations. 
“ T h e s e a r t if i c ia l c r e a t i o n s like 
K u w ait, d ra w n on a m a p by o th e r powers, th ey’ll never accom plish a n ­ ything T h e y ’ll alw ays sp en d , never produce. We open a tap. let out the oil and change it into dollars. They call us the ‘oil producing cou ntries.’ T h at’s a joke. 
So stupid 

“ W hat we have is a to rren t of rain and no dam s. We are so, so stupid. 

“ I rem em b er once the B ritisher St. 
John Philby told King Ibn Saud that he s h o u ld n ’t touch the p eo ple, that he shouldn’t let the oil touch their lives 

‘‘At the tim e we thought he was a colonial, an im p erialist stooge I re ­ m em ber how I laughed at him. Now I wonder if he w asn’t right after all " 
Copyright (c) 1977 “ Super-W ealth: 
The Secret Lives of the Oil Sheiks,” by 
Linda B landford. R e p rin te d by p e r ­ mission of W illiam Morrow and Co., 
Inc. 
End of series 

Resigns post 

OIL WELL blows out of control 

When the a1 Saud family forced King 
Saud to abdicate in F aisal’s favor in 
1963, Abdullah a1 T ank ! went too. 

" I ch o se to re s ig n lf I h a d n ’t, I would have been fired It was obvious 
A ram eo w anted my head. I co u ld n ’t stay in the country without working, and so I went to live somewhere else I w asn't bitter about it I can't h ate." 

The 
Algerian and 
Kuwaiti gov­ ern m en ts im m ediately took h un on as, their oil adviser, posts he still holds. 
He lived h appily in Beirut w ith his 

R eleasing terrorist 
OK — Bell 

WASHINGTON (A F ) - Atty. Gen. G riilin Bell said Friday it was only a m inor concession to au th­ orize the tem porary release of the Hanafi Muslim leader responsible for taking m ore than IOO hostages in Washington last week. 
“ This was really a very m inim al action I thought, given the release of the hostages, that it was not a drastic thing to do,” Bell said at a news conference. 
L ater in the day, he sp o k e to so m e 6oo of the 
Justice D epartm ent’s thousands of employes to out­ line his goals and respond to their questions. 
Budget 
In line with the C arter a d m in is tra tio n ’s budget cutting efforts, Bell said, “ There will be growth in the departm ent only w here need d ictates growth 
Costs will be pared w henever and w herever possi­ ble." 
A black attorney ex p ressed concern that blacks and other minorities have few opportunities for jobs as d epartm ent law yers except in the civil rights division. Bell said he would try to hire m ore m inor­ ity lawyers and assign them throughout the depart­ ment . 
As he had promised at the news conference, Bell admonished d epartm ent em ployes not to disclose confidential inform ation ab ou t pen d in g crim in al investigations. 
“ You can do great h a rm to som eone’s rights if erroneous information gets out about a grand jury investigation which m ay com e to nothing,” Bell told the employes. 

His decision 

At the news conference, the attorney general said he personally auth orized the re le a s e of H am aas 
Abdul Khaalif on his personal recognizance after the 
Hanafi leader and his ll co m rades surrendered to police and freed the hostages they had held captive in three Washington buildings for 38 hours. 
He said he approved the action on condition that a judge agree to it, and Superior Court Jud ge Harold 
Greene went along. 
No other promises were m ade to the Hanafi Mos­ lems, Bell said. “ T h ere’s no agreem ent except for one man, Khaalis, being released on his own recog­ nizance," 
He noted that Khaalis did not seek im m unity from prosecution and “ I would not have given him im ­ munity " Except for restrictions on travel, Khaalis remains free pending a g rand jurv indictment 

Negotiate 

In terrorist situations, Bell said police should be free to negotiate with gunm en in un effort to free hostages. “ It probably w ould to* a very foolish course to refuse to negotiate at all After all, you re trying ta save lives ” 

CLOTHING FUTURES 
H. FreemanTrunk Showing 

Satel’s is hosting a special preview of the H. Freeman collection of Summer and Fall Suits. Howard Lupin, 
H. Freeman representative, will be in our Alamo Heights Store. For advance selections. 
And special custom tailoring. 

Alamo HeightsStore 
March 18— 12:oo • 6:oo p.m. 
March 19 — 9:oo • 6:oo p.m. 

Alamo HeightsStore 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 
Page I 3-A of OPEC will never be bought 
Originator 

Page 
I 4-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 i d a y o n l y 
/V \O N T G C )/V \E R 

IN-STORE 

When we clean house you save a 

Out they go 
Clearance. 

Dresses and Pantsuits 

25%-5o% off 
R egu larly *17-*42 
Misses’, Juniors’, Half-sizes 
LIMITED QUANTITIES, HURRY IN! 

WOMENSWEAR 

Clearance. 

SPECIAL GROUP 
SPORTSWEAR 
25-5o% off 

REG. $7-$25 
Pants, tops, blouses. 

Vi Price 
MISSES’ BUTTON- 
FRONT SHIFT 

2 
49 

REG. 4.99 
Sleeveless. No-iron. 

Vt PRICE! WOMEN S HOUSESHOES 
- 7 5 
- 
5 o 
Selected Styles. Reg. .'l.f>o-4.5o pr.................. I 
To m 

5-P R . HYPO-ALLERGENIC EARRINGS 
. 9 9 
With 5 shades eye shadow. Boxed. Reg. 7.5o........... 4 

SAVE 2.56 ON SEAMLESS BRA 
- 
4 4 
Assorted sizes. Regular 6.oo ........................................ O 

V2 Price. 
Fabric remnants I 

Special g ro u p 

See wovens, knits; cot­ tons, polyesters, syn­ thetics, blends, more. 
Colors, prints galore. 
•All Wards top quality. 

' 7 / J 

MENSWEAR VALUES 

 j8 8 

66c 

SAVE ON MEN S NECKWEAR 
Polyester; solids, patterns. Reg. 4.5o-5.5o ........ 

MEN S UNDERW EAR ASSORTMENT 
T-shirts, athletic shirts, briefs, boxers. Broken pkgs. Reg. 1.oo-2.o9 each .......... 

'/j PRICE! MEN S SPORT SHIRTS 
Long sleeves. Asst’d. colors, sizes. 
$j* 
$■* a 
Reg. 1o.oo-28.oo ................................................ 
D T o l< * 

6.12-7.12 OFF! SPECIAL GROUP MEN S JEANS 
Assorted styles, colors. Reg. 13.oo-14.oo................. 

Save 51%-7o% 

CLEARANCE OF MEN’S 
FASHION DRESS SHIRTS 
3 
88 

R e g . J 8 - J 1 3 

Wide array, but not every size in every style or color. Hurry in for best selection. 

FURNITURE BUYS 

88 

CHILDRENSWEAR 

BOYS’ & GIRLSWEAR CLEARANCE 
Slacks, knit shirts, lung and short dresses. Sizes 2-6x. 
Assorted styles, colors. 
C A o1 
Regularly 2.99-19.9o, now ............... 
/O OFF 

GIRLSWEAR BUYS 

25% OFF! GIRLS’ TOPS, PANTS, DRESSES, SKIRTS 
Special group. Sizes 7-14, Jr. teen 
-■ 49 
$ q and half sizes. Reg. 2.99 18.oo......................... I 
To J 

SHOES FOR THE FAMILY 

V2 Price 
SPECIAL GROUP 
WOMEN’S CASUALS 
3 97to 7 47 
REG. 7.99-S16 
Assorted styles, >izes. 

Save V2 
SPECIAL GROUP 
WOMEN’S 
SANDALS 
3 

4 7 
£ 4 7 
To O 
REG. 6.99-12.99 
Assorted styles, sizes. 

*15 
SAVE $5 ON M EN’S MOTIVATORS 
Leather up|>ers. Crepe soles. Reg. 2o.oo ........... 

BOYS* CLASSIC MOC-TOE OXFORD 
- 
$ 
- 
All vinyl. Big, little boys sizes. Reg. 7.99-8.99 4bPr. I D 

BOYSWEAR VALUES 

25-4o% OFF! BOYS’ NO-IRON JEANS 
Brushed and cord polyester. Colors. Reg. 7.99-9.99 ......................... 

$2-SS OFF! BOYS’ LONG SLEEVE SHIRTS 
No-iron prints and solids. 
Assorted sizes. Reg. 5.99-8.99 ......................... 

SAVE ON BOYS’ CREW SOCKS 
- j - 
Cotton nylon. Bkg. of 3. Reg. 3/1,59 .................. «5 Pr. I 

Vj PRICE! BOYS’ FLANNEL SHIRTS 
- 
4 9 
Assorted colors, sizes. Reg. 4.99.................................. i t 

597 

397 

THE CHAIN SHOP 

Vt PRICE! YOUNG MEN S LEISURE SH IR T S-so 
Assorted styles. Reg. 15.IKM8.oM........................ / 
To SI 

>/i PRICE! YOUNG MEN’S DRESS S L A C K S ^ j - - 
Special group. Keg, 15.(K)-2o.oo ..................... / 
To I U 

V 2 OFF! YOUNG MEN S KNIT SPORT SHIRTS 
A ssorted styles. Reg. 1o.UO-2o.oo ........ 
* | Q 

V2 Price 
SPECIAL GROUP 
MEN’S SLACKS 
7 88 to 9 88 
REG. $16-$2o 
Knits; solids, patterns. 

Save */2 
SPECIAL GROUP 
SPORTCOATS 
‘2 o t.’3 5 
REG. $4o-$7o 
Solids and patterns. 

*35 OFF! MEN S KNIT LEISURE SUITS 
1oo'V polyester. Reg. 65.oo........................ 
29 
88 

SAVE ON YARD GOODS 

POLY ESTER/COTTON GINGHAM CHECKS 
Machine wash. 44-45”W. Reg. 1.19 yard ............ 
68° 

LINENS & BEDDING 

99 
$2 OFF! C U SH -N -SO FT MATTRESS PAD 
- 
Polyester. Twin-size. Reg. 7.99 .................................... 5 
9.99 full-size mattress p a d ............................................ 7.99 

SAVE ON M IS-M ATCHED SHEETS 
>44 

97 

Twin, lull sizes. Reg. 5.47-12.99 .................... 3 To 8 

5o% OFF! CATALOG OVERSTOCK BEDSPREADS 
Assorted styles, patterns, sizes. 
— 47 o f* 97 
Regularly 14.99-59.99 ................................. / 
To Z U 

Vt PRICE! DENIM PRINT SLUMBER BAG 
- 
Opens to 68x8o”. Regular 19.99................................... JI 

REG. 2.99 APOLLO BATH TOWELS 
- 24 
IOO', solid cotton terry. Now ...................................... JL 
2.39 matching hand tow el............................................. 1.79 
1.19 matching washcloth................................................. 89 

REG. 4.29 BASTILLE PRINT BATH TOWELS 
- 22 
IOO', heavy cotton terry. Now .................................... <5 
2.99 matching hand tow el............................................. 2.24 
1.49 matching washcloth............................................... 1.12 

CHECK THESE BUYS 

*2 
*1 

SAVE 1.5o ON EARRING BOX 
Regularly 3.5o, now only 
............................... 

SPECIAL BUY! MOD WATCH BANDS 
Many styles. Buy several at this low p rice........... 

PULSAR W RISTBAND. EARRINGS, BROOCHES 
- 
8 8 
Regularly 5.o9-11 OO each, (low <>ni\ ...................... 
Z 

$5 OFF! 1 o o o WATT BLO W ER/DRYER 
- - 
9 9 
Regularly 18.99, now only .................................. 1<J 
19.99 Ultra-brush styler/dryer ..................... 
14.99 

$2o OFF! W ARDS WHIRLPOOL BATH 
- q 9 9 
Regularly 89.99, now only......................................... D er 

ARTIFICIAL PLANTS AND TREES o r o / 
S|w*cial group, now reduced ......................... Z U / o OFF 

IRONSTONE DINNERWARE REDUCED O C O / 
Assorted styles, patterns. Now .................... Z 5 / o OFF 

$7o OFF! 5-PC . DINETTE SET 
O Q Q 8 8 
Regularly 369.99, now only.................................... Z U U 

$3o OFF! W ALNUT BARREL TABLE 
7 q 8 8 
Regularly 1o9.99, now only....................................... / U 
99.99 Gold color keg chair .......................................... 79.88 

SAVE 6.11 ON BLACK BAR STOOL 
- - g g 
Regularly 16.99, now only......................................... I U 

$ 2 o o OFF! 5-PC . COLONIAL BEDROOM 
- a q 6 4 
Bed, dresser, mirror. Reg. 7o9.95......................... 5 U U 
259.99 matching c h e st............................................... 199.88 
99.99 matching nightstand ......................................... 69.88 

$17o OFF! M ODERN DINING ROOM SET 
- - q 4 o 
Table and 4 chairs. Reg. 689.99 ............................ 5 I U 
61o.oo matching china............................................... 499.88 
125.oo matching arm c h a ir......................................... 99.88 

$131 OFF! COLONIAL DINING ROOM 
- o q 4 o 
Dark pine finish. 'Bable, 4 chairs. Reg. 559.99 ... 4 Z U 
459.99 matching china................................................... $375 
199.99 matching dry sin k .......................................... 149.88 

SAVE ON EARLY AMERICAN T A B L E S- - 
8 8 g 8 
Maple-finish. Reg. 79.99-1o9.99 ............. D U 
To 4 U 

SAVE $5o ON COLONIAL BAR a £ a 
8 8 
Regularly 319.99, now only.................................... Z u J 
85.oo matching barstool.............................................. 69.88 

$9o OFF! 5-PC . DINING ROOM 
o - q 4 o 
Fr. Brev. table, 4 chairs. Reg. 349.99 ....... .......... Z 5 U 
299.99 matching c h in a............................................... 229.88 
55.oo matching arm chair ........................................... 39.88 

SAVE $2o! M ODERN COCKTAIL TABLE 
_ q 8 8 
Regularly 99.99, now only......................................... # 9 
99.99 Console sofa tab le.............................................. 79.88 
99.99 Modern end table .............................................. 79.88 

$2o OFF! OCCASIONAL TABLES 
_ q 8 8 
Hex or square commode. Reg. 99.99 ...................... / U 

Save *1o 
MAPLE FINISH 
BOSTON ROCKER 
3 9 88 
REC. 49.99 
Solid hardwood. 

*8o off 
TRADITIONAL 
LOVESEAT 
2 9 9 88 
REG. 379.99 
Cactus green. 

$12o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA q q q 88 
Copper color. Regular 519.99 .................................. < 5 9 9 
299.99 matching chair ................................................... 229.88 

$15o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA a/*rx88 
Rust color. Regularly 649.99 ................................... 4 U U 
499.99 matching loveseat .............................................. 399.88 
329.99 matching chair ................................ 
249.88 

$7o OFF! COUNTRY FRENCH SOFA 
o 7 q 88 
Copper color. Regular 349.99 ................................. 2 7 U 
179.99 matching chair .............................. 
129.88 
159.99 oak cocktail table................................................ 119.88 
159.99 oak corner ta b le......................... 
119.88 
139.99 oak end ta b le........................................................ 99.88 

$12o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA 
. - - 88 
Copper rust. Regularly 619.99................................. 4 U U 
529.99 matching loveseat ........................ 
429.88 
349.99 matching chair ................................................... 279.88 

$7o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN SOFA o o q 8 8 
Toast color. Regularly 399.99 .................................. «SZ U 
249.99 matching loveseat.............................................. 179.88 

$7o OFF! EARLY AMERICAN LOVESEAT o o n 8 8 
Tan rad. Regularly 29o.9o 
ZZ J 
199.99 matching chair ................................ 
129.88 

$28o OFF! MODERN STYLE SOFA 
- - - 88 
Chestnut. Regularly 779.99 ...................................... 4 U U 
649.99 matching loveseat.............................................. 479.88 
199.99 matching ottoman ...................... 
129.88 

Colorful colonial swivel rockers. 
Pine-finished hardwood ac- 
£ 
o 
8 
8 cents pretty cotton print. 
Why not buy a pair? 
69 
Each, reg. 89.99 

FURNITURE BUYS 

SAVE $1oo ON MODERN SOFA 
o o o 8 8 
Sable-look. Regularly 499.99 ................................ «SUU 
399.99 matching loveseat .......................................... 329.88 
279.99 matching chair ............................................... 199.88 

$15o OFF! MODERN STYLE SOFA 
- - - 88 
Two-tone. Regularly 899.99................................... 7 4U 
779.99 matching loveseat .......................................... 599.88 
549.99 matching chair ............................................... 449.88 

SAVE $1oo ON MODERN SOFA 
o o o 8 8 
Brown. Regularly 399.99, now ............................... ZUU 
339.99 matching loveseat.......................................... 299.88 
219.99 matching chair ............................................... 179.88 

$8o OFF! MODERN STYLE SOFA 
o o o 8 8 
Lv-Tn. Regularly 379.99, now ............................... ZUU 
299.99 matching loveseat .......................................... 249.88 
179.99 matching chair ............................................... 129.88 

SAVE $7o ON TRADITIONAL SOFA 
o*7o88 
Vanilla spice. Regular 349.99 ................................ Z7U 
299.99 matching loveseat .......................................... 229.88 
179.99 matching chair ............................................... 129.88 

$1oo OFF! TRADITIONAL SLEEP-SOFA 
- - - 88 
Gold-sand. Regular 499.99..................................... «5UU 

$7o OFF! MODERN SLEEP-SOFA 
O O O 88 
Chestnut. Queen-size. Reg. 469.99.......................<5UU 

SAVE $7o ON 3-PC. CORNER GROUP 
o o ft8 8 
Melon. Regularly 299.99 ........................................ ZZU 

SAVE $9o! TRADITIONAL RECLINER 
- f t f t 88 
Amber. Regularly 289.99........................................ I UU 

SAVE $5o ON ROCKER RECLINER 
- - ft88 
Green. Regularly 249.99 ......................................... I UU 
139.99 rocker/recliner, green vinyl ............................ 89.88 

$6o OFF! MODERN STYLE ROCKER 
- 
88 
Blue fur-look. Reg. 169.99 ........................................ 9 9 
199.99 Dusty olive rocker ......................................... 149.88 

CURTAINS & DRAPERIES 

O N E -O F -A -K IN D CUSTOM DRAPERIES— 
Assorted styles, fabrics, sizes ..................... 5 o / o OFF 

SAVE $1 ON TUFTED CHAIR PADS 
9 9 
Assorted colors. Regular 3.99........................................ 2 

CATALOG OVERSTOCK DRAPERIES 
- - M 
Lined, unlined, solids, prints ..................... 5 o / o OFF 

SAVE 4.11 ON PLUSH FLOOR PILLOWS 
, - 
Regularly 15.99 each, now ........................................ J I 

ALL M ADE-TO -M EASURE DRAPES 
- - M 
Now reduced.................................................. 2 5 / o OFF 

HOUSEWARES BUYS 

SAVE 12.11 ON W ARDROBE CABINET 
- A ou 
63x19x3o". Regularly 61.99 ..................................... 49 
42.99 Shelf cabinet, 15xl2x6o”H .................................. 29.88 

$41 OFF! Io -PC . COOKWARE SET 
Open stock price 7o.95. N ow.................. 29 
59.99 1o-pc. Magic Rote cookware s e t ....................... 34.88 

CORNINGW ARE* COUNTRY FESTIVAL- 
- 
M 
All pieces, now ............................... 
2 5 / o OFF 

SHOW ER CURTAINS AND LIN ER O - 
- 
M 
Special group. Now reduced 
2 5 ■ * 5 o / o OFF 

CLOSE-OUT! FAN-FORCED HEATER 
- 
Thermostat, 3-spdL Reg. 41.99 ................................ 28 

CLOSE-OUT! 125o-WATT SPACE HEATER 
* 
Fan-forced. Regular 24.99........................................ \ / 

PRE-SEA SO N CANNING SUPPLIES 
, n aw 
Pressure canners, freezer supplies, etc 
1 o / o OFF 

LIM ITED QUANTITIES ON SOM E ITEM S, SO HURRY! SO RRY , NO PHONE OR C.O.D. ORDERS, PLEASE 

WONDERLAND MALL 
F re d e ric k sb u rg R oad at l oop 41o 
O pe n IO a .m u n til 9 p in. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IM 35 N o rth at W a lz e m R oad 
O p e n IO a rn u n t i l 9 p m daily 

M any ite m s also available at Wards Neighborhood Stores. 

MCCRELESS MALL 
S o u t h New Br a u nf e l s at S o u t h i r o ^ 
O p e n IO a m u n t i l 9 p m dailv 
/V lO N T C iO M E R Y ihW M U 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March 19 I 977 

Saturday, M arch 19 
IO a.m . till 9 p.m . 

 bundle. Hurry in for best selection. 

Make your AM radio a CB receiver. 
Join the fun! E asily in ­ 

 crystal con- 
- 
* 9 9 stalled unit is crystal con­ tro lled for s ta b ility . 23 channels. 
1 4 
R e g u la rly 29.99 

SAVE 'HO 
STURDY 1ox7* STEEL BUILDING 

 holds 469 
2 
2 
o 
8 
8 

R E G U L A R L Y 249.95 

9 ,1o,,x6,i r ’ int. cu. ft. 8*1" peak. 
1ox9* Front-gable building, reg. 199.9; 

FLOOR COVERING 

SAVE ON CARPET REMNANTS 
Special group. Assorted sizes ................... / 3 mm / 2 OFF 

SAVE $2 YD. "SUNDIAL” VINYL fi49 
In stock only. Keg. 8.19 sq. yd......................................... U 

18% OFF! EASY-STICK FLOOR TILE 
A AC 
Our best: 12x12-in. Keg. 54' each ............................... 4 4 

CAMERAS, OFFICE NEEDS 

'/: PRICE! 1-DRW .TUF-FILE 
- . 88 
Sand or black. Keg. 29.99 ............................................ 1 4 

13 OFF! 7x35MM BINOCULARS 
« q97 
Ultra wide-angle. Reg. 4o.o9 ...................................... «S«5 

8.11 OFF! FINANCIER NOVUS CALCULATOR 
~ . 88 
Regularly 112.99, now o n ly ............................................ 
.32.99 Novus Statistician calculator ............................ 24.88 

3.11 OFF! X-5o MAGIMATIC CAMERA OUTFIT q 8 8 
Regularly 12.99, now o n ly ................................................. 5/ 

$1o OFF! T-14oo PRINTING CALCULATOR q q 8 8 
Regularly 99.99, now o n ly ............................................ O */ 

17.11 OFF! ADDING MACHINE COVER 
- q 8 8 
Regularly 78.99, now o n ly .............................................. D SI 

2.11 OFF! PHOTO MEMORY BOX q 8 8 
Regularly 11.99, now o n ly ................................................. */ 

SPORTING GOODS 

$2o OFF! OLYMPIC 1o-SPD. RACER 
, a q 8 8 
Regularly 129.99, now o n ly 
............................ 1 U 5 J 
134.99 2o-in. chopper b ik e ........................................... 1o9.88 

$41 OFF! IN F T . ALUMINUM CANOE 
O C 
Regularly 229.9.7, now o n ly ......................................... 
I O O 

SAVE '/a! 4-LB. SLEEPING BAG 
1 - 4 9 
Nylon shell. Polyester fill. Reg. 34.99 ................. ... I / 

$1oo OFF! 8-FT. POOL TABLE 
'J O O * 8 
Drop pocket. Regularly 499.99 ............................... v S rS f 
249.99 3-in-1 game table .............................................. 2o9.88 

$3o OFF! 12-FT. JON BOAT 
. £ Q88 
Regularly 199.99, now only ................................. 1 .o * / 
249.oo 7J>-hp outboard m o to r.................................... 199.88 

SAVE $3o ON 9x12 CABIN TENT 
- 1 q 8 8 
Nylon wall. Aluminum frame Keg. 119.99......... I l « f 
169.99 9x15’ tent, n o w ................................................... 129.88 

AUTOMOTIVE NEEDS 

55 OFF! IGNITION TUNE-UP KITS 
Points, condensor. Regular 2 . 8 8 ..................... 

SAVE 1o.11 ON ELECTRONIC IGNITION 
Easy to install. Regular 49.99......................... 

1o.11 OFF! 8-TRACK AUTO STEREO 
Installation available. Reg. 39,99 ................... 

24% OFF! SPIN-ON OIL FILTERS 
For most cars. Reg. 1.99 ca. ...................... 

233 
39“ 
29“ 

|5 G 

PAINTING NEEDS 

1o.99 OFF! HAND-HELD AIRLESS SPRAYER 
No com pressor needed. 11o-volt. Reg. 99.99 .......... 

$6o OFF! '/a-H P COMPRESSOR SPRAYER 
5-gal. tank, gun, hose. Reg. 149.95 ............................ 

$5 OFF! ACRYLIC LATEX EXTERIOR PAINT 
For house ami trim. 15 colors. Reg. 1o.99 gal.......... 

$4 OFF! INTERIOR LATEX FLAT PAINT 
I i colors Regular 8 99 gal 

*89 
*89 
5“ 

4 " 

Model 444o MKO 
Un*»embl.d 

129.88 

HOME FIX-UP NEEDS 

8“ 

88c 

5 8 8 

*99 
*99 

88 

188 

1.11 OFF! SOLAR-X' SUN CONTROL FILM 
18x72". Regularly 9.99, now ................................... 

31* OFF! 2 SHELF BRACKETS 
Regularly 1.19 pair, now .......................................... 

SAVE 2.11 ON OAK PANELING 4x8’ 
Choose Roanoke, Ashville, Staunton. Reg. 7.99 

$2o OFF! CASA BLANCA CEILING FAN 
36-inch model. Regular 119.oo............................. 

$4o OFF! 8x12’ PATIO KIT 
Installation available. Reg. 139.oo ...................... 

12-IN. ALUMINUM TURBO VENTS 
o c o 
Installed on walkable roof. Reg. 2/73.48 ........... 4* 

$1o OFF! 3o-IN. WHITE VENT-A-HOOD 
Regularly 34.95, now o n ly ............................................ 
All other range h o o d s................................................ 15% off 
ALL IN-STOCK & DAMAGED 
CABINETS o c - 
Now red u ced .......................................... 
/o OFF 
$1o OFF! REVERSE TRAP TOILET 
* - 88 
W hite vitreous china. Reg. 54.95 .............................. 

$5 OFF! MEDICINE-CABINET WITH LIGHTS 
„ S 8 
Sliding m irror door. Reg. 32.95 .................................. 4 * / 

$15 OFF! 3o-GAL. WATER HEATER 
- n 
- 88 
Cast-iron burner. Reg. 119.99 ................................. 1 U 4 
129.99 4o-gal. model ...................................................... 114.88 

$19 OFF! 2o-IN. VANITY WITH TOP 
- - 88 
Vireous china top. Reg. 93.95 ..................................... / 4 

121.95 24-in. vanity with top 
94.88 

$2o OFF! 4-LT. OXYOKE FIXTURE 
. q 88 
Regularly 69.99, now o n ly ............................................ 4 s f 
69.99 5-Lt. chandelier ..................................................... 49.88 

1o.11 OFF! IMITATION CANE SWAG LIGHT 
.. q 88 
Regularly 28.99, now o n ly ............................................ *%/ 

2.11 OFF! 15-WATT UNDER CABINET LIGHT 
- 88 
18-in. fluorescent, (tegular 7.99 ..................................... v 

2276 

Save *2oo 

Big 21.8-cu. ft. refrigerator. 
,88 

R e g u la rly 699.95 

C om pletely frostless. 
6 . 6 7 - c u . f t . fr e e z e r . 
3rd door helps cut cold loss. S h e lv e s adjust. 
Seven-day meat keeper. 

CB, STEREO BUYS 

HARDWARE VALUES 

88 

88 

2.11 OFF! 15-DRW. PARTS CABINET 
See-thru plastic drawers. Reg. 6.99 ................ 

7.11 OFF! 7 Mi-IN. CIRCULAR SAW 
~ . 
Regularly 47.99, now o n ly ............... 
« J 4 
339.oo 1o-in. radial arm s a w .......................................... $259 

$55 OFF! TOOL CABINET/CHEST COMBO 
6-drw. tool chest, 3-drw. roller cabinet. 
Reg. 194.94 ................................................. .......... 
139 
88 

LAWN & GARDEN SHOP 

249 
88 

88 

$5o OFF! 5-H P 2-SPEED TILLER 
Power reverse. Regular 299.99 ........................ 

$2o OFF! 3'/,-H P ROTARY MOWER 
Briggs & Stratton engine. Reg. 119.99.................... 5/3/ 
169.99 3' 
HI* rear discharge m ow er...................... 149.88 
279.99 4-HP self-propelled mower ........................... 249.88 

$2o OFF! WEEDEATER 
E D G E R /TRIMMER 
4 am p motor. Regularly 89.95 ............................... 

$1o OFF! 12-IN. ELEC. CHAIN SAW 
Regularly 59.95, now only ................... ................ 

$15o OFF! 8-HP LAWN TRACTOR j C O Q 
36 inch cut. Regularly 849.95 ................ 
O I/* / 
1639.oo 16-hp tractor, ag tires 
.................. 
$1299 

$1oo OFF! 7-HP RIDING MOWER 
Electric start. Regular 599.95........................ 

SELECT GROUP ITALIAN POTTERY 
Save now. Wide assortm ent ........................... 

ALL ROSES IN STOCK REDUCED 
E ntire selection, n o w ......................................... 

SAVE 2.11 ON FAM ILY-SIZE BRAZIER 
Regularly 9.99, now o n ly .................................. 

6988 

4 9 8 8 

*499 

V l OFF 

V l OFF 

 y 8 8 

Save *1o 
23-CHANNEL 
CB RADIO 

C Q 
8 8 
*/% 7 No. 7oo 
REG. 69.95 
M ike included 

*5o off 
CONSOLE STEREO 
AM/FM RADIO 

I 9 
9 
“ 
2237 
REG. 249.95 with 8-track record. 

$9o OFF! ROYCE 6o1 CB RADIO p_ q 88 
No. 5o9. 23-channel. Was 169.95 ............................... # 3 / 
No. 5o5, Boyce 612 CH. Was 189.95 ........................... 89.88 
No. 774. 23-channel CB. Was 169.95 ......................... 99.88 

$2o OFF! ROYCE 648 CB RADIO 
No. 7o5. 4o-channel. Reg. 119.95....................... 
No. 7o6. 4o-channel CB, reg. 159.95................. 
No. 752. 4o-channel CB, reg. 139.95 ................. 

$6o OFF! A M /FM CONSOLE STEREO 
No. 2348-68. 8-track. Reg. 329.95 ...................... 
No. 2536. Console stereo, 4 ch., reg. 399.95 .... 
No. 2921. Dry sink console, reg. 319.95 .......... 

9988 
.. 129.88 
.. 119.88 
26988 
.. 299.88 
.. 269.88 

V ariable speed gourm et control. 

Save $16o 
Microwave oven with built-in browner. 
Cuts most cook tim es by 
75%. Holds a big turkey. 
Auto, defrost cycle. More. 

R e g u la rly 489.95 

RANGES & OVENS 

Save *13o 
WARDS MICRO- 
WAVE OVEN 
9 Q Q 8 8 
£ * 7 * 7 N o. 8186 
REG. 429.95 
W ith G ourm et control. 

‘5o off 
3o-IN. DELUXE 
GAS RANGE 
249“ 2316 
REG. 299.95 
C ontinuous clean oven. 

$8o OFF! 36-INCH GAS RANGE 
o . q 8 8 
No. 2667. G riddle-in the-middle. Reg. 429.95 ... «S 43/ 
No. 2346. 3o-in. gas range, reg. 399.95 ..................... 319,88 
No. 4316. 3o-in. elec. range, reg. 3o9.95 .................. 259.88 

$7o OFF! WARDS MICROWAVE OVEN 
o A ~ 88 
No. 8o27. W ith defrost. Reg. 319.95....................... Z 4 i / 
No. 8o37. Microwave. Reg. 359..'5 ............................. 289.88 

REFRIGERATOR BUYS 

TELEVISION BUYS 

*111 off 

19° DIAGONAL 
COLOR TV 

* 3 3 8 No. 12926 
REG. 449.95 
IOO'1 solid state. 

Save *3o 
16” DIAGONAL 
BLK./WHT. TV 
12982 H657 
REG. 159.95 
IOO', solid state. 

$1oo OFF! 19-IN. DIAG. COLOR TV 
Q . q 8 8 
No. 12937. Auto, color. Reg. 449.95 ....................... < $ 4 5 / 
No. 12977. 19” Diag, color 
TV,reg. 459.95 

379.88 
No. 12557. 15” Diag, color 
TV, reg. 389.95 

329.88 
No. 12337. 13" Diag, color 
TV, reg. 359.95 

299.88 
No. 17196. 19” Diag, color console, reg. 469.95 

$388 

$15 OFF! 12” DIAG. BLK./W HT. TV 
- „ 
88 
No. 11247. 1oo'r solid state. Reg. 124.95 ........... l U i 7 
No. 13137. 19” Diag. Blk./wht. TV, reg. 169.95 .... 139.88 

WASHERS & DRYERS 

Save *4o 

PLUS CAPACITY 
4-CYCLE WASHER 

* 2 2 9 No. 6o25 
REG. 269.95 
White. 4 only. 

*7o off 
18-LB. CAPACITY 
AUTO. WASHER 

9 * 7 o 8 8 
Ct I l r No. 6415 
REG. 34o.95 

8 -cycles. 2 -speeds. 

$5o OFF! 18-LB.AUTO. WASHER 
No. 6225-27. White. I only. Reg. 299.95 ......... 

$7o OFF! 2o-LB. AUTO. WASHER 
No. 6325. Regularly 359.95, n o w ........................ 
No. 6427. 2U-lb., 1 2 -cycle washer, reg. 389.95 

$3o OFF! 18-LB. ELECTRIC DRYER 
No. 7227. W hite. 4 only. Reg. 199.95 .......... 
No. 7325. 2 o -lb. elec. dryer, reg. 259.95 .......... 
No. 7427. 2 o -lb. elec. dryer, reg. 299.95 ......... 

‘249 
289“ 
319.88 
‘169 
219.88 
239.88 

*1oo off 
18-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
379“ .846 
REG. 479.95 
All frostless. 

Save *9o 
21.4-CUBIC FOOT 
REFRIGERATOR 
479“ 2.36 
REG. 569.95 
All frostless. 

$14o OFF! 2o.2-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2157. Side-by-side. Reg. 599.95 ................... 

$17o OFF! 21.8-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 
No. 2176. 3-door. Reg. 649.95 ................................ 

$3o OF ! 13-CUBIC FOOT FREEZER 
No. 4313. Upright. Reg. 249.95 ............................ 
No. 4935. 19-cu. ft. upright, reg. 399.95 ........... 
No. 4945. 21-cu. ft. upright, reg. 419.95........... 

SPECIAL BUY! 15-CU.FT. FREEZER 
No. 8525. Chest model. Now ................................ 
No. 8955. 23-cu. ft. chest, reg. 399.95 ................ 

459“ 
479“ 
*219 
329.88 
... 359.88 
‘219 
... 329.88 

AIR CONDITIONERS 

*5 
H o ld s y o u r se le c tio n u p to 
$2oo till M ay. $1o h o ld s over $2oo. 

No. 5o14. 5,ooo B T U model, reg 219.95............. 
No. 5o16. 6 ,o o o BTU model, reg. 239.95 ............. 
No. 5725. 5,8oo B T U model, reg. 229.95 ............. 

189.88 
199.88 
199.88 
No. 5212. 15,ooo BTU model, reg. 349.95 .............. 299.88 
No. 5653. 2o,ooo BTU model. reg. 429.95 ............. 369.88 

SEW MACHINES, VACS 

DISHWASHER BUYS 

SAVE $5o! BUILT-IN DISHWASHER 
No. 916. Regularly 249.95, now .............. 

$5o OFF! PORTABLE DISHWASHER 
No. 9*>6. 5-cycles. Regular 269.95 ......... 
199“ 
219“ 

$4o OFF! STRETCH-STITCH SEW MAC HINE 
No. 1267/1o8. Portable case. Reg. IOO oo ............. 

$3o OFF! STRETCH-STITCH SEW MAC HINE 
No. 1271/1o8. Portable case. Reg. 18o.oo ........... 

$15 OFF! UPRIGHT VACUUM CLEANER 
No, 88o. With attachm ents. Reg. 79.95 ............... 

119 s8 
14988 
6488 

Save *7o 
CONVERTIBLE 
SEW MACHINE 

9 9 Q 8 8 
No. 146o 
REG. $3oo 
Open urm model. 

*4o off 
STRETCH-STITCH 
SEW MACHINE 

Q Q 88 
J I J I No. 1261 1o8 
REG. $14o 
Buriable, wit Ii cast*. 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY WHEN YOU CAN ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARGE-ALL ACCOUNT? NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED 
Out to save? We make it easy. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 

 mmmmmm MONEY SAVING BARGAINS GALORE!! EVERY SATURDAY! 

 r‘ 
■' 
' 
- vv?-- • 
- ‘i?^ f^ - - , ■ ‘rr^mmtroom- 
MATTRESS & BOX SPRING 
«>. f i - . - f - '— 
■ 
Bedroom C e n te r’s 
J 
SUGG. RIT. a - nA v 
, 
Low Price 

/ 
K 
I N 
G 
$339.95 
I 
I 
2 2 
* . 
_ 
I f Q U E E N 
$29995 
I J 
S 
® v 
$ 
1 4 
5 
o o 
U t F U L L 
— 
5 
1 2 o 
\ \ I 
I - T a 
J 

 l l T W 
I N 

$339.95 

$299.95 

$179.9o 

$139.9o 
ENGLANDER 

 complete with 2 mattresses 

The BEDROOM CENTER also carries a wide variety of SOLID WOOD 
BUNK BEDS and BEDROOM SUITES. 
Comparison is Our Best Salesman 

FREE DELIVERY IN SAN ANTONIO 
THE BEDROOM CENTER 

H o u rs: M o o . T h ru F r id a y , I O a .m . to 8 p .m . 
I 55o Bandera 
S a t u r d a y 9 a . rn to 6 p .m . 
433-9o71 

C3U a»£T sale 
GRASS TURF Vt Price 
*5ii* eyes m 
Sq. Yd. 

* 1 3 ” 

HiLo SHAG 
ULTRA UNIQUE 
SHAG PLUSH 
The Ultimate in Luxury 

INSTALLED 
W ITH PA D 

RIG. 18.95 
INSTALLED 
Sq. Yd. 
Installed 

MEAN 
N 
GREEN 

NOW YOU CAN ENJOY A BEAUTIFUL AND HEALTHY 

GREEN LAWN WITHOUT WORK OR WORRY 

.. .FOR LESS THAN YOU CAN DO-IT-YOURSELF 

O UR LIQ U ID L A W N FERTILIZER will provide your lawn with all of the nutrients that it needs for a healthy green color and a d*ep, strong root system. 

OUR L IQ U ID L A W N FERTILIZER will be appled to your lawn by our professional turf specialists . . . at the right time 

 and in the right quantities. 

O U R L IQ U ID L A W N FERTILIZER costs os little as 
$19.5o for on average size lawn . . . your cost will be hosed on the size of your lawn. 
* 

TREES A N D SH RU BS FERTILIZED A N D ROOT FED 
Increase the beauty of your Lawn and the Value of your Home 
FREE ESTIMATES AVAILABLE N O W 
(NO OBLIGATION— 
N O 
C O N T R A C T REQUIRED) 
ACT NOW AND CALL TODAY 
497-3761 
(5% DISCOUNT WITH THIS ADVERTISEMENT) 

LftvnC arefylY afessiom ls 

 j. Awn* 

Ce*— I 

 rn I * 

WE CANT BE BEAT : 
DISCOUNT CARPET 
WAREHOUSE 
225-44o1 125 W. CEVALLOS 
Turn East from IH-SS on So. Lorodo Eit.^ 

“ BEDDIN G B O N A N Z A 
J J 

MATTRESS 
$ Y 
Q 
& BOXSPRING 
TWIN SIZE 

 r n * 

INNERSPRING 
NATTRESS 
$ 
-s& BOXSPRING 
^ 
Both PCS. 
FULL SIZE 
89 

FURNITURE DISCOUNT 
I 321. BANDERA RD. (GIBSON CENTER) 
H or™.r 434-4149 n . M S F 7 

TIGER PAW 

Radial 

Double Steel Glass construction. 
Whitewall. 
$3 8 
77 

BR78-13 W hitew all tubeless, plus $2.o6 F.E.T., and tire o ff you car. 

SI ZI paici 
M T 
I BR78 13 
$38.77 
<>2 o6 
DR78 14 
$44.77 
<2.38 
ER?8 14 
$45.77 
«>2 47 
FR78 14 
$47.77 
*.2 65 
GR78-14 
$5o.77 
*.2 85 
GR78-15 
$51.77 
*,2 9o 
HR78 15 
$53.77 j>3 11 
LR78 15 
$61.77 
I ,3.44 

W hitew all tubeless p rice s each, plus tire off your car 
WHEELER TIRE SERVICE 
8 2 4 - 4 5 1 7 
43o2 B R O A D W A Y AT HILDEBRAND 

LOOK WHAT YOU GET! 
AM -FM RECEIVER 
BSR TURNTABLE 
2 PIONEER SPEAKERS 

P I O N E E R 

1 9 5 
95 

APPLIANCE & TV W O RLD 
71 23 SAN PEDRO • 342-4566 • 342-1951 

!!! ATTENTION ARTIST !!! 
CRUMBACHER 
PRE-TESTED 

PAINTS 2o% OFF 
REG. $1.oo to $3.25 

• C R U M B A C H E R Q 
U A L I T Y * P R E F E R R E D B Y P R O S 

• O 
V E R S O C O L O R S 
N O LIMIT 
OFFER E X P IR E S A P R IL 9, 1977 

A M E R I C A N H A N D I C R A F T S C O M P A N Y * 

5162 BRO ADW AY 
A TANDCRAFTS COMPANY INC. 
______ 828-2177 

SET OF 2 
I KITCHEN 
CHAIRS 

1 2 88 

D O W N T O W N 
ONLY 

W E ST f/oA D 
DISCOUNT W AREH O U SE 
1 3 o 3 W . C O M M E R C E O N L Y 

H A N G IN G BASKETS! 

KALANCHOES 
W ERE $ 3 .9 5 
A N Y ONE IN 
OUR 
STOCK 
2o% 
OFF 

 f f L £ P u < y y L n 
6oo1 WEST AVE. 
*44-6555 

FOR IN F O R M A T IO N 

REGARDING ADVERTISING 

ON THIS PAGE 

CALL 2 2 5 -7 4 1 I 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

% 

Lawns Beauty 

N U R S E R Y 

8 6 5 o B an d o ra R oad 
When You Shop 
Lawns of Beauty Nursery 
For Shrubs, Trees & Grass 
YOU SAVE 

OPEN DAILY tt-7 P.M. 
H IT I IOMI 
PROD (KIS AVAUAIt 

 i— in. 
... 
681-211o 

FOR INFORMATION 

R E G A R D IN G A D V E R T IS IN G 

ON THIS PAGE 

CALL 2 2 5 - 7 4 1 I 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

COMPARE 
CLEGG BUDGET CENTER 

PRICES! 

REG. $164 
SPECIAL — 
SATURDAY O NLY 

$ i 5 1 oo 
3 o ”x 6 o " 
WE BUY USED OFFICE FURNITURE 
■ E m m n e w a u se d 
Is* IL KCr Cst 
OFFICE FURNITURE 
DIVISION MARSHALL CtfGG ASSOCIATfS 
5 75 4 M O BU D 681-o931 
OPEN SAT. 9 -2 
(LOOP 4 1o AT BANDERA RD.) budget center 

PRESEN T TH IS 
C O U P O N F 

BRING 
IT IN AN D 
SAVE! 
CEh^J v t R S g , c v O O K . 
\ 

' 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
\ 
— — 
Choose From 
\ 
— 
36” Fans to 52 
Fans; 
W— 
- m a n y d e c o r a t o r s t y l e s m a n y d e c o r a t o r s t y l e s 
APPLIANCE & TV W O RLD 
71 23 SAN PEDRO • 3 4 2 -4 5 6 6 • 342-1951 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday March I 9 I 9 7 7 
Page 
I -B 
M oldova met a far diilerenr destiny 
The city that spawned 
.A. 

History makes them twins. 
There are few c itie s w hose early d a y s are m ore clo sely entwined than these two. 
T he o ld e r is M on clo va — on the 
Monclova R iver in Coahuila, Mexico. 
The other is San Antonio — on the 
San Antonio River in Texas. U. S. A. 
For m any y ears they wore not in two stall's but in one — tile stat!' of Coa­ huila and Texas. 
Monclova was its capital, both when it was a province of Spain and a state in Mexico. 
But San Antonio cam e close to suc­ ceeding M onclova as the cap ital of 
Coahuila and Texas. 
Tried to move 

In a d ram atic m ove to forestall rival 
Saltillo, the state's governor, Augustin 
Viesca. in 1S35 gathered up the official documents in Monclova and headed for 
San Antonio. 
Ills intention w as to m ake San An­ tonio the s ta te 's capital He and his allies never got across the Rio G rande despite two attem pts. 
Bonnie and I spent last weekend in 
Monclova. 
Our mission w as to visit the places in 
Monclova tied with San Antonio's his­ tory. 
We could not have had a more able guide — herself an example of the ties 

F our days later he mow'd up the river and founded the Villa de B ejar — now 
San Antonio. 
History seem ed far away last F riday m orning when Patricia, Bonnie and I looked at that c o rn e r w h ere the Go­ v ern o r’s Palace stood. 
Now on that corner are the Panifi- c a d o ra P r i m a v e r a ( S p r in g tim e B a ­ kery), La Bartita Merceria (a notions s to re ), L icores N aeional (a m o d ern liquor store), a law yer’s office and the 
Carniceria La Central (butcher shop). 
Above the liquor store is a Cerveza 
C arta Blanca sign and a h ig h e r and larger Coca Cola billboard — “ refresea en g ran d e." 
F a rb e r we had seen a photograph of the last of the Governor s P alaces that had stood on the spot. We w ere s u r ­ prised that it had been torn down as recently as the 196os. 
Monclova. the site of A larcon's cap) tol when he w as g o v ern o r, and San 

For m a n y years M onclova arni San A ntonio were not in tw o states but in on e — the state o f Con• bailo a n d Texas 

 between the two cities She was pretty, young Sra. P atricia Alvarez de Valdez. 
Patricia is the daug hter of Patricia 
O'Connell, who lived several years in 
Monclova and now heads the interna­ tional division of the San Antonio Con­ vention and V isitors Bureau. 
Main plaza 

It was a high point of our trip when 
P a tric ia A lv are z de V aldez took us down to the im pressive main plaza of 
Monclova. 
On one c o r n e r of that plaza once 
Mood the Coahuila and Texas G over­ nor's Palace. 
M artin de A la rc o n , as g o v e rn o r. lived iii that p a la c e when he set out from Monclova to lead an expedition into Texas. 
On that expedition, on May I. 171k, 
Alarcon founded the Mission of San 
Antonio de V alero — now the Alamo 

Antonio, the town he founded, m et far different destinies. 
San Antonio surpassed its "tw in " in growth. 
But Monclova. on Mexico Highway 57 

 about 15o m iles south of Eagle Pass- 
P iedras N egras, has a m ajor role in 
Mexico's economy. 
It is the sit«' of Altos Homos — liter­ ally 
‘High O vens” but translates as 
"Blast F u rn ace s." 
Plant No. 2 of Altos H omos is now being built. When it is completed Altos 
Homos will be the largest steel mill from th*' Rio G rande to the southern tip of South A merica. 
Success story 
Altos H om os is an alm ost u n b e lie­ vable business success story. 
It was founded as a sm all steel mill as recently as 1941 
Its founder was 
Harold R. P a p e , who g r a d u a te d at 
Purdue University and then was with 
A rim o Steel before coming to Monclo­ va 
Pape died in 1975, A foundation he and M rs 
P a p e e s ta b lis h e d — and which Mrs, Pape is now adm inistering 
— is building a m ajo r m u seu m and library. 
Patricia took us by the m useum and library office where Rodolfo M artinez and Albert Chico Smith told us of som e of the p lans — and d re a m s — M rs 
Pape had for the m useum -library. It will be M o nelov a’s first m a jo r m u ­ seum. 
The m an who showed us the photo­ graph of the G overnor’s Palace — and a num ber of other pictures of historic 
Same ear, another nullo 

Here s an unusual tie between San Antonio and Monclova. 
When the Carmacks were in Monclova. Daniel Menchaca showed them photographs of earlier days. 

One was a snapshot of a mule pulling a small streetcar. 
Carmen Perry. San Antonio historian, rem em bers that mule-drawn streetcar well. 

"When I was a little girl in Monclova, my father had a plant making rubber Irom guayule." she says. "The streetcar ran out to his plant. 

"When San Antonio gave up tnule-drawn streetcars, this one wound up in Monclova. It had the San Antonio signs still on it." 

 im portance — was Daniel M enchaca 
He is recognized as M onclova’s No. I historian. 
Patricia had arran g ed for us to in­ terview Menchaca before we started our tour. We had a wonderful hour sit­ ting in the front room of his home just off a busy Monclova street as he told of the earliest history of Monclova and its ties with San Antonio. 
7 ‘foundings' 
H istorians generally credit Antonio de Balcarcel with founding Monclova in 1674 
"B ut there were seven ‘foundings’ of 
Monclova.” Menchaca aaid. "T he first goes back to 1577 and the nam e was 
Minas de la Trinidad. 
" E a rlie r it was th e capital of Coa­ huila but it becam e the capital of Coa­ huila and Texas w hen Alonso de Leon becam e governor in 1688." 
De Ia'on was one of the great early explorers of Texas — m aking five ex­ plorations. 
On a 1689 expedition, he crossed a stream he named Arroyo de Leon The 
Texas Handbook re p o rts it is believed to Im> tin' San Antonio River. 
"M any expeditions to Texas began in 
Monclova." M enchaca told us. "F ra y 
J u a n L a rio s , w ho wi t h B a lc a r c e l founded Monclova, m a d e an important early trip. 
Routes to S.A. 
"A few years later, m any of the fa m illes going to T e x a s c a m e from or passed through Monclova. There were two routes. 
"T he first crossed the Rio G rande at 
San Ju an B autista (now the town of 
G uerrero below P ie d ra s N egras). Tht other crossing was up river at El Paso de Aguilas (The P a ss of the Eagles) — hence Eagle Pass. 
"Of course, the m o st noted expedi­ tion was when Don M artin de Alarcon left th e G o v e rn o r's P a la c e h e re to found San Antonio.” 
Menchaca then showed some of his p ic tu r e s of h i s t o r i c M o n clo va places, including th e old G overnor s 
Palace. 
"O n e of the sad sto rie s is that of 
Juan V eram endi." he said 
Veramendi, a close friend of Stephen 
F. A ustin , was S an A n to n io ’s first mayor. His d aughter wed Jim Bowie. 
Veramendi was vice governor and then governor of C oahuila and T exas. He had a home in both Monclova and San 
Antonio. 
‘‘In 1833 and 1834 c h o le r a w as w id esp read ," M en ch a ca said 
"B oth 
San Antonio and Monclova were hard hit. 

This ancient church bell looks out on the historic main plaza of 
M onclova. O n the corner in the left background once stood the 

Governor's Palace. From that palace, Governor Martin de Alarcon 

 left to found San Antonio. 

“ M onelova’s population was 4,637. 
Of th e s e , 
571 d ie d in 
18 d a y s . 
V eramendi was one of them ." 
F ro m M e n c h a c a ’s hom e, P a tr ic ia took u s d o w n to w n to the h is to r i c church, the Parroquia. Jesus Abrego 
Riojas went with us as we climbed the narrow, winding stone stairway to the bell tower. Below us was the historic 

 plaza. 
We drove in front of the fine stone building that centuries ago was a ho­ spital and then a jail. Now it is an arm y post. 
"In 1811 more than 3oo of P adre Hi­ d a lg o ’s follow ers s e e k in g fre e d o m from Spain were jailed in it," Men- 
See MILLERS, Page BB 

/V A O fS fT G O M E R 
I 
D 
I W it M 
.Take your choice ... 23 or 4o channels 

Visit W ards for all your 
CB and accessory 
$2o-$8o off. 

R oyce" model 648 all- 
4o-channel CB radio. 

Gyro-lock oscillator system for on-channel accuracy. 
Squelch control, 
S-KF meter, 
PA-CB switch. 
Automatic noise limiter, 
P.A. and external speaker jack. With mike, mounting hardware. 
88 

Regularly 119.95 

Royce w m odel 6o1 
23-channel CB 
SA V E $3o 
DELUXE 4o-CHANNEL MOBILE CB 
Large S-KF meter, auto, noise limiter, squelch control, plug-in mike. 
129 
88 

REGULARLY 159.95 

Modular synthesizer has 4.o watts HF out­ put power, extra large 
S- H F meter. 
Push­ button CB-PA switch converts unit to 
4- watt public address system. 
79 
88 

Was 169.95 

Royce 6o1 

• Television Dept. 

TO ENJOY WHAT YOU NEED NOW— FOR YOURSELF. YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR. COM E APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT. 
I 
Value. It’s what we’re all about. 

•/W EI 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd. st Loop 41o 
O pen IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 

So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at W altem Road 
Open IO A.M until 9 P.M. daily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 

7569 H ighw ay 9o W est 
Open IO A M until 9 P M. daily 

RANDOLPH PLAZA 

9oo Psi Booker Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March 19 1977 
Mart slip slight Business and Finance 

 fM rsftoTO Tflt ft xrxr-ta a. 
Kl 'V a r IN D E X at index report 

N EW Y O R K (A P ) - 
The stock market, show­ ing little response to an expected jum p in the consumer price index, recorded a small decline for the second straight session Friday. 

The Dow Jones average of 3o industrial stocks slipped 3.82 to 961.o2, closing out the week with a net gain of 13.3o points. 

Losers held a 7-6 edge on gainers at the New 
York Stock Exchange. 
Big 
Board volume eased off to 19.84 million shares from 2o.7o million on Thursday. 
As the market opened 

 the government reported that tho consumer price index jumped I per cent last month—equal to a 12 per cent annual rate. 
It was the sharpest in­ crease registered by the measure of inflation trends in 2% years. 
Analysts noted pres­ sure on some glamor stocks, with some invest­ ing institutions evidently anxious to lighten their holdings in that de­ pressed sector of the market before making their first quarter reports. 
Standard & Poor’s in­ dex of 4oo industrials 

 dropped .29 to 113.37, and 
S& P’s 5oo-stock compo­ site index was down .22 at 
1o1.86. 
Glamor issues show ing losses at the 4 p.m. close of the N Y S E included 
Eastman Kodak, down 
2*4 at 7o%; Burroughs, off I at 68%; McDonald’s, down I Vs at 44%, and 
Walt Disney Productions, 
% lower at 38%. 
The N Y SE’s composite index gave up .o9 to 55.36. 
On the American Stock 
Exchange, the market value index fell .26 to 
112.46. The NAS DAQ composite index for the over-the-counter market closed at 96.44, up .o2. 

ALL PRICES 
On Logarithmic Scale 

-----1 .W ,u 
- 
% 
--- ? I 

A 
. n 1 ■ ' 
A 
' 
Art 
... 
__ — 
I— 
— 
K 
* 
\ ..K 
' 

V 
% 
■ f h 
- W i 
..... 
VV v V 

N Y S E IN D EX ^ 
- DAILY CL.OS! 
Sc*/1 OH I ti r 
............... 

. 
I . . . 
I L *. ii*-, if. 
, 
, 
* n 
............ rf L 
—-—SY*—n*t|, 
...“t 
■ ? 
? S “ 
* 
8k a 
(Ti V* 
“it 
'* v* C V 
-*v • 
** r* fW '-if— tit * ............ 
V f ~ tfr 
’• ‘ti* 
L: 
. 3 . 
_ . . 
... T --- 
' 
..•'J 
./,■ 
. .... « f . . 
* DOW JO N ES 
“ J 

------------INDUSTRIALS 
.................. nan v Mr hi Al I OH UU,HT 

. . . . . . 1---------------- - f - - ■ 
............. 
LATEST WEEK 
---- - 

M exicana gets new regional manager 

Express-News analysis 

ANALYSIS SY CHARLES E CARDEN 
M ONDAY 
- 
After opening on the familiar draggy note of the last several weeks, the mar­ ket staged a surprise late rally and the Dow 
Jones Industrial Average posted its best rise of the year. It gained 1o.64. The action centered on blue chips, with the Dow ris­ ing 1.12 per cent against a rise of o.69 for the 
N YSE Index of all com­ mon stocks. There was divergence even among the blue chips, with A l­ coa posting a new 1977 high and A T & T a new 
1977 low. No fundamental news sparked the rally; technicians said it was evidence that recent selling pressure had been satisfied and toe-testing on the upside was in order. 
TU ESD AY - The rally continued and this time was supported by im ­ proved volume. Trading at 23,94o.ooo shares was the highest in five weeks, and the D JIA , up 6.65, posted its highest close in seven weeks. The upside action broadened, with advancing issues running two to one over declines, and upside volume near­ ly three to one over de­ clining volume. 
W E D N ES D A Y - The bulls beat back profit taking that developed 

 naturally after the 17 point advance of the pre­ vious two days. The Dow held in a narrow range and closed up 2.99. It achieved its fifth conse­ cutive advance for the first time this year. 
American Can, one of the 
Dow components, posted a new 1977 high. 
THURSDAY - Bulls were cheered as the market was able to cut in half an early loss of more than 6 points in the D JIA. 
It closed off 3.16, its best reading of the day. The loss followed a rise of 25 points in five days. 

FR ID A Y 
— An early news item helped tilt the market to the downside. 
A Labor Department re­ port that the February consumer price index rose to a 12 per cent an­ nual rate (higher than had been expected) in­ fluenced the Dow Indus­ trials in posting a loss of 
3.82. Of the the 3o stocks making up the 
Dow average, seven ad­ vanced, 17 declined and six remained unchanged. 
Kodak suffered the worst loss, off 2%. 

S U M M A R Y 
- The market ran rampant on the first part of the week, but the rally wilted. Ne­ vertheless, the 
Dow 
Jones Industrial Average 

 posted its second weekly gain in three weeks. 

RA N G E — High was made on Wednesday at 
971.58. Low was made on 
Monday at 944.73. Close, 
Friday, 961.o2. Gain on the week, 13 3o. Volume, all shares traded on the 
N Y S E , 1o5.91 m illion shares. 

--- ---------- 
- — 

Regional operations of 
Mexicana 
Airlines are under new leadership. 
Jesse Castillo, a native 
San Antonian, has as­ sumed the post of re­ gional sales manager. He replaces Ignacio Cedil- los, who is retiring. 
The 48-year-old Castil­ lo, who began his career with Mexicana as a re­ servations agent, said he plans to strive for in­ creased tourist exchange between Mexico and the 
U.S. 

Pattern 

That was a pattern set by his predecessor. 
By pushing for an in­ creased tourist ex­ change. Castillo said he hopes to bring home a 
Mexicana Airlines sales trophy. 
The trophy, which is currently in Chicago, is for booking flights from 

Dtc7u * iu 11bT mAR ,1 

 the U.S. and Canada to 
Mexico. 
‘i'v e accomplished my 
Castillo, who has been g „ai which was to im- with Mexicana Airlines prove the relations since 1961, was district between Mexico and the sales manager before his promotion. 
Cedillos — his prede­ cessor — was the first regional sales manager. 
He served in San Antonio nine years. 
He is retiring after 4o vears with the company. 

1^ 
JESSE C A S T IL L O , left, a s s u m e s duties of retiring Ignacio Cedillos 

 but those ill feelings have been reduced. 

U.S.” Cedillos said. 
“ I am a Mexican na­ tional .. . and I thought it necessary that the two countries understand each other.” 
He explained Mexicans had ill feelings about 
Americans 35 years ago. 

“ But, there s still a lot of room for a greater ex­ change of people and I believe once the econo­ mic situation in Mexico stabilizes more Mexican tourists will be coming 
_ to San Antonio." 

Cedillos and his wife are retiring iii E l Paso. 
A nalysts ponder sugar futures 

W liulcsalc Meal 

F E D E R A L STATE 
M A R K ET n e w s s e r v i c e 

 w h o l e s a l e m e a t t r a d e 
Ties* than c a rlo t) W E E K E N D 
ING M ARCH I/ 
C O M PA R ED TO CAST W E E K 
Choice it e e r and heifer beef steady to SI higher Good steady 
Cow beet steady to St lower Bull 
*2 lower. Calf steady. Good and 
C hoice B e e t P r im a l* 
H ind 
Quarters weak to S3 lower 
Po rech arters steady to *? lower. 
Sauare cut chucks steady Arm chucks steady Rounds steady to 
J ? lo w e r. 
R ib s SI-4 lo w er. 
Trimmed loins *3 5 lower Bone less cow beet VO per cent lean weak to SI lower and bull beef VO per cent leon SI lower 
S T E E R ANO H E IF E R B E E F 
Choice. 4o(5/oo lbs , SAI Standard ond Good l l, ISO *oo lbs . SAO Al. 
COW B E E F : Breaking Utility. 
3-4. SS2. Boning Utility. 1-3, SSS. 
Conner ond Cutter. 1-2. SSA 
B U L L : Yield gi ode 1-2. Aoo lbs ond up. SAA. 4oO-Aoo lbs. SA I 
C A LF Good and Cholee 15o 3oo lbs . SA3 
B E E F P R IM A L S Yield 2 4 
H IN D Q U A R T E R S - U S IRO lbs 
Choice. */)-ZA Good. SAV /S. 
F O R E Q U A R T E R S — 12o IVO lbs : Good and Choice. SSO-St. 
SQ U A RE CUT CHUCK S — SO IO lbs Good ond Choice. SAO 
A R M C H U C K S - SO VO lbs 
Good ond Choice. S52 SA 
ROUND S — 5(385 lbs.: Choice, 
S/A-8o Good, */5 /8 
R IB S — 25 35 lb s.: C h o ice, 
*84 85. Good. SSO 85 
T R IM M E D LO IN S - 4o /o lbs 
Choice. SV3 Ids Good. S89 v/ 
B O N E L E S S C O W B E E F : VO Der ten! leon, S/8 
B O N E L E S S B U L L B E E F : VO per cent leon. SS* 

S.A. Feedlot 

F E D E R A L STATE 
M A R K ET N E W S S E R V IC E 

D IR E C T S A L E S FO R SO UTH 
A N D 
S O U T H E A S T 
T E X A S 
W E E K E N D IN G MARCH I/ 
C O N F IR M E D 
7.5oo, Trode in 
South and Southeast Texas slow, demand tatrlv good but sellers reluctant to toke present ottering prices in most instances Feedlot inquiry good lote with m olarity feedlots b e in g v e ry c u rre n t 
About 15o n«ad slaughter steers confirmed this week but no price com parison Sloughier heifers firm to 5o cents higher, instances 
SI higher 
A ll cattle ore F O B feedlot w ith 4 per cent pencil shrink ond far delivery within IO days 
S L A U G H T E R S T E E R S 
About three mostly Good 2 3 9/5 V5o lbs 
53/ 5o 
S L A U G H T E R H E IF E R S 
Load 
Good with 4o per cent Choice 7 3 
HOO lbs t i A 3o About 5oo heod 
Good with 2o JO per cent Choice 
A/3 825 lbs *35 5o JA Mostly Good 
I I 525 i n lbs 
534 SO to mostly 
IJS 

S E L L YOUR 

S P O R T S 

E Q U IP M E N T 

Buy yourself the sporting 

 equipment you've been 

 weening 
Y o u 'll find greet 

 buys in today t Went Ad*. 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

S.A. 
Livestock 

F E D E R A L STA TE m a r k e t n e w s s e r v i c e 

 c a t t l e 
A N D 
C A L V E S : 
Receipts this week estimated of 
4.1oo ond compares with 3,331 lost week and a ors kist year 
CO M PA R ED TO LAST W E E K 
The light supply of slau gh ter calves and y e a rlin g s w ere SO cents t i lower 
Sloughier cows weok to ti lower, decline mainly on Utility Slaughter bulls were 5o cents ti lower, but not fully tested otter Mondoy feeder steers ond. bulls uneven 4oo lbs and lighter t i 2 higher fu ll a d v a n c e on w eights u n der 3oo lbs. and heavier weights t i 2 lower, tole mostly t? lower Feeder heifers t2 lower on weights over JOO lbs ond neor steady on lighter weights atter losing the early week s od vonce Supply this week about 12 per cent slaughter cows ond 5 A per cent slaughter ca lve s ond yearlings. Balance largely Good ond Choice JOO 5oo IO feeder cat tie. with an increased showing both steer and heifer calves under 
3oo lbs from other recent weeks 
S L A U G H T E R C A L V E S AND 
H E A R liN G S 
Good ond Choice 
4 5o ASO lbs *33 5o 34 lote with some early week s soles t35 35 /5 
M o stly 
Good 
4oo ASO lbs t3o 25-33 5o. few e a rly tl3 Z5-34 5o Stand ard ond low 
Good 
5oo /SO ip yearlings 
S28 25 32 25 
SLAUG H TE R COWS Utility 2 3 
*26 2V 25, few high d re ssin g 
*7V SO 2V /5 e a r ly 
C u lle r 
124 SO 71 SO. high d ressin g on 
Monday *28 7 5 TV 25 Conner ond low Cutter 42o 25 25 25 with some rn weakened condition down to 
SIA 
S L A U G H T E R B U L L S 
Yield grade 12 I .OOO I.Aoo lbs 431 IS 25. 
| individual 1,15o lbs *38 5o on j Monday and some indicating a low boning percentage 835 1,2oo lbs 4/8 /5 32 24. 
F E E D E R 
S T E E R S 
AN D 
B U L L S 
C h o ice 2oo 3oo lbs 
*43.5o-4/ 5o e a rly 
3oo 4oo lbs. 
*42 5o 45. few 446 4A /S 4oo 55o lbs 44o 5o 43 SO. few 444 44 5o ond some fleshy 55o ASO lbs 43A 38 SO 
Good ond C h o ice 3oo 5oo lbs 
*38.25-42 25, some eoriy week s sales up to *43 SO 5oo /oo lbs. 
*35 1% 38 IS, with couple tots thin 
M I Y A '6* U i 43 so Mostly Good 
IOO JOO lbs *34.25 3V 25, 3oo 4oo lbs *35 SO 38 SO, some thin kinds early *38 /5 4^ 75 4oo Aoo lbs 
*J5 38. few *38 2 5 38 5o and 6oo /SO lbs *33 SO JA Standard and low 
Good *3o 25 35 25 
F E E D E R H E I F E R S 
Choice 
75o 3oo lbs e a r ly *3 3 7 5 3 4 , 
3oo 4oo lbs *32 25 33 IS late some eo rty w eeks so le s *34 34 25 
4oo 6oo lbs. 432 25 33 5o. few 
433 /5 34 Good and Choice 3oo 5/5 
1o5 411 25 33 25, few 433 SO 34 cor iv Mostly Good 2oo 3oo lbs 
I 43o 32 5o 3oo 5/5 lbs 42V IS 32 /S, 
( 

 w ith soles e a r ly in the week 
*33 13 25 Good and Choice 3oo 45o lbs suitable tor rep lace m e n t 
I *32 35, few *34 25 JA Few Good and Choice 3oo 4 5o lbs suitable 
I tor re p la c e m e n t *32 35, few 
*34 24 JA fe w Good and Choice tow ond colt pairs *261 2*1 per 
I pan 
H O G S 
R e c e ip ts this week 
MOO, kut week SIV and last year 

COMPARfcD TO LAST W E E K 
Burrows ond gilts 25 cents tower and sows steady but not tested atter Monday 
B A R R O W S A N D G IL T S 
U S 
W 2oo 23o lbs 
*3 /3 / 25 l l 
2oo 24o lbs *36 5o J/ 2 1 IVO 24o 
IPS IJA JA 5o 
SO W S 
U S 
I J JOO 4oo lbs 
*31 33 4oo AUO lbs *3o 11 

MERCHANDISE 
MART 

Call 
225-1666 

Sugar futures looked steady this week in de­ fiance of developments which have at best left the market with many uncertainties to ponder upon. 
The May contract pen­ etrated substantial resis­ tance around the 9.15 per pound level on the charts although this feat was not accomplished without some muscle flexing. 
It is well known news by now the U.S. Food and 
Drug 
Adm inistration plans to take saccharin off the market and has furthermore projected this could take place as early as mid-summer although the unexpected­ ly m assive public opposition to such a ban could set tho FD A ’s ti­ metable back. 

Impact 

What is less well known at this time is — with some degree of ex­ actness — what impact a 

 saccharin ban will have on sugar prices both in the domestic and in the world market, and what possibility there is in­ dustry and consumer groups opposing the ban might mobilize quickly and effectively enough to override the F D A ’s at­ tempted ban on the only artificia l sweetner a l­ lowed on the U.S. m ar­ ket. 

While pound per pound replacement of saccharin with sugar, assuming a 
3oo times sugar sweet­ ness equivalency, would require about 8oo,ooo tonnes of sugar per year in addition to an esti­ mated annual usage of 
9.8 million tonnes, it is expec ted only a portion of that amount will actually be replaced with sugar. 
Dieters and diabetics will obviously not readily return to sugar once sac­ charin is taken off the market. 

COMMODITY 
REPORT furnished bv (herald S. 
Cohn, \ ice president, safes division. San An­ tonio office, Bache liai­ se* Stuart Inc. 

It is estimated about 56 

 per cent of the artificial sweetener market would be replaced by sugar. 
This would come out to about 4o6.ooo tonnes ad­ ditional sugar use per year in the U.S. 
The 
International 
Trade Commission, how­ ever. belittled the poten­ tial of sugar to replace saccharin when it decid­ ed last week that since a ban on saccharin would amount to an additional need for sugar of only about 125,ooo tonnes in 
1977, that a 4.275 million tonne quota on foreign imports into the U.S. this 

 year would he adequate. 
That means an already over-supplied world market will have less ac­ cess to its outlets in the 
U.S. than orig inally thought. 
Futures have been left to ponder whether or not the potentially bullish ban on saccharin will ac­ tually take place, whether it will mean that much to U.S. suear con­ sumption and whether a possibly too-low foreign import quota, in the event of a ban on sac­ charin, might be expand­ ed on later review. 

Read Ann Landers 

On Life 

 and Love 

 in the San Antonio Express 

L 
1 4 o 6 *2 1 1 S t o c k s 

OIC 

\ h u t S i t 
Life 

I lie 
( lafeteriuf 

I >.ll.I [HHH!............ 

Foreht O i l ............ 
Irokl Bank (a>rp. . 
Gulf E n e r g y ......... 
Mere of Tx Comm 
Mere of Tx Pfd . . . 
< Bunnia Brew 
N BL of Tex.......... 

I t t t S V F H k. LAS I 

Hid 
\* k 
Hid 
\* k 

3% 
‘I I 
P/» 
3% 
■I i 
P/a 
(I I 
IK1 „• 
Pl' 
.i i 
IK ' i PCt 
22' • 
2 Ii 
23% 21% 
PC i 
2o'it 
18% 
Pi 
2o% 
22% 
2o' a •>•»! , 

11% 
12% ll 
2(»'i 
27' I 
2(fH 27'h 
Mi' t (.7% 
M>% <»7% 

 lilt1 1 
HK1 .• lib' .* 3 K' I 
Iii 
IIC 
13% 
13 8 
22' J 
23'» 
2 3 
21 

NKI 
( halide* 

 lip 1 I 

 lip lip 11 dll I 1 

•Iii 1 J 
(111 1 H up % 

IV IF X 
P K K * IO ! 
W H K 
Conroy. I ne.......................... 
I 1 i 
Fox-Stanlev P h o t o .............. H11 
How ell C o r p 
................... 
I(»! 2 
LQ Motor Inn-.................. ‘P t 

M SL 
Cli ii reb V C h ic k .................. Iii ’ h 
Harte H an k:*..................... 27% 
IV»oro Pet....................... 
11% 

M I T I *1 Kl M i s 

I S A A Cap G ro w th ......... 7.62 
I S A A In co m e................ 
11.75 

I lilte d S e r v ic e * ........................ I J K ) clAiwrMS midday 

LAM 
W I L K 
V : 
7 k 
IO 'h 
IO 

I ii 8 
2K' j 

I I tit 

7.7o 
11 .TK 

I.6 H 

 lip Hi lip 'I 

Net 
(Dump? 

 up 1 I 
(Iii 
(In 11 up VS 

 up up 
(In 

 up .OK up .OII lip .OK 

C lA tilH IP P H U A Y 
Marketplace 

Lone star Livestock 

Commission Co. 
Special Consignment 

Thurs Mar. 24. ll a rn. 
86 • Keg. bim illenial 
(own. 33 - 2 yr old % 
Sim m r ntals, calving 

 from Brahman Bull. 3 * h Maine Anjou. 2 yr olds, bred to Brahman 
Bull. 4 - % Him mentals, 2 yrs old bred to Brahman 
Bull. 39 • % Slmmental 
Cows, 3 to I yr olds bred lo Brahm an Bulls and some to full blood bim- mental Bulls. 
Complete Dispersal, Joe 
Taylor blminental. For fu rth er Info. Contact: 
Frank lleltey or Buddy 
(.roll 623 5266 

GNC TRUCKS 

I Wheel D riie. bbort k long Wheel Base Van* duras It Suburbans. 

TINDALL It SON 

Pontiac, CMC 

 c A T T L 
ACJC TH 
• titaxlit, • 1«mnb4MV » 
# t FVwImIok 

UNION 
STOCK YAK1JS 

T. C. Morrow Ranch 

3rd Annual Spring Sale 

All One Brand 

USO Head 

Sat. Mar. 26lh 1977 

I P M at Cotulla {dies­ tock Market. Cotulla, Tx. 
Lunch at 11:36 a.i i i . at the 
Auction. 
766 F-l Tiger Stripe. 166 
F-l Braford Heifers. 29o 
Crossbred Prs. 3 to 4 yr olds. IOO • Crossbred 
Springers, 3 to 4 yr olds. 
3o * Crossbred Prs, 2 yr elds. IOU • Crossbred 
Springers, 2 yr olds. 25 
White Brahman Prs. 2 to 
4 yr olds. 25 - White 
Brahman Springers. 2 to 
4 yr olds. 25 • Ned Brah­ man Prs, 2 to 3 yr olds. 75 
Red Brahman Springers. 
18 mos Ie 3 yrs old 
12 

Keg. 
Red 
Brahm an 

Bulls, 4 yr olds. IO - Keg, 
White Brahman Bulls, 2 to 4 yr olds. 
For Into Contort: Gene 
W hitaker, 356 Houston 
Natural 
G it 
Bldg , 
Houston, 
Tx. 
77662, 

713 658 8562 

VLAIAC ( oil'd 11 

All Types el Steel Hldgs 
UMM I 

 hqMEC 

HOMECRAFT CORPORATION 

Has been acquired by 
I usHome I 

Listed on the New York Stock Exchange 

U.S. HOME CORPORATION 

The nation’s largest home builder 

Homecraft now conducts its business as 

U.S. HOME CORPORATION 

With the following residential developments in San Antonio 

Creenridge North 
Meadow Oaks 
Meadow Oaks Patio Homes 

Oak Creek 
Twin Creek 
Woodstone 

Northdale 
Northcliffe Country Club Estates, 
Northdale East 

S - n J ^ n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y M a r c h 
1 9 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
3 B 

C o m p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 

I 
V e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s 

E x c l u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

A — B — C 

C k A(U n fa n,,',A ?slu'f-,T r'’d nq *° r ,hP WrP*' 
New VOrfc 
Ytrorfy 
H igh 
Low 
So lot 
N o t 

285 
175 
2o7 
773 
26 
BIS 
78 

' l \ l »Cw l 1 rt 
' 8n 8 
386 
^ " A j ln d 
7 
51 a 

 n \" 
' 7i 
1o ,77’ to. 
* d *L«Cp 
1 
6 ,7 3 8 t i l 
’ 37 ” 
3’ 8 
17U ASAL Id 
RO 
958 
9 * A T O ln r to 
6 6o8 
42 k A b b tL a b 
I u 13o9 
9 , Ac. rn oCI v SO 22 
61 

 lls ” 
o4 
5 , 38 
H H A dm E » 
I ISO 
> 131 
4 
Adm M M 
o5< 
R 
SB 
IO’ < A ddrssq loo 19 
612 
29'4 A otn aL * I 2o 
8 2786 
44'4 A e tn a L f pf 2 
9 
'O' ? A g u irre qw 
IS '* A hm ans 
4o 
6 
1 77 
3 
63 
194 
TSU A ir P ro d 
?ob 14 1968 
12 •* A -rho F rf 
« 12 
424 
» '4 A lrc o l l s 
7 ll? 
J6 
I 2o « 
287 
I i i i 
| J6 
? d S * S 
' 78 
8 
S8 ll? ? 
P a m p pf l l 
^3o 
'OS 
93 
A la r p f9 44 
; IOO 
W k A la P pf 8. 28 
/SO 
I , 
81c 
7 
241 
17’ j A lb a n y ln 
72 
6 
58 

 i i i m E T !oC 
36 16 
67i 
19*■« A lb e rtv i 
8o 
9 
37o 
H S A k a n A lii 
8o 24 7729 
8 * A lcoS fd 
96 
6 
392 
18*4 A le on Lb 
3? IS 
6 '4 A le x d rs 
36i' 
6 l l ’ n AMeciCp 
9oc 
7 
TI1» A llq L u d I 28 
8 
79’ J A liq u id p l 3 
Tok A IIq P a, 
I Ag g 
13’ x A lle n G rp 
TO 
7 
» U A lld C b 
I 8o IO 1344 
12’ i A llrlM n t 
6.1 
8 
19 
IO’ . A lld P rn d 
6o 21 
54 l l 
A lld S tr 
I 
6x4o9 
S3’ / A lld S k pf 
4 
/3o 
TU A lld S o p 
85 
73' : A llis C b a l 
VO 
6 3143 
8 ’ 4 A lk ’ A ul 
6o 
9 
HO 
15 
A lp h P rt 
77 
4 
124 
5o’ 
A k o a 
I 4o 14 3o44 
32’ * A m i Sag 
3 
7 
SI 
16‘ I A m a * 
I 75 
12 1623 
HS 
A m a x pf s 25 
3 
48’ i A m a * pf 
3 
447 
21'v A M B AC 
I 
9 
526 
17' 
Am e rr e 
I TO 
6*116 
33 ’ 4 A m rc pf? M 
6 
3o 
AHess 
6o 
8 7o86 
66' 
A Hos pf 3 SO 
111 
18' f) A A ir F lit 
56 IO 
45o 
IO 
A m A ir 
5 173o 
IO’ 1 Am co rd 
AO 
8 
396 
13’ n A m B au e r 
I 
5 
143 
43 
A B rn ds 7 92 IO 
57o 
24 > 4 A B rn d pf I TTI 
31 
37 
A Bde st 
I 
IO 2183 
IO' J A m B ld M 
SO 
7 
53 
38'4 Am Can 
2 4o 
8 1171 
22’ . ACan pf I 75 
38 
2 '* A C e n fry 
167 
16' 
A m C red 81e 
5 
148 
26 '4 A C yan 
I 5o IO 1S29 
9 U A m D is l 
12 
46 
25' h A D is !Tel 
84 12 
273 
7' h 
A D u a lV I 
29 
13 ‘ 4 A D u! p l 
84a 
39 
23' H A E lP w 
7 o6 
9 3598 
17'* A E a m ily 
4o 
7 
3o7 
J'n 
A m FnS yS 
9 
45 
W J A m F in S y pf 
7 152o 
23’ . AG I Bd I 7«e 
165 
17' 1 A G enC v I 32 
IOO 
IS H A G e n ln s 
68 
6 
667 
25 bs A G n In pf I 8o 
1286 
18'4 A G n In pf 9o 
16 
17 
Am H o lst 
I 
6 1137 
7 7 k A m H o m I IO 18 41o3 
12?' 
A H om epf 2 
I 
*o 
16 198o 
2o 
8 155 

1 ’ n 
23’ . 
IS H 
SO'. 
7 3k 
1o’ . 
49' * 
13'4 
3 '; 
13'. 
5 
14'o 
3 5 '. 
SI 
14', 
18 
JU 
SS’ , 
15' ? 
12 'n 
19' « 
16’ n 

9 3 ', 
71' , 
2o'* 
8’ a 
73’ 4 
77'* 
27'a 
73'b 
8’ * 
14 
2 5 k 
13 
27'* 
14’ . 
47'* 
14 ■* 
17' , 
*6 U 
SA 
}' f 
79’ I 

W U 
36'. 
5 9'. 
141 
59 
75’ * 
2o' , 
17’ , 
36’ . 
8 o '. 
71' , 
U U 
13' a 
15 
IS a 
76 
47"* l l ’* 
IO '. 
74 
7’ . 
I.” * 
29’ , 
13'. 
77’ s 
8 
14’ 4 
25*4 
IS' 4 
3 '. l l ’ . 

V ' 
I V , 
Kl 
2? '. 
7?’ » 
32'a 
HO 

 l l . 
KIU l ’» 
16 
M U 
15' j 
3 o '. 
84 I. 
IO 
JI 4 

SO’ s r . 

14 ’ a 
19'a 
17 
» 4 
16'M 
1o' a 
78' , 
VT . 
9 ’ * 
7 '* 
J A '. 
8 '* 
57’ h 
8 * 
1o*4 
76 
7’ , 
8 
8 'n 
7 1 * 
3 7 '* 

97 ” 
83' . 

7 lf* 
S'., 
3’ 7 
7o 
118 
I? 
33’ 4 
3’ . 
6. 
12k 
IO '. 
SA 
77’ . 
53 

25 ’ 4 A rn Hosp 
4’ 
A m In vs* 
IO’ * A M .d K l 
74 
9 5.48 
8 
A M e d cp 
IO 
5 953 
I 
A rn M o t i-s 
A 1793 
4o 
A N a if 
7 
61 
8 1516 
9 ' 
A > i'S i« l 
4(1 13 354 
A 5li,p 
IO- 
8*768 
A m b ind I SO 
7 
’,79 
A Sid p l 175 
173 
A m b le r ,1 
JO 16 7o74 
Am S irs I 9o 
5 113 
A TT 
4 2o IO 8316 
AT T p l 
A TT pl 
3 64 
AT T p l 
3 74 l l ' * A W a lW k 
7ft 
18 
A Wa! p l I 13 
13* 
16 l l ' 
77 
14 
I i ' 
24’ 
K l’ 

A W ,,! p ll 25 
I 

764 
53o 
ISI 
A 
75 n m 
’ 4o 
7 
54 
141 
279 
426 
13o 

8 

I t ’ * 
73 
17 1 a l l * 
IS '. 
I' n 
74'a 
R? 
58’ . 
197 
57' , 
7?' , 
7 4 '. 
JO 

A rrie ro ii 
A m e sD 
18r 
A m p le . 
I 4o l l 
A m id e 
I 
o 
A M IC 
oR« 
6 
„ 
A M P ine 
18 19 119o 
A m pco 
AO 
9 
76 
7 '* A m p exC p 
12 1199 
I' 
A m re p C p 
199 
7 7 '. A m sl,«- 
I IS 
6 
8 
A m sf p f 
68 
44 
A m ste d 
2 
8 
6 k A m le i 
16 
9 
26' , Ane ,H I 5o 
7 
72’ . And Cl av 
I 
9 
A’ J A n g e lic a 
24 
9 
6 ’ .- A n ,a fe r 
2o 
7 
7 '* A nsulC o 
53t 
16’ j A pache 
7o 
3 2 '. Ape OO,I 
1 
I s* ApecnCp 
89 1 J A p P w p f8 I? s r I Ap P a pf / 4o 
IO' a A p ld D iq 
23 ' Aph) D ig p f I 
7 k A p p l M u 
IO l l 
A rra ta N 
AO 
I 
16 
A renO an 
2o 
3 ’ r 
A rr f ir t n t 
8 
7 k A rls fa r 
A r./P S v I 48 
7 
A r, P pl 
IO 7o 
A rk Best 
>21) 
A 
Ar k l Os I 8o 
9 
A rtel) P ly 
A rm a d a 
5 
A rm e o 
I 8o 
7 
29' a A rm pl 2 IO 
SI' ! A rm r p l4 75 
2 2 A r m IC k 
I 12 
SO 
A rm C p l 3 75 
21 
A rm R u 
I 
I 
17' 4 A ro C orp 
1b 
8 
16' / A rv in 
64 
5 
28' 
A r v in In p!7 
IAU A sarco 
8o 
37’’ , Asb I O il 
I 9o 
... 
78' a A s d D rG I 5o l l 
178 
13 
A lb io n , 
8o 
6 
724 
2 
A tic o M tq 
AO 
2 1 k A H C *E l I 67 
8 
728 
RI 
A flC t PIS 8/ 
I 
5?’ » A tip ., h 
I 6o l l 4537 
A ll Rr p l 
3 

114 
IO' 
TH’ 
V 
4* 
28 

716 
7 
773 
93 
738 
1o9 
315 
141 
145 
246 
I 
697 
788 
/167o 
/IOO 
IO 1o49 
383 
36 
67 
8 11o5 
7o4 
91 
651 
/TSO 116 

34'* 
32' z 
34U F 
2 
4*. 
4’ * 
AH 
22k 
K U 
2o U — 
I U 
U ' 7 
U H 
U ' * 4 
1* 
44k 
43 
43H 4 
U 
22 U 
TOU 
22 
- 
IOU 
9U 
IO U 4 
'« 
45 U 
43' J 
45 
. u 
17 
IIH 
I P . 4 
' * 
J 
TU 
3 
17 U 
12 
17k 4 
FU 
4 
4' a 
17' 
I l k 
17 
4 
* 7 
SI u 
3o' * 
31 
. 
'-* 
■IAU 
45' .- 
46 
4 
* 7 
U U 
13' / 
U H ­ 
'* 
18 
V U 
U H 4 
'* 
3 k 
3 
3 H ‘ 
'* 
31k 
79' 7 
3 1'* . 
I ’ , 
15'* 
U H 
U U . 
’ * 
31 
79U 
JO’ 7 4 
W' / 
ITH 
18 
15U 
W U 
H U 
115U I U '. 
115 
- 
I k 
1o3 • 1o3 
1o3 
91’ / 
91 
91’ / . 
I 
17'* 
17 
1 7 k — 
'* ie 
V k 
17*. 
BU 
AH 
7 
- 
72 
TOH 
21U • 
*8 
V U 
TAH 
27*.. 4 
** 
T IU 
TO'* 
2o H - 
** 
2o** 
W 
7o 
4 
A k 
6 H 
6' / — 
*» 
13k 
12 k 
13**4 
'* 
25U 
24 H 
24'a 4 
1 7 
43 
42’ / 
43 
4 
71 'o 
TO’ * 
21 
- 
* . 
I l k 
13'* 
U ' r— k 
46 
44'* 
■15*4 * 
H 
U k 
13' / 
13’ . » 
IOU 
1ok 
IO’ / - 
4 
43*. 
41 
43 U 4 
V ! 
SA 
55 
56 
. 
V 7 
3 
IU 
3 
- 
' B 
79k ll'* 
29 
. 
I ' > 
VU 
9 
9-H . 
17' * 
16 a 
V U • 
I U 
59k 
57k 
58’ ., . 
)4 
35 k iv 7 
34' /— 
I * . 
51' J n u 
5 o '* . 
7H 
I V . 
116 
W U 4 
53' / 
5 lk 
5 3 k . 
I U 
TSU 
24k 
25’ * 4 
I U 
19 
V U 
W * - 
* 4 
35 k 
35 k 
35*. - 
* / 
37'a 
31' o 
31*. . u 
72k 
TO l l 
4 
I* / 
21k 
2o’ * 
71U 4 
* / 
IP * 
IO' / 
IOU 
12k 
H H l l U - u 
U U 
U H 
13U ♦ 
’ » 
45’ * 
ASH 
45' 4 
' / 
TAU 
24k 
24' / - 
47'* 
ACU 
41 u 4 
I U l l 
IOU 
1oU - 
' . 
4ok 
39k 
39 U 4 
* 7 
23 U 
23 
23' a 
2 '. 
2’ * 
2 U 4 
1 4 
IT 
IAH 
16 U - 
' . 
28 
26 k 
27 
- 
I l k 
1o*4 
IO U - 
1 7 
V U l f 7 
77U . 
I 
TU 
7 k 
7*4 
14 nu 
14 
74 
73’ / 
23 H 
13*4 
U H 
13**4 
I 4 
3’ 7 
J U 
3’ / 
I l k 
IO '* 
I o U - 
'A 
24 U 
24U 
24’ * - 
>4 
17U 
17*4 
17’ * . 
1 * 
2o 
W k 
W U 4 
U 
V U 
26'» 
7 7 k . 
' * 
TO 
W k 
2o 
4 k 
72 
7o' / 
? 1H 4 
* . 
I l k 
3o k 
31 
4 
* . 
139 
139 
139 
- 
78 
76' a 
2 7*. 4 
'* 
JU 
4 k 
4’ *— 
' * 
U U 
17k 
13 
4 
' / 
9U 
S'-* 
9 
4 
* . 
AU 
4 
4' * F 
* * nu 
4o'* 
AO*. - 
I? u l l 
12**4 
V * 
15k 
13*4 
1 5 k ♦ p . 
27’ « 
U U n u 4 
I j 
76 
74 4 
75’ / 4 
I 4 
IO 
9 U 
9 ’ / - 
' a 
3-lk 
3 1 k 
3? 
- 
7 
A lk 
62 n u 4 
’ 7 
6 7k 
AAU 
67’ * 4 
SOU 
49’ n 
SO 
SI 
5o k 
51 
4 
' * 
13 
17-k 
U U 
W U 
18 
W k 4 
U 
14 
U 
14 
4 
18' / 
18 
1 8 k 4 
* 7 m u l l k 
17 
4 
' a 
3o*. 
78 k 
3o 
4 
I U 
16’ * 
IAH 
16’ z 4 
IS’ . 
IJ H 
14' / 4 
U 
77 k 
26' / 
26' / — 
* i 
I l k 
IOU l l 
- 
8 k a 
8 * . 4 
H 
7U 
7 
? k 4 
' 4 
TSH 
74** 
24' j~ 
I 
8 k 
8U 
8 *. 
49 k 
46 
49 
4 
3 
TU 
6 k 
6 U 
JO 
7 9k 
79 U — 
' . 
76 
25 k 
26 
. 
I 
I 
6' / 
A H . 
' , 
I 
6’ ? 
7 
4 
U 
8 k 
IU 
I U 4 
' • 
2o 
W a 
IA' , 4 
37' J 
34 k 
3 7 '* . 
? ’ * 
I' a 
I k 
I * . - 
' . 
91' 7 
9o 
A1’ / 4 
I ' . 
81' 
17 '* 
TR'4 
3 '. 
15'. 

IR 
955 
389 
49 
946 
47 
/ITO 
747 
/17o 
I 
14o 
o 
91 
5 
243 
83 
1414746 
989 

IP * 
32'a 
3 
S'* 
791 , 

49 ** A IIR r p l 3 75 
66 
A IIR r pf2 RO 
19 * A I la s C p 
17 
71’ ■ A u lt,O la 
74 I 

SS1, 
T I'* 
53 
?6 ' a 
2o 
17». 
79'* 
23 
34'* 
33 
14'* 
7 '* 
TTH s r , 
54’. 
8 183 
/91o 
57' 
158 
68 
711 
71' a 

81 l l ' , 
26' I 
3 
14'* 
18'* 
4 '. 
7’ * 
18'n 
115 l l 
31' , 
7 '. 
SU 
7 8 * 
79’ * 
5 4 ', 
73’ * 
52 , 
25‘4 
19'* 
17 
78 
18'* 
33 >4 
J I'* 
13'* 
7’ » 
71'** 
81’ , 
53 
18o 
SI 
66' , 
I9 ’ » 
25 

 a r 
I P a - 
27 
3 
- 
IS 
- l l ' 
4 '4 t 
3 
* 
18’ * * 
1 1 5 ', ♦ l l ' . - 
31 '4 - 
3 
* 
S '* 
2 8 U - 
29 >4 4 
55’ c - 
24' a - 
53 
F 
26 
I9 '» * 
1 7'* * 
28'a 
27 
* 
34' , ♦ 
3 1 * * - 
34’ , 4 
2 ' * - 
7 1 '» ~ 
81 , ~ 
53' v — 
IM 
- 
51 
- 
67'4 
19’ a - 
2 5 '* 
8 k 
TH 
A ld m in d 
24 
6 
TRA 
8 k 
TU 
I ' a F 
U 
16 a 
13 'a A vcoC p 
3 
653 
IAN 
34' / 
U H 
1 k 13 16 A v c o C p vt 1 
2o115 IA U 16 
U 
- l 16 
19 
J IH 
AvcoC.p pf 
1o8 
ISH 
48U 
W H . 
U 
23' a 
W U 
A v e ry Int 
JA 17 
ITA 
73 a 
22'* 
23 
F k 
IS* a 
17U A v is Int 
4o 
6 1436 
14' 1 
IJ H 
1 3 k — 
U 
W U 
16 
A v n e 'in c ta' 
6 
STS 
I t ' , 
IA U 
1 7*4 . k 
49' j 
43’ / A von Pd 
I l l 
14o6 
IS r 
46U 
18 a . 
I * . 
7*. 
I U 
B I M ig 
71 
I ' a 
2 
7 k 
36' a 
78' 4 B.»t)t F A I 2o 
8 WAI 
35 
31 
IA -,-. Ju 
9 a 
I 
B e l,, ic 
5 
JHA 
7 '. 
TH 
TU • k l l 
•O' / 
Be lie r Ie ta 
9 
FTI 
M U l l ' / 
1 2 U . 
' / 
IT H 
I?1 . 
B .ikr In ll 
IT 
• 3 
116 n u 
46 
17 
. 
'a 
I IU 
I] 
B i W DH 
6M 
6 
38 
U U 
U H 
U ' a 
71 a 
•6’ 
B.tHCp 
HO 
6 
7o4 
V 7 
V U 
V U . 
79 a 
21' 4 B , ll y M t 
19 19S1 
19 'a 
26 
TOH . 
J U ll' t 
2 5 '. 
B o ilG f 
I OR 
8 IOTA 
1SU 
2 5 k 
? 5 U * 
'a 
A1 
53 'a 
Bb ll p l BA 5o 
/HUO 
SS' 
54 
55 
TA 
•SU 
BrniC") 
AO l l 
JIO 
/OU 
7o 
2o’ , 
>4 
W k 
•SU 
B.m drtq 
3o 
IO 
‘-49 
16 
35’ / 
1 5 k . k 
Im a 
H H 
B e n g PW 
5 
314 
17k 
IS « 
V 
. 
V a 
IT / 
IS 
B .m P p*1 TS 
9 
72 ll' 7 
72 
. 
H 
7 9k 
71’ / 
B d n p p l 
7 
34 
I I lk l l u 
T O U . 
IU 
38 
34 
BFO tNV 7 17 
I 
IJJ 
16 . 
35’ , 
J A * .. 
IU 
IS' / 
I l k 
B ko lV .) 
SR t 
129 
15 
U U 
U U 
JOU 
2S'x 
Brink A m 
8o ll 
3147 
V U 
26' 4 
2 6 '. - 
'« 
17 
36 a 8,m k Tr 
J 
8 
137 
39 
3 7 k 
JR' . 4 
I 
29 U 
S N 
Fink I pf 2 SO 
ITS 
19'. 
19 , 
2 9 '. 4 
>• 
J7 k 
33 . 
B orhO ,' I 6o 
IS 
7o9 i f . 
SS 
3 6**4 
IU 
U U 
I7U b o rd C R 
Ti l l 
1o89 
U U 
13'# 
IA H * 
U 
19 k 
16 4 B ortryG p 
8o 
I 
53 
19 >4 
18 a 
W U . 
I 
W k 
IA U 
Bo s k Inc 
I 
6 
ITO 
WU 
IS1 / 
W H ! J 
41’ 
M U 
Bosic p l 2 SO fj.p i-.M I 
RO 
/•94o 
41 / 
16 a 
A l k . J k 
34' / 
T6k 
34.129 
IT 
<o*. 
J I 1 * - k 
39* / 
2Rk 
B dovrP L 
I 
•o 1787 
SIU 
35 'a 
J J U - k 
IOU 
7 3 '. 
31H 
B o n lfr v 
24 ie 
MRO 
35k 
JJU 
2 1 k 
M U * 
21 
B ovStG I Aa 
1 
4o ll 7 
7 2 '/ . 
’ a 
V . 
4 *. 
Bo VKC Kl 
24 
19 
IS 
5 k 
5 
5 
17 l l 
B«-or,nq 
SO 
IO 
63 
27' a 
V 
27' 4 — 
‘ a 
TRU 
73 H B eat Ads 
9t 
12 1966 
TSU 
U U 
25'a t 
*4 
7 /U 
IS 
Ber km n 
J? • 5 
268 
IS 
I V , 
2 4 *4 . 
IU 
J IH l f 7 B e 1 DK K (ft ii 
1to9 
SIU 
SOU 
31*44 
>4 
2l U ll % B e r ii A 
I 
I t v 
V t 
2 V a 
U U - 
9 k 
I U 
B- Ktrt 
28 
111 
9 
8 k 
• ’ ?— 
U 
TAU 
25 
B i-Im p 
I 
6« JVA l l ' . 
26' / 
76 . 
7 6 k 
It* a Bt-I th-n 
I 37 
I 
It 
23k n u 
H U - - 
' . 
8' / 
TU 
Bel de H 
JAI, 
I 
93 
7' 7 
7 k 
TU 
71 
IT *. 
Bel I HOW 
HF 19 
IFS 
IOU 
W U 
2o k . k 
W 
45k 
Bel IC do I OK 
I 
AU? 
16' 
45 J 
46 k ‘ k 
27’ a 
TOU B erm s 
1 JO 
/ 
28 
21’ > 
21 
71*44 
*4 
IT 
4?’ / 
B ra id,* 
2 
9 
125 
IJ H 
42' / 
43' , 4 
H 
VS 
RA k 
B e n d ,, p l 
1 
I 
HS k 
M U 
23’ . 
88 U - 5 k 
27 
T IU 
B e ,HCp I 6o s 1o71 
74‘ 4 
74'4 f u 
AO j 
SIU 
Bim*-* Pf I IO 
55 
54 
53 
54 
. k 
IV 
•CU k 
Birne* p ts SO 
/ITO 
1o9 
1o8k 
1 o 8 k . J '. 
TA’ . 
TB' 
Benet pf I SO 
/TRO 
79’ 1 
29 
29' 
4 k 
?U 
I U 
W ilS IV 
84 
I* 7 
1 *8 l k - 
* a 
3 
I' / 
Beng • B 
o/c l l 
USI 
IU 
I U 
I U 
6' 4 
I ' < Ber key P 
ISI 
AU 
AU 
4 * 4 - k 
24 
•V 
Be l P l 
8 u s 
23 
J IH 
2 7 k . 
I 
4o a u h 
Beth SP 
I 
IO 7VS8 
39 U 
3 7 k 
37*. . u l l ' a 
TA 
B g fn ri-c 
4o 
17»565 
3 1'. 
29 U l l * * . 
IU 
TOH 
16' . 
Bloc fc Dr 
AR 16 1561 
V U 
IA U 
IA U 
I A-a i l k 
B lo ir Jr> 
Al 
/ 
33? 
W k 
IS H 
16**4 
H 
TOU 
V 
Bt (SSL SU • OR I 
6o 
W l l ' / i i ' . 4 
*» 
23 U 
•A k 
Hid, k H » 
I 266 A ll 
19*4 
I I H 
W k - 
I * . 
JI U 
V 
R U Bell 
I 
6 
67o 
LIO'. 
2 9 k 
TOU 
AU 
Blooped 
OSe 
.15 
5 k 
S U 
SU 4 k 
JU 
J * 
Bobbie Br 
163 
I U 
J U 
J k - 
* . 
FAH l f ' i 
Boeing 
I 4o 
B o e -C ', 
• >o 
9 7991 
IAH 
4JU 
4 4 k 4 
H 
U k l f / 
1o.26o7 33’ . 
31 >. 
H 
4 
|> , 
V U 
•A'S 
Bk M o th I TO •o ll 
TSU 
2JU 
2 3 k 
7 k 
IS / 
J IH 
B ord*,, 
’ AO 
9 HTS 
3J’ a 
3 3 k 
I l k 4 
1« 
JJU 
TAU 
B o r-Nor 
I 6o a 
761 
J IH 
JO 
31*4 4 
IU 
5 
) '. 
B or m o n y 
5 
US 
4 
J U 
J U 
V ' , 
25** 
B okFd 
2 44 
•o 
ITT 
TSH 
26 U 
26*4 4 
U l f 7 
92 
Fkc.F p i RRR 
/ m o 
VA 
91 os 
- 
>/ 
IS 
IT * 
BocF pf I 1/ 
134 i l k 
IV * 
• I U - u 
It 
IS 
•*D ,1 p c t 46 
B 'o n itf ll 
RT 
IS' ? 
IS H 
• 5 **4 
U 
U U 
I U 
1 UTI 
9-4 
9 * . 
9' / 
>« 
Al >. 
M 'a 
Br .nine f 
» 
1 
1/4 
W k 
37' / 
3 7 k 
', 
J I' 4 
JAH 
B n q Sir 
91 14 
543 
T9 
TAU 
19 
4 JU 
AR . 
6o a Bi M M V I TO •a 
666 t i 
65' , 
AAU 4 
>/ 
44 
IA H 
B r,,IM pl 
I ll 
13*4 
42 k 
4 jU 4 
>4 
16 . n u 
Br, I Pet 
Me w 
SRo9 
IS '. 
144 a 
U U u 
34 
TA 
B rk w G i 
I IO 
7 
ISI 
14 
3 2 '. 
M U 4 
IU 
IV 1 
W J B k ,/UG • ll 
Bk UG p l / 47 
« 
1o9 
JO*# 
W k 
IO U - k 
? /' , 
26 
FU 
7 7 '. 
TAH 
M U 4 
>, 
A k 
C a 
B w nS hrp 
2o 71 
43 
9' 4 
I U 
* 
. 
1 * 
IO / 
A 
B ro w n f f i t ii ll 
9 k 
O U - u 
23 t 
TI a Bm ,Go 
• AO 
I 
IST 
22 k 
2 1 k 
77U . 
I 
AU 
U t 
Br A n Per 
4o 
1? 3o54 
9U 
9' « 
9 ‘ / 
V k 
IS 
8 ru n k *» 
4o 
1 
IS SV 
I . a 
IS H 
• A u . 
) 
J8U 
TAU B - i c j A 
1 
1 
HO 
77 u 
TAH 
V 
V U 
I I H 
Bor r f ' 
44 is 
WW ll 
24 
U / . J U 
WU 
■uBdCO 1 IO 
S 
332 iv 1» l f , 
IO t'% 
B M C -. Pl 6o 
I 
A' / 
AH f r ~ 
' . 
IOU 
O’* B--oqp>d 
Wr 
But*FO I 4oo 
I 
54 
9 * . 
» 
o 
I 
IM 
32 k n u 
JI * 4 4 JU 
I U 
I * 
B s,O va 
91 
IU 
1 
I u , k l l / 
H U tt M-drCp 8o t 
116 
M U i i 
U . 4 
>. 
I I H 
I I H 
Bim k H it I 86 
& 
72 U 
2»*« n u - u 
12'* 
I 
B um. K o 
U 
JW l l * . 
I l k i l k 
TO'. 
W U 
(J.,k U Pf I 5o 
B or ll,h i I AC l l 
W U 
WH 
W k 
IU 
1o‘ a 
24*. 
I 
1629 
25U 
•24k 
M U - 
U 
A lk 
Al ■*. Ber 1 No 
I 6o 
I M S 
W k 
44’ . f i t 
J *. 
I ' . 
I U 
Bu* Wk' I'* 55 
IJ 
TU 
I U 
3*4 
IO’ / 
W k 
B u rn d , 
66 ll 
11 
W H w 
W F. 
U 
A IU 
65 a B u rr aha 
IO 
B un**, GO 
15 1*11 
IO 
67' / 
M U . 
I 
I f . 
W k 
I 
291 
/O U 
» 9 k 
»ok 
H 

Y eorty 
N ig h 
Law 

S T R I C T L Y 
B U S I N E S S 
M c F o j i t e r s 
_ _ _ 
, 

59' . 
4o'» 
5 '4 
1 ’ 4 
5’ * 
IOU 
15 16 
7 '* 
5' , 
19 ’ - 
9U 
16 
13' 4 
18' , 
7o'* 
3’ . 
49 ’ - 
IU 
5 * 
8 ’ * 
2oU 
18 
2 
3o'* 
3 9 * 
34'* 
17 
9 '* 
57 
73 
I ’ ? 
16'* 
J U le u 
’O’ 
A’ * 
73 '4 
IOU 
39' * 
7oU 
37 
15 
27 
38 
8 
IO '. 
16' , 
SH 
17'* 
S IU 
S3'4 
IT '. 
17U 
71 
19 a 
SA 
IT ’. 
29 ’ 4 
16' a 
79’ * 
16 * 
ISH 
TSH 
77’ * 
26 
3o' * 
27'.. 
'CAU 
77’ , 
1 4k 
5 
IOU 
9 
3 3 * 
3U 
7' 4 
3.1 
IS’ * l l ' * 
76’ „ 
41’ , 
SU 
IS * 
K IS 
4 '* 
7>* 
17 
IR U 
17’ , 
74 
77 
IS H 
26 
73' i 
51 
59 a 
91 U 
1o7 no 
IR’ * 
34 
A1'* 
P * 

U U 
9oU 
97 
179 
13 
17' 4 
IO a 
13'4 
IS 
26 a i t 1 
9 ’ a 
ROU 
16' i 
I2U 
8 
77 * 
SO' j 
IJ 
9 * 
791* 
24' I 
S IU 
TSU 
75 
31 
64 
A? 
I P . 
?/>. us 
28'a 
7 3 * 
S3’ , 
IS 
78 
JI 
IO1- 
T IU 
73’ , 
74*. 
78 
33U 
IO? 
8 u 
19 U 
I5U 
17 * 
SU 
U U 
75 k 
17'. 
TO'* 
26' 1 
I V 4 
74 >4 
52’ / 
SAU 
It t v 7 
76' , 
19 a 
ITI 
73' i it 
ST 
82 
84' 4 
RAU 
84 , 
76’ . 

IO 2971 
I 

AU 
U U 
SAU 
59' 
69' . 
17 
AO'* 
17'. 
? u 
18 
IOC , 
17'a 
TAU 
S?'4 
39 
4 a 
47'* 
12' v 
IR 1 a 
18 4 
7o 'a 
74 
SI , 
3 '. 
71' , 
7 l l * 
13'a 
IS 'a 
33' 4 
6' 4 

I?’ 
IR 

SU 
RU 
9U n u 
IS' I 
39 
IAU 
19'a 
75 
18 'a 
TOH 
RA I rn 
IS 
IT V . l l u 
79 * n u 
19 

S' 4 
76u 
74'. 
3o u 
U U 
U U 
68 

59’ 
4o 
546 
544) 
173 
I 
139 
SU 
8 
773 
37 ’ n 

TOI 
712 
644 
173 
5o 
7o5 
282 
17o 
313 
24o 
619 
79o 
TI 
523 
5o 
189 
566 
IO? 
1146 
4* 
45? 

/IO 
19 
415 
65 
754 
4? 
413 

55 
CBS 
7 
37’ 4 CBT, pl 
I 
3 U CCI 
Corp 
H C IM tq Gp 
4 U C IR I1 Inv 
KSU C ITE in 
2 4o 
'» CLASSI 
AU CLAS pl 12k 
4 '* CLC Am 
24 
5 
16 
C M IIn v 
A 
A’ - CNA 
Fin' l l 
13', CNA pf A l IO 
I? 
C N AI 
1 o8a 
4 4', CPC Int 2 5o 
9 
18' 4 CTSCp 
6o 
7 
7’ , CabCa b t 
4?' i Ca bote 
I Kl 
8 
3 ’ a Cadent r 
4 
4 
C aesars 
8 
Cal Fin! 
8 
1oU C alP U f 
164 
8 
17U Call abn 
3Sb 23 
IU C am em B r 
73 
Cm pR I 
6oa JO 
36’ , Cam Sd P ie I? 
IO'* CampT 
I 3? IO 
IS 
Cd” Par 
R6r 
6 
R 
C anale 
Al ll 
47>. C a p o n s 
2o l l 
__ 
TOU Cap Hold 
AO l l 1928 
I' a C apilM tq 
85 
32 
Carbor 
I 12 
8 
821 
?•* C a rlin o O 
IS 
155 
15’ * C a rlisle 
88 
7 
24 
65 
CaroCO 
5 
/B9o 
A 
C a roF rg 
TO 12 
38 
71' 
C aroPw I 77 
8 
868 
79' * C arP pl 7 67 ar 
34 
CarTer 
2 
7 
J I / 
15'a C arr Cp 
61 IO 2o5o 
79 
Carr p l ? 25 
13 
C arrG n 
Bet­ is 
C art Haw 
9o 
9 
34' , Car*Hw pl? 
I 
CardWall 
4o l l 
8' , CascNG 5or IO 
15 
CastlCk 
8ob 
8 
. . . 
18 k C a lrp T r I 5o I? 5398 
15’ ’ CncoCp 
I 15 13 
41 
IS # Cel rinse 7 8o l l 
819 
SI 
Cnlan pf4 SO 
9 
C ente, 
I? 
IO 17o5 
CenSoW I 26 
9 288o 
CenHud I 7? 
7 
5J 
C e n lllL I I AO IO 
148 
C n lL I pl ! SO 
/13o 
Cn I Lf pl? 87 
184 
C n lL t PITA? 
/USO 
Cen 11 PS I 28 IO 
461 
CenLaE I 4o 
9 
CeM Pw I 4o 
9 
Cen Soya 
7o 
7 
Cen To! 
I 5o 
IO 
C entrD al 
I 11 
Ort teed 
7o IO 1165 
CevsA.r I TO 
7 
999 
Ch amp In 
1 
Chm I pl 5 SO 
.. . Chm I pf I TO 
*7 3 
I? * ChamSp 
AB IO 7985 
3 '. C h a n c o 
o8 7* 178o 
76 
C h rtN Y 2 1? 
A 
TTO 
8U ChasFd 
AOe 
3o' 4 ChaseM ? TO 
8 
TU Ch ase T 
S '. Chelsea 
IO 
79’ a Chemtn I SO IO e n C bm N Y 2 88 
7 
28 
CbesVa I 36 
7 
7? 
CbesePn 
84 14 
IS 
Chessie 2 32 
8 16J2 
6’ a Cb,MIW 
I?’ , Cb,MIW pl 
TA'. CbiPneT 
7 
3’ * C h k F u ll 
4'a C brisC ll 
IO 
ChrCtt p l I 
13' , C hrC lf pl 
U ’ I Cb rom al 
84 
68 
Chrom a pl 5 
19 n C hrysler lie 
JO'. CburCh 
6ob 
23' . Clo Bel! 
I 6o 
71 ’n CmnGF. I 64 
18’ , CinG pl 
4 
57' . CtnG pl ! 75 
88 
CihG p l/ 44 
1o4' 1 CinG pl9 78 
1o5U CinG pf9 5? 

S ole* 
N et 
(h d * I H ig h Low to s t C h g 
— 
5,, 
4o 
S’ 

Yeorly 

► 3 16 

7 
SU 
I / 1. 
7U u n 
12' , 
18' , 
19’ . 
3U 
49U 
4 U 
5’ a 
8 ’ * 
19’ * 
17'* 
I 
28 
38 
34 
17 
8 ' , 
5o' , 
2 1 '* in 
35 
2 ’ * i e * 
69 
6 ' « 
22’ , 
79 >4 
39’ * 
17’ . 
31' , 
13U 
7 o'* 
36' , 
7>. 

58 
4o 
5’ * 
15 16 
5’ , 
5'-* ♦ 
»• 
36’ * 
37 
- 
’ , 
- l l 16 
I 16 
A’ s 
6 ’ * 
5 
I6' » - 
’ * 
7 ’* — n u 
* 
* * l?;’*U 
’ a 
■48', f 
’ » 
19'* 4 
'n 
] ' , t 
48' , f 
4’ * » 
4 '* f 
8 ’ . 
18’ * 
17'* * 
I 1* — 
78’ * * 
36 , - 
33 U 
IAU * 
8' ,♦ 
49' 4 - 
71 >tr- 
1’ i - 
34' a - 

17 >4 * 
69 
* 
A 
- 
22'e 
29’ * - 
38’ » • 
17’ * f 
31’ , 
13’ 4 - 

■IU 
IA U 
7 '* 
13*. 
12’ 4 
47'* ta n 
?>. 
46 G 
4S, 

18'* 
IA U 
I '* 
26’ * 
36' J 
53 'n 
16' 4 

N igh 
13 U 
14’ * 
54 
1?U 
79U 
33U 
47'* 
7 
IU 
U U 
52’ * 
4' , 
24 U 
18's 
I? U 
41' , 
I 43' 

IO . 
15' . 
19' -i 
17 , 
52 
3o' . 
TSU 
U 
TSH 
IS' 
13' . 
23', 
23U 
19 ■ 
76- 
72'- 
9o' 
77' 

8 '. 
IS H 
5 5 '* 
15’ * 
5o 
5 V * 
I? ' , 
1 6'* 
19'* 
18' , 
SA 
32 
79' 4 
15'* 
26’« 
IA U 
13’ * 
TSU 
24 H 
26 
274. 
8*3182 24' 

613 
235 
389 
82o 
768 

48U 
2 1 '. 
I ’ a 
34' * 
? U 
U '* 
AA' , 
6 l l ' 4 
79' * 
38U 
16' , 
31’ , 
13’ * 
19' , 
35’ . 
7’ * 
8' , 
15’ * 
53’ . 
15' 7 
4 7'* 
51 l l ’ * 
16’ e 
19’ 4 
18 
S5U 
3 1 ', 
78’ , 
14' . 
2 5 '* 
IS '* 
13' , 
2 4'* 
23'* 
?4 u 
27 
23 

19’ 
35' 4 - I 
7’ , k 
8'* 
I5 '» f 
54 U t 
I 
15 U * 
49'* * I 
51 
12U ♦ 
IAU - 
19’-a * 
IB' * 
56 
» 
I 
3? 
» 
TSH 4 
1 4 '* - 
2 5 '*-- I 
16 
4 
13 U - 
2 4 '* ■ 
23’ * - 
75U 4 I 
27' , » 
7 3 '* y4oQ 1o4'* 1o4'* 1o4'* 

166 
16o? 
168 
3o 
418 
677 
64 
SSO 

417 
79 
17 
193 
STO 
6 
SAS 

24' 
12*4 
5 
3o 
BU 
31 ’ n 
2 ’ * 
A’ * 
34 
42’ « 
3o 
2 3 '* 
4o' , 

13 

15’ * l l ' 7 
4'»sn 
IO ', 
14 <4 
17’ , 
74 
TOU 
32’ * 
25’ * 
2 3 '* 
5o’ , se 
88 
/27o 1oA 
/175o 1o9 
38 
SOU 
A l’-* 

I 
I? 
A4? 
3 
3737 
159 
Al 
9A8 
/JOO 
/ 3Ao 
/IOO 

M U C inM ila I IO 14 
151 
77U C iticorp LOA 
9 3831 
57 
C'tfesSv a 
8 7o1o 
IU Cit/SR 
7o8 
I?' 
C ityln vst 
AA 
8 131o 
1 C 'ly ln v w l 
36 
74 n C ily ln pl 
2 
796 l l ’ a City!, pf I IO 
771 
16' 1 C la rk s I 4oa 
8 
943 
14 
C larkO il 
SO 14 
66o 
6?'» C lvC lif I 8oa l l 
115 
3?' , ClovEI 
7 64 
9 583 
RA 
C lv t l pf 7 4o /ASAO 
87 
ClvFI pl7 SA 
114 
175U C lvE I pl 7 
/ 28o 128 
1o U Clevepk 
AO 
6 
146 
IOU Cl O ro, 
52 IO 1o55 
8 ’ a CluelPea 
5o 
5 
JAI l l ' * C luettP p ll 
42 
13’ a C slS tG s 
A 1A99 
23 
Cst SO pl I 83 
SA 
17 * Cst SO p fl 19 
IA 
7 U Coca Btl 
4fJa IS 5o27 
73 
Cot aC OI 3 o8 16 2154 
U U ColdwBk 
SO 
7 
79 
11 
ColeNaf 
AO 
A 
1o4 
SU Colpeo 
IO 
341 
ZI 
ColqPal 
88 
13 2158 lh a ColoP pf3 5o 
, 4o n u C o llio A ik 64 
A 777 
7'a CollinF 
2o 
A 166 
TA 
Col Penn 
TO 9,479 
'H' a ColonlSf I 45 
7 
72 
SOU ColtInd 
7 SO 
A H IO 
7 6k Coft pf I AO 
34 to 
Colt pf 4 25 
48 
58 
ColG as 2 24 
8 
711 
59’ , ColGs pf5 67 
593 
58 
ColGs p ts 48 
4 
7 '* COluPiC* 
4 2598 
25U Colson 
2 2o 
7 
621 
11o 
CoSO pl IO 57 
/TOO 114 
Co SO p l 2 47 
1 o 1 
I t u 
19 
Combe 
OSe 
9 
ISO 73'a 
15 a Comb En q 
? II 1584 
5 3 ', 
13 
Cm E P II 7o 
5 45 
27 U CmbE q lOr 
14 
873 28 
79'., Com WE 
7 4o 
9 , 714 7 3o’ , 
9 u Com EdA w l 
I 
IO 
TOU ComF P II I? 
,7 6 
71 
77u ComE p ll 9o 
, 36 
??’ » 
73' , C o m r pl 
2 
, 77 
24U 
It 
ComE pl? 37 
,294 2 7 ', 
311 ,- ComE pf? 87 a691 3? ,. 
9 8 ', ComE p ts 4o 
,55 o IOO 
I '* ComwO 
574 
5’ , 
I? 
ComO pf I t i 
W a Comsat 
I 
Compo, 
TO 

23 
I2 H 
4 '. 
79’ . s n 
3 o'* 
? '* 
S’ * 
J7U 
IOU 
2 8 '* 
22'e 
38 ’* 
SU 
U U 
TAU 
3’ , 
4’e 
IO’ , 
U U 
16’ , 
73 
19H 
3 He 
25'4 
22'e 
48' r 
18 
57'4 
58 
88 
88 
1 o4 ', 1o6 
1o8 
1o8 
38’ a l l 
29 
AO1 , 
IU 
13' , 

23'e 
12' , 
4 U 
IO 
* 
8' . 
3o'e 
TU 
A'e t 
33’ * - 
47H * 
79’ * . 
22’ * 
4 o ', d 
8' , t 
U U * 
2A’ e - 
3’ * t 
5 
- 
IO’ , f 
U H . 
17’ * » 
74 
4 
19»e 4 
31’* 4 
25’ * 4 
73 
4 

74 u l r * 
16’ , 
17’ , 
AA 
32** 
86’ , 

31 
Compar 
7 
CombScl l l U Coo Aq, 
75 
72' 4 ConeMI I TO 
13U Conqolm 
4c 
IAH ConnM 
I AO 
23 U Conrar 
8ob 
2o U ConEd 
2 
7?U C o nt p l 
6 
49 
ConE p l 4 65 
5 3'. C o nf p l 
5 
22U Conf dr. I IO 
64 
Coni pl 4 5o l l 
C onF rgl 
8o 
34 « ConNGs I 5o 
117’ 
CnG pl IO 96 
2o'-, CortsPw 
2 
13 .■ CnPw pl4 16 
IS 
77’ 
TV 
RO' 
8o 
75 
67' 
RI 
A 

I 
6 

4/8 
1/1o 
719 
564 
123 
148 
314 
973 
99 
1449 
IO 
/48o 
38 
569 
17 
185 
H S I 

13’-* 
35’* 
35 
8 ’ » 
13’ * 
74 U 
17’ a 
18'. 
TSU 
I T 7 t v . 
52 
54'« 
25 
67 U 
73' 4 
39’ a 
/ to m n 
1739 
71'1 

25 ’ n l l ’ , 
38’ a 
19’ * 
67’ , 
34’ e 
88' 1 
9o 
127'4 128 
H U 
H U 
H U 
IOU 
9U 
12U 
IS H 
23H 
1 9 ', 
SU 
7AU 
15 
U H 
AH 
2 4'* 
5o 
I I H 
TH 
TA 
72' a 
SO'. 
16U 
7 1 ', 
2« 
5 9 ', 
59' , 
9 ’ a 
25 U 
113', 
27H 
22' , 
49 
45 
26'* 
29'a 
IO 
TOH 
22'* 
2 3 ', 
77U 
3 1 ', 
9 8 ', 
5' a 
17 
34' , 
33'» 

I? >4 
IA U 
24 
19H 
9 H 
78 H 
IS H 
1 7 ', 
7'a 
2 5 '* 
5o' , 
17' a 
I 
TAU 
77’ a 
52 
2 7 '. 
72*. 
2 8 k 
6o‘ a 
59’ s 
II 
26 H 

7*. 
13 H 
2 3 '. 
IA U 
17 
24 
22 
73 
5 1 ', 
S3'* 
2 3 '. 
AS' J 
22’ . 
37 

. . . .. ,142o 
45 , 
CnPw pf4 5o 
,91o 5oU 
CnPw p f/ 45 / 4o 7o 
79’* 
CnPw pl7 l l /J I6 o 
$3 
CnPw p l 7 76 
/VTO 84 U 
CnPw pl 7 AH ,776o 
8 2 ', 
CnPw pl? 13 
98 ?S k 
CnPw p ts SO 
26 7o 
CnPw p l a 
I BA' , 
Cor,' Air 
IO 421 
AH 
SU Cont tu p 
SO 
IJT 
SH 
IT 1 C'Cop pU 25 
/ IOO 
13 ># 
IR 
. (O i’ IICp 7 RO 
13 
745 5o a 
53 
C K PIA? SO 
I 54 
5! 
CIIC plB ? SO 
9 5 4 ', 
3.1 
CoHGfp 
7 
9 ISI? J/ 
54 
- Con ll Ct) I IO 
R 1266 SA 
15 
Conli IP I 28 
8 
299 IA H 
I 1 1 C o n lllR l 
SIA 2 *. 
33 
. Cont O il 1 2o 
R 6872 IA U 
9o 
, Co nio n pf 
I 
I 9 *U 
15 
4 ContTel 
I OR 
IO IJ41 IAU 
T IU ConlDta lit 
8*11o8 23H 
16 
- CnDi p l4 5o 
,6oo 52 
35 'a Conwd 
I TO 
8 
26 
3 b, Cook Un 
JOI 
7 122 
IJ H CooprIn I o8 l l 167 
IO 
CoopLab 2o 
9 2 78 
15 U Coop TR 
7o 
3 
A1 
IAU Copt p l I 25 
5 
17 
Copei od ar 
8 /go 
19' 4 Cop,ORq 
189 
45 
Coppw 2 4ob 

1I9H 119' 4 i 
21'» 
I V * 

V* 
, 
. 
A 
Cordura 
I Or- IS 
873 
Corno I 52a 13 U1A 
IU Cousins 
17 
Cowles 
64 
78 
Co, Bde’ 
SS 
11’-a Cram 
JO 
TAU Crane 
I 2ob 
Sn C re d itf 
24b 
25 U Cro< RN 
I AA 
43 
CrockN p l 3 
IJ 
C rom p k 
9o 
I 
TRU CrouHi 
I l l 
77 
CroH p i 3 35 

J IH 
4 
4 7 ', 
1 7 '. 
17’ a 
18 u n 
I I H 
4 9 '* 
JU 
A2>, 
He 
IJ H 
7 9 '* 
IIH 
3 3n 

 r n 
16 5547 
9 
174 
3 
TAR 
7 
5*1 
7 
Ai 
7,1617 77 
*25 i t 
IU 
251 
4o 
C r A 
Ck 
’ 
|I4 
19 . C rw /e t 
1 ») IO 
R79 
AO'. C rn / pl4 2o 
, 29o 
2A‘ 4 Crum Po I 56 
9 
AIS 
21 
Cutbro 
I 32 
7 
39 
9-s Culliqan 
44 IO 
SIS 
IS'4 C u m f rig I 4o A 18o4 
124 U CumE p l / 5o 
8 
Curm Drg 
25 
IT 
C urt Inc LOB 
15'4 C urfisW r 
AO 
75 u ( i,M W A 
2 
37‘ a C u lle rH 1 8o 
9 678 
21 
Cyclop I 2oa 
5 »S7 
23 a Cyprus I 4o 
59 
199 

I ) — L — f 

1 5 '. 
Jin 
82' 4 
T in 
41 
AO’ 4 
Mn 
21 u 
IT' / 
. . . 
52 n 
U5 14! 
U 
RU 
'35 
17’ , 
399 
16' , 
76 
44'a 
2 * ’ a 
24*« 

43 
# - 
7 9 '. s in 
RJ 
8? 
2 5 ', 
A vn 
RA , 
A' 4 
5*4 
U H 
49 
54 
54 
35*4 
54'a 
15’ a 
2 4 
34 
9 7 ', 
IS H 
2 2n so n 
5 
3 *4 
41 u n 
IAH 
18 
18 
TOU 
49in 
AOin 
IT 
T in u h 
Msn 
76*4 
43 
14‘ , 
79' , 
79 
IO' I fu n 
AC 4 
TSU 
7 in 
11*4 
I8 u 
132 
I* a 
12'a 
15*4 
25*4 
42', 
25 ‘ a 
24 

A' . D P ! Inc 
AH Damon 
SH D ariR iy 
Ut 
Dun.iC p lO u D acttnd 
33'. Dart p l 
M n D a taG cn 

IO 
2o 53 
48 
5 
I 
9 lb 
8 
2 

IS 
AA 
33' 
I * 
83 
R4 
RI 
125' 
Ut' 
TA' 
IS­ 
SI 
4' 

Dayen 
5ob 
Dave p i I 25 
D „ , I HU 
I 2o 
De y ip I 
I Aa 
DPL pl I 48 
DPL pf I >o 
DPL pl I 37 
DPL p l I? 5o 
Deere 
I IO 
R 
Del Mon 
I SO 
A 
D ekn.jR 1 /(J 
9 
Delia A,r 
TO 
8 
DeHr* 
|J 
4'a Dei Im,,) 
73 
DennM ! I 24 
7 
19 
Dennys 
44 IO 
7?'a Denisjply 
RO I? 
13 • tk'S olo 
AO 
9 t i n D e ltO is I 45 
9 
A3' . Dc-IF pf 5 St) 
'I 
Dr IE pf I AR 
76 peH p l t 45 
15 p r ’ E pf I JA 
?7 a Cw t! p l J is 
V U p e t pf BT 75 
STH Deale* ne 
A k p G,<wq 
o5t t i n p .c.io t p i WI a ir m l to 
1 dm in t 
? d u,M I 721 
1 Ar r 15h I lo 
> a p ie I 2o 

21 114o 
> 
773 
137o 
9 
AOS 
1o 
AS! 
/» o 
/ 4o 
4 (ARO 

7 H 
7' i 
SH 
M n 
34'« 
3/ 
46 ‘ 4 
19' * 
>5 
JAH 
TO 
SA 
89 
RS 
/H O 12«n 
39o5 
M n 
292 
M I 
1o78 
2o4 
215 
211 
451 
84 
97 
784 

V a Drek A b b i 

157o 
/IOT® 
2819o 
44 
33 
9 
185 
8 
174 
ITO i 
23 
* 
541 
I 
A34 
9 2959 
279 u 
135 

79 
14 
33 i n 
4H 
,'A'a s in 
77H un 

S 
: s in 
M n 
25 
P a u l l v 
7 
IT a 
37 a 
J J H 
I H 

A , 
I' a i n 
TAU 
33n u n 
44 
17H 
7o 
35 ‘a 
19' a 
85 I 
89 t i i 2A n 
W . 4 
2 /H 
IJ H 
3Ua 
7H 
4'a 
2 5 / 
M n 
27*. 
U n 
ISH 
A V , 
W a 
79 
77 

24'a 
RH 

!J h 
17 

 k 
J IH 
7 'a 

45son* 
79 a 
BJ a 
84 * 4 r 
82 
♦ 
25' / 
69n 
DA f 
6 N r 
SH * 
U < » - 
49' a - 
54 
- 
54 
- 
J A H . 
5 5 n - 
16 4 - 
2H * 
16' a I 
92’ , a 
16 
- 
22' , * 
5oU 
Jin — 
3H ♦ 
47 a f 
11»» - 
IA H * 
IR 
* ti* a f 
71’ , - 
49 
- 
J H ♦ 
67 U » 
IH — 
IJ H - 
79 -a t 
IIH - 
32' a t 
5 n - 
22 
- 
43' , 
U ' t~ 
31 f 
R2 n t 
2o'a - 
4oH f 
AOu 
JOH r 
21' , 
12' , f 
49 
♦ 
137 
* 
••a — 
17' a 
16 
26 
4 3 n * 
26 a 
24*a ♦ 

7 'a * h a * 
8' - n u t 
34 a it f 
45'4 * 
19'a * 
75 f 
IS H * 
19U ♦ 
8 5 ', 
89 a 
84' , a 
126 u * 
29H * 
M 
~ 
U a 
J I* . - 
I ’ m 

& H * 
77*a - 
14 
IS H . 
85 4 l l a i i 
1 
It 
* 
JAH a 
5 
- 
24*4 a 
I t 
U U 
IJ H - 
37 
- 
?*IA U a 
H a * 
7H * 

H i 34'a 
’ 
' 75U 
U U 
18'. 
SU 
135 
57 
66' 4 
27 U 
91 U 
1o3' , 
99 
VS 
31’ , 
3o' , 
7o’ . 
26'. 
25 
26 
26’ . 
26 
2 7 '. 
31 
89 
U U 
U H 

38 a 
2 9'* a 
A l' a 
IU - 
13U » 

25 
- 
II H 
3? '4 a 
18' j - 
AAU a 
33' j — 
86' .-a 
9o a 

H H 
I I H 
9’ 4 
17'*— 
1 5 ', 
23H a 
I9 H 
9 > *‘ 
78 a 
U H ­ 
U H - 
A* 4 - 
24 U a 
5 o ', a ll* r~ 
8 a 
26 '* a 
2 2 '* - 
S ln a 
77*4 a 
77' , a 
28H 
6 o '* - 
59 ’ n 
IO U * 
26 
- 
I U ' , a 
27*. a 
22*. a 
53 H a 
45 a 
27*4* 
M 
- 
IO 
- 
TO*. 
22H 4 
74 
4 
27U * 
31 U 
99’ t a 
SH 
U H 
35‘ a * 
34*a ♦ 
TH 
U U a 
2 3 U - 
17 a 
18' a * 
2$ n . 
2?U a 
73 
- 
52 a 
53' 7— 
24*. a i t ' i t 
73 a 
39*. a 

La w 
H H D ic tfip h n 
64 12 
221 
U U O rnbold 
5o 
9 
135 
4oH D .g ila lE q 
21 4684 
B u D tflin g m 
52 
6 127o 
25 
D 'H ngm pf ? 
19 
3o 
D illon 
I fifth 13 
59 
36 U Disney 
16 
16 363o 
IU D iv rs fd ln 
331 
IU, D iv rs M tq 
354 l l 
D rP e op r 
44 IS IOU ii' J Dom ,>M 
8oa 17 
157 
3 
D onLuJ 
12e 
6 
22 
D o n n e lly 
AR IO 
IAU D orO liv 
18e 
5 
IO’ * Dorsey 
4o 
6 
W H D over CP 
9o l l 
36 * Dow Ch 
I 12 7626 
29 U O owJon I 16 16 
447 
22U D rave 
I OS 
8 
177 
37’ * Dresser 
8o 
16 u O re* Bd I 44 
7 '* D re yfu s 
SS* 
126 d uP onf 
5 
49'* duFYit p l3 5o 
63 dll P hi pl I SO 
2o' 4 D u keP 
I AO 
Duke pf A 75 
Duke if 8 7o 
Duke pf 8 2o 
D uke pf 7 8o 
Duke pf 2 69 
D u n B rd I o6 16 
D u qL tq I l l IO 
Duq p fA 2 IO 
23' , Duq pf 
I 
7 3 ', Duq pf 2 OS 
Duq pf 2 o7 
Duq pfG ? IO 
Duq pf 7 31 
Duq pf 2 75 lei , Duq pf 7 2o 
I I H D utch By 
U I? 

Sole* 
N et ih d v ) High Law 
Loc* C hg 

231 
926 
18 
133 
223 

IO 2o38 
75 
6 
61 

13 
I? 
IAH 
U H 
28 U 
33 
393. 
IU 
I H 
U U 
SI 
3 '. 
23H 
I 6 H 
U H 
4o 
39 U 
31 
25 H 
4oH 
17'* 
8 

U U 
H H 
4?H 
I I H 
TSU 
32U 
38’ * 
IU i' * 
U U 
48' , 
3 
22’ , 
IAH 
I? 
37’ , 
38 
29J. 
IS 
39 
IAH 
7*4 

 un 
1? t 
16' . a u n a 
28 ' , * 
37’ * * 
38 ' . 
LH * 
IU - u n — 
5o’ * 4 
3 
- 
23 H * 
IA H a un - 
4o 
* 
39’ * a 
31 
* 
25 
- 
4o' 4 t 
17’ * a 
7’ a 

SH 

• N T f R . N A I 

 f U 
V E N 
O l 

 r S t R v J C F 

 f / i h b * ! - . ! ' ! ' ! 

" Hk very peer jn<) ihe vrry neb n,.,v nor p ,v l.c rv . hoi let - purl a all vnu Af, In H rlw cc, 

U 1655 134'a 13oU 133U • 3 

85’ , 
99-. 
93' . 
9o 
79', 
TA' 
19', 
24' 

24 
24 >. 
26 
29' 

3 
51 
17 
ASH 
' 
647 
V U 
5 
BZH 
Z37oo 1o2’ , 
/49o 
96 
Z69o 
66 
7o7 
64.1 
/ISO 
759o 
/IOO 
Z97o 
/ 27o 
/ 48o 
7351o 
/A32o 
61 
9 H D y m o ln 
44 
I 
8o 

92 
3o'* 
29--* 
19' , 
26 
24 1 4 
24 
25’ . 
2 5 ', 
Ii' , 
3o' a 
88’ , 
H H 
I I H 
TOU 
• 6 ; 
EG BG 
36 
• 6 
994 
2ok 
J 
3 a E M IL ! 
Me 
8 183o 
3’ * 
S I '. 
IO ' 
E S vs! 1 6ob 
8.21o 
4 5 k 
A IU 
18 * F .ig ln P 
I 36 
9 
97 
IOU 
7V « 
•8 # F.rtSCOCp 
75 
I 
7o? 
IO* A 
VU 
7 * 
E a s t A ir 
I 1351 
SU 
29 
24 
E a s ie s ! 
8o 
IO 28o8 
79 w u 
17' / East LMI 
I 6o 
9 
111 
V U 
86 : t 
TO­ * Ea> Kd I 6oa 
• 8 8819 
TAU 
A lk 
JO' A Eaton 
2 
8 
/63 
44' 4 
77'* l l ’ 4 E chlin 
48 
M 
75o 
24 
79U 
73' 4 FLC k rd JR 
‘•8 
M 
38o 
TAU 
6o’ « 
58' 4 E dc-B ro 
2 2o 
8 
39 
59 U 
ISH 
*3' 4 Edw rdS 
95a 
4 
26 
U U 
IT t i 
« El Paso 
I IO SI 
1726 
15k 

19' H 
I , 
IO .- 
TAH 
HH 
31*e 
.16 
38 H 
17’ ,- 
(SU 
SI 
16’ ? 
AU 
6' , 
IIH 
TAH 
35 H 
A*. 
JI' : 
J4U 
16 a 
29U 
U H 
39 
26 -a 
35 H 
IOU 
RH 
45 1 a 
59’ 4 
14 
U H 
27' , 
7 1 ', 
SS' a 

?' •> Eiec Asse 
65 
IS’ 
EDS 
AO 
14 
711 
3’ 
E IM -M q 
J 1148 
9’ . E IM M p llk 
65 
19' ! E lQ inN dl 
1 8 6oo 
6 
E 1, ai rin d 
6 
HO 
27' ; E lk a C p I t6 8 
277 

?H 
IAH 
4 H 
IO 
26 H 
7 
IO’ * 
35’ * 
35' 7 u n 
38'4 
51 
U H 
SH 
5H 
IOU 
76 H 

J IH E m e r a 
I 17 7o81 
34 
E m e ry 
I 7o 
17 
3o7 
'O' ■ E m e ry in 
44 
9 lls 
32'* E m b a rt I RO 
I 
3o9 
14 
E m h a rt p l 
19 
15 
E m p D E I 36 IO 
59 
5' . 
E m p D p l 47 i IOO 
S '* E m p D p l 5o 
/ARO 
IOU 
E m p D p l 97 
/BOO 
18'. E m p G a s 
4o 
7 1127 
. . . 
G U E nqlM C 
1 2o 
9,1228 35’ * 
SU E nm sB 
.32 
77’ a E nse rch I 72 
77 
E n te , 
I 2o 
31' 
E n v rtw 
IC ­ 
TS' ,- E a u ,la , 
2a 
12 
E q u im rk 
88 
35 ’ n E qu ttG s 2 84 
. 
22U E q u t tl 2 o9e l l 
JOH E s m a rk I 76 
I 
S n E s q u ire 
16 
I 
E b te rlin e 
JA 
7 
41 
E th y l 
I It) 
6 
5 3 '. E th y l pf2 4o 
12' 
E van sP d 
6o 
14' * E vans pf 1 4o 
IS 
E * CelO I 25 
19U E « r iv I 73e 
5o' a E xxon I I5i 
FM C 
26 » ll 
3o 
35 
VU 
TU 
9*8 
I 
6 U 
5* 4 
H U 
3 2 k 
I l k 
9 k 
IJH 
H H 
O '. 
8'* 
6 k 
4' / 
5’ / 
7 /U ll 
25' / 
IT 7 
17' a 
15 U 
W H nu 

EM C p l? 75 

88 
46o 
412 
AAS 
29 
58 
3o 
567 
569 
I?? 
1o3 
113 
15? 
779 
164 
378 
78 
5485 
I 11 2336 

8 

 ibrq 
I d b riC tr 
F aca*t En! 
F a ,re a m 

8 
2o 
6 
11 
8o 15 
JO 
9 

24 
TOU 
I i 
19' H 
JI' a 
IOU 
7' a 
3518 
2o' , 
U U 
19 
7o' , 
23 H un 
TTH 
17’ * 
13 H 
17»n 
TAH 
17’ , 
?’ . 
H U 
7' , 
74'* 
31nu 
U H 
19 u un 
14 
73 H 
Bl 
IOU 
JA'. 
71 
28 
U U 
24 , 
18’ 4 
91' , kl '> 
IAU 
A1'* 
17 U 
78 
15 H 
17U 
2? 
19H 
TV' , 
J IH 
7? U 
JI U 
IS 

13'* 
I l k 
34' a 
45 
9 U 
6 
AU 
78 
74' , 
24 
4o 4 
U 
IV '* 
IS U 
ISH 
Sh 
27’ * 

32 
273 
117 
198 
914 
186 
55 
28 
887 
o 
778 
5 
218 
6 
143 
6 2687 
5 
2o3 
S3 
8 
BO 
IO 
I 16 13 1641 
I TS 
8 
218 
741 

7 
F a -rm iF 
V r W U En 
E a ra b M t 
Fodders 
F ardri Co I AO 
FdM oq 
1 IO 
Fed NM * 
I 
. 
Fed Pa Bd 9o 
71 
E Pap pH 2o 
17 
E dS iqnl 
I n u F d S iqn l w 
O ' .■ F td O S l 
JOH F e rro 
8 H F ib re b r d a f id F in 
32 H I ida-tun 7 4o 
I 
23 
19 
F ie ld e rs ! la 
A ll 
V’ » F illro t 
I 
3o4 
IAU E m S anB 
18 
5 
87 
1 m l f t-d 5o 6,477 
FPresto 
I IO 13 53o6 
F s l C har 
ROI 
A 
951 
F s 'C h k 
96 
I 1926 
I I Bn T o , 
I IO 
SA 
F s tln Bn I 2o IO 
164 
F st M iss 
36 
12 
RSO 
FSIN Bo 
ISH 
8,417 f IN S !B n 
7 
FstP d 
I 32 
F IP ,.M ig 
I l k FS IUnRI 
I 
6 U Fbi Va Bk 
45 
21 f W-bCp I 76 
27 U F ISCUM 
I 2o l r / El sh Fps 
AO 
U U F ,s tir Sc 1 
28 n u E le e ttn t 
4o 
IAU E le m m q 
8o 
. 
II H F ie ,.V a n 
2o 11 
IV '. f lin tk o t I 16 17 
63 
F lin t pl-I SO 
3o 
E lio t p*27S 
23'4 F la t Cst 
2o 
F ia G as 
I IO 
23 

53 
IO 
516 
17o 
14 
35 
IO 
96 
8 
93 
9 
215 
A 
687 
A 
228 
I? 1132 
164 
129 
Jo7 
Z229o 
91 
58 
223 
E ld P WL I 56 l l 2646 
78' * I la Pow 2 28 
TO' 4 E laS tl 
I 2o 
13U F lo o rC p 
I 
RO 
E lu o rp l 
J 
5 'a I d E a ir 
2o 
U U FooteC B 
I 
F o rd M 
.3 2o 
F o r M c K 
I 
FM R p l I RO 
FtDear 
124 
F IH o w P l l 17 
Eo-.Wh n 
H 
F oxboro 
I 2o 
F rn k ln M 
74 
F re e p M I 6o 

55 
IS' . 
25-, l l ii 
19 , 
42'. 
21' 
77 '1 
16’ 
77’ t 
E r.q 'rn 
F ru*-ht 
F oaua 

5V7 
5 
33 
9 
8o4 
I 
9 
346 
8 
251 
A 4266 
I 
531 
SU 
3o5 
U7 
1147 
9,332 
714 
■ P H 4R9 
IO.- 33 7545 
I RO 
8 124o 
36 6 2.169 
( . - I I - I 
6o IO i l l 

AH 
28 n 
3 in 
JAH 
27’ * 
U H 
36 u 
23H 
12'4 
9 U 
7U 
45 H 
59'* 
U U 
15 
77U 
2o H 
5 3 * 
I AU 
37 
8 ’ » 
o'* 
A e 
35 U 
1o 
I l k 
9 '* 
A '* 
A 1 
I t ' , n u 
16 n ie ’ * 
73 
18' , 
14 
14 H 
32 U io n 
6H 
34' , 
TO* 
14' / 
18'4 
7o' , 
77' , 
15 U 
TO' / 
34'4 
39 
IR '. 
TSU 
26'n 
17 
7' / 
U H 
AU 
73 
IO' / u n 
13'. un 
IAU 
I? '* 
TO’ , 
Bl 
IO'a 
33 
23’ a 
25 n 
3oU 
TI 
36 
8 5 , 
7H 
IAH 
59 U 
IAH 
77 H 
IS’ , 
36' , 
11 
49H 
25 
29’ * 
77 U 
31U 
IO’ , 

5o 
65 
2o’ , 
87 
99’ . 
95' , 
9o 
29' ; 
78'* 
19' * 
Ii' i 
24 
24 
25 
Ii' 7 
It H 
29’ . 
85' , 
11 ’ n l l ' , 
19H 
3H 
4 3 '* 
IO le u 
7H 
26 ll'7 
/O '* 
42'* 
27’ 4 
23’ 4 
59’ . un 
14’ « 
I ’ 4 
ISH 
3U 
9H 
23 
AU 
28* a 
34 
34' , 
IO'J 
37’ * 
49' 4 
ISH 
5U 
5H 
IOU 
22H 
34U 
6 
28'a 
3oU 
33’ . 
27'4 
12 
IAU 
27 U 
3 1 ', 
9 
7U 
45' , 
59 
13 

GAF C p 
_ 
1 C A F p l 
I 2o 
G A IK 
I 8o ll 
G A T * pl? SO j OC ACp 
o5e 
19 
SU GF Busn 
SI 
58 
4’ * G db k-lnd 
59 
IT 
G am Sk 
I 4o 
A 
359 
22 „ G a m ', p l I 4o 
8 
24 
G a m s p H 75 
I 
M 
G an n ett 
1 i a , / / j 
9 
G ap S trs 
2oe 
8 
118 
17' . GardDc-n 
76 is 1169 
U U C a rlin a 
I o4 
8 
2oo 
13* , G asSvc 
I TO 
9 
42 
AU G rite w y 
He i 
IAR 
72 
G e n rh rt 
TR I? 
595 
UU G em in Cap 
1o5 
I l . G em In I 2oa 
32 
IOU G A In , I 
Tie 
U7 
56' 4 G nA m O lb lAxJJt ll'. , G ffi’ B ant 
RO 
8 
U4 
IOU G nC .bile 
77 1o,537 
7? U G C m m a 
AR 
8 
1R3 
5' a G enD evl a 
166 
49 
G e n D y n 
A 
641 
■19 U Gen E l 
I RO I? 5363 
TV 
On f ood I 64 
9 HSA 
J IH G nG th I We 2o 
252 
I I 
G tn Host 
6o 
123 
IR ', G enius* 
72* 
16 2211 
JA 
On I ris k p ll 
IS 
17’ , Gen M ud 
JO IO 
IAI 
77 
Gen M ills 
76 17 2116 
AVU On M ot 5 soc 
I 7379 
52 
G6AOI p f l 75 
Hi' I G M ot pf 
5 
A’ s tie r P ort 
W U C P U 
I AR 
7 H O a ik iif r 
Hie 
G nS ignl I o4 
G en ste e l 
G TU t i 
I 
GT i f I pf 2 52i 
CJT I Ct 1 rf 2 48 
G U I pt I 25 
G T Fl pf I « 
G T E ' p l R I . 
G I ire 
I 2ob 
Geneseo 
22 
975 
AU 
Gem si dr 
I 4o 
5 
28 
72 
G enu P ts 
4o 16 
745 
34' ; 
I P fia P .K 
8ob 
16 3945 
35’ n 
I t 
O d Pv. pf2 57 
54 
77',, 
TR’ . 
G «P w pf2 IS 
IAI 
29H 
85 
G d f’w p U » o 
,45oo 86 U 
83U 
G aP w p l’ 7? 
-AO 8 3 '. 
24 
G e rb rr 
I 3o IO 1o54 
JI 
191 
G ettyO 7 7oe U ll? 1 9 /H 
U . G H IO p i! 2o 
23 
IR , 
9 U G iant PC 
AO JO 
9o 
8 . Gibe F in 
5 t a 
SH G id d L e w 
4o l l 
766 ittd H ill 
RO 
I 
41 

54 
987 

71 

12' . 
62 , 
14 
U U 
TAH 
6 
Al 
55U 
13 
23'4 
U H 
27* 4 
W , 
2oH 
U H t i ' t 
SS t i'* 
RU 
1 9', 

5 3 '. 
49 
RU 
6 
31 ’ a 
■8 
•6 s 
VI 
19 
77' 
IAU 
I i 
16’ / 
IS 
KU 
91 
7 8k 
IS 
6 a 
I 
73-a 
71 
J7' / l l 
38' / 
JI 

 l l 
16 
181 333 
9 1o74 
43 
DO l l 
ASI 
6 
9o 
9 3483 
32 
IAI 
/ M 
/IW O 
. 
7426o IOO 
6 
RU 
28 l l 
W I 
5 
28 
16 
745 
16 3945 

U U 
ISH 
7 9 '. 
41 
RU 
5'a 
5 ‘ a 
28 
73U 
24 
15V. 
II 
W U 
IS*. 
U H 
BH ll 'I 
IR '. 
IS '* 
IO-, 
59 H 
IJ H 
11*4 
24U 
J U 
SRU 
52' , 
J?' a 
22’ a 
U U 
27U 
17' , 
19*4 
TRU 
73U 
SJH 
/1 
H a 
WU 
7’ a 
5 iv . 
AU 
79V. 
34U 
78U 
15 ‘ a 
16' 1 

G ille tte 
I SO IO I AA/ 

JI' i 

I? a n u 
J?1. nu 
JOU 
T in 
U H 
IAH l l , 
IO' t 
29' 1 
JJU 
24 
It H 

. 
- G m o s ln e 
IO' , G1«.|‘,W 
29. 
I 
GI o b M a r 
24-a Glc-iieUn I 2o I 
IAU G ld W F n 
12i 
I 
17' a G oldW pt TR 
2 5 '. Good rh 
Good yr 
Got 3w*A 
IO 
G ould 
1 17 
G ould pt I 35 
G rm « 
I >o 

8 
I 
12 lit 
164 
UT 
139 
AS 
I 12 33 UA/ 
I *o U 4447 
A 
ISI 
IO 2443 
314 
8 
16 
G ra in g e r 
36 
G ra n d U tt 
I 
G ro n ifv l 
9C 
- . O rdy Dr q 
8o 
IOU G IA H P at 
22’ ,) G U k D I 2lld 
W k G lN o lr I 5or 
19 l l ' , G tN oN k I IO 
I 
» U O t A '- f >„ 
5o 
8 
W , O lW y lU ld 
2 
IR . O 'We p it 88 
1 8 '. C r O 'an t I OR 24 
14 
G rey!, 
I Old 
8 
I U G re yhn d w l 
I 
C r ob or 
17* 1 G ru m m 
8o 
5 
I t 11, G u a rd in 
JO 
7 
14 
G u ll A .to Aa 
4 
' f O '* A lo d w l 
77 ,1 G it A iii 5 75 
/o c h a p u n t A pf 2 SO 

6o/ 
157 
1 
IOO 
5 
SA 
5 
4/ 
2o 1688 
■ 134 
Al 
158 
1o42 
48 lf i ll 
841 
731 
29o 
417 
56 
IAU 
1737 
I 
29 
■ OO 
.. . 
C m m id 
4o U 1 iso 
P I U 
G u 'iM iq 
19o 
.T il IAGullO, 1 
IRO 
/ 82VO 
IA H 
G u ll Pus 
I Kl 16o8 
, 
77u G u llR p l » l l 
2o . 
G u llP p f! JO 
56 
2o * I 
G ullW pf I Ai- 
2)6 
1 
IJ H GUSHI* 
I I? 
I ISIS 
55’ 
GHSU p l* 4o 
/AVO 
*1 ' » 
GUSLI (if 5 CW 
/RO 
I 
I ' . G uild*) 
OSe IO 119 
1 
J U N M A l l WR 
Ma, k A 
7 8o 
8 l l 
Hu IIF B t i l l 158o 

9 
1o 
U U 
ISH 
2 7 ', 
I U 
U H 
I u 
37’ * 
IOU 
ISH 
S IU 
2 H * 
U U 
3 3 ', 
JIH 
79’. 
29 U 
IIH 
U U 
U H 
UH 
IO , 
26'a 
S IU 
TIU l l n 
JOU 
TOH u n 
IU 
I' / 
19 r 
15*4 
IS H 
Ha 
U H 
72u 
IAU 
13 
JU iou 
W U 
TA’ , 
24 
2-4' a 
UH 
5 4 ', 
HU i in 
3o’ , 
H U 

U H 
26 * 
19U 
SIU 
25' , 
36 
SH 
8 
5’ s 
33'4 
VU nu 
9 '. 
5-u 
5U 
75 U 
22'* 
16 
17 U ll 
17>4 n u 
12’ , 
31U 
9 ’ 4 
AU 
34'4 
W U 
U U 
U H 
18 'n 
T IU 
U U 
W , 
32U 
3 7 '. 
15’ , 
27 
75U 
IA U 
I ' a l l t 4 
27U 
28’ , 
I U . l l 
13*. 
16'* 
U U 
W H n u 
39’ , 
37 
23U 
24U 
29H 
2o' , 
34U 
Bl' 7 
6U 
15 V. 
57*. 
I6 U 
26’ * 
U U 
IAU 
2o 
48 
74 
27*. 
T IU 
79H 
9- a 

 liv . 
18 
28 U 
4o' J 
8 
SU 
5** 
TSU 
73 
74 
34*. 
1o 
ISH 
U U u u 
8 
76U 
U U 
IS**, 
IOU 
SRU u l l * . 
UU 
SU i t 
SOU 
I I H 
JJU l l ' * 
TOH 
37 
W 
27 5. 
71 
53’ , 
/ I U 
7 '* 
IS H 
7 V a 
SOH 
A a 
29 
14 
77U 
15' a 
IS *. 
99' , 
11 7 
5'a 
2114 
STH 
S IH 
II 
28' , 
RA’ 4 
RSU 
29 
194 
U U 
9 U 
VU 
9-H 
15 
26 * a 
7 U 
I I H 
7 * . 
37 
IR 
IOU 
28U 
2o’ --, ll*-* 
31' 7 
SI 
28 a l l ' 1 l l 
Ii 
U U 
I I 
26 '* 
7 5 ', 
29 
22'» 
21 >* 
'O' a is * * 
U 

 si 
65'* ♦ 
1 
71 
. 
87**5 v 
IOT 
5 
1> 
9 5 ', . r 
92 
4 
I 
TV’ r ~ 
' 
29' 7 4 
• 
W U - 
’ 
Ii 
74U 
24 
- 
’ 
25 
- I* 
2 4 U - I 
26H t 
* 
29U - 
’ 
8 7 *4 - 
< 
I I H 
I I H - 
’ 
19’ . 4 
) 
J U 5 
) 
4 3 H —- 
* 
IO U 4 t 
19 
I U - 
> 
79 
F Y n u 
71 
- f* 
•13U 5 
J* 
I V * 
I 
23»* - I* 
59 U 5 
> 
U H 5 
* 
U U — 
I 
? H 4 
* 
16 
- 
* 
4 U 4 t 
IO 
4 
25U 4 
2 ! 
A H 4 
' 
JOU 4 f> 
35'a 4 
’ 
35 
F 
IO U - 
1 
3 8'*F 
* 
51 
4 
2 
IS H 4 
' 
5 
’ 
S H - 
* 
IOU 
24 
4 f ’ 
35** k f i 
AH * 
' 
28' 7 — 
' 
M U * 
* 
3 5**4 
2 , 
27U 4 r 
W U 
' 
SA'* 
I V 7~~ 
' 
3 f’ » ~ 
’ 
9' , 4 
I U . 
I 
45 * . 4 
' 
59 
- 
' 
13**4 
U U — 
' 
26 U 4 
TO 
- 
5 fU f 
25' 
16 
- 
S H — 
BH 4 
5 U - 
.14'* 4 f 
9*4 — f f J 
9 "* 
A' a F 
6 * * 4 
76 
- 
23' / 5 
16' a - 
IS H 4 
23 
* 
18’ * 4 
13H 
43'» 4 
32*. 4 
I 
9 H 
AU 
34'4 
2o'a 4 
13*4 5 
18’ * - 
2 o ', 4 
I 
77U 5 
15 
5 
2o 
- 
34'a . 
I 
38' a • 
I 
16 
- 
27'a - 
25' , - 
IA U 4 l u ­ l l 
- 
A' , 
22' 7 
JO U 5 
I n u - i i ' , 4 
14**4 
16'* - 
U U 
1 9 ', 
79*4* 
I 
39 U - 
3 7 *4 - 
23 H 5 
TS U 4 
M 'a 4 
7 o'a * 
J5H 4 
I 
85U 4 3 
7* I 4 
IA U 4 
58'a • 
I 
I A-* ta— 
27 
4 
15U * 
36 *a 4 
22 
5 2 
48’ a . 
24 
— 
79U 4 
I l l 1, . 
I 
S IU 4 
I 
94* - 

W 
4 
IS H 4 
29 
— 
4 o * 4 - 
RU 4 
SU — 
S U 4 
27 U ♦ 
3 
23 
- I 
74 
15' a 
IO U — 
W U 4 
IS* , » 
IJ H t 
8 f 
TAU 
IR' , a 
IS H 
M U ­ 
SS' 4 - 
13*-* a ll* * 
74 
5 U 
57 U a 
I 
51 
- 
JI 'a * 
22H 5 
12 
. 
TI ** 4 
I 
37 
- 
19 
- 
7 7 '. n u * 
1 
S J H - 
/ I U — 
/ 'a 
. 
W a 
75* - 
SOU - 
A’ a 
J *' 

Yaorfy 
N igh 
Low 
23 
JJU 
25 k 
18' 4 
23 ’ r 
SU 
23’ * 
29 
54’ ? 
J IH 
1o 
ISH 
71' , 
IA U 
TV , 
35 
26’ , l f , 
29 U 
18' , 
75 U 
IV 
17’ -. 
VU 
15 a 
U U 
34 
11 a 
A 
27’ a 
5o 
37U 
2' J 
8’ i i i ' , 
7? u 
I? 

2o 
H fill PU 
«od 
A 
54 . H d llih rt 
I 11 2212 
2o u H a m riP I JO 
8 .315o 
16' * HflnJSe I ive l l 
Man J In I H8e 
4' 1 Mend! mn 
2o 
W U Handy He 8o 
23'4 Hanev 
I 36 
Manna 
1 W 
Mar Br J 1 44 
Hardees 
H arm an 
5oh 
H arnishl 
8o 
H arrah 
3oa 
H a rt Bk I 5o 
H a rris 
8o 13 1127 
Har sco I 1ob 
A 
1o2 
H art SM , 
/ } r 
HarteH k 
» 12 
H alt Se I 1-la 
12 
H a w i,E l I 88 
8 
HayesA lb lh 
5 
9' >, H a/el th 
o5e 
A 
8 
Hecks 
IT 
7 
H U H eclaM 
« t 
IJ H Hr-.lrnB 
64 
A 
3o' 
H e in /H 
I 2o 
TSU H e,,,, O ff ;o 
1 j HeleneC 
A 
184 
IV „ Met lee Int 
92 
8 
1o3 
4.1 U Helm eaP 4o 12 
289 
.3? 14 Mel mer P w, 
I ’ ,, Hem Cap 
49 
8 
Hem Inc 
AW- 
7 
Hercules 
I IO 1879 

Sole* 
Ihdv , N ig h 

242 
65 
11,224 
7 
118 
5 
1J1 
8 
193 
9 
122 
7,22o 
9 
399 
8 751o 
8 
UA 
245 

77o 
IOO 
,55BO 
73 
143 
ISA 
124 
154 

2o'* 
58’ 4 
25’ , 
17*o 
77U 
5-U 
IT* 
25-U 
5o 
34 
V U 
34’ 4 
71’ , 
15 U 
35’ , 
35 
24U 
U U 
78’ , 
UH 
24*. 
U U 
IO *. 
8” , 
IS 
U U 

2.1k 
27 U 
25’n 
8’ / 
U H 
TIU 
32' a 
43U 
25U 
SIU 
24 « 
2U 
16' , 
78' / 
I I H 
IS H 
ISH 
9 ‘ * 
7 IH 
17*4 
38U 
36U 
3 5k 
17’ , 
U U 
W U n u 
7U 
4?’ , 
ISH 
16 
U H 
U U 
24 k 
IS’ , n o 
AU 
47 U 
TOU 
U U 
361 , 
2o k 
31U 
73 k 
8 U 
27'a 
27 
27 *» 
3o 
52' , 
19 k 
55' , 
78 
16'* 
14 
7 k i o u 
Bl 
89 
9V 
123 
79 
74 k 
18 
72 U 
76 
SOU 
IOU 
57’ . 
2J-a 
IS'* 
19' 
3o , i n 
IO’ J 
46 4 
39' 
786 i t 
14' 
43’ 
48 
W k 
2o a 
69 U 
4 'a 
34 U 
1o3’ 4 
A lk 
59 * 
SRU 
A5k 
41'a 
63 
3? 
R3U 
34 ’ 4 
18 l l ' , 
A k 
26 1 
U U 
73U 
28 
25 U l l * 

IR * 
IS H 

1o3 
VI 

Hershey I 12 
H . H esston 
16' 4 
Hestn pf I 6o 
26 
Heublin I IT 
68 k 
H ew itP k 
IO 
A 
Huh Volt o5e 
18 
TOH 
HHIenbd 
82 ' 
7oU H ilton NII 
Ah,, Hobar I 
Mott Fie 
H oliday 
H iidyA 1 /OI 
MollyS 
2 4o 

9,1346 J I H 
127 
S IU 
SH 
W U 
49U 
32*4 
?’ a 
8 * . 
24** 
TOU 
388 
165 
34 
7184 
21,159o l l 
SAA 
73 
91 IO 
223 
92 
11 1o.56 
24 
I 
54 
46 IO 21o1 l l 
8 
174 

1 6k l l 

Homes! k 
I l l 1o23 
Honda 
IST 21 
465 
Ffon /w ll I 6o IO 65/9 
HoovBB I I? 
Horizon 
13’ , H ospA tl 
J? 
72 
HospCpA 
IO 
9 H H o s lln tl 
4o 
IOU Honda,! 
9oa 
IA U HouqM tf 
84 
7 k HOOS Fab 
37 
W U H ouS hF 
12o 
43U HOOF pf,’ 3/ 
35 
H o of pt? SO 
311 * Ffouslnd I 76 
31'4 HousNG 
9 k How John 
15’ * H ubbrd 
17 k HudsnA 
17U Hudson 
A k HuqOFtat 
36' 4 HuqbsTI 
15'. Hum ana l l ' * HuntCh 
13 k H u tln E F 
12'* Huyck 
21H IC Iuds 

ISA 
43 
8 
465 
8 
7o1 
7 
193 
A 
189 
8 
118 
8 6o8 
7 U24 
IO 
87 
9 2o65 
7o ll 2277 
32 8 2983 
I 2o 12 ,8o 
8o 65 
39 
8o 65 
4 
4o 
A 
55 
5o 13 1738 
5o ll 
2o1 
34 14 16VI 
6o 
4 
383 
6o 12 1797 
I IO 
I 1o79 

71 k 
21 k l l 
AU 
M U 
23 
3 1 k 
42*. 
23’ * 
S IU 
7 4 'a 
2' a 
IA U 
23' , 
IO U 
18 
18'4 
8 U 
7oH 
46’ / 
36*. 
IS H 
33 
IOU 
16' ■ le u 
18’ 4 
7 
3 8 '* 
U H 
16 
U U 
U H 
24 iso 
43 u 
I 1o5 
566 
6 

84’ 

 i l l 
1o4 
IO 29 ’ 8 
U 
3 
V 3U3 
8 U M 
118 

13 
TO’ B 
12*, 
36 
TO 
271, 
TO*, 
Vt 
Ii' 
725o 
25*. 
25 
/1ooo 
75*. 
25 *. 
/64o 
28 
28 
/JOO 
SOU 
5 o k 
/29o 
16 U i f . 
/TOO 
SS1 J 
55 
• 4 
22 
24’ / 
74 
5 
RTS 
1 6 k 
IS '. 
M 1428 
31 'a 
JO* A 
SS 
I ‘ * 
TH 
64 
IO’. 
IO 
/M IO 
T g l. 
78 
2o5 
8 7 k 
RTH n o 
91' / 
95 
/ 185o I W U m u 
6 
47 
26 k 
TAU 
IO 
736 
74 >* 
23 U 
7 
J5 
16' •/ 
16 
23 V SS 
TI' 7 
19*. 
U 
868 
TSU 
IV 7 
» 158 
49 
46 J 

 i v 7 ic Ind pl 3!5o 
IOO 
IC Ind pl 
A 
I U IC N P h a 
IO 
IN ACP 
I IO l l 
INA In 
I 59a 
I U m f t 
9o lU ln t A 
I U lm pl 1 25 
IdaboP 
7 16 
Ideal Ba I 2o 
Idea Toy 32b 
IllP o w r 2 2o l l 2o36 
II Pow pl 2 o-1 
I)Pow pl? IO 
11 F*ow pl 7 35 
11 Pow p»4 12 
IIF’ow p l) 78 ll Pow pl4-17 
ITW 
56 
Im plC pA 
?4 
INGO 
I 4oa 
Inr Cap 
IncCCu 
o8e in diM pl * OB 
In d 1 W pl / 76 
94 
In d 'M pf8 AB 
IU 
Ind.M p l 
17 
2-11* Ind,Gas 7 I? 
73 
In d p lP l I 9o IO 
16 
IndlN at I TO 
H U Inex.oO 
AA 
Inqer R 
2 RO 
45 
Inq R p l I 35 
25 U InlndCon 
I 
15** InfndS ll TAO 
14' a Inm ont 
8o 
13'* Insilco 
HH 
18 ins,! pl A I IS 
24 k InspC op 
681 
IU Inst Inv Tr 
8 k inteqon 
36 
J 
37 k In te rc o I RO ti 
In to rc tD iv 
Intf-rlak 2 2o 
IB M 
IO 
In tFlavF 
14 2o,15o9 2o 
In tH a rv IRS lr, I M ine I IC 
In tM in r pf 4 
13U Int Mug 
TO l f ; In tM u li, 
R5 
Int Paper 
I 
Intl?et Id 
IO 
In tT T 
I 76 
IntT I ptE I int TT ptH 4 
IntT T pf J 
I 
Int T T p lk I 
MITT ptO 5 
Int T I pf 2 25 tntTT p f4 5o 
In trp re 
I 65 
In trp te p ! 
5 
In trp d p I AO 
16 k tntrsP w I 45 
25 
InP w pf 2 28 
Intrst Un 
24 
Iowa Bt 
Iowa El 
I 4o lo w a llG I RI low I Ii pf? 31 
Io w .i P l 
2 IO 
I RO 
o5e 

Low 
2o 
56 
22 U 
16'* l l 
4’ a 
T IU 
21' 4 
48 U 
.32'* 
9 
33’ 4 
W U 
U U 
34’ , 
3 3'* 
24U 
13 
27U 
17 U 
24'a 
1 6k 
9 U 
8 
13'* 
17 
3o' 7 
M U 
5 
W U 
SAU 
32*. 
IU 
BU 
2 3 '. 
W U 
8 ’ , 
16 k 
76 
74 
7’ a 
21 
7o U 
7 1 '. 
A’ J 
U U 
22H 
29H 
IO' * 
22’ / 
18 U 
73' 4 
2 
14** 
I T 7 
1o*4 
17 
18 
SU 
2 o '* 
16 
36 
3 4'* 
31 ’ a 
1o 
16 
18' 4 
18U 
A k 
37U 
IA U 
U ’ 1 
IJH u 
23 
4J* a 
1o5 
5 *. 
I I H 
W U 
12’ * 
35’ 7 
19*. 
Tau 
2o 
7 *. 
25H 

Net lo v l Chg 
7o 
- 
’ ? 
SS' » 4 
IU 
74 U 4 
7 k 
V U 4 
' . 
72 
SU 4 
H 
21*4 - 
H 
24' 7 
' t 
-18' 7 - 
' 4 
33*. ‘ u 
9 
I 
< „ 

Tout 
I U 
15'* 4 
' » 
3 5 k . 
3 4'* . 
I 
74 u . 
1 * 
UH 
'* 

9 
274 
9 
751 
8 1119 
8 
8o4 
14 
85 
15 
7 
152 
7 ,6 o 2 
A 
2o2 
6 

IO'* 
19’ a 
TI’, 
IS H 
18*. 
77' 4 
I ’ J 
IO' 7 
39 
V , 
Si’ • 
18 457o 786 a 

 iowa PO 
I pr o Hsp 
I lek CP 
HeiCp 
IO 

6 ISSI 
34 / 
6 UU 
4 3 '. 
I 
47 
8 
591 
19 
I 
W I 
IR l l 
4391 
59 k 
161 
6' 4 
8 688 J 
33** no 
99 - a 
19 
6o / 
/ i s r 7 
828 
56‘ a 
273 
63 
3324 io u 
54 
AO 4 
I 
U t 
JOU 
21 
S IU 
8 
98 
JA U 
9 
154 
V U 
/6 /o 
25' / 
22 
227 
6 k 
I 
686 
26' ,■ 
9 
VS 
IA U 
9 
WI 
22 U m o o 
7 7 k 
9 
11o 
25 *. 
1o 
ISI 
T IU 
9 
VAR 
5 '/ 
23 
I 19 
IA U 
I 
HAJ 
IS 

28' 7 
48 
71 
U U 
IR a 
25' 7 
IU 
IOU 
S IU 
I', 
ISH 
282’ 7 
1 9k 
33 
41 ’ a 

78' r f 
17 k . 
74 k » 
17 r 
9 U 
8 * 4 
15 
4 
17' 4 
31 
- 
M U 
S’ , f 
19' 4 
46U . 
32*. 
2' a * 
8 '* * 
24'n 4 
2o 
- 
8' 
16’ 4 
Ii - ti ! 4 
7’ ., , 
21 k > 
T IU 4 
21' 4- 
6 ' ?— 
12’ . n u - 
IOU 
4 2k 4 
23'* * 
49 
- 
73’ *4 
7 '* 
IA U * 
22k 
IOU ll 
- le u * b u 4 
7o*4 
46 
- 
JA 
- 
34 k 
33 
♦ 
IOU - 
16 
F 
18’ 4 
1 8 '* - 
7 ie 
- 
17U * 
IS H . 
14U 
U H 4 
23*4 * 
43 H F 
1o5 
4 
A 
- 
47 
- 
W k 4 
12' t - 
SS' 7 * 
2o 
U U 
TOU - 
11 ,- l i 1, 
25*. 
25*4 
28 
- 
SO' 4 
46*4 
S5UF 
24 
- 
16 
3 1U * 
7 k io u 4 
/8 
- 
87'a ‘ 
96' , 
HSU 
25 
24* a 
16k 4 
WU 
75**4 
47*. 4 
29' 7 4 
4 V . 4 
71'a 
IS H 4 
18 k 4 
7 7 k . 
IU 
IOU 
38 k 4 
7 k 
JAH 4 
283' / 4 
2o '* 4 
14 
4 
43' 7 4 

V aorly 
N igh 
Low 

12 k 
9 9 '* 
59 
SA' 7 
54’ * 
62' / 
39 
59’ 7 
FO 
/R U 
32H 
U U 
25 
6 
25'a 
16 U 
22’ . 
26 k 
25 
2 1 k 

IS*. 
U U 

 t' * 4 
12’ « r 
99’ * 
6o 
- 
57 
1 
56 
* 
A l' J 4 
19*. • 
6 o k 4 
» U - 
8o 
4 
U U * 
U U 
75 
6U 
TSU 
'A , 
72'4 ll 
25*. 
21k , 
SU 
15U 
IS 
- 

14 
- 
78 
IS H 
16 . 
VV , 
28 
I 
6 
21* 4 
34 
. 
3 5 '. , 
27’ a 
29 
86’ . 
B lk 
291. , 
W I . 
U U 
VU 
’ o 
< 
IOU < 
IS H . 
2AU , 
I t 
IJ H 1 
I H t 
32 
- 
I I 
WU, 
3 1 '/, 
21U t ll * * 
J IH , n u , 
29' a - 
T V . , 
71 
W U . 
17' v , 
U U , 
JO U , 
Tau - 
JO*. 
23 
, 
J I H , 
TOU 
?o u 
U 1 1 l u ­ l u 
IR** 
IS** 
IS H - 
Va 
73 
- n u - 
JAU 
W U 
3'a 
JO U- 
W k - l f 7 
U U 
Ii 
IV t 
SS' 4 
ATU 

JA / 
I* • 

23' > l l n u 

 n u 
UU 
17 U 
HIH 
JOH 
TO' / 
SR 
SI 
Si 
TSU 
IS 
II* / l l 

J a m e s ! 8o‘ o . 12b 
Im 
16 a 
IS ’ 
M U 
Jam zen 
RO 
179 
V k 
U 
8' .- 
Jap an! 
98t- 
3o7 
8 '. 
8 
29 
Jeff P ilot 
RO 
IO 
427 
O ' 7 
29 
43' J J e ff pt 
I 
MO 
45 
44 
99 
J e ff pf 9 (6 
/le o 
IO I 'a 
1o1 
87 
JerC p l 
8 
/754o 
93 
91 
83 lerC pl / «8 
TST 
91 
88 
12V . 
JerC p f 13 SO 
463*o 
129k 
MT 
1o9-4 JerC pf l l 
/SO 
U T U 
111 
72 4 Jewel C 
J 14 
AVO 
?S‘ a 
73 
3 k 
J e w eled / 
8 
63 
4' a 
1 
77 
Jhn M an I 4o 
17 35U 
37 ’ a l l 
HS' -- iohns J,, la 
2o 
1566 n * * 
7o 
9 ■ JohnsEF 
RO IO 
753 
I l k 
IO 
It « John Ce 
I AO IO 
IVA 
J8U 
34 
M u 
J o Logo 
AOL 
A 
IA U 
I ) 
53 / 
JonLaup* 
5 
274o 
SR 
SA 
19 k 
Joryen 
I 
; 
59 
23' / 
21 
IoU Jostens 
(Kl l l 
1|9 
FO 
JoyMtq 
I JO l l UO l 
I U 
Jus!,, ,-M 
24 
2 
34 
K IM A ir 
8 
21 
AO' / 
37' ; Ka,sr Al I 2o 
IR 11o6 
IV 
44k 
Ka Al pl? ii 
/IOO 
45 
56 
Ka,A l pf I 12 
5 
66 t i 
Ka, Sip*I IS 
1 
TI 
AR 
Ka, ’ 9pf 4 TS 
5 
66' 4 Ka, AAptF IS 
/J U 
9 '* 
Ka.sCem 
SO IO 
148 
U H 
IS’ 7 Ka,Ce pf I 37 
72 
16 . 
9 k 
Kart.-M il 
28 
94 
9 U 
JI „ 
Kaneb 
I 
I? 
TSO 
16’ a 
TIU 
K fly P L 7 16 
8 
HO 
TV' a 
13' , K CPL PURO 
/SO 
48 
57 
KC PL pf4 35 
/IO 
52' / ss 
KC PL pf I 5o 
/SO 
5 / k 
26 k 
K CPL p l2 33 
26 i v 7 
V U 
KC SPO In 
9 
217 
35 
I l k kCSoo p i 1 
/H O it / i o u 
Kane.El I *6 
I 
TAJ t v 7 
X 
KanNb 
I IS 
8 
145 
23' / 
19 a K an P Ll I 7o 
R 
W I 
TOU 
27k 
K (Pl. psi 32 
14 
V U 
/' t, Katy in tl 
WO 
I U 
7o i 
K aty p f! 46 
98 
I 
Kau! B ' 
o6c 
IS 
1463 
H r 
11' 4 Kau! p l! SO 
W k 
IS 'n Kd wet k- 
I ! 
78 
W* / 
IO 
K, f e e 
Kl 
I 
126 
‘O' / 
K e lle r 
2o 
8 
195 
1 ok 
23 k 
Kellgqq I IO 
U its 
75; a 
14 
K WI afd 
8o 
RO 
't i 
96 

27 
/U h 

W k n u 

 i * 1 v 
TAU 

IU n u 
M U 
I4>« 
27* I 

I 84 
GIS 
4o k or r Mr 
I 25 
KeystCon la 
¥ idde W I 7o kiddt" pl? TO 
K>dot> PIS I 
Kidde pfC 4 
* im bC' 7 TO 
9 
K .n q D il 
AO 
I 
K irsch 
9o IS 
K niutR d l l l l 
K nehrin 
SOe a 
K-OH- pl? 75 
Toppers 
9o IO k opp! pf 
4 
R or ar r p 
K ra ft krrjsgeS 
R io **,'er 
25* 
R roger 
I 44 
K ubot.l 
42r l? U RySO* 
AO 
4 k LF E Cp 
IOU L T V C p 
15'» L IV A 
ISI 
Cp pl 
IO 

IO 
34/ 
1oA2 I o1 
8 
TU 
5 
245 
13 IoA9 
JA 

I l l 
9 

A 
7o2 l l 
I 
43 
9 
938 
8, TA? 
84 
• 54 
1oo8 
A 
647 

WW 
VT 16 6466 
" 
U 
9 
I 
479 

Lac O r 
I 66 
I to 
RO 
- 
4o 

Ti 
It ll 
41 
W 
IOU 
7oo5 l l ll 
8 
AO 

I » 
8 *4 /9 
IO' 

 pH 5o n I ,5 * 

43 >* 
12 
UU 
14 k 
15k 
33' 1 
. 
5} 
A k 
44U 
JJU 
W 4 
TSU 

15U 
4 k io u 

5ok 

6 
AVA 
IR I TAR 
I 
4o4 

16k 
9 k , 
IAU • 
29 H , 
48 
, 
SI J 
57' / ' 

14U - 
I?' / ' 

TOU, 
77 . 
» 

78-4 < 
23 
U U - n u 

 ll U , 
■ 

48k , 
45 
U U - 
IS 
- 
34k 
IAU - 
34 
, 
TSU , 
53 
A k 
45 j J ' , 
U U i 
TAU 
23k 
IS' r- 
4*. 
I l k - 
15k 

IS H , l l 

71 
3 5'/ 
97U 
18 k 
36 .- 
72 
19'* 
3 
15k 
21 
1o 
UU 
11 
W U 
37’ / l l ' * 
16' ,- 
?3k 
IV 
51'* 
87k 
9 3k 
95k 
131k 
TS 
28 
33' / ll k 
Ilk n u 
77' 7 
IS s r * 
16- , 
8',, 
14 
14 
35 k 
9 

I k L -b rty L n pf 
33 
L ig q lG p I 5o 
85’ 1 L ig q l p l 
7 
# 
C m v E n I 4? 
31 U L in c N a t I AO 
65 
I , n r N ip ! 
.1 
IS’ n Line Pl I 72a 
I ,Onel 
I? '* L iH o n tn 
IBI 
11' i L fttp tr p l 
16' / Ii* Io n p f 
3 
2o' . L Ilio n p l 
2 
9 k Loc (did 

Sole* 
Na* 
(h<3».l H igh lo w lo v l C h g 
9 
8 
216 
,4o 
16 1777 
8 
822 ll 
7o 
7 
219 
13 3172 
TOI 
14 
39 
3 
743 
U U L o c i Ile 
16 13,119 

V 
34' a 
89 
45* a 
34'. 
67' 7 
W H 
2*4 
ISH 
71 
19 k 
71 U 
IO’ * 
18 
35’ a 
9 '* 
IAU ll 
IV 
SIU 
8 7 k 
93'4 
94 

7 k 
33'. 

43k 
32H 

7’ i 
3 3 H * 
89 
45 
♦ 
3 3 k t 
66- , 
AA1 , * 
W U 
W U 

IH 

U U 
12’ 4 
SU 
T IU 
VU 
SU 
AU 
IO’ a 
IS’ t 
37 
SS 
U U 
1ok l l ' / 
17k 
IS' / 
RU ll u 
46 
14k 
59 
TO 
13k 
15 ' n 
5 1k 
1.1 
6ok 
23 
TAU 
TOU 
TSU 
Ii' 
IV , 
11U 
27U 
18k 
U U 
76 k 
Ak 
JI * 
26 
3 -a f5U 
16 
S I'* 
SI ’n 
24k 
73 
33 
U '« 
29 
33 
W U 
76k 
W1 7 l l '7 l l ' , sr 
SI' 7 
JOU 
27’ * 
23 k 
16 
<*f 4 
7o k 
751 . 
19U 
4o' / l l ' ,- 
29'* 
19k 
31U 
44* / 
91’ 
SHU 
94k 
97' / 
93 k ll' j 
IO 
26 
25 
WU 
17'* 
IU 
31U 
It » 
U U 
23 k 
57IT * 
>3’ , 
I? * 
IS 
29 
16' 7 
77U 

37 
Loews 
I 2o 
A 
888 
8' i lo m a F in 
SO 
9 
395 
14 
L o m M 
/Ie 18 
269 
)9«* Lon S ta r 
I IO 
9 
31o 
IT H L n q ls L I 
I SA 7 
111 
IV-* L l l p lE 
I 35 
/VOO 
85 
L I I 
PH 
5 75 
I 
89 
L U pf JR I? 
/Mf IO 
92' j I IL p lK 
8 3o 
/SO 
ITS' . L l l p fN 
13 
/SM 178 
TAU I I L P IP 
I 43 
53 27'a ll 
I IL p fO 
2 i i 
231 28 
25 
L o m iD r 
48 18 
2oo 77 k 
13 j L o ra lC p 
4o 7 
233 16’ / 
76k L a L a n d 
I 2o IO U IS 28 
14' 4 La P act! 
2ob l l 
1129 16 
25 
LouisG s 
I 9? 9 
163 26 l l ' * lo w e rs ! 
AO 
5,172 
12k 
3o'* l u b r i /o1 I IO 13 
385 
33*. 
15U L u rk y S 
68b 
U 1o7o 
IAU 
TU L u d lo w 
4o 9 
IOT 
8 
25’ * L ukenS t 
I AO 8 
243 34 l l 
L y Res 
4o 12,641 
12 k 
7Vk L v R ts p f 2 SO 
,436 
31’ * 
6 '* L ynC S ys 
3o l l 
193 
9 

M - — \ 
— ( I 

2*. 
U U 
TOU 
39 
TOU 
VU 
17’ J 
33 W 
8H 
15U 
21k 
W U 
49 U 
87 
91 
94 

7 H - 
15 
* io u * 
39U - 
71H * 
IO 
* 
17’ y - 
33' j— 
9V« i 
16 
- 
22 
* 
W U * 
S IU F 
87’ * . 
91 
_ 
94 
127'/ 127U • 
27 
27' a 
77 U 
27 
15’ * 
26k 
U U 
TSU 
U U 
32U 
15*4 
7*4 
33 
I l k 
31 
8 k 

4oa 
1b 
5 
26 H U 
8 
797 38'7 
5 
225 
4 'j 
2o 14,3616 17'* 

17’ 
31', 
SI l f . 
5 
9 
33 

6ob 25 
5 
36 
A 
5o 
7 

IO 
4o 
8 
I 14 
6o 
IO 

1o7 
4o3 
75 
725 
I 
63o 
/IVO 
VOV 
296 
3o4 
- 
47o 
11,2o5 
5*163 

IO-* M tfF ’ X 
.36 , M C A 
4 k M E I 
IS 1, M G IC 
7 '* M a r A F 
IU M a r Don 
5 k M acke 
M a c m ill 
M em , p l I TO 
M a cy 
I Jo 
M a c y p l 
4 25 
M adsFd lie 
M adSqG 
M agi, Cf 
M a llo ry 
??'* MelonF4 
7 '* M a n h ln 
_ 
_ 
36’ , 
M fr Hat) I 9? 
8 U TI 
IO’ 
M A P C O I IO IS 929 
I ? 'j 
M a r,-itM 
12e 
3 714 
SIU M.rr a to I IO 
9 2111 
16' 
M a re m f 
AO 
I 2.3o 
IO 
M ar M>d 
HO W 886 
13’ n M a rio n L 
52 
12,171 
45' * M a rie / I 7o 8 , 2J3 
IO 
M a rr-o* 
2S» I? 2W8 
S3 . M rs h M c L 2 4o 1767o 
IM' j 
M ar sh F 
I 74 l l 447 
23k 
M ar (M a I IO 
I 6J9 
14 
M a ry IC 
1o 17 512 
It 
M rld C u 
66b 
8 
8-1 
2o: , 
Ue-. oCp 
28 12 1339 
IV 
M ason,* I 62 13 111/ 
I?’ , M asM 
I Ile 13,165 
17 k M assy F u 
M asCp 
M as Inc 
M atsu E 
M a tte l 
M a yD S t I 17 
. 
M a ye rO n RO IO 
M a ysJW 
M a y tq I Soe 
Mr Cord 
84 
M r Der 
I 6o 
M r D n ld 
IO 
M r Don D 
5o 
Mr Donn vc 
M c G E d 
I AO 
■ 
Mc O r WH RO l l 2443 
M G H p l 
I TO 
IO 
M i In I y r I .3o/975o 
M f K«e 
9o 
M c L nan 
46 
M r L o u t I 2o 
M c N e il 
BO 
M eadC p 
9? 
49k 
Mea p f A? 8o 
49 k 
M ea pf B? 8o 
77' / M edusa 
I 6o 
. . . . 
?3k M e lv ille 
96 IO 1oo3 
16' / Men ase 
8o 
9 459 
39 
M ere S ir 
8o 
8 ISO 
M e rc k 
I 5o 17 7667 

D U 
36’ * 

 la 
I AO 
96, 
79e 

681 
IST 
3o6 
3o 
1541 
536 
H 
AO 
169 
VO 
13 sn 
A 
427 
■I 1199 
'A 2928 
8 1245 
A 
75 
9 
453 

241 
49 
ITI 
58 
W3o 
16 
59 
15o 

17’ * M e re d ith 
M er r L yn 
M esa Pet 

8o 
5 
55 
8o 
A 2594 
IO 17 1418 
M esP p it AO 
M esab, I 33e 
Mas I a 
I 5oe 
M G M lr 
M e tro m I IO 
M IE pfC 3 9o 
M IF plF 8 I? 
M IE p f GT AB 
M IF p lJ 8 32 
M IE p fl 8 12 
M IE p in s 37 
M i ti Gs I TOb 
8 
M b VV, pf? 67 
M i-vy, p f 2 17 
M ic ro w v 
4o l l 
M d C tl 
I 16 
9 
M id S U l 
I IR 
9 
> M id ln d M 
M -dlR o 
I AO 
I 
M ite s L b I 28 
9 
M i It Br ad 
6o 
22 u M nnG s I 7? 

4o4 
13o6 
23 
523 
647 
/IOO 
/I6o 
/ISO 
Z3o7o no 
/IOO 
I 
BO 
57 
135 
251 
WI 
3135 
65 
’ 
379 
» 
367 
7,3o9 
8 
34 

IV 4 
/ k 
72U 
WU 
St k 
V U 
IS U 
17k 
BKU 
VI' .- io u 
?Hk 
73'* 
I IH 
!7 k 
56 k 
27 

237 
47 
124 
UVA 
45 
94 
J? 
SU I 
438 
281 
473 
73 
331 
14 
19 
Al 

18* ? 
IO' 7 
M U 
73-4 

ITU 
18 
23 k 
24 k 
9 '* 
SIU 
14'* 
U H 
19 
U '. 
IAU 
U U 
2 5k 
JJU 
9 u 
TV 
TSU ll 
29'* ll 
U U 

/ '* 
14k 
26U 

48’ 
M rn M M I 7o 18 2693 
2 o k M rn n P L I 76 
H U M irro A I 
96 
16 > M assnEq 
48 
3 9'* M P acC 
I 8o 
IV a M o P !Ce I 
15'* M nP S v 
1b 
25’ * MOPS p f7 -14 
62 
M o b il 
3 8o 
J U M o b ,,<-H 
14'* M o d e s to 
9o 
S’ * M o h k D ta 
? f , M ob RP 
I TO 
16 
M o i yr p 
I TO 
19’ 
M o ly p f7 5o 
241 , M o n rh 
I 2oa 
I TU M onogr 
28 
9 , M ora F q 
TO 23 3534 
73 • Mon san 7 RO 
R 1R/6 
87’ * M ons pf I IS i 
SS 
M on DU 2 IO 
8 
74U M o n P w 
I 8o IO 
, 
77 
M o n is t I Wa 
, 
IO 
M O N Y 
9 Ae 
IS 
41U M o o re M 
I 
5 
5o> 4 M o rg a n 
7 
21 k M or fcnu I lo 
9 '* M o rse Sh 
SO 
, 
3 '* M tq T rA m i v j M o t N m hr 
43 
M o lo ro la 
84 
B f 7 M i Fuel 
7 
2 4 k M 'S * Tel I rn 
3 37 M a st Tet rt 
I k M u n fo rd 
4o 
SU M u n ld pf IO 
16 
M u n son I OB 
ITH M u r po C I 2o 
??'■» M u rp O il 
8o 
IR U M u rry O I 2o 
16 
M u 'IO m 
I 37 

 t i sol 
WI 
U 
4o8 
5 
325 
1o I96o 
5 
173 
1 i i i 
Si 
KSS 
16 IWS 
11 

V a 
SU 
A' e 
9* 4 
W U 
35' * 
53 
U U 
IOU 
IOU 
IAU 
23 U 
8*4 
4o 
4 5 '. 
H U 
59 
W U 
U U u h 
5 4 k 
IOU 
59 
W U 
24'a 
161 * 
27 U 
21k 
7o*4 
14 
2o 
U U 
U U ll' : 
SU 
TSU 
I t 
3' 7 
JI 
U U sn* 
-16k 
71’ * 
W H 
33 
U U 
28*. 
33 
17*. 
23 'n 
17k n u 
22k 
SIsr 7 
28*4 
7 4k 
23 k 
IO' 7 
59* 4 
W k 
TOH 
34’ , 
36 
IV / 
24' / 
W k 
31U 
12' 7 
87 
87 
92 k 
89 
9o 
IAU 
29 
TSH 
25 
IT 
16'* 
I U 
3ok 
25 U 
17 
23 
54’ a 
2 2 '. 
12 k 
U H 
48nu 
16' . 
2 6k 
TI 
3 k 
16'* 
A k 
22 k 
W k 
5 5k 
26' / u h 
17 
8 ok 
RS' / 
4o 
2 5k 
2?U 
IOU ll sr* 
25 l l 
J U 
TOU 
491 7 

8 '* 
5 
6 
9 k 
18 
33 k 
57’ j 
12U 
IOU 
9 k 
35'* 
27U 
IU 
38 H 
43 
12k 
56k 
W k 
12H 
14' J 
SOU iou 
SAU 
18 k 
23 U 
15k 
TA',, 
2o k 
TOU 
U U 
W U 
17 
IU * 
27k 
5 k 
27 
75'* 
3 
31k 
15’ a 
SO 
4JU 
TOU 
W / 
32 U 
17’ * 
28k 
2 8 k 
16k 
23 
17 
H U 
21U 
55k 
55k nu 
I V , 
IT 7 
39se 
IT H 
19 
37 k 
34’ * 
IOU 
23H nu 
29U 
4?’ , 
87 
8 1 k 
9o 
89 
89 
15k 
28'* 
TSU 
73' .- 
IAU 
16' 4 
I* ? 
29U 
25' 9 n u 
77** 
52 
2 1 k 
12** 
IAU 
44U nu i f , is u 
A V * 
TU 
IS' 7 
SU l l u 
4 5'* 
54 
I t 
Ii 
9 * 4 
7 6k 
87 
I V / 
2 4 k 
I T * 
IOU 
45 
5 ok 
24' 7 

28 
27 H- - 
ISH n u * 
15U ♦ 
25 *. - 
12 f 
3 2 '* - 
16 
- 
IU * 
33 
- 
IT H f 
3 1 k t 
8 k 

IU * * 
3 8 k » 
4 U 
IS H 
8 U » 
S H * 
A 
- 
9 k f 
18 
3 4 k . 
53 t 
13 
* 
IOU 
IOU . 
35U 
23’ . * 
S H • 
39 
45’ 4 * 
1 2 '. - 
57’ * 4 
W U - 
12k 
U H 
54' 4 . 
IO '* 4 
58’ * 4 
W U * 
24U ‘ 
IS ’ . - 
26 U 
21 
. 
2o' v t 
14 
4 
IV / 4 
U U - l l * * 
2 2*** 
5*4 4 
27 
- 

IU 

Stock Sym bols 

Sale*, liqunes a re unoH lciat 
U n le s s o th e rw is e no*ed r a te s o fd iv id e n d s m th e to re go,na table a re annual d isbursem ents base-d on tbefa-st q u a rte rly or sem i annual d e c la ra tio n 
Special or e x tra dividends or paym ents not designated as re g u la r a re id en tifie d in the follow ing footnotes ‘ a 
Also e x tra or e xtra s b 
Annual ra te plus slo e* d ividend c 
-L iq uida ting d ivid en d e -D e c la re d or paid rn preceding 
I? m onths , 
D e da re d or parda tfe rsto ck d iv id e n d o s p lito p i 
P a id th is y e a r .d iv ld e n d o m ,fle d , d ete rre d or no action taken af last d ivid e n d m e e ting 
R 
D e cla re d o r paid th is ye ar, an a c c u m u la tiv e issue 
With d ivid e n d s,n a rre a rb n 
New issue r 
D e cla re d or o a id in p re c e d in q !2 m o n th s p iu s s to c k d lv id e n d t 
-Pard in stock in p re ced in g ’ ? m onths, e stim a 'e d cash value nn ex d iv id e n d o r e , d is trib u tio n date 
, 
E x d ivid en d or e , rig h ts y £ , d iv id e n d and sales ,n lu ll 
/ 
Sales rn fu ll cid 
Caned wd 
When d is trib u te d w ’ 
W hen issued a w 
(Ai,th w a rra n ts 
«w 
W ithout w a rra n ts x d is — E x d is trib u tio n 
VI in b a n kru p tcy o rre c e iv e rs h ip o rb e in g re o rg a n i/e d under the B a n k ru p tc y Act, o r s e cu ritie s assum ed by such com panies 
W here a sp ilt or stock d iv id e n d a m o un ting lo 25 per ant or m ore has been paid the y e a r’s high lo w range and d iv id e n d are shown tor the new stock o n ly 

25'» 
1 „ 
3 H • 
14 
JI* 7 • 
’ a 
15’ * . 
SOk 
44' 4 4 u 
71**4 
19 
U 

3 2 k • 
17** 
’ * 
7 8k . 
' a 
37' / 4 
3 k 
IT* / . 
I 
23 
- 
U 
17k n u 
72 
. 
’ « 
5 6 k 4 l k 
5 7 k * 
2 
28' » 
’ a 
73** 
H 
234. * l k 
39 
- 
I ' . 
58 
, t 
18 
- 
14 
19' 4 - 
* / 
33 
- 
34 U 
) ; l l 
* 
, x 
74’ 7 * 
'* 
19' 4 * l k 
3o' / * 
I* / 
4 2 k * 
87 
* J 

81' 7 ~ 
4 k 
9 2 k - 
89 
4 
, 4 
9o 
4 
I 
W k . 
U 
79 
* 

9 
M y e rs 
33 . NCP 
W U NL (bd 
NL I 
N V F 
Nab, st.. 
N alcoC h 
N a rc o Sc, 
N dsbuaC 
N at A ir I 
N A v ,a 
N atC an 
NCan p fl 5o 
N tC h em 
IR l l 
N IC ity L 
45e 
7 
N a iD e tr I 5? 
A 
N a tD iS l 
I 6o 
7 
N O ,st pf4 TS 
N a tF G 
2 16 
A 
N IE O pt I JO 
N a fG y p I OS IO 

AR 
43 u n 
5o 
■ IW 
IO 35 
516 
_ 
BO 
1o*5o26 37 
1 TO 
9 JA/I 
?3 
76 
I 17o5 
2 45! 
7 
124 
2 52 IO 
W7 

43’ 
I P 
456 
T4 7 
24k 
4717 7 37 I 32 
111 
9 
SU 
6’ a 

WH 
TRH 
23 k 
16k 
17’ a 

96 15 
Af) 
8 
68 
9 
5o 2o 
Ile 
51 t 

SI 
46 
IS 
I ll 
1 

IS' 
15 
13’ 
75 
72' 
IV 
IR 
TO’ - 
19 
251 
Ti 
21 ll 
23'* 
IV 
16 
IS' ll)/ 
1o4 
I l k 
29 • 
,« 
13 ll 
27’ 
16 
IT' 
1o1 
■79 
IS 

 it 
97* aa 
IS U 
14 
4o 
)/ 
IT 
IR 
46 
IT' 
IR 
45 
56 
53 
59 
SI 
69 
66 
121 
HS’ 
IU 
11o 
RT U 
84 
Cl ll i l k 
27' 

13 
28 

I o4 
I OR so 

I 
A 

N a tifo e 
N ut Iud 
» 
4 
N fln d p i I 25 
N M -lC r 
I Se l l 
N M -HF 
4o 
A 
N M me i v 
SO 14 
N a tP rs to 
N 'V m n tf Svc in d 
N Stand 
N S tarc 
N .ilis n 
N a' 
I r a 
N a to m a I 4o 
I 
N e ptune 
SO IO 
Nev P w 
I » 
S 
N e vP p l ’ Au 
N, vP pf I 74 
Nev V pf? 3o 
N a , P p l I VS 
N E n q E i I RA 
NE DGE 
I 16 
N L G p tV RO 
N E n P p l? It 
N E n gT 
J IS 
’ SEO 2 IO 

 l l k 
7 k 
48 
I? 'n 
IS 
W U 
17k 
15' / 
W k 
75 *4 
W’ 7 
9U 
27’ . 
7Sk 
TIU 
? 8k ll 
IAU 
4U 

N Y 
N Y SF p l 3 TS 
N YSE p l 8 HO 
N Y S ! p f? I? 
N e w h a ll 
SA l l 
N f-yym l 
I 8a 15 
Rf Wm I p f 4 SO 
N m M P 
I 24 
9 
N .a M p f 
I 4o 
N.aAApf I to 
N m M p t 
IVO 
N m M pt 
4 IO 
N -.tM p f 
IRS 
N 1 a M p f S IS 
N -a M p f A IO 
N m M p * l l TS 
N - a M p f 
IO AO 
N m M p l 1 I? 
N aq Shy 
9 /. 
N-< Or 
I l l 
N a a r pf I 9o 
N o r!A h I t i 

I IR 
86 
747 
39o 
IVA 
131 
V I r n 
1os 
TAJ 
AIV 
/VO 
A4 
I S3 
5o4 
T6? 
742 
1o 
SA/ 
71/ 
175 
119 
17 1S45 
8 
3S9 
8 
47 l l 
46 
IO 1o42 
42 
4oo8 
134 
1o9 
/45o 
/65o 
/411o 
11 
9 
517 
8 
1J7 k i l o 1o4 
17 
JO 
9 
IO) 
14 
8 
964 
TH 
/RO 
46 
118o IOO 

6 
IAU 
W U 
2 /U 
2?<« 
16 n u 
35' * i t u 
J IH 
I' .- 
4 7k 
J I’ 7 
IT H 
17 U l l ' / 
U U 
IJ H 
2 5 '. 
17’ / 
BU 
TAU 
2 4'* nu l l ' , l f 7 
IAU 
4' t tu 
IJ H 
2o'* 
U ' / 
T IU 
5 1 k 
W k 
U H 
W 
48 

2 5 f 
7 3 **-- 
) 6 '» - 
1 6'* 
I* j - 
JO 
F 
25*. 
17 
* 
22’ » - 
53U 4 
71 U 
12*. 
I T H ♦ 
47**4 
27 U 
1 6 k f 
26' / 4 
A 9 k f 
3 
- 
I A H 4 
S U 
7 7 k 4 
46 
- 
54 
2 6 k F 
14' « 
IO 
- 
/9 'n 4 
8 8' 7 4 
39 >4 
25 * 4 
22' a 
1o k 
46 k 4 
51 
- 
74*. 
IO z 4 
3 k * 
2 o k • 
49 
• 
42U • 
74’ / 4 
3 16 
8 U - 
6 
IT 
4 
W k . 
2 8 k 4 
2 3 k * 
16 
- 
I I H 4 
JA ’ a 4 
IT a 
21U 
I U n u 
JI'** 
VI'. 
17' / - 
H H 
1 5 '. 4 
H U ­ 
TS’ / 
IR t 
VU . 
76*4 
24 U 
T I U * 
7 7 k 
I t ' , 4 
IA U . 

Y corly 
S o h ) 
N et 
Miqh lo w 
( h d tJ H igh Low 
U lt! Cho 
99' 7 *98 
O” Ed pf8 64 
/391o 
99* / 
98 7 
98 k * 
, , 
113' / 
HO 
O hFd pUO 18 
/SSO 113 
111’ ; 
113 
4 
V / 
116 / 
IU 
O he d PHO 76 
/ 3oo 
115 
115 
115 
- 
14 
VI' / 
87 k 
O h P * p ts Of 
/JO 
9) 
91 
VI 
87 
8 3 k 
O P * P IO ' 6o 
125 
RAU 
84 
85 
- u 
8’ 
83’ ; O Pw P IC ' AO 
/?o 
8 4 k 
BAU 
8 4 k 4 
2*4 
131' 
178 
O P * PIA 14 
/SAO 129'7 
178 
1 2 9 k * 
) 4 
131' j 
178 
OPw p l! l l 
/SAO ITS’ * 
128 
128'4 - 
14 
91 . 
V I'* O P * PIES 4* 
/SO 
93 
93 
93 
- 
1 J 
9o 
HAH OPw p ir n it 
/TO 
86 
86 
86 
- 
I w u 
W 
OK laG F I 48 IO 
RRS 
W U 
W U 
W U ii k 
!o k 
OKIGE p l ISO 
/SAO l l ' * 
H U 
I l k * 
' 1 4 
4?U 
34 u 
O kiaN G 
2 
/ 
357 
4o1 * 
IV 
19 U • in 
32'« 
38U O lm C p 
I 'RT 
/ 
2o8 
4 2 k 
-IOU 
41**4 
1*4 
37' / 
34 k 
OI in K rlt I IO 
9 
186 
3 7 k 
36 H 
37 k * 
16 4 
MN. O m a r. 
77 
9 
3o9 
16 
15U 
15*4 - 
>9 
TOU 
IT’ 
One, do 
84 
8 
WO 
W H 
1 8k 
W k F 
U U 
13 
Opel, Ha 
81 
/ 
69 
IJ H 
13 
13*4* 
*6’ 7 
14 U Or an RF I 36 
8 
ISO 
ISH 
ISH 
15 *4 * 
1o'„ 
7> * O range 
2ob 15 
353 
8 k 
7 '* 
Z U ­ 
1 4 
77). 
2 4 'a O ut M ar 
I 4o 
/ 
116 
26 U 
25' / 
ZA'* * 
I 
2-lU 
17 >4 O utletCo 
8o 
8 
1o5 
TAU 
23 
23' a - 
23U 
19'a O vprm lT 
9o 
I 
IS 
TOU 
W U 
2o 
- 
1 a 
29’ 7 
7? 
O ver Sh 
3ob 
/ 
3o8 
2 /U 
26* o 
26' * - 
69 
58 
OwenCn 
I 
U 
698 
69 
AAU 
68 U * 
4*4 
SAU 
SI 
O w p n lll 7 12 
8 
753 
SAH 
SAU 
5 6 k 4 
I . 
86 
8 4 k 
Own 11 pf 
4 
I 
86 
RA 
86 
* 
\ >4 
91 , 
85' / O w n!! pf4 75 
32 
91' 7 
VO 
9o 
- 
28 
2o 
O .trd W d it 
7 
69 
28 l l ' . 
77 k * 
<4 

58' 
9 ’ 
14' 
24' 
TO 
39 
29 
2 -ik 
W k 
8? 
W H 
8 k 
15 k 
12k 
I U 

19 1. 
16 >. 
71U 
5V / 
JI'* 
It 7 
16k 
W / 
2? 'n 
TSU 
A 
ST k 
IS 
IT 7 
55 
SA 
1o2' / 
97 
1o8 
116 
133’ / 
97' / 
99 .. 
U U 
SI l f ' * 
IS *4 
41 k 
VR l l ' * 
5o' 7 
RO’ i 
21 U 
32’ 
1 7 '/ 
17k 
U U ll 
THU 
29 
TV . 
41k 
(B k 

P 
- Q 
- K 
8 
P N B 
4o 
1 8 
8 7 
8 k 
49 / PPC. 
7 TO 8 
1o51 SA' 7 
7 k PSA 
28o 
8 a 
14k Pac AS 
I ll 
193 U H 
* l l 
Par GE 
2 
8 , 4875 7 lk 
W U Par L iq 
I 
68 7 
AVO W U a 
37U Par I m 
I 
IO *4 
JAS 34 U 
Pac P f! 
86 9 
231 TR 
Pac P w I 8o 9,2157 23 
. Pac TT 
I 4o 
. 
J Pac T T pl 6 a Pac Tin 
8o ll 
* Paine A 
4Sc- 
3 
PaiW pf 1 JO 
/ P alm Be 
SO 
5 a Pam da 
I? 
A 
H PanAm 
P a n t P 
* P aprcft 
* F’ arqas 

7 m non lb 

322 l l RO 
55 
354 
58 
281 
758 
138o 
91o 
366 
31o 
I 
15o 
66 
59 

44 
SO' z 
SI 
53' 1 
84 
99' , 
9o’ a 
IoS 
89 a 
87' / 
I / ’ a 
Al H 
8 U 
1 3 k 
6 6 k n u 
27k 
18' / 

9 
3’ 
1 1 
13 
13' 
16' 
_ 
12', P arti pl? 6-1 
79 k P ark Dr 
1oe 
U k Par Han I 2o 
14' i P arkP en 
48 
» 
11 
P a 'rk P I ISI 18 4117 
1 9 
Paylsnw 2 6o R 
1o1 
71 
Peabody 
2o 
13 1737 
4 U Prat Dix 
24b 
137 
4ou Penney 
1 28 l l 29o3 
AR ’ , PaCo pl -I 62 
1 
7o k P aP w L I I 8o 
SI 
Pa PL p l 4 4o 
SI 
P a n t 
PU SO 
97’ , PaPL PIR AO 
93 
P .,P l plR 4o 
1o4' / PaPL p tv 74 
111 
PaPL pi l l 
128 
PaPL pf ll 
8 7 k PaPL pt 
8 
95' / PaPL pf8 »o 
31U Penn w it I 8o 
IO 
48 
Penwl pf 2 5o 
25 
Penwl p l I 6o 
J IH P enn/ol I IO 
I l l 
Penn/ p ll 33 
93 
P enn/ p i BR 
8 *. PeopDrq 
2o 
4 4 k PPCipGs 3 4o 
68 
PepsiCo 2 IO 
13 1549 
IT H Per k E I rn 
J? 
15 922 
JOU P etln c 
I AO 
8 
16' / Pet Inc Pl RO 
16k P e tln c pi I 
H H Peter Pl 
BOn 
8 
69 
P aine 
2a 
25' 7 P etrolan l l 
24 k P e trlm 2 Ale 
7 6 '* P fizer 
96 ii' 7 P helpD 
I 2o 17 1384 
IT H P h ila E I I 64 
9 1113 
41 
P hilE pl-3 8o 
17 
F’b ilF pf4 3o 
18 
P hilE p!4 4o 
5 1 k Phi IF pl 4 AR 
8o .- P h ilf p l 
I 
94 
P hilE PIS IS 
■ 
84 U PhilE p l/ 85 
1o1 
P hiIE p l9 5o 
> 
8 3 k PhiIF pl7 8o 
84 
P l,,IE p l / 75 
. 
IS H P h il, Sub 
88 
______ 
53' 
Pl,, I M or I JO 17 3258 
A' 
P h .lln d 
OSe IO 
719 l l *. P hil led pf 
IS 
SA -• P h ilip p i 
7 l l 7628 
1ok P h illV n H 
6o 
8 
55 
16' .4 P ickw ick I 89 l l 795 
16' 7 PieclNG I 44 
7 l l 
A',- P ie r I 
o y- 
8 
2o9 

W U 
78k l l * . 
ZU 
U U 
U 
4’ n 
■IU 
14'-* 
IAH 
1 8 ', 
44 

8 k 
54 
I U 
U U n u 
W H 
32*. 
27H ll k 
1 7 '. 
77 k 
13 
TU 
14 l l ' . 
J U 
4 1 a 
4 3 k 
15k 
IT H 
44 

8 k + 
SA** ‘ 
TU ­ 
IA1 7 4 
2 3 k - 
W ’ *» 
3 3 k * 
77’ * . 
2 7 U - 
1 7H — l l ' 7 * 
O '* 
T U . 
U U 4 
I I H ♦ 
4 
4 U - 
I A U 4 
IA U . 
I T U - 

522 
ISO 

 l i m 
111 
6 
42 
o44 

35 
35 
1A1 ? 
16' z 
TOU 
25'a 
SU 
A IU 
15 
21** 
52H 
/AVO 
SJH 
/STO IOO 
/ 4IO 
95 
/AO 1o6 
__ 
/TOIO 117U 111 
/BIO H I 
179 
ZUO 
8 8 / 
9 7 '* 
34'* 
5V / 
26U 
JJU 
47' / 
9 5 k 
VU 
16 . 
/3 k 
W U 
31U 
17' 4 
16’ 7 nu ii 
TRU 
TSU 
TRU 
35 k 
I7 H 
44 
SO' J 
49 
53 
8 2 'i 
99 
. . 
87 H 
ITA K U H 1o4 
/UTO 
89' a 
RS 
87' / 
V U 
SA' 

/132o 
8 
IO? 
7 
8/7 

573 
6 
V 
8 
63 
15,281 
9 
388 
SI 
13 IHS 

12oo 
/TTO 
155o 
/9o 
/so 
Z45o 
/18o 

/ITO 
8 
332 

3JH 
34'« 
16 
U U 
W k 
73H 
AH 
4 o k 
75 
TOU 
STH 
52 
97' / 
9 4 k 
1o6 

8 7 k 
9 5 k 
34' . 
5 o k 
254. 
32 U 
42 
94' 7 
8 * 4 
*6' 4 
I T . n u 
3V » 
V U 
IA U 
12'* 
TSU 
TTH 
25 
28 
34'* 
V U 
43 
49 
W 7 
SI 
Bl 
VR 
87 k 

37'* P ills b ry I Ie I? 1413 
P.oner 
I 41 
R 
46o 
P .o n e rE i 
13 
69 
P itney B 
8o 
17 3493 
OOI, 
I 
41 la 
V 
9 

IS’ 
U 
22 
18' 
IV' 
24- 
21' 
I I * 
16' 
1o4 

6 
24 tot 

I 1547 
/TOO 
111O 
/AO 
/JOO 
/TOO 
I . 
/4o . SV 
/2/RO 
A V . 
/SIO IW / 
/SOI IT / 
/JAO 
RSU 

54k 

1o3 

Y 
4’ 
4 !' 
73 
AV 

44* 
21 > 
VB 
146 
26 
12' 
27' 

. 
. 
I 
Ne, 
N o m s , 
Ne A Coal 
N o A M ty 
Ne A Fhif 
HOC A r 
No O -A ir 
Not-yt U* 
N I bd PS 
N or N 
No NL 
NON-, 
No NC ^ . . . 
Nu S' FU. 
I Vt 
N S P * pf J AO 
N S O * p f l IO 
N SPw p l4 ll 
N S I'a- p f ! SA 
NS P w p f6 RO 
N S P w p l* RO 
NSPw p l 
I 
1 N o rte ! 
A 4 
» N o rth g a te 
■ N or I n rp 

VO IO 

I SO 

 pts so p is 8o 

 ii 
.sn 
.4o 
1594 
63 
IMT 
IR 
JOB 
HO 
/ 
2o5 
A 
521 
85 
8 VSI 
/ 1927 
I 2547 vW 
¥ I FO y6o 
9 
9o9 
/JIO 
/ KXI mo 

 n u 
TV . 
28 k 
JJU 
IV a 
4V „ 
TS 
55k 
4' 7 
34' . 
JU 
I i 
H U 
WU 
4 /H 
VSk 
93 
BA 
28*. 
45 
SI 
SI 
St 
85 

TV’ * 
3 3 '. 
TTH 
46 
99 
TAU 
IT 
27’ , 
RR 
14’ . 
37 
SVU 
42 7 
46 / 
53 
59 
AH 
I V 
H I 
85* 

14 
TOU 
14 
, 
7 3'* , 
52 , , 
19 / , 
U '» 
W U - 
48k 
4 3 k - 
AU 
FAU 
15 
- 
7 7 k - 
W k 
W k 
74 U 
71 U 
22 
16 a > 
1o4' , . 
3o' , , 
33*. 
TSU 

2ok 
HA’ 7 
TV k s r i 
16 
44 
53 
19 
Al k ti 
13 ’ n 
V U 
93 a 
12 
J?' J 
19 
TA ■ 
3 IU 
46 
13k 
14k 
WA 
TI k 
3o* / 
74 
24’ / 
V - 
5o 
SO 
54 
Al / 
63' a 
25 U 
82’ 4 
28k n o 7 
VI , 
VI . 
96 
VI 
9ok 

33* 
14' 
IS' 
WL 
31' l l ' 1 
3’ , 

IO’ ! 
15k 
17'. 
A 
17 k 
TO­ 

P P !! rg 
P ,I Isle 
P ,//u H f 
P lanP sc 
Pfdybdy 
Pl essey 
Pneumo 
F*oiaro,d 
Pondrosa 
FY>pe Ta’ 
Porter 

4o 

P ort GE 
1 to 
PorG p i l l 5o 
PorG p l I AO 
P otitch 
RA I? 
U U Pot,n E l I 28 9 
FO 
Pet El pl? 44 
SO' . 
PotEI p!4 5o 
16 k 
PptEI pf 4 o4 
SI 
PotEI p ts 46 
SS*. 
PotEI pl5 SO 
I? 
P re m ie r 
»8 
IAH 
P re-nr p l 9o 
»? 
81 
P ro k rG 2 AO 15 1177 
ProdP'-h 
48 
o 
85 
P ro ler 
I AO 
8 
5? 
PSvCol 
I 46 
9 
644 
PSCoi p i 7 IO 
F'Svc In 
I 97 
PS Ind pt s SO 
PSInd pf I o4 
F’ Slnd p tl OH 
PSInd PIS 57 
PSvNH 
I 88 
PSNH d !7 75 

H O ­ 

IT 

29 

I'* 
IT 7 tO'. l l 
WU 
V U 
TU 
18-4 
JA' a 
IS '* 
2o 
73' 4 
37U n u 
SU 
8’ . 
H U 
W k 
36' 7 
7 k 
W k 
? 4 k 
9 
787 
TOH 
/UTO 115 k l l 
29 ta 
41J 
3 7 k 

4551 
IVO 
164 
48? ll U 
77e 
7 
58 
I 
S 
SOO 
SO 14 2729 
9 
532 
8o ll 
111 
8o U 
14? 

1618 
2o 
/ 539o 
/IV O 
751o 
/WO 

IS H 
43 
57' t 
It 7 
SI 7 
SVU 
IJ H 
IAU 
BJ’ . 
12 
I?' / 
W k 
TSU 
TSU 
44 7 
13’ / 
14 

18' 
PSNH p t7 75 
T 
I P SvN M I SA 
21' / PSvEG 
I RO 
PSEC p tl AO 

IU 

78 k 
JOU 
W a 
18 
24 
5 2 k 
4 
3? / 
3 H 
IU 
IO '. 
V U lf, 4 
A ik 
93 
Bs k 
2 8k 
44 
SO 
SO 
SA 
RS 
1o5 

24' 
V , 
78' 
RH 
IAN 
17 
39' , 
IT , l f 
SS 
59 
68 
I V , 
11) 
85', 
I l k 
78', 
28k l l , 

45' 
IR 
SO 
58 
*o 
74* 
79 l f 
111' 
89 
891 
BV 

JI 
I U if 
7 
72 
2* 
A1 no 

PSEC p f 4 o8 
PSEC p*4 W 
P SF G p l 4 IO 
PS EG p l SOS 
PSEC PIS 78 
PSFG pf7 V 
PSEC PIA RO 
PSEC PH 43 
PSE p l 17 IS 
PS ELG p l/ 7o 
PSE G p H BO 
PSEC, plR OR 
PSEC p l / 57 
P S F ', p f AO 
PSE Ct p*» 62 
1 P u h i, ke r 
P ue b lo 
P W O ,- 
P ugs*’ 

9 
782 
/JO 
/AJO 
/329o 
_ 
/IOO ICA 
8 
279 
TOH 
/ORO 
1o 
ITV 
8 HOI l l 
/JOO i s m 
/JAO 
ZSIOO 
/ISO 
TO 
ISO l l 
/JI2o 111 toto 9o 
44o 
97 
/U o 
91 
/MOO 
HR too 
RA 
/TRO IO? 
/ I 
5 
212 

79 . 
22 
77k 
IA U 
48 
SO 
52 to 
61’ , 
25k 
RO 
2 /U 

2 AO IO 
I 32 I) 
I OR 
9 

71o 
5S3 
I ,6 
I 19 
12o4 

P u n 
Pued n f a 
P u ro itr 
I 17 
8 
O naKOd' 
9? 
1 
OueO pl 
J 
OunO p iv 56 
QuaMSiO 
Tm U 
D u an e , 
I 2o 
I 
SR 
Questor 
IO* 
9 
IV 
U U 
I TO l l 8o3/ 
KC A pl 
3 5o m o 
KC 6 p l 
I 
65 
K i t 
TH l l t i 
B a i-,Pur 
4o 13 72oR 

3 H 
J k 
37 k 
35 

86k 
IA U 
54*. 
A k 
12k 
57H 
IO' I 
19' 7 
16' / 
TU 
37*. 
33-a 
IA H 
IT H 
72 
34' .• 
71' / 
3H 
8 k l l 
17*4 
34 -4 
AH 
IS H 
23' z 
IO 4 
IU 
28 U 
» k 
15 U 
47’ J 
51 
46' 4 
57 
58' » 
12*. 
I A U 
82k 
Ilk 
3ok 
I 7 U 
74 U n u 
44 
13k 
I J H 
1o6 
TOU 
28 H 
J I H 
21H 
I A H 
47’ 7 
49 I* 
5 o k 
59 
6o 
25 
RO 
7 7 k 
126 
9o 
9oU 
91 U 
8 /' / 
RA 
1o5' / 
A H 
J U 
3H 
37*. 
34 
IB '* 

44 
— 
J J U - 
35 U 4 
16 
- 
I S ' * . 
2o 
- 
2 5 'bf 
A U 
4o' / — 
75 
+ 
2 1 k 
57*. 
57 
- 
IOO 
♦ 
94' t - 
1o6 
— 
M I 
13ok f 
8 7 k - 
96 
- 
34*. F 
S P 7 
26' • F 
M U 
4 7 k f 
95'-/ F 
A 
- 
A A H 4 n u f 
18 
* 
3 1 k - 
1 1', F 
1 6 /4 
12’ . l f , 4 
78 
4 
T S H * 
28' / + 
35** F 
1 7k F 
44 
* 
5 o k . 
4 8 k - 
53 
F 
Bl 
- 
98 
8 7 k 
1o4H . 
89‘ * 4 
8 6 k - 
V 
. 4 
SSH * 
A U - 
II* / 
59’ a 4 
1oJ* 4 
W U . 
I A H * 
TU 
38'* 4 
J 3 k - 
15*. ‘ 
W U 4 
7 3k 4 
JA' / 4 
2 1 k - 
3*. 
8 k l l * . 4 
17*4 
344. - 
A H 
I 9 * » * 
23 U 
T O H ! 
I U ' / 4 
29 U . 
37 
4 
IS H - 
43 
SI 
- i f 7 
SI 
- 
SI' j— 
U U . 
I A H . 
S J H 4 
I I H 
32' i f l l 
~ 
25 k a u ­ 

 s u 

 u 
IU 

/IO IU 
1o8 
IV ’■ 

7 2 '. 
VU 

AF 
9 

U / 
13 U 
71k 
AO*. 
TOU 
J*. 
17 k 
72 k 
IV' j 

Ffamada 
OAe 
IV 
K ancoln 
K ap id A m 
Wap A p f 
J 
F/.tybm I SCH, 
A 
_ 
I 
I 2o IO 
/a y n .n rj 
Way inn 
We al Bat 
Rf) 

HIME! pf 
WeltnGp 
We,Op pl 
We!Od pl 
Wet In pf I 
, W epubCp 
WepF m s 
W epMtsj 
W.-PS* 
Wt^)T, 

ASA 
AFT 
ITF 
7 
69 
759 
SS9 
83) 
JU 

 l l 
SIJ 
29 
581 

UA 
IV l l 
I AO 
I A* 
I 
2o 
TF IS 

/IM O IOT' 
„ 
„ 

/ ‘ K B I i; - . I U 
S ' . ; : 

 is , 
TA' 4 

N w -1 A ri 

9o 
U t 
1 
8 1166 
SO IO 16o8 
N w ’ Bnc 192 16 
N w iE n r 
2 
N w fE ar ct t 
N w t m d 
2 TS 
N w sH nd wt 
N w t In pf I TO 
N w tln p l 
S 
N w t P pf? SO 
N w M L te 
Ie 
V 

W5 
TOO 
I) 
1394 

 i i 
49 k 
? 4k 
53 k 
IS' 1 
35 

I SO 
I 
Nw* si MV I 2o I? 
Nor 
Nor 
Nor Sun 
4ob 
N om s pf I 4o s. 
I TO 
6 

 br t v Cl 
'b e l v t 

92 
17 
IS9 
A 
1688 
88 
355 
_ 
- 
H I 
O ak in d 
SO IS TITS p i I IS 
ISI eP 
I IO 
SI 
,(3Pel 
I IO idP et w* iP p l? 16 
IP p l 3 AO iP pf 
4 
■P pl? 

— 
U ' l l 118' 
I 159 l i t 

Nt 

O ak, 

O r! 

13 

IW V 
1658 
14' 
58 
4J ’ 
HA 
»/ 
153 
85- 

19 
O ' 

I 'Kl 
6 m p l I 87 o ftd 
I /o 9 
O f'E d p !J 9o 
O k I ■ 1 ca 4 4o 
Ot>Ea p!4 44 
Or- F d pf 1 56 
O pe d p*» 24 
O U 1 pl ' IR 
Q t'fc'J PIR KS 

189 
JO? 
IT 
I J44o 
/AO 
I i AO 
/JOO 
/ KISO 
/AJO 
/IOO 
/U fo 

TAU 
78 
42 k 
2o 
AS 
54 
63 
5 lk 
84 
BJ 
64' / 

5 
47H 
73*. 
5 7 k 
34 4 
34*. 
5o*4 
TI 
115 
159 
26 . 
17’ . n u 
35' , 
35'. 
V 1 
SHU 
15n u 
15' / 
34*, 
16 
TA 
11U 
42 
84 
• I ' / 
TAU n u 
A l*. 
W k 
45 
51 
52 
52 
83 l l 
9 2H 

$* n u 
24 
53 U , 
U U 
35 
53 k 
29 
, 
H A H 
159 
, 
TAU 
13 
. 
7 7 k 

35 k l f ' / 
4) 
TAH l f . 
JOU 

U U , 
4 J U - l l 
84 / . 
U U 1 
V U 
I}' I I 
W u 
45 
53 
63 
52 
84 
SI 
»J /. 

Pf 2 p l 2 
In 
3 pl? 25 

4/7 
1736 
838 
‘-4 4 497 
15 UTO 
I 
187 
7 
AIV 
I 
13 
9 1496 s i 

11 
JU 
7? 
TU i i 
J IH 
TI U 
57' / 
IV '. 
JU 
H U l l - . 
W U 
9' 1 
34’ / 
95 
W H 
IT / 
29 

8 '. 
V U 
1H 
34 
37U 
W H nu 
IS H 
4o' . 
H U 
W U 

W eyMef ! 2o to 282o i i yM p!4 dim Se 
Aba 
49 
IRO 
IO' 

W itt, M er 
IO 
W) / P, rin d 
I 
Riegel f I JO 
W -oGran 
TO IO 
W>oG> pl RO 
W,P A id 
24 l l 
P o o k . w I IO IO 
Wobr tsn I SO 
6 
M 

( 
1 i a is* 

? Ob,,is 
I? 
I TRP p l 11 

9 1o47 
9 /AOR 
H I 
356 
48o 
774 
4J) 

 n j 

T a u 
23 . 
W H 
TSH 
IIH 
• 5 '. 
74* 7 
IV * 
U U 

I l l l l '* 
64' . n j 
V / 
27 
6 / 
28 H 
IS 
TO 
A’ / 
ISH 
I H 
W H 
A k 
JO '. 
JOH 
W 
SS*. 
I I ' / 
J 
H U 
IT 7 
IT *. 
V U 

AO * 
W H 
17 
V U l l • 
8 . 
16*. 
I * . 
)J / n u v 
21H 
IJH 
I l k 
IO *. s r, 
AM 
57 
ATU 

FOH 

1o 
14* > 
U U 
TOU 
IS 
11 
IS 
U H 
72k 
U U nu i f , in 

 aa i l k f 
14 
4 
1o6 
. 
2oH 4 
TA'* - l i b r ­ is k 
• A ' e ♦ a f 
49 k 4 
5 o k 
U N ) 
A l k . 
TSU 
8o 
4- 
27' / . 
I V 
9 o '. 4 
V V . . 
91U 4 
88 
. 
SAU 
IGA' / 
4 '. 
3' / . 
3H 
M U 
JAH . 
W U - 
I 
2 7 k 
? ? '. 4 
AAU . 
I U 
4 
W U 4 n u 
6 H ♦ 
29' , 4 
46 
. 
72k * 
9 H 
IV 7 
SU 
21 
. 
A k l l f 
JOH * 
TI 
4 
5* 
- 
IO U — 
J U . 
I l k * 
22’ / 
V U 
9 ’ > . 
JA' v . 
94 '* * nu 
17 
4 
TRH . 
V ' a - 
O' 4 
IA U 
I k 
J J U . 
37 
I T U 
77 
. 
15 
. 
W k . 
U U * 
3 8 k 4 
A9' / 4 
58 
♦ t i ' , 
I l k . 
42' / . 
A lk • 
IO 
1 4 k - 
2 4 k . 
TOH 
IA H 
77 k 
W H 
W e *. 
24 f 
TI . . 
UH 
I I . 
IV - , . l l ' 4 4 

TIA 
IVOO 

Wubb- 
FR 13 
7k 
R 

IAU 

 w /d e r 5 
IO, 
I 

SC A 
Svr 
SC ML p 
SCSC un 
Sabine 
S atgdln 
■ SaP-w iy I 2o 
Saw., C f la 
StJ<-M m 1 JO 

8o 
5o 
5o 
o9c 

 t i t 
SI 
89 
’l l 
12o5 
HS 
'OI 

IS 
1o*4 
U U 

3*» 
T i1 a 
U U 
75 k 
5 *. 
U U i v . 
W H 

3 U - 
T IU 
15 
* 
25 k 
S U * l l n u 
41 * . 4 

I u n tu r n e d o n I’a K f 

C o m p l o t * 
* n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i m o s 
American stocks 

E x t r u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

A 
B 
C 
NE W Y O R K 'A P ) 
Trading tor the week in A m e ric a n 
S tork F i r hafter? issues 

Y eorly 
H ig h 
Low 
A U 
S U A 
E.PIs l l ' , 
9' / A AR Cpi 
3o 
SH 
4 H AAVCOS 
32 
V s 
I 'n APSInc 
3o 
I ?1 / 
IO'# A SPRO 
SA l u l l 16 A T I 
Int 
I I ’ b 
9 U AVO Cp 
4o 
I? ’ 
7 
I ' , 
J' / 
9 U 
I ' i 
S' 8 
16 8 
I 'n 
IO ’ n 
7'4 
4 'n o u 

6' ii A b rd M I 
4o 
I ’ 8 A rm e H m 
A t m e P r 
A rt ion 
28b 
AttO nCp 
A dam Rs 

?' 

 h u 
SU 
7' a 
6 U 
IO 
6’ 8 
J U 

3’ 
3 ’ 
13’ 
I ’ j Aeg.sCp 
8 14 A fro Tin 
ISO 
I U A fro n t a 
3'a A ttllC a p 
1of 
8 1 a AM .IHsp 
24 
* ............... 
S6 
24 
12 18 
IO 
Af 111 Put) 
SU A lte rs .* 
6 ' 
A la nW dS 
4 'a A la s k A ir 

S’ h A lc o la t 
3?f 
81 i A llptiC p wt 
4’ r, A lle g A ir 
I ’ n Al log A wtO 
11 16 A M fg A 
WIN 
28' / 
26 
A lloo AptC 
I 
S 'B Al 11 an T 
36e 
1 
A dd A rt 
13'a A H dTbr 
88 
2 
A lp tia ln d 
6 ' n A lta n n l lOf ii A llo t CP 

SU 
I ' 8 
7o n 
3' 8 
I' a 
I >8 

Sole* 
N et 
(hd» I H.gh low lo s t C hq. 
4 
4/9 
A '* 
SH 
A U * 
U 
7 
18 
IO’ / 
IO 
IO a * 
U 
S 
135 
SU s 
5U * 
’ J 
A 
49 
ZU 
V , 
TU * 
1 a 
A 
1o3 
W k n u 
12 
- 
U 
2o 
IU 
I' a 
IU 
5 
9o 
IP / 
IOU n u * u 
7 
SO 
12 
H U n u — 
'* 
W 
15 
AU 
A1 a 
AU 
' n 
IS 
P l 
P a 
I U * 
I a 
A 
1o 
7'a 
JU 
2’ * * 
' a 
5 
23 l'a 
7 
I ' m 
' n 
13 
288 
Va 
4 
4 
* 
H. 
9 
1o6 
5 
4' / 
5 * . 
U 
73 
97o 
14' / 
13' / 
U U * 
'. 
7 
338 
IU 
Pa 
Va 
5 
21 
A 
9' / 
IU 
9 
I U 
O ' a - u 
IU 
4 
12 
4’ 4 
41 a 
■IU * 
>4 
8 
78 
9 '* 
O'a 
9 U — 
U 
I 
19 wu 
IPB 
114 e 
U 
A 
24 
AH 
AU 
A U - 
U 
,17 
BU 
8 
8 
- 
U 
4 
119 
4 U 
4'a 
4 H t i 
9 
2U 
7 
J 
A 
74 
SH 
S' 2 
S U - 
H 
12 
9 / 
HU 
V . » 
' n 
8 
771 
SH 
S 
S' a 
o 
2' n 
V 2 
JU * 
' a 
6713 IA U IA H 16 - 
U 
7 
71 
TA 
26 
- P . 
4 
27 
S’ e 
S'* 
S H - 
H 
198 
IU 
IU l l 4 
9 
124 
N U 
19> 4 
N U - 
' a 
8 
JI 
2U 
JU 
J U - 
'n 
5 
28 
A’ 2 
AU 
A U * 
H 
88 
I 
’ n IS 16 

I 
Y early 
| H igh lo w 

I 16 I 37 BRT w t 
/■•a 
IS BTU 
Kng 
I l l 
8 
Hadar M I 
SO 
9 
6 ’ M 
P.. B n k .rM 
ISO 
6 
17’ , IO'« Baldor El 
24 6 
IU 6'u 
B.ildwS 
37fl 
18'4 'A U BdnFd I 
ISO 
I 
IS 16 B.ingPun w t 
I i ’ m 
9 
B anister 
4o 
S 
6' ll 
4 14 Banner 
o8 
6 
J ' i 
IU Barr lay 
o4 
3S 
S’ ii 
2’ n B artoC a 
12 
9 
J 1* 
3 ii B am esE 
IO 
7’ n B .irnw l 
TOC 
IS 
S’ n 
4'n B arryR 
12 
6 
12'/ IO 
B .irry W r 
44 8 
3'n 
3 
Barth Sp 
2o 
9 
7'8 
IU B a rto n s 
3 n 
I i B a ru e h E 
2'n 
I ’ n B arw ick 
6'J 
4 
Bell Intl 
o8a 
6 
.".I 
IU H fls ttR 
o6! 
7 
7 16 S 
JU 

S ole* 
Not 
(hds I H igh lo w lo s t Chg 

16 I 37 I 32 I 32 
IU 
7 U . i, 
9U 
H U * 1 

7 16 3 16 A 11 e t C. p 
Wk 
11 
IS’ 
IV 
A lter Fds 
SO 
8 
49' a 
47' . Alcoa p l3 7S 
U U 
4 U A M A * wt 
1 
I U A m A qro 
B i 
7' j Am Bi I Tri 
.SO 
7o ll 
16 
A m Br d *1 
8 '8 
6 U A ni BUBP 
78 
3 16 I 16 A f o n M ta w t 
2 
I ’ , A n il le tth 
3 16 1 1 6 A m i Itc h w t 
SU A G a rP d 
34 

?S 
17U 
73oo ta u 
166 
SU 
66 
3U 
2S 

12 
48 U 
4’ ; 
2 U 
ZU 
481 
TOU 
19 
33 
7 

3 16 3 16 
12 U « 
48U • 
SU < 
3 i 
7 U 
2o' 8 
6 ’ n 
AU 
2 1 16 I 16 I 16 - I 37 
I ' j 
I U 

SH 
3 ' 4 A ln iP ic t 
I 
? U 
7' , A K ra e l 
Hr 
S 
IO U 
8' / A Mel. Ti'A 
.JO 
A 
IO’ / 
8' , A M j /i B rn 
A 
S? a 
49 
A rn M I 
2 Rile 
S 
SU 
4' . A M o tin n s 
A 
3T H 
37' 4 A m P e lt 2 2o 
9 
P l 
7 .. A Peers 
28 
A 
A 
4 ' 
A S alE o 
4 
IJ H 
9' 4 Am St. E Ole VI 
SU 
3 ' * Am Tee 
ISP 
A 

3S 
61 
' 8 
7S 
8 
4o 
4 
32 
7 U 
116 
IOU 
7 
VU ll 
SIU 
91 
4H 
VO 
36 'n 

IJ H l l 
3' 8 
3' ? 
8 u 
7 8 
O’ ) 
AU 
17U 
SU 
7 
7' ? 
SU 
6 U 
13' 4 n u 
IU 
SU s u 

7' i A ndrnR 
7 
AngloC 
AU 
Anke.i 
78 
S' 4 A nthony 
191 
S' a 
3 
A p p ld D 'a 
Apl cl Dev 
M U 
Mgu.tCd 
3o 
4 
A r./C l 
IO*’ 
SU 
A r /C fi pf 48 s 
A rm in C p 
I? 
4 1 4 A rro w * : 
7 
SU 
A r u ndel 
9 ' » 
A sdm era 
JO 
9 ' k Ash I OC. 
2o 
’ n A s k m S v c 

7 
6» 
4 
1o4 
7 sr 
IS 
1S6 

3' 8 
3' / 
7U 

4 a 

I 16 
H * I I t 
Va 
8 
- 
H 
3*4 
3 U 
U 
Va 
2' , - 
'« 
SH 
9 
- I 
9 I a 
V U - 
U 
49 
51 U * 2' * 
4’ / 
J U . 
'a 
35 
IA U * 
I U 
BH 
S U * 
' / 
S' s 
SU - u 
IOU 
W H * l u s s 
IP a 
IP / 
3 
3 
♦ 
U 
3 
3' / ♦ 
'« 
ZU 
I ' , » 
J* 
S '* 
SH 
SH 
S U - u 
4 1, 
4 U - 
H 

IU n u 
SU 
8 
,, 16 'n 
I 
I8U 

SU 
8 
74 U 
U U 
VU s 
9 ' 8 
12U 
TIU 
7’ n 
I I U 

IS' N n u 
SU 

35 
3 
VIS 
TS 
SO 
7 
43 

4’ u A s tre * 
ISO 
8 
4 U A ta la n ta 
2oe 3 i u 13 16 A lc o m d i S 16 A tic o M tg mrt 
3U A tlasC M 
o8e IO 
SOS 
9 
A tlasC p wt 
U U A nga! 
3o 
13 
14 u A iis tra lO 
19 
S 'i A u fo T rn 
7o1 
4U A u trn B ld 
6 
4' a 
A u lm R a d 
I 
44' / 
39 U AutOSw I 2o 12 
4 a 
I 'n A V E M C 2o 
S 
29’ 4 
73’ n A vondel 
I 
TO 9 
SU 
ZU A ydinC p 
7 
1 .1 3 16 B R T lOe 

I U l l . 
ISH 
18 U 
7 
S 'J 
SU 

ISU 
W U 
U U - 
' / 
4 U 
4 
4>«* 
14 
SU 
SU 
6 * 4 * l f 
S '. 
5 U — 
U 
5 U 
J * . * 
U 
AU 
A U * 
U 
IO U l l ' o 
U 
9 U 
I U * 
14 
41S 16 
U IS 16 * I 16 
61 
4U 
4U 
4 '4 * 
1 a 
14 
SU 
S 
5 
- 
U 
3o 
I 
IS 161S 16 
I 16 
2 S 16 S 16 
S 16 

6 
S’ 
6 1 
17 
TO 
9 *32 
IO 

SOS 
4'a 
JU s? 
9 U 
V a 
62 
M U 
M U 
ZI 
W U 
IS H 
75 
A '* 
AU 
39 
4 ’4 
4 U 
36 
4’ 4 
4 a 
7 
441 J 
44' a 
RO 
4 
3U 
IA 
751 * 
74 U 
I t 
ZU 
ZU 

9’ ( 

25' a * 
U 
7 U » 
Ui 
IBIS 1613 1615 16 f I 16 

IV Ben SI Mg w t 
TU 
B in ru s 
4 
V a 
Berg 
En! 
118 s 
Bergen B 
16 
13' / 
Brei 13 pl 
I IS 
J U 
Bern/O s 
Be. too 
14 
9 
2 'N BervenC 
Oft 
3 
Beth Cp 
IOO 
7'.. Bey i‘rl yE 
II u 
Bn Pen 
48 
8 
4 
BiqDad 
A 
I 
Big V Sup 
I t 
4 
IS' a Bm kM f la 
7 
I I H 
Binny Sm 
8o 
8 
SU 
Blessng 
3o 
S 
8’ 4 
Blount 
3o 
4 
4 ") 
Bori m Ap 
2J 
71 
A . Boll Ber 
2o 
17 
17' 
Bnw Vall 
IO IDJ 
IOU 
Bowne 
3o 
A 
Va 
BradtdN 
2o 
IO 
4' ii 
V i 
Br a m li 
B rank Ar 
7o 
WI s 

 l l ' i Br a 'I an A 
I 
71 U BrannFn 
I 
4U B rff/i-C p 
9 n B re w erC 
7 
Bro D art 
2o 
7'4 BrodySe 
IO 
Bror.ksP 
4o 
7 
BrOwnCo wt 
13 . B rn l A 
6o 
13' . B m r B 
6o 
4 ’ 
B rw nf p l 4o 
I' 
B nehler 
I? 
Buell m d 
4ob 
3 1' B olide* 
2 i 
B urgess 
13U Bur mu 
I IO 

13 
JU 
87 n u 
13 
4U 
8o 
IJ H 
27 
A’ , 
27 
17 n o 
I U 
26o 
H U 
41 
5' / 
A? 
IU 
39 
JU 
I 
3U 
38 
9 U 
SA 
SU 
NS 
W / 
S9 
J U 

1o7 
2 'n 
S 
2 
IRS 
SU 
S 
7'.i 
35 u 
175 
3 
I 
59 
J U 
91 
SH 
AO l l ’ 4 
77 
?U 
74 
SH 
47 
3 
19 
3' / 
137 
?H 
1o1 
U U 
14 
4’ / 
47 
8 
38 
16 
IAS 
IS H 
IO 
A i 
54 
SU 
91 s u 
37 
7 ' k 
I IJS 
18' n 
17 
IO1 / 
525 
BH 
18 
4 U 
S 
ZU 
73o n u 
I? 
73 U 
16 
AU 
83 
11 1* 
17 
3U 
4 
JU 
43 
I I H 
I t 
2U 
3 
M U u s 
M U 
4 
S 
3? 
4 ’ n 
77 
14' 4 
4S 
J U 
TA 
3 

AU 
IAU 
I' / l l 'n 
5U 
IU 
3' / 
3U 
9' .■ 
IU 

IU 
S' / 
JU 
'n 

2 U 
SU n u 
2U 
S' / 
2U 
3U 
2 U 
I 2U 
4U 
7 U 
15U 
17 
AU 
8' 4 
4 U 
7' ii 

I U l l ' ) 
S' / * 
IU 
3 U * 
3'.. 
9' / s 
- 
17 
* 
3 U * 
I U 
J U - 
7 
SU 
JU • 

J U ­ 
JU 
SU I 
14 
. 
J U . 
5U • 
3 
• 
3' / 4 
7U • 

A' J ■ 
BU 
SU ' 
7' 4 

7U 
7 U 
11U 
11'n ' 
7 3 '/ 
7 3 '. ' 
SU 
6 
- 
11 
U U 
3 'b ' 
7 ' 

AO 
SO 

I’ > 
ZU 
9U 
S 17 3 
IU 
?U 
HU 
13' 4 
14U 
IO 
IU 
14' a 
SU 
4' 4 
18 
8 ' j 
TIS 16 
SU 

7S8 
12U 
?oe 71 
747 
33U 
3'a 

S 
64 
S 
SO 
S 

B urnsln 
9'n B uller In 
71 '• CU Pet 
IU CDICp 
18 
49 
S '- CH HF d 
3 
IO 
A 
CHC Cp 
74r 17 
769 
37 C I M in 
WI 
J U CM I CP 
I ’ n CM T Iud 
AU CRSDes 
TO 
IOU CSE Cp 
A1 
IOU CW Ira n 
SU Cabicom 
3'n CaaleA 
U n Caidor 
3 'j Calcomp 
3 > Call 'll 
IS U Cal PUC 
I 
A 
C am eo 
3 
CaChbA 
4 » C am p In 
A 
CdnEup OSe s ■ a Cdn Hooi O 
7' . CcinHydr 
2S 
8 

37 
14' 
147 
IO1 

VU 
BU 

3'8 
J' > 
IOU l l ' . j r 

U U s 
- 
I U la ' 4 i 
3U < 
3 
14 « < 
IOU i 
17' / < 
3? 
- 
3 
A 
- 
9 ' 

IU n u 
3U 
7U u n 

116 S 3? 3 32 S 3? * I 16 

2S 

3 
I 
J U 
SI 
BU 
3o u n 
14 
17 'n 
17 
17 
9 U 
I U 
3U 

3 
J U • 
JU 
I2 U 
13 

179 
13 

TV 
18 
182 
IO 

17' 4 
9 U 
3 '/ 
3U 
I J U 
13' 8 - 
3U 
3U 
3 U 
3U< 
IAU 
7 U 
7 
I 
- 
3 U 3 1 1 16 
3 U * 
SU 
5 
S 
- 
AU 
A 
A U 
A 
8 
7U 

3 'J 
36 
3U 
TO 
IA U 
16 
1o9 n o 

6 
- 
AU 
_ r 
„ 
. 
. 
J U 
TO'. 
16 
C dlnPA I SO 
7 
964 
2 o ': JOU 
7 oU . l l 16 
3'a C d n M a rr 7o l l 
1637 16 
3 U17 16 > 
1 4 '/ 
I? ’ i C d n M e rr l l 
77 14 
D U 
14 
16hi 
14 u CdnOcci 
S4 
6 
9 
15U 14U 
U U 
12* 
37 ’ n CdnSupO 
9 
1 1o 38 U 
3 7U 
38U I 
IU 
I 
Capeharf 
49 IU 
I U 
I U ' i 
J '" CapitIRs 
16 3' a 
3 
3U < 
IU 
JU C apitlF d TO 
S 
62 3 
J U 
3 
. 4 
4 H 
Caressa 
IO 
13 
146 4U 
4 '» 
4' / 

Yeorly 
High la w 
Sales 
I bds ) High lo w 
Net lost Chg 
78 H t i 
C a rn ot 
I 8o 
13 
To9 
73' / 
77 
IV a 
’ n 
Pl 'N 
13U 
C a ro P ipl lh 
8 
71 
14 
14 
14 
* 
A IU 
SI 
C a ro P lp f 
S 
/SZO 
AoU 
59 '* 
AOH * 
I 
S U 
J 'n 
C a rro lD v 
JR 
JU 
4 ‘ 2 
4H * 
’ 2 
WU 
16' 4 Cast Ie A M 
1 
7 
16 
W U 
IAU 
W H * 
18'.. 
W H 
CasFd I 2oa 
13 n u 
W U 
18U 
7'a 
I U C asfletn ll 
37 
7U 
I U 
IU 
’ n 
IAH 
9 ' 4 C a v k rn 
We 
IS 
451 
IAH 
14' / 
IAU * 
IU 
7' / 
I U 
Gel lu C tl 
J 
AJ 
J'.. 
I H 
2 
- ll 
38 U 
C.TiM p!3 SO 
/IAG 
39 
38 U 
3V 
- 
1 a 
SI 
47’ 
C enP Lpf 
4 t is 
48 
47' 2 
47’ 2- 
I* 4 
A 1* 
S'a Cent Set 
SOe 
68 
A ', 
A' o 
A'a * 
’ n 
3'a 
7'a 
C e ntryF 
W 
5 
3 
J U 
V o ­ 
I 4 
JJU 
IV / 
Ctoiv .il 
I 
19 
89 
7o 
18U lo 
- 
I 
73 U 
77s a Cr rM pl2 ZS 
53 
73’ * 
??'« 
72 H u 
I 4 
IU 
C rrtk C p 
IO 
I U 
IU 
I U 
> 4 
IU u 
C or Iro n 
16 
27 
I 
U IS 16 
IA 
?U 
111 CetPc Cp 
9 
Al 
JU 
V a 
JU 
ZU 
SH 
C hadM i 
4od 
8 
IV 
AU 
SH 
AU * 
I 4 
J 
3 " 
Ch a m p Ho 
BJI 
3 U 
J U 
3 H 
AH 
4 ’ 
C h a rt M d 
6 
18 
5 
4 U 
4 U i 4 
Va 
I 
C h rlM p l 
IS 
19 
7’ ii 
7 
7 
I' » 
3’ a Chem E . 
5 
131 
4 
3'n 
J 
» 
I 4 
TH' , 
24 
C h iR iv I Ada ll 
7 
25’ n 
2SH 
25H * 
» j 
W U 
IO'. 
C hiel Dev 
13 
MI n u l l 
IIH 
I 4 
I? " 
9 ' 
C h ild W ld 
A 
38 
IO' / 
O’ a 
IO 
- 
I „ 
I a 
3 
C h ris in a 
1oc 
A 
I t 
3'a 
3 U 
3’ /» 
* a 
J 'n 
3 
C in e F . vc 
14 
3 
4 
4 
4 
JU 
I >4 C m er.im 
34 
2 
I ’ n 
I U - 
I n 
W H 
IO' . C irrle K 
TO 
9 
3o? 
1? l l ' . n u * 
’ S v u 
7 *4 Ck a1 ion 
4ob 
S 
77 
8' s 
8 
BH * 
’ P n u 
BU 
C kyG sF I 
AH s * IA 
IO' / 
IO 
IO 
* 
I h 
AU 
A 
Cl ar .lin t 
17 
AH 
6‘ 2 
A '* * 
1 8 l'a 
V i C la rke 
IOO 
A 
17 
? '* 
V i 
7 / 
13 
9 K C larkson 
2o 
8» 168 
13 n u 
W U * 
I ' , 
SU 
3' . C la ro s ta l 
9 
SI 
5U 
4 ', 
5 
♦ 
I , 
M U 
I I H 
C lausing 
I 
8 
78 
M U 
14 
14 
- 
I 4 
I 'a 
A '" 
Clopav 
IA 
5 
5 
Va 
ZU 
ZU 
N U 
14 ., 
Coat nm 
25 
A 
283 l f a 
M U 
ISU * 
14 
7 
I 
Con.ai Hat 
A 
5 
I U 
IU 
IU - 
’ e 
IU 
?U 
Cohulnc 
WI 
17 
37 
3U 
V a 
JU 
18' K 
IS’ . Colem an 
AH 
9 
A/o 
18 a 
W H 
W U * 
I 4 
4 U 
3' / ColonCm l 
22 
3’ a 
3 U 
3*4 — 
) 4 
8' 4 
7 
Col wet IC 
4o 
A l l 
Va 
ZU 
ZU 
37 
34 
Corm BCO 
7 
14 
I 
16 
JSU 
36 
* 
I 4 
JU 
IU 
Com G rp 
M 
IO 
IU 
IU 
IU 
IO' / 
9 
Com Al I 
3oa 
I 
139 
IOU 
9 U 
IOU * u 
U U 
IO I 
Com M il 
AOh 17 
11 n u 
IOU 
I) 
- 
I 4 
AU 
4’ i 
C o m d ln t 
I 
IO 
4 '* 
4’ / 
4 ' n - 
• a l l / 
O' a CoPsyc 
3o 
Com PS 
I 62 
7 
55 
IO ', 
IOU 
IO’ / * 
' a iv u 
18 'N 
7 
3o 
N U 
ISH 
N U * 
’ N 
IO ’ " 
J 

 o a c oV 

7 
619 
IOU 
O’ a 
IO U * 
I 4 
17 * s 
C om poln 
17 21 
ISA 
W U 
IOU 
W U * 
7' a 
V a p / 
Com puD 
8 
A? 
7 ’ / 
J U 
V / * 
I 8 

I ZU 
ISU 
7' / 
IU 
IV 
IAU n u 
3V 4 
TU 
JU 
V 16 

72U 
S' 8 
IU 
IV' j 
IO 
14 4 

IS U 
IS' 8 
16 

I 
C o m p ln st 
I ' i C o m p ln v 
V U Coni tim 
SO 
4 
C ontrdF 
9 ’ 8 Conder 
3 i C o n e d y C 
IO ■ 8 Conroe k 
8o 
I 
Conroy 
11 
9 ’ h C onsO G 
7 ’ " ConsRet 
C ont M il 

7 
I 18 
IU 
IO 

I '. 
IS 
U ' 
5 
3 
IS' l l 

19 
644 
6o IO 
17 
138 
7o 

18 
AO 
79 
4 U 
TS 
IOU 
2 
I U 
16 
13 
2o l l 

IU 
I U 
I U 
IU 
9 U 
3 n 
12 u 
4 U 
IO ’ 
BU 
8 ’ 
I '8 
Cont Tel wt 
Cook I ii ti 
2oe 14 
477 
IS1 
Cook P V 
Ida 
8 
C oopJar toe 
S 
IS 
7or 
Btl 

C o rd on 
C o re l b 
C orencd 
C o rn elius 
48 
C orr B lk 
I 4o It h C o s c o ln t 
4 CottCp 
C o M C o rp w t 
M C o u sin s w t 
16' 
COMCX 
71 
3 U C ra m rF 
U t ZI 
I U C re s t Fo 
14 
IS'18 C rom pt 
7Se 
S 
TS14 C rosA T 
I 2o l l 
TSU CwnC Pl 
NY 
3 
4 u C ro w n e r 
S 
C ro w n ln 
7o 

U U 
S 
AU 
1o8 
3U 
17 
17 

7 6 " 
7' 
7’ 

8 
U 
IS ' 
4S 
11' 
* 76 
79 • 
32 
2U 
13 

I ' 
I U 
IS n u 
6 ' 4 
3 U 
IAU 
IS n u 
79' a 
?' a 
1'4 
2*8 
41 S 16 l l 
U 3 16 
87 
JJM 
J I ', 
93 
SU 
4' i 
A 
I U 
I U 
A 
IS U 
15U 
78 
38U 
37H 
47 
3o s s 
31 
5 

79U 
5 
4 U 
C ru 'rR 
36 38 4o4 U U 
IP , 
C rystlO 
4Or* 13 
A ll 
IS' a 
14'a 
CubicCp 
C o rtic e s 
8o 
C u rtis M ise 

1) 1 - 1 
12 
141 

74 
15 
74 
M U 
19 
SU 

7 
13 16 
D C I 
AU 
I U DW G 
491 
S 
894 
3* > 
J U D a m o n C 
4 
6 
9 '/ 
ZU Dam son 
23 717 

IU 
SU 
3 

14' , u n s 

I U 
4 U 
2U 
ZU 

IU 
VU I 
4 14 * io u 
3 u 
13 
• 
4' / » n u ♦ s n 
I ‘ a * 
IU 
IS n u * 
6 U 
3' / 
IAU • 
IS U . 
I P . • 
79U 4 
J U - 
JU 
S 16 
' . 4 I 
2 7 '. 4 
S 
4 
P a 
IS U - 
3 7 U - 
79' , - 
5 
5 
4 
U U 4 
M U 4 
N u ­ n n - 
SU 4 

V J - s 
- 
J U 

Y early 
H igh la w 

C o m p l o t * 
* n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i m 
New York stocks 

E x c l u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

C o n t in u e d f r o m P a n e 311 

S 
- T 
- l 

Y e a rly 
H ig h la w 
Sale* 
(h d t I High la w 
N et lo st Chg 

 n u 
38 U 
ZU 
P U 
ISU 
9 ' a u u 
39' , 
IO U 
5JU 
16 . 
4 ' 8 
3 U 
7' / 
IV a 
IS U n u 
24 ’ a 
SU 
ZU 
44 U 
18' / 
As' . 

17’ I S U O l'P I IT 
41 
Si L Sa F 
7 SO 
U U StPaulS 96a 
37 U SI R iti P 1 Ai 
AU S alabi 
?4h 
14' j Sambos 
48 
14 
S D 'e G f 
I TO 
o 
SJnanP 9V1 
9 U S a n d e rs 
36 
SF e Iud 
7 
9 U SF f in d pt SO 
47' > S anFeln) 
JO 
13'» S erai Wet 
AO 
3 U S a u lR l 
3’ a SavASIn 
AU S a vO ’ Dr 
TO 
9 '- S a vE lP so 
M U S a v n f A I 34 
13 
S avE l p tl 78 
18' . S avB M 
3o 
4 
Sa *o n 
S U Schaefer 
37'a SchergPI 
M U S th lit/B r 
SA 
St h lu m b 
U 
SCO Aln 

9 
116 
237 
9 
HOO 
S 
SS 
o 2544 
7 
ASB 
5 
3? 
ISO 
8 MSI 
IO 

ITV 
77S 
IIH 
71 
9 
3o3 
218 
IO 
TO 
I 14 7784 
AB 
9 
8o6 
8o 
18*4377 61 
8o 
S 
74 S 
M U 

 n u 
JJU u n 
34 U 
ZU 
IS' / 
14' / 
SU n u 
38' a 
IOU 
SIU 
IAU 
3U 
3U 
AU 
IO 
IS n u 
71 '« 
4U 
6 8 
4oU 
IAU 

Sc OI I ad 36 47* 1)6 
28 
2 4 't 
Scot Fe* 
2o 
25'* 
JP 4 Sc o il For 
84 
TOU 
1 6 * 
ScohP.jp 
I t 
9’ 2 
8 
S cotiys 
TO I 
J J’ 2 
J IH 
S cov.il 
2o 
St 
S IU 
Scov.l p l? SO 
8 
A U 
S t o d d e r 
M 
9* I 
SU 
Sr odd P* 83e 
78 U 
24' * 
S ea ton ! 
75 
36 a 
33 
S eahC l 
7 
JU 
3 
S ''Ah WA 
??t 
74 
J IH Seagram 
8o 
9' 4 
ZU Seagrv 
16. 
W' 4 
IS' < Se AIP w 
8o 
IJ H l l 
SearteG 
5? 
I 
AV 4 
APU Sr-ars 
I Bod I 
IOU 
ZU 
S*-a1ram 
I 
16 a 
71 ’ n Sedco mc 
3o 
N u 
IAU 
Srdql l l 
7ob 
V a 
4’ a S v iC p ln t 
JO 
1*1 4 
IS U 
See v t ! I 
VO 
IP I 
8‘ 7 S haksprt 
Sr. open 
4o 
IO 
14'* 
IO 
o a 
V , 
Shear M 
77. • 
8o 
TO', Sh of) OII 
3 TO 
IS ' t 
I S '. 
J3U 
JO' , 
VI 
AV J 
ZI 
M U 
78' a 
H U 
43 
4o 
ZU 
19 » 
16 a 
73'a 
4S 
73' i 
U U l f ' * 
U t 
4o 
TAU 
7o ’ a 
19 U 
14 
I U 
*o ' r 
4o a 
IV , 
N U 
16 
JJU 

 r 
: 
J 3 U 
IJH 
41* * 
SI' r i o u so . 
SA' J 
SF 
ATU 
A U 
A) U 
M U 
JJU 
47 
24 U 
IO a 
77' / 
M U 
. „ 
9 1/ I 64 S w P bS v r I 

9o 
271 
1747 
18} 
6So 
I 
IOT 
M7 
S94 
JPZ 
189 
ISS 
22 
35 

489 
SBH i n 
SJ4 
17S 
I? 
234 
139 
1397 
3 
776 
27 
14 

231 
<51o 
IS? 
634 
2 
6 
186 
95 
84 

31 
Shell T 
I Ole 6 
U U 
She! lr GI Ada 4 
JOU 
ShHGl p l! is 
17' / 
ShHGl p l! 4o 
47 
ShHGl p l 
I 
34 
S lu r wW J 7o 71 
6? 
Stir W p l 4 4o 
U U 
S ierrP ctt 
I 8 
74 
Signal 
I IO 8 
73 U Signal pl 
I 
S 3'. 
Signal p l J JO 
37U 
Sign ode I TO ll 
A U 
Sim P ra t 
IS 8 
17' 
S 'm m 
I I? 
17 
17 
Sim p Pat sn 13 PDA 
19' 
Singer 
I Of 
7 1881 
43 U Smgr pl 3 SO 
AI 
18 
S kaggs 
SO 9 .U T 
IO U S k iiC p 
13 
IQM 
U U S kyline 
37 19*7o8 
IS* 
Sm ith AO 
IS *» S m ith ln t 
77 
Sm ith kin 
7 
17 U S m ilh T r 
All 
17 
S m o tke r 
9o 
I P . SotaBas 
AO 
J U Sone'.'d 
8 '» SonyCp 
o6e 
37 f e e l rn 
Ie 
M U S ta r EG I SA IO 
U U So Joe In I SA 
8 l l 
Soutdwn 
AO 
76 
Sdwn pl I 8o 
IO 
Sobs* Bk 
4ob 
7 beest PS I 171 
71' a SoCalE 
I AH 

8o 
SJ to 

7 
114 
9 
MO 
18 
89 
7718518 
A l l 
7o3 
3o 
SAO 
SA 
9*477 
8 ll 
I m o 
IA 
South Co I 46 IO SAS I 
M U SoinG F 7 64 
8 
SO 
SOU SoNRtts I 8S 
7 
I SO 
M U SO M Tel 3 9* IS? 
48 
SONE p l I 87 
>78 
S4' / SONI pl4 A? 
*16o 
37U SouPdC 
7 71 
8 
9S8 
SS 
S o u r* 
7 12 IO 
414 
AU SoyRy p l 
SO 
74 
S9 
S o u r* pf 
I 
A l l 
So Un Co I 84 l l IU ? 
77 'a Sod fin d 
SOV l l 174? 
16 
Soy Roy! 
AH 16 
1o9 
7o U SwtHayti 
I 
V 
<41 
I 
Swat For 
TO 
8 
78S 
A )'» SwtF I pFI SO 
IJJ n u sw P t Sv i to 
8 te n 

AU 
77 
24' i 
19U 
I U 
JJU 
54 
ZU 
9 ‘ a 
77U 
3AU 
31 e 
JJU 
SU 
16’ / 
U U 
A3’ a 
9 . 
16 
U U 
ZU 
IAU 
VU tv 
8 a 
73 
35 
U U 
22 U 
18’ * 
48’ / 
IAU 
64 I n u 
77 
?$' / 
AO’ a 
4o 
ZU n u n u 
73 U 
44' I 
JOU n u is ** 
16 
M U 
76 a 
M U 
N U n u 
I U 
IOU 
38M 
19 l l tA 
27 U 
IOU 
I U 
J IH 
IAU 
I9'» 
S IU 
39 U 
49' a 
SAU 
33U 
S9 
AU 
AO 
33 
JJU 
3 IU 
'TAU 
IO * 
JJU l l ' 

 n u 
41 U 
U U 
34U 
AU 
14' / 
M U 
SU 
IO' / 
IAU 
IO 
48' a 
15*4 
J U 
J U 
AU 
9’ , 
M U 
U U 
19’ . 
AU 
A 
39' a 
ISU 
SA n u 
AU 
TAU 
74 
U U 
BU 
JJU 
54 
7 
9 U 
76' j 
34' a 
3 
JJU 
8' a 
16' a 
P U 
61 
9 '. 
33 U 
IAU 
A' ■ 
IS’ * 
I U 
M U 
ZU 
ZOU 
34’ * 
U U 
I I H 
M U 
48' J 
IA U 
67 
U U 
JA' a 
JSU 
AO 
39 
AU 
17' a 
U U 
71 U 
43' / 
M U 
IJ 
U U 
IA U 
37 
74’ a 
U U 
18' / 
13 
I 
9 U 
37 ’ a l l ' a 
U U 
ISU 
27' » 
IO 
8' a 
T IU 
14 a 
M U 
SOU 
M U 
48 
SA' a 
3 2 '. 
SAU 
A' * 
SO 
31 
J J U 
36 
23* a 
S U 

 u 
* 
42 
U U 
34' a » 
7 
» 
IS’ . 
14' / . 
8 ' . 
IO U ■ 
37' a • 
IO U ♦ 
S IU * 
I S '. 
3 U 
J U * 
A U 
OU 4 
IS 
• 
U U 4 
7o 
- 
4' a 
A 
39' a - 
IA U 
A IU ♦ 
M U ♦ 
AU 4 
26' a 
2 4 
18 
- 
8' a 4 
J J U 
AA 

TAU 
161 * • 
I U • 
J J U ♦ 
S U 
IA U 
P U 
ATU * 
9 U * 
JSU ‘ 
IA U • 
7 
4 
IS U 
HU 
M U • 
ZU 
Z P . . 
JA 
* 
13 
- 
22*8 4 t a u • 
48 a 4 
35 U * 
67 
IJ H 
?6‘ a 
75 a ♦ 
AO 
39 
AU 
U U 
U U 
J J U 4 
4 4U 4 
19’ a 
13 
4 
IA U * 
IS H 4 
M U • 
/A a 4 
M U 4 
W U 4 l l 1 a • j i , , 
IO' a • 
M U • 
19 
• l l 
- 
16 
• 
7 7*. 4 
IO U - 
8 U 4 
73' a • 
16*. - 
N ' a i 
SOU 
38 *a 
4 8 '. 
SS 
33* a * 
S9 i 
AV. 
AO 
' 
JJU 
23 
JA' a 
2 4 '. - 
IO 
■ l f a 
13' 

Y early 
High lo w 

74 U 
J I'* 
Super Val 
AA l l 
258 
21o 
SuprO.I I 8o to 
8* I 
AU SupmkG 
3o 
A 
19' / 
17 
Supm p l! 
IO 
JJU 
W U 
S uprstp 
2 SC 
5 
/'a 
AU S otroM lg 
J I 
IV a 
IS » Sw.mk la 
7 
N U 
IAU Sybron 
84 a 
JJU 
38 
Sybrn pl? 4o 
U U 
IO1 / SVC Of 
7 
A1 4 
S ‘4 5 /Kiron 
JJU 
17 a T n or 
IO 
7 
IOU 
9' / 
T R I CP 
14 
MU 
83’ . 
73U 
TSU 

A' I 
IO 
IOT' / 
9 H 
IU 
U U 
PH 
17' . 

P . 
P a 
I ' a 
I *e 

16’ a 
IO?' 4 
IP * 
13 
U U 
77 i m 
SAU s n 
77 U 
JAP 
7S< j 
JJU 
4oU 
U n 
18' . 

14' n u 
U < . 
39' . 
Al a 
M a 
TK a 
S ' I 
72 a 
TAU 
J I'a 
ST’ a 
ATU 
A IU 
SVU 
•S "» 
AO a 
I U 

33 
N U 
JA '* 
13 
4 9 ', 
9 
17 

 n u 
W U 
37U 
J J U 
U* a 
Al 
IS '* 
16 i i 
27 . 

-8 
1o1 
SU 
J A ', 
IOU 
JA 
49 
SI 
?S 

IA U 

Apr Ie Fd 
Spar ton 
IA U SperryM 
14 
SprryHpF 

78318 A 64 I 64 1 6 < i l 64 
AS 
AO 
7 
SA 
64 
9 AIM 
Al 
37* 
SperryR 
U U SpFingM 
, 
JR 
24 
SgurtrD I TO IS 
16o 
? /U Sgo'bb v t 17 1o4o 
M* . M otey 
I 
7 
464 
73 
SIF*-or 1924 
13o 
77' . MB* and I 28 l l TOM 
ABU S 'dB r PIJ SO 
<37o 
34' a S tB P em l 
<o 11 
U t 
J I 
SI' 
TJ’ 
SH 
?' 

S'dO ilCI 2 2o 
8 3971 
S'Q ' 1 m d J AC 
9 1o94 

 f t 

StO 'Oh 
I 16 24 1123 
SOO', pl3 7S 
/IOO 
S td P rm 
4o 
17*111 
StdP rud 
AA ll 
AT 
Siende* 
8o 
A 
78 U SUnW 
I I? IO 
17 
S1«nr«y 
8o 
8 
??*■. SI a rr et t I 17 
7 
IP * SUM Se I o5 
AS t SteutCh I 44 
9 
ZU S tA ffh i 
M 
J 
14 . Site Or ag 
7o I! P77 
4 U S le rlP re 
Ole A 
V U S terndnt 
4o 
9 
17 
Steven J I JO 
S 
JA 
StewWd I va 
8 
JOU StokVC 
I 3o IS 
I P . Slot*VC p» I 
SA / Stone W 
7 SO 
U U Sign Con 
AO iv * , stop shop J se 
IO*- a Slot Tee 
A ZI 
73‘ . StOf4-rB 
I 
IJ U S trid B il* 92 
AQ*. SluW or 
I Al 
M u Sty W pl I AO 
94 
SluW pt 
$ 
A1. So4wSho 
TO 
X r Sub RrG I OB 
T a So Cr O il 
SO 
JOU SunChm 
AO 
AP a Sun Co 
7 
43U SonCQ pl? 25 
JO a Son bm 
I OB 
Jo1 • Sundstr I TO 
48 
Sund* p l! SO l l 
SunkMg 
Mr 84 

193 
TU 
187o 
BA 

< 3 
ZI 
•9 
I 
VA 
TJA 
178 
U t 
AST 
9 
3 
12 
IM 
7oS 
S7J 
784 
BAA 
738 
24S 
72 
442 

17' t o * ! 
U U 
37 
39’ . 
14 
77U 
3o 
JI 
24'a 
TV'. 
49 a 
M U 
A IU 
S3' a 
BAU 
AO . 
JU 
ZU 
U U 
33 
N U 
73U 
U ' a 
49 U 
|v» 
IA U 
S' 8 
1oVa 
M a 
16 
23'* it * a 
S7U l l ’ . 
IAU 
P U 

 t a 
47U 
47 
VS 
FU 
23 U 
9v, 
73 
45' A 
47 
JJU 
IA U 
49' a 
14' a 

U U 
IO 
IA U 
16 
37 a 
W U 
TAU 
78 U 
TOU 
23U 
TSU 
48*. 
34' a 
AO'* 
ATU 
87 
AO'. 
JU 
AU 
16' a 
JOU 
M* a 
73 
U U 
49 
8' a 
IA U 
A U 
VU 
U U 
35 
7V a 
IT 
SAU 
I JA. 
IAU 
1oV. 
24' a 
IA U 
Al 
♦A a 
VA 
A U 
22 
A U 
J IH 
44 
AAU 
71'. 
J J U 
48 a 
U U 

I? 
1o*8 
U U 
3J 
39 
U U 
?7U 
TV' a- 
JOU 
TAU 
28'a 
48 . 
IA U 
4Pa 
SJ 
83*. 
AO 4 
J ‘ a 
AU 
16' a 
U U 
19' a 
JJU 
12 . 
49’ , 
8 ’ -a 
IS 1. 
4*8 
IO n u 
JS a 

I P 
S Ju 
U U 
M u io u 
24 a 
Ti* a 
AJ’ a 
47 
VS 
AU 
27 
8 * 
J IH 
44 a 
AAU 
77 
14 
AHU 
IAU 

IU 
I * . 

- 
»i 

» 3 

7' a 
JI u m u 
U U 
TA 
77 
M U 
SH' J 
TAU 
1o 
11 U 
14 
8o a 
SU 
?5'« 
THU 
N U 
TSU 
SIU 
JU 
TA 
17 
JJU 
IV , 
M 
IOU 
ISU 
HU 
IAU 
IOU 
13 U 
TO 
V 
16 
S' . 
8' . 
TAU 
74’ . 
VU 
6 ', l l s 
H U 
34' . 
9 i 
U 
UU too 
77 
17 
, 
9 *. 
P U tot f l u 
TA 
9 ', i 
TIU 
V 
17 
JO' • i 
JI 

I 4o 
TRW pt4 AO 
TRW pl4 SO 
T att Brd 
8o 
T s lr o tt t alley 
« l 
Talley p l 
I 
Tamp El I 12 IO 1166 
Tandy 
9 ITO! 
T a n d y c tt 
6 
492 
Tappan 
24 
IO 
231 
Ter tim er 
4o 
9 
7 2? 
Tm h m c lr 
77 
TAA 
T e ih m c n 
I t 
174 
Tr k Iro n * 
IO 16 
863 
Tutee or 
3o 
Tel et or a i 
Tel.'dn 
I ASI 
Teledyn pl A 
Telprm t 
Tele* 
T M inco 
I 88 
T tame pl S SO 
T e viro 
I 
Tesor p l 2 16 
Te*aco 
7 
Te*Com I IO P 
T.u Est 
ISS 
9 
T*F T pl? Kl 
T .E T pl? 87 

S ale* 
Net 
(h d t.) H ig h la w lo t ! Chg 
198 
JJU 
27' a 
J J U * 
'a 
126 22o 
21o 
21? 
- 8 
29? 
7’ a 
ZU 
7 u * 
4 
M U 
18 
M U * 
'a 
N U M U 
M U - 
U 
AU 
AM 
A U * 
'n 
1 7'. 
IAH 
17 
16'. 
39U 
M 
P H l l 
SU 
71 
VU 
IS H 
84 

775 
SS 
787 
477 
IO 
149 
48 
183 
JOI 
1461 
67 
17o 
MO 

IU 

164 
*SA 

MV 

. 
8 
1b 14 
I I? TO 7971 
14 
643 
2o 
IO 
Ort* TO 
I IO 
9 
I JO IS 
3 

 iG s f 
Te» m d 
Tea Inst 
Tea Int 
TeaOGs 
T.F’ r I d 
Tea Uh! 
Teasqll 
Te*uM pl 
Teat' Ind 
T. .Iro n I 4o 
8 
T e .tr pl? o8 
Teak pf I IO 
Tbiokol 
84 
A 
Thorn Bet 
I 17 
Thom In 
44 
8 
Thom J W 
BO 
8 
T h rifty 
48 
IT 
T id w tM r 
AO 
7 
Tiger Int 
SO 
I 
Temelec I IS l l 
Thr e M ir 
BO IO lirn k n 
J 7o IO 
Tishm an 
J J 
TobinP 
ISe 
Todd Ship 
TOI E 'lis 7 17 
9 
TolEd p l? 21 
TonkdCp 
48 
A 
Toot Hoi 
4(lh 
Tracer 
TO 
Trane 
I OH 
T ra il Un I I t 
TW A 
TW A p t 
7 
Transam 
66 
Trans pl4 SO 
T ra n in t I 97 
Tr a risto 
I 
T ra n s it! 
AJ l r GR p l 6 AS 
TrGF* p l IU 32 trG P PIN AA 
TrC P pf? SO 
TranOhF 
78 
Tranw y I AO fr a v lr s 
I o8 
T ra v e r pf? 
TriCon 
? II triC n pl? SO 
TriSnM 
T n a n ln d 
T rm P a r 
52e 
T n n ty ln 
8o 
Tropical! 
SO 17 

6 
187 
8 
771 HJS l l 
319 
8 4399 
9 
IO 1649 
4 18 
87JS 
773 
176o 
78 
46 
IA N 
1o4 

HSA 
64 
4S99 
ASS 
M I 
NS 
Io7A 
33 n o 
341 
IS I 
66 
119 
169 ll? 
TOA 
16T 
943 
IO 
S49 
73 
I UA 
97 
75 
9 
77? 
83 
6 u h 
1o .16 
6. I TA 
IO 
774 
* 
771 
4 
777 
17 
8 7ooo 

77 
9 U 
JZH 
o7 
78 
JI s u 
VU 
ITH 
M U 
N U 
12' / 
I I H 
37*. 
7*. n u 
AO*. 
9 '. 
6 a 
61 U 
VS 
8' . 
J U 
33H 
174 
14*8 
'TAU 
7BU 
JA 
41*8 
77*8 
JOH 
ASH 
IS' / 
HSU 
9*8 
77 U 
37 'a 
TOU 
3 1 '. 
SAH 
AU 
27' 4 
33 a 
24' a 
23*. 
37*. l l n u 
VU 
N U 
P U 
17' / 
J IH 
SAU 
U H 
A' I n u 
'TSU 
2SU l l 
ZU 
IJ U 
IS H 
*AU 
IO '. 
19 
IA H 
IDA 
J IH 
18' i 
IO '. 
7JU 

T u t%tiu I Oh 
TwenCen 
SO tW ii'D s 
T ycoLrtb 
T vier Cp 
UAL Inc 
UAL p l 
UG ICp 

8o 
4o 
AO 
AO 
AO 
I FO 

* 
I * . 
. 
I * . 

16’ I 
47 
SJ 
7AH 
JI 
87 
91 
SU 
S9U 
TAH 
SS 
IV 
IOU 
BV / 
IOU 
IAH 
P H 
IO' I 
IJ H 
M U 
JZH 

U t 
ISH 
SU 
U U 
U H 
IV u 
AU 
13 u 
M U 
SAH 
JAH 
THU 
HH 
BU 
ITV. 
4 
71 so 
29‘ a 

UG! pi 
2 IS 
IJW Clnd 
I 
U M H I Tr 
UOP 
35e 
H U U V tnd 
ISO 
SHU U V In pl I 76 
TO' . MARCO I » ll 
U n a rto 
AO 
TIF' i U m llt 
7Ae 
AZ'i U m N v 3 lie 
I I H Un Ban CP 
84 .. 
SI a UCam p 
I Of) 13 PZA 
SA 
IJnC dfb 
J 8o 9 JAM 

IP 
I 
VIA 
I 
Al 
TAO 
1 1 SO 1o4 
112 
99' 
OI 
A* JI? 
’ 
WA 
I 21o? 
64 
*434 a i 
159 
AH 
I 
83 
ISO 
143 
BJI 
7 
3o4 
I 
34 
13.338 
7 
VAZ 
25 IWS 
3 
8 
133 
7173o 
9 
TBH 
99 r n 
AT? s 
14 
47 
3 
TA ssi 

71 . 
IOU 
JJU 
3 ? '. 
AO 
72 
37 U 
IU 
9*a 
IA U 
TAU 
IO U 
IS H 
IOU 
IAU 
72 
TAH i i * * 
TOU 
TO 
IO1 i 
M U 
IU 
IS’ . 
38'a 

J ', im O n re e 
. 
H i 
U 
TOO 
8 
947 
<41o 
<35o 
<7o 

A 
UmonCp 
IS 
U n E le t 
I JA 
Hi . Un Et pt 3 SO 
SO' , UnE I pt A SO 
ZI 
UnE! p l A AO 
T9u UnE I pf J 17 
47 
HIU U nFl p f 7 44 l l 
87' I U n it pf 
8 
S 
4 a UnF 'd e l 
A 
47 
S3’a UnOCdl 2 IO 
8 
749 
TOU UOC l pf2 SO 
AA 
48 
UPrtC Cp I 7o 14 3o78 
IAU UnPar. p f 41 
S 
VU U n iro y a l 
SO 1A 
VAS 
IT « U n it val p t8 
“ 
“ 
BU U n B rand 
<277o 
IBA 
•7 
4o4 
432 
ITO 
TIA 
IAI 

I?' i 
Un Br rid p f A 
1o 
U m tC p 8oe 
TSU 
U*i E n fts I 17 A 
11 
IIF m e a l 
AO a 
H U llnGrnty 
I 
JSU C iliiu m 
I 44 
9 
J 
JJU U n lllg BAJ JO 
<197o 
N u 
U n k in d 
TO 9 
PO 
11 
U n itln pt 
42 
A u U n itin g 
14 
7 
794 
I? , 
(J jr . Bk 
I CM 9 
MA 
IO U Urn 'SAM 
IVA 
SIU IJnN grlr l l 
VAS 
2 . U n P k M n 
SO 
ISO 
P i UnWefg 
SA 
9 
2o9 
UAFoS I <A*> 
IV use m o 2 ta io n i l 
USG cps I 6D i J lit 
Ii s o y pf I BO 
S9 
UAHorn 
IA 9 TAS 
USI rid 
AO 9 SBO 
USI t asg 
32 
S SA3 
USRty o. 
USShoe 
I 7o 
IJS Steel J TO 

IS' 
47 
71 
JA1 
J* 
A' 
9 
7 
??' i i . . . . 
. _ 
_ ! 
TAU US Tope 
I AO IJ 
428 
34 . U n fe lt! I TO 
7 JI JA 

7 
<84 
IO JA9I 

T IU 
W U 
33 
SOH 
U U 
64' . 
Al 1 a 
BU 
A I 
IS’ < 
4o 
52 
Z I’ t 
/V U 
BA 

V t 
SOU 
'S ’ * ss 
IV 
IO 
HA 
9 
I I ' J io u 
TI' I 
12*8 
W U 
TAU 
74' * 
24 
IS H 
SU 
U U 
W H 
14 
I U 
I I H 
IAU 
53 a 
J V I 
JI 
J *. 
I 
P U 
I U 
74' I 
4o , 
T IU 
JJU 

74' j 
TV** 
I U 
VU 
W U ie 
37' I l l ' / io u 
32U 
AH 
IO U 
SVU 
I U 
AU 
SVU 
94*. 
I U 
J* J 
31*. m u 
M U 
TAU 
27 
34*. 
4oU 
7 7 '. 
IO' / 
43U 
15 
83' I 
VU 
JA' / 
3o 
JO' 4 
3o' i 
S3 » 
AU 
75U 
3 7'* 
73' j 
72 
34 
IOU 
IA U 
9 
M 
P U 
IA U 
TO 
S IU 
IA U 
SU 
I ?1 > 
JSU 
JA' / 
IOU 
7 
P U 
34' I 
JAH 
IOU 
M U n u 
1o7 
JJU n u 
1o 
73' a 
Io3U 
94 / 
JA '. 
VU 
77 
J IH 
M U 
71 ‘ a 
32 H 
IU 
VU 
IS 
24H 
79' j 
IS 
IOU 
IAU 
JOH 
73 
TOU 
JOU 
M U 
TV*. 
M U 
Ma 
14 
36' a 
42' / 
TO*. 
P H 
JJU 
AV'. 
P U 
A? 
SAU 
ZU 
AU 
ISU 
39 
S IU 
71' / 
79'» 
BS 
OZ* * s 
SJH 
74U 
SOU 
17*. 
9 *. 
•S U 
I * . 
W U 
IOU 
JJU 
P U 

I lk ; 
24 
JJU 
ISH 
SH 
W U l l ' / 

V t 
W U 
IAU 
S IU 
24*. i t ' , 
AU 
AH 
VU 

JJU 
47* i 
71'I 
JA 

17 
JI 
- 
P 
- 
' . 
SU 
T IU - 
U 
9 '* - 
U 
37'a * IU 
SA 
* I 
77'* * JU 
79' , ♦ 
U 
S U * u 
V U * u 
U U * u l l ' . 
39 
* 
IU 
W U 
IOU 
34 
» 2' . 
I n u * 
H 
SVU * 
I* 
V U * 
'n 

AO 
* 
VS 
. 
BU * 
J U - 
3JU * 
124 
* 
14' / - 
TAU - 
I V a 4 
JA H * 
A IU * 
J7 U * 
JO' 
AA' 8 * 
IS / - 
BA / * 
VU - 
71' I 4 
J I’ * * 
» u - 
JI 
* 
SJH - 
AU - 
77 
♦ 
3?H * 
24' a * 
J J U * 
1 7 '. . 
IOU — 
17 
♦ 
VU 
M U * 
P U 
JZH * 
21 
* 
S 3 U - 
1AH 
A' / * 
W 'e - 
2SU ♦ 
TAU - 
IOU * 
I 
4 n u 
35 . ♦ 
IA U * 
IOU 
W I 4 
14 
• 
1o4 
» 
J J U * 
IOU - 
IO 
- 
73U 
1o4 
A 
97 
. 
77 
* io u . 
22 
JJU • 
4o 
A 
J IH 4 
17 * » - 
IU * 
VU 4 
IA U * 
JAH 

IS*. A 
IO' r • 
IAU - 
71 
4 
74'4 4 
TOU - 
TOH * 
N U 
79 U 
M U 
IU 
14'. * 
38 
♦ 

Y .o rly 
High lo w 

174 
IS S '. U n T th pf 8 
W I'. II ? ' ■ U n !c h ptz J2 
N U 
17H U n .Tel 
I TO 
2 .1 S 16 Un I T el WI 
29 
TAU Uni TI p tl SO 
Ti 
77 . Urn TI T p 'l SO 
I ’ a 
A-h U m tro d 
IO 
P 
9 
U m var 
SA 
U rtivF d s 
I 
Un I eat 
I 88 
U pjohn t o8 
U S I IF E 
AO 
USI if f I 
96 
U ta h P l 3 IT 

Sale* 
(h d t I H igh la w 

77 'n 
33 U 
ISU 
18 » 
IT' / 
IS « 
JJU 
U 1F>1 pt J 8o 

JZS 166U 
I? PA 
9 7334 
M U 
ATO 
I U 
7 
2 6 '. 
47 
23 
9m 279 
7 ', 
6 
167 
O', 
8 
135 
T IU 
8 
PA 
JJU 
14 1319 
37 
I MIO 
16 
*1oo 
P H 
9 n o 
4 4 '. 
AS 
3 3 'n 

162' n 
PA 
18 
I 
76’. 
JJU 
ZU 
9 
7 o '. 
33 H 
J J U 
ISU ll'N 
47' / 
3 7 '. 

 lost 

166U < 
116 
< 
18' 2 < 
I ' / < 
TAU 
73 
' 
7' / i 
VU • 
2o / 
3 3 U - 
3 6'. • 
16 
* 
P U 
AT’ . 
32H 

N et 
Chg 

JOT. - 
W U * 
33 
A 
SO 
WHA 
AA U ♦ J 
AO a » i 
I U * 
AU 
IS* 4 
19 
♦ 
SIU 
ZI1 < - J 
79-. 
IS 
A 
87’ / - J 
S 
SO 
F 
14'a 
SAU* 3 
19 
A I 
9 U - 
• S U - I 
9 
« n u a 
W U A 
27’ r - 
12 a * 
W u 
I t 4 4 
74 
- 
JJU A 
IS H * 
S H . 
U U * 
I? 
* 
33H * 
J n u * 
IAU * 
52 . * 
B U A 
T A U - I 
7 '. * 
AU 

T s ­ u i / * 
A IU * 
I 
B u * 
JAH E 

JU 

TV a 
N U 
BU 
W . 
BU 
SU 
4 1 a 
14 'a 
Ti 
IS H 
P U 
IS '. 
49 
5o sr 
AO 
HH' / to r 
1o8 . n u 
BV 
BJ1 I 
BS1 / 
AU 
7? 'n 
SA 
71 
SAH 
4' / 
IS H 
I7H 
THU 
TI u 
TA 
14 
39 U 
IT' / 
47 'n 
AH 
8 U 
71 / 
JI 'a 
TV . 
1o3 
SS 
IOU 
JI u 
JJU 
TOU 
15 
71 a 
I E I 
IS 
74' / 
I U 
IV’ 2 
AU 
M u io u io u 
I V I 
THU 
II . at 
Al 
I V 2 
W a 
3o' I le u 
IB a 
IV 
TOU 
S3' i 
SI' I 
AS 
77' a le u 
AB' / 
I U 
37U 
73' / 
<6 / 
A l’ / 
TAU 
74 
7o 
AT 
S3 
77' i l l 
JV' / 
BU 
76' / 
6 U 
M U 
IO 
TA' « 
46 
V U 
4SU 
A H 
IV' a 
JJM 
1o8 
T IU 
TV *, 
77** 
T IU 
33 U 
IO 
ISH 
SH 
W U 
HU 
79' I 
TAU 
39 / 
A 
Bl 
IS 
P U 
7U 
SH'. 
TAU 

 n u v f en 
17' / V S lC orp 
7 
V a lle y ln 
1 4 '. V arm n 
V . V a ro ln c 
AU Vendo 
J' a V en u e 
M U Vest Se I lie 
IS U V elco 
TOe 28 
9' . V iacom 
14 
7 
V ic to rC 
2o W 
14 h VaE Pw I 74 
8 
15 
V a t I* p l4 I? 
IA U VaF P pf 4 TO 
SI 
V a t P pf4 HO 
V aF F* PA 
S 
Va F P p it l l 
V a E P p »8 84 
V a l P PAV IS 
V a E P p l? VO 
VaF 
PWZ 17 
V aE P ptz TO 
V aE P ptz AS 
V ornado 
9 
V o ile AA I IO 
8 
W dbR pf A SO 
War nova 
SA 
9 
War h pf 7 7o 
War t.R ty 
W a !M a rt 
IO I? 
W alg rn 
I IO 
I 
W 'kf A I 4o) 
8 
W all Bus 
66 
8 
W a llM u I 'TO 
S 
W a!Vt p tl 7o 
W a ll Jim I 7o o 
Wan J p l t 
W alt J pAl «o 
W a rd F d 
J7! 
W a rn a iO 
W rnr p t I SO 
W a rn s 
I TO IO 
T6 U Wrn Com 
HO 
7 

SS 
HS 
97' / 
1o4 n u 
HS 
79' . s r 
SU 
74 » 
N / 
17 
47' / 
4 n u 
IAU 
TS 'i 
IB < 
TO' 
IS’ 
33 l l 

V w t - x 

IO 
V 
IJS 
N U 
18' a 
N U no 
A 
94 
19 
18 U 
19 
4o 
13 
4o8 
8' 2 
ZU 
8 U 
78 
13 
SJI 
1 8 * 
17'* 
18 
2o 
4 1o68 
8' . 
ZU 
I ' 2 
64 
SU 
4’ a 
SU 
7o 13 
'A 
4' • 
J U 
3U 

97 
ST 
9' 
77 i 
71 
16 
13' t i 
TO' 
I? 
18' 
6 
18 

71 

W7 
849 
444 
517 
IS 71 
<1oo 
<4o 
/SJO 
<49o 
TSO 
<61o 
<56o 
1o n o t IO 
< no 
164 
261o 
<3oo 
JS5 
4 
1)5 
<94 
17J 
54 
IT? 
SO? 
7 
174o 
<61o 
IOO 
IBI 
SJI 
3 
371 
STJ 
11 
3 

I i i . 
17 'n 
IS H 
14'* n u 
IO*. 
M U 
45* / 
48 
54 H 
SS1. 
86 
9 8 '. 
1oSU 
JOH 
BS 
8o 
B l' » 
SU 
74*. 
49' I 
1 7 '. 
49 
4U 
AU m u n u 
I6 H 
16 
JZH 
76*. 
IV '. 
N U i t 
73’ t 
44 
44 
ISH 
JJU 
I? 
P U 
JA' / 

 l l . 
1 4 '. 
AS1 J 
48 
SS 
SS’ I 
HA 
IOO’ . 
1o6 
I I H 
BZ 
8o 
84 
S’ A 
?6U 
SO 
M U 
49H 

W rnC p l4 TS 
W riiC p p IS 
W rnerCO 
6o IO 
W a rn e d 
I 
14 2S6S 
Wash Os U K 
I 69 
Wash Na* 
8o 
7* 1 15 
W.tsN pf? SO 
W ast'SII 
I 
I 
W asW at I '6 
7 
W a s te d 
JO I? 
W e lk in J 
J? 14 
WayGos 
48 IO 
W eyG pf I 6o 
Wean Un 
OSe fe 
W*-a p l? AH 
W eathrd 
SO 
6 4 w abb D c I 
13 T6SS 
W eisM kt 
o2 
W ellsF g I t? 
W e ill M 
S4> 
W P P pf4 SO 
W I Pf Pe I 4o 
Wstr I Tr t 94 
W n A r l 
4oa 
WnBnC 
I SO 
W " No A 
4ob 
W n P .fl In 
W i-Pobl 
BH 
W Union I AO 
WnUn p i t AO 
W nU n pl I 9o 
WU TI p l 
A 
W U TI PAT SA 
W estgEI 
OI 
AA’ . W est'! PAI HO 
I 
W esAmor 
W stvaco I IO 
W eyhrg I JA 
W eye rh r 
8o 
We yr p l J BO 
Wheel F 
Aha 
W h e n E S IS 

TO 
8 
VOV 
17 
NJ 
<8)o 
7 
893 
B 
J) 
8 
ASA 
o ISH? 
7 
3o1 
A 
SOO 
1 
77S 
o 
43? 
S 
4 
43 
1oS 
A 9465 
/ 34o 
AB 
9 
AOA 
A 
17 
17 A IU 
H I ll 
JBO 
<1oo 

 w 
JSU 
A' J 
BU 
71U 
JI 'a 
TO U 
1o2 
S7U 
IO 
TO a 
J IH 
W U 
JJU 
I I H 
23 
14' v 
23 
AH 
M 1 / 
AU 
IS H 
VU 
IO U 
I t 
77*4 
IOU 
SA I 
37' , 
TAU 
8 *a 
T IU 
IJ H 
M U 
M 
M U 
S IU 
SS 
*3 ’ A 
TAU 
M U 
ASH 
I U 
JI 

A' a 
BU 
71 
JOH 
J I 
IOO 2 s i 1 J 
9' / 

J U : 
W H 
33*a 
TOU 
72U 
14 
7o u 
AH l l 
SU 
ISU 
BU 
B U 
2 5 '. 
TAU 
IOU 
S IU 
IAU 
76’ . 
SH 
TAU 
16 
W a l l 
W U 
SOU 
54' I t i 
JJU 
IA U 

W heel P k 
338 W8 

IJ H 
4 
P U 
I w 
. 
7 4 'i 
JA 
A' i 
7o'* 
IO * 
9 . 

<19o 
<6o 
I) IWV 
A 
67o s 
4 1o/6 
I 

JTA 
795 
7o 
SOA i woo 

W h e lp '! pf 6 
Whei Pa pl S 
W h ir I po! 
I 
W eitCun 1 IO 
W m tC p ie 3 
W h ite M t 
W h itin g I JO 
W h iP d k r 
8 
SS4 
W ickes 
3Ar 
8 ATA 
W iebdtS t 
J? 
8 
IS 
W illia m s 
I IO 7o64 
W illm y pl 8o 
9 
W .fshrO 
HA IO 
146 
W inn D * 
I SA 13 
W m nbgo 
TO 
W inter J 
8oa 6 
TV 
Wist EP 
7 9 
OS 
W ise p l 8 VO 
N m W is&as 
I IO 
TH 
WHG pl 7 SS 
N U Wise P l 
16o 
IB*. W iSi PS 
I AA 
J I 
Wi H o 
I 4o 
ZI 
W itch pf? 65 
W ith D 
AO 
W otvrW 
I? 
W om etco 
AB 
W oodCp 
AO 
Wood Pet 
* 13 
W olrvth 
I AO 
W o U pf 2 2o 
W o rid & ir 
W rig ly 2 4oa 
W ar I Mer 
4o 
W yldin 
AO 
W ytyCp 
Kerr’ * 
K lra 

I 
J I* . 
JOU 
7?U 
J I '/ 
AO'. 
39U 
57' i 
SA 
TSH 
JAH 
74 
73 
W U 
IA U 
ACU 
ACU 
SI 
SI 
75U 
TSU 
39' . 
V t 
JSU 
SH 
U U 
I U 
TSH 
AAU 
1*4 
A IU 
I 
IAU 

J3U 
74 
39 
AU 
JSU 
SU n u 
JU 
JAH 
AAU 
I U 
A IU 
SH 
M U 

I 3o71 
Al 

 io 4 la a 
29U 
79 a 
ICA 
1o6 
TOU 
TO 
TOH 
IV' / 
JJU 
79 
U U 
4' » 
IP 2 
ZU 
75H 

W U 
28 U 
JOU 
19 
31' / 
79 
U U 
A 'n 
P U 
I 
23* 

IS1 
I TO l l 777o 
OB. 
I 
Sit 

<5 a 
< j'. 
JSU 
.AV, 
37' a 
36 

Bf 
(4 
I I H 
I'# 
J? 

S 
/S U 
I J /, 
IOU 
Th 
<8U 
7o*. 

M U 
IAU • u n ­ io n - 
M U - 
45 / - 
48 
- 
SS 
A 
5SU * 
BA 
99 
A 
1o5' / 
J O U - 
BS 
- 
HO 
BP / - 
SU 
JAH - so 
- 
I t 
A 
49 / A 
A1 a 
14 / * 
161 a » 
7 7 '. * 
N U 
JA 
« 
44 
« 
34 U * 
P U - 
J8 .A 
AH * 
I U * 
J I 1 / * 
M u ­ i r < - to? 
- s r / . to 
* 
28'a • 
T IU 
W U - 
33 *4 * 
T IU . 
23 
* 
M U * 
JJU * 
A' / 
M U A 
AU * 
IS H * 
9 . » 
IO U * 
26 
* 
TA U - 
IOU • 
SA 
* 
3 4 ' . 
TA’ / - 
• ' n * i t / * 
IA U - 
W U - 
W U 
W U - 
5o U - 
SS 
A 
Al 
* 
JA 
W U - 
47 a 
I 
J IH A 

57 
A 
JS M * 
74 
* 
IA U • 
AO . - 
51 
* 
TS 
» 
TS U * 
39 
- 
7 U a 
IS ’ < 
S H ­ 
U H — 
J U - 
25 
• 
4 4 ’ . a 
BU - s i n ­ s' < 
IAU * 
7 9 U - 
1oS 
- 
JO U A 
IV 
JOU 
N U A 
32 
* 
79 
A 
I J U — 
AU l l ’ * 
ZU 
24 
- 
TS’ * a 
3 7 U * 
A a 
•o 
* u u - i w . . 
1 U - 
49 
- 
J I H * 

- Y 
- Z 
- 
W H 
IO 
Yates 
7 
ITO i j * . i i i j m a P 
16 » 
M . /.ile C p 
88 A lls ! 
IS U 
IS 
IS H * 
' 
IS l l 
/ a l.p tA 
BO 
S 
U U l l 
13 
-r 
• 
M U IOU Zapata 
<oti J 
18o3 
P U IOU 
IO U - 
' 
SO it 
Zapata pl 
2 
*3 
4AU AAU 
AAU* 
* 
> 
/ . ty r e f p 
6 IV 14 
B n ZU 
8 ' a * 
’ 
73 
/*-n.IPR 
I l l 2/lA 
JAH 25 
2A’s* I* 
Ii 
/untied 
48 9 
7/8 
IJH U U 
U H * 
' 

HU 
78 
16 

28 
U U 
P U 
V / p / 
ISH it' / 
7*8 l l 
JJU 
?'.. 
TH 
37 U 
IU 
IS ’ n 
I H I 
7'a 
18 a 
M U 
4 I ’ ii 
ISU 
HU 
I I ’ 4 
IS H 
Io'8 

8 a 
SU 
A' 8 
VU 
3’ < 
17' . 
IU 
W U 
SI 4 
3o H 
I ' a 
16 H 
TU 
P U 
6' / 
I 

IO 
?' / 
71’ / 
TH 
W H 
6 / 
IOU 
IO' J 
I U 
16'4 
13 'N 
SH 
3 ' a 
A' 8 
S'a 
IU 
7 
?' , 
43' a 
6 's 
7 ’ a 
P U 
11 4 

2oU D aniel 
18b 
IO' / D atapd 
ZU Day M in 
7or 7o 
478 
ZU D e Ju rA 
IOC 148 
7 
I ' a De Rose 

Sole* 
N et 
(h d t 
I High la w l a i t Chg 
o 
87 74U 
72U 7 7 'r - 
IU 
8 
4o3 P U 
IO U IO U - 
' 8 
P U 
VU l l 
A 
'A 
ZU 
7*8 
7 U 
I U 
IU 
IU 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday M arch 19 1 9 7 7 

14 
D .IL d h s 36 
7 
62 
M ’ a 
M U 
1 4 ', 
U U 
D e lM P r 
6o 
6 
6 
U H 
U a 
U H * 
6’ 4 D e llw d F 
54 
12 
IV 
7 
6U 
7 
* 
8 . D e n T d lE 
9 
139 
IO U 
IO U 
IO U — 
N U D e p s ilr 
I 52 
6 
5 
J J U 
71 
71 
♦ 
P i D e ig n J w 
o 
7 
? 
? 
S e 
DevCpA 
7 
6? 
AU 
AU 
A U * 
26'4 
D evonGp 1o/1SOo 
37H 79H 
J J U - 
3 U D ig ico n 
73 
3 U 
3 U 
J '. 
U U O iMardSI 
JO 
5 
M 
M U 
U U 
13’ #-- 
D io d e s 
7> 
IU 
D isF ab 
IO 
13 
IS 
JU 
D .versey 
SA 
9 
ISS 
17 
D. <ilyn 
4oe 
A 
IOO t i ' * 
Dom . Pl 
8 
477 
IV ', 
O om tar 
8o 73 
7 
IS H 
Donkeny 
78 
J 
35 
SU 
Downy 
7o*' 
4 
AS 
W U 
O re* UH 
I 32 
16 
17 
D r.v H a rr 
IT 
IOU 
DrgF a ir 
JOH 
I 
26 
IO ', 
D u n lo p 
D u p '* I’ d 
OAe 
5 
SI 
I U 
I 
7 
124 
W U 
D ui Tst 
3ob 
8 
Al 
7 
D v n lc tn 
DA 
14 
3A9 s 
Dyn Am 
A 
342 
S ', 
D y n n l IE I 
28 
12o 
ZU r AC in 
7 
IHA 
3' / 
F D G Inc 
2 Sc 
3 
8 
I 6 U 
E aq leC 
43 
P / 
E ar th Res 
I l l 
543 
I 8 U 
EasonO 
?ob 
17 
I 16 
S IU 
F strnC 
AO 
9 
31 
IOU 
E a /o rf 
74 
S 
I 
SU 
F codvn 
IOC ll 
139 
1 6 ', 
F d " 'o s 
Al 
? '» 
F DO 
I Oc- 
A 
28 
IOU 
E qa n M 
JO 
7 
3 
S' / 
F b re n P 
7oa 
A 
189 
6 ’ 4 
E lco* Cp 
I? 
7 
12o 
A 2 r I He se 
IOC 
IO 
4 ’ a 
E IA ud D 
VII 
8 
I '8 
I 'a 
F lee troq 
I 
7 
19 
IS d e r Emq 
2o 
6 
18 
8' / 
E le e ' Rec 
17 
I U d e r Am 
I 7o 
9 
77 
1 1 ’ / 
E n q y R -, 
C rnslE C 
9 
39 
A 
AJ 
A 
7o? 
W U 
E s p e y M t 
S 
71 
SU 
E saR ad 
We s 
35 
O' 2 
Esse* Ch 
12 
7 
735 
IO' > 
EWL av 
138 
8 
7’ a 
F v a n A r 
2or 
IO 
33 
IS U 
Fi *e r Ind 
4 
IVA 
W H 
11 
P U 
4' j f .e t urn l i t M 
19 
J U 
F D im e 
Ole IO ll? 
V a I PA Corp 
3 
P . 
Fab m d 
?Se 
4 
78 
I db'IH! 
o5| IV 
19 
I 
I a ir T i* 
71 
I H F a ir (Nob 
VI 

I 
IU 
15U 
IP i 

I ?1 2 
IAU 
9*4 

 l u l l ) 16 ■ 
W U 
W U 

IH A 
U 
I 
- 
U 
IA U * 
U 
IP / 
39' a * 
IU 
15 U * IU 
S U A 
' 4 
U U - 
' a 
IA U 
' a 
IO a— 'a 
IO 
I 16 

 i'« 
4U 
SH 
AU 
2’ , 
IAU 
P a 
18' a 
49 *4 
27' a 
SH 
16 a 
I U 
IO' 2 
S'a 
JU 
6 
4 a 
4 
14’ / 

7 
S 
A 
51 i 
Z U • 
I 
3U a 
16 1 A 
EU - 
M U * 
SO' . a 
JO '..* 3 
S H ­ 
IA 
J U - 
1 o '.- 
5 H * 
S U - I 
A 
- 
4’ » - 

11 I 
2o H 
71 
S U 
S 
IO U w 
4 U 
5 
V U 
VU 
2 U 

M U . 
8’ / ' 

4 'a 
J U 
SU 
S’ / 
3U 
7 
J U 
34". F a lco ns 
I IO 1o8o 
43 
S' 
F am Dole 
TO A 
IO? 
J 
* a m i Per 
Ne 
3 
JI 
9 
I annyF 
SOC- 
7 
8 
I 
F a sh F a b 
33 
F a y Dr q n 
13 
Fed M a r! 
6o S 
13' « 
I edWHy I T4 14 
4 
I (8)oes 
16'j 
I el m n I 
7oe N 

A U 
J U 
IO’ / 
P a 

14' , l l ' * 
4 ' / 
2'a 
SH 
SU 
J U 
IU 
Wa 
4 o U 
SU 
7 
IOU 
I 

14 
19 
M U 
36 
IS H 
M U 
VIZ 
7o 
VU 

S’ / 
5 
N U 
M U 

JU 
14 
ITH 

S 
4’ 8 s 
7o 
W U 
J IH 
A1 / 
IP I 
8' / 
P U 
VO 

V U - 
I A 
IO’ 
* 
U 
JU 
M U - 
U 
P H - 
'a 
4' / — 
' a 
J U — 
'a 
SU - 
* a 
S U - 
'a 
V t - 
' a 
P a * 
' a 
J 
- u 
43'a * l a 
A U * 
'n 
I 
- 
U i o u - u 
I U * u 

14 
ISU a 
'8 
5 U * 
>8 
IS H 
9 *" * 
1 8 
P / * 9 16 
JU 
I U - u l l 

I 'n F e i s t y 36 
S 
16 
U F 'b te b rd w l 
1o9 
I U IS 16 
7 
F i del CO 
SO 
J U 
JU 
I H 
F ilnS C pA 
TI 
I e 
IU 
ZU F ilm w y OSr 
9 
999 
I P * 
VU 
SU 
FinG '-n 
IO 
A 
I t 
IOU 
IOU IO 
. - 
8 
F inG n A 
IO 
IV 
IO’ 4 
VU IO - 
A 
F I Conn 
SO 
I? 
IO 
ZU 
V t 7'a 
* 
IS 16 F S IH ,.M fd 
I? 1U15 16 
I 
- 
3' a F ' lW rt p* 
SO 
8 
4 U 
4U 4' a 
* 
9 
F SISE Sh 
16 
SI 
IOU 
IOU 
P a f s lm r k 
TO 
J U 
IU 
U U 
F is rh rP 481 
A 
N J 
14U 
U U 
16' 
F ilth b G I 44 
9 
17 
IA H 
U H 
I U 
F Ia g o 
8 
I U 
IU 
J U F la q s ia tt o3e 
A WA 
4*8 
3 U 
I P a 
F lig h t SI o9e 
IO 
4o? 
U U 
W H 
'a F lo t k 
IV 
U 
4' j 
Fla C a p 
S 
JO 
4’ a 
4's 
J 18 
F ld R t k 
14 
I? 
J U 
3 U 
3 
F to w G e n 
A 
136 
4 ’ a 
4 U 
IS H F lo w e rs AO 
7 
43 
N U 
M U 
IS 
F lu k c J l l 
74 
IA U 
IA H 

IO1 . » 
J U A 
14 
* 
IA U - 
IU 
4 
- 
13 
- 
'a — 
4 U - 
3 H - 
4 'a 
N U * 
IA U 

J’ / 
IP > 

TOH 
F'lyD dO 
8 AA? 
24U 23' * 
24 
- 
SU F o o d rm 4o 4*1o? 
A U 5 H 
AH 
9' ? F oodws 
2oa 
6 *79 
ZU FooteM 
2Se IO 
IS 
IOU lO O Ie pf? TO 
I 
SS 
FordCan Sa A /P O 
8 6 ' 
Va 
ForeslC OSe 8 
I 
V t 

P 
Z U — 

J U F o re stL a b 
A 
I u Fo*S»aP 
SO 
9 
3U 
3’ N F ra n k ln R t 
VU 
8 F ra n k N u 
JA 
A 
18 I 
IS H I ra n i/ 
ooa 
A 
111 a 
16 F re s n illo 
<o Si 
SU 
4 ’ n F rie d m 
?8b 
A 
J U 
I U F rie n d /r 
18 
V • a 
ZU I n g tm p 
SSI 
A 
HU 
AU F rts i by 
-JOE* 
9 
7 ' n 
A F ro u t A ir 
N I 4 
IU ? H t ro o t A ir * t 

76 ll? 
VI 
36 

9 ’ a 
7 H 
3o U 
3o U 
3o U — 
85' / 
85' 
ZU 
J U 
ZU 
3 ', 
SU 

ZU 
3 
J U ­ 
J U * 
9* 
16' / 
JO 
U U 
21 
39 
SU 
SH 
83 
7 ' 4 
SI 
BU 
W 
7 '* 
78 
A’ I 
3o 
7 U 

IS H 
1 S U - 
21’ 

J1 
8 
ZU 
A '. 
JU 

G 
H 
I 

AO 

Pa G I T Iud 
J U GR I Cp 
I 
GSC En 
I U G T I 
W U G a b rie l 
4'n G d la *y 
9 
G aran 
I 
G a rc ia 
3'a G a rla n d 
B's G a ti'S trje l 
41 j G a y lo rd 
ISe 
1 *11 16 G a y n o r 
TU 
Pa G n E m p 
Nr 
H U 
SU G e n t . p 
?U 
I U G nM oos 
I U IS 16 G n R i ere 
3 
2U G enge 
IU 
I U G en i sr o 
6 U 
SU G e n o v D r 
Pa Geon md 
4'n G e rb e r tA'e G iant Fd la 
6 ' i G ia n t Yet 
J U G la d d in g 
IU G la s ro c k 
33' i G la ttltr 
I 8o 

IU 

J U l l ' . 

P U 
I 

P H 
SH 

JU 
BU 
IMH 

 u s 
4?C IO 
9 
13 
3? 
4o 
A 
>4 
6 
1o7 
S 

3 
I U 
I n u 
4 ’ . 
43 
IO1 2 
?' i 
J U 
VU 

 u t 
4 
TA 
I 
761 
3 
18 
78 
I 
73 3o37 
13 
3 
716 J U 
TO 
I 
6 
47 
J U l l 
76 IU 
6 
A SU 
43 
IU 
IOO 
SU 
5 
71 17 
741 
8 
148 
J U 
117 
SU 
6 
18 

I ’ . n u 
I u 
9 U 
J U 
3 U 

S' 8 • 
J U * 
8 A * 
7 '. * 
AU - 
? U * 

I I. — 
3 
IU 
7 
* n u - 
4 ’ a « io u ♦ 
J U - 
J u - 
VU * 

1H 13 16 
I U 
IU 
IO U 
I U 

IU 
13 
2 
IS 1615 1 6 -1 16 
J U 
JU 
I U 
... 
St / * 
U 
I ' * - u 
S H * 
I U 
IA H * 
>■ 
ZU * 
’ n 
3' a — 
' • 
SU 

4 
G lenG er 
16 HS 
83 

JU 
NU 

73 U 
S 
«' i 

AU 
7! i, 
JZH 

1o / 
IO '. 
S a 
11 U 
IO' . 
A U 

7 

IU 
S’ . 
8 

TV i 
I 
3o 
THU 
ZU 
BU n u 
SU 
SU 

W H s 
IS H 
35*. 
IU 
SU 
37U l l ' . 

6' / 

3 
73'a 
TH 
M U 
SO 
P i 
V t 
ZU 
IU 
U U 

U / 
IU n u 
I '. la 
ISH 
ZU 

TV 'a 
IU 
I / * , 
M U 
IV , 
IU 
7 
7o 
BU 
16 f t 

I I H G lenDiS 
441 
IS - G lob. In 
7o 
A 
VU Glosser 
3? 
S 
P U G lo m s it 
4 
3 
G lover lOe 
P a G id b la tt 
78 IO 
IO 
G oldnCyc 
4o 

I U 
SU 
S U 
I U 
IU 
S U 
A '. 
17 
IA U 
8 
TU 
J U 
J U 
SU 
SU 
35U 
35' / 
35' / - 
5’ a 
4 U 
SU 
IS H 

7'a 

Yeorly 
High 
Lew 

JU 
IU 
4’ / 
V > 
IO' a 
P U 
78U 
J U 
4’ * 
A 
M U 
7 H 
7'a 
ZU 
VU 
Va 

JU 
W11 
P U 
11 
JU 
JJU 
78' i 
IU 
4 
IU 

 to 

Va l a ) /R a d 
26 
7 la k e S h o r 
4 
P a In d m r k 
3 U la n e c o 
12 
4 
7 
L a T o u rB 
9 
SH le a R o o 
4oa 
7 
VU te a m Co 
5o 
7 
73’ a le e E n tr 
AO I? 
IU te e N atl 
3 U le e P b a r 
J 
SH L e b io h P r s 
IP / LeighP d 
I U L e W y re T 
AU le v in In 
2.1 
S 
S . le w is B P 
3o 
8 
A' . I k ity Fab 
5 
A » L ig h lo lr 
16 
7 
SU I ill. Ann 
2? 
8 
3 'i l i n t In A m 
16 
A U L lO yds E I 
A 
J U lo d g e s 
We 
S 
17 
I o hm i! 
8oa 
7 
V a to e w T h p w t 
ZU L o g ic o n 
9 
? u Log i si ic 
OAe 
6 
18 1 ■■ L d G 'fiS v 
8? 
A 
27 
Louis Ce I 32 
7 
3' a lu n d v E l l l 
7 
I y rc h C p 
P o ly n n w e a c 

Sole* 
(hd» I High lo w lost Ch 
179 
O'a 
I ' 2 
ZU * 
41 
V /?S 16 
2 U 
47 
I U 
IU 
IU - 
*44 
4’ 2 
I U 
4 U * 
175 
V / 
J U 
? H * 
3? 
IOU 
9 J* 
V U - 
26 
IOU 
IO 
IO 
398 
74U 
23 U 
24 2 4 
7o 
IU 
IU 
IU 
ISS 
4 
3H 
3 U 
A 
A 
SU 
A 
* 
IV 
W U n u 
W U * 
78 
7 U 
IU 
7 
- 
8 
AU 
AU 
AU - 
743 l ’ a 
ZU 
ZU * 
3? 
SH 
7 ', 
S H * 
14 
ZU 
7 
7 l l 
AU 
A '* 
A U — 
4? 
3 U 
3' / 
3 v» 
144 
7 
A' 2 
6 ’ « • 
AZ 
V 2 
J U 
JU 
36 
18 7 
ISH 
18 U - 
491 
9 U 
8' 4 
S U - 
SIO 
14 
17' / 
13' 2 * 
3*4 
7? 
JU 
71' 
3' * 
J IH - 

3 
71 
I t 
17 

M 
N 
O 
9 
4 
M P D 
4 
32 
Va 
Va NIWA 
4o W 
I 
I 
1116 M a c c o d 
4 
87 
17 
IS '* Mr POS I 4o 
7 
9 
SU 
4 , M arnoth o7e 
IO 
24o 
I H 
3 ’ >i N lnqood 
S' i 
41 a M a n h lte 
28 8 
AU 
4H M anstT 
o?r 5 
I <13 16 M a rtn d o le u 
W a M a rk e t! 
28 
A 
I 'n 
A' 
M a rle n e 
3 
SU 
4 
M arsh Fd l a 
A i M a rs h ln 
4 
JJU 
18 M M a rtP r Soe 
A 
IO 
8'« M aslnd 4oa 
5 
38’ . 
JA M asneiln 
3o 6 
IU 
3 
M a s te rs 
A 
P U 
8 '. M ater Re 
78 
IO 
S a 
4’ 
M aul Br 
Mb A 
U S IA Mc C ro ry w t 
P a 
3 
Mc C UlO 
73 
SAO 
JJU 
16 M i W ish 
84 
7 456 
I / 
3 
Mr Keon 
AA 
H U 
1? M eanyF I o8 
8 
J? 
V / 
7 < M edals! 
44 
7 
IM 
TU 
P . M e d aln G p 
7o1 
7' a 
IU M **dcoJw 
16 
IO 
VV. 
8'ii Meclenco 
7o A 
SO 
AU 
SU M e d fie ld 
4 
15 
7o 
W U 
Med aGn 4o 
8 
72 
P U 
IP a 
M i-gel nl 7o 
4 ?49 
N U 
16 ME MCO 
I A 
32 
3 
I'.. M ere u tile 
3 
I J* A 
SH M e te * 
3o 
4 
73 
N U 
16 < M e tp lh 
16 
59 

I 
77 U 
27’ ; 
27 U . 
3'a 
3 a 
IU 

3'A 
JU 
IU 

A 
74 
71 
IAT! 
189 
77 
S 
.19 
799 
At 
48 
4 S 
21 
32 

I U IS 16 M e lro c a r 
1 
M etro O r I 
3’ a M ic h G en 
IOU M ichSug 
I 
V a M ichS tit 
24 
S' i M ic k lb ry i'» M .didC o 
IOU M idlG Is 
A ' - M ille r 
H 
IV 
M ille r WO 
6o IO 
S IS l l 
M 'IR o y 
TS 
8 
244 
■ 
SS 

8o 
53 
144 
7 
IO 
3 
39 
13 

*21 
355 
147 
A 
733 
74 
/IO 
72oo 
*16 
7 
14 
35 
28 
18 
A 
15 
94 
9 
MS 
18 
MA 

45 

 n 
AV 
3B 2o68 

16 
N U 
IOU 
W U 
3U 
4U 
W 
13 
I 
7 
8 
AU 
54 
J IH 

ZU 
AU 
I 
78 14 
32S 
37 U 
36 
3 '* 
S '. 
A' 
77 
IS H 
111 
TS 
78 

V I, 
V '. s 
HS 
77 U 
73 
IO U 
49 
4o s? 
1o3 l l 

5- 
P » 
14' > 
6 U 
5' 

I 
74 
169 

IO* 
4 U 
W 2 

3o W 
16? 
13' 
A 
45 
I 
4 
31 
9 
W 
43 
9 ’ . 

Got d oc y 
GoldnW 
' n G o ld fie ld 
PU G o o d lS 
o7r 
AU G oodrich wt 
4’ ll Got in s t toe 
5 
IV' ; Cor m w 
9oa 
o 
3U G ould! T 
24e 79 
A' z G randA u 
3o 
S 
7 / G rn dC tl 
3o 
6 
SH GI A m Iud 
4 
SU G tB asm P 
J I4* G tlk C h 
J U G reenm n 
SU G re e rHy 
I? 
S 
A 
GRF IT 
4o IO 
U U G ross Tic 
I 
8 
SU G ro w l 
32b 
7 
8 ’ / G uardC 
SO 
8 
IU G u ilfo rd 
JO 
4 
74 u G ltO Can t o8 8 
9 ■* G it Rep En 
4 
5 U G u lts trm 
U FFalroPd 
S 
W U M a ils h o t 
17 S 
3 ' a H am pD 
ISI* IS a m 
4 '* H a m p tn 
3 
3'a 
U U M annfrd 
7? S 
O '. 
IOU M anvrSh 
AO 
S 
SU 
4 U H a nS g R t 
I 
18'" M arland 
AO IO 
S 'n 
4 k H a rtfd Id 
IU ll 
H a rt/M l u l l 16 H a tvey 
V U 
ZU H asbro 
TO 
I 
VU H asting 
4oa I 
■IU 
3 U M aw.it A 
(Or 3 
o 
6 a M eant Ch 
W 
SN 
VU 
V t 
A * Meal th M 
3o 
S *9o 
7*8 
I u H em tck lOe 9 
/8 
J U 
JU H < "tm M tg 
S7 
Wa 
J U M iO tn r 
39 
SI 
3'a 
4 'a H ig h la n d 
I? 
S'a 
SU M tlfliavt! 
3? 
S 
JA 
A u 
SH M ip trn ic 
TO 16 
AV 
AU 
J U H o lm a n 
S J J U 
27 
M olnqA 
I 8o IO 
4 
79 
I U H oi I yCp 
IO 
26? 
A • 
76’ a MomeOA 
75 
8 
14 
79 
73 
Hor met 
I I? 
J 
5 H H o rn M a r 
A '* MospM 
Ade 28 
I ? 'n H otel In 
I 37e 13 
4 '. nous Wile 
3o s 
4 H MouseVi 
3? W 
ZU H o s M ln n 
21 
38 
ADU 
42 » H ouO ilM 
8o JI 3748 
IS' / H ow .‘IC 
<o 8 
54 
JU How ell 
IS*.' 3 
32 
33’ * Hubei IA 
I SO IO » IS 35 
33' / Hubei IB 
I SO IO a IO 34 
4 
H u t'M ig 
TO 
IJ 
J 
4 ' a 
<' a M uds" On 
JI* I Mud BO 
I S? 8 
II 
H o ttm o i! 
SO 
4 
J U M untM it 
ISe 
S 
TSU 
W U M uskyo 
8o 
8 1198 
74U 
Pa 
J U H y c e l In t 
17 
4o6 
J U ICHCp 
3Jt S 
IS 
■ S 
K M R 
WA 
ZU 
AU I V C M g 
7o 
A l l 
JU 
7 
ISC F.nl 
J? IN 
1 l l IA IT ICP 
W 
AU 
S '. Im pC b 
JOe I 
IU 
I U Im p G rp 
o7e 
9 
7 
Im p er mo 
TO' 
Im p O ilA 
86 IO 
889 
T IU 
I U Inarco 
I? a In c o lrm 
47 in P l pl 
I U In tlig h lS v l'a Inolea 
4''* Instro n 
TO 
' n In s tr Sys 
81 
In s iv p l 2Se 
Wa In te g R e s 
5 
I U In lr a led 
IO 
IOU In tl A lum 
SO 
7 .47 
?' . In t B nkn t 
16 
SZI 
I I H 
Int to u r 
78 
9 
SA 
P a In lF d S v i 
J U In lF u n rl 
OSe A 
W a IntG e nln 
VO 
S 
4' a IntFY om 
S 
A' 
In t H aw 
6o 
4 
11 2 In t Sir tell 
W H In tS y Con 
25 
A 
‘ a In le rp h o ! 
1 4 b In le rp o o l 
I 
17 
Intr way 
ISe 
I 
7o4 IV 2 l l 
In v O v a 
7oe 
S l l ) W U 
4 U 
InvO B OSe 
5 
49 
4 U 
4 P. In v R lT r 
PJO 
AU 
14 ' a Io n ic s 
M 
A'n iro q B rd 
7o 
M U Iro q B rn d pf 
SU Irv ln in d 
IAI 
A U Is ra e li) 
IS f 

19 
9 ’ a 
I? 
3' 8 
J U 
P U ll 

7 * 
ZU 
4 a 
TOU 
4 '. 
6 U 
7 ', 
A’ N 
A1 < 

15' a - IU 
19 
- 
U 
IO 
- 
U 
W U * 
' a 
J U - u 
J U - u 
IJ 
I 
W U ' 
I 
A 
7 
ZU i 
4' A 
TO a 
5 
' 
6 H 
7 '. 

P 

J ’ 
SH 
A1 H 
M U 
9 
VU 
4 1 A 
2 6 '* 
71 
V a 
S U 
I n u 
A1 / 
SU 

AU 
37 
* 
3 '. * 
S'a 
A1 k 
15H * 
V U * 
9 in - 

V M ­ 
S' / - 
I U * 
14 
- 
6U * 
S' 
AB 
W U l l ' * 
U U . 
IO* 2 
IO’ I - 
4 U 
4’ a * 
IV 
IV 
» 
4 1 a 
4 U * 
I? '* 
W U * 
U IS 16 
8’ / 
8 
O’ a i 
4' A * 
SH * 
Z U * 
J u t l u 
­ lu* 
5 U 
A u ♦ 

N 
76 
5 
S U 
78 
8' . 
1o7 
W U l l 
V a 
4' I 
I U 
41 
IAU 
4* * 

» 
SU i l l 
32 

J U - 
?♦ 
* 
S U — 
7 1 ', - 

 r v 
I U * 
W U 
4 '* 

O' 2 
4 U 
ZU 
7 
J 
P 2 
J U 
S '. 
A 
SH 
J U 
78' I 
S U 
78' / 
25 U 
S H 
I U w *. 
4'a 
4 H 
4 U » 
Z U 
ZU - 
4JU 
4 4 '. - 3 
IA U 
IA U - 
1 
4 
4 
- 
J4H 
3 4 '.* 
34' 2 
34U - 
I U s 
31' 

4' 
SU - 
JI 
PO 
W U 
W H 
1 J U ­ 
J U 

SU 
I 
J U 

3» a 
23' a 
J U 
J U 
S 
A U 
J 

J U - 
7 3 U - 

5 H 
AU - 
J ’ 

13 

U I S IA U IA I) 16 
34 
AU 
SU 
A 
15 
I U 
IU 
16 
J U 
7 U 
TOU 
I U 
I ) 
47 

9 
PU 
37 
U H 
<64o 
SO 
78 
I 
JO 
SI 
843 
134 
79 
A) 

TI 
71 
J I 
1o8 
SI 
45 

IU 
ZU 
I 
I U 
I U 
ZU n u 
J U 
13' 2 
I ' 2 
V I n u 
A' / 
SU w 

I U 
IU 
ZU u 
8 ' / 

W a* I 16 
J U * 
I I 
♦ 
I U - u 
U H - 
U 
SO 
. J U 
IU 
IU 
TU 
U 
I 16 
8' A - 
’ A 
IU 
TU 

SU 
WU 
ZU 
76'n 
IAU 
7 
P MiSSnfT 
I 16 I A t M 'SSti I T w l ll 
IP M ii Pie R 
I 
US 8 
’ VU 
39 M itc h lE 
I? 
II 
IOU 
Va M ite C p 
2o I 
ZU 
SU M o d M a id I Or 
4 
31 a 
JI i 
6,'o ly c rp w t 
SU 
I ’ n M o n M qt 
IO 
S 
ST 
SO M o n t’ pt4 4o 
S3 
SI M o n o p l ) SO 
IV a 
IO' i 
Mood 
AO 
7 
A 
S’ . M fg G»h 
48e 33 
A1 a 
4 h M o rto n s 
3? 
4 
IU 
3 U M ot I SM 
o?e 
I l l ' a 
M U 
M tV M il 
I TO 74 
IP a 
ZU M o vS ta r 
44 
A 
7 
P a MOV'fla b 
7 
S 
4 'n M u lti A m 
7o 9 
8 a 
ZU Napco to*' 7 
) . 
3 
N a rd a M to 4? 
M U 
N U Nat CSS 
TO 
9 
SU 
S' .. N D is tr 
16 4 
IU 
P l N a tH im e 
A 
U 
N aP nd w t 
'TU r.« N K in n e y 
258 
IT ■ 
7’ 
N lP a ra o 
4o 
4 JAO 
12' / 
8 a N tP a te n t 
71 
894 
IU 
3 U N tS 'lv e r 
15e 
4 
76 i n 
7 . N tS pinng 
MT 
13 
SU 
J U N a !S ysl 
IO 
52 
U H 
IO N atw M o 
36 
7 
IS i ' n 
3U Needier 
} 
IU 
I 1 
N e llv Don 
77 
TU 
P 
Nelson 
I B l l 
19 
A 
27 
17 
134 
45 
ISI 
> PA 
9o 
IO 
174 
59 
9 
18 

34 l l 
BIA y?7o 
31 
16 
166 
157 
1o 
37 
11 
25 t i 
AB 
AO 
36 
185o 
IO 
A 
16 
18 
73o 
132 

I „ 
I ' . Ne*.IL M 
JI 
4 
T7'« NE N u de 
5o ll 
17 
I J[ 
WU 
I 
N H y m p 
N id r.a 
1oa 
Ojo t i 
J 
16 
74’ a N A V . Ar 
VA 
IO H 
V / N P ro. 
Ade 
9 
17 a 
IS' / 
NY T im e ! 
AO 
8 
1o a 
9 
N ew bE n 
2o s 
TI 
I 
2 
18 
4 ’ n 
New cor 
N e w p rk lb 
5 
A 
I a 
I 
N e* ws 
MI 
A 
15 a 
13' a NtaqP bv 
SA 
S 
4 4 
I 
Ne hols 
TZI 
4 
I a 
2'a 
N o el Iu d 
S 
I a 
4 
Nolo* 
39 
IU 
7 U Nor lek 
o4 
I? 
)A n 
13U Nor Am R 
IO 
8 
8' 2 l 'a 
N orC dnO l l 
SA a 
5? 
N IP S pf 
4 25 
3 4 
JU NovoCp ll 
4 
Nor ID la 
16 l l a 
IO 
N u niacO 
7? 
I a 
3 m OF. A in t 
2o 
IO ll a 
9 
OakwrJH 
o9r 
I iv 
16 
O ffsh o re 
4 
I a 
SU Ohio A rt 
?4a 
7 
45 4 
37’ ■ Oh.OB 
7 
4 
H 4 
7 U Oh Sealy 
48 
7 
IO a 
ZU O H alnd 
4oe 
9 
7? 4 is u 
OnL ineS 
13 
IV 
J3 
OO k top 
IJ< 
I' 2 
P a 
O r.q m a la 
V 4 
6 
O r.o te H o 
J ’H 
I U O rm o n d 
JI 
16 
I? '" U S ullvn 
AO 
A 
8' 4 
A'a O u'd rS p 
O verh Or lOe 
A 
I? 
K 
IOU 
SO 
J 
TU 
I 
o » tn rd F ! 
J 4 
3'a O zark A lOe 
4 

7*n - 
7' / 
’ n 
IS '* — 
4'a * 
4 
SU * 
5 * A 
I 
W U - 
A' / — 
SU * 
Va * 
IV a - 
IO 
* 
38 
4 'n 
IOU 
4' 7— 
I 16 
3U • 
W U * 
3'a 
W U - 
VU * 
2' A * 
1*6— 
BU 
5' , * n u * 
I? 
- 
18’ . * 
7'A 4 
O' 
- 
16 H — 

11 U — 
3U 
A1 j * 
5 
* 
P H * 
6 * a 
26' / * 
IS 
* 
I U ♦ 
I Al 
41 
* 
47 
_ 
8* A * 
AU * 
IO ’ . 
S' i ~ 
SI 
♦ 
S3 
P U - 
A 
* s 
■IU i 
M U * 
IO * 
Wa ■ 
4 '* 
8U ♦ 
3*p* - 
2o’ / ♦ 
S '* - 
IU - 
1 J— I 
7H - 
J la ­ i r / 
3U 

 io u 
4 
- 
’ > 
P / 
1 I 
JU 
WB 
>( 
T V /* 
IU 
IS '* - I 
I' 
31 ' a 
VU 
16 
* 
IS’ / - 
18U - 
A 
Wk 
M U * 
4' j * 
J U * 
4> j » 
3 n u — 
ZU ♦ 
5 4'a 

21 a 
ISH 

P U . 
2 

 f ’ - Q K 

18'., 
WU 
ISU 
IS' / 
M U 
JOU 
3! n u 
29 
TSU 
25 
21'A 
TAU 
25 * a 
JZH 
U U 
IS", 
7o'n 
57 a 
STH 
Si 
SZM 
VT 
N u 
63' / 
35 
I A 
SU 
6 
Sh 
I? 
IU 
24 
JU 
SU 

VU 
I A 
IOU 
33 
SU 
M ii 
SU 
I u 
211 A 

IM 
V , 
Wa 
1o 
J U 
JU 
IOU 
A u 
IT 
4o' a 
27 
8 '• 
11 A 

11a PF Iu d 
’ 
P N B M R w t 
'a PSAtnc wt 
IA’ ,- P G E p l A I SO 
IS U POE p l B I 37 ll 
P G E p fD I IS 
M U P G E p t r 
I 25 

JI 
I ' . 
P a 
P , 
27 3 16 3 16 3 IA l l 
U 
U 
' a 
3o 
W U 
A 
IAU 
71 
IS' / 

13' . FG E p ie, I TO 
JA l l ' a 
POE P IT 7 54 
IJJ 
TSU P G E p lS 7 A? 
IJH 
W U 
FGE p*H I I? s 
TA' . POE p lR 7 3/ 
74o 
J J U PGF p ip 7 oS 
379 
73 
POE p fO 
7 
399 
TI 
PGF P IM I VA 
18 
IS 
P G E p lL 2 25 
9 
73 
POE p l K 
?o4 
42? 
T S U 
P G E p l J 7 I? 
6 
I?1 
PG F P I I 
I o9 
33 
I IH 
PHO I rig 
IA 
8 
779 
IS' / PHOK) pf I TO 
I 
48' . Par l l P U J* 
,318 
48 
P a l l ! PIJ 4o y ? v o 
SOU Pac I ' p l4 5o y JAO 
5?' 4 P a c t I p l 4 IS v /o 

18 
* 
IA U • 
I4*« 
U H 
M n • 
TV * • 
348 
3oU 
29 H 
29' 
‘ 
U U 
U U 
IJ H 
TSH 
27U 
28 k . 
24’ * 
24 
2 4 H i 
74U 
23’ a 
23’ * . 

26' / 
26' . 
2J U 
2JU 
JZH 
2TU i u u 

8o 

Pac L l pt / Aa 
18 u PNW Tel I 32 
SI 
Pac P ip ! 
S 
TV / P a ll Corp 
4o U 
’ a P d lo m rE 
3U P anoelB 
4 
P an tast 
<’ / P a ra P k 
7oa 
IOU P a rk Ch 
48 
J U P a rk E I ll 
J IH P arsons 
J ’ * P otE avh 
4 
P atagon 
A 
P a lo C I JOe 
5 ’ a Peer T u 
?oa 
A’ . Perm o r 
TO 
I ' 
P la in t).* Wt 
V * PenF M 
Aha 
77'a Prai Ti 
I K l) 
IU P E C p 
4o1 
U 
P e n P tl 
I is 
PenobS 
JO* 
P e n t, o n 
P i'p B o y s th 
P W Com 
Per im 
3o<* 
P erter 
P et r o l e t i 
PE. t i D 
63*' 
J 
P ho n o. I 
P c NP av 
TO 
A 
I U P ie d m n l 
5 
IU P io n e e rs 
V 
Pion T e* 
8o 
A 
AU P .tW V a 
SAa IO 
73 
P H O M I ?od 
5 

TOU 
19i 
ST 
SI 
SI 
48 s?’ / so' 
S3'a 

IS u 
TOU* 
U 
SW« . ? 
49 a - I U 
SOU 
53'a y4soo VO 1 a 
9oU 
YO’ ** * 4' 
I 
9 
4 J 
IV 
18 U 
18' / i 
OIS 
59' / 
59' / 
5V / 
I 14 
IDA 
13' < n u 
JJU 
ITS 
23 
IU 
IU 
IU 
3 
4 
4 
4 
4 
I 
A 
74 
S '. 
SU 
SH 
I 
8 
36 
5 
4' / 
4' / 
I 
7 
I l l ' . n u n u 
5 
J U 
VU 
V a 
A 
334 
JJU 
?2U 
73'* 
5 
IS 
J U 
2U 
JU 
8 
57 s 
4’ / 
4’ a 
> 4*191 
VU 
8 'a 
SU a 
8 
SU 
SU 
SU 
5 
A? 
VU 
BU 
9 
IV 
I 1 / 
IU 
I ’ / i 
7 
JI 
IOU 
IOU 
IO U i 
7 
A1 
33 
3o1 a 
33 
S 
194 
4U 
J U 
4 
. 
9 
A 
M U 
W H 
M U 
A 
A 
4U 
4 
4 
I 
VB 
I ' 8 
I 
I 
) 
S 
I 
JJU 
72 u 
7? a 
) 
4 
71 
ISH 
IS’ / 
ISU 
I 
I 
243 
8 
ZU 
8 
8 
WI 
ZU 
7 
I 
14S 
34 
MO 
19 
16 
4o t i l l 

17 ' n 
V 2 
3 
V a 
JU 
Wa 
9 
A a 
89 
28 

16 
ZU 
I >4 
O'a 
V a 
I 'a 
BU 
AU 
JA 
35' a P ittw a y I TO 1o 
JOI 
38' / 
JSM 

 n u n u . 
J U 
) ’ 
W U 
IU 
J U 
U U 
SU 
HU 
I U 
326 
TAH 
74U 
J4U - I 
SIS U IS 16IS 16 
I 16 
143 
17 . 
IA U 
IA U * 
IA H 
W U * 
’ n 
W U l l 
- 
'a 
4 * . 
4 ‘ t — 
U 
A U 
A H ♦ 
U 
W U 
ZU 
ISU 
A f t 

14 
178 
JO 
W I 
I U 
3? 
IA 
14 
AU l l 
JI a 

IJ 
* 
P / * 
J U n u * 
AU ■ 
I U • r* 

W U * 
T U * 
16 
* 
A 
- 
TU * 

W U P la t r Ov 
BO 14 
A 
P la n t Ind l l 
Pl a n im 
OB 13 
SU 
4' a P lyG e m 
S it 
A 
7 'a 
IU P ly m R B 
3? 
11' i 
IOU Fm euSia 
SO 
JU 
J ' 
F»oioton 
V t 
AU P o ly c tir 
7vt t i / 
VU P ram .eO 
IS H 
W U P r a tt lin g 
I 
A 
S' 
P ra ttR d 
3o 
V t Pc at IR p f AA 
74’ A 
JU 
JU 
W U 
IIH 
V a 
I I ' . 
IOU 
7H 
IU 
SU 
S3 
TU 
JU 
6' I 
V t 
IU 
JU 
45U 
I 
SU 

 r * 
»I ’ i 
VU 
W U 
24 

74 
J? 
IOO 
AU 
ZU 
IJ H 
54 
SU 
5 
J U 
Bt USO 
M U 
V? 
JU 
8 
39 7U 
J 
J I VU 
I 
3o M U 
A 
1 . 6 
J 
TU 

2o*. 
A l l 
4 U 
JU n u 
J U 
AU v . 
U U 
SU 
ZU 
Pr on Ma I 12 W 
187 
JJU 
J? 
JU 
J U 
IOU 
45 
14 l l 
I U 

54 
V t l l 
4'a 
13 
S a 
/lo o s iu 
AU 

J 
K 
L 

A t i m y NY STOCK SALES 
Total tor week 
Areek ago 
Year ago 
Two years ago 
Jan I to uate 
19*6 IO d ate 
NTS to date 
........... 

1o$ 91o,ooo 
91 46o OOO 
1o6 934 SSO 
I I I 877 67o 
1.173 43o OOO 
I SJ4 SSS 4o9 
\j WT 9/6 88o 

ZU 
M U 
IOU 
W U 
J '. 
BU 
IU 
7 
SU 
IAU s 
54 
S'a 
AU 
V A 
6 / 
43' < 
J 
VU 
J U 
IU 
V a 
BU 
JZH 
6 '" 
4'a 
ZU 
W U l l 
ZU 
3'a l l 16 
JU 
4U 
SU 
IOU 

A * JdClyn 
4o S 
79 
ZU l l 
Jacobs 
A 
751 
I ?*a 
I U 
Jam swy OSr 
A IOO 
IOU 
IOU 
Jeannel IO < l l 
J u je iro n lc 
4 1o6 
TU JobnPd 
36 8 WA 
3 
Juniper P 
13 1o2 
4 '. tu c k e r 
4 
8 
S 
K le i In 
4Se 5 
34 
M U Kaisrlnd 
TA 
8 JAM 
4 
K aneM .il w t 
47 
SO 
K n o t P f4 SO 
<11o 54 
4 
Kapok T 
I Or I 
77 
4H 
4' a KayCp 
TO 13 
33 
AU t i Kenwm 
34a S 
16 
8' a 
S' / K etchm 
IQT S 
IT 

W U 
J U 
I U 
3 H 
SU 
SU 
IA U 
4U 

3o 
Kewanee l l l l I t l l 
4J / 
I U Key CO 
A * K eys!Iud 
JO 
S 
I U K.dde WI 
O' 
Kin A rk 
9 
IU K .ngO pl 
I 
K .ngR d 
JOe 
7 
7o a K .rb yE * 
8 
I U K it M ig l l 
J U K ie erV u 
4 
6 
K lem erts 
6 
I I ' . K nickT oy 
9 
IS 
KoMmr 
JA IO 
A U K uhnS lr 
IO 
4 
J u I S blnd tor 
S 
U iT v C o rp wl 
J 'a La Barge 
o6 14 
4U la M a u r 
TO 
8 
4 U LaP h.nl 
JOe 
9 
• ’ n LdG um la 
I 

J 
19 
W 
IST 
9 
14 
ISO 
JOH 
HW 
3 l l 

A’*. 
JU 
A'a 
9o3 
IAU lit l l 
TH 
45 
3 '* 
495 S IA 
4o 
J 
JI 
4’ , 
S 
4U 
IT 
IO 

A U - 
U 
IJ 
- 
U 
IO1. — u n u - u 
3U * 
U 
I U 
J U - u 
SU ♦ 
H 
S 'a 4 
' a 
IA U * 
11 
4U * 
U 
S JH * IU 
4’ e— 
' * 
AH * 
U 
I U - 
'N 
SH 
41’ a — IU 
I 
» 
'N 
T'» * 
U 
I U - 
’ N 
I U * 
1 A 
Wa 
T U * 
1 i 
2 8 U - 
U 
A U * 
Pa 
J 
. . . 
A U * 
U 
IA * * Pa l r < * u 
T U - u 
J U * 
'A 
' a 
1 16 
J 
JU 
4H + 
' n 
IO 
A 
U 

P re s R tA 
P re s R IB 
P re sley l l 
FYeslon 
7o 9 
P r.m M t l j t IO 
PrpC T 
I TOe IO 
73 
M U 
P r O v G as 
BO 
8 *65 
IOU 
IU PrdW IE 
TO 83 
J U P rod Bug 
24 S 
J U P ru d G p 
4V a PSCol pf 4 75 
AU P u lte H 
A 
V a P u n t,to 
14 
S' i O uebet or 
S a h w a m u oeo s 
I U R E D M 
I 
IU WET 
43’ a R E T p f 4 38 
4' a RH M ed 
S 
4 
I ' / R P SPO 
J 
Wa R S C lnd 
8 
TV 
IOU R I CCp 
Wa S 
1o 
J U Racon 
7oa S 
78 
6 
R a ga n B 
ISe S 1oo7 
IS u R a n c h E * 
24 
ITB 
W U W a n grO 
59 
JCS 

34 
39 
I t 
7o 
45 

2' * 
2'* 
IOU n 
J U l l N 
V / 
J1 / 
4' a 
SU 
SI / 
6’ 2 
3 
SU 
6’ / 
Wa 
IU 

I ’ m 
BU 
AU 
J Z H * 
I 
37 
* 
I 
21 
AH • 
U H - I 
SH 
2 . 
14' A * 
J U * 
TU - 
VU - 
14 
* I 
A 
- 
V a 
J7 u * 
J U - 
J»* 
IOU • t i 
* 
I 
J U l i u - 
1o 
* 
J’ < - 
4' a 
SU - 
S IU * 
I 
A U * 
JU * 
A 
♦ 
A '* • 
W t 
IU 
45 
• 

U U 
I I H 
R a n sb ry 
SO A 
723 
IU 
U 
RapejAm yyt 
SS 
AU 
4 
R a th P 
35 
Vt a 
T IU 
R a y m p r 
SO W l l 
I 
I 
R e ad in g 
TV 
16 a 
14 a Red I s i I 4o 14 
I? 
II 
9 U R M ncT I (Se I 
JI 
W k R Ii R et 2 ISe IO 
WO 
JU 
J U R e d u i* 
34 
71 
I 
IU ReevesT l l 
6 H 
A 
R e tn g T r 
A 
IO 
I U R egal B 
ST 8 
7 
I 
H e lG rp w ! 
IV 
I I H Rem Ar 
SUa I 
?*» 
I U R e p H o u v 
U 
H R e p M tln w i 
M u R epN V 
SB 
5 l l 
~ 
- 
W 
8 ‘ « R e sr WA 
W U R lu r I y ti 
I U Rest Asse 
J U R e .N u r e 
4 
R .b le lP d 

3 
A 
A '* 
Wa 
IU 
U TO 
45 U 
44'* 
4U 
I U 
I U 
I U 
I U 
I U 
W U 
IG** 
I I '* 
4 I 
4 
4 
AU 
AH 
A 
18 
IA U 
W 
J IH 
JOU 
JI 

I H - 
IH - 

3 
JI 
469 

IJ H 
W H n u * 
IU 
.I 
I 
- 
JU 
4 U 
4'a 
TSU 
JZH 
JO U * 
3 
V t 
J U 
IS H 
M U 
M U 
9 '. 
O’ t 4 
IO U 
JI 
* 
J U 
7’ a ♦ 
J U 
IU 
A U 
A U * 
9* 
I 

39 
IO 
21 
V a 

 l l 
J IH 
JJU 
IOU 
I V * 
7 
IU 
SH 
8 
75 

JU 
A u 
9 '. 
IU 
TJJ 
W U 
W H 
39 
J U 
J U 
AO 
U 
'. 
23 
25' J 
IS 

IU ■ 
W U 
J U < 

AX 
A 
„ 
„ - 
„ - 
M U - 
Reset. Ct I 
o8 13 1164 
T IU 
19 , 
JI . 
R e s is t!!* 
AK) I 
4o 
TOU 
N U 
TOU 
13 
T6V IOU 
9 U 
o , 4 
24/ 135o 
W U 
W U 
I T ', 
35 
IU 
I U 
IU 
59 
J U 
7 U 
2 'n - 
A 
73 
4 U 
4 U 
T H ­ 
A I. R ich ton 
Ile 4 
ISS 
ZU 
ZU 
ZU 
IS H R ile y Co 
7 
3o2 
25 
J I H 
2 4 U ' 
JOU 
24U R io A lg m 
I 
I? 
7| <*U 
IAU 
Risdon 
4o IO 71} i i 
IS’, l l ’ * W ob'kch 
4U 
J U R gblm 
4 
IAU l f Ruck w ay 
I 
8 
IU 
J 'a R o to r 
IS 
U U R o g e rs 
8 
JU 
IU R o n to T 
6 
SU 
4 ‘ a R ossm r a I 16 R o y B u s t 
6'* 
I U R o dd ick 
We 
6 
V t 
A1 . R odick p l SA 
7 
P f ROS' o 
SU 
ZU R ussell 
4o 

M ) 
U U 
39 
4** 
74 
W 4 
A 
J * . 
2o 
14 
6 
34 V I 
94 
5 U 
83 9 IA 7 IA 7 16 
A 
98 A '. 
6 
A . 
3 
TU 
TU 
TU 
138 
I * . 
I U 
IU 
5 
111 8U 
I U 
BU 

IS' 
I4 U 
M 
4U 
IS 

U U 
2 
4U 

TA' 
I t 
* 
14 
4 H • 
W k * 
J U * 
13' < - 
2'a 
OH 

Yearly 
High lo w 
17' I 
SU R o il Cf I 
TO 
I AU R yan H 

I U 
17U 
?' / 

W U 
M u 

U U 
IO' H 

W '. 
JU 
I V I 

 t : 
17 
JU 

BU 
SGI 
I Ac 
I U 
SGSec 
16 
SGSe of 
I 7o 
J U 
SM D 
4 U SSPmd 
33e n u 
ST PCP 
8o 
BU 
S afelr an 
IOU Salem 
RVI 
AU 
SCarlo 
AJe 
O' 2 SOoo pi 
88 
IOU 
SDtro pl 
9o n u 
SDgo pf 
I 
1o3 
SOoo pf 9 84 
84' , SDgo p* 
7 8o 
VSH SOoo pf 2 AH l l 
S FrR E 
ISe 
I , 
SF RE w i 
35 u 
San JW 
7 RO 

S ale' 
N "* 
I bd* ) H.gh lo w la it Chg 
4o 
8 IO) W U 
H H H U - 
U 
SO 
IO 739 W U 
W U W U * 
U 

S 
T 
I 
A 
IO 
SH 
BU 
8U 
A 
I '* 
IU 
IU 
33 
IAU IA U IA U 
4 
J U 
J U 
J U 
35 
SU 
4’ a 
SU 
.. n u u s w u n u w u 
W H 
M 
273 
M 
24 
V 

 io u io 1* io n u m 

W H — Pa 
I 
I ’ a 
AU— 
U 
IO U— 
' a 

 l l ’ 
<15o IDS 
{ISO 
MV I 
8“ 
JI 
TV / 
79 
94 
W 

1o3'a 1o5 
88 
* 
T O ',i 
W U 

W U SanJW WI 
3U Sarq.-nt 
77 
Sarqt pl J 75 
S U S a u n d rl 
3o 
AU Sche.bE 
SA IO 
8'h Schenok 
Aoa A 
?'« SrhtHer 
A * k Schoo'P 
S chrad rr 

33 
4o 
A 
JO 
I U S riM g i 
o9" 
14 
193 
?• 
IA i Sr i A ka 
IJ ll 
?98 17 

I 
36' > 
W U 
3 'a 
71 
V 2 
AH 
74 
IOU 
IOU 
IO U ' s 
J U 
J U 
S U ­ 
TH -f 
S’ a 

J.I 
! a 
8 
37' a 
I 
W H 
SO 
3H 
<7oo 
7V i 
31 
9’ a 
A 7 
7 

I ' a 
36 u - 
W U 
3' / * 
7 7 U * 
9 ' a - 
7 

3 
1.(1 
11 
IAU 

A’ a - 
JU 
IAU - 
71’ i S coppln' 
SO" S <85o 
3 ’ U 
3oU 3 1 * — P 
W U Sr r i vner 
7o 5 
?t 
M ’ a 
13’ a M 
W U Sr orc VR l l 
7 
N U 
N U N U * 
VU 
TOU 
W U S corryR 
O’ a 
8 ' « S ho o ,MO 
JO 
J a Iii 
3 
Seale fro 
7? 
14 
U Seaport 
IO 
71 
J 
Senort O' SA 
<4oo 
I ' a b e a rs m d 
IO 
Seam Ail 
76 11 
? U S u M tq ln 
5 IA S 3? Set M I In w t 
AU 
SU SeiasCp 
3o 
8 
I 
Set. g Asse 
4 u Sem tcn t«t 
9 
18 
S' . b erV 'SCO 
3o 
S 
24 
■l'a Servo 
9 
IS l ' a Seton CO 
45 
I 
IO 
3U S heers I Si: 
I 
31 

P 2 
S' / 
4 ’ J 
TO 
3’ 

V t 
S'a 
AH 
BU 
8'n 
4’ a 

V J 
VU I 
JU 
J U - u 
IU 
IU 
W a- 
U 
SU 
SU 
S U * 
U 
3 a 
3 U 3’ a - 
’ a 
733 
N U I A'a 
W U - ’ n 
UA 
JU ? U 
J U 
4? 7 32 3 16 3 16 
13? 
IO 
A a S’ a 
“ 
4o 
I '* IU 
4U 
SU 

8'a 
3' 2 

J U 
5 U 
4H 
V 2 
31 

5 H 
I '* • 
4’a 
SH ■ 
4 ’ 
8' 
3’ 

- v» 
I' a 

J ’ ? 
V U * 
H 
IA 
I ‘a 
W U - 
U 
I ’ a 
3'a 
J 'N 
I IU l l 
* i u 
IAH 
'a 
TOU 
AH * 
■ a 
IU 
4o 
* 
I U 
3 a 
BH 
9 
. i 
JU 
SH 
N U 
’ a 
17 ’ a 

M i 
W U 
Sharon 
I 
16 
11 
VU 
8’ . Shaw In 
5ob 
I 
41 
SU 
7 « 
IU 
Sn e lk R 
IO 
JU 
I' a 
A’ / ShndCp 
241 
29 
A 's 
78' z 
74 
Sh en an O 
I 
353 
JAH 
I 
?*« 
S hopw el I 
11 l l 
TU 
IV 
IS u 
Show! OI 
I 
14 
W H 
I 
I 'n Shgl rn T r 
26 
2' a z u 
SU 
S ie rra n 
2o 
I 
28 
V a 
IOU 
IOU 
V / S 'fcoin d so 
71 
8' a 
A "' V arna 
2o? 
8? 
8 
JU 
SU"SCO A 
IT 
JU 
9 a 
AU 
Silo Inc 
29 
8 U 
JU 
V a 
S "T iros 
25b 1 
I? 
3U l l 
8 ’n S im km s 
HO 
17 l l 
V t 
I ’ . S rn p I e * 
11 
44 
J U 
7 
IU 
S kkinSR 
I 
7 
7'a 
V a 
Sol Iron 
I to 
JU 
IOU o u bonder Br 3? 
73 
IOU 
11 < 
J a bora 
Paper 
5 
A u 
IS u ii'. . 
Snundsn 
IO 
1VS 
W U 
SU 
R 
SoeAiCap 
WI 23 
I 
RU 
M u w u 
SC Fd P 'l o6 
IO 
W U 
W U 
W U 
SC E l pf I OH 
8 
U U 
IS . w 
SC Ed O 'I iv 
17 
M U 
73 
IO 
SC F it p tl AH 
11o(o) 
73 
IV i 
IAU 
SC Ed pH IS 
TV 
ISH 
W U 
IA 
SC Ed pH IO 
239 
IAU 
28' j 
TA " S( E t pl? IO 
72 
V ' 2 
I V 2 
'TSU SC Ed pl? TI 
5.1 
T/' / vs 
89 
SC Ed p l/ 58 
9o 
»! / 
IOT 
1o1 
SC El I pts VA 
SI 
IOT 
TE / 
TO 
SwsiA.cn 
78 
IDA 
21' / 
S' 2 
I U 
Swt G F in 
TO 
1o4 
S 

 u '» n u * u 
8' , 
8vh - 
U 
2 
A'a 
25' a — IU 
2 U 

7 
A'a 
TS 
7 
IA H 
IAU 
7 
AH 
VU 
V 2 
JU 
RU 
3’ . 

7 
- 
T H ­ 
IO '* * 
V a - 
JU 
8' i - 
3’ a * 
IOU 
1o's 
J U 
2 1 
J 
J a 
9 ’ a 
4 '* 
11 'a 

7 
* 
T H ­ 
IO e 
4'a 
I? ’ 
BH * 
U 
- 
WH - 

VU Spar lek 
4o 
o 
S’ H Snet Ity R 
5 
Speelor 
1oe 37 

IO' 
S'a 
ZU 

I? ’ * 
I?1 2 n u m u . 
TO1 2 
73 
. 
17'* 
17'a 
IA 
IA U ' 
JA '* 
JAH ’ 
TAU 
TAU 
9?U o r , 
1oSU 1oSU . 
7o 
J IH 
4 U 
4U 
IOU 
IO U ' 
S'a 
SU 
ZU s 
3 U Speciro 
WI 
S 
12 
4’ a 
4 ’ a 
4’ a • 
' a 
2 a 
IU SpedOP lit 
IJ 
21 
? U 
2U 
J U ­ 
* a ll a ll 16 Spe /m n 
14 
I 
13 1613 16 
3 I t 
4 4 
3' . Spencer 
o8e 
8 
MO 
3H 
3’ > 
J U * 
' a 
7 , 
4 ’ a S pentrF 
OHI 
5 
MA 
SU 
4 ’ a 
S' / - 
' 8 
A n 
S’ a S pu m e * 
48 
6 
32 
A’ 2 
AU 
AU * 
I . 
A a 
4'a S ta ttrd t 
5 
AJ 
S’ / 
5 s 
— 
' 2 
18 
IS '" bld A lin 
I 
S 
IO le u 
17 
W 
— V a 
A' a 
5U StdCont 
I Sr 
4 
A 
SH 
SU 
SH 
IA1a 
14 
S'd Coos.) 
9o 
S 
IR 
14 'a 
M U 
M U - 
' 4 
4 , 
3 
S idM etl 
SOI 
17 
8o 
4’ / 
4 
4' I * 
1 4 
11 a 
StdM ot A 
7 
9o 
IOU 
IO’ 2 
I O U - 
' a l l 
9 
8 U SldPacCp 
5 
417 n u 
IO ', n u * 
I 
IS 
7o'a S tdProd 
TO 
4 
44 
77 H 
21 U 
JJU * 
' I 
U U 16 S id Pc od w t 
351 3 IA H 1611 16 - 
' a 
26 a 
24'4 bld Stirs 
4or 
S3 
VA1 / 
74’ 2 
7 f 2 4 
Va 
A a 
5 U Sian Av 
2o» 
7 
SU 
SH 
SH - 
' B 
12 a l l ' . , Star Sup 
I t 
4 
8 ll'a 
U U n u * 
1 4 
I' I 
I 
Stardust 
IS 
I' a 
I 
I 
- 
’ 8 
I? 
M U S ta rrIHo 
36 
7 
I 5 J 
ISH 
IS' 2 
IS H * 
' J 
8' 2 
I H S leelm i 
74b 
J 
24 
I U 
V 2 
7' / * 
' , 
Iv 
IS'a S le pt'Ch 
AO 
I f t iv I, 
W U 
IS H * 
' i 
I a 
I U S le r I El 
13 
54 
11 / 
I u l u 
­ 
' a 
3 
J '* SterlE *f 
IO 
I 
M 
J U 
JU l u 
5 a 
3U Sievcoknk 
S 
IV 
S' a 
4 U 
S H ­ 
I 4 
I? a 
7 ’ n S 'rgtW 
JO 
9 
7o8 
W H 
U H 
U H * 
’ a 
4 ' . SueAr.n 
T4 
8 
3o 
4 U 
4 U 
4’ a - 
1 a 
I 
I ) 16 S u m m it 
A 
I t 
I 
13 16 
I 
• I 
16 
I 4 
3 U Sum ty l 
75 
S 
I t 
I 
3 U 
3 U - 
' 8 
TO ft 
IAU Sun E la l 
AO IO 
ISO 
JOU 
IV 
N U • h 4 
IO 4 
8 'a Sunair 
4Y' i 
2o 
V 
8' , 
B U - 
' 4 
18 a 
14 
Sundanc 
/Ob 
36 I it 
IS 
14' a 
14' a 
7 a 
I 
/ 
A' bunch Jr 
28 
I 
9 
AU 
AU 
6 U - 
1 a 
17 
16 
SupFdS 
41,1 IO 
16 
17' / 
IAU 
17 
- 
'« 
J 2 l'a Supercr 
I (hr 
4 l l 
4 U 
4’ 4 
4' a 
8 4 
S' 
S nplndl 
IVO 
7 
198 
8 U 
ZU 
8' a » 
’ a 
8 
S 
SupSurq 
14 I? 
SOV 
8 
A 
ZU - 
I la 
I 4 
2 ’ a Susouel! 
IJ324o1 
4*4 
3 U 
4 
* 
*4 l l 
4 
IOU Susquhan 
Pf 
IS l l 'a 
IE * 
IV / * u a 
. S u trM tq 
WI 
68 9 IA 
9 16 - I 
IA 
I 
* 
SU Syne toy 
3oo 
S 
AS 
AU s h ’ 
A' a 
’ 8' . b y n in 
SO l l ’ a SyscoCp 
4C tuVpMitn9 
3 u T a lle y ln w t 
U U T a nd y Br 
WU> Tasty 
I TO.) 
• t i IA I * ch S y m 

9 IHI? 
A 
WR 
W H 
W H 
W H - 
M U 
U U 
14 
— 
A -. 
A 
A 
- 

T eel! Oh 
T ec ti T ap 
Techtrl 
Teton R 
Tete Cm 
T e le tie* 

16 
7oa 

??S 
18 
I U I ' , 
3 
IU 3 U 
AS 
13 ’ a 
U U 
IV 
TOU N U 
17513 16 
16 
V a 
7S3 
3U 
IJ5 
JU 
32 
IA1* 
IO! 
<’ a 
21 
IAU 

J U 
3'a 
4 ‘ a 
IS 
7'a 

S H ­ 
U H • 
IV 4 — 

JU 
3U 
I U * is 
- 
7H - 

I I t 3 16 
I p ie * CP wk 
J I J IA J 16 3 IA 
J' a 
I 4 Term A 
A 
16 
3 'a 
3U 
JU 
' n 
8 ' / 
5 . Tenneco w t 
87 
AH 
A' a 
AU - 
I U 
V 
TeonevEn 
73 
41 
IU 
<)H 
U t * 
J* 
I a 
I a Te nso r 
I7S 
1o8 
I ’ a 
IU - 
'a 
IV J ll 
Tr.r,4dyn 
N 
Ah 
IJ H 
13'a 
U h ­ 
I H 
W U 
IV j T e rr^C 
8o 
A 
733 
W H 
I V * u h 
I, 
SH 
SA 
T *P L pf 4 SA i m 
SR 
SB 
SB 
• 
2 
V a 
A 
Tevslar 
o7e 
8 W U 
ZU 
V 2 
7'a - 
IV / 
IS ’ * Te*1ron W I 
5 
17 
I t a 
17 
* 
I n is IAH 
16 Thor 
Cp 
7 
/ „ 
’ a 
’ a * i , 
4' a 
7 - T h o ro ie r 
38 
3 H 
3 'a 
3 U 
J 'N 
3 
Thrra D 
4 
IR 
4 'a 
4 
4'a * 
'a 
HH 
A 2 T h rill.n il 
TH 
8 ' / 
BH 
8 / 
JU 
7 
T idw ell 
TJ 
2' * 
J U 
2 a 
BU 
A ' a T ifM n y l 
7o 
J 
VS 
ZU 
A ', 
6U 
. a 
9'h 
S' a Ti rn pie 
7 
JR 
9 
9 
9 
71 
18’ j Tukhe.m 
8o 
7 
VIJ 
TAU 
24U 
7S1 / 
I 4 
49 ' 4 
17 
TolEd pf I TS 
/SSO 
48 
47 
47 
- 
. , 
8 o ' 4 
o4 4 T o ll d III I i t 
T 4oo 
HH U 
BHH 
SBH * 
JU tov 
IKA' 
TOIE dp* 
IO 
/SAO UHM* 
1o7' / 
1o8 
8U 
A' a ToppsGd 
78 
A 
59 
A U 
AH 
AU - 
'« 
IJ 
IT a T o rin CP HO 
7 a 4 
D U 
IJ H l l ' , - 
1 a 
HH 
A 
TolchlF’el 
8 
AOI 
ZU 
A'a 
AH * i 4 
21 I IAI IS lA T o lP e * w l 
JIO 
J U MS 16 
7 
- 
' a 
17 
14’ , Tot .ll p l 
7o 
54 
IS ' a 
U H 
IS 
* 
1, 
J U 
7 
, T o w n CI r v 
TI 
2 U 
V 2 
2' , 
VU 
7 
T ra n s it)* 
9 
JU 
V a 
JU 
3 .. 
V a Tredw y 
o5r 
4 
US 
I 4 
TU 
JU * 
J M 
II a 
IO’ a T r.S 'M ir 
HO 
A 
I I 
IOU 
IOU 
IOU - 
I 
' a 
7 a s a T ri CO 
Ilk- 
V 
IJT 
7 
A’ 2 
311 IA 
11 
Tube M 
Ile 
AV3J I I I t 
3>a 
3‘ / * 
I fl 
BU 
5 
T o flco 
TO" 
A 
VA 
BH l a 
ZU l f i 
??. a TurnrC 
I U 
8 
44 
JAH 
73 U 
26' a * 
I t 
3 u 
3 
T w o .F air 
J 
HS 
J U 
J ', 
JU 
15 a 
13' 
UA! 
I 7o4 
3 
46 
M U 
U H 
U H 
I U 
J 
U IP C p 
2o 
A i i i 
3 U 
J U 
JU 
?' 4 l'a U N A . p 
33 
ZI 
2U 
7 
7 
- 
) H 
4'a 
3 a UR SCU 
?oe 
8 
42 
4' 4 
4 
AU * 
•a 
A a 
4 l i v i n g w t 
7oS v 
A 
U n .m a * 
J I 
29? 
9 
S 
I U 
U n .m e * p< 
S? 
S 
VU 
8 
UnGasA 
AV 8 
*3 
BU 
A 
4 , U n io nln v 
33 t i 
S'a 
IOU 
9 
U n A .rP d 
SA H 
38 
9 ’ k 
3’ a 
I 
UnAsost 
I 
21 
I 1. a 
Un Bt and w t 
71o 7 >6 
IT a 
W U U n C i’SF 
SOP 
7 
I 
U H 
I U 
I U U nFoodS 
17o 
J 
'n U N a I C P 
IS I 
S 3? I 16 U N d t C p w t 

SH 
8 ’ * 

SH 
S 

A 
♦ 
8* 2 - 
S 
* 
8 U * 
S'a * 
VU . l u 
­ 

 l l ' * n u — 
I U 
Wk 
I U 
I 

AU 
I? 
S' N 
2 * to , 
IS 

IU 
IU 

U N atC p pf 
U P ,her 6 
USB. pTr 
U S F iifr 
JR IO 78B9 
U n R k T 
76. 
13 
U n R It T w l 
U S N tR ', 
S 
USHd.om 
17 
USRbR la 8 
U nlink 
JO 13 
U n.tvB uv 
A 
U n ./C m 
OS 
I 
16 
Um vCont l l 
JO 
U m vR s 
2oe 14 
187 
U n.vR un 
SI 
S * 18 
U nvsav 
48 
S *5o 

I ' < 
7 
I I 14 I IA I IA - I 3? 
S’ 
4 1 a 

IS H 
SH 
168 
93 S 16 
I A l 
S' / 
I A 
JU 
TI 
M U 
IO 
32 
VU 
J 
7 
I S' a 
IOU 

3 U 
8 1 2 
M U 
BU 

4 'a 
J U 
U H 
32 
9 U 
JU 
V t 
14 'N 
VU 
15 

S' a - 
3 U - 
B U ­ 
IS 
* 
8 U • 
S 16 
S U * 
J U - 
M U * 
3?U - 
VU * 
3 
• 
IU - 
IS H - 
VU - 
IS U - 

V 
U 
\ 

J'.. 
I U 
I) 
? '. 
71 
4' a 
IU 
JU 
I '. 

 s 
J U 
IO 
M ia 
7U 
2? '* 

NU 
8 ll 
A a 
3 

51 
2 U 
J 'n 
BH 
12' a 
A 

6 
V I lies SI 
ATI I tA 
A'« 
IOU V a in i ar 
7o J 
AA l l ^ 
V al spar 
78 
9 
V a il Dv 
o/e 
Van D om so a 
Veeco 
32a I 
V e r k a 
V e rm in 'A 
37 8 
V e rt!.iro n 
I J is / i 
V e rt. p ie l l 
Jo 
V**W*iy 
U 
V m i "Ch 
’ * V tk .n q G 
! ’ ■ V tnlaqt I 
5 '* V ireo 
IO 
I 
J' 
V .s h a y 
A 
J • ViSualG OSr 
A 
J’ a Vol Mer 
J 
13 
V c .p l* '* 
73a 
S 
J 
V uU nC p 
7 
8 ’ a Vole mc so 
4 
U U V o lr Inept 
I 
J U A TC m c to t? l l ' * WU I m c 
8o 
8 
IO' a Wabash 
25e 
8 f a W d lk n h t 
I 
8 
2 
IR Ade i Eg 
IO 
6 ' i Wn.rtCKO 
JO AVO 
8’ 
TOH W all 'N 
SM) A 
JI ?J> 
4 U W ana c S 
Toe l l 
IAT s> l f ' . W .m g l Ii 
I? IJ 
146 17’ l l 
Wang I H 
VI 12 
AO W U 
16* 
J U W ards Co 
4 
4 
W amC p l OS 
TP 
W a , Psi B 
JA 8 
J J U W RI I 
IZ A 
IS 
3' . W dtseo 
TO M 
? 's W e i'i'dn 
4 
6 
A « W elrtTuA 
S JO 
4 
W ellco 
75 9 
( 
IV' . WescoF 
HA 9 
I 
ZU West Ch P 
4o I 
ZI 
I 
WMF m l 
15a 1o7 
59 
I ] 
S 'a W bippny 
TO 18 
VA 
S’ t 
$ '* W h ita ker 
»o 6 
27 a 
I ' t W hitebait 
7 y? y r, 
W h itta k r w t l l I is 

U 
A? 
46 l l 
IO 
216 

.AB 
179 
TU 

A U 
6'« iou nu 
4 U 
4U 
V t 
JU 
VU 
VU 
1 ) '. 
M U 

TO 
’A 
5 ' n l l 
J I'a l l 
’n ' * l l 
4 s 
J ’ < 

J' 
JJU 
ZU 
IU 
JU 
3'a 
’ n 
J U 
A 
3 U 
?H 
J U n u 

M U 
3 
74'4 nu 
ZU 
7 U 
ZU 
71' I 
5 

J' 
JJU - 
I ' / l u ­ l u - 
J U * 
’ n 
JU - 
A 
- 
J U * 
J U - 
JU 
16 
• 

M U 
JU 
74'h ■ w u . 
7'k 
J U 
I U < 
73 
. 
SU . 
W H 
IA U . 
4’ a 
SU 
I V , ■ 
S 't l i t 
J4H 
24' 
4H 
7H 
A1 a 
4' 4 
'TOU 
8 
7 
SU 
SU 
ZU 

W ichita 
13 
184 
Wm oons 
JA 8 
IV 
ZU 
W ilto n Br 
3o S l l t h 
W m klm n 
<o A 
6o feu 
W .n s tn V 
8 
IT 
J 
W isp pf 4 SO 
I IVO 
S3 H 
W u llM I! 
JV j 4 
Wood md 
W on SIC 
JO 
I >4 
BU 
W orkW r 
AO 
S 
7 l l 
W rathier 
OSe 
IS 
AIT 
A , 
W rig ht M 
WyleL ab 
78 
W .n n ln 
«J 
W ym Bn 
SA 
Monies 

 n 
WO 
283 
I i i 
To 4 
359 

I 
7' ; 
IOU 
U U 
17 

ZU: 
4U 
8 
I >4 
S3' 2 
V t 
3 U 
BU 
IOU 
SH 

IOU 
U U 
IS '. 

> 
/ 

3 er O Co 
3 im . tier 
Al 
SOA 
SU 

J’ 
A H 
4H ■ 
TOU * 
I U 
/I , . 
SU 
A 
■ 
JU • 
7 16 

1*4 
* 
SJH * 
JU * 
1 
J U - t 
SH * 
* 
IOU - i 
6U * I 1 
I 
ZU * 
* 
IO U - t 
I J H * 
* 
IA U - I 

S H . 

W E E K L Y O M I P H A N STOCK SALES l f 33o.ooo 
13.47o,ooo 
IA 467.68o 
I SB, SBO,OOO 
7o4 7o2,725 
BOND SAI ES 
SS Alo OOO 
SA S7G.oOO 
SS JAO OOO 

Tut -al tor a i . k 
A t ek ar JO 
Year ago 
Jan I lo dale iv'A lo date 
W I I K l V A M I R IC A N 
I T o ia tto r week 
Wee* agt) 
Year ago 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S $ - N E W 
S - 
— 
--------- 
■ S a t u r d a y M a r c h 
1 9 
I 9 7 7 

Investment trusts 

W E E K L Y IN V E S T IN G C O M P A N IE S 
N E W YO R K (A P ) 
W eekly Inventing 
C om panies g iv in g the high, low end lest p rice s tor the week w ith the net chenqe fro m the p re viou s week's lest p ric e 
A ll q u o ta tio n s, supplied by the N ational 
A ssociation of Securities D ealers inc reline t net asset values, et w hich s e cu ritie s could have been sold 
High Low Last 
Chq 
5 29 
5 73 
5 25 * 
OI 
U 5o 
14 44 
14 44 - 
OI 
1o 17 
1o o7 
1o 13 * 
.15 
7 37 
7 3? 
7 33 r 
o8 
I? 97 
12 94 
1? 94 
OI 
9 25 
9 16 
9 23 * 
I? 
8 59 
8 53 
8 5 6 - 
o8 
1o 81 
IO 69 
IO 76 f 
15 
9 83 
9 78 
9 83 * 
o * 
5 o4 
4 97 
5 o2 *- .o9 

A G E Fund 
A corn E d n 
A d v a n ln v n 
Aetna Fund 
Aetna Incorn Stir 
A fu tu rrF dn 
Al M a te Stk n 
A lpha Fund 
A rr B irth rq h t T r 
A m E q u ity Fd 
A m e rica n Funds 
A in Balance 
A m ce p F and 
A m M u tu a i Fd 
B ondFd Am 
C a p! d A m 
G ro w th F d A o 
In c o m rF d A m 
Inv COA 
N e w P ivsp Fd 
W ashM utl Inv 
A m o r G eneral 
A G enCap Bd 
AGenCep Gth 
AGen Incom e 
A G w i V enture 
E q u ity O rth 
F undO t A m 
P ro vid e n t Fd 
A m G ro w th Fd 
Am In s & ln d 
A m ln v e s to r n 
Am Inv Inc Fd 
Am N at G ro w th 
A nchor G roup 
D a ily Incom e 
G ro w th F und 
Incom e 
S pectrum 
Fu nd m Invest 
W ashing Nat 
A nd a * Fund 
A x rH o u g h to n 
F und B the m End 
Stock Fund 
BLC G ro w th F d 
Babson Incom n 
Babson In v m tn 
B e a c o n H illM t n 
B eaconlnvn 
B erger G roup 
IOC! F und 
1o1 f und 
B e rk s h irt'C a p 
Bbedstock Cp 
B ostFound Fd 
B rw n F d H a w a ii 
C a lvin B ullock 
B ullock F und 
C anadian Fnd 
D ivide nd Shrs 
M o n th ly Incm 
N ation W ides 
NY V en tu re 
C G C und 
CG Inco m e F d 
I i>pIt P re srv Fd 
C e n tu ry S h rT r 
C hallenger Inv 
C harter Fd Inc 
Chase G r Bos 
Fund 
* re n tie r Cap 
S liarohold 
Special 
Cheapside D our 
Chem cal Fund 
C N A M q e m t F ds 
L ib e rty Fund 
M a n h a tta n Fd 
Schuster I d 
Colonial 
C o nve rtib le 
F und 
G rw th Shr 
Incom e 
C o lu m b G rth n 
C om w tti Tr A A B 
Com with T r C 
Com p o s itr o n s 
Com posite Fd 
C oncordFd n 
Consol id at Inv 
C onstellnG th n 
C o n tM u tln v n 
C ountryC ap In 
D avidqeF undo d eV e gh tM ut n 
D elaw are G roup 
Dec a tu r Inc 
D ela w are Fd 
D e lrh e ste r Bd 
D elta Tretid 
D ire c to rs Cap 
DodqCox Bal 
D odge* Stk n 
D rexel B u rn h m 
D re y fu s G rp 
D reytus 
E q u ity 
Leverage 
L 'q u id Assets 
Spei ial Incom 
T a< F «nrupt 
Third C iT ltury 
F aqle G rth Stir 
E a Ion A H ow ard 
Balance F und 
Foursquar F d 
G row th F und 
Incom e Fund 
Spec ial F und 
Sloe k f und 
E dieS plG th n 
F dSonGld n 
E qret F und 
F Itun Trusts 
I a irfie ld F und 
I a rm B ur M ilt 
F eder ateclf unds 
A m i eaders 
E m p ire Fd f ourth F nip lr 
T a . f roe 
F i de 111 y G roup 
Bond Deb 
Capital 
C o ntratund 
D a ily Incom e 
D estiny 
F q u ity Incom 
M a g ellan 
M um Bond 
F id e lity 
P u rita n 
Salem 
T h rift Trust 
Trend f inane ial Proq 
D y n a n iF d O 
In d u s !Fd n 
Inco m e F d o f st ln v i“>tors 
D isco ve ry 
I undG row tb tm om e 
Sloe k F und f s tM u itA n in f st M e lt DI i 
F o rty Four WH n f oun dG row th 
Founders G roup 
G row th 
Im om e 
M u tua l 
Spe< | al fr a n k lin G roup 
ON T r 
G row th 
U tilitie s 
Incom e Stk 
USGoyt Sec 
R ih rc h ( a p ii 
Resrcn EqtU y f rank In t I F g ty f dFor M u iD n 
I undpack f uno Int Cep 
C t n i'" i f ( i' f d 
Inipa ct f und 
Indust Trend 
P ilo t f und 
Gen F I SA SPr I d 
GenSec u rit n 
Crow a h in d n 
Han i it ton 
F und HOA 
G ro w th F und 
Incom e 
H u rtw H IG rth n 
H a rt w ill. evert! 
H e rita g e F und 
H olding Trust 
H o ra ' e M aori Fd 
ISI C.roup 
G ro w th 
Im om e 
T ru st Shares 
Tru* I U nits 
Im p e ria l C apFd 
Im p e ria l O rth 
In d u s try Fund 
Int Inve stors 
In v e s tG u iln 
Invest In d ica to r 
Invest Tr Bos to v Counsel 
C a po n ie r tea 
Capa Shrs Inc 
Inve M o rsG ro u p 
ID Bond 
ID ' G row th 
ID ’ N ew D an 
M u tu a l inc 
P rogressive 
TsnF xem pi 
Sloe k 
SHW liv e 
V a ria b le Pay 
In yes! Research 
Islet I end Inc 
Iv y ! undn 
IP G ro w th ! d 
Jan us I und n 
John Hancock 
B Ham e fWHl 
G ro w th 
John- tn M u t ii 
K e m p ,* F unds 
Incom e 
M oney M k t 
M un ice Brid 
G ru w ttif d 
TotR, tu rn 
S u o im itf d 
Tectinulogy 
K eystone* uridS 
Apollo f U'ld 
In vest Bd b l 
M HIO Bd B2 
De* Bd H4 
In c o m f dK I 
G ro w tn F d k 2 
Mi Or Coni SI 
Int om Stk S? 
G ro w th S I 
L .P rC o m S * 
Pot a ns 
L exin g to n G rp 
C o rp l fad e r s 
I t .n g T n G rill 
I ex mg Int oui 
I • . n gtnR vh 
I d ele s (ny l i m n ill Natl 
S h iv 'A m il 
Selet rSpet n 
Loom is Sayies 
C a pita l n 
M u tua l n 
L Of Cl Abbe! I 
AU I ta n il I d bl kid D H I 
In to m e lu th e ra n Bro 
F und 
Im om e 
M ena i pal 
U SGO y* Sec 
M a ssJthu se tt Co 
F r eeeJO1 a f d 
Independ • d 
Mass Fd 
Mas-- I mane I 
M IT 
M IG 
M ID 
M f D 
M C D 

8 o7 
5 6) 
9 86 
14 89 
6 36 
4 57 
16 45 
13 97 
16 TO 
7 l l 

9 o3 
4 14 
6 56 l l 13 
6 64 
6 6o 
3 98 
5 54 
4 95 
5 47 
I? 38 
2 81 

I OO 
6 6o 
7 39 
4 6? 
6 97 
1o 14 
7 85 

7 96 
4 96 
6 o6 
1o 47 
I 78 
9 49 
8 56 
9 47 

7 25 
9 22 
7 97 
4 9o 
9 SB 
3 48 

13 o8 
7 6o 
3 15 
I l 85 
1o o6 
11 33 
9 77 
8 49 
1 OO 
1o 75 
1o 3o 
I I 13 

6 36 
3 49 
7 49 
5 28 
11 7? 
7 4o 

4 53 
2 59 
7 51 

9 OI 
9 59 
4 85 
8 7? 
15 14 
I o? 
I 5? 
9 o6 
7 73 
I? 31 
1o 25 
5 76 
6 54 
11 8o 
7 49 
31 38 

12 79 l l 34 
9 46 
4 83 
4 o9 
72 19 
16 24 
9 VO 

11 93 
5 16 
IS 54 
1o OI 
7 24 
15 51 
12 95 
IO o9 

8 SO 
8 48 
8 48 
6 I? 
6 o4 
9 23 
16 55 
9 I? 
1o 89 
14 41 
9 78 
8 79 

9 OI 
19 75 
18 TO 
12 91 

8 8o 
8 54 
I I OI 
I OO 
9 56 
15 At 
71 36 
1o 47 
16 18 
11 17 
4 9o 
IO 56 
71 6o 

4 77 
4 17 
7 88 

5 57 
6 48 
8 66 
8 46 
8 75 
IO OO 
16 7? 
I 96 

4 49 
17 SS 
9 JO 
8 77 

6 77 
5 41 
4 6? 
I 78 
9 75 
7 69 
I 79 
8 16 
8 2o 
8 14 

8 76 
8 IO 
1o 8o 
8 17 
26 6o 
9 SO 
17 66 

4 l l 
6 87 
7 HO 
11 IO 
7 18 
1 33 
I OO 
I ! 4? 

4 74 
3 5? 
1o so 
2 81 
8 7? 
7 25 
3 OS 
8 ti 
8 86 
I SI 
IO 78 

8 95 
6 ll 

5 9o 
5 35 
4 68 
9 7? 
3 o7 
4 93 
19 o6 
9 45 
6 48 
5 o9 
19 67 
6 18 
IO 74 
17 64 

9 o6 
19 41 
5 81 
19 93 

1o 79 
I OO 
IO 6o 
7 13 
9 93 
1o 37 
7 35 

3 98 
17 89 
19 77 
8 18 
7 74 
5 ll 
18 o6 
9 57 
7 68 
J 68 
J 27 

14 SI 
8 68 
IO 71 
15 21 
7 OI 

7 ll 
17 14 

1o 34 
14 o8 

8 34 
11 18 
3 5? 

IO 67 
9 17 
IO o9 
9 84 

8 14 
7 25 
1o 73 

1o 81 
8 55 
11 66 
12 o4 
13 7o 

8 o3 
5 54 
9 81 
14 84 
6 31 
4 53 
16 35 
11 89 
16 o6 
7 o6 

8 99 
4 ll 
6 54 
1o 99 
6 52 
6 53 
3 97 
5 46 
4 92 
5 43 
12 36 
2 78 

I OO 
6 53 
7 35 
4 57 
6 73 
1o o5 
7 81 

7 97 
4 94 
6 OI 
IO 37 
I 78 
9 43 
8 57 
9 41 

7 17 
9 12 
7 92 
4 88 
9 51 
3 45 

12 99 
7 49 
3 13 
14 73 
1o OO 
11 23 
9 69 
8 73 
I OO 
1o 69 
IO 19 
13 97 

6 32 
3 45 
7 45 
5 22 
II 59 
7 35 

4 19 
7 57 
7 46 

8 96 
9 52 
4 77 
8 7o 
14 99 
I OI 
I 5o 
8 97 
7 67 
12 24 
1o I? 
5 69 
6 .45 
11 73 
7 4? 
31 23 

17 17 ll 28 
9 44 
4 81 
4 o6 
22 IO 
16 17 
9 83 

11 8? 
5 4? 
15 42 
1o OI 
7 74 
15 17 
12 87 
IO o7 

8 45 
8 36 
8 44 
6 1o 
5 97 
9 15 
16 37 
9 o5 
1o 79 
14 79 
9 69 
8 23 

8 98 
19 o8 
18 o7 
12 91 

8 79 
8 43 
1o 83 
I OO 
9 44 
15 5o 
73 18 
1o 41 
16 o2 
II o6 
I 86 
IO 54 
21 34 

8 o5 t 
5 61 ' 
9 86 < 
14 88 ' 
6 33 - 
4 55 • 
16 4.4 . 
13 92 ■ 
16 l l . 
7 11 . 

9 o3 ' 
4 13 • 
6 56 
11 o4 ' 
6 62 
6 6o • 
3 92 
5 54 
4 94 
5 44 X 
12 36 
7 8o • 

I OO 
6 57 • 
7 39 F 
4 67 ‘ 
6 79 t 
1o 13 • 
7 82 F 

7 9 6 * 
4 96 * 
6 o6 f 
IO 47 * 
I 78 r 
9 46 e 
8 52 4 
9 44 4 

7 17 — 
9 18 4 
7 93 * 
4 89 4 
9 56 • 
3 48 4 

13 o6 4 
7 57 4 
3 14 4 
14 75 - 
1o o5 4 
11 33* 
9 71 * 
8 49 
I OO 
IO 73 . 
1o 3o 4 
14 o5 * 

6 36 • 
3 4 7 - 
7 47 4 
5 25 4 
II 72 4 
7 37 4 

4 53 4 
7 58 ‘ 
7 46 4 

9 OO 4 
9 56 * 
4 77 
8 72 * 
15 o5 t 
I o ? . 
I 51 * 
9 o6 ♦ 
7 73 4 
17 31 4 
1o 25 + 
5 73 * 
6 52 4 
11 76 4 
7 44 4 
31 3o * 

12 29 4 
11 33 f 
9 45 
4 83 4 
4 o7 r 
72 3o 4 
16 19 4 
9 83 4 

11 91 4 
5 45 4 
IS 57 4 
1o OI 
7 74 . 
15 5o* 
I? 87 4 
IO o7 4 

8 5o * 
8 14 4 
8 44 4 
6 17 4 
6 o3 * 
9 72 4 
16 55 * 
9 o5 4 
1o 87 4 
14 41 . 
9 69 4 
8 27 4 

8 98 4 
19 17 * 
18 13 * 
12 91 4 

8 8o • 
8 51 ‘ 
II OO ♦ 
I OO 
9 55 * 
15 61 4 
73 34 ♦ 
1o 41 
16 16 4 
11 17 4 
4 9o * 
IO 56 4 
21 56 • 

o6 
OH 
o7 
o5 
o5 
o2 
13 
13 
15 
OS 

o? 
o5 
o3 
1o 
11 
.17 
o4 
.o8 
o3 
OI 
o3 
o4 

ov 
.o5 
OS 
1o 
17 
o7 

o7 o; 
.1? 
13 
OI 
IC 
o7 
o5 

o4 
o4 
o7 
o4 
o7 os 

18 
Of 
o3 
o8 
o8 
.17 
o8 
o4 

13 
IS 
2C 

IC 
o1 
o6 
o6 
2C 
o8 

.o7 
.o3 
.o4 

OB 
11 

.o3 
18 
o? 
o2 
13 
15 
o6 
.13 
1o 
o8 
14 
o6 
27 

16 
11 

o3 
o5 
o4 
o8 
o7 

15 
o6 
72 

,o? 
o4 
o5 l l 

4 75 
4 I t I 
o7 
4 34 
4 37 c 
o4 
7 86 
7 88 * 
o3 

5 35 
5 35 - 
.18 
6 44 
A 46 * os 
8 63 
8 65 • 
o? 
8 ll 
8 l l ♦ 
o3 
8 IV 
8 23 c 
Ob 
IO OO 
IO ® 
16 ® 
16 ® . 
Os 
3 VI 
3 95 ♦ 
o4 

4 44 
4 4V c 
OS 
I? JR 
17 38 - 
I 
9 18 
9 18 C 
IC 
8 7o 
8 76 - 
Of 

6 AH 
6 i t > 
o 
5 26 
5 35 c 
o3 
4 SS 
4 Al • 
o* 
I ’ A 
I I i , 
o5 
9 77 
9 75 c o- 
2 i i 
2 6o * 
11 
3 24 
3 78 t 
o 
8 3? 
8 3? c 
o* 
8 o8 
8 IS * lr 
8 4o 
8 41 * 
o5 

8 AV 
8 7o ♦ 
o5 
8 23 
8 ® c 
15 
IO AV 
IO U • 
I- 
8 18 
8 JI . 
I i 
26 I? 
76 s t • 
4x 
9 JO 
9 47 • 
7: 
17 42 
17 66 • 
I i 

4 28 
4 29 * 
Of 
A 77 
A 81 • 
It 
7 77 
7 to ♦ 
OC 
IO 88 l l o9 • 
2 
7 JI 
7 35 * 
IS 
I JI 
I I? • 
o. 
I OO 
I ® 
I i 24 
I i 34 t i . 

4 A4 
4 l l • 
O' 
3 46 
3 SI 
O’. 
IO 14 
IO IR < r 
2 79 
2 8? c 
O’ 
8 2? 
8 24 - 
o* 
7 IV 
7 72 c 
OC 
3 ® 
3 o4 • 
Or 
8 i i 
8 74 . 
3’ 
8 73 
8 81 - 
I. 
I 5? 
I 53 • 
O’. 
IO 71 
IO 26* 
I; 

8 86 
8 92 c 
Or 
6 o8 
6 IO • o: 

5 88 
5 9o c o; 
5 12 
5 34 . 
o 
4 63 
4 A’ x 
Of 
9 17 
9 11 • 
OI 
3 o4 
3 OS x o; 
4 V7 
4 92 
18 91 
18 V8 * 
75 
9 4) 
9 45 « 
o 
6 47 
A IS . 
OC 
5 o4 
S o6 * 
o 
19 34 
19 bl * 
I* 
A U 
A I? . 
Q) 
IO 64 
IO AA x lr 
17 48 
17 48 • 
O' 

V o3 
9 o4 x or 
IV TV 
19 JO 
o- 
5 75 
5 79 x ii 
IV 75 
19 VO . it 

IO 79 
IO 19 X o: 
I ® 
I (JO 
IO 58 
IO AO x o; 
7 o5 
7 l l * 
o- 
9 88 
9 V2 x oc 
IO 29 
IO 44 X l( 
7 24 
7 35 ♦ it 

3 95 
3 91 i 
O' 
17 86 
1/ 8V . 
19 71 
19 ll , 
OC 
8 36 
8 IR • 
o 
7 AM 
I l l X 
OI 
5 o6 
5 1ox o; 
I? 94 
18 o? t i t 
9 49 
9 57 . 
I 
7 St 
I tm x ic 
3 Ai 
3 66 . 
OI 
3 24 
3 74 x 
O'. 

H 33 m i x u 
8 63 
* A l . 
o) 
IO 56 
IO 56 
I. 
I i o6 
I i I6x ii 
A 94 
6 V4 
IM 

7 OI 
7 l l x 
o5 
I i Ai 
17 71 x 
K 

IO 16 
IO 32 * it 
I? 98 
13 OR x if 

8 l l 
8 44 x 
13 ll JA l l 38 x 
Ox' 
3 49 
3 57 x 
Oi 

IO 57 
IU 5V t 
OI 
9 W 
9 ® 
o lo Oh 
IO DV x 
o) 
V 84 
9 84 • 
OI 

8 12 
8 14 x 
Q. 
7 IV 
I i t x 
o9 
IO 63 
IO 63 

IO 74 
IO 8o c is 
8 t i 
8 54 c lr 
H 4o 
14 AA x 
12 ll 94 
I? OI ♦ 
72 
12 98 
I i 19 X 
2t 

M F B 
M a the rsF n d n 
M i. Cap 
ML R dyA s 
M id Arnee 
M o n eyM kM gt n 
M O N Y Fund 
MSB Fund 
M u tu a l Benefit 
M IF Fund 
M IF G row th 
M utualist O m aha 
A m e rica 
G ro w th 
Incom e 
M u 'u alS h rsn 
N E A M u tua l 
N atH ndustn 
N at Secor Ser 
B alanced 
Bond 
D ivide nd 
Grew th 
P re fe rre d 
Incom e 
Stock 
N E L ife Fund 
E q u ity 
G row th 
Incom e 
Side 
N egberger Berm 
E ne rq yn 
O ua rd ia nM n 
P artn e rs n 
N e u w irth F d n 
N ew W ortd F d 
N e w tonE und 
N e w ton ln vst Fd 
N IchnlasFd Inn 
Nom uraC apF d 
N o re a s 'ln v n 
N uveenFd 
Om ao a Fund 
O newHHam n 
O ppenhtsm ei Fd 
O ppenhm Fd 
Opp tnr Bos 
Mony Br 
T ax FroeBd 
A IM 
Tim e 
O verC ount Sec 
P a ra m t M u tua l 
Paul R evere 
Penn Square n 
P ennM utual n 
Phi la F und 
PhoonixC apFd 
Phoenix Fd 
P ilg rim G rp 
P ilq rim F o rm 
P ilq rim f d 
M aqnaCap n 
M agna Incom 
P ine Street n 
Pioneer F und 
F txid ll 
P lanned Invest 
P tig ro w th Frid 
PliJrend Fnd 
P rice F unds 
G ro w th F d n 
Incom en 
New E ra n 
N e w H o ri/n n 
Tax Free 
P roF und n 
P ro vid e r O rth 
P ru SIP 
P utn am Funds 
Convert 
F q u if 
George 
G ro w th 
Incom e 
Invest 
T a x i xem pt 
Vista 
Voyage 
R am bow Fdn 
R eserve! cf n 
R evere F und 
S atecoE ciuitf d 
Safeco G rew th 
Sc udder f unds 
Incom en 
In tlf und 
M M um B d 
Spec ial n 
Com m on St o 
M a n aq eR is n 
Sec u r n , Funds 
E q u ity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sentinel G roup 
Apex f und 
B atara eg Fd 
Com m on Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
S e n try ! nod 
S ia rch o F le rs Gp 
Com stock F d 
E nte rp ris e Fd 
F letcher Fd 
H a rb or Fund 
I eqe I I ist 
Pace F und 
Shearson F unds 
A pp re cia tion 
Incom e 
Invest 
S ierraG th ti 
S hrm nD ean n 
S iqm aF unds 
C apital 
Invest 
Trust Sh 
Vet! I ore Shr 
S rn t ti 
B a 
S. 
A 
S m th B a riA G n 
SOG I t i Int 
Southwstn Inv 
■ o u th w n ln v Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
Spec fra t dn 
Stale BondOr 
Com m on f d 
D iv e rs ifie d F 
P rogress F d 
S ta t! a rm G th n 
Stat F a rm Bal 
Stall St Inv 
Steadm an f unds 
A m e rin d n 
Agyof T ru s tn 
Invest n 
O ceanoqra n 
Stein Roe f ds 
B alance n 
CapOpn 
‘.toe k n 
Surveyor F d 
Tem pG th Can 
T e m p ln vF d n 
T ransam f ap 
T r an sam invest 
I ra v e irts E qFd 
T udnrH f'dge n 
JOthCent O rth 
Tdtefent Inc 
USA AC apG ttin 
USAAIn. Fd 
USGovt Sec ur 
Unit M u tua l 
U nifund enava'i 
Union Svr G rp 
B ioadSt lev 
Mat Invest 
Umon Capitol 
Um onlnr Fd 
United I unds 
Acc u m u ltiv 
Bond 
Cont G row th 
Ccxit Incom e 
Incom e 
Sc lance 
V anguard i InitS vcsF Un 
Value Line Fd 
Value L me 
Income' 
L evrqed O rth 
S ped i i i 
Vance Sanders 
Inc om e 
Invest 
Com m on spec ell 
J ■ ender h ill O rth 
Vander b it In cm 
Vanguard G roup f x pl or f t F od f st Index 
(vest t mid 
M organ F and 
Trustees I g 
W ellesley Im 
Wed,region f d 
Wi Sim el Bd 
Windsor f m id 
Varied Indus! 
Wall St G m w tn 
W emgrti F q n 
W s tl.e td G r w th 
Wisconsin Incm t 
No load b ind 

15 65 
13 37 
13 71 
I OO 
5 26 
I OO 
9 3o 
14 16 
9 17 
8 73 
3 87 

15 61 
13 27 
13 o8 
I OO 
5 TO 
I OO 
9 24 
14 OS 
8 99 
8 67 
3 82 

 ll 75 l l 73 
4 o6 
4 o4 
9 44 
9 4 1 
78 63 
28 54 
8 26 
8 ?! 
1o 97 
1o 82 

9 59 
9 51 
4 65 
4 54 
4 19 
4 17 
5 67 
5 57 
7 64 
7 54 
5 5o 
5 46 
8 33 
8 78 

17 17 
16 83 
8 73 
8 61 
M O ? 
13 99 
13 44 
13 29 

14 73 
78 4? 
9 4? 
8 31 l l o4 
11 5o 
1o l l 
14 27 
9 45 
I t 84 
9 6o 
1o 33 
13 BO 

6 3? 
8 7o 
I OO 
IO 29 
9 36 
7 23 
12 35 
8 78 
6 OO 
8 16 
3 7o 
7 l l 
8 16 
9 54 

17 91 
8 71 
3 47 
9 24 
II 24 

14 66 
28 21 
9 38 
8 25 l l OO 
11 39 
1o o5 
14 13 
9 39 
14 87 
9 54 
IO 19 
13 69 

6 3o 
8 66 
I OO 
1o 78 
9 27 
J 19 
12 27 
8 74 
5 97 
8 o7 
3 69 
7 o6 
8 o9 
9 49 

12 74 
8 17 
3 45 
9 27 
11 17 

14 o5 
13 91 
15 34 
IS 22 l l 53 l l 44 l l 18 ll IO 
7 93 
7 87 

IO 33 
1o o4 
11 OB 
6 99 
1o 18 
5 98 
T i l 
9 6) 

11 95 
9 8o 
13 8o 
1o 41 
8 o5 
7 18 
23 84 
IO o3 t i 89 
I 91 
I OO 
5 SS 
9 o6 
8 94 

14 74 
12 88 
1o 25 
23 26 
9 47 
1o o3 

IO IS 
IO OI 
IO 95 
6 91 
1o 15 
5 92 
7 74 
9 52 

11 8o 
9 73 
13 69 
1o 34 
8 o4 
7 39 
23 83 
9 96 
11 76 
I 86 
I OO 
5 48 
8 97 
8 86 

14 7o 
I? 75 
1o 73 
73 14 
9 47 
1o o3 

3 96 
3 93 
3 94 
7 43 
7 39 
7 43 
9 74 
9 68 
9 7o 

3 59 
3 56 
7 97 
7 93 
17 37 
17 79 
8 22 
8 1 7 
12 16 
17 OI 

3 56 ‘ 
J 96 | 
12 35 
8 71 ■ 
12 13 * 

5 85 
5 83 
5 37 
5 34 
5 31 
5 28 
8 58 
8 57 
6 66 
6 6o 

5 BS ■ 
5 36 • 
5 29 * 
8 58 • 
6 63 > 
IO 38 
IO 27 
IO 77 

16 88 
16 8? 
16 85 . 
18 79 
IR 71 
18 76 * 
IO 28 
IO 18 
IO 25 • 
8 9o 
8 87 
8 9o • 
19 26 
IS 88 
19 26 

8 66 
IO 45 
8 79 
IO 4o r 
E 
I 
A G 
12 67 
IO 96 
8 o5 
4 66 
1? 13 
4 67 

4 38 
5 OI 
3 91 
6 o3 
9 SH 
43 o4 

2 77 
I IO 
I 41 
6 18 

17 83 
8 68 
I? SO 
8 81 
12 17 
I OO 
7 32 
9 46 
1o 23 
13 76 
4 o9 
5 76 
7 73 
11 7V 
9 79 
8 44 

17 o4 
6 l l 
IO 97 
12 75 

6 36 
7 l l 
9 o7 
9 47 
1o 21 
5 58 
5 15 
I 68 

6 97 
5 TO 
9 39 
4 2o 

I ) 61 
7 18 
6 17 
8 o9 
3 89 
3 87 

18 57 
11 13 
7 66 
II IV 
9 19 
I? 26 
9 9o 
9 66 
1o MI 
3 54 
6 O 
1o 99 
7 25 
5 46 

8 6o 
8 66 a 
IO 4o 
IO 41 * 
8 76 
8 76 
IO 3o 
IO 4o • 

12 61 
IO 9o 
1 98 
4 83 
12 o8 
4 59 

4 12 
4 96 
3 86 
5 91 
9 55 
42 47 

2 26 
I o8 
I 41 
6 16 

17 74 
8 54 
17 41 
8 73 
12 o9 
I OO 
7 78 
9 l l 
1o o9 
13 6o 
• no y ’ o 
J 6/ 
11 78 
9 74 
8 37 

11 96 
6 75 
1o VI 
12 69 

6 I? 
7 37 
8 98 
9 JV 
1o 16 
5 55 
5 l l 
I 55 

6 87 
5 17 
9 l l 
4 13 

13 57 
7 13 
6 77 
7 95 
3 85 
3 85 

18 47 l f o3 
7 59 
11 o9 
9 I? 
17 18 
9 86 
9 61 
1o ii 
3 18 
6 29 
1o 9o 
7 2o 
5 35 

17 63 » 
IO 96 » 
8 OS • 
4 83 » 
I? l l * 
4 66 t 

4 37 4 
I 96 
3 9o ♦ 
5 97 
9 55 c 
43 o2 * 

2 27 4 
I o8 - 
I 41 • 
6 16 

17 83 4 
8 68 * 
I? 5o > 
8 81 4 
17 17 4 
I OO 
7 79 4 
9 36 * 
1o 23 4 
13 69 . 
4 o6 * 
5 74 * 
7 TO t 
11 78 * 
9 74 
8 4o * 

17 o7 4 
6 3o * 
IO 97 * 
I? 75 4 

6 35 4 
7 34 I 
9 o6 * 
9 47 4 
1o 19 » 
5 56 * 
5 13 . 
I 68 f 

6 92 « 
5 19 . 
9 38 . 
4 16 ♦ 

11 6o • 
7 18 • 
6 3? * 
8 o7 . 
3 87 . 
3 86 * 

18 -.7 - 
11 o9 * 
7 63 • 
1 11 7. 
9 16 » 
I V 26 . 
9 9o * 
9 66 > 
1o 4o 4 
3 52 . 
6 29 
1o 95 • 
7, 74 4 
5 37 - 

15 65 4 
13 27 • 
13 17 4 
I OO 
5 76 » 
I OO 
9 77 4 
14 14 . 
9 17 4 
8 71 . 
3 85 4 

 l l 75 4 
4 o6 * 
9 41 4 
78 54 . 
8 71 4 
1o 92 . 

9 56 4 
4 65 4 
4 19 * 
5 57 . 
7 64 4 
5 SO 4. 
8 31 4 

17 17 * 
8 73 * 
I l o? ‘ 
13 38 . 

14 71 4 
78 38 * 
9 41 . 
8 3o • 
11 OO * 
II 39 . 
1o o5 • 
14 77 • 
9 42 . 
14 84 * 
9 59 
1o 33 • 
13 74 * 

6 31 * 
8 7o » 
I OO 
1o 29 * 
9 33 * 
7.19 * 
12 35 . 
8 77 4 
5 97 . 
8 16 * 
3 69 . 
7 o9 * 
8 15 ‘ 
9 54 4 

17 91 * 
8 19 . 
3 47 > 
9 24 * 
11 21 * 

14 OS * 
15 34 4 
11 53 • l l 17 4 
7 91 • 

1o 2o* 
1o o4 4 
11 o7 * 
6 99 * 
1o 15 
5 98 . 
7 77 * 
9 67 4 

11 91 4 
9 75 * 
13 77 4 
1o 4o • 
8 OS * 
7 48 . 
23 84 
1o oo • 
11 87 • 
I 89 
I OO 
5 SS . 
9 o7 4 
8 86 > 

14 7? • 
17 88 • 
1o 23 * 
73 15 4 
9 44 . 
1o o3 

Dividends 

F R IG A VS D IV ID E N D S D E C L A R E D 
Pe n o d 
R a te 
IR R E G U L A R 
K e y s to n e * d # 2 
41 
M a s s * n d D * v F d lf? 
M riS s F d ln iO '" 
?v 
Massine D e v ! d 
M a s s if 

S tk Of pay re c o rd able 

T elesc i enc e In 

73 ova 
>5 
STOCK lOpc 
JJJJpt f ig m N a tl 
G lom Indus! 
Penn Ti a tta x 
■ 7 for t sloek split 
U V tndust 
» 
« ? tor I sp lit Subtec r to a p p ro 
IN IT IA L 

3 31 
3 3t 
4 6 
3 31 
3 l l 
3 28 

4 I 
3 31 
5 TO 
Jb iec! to a pun 

I el et or Inc ti 

C T SCn rp 
Nuc O ff ik p 
UR SCurp 
UV tndust w npetebi a tor f I 

AU isQ iah 
Am B ake. ifs 
Am M u! IF (kid 
Am Sec u n ty 
Am W elding 
( e n lra l bnkgS vs 
D e tro it jlitt r id 
D ilia*dD c p tS 'r 
G uar ant tx- f ne I 
H aw ker $rdC<m 
H o sp M tq e O rb 
* ny to n e ! U U 1 
KeyStOni F df.7 
Moore Samuel 
P erm iC orp 
R alston IPurm a 
RipleyC o 
S eligm an fk l.tU 
*x,ufhi m in d 
I ippsChewm g 
Vesta or Sec UC 
Wiener Coro 

IN C R E A S E D 
175 
o9 
I? 
SO i i # 
R E G U L A R 
775 
25 

3 31 
5 7 

3 31 
3 28 
4 I 
3 i i 
5 6 
4 I 
4 7 
J l l 
4 I 
3 25 
4 15 
3 31 
3 JI 
4 4 
4 17 
5 7 
4 I 
4 29 
4 8 

N I ^ Y O K K A f i i i T re a s u ry h 
Or f rills y 
Di 
Bid 
A .lr 
Y id 
I * ’ ? 
3 74 
4 A! 4 ll 
4 J? 
3 ii 
4 A. 
4 14 4 41 
4 
5 
I SI 4 O 4 4o 
4 
; 
4 SA 4 37 4 JV 
I 14 
4 SS 4 ll 
4 Mc 
4 71 
4 St 4 41) 4 i t 
J 78 
4 Sh 4 t i 
4 SO 
5 
3 
4 SV 4 ts 4 54 
5 s 
4 AO 4 48 4 SI 
5 17 
4 AO I SO 4 iv 
5 IV 
4 Mi 4 VO 4 ® 
, A 
4 AO 4 so 4 Au 
5 JI 
I AO 4 so 4 6o 
A 
2 
4 Al 4 5.) 4 64 
A V 
4 A? 4 54 4 Ai 
A IA 
4 59 4 SS 4 AA 
A 21 
4 65 4 i i 
4 7o 
4 28 
4 AA 4 SA 4 Ar 
A Kl 
4 AH. 4 58 4 7o 
I 
I 
4 72 4 62 4 IS 

1 11 
4 IS 
I AS 4 19 
71 
4 I t 
I AA I HO 
I t 
I to 
I 67 4 8 I 
78 
I 78 
I 66 4 HI 
8 
I 
4 NO 4 IU I pp, 
8 l l 
4 HS 4 IS 4 91 
8 Im 
4 Hi 4 l l 
4 Vt 
H 23 
4 87 t to 4 91 
8 Ti 
I «A 4 ’ 8 4 VS 
9 
I 
4 89 4 Kl 
4 Yr 
V 
8 
4 VO I 81 5 ® 
V IS 
4 8 ’ 
4 83 5 o? 
V TO 
4 95 4 Hi 5 o? 
IO IM 
5 ® 
I VU 5 IO 
■ I I i 
S OH 4 VA 5 I? 
I? 13 
5 I? 
5 U? 5 24 
IV/H 
I IO 
5 IA 5 o6 5 19 
7 
7 
5 TO 5 12 5 J* 
3 
I 
I? 5 I) 
5 41 cub ne r to F t*derai a 
I" b u t nu t to 
I a if i n < © rn ( 

C h i c a g o 
O p t i o n s 

N E W YO R K 
Y e a rly 
High 
Low 

J 
. c a d o r * 
(A P ) W eek's tw e n ty m ost a c tiv e slocks 
W eek's 

SonyCorp 
Asarco In t 
O ceidenPet 
Westqh E> 
Last Kodak 
Texaco Inc 
A m TT 
G ull O il 
RCA 
B a lly M fg 
Xerox Cp 
Dow Ch 
Gen M o tors 
IntT e iT e l 
ContO il 
H oneyw ell 
KresgeSS 
SouthCa! E d 
B ritP p t 
M obil 

NE W YORK (A P ) - W e e k's A m e ric a n leaders 
W eek's 
Sale 
AngloCo L id 
393.9oo 
H ouO ilM 
■ 374 8oo 
Asam era O 
326 OOO 
Gent E x p io r 
3o3 7oo 
US F ilte r 
• '288 9oo 
Kaiser Ind 
26’ IOO 
Susduehan 
248 IOO 
GI Bas Pet 
2o6.8oo 
S yntexC orp 
164.7oo 
Kewanee In 
162 'oo 

 iO1 j 
SU 
73 
16' x 
77' x 
23’ J 
ISG 
16 , 
-A X 
7o'n 
3o 
I t 
65G 
67 
3oG 
781 16 
79 * x 
25 'n 
JVG 
71’ , 
SBG 
43' , 
IAG 
’ 8' i 
TRU 
34 G 
J IG 
38 
33’ , 
SIG 
43' ? 
4o G 
31 ’ n 
7 1 ’ n 
21G 
IAG 
13 1 n 
71 t i 

NE W YORK 
Y e a rly 
Hiqh 
Low r i 
7 to ’ n 
4?G 
U G 
9'p 
13* 7 
5G 
ISG 
17 
IAG l i t . 
4' x 
2 * „ 
7' A 
5G 
24 'n 
18' / 
43' z 
3o , 

Oles 
H igh 
L ow 
Last Cha 
IO-1 X 
( , 
I 853,8® 
IO' j 
9 G 
1,474.6® 
71 
1 8'* i i c IG 
I 187 7oo 
7? * 
26 
27 
I 
I '. 
946 5® 
18 ’ n 
IAG 
1 7 G - 
' ; 
881.9® 
74' n 
7oG 
71 
- 
IG 
873.5® 
28’ n 
77 
27’ n * 
' f 
8.11 A® 
63' 4 bl 
623 4 x 
' -, 
829.ooo 
JOG 
2 9 '* 
3o' 7 * 
’ n 
8o ) 7oo 
29 *x 
28'n 
29' 7 * 
3 4 
79 5 2oo 
29U 
76 
79’ »x 
33t 
777.ooo 
SOG 
48 3 4 
49 
- 
I 
767,6® 
39 * x 
38 
3 9 U * 
IG 
71? 9® 
73G 
71 
72G x 
IG 
688.3oo 
33'n 
32G 
32G x 
'n 
682,2oo 
36G 
34 
SAG ‘ 
2’ x 
657.9® 
SIG 
48G 
19 
*i 
646 6oo 
JAG 
33' • 
33G 
’ n 
AP9 OOO 
23 G 
? I 3 4 
7 3 G " IN 
58o 9® 
ISG 
MV, 
U H — 
J. 
573.7oo 
71 
6 9 '- 
69G c 
N 

H igh 
Low 
Last xC h ?x 
3' y 
3 
3' / 
48 
43’ n 
44' » 
3G 
I? 
IO U 
11*4 
I 4 
13’ , 
IO' 4 
13 
2 'r 
ISG 
M G 
IS 
3 4 
IA U 
IAG 
I A U 
4’ 4 
3G 
4 
G 
7 
A' I 
A G 
19'n 
18'n 
18 G 
N 
43' x 
4 l ' n 
41 G 
- IG 
Averages 

W H AT TH E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
Two 
T h is P re v Y e a r Years wevtcw eekaqo ago 
Advances 
1167 
9o4 
721 
71- 
Dec lines 
674 
896 
1115 1o47 
Unchanged 
766 
297 
227 
227 
Total ssues 
21o7 
7o97 
2o63 198S 
New 1977 highs 
243 
123 
163 
596 
New 1977 lows 
186 
38 
65 
IS 

W E E K L Y S A LE S 
ThisW e e k 
ThlsW eek 
A Y ea r Age ; 
1o5.91o,ooo 1o6.934 95C1 
S91 38o OOO $96 6o8,OOT 
13,33o OOO 16 462 68C 
$5 61o,ooo 15,363.OOO 
6.2oo OOO 6,275,ODC 

N Y Stocks 
NY Bonds 
A m e rica n Stocks 
A m erican Bonds 
M idw i-st Stocks 

N E W YORK (A P ) 
Dow Jones range of prices tor the w eek ended OO v 
STOCK A V E R A G E S 
O pen 
H ig h L o w C lo s e Ch 
Indus 
958 36 968 oo 958 36 961 o? 
Trans 
225 36 231 35 275 36 73 ! 35 
U tils 
1o6 56 1o7 57 1o6 44 1o7 52 
65 ilk s 311 84 3 1 4 98 
311 84 314 8o 
BONO A V E R A G E S 
2o Bonds 9o 9o 
91 
IO 
9o 9o 
91 o9 
U tils 
96 IO 
96 57 96 IO 96 55 
Indus 
85 7o 
85 73 85 62 
85 6? - o OF 
C O M M O D ITY F U T U R E S IN O E X 
417 2? 436 34 417 72 435 79 ♦ 17 65 

C hg 
13 X 
*6 87 
* o 82 
J 5 73 

 a o TF r o 62 

NEW YO R K 
(A P ' 
— 
S tandard ana 
Poor I W eekly 5oo Stock Index 

W eekly N um ber of T ra d e d issues 
N Y Stocks 
71o7 
N Y 
Bonds 
1577 
A m e rica n S torks 
114< 
A m e rica n Bonds 
13C 
Ups and 
N F W YORK (A P ) - The fo llo w in g list shows the New Y ork Stock 
E xchange 
•lo c k s and w a rra n ts th a t have none up the most and down the m o st in the past week based on p e rc e n t of change rix ia rd le s s o t volum e 
No sec u n tie s tra d m q b elo w 5? are m d kuded Net and p e rce n ta q e ch a n g e sa re th . d iffe re n ce between la st w e e k s ctosm q p ric e and this w eek's c lo s in g p ric e 
UPS n a m e 
L a s t 
C hg 
P ct 
I 
Oak Ind 
TO1 y 
* 
5 
Up 
32 : 
7 
O a k ln d I 7-ipt .14 
* 1o'x 
Up 
31 f 
3 
Webb DelE 
IO’ » 
• 
I ’ * 
Up 
22 < 
W o rld A irw 
6 
* t 
Up 
2o ( 
13’ n 
* 2 '* 
Up 19< 
I8G 
+ 3 
72 
. 3' j 
3' 4 
J 
IO t i ' , 
3o 

H ig h 
Low 
Close 
Chg 
#o 
Indus! 
131 8o ll? 96 
113 37 
X I 41 
TO T ran*, 
I i 4o 
14 o7 
H 4o x o 35 
4o U ti’s 
52 44 
57 o3 
52 44 
• o it 
1o F maned 
I! ?S l l 65 l l t i 
. o O’ 
5® Stocks 
1o2 I? 
IQI 47 
IGI 86 
* I 71 

D o w n s 

Gleasn Wks 
6 
Basic Inc 
7 
Asarco inc 
8 
CabotCab F 
9 
SwsFor Ind 
1o 
G rllk D re rl 
Lennar Cp 
I? 
G am h Skoq l l 
M a c Dona! 
I t 
Basic Im p l 
15 
Aden P ity 
16 
V aro Inc 
17 
B allyM tg 
18 
Am Shipb 
19 
W atkins Jhn 
TO 
E IM e m M q 
21 
H e le nC u rf A 
27 
W hite M otor 
23 
G aP acif 
24 
A m rep Corp 
25 
H uyck Cp 

Nam e 
1 
Monroe F q 
2 
At a c M ig 
3 
Texfi Ind 
I 
F.mp 4 75pt 
5 
F 1 'P i M ig 
6 
U S R 'ty tnv 
7 
Bk 
Month 
8 
RiC m od icp 
9 
Natom as 
1o to m w O ptA 
11 
ContCp p lB 
17 
A lb ed o Cut 
13 
D ellona Cp 
I t 
West P i Pep 
15 
Suave Shoe 
DotiLut Jen 
Scott Paper 
Inters! 
Unit 
Jant/en inc 
L e v i!/ t m il 
Ponderosa 
D 'G ior pt A 
F isher Fds 
24 
Johnson? F 
25 
O id pb on e 

7 
27G 
5’ * 
41' i 
3 
8' / 
29’ b 
ISG 
2 2'4 
4 '* 
S' > 
734 
35*4 
2'4 
14'» 
DO W N S 
Last 
IO 
7 '» 
4 ’ 4 
S’ , 
7' J 
3' , 
2 3 '* 
TO'* 
36’ « 
17 * H 
54 
7 

I 
3'4 

3 '* 
I 3 4 
? '* 

Chg 
- 
I ' / 
Pct 
OH 13 < 
O ft IO ' 
OH IO ' o h IO : 
OH to ( 
OH 
9 
OH 
9 I 
OH 
9 
OH 
8 
OH 
8 : 
4 '« 
OH 
OH 

3 4 | ? 
8 3 
4 1 * 
- 
3 
- 
18 
- I 
6' * 
1S'4 
— I 
4 3 4 
— 
6 '* 
- 
13' , 
— I t I ’ 4 
— 
IO' 4 
- 
1 2 '* 

OH 
O ft 
8 
OH 
7 < 
OH 
7 , 
OH 
7 , 
OH 
7 ' 
OH 
7 
OH 
7 
OH 
7 I 
O ff 
6 ' 
OH 
6 ' 
OH 
6 I 
OH 
D o lla r 

NEW YORK (A P ) 
The fo llo w in g bs 
‘•hows the A m e ric a n 
Stock 
E xchange stocks and w a rra n ts th a t have gone up th.- most and dow n the m ost in the past week based on percent o f chang, reqardtessof v o lum e 
No securities tra d in g below S? a r r (net tided 
Ne' and p ercen tag ech a ng esa re fh. difference betw een last week s closinc p ric e and this week s d o s in g p ric e 
UPS 
L a s t ■ 
3 ', 
7 '* 
2'4 
6 '* 
13 
3 '* 
5 ’ * 
7 

B's 
6' * 
3' I 
4 3* 
12>4 
2 '4 
2' 4 
7'» 
9 '* 
1 7 '. 
7 '4 
4 '. 
8’ J 
5 ' 4 
3'» 
S '* 
DOW NS 
Last 
S '* 

2 
7 
7 
7 9 '* 
5‘ 4 

NEW YORK 
NE W YORK (A P ) — The fo llo w in g is . bst cit the most a c tiv e Stocks based on the dollar volum e 
The total is based on the m e d ian p ric . el the stock tra de d m u ltip lie d by the share-, traded 
Nam e 
Tot (StOOO I Sales IhdS IL ast 
IB M 
$179 9o2457o 283' . fa s t kodak 
*64 o47 8819 
71 
Gen M otors 
$53,721 
7379 
A m T T 
157,o78 
8316 
M obil 
$4o 159 5737 
Xerox Cp 
$38 461 
777o 
Money welt 
$37 73o 6579 
Orc iden Pet 
$31 474 11877 i Ch 
$29,646 
7626 
A sa ri o Inc 
$79 56o 14246 

 n a m e 
I 
EAC Ind 
7 
SupSurq M I 
3 
Friend Fro 
4 
K ilM tg Co 
5 
Geol f .p lo r 
6 
HiG Inc 
7 
AM AX wt 
8 
M etro G rtq 
9 
Susguehan 
1o 
G erber Sci 
11 
W rnther Cp 
17 
AngloCo I Id 
13 
Laneco Inc 
14 
Compo Ind 
15 f irs tm a rk 
16 
Medaln G rp 
17 
D ynellE lec 
18 
CHC Corp 
19 
Am Sc I Eng 
TO 
Bendy Seat 
21 
Th re eD b p t 
77 
Seton Co 
23 
Glen G ery 
24 
Barcoof Cal 
25 
Wallac Sam 

Name 
I 
F hrnch Ph 
7 
O m a n d Ind 
3 
Servo Corp 
J 
Cellu C ran 
5 
D'Sront F ab 
6 f'a m iy Recd 
7 
D e v o n G rp 
8 
W hippany 
9 
N K m ny Cp 
1o 
Tenna C orp 
II 
A m M a ile A 
I? 
G arcia Corp 
13 
G arland 
Cp 
14 
P arm nt P kg 
15 
V ntage E n! 
16 
W ichita Ind 
17 
P iantron 
18 
MPO Video 
19 
Staftd Low d 
JO 
Topps G um 
TI 
P re -R e al 
A 
11 
Rex N oreco 
73 
C l and A uto 
74 
GtenD'S B 
25 
Reading In d 

 w a d e r s 

AM ERICAN 

NEW YO R K IA P ) 
The fo llo w in g is < bs! of the m ost a c tiv e stocks based on the dollar vo lum e 
The total is based on the m e d ian price ot the stock tra d e d m u ltip lie d bv the 
■■hares traded 
Name 
Tot ($1ooo) S aleslh d sJLa sl 
HotiO 'IM 
$17,193 
3748 44'r 
Kewanee In 
$6,914 
1627 41 '. f alron Slid 
$4 495 
1o8o 43'* 
US F ill.* 
$4 133 
2889 
15 k .user 
Ind 
$4,313 
2614 
16G 
Asam era O 
$3 626 
176o l l ’ 4 
G .n lE .p lO r 
$3 6o6 
3o17 
13 
Syn'ex Corp 
$3,577 
1847 l l 3. 
Husky O il 
$7 852 
1198 7 ) ', 
Reset Ch CH 
$7,386 
1164 71 

I I G 
7>b 
5 
6' 4 
2 '* 
7 '« 
6»* 
15' * 
2G 

Chg 
P ct 
Up 
33 
IG 
Up 
31 
'n 
Up 
79 . 
IG 
Up 
26; 
7 '* 
Up 
75 
G 
Up 
241 
U s 
Up 
23 
G 
Up 
23 
G 
Up 
73 
I ’ , 
Up 
27. 
IG 
Up 
7 2 ' 
'* 
Up 
71. 
G 
Up 
TO 
7’ * 
Up 
2o ( 
G 
Up 
TOI 
'n 
Up 
7o ( 
IG 
Up 
19. 
IG 
Up 
16.* 
IG 
Up 
16 
G 
Up 
151 
G 
Up 
15 ( 
IG 
UP 
15 
3 4 
Up 
IS I 
' > 
Up 
14 1 
G 
Up 
14 f 

Chg 
Pct 
I 
OH 16 
G 
CMI 15 ( 
G 
OH I 6 
'4 
OH It 
- 
'4 
OH l l 
'4 
OH l l 
3 '* 
O ft 1o ' 
'» 
OH IO < 
- 
>4 
OH to • 
G OH 
IO : 
I 
OH Io ( 
'4 
OH IO ( 
G 
OH 1o1 
' / 
OH IO ( 
G 
OH lo t 
' / 
OH IO ( 
OH 
9 t 
O ft 
9 ; 
OH 
OH 
OH 
OH 

IG 

8 
I - 
OH 
8 I 
OH 
8 

4 15 
4 29 
4 15 
4 25 
4 29 
4 5 

4 15 

5 I? 
5 X 
4 I i 
4 TV 

4 lr 
4 l l 
4 7. 
4 IS 
5 27 
4 I ' 
4 IX 
5 I 
4 I i 
4 I i 
5 2 
4 I i 
4 I i 
4 14 

5 'I 
6 IO 
4 IS 
5 l l 
4 IS 
4 79 
4 7< 
4 14 

Chicago Grain 

CH l f A GU 
(A P ) 
Soybean futu re s p rice s mov.-d n e rv o u s ly o ver a re la tiv e ly w 'd' area on the C h ica go B oard of T rade f rid a y .Mid dosed un a w id e ly separated range 
The old crop, or n e a rb y , o ptio ns, re tine ting a p ossib tity of a s c a rc ity of beans 
G 'lo re the 1977 h a rv e s t a m id a g ro w in g dem and tor the p ro d u c ts and beans, rose 
13 cents a bushel 
D .T e rre d . or new cro p , month re fle c to r a s tro n g p o s s ib litv of increased acreage because ot the c u rre n t high p rices, fell IO’ re n ts a bus*-el 
One o c oil c o n tra c t advanced the al lo.vabb d aily lien it of I® p o in t' . o r I cent a pound 
A ll oil o p tio n s m oved fir m ly ahead in the ctosm q n ,m utes on a de­ mand spurred bv n ew e x p o rt business 
M eal future-, closed m ix e d 
E a rly dem and fo r co n i-n o d d ie s rn the com plex wa- in flu e n c e d bv new e xpo rt business o v ernig h t in o d , m e a l and beans 
There also was talk ot a d ro u g h t in China and .H shqhtly low er B ra rih e n he-an hat vest 
The weather cippeareu to h ave no 
Heel on the compU'K b u t wheat corn and oaf', weakened b»-tor< noon ot. speed a liv e liq u ida tio n lin k e d w ith the w ide angina snow sleet a n d ra m Over the e n tra l ix irtio n ut the c o u n try 
The late lee and tor w heat a nd corn fu tu re s was e t eft by short c o v e rin g and new buym q tssoclated w ith th o u g h ts ot s m a lle r aer age this spring to these g ra m s d -joy n an acreage expands ice d b ro ile rs w ere leady to alroot ' 4 ce nt a iround h igh e r in light ii ad*1 
At the close -cybeans were »o‘ 1 cents 
1 bu-4ie i lo war to I t h ig h e r, 7\Aarch 8 53; ore was unchanged to I h iq tie r, M arch 
2 54' 1. w heat was u nch an g ed to G b ig c r M arch 2 77 G and o ats were 
4 to ?' , e cr M a rch I tit' . 

Mar 
M a r 
Jut 
Sep 
Dec 
M ar 

O pen 
H ig h I o w C lo se P r e v 
W H E A T (i.OOC bo) 
7 71*, ? 73 
2 /8 
7 79 
2 B i' 4 7 86 
7 92' 4 7 9 2 '. 
3 DI G 3 o7 G 
3 IO' 
3 l l G 
CORN I i OOO bo) 

7 71' 
2 ti' 
7 84* 
7 91' 
3 OI' 
3 o9' 

2 77G J IV * 
2 78 4 2 78 4 
7 Bi G 7 Si 7 
2 9 7 g 2 97 
J o7 '4 3 o2 
3 l l G J IIG 

Mar 
2 SIG 
2 i i 
7 51 
M ay 
2 SBG 
2 S 9 G 2 58 
Jo' 
2 65 
2 ASG } A i' sup 
2 66 . 
2 68 *4 2 66 
Der i n 
I 71 
I ft)' 
M ar 
2 ti G 
2 78 G J 76 
OATS (5 OOO b u l 
Mac 
I TO' .• 
I 71 
I 68' 
Ma / 
I 7o 
I TO G I 68 lul 
I 6JG 
I 64 
I 67 
Cep 
I 6o 
I 6o 4 I 99 4 
D u 
I At 
I 64 
) 67* 
SOYBEANS ( 5 OOO b u l 
Art cif 
H SO 
H 49 
H S3 a 43 
; 6 /1 
/ 14 
J 3o 
J 25 
; rn 

8 A6 
8 S9 
8 6o 
8 16 
/ /4 
/ 16 
I W 
I 2V 
I to 

8 I? 
8 44 
8 4S 
8 if t 6 ) 
/ OS f II 
; iv 
I 19 

? S4 
2 S8'< 
2 64 ', 
7 67 
7 ti 
J 78 

I 68 . 
I 69 t AJG 
I to 
I AJG 

8 SI 
8 SA 
8 57 
8 44' . 
7 74 
7 UA 
7 I? 
7 18 
A) . 
SO YBEAN O IL I AO.OOO lbs) 

1 53 
2 18' 
7 64 
2 AA 
7 TI 
J 77 

I l l 
I 7O' 
I 64 
I 6o' 
I 63’ 

8 5o 
8 49 
8 5o 
8 41 
7 Al 
I 16 
7 TO 
7 25 
7 l l ' 

May 

27 6o 
.St .81 
,'7 TO 78 ti! i i AO 
27 65 
28 AO 
27 3o 28 
6o I t ti! 
27 95 
.« A i 
27 57 78 i i V 8o 
77 BO 
TH i i l l SO TM 
SO 77 tv 
I t OS 
77 VS 
26 BS 77 
7o JI OO 
7 6 d i 
27 OO 
25 95 26 
8o 26 ® 
25 I i 
TA IJ 
25 I i 25 
SO 25 25 
T i IS 
IS 8o 
IS IS IS tS 
IS WI 
25 IO 
25 75 
'25 JO 25 
75 25 I i 
75 75 
25 o5 
SO Y B E AN M E A L (IOO tons) 
V t? ® 2J? SO 
/J I OO 237 SO 23o ® ' 
2)6 DQ 2J8 OO 
233 SO J l l OO 2l6 OO 
.‘ it .'o ?41 OO lit, 6o 739 IO 239 OO 
216 OO i l l SO 
HS OO l i t oo 235 IO 
TIV ® 2)9 oo 
TIS SO TIA 5o 719 Ob 
194 OO 194 SO 
191 OO IV? ® 194 OO 
19?® 193 oo 
188 ® 189 5o 191 ® 
W I® tVl SO 189® 189® 1 93® 
193® 1 9 3 ® IVO OO I9VOO 193 5o 
191 OE' IV? I*' 191 ® 192 OO 195 SO 
Money Halt* 

N FW Y O * * (A P 
M a n e / ra ft* tor 

Mr tm* ra t 
D*V Our*? r cif f inter f ync i l l 16 h.qr p» ttUjf S COH 
W) IMO El,J y 
Cgitin 'Cfi. j *ji 
JO 27o d a y 
B x kl r at c 
JO 59 da ys 

 m a rk e t ra te 
4 -. tow 
( I i 16 clove 
I t t p t r 
IG s paper t.n ani 

 plane es d ealer atelic« 
4 68 4 Ai 
All BV cia, 
1 75 4 7o 
TU I IV clay 
J 8o 4 75 
I/O 17V da y, 
4 B i 4 8o 
18(1 77o ila ys 
5 OS 5 
Ce' H ' ale of 'deposit 
Hi iv days, I 3* 4 
. 
6o o9 days 
4 I a 
GI I IV Clays 
I '* 4 4 
I2 o l7 v a a y s 4 "a 4 ’ n 
18o IU' days i i a 
Telerate m oney m a rk e t index 
4 72 unchanged b u m Thursday t u ro d d iiar ra 3es 
O vernight IG lls 16 
I month i i 16 5* 
3 m onths i i 16 S 
6 m onths 5 . 59 16 
I year 55 16 61 16 

T U 
¥ 
Market c*1^ 
Analysis 

M 
V I M E S 

3 1 I N M S T I I I I S 
I n k i f 

M a rc h 1 4 - 1 1 

T r i p p 

 i t . i n 
P H i i , T 

Bid 
Asked 
16 
1? , 
16 l l 
4 4 
4 ’ x 

14 
18 • 
IV x 

16 x 
74 

IU X l l l l i 
IIG 
18 « tv 

Over the 
Counter 

Q uotations fro m the* MASO cire re p re te n ta tiv e in te r d ecile* Mr i t es tv * of ap p ro x im a te ly J p in 
In fe r tje q te r mq»fc-et*> cha'lye th ro u g h o u t the <tgy Mr ices do not fnUofh* feta** m u rk up m g r ti ckmm or to m rn lesion 
M a rc h l l. 197? 

Alam o S avings 
Amor f d r * 
A m itiest 
A mer Sec L it 
B e la r Co. Bk 
( afetal ta% I «*< 
Comm Mr up 
Cullen 
O atopoint 
D orc tit ite r C av n I My va I. ie i 
^ arest Oh 
I rank f t Sam Bk Shat e f »ost Bk 
Gulf I n e rg , 
Handy D an 
H em v s M f Her r »fly I lek! N il 
Mere af T * C om m 
Mere of I * Mf ti 
A 'err hants 
HBC at I e . 
O lym pia B r # * 
Mi > i in va la 
P laty 
Mopy 
Shop c a m in 
Shop MtiJ 

S ill a i I 4s» Sty f * s u i » 
Teays In tl A ir 
I m p t'fp i y 
I ran spurt I if 
W eatherford In tl 

< h n a l i u 
I 
, i \ a b l o c k 

O M A H A ,Nt-ir tref3) I U S D * I 
Livestock q iio 'ah o n 
F .Id a . 
M'kj- i ® o, barre * s and g ilts steady it; 
25 lo w e r instance**. 
5o ujw n. 
Ij*t- 
- May sates tit m a *! fie fey# ti#yie vfe»#dy m I . ad I 2 TIO 23o lbs 3 8 ® 
I I 2oo 2$( bs t7 25 i i 75 vows -le a d y 'o 25 h igtixr advance on 5 ® AOI) IP 
32S 6oo lbs 34 ® ti ?S 
C ath.' and ca lves 
1,5® m a jo rity c l 
UPP' y let-tjc-r - a ttle for a u rh o n few scat. le i eel safe*, to w , steady u tility and corn 
" i c ai o w 26 5o I t ® som e 29 OO can ners and c u tte rs 22 ® 26 SO 
Steep 
None i s h m a tn d re ce ip ts M onday f a ille and ca lves 
5 SOO hogs 
SO® sheep 6 ® 

11 . l l X 
I • . 
17’ . 
IO 

76 
AA 4 bl X 
IV 
46 , 
18 , 

I J 
• J X 
7 bt 

J U 

I i X 
IE 
U G l l , 

JO 4 
KEG 
6 „ 
A 

H i t 

Option 
Alcoa 
Alcoa 
A m Tnt 
Am Tel 
Att R 
A ll R 
Att R 
Avon 
Avon 
Avon 
Bank Am 
B a n k A m 
Beth S 
B eth S 
B eth S 
B ru n s 
B ru ns 
Bur; N 
B uri N 
B url N 
B urrqh 
B urrgh 
B u rrq h 
B urrqh 
B u rrg h 
C iticp f . tir p 
Delta 
Delta 
Delta 
D iq Eq 
D ig Eq 
Dig Eq 
D ig Eg 
Diq Eq 
D ig Eq 
Diq Eg 
Disney 
Disney 
Disney 
D isney 
Disney 
D isney 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch 
Dow Ch do Pot du Pnt du Pnt 
Eas Kd f as Kd 
Eas Rd 
F as K d 
Exxon 
Fxxon 
Exxon 
Exxon 
I 
N M t 
N M 
Fluor t luor 
Ford t Ord 
Gen El 
Gen E l 
G M 
G M 
G M 
GI Ws! 
O' WSI 
GI Wst 
GII Wn 
GII Wn 
H .ilbtn 
H albtn 
H a lb tn 
Mom stk 
Hom stk 
Mom stk 
H om stk 
Horn st k 
Huu OM 
HOU O M 
HOU OM 
HOU O M 
HOU OM 
HOU O M 
I N A 
I N A 
I N A 
I fi M 
I B M 
In Har 
In Har 
In Hor lr M in in M rn 
In Mm 
In Pap 
In Pap 
I T T 
I T T 
I T T 
John J 
John J 
Kerin C k enn C 
Kenn C 
X err M 
K err M 
K re*,go 
Kresge 
K resqe k re sq e 
I oews 
Loews 
L oews 
Loews 
Mc Don 
M r Don 
Mc Don 
Mere k 
M i re k 
M e rc i 
M ix t iI 
M M M 
M M M 
Mon san 
Monsan 
Mein san ti r r 
N C R 
N C R 
Nw A ir 
Nw A ir 
Penn/ 
Penn / 
Pepsi 
Pepsi f-olar 
Polar 
Polar 
Polar 
R C A 
R f A 
R C A 
Sears 
Sr a rs 
Spar r y 
S perr v 
S perr y 
S y n te > 
S yntax 
T a n d / 
T andv 
T andv 
T (‘Idyll 
Tetdyn te ld y n 
T eldyn 
T eldvn 
T iBdyn 
I esoro 
Tesoro 
I e soro 
Tex In 
Tex to 
Tex In 
I i x In 
Up I Oh 11 
UpiO hn 
IM verb 
Weyerh 
Xerox 
X , r , , 
Xerox 

Fr id a y . M a r 
18 p rice 
SO 
6o to 
65 
45 
5o 
AO 
4o 
45 
5o 

Apr 

3 '. 

Jut 
9 G 
27* 
I G 

O d Close 
IO 
58'4 

BG 

8G 
33x 

 b 
5G 
13 16 
8' I 
4G 
19 16 
1*8 a 
I 16 
3* 
3G 
4 a 
5 16 15 I A H ! 16 
I 16 b b 
15 
17 16115 16 25 16 
2o I 16 
5 
16 
9 16 

25 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 

3G 
4' , 
IG b 
AG 
D x b 
5'x 
2' x 
3 l l 16 

I 16 

4o 
45 
3G 
5o 
'; 
6o b 
7o 17 16 
8o a 
VO 
IOO 
JO 
15 
3o 
35 
4o 
4o 
45 
46'* 
SO 
S33* 
SAG 
6o 
35 
38G 
4o 
43 G 
45 
5o 
35 
IO 
45 
17o 
13o 
14o 

I 16 b 
J 
I 16 13 16 
I 16 
G b 
2G 

8' 
4*B 
S '4 b b 
1o’ x a 
3 G 
5 G 
G 115 16 
' e 
*» b b 
19 16 25 16 

5 16 a 
I 16 

3G 

7G 
3G 
2G 

BG 
5 3* b 
I'* 2 IS 16 l l 16 b 

5Jx 
1**211 16 
'• 
7G 
I 16 15 16 a 
9 16 
I 16 
3 16 
4G 
5 
G i l l 16 
I 16 

A1 i b 
33» b 
IG b 

U G 
5G 
9 16 

15G 
8 ’ v 
3G 

7 'x 
I 
ISG 
IO g 134 
5G 134 

58' x 
62G 
62* i 
S3' . 
53' 
53' . 
4 8 'i 
48*1 
48'. 
7 6 '. 
26'. 
37J. 
37G 
37 iv 
IA U 
IA H 
4 8 'i 
48’ . 
48’ . 
AB’. 
68 ‘ 
6 8 3 • 
6 8 '. 
6 8 3. 
29'. 
29'. 
J I 3. 
31*. 
31' 
46G 
46* x 
46'. 
46' 
46'. 
46' 
46'. 
ISG 
38'. 
38’ . 
3 8 '. 
38'. 
3 8 '. 
39'» 
39'. 
39'. 
134 

IO 29 16 
5 
AH 
7o*. 
8o 
' n 
IG 
7' 7 
TON 
9o a 
( j l l 16 
7o' 
I® 
I 16 b b 
/OS­ 
45 
AG 
7 b 
S I', 
SO 
7 
7G 
3' J 
SIN 
55 
I 16 
9 16 
IG 
SP, to a 
'n a 
SIN 
15 
I ' n IS 16 
IG 
16’ . 
2o a 
' s 
3 16 
16', 
35 
I* a 
2G 
3 
35'. 
4o 
'» 
). 
15 16 
35N so 
BG 
9 'n 
IC A 
SSN 
® 13 16 
7 
3G 
58N 
SO 
IG 
3G 
4 'x 
51 
SS 
’ n 13 16 
IG 
SI 
AO 
17'x b b 
77 I 
7o 
3 
4 'n 
5' 7 
77 N 
8o 
I 16 
' y 15 16 
77'* 
I i 
8 
8 b 
73 
2o 
3 
3 G a 
23 
75 
’ n 
I , 
1*4 
23 
15 
7 16 
I 
IG 
ISG 
7o 
I 16 
' n 
H 
15' i so 
8G a a 
58', 
® 
*4 
?G 
IG 
SSG 
7o a 
5 16 15 16 
58', 
75 
17' y b b 
42'■ 
3o 
ITG 
I7G b 
42' 
35 
8G 
SH 
42' 
JO 
7G 
4G 
5G 
42' 
45 b 
I ’ *2 l l 16 
4?’ . 
3o 
14’ j 
15G b 
44 
35 
9*4 
I I G b 
44' 
4o 
SU 
7 'n b 
44 
45 
7 
4' 7 
6 
44' 
SO 
7 16 
J U 
3G 
44' 
AO 
I 16 
9 16 
IG 
44' 
4o 
V 7 
3 a 
4? 
45 
’ « 
G a t i 
SO ti 
' x b t i 
2® 
24G 
28'4 
33 'n 283' 
78o 
A 1 x 
ISG 
ISG 
283 
75 
9’ A 
9 ’ 4 b 
34". 
3o 
4G 
4G 
5 
34', 
35 
7 16 
IG 
IG 
34' ( 
35 
IU a 
8' 7 
43' 
4o 
JU 
4G 
4G 
43' is b 
IG 
I ’ » 
43 
SO 
9 ' i 
IO U a 
59 3, 
AO 
IG 
?G 
3G 
59 
75 
8 b b 
32’ , 
3o 
3' A 
3 G 
4'A 
37’ , 
I i 
' • 
) , 
IG 
3?’ , 
7o 
?G 
4 U 
SG 
7 l h 
HO a 
H 
I G 
713. 
25 
3G 
4' I 
5 ' 4 
28'. 
3o 
11 
V 
73 16 
TS3. 
35 
I 16 
S 16 
3 4 
2 8 ', 
7o 
3 x 
? U 
3' 7 
A?'. 
HO a tx 
G 
67'. 
3o b 
4' I 
S '* 
33' 
35 
G 
I / 75 16 
33’ 
4o 
I 16 
3, 
13 16 
33' . 
45 
I 16 
3 A b 
33' . 
75 
9' 4 a b 
33’ 
3o 
3G 
4U a 
33' t i 
9 16 
Dx 
7G 
33' 
4o a 
(x 
’ X 
34' so 
' X I ) 16113 16 
44’ I 
AO 
I 16 
'* b 
44’ I 
45 13 16 tO 
G to 
IO 
75 
5o 
3G 
6o 
G 
7o 
IO 
HU 17 16 
9o 
I 16 

IG 
IG 

I 16 
13 16113 16 
G 
9 16 
4 ’ * 
SG 
' • 
TG 
IP 7 
4V* 
! '« 

IO’ » 
3G 

IO 
7 
?' 7 to 
35 
2G 
3G 
4'4 
IO 
14 l l 16 
I 3. 
75 
* j 
I i IA 
2 
TO a 
G l l 16 
3o 
7 G 
3'n 
4’ y 
35 
I 16 
G I I I 16 
7o 
3G 
5 '* 
7 
8o 
>* 
1*4 
7 
3o 
4’ x 
5 G 
7 '* 
35 l l 16211 16 
3G 
4o 
3 * 
G I I I 16 
45 
I 16 b b 
TO 
9’ / 
9’ i b 
75 i 'n 
5 
S G 
3o t ; 
I? 16 
2 
M 
3 
4'» 
5G 
7o 
I 16 
9 16 
I 1 ; 
35 
4 ’ J 
5G 
AG 
4o 
13 16115 16211 16 
45 
I 16 
7 16 b 
7o 
5 16 
I t 16111 16 
75 
I 16 
5 16 
G 
35 
4 * * 
SG 
IO l l 16 73 16 
45 a 
H 
I' i b 
IG i i 
7G 
SG 
AO 
68 
7o 
IO 
IS 
2o 
HO 
VO 
I® 
I IO 
35 
4o to 
45 

 b 
19 16 l l 16 

IG 
I 16 
I 16 
5 16 
IG 
2G 
IG 
I 16 l l 16 IS 16 
I 
77 16 
J11 
I 16 
G 
D x 
5o l l 16 to 
I 16 
7o 
I 16 

4 'x 
I 16 13 16 

44'. 
58'. 
58' 
19b 
19 *1 
53' 
S33. 
79 
79*i 
79' 
36’ . 
36’ . 
16’ . 
24 
74 
32' 
32'. t i ' 
72 3- 
34' 
343. 
34' 
34*. 
79’ 
TV 
79' 
67'- 
67' 
39 
39 
39 
U ' 
18*. 
39 
39 
39 to to to to 
AO to 
U h 
14 ' 
U h 
HA 
BA' 
86 
8 6 ' 
36 

 i T 
4o 
49 
49 b 
49 

A G 
3»» 
IG 
IO '* 
9 '. 
7 G 
A1 x 
3 
2G b l l 16 
3 16 
12’ r 
A' > 
IG 

A E P 
M ay 
TO 
IG 
Aug 
3’ » 
Nov 
JG 
73’ 
A E P 
IS 
' a 
3 16 
? 16 
71’ 
Am MOS 
IS a a 
4’ / l l ' 
Am H o i 
IO 
I x 
IG a l l 1 
A M P 
. is 
7 '* 
I ' > a 
76 
A M P 
IO 
16 
H a 
26 
B ally 
7o 
I G 
9 i io u 
19 
B ally is 
4G 
5G 
I 
79 
Bally 
JO 
IG 
3 
3 ’ x 
TV 
Mantee 
® a a 
A x 
34' 
Ba «ter is a 
?' 4 a 
34 
Bunter to a 
9 16 
IG 
44 
Blk Dk 
IS 
J a a 
16’ 
Blk Ok 
TO 
' • 
1 y I i 16 
16’ 
Boeing 
I i 
9' y a b 
44 
Boeing 
IO 
4*4 
S’ * 
AG 
44 
BO",nu 
I i l l 16 23 16 
3 
44 
Bois f 
75 
«' a a a 
37 
Bois C 
IO 
JU 
4 
4 / 
13 
B e s ( 
J i 
I J 16 
D x 
33 
C B S 
® I 5 16 
2 
3 
58 
Coke 
7o 
RU 
9 y 
IOU 
’ 8 
G ike 
HO 
1*4 
IG 
4 
78 
Colgal 
75 
I x 13 16 
I G 
74' 
Coigat 
IO 
I IA a 
J, 
24 c m w f (J to 
1 y a 
G 
3o 
C D al., 
JO 
3G 
4 
4 to i i 
C Data is 
’ 16 
I 
19 16 i v 
On Dye i i 
13 4 b to si 
(xii Dyn 
SO 
RU a a s n 
On Dyn to 
IG 
JU 
4*4 s n 
Gen f d 
JOH) 16 
V 4 a i i ' 
Gen f d i i 
3 16 
1 , a 
J I ' 
Mew I et 
IO 
I ' * 
9 . l r * 
76 
H ew tel 
8o 
I '* 
4 • 
IG 
I i 
Mew I et 
VO 
, x 
I'X b l f 
Hew I et 
I® 
I 16 
G to 
I t 
M Inns 
IO 
V t 
JG 
3G 
17 
H Inns 
I i 
1 X 
9 16 
17 
Fton wt I 
IO 
9G a b 
49 
Mon w it 
45 
4 *4 
SH 
AG 
4V 
Mon w it so 
I'a J IJ 16 
3 H 
49 
In f ly 
7o 
IG 
Dx 
7 
TO' 
In f Iv 
IS 
’ X 
5 16 
‘ i 
2o 
I M an / 
IO 
J * 
3 'n 
4 
37' 
J M any 
35 
’ i l l 16 
I 1 I 
32 
MGIC 
I i ll 16 
29 16 
I i ’ 
MGIC 
2o 
J 16 
G 
IS ’ 
Molto i i 
U G to b 
AV 
M et") 
A(J 
9 ' t 
9' I a 
AH’ 
M obil 
Ai 
4 G 
S' , 
A x 
AV 
Mob, I 
IO 
I' , 
7H 
J' I 
AV 
N S te ,' 
I i 
4 G 
5 4 
SG 
IV 
N '.em , 
2o 
IG 
JI IA 
7G 
IV 
N Semi 
25 
3 16 
!, 
IG 
IV 
N 'e m . 
IO 
I 16 
3 16 b 
IV 
N Sen,, 
15 
I 16 b b 
IV 
O d 
I i l l '4 
U G b 
72 
O ic i 
IO 
7 
I' 4 
7 . i t 
Oe c , is V 16 
J' X 
3 'x i f 
Rd ytt>>> 
AO 
I 16 a a st 
R ylllch, 
® 
7'x a 
8 t i 
R ynlds 
IO 
I x 
I* / 
7 u t i 
M u "’!m to 
J «, 
4' y 
5G ti 
Slum p 
AAU 
* x 
I G to t i ik y im 
I i 
I 
IG 
I 
IS' 
Sk v im 
2o 
I 16 
5 16 
9 16 
IS 
Soutbn 
IO 
A'x a a 
16' 
South,, 
I i 
I ' . 
Dx 
IU 
16 
St Ind 
55 
' X 
D x a 
53 
Si In,) 
® a a 
’ n i i 
I . O d 
75 
5-4 a t. 
JI 
I» O d 
IO 
I 'x 
I r 
J 
JI tx O d i5 
I <6 b ti 
JI 
U A L 
2o 
I '* 
J XHS 16 
TO- 
U A L 
25 
3 16 
V 16 l l 16 
?9 ' 
U A L 
JO a 
* X b 
/O' 
IJ Tech 
3o 
6*4 a b 
36’ 
U Tech 
35 
7' < 
3 ‘ x 
4G 
)6 
U Tech 
4o 
7 16 116 
Dx to’ . 
J W ait 
IO s u b b 
34’ 
J W alt 
35 
IG 
J? 16 
JU 
34* 
) Waft to a tx 
IG 
34 < 
W urn 
TO 
SU a a 
75 
W lim y 
25 l l 16 
I 'x 
JI 16 
25 
Total volum e 71.418 
Open in te re s t I,RA) o4' a Not tra de d L No option o tte re d 

Cotton 

C o tto " NO 
I tu 
New 
Y ork 
Cotton 
NE W Y U R K tores F rid a y 
F xchange 
O pen 
H ig h lo w C lake 
COTTON No 2 ( 5o o® lbs) to ii! 
St 75 
BO IS 
81 48 
76 ut 
71 Vt) 

.1 
- 
I 

Treasury Bonds 

NEW Y O R K (A P I 
O ver the L oa n.cr 
U S G overnm ent T re a sury bonds w eekly h ig h . low and closing asked p rice s the net .bange fro m the p revious week s closing asked p ric e and yield 
Rate M a tu rity High L ow 
L astC h g Y ie ld 
AG M a r tin IOO 4 IOO 2 IOO 2 - 
7G A p r 77n IOO I t IOO 1o1oo IO - 
A G M a y 77n IOO 121oo 111oo I t - 
9 
M a y 7711 1oo 731® 271oo 77 
6 G M a y ti n 1oo.141oo 131oo 13 
6' , Jon 77n IOO 191 OO 171oo 19 * 
? 
7’ . J u l 77n 
1o1 7 1o1 
TOTI — 
I 
7 'x A u g 77n 
IQI 91o1 7 1o1 7 — I 
B G A u g 77n 1o1 171o1 151o! 1 6 * I 
8 3*Sep 
77n 
1o1 261o! 251o1 25 
7' ? O rt 
77n 
1o1 771o1 151o1 15 
7GNOV ?7n 
1o1 221o1 7o1o1 21 
6 GNOV 
77n 
1o1 
1oo 311oo 31 -1 
7’ 4 Dec fin 1o1 171o1 161o1 16 
AG Jan 78n IOO 281oo 261oo 27 - 
I 
AG Feb 78n IOO 761oo 231oo 74 - . 1 k 8 
Fed 
78n 
1o2 131o2 HIO? 12 
I 
6 G M a r 78n 1o1 1o1o1 8 1o1 IO 
6 ’ .A p r 
78n 
1o1 7 1o1 
1o1 I 
7 'x M a y 'Sn 
IO! 231o1 711o1 23 
7G M a y 78n 
1o3 171Q7 151o3 17 * I 
7’ k M a y 'Sn 
IO! 241o1 711o! 74 
A ’n Jon 7 Sn 1o1 161o1 131o! 16 
AG J u l 78n to I 171o1 U IO! 16 
7G A u q 78n 
1o7 171o7 141o2 17 
8 G Aug 78n 1o1 11o3 3o1o3 3! - 
A G A ug 78n 1o1 61o1 4 1orT A • 
AG Sep 78n IOO 211oo 191oo 2! * 
S G O ct 78n IOO 7 
99 31 IOO 2 
* 
6 
NOV 78n IOO 61oo 3 IOO A v 
5GNOV 78n 99 25 99 2? 99 25 * 
S' j Dec 78n 
98 77 98 74 98 27 . 
8 -Dec 
78n IOT 2o1o3 171o3 2o 
5’ * Jan 79n IOO 73 99 25 99 77 * 
I f eh 79n 
1o1 261o! 221o1 26 
5 G F eb 79n 
99 74 99 2! 99 24 
7G M a y 79n 1o4 
1o3 161o3 7o 
7G Ju n 79n 1o3 151o3 11 1o3 14 - 
A' .A u g 79n IOO 81oo 2 IOO 6 - 
A’ *A u g 79n 1o1 171o1 131o1 17 ♦ 
8 ’ .Sap 79n 1o5 8 1o5 4 IQS 8 
. 
A1 d Nov 79n too 
99 28 IOO 
* 
A G N ov 79n 
IOO 26IOO 221oo 25 * 
7 
NOV 79n 
IO! 731o1 2o1o1 23 * 
I ' .Dec 79n 1o3 I 1o2 281o3 I 
• 
4 
F eb 8o 
4 
14 94 
6 
94 
14 ♦ 
6 ' Fen 8® IOO 
121oo 
6 
IOO 
17 • 
I ' . M a r 8on 1o3 4 1o3 
1o3 4 
* 
6 G M a v 8on 1o1 m o i 7 IOT l l * 
7G Ju n 8on 1o3 1o1o3 5 1o3 IO * 
9 
A uq son 
1o7 171o7 81o7 IO 
AGSep Ron 1o1 
IOO 761oo 31 - 
3> ;N o v 8o 
91 
12 91 
2 
91 
17 c 
SGDec 8On 
97 
16 97 l l 
97 
1 6 - 
7 
F eh 81n IO ! 
6 1o1 
7 
1o1 
6 
* 
7 G t ob D in 1o2 1o1o2 6 1o7 
IO ♦ 
I 
A G M a r 81n TOO 181oo 111oo 
17 k I 
7 G M a y 6 ln 1o2 111o2 5 1o2 l l * 
3 
7 
A uq 81 
IO? 21o1 741o2 7 
• 7 
7 '»A u g B in 1o3 11o7 281o3 
I 
* 
3 
7 
NOV S in 
IOO 241oo 191oo 23 
7GNOV Sin 1o3 231o3 161o3 21 
I 
6 »f cb 
8?n 
97 2 
96 28 97 
A G I "b 8? 
98 74 98 IO 98 76 » 
4 
8 
M av82n 1o4 721o4 181o4 22 * 
8 ' a A uq R?n 1o5 61o4 3o1o5 6 
• 
7 G N o v B?n 
1o4 61o4 
1o4 4 
. 
8 
Feb 83n lo t 241o4 191o4 74 - 
IG JU" 
78 8 ! 
8 ) 6 
82 24 83 6 • 
7 
Nov B3n 99 27 99 18 99 27 - 
7' .f e t) 8.tn IOO 241oo 161oo 19 
A G A u g 84 
97 6 
78 IO 97 A 
3'..M ay 
85 
78 
IO 78 7 
78 IO . 
IG V .IV 
75 8 5 84 
4 83 28 8 4 4 . 
7G M ayR 6n 1o3 131o3 J 1o3 9 * 
8 
Aug 86n 1o4 61o3 3o1o1 7 - 
A' *N o v 86 
96 A 
96 2 
96 4 - 
3' d eb 9o 
73 4 
72 78 73 4 - 
8'..M ay 
9o 
1o6 121o6 I 1o6 17 * 
43 x Aug 87 97 75 4 
74 24 75 4 
* 
4 
I ab RH 93 73 3o 73 78 73 3o • 
AGF eb 93 
VA 27 96 I? 96 7o . 
7’ .Aug 
88 93 IM 261® B l® 26* 
I G M a y 
89 9 4 7 3 2o 7 3 2 
73 2o ♦ 
3 f ab 95 
72 U 71 8 
72 14 
7 
May 93 98 
98 8 
97 3o 98 8 
. 
3' .NOV 98 
72 8 
72 
7? 8 - 
BGM ay 94 99 
1o7 1o1o7 
1o7 1o* 
7 G F eti95 oo1o1 741o1 U 1 o ! 23 1 
«G A u g9 5 oo1o6 121o6 HOA 12 ♦ 
8 
A ug96 O1 1o2 31 1o2 771o7 31 r 
8G M ay ® o5 1o5 141o5 6 1o5 U * 
7GFet>o7 o7 98 26 98 16 98 24 • n - T re a su ry Notes 
P rices quoted in d o lla rs ad e<onds 
Subject to f e deral taxes but not to 
State incom e ta ie*. 
Foreign Exchange 
F o re ig n E re h an g* 

4 8 
4 34 
4 4( 
4 23 
4 5; 
4 49 
4 St 
4 64 
4 7- 
4 9o 

M S 
5 19 
5 21 s o t 
5 39 
5 38 
5 47 
5 53 
5 57 
5 5F 
5 59 
5 t i 
5 7! 
5 73 
5 77 
5 I t 
5 SC 
5 Si 
5 88 
5 89 
5 94 
5 9 J 
5 97 
5 98 
6 OI 
6 o- 
6 It 
6 16 
A IR 
6 17 
6 25 
6 3o 
6 79 
4 
6 79 
6 
A 17 
3 
6 36 
4 
6 35 
7 
6 4o 
2 
6 49 
6 St 
I 
6 56 
IO 6 18 
I 
6 63 
4 
6 Ai 
I 
6 69 
I 
6 77 
3 
6 72 
7 
6 45 
3 
6 8? 
6 81 
6 8! 
6 SA 
6 66 
6 91 
6 95 
6 98 
7 OI 
A 58 
I Ot 
I l l 
6 87 
■I 
6 7‘ 
12 6 82 
1 
7 37 
2 
7 3V 
2 
6 Af 
8 
A A3 
IO 7 t i 
A 
A 89 
I 
A AS 
8 
7 11 
18 7 41 
18 A 74 
8 
5 42 
.17 7 16 
T? 5 76 
IO I l l 
9 
7 AS 
A 
7 l l 
1 
I I f 
2 
7 74 
8 
7 72 

 th irty 

The Market In Brief 

M f S to rk h c l u m 
Issues 

UP 
VOlUME 

73 MS 37o 

SMIRES 

/fossil 

ISSUES 

TRADED 

NYSE 
M i l 
U S 
>oo1 i 1 1 
UNM 
!(n u - o22 

D o * tones In k 
S I O ? > 3 1 7 

A m e x 

O p tio n s 

F rid a y , M a r is 
O ption & p ric e 
Ap 
Aetna 
Aetna 
Aetna 
Am Ck a 
A m C va 
Am Horn 

IG 
I 1A 
?' • 
I 16 

Jut b 
T i 

. l f h « V ? ^ ‘ A P I 
‘’ "'S b u rg h scrap 
-te a l No I heavy was quoted F n o a v bv iro n A q - a t $ 7 7 ® 7 3 ® oay bv 

N E W Y O R * 
'A h i prices (Wholesale) 

M e t a l s 

M um m u m ,lb. N Y 
S ntlm any. A m e rica n 

- spot com m odity 
Prev Yea. 
Today Day 
Ago 
48 
48 l l 

I 78 
I 78 
I 6o ripper. E le c tro ly tic 
71'* 
7 1'. 
BJI, 
•Old. troy o 1 N Y 15o o5 
U8 9o l l ) 85 iilv e r . troy Of 
N Y 
4 91o 
I 895 
4 17' 
31 
31 
71 pad. lb 
'la Iro n. I q b fd ry 
B uffa lo , G rsstn? lo 19 
’ la tin urn,try /N Y 167 ® guic k s lv rF Is* N Y 17t ® 
.leat scrap qross ton 
* P h ila Ch. P itts l l 83 fin , lb N Y 
5 3636 
•m c . lb 
S IL V E R I 5.MO troy oil 

21o 19 
162 ® 
174 ® 

7? BJ 
5 4173 

213 92 
155 OO 
128 OO 

86 17 
3 53® 
37 

- 
497 ® 485 Kl 
491 ® 
495 ® 488 SO 494 OO 487 ® 
491 ® 
196 5o 493 ® 496 5o 489 ® 
196 5o 
5® 5o 494 ® 5® 5o 493 ® 
SO? ® 
So6 OO 499 ® 5o5 SO 497 5( 
So6 5o 
51o 5o 5o4 oo SIO SO 5o3 ® 
512 W i i i SO 51o ® SIS 5o 5o7 SO 
SIR ® 
521 W i i i SO 521 W 513 OO 
-2? 3o 
526 oo 52o ® 526 ® SIS IO 
Sit 5o 
SJI ® 5?5 SO SJI ® 573 3o 
5 )4 ® 
536 ® 531 5o 536 ® 528 SC 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) 
New Y ork prices 
F*n currency in dollars 
Frt 
Thu 

M a r 
Apr 
M ay 
J un 
A uq 
O d 
Der 
1 .Ti 
Apr tun 
Aug 

N E W YORK (A P ) - i i i vee futu re s f r 1 day on th. 
New Y ork C om m odity Ex 
< h a n g * 
Open 
H igh lo w Close 
P rev 
N Y SII v ! R '5 OOO tro y OI I 
M ar 
492 OO 
193 2o 4 ® 9o 
491 7® 
489 41 
M a y 
495 OO 
IVA OO 
19? OO 
494 8os 4 9 ? 7C 
Jill 
IVV ® 
S O I® 497 3o 
499 8os 497 7( 

^o4 SO 
SOS 7o 
5o? OO 
SOI 8os 5o2 6o 
Dec 
512 o5 
S U ® 5 1o ® 
512 5*. SIO K 
1 an 
515 oo i i i OO 
512 3o i l l 8os SI? sr 
M a r STO 5o 
52o 5o 
517 5o 
SIV 8® 517 St 
M ax 
574 7o 
574 7o 
524 oo 
524 9os 577 SC 
Jut 
S3o® 
S IO ® 528 5o 
579 HOS 527 41 
Sali-s e s tim a te d 
S.A® s settling 

LONDO N 
A l’ ) 
- 
Closing m e tals rn pDut’ds vier tin g per m e tric ton 

De. 
Mar 
Ma , 

 to OS 
*6 o5 
71 25 
71 5V 

 ti J ® 
76 OO 
71 IO 
71 59 

St OO 
81 48 
I t 65 
71 9o l l IO b77 f i n i l SO 

19 6‘ 
79 ti 
IS 6* 
7o 9<l 
71 IO 
71 V i \ so 

A rgentina 
AuStr a lia 
A ustria 
Betg n m 
B ra b! 
B rita in 
3oda vtu I 
DOI y tu I 
Wdn / tut 
Canada 
Chile 
< otom bia 
Deem ark r qypt 
E t uador f ranee 
Greece 
Holland 
H o ng ko ng 

® 3 to 5 M3IoS 
I IM S I IMS 
o5VO 
o589 
o773 
o773 
o77o 
o77o 
I 7177 I 7188 
I 7o9? I 71o ) 

Dollar in tgn currencs 
Fn 
Tho 
372 rn 372 ® 
9o86 
WHA 
16 93 
16 95 
16 68 
36 6-t 
I? 98 
I? 98 
5871 
5818 
585o 
584A 

 r opp.' 
Tin 
I end 
T in ' 

Bid vc 2 on 
6o85 ® 
423 SO 
472 ® 

Spot 
Asked 
9o3 OO tots ® 
424 ® 
173 ® 

Futures 
B id 
Asked 
91) ® 
624S V t it SO i l l Of 

91o SO 
ATIS ® 
4 )4 ® 
436 OO 

I 6 9 9 ) I 7o)8 
5884 
5876 
I 69o? I 6937 
59)6 
59o) 
9491 
951o 
I o536 I M IS 
o567 
o56? 
17 77 
17 l l 
o785 
o285 
35 OH 
35 ® 
17o7 
17o6 
5 858o 
5 8591 
156 
1 56 
MIO AHO 
O f® 
o4® 
75 M 
25 OC 
WO7 
MO 7 
4 981o 4 9815 
o775 
o2/5 
36 36 36 JA 
1oo8 
4®5 
2 1945 2 4965 
2161 
TIAO 
4 627o 2 619o 
o14® O U ® 
71 IO 
71 IO 
1o95 
1o95 9 1279 9 177V 
OOI ITH MUTH 886 18) 886 8o 
oo3561 ®3551 28o IS 281 At 
J IM 
J )® J O I® 3 o3® 
3464 
3464 7 887o 2 887C 
3289 
3289 I o4® 3 Ca® 
o443 
o443 
22 SS 22 Si 
19o4 
19o 3 5 25® S 2545 
o135 
o135 
71 i i 71 53 
USI 
USI 7 4o19 7 4o19 
o759 
o258 
)H 6o 
)8 65 
2829 
7829 J 5347 J 5347 
I 1525 I 1525 
8676 
8677 
OMS 
oU 5 
68 65 
68 65 
2374 
2377 4 71 IO 4 ? U - 
192o 
39o1 2 547o 2 55 IO 
JVI I 
3975 7 5438 I 5477 
39 17 
39 ) 3 2 54® 2 5425 
39 4 3 
19 4o 2 5361 7 538C 
2381 
2381 4 1999 4 1999 
2328 
2328 4 2955 4 2955 
4184 
4184 J 189o ? 39® 
4186 
4187 J m i I 388V 
4187 
4188 ? M i l I 3883 
419o 
4191 2 38® 7 3862 
B-mk of A m e ric a New Y ork 

B u t t e r u n d 
F g g 
* 

C H IC A G O IA P ) - 
I (JSDA I 
B uttpr steady w holesale b uyin g prices F rid a y un. l anded 
9) score A A VO 8 / 91 75 
9? A 
4) 82 
VO B unquoted 
Egg cautious sale-, d e live re d store dom ca rton s unchanged 
A e x tra la rg e st t i A large as 7o A m e d ium s Si 6o 

Israel 
Ita ly 
Japan lo rd -hi 
K uw ait 
Lebanon 
Me xic o 
N orw ay 
Peru 
P hilip pin e s 
P ortugal 
Saudi A ra b 
5(1 
A ir ira 
Spam 
Swed i m s w t/e ria n d 
HBny tut 
Meta vt u t vOrla ytut 
U ruguay 
V enezuela 
W G cr rn an y 
DOdayfut 
M ila /In I 
9(It.. /tu t 
Score e 

M ire is the gold futu re s tra ding tor f ri day M arch lh 1977 
Open 
H igh LowClose 
P ry 
Chicago M e rc a n tile E xchange 
I® Troy ounce contracts 
M a- 
I i i 4o ISI 4o ISO SO I i i 4o ISO St on is ; 6o 153 ® ISI to ii? ap 1S7 ® 
‘je t 
ISS TO ISS 3o 154 IO 154 8o 154 ® 
Dix 
ISH OO 158 TO ISO TO 15 7 4o 1 54 4o 
M ar bsf) AO I® 6o )S9 IO I® JO 159 4C tu " 
16? 4o 16? m IAI TO IJJ so IAI 9o 
'ales 
M a rc h I t 
J in n 24 48 
Sep S4o 
Dix 
BO 
M a rc h si. Jun 2o 

N ew Y ork C o m m o d ity E x change 
IOO troy ounce contracts 
M ar n o ® ISO AO ISOM ISO VK 149 7C 
A pr 
IS! 5o l i t 5o 15o ® I i i OO-, ISO 2o 
Jon 
' J I ® '5 3 ® ISI 6o IS? All, ISI ® 
Aug 
IS I SO 
154 SO IS I 4o 154 7os I i i HO 
O ' ’ 
ISA 6o 
ISA 6o ISS 1o ISS HO, 153 4(1 
D ix 
ISH OO 
158 rn ISO 5o 157 5® I i i ® f ei 
159 JO 
159 7o 158 7o 159 TO, ISH 7C 
Apr tat TC 
161 3o I® JO loo 9o- I® IO ti" 
16? SO 
167 AO IAI BO 162 7® 161 VC 
SrtKst»rn«*fed 3,-WO s 
(lash (*rain 
TORT W O R TH (A P I 
W heat e xpo r. 
? 9) ) 42 
Y e llo w corn 
7 69 2 74 
O ats 
? OS 
J OIH Y ellow sorghum 4 34 4 49 
CHICAG O (A P I - W heat No 2 h a rd lect w ru e r 2 Aln fr id a y 
No 7 soft red 
?61n Corn No 2 yellow 2 52 'a i (hopper 
IX .n (pox ) Oats No 2 heavy t 8)n Soy tita n 
Ho I yellow t t O ' i n 
No ? ye llo w corn 
Thursday -ablet at 
I? Vt , (hopper I and was quoted at 2 48' in 
'hill 
* AN SAS C IT Y 
•day cri the 
I 
(A P ! 
. unsay 
G ra m fu tu re " 
• ‘*v 
B oard of 

W H EA T 15,MO bul 
Open 
H igh lo w C lo u ' 
P r e v 
2 a s g 
2 AS1 . 

7 IX 
J 
JOI 
2 TR 
Sep? RS 

?7 
? 79 
? 86 

! IO' 4 
I 77’ 
? 84 . 
? 18' 
? 86 
7 78 
2 86 

A m Horn 
Am Mom 
Asarco 
Asarco 
Beat f 
B e a t f 
B urrq h 
B urrg h 
B u r r q h 
B u rrg h 
Chase 
Chase 
Chase f Tel 
C T il 
Deere 
D eer e 
Dm Eg 
D ig Eg 
Dm E g 
D q Eg 
D m F q 
Dm Ea 
Disney 
D isney 
Disney 
Disney 
D snev 
D isney 
D isney 
D is n e y dn Pet do Pnt dn Pnt 
I st Ch 
' f st Ch f s i Ch 
C. TH 
G T il 
G o n e 
G 'lie t 
Good yr 
Goodyr 
G reyhd 
(G u ll O 
G un O 
H e rr ut 
Here ul 
H I c 
H f c 
L illy 
Lilly 
I illy 
M e rr it 
M c rr 'I 
M er r 11 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
M esa P 
AW)'ria 
M o th a p i i f i l l e r 
Phelps 
Phelps 
Rn Mor 
Rh M er 
P itney 
Proc Ct 
Pro, Ct 
Proc Ct 
R it. 
A 
R ite A 
S' Cai 
St Cal 
Si Cai 
T R W 
T R W 
T andv 
T andv 
T andy 
T andv 
Ti X KO 
Texa' 

U Carp 
II Caro 
U Carb ttJ S St 
U S S ! 
W *n I m 
Westng 
Westnq 

A M f 
A M f 
A M I 
A S A 

A S A 
A yr. et 
Avne! 
Bally 
B ally 
Bail y 
Catnep f a tren 
Con F d 
Dr Pep 
Dr P ip f i Pas t I Pas f leek* t Inefw 
G race 
G race 
La Pa­ ia Pac 
I . P a t 
MCjtC 
MGIC 
N D st 
N O'-.! 

N Sr rn i 
N S em i 
N o r' S 
Penney 
Penney 
Penney 
Phi 
P 
Ph.l p k e O '' 
Res OO 
R«* OO 
Senna 

Stet In 
Stt'Hci f anneo 
T ann e o 
T i Cinco 
? lief 
Tiger 
7... nth 
I 

75 
3o 
35 
75 
3o 
75 a 
3o 33 16 
35 
15 
7 
TO 23 16 
25 
'» 
15 16 
IO 
I 16 
* 
AO b 
7o 13 16 
8o a 

? 3» a 
7 16 l l 16 
6 
$' , b 
7G 
J ', 
I G 

2 

?*:6 
3 

IG 

9o 
75 
3o 
I i 
I i 
TO 
3o 
35 
4o 
45 
4 6 'x 
SO 
53 G to 
35 
38 G 
4o l l 1A 
433 x 
45 
48' ; 
SO 
'B G t?o 
13o 
Uo 
U G 
I i 
IO 
1o 
11 
75 
3o 
TO 
IS 
15 
75 
JO 
25 
JO 
15 

 l l 
IG 
13 16 

IG 19 16 
I 16 
G 
IG 
IG 

9 16 
I 16 b 
2G 
IG 

7G 
4 
IG 
5 16111 16 
I 16 l l 16 
I 16 
G 
3’ v 
5 
?G 
2 

I 16 
I 16 a 
I 16 
U G i 'x 

IG 

I 16 
IG 
I 16 
3 16 
5G 

 b 
16' x 
BG 
3 b 
I i 14 
3 16 l l 16 

D e l Clos. b 
J I ’ 
3G 
31' 
G 
31' i 
27 
77 
3P i 
JIG 
31'. 
27 
27 
25'. 
25'. 
68' 
68' 
6 8 ’ 
68 
3o»i 
3o' 
3o'i 
16 
16 
2 *’ 
79' 
46 
46' 
46 
46’ . 
46' 
46' 
38 i i ' . 
3#' l r . 
31'. b 
» ' b 
18' b 
I I G 
II G 134 
IO U 134 
5 * 134 

12' x 
SG 
I 'x 

3 16 

5 G b 
2>x b 
G 
SG b 
3G b 

 b 
IG 

I a 
3 16 a 
7' 
I 
5 16 
' I 
2G211 16 a 
’ i 
7 16 
'x 

G 
17 16 
TG 
. ’ i IG 111 
16 
3 ta a a 
5G a b 
7o l l 16 l l 14 
IG 
4o 
5 
S'» 
6’ r 
45 I i 16 23 16 a 
5o 
G 13 16113 14 
I 14 
G 
9 16 
'1 6 b b 
IG 
4G b 
5 16 
19 16 
I' .. 
'1 6 
7 16 IS 16 
SG 
?G 

 l l 16 
7G 

5 G a i i 16 

2o 
75 
1o 
JO 
35 
4o 
45 
SO 13 16 
75 
3' t 
IO 
' 
35 
TG 
IO 
4 
SO 
AO 
TO 
BO 
9o 
IOO 
IS 13 16 
2o 
35 
4 ', 
IO 
IG 77 16 
45 
'» 
' , 
35213 16 
3 G 
4o 
3 16 IS 
16 
IO 
VG b i i 
4 G 
SG 
4o 
G 25 16 
45 
7 5 2 1 5 I t 

19 16 

I 16 
TG 
2G 
J 16 b 
I *113 16 
7 16 
6 G 

9 16 
IG 

 b 

3o 
I 16 
SO a tO 19 I t to a 
3 G 

I 16 17 16 ?3 16 
G 13 16 IV 16 
2G 
IG 
3G 

45 
SO 
3o 
I i 
?o 
G 
7 16 l l 16 
M ay 
Aug 
Nov 
IS 
AG a b 
2o111 16 ? l 16 
I G 
25 
1o 
11 
2o 
25 
I i 
IO 
TO 
75 
IO 
5o i i 
TO 
1o t i 
15 
TO 
11 
TO 
75 
IO 
IO 
IS 
2o 

17 

7' t 
I 16 

 b 

4G 
5’ , 
I G 7U 16 
5G 
AG 

IG a 
13 16 
IO 
AG 
I 'x 

V > 
I G a 
?’ » 
7G715 16 
G 
9 16 
G 
I 
I 16 
TG 
' t l l 16 
G 
5 16 
4' i a 
5'4 
G t I? 16 a g b b 
'G U S 16 
?G 
T 16 
5 16 
9 16 
I i I? 16 21 16 
2' I 
TO 
3 16 
G 
25 l l 16 l'« 19 I * 
JO 
I 16 b b 
IS 
4 G 
SG 
5G 
2o l l 16115 16213 16 
I i 
TO 
4o 
45 
5o 
® 
IO 
IO 
IS 

I 16 
9 16 l l 16 
9 16 

7o 

2G 
5 16 b 
I G 
I' x 
1o ?l 16 25 16 
11 
I 16 
G 
IO 
15 
15 l l 
?o 
JO 

 b 
3 G 
TG 
7G 
I I i 
J 
IG 
9 16 13 TA a 
I ' . 

16 TI 16 
IG 
4o a 
14 b 
'o 
Dx 
IG 
IG 
I i a 
G 
, 
G 
■lh 
75U J 16 
? •, 
J ■ th 
IO 
S 16 t i 16 
I 
,i volum e 33 914 
Open m e re s t I o81 TOI 
No* tra de d b Nu o ptio n u tte re d 

15 
I i 
I S 
29'. 
? 9 'i 
24’ * 
26’ . 
21' 
IP 
U 
3o' 
3o' 
24' 
2P 
7o' 
2o'. 
45 
45 
45 
19'. 
19', 
19' 
33 
33 
33 
49 
49 c l’ 
T i' 
35 
35 
SS' 
5 5' 
19' 
83' 
83' 
83' 
15' 
I i ' . 
41 
41'. 
41'. 
37'. 
37 •, 
39 
39 
39 
39 
27 K 

27 
® ' . 
® ' . 
® ’ c 
48 h 
48 
7IG 
17' 
17' 

71 
21 
7! 
77 l l 
22 
72 
17' 
17' 
79 , 
79 . 
29 . 
54' 
54'. 
IV 
I? '. 
I I ’ . 
14’ . 
14’ . 
U h 
U h 
79 ' i 
79’ . t i ’ . 

T i» i 
IS ’ , l i ’i 
74 ’I 
24’ i 
19'* 
19" 
19'* 
’ I ” 
4 o '' 
4o 
4 o" 
59'. 
59'. 
17’. 
17). 
17), 
T IA 
I I L 
I l h l i b t*»4 
IS'. 
33“ 
33“ 
33“ l l ' . 
IIG 
24'. 
74'. 

Option 
Abb* L M a v 4 i 
A bb* I M a y SO 
Abb* I AUQ4S 
A bb' I 
AugiO 
Abb* I NOVIS 
A bb' I N o v ® 
Add I 
A pr 35 
Add C A p r® 
A d d C 
A p r 45 
Add C Apt SO 
A dd C J o lts 
Add f 
Jut IO 
A d d C 
JuUS 
Add C Jut SO 
A dd f o-145 
Add C 
O i tiO 
A d iSC A pr TO 
A llis f Apr 75 
AH f A p r IO 
A ll s r ju ilO 
A d,sr 
Jul?5 
A llis f JulJO 
AllisC O f ITO 
Ad.SC O f 125 
A d .sC Ch I IO 
A H. s. M av7o 
A Mess M a y 75 
A M‘ ss 
M a r 3o 
A Hey*, M a y t i 
A Mess Aug TS 
A FP-SS Aug JO 
A Mess Aug Si 
A Mess Nov IO 
A H. y, N o v J i 
A hi O Apr TS 
Ash, O Ape IO 
A sh! O A p r I i 
Amu O Jul JU 
Ash) o J u l l i 
A .hi O O f 135 
A hi O o< 14o 
Hee 
C M a y ® tv .is f Aug (o 
Hens C 
Aug i i thus C Nev35 
Bt a nd A pr IO 
B ra n t! 
A pr IS 
B rand JuilO 
B ra t.il J u lli 
Br and 
O r t IO 
B ra n .f O r t t i 
( ' / In A pr to f l y In 
A pr I i 
C ty In Jut IO 
C I y In to I t 5 f l y In Get IO 
C ly In O' ' I i 
Ooeox Apr IO 
C to rp x 
A p f I i 
C lero. JuilO 
C IOC Ux J u lli 
C d ,to * O f I IO 
C lO e p.O t I I i 
Comsat Apr ?5 
(.m e a t Apl 
CO 
Con a t Ju lT i 
Comsat Ju' IO 
Com at Jul Ii 
Ccm > ai O n H) 
C um at Of I I i 
Com O A pr t i 
C urn O Apr IO 
Cunt O 
J u lli 
Cunt O 
JU '® 
C o n ! 
O 
1 o 3 
I 7 J 
Cont O O d ® 
Or esse Apr )s 
Dr esse A p r® 
Ores r 
Apr 45 
D rrssr J u lJ i 
Dressr J o t® 
Peessr 
J u iji 
Dr esse O d 4o 
Orc .s r O d 45 
Oui. P w Apr JO 
Du* P w Jut 7o 
Du* Pw O d ® 
I a 
Os Apr IS 
I as C.s A pr IO t a 
Os JUGS 
I ay OS Jut IO 
T a , Os O d25 r as Ce 
Of I IO 
(e g I M Apr JO f cg) M Apr 15 
I n y t M 
Jul I i 
I ny) M Of t I i 
I a s m M ay TO 
I rs tn May?S 
I f sin A u g ® 
I . r s lti 
I 

Sales Open 
Net N Y 
4 IOO- f 
In t M ig h L o w i ast Chg C l® . 

71 
31 
I 
165 
M i 
IO 
J 

2o 
333 IG 
IG 
D x . 5 14 
I 
4285 U S GS I* . 
35 
I d I 
7G 
J 
. 
285 
G V 16 
G F 
7 3 '* 
3G 
3G * 
JO IG 
IG 
I G . 
33 I I G IIG IIG ♦ 
581 6 
5 i '» * 
/O il 11 IA I *111 14 * 
13 
96 l l . I IG U G • 
IG 
3 
$o4 761? S 'I 
A * ,. 
IG 
JO 
18821 ) IA U ) I t ? 1 > • ’ x 
IS 
87 
*4 
G 
) ,♦ 
G 
45 
TO? 3G 
7* i 
J G . 
G t i 
111 
I G I J 14 I G * 
G 
IV 
46 V 
8 
9 
, 1 
1343 
1746 i 
2 x « 
. I G 
’ l l 2o3713 16 
. 
G . 5 16 
5 
49 BG 
141 Uo4 
5' *215 I64 G * ’ G 
461 
5o3 IG 
I ' * * 
G 
I 
5 VG 
9 x 
9 '* • 
IG 
315 
5G 
3 *. i ' x * I** 
18277 IA G U t . 7 16 
HA 
I? 1 * H G I I G * I 
577 
7 'x 
AG 
7 'x ♦ 
G 
I i ’ 
16o7 3' * 2 i l l 14* 3 16 
6o4 4599 
G 9 IA I! 16 

71o 
271 
6 l? l 

79 
ABV 
8 
UA 117? 
4' • 
IU 763o 
1'» 
IAH 
SOt 
4* A 
TIS 
447 
2 
1 
9 IO 
2 
176 
I 
3J 
VZ I 11 16 

TG ! 
IG 
J3* • 
I , 
D x - 
3G 
IG * 
. H i 162 
I' 
IS: 
. 

4 ' I * l l 16 
6 
IAI 
5G 
4’ x i i 
I U 
9571 1 1 IA I G I* 

2’ I 
4' A 
I 

J 3* * 
4'x « 
I 
* 
IG 
I G * 
*3 IAI 16 

IG 

3 14 

'IO 
A pc 

1o3 
361 
? '* ? ' U ? 
1 
39 
J 
JA 
7643 3' 
2 
VIJ I ’ 
5 1238 
< 
7 
137 13 
473 4935 
. 
_ 
21 45781 IA I 161 14 
24V 6164 
G 
' . 
G 
13 2J39J 16 
.J 16 
457 335413 U 
G 
G 
16 
359 
G I 163 16 
37 
292 J G 
3 'x 
IG 
176 34o33 16 
4 
448 4 
JG 
4 
* 
G 
346 48469 167 167 l | 
I l l 
35 
57 4 G 4 • 
43x * 
G 
747 1AJ6 
G 
G tx 
I 16 
74 
SSI I G IG 
IG 
16 538M G I IAI 16 
A i 
446 I ' . 
I 
IG 
’ x 
MO 35743 16 
• 
1 x 
1951 t i U t 

*1 16 
I 16 

I 16 

I u 

 l?V 11715 16 
5 
7o IO' 
337 
VB t 
5’ 
415 I SVA 
5 
5V t i 
V4 
5VV 
6 
41? Ii?? 
I' 
VS 
VA 
I 

5 16 
IOU 

? * • - 

I 16 

5 14 
IG 

H « W 

Hew 
Mew 
Mu A 
In t x< 

In# 

 a. O. t jv 
J.. A pr IO 
Jn A pr IS 
Jn 
Jul IO 
Jn Jot I i 
J". O d IO 
Jn O ft IS ii M ay I i 
o M a , IO o M a y 75 
(i Aug I i in. .c o Aug TO 
In. x c h A u g IS in. x«o NOV t i 
Int I n Nr, ,7o 
InpXCO Nov 25 to y M a v IO 
III/ May.t i to y Ma y ,o toy A ug® to , A nu t i 
In , Nov IS 
I 
. I n t l M a , . '5 
I . I ng V a y IO 
I a Lnr| A u g T i 
I a I rid A u g ® 
I a Lnd Nov 25 l a ) od NOV JO 
M ar.of 
M a y to 
M ar , a 
M ay t i cc mf Aug IO 
M a r tot A u g I i 
M a rm t NOV IO ll NOV t i 
Der M a y 45 

IS 
IQI 16’ 16? 16 
1o9 2144 
G 
'> 
' , 
8 18641 IA I IAI 16 
775 7o 7511 IA 
55 7/863 
IAII IAI 
16 
I ’ A ll? 
IM 11 
I ' i 
IG 
IG 
I 16 
157 
V945 IIAI 16 
1 4 I I 16 
Al 
S® 
A17 
4'x 
SG 
'n t ‘,’ 6 I i ® 
I 
I H 
I ' . 
5 16 
’ JO 1846V I A i 165 I* ■ 3 16 
It 
VOV 
6 ‘' x 
5 G 
SG • 
U 
1o35 178o 
J 
TGT* I i 
9 16 
7o? 241815 IA U IAI 
TI 
73? 
’ U 
AU 
6’ * 
'n 
JVI 
1)7o 
4 
3 
J'4 * 
659 1958 
IG 
IG 
P i ­ I 16 
5 
7 i ’ x 
5 G s h * 
J 
116 
315 l r 
IG 
J’ r . 
JG 
JIO 
AV 
G 
’ 4 
G » 
H 
I l l 
?G 
? G 
7'x c 
J 
16? r n 
4G 
JG 
4' 4 » 
J' 4 
IS i i 
S' x 
3 i v , 
JG 
’ I 
481 
3 / 
V 7 
I 
- 
6o’ 
6166 
GS 16? 
16 
, x 
SR 
165 
4 H 
JG 
3*4 
' 4 

19' 

I U 
173 767713 16 x 
IG 
I t 
Al 
4 'x 
3‘ I t l i t 
45819 16 I G I ! 16 
I I t 
SI 
MJ 
I * 
I l l 16 
I 16 
1o1 3124 
G I 16 
G 
128 13*8 
IG 
IG 
I ' . . 
>, 
)« 26585 IA 
G 
G 
I 16 
179 
62621 16113 16111 16 

M a y SO 
Der M a y ® 
D "f Aug45 
D r* A ugiO t i. * Nov 45 
D<* NOV SO le d M ay TO m d 
M ay2$ led Aug 25 loci N o ,25 
1 <’ M a y ® 
1 Ct M .t, i i 

Ai 
IIH 
AHI 
I 
189 I VTV 
IV 
IVV 
78 
JIO 
9o3 
4G 
19 

 x? 16 
S’ » 
A . 
GJJ 16 ?G 

AG 
AG 
3 'x 
4 
8 
8 

3 16 

P f 
P I 
Ct Aug tO 
Ct N o* SS 
P itk in M , y 3o 
IM t yin Mil / t i 
PH sin M a y ® p ris m M a r It p ie ,, a Ma , tv , 
Aug JO ism A ug ii 

Ai 
I® 
’ 
UA 
I 
J 
I 
, ll 
Itll It 
‘ 4 
4 
1o2 
6613 t6 9 16 
G • J 16 l l m 
IG 
'rn 
I 
J 
I? AG 5 G 
AG . 
7'x 
It 
1)8 7G 2 
J , . 
>, 
JI 
ISH l i t H I 16 . J 
16 
IO 
59 IG 2 I5 
I A l G « 
IO 
Iv IG I 
I G * 
G 
2 
IV i i , 3 1, 
J ,, 
?»4 
22o ’ G 5 
6 <x. 
J' , 
UA I 246171 I IAI ) 162 x • I 

PTI. I, 

Pre 
P 
..'n 

 p tts m pct an 

Aug ll 
Apr. IV 
No v TO 

P A p. I* 

471 
I i i 
G 
G 
'x * 9 16 
AVA 1o61 
J x IG 
2 , t I ’ x 
219 1649 i , 
V, , j 
»4 
8? I s i ’ x 
I 
. 
JU 
4>r 
HTV J G 
I G 
J 3, • 
I- t 
SIJ 
4,41? 16 '* 
! » x l l 16 i i 
WO I 
7G 
J t • 
I t 
157 
S?ot l l 16 
.19 16 • l l 14 
S 
U 
I t 4 
I x i x 
184 
?V8 
4G25 I t p 
. , 
I , . 
JI" 
TOI 
I G I ! IAI I t 16 
A 
JO x I 
J 
Ar I89A 
<x1 t A x 
5 16 
I ll? I 
I . 
J * 
IU 
13? 
YAU I 16 ’ 
>6 
. 
75 
4 
I . 
J U - 
I , 
785 
I x ii IAU (6 
I 16 
72 

I9U 
47' , 
47' x 
4?' i 
4 7 't i t ' t 
4 ?G 
I t ' , 
I t G 
2 7 '. 
I I 1* 
I t ' , 
1 I> . 
IO '. io u 
IO '. 
IO1* 
I 1*1o - 
IO U 
*. 
SO X 
SOU 
5o'x 
SOU 
SO X 
SOU 
SO X 
27 . l l , 
JI x 
7? x 
S A G 
SA 
, 
S A U 
56 
SAG 
54 . 
JAG 
)4 
IA G 
36 
JOG 
34 
4 4 'x 
14 
IA G 

U? 
ISR 
5o4 1524 
T x 
. I I I IR * I I 1*3* 
771 71 78 
«l 16 
U t ! t# 
(A 
2® i i i l a 
I ' 
? y e 
I 
It 
HS ti? 11 J 16 
, i , , I 16 it 

 t i t ii t 
34? 
HO 
644 
? I 
’ 4) 

.rstn 

.P e . 

K 
C 
I x i M 
G l l M 
’ k 

KANSAS L i l y IA P ! 
F.ady liv e s to c k 
Q uotation* (or fr id a y 
( a d it and i# !v tr 
I® ne* nouqh on (die* to test prices 
Moos I I ® b a rro w s and g ilts 25 SO tow cr 
I 2 ,*7o 715 'h 
IG O 
I I IOO ISO ll 
3/ oo J? SO sow unqer SOO IP 1 OO low er 
'OO lb anc! I ta vee steady 
I I 3® 5® It 
J? ill J) UU 45o 6 ® IP 44 SO 45 ® 

Nov TO 
No ,25 
I Apr IO f 
A u r is 
I Ju no f 
J u lli f 
Oe MO 
Oe t I i 
. _ 
<yjr 3o oP a c A p r 35 
o»uP a< 
A p r IO 
GeoPac A pf 29 
Ca. Pac A p r il . 
G eoP ac A pr 19U 
C,r*>Pd< JOI X) 
GeoPac 
Jul I i 
CooPac J u l® 
G hoP ai Jut 34 G 
C.enPd' 
Jo119 x 
( ax)Pac O i I to 
CrHoPa. O d 35 
Geo Pac 
O .I4 4 U 

O 
< 
I 
184 
2 
88 
36 
J 
75 
79 
2o 
11 
5 
12 
2 
416 
26) 
124 
27’ 
24 
16’ 
72 
*99 
123 
’ 5 
It 
16 
5 ? i i 
34 
24 
75 

3 
5 

319 
H 
3o8 
J 76 
6 
17? 
17o 
2? 
I i 
25 
49 

4t v 
IU 

H r* A x 
AG 
2 * . i ‘ x 
2 ‘ * 
'•5 16 
' I 
J U 
2»x 
3* x 
I U IS 14 IG 
I 
IG 
I 
IG 
IG 
653 
4 i 
I i 
65811 I i I 1$ 
JO 9 
U 
2 x 
AAI 
TH F* 
JI 
5 I J 
184 
7 
76 
I 1 i 
34/ 

I' i* 
1*9 
4 
♦ 7G 
*9 » 9 16 
SU t 
1*9 ' 
S G * J 
I i 14 TG * 
' 3» 
5 G * IG 
IG < 9 16 

3 6 
6 
16 
. 
4o x 
4o 
A 
4o 
• 
4o x 
4o 
I 
4o x tO 
I 
4o' 
71 
* 
21 

A p r AH 
A pr i | i , 
Apr Sh 

I i ; 

HS 
7 tv 16 
7 
4525 '4 J 25 16 
147 
2 *. 
I». 
7<i 
AAI 
85 
648 
59 
H I 
?o 

12 IO j i m * 
I i i i i i 
7 
1J? 
64o 
I l l i t 
3' 
54 
VA 
I 
IVO ??25 
J 
84 ii? I ' 
44o J 7oS 
4 
H S 7 o 7 ? 
74 
733 
I ' 
19o 
I U 
5 
146 HO? 
I 
IO? 
I t 9 
I 
48 t i ! 9 3 
HO 2o1? 
A t i 
225 Vt 
IO? 
UA A1 
19 2o45 
J ll? 
5o629 
54 
29o l l 
I i 
>t I 
I ' 
JO 
423 
4 
ASO! 11195 IA I 
8 
Ilk 
4' t 
4 
14) AWA 
G 

9 , 
VU . 
I ' . 
J . 
4 , 
I * I? IA 
I 16* 

IO *. IU 4 X 
5*4 
5*4 , 
;« 

I 
J X 
) to 
G 
•, 
I 16 
J u 
3 X . 
I U 
I ' , c I 163 16 

* 

I' x 
7'x c 
I G l u r 
*x 

 k l (A i (A 
I I A 
I >4 f i t 
H 
4> 4 
4’ I * 
‘ 4 
U l? 16 l ye x ii *6 I 
1 • 

8 x 9 
# 
14 
SG 
5 - 4 * 
9 r 
9 . . 
SG 
A G - 
G 
D c 
J x c 
A 7 25 I * , 
, x 
IO 
IR . x 
I 
I' . , 
G t 
4 c 
1 k 

I ) 16 16' 
I'x l l 
18 
G 
18 
IR 
18 

I AJ 16 
I 16 
U 
• 
I • 
H 
.v 16 • I 16 l l 

2 
2*» • 
4 14 J 16 
IG 
2 G I 

I 16 
2? 

27 
11 
12 
12 ll i i 
5 U I? 
'2 

2G fig 
V t ! 
G 
A 22oM IA I >61 14 
5 i i i I 
7'x 
? G *1 1 A 
58 21151 >6) 143 16 l l 
43214 16? ,2 M 'A n j 
6497 165 I t 
<t t I 16 
U 
19 4’ . 
4 
4G 
35 X 
778 
148 1 ) 16 ) 16 I 
*1 3 I* 
35 , 
J 
IO I IAI 1-61 I * 
Ss . 
71 
7? AG 
3G A 
» d x 35<x 
63 
48’ 
I ► 
/ 
I 3# * 
I i 
35 1 x t i 
S U I IAI 16 
'A 
G 
35*. 
5 
1 6 
6 
4 
I i 
24 3 
2o6 
2 15 16 
I ' . * 
' x 
3S‘ x 
4 
3? 
-» 
G 
M c 
' A 
35 x 
IO l#4 2G 
IG 
IG C 
1 x 35Jx 
23 
3’ 2 
GS 165 14 c 
' a 
35 a 
I 
5 AG 
AG A v 
7G IS *. 
52 
88 7 * 
IG 
2G c 
G IS ). 
2o 
93 $ , 
I u 
?G c 
I 
JJG 

{rn san 
N e . IO 
J 
J 
4 . 
4 
4 
14 
' N " . IS 
UA IO U 
U P IA U I* . I 16 
*4 lh 
P a 
A 
SO IO 
IO x IO x •1 4 ’ x 
^4 
I Mi P ic 
M ,, y VO 
ITR tov i'x 
J I, 
4 
J u * 
U* 
I* I 
’.‘ a , Si 
ITO 
144 
IS p. 
( U i 
S4 ■- 
Hr p „ lh Pa, e n g IS 
I l l to , IO . 
41 t i 
S' j 
J U 
SU , 
S4-* 

Un Pa , A ug i i 
M 
4/ 
7 x 1 / I* / x - I) >6 
S IU 
Un Pa> 
Ne y SO 
S 
I t 
J ', 
4 , ,► 
’» jg 
S4 s« 
Un P re Fe , SS 
5 
5 
J U 
IG 
14,,j 
P a 
SI 'N 
Va I 
I 
■ l l 
■ Apr tO i- Apr I i t 
V 
4' x 
C t, 
4 x 
VA 482’ i i 16 u 
I » 
14 4 
*4 a 
Va I 
I 
J 
I 
I •• 
4 l r 
1 e 
14 a 
VU J 
IJ J u lli 
U» 47)25 I , u x 
I u l l 4 
V a I 
II* o< * IO 
J 
4 'x 
4 'x 
4 'x 
14 j 
Ve 1 
IIC O- P i 
147 
I ’ ? 
, 
G 
G 
U 4 
W it u i , Apr t i 
8 
1o4 
) 
3 
J 
- 
*• 
\? H 
W I u " A pr 2o 
J U 6 1 /V i IAI IA I 16 - I 16 
IF N 
A st Un Jg i VO 
J I I J i ’ 2 t i I t 
I »6 
IF '# 
Wst U>» O' t is 
5 
16 
I' , 
I U 
JU 
IF*# 
A * * Ut r O d TO 
244 
978 
U? 16 
'n • } 16 
IF ’ * 
Wtyyr " > M a y 2o 
IV 
111 
SU 
5 
SU 
7S% 
A , WM1" M a , 25 
IVA w in t i t , i i i . 
I 16 tv* 
WI wr ft i 
Aug IS 
91 UIS 
I ’ , l u l l ) I* * S 16 
A w h , N o . 2o 
I S t i t 
*- 
’ » 
W iw rth N«v 25 l i t 
JJE 
J U 
I G 
J . . 3 16 n u 
1 OI at v o lu m e 
3* 243 
O pen in te re s t 
254 4oo 

San Antonio EX P R ESS- N EW S— Saturday March 19 1977 
Millers came from S.A. 

M o n d o va guide 

Pretty Patricia Alvarez de Valdez was the Carmacks' guide in M onclova. One of the places she took them was this unusual monument, a restored part of a wall of a chapel built in 
1675. Fray 
Juan Larios, one of the founders of 
Monclova and of this chapel, was one of the first priests to come to Texas. 

You can't buy better than 

Here's o grosser for you! 

I 

I 

Best ZIPP lawn tocxl is a complete balanced, long lasting, controlled-release lawn food with seven nutrients to insure a beautiful lawn ZIPP also contains polyphosphate tor greater lawn food uptake by grasses, and tor more efficient use by the plants 
Part of tfie iron and zinc is also complexed in superphosphonc acid which improves their availability to the grass and turf Formulated tor 
Southern lawns 
35 lb bag covers 5.ooU sq ti 
How to produce Produce 

 i*8 < 5 

Tomato & Vegetable Food 
Sam e ingredients as used by commercial vege table growers All the essential nutrients necessary to promote bigger yields higher quality produce are combined in the proper proportions tor easy. one step use Pellets insure easy application 
5 lb. box • 2o lb bag 

One hearty product 

Transplant Starter 
Contains Vitamin B l Hormone substance This unique product helps prevent transplant shock and wilt due to root damage 
Use in garden and greenhouse Sate tor vegetables and flow­ ering plants 
8 oz. • pint • quart 

Featured at leading garden centers 

( b e s t ) 

Best Products Division 
Occidental Chemical Company 
P O Box 1185/Houston. Tx 77oo1 

Continued from Page IB 

 chaca had told us. "They were shot.” 

We went to the Ermi- tade Zapopan, a church built in the 17oos — to the church of San Francisco dc Asis — to all that is left, a beautiful restored part of the wall, id the chapel of La Pursim a. 
All had San Antonio and 
Texas tics 
Bul no story in Mon- cima matches in senti­ ment and San Antonio ties the slurs of the (icr- man flour m illers 
Bonnie and I learned of these m illers when we did a story on 
A < 
Thomac s historic Yndo 
Bandi in VV ilsoti ('minty 
Millers 

These m illers cann* from San Antonio -- and even earlier from New 
Braunfels — about KIO years or more ago 
Barly Saturday P a tri­ cia, Bonnie and I drove west from 
Monclova through the beautiful countryside — semi-de­ sert and green, irrigated 

 f i e l d s 
About UU miles out the road to Torreon there was a sm all roadside sign that said ” < ’eternal)* la.” This is a condensed 

 version of Ciudad del 
Alemania or, in English, 
“ Germantown.” 
The setting was spec­ tacular. We were at the loot of a long mountain range — high, rugged and blue. D irectly in front of us a pretty little river came out of a deep gorge 
On a swift m illrace from the river stood a tall, white flour mill Its gates said “ Molinos del 
C arm en” 
— 
Carmen 
Mills. An old fashioned millstone was imbedded in the wall on each side of the wide gates 
Mill story 
VV e drove inside and soon were talking with the m ill’s owner, Marin 
Miller We never met a man we liked more on first sight 
As he showed the three of u s all through the mill 
— even drove (lowii to where the drive shaft cairn* off the big water­ wheel — he told us the mill s remarkable story aud its San Antonio con­ 

 n e c t i o n s 
"M y grandfather, F e ­ derico M ueller, came here from San Antonio and started the mill iii 
IST!) Ile had been an as­ sociate of CMI Guenther 

 in founding the Pioneer 
Flour M ills in San An­ tonio in 1851,” M ille r said. 
“ My grandfather had one unusual experience. 
Ile was attending Ford’s 
Theatre in Washington the night Lincoln was shot. 
" I still have relatives iii San Antonio. My cou­ sin, Carlotta Gonzales 
Miller de I'rrutia, is the widow of Dr. Urrutia.” 
(Dr I'rrutia. who died here in 1975 at 194. was one of the most famous surgeons San Antonio ever had.) 
“ When my father started m illing wheat hen*.” Miller continued. 
“ some of the flour was sold in San Antonio — hauled there by ox cart 
That was a haul of about TIKI m iles — by plodding oxen. 
During its 98 years the m ill has gone through troubled times 
In the 
Mexican Revolution, the 
Carranza forces and the federalists fought a bat­ tle here. 
“ My father’s brother was killed in the battle and the m ill was hurtled,” Miller said. 
But the m ill’s past — with its m oth birthday coming iii 1979 — doesn't 

 keep Miller from looking to the future. He is now planning new electric equipment for the mill. 
On our way back to 
Monclova, we stopped at the pretty town of San 
Buenaventure and talked with Carlos Thomac. an irrigation company offi­ cial lh* is related to the 
San Antonio Thomaes. 
The Thomae fam ily, out of loyalty to the 
Union. went to Monclova during the Civ ii War. 
“ My grandfather. Teo- doro Thomae, estab­ lished the first flour milli rn this region in 1872." 
Carlos Thomae said. 
“ The fam ily had been m illers in New Brau n ­ fels 
“ It operated until the 
194os. Viator to power the mill became scarce be­ cause it was needed for irrigation so the mill was closed." 
Our reception bv 
Carlos Thomae was no 
.less hospitable than that by Miller. 
Diary 
Back in San Antonio, I went to the Daughters of the Republic of Texas 
Library at the Alamo and read much of the “ Diary of the 
Alarcon 
Expedition.’’ Reading it 

 in the mission that Alar­ con and Fray O livares founded added to its dra­ ma. 
The diary was lost more than 29o years. It was found in 1955 in the national archives in 
Mexico City and trans­ lated in 1955 by Fritz Lee 
Hoffman. A reader of the diary must agree with 
Hoffman: 
“ One can hut marvel at 
Alarcon's substantial ac­ complishments.” 
But it is also heart­ warming to know those 

 early day greats had their human side. 

F ra y 
O livares was authorized IO soldiers as a guard. He asked Alar­ con for “ ten m arried men of good habits.” 
Gruff soldier Alarcon re­ plied that he had no 
“ apostolical college” from which to recruit such men. 

But Olivares in time got his men. And the mission he nurtured at its birth will live forever. 

T H C 

BONSAI FARM 

PH. 649 -2 1o 9 
SPECIAL SALE 
MINATURE ROSES MAo1 
2 FT. BLACK PINE $2%| 
[LARO! 
MING AR All AS ‘182,* is mum amt rn lo o * ««• oh im 17 a m m i ( * t e » v a vt-) 

Co/t/id&dia/fr/.. 
BED! 

Fisher’s offers you sofa sleepers so comfortable and so beautiful you’ll never know there s a bed inside. Create an extra bedroom at a moment’s notice. Now at these low, low prices. Come in today and choose from various styles and fabrics while selection is complete! 

IMMEDIATE 
DELIVERY 
FROM STOCK 

78” TUXEDO STYLE SOFA SLEEPER 
In beautifully tailored Herculon plaid, kick pleat skirt, button arm bolsters. 

'M l 

 o 

QUEEN SIZE SOFA SLEEPER 
Upholstered in elegant white Herculon with subtle geometric plaid design, kick pleat skirt, button arm bolsters. 

o 

Aft tv rn tx A C H Y AS 
ILLUSTRATED 

"m r 

 j;. 

USI OUR 

REVOLVING 

CHARGE 

I ' 
Attractive Early 
American sofa sleeper upholstered in 
[plaid Herculon, 

 beautiful natural maple accents. *429. 

9’X12’ RUGS 

Cover your floors beautifully with an attractive rug from Fisher’s. 
Choose from a wide variety of rainbow colors. All feature hand knotted fringe and cover a massive I 8o square feet. 

Save $6o. 
{ I I Q 
Reg. $179.......... I I T # 

«•» r 
I v 

Reg. $639......... . I /3 off.. 

Phone 824-o575 
Open Daily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sundays) san a ntonio 

P /V /in ff'fic f/w Inurn* furnishing:! 

1 4 5 o N E. Loop 4 1 o 

 xsssSsss l l . , , urs must go or blow 

By JE F F Cl ROSSM AN 
OF THI EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 
RICHFIELD, Ohio - The 
Spurs’ Week of Reckoning be­ gins Saturday when they face the Cleveland Cavaliers at the 
Coliseum at 7:oo p.m. CST. 

In the next seven days, the Spurs will play six games in five cities in three time zone's. 
Every g am e is against a playoff 

^ TI , Channel 12. 7 ft.rn. 

Irani, and five of them are against 
Eastern Conference contenders. 
The only Eastern power the Spurs do not play are themselves. 

After Saturday’s gam e, they go to 
Washington for a Sunday night game against the Bullets. Monday, m erci­ fully, will be a day off. 
The Spurs play Boston at hom e 
Tuesday, meet the Nuggets in Denver 

Wednesday, face the Rockets at home 
Thursday, and fly to Philadelphia to meet the Sixers Friday. 
It is both an exhausting and crucial week. 
“ I hate to bunch games together,” 

 said Spurs Coach Doug Moe, “ but I suppose if we go 3-3 or above against those teams, we'd be doing pretty well. 
“ Sure, the travel is difficult, but we can’t concern ourselves with that. At this point in the season, we have to 
P la y o ff tic k e ts o n sa le 

Spurs’ season ticketholders will be receiving their order forms for home playoff games in the immediate future. 
The Spurs’ management has said that tickets to the first four home games are available. 
Season ticketholders have the option of picking up their regular seats as well as ordering additional tickets to the four games. 
However, in keeping with NBA policy, prices have been 

 raised one dollar across the board to $8, $b and $4 
General Manager John Begzos said season ticketholders have until 5 p.m. April I to return the order forms 
Begzos addt'd that should the Spurs be eliminated before playing four home playoff contests, "season ticketholders who purchased four games worth of tickets could either apply the purchase to next year or have their money refunded. 

 continue to play well 
The Spurs have won seven of their last eight games, but only one of their victims — the Cavs — were above the 
.5oo mark. 
And it is still but a short distance from first to third place in the Central. 

“ lf we can stay close we’re in good shape,” said Moe. “Washington’s lost a lot lately, but they still have a good home schedule. They had a lock on it before their slump. 

“ Right now it depends on Houston. 
They finish the season with something like six of their last eight games on the road. When Houston com es to our place Thursday, it ll be a two-game swing.” 

K a tu r « la v 

E x | i r « * s * - ] W 
\ v s 
Scoreboard, 

SPORTS 
Dan C ook is on vacation, 

S aturday M arch 19 1 9 7 7 
H 
Page 
I -C 
Safe or out? See page 4C Tiger pulls upset 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 

HOUSTON — Trinity’s Erick 
Iskersky upset third-seeded .Jai 
DiLouie of Southern Methodist 
Friday as the Tigers clinched a tie for the team title at the 19th 
Annual Rice Invitational Tennis 
Tournament. 

With two days remaining. Trinity is on top with 18 points, six ahead of second-place SMU. Texas is a distant third with eight points. Trinity, win­ ners of the last two Rice Invitational titles, has three singles players and two doubles teams left. SMU has both doubles teams, but just one singles player left. 
Iskersky. unseeded bere and the No. 
4 player at Trinity, downed the No. I 
SMU star. 7-6 (5-4). 3-6. 6-o. He fol­ 

 lowed that triumph with a 6-2, 6-1 vic­ tory over Texas’ Gary Ploek. 
“ I never served better in my life." 
Iskersky, a freshm an from Toledo, 
Ohio, said. “ I do not know why I serve 

✓ R E S I LTS, Pa fie ru: 

 great one day and not the next. Nor­ mally, my serve is not as much of a weapon as it was today." 
DiLouie was in com m and in the opening set against Iskersky, leading 
5-1 and preparing to serve out the set. 
But Iskersky broke serve and won four 

 s tra ig h t gam es. He broke DiLouie again to go up 6-5. but DiLouie re­ tu rn ed the favor, forcing th e tie ­ breaker. 

“This is the best day I have had at 
Trinity.” Iskersky said. 

TU team m ates Tony G iam m alva, the top seed, and Larry Gottfried, the 
No. 4 seed, also won their m atches 
Friday and will meet in one of Satur­ day's . semifinals. 

Second-seeded Ben McKown was the lone Trinity loser, dropping a 6-2, 6-4 m atch to SMU’s Chris Delaney. De­ laney and Iskersky will be in the other singles semifinal. 

Trinity, the top-ranked team in the country and champion here IU times, had its two doubles teams get wins Friday, too._____________ 
No. . 

A R L IN G T O N 
( A P ) - 
Ron 
Nottebart, son of former Houston 
Colt .45 pitcher Don Nottebart, pitched a no-run. no hit g a m e 
Friday for Sam Houston State in the se c o n d g a m e of a c o lle g e b aseb all d o u b leh ea d er a g a in st 
Texas-Arlington. 

The younger Nottebart struck out eight and walked two as SHS downed I T A 2-1 in the second gam e of a doubleheader after the 
Bcarkats won the opener 7-1. go 

AU STIN (A P ) — Two youn g m en from T e m p e . A r i/., h a te learned not to take the wallet and watch of a man who has won a gold m edal for sprinting. 

J o h n n y “ G o ld m e d a l” J o n e s and another I Diversity of Texas tr a c k a t h le t e w ith the s a m e n a m e c h a s e d dow n th e p a ir 
T hu rsday after d isco v erin g an open locker from which (he wal­ let and watch had been taken. 

“ G o l d m e d a l ” and a h ig h j u m p e r fr o m New Y ork a ls o named Johnny Jones spotted the 
A r iz o n a n s , w h o m th e h ig h ju m p er rem e m b e re d se e in g in the locker room, and called out to them 

T he A r iz o n a n s w e r e h alf a block away, walking up the H est 
21st Street hill from the stadium . 

“ A foot race took p la c e ,” a sp o k e sm a n for c a m p u s ' p olice said. 

The two Joh n n ys each ran a different route around a building and they c a u g h t the s u s p e c ts . 
The wallet and watch were reco­ vered. 

J a m es J. Parm entier, 18, and 
D ea n 
A. 
T a y lo r , 
18, w e r e charged with m isdem eanor theft before C orporation ( curt Judge 
Mark b e t i m b e r and placed in 
Travis County Jail in lieu of $5oo boud. 

“ G o l d m e d a l ” got h is n i c k ­ nam e from former football coach 
Darrell Royal after running on the winning U.S. flit) m eter relay team at the O lym pics last s u m ­ mer. Ile also finished sixth in the lOO-ineter finals. 

76ers slow 
Rocket drive 

S p o r t s c m mmmmmmmmmmmmm 
™ hi. mini....ie 
I 
Itadiu, TV 

PHILADELPHIA 
(AP) 
- 
George McGinnis scored 22 of his 28 points in the first half, powering the Philadelphia 7hers to a 124-1o4 win over the Houston 
Rockets in a heated battle of two 
National Basketball Association leaders Friday night. 

Holding a 31-3o lead early in the se­ cond period, the 76ers reeled off 18 straight points to blow the game open. 
McGinnis had ll points and reserve 
Steve Mix addl'd IO as the 76crs main­ tained the 19-point lead at halftime, 
67-48 
The Atlantic Division-leading 7Bers led 96-7o after three periods. 

H O U ST O N (1o4): M alone 4 7 2 IO, T om ionovich 4 
o o 8. Kunnerl /OO 14, L u c o i 4 O O IO, M u rp h y 4 2 2 
12, D Jones 2 4 5 9. Newltn 4 o 8 8 Johnson 2 1-2 4, 
While I J 4 4, HatieM 3 3 4 9, Kennedy 4 O O IO Totals 
4J 18 21 1o4 
* 
P H I L A D E L P H I A (124): M t O m n t s IO 8 11 28. 
Et vino 8 4 4 7o. C 
Jones 6 o o 17 B ib b y 3 3 4 9. 
C ollins 9 6 / 74, M ix 4 7 2 12. C a lt h in g s 2 1 7 5. 
D u nleayy 1 o o 7. B rya n t 1 o o 2. F y r iO * 2 o o 4, 
Du*l> ins 3 o o 6 Totals 5o 24 31 124 
H O U ST O N 
74 74 22 14— 1o4 
P H IL A D E L P H IA 
27 4o 2* 28— 124 
T o tal f o u ls - H o u s t o n 24. P h i la d e l p h i a 24 
Technicals— Neyyim. A — 18 276 
Celtic tickets scarce 

Only a few tickets remain for next Tuesday’s NBA game in the Arena between the Spurs and Boston Celtics. 

Spur General Manager John Begzos said that all $7 tickets were sold on 
March ll, the first day they went un sale fur the Celtic contest. “ And uur Sa tickets were gone by March 14 or 15 — that’s the first time we have sold all the Sa tickets before the $3 tickets,” said Begzos. 
"Ordinarily, if people can’t get the 
I jest seats ($7), they buy the cheapest ones (S3),” he added 
Standing-room-only ducats are ex­ pected to be sold prior to the 7:35 p.in. tipoff Tuesday. 

TELEVISION 
Saturday 
- Grandstand. 
4) - NCAA B a sk etb a ll Triple 

 compare! 

SHOP DISCOUNT STEREO! 

6x9 COAXIAL 
SPEAKERS full 2o oz. with BIG 
3“ TWEETERS, 
REG. 79.95 

 ll a.in. (Ch. 4) 
11:1o a .m . (Ch header. 
Noon (Cb. 9) — Grand Prix Tennis: Volvo Classic. 
I p .m . (Ch. 12) — PGA T o u r n a m e n t P la y e r s ’ 
C h am pionship: Third-round action from J a ck so n ­ ville. 
2:3o p.m . (Ch. 12) — Pro B ow lers Tour: $75,ooo 
Muriel Cigar Open from B u ck eye Lanes in North 
O lm stead. Ohio 
3:3o p.m . (Ch. 3) — CBS Sports Spectacular: Steve 
M i P eak a ttem p ts an u n p reced en ted uphill wire- walk from Urea to Sugarloaf P eak , outside Rio de 
Janeiro. Brazil; European Figu re Skating C ham ­ pionships. 
4 p . i i i . (Ch 
12) — ABC’s H id e World of Sports: 
M en's Cup Downhill Skiing C ham pionships; Duke kah anam ok u Surfing ( lassie; U .S .-U.S.S.K.-Canada 
Track and Field Meet. 
6 p.m . (Ch. 41) — Wrestling. 
7 p . iii. (Ch. 12) — San Antonio Spurs vs. Cleveland 
Cavaliers. 
7:43 p.m . (Ch 9) — The Way It Was: The Yankee 
Dynasty, Part Three — The Stengel Years and the 
Bronx Bom bers, 1949 65. 
9 p.iii. (Ch l l) — Boxing from Mexico. 

Sunday ll a.in. (Ch 9) — Iowa Girls High School Basket­ ball C ham pionship: H igh ligh ts of se m ifin a ls and finals from Des Moines March 12-13. 
11:45 a.rn. (Ch. l l) — Soccer. 
Noon ( l h . 4) — NIT Basketball Championship. 
12:3o p.iii. (Ch. 5) — Sunday with the Spurs. 
IB :45 p.m . (Ch. 5) — N BA B ask etb all. D enver 
N uggets vs. Detroit Pistons. 
1 p . iii. (Ch. 12) — PG A T o u r n a m e n t P la y e r s 
Championship: Final Round 
2 p m 
(Ch. 4) — G r a n d s ta n d : 12-round H ea ­ vyweight Fight between Joe Kugner and Ron Ly le. 
2 p.m . (Ch. 41) — knockout: Boxing Highlights. 
3 p .iii. (lh 
12) — A B C ’s C h a m p io n s h ip Auto 
Racing: 18th annual Atlanta “ 5oo” Stock Car Race. 
I p.m. 
(Ch. 
9) 
— 
Grand 
Prix 
Tennis 
\ o lv o ( lassie Finals. t p m 
( t h . 12) — ABC’s Wide World of Sports; 
M en’s World I up Downhill Skiing Championship. 
RADIO 
Saturday 
12:4o p.m . (H O A L 12oo) — Houston Astros vs. 
Minnesota Twins (joined in progress). 
6:3o p.m . (HOAL 12oo) — San \n lon io Spurs vs. 
Cleveland Cavaliers. 
Suuday 
1215 p m 
(H O A L 12oo) — Houston Astron vs. 
Montreal Expos. 
6 p .m . (H O A L 12oo) — San A ntonio S p u rs vs. 
Washington Bullets. 

CRAIG CAR STEREO SPEAKERS 
SPECIAL PURCHASE PRICES-HURRY 
WHILE THEY LAST! 
MODEL NUMBER 
MAGNET SIZE 
DISCOUNT PRICE 
9 4 1 4 ............ 
8 oz............... 1 5.8 8 
9 4 1 3 ............ 
8 oz............... 1 7.9 9 
9426 ...............I 3 oz............... 1 9.8 8 
9427 ............ 13 oz............... 2 1 .8 8 
942o ............ 2o oz............... 2 9 .8 8 
9428 ............ 
9 oz............... 2 3 .8 8 

 p r. 

 p r. 

 p r. 

 p r. 

 p r. 

 p r. 

DISCOUNT p r ic e 
39.88.. 

SANYO EM STEREO CASSETTE 
Built-in Slid* Mount Included! four 
Speaker M a lm for groat Auto 
Stereo Sound 
DISCOUNT 
Price 

^KENWOOD 

KENWOOD'S QUALITY 
SPEAKERS 

• Model IS-4o5 

IO 
W oofer I 
Dom * 1 .4 4 t*r 6o 

W o rn IM S toting, .itll attract!*# 
(onttmporary Woodmont Cabinet keg 11995 
DISCOUNT price 

SANYO IN-DASH 8-TRACK 
AM-FM STEREO 

 w/fAST FWD, IOC DISTANCE 
SWITCH, MODEL FT-172 
DISCOUNT price 
.88 

VISION 8-TRACK 
PORTABLE 

With AM-fM Stereo 
Accepts "o " Batteries 
DISCOUNT 
PRICE37.88 

SANSUI HEADPHONES 
Stereo Headphones with less than 
I % Distortion, SS-2 
DISCOUNT 
PRICE1477 

 pair 

8-TRACK bleeper 
Cleaner 
UfC-RtCOTON 
DISCOUNT PRICE 
99« 

AMPEX C-9o 

Blank 9o Minute 
Cassettes. 
Extra Low Noise, High Output 
DISCOUNT PRICE 

N O 
L IM IT S 

Th* lowest Way to 
I loon lout lop* 
Dark s Head) 

 e MODEL 15-4o6 

IO 
Wooftt, I 
Durn* T.eetet, 
BtauttfuUy 
Toned 
Woodgratn 
Cabinet Auantic by Aftroctty* 

Grill* loy»t and SO Warn SMS 
Rating Reg 149 95 

DISCOUNT ma 

1 o 6 

 lfgini'I 
V 

''''w m m m i tmneM 

1.99 
Saw*. 

, 
€ « 
J 

EA. 

DISCOUNT 
PRICE 

PIONEER 8 TRACK RECORDER 
“DELUXE” MODEL R H -6o 
RECORD/PLAYBACK 
66 
149 

SAN 
PEDRO 
OPEN 
SATURDAY 

MARBACH 

PLAZA 

O PfN 
SUNDAY 
9 6 
6624 SAN PEDRO r -*- w 
MARBACH PLAZA 
IO 6 

I O - M O N TH 

 l a y a w a y 

(NIXI IO PIZZA HU!) 

8 2 4 - 7 2 9 6 
L 
I — :zai 
(Mdilere Or. W et M*r6*<6 Rd.) 
6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 
T f R M S 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 

St. Mary's^ Trinity in action 

Hie St. M ary’s Rattlers 7/fe-8 ) will open defense of their Big State 
Conference baseball championship Saturday against rival Texas Lutheran 
(«-<) at 2 p.m. at V .J. Keefe Field 
The Trinity Tigers will also be at home, completing a three-game series with Hardin-Simmons in 1:3o p.m. doubleheader at Stevens Field. 
Cars com pete at Pan Am tonight 

The 1977 stock car racing season resumes at Pan American speedway 
Saturday night with a full program. Including a tire rolling race and a fans’ race where six tickets will be drawn and the winners ride in a special raee with the six top drivers. 
Bowling tourney fo r D eaf slated 

The North Fast Association ol tile Beat will hold its individual Handicap 
Deaf Bowling Tourney Saturday at the Sports Palace. There will be three sessions during the day. 
The remainder of Saturday's schedule includes: 
SATURDAY 
Pro Basketball: Sours at Cleveland, / p m 
P ro Tennis: Lionel Cud Qualifying. M cF arh n 
Tennis Center, noon 
College Tennis: T rin ity men af Rice in vite tional, Houston 
College Baseball 
St M a r y 's vs T e x as L u th ­ e ra n , V .J K eete Field. 2 p m , H a rd in Sim m o n s o f T rln ltv , I 3o p m , San Antonio C o llege at B e c 
County ( J ) , B e e v ille , 1:3o p rn 
O k lah o m a S tate at P a n A m e rica n 5 p rn , M ich ig an State at P a n 
A m e ric a n , I p rn.. Ed in b u rg 
C o lle g e S o c c e r ; Si 
M a r y s T o u r n e y , a ll g am es at St. M a ry 's Soccer F ie ld 
A m e ric a n 
H ig h School, M exico City. vs T rin ity, l p m . St 
M a r y 's vs T exas A (IM , 3 p.m. 
S h o o tin g ' S p rin g field tria l 
U n io n V o lle y , 
N atio n al G un Club Open skeet shoot, N atio n al 
G u n Club. 
Swimming 
U IL cham pionships, 
A u stin . 
2 
P rn. 

Auto Racing 
P a n A m e ric a n Sp eed w ay, tim e trials at 7 o rn., race s s ta rt at 8 p rn 
College Track: Texas. T ex as Tech, L S U and 
K n a s a s S to le in fo u r w a y m e e t, M e m o r ia l 
Stadium . Austin, 6 p m , Texas A H I wom en at 
Texas Southern R e la ys , Houston 
Horse Racing 
L a B a h ia D owns, G oliad 
Pro W restling : M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m , 8 3o p m 
Co m ain e v e n ts 
N ic k B o c k w ln k e l vs 
Chavo G uerrero. B ru is e r B ro d y vs 
J o s e Loth 
O na Other m atch es 
Jo e B la n c h a r d vs Bull 
Ram os; Reno Tuutull vs 
B u tch e r B ra n n ig a n ; 
Benv M ato vs R A n d y B re w e r. 
C ano eing: L a k e M c Q u e e n e y C a n o e R a c e . starts at 9 a m of the 
IU 35 bridge, 
New 
Braunfels 
Bowling 
North E a s t A sso ciatio n of te D eaf 
Individual Handicap D e a l Bo w lin g Tournam ent. 
Sports Palace, sessions a t ll a rn . I p m. and 3 pm 

 tilt off 

NIGHTFLIGHT 

■ 
“Millionaire” 
I “Wild, Wild West 

“ Little Lord 
Fauntleroy” 

1am -6am 

Coogs sock 
SMU 
D A L L A S 
(A P ) 
- 
Houston’* Hubby Hollas cracked two home runs and drove in four more to pace the Cougars to ail 
8-6 Southwest Conference baseball victory over 
SMU here Friday. 

J a z z M in 
PH O EN IX. Ari/. (A P) 
— The New Orleans Jazz, with just seven men iii uniform because of an afternoon taxi t ab acci­ dent, parlayed 51 points by Pete Maravieh into a 
1o4-1 OO 
National 
Basketball Association victory over the Phoenix 
Suns Friday night. 
.lames McElroy, Aaron 
Jam es, Otto Moore, Bud 
Stallw o rth , and Nate 
W illiam s were injured when the taxicab in which they were riding collided with another car at a Phoenix intersection early Friday afternoon 

D EN VER (AP) — A ruling by a three-judge panel of the 1oth 
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reinstated on Friday a Utah television blackout of the NCAA 
West Regional Championship 
Basketball game in Provo, Utah. 

The panel overturned an order by 
W illis Ritter, U.S. District Court chief judge for Utah to allow the Saturday afternoon Idaho State-Nevada-Las Ve­ gas game to be televised in tile state. 
Order 
Hitter issued the order T hursday in 
Salt Lake City just two hours before the start of the Nevada-Utah NCAA semifinals match, which Nevada won, 
88-83. 
Friday s ruling came in an appeal by tin* NCAA of a suit filed by Salt Lake lawyers Robert Peterson and Richard 
Allred. 
The suit contended the Utah tele­ vision blackout ordered by the NCAA violated antitrust rules and that there were irregularities in ticket sales which resulted in inadequate time lur unsold tickets allotted out-of-state schools to bv returned and sold in 
Hah. 
The NCAA filed the appeal less than 
45 minutes before the Nevada-Utah game was to begin, but Court of Ap­ peals Clerk Howard Phillips said the appeal came too late and no action was taken Thursday. 
However. Phillips said the matter was submitted to the court Friday and 
Judges Robert M cW illiam s, Jean 
Breitenstein and William Doyle over­ turned Ritter's order. 
The Nevada-Utah game was tele­ vised by Salt Lake station KU TV. No request was made to allow KUTV to broadcast the second semifinals game 
Thursday, iii which Idaho State beat 
UCLA 76-75 
NBC broadcast both games region­ ally. 
KU TV was not a party to the suit. 
But KU TV sports director Bill Mar- eroft said the station had planned to broadcast tilt* Idaho Statc-Nevada re­ gional final. 
However, Marcroft said the station has a contractual agreement with 
NHC, which has an agreement with the 
NCAA, and will abide by the Circuit 
Court's ruling. 

Finch hangs tough 

By MIKE BRUTON 
OF TKF LXPKESS NEW S STAFF 

Anyone who sac the North 
East Invitational track meet knows who Vicky Finch is, especially if they were present at Blossom Athletic Center 
Thursday afternoon for the girls’ division field events. 

MELISSA BELOTE of Arizona State is shown winning the 4 o o indi­ vidual medley at Brown University Friday night. — AP W irephoto 
Cowens paces 
Celtic victory 

FOMOFILL-NEW! 

General Purpose Polyurethane Foam 
STOP AIR INFILTRATION . . 
SAVE ENERGY........... 

A READY TO USE ONE COMPONENT FOAM 
EASY TO USE— 18 OZ. CAN YIELDS 
UP TO 4 GALLONS OF FOAM. 

CAVITY FILLING FOAM, SEALS AND INSULATES 

FOMO OCF stops air infiltration, air leakag e, adds strength, insulates for heat & sound to SAVE ENERGY use around w indow s, doors, base plates, siding, sheafing and joints, plumbing fixtures and refrigeration (cooling) systems. 

IN STOCK NOW AT 
PITH PT?^ 
PAINT & WALLPAPER CO. 
|% I \ i I rn I i I l l # 
1623 NO. MAIN 
PHONE 227-8194 

BOSTON (A P ) — Two free throws by 
Dave Cowens with 48 seconds to play lifted the Boston Celtics to a 98-96 victory over the Atlanta Hakws in a 
National Bascctball Association game 
Friday night. 
Cowens had IO of his 18 points in the final period and the Boston center made a crucial block of Hawk John 
Brown s shot in the final two seconds. 
Boston led by Kl for most of the game, but John Drew brought the 
Hawks back to within two, 89-87, with 
5:36 to play. Drew led all scorers with 
38 points, but his desperation shot from 25 feet out alter Cowells' block went wide at the buzzer. 
Jo Jo White and Curtis Rowe topped 
Boston with ‘2(1 points each, and for­ ward Sidney Wicks added 17 for the 
Celtics. Center Steve Hawes tallied 17 

( l a v s r o l l 

U N IO N D A L E , 
N Y . 
(A I*) — Foots W alker and Dick Snyder led a fourth-quarter comeback as the 
Cleveland 
C avaliers erased an eight-point deficit and beat the New York Nets . 
Itll-88 rn a National Bas­ ketball Association game 
Friday night. 
Two free throws by 
Mike Bantom vv it ii 8 46 to go in the final period gave the Nets their big­ gest lead at 79-71, hut after thai the Cavaliers outscored them *2o-3 to turn the game around. 
Cleveland ripped off IO straight points to take the lead for the first time 
81-79 oil the last of three consecutive baskets by 
W alker. A goaltcnding call against Cuvs center 
Jim (hones permitted the Nets to tie the score, hut ( hones put Cleveland ahead for good at 83-81 by hitting a jumper with 
4:46 to play. 

C L E V E LA N D (IO O: B Sm ith J 
I 7 I. B 'e w e r / I S IS, thongs ti 
7 3 74. C a n 6 I I 13, (.(canions 6 
I t l l . W alker 6 7 3 ll. L a m h e rt I 
o-o 
Snyder 3 J 3 9 I 
Sm ith I 7 ? 
4. br O ku* o o o o. Totals 44 13 7o 
IQI 
N E W Y O R K ( l l ) : D avis 7 I 7 5, 
Buntom IO 4 IO 14 Hughes 7 o o 4 v an B re d a Kottt SOO (o, Skinnei 3 
5 / ll. Uassett I o o 7. M o w kun 9 
6 7 74. Fox 4 o o 8 Tolyls 36 16 76 
88 
Cleveland 
18 17 27 34—1o1 
N e * Y ork 
22 26 21 19-18 
F o u le d o u i 
N o n e 
T o lo l louts—C leveland IS. N e * York 21 
T e c h n ic a l — N e * Y o r k C o a c h 
L a u g h e rv A - 8 663 

S o n i c s w in 

DETROIT 
(AP) 
- 
Fourth-quarter scoring sprees by Fred Brown and Dennis Johnson ena­ bled the Seattle Super­ sonics to fight off tile 
Detroit Pistons in the closing seconds and gain a 1o5-1o4 National Bas­ ketball 
Association 
I v ictorv Friday night. 
Brown had eight points and Johnson six in tlit* last period while the Pis­ tons rallied from a 
115 pomt deficit iii the 
II third period to pull with­ in a point of the Sonics with *25 seconds to go. 
Detroit regained the ball ll seconds later but a fine defensive play by ll M ike (Ween tied up the 
Pistons’ Leon Douglas and forced a jump ball with one second remain­ ing 

S E A T T L E I IQS): Sea's, S I ? " . 
W ilk in son I OO 4 Burleson 4 5 11 
I I b i o * n I 4 5 IS. W a lls IU I 4 27. j Jo hnson 5 I } I? G re e n 6 J 4 15, 
Ffur *OOd 2 6 7 IO. L o v e o o o o 
Totals 41 73 35 1o5 

D E T R O I T (1o4); R o tte r I I 7 
15 C OI r J 4 5 IO, Douglas 6 6 7 18 
F o r a 4 o o 8 k 
Cotter S i t It. b a irn , 1 4 6 6 Money Ii i i 26 t b ernard 3 7 7 8 Sim pson 1o 17. 
B ro w n OO OO Totals 42 7o 77 1o4 
Seattle 
3o 27 23 11-1o5 
Detroit 
16 25 33 3o-1o4 
Toto! touts 
Seattle 24 . D etroit 
I 26 F ooled out— none A — 1o,522. 

 for /Xtlanta. 
Boston trailed 13-8 in the early going, but Cownes led a 15-3 run and Boston went ahead 23-16 with 3L2 minutes to go in the period. 
Rowe and White kept the Celtics in the lead throughout the half. Drew scored 17 of hts points in the second period, and the Hawks pulled to within three, 36-33. But Boston surged to a 
55-43 halftime lead. 

A T L A N T A (96): O r e * t J I? 16 38, R o b inson 5 2 2 
I?, H ow es 5 7 7 1 7, H ill 2o o 4. C harles 6 2 2 14, B ro w n 
1 13 3, B a rk e r o o o o Sotourner 7 O O 4. D icke n so n o 
O O o. Denton 7 o o 4 T otols 36 74 3o 96 
B O S T O N (98): Saund ers 2 o o 4. R o w e 8 7 4 18. 
Cowens 6 6 6 IB. W hite 8 4 5 7o. H a vh ce k 6 7 4 14. 
W ick s B i t t / . Stacom 7 t ? 5. Bosw ell oo oo. W ilso n 
o o o o. K u b ersk! I o o 2 Totals 41 16 27 98 
A tlanta 
22 21 28 2S-96 
Boston 
79 2 6 26 1 7 - 98 

Fouled o u t—C harles. W icks Totoi F o u ls - A tla n ta 
27 Boston 26 
T e ch n ica ls— A tlanta Cooch B ro w n 
A — I J.4! 5 
T rinity socked 

Hardin-Simmons pitcher Roger Con­ nell limited Trinity to just three lilts 
Friday night as the Cowboys whipped the Tigers. 5-1, at E M . Stevens Field in the first of a three-game series. 
The teams will complete the set with a 1:3o p.i i i . tvv nihil! Saturday at 
Stevens Field. 
Connell (1-2) got all the runs he needed when Phillip Tippen smacked a two-run homer in the fourth. 
Trinity (6-12) got one of those flack iii tile fifth, parlaying a walk, sacrifice, stolen base and an error into a run. 
Ruben Lozano, who got one of the three 
TC lilts, walked, moved to second on a 
Rich Squilla sacrifice, stole third and scored a miscue by second baseman 
Rusty Ratline. 
The Cowboys (111-8) added three insurance runs off losing pitcher 
Robert Ahrens (o*3) in the eighth. 
Larry Tatum doubled and Tippen walked. Ahrens got the next two liar- dui-Simmons hatters, but Rusty Dobbs reached on an error by third baseman 
Jim Summerset!, loading the bases. 
H A R D IN S IM M O N S 3. T R IN IT Y I 
H a rd in Sim m ons 
OOO 7oo OJO — 5 
6 
7 
Trinity 
OOO o1o OOO - I 
J 
J 
Connell grid M cP h e rs o n , A hrens. F ish e r 18) and 
Von B eh re n H R — H ard in Sim m ons. Tip p en, one on in fourth 
31 -A A AA stars picked 

Six different schools are represented on the District 31-AAAA girls’ All-Dis­ trict basketball team announced 
Friday. 
F IR S T T E A M 
Livo Levingsion, edison, Sr , F , C h e ry l A sh ley, sam Houston. Sr 
F . Debbie O tivo re s. b u rb an k . 
Sr 
F 
Lu W o n d a H artm an, H ig hland s, Sr 
I G . 
O w e n W ils o n 
Je f fe r s o n 
S o p h . F O . 
Ju n t o 
G on/aies W heatley, Jr , F G 
S E C O N D T E A M 
T e rry M otlrh. Son* Houston 
Soph , G 
G lo ria 
A lv arad o La n ier 
Jr , F O 
K a th y G u / n ig n b ur bonk. S o p h . F G 
Rho nau H u b b a rd 
Je tfe rs o n 
Soph 
I 
S h e ryl Cam pbell. Fhghluid s. Soph . F O . 
K a rla B a k e r. Fox T eih. jr ., F O 

The long-limbed lass from Roosevelt broke records in the long jump and triple jump with marks of 17-9 and 
35-2. respectively in Thursday’s action. 
And came back Friday to take her third first of the meet by winning the 
22o-yard dash, in the absence of Hous­ ton's premier sprinter Debra Pennix, with a time of 26.o. Finch also ran an­ chored Roosevelt’s third-place winning 
44(1 relay and second-finishing 88o re­ lay. 
But Roosevelt could only manage second place in the team standings with 8o*7 points as the powerful Ma­ cArthur team racked up 14o to win. 
Clay tough 
In the boys’ division M arshall's 
Randy Clay was a double winner, tak­ ing firsts in the 12o high hurdles and the 33o intermediates with times of 14.4 and 38.9. 
But Clay wasn’t particularly satis­ fied with his performance. /\fter run­ ning a 14 I (best mark thus far in the city) in the highs in Friday morning’s prelims. Clay had this to say about his showing in the finals, “ it wasn't a real good raee. I ’ve been working pretty hard, but there’s nobody to push me in the highs.” 

Anderson, too 

State-leading miler Mark ;Xnderson of Jay was also dissatisfied with his first-place finish of 4:17.6. Anderson led the next closest miler in the state by IO seconds after running a 4:14.o9 lust week. 

Anderson, still winded from his race, called his performance, “ not very good." The blond haired runner ad­ ded. “ The first lane is real loose. I ran almost the whole race in the second lane. 

The 88o-yard dash was a smoker, as three of the state's top half milers lowered their times. Fox Tech’s Leon 
Banks won the race at 1:56.o with 
Churchill’s Don Jones nudging out 
Houston's David Collier for second at 
1:56.7. 

Churchill won the boys’ div ision with 
97 points, followed by Ja y (7U) and 
Houston (61). 

G IR LS D IV IS IO N 
Team Results — M a c A rth u r 14o. Ro osevelt 8o :. 
Houston 71 
C h u rrh ill 58 
C lem ens 48 . 
M ar shall 43, Le e 4o. (tie I Jud so n and Fox Tech IO. 
Jetterson 9, Ja y 8. A lam o H eights 7. H ighlands o 
44o Relay — 
I 
Houston (S h e n n e Taylor 
B e lly 
Pennix, Shirley O N eal. L iso M c G o r ily l SOT). 
7. 
M acA rth u r 51o. 3. R o osevelt 51 7 
88o Dash — 
I 
C a r o ly n L o p e r 
M a c A rth u r , 
7 78 6, 7 Solly Jo n es, C h u rch ill 7 79.3, 3. B a rb a ra 
Millis, Churchill, 2 JO.3. 
44o Dash — 
I B e v e rly P o rte r, M a c A rth u r, 59 I; 
2 
Yvonne D avila. Lee, I OI o; J 
P h y llis D avis, 
Houston I o2.1 
22o Dash — 
I 
V ic k y F in ch , Roosevelt. 76 o; 7. 
B i tty Pe n n ix , H o usto n. ?6 J . 
3 
S h a * n a P r a t t. 
M arshall. 76.8 
8o Hurdles — 
I 
D a r la D u n d as, M a c A rth u r, l l 
J 
S h a n H o p k in s . L e e . 
I I . J ; 
J 
M e lin a 
G o ite rs. Churchill. II 4 
IOO Dash — 
I 
L A n n a H o * a r d . 7 /ocA rlh u r, l l 7 
7 
S y lv ia G o d fr e y C C le m e n s . I I 7 . 
J. 
T a viol. Houston. 11 8 
M il* Run — 
I 
C v n lh ia R o m o s . Fox te c h . 
5 54 4, 7 
C h ris ty B r a u e . C h u r c h ill 5 54 9. 
J. 
B a rb a ra Coy. M a c A rth u r, 6 o7 o 
88o Relay — 
I 
Houston iB 
Pe n n ix . G N eal. 
T a y lo r. B a r b a r a W e s t ! 
I 45 8. 
7 
R o o s e v e lt. 
I 47 8. J M ac A rth u r. I 19 I 
M ile Relay — 
I 
M o t Ar thor 
(P o r t e r , t i s a 
Sim m o ns, C o oer. D u n d a s l 4 14 o. 
2 
C le m e n s 
4 15 4. 3 Church ill 4 18 o 

BOYS D IV IS IO N 
Team Results — 
C hurch ill 97 j a y 7o, Houston 
61. M a rs h a ll S i. H ig h la n d s 57, F o x 
Tech 33, 
Jetterson 37, L e e 73, M a c A rth u r 77, (b e l C lem ens and Judson 19, Ro osevelt 8, A lam o H eights /. L u s t 
Central o 
44o R e lay — 
I 
H ig hland s ( G a r y B ra d s h u * . 
Cim a Thornton 
Ronnie Drysdale 
Ldcbo Du P o n d 
42 V 
2 Houston i i V . 3. Jo y 43 J 
88o Dash — 
I Leon Bonks, Fox Tech, 1:56 o, 7. 
Don Jo nes, C h u rch ill, 
I 56 7, 
J 
D a v id C o llie r, 
Houston, I 56 I 
Shot Put — 
I M u rh n G u e rre ro Judson. 55 o. 7 
C la r io n E yich eso n , C h u rch ill, 54 1 .. 
J. Ja m e s 
Head ier. M arsh a ll, 5J 7 . 
12o Hurdles — 
I 
R an d y Cloy M a rsh a ll, l l 4 
2, 
Thornton. H ighlands. 146, J. B a rn e y Alien, HOOS' 
Ion, 15 o 
High Jump — 
I 
(W a r ie r Ph illip s, Lee, 6 6 
7 
Alien Houston, 6 5, 3 C harles Sto n ier. Le e H e w e r m isses! 6 4 
4 M urk Anderson. Clem ens, 6 4 
IOO Dash — 
I 
Jo e M o rriso n . H ouston, IOO. 7 
Tim m y Leuth, Roosevelt, IOO . 3 Edda* Ja c k s o n . 
Houston, IO I 
Long Ju m p — I D a rie n G ran t, M a t A rthur. 2? o. 
7 
D a v id T e d d o r, M a c A r t h u r . J I v ., J 
K e n o 
M i Keri/ic Jo y , 21 9 
44o Gosh — 
I 
R ick N e e ly . C h u rc h ill, 49 4 
7 
Ronnie D nsdote. H ig hland s. 5o o, J Kern H o w ell. 
Churchill, 5oo 
Oiscus — I H e a d ie r. M a rsh a ll. 164 4 ,« J D anny 
B u llated , Jo y . I S M , J G u e rre ro . Jud so n, U S V 
JIO Hurdles — 
I 
C lay, M arsh a ll, J8 9 
? K enny 
Perron . Jo y 4o 7. J M alco lm B ra d fo rd . Ja y . 4o J 
Pole Vault — I A nthony Russell. C h u rch ill U 6. 
7 I lie I Randy Tanusim , C hurch ill ond Jo hn A ustin, 
A ig m g H eig h ts. I J o F e w e r m is s e s ). J G e o rg e 
Hobbs, M arsh all, 11 g, 4 D avid Johnston, Ju y , I J o. 
5 M ke Shearer C h u rch ill, H O 
22o Dash — I R a y O ubre. Clem ens. 2? 6. 2 Steve 
Rodriguez C h u rch ill, 72 7. J M ik e Jo hnson. Roo seven. 27 I 
M ile Run — 
I 
M a rk A nderson. Ja y , 4 17.6. 7. 
R eed G ab riel M a rs h a ll 4 3j 8. J 
Ro b ert O r o n o . 
F ox tee n 4 37 8 
M ile R e la y — 
I 
C h u rc h ill (M is e B u sto s. D on 
Jones k ent Howell, B ick N e g ly) J 74 o, I Je tterso n 
J 75 J J Highlands J 7> 4 
Foreman suffers mild concussion 

SAN JU A N , F R. ( A F ) - 
George Foreman remained ho­ spitalized Friday, the result of dehydration and a slight con­ cussion, while promoter Don 
King mused about a Muhammad 
AU light in Havana and Jimmy 
Young awaited the next deve­ lopment in a suddenly booming career. 
"The doctors have decided lo keep hiin iii until tomorrow and let him rest.’’ Foreman's secretary, ( ariette 
Jackson, said Friday after the former heavsweight champion's upset loss to 
Young Thursday night. 
Miss Jackson said that “ heat pros­ tration is the only thing wrong with 

 him. All the tests are A-OK. 
It was hot as the devil in there.” said Foreman, referring lo the ring conditions at the Hitherto Clemente 
Coliseum 
But a hospital source also said that 
Foreman had suffered a slight con­ cussion. foreman said, “ I though I won the light. I thought I won Hie first seven rounds and the Kith “ 
However, on the cards of two of three officials, Young was a comfortable winner, a winner even before lie knocked down Foreman iii the 12th and final round. I hat knockdown also made Young a winner on the third of­ ficial's card. 
“ All I want to do is walk on tile l>eaeh ami cat ice cream ," said Foreman, who plans lo luke a six-week vacation. 

T ides 
' n tim es 

T ID E S 
P ort A ran sas 
M a rch I * 
M a rc h 2o 

Lo 
8 15o rn. l o 9:22 a m 
Hi 
I 32 a m. h i 2 12 a m 
Lo 
8:43 p m 
L o 9: 18 p m 
Hi 
2:56 p m. 
Hi 2 36 p.m. 

P o rt Isabel 
M a rc h 19 
M a rc h 2o 
Lo 
9 :3 o o .rn. 
L o 1o:o9 a m. 
Hi 
4:51-o rn. 
H i 
5:41 a rn 
Lo 
9:35 p m . 
L o 1o:o3 p m 
Hi 
5:19 p m . 
Hi 5:33 p m 

S U N R IS E -S U N S E T 
M A R C H 
M a rc h 2o 
Rise 6: 39 a rn. 
R is e 6:38 a rn. 
Set 6 45 p.m. 
Set 6:45 p m . 

M O O N R IS E -M O O N S E T 
M a rch 19 
M a r c h 2o 
Rise 6:26a rn 
R ise I o2 a rn. 
Set 6 56 p m 
Set / 49 p m. 

M P O N P H A S E S 
N ew moon M arch 19 
F irs! a u o rte r: M a rc h 22 
Full moon A pril 4 
Last auorter: A p ril IO 

Outdoors w ith Dan R ilopprr 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March I 9 19 7 7__ * 

Cold, dry winter might hurt ducks 

Lamar 

 adds 

Clark 

BEAUMONT (A P) - 
.lim Clark, assistant de­ fensive secondary coach at Southern Methodist 
University, has been named linebacker coach at Lamar University. 

('lark replaces Dan 
Hooks, who resigned to become defensive coor­ dinator at West Orange 
High School. 

Clark lettered three years at Oklahoma State as a defensive back and a receiver from 196H-88. 
/★converse 
CUSTAR 

THE $ 
SHOE 1295 

» 
Ll ISI K E S I'O IIT 

 n a n M i n i \ 

2 i i \ . s t . n u n 
> 
THEE r I S K I M , 
II I I H HI IU ll ISL 

M H I I l l s ! n i 
‘hums i ii i i i I i i i n 

Snow reports from Canada in­ dicate a cold, dry winter across most of the prairie provinces could adversely affect waterfowl populations this year. 

It is hoped that heavy spring snows and rains will prevent a poor spring runoff, lf the snows and rains do not come, the number of ponds, potholes and other wetlands used by waterfowl for nesting will be reduced. 
“ .January and February weather did not significantly improve already dry conditions in the principal waterfowl breeding provinces of Alberta. Sas­ katchewan and Manitoba,” reports biologists with Ducks Unlimited. 

“ Precipitation has been 5o per cent 

 below normal in large areas of both 
Manitoba and Saskatchewan. Snow­ pack conditions in Alberta range from abote normal to insignificant.” 

Texas weather certainly Is no less predictable than that of the Canadian prairies, and the way things are going, we could experience another extremely dry spring and summer. 
Fortunately, lakes are in good shape, but if the first half of the year is dry and farmers in the Valley need large amounts of water for irrigation. Falcon and Amistad could be drawn down and not replenished by snow runoff from the Rockies. 
A dry spring and summer also could hamper 1977 production of quail, tur­ keys and antler growth on whitetail bucks. 
Big bass tournament 
The fourth annual Big Bass Tourna­ ment sponsored by Mursch Sports 
Headquarters on Medina Lake will be held April 3. 
Cash or merchandise prizes will be offered the top 2o fishermen. First place will be worth $75o and. a free mount; second place. $25o; third. $125; and fourth and fifth. $1oo each 
Contestants must register at Mursch 
Sports, o132 Bandera before ti p.m. 
April 2. 
Entry fee for the tournament is $15 per person. 
Headquarters for the contest will be located at the public boat ramp at the end of Park Road 37. Fishing hours will be from 6:3o a.m. to 5 p.m. 
★ * * 

A Colorado ice fishermen who caught 

 an illegal trout was caught by surprise this winter when up skated a game warden to issue a citation. 

Although Warden .Jim Houston of the 
Gunnison area was a little rusty at skating, he managed to check ice fi­ shermen in a 1o-mile circle during a day on the blades. 
More Saturday short shots 

And Caldwell County .Judge Leonard 
Scott was surprised when he an­ nounced that he would seek an end to deer hunting in the county. 
Very few hunters complained to the judge, but residents of the eastern section of the county did. They promptly let the judge know that it is impossible to grow vegetables in some parts of the county because of the deer. 

The judge changed his mind about 

 closing the deer season, but he still hopes to have the quail season cut in half in order to increase the number of quail in the county. 

.Judge Scott has another surprise coming. He can eliminate the quail season entirely, and it won t increase the quail population. Ohio had a closed season on quail for 5o years, and there weren’t any more quail around when the closed season ended than there were when it began. lf Caldwell County landowners want more quail, all they have to do is de­ velop more and better quail habitat. 
They’ll soon learn they can’t stockpile the short-lived little birds. 
★ ★ ★ 
Still on the subject of surprises, there were some bewildered pheasants in Matagorda County earlier this month when wildlife biologists dropped nets on them from a heli­ copter. Those pheasants probably thought they had encountered a hawk to end all hawks. 
The method of capturing birds was developed nine years ago by the Texas 
Parks and Wildlife Department when the Air Force needed some prairie chickens moved. The chickens were using landing strips as booming grounds. 

The device developed is a circular 

 net attached to the skids of a heli­ copter. The birds, which couldn't be trapped on the ground because of wet conditions, were flushed by the copter, then pursued until they tired. The copter then hovered over the bird, and the net was dropped. 

It took biologists only a couple of hours to capture seven pheasants. The birds were fitted with transmitters so that their movements can be followed, then released. 

Gant puts it straight 

In broad bold stripes and contrasting collar to set this cool and comfortable all-cotton knit apart from the rest of the crowd. It’s definitely not just another shirt. 
16.5o 

Frank Bros. 

On A lam o Plaza 
C entral Park M all 
W indsor Park M all 

Dodgers select advisory board 

An Advisory Board, which will serve as a steering committee to promote San Antonio’s pro baseball team was announced Friday by owner Wally Moon. 

The nine member board is made up business and professional leaders in San 
Antonio. 
Moon said the board was formed “ to lend its experience and knowledge of San 
Antonio and the community at large” to General Manager Wally .Joe Moon in his first year with the club. 

Named to the board were: 
.John Barger, vice-president and general manager, radio station WOA1; Bob 
Farmer. Sigmor Oil Company; Dr. .J..J. Maniatis, dentist; .John Monfrey, beer distributor; Tom Murrah, president, .Jefferson State Bank; Is. Charles Neely, 
Knowlton’s Dairy; Bill Schliek, Estate Management Group; Joe Ii. Straus, .Jr., 
Frank Co.; and Lyle Van Doozer, General manager. Gebhardt’s. 

COMPLETE 
CB RADIO SERVICE 

WE SERVICE A LI M A K IS OE 
CB RADIOS A ACCESSORIES 
J ' 
• Worranty Station—Mott Major Brandt 

• First Clatt FCC licensed Technicians 
• latest 23 i 4o chnl. AM/SSB/Mobile Tttt 
» 
. 
. 
. 
. 
- 
-- 
Equipment 

• 24 hr. Repairs in Mott Cato! 

3 
4 
9 
. 4 
4 
6 
5 

Communications,Etc. 

Dyer says "1o-4 to low 

/ / 

Full legal pow er 
23-channel C.B. Radio 
• RF Gain • Delta-tune 
Deal 
• Noise limiter • PA/CB 

 o b r a Model 26 
$7 o 77 
Dyer ta i the best sound on wheelsl 

C Z J ^ X I C 

T-6o2 

In-dash A M /F M 
Cassette 

Complete car stereo in­ cluding Craig 9414. 
Speakers and installation 
$|E A 77 

INSTALLED 

M TMK PJRNRRRI 
SU M R TUBBER! 

KP-5oo 
O O o o O j 

 r n 
SUPERTUNER 
Cassette 
Complete car stereo in­ cluding Pioneer TS-16o speakers and installation 

* 1 9 9 ” 
[INSTALLED] 

P IO N E E R 

KP-292 

Under-dash 
Cassette 
Complete car stereo in­ cluding Pioneer P-16L 
Speakers and installation 
$11O77 
I wk T [ i k k i 
I in s t a l l e d ! 

$-68o 

POWiRPLAY 
In-dash A M /F M 
8-track 

C o m p le te t a r s te re o in c lu d in g 
Pion e er TS-16o speakers and installation 
$1 OO77 
I T Tons1 
INSTALLED 
Dyer gives you more 

KEIMWOOD 

Complete System 

The K e n w o o d KH 3 6 o o s te re o receiver has all Hie features you w o u ld pick tor a receiver its w i ­ th e 22 w a tts per channel iielivi-t ta ll d is to rtio n fret- so u n d an d 
K en w o o d -> reputation tor reliatxl it y gives you m uch peace Of m ind 

• 
IB I a. the m ost t un our 

• A tx lull tut 
, 
: tun hemal it p layer hest describe-, the w .od K O ' O i l turntab le q uiet belt dove viscous CU 
« oriveneert controls walnut and broiled dust cover Indue tim f* AC Pickering cartridge 

 int# in stereo speakers and the L tho m ost popular 
JB L 
This tw o w ay speaker system 
■* j IO inch w oofer will rn.A e you swear there - much inside 
In w hite oak veneer with choice of ijnll. 

J 

 rn DYER jQ DEAL i 579 

Technics 

*4 
Ah 

Complete System 

T h is 12 w a tt p i e c h u n n e l f. 
I. 
• J o n a n j mc*. SA 6 o 6 o is as lux- a r. 
.•,/♦* 
.in tu rn ii of its w e o n th .- (m irk .-I to d a , this* (c ir f u ll c o m p le m e n t u t inputs p in , s n im tape m o n ito r in tl < in a b ility m akes 
C o m l .let th is .1 System to ' | iow /n th 
N--W and you can till your hom e w ith sound it a b ud ge t p ic »- 
. 

T ile u ttr aline ar I OOH is th e m o d popular speak. has ever h a n d le d 
A th re e w a y spe.ikt-r with w o o le r, c irc u it bleaker p f u t... te d 
1,11 five Veal a n d labor w a n in ly C h o rt# o f ry ii.- p a tte rn s tin t 

-Ob 

DYER 
DEAL *349 

© T D K 

V 

State of the Art 
Super Avilyn 
Cassettes 

B LA N K 
TAPE 

$2 

12oo feet 
Professional Q uality 
Reel Tape 
69 

SA-C6o 
* 4 99 

1-12oo 

4o Channel 

C J & 3 * R a d i o n i y r n n r , , w /D ig ita l Readout 
DYER DEAL 
*119" 

O Foil 4o channel • Squelch 

• Dimmer control • RA tw itch 

# S RF meter • A N I tw itch 

(dyer electronics warehouse 

6ankAm(Nicarc{ 
■ 

OPEN SATURDAY 
6 7 3 4 San Pedro 
828-2231 

OPEN SUNDAY 
^ 
4311 Fredericksburg CSlfcSli 
735-9276 

H 
Son Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Saturday March 19 1977 
Braves win 

WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. 
(A P) — Rod Gibreath drilled three hits, including a three-run homer, and drove in four runs 
F riday to power the Atlanta 
B r a v e s to a 1o-4 exh ibition baseball victory over the Balti­ more Orioles. 

G ilb re a th also had a single, a double 

 anil a s t o le n b a s e a s th e B r a v e s pounded four B altim o re p itc h e rs for IO hits. .Jerry R o y s te r, .Jeff B u r r o u g h s and G a ry M atthew s each had two hits for the Braves. 
Ken Singleton drove in th ree B a lti­ m o re r u n s w ith a solo h o m e r a n d a bases-loaded single 
R ig h t-h an d er Dick R uthven pitched five innings and g ave up all four B al­ tim o re ru n s. Steve K line h u rle d four scoreless innings in relief. 

At V e r o B r o t h . F lo 
M o n tre o i ( N I 
OOO IOO oo7— 3 8 J 
L o * A n g e le s ( N I OOO OOO 23* — S 6 
o 
C a r r o ll, O r ie l 
(4 ), L o rtd re th 
(7) a n d C a rte r; Sutton, D o w n in g 
<6), L e w o llv n (9), F e r r y (9) a n d 
Y e a g e r 
W - D o w n i n g 
L — L o n d re th 
H R — LOS A n g e le s, 
Y e age r 

At St. P e t e rs b u rg , FIO 
N e w Y o r k ( N I OOO IOO OOO 1— 7 7 
o 
St L o u is ( N ) 
IOO OOO OOO o — 1 I I 

Sw a n . P a c e lla (4), G ro s e (A). 
L o c k w o o d 
(8 ) a n d S t e a r n s , 
H o d g e s (A ); 
F a lc o n e . W a lk e r 
(8). U r r e a (7), Sutton (IO ) a n d 
R a d e r , 
R a d o lo h 
< I ). 
VV— L o c k w o o d L - Sutton 

A t F o rt M y e r s , FIO 
S e co n d G a m e 
J In n tn q s 
C h ic a g o ( A ) 
OOI IOO o 4 — 8 17 I 
K a n s a s C ity ( A ) 1o1 OOO 7o— 4 s 
7 
F ro st, K ra v e c (4). C o rra l! (A), 
A n d e r s o n 
( 7 ) a n d 
E s s i g n , 
M a ssie r. M m g o r i ( I) , H a ll (S I, 
O ls e n 
(71 a n d 
P o r t e r 
W — A n d e r s o n 
L • O l s e n 
H R — K a n s a s C ity, Poau ette .? 

At O rla n d o . F la 
C in cin n a ti ( A ) 
OOO oo7 H O — 4 I * o 
M in n e so ta ( A ) o7.1 o io OO*— A 
9 
4 
H um e, A lc a la (4), S c a rc e (7) a n d W e r n e r , P l u m m e r 
( 7 ) , 

NOW! 

Pon e , T h o r m o d sg a r d <51, J o h n son (7) a n d W v n e g o r W — B on e 
L — H u m e 
H R s — M in n e s o t a . 
W y n e g o r. S m a lle y , H isle . C in 
Clnnoti. K nigh t, D rle sse n 

At D u n e d in . F in 
H ou ston ( N I 
OOO 14o H O — 7 17 7 
T oronto ( A ) 
OO? O il ooo— 4 
8 I 
So m bito. K o n ie c m v (S I, B a n nister (7) o nd H e rrm a n n . B o ld w in (8); G o rv ln , A lle n (4), D o r r 
(7) a n d R o o t 
W — K o n ie c m v 
L - A l l e n . 
H R S — H o u s t o n , 
C. 
Joh n so n ; Toronto, Root 

At w e st P a lm B e a ch . F lo 
B altim o re ( A ) OOO 13o OOO— 4 I ? 
7 
A tlanta ( N ) o33 7oo 7 o *— IO IO I 
F o r d . S t e in (4 ), M il le r (A ). 
P a rro tt (Bl a nd S k a g g s , S h o o o v 
IS ) ; 
R u t h v e n , K lin e (A l a n d 
C o rre l! 
W — R u th v e n 
L ~ F o r d 

 h P s - A t la n t a . G ilb r e a t h 
B a i tim ore, Singleto n 

At B ra d e n to n . FIO 
D etroit ( A l 
17o IOO O O ?- A 
9 3 
P ittsb u rg h ( N I 131 OO? IO * — IO I i 
4 
B a re . G r im (4 ). A r r o y o (7) a n d W o r k e n t u s s , P a r r i s h (8 ); 
R o u ss, D e m e r y (A), T e k u lv e (9) a n d O v e r . O M (A) 
W — R e u s s 
L - B a re 
H R — P ittsb u rg h , 
R o b in so n 

At C le a rw a te r, F lo 
B osto n (A ) 
7o3 H O o o o - 1 ? I * t 

M P W 

V V 

IIN., 

COMPLETE CESSNA 
PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING 

IN C L U D IN G : 

• 3S HOURS OF FUGH! IN « 1977 CESSNA I SO 
• TO HOURS OF QUAI FUGH? TRAINING WITH YOUR INSTRUCTOR 

• CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM 

• PIOTTER, PUNNER, COMRUTOR 

• LOG IO O ! 
• TRAINING SYLURUS 
• 1977 CESSNA ISO COMMUTER PILOT OPERATING HANDBOOK 
• CESSNA MANUAL OF FLIGHT 

• CESSNA PRIVATE PILOT W oRKIoOK 

• CESSNA PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING RECORD FOLDER 

• 35 HOURS OF GROUND TRAINING 

• COMPLETE CESSNA AUDIO VIDUAl LIBRARY USAGE 
COMPLETE 
PACKAGE $895 

METRIC AIRMOTIVE INC. 
ROOSEVELT AND 99TH AVE. 
S A N A N T O N IO , T E X A S 7 8 2 1 4 
512-922-2747 • 924-7375 

P h ila d e lp h ia ( N ) OOO H O o6o— 8 ll 7 
Lee, Stan le y (61, C a m p b e ll (9) a n d F i s k . M o n t g o m e r y 
( S I , 
L e r c h , R e e d ( 4 ) , S e o n e 
(6 ) , 
S c h o o le r 
(8), B o ita n o (9) a n d 
Boone. B la c k w e ll (8), N o h n ro d n y 
(9 ) 
W — 
L e e 
L L c r c b 
H R — B o s t o n , 
L y n n , 
E v a n s ; 
P hila d e lp h ia. M a d d o x 

At Te m pe , A r u 
C a lifo rn ia ( A ) o8o tot 17o— 13 19 
I 
Seattle ( A ) 
IOO OOO o4o— S 
8 S 
Sim p so n , D r a g o (S), K a h o u lu o 
(RI o n d H u m p h r e y . W h e e lo c k . 
S e g u i 
( 6 ) a n d 
S t in s o n . 
W -S im p s o n L — W h ee lo ck 

At F o rt M y e r s , FIO. 
F ir s t G a m e 
7 In n in g s 
C h ic a g o ( A ) 
131 o1o o— 6 IO o 
K a n s a s C ity ( A ) 
o7o OOI o - 3 
» S 
W ood. K n a p p 14), T c r lc r k y (6) a n d D u n c o n . 
B ir d . L ilie d ( S ), 
C r a m (7) a n d Potc.hin. G o u d e t 
(6 ) 
W — W o o d 
L — B i r d 

 h r s 
C h ica go . S p e n c e r. K o n s a s 
City, O tis 

At O rlan d o . F in 
C in cin n a ti (N ) OOO OO? 11o— 4 16 O 
M in n e so ta (A ) o73 o1o OO* —A 
9 
4 
H um e. A lc a la (4), S c a rc e (7). a n d W e rne r, P lu m m e r (7) 
B ane. 
T h o rm o d sg a rd (5). J o h n so n (7), a nd W y n e g o r. W B o n e 
L H u m e 
H R s M in n e so ta , W v n e g o r . Serial lev. 
H isle 
C in cin n a ti, 
K n igh t. 
D rie sse n 

At B ra d e n to n , FIO 
D e tro it ( A ) 
17o IOO oo7— 4 9 o 
P ittsb u rg h ( N I 133 oo? IO * — IO IS 
4 
B ore , G rim (4), A r r o y o (7) a n d 
W o ck e n tu ss. P a r r is h (9), R e u s s. 
D e m e ry (61, T e k u lv e (91 o n d 
O v e r , O M (6 ) 
W P - 
R e u S S 
L P — B o r e 
H R s P I t t s b u r g h , 
R o b in so n , O live r, 
Angels tough 

T E M P E , A n z. (A P ) - 
T h e C a li f o r n i a A n g e ls poured a c ro ss eight ru n s in the second inning and w ent on to whip Seattle 
13*5 in C actus L eag u e ex hibition play F rid a y . 
A b a s e s lo a d e d , two- r u n s i n g l e by 
R on 
J a c k s o n an d a tw o-run d ouble by T ony Solaita h i g h l i g h e d th e .Angel o u t b u r s t . S o la ita l a t e r singled in a third run and wound up with th ree hits. 
S e a tt l e s t a r t e r G a r y 
W heelock, going five in­ nings sor the first tim e, w as roughed up for nine r u n s by h is f o r m e r te a m m a te s. 
W a y n e S im p s o n a n d 
D ic k 
D r a g o c h e c k e d 
Seattle on four hits for s e v e n i n n in g s . 

T R Y 

Spray away squeaks, 

 stop rust, lubricate 

SALE! 
B E S T B U Y S F O B M A R C H 

 fart #14o11 
11.5 oz. can 

Mig Sugg 
Ult 1215 
Cath 5 Carry 

5 MINUTE 
EPOXY BOND 

Quick acting! 
Super atrrnqlh! fart *67o5 
69o 

Mig Su m . 
Ult 51.65 
Cash 6 Carry 

Vi 

 r a n n 
B R IN G T H IS CO UPO N 
999999^1 
OIL SALE 
KENDALL MOTOR OIL 

A top brand ... top quality 

Part No. 7113 
3o Wt 
57? 

M 248 

Part No. 7125 
1oW4o 
64? 
$1416 lr 

I thru April J, 1 9 7 7 
S A I 
Unit 2 Cates .. Cask A Carry m # 
, 
L l A A X X i A A A i H A A Al'AAAAAAAAA i r « 
SALE PRICES AT THESE PARTICIPATING BULL PARTS FUL-LINE ASSOCIATE 

S A N A N T O N IO : 

BAUMANN AUTO SUPPLY 
22o1 Cincinnati (# 1 ) 
734-7241 
5311 Jock wood (« 2 ) 
644-5713____________ 

BIANCO CAR PARTS, INC, 
4913 Blanco Rd. 
342-5264____________ 

HANCf AUTO PARTS 
So. Floras at Sussex 
923-4324 

LARRY’S AUTO PARTS 
4611 McCullough 
426-9641 

MOTOR MART 
512 So. W.W. White Rd. 

(lost) 
333-7191 
2422 !. Southcross 
$33-41o3 

WAYN! BUU CAR PARTS 
179o Austin Hwy. 
126-32o3 

4o2 Austin St. 
225-2946 

SAN ANTONIO: 
NKW RRAUNFILS: 

WAYNE BULL CAR PARTS 
WAYNE BUU CAR PARTS 
8934 Broadway 
828-5768 
154 Hwy. 81 Wast 
625-7563 
131 El Paso St. 
227-1328 

14o3 Fredericksburg Rd. 
PLEASANTON: 

735-5275 
PRUETT AUTO PARTS 
1438 Pal Booker Rd. 
1o7 Goodwin 
658-6355 
569-2522 

3o22 Pleasanton Rd. 
924-5591________________ 
SIO U IN : 
1315 So. Presa 
532-7336 
WAYNE BUU CAR PARTS 
4o4 W. Kingsbury 
OIL RIOZ 
379-4243 

SANCHEZ AUTO PARTS 
1o7 W. Martin 
(IVALDI: 
775-So36 
UVALDE AUTO PARTS 
FLORESVILLE: 
315 f. Main 
WILSON COUNTY AUTO PARTS 
278-56o9 
1319 1oth St. (Hwy. 181) 
393-2338 
VICTORIA: 
LARUM): 
SHIPLEY’S AUTO PARTS 
TOTH AUTO PARTS 
8o5 i. Rio Grand* 
516 Houston St. 
575-6466 
722-4624 

Swim 

SAC loses 

T he Bee County Bees held off a last inning rally by the San Antonio College 
R a n g e r s F r i d a y to sw ee p a ju n io r college d oubleheader at O lm o s P a rk 
T he Bees won the first g a m e , 8-1, and took the second. 7-6. d e sp ite a two-run o u tb u rst by the R a n g e rs in the second g am e 
T he two tea m s, who h ave a lre ad y played six g a m e s bag ain st e a c h oth er this season, will play a n o th e r d o u b ­ leheader at 
I 3o p m . S a tu rd a y in 
Beeville 
A three-run h o m er by B e n e Solis keyed a four-run th ird in n in g in the nightcap for Bee 

Billy Bailey and Rito G a rcia had two hits each for SAC in the op en er while 
Steve F re d e ric k , D ennis N ations and 
Mike Dum ont had two ap iece in the second gam e. 
SAC is now 2-1o on the y ear. Bee h as won five of the first six m eetin g s. L 

F ir s t G a m e 
OOI 133 o - 8 
OOO o1o o - 1 
B e llo w s 
O r t il 
— G a r c ia 
L — 

7 
I 
6 
8 
RO 
O rtir 

B ee 
S A C 
G o r d o . F i r o v a (6 ) a n d b rig u e r (SI o a d N o tio n s \N 
(CM) 
I 
Se co n d G a m e 
B ee 
o74 IOO o - 7 
8 
3 
SA C 
7o2 OOO ? 
6 T 
8 
4 
R o yc e o n d F iro v d F re d e ric k a n d N o tio n s W — 
R a v e r L — F re d e ric k » 2) H R S — Bee. So lis, tw o on, third 

SAFE, as Reed Tinsley (2o) of Bee County Junior College, slides under tag by SA C shortstop Rito Garcia. 
To make matters worse, the ball got away from Garcia after he attempted to make the tag. Action came in 
Friday's game. — Photo by Steve Campbell 

A g g i e s w in 

F O R T W O RTH ( A P ) - T ex as A&M follow ed th e p o w e r h ittin g of first b a se m a n Kyle H aw thorne and d e sig ­ nated h itte r T im F e ic k e r t to a 5-1 
Southw est C onference baseball victory over T ex as C h ristian U niversity F r i ­ day. 
Texas A&M is now 8-2 in SWC play and 22-9 for the y ear. TCH is 5-5 and 
13 13 overall 
H aw thorne clu b b ed a Ken B enedict fastball for a tw o-run h o m er in the first. F e ic k e rt collected two doubles and a sin g le in five at bats. 
Aggie s ta r te r M ark R oss scattered four hits for his sixth victory in seven d e risio n s TCC scored its only run on 
Reuben T o m lin ’s RBI gro u n d out in the fourth inning, 

T o o t A A M 
71o o1o o1o— S IO O 
T C U 
ooo 1oo ooo— 1 
4 o 
R o s s o n d T o m * r , B e n e d ict a n d R o se llin i VV R o ss , 
A l i L B enedict. 4 2 H R — A A M . H a w th o rn e 
Porkers romp 

LUBBOCK ( A P ) —A rk a n s a s sent ll h a tte rs to the p late in a six-run third in n in g F r i d a y a n d th e R a z o r b a c k s outlasted T ex as T ech 13-1o in a S outh­ west C onference b aseb all g a m e . 
A rk an sas is now 17-7 for the y e ar and 
3-4 in SWC play. T ech is 12-12 and 4-8. 
The R a zo rb a ck s tallied in the lug third fra m e on HBI sin g les by Jeff 
H e m m , J e f f S p e n c e, A rv is H a r p e r . 
R alph B ra d b u ry and T im Lundquist. 
Marc B ru m b ie also lofted a sacrifice fly in the inning. 
T im F o lia r w a s c red ite d with the victory. He is now 41 for the year. 
T he v ictim of A r k a n s a s ’ offensive onslau g h t w as S k ip p er M ills, who is 
3-2. 
A n to n io * 
716 oo3 oo1 — 1) 17 4 
Tech 
1o1 o73 o 1 o -1 o 17 7 
A n d e rso n . C o lla r ( S I e n d H e m m M ills , B lo c k (3) ond H o r n s . VV — L o lle r, 4 I L M ills . 3 2 H R — S im m s. 
Tech, B ru m b ie , A r k a n s a s A — 2oo 

Fleming falls 

F o rm e r SM U tennis p lay e r M aggie 
Riley stunned favored C a rrie F le m in g of T rinity F rid a y in q ualifying play for the Lionel C up T ennis T o u rn a m e n t. 
Riley, who resid es in D allas hut h as played pro fessio n ally in E u r o p e for t h r e e y e a r s , to p p le d h e r y o u n g e r co u n terp art, 8-3, 3-6. 6-1, to e a r n a spot in S unday’s final qualifying round 
S u n d a y ’s e ig h t q u a lif y in g ro u n d w inners will ad vance into the 32-player draw for the to u rn am en t, w hich beg in s 
Monday. 
F le m in g w a s the s e c o n d T r in i t y p la y e r of five e n tr ie s to fall fro m competition, but Shelley H udson and 
Ann S ehroeder joined S andy S tap in the final qualifying round w ith v icto r­ ies and Sandy Stap of TU won T h u r s ­ day K errie S terling of the T ig e rs lost 
H udson h e at high school p h e n o m 
Torn Moss of Houston W estc h este r, 6-3. 
6-3, and S ehroeder topped A ustin high school sta r Sharon Selm an, 6-3. 3-6, 6-3. 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo 
S E G U IN mon "#! 
R O A D 
7:3o1o$ 

TM M O M SAVU 
WHERE CASH BUYS 
AT WHOLESALE 

T f L i N a n * B r a u n f e l s 
A v a E > * O H M 
I M 
M 
. la w A c c a * * B e a d T a 
A A R C O S i g n . T a r n t i g h t ta S e g u i n 1 4 . 
T h an lo ft Ta O w O s ta 

Sterling defeated Je n n i B rid g es, 6-2, 
6-o, in a consolation m a tc h . 
S a tu rd ay ’s play will consist of c o n ­ solation m a tc h e s plus a d o u b les e x ­ hibition at 2 p m fe a tu rin g fo rm e r 
T rinity p e rfo rm e r M ary H a m m . M iss 
H am m will tea m with F a t B ostrom of 
Seattle, W ash . against P a t M e d rad o of 
Brazil and Kate L ath am of Palo Alto, 
Calif. 

F r i d a y '* R e su lt s 
M a g g ie R ile y d e l 
C a r r ie F le m in g . 6 I, 3 6, 6 I 
Stoe v B o w m a n d e i 
N a n c y C r o s s . 6 o. 6 o S h e lle y 
H u d so n dei 
Tom M o ss . 6. 6 3 A n n S e h ro e d e r det 
S h a ro n Se lm a n , 6 3. 3 6, 6 I 
C o n so la tio n 

J o n W ilton d e l 
H o lly W e iten d ort. 6 o, 6 o l 
Su e 
J o h n s t o n del 
M o r io n e B lo c k w o o d , d etouit k c r rie Ste rlin g d el Je n n ie B r id g e s 6 2. 6 o M a r y A n n 
C o m m e d el 
V e r o K o m o r , 6 4 , 6 4 
W ilto n d e l 
J o h n s t o n , 6 4, 6 4 

S a t u r d a y '* S c h e d u le 
N oo n 
A rle n e K o r o s ic k v s M o s s . K rist i S o m e r s v s 
C ro ss. S a b r a N ew ell v s 
S e lm o n 
I a rn 
Ja n e C h a rlto n v *. F le m in g 
2 p m 
D o u b le s t *h ib it io n — H a m m B o s tr o m v s 
M e d r a d o L o th a m 
3 p m 
S te rlin g v s w in n e r N e w e ll S e lm a n . 
C oid illc v s w in n e r K o r o s ic k M o s s 
4 p m : w in n e r 
So m e rs C r o s s v s w in n e r C h a rlto n F le m in g 
S u n d a y * Sc h e d u le 
H e re o re S u n d a y s tm ol a u o lity m o ro u n d p a ir ­ in g s w ith the e io h t w in n e r s a d v a n c in g to the tou rne y M o n d a y 
P lo y w in b e g in ot '2 3o p rn 
Isa b e l f-e rn o n d e j v s A nn S e h ro e d e r, R a y m P o * v s 
M a r n e B u e h ic r . 
A ie id o S o e t v s 
N e r i d a 
G re g o ry . K a v e H a lla m v s S h e lle y H u d so n , j a n e 
P r y e r v s 
S ta c y B o w m a n , A n n e S m itn v s 
E lis e 
D o h e rty ; R o b in K o h n v s 
J u d y C o n n o r ; S a n d y 
S t o p v s 
M a g g ie R ile y . 
T im e s ot i n d iv i d u a l m a tch e s h o v e not been a n n o u n c e d 

EXCELLENT FENCING 
TREATED 
YELLOW PINE 
; PANELS-6 X6’ - $ l 7.95 ea. 

^ POSTS - 5 " Dio. P o in ted • 8 ' - 
$4.89 

(FIGURIS $ 3 . 8 1 /FOOT) 

SPfCIAl TO THf EXP*fSS Ntws 
AUSTIN — P eggy Hollar of 
MacArthur, Laura Rudwick of 
Marshall and Helen H yde of 
Churchill headed San Antonio’s efforts Friday night in the preliminaries of the UIL state swimming championships. 

Each had the fastest qu alifiy in g tim e in one event and e arn ed a fin als b e rth in another as San Antonio e n tr ie s had a good opening night p e rfo rm a n c e a t the t e x a s O ly m p ic S w i m m i n g C e n t e r . 
Finals a re scheduled for 
2 p .m . 
Saturday. 
H ollar led q u a lifie rs in th e 2oo I n ­ d iv id u a l M e d le y w h ile R u d w i c k , d e f e n d i n g c h a m p i o n in th e 
IOO freestyle event, had the fa stest tim e in the 5o and also qualified to d efend h e r 
IOO crown. Hyde had the fastest m a r k in the I DO b r e a s t r o k e in a d d i t i o n to g a in in a fin als b e r th in t h e 2oo I n ­ dividual medley. 
San A n to n io h a d 21 i n d i v i d u a l qualifiers and seven relay s e n te re d in 
Hie m eet and 2o of of the in d iv id u a ls and all the relays ad v an ced into the finals. 
T he A lam o H e ig h ts b o y s q u a lifie d two relays and three ind iv id u als for the fin a ls w h ile C h u r c h ill h a d f o u r i n ­ dividuals and one relay. 
The M acA rthur g irls will h ave two relays and three individuals in the fin­ als while R oosevelt will h a v e tw o in ­ dividuals and on relay. 
A lth o u g h t h e i r o v e r a l l s t r e n g t h d o e sn ’t fig u re to fig u re in th e t e a m s t a n d in g s , M a r s h a l l e n t r i e s , t h r e e girls, two boys and one relay , qu alified for the finals 

R e re o re So n A n to n io 's a n o in t e r s fo r S a t u r d a y '* fin a ls at m e U IL state sw im m in g c h a m p io n s h ip s follow ing p re lim in a ry actio n F r id a y n igh t 
H B O Y S 
SOO M e d le y R e ta v 
7, A la m o H e ig h t s ( R ic k y 
Re yn old s, J o h n N e w m an , Peter Sta n fo rd , R o b e rt 
M o rb e rt) 
2oo F re e 
3. K eith W h ite , C h u rc h ill. 
2oo In d iv id u a l M e d le y : 
5. J im A n d e r so n , A la m o 
H e ights. 6, M ik e W a lk e r, C h u rc h ill 
(3 
IOO F r e e : 
6, B ria n B ean. M a r s h a ll; 8. M ik e W a lk e r . C h u r ­ chill SOO F r e e 
K eith W hite. C h u rc h ill. 
IOO B o c k : 
8. R ic k y R e yn o ld s, A la m o H e ig h ts 
IOO B re o tt : • 
3, John N e w m on , A la m o H e ig h ts, S. B r ia n B e a n , 
M a rs h a ll 
F r e e R e la y ; 
4. C h u rc h ill W q ic r, X c -th 
W h ite iM ik e W a lk er, K e ith W hite, P o t M c G o w a n , 
Tim S e h w o r t j ); 5, A la m o H e ig h t s ( M o r b e t . C lo y 
B ro c k, Pout W eber. J im A n d e r so n ) 
G IR L S 
M e d le y R e la y 
6. R o o se v e lt g e io n ie F re e l, B o r b o ro P h illip s . M a r y D ip p o . L e e A n n H y m a n ) ; 7, 
M a rs h a ll (L e n o re J a c k so n , E ile e n B e lin s k y . L m ir g 
R u d w ick, K im Hull). 
2oo F r e e 
I. P e g q y H o n o r, 
M a c A r t h u r . 8, J u llc S v w a s s in k , M a c A r t h u r 
2oo 
In d iv id u a l M e d le y : 
3, H e le n H y d e . C h u r c h ill 
SO 
F re e 
I, L a u r a R o d w lrk , M a r s h a ll too B u tte rfly : 
I, M a r y D ip p o , R o o se v e lt 
IOO F r e e : 
S, L a u r a 
R u d w ick, M a rsh a ll. SOO F r e e 
3, P e g g y H o H o rm . • 
M a c A r th u r . 4, M e la n ic F re el. R o o se v e lt 
IOO B o c k : 
4. L e n o re J a c k so n , M a r s h a ll 
IOO B r e a s t : 
I, H e le n 
H yde. C h u rc h ill, 3. B e c k y H a z e lw o o d . C h u r c h ill. 
F r e e R e la y : 
3. R o o se v e lt M e la n ic F r e e l, M a r y 
O 'p p o, L e e A n n H y m a n . B e c k y P r ic e ) ; 4, M o c A r t h - ur (P e g g y H o lla r, Ju n e S v w a s s in k . C a t h y C a r g e n 
N a n c y K ra w c z y k ). 
Evert gets to shoot at Barker 

PH IL A D E L P H IA (A P ) - Top s e e d ­ ed C h ris E v ert d e fe a te d lefth an d ed 
Dianne F ro m h o ltz of A u s tr a l ia 6-3, 6-4 
F rid a y night to a d v an c e to the s e m i­ fin als of th e $1oo,ooo P h i l a d e l p h ia w o m e n ’s tennis to u rn a m e n t. 
F ro m h o ltz served the last g a m e , the only serv ice b re ak of th e final set. It w as closely fought th ro u g h o u t, w ith 
E v e r t o u ts c o r in g h e r o p p o n e n t bv 
37-32 
T h e v ic to ry g iv e s M is s E v e r t a m ee tin g with third seed ed Sue B a rk e r of E n g lan d 
B u rk er, w inner of h er last two to u r ­ n a m e n ts at San F ra n c is co an d D allas. won lier 13th s tra ig h t m a tc h in the last two w eeks by d efeating K e rry Melville 
Reid of A u s tr a lia 6-2, 2-6, 6-3. 
In o th er action, second seed ed M a r­ tina N avratilova defeated B etty Stove of T he N eth erlan d s 6-2, 6-4 

W L 
BARBED WIRE 
First Quality 

* 1 5 
95 SP O O L 

3 S P O O L S 
$45°° 

QMM ITIOMI Afb 
CORRUGATED IRON 
AT THI LOWEST 
PRICE ANYWHERE 
Lengths to 2o Feat 
*24.95 sq 

GOOD 
USED RAIL ROAD TIES 

$ 
4 
9 
5 a a . 

INSULATION] 
SUPER SALE 

INSULATE 
WARM UP 
AND 
SAVE FUEL 

PREMIUM ROCK WOOL 
3” R-l I 
o9 V4 Sq. Et. 
6 ” R -1 9 .........16 Sq. Ft. 
OWENS-CORNING 
FIBERGLASS 
3 V i ” R-l I . . .1o14 Sq. Ft. 
6 " R -1 9 .........18 Sq. Ft. 

54 Vt 
HOMY 
OM 

ROUOH CCDAR 
LUMBER 
I X 1 o - L a p A G a p 
• 4 2 L f 
1 X 1 2 - R /L . 5 5 L f 

FUL! ROUGH 
GINUINK 
CYPRUS 
1 a S * J < 
R /l-A I 
LF. 

P R IC K S G O O D TH RU M A R C H 2 4TM v w i # 
I r iv e 1# r n M V V V V I M 
I N 
5 
DITTMAR L U M B E R G 

■HHRHHHHHHRHM HHRRRHM 

Vt ' / IJS 

•Ai 

-m s 

. ' . a l 

 f t * 
S + 
$ • '! 

'J* 

J 
1 

5oo SEGUIN ROAD 

TOTAL CONDITIONING for ALL SPORTS 
Get Ready For Summer With 
The most advanced system of training for 

• Strength & Muscular Endurance 
• Cardiovascular Ability 
• Flexibility 
W e Are M oving Soon To Our New Location 
2252 N.W. Military Hwy. 

NAUTILUS 
ATHLETIC 
CENTER 

P h ysica l Fitness 

2334 Jackson Kell 
(Just outside Loop 41o 

Mon.-Fri. 8:3o a.m. to 8:3o p 
Sat. IO a.m.*2 p.m. 
349-568o 
EXT. 4o 

Scoreboard 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S— Soturdoy Morch 19 1977 

A B A ------ 

S t a n d i n g s 

 e a s t e r n c o n f e r e n c e 
A u a n tic D iv is io n 
W 
Philodeiohtci 
B oston 
N ow Y o rk K n ic k s 
3 ) 
B uttolo 
? ; 
N o w Y o r k N e ts 
21 
C en tral D iv is io n i? 
27 
39 
29 
39 
3o 

L i i l l 
35 
34 
38 
4? 
49 

Pct. 
G B 
6o9 s o ; 
I 
449 n 
391 
15 
3oo 
2 1 'J 

H ouston 
Sa n A ntonio 
W a sh in gto n 
C le v e la n d 
Atlanta 
N e w O rle a n s 

35 
32 
28 
4? 
2/ 
41 

6o9 
574 
565 
52? 

? ’ I 
3 
6 

D e n ve r 
D etroit 
K a n s a s City 
C h ic a g o 
In d ia n a 
M ilw a u k e e 

LOS A n g e le s 
P o rtla n d 
G olden State 
Seattle 
P h o e n ix 

W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
M id w e s t D iv is io n 
43 
4o 
37 
35 
31 
25 
P a c if ic D iv is io n 
43 
42 
39 
36 
27 
T h u r s d a y ' s G a m e s 
H o u sto n 88,C le v e la n d 87 
K a n s a s C ity 125. B u ffa lo 1o4 
M ilw a u k e e IOO. B o sto n 91 
N ew Y o rk K n ic k s lls . D e n v e r 1o7 
P o rtla n d 115. G o ld e n State 1o6 
F r i d a y ' s G o m e s 
B osto n 98, A tla n ta 96 
C le v e la n d 1o1, N e w Y o r k N e ts 88 
P h ila d e lp h ia 124, H o u sto n 1o4 
Seattle 1o5, D e tro it 1o4 
C h iro a o 114, K a n s a s C ity 112 
N ew O rle a n s 1o4. P h o e n ix IOO 
L o s A n g e le s 98. G o ld e n State 85 
P o rtla n d 134. in d ia n a 11o 
S a t u r d a y ' s G a m e s 
A tlanta at N e w Y o r k K n ic k s 
Seattle of C h ic a g o 
So n A n ton io at C le v e la n d 
B u ffa lo at H o u sto n 
In d ia n a at G o ld e n State 

4oo 
14 . 
397 
14 I 

614 
571 
536 
5oo 

3 
5' ? 
8 
443 
I ? 
34 7 
19 

623 
- 
.59? 
2 
.557 
4 
5o7 
8 

B osto n 
43 
21 
8 
94 
277 214 
To ron to 
32 
28 
12 
76 
?76 248 
C le v e la n d 
2? 
38 l l 
SS 
2o8 254 
T h u r s d a y ' s G o m e s 
B osto n 4, B u ffa lo 2 
A tla nta 4, P h ila d e lp h ia I 
L o s A n g e le s 3. D e tro it ? 
F r i d o v s G a m e s 
W a sh in g to n 5. C o lo ra d o o 
M in n e so ta 2. C le v e la n d 2 
S a t u r d a y s G o m e s 
N ew Y o r k R a n g e r s of P ittsb u rg h 
C h ic a g o at N e w Y o r k Isla n d e r s 
A tla nta at T o ron to 
V a n c o u v e r of St L o u is 
P h ila d e lp h ia at L o s A n g e le s 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C I A T I O N 
E a s t e r n D iv is io n 
W 
C 
T 
P t s 
G F 
G A 
Q uebec 
41 28 
2 
84 
3o7 763 
C in cin na ti 
37 31 
3 
77 
32? 262 
In d ia n a p o lis 
32 33 
7 
71 
24? 266 
N ew 
E n g la n d 
3o 
37 
6 
66 
239 264 
B ir m in g h a m 
28 41 
3 
59 
251 27? 
» M in n e so ta 
19 13 
5 
43 
136 
129 w e s t e r n D iv is io n 
H o u sto n 
44 2o 
6 
94 
28? 
199 
W in n ip e g 
4o 29 
2 
8 ? 
324 254 
So n 
D ie g o 
33 33 
4 
7o 
231 249 
C o lg o r v 
28 36 
5 
61 
211 234 
E d m o n to n 
29 4o 
3 
6! 
2o4 271 
P h o e n ix 
26 41 
4 
56 
246 332 x tra n c h ise d isb a n d e d 
T h u r s d a y 's G a m e s 
Q uebec 4. P h o e n ix 3 
In d ia n a p o lis 5, B ir m in g h a m ? 
E d m o n to n 4. W in n ip e g 3 
F r i d o v ' s G o m e s 
N ew E n g la n d 3, C a lg a r y I 
H o u sto n 6. P h o e n ix ? 
W in n ip e g 7, in d ia n a p o lis 5 
S a t u r d a y s G o m e s 
C a lg a ry at Q ue be c 
S o n D ie g o at P h o e n ix 

HS Baseball 

I lemons Tourney 

Top speed 

 b o l l 

N A T I O N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
P o t r ic k D iv is io n 
W 
L 
T 
P I S 
G F 
G A 
Philad elp hia 
41 
16 
13 
99 
286 
191 
N Y Islanders 
41 
19 
IO 
96 
256 
173 
Ailanto 
J I 
3o 
11 
73 
736 
236 
N Y 
Range s 
25 
33 
14 
63 
245 
778 
Sm ythe D iv is io n 
SI Louis 
TV 
14 
8 
66 
2o5 
239 c hicoao 
2 J 
39 
IO 
56 
215 
277 
M innesota 
2ft 
3.5 
18 
56 
717 
278 
Vane Oliver 
23 
4o 
9 
55 
2o4 
26o 
Colorado 
19 
4o 
13 
SI 
1o1 
269 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
N o r r i s D iv is io n 
M ontreal 
54 
8 ll 
119 
35o 
165 
Pittsburgh 
31 
79 
11 
15 
27! 
2Jo 
Los 
Angeles 
19 
79 l l l l 
234 
217 
W ashington 
2o 
39 l l 
54 
193 
278 
Detroit 
16 
46 
9 
41 
174 
271 
A d a m s D iv is io n 
Buffalo 
44 l l 
6 
94 
268 
19/ 

S A W G A 
C h a m p io n sh ip F lig h t — L G , H e le n W rig h t, 8o 
L N , 
N U O W h it in g . 86 1 4 — 72, 
L o p e P r o c t o r , a l t o 
71, Su e C r u m , 88 1 5 - 7 1 . 
H e le n K e iio m , 
88 15 - 7 3 L P . Ire n e W righ t, L o c k e . K e llo m . W h it mo. oil had 31 
F ir s t F lig h t — L G . M o r v W e sth oven, 88 L N , M o n o W hite. 9o 18 — 72 
G in n y D o r r . 
93 18 
75 
L P , D e c M u rp h y . 29 
S e c o n d F lig h t - 
LG . M a r y E liza b e th W eir, 91. L N . F r e d d ie B rin son, 93 2o— 71; H a rrie t C a ld d e u g h , 93 2 o — 73. J u n e 
L e w is . 97 2 4 . 73; 
G e r r y S m ith , 95 22 - 73 
L P . 
Lew is. 3.1 

T IV Y 
I N V I T A T I O N A L 
H I G H S C H O O L 
G O L F 
T O U R N A M E N T 
At K e r r v il le 
R e s u lt s o* S o n A n to n io t e a m s in the .16 h ole. 
2? team to u rn e y held a l R iv e rto n C o u n try C lu b 
Te am : 
I C h u rc h ill 643. 2, R o o se v e lt 656. A la m o 
H e ig h ts 657. 4 M a c A r t h u r 662. 7 E a s t C e n tra l 698. 
IO L e e 712, 17 C ole 773 
M e d a list I. D e n n i s Corn e liso n. C h u r c h ill. 154; 2 
M i k e I b o r r o , M a c A r t h u r , I S A ; 3. ( t i e ) J e f f 
L o C o u r s e , M o c A t h u r , a n d K e n Wall. C h u r ch ill. 16o 

A L A M O G O L F A S S O C I A T I O N 
The A G A will hold their w e e k ly sw e e p st a k e s of 
R iv e rs id e at l l OO a rn. S u n d a y 

C A R P E N T E R S P A R 3 
D e a d lin e for the w e e k ly P r o A m is 2 OO p rn 
S a tu rd a y w ith o sh o tg u n sto rt at ? 3o 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF COURSE 

SPRING GOLF SPECIAL 
$119oo 

C O M P U T E GOLF PRIVILEGES FOR YO U 

ANO YOUR 
FAMILY FOR 2 M O N T H S. 

MAYRF 
CON TIN UED 
THEREAFTER 
FOR 

$3 7 SO M O N T H LY 

PECAN VAHEY DR. AT E. SOUTHCROSS 

333-7121 
333-9o18 

Porkers, no Frank 

F A Y E T T E V IL L E . 
Ark. (A P ) - The Uni­ versity of Arkansas be­ gins spring football practice Saturday with­ out Frank Broyles as head coach for the firsl time since 1957, 
Broyles gave up his coaching duties late last year to spend full time as athletic director. 

< W t . M ( u u u osk, flu *, t 'jU t T .. . 

 ctoVfA ttuc, <ioox...€ocicA o|>tl/i,Ult 
AUTOMATIC GARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

1 » U 
- 

SEE & COMPARE! l l 
PRICES INCLUDE: 
• IN S T A L L A T IO N W IT H 
O N E T R A N SM IT T E R 
• FULL O N E -Y E A R W A R R A N T Y 

SO 

GENIE a g o o d w a y to ge t in . . . w hen it’s unsafe to ge t out! 
Discover w hy features like these have m ade Genie* the w orld 's fastest selling ga ra g e door opener system s. 

*2o9 

S u p e rb stylin g, '/j H .P. ra te d . S cre w d riv e . 
*1595o_____ 

'/« H P. rated 

Chain drive 

• Superb styling. 

• Worm screw drive 

• Built-in time 

 delay 
(GS4So Mood ONLY) 

• U L. Listed 
• Sensitive safety device 
• Solid state rodio controls. 
Certified to com ply with F.C.C. regulations 

USE OUR EASY PAY PLAN— 3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 

WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Your G a ra g e D o o r H e a d q u a rte rs since I 9 4 7 

HOLLYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR ( 
1381 I SA N PEDRO 
494-3434 

 e W e se rv ice w h a t w e sell • 

Bobby Allison hit speeds of 
157.847 mph. Friday to top qualifiers for Sunday's Atlanta 
5oo Grand National stork car race in Hampton. Ga. — AP 
Wirephoto 

G U L F B R E E Z E P R O T O U R N E Y 
G u ifb rre re . F la 
- B o b b y Strob ic. A lb o n v . G o . 
Sh ot 73 F r i d o v to r 54 h o le to ta l O* 2 1 ? ( to u r u nd e r o a r ) to w m b v one stro k e o v e r BMI D a ig le of 
M o b ile a n d Ston L e e of H e b e r S p r in g s . A r k 
H o rse lia e in g 

H O R S E R A C I N G 
O A K L A W N : 
F c o lu re 
- S k e r r y K n ig h t (S IA SOI. 
Y o llo h N otlve. N ob le L o rk 
I m ile IO y d s in I 4? 
25 
H I A L E A H 
F r o t u r c - K itc h e n G o o sip ( i8 6 o ' 
F re n c h S w o n p r, H o rb o r S p r in g s 1116 m ie s in I 4? 
25 
A Q U E D U C T : 
*25.ooo G re e k S h ip H a n d ic o l 
O n The S ly (V I 4o). D iv in e R o y a lly , C h rist o fo ro 
O ne a n d I 16 m ile s in I 45 ?/5 
S P O R T S M A N ' S 
SI2.5 oo L ittle V ie P u r s e 
B id d in g F o o l (S22 2o1, Jeff G r e y S k y e s , C r a f t y 
D ro n e Six fu rlo n g s in I I ? 3/5 
G A R D E N S T A T E 
F e a tu re — E e p a u p o (*7 .2o), 
F re n c h Chef, A m b itio u s B ro th e r O n e m ile a n d IO y a r d s in I 45 2 5. 
G O L D E N G A T E F I E L D S : 
F e a tu re 
I rn A 
C h a rm e r (S7 6oI. J o c k A r te rb u rn u o . W in te r Sleet 
M ile rn I 19 25 
S A N T A A N I T A 
F e a tu re 
D e s ir e e (S3.AO). 
Thrifty. R e be l s O w n M ile in I 36 35 

C on solatio n S e m if in a ls 
J U D S O N ll. E A S T C E N T R A L 3 
J u d so n 
333 2oo o - l l 
7 
? 
E a s t C on trol 
oo2 OOI o - 3 
9 
9 
B ib le s a n d H u n tsm a n , L a n g e . Ste fo n ic (3) a nd 
L o r r y Hill. W - B ib le s ( 1 2 ). L - L o n g e (o 7) 
H R 
— Ju d so n . H u n ts m a n (2), n on e o n in the th ird in n in g 
H ig h llg h ls 
E a s t C e n tral, lo sin g its 16th stra ig h t g a m e this y e a r, c o n trib u te d n in e e r r o r s to the 
J u d so n ca u se 

W i n n e r s ' S e m if in a ls 
H O L M E S 3, C H U R C H I L L I 
C h u rc h ill 
OOO OOI o - I 
4 
2 
H o lm e s 
OOO oo3 x - 3 
9 
I 
N ip p e r a n d E lle v 
A r a iz o a n d M o r a le s 
W — 
A r o n a (3 o). L — N ip p e r ( I I) 
H ig h lig h ts: 
M a r t in s two ru n trip le in the sixth put H o lm e s o h c a d tor go o d 
The lo ss h alte d on e ight g a m e w in n in g stre a k tor C h u r c h ill 

M A R S H A L L 7, C L E M E N S I 
C le m e n s 
OOI OOO o — I 
3 
6 
M a r s h a ll 
OOO 241 x — 7 
4 
o 
M o h o n e y a n d C o r b e il. W illis a n d F r o n lz e n 
W — W illis (4 o) 
L — M a h o n e y (2 2) 

Sp orts, a d d c o n so la tio n se m is 

H A R L A N D A L E 4. A L A M O H T S 
3 
H o rlo n d o ie 
o1o O I? o — 4 
5 
4 
A la m o H e ig h ts 
OOO o2o 1 — 3 
4 
4 
O rte g o n a n d R o d rig u e z : M c u r in a n d D c L eo n 
W — O rte g o n (2 ?) L 
M p n r in ( 2 ? ) 
In d ia n s sc o re d d e c id in g r u n s in six th on d r o p p e d fly b o ll b v 
H e ig h ts L F 

S A T U R D A Y $ G A M E S 
H o rlo n d o ie v s 
Jud so n , c o n so la tio n , 5 p m 
M a r sh o d v s 
H o lm es, c h a m p io n s h ip , 7 3o 
N o te 
C h u r c h i ll C le m e n s t h ir d p la c e g o m e c o n c p lrd b e c a u se C h u rc h ill sh o rt on p itc h e rs 

C O L E 9, H O N D O « 
Cote 
431 IOO o 
- 9 
9 
? 
H o n do 
o2o O il o 
— 4 
7 
9 
F a w c e tt a n d M ik e H n g e n , 
A r r o s a n d L o u g h m gh o use W - F a w c e tt 
« I) 
L — A r c o s (3 1) 
B r ia n 
Fow cett fa n n e d IO o s C o u g a r s (4 5) h o o d e d H o n d o o nly its se c o n d lo s s in I ? g o m e s 
T o o C o u g a r stick e rs w e re D o r r c ll K u re k , 2 4 a n d th re e R B L 
Ran Cole. 2 3 a n d one R B L n o d R ic h a r d L e w is, 2 .3 

S O U T H S A N 8, E A G L E P A S S 3 
South So n 
oo3 O U o 
- 8 
9 
? 
E a g le P a s s 
IO ? OOO o - 3 
5 
2 
D e L a G a r z a , G a r c ia ( ?) o n d B r is e n o 
M u n o z , 
S o n to v o (3 ). M o r a le s (A) o n d M o n c o d o 
W 
D e L a G a r z a 
(3 1). L — 
S o n t o v o 
(3 1) 
A lb e r t 
B n s e n o w a lk e d . F r a n k D c L o G a r z o sin g le d 
R i c h o rd G a r c io sin g le d o n d B illy Z o m o r o h it o sa c rific e tty to left to sc o re the w in n in g ru n in the fifth in n in g 
G o r d o w a s 4 4 w ith th re e R B i s. 
D e la G a r z a w a s 2 4 o n d M a r k D a v ila w o s 2 3 
J u lia n V a ld e z w a s 2-4 w ith a trip le a n d Ted C a n o w a s 2 3 for E a g le P a s s 

K E N N E D Y 7, C E N 
C A T H 
6 
C en tral 
311 IOO o - 
6 
5 
7 
K e n n e d y 
OOI 14o I — 
7 
9 
6 

( T w o out wk en w m n in q r u n s c o r e d ) 
M o re n o Sa nche z 
(5) o nd P o llo c k ; 
O rtiz , B r r - 
Itn ge ri ( I) . V illa reo ! (5) a n d C o r r e o , O r t ir (2 ). 
W - V ill a r e a l ( IO ) 
I — S a n c h e z (3 1) 
H R — K e n n e d v 
T o n y P e re z ( I). 7th, solo. hit it w ith tw o out to w in gam e. J e sse So n rh e z o d d e d 2 3. trip le a n d th re e R B is tor 
R o ckets 
J e r r y 
Z a m o r a 3 4 fo r 
C e n tra l 

M C C O L L U M 6, A N T O N I A N 5 
A n to n ia n 
OJO OOO 3 — S 
? 
I 
M c C o llu m 
'o ? 21o x — 6 
6 
4 
H m o io s a . Z o m a r r t p o (6 ) o n d M o r a . 
R a le y . , 
R o d rig u e z (5). R o le v (7) o n d M c D o u g le W - R o l e v 
(3 1) 
I — H m o io sa ( l l ) . H R - - M c C o llu m ; D o n n v 
R o d rig u e z ( I). 4th. one on 
T e r r y R a le y go t 2-3. in c lu d in g double, a nd two R B L s a v e d o w n g a m e in r e a p p e a ra n c e in las* in n in g 
F o r A n to n ia n , A n d y 
R e y e s a nd R e no H in o io so both c o lle c te d tw o hits. 

Saturday’s G am es 

R E G U L A R S E A S O N 
M em oricii ol M a c A rth u r (2), noon. 
J o h n J o y v s C entral C atholic (2 ). O lm o s. I d rn. 
K e n n e d y ai M e d in a V a iiry . 7 3o. 

R e g io n 4 A A U 
C o o k s A il S t a r s ( D e n v e r . C o lo I 
75 
H o w a r d 
P a y n e 74 

> l o t o r < 
* y < 
* l < 
» s 

C Y C L I N G 
M e m b e rs of th r Sa n A n to n in W h e e lm e n a n d a n d the P e a r l C y c lin g C lu b w ill hold O d e m o n s lrg tm n a n d slid e sh o w of C e n tro ! P o r k 
M a ll S a t u r d a y tram IO a m to A d rn 
F o r m o re in fo rm a tio n coll 
Tom S ic k m o n n at 824 4755 

T e x a s 5-3. E a s te r n M ic h ig a n I 2 
R ice 4. J o h n B r o w n ( A r k I 3 
P a n A m e ric a n 8. R ic e 2 
T e x a s W e sle y a n 8. C e n tra l M ic h ig a n .1 
T e x a s W e sle v o n 8, K o n s o s 6 
A r k a n s a s 13. T e x a s T ech lo 

S P A N A M L E A G U E 
Th e S p a n is h A m e r ic a n L e a g u e o p e n s B s 197? se a so n S u n d a y of l l a ,rn w h e n R o g e r s Ice H o u se fa ce s Little R e d B a r n in the se c o n d g a m e of 4 p m , A la m o E n t e r p r is e s trie s J im e n e z F o o d s 
A ll 
So o n A m g o m e s will be p la y e d of S p e n c e r P a r k 

A M E R I C A N L E A G U E 

D etroit 
B osto n 
M in n e so ta 
C le v e la n d 
B a ltim o re 
Seattle 
C a lifo rn io 
K a n s o s City 
O a k la n d 
M ilw a u k e e 
C h ic a g o 
N e w Y o rk 
To ron to 
T e x a s 
N A T I O N A L L E A G U E 

L 
P c t 
7 3 7oo 
6 3 66/ 
5 3 625 
5 3 625 
4 4 571 
5 4 556 
A 5 545 
5 5 .5oo 
4 4 5oo 
5 4 556 
5 7 41 7 
3 4 479 
3 5 175 
. 5 
37$ 

6 2 75o 
8 3 I U 
5 2 714 
4 4 5oo 
4 5 444 
4 5 444 
J 4 4?9 
3 4 479 
3 5 375 
J 6 313 
J 6 333 
2 A 25o 

S k i i n g 

V O S S 
N o r w a y ( A P ) 
M e n s W o rld sta n d in g s attet F r id a y s sla lo m ra c e 
1 In g e m a r S te n m a rk , Sw ed en , 264 
2 K la u s H e id e g g e r, A u stria . 22o 
3 F r a n z K la m m e r. A u st ria . 2o3 
4 P ie ro G ro s, Italy, 156 
5 B e r n h a r d R u ssi, Sw itze rla n d , 148 
6 G u s ta v o Tboeni, Italy, 122 
7 Joset W a tch er A u stria , 115 
8 H e m i H e rnm i, Sw itze rla n d , 113 
9 Jose! F e rsti, W e sl G e r m a n y 91 
IO. P h il M aitre. U ntied Slates. 94 

T ig e r refill I is 

S M U 
Tech 

13-A,VA H ost Zone 

S S W est 
C a rriz o 

S O U T H S A N W E S T A. 
C A R R I Z O S P R I N G S 5 
2o? oo7 o - 6 
5 
4 
OOO o1o 4 - 5 
I 
4 
L o F o sse . H itch co ck ( ?) o n d R e in h a r t ; M a r in e s a n d H e rn a n d e z 
W 
L o F o s s e (4 o) 
L 
M a lin e s 
( l l ) 
P ic k y l o F o s s e I 3 w ith tw o R B i s fo r w in n e r s 
In b o tto m o* s e v e n t h , D i m a s O c h o a b lo ste d b a s e s lo a d e d d o u b le fo r th re e r u n s to m a k e the sc o re 6 5, still with n o b o d y out 
D o n a 
H itch co ck c o m e on o n d stru c k out tw o m e n b efore ge tting the lost out on o gro u n d o u t. A rt O 'N e a l R B I triple for S S W 
U V A L D E I. F R E D E R I C K S B U R G o 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g 
OOO OOO o 
o 
4 
1 
U v a ld e 
o1o OOO x - I 
3 
2 
K u h lm o n a n d W illia m s S o n s o n a n d N u e tze W 
So n so n (4 o) 
L — K u h lm o n (O S ) 
H igh ligh ts. 
V o n M c E l r o v sc o re d o n ly ru n of g a m e on a w ild pitch otter s in g lin g 
To m E H in ger m o ve d him to se c on d w ith a hit n o d he took third o n o fie ld e r s c h o ic e b e f o r e s c o r i n g 
B r i a n 
M c L a u g h lin of U v a ld e h o d the g a m e s o n ly e x tra b ose hit, o d ouble • I 

S O U T H W E S T 8. C R Y S T A L C I T Y J 
(IO I n n i n g s ) 
C ry sta l C ity 
TOI o1o 
2oo I - 7 
9 
3 
Southw est 
o22 2oo OOO 7 - 8 
I 
5 
M e n c h o c o . R o d rig u e z 
(3) a n d 
T r e v in o . B la ir. 
M a rtin e z (5) a n d S n o w d e n 
W 
M a r t in e z (4 1). 
I — R o d rig u e z 
H R 
So u th w e st 
J o h n R o b e r t s ( I) , 
4th, one on R ick B lo ir trip le d w ith tw o out to d riv e in w in n in g r u n s for D r o g o n s 

Lockhart Tourney 

C h a m p io n s h ip S e m i s 

N E W B R A U N F E L S 14, D E L V A L L E o 
( F i v e In n in g s , 1o-Run R u le ) 
N e w B ra u n fe ls 
54o 5o 
14 
6 
2 
D el V o ile 
OOO oo — o 
3 
8 
M o ra le s o n d V illa n u e v a , S a lv e r s. D e S p o m (2). 
M o r o n 
(2 ) o n d 
A11 v I n . 
W — M o r a l e s 
( T i ) . 
L — S o lv e r s 
N e w B ra u n f e ls n ow 6 5, p lo y s in title g a m e of 6 IO p m 
S o t u r d o y a g a in s t R o c k d a le 
L o c k h a rt w in ne r 
E m S u a re z tw o h its a n d three 
B B K tor U n ic o rn s, p itch e r M o n d o M o r a le s tw o hits cmd four R B L 

N e w Y o rk 
S a n D ie g o 
L o s A n g e le s 
C in cin n a ti 
A tlanta 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
S I L o u ts 
H o u sto n 
M o ntrea t 
P ittsb u rg h 
So n F r a n c is c o 
C h ic a g o 
N ight g a m e s not included 

F r i d a y s G a m e s 
C h ic a g o (A ) 6. K a n s a s C ity (A ) 
I, 1st g a m e . ? in n in g s 
C h ic a g o (A ) 8. K a n s a s C ity (A ) 4. 2nd g a m e , 8 in n in g s 
P ittsb u rg h IN ) IO, D e tro it (A ) 6 
B o sto n (A ) I?, P h ila d e lp h ia (N ) 8 
H o u sto n ( N I 7. T o ron to (A ) 4 
M in n e so ta (A ) 6. C in c in n a ti ( N I 4 
N e w Y o rk ( N I 2, St- L o u is ( N ) I. IO in n in g s 
L o s A n g e le s (N ) 5. M o n tre a l ( N i l 
A tla nta (N ) S S IO. B a ltim o re (A ) S S 4 
Oakw ood (A ) I?, C h ic a g o IN ) 7 
Sa n F r a n c is c o (N ) IO. So n D ie g o I N ) 9 
M ilw a u k e e (A ) ll. C le v e la n d ( A ) I 
C a lifo rn ia (A ) 13. Seattle (A ) 5 
A ila n to (N I. split sq u ad , v s B a ltim o re ( A i so o t sq u ad , at M io m i, 7 3o P rn 
T e x o s (A ) v s N ew Y o r k (A ) of F o r t L a u d e r d a le . 
F la , 8 p m 

S a t u r d a y 's G a m e s 
M o n t re a l IN ) v s T or o n o ( A ) at D u n e d in , F ig 
L 3o p m 
P i t t s b u r g h ( N ) v s 
N e w Y o r k ( A ) a t F o r t 
L a u d e rd a le , F lo , L 3 o j . n i 
C h ic a g o ( A ) v s 
D e tro it ( A ) of L a k e la n d 
F ie , 
I JO D rn 
H o u sto n (N ) v s M in n e so ta ( A ) at O rla n d o . F ta 
I 3o p rn 
A tla n ta ( N I v s 
T e x a s ( A i at P o m p a n o B e a c h , 
F la , I 3o p rn 
B o sto n ( A i v s St 
L o u is ( N ) at St 
P e t e r s b u r g 
FIO . I 3o o m 
K a n s a s C ity (A ) v s 
C in c in n a ti ( N ) at T a m p a . 
FIO 
I 3o O rn 
M ilw a u k e e (A ) v s S a n F r a n c is c o IN ) at P h o e n ix , 
3 P rn 
C h ic a g o ( N ) v s 
Seattle (A ) of T e m p e , A d z . 3 p rn 
S a n D 'e g o I N I v s C le v e la n d < A ) at T u cso n , A r it , 
J p rn 
O a k la n d (A ) v s C a lifo rn ia (A ) of P a lm S p r in g s , 
C olit . 4 p m 
N e w Y o r k ( N I v s L o s A n g e le s ( N ) at D o m in ic a n 
R e p u b lic , 6 p m 
P h ila d e lp h ia (N ) v s B a ltim o re (A ) at M ia m i, I IO 
D rn 
S u n d a y s G o m e s 
N e w Y o r k (N ) v s Lr-. A n g e le s ( N I a l D o m in ic a n 
R e pu b lic, I p m 
M o n tre a l (N ) v s H o u sto n IN ) at C o c o a F la 
I AO p rn 
P h ila d e lp h ia 1N I v s 
N e w Y o r k ( A ) a t F o i l 
L a u d e rd a le F lo , I »o p rn 
T o ron to ( A l v s K a n s a s C 

Sin g le s 
R o u n d of IS 
G io m m a iv o dei M a r x T 
6 3, 6 I; G ottfried del H a r r is o n B o w e " 
6 I, A 3 . Is k e r s k y (let Jai Q iL o u ie 
S M U . 7 5 ( . 4), 
3 6, 6 o , C h r is D e le an e y. S M U del M c K o w n . 6 2 6 4 
Q u a r t e r f i n a l 
O 'a m m o iv a d e i 
J u a n F u r r o w 
S o u th e rn Illin ois. 6 I. 6 4 , G ottfried de* D o n V g ie n tineie. H o u sto n. 6 1. 6 3, Is k e r s k y det G o r y P lo c k , 
T exos. 62, 61 
Doubles 
G ia m m o lv n G o t t frie d d e l G ib s o n M o r g a n . O k la h o m o 
C ity. 
6 I, 
6 2, 
Is k e r s k y M c K o w n d e l 
B u s h ie r G on d oifo, 
C le m so n , 6 I, 6 4 
I N T H E • D I V I S I O N 
E d d ie R e e se , T U - d e i G o r y 
O lson. N o rth T e x a s St., 6-2. 6 3; D a v e B e n so n , T U , del K e n R a p h a e l. H a r d in S im m o n s, 2 6. 6-3, 6 3 J a y 
H e rm a n se n . O d e ssa , del R e e se , 7 6, 2 6, 6 4, B e n s o n d el C r a ig R ic h a rd so n , O d e ssa , 4 6, 6 2 , 6 I M c C u r le y-B ro w n , So uth ern , det R e e se B e n so n , 6-4, 6-4. 

2 5 o o B r o a d w a y 
1 2 1 8 5.W . M ilita r y Or. 

NEW HOURS 
MON.-SAT. 1o-7 
FRI. 1o-9 

MIDLAND 4o CHANNEL 
DELUXE fj CB RADIO 

A 

S M S I) Tourney 

C on solatio n S e m if i n a ls 
E D I S O N 5. L A N I E R I 
La m e r 
OOO OOI o - I 
6 3 
E d iso n 
2oo 7o1 x _ 5 
6 I 
M e d in a a n d C h r t w o o d . 
C o r t e z o n d 
S u a r e z , 
F 
C o rte z 
(2 o) 
L 
M e d in a ( I 2) 
J o e S u a r e z belted two ru n triple in fo u rth for E d is o n 
S in g le s b v 
M ik e 
R iv a s, 
Iso o c 
M a r t in e z o n d 
B illy 
M o n t o m a v o r o c c o u n te d fo r r u n s in fir s t 
J e s se 
T o rre s w ent 2 J tor V o k s 
E o r h p itch e r ta n n e d ll, w ith E d is o n h u r le r R ic k C o r t e z t o n n in g r iv a l m o u n d sm a n F r e d d y M e d in a th re e tim e s 

H I G H L A N D S I. W H E A T L E Y 6 
W heatley 
122 IOO o — 6 
7 I 
H ig h la n d s 
321 OOO I - I 
12 
2 
Q u in ta n a . R o m t re z (3 ) a n d M o n ic o 
R iv e r o . 
K e lle r (4i o n d G a r c ia 
W — K e lle r 
( I O ) 
L — 
Q u m ta n g (o 4 ) 
M ik e H e r r in g hit o ne OI h is two trip le s in the se ve n th in n in g o n d then sc o re d on g sin gle bv B re tt B ie se n b a c h , w h o w o s 3 4 w ith three 
R B I 's 
K e ith K e n n e r w o s 2 I a n d M a r v in K elle r w o s 2 2 for the O w ls H o n k T re v in o w a s 2-4 for the 
E a g le s 

W i n n e r s ' S e m if i n a ls 
J E F F E R S O N 7. F O X T E C H 2 
Jeffe rso n 
O U I I I o - 
7 9 
I 
Fo x TC fh 
o1o IOO o — 
2 2 
5 
D o v a lo s a n d P o v b c h ; M o n e e . D e lg a d o (6) o n d 
Lop e z 
W - D a v a i o s 
(7 l l 
L — M o n c a 
(13 ). 
H R - F o x Tech 
M e lv in W h ite ( I) . 2nd, so lo B e n n y 
S ilv a of Jeff w ent 3 5; M u s t a n g s co lle cte d five hits in th ird inning. 

S A M H O U S T O N 7. B U R B A N K 7 
H o u sto n 
6o1 
OOO o — 
1 
I 
B u rb a n k 
OOI OOO 1 — 
2 2 
J o h n so n o n d J e n d ru s c b . B a n d o . M u n o z ( l l a nd 
Z e rd a 
W — J o h n so n (i-o ) 
L ~ B a n d a (o 7) 
V a rn e i 
W hite hod tw o ru n sin g le for H o u sto n , jo e F lo r e s 
3 4 o n d o n R B L M e lv in T id w e ll trip le d o n d P e te rs a nd W a rre n d ou b le d O n ly B u r d o n * h its b y R o c h a a n d Za pa ta 
S a t u r d a y ' s G a m e s 
(All at P it t m a n S u ll iv a n ) 
I. gnipc v s 
B u rb a n k . se ve nth, IO IO a m 
F fix Tech v s W h ea tle y, third. I IO p m 
E d iso n v s S o m H o u sto n , c o n so la tio n , I JO je ffe rso n v s H ig h la n d s, c h a m p io n s h ip , 7 JO 

Non District 

P L E A S A N T O N 7, K E N E O Y 4 k .m rd v 
11o o2o o — t 
7 
5 
P le a sa n to n 
H O 2o3 x — I 
8 
I 
K ie sim g a n d D u m o n t 
H e rn a n d e z a n d So tclio 
W 
M e rn o n d o z 12 o) 
L — K ie s im g E a g le s now I 5. u v cn ge d e a rlie r se tback a g a in s t L io n s , now I I 
B u c k le y leads 

NORTH OLM STK I), Ohio (A P) - 
Roy Huck ley of Columbus, Ohio, won seven of eight matchplay games F ri­ day to take the lead in the $75,ooo 
Professional Howlers Association tournament. 
Buckley, seeking his first victory this season, advanced from third place with games of 225. 225. 192, 236. 195, 
238, 297 and 223 for an eight-game block of 1.742, a 217 average. His 
34-game total, including 4o5 bonus inns for 13 match play victories, is 8,o34. 
Pete Coil tun of Windsor, Conn., who started the day in fifth place, jumped to second by winning six matches. Ills 
34-game total was 7.9KH Rounding out the top five were George Poppas of 
Charlotte. N C., with a 7.977 total, 
Jim m y Certain of Huntsville. Ala . 
7,97o, and Wayne /.alin of Tempe, 
Ari/., 7 929 Wayne Webb of Rehoboth, 
Mass., the leader since the first round, averaged dilly 189 and fell to loth 

TriuittjM 'lioii* 
C O L L I G E F O O T B A L L 
L A M A R 
N a m e d Jim C leuk lin e b a c k e r c o a ch 
P R O B A S K E T B A L L 
P H O E N I X S U N S 
A c q u ir e d r ig h t s to cen te r 
B o y a r d F o rre s t tra m the Seattle S u p e r s o n ic s tor n s e c o n d r o u n d d r a f t p ic k a n d a n u n d is c l o s e d a m ou nt of c a sh 
Tra<*k 

S A IS D J U N O IR H IG H T R A C K - N O R T H Z O N E 
S E V E N T H G R A D E B O Y S 
Riley 115, T w ain I 79, W h itter 74, L o n g fe llo w 48, 
Tolono 43, M a n n 24, E m e r s o n 15. Ir v in g 5. 
E IG H T H G R A D E B O Y S 
Lon gfe llow 92* 
E m e r s o n 9o. W iley 79 i, W hitter bl. T w ain 5o 
, M o n o lh Ir v in g 24 . 
T a fo lla 8 

E d g e w o o d la y 
G ir ls ' F ie ld E v e n t s F in a ls 
(T e a m R s u lts — 
(th ro u g h F r i d a y 's field e v e n ts) 
H o lm e s 5o, K e n n e d y 26 j, M c C o llu m J I, E d is o n 18, 
W heatley 12. H o rlo n d o ie ll, E d g e w o o d 8, M e m o r ia l 
6, South So n 2' J, L a n ie r o. B u r b a n k o 
H ig h Junto — 
I 
B e n ito C o m p o s, M c C o llu m , 4 lo 
Im g , record, old r e c o rd s e t in 19/6 b y R u b y G a rc ia . 
M c C o llu m ! 
2 Ste p h a n ie M c N u llo . K e n n e d y , 4 IO 
(m o re m isse s ), 3. S h a r o n R o ss, M e m o r ia l, 4 8 
L o n g J u m p — 
I. D e b r a G a rre t! 
H o lm e s 
16 5 
(n e w re c o rd o ld re c O rd se t in 1976 b v V o i o n e 
Sutton, South S a n ) 
2 T ra c e y Jen se n H o lm e s lif t 
J 
B e t sy E c h o ls, H o lm e s 
15 6 ( J e n s o n a w a r d e d se con d on lo n ge st se c o n d (u m p ) 
D is c u s — 
I 
E d n a N ea t 
W h e a tle y 
1o3 4 (n e w record , old re c o rd set in 19/6 b y D ia n a R e y e s, South 
Sa n ) 
2 Annette S a n tia go . E d r.c n , 95 11 
J C r o n e 
F o rm s. H o rlo n d o ie , 9 ? 7 
T rip le J u m p — 
G a rre tt, H o lm e s ll 5 <, ? R o se n so ry G o n za le s, E d iso n , 19 9. 3 G e r a ld in e G o v o n , 
H olm es, 29 6 , (G o v a n w a s a w a rd e d th ird p la ce on longest se con d lu m p ) 
Shot P u t — 
I G o v a n . H o lm e s, 36 I (n e w re c o rd , old re c o rd set in 1976 b v S h a ro n M o o n e y . M e n to r io u , 2 R o se R o b in so n 
E d g e w o o d . 34 9, 3 
T o n y a 
Sp ellm on , K e n n e d y . 32-7 :. 

4 o -C H A N N E L D E LU X E F E A T U R ­ 
ED 
FULL 
LEG A L 
P O W E R 
C B 
M O B IL E . Dual conversion receiver with delta fine tuning, switchable ANL, variable squelch, active automatic gain control, large, lighted S/RFO meter ond 4o channel selector dial PH tuner, PA ond external CB switches, 
‘ Omni Power" operation — 12 volt DC, positive or negative ground. 2 VV' H x 6 Vs w x 7W d With microphone ond mounting 

 brocket. 

M ID LA N D M ODEL 7 7 -8 5 7 

SUGG. RETAIL $169.95 

» » 

W H IL E 

TH E Y LA ST 

I CB T R U N K 
CB SLIDE M O U N T 
P A O R EXT 
A N T E N N A 
P R E V E N T S THEFT 
S P E A K E R S 
$ 1 
2 
99 
$ 7 9 9 
$ g 9 9 

PA SPEAKER 

WEATHER 
PROOF 
. 
X 
CB SPEAKERS 
E X T E R N A L S P E A K E R 

/ 7 
YOUR 
CHOICE 

S u g g . R e t a il $ 1 4 . 9 5 

A pftpvtor S ffMktr. * 
I 
I? «<iti mellow* mn coit* #4 aw* (mw with factory w-*d I? H coed 9*4 
(Hug rood* »o ga Wtotbar Praof 

S u g g . R e t a il $ 1 4 . 9 5 

 fits all Cl radios 3x5 inch speokec. 5 
A oath, maximum IO watts Frequency x 
D 
X j ,(W 15,ooo Hz Contains a 17 ft cord with miniature plug Weather proof. 
For inside or under hood mounting, fxiellent voire clouty 
M id l a n d 
Deluxe 23 Channel 
CB RADIO 

LOOK AT THESE 
SUPER FEATURES 
SUPER DELUXE Model 13-882C. 

 lugged, quiet 23 channel AM mobile unit • ANI • 
Noise Wonkei • External Cl EA switch e Dfito tun mg • Antenna wormng light e High level modulo hon system e Maximum legal power 

Sugg. Ret. $199.95 

(obra 

E X E C U T IV E 2 6 
THE P E R F O R M A N C E R A D IO 
BUILT O N THE F A M O U S CO BRA 
29 CHASSIS PLUS RF G A IN 

THE 
TRUCKERS 
CHOICE 

 l i p 

L ^ a 

23 CHANNELS Of MAXIMUM POWER the Cobra 26 IS toited 
"The ReHermonce ladle ' betaine pro let trowel drivers prefer the 26 I lop refed feature! end perforate* ce. Jett check lins test Switchable noes# limiting (AMI), IF fain c*a tv el, Batta Tom, lite mmol ad Fewer 5 Natal, Ad|uttebie Iguelih, FA output. Oater bable dynamic mike and murk meta 
IN# Cabre 26 operates ti maximum legal pawer end entice! tea scil villas What it really means ta you is mere enjoyable use el your C l aper often Lee tar yourself why the Cabre 26 it the lien dard ai camp ar it en is the Crtiient Bend two-way radio industry 

Sutjg Retail $2)9.9$ 
7 SB 
SBSI 

OU A H 11TH V UMH ID 

NO BAIN CHECKS 
CHARGE (AROS. LAYAWAYS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— 
Saturday March 19 1977 
Birdsong leads 
N point parade 

NKW YO RK ( A P ) — O tis B ird so n g is lead in g all s c o r e r s in the N ational 
Invitation T o u r n a m e n t w ith 7K points. 
14 m o re than a n y o n e e ls e has sco red so tar. But. if you a s k H ouston Coach Oily 
Lew is the NTT h a s n ’t seen B ird so n g ’s best yet. 
B ird so n g has th e b lah s , said Lewis 
And Sunday w ould be a perfect lim e for him to sh ak e th e m in the NTT title 

 ga m e a g ain st St B onaventure. 
“ Otis B ird so n g is an A ll-A m erican if 
I ev er saw o n e,” Lewis said F rid ay . 
“ But h e ’d be* the first one to tell you th a t he h a s n ’t h a d a good t o u r n a ­ m e n t.” 
B ird so n g ’s NTT a v e ra g e of 26 points per g a m e is four less than his re g u la r season av erag e. 
“ H e ’s been up a g ain st top defensive 
TODAY’S 

D e a d l i n e 
Mon . 
5 P.M. 
3-21-77 

$5 o 4 5 o ‘ 8o‘ 8o6o 
IN G IF T C ER TIFIC A TE 
* 1 o 4 59-3b- 1o16 

IN G IF T C E R T IF IC A T E 

* 2 5 4 6 1 - 8 o - 1 o 5 4 

IN G IF T C ER T IFIC A T E 
* 1 o 2 2 7 - 1 2 - 2 6 6 3 

IN G IF T C E R T IF IC A T E 

* 2 5 4 5 3 - 46-9326 

IN G IF T CER TIFIC A TE 

* 1 o 4 6 5 - 3 o - 5 4 5 9 

IN G IF T C E R T IF IC A T E 

S1 o 4 5 1 - 9 8 - 4 9 o 4 

IN G IF T CER TIFICA TE 
* 1 o 457-68-4649 

IN G IF T C E R T IF IC A T E 

4o7-2o-6564 
TWO *5 SPURS TICKETS 
465-o1-1593 
TWO ‘5 SPURS TICKITS 

29o-18-27o7 
TWO '5 SPURS TICKETS 
381-1o-5546 
TWO *5 SPURS TICKITS 
453-8o-3o43 
TWO ’5 SPURS TICKETS 

C la im s n o t h o n o re d on Sat. o r Sun. 

W inners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW E E P ST A K E S ED ITO R at the Express N ew s building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. A IL PRIZES ARE IN THE F O R M O F GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FO R THE A M O U N T W O N RED EEM AB LE AT ST O R E S W H IC H 

H AVE A D V ER T ISE D IN THE S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S , 

O R W EEK E N D EXPRESS N E W S THIS W EEK. W inners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they m ay claim their two free 

 tickets to the home gam e of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH $ 1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BO N U S 
THAT C A N W IN Y O U UP TO 
$ 5 o o EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an A D D I­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you'll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YO U R ENTRY TO D AY 
The earlier you get it in, the more draw ings y o u ’ll be eligible for! 

N O PU R C H A SE N E C E S S A R Y . Entry cards also available at the Ex- press-News upon request. W inning numbers m ay be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8 :3 o a.m. to 5 :3 o p.m. M o n d a y - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

I. TO IN T ER 

«*,*•» off ra«h*#*##4 
» fa rw * « ti« fl aw d y«M*r itMMri W r u u ty N w m k « r a n d mm* it t a t W l l M T A K l t IX 
P R U S 
AMO 
M W ! 
P O 
ROK 
3SR S, R an A n to n io T e a m TR S P ? 
TImi a n try c o u p o n *»*»* R o o d h t r 
• a to o p o e t* a * ct. c m M * o tto4. a n d m o lto # M o p u t c h o t o ** re* to o n to * 
I n tr y « « * # • o tto 
« t 
M o l* p * o * t 
Oft** 
M ow *, A v o I a n d T h ird Rf., fro m 
• 3© o .m to 
$ 3 o p m w o o * d o y* Ro to t o to <h#«fc M o 
Y U 
R o* it y o u w ith to to R tc rtO o To 
M o t i p c n o r M ow * o r b o th o r rf y o u w ith to o d d o n M o oM o» p o p o r O r NM an M o 
M O 
R o c »♦ yo u d e n o t w ith to 
*oR»*r*R« lith e r w a y y o u a r # ai*p*Rto to r 
M a p i t * ) *# y o u t a n d rn th o cam * 
’ p la te d e n try c o rd 

7. PR IZES 
P ra te s wrtM h o o N o r o d deedy, M o n ­ d a y th r o u g h f r i d a y rn M o R an 
A n to n io I • (►»#** a n d T h# M o o t a n d S a tu r d a y a n d S u n d a y tm M o iv p r e s t M ow *, h a t e d o n o d r a w 
.avg c o n d ue to d d o tty e n d o n h i . d a y * lo r 
M o w e e k e n d * a n d 
M o n d a y * 
W m o o r » w ifi h o e w e r d e d p b c o r ti f ic o to t o a t* M a g 
M o m lo th e ir c h o tc o a l r e ta il m ore b a n d i to 
T ram h r n t t w h o how # a d * o r a t e d rn M o R an A n ­ to n io lo p r o t c 
T ho M o w * o r Ro* o r d a y o r S u n d a y iwfM Oft*-Mo w t d u rin g t h a t w e e h 

SUMBA V 
P R U IS 
WILL 
CONSIST 
O f 
ROMOS 
MO M R ! RS 
W ORTH 
RI ©o© O R 
M O R I 
SACH 
W U K 
PIU S IO SPU RS RS TICK ITS I ACH 
SUMO AY 

 lf 
M o w in n e r o f 
M o 
S u n d e r 

 it 
O p r o to n * 
•o fc tc rth e r to M o d o tty S o n A n- ta n to ( a g r o te o n d T ho N o w * h o o r th o w ilt h o o w o r d o d o n a d ­ d itio n a l RSO© rn p rig # * tf 
M o 
S u n d a y Ro n u t N u m b e r w in n e r a* rn p ro to n * tuh t« r* bo * to M o d o ily 
C o p ra# * OR Tho M ow * h o o r th # w ilt h o o w o rd o d e n a d d itio n a l 
S iS O n p rise s 

SATURDAY K R U IS W IU CO N SIST 
O f 
SSO ( I) i i ll) t o < Si 
7 SPURS RS TICKITS ( I PA IR ) 

P A R Y H u h IM ROTH THI IM ­ 
PA IRS AMO THI M IW S 

SSO ll) 
I S ll) 
IO ( I) 
I SPURS ss TICKITS ( I PA IR) 

A 
TOTAL 
O f 
S iO O 
IM 
P R U IS 
DAILY P l u s • RS SPURS TICKITS! 

3. M O W Y O U C A N 
W IN : 
A d r a w in g w ill h o h o ld d a ily to d e te r m in e 
M o f o llo w in g d a y * w an n e r* 
S a tu rd a y 
S u n d a y a n d 
M o n d a y w in n e r* w ill h o d r o w n th o p re c e d in g f rid a y 
Tho o a th * * y o u te n d rn y o u r e n tr y 
M o m o r e w o o S s yo u wall h o e lig ib le to w in p rice * ! 

4. D I A O U N ! TO C L A IM 
PRIZES 
W in n in g n u m b e r* w ill h o pvfeti»h-- 
« d o«« h d a y in th o S a n Ant © m o 
I a pf#**.. Tho- M ow *, e n d S a tu r d a y e n d 
S u n d ay 
(a p r# * * M ow * 
S u ­ p ra * * w ein er* w ill h a w # u n til n o o n M o ta llo w in g d a y to s t o w p ra te * 
N o w s w in n e rs w ill hear# 

 u n til S p m M o fo llo w in g d a y to c ta tm p ris e * lf a w in n in g n u m b e r 
I* p u b is M o d o n f r i d a y . S a tu r d a y o r S u n d a y 
M o p r is e * m u tt h o c la im e d b y S p m 
M o f o llo w in g 
M o n d a y o r th e y w ill h o f o r f e i te d 
W in n e r* m a y c o rn o to M o Clr* cirterio n 
D e p t a t 
M o lo p ro * * - 
M ow * b u ild in g 
A v o 
I a n d T hird 
St to d ata* M o n p r is e * 
T h ey m u st h a v e p r o o f o f M ot# S o c ia l 
So cu r tty n u m b e r p r e f e r a b l y rn 
S o cial S o « u rtfy c o rd p h i o M o r id o n ttftc a fio n 
W an ner* m u tt c o n ­ ta c t M o ( a p r e s s o n d M ow * b y th # a p p r o p r ia te d e a d lin e p f p r is e * w ill h o to r te it o d 

5. W H O M A Y IN T ! R 

Tho RSO OOO Sweepstake* l l rn o p e n to a n y r e ti d e n t o f a n * e r a # w H er * th o S o n A n to n io E vp r# * * e n d Tho M ow * o r# d is t r ib u t e d 
T ho o n ly r o g w iro m e n t *#* that h o o r sfso h o v o o 
S o c ia l 
S e c u rity n u m b e r E m p lo y e e * a n d im m e d i­ a te fa m ilie s o f 
I a p r# * * -M ow * 
C o rp o n d 
W o rld 
R e la tin g 
C e th e ir a g o n ia o n d d<fttrM o to r* o r e n o t o h g tb io 
MO 
RURCMAS! 
IS 
M ICISSA RV TO IM TIR OR CLAIM 
A K R U ! 
A n e n try c o rd wall b o tu rm o ile d arpen ro g u e s# f ro m M o 
Son 
A n to n io 
( a p r e s * a n i 
Tho 
N o w s fro m R U O e m to 
I JO p rn w e e k d a y * 
W in n in g n u m ­ b e r* m a y b o v ie w e d e t M o l a p f Oft* M ow * b u ild in g fro m i i JO e m to I JO p m 
M o n d a y 9 rf. d a y , o r a t p u b lic lib re tto * d u r in g o p e n 
H our* 
YOU 
M H O 
MOT 
S U R K R IR I 
OR 
M A K I 
AMY 
KUR CH A S! R ut y o u m u tt e n t e r to b o etsg rb te to w m 
THIS O f t lR IS 
VOID 
W H I RI 
RI STRIC TIO 
RY 
LAW 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
L 

 i abb a m boo e m A D H E R E T O P O S T C A R D , P L E A S E ! ■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 

San A ntonio Empress 

 lire* New s ‘5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 

Mot! lo 
( i p 't i t a->d 
S W E E P S T A K E S 
IO * • 2585 
Son Antonio, T*.ot 78297 
ATTEN OSCULATION DEPT 

BEY S O C I A * M C W O IT T M U M B t B I * . 
□ 
V IS 
□ 
NO 

P icot* 
*m *i rn* in th* 
SW E E P ST A K E S cmd I would ilk* to *nt*> a cutout iphon ot 

 i n d i c a t e d b e l o w to t 
U t* n e t t 

9 o d o y t 

 n e a t * 
* n l* i mo in the 
SW E E P ST A K E S but I p.«l«- not to o 'd*> o cubit ra tio n to th* pu|j*<t ot Hut Itnt* 

NAME 

A D D 9 E S S 

CITY 

TElErHONt 

Apr 

 s t a t e 
/lf 

 p la y e rs all th ro u g h th e t o u r n a m e n t and I g u e ss t h a t’s p a rt of the re a s o n ,” said Lewis. 
B i r d s o n g , a s e c o n d - t e a m 
A ll-A m erican, needs ju st 22 po in ts in the title g a m e to b e co m e th e 12th p lay er in NIT histy to hit IOO for the to u rn a m e n t. L ew is, how ever, would like m o re than that. 
" W e ’re c e r t a i n l y not a o n e - m a n 

 team , but he averager! 3o.4 points p er g a m e d u rin g the season and I like to think his no rm is m o re than th a t.” the coach said. 
Lew is said he w as p a rtic u la r)’ tro u ­ bled by B ir d s o n g ’s p e r fo r m a n c e in 
H o uston’s 82-76 se m ifin a l victor) over 
A lab am a. T h e C o u g ar s ta r was lim ited to 18 points. 
“ F o u r or five tim e s. In1 drove for the 

 basket and then slipped b a c k ,” said 
Lewis. “ I asked him if he had bor­ rowed som ebody else’s shoes. I don t think he knows w h a t’s w ro n g him self. 
But h e ’s certain ly h a sn ’t played up lo his p o ten tial." 
1 
B ird so n g is alm ost certain to be a first-round choice in the N ational B a s­ ketball A ssociation draft and Lew is p re d ic ts the 6-foot-4 g u a rd will be a 

 g reat pro player. H e ’d like to be great once m o re for Houston though. 
St. B onaventure, w hich reach ed the cham pionship g a m e w ith an 86-82 d e ­ c ision o v e r V illa n o v a . h o p e s B i r d ­ so n g ’s blues last one m o re g am e. 
“ If Otis is having a b ad to u rn a m e n t, 
I s u r e ho p e he d o e s n ’t get g o in g a g a in s t u s .” sa id J i m S a talin , the 
Bunnies' coach. 

 f~] Piecer trait delivery o* tho N e w t * 5>u«*fo» CJ f>l*ot* n o It delivery ot tho E -p r*tt * Su nd e r 

P p ic o t* Port d e liv e r ot both f ipr * ti ond N ew t 

□ 
J 
Cli'code O c u t o u t ber to tho t mptott p ic o t* odd tho N e w * M o n d o r Eridor <o m, tuft tin g lie r' 

D 
I am otreody a t o b u r ib *r to tho N * w t p le at* odd rh* I uprate M o n d o , E nd o r To mi eubetr.pt .on 

McCullough leads by 2 over Watson 

JACKSONVILLE. Fla. (AP) — Mike McCullough, one of the longest of the longshots in a field of stars, confidently conquered the whipping winds that destroyed the tempo and tempers of his fellows, shot a 74 and retained a two-stroke lead Friday in the second round of the $3oo,ooo Tournament Players Cloit Cham­ pionship. 
“ .lust do the best you can,” shrugged McCullough, a 31-year-old former school teacher who hasn’t com e close to winning in five years of tour activity and, until his opening HH, hadn't even led a tour event. 
M cC u l l o u g h reacts to b o g e y on 2nd hole Friday 
AP WIREPHOTO 

T h is tim e his 14o total, four u n d e r par. w as one of only two s u b -p a r scores for 26 h o le s o v e r i n c r e d i b l y to u g h 
S a w g r a s s , 7,174 y a r d s of r e c l a i m e d m a r s h a n d s w a m p s w e p t b y w in d s g u s tin g well above 46 m iies p e r hour 
These c o n d itio n s tu r n e d th e b e s t e f­ fo rts of the g a m e 's g r e a te s t p la y e rs in to p a t h e t i c , s o m e t i m e s a l m o s t lau g h ab le, p e rfo rm a n ce s. 
T o m W atson, a tw o-tim e w in n e r a l­ r e a d y t h is y e a r , m a t c h e d M c C u l ­ lo u g h ’s 74 with a 41-33 and w as alone iii second at 142. 
T h e c o u rs e , lo n g , tig h t, w ith tiny h u m p b a c k e d g re e n s , is being p layed by th e tourists for th e first tim e. It had th e r e p u t a t i o n of b e in g o n e of th e toughest in the co u n try , and th e u n u ­ sual wind from the w e s t tu rn ed it into so m e th in g a p p ro ac h in g a n ig h tm a re 
It w a s a h o rro r show on tin* course. 
But. a fte r th«* p la y e r s ’ te m p e rs cooled, they joked about it iii the loeker room. 
" I f this w as un a irp o rt, it would he c lo s e d ," said J o h n Schlee. 
" W h a t ’s th e a v e r a g e s c o r e g o n n a lx*?” som eone ask ed . ’’W ithdrew ,” r e ­ plied Allen M iller, 
" N e v e r enjoyed a golf to u rn a m e n t s o m u ch in m y life,” said J e r r y M cBee, who inju red his toe, b an g in g it w ith a p u t te u n d w ith d r e w b e fo re t h e firs t round startl'd. 
" H e ’s th e s m a r t e s t p la y e r in th e field ,” said B ru ce Lietzke " I took 2o sw in g s at m y too out th ere to d ay and m isse d it every t im e ." 

UCLA missing 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 

Somehow it just won’t be the same. UCLA won't be there. 

Tile N ational C ollegiate A thletic As­ s o c ia tio n u sed to be n ic k n a m e d th e 
I ’CLA I n v ita tio n a l, a tr ib u t e to tin* 
B ru in s long-term lock on college b a s ­ k e tb a ll's national c h am p io n sh ip . 
O h , t h e r e w e r e a few t i m e s th e y didn t quite m a k e it all the way Last y ear. Ih«* first one u n d e r Coach G ene 
B a r to w , th e y f i n i s h e d t h ir d in th e to u rn ey , losing lo e v en tu al ch am p io n 
I n d i a n a in th** n a t i o n a l s e m i f i n a l . 
T h r e e y e a r s a g o . J o h n W o o d e n ’s next-to-last as coach of the Bruin d y n ­ asty, they w ere th ird ag ain , dro p p in g a d o u b le-o v ertim e natio n al sem ifin al to 
N orth C arolina State. 
O t h e r th a n t h o s e tw o s lip s a u d a non-playolf season iii 1966. the B ru in s had been to the final four every y e a r s in c e 1964 And of c o u r s e they w e re g iv en a stro n g shot at b ein g h ack in that select circle ag ain this year. 
A f t e r a ll, U C L A w a s 24-4 a n d seco n d -ran k ed in tile nation and, a lth ­ 

 ough the B ru in s w ere facing an Idaho 
State tea m with the s a m e re co rd , the 
B ig S k y c h a m p s w e r e r e l a t i v e n o ­ bodies, not even in the national ra n k ­ ings. T h e b ig q u e stio n w a s w h e th e r 
UCLA could slow down high-pow ered, fo urth-ranked N evada-L as V egas in the 
NCAA’s West Regional final on S a tu r­ day night 

W hat n o b o d y f ig u re d w a s th e Big 
Sky falling in on the Caci fir-8 “ No one knows m u ch about the Big Sky because we d o n ’t get the television e x p o su re ," 
Idaho S ta te Coach J i m K illin g sw o rth sa id a f te r tin* B e n g a ls s h o c k e d th e 
B ru in s 76-73 'T hursday n ig h t, e n d in g 
U C L A 's 1o-year re ig n u s th e NCAA 
W e s t's c h a m p io n s . " B u t w e p ro v e d w e’re a fine co n fere n ce ." 

Now th ey h av e to p ro v e it all over a g a i n — to N e v a d a -L a s V e g a s , w h ich fended off 1 4th-runkcd U tah 88-83 in the o th er NCAA West sem ifin al. 
In S a tu r d a y ’s o th er re g io n al finals, top-ranked M ichigan goes ag ain st No. 
17 N orth C arolina-C harlotte in the Mi­ d east at L exington, Ky., th ird -ra n k e d 
■ K entucky faces fifth-rated N orth C aro ­ 

 lina in the E as t title g a m e at College 
P a rk , M d., and No. 7 M arq u ette tak e s on No. 9 W ake F o re s t in the M idw est ch am p io n sh ip at O k la h o m a City. T he four w inners head for th<* national s e ­ m ifinals in A tlanta. 

" I th in k w e p l a y e d a v e r y f in e t e a m ," said B artow , w ho for th e s e ­ cond straig h t y e a r failed to begin an o d y ssey like W o o d e n 's . " T h e y w e re obviously very well p re p a re d for us ... 
We did not u n d e re s tim a te Idaho State. 
Tiiev just c a m e out an d played a g re at g a m e ." 

J u s t as Idaho S tate beat the B ru in s by em ploying one of I C LA's m o st ef­ fective w eapons, a m u rd e ro u s defense, the R ebels fro m L as V e g as g a m b le d and won by co-opting a U tah tactic. 

"W e went to o u r delay g a m e in the final m in u te to g e t th e easy layup. We w ere able to get a cou p le of ch eap ones th a t w a y . ” C o a c h J e r r y T a r k a n i u n said “ I knew if U tah got the lead, they would go into a stall. W e beat th em at their own g a m e If U tah had gone into a stall, we definitely would have been iii trouble " 
Results 
J A C K S O N V I L L E . F IO 
( A P ) - 
S e c o n d ro u n d s c o r e s F r i d a y in the *3oo.ooo T o u rn a m e n t P lo v e r s 
G o lt 
C h a m p i o n s h i p o n th e 
7 ,1 74y ard . p a r 72 
S a w g r a s s c o u rse 
M is e M cC u llo u g h 
T o m W a tso n 
Mi 74— 14o 
68 7 4 -1 4 2 
68 7 6 -1 4 4 
73 7 1 -1 4 4 
6V 7 6 - 145 
72 7 4 - 146 
74 7 1 - 147 
7) 74 
147 
75 72 - 14/ 
75 7 7 - 147 
74 74 -1 4 8 
6V 7 V -1 4 8 

R a y F lo y d 
B o b t . Sm ith 
J C. S f e o d 
M a r k H a y e s 
L o r r y Ziegler 
J o c k N ic k ia u s 
T o m W e iskop t 
B ill R o g e rs 
L a r r y N elso n 
B ru c e D e v lin 
D o n B te s 
M ik e Hilt 
R e * C ald w ell 
H a le lr win 
J o h n Schlee 
S ie v e M e tn v k 
G e o rg e B u r n s 
T e rr y D ieh l 
G r o h a m M a r s h 
P eter O o stc rhuts 
G rie r Jo n e s 
T o m J e n k in s 
B ru c e Lret/ke 
G a r y M c C o rd 
Roger M aitre 
M ille r B a rb e r 
D a le H a y e s 
G a r y G ro h 
G e n e Littler 
C a rlto n W hite 
B o b E a stw o o d 
D o n n y E d w a r d s 
P h il R o d g e rs 
H u b e rt G re e n 
M a t M c L e n d o n 
A rt W ail 
B o b D ic k so n 
E d D o u g h e rty 
L o o n y W a d k in s 
B ill K tO U ert 
R ik M a sse n g a te 
G e o rg e Johnson 
B o b M e n ne 
L o o G ra h a m 
K e n Stilt 
J im S im o n s 
G e o rg e Cadie 
L e e E ld e r 
V ie R e g a la d o 
Joe In m a n 
G o r y P la y e r 
B o b b y W aU el 
E d S a b a 
A rn o ld P a lm e r 
A la n Table 
F r e d M a rti 
D o n Iv e rso n 
B ill G a rre tt 
Jo h n n y M ille r 
D a n S ik e s 
A lle n M ille r 
B o b G ilder 
J im Dent 
J o h n Sc hr oecli'i 
C h a r le s f o o d s 
J im M o ss e r to 
B u d A u m 
M ik e R e id 
G U M o i o oh 
I s n Lott 
T om P grt/ e r 
G o r y K o c h 
L e o n a r d T h o m a so n 
Joe P o rte r 
T o m m y A a ro n 
R o n C e rro d o 
T o m m y M c G in n is 
B o b /ender 
F rank Beard 
Fa ile d to Q u a lity 
H o w a rd T W itty 
74 8 2 - 156 
K e rm it /.arles 
B ill M o n o n 
S ig n Attgc.lt 
M ik e W y n n 
B o b b y Cole 
B u tc h B a ird 
W a lly A rm stro n g 
T o m K ite 
D w ig h t N evil 
D a v e New ciuist 
D o n M a s se n g u ie 
Al G eiber oei 
W o o d y Block bu rn 
D o n J a n u a ry 
B o b b y W u d k ins 
R o d C u rl 
B u n y Jae ckel 
M o n ty K a se r t o n H in kle 
B o b b y N ic h o ls 
A rite M c N ickle 
D a v e Cie b e lte r ger 
B e n C re n sh u w 
G e o rg e K h u d so n 
Ste ve v e n a to 
R o d P u n se th 
C o lv in P e e l* 
M ik e R e o su r 
A n d s N orth 
M a r t y P a c k m a n 
F d Sneed 

68 8 o -1 4 8 
I t 7 6 -1 4 V 
75 74 
14V 
77 7 7 - 14V 
1-4 7 5 - 14V 
IS 7 6 - I 4 V 
I I t i 
149 
IS 7 7 -1 5 o 
73 7 7 -1 5 o 
/I / « - ISO l l 78 
ISO 
75 7 5 - ISO 
75 7 5 -1 5 o 
76 7 5 - 151 
75 7 6 - I S I 
74 l l - ISI 
74 7 7 -1 5 1 
73 7 8 -1 5 1 
8o 7 1 -1 5 1 
76 75 - 151 
73 7 8 - 151 
7 5 7 6 
ISI l l 7v— ISI 
71 8 1 -1 5 7 
74 78 - 157 
74 n 
's . ’ 
71 7 V -I5 2 
73 7 9 -1 5 ? 
73 7 9 - 15? 
6V 8 3 -1 5 2 l l 8 o -1 5 2 
76 76 - 152 
74 78 
152 
76 76 • IS? l l 7 6 - 153 
76 7 7 - 153 
76 7 7 - 153 
73 8 o -1 5 3 
75 / » - 153 
72 8 1 - 153 
74 7 9 -1 5 3 
74 1 9 - 153 
69 84 -153 
78 75 
75 78 l l l l 
75 19 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
LED WATCH SALE 

153 
I5J 
154 
154 
76 7 | - 154 l l 7 7 -1 5 4 
78 7 6 -1 5 4 
IS 8 1 -1 5 4 
It 78 - 154 
75 7 9 -1 5 4 
71 8 3 -1 5 4 

IS 8 1 -1 5 4 
75 79 
154 
75 8 o -1 5 5 
78 l l - ISS 
75 8 o - 
76 79- 
TI 8 3 - 
79 76- 
76 79- 
76 79- 
76 79- 
8o 75- 
76 79- 

155 
ISS 
155 

ISS 
ISS 
ISS 
ISS 
I t 7 9 - I S 

Ii 8 1 -1 5 6 
8o 7 6 -1 5 6 l l 84 -1 5 6 
IS 8 3 -1 5 6 
78 7 1 -1 5 6 
79 7 7 -1 5 6 
I i 8 1 -1 5 6 
78 7 8 -1 5 6 
I i 8 2 - 1 5 / 
76 8 1 - 1 5 / 
73 84 - 1 5 / l l 8 o - 1 5 / 
It 8 2 -1 5 8 
75 8 3 - 158 
It 8 ? 
74 84 
7 / 81 
14 84 
Ii 83 

158 
158 
158 
158 
158 
158 
158 
158 
158 
ISO 
159 
72 82 -1 5 9 
84 It 
16o 
8o 8o-16o l l 8 3 -1 6 o 
2 / 8 3 - 1 6 o 
I t 84 -1 6 o 

It 82 
8o 78- 
8o 78 
79 79- 
19 8o 
76 83 

I CHB 

M EN’S LED 
WATCHES— 6 
FUNCTION 

• Hour • M inu te 
• Second • M o n th 
• D ate • D a y 
Asst. Styles 
W h ite or Y e llo w 
All M e ta l 
C ase & Band 

DNB \ 

YO U R 
CHOICE 
SPECIAL * 1 5 " 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 
PEANUTS 
•Saturday March I 9_1 977 
MUTT and JEFF v s u c r w e s a id 

PLAYIN' C A R D S WlM 
T O M M Y - ‘E 'AS y r 
INSOMNIAS© BAD \ 
THAT 'E C A N 'T J e v e n s l e e p ^ 
P 
WHEN 'E'S O N J CTV 
NIGHT S H I F T J 
H• J 

 i n 
AA I 
I 

 i - / 9 

... BUT >OU 
NEVER DO 
AND NOW I'VE MISSED A \ THINGS 
WHOLE D M OF REHEARSAL 
; LIKE THAT' 
EITHER BECAUSE I WASN'T TOLD, 
OR I DIDN'T HEAR WHERE WE D / . 
BE WORKING TOOM, NAT/ 

IS YOUR HUSBAND 
IN PRISON, CARLA 

WELL,I'M DOING THEM 
NOH >VLL B£ ASHAMED 
TO FACE THEM 
TOMORROW/ 

\ 
DON'T BE 
ASHAM ED/ 
IIM PUTTING 
AN END TO 
ALL THIS/ 

MEANWHILE. 

WHY DO YOU SUPPOSE 
MISS PERKINS FAILED 
TO SHOW UP TODAY., 
ROGER?/ 

MAYBE IT 'S 
BECAUSE 
YOU'VE G O T 
HER SO RATTLED, 

 m rW iZ A R P OF IP 

Y(OUP & o N H A & a n 
C 7 V & P B IT E : 
Thank you for a very nice time, Grandma! We ll come visit you again — maybe TOMORROW! ’ 
WOW! I think I can see clear into TOMORROW!" 

VERA VALIANT 

TELL. M E, 
R AM O N A— 
HOW D IP IT 
? HOW D ID 
YOU C IC O N E — 
A G AN G S TE R 'S 
M O LL 

I SUPPOSE I AAS YOUN&-- a n d 
FOOL IS H --A N D FELL IN LOVR 
WITH THE WRONG MAN. 

ACROSS 

1 Snatch 
4 Hauls 
8 Craving 
12 I possess 
(contr) 
13 Evil g>ant 
14 Song for a diva 
15 Nothing 
16 Mountain pass in India 
17 Conducts 
18 Former candidate 
Stevenson 
2o Divots 
22 Here (Fr) 
24 Recent (prefix) 
25 Central 
Europeans 
29 Disinclined 
33 Depression initials 
34 Hop 
36 College athletic group 
37 Aligns 
39 Heavenly city 
41 Mistake 
42 Lukewarm 
44 Map 
46 By birth 

48 Female saint 
(abbr) 
49 True 
53 Cisalpine land 
57 Ersatz 
58 Musical medley 
6o Thieve 
61 Hairy man 
62 Family group 
63 Gndder group 
(abbr) 
64 Gums 
65 Poultry 
66 Greek totter 

D O W N 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

 lX a 'd J P ^ T oJ 
A. V t j [ L f V A 

V o f l o ' H j T t * at i ’ i ' i ' s 

' s ' t i 
I t T i ; S i t i 
I w Ti 1 1 T o 

1 One of 
Columbus ships 
2 Very eager 
3 Ringing device 
4 Showing good judgment 
5 Exclamation of disgust 
6 Graduate 
(abbr) 
7 Imbed firmly 
(2 wds) 
8 Satire 
9 River in 
Rustle 

1o Math term 
11 Scotch cup 
19 Objective 
21 Actor Ferrer 
23 Don Juan s mother 
25 Small fly 
26 Indian tribe 
27 Overpass approach 
28 Told 
3o Maple genus 
31 Village in ireland 
32 Damage 
35 Peas (Fr) 
38 Snaky 
4o lands 

43 Of God (tat) 
45 Obtain 
47 Tennyson hero 
49 Runs 
5o Actress 
Lanchester 
5 I Low tide 
52 She (Fr) 
54 Actress 
Bancroft 
55 Elevator 
56 Charitable or­ ganization 
(abbr) 
59 Author 
Fleming 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 
ACROSS 
5o Semitic 

F rid a y s P u zzle S o lv e d 

E 
5 b s ? _ T 5 I 
N^xr; BOOM BOOM BOGART! 

SPIDER MAN r DOWT HORRY, 

M A Y M V S W E E T , 
I ' M N O T 
O f-fE HO ED BY p e t e v e h o * r u e a t t it u d e 1 

BUT T H E R E '* NO 
RFA EON WHY YOUR 
NEPHEW AND I c a n 't b e t h e b e s t o f FR iFN D G , 
EH, L A D 7 

T H E R E '* O N E 2 r 
R EA G O N - - 
E P iQ E R -M A N IG 
YOUR MORTAL 
EN E N Y / 

I 
2 i 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1o 
11 

12 
13 
14 

15 
16 
17 

18 
19 
IKI 

21 

22 idI 
25 
26 
27 
28rn 
29 
32' 

33 
71aj 
35 n 
36 

37 
38 rnI 

4o 

42 
43 r n ll 

45 

46 
ornI 
49 
5o 
51 
52 r n 
53 
54 
55 
56 

57 
58 
59 
6o 

61 
62 
63 

64 
65 
6o im 

1 Greater in importance 
6 Small in quantity 
I I Mont Blanc. for one 
14 Sweet liqueur 
15 Regard with love 
16 Deterrent 
I 7 Seed-ealm^ bird 
18 Excite agreeably 
2o Puts into words 
22 Thin wooden strips 
 disapproval 
25 Feline mammals 
28 Task performing groups 
29 Mouths 
3o Mercury and Mars 
32 Alabama city 
34 Cessation of activity 
39 Opponents 
4 2 Perspired 
43 Mad 
45 Nasal voice tone 
46 Mexican dishes 
49 Offer in competition 

 deity 
54 Hit in baseball 
55 Platform over water 
56 Book ol charts 
SB Traps 
6o Untnghtened 
2 words 
6 3 
Dvorak 
66 Chemical suffix 
67 Continue 
68 Serviceable 
69 Series 
Abbr 
7o Take objection 
71 Kind of braid 

DOWN 

I A I A ft 
Ss A 
S 
J 
I 
A G 
A 
L <) ►. F g 
H 
Ii 
£ 
-- 
£ 
I r a fi 
| 
A 
) ft j f 
I 
L k 
L ft 
M A 
F ti 
- n ft f r 
£ n 
L 
T 
o I p 

: 
' 
- 
I y f 
5 
5 
• y A •a ' 
A ft 
P 
A tT F 
T 
A p f 
M 
N 
A N 
A v s 
I 
T 
A 
» 
T 
A lr 
N 
A r 
6 s f 
M A 5 
H 
I 
A ft 
( 
V 
T f 
£ 
T f p ft 
I r p T A 

1 Show biz characters 
2 ■*••• you ready?" 
3 Holy City 
4 Neglects 
5 Payment tor 27 use 
6 P ro 
3o 
For one s country 
31 
7 Thomas 
Alva and family 
8 - • u p 
Count 
9 Three 
Prefix 
1o Vigorous outcry 

33 

 i t 

Reduce in degree 
Machine tool 
Harass 
Chem class 
Building wing 
Watered down 
"Good 
Night girl 
Brings in a profit 
Arrange neatly 
“ 
Your 
Wagon" 
Small barracudas 
Fr tide of respect 
Abbr 
Animal s loot 
OI one s ancestors 
S uper natur a 

 creature 
38 I rimmer 
4o And others 
2 words 
41 Partly 
Preti* 
44 venire 
Belly dance 
4 7 Financial institution 
48 Gay 
Nineties e g 
5o Deadly poisons 
51 Expiate 
52 Modify 
53 ---Palmas 
55 Num erics’ prefix 
57 Saute! fish 
59 A Castro 
61 Mr Burrows b2 Border 
64 Little Suffix 
65 ’ enms goat rn 

 i 
4 n i 
14 

 t ^ 
SEM 

^Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

 iv 

64 
65 

71 

Poge 
8-C * 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Soturdoy March 19 1977 

F A N T A 
• 
S N A 

% 
S 5 . 7 5 T O M H . II5 
^ 
( o m i : T K » n M ; H 

• 
1*111 M IC i l l i t S M I . ! ! . * 

I n I • r rn t a I • • 
WONDER I i(«t in ut; 

1 :15-3:2o-5:25 
7:3 o-9:35 

 it«iw Hwjtrmiiii 

I 2 :3 o -2 :4 5 -5 :o o 

7 :1 5 -9 :3 o 

• 97oo SAN PEDRO AT 431 MCCARTY n is ir v a t io n s # 
o 
3 Biles. N. Of COOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 6 4 o 9 Q 

The Best 
Entertainment 
Picture 
Of 1977 

» 
S I L V E R S T R E R K 

P G 
*979 ?oTm CtBlUBV « 

IW C o f f e r in g H a m le t 

“ Everything you ever wanted to know about 
Hamlet’ but were afraid to ask” could be the name of a new course to be offered at Incarnate 
Word College. 

The college's continu­ ing education program is taking the upcoming production of “ Hamlet” to use the resources of the drama and English faculties to delve into 

 what the play is all about, as literature- and produc­ tion 
The' four-part course on 
Hamlet, called Eternity or Entirety, begins on 
March 28 and continues 
Irish Fling Sunday 

 tC K X l O MIT 
SAT SUN 
WTI* DATS 
UTH SMTX 
ALAMO AAN* GARAS! 

337 5381 

 ll MAA* 

41.35 

TIU 

3 OO P M 

"R A C E " ll oo-3 15-5:3o8 4S 

"BEY O N D ’ l l 35-3 4o-6 55-1o o5 
T V 

Its another world 

IILIibL'J 
E v a n s 

 no 
" U P " l l 35-3 oo-6:3o-1o:oo 

Im p a s s e s 
’ ’V I X E N S " I oo-425-7.55 

GENERAL CINEMA THEATRES 
NORTHSTAR E VERY DAY TIL I 3o P.M ■-SI SO 

A tribute to American ingenuity. 
FUN W ITH 
PICK A N O JA N E 
LAST (6 ) D A Y S (PG) 
EXCLUSIVE 
I 2-2-4-6-8-1o 

 a f A D I A I A C U ” 
12:45-2.35-4:25 
LAK W A )n (poi o io-sos vso 
McCRELE 

533-o431 
“ M A R A T H O N M A N ” (R) 

I 2 :4 5 - 3 :o o - 5 :1 5 - 7 : 3 o - 9 : 4 5 

Proof that once the 
Irish start celebrating it takes a while for them to stop will be offered Sun­ day at the Institute of 
Texan Cultures. 
The institute is spon­ soring an Irish Fling at 3 p.m. as the final event in the St Patrick Day cele­ brations which began 
Thursday. 
Formal entertainment 

 begins on the stage under the dome at 4 p m with 
Sister Teresa Carter’s 
Traditional 
Irish 
Dancers, followed by 
Irish tenor .John Don­ ahue 
The family entertain­ ment is free and open to the public. There will be free institute parking for visitors coming to the party. 

Christopher Columbus 
Italian Society 

Su n d ay, M a rch 2o 

A uth e n tic S p a g h e tti a n d M e a tb a ll D in n e r 
Columbus Hall 
2o1 M orales 

Continuous S e rvin g I I a.rn.-7 p.m . 

 do n atio n $2 .o o 

Food To G o A v a ila b le 

(Highest Rating) 
* 

ACADEMY 
AWARD 
NOMINATIONS 

BEST ACTOR 

SYLVESTER STALLONE 
BEST ACTRESS 

March 29 and April 
On April I those signed up for the course will see 
(he “ Hamlet’’ production in the college’s auditor­ ium. The course runs from 7:3o p.m. to 9:3o p.rn on throe nights and the play itself begins at 8 p.m. 
British actor in resi­ dence and Hamlet direc­ tor Ronald Ihhs will join 
Arthur Sierra, assistant professor of English, in leading the discussion sessions. 
Richard .Jones, who will star in the IWC pro­ duction, will also speak to the class 
All of the classes will hi* in the college auditor­ ium with the “ Hamlet” set as the backdrop. 
Continuing education courses are open to the 
Opera 

Reservations are being accepted for an afternoon course in “ Opera Over­ tures” to he offered by the San Antonio Opera 
Clinid in cooperation with 
St 
Mary’s Continuing 
Education Program 
The course will he conducted by Harold 
Greenlee, charter member of the Master- singers and choral direc­ tor of Alamo Heights 

RICHARD JONES 
. . . in class public and formal college admission is not re­ quired 
The one-time fee for the course is SF) and in­ cludes a ticket to the production. Anyone may register for the classes course 

High School 
The class will meet on 
Thursdays from I pm. to 
‘J ilt) p.m. at the Opera 
House, 
148 West Olmos 
Drive. 
“ La Bohetne.” “ Nor­ ma” and “ The Magic 
Flute” will be discussed during the class. 
Tuition for the class is 
Silo For further informa­ tion and a brochure, phone 438-3321. 
Singers lo perform 

The music of Bette 
Midler will be sand­ wiched between that of 
Neil 
Diamond and 
Rossini's “ William Tell 
Overture” by the Long­ horn Singers at 8 p rn. Sa­ turday in McAllister Au­ ditorium 
The choral perfor­ mance will feature Dia­ mond’s Red. Red Wine.’’ 

I? W 
Stevenson's “ On 
My Own.” and Miss 
Midler's version of “ In 
The Mood.” 
The show s finale is a special choral version of the “ William Tell Over­ ture” arranged by the group’s director. Michael 
Stout 
The concert is free and open to the public. 

IN C LU D IN G 

TALIA SHIRE 

BEST DIRECTOR 
JOHN G AVILOSEN 
BEST SCREENPLAY 
SYLVESTER STALLONE 
BEST ORIGINAL SONG 
GONNA FLY n o w- 
BEST SUPPORTING 
A C T O R 
BURGESS MEREDITH n v I u n 
BURT YOUNG 
BEST PICTURE 

Produced by ROBERT CHARTOFF and IRWIN WINKLER HTS 
^ United Artists 
Cassandra Crossing W 

.4 o 7 Vw« I- mlMvtt H -ln v tram J 
ENTERTAINM ENT 

MOW 
SHOWING 
EXCLUSIVE 
NEW LAUREL 
2 3 1 o S A N P E D R O • 736-4551 

BOX OWCt Of IN 13 IO 
FEATURES 
12 4o-3 oo-5:2o 
7 4o-1o oo P M 

O.Vtoai CIN! MA COR POH At ION,BAR MAT. 
BOTH 

THEATRES 
12:2o-2:4o-5:oo 7:2o-9:4o OAIIY 
2:oo-4:3o 7:oo-9:3o 

N O R T H S T A R 
343-93o4 
I 

 f JE5SSSKj 
[ u FSI I T E O 
W T I S T S T H E A T W E J 5 J 

 pcasHPaasPM n si 
..... 
H 

2 oo 4 JO 7 oo 9 IO 

NEVER HAS A MOVIE 
SPREAD SUCH FEAR! 

T H E 
CASSANDRA 
CROSSING 

T I 
I" ■T-’T 
WKi ;>a 

 ll ATU8IS 
I I JO 
2 2o 
4 IO 
6oo 
J SO 
9 4o 

 m 
WlkOION PARK MAM 
, _ 
IlfffflPlfl 
12:3o 2:4o-4:5o-7:oo-9:1o 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

MANUKIAN PACE... im UMI M WMIHtl MtltllMIlM 

HIS BBSI NI SS IS STEALING CANS 

S II 91 CANS D lttRO VIO •«) IH I 
MOS! IMCMIOISII ruHSuir t V iR 111 MIU 

YOO CAN IOC* YOUN CAN 
BUI ti HI M ANIS ll 
ITS 

" l l S UH ANI J IH I I I I N l l H I A IN M I N I 
Mntirc NioftuUte 
Own led Bj H 8 HAL Ii-IU 

JOURNEY IO 
MILLION YEARS 
INTO THE 
FUTURE. 

IN 
WONDROUS 
COLOR 

\ K M I'M ll \k.NHI I ll \| 
WIZARDS 

WiROIOR FAIN Imm mm rn. 

I OO J IO 5 2o 7 JO 9 4o 
Ij Q n n r w i 

TMI STONY 
O f A BOY'S 

JO O * N I Y IO 
MANHOOD. 

 doejQonther 

 irs A BIG 'UNI,. y 
17TH ANNUAL 
G em and 
M in e ral Show 
VILLITA ASSEMBLY HALL 
4o1 VILLITA ST 
SIN ANTONIO. UXAS 

MARCH 

18, 19, 2o, 1977 

BROADWAY. 

 kirk 
(T h * 

M o n « y c h a n g « rB ) 

IN»u”la> •» 
I he husband 

 fo r sa le — 

 iM iughl 

 fu r Sri m illio n . 

Beltbuster 
" LinjiiHiir 
Susanns 
(hut* Is 

Nut 

3 oo-&.1o 7 7o 9 3o 

7 D A Y S O N L Y 

Dairii 
Queen 

A Beltbustin' Bargain! 
Two juicy meat patties on a toasty golden bun. Lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, onions, mustard. The works! Beltbuster! Just 89c 
WEDNESDAY THRU 
SUNDAY ONLY. 
MARCH 16 — 2o 
At participating stores 

WONDER 2 

1:45-4:2o-4.55-9:3o 

 staosono 
KPtStD«€RSOn 

StPR 
IS 
BORT! 

 u m m i i n u n u n u n # 

'Tinder’ all too familiar 

B y R O N W H IT E 

 may sound 
San Anton- 
The story fam iliar to ians. 
The setting is San An­ tonio in 1876. Mayor Lola 
C rockw cll is on the bandwagon to close down the dance halls. 
The dance hall owner, 
Oscar DeLavaca, (also the only supplier of firewood for the city) re­ taliates by tripling the price of the wood. 
There’s a city council­ man, Uncle Sam, who wears a red, white and blue costume and spends his time buying snow- cones and planning Cen­ tennial parades. 
There’s a newspaper rn town. The Excuse and 
Snooze, which delights in bold headlines ( " B ig 
Bird Eats Kelly Field’’). 
M elodrama 
Theater 
It ’s all part of M elo­ drama Theater’s topical 
"T in d er Treachery," a spoof of our current poli- ticians and fuel crisis that sounds good on paper, but doesn't entir­ ely succeed on stage. 
Perhaps ifs because it would be hard for any stage show to match the real-life absurdities San 
Antonio has experienced with its politicos we might sometimes wish were fictional). 
Or perhaps ifs that the audience is oo keenly aware of what "T in d er 
Treachery’’ is satirizing that everyone is sitting 
(tut there making up their personal script as the show goes along. In any ease, audience members are anticipating and shouting the punchlines before the actors. 
It’s a play that’s fami­ liar before it’s seen, and 
Burdette Pa rk s’ script holds few surprises, few of those moments that make any play worthwhile when the au­ dience wishes. " I f only I had written that. .. . It’s a play that too obviously could have been written by anyone. 
This is not to say that 
-Tinder Treachery” — particularly buttressed by P a rk s ’ direction — doesn't have some good moments. 
Editor 
The scenes in the office bf newspaper editor Herb 
Sm art (M ike Stevens) are nearly worth the price of admission them­ selves Smart is a maniac who can only speak in four-word headlines 
("Bloody Man Buys Ta­ co” ). And the scenes contain one of the better songs in the show, a sa­ tire on journalism. 
The play is more lively, too, when Uncle Sam 
(Steve W are) or Mayor 
Crockwell (Havre Nolan) are on stage. W a re ’s councilman is a power ful. overgrown spoiled kid, sucking his thumb and whining to get his way with the Centennial celebration 
Nolan makes a fine visual im itation of the real Mayor Lila Cockrell. a sort of living Kewpie doll It’s a pity she isn't given more to do in the show. 
George Burnette crea- toa an enjoyable, if im i­ tative, character as Har­ old Baskin, the snow cone vender who comes to the 
Institute exhibits cultures 

Six travelling exhibi­ tions which range from the horse age to the space age are being shown through April 15 at the 
Institute of Texan Cul­ tures. 
The Moody Bicenten­ nial Humanities Exhibi­ tions have been put together by the Human­ ities Research Center of the University of Texas al Austin. 
The exhibition is free and open to the public. 

W a t e r c o l o r 

 c l a s s e r d u e 

A new series of water­ color classes, taught by 
Caroline Shelton, opens at the Southwest Craft 
Center March 29 

( lasses w ill include demonstrations arid cri­ tiques by the instructor. 
For enrollment and in­ formation telephone 

224-1848. 

Review 

 city’s rescue. 
They are nice perfor­ mances, all of them. But they have to deal with overly long exposition, and vast spaces arid of action or carefully con­ ceived comedy. 
This may be a case of a show that could never live up to its advance press. But one still feels that it could have come closer. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— 
Saturday March I 9 I 977 

Poco Loco opens 

The Poco Loco Del Rio club held its grand open­ ing ceremonies this week complete with welcome visits from other neigh­ boring Riverwalk busi­ nesses. 

The guests were greet­ ed by club owner and band leader Frank Pena 
His club is located at 5o5 
N. Presa St., overlooking the Riverwalk. 

Paseo del Rio Associa­ tion President Franklin 
Hicks cut the ribbon for­ mally opening the new addition to the river bu­ siness community. 

Rio Ramblings 

Latin music for danc­ ing by the Poco Loco 
Mexican Brass will be featured at the restaur­ ant and night club. Live music begins at 8:3o p.m. 
Tuesday through Thurs­ day and at 9 p.m. on F ri­ day and Saturday. 

 evening. 
* ★ * 
Recent works by pot­ ters Tracy Dotson, .lane 
Padgitt Dotson and Jim 
Smith will be exhibited at 

Mud Gallery beginning 
Saturday. 
The public is invited to the opening of the show which w ill be at the 
Greenhouse, 312 N. Presa 
St., from 8 p.m. to IO p.m. G uitarist Chuck 
Rich will entertain at the reception________________ 

The menu is built ar­ ound steaks, with both 
Mexican and 
Anglo versions offered. Lunch hours are from ll a m. to 
1.3o p.m., with complete dinners served every 
Fish Sale 

The villain is Glenn Tucker and the heroine is M olly yens in M e lod ram a Theater’s “Tinder Treachery.’* 
Ste- 

SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST 
AND FOREMOST 
FLEA MARKET 
OVER 15o STALLS 

• SEILERS FROM $3.oo/SPACE 
• FREE ADMISSION TO PUBLIC 
EVERY SAT. & SUN. 
O PEN 7 A.M. 

A WIIK IUD SPECIAL 
•HOUGHT M N S M M STUKAS* PUNTS 
( A U wtrii 4 IU" teremic Mh CemnleN •** 
.......................... 
» 
. 
SCH AMP 
COIM M M H W O IH i a IA R 

Hundreds of Bargains & Fun for the 
Family. Snack Bar, Soft Drinks and Beer. 
SAN ANTONIO FLEA MARKET 
1428 AUSTIN HWY. 
828-1488 
(Between Broadw ay & loop 41o) 

S o th b a rc ij 

Restaurant 

B la c k Forest 

S te a k * aud 

Seafo od* 

WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
Try Our 
Scrumptious Seafood 
OPEN 11:3o AJA - 11:oo PJR.; SAT. 5:oo-11:oo PJM. 
9226 Wurzbach Road of D ata Point 
6 9 6 - 9 1 1 4 
<3O O rvf) 
___ 

The $29.5o 
"Lakew ay Escape" 

Special low- rate of $29.5o per person per day, double occupancy, includes: 
• Accommodations overlooking 
Lake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choice of Menu) 
• Lunch (Choice of Menu) 
• Welcoming Cocktail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horseback Riding 
• Boating— water skiing, sailing and 
•fishing boats 
Children under 16 half pnce if occupying same room with parents 
Minimum two-day stay. Tax and gratuity not included 

For reservations call 261-66oo 

O r r a il s o u r 
T R W E I . A G E N T 

 lyLrviv & R e s o r t 

IQI Lakeway Drive* Austin, Texas 78734 

FISH SPECIALS 

Black lace Veil Angel Reg. SI .49............ $.89 

Black Molly Reg. $.79....................... 
$.29 

Silver Tip Tetra Reg. $.89................2/$1.oo 

Marigold Variotus Reg. $.99.............2/$1.oo 
Tiger Oscar Reg. $4.19.................... 
$1.99 

Clown loach Reg. $4.19................... $2.o9 

S a l * b e g i n s M a r c h 1 8 . E n d s M a r c h 2 4 . S h o p t o d a y ! 

W e Reserve The Right To lim it Quantiitie* 

ESES®® 

P 
R 
H 

LIMITED QUANTITIES 
TROftCAl NSH AND ACCESSORIES AT SAN PEDRO STORE ONLY! 

6715 San Pedro 
IMO* d aily rneu s a y. io mi • 
SUNDAY 11-* • DHOW AAI - M il 

T o d o y a t 

NORTHWEST SIX rn IO o1—f <1o .4 («8f8— 1,4 M44IM 

C N c L a ir p l a y a d t o r t i m a i a n d p o l k l t t 

“CAPONE’ 

‘FACE TO FACE" 

MR. BILLION' 

“COUSIN COUSINE" 

‘‘FREAKY FRIDAY" 

“PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN" 

T o d a y a t 
CENTURY SOUTH ta IU 8. XMHW 
o*441! 
Chack dtoplev °- to r n m « » a n d p o H c ta * . 

‘ CAPONE" 

‘‘JOURNEY INTO 
THE BEYOND" 

‘‘MR. BILLION’ 

MISTY BEETHOVEN" 
STORY Of JOANNA” 

"FREAKY FRIDAY’ 

V a 

‘‘PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN" 

Today et 

Sen Pedro 

JOURNEY INTO 
THE BEYOND” 

‘‘HUSTLE’’ 

BAN PEDBO titan SC MIN OOIOOOB 

MR. BILLION" 

“ ALEX AND 
THE GYPSY” 

Check display ad tar times. 

MISTY BEETHOVEN'' 

ME, 1oVEIY" 

SOMETIME SWEET 
SUSAN" 

NOHH WI SI i i i rn *e«t (Mf 4 to a* (attaghan I ut 

Bat gats Mettawa 
• t i T hM tt* Coparty hi Hut Mtmna 
(My 

2 
ACADEMY 

AWARD 
NOMINATIONS 

INCLUDING 

BEST 

ACTRESS 

— STARRING— 
UV ULLMANN 

MAGNIFICENT!’ 

IN G M A R O tR G M A N ’S 

"FACE TO FACE 

N O l l H W I f t l H R U l N l l l W 
I I N 
■ t i s ] l O t J l H 

4 2o5 Son Pedro 

ARSEN IC A N D OLD LACE’ 
C A B Y O B A N T * PETER L O R R I 
1 1 :5 o -2 :5 5 -6 :1o- 1 o :o o 
“ FOOTLIGHT P A R A D E ” 
JAMFX C A G N EY * RU BY KEILER 

1 : o o - 4 : 2 5 - 8 : 1 o 
______ 

C O L O N IE ! 
N O H H 
•> W m bw ti I i * 

S t o r t i n g 
Sunday 
“ KEY LARGO” 
THE PETRIFIED FOREST’ 

Starting 
Tuesday 
THEY DIED WITH THEIR BOOTS ON' 
“ MARKED WOMAN” 

Barbra 
Yves 
Streisand / Montand 
>n A Clear 

P l u s 
4 : 4 o - 9 : 5 o 
15o RUNT YOUR WAGON 
7:oo 

CUNT EASTWOOD 
HE M A RV IN 
Starting Sunday 
“ DR. Z H IV A G O ” 

 m IO at Ut AIQ a* (attaghan Ii rf 

1 2 - 2 - 4 
6-8-1o 

I W MAI D* at IN JJ Sc 
9)46531 

KTFM MIDNIGHT SHOW 
AT THE NORTHWEST SIX TONIGHT 

Being the Adventures of a young m an whose principal interests are rape, ultra-violence and Beethoven 

LISTEN 
TO KTFM 
FOR 
DETAILS 

I T A N L E V 
KUBRICKS 

Lr ! 

"J O U R N E Y ” 7 3o-i I 7$ 
"HUSTLE ' 9 as 
THE 1 o o % 
IS THERE LIFE AFTERDEATH? 

4 D T H E N T 1 C riot just another movie... 

 h S u U F Y IM C lf, .norhei -odd 
TRUTH! 

A f / 
____ 
SNO H A TURK A l ORIVI INS ONLY 
BURT RCyriO LD S 
. . . — n (R) I v cathcpim c* DCfieyvc- n U 5 T U , ^ y 

■OWN WWIN 
(H JV O O O # »M| A f i t 

SPEND THE NIGHT 
IWITH PAM GREIR 
"F O X Y BROWN * 
’’FRIDAY FOSTER' 

P O K Y 7 .3 o 
' 
PRIDAY a,2o corrv toiso 
S H U A 1 2 i2 o 
• U C K T O W N 2 o o 

<R) 

SHEBA BABY'VO ) 
DUCKTOWN * 

2 n d B IG 
W EEK 

UNIVERSAL 
C H V I W IN 
1:2o-3:2o-5 4o 
MO-1 O OO 

B o o k * ' B d 
A l l I I 7 J 

1 2 :o o - 2 :o o -4 :o o -6 :o o -8 :o o - 1 o :o o 

SYLVESTER 
STALLONE 
ACADEMY A W A R D 
NOMINEE FOR 
“ROCKY” 

Starring as FRANK NITTI, 
A Notorious Chicago 
Hoodlum 
SUSAN 
BLAKELY 
‘‘RICH MEN, 
POOR MAN" 
SEXPOT 
Sterling et 
IRIS CRAWFORD, a sensuous Al 
Capone Moll 

You know they are destined for stardom w hen you sp e — 
CAPONE 

NOW. APTER 45 STC ARS 
THC TRUE STORy CAN BC TOLD! 
THC MAN WHO MADE 
TH§ TWENTIES NOAH 

/ l l 5o-1 5o 
3.5o-5 5o 
7 5o-95o 

NOH H WI II t i t 

BAIG AIN MATIN! f % 
DAILY p o i THI ATI! 
CAPACITY POK PHST 
POTOKMA NCI ONLY. 

Cousin, (3yuAln&. 

ISI 

3 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 

INCLUDING BEST ACTRESS! 

 m ie at lea* 4 t i od* 
C E N H J K lf. 
L 
U 
I I M 
U tm mu o. .rn rn ai u *1* Btu 

ROTH THC ATRI 1 2 :o o - 2 :o o -4 :o o -6 :o o - 8 :o o - 1 o :o o 
• A K O A I N M A TI N U D A U T P O * T M I A T H C A P A C I T Y P O R P H S T 
A f B f O C M A N C I O N L Y . 
THC NEWEST PINKEST PatlTHtt OF All! 
Pf TER SELLERS „ BLAKE EDWARDS' the Pink 
PANTHER STRIKES 
AGAIN 

 t j ' i - - . tty 

«.> o.a 
I USO. I 5o-3 SO sso-7 5o9 so ft A N l i n o leirti H iiiN outeoo* 

.'W U U 
•)« Alit 
I TOO 7 oo-4 OO 
6oo4 oo1ooo to— *.4>» rn tov. 84 
7 3 o -l l OO 
4*4 >41* 
A L U 9 2o 

- l2 J S h £ 

A t ! I i 
’tiffin c w t 

T E R E N C E H IL L 

V A L i R I E P E R R I N E ( P O ) 

P L U S 
“ALEX AND THE 
OYPSY”<i) 

I if****1 
I mint tuuli ( I IN I U A S d : 
I I M I N 
O 
D* •* 'N ll Bs 
9)4 41)' 
MISTY 12 oo4 K U 4616oo 
JOANNA I I M S M IS m to- NA. •• I*—... 84 
4*4 84 2* 
MISTY 7 JOH SO 
EXPOSI * IS 
SOMETIME 1o3o 
“M isty 
Beethoven” 

' 
(* ) 

"i x p o u t? L O V E ! V” (JO 
EOMtTiMl IW ir r SUSAN” (I)> 

N O U H W ! I I 
A ll 
CKNIIKIf-. l O l i I H 
Dp •• HA JI Bg 
12 oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

12:1o-2:1o-4:1o 
6 IO 8:1o 1o:1o 

NO BAR. MAT. 

5 TH BIG WEEK 
AGREAT 
- NEW 
COMEDY 
SWITCH! 

WALT 
DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS' 
FREAKY FRIDAY 

I - 
Technicolor’ [G --J 

5 
_ 
31oO •aottY«tt 

SA C H IK O 

HlftftlON 
TWIN OUT OOO* TNI ATI* 
512-3157 
7 3o IO 5o iixaau 
I.ti 84 to al (OO# Alo 

"R A M SQUAD 9 .IS 
JUfifcHH BHI NNI H prone!** 

A EXORCIST 
12 3o-4 SS 
• 4o 
TKXAB 

I M e e iie r %* 

M A G N U M 
PO tCI 
2 45-6 SO 

S a t u r d a y t i m i n g H u l l 
•The greatest suspense film e m made.' 
THE EXORCIST J 
C L IN T E A S T W O O D in 
J* JI 
M a g n u m F o rc e <*> 

WW, 
N IC K 
A 
_____________ 

RAINIS S O IIA II 

IT GOES BEYOND SURVIVAL! 

MUS 

UNIVERSAL * u r H:is-3oo4;3o-io:oo "SUMI" i:oo-4:3o-7:55TV 

JOSEPHINE 
UT" 11:35-3 oo-6:361o:oo SUMR I oo-4:3o 7:SS 
TOWN TWIN 
TRAIL 
“ U P ” 7 :3 o - 1o:55 
“ SUPER V IX K N ” 9 :1o 

RUSS MEYER S BIGGEST DOUBLE BILL! 
“ U P !iff 
(X ) 
% 

II t 
“ SUPER. 
V IX E N S ” 

Y t l l l Y H I 
OUUHJOI TM# Afd 
CUCKOOS n o n ss 
ICNNY 1ooo 
UACKNICHOUOH 

H 
PIUS 
Dustin 
Hoffman 

SWI DIN" 
7: JO-11.4o 

(MUI t:IS 
"OffUNCf" 1o:2oH 
H 
P 

“A TOUCH 

OF SWEDEN” 

PLUS 
W 
ORAL tx) 
CONTRACT 

 k o o 
B i A w r 
I A l l 
J 
I *1o f'oda«<kt*M>« *4 

IN 
XLSilU 

 s a w ) 

They’re Lie Ain Good1 
JOIWBIOK 

TEiiT'Tri'irt'.xi 
•JOY" LSI- 
5:o54: IS 
NO SAIL MAT 
19 IO irade t •*b 
$ Rd 
HUI LULL Of HUMOR 
ANI) KIGHT ON IARUT. 
(HOCK- FULL Of 
FLMAlt FANTASMS." 
Lory Weimar, / 

AL C O L D S T Y N S M A C , 
"■Joy, 
Letting Go 
P LU S 
I*) 
* “ FUN AND GAM ES” (XI 

Page 
I Q-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 ]977 

To hove your pntblem solved or a ques' don answered* arite Action-Express, VA). 
Hot 2171, San Antonio, TX 7H2*)7. 

Police praise 

I would like to congratulate a San Antonio police­ man and a couple of on-the-ball Citizen’s band radio operators. 
I had been one of those CB skeptics. I could never see any good they were doing and was always ready to find fault with traffic officers 
But, believe me, I was wrong on both counts. 
In early March, my wife was the victim of a hit-and-run driver on 11135 at Southcross Blvd. The accident not only demolished her car, but caused her to hit another lady. 
Luckily a witness was able to supply the police officer with the license plate number of tin* hit- and-run driver. 
The policeman put it on the police radio and a 
('Ber heard it Ile spotted the car, followed it and was able to identify the driver who fled tin* scene. 
I believe me. I think this is really great for our policemen and the ( liers to work together. 
I would like to thank this police officer for his hard work in helping my wife at the scene. 
Recently I read where Action-Express found a policeman who helped two students who were left behind on a school trip from Laredo. 
L. S. II 

THAMK5, 6UY; 

Action-Express would 

 also like to commend 
Patrolman Robert An­ derson, Badge number 
o3o7, for his action in helping your wife. 
Action-Express would 

 like like to stress the im­ portance of cooperation with the San Antonio Po­ lice Department in the case of hit-and-run acci­ dents or any other ca­ sualty, burglary, or dis­ turbance. 

Great decisions 
Max I contribute additional information to the topic of (Ireat Decisions ’77 program? 
The General Federation of Women’s Clubs will conduct a nationwide survey on four international topics in the Great Decisions series. 
The is s u e s iii the order of priority are: Panama and the United States, Foreign Policy: Congress versus the President, Nuclear Proliferation and 
Moral Values and Foreign Policy. 
These were chosen from a list of 12 topics last 
.lune by the (IFVVC board of directors. The list was suggested by the Foreign Policy Assn., a non-profit, nonpartisan educational group which specializes in information on world affairs. 
Each club iii the Texas Federation of Women’s 

( lu lls is urged to work with other groups in its community, such as P-TAs and other women’s organizations, schools, colleges, men’s service clubs and church groups to create a representative community audience to consider the international issues. 
State b> state, the results will be collected, evaluated arid released in a news conference beamed to the President of the United States. 
The U.S. State Department will hold a conference with leaders involved iii the survey to discuss the issues with them iii order to gain a true consensus of public attitudes. 
Studying the foreign policy issues and recording your Mews iii one specific way you can register your opinion with the U.S. State Department. This is a rare oppounity not to be missed. 

Mrs. ROLAND M. DIXON JR. 
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS DEPARTMENT 
( llAIR MAN 

Action-Express would he glad to pass this in­ formation along. 
(ireat Decisions, now in its 23rd year, is a na­ tionwide foreign policy study-discussion pro­ gram. ( entering around small groups and a pre­ pared discussion booklet, the program is designed to acquaint the public with the nation's most pressing foreign policy problems. 

Discussion groups 

 meet once a week, for about one and a half hours, for eight weeks. 
Followine each discus- 

 tabulated nationally. 
Nearly 1oo.ooo citizens 

 particpate in Great De­ cisions each year. 
Anyone interested in 

(ireat Decisions should contact Robert T. Handy, the state coordinator for 
(ireat Decisions. 
Handy will send you 

 brochures, posters, 

 guides to program dete­ r m e n t and (ireat De­ cision booklets. 
Handy's address is 

Texas (ireat Decisions, 
KOOI Palm er Highway, 
Texas City, 7759o 

Jewelry com plaint 

I have shopped in San Antonio all my life have always respected each store’s policy. 
When I buy something on sale, and discover I don’t like it or the fit if it is clothing, I know I am stuck with the item because most stores have no refunds on sales items'' signs all over the place. 
However, this time I think I have a legitimate gri|M* 
A couple of months ago. I bought a pair of gold earrings, on sale, from a local jeweler. They were nice earrings and at a very reduced price so I could not turn them down. 
Tile store does have a "no refund on sales items"! sign on the cash register, but I did not think I would have any problems since this is a reputable firm. 
Needless to say, the earrings have not held up. 
I did wear them continuously, but I have other jewelry, which is solid gold, that I wear just as much aud nothing has ever happened to it. 
I even wore these earrings in the shower. Gold products should be able to withstand this. 
A few weeks ago, I noticed the earrings began to chip. Can you imagine my surprise when I disco­ vered they were not real gold, but only gold painted? 
I got to the jeweler's as soon as possible, and they would not take them back. I think I have bien taken, and by a “ reputable" firm too! 
Can you help me get my money back? Thank you for any help 
I* J. (. 

 and 

Both (br manager and 

 the salesman remem bered the occasion and said they explained to you that they could not take them back because they were not advertised or displayed as solid gold earrings. 
The sales rack, and all 

 earring cartons, clearly say. 
“ I I karat gold 

 post,*’ only. The entire earring is not gold. 
Many earrings for 

 pierced ears are made with gold posts, or wires, or are by po-ailergi/ed (or women who have sensi­ tive ears. 

( S t e ? ZcH uL f a e n o r of the 

/V*€ f 
. 

7 

 r n 

VOU *AY TMd*e Age yout* f IO T s 6 * * , 
MRP* Bi KO 7 
W*4-L, GOOD LUC* w ith y o u r £ m ilP*£ n / lr 

WH*T CH dDRf NI 7! 
I oAsq&4iN§p nom a coorie ow nmee mmt Atef ast* if 
—•>2. rat? 

& yr l ro 

 r, _ J 
_ 

Too much exercise not good 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I am 26 years old. I have been doing an exercise that involves lying on my back and lifting both legs about six inches from the floor, then holding them there for about three minutes at a time. 
I have begun to have back pains, also pain in my arms and a stiffness in my neck when I turn my head. I have had pelvic X-rays, complete blood tests, urine analysis, chest X-rays, cardiograms, and have been examined by my gynecologist several times. 
Can you comment? — Mrs. .LYV. 
With all that attention 
I'm amazed no one has suggested the obvious — quit those exercises if you haven t already done so. The exercise is rather strenuous, espe­ cially if you were relati­ vely inactive prior to starting out on your conditioning program. 
Lying down with the legs raised is not one of the purposes for which the human body was de­ signed. It may be fine for some, apparently not for you. 
The strain is chiefly on the thigh muscles and the long muscles of the back and neck. With some peo­ ple any slightly forward curvature of the lower spine may produce the pain you report. X-rays, if taken from the side, would show this. 
I suspect though that your problem is entirely muscular. If you must do such exercises find better ways to go about them. Build up to them gradually within your limits. Try soaking in a hot tub before retiring, and be sure your mattress is sufficiently firm for your weight. 

Spine 

If your pain doesn’t go away with these conserva­ tive steps, then you had better see an orthopedic doctor. Your spine may be slightly nut of line, ag­ gravated bv these exercises. 
Your letter is proof that one doesn't have to be 
"past 5o" to develop serious problems from unwise exercising. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Do you have any information you can send me on colitis? Is there some organiza­ tion I can write to? — H R. 
The National Foundation for Ileitis and Colitis. 
Inc., has some excellent material on the subject, and a particularly interesting pamphlet crossed my desk quite recently. The foundation is a non-profit, re­ search-oriented organization dedicated to finding causes and cures of these two intestinal disorders. I am not sure whether the material is available' gen­ erally, but you can write the national headquarters at 295 Madison Ave.. New York. N Y. HMH7. There may be a local chapter in your phone book. My own booklet on colitis can lie obtained by sending 25 cents and a stamped, self-addressed envelope to me care of this newspaper. 

Bed-wetting con be a frustrating problem bot it can be controlled 
To learn how, write to Dr. Thosteson in core of this new spaper, for a copy of his booklet, 
Bed-W etting: W a y s to Stop It." Enclose a long-self-addressed, stam ped envelope and 25 cents. 

Health 
By George C. 
Thosteson, M.D. 

WORDY 
IGURDYI 

I very w ie n t «.» Hi tv answer is a rhy miny pair of words I like I rue Blue. 
Plain Jane, and Humpl> Damply I 
Read I tic definition. Bien think of two rhyming words thai will til in the kiter squares I he number after tile definition tells you how many syllahk-s in each 
HY T R K K Y R IC K Y wold of the rhyming pan 

I 
W h o s m arried to Jo h n VV a m i r ’ 111 

 n 
~ m n 
J. O ld w ilch s Holist! ta rs l l) rr 11 ■ 11 n 
I. H r!w ren the 2nd and 4th sparrow 111 

I I I I I ■ T T T ! 

I hanks and 
SIO to < hostophri 
Ornburn id Warren 
MV I,a 
I 
Vend tour entry lo this new spaper 

4 
Rented monster I I I 

L L L ! ..I I M r m i 
V t.o d la lh e r C enotes* s torn ih ip s t il urn i 
TT1TTT ti lig h t M r I ie M ille 121 urn i rn 
1 1 1 1 1 
7. D u tk s Ins, uhs |2 | 
* 
I I I I I I I I ■ 111 I I I l l ' 

 sh ta ism is h ta tv in t ii it . t its iii w - soon t sons • cst im nest ti i nuiH uhuh ivivr visit tm zn i d tj 

YOUR 
BIRTHDAY 
SUNDAY: This is the vernal equinox, as­ trological New Year’s 
Day. The Sun moves from Pisces into Aries at 
12:43 p.m. EST. For na­ tives of both signs this year's progress is stren­ uous but enjoyable You glimpse the future in moments of inspiration. 
Relationships involve many levels of cons­ ciousness. Today’s Pis- ceans are middlemen collectors, assemble items for public uses; the 
A hens seek priority in hazardous fields, are strongly partisan, gifted iii the arts. 

A R I S S ( M e r l l A p r l f ) 
Nothing rune sNoothly av ever vDixiv strives to go beyond usual limit* and over doc* Balance out oreter en ce*, trade oft ad van fogey, veep oh fairly content 
T A U R U S (Apr 
JO M ay 7o): 
1oik eave* associate* ti oolite* kid them oat of therr self adv. don't let any of it aet, to you 
S u rfa c e * a re d e c e p tiv e , es- binate, mea yore distance* with car# 
G E M I N I (MOV l l June JO) 
What va noir tahr tv better ii void. written att 
A collection at add ends tuny into 
J coherence, makes a amt you con a use tor benefit, emoymenf a 
C A N C E R (June l l July I I ) : s 
Shy aw ay tram temptation i g H toot. complain 
Torn id ie 

 moments into eoucotionoi opnor tunnies 
Shore the eapenence w ith a yo u n ger p e rson who needy guidance 
L E O (July n Aaa 
72): 
Ac cep! laciness among others os natural; however, don t do their work tor them Cot down on your e>pectations of in tows; they ie entangled in moods or problem* 

V IR G O (Aug. JI Sept IJJ 
Ail dressed ap. no place to go Invite friends of similar tastes agree on some g oal 
Ign ore brn-h rem arks, obvious answ ers, let others tilt in repartee 
L I B R A (Sept. JJ-Ocl 
**»• 
Favorite people are am bivalent, spoil plans 
It isn't your fault 
Suggest a change of scene, es torsion. good show Let ill humor weor off without comment 
S C O R P IO (Oct. 27-Nev 
71): 
You drift into rivalry , try too much too tost 
Overreaction to winning or losing sets in 
E s p re ss fe elin g s s y m b o lic a lly realize privacy Is minimal 
S A G IT T A R IU S (Nov 
77 Dec 
71) 
Accept a temporary fiasco budgetwise, os things toke a more eapensive form. F rie n d 1' move unexpectedly 
You re not ut yoor pest with mechanisms repairs. 
C A P R I C O R N (D e c 
77 Jan lf ) 
Move art to new ways toi sake on) gi udges. tor give on who crossed you UP 
P io n hobby sch edules, g ard e n s, c lim a te per milling, get in some spade 

A Q U A R IU S (Jan lE-Feb l l ) 
Stay pot Let others come to see you Owl t do any th mo special to improve your public imaoe Use com ply with areas l f M a r , IO ): tm dolt 
Nobody 
S about re c e n t 
Ute nothing (hut ti 
V ao re not lo anybody is 

 safety rotes hi ai 
P IS C E S (F e b 

I i i 

JEANE DIXON’S 
HOROSCOPE 
FOH SUNDAY 

91—Deaths 

<o1—Deaths 

B A R N E S 
Mrs Morgorat Haring Bora**, ai, of HIO7 M o n y Cup, Houston, 
Texas, died March IT in that Cltv 
Mem ber of M e m o ria l U nited 
Methodist C hurch of Houston. 
Tex. Survivors: Daughters, Mr*. 
Gary (Lee) Dewbre, Dallas, Tex., 
Mrs. Kelsv (Cathie) Gibbs, Hor ken Heights, Tex.; three grand­ children, brother, Louis H. H ar­ ing Jr., San Antonio. Funeral ser­ vices IO a rn. Saturday, March I*, 
M em orial 
U nited M eth odist 
Church, Houston, Texas. G rave­ side services and interment 4 3o p m Saturday, March 19, Sunset 
Memorial Pork. 

S U N S E T R no'mc 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 8Z8-2&11. 

•aji'j'uupiy " ' 
Ifti — Deaths 

H ASTIN GS 
Robert L. Hastings, oge Af. of 
U S U W hisper V a lle y passed away Thursday, March IT, 197T. 
F o rm e r resid en t of K e n d a ll 
County and San Antonio resident for J years. Member Covenant 
P re sb y te ria n C h u rch , T e x a s 
Society of Professional E n g in ­ eers 
S u rv iv o rs : W ife, M rs 
Robert L. Hastings and a Host of 
Friends. Funeral services Satur­ day, 11:oo a m. in Mission Pork 
North Funeral Chapel on IH to, with Reverend Edwin Walthall officiating. Interment to follow in 
Mission Burial Park North A r ­ rangements bv 
A 

MISSION I* XKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7oo S I M ilitary O' 

B E C K M A N 
Mr Michael Howard Beckman 37 of 97o7 Braeburn Glenn, Houston 
Texas died March 14, 1977 in that city Resident of Houston Texas and a member of Tempel Beth El. 
Survivors: M other, Mr*. Rito 
Beckman, San Antonio; daughter. 
Miss Melanie S. Beckman, Hous­ ton, Tex.; son Sydney A. Beek­ man, Houston, Tex.; sister, Mrs. 
Sandra Wtnogrand. Shaw A FB , 
S C 
Funeral Services 1:3o p.m. 
Sunday MorchJO, Roy Akers Funeral 
Chapels, Rabbi Samuel Stahl and 
Dr David Jacobson Officiating, interm ent Beth E l M e m o ria l 
Pork. Austin Hwy. lf friends so desire contributions mov be made lo the American Cancer Society. 

515 N o. M a in 
2 26 72o1 

Mf 

O RTIZ 
Mr. Demetrlo R. Ortii, nae IT, ot 
HO Gladstone, entered into rest 
Thursday. M arch IT. 1977. Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Ramona G 
O rtU ; sons. E rn esto. Severo. 
Fidencio, Ismael, and Jesus G. 
O rtii, one daughter, Concepcion 
Gandarg. Rosary service was held Friday evening at 7 p m at 
Palm Heights Chapel. Funeral service will depart Saturday at 9 a m., followed by funeral Mass at 
9:3o a rn., at St. jam es Catholic 
Church. Interment will follow of 
San Fernando Cem etery No. 2. 
Arrangements with 

T U L L O S 
M r*. M a ry M. T u llo s, of SOT 
McCauley, entered rest March IT, 
1977 at a local hospital at the age of 47 years. Survived bv husband. 
Raym ond G. T u llo s; son and daughter-in-law. Wayne A. and 
Beverly M. B rascom ; sisters, 
Mrs. Louise Geroianna ond fami­ ly, Mrs. Lucy Callahan and fami­ ly; brothers and slsters-in-law, 
Mickey and Leona Giombernardl, 
Louis and Laura Giombernardl. 
Charlie and Sara Giambernardi; grandchildren. Michael Brascom and Sherra Brascom ; brothers­ inlaw and families, Ernest and 
Arm antine Tullos, Jim m y and 
Linda Tullos, M r Paul and LII 
Tullos and Dianne Tullos. Rosary will be recited 7.3o p m. Friday at 
Brookehill chapel, funeral ser­ vices w ill de p a rt B ro o k e h ill chapel at 9: IS a rn Saturday fol­ lowed with Mass offered at 9:3o a rn at St. Leo'* Catholic Church. 
Interment will follow in San Fer­ nando No. 3 cem etery. A rra n ­ gements with 
Hr a ak ch ill 
Til S E. Military Dr 
’ 23-7SJ3 

Son Antonio EXfRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 
♦ 
Page I I C 
Energy future looks rosy to federal official 

A loading federal en­ ergy administration offi­ cial projected an opti­ mistic future in dealing' with the nation’s energy problems Friday night. 

“ I think we will solve our energy problem s,” said Hugh D. Guthrie, director of the division of fossil energy technology for the Energy' Research 

{ f a in t f r i g h t s 

3711 So Z a rta m o ro 
924 4348 

B R U C E 
M ISS R O B E R T A 
M A E B R U C E . 834 
French Pl., born 
In Medina, Texas, 
May 14, 191o. entered rest Thurs­ day, Morch IT, 1977 at the age of 
44 years. 
VISITATION 
FRIDAY S OO PM until 
SATU RD AY, 9:oo AM 
ALAM O CH A PELS at which time Miss Bruce will be token to San Jose Buriol Park tor services at IO a rn. with Rev. O. L. 
Hublev officiating S urvivors: 
Mother, Mrs. Lena Dee Bruce; sister-in-law , M rs 
F ra n c e s 
Bruce, City; ounts, Mrs. Myrtle 
Dye, City, Mrs. Ola Maury, Dot las, Texas. M rs Adon M orris, 
Dallas, Texas. Mrs Willie McCul- loeh. Trinidad, Texas. Mrs. Dem­ ote Medford, Medina, Texas, un­ cle, Fletch er Pate, Cltv. M iss 
Bruce was a m em ber of the 
Methodist Church and has been a resident of San Antonio for the pas! 54 years. Services under the direction of a m em ber of The 
Lelon Cude Family of 

/U k e jt& u m o 
'2S-S731 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

1o2—Card of Thanks 
Memorium 

I wish sincerely to thank friends and relatives tor their kind ex­ pressions of sympathy ond for the beautiful floral ottering* in my recent bereavement in losing my lovinq husband. Sgt 
H erb ert 
Fortgang, USAP (Ret ) 
Mrs Herbert Fortgang 

1o4— Funeral Directors^ 

R ISIN G ER 
Charles Lee R ising er, passed oway March 18, 1977. He wos born 
Sept. J, 1913 In Bandera, Texas. 
Died at the oge of 43. Services will be Monday, March 21, 1977 at ll a m , from the Hurley Funeral 
Home Chapel In Devine G rave­ side services will follow al I p m., 
Bandera 
Cemetery, 
Bandera, 
Texas. He is survived by wife, 
Mrs. C. L. Risinger of Natalia, one son, Ed , of N a ta lia ; one daughter. Katherine Carter of 
San Antonio; two brothers, Royce 
Risinger of Los Angeles. C o n t, 
Russell Risinger of San Antonio; two sisters, Anita W hitley of 
P a rk e r, A r n ., Ruth Stone of 
Pharr, Tex , one grandchild A r­ rangements by 
Hurley Funeral Hom e 
Oevine. Texas 

Wife charged in shootings 

A 54-year-old woman was released from Bexar 
County Jail Friday after being charged in connec­ tion with the death of another woman and the wounding of the suspect’s husband. 
Charged with m urder and attempted m urder is 
Willie Mac Moore of 718 
Knotty Oak Trail. She was released after post­ ing bonds totaling $15.IMM) set by Night Magistrate 
Manuel Lopez. 
Police said the incident occurred about 3:3o a.rn. when the wom an r e ­ turned from work and 

 allegedly found her hus­ band in bed with another woman. 
The woman then alle­ gedly fired several shots from a .22 caliber pistol, police said. Her husband was wounded in the thigh and fo re arm and the other woman was struck in the head, officers re­ ported. 
The dead woman was identified as Frankie Ni­ chols. 32. of 148 Alabama 
St. The s u s p e c t’s hu s­ band, Floyd F. Moore. 
48. was listed in satifac- torv condition at Bexar 
County Hospital. 

Dr. A rie Hoagen-Sm it, known as the “ father of sm og,” for his pioneer­ ing research into the na­ ture of air pollution, has died at the age of 76 in 
P a sa d e n a , 
C a lif. 
He created “ smog” in a test tube at Cal Tech where he taught until I 971. — 
AP Wirephoto 

A N GELUS F U N E R A L HOM E 
H E N R Y G U ER R A 
4o3 W Houston ay* f l i t r 

S T R Z E L C Z Y K 
M iss F lo ro n c t B. • O u ic e k " 
Strieicryk, RI I, Box 121 BB, Ad kins, Texas, passed away in a local hospital Friday. Morch 18, 
1977 at the oge of 39 years. Sur­ vivor* : 
S iste rs, M rs. 
A lo is 
• Irene” Wadena ond Mrs. Nelson 
Margaret” Haecker. both of St. 
Hedwig; brothers. Frank Strielc- tyk , C ity , Pete ond A lb e rt 
“ Outch” S trielctvk of St. Hed­ wig; numerous nieces and ne­ phews. Rosary will be recited in the Dellcrest Chapel Saturday, 
March 19 ot 7:oo p.m. Rosary will be reeded in Annunciation Cath­ olic Church in St. Hedwig, Sun­ day, Morch 2o at 1:4S p m Fun­ eral Mass will be offered at 7 OO p rn with Rev Frank Foster a* 
Celebrant The interment will fol­ low in St. Hedwig Catholic Ceme­ tery. Arrangements with firilrrrat 
3ooo Se W W White Id 
337 4o83 

 t?M—Funeral Directors 

MOOT IAP/ 
INC3' » r 

R eputation 

 baned un d ig n ity am t g o a d taste. . , 

 fHax 
IHart turz 

•Waring 
N e-if t ee f « 4 funeral (entrant toner el ie tor ante Fehcies 
2 2 7 -6 2 8 1 

North Park Mortuary 
734-531 3 
Chapel Hill Memorial burdens 
655-641 I 

Serving 

 your 

 fam ily 

 with care 

 and concern. 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 

SIS NORTH MAIN AVINUI 

226-72o1 

Com m issioners to fight janitor’s rehiring suit 

A t £ POORfGUEl 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pre-Need Arrangements 
S 11 Guodolup* St. 
226-6111 

&outh*£be 
FUNERAL HOME 

63o1 S. FLORIS 
9 22 -6 33 9 
John M. Grunts, Directer 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riche Saunders 
Chapels 

11119 N St Mary s 

Commissioners Court agreed Friday to fight a suit for rein statem en t filed by a former Bexar 
County Courthouse jani­ tor. 
The ja n ito r, d is ­ charged by maintenance su p e rv is o r A. D. C al­ laghan last September, filed an appeal last month His pica for rein­ statem ent has already been rejected by the 
Bexar County Civil Ser­ vice Commission follow­ ing a December hearing on the case. 
Seferino M. Ozuna Jr. brought the action in district court but no date for a hearing has been set. 
The janitor's suit c la im s he was d is ­ charged without recourse to the existing grievance and appeals mechanism spelled out for all Bexar 
County employes. 
W ater hoarding 

SALT 
LAKE 
CITY 
(AB) — Worried about a possible drought and en­ couraged by the Mormon 
Church, many Utah resi­ dents are filling their basements and garages with stocks of bottled water. 
Like o th er W estern states. Utah has had little rain or snow this winter and is rep o rted d rie r than it has ever been since record-keeping be­ gan in 1892. 
S tores are se llin g 
55-gallon plastic drum s for as much as $3o. 

In other action. Com­ missioners Court tentati­ vely endorsed the idea of applying for $13o,9o3 in federal anti-crime funds to initiate a special “ m a­ jor offense b u r e a u ’’ 

 within the district attor­ ney’s office. t h e sp ecial b u rea u would direct its attention til prosecuting major of­ fenders or habitual cri­ minals. 

 and D evelopm ent A d­ ministration, at a lecture at St. Mary's University. 
Part of the reason for 
Guthrie’s optimism was the current Democratic adm inistration working with the Democrat-con­ trolled Congress. 
Democrats 
“ It always seemed with a Dem ocratic Congress and a 
R epublican president, it (the lack of energy policy) was the o ther fellow ’s f a u lt,” 
G u th rie said, ‘‘but it c a n ’t be the o th er fel­ low s fault any more." 
P resident C arter has been sending questions to 
G uthrie as C a rter p r e ­ pares his energy policy statem ent which is due 
April 2o 
“ I d o n ’t know w hat that m essage will b e,” 
Guthrie said, “ hut I can say th is — the rig h t q u estio n s a re being asked. I know, because they’ve been taking a lot of my time.” 
Conservation 
Conservation measures may be part of C arter’s proposals, he said. 
’’Yet, conservation will not solve the en erg y problem, but it is impor­ tant that we practice it to a large degree,” Guthrie said. 
A ddressing an en g in ­ ee rin g class at 
St. 
Mary’s, Guthrie said that in the area of fossil fuels, b e tte r fuel recovery methods will receive first attention. 
Carter seeks oil spill fund 

THI W ARM TH O f 
PERSONAL ATTENTION. 

Po r t er Lo r in g 
MORTUARY 

11QI McCu llo u g h 227 8221 

COMPILED HOM Witt SltVIClS 
WASHINGTON 
- 
President Carter Friday proposed a $2oo million federal fund to clean up oil spills and compensate their victims. 
He also recommended tougher standards for oil ta n k ers th a t use U.S. ports in order to cut down on the spills themselves. 
The P re sid en t noted that the problem is glo­ bal and said he plans to co m m u n ic a te d irec tly with the lead ers of a number of m ajor m ari­ time nations to solicit their support for interna­ tional action. 
Living coats jum p again 
WASHINGTON - Led by a record 2o-9 per cent climb in fresh vegetable prices, consumer prices rose I per cent in F e ­ b ru a ry , faste st one- m onth in c re ase since 
S e p te m b e r 1974 when d o u ble-digit inflation gripped the economy. 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

Hraokihill 
TM S E Military 
923 7321 

(Oak f il l* 
8834 Frodaricksaurg *94-7111 

B rl fir rat 
2oo4 % WW Whitt 
117-4o82 
Palm frigh ts 

1711 So Zorjomoro 934 4348 

Cim eter 
Buriti U ts ------ 

SUNSET Memorial 3 choice iou 
(Rosegarden) 38oo 731-o839 

Ex-councilm an is theft victim 

Police Friday were probing the theft of sterling silver sets valued ut $1o,oo4) taken from the home of former City Councilman Alfred Beckmann of 23o3 
Woodmen Drive. 
The three silver sets, containing more than BOO pieces, were in a drawer in the linen and china closet in the dining room. The entire drawer was taken along with its contents, police said 
Although the theft was not discovered until 
Thursday, the Beckmanns told officers they believed the sets were stolen Wednesday night when the couple left the residence between 7 p m. and 8:3o p m 
Police said entry was probably gained through a sliding door 
The sets were stolen about two years ago, but were later recovered, police said 
Beckmann served as a city councilman about two years ago. 

The government said o v erall, food p rice s soared 2 per cent last month with nearly all the in c rease due to the extremely cold weather, which d am ag ed crops and hindered transporta­ tion. 
Travel bans are lifted 
WASHINGTON - For the first time since 195o, 
Am ericans arc free to travel anywhere in the world w ithout r e s tr ic ­ tions on use of their passports 
J u s t a fte r m id n ig h t 
F rid a y , un executive order banning the use of an American passport for travel to f'ubu. North 
Korea. 
V ietnam and 
Cambodia expired. 
Within an hour after a 
Miami business offering travel to Cuba opened its doors, 188 persons had inquired about making the trip. 
Carter wants aid increase 
WASHINGTON 
- 
President jcarter has asked Congress for an in­ crease of more than $ billion over the Ford ad­ ministration’s foreign aid boost that would allow other nations to spend more of their own money on weapons. 
The C a rter request seeks $7.5 billion. 
A White House spokes­ man said the request for the approaching fiscal year reflected a shifting toward economic aid for food, the necessities of 

 life and a reduction of e x p e n d itu re s on w e a ­ pons. 
Autopsy net for 
Main union man 

LAS VEGAS. Nev. - 
An autopsy has been scheduled to determine the cause of death of Al 
Bramlet, the labor leader whose p artly d e c o m ­ posed body was found in the desert three weeks after he was reported missing. 
Authorities identified his bullet-riddled body through fingerprints. Po­ lice sources said an in­ formant told them he had witnessed the execution style death of Bramlet, 
8o, leader of Local 228 of the C ulinary w o rk e rs 
Union. 

Lawmakers seek probe o f w rifer 

WASHINGTON - Ele­ ven m e m b e rs of the fo rm e r H ouse In te lli­ gence Com m ittee have asked the Justice De­ partment to investigate a suggestion by New York 
Times Lolumnist William 
Safire that former Secre­ tary of State Henry Kis­ singer might have im ­ properly tried to p re s­ sure the House leader­ ship into stopping the probe of the nation's in­ telligence agencies. 
Rep Otis Pike, D N Y., chairm an of that com ­ mittee, said in a letter signed by IO colleagues that Safire's March IO colum n co n tain ed the strongest allegation of co rru p tio n w ithin the 
Congress printed by a responsible columnist in a responsible newspaper that the committee could ever recall, 

SPECIAL NOTICE! 

LID—BLEDSOE 
WILL BE 
CLOSED SATURDAY 

SO THAI WE MAY PREPARE 

FOR IHE GREATEST 
FE RAITT RE SALE 
EVER ....................... 

SUNDAY FROM IO AM TO IO PM 

WITH SAVINGS GALORE ON NAME 
BRAND FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES 

EASY TERMS • FREE PARKING • FREE DELIVERY 
■ PBI 
BLEDSOE 
LrD f u r n it u r e 
3151. COMMERCE-DOWNTOWN 

SPECIAL NOTICE! 

LFD—BLEDSOE 
WILL BE 
CLOSED SATURDAY 

SO IHAl WE MAY PREPARE 

FOR IHE GREATEST 
FLRAITLRE SALE 
EVER ....................... 

SUNDAY FROM IO AM YO IO PM 

WITH SAVINGS GALORE ON NAME 
BRAND FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES 

EASY TERMS • FREE PARKING • FREE DELIVERY 
■ mw* 
BLEDSOE 
LFD FURNITURE 
315 E. COMMERCE-DOWNTOWN 

A lien jailings report made 

A total of 588 aliens were jailed in San An­ tonio during 1976 for var­ ious crim es other than illegal entry, a Bexar 
M etropolitan C rim inal 
Justice Council report shows 

Data on alien arrests 
Were provided by the U. 
S Immigration and Na­ tu raliza tio n 
Service through a letter from 
District Dir. Joe J. Sta­ ley. BMC JC Dir. Bill llolchak review ed the material for the council during a regular Friday meeting 
Generally, the material was Used to emphasize the impact of aliens on crime and economics in 

Bexar County. 
Of the 588 held in Bexar 
County Jail. only about 3o w ere legal aliens with appropriate permits for residence here, the r e ­ port indicates 
During that year, the jail pro cessed about 
36.5oo prisoners, includ­ ing those tagged as alien 
Staley s inform ation showed Bexar County has a resident population of about 4o,(HH) aliens He also estim ated at least that n u m b e r of illegal aliens live here 
Turning back (o the al­ iens jailed in 
1978, 
Staley s letter noted that 
16 were involved in m u rd e r, a tte m p ted m u rd e r, or m a n s ­ 

 laughter. 
About 22 were pulled in for rape and other sex offenses but 18o w ere bookL*d for theft and petty theft 
Other offenses 
Some 218 were picked up for d ru n k e n n e ss, driving while intoxicated or sim p le as sa u lt; 35 were accused of narcotics or inurijmana-related of­ fenses and HH for armed robbery, aggravated as­ sault, b u rg lary , m ajor theft or arson 
Staley’s letter also re­ ported the Texas Crime 
Info rm atio n C enter in 
Austin is now collecting information on arrests of foreign-born persons by local, county and state 

Officials in Texas. 
Copies of criminal his­ tory rep o rts on the a r ­ rested persons are being m ade av ailab le to S ta­ ley’s office here, hts let­ ter noted 
Summary 
Iii other m a tte rs, the council received a tenta­ tive su m m ary for 1978 activities showing about 
$2 68 m illion w orth of g ran t app licatio n s and only about $1.35 million available in federal and sta te law en fo rce m en t funds available to cover the outlay. 
Action routinely conies after the council has re­ viewed all projects and money funding sources available. 

SPECIAL NOTICE! 

LFD—BLEDSOE 
WILL BE 
CLOSED SATURDAY 

SO IHA! WE MAY PREPARE 

FOR IHE GREATEST 
FL RAITT RE SALE 

E J W 
/ MT* | 
JO rn J w m id l l 
• 
• • • • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 

SUNDAY FROM IO AM IO IO PM 

WITH SAVINGS GALORE ON NAME 
BRAND FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES 

EASY TERMS • FREE PARKING • FREE DELIVERY 
. p|e 
BLEDSOE 
IFO FURNITURE 
3151. COMMERCE-DOWNTOWN 

* 

THE CHOICEST 
PRODUCT OF 
THE BREWERS ART 

FAISTAFF 

 r f r f 
% 

HANDY ANDY 
BEER & W INE 
DEPARTMENT 

WE RESERVE THE R IG H T TO LIM IT QUANTITIES 

“u n ti** ^ 
MATEUS ROSE’ 

A CLASSIC IMPORT 
AT A REASONABLE 
PRICE 

25 OZ. 
BOTTLE 

GALLO 
PINK CHABLIS 

A WINE FOR ALL 
OCCASIONS 

M AG N U M 

A 

FIFTH 
A N D R E ’ 
CHAM PAGNE... 

23.5 OZ. BOTTLE 
YAGO 
SANT’G R IA ........ 

75o M 
Martini & Rossi 
VERMOUTH........ 

I4 
* . 

"itll 

FROM CALIFORNIA 
GALLO 
SPANA D A ..................... 
HALF GAL. 

75o M 
P A U I MASSON 
SHERRIES......... 

M A G N U M 
ALMADEN 
M OUNTAIN...... 

NOW YOU CAN LEISURELY SHOP THE WINE AND BEER DEPARTMENT FOR YOUR NEEDS. THE AISLES ARE WIDE 
AND INVITING. All NATIONAL BRANDS ARE CARRIED FOR YOUR PREFERENTIAL SELECTION. DOMESTIC WINES ARE 
FEATURED IN A VARIETY OF SIZES TO MEET YOUR WANTS AND NEEDS. A WIDE VARIETY OF IMPORTED WINES FOR A 
SPECIAL OCCASION ARE YOURS. SHOP US TODAY! 

AO EFFECTIVE THRU SAT., M ARCH 19 SA N AN TO N IO STORES ONLY 

Handy ^ Andy 
% 
HANDY ANDY’S OWN 
KASSEL 
BEER 

6 PACK I 2 OZ. CANS 

Handy ^ Andy 
Handy ffi Andy 
Handy ® Andy 

 r n 

■ 

Windsor firm features model of Forrest Glen 

Value is what you get with a new Windsor home. 
For less than $3oo a month, you can own a new three-bedroom, two-bath home in Forrest Glen, the popular northwestern Bexar C ounty communi­ ty. 
7523 Piper's Way 

This value is based on purchase price of $31,475 with no down payment and VA financed at 8 per cent annually with 36o equal monthly payments of 
1297. 

This home at 7523 Piper's Way fea­ tures exquisite carpeting, central air and heat — and all in a decorator- coordinated interior. This is inst one of tile value-filled houses presented by 
Windsor Homes. 

Windsor homes surround you with quality, luxury and convenience. 
Quality is emphasized; buyers would prefer to pay a little extra than have to face replacements rn two or three years. That's why Windsor Homes uses only high-grade materials that will give maximal life to your home. Su­ perb craftsmanship and close attention to detail are more contributions to your home's durability. 
\ 
Many people buy their new home after having lived in a luxurv apart­ ment for several years. In that time, they have grown accustomed to lux­ uries like carpeting, fireplaces and central air and heat; so. W indsor homes include these features as well as some others that very, very few apart­ ments offer; sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings, indoor u tility rooms, m aster suites with sitting rooms and garden kite hens with sorv e-outs to backyard patios 

Speaking of kitchens, they include range, vent hood, dishwasher and dis­ poser for maximal convenience and efficiency. 

Windsor homes are built creatively for you. Their research has revealed the most preferred floor plans; to these plans are added innovations that have received popular acceptance. 
F]aeh Windsor home is built in way that you. too. can add your own crea­ te lty. 
You'll find Windsor homes in the 

 m o s t desirable areas of t o w n : The 
Great Northwest. Forrest Glen and 
Bristol Place. Model homes are open in each area until dark. 
To reach Bristol Place, take N E. Ill 
35 north to Rittiman Road and turn east. 
To get to The Great Northwest and 
Forrest Glen, exit NAV 
Loop 41o at 
( ulebra Road and turn north. 
FORREST GLEN features W indsor H om es m odel as exam ple of lasting values in m odern, affordable housing 

J 
S / 
- 
" NEW HOMES 
TOW NHOMES 
^ APARTMENTS 
, 
-------------- __________________________ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 
Poge 
1-D 
'*^N 
1 
J I 

\ _ Z T ° LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS «r _ / T 
Inw 
I i 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
^ OF LIFESTYLES ^ 
— A-------------------------- 
J 

CLA SU FK D D IS M A Y 
CLASSI?!!O D ISM A Y 
CLASS!!HO D ISM A Y 
ClASSffWD D ISM A Y 
C IA S S IF K D 
DIS ALAY 
C L A SS I!!!D D ISM A Y 
The Talk of the Town 

 is 
O U T rf- 
OF TOWN! 

Everyone's talking about the New 
Briarwick! It's a return to the country. 
Just outside the city limits, Briarwick is out of the realm of city taxes Vet, it's so convenient to all the places and things you need to he near, like excellent North East schools and shopping centers 

See what everyone's talking about today. 

LITTON 

C L A SS IC O D ISM A Y 
CLASSI!!!o D ISM A Y 
C L A SS IC O OIS**LAY 

8/o6 Kentsdale 
LUXURIOUS! 
☆4 Bedroom Family Home-Northeast Schools!*^ 

Briarwick 

Carpeting • Fireplace • Cathedral Ceiling • 
% Masonry • Energy Package • Complete privacy fencing • Patio and Landscaping 

NO DOWN AND NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

NO CITY TAXES 
MEANS LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

N or!livest Schools • M inutes to Windsor 
Park M ill • Centrally located between ft 
Sum Houston & Randolph AFB • I s >y access to expressways furnished models open daily until 8 p rn 
Take 1H 35 to the Wal/eni exit. drive east on 
Walzern and follow the signs Ph 655 4123 

GAM* p!'«-« $J9 SOO No a own poymunt j n d n o 
« l o % t n « c o m * 
V A m o !< K .* i| c - 
$ 49 SOQ 4bQ i-qu.il monthly pi nu ip.il .md m ltfy yl I'.iym ttifs of 
'I I tor iO yt-.ICi 
<rt a 
Annual Here 
H.ilo 
P r i m ‘p.ji (lid Intl.ft--I 
$. H'> 'in 
T u*»s (C o u n ty 
St.itf S< h o o l l 
*>/ 
• Not) < tty !<*«>•*. luso'jncu i i /*, tO t A L M O N T H L Y P A Y M l NT 
$ 4 o / OO 

NO MONTHLY 
PAYMENTS 
’TIL JULY ! 

Open Daily 9 AM to 8 PM 

4 9 4 * 1 9 2 6 royal crest homes 

Ray Ellison 
Homes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 
____ 

 c iA s s f f W D m s ^ ia t c L A S M f w o t iw u T cuBSFSooIIKay t m a w n ©a ttn a y c u u u i i a o w u t c i a s s i 'h d w m A r c u k i$ m m o tm * r 
~ ~ c I a m w w p o i h h a t ' o a m w b w u t r MIME US. HOME NEIGHBORHOOD 

OMING 

 l o o p 16o4. 

IN LEON VALLEY AREA 
“As for tennis and swimming, we never had it so good . . . ifs all right here, and we don't have to leave the neighborhood." 

A sk About The 

J 
A vailab le On 
^ 
^ 7 
Selected H om es 
This W eekend, 

V t ACRE W OODED ESTATES 
My wife and I like to sit in our large, wood­ ed backyard and relax as the sun goes down. 
She s already talking about shopping at the new Ingram Mall as soon as it opens." 

LACKLAND 
AIR FORCE BASE 

KELLY 
AIR FORCE BASE 

THE N A T IO N ’S LARGEST HOMEBUILDER 
BRINGS YOU THE BEST FINANCING IN TOW N. 

81.oo 
CLOSING COST. NO DOW N 
PAYMENT FOR VETERANS. 

845o.oo 
AS LOW AS $45o TOTAL 
CONVENTIONAL M OVE-IN. 

NORTHWEST 

TW IN CREEK 
NEW HOMES f r o m $3o,95o TO $44,95o 
681-1 I I I 

OAK CREEK 
NEW HOMES f r o m $48,5oo TO $9o,ooo 
684-3112 

NORTHEAST 
M E A D O W O A K S 
NEW HOMES f r o m $31,95o TO $45,97o 
658-7461 or 658-7462 

MEADOW O AKS 
PATIO H O M ES 
NEW HOMES FROM $28,95o TO $36,95o 
658-7461 or 658-7462 

GREENRIDGE NORTH 
NEW HOMES FROM $32,95o TO $47,ooo 
656-323o 

WOODSTONE 
NEW HOMES FROM $27,95o TO $31,95o 
656-5474 

NORTHCLIFFE EAST 
NEW HOMES FROM $27,45o TO $36,95o 
659-1161 o r 625-7566 

NORTHCLIFFE 
NEW HOMES FROM $37,25o TO $44,95o 
659-o471 o r 625-9295 

NORTHCLIFFE COUNTRY 
CLUB ESTATES 
NEW HOMES FROM $61,75o TO $1o3,ooo 
659-1261 o r 625-91 75 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch 19 1977 

CIASSIFW D D U K A T 
C LA SSIFIfD D U K A T 
CLASSIFIC o4 JA LA Y 
C L A M M S D D4SALAY 
CLASSIFIED D I SALAT 
C LASSIFIED D ISA LA T 
CLA SSIFIED O IS K A T 
C l A is iT if b O IS ALA T 
C LA SSIFIED D IS A LA Y 
IM SAN ANTONIO, 
A l i i * i 

OM 

 r 

UNIQUE O PT IO N P R O G R A M 
B ec a u se o f the o p tio n p ro g ra m w e w e re 

 ab le to select the lu x u ry a p p lia n c e s 

 a lw a y s w a n te d in ou r h o m e a n d still k e e p our bud aet 
\GhswuudqsL 7UMh.\ 

CITY TAXES 

O n e o f the m ost p le a sa n t th in gs to d o at 

 n igh t u p here is sit b y the p o o l a n d w a tch the 

 city skyline glim m er. It se e m s so far a w a y , 

NORTHCLIFFE 

HILL TOP VIEW H O M ES 

O u r new h o m e is o n top o f o n e o f the 

 highest hills aro u n d , a n d w e h a v e a sp e cta c u la r 

 view o f the hill cou n try a n d g o lf course. 

M e a d o w & all J 
G A TEW AY TO RANDO LPH 

The new 
W a r d s a n d 
J o sk e s sto re s in 
W in d so r Park M a ili a re c lo se to the h o u se , 

NORTHCLIFFE East 
ENERGY S A V IN G 
“SN U G H O M E ” FEATURES 

The healthy o u td o o rs a tm o sp h e re is g re a t for our 

 kid s to g ro w up in a n d the s n u g h o m e fe a tu re s low er 

 our utility bills. 
NORTHCLIFFE 
Country QubEstatcs 
THE COUNTRY CLUB-GOLF 
C O M M U N IT Y 

W e h a ve fun tennis m atches, a n d there a re plenty 

 of lighted courts for p la y after w ork. C a n t w ait til the 

 cou n try club o p e n s d o w n the street 

 a n d w e re m inutes from R a n d o lp h . 

Patio Hom es 
N O M AINTEN ANCE, 
CAREFREE 
PATIO HOM E LIV IN G 

V .,- tra v e l a g re a t d e a l o n the w e e k e n d , 

 a n d e n e ve r h a ve to w o rry a b o u t m o w in g 

 the la w n , etc. u n lik e a n y o th e r p a tio h o m e s 

**•'< n o com m on w a ll like in a n 

-.ii i ' t * e o f 

W H O BUILDS THE BEST HOMES, IN THE BEST 
NEIGHBORHOODS, AT THE BEST PRICE? 
HoMECRAB us-Home 

LISTED O N THE N E W YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 

QUALITY ☆ INTEGRITY ☆ PRICE 

H om ecraft is n o w a division of U.S. H o m e Corporation, the n a tio n ’s la rge st hom ebuilder 

“Worth coming home to?” 
You bet! 

A sk som e on e w h o live s in a U.S. H om e or come out today and see our pro­ fessionally decorated model hom es open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. seven days a week. 
A sk your sa le s con su ltan t about the m any ad vantages of ow ning a U.S. Home. But yo u ’ll truly appreciate the rew ards of your new U.S. Hom e after y o u ’ve settled in. 

J 

Business is booming in Ray Ellison areas 

Business is booming at Ray 
Ellison's s i n subdivisions sur­ rounding San Antonio, and the management team at Ray E l­ lison Homes believes tin* pheno­ menal sales figures during the first 21 months of 1977 will continue throughout the year. 
According to II b Maurer, director ut marketing for Ha\ Edison Homes. sales figures lur Jan u ary and F e ­ bruary arc running better than double the PITH rate for the same months, and actual sales are exceeding sales pro­ jections for 1977 by substantial mar­ gins. 

CLA SSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

“ We've always believed that we're dealing with a sophisticated buyer," 
Maurer said, "but this year really proves the point People are looking at the overall housing situation across the nation and looking at the inflation that’s affecting materials like lumber and bricks, and they’re deciding that. if they’re going to buy at all. they’d better do it this year, before the price of a new home really does go out of reach for the average homebuyer." 
Maurer pointed out that the situation in San Antonio is much more favorable regarding the prices of new homes than elsewhere iii the country but sounded a note of caution as he indi­ cated an av erage inflation rate of about a half of I per cent per month in this 

C lA S S irilD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFICO DISPLAY 

 a tea. 
"There's been an awful lot of static in the mass media about new homes being out of reach for tin* average homebuyer, but it’s apparent that people here aren't ready to believe that." Maurer said, "at least, not yet.” 
Maurer pointed out that a great deal of buyer confidence in the Ellison pro­ duct has been surfacing during the first months of 1977. 
"W e're certainly not bashful about the fact that we are volume builders. 
That’s the name of the game for us." 
Maurer said "but, volume building to us isn t a dirty word, and it isn't to the consumer, either, because he knows that Hay Ellison has really mastered the art of volume building. He's put 

CLASSIFIED 

Tanglewood is one of six major communities of new homes by Ray Ellison which are located in the 
San Antonio areas where new home sales are roughly double 1976 rates. Buyer confidence in the Ellison product plus choice locations around 

 together a management team over the years that knows how to apply the very latest in construction techniques and methods. 
“ And, buyers know that we know how to take full advantage of volume purchasing strategies when it comes to buying materials and supplies. I’m very simply, they know we’re not going 

 the city are only part of the reason for the suc­ cessful year, and much of the credit must go to 
San Antonio's Realtor community, which prefers to bring their clients to Ray Ellison neighborhoods. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 to do it at the expense of quality. We’re building the best new homes in town in our price range, and it's a broader range than ever before. We’re proud of that." 

Maurer said one of the strongest drawing features of all new Ray E l­ lison homes built since January, 1976 

CLASSIFIED 
CLASSIFIED DISPLA Y 

 has been the exclusive Ellison energy package. 
"To make new home monthly pay­ ments fit the family budget," he said. 
"people are looking with great interest at our energy package because it does cut utility bills significantly with nor­ mal usage, and that makes a lot of sense to todav’s consumer." 
CLAitm(D DIW^ 
DISPLAY 
HEADS 
ARE BETTER 
TH AN ONE! 

REALTORS SELL OUR HOMES — AND LOTS OF THEM! 
That’s why realtors and Ray Ellison work hand in hand to sell Ray Ellison homes. This year, already proving to be a GREAT year for new home sales, all of us at Ray Ellison Homes are first to acknowledge that the professional real estate community is a key ingredient in the successful sale of new 
Ray Ellison homes. 

REALTORS WONT WORK WITH JUST ANY BUILDER. 
Realtor reputations are often linked to the kinds of builders and new homes they offer to prospective home buyers. They know that slipshod craftsmanship won’t satisfy their customers and will hurt the real estate market in the long run. Thus, their preference for Ellison. 

REALTORS HAVE SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE 
OF THE HOUSING MARKET. 
Many new home buyers who realize this fact consult real estate agents for the same reasons they consult their lawyers for legal advice and their physicians for medical aid — because the realtor is a professional with specialized experience, training and background. 

TWO OUT OF THREE NEW HOMES PURCHASED 
FROM RAY ELLISON DURING 1976 WERE 
PURCHASED THROUGH REAL ESTATE AGENTS! 
That’s certainly proof of the confidence that the realtor community has in Ray Ellison Homes. It’s also proof that realtors know Ray Ellison homes represent broad variety and diversified price ranges that answer clients’ individual needs and preferences. 

HERE S WHAT REALTORS KNOW THAT YOU 
SHOULD KNOW: 
Camelot 
Northeast 655-4123 
S3o<S58,ooo 
This is the best location in town — near Windsor 
Park Mall. They know the homes feature the most modern energy-savers, including microwave cooking as standard in much of Camelot and Brookwood 

 i A i l d u 
) o o d 
Northwest 681-3o2o 
338-346,ooo 
The phenomenonal success story of Wildwood is based on choice location outside the city and features the finest contemporary home designs. 

 l a y 
Ellison 

•ETngleunod 

Northwest 696-817o 
$39-546,ooo 
Tanglewood is perfect for clients seeking a quiet, exclusive neighborhood only minutes from active centers of modern living. btabcock if: north 

Northwest 696-817o 
S31-S38.ooo 
Babcock North offers the security and convenience of a neighborhood elementary school for the children’s short and safe walk to and from classes. h erifodi! 

Northwest 673-4142 
$3o-545,ooo 
There’s a lot of drawing power in Heritage Farm’s own swimming pool, tennis courts, private lake, and the nearby riding stables — without the burden of city taxes. 
VAliBr'-Hl 

Kelly/Lackland Area 674-3575 
$24-$32,ooQ 
The combination of quality and value in Valley-Hi — with the lowest monthly payments in town — makes it the first choice for military families looking for off-base housing near Kelly and Lackland AFBs. 

And ALL new Ray Ellison homes built since January 
1976 have the Exclusive Energy Package built in — which realtors point out when their clients are looking for ways to reduce utility costs! 

VA, FHA, and CONVENTIONAL 

FINANCING AVAILABLE! 

NO CLOSING COSTS, VA! 

WHEN IT COMES TO SELLING NEW HOMES- T W O 
HEADS ARE BETTER THAN ONE! 
We recognize and appreciate the trust that has grown between San Antonians and the fine real estate community that serves them. Ray Ellison is proud to be part of a preferred team offering home buyers MORE THAN ANYONE ELSE in location, in product, and in value! And that’s why realtors will continue to introduce prospective home buyers to new Ray Ellison homes! 

______ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 

C LA M .W ID B IS H A Y __________ 
CIA SSIFICD D ISPLAY 
CIASSIFICD D I* A l AY 
C L A S S IF IC B I S H A Y ________________________ C L A S S IF IC B I S H 
A 
Y ________ 
C IA S S IF K D B IS H A Y _______________________ C L A SSIF U B B IS H A Y 
C L A SSISM S O IS H A Y 
C IA SSIFK D O IS H A T 

Neighborhood 

 f'tjU 
.. \ 

■ 
3 
J+ I • « • * ;% 

—— 
. -f 
/^ Sf* 
\ 

Real Class. 

Listen sw eetheart, the m inute I 

 saw V alencia I knew it w as a high class outfit. Real clean. And these h o m es give you everything you need to live in fine style. Like lots of room . 
With h o m es ranging from 1 5 o o 

 to approxim ately 2 o o o sq. ft. Terrific. 
But what’s m o re important is that they live big. With oversized m aster 
^ bedroom s. L arg e living and family 
/ 

 f t 

Valencia. It’s an all new part of the neighborhood an d it’s the cat’s pajam as, 
^gipk- Now, during the opening, w e ’ll have 
/J?p P som e of th e jazziest hom es o n display 

 areas. And lots of storage sp ace. Even ^ 
# * this side of C asab lan ca. And th e y ’ll b e bonus room s. N ow that's swell. decorated by so m e of S an A ntonio's top 
B u t class d o esn 't always cost a lot. interior designers. S o you can se e what 
T h ese beau ties run from $ 3 8 , o o o to y o u ’re getting into. It’s swell. S o b e there. 
$ 4 8 ,o o o . And with great extras like a o n e year written guarantee an d a 
H om e O w n er's Manual, a h o m e in 
V alen cia is a better find 

 than the Maltese Falcon . 

ZZ 3 
Heres looking for you, kid. 

H ey kid, w e’ll be looking for you during the big grand o p en in g of 

Were playing it again. 

O n e m ore time. And this time with even m ore pizzazz. T h e new part of V alencia has only S u cce ss 
H om es. T o p of the line all the way. With a clu bh ou se, swimming pools, even tennis courts. 
It's still Valencia. 
Ju s t a new part. 
’C a u se listen, when you played it so well the first time, it'd b e a crim e not to play it again. C o m e out an d see what w e m ean. 

Friedrich 

CANI R A I A * COMDITKMNL. 

INSTALLED SY 
GEORGE SMITH, INC. 
O f SAN A N TO N IO 

Its a sweetheart of a Grand Opening 
Model Homes Now Showing 

 m orton southwest 

I*uriii-lied model- omit (lull* iii du-k 
655-5982 

(I >ul til lot* ii f a l l «*«»11«-«~ 1 1 
W rile: P.O. Hon Iii I2 H 
Sail \n ln ii io . le v a - 782H(> 

OPPORTUNITY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S- 
■Saturday March I 9 I 977 
Homecraft Corp. has been acquired by a firm said to be the largest home builder in the United States. The U. S. Home Corp. now is the firm’s new name. Under the name of Homecraft Corp., much building and developing was done for the Bexar 
County area. The firm chose to do both in the growing — if not thriving — north­ 

 western and northeastern parts of the county. Its first community here was Twin 
Creek, where, with its new name, the firm still offers new homes for sale and presents fully furnished, professionally decorated models to visitors. The next community 
Homecraft opened was in the near north­ western part of Bexar County that boasts 

Homecraft Corp. becomes division of U. S. Home 

Homecraft 
Corp. has born acquired bv I S 
Home ( orp., said to lo* 
• v largest homo (milder 
•** : ■ I lilted 'italO'*, and 
' boltin to operate 
. or Un now name. I S 
Home Corp 

More than J 1* yearn 
.leo. H om ecraft Corp commenced its single-fa­ un i> lait*! developm ent and home building aeti- 
\ it ion in -att \ntonio 
Si nee that tune. it has nomine the largest land developer and home builder in San \ntomo. with m ajor re sid e n tial eomiminitit"* located in tile fastest -.crow tnt; areas of the county the north­ west and the northeast. 
Three a year 
I he (levelopment** in ­ clude Green ridge North. 
Meadow Oaks 
\orth- eliffe, Twin Creek Oak 
( reek and Wuud-lone. to make an average of Him* communities a year 
Northeliffe'- "ingle-fa- univ resid en tial coll course com m unity fea­ tures three model home park" Northeliffe I-ast. 
Northeliffe Country Club 
Kstates and Northeliffe. 
The $15o m illio n co m ­ munity. located off N I*'. 
III 35 northwest of Hu* lu'rtus Road (K M 11o3), sold 27 new homes for sales in excess of SI m il­ lion during H" grand opening day in October 

 last year Northeliffe has continued to receive national recognition for its trem endous sales success attd for Phase I of its $2 m illion recrea­ tional facility program, which includes lighted tennis courts, profession­ al centre co u rt, an 
IK-hole golf course. swimming pool, wading pool, special diving pool and thrcc-story c lu b ­ house. 
Homecraft, the housing leader iii the Alamo City and throughout Texas, had initiated many inno­ vative programs and ex­ clusive features in its homes aud communities 
For example, the com ­ pany. iii 1973. introduced the energy-saving “ Snug 
Home Program, which includes, in each new home, such features as energy-efficient air con­ ditioning and heating systems, insulated foil- back sheathing: gray tint solar glass windows; and precision-fitted steel 1 doors with insulation and refngerator-typc. m ag­ net ie weatherstrip 
Also last year. the company 's new exclu­ sive Option Program was instrumental rn enabling their home buyers to purchase a baste home. and also have the oppor- 
(unity to add optional luxury equipment such as appliances, to the home. 
Another 
Hom ecraft first ut San Antonio s housing market includes a full*)ear warranty on all serviceable products, as w ell as on the con­ struct ton of the home 
Service trucks have txvn assigned lo each of the communities aud provide dependable warranty sen ice for each home 

I s 
Hume Corp will continue the Homecraft corporative objective of meeting the many chal­ lenging housing demands in the n a tio n s lOth-largest c ity . I S 
Home div isions are lo­ cated in ll Texas cities and rn Louisiana. 
Too hot? 
If the Iud water from your lap is scalding hot your plumber can make adjustments to bring it down to your liking 
It also is likely that the hot w ater w ill last longer that way. 

 rolling hills for home settings. It was there the firm introduced Greenridge North, still going strong. Farther northeast, Meadow 
Oaks was opened as the firm’s neighbor­ hood in the Universal City vicinity. Later, 
Homecraft sort of “ adopted” the W ood- stone development in northeastern San 

Antonio. 
2 

 d A S i i n i o D IS H * r 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

G R E E N S P R IN G V A L L E Y m o d e l 

G reen S p rin g 
V a lle y excites 

Green Spring V alley. an ex citin g new 

 m i I k I i v ision inst north *»t the Nan Antonio city li­ mits. offers homelier!* a unique bv mg cm m in­ im* n I i i i a c a re fu lly planned but natural s e t ­ ting. 
Subtliv lMon planners w ere able to p reserve m uch of the n a tu ra l beauty of the area, and the subdivision's pro­ gressive design has used the area s terrain to create n atu ral re c re a ­ tional fa c ilitie s for ho­ meowners 
Natural park 
Green sp rin g V alley residents can enjoy their own natural park The 
— Ut’ of this park in a 
M-aere green In It which ha** been deeded to ho­ meowners Nature trails wind through a heavily wooded section of tills 
(wit Huge. old oaks line the tru th 
These trees aud the undergrow th have been left i i i their natural state 
The green boll also in­ cludes a Pleine are a. complete with tables, and a urushy meadow with a football grid 
And p a r­ ent" will In* glad children tan reach the park with­ out crossing any m ajor streets 
The sti bd i v ision s swimming pool aud ten* ut" courts also have been built with the landscape in mind 
Tall oak trees shade the swimming a r­ ea. which is cam pit lc w iih a w aterfall, rock- lined w alkw ays and an island in the m iddle of the pool, i i reen Spring 
Valley homeowners can play on three profession* al si/e tennis courts, but no chain link fence mars the horizon. Nylon nets, keep the hall" in w it bt nil blocking the view 
A party cabana, matte of rock and redwood iii nm- toinjxirary styling, offer- residents full {tarty faci- 

 v ision Iii " iii Hie North 
Fast School District 
P ric e s range from I 

JHS.non to SUMI.(MMt 
F i­ 

 nancing is available at advantageous terms 
V tsit 
G reen 
Sp rin g 
Valley today and enjoy the natural emiroumeiit actually enhanced by this innovative housing deve­ lopment. 

C l A f SIO*© OOM. A Y 

Great bedroom, 
Agnes and Harry Owens! 

D on't be surprised if someone tells you how great your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, w'tth handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodburu­ ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ing! v individualistic. Each home is designed tor its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. lust ask any of our home­ owners. 
WM GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

I A s s o c ia te d P re ss... I 

-ii unix guard" putn 

Iv. Land 
(ii* un the 
*r " of G reen 
V a I lev fur cont­ use and will mmmi resident- with enee store- and 

I Its Beat: 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I i 
I 
I 
I i 
I 
I i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

The World 

The Express and N ew s 

 are San Antonio’s O N L Y newspapers to provide readers with the most complete news coverage from Texas, the nation, and around the world through exclusive membership in the 

ASSOCIATED 
PRESS 
NEWS 
SERVICE 

 the world s best and most prestigious service of its kind. AP dispatches news from points all over Texas, the nation, and the world. In San Antonio, the only member newspapers to carry 
Associated Press stories ore the 

■ 
I 
II 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
II 
I 
I 

 convenience " 
"Umtar I ait Ii tn 
This natural v inuintent I- k ti int* minute- I laiup 4Ri and I i minutes from North s ta r and 
< eidrul Dark M all" 
Grt*t*n Sp rin g \ alb*v 

I t "ident> pav IHI l Itv tuxes, and tm 

E xp ress a n d N e w s j 

Is it any w onder w e're A m e rica 's fastest-grow ing new sp a pe rs? 

» A- _ > 
•■‘VJVL 

Af OROO*. 
» , r~- 
Af ;x. x> 

I .v'-XAkhrn.. 

■y-r’VO 
OOO*, 

 other Nature lives right in the middle of our 
Atrium Home. 
$67,8oo 

GR&N dPRTIG WLL©' 

A prestige community with tennis courts, fxnils. 
/Kirkland- Lind the must henutifnl cuntenipf>rurv 

Orts firm shows homes 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Saturday March I 9 I 9 7 7 
3 » 

T hunderbird E states, one of the m ore e s ta b ­ lished neighborhoods for 

 c l a ssif ie d M v u t r 
" 

 new homes in northwes­ tern San Antonio and within Loop 41o, is the 

CIASMFHD DISPLAY 
" 

 setting for a num ber of m o d e ra tely priced houses built by the H. P. 
'clAiSOWfe DllAtAY 

Orts Construction Co. 
These hom es, three- and four-bedroom in de- rsHPOV 

A LITTLE BIRD* 
SHOWED US... 

'an O ak M eadow lark 

The w ay to 
„ the newest, m ost 
'" S d * exciting area for living 

 in the San A n to n io area . 

A n n o u n cin g Phase ll of O A K M L A D O W . 
Diarnatto 1 and 2 story floorplans, tea 
' turm g 3.4 and 5 bedroom s. Large spacious 

 hom es a m o n g the trees . . . private, hidden 

" 
— 

 values . . . the hom eow ner will grow to appreciate. A Sitterle W orld, in a country 

 atm osphere, o n ly 6 m inutes from the malls and L o o p 41o eadouf 
492 227o 

3. 4 and 5 Bed room H o m e s from $54,6o o * V A . C o n ve n tio n al 
F in a n c in g * N o C ity Taxes * N E. S c h o o ls • Com plete Recrea ttonal Facilities • En ergy Savin g In su lation • Cedar R o o fs • Large. 

W ooded. Landscaped L o ts • M o d e ls O pen D aily 

M A U K ! I I D BY G U Y CHIPM AN C O M P A N Y HL AL T OMS 

 sig n s, a re ready for immediate occupancy in the co m m u n ity often called “ the last of the great locations.” 
Price range 

Prices range from as low as $33,65o upward to only $36,ooo. Eight per cent interest is offered on 
VA and FUA financing. 
Conventional term s for financing homes also are available. 
An excellent exam ple of the 
T h u n d erb ird 
E s ta te s hom es 
O rts offers is the spacious house at 6oo6 W hite 
Cloud. 
Among its splendid featu res are a paneled den, formal dining room, walk-in closets, finished two-car garage. C arrier central heat and air con­ ditioning, rear patio and 
Frigidaire appliances in the kitchen. 
Bordered by the thor­ o u g h fares of In g ra m , 
Callaghan and Bandera 
Roads, 
T h u n d erb ird 
E states yields easy ac­ cess to Southw est R e­ search Institute. South 
T exas M edical C enter, 
Roger Executive Center, 
M ethodist 
H ospital, 
Veterans Administration 
H ospital, South T exas 
M edical C en ter, L a c k ­ land and Kelly A FB s, n u m ero u s shopping ce n te rs and m alls and restaurants. 
Exclusive marketing agents for Thunderbird 
Estates are Cornelius & 
Associates, Real Estate. r c iA iiin io d is pl a y ------------- 

5 IZ -ft t H L J I p 
,4 V — 
U - i ar— 

HOMECRAFT introduces 7 Vt per cent interest rates in six sites 
Homecraft offering 

An annual interest rate as low as IV2 per cent will be offered with VA financing for selected homes in all Homecraft Corp. residential areas this weekend. 
As well, VA financing which requires a total move-in cost of only $1 can apply to many home purchases in Homecraft communities ranging from northwestern Bexar County all the way up to Comal and Guadalupe Counties. 
Models showing 

Luxury features of Hom ecraft houses arc dis­ played in the models shown in each neighborhood. 
They include appointments like woodburning fire­ places com pletely handcrafted, boxed w.i.uows, wooden cabinetry, fine carpeting, color-coordinated wallcoverings and all-electric kitchens with dish­ washers. disposers and Magic Chef ranges with continous-clean ovens. 
Other fine features of Homecraft houses are pa­ tios. room-finished two-car garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors 
These homes also boast features that exemplify the real meaning behind Homecraft’s recent housing concept, th** “ Snug Home.” 
“ Snug H om e” is a term H om ecraft chose to briefly describe the solid construction of its IOO per cent masonry homes. Although it sounds simple enough, there is much to it, especially when the need for modern families to save as much energy as possible is considered. The Snug Home accom ­ plishes that with ease. 
Energy-saving features in Homecraft houses ac­ tually result in “ tight” insulation — not just ample insulation. cu m u r e w r i t — 

I WANT TO GIVE YOU A 

T A X S H I L T ! * 

“Now that tax time is just around the corner, I thought it would be a good time to remind you of a great tax shelter almost any one can have. 
You can even live in it! lf you’re paying rent the only one who gets the tax deduction on what you pay is the landlord. But if you live in your own home, you do. And the amount I’ll give you back every year can be big money. So take it from one who knows. 
D o n ’t throw your m oney a w a y on rent— invest it in a new hom e!” 

LIKE THIS ONE AT NORTHCLIFFE. 

 hPm 

•t 
^ 
We have the best of everything. Besides the m ost erything. 
1 o o % brick hom e buy in the state of Texas, we offer you golf, tennis, swimming, and spectacular views of the surrounding Hill Country. 

DIRECTIONS: 
Drive 
IH-35 
North 6.5 mi. past Loop 16o4 to exit I 1o3. Follow signi. 

I 3 PRO FESSIO N ALLY 
DECORATED M O D ELS 

•37,25o to ‘4 4 ,9 5 o 

NEW 3 ft 4 BEDROOM ALL BRICK HOMES 

659-o471 OR 625-9195 

OPEN DAILY 
9 A.M. TO 9 P.M. 

 r 

7 
% 
Financing for Veterans 
AVAILABLE O N ELECTED HOM ES 

*1.oo 
Total VA move-in 
5 % down conventional with low closing costs. 

Homecraft now conducts its business as 
I u sH o m e 

<V 

LISTED O N THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
U.S. HOME CORPOKATION 

Worth coming home to. 

7V2% VA 

Items included in the Snug Home concept are double paned, solar gray and light resistant win­ dows; foil-faced sheathing added to wall insulation to reflect both heat and light; and steel-encased doors with magnetic, refrigerator-type weatherstripping. 
To make a grand display of all these fine features, most Homecraft models are fully furnished and professionally decorated. Consider the wide variety of both homes and communities by Homecraft plus all the advantageous term s and affordable prices, and you've got a “ Parade of Homecraft.” 
Twin Creek 
Twin Creek is the first of the Homecraft com ­ munities for the San Antonio area. Situated between 
Bandera and Culebra Roads and off Grissom Road north of N.W. Loop 416. the northwestern Bexar 
County community has become the address of so many families that it now is considered one of the more established recent neighborhoods. 
Streets here necessitate slow traffic, and house exteriors along each create an impressive blending of both colors and styles. This shows how Homecraft plans its areas strictly on a professional basis. 
The com m unity also features its own private clubhouse and amenity area. It offers green-sur- faced, fenced tennis courts lighted at nights. Other facilities are a swimming pool, wading pool, club­ house with equipped kitchen and children’s play­ ground. 
Although surrounded by nature. Twin Creek also has a location of utm ost convenience. The thor­ oughfare Bandera Road is just a mile away; N.W. bion 41*1, one mile more. 
Outside city limits, Twin Creek residents pay no city taxes with their home payments. 
Located in the preferred Northside School Dis­ trict. Twin Creek is also close to UTSA, US A A, South 
Texas Medical Center. Southwest Research Institute and Kelly and Lackland AFBs. 
Greenridge North 
The second of the Homecraft areas for San An­ tonio. Greenridge North boasts an amenity area at the peak point of the hilly community situated off 
Toepperwein Road east of Nacogdoches Road north of N E. Loop 41o and west of Y E . Ill 35. 
Its amenity area features a junior olympic size swimming pool, wading pool and clubhouse with equipped kitchen 
Although Greenridge North is slightly outside the city limits, the community is near North East Dis­ trict schools, Randolph AFB. Windsor Park Mall, the Outer Loop, N E. Bl 35, UTSA, USAA and other major destination flints. 
Meadow Oaks 
The third Homecraft residential area for San An­ tonians, Meadow Oaks has caught the interest of many a home hunter looking for a fine house nestled among trees in a neighborhood near all the conven­ iences of the city. 
Situated just smith of N E. FM 1664 and east of 
N E. IU 35, Meadow Oaks fits that description to tin* fullest. Its serenity, combined with its convenience. has attracted many since it opened 
Homes here are situated on oversized lots and are designed for families of today who want the most in a new home. 
The community is convenient to Randolph AFB via N E. FM 1664. It also is near the shopping and entertainment facilities in Universal City, 
Complete city services, of course, are in Meadow- 
Oaks, despite its serene setting. It is outside San 
Antonio city limits, which calls for lower property taxes included in monthly home payments. It is in the Judson School District, with good proximity to an elementary school and a junior high school. 
Also, an amenity area called The Oaks Swim and 
Tennis Club is exclusively for the enjoym ent of 
Meadow Oaks residents. 
Woodstone 
This northeastern San Antonio neighborhood is one Homecraft m ore or less “ adopted’’ for the benefit of many San Antonians. 
Homecraft takes great pride in its ability to in­ troduce a series of new homes priced so low that a sharp contrast to prices of thor builders’ houses in 
VV<K>dstone is at once noticeable. 
H om ecraft’s houses include a series of all-tna- sonry homes priced from as low as $3o,95o. Some models this weekend are offered for even less than that because of a close-out sale. 
The com munity of Woodstone is exciting in a number of different ways. Homes are built on over­ sized lots with many trees. Ail lots front on paved streets with concrete curbs. Underground utility lines eliminate unsightly poles and lines that would m ar the natural beauty of the serenity and rolling terrain. 
Woodstone. near numerous destination points and within the highly rated North East School District, is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. Ill 35 to 
Judson Road, proceeding west toward Nacogdoches 
Road and follow ing signs. 
Oak Creek 
The fourth community professionally planned by 
Homecraft, Oak Creek stands out as a prime exam­ ple of its lengthy experience in developing com ­ munities for modern living and lasting values 
In choosing the serene setting for Oak Creek, 
Homecraft was sure to preserve Mother Nature s own creations in a way which allowed all city con­ veniences, R e s u ltin g ^ . Oak Creek boasts fully paved, c u rb e d s tre e ts , all city u tilitie s and sidewalks 
Because the building/developing firm plans to build luxury homes on the area’s 3oo acres of wooded elegance, special extras are offered among homes now showing in the neighborhood. Even custom building is welcomed here iMikak Creek is serenely situated between Culebra and Pig ranee Roads just inside NAV. FM 16o4. 
Northcliffe 
The most recent of the Homecraft areas, North- cliffe is stated as a collective name for three differ­ ent residential areas. 
The $156 million resident la I/golf course commun­ ity is located on 8o5 acres with substantial frontage along N.E. Ill 35. Construction is well under way on 
Phase I of its $2 million golf, tennis and swim d u b amenity program. 
Northcliffe has three model home parks, with 13 fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes: 
N orthcliffe Country Club E states has hom es priced from $66,366 to $93,566, and many have a view of the 18-hole championship golf course. Northcliff!* 
Fast has two- to four-lH*droom hollies priced from 
$27,566 to $31,756. Northcliffe has spacious three- and four-bedroom homes priced from $37,25o to $44,956. 
To reach Northcliffe, take Y E . Hi 35 north to the 
Cibolo-1 (abortus Road exit and follow the signs lo the community. Its fountain cntranccway is quite noti­ ceable. 

;—■ ■rrm. 
. .?»......................... — ..... ■-................ 
— 
------------ ------------ ------------ —— I 
' 
"" ~ ' r ~ 

Care for lawn can increase value of home 

 s 

Have you ever won- deri'd wha! all thai nice g reenery around your home is w o rth ? 
How much difference in the selling p rice of your house would an attractive lawn make — or flowers. trees and shrubs'’ 
Well. so has Scoffs the lawn and cardon people 

 would add an average of more than $1,4oo to the resale value of the house 
Attractive flowers, trees and shrubs around the home. they feel, would add about SI .‘>oo more to its value, fur a total of 
$2,ooo 

Hut, in the eves of the 

 m d they 
..... to fllld 
Realtors the im portance 
.uT^oi a nice lawn and plant­ ings goes bevond this ii out inst what impact tin kind of greenery makes in the selling price of a typical suburban home 
T h ey asked an indepen­ dent research organiza­ tion t" pot the question to 
Os R ealto rs located in 

( hicago, 
D enver and northern New Jersey. im portant' 
The survey dramat* teal 1> revealed that an attractive lawn and plantings are doubly im portant in the R e a l­ tors’ eyes They not only add substantially to the value of the property, but thev also make the pro- s pee live buyer f ee I that the house itself has been well taken care of M or­ eover. it significantly m- tTeases the speed with which the house is sold 
In tho su rv e y , the 
Realtors first were asked what dollar difference a thick, green, weed-free lawn would make in the sale price of a $43,ooo to 
$5o,ooo home 
T h e ir replies in d icate that a lawn im p ro ve d this way 
----- 

 per cent increase in the vaine of the home \\hen asked. “ W hy do you 
(lunk the condition of the lawn would be a factor in a prospect s decision to purchase'’ ” their com­ ments indicate prospec­ tive buyers form a very clear impression about the condition of the in­ terior of a house inst by the looks of the lawn and other greenery 

As one e„\pressed it. 
I t s an indication of the way the p r o p e r t y has been maintain**! And it sots the house ii i a p ic ­ ture fram e," 
A number of Realtors feel some bu yers also v iew a nice lawn in terms o| the future savings it would mean — both iii time and money. 
When asked. “ W hy do/don’t you think a thick, green, weed-free lawn would increase the speed of sale?.” almost three-fourths of the 
Realtors say it makes a significant d ifferen ce. a*?*roiobiiPiAv 
1 

Quality H om er 

 in a Country 
Com in unity 

 f r o n t 

5 5 / o o o 

6 5 1 - 6 2 3 7 

 lo d sh a w - M ille r 

 and 24 of these again cite the importance of a good first impression 
Other reasons given included the way a nice lawn en­ hances the whole proper­ ty. the fact that it pro­ vides a good guide to the condition of tho house and the savings in time and money to the buyer 
“ It makes an attractive package, and that s vvhat sells — tin' wrapping of the package,", said one. 
Another pointed out, 
“ Emotional decisions .ire why the most people buy one house over another house ” a third Realtor summed it up this way 
“ It simply has been pro­ ven through past sales that neatness in lawn care helps to sell a home quicker " 
Tile presence of att­ ractive flowers, trees and shrubs also increases the speed of sale of a home. in the eyes of HJ ju t cent of the Realtors, for rea­ sons much the same as for having an attractive lawn However, tliev re­ cognize that there is a wide range of individual preferences. 
“ Trees are things all people w ant." said one 
"Shrubs and flowers are important to some people but not all " 
The special appeal of very old trees or expen­ se e and tasteful plant­ ings is mentioned bv st* veral Realtors One com­ mented that in hts area trees free people from having to buy air condi­ tioning Several Realtors added that trees and shrubs might be more important to a buyer than flow ers because of the additional time it takes to grow them. 
A philosophical Realtor concluded. "E v e ry buyer has a mental picture of a dream house, whether he realizes it or not 
A w inding d rive, a nice law n with shrubs. flowers and trees It’s a storybook type of thing — and they don't even rea­ lize it " 
OAMlifiD MSPLAY 

Solar energy homes need not be architec­ tural monstrosities. This home, financed by 
G rea t Valley Savings of Reading, Pa., uses a solar furnace to provide from x/i to % of the home's heating needs. The system provides both heat collection and heat 

 storage functions in a small, lean-to struc­ ture at the rear of the house. Hot w ater also is provided by the solar system. The home sells for about $ 4 5 ,o o o . 
Sundance 
Apartments placed well 

Sundance Apartments, conveniently located at 
4K13 Gardendale Dr in the v ic in ity of T u rtle 
Creek, is an adult-orient­ ed project boasting a world of amenities for its residents. 
The amenity package here includes a tennis co u rt, sw im m ing pool and game room, all for tile exclusive enjoyment of its residents and their guests. 
Wonder 
Sundance Apartments, by them selves, are a t­ tra c tive ly arran ged in groupings enhanced bv well planned plantings of shrubs and some native tret's 
Inside the contem por­ ary apartm ents is an ­ other wonder to behold 
Apartments include all the modern, most desir­ able features, such as e le c tric ranges, d ish ­ w ashers. w asher-dryer connections, central air conditioning individually controlled, ceram ic tile baths and either private patios or view -yielding balconies 
Kitchen cabinets are coordinated with the de­ cor Baths, color-coor­ 

 dinated, are equipped w ith van itie s. 
Also appreciated are the nice laundry rooms and over­ sized walk-in closets. 

E a ch apartm ent has two entrances 
T h e ir large windows are com ­ pletely draped 
Sundance Apartments comprise a planned acti­ vity community situated in a tria n g le id e a lly bounded by the thoroughfare of YVurz- bach Road. N U . Ill It) and aunt her thorough fare. 
F re d e rick sb u rg 
Road 

C lA SSirttO CMSHAY 

II 

 r f 
Be A 
Part of the 
Sun Set 

SUNDANCE'S EXECUTIVE OF THE WEEK: 
RICHARD PATZER/ A Computer System s Analyst for USA A . Richard is 32 yrs old and enjoys outdoor sports such as water-skiing, tennis and sports cars 
He is especially into good music. Chess and attractive women. 

Sundance Apartments are THE PERFECT 
HOME tor progressive adults who are seeking more than the usual Sundance features 2 and 3 Bedroom Floorplans that are ideal for Roommates The apart meets also feature one of the most un­ usual recreational packages available anywhere in San Antonio. Join the “ Sun 
Set” and live at Sundance 

%NS 

Sundance 

4615 GARDENDALE RD. 

69o-832o 

- r n * ? 

Professionally managed by... a n 
C O M P A N IE S 
J 

C LA SSIC O O'SYI a t 

Get tomorrow’s 
$65,ooo+home for $54,95o in 
Oak Hollow Estates today. 

New home costs are on the rise again. And at the rate they re going your hard earned dollar will buy less and less home as the years progress. But you can plan to hedge against that inflation by making your home investment in Oak Hollow Estates. 
Oak Hollow is a special project of Sitterle and 
Companies and is one of the best new home buys in 
San Antonio today at about $26.5o per square foot 

Marketed exclusively by Deanie Owens 
Company. Realtors. 494 6842 or 349 5115 

And features? Check these: 
Energy saving insulation systems Northeast school district 
Brick or rock fireplaces 
Spacious family rooms 
Design 
Double finished garages 
Cedar shingle roofs 
Tile baths 
Luxurious carpeting throughout 

VA & Conventional financing. 

That s a bt of home for the money. So why wait? 
Visit Oak Hollow Estates today and begin your new home investment for a more secure future. 

This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I'm Riutde Burns. And I J like to shed souk light on sour old hi m u It your home is 
> years old 
. 

 or older thane es are it \ obsolete 
That s right. 

 o h s ,,U n Be cause ai the tim e sour home was built, there 

 were* virtually no energy cfh tie ne v standards As a result many Nan Antonians arc laced with utility hills thai may -ton exceed their house paym ents’ 

Why SOV! Is The lim e To Bus. le t s look at the tact- Since you invested in your home a K u years ago tw o thin gs have hap petted fo r one. Vi*u Vt K e ll making house pay me nts tot sec etal years ca your ix/irn- has grown lo o since the cost ut pudding a new home has stead ily increased the cost «*t I ; /*(,!(. mg your home has increased 
BUT, because your old home isn t energy effluent it wastes yalliable energy A n d K lic v c it m nm httnuow Hers around the c**untr\ are aetuallv beginning to morn y w he n flu V se ll 

 their older homes Because im 

 bode w ants to buy a home w he re the v• >st of heating and cts»lmg exeeedstbe m onthly payments 

My adv lee is this VV uh the 

 money you van make bv selling your old home right now you tun i'r<*hubh in,mc the Jo n ii p«/v merit uthl molt* into a new 
H ,m e( o /’ow ct Sui er home hx/.n 
And while your house 

 payments may K a little higher the lower u tility hills should easily offset the difference The only thing you can J afford to Jo is wan m uch longer 

 mg and eahinetrv and worn! burning fireplaces Big bught 

 wile saver ‘ kitchens with 

G eneral I le a r n appliances and plenty of cjh m ct storage lu x u nous baths w ith marble vanities and lull st.-e t u b s And elegant master suites, w ith walk iii el**se is and separate dressing areas Priced from $46,1X1o lo 
$6s rxxi for additional inform a­ tion, call the area sales office see map), or your realtor Re member, the longer you wan the more you stand lo lose 

C om e See Me H om es Tinlay. 
Take alew minute s this after­ noon lo see un new Cower 
Saver homes iii Hidden forest 

 and The Great Northw est 
You ll sec handsome living areas w ith plush deep pile carrel furniture-finished ra n d 

U fc lU ’ C * 

»1 Radium San Aw»*nio 

39.ooo 

— 
_ . 
— - I 
-----111..... 
■n 
65,ooo 
I i— 

...- ■—— 
---- — 
— +--- ---- 
L___ 
■« 
---- 

54,59o 

 t- ± - + 

47,ooo 

43,ooo 

197o-1971 
1971 1972 1972 1973 1973 1974 1975-1976 1976-1977 
198o s 

‘Boom’ foreseen for housing 

Late inflation can hurt’ 

SPECIAL to THI GOLDEN T W IN S 
There's a housing boom ahead, but that and some other generally good economic news could disappear in a flurry of double-digit inflations figures by early next year, two leading economists said today. 

Currently sour economic news, ac­ cording to Kenneth .1 Thygerson and 
Dennis J. .lacobe, largely should be discontinued as "energy-related distortions" of a “basic economic well being.” 

Booming economy 

In fact, the two economists said. the overly stimulative monetary po­ licies of the last six months plus a 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
----- 

“ sharp production upturn” following recent plant closings and layoffs “ will create booming economic conditions 
VE Inch will become apparent as early as the second quarter” of 1977. 

Thygerson is chief economist and lacobe an economist for the United 
States League of Savings Associations, the principal trade association serving the $39o billion savings and loan busi­ ness “ Economic Topics” is a League newsletter p eriod ically sent to managers of member savings and loan associations. 

The housing industry will share in the 1977 boom, Thygerson and .lacobe said They predictt*d that single-family housing starts this year would surpass tummc Pitney---------------to 

1972’s record 1.3 million units, with 
“ new strength” in the multi-family s«*ctor pushing total starts to as much as 1.9 million. 

A “ plentiful” supply of mortgage money at the nation's savings and loan associations will aid the housing boom, the League economists said 

But Thygerson and Jacobe also had words of caution 

Tin* "long-term substance” ot the country’s energy supply problems will be apparent again next Winter, the economists warned, with the timing of the next energy crisis dependent upon weather during the remainder of this said. 

 rc n n » i« D & iiK £ v ------------------ o jlsm fk d d w u o 

Winter, the amount of energy used this 
Summer for cooling purposes and weather conditions next Winter. 

“ The worst aspect of the energy crunch is its inflation potential.” Thy­ gerson and Jacobe said. 

“ Stimulative monetary policies, big federal budget deficits and an econo­ mic boom all create an increasing de­ mand for goods.” the economists noted. “ But. when the inevitable en­ ergy crunch restricts the supply of goods and services, then we have a rising probability of a return to dou­ ble-digit inflation.” 

That return to double-digit inflation could come as early as the first quarter of next year. Thygerson and Jacobe 
NORTHCLIFF! entrancew ay m arks ‘new w orld ’ 

Residence of Dignity 

13522 SESAME — 4 BEDROOMS, 2 BATHS, $69,5oo 

Approximately 2 5 o o sq. ft. of luxurious living area which includes on extra large master bedroom with 2 walk-in closets, 2 bedroom s downstairs and 2 bedroom s upstairs, and plush carpeting throughout. Special features include an all-electric kitchen with M icrowave oven for convenience 
Other new homes in Blossom Hills feature 3, 4 and 5-bedroom floorplans — One and Two-Story. — $ 4 6,9o o to $78,9oo. 

H tu a r n Hills, tolling wooded loo located in an enchanting country atmosphere Juti of* San Pedro at Bittor* Rd. Perfection crafted homo* in a captivating country (cene 

P h o n e : 4 9 4 - 2 9 7 7 »•«* * 
’B L I S S O M 
S W I L L S 

Areas in comprise 
N o rthcliffe 
‘new world’ 

Nnrtheliffe and North* clitic East, two major parts of the new Stall million, single-family re­ sident ial/golf course community off N E 111 3a lust northeast of Huber- 
Ins Road (EM I IDJ), pre­ sents attractive financing terms this weekend for its new homes. 
The homes in the 
Nnrt hell fie communities have received wides­ pread attention because of their innovative, en­ ergy-saving program which features 
Snug 
Homes 
Fine features 
Hom ecraft's 
Snug 
Home Program includes gray tint solar glass win­ flow s. precision-fitted steel doors which are in­ sulated and have a refri­ gerator-type magnet ic weatherstrip, insulated full back sheathing and an all-electric air condi­ tioning and heating sys­ tem 
In addition to Home­ cra ft’s exclusive Snug 
Home 
Program , tin* 
Northcliff*1 homes have a one-year w arranty on construction and all ser­ viceable products 
Nnrtheliffe East offers th*1 new Option Program. 

C L A S S IF IE D I 

 mo 

Its hard to find a three-bedroom apartment for less than $3oo a m onth-that’s why this luxury home at $297* a month is almost 
U N B E L IE V A B L E ! 

Its decorator-coordinated interior includes exquisite carpeting, central air and heat and a modern kitchen. 
• NO CITY TAXES 
• NORTHSiDE SCHOOLS 
• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

BEDROOM J 
B1oRooM 2 

FEDDERS 

7523 Pipers Way 
$31,475 

M AGIC C H EF 

* Bdxwcl on purchase price ot S31,4 /& with no dow n paym ent, 36o equal m onthly payment*, V A financing at 8 »pu> year x u in d s o u n o m e s 

 in which buyers can pur­ chase well built, basic 
Hom ecraft houses yet have the opportunities to add optional equipment and appliances later, thus fitting their incomes and needs today and plans for tomorrow. 
N nrtheliffe, priced from $37,25o to $44,95o. offers Him'- and four-be­ droom models with a cholee of a variety of ex­ terior designs — Trad)- tional. M editerranean. 
French and the like — and four floor plans. 
Each home features a woodburning fireplace, all-brick exterior and spacious kitchen with built-in cabinets and an­ electric appliances In addition, there is a prac­ tical pantry and wa­ sher/dryer area with overhead built-in cabin­ ets adjacent to the two- car garage. Four profes­ sionally decorated m o ­ dels are open here 

Nnrtheliffe East homes are priced from $27,45o to 
$36,95o 
The basic home features an all-brick ex­ terior with a two-car garage, finished cabin­ 

 etry. boxed window seats and. in three-bedroom plans, sliding glass patio doors Tile buyer has th** option, according to needs and budgets, to add one or all of option features, such as carpet, wallpaper, over sized pa­ tio, room-finished garage and appliances — range, dishwasher, garbage dis­ poser, air conditioner or vent hood and wall ca­ binet. F'or examples, if th** homeowners did not sish to install dish­ washers at move-in. they have hook-ups for imme­ diate installation later. 
Nnrtheliffe and North­ cliff** fc’.ast ar** located in the Schertz-Cibolo-l’ni- versal City School Dis­ trict. A ll schools have bus service a short eight-minute ride away. 
Emergency services to th** entire community in­ clude police protection from the county and a volunteer service provid­ ed by th** Schertz com­ munity nearby. 
VA financing, with a $1 total move-in, and con­ ventional loans, with only 
5 per cent of the purchase price as down payment 

 and low closing cost, are available to buyers in 
Northcliff© and North- cliffe East. 
Construction on the $2 million recreational fa eility program is well un der way. 
It includes three lighted, standard play tennis courts and a professional centre court surroundedbytournament bleachers. An 18-hole gob course, swimming pool, wading pool and diving pool are to Im* included as well. Completion on the multi-story. 6.ooo-sq. ft. clubhouse is scheduled for early April to coin­ cide with play on the golf course. 

Northcliffe and North? diffe East are located 22 miles from downtown 
San Antonio via N FL HI 
35; eight from 
New 
Braunfels. Walnut Snip­ ing Center and Windsor 
Park Mall are all within a 15-nnnute drive from the communities, collec­ tively called Northcliffe. 

To reach Northcliffe, take N E. IM 35 to the 
Cibolo-Hubert us 
Road exit and follow the signs to the community. 
Prime age group for biome buyers growing fastest 

684-7o47 

SPECIA L T O THE G O L D E N T W IN S 
The nation’s primary home buying age group 
— those between 3o and 44 — is now growing faster than any other, and, to meet the resulting hous­ ing demand, mortgage lenders will have to adopt innovative ways to make home ownership possible, tin* president of the 
United States League of Savings 
Associations declares. 
“ The war baby boom of th** 194os has turned into the home buyer boom of the 197os.” said U.S. League President 
John A Hardin tn remarks to th** an­ nual convention of the Institute of F i­ nancial Education at the Palmer I Pius** in Chicago 
3o million families 

“ In the post World War ll period. while the populous generation has been growing up, the savings and loan bu­ siness has supplied home purchase funds for nearly 3o million American families and helped make almost two thirds of Am erican fam ilies home owners.” said Hardin, president of th*1 
First Federal Savings and Loan Asso­ ciation oi Hock Hill, S ( 
' Today we have lo oiler that same 
I opportunity to the new home buyers. 
“ The dream of home ownership should not be destroyed by inflation. high housing costs and the steady eva­ poration of space to build new homes. 
"W e must find new ways to make home financing affordable for young families. And we must direct more of our nation's construction resources to preserving existing housing." 
Hardin said people in the age group from 3o to 44 are, historically, the pri­ mary home buying population group 
This age group is growing faster than any other. 
“ The generation that was born dur­ ing the 194os, swelled school rooms in the 195os and crowded college cam* puses iii the 19oos is now stretching 
Illume buying demand,” said Hardin. 
He said the phenomenon of extraor­ dinary growth in this age group helps explain why housing demand has not slackened despite an overall leveling off of i s population growth 
"F rom 1975 to 198o there will have been an increase of more than 6 (mi­ llion Americans between the ages of 3o and 44,” Ii** said “ This is almost as many as the increases of all oilier adult ag** groups combined iii the same per­ iod." 
Hardin said to help meet the de­ mand prospective home owners should be given greater flexibility in mortgage financing 

 ll** cited two experiments in mort­ gage lending now under way in ( all* tornui that open new opportunities tor 

►The flexible payment, by which a young fam ily would start m aking mortgage payments of less than th** full principal and interest due each month and. later, as their income in­ creases. so would their monthly pay­ ments. 

•The variable rate mortgage ties in­ terest charged to the cost of money iii th** financial marketplace To prevent fluctuation in the amount of the home owner’s monthly payment, one varia­ ble interest rate technique would shorten — or lengthe n — the term ot the loan with each rate change, leaving the payment level intact 

Hardin pointed out that the mort­ gage instrument most commonly used today — fixed payments and interest rates, over a long term — has not c hanged since before the new genera­ tion of home buyers was born 

“ We should develop a wider range ot choices for our consumers, lh** home buyers,” said Hardin. “ Working with officials at th** federal and state levels, we can do so The statutory authority exists for much more flexibility iii the types of mortgages that can be of­ fered." 

Hardin said the savings and loan business is also actively working to revitalize urban areas, so Ilia! more existing housing is available to young families. 

“ Our cities arc a primary housing recourse tor young people We applaud the new A dm inistration's national commitment to preserve* arid restore city neighborhoods We, in the savings and loan business, are doing our part and we ar*1 ready to do more,” Hardin said 

Pamphlet 

A 18-page pamphlet, HHC - 198, explaining home heating systems is available for 25 cents from th** Better 
Heating-Cooling Council, F. () 
Box 
282. Berkeley Heights, N J (17922 
Written as a guide for prospective home-buyers, it explains the advan­ tages «if hydronic (hot water) heal, how it operates, and how it ties in with solar heating and with air condition­ ing 
Comparisons also are provided with other types of heating systems, and a table shows conversion factors for equating oil vs gas vs electricity for heating 
Also available from the Council is a 
3o-page pamphlet, “ The New Heat 
Pump,*’ BUC • 194, for 75 cents, pus- tag** included in both l ases This one explains th** operation of air • to - air heat pumps for homes, and contains tables of comparative operating costs and energy consumption, as well as diagrams showing how they work 

♦ 

S p r d 

BRIARW ICK m odels rep resen t bargains in lasting value 
Coates firm offers 7 3/t% 

Briarwick evaluated as ‘ideal’ 

N'our home is special, in its location 
That's why you should consider a new home by 
Coates Development Co. iii Meadow Wood North. 
T h is w e e k ’s fe a tu re d home is I -m ti Modesto 
Place, offered at low 7:i.j per cent VA financing 
Low payments 

This is a four-bedroom, two-bath home priced at 
$3H,55o. 
T h a t m eans monthly pac merits of on­ ly $351, based on 311-year financing at 7:L per cent with no down payment. 
Nowhere else can you rind a luxury four-bed­ room home at such a low price! rills home features an 

 extra spacious single liv­ ing area w ith exquisite carpeting and a fireplace sparklin g this center of fam ily activity. 
The master suite, also carpeted, features an en­ tire wall of closet and a p riv a te bath w ith c e ra ­ mic tile tub area. Each of the other bedrooms has p le n ty of closet space. too. 
L iv in g in 
M eadow 
Wood North is living next door to nature at its fin­ est 
M c A llis te r P a rk , a g a m e p r e s e r v e , o ffe rs hike and luke trails, pic­ nic areas and c a m p ing facilities. 
Shopping centers and c o u n try c lu b s a re ju s t five m inutes away. The 

N o rth 
E x p r e s s w a y , under construction, is a short 212 m ile. Preferred 
N o rth 
E a s t 
D is t r ic t schools serve tin* young­ sters of this community. 
You'll find other three- and four-bedroom homes in Meadow Wood North, s ta r tin g at $34,ooo. All types of f in a n c in g a re available. On VA loans, no down payment and no clo s in g costs a re required. 

New h o m es a re open d a ily u n til dusk. D riv e n orth on 
San 
P e d ro 
Avenin* to B itters Road and turn right Turn left on 
. lo n e s -M a lts b o r g c r 
Road a n d p ro ceed to 
Meadow Wood North 

The s ta m p e d e of tio m e b u y e rs that have been flo c k in g to B r i a r ­ wick. the new northeas­ tern c o m m u n ity of fine homes by Royal Crest, is no s u r p r is e to Ed R i ­ c h a rd s o n . a re a sales manager for B riarw ick 

“ B ria rw ic k is the right place at the rig h t tim e for a lot of families who really believe this is the year they've been waiting for to m a k e the move'to a new h o m e ,’ ’ Richardson said. “ B r i a r w i c k h a p ­ pens to be lik e one of those c e l e s t i a l e v e n ts that h a p p e n once iii a blue m o o n 
— w h e re e v e r y t h in g com es to ­ gether in a perfect com ­ bination th a t's hard to duplicate." 

Checklist 

Richardson pointed out that most fam ilies \is it- mg Briarvv ick are using a sort of m e n ta l checklist to come up with the fea­ tures the y 're looking for 
— and all the checkpoints are com ing up positive. 

“ They want fine homes at re a s o n a b le p ric e s , with extra amenities like m i- fine 
' he siir- f i ii cl a re 

 f ir e p la c e s and crowave ovens and q u a lity c a r p e tin g . said. “ a n d , th e y ’re prised w h e n they fe a tu r e s lik e that stan dard in p ra c tic a lly every home we sell." 

M EADO W W O O D NORTH m odel represents C oates q uality 
Area of Camelot 

Al Ray E llis o n s Ca- 

 m e in ! i i i n o r th e a s te rn 
San Antonio. Iioniebuyers a re d is c o v e r in g w hat so m e 7o,(MKI San A n to n ­ ians already know for a fact 
Ray Ellison homes re p re s e n t the p e rfe c t c o m h m a t ion of q u a lity and economy for today s homebuyer. 
In ( a m e le t. people are finding a choice selection of new h om e d es ig n s , fe a tu r in g top q u a lity const m e t ion. spacious- ness and all the exciting 
“ extra" standard in most 
Ray Ellison homes. 
Location 
To begin with. C a m e ­ lot’s location, outside city lim its , offers econom ic adv anlages from the out­ set in te rm s of no city taxes. D e s p ite the a b ­ sence of city taxes. C a ­ melot is located w ith ideal p ro x im ity to the m a g n ific e n t 
W in d s o r 
P a r k 
M a ll and m any la rg e s u p e r m a r k e ts , drug stores and specialty 

 s h o p s established iii the area. 
Another " b o n u s " a c ­ tually standard with tin* 
Camelot lifestyle is the nearness of e x c e lle n t schools which cover the whole range from grade school throu gh h ig h 

 said handy 

B ria rw 'ic k 's p rim e lo­ cation. five miles north of 
N E. L o o p fill. places it w ith in th e e x c e lle n t 
North E a s t School D i s ­ trict yet beyond the reach of city taxes, givin g fa­ m ilie s th e b e n e fits of outstanding educational programs and the ease ol lower monthly mortgage payments. 

The q u a lity built into every B ria rw ic k home is evident not only in the exterior masonry Iud a l­ so in the interior finish­ ing tou ches. T h e p ric e tag is appealing not only 

 to young fam ilies looking for their first homes but, as w ell, to m o re e s ta b ­ lished h o m e m a k e r s ready to s te p up to a more c o n t e m p o r a r y l i ­ festyle. 

B r i a r w i c k h o m e s ’ paneled dens, w ith soar­ ing c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s and brick- or stone-front fireplaces, are perfect for evening relaxation or en­ t e r t a in in g . w h ile b a c k ­ yard patios are perfect perfect for tin* barbecue weekends on the horizon. 

T h e rm o s ta tic a lly con­ trolled c e n t r a l h e a tin g and a ir c on dition ing de­ liver an energy-efficient wallop because the units are te a m e d w ith an en­ ergy package designed to cut energy consumption dram atically, whether in the heat of S lim m e r or the c o ld e s t of W in te r days. 

Included iii the energy p ac k a g e is w a ll and ce ilin g in s u la tio n that exceeds V . A / F H A s ta n ­ dards; tu rb in e roof ven­ tilator; interlocking thre­ sholds and special caulk­ ing d esigned to halt in­ filtration of outside air; and. in m o s t m o d e ls , ev (*ii d o u b le -p a n e w in ­ dows desig ned to m ake the B ria rw ic k home snug and cozy, no m a tter what the w eatherm an dictates. 

To reach the Briarw ick sales office and view the model homes which con­ tain all the features that set R o y a l C rest hom es apart, d riv e north from 
Loop 41o on Wet* 
Road past Thou- 
O a k s D r iv e and y o u w ill see the 
B ria rw ic k entrance and the Avenue of Flags. 

N E more sand soon 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED OF SPLAY 

MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 
UNLESS YOU PAY 
MUCH MORE 

A great place to raise a family. 
HIGH ON THE HILLS 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
8% Financing homes from 

*33,65o1„ *36,ooo 

MAS 

W ALT C O R N ELIU S 

OFF 828 6343 

RES 655 264o 

441J H U H M A N Hi IAI > 
AN A N T O N IO TEXA S 782 18 

Models Open I O ’Til Dark 

These 3 & 4 Bedroom Homes Include 

• Frigidaire appliances 
(dishwasher, electric range • Finished 2 car garage dining room • Walk-in closets conditioning 
(Carrier) air 

 disposal, 
► Formal 
Central heat and 
Rear 
Patio 
• Champered ceiling • Paneled den. 

T o k e 
C allaghan o ff 
Loop 
4 1 o 
W est, turn left under bridge, con ­ tinue on 
C allaghan to 
W hite 

Cloud. 

Northside Schools 
3 BIOCKS FROM CLIMENT ARY 

GOSE TO 

HOLMES HIGH and 

SUL ROSS JR. HIGH 

HOMES BY H.P. ORTS 
Sales O ffice 6 o o 6 W h ite Cloud 
O ff Callaghan Road 
684-1386 
J 
J 

 s c h o o l , v\ h ere tin' e m ­ phasis is un educational e x c e lle n c e and v a rie d extracurricular activ dies which encourage leader­ ship. social adjustm ent and initiative. 
E n e rg y -sav m g p a c k ­ age s i ii each Ray Ellison hom e a r e d esigned to save up to a t h ir d , or even m o r e , on u tility costs. T h e Ellison energy package includes ex tra wall and ceiling insula­ tion w h ic h exceeds 
\ A /F I IA standards; clou- ble-paned w indows; spe­ cial ca u lk in g aud in te r­ lo c k in g th re s h o ld s a ro u n d w in d o w s and doors; power attic venti­ lators and energy-off!* d e n t c e n tra l a ir co n d i­ tioning and heating sys­ tems. 
Quality is the keynote for Ray Ellison s diverse model selection iii Cam e­ lot. fea tu rin g attractive b ric k e x te rio rs , profes­ sional landscaping, p r i ­ vacy fencing and patios perfect for weekend bar­ becues as S p rin g a p ­ proaches 
In te rio rs are highlighted by carpeting, d e c o ra to r w a ll fab ric s . 

 all-electric kitchens with m ic r o w a v e ovens and 
W o od bu rn ing fireplaces as s ta n d a r d s i i i iqany models 
,'jJ I 

A n o t h e r very inVpctpr lam plus for homebuyers who have previously run into developers who left th e m “ h ig h and d r y " after the close of the sale is Ray Ellison's extraor­ dinary custom er serv ice o p e ra tio n , in w hich E l ­ lison representatives are fully responsive to buyer needs for a full year bil­ lowing the purchase of a new Ray Ellison home. 
M i l i t a r y c o m m u te r s will find Camelot located s q u a re ly b etw een F o rt 
Sam H ouston and R a n ­ dolph A F B and with easy access to N E . I l l 35, w in c h g iv e s a d ir e c t drive downtown and Hie pleasures of San Antonio. 
M od el homes m a y be explored In Camelot daily at 823o New World Dr. iii 
C a m e lo t 
S im p ly ta k e 
W E . N I 35 to W a lz c m 
Road, turn (‘ast on VV al* zem past VV indsor Bark 
M all and follow the signs to New World Drive. 

CLAS U FHD DC SFL A Y 

WHEN 
YOU KNOW 
WHAT 
YOU WANT 

 t h 
XL 
I * 
W I N D C R E S T m 
A P A R T M E N T S 

/M lv i 

* WAI /« W • 

Flots & Townhouses Available 

Choice of 4 Floor Plans 

Utilities Paid 

Murray Management Corporation 

Subsidiary of Murray Financial Corporation 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 9 I 977 
Page I I -D 
NAHB urges 7V2% rates 

G REAT A M E R IC A m o d e ls e x e m p lify top custom qu ality 
Great America offers top quality 

Quality built elegance* and dynamic styling add up to the personality-plus 
G reat A m erica hom es, creating so much excite­ m ent am ong home buyers in San Antonio. 
Every turn of the cor­ ridor and every room of the home surprises the visitor with refreshing and exciting features. 
Panoramic 
Enter a Great America home to the b re a th ta k ­ ing, panoramic view of a spacious living area with brick-crafted fireplaces and s o a rin g ceilin g s which m ay extend beyond second-story liv­ ing areas or indoor bal­ conies. Generous panels of glass merge the envir­ onment and the home in­ to one airy, open living concept. 
N atural utilization of sp ace by the 
G re at 
America home designers e lim in a te s the four- walled, elosed-in feeling of conventional housing. 
Instead, a Great America home may center lift* ar­ ound an enormous family living area adjacent to the breakfast nook and kitchen and with easy access to outdoor patios. pools and garden lands­ caping. 
Formal living and din­ 

 ing areas — many with built-in buffets, cabinets and glass-doored upper cabinets for display — lie to the opposite side of the kitchen, creating a com­ plete walk-through serv­ ing area perfect for home entertaining. 
T his u n stru c tu re d feeling of extended living space is found among the b edroom s and m a ste r suite, all tucked away from traffic a re a s for privacy and many with sloped ceilin g s, glass- paneled walls and indoor or outdoor balconies overlooking great views or living are as below. 
Master suite plans to ex­ amine the alternatives to the d ark and crow ded baths com mon to most hom es with se p a ra te his-n-her dressing areas, vanities and walk in clo­ sets connected by a sun­ ken tub. O ther plans combine patio and sitting areas in the master suite. 
You will find G reat 
A m erica homes in San 
A ntonio's finest c o m ­ munities. 
In the* Northwest, new 
G reat A m erica hom es a re a v a ila b le in the* co u n try sid e se ttin g of 
1’ark F o rest, off Lock* hill-Selma Hoad north of 
W urzbach Road, where hom es ran g e from 
Summerhill starts sale on Sundown 

$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo Hid­ den Creek features Great 
A m erica hom es from 
$63,ooo to $115,(KHI and is located off Vance J a c k ­ son Road north of NAV 
Loop 41o. 
Also in northw estern 
San Antonio. Forest Oaks 
E sta tes offers G reat 
A m erica hom es from 
$45,5oo to $6o,ooo. Visit the com munity by driv­ ing north on Evers Hoad off NAV. Loop 41o Great 
A m erica's newest com ­ m unity, Elm Creek, is located off Lockhill-Sel- ma Road north of Wurz­ bach Road and features new homes from $85 OOO. 
In northern San Anton­ io. new G reat A m erica homes are available in 
Thousand Oaks, a quiet community off San Pedro 
Avenue north of NAV 
Loop 41o, with hom es from $59,ooo to $75,ooo. 
Hidden Forest is nestled among the rolling hills of northern B exar County on Bitters Road off Blan­ co Road, and new Great 
America homes are avai­ lable in the community from $56,ooo lo $72,ooo. 
The Oaks in San Pedro 
Hills, with tree-covered lots overlooking dow n­ town San Antonio, fea­ tu res G reat 
A m erica hom es from $49,7oo to 
$6o,ooo Visit the co m ­ m unity north of NAS. 
Loop 41o off San Pedro 
Avenue. 
G reat A m erica sales offices a re open daily from IO a.in. until dusk. 

C l A lt m t D D IS M A Y 

SPECIAL TO THE G O LDEN TW INS 
WASHINGTON - While gen­ erally endorsing the ('arter Ad­ ministration's budget proposals for housing, the National Asso­ ciation of 
Hom e 
B u ild ers 
(NAHB) has urged Congress to extend a program that provides 
7l 2 per cent mortgage interest rates for moderate and middle- ineome home buyers. 

V andal G rav lee, vice p resid e n t- treasurer of NAHB and a home builder from Birmingham, Ala., has outlined 
NAHB’s position on a number of hous­ ing programs in testimony before the 
Senate Committee on Banking, Hous­ ing and Urban Affairs. The committee is holding hearings on housing author­ ization legislation for fiscal 1978 as well as supplem ental appropriation requests for fiscal 1977. which ends 
Sept. 3o 
Brooke-Cranston 

NAHB su p p o rts extension of the 
Brooke-Cranston program due to ex­ pire on Sept. 3o because it would pro­ tect tin* housing industry against the tight and expensive mortgage money conditions that precipitated the 1974-75 housing collapse, Gravlee said By re­ ducing interest rates to 7*2 per cent, the program also helps many first­ time buyers who have been priced out of the housing market because total housing costs, including interest rates, utility costs and property taxes as well 

 as construction and land costs, have gone up much faster than family in­ come in recent years 

The Emergency Credit Act of 1977, sponsored by Sen William Proxmire 
(I)., Wis ). chairman of the banking committee, would extend the Brooke- 
Cranston program. Gravlee noted 

But the Proxmire bill would increase also the interest rate ceiling from 71-2 per cent to the FUA rate (presently 8 per cent) and establish an income li­ mit based on 12o per cent of the median income of the area in which the pro­ perty is located. 

Gravlee urged Congress to keep the lower interest rate and the present mortgage and price ceilings instead of imposing the tighter income limits. 

Gravlee suggested also a few ad ­ ministrative and legislative changes that would stimulate construction of apartm ents for low income families under the government’s Section 8 ren­ tal assistance program. Since the pro­ gram was enacted 2G years ago, fewer than 4o,ooo Section 8 starts have been recorded. 

Gravlee urged Congress to place greater emphasis on new construction. 
“ Al a time when rental vacancy rates have dropped sharply, and there is an unquestioned need for new multi-family housing, it seems inap­ propriate to place such a heavy re ­ liance on existing housing,” he said. 

Section 8. unlike previous low in­ com e housing p ro g ra m s, provides 

 rental assistance payments to tenants rather than subsidizing mortgage in­ terest rates. Low and moderate income families pay from 15 to 25 per cent of 

 th e ir incom es for re n t, with HUD making up the difference between the tenant’s payment and the fair market rent for the unit. 

 a j u S i m e d i s m a y 
“ 

Construction up 

 in S.A. vicinity 

The FAV. Dodge Division of 
McGraw-Hill Information Sys­ tem s Co. has reported on .Jan­ uary contracts for building in the standard metropolitan area of San Antonio, co n sistin g of 
B exar, Comal and Guadalupe 

Counties. 

An authority on the construction market, the firm produces Dodge Re­ ports and Sweet’s Catalogs. 
According to George A. Christi! vice president and chief economist of 
Dodge, the first month’s construction activitv followed this pattern: 

AT WOODHULL YOU 
GET AWAY 
BY GOING HOME 

We have one bedroom flats designed to moke it easy for you to 

 live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our 

 one bedroom offers extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus a 

 separate dining room and a large walk in closet. 

You’ll enjoy the unique W oodall Lifestyle — a get away without 

 leaving home. There s lots of fresh a ir . . . quiet nights, three pools, 

 tennis court and two club houses. 

I . 
WOOD 

69o-17oo 

APARTM ENTS 

N on*residential. 
Residential 
TOTAL BUILDING 

1977 
.$87,419,ooo 
$1 1,459,ooo 
. $98,878,ooo 

1976 
.$2,917,ooo . 
.$7,928,ooo . 
.$1o,845,ooo 

% C h a n g e 
O v e r 1 o o % 
P lu s 4 5 % 
O v e r 1 o o % . 

Nun-rcsidcntial buildings include com m ercial, m anufacturing, educa­ tional. religious, administrative, re­ creational and other buildings not designed for shelter. 

‘ C lA M It n O D U M A Y 

Summerhill, the pres­ tigious North Side com ­ m u n ity of E u ro p ean - sty led patio g ard e n homes, this weekend is featuring a one-time mo­ del hom e sale of the beautiful Sundown model home. 
A perfect hideaway for a quiet evenin at home alone or to s h a re with friends for entertaining, the Sundown floor plan allow s room s to flow from one to another and to the outdoors with walls of g la ss overlooking p riv ate b alco n ies and landscaped gardens. 
Departure 

Souring ceilings, toe- deep c a rp e tin g . . cozy fireside den and built-in wet b ar m ake both e n ­ tertaining and day-to-day lift* a departure from the ordinary. 
The spacious m a ster quarters are tucked away from traffic flow upstairs for co m p lete privacy with two wulk-in closets, p riv ate d re s s in g urea with marble vanities, de­ c o ra to r bath and. of co u rse , a p riv ate b a l­ cony. 
A ntique co llecto rs, photography buffs and 
Sunday painters will love the upstairs gallery, the perfect settin g for d is ­ playing treasured keep­ sakes. 

The carefully planned co u n try k itchen co m ­ bines efficiency and beauty with island work­ ing area, abundant stor­ age and b eautifully crafted cabinetry. 
Perhaps most exciting of all, the p riv ately fenced yard area is care­ fully landscaped for na tural beauty around sun- decks and a jacuzzi pool for secluded enjoyment 
D uring this m odel home sale, the bu>er will receive a IO per cent dis­ count off the price of the hom e, plus the landscaping decks and pool at no extra cost 
T his th ree -b e d ro o m , 
2l -2 balli residence is bul one example of the qua- lit) hom es in S um m er lull, all designed with subtle luxury, unques turnable privacy aud tasteful individuality 

S u m m e rh ili’s c o m ­ m unity design includes the innovative use of a 
“ h etru rch y of tr a f f ic ” flow into and out of the co m m u n ity . 
T ra ffic moves from high-speed arteries around the com­ munity to smaller collec ­ tor streets, then to prix a- tely-ownod. landscaped coves for the exclusive use of residents. 
Summerhill, a project of 
Sierra Properties, is lo­ cated minutes away from m ajor shopping m alls, banks, s u p e rm a rk e ts , churches and preferred 
North 
E ast 
D istrict schools. To visit the community, drive north of NAV. Loop 416 on 
Blanco Road to Patricia 
D rive and follow the signs. 

CLASSIE lib WSM At" 

R esid en tial bu ild in g s include houses, apartm ents, motels, dorm i­ tories and other buildings designed for shelter. 

Rise faster 

The median value of angle-family homes rose faster than the owners’ incom e in the years between 1976 and 1975. reports a joint HUIM'en- sus Bureau report. The study says the median ialuc of single-fam ily homes rose 59 per cent to 
$27,266 in 
1974 from 
$17.16<i in 1976. In the same period, median ho­ meowner incomes rose 32 lier eent to $12,866 from 
$9,766 

 l f \ A W h«l«‘ \<*xv W a y lo L o o k Al T h in g* 

Gracious Adult Living 

I, 2, 3 Bedrooms 

S spacious floor plond 

Fireplaces 
• Security 

All-Electric Kitchens 
• All Bills Paid 

Washer-Dryer 
Connections 

Do«« Morts 2 Vt Milos On Vane# 
Jack se* 
From loop 41o -—b i t i Vance Jackson 
696-2846 

9-5:3o Weekdays 
1o-5 Saturday 
I -5 Sunday 

See and be a part o f 
Country Living in the City 

T h a l ' i 

I H e il r o o m From 

2 
Bedroom 2 B a lli fr o m 

 thePier 

An apartment complex tnat puts tour mim-lakesi right at your doorstep.! 
You ll fail sn love with! the Pier at first sight -— built around a | breeze swept, I landscaped plaza thatj makes the whole community seem like) country living in the city.! 

Jacuzzi Pool, Sun 
Decks,Landscaping 
For $oo,ooooo. 

Sounds incredible, doesn’t it? The Sundown model home i i i San A n ton io’s most prestigious neighborhood is being offered in a one-tim e model home sale. Not only w ill the buyer receive 1o% off the price of the hom e, hut the jacuzzi swimming pool, sun decks and model home landscaping .ire included at no extra cost. 
Live in this large T-hod room, hath single-tamilv patio-styled home. W ith a courtyard, walls of gl.issth.it overlook private gardens, and your own privacy- walled hack yard. 

 c< C o lo r-coordinated • furnished, unfurnished • som e with bonus room, fireplace patio or deck. C om e see it all — beautiful sw im m ing pool • party Pavillion a lush landscaping • w inding w alks and bridge* 
. and ducks. 

1946 N X Loop 41o just off Harry Wuribach 
826-2355 m Style bg Q LIFE INVESTORS: 

 the people you can live with 

Hurry out today. Sum m er­ hill Phase ( Tne is ainu >st sold out. Phase T w o is on 

 i t s vv a \ . A n d pi u e s l i k e 

 t h i s won t u m u v*uh wav again. t. all \ l nit realtor or t he ( JUN ( hipm an ( < im­ parts at M 4 
I. 

C 
X 

Page *12-D San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March 19 1977 
GARDENING 
Practices peculiar to S. A . 

 tty TKR RY WILBOURN 
COUNTY f HUNTON HOSTtCUlTUmST 
Mavins lived here in San An­ tonin for several months now, I find many things very peculiar to this area of Texas that tin* home gardener must he* familiar with. Today’s column will he devoted to discussing some of these peculiarities. 
Those of you who have listened to my discussions on lawn care know my feelings about applying soil to the top of an established lawn I feel that the potential harmful effects certainly outweigh an> benefits you think you may be receiving. This appears to have become a common practice here iii San 
Antonio, and I cannot understand why. 
Under the grass 
Certainly, we have heavy, tight soils in the area, and the addition of a sandy loam to these soils is beneficial, but it should be applied under the grass, not on top of it. that is. modify the soils adequately prior to lawn establishment lr too thick a layer is applied, the grass will be smothered. Also, there is always the possibility of bringing iii nematodes, grubworms and weeds such as Johnson grass and nutgrass. 
These weeds are extremely difficult to control, particularly in St. Augustine grass. 
I have lived in various areas of the 
South and have never encountered this practice before. There's a lot of work in spreading the soil to not receive aav significant benefits. The only situation where I would recommend applying topsoil is when soil is extremely shal­ low, that is. it would be better to apply soil prior to putting out the grass. 
I was also told by a homeowner that he was applying topsoil to decay the thatch. Applying soil will not totally decay the thatch In fact, if you have a heavy layer of thatch, and. as you ap­ ply soil, you could be causing some­ what of a hardpan from the undecayed organic matter under the applied soil 
There are much better lawn care procedures to follow that require less work and still maintain a beautiful lawn. These include applying iron sul­ fate and a complete fertilizer in the 
Spring and adequately controlling in­ sects and diseases 
Another peculiarity I have found is 

TERRY W ILBOURN 

 that St Augustine is called or referred lo as earpetgrass. Carpetgrass may In1 a colloquial term for St. Augustine, hut it is not St Augustine, f'arpetgrass is an entirely different grass, grown prim arily in the deep South, prin­ cipally Florida It is grown from seed; 
St. Augustine cannot be grown from seed. It does not even resemble St. 
Augustine It could become a problem to homeowners because carpetgrass seed is available iii the trade Don't confuse it with St Augustine. 
Another problem common to Bexar 
County is the high pl I soil Generally, we find two types of soil here a heavy black clay and caliche. Both types of soil have a high pH, with caliche being a little higher. The term pl! refers to tin' degree of acidity or alkalinity of the soils. A pl! reading of seven in­ dicates neutral soil Soils here in tin' 
San Antonio area range from about 7.1 to eight. 
Sulfur is applied to soils to lower the pH It is a fallacy to think that one can lower the pl! of caliche soils There is lust too much parent calcium material to counteract This doesn’t mean that you can't grow plants, though Iron also should be added to the soil because iron becomes unavailable at high pH’s. Probably the best material to add is iron sulfate. The sulfur will help lower the pH, and the iron will keep the plant from becoming chloro­ tic or yellow. In heavy, deep clay soils with no caliche, it is possible to lower the pl! over a period of time. . 
Addition of gypsum, washed coarse sand and plenty of organic matter will help loosen even the heaviest of soils 
Pecan leaves and hulls, oak leaves and other acid, organic material will help the pl! problem, also. When selecting trees and shrubs, choose those that will tolerate the high pl! soil or be prepared to do a lot of soil modifica­ tion. If you choose azaleas, camellias and other acid-loving plants, you will need to totally replace the soil iii which they are to bo grown If your soils are caliche, I would not even try lo do this. 
Finally, I should mention that the walnut caterpillars are out and making their presence known These worms hatch out from eggs on the leaves, eat the foliage and move up and down in masses on the twigs and trunks. 
Spraying the worms with Sev iii or dia/inon will kill them. If they are feeding, you can spray the leaves with 
Bacillus thuringiensis. 
ClASSIfllD DISPLAY 
CLAS,HHD DISPLAY 
CIASSIPHO DISPLAY 

Why are so many saying those 
(Wonderful 
Things about 

Because they've discovered apartment living at its hest! A genuine friendliness among neighbors and the privacy each apartment affords. More windows to enhance bright interiors, the luxury of garden patios, and professional management that cares. 
The Gill Company invites you to see and hear for yourself the 
Wonderful Tilings Moonpoint has to offer you. 

4515 Gardendale 

'and' 

^6911o44 

 fel^]tarth Mortgage on home said ‘conventional’ 
Gardeners’ Q u e s t i o n s - Answers 

Bv TKR RY W ILBO URN 
CO U N T Y EXTFNSIO N HOBTICUI TURIST 
Being new to San Antonio, I would like to know if there are any flower shows in the area this Spring 

You're in luck. There is 

 the annual Spring Flower 
Show being conducted today and tomorrow, 
March 19 and 2o, at the 
San 
Antonio 
Garden 

(enter. 33IO N. New 

Braunfels Ave. The times are 2 to ti p.m. today; IO a rn. to 6 p.m. tomorrow. 
It is a beautiful event that Is open to the public. 
I believe admission is $1. 
Hope you enjoy it. 

I have a pecan tree I would like to transplant. Is it too late? 

All trees and shrubs 

 should be transplanted when they are dormant, for example in January or February. The plant 

 needs time to partially re-establish its root sys­ tem before it leafs out. I would wait until next year. 

How should I prune an extremely tall and leggy nandina plant? 

Prune back about a 

 third of the tallest stems to 12 to 18 inches from the ground. New growth will develop here. Next year, 

 and subsequent years, do the same thing. Pruning this way will keep it full and prevent it from hemming spindly. 

Questions on various aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, as well as landscaping, can be answered in this column. Please address any correspondence to the columnist himself and not to this newspaper. Correct mailing address is-. Down to Earth, c/o Terry Wil- bourn, County Extension Horticulturist, Texas Agricul­ tural Extension Service, 2o3 W . Nuevo St., Room 
31o, Son Antonio, TX 782o7. 
OLA ISI FUD DIS ALA Y 
ClAWlfB WWLAX ----- 

Savings associations have been the typical fa­ m ily's best source of home mortgage money even during the econo­ mically turbulent years of the early and mid-197os, the United 
States League of Savings 
Associations claims 
In fact, the League re­ ported. savjugs assoria- lions 
‘ provide more mortgage credit to more 
American families than any other type of finan­ cial intermediary." 
Booklet 
The I S League is the principal trade associa­ tion serving the $39o bil­ lion savings and loan bu­ siness 
The data are contained in a newly re­ vised booklet published by the League. It is enti­ tled ‘ W ho Helps Ameri­ can Families Buy Their 
Homes?” 
According to the book­ let. savings and loan as­ sociations had ‘ nearly 
$3oo billion" invested in residential mortgage loans at tin* beginning of 
1977 — 75 per cent of all sav ings and loan assets. 
No other lender is so committed to the home mortgage market, the 
CUiilMfi DUA LAY----- 

League said 
The commitment has been especially strong during the past two years, aording to Federal 
Reserve 
Board and 
League data. A chart in the "Who Helps” booklet indicates that savings and loan associations made approxim ately three of every four mort­ gage loans during 1975 and 197»i. 
The League publication also emphasized the 
‘ unique position" home financing institutions have in the Am erican economy. For instance, fam ilies purchasing homes normally buy new appliances, more furni­ ture, more of everything that goes into a house. 
Thus, the League said. th(> "positive effect" of each family's home pur­ chase ‘‘ripples through­ out the economy — from local shops and stores to the regional and national industries which make the goods families buy." 
Although the first sav­ ings association was created in Hit' IL S. in 
1831, the booklet empha­ sizes that Congress has encouraged land and home ownership as a na­ 

 tional policy tor nearly 
2o(1 years 

The list of supportive legislation includes a 
1785 law which permitted anyone to acquire o4o acres of unclaimed land for $1 an acre; the Ho­ mestead Act of 18o2, which did much to open the western states to settlem ent: and the 
Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933, which helped to modernize the created 

 savings and loan busi­ ness. 
Other important legis­ lation includes ho­ meowners' tax deduction of mortgage interest payments and legislation authorizing savings asso­ ciations to pay a slightly higher savings rati* than commercial banks to be certain home financing institutions can attract enough savings money to support the home mort­ gage market. 
CLASSIFHD DI SALAY 
CLAfSIFttD DI SALAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

SAN A N TO N IO • M A R C H S C H E D U L E 
W E E K E N D C L A S S E S 
2o1 Principles cf R E 
3o1 Practice of ILE 
5o1 R E Law 
D A Y T IM E 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
2o1 Principles of R E 
3o1 Practice of R E 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
E V E N IN G 
3o1 Practice of R E 

Mar. 12-13-19-2o 
Mar. 26-27-Apr. 2-3 
Mar. 26-27-Apr. 2-3 

Mar. 7-11 
Mar. I M H 
Mar. 21-25 
Mar. 28-Apr. I 

Mar. 7-22 
For free catalog call 736-2o75 
American College 

 of Real Estate. Inc. 

31o E ASHBY / SAN ANTONIO TEXAS 78712 / |S12| 736 2o7S 

 y 
F it Y o u r N e e d & f^ 

 r n 

S - A 
TUCKED AWAT 
AMONG THE IRKS 
VIT ONLY ONE 
MINUTE TROM IN IO 
ADULT I FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOO© ST ONE 

/ A V ' v , 
/3- C X Q 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
C H A N G IN G CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING “ 

© i i MIKADO, 
A V * * .., * * ... 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts. 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

Fireplaces 
Complete 
All electric ^lichens 

© 
TARA 

A N APARTM ENT H O M E 
UN FO RG ETTA BLE a s it s n a m e % 
COMVIMllMf ECH ANON ANO Urttiflfl P H O 

Q ^ w k s T O R S 

T e r r a 

411 EVERIST 

© v ‘ 
U 
B 
M 
SH w *. 

656-o188 

° EL MADRID 
APARTMENTS 

• W ash er Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

696 -284 6 
6111 Vance Jackson 

O C O U N TRY C L U B 
A PA R T M EN T S 

8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

Xii ideal liii'Uliiin 
Nev! Iii I arite I rn L 

I •ult' I n u r- e 
(I'N i- T IIIH 
Kl. Kl I airluw ii I Sri, • 

The Heritage 

Apartments 
I t different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
3 41 -22 28 

HO M ESTYLE A PA RM EN T 
LIV IN G 
451 5 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 
From SI 7o 

All Bills Paid 
I 
APARTMENTS 

1o7o7 IH IO West 
69o-ooo1 

A l t a 

TURN & UNI URN lilt Al LOR (o UPL ES 
AND S TU D E WTS 

828-533o 

NOB 
H IU 

A fe R T M B JT S 

Nob Hill Apartments off IN IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349 1217 

 tpar*m»nl Community 

I Y MONIIORf o SECURITY - GARDEN PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS (LUR ROOM 
G*M A SAUNAS 
I 2 3 SOB 
» & ? BATH 
S IR S S27S (turn Arid 
UTILITIES PO 
JO H BANDERA RD 
434 4191 l*tw««n Hitler*,* 4 Callaghan 
A lob la*, Ayortmonl Community 

SOUTH SIA 
APARTMENTS 

LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 
* 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KUHR 

7543 SOUTH SIA IAN! 
341 6251 

© Th e 
UllinI .V V 

A SO PH ISTIC A TED ADULT C O M M U 
N H Y W IT H A PO O L IN EA C H CO URT 
YARD 
HALF BLO CK O FF L O O P 4 1o 
N EA R N O RTH STAR MALL 

BAO7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 

S M I R J R U e R 
AP* ll • i i WY* 
You own ii to yourself to see our apartments 
25S4 Northeast loop 41o 
656 1222 

©FRENCH CHALET 

1 6 5 o JA C K S O N KILLER 

T M ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
COMMUNITY 
344-4616 

© 
LA PLAZA APTS. 
‘ ‘ TEN NIS W O R L D * 
! 
* NO I > 11 (IM CIUS 
• AMI,I BMO IHMIII MC HOMS 
• uflftn S m ST 
A»A#l*MNfl 
• J*OlfHlAS! kNtKJlS IU! UR VKI 
• N O O N S I M AMD CIM *, At M I , M A U A M A 
I IS N W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

ED 

© 
VV r*trln *h r Simian* 

1. 2. 3 hud ro o m an i- . 

I ..IU. til. Ill (•■ I o il '.IIH Awl ll.IM.I..I|.I. 

I I H \ii-lii. I U , . 
H2 II.IIII.'. 

© 
WVK!! 
-• V»‘l »• 
VT VK I VII NI 

 th o 

 i P i e r 

© 

C . o u n t r v \ M a g e 

X |»arln in il- 

1. 2 . 3 b ed ro o m - 
H-.tib In..., I..I (.amain- »It..-mil. | .i,tml ...Iii. 
Ire sin 8 I tdt it I U t ( iM iuirv X ill.iye tl.'H-.'iT.’ I 

NORTHEAST AREA 

 cTerrin t?laza 
I A 2 BDR. A TOWNHOUSES 
Garden apl, wilt. (lyon wed V **pt ,poi .out abounds, polio!, bakoniM. pool, walk lo »hop piny, teo*oie, p*o» 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 - 7 1 2 2 

© 
NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

Iff Steady 
Q l f ! INVESTORS 

In «■ lute,.Ai* Arm 
Hr 
T T - T - e l L * b*4t<j6Wi 
Apt, 
M a 
RC n o r vv» o,oll#bl, |uir„k»4 

 a 
Uxlurim hK) 
APARTMfNTS 
. ■ i 
C o u n try lr vim * 
* 
* in the City 
EMJ Spun*) Ii ana ti 

4 9 o 1 4 6 o 

© 

1946 N I 
U m p 41o 
(Harry Wunbach [nit) I 

N O R T H EA ST 

© 
The Aristocrat Apts. 
M odern I Bd. Apts. 

S 175 Unfurnished • $19o Furnished 
Convenient to All Southside Locations 
SSS Hutchins 
927-4141 

I© httVH JH < cJ 
AN ADULT APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
A U AMI MHU <5 e O N b u s U N I e O N E 
B lo c s I BOU St MACY s • ONE bloc*. 
I UQM SHOPPING • I URN ADDI 

I 
2 A I BDS 
S I S O i c S 2 4 X uranus paid 
33o1 TM WOODLAWN 434 9394 
A ag- lh..- ■ 
» Af AU mf 
| 

Q i r i v ' T bi n r 'n o c n 

^ p p o r t m « n l i 

* h I r-4-to - 
• Me muw>-a, Ovpaoat 
* O n , b e s e e m I n , . . 
• P e e l A I 
, 
* la, 
6 5 6 2 1 1 6 

1 164 Glee tame** (tar* ta iu*-4«%i Ell 

© 
Pork 
Village i 

X | , * r t m m i i i * 
V t 

 rn WINDSOR PARR MAU e NORTH! AVT SCHOOK e I US WISHED OR 
UHE UR NISHIO e PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVAT! PATIOS 
POOH A PERM ROOM 
EIM Rey Bee Du** 
653 -7 3 o o 

The 

C a n m a n 

1939 tie R e n ib s b u ig I R 

J I 
712-9611 ( 3 UN^IimSTORS 

: • 2o2 

C 
L A 
S 
S 
I F I E 
D 

B e t t e r L i v i n g 

S e c t i o n 

* R e a l E s t a t e 

• M o b i l e H o m e s • R e n t a ls 

IN O C X 

2o2 HflUStS OREM 
2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 
I PIO - HOUSES NORTHEAST 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 9 I 9 7 7 
Page I 3-D 

• IA I ISTA# 

?OI— Ital I'lotf Until*! 
Op*" for litsp*rti«H*. 
JIM- /repeity Out of Town 
?o6-(nn<)ommiumi • Townhouses 
7o8 - Aportments, Of pl* rn 
JIO-Xouws Unrthfott 
JI? Situ!*!—Northwest 
JI4— Huut*!- Sniith*nit 
J1A- Mott!*! - Southwest 
?H~Houi«! Bored and WrarlreH 
JJO-Xouwi for trode 
JJJ—Mmelleneous tcol turn* 
7J4--Houses, Sal* at lent 
JJA Silbtirbon Pmp*r1y_lfr, nqf 
JJJ - lesort /mperties 
73o— Ion 
JJJ-lotftt! ond I nm Iv*! 
J34 -forms Oltd lonthes Int lent 
JJA—(ontmcKial Imp* rf i Sn!* 
JJI—(omtncmal hoperty (|*o!*i 
J4o—(attwtvaniol flop*fly (Wonted) 
?4? -Indoorvol /roper! y lot Sot* 
J44—Indmtrtol Property fat I*®!* 
J44 - Muerto! /roperty Wonted 
JAI—OHite Spot* lot teat* 

JIO Oftrre Spar* Wonted 
JS?—leal (dote Sell or I ifhonqe 
754 —leol It tot* Wonted l i t —leo! Citole loan! lot*! 
JSC—leol (Mot* loon! Wonted 

M OSH E HOMES m 

3o? - Mnbrlo Homos in* loot 

MENTALS 
A 

AOI - Apartment! I limn bed 
4o?-Housekeeping Apt turn 
AOA — Apartment!, IJnltimtibed 
AOA Haul*! Olip!*i*! 
- lur cubed 
AOI—Hou!*!, Oupleie! 
—Unfurnished 
A IO—Hou!*!, lent of S*H 
Al?—loorm, I yr cubed 
AIA * loom!, Unliiinnb«d 
At A — loom! aith lonrd 
A ll —Wont to lent or Urn* 

S A N A N T O N IO 
R E A L E S T A T E S E C T IO N S 

L o o k in g fo r o n e w h o m e ? 

TODAY'S YOUR LU C K Y D A Y . * . 

High Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M eadow Wood North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones Moitsbgr of Thous. Oaks 
The G reat Northwest 
6 8 4 -1 1 23 

$38,5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebra 

»VA, 
FHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double 
Garages 
* North East or Northside Schools 

 g f f f l C o a te s D e v e lo p m e n t C o . 

C o u rte s y to B ro k e rs 

INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 

IN C O M E 

P R O P E R T IE S 
2o-24 Units 

M t . 

 l l 

Various 
I oration! 

 flotilla 
Taetm 

N E T 

C H O U P 

S I C 
STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 

824-63$) 

77o1 I r wW w q y # 1 o 4 

N E W 
E X C L U S I V E A R E A S 

• W H IS P E R IN G O A K S • C O U N T R Y S ID E 

• H U N T E R 'S C R E E K 

P R E S T IG E H O M E S 
- ' h u n t m s 

• tg flto f NM I gntf aah No m 

 r W IW 
I m M M P ts e ^ o o h $11o^o8 

 r W f , N N M O N IIW R RRPRT. UT 
Evttowi M N L MMI die Qts Amor 

 t e n 

4 * 2 1 o 6 8 • 4o4*524* • 4*2-2272 

 t r i p l e x 
C onvenient to St 
M a ry s , good com er location 
2-story 
A lw ay* rented Owner c a rry , good te rm ! 

 n e ALTO S 
API I JOO 
Century 21 

 e l a i n e l u d w i g & a s s o c 

TWO STORY COLONIAL n u c lei near Pecan Volley corner lot Brick, larg e room !, built in. central heat a ir, excellent cond! don SSS.POO 
Van Buren & Assoc 
AIA-TIT! 
ASA AAP! 
AVA SITA f und apartm ent house JJJ Pick ney. Owner w illing to toke In du plex on trade 
ASA 4211 or TSI P A ) 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y s Units, I bedroom , near Et $om, all rented SS6S income. Accurate meters SJO.OOO Or will trode up 
Stan Poole, owner agent, AOS 3221, 
494 SJH 
______________________ 

 i Y o u n g , r e s p o n s ib le in v e s to r wants to buy 2-3S older units from 
I retiring owner, P atrick 342 367 J 

7o4-PROPERTY OUT Of TOWN 
21o HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

R E A L E S T A T E 
) 
© 

OP«M 1:oo-o1 OO 
5 H O M E S 
In 
B R A U N S T A T IO N EAST! follow our sign! lo !** $ new home! on MITTON, DRAGON ond 
WATCHTOWM1 
Reunify com plefed by o top builder nil one story homes of 
1oo% masonry construction 
< hove 
3 bedrooms, I bos 4 becoom!1 
Beautiful beths ond double garages 
.. fireplaces and patios lovely wall to wall carpeting! 
Already landscaped, with tall native trees. See them all and, toke your choke d you tan choose1 from 
$48,3oo to 
SSI,/OO 
344*3o45 
G u yC M p m an O x 

RE A LTO R S 

IN B O E R N E o ld e r J bedroom home, obout I ocre, lots of ooks ond fru it tre e s 
HOS own w ell 
S1J.Soo f ir m I TSS CAJA__________ 
L Y T L E , TEXA S 
3 bedroom home. large lot, repair ond save Only *12,ooo total SAM 
W ORD. 
R E A L T O R 
1 *61 2621 
Devine 

OPEN HOUSE 

Sot. 2-6 p.m. 

N O R T H C L IF F E 

Across from golf course and country 

 dub 3 7 7, Saltillo floors, fireplace 

 ond brick $8o,ooo 
V A N BUREN ft ASSOC. 

684*7)71 6*9-oo66 654-64o8 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 
E a E c o c n io n h T T n jT la o n riT s v ^ house, central heot a ir, bullt-ins, j patio, privacy fence dose to UT 
SA Med C enter USAA EHA, VA, 
Assumption or 
Conventional. 
AW HOS 

~ B e a u t i f u l 
Beyond w ords Storybook styling 
J 3 bedroom s in small European co m p te* 
T o w e rin g root, c h im ­ neys. surround flow ered garden ond pool 
MAC R E A L E STATE 131 2521 
C o l i h l E S V IL L A G E Condomin turn, 2 bedroom s. J full bottu, ap pliances, shag carpet Eauity and assume *1»7 mo or refinance 
*24 452* 
HASKINS R E A LTY 
CON D O M IN IU M EOI) O T I " " 
Owner is desperate, wonts 52,5oo eauity tor 3 bedroom , 2 bath con d o m in iu m in 
T u r tle 
C re ek 
A s su m e b o to n e e of 
533,ooo 
(51o,ooo equity sacrificed for 
42,5oo) 
341 1)34 
ABDO 
3*2 o933 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1- BEAL ESTATE NOTICES. 

VA SALES LISTINGS 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
71775 
1573 Stondmg Rock STC 975 
A l 
R SSO 
3 7 1 

Statement required, crocked slab 
71654 
3915 Bremen 
$75,ooo 
A1 
R 85o 
3 7 1 
78o/49 
5939 fairgreen 
$22,775 
A1 
R 85o 
3-2 o 

Statement requited, ownership and operability of refrigerator ond range and oven unknown 

378846 5973 Timbertock 
St 7,475 
A1 
R 85o 
3-1 -ICB 

Statement required, ownership of storage budding unknown and ownership and operability of window mr conditioners unknown 

Sublet ta change rn price, prior sale or withdrawal at ony time without notice Offers to purchase will not be accepted where the tucket bos foiled to submit to VA 
o signed copy of VA form 76 8138 
Joint HUO VA non discrimination certification 
The best qualified atter will be accepted from those received within $ work days of the public appearance of the rn 
, thai or revised listing Soles com 
I mission en $% oi soles, payable 
I on closing 
OFFERS RECEIVED 

; 71o6o lochman 
768988 lobo 
768583 Killmgsworth 

! 7/o483 Herbelk 
OFFERS ACCEPTED 

I Disregard os af 3 17-/7 

I 373988 JAI 
NEW BUSINESS 

| 373988-Evans l9/?7/$katet 

! 3o3161 JAJ 
COOED FO* MOVERS oN IV 

WHY LIST 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o DAYS??? le t ma m o i* you ■ cosh otter I will pay very TOR 
DOLLARS for your ham * 
I and pay alt donna c o m l 
Prempi and 
* Hie tan! 
Service 
You* Money on 
Title Cheek I Rrofcer and a t­ torney leads p«*dt a a n p 349-6531 
S 
. A 
. K 
. t . 74 Hours 

INVESTORS WAITING 
TO BUY torment 
C o m p le x e s , la rg e ra n che s a nd 
T ra ile r P arks C oll n o w l! 
SANTEX CO., REALTORS 
653o46o 
N red To Sell Your Home Now? 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can au alify l Vets, don » lose your eligibility J A bedrooms, 
J baths som e w ith a ir and on pounces 
Paym ents less than rent. 
BOB DePAOLO 
344 3o91 
REALTOR 
P h 6 P i b + Y OWNERS 

4 Bedroom in Traiiwood 
7A32o Fox B rier (Lot SBA) 
N ew home on 2 ocres ot o beau titu llv wooded tro rt, lorge 28x12 term ly room , beam ed cathedral c eiling, wood burning fireplace 
2' i baths, dining oft large kitchen. c h in a c a b in e t, w alk in p a n try , fully carpeted, 5 skylights. 2 sys­ tem a ir-h e a l Open daily tor in spection in TR AILW O O D. IS m. n o rth w e s t ol W o n d e rla n d out 
IH-IO . O ther homes also available 
DOK SMITH CO 
698 22A1 
CROKER 
696244o 
•LEON VAHEY • 
By Owner, Open Sol Sun I 3o to 
A oopm (w e a th e r p e rm ittin g ) 
3-2 2, w ith new carpet and paint and lorge oaks, in prtv fenced 

LUXURY TOWNHOUSE 
3 bedroom ,s 2' ; baths, double liv­ ing a re a s wills firep lace 5 min 
Ute* from M edical Center 
NIN area 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
APO 95o2_____________ 
M A k Y M O N T A R E A Glamorous 
Tow nhouse 3 2 '? . m aster suite dow n 
I c a r g a ra g e 
826-2439, 
Jones King Realtors 

MADY MONT TOWNHOUSE 

REALTO R 
JAI Ii 
EDYTHE 6, COOPER 
A B E A U T Y 
3 2 2. den, covered patio to nice yard. fru it trees, p riva c y fence, 
Soy window breakfast Workshop 
MAC RE A L E STA TE A28 2521 
ALA M O H E IG H T S 
~ 
1 2 bedrooms I bath den. large kit i 
I chen with b re a k fa s t a re a . fully 
] carpeted 537.5oo Owner 826 3132 
ALAM O H E IG H T S SCHOOLS 
I T E R R E L L H IL L S -F IR S T OE 
F E R IN G s ta te ly ond spacious 
2 story b rick tor distinguished living Enhanced by high ceilings, handsom e m illw o rk 
4 3, a irs . 
I car g a rag e 
Living room with fireplace, form al separate dining. landscaped yard 
826 2419 
REALTO RS 
JONESeKING _ 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
FIRST OFFERING! 
C harm ing 3 bedroom home with lorge living room with fireplace and s ep arate dining room , and maids 
Quarters 
Priced to s e ll'1 ■ 11 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors N E Loop oft 

AUMO HOTS SCHOOLS 
3 bedroom. I both cottage, hard­ wood floors, covered patio 
Low 
2o s R2A o284 

STEVE HINCH 
• ALA M O HG TS S t HOOL 5 • im m e d ia te o c cu p a n c y 
A ttro c five, oil brick A 2 2 with den and e lectric k itc h e n , in aute! neigh borhood, ideal tor growing fam ily 
*48,SOO TJA 1918 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
NEAT 3 BEDROOM 

^3• 1*6-1, nice tree), stove oAd 
' refrigerator ransom, forge pen 
•try. priced to sell Mites 876 
* 7668 lAPTIVATINO 

3-7-2, fully rorpeted, golden kitchen, covered polio SUNKEN conversation 
(jim fireplace, professionally (nndsrnped Im mediate occupancy. Niter 658 
1478 

MOVE NOW 

Newly printed on o quiet cut de soc 4 7-7 has spill bedroom pion, double got* to hockyord 
Extra mte Mites 494 7191 

REAL CHARMER 

3-2-2. Valley forge home low equity, nicety ouonged. quick possession Niles 87? 9438 
PRIDE-JOY 

Another Sungote beauty 3-7 1 with fully equipped kitchen fenced yard Mony owner odded extras, mokes this one really special Mites 494 7191 
LOVE I t HERB 
3 7 7, with oyersaed fondly room, fireplace 
Good equity 
QUICK possession 
Mites 876 
7668 
LETS MAKE DEAL 

Owned by Morton Southwest 
Realty, we will rut this price ta the minimum to sell Move rn now, 3-7-7, with formal living ond dining rooms plus separate lomily room 
Privacy fenced yard Noes 824 9818 
SPACIOUS 

UNDER $45oo equity moves you into this SUPER CLEAN 3-2-7 with 
SPACE 
GALORE, huge 
(noster bedroom, tustom drones tamer lot Niles 658 1428 

REDUCED 

 for quirk - self. Almost new, im maculate, privacy feme, nice landscaping 
Oak trees ond athel extras moke this 3 2 7 a good buy Move rn Niles 656 
8718 
BEAUTY IN BRICK 

 fresh os spring 3 7 with finish ed game room OPEN living con rep! 
Master bedroom, 18x1o, 
1oo% burk Mites 658 1A78 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

 mo 
7o1S 
684 288o 
Sunlight 
(ot 
E v e rt) 

We only charge 53oo commission for selltnq homes regardless of once C H A R LE S WATTS R E A L 
E S T A T E 
7 1 2 291 8, 
732 5355. 
228 91o4 O P E N 24 Hours a Day, J 
Days a Week 
R E N TA L MANAGEMENTS 
• Have our orofessionat staff hon 
I rile you rental property Call for 
I details today 
I 534 8826 
Nile* 494-14o4 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D REALTORS 

WEIL BUY YOUR HOME 
For cosh Fast Service Will trode 
BOB DePAOLO 
JAS 3o91 
REALTO R 

 w e r e A l l i i i D A U T I 
Sold 9o% Of our listings in last 2 w e e k s 
W e 'r e d e s o e ra te fo r m ore w ill m oke TOU a deal you c o n t refuser 
Coll today tor consultation 
B R IG H A M R E A LTY 671 14o1 
W H Y PAY R E N T ’ Own your own hom e. no down paym ent to on yone1 Paym ents less than rent 
L io v d M o n tg o m e n ^ ^ ^ f £ £ # 2 i 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

4336 M I L L S T E A D 
O P E N I S S A T U R D A Y 
4 b d rm * with 2 living areas Ex cedent condition 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
_________ R EALTO RS__________ 

NEAR MEDICAL COMPLEX 
2 story, 3 2' ?2, 8o'« brick, I veor o ld . s u n k e n p a tio , b a lc o n ie s. p rice d below m arket. Open 2—A 
S aturday and Sunday 4918 NEW 
C O M E 
Tom 
Schofter 
Reotty 
664-3335 
O PE N EoUsfe J i T W --------- 
1o3 E M A N D A L A Y Olmos Park 
A la m o Hgts schools 4 or 5 be droom , SAH OOO 826 3o21 
O P E N E O U S E J IO 4pm , 7o11 
G L E N N NO O K. 4 2 1, new point. 
V ery Clean 824 ot4 

FIRST OFFERING 
Super luxu ry, from the huge My mg a re a w ith fireplace and wet bor and tw o story ceilings with balcony overlooking living room to the deluxe kitchen with every m odern convenience and newest c u s to m w in d o w tr e a tm e n ts throughout There are 3 huge be brooms and 2' r baths plus many m ore extras 

838-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors NE Loop ofc 
O w ner, sale • leoseriow nhouse. 
3-2’ i-2 , fir e p la c e , im m a c u la te 
575oo assum e. 
545o lease 
AQQ 1573__________________________ 

S E N E C A ESTA TES 

3 bedroom , 2' ? both, luxury 2 
Story Tow nhouse. 2 cor fin 
• s h ed g a r a g e 
*4 o,5 oo . 
AM o711, 48 4 8 311, 344 4 397 

TERRIFIC BARGAIN 
T h is lo v e ly lik e new hom e is p r ic e d c o n tld e r a b le y belo w s im ilo r m o d e ls in c lu d e d o re or o ft v d r a p e s o n d e n jo y a b le greenhouse Call obout l f * excel­ lent features 
*55 OOO 
Nile*. 
ASS 2437 
828 8241 
DON JO H N S O N .R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
7123 Thrush View In No I . 
12' t-2. Condo, pool, tennis. Upper 
54o *. 828 41o4 No Agents 

P* h* 
N in , 

V - 
L r rn* * 
• BX • BWA im rlOUfS 

•A Best Deal For E q u ity * 
Cash in lull I Poy! I buy hom es only 
Any condition or oreo 
Big e q u ity OK 
I pay e v e r y th in g ! 
I B ro k e r and A tto rn e y s le a d s paid) Call 74 hours 433 1295 Ask tor Adolph 828 48)7 Niles_________ 
Attention! Before you buy or sell ring Bidi We buy eauii.es Cosh 
BELL REALTORS 222-9495 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L et us m ake a CASM o ffe r fa r your home or equity Call now ' 
The 
Home 
Mort 
655 12o1 

CASH for HO M ES 
W I Buy HOMES and E Q U IT IE S 
Honest. E fficient, and F o il S e r­ vice 
We pay all Closing C o st* 
Coil Tony or Bernice, 341 6)34 
SPE CIA, REALTO RS 

OPEN HOUSE 
NOON TO DUSK 
Com* sh out untie hirable pruts 

 ot new homes 
3633 CHUK WOOD in W o o d s o n ® 

Facts rang* from $79,9oo and up IhiM ond four bedrooms, off 

Nacogdoches Id 
656-3ooo 

DIANI! 
OWENS CO. 
M AHo8$— MIS 

Perrin lotto! Oft. 

HUNTLEIGH PARK 
47 14 BELINDA LEE 
SUNDAY 3 TO 4 

You must *«e the luxurious interior of this 3 bedroom 

 home today) 

C e n tu r y 2 1 

D k U m ty » *a lty 
6 5 3 -o 5 5 o 

OPEN HOUSE i 
12 to 5, Sat.Sun 
I 2 2. Fireploce, extra lorge fam i­ ly room , cornices, drape*, carpet, in te rc o m , cent h e a t-a ir. prtv fence and patio, gas light, NE ISO, near Windsor Pork Moll. 4*19 Lo 
Lom a Old F M ll, ASA 4)85, 541 OOO 
Bv Owner 

O P E N S A T I to 5pm 
A D A M S H IL L 
9111 FIVE FORKS 
J bedroom s, 2 baths, 2 cor oarage plus den 
67 $ 285o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S S West Ole 

 o p IT J s a t u r d a y s u H d a y 

• 58o2 CARY GRANT • 
O ak Hills T e rrac e W uribach to 
M erkins lo Cary G rant On a hill crest with panoram ic V IE W Very 
I in v it in g r a m b le r , 3-2 2, den 
(24X151, FP high beamed ceiling 
S e p a ra te dining room , electric th r u o u l 
M in u te s lo 
U T S A . 
M e d ic a l C om plex, USAA, Lack la n d , K e lly 
Don I m iss th is 1 
R E A LTO R S 824 2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

O P E N S U N 2 T O 5 
121o6 Norttiledne Dr. 
In L iv e o o k V illa g e 
3 2-2. single living ared on over- sued lot 
6 61-41o6 o r 6 5 8 2o71 
CwiifY Realty 

REDWOOD DECK 
Overlooks miles of fertile valley 
This 4 bedroom , J* i bath home. ho * 2 fire p la c e* and huge game room over 2 ocres of trees, open this weekend TR AILWOOD, ih lo 
NW 

T U R T L E 
C R E E K 
V IL L A G E 
S N A Z Z Y J V o l. with left over looking tireptoced ONE L IV IN G 
A R E A 1 E q u ip p ed kitchen w ith b reakfast room Custom drapes, rich shag carpet 
E X TR A S ' 
147,toe 
M O C K IN G B IR D P O N D 
D e c o ra to r 3 2 , w ith c a rp o rt, 
T o w n h o u s e s ty le V IE W o v er pond! F o r m a l liv in g w ith fire place, separate dining, large k it­ chen, patio $43,5oo 
6 9o 98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R EA LT O R S 

W o n t to B uy J b e d ro o m ro n d o m in iu m 
N W a r e a 
NO 
A G E N TS 
Reply lo Express Box 
2842 
W O O D B R ID G E TOWNH(JJv!Ei 
In Town 
Location 
Super 
Am enities 
2)o2 Eisenhouer 
824 62o1 

2o8 APARIM ENTS DUPLEXS 

APARTMENTS 
9 Units, over I acre et land. I blk from golf course 7o*. Completed. over SIO OOO invested Best rea sortable otter burs 927 5715 
X s s O T 'E T u N J n ------------- 
SIS* month, J meters 
Carpet, panel, voeont i t show 
22/ o227 
Watson Son 
628 I2A2 
BY d w N E R 
Large I J bedroom d u p le x w ith double g a ra g e on large corner lot V ery good con 

HOUSES IWfiTHEAST 

 your old house for a new oil brick hom e 

E A S Y T O D O : 

You pick one of our new homes ond w e toke your old house in trode 
N o bother, no double p a y ­ ments. 

Coll today on how to trade in your old house on a new a ll brick hom e. 
6 5 9 -o 4 71 

D A N N Y B O Y 

 will love this cute 3 bedroom, 2 bath 

 bom* living room ond fondly room, 

 covered patio 7 cor garage with tool 

 shed Shows well, mony extros. 4 

TERRIFIC BUY at $35,ooo 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

SI M O Vf-IN VA 
CONVENTtONAl S% DOWN 
No Formant Till MUY l l 

We hove several 3 bedroom pions. 
S 27,95o-S3o,95o 
All HOMES FEATURE: 

 ic 1oo% Brick Construction 
!>* 
Handcrafted 
■ 
Wood burning Firepkxt irt* Energy 
\S Soving Fockoge ie" Cor pet i-" Central heat oir s'" 
Deluxe Mogtc Chef oil Electric 
Kitchen 
2 Cm Garage 
5 FURNISHED MODELS 
OWN 9 -9 
WOODSTONi 
CAU 
JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

• H a— K # A l l # * " M FW 

BY OWNERS 
. f r e e R e fe rrals to other homes 
For Solo Bv O w ner" 342 *393 
I Son Antonio Hom eowners Broker 
! b v owner, 4 2-2. 165o sa ft fire i place 7% VA loon, ASI 167o 
(By Owner 537,5o(1 155o sa 

TV ANS*CRR ID 

Inn equity, quirk possession, cheerful kitchen, 6 months old 
Mites 874 9B18 
COMMER LOT 

Immaculate 8 2? with fenced yard ond fireptoce in popular 
Volley forge Mites 826 9818 c tm -co zv 

Assume /% loan on this 3 I I, fully equipped kitchen, high on hill, fenced yard Extra aeon 
Niles 494 ?191 
RIO A ACK YARD 

3 2-2 bos hod much TIC Deluxe carpeting, extras gatora Assume 
6% VA (non Quick occupancy 
Niles 658 M78 
W O N ’T LAST LONO 

Assume low equity on this extra dton, 4 2 7 
Has everything 
Must see now1 Niles 494 7191 

 fire jpioce, c o rn e r lo t, p a tio cower, privacy fence, cornet, drapes 
[ASI 1743 
8 V O W NER 
[S ta rk e s t oreo 
4-2-2, on a lorge corner lot N E ISO Form al living room, dining room , large tom ily room opens to k itc h e n 
F re s h 
•paint, well m aintained M any ex liras *37,9oo 655 *745 
I BY owi&er: 2-»ToT77T Ti: Ti 
Camelot ti Living room with fire place, den with wet bor All glee trie kitchen with breakfast area 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s . L a rg e up s ta ir* m a s te r suite. C o rn e r lot with privacy fence 
Assumption with equity or refinance ASI o226 
Bv owner, U niversal City, * large 
I bedrooms, nice yard, and extras 
1*58 5473 iBv 6w ner. Valencia, im m aculate, 
4 7 2, 15oo Sa Ft , fully carpeted, separate m a ste r suite, m assive fir e p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g privacy fence, walk to elem entary school ond pool 538.9oo 653-4945 
By owner v a le n c ia , i i i . large beamed to m ily living room , fire place, eat in k itc h e n , b u ilt m s, walk to recreation , elem school 
14o.5oo ASA 163*___________ 
By o w n e r. V illa g e N o rth , I i , targe. Im m aculate, mony extras, 
5)9.4oo 655 8857_____________ i v 6 w n e r. W o o d la k e, 3-2-2 on 
Cut de sac, covered patio, fenced, low e a u ity 
A s su m e 
S2A9 payments 6*1-7658 

CAMELOT ll 
Beautiful to m ot Homa with fantod yard. 3 bedroom. J bath, ane living areal Fully equipped kitchen, .nil under warranty, low assumption price. Nits* I 
Colem an at 
8S6-A333. 
MORE EOS YOUR MONEY 
TMs 
3 bedroom. 
I both, 
I OOH brick Home In Artsilo 
Poth 
Hot control ai* ond heat, a family room to on­ lay, end the privacy fantod yard baths up to J Street borh I OHerad ot 8 27 ,oo o an 
ORIN TIRMSI Call I. Coleman 
o38-8333. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 

691-1121 6S6-S52o 
341*191 

W OODLAKE^ FINEST 
Exquisite 3 bedroom, ? bath 

 boma boded with extros Fully corpatad, covered polio, pnvocy fence ond prafessionotly kinder oped Open Yantis. 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Seoutiful 4 bedroom, 2 both home auth double oarage in 

Camelot ll Very populor single living oreo ftoorplon Completely 

 equipped kitchen ond fenced yard Open terms 
BUY VA OR FHA 

Choose your own type financing for this 3 bedroom, I ’/? both 

 home in Kirby. Separate living ond dining rooms, fully equipped 

 kitchen pius (antral oo-htot low 

7os 

KHI OEI AILS ANO VIEWING 

U U 653-o57o ANYTIME 

 bedrooms, 2 baths, living 

 coom, family room, and dining room. Completely equipped kit­ chen 133,5oo Nit#* 656-6332. 

CAMELOT ll 

Quick possession, 4 bedrooms. 
J baths, targe comer let. 2 Mw ing oreo*. fireplace in family built-ins, $41,ooo. Nitee 
655 2394 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 

. 6 3 6 * 5 5 2 o 6 9 1 - 1 I S L 

W IN D C R E S T 
Excellent Value 

556,85o purposes 
4 large bedrooms, a big cheery breakfast 
Oleo, and family room with over sued fireploce 
Established, con venient location Immoculote1 7oo sq ft of good living Buyer Fro 

 taction Mon Chic Ashby 655 o7o7, 
655 8878 

HAH REALTY 

612 ALTA 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Brick I story in choice T M I sec lion Custom built form ol tivmq room w ith fire p la c e , s e p a ra te dining room w ith built ms, 3 be brooms. I baths, spacious fam ily room with wet bor and fireplace 
All this designed around beautiful oaks M aid s Quarters, sprinkler system 8)85,ooo 826-847o frances AltaeR O'Neill 
ANXIO US TO S E LL Large 3 2 J vaulted ceilings, FP , den, carpet 
541,5oo See today 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 tit 8 pm 

 a s s u W A A L e ' 
3 bed ro o m s, fe n c ed y a rd . Ond convenient to N ortheast sehools for 5254 m onthly 
Only $3o,975 
Evenings, coll Chuck 653-8451 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 
A T T E N T IO N 
F IR S T $ h 6 w ING 
• WHITE PERFECTION* 
From the cui-de soc approach to the (e rra ta entry to the covered patio and p riv a c y fenced yard, this home is perfection 3-J, dining room 
F a m ily r o o m (F P . high beam ed c e ilin g ) plus G A M E R 
O O M 
S p r in k le r 
S y s te m 
In 
Regency 559.75o 826 2147 
Thelma B. Preissman 

• BARGAIN* 
, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, w ith den open to kitchen 
C entral air nnd heot Built in appliances, tented v o rd w ith tr e e s , n e a r n E schools Only *22,9oo 828 5*71 
S tr a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down p a ym e n t to anyone 
3 and 4 bedroom s, 2 b o ttu , some w ith a ir ond a p p lia n c e s , firs t paym ent in M ay 
BOB DePAO LO 
344 3691 
REA LTO R 
B A R G A IN ' 
Anxious O w ners* J bedroom s. 7 full both, lull kitchen, large Uvinq area. corner lot Low equity and assume Low JO S 
ASA 1734 
_RED_C ARRET 
B A R G A IN P r i c e d 3 b d rm 
2 both, patio, central heat a ir, to r 
Del 525,9o9 Call now 
IN T E R S T A T E 824 9755 Iii 8 pm 

BARGAIN VALLEY FORGE' 
B eautifully m a in tain e d 3 2, cus tom drapes stay. Buy equity o r’ 
Will trade 344 3471, n it** 34I-/A97 
BRENNER REALTORS 
I'? bath, 3 bedroom , lakes only 
83oo cash N E schools, fenced vord Ed G ilbert. 822 58o8 

NICK 

This fenced 3 1-1 is ideal for that first home fuHy equipped kitihen plus central heot ow 
Coll now Niles 494 7191 
BOMUft ROOM 

3 7 2, bonus 'tom tnt qnme mom or formol dining Fireplace and 
'edwood covered polio 
Mites 874 9818 
SHOW ANO S IU 

You ll find it hoed to resist this 
Californian with custom drapes freshly pointed modi Ona oui 
4-2-7, in ext ell of condition 
Niles 658 1478 
DAV CMI NIGHT 
*8 5 *8 4 8 
K l u r t o r i 
IsoUthlW Nl r e a l l y 

CALL 
NORTH LO O P INC , R E A LTO R S for ony Real Estate Need 
878 56)6 dam eiof n , eauifv, i l t f mn for 
3 2-2 w ith f ir e p la c e , c a r p e t, covered patio, and tented 
653 5o51 

CAMELOT I By Owner 
3 2 2, lo ve ly hom e, g a rd e n k it chen, skylight m oster bedroom , covered patio, sprinkler system, fenced big tot 7% loan 8239 mo 
Coll ASS 4413 No agents 

CAMELOT ll 
I BELOW M A RK E T P R IC E th e 
Idrooms. 2 both*, separate living room and fam ily room I co r gar 
: age. privacy fenced Assume 7% 
I VA loan 
Reese Henry 
R e a l t o r 
653-3 584 
A n y t i m e to m e io f ll 
4 J I, N E schools, eauity 
836oo. pmts 
8239mo 
I 656 o494 
C A M f T b r T ' W a lV to 'w .n d s o r 
.M a ll C h a rm in g c a rp e te d 3 be jdroom , t ' j bath hom e 
Country k itc h e n , c e n tr a l h e o t a n d a ir 
I Clean as a whistle Nothmq to do 
■but move in 
826.9oo 
824 o121 
! a n y t im e 

WILSHIRE FST ATIS lovely 2 story 4-7 7 home Brand new roof and new point inside and out lots of trees in big yard 
53o,95o Open terms. Coll 878 
5/o4 
CLEAR SPRINGS 
Wood trim 3 bedroom heme nail to Borage Fork, perfect for young families, central oir, range. dishwasher nnd fenced yard 
_ $72,5oo (oil 878 5/o4 

SOS RODO<*$. Rf ALTOR5 
I 
HOC IUoM , . , 
I 

E xcepiionoily d e a n , by ow ner. 
V alencia. 3 2 2 
Cu de sac, fully carpeted. custom drapes 
656 25*8 

FUA OR VET BUYERS 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
F o r the young at heart Adorable, freshly pointed 3 bedroom, 2 both home, entry with brick hall, convenient location lo w price of 824,9oo 
826 o6o6 
R E A LTO R S 
824 6683 
SUE W EEM S 8 ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

RRST OFFERING 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
C o u n try m a n o r s ty le ho m e 
Elegant interior details 
F o rm o l living, dining and lib ra ry Beau 
• (fu lly In d s c a p e d o c r e w ith p o o i-a u o rte rs 
5 I*? 
U n d e r 
83oo.ooo 826 5279 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
826 8673 Anytim e 

 walk to d e ar Springs E lem entary from this J bedroom 2 bath nome 
A reolly nice d e a n hom e tor a young family Priced in 2o's 
349-3535 or 349 S in . anytim e 

GOTTA FAMILY? 
N e e d 4 large bedrooms, 
2 living orcas, lots of space cmd comfort Then you goMa see this beautify in Valencia The price is right. 
653-435o 
DEANIE 
OWfNS CO. 
RIALTO! MIS 
Wallen! Rd Ofc. 

K IR B Y AREA HOO SQ FT im m acu la te I bedroom, J ', b a th s . one lorg e living oreo w ith ra th e d ra i ceilings, all draped ond c a r p ete d 
A d d itio n a l a d io ln tn q lo t a vailab le Call now 
M arne H orton 344 2341. 653-8934 
BOB JONES. REALTO RS 
KEY GROUP 

KIRBY 
C ustom b u ilt home w ith I la rg e liv in g a re a . b e a u tifu l b u ilt in s , lu x u ry kitchen including re frig n r 
Otnr. p riv a c y fenced co rn er lot, J bedroom s, and 2 decorator b ath s 
M id J s 
826-o6o6 
REALTORS 
876 6497 
SUE WEEMS A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

A RARE FIND 

6-2-2. la rg e b drm *. 2 s to ry , n e o r elem school bu* stop to m id d le se n io r h igh s. ’ ? m ile fro m n ew o ast o ffic e site and 2 m ile s to 
W indsor P ark M oll, lo rg e p a tio . by ow ner, o pp '! only 655-2971 ___ 
LA R K S P U R , beautiful 3 7 7, o nly 
SHOO down SJH mo Don t W a it 
J B J R E A LT Y 674 8883 A n y tim e 
LARKSPUR 
V e ry c le a n 4 b e d ro o m h o m e 
F o rm a l liv in g and d in in g ro a m 
• plus fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e 
E n try foye r, p riv a c y fence 
K it 
• chon has o il b u llt-in s in c iu d m a r e f r ig e r a t o r 
C u stom d ra p e s 
N o rth e a s t schools 13o3o L A R K 
LAIR to w IO s 6584211 
RED CARPET 

LEASE. W ITH OPTION TO B U Y 
V o lle y Forge, 3 7 2. fire p la c e in liv in g room , b u ilt to k itc h e n , im m ediate possession Coll fo r m o re detoils 
494 5571 
NI TES 349-483* 

3 b e d ro o m , 2 both, fa m ily ro o m , g o m er o o m , centro) 

 h ea t o n d air A N D a h e a te d p o o l. W a lk to m iddle o n d h igh schools 
O n ly 

$ 3 7 ,o o o 
BOB MCGINNIS'. 
REALTORS “ 

 v 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

Mowed' M ust sell now ' F u lly ear peted. 3 bedroom , 1 bath, I g ara a e hom e A il c o o l *19oo e qu ity 
7"v loon, 8153 mo, 653 *773 
M U ST SEE TO A P P R E C IA T E this b ea utifu l 4 bedroom . 2 bath. d o u b le g o ro a e . S p a n ish s ty le 
O ver 2ooo sa ti Of lu x u ry Plus lots and lots of e x tro s *54 *555 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A Y N E FOGUS R E A LT Y 

•Near Brookiiollow* 
3 2 2. n e s tle d in 'm e r e o f ook tre e s huoe den. c h im n e y . 2.2oo sa it *57,ooo 
Hallmark Properties 
684 3334 __ 681-o153 
NEAR HO LLYW O O D P AR K 
4 bedroom , 2 both, den, fire p lo c e . plush c o rp e t. c o th e d ro i c e llin g , m ic ro w o v e o ven , e le c tr ic k i t ­ chen, b ig lo t 349 65o3. 826-69o3 
Martha Wortev Realtors 

• NEAR MCCULLOUGH • 
3 b e d ro o m s , I tile b oth , c o rp e t over oak floors, attached g arag e, 
2 lo rg e o ir c o n d itio n e r s , b iq fe n c e d y a rd 
'? b lo c k to b u s 
M o d e s t p r ic e 
C a ll L a w s o n 
Felder 828 5*71 
S tr o u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty 
NEAR NO RTH STAR M A L L 
J Bedroom s. 2 baths, to m ily ro o m , c e n tra l h ea t a ir 
Fenced y a rd , nice s u e room s, tw o p o lio s 
A il this for O N LY S II.SOO 
341 7227 
A nytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
C e n tu r y 21 
FAE TORS I n r k h itl U im n Q f r 
» ■ * ’w • r 
— * 

CARTER S SPECIAL 
O w ner s e llin g for o e o n u ts 
I b e ­ d ro o m , 7 b a th h o m e fe a tu r in g co un try k itc h e n , w ith range dish washer a nd d ispo sa l C onvenient to Randolph and F t Som 822,4oo 
Coll 349 1434 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A LT O R S ________ 

C L O S E IN 
Need o b ig g e r h o m e a n d la rg e y a rd w ith a lle y a c c e s s ' Y o u 'd find good va lue in this 3 b d rm , J bath hom e w ith liv in g room , lorge den ond m o rn in g ro o m 824 o171. 
Niles 655 8421 

 d ition . 532 4784 befgrg t i OS, 
* Sun o fte r J OO 
Sot 

FOR YOUR HOME OR E Q U IT Y 
W I PAY A LL CLOSING COSTS 
924 4331 
HUG HES A BRISCOE 
Cosh for your Atortkside e q u ity 
L o rry BorneberJ41 4455, 6*4 29o9 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 
696 771o 

G O V tiN M ^ W V 6 w n * d H o m e s 
F o r Sot* J, 3 and 4 b e d ro o m No down H utm ent Anyone ca n buy 
V e t o r Non V e te ra n 
W h y re n t when you ta n b u y 5 
R E D CARPET 453 6364 i u u t f b i A w n i b 
-- 
F o r Your Hume We POV a d d o * mg costs1 We also take tra d e s 

494*55/1 
615 84/4 
532 3252 
C e n tu r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A LT O R S 

You'll be am azed at the extra m oney you get with W ant 
Ads! 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 * 

A LL BRICK J bedroom I , bath 
HOME B U IL T ON YOUR LOT 
$1*.95o t i l t Gardm a oft W A ve 
SPECIA B U ILD E R S Inc 349 1491 

92o2 ATTLEBORO 
Open I —* 
By owner NE o re o , 
I 2 I. ra rtie r lot. tire p lare, ca rp et, dishw asher patio, pnvo cy fence 
453 8 
1 
8 
7 
___________________ 

C H A R TE R OAKS 
# 1 4 O neida, 3 I I, single liv in g 
By O wner 696 8538 

36o DEGREE VIEW 
ON 
Vo ACRES 
N ew 2 story rock dud cedar b u n t on o h illto p w ith I w rap a ro u n d u pper le vel decks, I extra la rg e o r dream s ooo *1 lev#! tom ily liv ­ in g d in in g , k itc h e n w ith d u m b w a ite r and m aster bedroom suite 
Located un L et 7* to F A iR O A K i 
RANCH 
I* m iles NW OI W onder rand at Stuckey » axil to ta m p e r­ er y sates uttice 
ooN SMITH CO 
A t* 266# 
BRO KER 
698 2*52 
— 
T o T r u n n o b Tick A i r * ..... 
I and a bedroom hom e* 
*44 OW to I5 t,aw 
VA EMA Ne City la it * 
H A R R IN G TO N HOME $ 
346 1*34 
654 o4*o 

CUSTO M HOME BUIE 
__________ 998-244$ 

$26,5oo to $31,9oo 

N e w 3 2 1 ' * • 3-2-2 * 
684 8 584 (m te 824 1279 A nytim e) 

W ESTW OOD VILAGE 
O p e n S a t a n d S un I T o 8 p m 
7467 TIMBERCREEK 
4 b edroom s, 2 baths, fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e 28oo so tt 
675 285o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S 5 Wast Otc 

2134 PBOFtBTY OUI OI TUWR 

BUILDER MIST SILL in N e w B ra u n fe ls . N ew B ric k 
J 2 11 2. 7ooo Sa F t , F ire p la c e . 
*43.9oo, Term s 34 7 56oo ________ 

•Central Colorado* w o o d e d . I p iu s a c re tr a c t o f f o r m e r S o u th P o rk R a n ch , SI m ile s West of Colorado SPI mgs oft 
S ta t* H w y 24 State land borders one side of tr o d , Pikes Peak No h a n o i F o re st sui rounds Ranch on th re e sides. Spectacular view of 
R o c k y M o u n ta in R a n g e , C a ll 
214 9291 to, in fo rm a tio n i'n o fg y " s a v in g hom e in M I" " s o la r h o t w a te r, e lite nerghbQt h o o d g it e x tr a s , tow u tilitie s , 
857 too By budder I 425 95o2 

DETERMINATION 
PAINT 
ELBOW 6REAS! 
A nd you h e y * yo u rse lf good ren ta t p r o p e r ty 
T h is 4 -u nit a p o d m e n ! house is located on K ings 
C o urt in T rin ity Student rental o re o 
C all 34* 143* A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 

Battle At Valley Forge 
F o m llie s w ilt be f ig h t in g o v e r these tw o pre -nw m -d hom es th a t hove lu s t been listed 3 and 4 bi. droom s, fa m ily room s, fire p la c e !, b e a u tifu lly fenced ya rd s, cnm pie id ly c a r p e te d 
C o m e m in th e runes . you w ilt tan rn love w ith yo ur conquests 
824-2391, A N Y T IM E 
Beanie Owens Co. 
A ustin H w y Ofc 

B E A d t l F U l G R I E N F lE L D 
V IL L A G E ' 4 b d r o o m . I b a th h o m e h a s t ile e n t r y , a r b e r covered p a tio and fresh p ain t in ­ side and m itt F o rm a l liv in g , dm mg ro a m s ftre p ia c e d fa m ily room 
544.5oo 
R E A LT O R S 
658 7o8/ 

BUYERS BARGAIN 
J b edroom s, 2 baths in excellent c o n d itio n 
B u ilt in p a tio kitch e n , p riv a c y fenced y a rd , c e n tra l heal and a ir V e ry convenient location 
• Q u ic k p o s s e s s io n 
S12.S8o 
347 4177. nites. 822 3917 
B IL L S O U TH E R N R E A LTO R 
B V- b w K 'fc fc' A g i N f.-g e a e -V m nT’ 
• d 7 I d e n . 3)5 T e akw oo d, new lo ot. C e n tra l o ir $29,9oo 822 3o41 
B Y O W N E R 
3 2 1 a ir n e a r school, fenced 453 9399, 698 7344 
B Y 
O W N E R . 
A la m o 
H a ts 
Schools, c o m p le te ly re d ecorated. 
SJI C o lu m e l 824 7252____________ 
I v o w n e r , 
4 2 J, a p p ro x tiOOSa F t , fire p la c e , to v patio, m ony e x tra s VA 7% loon, |47 son 
*53 5758 
By nwnera'4-J-t. b e a u tifu l, fenced, ca rp e te d , a p p lia n c e s , $24,SOO or assum e 519o m o *56 6*51 E N D e 
Bv O w ner. C am elot HI Coronado" 
3 2 2, cent H A, DW , Disp, range, re friq , m a s te r b d rm , w beam ed c e ilin g , in d ire c t lig h tin g , d re ss in a -liv in a oreo 
561,75o oh 
5pm 
654 o727 
________ 
By O w ner, J-2 2. ce ntro ! a ir heat, d is h w a s h e r, d is p o s a l, c u rta in s , 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ stove, 'ib r ic k . c o rn e r lo t 522oo C O R O N A D O 
___ e q u ity ,j assum e 
No 
Agents ow ner. 4-2-2, 22ooSa F t 

By ow ne r, l l ' ?•), cent heat a ir, fu lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n g a rd e n a re a , 7x1o s to r a g e b u ild in g , co rn er lot *58 2561 o tte r 5 week days, o n y tim e weekends________ 
By o w ne r 
12 I, c e n tra l heal a ir. appl, co rp e t, fenced, close elem , 
545oo e q u ity . S H I m o A v a il Ju ly 
653 4187 No agents 
I V O W N E A . 5*35 C U -arw oo d ^ 
AS* 3258 NE Schools. I bedroom s, 
7 both, fire p la c e , la rg e co rn er lot 
P riv a c y fe n ce , d ra p e s , s k y lig h t w in d o w s, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , re lr rn . double oven c o m p a c to r, DW, lo ts of c lo s e ts 
E n e rg y s a v in g c o n s t r u c t io n 
A s s u m e 
I ' i S 
C o n v e n tio n a l. 15,ooo e q u ify or 
542 5oo O P EN HOUSE SAT SUN 
B V o W b fe R 
C o lo nia l I sJory, 4 bedroom s. 3 baths, 2oooSa Ft ot lu x u ry liv in g , fire p la c e , in tercom , o il a m e n itie s M o vin g, S a c rific e . 
SIA,5oo 
H U O 
L orn york e 
655-3o67 
B V O W N E 'R ” 4 'i' i. - 't - . i De Jo e. 
C e n tr a l o ir , c a r p e t , te r m s 
I I I 9182 o r 874 IO U_______________ 
B y o w n e r, c u s to m b u ilt n o fiv e stone hom e. J 2 2, w ooded a re a , lu x u ry fe a tu re s e x tro s 654 7755 

BY OWNER 
O aten of oak trees su rro un d s this one of O k in d . tru ly unique home 
3-2 2 pius a sepprofe study ond a w o rksh op N o rth on San Pedro, 5 m iles fro m 41ti SS* 5oo 694 2521 
" t i D orado, 2ooo 5U 

RED CARPET 
R E A LT O R S 
CO IO R I i f * W 6 I r H 
L o rn m il 
3 -1 'i-2, 2 s to ry , s p acio u s fa m ily home, la rg e liv in g d in in g , fa m ily bios aom e ro o m w ith w et b o r, sep la u n d ry ro o m , to o l ro o m in g ar age, fe n c e d in y a rd w ith m a n y fru it ond flo w e rin g tre es 6*o 87o9 v a L A 5 1 — B” 
ooSa F t , 2 story hom e, fire p la c e , e of in k itc h e n , m ony e x tra s $55,3oo 684 6454 
C O U N T R Y F R E N C H , h ills .d e home is p la n n e d fo r p riv a c y ' Be d ro o m w in g has 3 b e d ro o m s . 2 baths (a n d s ittin g ro o m '), liv in g room 
F a m ily m o m w ith fire p lace 
562.83o 
R E A L T O R S 
4*4 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

C O U R T Y A R D F N T R Y 
I t , , droom s, 2 baths, big c o u n try k it m en 
V A F H A 
531 9oo 
N iles 
653 6116 

RE A LT O R S -Lockhill S elm a Ofc 
' F iji At fi'M fe At o p s a l e ------- 
COUNTRY SIDE 
E X E C U TIV E T R A N S F E R R E D 
N e a r ly n ew s p lit le v e l. 
4 hedroom s, 2’ ? b a th s , b e a u tifu lly decorated, separate d in in g , huge den with c o rn e r fire p la c e , custom drapes 341 72o1, n ite s 344 9*5* 
Ask tor C H R IS T IN E E M E R S O N 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
F IV E W tN U V g i fro m IM 35 you can have a c o u n try hom e on ap prox '» of an a c c e l H e ate d pool, com plete w ith spo h u n d re d s ot 
It ot decking ond a c o v e re d p atio go w ith this 4 b e d ro o m , 2 , bora h om e 
F ir e p la c e , b u ilt - in k it 
Chen 
M O R E ' 
572 9oo 
R E A LT O R S 
6S1-734! 
Guy Chipman Cu 

F LO O R to C E IL IN G , corner fire 
Diam in family a re a ' 4 bedroom. 
2 i bath home has separate dm mg room double, paneled g ar age Patio' 
$62,5oo 
R E A LT O R S 
6*6 4811 
Guy Chipman Cu 

FOR FAST title s e rv ic e w ith no u nn ece ssa ry d e la y le t A L A M O 
TITLE 
CO bandie the 
Deal 
227-8231. 
For Safe By O w ner, (b e d ro o m , 2 5*2,*oo Coll todov bath, double g a ra g e , tire p la re . 4 
IN TE R S TATE 826 o/33 til 8 pm years old 4351 B a y lis !, 655 7*1* 
MAC AR THUR I E R R AC E 
N J , Sehopts. 
Choice location, excellent schools 
4 2 2 FOR 531,93o M ill go IOO’ * VA 
3 veor old, Colonial red b ric k . 3 

W A K E F IE L D R E A LT O R S 
LIV E OAK V IL L A G E 
3 b e d ro om , I both, den, d o u b le goroae w hite b rick w ith b ig k id ney shooed sw im m ing pool O nly 
*32 OOO 
F H A , VA o r a s s u m e 
34* 45o3. 817-16o1 
Martha Worley Realtors 
L iv in g ro o m , d in in g ro o m , k i t ­ c h e n . 3 bed ro om , b o th , a ll a p- ouances, bath. garage, 16x18 den. 
12x16 c o v e re d p a tio , c e n t r a l heat o ir, stove, re frig e ra to r, dish w a s h e r, disposal, w ith c a rp e ts , d ra pe s, la rg e fenced y a rd w ith 
1ox7 s to ra g e shed on c o n c re te stoa S45oo ond assum e / * * V A loon, $144 paym ent o r re fin a n c e o t $24,3oo W alking d is ta n c e to elem entary school C o nvenient to 
Ft sam Randolph 653 3776 
__ 

LOW EQ U IT Y 
$144 PER MO NTH 
R e trig e ro to r. ronge, d ishw ash e r. d is p o s e r, c a rp ete d liv in g ro o m ond m aster bedroom C a lla g h a n 
Homes, 654 4848 821 1216________ 
LOW EQUITY 
V OC a n t ond ready tor o ccup an cy 
3 bedroom , I both. double g a ra g e on cal de soc Equity DM O, p ric e 
SJI 5oo. paym ents 823) 
458 3535 A n y t i m e 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
RAY T E A L , R E A LTO R S __ 
N E A R N O R T H S to r M o ll, B y o w n e r, 1 1 1 . w ith s to v o -d is h washer, 34t-5883. 
N E A R T R IN IT Y o m a g n ific e n t home on p a rk -lik e grounds w ith a lovely pool and p atio t S u p e rb ly c o n s tru c te d w ith 9' C o llin g s , 2 fire p lace s and 3 b us* bedroom s. I baths and study F o rm o l and ca ­ s u a l e n te r ta in in g ro o m s spacious kitchen w ith a il a m e n ­ ities B eautiful q u a rte rs! 
5113.o8o 
REALTO RS 
624 9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

N EAR WINDSOR P AR K 
Fully cor poled, paneled den appl in c lu d e d 
3 b e d ro o m , I ' t b o th . 
o23,988 633 2187________________ 

NEW LIS TIN G 
4 2-3, id e a l to r g ro w in g fa m ily 
C orp*-led fenced, bos sm a ll aor de ti 
N o rth e a s t schools 
E q u ity o n d a s s u m e 1192 p a y m e n ts , 
O wner w in consider second Iran 
C e n t u r y 21 
433-8131 B ill P a rk in * Rltv4SS-5224 

NF WL Y WE OS OI HER WE o *1 
This I bedroom home is lu s t toe rig h t s u e t L ry in g -d in in g ro o m 
28x12*. covered p o lio lo v e ly y a rd ' 
326.ooo 
REALTO RS 
494-77/1 
“ 
Guy Chipman Co 
R5 ACTORS Randolph Otc 
L u x u ry I ife slyle 
B ric k 4-2' > 2. fo rm a l liv in g d in in g , F P d e n 

 or FHA l l ' ) y e a r old p ro p e rty in very neat condition, NE Schools 
Q UICK O C C U P A N C Y ! Just lis t ed see q u ic k ' 
128 4343. eves 
633 *3*4 
Cornelius I Associates 
G AR DEN P A R A D IS E 
B eautifully la nd sca pe d b o rk y a rd tor those to v o rm g h o u r* ot com to r t o u td o o rs V e r y c le a n J Be­ droom With Split b e d ro o m o r ran gem eat Fin a ncin g lo su it the dis c rim in a tin g buye r B elow SJO-OOO 
N iles 63) 7417 

 bedroom s. I both*, d re s s in g ro o m o ff m a s te r suite 
27. I J f a m ily room w ith lorge fire p la c e 
H uge b re a k fa s t ro o m , m a n y lo v e ly b u ilt m s , n ic e d r a p e s , im m o c u lp te 
Q u ic k p o s s e s s io n 
*31.58o 344 8)48 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS M IS ________ 
M O K E O FF / R 
$1*4 m o 
3 be droom s, a ir, carpets, n e o r W ind sor M all May is! p aym en t 
6*6 742o S IA T E R Q LTY 484 416* 

NFM MADISON SCHOOL 
Is a v a ila b le to r your c h ild re n in th is S IJ ,OOO hom e 31/3 m o n th , gives you 3 bedroom s, I ’ ? baths, ond single ca r garoge So reason o b i* , o n d so c o m fo rta b le 
C o ll today to see1 
454-3ooo A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A LTO R S P e rrin B edel Ole 

 n e w 4 2-2, n ea r W in d s o r P o rk 
M o n 
No d ow n WA. m in d o w n 
FHA Move m n ow 1 No p a y m e n t 
IU June 
454 12)4 
RED CARPET 

C e n t u r y 21 
C e n tu r y 21 
MARIMON! 

TR ICO , R e a lto rs 34* 4491 c D o w n h i l l p a r k 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , den d ouble goroae A la m o H ats School, walk to 
N o rth 
Star 
M a ll 
349 65o3. 
494 2o4o 
Martha 
ORE A m H O M E i L ik e new J Se rtro o m , 
2 b o th w ith g a r a g e o ro te ssm n aily c o n v e rte d to beou 
M U I d e n 
F u lly c a r p e te d . 
N E I S O Sole p ric e d 523,ooo 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
*9o 699o E ves *96 18o5. 342 7712 

W orley! 
IO M I • l i t eRealtors 

IN C . R EALTO RS b u r.ie x O w ner F ,nance 
♦ hom e in r e a r ^ lg incom e 
333-18o9 R gspondek R lty 45* 3647 

E X C E L L E N T 
IN C O M E 
P R O P E R T Y 
$ u n it o p t, n e o r 
T r in ity U n iv e rs ity Good co nd i hon, to n y o ccupied 572oo ye arly incom e 653 7713 
T A N G LE W O O D R E A LT Y 
Tn v 'e $ T M iN T ? f t g ? f l T y '~ 
1 u n it a p t a tt B roadw ay, separate m o tors, p n c e o for loss thou $626o p ar u n it C all fo r defat)* IT * 4)18 
HAVIS KALTY CO 

NONE BETTER 
The lo con a a is p erfe ct, bus alm ost o f th e d o o r, s h o p p in g c a n te r I block a w a y This I story rock nu plea is ideo) to r o w o rkin g roupie 
2 bed ro om s, each a pa rtm e nt 
344 8348 

Guy Chipman Co f 

3 B edroom , |< , i i , NE Schools 
— 

 h j o W NFS! ti, J-2 2. 12*28 m a s te r bed ro om w ith 2 d r e s s in g a re a s fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , living roam fo rm a l d in in g room . corpet d ra p e s . A s s u m e o r re fin a n c e 
Conv No agents 43* 396$________ i v ow ner, 3)Ao eauity, iJ$6 m o on lo vely 
3 2 
1311 
Glen 
B re r/e 
822 3o*1 
By o w n e r 
4 S i, F ire p la c e , den a ttic fan , a ir and h ea t, e le c tric g a ro g e d o o r c a th e d ra l c a tlin g , new co m l, d ishw ash e r, $35,988 
*33 8931 i v owner," in V a U n n a ♦ J }, c m l m r heat, b e a u tifu lly la nd sca pe d , 
COV p atio , c a rp e t, 551,9oo 
I I 8 I I 
I Sender ii *5 * 7998 

 liy 'tO a k , 

EAST 's id e I.b e a i io n 
16x24 N it down payment completely re m o d e le d 2 b e d ro o m h o m e 
Looks G re a t 
341 8134 
A BD O 
>94 3219 

 e A&T T E R R I L M ILLS 
BY 
O W N E R . 
558 R a d ia n c e . c h a rm in g J I >»-I, an lo v e ly tree shaded lo t w ith m o d e rm re d k it m e n and la rg e den M id 2o s, c a ll tor a pp l 684 6o44, 63) $968 
£ A S T T E R I ETI FULLS 

HAP RESER 633 6)82 A nytim e 
GLASS, BRICX. CEDAR ' 
B ea u tifu l custom h om e in Thou sand Ooks 4 b e d ro o m s p lus bon us room , la rg e liv in g o r ig w ith passthrough fire p to c e , huge cus lo rn k itc h e n w ith 
* b o th 
A bsolutely lu x u rio u s , o v e r 24oo sq It in Thousand O aks 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
_________ *9o 95o2 
GLASS, BRICX, CEDAR 
B ea u tifu l custom n om e rn Thou sand Oaks 4 b e d ro o m s p ius bon us room, la rg e liv in g a re a w ith passthrough fire p la c e , huge cus 
•nm kitchen w itn ' , b o th Absolu 
•aly luxurious, o v e r 7*oo sa ti in 
Thousand Oaks 

 y ow ne r, 
316,ooo 
/ ' 
45* 29o1 
VA i l l I story loan 
32/9 mu 

 near R andolph, 24x12 p a tio cox 
IOO sa ft g ard e n S25 9Oo A ttn 4 
433 3/88 

BEST BDV IM VALENCIA 
3*1oo e a u ity to r th is lo rg e 4 be d ro o m . 2 b a th hom e lo c a te d on cut de soc lot 
'ib r ic k w ith wan to w a il c a rp e t Super deal, don t rat someone else gel if firs t t i * 3 m A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S P e rrin Bertel O ft 

BIG, BRIGHT. BEAUTIFUL 
E le g a n t 2 s t o r y i 5 la r g e be d ro o tn t. J baths, fa m ily fo a m ac re n te d w ith fire p la c e , c a rp e tin g lop lo catio n , e x t ellen! condition it you need tots at room , it s o hon 
CV N iles 635 7492 

G r tl f e A c n o ld c e n t u r y 21 

ON KAYTON 
Hom e p ius incom e On c o tte r tat 
I b ed ro om each lid * pius 4 room 
C a tta n * gn p ie d m o n t { III now 
174 4S1I. Ollas 6/4 6744 
Turner Realty 

T i l l 6 * TRADE* 
E q u it y in 4 u n it u p ) n o u s * 
O w ner a g e n t / f t l i f t afte r s 

MONE Y S A V E RS RE A I T / 
*36 147o ANY TIM E 

2 St OCXS OEF 41o 
I hem asm 
2 bath, 2 c a r a m o u r located un q u ie t cut de soc 
I tty m g a re a s o n d a tt c a rp e te d 
L ove ly p an eled den Assum e t i l l m onth 7“ 
F H A ioun 
858 3ooo A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S P e rrin B rite ) Die 

Bv o w ne r, a 7 2, Hying and dining a re a s , c a r p e t , p o lio c * v * r , 
(m eed. NE ISP ASS 2S27 ________ 
Bv o w ner 
Live Oak 
$ 2 2, extra la rg e room s, stone fire p lo ce rn living room , c a th e d ra l codings drapes, ca>pad workshop, beou tifu i view of R A F B 7 mi owuy, ve ry good condition 34888 equity. 
3321 3o m o 63* 471o 
B V O W N E JE 
M u st sec • E seep lie n a l 4 2-2, in C o ncu rso , U n de r 
44o,ooo C all 
63* *1o4 

I v o w n e r, no A g e n ts . 3 I lT "m 
C a m e lid 
W alk lo 3 schools and 
W indsor Pk 
M o ll 
L a rg e corner in t 
2 c o v o r o d p a tio s , a b o v e g ro u n d pool, L a rg e fen ce d g ar den W a te r so ttn e r m o n y other e x tra s 
M u s t see to a p p re c ia te 
Shown by a pp ointm e n t only ceil 
633 2 
7 
o 
5 
____________ 

 b y OWNfc ti. Oak te rra c e Estate 
1875 Sa F t . 4 2 2, I . re p la c e in fa m ily room, c a rp e t throu g ho ut, ta rg * te n te d and tre ed yard, NE 
Schools *49,888 l? i 2892 
By own#r7 TTM pius assam ! ~ii^ 
VA B ro okw o o d, I 2 2 1/88 Sa FI 
*33 *733 
I y’ o W N E r i ' T ' i - i - l . g r ls u c y fe n c e d c o rn e r lo t, N E 
School 
D is tric t 35888. assum e 414 6132 a tt A 
------------------ s T 'o w t J I l --------- --------- 
Son 
P e d ' o 
M itts 
1 1 1 , tm m ac ufo Ie. L a rg e Cut O t Sat lot 
NE I SO m any e xtra s, mill 36o 5 
494 r (Si 

 lovely c o rn e r, 3 2 2, vacant, near 
W indsor M o ll, co nve nien t Ft Som ond R andolph 834-7334 
Dme Bose, Reatinr t i Dor OOO Nice's) J J 2 
Bra vord 
C re s t flu o r p lan 654 38)1 

I x e U u t I V I W 6 m e s it e 
P r im * b u ild PU S it* fo r o m in im am 2,88o sq M hom e B eautiful soctudea re s id e n tia l a re a E ven 
'h ts , c a ll R ay 453 9*5* 
C e n t u r y 21 
O t LA N E V R E A L t ^ *53 (m b 

EXPECT TO BE ENVIED 
That s p o rt of o w ning a hom e uke m is t Im m a l I,lu te J b e d ro o m , I b oth h o m e w ith fo r m a l ro o m s , 
(a m ity ro o m w ith fire p la c e , car 
D o tin g , a n d b e a u t if u lly la n d s i apod ya rd 
348 85o 
Niles 
455 4693 

LANDMARK, REALTORS 
___________ 69o 93o2_____________ 

HAS EVERYTHING! 
HO USE B E A U T IF U L , 4-2 t I, w ith two liv in g a nd d in in g a c to s 
M a* w et b o r, f ir e p la c e , a la r m s y s te m and h u g e p a tio 
M u c h m ore M id 5o'S N ile s . 653 3853 
3*4 1o78 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

HOME BEAUTIFUL in W in d c re s t, 4 b e d ro o m , 2’ I both beam ed < p in n a in fa m ily r porn b u ilt in v a c u u m , w e t o a r and lots at Other lu x u rie s 379 9oo 
24 hr 
S ervice 
435 S ill 
R E A LTO R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
KEY GROUP 

• 4-2 IN LIVE UAH 
* 
Real p re tty 2 -sto ry, a s s u m e law paym ents tm m « d i« te possession ond w ill tra de 
34* 347), nites 
I I I 19o1 

One of the tin es! h o m e s In M o ry m o n l Heated s w im m in g pool. s p r in k le r * V *t*m d ra p e s a n d b u ilt rn 
TV 
Call to r d e ta ils s ilo OOO 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider R to ity 
484 17oo 

 m e a d o w o a k s 
Spacious Ib e d io o m on c o rn e r lot 
B a r window rn living ro o m , fa m ily m o m nos tireoiace, w in d ow seats e n d c o th e d ro i c e ilin g 
C a rp e t th ru p u t B u ilt in k itc h e n 
U tility room and doubt* fin ishe d g a ro g e 
IOO' ■ masonry 1o2 C L E A R OAK 
M id 4o s 441 k ill 
REO CARPET 
MIAOW WOOD NORTH va can t 
4 bedroom - t liv in g a re a 
I iM-piace alm ost new c o rn e r lot tented 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Easy assum ption - low eon -’ v 
•% loon 
*9o 9)4o 
342 *284 
CLINT WEH BACHE R 
M O NTE VISTA By O w ner 
O ver 
32oo sa H Of iivm g a re a in this unique 2 story Spanish S tucco and s rp a ro le guesthouse in e x c e lle n t condition Beautiful p atio g o ld e n . m o n y e x tro s 
A p p ra is e d v a lu e 
$87 8oo 734 4424 tor a ppt_______ _ 
MONTE v i s t a ~ 
C h a rm in g b ric k 2 s to r y o ld e r h o m e w ith o v e r n o n sa ft 
S o la riu m ond g re e n h o u s e to r p la n t lo v e rs 3 la rg e b e d ro o m s c a rp e te d end c o ly fire p la c e in liv in g room 394 ooo Ask to r V tr am ia t verting* 455-34/4 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y *33 o13o 

NICE and NEAT 
BY O W NER neor W indsor P a rk 
Ft Som. Rondoioh. e xce p tio n a lly welt ke pt P riv a c y fence, lo v e ly la w n 
T rees, g o rd e n 
J I, cle e ronge. dishw asher, d isposal, cur units 
EHA VA Conv or assum e 
371 5oo 
4159 V illage Glen. 453 123* 

NO DOWN To anyone, new lis t of 
G overnm ent approved fin a n c e d hom es 
J 4 b edroom s Som e a p pliances F irs t paym ent June 
222 *61 AT E R R A R E A L T Y /! M R S 
NO N E E D to sore tor that dow n paym ent while prices keep c lim b m g 
Mfg hove J and » b e d ro o m hom es w ith no down lo a nyo ne s e m i n ew , s o m * O ld. b ig a n d sm qti Con today tor deta ils 
ROSSI r e a l t y _________ 494 77ft 
NO RTH EAST FA R K 
P leasant 3 bedroom 2 b ath . hom e on com er lo! corpet, fence m a n y e xtras 
Bv ow nera 624 4941 or 
612 u n 
N O R T H !AST SCHOOLS i spacious living area, 3 2 2 Chs tom drapes, covered p atio , oooi. p riv a c y fence 335,588 
ROSSI RE A l T Y_________ 494 7781 
NORTHWOOD AREA 
S pa cio us 3 b ed ro om h om e de signed tor tom ily hying, w ith den g a m * lo o m c o v e te d p o lio and healed pool Convenient to F t Sam a n d R a n a a tp h 
U n d e r 368,888 
49o 922o nites 491 2518 
BILLY FELLOWS 
DFF BROADW AY 
I bedroom I both attached g ar vgi separate h o b b y !oom or o rt 
.Indio O wner cor ny note 514,158 ra il atte r 5pm, 826 2 » it 

C e n t u r y 21 brenner.realtors 
M O N E Y SA V E RS R E A L T Y 
45* 242o A N Y T IM E 

FASCINATING 
To w a tch th is S U P E R B L Y B U U T 
NOME lo w in g a liv e iu n d « r con ttru e tio n ) You o re in v ite d to 
8 1 o / C O U N T R Y S ID E 
O ft N a c o g d o c h e s to C o u n try 
L o n e 
3 4 o r 3 b e d ro o m s 
4 I baths 8 va* so m u ch m u ch "lo c * 
32/5 888 
O P E N I 5 D A IL Y 
A B IL L AL T E R M A N CLASSIC 
It you ore th the m a rk e t to bu,id we w o uld Po d e lig h te d to discuss this w ith you 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
223 13*8 
A N Y T IM E 
232 4*5) 

IT'S TR U E 
J u s t819 9o8 fo r th is in Hv c a rp ete d 
I b e d ro o m h o m e w ith la r g e tented yard 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 77 |I 

”1 WANTS' 
You got e m * Th is nom e WHI cure them ' 4 bedroom s, 2 p ath s and I* im m aculate c o n d itio n la t a * h r* placed living a re a tor m a l dining room covered p a tio T a tto o took) 
347 48o 342 417/, n it* * 144 s)7 l 
BIL L S O U TH E R N R E A LT O R 
KING WILHAM 
M ister lot D is tr ic t, re s to re d 1883 sinh* ( a llo y * 
D u p le * o r sin gle tg m itv 
C e n tra l a ir h e o t la rg e 
<Ofn*< im 342 IOO fir m l l / %'l<i a t i l t * 

' e r a s i n g 

Optn Monday thru friday 8 A M. to 5;3o P M. 

D EA D LIN ES : 

M p n d o y tf 'u T h u rs d a y 
5 OO P M fo r F o ilo w m r j P o y 

 frid a y I 3 o fo t S a tu rd a y 

F rid a y $ P M lo , S u n d a y 

 f r d r) V S 3 o P AA f a r M . 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

.(I C m i. 

8 A AA 

1881234o 

o1863o57 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch 19 1977 

213 H8USES NORTHEAST 

■ ‘HC'MtS Of DISTINCTION" 
In Terrell Hills we otter this 4 bedroom, 3 bath home Beautiful condition, price reduced 

"ALAM O MG TS." 
Circle Dr 
3 bedrooms, priced 
S35.7So Coll tot detoils 

"1 9 o o 1 HILLS 
3 bedrooms, I baths, lorge fomily room, lots of storage and closet space 

"NOKTHEAST ARIA * 
Charm personified in this 3-2 home, vaulted ceilings in living ond fomily room, assume loan 

WINDSOR SQUARE" 
3 bedroom, 2 decorators baths, beamed cathedral ceilings, sunken living room with fireplace, lovely lerrarro entry 

Call for information 

8 2 2 - 3 3 o 1 
V 
HARTMAN REALTORS m h h h m b m 
M 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

SAN P E D R O H ILL S 
(O A K 
H O L L O W 
E S T A T E S ) 
Handsome 1-2-2, white brick with dramatic livmq room with wood burnmq fireplace and cathedral carlino. M a ste r bedroom with dressing room Plush carpets ond draperies Brig h t gourm et Kit­ chen 82o-2419, R E A L T O R S 
JONESmKING 

I F 

SAN P E D R O H ILLS! First Otter­ ing 2 story beauty with 2 living areas and fireplace Divided be droom s All the benefits of the pre-owned (custom drapes, lovely yard ond fence) Plus the perfec­ tion of the new 
494-7451 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Years of TRUST 
San Pedro Hills, owner, 4-2 2, separate family room, 242o sg ti living area, N E schools. 494 )411 

CLEAR COUNTRY AIR 
A swimming pool for Spring and 
Summer ond a cozy fireplace for fall and Winter make this almost new 3 bedroom home a best buy Conveniently located in Eon Run You have oil the od vantages of guiet living 
653-435o 

SAN P E D R O H ILL S 
Neorlv new, spacious 3 2 2. native stone house. Quarry tile entry, tamilyroom with beamed ceiling and stone wall with fireplace and wetbar. separate living and din­ ing room, wall to wall carpeting, lorge marble top vanities in bath­ rooms. fenced backyard 548,5oo 
Assume or refinance 494 5713 or 
492 79o2 

S 
S 
W 
® 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 M O V E IN V A 

5 % DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO PAYMENT TIU MAY 7 7 

3 and 4 bedroom plans 
$ 3 o ,9 5 o to $ 44,95o. 
All homes feature ene­ rgy saving package, central heat-air, carpet and handcrafted wood burning fireplaces, del­ uxe 
M agic 
Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car goroge 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 

OPEN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
681-1111 

212 HoME8 NORTHWEST 

SELLERS: 
Coil about our Guarantee Sole 
Plan, where it we don't sell your home, we buy it 

See all our other ads on good home buys and rentals in all areas. 

Call IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 
Open 7 Days Til B P M 

Off MIDCROWN 
A must see 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, I central heat-air, fenced void, no down paym ent to anyone Coll ! 
824 4521, nites 474 o744 
Turner Realty 

• OEF NACOGDOCHES RD • ond lust north of Loop 41o Com ­ pletely redecorated interior and exterior. 3-2 2, den 
E le c tric | thruout. Lot 11o X 2oo So conven­ ient 551,5oo 824 2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

O F F SA N P E D R O 
All b rick, large lot 135x135, central heat, range, dishwasher, fireplace in family room, redwood deck 12x 2o 
Monthly payments $241, 7’« inter est assum e or C o n ve n tio n al 
54o,5oo C H A R L E S W ATTS R E A L 
EST A TE 732 2918, 732 5355 

•OPEN FOR BIDS* 
Governmenf owened home, N E school, nothing down' 
PO IN T ER R E A L E S T A T E 
4/5 149) 
Anytime 
342-7435 

OVER 19oo SIJ. FT. 
Comfortable home with sunken living room, cathedral ceilings ond fireplace 4 large bedrooms, 2 dining, Texas style den and tire 

A DO IS SA N AN TO N IO 
O w ner tra n sfe rre d . M u st sell homes Near Malls, freeways ond bus line. 1/oo sa ti. $32,7oo 
KarZekWa Realty 349-3151 

SH A D Y OAKS- Approx 2 ocres, 
4 3, huge den, fireplace, large patio com pletely rem odeled 
I 2 x i 4 sto ra g e shed. orea for horses Mid SSO s. BY O W N ER. 
494-4758________________________ 
Skyhigh Piece of Pie! 
A chormang house high on a hill in N W R anchland H ills! 3 bo droom, 2 bath house, double gar­ age Built by Flam ingo Homes 
55.5oo assumption! Call now! 
341 4491 
Niles 342 339o, 342 7SS7 
G EO R G E FLOOD, A LTO R S 
S P A N IS H A C C E N T ! 
Well planned ivy covered, 3-2 2, in 
SAN P E D R O H ILL S Form al din mg, step down family room, with stucco fireplace G R E A T K IT 
C H E N S P A C E , p a rly b a r 
A delight! 544,ooo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 
SP A N ISH B E A U T Y 
Near W indsor M oll 3-2 2 with larqe den, corner lot in excellent condition and only 539,9oo A s ­ sume Conventional 
V E R Y A T T R A C T IV E BU Y 
3-2-2 home with slnqle living area ond fireplace, country style kit­ chen and b e au tifu l p riv a c y , fenced yard, located near Wind sor Park Moll, Randolph, FI Sam 
Priced below VA appraisal Only 
534,9oo 
FO X RUN 
Large 4-2-2 with form al living. 

BULVERDE HILLS 
This spacious Contemporary home is lorded in scenic hill country beauty surrounded by trees and quiet Lofty ceilings and family room with fireplace 
CALL IT HOME 
This 3-1-1 is dean and well kept 
Easy access to 41o ond minutes from the business district. Lorge covered potio for outdoor at tivities. 
BEAUTIFUL TREE'D LOT 
Is the setting on this quiet cul- de sot for family onented 4 2-2 with fireplace and built ins, separate master bedroom with door to patio A must to see! 
494-5221 ANYTIME 

 r e d c a r p e t p i e - a I x r i e 
* 

 decorator baths, sprinkler system and intercom. Location pius!! 

828-6391 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
Rentiers N E loop ole 

OVER 2ooo so n .. tor $53,9oo!! Yolk about living ; orea 
6oo sa It in the fam ily room .... 3oo sq It in the master i bedroom 
2 fireplaces 
A N D 
MUCH M O R E ' Justlisted Be the first to see 828-6343. eves 453-9596 
Cornelius & Associates 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
Beautiful shag carpeting, separ­ ate living ond family room, 3 in I with vonity. I car gorage. brick and asb estos. A ss u m e 5154 monthly al />*•» interest. 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171______ 344 1o89 
344 7122 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
Super clean 1-2-2, fam ily room,| aas b-b-o. sprinklers, swim m ing pool Priced in mid 3o's. 
822-1552. Anytime nile 441 6349 
NORTHEAST REALTY 

O W NER H O S P IT A L IZ E D 

Must sell this 4 2 2, 17oo sa ft home A ssum e af very low equity Call 828 8I9S N o w 'Ask for Roy 

RED CARPET 

OWNER LEAVINS TOWN! 
S32oo eguity, ossum e $3oo month 
Iv payment! (You do not have to 
Qualify) Lovely Sp an ish style with 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, family room, central air-heat (all am menities) Excellent condition 
Located in Pork North, oft Perrin 
Beitel 
R oad 
N O 
A G E N T S . 
P L E A S E (O w ner A sso c ia te ) 
656-6921 4323 BqyliSS___________ 
O W N ER T R A N S F E R R E D Less lhan 2 year old home Less than 
$6,ooo to assum e I Bedroom s, formal dining, single living area 
In V A L L E Y FO R G E Established yard 
Only 
54o,9oo 
142 1211 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Years of TRUST 

READY FOR YOU 
Well priced 4 yr. old home. 3 be droom, 2 bath, open living area and close to new mall New VA or 
F HA, monthly payments less than 
$2oo 824-457) 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
Red Horse Manor, Universal City. j 
547 SOO 1-2-2. targe lot with many trees, im m aculate Open house 
Sat and Sun 12 Sam M a r 12 and ll, 19 ond 2o 458 4931___________ 
Red Horse Manor. Universal City, 
547,SOO 1-2-2, large lot with many trees, im maculate Open house 
Sat and Sun 12 5pm M a r 12 and ll, 19 and 2o 658 4931 

 ploce, excellent condition and good buy al 
552,ooo. 
Assum e 
Conventional 
T H IN K IN G OF THE F U T U R E 
Let the in co m e m ake yo u r i payments, live in one side, rent j the other M odernly priced du- j plex. off New B raunfels O nly 
526,75o VA or Conventional 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
W H IT E H E A D H O LID A Y 
341 7115__________ 
R E A L T O R S 

SPANISH STYLE 
2 story, 4 bedroom, 2' r bath, close to Woodlake Golf Course Pool and tennis courts. Close to Wind sot Pork ond Randolph A F B 
559,5oo 
658 3535 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S Rondolph Ole 
SW IM THIS S U M M E R lh a pool, bordered bv a covered patio and big, fruit trees! 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has open living areo with brick fireplace' 
511.9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo7 
Guy CHipman Co 

TERRELL HILLS 
Spacious home hidden among the 
I trees 4 bedrooms, 2 lull baths, j central heat and air. sunny 2ox3o den. built in bor, overlooking gar den 
P ric e d tor q u ick sole 
548.9oo Niles, 653 388k 
494 7711 
O SN JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
T E R R E L L H ILL S, meticulous I bedroom. 2' i both with den ond music room in a stately setting on corner lot. Over 22oo sq ft Call for appt 
H U G H ES A B R ISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 9358 
T E R R E L L H ILL S, meticulous I bedroom, 2' > bath with den and music room in a stately setting on corner lot. Over 22oo sa ti Call tor appl 
H U G H E S & BR ISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 9358 

TERRELL HILLS 
Architect s dream! Over 't acre in choice location, colonial in de 1 sign. I bedrooms, 2 baths, den, j and e le c tric kitchen, plus j quarters, living room with tire ; olace and formal dining, central j 
, neat ond air 
Priced right at 
565,ooo 
826 o4o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824 91o9 
SU E W E E M S A ASSOC 

_KEY GROUP_ 

TERRELL HILLS 
A unique family home with mony great features, 4 bedroom s. 2 baths. 23' master bedroom, large 
Saltillo lite floored den with fire­ place, 225o sa ft In the so s 
826o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824 $964 
SU E W E E M S A ASSOC 

A D A M S H IL L B y Owner 4-2-1, 
N I S O Cut de soc. All extras. 
671 5467 wkends or after 5 IO p rn 

A L A R G E R H O M E - May be the only solution if your family has outgrow n your present hom e 
W e're ottering o 3 yr old home with over 3ooo sa ft of livin g spoce (per city re co rd s) with fantastic storage areas Central location storage areas. Central location, N E schools, excellent condition 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Years of TRU ST 

All BRICK 3-2-2 
Near Medical Complex 
Wonder­ land High on o hill, all electric kitchen, paneled den, 2 tile baths, carpeted, draped, fenced yard and nice oaks, under $4o,ooo 
732-/987S T E V E M A R T IN 735 o825 
A lot for o little Spacious 4-2 2, 2 livin g areas, carpet, bulltins, more. $38,7oo Call now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
A T T E N T IO N F IR S T SHOW ING 
• CASTLE HILLS • 
Flowered, bricked arbor entry to this brick one story 4-3-2, exciting qlassed family room (FP), living, dining, breakfast room Sprinkler 1 
SVS 
N e a r the m a lls 
I f s a chormer 575,ooo 826-2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 
Attractive, well kept 3 bedroom, 2 both home in Oak Hills Terrace, near schools, churches, Medical center. U SA A . and U TSA. One owner $37,ooo Call otter 4 P M weekdays, 684-3586. 
BAC K Y A R D L O V E R S Vacant, ready to move into 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, F O R E S T O A K S BO N US! 
Organic plant bed ready for your garden 539,9oo ossum e or refin­ ance 696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

 r THf LEPRECHAUNS 

 told us you ll find your treasure in this beauty* 4 bedroom, 2 both home in Forest Oaks Saltillo tile, cathedral tellings, 
Fireplace, carpeting and many other fine ap pointments. The BUT of the week1 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R EA LT O R S 
349-1121 

BY OWNER 
IN CASTLE PARK 
Walk to Churchill Hi from this 3 bed room , 2 bath, a ll b ric k , carpeted, gorgeous trees, built-in bookcases VA or Conventional. 
Low JO'S Coll collect 1-847 2738 or 
534 5748 local____________________ 
By owner, in Churchill district. I bedroom, lorge family room with fireplace. 15 x 17 study, or 4th bedroom 541,5oo In Dream land 
Oaks 341 o925___________________ 
BY Owner, Jefferson M ann area, frame house, with fireplace. 4 2 2, on bus line, 732-4739 or 341 1869 or 
344 3813 
B Y O W N ER 
Leon Volley, N S 
Schools 3-1-1. large fenced yard, cent air- heat, carpet drapes. stove, dishwasher S3.5oo equity, pmts 5189 mo. 684-o54). 
BY OW NER. Million 5 View, from 
2 story, oil brick, Univ. O aks, 
3 2-' j-2, fireplace, Cul-De-Sac, low 
S4o's 69o 92o9 wknds Or oft 3 3o 
By ow ner, near M e d C enter, 
USAA, 1-2-2, formal living dining rooms, separate den, 
533,9oo 
69o 9278 
By 6 wner. Rolling Ridge. Assum e 
7% Loan All brick 3 2 2, covered patio, la rg e fam ily room , 
Cut De Sac, appt only 684-4476 

COME M EET 
THE OWNERf 

BEFORE YOU BUY.. .these homeowners will show their homes to you...personally! 
A 1 

VILLA G E N O RTH iiuhop, st in and jump from shopping. 
Four Fxrdrooms, largo den with fireplace and morn, all surrounded by a beautifully landscapedyard. N t lS D 

6o27 R A IN M A K ER VAiitebrlck fireplace, bcam edceil- ing greet your guests in this lovely home off Callaghan Road. 
Wot orsoftener, drapes, electric iit.andholf acre lot. 

W H ISPERING O A K S From professional landscaping to 
2.6oosq ft of luxurious living you will find this is the place to live. A lorge4 bedroom home with many amenities. 

13123 lA R K LA IR Wall to theswimminy pool andclub from th is contemporary home in popular areo. Storm windowns, electric kit., shag carpeting, intercom, areonlyafew . 

6414 N A T H A N HALE Tne family will I ive this spacious 
3 bedroom, 2 baff' home, stone fireplace with rustic wooden mantle, burglar and smote alarms, gas grill, custom drapes. 

455 LARAM IE A delightful all brief 3 bedroom , 2 bot1 home with large family roam and covered patio for family fun or entertaining friends. A yroot neighborhood • 

283o LO W O A i 
Executive has to move and leave flus lovely 5 bedroom homo inChurchill areo. C nly /months old ond the owner w ill give membership to country club. 

THE SU M M IT Over 2,ooo sq ft of living area for th,-family thai wonts Norths!de schools, large fomily loom with fire­ place anda 4 bedroom that ^.conveniently located. 

513? BRO O KFIELD Acustom dec >roted treasure l r less than anew home w o u ld e st. 4 lor ie godrooms, 2 baths, family room with fireplace, clee garage door opener. 

'212 HOMESNORTHWEST 

 r * * r 

I ti 

 s s ti ti 
S' 

 w , s 7 , a,m,ra,w,».rcs»rW.w,»,»,«,«,w , m , - w . w , * r , ta, 

EXECUTIVE 

COUNTRY ESTATES 

★ 1/3 ocr» * 4 bedroom ★ wood burning firopkxe 6 wet bor, * mony extras It quiet country hying xnth oil the city conveniences A no city taxes it one of a kind * cornel lot 
* purchase before pace in­ crease * a bargain $59,95o. 

VA financing available. 
Call tod ay 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 3 
1651 R O B R O Y 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

IRISH OR NO T 

Y O U R pot of gold is here! 
List your home with us, the 
O U T 
FRO N T 
C O M P A N Y . 
Out Front with Service. O ut 
Front with 
Performance. 
Soon will put a 
" S O L D 
S IG N " out front! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R EA LT O R S 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

» > run 
I J find 
I U * i n i 'mari 

FOR more homesto see, or to find out why money-wise y . A i r 7 
. folks prefer our method... Call 
" 4 u t u o 
M 
E 
S p r o 
MARKETINGiiHH-SERV ICE 

3 Bdrm , 2 bath, Cent air heat 
Equity toke over pmts. 674 5239 

B Y O W N E R 
3 2 2 stove dish wosher. patio cover, carpet S23So equity ossume S242mo 337-6613 
B Y O W N E R . T O W N V IE W E S 
T A T E S , 3 2 2, Cent heat air. fence, 
Assume 
7“» 
VA 
Loan 
684 1997 
BY O W N ER 
University Oaks, 3-2-2, Cathedral celling den with brick fireplace 
Brick arch way into form al din ing, utility room, drapes, patio and privacy fence 69o 8197 

Q l a n u r 
TITLE 

 o r Fast Acca nile Title 
Service 
.> Convenient Intentions 

• 
HIT 
I 
I It \ \ l~ 

N I 
I I M H * 

• -’(.HI IM I \ M 
\ I O N I i i ) 

I Ii) • T.’itf. l l l \ \ ( l l Iii I \ I) 

• T T I'* U l l i n III* k - 'l l l Ut. K H N I) 

S e r v i n g S a n A n U t n i n S i n c t ’ l * f 2 2 

W F H A V E ITI 
• New Brie Ii Homes on Aer- 
•a9« 
• Breathtaking Views 
• Wooded Sites for MtlVAC 1 
• 4 Choke North Communities 
(Including New Braunfels) 
• Low Toaes Moke easy Pur­ chase Terms 
17oo Sq. ft. Living - 7 Cur 
Gorag^Ll7.5oo 
• 26(o So Ft. Living . 
Ooroge$49,75o 
Scorch The How** M 
THIN CoM USI 

7 Cor 

 kef Over mey 
492-1672 
658-o29o 
673-14o1 

L A U R E L H E IG H T S fram e cot- i tage with fireplace in living room! 
Nice carpeting in living, dining 
! rooms Near bus, shopping 
516,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
Guy CHipman Co 

L E E HIGH SC H O O L— Just L ift­ ed* Sparkling Cleon 4 bedroom all 
{brick home. L iv in g room p lu s den, large kitchen with built ins jand lots of cabinets. F re s h ly pointed and ready for immediate occupancy Superb location in 
Castle Hills Terrace Rem arkably priced at only 545,9oo. 342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 

212 HOKES NORTHWEST 
212 - HOMES NQRTHWEST 

LOVELY STARTER 
HOME 
Beautiful 3 bdrm, I bath home with wall to wall carpeting thruout. G arden kitchen and cov'd patio. 
Ideal for young couple. 
O nly $ 2 1 ,5 o o in desirable 
Northeast area. 
CASTLE HILLS 
Alw ays wanted to move to 
Castle Hills? N ow s your chance This elegant home with all the extras is priced at $ 6 4 ,9 o o for quick sale. 
Best buy in Castle Hills. 
Call for information. 

STUNNING ARTIST S 
LOFT 
O verlooking liv. rm. with elegant vaulted fireplace. 
4 large bdrms and 2 baths. 
Hours of carefree living in this immaculate home. C o r­ ner lot. Preferred North­ east schools. $59,9oo. 

ELDORADO 
3 bdrm, 2 bath located on quiet cul-de-sac. Walk to pool, playground ond elementary school. G a ra ge could be extra game rm 
Priced to sell at $ j7 ,9 o o . 

9.o12 ACRES 
In 2 adjoining lots. O ff IH 
1o North, 1o miles from 
1 6o 4 in 
W ind w ood 
Estates. Act now on your retirement homesite. 
Lots can be separated. 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
M ake an offer on this great starter home for young family. 
3-2-1 in 
Converse. 
Assume 
77. loan with $ 1 5 8 monthly payments or refinance on open terms. A super buy! 

TO SEE IS TO BUY this comfortable 3-2-2 all brick home in Thousand 
O a ks There ore too m any desirable features to list. 
Call for details. 

QUALITY 
Begins right at the front door of this exquisite 
4 bdrm home located in San 
Pedro Hills. M any extras, built-ins. Practically new! 

CAU 824-o171 ANYTIME 

ALL BRICK 

3 - 2 - 2 

NEW HOMES INSIDE 41o 

NEAR HOLMES HI 
SCHOOL 

ON CUl-Df-UC STREET 

$ 3 o ,9 5 o . 

Fireplace, cathedral ceil­ ings, patio, established trees, deluxe built-in ap­ pliances, fully carpeted, sun-box windows, 2 com ­ plete baths, finished 
2 car garage 

OPEN 12-6 TODAY 

6118 UP WOOD 

V A or Conventional. N o closing cost. Call 

681-3o72 OR 659-142o 

 i t i t i t i t -k ★ ★ ★ 

SPRINGTIME MOVE! 
I Privacy fenced 3 bedroom home with fireplace. 2', baths, garden kitchen, drones ond wet bar go with this super deal. Seeing is believing at 148,95o Nites 735-4128 
349 4343 or 349 353$ Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blonco Rd OtC 
S U M M E R H IL L a total environ ment, as fresh as today! 4 be­ droom, 2' i both home has vaulted 
{ceilings, fireplace. Interesting decor! Living and dining rooms downstairs, studio-playroom up 
( s t a ir s . ..te rrific kitchen with walk in pantry 
$75,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7 771 
Guy CHipman Co 
5u m m T7 
Sparkling clean 1-2-2 in cut de-sac 
'location Fully carpeted. Fam ily i room with fireplace plus livmg- dining combination. $39,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n tu ry 21 
E L A IN E L U DW IG 6 ASSOC 
S U N K E N L IV IN 6 R O O M A N D 
D O U B L E F IR E P L A C E will catch your eye in this 1-2-2. Coll 434-2141 tor app t 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S ___________ 
S U N S E T H IL L S , J I. enclosed 
SEE TO BELIEVE 
Beautiful 3 2 2, extra large 1/3 * gorage, built-in kitchen, carpeted 
3. nim ili.A A U out lot Country living, with op proximately 21oo sq ft. living orea FEATURING Handcrafted woodburnmg hrepkxe plus wall to wall carpeting. Magic Chef all electric kitchen, electric garage door opener, full energy saving 4 - package with all brick con 4 struction 
4 

 mea, 434 6656 
_______________ 

SUNSHINE PARK 
N E A R W O N D E R L A N D J b e ­ droom, 2 both, central oir-heot. lots of built-ins, 1oo°. brick. Ex cedent location 515.ooo 

O AK CREEK 
16o7 COPPERFIELD Rd 
Conventional financing available with 1o% down 
Exceptional buy at only 559,95o 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 

R e a lt o rReese Henry o r 
655-3584 i nnytime 

THE SPACE PLACE 
Need a biq den? J bedroom, 2 bafti oil brick home with 2o ft den. 
Separate living and well-eauipped kitchen Double garage, fenced yard. Assum e S174 mo. 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
T H E SU M M IT . B y O W N ER 3 2 2 fireplace, drapes, carpet, large 
1 pantry, privacy fence 696-2672. 
T H E S U M M IT 
New listing' Well kept 1-2-2, split moster. Living dining - " L " , kit- 
4 th e n b u ilt-in s, paneled den 
L A N D S C A P E D C O V E R E D P A 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
B e a u tifu lly 
____________ refurbished, all brick home has 2 
B E A U T IF U L Im m aculate l l I, , w o o d b u rn m g f ir e p la c e s ' extra large corner lot in Thun- I Spacious ond spraw ling, with S derbird Village M ove in with a i bedroms, J11 baths and a com very low equity. For appointment, j 
After 5 pm, 435 7727_____________ j 
Beautiful 4 2 2 in Meadow Village I 
I. separate living, family, gamer 
oom, 23oo sa ti $5ooo equity at I 
5368 month 673 o154____________ | 

4 Bedroom. 2 Balli 
ON 7 A C R E M O U N T A IN TOP 
Fireploced fomily room, forma! j liv in g d in in g 
S p e c ta c u la r view— Only 
IS min. to 
Med 
Center! 
— S69,o o o - 
C A L L V IC K I LA N E 
341-3)54 
N IT E S 828 3691 

 pletelv re done kitchen living, dining and fomily rooms! 
5125,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 I 
Guy Chipman Co 

C A ST LE H IL L S 
Gorgeous discribes this lust listed 
I bedroom beauty. Form al living, separate dining, overlooks gar. den court yard Den has fireplace 
Brick and cedar fence Ask tor 
Gila Lucos 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

WfallLBrJ.Baniefte< 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

3 BEDROOM BUNGALOW 
N e w ly c a rp e te d with ran ge , j fridge, d ish w a sh e r 
B a y win dowed dining, attached gorage and fenced yard 
Assum e * I SS mo 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o) 

5 4 3 BEDROOMS! 
34 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! 
8'/2°h INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCBEEK NWI 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, orgmial designs. will trode Out Vance Jackson, I mile from 41o 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
696-833D 
B E H IN D 
F E D M A R T 
J be drooms. 2' > batbs, carpets, air 
NE schools V A P H A ferm i 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344 o936 

HO W ARD T A T E R E A L T O R S 

CASTLE 
HILLS 
TERRACE**® 
Doctor transferred must leave his beautiful home J bedroom s, 2 fam ily room, se p a ra te d in in g f~ room, all electric kitchen, many extras 
A must see 
$67 OOO 
344 8348 

4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 J 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
* 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4' 

SPECIAL REDUCED PRICE 
ONLY I LEFT 
At $44,2oo 
Extra lorge woaded. I 3 one lot 
3 2 2, features bandi rafted woodburning fireplace plus wall to wall (orpeting, Moqii Chef all elector kitchen, electra gorage door open, full energy sovmg package with all buck con struction Located in prestiges 
O AK CREEK 
165o ROB ROY 
Conventional financing with 5% down o< VA $1oo down This home will not he available for sale but a few days Call today 
684-3112 

 p u n i s h 

ENCHANTED 
FOREST 
G r e a t fo r e n t e rt a in in g , 

3 la r g e liv in g a r e a s , 2 

 b e d ro o m s , n o w . E a s ily 

 c h a n g e d b a c k to 3 o r 

4 . N it e s 6 5 6 - 6 3 3 2 . 
NAYLOR 
REALTY 

GALLERY Of HOMES 

6 5 6 - S 5 2 o 
6 9 1 - 1 1 2 1 

Best in Beacon 
I Blk (rom IH IO and I blk tram bus. J e ffe rso n sch o o ls. 3 b e ­ droom, den, dining room, wood burning fireploced living room 
Carpet thruout. recently pointed. root 2 yrs. old. double gorage, concrete drive way ond parking in back, cove re d patio Open 
S I),5 o o 
A L L C IT Y R E A L T Y 
716)85) Atter hours 824 3721 

BIG FAMILY? 

KEY GROUP 

REDUCED EQUITY 
HME TO SWIM... 
... . 
* ntrnrsct horo tin 
Along with low payments, make this home a perfect buy 2 be ; drooms. 2 baths, kitchen full of sun sh in e situ ate d on a quiet cut de soc Call today, you'll be alod you did!1 
124 2191 I Anytime) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S Austin Hwy Oft 

REDUCED 
Neat os a pm J J J, covered patio. new paint in ond out, p rivacy fenced, and intercom A reol buy 
Rnced in the low JO'S 
Niles, 
655 395o 
656 3441 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

 is almost here, don t won. see this la rge 4 bedroom , 2 both today 2 central heal air units. 
14x33 Gary Pool Room for tennis 
824 4321. rates 474 o744 
Turner Realty 

REGENCY PLACE 
Recent listing This pretty 12 2 brick nome is in desiroole area It is in excellent condition and easy w alking distance lo clem ently ond high schools 
$44,4oo Nites, 
492 12o$ 
421 824) 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

RIDGEVIEW 
Been looking fur a J bedroom home in this great area with a family room with fireplace? Well, your search is aver Call tor mare details on this gorgeous hom e' 
149 s ill or 349 1$J5 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Cu 
R E A L T O R S N Central n u 

K O C k H O U SE . 3 2 2, beautiful y a rd 
A la m o H g ts sc h o o ls I 
F re sh ly painted and re a d y to: move into OSS 7713 
T A N G LEW O O D R E A L T Y 

R O Y A L R I D G E 
N EW H O M E S 
4823 Royal Pl 3 2 2 544. JOO 
6o2* Ro vol Pl 4 2 2 $44 o/5 
6o38 Royal P l 4 J 1 ,-2 $$#.o75 
2 ST O R Y RO CK 
6114 Royal Pl $ 2 > 2 $$3,44 
I ST O R Y IOO*. STUCCO 
2x4 exterior walls. 4" insulation rn 
IO walls, in ceiling, doubly pane windows, stael doors with mod ny!K weather strip turbine root vents These features save $$1 , 
UUP'os 1o 4o ' ender y biti Com pieta kitchens fully carpeted, intercom 
C A L L A G H A N 
H O M E S 
IN C 

T R E E S T R E E S 
Located near M a cA rth u r H igh 
School Surrounded by large trees for outdoor entertaining Ideal home tor those who care 3-2-1 
LOW 3o S. 454*234 
RED CARPET 
UN O R D IN A R Y not the usual 4 bedroom, 2 bath home this one has a custom greenhouse, a tree standing fireplace and a BBG grill by the covered patio* 
$44 VOO 
R E A L T O R S 
4$J 7341 
Guy Chipman Cu 

V A L E N C IA M acArthur High. J* masonry, 3 bedroom s. 3 baths, central heat air, privacy fence, fireplace in den. u nderground sprinklers A ssum e or convell tional Monthly paym ents $314. interest at 7**, total price $43,5oo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
TATE 732 2911, 228 91o4, 733 5333 

V IL L A G E N O R T H " 
Big 4 bedroom. 2 bath. den, double oarage, covered polio, an B a r­ rington near new post office site 
PHA, VA or assume 
349-45o3, 
654-4294 
Manna Worley Realtors 
W IN D C R E ST By owner, Custom 
I .Yr Old Colonial Style, avoila 
Me in August 4214 Hickory Hot- law HOI,SOO 454 49oo___________ 
Windcrest Open House I to 4PM 
Beautiful 4 2 1, loaded with ex lro i 423 B A L F O U R Owner tm anced, im m ediate p o sse ssio n 
Robert 
Browning 
Realty 
A S S I S I 

Here s 5 bedroom s, 2 baths tor only $31,5oo1 Central heat and air, formal dining, covered patio and u fenced yard Close to Lackland 
Kelly 681 3222. rates. 656 o333 
B IL L SO U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
B U L V E R D E H IL L S D R IV E 
Beautiful 3 2-2 on I acre with oil appliances, woodburnin fireplace ond low price Coll today 
JUST L IS T E D 
Large 2 bedroom, I bath, double detached ga ra ge with '» bath. living with fireplace and covered patio on 3 acres, also 2 extra acres with born available 
N E A R C E N T R A L P A R K 
IOO*., Rock 1-2 1, central heat air, privacy fence, living room, family room, lust $32,ooo Call now 
NO C IT Y I A X E S 
Tw in C reek, 7 5 b ric k 3-2-2, m aster bedroom with dressing area, single living with fireplace and built-in kitchen Must see to appreciate. 
494 5571 
N IT E S 349 (337 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
| 

BY O W N ER 
A traditional home, 4-2 2. tire 
I place in living dining, den. with tall beam ed ceiling, plenty ot storage, large oak trees in bark yard Priced at $42,SOO in con vement 
Oak 
Hills 
Terrace kl) 18J9 
B Y OW NEfe Beautiful 3 3 2 ail 
: brick adobe home in University 
Oaks. F o rm a l living room and large den with stone fireplace 
Fenced yard with trees Walk to 
Etem entry school M ust see to upprenote 542,ooo 691 1375 
By Ow ner 
Beautiful home on corner lot 3 2 2, fireplace, excel lent lo ca tio n 
M a n y e x tra s 
543.ooo 681 oS84_________________ 
By owner, beautifully landscaped 
3 2 3 in Adam s Hill 
Ja ckso n " r Sunny garden kitchen, form al livin g dining room, fireplace) cathedral ceiling, p n v fenced, enlarged coy patio, large paneled family room with breakfast area, cu stom d ra p e s, ca rp e te d throughout, on Quiet cut de sac, walk to school Assum e low 7% note with $23o payments $16,7oo 
II OTI-IN I, 
BY OwbftiR, J bedroom, J bath double garago , B ra u n Station 
West, low equity. 
484 31o5 weekends or oft 6 
By owner," 1426 B n xlon . Broun 
Station East, Contemp, 3 bdrjn, 2 bath, coiner lot. I mo old 684 6383 

Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
Charm ing Northside Hom e By owner, J-t, Saltillo tile entry, decorator interior. Sun deck. 
$22,5oo 43o2 Neer, 349 3382 

CHARTER OAKS 
Sit under magraticient Oak Trees on lovely tiled upper deck On this beautifully landscaped Spanish 4 bedroom s, 2'> bath hom e with fireplace and wet bar Mint con aition 568,9oo Niles. 494 7385 
344 3o78 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

CLASSY CONDO 
2 bedroom ga rd e n hom e with thick, p lu sh c a rp e t a n d h ig h vaulted ceilings. Sunny dining with ga lle y kitchen, in c lu d e s range, fridge, dishwasher. 525oo I down, $194 mo No need to aualify I 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
Close lo Edison High school 
•OFF B LA N C O R D ? 
3 bedrooms, plus garage aport ment. carpeted. 2 window unit. appliances 
Call Alteca 
344 /SAS 
C” 6 « r T 6 Mfeb d fe N tE R J be droom s, 2 baths, den, carpet, buiit-ms Large lot $3o,ooo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o7$$ til 8 pm 
Tl o 4e to i w r e s e a r c h 
] 3 2 2, SISO move in First payment 
: in June 
674 6126_______ R A E Real Fstole 

C M. FURR CO 
I 
Specializing Northside 733 7!41 i 6 L 6 N l A l H IL L S 
Beautiful co n te m p o ra ry 4 be i droom ove rsize d lib ra ry , and gigantic play room Wood burning 
•ireplace, separate dining, Just listed Call Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 
C en tury 21 
H O W ARD TATE R E A L T O R S g g t O N IE S N O RTH ---------- 
Wolk to Elem entary School and shopping from this im m aculate 
I J J on quiet street 
J liv in g aieas, fireplace All brick $44,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
491 13oo 
C en tury 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 

•6 * ■ K H H H R T S r in H Y ★ * ★ 

DONT DRING MONEY 
Bring your paint brush No down payment to anyone. 3-4 bedrooms, 
7 baths, some with air ond ap allottees 
Payments less than rent 
BOB DeP AO LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R o 6 M t 'T 6 u d H A tH itu d . ,Ust move into this spotless clean, 4 bedroom home in P R E S T IG E area J deluxe baths, formal liv­ ing-dining, beautiful kitchen with sp aciou s b re akfast area, lire 
________________ place den, p riv a c y fence and choose from. whether you prefer 
I rugged splendor and Hillside set­ ting or park like grounds in your own mint-orchard. Coll for details 
Under 14o,ooo 
699-1ooo Anytim e 

G IG A N T IC 
Moster bedroom suite graces this 
4-7' >-2, living dining. country kit- chen den A N D fa m ily room 
Screened patio O ver 25oo sa ft 
Priced low 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2S2! 
O L E f T S a k S I?A R K New on the m arket and one of the nicest we've seen! J-2-) with too mony extras and built-ins lo list Call 
341 4484 tor details R E A L T O R S 
BID CARPET 

GREENBRIAR SPECIAL 
3-1-1 on quiet tree-lined street 
Fenced yard Walk to N E schools 
Just $71,5oo Eric Nagel. 694-533o. 
494 2717. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

HELOTES PARK ESTATES 
We have two J bedroom homes to 

 many extras Owner transferred, must sell! Low 6o'% 
RED CARPET 
342-3)1) 
R E A L T O R S 
497 2762 
Easy to Like! ta sv to keep* 
Built with easy upkeep in mind! 4 bedroom home in beautiful Oak 
Glen Pork O utstanding ament ties'$82,3oo Please call! 
341 4491 
Niles 342 oo47 . 494 7897 
G E O R G E FLO OD. R E A L T O R S 
E X C E L L E N T B U Y S ' H a ve J 
(hom es on som e street 3-2-1's 
Carpeted, built-ins. and fenced i Good location, less than $3o,ooo 
G A SE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
49o 199o Eves 696 88o5. 342 7717 

KEY GROUP 

EXCELLENT CONDITION 
Ready to move into, 2 bedroom, 2 bath, trees galore, lots of extras 
1 Ruby Wright 344 2 341. 142 5847 
BOB JO NES. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

Charm ing hi location 3-2, se p a r­ ate living-dining room, central heat air. Priced low 3o s for quick sale 824 3233, 826 oo49, 822-S973, 
822 91o3. 876 7314 
Mazie Sale Hill, Realtors 

LEON VALLEY 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
Roomy 22oo SU It M exican brick rambler. 3 Bedroom s, 2 baths, 
[fireplace, corner lot. M id 5o's. 
684 2725 for app t________________ 
LE T S M A K E A D E A L 
On Our U niversity Oaks, 3-2 2 
Full carpet and fireplace Sem i form al liv in g room se p a ra te d from vaulted den by m a so n ry arches Lockhille Elem and new 
NS High School 3 blocks 496-2752 

LOCATION: 
Quiet and Peaceful j' Knowing how to live is knowing where to live." This location on J plus ocres ot oaks, with bedroom, 
2 bath home and 17x35 pool is perfect $68,6oo. 
Call 349 1 416 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S________ 

•LOMA PARK ABEA* excellent buy 3 bedroom s and a den, VA PH A 
N O R T H S ID E R E A L T Y 
732 o94) anytime 714 o772 
LO M A P A R k, Nice 3 bedroom, I bath near bus, being redecorated 
Hurry! 
H U G H E S & B R ISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
473 o694 

• LOOK! For $18,5oo • 
Oft West Ave 3 bedroom s, I 'j baths. Easy to buy We will trade. 
344 3471, rates 341-19o1 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
LOS A N G E L E S H E IG H T S 
2 be droom home has apartm ent in rear' Enclosed porch, living and dining rooms burglar bars! 
$22,95o. 
R E A L T O R S 
6S3-7341 

NEED 4 BEDROOMS? 
We have it, and all you have to do is call us to see it This lovely split j level is a great fam ily hom e, located close to schools ond shop ping Priced at $41,9oo 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytim e 

 j O W N E R h a 4 r e d u c e d t h £ 
! P R IC E Must sell! Coll today on i this spacious 3 bedroom, J bath, 
| brick home Large living area has fireplace, kingsized master suite, roomy kitchen, sliding glass doors i to covered potio ond oak treed lot. 
I Low 4o’s 
RED CARPET 
1 142 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 
O W N ER SA YS 
Please buy my all brick, 3-2-2, 
I with large corner fireploced den 
Fully carpeted luxury living. O N ­ 
L Y 529oo EQ U ITY, no pavments 
I til M ay, im m ediate occupancy 
■ and I ii pay your closing cost 
G A SE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
49o 899o Eves 696-88o5. 342 7712 
KEY GROUP 

OWNERS lf YOU hove not sold your home try our p ro ve n m ethod, I f s D I F F E R ­ 
ENT. it W O RKS. Call 341-4435 
Deanie Owens Co 
Barney Agency Realtors 

TIO, privacy fence 543,5oo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 

•TREES* 
Shade Back yord of this 3-2-2, For 
Sole BY O W N ER, in Leon Valley. 
Priv. fence, new carpet, point, wallpaper $36,7oo /OIS Sunlight. 
(at Evers) 684-288o evenings 
T W IN C R E E K 
2 4 2 2 s 
75% brick hom es One with m odest t equity and S279 payment. Second 
'h a s equity and $368 paym ent j 341 4484 R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

IWO XCAE ESTATE 
Over 36oo sa ft of elegance rn this secluded beauty. A great fomily home that is also perfect for en­ tertaining Priced in the 9o’s, b"ut worth much more. Convenient to 
Medical Center and U SAA 
349 S ill or 349-353$ Anytime 
R E A L T O R S N West OtC 
5 N EW LIST IN G S 
In popular Canterfield, G r a s s 
V a lle y a re a 
F ro n $27,7oo lo 
535.9oo Low interest assumption, all 3-2-2, dens, central air Call 
' today to see these fine homes Will trade 
G L E N O A KS P A R K 
Next to M edical Center, la rg e lovely 5-2-2, big fireplace in den, 
' formal areas, over 23oo sa ft of 4 year old beauty with screened porch, under 56o.ooo 
B R E E Z E W O O D 
Near Schools, 4-2-2, den ond liv­ ing, IOO year old oak tree 
All extras, only $35,7oo 
Century 21 
Whitehead-Holiday 
614 3711 
R E A L T O R S 
N E W L Y W E D S 6 r R E T I R E D ’ 
This immaculate 3 or 7 bedroom with carport. Near Med Center. 
N E Schoo ls W HO S A Y S Y O U 
C A N T F IN D A H O U S E F O R 
U N D E R $3o,ooo! 696 1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
NO C IT Y T A X E S J bedrooms, I 1 . baths, garage, air. 525o down 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344 o934 
NO C IT Y T A X E S 3 2-4, stove. 
J carpets, $775 down 
1 696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 4149 
NO C IT Y T A X E S Trees, com munity pool and tennis cou rts 
L o rg e one liv in g a re a, h ig h ceilings, wood burning fireplace and laundry room. 3 Bedroom s 
Fenced covered patio and storage shed 
559,5oo 
Call 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E . 

P E A C H E S and C R E A M and all other good things describe the immaculate condition ot this 3 bedroom, J bath carpeted home located in G rass Valley Form al liv in g and dining plus a huge fam ily room with fireplace N S 

699-?133 '^ R E A L T O R S 
341-5423 I kl,cBe" °P*n l,v' n« “ re“ 
W alk to e le m e n ta ry sch o o l 
$38,9oo 
Erie 
Nagel. 
696 S33o, 
696 2712. 

Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S N Central OtC 

UNIVERSITY OAKS 
Like new, brick 3-2-2 on corner lot. 

RED CARPET 
P O P U L A R N O R T H S ID E A R E A 
Only 534,9oo Wolk to elementary and middle schools Better than new condition Master bedroom 
' and e ve ry other room e a sily accom m odates king size furni 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
W H E N S TH E B E ST 
T IM E TO S E L L ? 
Anytime is the right time it you can get the price your house de- ture E v e ry room B rig h t and serves! We alw oys have house 
Cheerful 494 7451 A N Y T IM E hungry people on our list. often more prospects than houses List with us tor ACTION. Call 433-6641. 
431-6642 
KELLEY REALTY 

QUICK SALE NEEDED... 
On this spacious 3 bedroom b home in Hidden Forest. 
WHISPERING OAKS brick Beautiful custom built content 
L a rg e p o ra ry , 4 b e d ro o m s, m a ste r single living area with fireplace down. plus playroom Enorm ous and built-in bookcases, separate I living ond library has dual fire dining room, large kitchen with place. Separate dining, breakfast dinette ared. 15 It Oak tree in area. Ask tor Fran White front yard. Professionally lands­ caped. Im m ediate o ccupancy . 
544.5oo Nites, 454 o466 
349-4343 or 349 3535 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S Blonco Rd Otc 
Quiet, Country Living in a 7)5o sa 
It brick home, )'> yr. old on 8 tree covered lot. Extras- built in I energy savers, sunken living area with huge circular fireplace and p re fe rre d N IS D 
M u s t sell. 
557.5oo 673 4479, 479-7249 

341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu ry 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
W H IS P E R IN G O A KS 
New to market, custom built with heated pool Fully carpeted 4 2-2. fireplace in big den. formol areas. 
Loaded with luxuious and only 

M U H A . Gin Chipman Co 

R E A L T O R S SO Yeors ot T R U S T n 6 r t h s a n a E 4t6 n i6 h i l l s 
Beautiful co u ntryside, o y e r I acre, custom built, 3 bedroom, J bath, bio family living area with large fireplace, m any good ies 
Must see. 349 1479 
Hector J. Herbtck inc., R editors 

HIDDEN CREEK 
3-7 2, fireplace, greenhouse and mony other extras 164,ooo 
494 3448. A N Y T IM E 
GALE REAL ESTATE 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
Beautiful home overlooking San 
Antonio L arge pool, stables, 5 tree covered acres Just reduced 
51o5.ooo Niles. 494 2116 
494 7711 
OON JO HNSON, R E A L T O R S 

LOVELY TO LOOK AT! and easy to buy This 3 bedroom home loacated in Oak Hills Ter- 
: race on a wooded lot features living- dining combination, fam ily loom and fenced yard Priced to sell ol less than $4o,ooo 
684 433o 344 62o7 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S Bondero Rd Otc 
L U X ( j r V 4 Bedroom , 21 

OAK GLEN 

 p p r n r ht i T r mmAm n n r in Tm v Tn oreo*' m,nf condition wan snoov, 
H ol Inwood P^i r k ' You iM w h en P'Ctur. perfect yard Firs. 537.9oo you see this lovely home, king sized m aster suite for owner 3 m ore la rge bedroom s, deluxe 

 r.U,?®,' 7 l°»He?„ditn. i manV i 
Good”tirm s'"calM oday mony extras 2 good to lost. 
RED CARPET 
C e n t u r y 2 1 

P O P U L A R G R E E N B R IA R 
C harm ing, fully carpeted 3 be­ droom, 2 bath, den and form ol areas, mint condition with shady. 

Y A R D F R E E 
4 lovely Townhouses, one in M n non Trace, one in Rolling Ridge. in Charter Oak From $36,9oo lo 

342-3111 

G re a t fam ily home w ith $ b e ­ drooms, 3*i baths, bonus room, la rg e fam ily room and m o re 
Beautiful neighb orhood N E schools $89,7oo Niles, 828-oo98 
344-3o78 
DON JOHNSON. R E A L T O R S 

R E A L T O R S 
TTfe O U T F IT 
494 I OSO 

C A S T L E H IL L S L U X U R Y 
2 ye a r old T ra d itio n a l, 4 be drooms. 2' > decorator baths, den with fireplace, beautiful wooded lot on auie) street plus lovely pool 
M arne Horton 344 2341, 6$3 $936 
BOB JO NES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
KEY CROUP 

 both, spacious living room, formal din 
■ na. family room with fireplace, all electric kitchen with bar Huge game room on lower level Ook trees Coll 342 3211 A N Y T IM E . 

BY O W N E R , 4 12 Colonial 
Hills. NE schools, 218o sa it 
349 722o 
WINDSOR SQUARE 
L o ve ly l l hem e H uge liv in g , area, range, air, carpet, and fenced 
$2/ 8oo assume or refinance 
BUDDY UECKER j u a n 
MUB? | 
212- f in s »UHirt*r: _ _ 

A B E A U T IF U L tri level surprise 
PetipAed with style and im aging hon en nearly '» acre 4 arms. J bath*, se p a ra te L R 
I e a tin g a re a s 
} 4 x to den w ith F P 
8148171. Nites ess 8421 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

I O w ner. £ ii ecu I ive be in g u n s tirr e d , w ill se ll 2 sto ry home, lived in less than I mo 778o 
SU Ft 3 J, gam e room , fam ily room , fo rm a ! liv in g d ining, breakfast roam, 16x3o' covered po lio w ild sk y lig h ts, p riv a c y fence Park Forrest $1o,o6o and assume $631 per mo VA, 492 998o 

 i v owner FaoHiiJU, 3 7 { content porary heme Convenient to Med area U TSA U SA A 
SJV SOO 
344 8849 t v 'S W M * . E u re sre g r a r T T T 
12o6 Sa Ft , •« b ric k , fenced screened patia. full carpeting, } yrs afd, $718 me 484 44n 
M 

C O L O N IES N O R T H 
First time on market, large lovely 
4 2-2, fireplace in den, form al areae, covered patio, p riv a c y fenced Assume payments undei 
S2$o or new loan Only $47,2oo 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T 
Near Churchill and Eisenhower, lorge split level on corner, huge oak trees, 4 2 2, fam ily orea, i many extras $52,95o 
OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Lot ae brick corner home, high on lull Huge single living areo. tire ploced, covered polio, priced tor quick sell at $43,9oo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
4o1 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

CROSS VOUK FINGERS... 
And m aybe this ch arm in g one living area. J bedroom (split ar­ rangement), 3 bath home with all brond new carpet, and so much more will still be available tor 
$33,5oo 
Coll 349 143o Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
C U t' E fc R A ' WA IIM , 
I 11, t redecorated. $215 down, $18o mo 
J A J R E A L T Y 474 oo83 Anytime 
••»• Culebro Polk 
Like new, 4 bedrooms. I 1, bath. $17,OSO Easy down 
931 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
J l l. C u sto m built, cu stom drapes, one big living area. 9 mo old 544.9o6 464 4769 le rso n a re a 
Spacious home needs someone who cares L a rg e liv in g room with fireplace dining room com bibation, s e p a ra ta den. I b e ­ drooms. J tile baths Convenient to schools and shopping center 
F le x ib le fin a n c in g 
$ J6.o66 
142 J ill A N Y T IM E 

FIRST HOME? 
3 bedrooms. I'r bath convenient to shopping An excellent starter home tor a young couple Form al dtntnu family room, covered pa tio, ond a fenced y a rd O nly 
512,1oo 
Open Term s 481 3221, 
Niles. 435 4488 
B IL L SO U T H ER N R E A L T O R 
F IR ST T I K I 
SA LE ------ 
JEFFERSON 
B E A U T IF U L LOT W ITH T R E E S 
An all rock home in very good icond ition J la rg e b e d ro o m s. 
L A R G E bedrooms. J tiled bath, I 
L A R G E liv in g area with fire ­ place Lovely oak doors, central heat, double garage, new root 
537,5oo 141 72o1, rates 344 9954 
Ask tor C H R IST IN E E M E R S O N 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 
F IR S ? t lM E O lf t H E M A IW i T 
3 bedroom, J bath, Hying room family room areo with cathedral ceiling, double fieplace Spacious 
Perfect condition C h a rm in g 
M any extras 824 3233. 126 7314 
Marie Sale Hill, Realtors 
F O R E IT G I E N 
3 2 i. air and appliances $35o down, $799 mo 
J A J R E A L T Y o74 8883 Anytime 

FOREST OAKS AREA ~ 
M r s 
C lean live $ In th is un maculate 3 bedroom. 2 bath nome with a courtyard entry Listen to the birds sing by the garden Mid 
3o'S 684 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 
F 6 R E 
6 A K 
Y 3 'T " V A loon. fireplace, low equity 684 2743 
F a m r r o r c r M i brick, a i y den with tireploce. plus form al areas, 542,5oo 7o41 Forest Mont 
684 3792 
F 6 g T s' r g A K T ~ 5pon,sk i i i, cou rtyard Hugo fom ily room , cathedral coiling, fireplace, car- pel No agents $42,5oo 684 14o1 
For Sale By owner, 3-j-i, close to 
Lackland Med Clr. Low Equity, 
734 2 542 
FOR SALE' BV O W N ER. $$9.ioo 
4 bedroom, J bath, largo family room with fire p la c e , in 
C H AR TER OAKS, Call 49o 1344 
FOR THE DISCRIMINATING 
Approximately $52oo $a ti of ab solute luxury and design, m ater­ ials and construction On cliff lot. overlooking country club and nill country 
Call for details and appointment 
Call 349-1434 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 

7<!>'6 d > a r k 
R educed tor quick sale ! 3 be droom s, den fire p la c e , quiet neighborhood, near playgrounds 
Dixie Rose. Realtor 
824-7334. Anytim e 

HOLLYWOOD PARK ~ 
D R A ST IC R E D U C T IO N 
Lavish 4 bedroom Spanish con 
I te m p o ra ry o v e rlo o k in g bluff 
2 way fireplace separating living room and study 
S a ltillo tiled fam ily room with w elbar o v e r­ looks giant heated pool 3 car garage, many extras Reduced to 
( 5179,5oo 
C A L L 494-5227 
Arm strong Co 
R E A L T O R S __________ 
M L S 
Home For Solo By owner, 5 be droom, 2 bath, den and dining 
Braun Station East, 684-o198 for 
Appt. 

• 4-3 IN Jeltersonl! • i Corner lot on Gotfyburg, 72oo sa ti 
$47,5oo and w o'tl tra d e 
144 3471, rates 656 4 521 
BREMNER REALTORS 

'condition* A nim al O F * ' ( U N ^ T l ' i , p a rtia lly 
• I? , i . 
Form ol j fu rn ish e d hom e L o * e q u ity , 
:° A * 
" • • " 'M i l 
*» ?• l l - 
$T5,75o 

In Oak Hills, By Owner 
5-1-2, on o large corner lot, v m any large trees, $4o,oo8. 
344 4o77 or 641 38o7 

 with 
Call 

I V owner, cor ft yr tut patio 

 f o r o t i flak i H 
I custom fireplace and o 684 gen 

1 N C R E A L T O R 5 
F O R T U I M A H e h * has been blessed with a large lamMy. This stately home tt the answer mas tar bedroom and bib on tin t floor 
4 bedrooms pius study on second, fireplace in formal arab Separate dining, many built ins and extras galore Churchill Hi 
RED CARPET 
342-1111 
R E A L T O R S 
o92 27o1 

IN SHAVANO PARK 
3 wooded acres, 3-2-2, fireplace, country kitchen, large family and d in in g area, stu d y, m aid quarters, more 
$o9,SOO 
Firm 
o92-272o. 
S 

INTEREST RATES IRE 
GOING UP! S H S TO 8% % l 
Lumber, labor, etc going up to! 
Buy now! 9 models open daily! 
$79.$oo to $11$,OOO! Trade your hom e for tho dow n paym e n t! 
5 4 3 bedroom s, 4 3 b a th s' Out 
Vance Jackson, I mile tron 41o and Callaghan in Oak Valley ond 
Ook Crook NW 
MINE KINDER DIRR 
696833o 
J E T T t if s '6kl H i 
H o m e s are selling like hot cukes in this area and so will this now listing! All stucco, 3 bedrooms. J baths, has large living diranu, den, kingsized master, lots of storage, low 3o s 
RED CARPET 
242 31 11 
R E A L T O R S 
492 2795 
— k iN 6 iftW A k fV K 6 I C U — 
4 J. separata study, sewing room, trees, corner tot, by owner, no agents, $76,5oo 341 oo79 
A IU U M I I T M . AH rociivt ) FT. nice area, convenient location, 
Sprinkier system fence beautiful custom built kitchen separate lie 
■no dining and den, utility roam, im m aculate, e xtras. W eekend 
Open House, $48,9oo » y owner 
o84 79o3, S H A Broker, 342 9391 
A f 1 ,'la rp e fenced back yard carpet, drapes, central air, near 
Medical Center, A vailable July 
Isl $27,o66 Firm 681 o938 

MARRIED MAN CAUGHT 
With 2 homes and I wile Needs to sell Leon Valley homo or buy 2nd wife Pretors to soil J bedroom , home with 74 It beam ed den 
Separate living, modern kitchen, double garage and fenced yard 
Assume $2o2 mo 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o) 

M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
Close to everything, O A K H IL L S 
T E R R A C E . 4 2-2. on coiner lot 
One living. C O Z Y D E N W IT H 
F IR E P L A C E , beam ed ce ilin g 
Separate bre a kfa st a re a with built ins. IN the 4o s 
69o-98o2 
6REAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S m e d i c a l c e n t e r Spacious I bedroom, 2 bath, double home in mint livin g , sepa country kitchen Owner will carry equity Assum e only $274 month 
481 o66o 
RED CARPET m is s io n Tr a c e 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
B r ic k n cedar 2 story gard e n hom e in beautiful setting J beat com s (2 witn silting rooms), J baths Sal bilo balconies overlook fireploced living area M a n y cu stom tea tares $63,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
691 HOO 
C e n tu ry 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSO C 

MISSION TRACE" 
Lovely Borden home, corner lot, 2 large bedroom s. J baths. 2 car gorage. tireploce. wetbar, attic storage, other nice features, by owner, $$$.ooo 69o 1 5o2 
MR A M R 'S"" E X 'if't U 1 1V E ideal fr entertaining in this $ bedroom heme on 8 acres. Vista of b e au ty 
By app I only, 634-2341. 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
Immaculate 3-2 2 with extra fea­ tures Livmo-dimng combination 
Paneled den. Finished g a ra g e 
F e n ce d 
Now. $39,95o 
A n n 
Cartwright. 694 $33o, 342-3778 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
By awner, a honey tor the m oney! 
Im m a cu la te 3-2-2, s p a c io u s 
: corner, m anicured lawn, trees, dining, fam ily room with cathe drat ceiling, fireplace, kitchen with bay breakfast area, all appl. coy patio, mony extras $43,5oo 
681-1164 
O F F B A B<T6£K R 6 

Reduced Over $1o,ooo 
Colonial Village, Custom built, beautiful drapes and carpet. 4 large bedrooms, 3 luxury baths, J fireplaces, central heat - air Lets talk terms 
Call 824-5421, rates 
674-o744 

Whitehead-Holiday 
684 3711 
R E A L T O R S 

WONDERLAND 
In Dellview area Brick veneer, carpet, immaculate condition, J I plus den. fenced W osher-dryer connnections $26,5oo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
664-717) 684 7)7t 696-5896 699 oo6 

YOU DONT NEED 
$1oo,ooo lo live on Mustang Circle in pres­ tigious Hollywood Park We have a great 3 bedroom 7 bath and den home with all big rooms and lots of extras Priced in the 5o's 
Call 349-1436 Anytime 
Turner Realty basse weilracher j. . V I . - ) l 
■ ----- 
INC. RE At TOUS m u 
R m n m 
H 
Lorge. lovely 6-2 2, or 3 with ot- tice. fireplace in big den o v e r­ looking beautiful yard. this one has everything and only 546,9oo 
W INDW OOO E S T A T E S 
Oft IH IO, on 2' > acres ol trees. 
Big 2 year old rock, 4 bedroom, 3 bath, huge den. with wet bar and fireplace, vacant O w ner a n x ­ ious' Otters excepted 
L A R G E AN D L O V E L Y 
In Montecito area, 2' r story with garage apartment 4ooo sa It of modern beauty on acre. 4-1-2 and 

J-J-i, cor- pets, appliances Only $3oo down 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6149 
O FF B aT iF e 'R A ftb 3 2 7 t„ e place, nothing down. $3oo movetn cost M ay 1st payment 
496-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 
... Oft Blanco "R othmg down to | m oth m or* on,y 
ooo a n y o n e ' Som e r e p a irs 
3 b e ­ drooms. on 314 Hitlwood $21,27$ 
Hablam os Espanol 
923 1984 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
.... 6 ^ F blanco, on Ridgewood, corner, J bedroom , se p a ra te dining, no down, $14,5oo H ob tamos Espanol* 
923 1 9o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
661 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S 
TATE 732 2911, 732 5355. 228 97o1. 
732-7184 
6 lf b ia n c o «>T le e N im itt 
Schools. Lovely J bedroom, den, screened porch, la rge fenced yord, easy terms A ssum e $124 per mo. or refinance Will trode 
BOB D ePAO LO 
244 1o91 
R E A L T O R 
— r n WSB WB----------- 
$2oo down, $18$ mo 
PO IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
.75 1491 
A N Y T IM E 
673 11oo 
O FF PlklN RD dozy I bedrooms. den, I block to bus $2oo down 
494 742o SL A T E R R L T Y 684 4169 

OEF VANCE JACKSON ~ 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, very neat. on approx I acre PLA TT R E A L H i- 
TATE 735 4768. 3o2 36 1 9________ 

OFF WEST AVE 
1926 W 
R id ge w o o d 
H o m o redecorated inside and out♦ ga r­ age apt Assume VA loan David 
Poill. R E A L T O R 349 4195, E ve s 
344 5o42 

RED CARPET i 
OPEN HOUSE r e a l t o r s e n c h a n t e d f o b 
' 
N E A * f e n f g t t 
Chose from throe 3-2 2, low $J8's 
Nothing down, low dosing costs to everyone. 349 1479 
Hector J Horbock Inc , Realtors 
Near Southwest itesearch, tented, drupes, 481 1o14 
T T T 

NEAR 
UTSA MEDICAL 
CENTER 
Spotious I bedroom . 2' i bath, b e au tifu l c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s separata living and dining room. wet bar in fam ily room, tats et built ms. only $43,ooo For details call 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T 
C H U R C H IL L HI, 3-2' r J, sewing room, covered patio, fireplace, above ground pool, many extros. low $58 s 7o2 Fabulous. O P E N 
12 4pm, 341 8o52. BV O W N E R 

O R IE N T A L M O D E R N 
Beautifully planned I bedroom J bath home great tor entertaining 
Form al living dining, tireplacod den ond Tuge carpeted garner oorn T e rra in ond ca rp e l. Im maculate* $47,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
491 IMO 
Century 21 

RealtorReese Henry or 
ASS 3584 in 

E L A IN E LU DW IO A ASSOC 

 y lim e 

IMI NUMOtk IO CAI. is u s -ieee 
• XOktSS ONP N IW S 

Near U T SA Equity b u y s T i l , builtin kitchen, carpets, fireplace in den. liv in g d in in g , petib, fenced $36,$88 7)9 1918 
HAH REALTY 

SHAVANO PARK 
2 Acres with ISO oak trees, horse stalls, and a beautiful rock home 
Large family room with fireplace 
Entertain on the over sized patio 
Call now 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty 
484 / IOO 

SHERWOOD FOREST 
Robin Hood never slept here but you and your maid M arion can 
Luxury J or 4 bedrooms, 2' > bath home secluded amid an acre of oaks inclues custom drapes, bv the way, horses ore allowed Mid 
SO S Niles. 149 o732 
349 4343 or 349 353$ Anytime 
Beanie Owens Cu 
R E A L T O R S Blanco Rd Otc 
Small coly J bedroom boos# lur 
Solo, not a shack H uge yard, vicinity of Edison H igh School 
Los A ngolos Heights, requires 
54.ooo Cosh Equity and assum e balance of $4488. payable in pmts af le ss than $9o ea 
226-846$ wknds and oft /pm only________ 

SOLD All OURLISTINGjT 
Weneed natal ll you want results, I 
! list your house with L an d m ark 
U cottars* 888-8888" 
I 

SOMH HING UNUSUAL 
We have J beautiful split-level homes, both in the mid 48 s Select a J bedroom plus hobby room or ask to so# the 4 bedroom with an over sued let 
Century 21 
Schneidei Realty 
684 7288 
Spacious ond gracious, Shearer 
Hills walk to Lee ond Nimitt 3457 sa ti. ) bedrooms, I ' i baths, pius 
2ox18 finished dorm Ferm at dm m g room, entrance halt, l$ x to don, en ' i aero tree lured tot As same S ift per mo or rttm anca 
Witt trade on smollei home 
BOB D ePAO LO 
344 3891 
R E A L T O R j T O H T O W o l — 
~ 
Plash is the word' Tbis spacious ) bedroom J bonis, large doable cai garage, tots at built in t A rara find near Medical Center pud 
U TSA Upper 38 * 
4$4 U M 
RED CARPET 

214 HOULIS SmiTHtASl 
B o rg m ra lb e d ro o iT T T iu ^ ^ 
Iv room, carpeted. Dellcrest No down ta anyone 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R S 
333 o64o 
64 ) 3322 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down paym ent to anyone, 3 and 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some 
: with air and appliances, first payment in May 
BOB OePAO LO 
I 532 5251 
R E A L T O R 
B O uTTHJl----------- 
Equity buy in SE 3 bedrooms. J baths, east central schools Don’t woit coll today! Niles 453 57o7 
C e n tu ry 21 
H AP R E S E R 653 4182 Anytime 
3 bedroom home with den, polloi 
[fully fenced yard, Highland Hills 
Vp-FH A 
$28,5oo 
924-8114, 
337-4927 
H Y A TT R E A L E S T A T E 
* block off S Flares, large aider hom e in good condition 
3 be droom s. sm all den, double de toched garage, large pecan trees 
$17,5oo 
V A FH A 
924 8116, 
337-4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E ST A T E 
Brand new. this Is real chormer, brick, huge living area. features large fireplace, country su e kit chon with cabinets galore, 3 king su e d bedroom s, 2 baths, J car garage, privacy fence, call Ann 
EHA 
JACK MITCHELL 
S3T-3Io7 
R e a lto r 
888 33o7 he ow nerl'lEastw ood Village, I bedroom. I bath. newly decorat ed, SI? OOO 714 Learados 922 4144 
B y O w ner. Itt a r M c C re le s s . 
3 I CP, freshly painted, 7 F n e dried air conditioners, 3715 S 
P ine $15,ooo Call 494 5149 or 
534 4562 tor appt 

East Control Highland H ills 3 bed room , la rg e fenced yard . priced under $14,ooo Call Otto 
873-8188 
G A R D N E R R O A D — 2 Bedroom home with targe living room ond co u n try kitc h e n en 2 g e m s 
$24,58o Call M 2 3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KUNE liA L Ift ff? » ? • ? ! > O' 
Highland Hills For Mio style el living you hove always wanted 
M ony built m s in kitchen king sued master bedroom adds lo me ch arm at this all b rick, ) be droom. I bath home V A F H A 
Can Ann 
ERK 
JACH MITCHELL m i n ; w i n , 
H ighland Hills Ste this brand new bom * today where else tan yea bay a I bedroom, J bath. tai abe tor under $2$ Odd V A F A 
Can Ann 
ERA i l l JIO/ 
JACK MITCHELL 
R foliar 
848 1ft/ 

EXPRESS’-NEWS 
TEXAS SIZE 

A l i n e s 
$ 

• 
• 
• 
IO D A Y S 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
KATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 

Q 
U I C K RESULTS! 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

EXCEPTIO NAL VALUE 
4 bedrown, 
I both, double garage, hilly carpeted, ag- plioncev drapes wee oreo NO 
DOWN VA. ot S3o. SOO w open terms. 
W O N 'T LAST 
New on morket 3 bedroom, I '/V both, close to Wilford Hall and busline 
Adorable home, only 
$17,ooo NO DOWN VA or open terms. S'/i% note at $87 month. ton be assumed 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
H O O SO O N A ASSOC. 
KEY G R O U P 

MANSION 
ON THE HILL 
Eleaont 1oo% Reek 3 bedroom with 3 luiury baths, triple electric garage, enormous fireplace ond manicured grounds surrounded by rock wolfs Call fof detoils today 
S32-32S2 
MTH 653-1445 

 tit-M a s ts soiniiwtsi 
?ia wastssam m sT a a - a w m * p o t t y 
??6 sawasHip o t t y 

 i - i d . ' u i r i ' A n 

WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

RAINBOW Hilts 
Clean 3 bedroom home with two living Orem, lots of carpet, central air heat, gas fireplace, aluminum siding plus many other special features 
DON T WAIT 
See this uwcious 3 bedroom home in Valley Hi one block from elementary school, (quipped with range, refrig., carpet and lenced yard Buy under VA ot $17,3oo 

TOR DCT AUS AND VIEWING 

CAU 673-5o83 ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

TO BUY BR NOT TO BUY 
! it th a t'* the Question, let us Help w ith the answ er CaH us about this 
■trash as a b re ath ot s e rin e o ir " 
I 3-1-2 hom e in W estw ood V illa o e . 
; You nam e tho te rm s . F o r in fo r­ m a tio n and vie w in g , c o ll K e lle y 
B ep ity 433-4o*1, 433-M42.________ 

LOVELY 
NEIGHBORHOOD 
Perfection! 3 bedroom, 2 both, living room ond termly room, of tached goroge, prestige area, 
Eastwood Viltege 
532-5245 
333-3WS Mites 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
KAITORS— AAH 
S. East Oft. 

CLO SE W 
L A C K L A N D 
E ic tro nice J bedroom , I bath hom e in 
V a lle y H i. C e n tra l a ir , a ll ap- p lia n c o s o n d c a r p e tin g 
P a y m e n ts e t SUO C an be a s ­ s u m e d w ith re a s o n a b le d o w n paym ent S74-5411 
RED CARPET 

C o n v e n ie n t to K e lly a nd L o c k ­ land, no down p aym ent to anyone. 
J bedroom s, J baths, heaf-atr. aa pliancos. paym ents less than rent 
BOB OeP POLO 
$32 $251_______________ R E A LTO R 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G IS m in u te s fro m K e lly . L a rp e lo t w ith big tre e s, new th re e b e d ro o m , } 11 baths, c o u n try kitch en , b e a u tifu l view , ca rp e te d th ro u g h o u t, dish washer, range and oven, c e n tra l heat and o ir. 13?.SOO W ould con sider tra v e l tra ile r in trade. Call 
O wner 1-741USI 

S2o TOTAL COST to m ove in to 2 o nd 3 b e d ro o m . 
P aym ent u s e . F irs t p a y m e n t in 
June. H u rry wont last. 
674 t m 
________RA E R eal E state 

TWENTY DOLLARS 
T O T A L M O V E IN 
3 b e d ro o m s , f ir s t p a y m e n t in J u n o . H A R - 
LAM OS ESP A N O L 
47o-4134________R A E R eal E state 
W A LK TO L A C K L A N D G A T E 
3 bedroom s, 3 baths. 1171 ma. 12oo 

6*6 742o S LA TE R R L T Y 344-oo34 

D e llc re s t. B ra n d now. T h u is a re a l c h a rm e r B ric k , huge liv in g a re a fe a tu re s la rg e fire p la c e 
Countrysize kitch e n w ith cabinets galore. 3 kin g size d b edroom s. 2 b a th s , 2 c a r g a ra g e , p r iv a c y fence Call Ann 

HIGHLAND PARK 

Well built 2 bedroom with I'/t boths, heat-oir, formal living ond dining ond (oh of (Afros 
(oil 
Shelton Today 

532-3252 
NTES 623-4631 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Reoltor 
648-33o7 
HOO DOWN 
3-1-1. a ir . a a y m e n t 1171, f ir s t paym ent in June Less than re n t! 
474-4124________RAE Real E state 
3-1' 7-3, H.tOO-eauitv. 474 34o4 a ft lp m 

H IG H L A N D H IL LS 
B uy o f a life tim e ' SHOO e q u ity . 
SMS m onth 3 bedaam s. 4S4-1234 
RED CARPET 

M 
I K I MUS 
Y o u r own h ills id e w a itin g to be te rra c e d in s id e y o u r ow n huge fenced b a c k y a rd . 3 b edroom s, 3 lull baths, near shopping a rea and bus Open Term s. F or deta ils and view ing, coll 342-41 IS A N Y T IM E tj 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

HUGE D E N —D E L LC R E S T 
B ric k 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th - O n ly 
S27.ooo N othing down G I- B e tte r 
H u rry ! 
341 31S4 
H ITE S *21-34?! 
W alker J. B o rn tb ty R E A LT O R 
J U P E o ff R ig s b y . N ic e 3 b e ­ dro om . 2 b ath , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. double g a ra g e $l?o m o n th ly . J 
1 interest. O nly 124,3oo. B e tte r h u rry ! C H A R LE S W ATTS R E A L 
E S T A T E 
732 IO U , 
733-5155. 
321-o1o4, 732-7U4, 

SHOO E Q U IT Y a n d o n ly SISO m onth buys th is 3 b e d ro o m cot- togo tucked aw ay in quiet neigh borhood. p ric e includes a ll a pp l including re frig 441 o44o 
RED CARPET 

SHOO E Q U IT Y a n d o n ly SISO m onth buys th is 3 b ed ro om cot loge lu rk e d aw ay in auiet neigh­ borhood. p ric e in clu de s a ll a pp l including re trig 441-o44o. 
RED CARPET 

E X C E P T IO N A L 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath hom e, gion t-size m a ster be ­ d ro o m . A p p lia n c e s , c a rp e tin g , and fenced y a rd 
VA app ra ise d 
S2o.SOo 
Tower View Inc. 732 6157 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
A ll b ric k 3 b e d ro o m hom e w ith low m o n th ly p aym en ts ond ve ry lo w e q u ity . S to ve , r e fr ig e r a to r and d ishw ash e r 
L a rg e tre e s in fenced yard. One block tra m m a ll. 
T o ta l p ric e S U ,A IS F o r d e ta ils and view ing, ca ll 342-411$ AN Y T I 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

YOUNG P E O P LE S D E L IG H T 
C arpeted don big enough to r pool tab le , c a th e d ra l c e llin g in liv in g roam . 3 bedroom s, stove and re­ frig e ra to r P aym en ts lo w e r than rent. VA no dawn. 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

F o r Sale, old b o r r ic k t b ldg , a p ­ p ro x 3ox11o to be re m oved Can be se en a t E p w o r th 
U n ite d 
C h u rc h . S 7 ll P e c a n V o lle y . 
333-$31o. 333-417o________________ j G ovt B uild. 24x4o good ro o f now p oin t lob $34 so D e live re d 333 o74S 
To be m oved- House (12So sq .ft ) cedar snakes on roof. solid woad. new point, m ust soil 124-OOSO 
To move or w re ck to r it's lovely o ld b o a rd s : f a ir ly la r g o 3 b e ­ droom house b u ilt IO U . Has been m oved, le veled , and set on con­ c re te b lo c k s ; lo oks te r rib le , ne paint, no w indow s loft. but inside paneling is b e a u tifu l! S27So. Call 
1-3o3-4434 evenings.______________ 
V ery nice 3 b d rm , 2 both fo r sale lo b t m oved. 337-444o 
We Buy Houses To BE M oved 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

 r i f tBAILWOOD 

Now and exciting acreage on 
IN IO about 3 mi. post loan 
Springs, a toto! af 15 mites north pf Wonderland. Drive agt and sop this weekend, or 

 upper level pf Control Fork 
Mall. 

• I Vt to 3 Acre Wooded Homo­ sites, from $7,15o 

• Hilltop Vistas, Swooping Vol toys 
• New Homes Now Under Con­ struction 

• IS Tem Tract financing Avail able 
DON SMITH CO 
BROKER 

6o4-2241 
6o4-2433 

BASIC HOME 

Now complettd rn 
Chaparral 
(rook Addition in loom# Custom burt! with energy windows. 2x4 roflets ond ceiling joist 
Fully packed with insulation 
1oo% masonry Tho frills of carpet ond 

 o k conditioning hove boon loft out to keop tho price at 54o,9oo 
The obove con bo added im whatever the cost might be 
21o FAWN VALLEY DR. 

GEORGE 6 QUICK BUROW 
I + 249-2678 or 2494545 
242 S. Main, I mp two, Tx. 

226 sum m a TO TTY 
San Antonio E X P R ES S -N EW S — Saturday March 19 1 9 7 7 
Page I 5-D 

SOUTHEAST 
228 RESORT PROPERTIES 
L a v o rn ia School D is tric t. I acres, — — — 
— — 
■ 
On tv HOO down ond easy term s 
H B P R E A L E STA TE , 927 7441. 

SPRING IS HEREI 
R E A L L Y e n ie v it an tw o a c re s r iv e r fr o n t. P eca n a nd C y p re s s tre e s , g a r d e n s o il a n d lu s h grasses rig h t dawn to the w ide. clean and cle a r G uadalupe Close in N orth R o be rt Sm ith 4o1 2o41. 
4o4-677 7 _________________________ 

BY O W NER 7S A CRES 14 m ile s sou th aa t i Loop 41o on h ig h w a y 14. 
O nly 3 y e a rs old. A ll b ric k 3-3 h om o. L A R G E R O O M S . S w im ­ m in g pool. 2 s to ry m e ta l b a rn . 
Ir r ig a tio n w e ll a nd e a u ip m e n t 
F is h in g p on d 
L a r g o o ak a nd h ic k o ry tre es. W ith 2o a c re s of co a sta l 
D e er. q u a il, a nd dove. eau 
?24-6S7t or 
1-742 3o94 for pp pointm en! 

 f MONEY-WISE? 
Th##» you wGn’f want t# miss this biiyf 3 bedroom, I bolti. 

 coi"8BOtto^d to#ic8#t yard covarod patio. Cm mm 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

 l 6 7 3 - Q 1 3 1 SSL 
“ 
R S I 

FIRST HOME 
J -l'r-1 , new p aint ca rp et, ce n tra l, trees, fence 
424-o441 
734 1746 
$34 443* 
WATSON » SON R E A LTO R S 

6o TO COUNTRY 
Live in th is 2-1. c e n tra l heat and la rg e tre e s , m o s ia c ta b le w ith bench BSQ . la rg e fa m ily ro o m . liv in g and d in in g ro o m c o m b in a ­ tion S it OOO 
Van Buren & Assoc 
444 7171_______ 694 S49* 
499-oo64 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 

ON THE GUADALUPE 

ARE HARD TO FIND 

W e hove severol, eoch with 

 a high area for building ond 

 eoch with a gentle slope to river. From $ 1 4 ,o o o . 8% , 

I 2 year financing available. 

Highly restricted. 
Coll for 

Appointment to see! 
NBG REAL 
ESTATE 

7 3 3 - 1 3 o 9 

 l l + a cre s on FM S74 
N ear S om erset, o w ne r c a rry 
S A N T E X CO , R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 

By ow ner, I? a cre s, c o m p le te ly fo o te d , d eep w e ll, 3 b e d ro o m 
M obile Hom e w ith 16x24 F lo rid a 
Room , storag e b ld g . b a rn , hay shed on 
County 
Rd 
S3?. SOO 
? » S -.4l4 j 
B Y O W N E R . E ast C ent. School 
Dish, nice hom e and a cres 
433-oo24_______________ 
C A L D W E LL C O U N TY 
75o ACRES 
T w e n ty -five m iles to A u s tin , s ix t y h v * m iles to San A ntonia, seven m iles to L o c k h a rt. 44o a c re s in c u ltiv a tio n , e xce lle n t fences and cress fencing. Six pends, re ttin g te rra in . E x c e lle n t c a ttle ra n c h . 
IS S I p e r a c re . P h o n e H o m e r 
W ebster 
S12-3?2-?479 a r 
$12-393 2544 

3-Story, 4 bedroom , fire p la c e w ith h e a ta ia to r. a ll elect. B la n co Ca. 
$4o,ooo. 
J im 
Ashley 
R ealty 
224-7774 
Take up paym ents on % a cre NW to r hom e b u ild in g . W a te r, c ity u tilitie s M r. F a lter, 67? 722? 
2 to 4 a c re s n o r th . M o b ile s , h o rs e s , o k . SSO d o w n , IJS.S S monttHy, to ye a rs. M otge.342 .2SU 
24 TO IS ACRES 241 N 
Surround yo u rse lf w ith the beauty and tho pea cefu ln ess of the h ill c o u n try on a ny one of those six scenic h ill co u n try tra c ts P rice s fro m 114oo p er acre. F in a n cin g , re strictio ns. IS m in. fro m Son A n ­ to n io . 
F L Y IN G 
R 
A L T Y 
I 434 7439, evenings I 499 2793 

CANYON UKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

 loke facilities ond boot ramps neoi by Fonoramk news, mony tora* ort hoes 518oo pet acre ond up Sell 3o% below market vote* Up to 15 years to pay ot 
8% . 
For a p p o in tm e n t call 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

232 FABIS U S RANCHES 
232 fABUS AND RANCHES 
232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

I TD 5 ACRE TRACTS 
N.W. S A. near FM 471 ond 14o4. 
W ell re s tric te d , c e n tra l w a te r, paved stre e ts, p ric e s v e ry co m ­ p e titiv e 
G o o d te r m s 
L A - 
K EC R O FT 
R E A L 
E S TA TE , 
343 144 
I to 3 Wooded Ac. fo o d w it. N et 
S A. Just outside B exa r Co. 
492-94)6 H, Castle R ealty 733 66o2 

CANYON LAKE 

W tfM lfV N Sobdtsrisio# 

PRIVAT! AMA WITH SKUtlTY 

Owner setting 78oo Sq ft, split level, lokoviow % rock ond Vt cedar home 3-2 VV boths • 2 tor goroge 
Control hoot ond ok, carpet, drapes, lorge family room with cathedral ceiling, brephic* 

 ond 
Many Extras! 
CAU 1-899-7856 ANYTIMC 

12oo + ACRES 
49 milos from city limits of Son An tonlo. toNing live oak hills, strong native grasses, good femes Priced et $35o per ocrt with 29% down, 
15 years on Menace et 7%. 
45o ACRES 
Western tandem County Excellent ploce tec the person who wonts thot For odic* of th# end of the rood . Hunters cabin with dec tricity, beautiful rolling hills, doep canyons with deep springs. A hun tee s porodh* with White Toiled 
Deer. Wild Turkey, lussion loot. ond stocked with exotic Mock luck 
Antelope. Pnctd at $495 per aero, 
79% down at 7V,%. 

 a a u $ iv i 
SHOWN IV APP T. 
JOHN R. LANGFORD, 
KAITOB 
698-2111 
1 796-3938 

SWT FARM & RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPtOXIMATUT 76oo ACKB b i. lA SAILE CO With Frio live* hon tog* 
7 nice mobil* homos forage. hunting stands, numerous smelt fields Excellent hunting ond fishing Smell por­ tion or minerals. o65 per (ere with good terms 

AIS ACKS U SAU! CO. H 
Mile bu et es throe frontage, 5 milos West of (etui* 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overlooking smob toke Excellent hunting sod fishing with many good improvements VV minerals 
A roo! showplace $8oo per acre with good owner financing ll ! m a s — I —879-2759 
P.O. la x $63, CotwBa, Tx. 
78o14 

TEXAS VETS 

Call u* about o ur c te s e in ru ra l p ro pe rtie s 3 OOO A cres 
Seitz A Assoc, R e alto rs 424 2341 

22 a c re s on L u c k y R oad. L y tle 
Te xoi. Sell P o rt o r A ll 923-11oo 
4 ACRES -4, o n ly m in u te s fro m 
NW Loop 41o, 1oo% native stone 
24oo sa ft., 3 b e d ro o m , 3 b a th , double g arag e borne su rro u n d e d by over log to w e rin g trees, com- p io to iy m o d e rn iz e d , im m e d ia te possession. 191,ooo 411-o44o. 
RED CARPET 

I Acres. OOO' on p e rm a n e n t cre e k, huge trees. 2ml Canyon lake. J im 
Ashley Reol i y 224-7774 

5 ACRES OR MORE 
N e a r C a la v e ra s L o k e B e a u tifu l o a k s , g a rd e n s o il. O w n e r f in ­ anced 
E asy te rm s . B ill H a rp e r 
494 7412, 344-2114 
134 ACRES: R ip Medina on 
R ive r, SI SOO A cre . 134-6711 

CANYON LAKE 
By O wner. 2 acres w ith la ke view , b e a u tifu l oak tre e s . O n p a v e d ro a d n e a r b oa t ro m p 
U tilitie s available 
O wner w ill finance. 
1-49? 2744. 
_________ _ 
CHOICE A C R E A G E 
I ta l l a cres lu st lis te d . 4 m iles fro m B o e rn e , q u a rte r m ile o ff h ig h w a y 
B e a u tifu l s e c lu d e d building sites, not in sub-dtvision 
Homestead 
694-27o7 nights 
I 4741 

COUNTRY DREAM 
M ln l- r o n c h w ith 
4 a c re s . 
3 -y e a r-o ld 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th home out Bandora Rd and clo s* to M edina Lake. In the 4o'$. CaH now. 444-72oo 
C E N TU R Y 31 Schngldgr R eoil? 

TWIN SISTERS 
S S a c re s H illto p , see fo r e v e r. 
14791 w ith ow ner fin an cin g tor up to 2o y e a n at I S This piece of 
H ill C ountry ranch is a b a rg a in ! 
Tho ra n c h e r has owned this land to r 2o y e a rs a nd d e s ire s q u ic k sale P a rce l No U H B C . R E A L 
E FT.* .™ 
W ATER tea down paym ent, 19* p er m onth, targe hom e site on ru n nin g crook w ith la rg o trees, located in sm all re s tric te d s u b d iv is io n o u t Bon- dero H ig h w ay, co ll 1-147-5o12 

65’ WATERFRONT ON 
G uadalupe 4 44xo m obile tu rn concrete pier, peeons, hideaw ay 
•2* o441 
734-1764 
734 4117 
WATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 
I w a te rfro n t o c re t. on sp rin g ted c re e k in e u r ra n c h , b ig tre e s , b e a u tifu l w a te r , 
1421 d o w n paym ent. 
S*7 49 per m o 
Coll 
734-95?* 
_________ 

JUST LISTED 
H uge 2 bedroom , fire p la c e in liv ­ ing room , b ase m e nt, on lo v e ly . q u ie t s tre e t in H ig h la n d P a r k . 
T erm s open 444-4444 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A LTO R S_________________ M LS 
7o3 M o r n in g v itw . n e a r M a r tin 
L u th e r K in g O r 
3 b e d ro o m . corner lot, 14,1oo S3* 1432_______ 
N ear M cC releso . h o m e -o fftc e , I b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , c e n tra l h e a t, fu lly c a rp e te d , c o rn e r lo t O n ly 
122.71o 
Bob 
K a d u ra . 
R e ottp r. 
132 o941__________________________ 
NEAR M C CRELESS. 4o3 W ard, 3 j b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , b u ilt- in s , de- ! to c h e d g a r a g e 
L a r g e p a tio , fe n c e d y a r d , p e c a n tr e e s . 
S p a c io u s , w e ll d e s ig n e d o n d clean $22,ooo VA or FH A . shown bv appt 
132-9oo3 P o n tiv p lv No 
Agents. 
' 
Nice 3 B edroom House on L a rg e 
Lot, 973 7414_____________________ J 
N o c a r n e c e s s a ry , id e a l r e t i r ­ em ent. a ttra c tiv e 3 b d rm house. | bus. shopping, d o c to r, d e n tis t, I blk le aving c ity 132-1o14________ 
O ffice-South Presa, buy this 7 be broom ond den. only 114,2oo V A, n o th in g dow n and re c e iv e 171o c a s h b o n u s fr o m s e lle r . B o b 
K oduro. R ealtor. 132-o941 

OFF IH 35 SOUTH 
M odern b ric k I bedroom . 3 b ain hom e. 71oo sa ft On 13.7 a c re s 
R u n n in g c re e k fe e d s 3 la k e * , 
144.ooo. 
M a x in e 
H a m m o n d 
133 7143, nites 134-747o 
BOB JO NES. R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 

O F F W W 
W H IT E 
N ic e 3 b e ­ droom , carpeted, fenced. Open 
T erm s 
924-4131 
HA S KIN S R E A L T Y 

3 OR 4 BORM Highlands 
B rick trim , 19oo soft c a rp e t central, co rn er, trees. 444-o473 
•24o441 
734-1744 
734 4117 
WATSON A SON R E A LT O R S 
O W NER A N X IO U S 
O nly 538.154 
F H A a p p ra is e d 
B r ic k 3-3-3. h e a t a ir, b u ilt i r s . c o v e r e d p a tio and m uch m ore. Call to r an a ppt 
333-4144 
N ile * 466-2747 
C entury 21 
SOUTH EAST R E A LTO R S 

PERSONALITY PLUS! 
This 3-3 3 is new on the m a rk e t se to k e a le e k ! C a th e d ra l c e ilin g , large den w ith fire p la c e and g o r­ geous new ca rp e t F o rm o l d ining o r liv in g 
E q u ity a n d a s s u m e 
N iles 424-7444 
D AV OR N IT E 455 4444 
Morton Southwest Realty 
St I.OOO 4 ro o m hom e, n ea t ond c le a n , la r g e lo t- 26% d o w n 
P aym ent w ill be ieee than HOO par month 
132-1241 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S s. B o lt Ole 

S K V L iN E _P A R K . 3 I CP, c o rn e r, carpel, 12oo down. $146 m o F ir tt paym ent June 

SPRING SPECIAL 

Country hying Boerne orca 
I deluxe hornet you better tee! 
■educed to bullpen coit for un mediate tote ond possession 

$$9,9oo reduced ta $49,9oo. 
$79,5oo reduced to $69,9oo. 

Cool living in oak studded setting, next ta loeme s new loke. 
C all co llect 
1-249-2382,249-2764 

GROWING FAMILY 
3-2, bra den, carpet, clean neat, la rg e tre e *, fence 
424-o441 
734-1744 
134 4439 j 
WATSON 6 SON R E A LTO R S 
H A R L A N O A L E A R E A . L a r g e o ld e r s ty le 2 b e d ro o m , n ice k it ­ chen, den w ith fire p lace , g arag e, double c a rp o rt and 3 ro o m a pt. 
Call fo r in fo rm a tio n . 
923-4327. 
924-1944 

R o n a ld W i l l i a m s o n 
HA TE Y A R D W O R K ? But like to buy yo ur own houser This 2 be­ d ro o m . t ( > b a th c o tta a e is th e a n s w e r to y o u r p ro b le m 
L o w equity and assum e 
St 7o m onth 641-o44o 
RED CARPET 

IM M A C U L A T E 3-3-2 in H e rita g e 
F o rm . C a r p e tin g , f ir e p la c e , dra pe s, som e a p p lia n ce s M u c h m o re l 475-2112 
RED CARPET 

 i 3-2' i-2 in H e rita g e F o rm 
F ire - 
, place in liv in g room , w e t-b a r in 
I den L arge m aster bedroom w ith 
I d re s s in g a re a 
A p p lia n c e s 
A ll this ond yo u r own p oo l, too Total o nce $43,9oo 
C entury 21 
R H RANSO M R E A L T Y 673 77(11 
\ L ip D E UUU 

 r a ^ « n n ' i e r i n r i h . d , « r AaGge. 
6 m iles ta B onner a " " a p 41o No 
I C a rp e tin g ft m t n e a g a r a g e t ? loc t i l m Anihiw Mn ce ntra l a ir hgot. covered patio in 

DEVINE REH TY 
Devine, Texas 
S A DtPBCl Urb 626-12oo 
ACREAG E H O M E S IT E S 
NW ot San A n to n ia in B e x a r. 
Comal. K en d all Co's. 1-14 a cres o r M ore 
DON SMITH CO 
694-744o 
B R O K E R 
694 2261 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
North, fenced, w e ll, co-op e lectric, w id e p a v e d ro a d 
V ie w m a n y m iles of d is ta n t m o u n ta in scen­ e ry . M u c h m e re . B o b S m ith 
694-2o93, o94-6777________________ 
2 41 A C R E H O M E S IT E an CUI de-soc in Stagecoach H ills , m in fro m UTS A 
Has w a te r, n a tu ra l gas. e le c tric ity On P ra irie M oun­ tain O r Sign on p ro p e rty $12,ooo 
Coll AIS 13o4_____________________ 

5.7o ACRES 
South B exa r C ounty, covered w ith trees, ow ner fin an ced . 
Land Locators ot Texas 
S A 447-l l 14, 447 1333 

IO ACRES " 
W ith m obile hom e, w ell and tan ks 
O nly 17 m i fro m Loop 41o. Also 
Texas V eterans lond A vail 
344-4244 
341-4544 
495-3113 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC 
IO a cre s w ith sm a lt hem e en i r ­ riga tion system B lack land L y tle 
Schools 517,ooo 924-o114. 337-4927 
H Y A T T R E A L .ES TA TE____ 
| AH R ack house on h ig h h ilt. 3.6 acres near Canyon Lake. 539,5oo. jim A shley R eal E sta te 444-4276 
A lm o s t IO a c re s a f T x 
H ill 
C o u n try , e le c t, w ill se ll w ith o r w ith o u t 17' tr a v e l t r a ile r w ith 
I overhead sundeck 494-3196 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
1-663-4SS8 I N ill C ountry M obile Hom e site. 16 m in N o rth an San P ed ro . O nly 
621oo. SUO d a w n . 621.44 p e r m o n th . a t 4 % to r 144 m o n th s . 
T h is one w o n t la s t lo n g 
C a ll to d a y ! 494 3419 - L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E _______________ _ 

COUNTRYIDES 
F lo re s v ille a re a . 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , b ric k hom e, fa m ily ro o m and lots of e xtras. On 3 plus acres. 
542.ooo 
R oberta W hite 533 7143, 
333-4743 
BOB JONES. R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROPP 

CO UNTRY L IV IN G ! 
Big 3-2-den. huge fire p la c e , only 3 y e a rs o ld 
On I tr e e s tu d d e d acres B lacktop ro a d on 3 sides 
Fence, cross-fenced. 
349-45o3, 
494 2o4o 
Manna Worley Realtors 

COUNTRY PLACE 
A vaitoble in July. B ric k 3-2-2 w ith den a r a ttic e and la rg e k itc h e n , f a m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e 
3 a c re s w ith h o rs e f a c ilit ie s . 
616.ooo See it now ! CaH J im Hon le v b r a k e r , S A . d ia l d i r t c t 
497-3421, A nytim e 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497 3431 R E A L T ORS )6 4 )6 7 4 4 3 
E Q U IT Y FOR S ALE OR T R A D E s* A cre lei Scenic h ills, lot Ne. I. co rn er and view. 3 A cre s. S ilve r 
H ill* L o t Ne. 137 a n d 13o 
4.21 
A cre * B a rc ro ft E sta te, lo t Na. 149. 
COM 733-3433. 
_______________ 

WE 
C A N 'T 
B E G IN 
TO 
T E L L 
YOU 
The m a n y fe a tu re s in th is c u s ­ tom -built 4 bedroom 2-story hom e 
Located en 13 I acre s w ith m ao n iflc e n t v ie w L a rg e open liv in g area w ith m assive rack fire p la ce 
O ld -fa s h io n e d c o u n try k itc h e n w ith b u tc h e r-black bar, desk and b uilt ins 17x14 pam eroom , s p ira l staircase, b arn. c o rra l, stock tank plus separate goroge and w orkshop 654-4211 
RED CARPET 

M e d i n a l a k e i i>« Ac 
L iv e oaks. b e a u tifu l v ie w . CaH N ies- todt, 732 1427 o tte r 4 p m 
M E D IN A L A K E B V 6 w N £ t i . w a ter fro n t lot. on pebble boo th, w a te r and e le c tric ity a v a ila b le 
1-751-2S95 o r 454-o795.__________ 
M E D is t il R IV E R F R O N T A C T o v e r 333 t i. r iv e r Iro n ta g e . 3-2 home, ce n tra l heat and a ir. B eau­ tifu l trees, m ust sec ta a pp re cia te . 
644-4211 Or 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
N ew C anyon L a k e hom e in V II- lope Shores. P ric e reduced 63ooo by bud de r b ro k e r, 21oo sa ft tor 
662,ooo 
L o t# horn# 
R ealty 
I 964 319o 
PO R T A ra n sa s, I la b d rm * , tx - tra s . la rg e lo ft, e le c tric b u ilt-in kitchen 112 271 4516 a tte r 7pm 
P ric e re d u c e d 115oo, w e e k e n d hom e a t C a nyo n L ake , 521.ooo. 
Lakehorne R ealty I 944 319o 
R e tre a t F ro m R at b o c e ,'d r iv e 
H w y 
241 
N b e y o n d S p r in g d ro n e d to a huge golf b all, tu rn rig h t and fa llo w a rro w s to C y ­ press Cove. e nte r re so rt ond tu rn rig h t to Is l house en the rig h t 3 bedroom s. 2 sundecks. carpeted. tu rn . c o m m u n ity te n n is c o u rt, s w im m in g pool and l ’ r b lk s to 
G uadalupe R iv e r. 624.5oo. Open 
House Sot-Sun 

HILL COUNTRY 
RANCH 
23o Acres 
Near Bergheim 

 leouhful view, only 25 min from loop 1oo4 Several smoi Melds, cross fenced for cattle 
D. B. HARREII CO. 
226-5171 

128 ACRES live Oak Ce SN brush, good hun ting, FM road frontage, some minerals $395 per acre 
292 ACRES 
South of 
Folfumos 
Excellent hunting Owner financing MI or port $425 per nae 
VESTLAND 
8 8 4 - 1 o 1 5 

43 ACIES On pavement, near W35 with hill tap view, ai u t! avo* ond owner financed 
IOO 4 4CIE5 with tank, lorg* Ufos, with creek droning* end lots el door Owner financed 
484 KIE river ranch with many im pc ovens* fits. minerals intact ond bos some gas production ExcoRonl for cattle ond Hunting 
O U T T H & M R S O N 
B IA L IS T A H 
1o3 lo Fteza Mete. Seguin tx 
458 8444 
Eve J 374 7512 or MU SMITH I 379 o189 Eve 

 l f y o u I lk * b ir d h u n tin g a n d horses, call us! We have se veral tra c ts in E ast B exor County 
AH h a v e w a te r , e le c t r ic it y , ro a d fro n ta g e e ast c e n tra l s ch o o ls, and na city taxes. 
Land Locators ot Texas 
S A 447 1154. 447 1333 

 u p p e r Sa b i n a l c a n y o n 
141 a cres-creek dense woods 
! 
J K. L E IG H T O N . R E A LTO R S 
V onderpoot, 74441 
112 944 34oo 
W A b R I & ifW t N S ? ---------- 
1 u n s p o ile d t i l a c re h ill c o u n try 
I ranch near Pipe Crpek Tx. P le nty of ru n n in g s p rin g w a te r. Site of old Indian c a m p gro u nd V e ry un roue W ill sell IO acres. Jim T a y lo r 
824449o w i {A h i iE L L VoUR--------- 
RANCH F A R M OR HOME 
IN THE H IL L C O UNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A L T Y 
Boerne. Tx 74oo6 
249 2116 or 249 3 31 4 _____________ 
Whist type B a n i h do you w o o l’ 
RANCH M A R K E T 224 1144 
R I I Box 221, Son Antonio, 74214 

WORKING RANCH 
I W ill s e ll a ll o r p o rt 
411 a c re s 
: sa nd y lo om and b la c k la n d 
14o 
I a c re s ir r ig a te d 
A P P R O X . 6oo a cre s in C a o s la l B e rm u d a 
A p ­ prox. 2oo acres peanut a llo tm en t. 
I houses 41oo sari m odern d a iry barn 14 inch irrig a tio n w ell 66oo 
I ti riv e r fro nta ge Tonks w ith fish. 
M a n y o th e r Im p ro v e m e n ts in ­ clu ding 4.ooo sari ra n ch house l l m iles fro m SA. m ile fro m tow n i Term s, ow ner c a rry . 
349-41o3. 
494 2o4o 
Manna Morley Realtors 

234 FARMS FAR RUT 
E 5 c 

 f o r m ond Ranch L isting s W anted g ra zing $1 per a cre beer hunting 

IH ? ^ o s v T m ? O M e pasture. stables 161 333 2741 3)3-4847 
P a s tu re fo r L e a s e . 

IO A cres o r la rg e r w ith in 41 m iles el San A ntonio W rite fu ll details ond prices 
E D G O Z A . R E A L T O R . 
414 M cC ullough Ave.. San Anton la. 
T e x . 
227-4141. 
422 11oo. 
o26 1614__________________________ 

FUTURE INVESTMENT 
J I7 4 a cres fro n tin g leo* and FM 
1917 S eller w ill d iv id e and con sid e r fin a n c in g w ith re a son ab le down paym ent 

Land Locators of Texas 
S A 447 I 'M . 447 1333 
12o areal h u n tin g a cre s, l l 2? in 

 low equity, assum e p aym ents, 
I 434 2254 
W IB T Zd 'M U L H * 6 * ¥ i 'TV 

- I per acre. 1°. down paym ent. 7»*% sim ple in te re st w ith 2o ye ar term s a vailab le , coll tor in fo rm a tio n 
734 7944 
T S C R T rT n e a I 

W H AT A B E A U T Y ' 
5 bedroom sprit-level custom b u ilt hom e w ith option of I or 33 acres 
M a n y n a tiv e tre e s . M a s te r b e ­ d ro o m is 21x23 w ith fire p la c e , d re ssin g p ro a and b a lc o n y - J > b a th s , o p e n liv in g g re o w ith second fire p la c e , la rg e c o u n try kitchen w ith m any cabinets and 2 p a n trie s . B a rn , c o rra l. 2 s la c k tanks, b ric k barbeque ond m uch m are C all 454-4211 
RED CARPET 

WHERE IHE DEER PLAY 
I t a c re s w ith view , le nce d and cross fenced 2 bedroom . I bath re s id e n c e , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
M u st see! O nly 637.4oo L u c ille 
B ierschw ole 344 2341. 344 514? 
BOB JO NES. R E A L i ORS 
KEY GROUP 

2o A C R tei, H w y fro n ta g e , bouse pens. w e ll. co asta l, n e a r N ixo n 
_ _ _____________________________ 
124.ooo M C R itchie, 1147 1!SO 
, 
H i v e rm o n t p ro p e rty , m u s t se ll. e h A cres" M e d in a 'd o "ra n c h ' bv ftT u T 
............................... 
" ........." * * ow ner 31 m ilos W of S A Good 
K E R R V IL L E fences, w a te r, house SISO a c re 
4 bedroom . 2 bath, lodge, tennis for im m ediate sate Fenced in to 4 c o u r t 
On 21 a c re s c r m o re 
A ra n s a s P ass a r P o rt A ra n s a s j s e p a ra te 1o1 a c re tro c ts . g oad j $1oo,ooo I 444-3471 
DO UG LAS A N D E R S O N 
1 term s $34-o917, $34-5443 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
*o1 G ordina ______________73i-t34,2 Alls A l i t i." M 'm U p s n a rfk ai H IL L 
CO U N TR Y 
'S a b in a l 
I ' i m ile s e t S a b in a l I 
D . u r u 
R ive r. 4 w ells, excellent deer and 
K A r i L . f i tu rk e y h u n tin g SISO p e r a c re 
N ear J u n c tiO ri-9 7 o Acres 
B alance 1$ ye ars a t 7% i 2 weds w ith concrete stock tanks. 
141 A C R E S . 12 m ile * n o r th OI ; Good b arns, c o rra ls , fences. Lot* 
S abinal 
E x c e lle n t h u n tin g $45o per acre. Good term s 
3oo A C R E S . IO m ile s s o u th o f 
D 'H a n is Good fis h in g and h u n t­ ing 
Some coastal and so rg h u m gross 
$4oo per acre w ith good term s. 
I$2 ACRES. I m iles west of Hon do 
S m a ll ta n k . good d e e r a nd dave hunting $7oo per a cre w ith good term s 
473 A C R E S . 14 m ile s n o rth of 
Hondo V ery nice cabin, good well and c o rra ls 
E x c e lle n t deer and tu r k e y h u n tin g 
$52$ p e r a c re , 
29% down 
19$ ACRES, 4 m ile * N w ol Cos tra v iile Good w ell. strong spring, good hunting $7oo per ocre, 29% 

 rig h ts $2 a d d itio n a l p e r a c re . 
A v a ila b le A p ril Is l. C N 
P o c k , 
R T 
7, B o x $37 F , 2397? O ld 
Plesosonton Rd 

23S COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 

5.6 BEAUTIFUL ACRES ON » 
I 
SAN ANTONIO RIVER 
* 
I 19oo Blk Prado od! Street 41o ft I 
^ fronting nver I her# n no other . 
? trod this UY* et tim (heap closer . 
T re downtown 
Zoned I cora J 
_ menial. Price 3S< per sg ti * 
J terms 
Ideo! foe dub. port? * 
J house, doctor s dime. religious * 
* orgont/ohon, itstauroni en 
* 
* 
CARLOS SANCHEZ a fxcfusf va Agent 

* 
2 2 2 - 1 o * 2 

Water Front Lets 
Oak Ridge E states on Lake LB J. 
L o ts s ta rtin g a t $$,oo4. a b o u t 7 m iles fro m M a rb le F a lls o ft 241. 
O w ner w ill fin a n c e , c a m p in g on lots p e rm is s a b le 
F o r In to C oll 
112-194 5311 ar 194-244o 
W aler F ro n f Lof, io u th s id # to n - y o n L a k e , m a g n ific e n t v ie w . 
111.ooo cosh By owner. I 421-4142. 

23o LOTS 

A TOUCH OE CLASS 
R eally nice hom es re a dy ta r ac cupancy n ea r H igh School I b e ­ d ro o m s . 2 b a th s , fa m ily ro o m s w ith fire p la c e * , c a rp e l, c e n tra l heat and a ir. R easonably p ric e d fro m $39.$oo. w ith as little as $% down 
249 354$ o r 249 2474 
242 S M A IN 
B O E R N E . 
T E X 
B M. George Reoliy 
A T T E N T IO N R E A LTO R S 
12 A c re s w ith H a w s * o n d O u t b u ild in g , in th e M a rio n A r t e . 
C A LL Betwoon 6 6pm . to r d eta ils 

!1 2 t2 & I ’ ________________________ 

Guadalupe River Frontage 
B e a u tifu l w a te r. B y appt o n ly . 
W eekdays 494-1274 o r 494-3444 ask fa r B etty. Sat -Sun 497-3751 ask tor B etty or N o rm a n 

HANDYMAN’S DREAM 
L ah etron t pecan*. 2 w ells 
14.44 ac. 3-i stucco, nice 
424-o46$ 
714-1744 
114 4439 
" A 
* 9 " . 
Helotes Creek Ranch r . r r r . i ' r v . r - ' V . r r . : : 2?« k m h t wopttiTits te rm s , tin o n c in p a v a ila b le CaH a nytim e 349-41o4. 341 4161 

BANDERA 

W INDW OOO ESTA TE S 
S eve ra l new lis tin g s et CHO ICE tats, am ong green va lle y s ond oak rilled hiHstdes F ro m I la I a cre s 
Fin a ncin g a vailable 
HoimstBad Realty 
494 27o7 nights 491 4241 

WOULD YOU BELIEVE 
; A p p ro x im a te ly 12 a c re s S euth- 
: east 14o4 w ith toil ti. tra n to g *. 
O wner financed 
344-424o 
341 4144 
444 1744 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E in c ; 

YOUR WALTON’S MOUNTAIN 
A p p ro x 44 a cre s, h ig h e s t e le v a ­ tio n I co u n tie s. E x tra s . 7% B y 
O wner 43* 27o4__________________ 

5 ACRES-CHURCHILL 
H e a vily wooded I a cre tra c t en 
C a d illa c O r C o n v e n ie n t to Can- yon C reek C o u n try C lu b . C h u r­ c h ill High 
INVESTO RS R E A L T Y 
124 1441 
M r 
Chocon 
344 *292 
3 acres w ith oaks, e xclusive arca . ideal to r developm ent F a t grow m g o rca su rro un d s m a ture suburb 
MAC R E A L E S TA TE 424 2121 
S h a v a n o 
B e a u tifu l o ak tre e s 
P a r k 
L a r g e 
15ox214. 
B ikcw o y 492-2211__________ 
1o4 

H ill Country, n ea r C anyon Loke, 
4-4- a cre *. $2ooo e qu ity and $4o a mg A tte r * 653 $744_______ _ 

 lenced y a rd . 475-21 $2 

 c ity tox#$ $2,19$, $22 m o n th ly No m obile* B ill E s te x 341 1941 

RED CARPET 
I ACRE— MW 

 a h b r ic k 1 -2 -t. c a rp e t, s te v e . dishw asher, d rapes C overed p a ­ tio and p riv a c y fence By O w ner- 
Low equity Cow *73 23*7______ __ 
Assum e. 3 b ed ro om 
I b a th , en 
GHI*tty Ave SHOO equity 
G EORGE 
SM ITH 
R E A L T Y 
914-6174 
_ 
A T R A N S F E R te r c e t o w n e r ta sell clean I l l in H e rita ge F a rm eau 144 5577 ar 341 4216 
C R A B TR E E R E A L T Y 
B E H IN D V A L L E Y H I M A L L i bedroom s. 2 baths. $2oo dawn. 
*96 742o S LA TE R B L T V 344-E91* 

SUY YOUR OWN H O M B ' 
N othing dawn, ne closing 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 
*76 1491 
A N Y T IM E 
*23 >7|4 

BJ O W NER 
R B A U T IF U L L V L A N D S C A P E D . 
J 2 2. paneled den. b ro o k le t! b a r. s p lit le v e l, liv in g d in in g a re d . c o m e d ia l c e ilin g . S k y lig h t en- tra n c e c o u r ty a rd , e x tr a la rd # co yer cd p a il* , p riv a c y to n e * an sm all Cut De Sac rn A dam s HiHs. near L ackla n d K elly and school*. 
Assum e Loan 519,MO a l 7<* plus 
64,ooo ta u tly m onthly a m it 6263. 
B * Appl O nly 471 453*. 

 by twiner 
I bedroom . J b am in 
V A L L E Y HIG H NO R TH C e ntrbt hea l a ir. N o rth e rn * sch oo l*, taw equ ity and a iig m t P d y m a n it at i m mo ♦ 
________ 
3 I C A R P O R T in 
V a lle y H i 
I t Pe i e l* hying, d in in g and to n 'll» room s 
L a rg e tre es and teheed 
Pr.ee ill.OOO 
C entury 21 

R R RANSOM R I A L t y 41SJJ11 
I I ' l l 
C e n lrc l d ir h e a l. St SM 
Tt y 'I t I ! >7 m g *11 *6*4--------------- 
C l O i i TO F E D M A R T 
3 I I. ceP trbi heal nathm a dawn. b a ttu xml t IM Anyone can b u y ' 
*7 *o 1 )1 
R E K lir a * E state 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A , a e r o * * s tre e t fro m h igh school, 2 -s ta ry rock, w ill need rem odeling, could be 4 bedroom s 34oo ta It hom e or 4 u nit a pt P rice d ta te ll, c a ll new 
HU G H E S A BRISCOE 
914-4311 
R E A LTO R S 
333 9314 

K IN G S B O R O U G H R ID G E . l i t. 
SISO daw SUS m p H U R R Y ! 
1 J A J R E A L T Y 474 4M3 A n y tim e 
L A C K L A N D A R E A 
, VA OR ASSUM E $ '• in te re st ra t* 
3 2. d e n , c o v e r e d p a tio , im m a c u la te . 
D o u b le g a r a g e 
434 6791 a n y tim e Sue See* m d _ 
L a c k la n d T e rra c e . E y O w n e r. 
I 1-2 2. c e n tra l h ea l a ir. c o v e re d p a tio , la rg e fenced y a rd . to o ** 
I A u s tin p in k s to n e , 
624.4oo 
I 4E4-4o4Q OW I 

LACKLAND TERRACE 
! I b e d ro o m , c e n tra l a ir, fe n c e d . 
Nothing down to anyone 621,975 
474-4126 
RAE "«<»* E state i M C CO LLUM H IG H . I bedroom . I bath en a q uie t street, e x c e lle n t 
I c o n d itio n 
VA a p p ra is e d a t 
616.OM NP down. seller w ill pay all d o s in g costs 
> 
HUG HES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 
R E A LTO R S 
671 o696 
M c C o llu m . V A a p p r a is e d a l 
111,4oo w ith new root. re a l nice 3 b e d ro o m en cut de soc 
A g oad buy. ca ll now, ow ner anxious 
H UG HES A BRISCOE 
*14 4331 
R E A LTO R S 
471 o491 
N E A R L A C K L A N D 
B a rg a in H u n te rs 
D e lig h t O nly 
S U M e q u ity 
1 1 1 e x c e lle n t in ­ v e s tm e n t. goo d n e ig h b o rh o o d 
G reat school* Coll now 456 1214 
RED CARPET 

N E A R L A C K L A N D 
O u r b e s t b u y ! 3 bedroom . 2 bath, a ir. ca r 

 com fy and take ever p aym en ts et 
6141. *74-5411 
BED CARPET 

NO DO W N i l l C LO SIN G 
3 b t dream s, neat K elly SUS m o 
4*4 7*14 S LA TE R R LTY 344o936 
• w o rt Pleasanton Rd L ike new, I bedroom . 3 both, goroge 515,254 
Easy down 
921 1944 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 
OEF S W M TH. 3 -M . ca rp a l, o n* a ir u n it Low e q u ity , p a y m e n ts 
6131 m o , 6U .444 » r best o tte r 
I 
C h a rle s 
W a tts 
R ia l 
E s ta te 
111 2*14. I l l >351. 214-9144______ 
P alm Heights area ) b drm hom e. j a g ro te ca r p a ri bv o w ne r, seen bv opa l *74 1944 4/4 *441 OW I 

4H>ATToII HEIGHES* 
E x ir a p ic * l i t. c e n tra l h e a t. 
' c a rp etin g three eat P H A V A- 
Diurnal* Properties tit-3 3 3 4 
881 o153 
R E F R E S H IN G L Y C L E A N , w ith c a rp e t th ro u g h o u t 
T re e ! v e e r tam tty ie this h em * in H e rita g e 
F o rm 434 2141. 
RED CARPET 
R E A L lQ R j------------------ 
SELL THE CA R ! 
Walk I# South P ark M ari end take bus ta w o rk N e * p o in t in ] be pi earns, paneled d ining N e ttlin g down YA Cuddlier then re d it 
B R IG H A M Rfc AL I Y 41 i 1*41. 
S PA N IS H SY T i i B R IC K 
I B t dr com . I 
. Bath*, breathe# 3**34 p a rty roam . ta x i* coveted p o t’#. stud* ce ntre ! hedt end ow O'Sk washer rang# end even c a rp e tad throughout 
$4* SM 
Cell O w ner 
I '42 1*11 
SPICE WOOP f » • c e e lre l h e a l eit . ra n g e c o v e re d p a tio 
S IS * me 7% in te re s t I U 254 o r b est otter 
C ooties W a tt' Real E state 
712 )911. I l l 6566. »|4 4 IM 

O ak tre e s , p a v e d s tre e ts , e le c ­ tric ity . telephone 
V e ry c lo s * in but no city taxes. 54,995. t i l l Es te x 341-5*41 
_______________ 

*/4 ACRE NW 

I m i. south of tow n, I ac en o h ill a s k in g . $ 2 .4 *5 . w ill c o n s id e r otte r*, t i l t 
Hughes, b ro k e r, 
342-1441 

BARGAIN ACREAGE 
IN 14 ACRE TRACTS. 514,444 to 
121.444. c lo *# in . o u t 241 n o rth , b e a u tifu l trees, m ea Pows. h u rry 
. ond eau Irm o 

HIU COUNTRY 
21 w ooded o c re s n e a r R o o m # , beautiful split le vel 4 bed ro om I bain. split le vel hom e. 2ox34 den w ith nude fire p la c e (w e n d s et wood all reodv c u t one stacke d ). 
24x24 hobby re a m pius 2 b edroom que st house, o il th is a nd m u c h m ere SI 59,44o 344-4144 

A B eautiful 
CANYON LAKE 
O H ILLS ID E LOT - B E A U T IF U L 
V iew • *1*4o Easy Term s 
O Lorge Lot - Trees N ear Lake 
And boot ro m p 
Easy T erm s 
Copt. E. Jones 

V I I 671 I 
IS p e re s p l C a n y o n L a k e pp 
P aved road w ith vie w O w ner fin ­ anced 
Call 
424 4421, 
241 2941. l i t ! ? * ! 

P aved s tre e ts , e le c tr ic ity , te le ­ p h o n e . d o s e to U T 5 A , M o d 
Center No c ity taxes. 61**5, S it m onthly 
Ne m obiles 
B ill Essex 
341-5441__________________________ 
Ite A c r e . O ak V illa g e N o rth , 
59,444- best o tte r Coll 43* 24*4 
I 4 o c re on M e d ina R iv e r above th * dom . m i fro m th * riv e r, w ater m ain rig h t ta the lot. 534o4 coUqct I 2*9 2446 Boerne_________ 

WILSON CO. 

. . I A C R E S No D ow n 
L a k e L B J , 
G r a c e A r n o l d - 1 t r a y , ,t,m< 

31o ACRES, R iv e r B ottom , tan k, fenced a pp ro x $975 per acre. l i q A C R E S , fe n c e d , IS a c r e peanut allo tm en t, tank. P M 2179, approx $475 p er p e r* CPU V era. 
COMAL CO. 
1>« A C R E , 12 m ile s tra m Lae# 414 out 241 N., u tit 54.OM C all V tr a . 
BEXAR CO. 
B ACRES 
A L L OR P A R T • 674* P ER ACRE 
Only m in fro m boat ro m e a l Can­ yon Lake O w ner w ill fin an ce at 
4% sim ple 
B ill Hughes. B ra ker. 
142 IMO 
24 A cres at 64*1 a c re o ff 21 IN, 
P re tty o aks, e x c e lle n t h u n tin g jim Ashley Real E s ta t* 444-4274 
• acres, held, lu st south pf B exar 
Ce. 674o4 Bell 226 231*__________ 

S O U T H S ID E S c h o o l D is t r ic t . 
2o* 41 A e r * * w ith 2 -6 to ry ro c k hem *. 4-1 fire p la c e . U til 34 a cre s coastal. A ll im p ro ve m e n ts O w ner 
C orry CaU V ero 
OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
I ACRE H ill Tog, b ea utifu l view 
U tilitie s , O w n er a nxio u s. SS.444 
Con Annette 
I 3o9 ACRE, reduced. $4,444 Coll 
Annate. 

IN C O M E A N D L O V E L Y H O M E com bination I ' > o cre s. IO m itts south Loo# 414 3M pooch tre e s new peaking 25x1 l f a ll e le c tric greoMhouse F a rm in g and w a te r mg equipm ent in c lu d e d in p ric e 
A pp ro x 2,344 sa t i b ric k 3 be dream . 3 beth house w ith a ll alec in c k itc h e n w o o d -b u rn in g f ir e ­ p la c e . c a rp e te d a n d d ra p e s 
W ater well, la rp e oak tre e *, chain lin k fen ce . S ilo , 444 
S hew n b v opal only. Sam C am pbell, b ro k e r 
< *"> * * - W i U H L * ? . I H I -------- 
JUST REDUCED 
O w n e r m u s t s a lt, I 14* o c re s north $4,oo4 C ell A nnette 
Van Buran A Assoc 
644 7171 
3*4-1o49 
344 7122 

IS ACRES 
SCENIC LOOP 

Go w ith this b e a u tifu l 4 bedroom c u s to m -b u ilt ro c k h om e 
L o rg e fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , e lec­ tric kitchen, h u g * oaks CaU ta se* now 349 4274. 42* 1271 
JIM VIA REALTORS 

12 ACRES ga w ith this *4o4 sa ft 4-2’ i hem * 
Large den. 3 reek fire p la c e *, of tic *, study, etc E x c e lle n t fencing 
No reasonable a tta r refused M ust sell by A p ril IS 
Land locators Bl Texas 
S A 447 tis * , 447 1333 a c tin e o n d ro n g # 
O n ly U T I 6 
( l f * t r M , in q ra m H ilts Ing ra m , 
«wdl dwetaee nuar RftMIIIBIltc CS# 
« 
_____,. _ 
^ * mn. ___ 
?16 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
Tx 
K e r r v ille p re p 
61 544 p e r pere 3*»42?4___________________ 
I I a c re s in W O O D V A L L E Y 
ACRES 934 3)44 922*147 
* acres irrig a te d ta r rn land Coed s o il, n e a r h ig h w a y , w e ll f u r ­ nished. b e a u tify I v ie w et Texas h ills S641 daw n p aym en t 117 72 per m e O wner fin a n c in g e vailo- ble CgU ta r a pp ointm e n t 734 79*4 
I* Acres. I m i 
E ast et IH l l al 
N a ta lia . 6)4*5 p er a c re , fenced. 
WPM, Tex Vet *93 2134 
211 ACRES. 3 m ites tre m Son An- to n io . in C a rn a l C o u n ty , n e a r 
Crone C reek, u n im p ro v e d , Beau tifu l oaks. E lm s. S2So4 per acre. tai m s Bv O wner, I *21 *143 
I A C R E S n e a r B la n c o , $1144. lib e ra l fin a n c in g by ow ner i $34-447* 
_____________ 

22 ACRES 
N E A R B O E R N E en paved read 
A ll in e r s t * w ith ta r p # o a k * 
Fenced, stack tan k and stre a m 
Stable and watt Spacious, a ttra c ­ tive m o b il* hem e. 24 X *o 2 be­ droom , 3 bath, fu rn is h e d Suitable to r y e a r ro u n d liv in g 
C h o ic e b u ild in g s ig h t 
E x c e lle n t assum ption M ove rig h t m i 

2 ACRES 
OFF M i NO RTH Cam pi County 
Roved read, re s tn c te n s . e n m il horses Trees, m a rve lo us view 

Cen 
4*4 $22/ b V in ing s 49* 1744 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
B L Ac IO RS 
M U 

DACRES 
N ear Som erset C ountry H ung el 
Us best Have g u ld e n bad sum# th ic k e n s a n d b e a u tifu l lr * # * 
Cecil O rric k 
Own >m .in B rggy« 
'!> * » + 
I A cres el M»U C ountry Lend Ne 
•v e x ae>m um ss* m e *4 m i N el city jim A sh ie r Reg! Estate 
444 4IT* 

I 445 ACRES, s p rin g ted cre e ks. urn sn.4o4 Cpu G ary 
G R E Y F O R E S T . 4 245 A c re s , trees and creek, 54444 C all G o ry 
Van Buran A Assoc 
♦ 4 4 / m 
6*4:5f9* 
M !i£ L » 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
O ver 4 p e re * rn lh * HiU C o un try 
You cen see ta r m ile s . A little 
C O L O R A D O 
C o ll R e y W e e d. 
*97 1761 p f 422 9365______________ 
B e a u tifu l w e ed e d d ra p e ry w ith iron tag e en beth W aco S prings Rd a n d M a ry F r ie s * D r iv e t i t i a cres p ric e d SI4.5M New B ro un to ts . 
T x p h o n e J im R u le y . ; t *26 7377. I 615-4M5_____________ 
J B E D R O O M R O C K H O M E 
I a c re * 
F ire p la c e L e c a te d nea r 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 1M-717I i 
B L U E B O N N E T S o nd b u d d in g t r e e * ! O v e r 35 a c re s a f U t ' ; 
S p rin g tim e b e s t w ire fe n c e d . w ith b a rn o n d o u tb u ild in g * 
A n e w -ta rg e te d h e m * w ith sunken fa m ily ro o m w ith an e n o rm o u s fire p la c e ! 4 bedroom s. I baths 
679,954 
R E A LTO R S 
124 9*11 

G u y C h ip m a n ^ C o 

• BOERNE • 
I t i A C R E S w ith w a te r, c o a s ta l held*, new stables near IH IO 
4) ACRES. L a rg e bem e, per mon tn t creek, lu st n orth et S A 
4 ACRES, h illto p hem e, b e re one 

 r ^ E D MERGELE CO. 
R E A LTO R S 
IS I Sounders, Beer ne. Tx 
14* IS I*. 
249 ISM . 
24* 42*4 
$ A d ire c t im , l l * 9.,12_____ 

BOERNE AREA 
O L D E R 4 B E D R O O M . I h a th ra n c h hem e en to 1 1 a c re s w ith b e n i* , pens, sta b le * end fenced 
•nle I a e s tu re * O w ner fin a n c e d w ith exceUdht term s 

N A T IV E ROCH S I I w ith I tarde liv in g a re a w ith tire p ta c e p iu s 
3 * x 3 l g a rn e t su m g it en I oak covered a cres 1o4,544 

JUST R E D E C O R A T E D b ric k l l an > la rg o c ity lots, OM lenced. 
134. SM 

C O N V E N IE N T TO IM IO g u c k 
2 2 2 w ith sopurdt* I Cdr Pdrage tar th * nub#r n ! AM situated en *« a cre tai 
O utside c ity lim it* 

AMASON K U TY 
I SM ESM 

LAR GE b U IL O IN G SITE 
I m ile north tre m Loop N Of de s ire d Id C d tie n . d e e p s o il a n d wooded area W a ter, e le c tric ity and ana ne P aym en ts et 542 79 at 
7% s im p le in te re s t a fte r s m a ll down pm ! Le* F e lle r. 479 7129 

LET” 
J A 
DESS 
B ro ker. Buy or Sen to r You C all l i e n s / 
242-H23 
34**424 

INSIDE 16o4 
J o n e s - M a lt s b e r g e r fr o n ta g e north of Thousand O aks. 71 acres, reasonable 
Terms 
O w ners anxious 
J M C ullm an. R ealtor 
S II 344-234T 
BDR JONES. REALTOR 
NEAR BOE R N iir a creage ti ac t i 
Owner financed 
444-4211 c r 711 9941 
----- 
NEAR K E R R V Il LE 
14 a cre * w ith e le c tric w ire d cdhm 
Covered w ith spanish oaks • d ry c re e k g e e d D e e r h u n tin g I 
129 IOC O wner agent SU 133-4171 

U W M ?____________ 
NORTH 44- AC 
C enter, paved I side. bra tre e * 
•24-4*41 
7361/44 
7 34 411/ 
I NS?SM ,f, »2N W ID ISH 

NORTH SH ACRE 
O ui Van Pedro. IS m inu tes O aks, soil. view tar m ile * P aved read 
C o e d e le c tric 
64644, te rm s bv owner 
Bob 
S m ith. 
*94 24*3. 
444-4/// 
Older home. 2' a e t, C hine G rove u # t is f c . a > f .f i B i i z j i i A t y 
On 5 Acres LEON VALLEY b e o u litu l h em e**!* I t m in u te * I* 
I M edical Cantar 
O w ner anxious 
444 7244 
CE N TU R Y l l S chn e td tr R eally 
P LA T E D FOR Sub D ivision 
244 A cres eh F M I i l l 
S A N T IA C O ., R I A L T O ! * 

21 Beautiful acres in th* hilts, on the fa n ta s tic a lly clear Nueces 
R ive r, 4$ m iles N et U va lde 
Owner will discuss any Resenabie o tte r, a p p ro a c h in g 62,444 her o cre 
T erm s a re N e g o tia b le 
1)2 2/4-2712 All H r* eh Wknda 
I AW. f t m Rtah.-Fri. 
I bedroom. I ' > beth hem * with view et Canyon Lake. tireptace. beautifully landscaped *• acre lot 
$44,444 C all R E 
A M E R IC A . 
NOWOTNY REALTY 944 2/16 
Convon Lake, w a te rfro n t tot rn 
Village Shares, approx .41 acres. 
614.444 
L ak eh oms 
Realty 
I-4448144. 
CANYON L A K E -B Y OWNER 
6 acres en paved read overtook mg take. near beat launch Let* et tre e s , w a te r-e le c tric ity . w ill divide, finance 4*4 in ; , see u n 
CANYON LAKE 
M O H L E LOT 
14,4o4 sa It fantastic view Peal. ’ boat rom p near bv 51444, 5)44 down. 71 me at 121 42 APR 4% 
M E L M IL L E R 
784 2324 
CANYON SPRING RESORT, 2 tat*, back to bock. #o. approx 
<44Sa Ft Access ta recreational area Priced at V44o* I* 13754 wilt s*H Poth tor $24o4 ar $344o co 
348-MTT. j 

COLORADO 
«4 recreational ocres san Isabel! 
N a tio n a l P e r* * ! a rc a $11,oo6 awner wit! finance, eves 34* 4*2* 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , c h a n n e l view, fu rn ish e d hem * in P e rt 
Aransas Asbestos siding. I story. 
3 bedroom *. I baths. 3 car g a ra p * 
2 b lk s t* th * be a ch . $41,444 
731 44$$. 436*4/4 _____________ 

FOR RENT 
FRIO RIVER VACATION HOUSE 
AT LE AK B Y, TE K A S 
3 b e ­ drooms 2 baths privocv en clear waler sw im m ing and rishm p hoi* 
Cbmgietaiv tarnished References required bv day or week 
CaH 
I 511-8461444 
FOR RENT, Lovely 3 bdrm . tar pished h e m *, o v e rlo o k in g 6 A 
Bay rire p ta c*. a n y . deck, fish ing bird P aradis*, req rot SUS rn* 
65649171. 
FORT CLARK SPRINGS 
Membership Bor to m 694 /*»> 
FORT CLARK SPR INGS Mem ber sh ip 51o446 take ever am is 
W 13 mg »gt 53499 4564/ t i 
Ft C le rk Springs m em b e rsh ip and tatty bu cheese tat) 64SM Kent 
413 B E ve rg re e n , W heaten,III 
64UM-313-4*613/4 att IRM 
U L 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
O u ie tlv s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B u ild now o r h o ld to r in vestm ent T e rm * a v ailab le 61.444 to $4ooo P aved stre ets A ll u tile ties N ear Schools and shopping 
N e a r B a n d e ra Rd a nd B e n ru s 
D r For details eau Louis Flares. 
731-1241. 
, 
C o m m e rcial lots, all sizes, also a I few c o m m e rcia l b uildin g s 
734 5414 C P KOSUB 342 o343 
F Aim 
TTTg V l g W ol Dan In io n ie end h ill c o u n try on 4 3 o c re s covered w ith trees 
494-2)41 
L R E A 

GREENWAY 
4 re s id e n tia l tats rn G re e n w a y s u b d iv is io n P a v e d s tre e ts , u n ­ d ergro u nd u tilitie s , c ity w ater end sewerage Buy one c r all. Located lust outside c ity lim it* thus no city taxes Call 342^4111 A N Y T IM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

M O U N TA IN S ACRES 
B eautiful ' a a cre re sid en tia l lot in sce nic M o u n ta m v le w A c re s e ft 
C e le b re lu s t b e y o n d th * g re a t 
N o rth w e s t s u b d iv is io n 
F o r d e ­ tails and view ing, call 415- U44 
AMY TIM P 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 
412/ MV 
L A U ttfe l A V g rn U t 
L a u re l sub 
O ft W u rz b a c h o nd 
IH I4 West 71 fro n t It w ith paved alley near T u rtle Creek CC, Med 
C e n te r. U S A A 
112,1o4 
T e rm s 
4*4 44o1 Mon F ri or 341 1444 doily 
•A M 1oPM 
T t m u 
H i m 
------------- 
Love ly b u ild in g s it* in o rc a of Im * hom es I4$x 111 w ith p re tty native trees 134 3233 
M A ZIE SALE H IL L . R E A LTO R 

*44 ACRES. / m iles S W of Hon do V ery good ranch, good fences and ca rro ts, good tank, good w ell, e xcellent h un ting $121 per a cre 
C LA U D E S C H U E H LE R E A L T Y 
I H I 1/TH S TR E ET 
HONDO, TX 
744*1 
112 426 2411 
112-426 3114 
M E M B E R TFR A 

231 INVESTMENT PROPFBFY 

58 ACRES 
Between IH37, M ilita ry D riv e , and 
Loop *14, less tha n 14 m in u te s fr o m d o w n to w n 
F o r s a l# o r tro de C ontact je ll M itie r er K ent 
H icks 
LANDMARK, REALTORS 
494*1o2 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES a s u i I K H 
U RI----------- en th is 2/1 ac b la c k la n d fo rm between S A. and New B ra un fels 
3-1 Home, a irs trip St.OM per OC 
D E V A U L T A Assoc 344 2*77 
P ro p e rty M a rk e tin g E xchange 
A b o u t 16Co a c re s g n ly i i m i n o rth , w ith h om e. b o rn , w e lls . tanks, sm all creek, under 6544 per o cre 
Ranch 
M a rk e t 
(S II) 
>14 4154 

57 AC HAYES CO 
FM ISO, bra oak s. ow ner c a rry 
•24 OMI 
TU 1744 
734 411/ 
WATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 

F t C la rk tp r m p s m e m b e rs h ip 
• ll IM I, *S6 « U _____________ 

HIGH ON WINDY HILL 
M p ie s tic h illto p tat. p g n c rp m ic view paved streets t i b e l* gelt c o u rs e 
B e a u tifu l c lu b , c o m p grounds tov*)* Lake T ra vis and m a n n a Niles 414 H U 
O AT o a N IT E 665*444 

184 AC NATURAL WATER 
N ative a ra lie s , bra oaks. fence sandy b a in . I* * , dn, o w ner c a rry 
424 O M I 
714 ITM 
4/6 443* 
W ATSON A SON R E A LTO R S r r a o n r T iiv g i n a u t... 
IS I Acres. I h r east at S A ■ am it* of riv e r en this abandoned plan lotion, only $4o4 per acre t i l A c re s en M e d in a R iv e r. 1$ m in tra m dow ntow n H u p* oohs and paeons 
R educed fo r q u ic k so l* $1,144 per acre 
D E V A U LT A Assoc 14* H IT 
P ro p e rty M a rk e tin g E (C hang* t i A d # # E l i 'U 
'B 'f T t l ' t f i w 
A R A U N F E L S . O wner financed 
17/ A cre fo rm near D evine. $4oo per acre, 29% down 
444 4311 PT 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
42 a cre liv e *< * hills Joins huge ronch, deer tu rk e y 619$ per per# 
L ib e ra l te rm s I 49* 2444 
"T w r a n r iA m n 
" 
M any tanks, im pro ve m e nts 
R iver tv em end landing strip 
M uch g a m * aw ner c a rry 
12/ 422/ 
W atson A Sen 
*14 11*1 
? T X c r ¥ * ^ B 

4$ a cre s (m e r* a v a ila b le ) 
E ast 
H ill c e n tra l school d is tric t. I ' to c r# ta n k , b e rn and pens, by o w n e r. 
1/1o per o c re 914 1174. 491 1149 

166 A f R E I N ative Brush Land 4. m in tre m San A ntonio in Atosoca 
Co 
B ig d e e r, q u a il, d o v e a n d raveling, / t i 145 4471 
I A C b E S near b la n c o . $18oo lib e ra l fin a n c in g by ow ner 
134 4476 
17o A cres on paved rood between 
F lo re s v ille and San A ntonio. $61o per acre. T E X -M A C R ealty. S A 
224 oo41, o tte r hours, P leasanton 
114* 3342 t n z m 
-------------------- plus I bedroom hom e, 2 bath plus a sm atter banus heme, stock tank, a c re a g e can be irrig a te d O nly 
541.144 e r best atte r 
C entury 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
34) 7111____________ R E A LTO R S 
9o A ^ R # S tou te a) San A ntonio 
H ighly im p ro ve d 
ROSE 
DAY 
921 7244 
1571 
ACRES 
SOUTH 
TEXA S 
Webb County between F re e r ond i 
L a re d o 
G oo d te n e ts . 3 ta n k s j stacked. B u ffi* gross A ba n do ne r deer, quail, hags, lavateno Joins big ranches, m obile hom e, clee tric ity 24$ a cres P rin c ip a ls only 
Financing set uo 
B uyer assum e not# O w ner 613-263-2413,A ustin 
23 ACRES. I i i .nos t i a i Boerne 
1)444, owner financing 433 47o9 t i acres. Utopia, lenced. w ater well. oak trees. 14 % down, /'a •» 
24 years. $$4,444 

C lo u d c r o ft. N e w M e x ic o , tim e s h a rin g I w e ek $4 y e a r le o s * , 
$1144 t* $4144. e le v a tio n 9244 It 
Ski area. golf sw im m in g, hunting, etc 24 % down. 3> a years. 

Townhouse, o u trig h t o w nership. I m onth. $14,4o4 to $14,4o4 MO O RE 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
U v a ld e . 
I 271 4142. I- * * * 14*4, 71$D I O 
M A tra m p le Assot 
IOO a c re s Y o r k to w n o re o . *6 a ero* cle ar, 44 a cres trees, good w a te r, ru n n in g cre e k, dee r and b ird s 
J b e d ro o m h o m e . R E A telephone and m o il route A real p ivata w eekend re tre a t! $114 an ocre F a rr R ealty Coli Jo* Nom 
| e t, (111) $*« IM I. 
\ 
$7 A C I. tre e s . C oastal 
H unting ro b in $79$ ac O w n e r fin a n c e d 
Bobbie A nderson, G R E IN CAM P 
B E L L 
R E A L T Y . 
S A 
411 i t l l 
I 379 2434 
A ^ i a r i n m i ai&ood $~ i I en Cavel! Rd P low ing Creek Cell us for m ore in fo rm a tio n 141 4M4. altos 144 7414 
Don BfiucHeite 
•»**« IFyWW»*W 'TU 
A C O INC R E A LTO R S M L I 
A T A ie a U f QU HT V---------- 
N e a r Poteet, Texas, o p p ro x im o 
I cly IT I acres I acre (a k*, stack ta n k , w a te r w e ll, h o u se , som e m in e ra ls SS71 per a cre Cosh 
PO N D ER O SA R E A L T Y 
S II $31-1171 
* r 
131/341 
B A N D E R A ---------------- 

 rn 
* 
I 
★ 
♦ ★ 
B r + * * + + + 
+ 
* + 1 

I I Acres, c o m m e rc ia l or Ro*. 24t 
N EZ Te rm s HO,4oo *11*19o 

I IO ACRES fro n t* on US to t in c ity lim its of F lo r e s v ille . H a s b uildin g w hich was boing used as a lounge B arbeque pit in back 

O ld la n d m a r k fo r s a le 
W h i­ tehouse Cate in dow ntow n Flores 
Ville 3 story b ric k b uildin g , c a f* d o w n sta irs, ro o m s u p s ta irs L o t size SOX IOO 
STORRER REALTY INC. 
HO a S TR E ET 
M Y R T T E LT S C H IK 
F lo re sville 393 2144 
SA 227 6744 
E ven in gs 393-23)1 

5 ACRES NORTHWEST 
ID E A L FO R C O N T R A C T O R S 
H o m e site a nd e q u ip m e n t y a rd . 
; P riced to soil 444 7344 
I C E N TU R Y 2) Schneider R ealty t t i acres on ra ilro a d E xte n sive i developm ent in area. 144 fro nta ge en Nacogdoches Zoned business. 
I 
MAC R E A L E S TA TE 4262121 

J 6 A c re s o n S. W W W h ite 

 c o u n try K e rry ,H e a re a 31o I ld , o l , o r im o H o p t c o m p le x a r 

 of pom e M ite O I paved rood Iro n loge L ike new b ric k 3 BR, 2 bath, 
I tire p ta ce 
1321 
PER 
ACRE 
I TERM S 
P hilip D W ord A Assoc 
Houston (713)426 3o71 
H ill C o un try h ide w o y 
76 Acres, 
I lo w m o p a y m e n ts , no c r e d it check Coll today, ll? 4o61 
IO h ill c o u n try a c re s , in la rg e 
I ranch, good hunting, deer, tu rk e y , j ia v e lin o s , HOO dow n p a y m e n t, 
1 S«* 3* per mo Finance by aw ner 
! Colt tor in fo rm a tio n 73* 7964 

HILL COUNTRY BEAUTIES 
6o acres. huts. so rin g fed tank 
7o acres Oak covered h ills 
IO acres targe oaks 
74 acres cabin, halls, and oaks 
21$ acres of p a rk like hilts, cabin, fen ce d o nd c ro s t-T o n c o d , w e ll, s p rin g fed ta n k , 34 m in N o rth 
O wner w ill soil a ll or p a rt ar trade 
JE R R Y W AG NO N A ASSOC. 
121 3)41 
344 771* Niles 

 ocres P o rtly gam # proof fenced 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic g am * ro n ch W itt stack and m an age tar you E x c e lle n t w h ite tau dee r h u n tin g $17$.MO W ill fin once I-4M-3471 
HO RS#~ F a'n C H in frL E A S A t) 
TON JI A cres att in Coastal w ith ir r ig a t io n B ro k e n up in to pad d o cks and pons, e ach w ith au ta n ta lic w a te re rs 
C reek flo w s th r u p r o p e r ty p lu s 3 ta n k s . 2 
I hom os, h oo ted s w im m in g pool, sm all o rch ard , larg e horse barn 
M a n y o th o r fe a tu r e s a n d im i pro vem e n ts Colt ta r A ppt Plea canton I 14* 23)1 or I 149 111? 

HUNTERS PARADISE 
| 13$ ocre ra n ch 
3 m obile hom es 
Highw ay F ro n ta g e P rice d to sell j $34$ p e r a e ro 
O th e r lis tin g s a v a ila b le (ro m s m a lt to la rg e 
E J ‘H appy Schawe Real E state. 
{2o34 
E 
M a in . 
U v a ld e , 
T x . 
$12 274 4*74, nites 374 3116_______ 

N ursin g hom e CaU new t I 

SANTEX CD., REALTORS b53 o4&o 
2 43 acres. ( A w 
W hite Rd 
3M fro n t frontage. 3)1 ft deep Wash terra w ith 32 w ashers, l l d ry e rs , pius beauty shop ond 3 hom es on p ro p e rty 
$1o4,o44 
T erm s 
732 IIM 

 a p A * 6 * j A c I I I T nu out ol 
City lim its on IH I? So $4o4 down, no r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y te r m s 
934 *444 423 1*32 u * A f u f U 
'e te T fc A te (tr~ 
3 B uildings 
Lounge and M e xica n 
R e s ta u ra n t L ou ng e now o p e ra t­ ing Good term s, $74,2o4. 
R E A LTO R 
4*1-1)44 
24o irrigated ac 
C en tu ry 2 1 
W HI. b orn. 3 g ro in bons, house 
42I-4M1 
7 1 6 1 /M 
$14 443* 
WATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 
K fe t e b A U lg U W r v 

E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 
B ib B R liK 

N #ar 

 m i l u n m 
A m oi ought* m o d ern hem e w ith e quiet country setting- * bed ro om 
) beth. den w ith tire p ta c e 
H e * 
E v e r V in in g ! J E R R Y R A C O N 
R E A L T O R ! I 741 3143 *13 31*5 
♦ i i m i i i i j m 
________ 
R iv e r F re n i tr a c t 
14 n u tra m s A , paved Rd . u tilitie s , geod j * l . t i i ' ____________ 
R M GEO RG E R E A L T Y 
H I M A IN 
B O E R N E 
TE XA S 
■ 
It? W L i t l T i u I t * J I * ! ■ 

 b a th 
Al) 

Heck h em * w ith h re p ta c e b e rn p e tb R tre e s , o rc h a rd . I B e re t. 
».««' I H M 
# ! 
SOUTH 
) b e d ie e m I I m e seer* SSO 444 *3 * l l 

HOME end INCO M E 
N e a r M e d in a L a k e 
I b e d ro o m ca rpeted hem e w ith a steve and re frrg B tu* 4 beal storage areas 
AH le t 516,344 
499 1133 
R E A L T O R ! 
34 1 441) 
RED CARPE! 

H O M E W ITH ) / * It w a te rfro n t 
F e u T X a A r e n t# * 
L o c a te d en ih u n n e i Ie g ulf w itn lighted tith in g b ie r 
W ith in e asy w a lk m g d is tans* ta beach H andsom ely lu r 
•tith e d w ith ae e x c e lle n t v ie * 
IS I 444 Contact 
B U D D Y B E C K . i l l M I IMO For Oe lg ds ta V isit 

T T H T on a c re , 
Devine, 4 /6 4 /M 
W 
T O r r T a p to x lm e 'W V T I m ile s E ast et sen A nien te 
For in fo r m a tio n c a ll 
S II 947 J i l l a fte r 
* weekdays, a n ytim e g>BB>RM(4- 
44 acres 
B lurt C re e l ro n ch l i f t per acre, g re a t hun ting , we w ill finance. 34 yaars, at 7>x% sim ple ra re r**! w ith a SS down p aym ent w ith 
(s c e p tra l* person 
CaU 
7)4 *1*3 f i r i 'l f g p rrn la n j-e .’c eTteSI set! Uvalde area O wner finance 
Con t tg $ 349 1*1) 
>'l" {" "Ic", »'t " T o w 
' I; «*>obTT| mites Se et IH 4 U . $$4,444 O wner 
C o rry 
M r 
B u ll. M I 3444 arter * 

 lu c r e s S n n 'iu n lr y - T iM n ta S r rag. tre e s . heauiitu< v ie w s I l i a down guy m e e t, l i t 4 / p er m e 
O wner tin enc cd C or >3* 7*9* i i A c R E ^ 'j 'it lin te rs de it* Al near 
G arner M ata P ark tx 444 anerly gad take ever p a r m en Is a) t i n w ilt fin a n c e « (|u ity e t ta k e s o m e th in g rn I r a # * tg r e g u a l v ita e I 111 $ H t gr I /»» *> */ 

7 7 Acres, beautiful frees, tail grass and breathlahing view 
Paved road en I sides $11,394 
Nom* your down payment 
PIPE CREEK REALTY 691 3241 

BUCK COUNTRY 
1484 acres in LaSalle County Ex crilent hunting ond fishing, all weather roods and sendera s 7 ai rt (ak*, creek, deer blinds and heavy brush 334o aero firm 
Qualified buyers only 
Land Locators ut Texas 
S A 4*7 1114. M 7 133) f U WAiJL B I ' ALTV --------- 
Good selection Form* Ranches 
' 379 $493 1 379 1711 
Seguin, Tx 
•7 441 Deeded ocrei. II minute* trem downtown $ A en divided 
US Hwy 1)44 irrigated acres in cultivation ar in coastal bermuda 
Property hignty improved with good eetenfrai tar development 
'im m o ra l* to be conveyed 
Choporroso Agr! Service. 2444 
NRC 
Bldg 
Sen 
Antoni*. 
Tx 
$11117 SUI 
I BiA/i' I B T IA M fk t» A L TV~ 
Buy your land from th* natives 
FIRE CREEK. TX 491 44M 
Agr Sal* 
$ acres, large hem* with central arr and hoot, 3 hath * 
Bedroom fireplace, ham and pens, near Somerset, % A phone peed wen end fences tank and ail 
WPM CPU 43* 3341 

F u lly d e v e lo p e d 3 I* to a c re tro c ts S treets, w a ter e le c tric tv end telephone 
I m ile s n o rth et 
F taresvill# Off u t U< 

111 acres. San Antonie, River frontage around hack heir et en hr# aereage Pecan tree* en river 
UU ti em Modern I bedroom house, outbuilding* pens and etc Bede 
Mu* bu* I miles west et Fibres vide. WSI ort State 9/ 

STORER REALTY INC t lT l STRI I T 
M Y R T I b I T SC HI K tier es »<!•* 3*3 ISM 
SA 12/ */** 
Evenings 3*3 I H S 

HO A c re ra n c h n e a r K e n d a lia . 
Tex C lear ru n nin g Cypress lined s tre a m , n a tiv e p e c a n , fe n c e d , barn, w in d m ill, goat shed deer. tu rke y, fish * A cre tencvi, held 
B eautiful bldg s it* One pf 'h e few 
P ic tu re B ook s m a ll r c h n * le ft' Lew dow n, o w n e r I 
Possible option on re m o n 
J JO ] ocres $12o4 p e r a cre T 
M 
I d wards, *9$ l i l t or 44t 147* 
Bob C og* *9149/o or *9$ 417* 
K e r rv ille 111 a c re e x o tic gam e 
Ranch a n s Peer tallow deer, fik o d ee r. B la c k b u c k a n te lo p e , m oo lio n sheep O eer proof lance $$$o ocre, good term s 
O w ner 111 347-5444_______________ 
K e rrv ille ISO a c re R anch ro llin g hilts w ith gushing springs. Lake with bath ond (o ffis h cle ar w ater 
I D eer and tu rk e y 6154 p er a cre - interest enty paym ents a va ila b le 
O wner 511 34/ 5o4* 

MEDINA COUNTY 
, S e v e ra l 24 ta 4o a c re tra c ts in 
L y tle a re a w ith I H I ) fro n ta g e j $144o to l l $44 per a cre 1$ m inutes j tra m Loop 414 
Land Locators ot Texas 
S A *47 111* M7 1333 l l M I iro n , Mew B ra u n fe ls . I i i 
Acres, oaks. I wells, fenced, cot tag*, patio, sp rin g ted lake, deer, no re d or O w ner 6*4 1717 

Monett Lumber Co 
(F A R M A RANCH R e a lto rs) 
Dependable Since 191$ ’ 
447 N Z o rzo m o ro 4)3 7M I 
Near P leasanton 14 acres up for 
$$$4 per o c re up Y our chere* et c le a re d la n d . c o a s ta l b ru s h ar m e s q u it* 
Some w ith ponds and g am * E (c a lla n t long term . aw ner fin an cin g T E X M AC R ealty. S A 
22* O M I, a fte r hours Plea so mon 
1 548-3382 _______________________ 
N e w B r a u n fe ls H ill C o u n try 
P ro p e rty Scheel A Assoc R ealty 
447 
$ 
Seguin. 
N 
B ra un fels 
42$ 4o76 
Tom pTeteTy 
6 V I ( T W 
K 
I I? " updated. 
G e rm a n F a rm h o u se w ith h u g *, re c * fire p la c e rn tty m g fa m ily ro o m ! 2 b e d ro o m , I new b o th s 
2 s m a ll fie ld s p lu s fenced native posture, s p rin t ted p e n d ! 
34 m in fr o m 
San 
Antonie l l m ites tra m 
New 
B rountets 
5154,MO 
R E A LTO R S 
4*4 4411 

Hom e a r a rtic *. 3-5-2 and o ffic e 
G oo d 
R ia n to r c o n v e rs io n 
Poneted ond te rro zg 
Moor* 
Ncogdoche* 
MAC R E A L E STA TE 616 l i l t 

BUILDERS INVESTORS 
4 1 large, b e a u tifu l hom esite lots areas at tin # hom es 3 fro n ts on 
G uadalupe R iv e r. I nea r C ountry 
Club and 2 gait courses and riv e r p riv ile g e s - tre e s a ll 626.44o, In ­ vestor term s, ar singles 
CARLOS B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
37* 1*47 
S E G U IN . T E X 
SOI E 
K in g s b u ry P O 
Box t i l l 

CAFE-FOOL HALL 
F u lly equipped, p a rty , rn. hom e low down, ow ner c a rry J' r% 
42* OMS 
TM I TM 
$34 44)4 
WATSON B SON R E A LTO R S 

CALL NOW 
E x c e lle n t ta c o h o n fo r b usin e ss, e lit e * , s to r a g e b u ild in g a n d fenced v o rd O w n er w ill c a rry 
B e lo w c u r r e n t in t e r * * ! . J im 
W agner i m 2141. *2 * 3**o 
BOB JO NES. R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 
C h o ic e t e m m e re 1o1 P r o p e r ty , j co rn e r et San P edro and Fresno 
1 7)6 -1 IM 

~ COMMERCIAL LOT 
2 1 o c re t near L o c k la n d A FB at 
V alley Hi O r Jock A tter 342 41 $1 
6 6 6 6 6 ^ 6 f T UU.Tv> t ia r a w ore and lu m b er in M edina Lake a rea O wner w ill finance 
*44 4211 or /S I 9*43 p i o n e e r r e a l t y 
Alg ATI MEDURE------- 
H o use en c o rn e r IH )$ a c c e s s 
R ebuild er co n ve rt Ie shoe. o ffice 
MAC R E A L E STA TE 12* 2$H 
H 
^ r i f k U 
L 
--------------- 
3 u n its , c o lo n ia l s ty le h om e in good re n ta l a re a Near college 
MAC R E A L E STA TE 63* l i l t 

HWY 281 SOUTH 
342 IT fro n ta g e . 2* 1 o cre s, tex I t shop b u ild in g , second b u ild in g w ith s to ra g e a re a , o ffic e space ond liv in g q u e rie r*, fenced Ideal fo r h e a v y e q u ip m e n t a n d etc 
R oberta W hite $3) 7)4), J I) » ;* ), 
Gene f la tte n $34 3)14 
BOB JO NES. R E A LTO R S 

Guy Ghipman Co 
KEY GROUP 

 p e o p l e a m I COOKING 
Cash rn now, fa rm and ranch bsf rags w a nte d 
D is ta n c e ne a ra b tem Call new t 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 47) IM I 

$35o PER ACRE 
39 / I a c re s Tract 
L e a ke y A re a 
H e a v ily w e e d e d 
G e e d h u n tin g i l l * d a w n - 
S t* * 1/ m onthly E m e ry Jones 7)4 4*17 

I N V lS iU n S 
E x c e lle n t tex sh e lte r Geed m e son ry b u ild in g en San P a d re 
Nice, smaH offices P ric e d below a p p ra isa l 341 1744. 344 1*4*. 

KIBBE REALTY 
L rg Duplex ii i ) ! , I r J w y F t Sam. cteon. tile. re w ire d , id ro l tor bu sines* ar liv in g $14,91o 111 3$44 r v r m i T u i N r : 
■ 
■" 
C om m ercial end a rtic * sites, 2 ta t i acres p ric e d rig h t 
M I M I ! 
R E A LTO R S 
*2 *4 /1 4 
E A R N E R S V A G E N C Y 

.... 
P i x T b i t m r ......... 
U n iq u e 1* a c re s en p rrm e n e n t s e rin g fe d c re e k 
B ig s e rin g p riv a te n e t in a d e v e lo p m e n t 
T erm s Jim T aylor 424 44*4 
S a c r ific e 1 s t c o s h $6 a c re s 
S t*,O M p e r m a rb e t v a lu e 
S ell 
42.o44 per a cre 
M il* ne 
Leap 
I U *44 344o 
-R A N C H L A N D S - 
Land F a r AU P u rp o s e ' 
Ne 7 P lm ttte n e 
7 IH ) 
34 4 993s 

RIMCO REALTY 
SI4 444* R anches 4*3 27*4 

S O U THSID E IN D U S T R IA L 
I *4$ p e re s . >24* sa ti. m e ta l buildin g to ten lead tteer. 24 It ceiling ti • H A R R E L L CO- 226 5)71 
ROCK ANO CEDAR 
I bear aam an * acres near P ip * 
C re e k 
H a s 3 fire p la c e s , v e ry m odern kitchen 
F or 
Q UICK sate IM .F M 
I DINARO i RANCH RC A l TY 
4*1 I4 M 
I 33$ e st* 

I 
' r * '1 * ? r i « i t a r e i .....m f : p re v io u s ly w o re h e u s * . c a b in e t shop 614$ mo PSS OM/ 
1*x 2* per ta b le b id e 
A ir. h e a t, 
Free del te rm s / ) ) S ill 

238 COMMtRCUU PROPERTY 
HASE n r > I f C V I f lU ! I I H Texes PgSi h a n d le 
D o n G 
C b c b r q lt Cb 
M em phis fs IM 219 29)1 
* 
, T i w i r w r ................. 
L * B t a re a I* t i A cre 
T roc t WPM p um p it lig a tio n 
I V *117 
W atson 8 Sen 624 1 243 

D O W N TO W N 
( l l N e v e r* * , 1st 
F leer. I bleck T rg n w l T o w e l, 1258 
So Ft. office ar if t g n Wood m n . 
SM #M4 21) 441) 

P a g e 
1 6 - D 
S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S a tu r d a y M a r c h T 9 1 9 7 7 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 
__ 
238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

 ll 

F O 
R 
L E A 
S E 

1 o o% SOUTH SIDE RETAIL LOCATION 
8oo BLOCKS S.W. MILITARY DRIVE, 
S.A. 
3,2oo 
SO. 
FT. 
AIR 
C O N ­ 
DITIONED STORE 
WILL REMODEL 
PLENTY OF P A R K IN G 
R.L. SCHUMACHER 
AC 512, 735-8121 

N O W LEASING 

NO RTHSIDE OFFICES. 
W AREH OUSE, 
A N D IND USTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIM E LO CAT IO N S 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

G R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
C ( T M I’A N I! S 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
ARID OFFICE SPACE 
A ll s u e s to m e r! a n y n®®d 
All o rc a s ot S A. E rn e st Soble Com i ine rtial P rop 349 3639 
1 139 4 B a s se R d 8/oo sa It ol w a reh o use or liqht m a n u ta c tu r inq Five 12*14 doors, office and 2 restroom s. 
Call 
69* 5o48 or 
696 5243 
I 
C o m m e r c ia l o r i n d u s t r ia l I 
P ro p e rty Zone M, tor L e a se in 
18ooth B lo ck S B ra zo s, will im prove for appropriate tenant Call 
Carlton Hogelstein Jr 223 6331 

219 E A S H B Y 
P rim e Location tor retail or star aa®, 11,ooo sa it at 9c a sa It 
Jock Alter 342 41 S t________________ ; 
EL DORADO V IL L A G E 
1261o N aco gd o che s Rd , finished re ta il sto re fo r lease, a p p r o * i 
I OOO Sa .Ft 
Beautiful oonel and carpet 822 9329_______________ 
E X C E l L E N T B u sin e ss location. 
2,ooo sqft 1o16 Cincinnati Ave 
E "ce de nt retail or e xecutive ol flee btdq .central heat oir. new ly carpeted. 18oo sq ft la rq e p ark inq lot B ro a dw ay and A ve B en trances 
Reasonable 824 1644 or 
828 4885 
F O R R E N T ' c o rn e r lot fron tm q 
N o g gin gs ant) Riptord 422 93o6 
G r o u n d s p a c e Tit 
S h o p p e t t e 
C enter, n e a r C e n tra l P a rk 
E x cedent tor profe ssio n al office or b u s in e s s . 18oo Sq F t a n d 3oo 
.Sq Ft 736 4461 or 733 8861 
H O T T E S t U S E D C A R I O T in 
Town! S3oo ber mo P rove n tor 2o y e a rs H u r r y ! 3So2 C u le b ra R d 
73S o961 N iles 696 7777____________ 
NORTHSIDE 
N e a r Son F ra n cisc o Steak House 
O ffic e W a r e h o u s e s p a c e C a ll 
Sandy 
69o-899o, w eekends 
342 2934 
Office shop retail M ile 41o IH 35 
S2oo month 484 38oo_______________ 
Office Space 7* IO S IM . electric bill paid 826 59o) 
O F F I C E W A R E H O U S E . N o rth side. cLose to airport I3S7 sa ft 
J IM VIA. R E A L T O R S . 349 4276 
? retail stores, HOO F r e d e r ic k s b u r q R d ( c o r n e r ) S3 oo 
1814 
F re d e ricksb u rq R d S225 344 o246. 
342 oo84___________________________ 

• R IV E R S Q U A R E * 
A R T S A C R A F T S M A R K E T 
I is looking tor m ore exciting shops 
| Su ch os: sta in g la ss, a ntiq u es. 
I candy store, pottery studio, wine la n d cheese, and oth er typ es of 
I u n u su a l shops, lf you a re inter 
•sled in leasing space, cod 
227 9494. 

APARTMENTS FURN 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

FROM 

W e e k l y 

* 1 5 2 • Monthly 
S tu d io , 1 - 2 b e d r o o m s 

N O H A SE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT UVING— NO PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 
3222 M W . Loop 41o 
’•I tnt*rMHlio« of Oowhurtt ort) btiAti nMMf 4 1 o " 
342-4o29 

RENTALS 

AM APARTMENTS UNFORN 
4o4 APARTMENTS UNoIRN 

4 o ^ A P A R T M E N T S ^ 
4o1 APARTMENTSFURN 

 rsTl 
I 

BABCOCK VILLA APTS 
3o19 Fredericksburg Road 
EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 
2, 
3 
B E D R O O M 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate prices ranging from $155. to $ 3 65 . 
Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis Courts. 
FURN. O R U N FU RN . RATES. 

7 
3 
6 
- 3 
3 
2 
2 

T I M 
E ’ S A ’ W 
A S T I N ’ ! 

P o r k 

V i l l a g e 

A p a r t m e n t * S r 

V a c a n c ie s in th e s e s p a c io u s 
{ rarilen apartm en ts won't ast long because dem and is high for: 

 n o /W X U IM X C 

A 

WINDSOR 
FBR* MAH 

USI WH A ul* 
I 
ViUAOI 

VI I M t s t l K P A U K Af \|,|, 
N O K I IIF , A S T S C H O O L S 
H I < M s |||;.D o k 

I N U K N I S H I O 
P A U ) I r i m l l S 
P H I A A T K P A 1 1 O " p o o l s A P A R T I R O O A1 

IK .'tO H its It*tis D r i v e 

6 5 3 - 7 : M M > 

HOMES. DUPLEXES. 
UNFURNISHED 

CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
484H G O L D F IE L D 

F u r n i s h e d o r I n l w n i i - h r d 
1 -2 -3 B K D R O O M 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. Light­ ed Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
Windsor 
Pork 
Mall. 
15 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 - 6 6 6 o 
O ff I II 33. On KiUimun 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ! 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2931 E S O U T H C R O S 5 
534 88o1 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

I A 2 Bedroom 
Apts. 

F U R N . e U N F U R N . 

Family & Adult Sections 
2 Pooh & Playground 

Rentals starting at 
$185 
Including Utilities 

PAINTERS M IU 
52oo BLANCO 
349-2222 

L V N D e sire s middle aged lady to sh are sm all apt R e fe re n c e s ex- changed Arter 3, 344 8379. 
Male Room m ate wanted to shore 
2 bedroom apt Paul, 496-21o7 

M E T R O H O U S E D O W N T O W N * 
M O D E R N E F F IC I E N C Y F U R N 
512o to S U S 213 4TH ST 226-7333 
M O R R IS D O W N T O W N A P T S 
A P R E S T IG E A D D R E S S 
Efficiency ! b drm 2bdrm -centrol a ir h e a t 
121 E 
M a in P la t o 
227 288o F U R N IS H E D __________ _ 
M O T E L E ffic ie n c y A p a rtm e n ts o nd R o o m s 
B y D o y. W e ek or 
M o n t h 
D 12 91 12. 
P E 4 4767. 
L E 2 O IS?. C A 7 47o2, N e a r Ft sa m T A ? 1377___________________ 
311 Natatory S room s, both, g a r ­ age, air. water pd No pets. S I 2o 
333 >549 or 92? 967?______________ 
N e a r Ft 
Sam , I b e d ro o m apt gos-w atgr pd su p . 344-64o8. 
N E A R F T S A M 
N ice large I bedroom turn apl. w otfr Pd 51oo >24 8369__________ 
N ear M cC re le ss I bedroom , bills, couples 5125 532 1188 atter 5pm 

5 $ o U T » M P N I V I L L A o w A M V 1 M I R T I W 
* h i 
• Hued dub 

• Off* und De* hem ,* doiipi 
• Snouty Shop 
• Souoo Whirlpool 
• TonntA (oufFa 1 pooh 
• Ti©a» D *r <Vr>Q*to*ot\ 
• IO AAmuffA lo 
Downtown 

4o32 I. Southerns* 

33 7-5242 

N eor SA C . etflciencv opt 591 SO plus bills. M r s W atson 225 4368, 
828 65o4 ofter 5 ond w eekends 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
Two bedroom. I or 2 bath, storage for everything and o private patio 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at N W Loop 41o 
____________341 2228_____________ 
N E W D E C O R , L orge . H o m e y 2 bedroom , 2 p orche s, lots of clo sets, m orried couple, no children. ho pets 733-9951 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft Sam ond dow ntow n E l­ ite Apts Bills Paid. *89 per mo 
227 47o2. 1954 E Houston 
North C on trol Location , E lm ira and M cC u llough ond IH 3S N ew ly decorated N ear bus, adults only 
No pets U nfurnished I bedroom 
W ater pd *125. with dep 6 M o le a se 226 53o1 after 4 ond wee- fcgnds, 694-o73o___________________ 

‘ H o r 
We’D find yours, free. 

O M N 7 OAT* A W MK 
OFFICES IMBOUOMOUr TIX AS 
3121 MW. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

OttBCT C O K H S F O N O W C f TO 
A t l i N CRITUAL EXPW Y 
DALLAS. TIX 752JM 

 l i l l / i d e 

Near 
K e lly -L a c k la n d 
AFB 

■ Limited number of e ffi­ ciencies ond 
I bedroom apts. 
Furnished or Unfur rushed Now available. 

58oo 
MEDIN* BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

* 2 o 5 . i. *2 2 5 . 

Ten floor plum to choose horn tor exquisite adult living All 

 bills paid. lecreotion room, large balconies, outdoor Bor B 
Que grids, kemakers, fire­ 

 places and beamed ceilings 

( K j f B i q a 
K i - 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 
349-2617 

S P A C E F O R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
I. 
O N B A N D E R A R D 
674-7181 Or 495 3447 

4oo« sa rt warehouse, neor town. j 
14o F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d , 535o 1 
14 o246, 342-oo84 _________________ w arehouse tor Lease, up to 4ooo : a rt I blk south of 41o on Ban I dera Rd 484-4424 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
,1.ooo sa rt new m a so n ry building 
'for sale, near e xp re ssw a y, cosy 
.term s for strong buyer 
;9 OOO sa it , M a so n ry building tor j lease, month to m onth or tong h erm 
4.5oo sa It building with 75o sa It of nice offices L a rg e fenced lot. near e xpressw ay 
P E A C O C K . R E A L T O R S . 824 o511 I 

 leasing Doily T-A; tun bey 1 4 
1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All Utilities Fold torge play grounds, Basketball Coal. Shut fie board, lighted tennis court. 3 large swimming pooh 
Near 
Brooks AI I. Stole Hospital. 
Pecon Valley Golf Course 
Truly tH# best rental value in town. 
2715 lasses 333-5339 

523 W H IL D E B N O Ideal for an tiq u e sh o p o r o th e r b u s in e s s needing large storage space 5375 m o 735 o961, N iles 694 7777 

3oo W . J o s e p h i n e S t 
A pprox 4,ooo Sq Ft , m odern m a I so n ry build ing, c o lro l a ir heal. rone J C o m m e rc ia l clove to oil j e xp w ys B ea utifu l offices, m an u fac tu rin g a re a ond w a re h o u se j sp o re ideal for m a n u fa c tu re of food, chem icals or d rug products 
822 9529 

36o2 Z A R 2 A M O R A, ideo! office I 
.space Of sm all business. L on g or short term lease 
[ i F J W O ^ A L L R E A L T Y S Z J - W 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

 r n r n 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S >t A cre ond up, Zoned I i i fully d eve lo p ed 
W I P Hark E a sy term s *33 1489 

248 OFFICE SPAK IOT, .LAH 

P R E S T IG IO U S O F F IC E S P A C E 
In grow ing N W sector Reave na bit rates 
G reater S A 
Butlers 
Assoc 
8925 N W IH IO 696 38oo 

E X C E L L E N T O F F IC E S P A C E in 
V a lie v H i 
E x e c u t iv e C e n t e r a cro ss Valiev Hi O rive from V a l­ iev Hi M aH A vailable at SO cents per sa It Will alter to suit you r req u ire m en ts 
Foe view ing, call 
47 3 5o1 3 A N Y T IM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A t t r a c t iv e t b e d r g o m , ] dishw asher, shoo, pool B ills pd 
S H S ond up *25 Dep IO M in Ft 
S a m 
321o E I S E N H A U E R off 
I H o rry W urtbpch. 822-9195 

841 N St M a r y s 4 cle an room s. air bus. stores $35 wk *14o mo 
| bills pd 224-o629 733 828o 684 o834 
P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o? B IE N V IL L E D R oft Wetdner 
I rd M odern I Bedroom , 653 2643 
PECAN VAHEY 
6olf Club Apts. 
34So L SooTKCRoSS 
338 9o2o 
PUNT LOVERS 
All of our apartm ents h ave large 
I p a t io s o r b a lc o n ie s f o r y o u r plants. Storage ro om s with every a p a r t m e n t a n d lo t s a t c lo se t 
- space. 2 bedroom . I bathor 2 be­ droom 2 baths. Call to d a y' 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
IS43 Babcock at N W Loop 4 H j 
____________ 341 2228_____________ 
Rent Furniture 
3 rooms $25 month 
FURNITURE LEASING 
OE AMERICA 
6bb 6obb 

R O O M M A T E n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent 344-1125. 
5 moll efficiency, near town. SAC, 
59o plus dap. 735 1638 
Southside ga rage apl portly turn bills pa *9o 1523 O lud sto i.r 
Spacious J and 3 b ed roo m s ideal tor young m a rried s with o sm all child The Boardw alk offers 3 be droom s unturn for *29o 2 pools, club room and la u nd ry Close to 
W onderland ond Central P o rk 
3534 West Avenue 349 42o3 
S o r r y OtHm gwotef Co 
____________ 
333o S N M ilita ry, turn, m obile 
We have 12 diHerent tloor plans Ie home, air, m ilita ry, * 115 922-8911 choos tram W alk ut closets can ! tries, patios Call C a ry 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at N W Loop 41o 
____________M l 'M M ____________ 

TURTLE CREEK 

EFFICIENCIES- 
CABANAS 

Starting at $16o. 

All slsctric kitchen 
Outside storage 

8631 FAIRHAVEN 

 f » > 
696-451o 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

IT 721 Parliament 
349-3149 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
M 
W 

& 
WAKEFIELD STARDUST 
• 
• 
APARTMENTS 
o 

9 Ideally located on busline o 
A 
I. I. and 3 bedrooms SISO 
A 
_ to 
MSO On Hector 
™ 
9 ocross from North Star Malt 
^6 

£ 
IMW. WAKEFIELD 
o 
o 
344 4558 
^ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOW NHOUSES 
FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA ti) 
532-73891 

 b 
T a b c o c k 

$ n o r t h 
APARTMENTS 

C ou n try Living In the City 
I — bedeoom Apts, now available tarnished or Unfurnished 
6 miles north of Loop 4 1o on Babcock turn (eft at Springtime 

CHOICE RENTALS 

322 DARTMOOR - 4 2 2. S3oo mo Control on heat, stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal. water softener 2-story, fenced yon) 

12* DARTMOOR • 4 2 2. MOO mo Central air heat, range, refhg., garbage disposal, fenced 
2 story, glossed in patio, fuU carpet 

1222 CMURW4G - 3-2WFF, $25o mo Central ait heat. dove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, carpet, burglar bars, privacy fen­ ce 2-story Townhome 

S U / BRANCH VALLEY 4 2 PF. 
$215 mo. Central air-heat, stove ond refrigerator, dishwasher, fen­ ced yard, den 

731$ WALNUT VALLEY 3 IV) 
I, $17$ mo. 2 air conditioners. 

673 5o83 342 4115 
653 o57o 
654 1844 
W O R LD W ID E REALTY 

■ M W , DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 

2724 W Huaoche 2 1.......... $1S5 

8223 Quail Creek 3 2 2 
$23$ 

423o Hall Fork 4-2-2..........$28$ 

4H1 Milk Wind 4-2-2....... $3oo 

12218 la Charco 3-2 2 
$325 
Call 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 
BjJHJTTTJLTI 

•OR RODGERS. REALTORS 
*1o7 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
1oS HOP W K * — a k» arpen. J b e th . 4 
— ------‘ 
‘ -------- carpers, large Ben, bar, term er living 
TU UHLS M SO . 
KIST — 3 bedroom, car ew-ewe. central 
S S ffc S S S fc 
2 J T " L J ‘i . - S f f i r l K S S 
PARK. M OO . 
O SIO BIA R 
C RU X 
— I i i ™ dean 3 bedroom. 3 borh. I c e garage, with complete kitchen 
K s 3 It T A O « r 
------- 
41 
FAMA. $2 7*. 
SUTTON 
PLACA 
— 
H r carpeted, central hee* 4 air 
$43o phi* cond tao. 
4 7 3 7 
C A S A 
(M A N A N A 
— 
3 bedroom*. 
I bath, 
I car 

 and'air. SHR RA NORTH ARIA. 
$24o. 
431 
SA N D A LW O O D 
— 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, I car garage 
Near make and bu* Un*. $223. 

FURNISHED * UNFURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 
M A R C U * APTS. — Several I bedroom . 
I ^Jbafh^ ^cor^otad 

 aC TpaoTand I awn dry tor little!, from 
$17o. 
UtMWa* paid. 
Kirby. Taxa* 
2o2 
W . 
M A O N O t lA 
— 
I bedroom. 
I ham him lthad apartment, air rendition $1oo. 
Water paid. 
238 N A T A U N — I 

SHO. 
828-99o1 Anytime 

I f o s o u r & k S t o t / 

 t i Ai I ORS - SB T U R I V TRUST 

A A A A A A A A A W 
Shit ren tin g’ 
Ow n your own home. Som e only 
! HOO dow n! N o c re d it? N o p ro b ­ le m ' 922-17o6. 673 4714. 674 75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A B E A U T IF U L 2 b edroom town- house, croeted. central air, *19o. 
N eor W indsor M oll 655 4555 
A B IG 4 bedroom . J bath, fenced, central heal air *275 m o Coil 
I N T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til * pm 
A Choice of 3 4 bedroom hom es to ren t L e a se w ith o ption to buy 
Ow n your hom e N O W I *19o to 55oo 
I mo 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o 899o E v e s 696 88o5. 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

I 3' t a c r e *. 3 b d rm , oil fenced, horses, pets OK, *25o 
U n le d . 735 9121. fee (455 1) 
I A la m o H e ig h ts E x t r o larq e du- 
! pie*, excellent location. 3-2-2CP, electric kitchen, d ishw ashe r, cen­ tr a l a ir -h e a t , c a r p e l, w a s h e r d ryer connection, storage space, water pd. no pets 
S325 mo 
53? 4853 
I. 3 A N D 4 B E D R O O M H O M E S 
Northeast and Northwest. S K S to 
5385 m o Coll 656 1234 
RED CARPET 

L E A S E 9619 N O N A K A Y 
3 bedroom . 2 bath. central heot oir, *25o 
824-4521 T U R N E R R E A L T Y 3 4 2 -4 8 
L IV E O A K 
La rge 4 b e d ro o m — 2-story ot 3o3 
Grevcliff. *325. B R E N N E R CO 
344 347) 
_________________________ 
J-2-1, located rn D e er R u n R ange a n d r e f r ig e r a t o r a n d d r a p e * . 
*24o 344 62o7. 684 433o 
Deanie Owens Co. 
*9o M o . *45 D ep 431 E le an or 
341 8 
1 
3 
4 
___________________ 
M odern 3-2-2, full carpet, built-ins, 
Sierra North, S27S united. 735 9121, fee (462-1) 
416 N a y lo r, 5 ro om s, n e a r bus. water paid, *11o 923-6867. 
N E A R K E L L Y I bedroom , clean. private, b u s *69 435-9)44 9-7 
I N E c le a n 3 b e d r o o m h om e . 
! Carpeting, fenced yord. **t9 S mo. 
R O SSI R E A L T Y 
494 778) 
! N E , 3-2 tow nh o use in The Glen. 
;c a rp e t, o ir , d is h w a s h e r , etc. 
(C o rn e r lot Patio. 18x1$ m a ste r bedroom . 5225 mo. 458-426o. 
N ice 4-2, C e n tra l h e o fT P rlv a t e 
: fence. B ig lot. Section 8 qualities 
! 226-1919 

2 ? apa rtm e nt, stove, re lrig e ro - to r, c e n t r a l h e o t a n d a ir . 
SISO 344 62o7, 684 433o 
Deanie Owens Co. 

Nice 6 room house, iorotod on 5 o cres south of town, close in. d ou ­ ble co r g a ra a e F o r m ore rotor motion, 
223 3815 after 
4 P M 
492 26o9 
N O C R E D IT N E E D E D ' 
W h y not o w n y o u r o w n h o m e ? 
Just 52oo d o w n ' F r o m $159 per month 922 17o4. 673-4714, 676 75o9 
P at M c V ev R e al Estate 
N O R T H E A S T 
3 Bedroom house. I bath, fenced yard, near M c A rth u r High. *17o. 
2611 Lovelace_____________________ 
4 2, N S IS D , near M e d ica l Center, ra n g e , r e f r ig e r a t o r a n d d i*h - w asher *3oo 344 62o7, 484 433o 
Deanie Owens Co. 

ADULT UVING 

MONT DOOR RUS SfRVKf 

1-BEDROOM, $17o. 

2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

F O O L UTILITIES FO CLOSE TO 

SHO F F I KG CENTER AKO FOST 

OFFICE 
THE 
HABITAT 
381 S WEST AVE. 
344-772o 

65 4 2 Spring Branch 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

 r s s o 

Q u i* 9 Horn* 
Style Living 

Effx to 3 bdrm Townhouses with fireplaces I? Hoot plans Adult I family Areas 

6 6 2 3 Callagh an Rd. 
- 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

L r ) 

A PTS. F U R N IS H E D 
SUB. 
R IT T IM A N R D A T IH35 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 

___________656 J O O ! 

A PTS. F U R N IS H E D 
SIAS. 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S R O 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
_______ 684-3311_______ 
Astoria 
1o363 S A H A R A >44 6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
34? E S U N S H IN E 734 4422 e A U S T IN H W Y E F F IC I E N C I E S * 
B ills paid. 535 *37 wk 824 19o8 
I Bedrm , near Ft Sam . *1oo B ills 
Pd >28 69o7 
_________________ 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 A 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 
All Electric Kitchens 
Outside Stooge H S. Schools 
4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

AUSTIN A R M S APTS. 

233o AUSTIN HWY. 

Rental Rates 

Starting From $151. 

All utilities pd. ( 5 ) wuAt 
■OklVdX 
655-o421 

3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 
• I 2 3 Bedrooms 
• Single and Fomily 
Sections 

• Fireplaces a Tennis 

115 NW LOOP 4 1 o o 
Across From 
o 
o 
N o rth Star M a ll 
o 

• 
• 
• e t M t e t e 

KST LOCATION 

I D E A L L O C A T IO N 
I Bedroom unfurn *185 
2 Bedroom s. Unturn *21$. 
U T I L I T IE S P A ID l l * J A C K S O N K E L L E R 

8 2 4 - 9 8 7 1 

3 R o o m s F o r Rent. 1o3 E Ashby 
*75 m o W ater pd Coll 734 6339 

S E C U R I T Y 
P L U E 
Apts. of Distinction 
E fficiencies - I and 2 bedroom s 
F u rn ish e d and U nfurnished 
T H E V I L L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E . 
( O F F 278o B R O A O W A V ) 

____________ 8 2 8 - 1 1 9 1 ___________ 

I A reol b argain, 3 b drm , fenced for kid s pets, *168, ran ge 
United. 73S-9121, fee (4*5-3) 
A R E Y O U T I R E D O F k t E N T IN G ’ 
Then buy a hom e N othing down to anyone 3 or 4 bedroom s. 
694 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 
I B ed room not Stowe, re frige ra tor *9o m o 1-8*9 2985 i B E D R O O M , liv in g area. both ond kitchen. 
*tove and refrig 
349 1479 
H ector J Hertoeck Inc., Realtors i 2 b e d r o o m o ld e r h o m e , n e a r 
T rin ity ond B ra c k e n n d a e P a rk 
726 E H u is a c h e . *1 2 o m o. *5o deposit 73? 75o8___________________ ! 
2 bedroom , 51oo 219 Paul 
J A C K M IT C H E L L , R E A L T O R 
I 
532-3)o7 

$138 $16o. 
| 
B L A N C O R D ond B A S S E R O 
1-2 B e d roo m s G as-W oter Pd 
O H I B A S IL W O O D 342-37o? 
C A L L F O R O U R L IS T of availo hie rentals W e 're here for you. 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 
J I I 
C am e lo t I. all kitch en ap n u a n c e s, c a rp e t, c o v e re d ond screened patio, slot age building, fenced 5225 me. 654 4742 
C A M E L O T ll, L o v e ly 3 4. 5275 
M onth 822 3o41 
| 
I C entral weather, 3-1-1, privately fenced, opp!, 5175. h u rry 
United. 735-9121, fee (44? 2) 
4715 C heddar 3-t den nice 
525o 
1o7 B alla rd 3-1 Sec I 
SIS! 
B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y 
341 4455 
C ir c le th is a j , I h u g e b d rm s.l fenced, perch, low dep. $5o 
United. 735 9121, tee (44o 3) 
Convenient to M ed ica l Center and 
U S A A . 6o22 S p rin g Ro se L ove ly cleon, 3 bed room , 2 baths, with double go ro g e ond p riv a cy fence 
Im m ediate occupancy. 
$325 
344 )8oo 
| 
Country hide w ay N E . 2 b drm on fenced ocreoge. $15o 
United. 735 4171, tee (454 2) 
C ountry lovers, big fenced ocre, I bdrm . den. $145, e xtras 
United. 735-9121. tee (4 5 $ )) 
C O U N T R Y P L A C E N O R T H E A S T 
C lo se -in . lo rg e m o d h ou se . 2' i I ocres. m a ny e xtra s 535o mo 
B U O O Y U E C K E R 824 7 34) 
C ory cottage, b ig bdrm . hills part paid. fenced, 55o 
United, 735 912), tee (454 3) 
D re a m hom e secluded. 5o acres, J bdrm , den, no dep 
United. 735 9121, tee 1497 3) 
D U P L E X E S~ d o x y . c a r p i d . p riv a c y fenced, fire p la ce N aco 
P errin are a 575o per m o A vo n l*t A p ril 
I 
D E V A U L T B A sso c 349-2677 hOEAhLY tfcilL-------- 

Oft N a c o a d o c h e s R d 
2-1 hom e, couple, no children, 655-334o 
Ow ner, sa lt • lease, tow nhouse. 
J -t 'i-2 . fire p la c e , im m a c u la te . I 
$75oo 
• assu m e . 
545o lease, j 
49o 1573________ 
I 
Polo Allo area. 3 bedroom . I bath hom e with etch g a ra g e 8914 Lon g I 
B ro o ch H U D p referred 435 8334 

PARK VILLAGE 
3 -t-C P , fe n c e d , st o v e o n d r e ­ frigerator, 5185 M O R R IS R E A L j 
TY, 654-o416. 
. 
P en n y sa v e r J b drm , w oter pd. 
' fenced, carpet, m ore. 59o 
United, 735-9121. fee (453-1) 

IF Y O U Q U A L I F Y 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 

O F F IC E S P A C E F O R R E N T 
Suitable tor any type b usin e ss or w arehouse 12o4 W E ST A V E *15o mo 734 14(1 ar 344 3471 B re n ne r 
£ 2 ________________________________ 
Office space. N E , fu rn ish ed , int mediate occupancy, utilities paid. 
G ate C la rk 
824 3251 
H e n ry $ 
M iller Co Realtors 
1 room. 12 X 14. priva te outside entran ce , c e n tra l h e a l air, $4o bdls Od. 931 Au6ltn H w y (26 o494. 
* .•!> <• IQC- Hep 
Hearty_f o 
1414 San Pedro. 739 s I *234 or as 
2 nice m ilo s t it * SU O 734 4 294 
'coo sa H All or part. good loco lion. I blk south ot 41o on B an d c r o R d 
A m p le p a r k in g a n d 
O vote 484 4424 
544 SO 
F T . C o n tro l h e a t o ir, b u rg la r alarm s, plenty parkin g, 
1744 N P an A m e rica n E a p r e s * 
WOW 826 *o91 
5,o4o SO FT near San P ed ro and 
41o L e ss than 4 ye ars old Offices, reception, conference room E x ceilent price Am ple p a rk in g In the heart of busin e ss area Sell or lease Call C arl Buhn M i 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

14oo sort et ort ice Sp a ce located in the industrial section at 
S e n A n to n io on C o lis e u m R d 
Id eal tor a com p o n y c a llin g on m anufacturer*, w holesalers, load chains, etc 
P ea l ft 
Fife at 

 f f M 
E t l O IU X C H A K t,! 
_____ 

H A V E C A S H B U Y E R S a ld e r h o m e *, a p t * n e e d in g r e p a ir* John B Recoil, B ro k e r 
^O fcJjun le i^JH d BT M rT O IM it^g?;) 

Kb-BEAL KIAH I DONS 

M A K E R ^ E L O A N S l ^ l H r s t liens M a x 8 y r s B uy notes less than 8*. with discount 
* - P 'id ' gu *< B r j i t r m -89 84 

3o4 - MUBlit HOM! PAWOi 

'65 C O M B Y 4. g o a d w o rk c a r 

ID I A F M lM tM U f BHK 

ADULTS ONLY 
22E1&4/ 
E ffic ie n c y 
*45. I b e d ro o m l i t 
318 M a d iso n *78 *95______________ 

Adults Southside 
$127 MO FURN 
B r a n d now e iO B B it e fflu e n c e *. poet sh o o c o rb e t 
B ig c lo se ts fo n t o slic k itc h e n 
R o b in s N e s t 
Apt r n HOI d/efts B lv d m i l ! ! 
Alam o H is lovely p rivate duplex, totally turn 152 w n d rese 

C o ra l S a n d s 1515 w 
C o n to u r, 
( E a s t of 5744 Sa n P e d r o ) A ir. pool. w aler POKI 2 B ed room turn 
*14o I Bedroom . 51o5 424 7913 
D t t e r l S a n d s 4(1 5 B r o a d w a y turn air, 1-Bdrm 5)45 826 7913 
(25 f 
C arson. *85 ma. b ills pd. dtp pay tatar 127 4544_________ 
E fticicn cas. air. bus. sh o p s 534 wk 5125 mo up B ills pd (action 
I 534 3441. 434 9445_____________ 
E f f ic ie n c ie s n e a r W o o d la w n loke. carpal air. na children or pets 595 mo to *125 m o bitt* paid m a i l ____________ 
E m o v the g e n tle p a c e af the 
B o a r d w a lk 
S p e n d y o u r a f t e r ­ noons chatting with friends d uring 
• gam e at b rid ge C lose Ie Won d e rla n d ar C e n tra l P a r k M a ll 
Catch a bus to any w hore Jam our com m unity where all ages shore 

TALLY HO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
35o1 N O R T H P A N A M 
221 l i l t 
M O N F R I 9-4 

TENDER LOGING CARE 
C o v e re d w alk w a y tra m c a r to a p t . laundry and m ailbox are a sa you won I gel d ren ch ed , la rg e r 
Realty Ca M 9 4445 

I minute to IH -1o. 

P riv a te a d u lt a n d f a m il y 

 so ction . 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodmont Drive 

I I Bedroom apt Root B itt* pd 
Babcock South of H illcrest A C E 

 the good lite m s 
West Avenue 349-4243 
B a rry GtHm gwoter Co 
FONTANA APTS 

 ro o m s so you w o o ’! b a rk y o u r shins 142 9111 424 1594 and sea 
T H E K IN G S T O N A R T S 
2247 Vance Jackson Fo r T IC 
Thraa can share a I b edroom apt at the Boardw alk tor *114 pock 
Pool, c lu b ro o m a n d la u n d r y 
Close to 
Central 
P a rk and 
W onderland 
JSM Wast Avenue M9-424J 
S o r ry G iHingw oter Co 
T o w n h o u se , lu x u r io u s , to rte , dishw asher, pool. 1-2 bedroom s, utilities paid 
5231 
Blanca. 
141-4111. 

TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N O S A U N A S 
I M 
B E D R O O M S , l l B A T H S 
S K S to $275 B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E A R T S 
I M 4191 
TOI I B A N D E R A R O A D 

1 bedroom efficiency cleon. per tact c a n d 
931 W 
H u is a c h e , 
Available 
I lith 
715-44341 
834-7117 
2 Bedroom, water Od 454 N atalan. 
53? 94>l 544 M g__________________ 
2 bedroom with hr eof ace. oat sq n all carpeted electric kitchen. 
H W ai Babcock ond 4i| 
O A K 
H IL L S 
A R M S . 
M 2 -J3 I4 ; 
349-4219__________________________ 

NO I e A SE R E Q U IR E D 
You con p„. .oui monthly rent iii l l or I p ay m e n ts l i n o . color 
TV, rad io pool, m a id linen ser I vice All bills pd W E E K L Y rale s 
Between Hillcrest ond Caligation 

 liu 'F ^ e d e r ir k s O u r * a d J U . AAA* 
* U * C ra ig efficienc y got age tfj*. F re d e ricksb u rg Rd 7M 4444 opt bitts Pd 57$, 7M 5942 

•HY GETTLE FOR LESS or o ve r p o y 
W IL S H IR E A P I S b lo c k at F I S a m N o rth G a le 
________ 126 9159 826 1594 
H i* w 
R u s s e ll. 2 b d r m nice, clean bo s laundry A d u lts 

*U4-AP*»»!M:it?L iw m 

^ A A A A S H T T r H V R E N T r " 1* 
Buy your own hom e tar a s unto as 
HO O 1 P a y m e n ts la ss than rant! 
NO C R E D IT ? N O R R O B L B M ! 
P O IN T E R R E A L B S T A T B 
67(1491 
541 7435 
473-1144 

BELKNAP ARMS 
I B E D R O O M . SH S. 
1-Bedroam. I ' iboth tow nhouse. 
5115 
U T IL IT IE S IN C L U D E D 
A D U L T S O N L Y 
D E P O S IT R E Q U I R E D 
738-4891____ 

BEST LOCATION 
W a h ave 12 different Hoar p la n s to chaos tram Walk rn closets, pan trios, polios Call C o ry 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
I M I Babcock at N W. L o a * 414 
M I-1228 
C alaa v H ouse I B e d ro o m , pool. bills ad SIPS t i l IS H 
________ 
C O N T E S S A T O W N H O U S E S . I O R 
2 B E D R O O M S , b ill* pd. *244 Id 
*225 New ly decorated, na pats ar children 824-4747 , 814-4744 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 414 Vance J a c kso n Rd. 
P A R K L IK E O R O U N O S 
2 B E D R O O M *215 B IL L S R O 
P A R K D A L E A P T S >41-4141 
Convenient I bedroom no side 

F R E E S E R V I C E 

APARTMENT FINDERS 

824 63b I 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 

IoCATOR SERVICE fc the lefter* 
I J ond 3 b ed roo m * turn or unturn 533 139o 
___ 
Fu lto n near Son P e d ro a ir, « room * m l l s 7813, 7)7 7588 ____ i i i 54 Fu rn ishe d "i ttedr oom Aul 
Au 2 B lk * Kelly Call Any O u r Or 
N*«K) 7.i-.m - lf p m 9214814 a a a a a a Hom e at you r awn can 
SI J I Fu rn ish ad I B ed room Apts, be you rs tor a s lim e a s s/o4 dawn 
* 1 
Air C all A n y D a y ar I v e s 7 14 ond paym ents toss than rant N o **7 E Huisache 2 b ed roo m , up 
_A M 
♦ P M i l l )>$! 
Credit ' No problem par, 4 ales. redecorated, a ir cen- 
I T u R N U N F U R N 
U tilit ie s ad. 
J B J R I A L TY 674 8483 Anytim e ditioned M ature adu lts enly, ne i_. a 
- 
------- 
- oo9% 
IL ©Q fat final v V P O iil 114$ 
__ 
E X T R A S P E C I A L '' 
G orgvu u * N E 3 b e d ro o m 
J both s h o e e n c lo se d B a llo b i o L O V I sa n Po o l * J 2o m o B ill* c a 
A P A H I M E N T 5 U N I IM I T E D 

S U 
M 
I ________ 

KINI AINE Bl I AU APTS 

 l ? J 5 E 
M 
U L B E R R Y 
L u x u r y liv in g ol re a s o n a b le p ric e 
L o r g e b ea utiful H itm e n .., e n d I o n d 2 b e d ro o m a p is 
L a r g e poo l next door lo F I 
S o m on<| t 
H o rn B r a c k e n r id g e G a il C o u r s e 
S e c o n d * tra m d o w n t o w n m in 
• r u m N o r t h S t a r a n d W in d s o r 
P a r k M uB l ie 5481 

I B ed room I Bath *142 $194 
7 Bedroom ! Bath *159 t il t 
3 B ed room I Bath *179 *244 
All utilities. Central A u and Hoot. 
R e frig e ra to r, R a nge. D e p o s a l. 
I D raperies, TV Antenna. Stora ge i U nits and M a ra A p p ro xim a te ly 
IS M in u te * tram M ilitary B o ta s 
924 4414 
2914 R a g se v t t A ve 
K IN G W IL L IA M area. Tw o lux u ry I b ed roo m apts a v a ila b le 
! *2*4 
Contact 
D a v id 
O tvo ra. ll?-4571. 
' 
L A B A N D E R A A P T S 
L U X U R Y I ond 2 bedroom apts 
I 
U lt B A N D E R A R D 4 3 1 J IM 
L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ) 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2911 E 
SO U TH C R O S S 
S M 14o4 

LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOMB 824 6661 
THE CHELSEA 824 8226 
Con tor appointment 
Lovely I bdrm studio townhouse. sp a cio u s. I 'N bath B a lc o n y 
In 
O ak Hitt*. M I 124?_______________ 

~ U R TOWNHOUSE 
2 Bedroom s, air. heat *144 W oter ad Patio 1*9 El M io-44* Ira N a pats M I 4*44, 494-5478, 824-4227 
N ear U T 5 A M ad C R and U S A A 
I or ae 2 bedroom, fully eau ie ped kitchen, d ra p e d and ca rp e te d . 
$175 M 9 >424 att * 34pm________ 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
Tw o bedroom I ar 2 bath. storage or everything and a private 

T H E H E R IT A G E 
1541 Babcock at N W, Loop aik 
MI-2228 
N E E D AN A P T 
C A L L U S 
T E X A S A P T L O C A T O R S 

O A K H IL L S V IL L A G E 
Apartm ents and Taw nhousas 
.it 

L a rg e I end I B ed room s 
F R O M $122 54 ( F U R N *144 ) 
114 V A N D E R H E C K 124 2149 
O F F 4*44 N N E W B R A U N F E L S 

3 bedroom , I • * bath *1(5 
W J B a r abey M I 1154 r t l f c A N T T O W N H O U S E ------ 
3-1' i I F ire p la c e s m a ile r suite, livin g W etbar. utility, bor-b-que. unique decor 
Atam e 
H gts schools. 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
A partm ent Loc ato rs t i t 5739 
E xce p itan gl. I bedroom . I beHt. c e n tra l heot. g a ra g e , yo rd . ap alienees. 5294 m o M I-4329 
E x d L u i t V e 

Pock® ) p le a sin g. 3-2-1. b ig den. built ins. cent air, $2o4 
United, 735-9121, tee (457 1) 
R E N f A L S 
W E H A N D L E 
C hoice N E R entals 
BUDDY DECKED 
874 7361, 1324 Austin H w y 
I 
Sierra N orth 3 bedroom . 2 b olh ,^ ! car garage, com pletely carpeted. I 
. central heat- oir. 4S3-59I8 atter 5 < pm w eekdays 
So u th e rn com fo rt, new paint, i bdrm, den, tireplace, S125 
United. 735-9)11, tee (449 3) 
S t M a r y 's — M e d Students 
E x c e p t io n a l d u p le x , 2-1, h u g h fenced yard, la rge patio. SH O mo 
Water pd. y o rd kept 434 7214 
3 2 2 stove, d ishw ashe r, disposal, j d r a p e s a n d f ir e p la c e 
I 5385 344 4297. 4(4-433o 
D e a n i e O w e n s C o . f E R R f e L L H I L L S ------------ 
1-2 with ga rd e n room 2 m inutes to 
Ft Sa m $275 m o 
454-1734 
REB CARPET 
TERRELL HULS DUPLEX 
Deluxe 2 bedroom , 2 bath, living ro om , den, c a r p e t s, sto v e , re i frigerator. w asher, dryer, private yard 111) m o Details 653-4119 i f T o w n h o u se , all a p p lia n c e s, carpel. w a sh e r-d rye r conn 
655 2425 
T R i P L E X : I b e d ro o m . ran ge , r e f r ig . , fe n c e d v o r d . w a lk to, ele m en ta ry t i l School, oft R o o ­ sevelt ond M itche ll 585 and SHO. plus utilities. *94-58)4 otter 5. 
4131 trop'.* oil I tu ii room J botfl, fenced back yard, carport. 515o 
658 777), *54 5 1 4 5 _______________ 
W estside I b drm , h as appl. g a r age. fenced for aal. 5125 united, 735 9121 tee (45o 3) 
W indw ood E sta te * near Boerne. 
3-1-2. I ' t year old rock house, on 
2' i acres, la rge oak trees, central o ir-heat. carpet, la u n d ry room, all electric kitchen, refrigerator, dis p osol, d is h w a s h e r , b uilt in self cle a n in g oven, c o m p a c to r, fire aloe*, so m e d ra p e rie s, c ove re d p a tio , e le c t r ic g a r a g e d o o r opener, built in b ar with ra fn g e r ator $45o m o 49o-1974 M O V* ie 
I teddy. 
W o o d la w n a re a . 2 i ll fe n c e d . storage are a 694-25o1 otter 4 
Y e a r aid. b e a u iiiu l hom e. i-J-l. 
Forest Glen. *325.44 per m o plus 
Deposit O o r*e v Co. 733-9184 

THE TAHITIAN 
2 Bedroom . I Bath. *234 
1-Bedroom . 2 Both. 15o4 ta rt 5344 
The location i* sa co n v e n ie n tly located a second fam ily car is not naadad 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
O ne Black To N orth Star Matt 
242 B IR C H L E A F . M 2 9215 

THE TARA APTS 
8o81 BROADWAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U nforgetabte a s its nam e 
1 B E D R O O M . 51*4. 
2 B E D R O O M . *215 
U T I L I T IE S R A ID 

.8 ?8-.?3 9 3 | 

41o ROUSES, RENT OR SELL 

T fi v 'l i"e V i n n 
M o u*^o T e osew dT ^o p?^or^o T ^^!^ d om in iu m for lease C ustom too a l I * * ' lures. pool. Iannis, fireplace Ta- 
N e a r L A P B - K A F B area. J-l-CP . 

T rin ity are a. 527 
*1*4 m g 711-4433 

 tally oautpped. trees, view of city, 
82* 9441. (21 o312. 
E x e c u tiv e E t o n V a l le y : i i f . b rick fireplace, lust *15o 
Untied. 715-9121, lee (494 l l 
E x e c u t iv e y e a r old. 548,4(4 44 hom e In L a rk s p u r P lu sh carp el mg, 3-2 2 A vailab le Is l A p ril Now 
' sh o w in g by a p p o in tm e n t. 5425, 
, per m o plus deposit D o rse y Co. 
731-9184 
--------------FTS r 
B g W T l L -------------- 
4-2-1. fenced yo rd All a optionees 
*175 m g 
I D E A N IE O W E N S C O 
453 435o j F i r s t t im * en the m a rk e t , 
C am elot, 1 1 1, o ir h eat w ater so H n e r. N E sc h o o l*. *225. m o 
455 4497 atter 5pm 
------------ f o BT I Ase------------ 
4 bedroom . 3 bath. rock hom e in 
O lm os P o rk 1395 m a 
124-3488 
(2(o851 
E 
H u isa c h e . f t r e ih p a in t 

 freshly painted and cleaned, stor age room. patio and fenced yord 
Available new 484 4o79 o n e r 4 pm ond weekend*.___________________ 
* ro o m s a n d Bath. I? ? K A U F F 
M A N ST C an 514-4847 

112 BOOMS FURNISHED 

A T a m o H g ? T s e t T T r 7 l' 7 o i r ,!M!Ot detached turn room , parage, bills od 37o references. (24 o2oo 
ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, daily, w eekly rates 
Dow ntow n 315 N M ain f r f l V A Y E b e d ro o m a n d both. 
(clean), no sm okin g. 732-5154 

V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S 
)-> Bedroom s, and ith c ie n c e s 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
841) N Now B ra u n fe ls 111 424? 
M I 49 IS W M agnolia 
A p a r t m e n t s tra m *14o a n a up 
N ear SAC. convenient shopping. b us linos Call 733-915?___________ 
1923 W 
T r a v is , 4 ro o m s. b us. school, by Cantona I 344-7995 

 shag , I aaats. SK S UP Pointers 
■ tjliLH * "■V' .'JLI*? n u 
_____ 
Goodwin Apts 12o7 Landing, can lr el air l f bedrooms. *344. bills paid M I 4113 
/•Merlon area. nice I bad#aam, 
Adults Ne gat* 713.4737 

•LINDA APTS* 
233 HOW ARD 
I Blk 
M etrap atitan H o sp ital 
Medical Professional B id i Bap list H o sp ita l and M e in B a n k 
Large I aaa 3 bedrooms Adults. na pa*$. 
226 8492 

ALL UTILITIES PO 
BRO O KS M C C R B L E 5 S A R B A 
Larga I bedroom unfurn $1*9 
I or ge 2 bedroom unfur rn 5245 
SO U T H P O R T A P A R T M E N T S 
>544 
$. 
N EW 
B R A U N F E L S 
533 1344 
A P A R T M E N T roe sea BEI*, eau 
Fie*, gt bus Hog / ll *334 
___ 
Attractive 4 roams, downstairs, 
••replace air. Bus, waler ad 11*4 
M I 8875 
B E A U T IF U L Trot House Apts in garden Complex, near Bracken ridge Pk Trinity U and Dawn town View et City Peat Laundry 
M odem end com fortable M an ager M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS IJ K f Mulberry fj? M I* 

PUNT LOVERS 
AM at our apartments have large p atio s ar b a lco n ie s tar yo u r plants Star ape roams with every apartm ent end lets at clo se t space I bedroom I bath ar I ba dream 2 baths. Call today! 
THE H E R IT A G E 
IM S Babcock at N W Loo# 41# 
MI-3328 

Prestigious Meiahbortiood 
H uge 2 Tearoom, I b ath s with 
French doers, large boxed win dows. be au tifu lly la n d sc a p e d tennis cdurts. hooted goat. vary air vale 
( A A PA R T M EN T LO C ATO R S 
_____________ t i l i i i ! _____________ 
REGENCY HOUSE 
I A N O I Bedroom agt*, p re * tiglon sty tee ated aa Harry W uri- 
B ach across tram PY ( A M Qalt 
Course Fro m U l t , Bitts ad 
#34-MI I, 81* 2388. 818 IH I 

4o6 HOMES. DUPLEXES 
LUHNISHEB x T T r r s x n r a s r T O : private *82 Water ad 435 9144 
Aloma tits tov sly private duplex totally torn 353 Witdrose m c 'B a i l A V Southside, i room dup child welcome. 816 2231 
) bedroom . I Aalii, ta rp * d o B . 'S T tone ad *258 414-4*48 
I bedroom Kau**, J TM Ti* RivgT side Or South 448-24S8 
T r ill' pd rear garage apl, Dias garage, tensed tar pets. SU S 
United. 735 9111, tee (449 I) lu d g e i seekers fenced privacy. I 

T T 'd r i fenced. SIM . yrs term 
United. 735-9111. toe (*eg t) 

IMO FDUON 
Large, re decorated 2 bedroom i house. $148, *35 property deposit 
Look and call S II 947 1*44. 

I Glad Oaks. big i i dta. appl. cen trot weather, fenced. *258 
United, 735 9121. tee (5o8 3) 
G ro w in g io m iiy ? 2 bdrm , air. 

414 ROOMS, UNFURNISHED 

 p o 'C 
T T C n T a r p e t e ^ n e w ly remodeled, on bus line Neor I dining. <o»*qes 733 77/5 

 tit nim iii min or nisi fx e c u R v e "w o n irT T r“^ r 3 r o e m heme in NW part at city About 
25o8 va It and up Far 4 mo white our home is being built M9 5*49 

 rage. pats 5144 
15 9121. lee (541 2) 

 bdrm den garage 175 
United, 735-fill, tee (474 3) 
I heck Min Mw I bdrm air car pa tad M is pd, *115 
Untied, 735 kill, ta* (454 ll ciuglex near bf. Sam, I bedroom 
I bath lanced, water paid. 545 me 
434 3731 
I 
M Y R T L I , I bedroom duple?. near (AC. Trinity 715 7114 
K n r ; " ^ 
M )a d ~ r i a r ^ r o \ aaa). storage lenten S II* 
United. 715 9121. fee 14541) t i Ai" e l I A lie o n f bed room m obil* borne i t l l plus deposit 
4(4 M7» ar 484 M al 

Untrod, 735-1 
H andym ans special. l l. wort- shop. high fenced, *194. txtra* ■ 
United, 71*9121, tee (4411) 

 blk* M cCreless Clr Clean I be dream ham *, teaced (ingle ar couple *9o 494 375) 
I 

HOMES S2Qo TOTAL may# in I and 4 bedrooms Why rant? Anybody can buy 
June payment 
*744134_______ R A E Real Estate immaculate Northsida ) bedroom house, H IO p lu s t*9 deposit ori 2**4 tar BROt im maculate i i townhouse NW appliances, central air heal, car pat, drg— s $1*8. 444 94U i l l Immediate occupancy neor 
Kunaoiph and Ft lam , $325 mo 
441 54 IO 
In KcAertl. 3-1-1."Tease fenced steve, seme drapes, carpet neat pool, ne pets. *244 
Plus dep 
858-88W. 
Jefferson, carpeted. J bdrm, tips appl, plenty et air, $14* 
United. 71*9111. toe (457-1) 

 ll Ids pets wtlcome MW ) bdrm 3 bath tensed HIO. celt 
................................................................................................ 
U n ite d . H i 9) 11, t a * (444 I ) 

 s V V i x . I J J o ‘, 
" 
« «•/•• r u . m ! u h . id 1 j M ir . 
•N W " 11 Mix 
OIA cent Heal air 623$ #♦* HSA 
United. 7349131, tee ( M i t) 
! 
* 
** unite*. TIS tee i m * it r n " 1 l r r - r t h m r r -i r i • r~». 
», r 
" n 
* 
K / B k k itc h e n , b ** u f t f u i vngl# special I Bdrm house. CF. yard, can yam en I Ie M ed Cntr, d in in g carpet I t l l 
USAA. 
A . ! I * 
I b MBBUM 
494 ti*] 

 a n 
"N o w that's idea! 
Let the 
Classified ads be your garage sale market place1" 
Call 
225-1666 

Q: How k 

 m a n y 
^ y earthlings have walked the moon? 

A: Twelve, beginning with Apollo-Saturn 
U 's Armstrong and 
Aldrin and. most recently, Apollo- 
Sat urn 17’s Cernan and Schmitt. For the moonwaikers in- between, consult the new. 1977 World 
Almanac. A million facts about everything important on earth — and elsewhere. 

 iii!: 
Q tW hof won the 
A.L.&N.L. 
MVPs in 
1944? 

A: A L . - H a l ; 
Newhouser. N.L.— 
Martin Marion. 
More sports facts on everything from baseball, boxing and badminton to football, fishing and fencing are in The 1977 
World Almanac. Ifs a sports-book within- a-book — now on sale throughout this area. 

Q: Where was Henry 
(“ Fonzie” ) 
Winkler bom? 

A: The Western 
I C 
World's newest heart- throb was bom in 
New York, N.Y. 
To find out when, or to find hometowns or ages of thousands of your favorite stars, celebrities and other noted personalities, look in The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts. It's a dozen books in one, including a People 
Book. Available at our public service counter. 
Get your copy today. 

 g 

Q: Wliat is 
Nadia $ 
Comanecis nationality9 

A: The young gvmnastic sensation of the Montreal 
Olympics is 
Romanian. 
For fascinating facts on amateur and professional athletics 
—or details on cities and nations around the globe - get your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac. It's a dozen books in one. 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

U H f R ? 

1 | i t i i s l l 

EXPRESS NEWS 
Scents 

Saturday March 19 1977 

Page 
I *E ★ 

VALENTINO LIKES WHITE 
...also boleros, lace, narrow pants 
ROMANCE OF RUFFLES 
• •• and a calypso beat 

 l*HOTOS SY PAT MAMIITON 
Italian accent over evening at McNay 

By MILDRED WHITEAKER 
Women's Editor 
Some 
35o elegantly dressed men and women strolled the galleries and patio of McNay Art Institute for “ Festa Italiana” — de­ spite the fact that many of the invitations were never received. 
A h ard -w o rk in g telephone com m ittee was responsible for the turnout and the success of the gala, sponsored by the Friends of the McNay and Frost Bros. The 
Friends have friends indeed! 
Although held on St. Patrick's 
Day. the black tie benefit for the m useum was Italian almost all the way — except for a calypso touch of Brazil! 
Guests dined at a “ O n a Ita- liana” served buffet style and featuring new versions of recipes from ancient Italian families. 
Highlight of the evening was the presentation of the spring and sum m er fashions of Roman de­ signer Valentino, who calls this his “ Happy Collection/’ An apt description. 
The c lo th e s have a young, happy a ir — though th e y ’re designed for women “ from 18 to 
8o.” noted A ngela Istok. vice president and director of the Va­ lentino operations in the United 
States. 

Miss Istok was Frost’s special guest . along with Stanley Platos, 
V alentino's director of sales in the U. S. Both make their head­ quarters in New York. 
The spirited show was held in the Sylvan and Mary Lang Gal­ lery against a setting of palms and colorful tropical flowers ca r­ rying out Valentino’s Brazilian theme. 
M odels danced and p ran ced down the zig-zag runway to a ca­ lypso beat — in the same manner the show was presented in Valen­ tino’s 
Paris opening. 
Models-’ obviously were having a fine time and the audience was enthusias­ tic, a combination that’s hard to beat at a fashion show. 
Bolero 

F'or this writer, as well as other women in the audience, the event was tinged with nostalgia. One of 
Valentino's main themes is the revival of the bolero, that short, sassy jacket which was almost a 
“ uniform’’ in this country in the late 4os 
He uses the bolero in varied ways with skirts, with pants or sometimes with both. 
The second major “ shape" of the collection is the apron, which is really two skirts — one over the o th e r. The sh o rter one is the apron! He uses this twosome in daytime and evening lengths. 
O th e r fashion notes a re m s newly-narrowed pants ( “ Almost 

 a jeans cut," according to Miss) 
Istok); shirttails worn on the out­ side; dram atic touches of lace; j flowers in the hair, lots of white| 
— and a snappy little straw derby with the sporty ensembles. 
For evening, he m ay team white pants with an apron or hip-stitched skirt (accented with1 lace) and an off-shoulder blouse. 
Or by day. he m ay com bine' pants and shirt and bolero. The belted shirttail gives a new sil­ houette with the bolero. 
Daytime skirts often have an inverted pleat all the way up the back — great for walking but not so good for sitting. 
Among Valentino’s favorite co­ lor combinations are white with tobacco or white with tobacco and black. And he is using a beautiful, bright shade of blue. 
John Palmer Leeper, director of McNay, welcomed guests, and 
Richard 
Frontman, executive vice president of Frost’s, set the scene for the show. 
“ Get ready for the glory oi white, the romance of ruffles, the flowering of prints, the fun of aprons and the beat of the bo­ lero.” said Frontm an The Small 
World Combo provided a terrific calypso beat of its own. 
Don Strange was responsible for the Italian gourmet food. 
The audience was fashionabl> attired — with the women in short party dresses looking the newest and sharpest. 
SPRING 
CLEARANCE! 

B l o u s e s ! Were $18 to $25 

P a n t s ! Were $13 to $23, now 

YOUR CHOICE 
$7 W 

U t f t g ro up o f p o ly e ste r 

 j £ " M - 
‘ 'tk y n y lo n tk ir t t 
1 color 1 Mitt** tilt* 

SIZES 6 - 1 6 

SPRING DRESSES 

Sizes 6-16 
'A OFF 
Gotke^-C 
7217 ScurvP&dtnjfr- 34-1-214-1 

TWO BLOCKS SOUTH OP 
CENTRAL FARK MALL 

Reg. $4o. 

School events 

St. C ecilia's 
St C ecilia’s PTC will hold a 
St. 
P a tr ic k ’s 
Dance from 9 a.m. until I a m. in St. Cecilia’s So­ cial Center on Saturday. 
Music will be by Mon­ santo. P re s a le tick ets will be discounted Mrs. 
Alfred Andrade is ticket chairman. 
Edgewood 
Edgewood School Dis­ tric t 
E d u catio n al 
Secretaries will sponsor a scholarship dance at 8 p m. Friday in the Royal 
P alace B allroom . This year’s scholarship w ill be for an Fxigewood High 
School senior. 
Music* will be by Tucan and door prizes awarded. 
T ic k e ts m ay be p u r­ chased at the door or from Leonor Acuna or any EESA member. 

PT A council slates panel 

North East School Dis­ trict Council of PT As will meet at o:3o a rn. Tues­ day in the Blossom Stu­ dent Activities Building. 
B etty 
Joh n so n and 
Richard Middleton will p re s e n t 
“ A ustin 
U p­ date.” A panel discussion will be presented review­ ing the cu rren t legisla­ tion affecting education. 
This program will i i i form patrons who will he going to Austin April 8 I 

STANLEY PLATOS AND ANGELA ISTOK 
...Valentino executives at McNay ‘Festa Italiana* 

NEW LIFE CENTER 
ADULT SUNDAY SCHOOL IO A.M. 
CHURCH SERVICE 11 A.M. 
WEEKLY CLASSES 
Lessons In Truth ......................... Wed. 11 OO a.m. 
Laws Of Prosperity ........................... W ed . 8 P.M. 
Laws Of Prosperity ........................ Thurs. 11 a m. 
Seth Material .................................... Thurs. 8 p.m. 
ESP & Meditation ..... 
Fri. 8 p.m. 
FUTURE CLASSES 
The Case for Im mortality 
Beginning---- Mon. Apr. 4 
Auras 
Beginning.................. Apr. 11 
Meditate To Self 
Beginning .............. - Apr. 18 
Self Hypnosis Clinic beginning .... 
Mon., May 2 
Psycho Cybernetics 
Begtnmg ----- Tues.. May 3 
CAU FOR INFORMATION 734-o511 
KOGER EXECUTIVE CENTER 
(Babcock and 41o) 
4242 Piedras Dr. Suite 25o 
M em ber In ternation al N e tv Thought A llia n c e _____ 

SHOW 

LESLIE FAV 

 today, 1:oo, in the mall court, north star mall, spring & summer dressing premieres with a runway show of leslie fay s latest collection, a fashion envoy will be on hand to assist you with selections, soon horn, the look of separates, all in one, green or blue with white, encron® polyester, 6 to 14 sizes, 48.oo. the collection will also be modeled informally in the spectator shop, 1o:oo to 4:o1). 

FROST BROS. 

Saturday M arch 19 1977 
Lift a stein to 
German food 

Fashions 

\ ' 
' * 
* for spring 

Americans respect the little businessman when he is a hard worker said Horst Kau. wip­ ing his hands on his gravy-soiled apron and joining us for coffee after Sunday lunch. 

My husband, my parents and I were having a leisurely meal in his Little 
Bavarian Restaurant at 21o2 S. Presa, 
“ just beyond the railroad tracks.” 
Ran and his wife Erns have been in the United States 23 years and ob- viously have worked hard to establish their business. 
They do ev ery th in g around the restaurant—from cooking to serving to occasionally entertaining (he plays the guitar she sings). 
Ran even decorated Little Bavarian to look like the ‘old-fashioned" places in his homeland 
The cook is an a rtis t," he says. 
When you have good taste for food, you have good taste all a ro u n d ” 
Rau describes himself as a “ profes­ sional cook from Germany.” 
But he gives credit for his success to his family as well as to the restaura­ teurs and hoteliers under whom he trained. 
“ The influence from my parents is very strong," he explains. "It goes with you all your life. You remember the ‘tastt's.' 
INcw York 
Kau has brought some of those tastes of Germany to San Antonio via Canada, 
New York (where he cooked at Lu­ d lo w ’*), New J e rs e y and M iami 
Beach. 
(His experiences before that include cooking on a ship before the war and serving three years with the German 
Army in Russia.) 
The Rail s first restaurant in San 
Antonio was a German delicatessen at the corner of East Houston and Travis. 
Now in their fifth year at Little Ba­ varian. they're dishing out German specialties such as Sauerbraten and 
Beef Roulade (my two favorites), an occasional Veal S c a llo p in g (good cooks learn to prepare all cuisines. 
Rau says) and Veal Cordon Bleu (call ahead to order this). 
Rail s philosophy is to offer good food at rea so n ab le p rice s 
—so customers will come back for more 
And to help keep down costs by not hiring too many employes. 
We thought the service could have been more prompt, though our wai- 

 j Where lo go 
What lo eat 

B> Jane llbrich 

 tress Erm gard (she was the only one on duty) with her heavy German ac­ cent and perky answer to everything, certainly added to the atmosphere. 

And Rail s periodic tours through the dining rooms were a friendly gesture. 

All entrees are priced below $3 and are serv ed with a salad and som e combination of dumpling, vegetable and gravy. 

Hot spice 

The salad dressing as well as Mrs. 
Rail’s famous cucumber pickles are flavored with a slightly-hot (mustard seed, mavbe?) spice. 

We ordered the Sauerbraten, Beef 
Roulade Yager-Schnit/el (veal cutlet. with mushrooms) and Cassler-Ripp- chen (smoked pork loin). 

Of the four, the first two were the most flavorful, although each plate was a generous, hearty meal. 

Beverage prices seemed high by comparison. Imported (G erm an, of course!) beer is $11o per bottle and domestic beers range are HO and 73 

C ( ‘l l t S . 

Wines (German Rhine or rose) are KO cents a glass. 

All desserts are 7o cents. Only the apple streudel (ours were cooked in dumpling style) is homemade. 

Weekday lunches range from $1.5o to 
$2.5o and include a variety of typical 
German (and some American) sand­ wiches. 

Little Bavarian is open from ll a.in. to 3 p.m. and from 5 to 9 p.m. Tuesday through Friday, from 5 to midnight 
Saturday and from I to 7 p.m. Sunday. 

(Try to time your visit so you don't get caught by a four-diesel engine pulling a mile-long string of Southern 
Pacific freight cars like we did!) 

I lift my stein to tins little bit of 
Germany just south of San Antonio’s business district. 

Party closes opening night of dinner play 

By EVE LYNN 
SAWYER 

The First Nighter 
Party follow ing the op en in g of the 
Church 
T h e a te r ’s play “ Two for the 
S e e s a w ” capped a highly en tertain in g evening. 
Guests met the show’s stars. 
Tom Parker and 
Terri Pena R oss and complimented them for their fast-paced perfor­ mance. 
Parker is the artistic d irec to r of the theater staff. 
Terri told us she started acting in college at UT and m arrie d the director of her first col­ lege show, Allen Ross. 
With her rehearsals for 
" S e e s a w " , w hich con­ tinues through April 1H, and his re h e a rs a ls for 
“ Hamlet” opening at 
Incarnate Word College next week, “ we haven’t seen much of each other lately." 
Although this is Ter­ ri’s first play for the 
Church Theater, she has performed at the Hacien­ da Theater. 

Who, 

 painted all of the homes on King William Street and has just had them published in an unusual pair of books en titled 
“Caroline Shelton Paints 
King William Street.” 
The King William As­ sociation has published 
1,ooo copies of the pair of books. Two panels 1H feet long with all the homes adjoining on the north 
^ side of the s tre e t are printed in one book, and chiffon, h an d k e rch ie f those on the Southside print dress in mauve and are *n the other. 

Where 
ON THC 
SOCIAL SCSIlt 

 blues with a huge white orchid on her shoulder. 
She told us sh e ’s also 

Mrs. Shelton will give her original water colors of the homes to the asso- choreographing 
“Cyra- Fiatj on. at a Part-V to he no at the Ft. Sam Play­ house. 
Vivian Hamlin was party hostess in the King 
William home she had m oved into only six weeks earlier. The old 
Ball House was built in 
I SHK and is now ow ned by 
Ken Caswell. 

Gift 

Mrs. Hamlin said ’hat 

 held in the hom e of 
Waller N. Mathis from 3 to 6 p.m. Sunday. April in. All proceeds from the sale of the books will go to the association. 
W eather p e rm ittin g , the party, complete with a German band, will be held in the gardens of the 
Mathis home. Otherwise, guests will be entertained indoors. Invitations have been sent to all those who when it was previously have purchased an ad- purchased by 
Marshall Vance copy of the book 

Estella N aran jo will show this D iane Von Furstenberg dress and 
Mrs. Paul Ivy will model a M ary Jane Maternity dress at the Beta 
Sigm a Phi Fashion Show at noon Saturday at C an yo n Creek 
Country Club. Fashions will be from Dillard's. 
Cold cream is handy cleaner 

The 
Biggest 
PUNCH 
Gets the 
Best Results 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Recently you published a letter from a wife who was ashamed of her hus­ band’s hands. He was a mechanic and his hands looked dirty, especially under the fingernails. 
Years ago I was intro­ duced to a m an w ho had the best-looking nails and hands I had ever seen. I was surprised when my friends told me he was an automobile mechanic. 
His treatm ent consist­ ed of keeping a mr of cold cream (the cheapest he could buy) in his locker. 
Every m orning before he started to work, he would stick his fingers and thumb into this jar and rub the excess cream a1! over his hands and wrists. 
When he finished he wiped off the grease with paper towels, washed his hands and was ready for an evening of bridge or whatever. 
Another m e ch a n ic, who also used cold cream, kept a heavy bath towel handy. He pushed the cuticle buck on each finger and his nails looked great. — Another 
Fan 
Dear Fan: Thanks for the tip. A nother w riter said lard w orks just as well as cold cream — and it s cheaper. The things you folks te a c h each other! Isn’t it beautiful? 
Here's a n o th er su g g es­ tion: 

Ann 

Landers 

 will wash the grease and grime away. — Bayou 

Dear Bayou: Thanks to you and m y friend He- loisc. Here’s another tip: 

Dear Ann: 
Before the days of d e terg en ts, en­ gineers and m echanics cleaned their hands the natural way. If you care to pass it on, feel free! 

Use about V* pint of or­ dinary m o to r oil and wash the hands in it until the g r e a s e disso lv es. 
Then wipe clean with a piece of cloth Finish with warm w a te r and m ild soap. It w o rk s like a charm. — F.M.C. 
, press, Box 2171, San An- 
Dear K M T .: Sounds tonio, Tex. 78297. sensible. — Thanks for writing. 

 too, am asham ed when I think of all the time** I mouthed off to th em . 
They want the best for me. but when I get angry, 
I don’t s e e m to re ­ member that 
At night when I lay in bcd, I th a n k the good 
Lord for giving me such wonderful parents. The letter from “ Thanks for the M e m o rie s " really made me think. 
My parents read your column every day. I hope you will print my letter. 
They will know I wrote it. 

Dear Friend: I am not printing your signature or city. A g reat many parents who have 
13-year-old daughters, would like to think this letter w as w ritte n by their c h ild . L e t’s let them. 
Is alcoholism ruining your life? 
Know the danger signals and what to do. Read the booklet, 
“ Alcoholism — Hope and 
Help,” by Ann Landers. 
Enclose 5o cents in coin with your request and a long, s ta m p e d , self-ad­ dressed envelope to Ann 
Landers, care of The Kx- 

Memoriee 

Sugar 

Pack that 

Dear 
Ann: 
Tell the mechanic’s wife to keep a large s h a k e r of su g a r handy — near the sink. 
When he washes his hands, no m a tte r what kind of soap he uses, if he shakes a little sugar into the palms of his hands, he 

Dear Ann: I want to say 
“thank you” to “Thanks for the M em ories,” the girl who wrote and said her father died when he w as 42. 
She was ashamed of the tim es sh e had talk ed back to him and was sick at heart that her father would n e v e r walk her down the wedding aisle or see her first-born child. 
She wrote, "I wish I had seen such a letter when I was 13.” 
Well, I’m 13 and I ha\e never been so touched by a letter in all the years 
I've been reading your column. 
Both my parents art* living, thank God, but I, 

Antique 

Series 

Bart VU, the last in the series on Collect­ ing the New Antiques, will be published in the Monday Express. 

Director 

W illiam A. Larsen, managing director of the theater, was inviting all the guests to taste the liver pate. He was the one who made the delicacy, and he told us he does g o u rm et cooking as a hobby. 
Larsen volunteers his time at this theater, and is also in charge of the Ft. 
Sam Houston Playhouse and the Harlequin Dinner 
Theater. 
In addition. Larsen is a former Minister of Mu­ sic for the First Baptist 
Church in Battle Creek, 
Mich. The idea of having a theater in a church was a n atural for him with his background. 
He told of looking for a suitable building in the 
King William area that could be used for plays. 
One Sunday morning he and his wife. 
Marcia. were driving past the old 
Methodist Church dated 
191o. and noticed that no people were coming out of it. 

Purchase 

When he discovered the church was for sale, he bought it and convert­ ed it into the dinner theater with very slight m o d ific atio n s. Before opening the theater. Lar­ sen even designed the d in n e r m enus and trained tile chef. 
Judy 
Jay 
Mumnta, ehoreographer-direetor,, attended the show with h u sb an d , 
Dr. 
John 
Mumma. 
He is also theatrically minded and as an avocation, sings and dances. 
Judy was wearing a 

Friendship 
Tea Sunday 

A lam o 
C h a rter 
Chapter, American Busi­ ness W om en’s Associa­ tion, will hold a Hand of Friendship Tea from 3 to 5 p.m. Sunday in the home of Jan Williamson. 
Chapter will hold the regular meeting at ti:3o p.m. Tuesday in Arden 
Grove Party House. 

Steves as a birthday gift for his wife, Patsy, Steves had extensive restoration done. “ They did such a good job, the Conserva­ tion Society gave them a plaque 

O thers in terested in o b ta in in g a copy and having Mrs. Shelton au­ tograph it at the party may make arrangements by calling the King Wil­ liam Association. Those 
Hanging on the dining assisting with the party room wall are two of the planned for Easter Sun- 
King 
W illiam stre e t day afternoon in addition homes painted and auto- to Mathis are Mrs. Hugo graphed by artist, Caro- Elm endorf. Mrs. Alva line Shelton. 
Conner and Miss Cather- 
Mrs. 
Shelton has ine Brewer. 

Wing 

 th le a th e r C ushion* 

THE TEXAS TOUCH 

R ound T able, in 48". 6o". 72", 84" end 9 6 " Diameter* 

In d ivid u alistic . . . ru g g e d . . . ageless. O u r fam ous 

 hand-crafted furniture . . . Texas Ranch . . . New Eng­ 

 land Farmhouse and Spanish Provincial. Custom made 

 in solid Ponderosa Pin*. Visit our new showroom and 

 see complete room groupings with uniquely appropri­ 

 ate accessories . . . fine prints, copper, lamps. Take a 

 tour of our interesting shops. Let us design something 

•specially for you. Write or call for free illustrated brochure. 
Tri1 nj r£2i_ kjr *“v* 

• • — 
VBR* 
P l if—rr-yJV 

. ■ — -. 

 i f TV r 

W.R. DALLAS 

 t jjn c u i n i / Ute 

I * ( m d u t t a l l * l o o p 4 I o •• t r u n k w a y , d i n t . N o r t h u n 
B r o a d w a y . J b lo tto p o o l S t n v o n o rt. tu rn rig h t o n C o o O o o 
Urn* 

' 
2121 Cee G ee Lane 
828-o767 

Son Antonio, Texas 78217 

BEDDING PLANTS by Scientific Farms Greenhouses 
See real quality at good prices! 
SPECIALS: 
• Bedding Plants at 35« Per Tray 
• K alan ch oe s at $1.5o 
• Q u ality Geranium s at $ 1 .2 5 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

1o418 Psrrin-Beitsl Rd. 
(Turn at tign next to Longhorn C em ent; neat d o o r to United Discount Furniture! 

 love i s 

 lX 

JA I 
B f 

....hoping her doq will like you as well. 

TP IP * U k 
Otl 
OH nyn 
• ttrr UM «"pm tt»uo 

NO W IS THE TIME... 
SPRAY YOUR TREES 
FOR ARM Y W O RM S 
— GUARANTEED SERVICE— 

CALL US FOR COMPLETE HOM E A N D 
LAW N PEST C O N T R O L.................. 
828-1155 
H 
HOLLIMON 
PEST CONTROL 
53o7 BROADWAY 
SAN ANTONIO, TIX. 782o9 

TV LISTINGS 

ItttiiW C*l*f«fc4 ** 
Hilt 
6»f IiKRHHtd fcf »hf *« 
Uttiam o»A «♦# *ti4f#<* to foil <RiftuN> (kong** 
TH# 
»* no* rtspps v»bl* wH#n out rn *r»©« 

11:3o a.m. (Ch. 12) * 
A M ERIC AN 
BAN D ­ 
STAND - Latimore and the British rock group. 
The Babys, are Dick 
Clark's special guests. 

12:3o p.m. (Ch 5) - CBS 
C H ILD R E N 'S 
FILM 

F E S T IV A L 
- 
The 
Shopping Bag Lady” tells the story of a woman who lives in Central Park and carries her few pre­ cious belongings in old shopping bags. 

3:3o 
(Ch. 
5) 
- 
CBS 

SPO RTS SPEC T A C U ­ 
LAR - Steve McPeak at­ tempts an unprecedented uphill wire-walk from 
Urea to Sugarloaf peek, outside of Rio dc Janeiro, 
Brazil; and the European 
Figure Skating Cham­ pionships are featured. 

4 (Ch. 12) - ARC S WIDE 
W ORLD OF SPO RTS - 
Today’s show features 
Men’s World Cup Down­ hill 
Skiing 
Championships; the 
Duke Kahanamoku Surf­ ing Classic; and the 
U.S.-U.S.S R .-Canada 
Track and Field Meet. 

3 (Ch. 4) - MUSIC HALL 
AMERICA - The Statler 
Brothers star. Guests in­ clude 
Brenda 
Lee, 
Ronnie 
Dove, 
Earl 
Scruggs Revue, Three of a Kind, Billy Swan, Dean 
Rutherford and come­ dian Lonnie Shore. 

6 (Ch. 12) - THE LAW ­ 
RENCE W ELK SHOW - 
Top American songw­ riters are saluted ton­ ight. 

6 (Ch. 12) - S E S A M E 
S T R E E T AT NIGHT - 
Gene Shalit is host of an adult look at “ Sesame 
Street” fir those who don't know what they’ve been missing. Featured are excerpts from some of the best of the series, including guest appear­ ances of nearly IOO stars. 

7 (Ch. 3) - THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
In the last episode of the program, a new owner takes over the television 

KMOl-TV KENS-TV KIRN-TV KSAT-TV KWEX-TV 

O 
NSC 
GI 
CBS 
O - t d 
© 
ABC 
CD -Iud 

NORMA ZIMMER 
. . . Lawrence Welk 

 station and he isn t happy with the ratings of the news department. The axe is going to fall As a fitting finale, l>oth Rhoda and Phyllis come to 
Minneapolis to see Mary. 

7 
(Ch, 4) 
• E M E R ­ 
GENCY! • “ Isolation.” A community is completely isolated during a heavy rainstorm, and the only source of medical supply is what Paramedics De- 
Soto and Gage have with them. They help the local doctor dispense aid. 

7:3o (Ch. 3) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - The 
Hartleys are host tonight to their friends Cliff (the 
Peeper) and Corinne 
Murdock when Em ily makes her special an­ nouncement. She shocks them all by telling them she’s pregnant. 

8 (Ch. I) - NHC S A U R 
DAY NIGHT AT TH E 
M O V IES - “ The Man 
Who Loved Cat Danc­ ing." (R) Burt Reynolds stars as a former cavalry officer who is released from prison for slaying the man who killed his 
Indian wife. He attempts to roo a train for money to get his children back, when a woman (Sarah 
Miles) breaks into the middle of the crime. So he takes her prisoner. 
Lee J. Cobb, Jack W ar­ den and George Hamilton are featured 

8 (Ch. 3) • ALL IN THE 

CASEY STENGEL 

. . . on PBS 

F A M IL Y - ( R ) While celebrating Mike’s new­ found success, the Stivics are shocked when they are told that Archie has joined the ranks of the nation s unemployed. 

8:3o (Ch. 5) - ALICE • A paper bag full of money left in Mel’s Diner after the breakfast rush has everyone dreaming of ways to spend it. and only 
Alice worrying about how to return it. 

9 (Ch 5) - THE CAROL 
BU R N ET T 
SHOW 

Singer-composer Neil 
Sedaka and Carol prove there’s more than one way to sing a hit song. in a musical production number based on Seda- ka's composition “ Love 
Will Keep Us Together.’’ 

1o:1o (Ch. 9) - THE TWO 
OF US - An eight-year- old Jewish boy in Nazi- occupied France is sent by his parents in 1944 to hide in the country with 
Catholic relatives of friends. Ile is teased by classmates and wel­ comed warmly by 
Gramps, who doesn’t know the boy is Jewish. 
With Gramps, who is as anti-Semitic as he is lo­ vable, the boy develops an affectionate - and confusing - relationship. 

1o:3o (Ch 12) - SUPER- 
STAR CIN EM A - 
The 
Harder 
They 
F a ll.” 
Humphrey Bogart, Rod 
Steiger and Jan Sterling star. An unemployed re­ porter promotes a fighter for the syndicate, and through devious means gets him a title bout. Re­ porter. feeling remorse. does an expose on the fight racket. 

IO 13 (Ch 4) - NBC'S SA­ 
TURD AY NIGHT - Ve­ teran actor Broderick 
( rawford is hot. Musical guests are the Meters group and singer Dr. 
John. 

11:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BIG 
SHOW - “ After the Fox.” 
Peter Sellers, Victor Ma­ ture and Britt Kkland star. An Italian criminal mastermind enlists the aid of a fishing village to land $3 million from a 
Cairo bullion robbery us­ ing the guise of filming a 
I no\ ie. 

■ a v oo ti 
# 
I S * 

I n 
: 

 ie Woody 
S oodperker Show 
I ie Pink Pantile/ 
I nigh 

 ylvester S weety lue Club 
I 

 ilia Alegre 
I 

Bister Rogers teighborhood 

 he Tom t Jerry/ 
Rumbly Show abberiaw 
“ 
I 

"JC 

’'Wee' 

 rn. 
C a p illitia 

 p .m ., C h ii 

 r n 
E l C h a p u lin 

C o lo ra d o 

7:3o p .m ., 

C h . 41 

 o r os 

 our* W 
I ugs Bunny/ oodrunner Hour lesome Street kooby Doc/ lynomutt Show 

o “* 
7 

 peed Buggy 

 toaster Squad 

 orion, lord jf the Jungle 
Dew Adventures al Bofmon 

Once Upon 
A flossie 
Zoom 
The Kroffts 
Supershow 
I 

■ oo S 

| 
o 
3 ° * 
■ W 
45 

 jo« Ghost'* ronkenstetn lr ig John, title John 

Sholom/ sis Hour 
Infinity factory 

Rebop 
Super friends 

M O B 
OO 

 l l 
' 
I I 
TO I 
I I '45 I 

 irondstand ll IO) NCU knketball 
> irx I a hand o • iiprengooci 

Fat Albert and the Cosby Rids 
Arle ll 

Carroscolendas 

Crockett s Victory 
Garden 

Oddball Couple 

Amencon 
Bandstand 

OO 

1 
2 i i 
- 

Way Out Gomes 

CBS Children s film festival 

Grand Prix 
Tennis 
' The Volvo 
Classic 

Dick Clark is host 
Opinion 

■ I 
OO 
I 15 
I 
3o 
I 
45 

- 

America. The 
Young Experience 
Saturday Matinee 
Who Oone It 

- 

PGA Tournament 
Players 
Championship 
Third round 

 lo Vol del fvongelio 
El Show de Cornuto 
OS 
LII 

Bud Abbott 
Iou Costello of play 

Pro Bowlers lour 

Cornuto limenei 

Cine del Sohodo 
Despedido on 
% 
3o 
W 
45 

Ihot Good Ole 
Nashville Music 
CBS Sports 
Spectacular 

S7S.ooo Muriel 
Cigor Open de Cosodo" 
Ann luiso 
Pelulfo 
Cortos Estrodo 

 r n 
OO 

4 s 

NOVA 
The Gene 
Engineers' 

Wide World of Sports fonforria falcon 

 r n * OO 

J C 
15 
3o 
45 

Aum* Hod 
A memo 
Slatier Brothers ore horn 

Eyewitness News 
Sylvon Rodciguet 
CBS fvenmg 
News 

People and 
Ideas 
School folk 

ABC News 
Te^ Koppel 
Sol y 
Pimiento 
Oscar foinoro is host 

 rn 
OO 
61 
; 

TV 4 Big Mews henry Runnels 
Price of Peore and freedom 

Hee How with hosts 
Buck Owens and Roy Clark 

Sesame Street at Night 
Once Upon a flossie 

Th* Lowreme 
Welk Show lur ho libre 
(Wrestling) 

 warn OO 

# 
15 rn 3o 
# 
45 

Emergency* 
Kevin Tighe 
Randy Montooth 
Robert fuller 

The Macy Tyler 
Moore Show 
The Bob Newhart 
Show 
The Way 

Spur- Basketball 
San Antonio 
Spurs vs 
Cleveland 

 las Aventuros de (opuhna 
Chespuito 
Roberto Bolonos 

OO 
8i; 

HBC Saturday 
Night At the Morley 
The Mon Who 

All In The family 
Carroll o Connor 
Alite linda lavm 

 it Was 

Bar Mitivoh 
Boy 

Cavaliers lo Me|or de los Poltvores 
Eduardo Monrano 
Enrique Cuenco 

OO 
9 i 

 loved Cot 
Dancing 
Burt Reynolds 
Sara Miles 

The Corol 
Burnett Show 
Jeremy Steyn 
Cyril Shops 
NewsWatrh Special 
Ten Districts 

Boa de Mexico 

IO 

TV 4 Big hews 
Nancy Runnels 
NBC s Saturday 

Eyewitness News 
Sylvan Rodrigue r 
Sloe Trek leonard Nimoy 

The Two of Us 
NewsWatrh 
Grohom Smith 
Superstar Cinemo 
The Hocder 
IU 

Night 

(12 IS) late Show 
Cope fear 

(ll TO) Big Show 
After the fox 
Peter Sellers 
(I) Nightfhght l l 

 they fall 
(12 3o) late Movie 
It Should 
Happen to You 

Los Invencibles 

I (12) Sign Off 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch 19 1 9 7 7 

Soap opera star wants to end role 

Program lutings compiled in this log or* lurmshed by th* television notion* and ar* tab let to lait minut* 

(hang**. TH* newspaper is not responsible when luting* or* in error. 

My telephone rang at exactly 2:3o one recent afternoon. 
Dr. Mark Dante was right on time 
“ I don’t like to miss a doctor’s appointment.,” said one of television's most popular doctors 
Gerald Gordon, or Dr 
Dante on the small screen, has been per­ forming as a CH* for se­ veral years now First, as 
Dr. 
Nick 
Bellini on 
NBC’s “ The Doctors". 
And now, as Dr. Dante on 
“ General Hospital" on 
ABC. “ General Hospital” is seen daily on KSAT-TV at 2 15 p m 
General Hospital is 
ABC’s longest-running daytime serial It made lls debut on April I. 19K3 
John Beradino is Dr 
Hardy and 
Em ily 
McLaughlin is Nurse 
Brewer, ll was in July of 
197H that the serial ex­ panded to the 45-niinute period At that time the r<tle of Dr Dante was added and James York appeared as the first Dr 
Dante. Gordon took over the role several months ago. 
N Y. to LA . 
While appearing on 
“ The Doctors,” Gordon made his home in New 
York With the switch lo 
“ General Hospital “ and the Dr Dante role a few months ago, Gordon had to pick up stakes and move to California 
“ California lac ks Hic’ excitement of 
New 
York,” the actor com­ mented, “ but it makes up for it in other ways 
The weather and the scenery.” 
“ My role on ‘General 
Hospital’ is fine,” he continued “ I hope it is getting to be a more in­ teresting show What I have seen so fur I like 
This situation seems to 

ON THE 
AIR 
Bv Leona Pappas 
T\ Editor 

 be mitre relaxing than the other show ’’ 
Gordon did admit that he would like to get him­ self out soon, however, and into other things “ I want to give it up Wind­ ing up my soap role." 
He said part of his agreement when he took on the role was to (lit other things. “ I am scheduled to clo a Mov ie of the Week.” he said 
“ That was part of the agreement. And an op­ tion to (bi a couple of films They are offering me a prime-time deve­ lopment deal if I stay on tile soap I woiiiid really like ti» eonecntrate on films*" 

Kill my role 

GERALD GO RDO N 
. . popular TV doctor 

12:13 a rn. (C h. 4) 
THE 

LA T E SHOW - “ ( ape 
Fe ar.” Gregory Peck. 
Robert Mitchum and 
Folly Bergen star. A successful lawyer who testified against a brutal mail in a sox crime finds himself being harassed by the man seeking re­ venge after eight years in prison. 

12:3o (Ch. 12) • THE 
LA TE 
M O V IE 
- 
“ It 
Should Happen to You." 
Judy Holliday and Jack 
Lemmon star. An unem­ ployed model in New 
York rents a billboard blazing her name. A soap company, coveting the location of her billboard. 
Irades her six others for her one 

I 
(Ch. 5) - NIGHT 

FLIGHT 77 - “ The Mil­ lionaire: The Slory of Joe 
Iris.” A former hoodlum, making un honest effort to live down hts past. finds himself in a stalemate with parole of­ ficers when he receives 
II million from an anon­ ymous benefactor, hut is sworn to secrecy about the source of his new wealth. “ Wild Wild West 
The Night of the Deadly 
Bed ” Jam es T. West 
(Robert Conrad) and 
Artemus Gordon (Ross 
Martin) match wits with an arch-criminal who plans to establish a new empire in Mexico. 

On the lost episode of The Mary Tyler Moore Show at 8 p.m. Saturday on Ch. 5, the WJM te am g a th e rs to commiserate with each other after learning that most of them have been fired by the station s new m a n a g e m e n t 
The Aces 
On Bridge 

B\ IR A C . CORN .IX. 

KENS offers food production film 

A special film showing the efforts of American youth lo become efficient producers of food will Ik* shown at ll) 3o p rn Sunday over KENS-TV. 
The film was produced by the station and will have 
Bob Rogers as narrator. Pat Wolford, a junior at 
John Marshal! High School, is the* student in the flint. Research was done by Nancy Clayton 
Tile film shows scenes from the Bexar County 
Junior Livestock show. John Marshall show and the 
San Antonio Livestock Show and Rodeo 

Hick school girl lo dad 
"Y ou talk about your trou­ bles Today some ol (ho kids had lo park throe blocks away from school 
Iii today s amhtOous slam 
Ix nnis HeM haven of l.ex inborn K\ oven ann- a tea troubles ol his nun before he touted success And as dad s d aughter unpited 
' It you ran I (md a close in spot one must settle tor whatever is available 
North s unusual decision lo hid two clubs instead ut one spade had a strong effect on the bidding South gave in 
(lated values to hts 
Rond d ub fit and scud in stud* s and decided to gamble on a slam pumrm played the spade 
S ueen to tric k one and ci tator rolled Last s spade ace 
Th** trump kmn aas cashed a11*! a club aa s led to dummy s kiln.' and Last s ace 
Last returned the trum p seven lo South's eight arni s h in West discarded thai a a s very trad news Dummy s only entry aa s the trump ace and (bere aas rom ti work lo h*< don*- lo bring in both minor suits 
A f t e r m u c h t h o u g h t declarer correctly concluded that Ile i auld make the hand only ti Last had a singleton or doublet on diamond king ll 

 sn . he could i real** another 
(• latently to dummy but Hu 
I lining bad to tie .precise 
D e clare r a on he trum p eight and drew 
L a s t > la trump by trading .» trump to durums * .iii 
Tit* am long diamond Im*-..* a a s taken aith declare! % pc k m d *h< motels br ought 

'lite San Antonio Star— That'* fciitcrlaimiitiil! 

 in the Sunday Express-New * 

Away from the davit me serial. Gordon has been the recipient of an Emmy for his rob* in N BC ’s 
“ First Ladies’ Diaries” series, lit* portrayed 
Andrew 
Jackson iii 
“ Diary of Rachel John­ son '* The actor also ap­ peared in a 9o-minute television pilot for CBS. 
“ Force Five,’’ in which he starred as a big-cilv police officer who trained four ex-convicts for the police force 
Born in Chicago, Gor­ don attended Northwes­ tern University and Uni­ versity of Illinois lit* sol out for New York from there hoping lo land some big roles on Broad­ way He waited on tables at the actors retreat. Up­ stairs. Downstairs, and appeared in some small produel ions. 
In I9KK, Gordon math* his debut on television w ii Ii several guest seg­ ments of “ The Verdict Is 
Yours." a TV look at the law courts. 
Then came “ The Doc­ tors.” 
Gordon says he owns his own production company called Rachel 
Productions and hopes to put out some of his own programming “ I am al­ so taking singing les­ sons," he remarked 
"I did a couple of mu­ sicals iii New York ” 
Comedies 
When asked what kind of movies he would like to do he answered. “ I hope it will Im* comedy I think that is my big thing hut don’t gel a chance to show it " 
In Ute m ean tim e, Iii* w ill continue as Dr. 
Dante, making his calls 
I on lime 
And. over ai NBC. they have nut closed the door 
1 on Dr Bellini He is still 
J kepi alive i i i the script 

 rooms, nisi in ease Gor­ don should decide to re­ turn hi Althea 
★ * * 
One of televisions most talked-about chil­ dren's series. Sesame 
Street, has reached a milestone iii broadcast­ ing. 
It has reached its 
I .(MMlth hour of original telev ision programming 
And iii honor of the oc­ casion. PBS is airing a prime-time special for adults, "Sesame Street al 
Night," which will Im* hosted by Gene Shalit It will air tonight at ti o'clock on KURN TY 
The special will feature excerpts tit songs, satires and sketches bv hosts, puppets and stars who have been teachers oil the preschool show includ­ ing Lena Horne. 
* 
Channel 5 anchorman d irts 
Marron has become the Assistant 
News Director of the sta­ tion 
News Director Boh 
Rogers made the an­ nouncement last week 

Marron, a native of 
Nixon, formerly was with 
K R U ) in Dallas 
He joined KF'.NS-TY in De­ cember 1973 
There will he no change iii the anchorman 

 slot. however, as Marron will continue to head the ti and Hi p.rn Eyewitness 
News newscasts. 

+ + + 

Tuesday evening. 
Channel 9 carried a live production of Puccini’s opera, “ I,a Behenic 
This was presented by 
PBS and was the first live telecast from the 
Metropolitan 
Opera 
House at Lincoln Center 
Arrangements had been made to carry this as a simulcast with radio stations throughout the country. 

It was disappointing that none of the radio stations in San Antonio picked it up. and I have received calls from local residents win* wanted to express their displea­ sure. too 

 dr * A 

Today's Metropolitan 
Opera performance on 
KM X* Radio will he that same opera. 
"L a 
Bulimic ’’ 
One ut the most popu­ lar of the operas, princi­ pal roles will Im* sung by 
Renata Seotto. Luciano 
Pavarotti and Ingvar 
Wixell 
Jam es Levine 

 w ill conduct 
BAR MITZVAH 
BOY 

Vuln**rahU* 
Both 
South Th*- bidding 
Smith 
It 
A 
I M ut 

VA** si 
Paw* 
Paw. 
Paw 
Pa*.. 

Sari Ii 
.’4 
It 

Drain 

Last 
J 4 
Pa* 
Pa*. 
Pax* 

I W ORLD-W IDE ARTISTl 
ART SALI 
S U N D A * 
^ ■ 3 Si 

6:35 

7:45 

8:3o 

Oprntrttl spades 
Thri 

 this a mild Ins*- Hi*' slam ll l as! had stai lrd VI itll (oui 
• tubs dr*tar*-r b r.I tan all lo?, trumps to us*- dummy s spud'- t a l k a a th re a t against Lost * kin# <>i spud***. 
When be led a diamond to dummy** queen th* vt nim ne 
Huh (mess* was taken and once attain necessity he* a W i­ the mother *»t inyentiiot 

Hot vt iiti ( urn 
South hold. 

THIS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
BEAUTIFUL 
£ 
SOFA-SIZE 
PAINTINGS 
SMALLER SIZES MUCH LESS 
ALSO OFFERING ONCANVAS REPRODUCTIONS OF MASTER WORKS 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 
HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE FROM 
FROM 1o:oo A.M. TO 6:oo P.M. 

 are id * i*iM>d imvi. Ii mn diuittiuid kin*; dr* 
Vs (hi 
* aid s it*-* lam had lo 
, na.*, to dummy queen .oui take 
* tub lutes** Ibm 

Last „ 
•PIM d 
Ila 

 diamond a noun** 

So.il I. 
I * 

Ansa et 

 weak hoi 

FREE ADMISSION 
FRAME SALE 
HIGHEST QUALITY FRAMES 

FREE INSTALLATION RIT W /fA. PURCHASE OF FRAMED PICTURE 
HAMADA INN 

LO O P 41o AT SAN PEDRO 

DON T M ISS IT! 

6 OO SESAM E STREET AT NIGHT 
Gene Shalit hosts an adult look at "Sesame 
Street" for those who don't know what they’ve been missing 
Featured are excerpts from some of the best of the series, including guest star appearances. 
ONCE UPON A CLASSIC 
"The Man from Nowhere" a one hour special tells the story of a man in black who stalks an orphan girl in 19th century 
England 
THE W AY IT W A S 
"The Yankee Dynasty The Stenqel Years and The Bronx Bombers 1949 • 196b" 
BAR MITZVAH BOY 
A warm and humorous story about a young Jewish boy about to celebrate hts 
13th birthday transcends all religious and cultural boundaries Jack Rosenthal, one of 
England's leading television writers, created the comedy 
1o:1o THE TWO OF US 
A very good French film tells the story of an eight year old Jewish boy, Alain, in Nazi-occupied France 
12:o5 COUNTRY MUSIC 
AND THEN SOME 
SOME Gfl€RT things to see 
ON PUBLIC TV! 
MARCH 4-2o 

KIRN-TV 
B o x 7156 A u s tin 
B o x 9 S u i A n to n io 
71712 
76291 

I m ou ld Ilk * to bo* urn* • I 
Eftciooad is my chalk for amtm 

□*15 
G SM 
GIW* 
o*1oo 
AN im m b tn r ****** * lull y tw t subscription to th* 
Channel 5 monthly program gutCh*. CML S C H E D U L E . 

N A M E , 

SAN ANTONIO 

A D O R E S * . 

C I T Y _______ 
S T A T E 
2 I P . 

T h e 
P 
O 
W 
E 
R o f 
F 
A 
I 
T 
H 

By WO O D I ISHMAEL 

# * » » • 

-J s $ r 

T H E B I B L E 

No. 283. Jonah Returned to Dry Land 

After Jonah had been cast overboard into the raging sea, he was swallowed up by a great fish which the Lord had arranged for him 
And Jonah was inside the fish three days and three nights. Then 
Jonah prayed to the Lord 
‘ W hen my soul fainted within me I remembered the Lord: and my prayer cam e in unto thee, into thine holy temple. They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving, I will pay that that I have vowed. 
Salvation is of the Lord " (Jonah 2:7 9) 
"And the Lord spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.” (Jonah 2 1o) 

U N I V E R S I T Y 
P AR K B AP T IS T 
CHURCH 

23o8 C in c in n a ti a t B a n d e ra R ood 
(t block east of 
C en. M c M u lle n D riv e ) 
Ja m e s M cK e e, P a s to r 
T e rry W W ilk in s 
M in is te r of M u sic A Y o u th 
S U N D A Y 
8 <o A M W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
9 is A aa S unday Sr hoot 
It oo A M W o rsh ip S e rv ic e i IO P AA C h urch T ra in in g 
6 4o P M W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
W E D N E S D A Y 

 a W P M P ra y e r S e rv ic e 
K in rtrra o rte n fo r 4 A 5 y r o lds 
S u p e rvise d n u rs e ry open fo r a ll se rv ic e s 

Baptist Bible fellowship 

GRACE B AP T IS T 
T E M P L E 

1978 Basse Rd (N o rth s id e ) 
P h o n e f 73? 6323—*55-6533 
W m E F o rtso n . P a s to r 
Sundov S chool - 9 4S o rn M o rn mu 
W o rsh ip 
IO 4S. 
T ra in in g 
U nion A. OO p m 
E v e n in g E v a n d e is tic S e rvice 6 JO o rn 
C h urch 
N u rs e ry open e v e ry 
S ervice S pecial w e lc o m e e x te n d rd to w eekend v is ito rs a n d new c o m e rs to the c ity 

World Baptist Fellowship 

HU ISACHE 
A V E N U E 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

1339 W H uiso eh e A v * 
D r C loud J B onom . P o s to r 
R ev. C loud J B o n o m . J r. 
A ssociate P a s to r 
Y ou n g P eo p le's L e a d e r 
C h oir D ire c to r 
Rev. F re d B on u m , 
A ssociate P a s to r, 
Y ou n g A d u lt Teacher 
S unday S ervices - A il B ib le S un ­ d a y School IO OOo rn 
W o rs h ip S ervice l l OO a m 
A d u lt s 
Y oung 
P eople s a n d 
C h ild re n s M e ch no A* IO p rn 
I vc n m g S e rvice / 3o p rn 
W ednesday 
- 
P ro v e r 
S e rv ic e 
/ IO p m. 
45 Y e a rs in Son A n to n io 
Tune in Dr 
C loud J 
B o n u m on 
K O P Y ra d io , H IO on y o u r d ia l 
M o n do v th ru S a tu rd a y > 3o / 45 a m . 

IH E VVTV*DST 

E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
8 
S N 
E 
1 
W 
S 

R 
E 
L 
I 
G 
I 
O 
N 

Churches of Christ 

Charismatic 

BEACON H I L L 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

937 w M a g n o lia 
B etw een IM IO and US 381 
B ill W ilson . M in is te r 
B ib le C oll L ib ra ry 
713-89o4 
Sundov S e rv ic e s 
W o rsh ip IO JO a m and 6 p m 
B ib le C lasses. 
9 IO a rn 
M id w e e k B ib le S tudy. 
W ednesday. A 3o p rn 
A c h u rc h n ea r lo the h e o rt ot 
Son 
An to n io ." 
J E F F E R S O N 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

7o2 D ona ld so n A venue 
732BIOS 
J D Cash, M in is te r 
S 'b lc C lasses 
9 
™ 
W o rsh ip IO JO A M 
& 6 OO P W 
Yout h 
VOO p m 
W ednesday S e rv ic e s 
7 JO p rn 
A tte nd e d n u rs e ry fo r o il n ie e t tugs 
MCCARTHUR 
PARK 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

The E nd O f Y o u r S earch 
F o r A F rie n d ly C h u rc h ” 
19o7 N E Loop 41o 
P hone. 824 73o1 
D oyle M a y n a rd , M in is te r 
B ib le d o s s AL C h ild r e n s B ib le 
H o ur 9 JO A AA 
W o rsh ip IO 3o A M & 6 P AA 
Lad ie s B ib le d o s s T uesday 
IO 
A M 
W ednesday S e rvice s A 3o P M 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

127 3 3 o 5 -T e l 876 7o89 
I U J a ckso n K e lle r at San P e d ro 
G B S ta n le y, M in is te r 
Sunday S e rv ic e s 
H 'bie C lasses 9 3o a m 
W orship 
S e rv ic e s 
IO 3o a m , 
6 OO p m 
W e d ne sda y M id w e e k s e rv ic e A 3o p rn 
N u rs e ry open d u rin g a ll s e rv ­ ices 

M a r c h 
1 9 
1 9 7 7 

ST. L U K E ’S 
E P I S C OP AL 
CHURCH 
In A la m o H e ig h ts 
The R ev D a v id P. C o m e gvs, J r 
R e c to r 
The R ev C h ris to p h e r Jones, J r 
D ay S chool H e a d m a s te r 
The R ev D o u g la s E T h o m a s 
A s s is ta n t 
The R ev C J e ff K ra e m e r 
A s s is ta n t 
The R e v J a m e s k A lc o rn 
A s s is ta n t 

S un d ay S e rv ic e s 
A 45, 9 OO a n d l l OO a m a n d 6 OO D rn. 
A d u lt a n d 
Y o u th cla s s e s 
9 45 

WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 

59o9 W a lte m R ood 655 5484 
T h e 
Rev 
J a m e s 
P 
G id d in g s , 
R e c to r 
S unday E u c h a ris t 9: OO & 11 OO A M 
S unday School IO OO A M a ll ages 
L ice n se d p re sch oo l & K in d e rg a rte n 

W A Y S I D E 
C H A P E L 
2918 V a n c e J a c k s o n 
Ph 344-17o3 
8 IO A M E o rly W a rs h ip y 45 A M S u n d a y S chool. l l OO A M . L a te W o rs h ip 
A OO P M E v e n in g S e rv ic e 
P a s to r — S tephen P. T ro x e l 

R E D E E M E R 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

I M is s o u ri S yn o d ) 
25o7 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
Tele ph on e 732 411? 
Rev. H e ll M B o c k e lm a n n , 
P o s to r 
S U N D A Y 
9 15 O rn 
— Sunday 
School 
& 
B ib le 
C la sse s. 
IO 3o a m D iv in e W o rs h ip 

Lutheran 

Churches 

A P N e w s t e a r u r e s 

JI Special 
Invitation 
To A ttend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

L oo p 13— I m ite 
N o rth at H ig h w a y rJL 
I d l i m 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 

1o3 S H a re s St 
C A A .481 
Bexar County 
National Bank 

M e m b e r E D I C 

Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M a n u fa c tu re d bv B lue Barn et 
P o ta to C h ip C om pony 

Assembly 

CHU RC H OF 
C A S T L E HI LLS 

1 14 R o le to 
( * * M ile s W est OI C e n tra l P o rk 
M a ll on L oo p 41o) 
142 4779 
P a s to r Jo hn Haeee 
S unday s i hoot 
< IO a 
M o rn in g W et sn ip th JO A V 
Evening W orship 
A OO P M 
W e d ne sda y 
C ity W ide B ibb- S tu d y & 
Y o u th S e rv ic e 
7 JO P V 
N u rs e ’ y p ro v id e d a l o il ve ry 
K ts 
The ( n o r t h VOO ye B • en 
L o o k in g F o r 

GOSPEL 
A S S E M B L Y 
P a s to r M W H a re lip 
417 C a ta lin a 
Just a tt H ild e b ra n d & IM ll) 
W o rs h ip a n d B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
IO OO A M 
W o rs h ip s n a o v I ye / ( W p m 
W ednesday B*bi<- S tudy A JO p m 
The C h u rc h W ith t r u th F o r l l s 
H e a rt 

Assembly of God 

FIRST 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 

HO 5 I 
M ilita r y D r 
(B e tw e e n R o o se ve lt and F lo re s ) 
Rev D oy R obison. P asto r 
Phone 
97? A 5 6 I-9 2 4 1587 s u n d a y s t w v ic t 
S »»dg. 
S< noot 
- 9 4S a rn 
W o rs h ip „ 
It) 4 j a rn tu m o r C l cen S ery 

SAN ANT ONI O 
4o5 W a lto n A ve. 
M eets Is l And a nd 4th S un d ays a f 
IO JO A M 
I r n in fo rm a l ion ( t ilt 661 7o58 a fte r 
6 OO P M 

NORTHSI DE 

18o1 W est T h o ra m 
(O ne b lk E of W est A ve a t N o rth w e s t E » p re ssw o v> 
C hurch 
AU ’ 197 nom e 
UA 58o9 
P tiU o r I Ider 
S am m y Bon 
M o rn in g W o rs h ip IO IO t ve nin e W o rs h ip 6 IO 
W ed 
N ig h t P ro v e r M e e t m a 7 :o 
T h ursda y, M a rc h 17, 7 3o P M 
E ld e r S onny P y le s 
P a s to r a n d E v a n g e lis t 

Southern Baptist 

CASTLE HI LLS 
FIRST BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 

722o N W M ilita r y H w y 
B la nco e x it o ft Loop 41o 
• P ro c la im in g th e A b u n d a n t 
L ite in C h ris t 
D r G eo rg e H H o rn s , P asto r 
Ja m e s H . E nnis. 
A-.>,ex ta le P astor 
M a lc o lm A G ra in g e r, 
M in is te r ut M usic 
E d R H u m a n 
F m id I v a n g e lts t 
Irv in g Coak 
E d u c a tio n D ire c to r 
H elen C ode 
( h u r t h v is I to ’ 
Sunday schools tv 3o l l o o a rn 
M o rn in g W o rs h ip S e rv ic e s i * IO 
K I ' OO u rn 
E ven in g W o rs h ip S ervice <7 fill l> m i 
( h r lio n I 1 a m m u t lo u r if ....... 

FIRST B AP T IS T 
CHURCH 
515 M c C u llo u g h 
O nly M in u te s A w a y by E ip re s s w a v " 
D r J im m y R 
A lle n , P a s to r 

S unday S e rv ic e s 
9 to a rn S un d ay St hoot l l OO a m M o rn in g W o rs h ip 
6 o o p m C h u rc h T ra in in g 
A o5 p rn L v c n in g W o rs h ip 
A IS p m 
W e d ne sda y m id week s e rv ic e (B ro a d c a s t o v e r K H Y * 
R a d io a nd 
K $ A T 
(C h a rn e l i^, t i OO a rn S un d ov I 

M A N O R 
BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 

M a n o r D r a l M e re d ith 
(2 b lo c k s w e st of 
J e ffe rs o n H ig h S cho o l) 

D r N a th a n L Stone, 
P o s to r 

O i 
P re n te s s F e rre ll 
A ssociate P a s to r 
C h ris tia n E d u c a tio n 

M r Lee M a re s h , 
M in is te r of M u s ic 

M iss D ia n e H a rt, 
M in is te r et Y o u th ts R e c re a tio n 

9 3o a rn S un d ay S chool 
1o 5o a m M e r m u g w o rs h ip , s e rm o n b y P a s to r N a th a n L . 
Stone. "T h e B a p tis m o f Jesus 

6 Oil p m 
E v e n in g w a rs h ip Ser m on Bv P a s to r N a th a n L s to n e 
••The Sin S y n d ro m e '* 

 p rn 
W e d n e sd ay vised n u t m 
Si ■ i 

It I 
A ud,' 

N u rs e ry open tor an et ,u es 

CR . S T V I E W 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

 w a lie m at E a g ie c re s t—453 A4SI 
( I M ile E ast of 
R o ose ve lt H ig h S chool) 
L a r ry I Jones. P astor 
Don E 
K ib b r, 
A ssociate P asto r 
Sam M o o re , M u s ic D ire c to r 

9 45 a rn. B ib le S tudy tor ah u n l l OO ii m W o rs h ip Set .ICe h nil p m S unday n ig h t P ig • 
7 OO p m L v e ilin g W or sh ip Set ii I 
A IN) p m 
W e d n e sd a y 
Mr cist 

V is ito rs w e lco m e 
"C o m e G re w W ith Us 

E I S E N H A U E R 
ROAD BAPTI ST 

395o E is e n h o u e r R oad 
P hil J e w e tt, M in is te r of M u s ic a nd Y ou th 
Sunday School * 9 ii) a rn M o rn m g W o r sh ip — IO 45 u rn . C h u rt ti 
T ra in in g 
.. <, qq p ,T) , E v e n in g 
W o rsh ip 
— 
A oil p rn 
M issio n 
O 'u a m /o iig n s - t to p m 
W ed nesdOV 
M id W eek P r a y e r S ery 
K F — A IS p m . , O ra d e ll ( n o u s . 

C h iid re n c l g it o a t v p u th 
M e* »inas 
E v a n g e lis tic 
Sec p Ut 
W E D N L S D AY 
B ib le S e rv ic e s — ten d ed 
N u rs e r ie* ver vice s 

1o 

 to p rn urn < a t* 

 n . 
Ider gar le i rs e r , p i q , Hied 

OAK M E A D O W 
A S S E M B L Y OF 
GOD 
2714 H u n te rs G reen 
(H W S A ! 
Phone 49? l i l t 
R e v Ja ck R o b e rts o n P a s to r 
S unday S ervices 
S un d ay S choet— 9 45 a rn, 
M o rn in g W o rs h ip — ie 45 a rn 
P ra is e R a tty — / (W p m 
W ed F a m ily n ig h t A JO p rn 
N U R S E R Y 
P R O V ID E D 
FOR 

 a l l S E R V IC E S 
C am e a nd F in d Love 

G L A D T I D I N G 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 

1)43 Se w W W h ile Rd r ’.e o g t i ) ja m e s H B ro th e ls . P o s te r 
W a y n e V e il A s s is ta n t P a s to r 
S un d ay 
Sery tees 
Sunday School 9 I a rn ta 12 OO noon N e w Co* <ei m C h ristia n Education. Mer nm 
W o rs h 'p IO'SO c m 
Y o u th Sen tee r- OO p m 
E v a n g e lis tic Set tee A do p m 
W e d ne sda y s#r ic e B ib le S tu d , 
A JO p m R oyi 
B angers and 
M .s.oi ■ its a p rn 
N u rse ry atten dant on dui a t e a rn s e rv ic e 
D o r C * r# a n d K in d e r g a r ten 
A to s t g ro w in g s p iritu a l C h urr w ith a v is io n 

Primitive Baptist 
Churches 

E AS T S I D E l i f e W H e m B d 
U t H I ' or 3)3 M JI) 
P e s te r 
B id e r (O r I J p D ate J r 

T H O * * ! TU R O A * 
N IG H T 
A * 
H M 
’ N O Egnggy IU JO A M 
J I H S un d ae iu JO A M 

L A C K L A N D 
BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 

I 7 t | F ro n tie r Or 
*A4 2AoJ 
James O Todd Pastor 
Sir-t>rt»n H e ath er 
M in is te r af E d u c a tio n 
J im m y M u rd o c k . 
M u sic a Y o u th D ire c to r in la y S e r. ic es 
M) ,j rn I ir-.t W ar nip 
. , 
X) a rn S uring v Sr nae' 
OO a rn S econd W o rsh ip 5 

 y Oath Ch 
5 tv u m L 
A OU a rn. t 11 amu cuing 

W ednesday Tier vice s 
6 JO p m 
T e a c h e rs 
A O ffic e r 
M e e tin g A lte rn " , G irls In A rb a 
R A % 4 P re S th u o i C hati 
A. 3o p m 
M 'd 
W eek 
P r a y t 

(N U R S E * •’ O PE N i o n a i l 
S I B V IC I S I 
G R A D E D 
C h o i r s 
(S e p te m b through A u n t) i u e s d a y 
— 
J co 4 OO ii n 
(G rades t h i 
Wedne- .Jay 
— i OO I 43 p i 
IG ra d e s I a 

N OR T H E A S T 
BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 
7 fJO R itte rs R o a d —124 /JJS 
W H L o n g — P g ilg r 
C liff H o r gen -M u s k Y ou th 

 u n o a y s c h e d u l e r w p m B ib le v ady (A n o u i 

N O R T H R I D G E 
PARK B AP TI ST 
CHURCH 

C h e w C hase 4 E is e n h o u e r Rd 
TA4 oSJ9 
Ja m e s M R e id . P a s to r 
9 JO a rn 
S u n d a y S chool to r att o u i", 
1o 55 a m 
M o rn in g 
W o rs h ip 
S ervice 
6 OO p m 
C h o rt h rn tra in in g . J p m E v e n in g W o rs h ip S e rvice 
A JO p m 
W e d ne sda y 
P ro v e r 
S e rv ic e 
N u rs e ry ope n tor git s e rvice s 
V is ito rs w e lco m e 

PAR KHI LLS 
B AP TI ST to o ts San P e d ro A v *. 
O r J o hn B a rd e e . P a s te r 
Sid W M illig a n . E d u c a tio n 
L lo y d G a rc ia . C h o ir M o s ie r 
Sam S ow der, M in is te r o# Y o u th 
K a ris h o L o o p e r M u s ic 4 Y eg th 
9 IO A M S U N D A Y SCHO O L 
1o Kl A M W O R S H IP S t R V K t s 45 P M 
C H R I S T I A N 
TR A I N 
ING 
6 45 P AV E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
A JO P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y - 
ER SC R V I/ I 
S up e rvise d n u rs e ry a t on s e ry , it#*. 

S H E A R E R H I L L S 
BAPTI ST 
CHURCH 
8o2 O B L A T E 
O r C h a rle s J 
W isdom 
P o s to r 
P h illtp S idon 
M in is te r ot M u s ic m d A d m in is tra tio n 
John M . (M a r ty ) 
B ro w n 
Minister a f Youth 
S U N D A Y 
9 JO B ib l# S tu d s 
1o 4o M o rn in g W ar shit, 
6 OO M e m b e rs in T ra in in g 
A OO E ve ro n a W o rs h ip 
WL D N L SDA y 

6 JO p rn 
S up p er 
A W p m 
B ib le S tudy 
A JO p m 
S a n c tu a ry 
C h oir 
M fh e u f sui 

RFVIVAl TEMPLE tltO Tenos A v e n u e 
John M. B ell. P a s to r 
M D B eadles. A s s is ta n t 
S undov School, 9 45 a rn 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip , IO 45 a rn 
P re s e rv ic e p ro v e r, 6 3o O in . t verona W o rsh ip . 7 OO p rn 
W ednesday 
P ro v e r 
& 
B ib le 
Study ot A OO p rn. 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 W H ild e b ra n d 
F G oode F o s te r-P a s to r 

S unday School — IO A M 
W o rs h ip — l l A (A 
S unday E ve - / P M 
W ed E ve —7 JO P M 
N u rs e ry P ro v id e d 

Christian Church 
Disciples of Christ 

A L A M O 
HE I GH TS 
CHRI STI AN 
CHURCH 
64oo B lock N N ew B ra u n fe ls 
128 5721 
R ev. E a rl It. B ts s e i, M in is te r 
P a rk e r E C ross. 
A ssociate M in is te r 
I JO a rn W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
9 45 a rn C h urch S chool 
1o 5o a m W o rs h ip S e rv ic e 
I? OO N o on —F e llo w s h ip 
6 P rn Y outh M e e tin g s 
E k te iie n t N u rs e ry 
A m p le p a rk mg 

C E N T R A L 
CHRI STI AN 
CHURCH 

M o m A venue a t R o m a n o p ia jg 
227 5771 
M in is te rs 
O r. T hom as Y o u n g b lo o d 
B oyce E. M a k m 
C h u rc h School 
9 15 a rn 
W o rsh ip IO 45 a rn. 
F a m ily p ro g ra m s 
6 p m 
N u rs e ry a v a ila b le 
A 
F rie n d ly w e lco m e a w a its you 
P le n ty oi 
P a rk in g 

SUNSET RI DGE 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
B re e s o f E m p o ria 
T e le ph on e 824 4561 
M in is te r: R oy F. O sbo rn e 

B ib le C la s s e s -9 15 o rn W o rs h ip 
S e rvice s — IO JO o m a n d 6 oo p m W ednesday B ib le C lasses — 
IO a rn. o n d A JO p m . A tte n d e d n u rs e ry to r o il s e rv ic e s 

C o m m u n ity (h u tc h 

N 
H 
Y 

 u r a l 

875o F o u rw tn d * D r. 
IH 35 a t L oo p 41o 
• in te r D e n o m in a tio n a l 
C o n g re g a tio n o f B e lie v e rs '* 
P a s to r A lle n R a nd o lp h 
W o rs h ip 
8 15 A M 
B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
....... 9 45 A M 
W o rs h ip lo 5o 
A M 
B od v L ite S e rv ic e 
. O OO P M 
W e d ne sda y 
C h a ris m a tic T e a c h in g ., 7:3o P M . 
Thursday 
H o m e M in is trie s 
7:3o P M . 
N u rs e ry to r ah s e rv ic e s 

ASCENSION 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

Vernon B rie lk rg e ti, Pastor 
1o6o Donaldson Ave. 
( IO blocks west of 
F red e ricksb u rg Rood) 
Sunday Schedule 
Sunday School, 9 JO A M 
W orship Service. IO JO A M 
Holy 
Comm union firs t 
Sundov eoch month. 
Come and worship w ith us 

B E I T E L 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 
2515 Austin Hwy 
P astor. Ralph A blin 

Sunday w orship services 
8 OO ond IO JO a m 
Adult class and 
Sundov school OI 9 IO a rn. P rov cr ond P raise on Sundov eve­ nings OI 6‘ JO N u rsery available 

G R AC E 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

5o4 Avenue E at M cCullough 
Three Blocks N orth of The A lam o 
Phone 226-9111 
P astor. R obert J. Adin 

8 OO and IO 45 A.M W orship, 
9 3o A M. Sunday School 

Episcopal 
Churches 

C O M M U N I T Y 
CHRISTI AN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
CHURCH SCHOOL 9 45 A M 
WORSHIP l l OO A M 
(N u rs e ry P ro v id e d ) 
Live Oak E lem entary School Old 
Soonish Tr & W elcome Or 
Office Phone 654 6666 

SOUTHEAST 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
1545 G o lia d Md 
We rytllp Sci v h e l l OO (J rn 
Sundov School v lo o rn 
Youth Group 5 3o P in 
Horace ti Harmon. M unster 

WO O DL A WN 
CHRI STI AN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) w est G ram ercy ct E lm e n d o rf 
(a c ro n from W oodlawn C lr ) 
17oo F redericksb urg Rd. 
Rev B L Brow n 
Senior M inister 
Rev. Tem w Neat, Associate 
M inister 
Sundov Service C hurcn 
School 
9 JO Moi lung w o f,hip 1o 45 
Sermon Sublet! 
"T h e Scattered 
Children et God " 
Evening Youth G roup. 5 JO 7; 3o 

Child ta re d b l mg m orning service Ample p a rkin g A friend iv welcome awaits you 

Christian Science 

N O R T H E A S T 
T H E CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
S tgrcrest at B a rring ton 
In M arvm ont 

I OO a rn Holy Communion. IO 3o o rn 
M orn ing W orship N u rse ry and Sunday School 
Pev 
Joe L 
Brown, R ector — 
Tel 655 ?7JI or 824 ??Io 

CHRIST CHU RC H 
Belknap of w est Russell 
Sunday 
• OO a rn Holy Comm union 
9 OO a rn. F am ily Service ond 
Sunday School l l OOO rn M orning W orship 
Cist and 3rd Sunday* — H oly 
Com m union) 

SJL 
M 

I 
1 
S OO p m Holy Communion ond 
H ealing Service 

 iii, 

'•lur v ( hoe 
>U W orship 
HE D U LL 

H f S 
A I I. • 
GAW H S I B y 

T R I N I T Y 
B A P TI S T 
CHU RCH 
319 E M u lb e rry 
Of B uckner Fanning Pastor 
Rev R F i Bob 1 W ideman, 
Associate Pastor 
Rev Tom m y Lyons, 
M in iste r et Music 
Rev Den M cLendon, 
M inister el Educatien 
Rev Danny M u rra y, 
M inister of Youth 
M r Ben Freem en. 
M inister of A ctivities 
M rs Sandro Keeler, D irecter e l' 
SP ftiO l O utreach M inistries 
M rs O ui ten* Rogers, 
Pre Schoet D ire cte r 
M f J w F e n n e r, 
Business A d m inistra tor 

• t nooi* ' 
^ 
A V 
I i oo am - War-,Hip rvH e. 6 go 
PM - C h ristian 
Edge align 
1 ou 
P M - W o rs h ip S<.- v iic 

W I O N I ‘.D A Y 6 IS u 

■UCll IQI gi, H I , 
Attended 

SUBJECT OF LESSON 
•M A T T E R 
FIRST C HU RCH 

5o1 N o rth A lo m a 
Su n d a y S e rv ic e 9 SO IO JO ti OO 
I? UU 
S unday school 11 oo 
W ednesday 
E v e n in g 
M e* 'm u 
8 OO 
SECOND CHURCH 
Magnolia and Belknap 

 su n d a y S ervice 11 oo sunday School 11 OO 
W ednesday 
E v e n in g 
M e e tin g 
8 OO 
T HI RD C HU RCH 

27o8 5 N ew B ra u n fe ls 
S unday S e rv ic e 11 OO 
Su n d a y Sc h o b 1 11 OO 
Wednesday t vetting 
Meeting 
7 (JO 

FIRST C H U RC H 
(A L A M O H E I G H T S ) 
1o6 CLOVER LEAF 
Sunday S ervice ti OO 
Sundov Scngoi l l JO 
W e dn e sd ay 
I ve«M *g 
M e e tin g j n rv ic e , 6 QI 
R E A D IN G R O O M S 
''Oh 
? OU 
126 N SI M ary s 
C elom *v N o rth M a n 
P i ay in IO A w a r co och B d 
Charr 
USO S New B ro u n te ls n u rs e r.e s so 12 B ro a d w a y 

 l i m r u g * to Od a rn H o ly C o m m u n io n 
The R e v. J o h n h M a c N o u g h to n 
R e e fe r 
The R ev H o m e r T o m lin 
The R ev M e lv in G ra y 
The R ev S am uel Todd. J r, 
A s s o c ia te R e cto rs 
The Rev Samuel O r t Cooers, 
O D R e c to r E m e ritu s 
CHURCH OF ST. 
S T E P H E N 
SOUTHEAST 

J ? lk S New Braunfels at IH 37 
4 M inutes from Downtown 
P hone 
534 34o9 
The Rev. Charles H B e rry J r , 
R e efe r 

S U N D A Y : 8 O m 
H o ly C o w in g m o n , 
1o q rn. E u c h a ris t/C h u rc h 
School d o s s e s , n u rs e ry 
T U E S D A Y : 7 3o p m . E u c h a ris t/ 
H e aling , 
W ED N ES D A Y; 
IO a m 
H o ly 
C o m m u n io n 

ST. G E OR G E 
E PI SCOPAL 
CHURCH 
69o4 W est A ve a t M ilita r y H w y . 
The R ey R R a ndolph C o o p e r, 
R eefer 
C h u rc h P hone 
342-4261 
D ay School Phone 
362 4263 

SUNDAY 
Wor->Uip S e rv ic e 9 OO 
A M 
Sunday School IO 15 A M 
W orship 
S e rv ic e l l uO 
A M 
P ro v e r & P ra is e / 3o P M 
W EDNESDAY 
Healing S e rv ic e 
J to p M 
T H U R S D A Y 
Holy 
C o m m u n io n 
6 JO A M 
M ooting S e r v ic e IO OO 
A M E ve n so n g I M F # * 
S A T U R D A Y 
H oly 
Coni m u m o n 
8 OO A m B ib le Study 
ST. M A R K S 
EPI SCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOWNTOWN 
387 E a s i P econ a t T ro v is P a rk 
P hone 
226 2426 
The R ev S ta n le y F H a u s e r, 
R e ctor 
T h * R ev. John C B a ll, J r. 
Th# R ev. C Den B o u g h 
The R e v John R B oon 
T h * R I R ev, J W ilson H u n te r 
S U N D A Y 
I DO a rn M oly C om m u n to n 
9 3o 
A M , 
Holy 
Com 
"'u n io n 
(i hooch) 
IO JO a m 
M o rn in g 
W o rs h ip 
& 
C h u rc h 
S i bool 
M O N D A Y 
TH R U 
F R ID A Y : 
8 JO 
A M 
M o rn in g 
P ra y e r , 
(C h ap o n 
F R ID A Y lo 43 A M 
H e a tin g 
S e rvice , (C h u rc h 1 t i OO 
A M 
Moly 
C o m m u n io n , 
(C h u rc h ) 

ST. P A U L S 
E PI SCOPAL 
CHURCH 
E ast G ra yso n at W illo w 

S u n d a y M a s .e s (1921 P r a y e r 
Book I 8 Kl a nd Id 3o a rn. 
W ednesday M a s*, W o rn 
Water J east Days, I and IO o rn, g n d / JO p m 
C o nfe ssio n* S a tu rd a y ll UU A M 
Noon 

Methodist 
Churches 

A L A M O 
H E I G H T S 
M E T H O D I S T 
CHU RCH 
51o1 Broadw ay 
824-3215 
M inisters 
D r C alvin W Froehner 
Reverend H arold C. Perdu# 
Reverend H o rrv C B o m be rge r 
Reverend Jock C- Bush. Sr 
Three m eaningful hours of w o r­ ship o re o ffe re d each S undov. 
8 3o, 9:3o ond 1o:55 o.m 
Shore w ith us d u rin g th is w o n d ro u s 
L e n te n s e a s o n . 
In io v o u s celebrations of p ro ve r and praise 
Dr. Froehner continues the "MY 
FA V O R IT E S C R IP T U R E S 
Se ries, with the ninth message: 
DO W H A T E V E R H E 
T E L L S 
YOU! (B ib lica l Text: John 2:1-12) 
Church School classes tor all ages 
^ e e t at 9:3o a rn C h ild ca re Is 
'provided durin g o il w orship 
'services 
S unday e v e n in g a c tiv itie s to r 
Attn-12tF» grades begin at 4:3o p.m. 

A S B U R Y 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
CHU RCH 
46o1 Son P edro Ave. 
Phone 733 o431 
Rev Wesley N. S ch ulie, Pastor 
Church School: 9:3o a rn. 
Sunday W orship: 1o:5o a rn. 

I Iii' ( /lu r c h o f th e 

I'r iv iu lls h e a r t " 

C O L O N I A L 
H IL LS U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
CHU RCH 

5747 V an ce J a c k s o n Rd 
(N o rth of L o o p 4 )o ) 
349 24o1 
R ev w illia m M . E a s u m . P a s to r 
D e lb e rt B ro w n . A s s o c ia te P a s to r 
9 45 o rn C h u rc h S chool 
8 45 a rn, and It a m 
M orn ing 
W o rs h ip 
6 JO p rn 
U M Y F 
P ro g ra m IU 
Supper 
Tues I JO o rn B ib le S tu d y. 
6 JO p rn Wed Y outh Choir 
Call 
696 5oo? for in fo rm a tio n 
N ursery for an a c tivitie s 

LA T R I N I D A D 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
CHU RCH 
JOO San Fernando at Pecos 
Phone 227-o546; 734 9692 
Pastor 
Rev A. Ted G rou t Q 

SUNDAY w o r s h ip s e r v ic e s to 5o A M. CU L T O DE AD OR 
AC ION S e rm o n : R e v 
A 
Ted 
Grout Q 
Evening Services for the m onth of 
M arch 
6 OO p m a 8 3o p.m . ES C U ELA 
DE MIStONES 
9 JO A M Escueia D o m inica! en m oles v espanol p a ra today las edades (Sunday School in E nglish and Soonish for o il ages.) 
4 3o P M Youth C hoir Rehearsal 
M I D W E E K 
P R A Y E R 
SE R 
W,CES: Thursday of 7V3o P M 

W O O D L A W N 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
CHURCH 

17o1 West W oodlawn Ave 
Senior Pastor 
Rev Paul A G rou t O 
Associate Pastor 
Dr Elm er J H ie rh o lie r 
Lay Pastoral V isitors M r Bob 
Hasbrook. M r C a rro ll Sigm on 

 s u n d a y s e r v i c e s 
Sunday W orsnip 9 A M 
New LockhiU E le m e n ta ry School 
C afetorium 
5o5o De Zavala Rd 
Second Service IO SO A M 
17o1 W W oodlawn 
U M Y Each Sundov 4 lo 6 P M 
5o84 De Zavala Rd 

Namene 

H A T F I E L D 
CHURCH OF 
THE N A Z A R E N E 

4515 S F lores 
E E. Rhodes, P astor 
J W C antrell. Associate 

Sunday S e rv ic e s S u n d o v S chool 
9 45 a rn 
M o rn in g 
W o rs h ip 
1o 5o a rn 
(C h ild re n 5 W o rs h ip 
S ervice 
— 
4 v rs th ru th e 4th g ra d e ) 
Y o u th 
S e rv ic e s 
6 OO a rn , E v e n in g S e rv ire 7 OO o rn 
W ednesday P ro v e r M e e tin g , 7 JO p rn 
(M is s io n a ry 
M e e tin g la st 
W ednesday of m o n th ) 
N u rs e ry is o p e n to r ad re g u la r se rvice s 

A C H U R C H W H E R E 
E V E R Y ­ 
BODY IS W E L C O M E 
- NO B IG 
SHOTS. 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P E O P LE 

Non Denom inational 

T HE L I T T L E 
CHURCH OF 
LA V I L L I T A 

N o n -D e n o m in a tio n a l 
5o8 V illita St 
Rev D ovid W Edm unds. 
Pastor 

S undov 
W o rs h ip 
S e rv ic e 
— l l a ni 
Sundov E v e n in g S e r v ic e —6 P rn 
M id w e e k 
H e a lin g a n d 
P ro v e r 
S ervices 
W e d n e s d a y n ig h t I JO p rn 
T h u rsd a y m orn ing ll oo a m 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

F A I T H 
C U M B E R L A N D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CHURCH 
•815 O a k to n D r 
(Beside Lee H igh School) 
Phone 
342 616o 
Rev. R E o n W illoughby 
M inister 
WHO SO EV ER W IL L M A Y 
COME 
S unday Sr hoot 9 js a rn 
W orship Service 'I OO a rn 
C I* Y F . Youth G roup 6 3o O m 

MADI SON 
SQUARE 
U N I T E D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
319 Camden of Lexington 
Phone 
226 6254 
W illiam P Lytle D O . Pastor 
Edwin Rieke, O M A 
O rganist C h oirm a ster 
-9 JO a m 
C h u rc h SrhOOb 
" OO a m 
W o rsh ip 
S e rv e e 
N u rse ry p ro v id e d 
C h ild re n s C e n te r U h 
! rn 
( W eekdO vs 6 JO a rn 6 OO O m ) 

K IN G OF KINGS 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH, LCMS 

13o8o D re a m w o ad 
T elephone 654 45o1 
H e n ry M B to r, P a s to r 
M S. E d , M O tv. 
Sunday School ond Bible Class 
9 15 a rn 
W orship IO 3o o rn 
Communion on firs t ond th ird 
Sundays. 

CONCO RD IA 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH t i l * Boss* Rood 
Or. Guido M erkens 
Senior Poster 
Rey. Normon Abbott. VSI. Pastor 
Rev. Theodore Groalmann, Asst. 
SUNDAY'S SCHBDULK 
A M 
9 OO F irs t s e rv ic e 
1o OO S unday S chool, a ll ages. 
11 OO S econd S e rv ic e 
P.M. 
7 OO T h ird S e rv ic e 
/ OO S un d ov S chool, o ge s J 12 

N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D 

CHRIST 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 
67o2 Broadway in Alamo Hgts. 
The Rev Arthur §. Rode 
The Rev. Harold Maench. 
Pastors 
F irs t S e r v ic e - 8 OO a rn S un d ay. 
S unday S chool - 9 15 g rn 
Second S e r v ic e - IO 3o a m 

HOPE 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH (ALC) 

5714 C a lla g h a n Rd 
(3 b la c k s so uth e t L oo p 41o) 
431-7475 - 435 9781 
R ev. R o b e rt P T h ro n so n 
Rev O e lm e s L L ue dke 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e s 8 IS & 
IO 45 a m 
A d u lt C lass a n d S unday S chool 
9 JO a rn 
N u rs e ry p ro v id e d to r b o th W or s h ip S e rvice s 
H o ly C o m m u n io n — F ir s t S unday o n d T h ird S un d ay 

M a c A R T H U R 
P AR K 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

"T h # H o m e -L ik * C h u rc h " 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd 
(7 talks No et Loop 41o) 
Ph 824 7113 
Rector G W. Schwgnenberg 
Assoc Poster C Zim merm an 
S unday W o rs h ip 
8 JO & 11 a m 
S unday S chool 
9 JO a m 
(fu r ad ages) 
'N u rs e ry p ro v id e d Od J h o u rs ! 
M ilita r y 
P e rs o n n e l e s p e c ia lly welcome 

ST. JOHN'S 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

56? E N u e v o SI ke n A ntn nm T e x a s 782o5 
Phone 
223 2*1 1 
D O W N TO W N — 
; b lock w e st at 
M e m tsF a ir w oald L B ra u d e s g 4M| N o rm a n h 
A lb e rts o n , P a s to rs 

S U N D A Y M a rc h ?o, 1977 
W o rsh ip S e rvice s 8 IS a n d IO 45 

S unday School 9 Jo A M 
W E D N E S D A Y , M a rc h 
23, 
Leo 

L A U R E L 
H E I G H T S 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
CH U RC H 

227 W est W o o d la w n a t B e lk n a p 
T i l 713* 
M in is te rs 
Rev. C h a rle s L G lo s te r 
R ev. A lb e rt E . L o u d o n 
R ev. R o b e rt E. P a rs o n s 
H e n ry H o llo w a y . 
D ire c to r o f M u s ic 
Jo hn C. S c h m id t. O rg a n is t 
W o rs h ip S e rv ic e s 8 JO a n d IO 5o o rn. 
R e v e r e n d C h a r le s L 
G lo s te r 
P re a c h in g , “ T H E C H R IS T IA N 'S 
P R O U D E S T P R IV IL E G E ." 

C h u rc h S chool fo r A ll A ge s 9 45 a .rn. 
L e n te n W o rs h ip S e rv ic e 
T h u rs d a y a t 12 o5 p .m . 

ST. J O H N ’S 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
C H U RC H 

N o rth w e s t San A n to n io . 
I t ) C lo u d c ro ft a t B a n d e ra R d. 
T e le p h o n e : 433-7*3* 
R ev. A lb e rt M e ru b ia . P a s to r 

M e th o d is t M e n F u B re a k fa s t, 8 OO a tp 
C h u rc h 
Sc h oot d o s s e s to r o d oges, 9: 3o a rn 
• M o rn in g W o rs h ip S e rv ic e 
IO 5o a rn 
F e llo w s h ip & C o ffe e fo llo w in g in the B tu e ro g m 
Y ou tn A c tiv itie s B e g in n in g o f 5 SU u 1 ' 

Y ou a re c o rd ia lly in v ite d to wur ship w ith 
UY 
N U R S IN G 
P R O 
V ip t O FO R A L L S E R V IC E S 

ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
C HU R C H 

2718 B itte rs R o ad 
45* 125o 
(B e tw e e n N a c o g d o c h e s a nd B ro a d w a y ) 
The R e v M o i H ie rh a lje r, 
M in is te r 
T h * R e v W in n A lle y , 
In te rn M in is te r 
S U N D A Y S L M lO U ie 
(N u rs e ry A v a ila b le to r A d Sun 
(tov E v e n ts ) 
8 JOO rn t A B L Y SE W VICE 
9 JO a m 
C h u rc h S cho o l (A L L 
A G E S ) 
1o 5o a rn 
P R IN C IP A L 
S E R V 
ICE 
4 j(i p rn Y o u th C h o irs P ra c tic e 
5 JO p m 
S noek 
S u p p e r tor 
Y outh 
6 oo p m 
U M Y F to r y o u th 
/th 12th g ra d e . 
7 OO p m 
E V E N IN G W O R S H IP 
S E R V IC E r e g u l a r a c t i v i t i e s in 
(L U D E 
S un d ov S chool C lasser fro m a ge 
? y rs w ith 6 A d u lt flo s s e s . I C h o irs to r a g e s i y rs th ru A d u lt, n o d s p e c ia l g e t! v t ie * fo r Y o u th , S e n io r C tM lfn s , Col le g *, C a re e r, S in g le s , o n d Y o u n g 
A du lt g ro u p s 
C O M M U N IO N E A C H I H ID A Y O' 
6 4o o m w ith b re a k fa s t te ilo w ship ig tio w in g 

A L A M O 
H E I G H T S 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
62o1 B road w ay 
N e w to n P C o *, j r 
M in is te r 
P hone 
824-o2/1 

C hurch S chool 
9 JO A M 
F e llo w sh ip T im # 
IO SO A M 
S e rm o n o t 1 1:o o o .m . b v R e v 
N ew ton P. C o* J r. 
••H A P P IN E S S IN P E R S E C U 
T IO N " bv th e R ev 
N e w to n P 

6 oo p m 
A R T S A N D C R A F T S 
F A IR 
/ 3o p m The m u s ic a l — ' N A P H 
T A LI " B v a ll H is C h ild re n 
Y outh M e e tin g s 
6 JO P M 
N u rs e ry P ro v id e d 

BEACON H I L L 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U RC H 

HOI W e st W o o d la w n 
7 31 /16 9 
M in is te r 
R e v. jo e M O w en 
S undov S chool 9 45 a rn 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 11 OO a rn. 

C O V E N A N T 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 

111 b o ld o A N W LOOP 41o 
(A t H o n e y s u c k le e x it) 
E d w in W o lth o ll. P o s to r 
P hone 
342 5753 

9 JO c m 
C h u rc h S cho o l fo r a ll ages 
1o 45 a rn 
M o rn in g 
W o rs h ip 
S e rv ire 
1 OO P M . P io n e e r F e llo w s h ip 
/ OO P M S enior H ig h D a nce 

NO RT HW OO D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CHURCH 
518 P ik e P la c e 
824 7238 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e , l l a rn 
C h u rc h S chool. 9 4 5 a rn. 
S e rm o n bv D r 
J a c k M g x v tg ll. 
Jesus: 
The 
H u m a n 
F a c e of 
G o d " 

ST. A N D R E W 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C HU RC H 
8231 C a lla g h a n R d 
(N e a r 1 1o a t 4 io i 
M in is te r. W illia m C M o u n ts 
C h u rc h Sr hoot 
9 JO A M 
W o rs h ip s e rv ic e l l oo A M 
E a rly L e a rn in g C e n te r A ge s 2. 3, o nd 4 M on F ri 9 a rn I? noon 

Religious Science 

C HU R CH OF 
T R U T H a m e m b e r C h u rc h o f R e lig io u s 
Sr te n t# Los A n g e le s 
C a lifo rn ia 
Dr 
E rn e s t 
H o lm e s . 
F o u n d e r p e iii's n e r ot th e Sr n-uce o t M in d 
M ig a jin e 
S i.m d o . ■■ 
IO : , a 
S ervices >6 OO o rn 
W o rd o * th e 
W eek 
C la sse s on rn . to p h y s ir.-, and p ro f h e a l r h r..,* a n .«v 
IO OO a m 
J u n io r C h u rc h chasse, (o h sr nom p ru d e s ! 
C h ild co re fa c ilitie s 
D r 
A m ,re v 
M a n g e r 
M in is te r 
(J .’ I '4 511 
Son 
P e d ro 
P la yho use 
Son 
A n to n io 
P a r* 
(o io l a 
B le s s in g , a re c o rd e d m e d ita tio n 
8 /8 5 58 !) 
W A R M 
W E L C O M E 
A W A IT S 
Y O U 
Sun d ay m o m m a 

CHRI ST 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H URCH 
(Unaffililated) 
544o V an ce J a c k s o n Rd 
) ' i m ile s N o rth o t L o o p Alo on V a n c e J a c k s o n 
Rev. J G ra n t M c M illa n . P a s to r 

C h u rc h 
S cho o l, to OO a i r 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e . 
I I o m p m 
M idweek 
Services nesdav / JO. 
We a re c o m e r v o tiv e , e v a n g e l ita l o nd a u to n o m o u s , h a v in g no co nn ectio n w ith th* 
N a tio n a l Qr 
W orld ( o u n c il of C h u rc h e s 
We hold to the h is to ric P re s b y te ria n belief th a i th e B ib le IS lh ,' in 
SJR re ti W o rd on G od rin d the o n ly in fa llib le ru t# o f fa ith o n d p i *t lic e 
O u r c h u rc h o tte rs a s p iritu a l h o m e to o il w h o d e s ire to h ea r th e w o rd of C o d w ith o u t 
.o m o ro itu s e 

Sevenlh-Day Adventist 

L A U R E L 
H E I G H T S 
S E V E N T H D A Y 
A D V E N T I S T 
C H U R C H 

7oJ W est A s h b y P i 
(o p p o site Sun P e d ro P o rk ) 
7)2 6198 
R o b e rl W ood, P a s to r 
D a v id E v a n s , A s s o c ia te P o s te r s a tu rd a y 
S tr v ic e s 
S a b b a th 
S. I" OI 9 'n a " I 
O' vt ne W jrs h .p 

1) OO a rn. Y o u th M e e tin g t H r. b efo re sunset 
P r o v e r 
M e e tin g 
W ednesday 
7 JO p .m 
D o rc o s 
W e tfore S o cie ty 
T g e s d o v 
IO OO a rn S undov A M . 
V O IC E O F P R O P H E C Y 
K K V K 

United Church of Christ 

T h e U n ite d C h u r c h o f C h r is t 
/ o n tln u e s th e a n n i s t ''CS o f th e 
( a n g r e g a t io n a i 
C h r is t ia n 
C h u rc h e s a n d th e E v a n g e lic a l' and R e fo rm e d C h u rc h S in ce 1957. 

B E T H A N Y 
611 E M y r tle St. Of N 

K e n d a ll (6 B lo c k s 
N o rth o f IM is 

 b e tw e e n M c C u llo u g h 
& St M a ry 's ) 
726 2655 

R»v J o hn B C u lv e r, p a s to r 
W orship 
IO is a m 
C h u rc h 
( hoot 
9 3o a r n 
A d ult b ib le 
Class, 9 JO a rn 

> OO 
Wed 

 ten o ill 
S e rv ic e t | OO noon a n d 
7 

ST. L U K E S 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

* The F rie n d ly C h u rc h " 
514 sa nta M o n ic o S t, 735 o591 
I b le c k W of San P ed ro 
P a s te r W J Buck 
(C h a p la in , Col. U 5 A F , R et ) 
P a s te r E m e ritu s J f V o r k a a tr 
W o rsh ip s e rv ic e to 45 u rn 
I N u rs e ry p ro v id e d ) s u nd oy 
S trip y ! 
V JO a iii 
(n il sue* 1 m ig Servo t*>. altered 

T R A V I S P A R K 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D I S T 
C H U RC H 

23o E . T ra v is 51 
P hone 
224 8341 
M IN IS T E R 
O r R a lp h M. I d l e r 

Y ou a r# w e lc o m e to Son A n te mo s G re a t d o w n to w n M e th o d is t 
C h urch lo c a te d in th e h e u ii of th# c ity to r 
I JO y e a rs 
O nly m in u te s a w a y b v 
E x p re s s w a y * aud F R E E P A R K IN G a c ro s s th# s tre e t 

W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S a l IO 3o 
A M a nd / OO P M 
D r 
R a lp h h s e tte r p re a c h in g af 
IO 5o 
A M . un 
"L O V E 
OF 
P E O P L E " 
I? OO H o ly C o m m u n io n C h ild e rs 
C hope) v JO A M C h u rc h S cho o l Classes to r on ages 
1 JO P M Y o u th Ac iiy iiie s B eg in 
> OO P M . E v e n in g W o rs h ip Rev 
Sid Spam p re a c h in g on " A L M O IT 
P E R S U A D E D " 

FI RST 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
N o rth A la m o a n d F o u rth Sis 

M IN IS T E R S 
L o u is H Z b m d e n J r. 
R ic h a rd G R y a n 
R o be rt H B u llo c k . H R . T e a c h in g 
M in is te r. 

G e o rg e M a u t# 

M in is te r E m e ritu s 
D r Bess H ie ro n y m u s , 
O rg a n m -C h o ir D ire c to r 

S U N D A Y ; 9 a rn . W o r s h ip in 
G u th rie B ry a n t C h a p e l ir a bv O r 
R van. 9 JO a rn 
S c h o o l of th e 
C h u rc h , 11 a rn. W o rs h ip , s e rm o n bv Dr 
Z b in d en, T H IN G S JE S U S 
T A L K E D A B O U T - T H E K IN G 
OOM OF G O D , C o ffe e I e lio w s n tp 
H our in M c C u llo u g h R o am fa llo w m g w o rs h ip ; N u rs e ry a n d c h ild c u rt' d u r in g w o rs h ip rin d s tu d y hour * 
6 p m 
Y o u th m e e tin g s in th# h o m e *. 1 it rn L e n te n v r . u c 
S e rv ic e u t th e h o m e o f Ik e 5 k a m p m g n n 
J r ., 
) j t 
£ . 
K in g s 
H ig h w ay 
M O N D A Y : 6 p m 
D in n e r * o f e id e rs a n d d e a c o n s , 6 JO o rn 
P r o g r a m . / 
15 p rn . B u s in e * * m eetings of th e o ffic e rs 
W E D N E S D A Y 
12 noon A A R P 
L u n c h e o n p r o g r a m , 
17 I i e m 
M e n s L u n c h e o n a n d s tu d y . 6 i i p m 
F a m ily FeM ovkvhip D in n e r. 
6 5o p rn. S tudy on P a u l 
P A U L S 
M E S S A G E TO T H E G E N T IL E S w ith The R ev R a fa e l Sancta#? J r. as s p ea ker. 
T H U R S D A Y 
/ 1 5 a m 
M e n s 
P ro v e r B re a k fa s t, 9 IO l l O in 
W om en * L e n te n B 'b ie S tg d v on 
P h ilip p ia n * led bv D r 
Z b tn d e n , 5 p rn. C o m m u n ic a n ts C lo **. 
K O R E A N 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CHU RC H or 
C O N G R E G A T I O N ; r W O N JO O N L IM , P a s to r 
S U N D A Y 
W o rs h ip in G u th r ie 
B ry a n t C h a p e l Of F ir s t P ry s C v te flo n C h u rc h 
N o rth A la m o un.) 
F o u rth it s , , le d b v th e R ev 
M r 
I im . 
T U E S D A Y A N O W E D N E S D A Y e v e n in g s / p rn 
B ib le s tu d y 
T H U R S D A Y I p m . B ib i# S iu dv 
F or fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n g o d toco lio n Of B irlie S tudy c o il Rev n m ut Hit 4992. 

C O M M U N I T Y 
44J M u n n ic u tf D r. (W w W h ite 
R d . L oo p l l , a l IM IO) 
333 )6o3 
R ev. T h o m o s N W a rd 
W o rs h ip , to JO u rn 

P I L G R I M CON­ 
G R E G A T I O N A L 
JOO P ilg rim D r 
(7 B lo c k s South el Loon 41o, 1 b lo c k W est ot 
V a n c e J a c k s o n ) 
347 6o34 
Rev A rth u r W S ta rk , p a s to r 
Sundov 
S chool 
9 i d v i e 
W orship S e rv ic e l l OO a rn 

A ffilia te d w ith U n ity 
S chool — S ile n t U n ity — 
D o ily W o rd M o g a im e 
/n d a v s e rv ic e -, t i a m a t t / ; ow do*e 
U r io n * a v ) 
S 
1 , 
Adult ti ta* -i" t 
ISS ll a r n is* iu IO o 

(W e t on sdav Sr nom la s * 
9 in 

■ nr I 1; open IU Ii; 

7 J ill 
J Butic 

•i,M> 
I in • ,d i i rm a ii O H o n 
M i f i t on re lin e s* ) 

Uniiai tan 

FI RS T 
U N I T A R I A N 
C HU RCH 

• o / B e r y l Dr 
Phone, 344 4695 

 and nursery ig JO o rn 
M o rn in g s e rv ic e 
IO JC a rn 
M in is te r 
Re v R o lfe G ar n or eft 

S erm on 
‘ C R IM E A N O P U N IS H ­ 
M E N T 
P u r l I 
W H A T DO Y O U 
DO W IT H IH E C R IM IN A L ? " 

Wesleyan Church 

W E S L E Y A N 
C H U RC H 

391o W est A ve n u e 
144 *391 
E d w a rd O A ng e l!* P a s to r 
M ik e w a tt v rs , Y o u th P a s to r 
Sunday 
J h u tc h *,< hoot 9 i i a ” 
A ir * h ip S e tv .ce l l W a rn. 
E v e n in g S e rv ic e / OO p h i 
W ednesday B ib l# S tu d y a n d 
P ro v e r / JO u in 

Church Directory 
On Next Page” 

« 

Church 
V- 
•: 1 
. ' 
Directory 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 19 1977 

For further information on c h u rc h y listed below — see ads oopeoring on this page 

Church of Castle Hills 
714 Roieto 

Gospel Assem bly 
417 Catalina 
Firs! Assem bly of Goo 
83o S E M ilitary Dr 
Oak M eadow Assem bly of 
God 
3714 Hunters Green 
Glad Tidinas Assem bly of 
God 
2143 So W W . While Rd 

Prim itive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 
Castle Hills First Baptist 
277o M W M ilitary Hwy 
Crestview Baptist 
W aiiem at Eaqiecrest 
Eisenhauer Rd. Baptist 
393o Eisenhauer Rd. 
First Baptist 
SIS M cCullough 
Lackland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
Northridge Park Baptist 
Chevy Chase & Eisenhauer 
Rd 

M anor Baptist 
Manor Dr. ot Meredith 
Northeast Baptist 
743o Bitters Rd 
Porkhills Baptist 
14oIS San Pedro Ave 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 
University Park Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
Trinity Baptist 
314 E M ulberry 
Grace Baptist Temple 
1428 Basse Rd 
Huitache Avenue Baptist 
1334 W Huisache Ave 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave 
Calvary Chopel 
11o7 W Hildebrand 
Alam o Heights Christian 
44oo Block N New 
Braunfels 
Central Christian 
Main Ave at Rom ano 
P lo ia 
Comm unity Christian 
Church 
Live Oak Elem School 
Old Spanish Tr A Welcome 
Dr 
Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd 
First Church of 
Christ Scientist 
SOI N Alamo 
Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
M agnolia — Belknap 
Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S New Braunfels 
First Church (Alam o 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 
Beacon Hill Church ol 
Christ 
437 w M agnolia 
Son Pedro Church of Chrisl 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church ol Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Em poria 
Trinity Church 
87So Fourw inds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap at West Russell 
The Church of 
Reconciliation 
44o1 S ta rk e st 
Church of St Stephen 
3724 S New Braunfels ot 
IH 37 

St. George Episcopal 
Church 
44o4 West Ave at Military 
Hwy. 
St Luke's Episcopal 
Corona A Devine Rd 
St M ork Episcopal Church 
Jo7 E Pecan 
St Paul s Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 
W ayside Chapel 
2418 Vance Jackson 
Ascension Lutheran 
1o4o Donaldson 
Beitet Lutheran 
2S1S Austin Hwy 
G race Lutheran 
Avenue E at McCullough 

Christ Lutheran 
472o Broadw ay 
K in g of K in gs Lutheran 
13888 Dream wood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1824 Bosse Rd 
Hope Lutheran 
371* Callaghan Rd 
M acA rthur Pork Lutheran 
24o3 Nacogdoches Rd 
Mt. Calvary Evangelical 
Lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount Calvary Dr. 
St John Lutheran 
SOT E. Nuevo St 
St Luke's Lutheran 
Si* Santa Monico 
Redeemer Lutheran 
HO/ Fredericksburg Rd 

Alamo Heights Methodist 
SIO! Broadway 
Asbury United 
Methodist Church 
44o1 Son Pedro 
Aidersgote United 
Methodist 
Kavton at Palmetto 
Colpnial Hills 
United Methodist 
$247 Vance Jackson 
La Trinidad United 
Methodist 
Son Fernando y Pecos 
Laurel Heights United 
Methodist 
227 West Woodlawn 
St John s United Methodist 
111 Cloudcroft Dr 
St Matthew s United 
Methodist 
2738 Bitters Rd 
Travis Park United 
Methodist 
21o Eost Travis 
Woodlawn united 
Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 
Hatfield Church 
Of the Naiarene 
AUS S. Flores 
The Little Church of La 
Villita sos Villita 
Alam o Heights 
Presbyterian 
42o1 Broadw ay 
Faith Cum berland 
Presbyterian Church 
7813 Oakton Or. 
First Presbyterian 
North Alam o and Fourth 
Sis 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian 
HOI West Woodlawn 
Covenant Presbyterian 
211 Roieto A N W Loop 41o 
Christ Presbyterian 
,344o Vance Jackson Rd. 
M adison Square United 
Presbyterian 
314 Camden at Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
SIS Pike Place 
St Andrew Presbyterian 
8231 Callaghan Rd 
Laurel Heigh ) 
Seventh D ay Adventist 
2o3 Ashby Pl 
Bethany United Church of 
Christ 
411 St. Myrtle St 
Community United Church of Christ 
4443 Hunnicutt Or. 
Pilgrim Congregational 
SOO Pilgrim Or. 
Unity Church 
1721 Lawndale Dr 
First Unitarian 
IH IO— lo o p 41o at Beryl 
Rd. 
Wesleyan Church 
341o West Ave. 
Southeast Christian Church 
1S4S Goliad Rd 

Rally to present 
'Living Proof9 

NEW B R A U N FE LS - 
Tho Texas Lutheran Col­ lege concert choir will present a program of music ut the 1o:3o a.m. 
Sunday worship service at St. Pau l Lutheran 
Church here. 
The 55-voice choir is the first touring college choir in the Southwest and is under the direction of Dr. Sigurd Christian­ sen. 
Selections for the pro­ gram include contem­ porary composers Ri- chard 
Felciano and 
.Charles Ives. Spirituals. folk songs and some classical works will also he featured. 
On March 3o. the TU choir will begin its 4Kth touring season with con­ certs scheduled in Okla­ homa. M issouri. Ohio and Pennsylvania. 
Lenten mission is slated 

The 
Rev 
George 
Butchee and his wife. 
Connie, will present a 
Lenten New Life Empha­ sis Mission beginning on 
Sunday and running through 
Tuesday at 
Bethany United Metho­ dist Church 
A 12-hour prayer vigil will begin the mission from 6:3o a.m. to 6:3o p.m. Sunday. Also. a 
“ fill-a-pew” plan has been instigated bv the membership to help sup­ port the Lenten empha­ sis. 
Tile Rev 
Mr. Butchee and Ins wife will be the presenters of the themes. 
“ Roots.” “ L ife .” and 
“ Love" through drama­ tic presentations aud congregational participa­ tion. 
A nursery will be pro­ vided and a free-will of­ fering will be collected to help defray expenses. 

Standing behind the church vibraphone are co-pastors of Southside 
Evangel Temple, left to right, the Rev. Don West and his wife and 
Mrs. Marvin Carter and the Rev. Marvin Carter. The vibraphone is the featured musical instrument during Sunday morning worship services at I o:3o and at 7:3o p.m. services. Both pastors and their wives extend a cordial invitation to the public to worship with their congregation on Sundays and at 7:3o p.m. Thursdays. The church is at 25oo S. Presa St. 
Media will 

A five-screen m u lti­ media production enti­ tled “ Living Proof” will be presented during a 
Living Proof rally begin­ ning at 7 p.m. Wednes­ day at La Villita Assem­ bly Hall 
The rallv. sponsored bv 
F irst Baptist Church. will feature Dr. Bill Self, pastor of the Wieuca 
Road Baptist Church in 
Atlanta, Ga. 
Dr. 
Self serves as president of the I million member Georgia Baptist 
Convention 
The multi-media pro­ duction will feature ways in which persons within the church are becoming living proof of Christ s power in their lives through the ministry of the congregation. 
The rally will have an old-fashioned supper. 
Prior to the rally. the church will be host to 
Alton Newell, chairman of the board 
Industries. 

CHURCH NEWS 

 speak at 7 p.m. the church. 5! lough Ave. 

Sunday at 
5 MeCal­ 

 ef Newell who will carry 
Christian m essage 

M arsh all 
M cLuhan, one of the creative thinkers of our society, has a book. “ TIK1 Me­ dium and the Message.” 
He analyzes the changed patterns of thinking that he predicts are happening out of the whole saturation of com­ munication media iii our lives. 
Whether he is accurate or not, evangelical 
Christians have decided that the media should carry their message. 
The com munication media is now being utilized by the Christian community in more in­ tense ways than ever in history. 

Bv 
Rev. I 
Jiminy R. Allen 
Pastor. 
First Baptist Church 

Hard on the heels of the com m unication effort with the theme of “ I found it” has come the effort by Texas Baptists to share their message with a “ Living Proof” campaign. 
FORECAST 

Flufrigi 
Ixxxxl 
Ro m 
\ \ \ \ \ 

Showers mm 

Stationary O ccluded 
Data from 

N A TIO N A L W E A T H E R ' SERVICE 
N O A A U S D • pi pl Commgrce 

SAN A N TO N IO AND V I C I N I 
TV — Sunny and warm Saturday and Sunday 
Fair and mild So turdav night High temperatures in the mid 8os Lows in the upper 
3os. Variable winds 3 to IO mph 
Sun rises al 6 39 and sets at 
6 43 Moon is in the last auarter 
Moon rises at 6 26 rn. and sets ot a 6 36 p m 
Tem peratures 
F rid a y ranged from 6o lo 81 degrees (National Weather ber vire forecast ) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 13 per cen! as ot 6 p rn Friday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
- 
Total rainfall tor the 24 hour period ending at 6 p m 
Friday, none, tor the month ,28 of an inch, tor the y e a r , 
4.29 
In ch es. 
Ac cumulated departure from nor moi tor the month, minus VV of an inch; tor the year, minus 26 
Ot an inch 
N O R T H T E X A S — C lear to portly cloudy Saturday through 
Sunday 
SO U TH T E X A S - Fair with cool nights and . mild to warm afternoons through Sunday 
W E S T T E X A S — F a ir and mild through Sunday 
N A T IO N A L — Snow will tall tram n o rth e rn New E n g la n d across northern New York State and northw est Penn Sylva ma 
Snow will olso stretch from the upper Great Lakes across the northern Plains with a chance ot showers from the central Plains into the mid Mississippi Valley 
Showers on the Pacific Coast will change to snow across the north and central Rockies Most sn its o u tsid e the outsid e of the precipitation areas will be fair or sunny 
M ild tem peratures will continue over the south Atlantic 
Coost states, while the north and ce n tra l R ockies w ill be cold 
Elsewhere, temperatures will be seasonable 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S — Variable winds 3 to IO mph through 
Sunday Seas I wo to tour feet 
T ID E S — P o rt A ran sas tor 
Sunday 
Highs at 2.42 a rn, and 
2 36 p m Lows at 9 27 a m. arid 
9.18 p m 
Port Isabel tor Sun day 
Highs at 3:31 a rn ond 3:33 p m . Low s at IO: ll a m ond 
1o o7 p m. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low 
9 degrees at Alamosa, 
Cato 
High 92 degrees at Presidio 

Fair and mild to prevail Saturday 

ASSOCIATE FSI SS 
High cloudiness — part of spring’s early warning system — poured across North Texas Friday behind a cold front which left most of South Texas sunny and mild 
Gardeners and spring watchers worked under somewhat cooler temperatures which prevailed north of the front, ranging from the 4U’s in the 
Panhandle and far West Texas, to 5o’s and 6o s across the remainder of the state. Afternoon ex­ tremes ranged from 62 at Amarillo to K3 at Orange. 
Northerly winds of IO to 15 miles an hour prev ailed north of the front. 
Forecasters culled for fair and mild conditions 
Saturday with morning lows iii the 3o’s in the west, 
-Ill’s central, and 5U’s in South Texas 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Forecost 

Cliv 
Temproture 

Sot 
Sun 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 
Son Antonio 
6o 
81 
SOUTH T EX A S 
Austin 
38 
8o 

OO 

Brown .vine 
68 
91 
OO 

SA N A N T O N IO 
P R i C IM IT A T IO N 
1977 
147* 
Ave 
Rec 
Jon 
3 IO 
o 3* 
1.7* 
8 32 
Feb 
o ti 
o ll 
I *3 
7 88 
M ar 
o 28 
I 2o 
I *7 
4 19 
147* 
1473 
Awe. 
Rec 
Apr 
3*7 
2 34 
7 78 ll 64 
M ay 
3 8o 
« ti 
3 43 
14 o7 
Jon 
I 81 
4 *o 
2 93 
IO 44 
July 
3 34 
o 44 
I *9 
8 It 
Aug 
2o4 
I 22 
2 3* ll 14 
Sept 
3 74 
o 31 
4 39 
IS 78 
Oct 
8 48 
J 23 
2 3o 
4 3*. 
NOV 
24* 
o o3 
I 37 
6 74 
Der 
I 43 
I 48 
I 73 
6 72 

Amarillo 
J I bb 
39 63 
F a ir. cool 
Austin 
48 83 
38 88 
Fair, worm 
I areito 
49 83 
38 88 
Foir, worn 
Corpus Christi 
37 83 
63 88 
F a ir. warm 
Vittorio 
31 83 
63 88 f air, warm 
Dallas For) Worth 
43 72 
43 73 
Portly cloudy. (OOI 
McAllen Brownsville 
6/88 
68 87 
Fair, mild 
Houston 
43 82 
47 83 
Fair, warm 

 eof pus Christi 67 
78 
.oo 
Cotulla 
64 
83 
OO 
Dei Rio 
36 
8o 
OO 
Junction 
46 
81 
OO 
Victoria 
62 
83 
OO 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
46 
73 
OO 
Alpine 
4) 
HO 
OO 
Amarillo 
J I 
63 
OO 
E l Paso 
37 
61 
OO 
Fort Worth 
36 
73 
OO 
Houston b l 
83 
OO 
Lubbock 
J J 
7o 
CIO 
Lufkin 
63 
8) 
OO 
Sun Angelo 
48 
73 
OO 
Waco 
38 
78 
OO 
SO U TH W EST 
Denver 
24 
46 
OI 
Honolulu 
7o 
81 
OO 
Los Angeles 
44 
66 
OO 
Los Vegas 
44 
64 
OO 
Phoenix 
43 
72 
OO 
Salt Lake City 29 
41 
OO 
San Diego 
49 
62 
OO 
SO UTH C EN T RA L 
Kansas City 
4o 
34 
OO 
Louisville 
46 
64 
34 
Oklahoma City 44 
69 
OO 
St Louis 
37 
66 
o2 
Wichita 
37 
66 
OO 
SO U TH EA ST 
Atlanta 
SS 
76 
.oo 

Birm ingham 
63 
78 
OO 
Charleston 
3? 
69 
SI 
Jacksonville 
36 
Bb 
OO 
New Orleans 
7o 
84 
OO 
Raletoh 
49 l l 
OO 
R h hmond 
48 l l 
16 
Tampa 
7o 
81 
OO 
N O R T H W EST 
Bism arck 
26 
44 
o2 
Boise 
2o 
43 
o3 

Helena 
38 
OO 
Portland, Ore 
44 
3o 
■JO 
Rapid City 
2o 
43 
OO 
Sun F roncisco 48 
62 
OO 
Seattle 
44 
33 
OO 
Spokone 
24 
44 
OI 
N O RTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
34 
36 
.49 
Detr oil 
JI 
36 
88 
Duluth 
26 
34 
OO 
Indianapolis 
J8 
31 
13 
M ilwaukee 
3o 
32 
.72 
Minn St Pout 
31 
4o 
.o7 
Omaha 
37 
oo 
Sit. Ste M arie 
71 
38 
oo 
N O RT H EA ST 
Boston 
3o 
37 
69 
Buffalo 
24 
29 
23 
Cleveland 
29 
4) 
I 23 
Columbus 
38 
36 
I o6 
New York City 32 
38 
43 
Philadelphia 
39 
33 
66 
Pittsburgh 
36 
31 
1.13 
Portland, Me 
2o 
32 
41 
Washington 
4V 
68 
.13 

The campaign consists of the testimonies of var­ illus outstanding and well known figures who have come to a personal ex­ perience with God in .!e- siis Christ and present their vv itness as liv itig proof that Christ can meet the needs of other lives. 
A m illion dollars lias been invested in sharing that message across the state. The money has come from the free gilts of concerned Baptists 
Local congregations are tin1 center of the ac­ tivities that follow up the m edia with efforts to share the gospel iii wor­ ship celebrations and in interpersonal communi­ cations. 
Late 
As is predictable, 
C hristians and church­ men are late to the scene of media efforts. 
It is true that out­ standing personalities like Fulton Sheen and 
B illy 
G raham have shared the religious message through the media. 
However, the moving 
•if the philosophy of me­ dia communication away from one man speaking before an audience to various kinds of ap­ proaches has been a pat­ tern. 
Churchm en arc awakening to the need of investing their energy iii such efforts. 
Criticism 
The effort has come in for criticism. 
Some have felt that any such effort would be too narrowly sectarian and have objected to it. 
Others have felt that the religious experience is p riva te rather than simply being personal. 
They are offended by the idea of articulating the faith in such personal and intimate terms. 
Some have felt that the effort will be a misuse of money since ifs such a highly expensive field and the results are.very difficult to measure. 
Welcome 
Over against these ob­ jections, there has been a welcome freedom of ex­ pression about the spiri­ tual experience iii recent 
.veals. 
Tins is true because leading figures in the field of politics, educa­ tion, business, and sports have been less reticent about sharing their faith. 
T h ere s been an ab­ 

 sence of narrow dogma­ tic sectarianism also in these efforts. 
The Rev. Ken Coffee of the San Antonio Baptist 
Association was quoted in the Roman Catholic paper of this diocese as saving. “ W e’re not ne­ cessarily trying to make 
Baptists out of them. We hope to create a God* counsciousness. so that they might look back to their religious heritage and maybe turn buck to the church ." 
The reporter fa light the spirit til the effort by saying. “ In tins way the cam paign might help 
Baptist membership, hut it might also help the 
Catholic church in Texas or the Lutherans or many other denominations." 
Awareness 
There’s a deep sense of awareness that if God chooses to move in a spiritual refreshing that 
He leafs across various kinds of doctrinal and denom inational d iffer­ ences to renew and change peoples’ lives 
It will take time to tell whether such media ef­ forts w ill bt* useful en­ ough to be repeated in various sections of the country. 
There is. however, a compulsion iii the seri­ ous Christian's life to re­ spond to the command to 
“ Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature.” Mark 
16:15 
There is no doubt that mass media is the essen­ tial ingredient for such com m unication in our day. 

PILGRIM 
P R E SB Y T FRI AN 

A series of special 
Lenten services will be conducted from Thurs­ day to March 27 at the church, IH-4H Basso Road. 
Special guest speaker will be the Rev. Drew 
Wolcott, founder of the 
Colon Church of Monter­ rey. an ecumenical church of many deno­ minations and nationa­ litie s. 

ST. MARK'S 
EPISCOPAL 

The R t . Rev 
Scott 
Field Bailey will he the first noonday Lenten preacher at the church. 
3(17 
F 
Pecan 
St. 
Wednesday through F ri­ day 
Serv ices will be con­ ducted from 12:o5 to 12:35 p.m. 

CHRIST THE KING 

The annual P-TC festi val will be held at Pab­ lo's Grove Sunday from 
11 a m. to IO p.m. 
A dinner plate of bar­ becue chicken will he sold for $2.25. Entertain­ ment will include music, variety shows, soccer games and bingo as well as refreshments. 

TH E 
Et I M ENK'Al, 
C E N T E R KOK R E L I­ 
GION AND HEALTH 

A workshop and a pull lie lecture will be con­ ducted 
Thursday by 
Kenneth I,. Yaux. profes­ sor of theology and ethics at tile Texas Medical 
Center in Houston. 
The workshop. “ Pas­ toral 
Issues in 
Bioethics." will be con­ ducted from 1:3o to 4:3o p.m. 
The lecture. 
“ The 
Vision of Well-Being and the (ioals of Medicine," will start at 7:3o p.m. 
Both will be held at the ecumenical center locat­ ed at 45o7 Medical Drive. 

KING OF KINGS 

LUTHERAN 

The fourth 
Lenten mid-week service will he conducted ut 7.3o p.m. 
W ednesday at the church. 13888 Dream- wood Drive, 
The sermon theme will be “ The Profile of Pity — 
The Turned Face." The public is invited lo attend 

 for the price of $15 per person, with reduced rates for groups. 
The training session w ill be conducted bv professional puppeteers from Puppet Produc­ tions. Inc., a San Diego. 
Calif.. company. 
For additional details and registration infor­ mation. contact Gary 
Hardwick at 342-3176. 

ST 
PALL UNITED 

METHODIST 

Dr 
Edith Irby .Jones will be the guest speaker 
Sunday during 
“ Wo­ men's Day — 1o77” at tilt* church. 5o8 N. Center St 
Dr. Jones is a clinical assistant professor in medicine at Baylor Col­ lege of 
M edicine iii 
Houston The theme she will speak on will he 
“ M aking C hristianity 
Visible — No Time Like 
Now.’’ 

CAMELOT CHRISTIAN 

(E N T E R 

“ The Road To Arma­ geddon,” a feature length film, will lie pre­ sented ai 7 p.m. Sunday at tile renter, 7626 Ray 
Bon Drive. 
The film depicts some of the latest signs of the imminent return of Jesus 
Christ. Tile public is in­ vited to attend the free show mg. 

MANOR BAPTIST 

The youth of I in* church will sponsor a giant gar­ age* sale from 16 a in. to 4 p.m. Saturday at the Old 
Premier Gas Station, 
1514 Bandera Road 
The public is invited to attend 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 

The Rev. Rafael San­ chez .lr. will conclude the series study on “ The New 
Testament World of the 
Apostle P a u l," at 6:15 p in. Wednesday ut tile ehureb 
His .subject w ill be 
“ Paul’s Message to the 
Gentiles.” A fellowship dinner will be held prior to his presentation. 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 

Starting at ll a m. Sun­ day. three-year-old youngsters w ill have their own church service 

 iii room 75 of Concordia's 
Educational Building 
The hour of inspiring 
Bible-leurning activity geared to the youngster will be known as “ Chil­ dren's (Church." 
The children's serv ice will be conducted by 
Shirley D avis. Becky 
Ebert, Virginia Massie and Esther Garza, 

OAK MEADOW ASSEM­ 
BLY OK GOD 

The Weatherfords, a nationally known group of Gospel singers will present a concert at tile church at 7 p.m. Sunday. 
The public is invited to attend the free presenta­ tion. The church is at 
2714 Hunters Green 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 

“ Naphtali," a new mu­ sical by John Fischer, will be performed at 7:36 p m Sunday by "A ll His 
Children" at the church, 
62o1 Broadway. 
In conjunction with the play, an arts and (Tufts 
“ Naphtali F a ir" will be­ gin ut 6 p m. in the Fel­ lowship Hall, featuring art. books, paintings, woodwork, needlepoint, and refreshments. 

CHURCHES ...CHRISTIAN 
SCHOOLS 

Finance Your Bldg. Program for 3% ... Coll Paul Heidt, 
68oo Park Ten, Suite 265 
South, S A 7 32-9741 

THE CHURCH OFI 
CASTLE HILLS 

. 
I -i 

4 
V 4 

JOHN HAGEE 

Pastor 

9:3o A.M. 

“What Is A 
Believers Meeting?" 

Bible Study with 
Pastor Hagee 

1o:3o A.M. 

Morning Worship 
Hour 

Sunday evening 
6:oo P.M. 
Charismatic 
Believers Meeting 

On lo o p 4 1 o *« la it I * 
Vt m il* W e st e t C en tral Park 
A Nondenominational 

Fellowship of 

 tv angelical Believers 

CASTLE 
HILLS 

BAPTIST 
FIRST 

From 6 3o to IO p m. 
Thursd ay, a puppet training seminar will in* conducted al the church 
S.A. man to be ordained 

The Rev. Jam es E. 
Sehellenberg will he or­ dained a priest of the 
Rom an 
Catholic 
Archdiocese of Sun An­ tonio ut 7 p.m. Friday at 
St. Paul’s Church. Sutton and St. Cloud streets. 

Archbishop Francis J. 
Furev, ordinary of the 
Arc diocese of San An­ tonio, will be the prelate. 
Father Sehellenberg, the son of Mr. and Mrs. I 
Albert F. Sehellenberg/ was born and raised in 
Dallas. His family moved to San Antonio in IHM. 
He graduated from 
Central Catholic High 
School, received a ba­ chelor of arts degree 

 from St. Mary's Univer­ sity and a graduate degree in theology from 
Oblate College of the 
Southwest in Sail Anton­ io. 

LONELY 
CARE 
2 2 6 - 4 4 4 3 

TRINITY aural 

875o FOURWINDS DR 
IH 35 at Loop 41o 
PASTOR ALLEN RANDOLPH 

A N INTER-DENOMINATIONAL CO N G REG ATIO N 
V ______ 
OF BELIEVERS 
J 
Xeem m m aaaaBm aaaeM M M aaaBaaii^M H r 

CAMPBELL MCALPINE 
British Army Motor (Ret.) 

A prophetic voice in today's Church Renewal 
IN-DEPTH BIBLE 
TEACHING 

8.15 

 s u n d a y 

1o 5o a rn./6 OO p m. 

M O N ., TUES 
W E D . 
I 2 Noon and 7:3o p.m. 

 a m & P A Y 
1o:oo a.m./Teaching on Intercession 

A WEEK IN THE W O RD 

" . . .encouraging 
Hie 
C hristian com m unity to 
(tacom a w hat Josut intended . . . a positive, h e al­ in g influence in a hurting w o rld ." 

FO RIS IG N 
Based on observations taken at 
6 a rn f ridav San Antonio time 
Tem peratures are in Fahrenheit 
(left) ond Centigrade ) 
City 
For 
Cent. 

Aberdeen 
Am sterdam 
Ankara 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ic a n tem p eratu res ap pear in both f ahrenheit and 
C entigrade or Celsius Fohren hen is listed tirst in each column ) 
Acapulco 
68 2o 
86; 3o 
Guadaiaior a 
33/ 12 
91/33 
M aratlan .. 
37/14 
82 28 
W e .ito City 
48 o9 
88 31 
M onterrey .........64/18 
91/33 

Doctor 
RALPH 
SEILER 

Continues Lenten 
Series On 
“ Love of P eop le” 
1o :5 o Sun day M o r ln g W o rsh ip 

Scott and Bonnie Jean M o u to n 
O rgan ist and C h oir Director 

TRAVIS PARK METHODIST 
2 3 o I. T ravis tram F orking A cro ss Streat 

 lf You Are Se e k in g But K n o w N ot For W h at... lf Your Present G o a ls A re N o t Enough In Life lf Your D ays See m To Lack Joy And Fulfillm ent. 
LET US INTRODUCE 
YOU TO JESUS CHRIST 

Reverend SID SPAIN 
Preaching On 
‘‘Almost Persuaded’’ 

7 P.M. Sunday Evening “ Hour O f Power” 

Old Fashion Gospel 
Bring Your Bibles 
Music and Hymn Sing 
Nursery Provided 
TRAVIS PARK METHODIST CHURCH 
23o E. TRAVIS 
FREE PARKING ACROSS STREET AT BANK GARAGE 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sot March 19 I 977 
Man says son was freed for $14,ooo 

B R O W N S V IL L E (A P ) - 
A 
Ken­ tucky man claimed 
Frid ay 
Mex­ ican police extorted $14.OOO from him in exchange for release of his son. a r­ rested on marijuana charges in neigh­ boring Matamoras, Mexico 
I S Consul Francis Aren/ said the incident, which began Tuesday night, ended Wednesday night when the son was released to his father who paid the ransom. "It started as an arrest and ended up as an extortion," Aren/ said 
Student in Texas 

The father. Perry Greer, 47. of Lex ington, Ky., said ins son. P e rry Lee 
Greer .lr.. 19, a student at Southwest 
Texas State University at San Marcos, was freed at tin* 
International 
Bridge at midnight Wednesday. The father said he paid $14.OOO of the 
$2o,ooo the extortionists o rig in a lly demanded 
Greer, who said he is part owner of the Patterson and Greer Coal Co in 

Lexington, told Aren/ he received a frantic phone call from his son at 4 a iii. Wednesday who told him that he had been arrested in M atam oras for possession of m arijuana and police wanted $2o,IKM) for his release. 

Aren/ said he has asked Mexican officials for an investigation and also notified the U.S. Em bassy in Mexico 
City. 

Investigation 

The investigation was believed to be iii the hands of federal police because city police had handled the arrest. 

" I don't know why they picked me. I dont know if they checked license numbers or what. I am not a real rich man. but I am in the fortunate or un­ fortunate situation of having some money,” said the father 

PAUL’S GREEN THUMB 
“W e’ve hatched a new addition” 

Help us celebrate our new store with great savings and quality merchandise! 

Shop Our N ew Store at 51o3 Blanco Rd. 
Specials also good at 
85 Haby Dr. 

Sale good five days 
March 17-18-29-2o-21 
Specials good at both 
Nurseries 

JA P LOQUAT 

(Chinese Plu m ) 

$ 
4 
9 
5 
2 to 3 Ft. 
2 Gal. 

PECAN TREES: 

STUART 
2 FOR I SALE 
• W. SCHLEY “" J on . regular prtte. 
Second Tree Free 
• WICHITA (These 3 Varieties Only) 

REDW OOD BARK 

Ju m b o — M e d iu m — Sm a ll 
For decorative use or mulching 

3-CU. FT. BAG 
$ J I 4 9 * 1 
RIG. *5.25 
SAU 
“ T 

I* FRUIT TREE SALE! 

Appl*, Peach, Plum, Pear and Apricot fruit TRK SAU 

„ 
, „ 
RUT OW REC. PRICE 
3 to 5 Ft. 
SECOND ONE FOR V 

VISIT OUR GREENHOUSE at 922 W. HILDEBRAND. 

FICUS BENJAMIN 

I GAL 
52 " 
IA. 

PHoTINIA 
(RED TOP) 
.GAI 
U. 

WAK BEGONIA 
3” Pot* 5 9 
EA. 
IO for }5.5o 

ALOE VERA 
I 
(Seeilo) 
4" POT 98* EA. 

NANDINA 
I GAL 
S I ­ 

HONEYSUCKLE VINE 
I GAL 
• I " 

BWF, PEACH A 
NECToRINI TREE 

EMPRESS e SOUTHER* SWtlT > 1 1 * > 
HECTOR!** 
• S-G«t. e BONANZA 
Cent. 

IMPERIAL 

PECAN TREE 
HVBttOI/lD TOR IOC Al AREA 
ABOUT TS NUTS TO A POUND 

POM GRANITE 

FLOWERING ft FRUITING 
4-5 It. 
Re* 
$/ es s 6 
. 5 
o 

YARD GERANIUM 

PLANTS 
• tmd 
• Orang* 

• W h ite 
• S a lm a n 
• Pink 
• V io l** 
4-IN. POT 
$ 1 2 9 
14 OO DOZ. 
I ca 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PUNTED 

 e FERN 
• BEGONIA e SEDUM • UNT ANA 

FROM *5 ” UP 

FIG TREES 

I IO 4 
FT TAU 
• (11ESTIA1 

• BROWN I URR EY 
• HACK MISSION 

• TEXAS EVERBEARING 

IMPATIENS iv 
«) 
Assorted Colors 

49'u IO roe s4st 

PLANT THAT 

GARDEN NOW! 

• ARTICHOKES 
I- 

• VEGETABLE PLANTS 
Tray at Sis................. 
79’ 

• TOMATO STAKES r» r« * M 
254 U.................... 

$2 *o 
Dei. 

STRAWBERRY PLANTS 
Sa oo k Av 
New Cie*, Sequoia 

• FLOWERING TI 

P a e d i o n * Plum S Ie A H. 

• GRAPE VINES 
»mten t 
Req I 98. 

D e i. 

.91 

Thornton teeniest, hedonic 
S ISO 
.. SAU 
I 

• NEVER TO LATE 

FOR A GREENHOUSE 

• GRAPEVINES 
Re* Ruby............ 
$•1*o 

PAUL S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over 2oo Mot! Popular Varieties 
OUTSTANDING ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
ANO COLOR 
• TREE ROSES e TREE PATIO e CUMBERS 
FROM THE BEST G RO W ERS 

• California 
P Jackson e And Perkins 
FR O M 
3 
SO 

ANO 
UP 

BEDDING PUNTS 

 for flowtrs 

6—-Pionti N f Triy 
79* TRAY 

LAVENDER LANTANA 

1GAL 
SALE 
RIG. $2.95 

* 1 
. 9 5 

BOSTON FERN 
I GAL RIG 
$2.95 
SA l f 

1 
. 9 
5 

FIG IVY 
W a ll C overing 

R eg . 1.98 

Sale 
$1 59 

B O X W O O D A 
D W F . HO LLY 

I GAIlee 
Req. I 91 
Sale 
9 
8 

S H A D ! TREE! 
FAST G R O W IN G 
Arizona Ash 
3.95 Ea. or 

FOR l l 
OO 

CONCRETE AND 
CLAY PRODUCTS 
Squorev round* fuming 

(•((Im , 
Poll, 
Saucers, bul 

 both* 

I o % 
DISCOUNT 

PLANT BULBS N O W 

• G L A D IO L U S • B E G O N IA S T U B E R O U S 

• G L O X IN A IS • C A N N A LILY • C A L A D IU M S 

NO DEUVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
DURING WEEK LONG SALE 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 
SERVICE - GUARANTEED WORK 
So.U.\ sSvwbv'Kmb 
NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 

342-4887 

N E W STORE H O U R S: 

8:3o to 6 PM DAILY 

SUNDAY IO A.M. ta 6 P.M. 
LANDSCAPE PH. 734-6461 

51o3 BLANCO RD. 

NURSERY 
342-4888 

B IA N C O AD e s OO H K 

W E DISCOUNT 

PRICE NOT 
QUALITY 
CU/TOm hi-fi ct 
»T. m a d MARCH sat 
1o..-1o MIDNIGHT1o--,!o 
P.M. 
P.M. 
MASSACRE 
8 

'& % tm 
■ % 
»" ■ 
— 
. 

I,-"/- 
''-'s. 

MODEL 92o 
Y . 
❖ 

■ 
— 
5 

^ e a t ? „ 
H i l l 
/ & 
* 
* * < ? 
MODEM 253V 
V T 
[4 * 
MODEL 14o5 

IP 
' 
T i 
o . > I - 

' 
- H 

• AUTO CHANGER 

• BELT DRIVE 

• COMPLETE 

W OO D 

BASE f 
' 

 f * 
'J. 

VK 
M 62 

C C I e a c h 
• 12” WOOFER 

• 3 W A Y 

• 3” TWEETER 

87 
° S 9»m 

I • AM-FM STEREO 

• 4 SPEAKER 

OUTPUT 
• MATRIX 

CIRCUIT 

M i 
95 

S c L n j n u L L . 

SANSUI RECEIVER 
BIC TURNTABLE 

M O D EL 551 
M ODEL 9 2 o 

STEREO SYSTEM 
(HIP IO N E E R ' STEREO SYSTEM 

• AM-FM STEREO 
• EM MUTING 
• HI FILTER 

EG SPEAKERS 
MODEL PHASE ll 
• DUAl 8 INCH WOOFER 
[ • PIEZO SUPER TWEETER 
• TOWER DESIGN 

I • GREAT SOUND 

• AUTO CHANGER 
• BELT DRIVE 
• WOOD BASE 
• COMPUTE 

"S 
I STEREO SYSTEM 

PIONEER RECEIVER 
|[; 

M O D EL S X 5 S O 
PHILIPS TURNTABLE 

• AM-FM STEREO 
M O DEL GA 21 2 

• Hl r,lTER 
• ELECTRONIC 
• AUTO SHUT OFF 

ICI SPEAKERS 
• SHURE CART 

M O D EL 12 5 3 V V 
O M 
J 
/ 
B 
A 
B 
• 3 WAY 
K M J Im 

• 12" WOOFER 
• WALNUT CABINET 

SANSUI RECEIV 

M ?m °fm S S 
• POWER METERS 
• HI, LO FILTERS 

ECT SPEAKERS 
M O DEL 1255 

M O D EL 98 o 
• AUTO CHANGER 
• PITCH CONTROL 
• COMPLETE 

CERWIN-VEGA 
SPEAKER 

• MODEL IST 

• 4 WAY 
• IS WOOFER 
• TOWER 
DESIGN 

U N BELIEVA BLC 
SO U N D 

497 
38 

WATTS DUST BUG 
RECORD CLEANER 
FITS ANY TURNTABLE 

95 
6 

BASF TAPE 

STUDIO SERIES 
2BA9 y| 99 
CASSETTE 9o 

STUDIO SERIES 
8 TRACK 9o 

PIONEER HEADPHONES 
SF2o5 
SE5o5 

• ECONOMY a VOLUME 
MODEL 
' rn TONI CONTROLS 

(A 18” * k 4 7 ” 

SA N Pf DAO A V I 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

FIDELITY 12.3 WAY SPEAKER 
• IO" WOOFER 
• MIDRANGE • TWEETER 

MASSACRE 
SPECIAL 
25 
95 

CRESTMARK SPEAKER 

DELUXE 4ooo 

• 2-1o” WOOFERS 

• 3 W AY 

StMUAlgglg 
YO litUSTBAVtON 
39 

9 5 

CA 

JIL FM 8 TR/R STEREO 

LCK 
MODEL 

, • UNDERDASH 
C Q 9 5 

I • FM S1EREo 
J J 

| JIL A M FM 8 TRACK 
MODEL M i 

□ M E 

» r m i i i n r u f Q y J 

| • INDASH 
O Y 

PIO N EER CA!(SETTE 

RP 212 
CO95 

• UNDERDASH 
3 7 

| PIO N EER A M FM 8 TRACK 

TP6oo1 

• FM STEREO 
I AA 95 

• INDASH 
I UH 

I JIL A M FM 8 TRACK 
| 
I nr, 
I 

1 3 D 9 Q 
• PUSH BUTTON | A o 9 5 

TUNING 
I UY 
I 
. . . . 

[P IO N E E R FM CASSETTE 

KP25o 

M E s fJI 
I 
1 VvB 

• FM STEREO 
1A4 95 

1 • UNDERDASH 
I UH 

[P IO N E ER A M FM CASSETTE 
I ___ 
KP4ooo 
• INDASH 
| o o 9 5 

• FM STEREO 
I Z 
Y 
I 

ODDS AND ENDS— PRICED TO MOVE OUT— LIMITED QUANTITIES 

PIONEER 
RECEIVER 
MODEL SX636 

• AM EM 
STEREO 

• WOOD 
CABINET 

PIONEER 
CASSETTE 
MODEL CT 6161 

• DOLBY • FRONT LOAD 
• WOOD CABINET 
189 
95 

SANSUI- 
RECEIVER 
MODEL 661 

 l l " 

 r „ * ! . . « • * ” ***, 

• AM FM STEREO 
FM MUTING • HI FILTERI 

219 
95 

DUAL 
TURNTABLE 
MODEL I 249 

• TOR OF LINE 

* A ^ ~ 
~ 
CHANGER 

• BELT DRIVE 
TURNTABLE 
ONLY 

95 

 c u / i o m h i-fi 

179 

D I/ C O U O T 

 c e n t e r 

M ARAN TZ 
SPEAKER 
MODEL IMPERIAL 7 

• 3 WAY 

• 12 WOOFER 

• BASS PORT 

VIoc> 

2 orn 

1o a.m .-I o p.m . 
SATURDAY 

IN SIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANN O U NCEM ENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• M ERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “GOLDEN T W IN S " FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL AN D MOBILE HOME AOS 

E X P R E S S IO N S 
Motoring 
World 

Saturday March I 9 I 977 
Future for car bright colors 

D ETRO IT — Look for a r e s u r ­ gence of two-tone paint effects in to m o rro w ’s cars, not g arish and splashy, but subtle and tasteful. 
With tho resizing of Chevrolet's standard family-sized ears, Chevrolet's t hief interior designer sees a bright fu­ ture for increasing use of softer and more conservative tone-on-tone exterior paint combinations as well as exciting innova­ tions in fabric use in interior car design. 
“ Tone-on-tone exterior painting and color graphics, along with new compu­ terized fabric manufacture are the wave of the future in interior and exterior au­ tomobile design," according to George 
Moon, executive-in-charge. automotive interior design. General Motors Design 
Staff. "The resizing of automobiles in the industry will tend to make cars look si­ milar. 
Area of color 
“ One individualizing technique left will be in the area of color and color packag­ ing. 
"The subtle and pleasing tone-on-tone paint finish of the 1977 Chevrolet Caprice and Impala are a case in point," Moon said. “ The unique architecture of the au­ tomobiles — the dignified profile and simple lines — have come together to bring a strong return to the tone-on-tone, two-tone body paint application." 
Tone-on-tone painting is where the top half o f the car is painted in one shade, while the bottom half is painted in a 

 contrasting shade of the same color. 
Differing from the strong contrast of two-tone applications in the mid-5lis, 
Moon pointed out that today’s approach contributes to the overall styling of the ear by not calling attention to the paint technique itself. 
Reaction favorable 
"When we first showed the 1977 Caprice to a group of Chevrolet executives many months ago. the general reaction was very favorable. It wasn’t until several minutes later that someone noticed the two-tone paint treatment. That was an indication to us — the delayed reaction — that we had succeeded in achieving our design goal. In other words, the toning was subordinate to the overall styling of the ear." Moon said 
Does this portend change iii the role of color in automotive styling? 
"The role of color in automotive styling is still two-fold,” he said. “ You have the cyclical color changes year to year, and you still have innovative color changes which are much more dramatic These tend to show u p iii new color preferences in the small sporty ears. van. pickup and recreational vehicle areas. 
Popular color 
"Fo r example, the most popular color among Chevrolet owners iii 197H was light blue, followed closely by white and silver 
Ten years ago. a majority of Chevrolet owners also preferred light blue. Going 

See COLORFUL, Page b 

Rod East, left, heads the San Antonio Automobile Dealers Assn, for 
1977-78. W ith East are Homar W alker, treasurer, and directors Charlie 
Huffington and Mike Patton. Not shown are Ernesto Ancira Jr., vice president, and directors Dick Kane and Bill Langley. 

A u to T a lk 
B y •lim Abbot I 
.%U(» Edtkrr 

Lotus Elite is unique car 
REPORT 

Fuel cost governs choice o f autom obile 
Do you believe the price of gaso­ line is going up? 
Mitre and more people that I talk to lately express a strong belief that prices w ill cont mile to rise 
We live in an inflationary economy; everything, it seems, increases in price. so why should gasoline he an exception? 
It s not It will go up The question is how much and how fast? 
Now it seems the Alaska oil we have been looking forward to for so long is going to come on shore in the I S at something more than $17 a barrel 
West Coast use 
Oil at that price will increase the price of gasoline where that oil i> used. Most of the Alaska oil will be used on the West 
Coast ll the price of gasoline reaches Ko cents a gallon, then m ile s per gallon will b e ­ come the major consideration for most new ear buyers. Until then traditional factors will prevail. 
The Ko-cent figure is the benchmark 
'cited bv Ford Motor Co Vice President 
Ben Bi dwell as the point at which the 
American consumer will turn from tradi­ tional size ears to compact vehicles 
Here iii T e x a s we are a long way from 
Ko-cent gas. but still a lot of people are concerned about the cost id operating their ears — not sn much right now fait two or three years from now when they will still be driving the same ear 
Hedge bet 
New ear buyers today — some of them at least — want to hedge their l>et 
Nu. I don't know where you eau buy a full-size, or mid-size, sedan thai will seat six adults, carry enough luggage for a two-week vacation, come with air-cmidi- tioning. power steering, power brakes. 

See At TO TALK. Page K 

By JIM ABBOTT 
M ITO EOI TO* 
Unless you are a race car enthu­ siast, the nam e Lotus may not be fam iliar, but if you know about fast cars, Lotus is a household word. 
Now the Deoole who build the Lotus in 
England have gone one gian' step beyond the race course to bring us one of the most unique grand touring ears on any road 
The Lotus Elite, Model 5o3. is first of all an eye-catching beauty The distinctive wedge shape not only adds to the appear­ ance of the ear. but the design ensures maximum aerodynamic efficiency and stability. 
The Lotus is not one of those cobbled together kit ears that the British are quite fond of. 
No indeed. It is a carefully engineered motor car that is remarkable in every detail 
Leading stylist 
The interior was done by Guigiaro. 
Europe's leading stylist, and he should receive an A-plus for the achievement. 
The front seats — I can’t really call them buckets, they are far more than that 
— are as comfortable as they appear to be. The head restraints are not only fac­ tional hut attractive. Lateral support is excellent, and 
I might add much appreciated during rapid cornering. 
There is ample back and forth travel for both passenger and driver. The reclining hacks can be set to suit the mood 
The driver will find that every consi­ deration has been given to make sure he has complete control, and knows what is going on at all times. The instrument pane! is well thought out with vital infor­ mation easy to see, secondary information available, but not distracting. 
Back seat for people 
What we have not mentioned until now is the back seat. Yes. ifs there; and the pleasant surprise, ifs for people 
Not dogs. eats, luggage, babies or groceries, lint for real grown people. 
Now let that soak in for inst a moment. 
How many real grand touring ears can you name that can seat four people? Un- huh, that s a toughie isn't it 
The lift-up rear winflow gives access to a luggage area that will accomodate en­ ough baggage for four people for a week-end. if you pack carefully . There is a maximum of ll cubic feet of space 
The 3o3 comes with a five-speed manual gearbox. 5th gear being overdrive, with an excellent ea^v to find shift pattern 
Factory air. AM/FM stem) with tape deck. flower steering; in fact, you would be hard pressed to add any extras to the ear. 
Robert Smith, of Robert Smith Motor 
Co., 7114 San Pedro, distributes Lotus cars for a seven-state area He told us the 

- -Tv mr* -»-• - 

IN­ 

D IS T IN C T IV E w e d g e sh a p e a d d s to e y e -c a tch in g b e a u ty o f 
Lotus Elite 

CIA SU H jO-Ol SPLAY 
CtA SSW RO -O lW A Y 
OAVSmlO S IW Y 

Elite appeals to a very special group ot people. 
"The person who buys an Elite has a need to seat more than two people. For instance, a young doctor with a family who wants to share his appreciation of a fine car would buy the Flite It will seat four people very comfortably,” Smith said "This automobile has more leg room in the rear than a new Thunderbird, or a 
Mark V 
“ Women now-a-days are in a stronger position in the market-place, and we're happy about that Iii the past the woman might have run down and bought a little sports ear, now she can. b ecau se women are earning as much as men, move into the Lo tu s market." 

Appeals to success 

Tin* Lotus Elite is the type of motor ear that appeals to the successful professional 
■person, man or woman, who wants to in­ vest in a prestige car 
The market for expensive ears is open­ ing up because of the increase in price of all automobiles. 
The person who is looking for someth­ ing different for Ins money, something that will give him a rewarding driving experience, is now aware that the Lotus is not beyond reach. 
There is another phenomenon at work in today s auto market. Certain exotic, unusual or special ears are not depre­ ciating in value; some are. in fact, selling for more today than when they were new tour or live years ago 

Example 
Smith cited the example of the now discontinued 
Lotus 
Europa 
The last 
Europa was built as a 1974 model, and was at one time selling new for sK.9ini A clean 
‘74 model today will bring &K.IMMI 
Of course, no one can guarantee what a used ear will bring in the future, but it is an interesting consideration 
A lot of people say they feel unsafe in a 

 yi, ■ ■;— /-------a ... „ 

I .of u s K lite f ig u r e s 

Suggested price p.o.e 
$19,5o4 
Price as tested.................. $19,954 
Ln g in e.............................. dohc-4 
Displacement...................... 
12ocl 
Horsepower., IOO bhp al 659o rpm 
Torque ... 
I IO lbs ft. at 5ooo rpm 
Overall length...................... 175.5 
Overall height...................... 17.25 
Wheelbase................... 
97.75 
LPA highway................ 26 
LPA c it y ................................. 
IS 
LPA combined ....................... 
19 

 small car. and by many standards the 
Lotus Elite is a small ear. but is is a very safe ear. It not only meets but in many eases exceeds by a substantial margin all current U.S. and European safety standards 

Wide protection 

Tile Lotus is sn designed that the body and chases provide the occupants a wide margin of protection iii the event of a collision, in May 1975 the E lite was iwarded the Don Safety Trophy. 
Lotus has completely reorganized its narketing in the U S to assure owners of skilled mechanical service and availabili­ ty of parts. 
While the Lotus Elite offers a lot for the pi t-.on who has occasion to carry more than two people, the Lotus Esprit, has a completely different character for those. who want a true sports ear 
But that s a different story, one that we will bring you in a future Road Report 
-------- ciASsSrtameLA?------------- a — ■■a T T rr 
T S I a-------------------— 
,----------------- 

1977 BUICK 
SKYLARK SPORT COUPE 

•tmh tomou* V-4 oulomo'k. power Ueenng. ♦•dory ow, pa*»R» brab**, whitewall two*, tin tod aion, boof guard*, body*.* mobfcngv 
"•"*<>* homo maldmg*. dalui* -hoot duo! wort minor*, milk button rodio, 
1 high energy rgmtMm. #*o844 
*4777, 

’77 BUICK 
CENTURY SPECIAL 

 low Cor, »A6*o7 lunk * to mom V 6, door guard*. rodiai whitewall*, automatic trommtwoii, goo*, (tooting, po**, blok ti, tut pill tor pet. tinted ghm, iottory au con ditiooiung. detu*e wheel toe*.*, high energy 19 

 ration 

SALE 

PRICE 
$4888 

1977 REGAL COUPE 

 rs, lf ifHif 
C t im v 
•t ttr 

 s5777 

Dnoon Id car, ttU ii, 15o 4-hanoi V-l, automatic, power clouring, po war br aho*, tai tory aer, twrtod ala**, door guard*, 

 v whitewall tiro*, MI light group, Cullom 

A , podded Landau. AAA *M Stereo, body».dr r molding*, iud accent ttripat, bet price 
1 SHW 

SALE 
PRICE 

WE CAN 
LEASE A N Y 
BUICK OR OPEL 
/XU CAIC 
OPEL SALE STILL IN PROGRESS! 

ON SALE 
BRAND N E W ^ S M P I 
BUICK OPEL$6oo 
CASH 
REBATE 

HURRY - HIGH!* 
PRICfS ARE COMING! 

WE SELL BU ICKS EVERY DA Y TO PEOPLE THAT THOUGHT 
THEY COULD O N LY BUY A FORD OR CHEVROLET.” 

 b r o a d w a y 
^ 
/ 
9 9 C - 1 o C 1 
5o1 B 
R 
O 
A 
D 
W 
A 
Y 
. 
. 
/ 
2281361 

RIGHT DOWNTOWN 
V 
R f ^ 
& & U A O vH 

SPIRES DOmAS BUICK 

NORTH PARK LINCOLN-MERCURY 
MARCH B O N A N ZA SALE 
NEW 1977 MONARCH 
2 D O O R 
MONARCH STANDARD U 
MATURES INCLUDES 

• A M Radio 
• 25o 6 cylinder 
• Automatic • Vinyl Top 
• Power Steering • Pow er Brakes 
• White Sidew all Radial Tires 
• Air Conditioned • Tinted G lass 
• Left Hand Rem ote Mirror. 
I i 
11*1*1 

 to R tir r tta r r o 
1 

BOBCAT VILLAGER WAGON 
• 4 Speed 
• Front Disc Brakes 
• Air 

• Luggage Rack 
• Tinted Glass 
• White Side Wall. 
* 3 9 9 © 
1977 CAPRI ll MPG 
• Automatic • A M Radio • Tinted 
G lass • Steel Belted Radial Tires 
• Style Steel W heels • Pow er Front 
Disc 
Brakes 
• Instrum entation 
Groupe 
• Protactive 
Body 
Side 
Mouldings. 
* 3 9 9 9 

JUST RECEIVED SHIPMENT OF 
COUGARS 

1977 COUGAR 2 do o r 

★ Tinted G lass 
★ 3o2 V 8 
^ 
★ Autom atic 
★ O utside 
M irro r 
* Pow er Steering 
Ar D eluxe W h e e l C overs 
★ Pow er Brakes 

* 5 1 5 o 
★ SEVERAL TO CHOOSE ★ 
* All Prices includes Freight and D ealer Prep. 
NORTH PARK 92o7 SAN PEDRO 
^ --------------------------- 
341-8841 
LINCOLN*MERCURY 

* 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Saturday March 19 1977 
D O 
A U T O M O T IV E 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 7o2 726 FoRFI6N SPoRT8CARS 782 726 FOREWSPfBTSCARS, m m m m m rnm 

;Q2726 Fo 
REI6 
N SPoRTSCARS 
FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
2o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 

S P R IN G T IM E 
BRINGS 
SUNSHINE, FRESH AIR, W A R M BREEZE 
AND 
CONVERTIBLES 
BEAT SUM M ER PRICES N O W 
S-SPEEO B O X 
DISC BRAKES 
Q U A R TZ CLOCK 
1977 
I 24 SPIDER 

REDUCED 
TO 
* 5 9 9 5 ° ° 
$4237oo 

T W IN O V ER H EAD C A M 

STIEL RA D IA LS 

TINTED G LA SS 

S T A I! T A X LIC. 
KO T INCL. 
LIMITED TO C A R S IN STOCK 

America t lowest priced hue iporti tor 

 is even a betttr volu* now 

LIM ITED SU PPLY 
STATE T A X A LIC. 
N O T INCL. 
M '""iE T SPECIAL 

FREE 
A M -F M R A D IO 
LUGG. RACK 
WHEEL TRIM 
SPEC. STRIPES 

LARGEST SELECTION 

*= o 
- 
" C T 1 
S ' n t Te * a s S 
X -1 9 
BEST B U Y S E V E R 
M OB 
JAGUAR • M G B • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

I M P 
182o B R O A D W A Y MTS 
222-9121 

C O M E TO S E G U IN 
TODAY, & SUNDAY 
S A V E $1 5 o 
. o 
*3oo to 
★ O PEN S U N D A Y * 

P i 
1sc 

 ou 
N 

T 
S 

DISCOUNTS 
DISCOUNTS 

COROLLA 
LIFTBACKS 
CELlCA 
LIFTBACKS 

LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

D 
I 
S 
C ou 
N 
T 
S 

Nobody can oqwal small town prices! 

Factory Installed 

Options: 
A M Radio, SSO. 
A M -F M Radio $77. 
Air Conditioner 
$ 3 6 5 . 
Pin Striping, $28. 

UNLIMITED 
SELECTION 
All Models cmd Colors 

HIGHEST TRADE 
ALLO W A N CE 
— 24 hour delivery 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Dial Toll Free! 

Open Eves: til 9 p.m. 224-4183 

. c a 

17 Mi. from San Antonio 

NEW 1977 
Dodge Colt 

* 3 2 2 4 
3 o 

EPA: 47 Miles Per Gal. Hwy — 3o City 

DELIVERED IN SAN ANTONIO WITH 

THE FOLLOWING STANDARD EQUIPMENT: 

Reclining bucket teats, adjustable steering column, tinted gloss, power disc brakes, rodio, whitewall tires carpeting, front ond rear bumper guards, uses regular or unleaded gas. reor window defogger 

 a o n l° y r * 3 2 2 4 3o 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW ’77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Year/5o,ooo Mile 
Warranty Available 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 
76 VW BUS automatic, air, rodio. ana a tv nor. la Grande with ASMAR I-track, *5895 

MAZDA GLO 
“THE ALL NEW PISTON ENGINE 
CAR FROM MAZDA. . 

AVAIL ABL! IN: 
... 
• 4 SPEED TRANSMISSION 
• S SPEED TRANSMISSION 
• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 

(5 SPEED TRANSMISSION 
EPS RATINGS:) 
4 2 H W Y . 
35 C IT Y 

(WITH IK M CC m r OH ENGUM) 

(JUST m r DC M AT 
SO MPH ANO USTIN) 

(MAZDA ENGINEERED THE GIC TO BE QUIETER THAN MANY OTHER Linn CARS) 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 

N o w , y o u can re a lly sa v e on a new , fully e q u ip p e d P e u g e o t b e fo re you e v e r set fo o t in the sh o w ro o m . 

A rn rn rn r n tt mar a a 
o # Suggested Retail 
C 
A l 
/ 
C 
Price on any new w B b m 
V 
V 
1976 Peugeot. 

. v d t T G j k 

Peugeot 5o4 SL 
Gas Sedan *. 

Peugeot 5o4 
Diesel Sedan*. 

Peugot 5o4 
Diesel W a go n *. 
W a 'v a cut tho price on e ve ry 1976 
Peugeot on our lot to m a k e w a y for the incom ing 1977 m odels. 
So com e on dow n for the best 
Peugeot deal ever. 
But hurry. 
Quantities ore limited and this offer expires M a y 31, 1977. 
* Rebate from P.O.E. Price. D o e s N o t 
Include Air Conditioning or Radio. 

CLOCK STOPPING 
SUPER SHOPPING TIME 
ALAMO TOYOTA 

7o1 ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 
7o1 
ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

GRAND SPRINGTIME AUCTION 
3RD A N N U A L 
ANTIQUE e CLASSIC • SPECIAL INTEREST C A R S 

D O IT 

N O W ! 

1 5 o C A R 

L I M I T 

WURSTHALU BLDG, LANOA PARK, NEW BRAUNFELS, TEXAS 
1o:oo A.M . M A R C H 26, 1977 
O IN » A l ADMISSION 
COm lGNMINT 
SSO OO 
ST OO ata re aso n tio D M s s n $1o OO r o t DIT a h s c o n ta c t-. 
B R O O K S M O T O R S 
Spotialiied Auto Sole* 
921 IO HGUIN, HIW M aU N f (IS. TEXAS / S I3o 

PH: 5 1 2 -6 2 5 -9 6 4 2 
C O N S IG N YO U R CAR N O W ! 

Coif too much lo get to work? 

TRY A 
H O N D A C IV IC " 
C Y C C 5 S P E E D 

/OI ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 
7o8 CORVETTE 

SS B U IC K R I V I E R A SIS. all oower, tro th .r in t .n o r Good 
.condition Collector s S c o o t 1 

 i i Chevrolet * cyl 4 dr original. y e owner SAPP t i l *! It________ 
Sa Chevrolet E lC o m in o Special 
Sion Like new. 4),OSS m ilts o rigin a l 
Lo ade d, oir 
B est r. 73ii7»3 
_________ 
SS Chevy 4 door. body only Me­ iotic sold New point in process atrsttoroHon IJJ s t i t ^ m 

 i t Chevy 4 dr V I Air auto , cettanl condition 141 MOS ex- 

C H E V Y Im p a la , looded. 
I-awner immaculate For those wha appreciate p m B R O A D W A Y________H I 1)41 i IS Chevy Mint condition St.OSO 
1oo4o m iles E (callant running 
.leodH'on All oripinol ASS 4oo4 e la s tic lo s s 
C h e v 
D e tu n e 
'-awner original Best otter Coll 
Peed Vosauer at 174 7311 before peo.m ar ¥24-7834 otter 7 It a rn 
.C L A S S IC 14SS C H E V R O L E T 
CUL m e One owner O rigin al 
.Boot otter Call Fred Vosauer at ep*-73" before 7 p rn or *7 4 /SM gNqr i to p m 

 loss E D S E L in storage, pose I veer $ Little reauired for perfect 
'restoration Body and m ed ian t soso a rrvine m a t * ssss 

1976 CORVETTE 
I oohed, including 3 SO I 48 VB engine, ouiomohc, redly erheeh, epee tai imtrumentohori 
White lettered steel belted radials AM 
IM radio barolo! olami 
Im maculate, only 16.ooo miles 
$8477 

DEVINE, TEXAS 
Son Antonio Direct line 
677-853o 

TFSL c s beme 

■ Nest time the gee pum p 
Stotts to puss $1o OO end it s the second time this week that you've had to till up. think about the E PA s 54 41 m pg • end the lowest priced gas you can buy' That s what it could be like if you owned a Honda civic C V C O 
5-Speed Hatchback 

■ I his is the m ileage ch om p tor 197/ 

'lo fty perfect 
MOO or bast ofter. 
• M m 

I -J43 FALC O N C O N V E R T IB L E now lop f 77 tass. t7/ /psi_______ 
ISM Ford Coupe I window street rod. E n su an t condition 444 4/44. 
4S4//N 
! 
I 144* Ford 7 door, ru n s good E l fro ports SSSQ ASS So46_________ 
IO FO R D 4 Dr Sedan 7** ~OHV 
Enoree See. drive of ISS Sunway 
Dr 
Hollywood pork 
T A Y LO R 
I N M 
1*41 Ford 7 dr Sedan O rigin a l 
S1ooS turn 47J 171o 
I T N T Or ohm Paige Sp*, restored je ll 4*4-1432 
I 'M LIN C O LN Continental, runs. 

74 Cleon Special Ferrari Shark 
Vette. T top with air auto, etc. s a m CprQl AH 784/_____________ 

’77 CORVETTE 
7)o4 actual ml in w a rra n ty 
Powder blue. ISO V I, automatic, 
•actory cast alum inum wheels. white raised letter radial tires. tilt telescope Steering wheel om tm stereo, rear window defogger, burglar alarm. Rack and pinion steering 
$98oo. 
C A L L J I M 
661 451! 

• $§/F Arts*.-o*o Morsel* Mom* CO ><X 

S e e w h a ! The w o r i d i i 

 c o m in g t o a t . . . 

TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 

9 5 o o S A N PED RO 

34 1 -1 3 5 6 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN H W Y. • 655-o241 

HURRY, HURRY, HURRY, We re stopping the 
(lock from Thursday to Saturday and be open to midnight each night, THAT MEANS WE WILL 
BE DEALING LIKE THERE S NO TOMORROW." 
Sporty equipped car. The racy GT liftback comes standard with a 5-speed overdrive transmission And lots of sporty features at no extro cost. Buy the Celica GT Liftbock now before Clock Stopping Time runs out ot mid­ night, Soturdnv 

S3 

’75 VW SUPER r r r *2995 
74 VW SUPER air, d e a n 
........... 
*2595 
74 VWBUS 7-poiIaeger, standard, radio 
*3895 
'7 4 DASHiR 2 sa rr!!'..l?rr.!r?:.‘329s 
'73 TOYOTA SSW '................ *2195 
'73 VW K S ? * 
........... ‘2495 
'72 VW *»,.!»...................... ’179S 
72 VW Standard, titre ebon, law mHaofo 
*1975 
72 VW BUG Staodard, dot............. *1595 
’68 VW aitradooa................... *1o5o 
O ver 1oO now 4 u se * cars in stock 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

L o n e S ta r v o l k s w a g e n ^ t 33o3 Broadway - 8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 
‘ 

ROD EAST rift 
VOLKSWAGEN W 

N O B ET T E R C A R 
N O B E T T E R Ft A C E T O B U Y 

1 4 o 2 N I 
L o o p 4 1 o f l O g 
. 
1 
2 
o 
1 l a i t a t N e c a g d e c h e i I d 
O 
X 
O 
I 
A 
V 
NEW CAR SPECIAL 
1977 RABBIT 2 DOOR DEUIX! 

MODEL: 
# 1 7 6 1 

•FUEL INJECTED* 

4 Speed, Fully Synchronized M anual Trans­ mission, 
RU N S 
O N 
R EG U LA R 
G A S , 
Leatherette Interior, Tinted G la ss, Steel Belted 
Radial Tires. 

LIST PRICt: Excluding State and Local Taxes, and Registration is 
$ 4 5 7 9 5o 

SALE PRICE: 
$4 
I 7 
9 
5o 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
' 73o- 743 AUTOMOBILES 

YOU ASKED FOR IT, YOU GOT IT. TOYOTA 
ALAMO TOYOTA 
514 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-o723 
I A, roc I from lh. Airport) 
113o BROADWAY 
SPECIALS 

'76 PORSCHE 914 

7 , o o o M iles, 5 Sp e e d , 
A M E M Stere o 
*7495 
Call: Louis Garcia 
NORTHWOOD 
POR SCHE-AUDI 

1 3 2 6 N .E . L O O P 4 1 o 
L-_— 
J 

716 M6 

'/J M O B Csnertible. Perfect in- tide and out Factory air condi honed 4244o tor fait cash deal 
435 16*1 
1*74 M C B C o n v e r tib le 
Low mileage 434*5 Chondler, I i i I T H 
•Ii M O B Convertible, overdrive, 
A M F M ste re o tope, lu s s o s e rock. other extras. I*,SSS mite*. 
144SO Cot! 34* *155 Ofter 4 pm 
I i M G M idget t a callant cond' non mutt lent 
75 M G M idaet t »teilent cond' hon S315S Atter 4 65/ 12/5 

717 OPEL 

C a i Saver, 7 } Opal Coupe fully equipped air, 
SHOO 
Cash 
342-1424, 
73 Opel G T in good ihape 52oo8 
654 6S64 or 414 USS 
72 O P E L GT, Sport wagon, air, pm tm S1»*5 113 8152___________ 
74 O P E L M A N T A L U X U S 
4 ipeed, radio. air conditioned 
523*5 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S h O O J A N ^ D R O ^ J J H l J J 

SPRING REDUCTION SALE! 
I i n in i. n e ii CutieM automatic, air. power 
76 OiDSMOfcU am brake., awd!# wttk deck, tat wheel, vinyl ta p ....... 
76 MMU! Pickup. 4 

•4 9 9 * 

* 3 4 9 * 
'76 M U I ll 4-daor, 6-cyUndar automatic, all pow., 
•raartng. power beak ac ere, aa radio . . . 
■ to u c A t a ..................................... 
1 
'76 (ORONA 4-door 
7 S KONTE CARIO 
..vice control, vinyl lop. a .taal a t ................ 

4 7 9 * 

•3 1 9 * 

•3 * 9 * 

•3 3 9 * 
75 CHICA or 
* - £ ” *■ 
•’• — 
« "'v 
26,ooo mew................ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
•vc fftitrt* r Or-wniviib, o u to m o fu air. A M /F M , 
’SHZ.r a x m s" r m • r r 
•.». 
7 4 VOLVO e-dear, air . . . tlOUCID ton QUICK SAU - 
* 3 1 9 * 
74 DATSUN 71o Coupe, autamath. air. radio, vinyl tap * 3 3 9 * 
7 4 DATSUN 
^ autam tl,. radio. aiDUCID «4 S 9 # 

7 3 GRANO FRIX 
. . K S C*» 
* 3 6 9 * 

•/J oiM M O Rtu p s r r s s u A t n 
K s z *3 9 9 # 

7 2 CHIVROUT ^ 
" T 
* * ' * 1 3 9 * 

’7 2 WARK ll Wagofii outoffKitk, abv rod io . . . . . . . . . 
* 1 * 9 9 1 
71 (M VIRKK m ^ a m ; M , pawar 
, w 
# 

7o (KOSMOSKI Cwtbu, fwtomoHc, radio . . . . . . . . 
* 1 1 9 i 

 k l FOCO 
•vtom4,tk 
• 4 9 f t 

6 9 BUICK 
J door hard top , e u to m o tit, s ir , # 

* N IU * M A N Y M O R I TO C H O O * ! F R O M * 
. i m n m m m i 

 m a v i n 

 i i 
: i i t i n i i i i i i i 

34834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

73 PORSCHE 
911 T COUPE 
5 
Speed, 
" S 
Instru- m enti ond W h e e ls. 
I 
I 
I 
II - 
• 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

•ll T O Y O TA M o rn ll Corona, yel­ low. air. good tires N ew clutch, 
41425 633 7*35 

I 
I 
•8995 I 
Call: Louis Garcia I 
NORTHWOOD J 
PO RSCH E-AU D I I 

1 3 2 6 N .E . L O O P 4 1 o " 

TO YO TA OF S A N A N T O N IO 
1763 S E M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
____________ *24-»4SI 

TO Y O T A O F S E G U IN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 
/J T O Y O T A 
Station W agon A uto m atic trons- m ittitn. radio, air conditioned 
*21*5 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
*4o6 SAN P E D R O _______ 1411356 
1*73 
T O Y O T O 
C H IN O O K 
C A M P E R . 37,ooo m i N ew tires, 
A M -F M RodiO, E x tra s. I owner 
1 635 2o5o atter 6 

’76 CAPRI ii 

V 6 , 
Pow er 
S te e r in g , 
Stereo, 4 Speed, Air. 
*3995 
Call: Ron W alker 
NORTHWOOD 
PORSCHE-AUDI 

1 3 2 6 N .I . L O O F 4 1 o 
8 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

 ll vw Bus Excel isnt cond sago mi on engine Air. A M F M stereo. 
SUSQ 342 14/4 Ofter 4pm________ 
1*76 VW Bus, luggage rock, AAA- 
F M rodio. Oir. S4»*5 4*4-4413 
71 VW Bus. * passenger. G o od condition *15o5 675 263*________ 
64 VW Compte, sleeps I, S7VS. 71 
Pinto looded, 58*5 *57 1824 t i VW Chrome wheels, rad ials excellent mechanical cond 
73S JIO! 
H VW convertible 
52.566 m l 
A M F M tape HOOS 674 6515 

1 977 LICENSE 

, 
- |J . D r t D low mileage, viny) roof, auto 
/ I L n A K v t K malic, power steering 

>■ a I I D I I toUP* Otntno1 and ebon. 
/* * |Yl A l ID U Power, ow, ak extras, wthtevralls . 

 f f \ \ ▼ Contuse! hardtop 
Kadis, heater, 
/ o L U L I automen:, vinyl root like new ......... 
7S coronet S X F # 
'71 DART !.“»*•. 
«■ 
/ I I#M V I I WYiittwoih, o#od ........................ 
•72 COUPE De VUU: 
*3 dean................................................... 
’74 GOLD DUSTER SUtomotK, whitewolts . 
’75 DART 
Etui! 
.... 
'71 MAVERICK oir, vinyl roof. 
•74 DART J S J S W '. ”.'....... 
'7o FURY III whitswirik, rtol (loon ......... 
7 1 POLARA SSI.X Z ’.rr:.*:. 
’74 DODGE 
’74 SATELLITE s*knnfl ^ p#*w’ m‘ 

*145o 
*275o 
*329o 
*359o 
*199o 

*285o 
*288o 
‘3o5o 
*119o 
*288o J 
*129o 
*14oo 
‘229o 

 deon vinyl roof, whitewalls, real 

723 TRIUMPH 

MF Tr TCMASTER, 814 /427 m r 
1*64 
VW excellent condition. 
341*411 

718 PORSCHE 

7* C O R V ET T E auto powei ait stereo, till wtteel. power window* i uuu o ar ruck 
ISi-outitul m ohouqny color white leother mlonor ll OOO mi S8*»i mill luxe 
It od* »** o2*4_________ _ 
75 CORVETTE fc .collen! cond'tion low mi auto air i»» v»4o t il 33i eves wee l ends 54* 221* 654 4o66 
_____ 
It Corvette I Hi engine, like new 
IO OOO miles t i 4 fl/vl 
_______ 
■ /4 Corvette loaded I 41 plumy 
_______ 
223 I sa* 14,ooo mi excellent cond 1465o 
4 M U STAN G hardtop I tad. 2oo 
J 'f l l * ? ! 'l l ? --------------- 
' CU ' 6 tactory air. restorable can 
*4 Corvette 427. 4-spead. exeat 
<Ition '44 F A LC O N 24o VO lion lent condition 141 OO }4* 764/ 
Hoed 4 dr Mustang sa SO. both tor 
II Corvetta T top. outo A M F M 

M n : — : - : 4*, r s 
-tfTFi g its y z r, 
E i. » £ iL i P Potkord Cupper Agr above 
75 COR VE T T i , white am fr 

*74 MERCKDEZ 
BENZ 45o SEL 
Automotic. 
Power, 
Au. 
Sun loot. (raise Control, Stereo, leather Interior, 34,ooo Miles. 
*14,5oo 
Coll: R o o W o lk e r 
NORTHWOOD 
N O R S C H E - A U D I 
1 3 2 6 N .I. L O O P 4 1 o 
8 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

NO RTHW O O D P O R SC H E A U D I 
1234 N E LOOP 41o 
824 3214 
45 Porsche ISAC Good condition. air 
82o 8484. oat 
381: atter 6 
142 /tit. 
INTRODUCING 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 

•75 Porsche *14, 2 o Litr*. execs liv e s w ifes c a r l 
T ru ly im- maculate, must itll, any reason able otter 
224 1*17. i t l l 
B i OOO WO y 
74 P O R S C H E I O point S4ooQ 6S3 11/1 
New yellow 

712 JAGUAR 

 igakI beautiful S I}*! 
I tTl> BRO AD W AY 
Jaguar XJ 4. 74 All power. AM 
FM iteraa, btu* with red interior 
Excellent condition 
M O H 
4*6 IU * 

Porsche 77. *14. orange appear­ ance group, A M FM , excellent, only 38,8oo miles 13*oo 4*4 1*8* l*/4 Porsche * 11 Sportam alic, 
33,ooo mi 11o,ooo 342 4/3* 
72 Porsche *11 T orso 5 speed gauges A M F M stereo tape Al toys Excellent! 1815o 4*4 H O O__ 
71, *11 T Toga 2 **o o m i, air. 
A M F M a llo ys, C B 
S -sp e *d 
1*5oo 
Coit 
M c A lle n , 
Tx 
AS 2-482-SZF I Or SI2-4U 581* aves 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS CARS 
'7 4 TRIU M PH TR 6, air 
’74 MGB, GT, air 
'74 FIAT I 24 Sp yd e r air] 
'74 FIAT Cou p*, air 
’73 DATSUN, 2 4 o Z, oir 
'72 TRIU M PH GT 6, air 
W I ALSO tie AIS MOST 
~ ‘&fci'2tlKSNCA,i 
VAI Vt JO B. TMS W H I 

66 VW Excellent cond B ra n d new clutch, brokes, muffler. E x tros Orig owner SOSO 

'73 CHALLENGER 
HO R......... power, rn, vinyl roof 

71 VW fastb ack 43,ooo nti lei, good condition. SI 7 SO atter 5pm 
654-o722 

'ixiuutr. 
Packard 1*5*. Clipper 4 dr, excei- lent S15oo 732 3o51 224 4551 
■ 1o44 iludebaker, acyl. 25 mites per got, best otter 475 o/41 
W A N T E D ' W A N T E D ! 1*51 54 
:Chevrolet pickup, geed s o d y 

782 726 LOMHm SPo8TSCAB8 

I 
SA VE YO UR OLO CAR 
Reliable Sport Car Serv Repair 
Robmsen's Sport Cars Repair 
^ R O A O W A Y ^ ^ I 2 M M * 

7U8 ■ ALFA BOMLO 

 e* A L F A R O M O R O S P Y O E R 
________ 6*o 1137 anytime________ 

 tm auto air, CB oguipped i owner, 
17.ooo rn* 17 OOO SSS-*!$7 av**, weekends 
Corvetta 43 with hardtop nteds ta be restored, 17Soo 451 43o2 
77 V E T T E . auto, p ow tr, air, stores, tilt wheel White dark brown leather interior Perfect condition Will take trade It * o7*4 
77 Vttto, I IOO m i , auto. air, power, tilt, a n im tape cruise red black leather, St*.SKS o r? 
432 3o42 I 751 33o$____________ 

W AN TED 
73 or 75 Vette T top 
L87 4 speed with all o g h a m 
454 3J84 or 452 5*o* (work) 

7o9 OATSUM 

7o4 AUDI 

1*73 A U D I F O X 2 door 
Low m utate lo ad o d with mony op lions 524oo Atter 4 a rn 633 *4 It 
72 A U D I IM G L 
Auto. arr. exceiient 12ooo or aet! otter 624 4*o1 
_______________ 
72 Audi IOO t i. 4 Or, tactory arr, out#, new tires, excellent cond 
I I M 426 34o4 814 M i l 
7o AU D I IOO LE, excellent cond! hun An c o d ,g it 
-ic » u -. 
/(irtAPHi 

I t C A P B I 2ooo d e lu .e in te rio r 
I 

D A T SU N 
BRYSO N AUTO C E N T E R 
143o PAT B O O K E R 
U N IV E R SA L C IT Y 618 4271 
73 DATSU N 7 door deluxe. 12oo 
Bodut* Pure econom y1 826 4334 
78 Datsun W oden 
E xce lle n t cond 
Riroudhout 
Asking 17/s 
344-4QQ3 
_________ _ 
'72 Datsun SIO Woaon Excellent condition Bestower SSS 1727 
74 DATSUN 261)7. Uke new 
7267 W U R Z B A C H 
6** 1333 
1*73 DATSUN 24o2 
826 *SoSi its OOH 
L IK E NEW 

 cond 

X r r T l u T W r , ad . 25 OOO mi. l l he 
SIMO 

1o76 Datsun IM I, like IWW r n 3157 
2 *2 IO,I 

 s h u l 

Excellent 
H U M _________________________ 
'72 Capri air, vinyl tap F M stereo. 
8 track player, oxcottont cond, 
MMC u r n o w n 17_______________ 
•73 C A P R I. 6 Cyl air tm Im 
Brawn 11*5o 633 1 OO* eves 

• ii C A P R I, excellent condition 
SIM S or Pest otter 34' J H I 
■74 C A P R I, fully equipped air cand 341 s*32 

I t l l C a p ri C h ia Sun re al. 
Velour soots, loather steering wheel 4 speakers, air ouiomohc 
VO. 
Low mrieaae 
By owner 
IQ I O M I 
" l l C A P R I 
L ik e new 
L e i mileage V S, air A M F M 124*1 

•7 ) 24o2 excellent. Uke new moas, new paint 6o4 44/j air. 

 i i 24o2 4 speed, air, am tm. 
•opedeck. extra cteon* Red with white interior 341 a i l 5 IO pm 
71 24o2 4speed am tm. orange 
Black interior perfect condition 
47 OOO mi 13*o5 wit: lake trade 
M H W 

71o PWT 
7« FIA T 128 St I owner law NU air 4-spned, am Im, yellow S II* ! 
M 
M 
I ----------------------------------- 
I i F IA T 124 S P ID E R IO OOO milos A M F M stereo cassette deck luaoaae rata. wire wheels, e< eel lent condition l i t SOU days. 
H *8 S 4 jM « jn ty )iM ^ ra e k e n d i^ ^ 

C onvertible Q uick, and very reliable 
Almost now condition n a o u t ----------------------------------- 

714 N O B ____________________ I 

 callant cond $11*5 674 17o2 

It R X I STATION W AGON a spood. radio, air conditioned 
527*5 
TOM HENSON IM P O R T S 

716 - Mf ROMS B M 

It 3ooo metqllic red Ton, in war­ ranty loaded 
112,3oo 
?1 4 *W !* M (8 1o 4 IQI__________ 
64 Mercedes Beni I*oC 4 door sedan, sand biege. rod up h o l­ stered auto. good cond ii,M S. 
533 OSO* 
M E R C E D E S , ‘I i. 24oD i »(silent cond low mi. IS- IO mpg 
4*o 7822 
1**8 Mercedes Otpsat, 4 door, up to 31 miles aor gallon, air. Slits, m o, be seen qt 6431 BrgpBWOT 

 t i M E R C E D E S 2M O Very good cond now engine with papers lo prove Automatic, air Call attar 
5 OO 66) 6674 13/M Or best oHer! 
To Mercedes 22o, looded. SHOO i i i i H U Boerne____________ __ 
1*74 M E R C E D E S 4SoSL s i,2so and toke over paym ents 
Coll <SU) 34 5 4*67. (511)3o1 MOO 

7 1 M E R C E D E S 28oS 
Sum oat. cruise low mileage ab salutary like new 
Itll SAN P E D R O _______734 4413 
M ISSIO N C ITY IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S R E N ? 
Service 
342o SAN P ED R O 

Call: Ron Wolkpr 
NORTHW O O D 
FO R SC MB-A U O I 
1 3 2 6 N I . L O O F 4 1 o 
8 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

■oW U K rX 

721 SUBARU 

Like new, I i Subaru. G L LOURO, oir. 4 speed, ll SSS miles. 28MPG. 
K tjju lO M Ic h v S l^ 

72? TOYOTA 
" a * AM O TOYOTA 

PERFORMANCE 

The cor will not b ore you. D u rin g 1 9 7 6 , it took first in its cla ss in 12 out of 16 roces, b ea tin g H o n d a s, Datsuns, 
Pintos, V e ga s, T o yo to i o n d Fiats 
G re a t p erfo rm an ce , p lus 41 M P G h igh w a y, 2 5 M P G City, a c c o rd in g to E P A 

 tests. 'R e m em b e r: These m ile age fig u re s o re estim ates. 
The oc ut al m ile age yo u get will va ry d e p e n d in g o n the type o f d riving yo u do, yo u r d riv in g h ab its, yo u r car s 

 condition a nd o ption al equipm ent 

L e C a r b y R e n a u lt s' 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 
21 3o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 appoocoi b d m m m n m 

A LAM O S P O R T S C A R S 
Authomed Sales and Service 
Tnumph Alta Romeo 

’7G TR 7 
AM FM, oir. 14.SM milos S4,*M. 
W W ! ) f.M » » ________________ 
7o TR4, S I7So 
Bill, 111 IIM w ork,SSI 3532 homo 
48 Triumph GT 6 oxcoltent mach cond., am -tm, w irg w h o sis w rodtols, U SM mi 674 2441 
•71 Triumph TRS good cond , point, Rp m tdftr 1 37* 67o* 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 
'73 BUG oir. radio low mileage, engine runs greet 14) 5*46 
BUGS!!! 
From IO U tru 1*77 
CALL B IL L 834-442o 

Co!LJLul > L * . t ^ 
Cars 

Across From Airport S2S-S723 
_______ SIS N E LOOP SIS 
•74 Celica GT Very clean A M 
F M By owner I to I 
227 I IH ; : atttr lf 4M-Q-'a* 
‘7S C O R O L L A D e L u x e i-iio sr. I 
Auto, air, A M F M 14.SM miles. I 
Super clean S512134____________ ; 
IF YOU CAN B U Y A B E T T E R 
BU ILT S M A L L CAR TH AN AT : 
P-E-YM 
IWY JT 
I i Toyota Celica ST Excellent tend , best ewer ASS-1717. 
71 TOYOTA C O R O LLA , now an­ oint. 34M PG C xco llo n l cond , 
SUSS, Waltor White. 474 4S12 sr i l l J5J4 A N Y T IM E 1_____________ 

I t Toyota Coralla Deluxe Rust with tan tntenar. 4 speed air, 
11,soc nu One owner, 73S1I42 u 'V o y o .a COrono"a" dr SSM or best oWor 24o-1444 

I i Toyota Corolla Whit#, no oir, damaged left side a sod good engine and tires Good buy! ItS/S 

 i t 2J*j 
74 T oyota Co 
C o ra ilu h a rd to p deluxe Auto air, A M F M tot sette Siler block vinyl tap H S M 

/ut Jurv 
711 BOMA 

A L L Typos Y o o r M odels CO R 
V C T T B I, p ric e d re a so n a b ly 
Other Sports cars coit 4o* o2*4 

I i HONDA Civic Hatchback wit! lake loan valys l l TSS txcatlont condition B ill 824 118o w ork, 
M i 3S31 hpwts 

711 IR 

 in *,n V ,n 4A°dosr ,**4 ° ns p *# ?^ 
_/I toyota Cm olla 44 SM rn. A M 
•c on am IC al AM F M clean 438*5 
IM , QI. H S M |j3 3S4> fv ss or best odor 6X4 43*I 
TS toyota Corella Deluxe, aute 
Vt MBG well cor sd i t r and with tronsm .ssian, radial tfra*, A C , low m ilage 
L o ts st e x tra s 
1*,o®'| milos, S M M best atter. mini 
(fa st____________ 
1*4o MGA. ISM Geed condition 
71 TOYOTA 4 deer, aute air, B i* 
S»W) t i l M il 
John 234 o2o1___ ______ 

MIW 1977 VOLKSWAGEN 
RABBIT *»“ 
S 
17o1 
> q p k 

* 6 
:© * 

* 3 5 7 6 ’ 7 
FULL DELIVERY PRICE! 

In dgdes: Tex, THM A Ut en se 
NO HlDDfN CHARGES— 
PIUS SAVINGS ON All 
VW' S IN Sloan 

S U B A R U 

1977 w 
(O M I 

9 
Sit ONI Ot 
THE TESTUT SI LU NG iMPOBTUI 
1977 SUBARU 
STB. MODUS SHU 
AT IC O N O * T PRK! 
*3,164”* 
HUI ISIL mu 4 UC WU 
* USED CARS * 
71 VW lug 
7 J TOYOTA Wagon 
71 VW Supor Beetle 
72 SUBAKli........ 
OUN! BUGGY....... 

 n m 
$ m s 
S i m s 
S im n m 

7 4 SUBARU 
.......... S W S 
7 J PLYMOUTH 
$169$ 
/SVW GHIA ........ $239$ 
IS VW Sop*' Nerts .. $2994 
7 5 VW (ximpti, po* log $SW S 
• 2o OTHER MODELS TO CHOOSE FROM a 

NORTH LOOP VW SU BA R U -BM W 

1 6 ^ .1 f it - d f n e k $ b u r q R d 
7 3 2 7 1V 

A ito vs from Wo-nd*‘iiu iid M u ll 

I S E L L VW S 
M odtls from i t l l . Call: Fred vosagot 424 / in ______________ 
NORTH LOOP V O L K S W A G E N 
712 /111 
4623 F R B D B R IC K IB U R G R O A D 
75 R A B B IT Custom Deluxe, air. om tm low rn I loo ge 
»23*S. 
Hum_________________________ 
ROO E A ST V W 
1442 N E LO O P 414 
434 1241 
I i Juan. ti. ehe oir^ A M FM, my porsonai car. bought new, excel- lent cdRBIttBR. 422-12*7. 

68 VW FB New aaint. m echan 
'colly reconditioned 
S*oo 
444-3S2S j 
71 VW dhia, engine and iro n s mission worronty 1)5*5-655 111! 
VW OVERHAUL $4oo S5oF 
12 Mo-IT ooh mr Warranty 
North lido Bug Ropoir. 4*4-584* 
74 VW pop toe comber, air, A M - 
F M , ie,OM m ugs, 17266 
A ls o 
; storcroft tent trailer, sleeps 8, 
SASO Trailer tits cam per, will sell together or separately 4*4 2*72 is ViAI Rabbit. K l; now. 
134-1114 do vs; S M IM S oyes 
'•> VW Hobbit 1255o or bast oiler. 
Excellent. 734 2655. 5 4 34 a rn. 
44 VW, B t bull) e n gine. (U CO miles) 
14o4 or bast otter 
Call i 
1HA-42M 
_____________ 
VW 411 Rtbuilt engine, new clatch end tires 226 368o 

■ti VW fcscenfly rtbuilt engine, clutch. 2 new tires, super clean 
I Stag 678-17*8. 
68 VW Runs good, needs some body work S4S6 711 8812 

 i t VW Scirocco "A M AIU stereo. air, tea lamps. 1647 2245 
M VW laoarebock, radio, 31 m pg 
IMO 458-o*o2 
'n V W r a T o T ^ 'il . e xc e lle n t condition Coll 824 447* 
7o iouorebock Rebuilt on glue, meet 448-12*4 
74 VW t i l siatien w agon, oir, autompne, 123*5 655 IH I 

I i VW Super, outo, air. am fm. radials, 341 113o 4*6 8642 ft VW T W lW if u J Io . stereo 
SIS*! Cat! 4*o 1123 

‘295o 

‘275o 
‘1295 
‘219o 
‘4o9o 
‘119o 
*155o 
*16oo 
‘229o 
*255o 
‘345o 
?439o 
*425o 
‘325o 

114*5 Coll 4*o 1123 
74 VW VAN, 7 passengerT out#, sir, am fm su n ro o f 
841*8 
224 *2*1, 826 o*38 a ir « v **” i *** m t j t u r t a o n t 

725 VOlVO 

74 Supsr Bootle, low m ilooet, 
AM FM, 1241o 734 4445__________ 
75 Sudor Be otto 4 sad . air load od Sunroof, m a ts 523oo 734 442* 
I E SS. 
Toke over paym ents en 
I t VW 
Bus No tautly Call «!4-o*t8 ask tgr F r- o After 7 *33-7787 
VOLKSWAGEN 
P a rSs-Ear v ica-C a r s 
-tlL lliL 
■7o VW Bud, good transportation i m i i l l l i i 
7o VW B U C , O N B O W N K R , 
? * * CALL 43S S IU . 
■ 
14 VW BUS. excellent engine 12 volt system, gaud tiros 8 to S. 
224 4851. oner $. S U M M 
Best otter 

’73 AUDI FOX 

2 Door, 4 
Sppad, Air 
•2o95 

Call: Louis Garcia 
NORTHWOOD 

P O W S C H I - A U D I 

1 3 2 6 N . I . L O O F 4 1 o 

• 3 4 - 3 3 1 4 

75 24JDL V O L V O oufo. o!r, power. 17.ooo milos, one owner, 
148*5 828 42*3 
PAft'iTTgTi' V'6L'V6-------- 
IH SCOUT D E A L E R 
112 BALCO N ES N O R T H 712 2141 
71 VO LVO H i t air lope sun root. auto. 41,ooo mites, under blue book at 14ooo 144 1145 oner S 
71 Volvo d ' ,ii basic condition 
Clean body SHOO or otter 
IS IS 
C utebra_________________________ 
7o Volvo Wagon lid , air. A M 
FM, luggage rock, new tires E x cattan! S»o8 4*11*44 
‘V l Volvo W agon G o o d con d 
521 OC or bell otter wk do vs att I, anytime wkends S U 818o 
■ F T V B L V A 'V X A Q n A utom ef(cl air Low milos Below Blae Book 

Iii NISCFLLANTOUS EU IQS 
Trm nrmTazrrTm 
78 M A V ER IC K . 4 std ...... S**5 i 7o OLDS 4 door 
.......... SoV5 
4* IM PA LA 4 door .......... 88*8. 
47 CUTLASS, loaded ....... $8*5 
71 A M BASSADO R 4 std 
U tS 
4* CH EVY (body work) 
SJ»5 
S M IT H 'S U s e d C a r s 
7oS s ALAM O 
236 o144 

 t i n AA n u A r n <d*ar, txtra cMon. gowor. Mr, 
O Y m O N A L U vtnyl roof RAS $149$ ROW . 
'73 CATALINA 
. 

7 6 ASPIN 
'7o FURY IN vinyi roof. xrhitoxraMsJiko. . . . . . 
I v a f i n a m * door, outomatK. poorer steering, 
73 BELAIR fodto, Heater, ahitexrolh, redared .. 
* n o n Cxilaxie SOO 4 door, power, air, ort tx 
/ I rU K U tros Sharp ....................... y a w rs a D Y ^ * f1' **"• '. ok. vinyl roof, imoll YI 
7 J DAK I xrhitewolh.................... 
I T O EA A a n i IIC * 6»ot. fu» power, on, oil ex 
/ J m A K U U l J tros, vinyl roof Was $3395 ... iw k m n m Kegal Coupe, oil extras Power, oh, 
74 BUICK vinyl root Shorp...................... 

I 9 C r U A D r C D f#* ,r' o,f- 
*,nYl 
7 J C H A K U C K roof. original and (leon....... 
. . . n , 
Century Undou hardtop, power, ok, 
75 BUICK vinyl roof ROW ...................... l e i U C l A J D n D T Ho,d,°P' control, vinyl 
74 N L W r U K l roof, power, OK tool (loon.. 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY tv I NIN O i 227-2283 

1975 Executive 
GRANADA GHIA 
Fully (quipped including A M -F M otwrwo, vin yl top. 
Wholesale Price 

* 3 2 7 5 

Call Vinca Fusco 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Ext. IO O 
From 9:oo A.M . to 3:oo P.M. 

CLEAN USED CARS 
PRICED TO SELL! 

•TO MAVIRtCK 

 t'OUUhui" vwnud'vry law n, m 
TNI Wheel, Spirt Seoti Slereo, I 
Crane Control. I S.OOO M4e$ 
■ 

PO CHIVY Wage*. 

■TO CUTLAM HI, 

D 

$1o9$ 

 st r n 

$179$ 

$149$ 
113 FINTO ti— ay . S IM S 
•71 SKYLARK, MMM $119$ 
’Ft CHRY SUR ImSM $129$ 
TO I LOO* ADO 
WMH ............. $239$ 
'71 ITO, twwdad 
. 
$179$ 
KINNEY MOTORS 
3921 ItOAOWAY 124 2211 

*5695 ill: louis Gar* 
C a ll: lo u is GarciaH 
NORTHWOOD I 
FOH S C H I-A U D I 
I 
I 1336 N E LOOF 41o A 

I i MUSTANG G H IA 3o2 V I 
72 BUICK LtSobrg, 2-dr hardtop 

 i "m * T a P R I 2 dr cou gt. rebuilt engine new paint 
Con fad Mr Wagoner, S S I BJ* I 
RAN D O LPH BR O O K S 
C R E D IT 
UN IO N ti VW im , T T T ffU S X T " s in 
418415*, SIA 7oo4 

Fleet io u * w a n t ao in tnt tartans Ntvvs 
CAH i n togo 

;?t wiscttuwtaug Aunts 
J u f f v t T r ™ Ti 
I 
NEW YORKER 
I 
6 
-k- f .MalaUli I rn.A rn. A 
I 
I 
II ..... 

 j U L M 
_____________________ 

'I t Gremlin Stand V-4. A M P M j A lf * 2* * S 451 o * oo s i Boihbler American New Urgs, os IS S H S Call 344-6S34 
‘4$ lA A A iL t f l? I'-diaoa h a rriio p n 
’ Stjnddrd 226 o1*1 

Excotlenl condition call Rick ar 
I Stggg, 34 l l* 31___________ 
IY H Sporiabout Wagon. 

 r n 

 tow miles si gee t i t u n 

H L U U i i i b 6 » B.ouahom t pass wogon, completely leaded with crutsam atic, law tnt real dean UTR 34* *441 a y s l l A M I Mjtodar, arigtnol owner, loaded S H M 732 4o24 l l 6 6 # N IL IM 'a,' oulo air. real met S U M 144 172* 
, -“ Y n i ri 'w iT N H A Y ctifcAeif ■ i 
L O A D E D ........................ S J I*! 
TOM B EN SO N IM P O R T S 
TSM SAN P E D R O 
341 IJS* 

 tros, tap condition 344 *6*4______ 

732 BUICK 
_______ 

T j T R r c r T s n T g M a n T a a R g T V T autom atic, paw er, lactary air, chromo wheels, law mileage Like new l l license S34fS Will trade 
93J.2M3 

 l l buick Electra Lim ited with 
• very pawer option, an* awner. t i m 
734 3574 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743AUTOMOBILES San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Saturday March I 9 I 9 7 7 

B i l M i f o r f o r 
A 

197 J lORVETTES ji 
IN STOCK 
IM M EDIATE/ 
DELIVERY*. 

IST 
SALE FOR 7 7 
1 9 7 7 E X E C U T IV E S 
A N D DEMOS 
O N SALE 
LARGE 
DISCOUNT 

1977 CHEVELLE 

4-DOOR SIDAN 
$4395 

E.P.A. 17 M.P.G. CITY 
22 M.P.G. H IG H W A Y 
1977 

Tinted Glass, 25o L-6 engine, turbo hydra transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, F-78 by 15 whitewall radial tires, exterior decor package vinyl bench seat. Stock nos. 1577, 1617, 1321, 148o. 

2-DOOR COUPE 

Tinted 
Glass, 
2 5 o 
L-6 engine, turbo hydra transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, F-78 by 
15 whitewall radials, windshield antenna, exterior decor package. Stock nos. 15o6, 1527, 
1613. 

SPECIAL OF THE W EEK 
75 VEGA S&S&aSWIS! 4 ‘1995 

 i m m P 4 k 9} PL autom atic, air conditioned, pow er steering, J / | / [ p C 
7 3 r v s f P stock #863i a ............................... 

£ 
A 
B lI 
75 DATSUN . g t o c k # 7 7 6 o A 
. . . 
$3295 

LET MR. GOODWRINCH ALIGN 
YOUR CAR'S FRONT IND 
FRONT END 
ALIGNMENT 
$6.95 

CHEVROLET CARS OHLY 

OFFER E X P IR E S M A R C H 31 

TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 
I 
T V C P U I f L f D A I E T C h e y e n n e Pickup, auto m a tic , air 
I 
I m 
VNBVKvLKI c o n d i t i o n e d , p o w e r s t e e r i n g , s t o c k 
I Replace points, plucks, set timing 
■--------------- 
#8838A at ai T ^ | ancj a(jjust carburetor, G M cars 

 only. Reg. $ 3 9 .9 5 
’76 BLAZER u:mi':*6695 

'74 CHEVY 
V o n N ton Pickup, V8, standard, stock #P11 .. 
S T v *29.95 

I 9 ^ 5 ) C 
H 
E W 
Van rn 384 V 8 *,andord' air' 
* 4 5 9 5 I 
OFFER E X P IR E S M A R C H 31 

’74 BLAZER p o w * * i ( t * r l n | , M I S S ? \ 
.......... 
*4695 

/ ■ J # *1 1 E l l D A I E T 
C a m in o Sup er Sport autom atic, 
V l l B Y K v L B I air c o n d itio n e d , p o w e r ste e rin g , J stock # 1 3 4 7 A ............ 
...... 

B R A 
T 
K 
B 
3 - w h e e l d r i v e , e w t e m e t U , e i r , O 

A r n # 
D 
L 
A 
A i K 
B 
P « w e r • t e e r l n f , 
S 
I S 
‘3795 

WtStick 

*4195 

I 

 i m I| P l A j| E S I M A v ® a u t o m a tic , a ir c o n d itio n e d , « 9 Q f i C 
I 
1 4 
B L V A m l r l V pow er steering, stock # 1 2 4 9 A .... t l O 
T 
J 
J 

 f’76 CHEVY i i d r 9 . L W 
B . i t a n d a r d : a i r : 
" o c k 
J4695 I 

I 

 i m ML P U C H D H I E T Scotsdale N-ton IW B. V 8 autom at- $ C * ) C I C I 
I O 
% n B w 
N v B B I ic, air conditioned, stock #P 27 .... 
V W 
P W 
I 

 l e i 
E 
H 
D 
D 
V a n < v i i o m i i e 6 s t a n d a r d 

# T r 
V 
M 
I r a i r c o n d i t i o n e d s t o c k # M 
3 9 A 
*4195 
$4 1 9 5 
E.P.A. 18 M.P.G. CITY 
23 M.P.G. H IG H W A Y 
AN CIRA WINTON “B® 

19o1 Broadway 

UNDERCOAT 
SPECIAL 
*21.95 

For all M in i-C a rs 

Other C a rs 

 slightly higher 

OFFER EXPIRES M ARCH 31 

BUY, RENT 
OR LEASE 

1 9 o 1 
BROADWAY 
2 2 4 - 5 5 1 6 

N. FLORES AT 
MARTIN 
2 2 5 - 5 3 3 3 

733 CADILLAC 

H E 

1977 GRAND PRIX 
Extravaganza 

— 
— — 
1977 FIREBIRD 
Extravaganza 

X 

47 TO CHOOSE FROM 
Starting 
At 

More Expensive Models Available 
11 TO CHOOSE FROM loaded-Pow er and air 

S t a r t in g 
£ 
A t 

1977 CATALINA I 
Extravaganza | 
4-Door Sedan 
11 To Choose From || 
All Power and Air 
$5495 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo San Pedro 
736-1561 

NORTH 
Ia 
Dependable 
STAR 
Dependable 

USED CARS 
SPECIALS 
USED CARS 

• 7 a n n n r c c#to 
1 
* * * 
‘ T 
- 
,# 4 ,# i 
4 
74 D U U u t speed, buckets « TW JOB ........ 

, - r . 
Gramlm 2 dear, radio, standard, air 
I J A m t coa*tiea, 2 1,o o o miles. J?4o4A ...... 

' 7 * 2 H I r>C N,n* tT f,9ht IS 2 dear hardtop, AM 
/ 4 U L U ) IM star aa, automatic, pawer, air, power win dews, pawer seats, vinyl reef. 
» N 9 S S A ............. ........................ 

• t a n n n rc h r t t t 4 * * * ' ■ 1 ,5 4 «»H«der, 
/ 4 U U U u t reds*, eutoHiatk, pawer, air taa- ditioH, vinyl reel, 9 POS IA .......................... 

 t r u n / y *Yi ton pickup, 
IWB, Custom 
/ 4 V A L V T Deluxe radio, automatic, power, air, tilt wheal e 8o71A ............................... 

I . — l n 
D n tc a a a k n e w in d o w v a n , A c y lin d e r, 
o / r U 
K 
U s ta n d a r d w aortae e m p a n a la d , c u r­ ta in s , m a g w h e a ls 
U £ 4 9 J I 
.................................. 

 i v r r m n r r Coronal Custom station wagon, 

 t o D o u b t AM IM siarta, aulamotic, paw ar, air, tech, cr visa central, 2 1,o o o miles. 
» « 9 I 4 L ........................................ 

 t — m n , n r Cutlass Supreme 2 dear hardtop, 
/ 5 ULU) AM TM staraa B track, automatic, pawer mr, tilt wheel buckets, console, vinyl root, 13,o oo mile* cr Bl AIB....................... 

*1825 

*2195 

*2695 

*2995 

*3295 

* 695 

*3895 

*4395 

1975 CHRYSLER 

Cordoba, automatic, radio, 

 heater, oir conditioned. Like 

 new. 
*4895 
O.R. MITCHELL 
Chry tier/Plymouth 

28oo Broadway 
822 3341 

732 BUICX_______ 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 San Pedro 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 7 

'A l B U I C K E L E C T R A , A d o o r , g o o d c o n d itio n , t w o 1 1 1 i n s 

73 B u ic k E l e c t r a , I o w n e r , 4 < 1u » r, w h ite v in y l in te r io r , f u l ly lo a d e d w ith c r u is e c o n tr o l, t ilt s t e e r in g w h e e l , s t e r e o , a ll p o w e r , n o w tire s *33oo 1 4 1 -71 o 1 o r 494 7666 

' N b u ic k E l e c t r a L i m i t e d 
L o a d c d t u s o see t j i s 

I T 
B u ic k e le c t r o 
J J S d o s to r o a d o n 
V e r y c le a n 
A i l c o t t o n * i n c lu d in g lif t , c r u is e , w i n d o w s , s e a t 
A n d s te re o 
M u s t liq u id a te 
M a k e o tte r O S I AAI________________ 

73 B u ic k E l e c t r a , I o w n e r , v e r y n ic e A s k in g 32293 A n y o t t e r c o n s id e re d AAA SOA? 

 b u ic k L e S a b r e 
67 
A i r , p o w e r ’! 
V A , c le a n D o v e : / I A I A ) 

 u b o i c t e e n to p c o n d . u , . . lo a d e d 5 4)73 i i i A lee 

— 
T o ' i u t 'c k T t T v i g d A ss so— t i t ASAI 

1473 B u ic k R iv ie r a b u c k e t s e a ls , p o w e r w in d o w s , A M P M s t e r e o , n e w tire s *3ooo 3 17 5763 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
IS PROUD TO 
A N N O U N C E 

THAT 
Bob 
"Rusty’’ 
Greer of Poteet ho* been appointed the 
U»ed Car Manager of 
North 
Star 
Dodge. 
Greer it well known to 
H i 
San 
Antonian* and 
South Texan* for his rn excellent ability and knowledge of the used cor business. 
Greer said he looks forward to seeing his old friends as well as meeting new ones. 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 SA N PEDRO 
341 -2251 

1972 DODGE 

AM H i. UW M cbmMbI, 

 m BaV I. (WWW M DH, 
‘ 1 5 9 5 

77 CADILLAC 
LIMOUSIN!, Mug, btu*, btu# 

DISCOUNT: $3,ooo 
UST: ‘19,9oo 

77 MARK V whitg, whit*. rgU-rgd carpal. 
DISCOUNT: $2,ooo 
UST: ‘14,376 

76 CADILLAC 
HffTWOOO TAULMAN Astro foal, chroma w in wk aals, 
11 .OOO milos, immoculult 
*12,75o 

76 FORD 
GOOD TIM!! VAN, loo dad 
SPECIAL PRICE 
*6875 
'67 MUSTANG 
CONViRTIBU V-B, automatic, pawar, air, rad, whit* tap, o rig in a l im m a cu la te !! 
*3,ooo 

1975 BRONCO 
V-B, outomotK, pawar, mr. 
19,ooo mr la J 
*4,975 

GEORGE HUGHES 
MOTORS 
6226 SAN PEDRO 
344-o138 

AA C a d i l l a c , a d r S e d a n 
R u n s g o o d , n e w r a d ia l lir a s A IA 17 79 

75 C a d illa c t i D t u o d o ikO O O . ex c e d e n t c o n d itio n , s ilv e r o n s ilv e r , 
7 )5 3 o 7} a r 923 44o3 

7 ) C a d illa c F le e t w o o d B r o u g h ­ a m 53o9o 734 4333, 9 to 5_________ 

63 C A b i L i - A d , g r e a t c o n d it io n lu r 5 *73 776 7 9 )7 6 3 ) 3473_________ 

16 7 5 C a d i l l a c " l i k e n e w , lo w m ile a g e S78oU 437 4313___________ 

75 CADILLAC SEO Deville 
L i k e N e w , w a r r a n t y . T A 8 -o I9 7 

?» C u d illo c C e ila n S e v ille 
L o u d e d W h ite to p 7 2 ) )? « A 

7 7 C a d i ll a c S e d a n D e v i l l e 
B i o w n e r , e x c e p t i o n a l l y c le a n lo a d e d 
*2 7 o o 
826 1o21 
I 278 H A I o r 

4 
O.R. MITCHELL 
* 
Chryslar/Plymoufh 
J 
78oo headway 
127 3141 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

732 BUICK____________ 

IO B U IC K L E S A B R E , loaded, 
3734 692 1791 
75 Estote Wagon, Loaded Good 

73 C a d i ll a c L e d u n D e v i l l e t i c e d e n t c o n d *7 1 o o 454 o932 
— 
76 to bin b-rvfin— 
H A Q Q C A L L 
M A 4 2 )7 

73 C o u p e 6 e V ille 
T o o m a n y e x 
I r a * to m e n t i o n I 4 1 ,o o o m ile s 
*4 IO O E x t r a c le a n 1 7)3 o583 

74 C O U P E D E V I L L E 
Loaded, I owner, low mi 826 48o8 

732 BUICK 
732 BUICK 

B u ic k S k y h o w k 
/A E v e r y o p tio n 
G r e a t g a s m i l e a g e , d r i v e to a p p r e d a t e 1 342 979 2 

73 B U I C K L k Y h A W K u n a m t m , V A . p o w e r , A s p e e d 
8 ) 1 o o 
G r e a t C o d e g e c a r . 49 4-29 41 A ta 
1o p m 

7 4 B u ic k R i v i e r a L o a a e a E x c e l ­ le n t c o n d 
I o w n e r S iA O O 
B e n 
■tome l l , 734 4 )1 ) 
433 31o4 

7 1 B u ic k S k v l o r V 'i d o o r 
G r e a t c o n d itio n 
L o w m ile a g e 
A i r , n e w b a t t e r y 
N e w r a a i a i t i r e s n u t ­ t ie r . S t 5oo 654 7o49 o tt e r 5 p m 

 condition 53ooo 454 413o 

'N ' R e g a l V I ," l o a d e d , l l OOO m i 
347oo 824 792o, 433 /977 __________ 
74 R I V l t P A Astro r o o f L o a d e d ' 
828 6)33 Offer 7 696 o3o3 
68 R I V I E R A , fu lly e q u ip p e d 
A ir c o n d itio n e d 92) 3o26 
7) s k V T A I S 
I ' x ' i l L l t U T 
C O N D IT IO N SI BVS 824 1336 

733 CADI! LAC_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

73 C A D 
< 1 6 * 
D E V I L L E C ru ise c o n tr o l, e m tm s te r e o , ta p e d e c k . tilt w n e e l, 4o-4o s e a ts a d power, v e l o u r i n t e r i o r , v i n y l t o p . new 
I r a d ia ls , e l d i m m a c u l a t e ! M u s t s e ll! *595o 8)4 6748 

T i F A B T C l I f £ o u p e D e v i l l e 
F u l l y e q u ip p e d lik e n e w c o n d i lio n A t r u ly b e a u t ifu l c a r , la s e e , c o d 492 2332 
_____________ 
74 Cadillac d ouce b e V ille Laud c d . very clean 
S/73o 
12 8 -4 2 3 8 , 

77 COUPE DEVILLE 
O n l y ),o o o m i a d l u x u r i o u s a p p o in t m e n t s , 733 oo 74 
_____ 

77 ELDORADO 
D O O m i 
3 m a . a id 
*1 1 ,3 o o f i r m , 
349 8327 

L i r o o i v ' n m t r i w c v — 
B i o u g h o m a e l e g a n c e 4 d r a ll e q u ip 
227 9 ib 8 . 826 6664___________ 

RIATA CADILLAC l l / L E X I N G T O N 
226 72 2 ) 

734 M E W L E I 

T ^ p i u T e r ! T o a i T » 7 ^ r T n e v e ^ M t i m g , low m i *3 ,( o o 633-2643 
6 y <*> UU lie r 
VT C a m a r a , b e a u tifu l metallic aqua, A M E M r q d to , OU t o . a i r . p o w e r 
M u s t s e l l w if e p ie g n o n t 433 8 19 7 

B y u w n e r , 
74 d a p n c e 'c t o s i l c . 
4 d o o r , 4o o e n g in e p o w e r , till s t e e r in g , c r u is e , a n . R o d iu l t ir e s , ve ry clean. *3 ,9 3 o 4 9 4 7 1 4 3 

*4295 

*5495 

A IE M IE R S 
“ SPECIALS” 

'73 FORD 
’3495 

■yrs A l es A toronaUa Custom Coupe, fakery Bit, 
%i%q q c 

7 3 
O LD S ail pawer and extras. Special.............. a O t j 

• T C A i n e loronaUa Coapt, tacfaiy air, ail pawer 
S C A. O r 
75 OLDS and eitras. Special............................ 

— . / i i p i / u Monte Cnrla Coupe, I actory air, ail S C O Q C 
76 CHEVY pawer and extras, only 1o,ooo miles . . 5 2 9 5 e n a i 
Delta SB Holiday Sedan, factory air, MI 
S O C O C 
7 3 O L D S pawer and extras, vinyl tap, clean 
M O 7 J 

 w a a i n e f “ »ta s * 
4 * » « * . s o o o c 
7 4 U L U S pawer and extras, dean .................... J O T J 

 i i t m u / 1!/ r *9°i C®UP*, factory mr, all power and 
75 BUICK extrns Wa. I 4 BBS Now ................ 

Supe and e 
. . . ^ 2 9 5 

‘2795 

*5695 

*3695 

*3795 

*4295 

*4995 

12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OE OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 
‘‘C O N FID EN C E IS CA V E N D E R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

 r u n e Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory oir, all 

I O 
U L D S pawer end extras, stereo, cruise, mops 

I T C A i n e Cutlass Supreme Coupe, foctory oir, all 
I J 
U L U S p a w e r a n a e x tr a s . Special . . . . : ............................. 

IW X B A R I T ! B f 
Coupe, 4 -cylinder, stoa- 
J O 
P O 
N 
T I A C dard, I -awner, eripmnl, dean . . .. 

 i f / r u n v r i r n Cordoba, factory err, oil power 
76 CHRYSLER and exlres, 13,o oo mites 
....... 

I T C C U C W 
Chmeic statsen a agon, foctory 
7 5 C 
H 
I V mr, (Ut power and extras.................... 

I T B A l A C Custom Cruiser stetion wagon, factory 
/ 4 U L U S mr, ail power end eitras, roof rock 

I T C C A B A Custom, '/i ton Rick up, camper, factory 
/ 5 r U 
K 
U m r , ail power a n d e x tr a s , s p e c ia l.................. 

• T i. A i n t 
Cutlass 4 4 J Coupe, lodoiy air, all 
7 o U L U S p o w e r a n d extras 
........ 

’72 COUGAR kutomatic, An, Power, 
I Stereo. 
*2495 m Call: Ron W alker 

I N O R T H W O O D 
I 
POR SCHE-AUDI 
1 3 2 6 N .I. L O O P 4 1 o 
8 2 4 -3 2 1 4 

734 CHEVROIEI 

IIII 
II 

 s r l u m u i o , r v u , x x / , a u t o , a . - , p o w e r , n e w s te e l b e lt s . I o w n e r , to o c o n d itio n 
494 3644 

67 C o m o r o l i V , 3 » p i f “ n e e d s b o d y w o rk 
B e s t o tte r 
684 2oo3 

69 C o m o r o s i, V S , 3 975 " i Y l f i i i . a rte r I p m 922 (9 1 1 

69 C h e v e n * 35o 
4 s p e e d / ' i c ie", p o w e r d is c b r a k e s 
B lu e , c k v i n y l t o p 
C r o e g e r w i t , r a d ia ls 51ooo 655 1436 e l s . 

7 1 C h e v r o l e t I m p a l a C u s t o m c o u p e , V 8 , a u t o m a t i c , p o w e r , r o c to r v a ir , lik e n e w 7 7 lic e n s e ti6 9 5 W ill t r o d e 9 2 ) 2983___________ 
« l C h e v r o l e t M a l i b u V I , o u to r iia tic p o w e r t a c f e r y a i r , e x ­ c e lle n t c o n d itio n l f lic e n s e 
*8 9 3 
W ill tr a d e 923 2813__________________ 

64 C h e v y B t l A ir 
J d o o r s td 
6. r u n s g o o d 1 
2o m p g o r b e t t e r . 
R a d i o , h e a t e r , a i r , c h r o m e 
* H eels 
C le a n b o d y 
S45o f i r m . 
3 3 ) 7 1 )2 

S? I k e v y B e l A i r 
D r i v e n d a ily 
3336 C o lt 
661 2986 
__________ 

66 C h e v y C a p r i c e 
^ 2 7 e n g in e ! r u n t w e ll 34oo 826 /1o 6 

 i f C h e v y ll 7 d r , s t a n d a r d 6 , 
*4 4 4 * 3 ) 3622 
65 C h e v y I m p a l a 
4 -" d o o r , 1 2 / e n g , a u to 
G o o d c o n d ito n 
*393 
6/3 2389 
____________ 

67 ^ k e v y Im p o lu 2 1 1 e n g , n e e d s 

734 CHEVROUT 

C o m o r o 69 3 2 7, a u to 
C le o n *1 2 9 5 7 ) 2 2678 

19 /3 C A M A R O tu tiy lo a d e d l i k e n e w 826 9365, 696 8o56 

73 C o m o r o 
C o o r ie d lo w m ilt s 
E x c e l l e n t 
*4 1 o o o r m a k e o ffe r 
M u s t r e a v e to w n 4 3 * /sos 
7 s' ? A m X r'5’ L’F lik rT ie * ---- 
7267 W U R i B A C M 
699 1 ) 3 ) 

76 C A M A R O I T lo a d e d w ill h e lp fin a n c e , m u s t s e ll n o w , c o ll D i i k , 
4 3 3 1 4 6 4 

O.R. MITCHELL 
Chrysier/Plymouth l 
28oo Irocdwoy l?2 SMI a 

 m in o r r e p o ir s *2 2 o 226 686o 

 i i I h e v v im p a la 4 M r, A *,6 to im 
L o a d e d 
E x c e l l e n t c o n d 
M u s t s e tt! *1 8 o o * 32 869) 

197® (th e v y im p a lo C u s t o m I d o o r h g r a to p 826 9 *6 3 696 8o36 
I V N C h e v y 
( m o o l a 
C u 't f o m 
Loaded 
I o w n e r 
826 9 3 6 $ ,, 
696 8o36 
V T C H t.~ ~ V 
I M P A L A 2 d o o r . 
L e a d e d 
L i k e n e w 
T o k e u p payments Must ask lot Don 
Maili, 22S-4SoI 

7 2 C h e v y im p a la 
E x c e l ie n f c o n a itio n S K O P 684 o495 

1 9 7 5 { b e v y M a lth a C la s s ic 4 d o o r ) hi O d e n 826 9363, 496 8o36_________ 

1 93 C h t v v M a l i b u o n e o w n e r 
I on de ti 8 74 9363 496 8o34 

74 C M E V V M o u lt ( a r lo '.'lik e n e w ' m u s t sell to d a y , w ilt h e lp fin a n c e , 
D ir k 
433 )464_________ 

 l f / ) C h e v y M a m a 4 I *1 
4 tu e e H a ir c o n d 824 9565 496 8oS6 

Page 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Saturday March 19 1 9 7 7 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMBBIIES 
73o 743 MITOMQBIIES 
73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73(V743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

USED CAR AND TRUCK SALE 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

W H E N Y O U P U R C H A S E A N Y U S E D 

C A R O R T R U C K IN S T O C K 

UP TO s5oo.oo REBATE 
ON THESE 
SELECTED UNITS 

’7 4 M O N T E C A R L O 
’7 o G R A N D P R IX p o w e r w in d o w s . S to c k # 1 9 4 1 

THESE PRICES G O O D M A RCH I 7TH THRU 21 ST 

Blu e , lo a d e d , v in y l fo p , r a d ia l 
C A C 
♦ires. S t o t k # I 8 3 6 
................................................................. *$ J V J 
_______ _______ *1695 m.M 
C U . 
I 
I 
I u |«u | 
A AA / C M r r u l t n r n n t ir n l 
’72 D O D G E 
’73 R O Y A L E O L D S 
’75 G R A N T O R IN O 
’73 P L Y M O U T H 
’7o M A L IB U 

, ^ < 1 l % 
A 
E S 
T r 
D 
B r o w n , 6 - c y l i n d e r , l o a d e d , e x t r a s h a r p 

M o n a c o , w h ite , lo a d e d , v in y l to p , A M / F M , c ru ise co n tro l. p o w e r w in d o w s . S to c k # 1 7 5 o A 
........................................ 
G re e n , lo a d e d , lo w m ile s, e x t r a cle an . 
Sto ck # 1 8 6 6 ...................................................... 
C o u p e , g r e e n , lo a d e d , w e ll c o re d fo r. 
S to c k # 1 7 9 9 
.................................................. 
S e b r in g P lu s C o u p e , b r o w n , lo a d e d , v in y l to p , n e w tire s. S to c k # 1 9 o 1 .......................... 
C o u p e , g re e n , lo a d e d , v in y l to p , n e e d s a n o w n e r. S to c k # I 9 8 6 

S to c k # 1 9 9 4 
9 - p a s s e n g e r w a g o n , b lu e , lo a d e d . 
’7 3 D A R T C P 
’7 4 C O R O N E T lu g g a g e ra c k . S to c k # 1 9 2 3 
.......................................... 
’7 6 M O N A R C H C P 
A m T f M ' s t e r e o ' S t o c k * # I 9 ^ 5 
........................ 

. — 
. 
. m 
C o u p e , b r o w n , l o a d e d , v i n y l t o p , 
73 ’IM PA LA w ire w h e e l c o v e rs. S to c k # 2 o 1 3 ...................................... 
■ m m a m m i 
& * 
Blue, lo a d e d , s u p e r c u sto m p a c k a g e , 
’7 4 G M C Y 
I T O N ca ttle g u a r d . S to c k # o 8 8 1 
................ ■ • • • • • • 
’7 4 IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R A V E L A L L #*1673' IOOtl,|d .St<>< . 
’7 4 C H E V R O L E T V i T O N h e a te r . Sto c k #19o6 . . . . ...... 
’71 F O R D V a T O N 
AM> 1,ep'idc 

$1695 
*2695 
*3495 
*2495 
*1595 
*2395 
*2895 
*5195 
*2295 
*3695 
*2995 
*1995 
*1595 

/ • e x 
S ' n I t i n n m 
V 
Gnomon brown white vinyl rod. natural Ion 
74 GRAND PRIX 
*335o with trim rings, power and Off sHorp looking' STK NO 4-461, WAS >4795 Now 
W 
M n A L I T I A r Cololmo 4 door burgandy m*lo«K buigondy vinyl inlsrror. 
74 PONTIAC doe! belted -o*o1 tv « boJv .de nroWmg. D Jm wheel cav 
, en Inkhorn! romotn control mirror alt power and o.periwt family sedan STK NO 
I O O O O 
7 7S4 WAS S 2 W Now 
1 
. s n i s i n n n i v 
Mod*1 $ J Gunmetal nlvermelolltr, biorli h londou 
74 G R A N D PKI A vinyl roof oW block vinyl, bucket reel mine conv)!*. body tide molding* Bailey wheels with trim rings-Am Tm .ferae, Uhrteerma.6 wav 
^ower teat. power windows, power and on pretty cor STK NO *1 7 1 -* WAS 1 ^ 6 8 8 | 

A A A coal block with black all vinyl bucket seal interior ond Hoar 
7 5 G R A N D A r V l shift, autamatK. console AM FM stereo-all instruments- lowered leo- quarter windews-oH power, aw Mag wheels with trim rmgvsport with S 'l Q Q Q I doss STK NO * o3o WAS $4o95 Now 
J T Q Q 1 

. . . 
P l i n A r n I 4-door station wagon, medium brawn metallic with natural ton 
76 JUD AKU oH Vinyl interior outamotK, power steering 4-cylmder engine loc- tory ow radii steel belted tees ( o lio - only 9 OOO miles. This tor is immaculate STK 
S O I O D 
I 
NO 9-142 WAS $3995 Now 
J I O O | 

, 
, 
. 
o 
. 
1 
. i m n m V 
A e o lin e green metgHic. I n M groan Ik lo n d o u vinyl roof 
75GRAND PRIX lig h t groan all v in y l b ucket soot interior, console H o n e y 
I 
Camh Mn a w h # « U $tt#l belted Radiol 
A M F M tffroo. tilt w h «# l cruise a w i t w , | 4 C A C 
1 
^ U V b *O u tt4 u l cor ST K N O 1 o -9 7 3 W A S $ 5 3 9 5 N o w 
’ 4 
5 
Y 
D 

,a > a n / s s i e i 
A f 
Le m o n s 4 -d o o r, copper m etoWw to n interior, oil vm y l d e ju ie 
. 
74 PONTI Av. w h e e l covers, p o w e r ste e rm g , o u to m o tx V 4 , fo c to ry ow b o d y 
■ 

 side m o ld in g s I H , ro m e te control m w ror. g o o d ru n n in g , ge e d lookin g fa m ily cor 
S O C O O 

Stock N o 5 -5 3 6 -8 W A S $ 3 J 9 S n o w 
4 J O 
O 
I 

/ - w e vs I W 
A V 
Electro I J S C u s to m I d o o . h o -d to p m a n e y e llo w b o d y , w h ite vin yl 
I 
7 4 B U I C K ro of o n d b eig e fu ll vin y l interior steel b e lte d te e s , CW IS com p letely 
J | > 
/ C 
A I 
1 H 
“ d e d u ood i 
X 
I w 
U n a c o . Stock N o 
1 o -9 9 * W A S $ 4 2 9 5 N O W 
J o 
3 
U 

<4888 

7 5 PONTIAC S S K or 
A M F M stereo steel b elte d 

C o lo lm o 3-sonter S ta tio n W a g o n s n o w w h ite , w o o d gro in side lu g g a g e rock chocolate b ro w n oM vin yl interi- w h ite sid e w alls, lu xu ry w h e e l covers p ow e r chrom e h rad ia l 
„ oils, IU lu c y door locks tilt steerin g & cruise control d ig ita l d oc k, le ft horn ) re m o te conttol m wrai 
| ow on ly 23 O O O m iles perfect cor lo t this spring Stock N o 
1 1 - 1 o 2 1 
$ 4 2 8 8 1 p o w e r foeti 
W a s $ 4 7 9 d o ry c 
5 N o n 

IN C O M E T A X R E F U N D T R A N S P O R T A T IO N S P E C IA L S ] 
THESE UNITS SOLD AS IS AT THESE SUPER LOW PRICES 

 m 
^ \ n 
/ - r 
D o n S w in g e r 2 d oor h o rd to p b rig h t blu e m e lo d ic, block tony! roo! 
73 DODGE o n d oil vin y l block inter mr d e lu re w h e e l covers, sm oll V * m etor. fo d o r v ow b o d y side m o ld in g s , p o w e r steerin g o u to m o tw . o n ly 3 4 O O O m iles, sporty 
4 r r o n o m ,r T \ .o r k N e 
1 1 T o 7 5 W A S $ 2 4 9 ? N O W 
1995 

7 2 P IN T O I T 
* 
! 
® 
? 
'....... * 9 9 5 

7 2 O L D S 
K T * # I S M ................................ ‘ 1 4 9 5 
________ 
^cylinder, aulomatic tron»mi»»ron, 
. , _ _ r 
7 1 N O V A r«Lio stock # L U S A .......................* 1 2 9 5 
. . . 
. . . . . 
1ooSI, automatic transmission, radio, 
_ 
71 A U D I arr conditioned Stock # I S S 9 .............‘ 1 2 9 5 

7 2 V W 
....................................* 9 9 5 
L o n d p d 
7 1 M U S T A N G stock #2o26 .................................‘ 1 2 9 5 
. . . . . . 
Automatic transmission, radio, air 
. . . _ _ 
6 8 B U A IR conditioned Stock # 2 o 1 8 ............. ‘ I 1 9 5 

’6 4 IM P A L A S f t m w 
...........................‘ 4 9 5 

. . - . . . . . . 
A u t o m a t i c t r a n s m i s s i o n , r o d i o . o i r 
, l n o c 
6 9 N O V A c o n d i t i o n e d . S to c k # 1 6 2 5 8 ...............................................* 1 o 9 5 

6 9 IM P A L A S f # i 9 6 5 A ...........................* 5 9 5 

’6 8 A M C 
M 
S i o T * * - ............................ ' 9 9 5 
Ifti u U il 
’6 5 O L D S 8 8 stock # i « 3 2 * ..................................* 6 9 5 

•67 C A M A R O i S f t W f f * : ......................’ 1 o 9 5 

■69 C A P R IC E S 
T 
. S 
T 
.......................... * 6 9 5 
Automatic transmission, radio, air 
. , 
_ 
71 T O Y O T A conditionod. Stock # 2 o 1 1 . . . 
1 o 9 5 
Loa d a d 
’6 6 C O R O N E T stock # 2 o 1 6 .................................* 9 9 5 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 B R O A D W A Y 
227-5o41 
• 
• 
92o B R O A D W A Y 
O PEN EV EN IN G S 

M E W 
B L E T 
LOOP 41o A SAN PEDRO 

"A COM PlfTt AUTOM OTIVf W O H L 

341-3314 

NEW '77 DODGE 
ASPEN 
2 -D O O R 
C O U P E 

Equipped with Radio, Economical 
6 Cylinder Engine, Wheel Covers, 
Whitewall Tires, Vinyl Bodyside 
Moldings. 
Two to Choose From— Stk.#264 & 265 
SALE 
PRICE 

 rrom— oiK.ffzo** et zc 

* 3 9 9 5 
DELIVERED IN 
SAN ANTONIO 
O.R. MITCHELL 
DODGE 
1 1 3 o B R O A D W A Y 
2 27 -2 28 1 
EVENINGS 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo Ml./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

 t 
74 PINTO 

* 
S T A T IO N W A G O N 
J Autom atic, 
A rr, 
3 o ,o o o 
■P (M iles, lu g g a g e Rock 
: 
*2495 
* Coll: Ron W alker 
J NORTHWOOD 
; PORSCHE-AU DI 
I 1326 N.I. LOOP 41o 
J 
824-3214 g. 

* * + i t i t -Ar A A * 
★ A * * 
* 

737Tffi"C _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

^ 7 6 f ORD ITO 
- 

I 

I 

I 

IL 

PAYMENTS 

ANO ASSUME 
BALANCE 

1 9 7 2 C H R Y SL E R 

 loon 
A 
Country wagon, outomotw. radio, heater aw conditioned, (leon 
*1 595 
o.R. MITCHELL 
Chrysler/Plymouth 

28oo Broadway 
822 3341 

734 CHEVROLET 

DEMONSTRATOR SALE!! 
ALL DEM O ’S O N SPECIAL SALE 

S A V E 1 o o ’s $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 
13 to C h o o s e fro m 

LTD’S - GRANADA'S - PICKUPS 

MAVERICK’S - MUSTANG’S - PINTO’S 

C A L L S A L E S M A N A G E R financing Available 
D EVIN E FO RD IN C. 

Devine, Tx. (I) 663 2176 
S A. Phone 677 12oo 

734 CHEVROLET 

74 C hevy N ova Auto . arr, pow er deautilul condition 
SJI 916$. 
*34 926? 
TTHI C h e w N o v o H o i c h b a t t 
Longed 826 tie s. 696 *o56 
"S i ih e v v w ago n 6c vi fJOfi dn" bul t ' OO Im p 82? J64I 6S1 921? 
I i C h e vy w a g o n pow er, eecel lent cond , reoton oble *2 * oo38 
Clean t*?6 U se d f o r k At a U D G E T R E N T A C A R 349 44*1 
111 N E Loop 41o at A irp o rt B lvd 
‘I t im pola Air 

'73 M O N T E C A R L O loaded, lake over e o v m rn ts. coll i Credit M an a ge r 149 4948 
71 M O N T E C A R L O loaded ts.ooo actual m i can atter 
I 3 IO P M JCI 3*33 

-------------------- m S n T e I a r l o --------------------- 
; Beautiful 71 M onte C arlo, loaded. 
IS.OOO mile*. Colt after 4 JO nm 
I M I 3933 
75 M onte C a rlo 4, p o w e r, o ir. j 13.96o 22S l i l t or r n 13*8 a ik tor 
Al 
Monfe Corlo 76 O rig ow ner mu»t i sell E x c e p tio n a lly c le a n V e r y low m ile* 121 6244 
M d N t E C A R L O . I97 J L a n d a u , fu ll p o w e r, w ill f in a n c e c a ll 
I WBaay, 433 1464 t i M a n ic i a r l o lo a d e d go o d condition B e it otter 716 tttj 
74 M O N t E C A R L O 

319oo Coll new tire*, radio. 
681 1871 

 l e v i m o o la 8 c y l 
O n e o w n e r, 
*t $ ti Atter 6P M IJJ t i 14 
;77 IM P A L A O e L u xe !l door b ord top 4o OOO m i $1tt5 6SJ ttJJ 
68 IM P A L A 2 D O O R 
V*. tit 1491 costs 21? 3824 it) Im pala 4 dr T I 3oo M ech an ic '! 
Sp eciah 4JS S ilt 
64 IM P A L A 
F o r sale J2oo * t j J7J4 
•ti IM P A L A L IK E N t W ' F u ll* loaded T a k e up low p a y m e n ts 
M ust ask for D o n Holt,. ? ? i 65o1 
72 I M P A L A lo o d ed L ik e new 
Low m ileage Take up p aym en ts 
M u st osk tor D o n H a iti 225 6 io l 
I M P A L A m a n y e xtra s J.odo m i J i2 io will trade tor anything 
* 655 553o 
I ? Im p g lo " nice 4 d r hard to p 
$1295 434o I F lo re s t?2 >851 im p a la Station M o g o n 74,"com oletelv eaauiped tJIOO 7JI 727o. 
13o2 San F ra n c isc o rn f V l ^ P A L A i?? t 5 
Station W agon Silve r Looded- 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
, 96oo S A N P E D R O 
141 IJ54 mtmooU) W agon i*7J, A l condtron 
H O, V I . air, power. J-seats Lug 
..•age ra c k new ta g s I17Vo full 
'.. r ic e 43$ 164' f t X in g sw o o d S t o t io n w a g o n , 
$8,ooo m ites $6oo 4t4 3t84 
‘7o Kingwood Stotionwagon auto 
V * air, e xtra dean i4l t4t6 le a v in g country. I*7 4 L o a d e d 
M onte C arlo. 4J.oPO m iles $4 too 
* 828 7$47 Otter 6 
« L I L Y n ~ 7 T 
M O N Y C 7 A R L A 
F re d . white top. loaded $J6$S 6J4o 
$ F to re s . f l l / i S 1 
________ 
’ f t t i M a lib u C la s s ic 
4 door 
«< 
* c e ll e n t c o n d 
S e ll 
N A D A 
W hosole. $7,6oo I 67S o88 J 
■J i M a 11 b o C l a s s i c d r < g i n o I owner, m u st sell B lue ond whrte. 
* g e o u titu i‘ t ie 788o 
I i i M alib u i dr h dip auto/louded it a l cleon $1o95 347 oo67__________ f i M aliub, V I auto air, new mo 
. tor $*$o tirm 658 72o1 
74 M O N f lf <T A b L<5 L A N D A U all extra s, c ru ise control. E xce lle n t 
4 cond , owner. 8686o 876 7776 
I i MO N i t C a r 1. o. ouio power, 
* a ir e m tm , tilt wheel, b eautiful e fo llow B ro w n vin yl interior, vin yl p lo p , n e w t ir e s . C r u g e r m a g s , 
H i l l T o ke trode 6»9 o794 

E x c e lie n t condition1 C L E A N 878 63$$. otter 
7 694 o3o3_________________________ 
1974 Monte C o rlo L o n d o u 
Fu lly looded 824 9S6$, 496 6o54 
74 hlonte C a r lo 
^ u llv lo a d e d 
$35oo or best otter 6i$ 2446 
I * Monte Carlo, only 6 m o Old, l l rn, gal ops i4.?9$, iv ? ??«7 
74 Monte C a rlo lo o d e d E x c e l lent cond $5ooo 649 ?866 
M U S f i E L l 1 7$ M o n i a A ssu m e p a y m e n ts o r p o v oft b a la n c e 
Atter 4 341 166* 
Nice. h IM P A L A 4 door loaded 
$1795 634o S Flores, 92? 7681 
7? ktOVA. A M F M $ track, $1466 
433 7411 
N o vo 21 Coupe id/ v I pow er, a ir G ood c o n d itio n 
N e w ta g s 
$1 3oo cosh 331$ Cutr b ro__________ 
69 N O V A 6 cvi auto . air. (tuns gre at' $495 See at J il t G rant, IO a rn 37 noon_______________________ in N o v a 
I d r 
4 c vt . st a n d excellent cond $1ooo 349 o87o 

 l l K U T Z 

Q U A L IT Y U S E D C A R S 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

7 6 LID* 
4 door 
. . 

7 5 COMETS 

'4395 

‘2595 

7 6 CAMARoS 
2-d o o r .............. 

7 6 IMPALAS 
Station W agons .. 

7 6 MONTE CARLOS 

7 6 MONARCHS 
4-door....... 

‘4195 

‘4795 

‘4395 

‘3 9 9 5 

7 6 N O V A S 
4 d ~ r 
‘3495 

I J month I2.ooC mile t«h •ch ever or(u-s first), power from warranty Ask for details Coli 

 tk i Ti 4 C 5 4 S 
N U T Z S M V IC I C IN T I* 

^ 
A 1 3 3 1 S o - 
JH e r t Z t TERMINAL DR. 
IHT OFI 419 lit OUFOtf BIVD 

ODEE m c 

Pow er 

75 CHEVY 
CAMARO IT 
Automatic, Air, 
Stereo, Tape 
*4695 

C a l l : R o n W a l k e r 
NORTHWOOD 
P O R S C H E - A U D I 
1326 N I. LOOP 41o 

 n i i i u i i 

SfVIUl 
/ / M a ro o n 
................. 
.--(O u r* OeVllU 
/ / Brown Brown 
Si Villi 
/ o Green Green 
HDORAOO 
/ O Oeom Ton ... flOOIAOO 
J O Bed White 
SEDAN OeVILLE 
/ O Beige White 
COUPE OeVllU 
/ O Gteen White 
COUFf OeVllU 

Ivory Ivory 
COUFf OeVllU 
/ O White 
, _ . court DcviuE 
/ O Cteom Ton 
UDo8ADo 
/ J Stiver Silver tiOOBAOO 
/ J Orange Orange 
StOANOeVllU 
/ J Green White 
, 7 . SIOAN OeVHU 
/ J Brown White 
,7 C court OeVHU 
/ J Ton Ton 
,7 C court OeVllU 
/ J Ion Ion 
, 7 - COUri DeVllU 
/ J Silvei Silvet 
CAutscourt 
7 b lint 
, - 
. BIOUGIIAM 
J A Blue Blue 
, , . COUrt UeVltU 
/ 4 Cronbetty White 
OTHER NUKES 
7 6 ™ r » r . '" '’599o 
7 6 K ,'"" 
*599o 
, . , BLUCK Bi Viera 
/ O Beige Ton 

» * / . I ^ * Intpokj 
I O Hue 

*132oo 
*1o95o 
‘1125o 
*1o49o 
‘1o75o 
*8975 
‘859o 
*935o 
*939o 
*9695 
*915o 
*799o 
*769o 
*765o 
*739o 
*739o 
*765o 
*699o 
*589o 
‘615o 

S t a t i o n W a g o n 

 row el, oir conditioning, luggage «*ck 
O rs* o w n e r. 
*4625 

Coll Joel Murray 
824-7311 Days 
I 
349-1962 Evenings 
I 

'74 Fo rd $oo A ir. power, excellent condition $177$ 877 9777________ 
•46 F o rd F o irla n e . 4 dr, 789 en- r~ pine. n ew a u to I r o n s 6o m o o I wheels, good student cor, I 
458 341. 
J 
$899 69 F O R D G A L A X IE 
4 door v e ry cleon. looded T e rm s I available Coll 341 9417 j 
•69 F O R D G olaxie $oo, auto. otr, I pow er steering, new fires, good ■ cond 575o 683 7156 eves 
I 
F o r d '71 G a l a x y 
A ir , p o w e r, | radials, extras. 
O w ne r 
S179S 
■ 
661 7439____________________________ l l 

75 C t AM I . M . s ^ fl. 

*1 1 *1 

74 (ONrONNTAl 
*7541 

77 1o*o Xk S ITO wkk t w w 
*35*1 

74 SU86IU W 4«m 
. *1 5 *4 

A * OUIS tw w w Aa 
... 
I A N 

•7? IliT (m w . W H 
*1 6 *7 

73 HOSHI O M O 
*7766 

•/iro e o vw . 
*1167 

7o rONTIAC U 44..I 
*763 

7.) 1o*o Xk S u. Vt .Im 
*2271 

74 elk TO 
H O U 

1* b o o o m ats van 
54*63 
Call 

J E R R Y M U M A 
222-1685 
222-8611 

S A N P E D R O 

7 5 . 7 4 - 7 3 - 7 2 - 7 1 - 7 o 

OASTS. OUSTIBS, VALIANTS, 6 rylmders, 8 cylinders, on, power, storting of 

 r e — i i 
^o C H A L L E N G E R T r m r . power $78o t?7 166) 
77C horger R a lly I dr 
34C VS 4 bbl oir. oufo. etc $16oo 683 I'O I st C H A R d E R R T 
44o 
I sa d . new tires, m o as 888o 688 8)8$ 
~ 4 C O L T 4 dr ouio, ra d io m ileage t?3 7o19 
73 Dodge C h a rge r SE oulurn" 

 tov 

ITT pow er ste ering b rokes. A M F M rodio. stereo cassette record er I owner 641 7337. E v e s 484 4747 
*971 b o d g e C h a rg e r 
E condition 
$74oo or 
497 7771 
5® Dodge Coronet 

 ced en t best arter 

■ I i F o rd F a st' bock 289, 494 691), 494 3)44 t i D o d g e D a r t C le a n , e c o n pm re pl SHOO Arter 4 496 lf o4 
’6 Dodge D ort 427 hiemi C la ss fron t end R o ll b or, B M to rgu e converter $2ooo 337 7595 
197o Dodge C o rf $w roger 7 door 
Looded 
654 1ooo 
Auto 
$885 best offer 

7 3 N O V A S S loaded toke over p aym ents. 
Credit M a n o a e r 349 6948 

T iW v T T T T d i; up DOV m eals excellent shape, can take trode. 
$89 8*81 
7) Novo 3o2 V I J bbl , Leaders. m ags $1*95 681 2583 
Toke over p aym en ts on 74 N ovo 
Coll 772 o986 osk F o r D e n n is after 
8 4 86 4 321 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s on 
7$ 
C o m o r o C o ll 772 o *8 6 a s k fo r 
Dennis otter I 486 6321 

76 Towne Coupe M o n ia . V O, A C, auto pow er ste ering, tilt wheel, 
A M F M ste re o o n d c a s e O n ly 
45oo mi 654 oJS7 B est arter 

77 V ig o 2 door, B -cylm d e r stoa dord 875o best Otter 656 loop 
74 Vega Estate W ago n A ir!' low m ileage Call 826 5o76 
TTV r a r g r oTr. am im ' } new tires >34 5136 
14 l^ega C t W ago n Auto , stereo 
F M tope, r a c k 
E x t r a c le a n 
$145o $13 337o i i V ega H a tch arr std. rad io. excellent Best Otter I 62* 1274 i i V ega H o lc h b o c k 
A u io T 'a ir 
5175o Coll 483 *71$ otter 6 
J? V ig o H a trh b a c k |4od needs repair if se rio u s call collect 
91$ 263 6998 
> Y v b 6 a H l V c H B A i k ------- 
4 speed, radio 
$149$ 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E D R O 
341 1354 
77 Vego, rad io, e n gin e g o u g e s cleon t it s 4*2 9543 

735 CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No M oro B oerne 24* 3844 
D IR E C T L IN E 
I i* $81$ 
7$ C hrysler C ord oba lo w miles, 
77 lic e n s e 
M u s t se e to a p p ree m ie 1 653 o294 atter $ JO 
T 9 7 6 C H B y T l r r C ' S R D O B A 
L o a d e d 
$$oo m ile s 
N E W c a r 
W A R R A N T Y $5878 458 4981 

7$ C h r y s le r C o r d o b a V I, a u ­ to m a tic . p o w e r, f a c t o r y o ir, c ru ise control, tope deck, 6o-4o s e p ts 
O n e o w n e r 
V e r y le w m ile a g e 
71 lic e n s e L ik e new 
$449$ Will trode *73 7883 

4$ C H R Y S L E R New port. 4 door. loaded M a ro o n , w hite v in y l in terror Good condition 111 I H I 
62 C M R Y S I E R N E W Y O R K E * 
441 2*38 otter $. w eekends 
75 C hrysler N ew Y o rke r b ro u gh am All pow er Fu lly loaded E x 
I r a s ' U n d e r IO OOO m ile s 
O ut standing buy $65oo $34 2JO* atter 

I 
A B V i i E f f T i y m o u t h < !itV 
7ooo NW L O O P 41o at C uleero 
684 641o 

64 Dodge 4 door, auto 6 $41o best offer 486 IWO 
68 b od ge 2 door. 6 cyl . stand 
Air, good condition 684 1*38 
65 D O D G E 4 door A sta n d a rd 
8425 or best Orter 654 IQpO 
D O D G E M O N A C O 1*73 F U L L Y 
L O A D E O t f N ew tires M u st sen 
Toke up p aym ents or *127$ M u st 
OSk tor Don Holt! 225 45o1 
To D o d g e P o io r o I d o o r, a ir , uower $7$o 4*4 31*5 Otter 6 ____ 
'74 D o d ge R o m C h a rg e r 
4 w hl drive, looded S58oo 456 o3o8 
_ 
74 D O D G E 
S T R E E T 
V A N 
G O O D T IM E S ", C ustom Interior, loaded $68oo 4*4 S I4 4 ____________ 
75 M o n a c a B r o u g h a m W a g o n loaded, low m ileage, 
*818o 
341 |f16 
__________ _ 
T i P O L A R A 2 dr h o rd lo p c u s ­ tom, ve ry nice. 6*,ooo m iles A sk mg lightly 
$I4»$ 
/JA $o22. 
226 3873 
6* Potora excellent, air. pow er, 
318 motor 349 o39o 
67 P O L A R O Good tonditon $8oo 
6*9 1745 arter tom 
___________ 

R O B C A R Y K E N N E L * 
B o a r d in g a n d 
T r a i n in g a ll 
B re e d s O h e d C la s s e s sta r tin g 
M a r 28 and JO P u p p y C to ss lr wks to 4 m ot) Baste is m as and older 
C A R Y L 
F E N N E L L . 
494 77|7 

T ake up p a y m e n ts or si2 7 $ en 
Dodge M o naco i t l l Fu lly loaded 
New tires M u st sell M u st a sk tor 

’745o 
’485o 

FOR MIATA 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y — 
DIAL 
22 RI AT A o r 2 3 7 4 2 8 2 

NEW ond PRE-OWNED 
I CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 

O p e n M o n -F ri. 8 A M 

T o 6 P . M . 
Sa t. 8 A M . t o 4 P . M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

737 EOM 

'7$ F o r d G r a n a d a G h io , 2 d r , 
Eoaded. low m ile s E x tra S h a r p ' 
$388o 726-oo55 before J 3o 
____ 

MOST OF OUR Q 
USED CARS QUAL 
UALITY 
IFY FOR 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

 l h » C e lt o 9 M a jo r M e c h a n ic a l R e p a irs Fo r 1 2 
M o n th s O r 1 2 , o o o M ile s, W h ic h e v e r C a m e s 
First! 
* M O T O R S IN 5 U R A N C I C O R P O R A T IO N * 

CHECK THESE FINE 
LOW MILEAGE CARS 

 t £ Q D A U T I A T 
Coup*, whlt* * ',h Woe 
O O r U N 11 A V . interior, outomotir, im (omit 
Ironed, power steering, power broket, AM rodio, . 
58,14o miles #2339A . . . . . . . 

• T A r U E U D A I C T to,wk, a °“ H foup* ' b* '9* 
JO CHIVKOLIT with gold (loth interior. automatic, arr conditioned, power steering, power 
, brokes. AM radio, 49,ooo miles # 18SoA 
’ T O m o r t 
ITO Brougham, blue with while vinyl 
/ 1 r U K l J top, automatic, air, power steermg. 

995 

1995 

 power brokes, power, windows and seats, AM TM 
. . . . . 
Stereo Very nice, #237oA 
/ I T J 
Vista Cruiser, green with wnodgrom 
Stereo Vei 
71. OLDS side panels, outomotir, air condi 
Ironed, power steering, power brokes, AM radio, 
44,919 miles. #1162* 
.................... 
• roes a i / s r n o 
Luxury Sedan 4 door, silver 
/ L U L U ) T O with black vinyl top. cloth In tenor, automatic, oir conditioned, power steering, power brokes, power windows, ond locks, power seats, AM TM stereo, 43,ooo miles 
#21884 ....................................... 

’ 7 A D I V R A A l I T U ou‘,,r' 8r,,n * lfh " M * 
I A r l Y m U U T H londou roof, ond white strips, automatic, otr ronditioned, power steenng, power brokes, AM rodio, 22,ooo miles 
#47618 
7 4 GRAN TORINO vinyl top, outomotic, on rondifioo. power steermg, power brakes, AM rodio, very shorp cor # 2 22S 
. . i 7 . E n D r 4 Mustang ll Ghio, red with red interior, 
/ A r U K U white vinyl top, 4 speed, power steer mg, power brokes, oir conditioned. AM radio, 
#23664 
........................ t 7 7 
| . . . 
OeltoBBBoyalt Coupe, silver with bur 
/ J U L U ) gundy vmyl top, outomotir. on roo dihoned, power steermg. power brokes, AM IM stereo tope, #19764 n i n e a **** 
CauP*' brown, with 
/ A U L U ) white vinyl top, outomotir, on ton damned, power steermg, power brokes, tilt wheel. 
AM TM Stereo, #2276* 

 t j a n m a c c *»<7ttoup* 9,,,n w,,t’ 9r®*n 
/ *B V . U I I M J J 
J interioi, outomotir, on leering, power brokes, AM 
9238oA 
.................. radio. 3o,198 ovtes. # 2 

1 7 . firebird, blue with white vinyl 
J A r U N 11 A L . top, burkets, console, outomotir, power steering, power brokes, AM radio with B frock tope, 37,39o miles #23814 i v e f l i r t s e e Supieme, beige with ton londou 
/ J L U I L A ) ) roof, outomotic, oir conditioned, power steering, power brokes, AM-FM stereo 8 frock, #22o84 
........................... l y e A i n e 
Royale, 4 door, beige with 
/ J U L U ) brown vinyl lop, outomotic, on condi honed, power steering, power brokes, AM rodio, 
# 1 5 7 8 4 
............................................ l y e SA Z O f I I D V 4ooorch, brome with ton Ion* f b m t K v U K T dou roof, oufomatK, otr con- ditioned, power steering, power brakes, AM rodio, 
13.66o miles Very clean rot #21o58 l y e D I I l f lf (* n,ufV londou, silver with silver 
I ) d U I v I I vinyl top, white burkets, console, automatic, on, power steering, power brakes. AM 
TM 8 frock tope, # 1 4 5 S A ...................... 
• 7 r n i l i f t ! Century Station Wngon. bronie with 
I J w U IL . I\ brown interior, outomahc, on. power 
Steermg, power brokes, power windows. AM IM stereo, roof rock, 29.S91 miles, #23S8 s 7 x ^1 I T I A C C 
^uPr* m* Coupe, white with bur- 
I O V U I L A ) ) gundy londou roof, white burk its, outomotir. oir, power steering, power brakes. 
AM rodto # S3*l 
................... 
. i m * M i iv « 
Cutlass Supreme, station wagon, sd 
/ O U I O ) vet with btu* 

>2495 

‘2595 

*2995 

‘2995 

*2995 

*3595 

‘3695 

‘3895 

‘4295 

*4495 

*4695 

*4695 

*4695 

‘4895 

*5195 

•7$ F o r d G r a n a d a 4-d o o r, low m ileage A M F M stereo tope Air, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n E x t r a c o r m ust sell* *37o$ or $7*oo ond toke up p a y m e n ts of *73 SO per m o 
AS* 7o69 oft 8pm 
77 F o r d G r a n T o r in o 
2-d o o r hardtop, loaded Beautiful c on d i­ tion $188o or best ofter 681 6692 
71 F o r d L T D C o u n t r y S q u ir e w a g o n Top m e c h a n ic a l c o n d '. lion V e ry clean, new tires Single owner 6*6 7847 
68 F O R D L T D Coupe, excellent exterror interior G reat buy! only 
*65o 7*4 O IH 
________ _________ 
7$ Fo rd L T D 4 door, vin yl root. bower, air. excellent cond $27*$ 
$42 OI 13 e ves , w eekends 
‘I * Fo rd L T D 2 door. white. L o o dOU roof $4ooo 34* 2481 
‘67 F o r d L T D 4 d o o r h o rd t o p 
Loaded 
Auto 
$48$ 
Best otter 
686 1ooo 
F o rd L T O 1*72 Sedon Exce llen t: conditon Clean body G ood tires ; 
N ew tops $175o 435 1641 
1*77 F o r d M a v e r ic k 2 -d o o r 
L O A D E D 826 *565, 4*6 8o54 
■ll F o rd M u sta n g V I one ow ner 
3 1 3oo >33-1171 
1*64 F o rd R a n c h e r o 4 c y lin d e r 
.sin»r)ord >/*> Best otter *S4 iboo 
F o rd T o rin o- 1*7o V I JOI. std 
Arter > 237 384o 
'47 F o rd W agon Auto , a ir 
Con 
34* 724o 
74 F o rd W a g o n to p a sse n g e r. luggage rock >12*5 87* 13S4 
47 F o rd 
>oo’ otter 6>3 2*>o 
X L 
>4oo or b est 

74 GALAXIE $1996 
4 door, d e a n h u r r y 1 S IS 1641 
71 G A L A X IE >oo In good condi lion. 
>17*5. 
COH 
67* o367 or 
674 8o4o 
7> G R A N A D A A ssu m e botonee 
N O E Q U IT Y 344 74*5 orter * p rn 
7* G ra n a d a G hio, 2 door, aute, air. pow er, A M F M . C ru ise con trot. excellent cond *3.SSO or best otter *4* 7187 

I 
* 9 9 5 
I 

I 
o.R. MITCHELL 
Chrsyler/Plymouth 

| ^ 7 8 o o Broadway 
822 JJ41 ■ • 

737 - FORD 

•74 M ave rick, power, oir. A M -F M , 
Plush tnt 11,691 349 2774_________ 
M echanic s Spell 66 F o rd W agon I 
Recently rebuilt JJ7 co ", F ro ten from lack of use All pow er, otr. 
You pull a w a y 1 >17> *96-4393 
72 M U S T A N G auto pow er, air, stereo, stiver Black interior Like new t il t s take trode Att o2*4 
1*47 M u stan g 28*. auto A M F M 8 track stereo with 4o wart booster 
>1,ooo- 674 * 3o4___________________ 
48 M u stan g 28* Auto , air. pawer, excellent condition 342 S734 ofter 
* P rn 
•At M u stan g Fa stb ack G T 4 speed. 
A M FM , >1ooo » 3 >731___________ 
4/ M ustang, good condition, steel betis, aute, >*>o, 6S8-o86?_________ 
76 M u stan g ll. outo. air. new tires. cleon, tlSOO e t* O IH _____________ 
75 m u s t a n g ii, air. radio, real nice S2o7S 313 OIS? 
■74 M U S T A N G ll « CVI, le a de d fc xcelient gov m ileage 342 883o 
•7> M u stan g ll G hio E x tra c leon, I lopped 684 87>*. 9111111 
74 M u sta n g ll, m u st sell, excel lent shape, low m i S a c rific e at 
» i , m W I T H 
74 M u stan g ll 4 speed A M F M radio, rodiots >735o >34 1766 
72 M u sta n g M a c h I 
JO? V I he ’ pretorm ance M o n y speed p arti. I cor w recked t i* o5*1 
I 

• • 
• • 
• 

7o MUSTANG MACH! 
S P O R T R O O F 
A c a p u lc o b lu e I 
Autom atic, air, pow er, console. 
R a d ia l t ir e s. A b s o lu t e ly Im - I maculate One owner 
224-69S6 
226 2o23 

Ho* interior, outomotic, oir 
(ondihoned, power steering, power brokes, roof rock, AM-FM stereo, #22o/8 
____ i y I Q I l l f U 
®*9°l 4 door, rod with red vmyl top, 
/ O K U I V IL outamotK, cif, power steering, power brakes, tilt wheel, cruise control, power windows, scots and locks, AM TM stereo, 8622 miles 
#72*o8 ..................... ...... 

SERVICE, WHAT 
IT’S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

*5395 

*5495 

 k 

G u n n 

O l d s m o b i l e 

1 9 7 3 F O R D 
Gron Tortno Wagon, vinyl rn terror, outomotic, radio, beefer, on conditioned 

* 1 9 9 5 
O.R. MITCHELL 

C h r y ile r / P ly t n o u t li 
78oo Broodwoy 
872 3341 

738 LINCOLN 

N ow a v e iia b te -T h e m o st e xclu vive 1*76 M a rk IV in San Antonio iRose exterior, b u rgu n d v interior, le ru sh v e lv e t se a ts, a ls o m o n y other e x c lu s iv e fe a tu re s. T o k e over lease p aym ents >3oo m onth 
It interested coll: ASA-IBIS 

739-MERCURY 

■/J C O M E T A D O O R 
L O A D E D ........................ >24t> 
T O M B E N S O N IM P O R T S 
96oo S A N P E O R O 
141-1 ISO 
*8 C O U G A R , auto. clean. O w ne r 
S3oSC >34-8871 
•47 C ou gar B u rgu n d y block vin yl top 21*7 e ng auto ISO o r best otter 973-2S8) 
71 Cougar. 383 engine, outo ru n s apod >163o 474->88* 
7> C o u o o r , lo a d e d , 35.ooo m l 
SASSO, b is t ofter 453 3883, 
*76 C O U G A R Low m ileage, really clean1 Excellent cond E X T R A S 
227 3373. 822 **>o Ort >. 

C O U G A R '73 N ew tires and tags, console, outo air, pow er *3*87 full price 43S-I641 
•47 C O U G A R , std , air. goad tires 
>>oo 4*o-*8>* otter 6 _____________ 
AB C ou gar X R T Air, power, goad condition Coll 4*4-6o81 
73 C O U G A R X R 7, all power, air 
Good cond Best otter 4>7 2*24 
1*74 C o u g a r X R - 7 . A M - F M 8 tra c k 
4>oo m ile s 
S ilv e r b lu e 
» 4 *> Arter 4 735 *838____________ 
■76 C o u g a r X R - 7 
A M F M COS sette, 8 m o w a rra n ty . 22oo m l 
«4 *>, 734 8583, 734 8367._________ 

76 COUGAR XR7 loaded take over paym ents, call 
Credit M o n o g tr, 3«*-6*48 

U sed C a rs F ro m O u r Rental Fleet 
(1*74 U sed) 
333) SO U T H T E R M IN A L 
F o r inform ation Coll: 874 *665 
73 MARQUIS $1898 
B ro u a h o m 4-door, e le ctric w in dows, seat, etc 41S-I641 
A* M ere Colony P k W ago n Full pow er 
Cleon 
1o-pass 
>**>, 
4*4 5*26 
____________________ 
•71 M E R C E D E S 45o SL 
S ilv e r , b la c k le a th e r , a llo y , wheels, I ow ner Coll Af* 3333 
•76 M e r c u r y B o b c a t R u n a b o u t. 
V A, air, looded *1oo ml, in w ar- rontv 342 6o4?______________ 
J 

7 5 o N .(. L O O F 4 1 o A T B R O A D W A Y 
8 2 4 - o 4 1 1 

*8 M E R C U R Y 4 dr sedan Air, I i frock G ood tran sp ortation *3>o or best otter 484.277S otter > pm. 
71 M e rc u ry M orauts. 62,ooo ml., 
F M , air. outo . p o w e r ste e rin g . b rokes t i )*> 681 1234 o r 341 SO M . 
74 
M E R C U R Y 
M A R Q U I S 
B ro u gh am H a s everyth in g M u st see to appreciate 878-45o7 
1*7o M e r c u ry M a r q u is B ro u g h - pm. Looded I >74o -342-4o87 
1*7? M e r c u ry M a r q u is B ro u g h am, v e ry clean, new m otor with only 15,ooo miles, >275o 4*o *>46. 
•74 M E R C U R Y M o n a rch , « door, outo oir, power. » o o m i SASSO 
776 7S31, 344-*317 
__ j * 74 M e r c u r y M o n t e g o 4 d o o r 
L o a d e d 
L ik e n e w 
T o k e up p a y m e n t s 
M u s t o s k fo r D e n 
Hgltz, ??> 65o1 
______________ 
76 M O N A R C H 7 d o o r. lo a d e d 
M o st sell todov, will helo finance 
Coll Pick, 433 1464________________ 
72 M O N T E G O M X . 7 door, only 
• >**> will help finance, call M orro 
433 1464__________________ 
174 M ontego M X excellent, ail ex tros, bv owner. 4*8 7714 

•75 M O N T E G O M X 
Loaded, toke o ver paym ents. Coll 
Credit m anager. J4»-4*48 
4* M o ntere y. « door, auto a ir , 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

Beautiful 7 4 R e gen cy All power, stereo, 4o-4o se a t Steel belted litre*. Bob Richey: JJJ-77tO, m fes i 
1641-184* 
I 
71 C U T L A S S , auto pow er, ort 
R e d . w h ile top, a n d in t e r io r 
<6o.ooo mi. t u f t 
Take trade) 
6N -8IF4 
7o C u tlas*. B o d y d am a ge , new 
Iran*., goad tires *>?> 717-33*7 
71 C U T L A S S C oupe Red. white tap. in te rio r 4o,ooo m i p erfe ct condition >1*75 6 **Q ?*4 _________ 
72 C U T L A S S 7 d oor hardtop *21*S 
828-6355 art I 6*6-o3o1 
74 
C U T L A S S 
2 
B r 
44.ooo m i i n t o 667-1o1o, arter 4 pm 
. '47 C u tla ss h ord top G oo d e n g . nee ds Ir o n s w o rk >275 or best letter 722 254o oft > ______________ 
C U T L A S S S. 75, 2 door Loaded 
E x trq d e q n 18 ooo m r JAI 3*81 
1 47 C utlass Suprem e. A * it *1oo or best orter 22* 6559___________ 

FINAL CLEARANCE 
N ew 1976 Fords at 
Factory Invoice 
* PINTO PONY 2-DR. 
* PINTO M PG, 3-DR. 
* MUSTANG ll MPG, 2-DR. 
* M AVERICK, 4-DR. 
FORD GRA NAOR 2-DOOR 
KINSEL 
FORD-MERCURY 
PLEASANTON, TEXAS 
121 SO. M A IN 
S A. Phone 626-2791 
“Right Dow ntow n" 

C u t l a s s S u p r e m e ‘F3 
H o lly wheels. A M F M O track, I owner 
>77*5 681 JST* 
______________ 
7* C U T L A S S Su p re m e , b ucke t seats, m ust sell Will help finance 
Coll Oreg. 431 t*6 * 
74 
C U T L A S S 
S U P R E M E 
2 D O O R v e r y c le a n 878 *115, arter 7 496 o3o3 
71 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E hardtop 
>U oo cosh A lt 1441 
________ 
71 C U T L A S S S u p r e m e 4 d r hord top t2 io o o r Otter 484 272S 
Artel I m . 
__________________ ; 
71 C utlass V S Aute . oir. pow er s te e rin g , g o o d t ir c t. I o w n g r 
>15oo 656 >495 l l Oelto 88, 4 door, ort, pow er steerm g and brokes, new tires, ' l l license 34 1 3459 66 1 53o1 
_____ 
7 2 D E L T A 88 2 dr >32oo Need to sell A S A P 878 1781 days. 824 3*37 odes w knds 

7 5 G ro n o d o O h io 3* ©OO m ile s 
H a s poi e veryth in g Super sh a rp ' 
*3677 43 5 1641 
I i G R A N A D A L A N D A U , pow er steering, aute. air. A m tm , *37*5 att 5 43) 5o13 

7 4 T H U N D E R B IR D 

 loaded Imludmg. AM IM ttcte with tope, power seats, win dows, door locks Immaculate 
Only 3* ooo im 
_ 
$ 4 5 8 7 
. 

 m r n r n f o m 
DEVINE, TEXAS 
SAN ANTONIO MMU UNI 
677-853o 

737 FORD 

 bank repossissions 
Three seats. reek. e lectric w in dow s seat, c ru ise 43$ 1641 t OH'b fffiA W l i m rfe V C d ifro 'n 
Loaded Lew m ileage Top condi lion M ak e otter 874 1834 j a c k 6 t i a r a -------------- 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
SHO S A N P E D R O 
7I2 87 H 

A V A IL A B L E 
Take up paym ents with qualified credit A p plication s accepted by phone No application refused 
M R 
E A R L l i t M IS 
B E S T O F F E R ! I* P IN T O 
R u n a b o u t , a u to , a ir , la w n u , 
T e rm * available 1814111 
. 

B E S T O F F E R ie Pinto RA. auto, air, low m ile*, term * available, 341*41? 

BIG COUNTRY I FORD 
Son Antonio 
Cell 
277 o84o l l C ou n try S q u irg W a go n C all 
*2? 7oo1,633 o52? M 

7$ G ro n T o rin o Elite 
White on white, fully loaded including *un f o o l I t , OOO m iles *48*5 6*5 8*o8 
G R A N T O R IN O Nice. 7 ? W agon, loaded 
$121o 
*34o 
S 
Flores. 
♦ 2 ? /BSI t *7 J C r a n T o r in o B r o u g n a m 
L O A D E D 876 »$6$. 4*4 88S6 
K IN S E L F O R D M E R C U R Y 
P L E A S A N T O N . T E X A S 
________ S A P hene 67* ?/*) _____ 
I e A V i N G t o G E R M A N Y . M u st 
S e ll' 1*77 G R A N A D A 
$4.SO ? 
♦H-887*. *2 ? S*7I i 
Like new 7 4 T O R IN O 4-dr legd- 
Od SU SQ 434o S P lore*. »??-7»SI 
L ik e n e w 
74 T o r in o , 4 d o o r, looded 
S1SSo 
6 34o 
S Fiores, r u m 
' ___________________________ 
72 L T O B R O U G H A M 
Loaded, toke ever paym ents, call 
Cedi! M o n age ( 34*6*48 

7 4 L T D B ro u g h a m 2 door still under w a rra n ty 
L o a d e d t$$oo 
6*o *$3? arter 4 p m 
_ 
7 $ L T O Excellent A M E M stereo c o w e rte 334*o i i * 55o2 
71 L T D . pow er air. new b rakes. excell cond *14*5 4*4 383o 

76 IID BACON 
* p a s s e n g e r , r e d ia l*, a ir , F M stereo, auto , pow er steering, low mites, tike new 
Arter I p m 
O il o)»4 
7$ L T D W agon lake up balance, na equity S i? 4471 334 447) l l M A V E R IC K *13oo 
A F T E R 5 
41$ DQ * 
71 M ave rick, auto, art, new tirg§- butter y H O O ASA 3178_____________ 
74 M a v e ric k 6 cyl , 2 dr , 34 ooo mites, *228o 827 *718_____________ 
74 M a v e r ic k 
4 d o o r 
L o a d e d 
M u tt »ell' $23 $4o7________________ 
$1488 7 ) M A V E R IC K I dr 37 ooo mi, extro cleon 3413*3) 
71 M A V E R IC K 4 dr , a ula , air, $ c y l , radio, heater, go o d fa m ily cor $*$o *2)87 34 
_____________ 
T i M a v e r ic k 2 dr., a ir, aute," I owner $t4$o ASS 4*7o oft *_______ 
7 4 M a v e ric k 4-dr . loaded 
E x cedent fo nd $2)7$ 824 8731 
M a v e ric k l l G ra b b e r JC?, ort, pow er, m o o *, A M F M . p e rfe ct con ation 6*6 ? *8 I l l M a v e ric k L O O 4 dr V I, air, a u to , p a w e r , b u c k e t s e p t * , 

7* M u stan g ll. owner, g o s saver, I outomotic ond air. clean 
*2 )9 *., 
>14-1? 17 
I 

75 M U S T A N G 2 + 2 
Take up paym ents, no equity, call 
Credit M an ager. 34* 4*4* 
172 M u stan g V I auto art V e ry 
'rood (p p nitron 4*4 i vp* 
N I C E ' 7 ? F o rd W agon, leaded 
*1238 *34o $ F lo res *2 ? 7851 
N I C E ' 
7? L T O . 4 door loaded. 
*1773 *348 $ F lo re s *22 7**1 
I t Pinto 2d oor. looded, I aw ner 
W itt f in a n c e 
21$ 4727 d a y * ; 
826-$2*4 eves 
________________ l l P IN T O G o s Sa ve r 4 cyl ston dord will help finance C all M a rip, 4)3 1464 
1874 P I N T O t'-pw neV 
L o a d e d 
*2 * *36$, 6 ** 8834 
71 P IN T O . R A air, ouio 2,ooo cc, e x c e p t io n a l m p g an r e g g a * 
*1 3 *$ 826 48o* 
Ii P IN TO Runabout 
Looded toke ever paym ent*, call 
C redit M a n a ge r 14* 6**8 
7) P IN T O R u n a b o u t, a ir, elan m e g low mi $1*7$ 4*4 $4$4 
73 PINTO SOlliRf WAG* 
Air wood a rg in *!$*$, 4)3-1441 
74 Pinto Stotionwagon, 1$ ©OO m i , 
2)o© cc engine, auto, air, radio, 
'" o iur *228o t i l i t l l 

 l l Pinto W o tan N ew tires, radio air, std . 
43.8o8 m ile * 
SIM © a y i m ___________________________ l l T - B IR D . fu lly lo a de d m e an root, vinyl top U lm U i J H l___ 
7 o f - ii r d G ood condition R u n s well interior immaculate- C la ssic body slyly t»*8-*2> 1*4)__________ 
7) T H U N D E R B IR D All extro*. a ll e le c t ric e n d p a w e r, w h ite w hite, e m tm, I t r a c k st e re o 
P o r t e d con d itio n 37,©8© m ile *. 
One owner 473 ©437 ft Thunderbird, full pow er, fa c­ to ry o ir 
L ik e new l l lic e n se 
$l|*$ Will trode *23 2883 
1*74 
T H U N D E R B I R D f u lly lo o d e d '' 826 * 361 6*4 8oS* 
~ 75 TORINO $2195 
4 door qir pow er 4)3 164) t i T o nn e G T V*. outo oir New paint, vinyl root and tire * *838 
333 *7*4________________________ 
>**« 
V ery c le g* A* F o rd G ataxic, 4 dr 

 iS S B S & J & J iU x w m M S fiiL w M 

★ INSTANT CASH * 
P A ID O N THE SPO T 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 
USED CAR DEPT. ~ 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
9 4 o o S A N P E D R O 

71 Delta I * M etallic blue, power, 
I new t ire *, o ir w e n t to b u y sm a lle r c a r ' C le an , geed cond 
A s k in g * 1 1 8 ) 
W ill b a r g a in 
4)8 >7*1, 45* 1721 otter 7_________ 
/> D e lta l l R o y a le , lo a d e d , I owner, cleon, >7.ooo m i M u st tell 
*42*5 7)2 )817 
•75 O E L T A ss R o ya le sedan *2*o© 333 to;? 
4 O r 

Nice 
'7) 
C U T L A SS 
Supreme, looded 
■ *7575 *3*o S F L O R E S 
*77 78*) 
*7 Olds Cutlas* 4 door Loaded 
*45o Best otter 45* ISO 
Al OW* Cutlas* Supreme V I. ou tomatic. power, factory air, like new ‘77 license St 3*5 Will trode 
(SU S ti 
:___________ 
187* O ld s C u tlo tt S u p re m e 
B ro u g h a m 
T Top, l-o w n e r, 
!>?* m s . *** BOSA 
7) Olds C utiots Suprem e 2-dr hardtop 
4*6 8o34 
I owner 
826 **6*. 

76 Old* IS Delta Royale 28.ooo smile*, air, power. A M 8-track 
>43oo r?2 23*8 
O L D * F-s* *7 Automatic ond air. 
:ex{elient condition *5*o *2) ?>4> 

FRIE 1977 LICENSE PLATE. 
72 GREMLIN uvlwnWH WW . . 
7 2 M U S T A N G 

 a lyBw igr ......... 
7 ) M O N T E G O 

 f i r ,. 

M IB S l'* 4 4 r , 

. M I U 
MX 4- 

. 
‘7488 

•75 I 
■ 'UVU IR A N T O R IN O 

•Vs 
«rw4Mi coo* 
(U T E 
'V E A 

4288 vUiirl *op • 
’7 3 M U S T A N G 
•iv, vinyl IWP pwwor 
«tgpy f n $ ................... 
/ABB 
*7 4 T O Y O T A c .i« . it putwmptrt, a k 
‘2888 

•75 M O N T f C A R L O svtD M otk «4r. Dowtf 
••••THM, v in y l top AM- 
N M , 1 * o o o m ild 
.. >4588 
OPEN SUNDAY 
NORTH CINTRl FORD 
9Soo SAN PEDRO 
M I 5571 EU. IOO 

R6W6I 
NIMEH . . . . . . . . . . . . 
*7 5 C A P R IC E 

 povrpr ttpprtng, ppw .r w n4Cvi, power dee. lo ll pow .. Mort. iridM .pntypt, AM-7M 
H H H , I * OOO mile.. . 
*75 TRIUMPH 
.•under* I * OOO mite................ 

TBT, 

44 Olds 88 Good condition, auto . art *361 226 M ac 
71 Otds *8 Luxury Sedan Fully equipped 77 license Like new 
>27*3 Will ii on? *21 2*13 
73 Olds »* Luxuiv Sedan Beau titul gold with white top E ve ry opt.gtt New rodiais *I4o© 4H-U41 
1*73 Oldsmobile Delta 8* Rovote 
♦ door Sedan Aute air, power 
AM F M rod 1o W H trode 82* 43o7 
*o OLDS, new tire*, battery, r n . tor H H *71 344o 
7 ? O LD S *8, l ower perfect con aition, will toke trade. Tom Ford, 
34* 6«4X 
73 O L D S TO H O NAO O , looded 
AO 4o seots. power window*, etc 
Cruise, tilt wheel, pm tm stereo rodio Red. ten vinyl top Only 
I * *oo mi Like new steel belt radial tire* Beautifully cared for 
Red interior >28 o383 eves 
7 3 R E G E N C Y im m a c u la te 
>2575 667 1o1o atter 6 pm 
76 f T A R F tR E GT i -railed must sell! 6*1 2332 
738 LINCOLN 
738 LINCOLN 

75 LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 
TOW N CAR 

F u lly e q u ip p e d . H o t o n ly 
2 2 , o o o m ild *. 
$ 6 9 7 5 
— o w n * r w ill fin a n c d - 
C a d J d d l M u r r a y 
• 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 D a y * 
3 4 9 - 1 9 6 2 iv a t t in g * 

7 * Stortire Sportscoupv air, ston 
______________________ <B fA tktettddt 8*»->873 
" 1 1111 
Take over paym ents on 74 Cut 
■74 L in c o ln M a r k IV . sh in y loss Supreme Coll 
222 o**6 ask plack on-black, with buroundv tor Dennis otter * Coli 63* 4321 int wire w heel* aim ost every 
T n H n , V n n " i . l . x a vail option. ptea*e ra il M r 
,J TO RO r.AD O , loaded Exce l 
Owens at 
72* 138o. 
>33-4371, 
$34 I)?? 

44 Foirlane Econ om y 4 
Aute, radials * 2 2 so M f le i* radio heater, new b re t 
Good 
341 ^T1?— 
_ _ _ _ _ paint, excellent mechanical cond 
Maverick LOO perfect con#., 
TO mpg >38) See and drive, 3)3* 
* «»»• loaded 4 dr , this cor like 
Grant Ave new 653-17o4 

,’38 LINCOiN 

74 C o n tin e n ta l 2 d r e x c e lle n t condition *43*5, 6U -84o4_________ 
‘Af Lincoln Continental E xcellent condition ) ? 4 » 42) 5 3 8 * 
____ 

L in co ln C ontinental 1*71 4 door sedan, air Fu ll paw er V in yl lop 
Leath e r in te rio r t i t * ) 225 2685 c st tor Betty M e re r 
71 L IN C O L N 4 doer. by ow ner 
Loaded, blue w hile leather inter­ ior. T h i* c or in real good condi 
I'® " ii* M J H j . ! * ! 8 . f lg y or h jlh f ... 

1*7) Lincoln M a r k IV . fully rood ad *4**3 4 56 4 o 77 Orter 4 pm 
'74 L IN C O L N M A R K IV, looded, extra cteon, by ow ner 3)4 1871 
7 o M a rk III 
C le a n cond , rea l w a : I?.??? 
> 
IO M a r k t il h o r d t o p 
L e a d e d 
75.ooo m ite * 
*23*o best otter 
* * * IOO©___________________________ 
M a rk ill 7 o Low m iles, Beautiful 
_____ 
71 M A R K III, R e al nice, loaded m ust sell now! Desperate 
>275o 
>24 1 7 3 1 

74 M a rk IV all e xtras but moon root, clean n m 
828 4718 
7 2 M a rk IV , fully loade d V e ry cleon Can be seen at F a ir and So 
New H u m m e ls >4ooo 
__________ 
7 4 M A R K IV t i coo rn! E x iC U live equipped B y ow ner 4*4 1773 
7 4 M A R K IV One ow ner 27.888 m iles 828 4333 otter I 4*4 o1o? 

 lent condition, fa w n e r, 47,o8o m i 
4*4 )«*♦ 
73 toro n o d e , looded E x c e lle n t cond I ow ner. 47,ooo mi. *24*5. 
484 349* eve* 
--------- 74 T O R 6 N A D O -------------- looded >42oo 4*2 *48? 

741 PLYMOUTH 

'V T D u i T r h T g ! / . ' 
4 olm >14 o191 
74 b u sie r Auto Ort pow er vinyl top, new tires, exce llen t >24oo 
Aft > IO 474 7o*6, Peew ee 
H w r r r r s i H a u f o a ir 
>34 4262 
Atter 
$ 
T i 
S A C R IF IC E 

 if i m r r i R 'Ic y r 'sW Excelled 
*1o5o 331 *21* 
Y T B U m 
T T i w r m e c h a n ic a l condition *16o8 6S1-I171 i m ' f l o t T r r i Tr i o w m i b i .a h 
*23 47*6. *22 **1 1 
I F R L V U B U T h lo r o c u Y o . U t . owie 
. 

» 

 c o n v e n ie n tly 
AUTOMOBILE SHOWROOMS— 1221 BROADWAY 
223-4281 

DOWNTOWN: 
ENCLOSED TRUCK MALL— 1121 BROADWAY 
OPENUNTIL9 P.M 

O U I TO SMITH S M A TU R I 
PRICING 
POLICY, 
ALL 
P R ld S INCLUDE DESTINA­ 
TIO N 
CHARGE 
AND 
DEALER PREPARATION. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Saturday March 19 I 9 7 7 

M E S 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 7*3 AUTOMOBILES' 

WE'VE SLASHED 
PRICES AGAINI 

’7 7 NOVAS 
/2 -d o o r & 4 -d o o r 
2 -d o o r & 4 -d o o r Fvg 
’7 7 CHEVILLE 
MALIBU 
CLASSIC 4-D O O R SEDAN 

 f 
Tinted g lo ii, body *ide m olding*, air conditioning, 
^ remote control mirror, pow er b ra ke *, crune control, 3 o 5 
• 2 borrel V 8 engine, autom atic tran*m i»*ion, tilt w heel, pow er Peering, w heel cover*, rodial w h ite w a ll*, windshield 

 antenna a 7 7 o 5 8 9 

Tinted g!o*v body lids m olding*, air conditioning, power b rake*, 3 o 5 
2 borrel V 8 engine, autom atic tran*m i**ion, pow er steering, w heel cover*, w h ite w a ll*. AM 

 rodto it 7 7 o 7 o 6 

’77 NOVA 
2-DOOR COUPE 

Tinted gin**, body side m olding*, oir conditioning, power b ra ke *, 3 o 5 
2 barrel V 8 engine, auto m otif tran*m i**ion, power 
*teerinq, w heel 
V cover*, w hitew all*. A M radio 
\ a 7 7 o 4 3 o 
J 

’7 7 CHIVELLE MALIBU 
CLASSIC 2-D O O R COUPE 

Tinter) glass, body iid e m oldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 3 o 5 
2 barrel V 8 engine, autom atic transmission, tilt w heel, pow er steering, wheel rovers, radial w hitew alls wind k shield antenna 
*t 7 7 o 8 7 3 . j 

2-DOOR TO W N COUPE 

Tinted glass, wheel opening moldings, air con 

 ditioning, automatic transmission, pow er 

 steering, whitewalls, w indshield antenna, 

D ura Built 2 3 litre 2 barrel 14 engine 

»77o723 
*4315 
2-DOOR SPORT 
COUPE 

Tinted glass, roo) drip molr ngs, air con ditioning, sport mi ors, pow er 

 brakes, 3 o 5 
2 borrel V 8 engine, automatic transmission, w heel covers, 

 whitewalls, windshield antenna 

 st 77o897 
2-DOOR TO W N COUPE 

Tinted gloss, air conditioning, 3 o 5 • 

Borrel V 8 engine, automatic trons 

 mission, radial whitewalls, 

 windshield antenna 

’7 7 CAPRICE 
CLASSIC 
2-DOOR COUPE 
’7 7 IMPALA 
4-D O O R SEDAN 
Power door locks, tinted gloss, power windows, bodyside moldings, oir conditioning, remote control m ir­ ror, cruise control, 35o - 4 bor­ rel V-8 engine, automatic transmission, tilt w heel, 
» radial whiewolls, windshield atenno. 

# 7 7 o / 5 3 

Tinted gloss, roo) drip m oldings door edge 

 guards, air conditioning, rem ote control 

 mirror, 3 o 5 
2 borrel V 8 engine, rn 

 autom atic transmission, tilt steer- 
J 

 mg w heel, radial w hitew alls, A M 
I f l f l radio 
« 7 7 o 9 8 8 

 s t 77o992 
Low m ileage, a ir conditioned, automate transmission, w h ite in color, original condition. 

7 7 FLEETSIDE 
PICK-UPS 

Brand new autom atic, AM radio, re ar step bump pipes, 
E 7 o » l4 steel spoke w heels, t% custom trick point 
o 6 5 5 3 7 
4 
o 

4 o o V 8 engine, turbo hydrom atic, pow er 
S l e e t i n g , pow er brokes, air, fuel lank shield plo ie, A M rad io , on 

 and o h the road lites, buckskin custom vinyl bucket seat* 
M ony 

 other options a 7 7 5 4 6 3 
W j f U p 
Air, autom atic transmission, w hite stupe tin 

 chrome bund er guards, tear step bum pei, package, M ik ad o custom interior, sky blue 

 cloth interior 
S 6 5 6 7 o t 

 lis t price $ 4 8 9 3 3 5 
TO U t FPIC! 
* 

4 wheel drive, 4 o o V 8 engine, Cheyenne equipm ent, air, turbo hydrostatic, 31 gallon fuel tank, fuel tank skiO plates, com fort tilt steering w heel, pow er steering, A M 
TM , speciol 2 tone point, m ahogany 

 and host white, red custom vinyl in 
$ 4 Q | 
C L 

 tenor, ond m ore a 7 7 5 3 5 5 
O 
U 
4 
3 
4 5 4 V 8 engine, burns regular go* h eavy duty chassis, turbo H ydrostatic, pow er steering, oir, power window s, pow er door locks, steel belted 
<j. JC J * 

 rodial tires, mony other options, a 7 7 5 5 o 8 
A 
H 
B 
WW 
*77 SILVERADO 
Air, burns regular gas, short w heel bose, heavy 

 duty chassis, 
3 5 o 
V 8 , turbo hydrom atic, pow er ste'ing, A M radio, mony other options a 7 7 5 1 4 o w 
O 
— M 
*77 SCOTTSDALE CREW CAB 
3 5 o , 
V 8 . turbo, o.r, pow er steering, A M TM radio, sliding reor w indow , custom vinyl in 
<■ tenor, carpeting, compel special, mony other options a 7 7 I 7 o t m 
Cl L# 
’7 7 SILVERADO V* TON a. vs * 

 om otic, ow, locking d iffe re n tial, pow er steering, h e a v y d u ty pow er 
$ 4 L " o ' 4 5 R R ! i brokes, auxiliary tonks, AM TM, mony other options a 7 7 5 o 3 I 
W t Jm SUD 
*77 SCOTTSDALE 
3 5 o V 8 engine, 4 speed stick shift, ow, pow er steering, h eavyd u ty pow er brokes, auxiliary tonks, 
AM radio, 
<, p p jm J - 

 camper special, mony other options 
B 7 7 5 3 o 4 
W 
V 
4 
B 
*77 SILVERADO 
3 o 5 V S engine, turiso k y d r a e r A t, power steering, 

 pow er brokes, speed ond cruise control, ow, sliding tear w indow , 
V J I 

 rally w h eel*, A M radio, m ony Other OI ion* 
U 7 7 5 2 o 5 
AA I 
’7 7 CHEVROLET SPORT SPECIAL EDITION 
Heovy duty chassis, burns regular gas, 3 5 o V 8 engine, turbo h y d iu m o tit, a ir, aux 

 thewy fuel tonks. pow er steering, style w heels, (sower w indow * and 
S A L 4 6 4 % door locks, 1 7 8 x 1 5 tires, solid W ork, mony other option* a 7 7 2 o 2 
C R * 
Jm 

DEMONSTRATORS 

3 5 o V 8 engine, turbo hydrom atic, heavy duty chasse, burns regular gas, air, pow er steering, rally wheels, AM TM , Stereo radio, power windows, power door locks, tool box, s 7 7 5 2 6 1 
- 
_ 
_ 
- — 

Air conditioned, automatic, 
M ikado custom interior, whitewall tires, rear step bum pei, white, t i 6 5 4 7 3 
~ 
_ _ 

3 o 5 V 8 engine, turbo hydrom atic, power steering, air, AM radio, vinyl roof, m any other options. s t 7 7 5 3 8 4 ^ 
— 

3 5 o V B engine. ow, pow er w indow s, pow er 

 door lock*, e tu i** control, pow er je e rin g , 
A M EM radio, rally w heel*, orange metallic 

 in color, mony other 
o m 
R - option* a 775 o 4 4 
XT mP 

3 5 o V 8 engine, turbo hydrom atic, pow er b ro k e*, pow er le e rin g , air, *teel belted tire *, tpeciol tw o tone p ain t, mony other option* tt 775 4 o 4 
* 6 4 o o 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Satu rd ay M arch 19 1977 
COLORFUL FUTURE 

( ontinind from Page I 

 back to ltlo*), tin- favorite color in tho auto industry was — you guessed it — light blue. So you sec definite color preference cycles not only company to company, bul throughout the industry as well 
“ In the early Utah's the most popular color was still black. Then in the late atis, 
I mids and early TIK other colors besides blue were unite popular, includim: boites and golds, rods and maroons and greens 
“ This year. the Chevrolet Corvette reintroduced black to the line for the first time in many years. Black is becoming more and more popular in smaller cars and is showing .strength iii the van. mini truck and pickup markets, One of our most visually exciting 77 Caprice models has a black exterior, gold side stripe, silver wheel covers and a beige interior." 
Moon added. 
Where do color stylists get their ideas? 
Listen to people 

“ We listen to a lot of people." Moon said. "paint experts/fashion designers, textile makers, and even our own Chev­ rolet dealers — very im portant links between tis and those who buy our pro­ ducts. 
“ One year we decided to elim in ate greens from color charts. But iii our first color review with dealers, we were told 

AUTOMOTJVt DISMAY 

 that green was a favorite of the nation's fleet buyers. Although it was only a three per cent color to us, it represented a great many potential car sales to our dealers 
The point reinforced a lesson we had once learned and forgotten — that the automobile market is highly diversified, and that a great variety of color tastes and needs must constantly be kept iii mind bv the color sty list 

Im portant source 
^ cording lo Moon, the nation's fashion industry has been an important source of color expertise as well. 
At a New York fashion show several years ago. we were greatly im pressed vv ii Ii a new line of color fashions featuring the maroon family. called ‘auburglne.* 
"W e bought an auburgine sport jacket. brought it home and developed several car interiors around it 
Besides being very popular, it alm ost becam e the number one car interior color that year." 
Another area offering great possibilities is interior fabric design for passenger cars. 
“ The bold, new geom etric patterns used iii the seat fabric of the 1977 Chev­ rolet ('hevette Sandpiper model is one of the more recent developm ents.'' Moon said 
"The new computerized fabric dyeing 

A U T O M O riv i OI AP! AY 

 technique developed by a South ( arolina firm is another. The process actually prints a design on raised fabric using hundreds of dye jots. The computer-con­ trolled jets place the dye in proper amounts deep down to the base of the fabric, resulting in a rich, colorful and textured finish. 
Less expensive 
"The new process is less expensive than the .lacquard-loom method, less tim e­ consuming and can print a complex de­ sign on any raised fabric without com­ pressing it," Moon said 
"The entire area of color painting and color fabric usage is exciting. We are on the threshold of revolutionary develop­ ments i i i this area." 
Keams of information 

SPACIAL TO THC f XPKtSS Nf WS 
DKTKOIT — The mushrooming paper mill arouses Chrysler s environmental vice president Sydney L. Terry. Environ­ ment Protection Agency regulations for emission level certification ran 14o pages in 1972 and Chryslers application totaled 
774 pages. EPA added 5(1 pages of regu­ lations and 167 pages of ancillary data by 
1975 Corporate response required 8.75K pages. In terms of cost. Chrysler’s ex­ penses were $2o million in 1972: $45 mil­ lion i i i 1975. 

AUTO TALK 

G E O R G E M O O N , standing behind color panels, points to the tone-on-tone color separation at the beltline of 1977 Chev­ rolet Caprice Classic sedan 

A O TO M O T'V * DISPLAY 

Continued from Page I 

 power windows, power seats, cruise con­ trol. AM/EM 8-track stereo, tilt steering wheel, electric sun roof and goodness knows what else, and still give 2o miles per gallon in city driving and 25 on the highway. 
And, oh yes, you would like to pay about 
$5 non for the car. certainly no more than 
$5,5oo 
Friends and neighbors, there ain t no such animal 

Compromise 

 lf you are buying a new car today — with one eye on the future and the other on your bank account — get ready to com­ promise. 
If you want top gas mileage, you can have it. lf you want a luxury automobile. von can have it If you want a big car. you can have it. If you want a small car. you can have it. But you can't have them all in one car. 
Cheaper 
There are some very good compromises on the showroom floors today, cars that will give better mileage than those you could buy two or three years ago, and like almost everything else they cost more than they did two or three years ago. 
I don't know when, if ever, gasoline will 

A U T O M O T iy* DISPLAY 

 reach 85 cents a gallon Even if it does. that will be a lot cheaper than most of the world can buy it, if that makes you feel anv better. 
. . . 
What I ani trying to say is that I don t know what is the best new ear for you to buy. I don't know what the conditions will be three, four or even five years from now when you will still be driving the new car you buy this year. 

What I do know is that people who come to me for advice don't want to hear what I tell them, don’t pay much attention any­ way and generally are disappointed that 
I can't tell them where to buy the above mentioned dream car. 

Surprised at quality 

I have talked with people who have bought new cars iii the past few months and most of them — and I do mean most of them — are pleased and surprised with the quality and performance of their new cars. lf you want to buy a new car, and you find one you like and can afford, buy it. 
If the price of gasoline has you worried, the Federal Energy Administration pub­ lishes a gas mileage guide that will give you tho Environmental Protection Agency ratings for all cars sold in the U. S.. 
For your guide write to Fuel Economy, 
Pueblo, Colo. 81oo9. 

* AUTOAIOTivl^OISPLAY 

.HMH 
I ii itl l alii 
A VW1,1 ic ii id 
„ ~uwintr,,r/i w m m a m sa a m im 

1976 MUSTANG 
$ 

2 + 
2 
#5736 

1977 F-1oo 
#1o47 

1977 GRANADA 
2 DR. it 1116 

ON MAIN 
STREET 

1977 LTD 
2 DR. 
#1131 

1976 GRAN TORINO 
DEMO. LOADED 
#S9oo 

3599 
4296 
4272 

DIRECT S.A. LINE 
227-o86o 

5496 
467o 

 w r rn 
-ii. j i - w i ' • i^ntiii. .•huh*Hum: rn ' 
. . t s v x , 
.u t‘.bt# sVAPMw f."w a rm ""1! * • *< 
• * 

© 
W 
H 
E R E Y 
O 
U 

C 
A 
N 
B 
U 
Y 

UTLASS SUPREME 
ST. PATRICK'S DAY SPECIAL 
WHITE TRIMMED IN GREEN ★ LOADED 
*4555 
■ 
- Budge* = 
...... - 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

In San A n to n io see D o n H am , Fleet M a n a g e r 

GRAND PRIX 
ST. PATRICK'S DAY SPECIAL 
CREEN TRIMMED N WHITE - LOADED 
*5444 

* 

3 3 8 N .I . L O O P 4 1 o 

S II: D O N H A M , FLEET M A N A G E R 
S A N A N T O N I O , T X 

3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

MARCH USED 
CAR SPECIALS 

‘5o9o 
76 MERCURY bniou Ytnyl roof, AM IM lop*, outomotK. power sleeting, power brake), arr, I owner.................................................. 

»7C CADO ,fcfd ioW*' k,ndou ,m'rl 
/ J Y U K I/ roof, ok power and ort, (ally boded, , , . n n 
AM IM stereo................................................... O/YU 

, . . . l i r w u Vega GT station wagon Itown, 

1 4 C H E V Y AM IM tope, Candor(C 4 cylinder, an luggage rack............................................ I O YU 

CLI IXC 'O'*"o# GoW' 9°lf vmd ,#P- o,1 LA Q C IS 
73 OLDS power and OH fully loaded 
'285o 

7 3 PONTIAC te automatic, 6 cylinder .‘“ '•I 89o 

•72 PINTO 2 r - X , “ '.:T ..r ,'.'139o 

, _ • 
(utkm 
(learn, brown vinyl roof. 
7 3 U L U ) radio, automatic, an, power steering, . 4 A A A power broke)................................................ /W U 

7 S DATSUN 8-21o i S j .£!!£: dard low mdeoge I owner................................ / J YU 

IW C U c o n ID V 
« 4 o«‘•don, Olton, 

I J M t n v U K I green vinyl top, fully boded. all power ond arr, vpeed control, I owner 
*389o 

1974 CHRYSLER 

Hew forker, 
J door liougtiom, on power, fully equipped, titre (loon 
*3695 
o.R. MITCHELL 
Chry Lier/Ply mouth 
/SOO Broudway 
I? ? 3341 

741 PLYMOUTH 

74 PL V MOU TM CUO * Power, i aute . arr, v in y l tap 
M achete, , ransom. AM P M tapedeck. rally wheel) 
E « ceilent cond 
5299$ 
*55 3955 
I 
/) Plym outh F u ry III 4 d eer, 
•ully loaded 
51o95 
After 
A: teens* 
— T PlV M U fk FdfcV ut— 
M echanic) special *22 MS* 

I i P L Y M O U T H O ra n F u r y , 
2 door h ard to p , v t, auto a ir , pawer steerin g am (rn, speed control 
M itre nice car 52*75 
Leon, ell UU 

Plym outh Mofeh'batk elan' dard, a ir, 14 21 mpg 522*5 ar reavonoDle atter ASI 37/2 l i t ) Plym outh Satellite lo u p e 
Like new Autom atic, air condi ironed pow er steering, p ow er b rak es, tinted g lass i l l . V I. 
SI St) Call anytime /JA AMI 

 l e g AA A D I/ I U * h"*' 
“ " f 1 ,#* ,U,,y 
/ J fe lA K K IV boded, oil power and oh, AM fM storeo, speed control, bother interior........... 4 Y Y U 

. . . . line light blue, blue vinyl top, oil < I M AA 
75 FORD pow., end OH IO OOO nub) 
... .*439o 

 rrsn rs (nonodo I door, tan brown vinyl top, 
J o r U K U AM IM stereo, stonduid, power steer mg, power brokes, i cylinder, oh. bw mileage, I so 7 o o owner,,,,..................................... ......... 3 / Y U 

 r U C U V Mon,>’ mo,oon block vinyl 
73 CHEVY top AM fM tope, automatic, power steering, power Brokes, o h............................. 3 I Y U 

, —, o i « |f ii Begot I door, silver, silver landau 
/ o B U IC K vinyl top, red inlet tor, AM IM sttroo, SA TClX automata, power steering, power brakes, oh 
4 7 Y U 

7 2 OLDS 
‘ W O 

7 6 PONTIAC ^ ‘,,,’f r j C : ? " “ .'3o9o 

 t i i r c r v r s / t r Asp*" Special Edition 4 doer sedan, 
7 o D O U G E green, white vinyl top, AM IM stereo, automatic, power steering, power brakes, 
$a c o n rn, twin comfort soot.................................... 
4 3 Y U 

 l e i m o r t / I D A 
,,d ton{klu •"’Y1 ,oP' 
/ O C U K U U H A AM FM tope, automatic, pew or steering, power brakes, oh, I owner.................... 4 Y Y U 

Our Goal? “No 

 s. Unhappy O w ittrt'' 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 
( I Blk Moi th of Iwop 41o) 

341 - ti 841 

T T F T T ia W t 'H h o l l a n d ; yl au to, p o w e r a ir , A M P M ra d io s to oui, milos 
128-45o1 
........... 741 PIYM8UTH 

71 Plym outh Wagon I Seat, aa to . sow er, a ir, AM F M 51**5 
22o2745, 124 7AA3 cb R O A O R U N N f i, runs g a o l, 
15*5 4/4-74*2 

M 
111 Clean1 AAS DOS 
77 V O LA R I W AGON, new condi lion take over paym ents, MOO tautly 447 2467 eves 

ANNUAL SPRING SALE 
EVERY CAR DISCOUNTED *3oo TO *8oo DURING THIS SALE 

12 M ONYHS OR 12,ooo M ILES 
M ECHANICAL IN SURA N C E C O V ERA G E 
A VA ILA BLE ON MOSY 

REMEMBER, IF YOU DON’T BUY 
YOUR 
CAR 
FROM TINDALL & 
SON PONTIAC, YOU’LL PAY TOO 
MUCH 

FISHING AND 

HUNTERS SPECIAL 

68 GNK 4- Mf HEEL 
Drive Pickup. JUST 
*1 2 8 8 

RANCHERS 

SPECIAL 

75 FORD 
Sypor (ab Uh* now 
*3888 

TODAYS 
BEST BUY 

'76 GRAND PRIX 

Like New. JUST 

M 
2 8 
8 . 

SCHOOL 
SPECIAL 
7 6 VOLKSWAGEN 

Hobbit, radio, hoofer, on. AM EM. JUST 
*2788. 

U R G E 

(A M IT SPECIAL 
’73 CUTLASS 
Vista 
Cruiser station wagon, 9 passenger. JUSTj 

' 2 5 8 8 , 

CHECK THESE CARS AND PRICES 

’ 7 5 Lo M A N S STLSTX&'t '~4*d/ 
* 3 3 8 8 
* 3 3 8 8 
* 4 7 8 8 
’ 7 2 CUTLASS 
4:door . T f ? : ................... * 1 9 8 8 
' 7 2 S K Y LA R K lo#ed! 
* 1 8 8 8 
’ 7 3 CUTLASS S rS S ' 7 do°' * 'd'°P '°od#d............* 2 5 8 8 
’ 7 3 CA TA LIN A coDd!Hofi . , . . , *ho" room.................* 1 7 8 8 
’ 7 4 FORD (K*rt«l . 4do,r ,ood*d ..............................* 2 2 8 8 
’ 7 4 GRANDVILLE dowi, cruiMI control. JlloOO mile!, ,3 ~ 

* 2 7 8 8 

’ 7 5 G R A N A D A k>od*d '°w 
’ 7 6 M O N TE CAR LO 

J O I e n g in e , only 
34.ooo 
'7 4 M AVER ICK X teowTr mlto*. JUST............................... . ................................. 
}•« a n a A ifk d d * w fully loodtdi AM /PM iFfff© witfi 
7 3 W K A N D ^ ” 1 A ta p rn, power windows, power q q st ••/ma cruise control. w hit* on white. JUST, . . . . . . . . . a / O O 
, . . /kr» a a i a i x a Ohio Sport Coupe, fully iooded, 3o2 sal c o o 
7 6 G R A N A D A engine. drlvon only I J,OOO mite.. JUST 
4 J 8 8 ae* • c s shoe 
2-deer he rd top, Tully loeded. Idee t * I O Q Q 
7 5 E L IT E new. JUST........................................................... 
3 V o o 
’ 7 5 G R A N D PRIX V S H .'"4*4'. "hP. "*w/............... * 3 9 8 8 
’ 7 5 IM PA LA thowrwom^cwedltton* J^l’sY' . I*!*!*. .I*.".-."4! . ‘ 3 7 8 8 

’ 7 5 CUTLASS S 
M ooo..........* 3 9 8 8 
' 7 6 G R AN D PRIX U window., power steering, irw- t , . n a 

Im control, UST NKW $ 8*1 3 , W O W ................................. 
M 
B B 
’7 7 LUXURY 9*S S )n‘n>ii.V.dl>JJT.K* r4,op' .,v' ' y '* * d * d '. ‘ 5 4 8 8 
’7 o OLDSMOBILE 9 8 I t T i i k ^ n n w p .4, oo° . . ‘ 2 8 8 8 
’ 7 3 CHRYSLER I Z Z T t ir Z Z 't it r 'T r . 
* 2 4 8 8 
’7 2 CUTLASS S 
J 
R 
M,rd,op.................. * 1 9 8 8 
’ 7 3 CATALIN A t C T S T . 
Wo9°"'. 41ooo 
* 1 9 8 8 
’ 7 4 CAPRI 
* 2 8 8 8 
’ 7 3 EL D O R A D O j u s t ......................................................... * 2 9 8 8 
’7 3 TO R O N A D O j u s t ................................................. * 2 3 8 8 
’ 7 5 TRANS A M u'Xoo^it?..'"ju st.” o 45o 
* 5 2 8 8 
’ 7 5 GRANDVILLE tE B S fik rV lT . hP,d,op M 'r ‘4 1 8 8 
’ 7 3 BUICK Ibsf 

Eloctra 33S, 4 -door hardtop 
* 2 2 8 8 
. -rn M ia«|| livlora, fully toodod, I tho now, 34,ooo m A O O 
7 4 B U I C K mMe., JUST......................................................... 
3 V O O 
’ 7 2 M ONTE CA R LO mfc./wsf , 41 ooo.............. * 2 5 8 8 

M oneymaker 
75 FORD 

I Ton dump truck, 

 toody to work 
*3588. 

FOR DAUGHTER 
’72 FIREBIRD 

Espnte, like new, 

35,ooo mibs 
*2588, 

VACATION 

 sp e c ia l 

76 OLDSMOBILE 
Cutten 
Sum*" e pei*f>(U< uetwf mew. 
9ml mwefi MSI 
,*4988. 

SPORTS CAR 
’76 TRANS AM 

UKE NEW 

*5588 

VAN LOVERS 
7o DODGE 

Window Von, Ex- celbnt JUST 
‘ 1588, 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo San Pedro ★ Open Eveninqs ★ 736“ I 363 

OUR I st INVENTORY 
REDUCTION SALE of 1977 

ALL CARS SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCED! 
★ CHRYSLERS ★ PLYMOUTHS 
Yr VOLARES and it ARROWS 
With Prices Starting As Low As . . . 

 e SPECIAL • 
FREE I 977 LICENSE PLATES 
ON ANY NEW MODEL SOLD DURING THE MONTH OF MARCH! 

“ W e ’re The Dealer That M a k e s The Price R ig h t" 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“ The Dealer That Tells It Uke It Is” 
28oo BROADWAY 
(Across From B rack on ridgo Park) 

O P IN 
EVENINGS 

 ft 

LUXURY CAR SPECIALS 
7 4 LINCOLN I ^ s T ............. '4995 
75 FORD LTD 
‘4295 
7 6 LINCOLN 
Town Cdf, creom, 21,ooo mibs. like new. #125 
’76 MARK IV 
Sn 
’ 1o,25o 
'75 MARK IV . ii 
.Tf:*8995 
Gob, luxury group, looded, 
<Fl 
74 MARK IV 
4o.ooo miles #136 excelbnt condition. 
‘6995 
7 3 MARK IV K m j 6 
1 
9 
5 
7 6 CADILLAC S t # ff 
. ^ . ‘8695 
7 3 MARK IV S7iVun^ bwm,,T :..‘5895 
7 4 PONTIAC K & f t i w ? 
*3195 
7 4 OLDSMOBILE 98 
‘4195 
7 3 CHEVROLET 5 S C. T 
‘2495 
SMALL CARS 
Granada, sihror, boded 
#134 ................................ 

73 PONTIAC 
Luxury LdMane 4 Door 
Automatic, Alf, Po war 
*2795 

Call: Louis Garcia 
NORTHWOOD 
P O H S C H E - A U D I 
1 3 2 6 N .I. LO O P 4 1 o 

M 2 4 - 3 2 1 4 

742 PONTIAC 

PONTIAC 

47 OTO 4oo engine, e speed, call 
474-1541 
4* CtO Excellent interior, motor, lire), needs transmission wark 
I 544 4*37 ii Le'Mons 2 dr hordtop, good land, 51*5o 4 54 4 77o otter 4 TO 
7S LeM ans"I dr fioht green 
14,ooo mites 51*oo 342 OO 11 ti Leeton ” 4o6d tondilioniefic att 5 He 73o5 *74 tm 
Ti l ^ M fWTT sp .-^"stgTdo Id low mi clean Big John, 234 o2*1 t i L E M A b s iao 'ris caup* 

1973 MARK IV 

Air, po war, folly equip pad, bk* new. 
*4495 

O.R. MITCHELL 
Chryslor/Plymouth 

/BOO Bi odd way 
822 3341 

'76 FORD i m ' ” 
'” 
............‘44951o 
7 5 FORD ts ? e ir : ..,. 4r: .......... ‘4195 o 
'76 MC MIDGET 
..‘3495 A 
’76 CAPRI ll S T e n '? .4'"’ ........‘3895 V 
’76 MONARCH ?m 'X S’mV"™”?.‘4495 P . 
•74 CAPRI im ? . 
” ........ ‘2995 A 
’75 MONARCH 
“ ....... ‘3795 / 
'75 MONARCH !.w 
.......‘3795 V . 
’77 COUGAR XR-7 S in oo#” !” :. .‘3495 A 
' n pontiac IST.ST':."*"............‘2995 / 

I ICE TRUCKS & CQMMERGIAt 
TRAILERS. MKS 

742 POM I ILC 

H i l t r n * ’ m i n i , kb 

Loaded, term s available. M i o412 
T F if A YA I IN A cdooi power, air, 
57.ooo mile*, excellent condition, extra clean m oi, *je use 

•71 F IR E B IR D F O R M U L A 25o 
4 sa , all extras. 24,ooo tnt., car 
. fu lly m a in ta in e d , see to ap predate 545*5 4o4 15/2 
'n H m W O C i new— 
7247 W U R Z B A C H r h 1)11 i t k,7'et"ird"new lire*, 'h o , J 'f l speed, runs aoad, good condition 
47) 5112 
*» F IR E B I R D standard 35o hp. 
AM PM tap e d e c k ; new paint, shag carpet and upholstery; vinyl tap J44 o423 
For Sale ' i i V E N T U R A , V I, oui#, chrome wheels, power steering, 
53ooo 4M 4534 or 4M 75t7 
■/TSfonTYT;-* SI nu pawer steering and b ra k e s , arr, new tires and shocks Excellent condi lion 54o56 45* 7547 

’ 74 GRANDVILLE CONV 
Loaded! Fxcetlenf condition I 
542oo 341 742o 
’/5 O ran Prix i i 
Fully lauded 
554oo 4o4 32*3 evenings 
'75 G ra il P r ix 
R e a lly lo ad ed ' 
Sunroof, p ow er seals, windows 
AM F M 8 track plus l l ether op lions 
W ay under 
Book price 
454-1914. 

W hite 523oo or best otter, M r 
742 PONTIAC 
75 L e M e n s S p o rt I h u r d la p 
— .... 
' -1 ..... — - 
224 4954,236 2o21 

■77 LEAMAN! Vi. auto , air, power pontiac LeM ans 2 ao«r hard- ! steering, power disc. am Im coo- top V-6, automatic power, factory sette 4.ooo mr Lis t 
55B53, sell air, JI license 
Like new 51)95 
54*oo 455 <595 otter 6 
Witt trade 923 3oo3 l l ] Luxury LaM ans 2 daer hard- *73 F antiae LeMans Original mini lop *3* 4355 atter I 494 o3o) 
1973 P o n lia c C a ta lin a 4 door. loaded Engine and body tx ce l lent condition M f 7497 atter 4. 
II Pontiac iatoiniu V t, automa tic, power, factory air. new radial tires. ‘77 license t ic ratio n ally clean 51795 Will trade 923 2**3 

 condition 51777 full price 435 1441 
I i Pontiac Wodan 5176o <!i*an. one owner Loaded *35 1441 

73 COUGAR XR-7 

Automatic, 
Air, 
Power 
*3195 

Call: Louis G arcia 
NORTHWOOD 

P O f t f t C M K - A U D I , 

1 3 3 6 N .K . L O O P 4 T o 
•14-3214 

Assume Paym ents, na eaurtv, '74 
FO R O P IC K U P , call BIM 532 5421 

 aula. pawer, 
•2M3SS after 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
1 743 mSCELIAMEDR AUTOS 

AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C I N G 

7 5 PONTIAC 

CATALINA 2 DOOR COUPE 
Sh o w ro o m c o n d itio n , tu lle equipped Being transferred 
O N LY 53)95 
435 o434 Eves 

 f t Pontiac O ran P r i x V L * u u tomatic. power tactery air, AM 
F M stereo lop e, t a c la r v m ag wheels, an* owner low rnileaae 
• ll license Like new 53*95 W ill trode 923 2**3 
| 
'7o Pontiac 6 (O hardtop Leaded 
Motor lust overhauled 5t2*5 best 
9,Her 456 1o69 
____________ 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY 

227 5o41_ _ _ _ ta k e over paym ent* on " I) Pan nae I aeor Venture Na equity 
Colt (34-Oft* ask tor Fred, atter , 
^*2 

743 MISCELLAWEoU8 AUIO^ 

T R A D E W IN D S Auto Soles 
*Wfc F IN A N C E * 
J MSJ SW MILITARY 
*22 27*3 

IAE B U Y SE LL 

U S E D C A R S ANO T R U C K S | | 

K I N N E Y M O T O R S 

I t B R O A D W A Y 
*3* 221) 

746 TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TflAILFRS. BUSES 
— 
— 

N E W and U S E D 
TRU CK P A R T S 

1614 R O O S E V E L T 
533 51o1 

— R n wgigwitE'tRuein — 
• 14 p r o b a n o t 
224 2131 

------- A « M V 'Yfeb<!KS------- 
Sales Ports Service 
Broubach Equipment, 734-145* 

 en 548/s eves MT 1855 
~?T*6 r an t o~4 W 6 very clean 
' I 694 o3o3__________ 
Bus 56 passenger body, ond new lire* 
5225o 
424-271* 
" r i w u w m t u k k iA L ir 
I 
Distributors Century Wreckers 
I 146) NO ALAMO 
225 4144 i 4l * H K V I l L"I w recked 
1?T 
] ports 623 o792; 455 7*45 att 7 p- 
; I ) "Chevrolet pickup V I, aulu mu 
I tic, power, tactery arr, '77 license, i exit a clean 
51)95 
Will trade 
*2)3*4) 
1*47 C H t V # 6 lIY ti Ion plct^; 
I (24-9545, 696 *654 
T i — 
<ThTW — t WI V I W tJT 
Pickup lion loaded Cam per shell, like new, 54256 342 3*27 i i Chevy Cheyenne IW B ',151 pickup Loaded 5245o 525 1)7o l l Chevy Cheyenne ’ > hni'aicfcup 
L WB power, oir, VI, aute Uresti deluxe camper shell Looks and runs real good By awner 5255o 
■ ^ ^ ■ 1 )73 o1(9 
S*bmH»; 
. yy Cl 
*d‘ o24 9565. 496 oo54 

•74 C H E V Y C IO 
'lien, toke over payments, call 
Credit Manager, M* 694* 

DEVINE FORD 

HAS M A D I A SPIC IA L PU R C H A SI O I 

FORD CARS & YRUCKS 

CONVOYS ARE COMING! 

ALL M IW CARS A TRUCKS IN STO CK WILL BI SOLO • 
AT INVOICE -I- $5o. 

THIS W I H I N D O N LY— SA V U S A V U SA V U 
DEVINE FORD, INC. 

D IV IN I IX . ( l | 6 .3 21/6 
S.A. Ik o n . 

A 
I 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS A B S 
2 U N H $ y 
-,SSBB?“ 2 2 5 .1 6 6 6 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . IO™* 
. . ' S 
K 
S 
™ 
Q 
U 

/46 
TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 746 
TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 746 • TRUCKS & COMMERCE"746 - TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS, BUSES 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
TRAILERS BUSES 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

SPRING TIME 
BONANZA SALE 

> 
F 
R 
E 
E 
! 
! fj 
WINNEBAGO CUSTOM 
FIBERGLASS CAMPER COVER 

•’ ' s-C- 'I 'J 4 v 
; 
^ '?•?’ •, 
. 
, 
- Y:V \ *' W S '■ 
'■ -J 
; • 
‘ •' 
S u p e r T o ug h , s u p e r g o o d l o o k i n g — r o c k s w o n ' t n i t k it, b r o n c h e s 

 w o n ' t sc r a t c h i t ; it n e v e r n e e d s w a x i n g or p a i n t i n g 
I t m a k e s a 

 p i c k u p m u c h m o r e t h a n a t r u c k . 

746 
TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 746 • TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
HUMUS. BIIS(S 
T H U M . WISES 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y M a r c h 1 9 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
7 - F 

GOES r n 
ON LESS1 
HIEL OTI 
WATER. 

B K M o m W M H W 
H I M 
3o? MOTOR HOWS SOUS SHIT 
8oS MOrpH HOMES SHIES RfMT 
S M 888TS. WOTDRS 

USED 24’ WINNEBAGO 
CHIEFTAN MOTOR HOME 

O n * o w n e r — lo w m ile a g e • 
M in * Cbndrtion , 

V r 
' 

BAR BOB i e * 

• Oodg* chasm 
• j 8" * ~ 
• h w « Peeving 
• Twm W ane be»W. 
• P«w« bot** 
• * 6unft» 
• CuiomolK T-a«.nm .o« 
• Bec a. butane ■•frwwatw 
. 
; 

 dual reon 
« } « 
, borage batter.ee 
• luggage rock 
.. 
• 7 fuel look. 
• Harte, nttch 
# large water 
• AM FM Here# «y>, «"' 
« lo r j* balding lofik f 
• lope o*<k 
• Nanty ft borage *PO<« 
• Ct 'od* 
• Vaporer! wha wa* and t i 
• Double ca-pdat taal 
A TV amarna 

• 
- ' V 
•• 
5 

 c 

• Ona* S OOO tow ar plan! 
• I M w ito>apa b a tla n *! 
• J Taal lanki 
• large * « l a * i p l w . 
• large bottling lank * 
• Monty pi no.aga *po«a 
• Sa po. aft chewer and remmade 
A TV emanna 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

9 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 - 5 o 4 1 
E 

F 
R 
E 
E 
! 
! 

£ 

'77 GMO Vt tan L.W.B.— $3o95 
TINDALL and SON PoNTIACoMC 

3 9 o o S a n P e d r o 
7 3 6 - 1 5 6 1 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 
BOI - CAMPERS TRAILERS 

FARGO COLOR KEYED FIBERGLASS CAMPER 
(Y O U R C H O IC E ! 
7 7 SPECIAL 

WINNEBAGO! 
LONG WHEEL BASE FLEETSIDE 

* 
GVW MSO Pounds 
* 
All Weather Air Conditioning 
* 
Power Steering 
* 
Burns Any Kind of Got 
* Combination Domo-Cargo lamp 
* 
Metal Whoel (overs 
* 
2-Ton* Point Delux 
* LL Exterior Mirror 
* 
Headlamp Warning Butler e 
Scottsdale Equipment (Sonoma) 
* Heavy Duty Front-Rear Shocks 
A 
Heinie Clock 
* 
Buckskin Knit Vinyl Bency 
* Front Srabiliitr Bar 
A 
Windshield Antenna 
* 
F44-HD Chassis w V 8 Engine 35o CID 4BBI 
A 
Chromed Grille 
* 
Tinted Glass All 
A Turbo Hydro Transmission 
A 
IZB-1S Tubeless Whitewalls 
* 
Keyed Floor Mott 
A Auxiliary Fuel Tank 
A 
Chrome Front Bumper 
* 
Door Edge Guards 
A Tilt Stirring Whoel 
A 
Folding Soot Backs 

* Carpet 
* All Moulding! 

LIST PR IC E $ 6 9 o 3 .7 o 
PRICE 
$593o 
LESS B O N A N Z A D IS C O U N T ’ 9 7 3 .7 o SALE 
•Prices o f o th e r tru cks In stock, v a ry a c c o rd in g to o p tio n a l equipm ent. 
SHORT WHEEL BASE PICKUPS IN STOCK 

• FORD TRUCKS • 
1968 FORD 

1 9 7 o 1.H.C. 

1969 FORD 
1971 FORD 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORD 
TRUCK CENTER 

(J) WT-9oooo, Tandem distal trac­ tors, 35o Cummins, 1o-iptad Rood 
Hangar, slapper tab. 

F-2oooD, Tandem diesel tractor, 
2So 
Cummins, 
1o-spoad 
Road 
Hangar. 

o 4 o o o Tondem distal tractor, 
225 CAT, 1o-speed Raadrangar 

C-6oo, 391 V S angina, 5-speed. 2 speed roar aile, tang, wheel bas*. 

 cCall I 

4721 W . Commerce at General McMullen 
CLARKSON or WALLY HENDERSON • 435-4o7 I 

'73 FO RD »a ton, 4-speed, 525oo col) Jim, eel CSII________________ 
74 F ord 1 jto n , Std , flood cont/" 
4o ooo m l big 6 52395 444 8 1 at 
61 FO R D V AN 
6 CVI sta n d a rd . S4oo 977 8641 

.U T IL IT Y T R A IL E R 
8 * 4’ wide. 
. ID S or best airer 636 6374 ewes | 
VAN 1973 DO DG E 
VAN 197J FO R D 
VAN 1972 C H E V Y 
6831 S FLO R E S 

STASO 
$195o lie s * 
933 431t 

 y a rn o tta M X HIO a i s h o p e , $2oo. 
A fte r «. 333 o338__________________ 
Y a m a h a IOO M X . G oo d c o n d , b u m p e r b u m p e rs, B e ll S ta r h e l­ m et $3oo 493 18$) O ft 4 
71 Yam aha OHO 73o 927 r e t 3. 7 i to 3, o tk tor R obert 
77 Y A M A H A R D 4oo Best oH er, m ust sell! G olden , days 671 7o67. 
, I 73 Y a m o h o R D 2 o o . $375 
7 5 
J Yam aha RD15o. $62$, '71 D T I 75o cc. $35o; 658 o1oo a tte r 5: M on i th ru ' F ri 
75 Yam aha YZ 25oB 
$47S Call 
638 1617 O f 638 9736 
| 

75o WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 

TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

Buy Junk Cars Iran Etc narco 927 I H I 633 3o3o 

CAIL ME FIRST 
L o tt titles no p ro b le m 
TOP CASH fo r Ju nk C ars 
I ______________923 4422 
_________ 
I Cash tor clean c a r* ond tru c k s 
L a rry Cannon A uto Sales 
563o Son Pedro__________ 828 6353 
F & R F A S T CASH! We ll buy yo ur 
I co r won or tru c k R unnm a o r not j 971 8661 
________________________ 
F o r FAST CASH w ill b u y y o u r 
I C or, Vons, or T ru c k s R u nn in g or lo o t 922 8661 

ROADRUNNER 

TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 

H I-L O TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

SPROUTER TRAILERS 

493o RIGSBY 648 oo6o 

 m o t o r h o m e s 
Exclusive Franchised Dealer tor. x p l o r e r t r a v e l q u e e n 
KINGS H IG H W A Y, K E Y S TO N E 
142o SO 
PADRE ISLA N D DR St 
CORPUS C H R IS TI 
Tx 
78413 
Beautiful 73 
Jam boree on 1974 
Dodge 36o chassis, only 34.ooo mi 
Beds for 6 adults, fully air condi 
H oned ond self c o n ta in e d yet drives like a sedan, $1o,3oo firm , 
49o-9521__________________________ 
By O w n e r, 1976 A pollo m o to r home, 3o', center bath, excellent cond 
Cost $37,ooo- sale p ric e 
331.5oo Reason tor selling p u r­ chasing 1977 Apollo 33' I 625 $343 
Office 1-613 9619 9 to 4pm, 3 doys 
By Owner 
'76 GMC Eleqonro ll, 
6.ooo m ile s , 6 m o w a r r a n ty , showroom new, m any extras 
342 6o91_________________________ 
24' Cham pion M otor H om e 
69 I 
F o rd tru c k chassis 
E x c e lle n t I cond. Fully contained 24,ooo nu. 
Sleeps 6 $6,7oo 921 9243_________ 
197J, 25* Coachmen motor home 
Air. power plant New tires Low miles Cleon 684 o423. 924 8336 __ 

14~*L O M M A N D E R 22' D o d g e 
Chassis, fully loaded E xcellen t condition 
E xcellen t floor plan, low m r $11, SOO 656-9o98 
71 
D o d g e m in i v a n T r o n o ; troveihom e 
Self-contained 
696 2346__________________________ ! 
1974 Dodge motorhome l l ' 
Set*; 
I contained. Sleeps 6 9,ooo m iles 
1 Under w arra n ty $9,99o-633-9286 utter 3 p m 
For Sole or Trode 197o Ford Mint 
Motor Home. Top Condition See 
J to appreciate! $4993 433 3834 
I 1975 G M C M in i M o to r H o m e j U n d e r 12,ooo m i , 22', load ed 
P e r fe c t c o n d itio n . 
$11,5oo 
; 696 7498 or 124 4144______________ 
1971 GMC MOTOR HO M E 
{ l l ', e xcellen t cond C om pletely self-contained Must see! $19,6oo 
684-934), 684-3814 
_ 
GMC MOTOR HO ME 
4 
FOR R E N T 
I 
349 o771, 349 431); 734 9389 

GMC Motor Home Rental 
Dolly ond Weekly Rales 
PHO NE 
661 7312 

DON'T GAMBIT. SHOR 
R a n d o l 
GFI THI UST BUT 
YOU CAN, THIN SHOP 
Randol Marine 
O n 
1976 Close Outs. 
Free frailer, 
Free ac­ cessories, Free controls on 
76 
M odel 
Close 
Outs. 
Plus save hun dreds o f dollars now! 
WF BUY ANO SIU 
Used Beats, Motors. 
Trailers 

S c t F f ^ /l B A R IN E 
I M T W. NtMakri 
7 3 3 - B 1 3 3 m 
B E D D E S 

BERTRAM YACHTS 
For Immodiaf* Delivery 
J I1, 31’, AB­ 
USED BERTRAMS 
2B , J I', J I ’, 35 
Arriving Soon 35' 
GULF COAST 
MARINE 
' Texas largest Bertram Dealer 
Coll: BILL HOLMES 
5 1 2 — 8 8 8 -8 2 o 6 

Hobi 16 Catam aran w ith T railer, 
$19oo I 41$ 3837 Or I 613 276o 
74 Hobie Cat left, with trailer, like new, $16oo. 6$6 3*o3__________ _____ 

Horne Cat Sailboats 
DISPLA Y at STONE M A R IN E 
724o Bandera Road 
Oeoler 
Jewett Set vices. 34? 8778 i 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McQueeney. 517 557 6627 
Open E veryday except Monday 
Jet Boot 16'. 6 cyt G ray M arine 
Luxury Motor Homos Rent. Low ' end troller 
M any extras $143o 

'69 Ford V on, 6 CVI. S tandard. good shope, $1285 453 1o98 
76 FO RD V A N E IOO V8. auto . air, stereo, pow er $493o 681 1o63 
63 FO RD VAN, $4oo or best o Her 
431 374$. 
'L l Ford V an v i, outo, radials, bed, c arp e te d , paneled, stereo, 
$21oo 696 76o3____________________ 
69 Ford Window V an 3o2, auto a ir. C a rp et 
P an eled 
B uilt-m s 
Clean $165o-824 1164 

74 GMC 
Sierra G rande 454 C ID Air. outo, long w ide bed m ust s a c rific e 
$3ooo 149 131J. 

! '74 GMC S ierra, M o n , power, oir, 
AM FM , $2,97$ 149 2274 

VA N S B u y , S e ll, T r a d e 
$831 S F L O R E S 
923-4211 
W A N T E D 
B e d fo r H a t bed 
Oump w ith or without truck 
>96 8464 
1976 W hite Cob o v er, 25o Cum m inus w ith 
IO s p e e d 
R o a d 
Ranger, U IS M A R C H , 913 7491 

 m MOTORCYCLES^SCOOTERS 

71 BMW 7so<":C Excellent M UST 
SELL' 437 o439 811 o43)__________ 
1ooCC 1974 K a w ato kl, goon cond, 
I by owner 3123. 691 1629___________ 
C h o p p er. H o n d a 4 S6. lots of 
; c h ro m e , c u s to m p a in t, low mileage 927-6o48, 921 3345 
74 E LSIN O R E M i 2$6, m ini con clition $4SO 684 o4o5 
'74 E L S IN O R E 
Top condition 822-74S8 

PAY TOP PRICES 
For wrecked c o ft ond Trucks 
A I AUTO PAR TS_______ 373 K ill 

•QUICK C ASH * 
CARS ANO TRUCKS 
RUNNING OR N O T ' 226 2745 
SELLING YOUR C A R * 
Hi prices p a id to r c le a n co rs- 
Trucks. etc 227 !3«2 
TOP D O L L A R ' 
JUNK CARS, TRU CKS. SCRAP 
CALL 
347 31o1___________________ 
T riu m p h C h o p p ers or H o rle y 
1 Davidson cycles W A N T E D good 
; cond 534-8247 anytim e 

TRAVHToW N 
TEXAS, INC. 

SAN A N TO N IO 'S LARGEST 

TRAVEL TRANER DEALER 

* Over IOO Units in Slock 

AUlHOtlZID SALIS FOB: 

HOLIDAY 
MUASlER, 
PSoWUR, 
NOMAD 
VINT OM. 
ST AWAFT 

HOLIDAY, DIAMOND JAMBOIS 
MIMI KOMIS 

9 6o o IH 3 5N . 
653-6711 
Across hoot Howard Johnson s 

9 til dark, Mon -Fri. 
9-6 p.m. Sal. 1-5 Sundays 

Rates 638-7641 436-7)19_________ 
■75 M IN I M A X C a m p e r V a n , 
Tradesm an 2oo Dodge Self con­ tained 
7,5oo nu Clean, sleeps 4 
$35oo 653 o751___________________ 
"Mini motor home still in w arran- ty Mony e xtra s 1 633 2313 
'74 M obile T ra v e le r M ini M otor 
Home 19' i , root oir, stereo, 36o 
Dodge 
3,932 miles 
Best otter 
69o8633 
______________________ 

337 8378, 816 1411 

‘ 73 M o to rh o m e IS 
L ik e new 
Take pickup or trailer in trode 
131-1771 
_ 
MOTOR HOME R E N TA L S 
Fully self contained 
Rates by day or week-453-41o8 
Motorhome Rental 
Sleeps 6 $14o week glue IOC mile 45S-2232 

USED CARS CLEAN 

SMITH CHEVROLET t i l t BROADW AY 
123 4283 
WE BUY U S E D CARS 

"Y4™"5m T 
^ 
^ 
J 5o V8, n ton, i i T*,inmMw,2. i, ", 
,r 
■" im 
—i acts SAN P F D P O 
LWB Auto., disc brakes, pow er 
42 Harley Chopper, rebuilt Irons 
1 ’ SAN 
* o w u 
O RSINGER BUICK CO 
714 4221 

A N C IR A 
W IN TO N 

N 
. 
F L O R E S a w J P 
P 
I r v g o t c 
< m 
AT MARTIN 
X E ^ E S F 225-533J 

TRUCKS 

FULL SIZE N E W ’7 7 FO R D P IC K U P 

*$98.84 for 48 months with approved credit, cash selling price $39o1.oo, was $251.oo, cosh or trade, down. A.P.R. 13.51. Deferred price $4995.32. State Tax & License excluded. 

GILLESPIE 
TRUCK CENTER 
2411 BROADWAY 
A 
2 2 7 -1 4 1 9 

HEAVY DUTY MOVERS 
1977 GMC % ton 
Cab and Chassis 
4 -ip a a d , p o w e r A a ir , 
V iS O x lA p ly tire # . 
WAS $5375 
NOW * 4 4 9 8 

TINDALL M d SON PO N TIAC -C M C 
39oo San Rodro 
736-1561 

 steering, radio, a ir, search light 
New cam p e r 
2 new m ud tire s 
$12oo 223 2S47____________________ 
GMC Sprint ‘71, Air, pow er, a ir shocks, new rad ials V in yl roof, 
AM FM , good condition 
$249$. 
>94 2139___________________________ 
'77 GMC I ton, dual wheeTljickuO 
Still in w a rra n ty $41oo call Jim , 
641 45)1 
'76 G M C V on 
L o a d ed , custom in te r io r, a lot of nice e x tra s ! 
C leon 
D a y s 
1 4 1 -$ $ 7 t; e v e $ 
654-8913; Don Slipp private sole 
Good lo o k in g 
49 F o rd p ick u p 
R a n g e r 
G ra n n y g e a r, ton, m a tch in g 2 tone g re en d e lu xe cam per top. M etal utility tool box 
Air, power steering 
$125o. 
736 $69o 
S R A N P t FO R D TRUCK SALES 
(HIO and W W White Road 
66) 4121 
-------------------H aT T T S n------------------- 
'74 Chevy halt ton, standard with air, very clean. 341 1911 
7o HOBBS T R A IL E R 
24', alum body. wood floor O ve r­ head dr , pow er tail gale $199$ 
922 $2$4, 923 3912. 
‘69 International I' i ton truck, 18’ von type, converted into cam per, s leep s $. s e tf c o n ta in e d 
See it—you will buy it Excellent con- dition 423 3297 
71 IN T E R N A T IO N A L C a rry all 

 ond engine, ridged fram e Custom point ond m olded $1195 349 688o 
?6 H a rle y D a v id s o n ch o p p er 
Lots of chrom e ond gold! 734 8296 
’i t H orley D a vid s o n S portster 
Eler start S2S5o 656 43o4________ 
76 Horley bavidson super glide, custom.Led I , SOP rn. 226 5859 
75 Harley 125 $5oo or otter Low mi Atter 4 69o 1118_____________ 
Harley 'joortster Whooper Ever y th in g new 
S u p e r th o r p 
Springer 
Will trode 
$195o-1 62$ 7I$9 
------------------4"o~h o n 5 a------------------ 
$558 
111 4o79 
Honda dB IOO $1oo or best otter 
M utt te ll’ Call 
314 2949 
75 H & JfbA (J fc M -o u fs ta n d in l econom ical c o m m u te r bike, ex cell condition $3oo 651 7458 
7$ H O N D A 16o CBT 
Just USO m i $83o 514 7328_______ 
7$ Honda CB3oo Twin. Like new 

S ta tio n w a g o n miles, lully looded 31395 922 o)84 

In te r n a t io n a l T r u c k s 
715 Sieves Ave__________ 314 3471 
1971 In te rn a tio n a l 14oo series, with 2o drive in and lift gate 
1 438 7644 

7 4 INTERNATIONAL */? 

Mony extras. I ow ner 492 9282 
71 Honda CL7o $175 Suiuki A SSO 
$123 214 4116 
75 Honda CL 16b. Windshield, etc 
>lmpq $83o 658 o9o2___________ 
73 Honda CT7o Very good tondi lion $223 494 3)33 otter 4pm 
74 Honda E ls in o re tR 2 5 o Mfe, 
$525 658 o1oo. a fte r 3 
M ond ay 
_____ _ through Frldoy___________________ 
51,ooo o c fu a l 
Hondo 123 e x c e lle n t, com plete with 2 helmets $299 451-4o47 
76 H O N D A 75o 
Full dress $7ooo 434 3118 
72 H d N b A 5<k> low mi Excellent condition 344 84o3 
________ 
76 H o n d a m a fic 75o 
41oo m i 
$147$ 1-772 1o73 otter 6pm 
74 H O N D A h o 

754 TIRES pans accessories 

T ^ ^ ^ h e v ^ p i c k u p y y r e c k e ^ m r ig h t f r o n t 
D a m a g e d p o r t s rem o ved M o to r, c o b ,bed oil good 
S425 Seguin I 179 1937 

#2 t i L I C A P A R T S W A N T E D 
' F ro n t a n d r e a r B u m p e r , r ig h t re a r q u a rte r p a n e l 921 7761 

C E N T R A L T I R E CO 
7oS N F L O R E S ____________ 124 $473 

C o m p lete <97o D o d g e 223 s lu t 6 m otor 633-o979 
" b t t t v l in T K*u c k "s a l v a g £'* 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o7 Laredo H w y 974 *331 924 6332 

 t i 3o2 e n g in e , tra n s m is s io n , ex houst. system , co m p le te 
$42$ 
6554944 
_________________________ 

F o rd 5 43 T h ir d M e m b e r 
Si 23 
C all 
317 1344_______________________ 

I orge H y d ra u lic Jack lifts e n fire tio n t end $15o 714-4o78 

M e r c e d e s 19o SL m o to r o n ly 
Good ru nning co n d itio n 
144 1798 

47 Pontiac T e m p e s t tra n s m is s io n 
$15 
O th e r p a r t s 
C o ll 714 57 1o otte r I pm F rid o y __________________ 

4 R a lly s p o rt s to ck w h e e ls a n d tire s G M C or C h e v ro le t IS ', $2oo 
684 $39$ 
69 R A M B L E R W a n ' d 
M u s t h ave good iro n ) end and le ft fro m door Hondo ( I >426 18 37 

4 Tires, rim s on d h u b c u p t s ite li d 
14 5. SISO 434 4443_____________ 

T O M M Y L IF T fo r P ic k u p 
(ro o d shape 651 o46o 

C a m p e r C o v e r fo r SW B p ic k u p paneled, in su lated T H S 7 U sin 
I * 
C a m p e r, p a r t ia lly s e lf con t a m e d 
G o o d c o n d itio n M U S T 
S E L L ! $1ooo 
S e e a t W h is p e r 
W inds T ra ile r P a rk on R an d o lp h 
B lvd i 

C am p er shell to r L o n g w h eel base pickup $1oo 133-4563____________ 

CLOSE O U T S A L E . 1976 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C 
T R A IL E R S 
$196 
U p 
7)o W E S T A V E ___________ TIS 3931 

11 Va' C o a c h m o n c a m p e r e x t r a c le a n 
C o s t $ 4 8 $ o 
S e ll $ 2 6 5 o la m to m 
654 1382 a tte r 
4 pm 
I 824 3557___________________________ 

74 C o le m o n P o p U o . S te e p s 6. i s to v e , ic e b o x . s in k . e x c e lle n t 
. condition $1 SRS o tter 658 o397 

I 
7o F o rd C a m p e r Speciol, lo aded. 
R a n g e r p a c k a g e. $7893 737 7o1/ 

197$ 6ft. C onover C a m p e r 
Sleeps 
6, rocks included 
922 2o16 a tte r 
; te r n 
; 

F u lly m o d e 'I 
76" K O U N T R Y 
A IR E , 35 
5th w h e e l 
N » w lis t, 
$12 9oo Sell $93oo O w n e r 699 1913 

H A R P E R M O T O R CO 
L A M P E R T A H D 
S A L E S and S E R V IC E tor 
T E R R Y 
T A U R U S . T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W n a v e l T ra ile rs ond 
5Th W heels 
24o1 S W M ilita r y 924-3514 
H rs 
M on F r i 9 4, Sun I JO > 

HE IM E R C A M P E R S A L E S 
Son A ntonio s E x c lu s iv e 
C O A C H M E N D F A L E R »24 8J14 
T e n t T r a ile r s T r a v e l T r o lle r s . 
T r u c k 
C a m p e r s M i n i 
M o t o r 
Hom es 5Tn w h eel T ra ile rs 
1329 s w M ilita ry W of S Om e r set 

74 H O I ID A Y R a"m » 1 E R .3 
P a rk M uoel, slide o u t liv in g !o o m id eal tor o ffic e or la k e 
S O U TH 
T E X A S 
T R A IL E R S U P P L Y 
H U O IH 1$ N_____________451 4161 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x c lu s iv e O e o le r to r 
C h a m p io n . 
T ita n . L if e t im e M o to r H o m e s . 
M in i M o to r Hom es 
2771 A U S T IN H W Y _______ 635 o751 

BV SERVICE 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 A ustin H w y 816 1248 

72 S H A S TA M IN I M o to r H o m e 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
IN IO, I M i no rth of B o ere 
R T 2 B O X 127, S A Phone 224 2426 
O P E N S U N O A Y l l $ P M 

74 S u p e r io r m o to r h o m e . 2 5 ', 
23 OOO m i lo ad ed w ith e v e ry aa 
*15.n. lik e new cond ition 631 8o97 

W o n t To Buy M o to r H o m e 
A ny 
M o k e 
Any 
M odel 
631 7641, 
656 711* 
_____________ 

’ 7o W in n e b a g o 22 
36 OOO a c tu a l m iie 5 . fu lly e q u ip p e d in c lu d in g 
T V 
E x c e p tio n a l condition 
$83oo 
655 5989 
_______________________ 

JE T B O A T 
17' H O N D O T ric k e d 
O u t 454 C h e v r o le t E n g in e a n d 
Jocu i i i P u m p Good Ski R ig . Colt 
For 
A d d itio n a l 
Into 
$42oo 
494 6144 
7 6 L o rto n . 17' 13$ E v in ru d e . trim , tilt, oil occe$$ 638 3734 
14' L a s e r S a ilb o a t w ith t r a ile r , 
$95o c o ll 344-4788_______________ 

 le t’s Go Onshore! 
C ru ise I t fu ll c a b in , ITS O M C , d u a l tra ile r 
. . 
$7844 
, C ru is e l l D e e p V B o w rid e r, 17$ hp E v ilt , g a lv tra ile r 
. 
$41oo 
I C ru ise 2o C u tty c a b in . 14o O M C . gaiv tra ile r 
$4887. 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
L a k e M c Q u e e n e y . $12-357 4422 

I ike new 15 tt C h ry s le r B oat ond 
M otor. 45 H P T ro lle r and e x tra s 
924 413o___________________ __ 
72 m odel T e rry Bass B o at. John son 7Shp e le c tr ic s ta r t, t r o lle r , 
; tro ll m otor 
$1985 
T E X A L L BOOT, 12 2 9 6 2 8 

O u tb o ard m o to r, T ed W illia m s 9 9 hp I g al gas tan k an d e x tro p ro p 
$35o 433 745$________________ _ 
R A C E S K I B O A T 
18 S teven s W tr o lle r . 4oo hp V 
; d rive, 7s p la t m p h 
E x tr a c le a n , 
433 2641______________________ _ 
R a n g e r l l 
S a ilb o a t, e g u ip e d , 
I fo c e c ru te re d u c e d 824 3393 

R O C K B O T T O M P R IC E S on In vo d ers a n d D e c k B o a ts . Johnson o nd M e r c u r y ! S e rv ic e o nd stor age a t the L a k e R A Y S M A R IN E :. 
C a n y o n L a k e , H w y 24 7 3 n e a r 
S ta rk v ille . I 899D I O 
_ 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 

T O N 
L o n g w id e 
V S. a u to m a tic , a ir, p o w e r 21,314 m iles F R E E 77 license s tic k e r 
$2695 condition 696-5649 
J A M IS O N M H S Seguin, 111 52o1 

O O T rn* 
B e s t 
Otter 492 9543 

71 H O N D A 75o 8.ooo m i e x c e lle n t 

.- ;■ ■■ 
' n ii 
,j,-7- 
> > ' 
.‘‘ jnr 
74 H o n d o 45o 
11,ooo m i . , 'goo d l ! , ‘J n tV n o ,,o n a l ‘-o ad sto r 14oo, con* , fK)n W oo 714 5464 
3o,ooo m ile s , a ir conditioned, lik e v . . '....—r —1 new 
H a s 2o' box w ith o v e rh e a d H O N D A 1 5 o ^ 1 _ o o o n m le s ^ x c e D 
$49oo 
224 5524 or lent condition $45o 
IJT 1649 
H O N D A i s l , 4 m o old 
USO m i 
Asking $425 734 9984______________ 

1972 H o n d a 15o N e w lire , b a lle r * 

 door, p ric e 
224 o988 

7 3 IN T L T ra v e le d $2o5o 
N e w p a in t 4547271 
7 6 J E E P W a g o n e e r 4 W D ii.8 o o Sissy b o r $413 811 o771 m i 
A u to . a i r , p o w e r b r a k e s , s te e rin g A m tm s tereo ra d io , hi 
1o ra n g e 
$45oo 
735 3641 or 
6E4-752o_________________ 

11 J IM M Y 4 w h e e l d i - iW W . e v e r y o p tio n a v a ila b le 
1 o x15 w h ite le t t e r e d tir e s , t r a ile r in g s p e c ia l, a rn tm w ith t a p e , 
4 tp e a k e r$ , slid in g gloss w indow s, m uch m u c h m o re ! 55oo m i J m o j OIB. l i f t $94oo best o tter 696 3S31__________ 

7 7 K 5 B ig le r 
2 w h l d riv e 

H O N D A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
$7o8 M O B U D 
684 1682 

 t i H onda SL IOO G ood co n dition 
SIOO A tte r S 
337 3o71 
‘( I H o n d o S u p e r H a w k 
Runs G ood SISO 
/p m 

I r i s " H o tu fa 16o f - f 

IS ITT 
I $37 51o$ a tt 

'62 VW F ra m e a n d T ra n s m is s io n , 
$7$ I $37 $1o$ O tter 7pm 

758 - AIRCRAFT services, sm ites_ _ _ _ _ _ 

A L A M O F L Y E R S . IN C 
•Y O U R P IP E R D E A L E R " 
8411 M IS S IO N R D 
922 1228 

1977 CESSNA 

H i P e r f o r m a n c e A i r c r a f t 
SHOW S T A T IC D IS P L A Y . N O W 

METRIC E M O T IV E 
Roosevelt at 9Vth St 924 7 37$ 

S T I N S O N F I E L D 
SAN A N T O N IO .T E X A S 

L A T E M O D E L U sed P o p UP * 
C om ping T ro lle rs (2 ). a k e new 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
T R A IL E R S S U P P L Y 
H U O IH 35 N_____________ >33 4161 

16 M o n ito r, used once, to ilet, a n a e v e ry th in g $2195 111 »'4V _________ 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
I t l l Austin H w y 
$188 
653 o813 

................... b ra k e s , lik e n e w , se ll to r $795o. o r I$75o 341-8464 

 n t d is c on ly 2,ooo m i 

1974 H o n d a 75o lA tih d io m m e r , leggings, b a c k re s t, tug ra c k 
T r i pie A b a a s 
SHOO im m o c u io t c 

7 ] C H E V Y F e n d e rs id e . I speed. s tan d ard $15oo 641 4511 

C h e v y 
74 
9 p a s s C h e v e n e r ! * s u p e r IO 
A uto , p o w e r , A M F M radio, fully e q u ip p ed 
$38oo firm 
Coll 
1 425 29 1 5 

71 C hevy p ic k u p 
I W B 
15o VO. auto , disc b ro kes S m o o th ! $115o 
A tte r l l 
715 o226 

7} C H I V Y P IC K U P OU. S i*$ 6 
667 toto otter 6 p m .__________ _ l l <!tF8VV P ic k u p . 
’ » ton coll 

61 C lym o n tra ile r tor d u m p tru c k , 
1o x8’ 911-18o7 

'7 4 C o u r ie r P i c k u p - C a m p e r 
Looded, ta k e ever p ay m e n ts , C a ll 
C re d it M o n a q e r, 349 6948 

C u s to m V o n . ll7 6 I k e v r o l e l . loaded C oll 457 1175 
7 5 D a ts u n , 11",$'oo m ile s 
M in t condition M a k e otter 499 o434 

17 D atsu n pickup $16oo or o tter 
J e rry 
473 5491 
22o 22o8 

218-o191 
74 C H E V Y P ic k u p L W B v * ston d ord S239S 431 1376 
____________ 

 s i C H E V Y k ic k u p au to a it, r u n t g re a t ow ner SHOO $34 8873 

71 C H E V Y p ic k u p , M u n c e v 4 speed high p e rfo rm a n c e e n g in e, s h o r t w h e e l b a s e . a i r . m a g wheels, m an y e x tra s , m u s t see to a p p re c ia te $18oo 923 3187, n ights 
I 741 3o41 
14 C H E V Y S m all deli v a l V p an el. tru ck $995 333 8152____________ ___ 
•73 C W iV Y i, s ta n d a rd , new p ain t 
$21oo Jim , SSI 4 $ lt 

74 C h e v y Ja to n o u to p o w e r 
V e ry clean 
I 
496 o1o3 n r n 
11 VY 

111 635$ o tter 

'a to n 
L W I , 
Iii but s till good cond m ileage, 
>»$ 9179 
'21 C H E V Y ito n p ic k u p 
L W B 
117, 4 speed, see to a p p r e c ia te 
B oerne ( I ) 269 2485 

71 D a ts u n p ic k u p 
G o o d c o n d !- hon t i SOO Coll 
142 8869__________ 

74 D a ts u n p ic k u p 
A u to m a tic , c a m p e r shell 
25,ooo m iles- $235o or best o tte r 822 5326_______ 

 t i D dqe '« ton HS 4 speed, new 
I n am e $8oo 332 $384______________ 

72 D O D G E A d v e n tu re r p ic k u p w ith shell cam p er loaded 
$215o 
447 to te o tte r 4 pm 

>6 b o d g e T l J b T i i b - T O B c o '" outo , a ll p ow er. A M F M C ru is e c o n tr a !, I b e d , c a m p e r s h e ll 
S31OCJ 684 4696 otter I IO 

7 3 DODGE CLUB CAB 
IOO V O, au to m atic, p o w e r ste e rin g 
$2795 
J A M IS O N M irv Seguin, 223 52o1 

17 D odge pickup " i l l s la n c f] o ir, L W B $1695 486 8535 

74 E l C a m in o C la s s ic 35o, VS, loaded 
P e rfe c t cond M ust se ll! 
SHOO 
$55o below blue book 
637 ooo4 
74 El Cam ino excellent condition. loaded 653 7oo4 
19J5 E lC am m o SS M urk down to 
54 OOO 511 o5o4. 513 1516 

’74 ELCAMINO 
V T , a uto m a tic, a ir, power 47 OOO m iles 
Free 
77 license s ticke r 
$369! 
JA M ISO N M trs Seguin, 223 52o1 

73 F o rd B ro n c o R a n g e r 4 w h l d riv e a uto , a ir, pow er Custom w heel w e lls, spoke m ags, on o ff road tu e s $375o 494 63o9 
74 F o rd C o u rie r p ic k u p fib e rg la s s c a m p e r shell 
$245o 513 337o 
I9 7 T F 

A uto , 
Clean 

7 6 CHEVY LUV 
Truck 
Loaded, including power brakes, automatic horn mission 
AM FM Sieceo with tope, ait, 
Mikado custom interior, custom wire whee! covers, sports steer mo wheel 
Immaculate only 
HOO milos! 
$4387 

O f V IN E , T E X A S 
SAN ANTONIO DWiCT UNI 
6 7 7-853 o 

 load ed, u nder 5,ooo m i Toke up note, no equity $8oo in e x tra s fre e ! See M u tt see lo a p p re c ia te 1 eve 7864 at 62oo W est A ve 
• T a r o t A i s d R f m e n t U T T 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U TY 
D IE S E L T R U C K TRACTO RS 

 d Custom F u lly loaded 
824 9565, 498 8o56_________________ h F ord F 25o custom LW B ton 
V I 4 sad ra d io , h oo ter R ow er brakes, wide wheels, heavy duty fr o n t b u m p e r a nd g r ill g u a rd 
L o o k s a n d ru n s re a l good 
By 
Owner $167$ Seguin 
1 372 o189 
75 FO R D F Iud, lik e new. L W H loaded, l-ownec. $4 ■ OB 927-775o 
T i'T O I B " F H O Super cob. lu ll p o w e r, w ill h e lp fin a n c e , c a l) 
Woody. 433 1464 

1977 FORD F15o 
, Ion p ic k u p . LW B. 6 c y l, stan d a r d , p o w e r s te e rin g -b ra k e s , custom decor group, sages, 2nd fuel tank c a p a b ility, e x tra cooling ra d ia to r, re a r step bum per, a g a r lig h te r, ra d io 
A lm o s t 5ooo m i. 
Last $$3oo, m u s t sell to r $41oo 
828-6131 a tt 5 wkend 492 HOI 

71 F o rd p ic k u p ^ 1oO E x p lo re r 
A uto , a ir , p o w e r, a u x ila r y gas lank 
55oo GBW $295o bv ow ner 
684 4995 
___________ 
64 FO N D RANCH ERO , V I 
Standard. cond 
$5oo 

 w ih~bod*~ond k l Dodge P ickup S lant 6. good o vem eod door W ill help finance. 
I tu b b e r, new paint, new in te rio r, call W oody. 431 1464 

 f m , v v M o n -p lc k u p A ufo oi r* 
( • * » 
« S 5 
9° ° d 
* h power steering $1595 341 7 4 6 8 ^ B 
51 d fie v y ’ j to n p ic k u p 
4 o o d cond , new plates and Inspection 
$63o 141 7922 
_________ 
/$ CHEVY , ton p ic k u p , auto a ir w ill help hnonce, G ro g 433 1464 
7* C H ^V Y ' 1 ton p ickup 6 c yl std , a ni tm tope, c a m p e r sh ell. 
$17o8 best o tte r 491 1136_________ 
7$ C H E W T-fon von auto power steering brakes, new tire s $38oo 
Jim 8414111 
74 C h e w ’ * to m 4 w heel ctrive. loaded 828-431$ a tte r 7 494 o3o3 
'4 * iH E W l7 A S " ? u s t o m p o in t in te rio r $17oo 513 2172 
71 C H E V E N N k S uper 
454 V8 power, a ir, a m Im , bucket seats 
$25oo 694 46oo 

144 1344___________ 
74 D odge Ram C h a ig tr 
4 w h i d riv e , o u to , power, o ir, S E p kg , low m iles 453 4441 
1974 D o d g e S p o rts m a n tto y o i 
Van U nder w arranty One ow ner 
826 9545, 696 8o36 

T I G O O G E 1 1 ton P itk u p I w i'." * t o t , a u to . w ith c a m p e r s h e ll, 
$1295 684 $oo2 
W 
M n u m 
191$ C h e v ro le t M odel J -I9 T 7 1 I, 
New ond Unused 7$ U nits o v o ilo b it E ngines i l { . T ra n s m is s io n s 
F u lle r RT 915 H ear Axels SSHO 
Tandem rated al 44 OOO pounds 
C E N T R A L TRUCK SALES 
214 831 2395 r n fe itA M ik o -------------- 
Call 22* o191 

7 4 F O R D L H VOO 
T w ill ic re w , 534 engine 5 and 4 tra n s m is s io n , 14' G alho n d um p bea 2o.OOO actual m i $1o IOO 
C anyon Lofce (I)93$ i i l7___ l l FO RD Pie ti up 
. Ion HO VS auto a ir, clean 
$1995 firm 
649 231} 
_______________________ 
TI FO ND P irk u p S ^ B ton V I. s ta n d a rd , looks, ru n d riv e s , e x ­ cellent $1695 
111! BRO AD W AY 
223 1349 

*45 F o rd P ic k u p tfe w lir e * a n i p ain t Diam ond- tru c k int. Se# to a p p re c ia te ) 333 o98*__________ 
71 Fo rd picku p , L W B , s ta n d a rd , 6 cyl clean. $1393 736-3332 

/1 F o rd p ic k u p 
L W B a ir, new tire s, Std VB. $17oo MV 8497 

 good 
_____________977 » * ti_____________ 
1974 # o rd R anchero, fully loaded. 
52,995 F irm 4$> *364____________ 
'71 F o rd R a nch e ro e x tra cleon, 
A M F M ra d io , a ll p o w e r, n ew rg d iu l tire s $149$ 633 9697 
75 ^ a rd R a n g e r X L T lo a d e d . plus A M F M 
I tra c k 
A ux gos tank 
F ib e rg la s s cam per 
$46oo 
149 4o37 

■74 F o rd R a ng e r F25o L ike new 
$14oo firm 
Cali before 
2am 
471-SWI 
I4 )$ F o rd R a n g e r F23o 4 w heel d riv e 824 954$, 696 8o36 
T~* ii'7 T o r d' ft on g * r p i c k up l "^( 
Red a nd w h ile 
V-8, o uto , R A 
24.ooo m ites $111o 714 8431 
74 F o rd B o n g '«?~gL T 
$157$ 
74 C hevy V B, auto, a ir 
$1*75 
74 F o rd 6 stand * i ton 
$2o7$ 
1228 New L ared o Hwy 924 4879 
T T O - f S r El " lu 'd e 'r - f o b T P l! * . s i ,75o or best o tter 4$I 8o97 
19"’ 4 t & R b 'Super Van V I pow er s te e rin g , o ir, gcod sh ap e! $185o 
149 8878 o tte r 4 pm 
1974 F o rd 
Io n L w E p ic k u p I speed 82185 best o tter 455-5255 
71 £ d rd ’ • lon"picVu"p,"IZS VB a ir uuio. cast iro n tool box, new p a in t 
$1*5o *17 W M u lb e rry 734 4o78 

•'n F o rd ' 1 lt d p icku p A uto , a ir, aux fu el ta n k s , c a m p e r cover 
49o I $48. 
T i F o rd ' 1 tan. sh ort.b td , loaded, a ir, RB, RS, a tt rood tire t-w h ee ls, ro ll b a r and n ight lights, m u st sell, a tte r 5pm and all day weekend, ca ll 494 5144 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1798 1254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TR U C K 
SALES A N O S ER VICE 
PO Box 411 H a lle tts v ille .Tx i i L U V o ir . a u x ilia r y to n k , 
$18*5 454 2678; 448 t i l l 
------------------m U $ T H e L l------------------ 
7o C hevy h a itio n , loaded. 46,ooo m i . e x tra cleon 341 3933_________ 
M ust sell. m o v in g 1 4$ F ord SWB 
VS stand Best otte r 646 1624 
NEW and US E D B um pers L igh t w eight to heavy duty For a ll sues of p ickup tru c k s *24-4551 2o2 New 
L aredo H w y 
O W N ^R A T - m TORS--------- 
I a x le t r a c t o r s o n d f la t b e d t r a ile r s fo r s ta te w id e h a u lin g 
Plenty of fre ig h t, backhauls Full s e ttle m e n t w e e k ly O ld er tru c k s accepted 9247273, 311 $894 

PERFORMANCE VANS 

Of AMERICA 
C u s to m a c c e s s o rie s to r V a n s , 
P ickups, m in i tru c k s , RV s 
F ro m sm a ll in s ta lla tio n s to com pie!# Von C onversions 
1o722 P E R R IN B E IT E L 658 888o 

74 
F U L L Y 
K ttN lH tM U 
L O A D E D 
$2795 282-o845 
73 R a n ch e ro S auire, loaded am im s te re o , e x tra cle an , low m i. 
>429$, co nsid e r tra de 684 5o42 

73 Honda w itn h elm et ond sissy bar, only 3,ooo m i , in m in t condi lion, w ill ta k e $7oo or m ake o tte r 
67$ 2118 o tte r 5 pm 
75 H o n d o X I ISO 
M u s t B e lh 
S acrifice. $$95 698 21o3 
/ O F H A R R IS O N H O N D A -------- 
Soles S ervice P o rts 
971o IH 33 N O ___________ 834 94oo 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

JOE HARRISON HONDA 
HAS MOVED TO: 
971o IH 35 NORTH 

6 5 8 9 4 o o 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

K aw usaki B ig H orn ISO Race or i tra il, a ll the G oo d ies! C om p le te o v e rh a u l 
M a k e a M er L 
D u ck worth 
333 3384 
__________ 
I i K A W A S A K I 9oo C lean lik e new , lo w m ile a g e 
M u s t S e ll! 
$1793 or best o tte r 344 42s8 
_ 
74 ka W d sdki fife."b n f, Road bike 
31o m iles 843o 63$ 9114__________ 
72 K aw osa k, SOO E ic e lle n! ru n fling cond 5*oo A tt e r ! 924 9 
4 
74 K a w a s a k i G i'O A , s ire e ! le ga l 
E nduro 638 7148 
____________ i i K a w a s a k i K T4oo top c a nd extras $7oo C all 686 Ila * 
7 tTtiTo w o s o k‘ i T I D W m i " e t 
$16oo 658 4o4o R A F B 

L E A V IN G ’ 
TRAS 

7 1 RANCHERO 
Toke o ve r paym ents, c a ll C red it M u s t S E L L 
M o nag gr, >49-6*48 
75 R anger F fs i, a ir, paw er Very d e a n 828 4155 a tte r 7 694 o1o3 
SAJ* A N t6 t4 l6 T * U « K S ------- 

71 R A N C H E R O 
1o2, S ta n d a rd , a ir, co ll 638 5441 u r r f f r t N T D N 
*94 1*8o a tte r I pm 

SALES A SER VICE 
GM C, D ia m o n d Reg. P tte rb u iit 
IBIO IM IO 
661 4311 
SCHOOL H ig fiw a y Diesel iu s e t 
21o1 N O G A LlTO S 
5)4 4711 fo E T o ve r paym ents on 74 F«r3 pickup C all 222 o966 ask tor Den ms a tte r I *36 6311 

T h re e l f V a n fru c k s w ith lif t gates One I i ton House T ra ile r toter 
227-5187, evenings 
*34 1936 i4 J'a ton D udge b u m p f r g c l 
E x tra clean 344 74o1 14* 2982 

T o T T f f i E " f f T T V l ----------- 
1974 Mi L u x T oyota P ic k u p A ir, auto . le ts tha n 4o,ooo m iles D rive it att to r $2)23. 22o 491* M on F ri, o,w>, erne. 
__________________ a T O Y O T A p ic k u p ra d io , a ir, 
7,ooo nm $33oo 826 2291 

 l i l t A b tf6 N l6 "? V ? L E U L E S 
K A W A S A K I Sales, S ervice, P o rts 
111 N A K O M A 
4V4 >234 
IS S U IU K I I i i IF n Jar o' I M i .iii t r a il tra ile r, 
$9oo com plete 
636 7)45 
75 S u iu k i G T SSG fu lly lo a d e d 
3,5oo m i b la c k a n d b e a u tifu l 
$1293 34* o685 
76 g -lT ki 'd'T i i i duad coiiditTon 
Custom paint, backrest 
$85o t i l 541* 
7 i S U IU K I GT 55o 
Loaded w ith e xtra s >14 e/64 
T riu m p h C h o p p e rs o r H a rle y 
Davidson C ycles W A N TE D Goad condition 534 8147 anytim e 
• i i T r iu m p h T r id e n t T 'f lO c c , under 
6,o9o m f. best o tte r, 
47) 292o 
H i Y a m a h a CJT toff, v e ry cle on ond tost 5*oo 911 48>>___________ 
75 Y A M A H A lid , for low nu like new. $6oo a$k to r John in s e rv ic e 
Dept 734 2343 

FRANK B H A L L & CO 
LARGEST 
A V IA T IO N 
IN S U R A N C E 
B ra k e r O tte rs M ost 
C om petitive P ric e s 311 12$ 41o) 
NEW 74 Cessna 42IC G olden t a ala ll 4oo system o v io n ic s 
F u ll investm ent c re d it B elow d e a le r cost! 
Jim 
Staggs 
1-827-o234, 
Austin 
SELL OR TR A D E 
C herokee VI. 
IOO $23,5oo. C h e ro k e e W o rn o r, full IFR , 813 OOO 638 o12o________ 
I vs I S kyia ne 
1o3o SM O H. d u a l nay com m Sit,SOO 822 38*6 ____ 
WHY NOT o rd e r a New 
P IP E R to your own 
Specifications 
F ra n k 
Adorns, 
OS* O lio 

8o1 
(W IPERS T R A M S 

A IR S T R E A M 17 
C a ra v e l 1964 
Very good p ric e QI7 H42_______ 
3o A irstre a m in te rn a tio n a l. 1*45 a ll e x tra s $5995 w ill tro d e to r onythm a 633 $33o 
74 A IR STR F AM 29 looded 
SOUTH 
TE X A S 
T R A IL E R 
S U P P LY 
1121o IH IS N____________SSI 4141 
A irstream . 22 self co nta ine d a ir, 
323oo 18oo S W 
M IL IT A R Y D r spoce 22 AN V T IM T 
______ 

A IR S T R E A M T r a v e l T r a ile r 
29 
1*71 
IOU G em tM er Rd 
T r a i l e r 
P or k 
ARISTO CRAT T ra v e l T ra ile rs 
The cnoice of the q u a lity b u y e r 
RAHMBE RO MV C E N T E R 
2271 AUSTIN MWV 
S$> o231 

AVION 
’ 
TfQfctfl fla tte r s MDtDF 

TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2417 ROOSE V E L T 
312*o61 
By O w n e r, t f / i 
16 
T r a v e l 
Trailer. Sell Contained. L ik e New, 
R e fr ig e r a to r , 
S te v e . 
S in k 
C hem ical T o ile t, S ho w e r, M a n y 
T u llo s 
Sleeps 4 $ P u c e $1985 
451 18o7 
II Cob O ver C a m p e r 
S elf con 
Tamed, sleeps 4 
$9oo Turn 
C a ll 
Oetor* 7pm S/3 5o91 
Camper C over Tor SWB p ic k u p paneled insulated 5 1 2$ I i i ISIP 
IS' C o m p a r, p a r tia lly s e lf con ta m e d G o o d c o n d itio n M U S T 
S E L L ! 51ooo 
See o t W h is p e r 
Winds T ra ile r P a rk on R andolph 
E M . _______ 
_______ 

74 PROW LER H o v e l tra ile r, 23tt 
Self contained, o ir, m ony e xtras. 
$4ooo 624 o341___________________ 
RA H M B L RO MV C fcN TLR 
E xclu sive dealer for 
V E N TU R E Tent C am per bv S tareroM 
"L ittle Castle On W heels’' 
2271 AUSTIN HW Y 
63$ o2$) 
R O A D R U N N ER T R A V E L 
T R A ILE R SALES 
493o RIGSBY_____________ 444 oo4o 
1*71, 38 Sandpiper tra v e l H a ile r lik e new. Sin w h e e l to r to w in g com pletely se ll contained, l l #*> 
1 H68 
99th 
St 
Stinson 
Field. 
937 871$ 
_______________ _ 
73 SE MRO SCOT TY, I ! i Trovel T ra ile r s le e p s * 
SOUTH TE XA S T R A ILE R S r IJ IU IN IS N a> .1 41 > I 

• jH A S l A e H R O W I EW 
We to k e Tro d e ins 
Com plete S ervice Dept 
S TAH M ANN T R A U T K S A IL S 
IM IO I M i N o rth of Boerne 
R T I BOX 111 S A Phone 124 l i l t 
O PEN SUNDAY 17 3 P M _______ 

I . ■ 

W H Y W A IT 

PAY MORE 

G IT LESS? 

A toot polk age', most complete in SI /to n . OUM paid at max minted, F4offoctory floor plunn ed for YOU to absorb 
See 
SFlllFM>-pif*-toq> rn NGN (am mounded salesmen, saves tim e/hassling W I otter finance insurance rn OUT dealer cut 
I . See plain, plush, ms, outs, opens, 
'.ohms. 
7” to 
?? ft 
I moi stents omve early Apr J. 
(CiOIA 74 735 hp 351 Y8 Ford 
CMCIFVMSUOI o u t* wa I. 72' 
3o? Yg streamlined cabin att layaway NOW finches best $ 
I- 
! uinpufe 
(OMA 
* 
GIASSMASTIR * AFG A ll A * 
RtCttUNf Why woste HP weight, fuel, soft tide, 
SAFETY with wrang contour big, b try boats by fly by night mtwsT guy HtOV 
FN b'Ouds, gel DF MO nor 
I) Meet at beat (VINKHOF deals 
* Un mine wum s a t up 

F 
Used 
Johnson 
4o hp, fjTjssmogtc 
M W , 
Ditty hailer 
$985 oldie but STRONGER than mony 1977 (hopped gloss boats 
Othets RANK iotas, pitpoy rn/ 
OUT penohy 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Iroodwoy at 4th PABK f RFI 
5o maune yews in S A T il 2112 
9 6 p m fhurs Kite 9 pm (JetadSatw 

Sailboat, C olum bia 22. 5 s p ilt, *ul- ly equip 83399 733 98*4__________ 
Sailboat G ulf Coast 29' w ith tra ile r ond sup Seagull 81789 6SS P its 
Sailboats, C a talina 27. and M ont g om ery 19. both e x c e lle n t condi lion, reg son ob I* 49? 29 38 
Sailboats - Canoes, la rg e selection 
NEW S ailboat Shop, Austin 
6o4 H ighland M olt B lvd 484 7171 l l / ' 1 S ailboat, tra ito r, m otor. Ex- eel $1199 t i s Quo: 
7 5 S e a to re r 77 
S a ilb o a t 
6 hp 
Johnson, 3 ta ils , sleeps 4 M o n y tu lip s S633o 684 l i l t 
17' Ski B oo t, p e rfe c t c o n d itio n , 
S14oo p in rn 137 4339 
1975 SCONE BCR A FT I i . *o Hp 
C hryslor engine 
T ra ito r. $299$. 
*38-9591__________________________ 
SPYO ER 
One 1 /ft 
D em o, I5 h p M e rc u ry , t r a it e r , $15oo 
O ne 17ft u s e d 
S p o rtie r o ft w ith tra ile r, $16oo 
6818 Randolph B lvd . 456 o)8o 
DISCO UNT BOAT SALES 
SRV 1*o Sea R ay s p o rt m o d e l, w a rra n ty , m u st sell 694-3816 
7 * is v i p Bass boat. 4ohp jo h n - son, D illy t r lr 8239$ *34 6o9o l l W ind ro te sailboat w ith tra ile r, sleeps 4, custom in te rio r, m a n y e xtra s 227 *383 or 696 7529 

T y r old Boss Boot IS glass, fu lly e quipped. /Oho E v in ru d e , g alv tro lle r. tro ll m otor, 
$1o9o 
341 « )»$_____________________ 

8o6 SPORTING COOPS 

^ B T u e R y T U o r in n T m r T ^ ^ T ^ n ickle P yth o n in b o t $123 4 
B lue 
P yhon $34o. m odel ie 
4 
Blue in b o * $18$. 
C o lt S n u b n o s e i t diam ond back in box $l4e 27 Colt diam ond b ock BISS, 4 
H ig h w ay 
P a tro lm a n btg g rip $18o. 23 C olt 
P eacem aker $85 4 n ic k le H igh way P a tro lm a n $145, L la m a l l, * " big g rip HOO Colt C om bo! Com m onder 4 $ satin fin ish $17$ Huger 
" 
$14o 
$ and W l l . 357 n ic k le 
A cre and ’ > or long. near Canyon 
C le e k C o u n try C lu b , tro d e to r 1155 S and W 19 in box I U * S an d boat 433 2411 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 

W 3* in box $21$ s ond W 19, J' j" l i t s f o r Sole or T ro d e 141 O il* 

Sm ith A W esson, m odel 44. stain less steel, 357 M a g n u m , $27$, C a ll 
Steve, e l l 1431 
16 Y e a rs Som e L o catio n 
NUW IS 
R e g O l T r i h u l l , 45 h p -r y V y v 
' ‘ e i i i i i . 
Johnson galv tra ile r 
S123o 5 T A R J in n i rM _ T O I 
N ew 17 
R egal T rih u ll. t i l E v in w ith H im . g alv. tra ile r 
$5197 
N e w 17 
R egal D eep V , 85 

V in 
A K it 
R E L 
R I M IN G T O N 4 o X B R 
JOI col 
W IT H L Y M A N 2o* S C O P E 
C O N V E R T E D 
T O 
JO * 
B Y 
$411) S IE B E R T N E W D A Y S , 141 1441 
N IG H T S 124 2744 

 ash fur fille s , shotgun's, , 
We pay d u al Pistols 7)6 1796 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A L E S l l * K in g sb u ry 
S E G U IN . T X 

 t i s ta rc ra fl V e n tu re , m odal 1o4o. pop up tra ile r, sleeps I , A 1 cond 
$1,695 
34 1 7 1o1 
A tte r 4. w ken d s, 
341 4111 
_________________ _ 
197) S tre a m lin e 3) , e x tra s Sell or tro d e in on house of g re a te r volue 
624 2331. 653 O M I O tter 8 pm 

1974 tra v e t tr a ile r , lik e n ew , $195o i l l 3874 o tte r lp m ___________ 

 tr a v e l tr a ile r l l , fu lly se ll con tam ed, la te m o d el, lik e new . m u st sell, a re a l b u y . S a c rific e p ric e 
13,2oo C an be seen, a t 1234 A ustin 
H w y 

T ra v e l tr a ile r 28 , fu lly self con rain ed a ir c o n d itio n e d , s lig h tly used, m ust soil 
S a c rific e p ric e , can be te e n a t 
34o2 
R o o sevelt 
A y e tw o T ra v e l T r a ile r s b o m C o m un,tely Seif C o n ta in e d w ill sett one to k e your p ic k . One is 17 9 , 22 
1 
1 >«v 1o/s 
_________ 

U S E D C A B O V C R C A M P E R 
72 o p t N M O A O i i i a it, ta c k s , self contained 
H a rp e r M o to r Co C a m p ti rand 
74o1 S W 
M ilita ry 
>24 3314 

 i i ) U s e d P O P ^ U P T R A I L L R S 
H a rp e r M o to r Co C u m p e rta n d 
24o1 S W 
M ilita r y 924 > ti 

R e g a l 2< 
D eep V c u tty c a b in , a i>lu>n h ig h f r e e b o a r d , s u p e rb bundling boat, 
175 
O M C 
H a ile r. 
$95oo 
O P E N SAT S U N , u n til 6pm 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
I Oku M i Que,eny, SIV SS/ OO22 

I> b a s t Bool d ep th tie r tro llin g m otor, sw ivel seats a n c h o r rem , dr ive on tra ile r, S7QQo 1 772 317$ 

76 14 
Buss B u a l. 2ohp Johnson 
G illy GOH 
Trotter 
IJ J o 3 2 / 

14 
B oston W a n g le r , U lm clee s lu r' jh ;Iv Hr d eem , IJJ 2873 
CATAMARAN SA IL BOA f 
G ood cond 371o 824 2789 

19 C en ter con sate C o b ia 
ISO Hp 
M e r c u r y 
Pow ec tilt o n d tr im 
T o n d em tra ile r, lik e new 
$469$ 
73o-4321_____________ 
_______________ 
D o p n m e S ail B o u l o n d f r a i l e r , 
O ood C ondition $82$ $12 m o 
__ 

14 
F ib e r g la s s b o o l. 
46 tOOHP 
J o h n s o n m o to r 
C o m p le te w ith gas ta n k , lite ra c k e ts , etc 
G ood condition $189o 484 3/24 

14' tith in g boot, 4o hp m otor and rat .lilie s C o ll co llect 817718 *811 licensed tro tte r 6 387111 

8o8 HUN UNG ft FISHING 

^ l a ^ ^ v t i t T ^ o o n G y ^ G ^ ^ t h u n tin g , tre e s , b e a u tifu l v ie w s . 
152o d o w n p a y m e n t. $81 OI P e r m o O w m r tm c n te d C o ll 714 7V64 

C a b in in L a g u a M o d r a n o t a s h a c k , s le e p s I , c o m p le tiy fu r ii,shed pus a p p lia n t es w a te r a n d lights L a rg e dock and b o at b a rn 
C all Te rr e ll 
$12 831 41o? 

T u rk e y 6 guns $165 
Deer of San A ntonio, 533 9 79o st 

M I L L C O U N T R Y 
D E E R H U N T I N G 
$273 PE R B U C K 
T B T R A N C H 
(3 t2 l3 * 7 VI)**. 9 6 P M 

H U N I I N G I F A S E W A N f i d by hunt clu b , 1} m a tu re m e n con s e rv o tiv o m in d e d w ith m a n y y rs h u nting e x p seek e x c lu s iv e tease 
P len ty p ro te c te d d o m e a n d Irs 

1973 F la g s h ip F is h a n d ski 
I * open bow w a lk th ru w in d s h ie ld . 
S5ho C h ry s le r en g in e 
C o ll o tte r te m 684 * 918 
___ 
14 
F lu tb o tto m M o n a r c h . 2ohp 
M e rc u ry G olv 
T ro tte r $31 74o1 le f t 
A v e n g e r 
175 t v in r u d e 
H atte r $48o9 O ttfi 
*>J I l k! 

I5M B ussboal, BO H P m e re . silver t r o t t r o llin g m o t o r , lo w r a n g e d e p th fin d e r, tr a ile r , 12199 
C all 
699 1o86 otter Spin______ _______ 

7 Ste 
C o b ra c r u is e r , t ly b r id a e ir o l f f $)Q,7>6 > > 1 1 * 8 1 ________ 

 l l tt 
D eck B out, 15o h p 
M e re . g a l t r a ile r , $399$ or o fte r , w ill tra d e fo r s m a lle r b o o l 
433 3o43 
I 731 l l * * 

51 M i * JE C P 
G ood co n d w ith top $1 $oo C a ll 133 8292 

W A N T ? ® " D e e r le a s e fo r m a n , w ile a n d son, B e x a r or s u rro u n d m g co u n ties *3$-$$*7 

81o 
MO fem HOMES SALE 

A D O A R O G 
Sire, D e liv e ry 
1 m s *23 4 |4 * 

USED TRAVEL 

• 
T R A I L E R S * 
W E H A O A S U C C E S S F U L T ra ile r 
Show a n d tr a d e d fo r s a m e r e a l n a e used h a ile r s . C o m e buy now w hile selection is to a d ' 

KARPER MUTQ8 CO 

CAMPERLAND 
24o1 S W 
M ilita ry 
924 3514 
M on Sat * 4 a rn Sun I IO 6 

 l / t t 
F ra tb o tto m b a la n c e d a n d b lu e p rin te d 35o C h e v y tu n n e l rp m w ith 2 H o lly 4 b a rre ts 
Joe 
H u n t 
V e r t e x M a g n e t o . S u p e r f , 
, tu c k i i OOO or pest o tter In clu d es 
75 A r te r a tt tan d em ti oiler *96 44V4 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
H tll ( a u n t ly M o b ile H o m e site, 1$ m in 
N o rth on Son P e d ro 
O n ly 
$ 2 )9 o , $ 1 9 9 d o w n , $21 44 p e r m e rlin a t I * . to r 144 m o n th s 
T h is o n e w o n t la s t to n g 
C o lt t o d a y ' 494 J 4 I9 . 142 1898 
L A k E C R P F T R E A L E S T A T E 
_ 

 tin M ob tie A M ed o ra r 
Arni 
H O M E S IN SA N A N T O N IO 
932 9441 

14 * 7fl" 

16 ti 
G o ld w in B o u l w ith 99 h p 
O u tb o ard M o to r w a lk th ru w ind sh ie ld t u b u p h o ls te re d 
A te e s so n es in clu d ed 
E x t cond 
46) 4 
9 
* 
9 
______ 

15 ill 
H ig g s C io tt, 1*72, *6h p H A L L M A R K 

 d o u b l e in s u to te d o il a le c 
1 2 . c e n ta l a i r ­ boat 51o,oo9 438 62o2 

74' Y" b e if t i o m 
I b a t h , d i s'ii w asher stove, re tn g , a ir c e n tra l h eat tie dow n $5o9# I 772.317$ ■ 

I ’ B e d ro o m s 

Johnson. D itty tilt t r a ile r in pet le c t cond 
51759 
S te v e I I I U l t iw k ilg y s ) o r 684 6 o9* 
(tu n d o y s 
O N L Y ft _____________ 

I ' 1 b a th s 
1 2 *4 5 
21' liv in g r o o m . 
$*ooo m o k e otter *53 I i i ) ________ 

B e ry l V M o b ile H o m e te n te r™ ” 
N E W a n d U S E D IS I 4 f* t 
H S I) IH J! N O R T H ( S e lm a E a i*) 

B u y t'Jus m o i n ra g 

C am per shell tor Lon g w h eel b ase pickup 51oo 333 *3 *5________ 

~ 
C L O S E O U T S A L E , 1*74 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C 
T R A IL E R S 
*1 *4 
Up 
71o W E S T A V E ___________ 733 3*31 

 t t V C o a c h rtiu n c a m p e r e x t r o c le a n 
C o s t 5 4 8 5 9 
S e ll $ 2 4 5 9 la m ip m 
654 1182 a tte r 
6 pm 

 a t m 
-------------------------------------------------- 
7 4 C o le m a n P a p up, S te e p s 8. s to v e , te e b o x , s in k , e x c e lle n t condition $1595 o tte r 656 9397 

7 o F o rd C a m p e r Spec tot, lau d ed , 
R anger p a c k a g e . $1895 t i l ru t ’ 

1975 8tt C o b o ver C a m p e r 
S leeps 
8, tacks in c lu d e d 922 2916 a tte 

 w e B U Y A I L T y p e . OI T r a v e l 
T r a ile rs C ot' 
M I L 924 551*_____ 

7 ) W ig w a m l l a t t . o w n in g spare ilOOU W itt tra d e tor la rg e r 
Au sit vu (" ut H o lid a y 842 earring 
D riv e ________________________ _ 

I / F t 
Carson D e e p V , F ib e rg la s s H u „ , m . m o r n in _ b oot 89 h o rse Jo h n so n top an d m o b |lv th a H . r „ M n b o a t co v e r, ult sk i e q u ip m e n t in eluded plus h e a v y du ty d riv e or tro tter 47$ 798* a tta r Spin _______ 
26 F t soiibodt 
7 5 (tip p e r 
$>1*5 
G one atter M a rc h 29th 828 hi 34 

 lh F u n M aster IS 
59hp M e rc u ry d re a m '.. I bom 
G ats 
T ra ile r 
*5 * t S I* 

 y g g r 
L a r g e 
H i l l C o u n t r y s ite . I ! m in 
N 
P a y m e n ts less m o n r e n tin g in p a rk 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S f AT E 
694 3419 ut 347 t ip * 

 i i 'C ham pion double w ide 

S4oU 
E q u ity 

1*72 W ig W o rn , tx sell c o n ta in e d , a ir , 
F irm 641 1576 

, c o m p le te ly 
C lean. $2,599 

 tu rn G o o d ca n d 
Ti 
‘.n u 

 n r ie n t r o l h e a t a ir 
39ooU 6 >6 1o97 

 t i U lm n e a r L u k e 

8o2 MOTOR KOMIS sate m il_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

A N IC X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
18o2 N W lo o p HO 
734 k i l l 

M o b il 
* ) * # # * 2, I I I A n t is ts d , 14x7o 
J b e d r o o m s 
J b a th s a ir c o n d itio n e d , c e n t r a l h e a t 
3 59 g a t 
B u ta n e ta n k , c o m 

J! 
G ta s p u i C o b ra h p , d e p th t in d e r , p o r t h e a t) tra d e r, 532oo 654 3617 O tter 6____ 
»4 O L A S T R O N T IS * B o w r id e r p le te ly fu r n is h e d a n c h o r e d o n d p iu s ga ts tr a ile r 
7aha e s t ia s 1 83859 * 6 * 35*7 rn ru « re o d v to liv e in a l tr o tte r 
P u rc h a s e d use d la s t S u m m e r to r 
, , U r i n . i t A f l t l i e iv a H o 
F T *8 ®' m u s t s e ll 
L a r r y V a i l , 
1 9 7 * G lO S tr e n T I I T 
14o h p 
, l n srMy 
M e re C ru is e r, p o w e r t r im o p e n ........in ... . n 
1 
' - - ? r— i 
^ b o w , w o lk t h r u o a ts t r a i l e r , F u rn is h e d 4 b e d ro o m W o rk s h o p . 
$5415 A tte r 5 w k d a y * , I 441 5548 la rg e la n c e d lo t *23 397 3 

P a g e 
8 -F 
* 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 

81o HWB1LI HOMES SALE 
81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

WE’RE OPEN SUNDAY, TOO! 
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES 
• OVER IO O HO M ES TO CHOOSE F R O M • 
. _ 
J Bedroom, both, fully carpeted, fully furnished, 
. . _ _ 
1 2 x 6 o delivered, Set up........................................................ 
4 9 9 5 
3 Bedroom, both, fully carpeted, fully furnished, 
I 2 x 6 o delivered I Set up for on unbelievably low puce of 
2 Bedroom, bath, fully furnished, delivered I set 
I 2 x 6 o up 
Would you boliove.......................................... e o e o e e o e te e e e e e e e e e e e 
2 Bedrooms, IVV boths, fully carpeted furnished, 
14x56 sliding glass patio doors, lots of sunny windows, 
Delivered ond set up ................................................. 
3 Bedrooms, IVV baths, furnished Beautiful ted 
14x65 carpet Furnished With loods of sunny windows 
Delivered S S e t-U p ......................................................... 

'5195 

'4795 

*6295 

'6495 
SUNSET MOBILE HOMES 

2762 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE 
922-9545 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

!! SALE !! 

FRONT KITCHENS 
1 o % OFF LIST PRICE 
N E W 1 9 7 7 1 4 ’ W ID E 
2 o r 3 - BEDROOMS 
★ AIR 
★ DELIVERED 
★ TIED D O W N 
BERYL S MOBILE 
HOM E CENTER 
16513 IH-3S N o rth (Selma (xit) 

6 5 1 - 6 9 6 1 

9 1 9 7 7 
81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

81o - MOBILE HOMES SALE 
— 1 
Von 66L.LAB P'AIB 
F O R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
834 324o 
924 4424 

USED DOUBLE WIDE 
1974, E A T O N P A R K *ox24 
T o ta l E le c t r ic . 3-2, n e w c o r p e t, new fu r n itu r e , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
S O U T H P O R T M O B IL E H O M E S 
79o4 S W 
M IL IT A R Y 
924 4231 

W A N T E O H 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H F A S T S E R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 974 4231 

W E T A K E t r a d e i n s . W 
T 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L 
M A X 
974 4225 

F u r n is h e d 12 x * o , 3 b e d ro o m s , 
I '> b a th s 
E x tr a s 
927-5769 a tte r 
5:3o a n d w e e k e n d s 

HALFWAY TO CANYON 
(N ic e 2 b e d ro o m m o b ile on J a c re s jw ith b e a u tifu l tre e s . 42o t i w e ll, im e ta l s to ra q e shed, TO m in u te s to 
(N o rth S ta r M a ll 525,ooo 344 *3 4 * 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

H ic k s 1ox55, I b e d ro o m , I ' ? b o th , fu rn is h e d , a p p lia n c e s , a ir, 54ooo. 
649 2852____________________________ 

INSTANT CASH 
F o r used m o b ile h o m e s 
824 324o 
924 4424 

'74 M a g n o lia d o u b le , 24x54. 3 be rtro o m , 2 b o th , c e n tr a l he a t. o ir 
F a u lty , a ssu m e 497-9251 

M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R S 
N e e d a little e x tr a c a s h ? 
W E b u y M o b ile H o m e T ire s a n d 
W h e e ls SIO E a c h B r in g in o r w e 
Dick up 
S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
2762 S W M IL IT A R Y D R 

_________ 922-o54o_________ 

72 M o n te C a r lo , 1 2 'x 7 o . 2 i i 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts 
N o e q u ity 
626 2375 o tte r 5 p m ________________ 

73 P a rk w o o d 12x65, I ' , b a th s . 3 b e d ro o m s , A s s u m e o r re fin a n c e 
595oo 658 9o53 eves________________ 

'7 3 P e a c h t r e e 
1 4 x 7 5 
L u x u r y 
H o m e , o il b u i l t i n * 
C e n tr a l a ir a n d h e a t, u n fu rn is h e d 
M u s t s e ll th is w e e k B a la n c e d u e p lu s 5)5oo 
681 o481 

W IL L A S S U M E p a y m e n ts en 2 o r - 
3 b e d r o o m m o d e r a t e p r i c e d tr a ile r 627 2o15 

72 14x65 2 b e d ro o m .' m e re fe n c e d lo t 
12x32 M o rq o n p o rta b le b u ild 
! m g 494 5491_________________________ j 

73 14x65 2 b e d ro o m , I b a th , c e n 
I t r a l h e o t, a ir , d e lu x e 4o' p a tio c o v e r, tie d d o w n , u n d e rp in n in g s , j 
1ox1o s to re ro o m . 
342-2234, 
684 7 )6 5 _____________ 
( 
14x8o 
3 B e d ro o m 2 b o th m o b ile I h o m e on 2 b e a u tifu l w o o d e d lo ts , j 
52.5oo e q u ity , to k e o v e r p a y m e n ts i 
5752 
A fte r 
6 a n d w e e k e n d s 
I 4 3 8 -7 1 7 6 _________________________ j 

14x7o, 3 b e d ro o m 2 b o th , u n fu r - n is h e d 494 6714 o fte r 5 p m _______ 

12x64 3 b e d ro o m , tu rn . 15995 
_________655 o471, 651 6356_________ 

14 x 7 2 ' L A N C E R , 2-J, a w n in g s , 
8 x 1o’ s to r a g e s h e d , c h o in lin k b o c k y a rd , 5 m i, no of a ir p o r t on n ic e lo t 511.5oo 656 3987 

14x6o N E W , 2 b e d ro o m t ' .b o th tu rn 595oo 
W e d is c o u n t fo r C a s h ’ 
R E D R IV E R M o b ile H o m e s 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653-9751 

SPRING 

I! SALE SPECIALS ii 

EXAMPLE: 
14X 7o’ 
CH8MPIoN 
3 BEDROOMS 
IVV ly fu 
FREE 

 o n l y ' 8 2 5 o 

 and heat El 
DELIVERY 
SSE! UP 

EXAMPLE: 
1 4X 7o ’ 
Fully furnished fully carpeted with central air and heot. FREE 
DELIVERY S 
JO O e f t 
SET UP 
ONLY * 8 3 5 o 

EXAMPLE: 
14X 65 ’ 
(RESCENT 
I BEDROOMS 
I fULL 
8ATH Fully furnished with beaut iful front bay window 
Spacious bedrooms Central air ana heat 
FREE DELIVERY 
$ 7 o o C 
BSET U P .... ONLY 
/ V V 5 

P.S. Out of towneri gas ex­ penses and meats paid with purchase of mobile homed 
AMERICAN MOBILE t MODULAR HOMES 
273o SOUTHWEST MILITARY 
922-7191 
922-o441 
H O P E N 7 D A Y S W E E K I! 

81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 
^1)1. BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
9o3 BDHDINS MATERIA!S 

12x6o S T Y L E M A R , 2 b e d ro o m , b o th , c le o n $43oo 648 1894________ 

14x78 T o w n a n d C o u n tr y 
2 be d r o o m s , g o o d c o n d it io n 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts . 663-o727 

2x2 I «2 W E 'R E O ^ E N S U N D A Y 
; m g g lo s s p a tio d o o rs , lo ts o f s u n n y w o n d o w s . D e liv e r e d o n d m f set j u p -------------------------------------O N L Y 
5 6 2 9 5 . 1 4 x 6 5 3 B e d r o o m s , ) ' i b a th s , f u r n is h e d 
B e a u tifu l re d j c a rp e t 
F u rn is h e d w ith lo o d s of 
I s u n n y w in d o w s . D e liv e r e d A s e t u p ---------------------------------------------------o 
56495 S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
I 2762 
S W 
M IL IT A R Y 
D R IV E 

971 ,S4S 
812 Mobile Home Spaces 

I A d u l t o n d M i m i l y s e c tio n , c lu b 
I b ouse w ith s w im m in g p o o l P a v e d 
! s tr e e ts , u n d e r g r o u n d u t ilit ie s , 
! la r g e lo ts , no p e ts . b e s t m o m - i ta in te d p o rk in to w n , o n S E M ill- 
: tr o y D r w e s t of IH 37, a c ro s s fro m 
I B ro o k s F ie ld , in d io n H ills M o b ile 
I H o m e P o rk 333 o83o 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

New Desk fro m 
*99 

New files from................. 
I 5* 
New steno chairs from.... 534 
New Exec, choirs from $49. $o 

Also Used furniture 
126 ion Ann Street or 

IH IO at Culobro, 736-559o 
A ll Solos Cosh ond C orry 

CANYON LAKE 
E x t r a la r g e m o b ile h o m e lo t. 
51475, 575 d o w n . 84 m o n th s a t 
121 83 A P R * • „ 
C o il A Jo n e s. 726 23o3 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
1 > a c re m o b ile h o m e lo ts . C h e a p e r th a n r e n t in g ! H o r s e s a llo w e d . 
L o w d o w n 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

F e n c e d L o t w ith P o lio A ll U tilite s . 
A re a U T S A , U S A A 698 2o46 

F o r S ale o r T ra d e 
M o b ile H o m e lo t 
1oox2oo 
W a te r, e le c tr ic , te le p h o n e , s e p tic ta n k . 14 m i o n 
H iw a v 16 S outh 673 o437 

L O T F O R 55 M H 54o M O 

L O U N G E OR 
T A V E R N F U R N IS H IN G S 
78 to b ie s , 92 c h a irs , 5 b a r sto o ls in v e ry g o o d c o n d itio n 
1131 B a sse 
R d , 733 7367, 734 3o81 ____________ 
SM M ic r o fic h e R e a d e r P r in t e r , 
; o v e rh e a d p r o te c to r s , t r o n s p o r a n tc v c a r t r id g e p r o t e c t o r o n d co p y m o c h in e S ony v id e o c o rd e r 
I IB M d ic a tin g m a c h in e s 
C o n c o rd 
I to p e c a s s e tte s o n d re c o r d e r s o f­ fic e fu r n itu r e 734-5o91.__________ 

 lo rru a Iron 
* 2 o 5 so 

D ITTM A R LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN •2 2 6 -3 1 4 1 

Genuine Strong Born forrug lengths to 2o . . . . 

)»1? Rough cedor lumber........................558 Im ft 
Railroad ties 
$4.95 eg 
Asbestos Siding 
$26.95 cg 

Ooh Whiskey barrels $18 95 to. 
2*o lb S/D rfg., colors $14.95 sq 
IS lb felt, 8 sg roll 
$7,29 roll 

Insulation 3VV". 
9W 8 sq ft 
Insulation 6 
168 sq ft 

THE M O N E Y S A V E R 
MosterChorqe 
Bank American! 
Where Cosh Buys at Wholesale 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
1oo1 A u s tin St., 226-1437 

,9 1 4 
ANTIQUES 
: 9 1 4 - ANTIQUES 

R e s ta u r a n t o n d k it c h e n e q u ip ­ m e n t : v e n t a h o o d , c h o r c o o l b ro ile r, g r ill, s te a m ta b le , b o o th s , c a s h r e g is t e r . Ic e c h e s t 
A n s u l 
S p r in k le r s y s te m , b u ilt in o v e n , cheap. 656 o825_________ 
_ 
______ 

MERCHANDISE MART 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 4 6 
GET 

L O U N O R M o b ile H o m e P o rk 
7415 C a s tro v ille R d 433 2o64 

•I L O T N E A R R A N D O L P H F IE L D . 
; 1 o o x 2 o o 
O w n e r f in a n c e d 
SSO d o w n , $29 m o n th i 684-4211 o r 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

 j 
M & E T L— 
H & M fe P A R K LO TS i 54$ m o 
E H A a p p r o v e d , J u d s o n iu d S ch o o ls 658 oo22, 658 1376 

S h a m p o o b o c k b a r , 3 s h a m p o o b o w ls . J p ro h a ir d r y e r s , 3 w o rk s ta tio n s . 
2 h y d ra u lic c h a irs 
6581o55 

9oS PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

< u F w o o d ^ ^ T " i6 ^ i5 7 5 7 T 7 ^ ! 7 ^ 
58oft, fre e d e l 655 2363_____________ 

C u s to m iz e d 8x l l S ales b tfic e , C o ll 
Jo h n 
923 917o______________________ 

F oe 
2nd p o rt b ld g w k s h p stg” 
12x24, 17x16 te rm s d el 653 81)1 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6 x 8 
*2 9 5 
8 x 1 o . $396 
O th e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

U sed 6oo rn W h ir lp o o l c u b e ice m o k e r a v a ila b le w iih 6oo lb s to r age b in 
5495 C a ll 
222 875o a n y tim e ____________________________ 

U sed R e c o rd -o F o n e w ith re m o te p ic k UP, 5315o 342 4459___________ 

W a ik in c o o le rs a n d h e e le r s Cus to m b u ilt g a lv a n iz e d o r s ta in le s s s te e l v e n ta h o o d s . c o m p le te , in s t a lle d 
C o m m e r c ia l 
R e frig e ra tio n , 
2346 
C u le b ra 
N I : , i h a d v 
A c r e s T r a i l e r P k 
1 714 5o86 fe n c e d , s to re ro o m , tre e s , 537 
SO I W E B U Y . $ E L L a n d R E C O N D I 
N e a r W in d s o r P k M o ll 876 8766 i T IO N 55 g a l s te e l b a r r e ls 
O A K H A L L O W N O R T H W E S T 543 
S A N A N T O N IO D R U M CO 

S IG N ! 4 x 8 w ith 27o c h a n g e a b le m a g n e tic le tte rs . F a n ta s tic "s o le s 
S itte r " 
MOO in s ta lle d 
T e rm s 
Q U A L IT Y C O N STRUCTION 
655 6462 
1 
H e a v y D u ty F lo o r In c lu d e d 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO S e g u in R d , 
226-31*1 

P o r t a b le B u ild in g s M o v e d b y 
M o rg a n B o n d e d 653-8111 ________ 

U sed 12x32 D o u b le D o o r G a ra g e 
T e rm s . F re e D e liv e r y 924 5oo3 

U sed 8x1o p o rta b le b ld g F re e d e l ! 
T e rm s 67oo N W IH Io , 732 5171 

8x14 
A il m e ta l, w e a th e r p r o o f, J s e c u r ity lo c k a b le s to r a g e s tie d ! 
Id e a l to r to o ls , h a y , e q u ip m e n t I s to ra g e 
55oo 
151o 
S 
F lo re s ; I 
726 6318 

 e s ta te s a le 
I bove been commissioned to tell th* contents of th* home of Mr 
Jest* M WolKon (deceased) of 627 Mandalay Drive East Th* sol* 

" M a rc h I 7 th r u 2 o 
’ O A M u n t il 6 d a ily 

A ponml listing of th* contents is os follows fhrnpencfolesecrefary 
(toque French ond V.ctonon choirs Gam. tables ( R f , * 
M o T . topped French tables Very ho. faun XV 
Figurines .a Dresden Bisque Onentol pieces. Engl sh toblts Hnny fin# lamps Huq* assortment of pictures Gold leaf (Hid e th e rmi rocs large Wovecrest urn with ormolu mounts Huge cut gtass h g ed rouna bo* CrysM cnndlelobcos (ut ond pressed gloss, fabulous signed 
Jefferson revers* pointed temp (bien* of sihry servlty pieces Sterling ftotwor* lomouge fish set for 12 
° 3 * ' f 
, regloss goblets lots of crystol ond chino Beautiful tonttd rn * hondpointed bedroom suit* 
Choise blunge 
M u m * b o t l e i bnens (odor chest Books needlepoint Hundreds of pieces of os sorted Brie A Broc Old -ion polio furniture Stove ondoW 'lo" f * ' 
Pots ond pons Rugs Toed tools Old magazines Some World Woe uniforms ond homing monufols 78 -pm -.cords Edina cabinet lots of lunk in the garage ond tobies of flea Hock et Bac 
Bate 
PHIL WILLBORN - Town A Country A ntique* 
3 6 o 9 B roadw ay, 8 2 6 -2 7 4 9 

P o o l, n e a r U T S A , H o s p ita ls 
699 oo92, 69o 859o__________________ 

9o1 • BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

231 E C E V A L L O S 223 7135 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 
9o7 FURNITURE 

928 MERCHANDISE MART 

A A W R E C K IN G 
S JI C VO ' e ss 
L u m b e r , F u r n it u r e , P lu m b in g e tc 732 2437 

A C O N T R A C T O R C L O S IN G O U T 
L a d d e rs , to o ls, c o u n te rs , s h e lv e s , p o in t o n d ro o fm q , w in d o w fa n s 
O p e n M a rc h IS a n d 16 
1977 W 
C o m m e rc e 734 4627 

A ir c o n d itio n e r, 15,ooo B T U . lik e n e w , 52oo 
T o to l s e lf d e fr o s tin g r e fr ig e r a to r , 
52oo 
C o p p e rto n e 
658 o371____________________________ 

A ir c o n d itio n e rs 8,ooo, 8 5oo a n d I to n B T U 575 up 826 2291___________ 

A ir C o n d itio n e r 37.ooo B T U . G o o d 
W o rk in g C o n d C ools L a rg e A re a . 
516o 532 8758 

A ir c o n d itio n e rs 
U se d , c o m p le te ly re c o n d itio n e d AC u n its 
B o th 
11o o n d 27o v o lts A ll s u e s 6o d a y g u a ra n te e A fte r 5 c a ll 656 7691 o r 
655-o986 

A L L K IN D S O F F U R N I T U R E " 
M u s t G o B e d ro o m Set, A n tiq u e s , 
D u n c a n P h y fe T a b le s , C h a ir s , 
C h e sts, O ak D in e tte 549, D re s s e r 
529, C o ffe e , E n d T a b le s 515 ea 
R e t 575, S to ve 569. E tc 17o5 W est 
A v e 737 6595 1o 6p m T u e s Sun 

A m a te u r R a d io E q u ip m e n t t o seu FT1o1 E E , tr a n s c e iv e r in new c o n d itio n , 5575 
C la s s ic C o llin s 
( K M M I in to p c o n d it io n . 535o 
(S im p so n 26o V O M , 535 822 3996 

PUBLIC AUCTION 
SAN ANTONIO 
TP ANSU STSTtM liquidation of Surplus Equipment 
— without limit ai reserve 
172 o N. Flores a t fiv e Points 
Sot N o r ta , 1o:3o a m 
*» » ru i UST OKIUWS Wf-Sing 16 in SoufNmd kith** is in r» wonting condition and ,n operation) 
Gary planar 
I pf tv c rfuLcH plat** gnrujrr 
(nam** HH tablas lap pin g machine tot fin * gnndtng J cdrten sm r sofns 5 o o lh mncnartK a! sc a ff Mnn**y coon 
♦tnt) tTVK htrse-5 
JO hp ftfodrk mo*m 
IO ga! a** tank 
Mood lights 
Himdtnds of Wogn#»r att compressor* Bristol limp tnt artier 
Apnea to$jtnr pius calculator*, typewriters, die tapHoo*. bus Stdt" snots, propers* valves and much much more m m cntm 
9 am 
.mf.i soh* 
THUS Cosh, cash mf s chnck, tetter o f c rndft, paym ent some day 
JOHN JONES 
I x liM n . liCC 77 * 2 9 
I IWM 4 Alw. ml 1449 
So96 H im * M . U t A t li 
FUNNHK, SN * IX TON! 
(ONSMMi OU* tteUlSTONI 

G O C A R T , M c C o u llo u c h tr o m e . 
SHP e n g in e N e w c lu tc h a n d tire s 
824 8781 

G O L D C O U C H 57o 
I B U N K B E D 
57 337 4753 

G o lf 
4 w o o d s P r o lin e 
S h o e s 
IO i E le a th e r lin e d , n e w 341 4215 

G ood F re n c h P r o v in c ia l b e d ro o m set 535o, b o r w ith 4 s to o ls 5125. h a n q in q ta b le la m p 575, tw in bed 
53o, 691 1629________________________ 

6 ' G ra n d fa th e r c lo c k ,5165 
B o o s m o o la c h o p p in g c lo c k , IS " sau in " th ick,5 7 5 4 d r a w e r m p to l file r o b in e t , $ 5 o 
Y o s h i r o m o v ie c o m e ro w ith a u to lo o m , 
5125 
654 613o 

G u ita r (jih s o J 5o w ith ro s e 535o 
822 9965____________________________ 

G U N S o n d r e lo a d in g e q u ip m e n t fo r sole 
I 9 m m p is to ls . I r ifle , I sh o tg u n , p lu s re lo a d in g a c c e s s o r if s 655 7o4' o tte r 5 p m ____________ 

H A M m 6 n 6 A IOO W ith L e s lie and 
B e n ch 
S a c rific e 
51995. 684 2745. a n y tim e 

RECORDING EQUIP. 
S te re o , R e e l to R e e l, C a s s e tte , 

W e ld in g o u tfit, 295 a m p c o m p le te . 
5125 T o c k o m e te r, S U N 8ooo. 52o 
. „ 
. 
N e w a lu m in u m 396 C h e w v a lv e 
8 T r a c k . A m p , a n d 2 s p e a k e r s j c o v e r s , 52o 
3 o 3 o W in c h e s t e r 
535o C ash 
142 3647 

R E C O R D S G A L O R E 
L P S t i 52 co 
B o o k e te rio 3323 F r e d e r ic k * b u rg R d 

S T f R IG E R A T O R 2 d r , g o o d c o n d itio n . 575 C o ll 533 3392 

R e fr ig e r a to r , S e rv e ! g a s 
G r e a t to r c a b in $85 492 2414 

M o d e l 94, 55o 654 613o_____________ 

W h irlp o o l h e a v y d u ty w a s h e r o n d d ry e r set (Y e llo w ) 5219 735 o381 

W re c k in g B ig H o u se . E v e r y th in g 
F o r S a le 
C o ll, a f t e r 6 p m o n d 
B e fo re 8 OO a m 626 2698 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , 17 c u ' F r o s t f r e e , 
565 B o r r e l b b qu e p it. SIO S w in g set fra m e 
51o L a rg e d o g h ouse 
535 534 1669 

R E F R IG E R A T O R 
F ro s t tre e 56o 227 1986 
R E F R I G E R A T O R S w o r k in g 
53o, $45. 56o 973-494o o r 974 1138 

R e fr ig e r a to r . J d o o r. f r o s t tr e e 
A ls o a p l s u e r e f r ig e r a t o r 
G o o d co n d 333 o721 
____________ 

525o 
4x6 U tility T r o lle r 
673 39o8 
Z e n ith b la c k a n d w h ite p o rta b le s 
542 5o e a ch 733 o762 

25" Z e n ith C o lo r C o n so le T V 1275, 
661 2138 o fte r 5 

INDUSTRIAL 
SEWING 
MACHINES 

* Juki - MO Blk, M w urge 
* Juki - UH 763, batton halt 
A Juki • MB ST}, botton sawar 
* Juki - IK 322, tacker 

All complete with 77o V, 3 Chose motors and stonds, ond ore ap- proumately 6 months old 

226-5581 or 226-o988 

LUMBER BARGAINS 
Inter Roll Coml 
$3 5o 
2x* No 3 Select studs 
894 
2*o lh Seoldown ihmgei SI 3 95 
4.8 
(DX Plywood 
$6.99 
4*8 i plywood 
1S1o.9S 
?4«?4 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 

ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
6 loot 
$89 

• C A S H A N D C A R R Y " 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 

12o7 ( Durango 
533-5115 

929 GARAGE SALES 

H u r d r o c k m o n te b u n k b e d , co m p le te , $4o 658-84o3 a tte r SPM 

H o is t fo r in v a lid 
P e r fe c t conch lio n R e a s o n a b le 653-o46o 

A M F M P o n a s o n ic q u a d re c e iv e r 
(w ith 4 s p e a k e rs JAS 828 o259 

-A n tiq u e S p a n is h lo w c h e s t o n d b e d s id e ta b le w ith p o r c e la in in 
[te n o r 349 7 697 o tte r 6 

(A q u a riu m . 512 g a s s to v e 535 
2 k itc h e n c a b in e ts JA 534 3o53 

A T T E N T IO N ' L u s h p la n ts 
R e c s o n o b ly p ric e d 653-4619 

A u to m a tic W a s h e r, r e fr ig e r a t o r o n d f r e t t e r 
W o r k in g p e r f e c t , re a s o n a b le 226-1959 

C o lo r T V , g o o d c o n d it io n $95 
C osh C o ll 972-4133________ 

71 H o n d a Z5oA M in i T r a il G ood 
- j c o n d i t o n $175 o r h e s t o t t e r . 
> 1 923-o674 w e e k d a y s a fte r 5 p m 

1 9 " D ia g o n a l B la c k o n d W h ite 
P o rta b le T V (re c o n d itio n e d ) J58 
HOPP S 1533 A u s tin H w y___________ 

25 
D ia g o n a l C o lo r C o n s o le T V , 
R e c o n d itio n e d L ik e N e w $348 
H o o p S 1533 A u s tin H w y 

D ia m o n d I c a r o l S o lita ire G o o d 
C o lo r 55oo 684 41*1 a tte r 6 w e e k d o v s o n d o il d a y w e e ke n d s_______ 

D IA T O M a g u a n u m filte r s 
H a v e 
2, SIS a n d 57o 688 3175 a tte r 6 p m 

B a b y it e m s , m a t e r n i t y - r e g 
M o ttle s , o il s iz e s , t u r n , p la n ts . e tc T h u r-S o t 8-5pm 727 P a tr ic io 

B a rg a in s ' US P la te B lo c k s , c o ils . s in g le s, sets, fo re ig n 824 1887 

B e a u tifu l o v o l ta b le w h ite fo rm ic a w ith g re e n c o n tro l d e s ig n , 41' d ia m e te r p lu s 18" le a t 
4 h e a v y tu b u la r w h ite , s w iv e l Ic e c r e o m p a r lo r c h a ir s w ith g re e n u p h o l s te ry to m a tc h ta b le lie s o r be st re a s o n a b le o fte r C a ll b e tw e e n 7 a n d 
9 p m o n ly 
M in t co n d 
344 9992 
............................... 
...................................... i r i B n n V I p ro s gpprr p y p h , p p 
B ed, c o m p le te d o u b le , $25 
B o y 's | to m o tic lo w e r o v e n 
$25o W h ite b e d s p r e a d o n d m a t c h in g c u r - 
F re n c h P r o v in c ia l D in in g to b le , ta m s . $35 G o ld c o u c h , m a tc h in g ie a t. 6 c h o irs 
5175 
J u s t m o v e d , c h o ir a n d h a s s o c k , U S O 
C h il h a v e to m a k e ro o m to w a lk d r e n 's B o o k o f K n o w le d g e o n d ( *78 o383 
A m e r ic a n a E n c y c lo p e d ia , $2oo 
E l . . ' n . u . . t i n k 'J S T * " ~ r ,' 
W e d d in g d r e s s ( L illy R . u b t n ) , j i s f t T - B H t 

E le c t r a O m e g a 

D in e d * . 4 c h a irs , e x c e lle n t c o n d i tio n , $75 
T w in b e d . 525 C o rn ic e b o o rd s , b a th ro o m sin k 433 339o 

D in e tte ta b le , 4 c h a irs . 575 
S olid oak coffee, h e x , c o m m o d e to b ie s , 
SISO Soto, 5125 684 6556__________ 

D in e tte T a b le w ith 4 c h a irs , E a r ly 
A m e ric a n S ty le 585 456 5144 a fte r 
5pm 

D in m q T a b le . C h a irs , B e d ro o m . 
M a ttre s s o n d B o x S e n n a . S o fa . 
C h a ir, G as S to ve . 654 6725 

D IS H W A S H E R 
P o r ta b le P C A 
W h ir lp o o l, t o p lo a d e r 
5 1 o o ; 
M A G I C C H E F O e lu x e R a n e e 
( e le c t r ic ) H a s u p p e r o v e n . 

(size 9 IO, $2oo 
U n ifo rm s , w h ite o n d c o lo re d , s u e 9 691 1377 

'B e d ; K in g s iz e E x tra F ir m S p in a l 
P e d ic . S t ill P a c k a g e d ( w o r t h 
$4oo) C o m p le te SIPS 
I n c lu d in g 
D e liv e ry U suoH v H om e 66) 3571 

(B e d ro o m h a id r o f k m a p le 
O ou 

H o n e y W e ll s tr o b e , m o d e ) 81o, w ith b a tte r y p o c k , $75 
V iv it o r 
28m m Lense, $55 274 9134_______ 

H o s p ita l B ed 
R a ilin g 
M a ttre s s , I 
E x c e lle n t C ond 537 66o4__________ 

I in I ta b le b u m p e r p o o l, c o rd a n d d in in g t o b le , U S O f i r m 
C o n te m p o ra ry Iq h a n g in g la m p , j $5o 
7 cu s to m c o rn ic e s , $3$ en 
■ **« ?479 ita lia n P ro v in c ia l c h e s t on c h e st, i n ig h t sta n d , k in q h e a d b o a rd . HOO 
B r o w n a n d g o ld v e l o u r b e d s o re a d 525 654 6877________________ 

J a lo u s ie w m d o w s (s c re c n s ) 3 x i 1, good o s new , $35 eg 826 1o49 

 i H B I 
S p e a k e rs . S tu d io m a s te rs , 
' 14oo eg C o ll 141 9869 or 7)4 9831 

K e n m o r e w a s h e r a n d d r y e r " w h ite D w e ll ta c h o m e te r 
A ir tm 
( p o e t ' ; in c h 
A n t iq u e c o n n in g lo re 974 9537 
17o W D ix o n 

K in g s iz e B e d . n e v e r u s e d , s tilt 
> p a c k a g e d , e v t r a f i r m ( W o r t h 
I 5 4 8o) c o m p le te 5 )7 * 
D e liv e r y 
U su o H v h o m e 684 8234____________ 

K in g s iz e B e d . H e a d b o a rd , 5725 
W in g B o ck C o u ch HOO E x c e lle n t 

| 141 7o97 
K in g s iz e B e d , W o o d e n H e a d 
I b o a r d , M a ttr e s s 
B o x S p r in g s 
S e a rs 12 CU ft C o ld s p o t U o r tq h l i F re e z e r 337 4oJ5__________________ 

K in g s iz e m a ttr e s s , b o x s p r m g , n a m e 515o 661 478)______________ 

 t o d y K e n m o re H e a v y D u ty g as i d r y e r , used I m o s m u s t s e ll S3oo b e st o tte r. 
M rs 
R u s s e ll. 

R e fr ig e r a to r , s e lf d e fro s t, fe v e r s ib le d o o rs , o v o c o d o . ic e m o k e r 
I7CU ft lik e new $25o 223 1549, on s u n d a y 49/ 3683 

19" R e p o s s e s s e d C o lo r P o r ta b le 
T V 5298 HOPP S 1533 A u s tin H w y 

R e s ta u ra n t ta b le s a n d c h a irs 
878 5642______________ 

R e u p h o ls te r e d o ld e r s o lo a n d m a tc h in g c h o ir 
B r o c a d e g o ld . 
585 
B la c k l e a t h e r s o lo a n d m a tc h in g c h a ir , 585 
A ls o o d d c h a irs u p h o ls te ry fa b ric s , s ta p le s . 
■mn 344 683o 

W tilin g M o w e r. 3 speeds, 1)85 438 
O rc h a rd .___________________________ 

R U G S 
7 b e a u tifu l p a s te l w o o l s c u lp tu re d n e e d le p o in t, 9x12 o n d 
4x6. e x c e l co n d 826 8743______ 

S o nsui 5ooA R e c e iv e r, D u a l 1o19 
C h o n q e r o n d 
2 s p e o k e rs , 
$35o, 
828 4869____________________________ 

S o nsui re e l to re e l c o m p o n e n t un ii 545o o r be s! o tte r 674 937o 

S e o rs b e s t e x e rc is e b ic y c le , lik e n e w 545 
2o' g i r l s b ic y c le $6 . 
923 o474 w e e k d a y s a fte r 5 p m 

MTK 

E S T A T E S A L E 
M a r 1 8.19,2o 
9a m 6p m 17o4 w M a g n o lia S to ve , r e f r ig e r a t o r w ith fr e e z e r , s o m e fu r n itu r e , d is h e s , lin e n s , c lo th e s , lo ts m o re 
____________ 

 h o u s e h o ld 
E s ta te S a le f u r goods, 51o3 E n c o n to T h u r Sat 

S e a rs IO ' R a d io l a r m s o w a c c e s s o rie s , good c o n d itio n , $15o 
341 18o2, I S w e e k d a y s 

2 F a m ily G a ra g e S o le 
D ra p e s , 
B e d s p re a d s , B a b y F u r n C lo th in g 
A n tiq u e D is h e s , T r ic y c le s . F lo o r 
P o lis h e r, V a c c u u m C le a n e r 
583) 
D A N D U R Y E A F r i S a t Sun 

4 F A M IL Y Y A R D S A L E ' F u r n . ta re , to y s , k itc h e n ite m s , lin e n s , c lo th e s ( in fo n ts , c h ild r e n s, m a ­ t e r n i t y ) , r e c o r d p l o v e r w it h s p e a k e r s 
M U C H M O R E ' S o t 
M a r 19 to m 5p m 
711 C o n to u r In 
O lm o s P o rk N O C H E C K S 

F u r n it u r e , 2 T o r o M o w e r s . A n t ia u e s , M is c 
1o6o3 M ills p r in g , 
496 7437 S A T a n d S U N O N L Y ' 

G o fo g e S o le S a t S u n . c lo th e s som e tu rn , o d d s n e n d s 855 H o t 
W atts 
_____________________________ 
G A R A G E S A L E ' T h u rs 
F r i a n d 
Sot 
F o rre s t H ills . St 14 S a in t N i ch o lo s 
D o u b le b e d 57o T w in b e d 
55o 
D ra p e s , b a b y th m q s . m is c ite m s 
G A R A G E S A L E . S o t S u n 
58o7 
B e n n in g to n o ft C a lla h a n 

S A L E 
G A R A G E 
S A L E 
C h i l d r e n s m e n s, w o m e n s, c lo t h in g ; c o r s e a t; b e ll c o lle c t io n , c o s tu m e 
* ' , 
S e c tio n a l c o u c h , e x c e lle n t le w e lry . M IS C S at 9 a m Sam 474 fo u n d a tio n 55o R o c k in g c h o ir cu 
W H o rd in g B lv d s h io n $4 7 s te re o . " W ^ R 'a v e r s . 
G A R A G E S A L E M o n T u e s 
11*6 
W o o d d in in g t a b le , 
$1o ea ( n e e d s s lig h t r e p a i r ) 
114 1o55 o tte r 5pm 

S E W IN G M o c h in e Z ig Z a g P o rto b le 
G o o d c o n d itio n , c o m p le te 
565 923 3395 
________ 

Sofa. ( h a ir , b la c k v in y l, 3 ta b le s . 2 la m p s , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , c o ll 
O tte r 5, 653 8541 $775 F o r o il 

 c h a irs 
56o 
B ik e , $1o 
T rik e , $1o 
C lo th e s, M is c 

G A R A G E S A L E 
16 " g a s s to v e , 
$65 G ir l s 21" b ik e . 57o 
S h o tg u n w a ll ro c k $7 SO 
C o m p le te d o u b le 
; b e d , $25 
T w in b e d o n d s p rin g s , 
5)o 
C oat o n d d re s s e s , s iz e 24' 
S oto 
T e ll C ity H o rd ro c k M a p le 
£ h . ld A j o v s _ a n d . c t o t M ^ s u e s 
A n tiq u e G o ld , lik e n e w . C o sh $25o 
684 413R 

S O N Y TC 75* la o e d e c k 

C A F E E Q U IP M E N T 
W a lk in c o o le r, B e e r b o x 
Ic e m a c h in e . S te a m to b le 
S tove o n d h o o d 734 o)93 

C o m p le te g ro u p s of o ffic e fa r m lu r e C o ll 8 4. 225 5746 

6o C P T C A S S E T T E S 
2 S O U N D H O O D S 275 4761 

C u s to m b a r w ith s in k s , cook to p . g rid d le , g ift c o u n te r, c h o ir s a n d ta b le s 878 5662 

— d Te ’b S l d r o t a r y f i l e — 
______________ 922 544)______________ 

F a c t o r y } n d 12x32 p o r t o ffic e te rm s , fre e d e l 651-81)1 

F o r A I L N E W o n d U S E D K itc h e n 
E q u ip m e n t a n d S u p p lie s See 
L e v in s o n R e s ta u ra n t S u p p ly Co 
19oo Son P e d ro ___________ 733 o93) 

F O R S A L E s m a ll size c o m m e r ­ c ia l ty p e ic e m o k e r ( F r ig id a ir e ) 
O ne c h e s t ty p e c o m m e rc ia ) C oke b o x 
B o th g o o d c o n d itio n 
C o ll 
( X U 9S6 J 4 2 1 o r 512 996 34o2 

F r o n t e n d L o o d e r . « C Y , T e re x 
72-51, S N 4149, g o o d c o n d itio n , 
7 )1 491 44oo 
L o c a te d in H o u s to n , 
T e x o s _______________________________ ' 

3o I t F a b te x m o b ile p la t f o r m 
735 9137. 8 IO till 5 3o 

 h 6 b A R V" d is h w a s h e r, p o t s to v e a n d a lu m p o t 
W o ffle Ir o n 
Oft b lo c k b e n c h e s 876 5879___________ 

IC E M A K E R . ice c re a m m a c h in e , m ix e r , o v e n , r e fr ig e r a to r , c h a irs o n d to b ie s 733 1297________ 

 l 6 s i L E A S E f ix t u r e s s h o w 
I ca s e s , w a ll c a s e s , c a s h re g is te r , e tc 
A Z T E C J E W E L E R S , 22o E 
H o u s to n 225 8457 

S W E D A c a s h r e g is t e r , I t o ta l 
(ty p e 67oo7oo1 
$325 c a s h a s is 
973 827) 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
H A S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G ___ 

O o m o g e d 12x4o h e a w d tv p o rt b ld g . F re e d o t., te r m s 737-5)7) 

LEPPARD LUMBER# 
IOO N e w o n d U s e d W in d o w s a n d 
D o o rs a t D is c o u n t 6o y r s in B u s in c s s a t s a m e lo c a tio n 
W e c a n s a v e y o u m o n e y 
3 )o 3 W 
C o m m e re e 

Molten Lumber Co 
"D e p e n d a b le S in ce 1935" 
C o ll o r see us to r d e liv e re d p ric e s 
( w i t h i n 
6o m i o f 
S A ) o n 
P R E F A B ro o t tr u s s e s , e v t e n o r w a ll s e c tio n s , in te r io r p a r titio n s . o r c o m p le te h o u s e S H E L L on y o u r p la n s o r o u rs 
W H O L E S A L E 
R E T A IL 
4o7 N Z o r io m o r g 4)2 7881 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
G ood l u m b e r-G o o d L e n g th s 
1x8 
19c L F 
2x6 
19’ re L F 
2x8 
76c L F 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
» SOO S e g u in R d , 2 ?6 3 )4 1 » 

U se d 14x2o M o b ile H o m e A d d (Un 
T e rm s D e liv e ry 974 5oo3_________ 

74x74 G A R A G E on c o n c re te 2 O H d o o rs , Oft w a lls , p r im e d s id in g , s e n ld o w n r o o f in g , c a s h p r ic e 
$7999 
W ill a ls o b u ild a n y s u e to y o u r s p e c i f i c a t i o n s 
P h o n e 
433 7471 fo r fre e est 
A b b o tt B u ild in g S u p p ly 

B E A U T I F U L Q u e e n S iz e S o fa 
B ed. 2 m a tc h in g c h a irs , c o c k ta il ta b le a n d en d to b ie s , $195. V e lv e t co u ch , $1oo L o v e S eat $75. C h a irs 
55o. A s s o rte d c o lo rs . C h ro m e a n d 
G la s s T a b le s 515 e a ch 
A ll W ood b e d r o o m s e ts . D in e t t e s 
C a n 
D e liv e r S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
349 4)27 
___________ 

C le a n , s a n itiz e d m a ttr e s s e s $26 
#a 
G ood H o lly w o o d b e d fr a m e s 
5)2 5o A A S F u r n itu r e 736 1681 

D IS P L A Y E D b u t N e v e * U s e d 
C o m p le te H o u s e fu l F u r n it u r e . 
W ill T ra d e fo r E a u o l V a lu e A ll o r 
S om e C on D e liv e r 
S M IT H C O N 
S T R U C T IO N 149 4177______________ 

D IS P L A Y E D F u r n itu r e , B ro v h iil 
L o n e , B a s s e tt, S e rta , T h o m a s v ille a n d o th e r n o m e b ra n d s A v a ila b le 
Ot S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
P le o se C o m e M a k e o n O fte r on a ll or one p ie c e 349 4177______________ 

F A R L Y A m e ric a n B e d ro o m S et, in c lu d e s T r ip le D r e s s e r , H u tc h , 
M ir r o r , C h e st, N ig h t S ta n d , B ed a n d F o u n d a tio n 
$25o 
D is p la y e d 
O n ly C o n D e liv e r . S M IT H C O N 
S T R U C T IO N 349 4127_____________ 

E X T R A F ir m O r th o p e d ic K in g s iz e M a ttr e s s , 2 B o x S p rin g s in 
F o u n d a tio n . S75 
S till in O r ig in a l 
P a c k a g e O th e r S ite s C o s t L e s s 
C an D iliv e r 
S M IT H C O N S T R U C - 
T IO N 149 4)27_____________________ 

F u lls iz e ro m p le te b e d s, $49 95 up 
G a s r a n g e s , $69 95 u p 
O o v b e d , 
139 95 UP 

Annual Spring Sale 
N E W S TO C K 
G o o d P ric e s G ood C o ffe e 
R e g is te r to r G ift G ro w in g 
T h u rs d a y - F r id a y S a tu rd a y 
M a r 17-18 19. 1oA M 8 P M 

V ic to ria n fu r n itu r e . 3 -p t a o r lo r s e t, m a r b le to p ta b le s , m a r b le to o d r e s s e r , lo ts o f 
o o k 
L o v d y s s la n t to p d e s k , a r m o i r e s . h a l l t r e e s . s e c r e t a r i e s , b e d s 
G la s s , 
C h in a , p o r c e la in , b is q u e fig u rin e s , p r im itiv e s 

D O N T M IS S T H IS S A L E 
3 D A Y S O N L Y 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
545o O ld S e g u in R d 
( K ir b y ) 661 SS82 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
S u n d a y , M a r 2o, I 3o P M 
G a ry 's A n tiq u e A u c tio n H o u se 
L o c k h a rt, T x 
C a ll 198 37o- 

A N T IQ U E S IN B O E R N E 
S h o rt O rtv e N o rth 
7 fr ie n d ly sh o p s in o u r a re a 

A n t iq u e 
T y p e w r i t e r , O n e OI 
A m e r ic a s 
F i r s t 
E l e c t r i c , 
I t 
W o rk s . A s k in g $775, M a k e o tte r 
824 8o19 o r 874 1275______________ 

A re Y o u r A n tiq u e s o n d C o lle c t h ie s P r o p e r ly In s u re d ? C e r tifie d 
In v e n to r y , L ic e n s e d A p p r a is e r . 
P h il M o ro n 734-5648 

B E S S ’ A N T I Q U E S 
545o O ld S e q u in R d . 661 5587 

B ro n z e b u s lT s io n e d V o n D e rS tra te n , 
1 8 ", o rig io n g l 
P a tin o , 
781-7775 

& U Y S E L L A P P R A IS E 
B e s t P ric e s P a id fo r A n tiq u e s 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
T O W N A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
826 2749 34o9 B ro a d w a y 73S 24)4 

AMERICAN 
Antique AUCTION 
Sunday, (Aor. IO, I AAA s o r t e r z v r w M AU 
I '/j mt lost o1 landolph A ft mom gate on Hwy 78 
Beautiful polished Brass cosh register leftmshed oak, walnut, ond pine furniture ond 
” glassware wtll be sold regardless of price 
O W N *! 
M A X W tU PANK 
OF ANTIQUIS 
6 5 8 1264 a* 6 5 * $41 9 
John A R ow land B om a* 
A uction m en. TxOC-77 o 2 o 3 

OLD MIRRORS RESILVERED 
F a st. L o w C ost, E x p e rt W o rk 
D is c o u n t to th e tr a d e ! 

MIRROR WORLD 
728 W 
H ild e b ro n d _______ 734 6391 

O P A S A N T I Q U E S 
77o3 S H a c k b e rry 

P in k D o g w o o d g la s s w a r e a n d g re e n 
S a n d w ic h g la s s w a re 
624 2 3 1 7 ___________________________ 

Q U E E N S A N T I Q U E S 
28o9 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
H o u rs 
9 5 

>845 S te in w a y C o n c e r t G r a n d . r a r e c o lle c to rs ite m 
R o s e w o o d , e le g a n t c a r v e d le g s 
U s e d in 
S te in w a y M a ll t 865 1878, 713 7775 

Y a h e n d ' a U T iT u F ? ---------- 
F ra m e d M ir r o r s 
H A T T IE S A T T IC in C o lo n ie s N o rth M o ll 

T e xo s P in e K itc h e n C a b in e t 
O ak L a r k in D esk 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5o8 D a lla s 

T H E 

O I J O N P L A Z A , 7 7 o ) B R O A D 
W A Y , 824 199) 
S la n t F r o n t A m , . , 
- 
. _ „ 
D e s k . 
F r 
A r m o i r e 
B la n k e t 
* f.5 “ i 2 V ,*‘ C ® 'l* V .Q.b le ' 
Different Drummer 

Fawcett Furniture 
416 D o lo ro s o . 227 6512 

K o ro tfc m s D o w n to w n T h r ift 
B a s e m e n t, N e w -u s e d fu r n itu r e 
231 E C o m m e rc e , 111 6361 

L A ^ K 4 b is c o u n t W a re h o u s e ' 
U se d F u r n itu r e o n d A p p lia n c e s 
943 C O L IS E U M D R 
27S 7444 

M E D IT E R R A N E A N K m q s ire Be d ro o m S u ite 7 p ie c e C a n D e liv e r. 
SITS 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N . 
349-4127_____________________________ 

9o9 PAWNBROKERS 

A M E R IC A N l o a n c o b u y s e ll tro d e a n y th in g o t v a lu e 
1624 E C o m m e rc e 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 
ES TA B LIS H E D 19o* 
WE BUY & SELL 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T N IN U M 
G O L D 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y * F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N O E S T A T E S 
125 A L A M O P L A Z A 

C h e s ts , P in e C u p b o a rd , H o o d e d 
C r a d le s , G r a n d f a t h e r C lo c k s , 
F o u r P o s te r B e d , F r 
D in in g T o b le o n d C h o irs . B o s k e ts . B ra s s a n d P e w te r E tc 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
1525 MC 
C U L L O U G H 
227 48Q1 

1 G e n u in e P e r s ia n c a r p e t ' T u r k o m o n , 7x)D ' 876 349o a fte r 5 

! l f y o u h o v e A n tiq u e s , j e w e l r y , I 
D io m o n d s , S t e r lin g , G o ld o r 
O rie n ta l R u g s to se ll, y o u 'll g e t the 
B e s t P r ic e f r o m S o n A n to n io 's 
F in e s t Shop 
Regency Antiques 
M IS M e a n e r . 822 544oT 347 5o7o 

I M a g n ific e n t c u t g lo s s o n d c r y s ta l 
( C h a n d e lie r fo r s o le b y a r iv a t c i o w n e r 
F o r a p p o in tm e n t c a ll 
877 $712 

M IR R O R B E S IL V E R IN G 

The Mirror Shoppe 
D iv is io n o t F in ls h m o T o u c h in c 
112o P o r r id g e . 349 3689 

O A K F U R N I T U R E 
226 1474 
G ro b o A n tiq u e s . 2934 A u s tin H w y 

1o2o T O W N S E N D , 826 3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 

/ I M S E M I A N N U A L 

ANTIQUE 

SHOW & SALE 
M a rc h 18 19 1oAM 9 P M 
M a rc h TO. N oon 
6 P M 

C I V I C C E N T E R 
N e w B ra u n fe ls . T e x o s 
A D M IS S IO N . $1 OO 
G o o d A ll T h re e D o v s 

 t o S o li y o u r A n tiq u e s 
O N E A N D A L L 
H e re s th e n u m b e r to r you to c o ll 
633 26oo, 631 o34o (c o s h p a id ) 
___________ J IM L IS T E R 
________ 

W A T C H T H IS C O L U M N fo r ro m p le te liq u id a tio n o f a n tiq u e sh o p , 
S u n d o y, M a r 27 P A T S Y B U Y S 

W e r e p a ir o ld P u m p O ra a n s 
E D G A ID A S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO 
78o6 N F lo re s 
731 1544 

1w 

I t s P o u t" c o p y w ith h a rd s h e ll G ib s o n ro s e lik e n ew SHO 658 84o) q tli-r lp m 

S 
M e r t r o p h o n u C o n s o le S te re o 
--------------------------- w it h 
A M F M 
R a d io 
R e c o r d 
L o d v K e n m o re 3 s p a 
P lo v e r o n d 
T o p e R e c o rd e r W ill 

 ble d re s s e r bed no m a ttre s s e s f t ’ V/ 7 o' d 
’" “ 
OV f o " ' 4 
SISO 
E a r ly A m e r ic a n l i v i n g i . 
--- ro o m so fa 
7 ro c k e rs 525o M o E n t r a n c e d o o r c o m p le t e w it h pie d in in g ro o m an d b u ffe t. 
HOO h a r d w a r e A n t iq u e b a t h t u b 
144 677o j s to v e v o c u u m c le a n e r, b e d , m is c | 

B e d r o o m s u it * 
S A N M A R C O c 
Q u e e n s iz e b e d n ig h t s t a n d , I E s k a IS c o r a t S o lid G o ld W a tc h o m o ir e . t r ip le d re s s e r o n d m ir a n d B a n d , 
L is t $1)oo Sell 185o, 
484 189 S 

ES T A T I S A I r 
D e iT o n T T T T n T rrr 
Iro n OI lu n k r a d io s g o m e s n p p o u n c e s , a n tiq u e s 
T e x a s r h e s l o ld t r u n k b o t t le s n o m g h o s t to w n s We g e l ll. co m e a n d la k e n look 
O pen l r o m lo o m Spin 
T h u r 
F i t 
S o t 
F o r in f o r m a t io n r a i l 
4424 IBIO N W In d u s tr ia l D r 

 r o t 671 7227 

B IK E $12 $o S tove $12 SO O ld sin h s 
H S 111 2939 

B o g e n p u b lic A d d re s s A m p lifie r'. 
IOO w a tts id e a l to r c h u rc h o r ot h e e a m p lific a tio n $15o 1 517 51o5, 
(c a ll a tt 7pm 

B b w M N d I J X m i b W in o n a 

D in e tte . 4 c h a in . I le a t 
D in in g s e t. E a r ly 
A m e ric a n , 7 le a v e s . 7 b e n c h e s , 7 c h o ir s 
B ig b u ffe t 
L iv in g ro o m to b le . s q u a re 
C a b in e t, p a in te d 
684 9194_____________________________ 

L a c iy K e n m o r e p o r t a b le d is ft w a s h e r, w ith c u ttin g b o a r d to p , 
$9o 473 1)6o 

L o rg e m e ta l o ffic e d e sk 
54o 
34! 1821 

 la r g e r e fr ig e r a to r . $78 
E le c tr ic 
S tove w ith d o u b le o v e n . $4o O ld b e d ro o m s u ite , $7$ 
Ir o n d in e tte . 
$7o 826 7971 or 724 5589___________ 

 c u i. C ra fts m a n 

8 IO 
S p in d le d o u b le h d b d . $2o 
M IS C D a ily ll-S p rn 44S5 L o rk 

•GARAGE SALE# 
.S o lid M a p le d in in * r o o m f u r n i- 
_____________________________________ lu re , v in y l o n d p la s tic p a tio to m e 
S o o n is h s t y le lo v e s e a t. g o ld lu r e , s o m e N o r t o k e , B i a r r i t z c ru s h v e lv e t. HOO 656 6 o 7 / o tte r 4 
O th e r ite m s 
S o t a n d S u n d a y 
Dm o n ly 
L e ft o f 9$oo b lo c k P e r r in 

B e d e l to 95o7 K im b r o ___________________________ 

G a ra g e S ole 42o4 K in g C re s t o ft 

 re e lc o a . 6 h e a d s, b ra n d n e w w ith d u s t c o v e r 
A s t e a l a t $ 6 o o 
876 349o o tte r 5pm 

£ $ * i U. H n - H * 3 Vri i . °7Jo|hO rd,V I t i i A 
+ f S A L E 
S ilv e r, c u f C i v™" 
* w ta t. se w in g m a c h in e s w h e e lc h a ir. 
B U I k R I (> W o rm B u y e rs W a n t c d 
W ill S u p p ly Y o u r N e e d s , 
L o r e * o r S m a ll. B es) P r ic e o n d 
Size W rite P O 12195. S an A n to n 
1o. 78212 O n B u s in e s s S ta tio n e ry . 
R E D W O R M S F A R M L T D ________ 

B u y in g o ld re c o rd s b e fo re 1965 

M a n y m o n y o th e r ite m s 
C A S M 
O N L Y 
Slur lin g So! BS 
11o2 San 
F ra n c is c o 
E th a n A lle n l i m lo u n d ta b le 
I le a f m a p le f in is h 
7 m a t c h in g a rm c h o u s 
I y i o ld S22S D e c o r g to r a r m c h a ir , le a th e r w ith h a n d p a y in g $1o-11oo 534 174o c o rv e d F re n c h tro m e , $25o 
M is - 
C a b m e ts fo r k itc h e n . $1o e a 
2 c e llo n e o u i g a ra g e so le ite m s d ry e rs need r e p a ir SIO. 2 a ir to n i 872 3996 tm d d ia n e rs , $3o a n d $4o 
I w o o d e n w in d o w IS 661 3272 

7 67 C a lib re R u s s ia n r ifle . M o s ia n 
1914. w ith s h e lls , HOO o r b e s t o tte r, 3o3o W in c h e s te r w ith s h e lls a n d e a rly A m e ric a n g u n c a b in e t, b o th $12$ 
G a r n e t r i n g $4o 
D ia m o n d p e n d a n t $4o A tta r tp m . 
117 $888 
C A M E R A L l NS 
N ik o n 5oo m m 
N ik k o r 4 5 $185 135mm N ik k o r 2 I 
$178 122 9945 

 d a m p in g G e a r. fo o ls , e x e rs is e r. r i d i n g T o w n m o w e r , e l e c t r i c h e a te rs , m is c e lla n e o u s . S at Cash 
O n ly 1 971 O a kw o o d Dr 
41 1 )7 2 4 

C a r p e l u s e d . S c u lp tu r e d b lu e 
11x17, go ld >8x11 
Shag h o t p in k lo x 12, t x * 13yd 684 o117 

 d a sh R e g is te r G ift C o u n te r 
828-1667 

C B R a d io (L a fa y e tte 71 ch a n n e l. b a s e u n it , P A s y s te m . SISO ) 
D is h w a s h e r, ( K e n m o re , d e lu x e , s a n ita tio n , rin s e o n d h o ld c y c le , p o rta b le , w ith c u ttin g b o a rd $I6o> 
828 7144 

 d C iL IN G F A N S 2 top sh o p e . $32o e a c h 654 o226 

IS d e ro m ic M o ld s HOO F a r in to r m o tio n C o li 
I 99$ 2711 

 i o 
T f i t i n r m u s t sell a n y o r a il 
B lo c k le a th e re tte , co st $2$ ea Set) 
SIO ea 
141A114 d a y s . 
>44 H O I e ve n s 

C b e tf iJO, C h iffe ro b e $1o S e w ing 
M a c h in e $6o. D a y B ed $7o 7 F ile r 
C a b in e ts 17$ eg 616 471o 

C la ssic G u ita r tik e new $2o Span 
■sh C h a n d e lie r $4o eel 4344 

 d o fJ e 'e t a b le , s t e r e o ^ J w in s e t b o x s p r m g a n d m a ttr e s s , b e ig e r u g 14x16, 2 g re e n ru g s D x IO A ll p e rfe c t c o n d 337 61 14 

C o lo n ia l s o lo lo v e s e a t, s w iv e l c h o ir 
L e ss th a n $ m os o ld 
P e r­ fe c t c o n d itio n 
$8oo or b e s t o tte r 
C o li o tte r Sp rn, 735 1775 

 d o lo r iH B T o S S M O T V . A d m ir a l 
18o 423 668o 
C olor Y v . b lo c k and w h ile T V tw in a n d tuU sne beds, dressers, c o uch , oak w a rd ro b e , e le c tric ra n g e , re frig e ra to r, a d d in g ma c h in e 349 o82o 

 d o te r TV 15 fie o n C o n so le Ex c e d e n t C o n d itio n USO 923 1761 d d L d B T V 
H is t x c e iie n t d on a itio n COH 422 4775 

F a c to r y s e c o n d 1ox12 p o r ta b le b o rn , w o o d s id in g , te r m s , t r e e del 
67oo NW IH IO 732 5)71 

F iffy Nine- P o u lts O u m o n d L oose. 
HOO 
684 4181 a tte r 6 w e e k d a y s 
I a n d a tl d a y w e e k e n d s 

P o o i i A L L . i i i o 
______________723 4o73 
_________ 
FOS U L E . C o p p e rto n e r e ln g , 2 s ide b y side d o o rs , w ith ic e m a k e r 
( 5)75 an d S ta in le s s ste e l, c a b in e t lo p E le c tr ic s to v e . $75 
455 I H I 
I BW. lam 

F re n c h P r o v in c ia l 1oI o . r e f r ig e r a to r stove tw in beds, d in e tte be d ro o m set, c o u c h , c h e sts, d re s s e r 
333 4458 

F r le e h r ic h 18 

C o m m e rc ia l B u s t net B o a rd pool ta b le a ls o S e e b u rg J e w e l box 
I 1 6 8 -ID I 

C o p p e r d in n e r p la te s . 6 la rg o , * s m a ll 15o *»S 1175 u tte r 4p m 

8 8 " c o u c h o n d 2 ro c k e r re c lin e rs , b la c k le a th e r good c o n d itio n $3oo 
628 1316 

C o u c h ,' E a r I y A m e r ic a n t o r o ! p r in t G ood co n d HOO $66 2915 

 d ttg iiw t m d S e b o r a n d b o r stools a n d ito m te s s ste e l u n d e rb a r sink. 
4 c o m p o rtm e n ts 826 5643 

6 e s k a id w o o d e n b o x ty p e w ith tin e tr im , m u s t se ll 
$296 o r best o tte r 
141 6679 611 2146 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O a k , W a ln u t. M e ta l 
E x e c u tiv e . 
S e c re to ry , S tu d e n t • la r g e le le c lio n 
$49 $o o n d u p 
A d o G o o d s e le c tio n o f F I L E C A B IN E T S 
H H B asse R d , 7 ) 1 /1 4 /, 714 M i l 

 c i r c o n d i lio n e r . good c o n d itio n 874 o1 /8 

C rig id o ire w a s h in g m a c h in e $66 
411-161/ j 

F n g iO o ire a u to m a tic w a s h e r 
16o 
415 IQ I/ 

F r o s tle is Ic e M o k e r. B ro w n Re- f r ig e r a t o r $125. B u ilt In D is h w a sh e r $25. B u ilt In D o u b le O ve n , 
R a n g e Top o n d V e n t a h o o d $75, 
D re is e r $4o 442 3519 

 f u r n it u r e A u u 'io n c e t J e w e lry 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s a p p r o v e d w ith s q u ir e d d o w n p a y m e n t C o ll Im p e r to! F u rn 237 272/ 414 B ro d y 

G A R A G E S A L # , C o ro n e t, d o r m c t, t r a m p o lin e , b e d s , c lo t h e s , m isc 
19th 2oth 24th 2 /th , H A M to 
D u sk 1411 N W 24TH______________ 

G I lo ', } d o o r r e fr ig e r a to r 
G ood c o n d itio n $7$ 514 74oo_____________ 

G E e le c tric ro n g e p e rfe c t $hciu- b a r v e ll g o ld $9o 661 $418 

 s r r e f r i g e r a t o r c o m b in a t io n fre e z e r on b o tto m $85 471 $4*4 

G ib so n L9S F re tle s s to s s ( iu ita r , 
8 m o s 
G o o d C o n d 417 /1 4 / A sk to r Roy 

 d ir ts c lo th in g , som e h a rd ly w o rn , 
Size IO l l 14, ASS-IBOA 

GRAND OPENING 
McDonald’s 

 lite Clearance Center tor 

 one ot America's Largest 

 furniture Leasing Co's. 
W e R e n te d It FTrst 
So w e c a n s e ll it to r less 

 la w n M o w e r, 3 1 ^ 1 
E a g e r l l 
S e lf p r o p e lle d 
E x c e l I le n t c o n d itio n HOO IC I 1185 

 l i k e n e w K e n m o re d is h w a s h e r, 
A v o c a d o g re e n 117$ 454 o6o9___ 

L iv in g ro o m se!, c o n s o le s te re o . 
L a n e c e d a r c h e s t , c h e s t o f d ra w e rs IO sp e e d b ik e 333 2154 

 li v i n g ro o m s u ite , ta b le s a ir u n ­ its , w in d o w s h u tte rs , 542 T e p e k o 

 lo w r e y T g e n ie G e n ie o rg o n . w a r- r q n ty . s a c rific e 446 /768 

M a g ic C h e f R o n g e , 5 b u r n e r s , a v o c a d o . 515o 654 4288 

M A G N A V O X T o b le M o d e l ?> 
C o lo r TV P e r fe c t c o n d itio n $125 
974-o744 

M a h o g a n y fo ld in g t r o y b o r n e w 
$45 
C o r p e t lig h t b lu e D x 11, $2o 
M ir r o m a tic p te ts u r e c o o k e r, n ew 
H S , F a r b e r w o r e b r o ile r , ro tis s e r 
IC, $4o lik e n ew M is c 824 o415 

M a n u a l h o v e l t y p e w r it e r ta b le 
73) 1o62 o tte r 5p m o n d S o t Sun 

M e n s d i o t h m g . S u it s . 4 2 - i i . 
S h irts , sh o e s, s p o r t c o a ts . h o ts , o c c e s L a d ie s C lo th in g . Size IO 13 
1o7 C le a rv ie w 4 )3 55o4 

M ic ro w a v e O v e n 76 G E e x c e lle n t 1 c o n d itio n $335 49o 4o87 j 

N a m e b r a n d c o m p o n e n t s te re o o u tfit. 7 p ie c e s to p c o n d itio n . 5)3o 
>38 84o3 a tte r 3pm _________________ 

N e w 5x8 h e a v y d u ly u tility t r a ile r a ll steel, be d a n d s id e s . 6 p ly tire s . 
$535 A llo Set u t S p o ke h u b caps. 
69o 4632 

N o rta k i c h in o , " D u e llo " p a tte r n l p la c e s e ttin g w ith le a set o n d ex tr o p ie c e s 32oo 66 1 433o__________ 

N u m e r o u s q u a l i t y h o u s e h o ld ite m s to d is p o s e o f 
H id e a B e d , 
Z e n it h S te r e o w it h R e c o r d s . 
P e c a n C o c k t a il T o b le , S in g e r 
S e w in g M a c h in e , E x e r c v c ie . A u t o m a t ic W a s h e r . B o o k c a s e s . 
D e sk, P ic tu re s . M o n y B o o ks, E n c y c lo p e d ia o n d M O R E ' P h o n e 
734 7684 to r In to a n d p o o f 

O ld 54" M o und O a k P e d e s ta l T o b le , I le a v e s . SOSO 
H i b a c k O ak c a rv e d c h o irs , 734 3283____________ 

O ne h o lt c a r a t d ia m o n d r in g 
J I 
•a la i w e ig h t 1795 684 4 l l I a tte r 6 w e e k d a y s o n d o il d a y w e e k e n d s 

O r a n g e s o n d 
G r a p e f r u i t 
W h o le s a le . 
I 
3 o a m 6 1 6 p m 
514 1831. 5 J Porn I TOO rn 512 268) 

I O v e rh e a d g a 'a g e d o o rs . ( O 'x lF , a ll a lu m in u m fr a m e g la s s p a n e ls . 
17oo tor o il I 744 o434_____________ 

P a n ts u its a n d d re s s e s S izes 5. 5 
IO 4)5 9J64 

P IA N O 
■ 

SPEAKER KITS 
2 
2 w a y o n d I w a y s y s te m s , you p u t th e m to g e th e r w ith e a s y to fo llo w d ire c tio n s , s a ve up to 6o% w h o le s a le , fo r m o re in to c o ll 
434 7o61 
S p n -d Q ueen W a s h e r, H o o d C on d itio n N e w R a c in g H e a d e rs to r 
P ly 181 44o C o ll 141-3134_________ 

S te r e o 
I o w e - O a t o ( G e r m a n ! , te a k c a b in e t, IO y r s o ld . g o o d c o n d it io n 
B e s t o f t e r 
144 7697 o tte r 6 

S io r a g e P r o b le m ! B r a n d n e w g re e n v in y l R E C H N E R 
N e v e r use d P o id o v e r HOO W ill s e ll fo r 
585 cash 
92$-5116; 
A fte r 
6, 

I * * * * * * * 
S to v e o v o c o d o g re e n , g a s , g o o d 
; c o n d itio n 133 713 99 /4 
7 s w iv e l r o c k e r s w ith o tto m a n 
M U T T T P r in F T im ir y ^ a T a g e lia le 

C o lis e u m , G e m b le r T h u rs Sol 

G A R A G E S A L E 
9 7 ll d o m in i. 9 6 
S ot S un 
HO v o lt o c , s o fa . o c c o s io n a l c h a irs , b u ffe t, m is c 

G A R A G E S A L E 
3314 F a lle n 
L e a t M o i 19 9 a m I 3opm 
6 A ftA 6 'i S A L I lA iU iN t ik it e A 
TI A V E 
F R I S A T M A R C H 23 76. 
1oam ? 

G a r a g e s a le 4 s ) ' D e llc r e s t o il 
R ig s b y a n d W W W h ite 
S a t 
M a r c h 1 9 th 
F u r n i t u r e , t o y s , c lo th e s , etc C h e a p p ric e s 
G A R A G E s a l e — 
S T I* R o , a ! 
P o in t o ft R a n d o lp h B lv d . S a t. 
M u r 
14 

M a s s iv e C o r a g e S a le 
C h u t r h 
I P ro te c t. W ed th r u S ot 415 C h e rry 
R id g e 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

9o4 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 

A D D I T I O N S 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
G & S LUMBER 
4647 R O O S E V E L T 
974 8554, 974 8557 

124o I p a rs o n $ ta b le s $4o, b e n c h w ith p o d d e d to p $125 675-1787 

S B W M o d e l 36 $nub nose 
38 w ith h a n d to o l h o ls te r H IS S te rlin g 27 o u to m o tic $75 B o th P is to ls B ra n d 
N e w N e v e r F ir e d P r ic e s F ir m 
824 8o19 D a ys 

T e e n "& » is "C lo th e s ->)7z7 
V L o g ic s 
C lo th e s S iz e IO, C o ffe e T a b le 
444 3o11 415 R io Seco_____________ 

TELEPHONE BENCH 
S o lid o o k , p e c a n tm is h . 3 m o o ld 
337 8o6o SIB. 
T e le s c o p e J o s o n to o k tr ip o d o il le n s , lik e n e w . co st $2oo s e ll HOO 
451 788o 
T w in b e d . C h o il. N o t H e r, C o ffe e 
T a b le 421 4771 
T w in ■ le d " m o d e r n c o u c h o n d c h o ir , f u l l i n g b o x ip n n g . m a t t r e n . o n d h e a d b o a rd 613 1o44 

T w in b * d $ n > o x $ p r in g a n d m o i tre s s , 5 d ra w e r ch e st, v e r y g o o d c o n d itio n . 1)73 721 2o67 

T w o liv in g ro o m s u ite s I S pam vK , 
I v e lv e t 1)3o e a c h $12 1147 

T y p e w r ite r , S e ie c fric . y r s v e ry c o n t r a il $17$ 223 6344 
136 1448 

S e le c t n e , lo v e s e a t 

Sot M o r 19 Porn » 1473 W ilts h ire 

S tereo, e x e rc y c le , fio t s e rv in g ie b i t . o p a l. c o m e r o , o ffic e tu r n 
G o o d ie s ' 9o1o W ic k fte ld S at Sun lp m ? s t f z E E T " 6 A 
» A o f 
U 
U 
" la m l p m 
S a t S u n 
M o r 24-27 
IO fa m ilie s in F o x R u n on B u r r H ill 
S tre e t 
W ill be s e llin g fu r n itu r e . la m e r as. c lo th e s , to y s ste re o 
E T C 
_____ 
T w in b e d in n e r s p r in g m a ttr e s s o n d fr a m e , 6 F re n c h P r o v in c ia l t r u it w o o d d i n in g c h a ir s . 
I 
3 d r a w e r c h e s t. 2 th r o w r u g s . 
S a le sm e n s a m p le o ffic e o n d h o m e ite m s 
2 )o M E A D O W O O D 
S a t 
O N L Y ! Porn 2p m 

V A R b S A L E o n d fu r n itu r e , 5o1 f 
D E W 
E Y j l O A M I o S P M ^ ^ ^ ^ 

93o MERCHAWDISt WARTED 

" T ir t J a u e s r S p n ia n c H ^ J m ^ 
WE PAY MORE 

T y p e w r i t e r 
IB M c h e c k w rite p a y m a s te r 
716 1o9o 
T V P i V f t 'F I 'F t N 
'r 
'i x E l 1' e r o s !' b le b o n d $4 SO p e r re a m 713-877o 

U N IT E D F R E IG H T S A L E S 
N o I 
1o4 E 
L A M A R 
NO 2 
1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
F in e F u r n itu r e 
F r a c tio n o t r e tg il 
Used Office Furniture 
D e s k s , c h a ir s , t y p e w r it e r s , a d d in g m o c h m e i M e r e ' 144 2674 

U S E D O N E Y E A R S P O T L E S S 
C O N D I T I O N ! 
C o n t e m p o r a r y p la id l i v i n g r o o m s u it e 
S o to , lo v e s e a t a rm c h a ir, $' c o ffe e to h ie s 2 a sh tr a y s to n d s . s w iv e l T V ta b le , d in e tte w ith 4 c h a irs . Q ueen size be d w ith h e a d b o a rd 
F re n c h 
P r o v in c ia l tr ip le d re s s e r 
7 n ig h t s ta n d s la m p s b u n k b e d s w ith d o u b le r a i l s . M u s t s e e to a p p r e d a t e C a ll M o to r M o h a m m e d 
Ib r a h im 47$ o414 

— 
U t f c D r t E M t 6 r » A f a 6 4 — 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 

E s ta te s . A n y th in g of v a lu e tra m one p ie c e to h o u s e fu l C o il 
143 4753 A n y tim e ________ E s t 
1444 

B u y in g la te m o d e l r e fr ig e r a to r s , fre e z e rs n e e d in g re p o ir 
I * I )Bos 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
B u y , S ell, T ra d e , R e p a ir 
S H I S A N P E D R O 
876 2127 

C A S H to r w a s h e r s 
K e n m o re ", 
W h irlp o o l n e e d in g re p a ir 

~ 
C ASH fo r y o u r U sed P io n o 
224 / H I o r 234 l l o7 
' D IA M O N D S 

 e c o n 

Lam ps a 
Tobies ............................... 
*s 
H eadboards t i l 
U pholstered C hairs 
*19 
M attress Sets i l l 
Dinettes 
*39 
D ressers 
*59 
Sotos 
................................. . 
*69 
McDonald's 

4742 D o d g e S tre e t 

656-4o55 
Mon S ot , 9 to S 
M a ste r C b a rg e B a n k A m e n c o r d 
S torin g T e r r a c e e xit off 
IH1S, cross under (HJS, Left to Whirlwind, left on Ball 

T a l e r tu n e d C o ll 447 3688 _________ ____ 

P ia n o S4lt5 T e le s c o p e , A '; re tte d lo t w ith t n p u d 
R u g , b lu e 2 tone 
H O 
B o y s c o u t u n if o r m s , s iz e s 
IO 13 18 674 372o 

P ii n'i'c" T a b la . N e w » 1 I 6 ', SeHoS to g e th e r, b e n c h e s a tta c h e d n e v e r used 134 43 d e liv e re d 117 1944 

 f p ie c e b e d ro o m s u ite , r e a io n a b ig, 114 6134 

>9 p ie c e set. h e o v v w e ig h t H o rn le s s s te e l w a t e r le s s c o o k w a r e 
S till in bo x, 444 6446 

P in g p o n g la b ia 
4 p a d d le s , n e t, new m u s t se ll SOQ A tt 6 144 1175 

PLANT PARTIES 
144 16)7 
349 3129 

F o o l foble . Aft , $25o Coil ofter 
3pm pleose, 333 1466 
Peel Table, regulation size. Balls. 
» tu e s $5o 684 6291 

P o o l ta b le with accessories, ex eel cond 
3)18 654 1627 

E o f Plant 6 lo ir iie v h p h it is . $ U 
714 8217 _____________ 

P r o g r a m a b le C a lc u la to r M P J ! , 
B i n o 684 3716 

 r A n ^M M IN K fu ll le n g tti. size I i 
M a tc h in g sable c o lla r 
I y r $7ooo fir m 34 2 29 )9 

U 
7o7 W E S T A V E 
714 4237 

V ic to r ia n L o v e s e a t C a rv e d P ue IT. 
E x c e lle n t C o n d H IO 734 128) 
W a ln u t ''v e n e e r z fe s ii! 1 o * 6 4 , $ d w r i, $4o 674 4541. 674 4767 

W a n te d Ig n itio n m o d e l a ir p la n e e n g in e s , p a rts , ca se s a n d p re I4$o k its M 2 7111 
W A N T E D lib r a r y o r c o n fe re n c e t o b le f o r 
L e a g u e o f 
W o m e n 
V o te rs 664 4387 o r 726 1612 

 w i l y t i i O S e co n d tto n d T o o ls fo r 
M a k in g J e w e lr y , C a ll F r o m 
8 om 6 p m 6717488 
W A te tfc D s m o ll c o n c re te m ix e r w ith o r w ith o u t m o to r 14I-2121 o r 
444 2954 

 w T H T T T B 
Y o u th o r g a n iz a t io n n eeds w a te r s k is lo te a c h y o u n g it e r s b o n e s k iin g d u r in g s u m m e r 
M u s t be v e ry ch e a p * 646 4141 
W A N T P a t t o n s e t', l o v e i e a f c h a irs , c o ffe e to b le 443 7924 w T S U Y 
S I t i a n d ft t i ’6 te S T 
T IO N is g a l s te e l b a r r e ls 
S A N A N T O N IO D R U M CO 
211 E C E V A L L O S 231 7)13 

W e d d in g G o w n s t w o 
O n e $441 
O ne 158 63$o449 
W e d g e w o o d c h in a i t pc d e s s e H s e r v ic e f o r 12 
P la t e s , c u p s , s a u c e r s 
D is c o n tin u e d p a t t e r n , p e rfe c t co n d $275 A tte r 4. w k n d s 
142 7656 

W illia m s 227 67o2. 15o E H o u sto n 

TLI BUY ANYTHING ~ 
T H A T D O E S N 'T E A T ! ! ! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
413 26oo o r o i l OMO 

 o j d t ' F A v r e i w 
------------- 
F o r u s e d f u r n it u r e a n d w o r k in g a p p lia n c e s 923-6942. 927 4o45 
4to6 itd T fcu'vi tofu,-'TW H m T m g re p a ir 923-4159 

S tu d e n t w is h e s to b u y r e tn g e r o to r rn r e p d ir a b le c o n d 111 6271 

Y 6 P C i i i M T a i 6 f i r "y o u 7 'o 7 3 n e w s p a p e r a n d c o r r u fa te d A A B 
CO 
P a p e r 
S to ck 
SIS 
C e ra lv o 
414 o48) 

 w ' a S Y T B a ir c o n d it io n e r s in need of re p a ir 822 5484 

W A W t t o B U V o ld g a s o lin e o n d o il a d v e r t i i i n p , o ld s ig n s , g a s p u m p s , g lo b e s e tc 4S4 6674 

ASPHALT 

A 5 P H A I T R E P A I R I N G A N D 
P A T C H W O R K 
W e do d riv e w a y s , g ra v e l w o rk . N o lo b to o b ig o r loo s m a ll F re e e s tim a te s C o ll J A P 
A S P H A L T CO 674 7346 
S p e c ia liz in g in a s p h a lt p a r k in g lo ts , d riv e w a y s , se o l c o a lin g , etc 
F r e ^ z s tim o le s i 6 8 1 M 
7 4 ^ ^ ^ ^ 

ASPHALT-CO NCRETE 
WORK 

Iff^ T rK rT J e T o tn J ^ S T o n ^ 'p c rtT o s ! d rw y s p a r k in g lo ts , tic >14-1468 

C A L I V M 
M 
T I U r H 
W 
"d o n c r e te s lo b s fo u n d a tio n s , p a tio s , p o rc h e s , d r iv e w a y s , s id e w a lk s . a n d a s p h a lt 3J3 o428 

C e m e n t C o n s tr u c tio n 
^ re d w o o d d e s ig n p o lio s , s id e w a lk s , d r iv e w a y * , a ll ty p e s cd fla t w o rk 
H o v e tro w e l w ill tro v e !, 534 687) 

C o n c re te , b r ic k o n d ro c k w o rk 
P a tio s , d r iv e w a y s , fo u n d a tio n * 
712 3416 or 413 6449 c o ll R ic h o rd 

C o n c ro te . p o lio s , d r iv e w a y * ir e * est G u e rre ro . 924 7777 

C o n c re te p a tio s , w a lk s ,' d r iv e s a d d itio n s 
W in te r P r ic e s 
F r e e e s tim a te s F r a n k , 3)1 I96o 

 c f i N c m 
* W o 7 r - S T 5 K o ir o n d ro o tin g F re e E l l 137 4 2 ll 

 b is c o u n t on a ll c o n c re te , ra c k a n d m a s o n ry w o rk 
D o n e n o w 
F re e est A n y tim e 234 4419, 1)7 17)1 

P E T I T T F in is h D r iv e w a y s , p a n o * , s id e w a lk s a n d w h a t h a v e y o u * 
N o 
1ob to o s m o ll 
H 
R A M IR E Z , 4 )4 7/9o 

S p e c ia liz in g in c o n c r e te '. d riv e w a y s , p o lio s , w a lk s , to u n d o lio n s , etc 
F re e 
E s tim a te s 
411 oo74 

B A B Y S IT TIN G 
C H ILD C A R E 

T T o b ^ I t t m p ^ m T T io m T ^ ^ y o o r s 
A n y tim e M i 643o 

C h ild c a re in m y h o m e 
$35 p e r w e e k 
2 * y r o ld s O ft B la n c o R d 
* * * * * * * 
' 
C H I L D C A R E 
IN M Y 
H O M E 
M o n d a y th ru F r id a y . N E o le o . 
! 4S5-9728 

C h ild c a re in m y h o m e . a n y a g e . 
17o w e e k c o li 924 7o61_____________ 

E x c e lle n t c h ild c a re rn m y h o m e la k e s id e p re p 64o 23o4___________ 

E x p c h ild c a re in m y h o m e V a n ce 
J a c k s o n p re p 344 o9o9____________ 

In fo n i c o re , lic e n s e d . N S lu r m u ll a re g , d a y o r n ig h t le i 32/7_______ 

P re s c h o o l, f u ll- p a r t tim e , m y h o m e 
V o lle y F o rg e 656 2917 

(L e g c h i ld c a r e rn m y h o m e . 
MUUS Ic \ (ii agt )Jj, 4o2__________ 

DIR T SAND G R A V E L 
F IL L TOPSOIL 

T T T f,'<!(>• ir^nrT nrT gaT ^er^T ^ 
7 d a y d e h v 
D U G I T R U C K IN G 
CO 
337 474o a n y tim e $17 54 a n d up 
A 
B a r r o n 
A ll ty p e s d i r t s a n d g ro v e l Y e a r ro u n d d e l 435-6157 

A c t i o n b i l i v E R s f 6 r l e s s 
M O N E Y . 5)4 7*47. 7 dys, 923 4864 

A V E E R T i l i f E D 'V E G E T A b l E 
F A R M T O P S O IL 
D E L I V E R Y 
A V A IL A B L E 484 187) 

A i r t e d . * d ir t. s a n d , g r a v e l 
J im lo n q lp id N u : th tid e 
M 3 744o 

A i H e ft t o p s o il m ix e d lo a m s a n d , a ls o la w n a n d g a rd e n le i h it le r b v lo a d C ow m o n u re , a n y tim e . 1)7 4436 

 b I L g i a n G A R O E N 'f o p M H T 
• e s t Q u a lity , a ls o s a n d to p sod m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
413 9329, 43) 1469 

O u i T o d iu m S o lid C la v e l L o a m 
R o y H e n d rix D e liv e r e d M I 7449 

G o o d t o p s o il d e iiv 

F IR E & BRQ WOOD 

L o r g e o a k m e s q u ite tr e e s 
$5 e o ch Y o u c u t 684 38oo 

M e s a u ite -b o k W O O b 

H AU LING ft M O V IN G 

M o v in g * C o lle g e s tu d e n t, 2 y e a rs e x p . re p s . tre e e s tim o te * L o n e r, 
694 4495 O tte r I OO 

P L U M B IN G 

$ 3 5 c o r d . 

4)4 4324 
684 $o62 
E v e n l o r n J o m a n d w e e k e n d s 

$ 2 5 , p ic k u p lo a d . d e liv e re d 47) 8237_______________ 

W a n ! lo B u y 
4 fo o t G re e n H ied p ry w ood 276 /111 

FO U N D A T IO N S 

T z ^ o u n a u t i o n ^ o u $ r i 7 y e i i n c r 
F o u n d a tio n R e o a tr, E x p e r ie n c e o n d R e lia b le 872 17)3_____________ 

Doors dragging? 

Wails cracking? 
A ll ty p e s fo u n d a tio n r e p a ir s 
IO y r s e x p e rie n c e 
A ll w o rk g u a r a n te e d C a ll a n y tim e . 314 41 IO 

 foundation Specialist 
A ll ty p e s of fo u n d a tio n r e p a ir s , lo w p r ic e s , h ig h q u a lit y w o rk 
C o ll a n y tim e . 
A B C 
C O N S T . j J U 48)6 
HOUSE L E V E L IN G t h e i r i s h m a n 
18 Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
N ote 
N e v e r to k e th e h r s ! p r ic e ' 
J13 8QS1 o r 
734 7 S )I 

R e lia b le m a n to d o fo u n d a tio n r e p a irs a n d house le v e lin g S atis f a c t io n g u a r a n t e e d 
N o 1ob to s m o ll C o ll 654 $57) 
— — — »WM— mm— mmmtm ii ................. 

F U R N IT U R E 
R E F IN IS H IN G 

Furniture Refinish 
R e p a ir* 
A n tiq u e re s to ra tio n 
E x p e rie n c e d o n d re a s o n a b le 
7 )4 9125 

IN COME TAX 
SERVICE 

■77 
W A U S O N S 
C o m p e l). 
S e rv ic e 
B u s in e s s o n d 
P e r s o n a l 
R I 
C H A R D E W A U S O N 
N in e te e n 
Y e a r s 
S a m e 
N e ig h b o r h o o d 
(A A 
B S A N D M E 
D e g r e e s 
T a x B u s in e s s C o n s u lta n t 
J I ) 3)39. l l ) 7914 HO N osh 

LANDSCAPING 

F R E I l A ^ z b s i A r f ------------ 
C o n s u lta tio n o n d D e s ig n w ith q u a n tity p la n t p u rc h a s e s 
492 1984 

 w e h A V I p T F H Y S r 6 f u v t 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E 
I 873 9o71 o r I 192 336) 

LAWN CARE 

B c s t a f f e i l a w n c a r e 
824 8937 

M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 

HOUSEWASHING f l V i f t l 
M o * ! c o m p le te lo b in to w n 
Y o u 'll B e lie v e ' 174 4574 

W e a n s w e r y o u r c a ll fa s t! S e w e rs . le a k y fa u c e ts , w a te r h e a te rs , a n y ty p e r e p a ir o r n e w in s ta lla tio n 
T e x a s P lu m b in g C e . In c 
41o A 
B ro a d w a y C a ll a n y tim e 826-9182 

PLO W ING B U L L D O Z IN G • 
E X C A V A T IN G 

T o n T T IJ a m T T g T iu T ^ o o M T o w in jr new JO e q u ip m e n t a n y size (ab, l l ) 1718 

R E F R IG E R A T O R F R E E Z E 
R EPAIRS 

T N J p o u T T r o T n r e e T T e n iM ^ ^ T n 
38. N S N W o n ly , 684 4188 

R E M O D E L IN G 

T T P c a b in e t w o rk , fre e est , 7 )4 o8oo 

T e r 

PA IN TIN G . P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

ROOFING 

^ 7 H > n ? p T e T e ^ K o T ^ ? ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ? * , 
C o o lin g * fo r e ll ro o ts G u a ra n te e d 
W o rk m a n s h ip P ric e s y o u c a n a t lo rd F re e E s t 454-8266 

C A H R O O F IN G CO W e do the lo b rig h t the tir s t tim e N e w ro a f* . ro o f r e p a irs of o il ty p e s F re e t i t 
4 5 1 )8 )9 

C L A R K S R o o tin g 4 R e m o d e lin g 
F re e E l l 824 1532 
T T 'v t f i 
E x p on C o m p o s itio n o r 
G ro v e l R o o f R A M IR E Z . 347 7818 

SEWING M A C H IN E 
R EPAIRS SER VIC E 

“ 
^ 
^ 
’ p T e Y T T ^ T n T T ^ T Y e ry T c T 
G u a ra n te e d R e p a ir S e r v ir e 
A ll 

TRY Mf! lo w p ric e s h ig h q u a lity c o n c re te w o rk C o ll o n e tim e M r C o n c re te , 
SE H A R L A E S P A N O L . 223 $667, 
72) 511$ 

We b u y F u r n itu r e , A p p lia n c e s 
E s ta te s A n tiq u e s G lo * s w o re e tc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532 6641 
43) 1714 a n y tim e , 415 44)4 e v e * 
J O H N B R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
L ic e n s e d a n d B o n d e d B u y e rs 

----------------- W I F A V C A iM ----------------- 
F o r G o o d U se d F u r n itu r e 

FAWCETT fURNITORE 
<14 D e to r o1o 
227 6512 

We Pay More Cash 
F o r T h o ! G ood P io n o 
T h a i y o u a r e n o t u s in g 
P le a s e c o li M r I eon a l t i l 4151 

C AB IN ET M A K ER S 

^ T o r T e T ^ T r T a n o r fiT o S ln e T ^ Y n d w o o d w o r k 
R e f e r e n c e s a v a i l 
F re e e st 111 16o9 

C A R P E N T R Y 

T T P o r p e n T e ^ T n T I e e r S T T o P T fr o m R o o fin g to F o u n d a tio n 
No 
J o b T o o S m a ll) F r e e E s t 
A ll 
W o rk G u a ra n te e d 917 1o24 

A C o m p le te M a in te n a n c e S e rv ic e 
C a r p e n t r y , R o o fin g 
A ll ty p e s r e p a ir s 
P r ic e s y o u c a n a ffo r d 
F re e E s t 414 8264 

A ll ty p e s c a r p e n tr y w o rk 
A ls o r o o f in g , p a in t in g , s a t is f a c t io n g u a ra n te e d 
N o 
1ob too s m a ll 
: 656-IS / I 

 b u g lily c a r p e n tr y w o r k , M y r s e x p e rie n c e 
F re e E l l 
A ll w o rk g u a ra n te e d , l l ) 9214 

GRADE A’ SOILS 
1oo% O rg a n ic a lly m ix e d T o p s o ils o n d C o m p o s t 
A ls o . w e d e liv e r , sa n d , g ra v e l, lo a m c h a t etc 
C o ll a n y tim e 923 8814 or 731 861) 

 lo a d in g to o so d o n d s a n d y lo a m , b e lo w 418 on S o m e rs e t R d to H id d e n V o lle y 
W e a ls o d e liv e r $18. 
428 1199 

H ic!* to p S o il Y y d s lo o d 7J4 i i i ! lo r n rp m ___________________________ 

S p e c ia liz e in r ic h to p s o il.' s o n d o n d g ro v e l, 932 8418. 973 7316 

T o p S o i i r f i r o v e l D e liv e r o n d 
S p re a d 
NW a n d 
N E 
434 1184, 
43) 431$ 
■ Yop 'ibiL, sAteb G&AVi?L 
927 1353 S ot Sun 

 s a n d s 

G A R D E N IN G 

C U "»I O M G A R D I N ’ ! ' I O W IN G 
A N D T IL L IN G C A I L 934 3)17 

 b o r e e n s tille d R e a s o n a b le ro te s 

H A N D Y M A N 

HANDYMAN 
H ouse w a s h in g , P o in tin g 
G e n e ra l r e p a ir . Y a r d w o rk 
7 d a y s . d a y o d n ig h t 
6 M -8 4 I9 __________ 

 t h r ^ T i a n d y m o n C o w a y 
821 8o18 
G en R e p a irs 

VIVA l i o o - J 
P a in tin g , ro o fin g . 

In t E x t 
P ric e s y o u c a n a ffo rd 
614-8166 
I 

A 
G o r d o P a in tin g C o n tr a c to r 
F re e E l l In t E x t 7 M 7844 
S U H Aft b H SJH 149-------- 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S o n 
P a m lin g P a p e r in g 
S h e e tr o c k . 
W in d o w G 'a s i. R e p a ir s , B u d g e t 
T e rm s 1412 S H a c k b e rry 

P a lh tm g a n d re p a ir s L u B u n d e d 
AH w o rk G u a ra n te e d 671-8219 

P o in tin g E x p e r ie n c e d F re e E s t 
R e t J41 1179 o fte r 6 

P A IN T IN G 

A m r u ^ ^ o a T n n ^ T o n lr o n o r T T T 
E x t . A c o u s tic c e ilin g s . 41$ 1)41 
F re e E s tim a te s 

N o r t h s i d r 
P A I N T I N G 
P R ID E 
F re e E s t 834 4174 
TYK 

M a ke s F re e in sh o p e s tim a te s 
3123 W est A v e . 544 947) 

SHEETROCK 

T ^ iS T ro c IT n Y 'Y o p ^ Y ro o F T y lT R 
A c o u s t ic a l C e ilin g M o n t e r r e y 
T e xtp n e 7)1 186) 

 t o p i n g F lo a t in g T e x io n e a n d 
^ ^ j^ m o jM Z e a s o n o p t ^ ll^ O O I 

 c o n t r a c t o r 

K F N lS k Y r o N T R A c t b b 
Tope. F lo o t, T e x to n e 
S p ra y , A c o u s tic a l 
_ _ F a r_ e x h m g te s c o ll 922 9464 

TREE SERVICE 

T o p s o i l g ra v e l, 
927 6658 

 lo a m , s a n d , d r iv e w a y m a te r ia l. 

E X C A V A T I O N 
SER VIC E 

M B B n F r e S S ^ m M ^ R H tT n e a r in ? a n d o th e r G e n e r a l E x c a v a t io n 
W o rk 
J D 458 C T r a c k L o u d e r 
B a c k h o e a n d R ip p e r , D u m p 
T ru c k 828 4441 a tt 5 1 5 M o n F r i 
124 1411 

H A U LIN G ft M O V IN G 

A p p lia n c e s , fu r n itu r e . C leon g a r ages, p ic k up lu n k c h e a p lf)-1919 

H a u lin g o n d m o v in g w ith p ic k u p tru c k , 673 1449 

H A U L IN G A N D 'B ’t lM ^ lt e b 
M e e t 1 1 1 te n tr u c k s 5 1 )1 )4 3 n d 

P A IN T IN G C O N T R A C T O R 
In t 

7 u T " T n f m 
E s tim a te s 
4)2 8o76 
JE S S IE 
4)7 7751 ar 

E x t 
G . n . r o l 
T T S e s c u l o r 
|, o o le«j 
E s tim a te s 
937 14o5 
G ilb e rt 

I t e * tru c k , 
H o a i 1 n y m o v in g lr in , im n g h u ve 
I , ton 

. l i g h t M a u lin g 
E s tim a te s 
M a u l 
F E N C I N G a w a y s c ra p m e ta l tre e 
9 7) 4411 

1 
o 
■,■■■■ 
- 
, 
L l & j J f H A U L IN G o t o n y k in d 
F re e F e n ce E s tim a te s 
B o th w ood A t t e r 
$ p m a n d w e e k e n d ! , o n d c h m n lin k 
F A R M E R 
S 4)1 58)3 ai I I I I I I I I I M 

C AR PET SALES ft 
SERVICE 

■aT 
- w . I L I T i A T T T T f T t f T . sh a m p o o , liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m 
522 58, 9x1 2 lo o s e r u g s 5 )8 3o 
I V 1984 or 225 1)o3 

~ o N i m i A R 
-F m 
'g H v i ? i " n j j o j L a f » . * • * « * 

F E N C E C O O T T T I I L O T M H F ^ 

F I R E f t B B Q W O O D 

T J ^ w o o T ^ T Ir u T C lo u T T p in ^ e l o n d s to c k e d to r 525. 914 4976 

 r f t R i i r r 
F ire w o o d a n d s m a ll b lo c k e l lu m b e r l i e to t 11 to n P U lo u d 43) 58)3 

6 5 6 6 W O O D y o u h a u l. *4o c o rd 
We D e liv e r, 558, g u a ra n te e d fu ll c o rd 972 9641 

L I G H t H A U L lK b AW 6 M O V IN S 
I P ie ce o r h ouse tu tl 
D a y o r N ile 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
456 5785 

 l i g h t H a u lin g A n y K in d w ith *1 
Io n SB T ru c k , R o y 4 3 ) 3574_______ 

MOVING? 
C a ll 439 1*79 

THI BEST MOVING CO. 

H i n t ; I t o i i i ' T l l l l t i M i i in te r io r E x te r io r 
F re e 
E s t 
4 )1 8 9 4 ) 

 p h o t o g r a p h y 

" ’A r F U A i"< !)i"p h 'S TO G R A ft H V 
B u s in e s s A d s R e a lto rs 
W e d d in g s P u b lic ity 
114 2188 

P L U M B IN G 

 l^ T o s le T T T iT m S e r T f e B a T r r o ^ r e m o d e lin g 
C o lt 
R ic h a r d , 
712 5414 o r 4 )5 6649 

D 
I 
N 'T L T O I T O d . r e s id e n tia l o n d c o m m e rc ia l re p a irs , tre e es tim a te s C o ll 454 1857 

 b b V 6 U 8 1 1 1 6 A f t L u t A i E R * ’ 
R e lia b le B o n d e d 124 o791 

M A L T E R P L U V i'B E R W I T W 1 6 % 
O V E R 
H E A D 
5 18 38 
H r 
L ic e n s e d B o n d e d e l) 3422 

P lu m b in g ft eppir$7 I e m o d e lin g . 

 a w a y F re e E x tim q te s 5)3 1171 

W c s “ 
--------------------------H l b S I T 
C ut T rim H a u l 
D A V I5 712 U U F O L K S 494 o894 

 fr e e s lr,a im e d c h o o p 
>28 6924 

YARD WORK 

♦ / Y u 'n 9 h o u ll,,• ' , r , , » d im m e d 

 la w n s , c u t tr im m e d v a c u u m e d 
C o ll a n y tim e i n 9431_____________ 

P r o f e s s io n a l y a r d w o r f e , t r e e t r im m in g , f e r t iliz in g , lo n d s c a p 
B * 4 * ' ‘ P r o v in g o t 
M i t i l e f * ° ‘ o n o b ie p ric e s , 

 u n u *u 
T rim m e d ii 
" 
R e a so n a b le S II o742 
^ for A war k Reasonable o n c e * 648 1828 

F o r e x t r a e * $ h , s e ll 

 th o s e B o tt c lu b s . . . now 1 

A d d itio n s . 
414 4489 
R e a s o n a b le , F re e E s t 
225-1666 f EXPRESS-NEWS DCNIBLE BONDS ADS 
2 LINES $ ‘^ ""ISSSBSf1*11 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I 
• MERCHANDISE Ift ART ADS ONLY- 
6 DAYS 
$i 9 x a 'S J o , 
Q U IC K RESULTS! 

( C L A S S # 9 2 8 O H L Y ) 

I 

-NEWS BONUS ABS 
$ > f 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

916 ARTS, GRAFTS, IMPORTS 
926 MACHINERY TOOLS 
932 AUCTION SALE 
932 AUCTION SALE 
S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S a tu r d a y M a rc h 1 9 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 

Goebel H u m m d annual and an iniygrsav B la te *. A lto Rockwell 
\<i«*ely 
»et ond other* 
Coll 

— 2 — 
— 
— — 
— w w ««— 
» 
918 COINS 8 JEWELRY 

T T o M lM a r q u iid T o m o n d 'T e T ding ring set, *8oo. 454 413o 
Com Coliectlon, 19oo 
" ~ 
923 SJI* 

 d o c to r'* In v e s im o n i G rouo is in te re s te d 
In b u y in g c o in *, stam ps, r o lls , p ro o fs , q a id . 
Sronklin M ints, e t* Contact Dr voat, TM-tOtt_______________ 

RO O FERS 
Sell SSI* cosh or tro d e t 
Mot pot IOO gallon kettle good tires SM oo3* i 
4oo series C ase b a c k h o e ond loader with M In, loader bucket, ! 
18ln backhoe bucket Cos engine , 
34OOO I 433 MOC_________________ 
W A N T E D 
Bed to r flo t bed 
Dump with or without truck 
494-84o4. 

92o CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 

 n ik ON EJS C am era ond Ac 
- 
. 
_ 
..._ Acce* 
I sones 5116o 433-39o8 otter noon 

Nikon ETTN with 43-84 M M Zoom 
Lens. 335o 878 4849 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

 intire Stock 

Thomas I Kimball Organs at I / J OTT-we good room for 

 new shipment. 4o organs to 

 from, 1 /3 off on 
PIANO SALE 
CONTINUES at 2o% Discount 

Organs and pianos Rented 

Option To Iv y . 
Shop Us Now A Save! I 
DACBERT’S 

S23S Woliem Rd... 654-A M I 

14oo Nogalitos . . . 223-61 SI 

W ayne a ir c o m p res so r m o to r- lo o k . 
39 I ' i H P 37oV 44o 
174oHPM, best otter. 347 4373. 74 
*2 *2 . 
WE BUY, SELL and R E C O N D I­ 
TION S3 ool sleet barrels 
SAN ANTONIO D R U M CO 
331 E CEVALLO S 211-7111 

932 AUCTION SALE 

HARVEY’S 
ANTIQUE AUCTION 
S u n ., M a r . 2 o , I p .m . 

SPECIAL 
ITEMS: 
4 antique rifles ond one pistol. I "He dated 
1866 with hemmer located on bol tom side, appraisal pure oyer 
SSOOO 
Iross cosh register 
TOO pieces of good aid 
Amencon furniture 
4 5 o o WEST AVE. 

D o o r I-or a el H A R V E Y ’S AUC 
TION, Sunday, M orch 7o ot IP M 
I day only 4SOO W EST AVE 

K E Y TO G R E A T E R SALES 
Grovor Howell Co. Auctioneer* 
Houston, T * 
TXCC 77 o1 54 
S A Office 
11 OST W ye Drive 
Allen Howell (513) 454 HJO 

938-POULTRY RABBITS BEES 

Loving hen*, si 5o eoch Cages, nests, coops, feeders 434 7174 

ORGANS 
HAMMOND 

RODGERS 

New From $495 
Used From $195 

25 N. Mein 
224-SS26 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star . . 344 o248 lll.lllill.JI.il 

Loving Hens SI SO each nests. cope*, teeders, etc 434 3174 
We buy ond sell E aster Bunnies. 
Ducklings and C olored Chicks. 
735 *851, 734 373o________________ 

942 Farm Equipment Supplies 

3 Bottom J 
O 
Disc Plow . 3 pl hook up *333 cosh 374 349o 
Form al! H Troetor with planters, cultivator, 3 row batter 497 343} 
7' Ford Chisel plow 
333o 
449-1331 
Ford fo rm tra c to r, also 3 row equipment 431 3351 
FORD 9N Troetor, 3993 M F 143 
Diesel, $415o. M F Diesel, 5245o 
INT 44o Oiesel. 3343o, Oliver 88 
D ie s e l, 374oo ; N E W B ritis h 
L e y lo n d D ie s e l. 47 Hp dem o 
$475o. British Leyland Diesel 353, 
35 Hp d em o . 348 3o ; B ritis h 
Leylond 7o Hp 
D ie s e l. S85oo; 
4 Row P eo n u t M o u e P la n te r , 
313oo 
M o re ! 
J ohn 
L o tt 
(1)349 3477 Pteasanton, T i 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
B A B Y G R A N D P IA N O 
S A L I 
CHICKERING 
RARY 
GRAND 
UKI 
NEW, BAIDWIN RARY 
GRAND 
UKE 
NEW, 
KNAKE 
RARY GRANO UKE NEW, 

SPINET 
STYLE 
RIANO 
UKI 
NEW 
$ 4 9 4 

DUO-ART OUTER RIANO 
Rf ASON ARI I 
Shop With Us and Save 
Low Overhead 
NAVARRO 
PIANO CO. 
I 7 o 2 N . C O L O R A D O 
7 3 4 - 6 4 6 3 

FORD TRACTORS I 
8N ond 9N with new ond used im ­ plements 37fl8 S Flores 
FORO TRA CTO R M O O E L 3ooo. e*c cond 34493 
THE TO RG ERSO N CO 
SIJ 5145, 739 Steve* 
FO RO TR A C TO R M odel 8oo In evcetlent condition 33o9S 
THE TO RG ERSO N CO 
333-3143. 739 Steve* 
FOR SALE 
34 ft., 3 avie, WW F ia t bed. goo seneck trailer, ram ps Like new. 
373oo firm I 379 9731 Seguin 
3o ft Gooseneck T ra ile r. 3 avie 
Quick Sole 51 SOO 434 7488 ofter S 
I t 

I 

7o' Gooseneck stock tro lle r un- covered 974 3148 973 434) 

$ 2 o . o o A M o n t h 
R s o t i 

A 8 A L O W IN 
P IA N O 
■ •agt AptfNdl 88 Pn n Imbp 
SIMS BALDWIN 
6 2 3 Lo c k H ill -S w im s 8 4 . 
3 4 4 - 4 5 3 9 

ANTIQ UE P L A Y E R P IA N O 33oo 
451-47oo 
_______ i Cello KE S SLE R Like new 
3393 433 1338 
Conn Some! O rgan, solid stole, pedois, oil attach 458 448o 

8o4 IHC on go* with 3 bottom J o 
Moboard Plow V ery Cleon ond good ru b b e r 
F o r O u ick S a l* 
33893 474 13o4 
4o1o 4o7o JOHN D E E R E 
Diesel, 334 4711 
3 • '< m ile Side R oll S h rie k ie r 
System I • 4o7 Moline Troetor on 
Butane. I - 7 chiesel Big Os Plow. 
Vemeer Hoy Roller I 774 8341 

1947 M in n e a p o lis M o lin e LP G 
Troetor. 73 It p , esc. cond *434o 
14 ti Tondem Avie Cottle Troller, new tires, new point, aloe. brokes 
3893 434 4411___________ 
Hew ond Used Form Equipment 
O IE TZ TRACTO R CO 
I 379 1945 or 458 1788 
533 IH IO. Seguin 
IN Ford Tractor, eve cond. now pain! 31175. I 747 3349 Poteet 

3 pt 4ft. disc harrow in ovcellent condition 533 IOU 

C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO 
No Tim e Lim it on Rentals 
Rentol Purchase Pion 
19o7 W Woodlawn________ 734 4317 

 st Gibson ES 135 Tune o m otic ; 
Sooners H a rd Shell Case P lus! 
Gibson S kylark Amp. and Acce* 
OII tor 335o 473 34o3_____________ 
G UITAR Ovation 
Balladeer cus­ tom with case acoustical S77S. 
! R r iw 344 3364 _______________ 

ROCK P IC K E R , h y d rau lic con trpl lift 33o1 Nopolitos, S34 4711 
7 Row F o rd P lo w . C u ltiv a to r, 
Shredder, disc 973 o483 

Large Selection of Antique 

P L A Y E R P I A N O S t O G A ID A S 
A U TO M A TIC MUSIC CO 
78o4 N Flores 
733 1544 
ORGANS ond PIANO S R E N T E O option lo buy no tim e lim it 

D a c b e r t ’ s M u s i c P l a z a 
14oo NO G ALITO S 
773 4131 
533) W A LXC M RD 
434 4441 
ORGAN W u rlilie r MUST SE L L! 
W ILL S A C R IF IC E ! 
4*4 3635 
Toke otter 

P eavey 8oo R o o k ier. 45o w att amp . 4 ohm, 3173 684 3453 
PIANO, Ham m ond, good quality 
37oo 7 » 1387 
_ 
_ 
P IA N O L E S S O N S d o s s e s to r. adults and children Call 774 IS I* tor inform ation Miss i t Blanc 
I 
Socnftce New Thom as d ra g o n 
Model 343 C a lifo rn ia n in H a rd 
Oak 
S p a n is h 
C a o in e !. 
7: 
Keyboards ond Rhythm Section 
W ith 
M a tc h in g 
C h a ir 
C a ll; ! 
934 4)77 or 733 3979______________ 

SAVE to'/? OFF 
ALL BRANDS 

OLM OS M U SIC CO. 
41o N M A IN 
314 1741 
Sgmet Piano, Kohler ond Cam p bell, I yr old Good condition, 
Asking SHOU 457 4513 
1845 S teinw ay C oncert G rg n d . rare collectors item Rosewood, tle a a n t c a r v e d legs 
U s ed in stemwov Hall 11*5 1178 733 7773 
Unredeemed 
Musical 
Instrum ents 
^ A m e m o n U io n C o ^ T T T js ^ ^ 

924 NURSERIES. GARDIN 

 a P e r m o G r e e n 
For F re e E s tim a te and Law n 
Analysis. Call Today 
____________ 226 2IR 2____________ 
Slue Greenhouse, New Concept, 
Term *, F ree Delivery 934 3o63 
E le v a tin g n u ll ty p e I v o rd scraper, needs repairs, t 3)8 1633 

Q(6 • URCHIN! H M OW S 

Rear *44 A lignm ent E quipm ent 
Flus Wheel Balancer and Spinner, 
Toke 
Over 
Paym ents, 
Coll 
______________________ 
CASE ( I ) 1971 38oB tr a c t p r - lo o d e r b a c k h o e s , t i l . IS O IP : 
311,36o Coil Tom McCabe P II 4131 
G irard M achinery A Supply 3418 
Bouse veil, San Antonio 
C RA FTSM AN D R IL L PRESS 
_________ STH: 814 o134 
DAVIS Model 3oo Trencher with oft set attachm ents 3313o inter n g tie n g i M o d e l 1444 T r a c to r lo ad er 
Backhoe in esc cond 
3593o 
THE TO RG ERSO N CO. t i l SUS, 719 Steve* j 
Dum p Bodies 
IO’,P’.t*. G alie n . 
Hobbs. Perfection 
Air Ham m er. 15 Thor 
CP }'<s4 air tam per 
Jay CIS Air Tam per 
SNY TRON gasoline driven rock drill 
CP Air W ater rock drill 
LUO equipm ent. 3 bank reel*, sin­ gle reels, St gal borrel pum ps. I 
1161b borrel tu m p , m eter voivg*. high gressurg hose. hondpumps. 
144 4 7n , t i l l Blanca R o____ 
F o r k lif t, '49 C le r k . 3666 tbs 
(opacity, solid tires overhauled throughout. 
1664 
Se 
F lo ret 
114 1 1 6 4 _________________ 
I 
G A LLIO N 161 Motor G rader, pH 
Hydraulic 1173o cosh (1)933 1117 
'71 Gooseneck tro lle r, I *1o' I avie* low boy flatbed, 
3113o 
431 6143________ 
_ _ _ 
' I, % inch oi ive impact Coll o "er 
6 424 1719 
Leothercratt teal set ond holders plus 3 sues alphabet stamps Like 

 lf you'rt lik t most 

 people, you pro* bobly have all kinds 

 of money hiding in 

 the form of good things you don’t use 

 onym ort. Turn thes* 

 items into ready 

 cosh today . . . 

Place Your Ad in the 

I apt rn t i - N e w * 

COMPLETE LIQUIDATION 
AUCTION 

K.W. SPARKS ANTIQUES A TOOLS 

N O LIMITS O R RESERVES, A l l M U S T G O f 
118 HW Y. 78 EAST 

(T u r n le f t o f 
R o n d o lp k 
F ie ld 
E n tr a n c e , g o 
3 b lo c k s a n d it's b e t w e e n R a n d o lp h 8 S c h e r tz ) 

SUNDAY, MARCH 2o, I o :3 o A.M. 

PARTIAL LISTING: Several high board beds, rocking choirs, 

 old desk choirs, dressers, chino cabinets, bookcase, secretory 

 desk, dining room tables, wooden plant stands, wooden 

 high chair, ond all kinds of assorted choirs. Carborundum 

 antique display case, assorted floor lamps, Phonolo crank 

 type record player. Brunswick 
Model 
1o1, Ponotrope, 

Rodiola radio, trunks of all sizes, shapes and makes, sad­ 

 dles, picture frames, all sizes, pictures, several very old bird 

 coges, with and without frames, mirrors, fireplace screens, 

 galvanized milk con, bells, small nail kegs, small iron doll 

 bed, much much more. 

GLASSWARE: Fruit bowls ond platters, cups and saucers, 

 vases, assorted sizes and colors, sherbert bowls with plates, 

 refrigerator bowls with lids, depression glassware, carnival 

 glassware, black milk glass plates, crystal glasses, salt and 

 pepper shakers, fruit jars, glass food choppers, antique 

 bells, iron skillets, muffins, dutch ovens, animal traps, 

 scales, assorted kerosene lamps, railroad lanterns, glass 

 lomp shades, 
2 kerosene lanterns, much more 

 miscellaneous. 

TOOLS USED TO REPAIR ANTIQUES A 
ANTIQUE TOOLSI 

Hand sows — hammers, crow bors, hatchets, jig saw, circular 

 sow, paint sprayer, assorted screw drivers, electric drill, elec­ 

 tric motors, electric sander, hedge trimmer, hand drills, Pick 

 ox, 'ledge hammers, table grinder, pipe vise, assorted wood 

 planes, log sow, Skiis super duty saw Model 114, Hay hook, 

 assorted pulleys, butcher knives, pocket knives, wet stones, 

 assorted poper back books, assorted hard back books, 

 novels, fiction ond non fiction, magazines, Waltham travel 

 alarm clock, ond other assorted clocks, sewing machine, ad­ 

 ding machines, portable typewriters, woter heaters, duck 

 decoy, rakes hoes, shovels. 

PLUS MANY MAHY OTHER ITEMS TOO 
NUMEROUS TO LIST. 

INSPECTION: Thursday, Friday ond Saturday, March 17, 18, 
19 fro 9 a m. until 5 p m. 

TERMS: Cash, personal checks with proper ID , Letter of 
Credit, Cashiers Check 
FLOYD HALL AUCTIONEER 
T xG S -77-o26 8 

H . & K. A U C TIO N LIQ U ID A TO R S 
R .O . Bo b 4 o , A d k in s , T e x a s 7 8 1 o 1 

2 2 2 - o 4 o 3 , 3 3 3 - 9 2 4 2 , 3 3 3 - 6 3 9 8 

124 LtCAl NOTICES 
1 2 4 -lfGAL NOTICES 

_ ll 
_ 

I T f t o r F i n d 
I t I n . 
T h e E X P R E S S N E W S 

TO PEACE YOUR AD CAU Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

94o - LIVESTOCK IUD SI IDS 
94o LIVESTOCK KLD SILOS 

A H A L E T R A I L E R S 
H ors. Stock ond Gooseneck 
New and Used, tor Sole or Rent 
Also feed Barrels will! Lids 
S LIM P O IL CO Oft IH 37 
333 5151 
4o4 
Carolina nites 
_____________344 7115____________ 
A M E R IC A N CANCER SOCIETY 
O PE N HORSE SHOW 
Morch 18, t9 ond 7oth Morch 18 stortme 7 p m oil roping events. 
Judging events starting I a rn on 
Sot M ar lath Judges 
M r Mike 
Hughes of Dallos. T * ond M r Gill 
S w ille r of G u lf P o r t, M iss 
I 
Trophy Soddies to high point win ner in eoch ope group High Point 
Winner of Show a I horse troller courtesy ol Slim e Oil Co ond Hole 
Trailer Co All proceeds going to the A m e ric a n C a n c er Society. 
Bevor Co Sheriffs Mounted Posse 
Arena l i t S at Foster Rood For into 337 375*___________ 
Am erican Point Horse Assn Stud 
Service. Old M r Moore. I* hands 
HOO lbs out of Stemon Honk and 
Monny McCue Esc More Core. 
533-3871, 111 914o, 449 1544 
Boby C a lv e s 33o SSO 
G ro ss 
Colves 346-311o 911 8449 
B A R K ER SU PPLY l l 11 go im port borh 
313 95 
4'> ft. domestic tee post . . . 3191 
I'< or I ' i Stogies SOlb Be* 319 SO 
41” twist stays Per IOO 
... 315.93 
% ' PVC pipe per IOO ti 
. 
SI SO 
3143 S E M ilitary D r 333 4o41 
B IL L Y GOAT. 311 
143 W H AR LAN 

S I 195. 
HA%KTIRN 

IHF F DGF WOOD INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT APPLICATION FOK EDUCATIONAL 
TELEVISION ONDIK THI FEDERAL EMERGENCY SCHoo1 AID AO (FUA) WIU BF IHF 
TOPIC OF A PUBLIC HEARING, THURSDAY, KARCH 24, 1977 AI I AS P M IHF 
PUBLIC HEARING Will BE HEID At ESCOBAR JUNIOR HIGH LIBRARY LOCATED AT 
5622 WEST DURANGO SIVO 

THE HEARING WILL BE CONDUCED BY THE EDGEWOOD INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT EMERGENCY SCHOOL AID AH (F5AA) ADVISORY COMMITTEE THE HEAR 
ING Will AUOW THE RESIDENCE TO HAVE INPUT ON THE PROPOSED PROJECTS 
ANO HEAR GUIDELINES AND PROCEDURES 

THE ESAA ADVISORY COMMITTEE Will REVIEW AND COMMENT ON THE AP 
PLICATION 

THE EMERGENCY SCHOOL AID ACT (ESAA) ADVISORY COMMITTEE INCLUDES 

I 
REPRESENTATIVES FROM COMMUNITY ORGANISATIONS 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
$ 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

1-772-3634 
622-93oo 

Large Lighted oreno Longe ring, board, train 44 Ae 433 1457 
L IM O U S IN 
75%. R ed B u ll, 14 m ot., Dondin C 75% Red Heifer, l l m o* , Gobriel 1 374 2869 

Breed Y our M a re to the G rea t 
Palomino Stallion M r Perfection 
Fronk 
M cClaron. 
814-1349; 
814-5643._______ ________________ 
C A T T L E . G o a ts , Sheep ond 
Horses tor sole 411 t i l * 
Child's 
Saddle. 
**12 1 21 

 like new, 
SIS 

DOGS— PETS 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Moles, tem ple* shots 341 7QJQ 
A AKC SHIH TZU P U P P IE S 
BARGAIN 
• 
455 5o34 
Acreptlnp Deposits on AKC Reg 
Irish Setters, moles $75 Fem ole* 
345 
Available ie 
M arch 
77. 
413-M75 
____________________ 

SPECIALS 
JSSO new Diesel tra cto r.with tor­ que converter, backhoe with l l inch tre n c h in g b u c k e t, fr o n t loader with 48 inch bucket sis.OOO 
1969 8.ooo F o rd D iesel tro e to r, good condition, 59,8oo 
1949-4o2o John Deere, good condi­ tion, 54,2oo 
1971 19o Allis C halm ers. Diesel, top condition, $7,3oo 
1941 5o4 Internatio nal cultivator and planters with fe rtiltie r bove*, good condition. 34,5oo 
SKROBACEK IM P L CO 
HW Y 97 EAST 
F L O R E S V IL L E . TK 
1-343 J IH 
W EEKDAYS B SPM SAT 8 12PM 
S T E E L 
B U IL D IN G S . 
F o r m , 
Ranch E q u ip 
H e y end H orse 
Bam s Pipe Pens 337 4431 day* or nile* 

T H E T O R G E R S O N C O . 
734 Sieves_________ 
333 3US 
T ra c to r, F o rd 8oo, Brush hog. bockblode, Eve, cond 444 4992 
Used 7ooo Ford Troetor and Used 
John Deere 461o EW A LD FO RD 
T R A C T O R S . 
IH IO 
H w y 
44. 
Seguin, Tv I 374 4S41____________ 
Used T ra c to r a n d E q u ip m e n t 
Sole 
O O D G E N E Q U IP M E N T 
CO 
8213 S Presa, 3)3 4131 
____ • 
Theres 
Money 
Hidden 
In Your 
Home! 

4 
» 
. 

Adorable AKC Yorkie Puppies 
__________ 
314 )433_____________ 
AKC A FG HA N PUPS 
____________ 914 18)8 
•AKC AFG H A N S* 
Pups » Stud Serv • 144 718o oft 4 
•AKC A FG H A N S* 
Chomp Lines 
448 17o8 
AKC Block Great Dane puppies 
3335 
317 o384 
AKC Boser of Stud 
341 4181_____________ 
AK C B r itta n y , m a le . l l m as started 474 o186_________________ 
AKC Brittany Spaniel IO months 
Trothed end reody to hunt 313o 
AKC 7 months old G erm on Short ; 
Haired Pointer, stays ond comes on com m and 
W itt r e tr ie v e in woter 31oo 433 34oe____________ 
AKC Ch Sired Boston T e rrie r* I weeks 334-4918 
AKC C ocker S p an ie l P u p p ie s . wormed, shots 437 133o 
AKC Cockers 6 w k*, shots 
34I SBB* 
AKC Corker Spaniels, cham pion blood lines Black. Black and ton 
1 473-o164 otter 3 3o pm 
AKC CO LLIES 
Sobie White, mole, I 4)8 7|8i 
AKC CO LLIES, CH Sired 
*33-4511 

FOR FAST 
RISUITS .. 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
CMI 
Miss Moore 
223*1666 tat 

B O R D E R C O L L IE P u p s T 
Reg Stud Service. 644 1114 s r 

Border Collie Puppies. SIS Cocka 
Coo Puppy. $3o 814-1433_________ 
CHOCOLATE 
P U P P IE S 
Audrey 
337 8714 

•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sprigging and custom work, also chisel plow ing and hay balling 
174} M IS Schumacher Bro*. 

Coastal Hoy. dry Hock, neor Po feet 
Bargain 
1-549 4o73; 
I 741 3741___________________ 
Coo*loI May in Born si 5o East of 
1511 on 
Sulphur 
Spring* 
Rd 
453 479o 
_ 
•CO ASTAL SPRIG S* 
7oc Bu Sutherland Springs 
I 947 337o, 1-647-1376 

CORRUGATED IRON t i l 4* per sa 
FLO W E R S LSR CO 
1S47 Goliad 
__________333-4171 
Custom bond mode saddle*, over 
SO used s o d d ie s in stock 
H u n d re d s of I t t and In d lin e boots B ond W Boot ond Tock. 4o5 
S Guadalupe St. Son M arco*. Tv 
I IT I 4674 
I 
FE LP S HORSE, STOCK 
ANO G O OSENECK TR A ILE R S 
S o le *, S e rv ic e . R e p a ir * , ond 
Trailer R ental*. 443o Hwy 4o E a*t 
(S W W White Rd > 313 U U 
Feta* I Horse with deluve Opt 
$1)95 
HAR RIS W E S TE R N C E N TE R 
672 41oo 
1 771 3414 
F E R T IL IZ E D COASTAL HAY 
! 
1131916 
’ 
For Sale 
I R een tered Brangu* 
Cow*, * y r* old. all bred to re g it 
I tered B rangu* bull. I tm all calve* at tide. I bull yearling colt *ubiect 
I to re g ittro tie n M oke your b e *! o ffer. L a r r y V o ll. S II 374 317 3 wight* only 
G ru n w o i I h o r * * tr o lle r , e ve. cond I 177 31o4 ofter 5 p m 
H A Y Delivered 
I 685 3341. 1-667-3747 
John D e e r* Double Tool B ar. 4 
Row P la n te r, C o n tin en tal Red 
Seal Irrigation Pump Both Good 
Condition 464 377o, Poth 
John*on Gross Hay, from 5o cents to 
SM S a bol* 
453-98oo or 
4561464, 
Jump Saddle in new condition for sole 444-S JOI 

Macdona Auction Sale j E very So! l l Noon, Cottle, sheep, q o o tl, horse*, l l m i 
S W 
S A 
Form Rd 1171, Mocdono. Tv 
Morgan More. well trained Eng. 
Jum per Gentle deposition 
Ask­ ing $975. 458 8o)o days 
658 9984 
I W tl 
9n Ford Troetor and I pieces of 
I equip! runs good 
SHOO cosh 
! 411 DOO_________________________ 
No I Fertillied Coastal Berm uda 
HOV St 75 per bole in Born Suit!- 
: erlond Springs IS Bales M inim um 
I 314-o14)________________________ _ 
P osture tor Horses 
IOO A cres 
M o vim u m IO W ell and S pring w qler Catching C orrol $18 per mo 814 734), 344 1787___________ 
RANCH FE N C IN G BY B E N K E 
___________ 474 I 5o4________ 
_ 
Req Polled Herefords. Bulls l l IO mo* 341 74o8, I 414 3575_________ 
Reo Rope Horse, qood tor begin- n e t* 684 181? Bu* 674 7687 
Reg 8 yr Qtr Boy gelding Eve. 
Bloodline*, IS.J hand*, good dis- position Eng ond West 458 1345 
Roan App More 9 yrs $35o Coli 
141 4453 
__ 
Show Soddig-Tev Ton im p e ria l 
O ouble Buck S titc h Ok 
B w n. 
H a n d Tooled, L ik e N ew $35o 
4*41116, Storey Seguin 42o 2517, 
Holly___________ 
Sm Block M ore ond La Saddle with covered stirrups 444 1747 
S p irite d 7yr b lac k App m a r t 
$55o esp rider only J44 64o4 

Me CHARLES fRO M FR 
ST VINCENT OE PAUL 

MC M ICHAU ROURKE 
KNIGHTS OF COLUM BUS 

 m s m a H A U 
M OOER NAIR ES 

J 
CLASSROOM TEACHERS 

M 8NU EI FIORES 
M ARGARITA G U ILLEN 
U N D A PACKER 

NADINE M FTCAII 
BIANCA RAN G EL 
PAULINE FRANKLIN 

M FCFDFS S P U IM O N 
S IW U LA FELD ER 
DAVID MUSK 

JANE JAMES 
JIMMIE IO U SERM AN 

3 
STUDENTS 

RETINA Willis 
ANTH O N Y P EO P LES 

4 
ADMINISTRATORS 

(A R IO S CONTRERAS 

S 
PARENTS 

O IG A H FRR FR* 
MRS SANCHO 
A M ELIA ADAMS 

RITA G U fllA R 
M ATEO A R R ED O N D O 
NANCY M OSLEY 

GLADYS H U S O N 
MARY BRISENO 
EVA BRYANT 

MRS IoHNSo N 
TRANK (O R LEY 
ROBERT INGLE 

MRS W ILSON 
DANIEL GAITAN 
ELIZAB ETH SHOOK 

JANIE M ORALES 

■WY coml SHOP 
O m i eve* $63,ooo yr.. In Irg m ea renter, geed m eting. 
$6 ooo Un 

MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N 'tU *. tee** $o, nice fu tu re*. 
Ore** $83X1oo yr. $63oo On 
FINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Owner l l yr*.. O m it % MO OOO 
N et* $37,ooo yr. Good perking. 
$33,ooo. Term*. 
POIYGRARHINO A INVESTIGATION 
Top orceunt*. 
Will re orb new owner 
Net* 
$1o o oo yr. 
$1 3.ooo dn. 

EAST KXM) OPERATION 
Alto te go. Owner IP yr*. Alway* busy. NON $14,ooo yr. $13,ooo. 
PIUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with m ired drink lounge, greet­ ing $4o,ooo mo. thor* hr* . good lee**, tee** 13o. $63,ooo dn. 
CUAN DAIRY KRUM f sentient parking loo dr o« eqpt , moneymaker $63oo. Term*. 

DAIRY OWEN 
N S U *, reel clean 
3**rtt 
3o. 
O o a d ^ m g Men $13X3oo yr. 

•USY LIQUOR STORE 
N 'l, fine future*, 
Ore** 
$133,ooo. 
Net* 
$33,ooo yr. 
$ 8 ,o o o * stock 
•USY NORTHS!DE RESTAURANT 
M ired drink*. Seen 13o. Ores* 
$18o ooo. 
Net* 
$4o,ooo yr. 
SJO OOO dn. 
URGE IW Y WASHATERfA 
Close to brie. Ora*»ine $33 OOO 
A net* $1 J.OOO yr. $9SOO dn 
N E GROOMING SALON I SURPUES 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK GUSS 
N I. n»al money mokmr% pood parting. 

Grot* 
14 dry 

EXCELLENT WASH A TER IA 
.* $3o OOO yr 3o I 
$ * OOO dr, 
3o mechinei. 

7 3 5 - 9 4 5 8 

( i i (J a & y fa & n 

2 o o 3 N . M A IN 

C i r . 

7 3 5-86 11 

1o8 LOST rn FOUND 

 lls REW A RD mole w hit* te rrier w ith black spots 
P ink U v ald e 
Id a * L o tt v ic in ity M cC ullough ond Harriet, M arch I. "J e rry " is r 

 un shy on d v a r y n e rv o u s l l 1911 or Uvalde Collect 171 U T I 

REINARD 
Mole Brittany Spaniel, white ond rust nom ed 'Y o m b o ’ ’ . 4S4 7386 
BIB 84*4 evt ISI 

 lid-SPECIAL NOTICES 

Stable* in Castle H ill* Esc ellen! riding area* SIO mo 341 7449 
Stocker Cow *. Stocker H e ife r* ond g ro t* 
COW** 
448 1431; 

BLOOD 
? DONATIONS? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SER VICES O f 

S A N A N T O N IO 
N O W 
OPEN 

A C R O S S K R O M 
M U N IC IP A L A U D IT O R IU M 
A T 

1 1 2 A U D IT O R IU M C IR . 
Men.-Hi t a 
AJA.-4 OO PJR. 
C LO S ED S A T . A S U N . 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 

° " - t Y - 
- 

HO BIDS A PROPOSALS 

Used E lem entary sue classroom fu rn itu re fro m th * N orth E as t 
Independent School D istrict w ill be sold bv auction on W ednes­ day*. February 13, Morch 1,9, 16. and 23. 1477 of 7:15 PM 
This sole w ill be handled bv the 
Borne* Auction Compony at their location a l 24o1 South H ackberry, 
Son Antonio Thl* Sol* I* open to the public. 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

I will not be responsible for any debt* incurred other thon m yself , 
D A V ID J W ICH T wfc W ill not be responsible lo r ony debts in c u rre d other thon o u rs e lv e s . D O R O T E O A E N ­ 
E D IN A R A M IR E Z 

NEW CLASS NO W FORMING 
"APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 
• CB RADIO REPAIR 
• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 
• TELEVISION TECH. OPERATOR 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C.. I st CLASS) fo r Inform ation 

C A IL - W R IT ! O R V I$ IT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 

Son Antonio, Tm. 
223-1841 

5 o1 -BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

ANXIOUS OWNER 
E Q U IP P E D TIR E R E P A IR 
SHOP PLUS HOUSE IN REAR 
ALL FOR ItS.OOO 
OR REASO NABLE O FFE R 
B U IL D IN G O N LY FOR LESS 
S II FR IO CITY RD 
433 7o44NORMAN G R IM M ))? 8o7 

5o4 MONEY TO LENO 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

1 gr 
J1oo 
W A LZE M ROAD STABLE under new m anagem ent Large Areno. 
Training Ring. IO Acre Po»ture, 
Stall* with run SU per mo Full 
Board Available *53 7*o4 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Gentle Palomino m a r* Reckons- bl* *98 1111 
___________________ 

~ BKE BUILD FAS! 
F o r low c o it. d u r o b i* S tu rd y 
Structure* 
(»#* m odel), coll 
464-11)8 i 
I W ELSH P O N IE S 
________ 
68) OSP_____________ 
2x4 S. 2*4'*, 1*4 * ond 1*4 » Good cond 449 1199 333 7126_________ _ 
' 7 Y ea r old q uarter hor*e m ore, 
SISO 
I '2 yr old Dun filly, SUS, 
I 444 U SI. 
Youth Norte Show Ata*co*co ce . 
April 13 8 am Junior Senior Sod d ie t , b u c k le * 
1-746 3o44, 
I 764 3114, I S44 16S1_____________ 
I 4 yr old, blo m ule. rid e*, w o rk* and pull*, 333 5474, S3* 4311 
S, I yr p a il Reg B rahm an Bull*. 
MSO eg 511141 1146___________ _ 
Syr Prince Hank M are, holt u tte r lo W orld C ham pion 
In foal to 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir co n d itio n ed fo r w e d d in g *. , reception*, dance*, etc Hold* up to 45o p e o p le 
G r e a te r S A 
Budder Assoc 
8915 N W 
IN IO 
444 38oo j 
A Aouger clean* clogged drain* ond tow er* bet! - plumbing repair too One call doe* it a ll. price * before we P a r t. Seven d a y * a week Coll anytim e 341 *114 or the white poo*-* tor A Aouger 
Alroot! Free Trantporlation 
To SI Lout*. Cincinnati. N orrie burg Po and New O rleg n t And 
Other point* 114 1711____________ 

ART LES S O N S 
Painting, draw ing, ony m edium 
S till lite , lo n d tc o p * . p o r tr a it 
B e g in n e r * a n d a d v a n c e d 
*tudent* Delon* 
Herm on de Ja­ rl, 816 1858 
______ 

FOR RENT 
Hourly or daily Auditorium and 
DO W N TO W N L O l/lid t lo n g es 

A U D IO V IS U A L 
SC HO O L 
D o you p r e fe r to w ork in th e ! rem edial areo of education* lf *o, I thi* well etfablithed local tchool m ay be the answer Coll tor De- ; toil* 341 i m Anytime 
C e n t u r y 21 
RAY TEAL REALTO RS 

A U T O D E A L E R S H I P 
. 
For tole 46 veor going butine**. 
JOE VA JOOS. I SU 78o 2125 
B ack d ra m Rent 1o*1? o ffic e ! term *, tree delivery 914 5oo) 
6 E E & CLUB Bandera Rd C r eof potential coll 411 9o7o otter 11AM I 
BODY SHOP And hou*e tor ta i* 1 
431 7184 
/ A t KT A k L O TJTO i” in tow” choice location, on going m oney- j m o k in q b u tin e * * Good le o * * 
Priced to *eM. Call 455 U24 
D E L RIO need couple or tin g le m an to m anage truck P o p ra t-1 
• o u ra n i. m u tt have cooking ex- j o f t te n e t, re n t tre e liv in g q u arter* available ol tight, ta la r * lo be discussed, call between S pm a n d 9 pm fo r a p p o in tm e n t, 
775 4*4o 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We to e n a il!* in the p u rc h o t* at: 
•Chattel or Real E ttote Note* 
■Plnoncial Leasing 
• Factoring Account* Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 316 OJI* 
I H I NBC Bldg 
San Antonio 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase of 
•Chattel or Real Estate Note* 
•Financial Leasing 
• Factoring Account* Receivable 
INQ UIRE AT 124 OJI* 
U U NBC Bldg 
Son Antonio 
N E E D i a 4 h »’ 
BUT HAVE NO C R E O IT 77T 
Coll Union Finance 113 *871 
Reodv Cath lo purchase your real ettote m ortgage* 115-1475 
SMALL H 6 k l6 6 1 6 A t4 i 
JUST P R O M ISE TO PAY 

S tarting, evpandm g. Intangible a c c o u n t* r e c e iv a b le c o in a v a ila b le to r t h * * * a n d o ther money need*. Coll 673-86S7 now 

5 12 -INSTRUCTIONS 

Location, great tor music, club* p a r t i * * , w e d d in g r e c e p tio n * , m e e tin g * of o il k in d * 
C a ll 
144 4539 N e o r N o rth S ta r ond 
Central Pork M ali 

 ta b le tte d . Doing good b u sin g ** 
T a k e o v er im m e d ia te ly 
$166o down l l J 7878 otter I M F M ___ ighf- 
F or Sol* or Lease 
Ideo! 
L o c k la n d to W orld C ham pion in fool to 
....... m,...... . . 
■ y-"1" snot n e a r 
Loc 
Prince Plaudit ond Joker B Stat- 
74 Hondo CVCC H atchback,m utt . a7]-«i$6 otter 4PM lion 
J Other Appaloosa F ilii* * . 
**H. socrtt.ee *7 ,i4 v *41147 
1 

A F B 

Must sell M i o344 atter l p m 

Ch 
S ire d A K C re g 
S h e tla n d sheepdog*, tobie white, Tri * oil shot*, worm ed 736 o484 otter 5 
Ch Sired Blk Labrador R etriever 
P u p * 
I te m 
811-oo34 a fte r 
4 lop rn onytim e on weekend* 

COLLIE CLUB OBEDIENCE 
S ta r t* 
21 M a r 
7 p m 
C o ll 
44* U l t , 44* 8*36 tor Into, 

 doberm an Pinscher femole. Red 
AKC Reg l l m o* 9161414 after 7 i p m 

 f r e e 
COH 
496 7111 and 
Kitten* 
Colt 

•F R E E P U P P IE S * 
*13 1113 

AKC German Shepherd, female. j u t watchdog 488 1 539 
AKC German Shepherd*. Pick of litter 
4 wk*, 
I female f7S. 
464-9647 
AKC Golden Retrievers 7 
4 wk old mole* SUS I 54! 3364 
AKC 
G REA T 
D A N E 
HAR 
LEQUIN 
PUPS. 
CROPPED 
64o-1161, 
AKC Great Dane pug*. Faw n* 
$15o Term* 413 *49*__________ 
AKC IRISH Setter* Champion 
Bloodline* *41 ill? 
AKC 
Irish 
Setter 
Puppies. wormed. *hgt> 4*4 844$_____ _ 
AKC Irish Setter 4 mo female $*6 
*64-1766, 
AKC Irish Setter Pug* 
MUST SELL 
• 
655 6191 
AKC Kteshond puppies. I beau 
Mu! femole*. $75 each Kerrville 
IU 257 77*2 atter 
5pm or weekend* 
AKC Labrador Puppies SMS 
I 
1 713-644-o4o6 akc La b r a d o r p u p s 
Ch line* $$5 l l * 1363 
AKC large miniature Poodle. At 
Stud Coffee with Croom, >44 1117 
AKC Lhasa A p io co m p atib le mole female 575 eg 65* o116 
AKC Min Schnouter mal*. I yr* 
Great Pet 671 1666 
AKC Norwegian Elkhound Pup*, beautiful m arking*. |7o m ale* onO female* 444/3)1 
AKC Norwegian Elkhound Pug*. 
Ch Bloodline Sec. Watchdog*, : toot* wormed 144-171o 
AKC Sovemed* m other a n a l mole pup* 111 1663 
AKC Shuttle*, Min Cattie* 
4SS 75*4 otter $ j 
AKC Show Quality Doberm an pups ti wk*, ear cropped, red ton, blk IPU 911 1766 414 631* 
AKC Tov Poodle Puppies 175 Tov 
Pekingese Puppy MS *66 PJS! 
AKC Tov Poodle Puppies Silver j 
Byp* Mole at Stud *13 o311-------- 
AKC W C IM A R E iN C R S. * m et ald SSS up 464 44o?____________ 
AKC York* Pup*. Stud Service 
71S-o611. 724-17 3o 
AKC YORKIES 
Quality- 
V i mo, mole tem 
834 4127 
AKC 4 yr German Shepherd mal* 
Ancestor* 
G erm any 
G rand 
Chomp* SMS H i* guggle* SMS moi*, ternate* $1oo Bol >7$ En 
Cinol, Tx M O I! 5)1 94* 517« 
AKITA PUPPIES USO SMS 
454-1517 (Keep colling) 

/Dania Dos Ohed. Classes 
The Alamo Dog Obedience Club w ill hold reg istra tio n tar it'* 
Spring Training Clo****. Sunday, 
March 17, 1677 from I to J pm at 
753 NE Loop Expry (41o). Th* ll week court* will be ottered tor 
Botte. Novice, Advanced Novice, 
Open ond Utility Oops must bo at loo*! t month* et aaa end have preot of rab id * vac illatio n 
C ia **** will bo boid Tuesday 
• vonmgt, starting March 19, 1977 al 7 SO p m Phone MI-6411 tram 
I M o m to 5 o 9 p m . after $ 68 p m phone 224-o491 

AKC 

F R E E P u p p ie s 4 w k *, m lx o d bred lo t or Sun *33 6731 
F R E E to good hom o I y r old 
Black 
M ala G orm an Shepherd 
, MS IMS. 
Free I yr old Mod Outside Happy 
Doo N eed * good hom e 
House included 464 1718 
G erm an Shepherd Pup*. AKC 
Exc Bloodline* e 453 2)5) 

G e rm a n S h ep h erd P u p *, AKC parent*, * w k* 735 Q U/ 
G e rm a n S h e p h a rd P u p * SIS 
496 4*18 ofter 5 p m 
G erm an Short hair puppies, oft 
I 5pm SSS IH S 
G reat Done. Brindle M a lt. I m o i rid. 5115 COH *9« 5443 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion tire d I 7 55 4646 
Grown P tk ln g eie . Reasonable 
617 6371 
Halt Alaskan Husky H alt Germ on 
S heph erd* 545— $55 
S hot* and 
Wormod, Seguin, i 379 OOH 
Irish Torrior*. AKC. born Fob 4, pond w ith Chadron, good watch 
OJIHV t m --- 
JONES POO O LE SHOP. Sogum, 
$5o-Up 1 176-oo11 

J M A LE D O B E R M A N puppies. 
AKC 613 6164, 613 145o__________ 

 m a l t e s e 
I m o le, 3 y r * no p a p e r * 
F e m a le . I y r * w ith poper* 344 7447 otter 4pm 

1o6 PERSONALS 

' 
C A T E R IN G 
F a r a il o c ca s io n *, best recom m e n d a tio n *. re a s o n a b le , c a ll atter 4 pm 665 338o 
I w ill pay you s6*» ct m y fir * * week * work if you tell me about a sole* lob opening in or related to botanical in d u s try. Con tra v e l 
Call i i * 5*22 ll no answ er call atter 6 3opm 
John fe (TwoT J Middleton M e a t e 
.C ontact M 
McCam pbeM $14 E 
Quincy Apt I 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 
A NI tit MA^SA ik [ AC A T!6n 
1 outside city, open 7 day* 'til la m 
P rof m asseuse* 
H U O I H l i N betwwen O'Connor A Judtan R d* 
CALL a b i t U U * Wa? IS tor the 
M o*soge ot Y o u r L ite ! P A R IS 
RUBS, 
Open 
I 3oam to 
4am , 
1461 1666 

DEALERS 
Get Your Salesmen Seiling Again 
Send him to 
PARIS H U B B , 
*62 1 6 6 * _______________________ 
E n la rg e Y o u r C irc le a! iin g le 
F rie n d * Join 
S U B U R B A N SIN 
GLE D A T IN G S ER VIC E 
W rite 
M SI M irh ello W ay San Antonio, t i m a t. 
E s c o r t* !" g u id e d 
T o u r * 
In te rn a tio n a l E scort and T o u r 
Agency 
16662 
Mc 
CuHeugh. 
141 6525 t v T F h I T T 'A tw itch M o h a i r . 
Coll Carm en tor Detail*, 461 16*4 
FOR H E L P with an unwed prep nancy, call Edna Gladney Hom e, 
Ft w orth. TX I o66 76} 11o4 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o rt S e rv ic e 
IM -H S I. H I 3341 Tokyo HOV5* 
47 u Blanca 
_____________ 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

SPR IN G S PECIAL • i Price M a* sea* F ro * Sauna and Whirlpool t i I IM ) Tokyo House 4718 Blanco 

SU N D A Y S P E C IA L * H o lt P ric e 
Mossoo* from l l 4. Froo Sounq. 
711-134) 4218 Blanco Rd 
--------------- t i Si 'YE A B S------------------ 
ESCORTS ALL OCCASIONS 
Be one or have one 
_________MO 111S M 4 M IS 

1o8 LOST AND FOUND 

" m o le o la c l^ o n ^ w h il* 

S undov* 
M u s ic ia n * w elc o m e lT |oJ,1iu 'w o T !flv l oroduct*^a n U|h # 
S ILVER DO LLAR LO U N G E , 824 ^ C J O U W O n d V 8 * j4 u (1 on tho 
Son Pedro m arket. 731-646o; 7IS-o7S7 
O F F S E T P R IN T IN G Busine** lee rent or leave Fully equipped with 
1 jiffy P res* Instant Printing 
A tun service print shag near you 
, n . . k 1*o c d P r e s * 
.4o4 McCullough 4211 San Pedro 
J^fVrnck8 C Ic 
W H I 
17o1 SW M ilitary Or 
42o6 Fredericksburg Rd l l * E Rhapsody at Son Pedro 
^ a rrio a e or Divorce Counseling p riva te , p e r*o n al. confidential 
344 2284 or 732 *758________ _ 
T o o T o *tr’po7TTor"ycu7TT3- n#vir sparers and corrugated IM Ce rolvo APCO P A P E R STOCK 
U D R IV E OUR C A * * 
ANY C ITY SHARE GAS 
N A T . INC 
(7131 6*o 1o1o 
W 6 6 b L A K E Country Club mem bership Below cast **! *o45 

FOUND dog Northern H ill* dreg 411 11*3 r S I f 
Cornein! orea im a lt while fem ole poodle type dog Liberal 

 lo s t (amole, b lo t gray col. white 114 ENTERTAINMENT 6UIoE face nock paws, red collar, Live 
Ook, reword 453 3)98____________ r S T ? te m o le Ka til y, Tu r tle 
Creek vicinity Brown blue eye*. reword lupe, 494 °TM- U * U U r S T f fem ale m ixed breed ring m edium s ilt 
Coner 
R E W A R D 1 
7 34 1*73__________ 

 l 5 4 t gray m ale W iem araner, 55 lb», on»wer* to 
M a x ". Vicinity ol 
N o rth S ta rt M o il 
S u b s ta n tia l 
R EW A R D ! 344 5947 734 7158 
I o*t green eye gia»*o» downtown orea, reword. M I HIO 

 l 5 5 t 
Highland HS o rea l l yr pet 
M a l* A p ric o t poodle 
C all 
137 *o11 Otter 4pm 

 c o n s id e r p r o fit s h a rin g w ith qualified pressman 
82o-4885 or 
814 1444 
6wNfcR~feT fiR INfc---------- 
G arage and auto part* on ’ » a r r * , ouio port* budding ha* 3ooo sa ti ond rent* tor 55oo a mo G arage building ha* 2*oo *q ti with lot* of rent spoce ond net* 51,ooo a mo 
M e c h a n ic w ill »toy w ith n e w owner if desired ideoi location, good te rm * M9-1479 
I H ector J Herbock Inc , R eoltor* 
"O w n Your Own B unn#** ' iWhde 
Auto S tore*. 391o Call Field Rd 
Wichita FOH*. Tx (o17)4*2 141o 

< Ih a r Y I u v b u » ft w it 
F L IG H T ! Busine** trig *, fishing trio*, you name it, We ll By it! 
I o44 3471 

12o-BIOS I PROPOSALS 

MVrtATtOM TO BIO" 

FREE 
WATER BEDS 
EXOTIC 

Mixed Poodle* 4 yr w hit* m oi*. « y r. B lack ta m a le , need lo vin g hom e, to ld os p a ir o n ly . $4o 
711 I Ty I otter 5 and weekend* 
O B E D IE N C E C L A S S E S : 
A ll 
Working B reed* Lone Star G e r­ man Shepherd Club Registration 
M ar. l l . 7 * P m at South Pork 
M all Rear P arking Lot 627 194o. 
113 t u t 
Old Eng 
Sheepdog pug* AKC . 
SISO up >2* 5719 otter 4pm______ 
P IT BULLDO G Male. lim o Atter 
5 Cpu 333 1*71_______________ i . Poodle Puppies, Block SM ond 
SIS m 
1471 ova* 

MASSAGES 
Given by th* Foxiest G irl* in San 
Antonio Best bloc* to Relax and i Unwind "F e ll Better Fast" Out tid e C ity L im it* Open IS IO to 
4gm 
B u D iscount*’ North Side 
PARIS H UB B. *62 26*4 

LOST 
Lovable. Clumsy 46 IP*. I m o nU tem ole LAB 
No collar. 
W h it* star on chest o o k P ark areg 82*1114 
Losl: NMM long fa ire d Siamese w ith bushy to ll in v in ic ity of 
Oblate- McCullough S II 8**1 

 l o 5 T ~ r '« '• /d b re g j Jag*. I mo old 
I black ond I dork brow n 
V ic in ity of T a m w o rth (C a tt ia 
Hills) REWARD! 144-o568_______ t b s T 
I mo oiq 'hoi* D o te r man 
Black aver brown Collar Sunset. 
J a n e * M o lts b e r g e r a r e a 
R E W A R D ! >11 6o)4______________ 
LOST 
Opal ruby saltf rln§ 4*n tim ental vatu* 
R E W A R O t 
124 M6 7 l e i* c a f 

 t ie toem . 
I rn 
N u k w i 

Im W m l h klkten H em •Ona H Nu enwfw at Nudum* af Na Wa I M M 
!,••>• VMM I7M A d m ll. tea 4* 
■Me tam 78311, WW porn rn Wa 
■ f •— | af Nil Wa Ouwtw ti NmOim * 

 lam af aw* NO* 

TX* Ut- lm»— l i v e HWU* iwarm 
OM npx la m n* wegWenw aa* Ie re pa ••* w M w ■•»«■>■ ha**, • rn ia«w •> IWM ii h V i HW N a v po n ku8i* kf Wa Hana* Rwai ka*aia 
»••• wH iv m a x i w ii well awk, ai 

 aa* watiOveiwi. Wa NIP wa* Mala! 

 r n f B 
Colome* Ne: i W 

 w h it* I 
4*6 6757__________ 
Smoll fluffy pra y m ixed 

4 m um uxeioipiu! (PfattUMm 

G I. 

SPECIAL 
M o il M assage* i Price! 1opm ta 
4am 
The L o t* N it* Place to be this week! 
PARIS R U B S . 
1*2 2*64 

POODLES 
822 9291 
HEY 

 p i 

Til 

 itS L ttff. 'X L V S L_____ cater* equip, moch Toll tree 
*ofr$16 4656 ext 3oo9__________ 
M IC H IG A N 75A, 4 wheel Sr rub 
Ber tire Loaded Poy att B ank to t* 51756 7) >9151117----------------- 

POWER SHEAR 
P e n a P o w e r G ag S h e a r, ie 
96 i 7 l 5 hp E xcgllani. Rugged 
"•OC hint 114 1494 

MERCHANDISE 
MAST 

Call 

2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

 i u i t M Y " C h a ff* Et** 

Apricot Poodle M ala. I yr 
Roo 459 6*66____ _______________ 
B eautiful AKC C hihuohu e Pup pie* 575 511 7166 
B u c k G R E A T D A N E AKC pup 
PIO*. Block or b lu a 
USO 556o te rm * I 4)1 1461 

 b l a c k l a b r a d o r r e 
TRSIVER Pup* AKC. WalchdoB. 
Com panion, H u n te r. C ham pion lin o * 
A v o u o B U 
C a ll A u s tin , 
474 5181 or 454 *4 * I______________ 

BORDER COLLIE PUPPIES 
P urebred, from w o rkin g stack 
*4o 
M u tt nave fenced y ard ar country 1-74* 14*4 

Poodle* - I puppy Blk. I odull, 
Toy*, t m IM 9o4?____________ 
Poodle* I ' * wk old Apricot 
I • 
Adult T ri Colored temole 
I Toy 
Chihuahua fem ale*, R e * M ixed 
Chihuahua Pekingneso Puppies 
117 7144 
P U P P IE S ! 
M o le 
’ tp o o d lt . 
' vchmughug, 57o to 111 *974 
Puppies K teshond (T h * Dutch 
B a rg e D a g th a t B e c a m e th * 
Darling et th * Jet Set) 
AKC 
414-6611. 
Reg 
D o b e rm an P in s c h e r* tor sol* in -a ii 
Reg English Se6t*f$i Ch 
C m ** 
V I 
_____________________ 
R eg 
S cg ttish T e r r ie r . I y r * 
A fric a n R id g e B a c k R e d d e n s 
C rg **, 7 m o*, tom ato* G orm an 
Shorthairod 
Pointer, ternate 
*1 *1 1 )7 
_______________ 
S ib erian Huskies, 13 w k *, roo, fem 
P arent* pointed. 
$15o a u m 
____________________________ 
) Springer S paniel*. Cham pian 
Bloodline Reuvooqble I } * 12)4 
ST B E R N A B O P up*, m ale *75. 
Fem ale $45 s p * » * _____________ 
TRO PICAL FISH and equipment 
________ 4*1 *1*1_____________ 
TW O AKC R e g is te re d F e m a le 
Doper mon pug* $ w k* old Large bane* O n * b tu * ond rust 
Ona 
* ¥ " in . I 914 4551 
U K C R ag 
A m e ric a n E s k im o 
Pgpp.e* Pare W hit* Slog M I o457 

UKC TOY FOK T E R R IE R S 
. ■ ^ O 4 1 ^ , A H iJAS|. . * t ) -j* o / 
W ANT AN AKC D O G ! 
S A Dog Brooder* R e ferral S o r vie* will pat you in touch with g n e a rb y r e g u la b le b r e e d e r 
*64-7767. 471-6tdl 
Wonted Good home tar I m ixed p u g *, p o rt Scotty (»m d o g *) 
454 5551. 7116 L e ly Fora*! (Live 
S3&2_______________________________ 
Watchdog* Largo Brod Dog* ta 
Frag. 

HEY 
BR A N O Y IS M E R E ! That T o ll 
Stacked Blond* 
What A w ay To 
G o!’* P ARIS BUBB, 497 7994 

" “ t v w m nr m 
* h i A f f n — 
SALON 454 7494 
M i T s f u i e w A t J t i B l T W T T O 
W eakly 
E xp e rien c e not n e e ** vary 732 I M I 4116 Bunco Tokyo 
HOU** 
V Z * rn* noon to 4pm, Betty M eet m e fro m 4pm to la m , E d it tor d rin k * and dancing Af the Re sort, 4*43 Rondotph Blvd between 
O’Conner 4 Judson Rd* 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
P ric e Shag 
C O M P A R E S T IL L featuring 1677 MASSAGES of I97J one6$) Com# meet our Beautiful 
N ew 
M e c h a n ic *'*. S om ethin g now coming soon! 
THE BODY SHO PPE, 462 2oo1 

 b ro o d d o t 
B la c k fle a c o lla r 
A n s w e r* to " M o g o n " 
V ic in ity 
Volley HI M all O II M l* __________ 
COST 
Smoll m a lt S ia m **# ro t neor Gulf Station an Jones M ott* gorger, Sat M a r l l R E W A R D ! 
146 U M atter lpm or w eekend* 
LO S T t o v P o k in g n * * * , d a r t brown, long haired 
A nsw er* to 
M IS T Y ' 
V ic in ity I86o W H er m in* R E W A R D a lte re d ’ 731 4414 l & i f , i ' . V r 
6 ld , N r u t .T T d • 
BUck Male CAT. with red coner, 
Possibly S 
Z a ria m o re ond *16 
Sot Morning House Pot. Pleoso 
Return Coll 614 *467 att Sgm, or 
471 771S during working H r* 
Reword 
Brown tome while 
C ollie dog. fe m a le " A lb u a u o r 
Q ue', disappeared 
Thursday 
111-6157 
I e t A A B ft fe m ale ' C h ih u a h u a , ald, tin y , lic k , b lac k and ton, whit* tip on tail and tact Nam ed 
P E P P E R . 666 W 
Hildebrand. 
7)5 o137__________________________ 
R E W A R D (o r b i o d a n d tan tem pi* G erm on Shegnerd toil in 
M cCrete** areo 534 5178 
521 
A LW A R D 
For Jerry, wbAg te rrier with puck spots, o a r* end e y e * 
H a rrie t and M cC u llo u g h a re a , M a rch m a 
U v a ld e tags, 
CPN ll? 1611. or Uvalde Collect 
I 178 1171 

(fsruMMi at round*! eiinunu lkn vaatvaxi rn veep* *a a 

 pa1 WMvvar ted Wa UA ftxoananai 

 mubmu w o rn a* m n h • * 

•rn* rn +m (M ftrfA* $ btl pt wa*. pkm ftiKau». IIM ■A»n >*•*«» 
IMM* tore pvt* ■» RP**" rn *ee rn 

 b n 

IM. Jowl 
Director of Furchgunq 

Sop Anton** Iron ut Sytlom 

R U H UU peepoaotx - ill bo roc or vod by th* Booed of 
Iraraxoov of Wo n orth (oat 
Indopoevdoot Sthooi OtvWWf tor tho toMeartng Rome ot tho Novo* tho wa. iiO fM ts A plaques Q u o ta tio n 
Mnndor Monk it . 16/7 t i l On 
3-oo p.m. Tuautnr. North 
26, 1 9 // 
COVtktD WALK 
J 3o p ai , tuavduy, 
Maitr, 29 1 9 // 
CLEANING ALUMINUM SCttENS 

REPO 
SALE iotto*. R 
Blond*. Brunette*. Rod Hood*, oil cream putt* Door* Open 16 JO ta 
4am C ream Putt Checker, M i** 
M 22 34 Add into. PARIS BUB B. 
492 1694 
_ _ _ _ _ ik e d td ti 
R o o m m a te a p artm e n t! 344 111$ i r r t T T T i T i r 

 s h a re 

 and 

Protect 
451 9441 your 
Homo 

PRO FESSIO N AL 
D A T IN G SERVICE 
M otcnm oher Inc 3*4 IH S 

SINGLES 
AKR ho* m em ber* In Son Antonio o re a 
E stablish ed, re sp e ctab le introduction club Meet other sin­ t e r * s in g le t locally 
SIS 66 In ­ troductory otter AKR Select Sin fie *, Box 1571. Cereus Christi. Tx 
76412 
{Ingle* ll It Vrt ba'fing------ 
Bv M atchm aker inc 
1156 Jackson Keller Suit* 365 
E xecutive Center M 4-11U 

REWARD 
FOR N O R W EG IA N E L K H O U N D 
N A M E D " P E R K Y " . A 6 yr old spayed temole with Minot. North 
OPhoto roble* tag* 454 1521 

 r e wAfcbTftli I 'E'fu fc h 'f t r y r 
B ER N A R D 7M-6651_________ 
556 REW A R D tor return a! solid 
Chrome ca*# TV 
Handle on top laid* dawn Control* in lower r f hand corner 7114516____________ 
BEW ARD for Seeingry e dog—for th * blind, germ an th o p ard . U " uiock soots, answ er* ta th* nam * al 
Heidi" 512 551 1 SM 68/1 

167/ 
2 JO p « ftmodey. Mo, 
WOtktQOKS J UU e re ■ t hut ten,, 
Mor.H J! 1 9 // j W A 'lt I HIX I MI NI 
2 OO p m , j Tuesday, Afr2 5, 16/7 
Bld terms nay be puked up 
| prier tai b d sparing in the a ttila 
I e t th# (brevier ait P urchasing, 
I N I I * o , 1o131 P .B edw ay 
San 
! Amante, faxes 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D unn A R ro d s fre e t s o y* C oin 
O p t r o t t d L a u n d ry on d D r y 
C ieontna S tore* o r* one of tw o industries with th* least failu re figure*.' 
K W IC K W A S H coin o p e r a te d la u n d ry and d ry c le a n in g test store* far sot* 
WE H A V E choice laun dry loco lions in every peri ot Son Antonio 
! rta d y to build now 
BANK RATE F IN A N C IN G 
For inform ation coll EP Floyd 
S U 464 1771 a r v is it ou r w a r ­ ehouse tnow room at 54o3 Jock- wood, San Antonio, Tx 78238 
Ford Com m ercial Sole* Inc 
The World * la ru # *t 
Speed Queen Distributor 
R E o w 6 b M S B u r b a r k io n 
I trocts, tim e paym ent plan. H o r- 
- vest m achine* and book* availo 
! Ole 
A rn o ld 's 
W o rm 
F o r m h Inc .44o7 O m kqny, Son Antonio, 
I TA 71147 
454 o614 
A n s w e rin g 
I service 494 7 jll 
» t » 6 m 
U f £ ' " U u*t sell l im m onth 
Lew down paym ent 
No i pe rso n a l lia b ility loan 
M o b il* 
I homo park in Kingsville, Tx with c u rb s , p ool, roc ro o m 
G o o d ‘ 
I co n d itio n — tost need* » u p # rv i | 
*<on 
Consider any trode 
' 1-562 5664 
______________________ 
ROCKPORT We hove Hie »we# 
I test deal on th * T * x o * co o st— I 
I S W E E T T H IN G , a beautiful old 
I fashion ed ic * creom p o rte r in 
Rockport Going business in goad 
' traffic location, ideal for couple 
I who w ant lo com bine p le a s u re i with a money making capability 
I For more information on this and 
I other com m ercial or residential 
I p r o p e r ty , w rite or c a ll S IP E 
R E A L ESTATE Box 1134, Rock port, Tx 7*382 phone 5)2 72* 2463 j or Jock Rot), SU 729 148*________ 
I Roll old newspaper into fireplace 
I loos tor cosh, 3*1 452! 
, S W A LL I a P M U 5 i t U orV s” 
I F o lly e q u ip p ed 
$1,8oo 
D a y s 
115 o)8o or nights 317 7993 

SPEARER HITS 
I I I way and I woe systems, you 
| put them together awith easy to 
J follow directions, sovt up to 46% wholesale, tor more into call 
I 454 764) 

SPEAKER KITS 
I I way and I wav systems, you put them together w ith easy to follow direction*, love up to 46% wholesale, tor more into call 
454 7641 

I Owner retiring, will tram boyer 
I ROSSI RL A LTY 
464 )7»l 
T U b U k f c V ' t W building.' Lx 
I lu r e * and stock 
N eighborhood i D riv e in located on M o to r hw y 
I ond near housing developm ent 
Bobbie Anderson, G R E IN CA M P 
B E L L 
R E A L T Y , AA 
456 5131 j I 37* 1434._________ i j i llN IT M ftT E L en B roadw ay 
G ood in c o m e 
Low d o w n paym ent Call for further d a u n t 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 S h o rt W e o tt s 

O ilie r Training in: 

Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 
— MBffjBB— 

 r m i j w 
/ mt 
Ma e r o t e c h * 

BECOME A LICENSED 
AVIATION TECHNICIAN 
NEW CLASSES MGM A W I Urb 
• 6ppio**d tot Veterans 
• Accredited HITTS Institution 
• EM Approved 
• (ours*', in Airborn# and ?o*rtr pk)«! 
• Ouabty tar FAA A t* Urns* 
• Cools* Duration 1} Months 
• Job floctment Ashstone* visit OR CAH 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
H IO 66th St, S tm son Field 
San Antonio, Toigt 71214 
924-S 5S I 

A A V A K lY C ^ t A S S f c 'f 

C L A I M S 

REPRESENTATIVE 

 leading 
Southwest in­ surance compony ha * opening* for claim* od luster trainee* in Son An­ tonio and other 
South 
Texas office* 
Applicant* must have strong work study record with a BBA degree Good benefit* pro gram and opportunity for advancem ent, 
Stoning salary $ 8 4 o per month In terview* will.be conducted 
Monday and 
Tuesday, 
March 2T ond 22. Coll for on appointment 
Goy 
Smith, 
9 6 o o 
Dotopomt, 
Son Antonio, TX 7 8 2 2 9 
AC 5 1 2 6 9 6 o o 6 o 
EMPLOYERS 
INSURANCE 
OF TEXAS 

 on tquei opportunity employer B f 

CREDIT M ANAGER 
Requires poor experience in working 
Witt) either auto 

 motive lobbers or contractor* 

Must hove knowledge of 

 bonds, ond lien* on con­ 

 struction work in Texas. Job 

 includes credit checks, ap­ 

 provals, collections ond 

 supervision of several clerks. 
Jock Phillips 
THI PERRY SHANKLE CO. 
18o1 $. floras St. 
228*18o1 

DETENTION 
OFFICERS 

High school grad or 

 equivalent, 21 yeors of oge 

 or over, no convictions. Must pass both genorol aptitude 

 and psychological test, 

Contact 
Bexar County Civil 
Service 
Commission 
Suite 4o4 
22o 2549 er 
22o-2795 

 by 741 )418 
S P O U T 
Businesses ond Invento r!** 
J KAHN A ASSOC 341 4817 

WORMS 
MF* buy worms under contract 
Worm grow er* needed 
512 453 5146 
WORM E N T E R F B ItB S 

5o2-BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED y7aT e?T P nn!nnurrS u*m *»^r 

M & a M lm w a a M ta m e a e u M iM M w 
SM MONEY TD LENO_ _ _ _ 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMID 
924 8551 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS idveihsemtflt* rn these (oiumns we adapted on the ptemtse the! (Ob* o< bred alii be hied on the bests el moil without dmuminotiun because of set unless i n lh it t bonulid* oc lupohonel quo!i!«*tien 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The ion inters* 7'i.o't liipio.ment las a ug<d Cade of (Hut* ii* (kiwi# employment nbers subscribe far rn tour p.I,o'* emplo»'ri«ni 

 is* 

 ogen 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
4368 S Flore* 
934 W O 
Southwest {choel of M edico' Ak 

 tor information lea d m l Ie return e t m o le D o b e rm a n P in s c h e r nom ed " i t # » » o r " , »l i y r * old 
V ery b it Black w ith ten m ark m g* ond trim m ed e ar* Wearing lea th e r c o lla r and ru b ies tag 
M istin g tin e * Sun Fab i t in OI m e* Pork Areo Ceti BBA * 1*1 or 
$11864}_________________________ _ 
5SD Reward lo s t In Pork Village 
Black and s liv e r G e rm a n She pherd puggy 453 *757 fitter 5^ 

• K A L E O BIOS by the Director of Busine** Aer v ic e s et 
E d u c a tio n S e rv ic e 
C e n te r, R egion IO for the our chuse ut 
F O U R 
19/7 
V A N 
TRUCKS U N T IL 16 OO a rn . April 
18, 1977 ite m iie d detail* ore on til* nod available upon request in the Purchasing Office, 1556 N E loop 416, 
Son 
Antonio, 
Texas 
782o9 
June Patton 
Purchasing Agent 

And tt’s Basyl Just coil ut toddy end we’ll put your low cost od in print, 

C a ll 225-1666 

Tower View Inc. 732 615? 
M w A N T I f t - '* e to o n tib ie person 
- 
--------------- - w ith n e c e s s a ry e q u ip m e n t to iH ~ C T T *t*ru a X < operote Conche g ra v e l pit, ap m m S iiH e e tif p ro v e d le r H o i# ond fe d e r a l 

 tistonre l l * 11*4 tis Broadway p 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 

Texas Vocational School t i S Flore* 
111 I H I 
W rnrnSSm m 

W ANTED 
TRUCK DRIVERS 

Must bove I yeors experience rn long boul and handling Od field 
Ripe Must relocate ta Uvalde. 

Texas (ad 

GENESCO INC. 
5 12 -2 78 -5 6 6 6 tquei Oppertimrty Employer 

I ACUITY NUMBER IO VERVE AS 

INSTRUCTOR ANO CHAM6USON 

DEPARTMENT OF CHILD 

DEVELOPMENT 

 lequrred Masters Dearie in (brid 
Development (et taffy cWhood) Ed- aration, at leos) three years expert enc* mcludmg teaching children un der six end odnuniwrcKiye responsi­ bilities, must meet Texas Education requirements, knowledge of ossessment precess 
Appoint m*nt ovoluble August JI Appose lien deadline Apii I Send letter el applHOhon with deluded vita It 
Trued I (heme, Dean, Son Antonie 
(aileg*, I VOO San fed! a, 782*4 

I UUU I Owe ll reunite Impiwywv 

 s r 

 rood* 
For appt coil M 
7411418 
W 
T W 

I Ruby 

B u *tn ***e * and Invento r!** 
J KAH N A ASSOC 142 482? 

WORMS urns* undei 
We buy w orm * under contract 
Worm grow er* needed i l l *51-51*o 

■aJ*2££Lm *M U LE £w w & £aw w > 
5o2 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
WANTED 

 v C o T e H S e irS n n u M n K !*^ ^ mg coble loot rig* (511) 176 *161 

Harry Jew ett 
Associates 

• CIVIL ENGINEERS 
I aquifers ow pretec red. 

• SURVEY CREW 
CHAINMEN 
828-6291 

RURAL MANPOW ER1 
SPECIALIST 

Degree eilh motor in en* of lh* leewi sciences ai I years contg* end 2Vi yrs experience in mon power program required Ability lo wark with pubbc offuiati 
Knowledge 
CE TA manpower 
: program desired Extensive hove! rn I J county orea 

Send resum e to 
A la m o A r« a Council o f G o v e rn m e n t* 
4oo Thr»R A m ental BM 
San Antonio, Tex. 782o 

 pt§i^YnmdfY- #«*¥»*• y 

P a g e 
1 o F 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch 19 1 9 7 7 
612 U M I 

EMPLOYMENT 
6o2 SALES 
612 a u m s u i b ljm 
&14 SKILLS TRWB 
IM ■ SKILLS TRMti 

6o1 ■ PflOFtStlOML p w onssiB M i 

 y 
> 
S 
5 e o 

A new W oolco 
D epartm ent 
Store will open soon in San 
Antonio. 
Excellent m a n a g e ­ m ent opportunities for a p ­ plicants with g o o d e x p e ­ rience. 

• JEWELRY DEPT. MANAGER: 
Qualified to manage full time jewelry dept. 

• HARDWARE/PAINT/HOME 
IMPROVEMENT DEPT. MANAGER: 
Buying, Selling, Stocking, Advertising, Pro­ motion, Inventory & Profit control. 

• CAMERA DEPT. MANAGER: 
Experienced in Promotion, selling and stock control of complete camera dept. 

• HEALTH & BEAUTY AIDS SUPERVISOR: 
Buying, selling stock, advertising and pro­ motion, inventory and profit control. 

• GARDEN CENTER SALES SPECIALIST: 
Qualified in complete outdoor garden needs. 

• LUNCHEONETTE MANAGER: 
Supervising food preparation & serving for 
I OO-seat cafeteria. 

• OFFICE CLERKS: 
Invoice, payments, payroll 

• STOCK ROOM SUPERVISOR: 
Shipping, receiving for retail store. 

All correspondence will be treated in strict­ est confidence. Submit resume of work ex­ perience, address and telephone number, to 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 78o3 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

A representative will be in soon for in­ terviews. Applicatinns for sales personnel to be taken at a later date. 

An Equal O p portunity Em ployer 

^baulea 
COLLEGE PREFERRED 
W ANT A CHALLENGING 
CAREER IN RETAILING 

WITH 
THC 
OPPORTUNITY 
OF 
A D ­ 
VANCEMENT TO EXECUTIVE POSITIONS. 
MGMT. Trainees now wanted by 

W O OLCO DEPT. STORE 
QUALIFICATIONS 
1 Ambitious 
3. Good health 
2 Willing worker 
4 Willing to transfer 
(ofter 6 mos.) 
W e Offer You 
1. Generous starting salary 
2. 5-day, 48 hr. week 
3. 36 mos. training program for mgmt. 
4. All promotions from within 
5. Life 8 Hospital Ins. 

6. Paid vocations 
7. Stock sharing 
8. Retirement program 
9 Paid holidays 
1o. Christmas bonus 
11. 25 - yr. Award 
For Appt. Call 
653-4461 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

MURSCH SPORTS 
HEADQUARTERS is now accepting applications for experienced 
SHOE AND SPORTSWEAR 
SALESPERSONS 

★ Full tim e-4o hours 
★ Paid Vac adion if Sick Leave it Top salary in local m a rket 

Experienced only need apply 
A p p ly in person at 
6132 Bandera Rd. 

Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

I 

I 

I 

I 

I 

I 

Metropolitan 
General Hospital is accepting applications for 

• REGISTERED NURSES 
Full time and part time 
3-11 and 11-7 am shifts 
General staff duty, MICU and OB 

• LICENSED PHYSICAL THERAPIST 
8:3oam -5pm 

• LICENSED PHYSICAL THERAPY ASST. 
8:3oam -5pm 

★ Excellent starting salary 
-A Excellent working conditions 

 if Improved and increased fringe benefits 

Interested individuals are encouraged to contact Personnel Office 
123o Brooklyn Ave., San Antonio 78212 

 equal opportunity employer 

I 

I 

I 

I 

I 

I 

6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 

 r 
A N O PEN 
LETTER 

 n ane s e d and d istre ssed obout your present status. 
Please coll m e — rf yo u can satisfactorily e x ­ plain how yo u r last (ob o r two got a w a y from you, I m ight b e able to o ffer the b e st sa le s o p ­ portunity yo u e ver in­ vestigated, a n d place you on our p ay ro ll b y tom orrow . 
M u st have som e past expe rie nce in direct selling. N o out o f tow n travel. 
I 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Our continuing expansion 
Net 
•pened residence! seles positions for tereer-oriented persons with or without exponent* Your suc­ 

 cess potential is thoroughly e x­ 

 plored in our confidential in­ terviews 
Extensive inh ou se r-tining program 
Call 
Bill 

McGinnis 
- 
Irookhallaw 
Office 
49 4-/A SI ar tarry begrave - San 
Pedro Office 424-o121. 

 k o s o u r & k C i T i £ > 

I REALTO RS SO YRS. Of TRUST 

 i e : 

3 

 i * 

LOGISTICAL SUPPORT INC 

EXPERIENCED DRIVERS FOR PASSENGER 
AND CARGO VEHICLES 
AUTO/TRUCK MECHANICS 
SUPPLY PERSONNEL 
MOTOR POOL PERSONNEL 

AIR FORCE EXPERIENCE HELPFUL 
W ILLING TO RELOCATE IS DESIRABLE 

SEND RESUME TO: 
PO BOX 9o24 
EL PASO, TEXAS 79982 

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

 r nim: 

 r n 

- r n - im: im: imI 

 r n 

Si 

=•: 

* 
: 

 b m newMieAi 

C B R E P A IR M A N • P C C licensed 
Con Service M gr. 349 A M S m SECRETARIAL 

I 

Call weekdays 
9 2 4 -4 2 o 8 J 

CIVIL EN6 TECHNICIAN 
Position open for C ivil E n g in e e r­ ing Technician tor person e xp e r­ ienced in dratting W ork c on sist of street, d rain ig*. sa n ita ry se w e r and water distribution p la n s and p ro file s, p e r m a n e n t p o s it io n , c o lo ry d e p e n d in g on q u a lif ic a ­ tions. Pope D a w s o n C o n s u ltin g 
E ngineers H34»4*4 
S p a n is h S p e a k in g L a b T e c h ­ nician. downtown. SOSO a month 
Reply to E x p re st-N e w i P O Box 
7 
4 
9 
4 
_____________ 

6o6 RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
4 W -Io H 
R E S U M E S — P R O F E S S IO N A L 
S E R V IC E 
o2o-o742 

REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER 
” fatty ^accredited, 444 bod, Southeast, nonprofit medico! center is le ttin g several progress**, mnovofiv, individuals for th* following positions 

, 
ERECTOR, FINANCIAL SERVICES lh i« financial officer o! institution, responsible for developing, im ptementmg ond maintaining complete financial m anagement system and akaefiy w j ,|m sm g^m o'<|al deportments. Preference will be given to con 

'* 
{• *- IM ; Fellowship m H IM A Minim um of five years •»- 
^ r w n ^ f w ^ a l controllership or hscoi director positions Must bt thoroughly familiar with third porty payer rules and regulations ond bt adept at reimbursement planning ond opium ,orion 

ASSOCIATE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Internal operations director responsible to (xtcu tiv* Director 
Assumes 

 overall insMutionol responsibilities rn Executive Directors absence Ie * 

 quires MWA ot egmvoltnt and a minim um af five years post Mosters tx 

 p e rte st of progress** re sp o n sib ly with proven frock record os Inferno! 

Operations Owacfot Successful candidate will have above overage record of 

 occompbshments including significant ond successful interaction with 

 medical staff 
DIRECTOR, PROFESSIONAL SERVICES 
Senior assistant administrator position reporting to Assoc Kit* Executive 
Director (ogerohom dntcior) Position is responsible for directing oil pro let stoned departments exclusive af Nursing S t e w * 
(equites MHA or tguivaloni and bv* yows post Mentors experience with at toast thro* rears int tho profossionol services area 

DIRECTOR, SUPPORT SERVICES 
A im font oamifwtTotw oositwi rf port m g to Associate Executive D 'W for 
Position ft ftig tm T T tor directing motor support services and providing odminntrotrvt representation on vonous hospital and medicol stuff com mrltoos rotating to doportmenr supervised lequtrei USIE, MHA. or M IA ond rmmmom of three years experience directing support services of o hospital facility 

DIRECTOR, STAFF SERVICES 
Senior level skiff position reporting to fxecutive Director Position is 

 responsible for oil or tutti its relating to community rotations fund develop mom, cmd planning Position requires an individual with M IA. MHA, or MA in Publ« leiationi with three to five years direct hospital experience or its equivalent rn pkinmng Preferably with hospital fund toning o n d 'n hospital pubbc rotations experience 

Positions offer Nobly competitive range with storting salaries tom menvurote with mdrvtduol s background ond experience Qualified persons 
MtorM tod rn these unique opportunities should submit complete resume detailing accomplishments, career objectives, employment Notary, educa lion ond current solely to j i t tX P RESS.NIW S 
BOX 4513, San Antonio, TX 78217 

SALES ENGINEER 
Position now available for energetic in­ dividual with desire to trade hard work for excellent future and career. G o o d working conditions and benefits. O n job training. M ust have g o o d referen­ ces. Salary according to experience and abilities. Send resume to: 

TIMBER TECH INC. 
P.O. BOX 57 

 l 
CIBOLO, TEXAS 781o8 

SALESMEN 
WANTED!! 

-NEW I USED 
CARS— 

 ta Must ba Experienced 
* Excellent Poy 
* Excellent Benefits 

DEVINE, FORD, 
INC. 
S.A. Phone 
677-82oo 

B a r n u m c 

V ia a lca 

EXECUTIVE SALES PERSON 
Excellent opportunity lot large commission income for quality residential salesperson aith GUY 
CHIPMAN (o. REACTOtS Prefer individuol residing in th* 
Northeast area 
Specialiieo training available 
Please coll 
RICHARD KRAUSE. Manager. 453- 
7341 for on appointment We hove openings m th* office at 
1241? Nacogdoches All inquiries confidential 

G u y C M p m a n O x 

R E A L T O R S 

Due To Expansion 
Are now accepting applications for: 
Camera Sales Personnel 

• Experienced in promotion 
• Selling and stock control of complete camera dept. 
• G ood company benefits 

A P P L Y In Person 
IO O Gill Rd. 
E q u a l O p p ortu nity E m p lo ye r 

RETAIL STORE 
MANAGER local electron* relent operation noods strong mmdtd sales moti­ vated store manager 
Exciting future aith above overage earn­ ings, profit sharing, m d od voncement Will ba responsible for entire store operation. Some ex­ perience necessary Must be stable ond possess o work bord attitude framing evadable 
Far exploratory interview call 653-766o 

$3 PER HOUR PLUS i c o m m iss io n to start, c a llin g on 
Sour c u sto m e rs. C a r n e c e s sa ry . 
M u st be neat and clean-cut 
444 s o n 
_ 

Real Estate Sales ti you ore licensed and consid er i m g c h a n g in g c o m p a n ie s o r p rep aring to apply tor o license, call me tor on interview In a d d i­ tion to a g e n e ro u s c o m m issio n sc h e d u le , we offer e x c e p tio n a l office a ccom odations in excellent locations p lus social security and 
M e d ic a l In s u r a n c e p a y m e n t s 
R U S S K L IN G IN S M IT H 34 2 4 1 oo 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S M A N 
The F o m ily is e xpa n ding and in need of 3 full agents. C ontinuous training, no pressure, m em ber of 
S A B O R and M L S Coll and see if you tit into the F a m ily w a y et se llin g 
Att in q u ir ie s ke p t c o n ­ fidential 732 ( t it 
FAMILY REALTY 

REAL ESTATE 
AS A CAREER tor 3 c o n se cu tiv e d a y s sta rtin g 
M a r c h 7S, ou r a s s o c ia t e s w ill participate in an intensive train m g cou rse given bv M r W a rre n 
Ringer, a noted nat l real estate training specialist lf a career in rea l estate w ith a p r o g r e s s iv e firm that u nderstands the value of training and guidance is of inter­ est to you. wo invite you to attend this se m in a r a s our gu e st F o r complete details call 124-24(4 
HARDY SCO., INC. 
REALTORS 
S A L E S C L E R K 
F o r attice supplies, apply rn per- ' son at jet P ress. 374o W u rtb o ch 
S A L E S : tov p ro gre ssiv e painting ond hom e repoir contractor. F o r ­ san will be obtaining leads fro m h om e o w n e rs, re a l estate c o m ­ p a n ie s. c o m m e r c ia l p r o p e r t y ow ners, etc 
In d ivid u al selected will receive excellent incom e p lus b e n e fits P a in t b id e x p e rie n c e prefer able Coll 341 o3(4 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE flNANCIAL 

STAFF 
ACCOUNTANT 

A 
Major 
Multi-Facility 

Hospital Corp. is seeking ac­ 

 countant for regional office 

 in Son Antonio. Accounting 

Degree required, recent 

 graduate acceptable, ex­ 

 perience not required. Send 

 resume to Box 4547, the Ex­ 

 press/News 78297. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Local M o rtg a g e 
Com pan y 
N e ed s 
FULL C H A R G E 
B O O K K E E P E R / 
M O R T G A G E 
S E R V IC IN G 
M A N A G E R 
Sala ry o p e n 

A p ply Suite 2 o 3 , 

6 8 5 1 C itizen s P a rk w a y 

Alamo Investment 
Company 

H A M A D A IN N A IR P O R T 
N ow la k in g a p p lic a t io n s fo r secretarial position in solos office. 
Requires OO wpm. bubbly p erson ­ ality. able to m eet p u b lic well, pleasant telephone voice. Th is is full time, perm anent, chance for advancem ent, and com pany ben­ efits Apply in person at 333 N W 
Loop 41o, Soles Office. 
S E C R E T A R I E S , n e e d 
3 fo r 
Northside plush office, fee paid, to 
SASO 
E C O h T O R E S O U J R C E ^ ^ 

61o OFFICE I CLERICAL 

GENERAL 
OFFICE CLERK 
MUST 
BE 
GOOD 
WITH 

FIGURES. TAKE DICTATION. 

COMMON 
SENSE 
5 DAY 

WEEK. 
APPLY IN PERSCH* 
JACK RIEGER 
CHRYSLER-PIY., INC. 
581o SAN PEDRO 
VIRGINIA DYKEMA 
OFFICE MANAGER 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICA N TS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise that lobs offered will bo nNtd on tho basis of merit without dtvcnmino lion because of sex unless tho |ob is o bonetta* occupational qual­ ification 
EM PLO YM ENT 
AG ENCIES 
The Son Antonio Frivote fmploy men! Association has o rigid Codo of 
Ethics to which ail its pnvote employment agency members subscribe 
For information obout private employment agencies of oc non on complaints, coll 224-78o2 at Hie letter Business Bureau 

♦ 
TRUCK DRIVERS 
♦ 

▼ loco) service compony needs experienced heavy duty truck A 

▲ d rive rs. Must be dependable with good work ond d rivin g ^ 

T records. locol only. MUST B l HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE. K T 

▼ you meet these qualifications we offer the following: 
▲ 
^ o Top salary 
• Paid vacation 
▲ 
♦ 
• Paid sick leave • Uniforms fu rn ish ed ^ 
• Life Insurance 
• Hospitalixotion 
^ m 
• Christmas bonus 
▲ a between 8am -5pm call Carlos G loria 
▼ 

▼ 
2 2 4 - 4 6 5 1 
A 
' tqual op|KMfv«fty amfMoyar f 

S A L E S M A N A G E R 
F o r a northeast real estate office 
Su p e rv ise e xistin g so lo s d e p a rt­ m ent a n d help teach new a n e s how to do it M otor national fra n ­ c hise p e n d in g C all tor a pp t to c o m * in *22 19o9 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 
Sa le sm a n wanted, w ork your own h o u rs, g o o d c o m m is s io n . C a ll 

J t t B j g - a a L 

ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEERS 

TRACoR. INC., Austin, Texas bos challenging career 

 openings for Electrical Engineers in its Applied 

Technology Division in Austin, Texas. The work in­ 

 volves design and development of airborne and 

 ground hosed digital communications terminals 

 ond related equipment for Military customers. A 

ISEE degree ond 3 to S years of design experience 

 with digital logic systems, minicomputer systems, 

 or microprocessor systems is required. Previous design experience for Military electronics systems 

 is preferred Assembly language programming ex­ 

 perience for minicomputeis or microprocessors is 

 desirable Send your resume ond salary history to: 

Personnel Manager, IIACQt, INC , 65oo TRACoR 
LANE, Austin, Texas 78721. 
TRACOR INC. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M/f 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
UVE IN SAN ANTONIO OR AUSTIN 
M ust hove recent retail supervisory ex­ perience in one or more of the following departments: M en's, la d ies' or Children's 
W ear; Fabrics; Linens; Shoes,- Cosmetics. 
Learn to be a store manager, G ood pay, 

 g o o d bonus, many benefits. Closed Sun­ days, reasonable hours. Live in Son A n­ tonio, Call or write Mr. Brenner or Mr, 
Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
I l l Soledad. San Antonie 782o5, $12-225-7163 

MANAGER TRAINEE 
PIX SH O ES, San Antonio's different kind of shoe store, is looking for experienced shoe personnel, interested in store management. 
Pix Shoes recognizes individual ability and pays top wages and comm. W e invite you to loin our rapidly growing co. by inquiring in person at 
PIX SHOES 
A divisors of W.R. Grace A Co. 
7 3 o o San P ed ro 

V 
S 
S c o 
DUE TO EXPANSION 
NOW ACCEPTING APPUCATIONS FOR POSITION Of 
Exp. Major opplionces/Electronics Soles Personnel 

Full time, some night work. Major compony benefits in­ cluding goranteed salary 
Call: Mr. Sam Tobin 
51 2-732-43o9 9 to 4 Mon-Fri 
E q u a l O p p ortu nity E m p lo y e r 

I J O B H U N T IN G ’ S U S4S,OOO B er 
’n a r d H a ld a n e 4 A ss o c 
( s i r s 
.343-3 144 
S in c e 
1947 
N o ! a 
P ICH *m en! agen e V 
_______ 
P i a lts lienal Executive 
Consultants Int l 
Per tunnel Consultants 
4241 IN IO, Suit# 44o 
I 
S I? 734 3343 

IM I N U M tit IO CAII. 
IS JJS 1 **6 
I x eel ss ANO NI w s 

I m ! CMA T i o p t N IN G 
M in im um 3 y rs program m in g e x­ p erience O atapam t ar O f T im * 
S h a rin g b u sin e ss sy ste m s: Top b en efits; E xce lle n t opportunity 
C e t iM r 
D o w d e ll. D o n e e D a t a 
Services. 
Dallas 
Texas, 
714 437 44o4 iBTTlbdtdR AVIAT't'd’ff M ilk 
T E N A N C Y 
M u st hove F A A 
A o n d p L ic e n se , teaching e x p e r ­ ience preferred, tut! lime position. 
Y14 ( H I . 

W n j M T O O M l 

D R A F T S M E N , m in im u m 3 y rs experience ( a la r * open 34*1 IM 
6 * k l K X I" M A N A W A a p riv a te resid e ntia l rec re a tio n a l d evelopm ent c o m m u n ity . South west Texos is se e kin g an exper 
■kneed p e rso n to d ir e c t d a lly o p e ra tio n s of a ll d e p a rtm e n ts 
M m im u n S y e a r s re c e n t e x p e r­ ience a s city m a n a g e r pf sm all 
, com m unity desired or sim itar ex p en en ce acceptable Stable per san and professional b ackgro u nd is ve ry im portant S a la r y open 
I Sand resum e ta E x p r e s s News, 
Box 4SI4. Son Antonio Tx 7(297 

PROJECT MANAGER 
SAN ANTONIO TEXAS i M a t e r c o n to rtin g e n g in e e rin g 
I firm piastres to em ploy registered i c u t ' engineer with ten or m ore y r s e x p e r ie n c e m th o m o n- ogem ont of m otor m u nicip al utili­ ty design products P rio r w hltro ! lion inflow a n a ly s t ** a n d sow er i system e valu a tio n su rv e y exper- 
, tone* desirable W o u ld consider i non re g p ro fe ssio n a l w ith S S E S e sp Sa la ry c o m m a n sru a l# with j experience 
Vend re tu rn * lo E x 
, p re ss N ow s Box 4JS3, San Anton 
J id. Tx 7(297 

! i N V r W T 6 6 V 
E E N T I E T 
B U Y E R M a n u fa c tu r e r af tom m a rtia l ovens o ffers opportunity fo r fu ll in v e n t o r y p u r c h a s in g f u n c t io n s 
I y r s e x p in m a nu factu ring production, shoot m e ta l a n d in v e n t o r y c o n tro l pretor rod Sa la ry com m ensurate with exper tanto a n d ability Call 
722 3271 tor appt 

Sharpe P e rso n n e l Se rvice 
” 
*122 So ve re ign D r lu d o 14o. I S 171349 JS41 

TEACHERS! 

2o7 Jackson K eller 
(2(1292 

6o2 SALLS 

T w s r m i f t k A i » A v m 
* K tor g p rofe ssio n al lob well done 
Sell tine hom os in San Antonio, full o r p a r t - t im e - no e x p e r ie n c e needed lf yea have a year of cot 

FARM AND RANCH SALES 
Call J M. C um llinon. Realtor 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 
H 4 jU t 
| 

PUU CHARGE 
MANAGER 
Ladies Specialty Shop 
N orth side lo catio n R e ta il so los experience with M is s y custom ers important A pply only if you hove p r o v e n s a l e s a b ilit y . ! 
Advancem ent opportunity, trine* benefits, s a la r y + b o n u s in t e r ­ v ie w w ith r e s u m e 
C o ll M is s foetor 924 see I 

F ii L L 
1 1 M C t E L E P H O N fe 
S A L E S O P E R A T O R , p o s s ib le m a n a g e m e n t p o s it io n 
C o li 
924 3294 or apply at 1724 SW M ill tory Dr 

 f XTl T 
TTm I 
V # le 6 h 6 'T 4 1 
S A L E S O P E E A T O R , p o s s ib le m a n a g e m e n t p o s it io n 
C a ll 
924 32o9 or opply at 173o SW M ill tory Or f u l T A N O l * O F i t B U S IN E S S It you are in d u strio u s, can follow i n s t r u c t io n s , a n d d e s ir e independence, w o m a y n ovo tho exact part time b u sin e ss for you 
Send a sh o rt letter to E x p r e s s 
News. Box No 4S23. 79297 We W ill 
COH 
----------L E A i t A N D t A fe N ---------- 
We need an e xpe rie nce d leasing agent or we will tram you in our leo etna dept A p plican ts m ust be fam iliar with apt in d u stry Inte r­ ested persons m utt subm it a lot tar of references and resu m e ond o lio novo a c u rre n t rea l estate salesm ans license E a m in e s are dependent on y o u r a b ility and hor J wark. W ill w ork in Austin 
Qualified p erson s send letters and re su m e s in c a r * of 
P e rso n n e l 
Deal, 1999 W 
A y *. Austin. TX 
79791. 

 i 6 1 A l A aL W A V b i i t r i i e u t t h start now, o p p o rtu n ity for fo o d earnings, you pick N it hpurs. we tram tor interview toll SSO SFI* 
M o n * " i i wife 'r u m , earn S999 a month pius up ta I I M fro* bonos 
: first month, p lu s f r o * c a r after hrs! year, call now, 341 I see. otk tor M r Louts. 
T T W M B N T iI l V 

Solos Representative tor b u sin e ss m a c h in e s P ro te c tiv e t e r r it o r y ofter training period 343 3134____ 

| SOFT DRINK | 
ROUTE SALES 
S a la r y p lu s c o m m is s io n , w ill t r a in 
C a m m o r c ia l li c c n s a re a m e d D is t r ib u t o r s w e lco m e, sm a ll in v e stm e n t C o n ta c t M r 
P a c h o o o r M r . J im o n c i a fte r 
3 39pm ot *739 Director D r______ 
U nique grow th opportunity with a 
S399.o99.999 c o m p o n y for t h o s* who Qualify, salary, and com m is- stgn (29-SSO i. 
! 
U S E D C A R S A L E S M A N 
CaN 
Jim C on ro d or M r. N o rris 
! 43S-I441 
W a n te d e x p e rie n c e d fu ll Im * vending route salesm an F o r into 
COH 341 U S I 
__________________ 
W E N E E D Y O U 
H ove tots of coils, clients. H om os, a pt lo c a t in g , c o m m e r c ia l E x ­ p an d in g office lust off 419 N E 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 111 2S3I 

White W eott A ssoc . a real estate firm in S o n A n to n io is se e k in g tour licensed adonis to loin thorn in profiting th * most profe ssio n al per son all le a service available lf you a r * a self starter, d esire ex c ed en t w o r k in g c o n d itio n s a nd w ant lo bo a bart of a d y n a m ic organ iiation . call tor an interview 
Bf ASS-7441. 

COLLECTOR 

Effective, personable col lector 
4o hrs per week, meter corp benefits Apply rn person to 
H .l. Turner 
Karotkins 
Furniture Co. 
9 8 o 3 B r o a d w a y equal opportunity employer 

A C C O U N T A N T in d iv id u a l P ro c titio n tr is se e k in g a c c o u n ta n t 
M u st have a d e gre e in a c c o u n t­ in g P re fe r C P A E x c e lle n t o p ­ portunity tor p a rtn e rsh ip R e ply to P O Box 444, Jourdanton, Tex- o t 7992*___________________________ 

Accounting Datapoini 
Supervisor 
M u st have so m e d a t a s h a r * and 
R P G o s wort a s a c c o u n t in g b a c k g ro u n d L a r g o lo c a l firm 
Se nd re su m e to E x p r e s s N o w s 
Box 7497, 71797___________________ 

N U R S IN G H O M E 
A D M I N I S T R A T O R 
Wontod tor lo rd * n u rsin g hom o in 
Abilene. Texas. E xce lle n t sa la ry and benefits E xp e rie n c e a m ust 
Send resum e to 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
B O X 4S49 
Son Antonio, Tx 7929 7 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year U p o n *n e * 

FULL TIME 
6 p.m.-2 a.m. 
APPLY IN PERSON 
9 a . m . - I p .m . 

FROST BANK 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
TOO W. Houston St. 

 tgual Opportunity Im p toy tv 

VENTURA MFG. CO. 

Has immediate openings for Welder Specialist, certified in aluminum and steel, by Art-Mig ond Tig process. Lays out, fabricates ond fits up components working from complex blue prints. Poid benefits, health and life insurance, holidays, vacation ond education assistant. 

2527 SW 36th St. 
434-4371 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

EXPERIENCED 
TRUCK & TRAILER DRIVER 

• Premium Overtim e Pay 
• Health, Accident, and Life Ins. 
• Paid Vacations 

APPLY IN PERSON 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN ROAD 

612 MfOICM 

TOU CAN MIME SSS 
Com e h i ond tot ut show you how to m ake in e xcess 11o9 per weak 
W e offer m ost c o m p re h e n siv e training, above average c o m m is­ sion. eslobi,tired com pany n am *, n a tio n w id e re lo ca tio n s e r v ic e 
F a r c a n f id a n t ia l o p p I. c a ll 
92o2)91 or 734-2231 
134 2)91 (A nyttm tl 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R ! Austin H w y Ole 

•YOUR OWN AGENCY* 
F o rm e rs Insu ran ce G roup offers com plete tra in in g g r o g r a m a nd alt typ os of in su ra n c e C on tin u o p roson t tab while sta rtin g y o u r own a g e n cy on part tim * b a s is 
T ra in in g and supplies fu rn ish ed 
F o r g confidential interview, con ­ ta c t 
S a le s 
M a n a g e r , 
J e r r y 
|*9*. o r o r# ta k in g (or p la n to starting incom e tor I executive ake) a Root Estate course, or o r * type sales p e rso n s to rep resent licensed, we d Irk# to talk to you large hie in su ra n c e com pony No 
. . . 
.......... ..... 
F o r m a l f r a m i n g s c h o o l 
♦ 
I m . e l , s o le s e x p e r ie n c e a n d SDA ' TECHNICAL en th * tab training W * sp e ciality ability d e sire d 
E st a b lish e d re- 
S w . w w S 5 a i in b u y e rs com ing in from out of Sidon! c a p a b le of a s s u m in g re town who m oke a decision in I J spensibtiitio* In requesting inter 

SECRETARY 

Type 6o WPM 

Shorthand a n d 
1o-key 

Call 
Doug Bornemann 
532-3275 

Bqual Opportunity 
Employer 

GENERAL OFFICE 
TELEPHONE 
Must buy* general knowledge oi bookkeeping, typing filing Should have good telephone personality ie handle customer relations. S day work week 
•-$, Monday friday lompony benefits, Sick 

Move, group xtsuronce, paid legal holidays and vocation 
Solary open tall for appointment 
225-7611 

A V ery Special Service 
New Day P erson n el Consults 
991 N E LOOP 419 S u d * H I 
B IL L IN G C L E R K 
19-key touch, math obility, lit* typo, northside 
12(9*13___________________________ 
Bookkeeper - G eneral Office 
Fee R e im b u rse d 
E C O N O - R E S O U R C E S 
499 IQ I) 
C A R E E R M I N D E D ’ 
Lo o kin g tor an e xcitin g fu tu re ’ 
Join us a s o counselor- wa offer complete trom ing in all p hase s pf the pnvote em ploym ent held Call 
121-4494 N e w D a y P e r s o n n e l 
Cone!!*. 941 N E L o o p 419. S u d * l i t Suite i t s _____________________ 
C L E R K T Y P I S T , R e ta il S t a r * needs intellige nt y o u n g w om on who is capable, industrious, p e r­ siste n t and a tt e r m in e d to sue- j coed M u st be tost typist Som e e xp e rie nce e sse n tia l S c a n n in g salary SHO G ro w with firm Send re su m e to E x p r e s s - N e w s P O 
B O X 4534. 71297 

 mmmmmmmm 

I 
RN’s 
* 

• 
3-11 Shift 
• 

J 
Part time 
^ 

• 734-7271 J 

 mmmmmmmm 

NEED RELIEF 
IVN 
2 DAYS 
7-3 SHIFT 
Grayson Square 
226-8181 

C O L L E C T IO N S C L E R K ond gen erat otfic* A pply in person 425 N 
° \* ,of C ecal.u 
E X P C R E D I T A C O L L E C T IO N 
C L E R K tor p e rs o n a l loan com - pony 22o 5371 

UNS 
AND 
LVNS 
★ 11-7 shift 

A p p ly of 

CARRIAGE SQUARE 
NURSING HOME 
• o 2 o Blo ne o Rd. 
344-4553 

FuH charge bookkeeper. National 
C P A f ir m d o w n to w n , g o o d benefit* s o la r y c o m m e n su ra te with ability 
M r s 
Criswoil, 
773 IQM 
G eneral office, 19-fcov by touch, al least I y r e x p e rie n c e C on tact 
M ISS P o lla rd * 331 3341 
N E A T A p r o s siv * p arson w illm * to deliver and w ork rn p harm acy 
1939 S Alam o. 223 95o1 
Need excellent receptionist typist o nd d ic ta p h o n e 
N ic « w o rk in g con d itio n s. S544 lo sta rt M u st typo at toast 79wpm C an K a ro n 
*99 J*2)_ 

M e d ic a l Re ce p tion ist for N o rth side F a m ily Practice Office, m ust hove secretarial and bookkeepina e xpe rie nce , good pay. se n d r e ­ su m e a n d sa la ry h isto ry to E x p ress N ew s Box 7*99. 7(397 
M E D IC A L S E C R E T A R Y tor solo in te rn is t in O a k H ills M o p ie s t 
Budding, m ust be experienced hi m edical term inology, typ in g and bookkeeping. M o nd ay- F rid a y , I om-1 pm. colory open. references require^ OO* 
N eed now. n u r s e s * aides, m u st be certified, top Poy, h u rry, call 
[ROSIO 7)2-2191. 3191 West A vo 
JOOS North inc, Ptocem t ( , . < ■ 

Sto p N O o A c c o u n t s P u y o b i * 
Departm ent h a s a full tim * p osi­ tion available M u st typo 19 wpm and operate 14 key bv touch Coll 
Turn Peter von pl 344 4S3»________ 

TELEPHONE ORDER CLERK 
Full ond part tim # Coll 929-41o9 between l orn 17 e p o n y m 

P o s it io n a v a ila b le f o r A S C P 
R e gistere d m edical technologist 
E xp e rie n c e n e c e ssa ry rn H e m a ­ t o lo g y a n d a u t o m a t e d i n ­ strum ents Sa la ry com m ensurate w ith e x p e rie n c e . C o n fa c t M r s 
H arbor, o99-9141 tor confidential interview. 

 d a y s 
D a n I bo a fra id ta cat! m anager new 
IN T E R S T A T E (34 4711 til I p m . 

AVON 
To to y or soil 
COH 22* 9941 
B ilin g u a l t r a v e lin g s a le s m a n 

 view p leas* include brief person al history All rep lie s confidential 
M u tu al of N e w Y o r k 4444 P a rk 
Tan Blvd Su it* 149 E a st San An- ix 7(313 
Nationally know n com pany netTn i .preventatives tor sales and se r­ vice pf sm all a p p lia n c e s in Sa n 
Antonia and su rra u n d in a areas, 
♦ c o m m iss io n L o a d in g p ossib ility tar a d v a n c e m e n t ox record com p ony A pply in p e rson l»oo 
F re d e ric k sb u rg 
R d tom lp m 

B U D IN E i r r o r m t w e ? m a n - 
P ie v io u s printing, accounting ana office experience, selling all types 
Bl b u s in e s s F o r m s S n a p O u t 
C om puter, So le sb o u k s R e g iste r f o r m s 
P e g B o a rd a nd relate d items le n d complete le su m e as 
* * have two openings in So n An 
Io n ia M a r k e t n ow 
L e a r n i n g salary p lus com m ission, P O Box 
I JOW San Antonio, tx 7*21J 
C E i E B R I T Y~Jt 'iV E T T fy ------ 
3411(21 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Solos People a r * am ong lh * h igh est paid in th* world 
I Im m ediate openings 
I We will train 
3. M U S I h a y * tar 
4 We w ork leads appt b a sis 
P a r p erson al interview 
C a ll 732 21o5 ic e lle n t 
E x c e lle n t in c om e a v a ila b le far sp a re t im * w o rk 
C a ll 337 *49 4 attar lp m . 

 in int n eel ss H IW s 
C A U 111 14o6 

 cedent 
In t e r v ie w in g M o n d a y , 
Tuesday and W gd n e sd d v O N L Y from 9 am I pm . al 924 Brooklyn 
Ave 
H k f b t b t a le s p e rso n for na tienally know n h o n d b a a and ac coe sot tov com p an y P ay (W offord 
O rig in a ls the C a n bo sold thru party pion C h a o s* awn h rs E a rn up to 119* weekly Contact 
B or i b a ra C annon, l l * * E v o m n ie id * 
Or NW. Cleveland, Tonn 371-11 ar Colt 411 473 1*99 
N * * d I lic e n s e d B a a l E l i o t , agents in our so uh woe attic* earn between 113,999 to l l ! *99 a your 
B uying ond sotting R e al E lio t * on a slat* wide b a sis N o e sp an en co necessary will tram S IB 1197 
JACK 
MITCHELL 
ERA 
Need I sh a rp c lo se rs In H a m s k a le s e x p e r ie n c e p r e f e r r e d 
A u dio v isu a l p re se n ta tio n does lh * selling, yo u d o lh * c lo sin g 
A p p o in t m e n t s s e t b y o ffic e 
1)99-1199 a w eek rea listic earn- rngs 149 (o21 tor appointm ent 
Forty plan sales Quality I * weiry, m om ! opportunity. 
(2( 1(1* wdl train. 

Hit N u w iiik t o C A U ll 371 IO O * 
11 eel SS ANO Nf W I 

W ant local c o h o g * student book 
M o p e r, port tim#, ne sm o km a, good g a y , F I S H E R ! . 1(19 N E 
1 o *^41 o. w a n t lo c a l C o lle g e S t u d e n t 
C le rk Typist, b o o k k e e p in g g ip . helpful N o sm o k in g, good pay. 
A d A g e n c y n e e d s s e c r e t a r y m edia buyer, re sp on sib le , alert rg o n u e d a c c u ra te ty p m g a nd s ’ m m ' n B L o J T 419 shorthand, s a la r y b a s a d an ex 
F , 5 M 6 '* *> ,4i® N C f - *** penence 
F o r interview coll 
... 
233 9471 
_________________________ 
Expartancod L e ga l Se cre ta ry tor norfhstd* office lo o m lp m I d ays week (211241 (na agen cies 

 b H - iID IC A ! 

 e i£ 2 i£ L 
C L I N I C A L L A B 
A la m o G e n e r a l H o s p it a l n e e d s t r a in e d t e c h n ic ia n tor h o s p it a l la b o ra to ry G o a d p a y N ic e w o rk m y re n d itio n s C o ll A d m in is t ra t o r tor a p p o in tm e n t 736 2 2 1 1 ____ 

L A B T E C H X R A V F E R S O N 
E x p e rie n c e h e lp fu l but not n e c e s sa ry , contact C o m fo rt C o m m u n ity 
H o s p ita l in C o m f o r t t e x a s , c a ll 
_______ 
L U N 
7 3: t i 7 
F u ll t im e fo r n u r s in g hom e Retie! o n H u rts t ic S S I) 

IVN NEEDED 
All Shifts 
I II, l l 7 7 3 ’A p p ly rn p e rso n s i 
B e n e d ic t H o sp ita l a n d 
N u r s in g H o m e 
S o u th A la m o a l 
J o h n so n 
373 o1 7 1 
E a u a l O p p u r 

J A C K O F A L L T R A D E 
-------------------------- 
' j im p tvptna real estate I u i r l 'ly N Br Medicol Assisi lur North 
^ r HI* typth* real astert* I girt 
4|d# F o m lly p r o t |lt# o ffice , 

 im m e d ia te o g g n in g to r e x p e r ­ ienced Secretary • v e ry (n e u ra l*. type 6 * 7 Ow pm, detail w a rk, need geed references, stability Sa la ry o p e n 
W illin g ta w a r k . w e ll groom ed on ergafic, m ea p a rso n ality H ours ( JP S Com ae I Jann 
W ashington al T A A C U N C F 114 
W Com m erce. M o m P la ta B ldg 
Su d * t il. 
San 
A ntonia 
71791 
224 1*74 

 im m e d ia te o p e n in g to r e x p e r ­ ienced secretary, start (1o9. type 
4* wpm, som e b ookkee p in g m ust ba bondable G re a te r io n Aniente 
Veuth Sym p hony O rc h e stra s Call tor appointment, 
224-o*7* or 
M 
E 

R N Needed for F r iv o l* Su m m e r 
C am p on L B J L ake 1)99 per week plus roam ond board. Call collect i m m ____________ 
R M S N E E D E D le g C H A R G E 
N u r s t r i n d d r s 22 4-43 33 
R N to w e rk relief, all sh ifts in sm all hospital 19 M iles from San 
Antonia It interested p le a s* call 
A dm i rjh » im , lo i Collect 1-334 3417 
S a n A n to n io H t a lf n S e r v i c e s 
Place m en ts, inc , (4 N E . L o o p 
419, Sutta IH E , 349-4313. 

W anted 
L A B O R A T O R Y T E C H 
N IC I A N tor p h y sic ia n s o ro u p rn 
Uvalde, Te xas Ne weekends, N a n ig h t s R e fe re n c e s a nd a sp e r - icnce required Coll 224-1274, A sk tor E xt 311 tor tntormotion 
W onted progre ssive temoie L Y N or R N I# w erk near G uff C oast w itn o th e r p e r s o n n e l a n d re soctpliiation p ro gra m tor yo u ng adult girl Geed salary Send p e r­ so n a l b a c k g r o u n d to E x p r e s s 

 h U . f f m f.'lKAIIiS 

A ir conditioning se rvice m a n e x­ perienced hi chill w aler and com m e rciai system s Sa la ry eon, pd v a c a t io n s , h o l id a y s a n d incentives bonuses 34) u s / 

The 
Army 

RESERVE 

 has an opening 

 for YOU 

COMPLETE 

TRAINING 

 for Prior and 

NonPrior Service 

Men 

Ages: 18-35 

• Carpenters and 
★Biders 

• Bulldozer Operator 

• Rough Terrain Fork­ lift Operator 

• Surveyor 

• Mechanics 

• Mony More 

CALL 433-9372, OR 
MAIL COUPON TODAY 

TO: SPC JOE GUAJARDO 
SOO Colloijhon load tan Antonio, Ti. 78221 

Hi.: 433 9372 

Nam*......................... 

Address 
............. 

City........................... 

H it* 
Zia............ 

Date at Birth 

Noma and Address 

C o m p u te r P r o g r a m m e r 
C O B O L exp p u t o f f 
S e rv ic e techn ician tor b u s in e ss m a c h in e s - e le c tro n ic a n d m e ­ chanical 342 31)4 

 office, wit) train S a la ry open 
B O B D e P A O L O 
“ U S L ! ________________ B JI A CT O R 
L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y w h a can fake 'b a r g e af b u sin e ss litigation practice and degi effectively with c lie n ts G e e d s k il ls r e a u ir e d 
S a la ry c o m m e n s u r a t e w ith i i penence gad ability i i i 3194 
I Open! G eneral office reception 
•at secretory, cle rical ca re e r , call 
John t it t m , 2191 W e sl A ve 
Jabs North, Inc, P lo ce m t Sec 

 p r e v io u s e x p e r ie n c e d e s ire d , se n d re s u m e , r e f e r e n c e s a n d sa lary h isto ry lo E s o r e s t N ew s 
Bax 7499, 79297 
________________ 

LYN RELIEF 
I I and H I *14 ( I M ______ 
M E D IC A L d e n t a l 
Se * Sunday s ad m any tabs. 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak H ills M a d B ld g 4*9 9*19 
M edical O e n la l i m p S e w 

APPLICATORS 
E xp e rie n ce d in rooting or p aint­ ing, m ust h a y * geed truck, piece w o rk, $199 a w e ek e a s y , C a ll 
349 4929, a sk tor H ow ard _____ _ 

BACKHOE OPERATOR 
E xpe rie nce d hi in s t a lli n g sa w e rs 
*23-7117 
__________ 
B A R B E R T R A I N E E : s a l a r y white training A pply The Hunter 
1991 N E LOOP *14 *71 I I M 

B e a u t i c i a n , (u h tim # with tot- 
C a lla g h a n 
R d 
Solon, 

BtAUTY oPERATQ8S 
Experience, fu ll tim # ond p a rt fun# 
K E L L E Y S, 
M a c A rth u r 
PIojq 
* » ( K l , 924 9131 
* ® o v M A N I y r s exp to do cor body werk 4)3 9241 4)3 1241 

 in -sin u s -TRAUB 
SH BIUS TUBB 

RAY ELLISON HOMES, INC. 
NEEDS SUB-CONTRACTORS 
Framers, brick and storte mo torn, landscapers 
(gradmg) and foundation/ slab work. 

Must Have experience and willing to work in San An­ tonio area (Bexar County). 

Also must be willing to furnish own worksman com­ pensation and general liability insurance. 

Contact: Wayne Effenberger 
512— 349-1111 EXT 328 
8 A.M. - 5 P.M. Monday thru Friday 

♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ 

♦♦ 

(IS M OWNS SERVICES 
616 HMD PHIIK SERVICES 
Handy Andy 

Food Service & M a n a g e m e n t O iv. is accepting applications for: 
CAFETERIA FOOD SERVICE 
MANAGERS & ASST. MANAGERS 
Related college background or food service ex­ perience preferred. Must be able to relocate. 
Excellent starting pay and benefits. apply in person H andy A n d y Inc. 
3 o o o I . Houston, M o n.-Fri. 8 a m -5 p m 
We Are An Eg oat Opportunity Employer 
Mole / Female 

62o 
Help 
Mtscettareous 

DRAPERY 
INSTALLER 

Must be experienced. Plenty of work. 
Apply In Person 

O'KRENT FABRICS, IN C. 
3o 6 San Pedro 
(upstairs) 

■■ SUPERVISOR 
Heavy 
Equipment 
Maintenance 

 tip *danced In 

D iesel, Pneumatic 
A Hydraulic 

Salary negotiable 

341-3331 9-5 
Frank 

V i p 

EXPERIENCED WILDERS 

5 yrs. exp. welding and burning in all positions. 
Work 4 p.m. to 
12:3o am. shift. 
Pass physical exam. 
Must be depen­ dable. 
Good pay. 
Full benefits 
Apply in person 
Texas Em ploym ent 
Commission 
4 o o S. M ain 
135 South Parte M all 
1o1 5 Jackson K elle r 

62o HEEP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o KELP WANTED 

EARN EXTRA CASH 
For delivery of the morning 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 
ARIAS: 
SOUTHSIDE SEARS and 
BELAIRE ADDITION 
Earn between $ 2 o o and $ 3 o o 
Work 2-3 hours per day. 
CALL 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Ext. 1 2 6 between 9 :o o A .M .-5:o o P.M. 

After 6 :o o P.M. Call 
LOUIS GARCIA, 9 2 7 -2 8 2 6 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Wanted 62o Rem Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 9 1977 
H 
Page I I F 

APARTMENT 
HOUSE 
CARRIERS 

ARIAS: 

• Even Rd. and Wuriboch 

• Vonte Jackson and 41o 

W ork 3 tOO A .M . to 
6 :o o A .M . 

$2oo TO $3oo par ma. 

 ar occorAag ta route size. 

Call 1o:oo o-m. ta 2:oo p.m. 

225-7411,1*1.112 

 or 6:oo p.ai. ta 1:oo p.m. 

673-1467 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

ASSISTANT 

APT,. MANAGER 

 fouplr 
Ho (hiM ffn oi 

 p f!: (Irorunq onrf minot 

:mmn!enon<r required 
(’. t rent lie r pilu: \moh 

.fliu'r ♦ or appointment 

7 3 2 - 2 1 9 6 , 

8 2 6 - 8 4 9 1 

DOMESTIC 

 equal od unity employer for by employer 

I 
DIRECTOR OF 
MAINTENANCE bcellent opportunity with tx fonding organization Outlet in dude direction of the complete maintenance of o diesel fleet and 
Support vehicles ond the pro­ curement function 8 yr*, exp in 
Reovy duty equip, momtenonce orth o minimum of 4 yrv in on in- a 
I if 4 I creosmgiy responsible supervisory position it required 
Send resume ta 
J .6 . Gibson 
P O Box 1 9 4 3 
Austin Tx 7 8 7 6 7 aquo) opportunity employer M/f 

-ATERMITE CONTROL* 
Service men, must be 
•Xperienced 
* PEST CONTROL 
L Serviceman experience helpful, but not nee assary. 

GETZ EXTERMINATOR 
I Wast 
4pnly122» 
Rhapsody 
Ho phona calfs 

■ M IF 

 h . 
5 

 v l r 
^ 
* 

Busy 
S alon needs 
HA IR 
DRESSER to toke over clientele m medioteiy m i i i h 

ALARM OPERATIONS 
Alarm service ond mstoHotion personnel, must be expenenced in both burglof ond fire systems. 

(nil for appointment, 824-o564. between 8 am ond 5 pm, Monday- fridoy. 

Benefits Include: 
• U niform 
• U fo Insurance 
• H ealth Insurance 
• Paid V acation 

NIGHT WATCHMAN local company needs a night watch­ man 
5pm to midnight. 
Retired policeman or 
MP preferred. 
No moonlighters. Top fringe benefits. 
Steady job. 
Call Richard Clark 

2 2 4 - 4 6 5 1 equal opportunity employer 

CARRIERS WANTED 
BICYCLE ROUTES 
MOTOR ROUTES 
$5o to $16o per month 
MOUTHS!DE ARM ROUNDED RT 
HI-WAY 41o - N VANDIVER - 
EISENHAUER - OATWEU - TUX­ 
EDO - RASSI ROAD • end 
•UNCO ROAD. 
Coll now • (on earn extra cosh • 
Plus paces • movie posses - Taps • 
Tickets to local events, etc. 
FOR FURTHER 
INFORMATION CAIL: 
225-7411 ext. 128 between 1ooo a m and 4-oo p.m. 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
J ASSISTANT J 
I MANAGER g 

^ With knowledge of t 

^ bookkeeping-typing. ^ 

♦ 3 3 7-4 241 ♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
A 

TOP SALARY I anemones, own cor ana references, housekeeping ond ctitldcore 735-4IM or 341 8214 
W oman to live in. take care of in v a lid lady six dovs a week, speak E nails lr, room and board 
PI-JS 57o8 a month, 534 8846 
624 SITUATIONS WAMTLO 

BO O KKEEPING M achine. Ten key. Mature Caf! H l-ltW 
C are to r e ld e rly ladv neor St 
Leo's 
Church. 
H H t l f , 
Ana. 
Anglo 
Childcare in my home. Dovs ond m ast* 144-24o:. 
EDUCATION Motor wonts Reels te rra Childcare at nome 344-3678. 
EXPERIENCED voune Ladv de sires perm anent wark as recap tlo n is t. P re fe rs D r .’ s a ttic e . 
Northstde. Con type 73:-1 AM. 

Absenteeism charged by council foes 

EXP. Womon wit! core tor sick or etderty No live-in. Ret. 332-4674 
Infant Care in my home. H a rry 
Wurzbach- Rirtimon area m otet in fa n t ch ild care In my home. 
Colonies North area. 341-1 m 
Lie. Childcare. Austin Hwy and 
H arry 
Wurzbach vicinity. 
W £ 2 Iil 
M an seeking Janito rial or yard work. COR 455-4998 

COUNTER MAN with knowledge of plum b ing su p p lie s C e n tra l 
Plumbing Supply. 7)4-77oo 
6 § L lV E R Y 4o hour week, *1 3o an hr, fa m ilia r w ith Southside, m u tt have own tra n s p o rta tio n and lia b ility in su ra n ce Please call 924-32oo ar apply at 172o SW 
M ilitary Dr 
D R IVER to c a rry 1,ooo sm o ll p op ers fro m San A n to n io to 
: Uvaide S a bm o l - L e a k e y a re a jLeave o fte r m id n ig h t, a r riv e around to m EACH HUR SD A V 
Call SI3-232-S3o3 or w rite Box 729 
Leakey 78873 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

• • • • • R 
R 
R 

: 

IMMEDIATE 
EMPLOYMENT 
FOR 
• Riga and Structural 
FITTERS 
• Fir# and Structural 
WELDERS 
• 
Excellent pay and Company A 
Qaid h# rn* Ti tv Anniv nt 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
I LOCAL LA N D SURVEYOR has i need of fem ale to d ra ft survey plats and do lig h t s e c re ta ria l 
I w o rk, fu ll tim e 
C o n ta c t B ill 
McClotchy at 824-3778___________ 
Locksm ith m inim um of 4 yrs In the trade, be proficient in skills of trade, hove com m ercial license, be bondable, salary w ill depend on experience. Apply In person 
N ortheast In depen dent School 
D is!, p e rs o n n e l o ffic e . 1 o )3 ) 
Broadway 8-S Mon-Prl. 
M A N A G in r o r F S E f E r e i i 
I OPERATOR to r p rin t shop E x ­ cellent in centive pay p ro g ra m , vacation, h o s p ita liz a tio n , paid h olida ys, d is a b ility co ve ra g e . 
Mgrnt a b ility ond s m a ll o ffse t press esp reg'd. Jiffy Press 224 
E Rhapsody 
M A N IC U R IS T good b e n e fits. 
Maurice's H air fashions 824-3245 
MECHANIC wanted, all phases 
Excellent pay. San Pedro Service 
Center 341-1771 

MUD Lo66ER 

Cabane I m aker needed immedio tely, J yrs exp or more. Call 8 to 5 
♦-<on-Fn 481-o2o2 _____________ 
C ARPENTER S H E LP E R need cd. m ust have experience, hand toels and own transp Call eves w j m _____________ 
CARPENTER WANTED 
484-74oo 
Carpet and tile layers 
453-9334___________ 
Combination Auto A ir Conditioner 
In s ta lle r and Stereo R adio In ­ s ta lle r 
Top p a y. in s u ra n c e available 
Call 
M r 
Newhall 
73GS3I7 
734-33 
Coypu pus Christi area. experienced service station pump repair and m sdller m echanic. Salary open, 
(o14collect 
512-884-2*19 attar 5 c a ssia 44) 7oo3. 
C # A n e OPE ATO R . sign c re e l 

 m otifs 
'"L U S 

11o ti hydraulic. 4o hours, all 
227-34$) 
UST OM VAN PAINTER 
H o usto n V an C o n v e rs io n Co n e w s custom painter M ust be e x p e rie n c e d and c a p a b le of 
Quality w ork. Anaheim R ecrea­ tio n industry 414 W 23RO, HOOS to m T . 713 848 4147_____________ 
R i e s e l t r u c k d r iv e r s n e stle d 
E x p e rie n c e d w ith 
13-apeod transmission preferred 

 paid benefits Apply at 
R E FR IG ER A TIO N 
E N G IN E E R IN G 
C O R P O R A T IO N 
8799 Gownhill 
San Antonio, loxes 

R O O FING i 

SUBCONTRACTORS 

Lots of steady work ( 

 year-round. 

Call 732-5578 
1 

 between I-6 p.m. 
1 

Must be experienced for work in 
South Texas 433-2555 

Need In Cutting Dept 
Exp. Shin and Pants 
Markers 
5 doy- 4o hr week, good salary, oil b e n e fits, tre e p a rk in g 
A p p ly 
Einesilver Mfg Co. 
814 Comoron St 
Need person experienced in die- set and oas engine assembly and repair and all around shop work. 
223-29o4 
Need several people to w ork in the m ill Any wood w o rkin g ex­ perience w ill be helpful George C 
Vaughon and Sons, 453-4411. 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

WAITH POISONS 
HOSTESS AND BARTENDER 
You must be qualified to give pro fesuond service You can really make good money her el 
Apply only to Keith loehrrw. Larry 
Mortin of Mr Spencer between the hours of 3 JO ond SBO p m 
618o Wurzbach at (van Rd. 
684-8451 

DRUG CIERX 

 t m m 
^ 
COLLECTOR 

Must know C ity fo r Top Salary 

Call or come to 
PLAZA 
FURNITURE 
2 2 3 W . Com m erce 

NEED PHONE 
SOLICITORS 
S HOURS PER DAY 
2 TO J PJB. 
HOURLY WAGE 
CHXX) EUSON AUTY A MUST 
CAU MS. MADDOCK 
IO to 6 WEEKDAYS 
3 4 1 -7 9 2 5 
•qual opportunity employer 

Medico! S itte r: convalescent, al- deny, companion. 734-4949 
N E E D p io ym a ta tor son. WHI babysit. 2 yrs or oldar. Olmos I 
Pork Arad. 824-8731___________ 
Nursing tho tick-a ld a rly, horn#. hosp or nursing home 92 * 47 88 
P ort Time BOOKKEEPING In my home 734 2798 ofter 5 
R E G ISTE RE D CHILDCARE In m y hom e, close to USAA and 
Medical complex, 444-4771 
Will care tor sick or handicapped. I lite housekeeping and c o o k in g ,1 
51oo a weak, 5 days. Com aves 
I 
Womon wonts lob. Hve-tn. on bus m o. 224o393 Of 22*4244 

The only two incum­ bent city councilmen running against each other in the April 2 city election were each go­ ing for the o th e r’s jugular Friday. 
Reacting to a charge by Ford Nielsen of ex­ cessive absenteeism on his part. Phil Pyndus checked the record and claim ed Nielsen, in­ stead of leveling the charge, should be de­ fending against it. 
The record, signed by 
City 
C lerk 
Garland 
Jackson, reflects that 
Pyndus has attended 
12o of 127 City Council meetings between May 
I. 1975, and March 17, 

1977. 
But the record shows 
Nielsen attended only 
114 during the same period 
Transportation 

Nielsen, meanwhile, accused Pyndus of sup­ porting a h ill which would put the opera­ tional responsibility for public highways, streets and airports into the hands of the federal government. 
The accusation was made in a speech at a 
Friday luncheon. 
Nielsen said the bill would have taken con­ trol of San Antonio's transportation systems 

Port time or lull time. attractive young ladies for etcort and tour service International Escort and 
Tour Aggncv 1ooo2 McCullough 
341-o525 

Millard Fillmore. 
G i a jn i ii a r S c h o o l 

& C iTille 

Must be healthy Apply otter 4pm on Mon., Wed or Prt. only 

- DRIVER OPERATOR 
M inim um J years diesel exper- lerfte I years household moving n e m ig r y 48-state ope ratio n 
M M t kn o w 
DOT ru le s ond r'A blations References required a n * checked Must be bondable 
Coft Otter 4PM 448 3oo4 ________ 
D lF V w A LL H angers, finishers, lobgrers ana insulators. Top pay 
2 years of work Houston. Texas. 
C oil days 
(3o5)792-921o even 
■ngs. (7)3)493 9252__________ 
E L E C T R IC IA N - R o b e rt Ross 
Electric Company has an opening tor on electrician with experience in w iring custom homes, compony benefits include insurance, sick 
(•avg. vacation and profit sharing plow 349-77o3_____________ _ 
E xp anding tra n s fo rm e r repair shop is ta k in g ap p lica tio n s for welder Licensed w elders need not apply Salary w ill depend on experience A ll frin g e benefits 
Apply Alomo Transform er Supply 
C o n g ii Space Center Dr_______ 
Experienced Chrom ic person lo work in established shop Please bring samples of your work 71o9 
Jackson Keller, 349 7383. osk tor 
ISS!__________________— o rie n te d T ire Changer, ce­ nt pay, ben efits Apply in 
1329 Culebra 
______ 

BODY SHOP 
MANAGER 
★ SAURY OPEN * 
(lased Ow ixperiewce) 
★ FRINGE BENEFITS * 
Contect Otgrbe Dickie 
BIG COUNTRY 
FORD SALES 
ROHN! 277-o161 

SURVEY PERSONNEL 

• PARTY CHIEF 
• INSTRUMENT MEN 
• RODMEN 
• PIPE LINE SURVEY/ 
CONTROL SURVEY 

I revel expenses 

 call 828-664o 

NEED SEWING 
MACHINE OPERATORS 
On pants, shirts, and blue irons lf not e xp e rie n ce d we w ill teach you Good s a la ry, a ll ben efits, free p a rkin g . A pply F ln e s llv e r 
Mfg. Co 8)4 Camaron St 
O P E R A T64 for sm all blade or ru b b e r tir e fro n t end lo a d e r needed Apply between 7 3o am and 5 OO pm at High Country, in tersection of Echo Way and Tim barway to M r M u rry. Some ex 
Pe Hence in vordw ork necessary 
P o s to n open fo r exp e rie n ce d hair dresser 474-1941 
---------------F K e isU A k --------------- 
Exp on AB D ick 34o. a p p ly In person Jet Press. 574o w urzbach 
Radio installer,’ at least I yr exp , prefer second class or close to It. 
Contact John Young. Conrad Ser­ vice 
Center. 
243o 
Culebra 
- 
434-4311. 
R"E"FRi t E P"A 1 1 6 N A lii Cond. b o n in g 
R e p a ir 
S e rv ic e 
8om 4 3opm top p o s itio n 
Koelw hit A ir C o nd itio n in g 3SIo 
Copeland. 222-o384 
R estaurant E q u ip m e n t re p a ir, experienced in electrical and gas restaurant equipment, must have own hand tools ond able to make service calls, 342-o2) I 
SE R V ie E S T AT ION needs e7 

PARY TI M i 
JACK IN THE BOX 
Fam ily Restaurants 
Abound with opportunities for thorp individual: seeking port time positions Flexible hours, good starting pay performance rones Compony paid benefits include hospitalization ond vocations. Great youth poten hoi 
Apply In Person 4-4 pm at 1o32 Pot Booker Bd 
Universal city 
No Phono Colts: Pieo»o level Opportunity employer 

EVENINGS 
PART T IM E 
EARN E X TR A 
At Quick Pick, at 2217 Son Pedro, stoking and c a s h ie rin g , wo n from, apply in person___________ fexp counter help, N .f.T oe otlon 
Morgan Cleaners - 923-4o1)_____ 
Experienced M arketing research interviewer. To be trained as our supervisor in San Antonio S3 5o 
I per hour plus employee benefits 
'C o ntinuing re s e a rc h p re le c ts 
I Express-News BOX 4552 San An- 
1 ton lo, Tx 78297 
{E x p e rie n ce d M a rk e tin g Ro- j search Interviewers 53 per hour plus m erit raises Continuing re­ s e a rc h studies 
E xp re ss News 
BOX 4552 San Antonio. Tx 78797 
Exper eared nursery mon, excel lent benefits, apply in person at 
Fedmort, Loop 41o and Vance 
Jackson 
E x p e rie n c e d gas a tte n d a n t 

PARTTIME or city tru ck 
Person to r city tru ck d e liv e ry , hours 8 AM to Noon, oft Saturday and Sunday 249 W La Chappell* 

PARTTIME 
S everal sales cle rk sched ules open Some re ta il and re g is te r experience preferable Polygraph exam re q u ire d M ilita r y w e l­ come Apply Don’s 8 Ben's 4oo3 
West Ave at Loop 41o. osk fo r 
Wayne Wyatt 

PARTTIME 
WEEKENDS 
EARN EXTRA 
S to ckin g and w a itin g on c u s ­ tomers at Stanley's Ice 1231 S 
Hackberry St Apply in person flfiT O T R 'A fc T T lM E INCOME 
Person needed to te st m oney moking pain Send short letter or resume to 
E xpress News Box 
No 4524, 78297 We w ill reply 
PHONE SOLICITING Full t.rfTT 
H o urly plus co m m issio n 
C a ll 
349 o329, Ask tor Ann excellent benefits, apply in person 
PIC K ANO SH O V E L L A B O R . 

 out of city and county control 
Drainage 

The tim e is rig h t. 
Nielsen said, for San 
Antonio to solve its streets and drainage problems. 

Nielsen also said although District 8 is one of the fastest grow­ ing areas of the city, it doesn't have bus ser­ vice adequate to ac­ commodate that growth He pledged lie will work with the tran­ sit system to see bus service is extended into areas of the district not presently served. 

B illa Hays 
O' h e ’ll push d ra in a g e 

City Councilman Bob 
Billa, running for re­ election in District 3, told a grouj) of High­ land H ills residents 
Friday he wants to con­ tinue working for pro­ posed drainage projects in his district. 

"Some drainage pro­ jects are still in the study and planning stages," B illa said, 
"and I feel with my two years' experience on council and rn position as a member of the 197o and 1974 bond com­ mittee for street and drainage improvement gives me the best qua­ lifications for getting these projects im ple­ mented." 

He specifically said he favored construction of the Pollydale Drive • 
D ollarhide 
Street drainage projects. 

 at Fedmort, Loop 4to and Vance 
Jackson 
Gibson Plumbing call ofter 4pm 
441-474) 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C osm ettcs-port tim e a v a ila b le 
Mature womon only Coll 344-1891 
Full and p a rt tim e dependable people with truck or von to work at canoe re n ta l on r iv e r 
1-885-4471 Located 2o m iles North of 281 on Guadalupe River 

DINNER COOKS 
E X P E R IE N C E D Top w ages. good hours and w o rkin g cond! lion* P erm anent lobs. Contact 
M aurice Ferron 
MY PULCE RESTAURANT 
344-6214 

EXPERIENCED FLAME 
FOOD WAITER 
Patio Room, Mengor Hotel 
FU LL TIME 

FULL OR PARTTIME 

575-15o PER W EEK 

CALL: 341 22o5 
T U T T 
TTO ! 
V SH'S M a R 
NEEO EO 
For 77 unit apt com ple x C oll between 8 ond 
5. 
342-o933 or 
341-4334 feNftTlN M K E E E fe rt— 
F u T t 
{TIM E, va rie d o u td o o r chores, equipment maintenance 341-33)1 
Ext 31 weekdays______ 

E M e n cedent 
°1 i5 “ 

* * ' * * * * ’ * 
* 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
* 

E xp e n e n ce d tire changer and 
Sneer 
On and oft cor only rjrie n c o d need apply at 335o 
E p ericktb urg Rd A rt's Atlas 
Ille r shop________________ __ 
E xp e rie n ce d gas or diesel me ethnics apply in person Mission ic Q 
Fuel 11o4 E Durango 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
HAIR 
D t iiS K R wonted Good working 
' lions 
Call 
484-3)24 or 

E xperienced C entral A ir Condi­ tioning man for reside ntial and opT tm ents Coll 532 7 379 
_ 
E xp erienced E le c tric ia n , refer- 
(■noes required Coll Mon. Tues. 
Frpond Sot 8am 5pm 455 3594 
E P C E R IE NC ED P L U M B E R S a d p e x p e rie n c e d p lu m b e r helpers Must have hand tools 217 
B ^ o w . 923-7517 ______________ 
‘Experienced Shampoo G irl 
OMier duties required. Thursday. 
F ntdav ond Saturday, good work- i«g conditions, newly redecorated 
SUPP, N o rth e rn H ills Shopping 
Confer, Casa Linda Hair Fashion, osk far Toe, *53 1 JOO, otter 4, atm ------------------------ 
Experienced H a irstylist wanted 
In te rn a tio n a l h a ir design. 2451 
Hgrcy Wurzbach 
828 3541______ 
I MPE U IE NC I D 
HE L IA RC 
WOLDER tor kitchen equipment 
•aprication, top salary and ben- 
•tpk, coll 722 8455_____________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
H E AV Y 
EQ UIPM EN T ANO WAUKESHA 
E N G IN E R E P A IR M A N , ca ll 
Jackie Brown at 824-7314 for ap­ pointment 
Equal 
Opportunity 
E M t f K f --------------------------------- -- te n o r meed m a intena nce men negated Own tools end truck, need agad re fe re n c e s 
S a la ry plus ooarsmen! eel soot, 9 4 pm-------- 
Eon. H ydraulic mechanic, must boon own tools Apply in person'] 
‘rotary according ie exp 43) isem 
R dTtuite 135 344-281o_______ _ 

EXP. SHEET VINYL 
I 
AND TILE INSTALLERS 
Mu XI have own tools and 

BEAUTICIAN 

Experienced 

Full time, 6o% com­ mission and or sal­ ary, paid vacation. 

534-7151 

 perionced d riv e w a y salesm an 
1o11o Son Pedro, 341-177) 
SHK'« P 5 f f ' 6 IA l a p p ly The 
Hunter 1oo2 NE Loop 41o 828-3158 

 si’Wg L'e ""n e e o l e o p e r A f 6 rs needed Experienced only CMT 
! Corp 
227 
Lone 
Stor 
Blvd 
I 724-5524 s u r v e y ' c h a in m a n --------- 
Experience desired, sm a ll con- sulting tim , call 828 5759 
The (Sly ot k irb y . Texas Is ac- cepting applications tor a public work supervisor Experienced in 
I stree t contr u t lio n and re p a ir 
Beginning salary $7oo a month 
A pply at K irb y C ity H a ll, 112 
Bauman St . San Antonio. TX 
I 782)9 
T fe ^ tO R 6 *> E R A t6 d i to train 
•or soil stabilization, good condi tions, vocations, bonuses Holland 
Soil S ta b ilize rs, 5149 Randolph 
Blvd 453-1787 

OR PART TIME 
H ELP W ANTED 
Apply in person 8:3o-11 am or 
2-5pm 
B ILL M ILL E R BAR BO 
135 S WW White Rd 

No e x p e rie n ce re q u ire d Oood pay. ideal far students 822 3252 or 
213-7)o3 
Ita lia n G a rd e n s-w a itre s s , 4 IO em, S days. 7747 S WW White Rd 
MR 
D U N C E R BAK S in N orth 
Star M a ll has p e rm a n e n t p a rt time evening openings which in ­ volve counter work. 
Apply in person_____________________________ 
N ig h t 
B a rte n d e r fe m a le preferred, part time cocktail war tre ss. O x ta il L ou nge a l S ta r­ kest-Loop 41o - apply in person t»ART TIM E BAR MAIO 

Steady Em ploym ent, $? Sn hour stort 533-888) 
HANDY M a n to heip in sipn shop. 
14o7 W Hildebrand 
___________ 
High school sfudenis, i4 years and older to sell flow ers at ISS commission, sate location, good o p p o rtu n ity fo r in d u s trio u s students 
Call 
Bobs 
Bo-kav. i 7)2-9848 

RELIEF DESK CLERK 
3-1) Sat Sun. experienced only 
Apply in person 
RAMAOA INN 
1131 Austin Hwy 
RiiUT'E DRIVER needed to ser vice flow er stands, 512o aurum teed or commission. 4 days. Coll 
499 o781________________________ 

SECURITY OFFICERS 
In te llig e n t, re s p o n s ib le in- dividuals required tor uniform ed apartment security Commission, experienced preferred. 
APARTMENT JOBS OF S A. 
8289194 
Employment Consultants 
T i LL T T O VV ER SOU T DOO 5 ~ 
P a rt Tim e, 3o S C o m m ission, paid doily Coll Roy 454 5334 
SnaVice disif ibutor s, lu ll or part tim *, v ita m in s and fo o d sup- i ptements. tho healthy way of lite 
I 344 82)1, 341-8744 
_________ s»o51*-*- Natural Vitomms. spare time sales business 4o4-454o t.OOO's of Jobs 
2oo Choices 
Quality now, earn ond learn 
OO ARMY 277 o813 Or 453 o892 
Station H tlp , experienced only. 
2142 E Southcross 532 9871 

Mrs. Franklin Hicks, right, presents certificates to winners Friday of the 52nd annual Battle of Flowers Assn. Oratorical Contest at the Institute of Texan 
Cultures. Sylvia Green won second place and $ 1 7 5 , while Brian Carpenter placed first and received $ 3 o o . Carpenter will be the honored guest speaker during the Battle of Flowers luncheon April 21 during Fiesta. 
Council cam paigners set visits to neighborhoods 

M ayoral candidate 
Jose San Martin will be guest of honor at a cocktail reception at 7 

 p rn. Saturday at 15o3 
Fulton Ave. 
Hostesses for the function arc Lupc Trejo 

 and Julie Ybarra. 
The doctor also will he guest of honor at a dance at 7 p.m. Monday 
Candidate still having headquarters troubles 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
19 TR AINEES 
New opening* fo r Son A ntonio resident* to work with our hydro tilter M utt be IS y r* or over with minimum t yr residence Full or port tim e a v a ila b le No e x p e r­ ience necessary 
CALL 342 5224 

733-o258 
•T C R 'f T i M l hteLfl'" 

JANITOR 
Warned to clean shop and office*. 
Apply doily betw een 8 3o J 3o 
Precision M fg Co. 454* S inclair 
Rd San Antonio, Tx 

DAY or EVE HOURS 
Apply in person only 
B ILL M ILLE R BAR BD 
West Ave ot Jackson Keller 
Equol opportunity employer 
Waitress Apply in person Hungry 
Form er Stoakhouso, 4535 Rigsby 

JOIN THE RIG6EST 
Jot) Opportunity in Town 

TYPIST 
SECRETARY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET PRINTERS 
Knowledge of Spanish Apply in 

STORE MANAGER 
For DuPont Auto Paint Store in ! 
H o usto n. T oxa s. E x p e rie n c e necessary Salary plus percen tape of net profit, oxcgllont work mg conditions M ail resum e to: . 
4ooo B A irlin e . H o usto n, Tex : 
77o22 or coll 713-443 7)14________ ; 
Students and teenagers wanted lo sell flo w e rs on s tre e t c o rn e rs otter school and weekends Ex cellent earnings and bonuses, no experience necessary w ill train 
441 3o59 tfU 'fftW fi needed lo s e ll flowers, l l Ti an hr or com m is- i sion Coll 499-o7o1 
TALENT for European o 4 6 lo u r 
Modern 
Jazz 
Dancers only 
453 oo73 
' f t C t R h 6 h r? o L T C iT g ftT - 
Split shift, 3o hour week, hourly wege. not sales w o rk, gppiy in person at 344 w Commerce 
Texaco T#« 

District 3 City Council candidate 
Helen 
Dunner is beginning In suspect somebody in city governm ent doesn’t like her. 
That suspicion eman­ ates from the close watch an inspector for the city’s Department of Building and Plan­ 

 ning is keeping on her cam paign head­ quarters 
So far in the cam ­ paign. the headquarters site has resulted in three notifications there had been a violation of the law at the site. 
The first notification asserted Mrs. Dutmer 
Rohde is hit on bank plan 

 w z r f f if c K 'i s o t R a v i 
KITC HEN HELP 
Apply m Person * r coll Hungry person i m W eit'Av'e 
Farm er 51)8 San Pedro 347 999o ' f t ATT RE i i needed T h o r*. F rl 
Sat Golden Stallion 441-4*51 
WA iT R F s i' NEE' D'E b AT NUT 

Wanted 2 Patrolm an-42 hrs-S4 hour, good driving record, dog handling exp required and willing to relocate to Houston. 349-1346 
9om-2pm__________________ 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Warehouse Delivery 
M ust be neat and cleon in ap ­ pearance local references. Apply in Person: 
O 'Krent Floor Covering 
3oo Son Pedro 
F u rn itu re re p a ir and touchup person 
P a rttim e 
E xp e rie n ce p re fe rre d 
No S m oking Good : 
POV 
FISHER 6. USO NE LOOP -------------- WAR I 'HOU SC--------------- 
General Warehouse w ork, filin g 
Good fu tu re w ith grow ing com- {Orders, receiving shipments, ans pony m odifying vohlclos tor hon worm# phones, one years exper- dicaped people 
Know ledge of 'enc* Apply at SNAP ON TOOLS electrical system s, welding and jCORP , SOU Business Park Dr body work necessary References Equol O pportunity Em ployer 

CRACKER CLUB 732) San Pedro opply 13 Mon F r i______________ 

WHATABURGER 

Needs pe rm a n e n t fu ll tim e men and women tor new Au* tin Hwy Restaurant Apply in p e rs o n 1517 A u s tin Hw y lo-4pm only. No phone calls please 

J L A O lii W E tb fc b , 3 hours do! ly, 5 day week, 575 Stanley Home 
Produt* Inc , 531-34oo 
UAM tor Apl 

 reqqirod.C oll 7)2 U U 
HAIRDRESSER salary 4 com mission 4oo3 McCullouph o22-5152 or o74-4123 eves____________ _ 
HAIR D R E S S E R w ith e x p e r­ ience. apply at 4521 Bandera Rd 
*o42351 
HAIRDRESSER, apply in person 
Plata 
Beauty 
Salon, 
722o 
Rroetewpgd. 

HAIRDRESSER, apply in person 
Plaza B eauty Salon, DO N o rth­ west Shopping Center 
H H K CTB I 
o " 'w o n te 'g~wTth seme follow ing 411-o4U, 715 3o12 

W H E E L aT T 6 n' i n 6 — 
2Tn 5 
B R A K E 
W O R K, 
E X P E R 
IENCEO 
Bear Wheel A lign ing 
U27 N Colorada ftlL iO N INTERNATIONAL 
84 NE LOOP 41o SUITE DOE 
S II 349 U lt 

616-FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
B A R M AID W anted 

 transpgrtalion 
C IN T I 
TEAL FLOOR COVERING 
981o Bail ST 
I S L i liL 

F ra m e rs , trim ca rp e n te rs, and clean up crew for home construction 459-o325. 

HOMECRAFT- U S HOME 

FR A M IN G C A R P E N T E R S and helpers, inquire in person ai 745o 
High S te p p e r, ta k e E ve rs Rd north, turn rig h t on Forost Pine, go 11 i blk* turn right 

Have opening tor a mature, neat oerson lo service intercom and antenna systems Must have good m e c h a n ic a l a n d e le c tric a l knowledge W ill tram Insurance, paid vacation 824-75o) 
F in is h T a ilo r, S v r* exp. o C 
Booker Toitor 1434 f Houston 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
FIRS T CLASS JO U R N EY M A N Janitorial and gross contractor in t LSC T R IC A N Needed P re ill need ot oauipm ont maintenance sharing 
734-22)9 
United 
Bldg and reggir m on Must bd witling lo 
Service* 

 f l o r a l D E S IG N E R to ll lim e position, experience necessary. 
The 
Arbor, 
North 
Star 
Moll 
3*9 3447 
PdrSgn cor garage mechanic 
Service stet ten mechanic 
8-3. excellent pay far beth pest lions i l l 5*15. 927-2744 

 w ork 8 h rs o r m o re a day, loam 4 3opm T e m p o ra ry posi­ tion A l toast I yrs esp Contact 
Oeimg M adera IRS E Josephine or call IJS 1821 

Helpers With I ar more yrs c ig 
Rentz E lectric Co 492-1687 

M l l Kl Ii ii ii i 
Apply 17421 Blanco, 18-5, Mon En. 
442 9828 i A r f E N O X E SS AN O COCK 
T A IL W A IT R E S S E S needed. some experience necessary, The 
Comic Strip, apply in person at 
25o7 Galled Rd Coll 3)3 2o51 or 
333-8788 tor appointment 
Bayous Seafood Restaurant 
Interviewing For: 
LUNCH FOOD SERVER 
LUNCHEON HOSTESS 
EUSBOYS 
Apply 2417 Wagon Wheel I 5pm 

 c- aT hT e r '' A k b 
( id u k lE H 
HELP, advancement possible, l l and older, fu ll lim e perm anent, 
?ood d is p o s itio n , easy sm ile , 
■ rie n d ly e nviro nm e nt, apply in person 2-4 pm Monday Sotucday. 
Sea Island Shrimp House. 322 W 
Rector across from North Star 
I JEBB, 

CASHIER 
{18 or ever, loam 2pm Tuos-Sat 
Apply in person only 2 3pm at 
USO* West Ave 494 893o 
C 5 /k "f aTl~~W AIYR Is i i needed tor plush lounge, 
Courtyard 
141 5371 
— 
Z 6 fk T A H W A l t f c t i ii K — 
AND WAITERS tor new French style restaurant. 
Call 824 4592 (loom 4 36pm Man 

DANCERS n o tdad, tog w oes* 
Call attar tom 499-4881 

WHATABURGER 

Needs perm a n e n t fu ll tim e men and women 
Apply in person 
4127 Naco P e rrin. No phone calls please 

62o Help Wanted 
M- itiw ite o u .: 

^APPLIANCE 
EARNINGS TO 3526 
Due to expansion we have open­ ing* tor skilled ond unskilled peo­ ple in the appliance Held Com­ pany w ill from 
No ekperience necessary. 

__________ 3 4 2 -5 2 2 7_________ 
A pl com m u nity security a u a rj, m ature, retire d with m ilita ry er law enforcement ekperience. 
477 *381, riS — M A N A G E * ■couple e iT necessary, sm all lu x u ry apt in 
Oak Hills Before noon, 342-4442 i r e S i 'TA-ftT W A k A flE ft------- 
: needed tor nor inside apt proper- 
I tv. 2 Y r* experience 
APAR TM ENT JOBS OF S A. 
128-9)94 
Em ploym ent Consultant* 

Beeline 
226-23o3 

 complex Must ba Qualified in air conditioning, heating, plum bing and e le ctricity 
T ranspo rtation 
Call from 8 a rn,-5 p m Mon Fri. 
484 1271 or 484 3841 
M ain te n a n ce m on w ith la rg o apartm ent com plex. P lum bing, electrical ond hooting experience e s s e n tia l. L o c a l re fe re n c e s required 
Apt tu rn 
Apply 
114 
I v ,*48r" *ck 
Maintenance Man 
: Apt complex, a ir condition exp 
4638 Broadway 836-7291 
3*6 M A L E F E M A IE 
196 
We need people for night work No e xp e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry . C o li 
Mrs Allen, 684 364P______ ______ 
Mole or female I Truck Stop co shier, 4o hr week, evening shift ond rolie l shift, perm anent lob, m ature, local refe ren ces S tart 
14)3 OO m onth, re tire d m ilita ry welcome AH Applications to A J 
Ploch Oil Co 5747 D ie trich Rd i 4 lp m d a ily to r in te rv ie w No phone cons please________ 
Men and wom en w anted 

M arl na i i sell ser vice station, N acogdoches Rd pas! Thousands Oaks O r. New lo cation opening s o o n 1' Need m anager and * p o rttim e a lle n d o n t*, p e rm a n e n t lo b 
A ll applications to A J Ploch Oil Co 
5747 O strich Rd 4-5pm doily for intorviow No phene colls please 
Wanted Am bitious people inter- ested in a d d itio n a l in com e , no experience n ece ssary, we w ill tram, phone 42) 4374 or 473 3744 

Councilman 
Al 
Rohde’s attempt to op­ pose the relocation of 
Kelly Field National 
Bank was termed a po­ litical ploy Friday by two F-dgewood arca 

Collision o f trucks kills 
S.A. driver 

YO A K U M 
(A P ) 
- 
I Humberto Raul Perez 
■Sr.. 27. of 139 Burke Ave , 
______________________ San Antonio, was killed ea rly Friday when his y a r d M A k L w e th iy d u tie s 
Ryinbo Baking Co. truck 
Gross, sh ru b b e ry, edging, and 
.. 
. 
. 
... 
_ 
... xii d t lf lining Us month 474 8364 Collided With an Oil trill k vnilUC CHH? 
Police said the acc!- lUUnb amid 
(lent occurred at the in- 
To work tor a now com pany in 
. 
........... , . 
. io n A n to n ia , m u st bo t r o t to ttT S C C tio ll Of I S. 11 and 
Hovel Coil tor interview between 
{Tv.vas 95 OH th e o u t s k ir t s 
16 em t i noon only. 71) 7747, ask 
U ,L tar Tony 
_____ o f ’xiukum. 

WANTED 
T ire changer F u ll tim e w o rk , must have own tra n s p o rta tio n , ond neat appearance 481-15)o 
Wont dusky lo c a l Pa-1 ar (ull- time College Student truck d river 
Commercial license Na Smoking 
Oood Pay FISHER $. 145o NE 
Loop 41o 

 and w orking good conditions 

48 hr weak, must ba obi# to climb heights. 37)4 N Panam Express way Contact hrs 9pm 4pm______ 
Booth A ttendant, young person for organic gardening booth, must hove neat appearance and PUtgo- mg personality 4SA3244 
J 
C A B IN E T M A K E R I y r exper lance required Satary open Ap ply 1131$ W etdner Rd TIM E LY , 
HOMES. INC Equal opportunity 1 empioygr_______ 
COL I CC TOR dw ontow n a ttic*, salary open, inside 224-332* Mrs 
I WNR8 
I 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
M r Qwik, nicest store in lie s , { openings tor 3 38 tip m shin* dot iv or weekend* only. Any typo at s te re e x p e rie n c e a c c e p ta b le . 
Polygraph gxam required Apply 

 par 
342 J I O 
* ___________________ 

 n • r -1 r <T T ^aird em irr^nT ^^H l"im tenoce m an, g ip o n ly 
A p p ly 
Wonderland m ain office 
' T c T E fefc IM W IB I'A m v 
Gas c o m p re sso r o p e ra to r mo- cnonic, m otor m on tor tndepen den! g a s o lin e p la n t, b o o s te r station and m e te rs Located of 
Pearsall, Texas Call M r R usstll 
Welts, at 512 334 4511 or M r S i 
Burn* 915-46) 78)11 
— ffg f t r t i t a H i i m t C i — 
CUSTOMER SERVICE PERSON 
Windsor Homes Inc. i ________ to *->438 
I 
Need I tru c k 4)op A tte ndants 
Service Men, n ig h t shift, 5 day week, m a tu re , w illin g w o rk e r, perm anent lo b 
Texaco T ru ck 
Center G at and Eat Truck Step 
Start S448 month All Applications to A J Ploch Oil Ca 5747 Dietrich 
Rd 45pm daily for interview No phone coil* glom #, 

NURSES AIDE mTuD 
S3 35 an hour, non -tm o ker. San 
Podro-FM 1484 area. m u tt have cor We ll tra in , tlo x ib l* hours a must, coll 497 341) h i y m e eat'L ic m down 
: town office 127 7171 

P A R T T I M E 
Out to expansion we have open mg* tho! must be filled immedio tely 
No exporionco necessary, 
342 $228 

YOUNG WOMAN live* In relocates to Austin finptish Spanish spooking OK 
Excellent living conditions 
(t)447-tD ), eve or weekend 

622 DOMESTIC 
BABYSITTER w anted tor sum mer, Shenendoah area, atter 5 
4*9 1257_______________________ 
?MILO CARE needed tor 8 ond l l year old in my nome between 3 ond 4 weekdays 
Coli anytim e 
4JV43o'. 
H o'isekeeper w o n te d . 5 d a ys. g e n e ra l h o u se w o rk 
M u s t be deoendabte have tra n sp o rta tio n cmd r Her enc i t 344 2833 

L I V # in and c o re to r e ld e rly 
Room 4 board *24 toot_________ 
LIVE IN HOUSEKEEPER 
M f 1341 

PART TIME 
Em ployee* needed W ferk I or mere days a weak B orn from 548 to S48 per day Cor necessary. 
Coll Frank, 34o 1438 p e n * 4 t i m 
Office. Wast Aye. et t i MS LE ASIN G AGENT bH 
Led# 416. ask for Wavim w v e f 
Turtle Creek areg 494-1)44 

Perez wast pronounced 
(lead at the scene 
The 
(driver of the second truck received only m in­ or injuries. 

Society to 
| celebrate 

The 
St. 
Joseph’s 
Society of San Antonio 
.w ill celebrate St. Jo- jseph’s Day Sunday with a 
....... 
I Mass at St. Joseph’s 
Live-in, woman w illing lo assume I 
' ” , 
. 
. 
. . 
. household with 4 children due to ( SthollC Church a t 5 J) 111. unexpected deotn ot m other, new an(j a program and din­ ner later at the society's hall, 42o E. Durango 
Ul\d 
The Rev. Charles W. 
Neumann of the Theology 
Department. St. M ary’s 
University, will be the principal celebrant ut the 
Mass and w ill be the speaker at the banquet 
Rev. Neumann is the son of a deceased member of the society. 
The San Antonio Lie* derkranz will sing at l>oth the Mass and on the pro­ gram at the society hall. 

 community leaders. 
The charge was made by Pablo Escamilla Jr., a trustee of the 
Edgewood School Dis­ trict, and John C. Do­ minguez, chairman of the 
C itizens 
Action 
Task Force 
They said 
Rohde should have taken ac­ tion in opposition of the proposed bunk reloca­ tion as early as Feb 12. rather than recently. 

The bunk's proposed move would be from 
C astroville 
Road to 
Bandera and Wurzbach roads. 
Escam illa and Do­ minguez said another 
District 6 City Council candidate, Jesse Diaz has acted in the best interest of District ti by bringing the plans of a possible move to the community’s attention and by appointing a task force to keep the hank 
Escam illa said the bank should stay at its present location be­ cause any new bank to replace it would not have as much lean re­ serve or capacity as the 
Kelly Field bunk. 

 was operating a cam­ paign headquarters in an 
" A " residential zone. 
That prompted Mrs. 
L. W 
(T in k e r) M ur­ dock to move the cam­ paign headquarters into the trunk of her ear, but former Constable Jack 
Brown, owner of the headquarters at 213o 
Chiliad Road prevailed on her to move back into the building, brown painted out the word "headquarters,” 
Subsequently, Brown was notified he couldn't park his truck and trailer on a paved lot he owns next door to the headquarters 
Departm ent of 
Building and Planning said "storage of com­ mercial equipment’’ is not permitted in an "A " residential zone. The truck had been parked only overnight. 
The third visit by De­ partment of Building and 
Planning came when Brown put his daughter’s ear on the lot with a "For Sale" sign on the windshield. 
The notification said sale of an auto iii an 
"A" residential zone is not permitted. 
Brown, who donated the headquarters to 
M rs. 
D utm er. is a 
Dutmer supporter. Her steering committee in­ cludes Coni. A J Ploch and State Reps 
Al 
Brown, Ron Bird and 
Lou Nolle Sutton 

 in the Harlandale Civic 
Center. The dance is tx-1 rig hosted by Amigos de San Martin, and the public is united 
Councilman Henry 
Cisneros, candidate for re-election in District I, w ill hold an o ld -fa­ shioned, political block party in the 44MI block of 
Barrera Street at ll a rn. Saturday. 

Thirty people are to campaign door to door for Cisneros in the dis­ trict Saturday. 

The 
San 
Antonio 
League of Business and 
Professional Women’s 
Club, Inc., is sponsor­ ing a "Meet the District 
2 Candidates*’ session at 7 p m. Saturday in the Carver Community 
Cultural Center. The public is invited 

District IU candidates w ill participate in a question and answer program at 7:3o p.m. 
Monday at the El Dora­ do Clubhouse on Prima 
Vista Street off Nacog­ doches Road 
Sponsor of the function, open to the public, is the El 
Dorado Homes Assn 

At ll a rn. Monday, the Young Democrats of San Antonio College arc sponsoring an ap­ pearance of Mayor Lila 
Cockrell in the Fiesta 
Room of the Lofttn Stu­ dent 
Center 
The m ajor’s two major op­ ponents, San M artin and John Monfrey, have already spoken al SAC. 

B u r i a l s u i ! 

HONG KONG — Chin. 
Friday reported disco very of a th in 
2.UUU--year-old burial sui made of jade pieces sew I with gold filament, 
Rohde plans light against dump site 

Councilman Al Rohde said Friday he w ill fight j newly granted permit 

Sum m it Ooks A d d itio n . N e rts west, , mi m in i 
MAIO. Live in, m a tu re parson, ligSt Sousekeeping and care tor infant 349 4)o$ 
Mature woman to cora tar t year aid and intent in my nam*. M ind weed. near Boerne 
M ust Save own car, reference* M ilt consider iivg-tn Go» 1 vutufj sro u tor 
Need B abysitter evenings Man 
F ri Prefer elder lady w its own transportation. 337-7>93. 
NEEDED IM M E D IA C Y Live in 
Bobv u tte r >34 5 541 
Need liv t'tn Sousexeeper w its childe a rt tar (working m o th e r I boys, abe* * ana 16, b o a rd iia room included, pay negotiable. 
457-148* atter 1.68 pm. 

Fart time housekeeper * Sour*7] days a tweak, hours ond days flexible, 52$ b week Must Save references Call 822-7182 ta tu r- day only St 1opm 

Martinez: COPS cut his time 

District 5 < tty Council candidate Cecil lo Mar­ tinez Friday said tie walked <mt on a meet­ ing of Communities O r­ ganized tor Public Ser­ vice over a matter of tune. 
Martinez, a business­ man, said he Iud been informed he would haw one minute to answer each question posed by 
COPS. A fter he was 

 shorted on his first two questions 
.Martinez said, he warned he would walk out if he didn t receive his full minute to answer each question He walked out after the third question. 
The candidate denied he had reiused to sign a commitment to issues brought up by COPS. 
He said lie was never asked to sign anything. 

 for a 2oo-acre garbage dumping site in Distrie! 
6, in which he is a can didate. 
Rohde said the per nut was granted las 
Monday by the Texai 
Department of I lea It I 
Resources and the sib will be located be tweet 
Kelly AFB and Lack land AFB, near Pablo’! 
Grove. 
The site also will ad join the Memorial Ai 
Museum, Rohde added lie announced a put lie hearing will Im* hcl for District ti citizens t speak on the gurbag dumping silt* 
\ tun and location will tie ai nouneed later, Kohl! said, 

I 

FORTY ye ars a g o , a n e x p lo sio n ripped o pe n this school in N e w London, Texas, killing 2 6 9 students an d teachers. 
Elizondo: Silence binding on SASO board in ouster 

Persons demanding to know why Deputy Supt. 
Henry Rodriguez’s con­ tract was not renewed know the board is bound to silence, board Presi­ dent W illiam Elizondo said Friday. 
Dr. Elizondo was re ­ sponding to protests from a group of San Antonio 
African coal to Florida 

W ASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON 
- 
South African coal will be brought to the United 
States next month to fire two electrical plants on the west coast of Florida that are owned and oper­ ated by Gulf Power Go. 
The Gulf Coast electric com pany will im port 
5oo,ooo tons for the year s ta rtin g in A pril. 

 l f Mr. R od riguez dors 
UI ti link for a h i ’ii r ill g in 
IO days. his supporters must accept the fact he does not leant the rea­ sons aired' 

School District residents who threatened to stage a school boycott over the firing of Rodriguez. 
In a Ixia rd meeting last week, the school board voted 4-2 in executive session not to renew Ro­ driguez’s contract. 
Not policy 

No reasons for the dis­ missal were given at the meeting because Dr. Eli­ zondo said it was board policy not to discuss per­ sonnel in public. 
The resid en t’s group. w ho threatened Thursday to keep their children out 

 of J. T. B rac k en rid g e 
Elementary School, said they wanted to know the reason for the dismissal. 
“ U n d er the privacy rights granted to public em ployes, reasons for firing a person or not renewing a contract are kept confidential unless the person involved asks for a public h e a rin g ,’’ 
Dr. Elizondo said. 
Can request 
If Rodriguez wants the reasons for his termination made public, he can request a public hearing within Hi school days of the official notifi­ cation of his termination, the board president said 
“ If he does not ask for a public hearing within that time, then his sup­ porters must accept the fact that he does not want the reasons aired 

“ And they m ust r e ­ concile themselves to the fact that the choice was 
Mr. Rodriguez’s, not the board’s." he added. 

NEW LONDON, Tex. 
(AP) — Participants in one of the nation's most unusual class reunions gather here Saturday to recall that day 4o years ago when 2o9 fellow classmates and teachers were killed in the New 
London school explosion. 
“ It will be like a family reunion We have more in common than most class g ro u p s,” said 
John 
Baucum, an engineer for 
General Dynamics Corp. 
B aucum . 57, of F ort 
Worth, was a junior when the school exploded. His 
14-year-old sister was killed Authorities said an electrical sp ark touched off an accumula­ tion of natural gas in the school basement March 
18. 1937. 
“ I was in a classroom with 28 other students. 
Only nine in the room survived. The teacher was k illed ,” Baucum said. 
Too painful 

O rganizers of the reunion said two s u r ­ vivors would not attend because memories of that day are 
“ just too painful." 
“ The students in the building where the ex­ plosion occurred would have been dismissed at 
3:3o. The explosion, I recall, was at 3:2o," said 
G lorietta Shaffer, who lost her brother Gabe in the blast. 
Mrs. Shaffer said Gabe 

 had asked to stay home from school that day, but his mother refused. 
“ My m other blam ed herself for 
G ab e’s death.” she said. “ She never recovered and died four years later." 
She said former New 
London residents from 

Iowa. California, Loui­ siana and Oklahoma are planning to be here Sa turday, as well as a large number from Texas. 
“ We are expecting at least 15o for the dinner and as many as 45o for the memorial service,” 
Mrs. Shaffer said. 

The dinner will be at 
5 3o p.m . at Kilgore, about 12 miles away from 
New 
London. 
The m em orial serv ic e is scheduled at 2 p.m. at the site of the explosion, where the present school is still located 
At the time of the blast. 

 the death toll was higher than any explosion disas­ ter in history. Two sub­ sequent explosions, both at ports, surpassed the 
New London Fatality fig­ ures. 
The explosion was so tremendous that children were blow n 75 feet. 

2o% Off 
Custom Orders 

Prices are reduced 2o% through March 19 on custom made Parsons tables, cubes, and other custom designs 
Covered in your choice of plastic laminate colors and built to your size specifications. Master Charge. 
BankAmericard or revolving charge plan. storehouse 

6547 Sa n P edro at the corner of Jack son Keller (in Village Plaza) tai 341 -2281 

2 5 o o Broadway 1 21 8 S. W. Military Drive 

RIVAL 3'A QT. 
CROCK POT 
99 

W HILE THEY LAST 

GREAT AMERICAN 
BURGER MACHINE 
AND SANDWICH MAKER 

LOOKS 
HAMIURGERS, 
SMALL 
SHAK. 
HOI 
OOGS 
GRILL 
SANDAHL HIS TOASTS RAGUS. MUHINS HEAT PIES LOCKING 
MANDLI TOR NO SPLATTER LOOKING EASY TO LUAN NON 
SULKING LOOKING SURE ALE. ANO DRIP TRAY 
DETALHAIU 

1o4-oo3 
Sugg. Ret. 15.95 

DIGITAL ALARM 
176*o1o-144o 
DELUXE DIGITAL ALARM LLoLK bug* lighted leat 

 typ« numerals ai* taiy to too in ony light 24 hour 

 oloim tyttem, with AM and PM maikingt, tan Im tot 

 at IO mmutt interval* Revolving w o m b indicator 

Whtipoi quiet operation 
Modem blown tote with 

 block cilvei outline front High impoct ityiene 3 ‘«i 

7'/i*4W, I7oY, 6o Hz. 

Sugg. Ret. 
$18.oo 
WHILE THEY UST 

\\lsL O Y Z > 'S . 
AM/EM STEREO RADIO, 8 TRACK TAPE 

REGINA 3-SPEED 
ELECTRIC BROOM I S 

A heavy duty motor, great for all-through fire­ house cleaning. Rug Pile Dial Nozzle adjusts for bare floors and any c a rp e t. N o more expensive paper dust bags to buy, ever! Regina’s exclusive dirt cup empties like an ash tray . , . saves up to 
$8.oo a year. Lightweight, only 
I pounds! 
Three cleaning speeds. 
S H A G 
RAKE 
AT­ 
TACHMENT, 
Grooms ond cleans shag carpeting. 
S o * , Rec. $49 R S 
M e 
) l l 
O 
O 
SPECIAL & c f 

Now you can have a beautiful green lawn 

 without work or worry thanks to liquid fertilizers applied by a-Perm-o-Green. 

A greener lawn is what you’ll notice first— usually within IO to 14 days after we first spray your lawn. 
It will be greener because it is healthier. Greener because a-Perm-o-Green’s nutrients are promoting a deep root system and strong stems and blades. 
You’ll notice something else too, no chinch bug or grub worm problems because a-Perm-o-Green applies the correct insecticide at the right time— before damage is done. 
Join the thousands who are enjoying greener, healthier lawns thanks to a-Perm-o-Green applica­ tions last year. Your satisfaction is assured or you don’t owe us a cent. 

Why is a-Perm -o-G reen so effective? 

Your lawn is sprayed with liquid fertilizer specially prepared by a-Perm-o-Green to meet current soil, temperature and moisture conditions. 
Nutritional elements plus nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium are seasonally adjusted to promote the growth most beneficial at the time of application. 
Research proves that proper nutrition— rather than the soil itself— makes the difference between success and failure in creating a beautiful lawn. And creating beautiful lawns is what a-Perm-o-Green is all about. 

Average Cost? Less than $2o per application. 
Seems amazingly low, but a-Perm-o-Green is able to buy fertilizers and insecticides in quantity and pass the savings on to you. The average size lawn really 

 does average less than $2o per application— about the same as if you bought materials and applied them yourself (not counting the trips you’d make to the fertilizer store, the time and gamble over the correct mix to use, and the spreader equipment you’d have to rent or buy!) 

W hen do you join the p ro g ram ? Now! 
O ' ti c next few weeks our lawn care profes­ sionals will take the a-Perm-o-Green trucks out to spray this year’s first treatments on lawns throughout this area. 
Make sure your home is one of our first stops. Call us right now! 

 a-Perm-o-Green 

Lawn Spraying Schedule 

Spring Balanced application in­ cludes nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and Micro-Nutrients to give your lawn a strong, green leaf and stem. 

Larlv. Sum m er: Another bal­ anced application of fertilizers plus insec ticides for control of grub worms, chinch hugs, and other pests. 

Sum m er: Hot weather nutrients in seasonally balanced applica­ tion plus insecticides aimed at second generation chinch bugs. 

I* y ll* Essential nutrients plus a winterizing application to pro­ mote deep root growth and a helpful fungicide. 

 a-Perm-o-Green 

226-2387 

Call today for Free Estimate 
Free Lawn Analysis 226-2387 a-Perm-o-Green 

Lawn of San A ntonio, Inc. 
617 N orth Flores, San A ntonio, Texan 782o5 

W E W ELC O M E 

Open 7 ’til 7 MON.-SAT. 

Page 
I 2-F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday March 19 1977 
Survivors recall disaster