EXCLUSIVE — A 4-PAGE PULLOUT IN THE STAR — EXCLUSIVE * * * * * * * * * * * 

FIRE and ICE 
The story of Charles Revson, 
' A- creator of the Revlon em pire 
I \ V > 

S P O IIT K 
F IN A L 
F 
35<t 

January 2, 1977 

THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 

FORECAST 

Cloudy, cold. H igh. upper 
1os. 
Low. 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 
Bowl Scores 

I'o il41 ll B ow l 
. Houston 3o, Maryland 21 

B oso B ow l 
USC 14, Michigan 6 
Sugar B ow l 
Pittsburgh 27, Georgia 3 
Orang** B ow l 
Ohio State 27, Colorado IO 
DrfljiilM. ^Pelion * 

Gas settlement won’t cut bills 

WB 

San Antonio natural gas consumers won’t get any mon­ ey back. Mayor Lila Cockrell said Saturday, if the possibility of settlem ent becomes reality. 

She said the possibility of an out- of-court settlem ent between the ci- ty/City Public Service and Coastal 
States Gas Corp. in the $472.5 million suit over gas supply contract changes is closer than ever before. 
Arctic blast chills S.A. 

A lingering winter storm left 
San Antonio frozen under a mantle of ice e a r ly Sunday, as sleet and rain covered most of the metropolitan area. 
E arly m o rn in g Subfreezing te m ­ peratures Sunday continued a three- d a' arctic blast which closed out 197H as one of the coldest years on record. 
The San Antonio expressway sys­ tem was closed off in sections early 
S aturday night as day-long rains continued and temperatures dipped, forming ice on bridges and roadways. 
Rain 
Hum had continued th ro u g h o u t much of New Year's Day as tem per­ atures hovered .lust abo\c the freez­ ing mark until sunset. 
Frigid night a i r turned the preci­ pitation to sleet in some areas and rain-slick bridges and roads quickly froze over. 
Highway and police officials were issuing warnings to motorists of pos­ sible hazardous driving conditions 
Sunday morning. 
Portions of the expressways were closed and traffic diverted to the ac­ cess roads along Iii 35 and III 41o 
Bridges on other sections of the system were being sanded early Sa­ turday night as the freeze began 
Accidents 
Police said traffic accidents a p ­ peared to be minimal simply because drivers were staying off the danger­ ous roadways. 
The cold blast which began Thurs­ day night is expected to continue a1 least through Sunday with some eas­ ing of tem peratures Monday. 
The winter storm ended 197b as the second coldest year in the city’s his­ tory. The average daily tem perature was HH 4 d e g r e e s —o n e-te n th of a degree w arm er than the record low set in 19o3. 

From I a m. Saturday until late 
Saturday night, the tem perature at 
International A irport ranged only from 29 to SH degrees. 

There were some reports of snow and sleet mixed with snow in some portions of the city by sunset Satur­ day. but National W eather Service officials could not co n firm the observations. 

Sleet was officially recorded at the airport early Saturday night, how­ ever 
Ice Plan 
As night fell, hundreds of workers moved into action under the m ulti­ agency “ Ice Plan.” 
Crews from the State Department of Highway and Public T ransporta­ tion. City Public Works and others working in coordination with the city police, county sheriff and D ep a rt­ ment of Public Safety began the plan to m inim ize the hazards from the freezing roads and bridges. 
Portions of the expressway system that were not immediately closed off w ere heavily san d ed and crew s w orked th ro u g h o u t the night r e ­ sponding to reports of icing condi­ tions. 
Motorists were being advised early 
Sunday to confine all d riv in g to emergencies only because of the se­ vere icing caused by continuing sleet and frigid temperatures. 
Comparisons 

Residents who are chilled by Sun­ day m orning s frigid tem peratures might warm themselves by recalling that on Jan I in 1955 the temperature here was a balmy 79 degrees. 

Even last year when the near-re­ cord chill was set, the tem perature on Jan. I rose to a comfortable 74 degrees. Weather Service data show. 

“ I believe our citizens understand that individual cash refunds are not going to result from this settlement should it be c o n c lu d e d .” M ayor 
Cockrell said in her New Year’s Day message, “ even though that is what we would like to see happen.” 
Resolution 
“ I want to remind the citizens that 
City Council passed a resolution stat­ ing no financial benefits would go to the city government from any scil le­ nient of our lawsuit against Coastal 
States.” 
Benefits from any settlement would go to CPS. she said, thereby benefit­ ing consumers by insuring stability of gas supply. 
"B enefits deriving from a scute- ment are to be used by CPS for the direct benefit of Us custom ers,” she said. 
"Realistically, should a settlement be reached, it will take m onths to complete the legal process to put ii into effect 
“ Substantial portions of the settle­ m ent package under consideration arc long-range benefits to insure the continued supply of gas to customers of 
C oastal 
S t a t e s ’ s u b s id ia r y , 
Lo-Vaca G a th e rin g Co., at below- market prices. 
“ All proceeds, both short-term and long-term, would bt1 used for the custom ers’ benefit, resulting in more stability in the utility hills in the face of continued rise of fuel costs," she said. 
San Antonio and CPS a re suing 
Coastal States. Lo-Vaca amt Coastal 
S tates’ chief. O scar Wyatt J r .. tor alleged breach of contract in the ci­ ty’s gas supply contract. 

Attorneys representing all parties in the suit have Ihhmi locked iii nego­ tiations for an out-of-court settlement of the suit 
Mayor Cockrell said she issued the statement in the wake of many tetters asking about possible cash payments to CPS customers. 

Horn I 
I 
! loo soon 

San A ntonio’s two new est babies ran a close race tor the 
First Baby of the Year Honors. 

Baby Girl Aguero was born exactly at m idnight at Santa 
Rosa M edical te n te r . The eight-and one-halt pound girl is the daughter ol Hope Aguero et 
San Antonio. 

Since she was born at m id­ night, however, the little girl technically was born in 1978. 

At G reen H osp ital, Rudy 
Happy Vargas was born three seconds after m idnight. The little boy, weighing six pounds, fhe-and one-half ounces, is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Rudy Var­ gas. 

21 due to receive 
Freedom Medals 

Nature's Pop sid e 

It was cold enough to form icicles in San Antonio New 
Year’s Day as demonstrated by Jo Anne Reyes of 1632 ti 
Monte who takes a taste of a big icicle hanging from a tree in the family yard. A hose was left on and the freezing tempera­ tures did the rest. — Staff Photo by Joe Barrera Jr. 

VAIL. Colo. (A P ) — P re s id e n t 
Ford announced Saturday he will give the Medal ol Freedom, the na­ tion’s highest civilian award, to 21 
A m erican s, in clu d in g Nobel and 
Pulitzer Prize winners and person­ alities in science, lite ra tu re , b a ­ seball. tabor, the arts and polities. 
Former First I .ady Mrs Lyndon R. 
Johnson, and Vice President Nelson 
A Rockefeller were among those on 
Hie list, announced for New Year's 
Day. 
Ford will present the medals at the 
White House on Jan IO, a little more than a week after he returns to Wa­ shington from a 14-day skiing vaca­ 

 tion in Hie Colorado Rockies 
Tile Medal of Freedom honors per­ sons "tor meritorious contribution to 
Hie areas of security or national in­ terest of the Cnitcd States. vqprld peace or cultural or other significant public or private endeavors .” 
The announcem ent cam e as Hie 
President was off on a skiing run on a brilliantly sunny New Y ea r’s Day, 
Hie la s t of his vacation stay. 
He hart celebrated th e new year i i i his rented Swiss-stvle hom e with about HU triends and members of his family, sipping champagne and en- 

See MEDAL, Page UA 
Ford to be President until very last minute 

VAIL. Colo. (Al’) - “ At 11:39 on 
Jan. 2o it s us. At noon, bang i f s them. 
“ Before noon on Jan 2o. there is cooperation, but no sharing of power, and after noon there is no sharing of power. President Ford feels that until that moment of transfer, tie is re- sponsible tor what happens and wit! 

 on his best judgment.” 
With those words, a senior White 
House official explained why P r e ­ sident Ford is going to be an active leader in tits final 18 days in office, after he returns to Washington Sun­ day from a two-week skiing vacation in Vail. 
In his closing weeks, the President 
■ H M M M n a M i 

Inside the Express-New ft 

Action E x p ress.............................. JC 
A rts ................... 
«. 711 
Business..............................Section ti 
Classified....................ti-IHI). 14* US 
Deaths............................................ US 
Editorials................................. 
4H 
Horoscope........................................ 4F 
Movies ......................«. . . .Magazine 
P olitics..............................................2H 
Today’s Chuckle 

Our idea of a good salesman is the fellow wtio sold the Bicenten­ nial Minute series to the BBC. 

I I ITH YEAR Vol. No. 26 

Soap O peras 
........................ HG 
Sports............................................I PJS 
W eather............................................ 7G 

COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers.................................... HE 
Dan Cook........................................ 2S 
Dear Abby........................................HE 
Jack Anderson................................all 

SATURDAY % TEMP ERATURES 

I a m ta m 
* a rn 
* a rn 
Sam 
6am 
I a rn ti a m 

Yam 
1o o rn. 
11 a rn. 
Noon 
I p.m. 
I pm 
3 p rn. 
4 p m 

34 
JS 
JS4614 
33itii 

S p m 
6pm 
I pm i pm 
9pm 
1o p m, 
11 p rn 
M i d n i g h t ,3 3 

__________ 228 PAGES 
■M lU nM N M M H M M nM H M H i 

• Direct the end of g o v ern m en t controls on the price of gasoline 
• Send to Congress his recom m en­ dation for a tax cut expected to total about $1o billion for individuals, plus tax breaks for business. 
• Decide w hether to re c o n sid e r grunting amnesty to Vietnam draft evaders and deserters. He is not li­ kely to a lte r his p re v io u s sta n d against a blanket pardon or amnesty. 

• Introduce legislation proposing that Puerto Rico be admitted as the nation s 51st state. 
• Decide whether to recom m end significant pay raises for m em bers of 
Congress and high federal officials 
• Work on “ odds and ends” of the fiscal year 1978 budget he will submit to Congress Jan 17 and the economic message he’U forward a day or two later. 

• Polish the State of the Union message he will deliver before a joint session of Congress about Jan. 12. 
• Meet with Republican leaders on the issue of revitalizing the GDP and selecting a new national chairm an to replace Mary louise Smith. 
Ford demonstrated that he would not fade out quietly w hen he proposed 

See FORD, Page UA 

Ram Band in Tournament o f Resea Parade 

THE DREAM became a reality Saturday for members of the John Marshall High School Rom Band of San 
Antonio as it marches in the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, C alif The band was 19th in line and carried flags from Holmes and Jay High Schools, which contributed funds for the trip. The band earned $58,ooo for the trip through contributions, concerts and a 51 -hour marathon performance at 
Wonderland Shopping City. The Mind will return to San Antonio Sunday. More New Year’s Day 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2_ 1977 
Military volunteers rush to make deadline 

Spurred on by a New Year's Day deadline that meant a reduction in future GI Bill benefits, volunteers crowded local recruiting offices ar- 
. ound the country to sign up for mili­ tary service. 

' 
Some recruiting offices reported that the enlistment buildup began last month, but almost all those surveyed at random agreed that the real flood in applications came in the last week. 

About 5oo enlistees a day. for ex­ ample, flooded the Armed Forces entrance and examination center in 
Los Angeles, a sharp increase over the 7o to IOO volunteers who signed up in the last week of 1975, center of­ ficials said. 

Other recruiting offices said they had processed about twice as many enlistees in the last week of 
December as they normally did. 
In Detroit, Maj. Robert Joles, ex­ 

 ecutive officer of the A rm y’s 
Recruiting 
Center said, 
“ We processed about 8o boys Frid ay, compared with our average 35 a day.” 

Army recruiter Sgt. William Cal- liham in Columbia, S.C., said of the last week’s rush: “ They were beating the doors down ... Ifs like Christmas shopping. They waited until the last minute.” Calliham said his station had signed up 88 persons in 

November and December, an in­ crease of one-third over last year’s total of 6o enlistees accepted. 
A Pentagon spokesman in W a­ shington said there were no figures available on how many enlistees had joined the services in the last week. 

Friday was the last day enlistees could qualify for full GI Bill educa­ tion benefits. Beginning Saturday, new enlistees have to contribute some of their service pay toward a GI Bill 

 education fund. 
Under the new GI Bill, those en­ listing iii the military service will have to pay $5o to $75 monthly, up to a maximum of $2,7oo, to receive educational aid. 

Another inducement to enlist in the armed forces was a delayed entry program, under which volunteers could enlist by the end of 1976 and get current full GI education benefits as long as they enter service before the 

 end of 1977. 

The Army, the largest service, says it has about 3o,ooo of these delayed entry enlistees signed up. 
Military recruiting offices in Cin­ cinnati and Minneapolis stayed open 
Friday, a holiday for federal em­ ployes, to keep up with the applica­ tions. In Reno, Nev., Seattle, Ok­ lahoma City, among others, the recruiting staffs worked upwards of 
12-hour days during the week. 
Puerto Rico must make decision on statehood— Carter 

A S S O C IA T E D W IE S S 
PLAINS, Ga. — President­ elect Carter said Saturday 
Congress should not consider making Puerto Hico the 51st state until the island’s resi­ dents have expressed a clear preference for statehood. 
Carter, after visiting his mother al the hospital, was asked about Pre­ sident Ford’s proposal to Congress to make Puerto Rico a state. 
“ I would bo perfectly willing to see 
Puerto Rico become a state if the people who live there prefer that,” 
Carter said. 
But he said his position remains unchanged from his stand in the recent campaign and that until the 
Puerto Rican people themselves ex­ press a preference for statehood, the 
Congress should not act. 
Ford is proposing that Congress approve statehood. Then it would be voted on by the Puerto Ricans. 
In a 1967 vote. 69 pet cent favored maintaining their commonwealth status. Last Nov. 2 the gubernatorial election was won by a proponent of statehood, Carlos Romero Barcella. 
Ford disagrees 
Asked about Carter s statement 
Saturday, Ford said. “ I respect his opinion and I respectfully disagree.” 
Carter was having lunch with the traditional Southern New Year’s Day menu of hog jowls and black-eyed peas. He spent part of the day dis­ cussing top federal positions still to be filled with Hamilton Jordan, his chief talent scout and former cam­ paign director. 
Carter said he and his Cabinet ap­ pointees have agreed that they will recommend persons to fill their department s top jobs and that Carter will have veto power. 
‘‘He’s given them broad latitude in terms of these appointments,” Jo r­ dan said as he arrived from W a­ sh ington to meet with Carter. 
“ In the final analysis the process tilts in favor of the cabinet secretary 
.having the decision as to who the 

 person is going to ne. I ne governor is not going to force a deputy or an as­ sistant secretary on a Cabinet of­ ficial.” 
No commitments 

Jordan said that while no commit­ ments are being made he thinks all 
White House staff members and most sub-Cabinet officials will be named and in place by inauguration day Jan. 
2o 
Carter said he celebrated the ar­ rival of the new year quietly with his 
9-year-old daughter Amy and his w ife 
Rosa Iv nn 
“ I went to bed before midnight and 
Amy and I set the clock for five min­ utes to 12 and we all woke up and watched Guy Lombardo and also watched the Times Square thing and five minutes after midnight we were back in bed asleep,” he said. 
The president-elect pushed his mother's wheel chair through the lobby of the Americus-Sumter County 

Hospital, where she is being treated for painful muscle spasms in her legs. As he talked with reporters 
78-year-old ‘‘Miss Lillian” Carter clasped his hands with hers, laid her head back and closed her eyes. 

Can’t have visitors 

She told reporters she intends to leave the hospital in time to see her son inaugurated in Washington as the nation’s 39th president. In the mean­ time, she can’t have visitors and confessed to being kind of blue. 
But she joked with reporters and said that a midnight taste of sherry from a bottle a friend had sent her left her with a New Year’s resolution: 
“ Never drink another speck of sweet sherry.” 

As her eldest son left to return home, she murmured, “ I love ypu.” 
“ Behave yourself today,” the pre­ sident-elect replied. 

‘M IS S L IL L IA N 1 h olds her s o n fs h a n d s a s he ta lk s with new sm en 
Statehood plan blasted 

SAN JUAN. Puerto Rico (A P) - 
President Ford s proposal for Puerto 
R ho to become the 51st state drew sharp criticism Saturday from a major newspaper which said the 
President was ill adv ised. 
The opinion published by El Mon­ do, the only newspaper to appear on the New Year holiday, reflected the view of outgoing Gov. Rafael Her­ nandez Colon. Leaders of the In ­ dependence and Socialist opposition parties have also criticized Ford s action 
Gov.-elect Carlos Romero Barcelo, who takes office Sunday and officially favors statehood for the island com­ monwealth. said on Friday he wel­ comed the President’s suggestion, but even he said the change should be delayed until economic conditions improve 
Puerto Rico has an unemployment rate of more than 2o per cent and a low rate of economic growth. 

El Mundo called Ford ’s action regrettable and said, 
“ It con­ tributes nothing to strengthening the union between Puerto Rico and the 
United States. He has been very bad­ ly advised by people in the United 
States or in Puerto Rico.” 
The newspaper said- Ford’s sta­ tement came as a shock to ail Puerto 
Ricans and it questioned the Pre­ sident’s motive in making the policy statement when he is on the verge of leaving the presidency. 
Even Romero’s praise for the Pre­ sident’s stand, announced Friday at 
Vail, Colo., was cautis. Sources close to the governor-elect said he delayed his reaction statement for several hours while he met with top advisers. 
Hernandez Colon, who was nar­ rowly defeated by Romero in his bid for re-election last November, blast­ ed the Ford statement as undue interference in internal Puerto Rican affairs. 

He not eh! that Puerto Ricans voted overwhelmingly to continue com­ monwealth status in a 1967 plebicite. 
Proindependence political spokes­ men denounced the Ford move. 
The El Mundo editorial said most 
Puerto Ricans want to remain as­ sociated with the United States in some form. “ That permanent union is rooted in mutual respect,” it said, 
“ and mutual respect does not allow a president to treat the issue of our political status so casually.” 
In Vail, Colo., President Ford was asked Saturday about reports that possible federalization of offshore 
Puerto Rican oil reserves played a part in his recommendation for sta­ tehood. “ That had no relevance at all. 
That was not a matter that at least I considered.” 
The President also said. “ I had heard nothing of any consequence concerning it." 

M exico gets extension of loan payback 

*. t 

N E W Y O R K T IM E S S E R V IC E 
MEXICO CITY — Mexico’s new government has won approval from the International Monetary Fund for an economic recovery program that would permit continued price in­ creases and deficit spending as an alternative to sharp deflation and massive unemployment. 
A $1.2 billion loan agreement with the IMF, ratified earlier this month by the month-old government of Pres­ ident Jose Lopez Portillo, gives 
Mexico three years in which to re­ duce its budgetary and balance-of- pavments deficits. 
New foreign loans, however, will be inevitable. 
“ As a result, the administration will not be forced to apply such restrictive measures as would have been necessary over a shorter ad­ justment period,” a Finance Min­ istry statement explained. “ Had this been necessary, production and em­ ployment wouid have been drastical­ ly affected.” 
Devaluation 
Current spending for the year will grow' by 31.5 per cent, a slight rise over 1976 in real terms to $18.5 billion and capital investment by 46.8 per cent to $7.3 billion. But revenue will cover only three-quarters of this and the balance must be financed do­ mestically and abroad. 
Trying to head off an ever-deepening recession — the economy grew by 3.2 per cent in 1976, compared to an average of 5.7 per cent between 1971 and 1975—the gov­ ernment has signed a $5 billion jomt-investment pact with the pri­ vate sector aimed prim arily at creating 3oo,ooo new jobs and stimu­ lating the economy. 
Wage hike 

President Lopez Portillo has also decided against clashing with the la­ bor movement so early in his admin­ istration by trying to freeze wages. 
Instead, from Jan. I. minimum wages have been raised by 9 per cent, a figure that will be used as a guide 

 for upcoming industrial negotiations. 
Added to wage increases of between 16 and 23 per cent following the peso devaluation, wages have now increased between 25 and 33 per cent in just four months — almost equivalent to the amount that the 
Mexican currency has been devalued. 
Britain won’t fire to protect fishing 

LONDON (A P) — Britain’s new 
2oo-mile fishing limit was effective at the stroke of the new year, but government officials said Saturday enforcement would be delayed a day or two. 
British naval vessels have been told to not fire warning shots across the bows of unauthorized fishing vessels operating within British waters, of­ ficials said. 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

Published eoch Satu rday, Su nd ay and lo b o r D a y . Thanksgiving 
D ay. and ors Ju ly 4 , Christm as D ay, N e w Y ear v D a y , w hen they occur M on d ay through Friday 
Also published on a M on 

 d a y. w hen Ju ly 4, Chpstm as D ay , N e w Y e a r s D ay falls on a preceding Su nd ay 
By The Express News Corporation 

P O B o , 2171 
Sa n Antonio, T e» o , 7 8 2 9 7 

Second Class Postag e Pa id at 
San Antonio, Te*a$ 
Pegivtrado corno arhculo de 2do close e l 2 9 de tn e ro 
1222, en la Adm inistration de Cor recs en N u e v o tared©, 
Tamps 
M e n c o 

All com m unications should be ad dressed to S a n Antonio E* press, or Son Antonio N e w s 
This new spap er w ill not be 

 responsible for m anuscripts Or photographs not sobered , for publication, 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 
In,.rte Teio, 
I Mo. 
6 Mo, 
I Yf 

M orning & Su nd ay ......................... 
S S 4 9 
S 2 8 l l 
$ 5 4 74 

M o rn in g O n ly .........................................$ 4 6 5 
$ 2 3 9 o 
$ 4 6 11 
Evening 8 S u n d a y ................................. $ 5 o 7 
$ 2 6 
13 
$ 5 o 5 6 
Evening O n l y .........................................$ 4 41 
$ 2 3 o 5 
$ 4 4 54 

Su n d ay O n l y ....................................... 
$ 3 21 
$ 1 6 
1$ 
$ 3 o 8 5 

(P rice , a b o ve include w ile , t a i ) 
OTHER STATES 

M orning $ .u n b a y ..............................$ 5 .5 1 
$31 34 
$61 17 

M orning O ily 
................................... 
$ 5 2 o $ 2 7 4 7 
$ 5 3 7 5 

Evening & Su n d ay . 
.........................$5 4 5 
$ 3 o 25 
$ 5 8 9 9 
E v e m n g O n ly 
...................................... $4 7 9 
$ 2 6 5 o 
$51 4 3 

Su nd ay O n l y .........................................$ 3 4 8 
$ 1 6 9 5 
$ 3 2 74 

(Subscription, outside T e ,o , ore not ,ub,e<I to ta , ) 

Hom e d elivery m o n thly ro te , in Son Antonio M o rn in g and 
Su nd ay. $3 4 o per month (in clu de, t o ,) 6 doy M o rn in g on ly, 

$ 2 TO pet m onth (in clu de, to*) Su nd ay only — 4 Sund ay — 

$1 4 7 per month (in clu de, toy): 5 Su nd ay — $1 8 4 per m onth 
(in clu de, ta i). 

C O M B IN A T IO N RA TE 
M o r n in g , Even in g , S a tu rd a y ond 
Su nd ay, $ 4 35 per month 

VERY WORTHWHILE SA U N G S 

SUITS 

GGG, LEBOW, H. F R E E M A N , 
G R G S H IR E . K IN G S R ID G E , G R E N A D IE R 

SPORTCOATS 

SLACKS 

TOP COATS 

FURNISHINGS 
AND 
SPORTSWEAR 

HAMPTON 
SHOP 

LEISURE SUITS 

SUEDES* LEATHERS 

BOX SALE 
FINE UNDERWEAR 
SOCKS AND 
• 
HANDKERCHIEFS 

PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE. A lt MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED DOWNTOWN; HOUSTON ST. AT BROADWAY. 9;3o to J;3o Monday thru Saturday SUBURBAN; C i l l MCCULLOUGH, »;3o IO 6:oo Mondo, rh,a Sa,a,day 

 l l 
5 
A 
J 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday Januarv 2 1 9 7 7 
H 

•••£• 4*- 
' '■-** ' 4^ * 
'N jgfefc 

■ 
K l : % 
,4 m r " 
. . *• 

J p I 

■ • I , - A. '• 

► 
. ^ 

 k;, IL 
' A; f 
' 
' " lxs: 
-y>: 

‘ ‘J 
**'’ 
- 

 d ljF 

. 4 f I J g 
\ h f : i< 
: < i ' 

'V t 

Bexar County officials given oaths of office 
ZU 
- 
; ■ j 

' .*. > 
*• «■ 
• 

" ?* 
,x * 
' *> ' 
’ 
5»v \ “ 
<• .vjL.i 
\ 
' v,' 
* 
/'/■’ ? 
, >c! 
, 
, 
4 
< * -*5- ' 

■ 

. ‘ - 
A r 
*'-* • 1 
- 
/ ' 
■ 
V. 
■ ■ VC - mL% ■*. , v„ -SJR . •• • . /••.: • 
. V-r 
■ 
*. 
••:••;■ . ■■ 
•, 
' 
• : 
; 
- •• 
> Y . : \: 
. 5V»*\ 

' 
„• ‘ >’•;•* 
*' 
; > - ' v 

I l l s # ! ® 

O N LY Republican official at the County Courthouse, Jeff W entw orth, is sw orn in 
Saturday as County Com m issioner of Precinct 3 by Judge Charles Barrow 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
Courtesy to the public and watching out for his interests will have top priority in the 
Bexar County Tax Office under new Bexar County Tax Asses- sor-Collector Ben Shaw . 
Those w ere the two ite m s h ig h ­ lighted by Shaw Saturday in brief rem arks to tax office employes fol­ lowing Shaw’s swearing-in by Hist. 
.Judge John Benavides. 
Shaw. who unseated veteran As- sessor-Collector Charles Davis last year, was one of a num ber of now county officials sworn in on New 
Year’s Day at tho Courthouse. 
Several h u n d red frie n d s, s u p ­ porters and office personnel braved freezing tem peratures to attend tho ceremonies and the receptions and at 

 c p r v - 

 l a r g e 
The sw earing-in m onies tire tv crowds* with most parti­ cipants attending all o f them they could reach 

 least one continental breakfast fol­ lowing the ceremonies. 
After he was sworn in. Shaw swore in about half of the 187-person tax force he inherited from Davis. The other staffers will take their oaths of office Monday. 
The new assessor-collector pledged he will try to fulfill his cam paign prom ises to b ring fair and equal taxes to Bexar County. He said he would try to do what’s best for Bexar 
County. 
Shaw inform ed em ployes he ex- 
Huebner: A tale o f 2 cities 
New S.A. manager faces many problems 

By DEBORAH WESER 
What does the immediate future hold for new City Mgr. 
Thomas E. Huebner when he arrives here Monday from his former post in Sacramento. 
Calif.? 
Huebner comes to a city divided on several critical issues, not least the m atter of districting at-large elections for council seats. 
V oters a re b eing ask ed to consider, in a Jan. i) election, a plan designating IO se p arate dis­ tricts from which individual council m e m b ers will run with only the m ayor, as the eleventh m em ber, running at-large city wide 
The present nine-member council is elected at large. 
The special election may resolve the districting issue ii voters e n ­ dorse the idea. That would clear the way for routine municipal elections in April but under the new plan. 
Then again, it may not. lf voters reject the districting proposal, the ensuing local-federal court battle over voting rights here will color all 
Huebner's actions in office. 
Powerless 
As long as the I S. Justice De­ partm ent's Voting Rights Act - an­ nexation complaint against San An­ tonio stands, the city is powerless to hold any elections whatever. 
Districting has been proposed as one way of erasing the complaint. 
The other is a court tight countering allegations m assive 1972 an n ex a­ tions added so many Anglos their p rese n ce now d ilu tes the voting strength of Mexican-Americans and blacks here. 
Since the court fight could go on interm inably, H uebner m ight be left with a hold-over council stuck iii 
City Hall far beyond the April ex­ piration of its regular term 
Poor city 
T h e n 1 is more to chew on: San 
Antonio is a very poor cit.v for the size of its population and its ex­ panding serv ice needs 
The burden of paying for munici­ pal services — in an industry-needy city like San Antonio — lulls with d is p ro p o rtio n a te w eight on the shoulders of the homeowner. 
The only other m a jo r revenue source for San Antonio is its auth­ orized 14 per cent share of annual 
City Public Service gross revenues. 
But that source may bt* drying up, at least slightly, if council decides to put a celling on it in the near future. The city has aireudv r e ­ duced its take from that fountain to about ll |x*r cent annually as a way of easing the heavy utility cost bur­ den on local consumers. 
M ajor b e lt-tig h te n in g on city sp e n d in g is an o th e r b u d g et b a ­ lancer. But with continued growth and the continuing demand for im­ 

 proved city services, that may not be possible without serious political repercussions. 
Revenue Sources 
What new revenue sources are available? The traditional one. of course, is a property lax hike. lf b elt-tig h te n in g or o th er r e ­ sources can't be worked out. it may be one consideration Huebner has to face when he opens the over on next year's budget work book. 
The revenue and spending warn­ ing flag went up earlier this year at 
City Hall. Council didn't like what 
City Finance Dir. Carl White had to tell them about a depleted reserve fund and its possible im p act on bond ratings. 
Huebner. reportedly, is a finan­ cial wizard. It may take a m ajor dollar m iracle to cure this city’s budget ills now and in the future. 
Of course, a little heavy industry w ouldn’t hurt. T axing in d u stry . where it s available, helps spread the cost of growth and progress. 
So Huebner also faces the prob­ lem of shaping some economic de­ velopment component at City Hall, partly in response to this city’s ob­ vious need and partly an answer to recurring pleas from several coun­ cil m e m b e rs for ju st such an economic stimulus at City Hall. 
Growth question 
The bigger headache looming on the local horizon is the question of g row th. F o rm e r City M gr. Sam 
(iranata stumbled over it. 
_____ losing his job in the pro­ cess. 
The in c u m b en t 
City 
Council is sharply divided on growth policy. So is the com m unity at large and som e of th e c i t y ’s own agencies. 
— — 
At issue is where, how and in what direction is San Antonio to grow, if at all? 
Also at issue is the m a tte r of paying for that growth, Will pro­ m oters sponsoring new outw ard d ev elo p m e n t pay for the e x tra roads, parks, utility lines and pub­ lic services needed out there? Or will those costs be borne by pro ­ perty owners already in the city and cu rren tly paying for serv ices to their own neighborhoods — serv ices m any co m p lain a re in a d e q u a te now? 
Determining growth policy with costs is a complex issue Its resolu­ tion won t be easy 
Opposition 

H u eb n er’s appointm ent to the 
$54).oOO-a-year job as San Antonio s 
14th c ity 'manager drew opposition from at least th re e council m em b ers. He did. however, win su p p o rt from a m a jo rity of th e n in e -m em b e r council, including 
Mayor Lila Cockrell. 

Sacramento loses financial wizard 

By STEVE GIBSON 
SP K IAI TO THI I XPRtSS N tW S 
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — San Antonio's new city m anager said Saturday he wants to see the Alamo 
City draw more industry and he will work towards that goal. 
Thomas K. Huebner, who begins 
_ _ _ _ his new job in San Antonio Monday, said the South Texas city is too de­ pendent on g overnm ent. 
I see my role there to try to ac­ commodate a healthy and vigorous effort to draw more industry. I in­ tend to help them iii every way it s appropriate for a city m an ag e r.” 
Huebner said. 
Huebner completed his duties as 
S a c r a m e n to ’s n u m b e r two m an 
Thursday. The controversial and outspoken adm inistrator is regard­ ed by his former colleagues as an expert on local government financ­ ing and organization. 

T H O M A S HUEBNER 

Will the trio s opposition escalate to an tag o n ism or will it sim ply evaporate, leaving City Hall free to concentrate on problems instead of politics? 
H u eb n er’s rep u ta tio n for firm budget control plus the strong role he played as chief city negotiator with employe unions iii Sacramento precedes him here. 
IzKal fire fighters launched their hostile campaign against him even before Huebner arrived to begin his 

It m ay take a m ajor dollar m iracle to cure San A nton­ io's budget ills note find in the fu tu re 

 official duties. 
Will rocky la bor'management re­ lations plague him throughout his 
City Hall tenure? Or are the fire lig h ters stan d in g alone in their battle strategy? 

Routine problems 

Then, there are the routine prob­ lems: 
• Arrival as new top dog on the 
City Hall scene, with a wary bul entrenched staff on hand. Who will be ally and who. antagonist? 
• Settling a family of six (five kids, one wife) into life in a strange city while plowing through a crash course in San Antonio m unicipal politics. Ifs not without reason they call San Antonio “one of America’s four unique c i t i e s .” The who. when*, when and why of it all is a lesson in itself. 
• Setting the stage for some staff changes later that may ultimately 

See PROBLEMS, Page I AA 

Looking forward 

Looking forward to the challenge he faces in Texas, Huebner said 
“ San A ntonio is the first city th a t’s ever lived up totally to my expectations. Boy, what a city...” 
While H uebner is liked and re ­ spected by most of his associates fie leaves behind, he’s considered an­ tagonistic by city employe groups here. 
They lobbied strongly against his getting the num ber one nib at City 
Hall here, when City Mgr. Richard 
L Rathfon retired last spring. 
Huebner's salary in Sacramento was $42.'MIO a year. In San Antonio his starting pay will be $5o,oo9. 
Learned basics 
Huebner learned the basics of p ublic a d m in is tra tio n at the 
Cniversity of Pittsburgh, where he earned a m aster's degree following a three-year military hitch. 
He worked as a budget analyst and ad m in istra to r in San Diego, 
Garden Grove and Oakland before coming to Sacramento seven years ago. 
He served as City Hall’s no-non­ sense fiscal decision maker during most of his te n u re h ere. He is known for his bluntness. 
’’Sure I’m candid,” he admitted 
" I ’m just brutally frank about some things. I call spades spades.” 
As the c ity ’s ch ief n eg o tia to r during the 197o firemen’s strike his sometimes abrasive style made permanent enemies among munici­ pal employe groups. 
“ Perhaps his greatest contribu­ tion is that he’s a questioning per­ son. He not only asks how, but he asks why and on a retirement issue 
(hat was crucial.” said Finance Dir lack Crist. 
Several years ago when the city of 
S a cra m en to w as c o n te m p la tin g changing its retirement system, an 

C i h s o n is C it y 11,, ll re ­ 

 p o r t e r J a r t h e S a c r a ­ m e n t o H e e 

 actu arial I in n prov ided the city with what H u eb n er ca lls “ an inexcusable m ulti-m illion dollar underestimation of its costs.” 
The result was the city ended up with an $Kl million pension Hind deficit which will take more than JO years to pay off. 
“ Such a m is re p re s e n ta tio n in virtually any other profession would result iii both crim in al and civil prosecution.” Huebner said. 

Credited 

As a result of Huebner’s outrage and co m p lain in g s the A m erican 
Academy of Actuaries last sum m er directed its m e m b ers to divulge how they reach their assum ptions and the financial consequences of those assumptions. 
Huebner is credited with helping to fashion a workable ad m in istra ­ tive structure at City Hall here. 
And h e 's also c re d ite d with bringing City Hall s budgeting pro­ cesses into the 2oth century 
Huebner said he was astonished when he arrived on the job iii 1989 and found the city still using a sin­ gle entry accounting system which he termed "a very early 19oos horse and buggy operation " 
Some d e p a r tm e n ts w ere o v e r­ spending and the annual budget was a mass of figures with no program descriptions. Almost no one could understand it. 
“ The firs! lew years he was here he put together a modern prelimin­ ary budget almost all by himself, an extraordinary leat of intellect and stam in a.” said his longtime asso­ ciate, City Personnel Dir William 
Danielson. 
Ile also reorganized tin* Depart­ ment of Finance, instituted a sys­ tem of internal auditing and helped revamp tile Department of Recrea­ tion and Parks and Department of 
Personnel. 

“ It was kind ol an astonishing thing, one of the oldest cities in the stale not having a modern account­ ing system." Danielson said 

“ Bul there s information in that budget now that tells what the pro­ gram s are, the numlier of positions. so the council has a basis for m ak­ ing policy d ecisions,” Danielson said 

 pee ted them to treat the public in *a friendly m anner, rem em bering tax­ payers pay their salaries. He also cautioned em ployes to rem e m b er,, every decision employes m ake ultW mutely comes back to him. 
“ U ltim ately, I’m responsible for any mistakes or m alfeasance," Shaw explained 
"You’re acting for me. When you’r e . up at the window I am at the w in d o w ^ lf you take care of the taxpayers and -» my interests we’re not going to have any problems iii the office.” 
Starting Monday, Shaw said he will he issuing written policy statem ents for the operation of the office. 
Appointments 
Shaw h as a n u m b e r of key a p ­ pointments to make. Prim ary is the position of chief deputy. Mrs Viola 
Griffin, former chief deputy has re- igned, as has Mrs. F la n F en ter, manager of the current tax division 
The new assessor-collector Satur- a.v nam ed Mrs C atherine U t/ to 
Mrs. Footer's old post. Another va* alley was created by tin* resignation ol Mrs. Mary Ann Biggs, Davis' se- retary. 
Shaw said he will advertise for a new chief deputy for (he office. 
Sworn in with Shaw and sharing the reception at the Court house Tra eLodge was Charlie Campos Jr. 
C am pos won 
(he 
P re c in c t 
I 
Courthouse constable's post. and he also was sworn in by Benavides. 
Campos saul he will try to operate lh** office efficiently, economically md professionally. The door lo his if lice is open to everybody, he added 
Saturday also was a political day of rejoicing for the Republicans, with the swearing iii of Jeff Wentworth as punty commissioner of Precinct J. 
Wentworth is the only current Re­ publican officeholder in the Court­ house 
Barrow 
Wentworth was sworn in by Charles 
Barrow, chief justice ti! the Fourth 
Court of Civil Appeals iii San Antonio, 
Barrow quipped, “To be honest. I had hoped to lie in Austin today, be­ ing sworn in myself.” 
Barrow had been odds-on favorite to win a Texas Supreme Court seat but lost to Don Y arb ro u g h in the biggest political upset of the 1978 campaign. 
The new Republican commissioner th a n k e d his p re d e c e s s o r. F ra n k 
V aughan, for help in g h u n in th e transition period and said hi* intends meeting with Vaughan for briefings in the week before the form er com ­ m is sio n er and his wife leave for 
Europe 
Wentworth reiterated his campaign promise to put in full days at county business, whether in the Courthouse or in Austin lobbying for legislation beneficial to Bexar County. 
By its n a tu re , 
W e n tw o rth ’s swearing-in drew the most diverse crowd of the day, equally mixing De-; moerats and Republicans. 
Another new county official sworn; in Saturday was (sh Garza, the new constable for Precinct 5. 
Garza was sworn in by Justice of the Peace J . P. “ Jim m ie” Gutierrez. 

See OFFICIALS Page (AA 
Sunday 
A 'ideas 

Indoors, 
, outdoors, all around the R ive r C ity 

 t roe ** i fin h, a u h - t i t h e r nine auh- 
<nti‘il. for a m a m i soar Ia n n iv la ­ tin v, 
THEATER 
Melodrama Theater’s 
“ Merry C urses or Mistletoe Mort­ gage" at 8:3o p m Tickets are $2 and 
« . 
■ < 
CONCERT Harvey Biskin ntnducW the San Antonio Symphony at J p UC in Municipal Auditorium 
OHAMA San Antonio Conservation 
Society’s Los Pastures at 7 p.m. M i 
Mission San Jose. 
Medicaid cost similar to plans 

N t W 'TO «« S M H S tfV IC t 
WASHINGTON — Medi­ an!, the scandal-plagued g o v ern m en t h ealth pro* 
.-ram for poor fam ilies, may cost ta x p a y e rs no m ore than any p riv a te health p la n s cost th e ir subscribers, and in some rases even less, 
D espite re p e a te d in ­ 

 stances of indifferent ad­ ministration and system a­ tic financial abuse in the 
$19 billion federal-state ef­ fort, figures made availa­ ble in recent interviews with a broad cross section of experts in the Held sug­ g est that p ro g ra m s d e ­ signed for the middle class can be as expensive as Med- 

 p a l m 
THOMPSON 

/Yin/ Thompson lins taken ,\ew ) ear's lhi\ aff', His Sunday column will resume next week. 

(caid, 
The figures are signifi­ cant for all Americans be­ cause of what they imply about maladministration in p riv a te in s u ra n c e p ro ­ gram s and because of what they could m ean in the forthcom ing debate over national health insurance. 

T he d a ta re p r e s e n t a comparison between Medi­ caid and a number of bet- te r-th a n -a v era g e p riv ate plans whose benefits would be at least as good as those m ade av ailab le in most states through Medicaid to welfare families and others too poor to pay m edical bills 

The treatment of the aged and disabled, which repre­ sents the bulk of Medicaid coals, was excluded (rum 

 these calculations because there is basically no com­ p arab le coverage in the private sector. 

Comparison 

W hile M ed icaid is not technically an in su ran c e program — the federal and state governments pay for actual health care rath er than putting premiums into a fund that covers claims — it is treated as one in these comparisons 
The $19 billion is spread over the entire population eligible for Medicaid bene­ fits rath er than just over those receiving the tr e a t­ ment. 
Medicaid costs $1,o8o for a poor family of three with no e ld erly or d isa b le d m e m b ers, while the best 
Blue Cross-Blue Shield in­ 

 su ran ce for federal civil servants with families the sam e size or larger costs 
$1,1o7. Blue Cross recently announced plans to a raise its prem ium s 32 per cent. 

T h e H ealth In su ra n c e 
A ssociation of A m erica, whose profit-making plans cover m ore than half the insulation, says an average fam ily p rem iu m is $84o, only 18 per cent less than the cost Of M edicaid 
A higher quality plan has a p re m iu m of $1,oo8, an amount almost equal lo the 
Medicaid cost. 

T h e 
M ichigan 
Blue 
Cross-Blue Shield plan, one of the most generous in the country t est the a u to ­ m obile m a n u fa c tu r e rs about $1,5oo annually for a 
(amity of three or more 

IT'S COMING TOMORROW! 
OUR SEM I-ANNUAL 
SHOE CLEARANCE 

The twice-a-yeor event which brings outstanding savings on our 
FALL and H O LID A Y ihoe collection. Regularly priced from 1 3 .o o to 4 5 .oo , they are now greatly reduced. Similar savings are of­ fered on apparel, gifts, jewelry and accessories. See our ad in tomorrow’s Express and N ew s for details. 
THE HARRIS SHOP tm PAPPAGALLO 
6JIO IL NEW BRAUNFELS 
Master Charge and Bank A marker d 
STORE HOURS: Mon. thru Sat. IO o.m. to 5:3o p.m. 

82B-2281 

^ 

: d 

L‘ ' 

A 
AND mn m l ^ iH n iP 

Special! 45-pc. stoneware set in 
3 lovely patterns 
39" 

Special value! 45-piece ser­ vice for eight includes eight each: dinner plate, salad plate, cereal bowl, cup and saucer; plus a platter, vege­ table bowl, creamer, sugar and lid. Choose from 3 pat­ terns. China, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

Save 4.oo! Portable protective door stop alarm from Sunbeam 
599 

Originally 
9.99. 
Pro­ tects your home... door stop sounds an alarm when tripped' to warn you of intruders. 
No wires or batteries. 
Portable. 
Small 
Elec­ trics, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Las 
Palmas, Austin. 

Save 35.o1! Keystone 
6-way floor lamp 
49" 

Originally 85.oo. Brass base lamp is 57” high. Has pleated fabric-on-vinyl shade. Adjusts to six different lighting in­ tensities to suit your needs! 
Lamps, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin. 

Save 2o.o1 to 25.o1 on men's sportcoats and blazers in assorted styles 
99 
39" t o59 

Originally 8o.oo to 85.oo. Save on fashion sportcoats and blazers in solids and patterns. Assorted fabrics, including polyester-wool blends and other popular materials. 
Men's 
Sportswear, Downtown, North Star and Windsor Park. Buy now, save! 

Save 3.o1 to 6.o1 on men's long sleeve dress shirts 
o99 

Originally 12.oo to 15.oo. Fa­ mous maker long sleeve shirts in European fit, dual purpose or regular contour styles. In solids or fancy patterns, sizes 
14'/2 to 17, 32 to 35 sleeve lengths. 
Polyester-cotton or polyester. Polyester woven ties, orig. 6.oo to 8.oo, now 3.99. 
Men's Dress Furnishings, all stores. Use your charge card! 

Save 2o% to 4o%! Women's famous brand shoes! 

Originally 
18.oo lo 
42.oo. 
Save on dress, sport and casual styles by 
Palizzio, 
Palter 
Deb, 
Gamins, 
Red 
Cross, Air Step, Life Stride and 
Connie, plus many more! 
Choose leathers, suedes and man-made materials in many colors. Women's Shoes, Do­ wntown, North Star, Windsor 
Park and Austin. Charge it! 

SHOP ALL STORES 

A UNIT or A tm o STORES 

Save 5o% on girls' 
7-14 acrylic sweaters 
Save 1/3 on dressy street length dresses 

Originally 
9.oo to 
15.oo. Assorted styles and colors in broken sizes. All in easy-care acrylics for warmth without bulky weight! Buy several and save! 
Sizes 7 to 14, S-M-L. Children's World, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Las Palmas. Charge yours! 
Originally 
6o.oo to 
1oo.oo. 
Many styles to choose in luxurious fabrics, in­ cluding sheers and sheer-with-opaque combinations. Buy several for those special occasions! 
Better 
Dresses, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. Shop early and save! 

Save 9.o1 to 11.o1 on famous 
_ maker junior fashion pants 
£ 
Save 5o% on Misses' n blouses and shirts 

Originally 19.oo to 21.oo. Dark fall colors and spring brights in polyester gabardine and polyester-rayon fabrics. Sizes 
5 to 13. Junior Sportswear, all stores. Charge it! 

 l ' \ 
Originally 18.oo to 
2o.oo. Select solids 
J and prints in assorted fabrics, colors and sizes. Plaza Sportswear, 
Downtown, 
North 
Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin. 
Save now and charge it! 

Save 1o.o1 to 22.o1 on pants and shirts 

Originally 2.99 to 8.oo. As­ sorted fall colors in solids and prints. 
Several fabrications, shapes and patterns. Access­ aries, Downtown, North Star, 
[Windsor Park and Austin. 

Originally 18.oo to 3o.oo. 
Save on wool, corduroy or polyester pants and shirts in solids and patterns. A variety of sizes and colors. 
Plaza Sportswear, 
/y r 
Downtown, North 
Star, 
Windsor 
Park, Austin. 

 r 

IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

2o% OFF these kids’ novelty print and hooded sweatshirts 

Regular $ 3 .9 9 “ Superhero" 
319 

Regular $ 

 size*. .'I lo < *\ 

( V I . ) 

,9 9 Hooded Style 
99 
3«i/c» 3 lo l> \ 

(S . M . I. ) 

Select long-sleeve sweatshirts with 
Superman, or Batman prints. Or se­ lect drawstring hooded style with front muff pocket. Both sale priced. 

C h arg e it on 
S ears R evolving C h arg e 

< Roth Greeting Cards, Inc. 

Save on . . . 
Girls’ nightwear 

He^tilur S 3 . (M) Gown 

3 a 

 s i z e s .‘t t o 6 X 

G e t t h e s e t r e m e n d o u s values! Girls’ 3-tix in soft, 
Cordelan1o matrix and p o l y ­ ester jersey knit, in prints. 

B ig buys! 

G irls’ and 

B o ys’ flannel 

 plaid shirts* 
259 2 ohms i #»* mmm 
9 9 flit* 
Bl#. 

S o li r o t to n f l a n i n l vli• r t » in un a**orl* im ut of plaid*. I>rt al 

 fo r s c h o o l and |>1a> a l i k e e s p e c ia lly al lh. *m* M'n^alional low pricer*! Conic flock up. 
While quantities last. 

K M IRK STOCK 

Girls* 7 lo I I 

 ta l l and Winter 

OFF 

R e g u la r S 1 .9 9 lo > 7 . IM 

Special Purchase 
Family Athletic Shoes 

- 
9 
7 

I It I It 11 «*Ii - 

R i g H u p 
Men** 
SN om en 
8 97 

Sears 
Where America shops 

T h o u g h nor reduced, Ihe**e t.iMiais are tin exceptional value. 
S o il split leather arui nylon upper. Padded insole, topline. longue, vs itll deeply treaded m illier soh*; lied, yellow or blue. 

P r i e r !* G o o d t h r u 'ft r d . , J a n . 5 t h 

 fck.AK*>, ROMM!. * AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Buck 

I lo h 111o *% it IM ii/ii Sto re 
So li ilm l iii \ lo a r m 
M o o . m ill I bur*. 9;.‘ti 1-9 
M I o th er .h o * 9 j,‘to - o 

>11111 <ii% h r o e Shirr al l*leUNiiiloii Mil. 
M on. thru Sul. 
9 :3 o -9 

I c u n n i Pin 1% Store 
Su n P ctll.l (It I »MI|» I IU 
M on. thru Sui, 
9 .3 o -9 

Troubled 
FBI needs firm m oral leadership 

This is the first o f tu n articles on the problems a f leeting the H U 

N E W YO R K TIM ES S E R V IC | ^ 

WASHINGTON 
- 
With public confidence in its rectitude under­ mined by disclosures of illegal activity, in­ ternal corruption and abuse of power, the 
Federal Bureau of In­ v estigation th at the 
C arter administration will inherit Jan. 2o is in the m id st of its worst internal crisis. 
Under the cautious lea­ dership of its d irecto r, 
C larence M. K elley , the bureau recently began to redefine its mission and to install administrative safe­ guards designed to prevent future abuses of the sort that have sullied its once- impeccable image. 
But the ultimate success of those reform s will de­ pend to a considerable ex­ tent on the man Jim m y 
Carter chooses to head the nation’s foremost law-en­ forcement agency over the next few years, a period of transition that promises to be the most crucial in the bureau’s 5o-year history. 

Moral tone 

It will also depend on 
Griffin B. Bell, the attorney general-designate, who has thus fur reserved to himself his views about the future of the bureau, but to whom the responsibility will fall for setting a m oral tone that will determine much about that future. 
One example of the ele­ ments that can contribute to such a climate was con­ tained in a recent recollec­ tion of Edward ll. Levi, the present attorney general, that shortly after he took office last year he was ap­ proached by an FB I agent who presented him with a request for a national se­ cu rity w iretap and then stood by waiting for him to sign it. asked the agent to leave the request with me - I think, perhaps, to his surprise • so 
_ that I could con ­ sult vvith other of­ ficials in the de­ partment,” the at­ torney general re­ called. 
Although the 
President-elect and Bell have in- dieated that they are con sid erin g keeping 
Kelley in p lace, sou rces close to both men are per­ suaded that the present director has no chance of remaining for more than a few weeks a fte r C a rter takes office. 

CLARENCE KELLEY 

Ju s tic e d ep artm ent lawyers investigating those illegalities have reportedly concluded that they have evidence to bring criminal ch arg es a gain st IO to 2o past and present bureau officials. 
Badly stung 

The bureau has been badly stung by disclosures that J . Edgar Hoover, its late and lor.g-time director, misused his authority in a variety of ways and coun­ tenanced practices by his agents that the Senate Se­ lect Committee on Intelli­ gence Activities character­ ized as ‘‘unworthy of a de­ mocracy and occasionally reminiscent of the tactics of totalitarian regimes. 
‘‘This is what my ch il­ dren have told me was go­ ing o n ,” observed Sen. 
Philip A. Hart, the late Mi­ chigan 
D em ocrat who served on the special Sen­ ate c o m m ittee that un­ earthed many of the abuses. “ I did not believe it,” Hart said. 
The F B I , whose e xecu ­ tives have spent much of the last 18 months testify­ ing before that committee and several others on Capi­ tol Hill, might well have recovered fully from the criticism and public disil­ lusionment provoked by the unveiling of its blemished history. 

The ultimate success o f reform s uill depend con• sisderahly on the m an 
Jim m y Curter clo to sos to head the agency 

But Carter’s bureau dir­ ector will have more than history to contend w ith. The most stunning blow thus far, one with ramifications for the future, has been the discovery that dozens of present and former bureau agents and officials have been caught up in an ongo­ ing Justice Department in­ quiry into the recent use of such illegal investigative techniques as b urglaries and the ‘‘systematic theft” 

Dissatisfaction 
C arter, the sources re ­ called, expressed dissatis­ faction in his cam p aign with the pace of Kelley’s reforms and even said at one point that had he then of government property, been president he would have discharged the direc­ tor for having permitted the bureau's carpenters to red ecorate his suburban, apartment. 
The summary of Kelley's three-and-a-half year ten­ ure as directdr is mixed. He has reorganized the b u r­ eau’s intelligence division, a small part of its overall operations but the one that contributed most heavily to the record of abuse, and has reduced the number of its dom estic intelligence investigations from several thousand to a few hundred. 
But he has, on occasion, been as surprised as those outside the bureau at the reports that some bureau agents and informers have taken part in illegal acti­ vities, in a few instances under his very nose.________ 

Tension 

Tension inside the bureau has occasionally run high as a hand-picked team of agents, known derisively as the ‘ ‘dirty dozen” and working at the direction of the Ju s tic e D epartm ent prosecutors, has been dig­ ging into the alleged crimes of fellow agents. 
At one point, bureau sources reported, members of the special team were confronted by agents in the bureau’s giant Manhattan field office as the special team attempted to remove official records thought to reflect some of the illegal activities. 
That confrontatio n passed without incident, but other sources say that 

LawnsBeauty, 
NURSERY m 
8 6 5 o B ond ara Rood i i A w fu ilin t (Carpel) 
_ _ _ _ _ 

G R A S S . . TULL H U L IT ...................7 
7 
* 14. M 
LISS THAN A TULL PALLI! 
8 7 % * yd. 
FLO* AT AM n*u tAuit 
1.39 m l 

 a t t IM A N A W U M I U t 
.............................. 
1 . 6 o N T # 
LIVE OAK TRIES...tin g le, d o u b le, 
A Triple Trunk.............. 
* I 3 S. ani up. 

Pottery 
S»OWO ry 
B a rit 
P otting Soil 
Indoor Planter* flo w er l ed td y --y 
Large Decorative ta r* 

 l i f t ! 
MI M 

Ope. Dedty 6 - 7 p .« . 
PtOOMCTS 

Tree* 
ItovG 
Seed* 
Steeping Stone* 
G a rd e n in g T oo l* t edding Plow** 

ooo-11 IP 

FBI 

 old friends are no longer speaking in the corridors as some of those under inves­ tigation, granted partial im m unity from p rosecu ­ tion, have begun to testify again st their co llea g u es before federal grand juries in New York City and Wa­ shington. 
As the stream of adverse d isclosures grew from a trickle into a torrent. Kel­ ley struggled to contain the dam age to the b ureau ’s im age and to keep its in­ v estig a tiv e m achinery turning smoothly. 
But his success has not been unqualified, and in some instances his efforts have only exacerbated in­ ternal divisions and futher d im inished the b ureau’s already dismal morale. 
Young vs. old 

And when, out of appar­ ent deference to the bur­ eau’s old guard, he delayed in rem oving N icholas P. 
Callahan as his top deputy, 
Kelley caused some chafing among younger, less doc­ trinaire agnus who saw the old Hoover lieutenant as the last guardian of outmoded and unfair traditions within the bureau. 
Callahan’s dismissal last 
July, a result of his impli­ cation in the bureau’s ad­ ministrative scandals, was followed by the quiet d e­ partures of several other long-tim e o ffic ia ls, and although Kelley has insist­ ed that he was never under the sway of the “ Hoover- ites” it was only after they began to leave that he reorganized the bureau’s intelligence division and its mossy executive hierarchy. 
The shakiness of Kelley’s command up to then, and an object lesson for who­ ever follows him , was il­ lustrated by the director’s acknowledgem ent that he had been “deceived’’ by his aides into b elievin g that b urglaries by bureau agents had been halted by 
Hoover IO years ago. 
J u stice 
D epartm ent prosecutors have since es­ tablished that such burg­ laries have taken place with som e frequency this d e­ cade, a few of them under 
K elley’s ad m in istration although apparently with­ out his knowledge, and they have also confirm ed the rumors of illegal w iretap­ ping by bureau agents that the director once dismissed us “patently false." 
Although assessm ents of 
K elley’s perform ance as the n ation ’s top law -en ­ forcement officer vary, he has received much praise from Attorney (JeneraI Ed­ ward H. L evi, who this week declared that the dir­ ector had done an “ out­ standing” job in effecting a 
“ com plete transformation of priorities in the FBI. ’ 
W hether K elley would have taken such step s without being compelled by the public d isclosures of ille g a litie s and im pro­ prieties is in open question. but it has lately becom e clear that he is committed in his own way to setting the bureau right. 
Som e of that co m m it­ ment has been inspired by 
Levi, a distinguished legal scholar and confirmed civ ii 

Tilt• bureau was badly stun ^ bv disclosures that J. 
Tdpar 
Hoover misused his auth­ ority in a variety o f ways , 

 libertarian, who by ail ac­ counts is distressed at w hat he has learned about the 
FBI. 
But the managerial and organizational reforms that 
Kelly has implemented in recent months will stand as his principal legacy to his as yet-unnamed successor 
Kelley is trying to redir­ ect more resources toward the prosecution of white- collar and organized crime cases, cutting back on the marginal criminal investi­ gations that have for years been the bureau’s staple and have buttressed its statistical performance re­ cords. 
He is liberalizing person­ nel policies, introducing m odern planning tech ­ niques and pushing a career developm ent pro­ gram that identifies and speedily promotes agents with management ability. 
But most important, he has dissolved and bureau’s old dom estic intelligence unit, the fountainhead of many of the bureau’s past abuses, and reduced the number of “ internal secur­ ity" investigations by 9K per cent, dramatically re­ versing the trend toward in creasing p olitical su r­ veillance of Americans be­ gun four decades earlier when Franklin D. Roose­ velt first asked Hoover to m onitor Nazi and Com ­ m unist sym pathizers in this country. 

Hee Monday’s Express (or the history o! FBI abuses 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW$— Sunday January 2 1977 
P° 9 ° 
T-A 

Sears ave 3o% 
Sears semi-annual bra and girdle sale 

For a sm ooth, natural look 
...so ft tricot-side bra 

R eg u la r S 3 ca rli 

Ideal bra for today's fashions because it's so very com ­ fortable and supportive. Sm ooth-seam ed cups with X- eross shaping help lift, round and separate. N ylon tricot. Natural B, C. Contour A, B, C. Good buy! 

 natural cup contour cup 
/ / padded cup 

M ASTEC TOM Y F IT T IN G S ut the f igu re S h op 
M ilitary D rive S to re 2211-atM H 
C en tral Bark S to re 2 2 R -3 I IR 

For a slim, smooth line 

..sleek slack com panion 
25 

Regular 8 7 .3 o 
5 

Get yourself ready for today’s pants with our long-on- control com panion for slacks. W e've trim m ed the price so now's the tim e to buy. Self-fahric front panel helps sm ooth tummy. Have it in w hite or beige. 

Mont s ty le s in white only, m ost in a ll sizes. 

 inn control and pretty to look at: Elastic panels at abdom en, hips, der acetate, nylon and Lycra' spandex Here give all-over control. Zipper hack. ality girdle. VI ith cotton crotch. closure. Elastic cuff top. 
W om en’s size*, Regular SMI Sale ST 

The tulip longleg 
Sale 42* 
H fjtulur §7 

Zipper panty, ru ff top 
Sale 9„8®..... 

Soft panty girdle, som e c o n tr o l 
Sale 6 k® 
'H rftular *«» 

Double self-fahric control panels where you need them : lummy to 

Action leg brief 
SclIC 4 nr«ul«r*a 

Easy stretch leg bands for com fort­ able walking. All round firm control. 
Acetate, ny Ion and hycra' spandex. 

Longline crossover bra 
Sale 5 2k?. 

I are support bra 

 rRui*r aa 
S a le 2for*7 
HrguUr ar. f»«K 

More coverage for the long torso: Adjustable straps, stay-in-place hot crossover stile for lift. B, C cups. tom band, stretch sides, B, C. 

11-cup .......... Regular S'1! Sale 3 .‘13 11-cup . Beg, Sh ca. ‘'ale 2 tor H. IO 

Seamless padded bra 

Sale 2 fo r 8 4o SS* 

Molded cup* help round and sm ooth on. I’erma-I’rest’ bra for easy care. 
Soft stretch frame. Seamless. A, B. 

Smooth lacy cup bra 
Lord tex* bra with plunge 

S a le 2ior$7 JKS 
S a le 2f»r$7 
H rgulsr met* 

Com fortable fit, natural look. The 
P enna-Prest* bra lo accom pany de frame gives sm ooth hodv-hugging fit. colietage. ('.ups lined with thin poly 
Contour style A, B, C. Padded A, B. ester fiberfill. Ny Ion, spandex. A,B,( 

Ht-sular 
1 4 .YO ra rh 

Sweetheart neck bra ru ll figure lira, huck-hooked 
Seamless junior bra 

S a le 2for*7 SBS; 
S a le 2for*6 
S a le 2ror*6 

Natural or contour styles. A, B, C. W c tio n e d cups; elastic frame helps b l|i|d )t up to a nato 
I intern ire Reg. * o Von 1.2o change. A, B, C, r j| fem inine look how plunge side 
.................. Reg. iv' Non I.‘MI 
D-eup.Hcg.8.»..»o ouch Sub- 2 lur hack; stretch straps. A, B cups. 

Sleeping is cozier iii cotton flannel nightwear 
399 

There'** n o th in g q u ite like good old fashioned cotton flannel 

 to m ake you feel snug on a cold w inter's night. O u r tra d i­ 

 tional nightgow n and pajam as com e iii pretty p rin ts, are 

 easy to care for and priced considerately low. Sizes 32 to 4o. 

COAT CLEARANCE 

3 o % 
5 o % 
OFF 
Misses’ and Jr. sizes 

Trimmed and untrimmed dress coats, pant- coats, shortcoats, sportcoats in wools, wool and nylon blends, leathers, and acrylic pile fur-look. A selection limited to the sizes and styles on hand, while they last. 

Tills Al) IS O ! It YURK) 

 ll Im hat ki d li> Scar* Ad­ vertising Policy a lin it re- quire* every advt nisei! item to he supported i i i each More * ith M ifficient m erchandise . . . lf n e should run oui of any re­ duced priced item during lite Mile, we will reorder fur you at the Male price. 
This due* not appl) lo 
Kpccial purchase, clear­ ance- and closeout sab-* w h e r e q u a n t it ic* are lim ited. 

/ 

* i; Pj 
V 

I 

Sears Where America shops 

Salt* priori thru Wed., Jan. 5 
Charge it on Sears Revolving Charge 

SC AHS, H o r HIM K AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Dnanlnw n IMn/u Store 
S o le d a d ut Nm arn* 
M on. and T hu r*. 
All lither duy* 

Military Drive Store ut Pleasanton Rd. 
Mutt. thru Sat, 

Central Park stu n ­ sail Pedro al Loop I IO 
Mon. thru Sat. 

San Ajitorwo EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
IO children rescued as fire kills 8 

M 
' 

 ii 
- 
! WSM 

ANOTHER 4o% OFF! 
FANTASTIC REDUCTION! 

EVERY PAIR AT 
N O W .. 

MANY STYLES! 
ONE-OF-A-KIND 
ODD-LOTS 

OFFER GOOD THRM 
MON., JAN . 3rd! 

SALE STARTS M ONDAY 9:3o-9:3o 
• 73oo SAN PEDRO 
• 694 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
349-6634 
923-9837 
(SHOPPER CITY MALL ACROSS FROM SEARS) shoe stores 
12 BLOCKS SOUTH OF N -w - t o O P 4 1 °> 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CHICAGO 
- 
As flames rushed through the three-story apart­ ment building, IO chil­ dren were dropped sa­ fely to outstretched arms below. 
But later, the bodies of eight persons were pulled from the ruins. 
“ People were yelling ami screaming to save the kids,” said Patrolman 
Robert Drnbniewski 
W ith smoke billowing out of the building, adults leaned out of windows on the second and third floors, shouting to people on the street to help with the chil­ dren, said Carmele Orti/. 
19. who witnessed tin* New 
Year’s Eve blaze. 
Dangled 

Adults grasped the youngsters by their hands and wrists and dangled them out of the windows. 
“ A group of people took off their coats." Ortiz said. 
“ And then the people let go of the children and the children fell into the coats.” 
Ortiz said the children appeared to be unharmed from the fall, but that two 

* HUNDREDS OF 
SELECTED 
ITEMS IN EVERY 
DEPARTMENT 

LIVING ROOMS •DININGROOMS -BEDROOMS‘ OCCASIONAL FURNITURE* 
■SLEEP SOFAS "LA M PS * PICTURES»ACCESSORIES* RECLINERS U P HOLSTERY 

UPHOLSTERED 

8 7 " contemporary sofa loose pillow back and seat, bleck and white houndstooth plaid in wool 

 fabric. 
& 
W a s $569 
A sis 
N ow 
> It9 

86 traditional sofa. loose pillow back and seat, tuxedo arm, kick pleat skirt. Blue floral print on antique white background. 
# j* 
W a s $6o9 
Now 
5369 

8 7 “ traditional sofa by Sherrill. Loose pillow back and seat, tuxedo arm, kick pleat skirt. 
G reen velvet with crewel! Horal design. 
W a s $1214 
Now 
>599 

84 traditional sofa by Heritage. G o ld floral print on block background. 
#• A 
W a s $1772 
Now 
>958 

85 chesterfield sofa in top grain leather by 
Flair! Diamond tufted back, biscuit tufted seat, nailhead trim Rust leather. 
# a a a 
W a s $1499 
Now 
5989 

OCCASIONAL 

Contemporary sofa table by Gam pell-Stoll. Two mirrored glass inserts, parsons style j »a a 
W as $264 as is 
N ow 
5 8 9 

Tubular planter by Keller-Williams. 4 8 “ high, satin aluminum finish. 
A ja ja 
W a s $289 os is 
N ow 
>99 

O va l cannon ball cocktail table by Hekman 
Country pine finish 
* 

W a s $376 
N ow 
5 I 89 

Matching end table to above table. 
W o s $197 
N ow 
>99 

Square, contemporary cocktail table by Keller- 
Willioms. G lass insert top 
Hadley oak finish 
^ 

W a s $619 a s is 
N ow 
>199 

Imported, bombe hall piece. Parquet inlaid top and face, two drawers, antique brass pulls. 

W a s $619 
Now 
$3o9 

BEDROOM 

‘ ‘Trianon" by 
Henredon, 
Traditional 
Italian styling. Triple dresser, mirror, door chest, 2 night stonds. 
Queen size headboard. 
6 pc 

WasU$ 2 o 7 l 
Now $1375 

Henredon “ Circa 
7 6 “ contemporary bedroom in 
Driftwood finish. 
Triple dresser, mirror, drawer chest, queen size headboard, an cf two night stand*. 6 pc. group. 
^ 
_ 
W a s $2o58 
N ow >1439 

Heritage 
“ American 
Tour” Bedroom. 
Triple dresser, mirror, queen size headboard, chest on chest, two night stands. 6 pc. group. 
^ 
_ 
W a s $2454 
N ow >1689 

“ Cross Contree 
French bedroom by W hite. Tri­ ple dresser, framed gold leaf mirror, kingsize splat back headboard, two night stands, door chest, Frgitwood stain finish, 6 pc. group. 

W as $2558 
N ow $1699 

Heritage “ M aracay bedroom. Triple dresser, twin mirrors, door chest, queen size headboard, one night stand 6 pc. group. 
A 
W os $2478 
N ow $1729 f/2 OFF REGULAR PRICE 

DINING ROOM 

Contemporary dining room by Flair. 66 X4o ’ rectangular fable with two 
18“ leaves. Two arm and four side chairs, and two piece china. 
W a s $1573 
N ow 
>989 

Country 
French dining room. 
O val, double 

 pedestal table, two arm chairs and four side choirs, oak finish. 
Z Q Q Q 
W a s $1271 
A s is 
N ow > o o 7 

Contemporary dining room by Drexel 4 4 "X 7 o " rectangular smoke glass top table, 2 arm and 4 side chairs; 2 piece china. 9 Pc. g r o u p j a w 
W a s $2884 
A s is 
N ow >1687 

Drexel Bishopsgote dining room. O val table with two 2o ' leaves, two arm chairs, four side choirs, and matching 2 pc. chino. 9 Pc. group A 
W a , 12618 
N ow $1898 

Drexel “ Vercelli dining room. 64 X 4 4 “ oval 
♦able with two 2 2 “ leaves. Two arm and four side choirs, and china 
A 
_ 
W a , $3464 
N ow $2399 

S A V E 2o% and m ore 

 on alt upholstered furniture 

S A V E 2o% and m ore 

 on all occasional furniture 

Plant stand in new world finish. 
* * j % 
W a s $78 
N ow 
>39 

Accent chair tn Italian motif. Tufted, attached back cusiuon, loose pillow box seat. 
Rose 

W a ;'$ 3 2 3 
N a . 
$165 

W riting table and deck in Country English style 

 by Drexel. Parquet cut inlaid top, distressed oak finish. 
$ 

W a s $628 
N ow 
$314 

High-boy chest from Drexel'* “ ET C ETERA ” col­ lection. Seven drawer storage. Cabriole legs, antique brass hardware. 
. _ — 
W a s $749________________________ Now 
$324 

S/VE 2o% and m ore 

 on all accessories, lamps and pictures 

S A V E IO% and m ore 

 on all bedroom and dining room furniture 

1/2 OFF original price. 

 on many one-of-a-kind and discontinued items 

NEW ACCOUNTS INS/I TED! Installment Klans — Extended Credit. National Credit Cards: 
Diners Club, Carte Blanche, Master Charge, Bank Amencard, American Express. 
Stock only - no special orders! 

 women leaped from the third floor and looked like they might have been hurt. 
Hospitals reported treating nine persons for injuries. 

Last week 

A week ago, on Christmas 
Eve, IO children and two adults were killed in an apartment building fire four miles to the south. 
In New York oil New 
Year's. Eve, a grandmother and three of her grandchil­ dren were killed in a blaze apparently set off by a gas explosion. Six children were killed in a fire in 
Grand Rapids, Mich. Their bodies were found huddled 

 i i i a bedroom, and fire of­ ficials said they died of smoke inhalation. 
The cause of the New 
Year's fire in Chicago was not determined. 
Birthday 

.liian Vargas, 22. who lived on the second floor. said his family was cele­ brating a birthday late 
Friday night. Around mid­ night. his aunt. Conehita 
Acevedo, Til. opened the door to leave. 

“ She started screaming that there was a fire in the hall and all we could think of was how to get out. 
Vargas said. 

He said he and his aunt and uncle. Ramon. 4:1, and their five children climbed out a window onto a sign hanging from the building 
The men jumped the ll) feet to the ground and the chil dren were handed down 
All of the eight bodies were believed found on tin third floor 
Two of them were not identified._____________ 

 s 47 

/ m 

 i: 

Sees again 

JUDY MILLER, who has been nearly blind since birth be­ cause of cataracts, saw her first icicle recently after vision in one eye was res­ tored during an operation. She lives in Mentor-on-the- 
Lake, Ohio. — AP 
Wirephoto 

N Q R TH SO E* Rector St. opposite N. Star Mall* O p e n Mon & Thurs til 9«Phone 342 9411 

Censorship is decreed in Lebanon 

ASSOCIATED mss 
BEIR U T - The gov­ ernment of 
Moslem 
Prem ier 
Salim el- 
Hoss, for the first time using its power to rule by decree, ordered censorship Saturday for all publications in 
Lebanon. 
The newly formed e i g h t - man cabinet was given a vote of confidence and the all-encompassing power by the Lebanese parliament IO days ago 
The cabinet, formed to rebuild t he country alter lh months of civil war. also reduced the number of na­ tional holidays from 25 to 14 and placed all rebuilding projects iii t h e ravaged downtown, commercial sector of Beirut under government control. 
Starts Monday 

I ii a meeting under 
Christian President Elias 
Sarkis, the cabinet said cen­ sorship will be applied by a committee of security police using ground rules laid down by the government. 
Censorship will start 
Monday. 
No mention was made of i foreign news organizations. 

I which traditionally have made Beirut their Middle 
East base. Bul a source at the presidential palace said he believed foreign organ­ izations would come under the censorship decree. 
Cabinet sources said the ground rules would be changed according to the 

 situation i i i Lebanon and the Arab world. 
Initial censorship rules were not disclosed. All news can be partially or completely censored prior to publication, according to the decree. 

Can shutter 
I he committee has the power to close down pub­ lication-, which v iolate cen­ sorship rules. Offenders al­ so may be fined or jailed under provisions of an ex­ isting censorship law which has not been applied for many years 
< ensorship of Lebanon's freewheeling press repor­ tedly was pushed by Syria, concerned over criticism tit its role in imposing a cease-fire to end the civil war. Syrian troops form the bulk of a in iKMi-man Arab 
League peacekeeping force policing the devastated country 

Syrian leaders are insist­ ing on firm action to disarm the warring fac­ tions and crush Palestinian and other Arab radical and terrorist groups operating from Lebanon 
Press sources also speculated Syria. Egypt and Saudi Arabia want control over the last free p re s s in the Arab world to prevent efforts to under­ mine moderate 
Arab states peace negotiations with israel. 
Eight publications in 
Beirut already have been prevented from publishing by Syrian troops who oc­ cupied their offices and forced employers to leave. 
Ecuador takes over 
Gull* Oil property 

 t a w YORK TMM* S it V ici 
QUITO, Ecuador — The property of the Gulf Oil 
Corp. in 
Ecuador has passed to the state oil corporation (C E P E ) in a forced sale caused by what the minister of natural re­ sources described as the rebellion of Gulf against 
Ecuadorean law. 
Gulf held 37.5 per cent of the shares in the Texaco- 
Gulf-CEPE consortium for exploitation of the Amazon jungle oil fields. 
The purchase price is $H2 million, decided on, said the minister. Rene Vargas 
Pazzos, to the satisfaction of both sides during three months of negotiations. 
Gulf had asked for a total of $122 million, to include the value of investments 

 made in the trans-And* pipeline, which brit crude from tile oilfields the east to the new refill and terminal on the Pac coast. 
But agreement on I value of the pipeline vestment has not bt reached, and both CE and Gulf are to accept bibation from an outs accountancy company, was reported The form i time span for payment also still to be defined. 
The dispute that led the takeover started at beginning of 1976 with w the government chan was Gulfs failure to sped Ecuadorean laws quiring cash desposits the central bank based the value of exports. 

 f o l m i m * * * 

S a n A n to n io E X P R tiS S -N E W S — 
S u n d a y J a n u a ry 2 1 9 7 7 
Paae 
9-A 

C O U P O N i & L O I u n 
C O U R O N 
( o i o { f | V V C O U P O N 
C O U P O N 
( M 
W 
C O U P O N 

AUNT LYDIA’S 1oo% KOGEL 
1 
Our Usual 894 
POLYESTER HEAVY RUG YARN ! 
MEN S BRIEFS OR T-SHIRTS 
Our Uwd 
I Irregulars. 
White 
474... 7o yds. 
J J 
1 Taped and reinforced. i f £ % ^ 

Our Usual 5 9 * 
GIRLS1 NYLON TIGHTS 

T-TOPS, KNIT TOPS, 
AND SHIRTS 

Our Usual $ 1 .7 9 
LADIES* A TEENS* BRAS 
$1.6o NEW MAYBEUINE PEARLY 
ULTRA TROST EYE SHADOWS 
35* 
, 
Our Usual 
- 
1 
8 7 4 ... 3.7 ox. limit 12 
W it* 
| 

OOOO MONO AY, JANUARY 3 
|N ) 

S.M.LXl. limit 3. 
6 2 

I Irregulars. White, navy, 
| red, pastels. Sixes 4 ta 6, 7 
I ta IO, 12 ta 14. limit 6. 
3 9 

^ I Irregulars of values 

OOOO M O ND AY, JANUARY S 
(N ) I 
OOOO M O N D AY, JANUARY 3 
(N) 

I $7. Umit I. 
I TICKETED $ 3 ... 

I 

 to 
R V I Q 
I Irregulars. White. Plain and 
NM 
# H O r J padded cups. Stretch straps. 
J J j A jay styles. Sizes 32 to 38 
**•'** | in A and I cups, limit 3. 

OOOO M O ND AY, JANUARY 3 
(N) cups. I 

OOOO M O W A T . JANUARY 3 

I 
I 

IN ) I 

I 
I 
I IO mw shades. 
Limit 2. 
8 8 

OOOO M O N D AY , JANUARY 3 
(NJ 

 i a L a i * * V * C O U R O N j f l i f l j f / t y f C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
$ OLO i £ * * * < ~ O U F » O I M i O L A | I I V 
I C O U P O N i O L A { W W W C O U P O N 
C O U P O N 

Our Usual 294 Yd. 
LACES AND RIFLINGS 
Asserted leers, ruffling,. 

 end seme raters, limit SA yds. 

OOOO M O NDAY. JANUARY 3 

Our Usual 394 
BOYS* SOCKS 
J Irregulars. White or coi- l j ors. Sizes 6-8'/? and 9- 
| ll. Ankle length, limit yd. I 2. 
( N II 
OOOO M O ND AY, JANUARY 3 

Our Usual S I.«9 cuswoNfd sort 
LADIES COMFORT SUPPERS 

MISSES’ DOUBLE KNIT 
POLYESTER PULL ON PANTS 

First I 

(N ) 

Our Usual 274 
INFANTS’ ANO TODOtKftS' 
NYLON STRETCH SOCKS 

I 5-O Z. BRECK 
SHAMPOO 

Amorism . Sins S ta 
IO. limit 

OOOO M O N D AY, JANUARY I 

o7 
I Irregulars of values to 

I $8. Sizes 8-2o. Unlit I. 
I TKKITID $ 3 ... 
I 
M I Irregulars. White and cot- 
• ars. Cuffs and crews. Sizes 

IN) 

I 4 to 6 * . Until 4. 
I 
4 

Norm al 
Dry 
Oily 
Limit 2 

OOOO M O ND AY, JANUARY 3 
(N ) I 
SY, , 
(N) 
I M O ND AY, JANUARY 3 
(N ) 

I 18 SOU DAD 

7ooo SAN PEDRO 

M! 11T AR Y AT f IO R IS 

 ie," 

- 
EVERYTHING GOES! 
ALL WINTER GOODS! 

NEW FOR SPRING 
6o" Polyester Gabardine Stripes 

Bold, colorful stripes on fine polyester gabardine. Newest, $ 1 9 8 most wanted look in Spring fashion. AH full bolts, first quality. 
I yd. 

NEW FOR SPRING 
% 6o” Screen Printed 

Polyester Knits 

I 88 

FALL FABRIC CLEARANCE! 

Florals, muted plaids, and novelties in easy care 

 polyester double knit. Smart Spring patterns and 

 colorings. Full bolts, first quality. 

4 / : , 

45" New Spring Calcutta 

Bottom Weight Sportswear 

$ ] 9 9 
Crinkle texture novelty bottom weight sportswear 

 in a wide selection of newest Spring shades 

Polyester/cotton blend. Full bolts, first quality 
Y *. 

While quantities last. Most items in all stores. 
Group I . . . 

All full bolts, Select from printed pongee. polye»t*r/cotton printed voile, brushed cotton prints printed and novelty gouie, solid sportswear, printed polyester cotton knits, assorted woven polyester Volues to $1.79 yd 
Group l l . . . 

All full bolts Select from solid color voile, printed sportswear 

 polyester/rayon gabardine, solid chino, and twill. 
Printed 

 sportswear, malibu seersucker, Batik prints, bar harbor poplin Many 

 more Values to SI 98 and 42 SO yd 
Group III. . . 

All full bolts, Doeskin brushed denim, foncy polyester wool double knits, Troponto, stitch suede, and more Compole to 43 95 
Remnant Group! 

Our usuoi 59< and 67< yd Values lo SI.98 yd Brushed plaids, cor duroy, gobordme, fleece end more 

Casual Dresses, Skirt Sets, 
Cocktail Dresses, Long Formals and Gaucho Sets 

Irregulars and samples made to sell for $26 to $8o. Sizes 5-15, 8-18, and 14'/z-24'/z. 
Not all items in allssizes or prices. 

TICKETED *13 TO $2o 
TICKETED ’23 AND ’ 25 

$ 3 o ff 

'w 

 off 
J 

2 & 3-pc. Pant Suits, 

Casual & Dressy Jumpsuits 

Irregulars made to sell for $25 to $6o. Sizes 5-13 and 6-18. 

) 
$ Q 
TICKETED 
$ o 
18 . . X Off 
‘2o AND UP .. O off 

TICKETED 

M3 TO 

54” Hercuion Upholstery Fabrics 

M 
B j f l i i K 
$ 1 
5 9 
Heavy long wearing Hercuion quality. Assorted plaids and stripes in decorator colorings. Lengths to 5 yds. Compare to $5.95 yd. yd. 

Decorator Drapery Fabrics 

5 o 

Bolt ends from decorator cutting room . Scores of 

 patterns, colors, textures, and w eaves. 4 5 to 

5 o wide. Values to $ 2 .9 8 yd. 
4 

 v1- 

SIGNATURE PRINT 
KING SIZE 
Fancy 

No-Iron Sheets 

New shipment lust un pocked Comous name blond signature prints in choice of 
C jf" 4 ^ 

------------------------------- 

CARIDGANS AND PULLOVERS! 
Famous Makers Sweaters 

 lr r »qulors notionally ad vert«*d for 313 to $22. Sizes 
S M.L, 6 18 ond 38 44. 

TICKETED (SAMO t a 
. . .* 3 
7 5 i $ > l 7 5 

 only Number! one irregulars of values to 41o.95 

CLEARANCE! AU WINTER 
Dress & Sport Shoes 

Irregulars and first quality of values to $18. little heels, wedges, clogs, pumps, many are genuine leather. Some in narrow widths Most sizes 5 to IO. 

$2 47- $3 59- $4 46 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 
Better Imports & Famous 
Brand Shoes 

Mostly tint quality of volues to $3o Mostly genuine leather S R o.. Cor*Ho, Aipeggto, 
Sandier of Boston, Felipe, Wexwood, Amano ond others. 

FAMOUS MAKERS’ 
Cotton Panty Top 
Panty Hose 

4 8 * 

MISSES’ JUNIORS, HALF SIZES 
Dresses, Skirt Sets, Pant Suits 

 and Long Dresses 

‘ 6 5S 

Irregulars and previous markdowns of values to $35 
Sizes 5-13,1o-18 and )4>6-?4». 
TICKETED $1o............................ 

Irregulars of values to 52 
Betgetones and suntan 
Full cotton panty Sizes 
PAT. 

Girls’ Long & Short Dresses 

 s3 off 

Irregulars made to sell to 
$2o. 
Sizes 
4-14 
Limited quantities. 

TICKETED 
$5 TO $8.......... 

Girls1 & Teens’ Tops & Shirts 

TICKETED 
$ | 2 5 $ 1 8 9 $ o 8 9 

DAN RIVER SHER BLISS 
Nude Panty Hose 
39* 

 liiegulou made to veil to 
$8 
Vies 4 14, 
A 14 
S M I 

Muslin & G a u z e / * 
Dressy & Casual Shirts 
FROM INDIA 
Irregulars nationally advertised for $13 to $22. Sizes 
S M I., 6-18 and 38 44. 
TICKETED $6 
TICKETED $7 
TICKETED SS 
69 
$ £ 7 4 
$ £ 6 8 

Blazers & Shirt Jackets 

 irregulars made to sell to $32. Sizes 5 I 5 and 6 I 6 

TICKETED 
S ^ | 4 9 
TICKETED 
$ 
o 

$ 6 TO $8 . . . 
■ 
$1o TO $15 . . v> off 

FAMOUS MAKERS 
Pants, Jeans, Skirts, 
Vests and Gauchos 

 irrtgufe** 
Bfhirfnifj to SIJ to H I. U rn 5* IS .mf i l l 

TICKETED $« AND $7 
* 4 » : $5 ' s 

TICKETED ta AND $1o 
.. :*8 ,s 
‘ 6 

First quality Preticketed 
52. Beige tones and some others. Sizes P AT. 

DAN RIVER SANDALFOOT 
Control Top Panty Hose 

» « « r 
5- ‘ I " - * 2 

Ladies’ Spring Dusters 

$ 5 5 
° 

Girls’ & Teens Pants, Jeans & Skirts 

TK K ITID S3 IO 1 6 ....................... I o f f 
Irregulars of values to SI? 
Sizes 4-14 and 6-14 

Irregulars of values to $12. Poly ester/cotton. 
Pastel prints and solids. Sutton rn snap fronts. 
Pockets. Sizes S.K.L 

TICKETED 

*9 TO M2 
$ I off 

TICKETED 

*14 AND ‘ 1 5 . . . .* 2 off 

 first quality. 
Pie-ticketed 
52 5o. leigutones, coffee, oft Mock, others. P A T XI 
64’ 

■ 

GIRLS’ AND BOYS’ 
School and Dress Shoes 
Irregulars of vauues to $12. Wedges, negative heels, boots, ties, straps. 
Patent suedes and smooths. Sizes 4 '/j to 8 ond 8/2 to 4. 
$1 69- $ 2 5 5 - $ J 5 2 . $ 4 4 7 

FAMOUS DEFT. STORE DRAND 
Support Panty Hose 
85’ 

Ladies’ Gown Sets 

Irregulars of values to $12. Polyester/cot­ ton. Pastel prints ond solids. Button or snap fronts. Pockets. Sizes S.M.L. 
5 

Seconds o f veluet to 
13 95 l eigetanes, tun 
IWY ond white. P A T KT 

I 

Ladies’ & Teens’ Gowns & Baby Dolls 

USS /^K 

Irregulars of values to $7. Nylon, long # a j q and short lengths 
Pastel prints ond ▼ I ' ® solids. Lace trimmed. Sizes S.M.L 
■ 
J fee! 

INFANTS’ I TODDLERS' SPRING 
Pant Sets & 
Crawler Sets 

Irregulars af volues to 
51698 
Polyester/cotton Two piece sets for boys and girls. Sizes 12 to 18 ond 2 to 4. 

* 6 ” ■ * 7 38 

FAMOUS “ EVERYDAY 

Sandalfoot 
Panty Hose 
4 9 . 
Girls’ Pajamas & Gowns 

Irregulars 
Atryhc ond brushed, long 
. 
, gowns 
Prints ond solids flame j L Q * retardant Sizes 4 to 14. 
I # rn 

Htefulora Nytae 
(elen Irwh • tenon crotch Woe 

INFANTS* 
2-pc. Diaper Sets 

 broader* et ratMs lo U U a ■ A r t 
*e*r**te’tottow 
Redo! (Hen 
J I 
T v tie Mora ten knot 9 lo 24 mon 
I 
Uh 
I 

. — zr r « 
B o o ,w * ............................... 
F T * 
Hi S r O 3 
Archiving Blank** ... 98* 

 ladies I Toons’ Pontios 

I ’ w 
Men’s Dress Flares 
$ Q 8 9 

Irregulars cmd f»r*t q u a lity O u r gsuol 
$ 1 o 8 8 
AN polyester knits. wovorts, or blister weaves 
Chorea o f conven­ tio n a l belt lo op styles or con tin e n ta l w oist bond 
Solids or neat fancies 
Sizes 28 4 2 

FAMOUS MAKERS INCLUDED 
Men’s Dress Shirts 

Irregular* ond ftr*t quality 
P o ly e jte r/to tto n or polyester rn D©kd*, v*rpe», pktad*, or neat prm H 
Button m Pronch cuff Size* M '/ i- l 7. 

REG. 
‘6,98 
*4 
97 
BIG. 

‘ 1.91 
‘ 6 
” 

FAMOUS MAKERS INCLUDED 
Men’s Knit Shirts 

 ta ilo rs mw tint guelrty leey rn then draw wrth soMs, tinpot, prims rn 
SOMAS web toner n m lone* or potyetaer lotto* SM I IL 

RIG. 

‘JVS 

$ o 4 7 
REG. 
S A 6 3 
O 
* 4 . M 
.................... “ 

NEW SHIPMENT 
Men’s 3-pc. Vested Suits 

FIRST QUALITY O f VALUES TO $8o 
Styled cor dot oy in Nu# or camel, brushed denim in navy, rust, or ton, ond 1oo% polyester ten turned woven styles m sand ond medium blue Sizes 36-46. 
Regular only. 

MEN’S FAMOUS MAKERS 
Blue Denim or Corduroy Jeans 

Inoeuio*. oe4 tint ouabtv *1 M e * to SIS SO 
Author^ wetter, yok* Awk with bott loops D t r md live Deck*! ,ryhng 
IW S cotton 
« REU. 
(.olyoslw/cotton pmwai* ceidwoy rn kshre col ors oil with W H #d (tee bottom Mort vtios ‘9.98 . . 

Boys’ No-Iron Flore Jeans 

 first owfty. Our usual $4 98 INstere y«ko bock 
* A A 1 
Md pocAot styiNg P e ly ^ taftay, blends FiemA sd Here bottoms Stees 118 

Irregulars. Our usual $3.98. long sleeve with fancy top yokes and assorted bodies 
Sues S.M.LXL. 

FAMOUS N AM E SALE! A U THREE STORES 

Joan Nato Bath Bubblos 
Long Lasting Bubblos 

 mud • Delightful Fragrant*, log. $5.25 ‘3 
1 5 

 bol. 
Dorothy 
Gray Solon 
Cold Croom 

*2 
9 8 

N o re il-lth e re a 
• Translucent 
Creme M akeup 
• Lash Building 
Mascara 

• 
H O I . 
Moisturizer 
79* 

Allercreme Specials t o r i 

B O Y S ’ 
Novelty Western Shirts 

16oz. Special Formula Dry Skin Lotion 

Sol Cleansing Croom $5 value 
‘3 
IS 

New LSo l Mitcham Pump An tip* rap if ant 
$ I 59 

.page 
1 o -A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
Yarbrough to take oath 

AUSTIN 
(A P) 
~ 
Don Yarbrough, who the 
State Bar says is not fit to be a Texas lawyer, will be sworn in Sunday as an as­ sociate justice of the state’s highest court. 
Chief Justice Joe R. 
Greenhill of the Texas Su­ preme C’ourt will preside at the 3 p m. ceremony in the historic court chambers. 
Yarbrough, 35-year-old 

Houston attorney, was a surprise winner in last 
June’s Democratic primary over Civil Appeals Court 
Judge Charles W. Barrow. 
There was speculation many voters thought they were voting for former Sen. 
Ralph 
Yarborough or twice-defeated liberal 
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Don Yarborough, also a Houston attorney. 

Before the primary Yar­ brough told reporters that 
God told him to get in the race. 
Afterwards, he credited God with bringing him the nomination. 
Yarbrough had no 
Republican opponent in the 
November election and ea­ sily defeated two write-in candidates. Houston lawyer 
Tom Lorance and District 
Court Judge Sam Houston 

WOLFE NURSERY SUPER SALE 
O pen all d a y Su n d a y for your shopping convenience 
OPEN 9:oo o.m. to 6:oo p.m. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY 1o:oo o.m. to 6:oo p.m. 
PLANT BEADING 
FRUIT TREES N O W 
Could bear fruit this year... Choose from: 
PEACH TREES e . o s n ..ii 
2 1 3 ytors old, choose 
A A 
_ 
. . . _ _ from O** O ' iwst varieties. 8.98 aa. 3 for 25.oo 
APRICCT TREES Roaring six *... 

*8.98 OO. 3 for *25.oo 
PEAR TREES Roaring silo, 6 to R ft. tall oaring or cooking varieties 
... 2 to 3 years old. 
*8.98 o..3 for *25.oo 

 t 2o% DISCOUNT ON CERAMIC AND I al IMPORTED POTS. SAN ANTONIO S * 
* LARGEST ASSORTMENT IMPORTED * 
* 
AND CERAMIC POTS. 
* 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * £ 
PLUM TREES 
6 ft. tall, 2 year old. Those are boro root, so y e 1 can inspect roots. Santa 
Rosa and other varieties. 
*1.49 ... 4 
‘5.5o 

’/2 PRICE O N 
PECAN TREES 
WHILE SUPPLY LAST 
Shop early ... limited no’s ... limited varieties. Choose from: Desirable, Mahan, 
Stuart and Burkett. 
‘3.99 
‘5.99 
‘9.99 
‘12.49 
*14.99 
‘17.49 

. . . 
. A 4 to 5 ft toll... 
REG. $ o . 4 y 3 year old ............. NOW 

5 to 6 It. toll... 
3 year old 
NOW 

6 to 8 (I toll.. 
4 yeor o ld 
NOW 

8 to IO H toll!.. 
4 yeor old..... 

IO to 12 ft toll.. 
5 yeor old — 
. 

12 to 14 It. toll... 
5 year o ld ...... 

REG. $11.99 

REG. $19.99 

REG. $24.99 

REG.$29 99 

REG. $34.99 
SHOP I M H . . W I K IV I m u » u n u m N U .ll# OP mu. 

NOW 

NOW 

HOW 

PEAR TREES 
6 ft. tall. Thase are boro root, so you can inspect root, eating or cooking varieties. 
‘1.49 
4 
‘5.5o 
FOLIAGE PLANTS 
Pa 
REG. $3.98 
SCHEFFLERA 
Beautiful indoor foliage ... ap­ prox. 18” tall ... extra bushy 
... Growing in I gallon con­ tainers 

J 

FLUFFY 
RUFFLE FERN 
These are beautiful ... extra heavy ... growing in I gallon containers 

DRACAENA 
MARGINATA 
The ideal exotic indoor foliage plant _ 12" to 15" tall ... 
Growing in I gallon con­ tainers 
3 
97 

 ea. 

REG. $1.99^ 
SHRUBS 
M IX OR M ATCH 
Growing in I gallon cans. 
LOQUAT «. Japanese Plum _ large 

 evergreen 
N O W * J. J 9 
WARILA! ... 
. . evergreen 
N O W 
1 . 1 9 
PYRACANTHA ... Red berried variety . . . N O W 1.19 
EVER* OONK Mf, 
GARDENIA 
N O W • • * ” 
DW ARI CHIME VI HOUY... 15 

 toll bushy........ N O W * 1 . 1 9 

BUE ORD) HOUY ... 36 loll... 

PREPARE YO UR 
FLOW ER BEDS N O W 

COPPERAS...5 lb. b a g . . . * I 

SULPHUR...5 lb. bag ... . * 1 79 

BONEMIAL...S lb. b a g . . . * 2 " 

POTASH...5 lb. b a g .. 
SUPERPHOSPHATE 
...5 lb. boq 

COW MANURE ... weN rotted, weed free, lorge SO lbs. sack. 

* I " sack 5 for * 9 * ° 
SHEEP MANURE .. SO lb. sack 

$| 79 

» | ae 

PEACH TREES! ft. tall, 2 year old. These are bare j root, so you can inspect root systems. iffier varieties. 
* *5.5o] 

Sam Houston and od 
1.49 «, 4 

CAMELLIAS 
Special group, assorted colon. 
The most beautiful of all ev­ ergreen broadleaf shrubs. Loaded with buds, ready to baar tho most beautiful and perfect of all flowers _ Growing in I gallon can. 

‘3 4 , m 
2 for ‘6 *° 
2 for 
LARGER CAMELLIAS 
36 t a ilm a n y in bloom 

‘1 2 9V 

PANSIE PLANTS 
Vtaales 
Giant 
— 
Thase ere beautiful plants, mixed colors „ approx 6 plants per troy 

I T per fray 
3 trays for 
S J 9 5 

SWEET PEA 
SEEDS 
(uttttorHM'i turn# mi iwV, MWW th t* plant IN twl. 35* pkg. 

ARTICHOKES 

Plant now for bast results 

 growing in I gallon cons 

‘1.99 m 2 hr ‘3.5o 

 all gone . first Serve! 
Come 

I sock 5 for * 9 so 

 large red berries .. N O W 
DW ARI Y DUPON HOUY _. 
Ideal border plant 
YOUR *1.19 5 
CHOICE 

NOW'1.19 

*5.5o 

MICHIGAN PEAT „ Block maist peal. Vi cu ti bog Highly acid 
99* wk 5 for *4'* 

POTTING SOH ... 2$ ft. bog prepared mix 

12s. 
I sock 3 for * 4 ™ 

IU D YOUR U W N MOWI 
FOR URLT GRUN U W N 
GREEN GRO U W N FERTILIZER 
Fortifies root growth to protect and heap your lawn and shrubs beautiful ad winter 
$o lbs. sock feeds 1,25o sq ft. 

A SP A R A G U S RO O TS 
Mary Washington Crowns 
3 9 ' 3 - ‘1.oo 
RU BA RBS 
Victoria (/awn 
‘1.5o 

PHOTIC! PUNTS 
FROM COLD 
PLASTIC SHEETING 
FOR MAKING YOUR 
OWN GREENHOUSE 

2 MIL 
Clear I '/V wide IO ii *17.5o 
” 

4 MU 
I wide, Clear and Block 
W h» 13.5o « 
IO 1 wide, Clear mid Block 
25 h. *1 7 .5 o 
» 

6 MIL 
8 wide, Black and Clear 
25 n ‘2 o OO 
IO wide Cleo# J<*e Bloch 

» - ‘2 5 .o o 
‘3 

14'wide, Clear 4 o * *35.oo 

16' wide, Clear 45 n ‘4 o .o o 
15 

ROOT STIMULATOR 
Use GRilN LIGHT ROOT VflMUUTOR 

_ Take the bad luck out at planting plant with confidence. Quart 

 makes l f gallant 
* 4 * 1 9 

 of Denton. 
Yarbrough is a defendant in 15 civil suits including one bv the State Bar seek­ i n g lo take away his lawyer’s license. The dis­ barment suit, which has not been brought to trial, lists 
53 grievances including 12 alleged acts of professional misconduct and eight violations of state and federal law. 

Yarbrough said the State 
Bar prosecutors are a bunch of ego-jerks and predicts he will serve every day of his six-year term. 

Yarbrough has hired former state Atty. Gen. 
Waggoner Carr to defend him in the disbarment proceedings. Carr repre­ sented himself in two criminal trials in federal court on charges of fraud and conspiracy that grew 

 out of the Sharpstown Bank scandal and was acquitted at both trials. 
Cprr says Yarbrough has been abused by people in government. 
Ask guidance 

At one of his few fews conferences, Yarbrough told reporters that he would ask God to guide him as a supreme court jurist. 
“ I put you on notice now that insofar as my vote on any issue it will be inter­ preted in accord with God’s word,” he said. 
Yarbrough's only previous political venture was an unsuccessful primary race in 1974 gainst 
Treasurer Jesse James. In 
1964, he served as general counsel for the Texas Water 
Development Board. Prior to that he was an attorney for the Campus Crusade for 
Christ. 

Dime coffee down the drain 
HELEN RUSSELL serves some of the last 1o-cent cups of coffee sold at 
Maynard's Bakery and Luncheonette in West Springfield, Mass., as customer Alaric Dumais looks on. She thinks the shop is the one of the last places in the U.S. selling coffee for a dime. Monday the price will jump to 
15 cents a cup. Steep wholesale coffee price increases are blamed for the higher charge. — AP Wirephoto. 
Review o f sentencing urged 

Vs PRICE ON A U 
CHRISTMAS ITEMS 
CONTINUES 
W* keep cutting prices till i!s| first 

BLOOMING 
CHRYSANTHEMUM 
PLANTS 
VbUow or Whit* 4 pion!* lo pal 
$ I OO 
I par pat 
UMIT 5 
{Gip OHR Bring Hut coupon) 
(Good Jan. 2no A 3rd.) 

R IO . 9 8 4 
O N IO N SETS 
Wlnta-YaMow ani Bod, BO ta 
IOO tan la pkg 
6o* pkg 
UMH 5 
(Chp an4 Bring thn coupon) 
(Gook Jan 2m I B 3r4 } 

HEDGE PLANT 
Am auf Bt vor Pm ti, 4 lo 6' 
Saki 4nm**11 arms! MMfeMHMmn fxWHB# w^BSwvf IwVT RfwlBfBPWW, 

7 
8 
* aa. 
UMIT IO 
(Clip anR Bring thn coupon) 
(GaaR Mn Imi A Jf 4 ) 
HHH 

I ' « untie fCltjp wad ii (rift Hu* t import) 
(Goad Jan. 2nd B Srd.) 
H H 

‘2 a. 

 o n r n l T f c a 

R E O . $ 1 . 9 9 
DAZZLER HOLLY 
J 
Larga Not avorgroan, Anan 
E , lory# rad barrio*, growing rn 
— 
I gat. can 
J 

8 
o 
* aa. 
UM I! 5 
(Clep and Bring I hit coupon) 

(Good Jon. 2nd B 3rd.) 

$ 2 9 9 
SPRENGER! FERN 
CoNod 
Aaporagut fora, m n iargt, growing m I gal can. 
9 I SO 
I aa 
UMIT 4 
(Chp and Bring M m coop an) 
(Goad Jan, 2nd I 3rd.) 
, 
I M M U 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON 
- 
Chief .Justice Warren 
Burger said Saturday some way must be found to review’ widely varying sentences gi­ ven by different judges to defendants who should be sim ilarly treated. 
Burger cautioned, how­ ever, in his annual year-end review, that any such procedure must be fa­ shioned so as to avoid further overburdening of the Courts of Appeals. 
The chief justice noted that the Advisory Commit­ tee on Criminal Justice of the Judicial Conference of the United States has proposed that the federal circuit courts of appeals review sentences, above specified levels of severity, given by federal district judges. 
Review 
The circuit courts now review convictions, in cases which are appealed, but do not review sentences. 
While neither endorsing nor opposing the recom­ mended change, Burger said the circuit courts al­ ready have impossible ca­ seloads. 
The advisory committee will hold public hearings 
Jan 13-14 in Washington on the proposal, which has drawn a mixed reaction from appeals court judges. 
William Foley, deputy director of the administra­ tive office of the U.S. 
Courts, said some jurists have favored such review but others have argued that sentencing should he left to district judges since they have the facts before them. 
Conference 
Foley said the proposal might be submitted to the full Judicial Conference in 
March. The conference, a policy-making body for the federal court system, works with advisory com­ mittees made up of judges, practicing attorneys and law professors. 
“ Discretion in sentencing has been a double-edged sword.” Burger said. "It permits the judge lo ac­ commodate unusual c ir­ cumstances relative to each defendant But this some­ times results in defendants who ought to be similarly treated receiving substantially dispaiate sentences. Some form of review procedure is needed to deal with this dilemma," 
Burger also said in his report that unless federal judges and high-level government administrators 

 get a pay raise, there will be an increased brain drain which it will take a generation to repair. 
To avoid such a drain, he said, the recommendations of the Commission on Ex­ ecutive, Legislative and 

 adopted essentially as made. 
The commission has recommended that U.S. 
District Court judges’ pay be increased to $62,ooo a year from $42,ooo, that of judges of the circuit courts 

 preme Court Justices to 
$75,5oo from $63,ooo arid the chief justice to $8o,ooo a year from $65,6oo, 
Burger said federal judges and administrators in the upper ranks have not had a pay raise in seven 

 employes below the top echelons have received in­ creases of approximately 7o per cent. In the past three years, he said, more feder­ al judges have resigned to return to private practice than in the previous 5o 

•* 
, yt 
^ -tv 
5* : 
Y r .gtig'- 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 

I . I 5o7 RU IZ 2. 7oo7 SA N PEDRO A V T ‘ 
3. 37oo B R O A D W A Y 4. 6714 SO H O R E S 
5 
1134 PAT B O O K ER RO U N IV E R S A l CIT! 
6. 88o2 P ER R IN BEITH RO 

Kelly AFB boss lauded 
Ma).Gen. John R Kelly has received a commendation from the Small Business 
Administration for his out­ standing support of the U.S. 
Government’s Small Busi­ ness Program 
Kelly is the commander of the San Antonio Air Lo­ gistics Center at Kelly 
AFB. 
During the 15-month Fe­ deral Government fiscal accounting period ending 
Sept. 3o, the SA-ALC ac­ counted for more than $7 million in awards to min­ ority/disadvantaged small business concerns. 
Baby born; ny 

 n o b o o m 
PRO V ID EN C E, 
R I . 
(AP) — The first baby born in Rhode Island in 1977 was the seven-pound, eight- ounce son of Dr. and Mrs. 
Patrick T. Conley of Cran­ ston. 
The father, chairman of the state s Bicentennial 
Commission, said; " I was hoping the baby would be born an hour earlier so 1976 would go out with a boom.” 

 r r 
W A t e ‘V o . r n 
W q O C L E A R A N C E 
A 
S A L E O 
SAVE 2o% TO I /3 AND MORE ON 

STUDENTS - BOYS AND MENS CASUAL FASHIONS 

SHIRTS - SUITS - JEANS - SWEATERS - LEISURE WEAR 
SA V E 2 o % 
Entire Stock Boys Short Sleeve Knits. Collar or crew neck styles in solids, stripes novelty patterns and prints. Mens Short Sleeve Sport and Knit Shirts ,n strpes, prints and novelty patterns. 

Boys: Size 8 to 2o 
Mens: Small - Medium - Large. 

REG. $3.5o TO $17 
N O W 
* 2 8o TO $1 3 6o 
SA V E 2 5 % 
Entire Stock Jackets - boys nylons - corduroys in assorted colors also all weather coats with zip out liners. Mens nylons, corduroys, vinyls, and leather jackets. 

Boys: Size 8 to 2o. 
Mens: 36 to 44. 

REG. 17.95 TO $75 
N O W 
5 I 3 * 6 TO $5 € ? 25 
Entire Stock Sweaters — boys solid and pattern cardigans patterned pullovers — mens in solids — ski looks and patterned bull y knits all are easy care acrylic. Size: 8 to 2o and Small - Medium - and Large. 

REG. $1o TO $3o 
N O W 
$T*° TO *22*° 

Entire Stock Long Sleeve Sport Shirts choose from fashion plaids, stripes and westerns. Also assorted patterns in polyester — cotton blends or 1oo% polyesters also chambrays. Size 8 To 2o and Small - Medium - And Large. 

 s 6 7 5 t o ‘ 1 1 ” 

5 7 * 7 7 o S 1 
5 

BOYS: REG. $9 TO $ 15 
N O W 

MENS: REG. 1o.5o TO $2o 
N O W 

SA V E 2 5 % 
ENTIRE STOCKS THREE PIECE VESTED SUITS — TW O PIECE 
DRESS CASUAL SUITS. CO RDU RO Y OR DENIM CO -ORDINATES 
SIZE 8 TO 2o ANO 36 TO 42 
BOYS SUITS 
BOYS TOPS 
BOYS BOTTOMS 
MENS SUITS 
MENS TOPS 

MENS VEST 
MENS BOTTOMS 

REC. $42 TO $8o 

R IG . $11.75 TO $25 

REG. $9.25 TO $16 

REG. $8o TO $1oo 

REG. $47 TO $53 

REG. $13 TO $19 

REG. $17 TO $25 

N O W *311o t o *6o 
N O W *88' t o *1 8” 
N O W *6” t o *12 
N O W *6o t o *75 
N O W *35” t o *39” 
N O W *9” t o *14” 
N O W *12” t o *18” 
SAVE 1 / 3 
ENTIRE STOCK LONG SLEEVE KNIT SHIRTS 
Choose from solids embroidered, novelty trims, many colors and styles to choose from. Size 8 to 2o and Small - Medium and Large, 

REG. $5.5o TO $2o 
N O W 3.67 TO * I 5 
BOYS JEANS 
Super buy Mann iron jeans • permanent press 5 o % polyester, 3 o % nylon, 2 o % cot- ton, best boys jeans around, navy denim or twills in blue, brown or green. Size 8 to 
16 Regular or Slims. 
A 
_ 
REG. TO $8.99 
N O W * 5 
JACKETS TO MATCH 
REG. TO $12.49 
N O W ^jf99 
STUDENTS A N D Y O U N G MENS JEANS A N D DRESS PANTS 
Entire stock prewashed denims by Levis and His. Entire stock European style dress pants, some Levi corduroy jeans and novelty patterns and styles in prewashed jeans and others. Size 26 to 36 waist. Not all styles in all sizes. 
REG. $14 TO $16,5o 
N O W * 8 
" 

REG. $17 TO $21 
N O W * 1 
o 
" 
YO UNG MALE W ORLD 

 fflSfiS 
3)31 NACOGDO CH ES 
MACARTHUR K A Z A 
656-18o2 

273 CENTRAL P A R K 
AC RO SS FROM lU R Y 'S 
344-6738 

■Mf *•’ '' 
V Ii Of 
«, «. *, *. n m f y ? y » y y y v v v v y v 
•». *5,~ < 
-• •*. 
■<. *» *. **. «. *« '* •*. «»’ • *. 

Hobby: We can avoid new taxes 

ASSOCIATED CRESS 
AUSTIN — Legisla­ tive sessions, notes Lt. 
Gov. Bill Hobby, after surviving one, “ deve­ lop lives of their own.” 

Despite their unpredictu- be nature, however. Hobby says the 1977 Legislature won’t be forced to look for n;w or additional taxes. 
The last tim e the legislat­ ure had to raise tuxes wuc 
UTI. and Hobby says. " I 
.in assure you that it w ill 
Ie at least 1979 before this possibility is faced again.” 
Envied 

T exas' fin a n c ia l 
-jtuation, in fact, “ is the civy of the other 49 states. 
. >i\s Hobby, alluding to an tweeted tax windfall of SU 

 t i 11 lo ll. 
Hut even with those extra 

 a c c o r d i n g 

 riches to spend. Hobby s a y s . the le g isla tu re w ill have to make some of its 
“ toughest decisions ever to hold off new taxes. 
The math to support his 

Text! s ' f i n a i i c i a I nil n a t io n ’is tho oil ry o f tho ot Ii or st a ton lo Hobby 

 theory is simple: demands lor the public dollar total $5 billion more than they did two years ago. 
The requests are so high that Hobby has given up hope of s e ttin g aside 
$3oo,ooo for emergencies, which was firs t proposed prior to the 1975 session. “ It was and is a real good id e a .” he said in a te le ­ phone inte rview , “ but it just isn t the way life works.” 

Sunday Special 

N O O N T O e : O O p m 

ALL THE FRIED CHICKEN YOU 
CAN EAT! r 
TOOD 
Shamrock 

Station 

With all the trimmings, 

 per person 

After 6:oo P.M. til 1o P.M. 

$3.5o per person 

Nl Loop MotO 

T U M L o f t # 

L o o p 41o 

Alf pod 

494-3552 

431 I. North loop Road tV i mite* Sorts «| lapp 41o 
«H Im NO* 

Hobby w ill w ork w ith virtua lly the same cast of senators who were here in 
1975. The only apparent m ajor change in the com ­ mittee structure w ill Ik* to replace M ike M cK innon. who was defeated for re ­ election. with Sen. Peyton 
M c K n ig h t. 
1>-Tyler, as chairm an of the subcom ­ m itte e that screens the gov ernor's appointment. 
His special in te re s te d center on the num erous recom m endations of the 
“ Hobby 
C o m m is s io n ,” which has boon scrutinizing state agencies since the last legislature to cut out un- necessary expenses. 
One proposal is designed to reduce state employment by five per cent. 

“ It is tim e that we de­ em phasize g ro w th and strive to achieve some de­ gree of .stability i i i the cost of state government and i i i 
I Im* burden which that cost places on ta x p a y e rs .” 
Hobby says. 
Consolidation 
A proposal to consolidate 
Texas’ three w ater agen­ cies would save “ a couple of m illion dollars,” Hobby says. He expects s im ila r benefits if the legislature agrees to realign four state agencies, in c lu d in g the w e lfa re department and youth council, into two. One of the proposed new agen­ cies would deal w ith the problem s of a d u lts , the other with children and youth. 
On other m a jo r issues. 
Hobby feels that. 

 p 
Most o| the opposition has been c u re d ” lo Hep 
Wayne Pevcto’s properly tax re v is io n *, w inch i i i * 
| dude establishing a single assessing office in each county. 

• The .Senate w ill balk at any proposal to perm it wiretapping. 

Save on all sheets and pillowcases in our entire stock. 
Whites, colors, and fashion prints. 

JCPonnGy 

McCreless o Northwest o South Park o Windsor Pork o Terrell Plata o Downtown 

Clayton: 
Session to be low-key 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Speaker Bill Clayton sees it, the 
PITT House will be a moderate lot, primed for action on middle class Texans’ complaints about school taxes and high crim e rates. 
Clayton predicts a school finance package that w ill m andate pro perty tax reductions by school dis- lriots and predicts passage of anti-crim e b ills backed by himself and (lev. Dolph 
Briscoe. 
And there w ill he no ser­ ious attem pt to buck the governor on 
“ no new taxes." Clayton said in a pre-session interview that touched on several major issues. 

Unopposed 

Clayton, 4X. is unopposed fo r a second te rm as speaker when the leg isla ­ ture convenes on Jan. 11 
W hile labor sees the 
House as more liberal than ii was two years ago. Clay­ ton counts three or four m ore oonserv ativ e v oles but says “ both sides have moderated somewhat to the center.” 
The speaker said all the major proposals for school fin a n ce —and there are about five of them —ap- roach the question s im ila r­ ly. Beef up total state aid, reduce local shares of the 
Foundation School P ro g ra m . and base local contributions on m arket value of taxable pro p e rty. 
X " I think we vvill find the magical numbers to plug in and have a p re tty good 
School finance b ill th is 
Mime.” he said. 
State funding 

Ile predicted that state 
“m uling w ould increase rom about 75 per cent to a tween 99 and IOU per cent 
• I the to ta l, w ith a 
U lu la tio n that local dis- ne ts lower their taxes. 
‘ lf most legislators had he c o m p la in ts I ve had rom property taxpayers. I vouldn t he a hit surprised f we get some mandate for ewer taxes passed.” Clay- on said. 
Clayton and Briscoe have imposed sim ila r packages 
•I crime control legislation. 
Deluding the ust* of oral fonfcsMons as ev idence, procedures for w iretaps, 
■restriction of bail, harsher 
* penalties for crim es com ­ mitted with guns and man- 
.iii tory supervision of ex- 
^tjhnvicts alter their release from prison. 
This i i one of the issues that is among the top in public concern." Clayton i said. 

F i r s t off s « r i r s 

This and the accompanying story on It. Gov. Biti 
Hobby are the first in a seven-part series on prospects for the legislative session that begins 
Jan. I I . The series will continue in this week’s 
Express 

He predicted the House would at least make a start in allowing prosecutors to introduce defendants’ oral remarks — as remembered by policem en 
— as evidence in trials. 
Crime legislation 

“ I think the m ajority of the anti-crim e legislation presented th is tim e w ill pass. Hoople around the stale are not just telling me this. They are te llin g the m em bers,” Clayton said. 
He said control of crim e is im portant for the state's economic development. 
On a recent tr ip to 
Cleveland to promote Texas as a location for industry, 
Clayton said, “ I learned that one corporation a s k s before it moves in. ‘What is a com m unity's num ber of unsolved crim e s and number of m urders?’ ’ A high rate of violent crim e makes it hard to attract and keep w o rke rs, m any of whom must work at night. 
Clayton explained. 
C layton predicted that 
Briscoe won t get the $H25 m illion transfer of general revenue to highw ay C O U ­ 

LT. 
G O V 
BILL 

H O B B Y 

 st ruction that he requested. 
He said the final figure w ill be somewhere between that figure and the $135 m illion recom m ended by the 
Legislative Budget Board. 

Highways 

Clayton, a member of the board, views the board’s recom m endation as “ a pretty good indicator that just because the highway department asks for more, that doesn't mean it is go­ ing to get it." 
He said he has no qualms about holding most agen­ cies' budgets near present levels — “ I think they can deliver serv ices to the peo­ ple at those levels.” 
But he would like to see tig h te r controls over how the money is spent, perhaps through between-sessions ove rsig ht by e ith e r the governor or an arm of the legislature. He is having a constitutional amendment drafted to give such power to the go ve rn o r and has asked for an attorney gen­ eral's opinion on legislative oversight. 
On other issues, Clayton said: o He looks for law yers and doctors to resolve their d iffe re n ce s and fo r the le g is la tu re to pass some kind of permanent means of enabling doctors to get m alpractice insurance at reasonable rates. o E m in e n t (Ionian fo r coal slurry pipeline rights of way “ could come down to a hitter fig h t" between the utilities that want the coal s lu rry lines and the r a il­ roads opposing them. 
A b ill setting up a per­ manent system of p re ­ s id e n tia l prefe re n ce prim aries probably w ill be considered, and ‘ T am hopeful we institute a pre­ sidential prim ary — I like it.” o Legislation standardiz­ ing the property tax system and placing assessment in a sin gle o ffic e in each county probably w ill pass the Holist*. 

 jScinAnitonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday January 2 1977 
Page I I -A 

Sale 1.96 TWIN 

Reg. 2.79. W h ite m uslin; no-iron white cotton/polyester sheets. Full; reg. 3.59, S a le 2 .96 
Pillowcases, pkg. of 2; reg. 2.o9, Sale 1.96 Flat and fitted sheets are the same price. 

Charge it, use your 
JCPenney charge card. 

Sale 2.89 Tw,n 
Reg. 3.99. Alice; beautiful field flowers gathered together on no-iron cotton/polyester percale 
Full; reg 4 99, Sale 3.89 
Queen; reg. 8 49. Sale 6.93 
King; reg. 1o 49. Sale 8.93 
Pillowcases, pkg. of 2; reg. 3.99. Sale 2.99 
King cases, pkg. of 2; reg. 4 79. Sale 3.93 

S3l© 1 .99 Twin 

Reg. 2.99. Needlepoint; lovely floral print in a cross-stitch framework, on no-iron cotton/polyester muslin 
Full; reg. 3 99, Sale 3.24 
Queen; reg. 7.99, Sale 5.98 
King; reg 9.99. Sale 7.98 
Pillowcases, pkg. of 2; reg 2 99, Sale 2.24 
King cases, pkg. of 2, reg 3.99. Sale 3.68 

Pantweight crinkle. 
Sale 2.39 yd. 
Reg.2.99. “Calcutta" cotton/ polyester makes terrific pants, skirts, jumpers and dresses. 
Great new bright colors plus navy, natural, and chambray blue. 44/45" wide. 

Broadcloth solids. 
Sale 1.o3 yd 
Gauze look prints. 
Sale 1.59 yd 

Reg. 1.29. Great separates looks get going in smooth crease-resistant polyester/ combed cotton. Team up jackets, pants, skirts in white, red, chambray blue, and other favorties. 44/45" wide. 
Reg. 1.99. “Safari" cotton/ polyester gauze in colorful prints that coordinate with our pantweight solids. Choose florals, paisleys, plaids, rainbow stripes, more. 44/45" wide. 

Broadcloth prints. 
Sale 1.27 yd 
Reg. 1.59. Match-up prints of no-iron cotton/rayon include calicos, folklore and patch­ work looks, children’s designs. For blouses, yokes, vests, jacket linings and trims 44/45" wide. 

Page 
I 2-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

2o% off all print draperies. 
So you can pick roses, tulips, and lots more patterns. At lots of savings. 

2o% off easy-care fabrics. 
So you can sew up awardrobe of fresh spring coordinates. 

Sale 7.1o to 31.2o 

Reg. 8.88 to J39 

W e've taken every print drapery in our entire stock and 

 marked it down a full 2o% . So you can bring Spring indoors 

 early, and get great savings too. You'll find florals, plaids, historical prints, and more. Many easy-care, machine 

 washable; some with thermal foam backing. A wide selection of sizes and colors. 

2o% Savings on beauty for the bath. 

7ox72 
Sale 4.79 

Reg. 5.99 Solid color vinyl shower curtain has decorative shantung look. Includes match­ ing fringed valance. 
45 ‘ or 54" window curtain; reg. 5.99 Sale 4.79 pr. 
Sale $12 
Reg. $15. Fancy swag ensemble is flocked acetate tricot laminated to vinyl back. 
Matching 12" valance with bali fringe; reg. 2.99, Sale 2.39 
Matching 45" or 54” window curtain; reg. 6.99, Sale 5.59 pr. 
7ox72" all vinyl shower curtain; reg. 6.99, Sale 5.59 
JCPenney 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

/ / v '5 ; . i v 
* y 
* 
-J y .v •# t i <• y # 
-' « .» rf rf . 
* * 
V 
* 
» 
* 

South Park Mall 
923-5461 

UniPerm sale, 18.88. Reg. $25. For men and women. Great body with a bonus: most-natural-ever curl, look, feel. 
Protein© perm seie, 14.88. Reg. 17.5o. it s so good for your hair. 
Conditioners give you great body, bounce, shine. 
All perms include shampoo, cut and styling. Not recommended for bleached hair. 
No appointment necessary. And you can charge it. 
The JCPenney Styling Salon 

2o% off custom woven woods. 

Crisp, uncluttered looks, perfectly suited for con­ temporary rooms Versatile, too Use them for win­ dows, room dividers in any room. Dozens of colors and combinations available 

2o% off all our custom vertical blinds. 

The greatest thing to happen to windows and room decor in years. Choose from an incredible array of colors to add a touch of new drama to your home Side or center draw 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 9 77 

Our everyday low prices on custom shutters make redecorating easy. 

The perfect finishing touch for any room Made exclusively to your window measurements with fabric inserts or louvered slats Paint, stain, or leave natural We install them, too. 

For JCPenney custom decorating service call 9 2 3 -5 4 6 1 or 6 5 4 -1 5 5 o 

Turned candlestick lamp in antique brass finish with walnut finish wood insert 34” high. Reg. $65 

Sale $28 
Country cream temple jar, hand decorated china. 23” high 
Reg. $35 

Sale $256o 

Ceramic spice jar in white, coffee or buttercup 2o" high 
Reg $32 
2o% off every table lamp 
$2o and over. 
From country to classic. 

Distinctive lamps add a warm glow to any room, all with coordinated shades 
At these prices they re fantastic buys. 

Sale $32 

Bristol glass ginger jar on matching metal mount 
Pale yellow, sky blue 32' high Reg $4o 

JCPenney 

Charge it, use your 

JC Penney charge card. 

South Park M all 
W indsor Park M all 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 977 

V M M M U OMC COUTO* 

MILLERS UNPROCESSED 

 b r a n ! 
4 OZ. BAG 
VITAMIN C 

N a 
994 
5oomg 
$199 
I IOO 

 with 
Rose 
Hips 

25o-54 75 
No 
992 
1ooomg 

$ o * 9 

V 
1oo 

 with 
Rose 
Hips 

YOU SAVE tic 

CO M PARE 

Ascorbic 
| 1oO 
Acid 
25o -S3.7o 

KED mg. 25ii 

Ascorbic 
Acid 
25o-58 39 

Y M U M H GAC COMPO!! 
TUPELO 
£> ■ I 
HONEY 5 

5 lb. CAN 

 omit om expires jaw ji un 

GERITOL to 
GERMEN 
LIQUID 
$J85 

COMPARE Squibb 
Theragran to 
Therapeutic 
Multi-Vitamins 

C O M P AR E 
MUES 
ONE-A-DAY to UNH.EN 

SAM E 
FO RM U LA 

IOO 

C O M P AR E 89o 

IOO LU. 
Capsules 

1 o o 

25o 
51 98 

GERITOL to 
GERMEN 

2oo LU. 
Capsules 

25o 
53 95 

No 
995 

4oo LU. ast 
Capsules 

25o 
57.45 
$o99 t Z z 

1oooI.U. 989 
Capsules 

5oo 
543 99 

V U U A K i GNC COUPON 

YOU SAVE SI.96 ■ k m B-Complex ,oo $5.45 

5o mg in 8 F A C T O R S 
25o-$13 oo 

MILLERS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN? 

4 5 c 

TA IU M H CMC COUPON 

UNBLEACHED 

V A IU M U GNC COUTO* 

APPLE 

 rn 

Rich in 
Dietary, 
Fiber 

FLOUR 
55* 

2 lb. 
YOU 
SAVI7C 

JUICE 

5 9 ° 

32 OZ. 
YOU 
SAVI IOC 

OFFER EXPIRES JAN 31 W F 

LIMIT ONI 

FOR FAST WEIGHT LOSS! 
“GRAPEFRUIT” 
DIET PLAN 

Eat No Grapefruit... and Enjoy 3 Tasty 

 rn 

MealsIX. 

» t U M H GNC COUPON 

TOASTED 
SI 
12 OZ. 
5 Varieties 

YOU SAVE 12C i 

OFFER EXPIRES JAN 31 1977 

 tm,IT OM 

Y k lU M lf GNC COUPON 

VAI UAM I GNC COUPON 

 ft 

9o 

Out (Vapatfuit d<*t pal contains natural i 

 ji a p a lit «s » n r(i toUrfiad »»!n 'O OS o* 
I RDA o' Vitamins C and E plus Ona ot Itta 
Stn.ngav I .a' awl- a. LUM* without a /IC rfa u t l i n n l u l I 

Hor for s ^ascription' Include* comptata I ™ U B y 9ll|P|fiy||E 
I menus tor a nutritionally SOufKJ and 
I balani so 3 meats a day diet Man 

H O 
(3o day supply) 
$5 49 

VUUAo1 (GNC COUP 
1oo% NATURAL 
CEREAL 77« 
13 OZ. 

IMT1 am jam ii tan 

COCOA BUTTER 
CREME 
SZ 
$ 1*9 
SAVE 51C 
I 

OFFER E*F>IRES JAN JI 1977 

»*i m i n one co u po n 
Rf; 
Party Mix 

Salted or 
__ 
Plain 9 OZ. Q 
Q 
£ 

YOU SAVI o * 8 
4oc 
YOU SAVE 22c % l£g| OFFER t SPIRES JAN J I 1977 

 in* "(m 

 l l 

RAISIN BRAN 13 oz. 
GRANOLA 
CEREAL 
# a | « . 

 vou 
SAVI 3oC l f * # 

OFFER EXPIRES JAN 31 1977 

[T iuT -O M 

Y A IU M H GNC COUPON 

WHOLE WHEAT 
FLOUR 

YOU 
R 
Q o 
SAVE IOC 
W 
W 

OFFER EXPIRES JAN JI 1977 

 j g ^ t w t i W 
K ^ 

Y A U IM H GNC COUPON 
Toastedheat 
Germ ci 
YOU 
SAVI IOC 
I # 
OFFER EXPIRES JAN 31 1977 

H M H OM 

MIXED 
NUTS 

{no PEANUTS 6OZ. YOU SAVI 18C 
Vtjba tPPTO»N»Fm iSJANJl.l»7>-l^ 
LIQUID PROTEIN 

PREDIGESTED 
SOLUBLE 
15 Grams of Predigested 
Protein per ounce. 
PLEASANT TASTING 

1 6 o z . 
3 2 o z . 
Nj8o M2oo 

 g r C j urn 
Protein 

Famous Diet Formula 

 th e A llin - O H E 
K e lp , L e c it h in , C id e r 
V in e g a r, V ita m in B -6 
T a b le t. 

Am erica's Most Wanted Formulation! 

1 o o - * 1 . 9 9 

5 o o - * 9 . 7 5 

16 OZ. 

□ 
M ooft e rrs h e l p s c u r b y o u r a p p e t i t e h e l p s y o u L J 

Z Z 
L O S E THAT E X T R A W EIG H T • N O C A L O R I E C O U N T I N G 1 
_ 
• N O E X E R C I S E S 1 • N O SP E C IA L DIETS• 

Thanks to a group of New York doctors, you can now lose pounds of 
□ 

 ugly tat without going on any special diet without cutting out any I 
I special foods 
L~J 
□ 

H E L P S R E D U C E H U N G R Y M O M E N T S f l 
These New York doctors discovered a food adjuvant catted M O D EL- 1— 1 
□ 

E T T S 
Model efts does remarkable things It helps you cut down i— j your caloric intake by a natural automatic curbing o f the appetite and L J 
□ 

 o f the desire for foods, resulting automatically in a reduced intake of food 
□ 

The doctors caret 
I Weight losses c 
2 96% of the men 
□ 

M odel efts is ab so lu te ly 
_ _______ start today to shed those unwanted pounds and inches lf your cond! 
1— 1 a r a m j r j c w i t h 
□ 

 tion is glandular or organic, see your doctor 
M odel efts may help ( 
] ? . 
, vou stay on the diet your doctor recom m ends Ask him about it 
I— I 
N S (lira I 

Fruit-Flavored Chewable Natural 
□ 
VITAMIN-C 
□ 
□ 

□ 

 n Why 

Taste it and enioy the m ost delicious & com plete 

Vitamin C nutrition that ever m elted in your m outh £ 

 sr *»ry. * 4if*oWS **1*1 you 
V'tfRPNI* C day W 

 if**, Is t»y#ry f#Hi n yOiif tvxly Vi*t you* tXXlv I AT I More * 

R.,1 * mow! I s.jU'i y w viPCXy o* V**"w* C you* bod* cap t mam, 
_ _ 
'« !u't» <i Sp-r a* t r JinnI t -VMgtm my c ymyrrt rn.' -vy<1s [ j 

: yit .n my body 'fxjymy. So too CAO syy Ko*. mpo» tar" I is IC ny v j'y O' gaiting nnougs V Jarim C 

I ISNS eft#** Nutf'i'OO Sourly Natl** Vtamm C *'1*' a arot* romas rn Isy sy ny* rn#>*at>la y^«mm C taWa's Nete SUCH A fifty*:,., H ug, 
*'u*l tail* p—now KW* ’O rn ** I N " 

 ot* y you' lama, Tasty*. Nut'***' Squat* Saturn atma labials avaryon* 'I your lama, *a mvsi you tins uyy tasty tysi 
• 2 - L - . 
Rf 
- 

O ne M odel efts Wafer has the hunger satis 
□ 
□ 

 tying capacity ort 1 lb boned potatoes or 
4 
□ 

 eggs or 5 slices of white bread, yet it contains 
^ H o n ty 6 calories 

2 MONTH supply 
O u r 

No. 787 

□ Acerola Berries. 

□ 

□ 

Tn$» lropK *»} acerola perry «, one o* nature % wonders It is amblingly 

 r<h .* nature V'lam.n C up to BO limes as reb as an e<jua« amount o* 

 orange Here 

Valuable jj iN C 
Coupon 

 i .m.t«o IO I I'** OI'*' pat 'at-xiy Must O* '• ‘ n##m»f} ar rn* iffy* C*v. 

S***1, S-- i ipl, of V'tiV^n I 

$ LOW SODIUM 
ICORN 

FLAKES 

VAI HASH GNC CONNON 

8 OZ. 

M U 

DELICIOUS. NATURAL ■ A 
Licorice 4 9 * 
Bits 6 Vs OZ. 
YOU SAVE IOC I 

.• B i OHI HBNW SjAB It «77 

VU U M I I GNC COMFY* r n 

'/ w m i 

. Siai«_ 

VSI U M H GNC COUTO* 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 
□ 

□ 

S E K 

./'o. 

VANGAHU 
KELP 
SUPER 

) CAROB-COATED 
T a sT S o y sb ir 

LU LECITHIN8!*? 
— 12oo mg. C apsules 
Desiccated 
L I V E R ... 
T ab lets______ 

V IT A M IN ,oo 

B - 1 2 
5o mc9 
_ _ 
“ 
TabJeta 

 p 
L E C IT H IN ^ f-a:. I Greeeiee 4 oz. 
• 

5 
V I T A M I N B 
- l C t Q 
4 
IOO mg. Tablets soiS M 

 i6usY89« 
14 Varieties 1oZ. 
YOU SAVI 13C 

 t NWY J UNH n w w ts jaw Ii 1*71 

 h 
Y At U M H GNC COMTON T 

Seeds ^2“ 
I Ready to eat. lib. 
YOU SAVE 7oc 

IMT ONI I IWM* JAM JI I VTI 

GINSENG BLEND 

45o mg. 
3 
G IN S E N G Tablets 
VANGARD ,oo 
V ita m in 
$o mfl tablets 
* 
5o*44$ 
648 mg. 
S/S'! < 
G IN S E N G C a pSl 

 m ite 

 vt UMH sac cause 

YOU SAVE IIC 

 f i n cm OWW* jab >i ’*n 

 t 

MI. 
TOU SAVI 

OLDFASHIONED 
PEANUT 
R O C 
B U TTER ^ Sm 

‘JL'U-Vii 
Sesame 
Snacks’" u w 
T«bUU 

IMPORTANT NOTICE 

I a i m iH uH cM ing a— y» sam* s*bw oNw*U •> <x* ad may not ba •«* 
,A U K W « B K « Ma* may <wum W* un* ba tw w y if tau* a -aaic ta i ai in* tww ma* tu t aa 

 a 516 E. HOUSTON 
MON-F«l 8 3o-7 SAT. 9 3o^ SUN 1-5 
. MCCRELESS 
. CENTRAL PARK 
Dow I M 
Oyly IO-* 
* SO. PARK MALL 
, Windsor Park 
Dody I (Lf 
Doth 1o-9 

Mail Orders Promptly Filled 
Bring or Mail to a GNC StoraTTVted at left. 
NOTTO 

EhcFOkft t % 
Ptaasa *htp the toMowtng 
Oepi KK Of 
PROO'JCT NAME 

{How Many I Sue 
Pnce ITQTAL 

W I *■* Y 
VOSUGf 

-MW to it CX ber under $6 OO add bOt bending TOTAL! 

NAME 
................... ................................................. .............. 

APDMM ............................ ...........................APT NO ........ 

 em-...................................... m n .............. . » □ □ □ □ □ 

Fo x x takes 3 rd w ife 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

LAS V EG A S — Nightclub and tele­ vision star Redd Foxx was married on stage here Friday to Yun Chi Chung, a 
Korean native who now lives in Los 
Angeles. 

It was the third marriage for Foxx, 

34, star of the television series “ San­ ford and Son,” and the second for Miss 
Chung, 34. 

Clark County District Court Judge 

Michael Wendell officiated at the brief 

 double ring ceremony on the stage of l.as Vegas’ Thunderbird Hotel, where 
Foxx is headlining a holiday season show. 

Foxx and his bride left immediately 

 after the ceremony for a wedding reception, after which Foxx said he would have to return to the Thunder­ bird for two New Year's Eye perfor­ mances. 

Foxx said his bride was an artist, 

 born in Seoul. Korea, and that they had know each other for quite a while. 

Savings eyed in tax change 

Why change the city tax year? 
To save hundreds of thousands of dollars paid by San Antonio each year in interest costs on m oney bor­ rowed to pay bills, ac­ cording to City F in ­ ance Dir. Carl White. 
Authority to change the city tax year to Jan. 1-Dec. 
Ill is coupled with a change of San Antonio's budget and ti sea I year to Get. 
I-Sept. 3(1. Both changes are set forth in Proposition Two on the charter rev ision bal­ lot of Jan. 15. 
“ Currently, we collect our city taxes near the end of our fiscal year,” White said. 
“ This forces us to borrow money in short-term loans. to operate the municipal government.” 
Borrowing costly 
Over the past five years, the cost to borrow this money has increased 145 per cent, White said. 
During the last fiscal year. San Antonio paid some 1366,ooo in interest costs on about $52 million borrowed from local banks. 
The current budget allots 
M25.ooo to pay interest on borrowed money. 
“ Changing our tax year to a ealendar-year basis would put us on a pay as you go’ plan, eliminating the need to borrow $1 mil­ lion each week to pay our bills," White noted. 
“ Having to borrow mon­ ey to operate makes the city subject to the whims of the current money market, which has been tight in re­ cent years, sending interest rates upward.” 
The projected change in the tax year also would make it coincide with the tax years of the state and 
Bexar County. White said. 
The second change sought 

Meet topic in cystic fibrosis rn 

The Parents Ciroup of the 
Lone Star Chapter, Cystic 
Fibrosis Foundation, will hold its monthly meeting at 
7.3o p m. Jan, 18 at Santa 
Hosa 
Medical 
Center, 
Room 1o6 

 by Proposition Two. chang bring the city into lint* wit! mg the budget and fisca the federal government year to Pct. I-Sept. 3o, woult state and Bexar County. 
Rallies by 
India Reds cancelled 

ASSOCIATED WESS 

NEW DELHI - In­ dia’s Communist party backed down Saturday from a confrontation with Prime Minister 
Indira Gandhi’s gov­ ernment. 
The Communists called off rallies planned as a New 
Year’s Day national protest against rising prices. 

The 
Communist turn­ about came after the party reported increasing arrests of its workers in I'ttar 
Pradesh, 
India's most populous state, where a party spokesman said at ieast 15o local C ommunist leaders and sup|x»rters had been arrested iii the pa->t two days. 
A leader ot the ruling 
Congress party warned tfit* 
Communists against creat­ ing problems. “ We still watch the situation and will deal firmly wherever the 
Communist agitation creates a law and order problem.” said /.ail Singh. chief minister of northern 
Punjab state 
2 rallies 
A Communist spokesman said that according to preliminary reports only two major rallies were held as part of what had been proclaimed “ Anti-Price 
Hise Day.' Both were 
Chandigarh, capital 
Punjab state. 
Major demonstrations scheduled for New Delhi, 
Bombay arid other cities were cancelled when local authorities refused to give the Communists permis­ sion to hold public meet­ ings. The party decided not to defy the government, the 

 in of 

Im portant Notice Regarding 
Montgomery W ard Color Section 
Advertisement in Today’s Paper. 

Due to a manufacturers delay, the Model 
 immediately available. We will honor our advertised price for future delivery. Also, 
 advertised as a 21.1-cubic foot. The copy should read 2o.1-cubic foot. We regret any inconvenience this may cause you. 

 spokesman said. 
“ We did not intend to violate the law,” a senior party official said. “ We just wanted to highlight the fact that prices have gone up and the government should adopt certain policies to control prices.” 
The Communists based their planned protests on the announcement that the government’s wholesale price index has increased by about 12 per cent since 
March. 

Disillusioned 

The Communists have become increasingly disil­ lusioned with what they view a> Mrs 
Gandhi's rightward shift in her economic policies since proclaiming a state of emergency 18 months ago 
I hey plaiitKxl nationwide 
New Year's Day rallies to press their demands for strict price controls, ex­ pulsion of the public ds- tribution system for essen­ tial commodities, the state takeover of the wholesale biod grain trade, reinstitu­ tion of an automatic bonus for industrial workers and nationalization of the textile, saga!. loreign drug and jute Industries. 
The Communists are up- set with the government's abolition of the workers- bonus, incentives for privale businesses and tax breaks for high income groups 

Only opponents 

Since the start of the emergency, when most civil liberties were sus­ pended, the Communists have been the only major party to attempt nrganr/tng national protests against the government Last Jan­ uary, they staged rallies throughout the country protesting the bonus aboli­ tion The party claimed 
24,#oo of its workers were arrested and then released after a few days 
The Communists and 
Mrs Gandhi s Congress party had l*een clos** allies since 19HN. when Mrs 
Gandhi s party split and the prime minister needed 
I omniums! support to en­ sure continuation of her parliamentary majority 
In a speech Saturday in 
Cut na ID** capital ol Bihar, t ommunist leader Hates- wuru Mao said Mrs Gandhi would not have remained head ut the government had the Communists md It ut far their support in iwot* 

DISTRICT JUDGE M ichael W en dell reads w edding vow s for 
Red Foxx and Yun Chi Chun 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
H 

Probe counsel record controversial 

A BIT OF TEXAS IX' CALIFORNIA 

S A LU T IN G 3 o years o f San A n to n io ’s Fiesta Flam beau, the 
Festival San Jacinto A ssn. entry in the Tournam ent o f Roses 
Parade in Pasadena, C a lif., m ade its w a y a lo n g the p a ra d e 

 route 
Saturday. 
The flo a t, ca rrie d 
M iss 
Fiesta, 
S an d ra 
Belzung, center, and a ltern a tes A n n Lochte, left, and Y vonne 
H odge, rig h t. 

FORD 

CONTINUED 

FROM PAGE IA 

NfVV Tax A**essor-Collector Ben Shaw takes oath of office from Judge John Bena­ vides in early Saturday cerem onies at the Courthouse. 
MEDAL- 

 gaging In som e nostalgic rem em * brances He joined in the singing of 
Auld Lang Syne at the stroke of m id­ night. 
Tho list of Medal of Freedom win­ ners was the fifth and the longest that 
Ford has made since he took office 
2*2 years ago 
The recipients will be: 

, I VV A M <«t Piiuituryh. president. In n ed 
Steelworkers of Ameriea 
Physio I* t John B irdeen < hjm p.oon III . corecipient of the Nobel Prize iii p h y sic * iii 
IWW and I «72 
Composer In Mg Berlin of New York City. 
Agricultural scientist Norman Ernest Bor* 
(aug ol Mexico City I lf iii NoIh*I Prize winner. 

CONTINUED 

HH I red Arms tive-star lien Om ar Nelson 
Bradley ut Ness York < tty. who had sersed as chairm an Of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
R etired Adin 
A rleigh A lbert B urke ot 
Bethesda. Md . a tonner chiel ol naval opera­ tio n 
The late sculptor Alexander ( alder 
Bruce Cattan, writer and editor from New 
York ('tty 
Joseph Paul DiMaggio. retired New York 
Yankees baseball player 
W riter Artel Durant ut Lim A m ides, Unis 
Pulitzer Prize winner 
W riter W illiam J a m e s D u ran t of Los 
Angel***, tab* Pulitzer Prize winner 
Judge Henry Jacob F riendly of the t S. 
Circuit Court of Appeals, New York < tty. tartly Bird Johnson, widow of the President 
Lyndon B Johnson of stonewall. Tex. 

FROM PAGE IA 
Poet Archibald MacLcish of Conway. Mass.. 
Pulitzer Prize winner rn BU2 and lim 
Author Janies Albert Michener of Pipers- 
Ville. Pa . 1W7 Pulitzer Prize winner 
Artist Georgia O'Keeffe of Abiquiu. N M 
Vice President Nelson Aldrich Rocketeller. 
Illustrator Norman Rockwell of Stockbridge, 
Mass. 
.lotjetl Shouse of Washington. DC., donor ol 
Wolf T rap F arm P ark for the P erform ing 
Arts, honored for her contribution lo the thea­ trical arts 

Lowell Thom as of Pawling. N V., author, radio and television commentator 
Jam es Dewey W atson of Cold Spring Harbor, 
N Y , educator and biochemist, who received the Nobel P ru e iii medicine and physiology in 
PNU 

Start your home-delivered subscription to the 
San Antonio News 

To Subscribe. Call 225-741 i 

P u erto R ican stateh o o d in a s t a ­ tement Friday. 
Asked why he did not leave the issue for President-elect C arter. Ford replied, “ Because I'm president until 
Jan 2o.” 
Gasoline 
Ford, talking to rep o rters w hile skiing last week, said ti is highly likely he will order the removal of gasoline price controls, a m ajor goal of an energy program he proposed nearly two years ago 
A nother president al aide. John 
Carlson, said Ford probably will issue the order tin Tuesday, the day Con­ g ress reconvenes. ( (ingress then would have to decid e w h eth e r to o v errid e the o rd er before C a rte r takes office. 
Carlson quoted Ford as saying he thinks it will t>e a close call to win approval of the plan in w hat could shape up as his final struggle in a long series of battles with Congress. 
The Federal Energy A d m in istra­ tion said decontrol would have little or no g e n e ra l effect on g a s o lin e prices but would allow a p rice in ­ crease of about two cents a gallon on unleaded g aso lin e , re fle c tin g its higher refining costs. Opponents of decontrol have claim ed thai sueh a move could increase prices of all gas­ oline as much as six cents a gallon. 
Tax cut 
F o rd 's proposed tax cut w ill be made in a special m essage to Con­ gress this week. The main proposal will be to increase individual income tax exemptions from $75o to $1,ooo. 
He believes it would be a stim ulus to the economy. 
“ I said I would subm it to Congress in January the tax reduction ut in­ creasing personal exem ptions and red u cin g co rp o rate r a te s ,” F o rd stated recently. “ I believe that in­ dividual taxpayers, particularly the middle income taxpayers, need a 
I better break.” 
Tile lax cut will be part of the fiscal 
11o78 budget, to which Ford has per­ sonally devoted more than IOO hours uf working lime. Exact figures have not been com pleted, but the to tal budget may be dost* to the $425 bil­ lion forecast lur 1o78 in the fiscal 
1o77 budget m essage Ford s 1o77 budget was projected at $3o5 billion, but wound up at $413 billion afte r 
Congress made changes 
Why is Ford working so hard on a budget tpat Carter is likely to m ake changes in? 

The President believes the budget is the strongest lever any president can have,” the* senior White House official said “ And until Jan 2o lie feels he has an obligation tit apply hts best judgm ent to all those issues which come up within that context 
“ A lso, I q u estio n how m uch 
President-elect ( arter will be able to modify the budget,” he said “ Ob­ viously he will want to put hts own stam p on it, and he should But on tin* other hand, so much of that budget is dominated bv statutes already on tilt* books that cannot be changed 
“ An incom ing p re sid e n t ju st doesn't have the tiniojioi the ability really to change things very much the first year,” he added 
One item ( a rte r is ex p ected lo change is Ford s tax cut proposal 
Ford last week ordered a review of the amnesty program after receiving a request for a blanket am nesty from 
June Hart, the widow of Sen Philip 
Hart, D-Mich.. who died last Sunday, 
Amnesty 
He said the review would take into consideration how a new program would affect m ilitary morale and how it would be received by the public. He also said he w an ts to d e te rm in e whether granting the request would be fair to those who participated in his earlier program 
The President set up a program tit 
1974 to grant selective pardons, which were given to about 14,IMH) deserters and resisters More than 8(1 (MMI others who were eligible did not participate in the program 
Aides said Ford is not likely to change his mind aud grand Mrs. 
H art’s request. ( arter has prom ised he will issue a blankeel pardon lo all draft resisters, and would consider such action tor deserters on a case * by * case basts, 
Raises 

On Ford's desk is a recom m enda­ tion from a presidential pay panel for su b sta n tia l sa la ry ra is e s for m em bers of Congress aud 2,JIM! top people in government. Under it, lur ex am p le, co n g re ssio n a l s a la r ie s would increase from $44,8oo lo $57.5(81 a year And those of the speaker of the House, the vice president and the chief justice of the Suprem e Court would rise from $85,(NMI lo $8o,IMM! 
Ford hu^. been weighing the p r o p o ­ sa l for several weeks, and It is known he favors pay raises to some degree lo help keep and a ttra c t Uteii.,,*d 

 people in top federal jobs. But he told reporters last week he might not aet, leaving the decision up to C arter. The senior White House official said the 
State of the Union m essage now is in its fourth draft and probably will go through several more w ritings before it is com pleted. Ile said Ford will deliver it personally before a joint session of Congress instead of m erely sending it in w ritten form as som e past lame-duck presidents have done. 
Farewell 
The official said Ford m ight use the State of the Union as a vehicle for a farewell address to the nation, but that he also is considering a .separate farewell address. 
R epublican p o litic s w ill fig u re p ro m in en tly on the P r e s id e n t's agenda in his closing days. 
The Republican National C om m it­ tee will meet late this month to select a successor to Mary Louise S m ith, who has resigned as chairm an, 
(ti advance of that m eeting, Ford plans to hold a second R epublican sum m it m eeting in the White House this week with Vice President Nelson 
A Rockefeller, form er T exas Gov. 
John Connaily and form er California 
(tov. Ronald Reagan 
A tter a sim ila r m eeting Dec. 9, these four leaders culled for creation of a national coordinating com m ittee to help rebuild their party. Ford said he planned to play a m ajor role in the 
GOP after he leaves office. 
Meeting 
On Jan . 14 and 15, the n atio n al 
Committee will hold a pre-election m eeting in W ashington, and on the 
Nth, the President will host a W hite 
House reception for those attending 
The senior W hite House official said Ford has some favorites for the party chairm anship, but declined to name them 
“ The com m ittee itself has got to make the decision," hi* sale. “ Aa lo whether the President will com e out hard and endorse a p a rtic u la r in ­ dividual, that s still an open q u e s­ tion,” 
He said Ford himself is not a can­ didate for the job 

TfrCrcar rAmerrcaa argala 

•WANT AD S! 

N e w VORK TIMES s e r v ic e 
WASHINGTON - The chief counsel and director of the 
House committee investigating the assassinations of President 
Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. 
Martin Luther King Jr. is a former prosecutor whose judg­ ment and actions have been subject to formal criticism on a number of occasions. 
A ccording to R ep. T h o m a s N. 
■ PROBLEMS 

Continued from Page SA lead to a real shakeup in City Hall operations. 
L ast but not le ast, th e re ’s the 
'difficulty of truly identifying this complex com m unity and its m any parts. 
Huebner’s job requires service to all the city 's citizens through re- ponse to the mayor and City Coun­ cil. 
He m ust know who that “ all” ac­ tually is. With recent developm ents 
San A ntonio’s sp e c ia l in te re s t groups have becom e m ore a rtic u ­ late in their own dem ands and con­ cerns, it s not likely Huebner will be able to overlook them in his search for comprehension. 
But the in-coming city m anager has already noted his fam iliarity with outspoken citizen groups. They are. evidently, a common factor on the City Hall scene in Sacram ento. 
To assu m e m a n a g e m e n t of 
A m erica's 1oth largest city is likely to offer H uebner m o re th an his share of challenges. 
Auto sticker sale Feb. I 

AUSTIN (AP) — New auto regis­ tration stickers go on sale Fob. I. and renewal notices will be m ailed soon, the Texas D epartm ent of Highways and Public Transportation said. 

The stickers, to be placed in the lipper right corner of rear license plates, will have a solid red back­ ground with white year figures and state name. 
Sticker serial num bers will be in blue. 
D ead lin e for a ffix in g th e new stickers will be April I. 

Downing, chairm an of the House Se­ lect C om m ittee on A ssassinations, the controversial background of Ri­ chard A. Sprague, the com m ittee’s chief counsel, was know n to Congress when he was selected for the politi­ cally sensitive job of re-exam ining the conclusions of the previous in­ vestigations of the two killings. 
The com m ittee was established on 
Sept. 17 and Sprague’s selection was announced two weeks later. 
F u n c tio n in g for th e la s t th re e m onths on a $15o,ooo b u d g et, th e c o m m itte e now h as a s ta ff of BS 

 law yers, in v e stig a to rs and te c h n i­ cians. 
With the release F riday of an in­ terim report describing what it called im p o rta n t new p o ssib le le a d s, 
S p rague and th e m e m b ers of th e c o m m itte e hope to p e rsu a d e th e 
House to provide at least $13 million for a two-year investigation by a staff of 17o. 
Some opposition 
However, there is some opposition in the House of R epresentatives to the com m ittee and some doubt about the 

 need for the re investigation and the size"of the proposed budget. 
S p ra g u e ’s c o n tro v e rs ia l rec o rd could affect the House debate over the com m ittee’s future. 
Sprague won wide acclaim for his successful prosecution of the killers ot Joseph A. Yablonski, the United 
Mine W orkers insurgent leader, and his family, and for the conviction of sc o re s of o th e r m u rd e re rs in his 
18-year c a re e r in the office of the 
Philadelphia district attorney. 
In a two-and-half-hour interview in the c o m m itte e ’s office la s t w eek, 

Sprague described him self as a dedi­ cated public servant and said most of the criticism s of him were a result of the highly tum ultous nature of Penn­ sylvania politics. 
Actions faulted 
But an exam ination of official re­ ports and reco rd s and in terv iew s with a num ber of Philadelphians has uncovered at least five situations in which Sprague’s official and unoffi­ cial actions have been faulted by the 
P ennsylvania S urprem e Court, the attorney general of Pennsylvania, the 

Pennsylvania Crim e Commission and elected officials. 
Three years ago, for exam ple, the 
Pennsylvania attorney general issued a two inch thick report on Sprague’s handling of a homicide case in which the son of a good friend was involved in a dispute leading to the death of a man nam ed John Russell Applegate. 
“ It is u n fo rtu n a te th a t v a rio u s m atters were not properly pursued in 
1983 im m ediately after the death of 
Applegate,” the 1973 report conclud­ ed. citing unresolved conflicts in the testim ony of key participants, addi­ tional witnesses who were not inter­ view ed, an incom plete fin g erp rin t search at the death scene and faulty lie-detector and blood tests. 

Controversial case 

A second controversial case In­ volved a Philadeplphia detective who worked as Sprague’s chief investiga­ tor and who once trailed the husband of Sprague’s girlfriend to what was alleged to be a motel rendezvous with another woman. The detective testi­ fied under oath in a divorce proceed­ ing thai he had undertaken the clan­ destine spying on his own tim e and w ithout pay but at the re q u e st of 
Sprague. 
Two years later, the Suprem e Court issued a decision involving the sam e dom estic squabble in which Sprague was said to have done in his office much of the legal work that led to the arrest for contem pt of court of the sam e man who had been followed by th** detective. 
The co u rt’s 1989 decision ch a rac­ terized the contem pt of court action that led to the arrest of this m an as a gross in ju stice and said th e legal proceedings w ere sorely lacking in due process. 
Concerning S prague’s ad m in istra­ tive a b ilitie s, th e C itizen s C rim e 
Com m ission of P h ilad elp h ia m ade public twit years ago a BO-page report on th** Philadelphia prosecutor’s of­ fice th a t had been co m p ile d by 
Charles Rogovin, a crim inal justice consultant, under a gran t from the 
United States Law Enforcem ent As­ sistance Adm inistration. 
“ T he p rin c ip a l im p re ssio n s r e ­ ceived during the initial review of this office w ere an inordinate con­ centration of authority rn the first a s s is ta n t d is tric t a tto rn e y , M r. 
Sprague, a lack of necessary delega­ tions of authority to division chiefs and very serious deficiencies in ad­ m in istratio n throughout the en tire organization,” Rogovin concluded. 
Prom inent realtor dies 

Nadine “ D eanie” Owens, prom in­ ent local realtor, died Saturday at 
Brooke Army Medical Center. Fun­ eral services are pending. 
M rs. Owens w ith her husband 

Pope m eets with 
Rome's top Red 

ROME (AP) — Pope Paul VI went to a working class district Saturday to celebrate New Y ear’s M ass and greeted Rome's Communist m ayor in their second ceremonial m eeting in a month . 

R E.Owens, founded Deanie Owens 
Com pany R ealtors, San A ntonio’s larg est independently owned real estate company. 
She was a m em ber of the Texas 
Assn. of Realtors, the National Assn. of R e a lto rs, th e N atio n al H om e 
Builders Assn. and the San Antoni*) 
Board of Realtors. 
Mrs. Owens had worked in the real estate business since 1958. In 1984 she and her husband opened their first office on Austin Highway. 
The Deanie Owens Company now includes 22 area offices and has a staff of 34o sales people. 

CONTINUED 

FROM PAGE I A 

County Judge B lair Reeves, as ad­ m inistrative head of county govern­ m ent. was present at all the m ajor cerem onies. 
T h re e an n o u n ced o r n e a r-a n ­ nounced c a n d id a te s for m ay o r — 
Mayor Lila Cockrell, John Monfrey and John Steen — were on hand, as w ere fo rm e r C ounty Com . Sam 
Jorrie, Councilmen Phil P.vndus and 
Boh Billa, S tate Rep. Jim Nowlin, 
County GOF C hairm an Dick Eddle- man and hosts of others. 
Before adjourning to his reception at 
T w o h ig ’s, 
1o2 
R iv er W alk. 
W entworth nam ed Mrs. Donna Hay 
McKinney, a form er em ploye of the district clerk, as his adm inistrative assistant*. 

Bustam ante held forth at a contin­ ental breakfast about lunch tim e at the Hnrlandale Civic Center. 

Minimized 

D ow ning, D-Va., who w ill re tire fro m 
C o n g ress th is w eek, acknow ledge he had never heard of the various official c ritic ism s con­ cerning Sprague and that S prague had been selected as chief counsel without a background investigation. 
Downing said based on his exper­ ience rn working with Sprague over the last th ree m onths he w as con­ vinced the form er prosecutor would m ake a g re a t c o n trib u tio n to th e com m ittee’s effort. 
He said he had selected Sprague from a list of about six candidates after an interview. 
A num ber of m em bers of the com* mitt**** apparently helped in the pre­ paration of the final list, but neither 
D ow ning n o r 
R ep, 
H enry 
B. 
Gonzales, the Texas D em w rat who is expected to he nam ed the next chair­ m an, could rem em b er who specifi­ cally recom m ended Sprague. 

OFFICIALS progressive, with m any changes for the better. 
C o m m issio n e rs C o u rt, he s a id , worked as a team in unison, lf he’s recognized for nothing else. B usta­ m ante said, he would consider his efforts to stop “ polarization” in the county as his single greatest contri­ bution. 
In 1977. B ustam ante said. he hopes to see a pattern of city growth to the 
South Side and im proved program s for the elderly. 
He said he hopes to see county jail guards receive salary increases, not­ ing the county g u ard s are w orking alongside city policemen m aking $3oo to $4oo a month m ore than them for the sam e work. 
The sw earing-in cerem onies drew large crowds, with most participants a tte n d in g all of th em they could reach 

 who was sworn in a fow m inutes ea r­ lier by D ist. Ju d g e H F . “ H ippo” 
Garcia. 
, 
Judge G arcia also did the honors for Sheriff Bill Hauck for his new term , and Judge Benavides swore in long-tim e C onstable Bob G arcia to another term in his Precinct 4 post. 
Another well-attended swearing-in cerem o n y w as th a t of P re c in c t I 
County Com. A lb ert B u sta m a n te , sworn into his second term . A dm in­ isterin g the oath w as D ist. Ju d g e 
Peter Michael Curry 
B u sta m a n te sa id th e p a st four y ears of county g o v ern m en t w ere 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

 rn 

 t i 
Z A 

I 
* 
A 
I 
CO 
*4 
9 rn 
I 

\ 
T i 
IF i T i 
WMT RIGHTS 
• RESERVED rn 

 s . 
■*. 

PROFESSIONAL HAIRSPRAY 
STYLE 

HOLDS FIRM 
LEAVES HAIR 
SOFT AND 
NATURAL 
13-OUNCE 
SPRAY 

NATURAL PH. SHAMPOO 
STYLE 

'■ :§ 
LEAVES HAIR 
NATURALLY 
, 
C LEAN . SCENTED' 
U t 
WITH YOUR 
CHOICE OF 

W o M 
FRAGRANCES 

I , t , I S H 
GROUND USo-A choice 
■ ^ n p a i 1oo% PURE BEEF 
EteEf 
3 LB. PKG. OR MORE 
LB. 
£ 

■am i 
■ '" • • • It.. 

W IE N F R S 
— « °* «— oL 5 8 * 
VV ■ kill In I» W 
SLICED BOLOGNA...:-.::'.” . 
LlN K SAUSAGE......—.™.*™. 88' 
GERMAN SAUSAGE...™ ™ .-i 99' 
STUFFED CRABS.....-.-.-..'. 
4 ...T ’ 
LONGHORN CH EES E .T~“ 
I®7 

 h i r e S T E A K 
.... - - - 
> i« 
V 
V n n 
\9 I tm rn rn rn rn • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • « • « « • ■ • * . Ll. 
J L 
SLI CEP BACON..r.:““ ..n :.... 'J 
. 1o8 

-s s : a t 
, jf1. * 
* 

TK ? # * 

U.S.D.A. 
G R A D E " A " 

DELICATESSEN - SNACK 
"BUCKET OF CHICKEN 
16 PIECES GOLDEN FRIED CHICKEN 
8 WESTERN POTATOES 
8 DINNER ROLLS..._________ 
....O N L Y 
HOT LINKS. x 
4 il 
BAKED BEANS...™ - 
58* 

HUNTS TOMATO 
SAUCE 
REGULAR 

AUSTEX 
COBBLERS 
ALL VARIETIES 

J/ v , 
JI 
POW IM W . MIMKX 
S o , 

J A m i U K UA# 

LUBRIDERM DRY SKIN 
LOTION 

 lubrldefm 
Lotion 
SOOTHES. COOLS. 
MOISTURIZES 
ORY, CHAPPED 
SKIN CONTAINS 
LANOLIN S 
OUNCE LOTION 

— 

AVOCADOES 

E l 
I 

CALIFORNIA 
VITAMIN 
RICH 

DETERGENT. 
VIENNA SAUSAGE. 
SPINACH 
BROWNIE MIX. 

DANISH 
PASTRY 
ORANGES 
— .....................4 i i 
LETTUCE . 
. 
..si.titsi'....»,.o39* 
CELERY 
39< 
POTATOES 
COLORADO UA NO. I 
CILLO 58* 
BEAN S P R O U T S « r.v ..“. “..*n.^49t 

— 

*t % o x . 
» * • • • • • • • • • • • • • • VMO. 

$1 2 9 

>• A 

3 
, - 
1 

4 
.5 * 1 

7 9 
* 

ASSORTED 

EACH 
LEMON MERINGUE P I E S 9 9 ‘ 
BANANA NUT B R EAO ...-^..... 2„„>1 
DINNER ROLLS 
........... 59* 
FRENCH BREAU. 
3 s.st' I 
ONE STOP 
SHOPPING 
SAVES YOU 
TIME & 
MONEY 

OOG GONE HOUSEHOLD 
CLEANER 

 m m a m n 
(CLEANER FOR 
PET STAINS 
AND ODORS 
I GIANT 
3? OUNCE 

VAPORETTE FLEA 
COLLAR 

 s KILLS 
2 ILLA S 
FOR 3 
MONTHS 
3 SIZES I 
AVAILABLE I 
Mr. 

MO F O G m itt 
CLEAR VISION NO FOG 
MITT 

STOPS 
WIND 
SHIELD 
LOCOING. 
FCH G U S S 
SURFACES 

 i W 
« • » « •# » J, . 
— — — H 
I f s I READY t o u s e w in d sh ield 
WASHER 
K W 

PEH 24 H 
I DAYS 

 a SKAGGS 

DRUGS & FOODS 

M B C f S I M 8 C T I V I S U N .. M O N . , 
A YU KS.. J A N . 2. I A 4 , 1 4 7 7 

3 BEC LOCATIONS 

BANDERA AT IH 1o 
5 7 o 7 B A N D E R A RD . 6 8 4 -8 8 5 2 

WIST AVE. AT BLANCO 
1 1 7 4 3 W EST A V E 349-5287 

W AUEM AT MIDCROWN 
5 5 38 W A L Z E M RD 6 5 6 -6 2 o o 

AU OMN 24 HOURS 
TO S iR ¥i YOUR NEEDS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 9 77 

ONE DAY ONLY! 

Every piece* of bedding in stock is sale priced for Monday only! 

Except Posturepedic and Beautyrest 

Sealy Twin Size 
Mismatched 
Sealy Twin Size 
Firm Flex 
Sealy Twin Size 
Smooth Sleep 
Sealy Twin Size 
Hotel Supreme 

58.o9 
Full size, ea. pc............ 68.oo 
Full size, ea. pc........... 
168.oo 
Queen size, set ........ 188.oo 
Queen size, set ........ 
228.oo 
King size, se t 
248.oo 
King size, s e t........... 

DOWNTOWN SPECIAL! Get a bed frame with your purchase of any bedding for only 9.95, a 19.95 to 39.95 value. But hurry, quantities are limited to only 5o bed frames . . . get yours while they last! 

88.oo 
248.oo 
328.oo 

78.oo 
228.oo 
298.oo 

 with purchase 

Monday... last day to buy Sealy Posturepedic 
Classic bedding at these special low prices 

Full size, ea. pc................... 119.oo 
Queen size, set .................. 299.oo 
Kine size, se t....................... 439.oo 
Twin Size 

Monday is your last chance to purchase a fine quality Sealy Posturepedic Classic mattress or box spring at these low, low prices! All sales will be filled, but hurry in to avoid delivery delay! 

Bedding, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 

I 

 r n A UNIT O f ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

I i 

^ 
M 
_ 
^ ^ . ^ s H 
. w s ^ , ^ 
^ 
^ 
- p y h e c h a 
| n i > 
- | Q 
o 
o r s e t s inmate tells rn l„ secret of life 

PENSACOLA. Fla. (AP) 
— A IAI-year-old man who says a key to long life is 
“ women and drinking’* is serving a two-montb jail sentence on a liquor law violation. 
Johnny W hite, horn in 
Ja m a ic a in M arch 1875, was sentenced Wednesday on a charge of possessing liquor for sale without a license. 
The judge was not available for comment, hut an Escambia County jailer said W hite was in jail voluntarily, having refused probation. 
However. W hite told a new spaper re p o rte r 
“ I don’t know why I ’m here because I didn't do anyth­ ing illegal. They said I was going to sell the whisky but all of it I get I d rink myself.’’ 
“ Tile judge gave me 6o days or $5oo but I'd rather pay the money so I can have some peace,” he said. “ In here with all these hot­ headed young people yelling and going on. it gets nerve wracking.” 

Upbeat, offbeat, people & pictures 

White said th e re are 
“ only two wordly things I worry about — beer and w hisky. I h a v e n ’t been without them for 25 years” 
He attributed his long life 

 to treating people with re­ spect, and proper eating and sleeping habits; “ but m ost im p o rta n tly , lim it yourself to women and d rin k in g .’’ 

Sidney Lennox, a sophomore at Midland College, gets a face full after taking first place in the school’s winter carnival bubble gum blowing contest. — AP Wirephoto 

 group back a long way 

HOLLYWOOD. Fla. (AP) — The local branch of the 
American Cancer Society decided to hold a benefit night during a professional tennis tournament. 
Then the group learned that a major tobacco company was sponsoring the tournament. 
Officials of the society say if s too late now to cancel the benefit affair and admit they’re embarrassed. 
“ I guess we were stupid, but we just figured we were selling tennis tickets and not cigarettes,” said Ann Forte, director of the Broward County Chapter of the American 
Cancer Society. 
The group is committed to selling 5oo tickets to the Jan. 
14 round of the Virginia Slims tennis tour, sponsored by the Philip Morris Tobacco Co. 

Xo place 

 to spit 

In Omaha 

OMAHA, Neb. (A P) 
— There s bad news for tobacco chew’e rs in 
Omaha — spittoons no longer will be required in public buildings. 

The City Council re­ pealed the o rd in an c e earlier this week. 

The obsolete rule is one of a n u m b e r that the city a tto rn ey ’s of­ fice has recom m ended for removal. 

Yes, it’s a very bad yoke 

LOS ANGELES (AP) 
— It sounds like a bad yolk, but the night w atch m e n at 
SSP 
T ruck E q u ip m e n t in su b u rb an P a ram o u n t lay eggs on the job. 

Four years ago the company, bothered bv thefts from trucks on its 
1o-acre lot. received some inspiration from distilleries in Scotland which use loudmouthed 
'geese instead of watch­ dogs 

The geese w ere in ­ stalled and are honking away at p ro w lers. 
There’s a big economic advantage — they work for goosefeed. 

“ lf anybody tries to come into the yard at night, the geese make a r a c k e t.” said plant manager Riehared Wil­ cox. “ and if one of them grabs you. you'll wish he hadn t.” 

’S I l l -INVI NU tJ» 
VILES ANE 

 on men s sportswear 

Bachelor beal energy crisis 

AV, OCIA OD W14S 
PALATINE. III. - 
The new year to Tom 
Heekenbach is stoking up his wood-burning stoves, lighting bis kerosene lamps and watching the energy crisis go by. 
The 55-year-old bachelor bought a seven-room ranch house en u half acre of land several years ago. It s iii an unincorporated area north­ west of Chicago 
Cut costs 
“ The first thing I did was cut off the oil-burning fur­ nace and do away with the electric lights, said Heck- enbueh, a high sc hool m e­ chanics teacher. “ I bought a big cast-iron parlor stove. a squat Franklin stove, a cast-iron kitchen range and a wood-burner for the ba­ sem ent They ail cost me about $5oo) secondhand. 
The wood costs me noth­ ing. My big ex p en se is about $12 a year for ki*ro* sens.” 
Heekenbach says be did ii 
’’because I p refer this lifestyle It’s a relaxing, change of pace. The energy crisis is just a part of it ” 
He raises aud cans vege­ tables from his g ard en , keeps chickens and four goats and throws a “ sawing p arty” twice a year. The parties b ring together a couple of dozen friends who saw and split logs all day, making a pile of wood IOO feet long and 8 feet wide, 
“ I drive a truck to work,” said Heekenbach. “ Some­ times I pass old trees that have been dumped by the side of the road. I slop and load up. I get wood from construction sites and tree removal co m p an ies, all free to haul away. A bon­ anza is old. discarded rail- mod ties. Corn cobs are good and so are old new­ spapers soaked in water, rolled into a tight ball and dried.” 

Save 9.o1-18.o1 on men's famous maker coats and jackets 
16" - 4479 
Pile lined corduroy coats 

Orig. 45.oo-56.oo, now 35.99-44.79. Great looking jackets at great savings! Cotton corduroy is lined with polyester-backed polyester-acrylic pile in the body and quilted acetate over polyester in the sleeves. Choose from three styles in beige, rust or dusty blue. Not all sizes and colors in all styles. 

Corduroy shirt jackets 

Sold nationally for 35.oo, now 18.99. Classic cotton corduroy shirt jackets in several popular styles. 
Have yours in beige, blue, rust or green. Not all colors in all sizes, so hurry for the best selection! 

All items this page in 
Men s Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall 

Save 22.51! Men's quality dress slacks 
19 
99 

Orig. 42.So. These are some ol our best fashion dress slacks of polyester-wool gabardine. A varie­ ty of colors, but not all colors in all sizes, so hurry for the best selec­ tion! Use your charge card! 

Save 4o.o1-25.o1! 
Men's sportcoats 
39" - 59" 

Orig. 6o.oo-8S.oo. Now's the time to invest in a sportcoat to go with your new slacks! Choose from solids and patterns in a big selec­ tion of colors and styles. They'll go fast, so shop early! 

Save 2o.o1 on men's all leather jackets 
79" - 149" 

Orig. 1oo.oo-175.oo. Enjoy the lux­ ury of a rich, soft leather jacket at a fraction of the original price! 
Choose from several styles and colors in popular sportswear looks. 
Use your Joshes charge card! 

Save 6.o1 now on knit casual slacks 
8" - 1399 

Orig. 15.oo-2o.oo. Choose from solid colors and patterns in easy- care polyester knits. Lots of colors to choose with your favorite styling details. Hurry in for the best selec­ tion and save! Charge it! 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO A.M. TIL 9 P.M.! 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy January 2 1977 
PMI 

SAVE 3o%! 
INFANT & 
TODDLER 
SPORTSWEAR 
367-13" 

Orig. 5.25-28.oo. Many styles. S-M-L-XL. 2-4. 
Easy-care fabrics. 

SAVE 4o% ON 
TODDLER 
GIRLS' 
DRESSES 
699 

Orig. 12.oo-2o.oo. 
Bright, carefree styles, sizes 2'-4. 

SAVE 4o% ON 
INFANTS' 
DRESSES 

Orig. 8.5o-16.oo. 
Dainty styles in many colors, S-M-L-XL. 

SAVE 25% ON 
GIRLS' & BOYS' 
SLACK SETS 

Orig. 8.oo. Long sleeve print tops, solid pants. Appliqued 

SAVE 4o% ON 
INFANTS' BUBBLES 
AND ROMPERS 
4"-8 69 

Orig. 8.5o-14.5o. 
So practical and easy care! S-M-L-XL. 

SAVE 1/3 ON INFANTS' 
FAMOUS MAKER SLEEPWEAR 

Orig. 6.oo-12.oo. 
Pajamas and gowns, pastels and brights. 
S-M-L-XL. 

SAVE 25% ON 
TODDLER BOYS' 
SEPARATES 

Orig. 4.oo-9.oo. Pants, shirts and jackets by a famous maker, 2-4. 

SAVE 5o% ON 
LITTLE TOTS' 
SWEATERS 

SAVE 5o% ON 
INFANTS' & TOTS: 
OUTERWEAR 

Orig. 1o.oo. 
Assorted styles and colors to keep tots warm! 

SAVE 
' * 1/3 ON 
BABY 
COMFORTERS 
99 

Orig. 12.5o. Nursery prints. 
Some with zip styling. Save now! 

>l)X 

-A 
SAVE 5o% ON 
INFANTS' 
CLOTHING 

3"-1249 

Orig. 8.oo-25.oo. 
Creepers, coveralls, sets and ponchos. 

'"SSS I 
WORLD 

4" 
1275-1675" 

Orig. 25.5o-33.5o. 
Many fabrics and styles. S-M-L-XL, 2-4 

SAVE 2o% ON CURITY 
RECEIVING BLANKETS 

Reg. 2.69. Warm thermal blankets just right for keeping your baby warm and cozy! Easy-care, too! 

SAVE 2o%! ENTIRE 
STOCK OF FAMOUS 
AND DIAPER BAGS 

SAVE 1/3! 
CRIBS 
5659- 
99" 

Orig. 85.oo- 
15o.oo. Discon­ tinued stock. 
Limited quantities 
Downtown, Las Palmas, Austin. 

72o-17 

Orig. 6.oo. Pastel colors. 
By Chatham. Warm and cozy! 

SAVE 2o% ON KANTWET CRIB 
MATTRESSES & BUMPER PADS 
9/199 
799 
Z j JL pad / mattress pad 

Reg. 32.oo mattress, reg. 1o.oo pads. 
Waterproof covering. Safe, sturdy and cushioned for baby s protection. Pads, 
Downtown, Las Palmas and Austin. 
Mattresses, all stores. 

Save 2o% on famous 
Carter's layette items 

Snap shirts, reg. 2/2.39, now . . . . 
2 / 1.9o 

Gowns, reg. 3.35 each, now ......... 
2.68 

Sacques, reg. 2.25 each, now 
. . . . 
1.8o 

Sacque sets, reg. 4.25, now 
......... 
3.4o 

Terry washcloths, reg. 2/1.35, now . . 
2 / 1.o8 

Hooded terry towels, reg. 3.75, now . . . 
3.oo 

Training pants, reg. 2/2.99, now . .. 
2 / 2.39 

Crib sheets, fitted, reg. 4.25, now 
. . . . 
3.4o 

Infants and Toddlers, all stores. Limited quantities! 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Reg. 9.oo-22.oo 
Carry all baby's needs in one convenient unit! Great for travel! 

3 Days Only! 

SAVE 1/3 ON 
INFANT CARRIERS 
499 

Orig. 7.SO. Assorted colors 
Great for carrying baby during outings! Save now! 

Save 5o% 
Early Bird Specials! 

Curity training pants, orig. 2/2.5o, now . 
2 / 1.25 

Toddler shorts sets, orig. 5.75, now 
2.59 

Toddler swimsuits, orig. 6.oo, now 
. . . 
1.99 

Satin pillows, orig. 2.5o, now ............................ 
1.25 

Receiving blankets, orig. 2/2.79-2/2.89, now 
. . . 2 / 1.39 

Diaper bags, orig. 8.oo, now 
. . . . 
3.99 
Infants and Toddlers, all stores 
Limited quantities. Sorry, no mail or phone orders! Shop early and save! 
All items this page in Infants and Toddlers, all stores except where noted. 
SHOP ALL JOSKE'S 
1o-9 MONDAY! 

Chinese promised freedoms 

C O M P E D U »O M W I * . S tB V I C tS 

HONG 
KONG—China pledged Saturday to create a completely new situation for its people in which there will he greater political liveliness, econom ic pro­ sperity and freedom for the science and the arts. 
The pledge was made in a ma jor New Y ear’s Day edi­ torial that seemed to con­ jure up a vision of a return to the more relaxed and hopeful days of the early 
195os when the C h inese 
C om m unists w ere still fresh in power and the troubles of the Great Leap 
Forward and the Cultural 
Revolution had not yet ta­ ken place. 
Apparently in an effort to overcome widespread un­ certainty among China's 
85o million people after a year of political turmoil, tin* editorial said the situa­ tion is steadily improving and will develop faster and better than people can now anticipate. 

Control* at wall tightened 

HERLIN - Communist 
East Germ any tightened controls at the wall dividing 
East and West Berlin on 
Satu rd ay by re q u irin g foreigners to obtain a visa and pay a new $2 fee to enter East Berlin. 
The East Germans also shortened the deadline for visitors to leave East Berlin to midnight on the day they enter, instead of letting visits run for 24 hours as previously. 

Sudan ho** 

 i * m i c * warning 

KHARTOUM. Sudan — 
P resid en t .la afa r el-Nu- m airi said Satu rd ay ho would clo se 
S u d a n ’s borders with Ethiopia if that country continues in harbor activists against his regime. 
In a nationwide speech, 
Nuniairi, who recently ac­ cused neighboring Ethiopia of e sta b lish in g tra in in g cam p s for c o n s p ira to rs against his country, warm'd 
Sudan would hunt the at­ tackers inside the borders they come from. 

Cen*or*hi|» of* pre** t*a*od 

LIMA, Peru — P e n is ’s military government res­ tored the right to publish to seven previously banned private publications Satur­ day under an agreem ent requ iring c o n s tru c tiv e jouiialisiii. 
It was the first easing of press censorship that has existed sin ce P resid en t 
Francisco Morales Bermu­ dez' reg im e im posed a state of emergency, a me­ tropolitan lama curfew and a m agazine and weekly newspaper ban last July. 

Back in nervier* 

HANIG — After a stop­ page of more than 39 years the TransVieltiarn Railway, now renamed Reunification 
Railway, was put hack in service Friday when two tra in s sta rted s im u lta n ­ eously, one form Hanoi and the other from Ho Chi NI nth 
City (Saigon) 

Crude hike *el 

JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia 
— Saudi Arabia gradually will increase its crude oil production to ll 9 million barrels a day lo keep pace with foreign dem and in 
1977, the English-language daily new spaper 
A rab 
News reported Saturday. 
Center in need of volunteers 

The V olu ntary Action 
Center needs volunteers willing to listen and talk with senior adults 
The senior citizens also need transportation to and from doctors’ offices and grocery stores. 
A new S e n io r Citizen 
Center, temporarily located in a North Side church, also needs clerical help in their office. 
The Action Center also needs an arts arid crafts teach er or a s s is ta n t to share skills with patients in’ a convalescent center on 
Monday and Thursday af­ ternoons. 
Someone who speaks J a ­ panese is needed to call or visit a senior citizen who 

Page 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

Save 1.o1-5.o1! Boxes designer plaid percale sheets and matching comforters 

Full sheet, reg. 1o.5o. Save 1.51! 
.......................................8.99 
Queen sheet, reg. 15.oo. Save 1.o1! ................................ 13.99 
Q Q 
King sheet, reg. 19.5o. Save 3.51! .....................................15.99 
| ^ \ 
Standard cases, reg. 7.5o pr. Save 1.o1! 
.................... 6.49 
King cases, reg. 8.5o pr. Save 1.o1! ............................... 7.49 
, 
Twin comforter, reg. 55.oo. Save 5 .o 1 !............................49.99 r e g ^ OO° 
Full comforter, reg. 7o.oo. Save 5 .o 1 !..............................64.99 
Queen/King comforter, reg. 95.oo. Save 5.o1! . . . . 
89.99 

Boxes sheets and comforters, designed by Yves Saint Laurent for the U ticaK Fine Arts* col­ lection by JJP. Stevens. Ensemble features muted plaid boxes on a camel background. Per­ cale sheets are cotton-polyester; comforters are cotton-polyester with polyester fiberfill. 

COORDINATING SOLID COLOR DUST RUFFLES of no-iron polyester-cotton are also at savings. Choose from twin, full, queen or king sizes in bone, white, yellow, blue or brown for a beautiful compliment to your Boxes comforter! Reg. 13.oo-2o.oo, now 9.99-15.99. 

Save 7.o1-12.o1! 'Shannon' foam- backed draperies in four colors 

5ox84" size, reg. 25.oo 
16 
99 

75x84" size, reg. 45.oo. Save 7.o1! .................................................... 37.99 

1oox84" size, reg. 6o.oo. Save 1o.o1! ............................................ 49.99 

Patio x84 size, reg. 7o.oo. Save 12.o1! ........................................ 58.99 

Accent your windows with "Shannon" draperies from Burlington 
House, now at big savings! Draperies are easy-care cotton-rayon- polyester with insulating acrylic foam lining that helps keep your home warmer in winter, cooler in summer. Choose yours in oyster, celery, wedgwood blue or gold. 

All items this page in Draperies/Linens, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin 

Save on ‘Majesta' towels in nine fashion colors 

Bath towel, reg 6.oo 

Hand towel, reg 4 OO 

W ashcloth, reg 1.6o 

Tub mat, reg 1o.oo 
4 
99 

3.49 

1.39 

8.49 

. Plush Majesta' towels from U tica1' Fin* 
^ Arts by J.P. Stevens accent your 
^ bathroom beautifully! 
Towels are thick, absorbent combed cotton terry cloth. Choose from nine fashion colors, including pink, delft blue, sky blue, copper, forsythia, lemon chiffon, teak, white and key lime Stock up now! 

 m em* 

Save 1.o1-2.o1 on 

Cleopatra' rugs 

Contour, 
21x36" or 
27" round, reg. 1o.oo 7 
99 

27x48", reg. 16.oo 

Lid cover, reg 5.oo 

13.99 

3.99 

Cleopatra bath tugs and matching lid covers from Tennessee Tutting are plush nylon pile with soft rub­ ber skid-resistant backing for safety. 
Machine washable, of course. Choose from nine popular colors, including tearose, cornsilk. 
Dresden blue, sea spray, brown, yellow, bronze, bittersweet and rose. Buy now and save ... charge it! 

/ V. 

A UNIT O F ALLIED STO RES 
SHOP .ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

Save 2.o1-15.o1! 'Featherbed' comforter ensemble from Kenneth Home Fashions 

Twin comforter, reg. 45.oo 
35 
99 

Save 2.51-9.o1! 'Sweetheart' comforter ensemble from Kenneth Home Fashions 

Full comforter, reg. 6o.oo. Save 1o.o1! 
........... 
Queen comforter, reg. 7o.oo. Save 11.o1! 
King comforter, reg. 85.oo. Save 15.o1! 
......... 
Pillow sham, reg. 12.oo. Save 2.o1! .................. 
Twin dust ruffle, reg. 24.oo. Save 4.o1! ........... 
Full dust ruffle, reg. 28.oo. Save 5.o1! ......... 
Queen dust ruffle, reg. 32.oo. Save 5.o1! 
48x84" lined draperies, reg. 35.oo. Save 6.o1! 

49.99 
58.99 
69.99 
9.99 
19.99 
22.99 
26.99 
28.99 

Twin comforter, reg. 45.oo 
35 
99 

Comforter ensemble has fluffy feather design in nutria color. Comforters are cotton with polyester-rayon backing, polyester fill. Dust ruffle, sham and draperies are 1oo% cotton. Use your Joske's account and charge it! 

Full comforter, reg. 55.oo. Save 9.o11 
45.99 
. Twin dust ruffle, reg. 2o.oo. Save 3.o1! ........................... 16.99 
Full dust ruffle, reg. 25.oo. Save 4.o1! ............................. 2o.99 
Pillow sham, reg. 15.oo. Save 2.51! .................................. 12.49 
48x84” lined draperies, reg. 35.oo Save 6.o1! ............. 28.99 

Ensemble features floral bouquet and cane screen print pattern in gold color. 
Cotton comforters with polyester-cotton back, polyester fill. Cotton dust ruffles and draperies. Shop Joske's Winter White Sale for home savings! 

\ 

Save 2o% - 23% on comfortable corduroy chair pads by Spectrafoam in three styles 

Rocker back cushion, reg. 8.5o 
6 
49 

Captain's chair or mate's chair, reg. 7.5o ......................... 5.99 

Rich cotton corduroy cushions with kapok fill in red, blue, tangerine, or gold col­ ors. Rocker back measure 17” at top, 15" at bottom, 22" high. Captain's chair pad is 19" wide by 16" deep. Mate's chair pad is 17" wide by 15" deep. 

All items this page in Bedspreads/Draperies, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin 

Save 5.o1-8.o1! 'Bellaire' antique satin draperies in 4 accent colors 
IO99 

18x84" size, reg. 16.oo 

72x84" size, reg. 3o.oo. Save 6.o1! 
96x84" size, reg. 4o OO. Save 8.o1! 
23.99 
31.99 

Antique satin draperies from Kenneth Home Fashions are rayon-acetate with a rich, nubby texture. Unlined. Choose oyster, wedgwood blue, avocado or gold. 

A UNIT or ALLIED STOKES 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 

Elsewhere in America 

 after resisting the invita­ tion for sev en bloody years, to leave Florida and move to Oklahoma, one band of the recalcitrant tribe held out, unconvinced that the move was for its own good. 
The band was led bv one 
Bolek. 
F inally, after I i years, an 
Indian su p erin ten d en t named Elias Rector, by his own account, journeyed to 
Florida and with the assis. lance of great quantities ot booze and boxes of Havanas at length lured Bolek and his stubborn followers out 

 of the Everglades That was in 1837, 
On a rm mg iii Oklahoma, authorities gave the proud 
Bolek a new name, as was their custom They called him Billy Bowlegs. 
In the end, irony outdid ignom iny. Bill> B ow legs joined the Union Army in the 
Civil 
War. d is tin ­ guished h im se lf, w as promoted to captain, fell in battle and now rests in peace at Fort Gibson Na- 

 then that the com m unity that sw allow ed hard and adopted his nam e in p a­ triotic g ra titu d e later would get put on the map as an oil boomtown. 
‘‘No tellin g how m any people lived here th en, th o u sa n d s.” said Glenn 

 ttonal C em etery in M u s ­ kogee 
Nor could anyone know 

M urdoch only bidder for N.Y. publications 

NEW YORK (AB) — The 
Washington Post Co. says it has bowed out of negotia­ tions to buy control of New 
York m a g a zin e and the weekly Village Voice, leav­ ing publisher Rupert Mur* doch the only active bidder. 
Murdoch Is chairman of the Express-News Corp of 
San Antonio 
City Councilman Carter 
Burden and his form er campaign manager, Bartlc 
Bul), own controlling stock in the New York Magazine 
C o., w hich runs the two publications as well as the m a g a z in e 's 
C alifornia counterpart. New West. 
New West has become a financial drain on the com­ pany, w hich told sto c k ­ holders last September that 
Its losses would “ offset a1) of the profit generated” by the other two publications 
It was reported Thursday that the Washington Post 
Artisans to show o ff their work 

Local artisan s w ill d e ­ monstrate their crafts Sa­ turday at R iver Square marketplace, 
The remonstration of the c r e a tiv e but d iffic u lt aspects of their work will take place from ll a rn. to 9 p m . at the marketplace at 
C o m m e rce and 
P resa streets. 
Linoleum print m aker 
Richard Conn, potter Pat 
M cT ee, m a cra m e artist 
Michael Brooks and artist 
Julio Garza will show the processes involved in their crafts. 
Robert Castillo will de­ monstrate metal sculpture techniques on the* lower le­ vel of River Square, 
O ther c r a ftsm e n villi show how to batik, sew childrens' Mulled toys and porcelain painting. 

 was comi>eftrig for control of the company with Mur­ doch, who owns SH publica­ tions in three continents and formally took over the 
New York Post Wednesday, 
A Washington Post spo­ kesman said the company had offered to pu rch ase 
Burden’s interest in New 
York Magazine Co. for $7.5o per share, for a tidal of $.‘12 m illion 
The new sp ap er said it assured Burden that ti its offer wore accepted. 

 all other sto ck h o ld ers uould bi* offered the same price, 
The Washington Post said 
F riday it term inated d is­ cussions with Burden when it received no formal re ­ sponse to the offer. Post publisher 
K atharine 
Graham was in New York on New Y ea r’s E ve to confer with Clay F'elker, p ublisher of New York magazine, about the possi­ ble sale. 

Semi-annual sale of children's shoes 
SAVE 
2o% -3o% 
Reg. 8.oo-2o.oo, now 3,99-13.99 
All our famous brands now at special savings! Choose from Stride 
Rite*, 
Young America, Keds* and more for boys and girls in styles for school, dress or play. Sizes vary in each style, but we've a good selection in each store. 
Hurry for best selection and save! 
Children s Shoes, 
Downtown, 
North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin. Use your charge card! 
‘Not available at Windsor Park. 

Sale! Semi-annual savings on men's 
Florsheim, Pedwin and Roblee shoes 
2o"-39 

Orig. 33.oo-6o.oo. Shop early for the best selection in your size! Choose from our famous brand shoes in dress and casual styles, It s the biggest selection ot discontinued and close-out styles we've ever had at these savings! Don't miss this opportunity to have handsome, famous brand shoes at savings! Men s 
Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park, Austin Highland Mall. Charge it! 

SEMI-ANNUAL SALE! 

Ladies' famous brand shoes 

RED CROSS* 
CONNIE 
AIR STEP 
LIFE STRIDES 

SAVE2o%-4o% 

Reg. 19.oo-32.oo, now 12.99-21.99 

Sensational savings on casual and dress styles from your favorite famous makers! Choose from red, black, tan, brown, navy and other popular fall fashion colors in styles for dress or casual wear, We have leather, suede and man-made materials. Not all sizes in all styles and colors, but a great selection in every size so shop early and save! Women's 
Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin, 
Use your convenient Joske's enjoyment card! 

‘This product has no connection whatever with the National American 
Red Cross. 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 

 rn X SKIT O f ALLIED STOS IS 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
U.S. pushing human rights in 6 nations 

Coleman urges strong action on oil spills 

PHILADELPHIA (AP) - 
Transportation Secretary 
William Coleman said Sa­ turday that with no inter­ national part on oil spills, the U nited S tates m igh have to impose unilateral sh ip p in g sta n d ard s to prevent future s p ills in 
American waters. 
“We have to do everyth­ ing we can to make sure our coastline and w aters are protected.” Coleman told reporters after he was briefed by Coast Guard of­ ficials or. last week’s spill in the Delaware River. 
‘‘We certa in ly b eliev e that in the absense of an agreement, we would have to impose unilateral stan­ dards,” he said. 
Agreement 
Coleman said an interna­ tional agreement might Ik * possible within three years, and he cautioned that un­ ilateral action could prompt similar acts in re­ taliation from some of the estimated 167 other nations stand 

Taylor. “ It was a tent city. 
There w ere c a fe s and a dance hall. Right w here this filling station is there was a store run by a man nam ed 
W heeler. 
Wood sidewalls and a canvas top 
That clock came out of the store.” 

 with port facilities. 
He also said he was con­ fident that his successor in the Carter administration, 
Rep 
Brock A dam s, D- 
VVash., w ill pursue the m atter after 
C olem an leaves the cabinet 
After the new s c o n fer­ ence. Coleman left for a helicopter flight over the area w here the Liberian tanker O lym pia G a m es ripped a hole in its hull last 
Monday and spilled 134.ooo gallons of oil into the river. 
The biggest spill that has troubled the U.S. coast was 
7.6 million gallons of oil off 
M a ssa ch u setts when the 
Liberian tanker 
Argo 
Merchant ran around Dec. 
15 and then broke up during a storm. 
To confer 

Coleman was to return tq 
Washington later Saturday and said he would speak with P resid en t Ford on 
Sunday about the oil spill problem. tall 

Still tick in g away on 
T a y lo r’s fillin g station wall, with the glaring in­ congru ity of its a d v e r ti­ sement for Calumet Baking 
Power, the clock is about all that rem ain s of the tow n ’s hour of sin and glory. 

 w a s h in g t o n po st s w v i a 
WASHINGTON - In the first of a series of reports required by a new law, the State De­ partm ent has told 
Congress that the 
United States is acti­ vely seeking to improve human rights in six countries where abuses have been re­ ported. 

The State D ep a rtm en t reports on human r i g h t s conditions and U.S. efforts in A rg en tin a , H aiti, In­ donesia, Iran, Peru and the 
Philippines were originally submitted to Congress on a confidential liasis in order to avoid diplomatic compli­ c a tio n s in the c o u n tries concerned. 
However the House Com­ mittee on International Re­ lations — which requested the Information under the human rights provisions of the recent Foreign Military 
A ssista n ce Act —in sisted that the reports be made public. 
Urging tolerance 

According to the State De­ partment data, which was released Saturday by the llous** Committee, U S di­ plomats and even military officers have been trying to con v in ce foreign g o v e r n ­ ments t/i improve the civil 
Uberties of their own people and be m ore to lera n t of dissent. 
The U S officials pointed out that publicized abuses can lead to c r it ic is m in 
Congress and, in extrem e cases, a cutoff of U.S. sup­ port. 
T he S tate D ep a rtm en t traditionally has been hesi­ tant to exert pressures in this area b ec a u se of the sen sitiv ity of foreign g o ­ vernments and the charge that the United States seeks 
-to in te rfere w ith their internal affairs.. 
Even when representati­ ons have been m ade, the 
State Department often has gone to great len g th s to keep them quiet. 
G row ing co n g ressio n a l 
* Interest and d ir e c tio n , reinforced by the strong cam p a ig n s ta te m e n ts by 
P r e sid e n t-e le c t 
J im m y 
( a r t e r that the U nited 
States must stand for hu­ m an rig h ts a b ro a d , is causing greater U, S. acti­ vism 
A m erican p olice under the new law is to deny mi­ litary ald or arm s sales to any government which en­ 

 gages in “a consistent pat­ tern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights.” By majori­ ty vote of both houses. Con­ gress can reduce or cut off aid or sales to an offending country. 
In each of the six reports re le a sed S a tu rd a y , the 
State Departm ent recom ­ mended against a cutoff because of overall foreign policy considerations. 
A 
House c o m m itte e sta tem e n t a c co m p a n y in g the reports indicated that an in d ep en d en t c o n g r e s ­ sional study will be mack'. 
The most extensive U.S. efforts and the gravest hu­ man righ ts p rob lem s c o ­ v ered in the six rep orts were in Argentina, where a m ilita ry coup overthrew 
President Isabel dc* Peron last March 
T he State D e p a rtm en t said m ore than 2.ooo Ar­ gen tinians w ere killed in the preceding three years of left and right-wing ter­ rorism , and that political violence including police- m ilitary vigilante squads have killed at least 1.ooo more since March 
U .S. d ip lo m a ts in W a­ shington and Buenos Aires have repeatedly raised the su b ject of hum an righ ts with the Argentine* govern­ m en t, in clu d in g len g th y personal presentations to 
President Jorge Rafael Vi- dela, his interior, justice and foreign m inisters and most either members elf this cabinet, the State Depart­ ment said. 

In addition. Pe ntagon of­ ficials and the uniformed 
U S. m ilitary attach es in 
Buenos Aires consistently raise'd the problem with the 
Argentine military, the re­ peat said 
A eeo rd m g to th e Slate’ 
Department, human rights problems and U.S. efforts in the othe*r cou n tries in­ clude 
HAITI 
- A “ basically authoritarian” government with little tradition of d e­ mocratic rule is slowly im ­ p rovin g the* p o litica l a t ­ mosphere*. However, even peaceful gatherings arc not p erm itted and about IOO political prison er s — uo- cording to U S estimates — remain in prison. 
T he U nited S tates had pu lled out its m ilita r y training mission in 1o63 due in part to h u m an rig h ts abuses. 
An “ extremely modest” military training program con cen tra tin g on air and sea r e sc u e w a s r e e s t a b ­ lishes! two years a ago be­ cause of "substantial!' im­ 

 proved p e r fo r m a n c e ” of the government on human rights. 
INDONESIA 
- A large num ber of p erso n s, e s t i ­ mated by the Indonesian go vern m en t as le s s than 
35,ooo, remain in detention as a result of the 1965 coup attempt.. 
A fter a 
1974 crackdown, the press is re­ ported b e c o m in g freer again. 
U.S. officials including the am bassador have had 
‘‘frequent d is c u s s i o n s ” with Indonesian officia ls about human rights. A m ­ bassador David D. Newsom in a Jakarta sp eech said som e A m ericans are con­ cerned about relations with a nation still Lmproisoning persons without trial. The speech was w idely reported on the local new’s. 
IRAN 
— About 2.8oo to 
3,5oo person s so m e tim e s 

 referred to a s ‘‘p olitical prisoners” are being held. 
Probably about IOO to 15o of those jailed neither advo­ cated nor p ra c tic e d v io ­ lence. Torture of prisoners has been reported, but the shah claims it is no longer list'd. 
PERU 
- The M orales 
B erm u d ez g o v e r n m e n t, w hich took pow er in a bloodless coup in 1975, is m ore m od era te than the one before, but still author­ itarian 
PHILIPPINES - Prest dent Ferdinand Marcos go­ verns by decree and politi­ cal p a r ties are in a ctiv e. 
E s tim a te s of p o litica l prisoners range from about 
5o9 to 6,ooo. There are do­ cu m ented reports of tor­ ture. though “ explicit go­ vernment policy at the po­ litical level" does not favor the practice. 

TH IS C L O C K w a s in the o rig in a l tent sto re in B o w le g s. I f s n o w In G le n n 
Taylor’s g a s station 
People from Bowlegs 

It happened that when til*' 
Seminoles were persuaded. 

BOWLEGS, Okla. (A P ) 
— Cheer up. You could live here and have to go through yet anoth er year te llin g people w here you’re from. 
Or not tellin g them . 
That s what Shirley Staf­ ford does. She was born here, went to school here 
(and rootl'd for the Bow legs 
B ison s) arid now w orks here at Vandever’s store, the only store iii a towu of 
.'KHI 
“ W henever I’m out of 
--tat** aud som ebody asks me where I'm from.’* Shir­ ley Stafford said. "I tell them Tm from five m iles south of Seminole 

Not that there isn t a great deal to be proud of about bailin g from B ow ­ legs. 
Ever heard o| a town w here the w ater tow er burned downo It happened in Bowlegs In 1967, 

Ever hoard o! a town w itll ail outdoor jail? Bow legs had one 
A ccord in g to 
Glenn T ay lor, who runs 
Bowlegs* only filling sta­ tion. th** local constabulary at one time simply mana­ cled its miscreants to a rail under an opon shed 
In Oklahoma, where the 
American cowboy remains a folk hero — celebrated with a Hall of Fame. no loss 
— and his every attribute is revered, one is obliged to consider every possibility of how B ow legs got its name. 

^S^nAntenio EXPRE S S -N E W S — 

Los Pastored 
S A N A N T O N IO C o n se rv a tio n Society m e m b e r C liffo rd W a lla c e , left, Toni 
O ’Brien and Victor Elizondo, director of the G uadalupe Church Players, stand in front of M ission San Jose, the setting for the society’s annual presentation of Los 
Pastores. The ancient Hispanic dram a w as first perform ed at the M ission 225 years a go . Refreshm ents w ill be a v a i­ lable at the 7 p.m. perform ance Sun­ day. A M a ss w ill preceed the perfor­ m ance at 6 p.m. 
St. Mary’s to sponsor child center 

A Child Development 
C e n te r d e sig n e d for children aged 3 to 5 will open in Ja n u a ry under the sponsorship of St. Mary s Universi­ ty- 
An open house introduc­ ing the center, located at 
2339 NAV. Military Drive. will be held from 2 to 5 p.m. 
Sunday. P a re n ts are e n ­ c o u r a g e d to bring th eir 
| children. 
. 
( lasses which begin Jan. 
JHI will be taught by 
» members of the St. Mary's 

Aliens to report in 
January 

All aliens should report their a d d resse s during 
January, said Joe Staley of the San Antonio Immigra­ tion and N atu ralization 
Service. 
Cards with which to make the reports are available at 
Post Offices and offices of 
•the Immigration and Na­ tu r a liz a tio n 
S e rv ic e 
' throughout the country. 
The reports must be sub- 
, mitted in person. 
Parents and guardians tare required to submit re­ ports for alien children under 14 years of age. 
Willful failure to report could lead to serious pen­ alties, Staley said 

 special instructional staff 
Mrs. Dona Callen. center director, said the instruc­ tional staff will be trained to utilize a v a riety of teaching techniques deve­ loped through the 
St. 
Mary's Education Depart­ ment. 
The classroom cu rricu ­ lum. she said, will be broad and creative. 
Emphasis 

“ T h e re will be an e m ­ phasis on m usic, art and the p re-acad em ic areas. 
Students also will be dir­ ected in dramatic activities and creative plays,” Mrs. 
( allen said. 
C lassroom furnishings, instructional materials and play equip­ ment including an outdoor swimming pool and a fully equipped gymnasium have been designed for use in child development educa­ tion. 
Tuition will be $12o per month for full day stu­ dents (7 a m. to 6 p.m.) and 
$7o per month for half day child ren attend in g the morning instructional pro­ gram only. 
Experienced 

Mrs. Callen has 13 years experience in early child­ hood p ro g ra m s and is a former faculty member of 
Our Lady of the Lake Uni­ versity. 
She holds a bachelor of science degree in education from Clarion State College in P en n sy lv a n ia and a m asters degree in educa­ tion from Indiana Univer­ sity of Pennsylvania. 
Perfection a way of life for debaters 

Like the perfect 3o(1 in bowling or a .UMH) batting average. Jefferso n High 
School’s Speech and Debate team keeps rolling along with perfect scores and top awards in speech tourna­ ments, 
During the last two years, the Jefferson debaters and sp e a k ers have won 
2o sweepstakes awards out of the 2o tournaments which they have entered 
Competing against the 
.best that other schools in 
San Antonio and T e x a s lune to offer, the Jefferson team, coached by Lanny 
Naegclin, Ira Evers and 
Susan Carter, have swept everything they enter. 
Naegelin and Evers Pavo been coaching the Jefferson speech te a m s for eig h t years, and Ms. Carter is rn 

 every day shop our lower level for lower prices 

MS A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

• DOWNTOWN 
• LAS PALMAS 
• AUSTIN HIGHLAND MALL 

SHOP MONDAY IO TIL 9! 

RUSH IN TO STOCK UP! YOU'LL FIND 
EVERY SHEET, TOWEL. REU PILLOW, 
BLANKET AND RATH RUG IN STOCK 
ON SALE!.. .CHARGE YOUR CHOICES! 

DooRBUSTERL.BATH TOWELS 
87* 

Orig. 1.97 to 2.29, now 

Matching hand towels, orig. 1.47-1.99 
.............. 67$ 
Matching wash cloths, orig. 97o-99o 
......................33$ 
Assorted prints. Sorry, no mail or phone orders. 

STOCK UP AT 2o%-5o% SAVINGS! 

PACIFIC 'MADRIGAL' FLORAL SHEETS 

OF SOFT. No-IRoN FORTREL-COTTON 

Twin flat or 

 fitted, reg. 3.99 I 97 

Full flat or fitted, reg. 4.99 
. 3.97 
Queen flat or fitted, reg. 7.99 
..................................... 5.97 
King flat or fitted, reg. 9.99 ..........................................7.97 
42x36" pillowcases, reg. 3.99 pr...................................2.97 
42x46" king cases, reg. 4.49 pr.....................................3.47 

A spring-fresh fantasy of flowers and butterflies for your beds in a decorative mix of blue, green, pink, yellow, orchid and gold on a sparkling white ground! Extra-strength muslin of 5o% Fortrel", a 
Celanese polyester fiber, and 5o% cotton to stay soft and smooth, never need ironing. Hush, stock up! 

FortTol' is a TM ol fib e r Industries, Inc a subsidiary o( tho Colones© C orporation 
C l lam ..v 

• r n ct 

 rn ? 

SAVE 18°/»-Zl%! ST. MARY'S 
SHEARED MONACO* TOWELS 
IN 12 DECORATIVE SOLIDS 

Bath towel, reg. 3.79 297 

Hand towel, reg. 2.79 
.................1.97 
W ash cloth, reg. 1.19 ......................97* 
White, peach, willow green, sable, yellow, gold, orange ice, copper, red, cerulean blue, black and suede for mixing, matching. Stock up! 

SAVE 22%-33%! BATH RUGS 
WITH DACRON POLYESTER 
PILE. PRETTY FLORAL TRIM 

21x36", 27" rd. or contour, reg. 5.99 397 

26x44", reg. 8.99 .............................. 5.97 
Std. lid cover, reg. 3.99 
................2.47 
King lid cover, reg. 4.49 
3.47 
Springtime' by 
Lacey Mills in white, gold, It. blue, brick, canary, orange, beige. Machine washable. 

 her first year of coaching. 
Twenty-seven Jefferson students participated in the 
Texas Forensic Association and the University Inters­ ch o la stic 
Leagu e state meets Three students went to National com petitions where the team ranked in the top ten and one student, 
Tommy Sim m ons, placed eleventh in original oration. 
Jefferson also received the 197$ San Antonio Out­ standing 
High 
School 
Speaker Award, presented by Trinity University to the entire learn. 
The school’s most recent winning streak took place in December when Je ffe r­ son took top honors in three out of six categories during a forensic tournament at the University of Texas at 
San Antonio. 

ENTIRE STOCK ON SALE! 
HOLLANDER BED PILLOWS 

SAVE 2o% 

NOW 2.4o 
TO 8.oo 

Beg. 3.oo-1o.oo. Standard, king ana queen sizes, various styles. 

MON.-WED. ONLY! SAVE 2o% 
ON ANY QUILTED BEDSPREAD 
OR COMFORTER 
IN 
STOCK! 
Bedspreads, reg. 17.99-39.99 . . . . 14.37-31.97 

Comforters, req. 16.99-31.99 ....13.57-25,57 
THROW PILLOWS, special purchase of decorator- styled 
9.ooto2o.oopillows 
............ . . . . 5 . 7 7 

Joske's Downstairs Home-World, 
Downtown, Las Palmas and Austin 

ORDER BY MAIL OR PHONE 227-4211 weekdays 8 a.m. 'til 9 p m. 
Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas782o6 
Charge ( 
) 
Check ( 
) 
Money Order ( 
) 
Please send me the following Downstairs White Sale items as advertised, add 5% sales tax. 

Quan 
Item 
Size 
Color I 
Price 
Tax 

I------- 
Name 
................................... ................................... 

Acct. No. □ □ □ o n c o CD 
Address 
....................................................... 
C ity .................................... ................................ 
State ........................................................................ 
Outside delivery area please add I OO for handlin side delivery rea, add LOO on purchases 25.oo an der. 
TO CALL JOSKE'S TOLL FREE, ii you live within 6o-mile radius of San Antonio, dial Operator and ask for E n ­ terprise 9951, 

In- un- 

'BED SACKS'.. .THE NEW 
MATTRESS PROTECTORS! 
SOFTLY QUILTED ALL OVER! 

SAVE 2o% 

Twin size, reg. 8.99 
7.17 
Full size, reg 1o.99 
.............. 8.77 
Queen size, reg. 13.99 
. . . 11.17 
King size, reg. 16.99 ......... 13.57 
Pillow covers, req. 2.99 
------ 2.37 

Perfect Fit's new 
Bed Sacks’ really 
‘reupholster' your mat­ tresses, box springs, pillows! 
Seamless, of polypropylene with sonic quilting, Kodel" polyester filling, in white. Come see them! 

AD EFFECTIVE JAN. 2 , 1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
OPEN SUNDAY IO A M -6 PM 
EXCEPT STORE NO. 3o CENTRAL PARK CLOSED SUNDAY 

W E RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
W E ACCEPT F O O D STA M P S 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

PACKAGE OF 6 
(AVG. 5-OZ. EACH) 

(NO BEANS) 

INSTANT PURE TEA 
NESTEA 

NESTEA 
NESTEA 

Miracle 
Whip 

PABST! 
BLUE RIBBON 
' 

12-12 OZ. 
- CANS.. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
Page 
I -C 
Soviet bloc facing econom ic woes 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
BONN, West Ger­ many — The Soviet bloc faces the new year with strengthened mi­ litary might and tight­ ening ideological cohe­ sion. 
But it is uneasy over re­ lations with an A m erican g overnm ent in tran sitio n and finds itself beset by varying degrees of internal te n sio n s and eco n o m ic woes. 
Soviet leader Leonid I. 
Brezhnev, like P resid en t­ elect J im m y C a rte r' is placing top foreign political priority in 1977 on reaching a second-phase a g re e m e n t—known as 
SALT II — on the limitation of U.S. and Soviet strategic arms. 
East-West talks in Vien­ na, 
A u stria, aim ed at reducing conventional forces in Central Europe, remained stalled at year’s end because of d isp u te s over the E a s t’s m ilita ry manpower and the West’s nuclear capability. 
Military edge 
Going into the new year, the Soviet bloc’s W arsaw 
Pact outnumbered Western forces in Central Europe by 
91o.o(1o to 835.ooo men and held n early a 
3-1 superiority in tanks and a 
2-1 edge in tactical aircraft. 
The Western allies in the 
North Atlantic Treaty O r­ ganization have more than 
7.ooo nuclear warheads in 
Western Europe, double the 
Soviet stockpile. 
Soviet relations with the 
United States near year's end reached a point of 
" s ta g n a tio n ’’ and even 
Saucer craze big in 
Russia 

 n e w y o r k t im e s s e r v i c e 
MOSCOW - A flying- s a u c e r cra ze has been flourishing in the S oviet’ 
Union. 
In classrooms and around dinner tables, in buses and offices, it has infected con­ versation like a ubiquitous germ , som tim es dividing friends into hostile camps of b eliev e rs and u n b e ­ lievers. 
The official press has thrown cold w ater on ru­ mors that extraterrestrial beings have paid visits. 
Falsify 
AU th is began se v eral months ago. As Soviet dis­ sidents circulated clandes­ tine typewritten essays and statements opposing gov­ ernment actions, someone began spreading copies of a five-page typed “ lecture” a ttrib u te d to E Y. Zigel, assistant professor at the 
Moscow Aviation Institute. 
It said there had been 3oo recorded sightings of uni­ dentified flying objects in the Soviet Union over the y ea rs and gave som e ex ­ amples. 
It is not c le a r w hether 
Z igel. who h as w ritte n books on a s tro n o m y , is actually the author of the lecture, or even w hether such a lecture was actually given. 
The p ro fe sso r h im self has said nothing in public since the type synopsis be­ gan circulating. 
I ne typescript included the tantalizing line, “ In the 
USSR, there exists a ban on all kinds of p ublications about U F O 's,” a re m a rk sure to enhance the docu­ ment's credibility. 
In a controlled society in which many people — in­ tellectuals, at least — tend to disbelieve the official p re ss, the typed p a p e rs known in R ussian as s a ­ mizdat, meaning unauthor­ ized publications, take on extraordinary' meaning. 
Rumors 
Under the czars, by one 
Muscovite’s account, it was customary to start a rumor before a c h u re h b e ll was cast in the belief that the more widely the rumor was a c ce p te d , th e b e tte r the c h an ce for a su ccessfu l cast. The expression “ to cast a bell, ’ m eaning to start a rumor, rem ains in the language. 
If churehbells were still being cast, Moscow could overfulfill its plan these days. The typed le ctu re 
Offers several examples of rep o rted U FO ’s that are widely believed. Last J a n ­ uary, the lecture avers, a 
UFO hovered over the city of Nalchik for 3B hours. A 
UFO tra ile d afte r an a irlin e r from V orkuta to 
Omsk. In I HBI a saucer ho­ vered for 45 minutes over a railroad crossing at Golyt- smo, 28 miles west of Mos­ cow; auto engines stalled and could not be sta rted until the saucer left 

On this an d ensuing p a g es is a deta iled w rapup o f w orld conditions with a review o f what tran spired in 1976 and a preview o f 1 9 7 7 

“ r e tro g re s s io n .” in the words of Jack F. Matlock 
Jr., U.S. charge d ’affaires rn Moscow. 
Persisting areas of fric­ tion at the turn of the year included Washington’s lin­ kage of trade to free em i­ gration and its insistence on broader compliance by the Soviet bloc to the 1975 
Helsinki a g r e e m e n t's provisions on the free m ovem ent of people and ideas. 
While stability and con­ tinuity u nder an aging 
Kremlin leadership c h a r­ acterized the Soviet poltieal scene in 197B. the situation in some other parts of the bloc was fragile according to one Western diplomat. 

This was particularly the case in Poland, where the regime of Edward Gierek was forced last J u n e to rescind drastic food-price increases averaging 5o per cent in the face of nation­ wide worker protests. 
At year’s end, problems of prices, growing national indebtness and m eat shortages still confronted 
Gierek. who ironically had risen to power in 197o after worker riots over food costs toppled Wladyslaw Gomul- ka. Food prices were frozen thereafter and have been subsidized ever since to the tune of about $15 billion annually, by W estern e s­ timates. 
A special Polish govern­ 

 ment com m ittee is study­ ing ways of m aking “ un­ avoidable” price increases more palatable in 1977. 
East Germany 
E ast G e r m a n y ,-which since tho building of the 
B erlin Wall in 19H1 had been one of the most tightly controlled 
C o m m unist societies, suddenly was confronted by a rash of in­ ternal unrest. 
T hou san d s of 
E ast 
G e rm a n s —W estern e s ­ tim ate s run as high as 
2o9.ooo—arc rep o rted ly taking the Helsinki accord literally and ask in g for permission to emigrrate to the West. 
Two conferences of War­ 

 saw Pact ideologists were held in Sofia, B u lg aria, tow ard y e a r ’s end to in ­ crease ideological cohesion and discuss ways of further shielding the bloc from un­ wanted Western influences. 
Romania 
R elations between the 
Romanians, m avericks of the Warsaw Pact, and the 
Russians grew w arm er in 
197B. Romanian President 
Nicolae C eausescu and 
Brezhnev exchanged visits and assurances of nonin­ tervention in each other’s internal affairs. However, 
Brezhnev restated during his November visit to Bu­ c h a re st the need for 
“ proletarian in te rn atio n ­ a lis m .” T his so-called 
Brezhnev Doctrine was the pretext used for the 19B8 
Soviet-led invasion of 
Czechoslovakia—an action th a t.Romania had boycot­ ted and condemned. 

 mrs rn £2nap rn? rn * mw* 
| * rn* 
J I 
I S J L I . S t J J lJ J J 
R S 

Brezhnev previously had paid a fence-mending visit to Yugoslavia in November, obviously to assu re P r e ­ sident Tito, who is 84, that 
Western speculation of im­ pending Soviet intervention in the Balkan state was a fairy tale. 

The Kremlin, however, did hot succeed in elimin­ ating basic differences with the ind ep en d en t-m in d ed governments in Bucharest and Belgrade. And Western diplomats even saw signs that the stau n ch ly loyal 
E ast G erm an reg im e of 
E rich H oneeker was u n ­ happy with the Kremlin. The 
East Germans were report­ ed to be complaining about the lingering effects of last year's drastic increases of 

 up to 13o per cent in the prices of Soviet oil and other raw materials 
Poor harvests combined with the drive to upgrade technology led the E ast bloc to g reatly expand trade and money dealings with the capitalistic world. 
This brought E u ro p ean 
C om m unist co u n trie s so deeply into the red th a t they began borrow ing from 
Middle East oil sheiks to repay the loans, according to a recent United Nations report 
The 
U N . 
E conom ic 
Commission for Europe es­ tim ated the Eastern debt with Western hanks at $17 .8 billion as of last March 
Because of the large sums involved. W estern banks became reluctant in 197o to 

LEONID BREZHNEV 

 continue lending at the previous high scale, the report said. The largest deb to rs w ere the Soviet 
Union with $5.B billion, fol­ lowed by Poland with $3.8 billion. East Germany $2.4 billion* and Hungary $1 ti billion. 

Today O nly — Holiday Hangover Sale 

12 NOON - 6 P.M. TOUDOUZE NORTH STAR ONLY 

Ie, by Stanley, has been discontinued after enjoying many years of popularity. But there is still time to take advantage of our -warehouse 
Y stock and buy a complete set or 
1 add pieces to the set you have. Available in 
■ white, red , or yellow 
I while stock lasts. 

AS 

 r n 

ALL FLOOR SAMPLES - 2o% OFF 
ALL W AREHOUSE ORDERS = 1o% OFF 
(some items may not be available.) 

LIVING ROOMS 

Kimball Cbrfir with 
Ca ne Arm Panels 

Fairfield Swivel 
Rocker — Eggshell 
V elvet 

 was $199.8o 
$ 
Wow. 69 

 was $144.77 n„$99 

Burlington Sofa and was $1136.8o 
Love Seat “ Gatsby Look’ 
$ 
W hite on White 
Wow. 697 

Kay Velvet Chairs — were $188.7o 
Canary, Parrot Green 
$ or Blue Grey 
Wow. 139 

Kroehler Chair — were $244.98 
Contemporary Rust or 
$ 
Green Velvet 
Wow. 179 

Highland House was $236.8o 
Chair — Spanish Style 
$ 
Gold Velvet 
Wow. 189 

Broyhill Wood Arm 
Colonial Group was $769.6o with Brown Cushions 
$ / O O 
Sofa and Love Seat 
Wow. 
S 

Chair and Ottoman 

Wow. 

 was $328.87 
$299 

DINING ROOMS 

Stanley — Oriental — antique W hite China 
Double Pedestal 
Table (I) Arm Chair 
(5) Side Chairs 
Wow. 

 was $1566.7o 
$1199 

Thomasville — Rural 
English — Honey Pine 
Huntboard and Deck — 
Pedestal Table 
(2) Arm Chair 
$ 
(4) Side Chairs 
Wow. 

 was $1975.oo 
1399 

DINING ROOMS 

Stanley — Mediterranean — 
Antique W hite China — 
Single Pedestal 
T able (I) Arm Chair 
(3) Side Chairs 
Wow. 

 was $1448.66 
$ 1249 

Stanley — Contemporary — 
Light Oak"— Parquet nlays China 
Table (6) Side 
Chairs 

 was $1789.2o 

 w 
$ ow. 1499 

O CCASIO NAL TABLES AT 
CLOSE-OUT PRICES. 

‘llh 

BEDROOMS 

DIXIE — Contemporary suite in Pecan and Oak 
Veneers I riple 
Dresser — Mirror 5 drawer chest — king size 
$ headboard 
Wow, 

 was $478.3o 
359 

H A R R ISO N - Colonial 
Dark M aple I riple Dresser 
Landscape Mirror was $648.5o 
4 drawer chest — full size ‘499 headboard 
Wow. 

DIXIE - 18th Cent ury 
Styling in Honduras — 
Mahogany finish 
7 riple Dresser — 
Upright Mirror Chest — was $766.4o 
Queen size poster 
$ headboard 
Wow. 599 

DIXIE - Italian provincial 
Dresser — Twin was $845.oo 
Mirrors 5 drawer chest — 
$ S Q f \ full, queen headboard Wow. 

LAWE — Contemporary 
I riple Dresser — 
Twin Mirrors 
5 drawer chest full/queen headboard Wow, 

 was $1172.4o 
* 849 

A large selection by Lane, Bassett, 
Singer & Riverside. Discontinued, scratched, odds & ends. 
Values to $ 69.oo Now $19.oo 
Values to $128.oo Now $29.oo 
Values to $169.oo Now $39.oo 
Values to $199.oo Now $49.oo 

GENUINE LEATHER 
CHAIRS 

Leathercraft 
Olive 

Leathercraft 
Royce Red 
349 

Leathercraft — 
Rust 

 was $4o9.97 
$ 
Wow. 

 was $679.8o n„*499 was $679.8o 
$ 
Wow. 499 
CHROME 6 GLASS 
By Bassett 

Sofa I able 

5 piece 
Party Set 

Contemporary Desk and Chair 

5 piece 
Party Set 

 was$199.7o n„‘I49 was $369.8o n„*259 was $471.o5 n_*379 was $659,9o 

 w ow.‘499 

RECLINERS 
KROEHLER - 
Early American — 
Red Plaid with 
Wood Arms 

KROEHLER - 
Early American 
Plaid Here. with 
Wood Arms 

 wow. 

 was $279.9o 
‘129 

 w 

 was $299.9o 
$ ow. 149 

 was $3o9.97 
BA RCA LO U W G ER - 
$ 
Green Velvet 
Wow. 239 

BA RCALO UW GER 
Pub Style — 
Brown Vinyl 

DESKS 
BA SSETT 
Roll I op — 
Colonia! Dark 
Pine. 

RIVERSIDE 
Early American 
Maple 

RIVERSIDE - 
Roll Top 
Maple 

JA SPER - 
Secretary — 
Mahogany — 

 was $348.97 n..‘249 

 w O W . 

 wow. 

 w 

 was $199.9o 
‘149 

 was $338.8o 
‘199 

 was $399,9o 
$ ow. 319 

W 

 was $459.8o 
$ ow. 329 

GUN CABINETS 
RIVERSIDE - 
Dark Pine - 
Holds 6 guns w 

 was $239.9o 
$ ow. 179 

RIVERSIDE - 
LiRht M aple — 
Holds 6 guns 
Wow. 

 was $249.9o 
$ 179 

JA SPER - was $369.7o 
M editerranean O ak — 
$ 
Holds 6 guns 
Wow. 279 
TOUDOUZE FURNITURE rgesa 
Bank Americard and Mastercharge accepted. Convenient terms available. 

3o2 W Rector 
Across from Worth Star Mall 
Mon I hur En : 1o-9 
I ues Wed S at: 1o-6 

Poge 
2-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
Mideast peace hopes are higher 

B E IR U T . Lebanon (A P ) 
The new year dawns with hopes high for an Arab-ls- raeli peace settlement in the M iddle East. If the hopes are frustrated a new war seems almost inevita­ ble. 
_ 
____________ __ 

“ The objective conditions for progress in the Middle 
East are better now than they have been perhaps at any time since the creation of the state of Israel.’' said 
U.S. Secretary of State 
Henry A. Kissinger, his 

 dramatic career as globe­ trotting problem-solver coming to an end with the arrival of a new adminis­ tration. 
President Anwar Sadat of 
Egypt is leading a new un­ ified grouping of Egypt. 

"SIZZLER” STEAK 
FOR TWO $4.99 

A steak so good we gave it our name! CLIP THIS COUPON and bring someone you like to Sizzler. 
Each platter includes baked potato or french fries and Sizzler toast. 

Su n .-T W *. 11 A.M . - 9 P.M . 
M . A Sot. 11 A.M . - I O P.M . 
• 462o Broadway 
• Hwy. 9o at Military Dr. 
• 14o2 S.W- Military Dr. 
• Vane* Jackson at loop 41o 
• Broadway at Loop 41o 
LAST DAY: THURS., JAN. 6 
L A S T D A Y : T H U R S ., J A N . O 
I 
E' N 

Syria. Saudi Arabia and 
Jordan. Taking a moderate line they are trying to force 
Israel onto the diplomatic defensive. 
“ Unless the peace process proves to be a failure before the whole 
World, I am not putting any effort into preparing for a fifth w ar,” Sadat told an interviewer in 1976. 
Yasir Arafat, the over-all leader of the 
Palestine liberation fori cs, declared he will accept a Palestinian mini-state if Israel gives up the Jordan R iver West 
Bank and Gaza Strip which it has occupied since 1967. 
The Palestinian demand for abolition of Israel was dropped in Palestinian pro­ nouncement at the United 
Nations. 
Mini-state 
The United States ap­ peared to be barking a 
Palestinian mini-state as the basis for a solution when it joined a U N. 
Security Council resolution deploring 
Israeli sett­ lements in the occupied territories. 
Israel stood firm on the 
Palestinian question, refusing to sit with Arafat's 
Palestine Liberation O r­ ganization at Geneva or to let the PLO set up a state on land now occupied by the 
Israelis. 
With an election coming up in Israel. Prime Minis­ ter Yit/hak Rabin cannot appear soft. His major rivals. Defense M inister 
Shimon Peres within the governing Labor party and the right-wing Likud bloc, are hawks, 
Israel still m istrusts 

V T ' 

M I 
| 
| 
. 
’ - 
I 
■■■— 
BEAST 

— 
... 

 mm 

 longterm Arab intentions even if nonbelligerency were part of a settlement and establishm ent of a 
Palestinian state. 
But pressure on Israel to settle* was bound to in­ crease if the Arab trend to moderacy continues, par­ ticularly from the United 
States. 
The United States now imports more than 4o per cent of its petroleum needs and the largest oil ex­ porters are the Arabs. 

Moderates 

Arabs are keeping about 
$2o bi Ilion in U.S. banks. 
U.S. exports, particularly of high-technology items, have a market in the Arab world. 

The moderate Arab bloc 

— Saudi Arabia, Egypt, 
Syria anil Jordan — was born from the 19-month civil war which left Leban­ on in ruins. 
Some 37.ooo persons were killed in the war. Beirut, once a lively center of fin­ ance, banking, commerce and services in the Middle 
East, is wrecked. A third of the three-million popula­ tion has fled the country and as the war ended 
3oo.ooo persons were said by the Red Cross to be completely destitute. 

In the end, 3o,ooo Syrian troops brought a halt to the large-scale fighting. Most observers expect a contin­ uation of small-scale dis­ ruption for some time. 

Saudi 
A rab ia’s 
King 
Khaled, for the first time in 

 his two-vear reign, used his influence based on his pro­ tectorship of the Islam ic holy places and a huge oil surplus to bring a sett­ lement. 
He calk'd together Syrian leader Hafez Assad. Sadat and Arafat and this was the result: 
• The other Arabs agreed to Syrian domination in 
Lebanon. This included domination of the Palestin­ ian guerrillas who had their major bases in Lebanon and sharply reduced the 
Palestinains scope for ind- pendent political action. 
Arab League 

• Syria agreed to protect the Palestinians from a crackdown by right-wing 
Christians trying to force the guerrillas out of the country entirely. 
• Saudi Arabia agreed to finance the Syrian police action in Lebanon which 

 was placed under nominal 
Arab League cover with the addition of a small force of other Arab soldiers. 
• Syria agreed to follow the lead of Egypt and Saudi 
Arabia in seeking a moder­ ate, negotiated settlement 
The settlement further isolated for rejection the front of Arab hardliners led by Iraq and including Libya. 
South Yemen. Algeria and several radical Palestinian guerrilla organizations. 
Another potential prob­ lem is the diseased econ­ omy of the moderate a l­ liance's senior partner, 
Egypt. Sadat wants a sett­ lement so he can stop spending 35 per cent of his budget on defense. 
If Sadat cannot turn the economic situation around in 1977, some say he might be tempted to turn to a time-tested method for get­ ting people’s minds off their empty stomach? — go­ ing to war. 
War, racial dangers foreseen in Africa 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
JOHANNESBURG, 
South Africa — The danger of spreading war and racial unrest in the two lingering outposts of white rule is likely to hold the 

This is the sale you’ve been waiting for! Now you can decorate your home with top- quality lines selected by professional designers at very special low prices! 
CLEARANCE SALE 
Everything 1o% - 5o% Off, 

WINTER 

Sofas and 
Love Seats 

American of Martinsville 
Contemporary style, wood arm sofa 
Upholstered loose cushions, in rich colors of brown, gold. amber, velvet fabric 
Reg $875.oo ............................................ 

Love Seat Reg $75o OO ......................... 

Flair 
84" Contemporary style sofa, fully upholstered in off white and beige textured flamestitch fabric. 
Reg $45o OO................................ 

Vanguard 
Fully upholstered, matching pair love seats, roll arm with upholstered block leg 
White - green • yellow flamestitch design 
Reg $695oo.......................................... 

Burlington Traditional 
Style 
84" Sofa fully upholstered in durable textured tabnc in colors of avocado, rust, gold Reg $875OO 
............................ 

Love Seal Reg $695 oo 

Ennis Contemporary Style 
Sofa 
Fully upholstered in durable stripe fabric • brown and white - lattice work on arms 
Reg $795 OO....................... 

Love Seat Reg $665 OO .... 

Burlington 
9o" Sofa — Contemporary style with wood trim on arms and back, durable, textured fabric in Indian design grey. blue. beige with red accent Reg $83ooo 
............. 

Love SM I Reg $87o oo ........... 

*595 
*495 

*495 each 

*595 
*495 

*595 
*495 

*595 
*495 

Love Seat Reg. $35o OO 
*395 
*295 

Classic 92” Sofa 
Top grain masterpiece leather, loose cushion Antique white Discontinued style. 
Reg $15oo oo .......................................... *995 

Thayer Coggin 
Contemporary style sofa — loose cushions upholstered in green and white tern print cotton fabric — white cane on arms 
Reg $725 oo...... ................................. 

Love Seat Reg $55o oo. 
*495 
*395 
More Sofas 
& Chairs 
Ennis 
84" Hi-back traditional style sofa • fully upholstered in durable Haitian cotton fabric with fringe trim on skirt. 
Reg $775 oo ................................. 
*55o 

Vanguard 
84" Mi-back traditional style crescent shape sofa Fully upholstered in cotton- linen fabMc Print design in colors of beige • maroon navy • grey Reg $875 oo *595 

Ennis Traditional Style 
Sofa upholstered block leg. rich chocolate brown velvet with contrast welts in oyster J C C Z A velvet Reg $78o oo 
D O U 

Ficks Reed Rattan Frame 
Sofa 
White finish Loose cushions, upholstered in green & white lattice design cotton linen J C O C blend labric Reg $745 oo 
...................... J 4 
. J 

Classic Wing Chair 
Top grain leather Gold with brass nail trim J A O f \ 
Chippendale style Reg $6oo oo .............. c L \J 

Accent Chairs 
Rattan tortoise finish Neutral color textured fabric seal cushions 
$ O O Q 
Reg $329 oo............................................ C .c J 3 
Dining Room 
Ficks Reed 
Rattan5*piece dimng room, Glass top 
% 7 P \ C \ 
(oval) table Reg $15oo.oo ........................ f U U 

Contemporary Style 
Brass & Glass 5-piece Dining Room Glass top 42" square Chairs upholstered back & $ r n r seat in rust velvet fabric. Reg $975 OO 
U 
O 
J 

Antique Reproduction 
Golden Oak 7 piece Dining Room 
Round extension table 2 leaves. 6 chairs 
J C Q C with cane seats Reg $895 OO................... 
J s / J 

5 Piece Dinette Or Game Set 
Cast Aluminum frame. Yellow enameled limah Chairs have wood arms. Cushions • J Q Q C white vinyl with yellow weds Reg. $415oo .. 
Z o J 
And Other Things 
Baker Secretary Desk 
Traditional style. Cherry 3V'wxir*dx38"h. J OCD 
Reg $39o OO............................................ 
Z j U 

Thayer Coggin 
Contemporary style sofa fully upholstered in white Haitian cotton fabric 
Reg $55o oo 
............ 

Love Seal Reg $395 OO 

Matching Rattan Chairs 
Upholstered in green, yellow, white tern print fabric Reg $28o oo...................... *195 

Baker Cabinet 
2 doors with brass mesh inserts, adjustable shelves One drawer & shelf concealed at bottom of cabinet Beautiful carved front. 
44"wx 19’ dx83"h Reg $11oo oo............. *695 
*45o 
*325 

Burlington 
84" traditional style sofa fully upholstered in rich red tones Oriental design velvet 
J A C / N fabric Reg $795 oo .......... 
H j U 

Lane Bookcases (2) 
White enameled finish 3 adjustable shelves with 2 doors al base 3o" wx 17"dx74"h 
J A C\gZ 
Reg $275 OO ..................... 
I V U 
There's Much More “All Specially Priced to Sell 
99 

Master Charge 
Bank American 
Revolving Charge 
DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS-SAN ANTONIO 

9329 Wurzbach at 
Bluemel/696-1791 
Mon., Tye., Wed., Fri. 1o6 
Thurs 1o8, Sat. 1o5 

AFRICA 

 in focus of attention 
Africa in 1976. 
But trouble exists else­ where on the continent in the form of political in­ stability in some black- governed nations and econ­ omic difficulties spawned, at least in part, by an un­ settled world economv. 
Rhodesia 
As the new year begins most attention is on Rhode­ sia where despite the now- adjourned peace talks in 
Geneva black nationalist forces are expected to es­ calate their four-year-old* guerrilla conflict. 
If moderates fail and the 
Rhodesian conference in 
Geneva collapses, the threat of foreign interven­ tion will mount. The talks are scheduled to resume 
Jan. 17. lf the talks succeed, the complex process of trans­ ferring power from the white minority government of Prim e M inister Ian 
Smith to the black majority will begin. 
Civil war 
Even then there is con­ cern over a possible civil war between the rival black nationalist factions in the former British colony. 
But if the war continues, the potential for outside in­ terference will grow in a country where 
277.o(H) whites rule 
6 4 million blacks. 
There are fears in some quarters of Angolan-style 
Cuban intervention on the side of the blacks and this could provoke a\ South 
African response. 
That scenario could en­ gulf much of the continent in an open-ended race war. 

South Africa 

South Africa, meanwhile, could be faced with es­ calating hit-and-run at­ tacks by insurgents in the disputed territory of South- 
West Africa (Nambia). 
Guerrillas of the South- 
West Africa People’s O r­ ganization (SW APO). oper­ ating from bases in south­ ern Angola, seek an end to 
South African control ol Hie mineral-rich region. 
South Africa, the undis­ 

 puted m ilitary and econ­ omic powerhouse in the region, then could he faced with internal racial prob­ lems as well. The wides­ pread black rioting across the country in 1976 could lead the change in the land of apartheid racial separa­ tion or tighter control ovt*r black and white political dissidents. 
Carter pressure 

The white-governed na­ tion is bracing for the in­ creasing pressure for fun­ damental change expected from the United States under the leadership of 
Jim m y ( arter. 
The posture of the United 
States and developments in 
Rhodesia and south-West 
Africa all will have a bear­ ing on the future of the 

Even if the current 
Rhodesian crisis is resolved there is still the threat o f civil war between riv al black f a c ­ tions 

 country’s IS million blacks and 4 million whites. 
A peaceful transition to black rule in Rhodesia and 
South-West Africa could pave the way for peaceful racial dialogue in South 
Africa. 
Angola 
On South Africa’s border, the former Portuguese ter­ ritory of Angola — now in­ dependent for more than a year — is still recovering from its civil war which continues on a minor scale. 
The ruling 
Popular 
Movement (M P L A ). still too insecure to send home the over 1o.ooo Cuban sol­ diers that intervened with 
Soviet hacking in 1975. faces continuing resistance of the pro-Western National 
Union for the Total In ­ dependence of 
Angola 
(UNITA). 
UN ITA g uerrillas are expected to continue their attacks on Angola's vital 
Bcnguela 
Railw ay and other centers and its leader. .Jonas Savim bi, vows to prolong the war until Cuban troops are withdrawn. 

In West Africa, oil-rich 
Nigeria is moving closer to civilian rule scheduled for 
1979. But party politics remain banned under the m ilitary which has run black 
A fric a ’s most populous nation for more than a decade. 
The assassination in ear­ ly 1976 of the chief of state. 
Brig. Murtala Mohammed. who was replaced by Gen. 
Olusegun Obasanjo, under­ lined the continuing poli­ tical instability that plagues many states in black Africa 
So did the bloodless mili­ tary coup in Burundi. where Lt. Col. Jean Bagaza toppled the regime of fellow army officer Ll. Gen. M i­ chel Micombero. who held power for nearly IO years. 
Coup attempts 
There were other at­ tempted coups in Sudan, allegedly backed by Libya, and in Guinea, where Pre­ sident Sekou Toure has ruled since 1958. 
Zaire’s massive foreign debts, which now exceed $2 billion, could lead to poli­ tical trouble for Zaire s president. Mobutu Sese Se- ko. 
But mounting debt has become routine for most of black A frica's im pover­ ished nations as it has for other Third World states. 
In East Africa, Ethiopia and Somalia are squabbling over the disputed French territory of 
D jib o u ti scheduled to be granted in­ dependence by France. 
And Ethiopia’s Socialist government faces contin­ ued problems at home with the secessionist movement rn Eritrea province. 

East Africa 
The pioneer East African community of Kenya. Tan­ zania and Uganda may fin­ ally collapse in 1977 over chronic political strains among its members. 

Kenya rem ains con­ cerned over the buildup of 
Soviet arm s in Som alia, and Uganda is seeking U S. m ilitary aid that could threaten a new round in the arms race. 

Mozambique and Zam ­ bia, both serving as bases for black nationalists fight­ ing in Rhodesia, are ex­ pected to carry the brunt oi that war. 

A M O N O F L E X R O O F i$ being applied to this house, that will not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate it against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. No matter what type of roof you have, Monoflex can be expertly applied directly over your old roof, whether it's shingles, gravel, metal, or roll roofing. Monoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. Stop by Coating Specialists at 11815 
Warfield or call 349-62o4 for a courteous estimate, 
(Adv.) 

Ta harp roar problem solved or a ques- tions answered, write Action-Express. P.O. 
Box 2171. San Antonio. TX 7H2i) 7. 
Shower control 

Could you please help me? 
I am looking for some kind of gadget that would meter a certain amount of water being used in the shower. 
It seems that I once read somewhere that the Navy had this kind of set up. 
I wish to thank you in advance for any information you can furnish. 
Audrey Grohman 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

Latin hum an rights an issue 

 q|( Sole Mio 
VV>Cir / -a iw r 

I 

Dino Rangel of the City 
Water Board said they were not aware of any such m e­ chanism. 

Rangel said the amount of water used in a shower w as probably the least amount used in the house. 
A shower uses about 1/4 the amount a tub bath uses. 

At full force, a shower uses about five to six gal­ lons per m inute. Using a shower at full for«*e is unli­ 

 kely though. Range! said. 
“These shower m assage gadgets reduce the amount of water used even more,*’ 
R angel said . “ W ith 1/3 open, w hich is a good stream, only two gallons of water are used each m in­ ute.” 
Rangel also said using or placing a w ater m eter would be foolish. “ It is too sm all an amount to m ea­ sure in com parison with other household uses.” 

ASSOCIATED WESS 
BUENOS 
AIRES, 
Argentina — The inau­ guration of Jim m y 
Carter may augur some basic restructur­ ing of 
U.S.-Latin 
American relations in 
1977. 

The nations of tho region most likely to be affected by the change of leadership in W ashington are those with military governments that have been accused of torture and repression of dissidents. 
Chile, 
Argen­ tina, Uruguay and Brazil have been targets of inter­ national criticism of viola­ tions of human rights. 
At the sam e tim e, the 
United States' nearest La­ tin A m erican n eighbor, 
Mexico, enters 1977 in the midst of its worst financial crisis in half a century. 
Unemployment is unoffi­ cially estimated at 
25 jut cent. The foreign debt has quadrupled to $19 bil­ lion since 197o and the on­ ce durable 
Mexican peso has been devalued in half. 

But there was wide­ spread hope that Mexico’s new president. Jose Lopez 
P ortillo, will be able to resto re p ro sp erity , a l th ­ ough several years of aus­ te rity m e a su re s a re e x ­ pected. 
C hile's m ilita ry ju n ta says it has all but emptied detention ca m p s w here thousands were form erly held without charges fol- 

There is wide­ spread hope that 
Mexico \s new pres­ ident will be able to restore pros­ perity . . . but it will take time 

 lowing the 1973 coup which ousted Marxist President 
Salvador Allende. 
The U.S. Congress shut off military aid to Chile and 
Uruguay. A rgentine m ili­ tary leaders are reported lo be concerned that they may receive the same treatment from the C arter ad m in is­ tration. 
P re sid en t-e le c t C a rter 

 said in November that U.S. aid and friendship toward other countries would be determined or affected cer­ tainly by the attitudes of those co u n tries tow ard human rights. 
Beyond hum an rig h ts, there are more basic stra ­ tegic co ncepts about h em isp h e ric re la tio n s which could face change. 
Aid halted 
The Republican adminis­ trations of Richard M. Nix­ on and Gerald R. Ford sin­ gled out B razil — a re- sources-rich South A m er­ ican country of more than 
IOO million people — for what was described as a special relationship. 
This U.S. stra te g y a n ­ gered political sectors in some other h e m isp h e ric countries. As big as Brazil is, they said privately, it does not rep resen t all of 
Latin America. 
Interest in Latin America w ithin the White House and the State Departm ent has 

R educed phone rates 

I am confused about the recent new telephone rates set by the Texas Public Utility Commission. 
I've read that home phone rates were reduced from $7.35 to $7, but that is for the lowest costing type of phone. 
I have the trimline phone which has a monthly rate of about $1o.71. Should I expect my monthly rate to lower any? 
I). A. H. 

Good news from South­ western Bell. 
Your teleph one bill should be about 65 cents le ss. The rate for basic service will be reduced by 
35 cents. 

In addition, the triniline rate will be reduced about another 
3o cents, said 
Gray Kerrick. public rela­ tions supervisor for South­ western Bell. 

Pet shop 

I was in a pet shop in one of the San Antonio malls the other day and was shocked. 
Some of the puppies in the cages had little or no water and the water they did have was very dirty. 
I told the manager about it and he just laughed. I know he didn't do anything to fix the situation atter I left. 
Those poor animals are not being taken care of. I’m an animal lover and it hurts me to see them growing up in those conditions. 
Could vou check into it for me? 
ANI VIAL LOVER 

Action-Express contacted the owner of the pet shop you are referring to. He said all dogs are on scheduled feeding and get the best food there is. 
He also said they were watered three or four times a day. 
“ Some dogs playfully or deliberately turn over their water containers and this dirties the cage,” the owner said. 
“ The dogs also m ess in their cage, but we do clean it up as soon as we find out,” he said. “The cages 

 are checked periodically.” 
The owner also said he appreciated your interest but he has never had a dog die of starvation or suffer from lack of water. 
“ I've never had one get distemper, which is related to filth, either,” the owner said. 
The pet shop is checked by the Humane Society and 
“ we have an excellent rat­ ing,” the owner said. 
In addition, the dogs get all the sh ots needed for their age and are checked for worms. 

Crime slop 

Is there anything that can be done about little gang groups who consistently throw all types of objects such as alum inum cans, rocks and rolled up newspapers at passing cars in the neighborhood? 
On several occasions, going down Hidalgo Street to my home, a particular group has thrown rocks at my car. 
Several attem pts have been made to bring this to tne attention of the parents of the children in the group. 
It appears that neither the parents nor the kids care about the consequences of the possible dam age to my car. 
( an anything be done to remove them with or without their parents’ permission without fear of having car, home or property damaged? 
Worse yet, there is the possibility of them beating up my three young brothers in or out of school. Your advice is urgently needed. 
ML R. S. 

Bet. Abel Vasquez, with the Juvenile Department of the San Antonio Police De­ partment, said the matter must be brought to police attention. 
“ P olicem en in patrol cars w ill attend to it im mediately,” 
Vasquez said. “ Especially if they are breaking the law by throw­ ing rocks. lo prevent people from being scared to call in com plaints, the police de­ partm ent devised Crim e 
Stop. 
The num ber is 
224-5222. 
“ People can call in and say what is happening, give a description of the people 

 involved or auto if any, and nam es, if any," Vasquez said. 
“The police can then look into it. The people who lodge the complaints don’t have to fear testifying in court or running into them,” Vasquez said. 
Vasquez also said the po­ lice can take action even if the kids are not breaking the law. 
“Many times these kids congregate in corners or on the highway and Jump in front of cars to scare the drivers,” Vasquez said. 
“ The police department brings them in too,” Vas­ quez said. 

In testa te m oving 

I recently moved to Texas from Kentucky and had some trouble 
We moved some of our fu rn itu re and belongings ourselves, but had to use a moving company to help us. 
Some things were damaged. We took out some insur­ ance, but the company is giving us a lot of trouble We can’t get them to settle 
Is there anything we can do? 
P. V. 

 lf you have a complaint about interstate muting of either furniture or yourself, ca ll the In terstate Com ­ m erce Comm ission’s Mov­ ing Hotline. 

They can help you with problem s or com p lain ts about in tersta te m oving com p an ies, buses and trains. The tell free number is 866-424-1312. 

 not been high during the recent Republican years, despite Secretary of State 
Henry A Kis,singer’s pro­ clamation of a new dialogue in 1973. 

Brazil helped 
Events in Africa, includ­ ing w ar in Angola and racial tensions in Rhodesia and South A frica, have placed Latin America back at the bottom rung, say diplomatic sources. 
Yet, a review of the Latin 
American panoram a su g ­ gests that the C arter a d ­ m inistration may be con­ fronted with serious prob­ lem s other than those dealing with human rights. 
Old tensions from the 
War of the Pacific fought by Chile, Peru and Bolivia are increasing as the 1ooth anniversary approaches in 
1979 
Chile w rested territory in arid desert from both Peru and Bolivia when all three fought over rich n itra te fields there. Bolivia also 

 lost its access to the Pacific and has sought to get its own soajiort ever since. 
Chile has offered to give 
Bolivia a seap o rt and a narrow strip of land bo r­ dering P eru in exchange for an equal am ount of 
Bolivian territory along its border with Chile further south. 
P e ru , which m ust be consulted on any land deal involving its old territory under a 1929 treaty, instead proposed that all th ree countries govern a Pacific port area for use by the 
Bolivians. 
The question, which often is spoken of as a dangerous one for the southw estern sector of South Am erica, remains unresolved as tin' new year begins, but poli­ tical analysts say the prospects for arm ed con­ flict remain dim. One rea­ son given is that Peru is stru g g lin g to te m p e r its eight-year-old socialist ic revolution with some con­ servative m easures in an attempt to overcome stag­ gering economic troubles 
In Panama, chief of state 
O m ar T o rrijo s a p p e a rs close to be winning a new 

PORTILLO 

Panam a Canal treaty with the United States in 1977. 
Carlos Andres Pere/, the president of oil-rich V en­ ezuela. one of the handful of civilian governments left iii 
Latin 
A m erica, is scheduled to visit tile Unit­ ed States in 1977 for talks with the C arter a d m in is ­ tration 
JANUARY 

I i i 

KING or QUEEN 
SIZE 
BLANKETS 
$g88 

LIMITED QUANTITY 
KING 
BEDSPREADS 

‘12oo 

(MiJ PERFECT SLEEPER 
SUPREME MATTRESS SETS 
/ 2 PRICE 

 v 
■ 
■ 
■ 

KING SIZE 
ANTIQUE 
BRASS PLATED 
HEADBOARDS 
Reg. $119.95 

ONLY$ 
95 

Ii 
Ss 
Tty*. 
Lf 

FACTORY IMPERFECTS 
TRUNDLE 
BEDS 
W O O D EN ENDS 
2 MATTRESSES 
$ 
95 

LIMITED 
QUANTITY 

 r n 

IV/ 

 t: 

 i t 

 rn 

PERFECT SLEEI 
M A U R I 

>ER SUPREME 
SS SETS 
TWIN SIZE 
•UST PRICE ‘239.oo 
FOR 

$ 
1 
1 
9 
* 
5 

FULL SIZE 
•UST PRICE ‘279.oo 
FOR 

$ 
1 
3 
9 
* 
5 

QUEEN SIZE 
•UST PRICE ‘339.95 
FOR 

$1 6 9 95 

KING SIZE 
•UST PRICE ‘479,95 
FOR 

_ 1239“ 

$ 

 aam 

M A T ] 

O S U *plY 

*4 % 
V 
V 

* BASED ON FACTORY SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICES 

MISMATCHED & DAMAGED 
MATTRESS SETS 

O 
MARKED 
DOWN 
OVER 

LIMITED 
SUPPLY 

KING SIZE 
SHEET PARS MATCHED 
I - E l m o SHEET 
1-FIAT SHEET 
„ 
2—PIUOW CASES $ I O O O 

HAUTH) QUANTITY 

I k 

 aa IHI SLEEP SHOP 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444 

FREE DELIVERY 

A SETUP 

3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
736-5878 

QUEEN SIZE 
SHEET PARS 
MATCHED 
I — FITTED SHEET 

I — FLAT SHEET 

2— PILLOWCASES 
OO 
LIMITEDS 
QUANTITY 12 

San Antonio E X P R £ S S -N EW S — Sunday January 2 1 9 7 7 
MERCER SALE 
STARTS TOMORROW 

O P E N S fO 8:oo P.M. 

AND 
INC.! 
MERGER SALE 
PARKING 

HAS NOW RESTOCKED, REGROUPED, 

REORGANIZED, TO BRING TO YOU NEW SAVINGS 

WOOD 
*22" 
ROCKERS 

BEDDIN 
3 /3 T W IN 
S IM M O N S 

FU LL S IZE *48 
' v 
.:»*** •: 
■ 
__ « v . . 

ZENITH 

1 3 ” Color T V 
-> J* ‘ 
* 

FAM OUS N A M E BRANDS . . . 
KROEHLER — FRIGIDAIRE - 
LA-Z-BOY—BASSETT—K I N G - 
K O H — M A Y TA G — H IGH­ 
LAND HOUSE - BURLINGTON 
— A L E X A N D E R SMITH — 
SUNBEAM — GENERAL ELEC­ 
TRIC — BROYHILL - INTER­ 
N A T I O N A L - Z E N I T H - 
SEALY — SIMMONS — DIXIE 
— TAPPAN — Q UASAR — 
BERNHARDT — WHIRLPOOL 
AND MANY OTHERS 

EVERYTHING REDUCED. . . 
M ANY MORE ITEMS NOT LISTED 
MANY ONE OF A KIND 

SAVINGS OF 
3o%, 4o%, 5o% 
AND UP TO 7o% 

FIRST COME FIRST SERVE 
NO EXCHANGES 
NO REFUNDS 

SIMMONS & SEALY 

12 C U , FT. a 
T rik 

12 CU. FT. 
FREEZER 
_ , . 
4 
. 
WASHER 
Refrigerator •; 
^ 
_ 
............. 
*244 
« 6 I *299 

A U 
JUVENILE 
FURNITURE 
MUST 
GO! 

SELECT FROM HUNDREDS OF 
• LIVING ROOM SUITES • BEDROOM SUITES 
• DINING ROOM SUITES • APPLIANCES 

AU SIZES 
Simmorn & Sealy 
BEDDING 
REDUCED 
‘ 
TO SELL 

BRING YOUR PICKUPS & TRAILERS 

19" 

COLOR TV 
*366 

CARPET 
• 
REMNANTS 
12x16 
*98 

ALL MUST GO! 

ALL 
DECORATOR 
MIRRORS 
REDUCED 

ODD 
BED SIDE. 
TABLES 
*33 

KNEEHOLE 
DESK 
*88 

IT MAY BE DAYS BEFORE DELIVERY 
9o DAYS 
NO FINANCE 
CHARGE... 
36 MONTHS 
TO PAY BLEDSOE 
Co 
315 E. COMMERCE 

DELIVERY 
UP TO 
15o MILES 

BAR STOOLS 
* 2 5 

OCC. TABLES 
I 
*1o I 

STEAM & DRY 
IRONS 
* e 

ASSORTED LAMPS 
I 
*5 i I 
W&v & UP 

RECLINERS 
* 6 6 

Occasional Chairs f, 
* 5 5 
I 

5-PC. DINETTES 
* 4 7 

SOFA & CHAIR 
I 
* 9 5 
| 

A i i J(Ll a 

San Antonio EXPRESS-fslEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
BANGKOK, 
T hai­ land — The Commun­ ist and non-Communist leaders of Southeast 
Asia, having exp er­ ienced their first full year in decades with­ out war in the area, are expected in 1977 to de­ vote more energy to their n atio n s’ econ ­ om ies than to ideo­ logies. 
Most observers foresee a continuer). lovv-kev effort by the I ' n Her) 
S t a t e s , th e 
Sox let I ti ion and < lima to seek influence i i i the a n a . disrupter) from th e 195os until 197a by confl ic t in 
V ie tn a m . Laos a n d C a m ­ bodia — Hie na tio n s that make up Indochina. 
Thinning defense 
The United States, which lost its m i li ta r y b a s e s in 
Thailand in 1975, will have to pay a hefty rental bill in 
1977 to m a i n ta i n its m i l i ­ t a r y i n s t a l l a t i o n s in th e 
P h ilip p i n e s . T h e s e b ase s are part of a thinning U.S. 
Asian de fe nse line which stretches from South Korea to Diego Garc ia Island in the Indian Ocean 
T h e 
Soviet 
U nio n is developing close ties with 
V ietn am and Laos, while 
China c o n ti n u e s to evert influence in Cambodia in an effort to show S o u th e a s t 
Asia there is more to fear from the Soviet bear than the Chinese dragon. 
S o m e d i p l o m a t i c o b ­ servers and comm enta tors p r e d i c t a s t a t u s q uo b e tw e e n the t h r e e C o m ­ munist-led nations of Indo­ china and the Association of 
S o u th e a s t Asian N atio n s 
( A S E A N ) m a d e lip of 
T h a i l a n d , M a l a y s i a , th e 
Philippines, Singapore and 
Indonesia. 
Cooperation 

ASLAN m e m b e r s ta l k increasingly of cooperation and even bilateral defense arrangements, but internal e t n u o m i c a n d p o litica l problems appear as the top p r i o r i t i e s for S o u t h e a s t 
Asian governments in 1977 
H e re is a c o u n t r y - b y - eountry look at the area; 
—BURMA: The military g o v e r n m e n t in R a n g o o n has re ce n tly in dic a te d it may c o m p r o m ise with its isolationist “ Burmese road to s o c i a l i s m " and accept foreign adv ice and aid foi­ ns troubled economy. 
- C A M B O D I A 
Still shrouded in self-imposed secrecy. Cambodia has set up a low -p r o file t r a d i n g concern iii Bong Kong to obtain vitally n e ed n l s u p ­ plies for its u l t r a - r e v o l u ­ ti o n a ry . p e a s a n t - b a a e d society. 
Vietnam 

—V IE TN AM : W h a te v e r its lo n g - r a n g e fo reig n policy plans, Hanoi clearly has se! economic growth as a primary goal and will he preoccupied with integrat­ ing the Socialist North aud the free enterprise-inclined 
South. While no overt op ­ position is expected, H a n ­ oi's leaders admit they will have to combat apathy and flab that has begun to infect 
C o m m u n i s t p a r t y r a n k s alter the end of a zealous, all-out war effort. Western nations may well be asked to provide needed raw m a ­ t e r i a l s , s p a r e p a r t s a n d knowhow. 
—LAOS: The Communist leadership in Vientiane is p r e o c c u p i e d w ith r e c o n ­ s t r u c t i o n an d t r y i n g to s h a p e i f s not a l w a y s willing popula tio n into a 
, 
Socialist mold 
- T H A I L A N D Officials in Bangkok arc hopeful that th e c o m b i n a t i o n of an economic upswing, greater 

SOUTHEAST ASIA 

 foreign investment and in­ te r n a l poli ti cal s t a b i l i t y will have justified a m i li­ ta ry coup last O c t o b e r which e n d e d a c h a o t i c t h r e e y e a r e x p e r i m e n t in 
Southeast A s i a ’s last full d e m o c r a c y . 
E x p e r t s p r e d i c t a slow g r a d u a l recovery with a 6.5 to 7 per cent e c onom ic grow th in 
1977. 
- T H E P H I L I P P I N E S : 
With a s e r i e s of n a t u r a l calamities behind it and a firmlv entrenched position in d o m e s t i c politic s. 
P r e s i d e n t F e r d i n a n d E. 
Marcos* government faces 
1977 with unchanged prior­ ities. A four-year economic development pro gram is geared to increase exports, self-sufficiency in food and an in tensified s e a r c h for oil. 
T h e 
P h i l i p p i n e s remains tinder martial law i m p o s e d by M a r c o s four years ago in what he said was a safeg u a rd m e a s u r e against subversives. 
Program 

- I N D O N E S I A : 
L ik e 
Marcos and other Southeast 
Asian s t r o n g m e n . P r e ­ sident S uharto's basically military rule in Indonesian 

 faces little challenge to Its authority in the parliamen ­ tary elections scheduled in 
May. Indonesia slit! suffers from the 1975 collapse of its giant state oil corporation. 
P e r t a m i n a . which set the c o u n t r y ’s e c o n o m i c p r o ­ s p e c t s h a c k four to five years. 
- M A L A Y S I A ; 
T h i s young nation is faced w ith a possible pt*r struggle with- 

F ER D IN A N D 
M A R C O S 

 in the govern ing p a r t \ of 
P r i m e M i n i s t e r H u s s e i n 
Olin. but oft louis look for­ ward to a bright economic year — lunged to recovery in the United States, .Japan and Western Europe. 

Corruption 

S o m e d i p l o m a t i c a n d local analysts say that the end of the Indochina w ars and the withdrawal of for­ e ig n m i l i t a r y f o r c e s in 
Southeast Asia now leaves it ti p to th e n a ti o n a l governments to solve prob­ lems that are com m on to much of the area. They list those as corruption, the gap between ail urban rich and a rural poor. in ult iplv mg populations, shrinking food re s o u rc e s and a g r o w in g blight in urban life. 

Thailand, Malaysia, the 
Philippines and some of the o th e r na ti ons c onti nue to face antigovernment in sur­ gencie s, but i i i 1976 they were at a low level 

M any of th e n o n - C o m ­ munist leaders say that the success or failure of their c a m p a i g n s a g a in s t i n s u r ­ gents depends more on in ternal social and economu reforms than on any outsidt interference 

SAVE 25% 
ON WAMSUTTA 
MADE-TO-MEASURE 
CUSTOM DRAPERIES 

Special savings now! Don't miss this chance to save 2 5 % on our entire collection of Wamsutta custom draperies. Each drapery made to exact window size. Choose from hundreds of fabrics and colors. Allow four weeks for delivery. 

D rap e ry D epartm ent 

We Make House Calls 

Free decorating assistance from our Decorator Studios: 

Windsor Park, 654-3131, ext. 363; Central Park, 341-5151, ext. 363 

• Curtains 
• Swags 
• Woven W oods 
• Draperies 
• Cascades 
• Tie Backs 
• Cornices 
• Venetian Blinds 
• Valances 
Drapery Rods 
Bedspreads 
• Carpeting 
Dillards 

Asian eyes turning toward Carter 

ASSO CIATED PRESS 
TOKYO 
— 
Once again Asian eyes will turn toward Washing­ ton in 1977. 

What the administration 
•if .Jimmy C a r t e r does — and how it does it — will have a general impact on a politically sensitive region w h e r e A m e r i c a n s h av e fought th ref' major wars in 
31 years. 

But Asian and U.S. eyes also will be on th e new le a d e rships of China and 
.Japan, the a re a’s two most powerful nati ons, and on 
South Asia w h e re full r e ­ p re s e n ta t iv e gov e m i n e n t has lK'cn suspended in In­ dia. Bangladesh. Pakistan and Sri L a n k a, f o r m e rl y 
Ceylon. 

Insofar as President-elect 
Carter is concerned, Asians will w a n t to d e t e r m i n e 

HUA KUO-FENG 

 w h e t h e r tie i n t e n d s to continue, or dismantle, the pow er e q u i l i b r i u m put t o g e t h e r by two 
U.S. 
R e p u b li c a n a d m i n i s t r a ­ tions and mainland China. 

T h is b a l a n c e of p o w e r formula envis ages conti n­ ued close U.S.-China ties as a c o u n t e r w e i g h t to th e m a s s i v e S o v ie t m i l i t a r y p r e s e n c e on the C hinese- 
Sov iet borders. 
Carter has an opportunity to strengthen the Washing- ton-Peking link by e x te nd­ ing full diplomatic recogni­ tion to China, a move which so m e a n a l y s t s say would im p r o v e it s b a r g a i n i n g position in dealing with the 
Soviet Union. 
Taiwan 
R e c o g n it io n of P e k i n g would entail withdrawal of the U.S. Embassy from na­ tionalist Chinese-governed 
Taiwan. 
Although China reserves the ri ght to use force in settling the Taiwan p r o b ­ lem — the island is recog­ nized by both Taip ei unit 
Peking as part of China — the Chinese have shown no 

ASIA 

■s 
SII 

 sign of belligerence since the beginning of Asian d e­ tente in 1971. 
T a iw a n c o n t i n u e d to boom economically during the year — showing a $481.2 million trade surplus tn the 
Ja n u ary -N o v em b er period 
— and. on the su r fa c e at least, rem ained politically stable through the m o m en ­ tous leadership changes on the mainland. 

Hong Kong 

Another china neighbor, 
Bong Kong, c o n ti n u ed to d e m o n s t r a t e its st a b ility with Chinese relations d e ­ scribed by the government as 
" e x c e l l e n t . ” 
One g o v e r n m e n t official said with the change of lead e r­ ship in China. Bong Kong 

 can look forward to even better relations in the years to come. 
American recognition of the still unproven moderate re g im e in P e k in g of Hua 
Kuo-feng would shore it up a g a i n s t p a r t y r a d i c a l s hostile to its policy of r a p ­ prochement with Washing­ ton 
Closer ties between Pek- 

Econom ic problems big in Southeast Asia 

PARK CHUNG HEE 

 ing and Tokyo are seen as a result of the .Japanese g en ­ eral election Dee. 5, which left the long-governing 
Lib era l-D e m o c ra tic pat tv in precarious control. 
Fishing rights 

The outstanding bilateral p ro b l e m in an o th e r w i s e h e a lt h y U . S . -.Japan r e l a ­ tionship is that of fishing. 
J a p a n , w h ic h d e p e n d s heavily on fish protein for its ti n m illio n p e o p le , reacted with dismay to U.S. proclamation of a 2oo-mile 
• limit. Though ad ju stm ents m a y be m a d e to p e r m i t c o nti nued J a p a n e s e f i s h ­ ing. this n o rm a ll y c h e a p food staple will almost c e r­ tainly become a m o r e e x ­ pensive item tor the 
Japanese. 
Tokyo also awaits a sig­ nal from Washington over the question of withdrawal of the 42,ooo U.S. troops in 
South Korea. 
Korean 
Bolti T o kyo a n d Seou l fear a hardening in the U.S. re s o lv e to p h a s e out th e 
American forces by an a d ­ ministration critical of tin' denial of human rights by 
South K o rea n P r e s i d e n t 

IN D IRA G A N D H I 

Park Chung-hoe. and. more recently, of Soul ti Korean eff o rts to i n f lu e n c e I S. congressmen. 
S t r a i n e d 
U . S . - K o re an relations could have an a d ­ verse effect .on P ark 's per­ sonal hold on power 
His failure to maintain friendly links w ith 
W a s h i n g t o n co uld e r o d e his s u p p o r t within the army, his chief pillar of support. 
The impact of the Carter administration on events in 
South Asia c a n o o h he 

 guessed at. The India-Pa- kistan war over Bangladesh t u r n e d New Delh i a w a y fro m 
W a s h i n g t o n a n d toward Moscow 
The U.S. voice is less easily h e a rd now that th e d e m o c r a t i c process has disappeared in 
In d ia. 
B a n g l a d e s h . 
Sri 
Lanka and Pakistan 
Elections 
P r i m e M i n i s t e r I n d i r a 
Gandhi of India has put off 
Indian elections scheduled for 1977 until til*' year atter. 
B a n g l a d e s h ' s m i l i t a r y s t r o n g m a n , G en . Z i a u r 
Rahman, has cancelled hts 
Ejections and th ere is un- ce rt aint v o v e r w h e t h e r planned (‘lections will take p la ce in Sri L a n k a a n d 
Pakistan 
Mrs G a n d h i's decision means sin' will continue to govern through emer ge ncy p o w e rs in v o k e d in J u n e 
1975. 
T h o u g h d o m e s t i c prt'ss censorship has been relaxed and lifted for for­ eign c o rr e s p o n d e n ts , an d s o m e o p p o s i ti o n l e a d e r s have been r e l e a s e d f r o m mil, there is nothing to in­ d ic a te that a u t h o r i t a r i a n rule will come to an end in 
1977 i i i what once was the world’s biggest democracy. 

Dillards 

SHOP DILLARD S IO A.M. TO 9 P.M. MONDAY-SATURDAY 

LESLIE FAY SUITS 

SET YOU FREE 

WITH ELEGANCE 

Discovery ... new 

 freedom in Leslie 

Fay suits. Traveling 

 or brisk living, I o o % 

Q iana ", cowl neck, 

2-piece suit in unique blue 

 floral on white adds your 

 touch of refinement to any 

 situation. Easy to pack. W ash 

 and wear. Sizes 8-18 ... $ 4 8 , 

Poge 
6-C 
SoaAntonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunda y January ? 1977 
Conditions bleak for West Europe 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LONDON — Disap­ pointed by economic depression, voters turned against their governments across 
Western Europe in 
1976 to leave weakened and unstable adminis­ trations facing pro­ found political and economic problems in the new year. 
Minority or coalition governments now rule from 
Sweden to Italy and from 
Portugal to Turkey 
Keen President Valery discard d’Estaing s coali­ tion government in France is doubly undermined by the rising fortunes of the combined left and stirrings of rebellion among his own political allies. 
Only Austria. Greece, 
Norway and Switzerland can boast solidly based administrations. 
Foreign debt 

Tile governments of Bri­ tain and Italy, desperately iii debt to foreign creditors. seek further aul from their friends for their dislocated economies. 
Despite att years of dicta­ torship, Portugal's extreme leftists attack Portugal s moderate Socialist govern­ ment with bombs. 
Similarly, as King Juan 
Carlos gropes toward democracy for Spain after 
4o years of dictatorship! some opponents insist on all or nothing — now . A 
December referendum. hmvc\ cr. o\ erwhelmingly endorsed the k in g 's pro­ gram to establish repre* scuta! iv e government. 
Northern Ireland's fes­ tering sectarian sores run 

WEST EUROPE 

GSSCARD d’ESTAING 

 open vc itll the death toll mounting steadily. 
The problems ahead in 
IOTT are basically econ-, omit*, hut political uncer­ tainties abound. 
And throughout Western E u ­ rope, government and civie leaders appeal lei President 
- elect .Jimmy Carter lo show them the way for­ ward. 
Some leaders of countries in the1 European Common 
Market have called for a summit meeting with 
Carter as soon as possible after his .fan. 2o inaugura­ tion to survey the darken­ ing economic horizon. 
Common Market 

The nine Common Mar­ ket countries are par­ ticularly v ulnerable to the cost of oil since all. with the exception of Britain with a burgeoning How from the 

North See, must import petroleum. 
The sharp increase in the pric e of oil in 1973-74 hit 
Western Europe hard and brought on the worst de­ pression since the 193os, 
The two-tiered 5-15 per cent price increase decreed in mid-December by the 
Organization of Petroleum 
Exporting 
Countries 
(OPEC) could lie a heavy blow to Western European balances of payments, especially those already in deficit, and make a ren­ ewed recession more likely, some experts said. But a split in OPEC's ranks may cushion the blows sonic* what. 
Britain 
, 
Britain’s Labor govern­ ment received the full im­ pact of economic discontent and the Labor party was badly split, with the left wing demanding a siege economy, while the right wing urged curtailment of the benefits of the social welfare state*. 
At the year's end, the breakup of the United 
Kingdom was being debat­ ed as Parliament con­ sidered a hill giving a measure of home rule to 
Scotland and Wales. 
Popular discontent provided the Communists iii Italy a record jump from 
27 to 34 per rent of the electorate in the .lune na­ tional elections. The Chris­ tian Democrats, who have governed since World War ll. remained the largest party but now govern only by means of the good w ill of the Communists. 
In duly, Mario Soares' 
Socialists returned the 

 highest poll in Portugal's national ballot and formed the country’s first democratically elected government in 5o years. 
But it was a minority 
Socialist administration operating with the help of more moderate parties. 

Soares’ Socialists sur­ vived an electoral tost iii 
December but the party- lost ground in that nation­ wide municipal ballot to a radical coalition led by the 
Communists. 
In Sweden, OU' Palme’s 
Social 
Democrats lost power for the first time in five years, ousted at the polls by a Conservative coalition. A number of is­ sues were involved in the 
Socialist downfall hut popular discontent was prominent among them. 

West German 

West German voters turned their backs on Chan­ cellor Helmut Schmidt’s So­ cial Democrats last Oct. 3 and slashed the majority of his coalition government with the Free Democrats from 45 seats in the Bun­ destag to IO. 

Despite the apparent trend in Northern Europe away from socialism toward more moderate doctrines, noticeable also in Holland and Denmark, the reverse seems to be happening in France. With national elections only lh months off. the opinion polls show 
President discard d’Estaing trailing far behind a Socialist-Com­ munist coalition. 

The Common Market stagnated through 197K. to the despair of ardent federalists. Prospects are for more off the same. 

SPECTACULAR SAVINGS O N SPECIALLY 
ASSEMBLED GROUPS OF LATEST DESIGNS & 
M PATTERNS! VAST SELECTION A T LO W PRICES! 
• 
~ 
‘ 

Z 
T m v _ 
. , 
_ 

»»r * 
. 
^ 

PLENTY OF FREE PARKING* 
FREES ILLUSTRATED INSTRUCTIONS! 
FREE! OSE OF SPECIALIZED TOOLS! 
FREES EXPERT ADVICE, PLANNING HELP! 
O y FULL REFUND ON ALL UNUSED TILE! 

USS c#> 

PRE PASTED, 
REG. $1.98 

FRoSnlii 

PREPASTED 
VINYLS REG. 
TO $4.95 
FR O M 

CLOTH-BACK 
VINYLS REG. 
.TOA* nm- 
.S / R 

S O LD IN 
O O U B U 
R O LLS O N LY 

Thrifty & Durable! 
VINY1oN FLOOR TILE 

• COLORFUL SELECTION! 
• MADE TO LAST & LAST! 
• HELPS HIDE SCUFFS! 

BOLD CARPET TILE 
EASY SEIP STICK BACKS! 
SOFT FOAM CUSHIONING! 
• MOISTURE RESISTANT fl2»12" 
A.. A 
A 
C 

SQ 

121 i r ■ r n *i 
o 
2 9 

MOISTURE RESISTANT 
^39 

A r m s t r o n g 

12-FT. VINYL FLOORING 

• FOR SEAM FREE FLOORS! 
• BRIGHT, BOLO DESIGNS!. 
• SHINY ANO CUSHIONED! 

U A 
I 

GLAZED MOSAIC TILE 
• BRIGHT, LASTING SHINE! 
GREAT COLOR SELECTION! 
• WON T SCRATCH OR STAIN! 

o 

SHEET 

A " *® *- FROM 
SO FT. 
S H U T S 

HEAT COLOR SELECTS 
ONT SCRATCH OR STAI 
Sfc79 

Lifetime dazed! 
CERAMIC TILE VALUE 
• SOFT SHINING PASTELS! 
• STAIN/SCRATCH-PROOF! 
• STAYS GLOSSY CLEAN! 

SQ. 
FT. 

CLEAR MIRROR TILE 
- BRIGHTENS ADDS LIGHT! 
OO IT YOURSELF I SAVE! 
ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY1 
U2* 12" 
« 

SQ 

(GENUINE CORK TILE— 
■ w rnsiw iio W B r o o c 
OR ENTIRE NATURAL TEXTURE h i m , . 
1,7 
W 
W j? 
I DECORATOR 
I - LO CH . F fflS tlK E Cf NUW ! 
BRICK, WITHOUT THE WEIGHT' 
_ 
[OAK PARQUET TILE 
I * GENUINE INLAID OAK PARQUET 
FOR RICH, LASTING ELEGANCE' 
NATURAL OR ANTIQUE S V U O W W . 

IT 

C AR TO N 
C O V * RS 
FT o 9 5 

W 
GTN. 
•*33 

BEAUTY SHOW THRU-CRYSTAL 
CLEAR VINYL! 27" WIDE. «n79 

BAHKAMERICARD, MASTER CHARGE AND ^HOPPERS CHARGE WELCOME 
17,4 
OPEN M O N ,- 
S.W MILITARY OR. m 
* 

SOM!PATTERNS 
92 4 -9 2 2 1 
FRI* 9 I ® \ X 

M A Y v a r y 
6435 SAN PEDRO 
S A T . 9 x o o t o 

344 ,572 
5 : 3 o 
1347 BANDERA RD 
434 93o6 
CLOSED SUNDAY 

HOME IMPROVEMENT SUPERMARTS 
V abys ▼mr 
** " a s i a 
IMKMfCMnsTllK 

Copyright \ % n 

COUPON SALE 

THREAD 
BOXES 

Limit 2 w/coupon 

Coupon 
8 8 *f 

Good Thurs., Fri., & Sat., Jan. 6th, 7th & 8th 

1oo% Polyester 
FIBER 
FILL 

Coupon 

Limit 

2 Bags88? 

1 Lb. Gag with coupon 
Good Thurs., Fri., & Sat.— Jan. 6th, 7th & 8th 
FASHION 
BUTTONS 

Coupon 
15 CARDS FOR 

Limit 15 Cards 

Good Thurs., Fri., Sat. Jan. 6th, 7th & 8th 
88 

GABARDINE <:°upon 

By MillikenR 

I o o % Polyester 

Beautiful Spring 

 colors for that 

 just right look 
Good Thurs., Fri. & Sat. Jan 6th, 7th & 8th 

YARD 

^ 
Coupon 

Roll 
Elastic 

5 YARDS FOR 

Good Thurs., Fri. & Sat. 
Jan. 6, 7, & 8th 

WEA VER 
CLOTH 

4 5 " W ide 

5 o % Polyester— 5 o % Cotton 

Solids & some prints 

C oupon 
^ 

1oo% Polyester 
SPOOLS 
THREAD w * 

Limit 8 spools 
C / * 

Good Thurs., Fri. & Sat. 
Jan. 6, 7, & 8th 

Coupon 

/ 1 i i 

I THA HIS o7 

 rn y a r d 

Good Times., Fri., & Sat., Jan. 6th, 7th & 8th 

New Shipm ent 
1oo% Roly ester 
Sublastatic 
Prints 

All Bright Colors for 
The Spring Look 

Coupon 
New Shipm ent 

YARD 

Good Thurs., Fri. & Sat., Jan 6th, 7th & 8th 

MAGNETIC 
P.I \ 
CADDY 

Coupon 

Reg. $2.25 
NOW ONLY88E A 

Good Thurs., Fri. & Sat., Jan. 6th, 7th & 8th 
AGINGHER' upo,' 
ONCE IN A 
LIFE TIME BUY f SCISSORS 

So sharp they will cut through 32 thickness of Polyester 
Double Knits. 
Good Thurs., Fri. & Sat., Jan. 6th, 7th 8t 8th 
PAIR 

933 PLEASANTON 
I W M Ai* 933 l l IS 
O N N * DAYS A WUK 
AA** -An * 9o A AA 
A AA Sol 9 3o 6 

“ e i i i M e a d o w l e a f d p 
C o n * ** M o fc o h R * * n d Ump 41o 
I W 
N 
. * 7 3 - 7 1 4 1 
O U K * OATS A WUK 
|A W > h , 9 3o A AA.-o A AA Sal 9 3 o -4 9 AA 

 at M m . Rd 
A N *** Ate *o 4 -4 1 3 3 
O U N 4 DAYS A W UK 
AA** A,, 9 3o A AA 9 A AA Sal 9 3o-4 A M , 

6 o 1 4 W e s T 'A V E N U E 
1 
C *»it*i ml W **i Aw**w* A l*o p 41o 
AN#** Ate 349-1349 
OABN 4 DAYS A WICK 
A W -An 9 3o A AA 9 A AA Sa* 9 3o-4 A M , 

FASHION 
FABRICS 
BY 
THE 
YARD 

WONDER 

WORLD 

OF 

FABRICS 

• l l n i m 

PRICES GOOD ALL W E EK LONG! 

SALE STARTS MONDAY, JANUARY 3rd AT 

ALL STORES 

Tin HSI)a y . m i n \ ) . i I 
S M I 

White Eyelets 

45" wide Polyester & Cotton 

The perfect fabric for 

 any age. 
CLEA KAME! 

YARD 

T-Shirt Knits 

6o" wide— Polyester & Cotton 

 machine washable— Beautiful selection of Prints 

A Im ays 

First 

Quality 

Super lluv 

YARD p p i n a I 
. 1 3 JLI. I 
E/I J 
U 
SATIN 

1oo% Acetate 

Rainbow of Colors 

MOI 

 a 

•I 

* 

YARD 
TAFFETA 
1oo% Acetate 

Great Selection of Colors 

1 
o 
o 
% 
Polyester 
Double Knits 

Ponte • Stitch The 

Favorite Double Knit 

For Every Woman s 

Dream 

I AHI) 

Terry 
Cloth 

• 1oo% Cotton • Some 

7o% Acetate 3o% Nylon 

YARD 

YARD 
QUILTS 

• 1oo% Cotton Face 
1oo% Polyester Fill 
1oo% Acetate Back 
88 

YAH!) 

Sheer Coordinate* 

45“ Wide, 1oo% Polyester 
Coordinated w/pr»nt or crepe 

YARD 

Bottom 
II eight 
Krinkle 
Cloth 

Polyester & Cotton 
Machine Wash 
Great Selection 
$133 

Chantress 
(coordinates 

♦ 
Like Magic Together 
1oo% Polyester 

YARD 

Denim 

45" Wide 

• 1oo96 Cotton 

Machine Wash 

Low-Low Price 

YARD 

1oo% Polyester 
Double Knits 

Beautiful Selection 

 of Assorted Stitch 

 in Great Selection of 

Colors 

YARD 

33 

YARD 

FOR HOME DECORATORS 

SCISSORS SHARPENED 

 leafed and Adjusl 
FREE 

All Work Done While You Shop 

Professional Sharpeners — Mr. & Mrs. W. L. Gettle 

Mon A Tues. 
Jon. 3rd & 4th 
6o14 West Avenue 

Wed. A Thor* 
Jon. 5th & 6th 
11425 Perrin Beitel Rd. 

Frt. & Sot. 
Jon. 7th & 8th 
5712 Wuriboch Rd 

Will be at Cloth World the above days to sharpen your scissors. Limit one pair to be sharpened FREE. 
Small charge for pinking shears, electric scissors and extra scissors. _ 
HOURS 
— 
9:3o TO 6:oo 

Animal 

F / • v 
Kingdom 
Prints 

Short Pile 

YARD 

VINYL 
# 1oo% Vinyl Esc* 
# 1oo% Cotton Back 

# Fun Rod*. First Quality 

YARD 

HERCULON 

• 1oo% Olefin 

Upholstery. 54 Wide 

Tweed, Solids, Plaids 

YARD 

Cmmrni 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

W 
U 
THE MONEY SAVER 
WAREHOUSE 

I 

P R I e g g 
6 o o o 
ATOR. 
SU MOA y i/Aa/. 2 y^ /2 v 
^ 

 r 
X 

3 A** 
PC 7Vt /2 /uivvrre 

•*% 
A 
^ RCA 
C o l o r T r a k 
25r 

S U M 
/ A Y J x Z - 

* 
2 
o 
2 
o 
A u s t in 
H 
K 
H t f 
A 
Y 

*» 

 diagonal 

 s 
_____________________ 

R C /1 

 g u r r i e s 

Un-. (liefo» M.mmh 
MnielfiA?9S 
AJO p u n cm A se K e p i//r o d 

 pgTUR/JA#1^ 

2 
& 
K 
C 
A e m u 

& 6H T fe A tm to fi/n /A 2f/im /rz"R ffle ie 'a % i T K 

 to se 6tt/& /a m a 
SfiT .w w r \/M z9'77 

 r io s per&Tk 

9 a m - a s p «w 

 g u n e 
/ 
R 
/ 
< e u 
S r 

 d o A / e y I 

B e e A o gay esJ& Ar cur Peer con/ SAH/// /P/COAUD 
A e r c u e 

 t o t e r n t i/ J r 

••csSf fV / z Y o u e 
4HoPPM Cr 
C tx/vzjif/erfce! 

/O ur. PRD 

 g P /P r* 

/V e e r* 

 y V e / o c R a c goR peA /& 

'A 
S 
A 
O 
A 
O 
o / U 
D o r u 
. 

B u V cu e At o u e &&■ H| m 
-uv o u r p r o u r r £& 

U 
Z 
V 
S A 
V 
U w e e a u d 
^ 
| c o w s a p c p p / a r 
J a A 

B u m m e l 
I ic e 
M 
M 
M 

SAI/U 

 c e r o t e 
,^W 'MPV/WCO A A/D 
CRT oue 

Bu / duoAr cup PCC 
/DIA/ GAM/wee APP 

C C T O U I 

 re f R C & V & o & 

C M 
M 
M c N 
J B T 

^ e e s s s 
, 

C c t o m c 

Pec/STPAT/OH ROR PCA COLOR TM ANC ZCN/TH BlACkANO M IW TV. AHD 
AU SUY CNC- 6erONB ARCC //BM ? M U AT ZO& Attend HtMMMtut/\ 

M O S T A M 
P S 

 ju t r M 
W 
V 

 r n 
> i£> 

 r n 

-;>!f t i * 

LOW EVERYDAY MONET SAVIN NR ICI 
MARYLAND 
CLUB COFFEE 
\ l l C AN 

•ONUS IA R O A IN S 
AJAX 
CLEANSER 

•ONUS •ARG AINS 
BAKERITE 
^SHORTENING 

IR IC IS GOOD NOW THRU 
JANUARY 8, 1977 

$199 

14 OZ 
. CAN 
2 
6 

 tow everyday mon it saver mice 
GOLD MEDAL 
FLOUR 
I L l 
BAO 6 
9 
: 

 l * L I C A N 

R R O IH R T Y O F F O O O M A R T B A K E R Y , IN C , 

 lo w EVERYDAY M O N EY SAVER N RIC I 
4,NACK 
F ALS! AFF 
LONE STAR or PEARL 

12-OZ. C A N S 
MOT O N LY s p 

LOW EVERYD AY M O N EY SAVER N R I C I 
TUB OF 
CHICKEN 
USDA INSPECTED 
............... 
IR 

LOW EVERYD AY M O N EY SAVER N RICI 
MIRACLE 
WHIP 
KRAFY 
Q UART 
9 
9 

 l o w EVERYDAY m o n e y S A V U N RIC I 
CHUCK 
STEAK ............. L l 
6 
9 

_______________x 

LOW EVERYDAY M O N EY SAVER N RIC I 
CHUCK 
ROAST 
•LAO ! CUT 
. . . LB 
5 
9 

RROPfRTY OF FOOD MART BAKERY, IN C . 

LOW EV ERYD A Y M O N EY SAVER NRICI 

R H IN fWEIN. C H IAN T I, 
V IN ROSE. 
F P A N Z I A H 
DINNER WINES1 
$176 

MS I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 977 
_ 

THE MONEY SAVER 
WAREHOUSE 

MOW 
S O U 
WAREHOUSE 

'N * MOM*' » *< •» 
WAREHOUSE 
’»» «*OM«» »»»*■ 
WAREHOUSE 

’ >»» HOKU S«vt» 
WAREHOUSE 
95o Bandera Rd 

E Q A.M . - f 2 M /P-M /TE fo r Your Shopping Convenience 

»----HOW PVCS SAVU SAYE XXJ *AO*/£Y ? 
J 
1. w| ®VY ,N 
LARGE Q U A N T lT ltS 

2 

W I DO N O T 
STO CK AS M A N Y ITEMS. THIS RI 
. 
DUCES OUR LABOR COSTS 

3 

W E C U T A N D PRICE M ER CH A N D ISE AS 
IT 
. 
CO M ES OFF OUR T R U C K S 
THIS REDUCES OUR 

LABOR COSTS 
4 

W E DISPLAY GROCERIES BY TH E CASE A N D 

• 
PRODUCE BY T H E LUG. 

5 

W E SEAR CH FOR SPECIALS A N D PASS M A N U 
. 
FACTU R ER 'S A LLO W A N C ES A L O N G T O YOU. 
6 

W E SELL GROCERIES IN G R E A T V O LU M E . THIS 
. 
KEEPS OUR COSTS DOW N . 
7 

W E PROVIDE A C O UPO N E X C H A N G E TA B LE TO 
. 
HELP REDUCE YOUR COSTS 
8 

W E ASK YO U TO HELP US KEEP PRICES D O W N 
. 
BY C A R R Y IN G YOUR O W N GROCERIES TO 
YOUR CAR . 
9 

W E KEEP THE O V ER H EA D TO T H E BARI 
• 
M IN IM U M SO W E C A N H A V E LOW ER PRICES 
W 

W E W ILL H A V E LITTLE OR NO 
. ADVERTISING 
^ 
EVERYDAY LOW AACA/ey S A V & Z f 
' 

 c o n t m r 

 fAi'OoM/. 

2o2o 
AUSTIN A WY. 

 m t a e s 
& 
o 
o 
o 
/ m a l l 4 - s t o r e s 

 tow EVERYDAY MONtY SAVI* M K C 
AIM 
TOOTHPASTE 

SUN 
DETERGENT 
MR. G 
FRENCH FRIES 

12-OE CAN 
1o-IN 
IO-CT 
IOX 
OO o-IN 
I OO-CT 
IOX 

LOW (VIRYDAY MONtY M Y M M HU 
T H A l f E H ll-QV DISHPAN CUTLERY TRAY 
I Ulm EL ll 1o-QT wAfTi ism n-oT am 
DI iO T I A t ^ l a u n n y * ask et Rbt rLAO I I V D RETAIL VAL l h EACH J 
W yo ur choice 
PRICES GOOD N O W THRU 
J A N U A R Y 8. 1f77 

_ 
Sgn Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Januory 2 19 7 7 

 sr 
Bulletin 
Board 

■. *• 
.'Jf. 
WHATS 
COMING UP! 
IK SAN ANTONI 
THIS WEEK 

K ennel club sets show 

The Bexar County Kennel 
Club will sponsor a Dog 
Show Charity Match Jan. 9 at the Joske’s Lower Level 
Parking Lot in North Star 
Mall. 
Proceeds from the show will be donated to the 
Lone Star Chapter of the 
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. 
Registration for the AKC 

 approved show begins at 8 a m an ends at 1o:45 a.rn 
Judging begins at 11:45 a.m. with sporting breeds, working breeds and junior showmanship. 

For advance registration, telephone 
494-5821 or 
69o-84o2. 

Scottish Rite to recruit 

A m em bership kick-off meeting will be sponsored by the four San Antonio 
Scottish Rite bodies at 6:3o p.m. Wednesday. 

At the meeting to be held in the banquet hall of the 
Scottish Rite Tem ple at 
Avenue E and F ourth 
Street, plans will be mack* for tin* mid-winter reunion to be held on the four Sa­ turdays in February. 

During the reunion the fourth through 
32nd degrees of Scottish Rite 
Freemasonry will be con­ ferred on a class of Master 
Mason candidates who will come from the 55 county - 
South and Southwest Texas area under the jurisdiction of the local bodies. 
R eservations for the 
Wednesday dinner meeting may be m ade by calling 
222-o133. 

D efen sive driving cou rse set 

Greater San Antonio Sa­ fety Council is offering the 
National Safety Council’s 
Defensive Driving Test at two locations this week. 
The course will be offered at Roosevelt High School on 
W alzem Road Tuesday 

 through T hursday from 
6:3o to 9:3o p.m. 

It will be offered at 
Chrysler Plymouth City, 
IH1o and Culebra Avenue, from 6 to 9 p.m. Tuesday through Thursday. 

C l'S A holding anemia seminar 

A seminar and workshop at the University of Texas at San Antonio next week will focus on sickle cell anemia and other abnormal hemoglobins — the part of the red blood cell which normally carries the oxy­ gen. 

A seminar for physicians, nurses, lab personnel, wel­ fare workers and genetics counselors will be conduct­ 

 ed Tuesday. About 15o per­ sons, including health practitioners from Mexico. are expected to attend. 
The diagnosis of abnor­ mal hemoglobins will be the subject of a more tech­ nical workshop schedule and Jan. 5-7 for about 45 laboratory specialists. 
Both the seminar and the workshop will be conducted in the Science-Education 
Building at UTSA. 

L od ge to install m em bers 

Henry R iem er, grand president of the Sons of 
Hermann, will address the officers of the seven Her­ mann St>ns lodges at in­ stallation ceremonies at 2 p.m. Jan 9. 
Officers of the two Her­ mann Sons youth chapters will also Im* installed. 
The 73.IHM! member-Sons of Hermann Order, estab­ lished in Texas by German pioneer settlers, is famed for its insurance benefits 

 for its memliers, plus many other social and fraternal benefits. 
The society operates free dancing schools for its jun­ ior members in a number of co m m unities, youth summer camps and a home for its aged members 
The camp and tin* home are both in the Hill Country at Comfort. Home offices for the society and lodge are in San Antonio 

Free-lance seminar planned 

An all-day sem inar for 
San Antonio-area persons in terested in free-lance w riting is scheduled for 
Saturday at the Albert Pick 
Motel, 1H41U and Jones- 
Maltsberger Road. 

The sem in ar will be coordinated by Dudley 
Lynch, a 
D allas-based free-lance writer and con­ tract news corresponded. 
A former staff writer for the Dallas Morning News 
Sunday magazine. Lynch has worked as a free-lance writer and correspondent for more than 5o publica­ tions. 

His seminar, called "The 
M aking of a Successful 
Free-Lancer,” deals with the independent writer as a complete person, examine mg the creative, financial and interpersonal stresses encountered as well as the w riting and m ark etin g challenges. 
“ Our sem in ar p a rtic i­ pants get exposure to fac­ tual techniques and helpful experiences not available in most college w riting courses.” Dudley said 
The workshop will run from 9 a m. to 6 p.m. Ad­ mission is $35 per person and can bt* paid at the door. 

I T plans dow ntow n courses 

The University of Texas at San Antonio College of 
Business will offer three undergraduate courses at the Institute of Texan Cul­ tures during the spring se­ mester. 

Courses in accounting, business law and manage- 

PLANT LICHT BULB 

Januory Special 

Reg. $1.98 
$ | OO 

 m o w 
I 

PoiJ7§uLwt 
{p a id tH * ( 

 v ^ ' st* a* 
\ \ . . 
S 
V 
N 
^ kmt fftwr P la n ts P ro w I 

 inent will be* held Monday, 
Tuesday and Wednesday evenings. 
The courses are a pilot program to gauge demand for classes in the downtown area. 
Deadline for applying for the spring sem ester is next 
Tuesday. 

Opening the toys 

ST. MARY'S UNIVERSITY 
President, The Rev. James 
Young, center, and Dr. Jack 
Broodhurst, dean o f the 
School of Arts and Sciences, help M rs. D a n a C o llen , center director, open toys in preparation for the Child 
D evelopm ent 
C e n te r’s opening Jan. IO 

Building of road to start 
I 
; J 
Construction on the first segment of the $2.8 million 
Pleasanton Road/Moursund Boulevard redevelopment 
.project will begin Monday. 
Initial work will cause indefinite closure of Pleasanton between Military Drive and Pyron Avenue, according to 
City Traffic Dir. Stewart Fischer. 
A marked detour route will allow motorists to avoid the construction area, Fischer said., 
Kelly Construction Co. is contractor on the project, which involves complete redevelopment of Pleasanton from Pyron to Ansley Boulevard, and Moursund, a contin­ uation of the major south side traffic artery, from Ansley to IH41o, Fischer noted. 
Included is rebuilding of the streets, installation of storm drainage systems, construction of sidewalks, curbs and wheelchair ram ps and installation of new traffic control devices. 
Completion is expected in approximately two years. 

4.69 Reg. 5.5o 

CARTER'S JAMAKINS, WARM 

AND CUDDLY in easy wash polyester/ cotton. Footed, with easy change 

 snaps. Pretty yellow, boy's or girl's, s-m-l xl. 

Terry Coverall Sleeper in several 

 pretty pastels with trim, polyester/ 

 cotton, s m-l-xl, special purchase..4.59. 

 f i r - v 

9.99 Reg. 13.oo 

GREAT NAME 2 PC. BUNTING SET. 
Bundle baby in the hooded, footed 

 and mitted sleeper that zips. Then zip baby in the cozy bunting sacque. 

Pretty pastels, blend of acrylic and cotton. 

5.99 Special Purchase 

CARTER'S BLANKET SLEEPERS. 
Warm like a blanket, fits like a sleeper. 
Feet have durable soles for away 

 from home wear. Color choice in 

 blend of modacrylic/polyester, s-m-l-xl. 

1.o9 to 3.59 
Reg. 1.5o to 4.25 

CARTER'S “ TO Y LA N D " LAYETTE 

COLLECTION. Save 2o% on our fun 

“ toyland" prints and solids. Gowns, 

 sacque set, bassinet sheets,. crib sheets, wash cloths and towels. Fortrel# 

 polyester/Arneftriacetate. 

13.6o to 48.oo 

Reg. 17.oo to 6o.oo 

SAVE 2o% ON OUR Q U A LITY 

STROLLEE FU RNITURE AND 
ACCESSORIES. From the popular strollers and walkers to car seats, 

 playpens, bassinets and hi-chairs. 
All patterns. 

47.99 to 128.oo 

Reg. 5 9 .9 9 to 1 6o .oo 

SAVE 2o% ON SIMMONS AND 

CONNER FORREST FURNITURE 
FOR BABY, cribs in 

 handsome pine or maple. See this 

 terrific collection and save. 
(Wonderland Only.) 

Crib Bumper Pads and Mattresses by Kolecraft and Simmons. 

Attractive prints and solids. Quality built for protection and comfort. 

Reg. 9.5o to 45.oo....... 7.6o to 36.oo 
(Wonderland Only.) 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon Sat IO to 9. Rhodes Charge BankAmertcard Master Charge American Express An 
Company 

« 
W 
W 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
H 
Page I I -C 
Library donating 
5 o o old volumes 

Apparent low bid set for 
Kenwood 

I l«‘cith & Stii li, Inc., is Hic apparent low bulder on the first phase of a Kenwood area drainage project. 
T he construction fin n bid 
$7o7,777 on Kenwood d rain­ age project 84*A, the lowest of five bids received, ac c o r d in g to C ity 
P u b l ic 
Works Dir Sam Granola 
Surface drainage and in­ stallation of underground lines is expected to take Hsu w o rk in g d a y s , G r a n o la said 
Storm water ninon from tin' an 'a will flow into a m a jo r o u tfa ll lin e , seg incuts of which are to be built by the city and the 
C S Corps of en g in eers 
Underground 
Construction of the corps* seg m en t, 3,8o(1 feet of un­ derground drainage system along the east fork of M ar­ tin**/. C ree k from lino to 
Hildebrand Avenue, is e x ­ p ia te d to b e g in iii t h e spring, (iranata noted 
C onnecting the two pro­ jects will In* som e 4.ooo feet of s t o r m d r a i n a g e , a p ­ proved us part of an earlier city bond p rog ram 
About 
I,(KHI feet of that system a l­ ready has been installed in the area of the edison High 
School cam pus near Santa 
Monica Avenue and Blanco 
Hood 
School sets new degree 

I 
St 
M a r y 's U n iv e r s ity will offer an M A. Degree i i i 
I counseling with a sp ecial!- 
I / a t iou iii m a rria g e and in- 
| Hilly c o u n s e lin g in th e spring sem ester. 
Dr. G race Luther, chair* j person of S t. M a ry ’s D e­ p artm en t of H um an S cr - 
I i ices, said the g r a d u a te p ro g ra m h a s b een d e v e ­ loped in response to a need 
I for profesioiiaily qualified j m arriage and fam ily edu- 

 j c a te r s and cou n selo rs i i i 
I San Antonio and surround m g areas. 
Accreditation 
Students who successful* 
I Iv complete the degree will 
; Im* eligible for accreditation 
| by the A m erican A ssocia- j Don of M a rria g e and Fu- 
I Hilly Counselors 
T he program is expected 
| to attract students at three levels: those already p rac­ ticing m arriage and family 

I cou nseling privately or i i i 
I agen cies; individuals such j a s clergy or religious who often do su ch co u n se lin g bul who have not had sp* rifle training lo do so. arui p e rso n s w ish in g to e u le r th e s p e c ia l field ol m a r ­ r i a g e and fa m ily counseling. 
T h e c u r r ic u lu m for the 
' new d egree totals (Kl credit 
J h o u rs____________________ 

Trinity given law volume 

A Bicentennial edition ol 
“ Parliam entary Law ,” by 
(leu Henry Martyr! Hebert, bus b een p r e s e n te d to 
T r in it y U n iversity In a ceremony at (lie Chapman 
Graduate Center Library 
Mrs 
E .B . Je n k s , p resi­ dent of the San Antonio 
I nit of the National Assn of P a rlia m en ta ria n s, and 
Mrs. E VV. Coyle, past pre­ sident of the organization, presented the volum e to 
Trinity in honor of Mayor 
Lila Cockrell. 

Some 5oo volumes, with­ drawn from circulation by the San Antonio Public Li­ brary system , will be made available W ednesday and 
T h u r s d a y to n o n -p ro fit agencies in B ex ar County and South Texas. 
Titles range from adult fiction to children's books, according to Asst. Library 
Dir. Geraldine LeFevre. 
Included am on g a v a ila ­ ble volumes is a complete set of Fu n k & W agn alls encyclopedia, 193o edition 

FASHION COM FORTERS 
BY W A M SU TTA , SPRINGS 
AND FIELDCREST 

7.99 
IRREGULARS, TWIN AND FULL (upper right) 

FIELDCREST BLANKETS AT 27% TO 73% OFF. lf perfect, would he 
11.oo to 26.oo, Twin and Full. Save on our "nearly perfect" beauties in 

 a super selection of thermals or wovens. All wash ible acrylic rn a spectrum of colors. 
1/2 OFF 

Size, irregulars: lf perfect, would be: 
Queen and King 
17.oo to 37.oo......... 
SALE 
99 9 

Featured: Right from regular stock, plush comforters in an array of designer look patterns and colors. All are completely washable with polyester/cotton quilted covers and soft polyester fiberfill. Don't miss the choice at this savings! 

Size: 
Orig, 
SALE 
Twin..............................4o.oo to 6o.oo..................19.99 to 29.99 
Full............................... 45.oo to 75.oo..................22.49 to 34.99 
Queen/King................ 65.oo to 1oo.oo................ 32.49 to 49.99 

24.99 TWIN 
(upper left) 

Rhodes 
An (Amt*: Company 

RHODES EXCLUSIVE AUTOMATIC BLANKET LETS YOU CONTROL 
YOUR SLEEPING CLIMATE ALL YEAR LONG. Special purchase prices. 
Automatically adjusts to changes in room temperature and it's completely washable (control detaches). Made tor us by a leading manufacture, soft acrylic, nylon binding, gold, sable, champagne, pineapple, blue or green. 

Other sizes: 
SPECIAL 
Full, single control....,............................................... 29,99 
Full, dual control......„..... 
,.,,..37.99 
Queen.......................................... ............................. . 49.99 
King......................................... ..................................59.99 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon. Sat. IO to 9; Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. An«Arnfac Company 

FIFTH Army commander Gen. Allen M. Burdett Jr. holds a New Year’s Day reception in his quarters, the 95-year-old Pershing House, and carries out an Army tradition at Ft. Sam Houston. 
Guests include, left to right, Mrs. Thomas W 
Dunn; Lt. Gen. Dunn, former Fourth Army commander; Gen. Ralph E. Haines Jr., former commander of the Continental Army command; 
Mrs. Haines; Lt. Gen. and Mrs. Burdett Jr.; Mrs. R.W. Corglazier; Lt. Gen. Corglazier, former 
Fourth Army commander; Mrs. Patrick F. Cassidy and Lt. Gen. Cassidy, former Fifth Army commander. 

I'hv lib r a r y system is w eed in g oat unneeded, outdated or dam aged boobs 

 she noted. 
S e le ctio n is on a first- com e, first-served basis 
E l i g i b l e n o n -p ro fit a g e n c ie s in c lu d e those within B e x a r County and 
T e x a s S ta te L ib ra ry D is­ trict IO, a 21-county area of 
South and Southwest Texas. 
San Antonio City Council a p p ro v ed th e m eth od of weeding out unneeded, out­ 

 dated or d a m a g e d books from library shelves, at the r e c o m m e n d a tio n of th e 
P u b lic L ib r a r y B o a rd of 
Trustees. 
Additional volum es will be m a d e a v a il a b l e nexi su m m er, following a simi- 

 that withdrawn stock Aug. 
UMI. 1977. 
To b e co m e e lig ib le for the m a t e r i a l s , a g e n c i e s must subm it, on th eir let­ te rh e a d s t a t i o n e r y , th e name of the person or per­ sons authorized to pick up tlu* selected books. 
Selection will take place 
W ednesday and Thursday 

 i i i the basement of the Main 
L ib r a r y A n n e x , 21o VV 
Market St,, between ID a ni. and 4 p.m. 
Oil tin* first day, any one agency will In* limited to a selection of not m ore than 
1/25 of th** total bunks aval bible. R em aining volumes on the second day may la* taken iii any n u m b e r d e ­ sired. 
Non-profit agen cies w ill go through the sam e quali­ fying p ro ce ss p rior to be 
August selections. 

 la r w eed in g -o u t p ro c e ss , she sa a1. 
E l i g i b l e n o n -p ro fit agencies may select from 

 x 
% 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
Tire 

The story of the 
Revlon Empire 
Anew comicMan sin News 
A look at some of 
San Antonio 's most elidible men 
Slowing food bill rise eyed for ’77 

S S O C IA T fD PRFSS 
Nineteen seventy - six brought c o n s u m e rs so m e relief from higher food prices and provid­ ed f a rm e rs with record h a r ­ vests that should help keep s u p e r m a r k e t b ills fro m spiraling in 1977. 

Americans also got additional pro­ tection from the government in a wide variety of areas affecting the goods and services they buy, But there were indications of a growing concern about too much regulation bv 
Washington. 
The slower rate of increase* in the cost of food was in line with a general easing of the inflationary trend, with prices for all retail items increasing less than ti per cent. 
Food prices went up between II and 

4 per cent in 1976 — less than half the rate of increase* in 1975 and less than a third of the boosts in 1973 and 1974. 
“ Retail food prices ... in grocery stores for use in the home have held amazingly stable in the pas! year,” said Rex F. Daly of the Department of Agriculture’s Economic Research 
Service. “ This was a year of big supplies of food crops and expanding output of livestock products.” 
USHA econom ists p red ic ted a sim ilar 3-to-4 per cent increase in 
1977, thanks iii part to corn and wheat harvests which, while slightly lower than anticipated in the spring, were still estimated at record levels. 
There were some exceptions to the trend. Toffee prices — which started soaring with reports of a freeze in 
Brazil during the summ er of 1975 — went up. And up. And up By the end of the year, coffee cost from $2.25 to 
$2.5o a pound, up 5o or HO cents a 

I SDA economists predict 3-to-4 per cent increase in food prices, thanks in part o f record corn and wheat harvests 

 pound from the price 12 months ea r­ lier 
Shoppers with a sweet tooth also were out of luck. Sugar prices con­ tinued their decline from the record levels of late 1974, but cocoa prices soared and the new year is bringing the 2o-cent chocolate bar. 
Meat prices, particularly for beef, declined in 1976, but industry and government experts warned that next year would be different. 
('attle producers, claim ing they are losing money, have cut back their herds, meaning fewer livestock going to market and higher prices for meat. 
The USD A warned that the average retail price of a pound of beef might 

 climb to a record $1.49 in 1977. That compares to a 1976 estimated average of $1.39 and to the 1975 level of $1.46. 
Consumers, meanwhile, said they were concerned not only with price, but with quality,. M arket research studies showed A m ericans believe many products are not as good as they were five or IO years ago and people are convinced that quality could be improved without any price increases. 
Goverment regulatory agencies in­ cluding the Federal Trade Com mis­ sion. Food and Drug Administration, 
Consumer Product Safety Com m is­ sion and Civil Aeronautics Board took steps they said were designed to up­ 

 grade products and services. 
Both President Ford and Pres­ ident-elect Jim m y Carter expressed concern, however, about overregula­ tion, although they disagreed on what sort of protection is needed for con­ sumers and how government should be reformed. 
Ford said he was trying to cut down red tape in existing agencies, while simultaneously making them more responsive to individual complaints. 
Carter promised an overhaul of the entire bureaucracy to make it more efficient and expressed support for estab lish m e n t of a s e p a r a te , in ­ d ependent co n su m er p ro tec tio n agency. 
One of the key areas w here the goverment took action was in the field of the environment, specifically the ozone layer that shields the earth from the ultraviolet radiation that can cause skin cancer.______________ 

Concerns had been expressed that fluorocarbons used as propellants in some aerosol sprays were damaging the ozone layer. 

The National Academy of Sciences, in a long-awaited report, said that regulation would be n ecessary al some future time, but it declined to pinpoint the degree of danger that is posed or the dale for restrictions. 

The governm ent decided not to wait. The Consumer Product Safety 
Commission started procedings to ban fluorocarbons in aerosols over which it had jurisdiction, and the 
Food and D rug A d m in is tra tio n proposed requiring warning labels on sprays containing the controversial propellant. 

Government actions also opened the way for increased m arketplace competition in several areas. 

Prices good in San Antonio and Universal City thru 
Jan. 5, 1977. W e reserve the right to limit quantities. 
N one sold to dealers. 
Heavy Aged Beef 
Chuck 

Winning CASH with Bank Vault Bingo is easy! 

O D D S CHART .is OI Ore « I 
I 
P r o g r a m 
4 7 8 

Al MM MF « O f 
ODDS foe o*f 
GAME 
P f tl /I S 
GAME p u r r 
ODDS f OB 11 
GAM ! PH Cts 
ODDS ECB 76 
G AM ! pie CIS 
$1 OOO b t 
T m ’ ’ 9 ae*, 
I <n.*J 83* 
I rn 6 SH $ 

V O O bb 
’ n I Af, 75* 
I n ’ 7 tU9 
I rn 6 395 

V O 
»7H 
I in a*, >2’ 
I lf* b 594 
1 m i 79* 

$7 o 
444 
I n 24 ” 4 l . n t AJO I 
’ rn 9 5 ’ 

$ ’ o 
RRR 
I -n I? 
1 in SM t in 4 
$5 
">oo1 
I >n 2 194 
I » *69 
I.’ 
* af*4 
I .A I 4o7 
1 n 
< 
. 

$1 
7o 7o1 
I in J? 5 

YOYAt 
4J ?QJ 
^ t m m 
I - 19 
■ ,. ,o 

*H'\ Prngram av»*fAtH* At TIO P’|8*V W 'gf'v VtftfA 
Ofc'afcnmj S t* tf4 u te (tt» im ih jt'o n (tiit q tft** Program 
S 'Or AGO n ti • 
••“ « 

Game p.#e e s *n*1 gam * in lie rs m iy bp Obta nprt tr#« by 
-WR PO S ot W iv O W a s l f ISS *5777 Only one lequeM etJ per envelope ann * s*w a<1d'*vsirt stam p* quest 

 writing R ink Vaijtt gam e pier? ane e n , m u s t 

V. 

Heavy Aged Beef 
Heavy Aged Beef 
‘Shoulder Arm Cut” 
Heavy Aged Beef, Boneless 
Rump or Bottom 
Boneless Roast Sirloin Steak 
Swiss Steak 
Round Roast 

Lh. s 

Lb, 129 
$ 

Lb.p 

BEEF SPECIALS 
I 
PORK SPECIALS 
L. 
_______________ 
____ ^ _ 
J 
; 
FRESH POULTRY 
SPECIAL TREATS 

H e a v y A g e n B e e t 
Shoulder Arm Roast 

H e a v y A g e d B e e t. T e n d e rize d 
Bottom Round Steak 

H e a v y A g e d B e e t C h u c k 
Boneless Steak 

T e n d e r 
Cube Steak 

H e a v y A g e d B e e t 
T-Bone Steak 

Boneless Lean 
Stewing 
Beef 

 lh 

LO 

 lh 

95* 

S | 49 

S J O ! 

39 

$ ] 68 

Batton Butt 
Fresh Pork Roast 

F re s h 
Country Style Spare Ribs 

F r o th 
Pork Steak 

Q u a rte r P o rk lo in 8 lo IO 
Pork Chops 

F r o th 
Pork Spare Ribs 

Fresh — 3-Lbs. or More 

, 
79' 

o9 

89* 

$1o, 

 lh 

 lh 

 lh 

 lh 
$ J o9 

Ground 
Beef 

B re a s t or l e g . Fre s h 
Fryer Quarters 

G ra d e A . 
Cut Up Fresh Fryers 

Swift s 
Cornish Came Hens 

B a n q u e t 
Chicken Livers 

B a n q u e t 
Chicken Gizzards 

“Chuck Quality" Lean 

 lh 

 lh 

 lh 

I Lb 
C u p 

55’ 
49* 

$ i i s 

79* uz 79< 

Ground 
Beef 

F a r m e r Jo n e s 
Tasty Franks 

F a rm e r Jo n e s 
Sliced Bologna 

F a r m e r Jo n e s 
Sliced Bacon 

H e a t & S e rv e E c k r ic h 
Smoked Sausage 

Own# t Country Style (2-lb. Pkg. $2 49) 
Roll Sausage 
Kraft s Slices 
American 
Cheese 

1 2 o z 
P k g 

1 2 o z 
Pkg 

1 2 o z . 
P k g 

 l h 

1 lh 
P k g 

69* 

79* 
89* 

$ J 49 

$ ] 25 

US No. 1 
Large Crisp 
Russet Potatoes Green Cabbage 

8-lb. 

B a g 7 o l o c 

Lb. 

California 
Avocados 

Sweat 
Yellow Onions 

Crisp 
Carrots 

California Choice 
Navel 
Oranges 

E d 

Lh 

I l h 

P k g , 

51*1 
19* 
35* 

Red D elicio us 
Apples 
T«ias Sweet 
Juice Oranges 
Delicious 
D'Anjou Pears 

TexasRuby Red 

3 th $ I o9 
Bag 

5 lh 
Big 

LB. 

I 
89' 
35‘ 

Texas a 
$1 Ruby Red c 
•lbs. I Grapefruit jibs. a 

/raze a loads 

All Varieties Frozen 
Patio 
Sinners 
13-OZ. 
Pkg. 

Piggly Wiggly Frozen 

6-oz. 
Can 
Orange 
Juice 

Giggly W iggly Frozen 
Waffles 
P.ggly Wiggly Whipped 
Topping 

P«t Ritz 2 Pack 
Pie Shells 

Green Giant Frozen 
Nutlets Corn 

49° 
25c 

2 

9 oz 
Pkg 

9 oz 
Ctn. 

1o-oz 
Pkg. 

I O oz 
Pkg*. 

21c 
49° 
49° 
99° 

Fresh Dairy 

Piggly Wiggly, Sweetmilk or 
Buttermilk 
Biscuit 

8 - O Z . 
Can 

Piggly Wiggly 
Cottage 
Cheese 
12-oz, 
Ctn. 

Delicious 

1 o ° 
49c 
Piggly Wiggly"||fco 
Buttermilk?,: # (J 

Carnation 
Fresh 
Yogurt 

8 -O Z . 
Ctn.29c 

 m m I 
Iii# ;.; 

San A n ton io EX P R E S S -N E W S — ^Sunday Ja n u ary 2 1 9 7 7 

Sweet dreams 
A technician connects electro des to a victim o f sleep disorder. 
The electro des, w hich record brain activity and other body functions during sleep, are used as part o f the program at 
C in cin n a ti’s S le e p D isord er C enter. — A P W ire p h o to 

Myth guides archeology 

NEW YOBK TIMES SERVICE 
ATHENS — A ccording to 
Greek legend, a man named 
Palamides practiced medicine in the region at Nafplion dur­ ing prehistoric times. 

Last year, while archeologists were exploring a fortress in that area, they accidentally discovered a tomb from 
Mycenaean times, the Greek bronze age. 
Inside, they found a set of medical instruments. 
“ They w ere so w o nderfully developed and formed," recalled Dr. 
Nicholas Yalouris, d irecto r of the 
National Archeological Museum. 
“ They show th a t the sto ry of 
Palamides was not imagined later. It corresponds to a high development of medicine in the Mycenaean period." 
Legends guide 
The discovery in Nafplion illu s­ trates how modern archeologists use legend to guide and interpret their explorations. 
Once thought of as fairy tales, the 
Greek myths are now as essential to researchers as picks and shovels. 
"Myth is the poetic appearance of historical events,” said Yalouris. 
"In its deepest part, every myth and legend contains a certain histor­ ical, hidden truth. In order to capture a picture of antiquity we have to use both sources, archeology and litera­ ture. One helps the other. They are 

*Myth is the poetic appearance o f historical events 

 the two feet on which our knowledge of antiquity stands." 
Mythology must be iised carefully, however. 
“ People overdo it,” com m ented 
E ugene 
V anderpool, p ro fe s s o r emeritus at the American School of 
Classical Studies here. 
"For example, people have tried to trace the route of Odysseus. Some­ times you get good fixes and some­ times you don’t know where you're going. Myth is a mixture of truth and fiction. 
For the ancient Greeks, the myths were true, since they contained the stories of their ancestors. 
But the ancients exaggerated and glorified these forebears by relating them to the gods and giving them superhuman attributes. 
"The gods showed their interest for human beings through the god-born heroes,” explained Yalouris. 
"The ancients had to believe they were born of gods.” 
Fantastic parts 
In the past, these fa n ta s tic elements convinced readers that the myths were purely imaginary. 
The first man to demonstrate oth­ erwise was Heinrich Schliemann, tho self-taught German archeologist who used Homer to locate the sites of Troy and Mycenae in the late 19th century. 
Yet Schliemann also demonstrated 

 the danger of taking the tales too literally. 

At Troy, he professed to find the gold treasure of King Priam , and at 
Mycenae he was convinced he had discovered the grave of 
King 
Agamemnon 

In both cases he was wrong — his discoveries were much older than the 
Trojan War. 
Homer important 

Still, Homer is probably the most important of ancient sources for a r­ cheologists, since he provides an un­ paralleled account of people aud 

 places in prehistoric times. 
Proof of his usefulness cam e with the discovery of Nestor’s palace at 
"sandy Pylos.” in the southwestern corner of Greece. 
In the Odyssey. Telemachus comes to Nestor seeking word of his lost father, Odysseus. 
The poet relates how the old king served Telemachus vintage wine and instructed his daughter to give the youth a bath. 

When the American archeologist 
Carl Biogen excavated Pylon, he found a wine m agazine w ith clay sealings that apparently indicated the age and origin of the stores. 

In another room he unearthed a well-preserved and finely decorated bathtub 
School funding grant 

A $2411,(Kit) grant to establish a statewide school finance public edu­ cation program has been awarded to 
Intercultural Development Research 
Association, a San Antonio research and public education organization. 
Dr. Jose A. Cardenas, IDRA exe­ cutive director, announced the re ­ ceipt of the grant from the Ford 
Foundation. A m atch in g $24o,ooo grant was awarded to IDRA earlier from the Carnegie Foundation 

The grant is to be spread over a three-year period. 
Emphasis of tin* project will be on research in school finance systems and lo inform the public on Issues and problems, Cardenas said. 

The protect also will include dove loping expertise on the local level by training local community m em bers to study school finance issues and problems, he added 

Del Monte 

BANK VAULT BINGO 
WINNERS OF THE WEEK: 
JOE OTIV ARES AROCHA $1,ooo WINNER! 

Esthma Rodgers $1oo • Dora Martinez $5o • LAVERN PECAN $2o 
INSTANT WINNERS 
Get your FREE Game Folder at our stores and start WINNING CASH today! 

Del Monte, Cut 
Del Monte Cream or Whole Kernel 
Tomato Juice Green Beans 
Golden Corn 

Ehi ti OI In*>Mf .idveH isert d e w s iv req u ited lo be readily 
.'variable lo t s.i11 .U Or b e lo * Etui a dvertised p rice in each store e«ci»pt is sp«*< id e a lly noted in th is ad 

46-oz. 
Can49 c 

EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

Cooking Spray 
Mazola No Stick 

Baking Mix 
Bisquick 

Piggly Wiggly 
Pancake Mix 

Piggly Wiggly 
Pancake Syrup 

To m a to Rich 
Del Monte 

13-oz 
Can$129 

B 
. o , S l 
Pouches 
I 
69c 
89° 

16-oz. 
Cans 

EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

Italian or Garlic French 
£ 
Kraft's Dressingsa 99 

Dei Monte Kosher Halves 
Dill Pickles 
" 59° 

Del Monte am g m g * 
Sweet Relish 
2 “ 49 

Del Monte Hot Chili or Mild m m 
Cherry Peppers 
59 

2 -Lb. 
Box 

QI. 
Btl. 

Catsup 

Q t. 
Jar79c 

Del M on te 
Green Q Q Q C 
Peas 
DEL MONTE SALE 

Health & fa m ily 

Gillette B ro n te 

$ 1 o 9 

5 -ct. rn 
P k g . 
■ 

Right Guard $ 1 o 9 
Deodorant ’a I 

Gillette Tw in Blade 
Trac ll 
Cartridges 

R e g u la r, M e n th o l, le m o n -Lim e 
Gillette 
Foamy 

Super Sta in less 
Gillette 
Blades 

Special Ii ii vs 

Joh n son s 
Baby 
Lotion 9 bo,2, 
$ 1 2 9 

Th e M oistu re M aker 
N o r m a l to Pry Skin — R im tree 
Moisturizing $ 1 3 9 
Lotion 
4£ I 

For Your Eyes 
Murine 
Eye Drops 

R e d 
Close-Up 
Toothpaste 

Now At P ig g ly W iggly 
The W orld Fam ous 
Britannica 
Junior 
Encyclopaedia 
This W eek s 

 fe a tu re 
Q f f c Q f 
Volume 
O V S l i 
Twenty 
“Storks 

TODAYS G 

Golden Best gam 
o * 8 
Whole Tomatoes o 6 l 

X. 

PRICES EFFECTIVE THRU 
JANUARY 5 IN SAN 
ANTONIO AND UNIVERSAL CITY 

17-oz. 
FOOD M A R K BAKERY, INC. 

BEER SPECIAL 
PEARL BEER 

Borden s Country Store 
Instant Potatoes ’•£ 79 

All Cuts, Syrup or Natural Juice 
Del Monte 
Pineapple 
2 > 9 9 c 

Del Monte g% 
Pear Halves 
Z 9 9 c 

Del M on te 
______ 
Fruit 
Os~JQC 
Cocktail £sr # SI 

CASE OF 

24 - 12-O Z. 

RETURNABLE 

BOTTLES 
* 3 " 

P L U S 

D E P O S IT 

H O T O N L Y 

Del Monte, Halves,Sliced or Diced 
Cling 2^ “a a p 
Peaches UU 

Bel monte 

Soft & Pretty 
Bath Tissue 

Golden Best 
Shortening 

4-Roll 
Pkg. 

Lady Scott, Decorator 

Aerosol Disinfectant 

 lady scott Decorator 
Facial Tissue 2 “.:s 99c 
99° 
$149 

*119 

All Flavors Kraft 4 

Lysol 

T am e, With Trigger Sprayer 
Spray N Wash 

Piggly Wiggly Regular Pow laundry 
Detergent 

7-o/. 
Can 

22 oz 
Btl 

4 9 oz 
Box 

Cheese Whiz 

Twin Pack Potato Chip* 
Pringles 

Libby x 
Vienna Sausage 

P ace* 
Picante Sauce 

8 oz 
Jar 

9 o z 
Canister* 
89c 
79c 
Qt,«, S i 
Cant 
§ 
89° 
IS oz. 
Jar 

Keebler 
Dry Dog Food 

O n e O f Th e M an y V a rie d T o p ic * 
Zesta 
Saltines 
M b . 
Box45c 
Purina SKia 
Chow2 u 

TY violence warning system is advocated 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LOS AN G ELES - 
There is a simple way to eliminate television violence from the home. 
People can turn their sets off — if their children let them. 
Now Dr. Thomas Elmen­ dorf. past president of the 
C alifornia M edical As­ sociation. wants to help adults exercise their pa­ rental control by letting them know in advance if a particular program episode is going to contain any violence. He thinks parents have a rig h t to know if 
“ Starsk.v and Hutch." for example, are going to knock the teeth out of their prisoner. 
Dr. George G erbner. dean of the 
Annonberg 
School of Communications at the University of Penn­ sylvania. doubts that most parents have the authority to control their kids’ view- 

 origin al study, he said, because G erbner's re­ search has indicated that all form s of violence, regardless of their context of severity, appear to affect small children equally. 
The winner of the first study was the Bob Nevvhart 
Show, a situation comedy depicting the life and daily doings of a Chicago psy­ chologist. 
Ironically, the two most violent shows in the first batch of rankings, 
‘ ‘ SW AT" and “ The Roo­ kies'' have been canceled. 
Network authorities agree violence* per se doesn’t bring ratings. 

Seen helpful 

 ings 

Need change’ 

"In the average home, children control the dial. 
What we need is to change p ro g ra m m in g ." says 
Gerbner. 
But Elmendorf wants at least to give parents a fighting chance. 
Ile believes that violent television "is an element in antisocial behavior." 
Gordon Van Sauter, CBS’ program practices vice president, is less sure. 
There is no agreement on the effect of violence," he says. 
Elm endorf and Sauter agree, however, that it s up to the parents to decide what chi Wren should watch and that hub!ic opinion and pressure is a key to what you see on the lube. 
And Elmendorf is quietly preying for greater public awareness not censor­ ship or even a radical change in program format. 
"We want the networks to have maximum of freedom and a minimum of govern­ ment interference," says 

 tices emergency medicine at Davis. Calif. 
At the American Medical 
Association’s annual con- v cut ion last month in 
Philadelphia. Elm endorf sponsored a resolution ask­ ing the networks to rate each program episode by a formula they would sot up themselves. 
The 
AMA tunit'd down tilt* proposal because "Hie intent of the resolution was already be­ ing carried out." 
In efforts to define TV violence, the AMA has forked over $25,ooo to a 
Washington-based non­ profit outfit called the Na­ tional Citizens Committee for Better Broadcasting to com pile ratings of in ­ dividual shows The money. says an AMA spokesman. was directed as a first step to "encourage the TV in­ dustry to reduce the amount of violence." 
The 
XCCB received widespread media cover­ age when it ranked each show last summer on its relative content of violent *'. 

 from such things as prat­ falls in comedy shows or natural disasters. 
The wider definition oi violence was used in the 

Carpenter believes a rat­ ing system may be helpful 
"But what we’re really try­ ing to do is put the pressure on the industry itself." 
E lm endorf thinks the ratings would lead to greater public awareness 
— hence public pressure. 

Tom Kersey, ABC’s West 
Coast Broadcast practices chief, and Sauter are op­ posed to published violence ratings, even though both networks m onitor the violent content of shows for their own use. 
" I think it’s naive to as­ sume that someone watch­ ing Kojak in the fifth year of its existence does not know what Kojak is,” says 
Sauter. 
" I hope nothing ever comes of the ide a" of publishing violence ratings of individual shows, says 
Kersey. 
He says the number of violent acts is meaningless unless placed in a creative context which he believes the average viewer couldn’ t under­ stand. 
Range huge 

Sauter insists that with millions of viewers "there is no feasible way you can develop a rating system that can be used by that in­ credible range of people. 

Sqn_Antonic EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
Page aqe 
14-1 

MISSION JEWELRY 
Semi-Annual 
---------- SALE 

Select group of Watches 
1o%-331/3% off regular prices 

Save 1o% to 331/j% on a selection of famous name watches for him and her. 

O p en a M ission acco u n t o r use one o f five n ational cre d it plans* 
Minion Revolving Charge • Mission l.u**tom t .barge • Rank \mcricard 
Master I barge • American Express • Dim r- f lub • I .arte Blanche • layaway 

Downtown 
224 E. Houston 
IO til 5:3o doily 
MISSION w 
^ jew elers 

South Park Mall 
IO ’til 9 daily 

Sale prices effective on selected merchandise Entire stock not included in this sale Original price tags shown on every item All items su ble t to prior sale Items illustrated not necessarily those on sale. 

E lm e n d o rf 
Listings 

“ I would really like to see the networks release something that would go into the TV listings which would assist parents in selecting appropriate view­ ing for their c h ild re n ." says Elmendorf, who prac- 

Ratings 
Over a six week pwh«mI. the service recorded each instance of violence and how long it appeared on the screen. Then all HH shows seen on each network were ranked from least lo most violent. 
The industry objected to rating all forms of violence 
— from slaps to knifing — equally. When a new >tudy is released by the end o* th*' year, says NEEB Executive 
D irector Ted Carpenter. acts of aggressive violence w ill he rated separately 
Iklllerni more than a drug store 
N ew Year's 
D ay 

FILM 
DEVELOPING 
SPECIALS 

 l r 
• C O U P O N" d e v e lo p in g & p rin tin g 
- 12 EXPOSURE - 
K O D A C O L O R C f q o 

" A 

F I L M 
• 
Vo»d ofter I 8 77 
1 
Foreign Film E*clud*d 
^ C ompot m u tt accompany ordar - a h i roil par coupon 
J 
— CO U P O N ” developing 
• ^ l 
& printing jet - 
- to tKPCSur 
KODACOLOR 
FILM 
$2^9 

VcMd <jH«* I 8 n ro w a n Film Cadudao 
Coupon m u tt aocomoany c o * ' 
-O na 'OH PO' coupon 

O U P o N‘ developing 
•’N 
Slides or Movies 
2o oxp. Kodochromo Slide* 
Reg 8 or Super 8 
Kodochromo Movie* 
$119 

_ / v . 

Vend oh*.' I 8 J? 

Fora.*** Film tadudeo 
Coupon m utt accompany orOar 
- on# roll pa* coupon 
J 

FREE ALBUM PAGE coupon with every roll of Kodacotor film left for developing and printing. 

Photo/i rushing Guarantee 

WO will print • very printed* picture you toke. You must bt completely st* st od with your pictures, if not, wo will reprint tn#m . . . or refund your money Simply re­ turn your pictures, slides or movies to us, with your proof of pushes*, within 3o days. 

 i i i i i 
• i t _ . 

SHOP SKIUERNS 
12 C O N V E N IE N T 1oC A T Io NS 

ART NEEDLEWORK 
SALE 

2o% off 

BUCILLA RUG PATTERNS AND PAKS. 
We show just a few of the exciting designs you'll find. There are lots more and all of them are sale priced. You'll want to pick up several and begin making gifts and accents for your home. 
Or give them as gifts. The patterns are fully color keyed. The paks are complete with yarn. Don't miss this selection' 

Size: 
Reg. 
Sale 
15x 15" pattern...............4.oo........3.19 
2ox27" pattern............. 6.oo 4.79 
26x4o" pattern 
1o OO .... 7.99 
15x48" pak................... 24.oo... 19.19 
26x48" pak............... ...4o oo 
31.99 

39o pkg. 

PRE CUT ACRYLIC RUG YARN BY 
BUCILLA. Reg. 5oo pkg, Get that rug started, save now on this super array of colors. All in washable acrylic with 36o strands to the package. Stock up' 

2o% off 

GO CREATIVE WITH BUCILLA 
YARNS, SAVE TOO! 
From sweaters to afghans, you name it, we'll give you savings now on the j quality yarn you need in a terrific 
* spectrum of colors. Just look1 

Winsom 1oo% Washable Acrylic, 
2 ply, 2 oz. skein, reg. 1.25..., 99o 
"Spice" Heather Tone Acrylic Blend, hand washable, YU oz. skein, reg. 1.25. 
............... 99o 
4 ply 1oo% Acrylic, machine washable, 4 oz. skein, reg. 2.oo....... 
...1.59 

Winfant Baby Yarn, 1oo% washable acrylic, 1 oz. skein, reg. 9oo.............. 

An c A m fa c Company 

 f 

. . . o r a c o stly trip 

 w 
* r 
* 
-# 
* * 
* 
* 
** fe' 
* 
* 
■ 
T 
" 
-■•:••■ * 
. 
*• 
% W- 
«* 
- 
- 
* 
• *- . • • 
* 
* 
« 
*• 
♦ 

Son A ntonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
H 

WAYS TO GREET A NEW YEAR 

THERE are many w ays to herald in a new year, but the members af the I Street Swimming Club of 
Boston prefer just a swim — in 3o-degree water with I 3 -degree air cooling them off. It seems one member has had enough o f the group’s annual s, im-in. 

EMPEROR HIROHITO, Empress N agako and fam ily members receive a New Y ear’s greeting from the Egyptian Am bassador to Japan, M ohsen Abdel-Khalek, right, in the main Hall of the Imperial 
Palace Saturday in Tokyo. A lso received in audience were 9 2 other diplomats. 

Roy, Dale get new mount for Rose fete 

IOS ANGUIS WWfS SC IV O 

PASADENA — Roy Rogers and 
Dale Evans logged another 5 1/2 miles of happy trails Saturday along the friendly route of the Rose 
Parade. 
The “ Kmg of the Cowboys” and the “Queen of the West,” the par­ ade’s grand marshals, left their horses back at the ranch — riding instead in a gold-plated, $115,ooo 
Stutz d’ltalia. 
“Trigger was never like this,” 
Rogers quipped, as he settled into a saddle of cushions and yellow roses. 
And as the grand marshals’ car eased out to the parade line, the 
64-year-old singing cowboy tipped back his white nat, waved and sang a greeting to well-wishers: 
“ Happy trails to you . . . 
It was the start of another in a 

 series of Rose Parade appearances for the cowboy couple dating back more than 2o years, but it was their first appearance as grand m ar­ shals. 
They became the first husband- wife team to serve as grand mar­ shals, taking their places after celebrating their 29th wedding an­ niversary on New Year’s Eve. 
Rogers and Evans rode into the hearts of a generation of movie­ goers in the 194os, riding Trigger and Buttermilk through scores of 
Westerns. The couple appeared in their last feature film together in 
1952 
Trigger and Buttermilk retired long ago from the horse operas and are preserved in Rogers’ western museum in Apple Valley. 
“I know Trigger and Buttermilk are thinking about us today,” 

Rogers said, recalling past parades in which the horses carried the couple down Colorado Blvd. 
A ppropriately, on this trip through Pasadena, the grand mar­ shals’ Stutz followed a Calgary float depicting two cowboy boots strung together and the message: “Happy 
Trails,” 
And many of the people lining the route remembered that theme from hours spent at Saturday matinees in their youth. 
One middle-aged mother at curb­ side excitedly told a friend about the time she shook Rogers’ hand when she was five years old. 
But nearby, an im patient 
5-year-old from another generation peered down the long row of parade entries — past Roy ami Dale — and demanded: 
“Where are the Osmonds?” 

S T U N T M A N Spartaco Banding 6 5 , dives from 
Cavour bridge in Rome Saturday into the Tiber river in traditional N ew Y ear celebration. A younger diver woits his turn on the parapet. 

ROY ROGERS and Dale Evans w ave to crowds and cam eras as they lead the 
Tournam ent of Roses Parade 

DR. A N D M R S . ROBERT C LA R K E o f G ro sse 
Pointe Farms,. M ich ., to a st the new y e a r in 
W ashington after returning from Paris with a group on a special flight to celebrate twice. 

Y U G O S L A V President Josip Tito is all smiles as he tries on a sombrero given to him during a 
N ew Y ea r’s celebration at a hotel in N ovi Sad, 
Yugoslavia. 

With a party h at. . 

WHILE M A N Y Am ericans tried to keep warm on N ew Y ear’s 
Day, Penny Sharpies tried to beat the summer heat on o beach 
MXH M elbourne, Australia. Penny, 23 , manages a fashion shop, 

N E W Y EA R 'S EVE viewers had little trouble recognizing the N ew Year's rides m otorcycles and takes p h o t o g r a p h s as well as 
Baby for 1 9 7 7 when he appeared on the “ Tonight” show to be when in front o f the lens. interviewed by announcer Ed M cM ahon. It w as a drastic change in roles far 
Johnny Corson. Last year he was Father Time. au 
•» aaaooaju* nu* 

But downing around 
Ik b o u t 

Available 

BRAND NEW 

2o YEAR GUARANTEE 
ORTHOPEDIC BEDDING 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES! 

SQ. FT. OF ALL NEW 
TOP QUALITY NAME BRAND 
MERCHANDISE AT FANTASTIC 

*-»th p u n h a t* of an y bedroom d in in g l o o m , *r liv in g room 
(Ult* 

ALL NEW TOP QUALITY 
NAME BRAND FURNITURE 

SAN ANTONIO 5 ONLY 
RIAL DISCOUNT 
FURNITURi STOUT 

GROCERY & 
FREIGHT 
BARGAINS 
ALSO 

AMOUNT. 

 archt cords nor required 
STORE IN, 
SAN ANTONIO 
INSTANT CRUIT 
INSTANT CREDIT 

Son Antonio EXP8SSS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 

• 96-inch size 

• Zippered covers 
• Choose from 

6 d e c o r a t e ! ^ * : colors 
/r 

• TRIPLE DRESSER 
• DECK MIRROR 
• HEADBOARD 
• NIGHTSTAND 
• FULL SIZE MATTRESS 
• FULL SIZE FOUNDATION 
• FULL SIZE STEEL 
HOLLYWOOD FRAME 

Includes Bedding! 

Compare anywhere in south Texas 

BRAND NEW ORTHOPEDIC 
1o-year guarantee. 
Choice of colors 
Tables with 
2 inches thick tops 

• 2 headboards y 
O 2 sets of rails 
O I ladder & Guar­ drail 
O 2 footboards 

Herculon choice of colors, only 4 suitos left at this price. RETAIL 
$449.95 
* ALL WOOD 
HERCULON 

GRAND OPENING '77 SPECIALS 

A L S O R S O F A S A N D 
A 
M T M 
LO V E S E A T S IN FINE 
S 
ML B 
VELVET OR HERCULON 
W 
T i 
IO DIFFERENT STYLES f f l f 
SAVE NOW 
___________________ ^ r. m 
* * * 

TRENCH DINING ROOM 
INCLUDES LIGHTED 
CHINA, OVAL TABLE 
WITH REVERSE DIA­ 
MOND INLAY TOP, 3 
SIDE AND I ARM CHAIR. 

BEAUTIFUL MEDITERRANEAN DINING ROOM. IN­ 
CLUDES LIGHTED CHINA, BRASS GRILLE WORK, 
GLASS SHELVES, 3-side and I arm chair, AND 
TABLE. CHAIRS ARE AU WOOD WITH DECORATOR 
IM I. . 
SEATS. 

RETAIL 

[ W i t h 
J m w n 

Colonial or 
Spanish styles: 1 
Turned wooden legs 

•.rummeas amt st*------------ 
L M B N M R NUNNO It OZ. ti s * _____ 3 9 * 

I. M IN I USKm TAMS fem-------- 95* 
«. m u m s wa comma « ------ IP s. ausu i ms it oz____________ 74* 
«. ems rn 
----------- 79* 
7. M SUSIN mm MCS 1.19_____ 59* 

 fc Hmm*'! M W SM U Sims IZ9S _ 4.9S 

9. Magnetic OHRI! CHI Cl TR MTT 5.95 
1.9S 

TO, 1 GAMON P K SI!! ______________ 1 . 9 9 
... IA N I ASSORTMENT Of PUSTKWABf: TRASH 
CANS, BUCKETS, CUPS, SB YING BOWLS, W^PANS 
. BEVERAGE SETS LESS THAN ................ »A P x f C l 

This beautiful suite includes oval exten- 
- - non table, 5 i f 
, side chairs, rjsd 
I arm chair unif and china 
AHI} cabinet. 

«"l»y 
\KJ mon.nl &*owiy 
'V 
• f s o lid .a ll Off w ith fo rm ic a U 
Ia g o . C h a ir - 
J, t w a i f hr 4 5 - f o o l 
•ach D avbi* i>»tJ 
••tai rabic a n d <ht- 

 laoNrmvl rwifwaod in ftmaioM Coon ti v 
Francti ofytno nxiudao hinia dom b o urn 
HUM BEDROOM 
DeSoto Dining Room 

IftOUSe sir. 

♦ara boon affatad anywitara at tHto 

O Night Stand 
O Headboard 
(any site) 

Complete 

O ft.c. Cantil wet9arn 
SMa I m Imitt 

TO SEGUIN 
Ber.uttfurpecan finish, with ele- 
2 ant prima vero treatments, 

 o m p le t e suite includes large triple doer dressers, large lighted door hutch with antique bras* g r ille w o r k 7-foot tall ar macro chest, night stand, and any sift headboard Retail 
$263o 

(H o t t e d 
HSCOUNT 

M 
W 

 e A major charge card 
(Bankamaricard, Master- 
CHARGE, Dinars Club or 
American Express) 
# Be over 18 
# A listed phone number 
# A drivers license 
# Be employed 

In tho idiot! stylar Stylos vary and savors! colon availabio 

 compare 

 rooms plus the finer fea­ tures you desire, such as fireplaces, beamed, cathe­ dral ceilings, sunken areas and exquisite carpeting. It all adds up to the way you want to live. 
A beautiful clubhouse with swimming pool awaits homeowners in The Great 
Northwest. There’s even a wading pool for toddlers. 
Lighted tennis courts and basketball courts are ready for year-round recreation. 
The natural terrain of gently rolling hills will de­ light bikers. 
The Great Northwest is out of the realm of city taxes; so, monthly pay­ ments here are lower. 
School bus service is pro­ vided to the elementary, middle and senior high schools of the excellent 
Northside School District 
The Great Northwest, lo­ cated northwest of San 
Antonio beyond Leon Valley, 

 insulation, attic ventilation systems and environmental positioning that takes full advantage of the native trees. It’s a beautiful way to live and save on energy at the same time. 
You won’t find new homes like these in other communities. Each is spe­ cifically designed to complement the beauty of the surroundings. E xter­ iors utilize natural rock and wood to blend in with the environm ent. 
Interiors have huge picture windows framing exquisite views; window seats m ake the scenery even more condu­ cive to reflective moments; sliding glass doors opening onto shaded patios; and garden kitchens with con­ venient serve-outs. 
All the conveniences are in The Great Northwest: central heat and air. mo­ dern kitchens, two-car garages, indoor utility 

Trees are loved by everyone. 
But. when they’re in your own backyard, they’re even better. That’s exactly what you’ll find in The Great 
Northwest. 
Everything you've been looking for in a community 
— beautiful native trees, the finest new homes, a community clubhouse with swimming pool, tennis and basketball courts plus a prime northwestern loca­ tion. 
Top-notch 
Three top-notch builders, the Burns Co., Coates De­ velopment Co. and Royal 
Crest, are presenting new homes here priced from 
$35,ooo to $48,5oo. Three- and four-bedroom homes in one- and two-story plans are available. 
All include energy-saving features such as 75 per cent masonry exteriors, extra 

 is less than IO minutes from' 
USAA and the South Texas 
Medical 
Center. 
Even closer is the University of 
Texas at San Antonio. 
The expressw ay 
-is nearby and puts Lackland and Kelly AFBs just a short drive away. W onderland 
Shopping City is also con­ venient for shopping. The next regional shopping mall to be built in San An­ tonio will be less than a five-minute drive. 
Its a rapidly growing ar­ ea. and The Great North­ west will be a vital part of it. The Great Northwest ia truly one of the most beau­ tiful areas in San Antonio. 
Furnished models a re open daily until dusk. 
To reach The G reat 
Northwest, drive out N.W. 
Loop 41o. exit at.Culebra 
Road and drive north to FM 
471. Turn left and proceed 
*i mile to The G reat 
Northwest. 

• iti-mm 

HO M ES in the Great Northw est are situated to take advan tage of the foliage 
Life in Tang Ie wood/Babcock North exciting 

 cal ways to live in the northwest. If you buy now, there are no monthly pay­ ments until April. 
New Ray Ellison homes are built with energy-sav­ ing features to help save money on utility costs. 
Convenience features in­ clude a built-in electric kit­ chen with color-coordinated range, vent and d ish ­ washer. plus a handy gar­ bage disposal. 
The variety of new homes 

8222 Spring Time in the and follow the signs. Tho 
Tanglewood area. Take sales office num ber is 
IU Kl to the DeZavala exit 
898-817o. 

Ray Ellison’s Tan­ glewood m / 
Babcock 
North is one of the m ost exciting neigh­ borhoods in northwest 
San Antonio. 
The northwest area is one of the city’s most popular and desirable places to live. 
And with new homes start­ ing in the high $2o’s, 
Tanglewood/Babcock North is one of the most economi­ 

 available in the 
Tan­ glewood / Ba bcock 
North area includes three- and four-bedroom plans; con­ temporary. traditional and 
Spanish exterior designs; rear-entry garages and na­ tive stone and brick exter­ iors with rustic wood trim. 
Decorator touches accent the home. Available fea­ tures include carpet, wood-burning fireplaces and cathedral ceilings. The finest floor coverings and carpet by Armstrong are used in the homes. 
Living pleasure is ex­ tended to the outdoors, with patios, professional lands­ caping and fencing. 
The Tanglewood/Ba bcock 
North area is also one of the most convenient places to live. The location is con­ venient to UTSA, USAA or the South Texas Medical 
Center. 
There is easy access to expressw ays leading to m ajor shopping centers, business disrtricts. down­ town San Antonio and the 
Texas Hill Country. 
Children in the 
Tan- glewood/Babcock 
North 

 area attend 
N orthside schools. Boone Elementary 
School is within the neigh­ 

 borhood itself. 
Residents have the use of_ a swimming pool and ten. 

 ms courts. 
Furnished models are open daily until 8 p.m. at 

Builders Set Parade 
Site for 1977 
See page 5D 

THE REAR-ENTRY ga ra ge is one of m any plans available in R ay Ellison’s Tanglew ood/Babcock North 

NEW HOMES 
TO W NH O M ES 
APARTMENTS 

CO M M UN ITIES 
FOR ALL K IN D S 
OF LIFESTYLES 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS 

 ciissmHTsnsrsr cmssifup pt»»uv 

Out With 

 prictt 
$38,1oo, N o dow n pay m on! and no d o t in g co sts V A mort 
I an e 
$38,1oo 
36o o q u *l m onthly principal and interevt p aym en ts of 
$279 65 for 3o ye a r* at 8% A nnual 
Percentage Rata 
Principal and Interatt 
. . . . $279 65 
T a in t (City, County, Stat#. 
School) 
. .. 
87 3o 
In turance 
19 o5 
TO TAL M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T 
$386.oo 

This beautiful family Homa in­ clude! complata carpeting • 
Central heat & air conditioning 
• Built-in elactric kitchen with range, vent, dishwasher, disposer 
• Patio, landscaping & privacy fencing • Fireplace 

• Great new homes by San Antonio's finest builders . . . are carved into the forest of trees in The Great Northwest. A community clubhouse with swimming pool plus lighted tennis and basketball courts 
. . . make this one of the most desired new home communities. 
Furnished models open daily until dusk. 

A D D R ESS: 6111 Pecan Trail 

Northside Schools • Grade school within walking distance • Minutes to UTSA, USAA, Medical Canter 
• Easy access to expressways a Secluded north­ west location in foothills of th# Texas Hill Country 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. at 6222 
Spring Time. Take IH-1o to the DeZavala exit, turn west and follow the signs. 

 f c fr j 
Ph. 696-817o 
Clay Ellison Homes 

USAA 

BABCOCK 
NORTH t m si (o e \e a TANGLEWOOD 
MEDICAL kCtNTlR 

• NO CITY TUES 
• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
Ray Ellison’s Camelot one of the best buys 

The continued growth and development of Ray 
Ellison's Camelot is evidence that it’s one of the best home buys around. 

In northeast Bexar Coun­ ty. Camelot offers access to 
Fort Sam Houston. R an­ dolph Air Force Base, ex­ pressways. Windsor Park and recreational facilities. 

Every taste 

T here are also homes with formal living and din­ ing rooms, and others offer living-dining combinations. 
Family rooms, wood-burn­ ing fireplaces, cathedral ceilings and other features are available. 

Camelot offers a variety of homes, enough to match almost every taste. Homes start in tne high $2o’s, and for current home buyers, there are no monthly pay­ ments until April. No city taxes means lower monthly payments. 

Exteriors 

E xteriors come in a choice of brick or native stone with wood trim. Each yard is professionally landscaped with a fence and patio. 

Camelot floor plans offer three- and four-bedroom designs. Some offer the split bedroom plan for the ultimate in privacy. 

Models are open daily until 8 p.m. Take IH35 to the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. Further information is available at 855-4123. 
CAMELOT, Ray Ellison’s northeast neighborhood, offers a variety of new homes starting in the high $ 2 o ’s 

CLASSIFtfD DISM AY 
DISMAY 
CLASSICO DISMAY 
CIASSIFIID DISMAY 
CIASS4FKD DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CiASHFIED DISMAY 
ZiAtSifltDOiSMAr- 
BUY 

♦Cash price. $48,975. No down pay­ ment and no closing costs. VA mort­ gage $4 8,97 5. 36o equal m onthly principal and interest payments of 
$351.o5 for 3o years at 7 % % Annual 
Percentage Rate. 
Principal and Interest 
$351.o5 
Taxes (County. State. School) 
66.89 
(No!) City Taxes 
-o- 
Insurance 
.......................... 
24 o6 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT $442.oo 

86*6 New World Dr. 
SEE. £ 5 o 7 MVEhiZXDE. 
Immediate 
Occupancy! amelot 

ALL THESE FEATURES INCLUDED! 

• 2,o24 sq. ft. in 2 stories • 1oo% masonry exterior • Fully carpeted throughout • 4 bedoroms, 2Vi baths, 2-car garage • Energy-saving package • Patio and landscaping • Complete privacy fence 

PLUS! LITTON MiCROMATIC DOUBLE 
OVEN MICROWAVE RANGE! 
It combines all the popular cooking conveniences in one practical unit, and it's self-cleaning, too! And it's standard, included in the purchase price, when you buy this beautiful and luxurious Ray Ellison home! 
CAMELOT LIVING OFFERS SO MUCH! 
Minutes to the beautiful new Windsor Park Mall e Easy access to expressways • Centrally located between FL Sam Houston and Randolph 
AFB e Recreational facilities nearby. 

• NORTHEAST SCHOOL DISTRICT 

• NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

• NO DOWN AND NO CLOSING 
COSTS, VA 

CH LITT 
Microwave Cooking 

Furnished models open daily until 
8 p.m. Take IH-3S to the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 
Phone: 655-4123 
Ray Ellison Homes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

A STAR WAS DORK 

NORTHCLIFF!? 

 just two months ago and really growing... 

 m o re o f e v e ry th in g y o u can im ag in e. 

 beautiful 

 homesifes, homes, prices, investments, rec­ reation: golf, tennis, swimming . . . and 

You should see our beautifully furnished models 

^ a ll h o m e s w ith a v i e w 

— m 
6 5 9 I 261 
MFCRSFt 
W e Spoil You For A n yth in g 'E lse 

 grow 

Over 3oo families now own their own homes in 
Twin Creek, Homecraft Corp.’s established area community. 

Although slightly re- colors and styles. It was all moved from the 
San planned that way. 
Antonio city limits, Twin 
The community features 
Creek has the advantage of its own private clubhouse, full city services, it is fenced, lighted tennis between Bandera and Cute- courts, a swimming pool, bra roads off Grissom Road wading pool, playground a mile north of NW Loop and clubhouse kitchen. 
41o. 
Although surrounded by 
Neighborhood streets ne- nature, Twin Creek also has cessitate slow traffic, and a convenient location. In a exteriors create a blend of setting where deer are seen 

 running wild and city noises are never heard, 
Bandera Road is a mile away and Loop 41o one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek resi­ dents. 

Located in the Northside 
School district, Twin Creek is also close to UTSA, 
USAA, South Texas Medi­ cal Center, Southwest Re­ search Institute and Kelly and Lackland Air Force bases. 

Homecraft homes in 
Twin Creek have two baths, two-car garages and en­ ergy-saving IOO per cent masonry. 

Other features which cut utility bills are full insula­ tion in walls, 6 1/2-inch coiling insulation, over-en­ gineered air conditioning and heating systems re­ quiring minimal use, and tight-fitting doors and windows. 

Work-saving kitchens contain all-electric ap­ 

 pliances, including Magic 
Chef range, continuous cleaning oven, built-in dou­ ble dishwasher, plus plenty of cabinet space planned for working convenience. 

Other features are handcrafted fireplaces, pa­ tios, room-finished two-car garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 

Homecraft houses in­ clude a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpet in bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. Two full ceramic tile baths have marble dressing vanities with mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of vinyl wallpaper. 

Tw in Creek is most easily reached by driving north of 
NW Loop 41o on Bandera 
Road and turning west onto 
Grissom Road (FM 471), following signs leading to the entranceway. More signs lead to the communi­ ty's six furnished profes­ sionally decorated model homes. 

MASSOTH) OtSPtAY 

Quality Hornes^ in a Country 
Community 
From 
Garden 
W e 
T W IN CREEK is considered an e sta b lish e d San A n tonio com m unity 
Woodstone offers variety 

Variety and versati­ lity are the key words when describing: Ho­ m ecraft’s furnished, professionally decorat­ ed models in Wood- stone. 

The northeastern San 
Antonio community’s most recent models, the Ameri­ cana and the California, have attracted many visi­ tors, as have the ail-ma- sonrv homes priced as low as $27,625. 

Homecraft opened the 
Americana as the first two-story model in Wood- stone. It features three bed­ rooms including a larger master suite, and a fourth room which may be used as a bedroom, study, sewing center or playroom, what­ ever the family desires. 

The plan also includes I 
1/2 baths and a two-car garage. 

The California, boasting a Mexican flair, belongs to the new housing series 
Homecraft premiered last 
.July. 

Featuring two bedrooms and two baths, its floor plans includes a master suite with a walk-m closet, a serving bar between the kitchen and living room and sliding glass doors leading to the backyard sun deck 

Homecraft houses in- 

LADSHAW - M ILLER 

Development Co., Inc 

C LA S S IFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA S S IFIED D IS P L A Y 

W O O D S T O N E H o m o s start a s lo w a s $ 2 7 ,2 6 5 

 a n i o n 
M m i 

• ANDOW* 
Ait force 
»ASt A 

‘C L A S S W K D D I S M A Y 

ONLY 

*38,95o 
MOW IL tow wo 

SPACIOUS RANCH HOMES 
$ 
Available at only 
(O nly 6 Hom es Left at I 9 7 6 Prices!) 

Plan # 23 I 

Your first impression will be a lasting one os you first enter your new home. Your large open hearth fireplace spreads a warmth ond friendliness to all your fomily entertaining. 
C ozy bay windows will let you decorate to your hearts content in your dining area. 
SNUG HOMBS 

M om and Dad con share a special surprise in their moster bedroom with separate vanity and bath area ond a gracious bay window to decorate with hanging baskets, 
2 good sized bedrooms with walk-in closets and their separate baths are for the kids. 
All Homes 
Feature: 
• Chous of Shag, Of StulpturMl 

• Two (ut) Cjkotok Iii* Both, 

 a 
- — I Ii, m A t i j t 
J* 
# * 
€ fill It f Cif! r* 

CENTER 

VALLEY 

NORTH 
STAR 
MALL 
CENTRAL 
PARK o 
MALL 2 
You ll be proud to show off your new kitchen appliances, self deaning oven and extra large pantry with adjoining utility area. Polished wood cabinets and exposed brick walls odd charactei and class To your kitchen center. 

W O N Dt 
S. 
LAND 
\ 
MALL 

JU DSO N RO 

LOOR 41o 

656-5474 OPEN DAILY 9-9 

Son Antonio EXPRFSS-NFW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

Morton /Southwest homes open Sunday 

A new. well-built home remains one of the best and most po­ pular investm ents a fam ily can m ake to­ day. despite earlie r claims to the contrary. 

Doom and gloom for the housing industry and its potential market is a con­ cept created by skeptics who thought new homes would have to be stripped of extras to be affordable. 

Morton/Southwest never had been a firm to offer the least of anything, and this kind of skepticism was not about to make it begin. 
Took lead 

If s this school of thought that gave Morton/ 
Southwest a lead in new home sales last year. And what did it give the buyers who chose Morton/South­ west homes? 
The answer is simple and obvious. It gave them what they wanted most: their money’s worth and more. 
Accordingly, 
Morton/ 
Southwest has initiated a new concept called "Mon- eysworth." The firm wants all home hunters to know 
Morton/Southwest homes mean just that: their mon­ ey’s worth. 
MortonSouthwest has se­ lected three neighborhoods as sites for furnished, pro­ fessionally decorated mo­ dels to play key roles in its 
Moneysworth campaign. 

In northeastern San An­ tonio, Valley Forge is off 
O’Connor 
Road and between Nacogdoches Road and N E IH35. Residents have the exclusive use of a tennis-swimming facility. 

OASsmto wm*y 

Children attend North East schools. 
Lakeside, in southeastern 
Bexar County, is just out­ side the city limits off Hwy. 
87 and east of SE Loop 41o. 
Amenities here include a 

 lake for boating and fish­ ing, park-like picnic area, swimming pool, lighted tennis courts, playground, jogging and biking paths. 
East Central schools serve the area. 

IT’'CT 'JI,1 

V r 
M O R T O N /SOUTHW EST H O M ES ore offered in three area communities 

The communities, each in a different San Antonio area, feature piodcls which show how Morton/South­ west avoided stripping quality features from homes and carne up with lively floor plans. 
Lively plans 
These models represent the two most recent series of housing for today’s mo­ dern families: Freedom 
Homes and Success Homes. 
Their selected neighbor­ hoods are Cimarron, in the 
Universal City vicinity; 
Lakeside, a southeastern 
Bexar County neighborhood designed for recreation- minded families; and Val­ ley Forge in northeastern 
San Antonio. 

Morton/Southwest knows, of course, that everyone wants to live where if s worth the money, and the firm kept that in mind as a top priority when these communities were chosen for its Freedom and Suc­ cess Homes. 
The firm feels the main reason it outdid the others last year is that its customers know they are living where it’s worth their monev. 
They have a home which suits their individual needs and desires since they got to select it from a variety of market-tested floor plans. 

Thus, home buyers, who had been told they would 

 have to settle for a lot less to move into a new home, discovered this was not so at all. 

Morton/Southwest showed them they can still get their money’s worth — not only in a new home but in a de­ sirable neighborhood, too. 

Freedom 
Homes are priced from $28.IMH). The three- and four-bedroom series will be modeled in all three communities this weekend. 

Success Homes, priced from 
$33,6oo, w ill be modeled in Valley Forge and Lakeside. This series has rapidly increased in popularity due to their nu­ merous extras. 

 m m m p < r n W 
> V> 
-- 
J "y's% * 
' 
,\> * 

Cimarron is off Kitty 
Hawk Drive just south of 
NE FM 16o4 in Universal 
City. The community has a western flair due to its rus­ tic surroundings. Its resi­ dents have access to a swim club, scout hut and play­ ground. 

O A K M EA D O W has a quiet, yet convenient location 
Countrylike atmosphere enjoyed at Oak Meadow 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 
BUILDERS ASSOCIATION 

Oak M eadow r e s i­ dents enjoy a country- like atmosphere, just minutes north of C as­ tle Hills on NW Mili­ tary Highway. 
Oak Meadow enjoys a lo­ 

 cation in the rolling hills just north of San Antonio, yet is ariose enough for quick access to NYV Loop 
41o, North Star and Central 
Park malls within minutes. 
Sitterlc and Co s. offers homes in Oak Meadow beginning at $53.iMH>. 

(uumvoufUT 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

January 1977 San Antonio Schedule 
1o1 
Bosk 
Jan. 3-18 
8 Night 
1o1 
Bosk 
Jan. 3- 7 
5 Day 
2o) 
Principles 
Jan. 1o-14 
5 Day 
1o1 
Bosk 
Jan. 15-23 
Weekend 
3o1 
Practice 
Jon 17-21 
5 Days 
4o1 
Management 
Jan. 22-3o 
Weekend 
1o1 
Bosk 
Jan. 24-28 
5 Days 
TOI 
Principles 
Jon. 29-Feb. 6 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles 
Jan. 31 -Fob. 4 
5 Days for Fro# Catalog Coil 734 2o75 

A m e r i c a n C o l l e g e 
•'SI 
SB* BB '(MKI lins !»,*!/ ,M?t It, ‘Bf, 

The homes are roomy and comfortable, with such features as wood-burning fireplaces. complete carpeting, custom cabinets, tiled entries, utility rooms and lots of indoor and out­ door storage space. With extra insulation, the homes are energy savers. 

Cedar roofs, pebble fin­ ished walkways, driveways and patios complete the outdoor appearance. 

Financing for Sitterle homes in Oak Meadow is available through VA, FUA and conventional sources. 
Payments are lower be­ cause there are no city taxes. Children attend 
North East schools. A swim club and tennis courts are available to residents. 

The drive to Oak Meadow is a pleasant one, out NW 
M ilitary Highway from 
Loop 41o. The Sitterle sales office is open from IO a m. until dark Tuesday through 
Saturday; 
Sunday and 
Monday, noon until dark. 

CIASSWND O W U f 

CLASSOTCO IMSWAY 

M ASSOTH) P O W A Y 
-SA 
... EASY TO LIVE IN. 
W 
M 
H 
E 
M 

$33,ooo to $4o,ooo 
8 % V A - FHA 
Conventional 
Loans Available 

...the kind of community people stay in. 

• 3 & 4 bedroom homes • Frigidaire appliances a Friedrich central heat & air 
• Finished 2 cor garages 
...cmd much, much more 

Sotos Off.: 

M4-13M 
6oo2 Morning Star 
Open IO Til Dork All WM k Long 

EXCLUSIVELY HAtKFTEO BY 
WALT CORNELIUS 
4412 RUHMAN RD. 
OFF.: 828 6343 
RES : 655-264o 

 et A m m o P o w a y 

 r n 
UPW 

If s Y b u r L ife 
Live it up, or downstairs, or both. 

We have one bedroom studios end flats designed to make it easy for you to liva Just the way you like. Our glamorous studios feature a living area downstair* with a woodbuming fireplace for chilly nights, and a loft bedroom overlooking all. The flats give equal importance to living end sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room end a large walk-in closet. 
Whichever you choose, you'll enjoy the unique Woodbin lifestyle — a way to get away without leaving homa. There a lots of fresh a ir, . . quiet nights, three pools, tennis courts, and two clubhouses 
Pius,W oodhull location makes it easily accessible to almost anywhere: it'* only one minute from 1-1o, three to neighborhood shopping at Colonies 
North, five lo rustle like 
Northstar, and 3o from 
Medina end Canyon lakes. net SIS*, ta*** SIM M 
Open ‘til dusk 

H P m l ImM itooomk 

L O W * * 

I APARTMENTS 
4ooo Woodson* Drive. 6oo-17oo 

“ M o n e y ’s W o i( jb w is a D a il y N e w Y e a r ’s 
. 
.. *.w*-"- 
% 
~ ~ " 
.S. 
R e s o l u t i o n at M o r t o n / S o u t h w e s t ./ 

WITH i n 

 lorn kit 
VALLEY FOEGE 
655-5931 
Ct CIMARRON EJ 
658-4793 
L U K E S H ^ 

 porch 
648-3491 

Freedom Two 

*28,775 

Freedom Homes set you Free! 
You con say goodbye to crowd­ ed apartment living and rent receipts! Say hello to a return on your dollar-your home payment is an investment (you're building equity), not just an expense) 
Plus Freedom Homes have long list of standard features (includ­ ed in the sales price) like 2 car garages, family-size patios, dishwasher, 2 full baths ... 
A r m s t r o n g 

FLOORING 
NO PAYMENT 
'TIL APRIL 
8 % VA FINANCING 
NOTHING DOW N VA 
FHA a CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING AVAILABLE 

J 
? 

PQ 
FURNISHED M O DELS 
O PEN DAILY TIL DUSK 
W I WILL BK OPEN THIS SU N D AY ! 

: & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & £ 

Freedom Homes ore close to where you work and rhop and play. And in San Antonio s outstanding school districts. Come on out and let us share some of our year-round Christmas 
Sprit with you. 

 mortem southwest 

W rite! P.O. Bex 1B42B 
Sen Antonio, lo x e s 7B2B6 
•Prices of Homes may very according to neighborhood and location. 

 i 
V 

I977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday January 2 
SABOR chairmen selected 

Chairmen of San Antonio 
Board of Realtors com­ mittees for 1977 have been announced. 
Named by incoming SA­ 
BOR president 
Ray 
Ragsdill are 
Virginia 
McDaniel, attendance and welcome; Bernard Host, 
)udget and finance; Carl 
Ventwich. by-laws; George 
Tucker, education; Harry 
Steel, farm and land; Guy 
Chipman, forms. 
Also, Bill Belial), grie­ vance; Bob Jones, insur­ ance; Howard Rich, legis­ lation and taxation; Steve 
Pogue, 
Make America 
Better; 
Arlene 
Clark, membership; Sue Weems, multiple listing service* 

George Leeah, policy and procedure. 
Also, Bob Cooper, pro­ gram and inaugural; Casey 
Jones, property manage­ ment and building; Virgin­ ia Cervenka, publicity and public relations; Elvis 
Stinting, rea» estate fin­ ance; Don Johnson, Real- 

 tor-builder. 
. Others include Seymour 
Frey f us. 
Realtor and 
Realtor-Associate of the 
Year; Clara Belle father. 
Realtor protection; Marvin 
Kline, warranty program, and George Leeah, Texas 
Real Estate Political Ac­ tion Committee. 
Regulations cost money 

The cost of governmental intervention in all phases of the building process is staggering, particularly in the land development area. 
For example, a study pre­ pared for the Colorado As­ sociation of Housing and 
Building showed that site development eosts (such 

 things as sewer fees, utility costs and the like) for a typical single-family home in Colorado increased 84 per cent in five years, from 
$3,45o in 1975 to $8,34o in 
1975. Of that increase, 
$1,3oo was the result of ad­ ditional federal, state and local regulations. 

NORTHCLIFF! Country Club Estates range from $6o,75o to $93,5oo 
Country Club Estates shine today 

Northciiffe Country 

Club Fatales are de­ signed for the family which recognizes that there can he value in luxury. 

Northciiffe Country Club 
Estates, priced from 
$8o,75o to $93,5oo, is an ex­ clusive home community surrounded by an 18-hole championship golf course. 
Some of these homes’ striking features include 
Builders set 
I 977 parade 

The Greater San Antonio Builders Associa­ tion Board of Directors has approved a 1977 
Parade of homes to open in May at San An­ tonio 
Ranch. 
Project chairman Wayne Jaroszewski said the 1977 parade has two major objectives: 
—to stimulate home buying interest and encourage consumers to buy new homes. 
—to bring before the home buyer and consumer new products and concepts in the 
Home Products Show. 
He said the Home Products Show will be a separate display arca within the parade site for association suppliers and manufacturers to bring before the public the latest in ap­ pliances, materials and equipment for the home. 
Through the Parade of Homes, Jaroszewski said, the association hopes to demonstrate its concern with the housing needs of San Anton­ ians and its desire to meet those needs with comfortable and suitable housing. 
The hom e is here to stay 

This is the ninth in a I 3-port series submitted to The 
G olden Twins by the Texas Real Estate Research 
Cantar at Texas A A M University. The articles are appearing only in the Sunday ix p re ss-N e w s real estate sections. 

Despite rising costs and a growing number of apartment condominiums, the detached single-family home is here to stay. 
So says (ho Texas Real Estate Research ( enter 
(T R E R (’) at Texas A&M University in a recently released reports, “ Texas Real Estate — 1985." 
No ‘sacrifices* 
“ With real income rising in the future, people will not be inclined to sacrifice privacy and independence," says the report, “even if they might be forced to give up some floor space or plush cai- pets." 
TRERC pointed to a recent survey it conducted which indicates average size of a Texas home built iii 
1975 as 1.85o sq. ft. This compares to 1,892 sq. ft. in 
1974. 
“ As building costs and utility bills rise and the average size of households continues to decline, the size of the average house will probably decline further." notes TRERC researchers. “ However, if the people's real income is going to be higher in the future, it does not appear likely they will allow themselves to be cramped into extremely small living units." 
THERE predicted the average size of a single-fa­ mily residence constructed in 1985 will be around 
1,5oo sq. ft. 

CLAtM FIfO O O H * T 
CLASSIFIED O M M A V 

 t e n 

 a p a r t m e n l r*o i i i irs ii l i l l y 

 u 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
ALL BILLS PAID 
FROM $17o. 
69o-ooo1 

1o7o7IH-1o W ES! 
1-1o West take Wunbock flit stay on Access Rd. VS mi. 

 gourmet kitchens, luxury appointments in master baths, and double fire­ places with a view from (he master suite and don. 
Homeowners have a choice of color for paint, carpet, formica and wallpaper, as well as selec­ tion in roof and brick. 

Northciiffe Country Club 
Estates is one section of 
Homecraft’s Northciiffe community, which also in­ cludes Northciiffe and 
Northciiffe East. 

Construction has com­ menced on the $2 million recreational facility, which includes three lighted stan­ dard tennis courts, an 
18-hole golf course, swim­ ming, wading and diving pools and a multi-story, 
6,ooo square foot clubhouse. 

A professional center court will be included with 

 tournament bleachers sur­ rounding it. 
Homecraft offers a number of innovative pro­ grams in Northciiffe, such as its option program and 
“ snug home” program. * 
The option program is offered in Northciiffe East, and allows a homeowner to add accessories to the basic structure according to his needs and finances. 
The “ snug home" pro­ gram is designed to save money on utility costs, us­ ing such features as solar glass tinted windows, spe­ cial weather stripping, precision-fitted steel doors, insulated foilback sheath­ ing and an energy-efficient heating and air condition­ ing system. 
Northciiffe homes are priced from $37,45o to 
$44,75o, and include three- and four-bedroom models, four floor plans and a 

 choice of traditional, Medi­ terranean and French ex­ teriors. 
Northciiffe East homes include an all-brick exter­ ior, two-car garage, fin­ ished cabinetry, boxed window seats and, in three-bedroom plans, slid­ ing glass patio doors. 
They range from $27,45o to $37,5oo. 
To reach Northciiffe, take NE 111 35 to the Cibo- lo-Hubertus Road exit and follow the signs. 

^ Q°°<y 
^ a 
O L 
.s 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

START YOUR 
NEW YEAR RIGHT ... 

COME MAKE YOUR HOME AT SUNFLOWER 

★ 1, 2 & 3 bedroom apartment homes ★ 
Adult and 
Family 
Sections 
★ 
W ash­ er/Dryer connections 
★ 
Separate adult pool ★ Heated W hirlpool ★ Clubhouse ★ 
Teen Recreation Center ★ V olley Ball Court 

★ School bus pick-up. 

THIS WEEKEND SPECIAL 

I BDR. W/DEN — $22o.oo MO 
ALL BILLS PAID 

OPEN SUN., JAN. 2ND - I -5 P.M. 
SilRHOUieR 
A PA RT M EN T S 

Tahr* Ixtop 41o lo tho H larrrret f u ll and d rtv r paul Lo 
Su n flow e r Apartment*. 
2554 Nor!ll*'.int loop 41o 
<>3o-1 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH-1o 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTONE 
• 
JKS 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
C H A N G IN G CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

• r n 

732-4*11 

The 
^iranian 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

UH Stubby 
oUFEWVESTORS 

12-3 
Bedrooms 

 a te 

WE SM . I* 
; 13 UR INVESTORS 

 irr* " 

 a p a r t m e n t s 

9525 LORENE 
3 4 4 - 9 8 8 8 
/^pomowT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 G ard en d ale 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 

HARPERS 

 a p a r t m f n t s 

Family Sections 
Washer & Dryer 
Connections 

Unfurnished 

3 4 4 -9 7 7 1 
3SoI Pin Oak Drive 

° Eb M AD RID 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• “ Complete’’ All electric kitchens 

Washer-Dryer 
Connections 
All Bills Paid 

6 9 6 - 2 8 4 6 
6111 Vance Jackson 

° 

The* «*hII eel' ii 
M ill 
\ e w life N ly le 
Family & Adult Living 
Washer Dryer connections 
12221 Blanco Road 
4 9 2 -2 1 7 1 

Te r r a 

A lta 

FURN & UNF URN 

, 
IDEAL FUR COUPLES 

AND STUDENTS 

411 EVEREST 
828-533o 

9 
'O JI 

9 8 S B F h 
NOB 
HILL 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartm ents off IH-1o 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 
© FRENCH CHALET 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

THI ULTIMATt APARTMENT 

CO M M UNITY 
344-4616 

 o 
EL MIRADOR 
APTS. 
Quiet Adult Apts. 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 

From'165 

FREE TV with each lease 
1o7o7 IN IO Wast 
All Bills Paid 
6 9 o -o o o 1 

© 
LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ TENNIS WORLD” 
. racquetball hi ai th, and ((least Clue 
* ADULT ANO FAIRILY SECTIONS 
« FURNISHO ANO U N FUtN ISH ID A FA R IM EN T I 
* UTILITIES PA W 
. NORTHIAST SCHOOLS/BUS SEBVICI 
* NOB TH STAB AND CENTRAL PA BK MALL A RIA 
115 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

© 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
CO N VfN M N T LOCATION A N O UTILITIES PAID 
8o51 BROADWAY 
8 2 4 -o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

° The Meadows 

Universal Q ty * finest. O n ly minutes from Ran dolph and Fort Sam , the M eadow s features spacious 2 bedroom apartments boosting large rooms, patios and balconies, and oil electric kit­ chens with self cleaning oven*, disposals, frost free refrigerators, and dishwashers 
651-5349/MOOI Oak 
Maodaw / Universal City 

LINDA APTS. 
235 H O W A R D OH 11OO N . M A IN 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk. Mom Sank, lubyt, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 
226-8492 

THE WOODS 
LUXURY UNITS 
$42o TO $6oo 

8915 Data Point 

6 9 6 -5 5 3 6 o r 6 9 6 - 4 5 1 o 

© 

 w \ 11 u 

VIM It 
VI* V H I M I N I 
J 

 t h 8 iP ie r 

1946 N. E. L o o p 41o 
EFIS tykib y 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 
o 
LIFE WVESTORS 
826-2355 

© The B R ITT A N Y 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU- 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT- 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL, 
86o7 JONIS MAlTSBFRGiR 
3 41-31 26 

© 
I .’ATRIUMS OK 

9 2 1 4 D a rtb ro o k D rive 
6 9 6 - o 1 4 6 

© 
N O t T H f A I T ARIA 

H e r r in 
< 
? la z a 

I A 2 BDR. A TO W N H O U SES 

C a rd e n apts with cle a n well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shop­ ping, features plus. 

Parrin-Beitel Rd. 
653-71 22 

© 

© 
OASIS APARTMENTS 
1o387 SAHARA DR. 
ADULT AND FAMILY LIVING 
EFFICIENCIES, I BDR., 
2 BDR., I BATH, 3 BDR., 2 BATH 
A U UTILITIES PAID 
341-2111 

The COURTYARD 
APARTMENT 

IN THI HEART OF 
TURTLE CREEK 

4411 GARDINO ALI 
696-4892 

© NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

© 
TurtleCreek 

 looted off the iou ear- el Turtle (leek Country Uuk ut northern Sat Intones, Turtle (reek offers large rearm. 
Implore-,, fuB tenet kitchens, end many other features lf 

 hr Mimes townhouse'., I end 2 bedroom-. 
696-452o/8631 
F a irh a v e n D riv e 

I S Uptmore A Associates 

°L a w n W o o d 
An ADULT COMMUNITY. 
AM Am—u r n .t — O n Bm. Line *• St.*##*"# • BF. 
M ary I ii 
I . 3 A S Be Mr . . rn — I § 9 JS M - IM * OO (Fur*. A 
Uneven.) 
UTILITIES PAID 
33o1 W. W OODLAW N . 434-9394 
A BO A B O U A P A ! f MONT C O M M O N 11T 

O 
I J a r f e C a t l i n e 

A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n i t y 

T V MONITORED SECURITY— GARDEN PATIOS 

LUXURIOUS CLUB R O O M -GYM i SAUNAS 

I 2 3 BDR 
I A 2 BATH 
M 7o 27o (Furn Add, UTILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDHU «D. 
424-4191 
Between Miller#** A Ca lie ghee 
A Bah Roes A betm en t Community 

© POPLAR ST. APTS. 
324 POPLAR 

M ID -TO W N CONVENIENCE 
226-8492 

© th e B r e e k , 

For the truth, 
Compare 
LOiOr' Sahara Drive, tust east of San Pedro, north J 
349-2617 of Loop 41o 
/J 

EX PR ESS* 
N E W S 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 
HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5x3o P.M. 
MONDAY thro FRIDAY 

I M 
— U t ) anta Pew*# 
1 1 O — 
I r k M 
M e t r e s 
I I X - P t t l M t l M M i M e ttee t 

Vm m tim m G « W * 
Static#* 
I W 
- M l A 
V l l — O M k i . l P w W lt .H ^ ii 
I M 
— 
U f l M » k > t 

• C A I C STA TI 

M I — I m I ( M a t* N a t k t t 
C M '" W>M M t O g e n fu r 
Iw f . c t b n 
X O * — P r o f . r t f Ow ) « f T o w n 
* k o f f lu t iu m i— 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jan 2 1977 
225-1 

JESSEL* q u ick k £Sul 

[ a n n o u n c e m e n t s ) [ Tgf ) 

 c sttaMwoTKis j fiTo) c sttcm notices 
J (n o ) f yta*i Nonas' 
'•■■mimmmmmmmmimhmiM' 
•a M n a iH H H aainM an| 
Today’s Lucky 
License winner 

Deadline: 5 p.m. Mon., Jan. 3, 1977 

— (Claims not honored on w eekends) 

Because of New Year’s Eve 
No Claims will be honored Friday 

 f i x a s 

 t w i l i t 
, . , 

S OA — I f i H w i m t , D u p le x s ! 
• I O— 
N m m i — 
N m H i m d l l t — H u n t - M » n tt w n 
• I A — H m m i — So w Hm .1 ) 
X I A - H a w f t — V w A w t i l t i l — N « w m i M o w e d a n d 
W r a c k a d 
S N — M w m m t a r T ra d * 
S M — 
M ie c e N e n e o w ! 
• a a l I t t a ta 
S M —- M a o !* !, S a l* a r R a n t 
S C A - — S u b u rb a n P ro p e rt y 

— 
A c r e a g e 
3 X 1 — 
• • M d P ro p e rt ie s 
S S O — t a t ! 
• S t — f a r m ! a n d R a n c h * ! 
3 3 4 — f a r m ! a n d R a n c h * ! tor 
R a n t 
3 3 A — C o m m a e c ia l P ro p e rt y , 
— 
Sad* 
3 3 o — C o m m e rc ia ! P r o p e r t y 
(U rn * ) 
3 4 o — C o m m a r t i a l R ra p a rty 

( W a n t a d i 
3 4 1 — In d u s tria l P r o p e r t y fo r 
S o fa 
3 o 4 
In d u s tria l P r o p a r t y f o r 
L a o s * 
3 4 o ■ In d u s tria l P r e p a r t y 
W a n t e d 
3 4 4 — O f f ic e S p e c * fo r L a o s* 
S S O — O ffic e S p e c* W a n te d 
3 9 3 — 
R o o f ( s ta t * S a il a r 
(■ cha n g a 
3 S 4 — 
R o o f ( s ta t * W a n t e d 
3 S 4 — R e a l (s ta t* lo o n s — 
N o t o s 

3 S A — 
R o a f ( s ta t * L e a n s 
W a n t e d 
J O I — 
M o b i l . H o m e s fo r R a n t 

 you can win SSO cash! 

■ C N TAIS 

4 o 1 - A p a r t m e n t s fu r n is h e d 
4 o 3 — 
H o u s e k e e p in g A p t. 
( u r n . 
4 o 4 — A p a r tm e n ts . 
U n fu rn is h e d 
A O A — H o u s e s. D u p le x e s — fu r n is h e d 
A O R — 
M o u sa s, D u p le x e s — 
U n fu rn is h e d 

4 1 o — M o u s e s, R a n t a r S a il 
4 1 3 — R e a m s , fu r n is h e d 
4 1 4 — R o a m s . U n fu rn is h e d 
4 1 4 — R e a m s w ith R o a rd 
A I R — 
W a n t t a R a n t a r L a o s* 

Pick up bumper stickers at tho Express-News 

 lobby, Avenue E and Third St. or at any 

San Antonio lone Star - Circle X - U-Tote-M - Mr. M store. 

R U S IN ! SS 
O P P O R T U N I T IfS 
$ 

$o1 — Ro s in e s s O p p o rt u n itie s 
5 o 3 — 
R u sm a ts O p p o rt u n itie s 
W a n te d 
3 o 4 — M o n e y ta L e n d 

SO A — fin a n c ia l— 
In v e stm e n ts 
5 o 4 — 
O d P re p o s itio n s 
3 1 o — M o n e y W a n te d 
3 1 3 — Instruc lie n s 
5 1 4 — In stru ctio n s W o n te d 

(M P I O V M C N T ii 

A O I — P ro fe s s io n a l 
A O I - S o lo s 
* o 4 — T e ch n ica l 

A O S — 
R e s u m e s 

A O A — A d m in is tr a t iv e — 
I m o n s ie ! 

A O R — Sec re t a r io l 
R I O — O ffic e A C le r ic a l 
A t 3 — 
M e d ic a l 
A I A — Sh ills - I r a d e s 
A 1 o — f o o d - D rin k S e rv ic e s 
A I R — 
T e m p o r a r y 
4 1 o — M a lp W a n t e d 
M is c e lla n e o u s 
A l l — D o m e s tic 
4 1 4 — 
S itu a tio n s W a n t e d 

M I R C H A NOISC 

T O I — 
TO A — 
T O A - 

TO T - 
T 1 o - 
7 X 1 . 

T 1 1 - 
T 1 3 - 
T 1 4 - 

T 1 S - 
T 1 4 - 
T 1 R - 
T 1 R - 
T 3 o - 
7 2 4 - 

T 3 4 - 

 ii i: 

7 3 3 * 

1 3 3 — A foreh a n d !!# W a n te d 
T I A — A u c tio n S o lo 
T X I - 
R o sin e ss D ire c to ry 

• Saxvsng 
• R usm ess la u ip m e n t 
-B u ild in g M a t e r ie ls 

- P o r to h io B u ild in g * 

- fu r n itu r e 
- .R a to n R r o h e r s 

- A p p lia n c e s 
- f l e a M a r k a ls 
- A n ti* wet 
- P o in t in g s 
-C o M o cto rs Im p o rts 
-C a in s A J e w e lr y 
- C o m o r o — 
P h o t * ( q u ip . 
- M u s ic a l In s tru m e n ts 
- N u r s e r ie s , C a r d e n 
—O d f ie ld la u ip m e n t 

- M a c h in e r y a n d f o a ls 
M e r c h a n d is e M o r i 
— P a r s o n T o P a r s o n 

PO O S—-MTS 
> K 
718— O egt-Cctt-lrrdi-Fett f M —. P#ut9ry-* eteMire - tees 

 ll Vt STOCK 

T M — li*eite« k-fe e d -le e d i 
PAI -.Produce 
742— Farm Igvtgwtent an4 

R(CR(ATIOMAL 
A 

License Rules and How fo Claim Prize: 

1. Stick lu c k y License bum per sticker o n rea r bum per o f veh icle as clo se to lice nse p la te as p ossib le . Be sure b u m pe r is clean as bum per sticker w ill not ad h e re to d irty su rface. 

 ense p late s w hich w ill be p u b lish e d e v e ry d a y . 
3. W in n e r m ust claim p rize by d e a d lin e sta te d in the ad. 

~ i. Bring S ta te a u to m o b ile reg istration slip to Lucky License Editor at the 
E xp ress-N e w s. C la im s w ill n o t b e h o n o re d o n S a tu rd a y o r S u n d a y. 
5. E m ployees o f the E x p re ss-N e w s o r d istrib u to rs a n d their fa m ilie s are not elig ib le , lf such a lice n se is in a d v e rte n tly p u b lish e d , it w ill not b e h on ored. 
6 . O n ly veh icles w ith E x p re ss-N e w s re a r b um per stick e r a tta ch e d w ill be e lig ib le fo r p h o to w in ner. 

7 . W in n e rs w ill be a w a rd e d $ 5 o cash if the p rize is cla im e d b e fo re the sta te d d e a d lin e , lf it is not, the p riz e is fo rfe ite d . 
8. N o p urch ase is ne cessa ry. Bum per stickers a re a v a ila b le free a t the 
Express N e w s Lob b y, Lone S ta r, C irc le K or U-ToU? M o r M r. M 

 stores. C o p ie s o f the Express and N e w s are a v a ila b le for in sp ection at the front counter from 8 .3 o a.m . to 5 : 3 o p.m . M o n d a y -frtd a y or at p u b lic lib ra rie s duping o pe n hours. 

 e s - Trotte rs 
A R I — M a t* * M a m a s 

RRR 
M vn I lu g A f it * ta g 
— — 
■ii.ii 
, ii.- rn 
— ... 

M O R ISI M O M ! ! r n 

{ R IO — 
M o b il* H o m e s fo r $ a le 

• I I — 
M o b ile H e m * R e p a ir s 

8 1 1 ——M o b ile M o m * P o r k s 

A U T O M O T IV I 

A A I w - W o e SoA A vees. Trucks, 

 f ro p e r s. M as eru ye Sos 
A A R — M a »o r i ye Sea— Sc o o p e rs 

I— 
T ir o s — 
P a r t s - 

•AA— Truck* A Commercial 
T c o ile rs — R u se s 
R I O — 
A u f * , f le a r n in g — 
L o o m g i X — A ir c r a ft ( a r y ic e s — 

• 4 — 
A n t iq u e s - C o lle c t o r s 
• I R — 
( p o rf s. f o r e ig n C a rs 
• I R — 
C a r s — f 

TS I I M Clew)**## Deem 
•Maces ^^fe^tse sec fro s t re** i t a l 

IAR— Carp af Thanks 

* DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY) 
SAVE YOU 6o% 
WRITE YOUR OWN AD 
A N e w to w Rate for private party M erchandise Advertising colled "D ou b le Bonus A d s " w ill deliver results of Texas-Sized Savings ct! 6o% . These ads cue exposed to 2 9 3 ,o o o potential buyers D aily in the Son A ntonio W ont A d Superm arket (3 3 ,o o o m ore than the light} 

The Doubt*.- Bonus Special is designed to provid e a reduced rote for individuals w ho wish to sell things they no longer need The special rate o f 2 lines, 6 d ays $3 m akes it profitable to advertise low-cost items such as baby furniture or used appliances 

The only requirem ents are: 

1 
O n ly private individuals are eligible for this 6 o % m oney sovm u rate. 
2 
The od must be p laced for si* days, lf the item is sold before the si* days ore up, you may cancel further running days of the od but the full rote w ill be charged, (In other words, no tefund or rate adjustm ent for unused d ays an d no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 D A YS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 

 n — 
I I I I I I I I I I I l l 
I I I I I I I I l l I I I I 
3 r r r r i i i 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. r n n i 
T n n 
3 
H 
1 1 ' I i t t t t t t t i i i i i i i i i i I T T i i r n 

 a r r r r i i m r r r r r n i 11 t i i i r n i i n n 
5111 f I I T I I n r m i i i i i i i i i ' m 11 r n 

Figure the cost o f your o d from these low rotes D educt 1o% for 
2 l i n o s paym ent with your order. These rotes ore for p rivate party w ant-ads 
3 l i n o s and apply to six consecutive day insertions. 2 lines minimum, A p- 
4 l i n o s proxim ately 31 spaces per line, j l i n a s 

Please check your a d the first d a y it appears N O A D JU S T M E N T S 
A l i n e s 
FO R ERROR C A N BE M A D I AFTIR THI FIRST R U N N IN G D A V 
J l i n o s 

$ 3 . o o 

4 . 5 o 

6 . o o 

7 . 5 o 

9 . o o 

1 o . 5 o 

N A M E_______ 

ADDRESS_____ 

CITY__________ 

START DATE 

PHONE NO 

STATE 
Z I P 

CLASS. 

-------------MAIL COUPON TO — ----— 
EXPRESS-N EW S DOUBLE BO N U S ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
— 

 o r c a l l ... 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 

BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 
SSSS$SSS$SSSSSSSSSS$SS$S$SS$S$SSSSSSS 

N otice of sale o f O n Hond-Refused Freight in accordance with Section 4(a), (b) and (s) o f the 
Bill o f Lading Contract. 

Location: A lam o Express, Inc., 51 Essex St., San Antonio, Texas. 

Sealed bids will be accepted and m erchandise can be seen ja n u a ry 6 , 1 9 7 6 , betw een the hours o f 1:3o p.m. and 3 :o o p.m. only. A ll bids must be post m arked no later than m idnight. January 8, 
1 9 7 7 . 
Follow ing w ill be subject to bid: 
LO T 

14o44 
1 4 o 4 7 
1 4 o o 2 
1 4 o o 4 
1 4 o 4 5 
1 4 o o ! 
1 4 o o o 
1 4294 
1 4 o o 5 
1 4 o 4 6 
1 4 o o 6 
1 4 o o 7 
1 4 o o 8 
14181 
1 4 1 8 6 
1 4 1 8 o 
•14193 
1 4 1 7 9 
14 174 
14 175 
14 176 
1 4 185 
1 4 1 8 7 
1 4 1 7 3 
14 172 
1 4 194 
1 4 1 9 5 
1 4 1 9 2 
1 4 1 6 9 
1 4 1 9 7 
1 4 1 7 o 
14 196 
1 4 ) 8 2 
14 177 
I 4 I 92 
1 4 3 2 o 

D ESCRIPTIO N 

 art work 
3 / cartons displays 
4 cartons tank filters 
2 cartons Paper Disp. 
3 boxes com ode 
I pc. parts 
I carton m erchandise 
I ctn. pope ''goods 
I ctn. hood & fender 
I piece glass 
I drum chem ical 
1 drum cleaning com pound 
2 cartons footw ear 
2 table bases 
I carton m achine parts 
3 boxes books 
9 ctn. adv. displays 
I crt. m otorcycle 
I ctn dresses 
1 panel cover 
2 cartons unknown 
5 bundles knives 
I ctn deodorant 
I ctn refrigerator 
6 ctn fittings 
I ctn chain links 
I ctn W ood C o ld Stg. D oors 
1 ctn Racks 
4 ctn tub O il 
2 ctn. printed m atter 
2 ctn air com pressors 
2 ctn gam es Of toys 
I ctn Steel Fan G a te 
I ctn V egetable O il 
I Flex G lass Door 
4 ctn cotton d o th or synthetic sheeting 

C O N S IG N E E 

Bay Tree V acation C lub 
M L. Bridges 
O d e co C aspery W e n d a ll 
W in . D avid C r e A 
M urrys M ob ile H om es 
Bob Chapm an 
N .Y . life Ins. Co. 
Havo-Tam pa W h olesale 
Jim Corvette Sales 
C orpus Christi M useum 
Unknow n 
Lam b O il & G a s Co. 
Pat M ag e e Surf Shop 
Bonanza Furn. 
Talleres Lozano 
Los Specialty Serv. 
W R. M orley 
Rene R G o n za le s 
C hancellor Enterprises 
G e ra d o C a vazo s 
G o n za le z Castro 
Tide Products 
V iking M ag ic Co. 
M rs. Rafaeia G . de C h ap a 
Brown & Root 
Jesse M artinez 
Bill Tex Const. Co. 
M an g els Store 
M artin ez Co. 
Betz De M e xico 
Edinburg Hdw e 
C a rd & Q u ill 
Dr F. C arter & Sears 
HEB Food Stores 
Luis Pena Inserv. 

■ 
Bernals Trim Shop 

D ES T IN A T IO N 

C orpus Christi, Tx. 
C orpus Christi, Tx. 
Rockport, Tx. 
C orpus Christi, Tx. 
C orpus Christi, Tx, 
C orpus Christi, Tx. 
C orpus Christi, Tx. 
C orpus Christi, Tx. 
Corpus Christi, Tx. 
Corpus Christi, Tx. 
Unknow n 
Portland, Tx. 
Port Aransas, Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
San Juan, Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
Edinburg, Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
Rio G ra n d e Ci*v Tx. 
Edinburg, Tx. 
M cA llen , Tx. 
Rio G ra n d e C ity, Tx. 
San Juan, Tx. 
Rom a, Tx. 
Rio G ra n d e C ity, Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
H idalgo, Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
Edinburg, Tx. 
M cA lle n , Tx, 
M cA lle n , Tx. 
M ission, Tx. 
H idalgo, Tx. 

Laredo, Tx. 

J S e i a a i i M U w u * * * * —**—■•**■■■mux—t a f 
RIAL ESTATE 
J [ « J 

H o r n * * 

N o r t h w M t 

2 1 2 

SPECIAL H o g g s 
C 
SPECIAL N O T lf e : D e n s ) 

★ ♦ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ •Ar ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ it it it it it if if it it 'k it 

M r. & M rs. Jackie L. A lbert proudly announce the a r­ rival of their baby B O Y: A n ­ drew Joseph Albert, 7 lbs. 
3Va oz. born Decem ber 11, 
19 7 6 . 

M r. & M rs, M ichael I. Creel prou dly announce the a r­ rival o f their baby BO Y: 
Robert Thom as C reel, 5 lbs. 
13 Va oz. born Decem ber 
IO, 1976. 

M r. & M rs. Ronald C. Hess proudly announce the c r­ avat o f their baby GIRL; 
Katherine 
Elaine 
Hess, 
8 lbs. I oz. born Decem ber 
16, 1976. 

Rev. 
& 
M rs. 
W illiam 
B. longhorn proudly announce the arrival o f their TW IN S: 
Yvonne C am illa 5 lbs 12*/* o z. and Yvette Dechelle 5 lbs. 
I oz. born D ecem ber 
16, 1976. 

M r. & M rs. H ow ard D. M c- 
G u ff proudly announce the arrival o f their baby BOY-. 

Birth Announcements 

M atthew Stanley M cG u ff, 7 lbs. 3 oz. born Decem ber l l , 1976. 

M r. and 
M rs. lo u is 
I. 
M artin ez 
Jr. proudly a n ­ nounce the arrival o f their baby BOY-. Anthony M ich ­ ael, Dec. 3o, 
1 9 7 6 , 7'/z lbs. 

M r & M rs. Jam es Rasso, Jr. prou dly announce the a r­ rival o f their baby GIRL! 
D ona M ichelle Rasso, 7 lbs. 
4 oz. born Decem ber 18, 
1976. 

M r & M rs. W ilton M . Sm ith prou dly announce the ar­ rival o f their baby GIRI* 
A m y Lynette Smith, 6 lbs. 4 oz. born 
Decem ber 
17, 
19 7 6 . 

T o P la te Your 

Birth Announcement 
Call Ms. Jam es 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

* 
AC 
+ 
* 
★ 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
. A 
A 
A 
* 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
♦ 
A 
A 

REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

S P E C I A L t lA W e w ill build or add on to y o u r h om e , low , low p r ic e s n o w 1 No S dwn on m ost d e a ls! C all fo r d e t a i ls , M r 
M a r t in e z . Im - p rove m en ts Co. 434-o623. 

WE’LL BUY YOUR HOME 
F o r cash. F a st S e rv ic e W ill tra d e 
314 3o91 BO B DePAO LO R E A L T O R 
W HY P A Y R E N T ? Own your own home, no down payment to anyone! 
Payments less than rent. 
Lloyd Montgomery 
458-18o4 

OPEN HOUSES 

Cheryl's Special >: price Massage. 
734-8253 
O f f 
IA N S P E C IA L : D O U B lfe 
TRO UBLE. FA M O U S SK IN N Y D IP 
M A SSA G E . ESCO R T, OUT C A LL, 
HY A P P O IN T M E N T . A M A Z O N p l a y g i r l s a n d p l a y b o y s . 
11)ooo MC C U LLO U G M , 349 698o. 

FOB RENT 
H ourly or dully Auditorium and 
P u n y room beautiful North Side 
Location, great tor m usic, clubs, parties wedding ret notions, meet­ ings of oil Kinds Coll 344-4539 Near 
North Star and Central Park Mall. 

HAPPY HOUR 

V t 

PRICE 
4 oopm lo 9 oopm on most M a s ­ sages No waiting 12 Girls to Serve you p a r is r u b s . 492 3994______ 
H E L P Polire recover your stolen property CB S. Tv S, Tools, etc 
Engraved af your home. SIO. call 
92? ?627 
>"n ;. i 
■ 
H ^ t ' r i R m ^'Al Y h 
S A L O N O ffe rin g A cu p re ssu re , 
/one ology. 
Reflexology, 
Etc. 
656 7496 
M A S S A G E 
G rad u ate P h y sic a l 
Therapist For Appt Call 474-1283 
M A S S A G E V h I ' r 'J O y , treatin g physical and emotional tension M s 
Valenzuela, 734-o41) 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
Sion Hic New Year out right! Get me greatest 197/ m assage for your battered fram e at 1973 Prices !! 
Come see our afft active mechanics of THC BO DY S H O P P E 1 492 2oo1 

Cl 
LEGAL KOTICK 

EDUCATION SERVICE 
CENTER, REGION 2o 
NOTICE OI MUTUC WAXING 

TK* Director 
I Coo ho* Sow*. Coni**, li*v> JO will <ctau<t • p. Sin Sn tam ?ks*ta*y. ternary 4, 1977, *1 
4 OO 9JIL rn Nm (chMw i* Inn. Mnta** 
K m * (ne***, bp*. J* ISSA Ut. Inn* 
41o, tee Aniente Nisi u temiSei IS* wk nnuM et ea epyOceften -tau Nm leer- g.K, kkeel AU Ad. Tim* MI et Un I Awe lien Aweetheeeti el 1971, e* — tea* Sy 
«S* lAwtaee AeunSeueH el 1974 (JO USX. 
14o1-1419). letere*t*4 per****, ear****, eta eMenetitre- left ai* ie.IU* u Se pmeet awl win Se (ie­ ee ne apptaeaMy lo MU* r«n eectaik»m. 
B IL L R . L A F F E R T Y 
Director, Admmistratty# Services 

SPECIAL 

FEEL BETTER FAST 
Sun Ton Room, steam both, mini massage, by beautiful Girls. All tor 
SIO Cull for Appointment, P A R IS 
RUHM Open IO toom lo 3 ooam, ivy JV94 

LODGE NOTICES 

JU*"* 
-NS) 
A R E YOU S i n g l e ? Or Form erly 
M arried’ Between the Ages of 18 grid 88’ M eet your Id e a l //ate 
Through s u b u r b a n s i n g l e 
D a t i n g s e r v i c e For D e te n t 
Con. 664-1271 or Write, IMM M n hen*, 
Way Son Antonio Te#a» 71239 alii 
DeM TdofoTe7 u T * > 
‘ ji *.m gits 
Coli Dottime toll free u>3o) est 1?45 f C T H i L 'r r . 'i v an unwed pres nancy, con Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft Wert!, TK I SOU 792 11o4 

IIM i t l l AIB MIMI 

( 
MW CMD KHIM* D 
® 

Lott Miniature white mot Poodle, vicinity at Sr,-,itn r tores and Mission 
Rd . on e Huff answers to Butty 
Reword 923 87/o 
K v w 

 ding bon* 344 9<. 4 3 diam 
: wed- 

55 16 

) 4 I o J* 
9 tar orlon wit* Gold 
151 *'94 
TTT 

 red collar Fiont of Ste cs and t gov 4Ll 142 )4t; 
Found male lr /colored col!*#, in 
VoLev Hi - i i 1922 m r r r one forge m ole " Ouch 
W o o d l a w n akund. 
Bonder.:, 
484 6227 OH 6 c w r n g i n 
• '"* JOT1,1 bklr eyes. 
Pout A n d e rs*,, o ffic e Su p p ly 
Bro ad w ay 
A n sw e rs to Theta. 
494 4742 or 22* USI RE W ARD 
L B M .T R fYI^ P Io w efT Siam e se kit ten. hot sym ptom s of distemper 
Reword Atter ' pm 1 ti 2195 m r bi I* ■ i A* si Apl 
Miniature 
Whit* ternate poodle. IS lbs . while coiler with red bow. onsw ers to 
Missy R E W A R D ' 826 o/91 
Loaf, mole white C o ir orange tali, with colter, 
Sugar ‘ t2* O.’eS 

 m o r 
M cArthur Pf,* c hud Coli, 224 

 vicinity of Jefferson High School 
R E W A R D 1 Catl 734 ‘,6U5 
" <V.,r3r.. g ;;' tr aver 7 mo old Fem ale *S tbs 
White C i r in AtiOve H in d L e gs 
•Av or Ahi 1595 c -M f 'T h e ,Ion "Husky 6 .o o end 
White W ith t i• UC» M ur k in g s 
No 
C Jiior i, «-« fc rho Area RE WA HL 
Bus tS i 4VB5 Hume 453 91*9 

Siamese Cat Answers To 
Son 
.nswer% to 
Som t 43 7916 
L’g r r i w tr a p e g - ^ 
" ^ r i 7 

 fuse On Commerce Sheet Dei iv , w ill Person W ho P ic k e d ii cis 
P tea se Con 649 iv',' 
N o rth n d e Pet D etective A g en ey 
W* hud lost Pets. 4*4 4413, 794 lit ) 
IXC R E W A R D T o r in fo rm a tio n leading to th# retu rn of a Large all 
«(«< x Dog with m issing lower bor­ ine loath. Lost DOC 24th on Hwy ISI 
5 miles south pf LOOP 41o 6Z6 ITW 

W AN T A O 125 1444 

 iff c a i Nonas 

A U D 1 1oR (UM 
A ir c o n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s , rercjsttons, donees etc ho w s u p to 
45o people G re a te r 5 A B u ild e r 
Assoc «925 N W (FMO. OH 38oo 
A Super D iscou n t Dec only. ( lo sauna tree with 
* pi ice massage 
471* Blanca 732 3361 
A l i f M A S S A G E 5 IL(!fom e f r o m 
Beautiful Girls This mokes us No 
I. at Prices you .ar. afford P A R IS 
R U B I Open IO 3oam lo J ooam 
492 7994 
Steam 
Sun Ton koom. 
Ayudante n r r j u d y j u l i f . k a i c n 
IL Worn to 5 OU pm F o r I-to cm then famous Mode Massage p a r ­ is RUBI) 492 2994 

C A T F I S H D I N N E R S 
#»• em nut* Dec lis t we will be open and serving our delicious F R E S H 
W A T F X CATF I SH [AN N E RS Aion 
Tues 
Wed , F ri , and Sot from 5 a rn lo 9 p rn I Op- n Sun 12 noon til p rn (Closed Thurs I FAX FARK 
AND F i s h f a r o , located on Old 
Pleasanton Rd., J m iles South at F M t ill. 

 e C H R .iT & A S I E f f s ! ? : ------- 
•W ED DIN G INVITATIONS* 
JI tty Press Instant Printing 
A full service print shop near yea 
14o4 McCullough 
*211 San Pedro 
176) SW M ilita ry Or 
*2o9 Fredericksburg Rd 
124 e. unposed* a l Sea Pedro 

 r 

\Sr 

'N 

Attention a ll m em beri Scot­ tish Rile M em bership C om ­ mittee Please p la n lo b rin g your prospect to the m em­ bership dinner a t the Scot­ tish Rite Temple on W e d ­ nesday, Ja n u a ry 5 a t 6 3 o 

Reservations should he coll a d m to the office not later than M onday, Januaty 3. 

Telephone 2 2 2 -o 1 3 3 , 

C 
HOS 6 PROPOSALS D © 

I i,»e*i.ii t u n ite* i < 
_ ta**) l*k**i &>ur«i lei IS* te«.»,*( 
* *i lh* wee* Wewn 
C A tfT tklA C H tM K A ll 
PAM k GOODS A SURFS HS roo t m.. twi lee h i* It. 1977 
CANNtU GOGOS A ST AFU S 
144* et, testacy Aweary ll, 1477 
/ROZIN FRI CO OK IO M IA! 
11# tm, testacy, tensely 11, 1977 
It M I U 11 SH JlOOp rn , testacy leave,* ll. 1977 
K O Z IN VfOfTAIUS 
944 p m testacy Ie*eery ti, 1977 h i teach m n Se aa* 
Jim peke* ta ISIS NI I 
_ _ _ 
...he st IS* Mftaei et tv*vke*ie*. H IJ J D . 1SU3 I,w e.., Se. 
JMMM, MMS. 

I t o i i tT b id p ro V o s d U WIlF b* recFived by the Board of Trusiees of th* N o rth t o s t In d e p e n d e n t 
School D is tric t for the fa llo w in g items ar th# times shown 
S T E R E O SOUND 
IM ORC* M EN T M IX E R S 
I M u m 
Wednesaoy ja n u a ry 12, 1977 

Bid to- ms may bg picked up prior to bid opening in the office o* the D> rector o# Purchasing N E 1.5 D , tOJ.il 
Broadway, 
Son 
Antonio, 
Texas 

Y o u ’Ll be am azed at the thin gs y o u ca n sell w ith a W ant A d ! 
Coll 225-1666 

CITY Of SAN ANTONIO 
NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING 

Tho (tty Council of th* City of Son An­ 

 tonio will conduct o public hearing 

Twotdoy, January 4, 1977, at /TW P.M. 

 in the Mmon Room of tho Cuny«nhon 

Center to conud*r tho Third Year Com­ 

 munity 
Development Block 
Grant 
Budget. 

Interested citizens ar* invited to bo 

 pretont and wilt be given en op­ 

 portunity to tptok 

G . V . J A C K S O N , J r. 

C it y C la r k 

OPEN HOUSES 
TODAY 2-5 

215 BAMBURG 

 located behind Central Park Mall, lovely 3 bedrooms, with huge family room, office, many extras. 
Approx. 18oo sq ft. living area, 
(all June, REALTOR 349-1121 rates 341-7523. 

4o7 GREEN MEADOW 

See this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, 
Hying, dining, family rooms plus game room. Carpet thru-out Has 
Kidney shaped pool. Bt ready for 
HOT 
DAYS'! 
Under 
$4o,ooo 
REALTOR 349-1121 rates 433- 
192o. 

4335 WAIKIKI 

Immediate possession Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, living, dining rooms, large kitchen. Central heat-air. Nice carpets, single at­ tached garage. Mony txtras. (all 
Ben, REALTOR 349-1121 rates 
341 7523. 

11o NORFOLK 
Between 
Babcock and 
Fredericksburg Rd. (harming 2 bedroom home in excellent residential area Central heat-air, wad to waU carpeting, drapes and built-ins. 
Less 
Ihon 
522,ooo 
REALTOR 349-1121 Dites 341 
7514 
B IA R D 

I 

Homos 

2 1 o 

E. COMMENCE STJI? 

Hom es 
Southw est 

2 1 6 

Homo* 
Southeast 

2 1 4 

C KAI ESTATE NoTKIS ) (2oj) 
( REAL ESTATE NOTICES )(2 o l) 

 mmm 
IN NORTHERN HILL. Re sure to se t this 3 bedroom, 3 bath homo with its unusual floor plan Lots of charm and very desirable features 557,3oo 
12614 HUNTERS CHASE 
IN ELM (REEK, Rwdy for im- m«diote occupancy is this lux­ urious custom built home with 
4V, hntps and master bedroom kith hrs and hors baths, suite will 

 study and library Many extras 

' N S 'T lt# o# P U 6 L ie H tA R I N d - an a l l o c a t i o n o f f e d e r a l 
R E V EN U IN G SH AR IN G FU N D S 
The G o v e rn o r of T exas a n a th# 
Legislative Bude#) Board writ hold a public hoaring beginning at 11:o4 
AM on Jon ii, in room 3o! of th# 
Stat# Capitol Building For Rio pur­ pose of receiving arui and w ritten com m ents on tho possible uses of the funds to be received by rh* State 
Governm ent et Texas during fiscal years ending in 1977,1978, 1979 tram toe Federal Governm ent under the a u th o rity at the State and L o ca l fiscal assistance am m edm en ft of 
197k 
(F U S . 
L 94-*81,9o 
STAT 73*7 *») 

2o) 
HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 

 a t T it * 'f i (Sn ■ k b v • t^ S U P S T !) 
H O M B S are all over town, d o w n paym e n ts 
$2o and up. 
C a ll 
G R E A T E R 
V A L U E 
R E A L T Y . 
*51 *143 
Before You Buy' o* 'sell, tail us We ot*c-r the best services and puces in town Bell H E 111 9495 

BEFORE you SEIL 
S make a CASH otter for your 
1 or equity Cull DOW! 
Heme 
M ar! 
*55 12o) 

C A S H for H O M E S 
Buy H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S rst Flit. lent orin Fast Se*vice 
My an Closing Casts Coll Tony em u e .ii! 61J4 
SP E C IA R E A LT O R S 

S CASHS 
FOR YO U R HOME OR E Q U IT Y 
WR F A Y A l l CLO SING COSTS 
924 4111 
H U G H ES A BRISCO E 
Cosh for your Nurthside equity call ta rry B u ,nautv 341 4455, 684 29o9 

 iM M ? 6 T A Y i" C A iH 
* 
For Ytnjr Home We pay alt Closing costs' We o lio toke trades Cot! 
494-5571 
435-8474 
$32 H S I 
Century 21 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S tssiisussfms 

• I T O IO HOUSES# 
San Anton ta Peal Estate pays cosh tor yours in 72 hours I pay ail clos mu cost, lev 661! i m m m t s m s u 
M I R K Y CH R ISTM AS AN O 
A P R O S P ER O U S NEW Y E A R 
FR O M A L L OF US TO A L L OF 
YOU 
H TATT R E A L ES TAI ti 
1122 C O M M E R C IA L 924-8114 

KO DOWN PAYMENT 
T v an yo n e. V ets don » use Their e lig ib ility , 3 4 bedroom s, 2 oaths, som e w rth a ir a n a o p p lia n c g i. 
Paym ents less than rent 
244 3o91 BO B O ePAQ LO R E A LT O R 
P R O P E R T Y O W N ER S 
We will sen your home for am y *38o. 
Why pay m o re l 712-2*11 C h a rle s welts Roar Estate. 

HULS 

 study ana 
5129,ooo. 
VILLAGE IN OAP 
43o3 MUH" 
Beauhlul 3 bedroom, 2 bath garden home, ftrapiace, wet bor, parquet Hoots and large family room dub facilities attn two pools, bt Exclusive 3-2 home development, 573.5oo 
43o7 MUIRHEID 
Attractive all buck garden home 
In exclusive 3 2 home develop merit on 15th tanwoy of Oak 
Hills Country Club. Separate Kvmg and drama loam, lotue family roam with fireplace 578 5oo 
4313 MUIRHEID 
Bught and cheerful 2 bedroom, 
T h bath home with study and in exclusivi 
3 2 development 
Minimum matntenance, 2 com muraly pools. Ideal floor pion for entertuimng 519,ooo 

^ 
3 4 4 4,9o47 H , 2?*§241 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
OPEN 2-5 
4o1o GLENROCK laurel Hilts. N R Loop 41o and 
Wurzbach, I black west to Blue moi lovely French with evert modern convenience Couttywd entry, brick 
3 7 J. Qual fwepicie divides kvmg and dining rooms family roam with expansive use of gloss Soft Me th , beamed ceding Sunshine morning room flowered grounds Near U5AA, 
LUSA, Medical Complex 
*** * 
PRICE REDUCED 
58o2 CARY GRANT 
Oak Hilts terrace, kfurzboch ta 
Markins ta (ary Grant On a Mitiest with a panoramic VIEW Very mint rag rambler, 3-2 2, den (26X15) It, high beamed ceding Separate din rag roam, electric mruout Minutes lo UTU, Medical 
Lock brad, Kelly Den 
826-2347 

Complex, Ii SAA, l l mess this! 
REALTORS 

Executive Homes 
STEVEN WOOD $189,ooo. 

Over 4,ooo sq. ft. of space, designed to bring you the ultimate 
In gracious living! Professionally landscaped grounds.. . a heat­ ed pool, complete with Jacuzzi spa ... and, this wonderful 
Mediterranean home with fireplaces in the formal living room and the master suite ... 5 bedrooms, 5 luxury baths! Rough 

 cedar paneled family room. 
696-4811 
ALAMO HEIGHTS $1o8,ooo. 

Imagine!... approx. one acre in a prime, prestige location .. . and a lovely, livable home with a huge, rambling patio under many trees! Gracious entertaining is easy with a fireploced liv­ ing room, formal dining room and a family room, paneled in 
Phillipine mahogany, 5 bedrooms, 4 baths. 
824-9631 
WINDWooD ESTATES $89,9oo. 

Oaks end privacy galore on almost 2 acres ... room for you horses! Beamed cathedral ceilings and fireplaces in the family room and master suite.. . 3 huge bedrooms. Tile-floored game room ... lovely paneling, a brick wet bar .. . and, your own 

 deep well! 
696-4811 
CASTLE HILLS ESTATES $11o,ooo. 

Bay windows^,1rd white columns on the veranda give this home a warm, Colonial look! Rich paneling carries out the theme! 
Living, dining and family rooms.. . with a fireplace in the lat­ ter. S bedrooms, 3'/2 baths. Lovely patio in a privacy fenced yard. 
344-3o41 
SHAVANO PARK $98,8oo. 

A builder's own home.. . with Earth colors, pecan paneling ond a unique, semi-circle kitchen! Sunken living room with raised dining area . . . family room with fireplace. 4 bedrooms . . . 2 ore suites. A free-form patio under mony, many oaks! 
696-4811 

GW CMjmam Ct. 

REALTORS 

 iM W W W W W W W R R R R R R R R R R R R M M 
R A IW W W W M g 
/You have a x r r i g h t 
I to be choosy* 

OPEN DAILY FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 

• 7 o Floor p la n s to ch o o se from 

• Low m onthly paym en ts 

• H ig h q u a lity hom es in Y O U R p rice ra n ge 

• Y O U R ch o ice o f se ve ra l ★chool d istricts 

• Energy co n d ition e d to save Y O U R m oney 

CAMELOT (Northeast)................................ 655-4123 

HERITAGE FARM (Northwest) 
673-4143 

TANGLEWOOD/BABCOCK(Northwest)696-817o 

VALLEY-HI (Southwest) 
......................... 674-3575 

WILDWOOD (Northwest) 
............ 681-3o2o 

Ray Ellison 

I l 
A i t i a c 
- 'jJ 

5 ta Vita U n : IMW RAAK RSW RSW. WR 

O R E N H O U 6 C 
5 

" 
N O O N T O D U S K 
J 
(ame tat our unbelt*vote* prat* 
R at n*w hernet 
'/ 

5633 CREEKWooD in W e o d it e n * 

141o3 SWALLOW 

 bt El Chaparral 

 tints rang* tram $29,9oo end up. I bf** Ute faut bedroom*, elf 

TO GIVE YOU BETTER SERVICE 
WE ARE 
MOVING! 

Our North Central Regional Office ii moving in Hie neter future tot 

12o15 SAN PEDRO 
(Aha fronting North loop lead ) 

Celt us for assistance a e l* A 
, ftA1 
GuyCJnpmenQj. 
344-3o4 I 
R I A ! T O R S 

OPEN HOUSES 

O P E N I S 
2319 M I D G E 

O W N ER D E S P E R A T E * M u tt sell his m aiesfic 2 atory hom e on col- de sat rat. 3 ktne ailed Bedroom s, 
2' » oaths, fo rm a l o re a tor enter tatoina. ^ replated den no* wet oar, huqeeam# room, approx, 25oo aa ft 
Only *54,9oo. 

IIiR (S 4 ? ^11 

ONN HOUSES 

A L L B R IC K I bedroom I* > bolk 
HOME B U ILT ON YOUR LOT 
114.958 1*11 G ardm a oft W eal Ay#, 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Int » * 149) 

 c a s t l e h i l l s A t r i u m H o n i 
Stone fireplace, fenced wooded tot, i 2 2, SSI,SOO 14 P M Sunday 11$ 
Antler. 349 7125 
O P E N I S 
. 
41o CO RO N A 
In Alam o Height* 3 bedroom, 2 bath tiom? f ir e Did ce m living room Of ftre d at 134, SGO. 826 6388 

REAVIS REALTY CIL 

OWN HOUSH 
OWN HOUSH 
D @ 
) 

MOCKINGBIRDS 
POND 
TOWNHOMES 

★BUILDERS DISCOUNT# 

1o% ON AU REMAINING MOUSES 

7711 CALLAGHAN RD. 
(OFF IH-1o) 

SPACIOUS LUXURY CONDOMINIUMS 

2 STORY A HAT 

POOL, TENNIS AND U K E 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN 

DAILY 11-6 

A 
3 4 2 - 3 7 1 1 

I r 
3 4 1 - 8 3 1 1 

Courtesy to all Brokers - 
4 % Commission 

) 

.E W B R IC K 3-2 VT- 2 IN NE W 
BRAUNFELS. 2ooo sa ft., fireplace. 
S5oo down, 1365 monthlv plus Insor once and taxes. 1-62S-o5o2. 

I 

* STOP ★ LOOK * COMPARE ★ 
★ ALL BRICK HOME ir 

* 
1 
6 
, 9 
5 
o 
& 
£ 
» 
3 Bedroom— I Vt Baths 
Vim also build larger houses. 

Model Home— to t t Gardino 
(O ff 2o o o Block W est A ve.) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 
We Also Oo Remodeling A Fireplaces 
349-1491 
341-oo16 
5917 Son Pedro 
Specia Builders, Inc. 

Looking for a new home? 

 t o d a y s y o u r LU C K Y D A Y ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
$39,95o to $55,OOO 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 
$29,95o to $4o,ooo 
Jones-Maltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-1123 
$37,9oo to $5o,ooo 
FM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, FHA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double 
Garages • North East or Northside Schools 

C D 
Coates Development Co. 

C o u rte s y to B ro k e rs 

T IM B E R R ID G E 
R e a lto rs W e lc o m e 
Visit 

 the community on the go in Northwest Son Antonio. 

Homos from $32,ooo by: 

Hidden Value Homos 
684-1577 

Trans Texas Properties 684-o393 

Quest Homes Inc. 
684-86oo 

3 minutes north of loop 41o, Cuiebro Road exit 

• All brick home* 
• Carpet 
• Fireplaces 
• 2-car garages 
• Tennis A swim club 
• 3 A 4 bedrooms 
• Many extras e Open house daily 
1o a.m. ’til dark. 

OPEN HOUSES 

OPEN I TO 5 
2427 SPARROW DR. 
LACKLAND TERRACE 
3-1 converted garage 12oo sq. ft 
Cosy Assumption $lt,9?S. Coml by today and preview lith (harm­ ing heme! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! 
675-285o 

(fp E A m 
O W 
E H S 
RfAlTORS-MS 

 c 

PROPERTY OUT Of 
TOWN 

PROFESSIONAL O FFICE BUILD- 
IN© Suburbs of Kansas City 
In­ dependence, Mo. $75,ooo. Will trode as down p ay m e n t on v ac an t property or going business. Mall all 
Inquiries to 4o9 E. Crockett, Luling. 
Texas 78648. 
2 story brick, basement 4 8Rs. 34oo sa ft., I ’'2 lots. 7 pecan frees $5o,ooo. 
C.Parsley, 11O St. Joseph, Gonzales, 
Tx 672 3595 

CONDOMINIUMS 
TOWNHOUSES 

LOW EQUITY 

NORTHWEST 
SS,SOO moves you in. 2-216-2 off 
Value lock son. 
WOODBRIDGE 
BEAUTY 

NORTHEAST 
3 bedroom, 3'6 bath plus 24x17 living room with fireplace. 

Hites 655-9536 
CENTURY 21 

HAP RESER 653-6182 
1o6o8 Perrin Befret 

ASSUMPTION . 
Low Acquisition on new home. 2 2 with studv-den, fireplace, pool, tennis 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 
Marymont Area. Dram atic Town house 3-2’ >, master suite down. 3 cor g arag e 
169,ooo. 826 2439, 
Jones-King Realtors. 
_ 
M ARYMONT AREA 
Dramatic 7 story 3-2'2 townhouse with master suite down. 2 Story living room with fireplace, plush carpet, drapes. Wet bar, atrium , 
3-tar garage. 826-2439, REALTORS 
JoNE8+K1N6_ _ _ _ 
OWNER S E Z 'S E LL* 
Beautiful 3 bedroom 2 bath. S1ooo eauity, payments S222. MOVE IN 
TO N ITE ! 675 1691, 673-o352 674 48o9 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
PRICE REDUCED 
• DECORATOR’S PRIDE • 
M ARY MONT 
Owner must leave this charming 2 story, c o u rtyard e n try , one be droom, bath down, 2 bedrooms, dual bath up Living, dining, breakfast rooms Complete kitchen. Bricked patio, clubhouse and pool. Many extros. $63,5o8. Realtors. 826 2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

SM PEDRO RIUS 
2 bedrooms, 7 both townhome with fireplace, huge patio, double fin 
(shed garage, storage and drapes. 
Excellent financing 
Call 349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS 

TRI-LEVEL 
TOWNHOUSE 
For the young at heart 2 bedrooms. 2' 2 baths, fire­ place, mirrors, and carpet Covered balcony Call today to see this lux­ ury home 
653-43So 

M i M N R P 
W A L Z E M W IN D S O R P A R K 
Bachelor s ?-story townhouse wihh balcony, 32'>-2, interest S218 mo. Low equity Coll Annette 

VAN BUREN ft ASSOC 
684-7171 
344-1o89 
699 oo66 
WOODBRIDGE TOWNHOVES 
In-Town Location. Super Amenities 
31o2 Eisenhouer_______ 
826 63o1 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 

' rn W HISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE r 
« HUNTER’S C R E IX 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

By me T*7« Butter et me TMV 
* Eteym t tttt twxyeue 

• in North Keel ar Nertnette 
‘ Erietrlet 

• H u m n o OOO to IIM N O 
PmIjO CBbwyLmw inr4 tpfwNp Mwwmhi Gy select eHe. tomtom BUU. ofceeee to- tenor ttteer 

482-1o68 * 
♦ 4»Z-2!*72 

M 
O 
N 
T 
E V 
I S 
T A 

1 
2 
3 
W 
. 
L 
U 
L 
L 
W 
O 
O 
D 

T W O 
B IO N O O M , 
O N I 
R A T H , * D I N , 
AL L 
C A R P E T I N G , 
D I T A C H E D 
SERV 
A N T ’ S 
Q U A R T E R S , 
E X C f L U N * 
C<~N. 

O IT IQ JJ. 

$ 
5 
5 
, o 
o 
o 
. o 
o 

8 
2 
2 
- 
5 
7 
3 
2 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO S 
GREENBRIAR 
3111 WOODCLIFFE 

This 3 bedroom heme n positively immaculate A huge bock yard. fix ­ ed in low 2o s. 
SUN VALLEY 
67o7 EVENING SUN 

S4.321 fgutty lei itm 3 bedroom, 2 both double aor oar home. Con yemen! to UTSI end Medical Center 
Mint condition In 3o 5. 
THOUSAND OAKS 
1671$ LEDGE FALLS 

4 bedroom. J A bottu, in this con tempo)ary beauty! Sloped ceilings throughout Huge family room with fireplace and • loft A mutt see in the AO v 
3 4 9 - 5 1 1 1 
7 VE AMIE (MMS 
G o 
BAI TOM-RMS 
N . C e n tra l O ffic e 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 
CHOICE DUPLEXES 
TO W N H O U S E D U P L E X in key area for chopping bu* and schools 
$4o,9oo 
M O N E Y M A K E R — 4 P ie . near 
Ft Som Fully occupied and excel lent rental record Assume 6>'z% 
Interest note or refinance 
$29,ooo. 
824-o121 ANYTIM E. 

D U P L E X -D E L L V I E W 
Rent or live in, 127o mo. income, tenant pays util. Owner carry. Call 
Bob 
VAN BUREN ft ASSOC 
644 7171 
344 9693 
433 
433 1247 

DUPLEX 
Great investment for the price 2 large bedrooms, each side Will rent for over $2oo Convenient location. 
515.5oo 347 7o9o. 878 5671 
S tra u d e r N elso n, R e a l E s ta te 

HOME PLUS INCOME 
D U P L E X : Uoxtolrs dow nstairs, 
2 bedrooms each unit, also, I both, kitchen. IIving-dm ing areas, de tached garage. Appraised S22.SOO. 
SJ. DAVIS. REALTOR 
227 9583 

IDEAL LOCATION 
For busy people On Donaldson 
Perfect corner 
Jeff Village lust 2 blacks Thi-. 2 story stone duple* nos 2 bedrooms each I ive in one apartm ent and let the other pox your notes, immediate possession 
344-6348 
G r a c e A r n o ld 
REALTORS MLS________ 

HBKMCSKlRKlltfS 
oPIH SATURDAY 2 TO S J 
2o1 LYMAN 
I 
(Terrell Hills) 
* vet ready (et a fantasm New y 
K tear s «.tti your own J bedroom 5 
I heme located on ■ cornet tot W 
Beautiful ueoi with letfwaod sun rn 
S deck W 5oo ft 
I ...828-6391, Anytime 
J 

 t 'f M M K Cwns\ 
|j4 p p ^ RIAITOB 
M U X 

- I JU . I 
OBIN SUNDAY 2 5 
! 
BENT OAK 1oWNHOUSIS 
113o3 Verne ttcksen Bort 6-8 

ONE 
STORY 
TOWNHOME with single hying, fire 
{ 
Hut, garden kitchen 
2 edrooms, 2 baths, double garage 
IMMACULATE! 
$4o,4oo. 
6114 FORIS? VIIW 
FOREST OAKS 
19oo sq. ft. in thn 3 2 ranch on treed tot. luting room, gome room. 
141,3oo. 
69o-o3oo 

R E A Y 

CUSTOM BURT NEW HOMES 
BY MILTON GIORGI 

OHM IO TR DAM 

MUCH) n o m VAA,ooo-372,SOO war 

(OS Irsrkresi Hetty weed Park 
134o3 Cassie Wey-Messo* Hilts 

COMBASS REALTORS 
494-16o1 
494-1281 

3423 ROPE CREST 
MIDDEN CREEK 
OPEN J -J : JO bpoctous 3 2 2 Only I yr old ham* 
Form al livin g dining, pigs tire . placed 21X16 den Owner Irons ter red quick possession passible 
$52,5oo. 824 o214. Realtors 

S I M I URCH 

SPANISH COURTYARD adorns the fro n t bt this hea rty 
Spanish style 3 2 2 in exclusive 
Woods of Shqnvono Oak studded back yard with privacy cedot tenet 
F ro n t yard com pletely sodded. 
Moat family room with tor ye tire glace ana ceder beams bey P M en Sun 

4643 U M M B itts 
ECM COMPANY 
C u sto m H e m # S w if t o n 
*91 2443 

INVESTORS CHOICE: Duplexes close in. business zone, full expo­ sure to traffic lanes 824 45o7. 
BEQUE REALTY CB 

FINEST LOCATION 
ASSO sq. ft. of BKwafttnMe con rtrocNea et a fraction af replace­ ment cad. 24 VV master bedroom roo (4 other 
-4- 2 mam quartan), SC’ Mug nm with de­ ported marble fireplace, 72' dining ream with unique cement tile flaming, 4o5 family ream with erat bat- Mt-in kitchen, Nbrery and great greanhaasa. Al of this end much mare an 2 lanpe late 
OLMOS PAM AREA lovely 2 story famify home .nth a guest bedroom, and bath down, high ceilings, gleaming ' floors, hvmg room wrth th fireplace, huge family rte dining room, h library, delightful patio 

OVA 7 ACRES—-WU TOP 
Sensational view si city. 
Sophisticated. Contemporary with 
S bedrooms, plus quarters. Master suite with library, 3 fireplaces, 2 basements IOO’ DeHorm t ie dick and olympic sized swimming pool. 

TMI-AH SCHOOLS 
Mighty trees surround this delightful I stury. large living-dini­ ng urea (high beamed ceilings wide plant flooring) 3 bedroom, 2 baths plus 2 cot garage and queriers. 

TFPiEH HIUS-AH 
SCHOOLS 
Delightful one story on o corner, living room with firepkxe, separate dining room, family room 
(Redondo tile floor), 4 bedrooms, plus guest house. Gorgeous new kitchen. 824-3233, 822-5973, 826- 
7314,822-91o3,826-oo49. 

TERRIFIC BARGAINS! 
13434 PATMORE 
4-2-1, central heot and air, carpeting Appraised $22,85o 
4911 TEASDALE 
3-2-1, central heat and ait. Ap­ pliances. 
Priced under area, 
$21,5oo. 
4815 CASA MANANA 
3-1-1, appliances, low equity. 
Assume payments $168 or rent 
$71o 
219 ENCHANTED 
3-7-2, Harmony Hills. Almost 
17oo sq. ft. Reduced $1 JKX) below appraisal 
4818 WORDSWORTH 
3 I '4-den, central heat and air. 
Reduced $2,ooo 
MCGINNIS 
R e a l t o r s 
349-6211 

NEAR FT. SAM 
4 unit* in very condition stove cmd refrigerator included Good rentu property. $26,ooo Nlie* 826-3o46 
*28 8741 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

COUNTRY CLUB 
LIVING!!! 
At Its Finest 
NEW BRICK HOME 
Driveway to detached garage in back. 

Coly up to a handcraf­ ted elegant brick 
FIREPLACE 
Wat Bar in Family room for gracious entertaining. 
Walk to 
Golf, Tennis, 
Swimming, 
At unbe­ lievable Low Price 
$6o,95o a Please Call Anytime 
659-1261 or 625-9175 

TERRELL H ILLS 
IMMACULATl and VACANT All brick 2-2-2. Formal riving, dining, country size kit­ chen. Fully carpeted, with pine paneled den, TW O 
FIREPLACES. In the 4o *. 
V A L E N C IA 
Charming 3-2-2, OM UVING 
AMA. garden kitchen with breakfast area 
Freshly painted and fully draped. 
$ 3 2 ,9 5 o 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 
I O R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
I R IALfCJRS m : 

FOUR BEDROOMS 
Deilhous*, 4 bedroom 2 both on a comm lot. Nk* <ov*r»d patio 13x12. 
Open terms. $24,25o Call 828 S7o4 
READY NOW 
This home (ust wotting for a new owner 3 bedroom. 2 both, range, lefrtgeratot with «#-maker and dishwasher $24,6oo Call 828 57o4 for COMPLETE DETAILS 
CALL 828-S7o4 

 r n 
A H A 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

 f HOMES— NORTHEAST- ) (5 T o ) araam..... 

¥ r y @ 

EALTORS 
I 

A HOME of YOUR OWN! ...Home and Guest Cottage in Olm a* Park 
AU seasons home tor the discrimin­ ating ttuver who appreciates duality and tranaullity, privacy for you and seclusion for youi guests Mug nitic.er polished beams in ceilings. heavy oak doors, italian tile floors are only a few of the details too numerous to mention in this home 
Call us Today tor more D e ta il* 
$85,ooo 494 7651 AN YTIM E 

M 
X I M 
ALAMO HE IG H T S J bedroom bath. separate living and dining room * Firep lace Much charm 
5.14,5® 826 6388, 656 ,OIS 
REAVIS KAUT CD. 

Need An Excellent Investment' 
2 story 4 unit opt Each nos living room bath 
E auipp ed kitchen 
$36,5oo 826 2429, REALTORS 
JONES •K ING 
2 STORY 2 UNITS 
2 bedrooms. each unit OM Fredericksburg Rd 
Assume or make otter 
496-742# WAYNE SLATER 349 9278 

I our et Height* lur rushed. $88o 
• 6 UNIT APT • ghts 5 I bdrm, I 2 bdrm, mo Priced $38,5oo a a e e a 
• 
ESTATE SALE 
• HOME ANG INCOME • 
Hug# 7 story duolex, 2 bedrooms each apt Living, dining breakfast rooms Cleon condition Oft Brood way $74,5oo Realtors. 826-2147 
Thelma B. Preissman 
W E IT M AG NO LIA 4 Units, turnl lure, appliances $27,SOO. Term s 
Ownyr agent 876 o6o2 
WOODLAWN AVE 
Good income $22o mo Fireplace, tenants pay u til, I blk tram lH-1o and min to downtown SAC Cai! Bab 

VA N BOREN ft ASSOC 
684 7171 
144-9693 
4T2fl47 zn ir o n mumms! 
RE A LTOK wm r jm s m k , v 

Only 
POV meld in More losing to anyone First th 

3 2 i.^uupirpnc#*, nothing down 

 eat in 
6 H j|3 *J > A V » .l SLAVER 4f t 4.26 
A BUYER'S OME AM 
WOW I 3 bedroom, t9j both, large lot, close to schools $26,5oo 824-6171 
R E D .C A R P E I 
AVAILABLE NOW! 4 2 1, tow 26 I 
Mony EstrCist 653-28o3. 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
J bedrooms, t'5 baths, (MSfivwood style! home with lovely hardwood 
Moors, converttbie 3rd bedroom could bee den, excellent convenient 
Otolior*. 
$3o,9oo 
NlttlS, 
342 5554 
142 4177 
BILL SOU TH BRN BBALTOR 

WINDCREST 

Start your new yew aff ie this elegant 3,ooo sq. ft. Executive home 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, 3 cw garage. Mony fine features Must see to appreciate, kites 826-7668. 
WllSHIR! TERRACE 
Near Ft. Som. Trees, tocotwra, city busline. Excellent equity buy. See this home at $23,95o. Mitts 826- 
7668 
UNDER $3o,ooo 
Super buy! 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, separate living dining and famity room, spilt bedroom arrangement, mony extras. Coll now! Mites 826 
7668. 
VALENCIA 
Excellent locution 
Choice of 2 lovely homes 3-2-2 extra clean and newly pointed like new! Coll for details. Hiles 822-9438. 
OLYMPIA JEWEL! 
Extraordinary custom features in this contemnorory desiqned 
3 bedroom, 2 Decorator both home with stone fireplace, custom drapes, refrigerator, separate dra­ ma oceo, flexible terms. 
IM- 
MMEOIATE 
1428. 
MOVE IM, Mitts 658- 

695-6848 
DAY OR NIGHT 
D A T V K m u m 

B IS S S L 

 cHOMES— NORTHEAST 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jan 2 1977 

IHRIE IN OLMOS PARK 
IMPORT ANI HOM! 

Ir**4 Kl*. *-3'.Vt, (KUKMW. I firayleat. (retral twat, air. AK liSxih 

PRESTIGE AREA 

I fcwtraom. J'-. Min, 4wtlui2o) to, linn* aa* 4Maf rewax. Carmel keel 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
Traer tSwh (Sis m r rack, 4 k*4f**w, 
3 betta, Im a* ae* Wale* rewax 17 ll. 

*Hrty*AIVkl2eJl7 

826-2347 
REALTORS 

LOW TWKNTIKS I 

NO aosrn© COST to Veterans 3 bedroom, 2 both, within walking distance of northern f School* All offers considered $22,2oo 

OWNES ANXIOUS 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, with huge living and family room* Electric range, refrigerator and brick borbegue 523,ooo 

•OOM fat Hie kids to rani tots of open space surrounds this 
3 bedroom, 2 both home with family room. Cost Terrell Hdis 
Open terms. 
$22,5oo 
Evenings call 
Eleonora 653-6382. 
CENTURY 21 
DELANCY RIALTY 
653-o55o 

NEAR WINDSOR MAU 
4 bedroom, I A both home in Pork 
Village Reody loc occupancy. Heat and ok. Fenced. Make on otter 
$22,5oo Nights 653 2798 
UST TERRELL HULS 
Neat as a pin 3 bedroom I V? bath home living, drama and family rooms lurgtm bats oil around fen ted Only $23,95o Mig! t . 653 2798 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 
341-9191 
691-1121 

DARGAN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
No down payment to anyone, $2o closing cost, 3 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, some with air and oil ap p lia n t*1) 
Payments less than rent 
344-3o9! BOB DePAOLOREALTOR 

ALAMO H6TS. SCHOOLS 
Older 3 bedroom home with large room* and detached double garage with updated k lichen 
124-3191 (Anytime! 

 flMttUMMHLSa 

4 BEDROOM, 2 'r BATH 
Vacant New paint Priced to sell 
Located in Camelot I. Nile* 651 $7o7 
C e n tu ry 21 
HAP RESER 651-4182 Anytime 
BEGINNER'S LUCK 
Your first home can be this beau trfgl 4 bedroom, 2 balli home with formal living room First class con­ dition. M ust see to a p p re ciate. 
Northeast Schools. Only 
$77,95o. 
824 o17) 

R 
E 
P 
C 
A 
R 
P 
E 
T 

IU O W S 1 S . 5 o o 
Nice I bedroom home near Windsor 
Park Easy terms Bob Thompson. 
341 7693, 128 o755, INTERSTATE 

BEST BOY 
IN SAN PEDRO HILLS 
Must sell this lovely 4 bedroom, 2' i bath home with one large living area, fireplace, separate form al dining room beautiful carpeting and drapes Oak trees and lands­ caped rear yard 341-72o1, n ile * 
494-IMS Ask tor JERRY BEARD 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

BITTER THAN NEW 
E x cep tio n al clean 3 bedroom, J bath with living roam, family room, carpeting thruout, workbench ana 
Strik in garage Privacy fence and priced OI only $39,ooo Niles 65o- !9*4 
C e n tu ry 21 
MONE Y I AV ERS REALTY 
_______ 656-2416 A N YTIM E_______ 

BRAND NEW LEITING 
Convenient to -flu a f bedroom, 2 both home with a built in attice 2 living areas, screened patio 
W HERE CAN YOU F IN D a 3 be droom, 2 both home under t i s.OOO In perfect condition? In Schertz. Lot us show you! 
494-1448. AN YTIM E 
GALE REAL ESTATE 

APPROX ONE ACRE; in ALAMO HEIGHTS? Yes ond a wedder tut. comfortable home with 5 bedroom*, 4 baths and spacious for moi rooms (with a ftremace in the living room! I,, a family room, aneled In PhilMpin# mahogany! rem endous potto under lovely es* Extros galore! 
188,96o. 
REALTORS 
824-9631 
Guy Clyman Co, 

APPROX , lid o sa H ! 4 bedroom home hot living, dining and family rooms 
F IR E P L A C E ! G reat kit chen groat sloe agt! 
843 9o6, 
REALTORS 
4SS 7oo7 

 baths, carpet, built-in*, 2-cor gat age $3,ooo toady, 1383 mo Call 
INTERSTATE 828-UTfS Bt g pm 
A SPANISH' slvie I bedroom. 2 oath carpet, ta ro t livin g a re a $19oo down. $26o mo in i' 
INTERSTATE >26-8733 t i l l em 

ASSUME OI REFINANCE 
SpociouV F e to r y tow n hom e in 
Cam elot o reo 
3 bedroom s, J'-y baths, and all e lectric kitchen 
Northeast schools For viowing ond details, coil 653 o57o Anytime 

E H I r n tv, Brackenridge Park $11,5oo 726 f ^ H ptsathe $4db gown $125 mo 

B r OWNER Beautiful J 7-2, many extros. convnlent lo Randolph Ft 
Sam 
Good eauity and assume. 
656 2498 
BY O W N E R , 3 2 I. K irb y a re a . spotty, assume ss 1-1334 

“ ALAMO HEIGHTS** 
Two story up dated Country 
Colonial - 4-2 Vi. Large yarn 
+ quarters. 

“ FOIL THE SOPHISTICATED" 
In TerreN Hills • 4-3 Alamo 
Heights Schools. 

“ QUALITY LIVING" in this 4-2 Aloma Heights 
Spanish stucco-Priced in 6o's. 

ALAMO HEIGHTS" 
4 Unit Furnished Apartment 
• In residential area. Priced low 4o's. 

. 
“ TERRELL HULS" 
Alamo Heights Schools. 3-2 • 
Great spoce • Priced 4o's. 
Cal) us For Details 
822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

OLE 

A little bit of Mexico In San Antonio. 
Beautifully design courtyard with block wrought iron gate. Off white brick exterior, large den with beamed ceiling, separate drama room. Extra large Master suite (oH to get the lest of details today. 
Mites cad Evelyn (afernan at 656 
6332. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

* * H M A 

691-1111,656-552o,341-9161 

TERRELL HILLS 

GENESEO IO. - Handsome brick nestled In pretossienoRy landscap­ ed grounds, guest house, heated pool 3-3 pigs quartan, equipped kitchen and separate dining. 

EUZAM7H RD. - Completely renovated ? years aga. 4-4V6 phis quarter* Separate mortar suite and His and Hers dressing room* 

JONES-KING O S fc O 
826-2439 

FIRST TIM! ON MARKET 
TRUE DISTINCTION of Traditional charm and grace in this 2 story in a treed setting 
Master suite (his and her both) ana study and 3 bedrooms, 2 baths Spa­ cious living and drama rooms. Spec­ tacular tamely ream plus qameroom 
Complete gourmet kitchen 
Floe paneling, exquisite decor Sprinkler, buiqku and fire atoms system* 
Don t miss this! 
836-2347 
REALTORS 
I S f k i ' t k m 

 l » o « n —.o .m » s i ) g T q ) C H o w i - a o t T N i .s Q ^ 

MESH 3 -t IN TW tfU 
NRU. 

Spacious hvrag Jfaing area, attractive 

 study with Saltillo floor* 826-3738, 

732 HNI 

GREAT n m Wen maintained hem* - 

3 bedrooms - central heat 826-S6oo, 

824 S279 

ATTRACTIVE 
NOME en beautiful 

 oversized Terrell Hifis lot. 3, 2 pool 8 qtrs 826 3349, 733-8946 

NESTLED Mi TNE TITO this in foresting older home 2 or 3 bedrooms 

 large living room with FP. 826-5893, 

826 56oo. 

MONTI VISTA - 2 Stocy brick 
S 

 bedrooms, entry flanked by large Kv 

 ing t dining roam* Oh* 824-5279, 

826 3349 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 
ANYTIME 
826-8673 

 lite imSsB Pedro Hills 
Beautifully decorated 3 bedroom, 2 both home Custom drapes, many extra built-inv Priced well for this a re a - C h u rc h ill H igh School. 
$57,9oo nttes, 494 71o3 
494-7711 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 
KTV SROUP 

OVER 2456 sa. ft til this J bedroom. 
3 '; both home in the N o rtheast ' 
School District! Living, during AND f family rooms. 
848,ooo 
REALTORS 
824-9611 
Guy (Shipman Co. 

467 LINCOLNSHIRE 
Choice Eastside location, small 2 bedroom hom e. co m p letely re m o d e le d - $1o,75o 
No down payment to Vets 341 8134, 49* 3229 
LOW DOWN P A Y M E N T Clean J bedroom, extra large lot, near Ft. 
Sam 
SANTEX CO REALTORS 643 o46o 

LUCKY YOU SSS 

See this b a r g a in !!! P ric e reduced *3ooo below appraised 
Voiue Executive sized 4 dc droom, 2 both builder s model, latge combination fam ily and liv in g room acc en ted bv a warm cozy fireplace, separate dining and gam eroom . fully carpeted thruout, ample stor age util, room and p rivacy fence 
N ear 
R andolph 
Im m ediate occupancy. Over 
2ooo so ft with eauity below 
$75oo 
Priced 
$4o,VOO 
Call 
ASS 4713 

MANOR REALTY 
C e n tu ry 21 
LU XURY 4-2-2 ONLY *65o 
Tola! down closing with first pmt in Morch' Custom built brick, living, dining ond family rooms, full carpet, alt, more. $49,5oo, 
Churchill, San Pedro Hills area' 
344-5S64 Hart McCormick 344 2993 
MAC ARTHUR HIGH. .3 bedroom home has open fam ily aren with fireplace plus living or dining room! 
24x17 covered patio! 
$31,966. 
REALTORS 
8269631 
Guy Chipman Co. 

MAKE AN OFFER 
Voeont, ready tor occupancy. 3 be drooms, 7 baths, 7 living areas 
Good floor plan on col de .ac Con venlent to Randolph, Windsor Park 
Assume payments of $763 on 7 
VA loan 
6SB-353S A n y tim e 

OWNER ANXIOUS immaculate San Pedro Hills. I be droom (rooster 17x12 plus dressina a re a l, step down living, step u p dining Large den with fireplace 
Beoutifui lot 
Marne Horton 344-2341, 653-5934 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 
6 w n e r M ib i 
Make artel and assume $181 mo 3 bedroom, central heat*alr« carpet many extras. 
Must sell, 
Niles 
ASS 2(88 
C e n tu ry 21 
HAP RESER AJJ’6183 Anytime 
RING IN 1977 
This baby is a winner lust listed J bedroom, 7 bath laroe familvronm with fireplace, completely eaulpoM kitchen Low. low equity and priced only $36,99o 
C e n tu ry 21 
M ONEYSAVERS REALTY 
656 2428 ANYTIM E 
RIVER R O S A R IA ----------- 
72$ E WOODLAWN 
Interior completely refurbished 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, paneled walls 
By Owner Owner financed 
736 J1J7, 82A 7711 
• g b S E tfE L T NIG H ~4 hei.frnom anch style home has carpeting thruout1 Living, dining roams piettv patio Excellent condition' 
STS,5oo 
REALTORS 
144 1o41 
Guy Chipman Go. 

 m o i h u g 

Brick Colonial 3 bedroom, 2 bolti, study, large living room, separate drama, family room wtttl fireplace 
Mf School Immedkite possession 
*57,5oo 
MARTHA JANE 
FRAZIER, REALTOR 
826-2393 
FRAZIER REAL ESTATE 

MAKE O FFER Assume $164, (leon 
3 bedrm* Air fenced off M id to w n vacant move today, will trade 
Ave-,42o W AYNE SLATER 349-9278 
MMK IV CONDITION 
And Windcrest location odd to the charm of this * bedroom 7' t bath home Draoas, many built ins. and electric garage doors enham e this home The large yard has many trees, covered patio and a privacy fence Call for on appointment 
6S3-435o 

COLO WEATHER is here and this 3 2 2 has 7 wood borning fireplaces plus lots ot open living spoce. carpeted with o d d snag carpet, all electric harvest gold kitchen, large backyard with privacy fence. A teal buy at $47,5oo 
GENE WILSON 
656 3441 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY CROUP 

CONTEMPORARY) 
YOU BET! 
Wide open spaces and lots of glass. 
This 3 2 2 is immaculate In every way. Eauity and assume $299 mo payments. 
IANDMARK. REALTORS 
*9o-95o2 

WIFE TH 
GUARANTEE 
We guarantee she will love rte* spic and span 4 bedroom bom* rn prestigious Oak HoNoar fstote* lots of plush extras including a lf filth! it 
IttBnktfA l.uuL ( 
WW JWIt ta* w|PENK I, niniTinv carpeting, and burglar ben The price it a pleasant surprise. 
I 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R EA LTO R S 
349-6211 

C O R N E R 
OF 
O B L A T E and 
MCCULLOUGH. Large 3 bedroom, 
3 bath, den, fenced. Ideal location 
No down to Veterans. 
341-1834 
ABDO 
494-3229 
COUNTRY SETTING 
7 story home on approximately on# acre beautiful QoS trees, located 
Ort IM 35 North. 4 bedrooms, 7 baths, 
7 car gorage, hoot shed lo rg # family room with fireplace Exter ror rock, pig* ballo and bor b a under shade trees Refinance or assume f% VA loan 
6S8-353S A n y tim e 

FIRST O FFER IN G 
Walk to bus 3 bedrooms, 2 bath living room (fireplace), separate dining, excellent neighborhood cmd owner will finance' Priced in the 
3o s 824 1733,826 7314 
Marie Sale Hill, Realtors 

MONT! VISTA 
Sound house with greot potential In heart of bistroic area. 4 large be drooms. 7 baths, can be duplex or single fomrly home High ceilings fireplace, *46.ooo 
MONTE VISTA 
725-o46$ RKALTORS-MLS 822 o67$ 

MONTE VISTA 
Lots of living oreo In this lovely horn- on ’■> acres, Beautiful trees ' fireplaces Call for more mtormo lion 342 7o9o or 878 56/1 
Strawier Nelson, Real Estate 

FIRST OFFERING-OAK FOREST 
Charming Colonial In immaculate con dition. 
H a rd w o o d flo o rs , s e p a ra te liv in g d in in g room , delightful fam ily room , electric 
Oarage doc r opener Pr iced in the 
4o'* for quick sale' Pleas* coll us tor further details 824 3213, 822 5973 
MUM SIM i i . D u ttn 

MR. EXECUTIVE 
Charming 4 2 2, carpeting, custom drapes, taro# fam ily room with fireplace, over IVOO sq ft of luxury living Assume or refinance Priced at *5o.5oo 
GENE WILSON 
616-1441 
REALTOR 
NILS 
KEY GRUMP 
NEAR FT. SAM Na Down 
Anyone, $26o move In cost, clean 
3 bedroom, tile both, air, big yard. off Corinne. $2oo mo! 
144 5564 Hart McCormick 144 >993 

 firs t Tim O IM tt 
W IN D C R E S T G A R D E N HO M E 
Near new and In superb condition A most complete property, Includes 
GARY POOL $65,oo(1 $11,oooequity and 
ASSUME' 
626-634J. eves 
665 764o 
C o n ttim te a c ttlis 
FOR FAST title service with no un- necessory delay let ALAMO TITLE 
CO. handle the U?ol 277 o731 
2 2. IOO ft foundry room. 175 It greenhouse, perm anent out build ing, stove refr ig erato r. carpel, ustom draped 
Only 
129,8oo 
861-5716 

COZY FIR EPL ACE 64 bedrooms, 2 baths, huge living area, 2 garage 
$3,5oo equity, $315 mo Coll 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 WI 8 Pm 

CHACKLING LOGS 
In th# core wood burning fireplace 
This brick home bos 37-2 with reol butcher mock counter Submit oh otters All tor $34,ooo with flexible terms 
SSS-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Rf a l t a r s Perrin Bedel OH 

By ow ner M onte V is ta 
3o? W 
G ram ercy Modern Well built 8 room Spanish 3-3-4 New central air heat Many ext as Sty,SUO or ofter Will Im a m * 4t i 13o4 by" oW«IE R btl Nae o'" Rd ' 3 
Appl*, carpet drapes Equity and assume $29.9oo o5^ 548o i v OWNER reduced » 7 7. Volley 
Forge assume 7L. VA, ftSOOeault 
666 146!____ 
BV O W iE fl 
Schertz, 2-1-1,"law equity and assume IH S VA 834-2616 or 668-71 $8 
______________ 

BY OWNERS ferm is ta elhi 
F R E E I tie r refs la ether hem e* 
“ Far Sa*# Bv Owner 342 9292 
Son Aureate Homeowners Assoc 
I V o lV S fV , valencia 4 ?'J.'dcrong or living, large den, earner Sat fenced, A' enlace tv, assume 
653 77 )o 

 club, $5,5oo en it 
VA. 
$338 ma 

CMttoniia Contemporary 

Glossed, sloped wood deck callings, track and recess lighting, fireplace, wet bar, many builtins ar# a few at th# amenities at this tine J bedroom. 
2 bath h am * 
C o ll far d e ta ils 
124-o284 Realtors 
STEVE I. TIMO! 

CHOICE 
Fairfield i 
3-2 2 In aglet Fairfield addition. Ll' ing dining combo Fam ily room 
Fenced yard NE schools Over 15oo sp It Just SJO VOO t r i e N agei ive 5336 *9 * 2712 tw fm iW A iim in 
FIRST TIME O FFERED at this price Alamo Heights 12 complete ty renovated beautiful sunroom den, large kitchen, deck* and fire aloe* Central aer neat */!,ouu Bv owner 337 871*. 334 4488 

GARDEN COURT EAST 
7 I, oil elertrlt kitchen, carpeted, lorge te rra /o entry holt Assume with monthly payments of $1*7 
GENE WILSON 
*$4-3841 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEYGRMUP 
BLENDOR* ■ SI),DOD VA 
3 bedrooms, large yard. trees 
■28-o48$ 
738-1788 
714-4117 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

DON T OVERLOOK this 4 bedroom. 
7 bel!) brick home loc ated in Valen­ cia Living room w ith tiroploce, dining room, electric kitchen. J po 
• os. p rivacy fence, corner lot 
42-12)1 ANYTIM E 

S3,OOO EQUITY ond assum e pay m e n ts on th is immaruurte J bedroom home with i lovely baths, one* large family area with fireplace, 2 car gamge. built in appliant e* central air heat 
C E N T U R Y 21 
RANK BENTON REALTORS 
SSI-2*11 

GOOD BUY 
Bring the vear In rig h t with the purchase ol this 3 bedroom, den, fenced yard, immaculate $17,56o 
24 hr Service. *$$-$131 
VIR G IN IA CERVENKA REALTOR 

 m r b u m p 
HAPPY NEW YEAR! cs what you'll soy when you see mis ad o rab le new listin g in V o lley 
Forget Super (leon with many ex teas Low equity and oaym ents 
Just $13,75o. 

828-839) A n y tim e 

714-4*11 
Byes 
EXCLUSIVE LISTING 
Walking distance to Alamo Heights 
Schools Immaculate J bedroom. 2 bath home w itn den, or 3rd be droom E nitty the wor mth of a wood burning fireplace and living room 
Separate dining ond ooh floors 
826 2439, 824 5433. Realtors mt»m 

HIGH VIEW (rom spilt level home rn Thousand Oaks! Living dining roam plus family room with tire pioce I bedroom 2 baths. 
$54,96# 
R E A LTO R ! 
88*7241 
Guy Chipman Co. 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

FAIRFIELD 
AMrocbye I bedroom } both horn*. 
Close to FL Som. sitting on a corner lot Living room ond fondly room. will consider 
VA 
$3o,2o6 
Nltes, 
’33-1539 
344 1o71 
DON JOHNSON. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

F E L L LIKE A RUBBER B A U ? 
Bouncing from house to house? 
Look no further1 Loverly 3 2 2 home in Kirby with a aute! neighborhood near schoo l Well landscaped yard, entrot heat air. beautiful paneling. 
• Ira large fam ily room, bright cheerful k lichen 
Only 
$32,4543 
824-6171 

 p e n 
C 
A 
R 
P 
E 
T 
JDt j s M r v r v i J f e - X 
FIRST OFFERING 
TEEKELL HILLS AM SCHOOLS harming 3 2 in choil e location Has wnodburntng fire p la c e In livin g roam, family room with catling ton. dark slam floor 
828-2439 
REALTORS 

J O U S T IN G 
FIRST O FFER IN G 
• FOR TNE RETIRED • or tor the young Appealing exterior and in te rio r 2 bedrooms, b rig h t sunroom (or aem Central neat and o il 
Double garage Many builim s 
Alamo Heights I le 2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 
FIRST O FFER IN G TMI 
On a aural street ond shaded by qn enormous out oak, this delightful oil b ric k I s to ry 
Living room with flregiacy, separate dining roam , central heat o ir, I cor atta rhea got age, sprinkler system, servants quarters and even a noose tor yovf homing pigeon* Please coli ire toe details 124-3313, 82o /314 
MUM IIM HE S o la rs 

N EW C A R P E T IN G , fresh pain decorate J bedroom, 7 both horn w ith living dining room metal panehjd family room PATIO! 
$43,8 
R E A L T O R S 
Guy Chipman Co 

N E W Y E A R S S P E C IA L 
N o r th r id g e 
3 lo r g # b e d r o o m * fam ily sized den, living dining com ba. oversized dbl u arao# on shady corner lot 828 6191 
CLINT LEAKE 

Page r n 

HOMES— NORTHEAST 

ROYAL OAKS 
A LA M O H E IG H T S SCHOOLS 
C h o k e loc orion on this spacious lairdly ham # 7 room m aster %ud<‘ down, plus 4 u p s ta irs bed' noms 
L a rg e fa m ily room 
I or m a l and 
Inform al dining areas. Q uarters. In lh# 8o s 
82* o6o4 
N it# * 872-1648 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 
I E E ‘ w h a t c h a r k a l l 
A Y I’ 
A BO UT! This older hom e has lots of 
I i eat lr d o o r*, s h u tte rs , t e riln q fans rough cedar and Saltillo til# 1 
A m any w in d o w ed g a rd e n ro o m . fireploced living room , dining room o-td 4 bedroom s in a ll with tm m as lei suite on on upper level w ith a b a lc o n y on d tre e s ta n d in g fir e p la te d , study o d la c e n t to t ne d ro o m a d o w n s ta ir s o o m # room all set in 
O LO 
A L A M O 
H E IG H TS 
R E A LTO R S 
898-91831 
Guy Chipman Co. 

SEACE aaa CHARM 
A LA M O HO TS SCHO O ! I 
Custom built brick, I year old, w ith c h a rm , s p ac io u s ro o m s , fo rm a l d in in g , s e p a ra te liv in g , fa m ily , 
1 7 - 1 *14-4571 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
’ A i i i b u s 
L I V I n 6 I si a ut I 
S"P A £ i o u ! u 3 T n 6 ! 
V a ii i IJ S cathedra! ceiling In hug# fireploced den H ave both a 3 end 4 bedr oom 
Easy to own. No paym ents til April 
GASE B A K ER c o 
*9o*99# Eves *9*1 
M I 7711 
KEY GROUP 

SPANISH CDNTIMPOMRV 
Spar loos 4 7 2. 7ox1o fam ily room . fir e p la c e , a r tis t lo ft b a fh e a tp o h e a t a ir , a p p lia n c e s b x c e lle n ! te r m s , a s s u m e o r r e fin a n c e . 
$54,oo6 W ill lr ade an sm aller hom e 
$44 3891 BOB D eP A O LO R E A L T O R 
S P E C IA L 
4 7, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , c e n tr a l a ir heat. N ortheast School* Mi ae shopping renter Vacant 
C e n t u r y 21 
111 Bill P orkins R ltv 82< 
*$2-8111 lly 87* stye 

NO DO W N TO A N Y O N E , 3 bedroom all b rk k home, fenced yard, loroo tree*. $1*o mo 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
Lovely 4 2 7 mony extras. N.E schools Drapes, carpels, built ins Open ter ms Call 
M a rie KeMey, 4*1-197o (A rter /» 
C e n tu ry 21 
'.Vhttehead-Heiiday 
*84-3711________________ R E A L T O R S 
N O R T H W O O D E S T A T E S ! Just right for the derive fam ily a heat 
» a pool, large tree shotted grounds a lm o s t m a ip te n o n r e fr e e 
J Be dr nom, J bolti home with tune hanoi floor plan com pletely re dec ar led 
Walk to N E Schools, Churches city bus bz block 
Open te rm s $$6.$oo 
142 1211 A N Y T IM E 

16o3 NE Lee# 41o office 

A ll b ric k 3-2 2, vt a c r e lo t, (us! e m o d e ie d 
$4o,oo6 
By O w n e r 
494 3226, 341 8134 

R 
N 
Y . * * * 
We can (how you a large $ bedroom . 
(Oak P ork A re a ) 
3 bedroom s (In 
O lm o s! 
3 b e d ro o m * (C a ttle H ill 
T e rrac e! or any section you w ant! I 
Lei u t do your house hunting11 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
_________ I2 4 7134, Atty tim # 
___ 
HUG S $ T O N * F IR E P L A C E In sin gle Hying a rc o , 4 2 2 
E q u ity and 
H u m e M IS m o Nigthts 65* MOO 
C e n tu ry 21 
TR IC Q , R ealto r* 149-8891 
(O B A L tor first home buyers Cato, c le a n a n d s u e d r ig h t tor s m a ll fam ily and packet book 
This I be­ droom I* * both cqn be yours today 
898-5211 A N Y T IM E 
S E D 
L A R P E T 

JNK, 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G 
Custom built home with I targe Hy­ ing a rea beoutilui bqtthnt, luxury kiltie en and 2 decorator baths M id 
3o s 
*18-o864 
Niles *28-8897 
SUB W E E M S 4 ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

URRY 
New I bed rooms" aft ta rg e te d In tort g re e n 
J sep a rate liv in g a re a s , 2 baths, 2 ca r garage O nly $31,SOO fIM M Y J ' a s m 

NORTHWOOD TERRACE 
A trem endous fa m ily horn# rn im m aculate condition, $ bedroom s, I i baths large fa m ily room , l i f t pool, s p rin k ler system a nd a la rm %y» tem 
M id 7o s C art us so w e con 
RAVE about this one1 
1788*8* 
Nites 114 1181 
SUB W B B M S A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 
O F F N A C O G DO CH ES 
I bedroom , a ir. big fenced y ard I ess than $15o m ove In c oaf No Poy m erit til M a rt h 
G reat A m erica R ealtors 498 9*o2 
O LD H O M E Z O N E D R E T A IL 
Spar loos I story, fire p la c e , h a rd wood floors, leaded windows Needs repair N ear SAC $18 OOO 
*28 454$ P R I AK OS R * A L T Y 14 b f* 
G L O W O R T o C H A R M 
S tu nning 
English Tudor far the d ts rrlm ln o t lag buyer The C harm and G re e r of yesterday Plus e ve ry convenience of to m o rro w 
* M a s te r s ize d be droom s. 3 fireplaces, banquet sized d in in g roo rn 2 s ittin g room s, im ported paneling. Ic odea glass win dow s. m a rb le e n tr y . M a le ro o f 
Separate guest house or q u arters 
E ve ry omenrty tor gracious living 
O v e r I a c r e ct fe n c e d g ro u n d s lo c a te d m p o p u la r T e r r g ll H its 
494 78$) A N Y T IM E 

:At~TOR% 5o /e a r s uFT ft U S I 
O NLY1 $28 CASH TO A tifv O N i' 
J or 4 bedrooms, range, ond r«4rig included 822 $8o8, G ilbert. Realtors 

• Oihf $22,DOO YA • 
1-2, central neat o il rn S ierra North off N a c o g d o c h e s Rd 
M O V E IN 
TO O AY M8-8471. netts 141-1/12 
ROB B R E N N E R R E A LTO R S 
OUT NAC OCDOC HES No bown 
Clean 3 ivy-1, a ir. I2$o moves you in ) weeks. $2o8 m onth1 
$48 5564 H a rt M r C entric* 344 2991 
" OUT W AtT IS n K ttoZ n A- y-S tt 
I rum or uteri# l i t , quito, fence, a ir appliances, fully paneled garage, only $214 m onth, call 
384-t$84 M art M cC orm ick 344-1991 

Start Tin Nbw Year RiaM 
By ((voiding cliv taxes Yes, yew ta n own this 3 ho dr nom J bath hom e in an ideal location In tin* m id iris 
454-3ooo A n v ilin g 
Beanie Owens Co 
REAL TORS P e rrin Bedel Oft 

T f i i r f M F ' N r f * v l A i T i ® M r 
Bv paying no rent in '77 Tor It s 75f 
(VA Appraised) this well C arm i lo t, ail COi ne*Iud i bedroom hom e r gA be yours th e p rim Includes a go* range, re frig erato r, dinette yet and 
2-COr gprno# 
All tnt* on nearly 'n rn re lot with huge frees A beauty 
Coll now 8?4 o l/1 
R E P C A R P E T 
418 SUMNER 
J, bedroom I bath, c M itral heat a h ndih o n ers, fenced y a rd , tree lift SOO 735 5813 
LES E D G A R 734-4221 
TERRELL HILLS 
A must see per fee t tor large family, t bedrooms, J baths central heat a ir, plus trrepiace Large heated pool, sprinkler system >24 4 8}Ii rules 674 o/44 
Turner Realty 

HUS IGV YOUR DEL. 

YOU It love spending it in this cozy, i omtorliible J bedroom. I barit, located In Kirby in quiet, secure cul-de sac f resh ly pummel interior and exterior, shag carpeting, stove, irin g . and UMI. room An esc ellen! in vestment with payments below 
*115 
Open te rm s . P ric e d 
171 OOO Cali 858-4733 

MANQR RBALTV 
C e n tu ry 21 

UNBELIEVABLE 
On today !■ market, you con st Hi bay a 3 bedroom, 2 both. brick borne in 
Alamo H eight* Sc hoi Distr u t tor only 128,756 Central heal ond a k , builtin stove, refrigerator Assume 
VA loon Pf refinance FHA ar VA 
IJS o*64 Nit#* 838-7995 
SUE WB EMS 4 ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 
N iv c R S A r Z T T Y T r e s 
D fJ iv tF s J C riT T lo anyone on io6*» bbrick l l I, bt# trees, $766 closing, $176 monthly 
388-5884 Hon McCormick 344 1993 
O R o T “ E e lie r t5 7 n 
New— less than 2 years old 3 Be drooms, 2 baths, one large living oreo with a center fueplore Far mal dining la rg e rut de soc with established (awn See Today tor 
SCO 9oo 824-o121 AN YTIM E 
ROSOW* M E 
REALTORS 56 Years at TRUST 

WINDCREST RY OWNER l arge 4 bedroom home. side entry garage, hill connie y view from reg patio 7566 sa ti IOO ston family room with 11repro, e Sit 
59o/ Winding Rids*. 653 /271 
Ippt 
- w w w s nF s im s iA rrw rE A ^ 
No down anyone' I t bedrooms, some apptiances N E schools 'N pay men I M a rd i 77 
TK f.B » A M L I ,I 
Ba n y o u bC LU awn tor this I bec diag* v o *m rets 
,4235726 

 r 
LY SS** 
» Mi Par * 
■TS-1*91, 

 t 
7144*31 

LOW EQUITY 
N E A R W INDSOR MARK M A LL, 
*256o assumes th# 8 '/»$* VA loon at 
$2*1 roc 4 2 central heat air, bart! in *Mtnen *79.884 
REALTOR 
861-13o8 
C e n tu ry 21 
BLAINE LUDW IG 4 ASSOC 

Open Monday thru Friday t A il. to SiSO PAU. 
D E A D L IN E S : 
Monday thru Thursday 
5iOO P M, tor F o llo w in g Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Prickly 5 P M, for Sunday 
Friday 5:3o P M, For Monday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
CafXdllations and Corrections can bb mode 
Monday thru Friday 8 A M til 5t3o P.M. 

 the Express*-Now* C o rp except* re»po«*it»«(<ty to r errors the hr t i doty o f puts!d o bon only 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jan 2 1977 

D © 

W I N D C R E S T — C u sto m built w ith e very am enity for g r a c io u s liv in g 
Separate torm ol and inform oi u v in a onn d ining are as, o iu s lib ra ry with built ins and gun rack, and re rre o ti on : nom with wet bat. 4 B e d ro o m s 
7 baths, all electric kitchen, fire blare, lots of built m s and over lOOO sa It. of s t o r a g e 
S p r m k l e r e d a - o u a d s p r o f e s s io n a l ly la n d s caped, decora tive outside lighting, c o v e re d patio la rg e p ecan trees 
874-o1 ?1 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW ft KLINE tee A l lo w s SO s e a rs of t K U S T 

WINDCREST 
Start ttw> new vear right in this over ! 
, olm o .t 78oo s a ft of 3 b e d ro o m s, d en . g a m e r o o m a n d s w im m in g pool A c ro ss from Golf C o u rse 
74 hr Service, 6S5-5131 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A R E A L T O R 
KEY h i p 
755o W IS H IN G O A K S IN L IV E O A K nc'di oom s, ? baths, double gar ciao 
C orn e r lot fenced C entral heal oral m r cond t ic 
Stove disposal, dish w a sh e r. L o w E q u it y * P a y m e n t s 
$/6t OO a m o C all Ai M e n d e r N A 
H O N A L P R O P E R T I E S *34 o623 

(H O W S— NORTHWEST 
QoW tS^-N O R T H W tsQ fail) I ( HOfMS-NOBTHWHT I 

YOUR STARCH ENOS 
S p a c io u s 4 b e d ro o m , la rg e d en with fireplace plus sto rage build ing a n d p r iv a c y fe n c e d y a r d Q u ic k posse ssio n in P op u la r Old F o rm 
*74-23*1 (A nytim e I 
Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S , 1142 A U S T IN H W Y 
?1? HOWS NORTHWEST 

T T a a a T a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
L o v e ly 3 l l, a ir . a p p lia n c e s , in 
W estw ood V illa ge O nly $7oo down, p aym en ts 5164 
6/5 1691. 673 o357, 
674 48o* 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
ABOUT S2o is oil the r a s h you will need, a nyo n e ta n gualifv. 3 4 bed room s, 7 brilhs, som e with air and a pp lia n c e s F irs! paym ent M a rc h l l 
344 3o*1 B O B D E P A O L O R E A L T O R 

Vt AC HUGE OAKS 
1,5oo sa ft. rock home, e le tfrn fireplocc, doc run, 7 cor. m n - 
828 o665 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
A C O U N T R Y E S T A T E on S p lu s a c re s , ru stic b u l c h i c 1 W ith a hutHs fice p lare d liv in g ro o d ' su n ken din in g ro om and lovely den . 5 b e d ro o m s (or 4 p lu s stu d y ) C om pletely rem odeled and re lu rb ish e d 1 
G uesthouse a nd stables rock patio w ith B B Q a n d b e a u t if u l t r e e s g a lo re 1 Offered at $16o,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
3463o41 
Goy Ctiipman Co. 

 a 
T FlH r 
’ (Uarmr 

T 
I T 
L 
E 

F o r Fast Accurate Title 
Service 

5 Convenient Ixpcations 

• 
I O T K . T K V V I s 
• 2 < t i» I P L L A J t A N T O N R I ) . 

• HH)7 N E L O O P H O • 72o6 R I. W C O R O A D 

• 174o F R E D E R IC K S B U R G R O A D 

S e r v in g S a n A n t o n in S in c e 1 9 2 2 

START THE NEW YEAR 
RIGHT! 

 fall today lo see the mony mony homes we hove listed throughout 
•he city you re sure to find HIST 
WHAT YOU WANT' 2 
3 
4 bed rooms, family rooms, some with for moi hvmq and dining rooms, mony with femed yards and other extras 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY O f HOMES 

W I 1121. 656 552o, 341-9191 

% ACRE 
CASTLE HILLS im m ocutate 
M o v e in read 
3 be­ droom . 7 both su rro u n d e d b y la rge tre e s 
L a r g e p a rty b u d d in g p lu s w o rksh op a nd sto rage buildm a 
V e ro M iller, 344 7341. 344 8*43 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

A DOS'S MIG 
This h o u se is re a lly pitvtot* M ow ewer, with so m e lender lo vin g care it could be G R E A T ' in A lie n a V il­ lage. only $14,SOG 

82 8-43 91 A n y t im e 
Dearie Owens Co 
1oo3 N E Loop 41o office 

TSS5ST 

 view d o st rn 

11.5 eire*, oyer 
14oo 
Stuonwxj (ontemperary. newer them 
2 yeses Owner architect meticulously built and designed this home to toke advantage of a po not amir view from every room Swimming Fool 
IO SETHI ESTATE large Inrmg dining room, huge foamy room kitchen combo, 3 bedrooms 2 baths, coveted potto, punacy fenced yard with rn cit Ute trees Priced rn 
36 s *24 3233 826 oo49,822 S973 
82? 91o3, 826 7314 

M U 
E A U T O R S 

B U I L D E R S O W N H O M E 
N E A R U T S A , U S A A 
G ra c io u s a nd sp a cio u s custom de sign ed 3 3, ates. eou io p ed kitchen. im m e d ia te p o s s e s s io n 
*26-2439, 
*22-1452, R E A L T O R S 
JONES •KING 

A GLOBING EIRE is the best relaxer know n to m on 
T h is h o m e rn C h a rt e r O a k s h o ew ervtbm g inclu d in g o fireplace (3 b e d r o o m s ! S p a n i s h in d e s ig n 
Beautiful kitchen S S I OOO 344-134$ 
G race Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M C S i -'t o t f r r b u y 
3 b e d r o o m s 
I o a th s , liv in g r o o m -Eden 
$3,522 c a v ity . *153 m o C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o75$ R I 8 RH) 

A L L B R IC K 
I ?•?. h uge fam ily room . fire p la ce oil O uitfm s E x t r o la rg e lot 
N ear 
-led Center 
D o n 't m iss this 
C all 
P ao p y 
6*4-4444 
N tfes 6 *4 o13$ 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A L T O R S _____________________ M L ! 
A L<*7 of so o c c for so little J r.e d o o m s f s t u d y o r 
4th be­ d room -»den $17,SOO Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E (7 * o7$$ fit * pm 
A N IC E B A C H E R L O R S P A O 
• ■ d r o o m s . 
2 o a t h s 
7 st a t y to w n h o u s e a p p lia n c e s N o t h in dow n first o ovm e nt rn M a rc h 
6*4 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 4*4 616* 
A N IC E B A C H E L O R S R A O J d r o o m s 
7 b a t h s 
7 s t o r y tow n h ou se a p p lia n c e s 
N o th in g d o w n first paym en t in M a rc h 
4*6 7476 W A Y N E S L A T E R 644 616* 
B A B C O C K N O R T H $456 D O W N to A n y o n e ' No p aym en t til M a r c h ' s o u rs ling clean J bedroom . ? bath. g a ra g e air. ca rp e t for $728 month, you petter act n o w ' 
HA 5544 M ort M c C o rm ic k J44 2 ** I 
B E A C O N H IL L 
? b e d 'o om , I car. an te rm s 
72/4227 W A T S O N A S O N 
7)2 264$ liE A C O T T 
L L 1 A h om e of and Com fort C arp ete d I b ed ro o m liym o ro om wrth tire ploce fo rm a l dining updated kitchen, p iu s 7 ro om a p a r t m e n t in r e a r 
N e a r b schools and sh o p p in g O n ly $7? OOO 
,4 J J?! I A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R L A L T O R S SO Y e a r s OI t r u s t 

B U Y M E ! I rn o 3 
2 db b ric k . with a la rge c orn e r fire o lo ce d den 
F u lly carpeted. lu x u ry Itvina in the g r e a t N o rt h w e st 
Im m e d ia t e o c ­ cup an cy C h iv $7*oo equity 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
49o-899o E v e $ 696 MOS, 342 7712 
KEY GROUP 

B v O w n e r 
J I 
J c o n te m p o ra ry , fire p la c e wet b a r. pool. st o r a g e sh e d . p r iv a c y fe n c e , s e c lu d e d n eighborhood 673 7 o 8 o 
B Y O W N E R 
E X T R A N i c e 7 ye ar old h om e J b e d ro o m s 7 bath. low equ ity low interest AOI* Stillw ater C oil after 6 u r n 6 *4-*6$ 2 
B y ow ner 3 2 7 ♦ I F a n h istic 1 
Taw ney O a k s bv apt 144 7*o2 

 r 
I WheiW H Y RENT? 
When you con own a wouy free condominium with oh maintenance included rn you. monthly payment this beauty tim 3 bedrooms, 2 bulbs, a family loom, some ap f litanies nod new carpeting on love- y grounds which includes swimming pool, clubhouse and putting green. 
A good buy at only 535,5oo! 

A B O 

L ’ 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 

BY O W N ER S 

NORTHIAST 

 o w n e r r s e M s n e n t o 
M U S ? S § if. this luxurious C o o 
♦fini*x>»ciry 3 or 4 bedroom bo 
•riamnient hom o thot features o bfpouttful one b rg e living area with ftrfplac®, separate formal dining, gam eroom , built-in chino cabinet off breakfast are a and large m aster suite dow nstairs Com e see at 2 3 o 6 Shadow Cliff 
$ 3 7 ,9 o o 
3 4 2 9 3 9 3 for appointment 
PttSTtOtOOS C A STU HILLS is w here yo u ’ll find this spacious 4 3 
JCP with formal living and dining, fireplace in family room and hug® o a k -studded lot Cat! for m ore info a n d appt to see 
A p praised 
$ 6 6 . 2 / 5 3 4 2 9 3 9 3 

NORTHWEST 

O W N E R 
BO lB N S-kO U N D a s so o n a s he sells his lovely hom e at 
3 7 1 8 
W m 
Penn rn 
Colonies 
N o rth 
This 
3 2 ? has a hu^e fiving-dtn»ng t om bm otion with fin piece, study with bmlf-im , on e oil rotated on a go rge o u s lot with m an y oak trees 
A p praised 
$ 4 5 , 6 7 5 CoM 6 9 6 3 1 4 3 
UTSA, U SA A A N D MTD C IN - 
TIN m e minutes a w a y from this immocutote 4-2 ? with large living d ining combo, spacious fomily room wtth lovely fireplace, covered patio cmd E X T R A S G A L O R E ! C om e see for yourself at 
6 9 3 1 
Brookfield $ 4 3 , 9 o o 6 8 1 o o 2 2 
UOMCO-NOKRS 

-V 
342-9393 
Si son antonio 
H homeowners 
A association 

 r 

I 

I 

I 

WHEEL ANO DEAL! 
2S8 FENNEL 
Bellview 
Needy bout* need* 
$om* point end lob of TIC. 3 bedrooms, over 14oo sg ft lot 
52o,ooo 
3oTo GREEN ACRES 
3-2, beautifully remodeled Im mediate occupancy 526 OOO 
TATO W. HOUY WOOD 
2 1, cute and clean, and ready ta live in. 512,ooo 
16o4 W. HOUY WOOD 
Duple* 
Home plus income 
522,5oo. 
BUIVERDE-3 ACRES 
4 bedroom home equipped ice house Reduced 51o,ooo 
SW j W W S T 
6818 BRAVO VALLEY 
4 2-2, remodeled, appliances No down Tor Vets 528,9oo 

|bOB McGINNS 

R E A L T O R S 
3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

( H O W IS — MOBTHW fST ) ( 2 1 2 ) 
> o W l S - N O t T H W f ! T ) ( 2 l l ) 

LOCATION 
So im portant. Th is iovelv hom e is convenient to the M e d ica l C om p lex and Loop -UC O w n e rs tran sfe rre d . 
L e a v in g this alm ost new 3 b ed room hom e in Seneca Estates. H a s ever 
Vthing including B IG F I R E P L A C E 
S49.75o. 
Im m ed iate posse ssion , 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

P R I C E 
R E D U C E D t o r 
I M 
M E D I A T E 
S A L E a n d 
O C 
C U P A N C Y ! E q u it y u n d e r $3,ooo 
L u x u r y 2 o e d ro o m C o n d o m in iu m w ith F ir e p la c e p lu s p a n o r a m ic view. $27,95o. 342 3211 A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW I KUNE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 

RED LIGHT SPECIAL 

LOVELY 4 BEDROOM w ith over 21oo sa. ft., gigan tic den h a s fire p la c e , f o rm a l liv in g a n d d in in g room , p us ga m e room , near 
I 
M E D IC A L C E N T E R , A sk tor Ruth 
Fo b e s 
I 
341-9168 A N Y T I M E 

 i C e n tu ry 2 
1 
I 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

This will m a ke you stoo. look, a nd listen! 3 b edroom s, 2 baths, p riv a c y fenced y a rd , la rge sin gle livin g area w ith tire p lo c e , o ld o ok tre e s a n d rea d y tor a new ow ne r. 
U nder 
$4o,ooo 
Century 2 1 
C h a rle s Schn eid er 
684-72oo 

• Reduced To Si 3 ,/SO® 
335 Nassau, 3 b e d roo m s ond den, oft 
West Ave 
S E E T H IS B A R G A I N 
B U Y 346 3471, 341 17*2 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S f 
L U X U R Y F E A T U R E D B R I C K , f, near Medical Center and U SA A 3-2 hom e, m in im u m u o-keep . m a x 
I unum privacy, the unusual in 5o's 
I price. N EW on M A R K E T ! 824-45o7. 

I 
REQUA REALTY CO 

1514 SAN ANGELO 
3 bedroom , 2 bath. open term s 
344 A268 
684 5748 
341 6566 

JEFFERSON AREA 

M n t M n kxkntiej^UtvK n m y rm 

NEAR UTSA 
AM the kl ti hen apfto**** TMiew rn tim w«fl kept 3 lwdroo*i 2 bvt* heme wrth 
M i §*«•* $21 m 
699-1ooo 
Turtle Creek Area rte Aim Owns 

Rf A l TORS-BM S 

THE BIG BEDROOM 

In Westwood ocea will sell V* or 

IM * In the low 52o s /’36 ISS Ives 

 roll Rudy 734-o54? 
LARGE FAMILY? 

Spacious 5 bedroom monsion in the 

 low S3os, will go V* or Con 

 ventionol Jefferson Hi School Area 

736 1851 Even calf Tony 73? 3173 
A ll CITY REALTY 
CORP. 

 i m 

SY OWNED 
3 7 7 In F o re st O a k s $m gle iivin q a re a with fire p la ce la rg e c ove te d coho, 
Ie ii Leo vo id , m id 
$3o . 
66J 8778 
B Y O W N E R 
7 m i f r o m U T S A 
7 h lk s C le m sch ool B a b co c k N orth L u x u rio u s 
Tow nhom e J bedroom s, 7 boths, l o , D e le d c e n t r a l a ir . a d a p c h a n c e s R efinance or a ssu m e -ow eauity I 
, , $76,6oo 6*1 I $o8 
B Y O W N E R 
P R I C E D R IG H T 
6 bedroom s, 3 full baths study den with tire p lo c e liv in g d in in g ro om com b o ail electric kitchen with eat­ ing a re a In te rco m syste m , on ap p ro * a cre with la rge oar b ee s, on col ae sac 
The Sum m it, Colonies 
N o rth w alk to E d e n a n d m id d le sc h o o ls, b u s p ic k u p at c o rn e r hi school, near U T S A , U S A A and M e d 
Center 
Too m a ny e x tra s to list B y appt only 6»u o459 
B Y O W N E R 
7 ye ar old Leon V alie v 
3 7 2. su n k e n O villa room . fo rm a l d tn in a room . c a t h e d ra l c e ilin g s , tan gly room with fireplace $44.$oo 
6*1-1*43 No agents please 

C O L O N IA L M IL L S * J U ST L IS T E D - 
B eautiful 7 story h uge 4 bedroom s, i baths Lo v e ly livin g and dining, u ourm et kit, hen with built in a n il sp a c io u s b re a k fa st ro o m F a o ily ro o m w-th fir e p la c e p lu s g a m e room L an d sc u o e d ya rd with sp rm 
M e r or-d s w im m i n g o c o ! 
C a n 
147 32 ll A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs OI T R U ST 

ST O P ! 

T H 
I S I S I T ! 

C o n ve n ie n t to sch oo ls, 

 m alls, churches. R E D E C O R 
A T E D 
3 b e d roo m , o n e 

 la rge both 
O w n e r m ust 

 relocate. N ile s 6 5 8 - 1 4 2 8 . 

T 
O 
W 
N 
H 
O 
M 
E 

Fo r $ 3 5 , o o o y o u c a n h a v e a 3 b ed roo m . 2 bath, space o u s tow nh om e with all a p ­ 

 plian ce s. 
N e a t, clean. 
E x ­ cellent lo catio n cmd im ­ m e d iate p o sse ssio n . 
O P E N 

T E R M S N ile s 8 2 6 7 6 6 8 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 
11 M i r U n i s o u t h w p s l 

 r e a l t y 

LAUREL HILLS 
(lose to everything in Turtle 
(reek' 3 bedrooms, 
2 boths, seporote living and dining, 
TUE PUCH) FAMILY ROOM, in fedora Workshop lot dad MFW 
OSTING 548,9oo 
SPLIT LEVEL 
Gorgeous 4-2Vt-2 on wooded lot, choice kxatton' fotmol living ond dining, den with comet fireplace looks onto cedor deck. GAME 
ROOM! 576,5oo 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 
G R E A T m 
A M E R IC A 
E A L T O R s , 

W H E R E E L S E ? 
• M *w Brick Hom e* on A cr­ eage e Breathtaking V iew * e W oaded Sites for PRIVACY e 4 C heke North CommumtCet 
(Including N ew Braunfels) e le w Terne* M ake eaty Pur­ chase Terral e 1 7 oo Sa. Ft. livin g - 3 Cur 
G a r a g e d )/ SOO e 3 4 8 o Sa, Ft. liv in g - 3 Car 
G arage $ 4 * 7 $ o 
Search The Hom e M arket O ve r 
TH IN Call USI 
Swirtney Co. 

4 9 2 - 1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 

L U X U R Y w ith lo ts of s p a c e to w o n d e r. S in g le liv in g a r e a w ith m a ssiv e rock fireplace 3 la rge be rf ro o m s, a n d to rm o l d in in g . O n ly 
$54,*oo Lots of trees. 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y C O 
69o-89*o E v e s 696-88o5. 343-7713 
KEY GROUP 

MA6NIFIECENT NOME in C h a rte r O ak on a beautiful oak c o ve re d lot. sp a c io u s 4 b ed roo m s, la rge paneled den p lus a 3oft go m e room , for your pool table, traile r or boat sp ace , d e lu x e pool 341-72o1, dites 341 8794, R E A L T O R S 
JDHN FLOURNOY IHC 
MKT UNUSUAL 
7 b e d ro o m , ? '? b a th s p lu s stu d y , a triu m style h om e In p r e s t ig io u s location, two fire p la ce s a nd m a n y other features 
C oll 349-1436 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 
M O V E IN T O D A Y 
T h is 3 7 7 in Oak H ills T e rra c e is 
're d u c e d lo $42,9oo a nd that inclu d es a la rge in gro u n d pool with oil the equipm ent 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
349 1o47 
R E D C A R P E T 
M O V E O U T W H E R E IT S Q U IE T 
4 7 7, a p p lio o c e s. c a rp e ts, V A o r 
F H A term s a nd no city taxes. Im m ediate p osse ssio n 
696-747o W A Y N E S L A T E R 6*4 616* 

O E L L V I E W 
N E W O N M A R K E T . 3 b e d roo m s 
I bath, h u g * patio good kitchen V A 
F H A O K $19,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
6*1 13oo 
C e n tu ry 21 

E L A I N E L U D W IG A A S S O C 

C O L O N I E S 
N O R T H L o v e ly s p a c io u s b r ic k h om e , fire p la c e , covered patio Excellent condition 
N ear E le m e n ta ry Schools C all now 
WARD REALTY 
616-1545 

COLONIES NORTH i m m a c u la t e 7 s t o r y 
J o r 4 b e d ro o m s, 2 ' t b a t h s 
2 iiv tn o a r e a hom e with torge ga m e ro om or extra b e d r o o m 
In t e r c o m , f ir e p la c e 
M u c h sto ra g e Im m e d ia te p o sse s sion 824-4571 
Nelson Cnr^f, REALTORS 

CASTLE NILLS 
R E D U C f 'D * o $$4.SOO1 A ll D m * 
4 2 , I, 
M Mvm q stU K K o lf d*ntna, h u n t w alk to t e e Sc h o o ls 
A steal oi th»s or ice* C an Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 
C e n tu ry 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

C O N V E N I E N T M E D I C A L C O M 
R L F X E x ir a Clean 3 b edroom s. 7 b ath s a ir. sm a ll dow n, $75o m o 
M a rc h first paym en t 
6*6 747o W A Y N E S L A T E R 674-612* 
C O N V E N IE N T 
. h a r m in g 7 b e d ro o m , su n p o r c h lose to Loop, shops, e ve ryth in g 
121.5oo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E *28 3521 
C O S T L E S S T H A N ii new 
H-dden 
F of est Sole bv ow ner, 2 yr old 2 story 4 2 .-I, I h yin g are a with lire p lace, d in in g ro o m , G E kitch e n , brook fast nook. teared huge patio, 
, or lier lot 494 S?1w 
■ 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
B eo uh fu t 3 b e d ro o m , 7 b ath r hom e situated on a p o rk like a c re b o t i M a n y e x t r a s A n set- Fo r d erails a n d view ing. 
J47 41 IS A n ytim e 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

EDISON SCHOOLS 
IO m in fro m M e d ic a l C e n te r 
2 b lo c k s to the b us. 7 b e d ro o m s, I b a th , s in g le c o r q a r a g e 
O n ly 
SI/.SOO V A . P M A o r C on ve ntion al 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o-tSQl 
E N D O F Y E A R C L E A R A N C E ' 
B L V Y O U R S W I M M I N G P O O L 
N O W ' Located on a h igh c o rn e r lot pool equipped with a cove red patio a tta c h e d to a lo v e ly J b e d r o o m hom e with fire p la ce in den 
F u lly c a r p e t e d 
U n d e r $5o OOO 
C a ll 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs pl T R U S T 
F a n ta stic C A S T L E H IL L S location p lus 4 bedroom s, 3 full baths, 2 bv m g a re a s 
IOO 
B ric k 
Id eal split bedroom a rra n g e m e n t G re a t fa m i­ ly hom e within w a lk in g d istance lo elem entary school $6o,5oo 34? J?11 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Ye a 
■$24756 of T R U ST 
F I R E P L A C E 
This 3 bedroom b eauty is located on o tree c o v e re d lot in the 
C enter a rc o N ew carnet in livin g ro o m C o ll to d a y, th is w on I la s lo n g ' 6*4-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider R eotly 
F IR S T O F F E R I N G N E S C H O O L S 
W a lk to m id d le o n d e le m e n ta ry 
C h a rm in g hi location with huge oak trees. I bedroom s, 7b q lh s, seporote liv in g d in in g ro o m s, ce n tra l heel 
O k, priced low 3 o s tor quick sell 
874 3233 *26 7314. 12? 91o3 
Mazie Sale Hill, Realtors 

127 BEAL 
O ld e r n a m e w ith 3 b e d r o o m s 
J b a th s, liv in g d in in g f ir e p la c e 
Needs som e repair $19,5o6 
Lucille 
Bier tch w ole 
144 7341, 
3*4 554* 
B O S J O M E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
B E A U T IF U t C A R N E R in C A S T I E 
H I L L S E S T A T E S - p iu s L u x u r y 
H o m e 
4 B e d r o o m s 
4 b a th s the d ow nstairs m usic room a nd study c o u ld be m o th e > m lo w s u it * 
Sp acio u s form al and info rm al a re a s 
'deal tor fam ily livin g or entertain m g p ric e 
$<4/ ooo 
494 /est 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
RF A C T O R S 5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
B E A U f ( F U L 
4 I i in 
T W IN 
C R E E K 
H a s a p p lia n c e s c a rp e t rnru out. F I R E P L A C E 
L e s s than 
$ 1*oo to get in M U R R y i 
G re at A m e ric a R e a lto rs *9o t im 
S # A u t l F U l i t l i O 
O V E R S I Z E D c o m e r, c u sto m built rock estote 
7 7 den. u n u su a l features of valu e 
N S Scho o ls 174 4 5o7 

B I P 
6-5 Bt O R O O M H O M E S 
H illy w ood P o rk E tem Creek 
G oa t 
F l o e 
C ustom 
B u ild e rs 
713 62*1 

REALTY CO 

 tlEDRUUMS 
K l! 
Fo r the a rg * F a m ily Arr story with I OOO P I U S sa ti Of floor 
-p o re ' Wen located <n D re a m la n d 
O O *s C h u rch ill Hi a re a $49 /5o 
A BEAUTIFUL PARCEL 
Of p ro p e rty in OO * G le n P o r n c u sto m b u ilt j te a ro o m . I sta r 
One of o kind hom e 
7 95o sa ft 
S E F lf 
M I 34*1 nim s 7)5-17*7 
6*4 4154 
G E O R G E F L O O D Realtor 
R.E. AMERICA 

HST UT BOTH WORLDS can be yo u rs H om e o w n e rsh ip and no m a in te n an ce liv in g We h o v e J raver. C ondo s rn toe C h u rch ill and 
E isen ho w e r A re d P ric e d fro m JO lo 5o s 
A n J a r t o/ac tic atty am i a w a y s Can for derails.' 

 b e T w e 'I n m e 6 i t h < 5 o l A n 6 
U T S A J 2-7, app liant es. i d ' pet no dow n V A v o io n f m o ve today 
6*6 /42o W A V H I S L A T E R *74-612* loos BRICK 
J b e d r o o m , 2 tile p a t h f r e s h l y p ainte d new O 'f fin ish e d g o ro ue fo rm a t d in in g , b e a m e d d e n a n d sp u rio u s livin g A ss u m e $1/4 m o 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
6*9 *2 8 1 

H Y O W N E R 
3 beardo m , 3 b om 
B H O pit, p a t io w ith f o u n t a in b y 
C lin to n B o e r m a n n , la r g e m a tt e r su ite on ( ut d e SOC 
$3o ooo to r dup! 676 7164 

C A S T L E M IL L S L U X U R Y 
O ver 7)oo sd ft 4 7 2 with fam ily dining, living and b re a kfa st ro om s la rge deck patio b ig trees iu- • right tor la rge tom ily $71.75o 
O pen te rm s ' Lee H igh a re a ' 
344 5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 399) 

• CHARM AND STYLE • p e rs o n ify th is F r e n c h h o m e w ith su n k e n liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s 
L a rg e fireplace F a m ily room with e xp a n sive use of c r o ss Saltillo tile. beam ed ceiling J 2 
Su nshin e kit 
Chen 
O w ner le a v in g 
$6 ,5oo 
8/6 734/ 
Thelma B. Preissman 

C H A R M B E G IN S r.gm or Ihi-T-O ' • door U ltra attractive b u c k hom e On o a k t r e e d tot 
O f f e r in g f o r m a l 
(• v in o d in in g r o o m . d e n 
3 be d r o o m s 
2 D o m s y o u ll like the p rice ond location 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
444 5*7/ 

CHARTER OAKS 
M agnificen t single livin g or to w f ir e p la c e 
I B e d r o o m . 2 b o 1 
E ie g o n l 
B v 
Ow ner. 
56? SI 
696 1538 

CHURCHILL DISTRICT 
Castle H ills lu x u ry 4 b ed roo m s 2 oaths, den fire p lace pool. cukton dr aped T OO m a n y G oo d ie s to fro! 
C oil n o w ' • 
M a r n e M o rio n 364 2)41, 451 St 14 
• O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
C H U R C H I L L 
H I G H 
,o , > 
, 
F r e n c h s t y le h o m e w ith a m a r vetous m a ster suite d o w n sta irs 
* b ed room s u p sta irs R ich p aneling in th* study ond the firepioced lam iiy r o o m t o r m o l liv in g o n d d in in g ro om s polio B B G ' 
$74.oo* 
R E A L T O R S 
6*6 4*11 
Guy Chipman Co. 

C lT Y ~ C O N V f c N I| N C f 5 N O C IT Y 
T A X E S N ew 3 F 2 o n d 4 F ? A p p iio « e # s Q u ic k p o s s e s s io n v a 
F h A term s F irst p aym ent M a rc h 
6*4 742o W A T N E S L A T E R 344 *914 

 i r e l o l l IX 

COUNTRYSIDE(STUTE 
/ A cre s 5 3 p iu s m o ld s lo o n 
Fo r mot dining a nd livin g room s huge fa m ily r o o m w ith f ir e p la c e a n d m uch m ore C oll R o se lilly , R E A L 
TO R 34? 4274 b ile s 492 942) 
Arthur! BIARD 

CRAZY SHIRLEY 
MISSING 
W hen she first w alked into our office a n d w anted to b u y o J 2 2 h om e fo m ny room with a fn ep toce ga r den kitchen ga m e ro o m lo rp t m a s tor bedroom with a oeom ed ceiling s h o d e tr e e s, tik e n ew o n d in a 
N orthw est n eigh b o rho o d with high resole value, we catted her ir o / y e specially w hen she wanted it oil tor under 64o ooo We 
C ra jy Sh irle y isn t so c ra zy b ecause we found o borne w ith o il tho ! a n d it s o n ly 
$37,9oo 
Su re w ish we cauld iu d 

C e n tu r y 21 
C h a rle s Schn eid er 
4*4-776* 

F L A I R — E X E C U T I V E 
Beautiful, (ustorn built hom e, p res 
H o e N W a r e a , V a n c e J a c k s o n 
W u r r b o c n 
N S S i h oot D is t r ic! convenient to M e d ic a l C onter Fin cinema available 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC 
684-7.lt 
43) 1247 
4*9 6*44 
F L IP P E b O U T ’ W e were w hen we saw this excellent J b edroom hom e tor a m ea set y $25,ooo P lu sh carpet ga rd e n kitchen O pen term s 
R E D C A R P E T 
J42 I t l l 
R E A L T O R S 
6*6-567 7 

D E E R R U N C U L E B R A P A R K 
N u d ow n a n y o n e 
3 4 b e d ro o m s , som e app liances E I gudtrfy.ng 
272 9614 24 H r s 
T E R R A R E A L T Y 
D E E R R U N S I M b O W N A n y o n r 
Super clean I I I repointed inside and Oui. centr al heat arr h uge 
Pock yard, o nly $179 m onth 
344 5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2*9J 

O E L L V I E W A R E A i large bedroom s, knotty pm # den 
H O * m o p a y m e n ts 6 « in te re st 
119 95o Call Bob 
VAN BUREN I ASSOC 
*•4 7171 
344**93 
344 191* 

Babe bali. 

 fk S Off I ana 

 n cook top and entroi hear ana 
O a n 
F e n c e d 

 im# P a r ack 
S h a rp carpets Pun oven paneled den g ir. A s s u m e V A sngdy yard Vocal 
I i i m l S T E V E M A R T IN 735 6621 f o r e s t * : v t L i r .rod Orick ngm e w ith fo rm a t H y in g d in in g ro o m s ash on ne ted fam ily room pi us c g l o s s e d in S U N P O R C H W i t h 
T v t p l a c e i J b e d r o o m s . 2 , 
Oaths u uu fit , s ' 
$64 toe 
R E A L T O R S 
6*4 4611 
Guy Chipman Co. 

CUSTOM QUALtrY in fb i* J I J Bd o rrik nom # lo rg e 
Irv in g d in in g ro o m with fire p la ce . 
-••parole lorn,iy room and lovely an g lo ss garde n room $4/ (XX. 666-2766 
Tiff Bailey leal Estate 

DRIVIIW 
B e a u tifu l tree sh a d e d c o m e r lot with J bedroom / bath nom e T h is t$ o super clean hom e thai would be o p leasure to live in 
C all for m ore de faits 

144 62o7, 6 8 4-43 3o 
Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L TO R N W O F F IC E 

OELLVIEIN 
3 b e d ro o m 
I bath, n ic e sh o d v tent rd mf N ew po mr outside U nder 
STO OOO 
V ero M itier 344 2341, 144 (643 
• O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

(DREST OAKS SPANISH fc n io v the lo r g e c h i ld r e ' p layh ou se on this over s u e d tot v e ry b rig h t o p e n a n d a ir y p io n a ccom p an y this all b rick J bedroom hom e Reduced to $44,9oo 
C e n tu ry 21 
C ho rt* * Schneider 
4*4-7 2oo 
F O R E S * O A K S E S T A T E S 
TTmT 

 a re o Se po ro te d in in g ro om 3 d roo m s ootio B B G 1 
$56,566 
R E A L T O R S 
6*4-411! 
Guy 
Chipman goo. 

G R E Y F O R E S T 
T O T A L L Y U N IQ U E 3 tutor both hom e on a p p ro x 
I acrr side location with view Ore s t o lid '# * for e x p a n sio n and ating 517.5oo 
R E A L T O R 
< 

High 
I* POS 

C e n tu ry 21 
E l A IN *. L U D W IG A A SSO C 

OELLVIEW 
L a rg e J 2 updated hom e with m u «v e xtra s Close to W on de rland off De­ w hurst M u st see to o p p ' **ctate i an fo r a p p o in tm e n t 
B u ilt in ste re o system is lust one of m ony bo luxes 
R E A L t o r J49 l \ ? l fides M i 727b 
Arthur E. BIARD otuyiiw 
L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , t barn, tor a e den tented, term s open 
M O -*?** 
*64 5/6* 
341 6566 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

HANDYMAN’S DREAM 
7 bedroom 2 bath. g a ra g e opt 
*26 6645 
724 1744 
736-4117 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 

 h T T T i b l i N T R Y v T L L A G E 
C ou n try livin g on 7 5 oak covered a c re s I b e d roo m s I b aths ext# lent tor h o rse s 
C all tor detod 
341 44*4 
R E D C A R P E T h O l l V W 6 6 6 ~ X A * k Am ple sp ate for tom dy .lying in this 21/4 s a lt 
4 l l F ire p la c e built m s in fa m ily ro o m l a rg e se p a ra te m a ste r be d roo m d re ssin g ro om M a n y other e xtra s 4*4-5221 A N Y T IM E 
R E D C A R P E T f f R N t f f f 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

 o u t s t a n d i n g c o n t * m p o r 
A R Y S H O W C A S E I ? sin g le tty m g a re a with fire p la ce a nd wet bar 
R educed lo sell 

M O V I N G N E E D S 
T O 
S E L L 
Sp acio u s Sp an ish ? story 4 Dem nom hom e over 26oo sa ft G re at plan for tdr»e fam ily 

H E A T E D F O O L L o v e ly 4 2 w ith huge gam */ o om , e xtra slur a a * ana shop 

L A R G E O L D E R H O M E on corner. toads at possibilities. 3 2 7 w ith extra c arp ort and se p arate shop 

W E E K E N D G A R D E N E R 
Th is I ) nom e on I ocre h a s fertile ye geld hie garde n ultra m o de rn kitchen. study, fireplace 
C A L L 4 6 4 -S2 2 7 
A rm strong Co. 
H o lly w o o d IForfe B y o w n e r 
3 7 i with study, /OxJO cathedral ceiling den, h uge g a rd e n kitch e n L a r g e g a n ja *, fenced $62,5oo 494 oo4? 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
R e d u c e d to $4/,5oo, lo v e ly 3 be d room s, 2 b aths brick hom e L iv in g o n d d in in g c o m b in a t io n f a m ily room . F lo n d o room 341 77o1. nites 
494 7656 O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

Ho1LYWGoD PARK 
R e du ced i All b ric k on an a c re of big oaks. 3 2-study fireplace-air. 
G E kitchen-carpefs-d rap es, polio 
V acant-low taxes-low p rice 54* SOO 
W H M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494-4644 

HOME PLUS 1.7 ACRES in V e rd e H ills H u g e se p ara te din m g room , 15x2b livin g room . 15x2o with den with tire p loce P r ic e d to m ove quickly 
*24-23*1 (A n y tim e ) 
Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S , 1142 A U S T IN M W Y . 
H O N E Y M O O N C O T T A G E w ith ? bedroom s, livin g room . fom ity room w ith f r e e s t a n d in g t ir e p lo c e . 
W a il to w a ll c a rp e tin g , w ell kept and cozy O nly $19,5oo C all 494 /651 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 
I D E A L H O M E to r T H A T O V E R 
F L O W T R A F F I C O F F A M I L Y o r 
G U E S T S 
The e xtra ro om is 2o x 
/o$. a lso la rg e fa m ily ro o m with tire p lo c e p lu s t o r m o l liv in g a n d d ining M aster b ed room with sittmq areo is u hone* L a o d s of trees ond sp rinkle r sy ste m 
874 o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a r s of T R U S T 
Ideal Rental Property 
I lo se to St M o r y s U n iv e r s it y b e d roo m , I b oth hom e, stove, re tr ig e ra to r arid w in d o w a ir con d 
G o n e r s t a y 
F H A a p p r a i s e d at 
$1o,5oo 
For vie w in g coll 342-41 15 
A nytim e 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

IE YOU WAIT until 1977, this one m a y be said Th 
3 bedroom hom e in the G re e n b ria r 
A r e o is p o sitiv e ly im m a c u la te huge bock yard, a nd p ric e d in low 
2o's 
34* S i l l ac 349 43*1 A n ytim e 

INSPIRATION DR 
A ll b ric k 3 b e d ro o m . 7 bath. new c e n tra l a ir, new c orp e t, o n d newl roof $79,5oo 
■ ■ 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
6*9 *2o1 
IN T E R IO R B R IC K W A L L 
F o re st O a k s location, J-2-2. onus multi level hom e with interior b rick w o n and fireplace in tom ily room 
H u o e p riv o c y fenced y a rd 
U ndei 
54o,ooo 
C e n t u r y 21 
C h a rle s Schn eid er 
4*4 7/o6 

84 321 iud To a ss s od you need to a ssu m e the v a ooh on this J b ed roo m 2 both, do ole g a ra g e hom e on a la rge cut de lu r lot C o n v e n ie n t to U T S A a n d 
M edical Center It m a y be I 9 
}ld, but it lo o k s b r a n d s p a n k in g new In the 3o's 
349-5111 o r 349-4343 A n ytim e 

IT W A R M S T H E 
HEARTH!! 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th t r o d il styled hom e in H I D D E N F O R E S T A beautiful W oodburn rag tirepia e ac cents the a ra c e a na c h a rm cd this rain ily h om e 
To see th is venine please cat! 
C all 34* 1436 A n ytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C R C A e T O R S 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A a c ro ss strn from h igh school, 2-Story rock, will n e e d r e m o d e lin g , c o u ld he J t> d ro o m s 34oo sa ft horn* or 4 ut apl P ric e d to sell, call no cr 
H U G H E S 9 B R IS C O E 
*26-43)1 
R E A L T O R S 
423-3*7* 

Mear Edison SPARKLING 
3 bedroom , la rge den or 3rd 5ox14o freed lot O n ly $13,5oo V A a p p ra ise d 
341-445$ 
N I T E S 433-185* 
UIELRJARNIBEY 
N E A R H O L M E S H IG H S C H O O L 4 b edroom s, 2 baths, only $3oo down. 
$259 p er m o n t h 
N o C r e d it ? N o p roblem ! F irst paym ent, M a rc h 
92? 17o6 
P A T M C V E Y 
674-2523 

NEAR JEFFERSON m a c u la t e 3 b e d r o o m . 2 b o th hom e that h a s w oll-to w all c a rp e t­ ing throughout. Sp ac io u s a nd on a d e sira b le lot von w ill fin d this < p n r t i c u l o i l y a t t r a c t i v e h o m e 
$37,5oo Nites. 696 3158 
828 *241 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
N E A R M A R S H A L L 
S T Y L I S T C O N T E M P O R A R Y I be d r o o m s , 2 b oth , w ith la r g e fire p la ce d liv in o a re a, sp ilt b e d ro o m plan. In su p erior condition $41,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n tu ry 21 
E L A I N E L U D W IG A A S S O C 
N E E D E X T R A S P A C E ? L o r a n bedroom , all b ric k hom e, c ove re d p atio o nd b e a utiful y a r d C o n v e ll rent to M e d ica l Canter, U S A A a n a 
Datapoint $42,5oo 4*472oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schn eid er Realty 
N E W L Y W E D S 
O L D / - 'W E D S 
I b ed room cottage n o s L A R G E livin g o n d fam ily ro o m s 
:»*perote utility! iroom Fe n ce d y a rd 
I 
$16,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
6*6-481 
Guy Chipman Co. 

N O 
C I T Y 
T A X E S 
N o r t h s i d e schools, red e co rated J b e d ro o m s 
Stove. refriQ. air, go ru g e N o dow n 
$2/5 to m ove in. 1st pm t in M a rc h 
4*4 742o W A Y N E S t A T E R 344 o*36 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
Su pe r H i , huge den with fireplace p lu s living cove red patio, fantastic yard, p riv a c y fence Cut to $4o,9oo 
A ssu m e or new loan 
O V E R A N A C R E 
E xce p tio n a l p rop erty out B a n d e ra 
R d F u lly carpeted 3-2' t i , big den a n a livin g H uoe cove red oaho, lots of trees N o City taxes. L a r g e dow n a n d a ssu m e or new loon 
C O U N T R Y E S T A T E 
Off H o u sm o n R d n eor U T S A on I o c res 4 3 
2 H eated pool 
Tennis c ou rt o nd h o rse ru n O w n e r iro n s ten od 
M u st sell List of e xtra s in office. Coli T O D A Y ' 
C e n tu ry 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
3417115 
R E A L T O R S 

H om e ond b u sin e ss under one roof 
2 d o o r s off F r e d e r i c k s b u r g Rd. 
Zoned B-3. O w ne r re a d y to m ove - 
M a k e otter 
L ucille 
B ie rsc h w a ic 
344-2341. 
344* 5‘>49 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

YOUNG EXECUTIVE 
This im m aculate 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e bos everyth in g, fam ily room , with fireplace, 2 car ga rage , wood ed yard, o v e rsiz e d utility room plus it is close to U S A A , D A T A P O IN T 
A N D M E D I C A L C E N T E R ' 
349-434) 349-SI l l A n ytim e 

Beanie Owens Ce. 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
S H A V A N O P A R K 
Out of town ow ner cut pi ice below o p p ro iso l on this lo rge 2 story on Ax o cre of trees. Fu lly carpeted. 4 2-2, den with fireplace, living, office and utility O nly $61,ooo. 
W O N D E R L A N D A R E A 
N o rth e a st sc h o o ls tor this G re e n b ria r 
1 sto ry Den and living, lo rge trees, only $35,ooo 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
C u s t o m b u ilt a m o n g a fo re s t of o a k s. 3 2 l/?-2, la r g o d e lu x e sin g le liv in g a re a hom e. All the go o d ie s a n d only $69,9oo A m u st se e ' 
C e n tu ry 21 
W hitehead -H olid ay 
684 37!t 
R E A L T O R S 
S O M E T H I N G S P E C I A L is an un d erstotem ent w hen d e sc rib in g this spectacular hom e One lo rge livm q a re a with vaulted open beam ceiling o n d f ir e p la c e , t o r m o l d in in g s p a c io u s b e d ro o m s, c o u n try size k itc h e n w ith p re tty b u llt-in s o n d toad s of c a b in e ts. P re tty c a rp e t 
M a n y trees, side e n try a u to m a tic j u ' age, plenty of room for boot See this before you buy. M in t condition! 
494 7651 A N Y T IM E . 

S T A R T H E R N E W Y E A R O F F 
R I G H T - 
B U Y 
H E R 
A M I K E 
K IN D E R H O M E ! 6*6-»339 

SWIMMING POOL 
ANO TENNIS! 
2 a c r e s in H I D D E N F O R E S T E S 
T A T E S , 6 b ed roo m s, 4 baths, true m aster suite with fireplace Q uality built th ro u g h o u t L a r g e o n d com oletetv e qu ip p ed kitch en $177,ooo 
Nites, 494 2163 
4*4 7711 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

T B IR O V illa ge N o Dow n 
Fenced 4 2 2, air, inst repainted inside, only $244 m onth, coll 
344-5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 

I TIRED OF CITY LIVING? 
Se e th is st o n e o n d c e d o r h o m e lo cate d on a lm o st o n o c r e 
3 be droom s, 2 baths, tom ily room with fireplace Just m inu te s ow o y from the city, but c lo se e n o ugh for con ve m e n ce sc h o o ls o n d sh o o p in a 
$45,9oo N iles, 492 1113 6*1 1222 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
• T W IN C R E E K - N O D O W N '* 
A n yo ne P lu sh 4-2-2. fireplace, car pet th ru out, a ir o n d m o re ! O n ly 
$39,275! C oll tor details! 
222 9616 24 H r s T E R R A R E A L T Y 

UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
L o v e ly new hom e located in F re n c h 
C re e * with over 19oo sa ti T h is 3 b edroom hom e fe ature s e xtra o -n e m aster bedroom , fam ily room wltti fire p la c e , c o th e d a i c e ilin g s a n d m o n y built ins. C all todov. you can still pick out al! colors 
684-433o 344-62o7 

UNIVERSE HILLS im m a c u la te 3 b e d roo m . 2 bath, livin g a re o hom e B uilt a ro u n d O ok 
Treed court yo rd U n d sr $45,ooo 
C all 349-1436 A n ytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C . R E A L T O R S 

UNIVERSITY PARK 
W a lk to St 
M a r y s U 
2 b e d ro o m h o m e w it h lo r o e c o v e r e d a n d sc re e n e d patio A tta ch e d g a r a g e 
U nder $15,ooo M o v e in a u ick ly On 
T e x o s A v e 
R E A L T O R 349 112 nites 34 1 722o 
M u ir E. BIARD 

OAK GLEN PK NEISD 
L o v e ll lu xu ry 3-7 2. fireplace heal ed pool separate living, dm ir-g jn d tom ily ro o m s 23oo sa ft Exce llen t a re a N I T E * 453 413* north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S M I S r t i t 5634 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
H igh on hilt neat M e d ica l C om plex 
L a r g e fu lly c a rp e te d 3 2 2 F ir e p lace in den, m a n y e x tra s 
This 4 ye ar Old hom e only $4o 9oo 
C O R N E R B E A U T Y 
A ll ro ck in J e ffe rso n a re a L iv in g ro o m 15x3o p lu s d e n 
3 2 2 
B ig t re e * w o rk sh o p o n d b ig g a r a g e 
C entral o b Low 4o's 
F O R E S T O A K S A R E A 
E x t r a sto ro a e a re a o n d cute su n ro o m a d d to v a lu e of th is lo v e ly 
> / 2 Den and living, att for $36,9oo 
Low interest and paym ent 
C e n tu ry 21 
W hiten ead-Hotiday 
♦ M J 7 I1 
R E A L T O R S 
O A K H IL L S T E R R A C E 
C H A R M 
C O M F O R T - V A L U E 
N E A R M E D I C A L C E N T E R 
5635 C ha rlie C han, sp a cio u s i i i b ig fam ily room F o rm o t liv in g drainu 
Q uick P o sse ssio n 
IN T H E 54o S 
734 o615, 696 o437, 6*9 46 t) 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R . R to itoi 
O F F S A N P E D R O 
I block to b u s 3 bedroom J b aths den A ssu m e $174 m o /.'uke offer N o q uu iitying 
6*6 762o W A Y N E S L A T E R 349 927* 
O F F W E S T A V E N U E 
N ic e 7 De d room , llv m o d in in g c o m b o $i4oo e q u it y o s s u m e 
I H I m o 
N o q u o u tr in g $14,9oo C h a r le s W a tts 
R e g ' Estate. /J? 291*. 71? 5355 
O W N E R S E I 
S E L L ' 
M a k e offei on tow equity l l t in 
F o re st M ills P a y m e n t’ $7o? M O V E 
IN 
T O N IT E ' 
675 1691 
*74 4*99, 
623 572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

O W N E R W IL L F I N A N C E 
N ic e I b ed roo m h ou se with fe nced y o rd 
$77oo 923 4327, V24 196* 
Ronald W illlo im on 

J E F F E R S O N B R IC K 
3 b ed roo m s. 2 b a th s liv in g d in in g 
'd o m s p lu s den b e a utiful dr a g e s qed carp ets E xce llen t condition 
M a rn e H orton 344 2)41. 65) 5*34 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

K E Y G R O U P 
L A R G E C H O IC E C O R N E R rat 
• 
H o lly w o o d P a r k a p p r o x 
2oo ft deep, over 5o ook trees m a n y large 
L o t m o stly c o v e r e d w ith c a rp e t g iu s s $11 
CqM 4V4 
LEON VALLEY a tap location that h a s the w arm th a na friendly hospitality one expects to find tn a fine C alifo rnia h a m * 4 b ed roo m * fam ily room e lu s m ony e xtra s P ric e d rn m id 4o s 
349 4343 349 S ilt A n ytim e 
Bernie Owens c l 
L IK E N E W 1-2 2 H uge single h yin g u re a with fireplace. ’! b r u t with tats of cat pet m ages! eauity, 
3414484 

S E D 
C A R P E T 

L U X U R Y d 2 2 F I R E P L A C E 
C ustom ized IOO", t r ic k sp ot .auk livin g area. m o de rn kitch en with triple w indow M a t tot sa cabin els, pantry, se p ara te utility ro om finished dbl# g a ra g e with sto rage area. tally carpeted, a ir 
23* 275 N O D O W N A n y o n e ' 
344-3364 M a rl M c C ur m ick 444-2993 

O W N E R W IL L T R A D E 

 w ill Buy you on# Of Hie finest h em e s in H ollvw oe d P a rk 
A L L B R I C K 4 sp a cio u s bedroom s, en a la rge let, 
Fto rid o room , liv in g a n d se p ara te dining, targe den with c o rn e r tire p la c e A k itch e n o n v w o m a n w ill a m a y , e x p e n s iv e c a r p a in e a n d d ra p e s P L U S a M a in te n a n c e P r e * p o o l' 341 7261, R E A L T O R S 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
PARK FOREST 
B Y O W N E R 
4 I J, ( othednj! livin g o r# a la n d s cap ed and fenced C orn e r lot with sto ra g e b u ild in g a nd p atio b a r be que 4*2 3432 Atter I 

PLUS FEATURES 
G ue st house, court y a rd o d io ce nt ic m ain hom e large tor mot d in in g a n a livin g room s, with Saltillo tile F ire p la c e t in liv in o ro am a n a m a ste r b edroom M o rse stalls to the rear at p ro p e rty A p p r o x im a t e ly 2 a c r e * with m ore land available Coll for appointm ent 
4 S 8 -3 S 3 S A n y t im e 

 n r a ii P m ? " 

IT S E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A O 228-1666 

W alk to the elem entary school from this beautifully keot. 3 b ed room bath. 2 car g a r a g e h om e w ith its g r a c io u s liv in g ro o m o iu s d in room ond den A o rtv a cy fence en closes lovely b a c k y a rd of p each rind plum trees E n io v a lot of hom e tor 
$33 ooo 34? 32)1 A N Y T I M E 

^ H OM B— SOUTH WIST 

KW THI NEW YEAR large family home m Adoral HH!. 4 bedrooms, 2 boths with double oorttqe, fully rwpeted and loaded 
OFI ii TERMS 
THIS IMMACULATE 
3 bedroom, f 'A both bos lust been freshly pointed Immediote morein with [OW. LOW equity A bargain buy in Westwood Village 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
HODSDON A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP INC. 

Z Z Z Z ZZ ZZZZZZZZ7ZZZZZZZ 
D O N 'T S L E E P T IL L Y O U S E E this sm a ll 2 bed room , off B lanco. O n ly 
$375 d o w n , p a y m e n t s o n ly $12o 
675 1691, 674 48o9, 623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

HOMES— SOUTHEAST)<S> 

HIGHLANDS 
Custom built, overlooking the city. 3 spacious bedrooms, 2 all tiled boths, formol and infmmol dining room with corner fireplace. Shag carpets, central oil and heat 
Too mony features to mention Call today! 
ONLY $16,2oo 
3 bedrooms, ? baths, Hying room spacious family room, woll ta wall corpet, parti like yard Assume or refinance Coll Us!! 

DELLCKEST 
Just reduced! Brick, T'/r both, large livino room, corpet, heot ond ow freshly painted Terms. Call to See!!! 
HAPfV MIW YEAR TO AU OUR 
WIf NOS ANO CUSTOMERS! 
532-524S rah** 333-3988 
FOWERS 

LOTS OF SP A C i for the money! 4 bedroom ? both, huqe master suite, separate inure and fomily rooms. Assume 6 '/i POT note or Blit NO DOWN VA on open teems, a1 $25,SOO 
IDEAL FOW THE T O U N G 
Starters. 3 bedroom, I bath with garage, central orr-heat, nice shad­ ed lot ond older home with nice set­ ting. VA at appraised at S2o.ooo 
BUT NO DOWN Move in today* 

6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C . 
KEY GROUP INC. 

C A S H , sm a ll I b e d ro o m h o m e in excellent condition L a r g e lot. call now. K in g sb o ro u g h a re a 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5597 
CONVENIENT 
To S e cw rity a n d K e lly . L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b o th s. lo r g e fe n c e d y a rd E a s y term s. A ssu m e or refin once Will trode 
532-5231 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 

C U L - D E - S A C 
A ss u m e $163 mo. p ay m e n ts, 2-1 J extra la rge room s, all opplionces. 
VAN BUREN I ASSOC 
684-7171 
344-1o89 
699 oo#6 
E A S Y E A S Y - E A S Y Q u a lifyin g' 923o 
Silve r A rro w 3 b edroom s, 2 boths, go ro g e , c en tra l heot, a ir, b u rg la r bors, la rge yard, fenced ond lots of b ric k 
W o n 't lo st' Al M en d ez. N o tional P rop e rtie s 434-o623. 

HIGHLAND HULS 
Im ty 7 h k m «. I VV hark Hmm W k 
M ptnit /limy. HW. nam tn t g o . 
'n il ox Mix ft xix* tx!. Hurry Mt 1#4«1 
93o HOT WELLS 
Itiriy 2 M rtra . rwk fraxt Hm m aitk 
Mini* rv«x, fti kurmty ftrtylxt. rtrytl tx* «trt Ct* to 4t!vi» 
PRICE REDUCED xx A h I ' I Avra to tim 3 kxWxra, lit 

 int 24 toto hxwlxxf 41o Cxllix4xy 
PALM HGTS. tfxuxxi 2 11 awk mm m 

532 325J 337-4843 4*4 5571 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 
WAXuftlD REALTORS 

*6 )9 F I V E F O R K S 4 b e d ro o m s, ? baths, 2-cor ga rage . $4,9oo eauity. 
$283 mo. Call 
I N T E R S T A T E 87* o755 til 8 pm 
H A R L A N D A L E 
A R E A 
L o r g e o ld e r sty le ro c k h o m e w ith ? be d roo m s, 2 both s o nd den. C lo se to sc h o o ls , s h o p p in g o n d b u s. B u y equity ond a ssu m e . 
923-4327. 
6261777 
R o n a ld W illia m so n 

I 

A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A 
Beoutitul 3-I 2, in E a stw o o d V illa ge 
O n ly $5oo d o w n , p a y m e n t s $16o 
H U R R Y " 
675 1691 
674-48o9 
673 o352 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

% AC CHINA GROVE 
B rick . 3-2-4. den. fireplace 
Central 34’ co ve re d patio, pecan 
*2*-o665 
736-1766 
534 4439 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 

A S S U M E B E A U T I F U L 4 b ed room 
2 bath, tom ily room , lo rge kitchen ond din in g room 
D etocned apl rea r with g a ra g e a n d w o rksh op , low eauity, close In. lust oft P re sa. 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
*24 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
3 3 *9 3 5 * 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
N o d ow n p a y m e n t to a n yo n e . $7o clo sing cost, 3 4 b ed roo m s, 7 baths, so m e w ith an a nd oil a pp lia n c e s. 
P a y m e n ts less than rent 
5)2 5251 B O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
3 Bed room s, paneled kitchen, livin g ro om o n d d in in g ro om , will le ave drapes, re frigera tor stove, o nd air c o n d it io n e r s (22.5oo B T U 's a n d 
4,5oo B T U 's ) A co u stic al ceiling o nd c a r p e t in g t h r o u g h o u t h o u s e . 
M c C re le ss A re a C all 533 99*7 Atter 
6pm w e ekd ays, oil d ay Sot-Sun 
54*oo C A S H , la rge older hom e near b u s o nd sh o p p in g G o b v 411 B el m oot o nd coll us 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-6331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 935* 

C O R N E B O L D E R B E A U T Y 
O r i g in a l, c u s t o m c o n d it io n 
3 1-2-F incom e 
E o s y te rm s or 
$24,ooo 
VAN BUREN I ASSOC 
534-5451 
684-7t7t 
*9 * i>«66 
144 E P A L F R E Y N ew ly red e co r ated. 3 b ed room , t’ j baths, V A or 
F H A te rm s O n ly $17,5oo 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
333-4144______________ N ile s 333 6143 
H I G H L A N D H I L L S 
E x t r o n ice bedroom with 15x3o’ den carpeted 
Attached g a ra g e Be su re to see this one 923 4327, 924 7922 
RonoLd W illiam son 

 feqrs of T R U S T 
W E S T A V E A r e o t le o n $ l~ *V o dow n no go d titvln o ' E q u ity C A S H ! 
Sa ve $3oo. good size ro om s! C h a Ul­ lin* F e d e ra l P ro p e rtie s 734 6616 
W E S T W O O D V I L L A G E A R E A i bedroom s, n ic e ' O nly $7oo down, 
$165 m o nth 
N o C r e d it ’ N o p ro b tem ' F irst paym en t M o rc h 
922 1786 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 7523 

WHISPERING OAKS 
A t tr a c t iv e a ll b r ic k s in g le liv in g a r e a 3 7 7 h o m e s it t in g o n o beautifully wooded lot L a rg e isla n d kitchen, fire p la ce in fa m ily ro om 
Redw ood deck 
$63,9oo. nit#* 
497 91o7 
344-3o7* 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
M M Q U P . 
WHISPERING OAKS 
* Pedroom 
I both spilt level an o beoutitul oak shaded loco bon. F o r m oi livino bad din in g fam ily roam , fire p la ce a n d o se p a ra te d m a ster b e d r o o m 
Q u ic k o c c u p a n c y ! 
Ski 9oo N ile s 342 2947 34>-4177 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

WHISPERING OAKS 

SH O W H O M E Split level 3 7 . with oak shaded deck, h uge o om e roo m . wet bar, electronic kitch en b e a u ­ tifully lan dscap ed 
C A L L 4 9 4 5227 
A rm strong Co. 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S I sto ry 4 bed. 
..a u ra te liv ra * d ra in * ro am sp rm kler. extra s $7$,OOO 492 9373 
W H IS P E R IN G O A K S — 5 S p a c io u s b edroom s, J ’ . beautiful boths. for m a l living, se p a ra te d in in g room 
A m o n g the m o ny e xtra s intercom . built in*, wet bor,' P e rfe ctly m ara tamed O w ne r anxious. C all 174-o171 
A N Y T IM E 

W ID E . O P E N S P A C E S ..rn o lovely rock hom e with a g ra n d tireploce in the l i v in g a r e a 
M r a n d M r s walk rn closets In o fabu lou s m aster suite (J b e d roo m s in all). M a n y e xtras! 
$63.o*o 
R E A L T O R * 
364 )o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

W IN D W O O D E S T A T E S 
Oft im IO Tw o to id oslic horr.es. both t ye o rs old, 2 . a c re * ane 3 2 2, one 
4 .ira Both luny carpeted both with forge fam ily ro o m s a nd brick fire glaces lf you wont out at the city, see these' 
J U * T P E R F E C T in an resp ect* L a y ! a nd pride have kept this 3 b ed room 7 both like new 
C entral air g a ra g e door opener AM b u ilt - in * p lu s b ig t r e e s 
A ll fo r 
$79 VOO a nd wots to Hull I lek Hi 
L A U R E L K IL L S 
N ear U S A A C ustom fully carpeted 
3-2 2 V e ry unu su al a nd livable plan 
Firep lace in cozy aen A m ust see at 
$59 9oo 

 c m t H 
P f J i 

“ I.S i ? * _________________ » * * L T O E S 
WONDERLAND AREA 
F g r a W o n d e r f u l p la c e to liv e . 
W O N D E R L A N D R f A l E S T A T E 
Stew art Title B ld g O pen thro wreak 
36) 9336 or 3*2 59)7 

H IG H L A N D S 
S W I M M I N G P O O L ! T h is io v e lv 
1 1 1 f e a t u r e s a 31x18 p o o l w ith d re ssin g a re a a n d p u m p h ou se P ol tv carpeted, o nd you m a y use your 
V A $3o,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
C e n tu ry 21 
E L A I N E L U D W IG A A S S O C 

H i s t o r ic K i n g W i ll ia m A r e a 
The dow ntow n resident com m u nity 
R E S T O R A T IO N S IN C R E A L T O R S 
____________ 
224-4475 
26o L O T U S See this nice I -I I. neorl 
W heatley H igh 
N o dow n V A C oll today 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
3)3 *164_______________ N ile s $34 SOM 
M C C O L L U M H I A R E A I Or D O ssJ blo 5 b edroom 7 bath, den, cove red p a tio 8 o ‘« b r ic k , lo r g e o a k a n d pecan trees $26 5oo 924 74*1 otlerl 
4 3 o g m H 
N IC E 3 I I h om e off W W W hitel corp#!, drahw usher V A P M A 
H E 
■ ■ ■ H 
O 
A 
I P P * A L T Y 64* o44* 
333o L.i 
I C R E G 
N O C R E D I T C H E C K 8 4 6 B a ile y near D e v e rs! 2 b ed roo m s, separate dining, g o r o g e ' Law E a u ity * M u st s e ll t h is w e e k e n d 
N o t io n a 
P rop e rties 434 o623 

P A S A D E N A H E IG H T S 
Lik e n e w 1 3 bed room s, redecorat ed O n ly $2oo dow n, S169 m onthly 
N O C R E D I T ” N O P R O B L E M 
97/1786 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 2523 
P L E A S A N T O N R O A R E A 
O ld e r J b e d r o o m h o m e , la r g e fenced kit with pecan trees 
O nly 
$17,5oo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 16*1 
34*7 SO O L IV E 
SH OO equity a n d m ove in this 4 2-7, central heat a ir na Q ualifying C an today 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
333-4144 
N ite s 333-4143 

? i 6 
W i l l i s s i i t i n i w m 

HEWT8RF FARM 
L o r g e 3-7 home, My (no o n d lo m tlv ro o m s, p r iv a c y fe n c e d v o id o n d c ove red patio, term s. 4*6-3746 
TBH Bailee Half (etal* 
H E R I T A G E F A R M 3 b e d ro o m . 2 both, double c ar g a ra g e in this nice hom e L iv in g a n d d in in g c o m b in e lion, se p orote tom ily room , b rea k fast nook ond bor. 17X39 ft patio 
1465 sq ft of livin g area. E a u ity odd ossum e. 675-71S2 
R E D C A R P E T ind ian C re e k-V olle y Hi A re a 
N o dow n onyone. 52o total d o s in g 
C hoose from se v e ra l 3-4 b e d roo m s opplionces, air, Isl pm t M o r c h '77 
222-9616 24 M rs. T E R R A R E A L T Y 
J U S T L IS T E D 
12x6o Stratford M o b ile H o m e on o la rg e w ooded lot in a c o u n try set ting, K elly L a c k la n d are g, excellent valu e at SU ,5oo 
699 H J J 
R E A L T O R S 
?35-78t? 
R E P C A R P E T 
L A C K L A N D C I T Y 4 b e d ro o m , both, sin gle c a r g a ra g e in this love 
Iv h o m e 
S e p a r a t e fa m ily ro o m centro! air-heat, carpeting, 14x1? It oatto re frige ra to r, woter softener a nd B B Q grill E a u ity and a ssu m e 
675715? 
R E D C A R P E T 
L A C K L A N D 
K E L L Y A R E A 
Redecorated 3 bedroom , only Si Jo dow n. S149 m o n th ly . S in g le s a n n 
M ilita ry can a u a lify ! 
972 ITo4 
P A T M C V E Y 
474-2523 
L O W E Q U I T Y IN H E R I T A G E 
F A R M 3 1 1 w it h m o n y t r e e s sh ru bs, (low ers, a n d all a pp lia nces 
See this one todov! W on t lost lo n g ' 
434 2341 
R E D C A R P E T 

Move III KOW* 
Sp a c io u s 3 b e d ro o m . 2 both Tow n h om e w ith all a p p lia n c e s , tots o* carpet, central atr heat Low eauitv 
Total p rice $24,275 F o r details a nd 
Viewing, call 673-5o83 A N Y T I M E 
WORLD WIPE REALTY 

N E A R 
H A R L A N D A L E 
H I G H 
S C H O O L N ice 3 bedroom , separate- dram a, detach ed g o ro g e a n d slot age $15 OOO 923 4327. 924 1835 
Ronald W illiam son 
N E A R L A S P A L M A S N o S dow n 
• b e d ro o m s 
7 b a th s, o n ly $12,475 
F ir s t o y m t M o r c h 
77! N a t io n a l 
P rop e rtie s 
434o623 
(Se h ablo 
E sp a n o l) 

N e a r Sto n e w a ll E le m 
N ic e J b r droom corn er lot Si 1,ooo 
*24-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
H 
N E A R V A L L E Y H I M A L L 
J bedroom s. 2 both B E A U T Y ! O nly 
5/oo d o w n , $ 1 79 m o n t h ly . N O 
C R E D I T ? N O P R O B L E M ! 
*22 1786 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 75 7. 

I NO CITY TAXES on th is z b e d ro o m . 2 bath, 2 c a ' a ro g e h om e 
N orttroide sc h o o ls iring your refrigerator ond set ut> 
O u se ke e p in g M o d e st e a u ity o n o m ove in ' Coil 673 SOC) A N Y T I M E 
WM Jiff IMW 
O F F W E S T C O M M E R C E 323 P a ” side. j bedroom s. I bath oil brick 
See it todov sm a ll d o w n 
C a ll A ' 
M endez. 
N ational 
P r o p e rt y 
434 o623 
R E C E N T L Y M A R R I E D ’ 
Excellent starter nom e 3 b ed room c e n tra l h eat a ir, ra n g e , c o v e r e d patio Close to L o c k la n d and Kelly 
N o dow n to V ets ond A ctive Duty 
$19 OOO Nites coll Bill 696 7*76. 
C E N T U R Y 21 xeTiy L a c kla n d Reulty 
674 l ? n 
V A L L E Y M I 
B A R G A I N 
I " be d r o o m *. o o o iia n c e s a o r a g e . no dow n p aym en t 
L a st one w ith *2o closing cast 
*96 74/o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 *936 
V A L L E Y H I N O R T H 
L o r g e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e 
7 b o th acuate go ro g e Fe n ce d lot with ioH of trees C all t o d a y ' 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14*1 
W A L K T O L A C K L A N D ) B A C K 
G A T E 3 b ed room s, 7 b ath s N oih rag dow n 525o c lo sin g cost 
F ir * * paym ent in M o rc h 
696 747o W A Y N E S L A T E R 6*4-416* 

W E S T W O O D V I L L A G E 
( n e t tio n a l 3 b e d r o o m 
I b ath , Ig r g t fa m ily ro a m , c a r p e t in g th ru o u t 
7114 
W estport 
W a y 
A ssu m e O' ret (nonce letter View lee. 7328157 

A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A 
R A IN B O W H IL L S , 3 J I, new oarat, o n ly 125o d ow n. p a y m e n t s $22o 
675 1691. 673 572o 674 4*o9 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
A B A R G A IN IN I N D IA N C R E E K 
O nly $134 m a C ozy J bed rm s, can t air heat O nly $2o lo m o ve in 
496 747o W A T N E S L A T E R 6 / 4 X IJ * 

ABOUT $2o a sh you will nei is oil the cash you w ill need, a nyo n e can Quality 3-4 b ed roo m s 2 baths, som e with air a nd a p p lia nces first p aym ent M a r c h 77 
SJR i i i ! R O B D e P A O L O R E A L T O R 
BARGAIN HUNTERS liw ra rn GeWtoP 
2 bedroom , com pletely ren o vated c o n v e n ie n t to b u s s c h o o ls , a n d sh o p p in g can te rs E a s y term s, M u st see to appreciate 
F R A N K R 
G O N Z A L E S . V ea lie r*. 
885-8911___________________________ 

Ii - ret xii U m h I o r '* ft p E ii ti I 

Lo v e ly 7 bed room I oath hgrRfe with 
I co r g a ra g e N ew ly refin ishe d in­ side a ud oui N ear Se a rs Southside 
D O N T M I S S T H I S O N E 
C o n 
67} 5o83 A n ytim e 
WORLD WIDE BIA! TY 
3 B E D R O O M , J bath g a ra g e conv to lo rge fam ily room with fire p lace 
M a n y m a re e xtra s P ric e $3o.aug 
C e n tu ry 21 
R R R A N S O M R E A L T Y 473 7781 
3 B E D R O O M , I B o th , S c r e e n e d 
P o rc h G ood B u s in e s s E x p o su re 
G E O R G I S M IT H R E A L T Y 974 5174 
B E H I N D F E O M A R T 
N ic e 3 be d room s, 2 b ath s $149 m o A n y Vet m o ue s in with S2S6 F irst paym en t in M a rc h 
4*6 7428 W A Y N E S L A T E R 684-616* 

W E S T W O O C . ' l u A G L S U P K"et 
• U Y ! ' 3 b e d ro o m s tivl- a room , dinrao room and huge fom ity room 
$19,ooo with no dow n V A C all n o w 
476-541) 
R E D C A R P E T w W V f c i N T W H E N V o l) C A N 
B U Y a b e a utiful 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m name. attached e oro oe so m e with a op h an ce s No dow n to anyone 
H U G H E S * B R IS C O E 
*264)31 
R E A L T O R S 
3 3 )9 )8 * 

 s j F j n i w f c i * --------------- 
Neor Kennedy H i Nice and neat 
Completely reman- md. ) bedroom home 
R A N C H E S * 
R E A L T Y 

?2S SUNMAN fWfflTY 

DFVJNf REALTY 
D e v in e 
T e x a s 
I 66 3 4 S5* 
S A Direct Lim 626-12o8 ti X T Toh'o* A I M I ll of Boerne good buy at only $7oo a acre 
7)2-6682 M Castle Realty 69! *436 
“ “ i M I A i l UAkAkslVli 
~ 
N W of bon J atonia in B exar. C o m e 1 
K endall C o s I IS a c re s or M a re 
BON MITH CO 
6*6 246* 
B R O K E R 
69* 7241 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
B u lv e rd e a re a O ak V illage N orth b e a u tifu l tre e s, p a v e m e n t util 
I 3o9 acres. $33 94 mo C oli Annette 
VAN BUREN ft ASSOC 
6*67171 
699-8866 
I . " a g e tracts, sm all d ow n"-,m o m onthly, beautiful oaks. no rock O' cedar_ Ctol^Moftee 34/ 7516 

‘4 ACRE 
IS m inute* N orth of North Star M a li 
O a k trees good so il H ill C o u n try utilities available’ $2195 $195 dow n 
$4o 56 m onth 5 y e a rs ot I interest 
I akee rott Real fckloto, 694 3419 o/ 
342 ISM. 

 i u r ia n m o r o n 
os i l u r i a n m o r o n 
PAIK OAKS 

A N N O U N C E S 
The New est and M ost Exciting 
Developm ent Northw est of San Antonio! 
• Large naturally landscaped, 2Vx to I 8 acre tracts. (Build Now , or Later.) 
* N ear IH IO, 16 miles north of W onderland. 
* 8 New Tennis Courts under construction. 
» Swim m ing Pool, and Riding Trails for horses. 
♦ Situated in 3 Counties, Bexar, Kendall & 
Comal. 
» N ew Hom es Under Construction a k e IM 1o N orth Exit Leon Springs. Proceed N o rth on ieee** to Cam p Stanley Sign. Turn righ t, go 3 ’/* m iles to tair Oaks O ffice OR s e e our D isplay Booth - U pper le v e l it C e n t r a l P a r k M a l l 
198-244o 
D O N SMITH CO. 
6 9 8 -2 8 3 2 blain from developer K.U.D.P.R. and read before signing anything. H.U.O er approves the merits of the offering, nor the value of the property. 

 s u b u r b a n m o r o n 

P ic k u p payments, on 6 Acres. SS2.o8’ m o S w im m m s, buntine, view for miles. Jim Ashley Reottv 226-7774 
POTEET AREA 
5o A c re s of c o a sta l 
3 b o a o om , double Dam, sw im m ing pool, tennis court ana beautiful large oak trees. 
J E R R Y 
B A C O N , 
R E A L T O R S 
422-3735, 822-3323 42-3295. 

SUBURBAN SITES 
CHINA GROVE. IS acres great for a homesite Partially fenced, trees, excellent frontage on paved road 
Utilities in area Need septic 
M id ( 3 o 's 
HELOTES PARA — !'/» ocres. Choice building site, lovely comer, lots of trees, beautiful view. All utilities available... 
.. 
M i , OOO 

TIMBER OAK ESTATES. Trees, hills ond open spaces Approx. 1.3 acres, 
5 miles north of 16o4 on Blonco 
Deep wet), holding tank i pump 
$12,5oo 

BULVERDE ESTATES - Beautiful building site. 2 wooded ocres. 
Hilltop view 
........ 
$ 7,SOO 

BULVERDE HILLS - 2 wooded lots 
— one ideal for a sold level, local cd on hilltop ottering panoramic view of countryside 
$6,ooo A $7,ooo 
SHELDON 
RANCH 
- 15o x4oo building site, Comal 
County .................... 
$5,9oo 

DEVINE, TX lot (ates # 2 fairway on Wedgewood golf course $5,5oo 

NEAR MEDINA RIVER - Appiox. 23 acres at per acre price of 
$4,ooo 

NEAR LBJ LAKE - S miles West of 
Marble Falls in Burnet 

LAND SAVINGS 

ACCOUNTS IN THE HILL 
COUNTRY 

•ARCH 237 
Guadalupe River tract, 
J64 It on the widest point of the 
Deep water, 2So year old fpress trees, Huge live Onto and 
•icons I i acres budding site wth 
Irista view 
STS.ooo 51,5oo down, 
146 21 pei month for 144 months, it b sim p? tov deductoble in est Prepayable without penalty 

PARCEL 128 • KENOAIIA, H it wo­ rn chormmq herman Community, 
, owner financing. 

PARCEL 299 
BIRCHUM, Acreage trot f with lotge trees OoKs Cypress, 
Hickory Veot around running creek 
(fill top view for miles 59,995 55oo down, long term low interest finan­ c e 

PARCEL 134 - BOERNE AREA Won sdertul frees, view tremendous cifticuhuro! possibilities 53,995 52oo down. good low monthly payments 

2o Beautiful Acres 
Alonci Hw y 46, I mi eo-t of Hw y 16. 
M ony largo oak trees Con be sui) divided 
For detail* coil 342-4115 
A N Y I IM E 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

4 R e t im Id Fair Oaks 
An exquisite split level hom e with m ony extros on o beau ufo! 5 u-s.ro view lot c f>aturlna extensive use* of cedar and rock exterior with 2 rock fireplaces 2 de cks ond num erous windows to exploit the m agnificent view an d o e v a d in g hill co u n try breezes H om es open cad y tor in spection 
L o cate d in F A IR O A K S the n e w e st a n d m o st e x n t in c developm en t N W ot San A ntonio 
Toke IH IO north to Leon Springs, proceed on access to Cam p Stanley sign, turn right, go 3; mi. to F A IR 
O A K S office 
BON SMITH CO 
498 244o B R O K E R 

4 Bedroom in Trailwood 
New hom e on ? a c re b e a u tifu lly w ooded tract. C o n stru c tio n ne ar c o m p le te 
B u y e r ca n s t ir m a k e selection of interior decor 
H u ge 
?ftx.l? fam ily living circa with large rock fireplace, 2 baths. Plus m any extra feature s for the pest liv 
Indoors and out O nly IS m inutes north of W onderland out IH IO. 

498 2241 ftf SMITH CO 
B R O K E R 
498 244o 

 ry rn 
.995, 

NBG REAL ESTATE 
Hill Country SpeciaK$t 
7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

B O E R N E , T X . . N IW H O M E ot na five rock, has huge w oodbucning fireplace in rock wall of fam ily bv mo roo m 1 Separate dining room b e d r o o m s , 
7’ b a t h s 
E x t r a s galore! On approx 2 acres 
589,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
344-oo22 

G u y C h i p m a n 
C o 

Ready for Develonmem 
A s o subdivision or divide mto-ran- chokies This 258 or re tract located just soutn of San M a r c o s ta m ile from IH 35 H a s alm ost I 1 J m iles of hard sartor e roans Investor term s are available 
Cab 
M W 
Neelh 
341 9191. 

Naylor Really Inc 
REPOSSESSION 
N o equity, m oke un back paym ents 
Of 5198 46 and assum e paym ents of 
439.55 and this choice hill country site is y o u rs. C a ll Tom T a y lo r. 
497-3754 or 826 6288. 
R I V T R f R O U T P R O P E R T Y , 18 minutes from S.a , ideal hom e site, all utilities on pa ve d road, good trees fishing canoeing, Take over 
464,95 m o n th ly . S t e v e H a n r e l, 
494-5237 or 828 1o92. 
RIVERFRONT 
3 acre s out 281 North on Guadalupe 
R iver. N ice b u ild in g site, pa ve d roads ond electricity. Call 497-3752 or 824 2o13 
R IV E R F R O N T 2 A C R E S Ie m inutes from San Antonio AH utilities on paved road good trees fishing c a n o e in g 
452oo to 565oo 
G o o d 
Term s. Call Steve H a m e l 494 523/ or 828 1o92. 

S C E N IC L O O P 
Approx. 2 a cre s creek hills and tree* Off Aquifer, owner carry Call 
G ary 
VAN BOREN & ASSOC 
484 7171 
433 1247 
344-9693 
S C E N IC L O O P 
“ 
16o A cres of beautiful rolling Tx hill 
Co., native rock ram bler. 3 2, fire place p o lio pool an d all convert lences, including care take r's house, 
'deal location tor M ed school, U T SA 
Owner will sell all or part or trade 
M ak e offer. 
874 371o 

MacFarfand-Pliiliips 
S P E C IA L 
5 room house on ’n acre. fenced nice tre e s, se llin g to se ttle iud dement 
51o.9oo. G uaranteed title 
626-2174 

2 ST O R Y M O U N T A IN T O P H O M E 
S' a c es neor U T SA 3 3 
L a rge sundecks, rock terraced picnic area. pen tor horses deep well big storage tank low down, owner finance 
227-o227 W A T SO N & SO N 
658-1262 
T a k e up p a y m e n t s on '. a c r e 
N o r t h w e s t tor h o m e b u ild in g 
Water, 
( dv utilities 
M r. 
Feller 
679 /229 

TEACHERS 
H ave tim e to look ’ Now is the tim e to buy. 1 a c r e s, n e a r C a n y o n 
Lake, owner desires to sell quickly 
42,45o with owner (m a n a n a N am e your te rm s 
N o q u a lify in g. B IL L 
H U G H E S Broker 34? 18o8. 

B Y O W N E R HH! C o untry L iv in g 
W m dw ood E sta te s, Boerne o rc a 
4 2 . 2 I, on 
2 i a c rs 
5/2,5oo 
1-755 4274 

DIVORCE FORCES SALE 
Over I acre. out 78t North rn Com al 
Co with water and electricity le ad y to build on 
M arline?, 497 l/5 j or 
824 o85o 

Doctops Lawyers Teachers 
Got the tim e ? r v e got the land 
Place your m oney where the return is best. I 2,3 a c r e h o m e site s Or com m ercial acre age on 16o4 In the boom ing N VV area 
Interest only te rm s 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E 342 1461 
F L O R E S V IL L E - t i ocres with 3 br house 2 ca r ga ra g e , b o m s. pens. fenced ond cro ss fenced 
All atilt ties, all in coastal. 824-9621 

B e a n i e 
O w e n s C n 
1oo3 N E Loop 41o office 

*A ( res sit ifty;, acre off 28' Pretty 
Ok excellent hunting Jim Ashtc-y le i l: state 684 4 ~ '6 
’ Acres f n< f t m r o -m on nouse 
Sod too son nice trees 
Jim A sh 

I - 3 acres ea. Beauti* ii tracts 
A, cess *o 'o«e and 
P r ,C r s i 495, 
■ imate niter v 1 
INC. 
19 7 3584, 

 t a r Boerne 
I Hill Countr 
•bodOi^pu * sign down 8 
A tsE C R O F T 
I? 1 
8 o 
8 
_____________________ 
A C R E S N E A R 
S O M E R S E T c o n tr , liv in g c u m m u t m g d is 
I-,ce. trees, a g rd c -i ‘-Ct! ow ner 
FjrtCec; Low (low* paym ent J "11 f-er 684 >o44 
_______________ 

F O R S A L E ID 48 A C R E S with lank, off Hw y 1518. acro ss from p a rtia lly co m p le te d g o d c o u r*e 
P riced 416.5oo. 
66 ! 4641, after 
5 
655 o393 
G A T H E R Y O U R W H O L E F A M IL Y aro u n d th--, a d rock fire p la c e rn your spacious living room ai watch in* deer teed on you' 2 acre s ol b-autitut hilltop property. You m ust sui fbi* fantastic J bedroom bomi re a lly v isu a l!?!? co u n t; y liv e 
494-5221 A N Y T IM E 
R E D C A R P E T 
R E A L T O R S 

GUADALUPE RIVER 
'o x im a te iv i a c re s 
N orth o» 
Antonio. Ow ner will (m o m 
494 5494 evenings, 494 362? 

HOMESITE 

U or 
UC: Hic V 

5 A C R E S 
Qts of lr or n n vi O OOI is. O r.n i i < 

 set gn d fin e C n le u Or ’ Ck 
15-8ooo Don Sm ith B ro ker 677-8oo4 is A C R E S N O R T H 
<Little Blonco A re a) oeocoom ' 
2 baths fra m e house. t* vate water wen fenced a toto ie son 
Id e a l tor S m a ll no rse or i i 'd e n form 
Situated rn H e a v ily top toted de er c o n u f 'v 
T e rm s 
Conable Owner 
Conventional or 
( a For ap pointm ent o< m f or mo to 
Can Jim H ardin 497 353o Of 
•815-44o6 
AL B A C O N R E A L E S T A T E 
_ 
[A C R E S J fcanunsLby OW I 
I i / 

22 ACHES PLUS HOME 
E A R B O R N E posed rood Ail r o o d m g o a k s tack tan* star e and welt w idth m o n d e k a m e tor noise P ■ m ‘in Site I- *cei caption 

C h o K i building site ou’ ,’i exclusive area M a n y tr* e ie ctf‘fctv 
B a rg a in 
Ow 
Over SOOS. T OI* Taylor 
I 
826 4788 

North in s. waif* i-r go ing 

T E X A S V E T ’S Pick your own land now Af Vet a p p raisal 17 acre s and up. Blonco Area Jim Ashley Realty 
226 7774 

TIME REALLY FLYS 
M a k e voui p la n s now if you a thinking of Country L iv in g 
R u ra l property will ce rtain ly be high er this spring Here is a luxury hnme on 25 a fre t of Oak > und wild gom e 
Just 28 m ile s fro m W o n d e rla n d 
There is a guest house, extra stor age building ond a deep well Well fenced and cro ss fenced. C all tor full details JI syrian 344-8348 
G r a c e Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M C S 
TW O A C R E S O F R IV E R 
Nortn on Guadalupe Scenii woods an d to p so il 
H ig h a b o v e u elect clean grav e l bottom river. 512.9on 
Owner will finance 
Robert Sm ith 
698 2o61. ll no answer, 194-6777. 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

RESORT PROPERTIES 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

O N L Y 1 3 T F A C T S L IT T 

Located in the Startzvilie 
Area. Neor Como! Pork. Some with lake views and creek front, many large oaks, as low as SUBoo per acre. Up to 
IS years to pay at 8% . Call 

 anytime. 
4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 o r 
1 -8 9 9 -2 1 8 1 

MEDINA UKE AREA 

Urge older home In lake Hilts, Tx 

3-2V5-2, plus 4 room guest cottage and 
2 bedroom mobile 
Horn; 

Storage shod ond boot shod, approx 

2.5 acres of well landscaped ond fenced lot. Coll nites 826-7668. 

6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

 m a r t e n 

 r e n t u 

LOTS 

A B E A U T IF U L LO T AT 
CANYON LAKE 
SHOO 
LO T ah u ltim o * near take baal rom p 
S I IOO OI SICK) down. S IS 59 month tar 84 months. 8 interest 
LO T - L a rge Lake and sw im m in g pool und boot ram p near bv - trees 
516oo co'-v term s 
L O T - H igh on o hill beautiful view 
La rge sue ink* near by 
514oo OI 
51oo bown S IS 38 for 96 m onths 8 intr: r st 
L O T • W aterfront near sw im m in g non! and boat ram p Beautiful easy term s 
C A P T . E . J O N E S 

9 2 3 -6 2 1 1 

CH O ICE SITES 

W OODLAWN HULS - 
You can see forever 
2 gorgeous lots with a spectacular view of the city A MUST 
SEE! 
$54,5oo 

CASTU Hills TERRACE - Fine cor net tot off Honeysuckle. 6 rare find in this area 
$26,ooo 

CASTU HIUS - One of the lew remaining lots on 
Shalimar 
Beautiful bee covered . . $18,85o 

UNIVERSITY HILLS - Off Blue Mist 
Mountain. Zoned for single fam ily......................... $14,95o 

 lO CKH Ill ESTATES. - Go-geous trees 
North 
East schools 
Ex cepbonally good volue. 
$11,5oo 

STAGE COACH W HS - I i acre of tedor ond native ook trees. Perfect for residential building site with scenic vista overlooking State Cooch 
Hills 
'..... 
$11,2oo 

NEAR SOUTHWEST MEDICAL CEN­ 
TER off Babcock Road 7 residential sites, walking distance to elemen­ tary school from 
$1o,ooo to $12,ooo 
SERENE HIUS - Dull Knife Trail off 
Boerne Stage Rood 
Approx 
1.5 acres. 
Water ond electricity at street...........................$11,ooo 

UNIVERSITY 
HIU5 
- 
Gorgeous half acre Perfect building spot with trees and grass ......... 
$1o,OOO 

Off CULEBRA ROAD - 2 lots com bined for excellent building silo on hfghbf elevation of subdivision 
$7,ooo 
SCENIC IOOP 
Heavily wooded lot behind Grey Moss Inn,- appro* 
*4 acre Ideo) tor secluded building site 
Only $6,5oo 

MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES - Build you! country home in the hoe lilied heights of tm area 
Appiox 'A acre. 
$4,6oo 
OAK VILLAGE NORTH - One ane lot Water and electricity available 
$4,5oo 
OAK HAVEN - Choice building site neor Son Pedro ond 16o4 
$4,ooo 

3 4 3 - 3 2 1 1 A N Y T IM E 

F i o s o u r & f c f t i n t o - 

L REALTORS - 
SO YEARS Of TROST 

YOU CAN 
GET AWAY 
FROM IT All 
ON THIS 157 
ACRES 

4-year home, 3 bed­ rooms, 2 baths, huge den with fireplace, CH+- 
A, 4-room guest cottage, travel trailer cover, 
34x4o heavy equipment work shop, S barns and sheds. 
Slightly rollinq sandy loam soil, 34 acres coastal, partially wood­ ed. 4 stock ponds (one 2- ocre pond stocked with fish). Deer, dove, quai!.. 
The noise of the wind­ mill will bring you back to childhood days and pot you to sleep This place is different. 
$15o,ooo.oo. 
No 
Minerals. available. 
Financing 

FRANK BOHUSLAV 

REALTY 

HON. King 

Seguin 

3 7 9 - 6 7 6 8 

K a w 
B r a u n f e l s - M itt c o u n t r y 
Property. Settee! A Assoc. Ready. 
647 S Seguin, N Braunfels 625 8o78* 

$358 oo PER ACME 
32 56 a c r e tra c t 
L e a k e y A r e a 
Heavily wooded. Good bunting 525o dow n 
H O V 82 m o n th ly - E m o r y 
Jones 734 4627. 

$88o $1,oo8 PER ACRE 
North, south east. and west 
Large-sm all, tanks, fem od 
828-o665 
736-1746 
*75-o629 
W A T SO N a. SO N R E A L T O R S 
P R O P E R T Y E X C H A N G E S 
R E G IO N A L A N D N A T IO N W ID E 
D E V A U L T A A SSO C 349 2677 
-— R A N C H L A N D S - 
I and Fbi AH Purposes 
NO 7 Flinistone, 78213 
344-9936 

R E A L 
C O U N T Y 
4oo 
A C R E S modern home. Lots Of water Hunt mo lodge Abundant gam e. 

K E N D A L L C O . 2oo A C R E S hwy 
Ii anlage level, tent ed, good ara/ mg. deer. 

C O M A L CO. 1o6 A C R E S d e lig h tfu l restored borne Pool, and facilities for cattle JO a c re s in Coastal close 

C O M A L C O 
4o A C R E S , U S 281 fr o n t a g e . J b o m o s, m a n y im provenients. Country estate Close 

U S 781 N O R T H 4o AC R E S B exar 
Co. 17 acre s C o m a l Co. Excellent hwy frontage 
C A LL 494-5227 
A r m strong Co. 

R E T IR E M E N T R E T R E A T 
48.2 a c ie s with 2 b e d ro o m hom e near Floresville. 5 outbuildings, call for details 
B IN G H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

COMMERCIAL PROTO TY J 
(KASI) 

NOW LEASING 
NORTHSUH OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
A NO INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
(A U STEVE M UHR 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

G R E A T A M E R I C A 

C O 
M 
P A N 
I E S 

OFFICE WAREHOUSE 
Nortasrde, 2 m iies north of Loop 41o close to airport, units with, 119*. 
ISM) 299$ sa ft 
A S T R O IN V E S T M E N T S 
*»»344-6388**» 
O N E O F T H E F E W r e m a in in g corner locations on SW M ilitary, I blocks east oft i h i s , 163? SW M in tory $15o m o (512) 663 5o26_______ 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sa ti new m asonry building, for sale near expressw ay, easy term s for strong buyer 
9.ooo sa ft.. M aso n ry building tor lease, month to month or long term 
P E A C O C K R E A L T O R S , 824 o511 

RIMCO REALTY 
684 86oo 'F a rm s - R an ch es' 492-2796 

RIVER RANCH 
3,ooo a c re s on beautiful C o lo ra d o 
R iv e ' 
6 m ile s Of river fro n tage 
Loaded with g a m e 5315 acre with e x c e lle n t te rm s. M ik e C h ild e r s 
(91S) 698 7o48, 692 3477 C H IL D E R S 
R E A L E S T A T E 
_____ 

(ARMS RANCHES 3 ( 2 3 2 } mo^ Vmmoi w 

4; AC CoPoNo BAY 
3oo pier, deep channel, S start! 
Boathouse, poof. 3 houses oak* 
828 o665 
734-1766 
648 o873 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

Huebner Rood 
69) At - es clean bm trees coo front on Huebner Road ?«o E a st ot 
O b* land Road Beautiful froc, Call 
E ve Arnold. 735 658$ ar 227 81o5 
E.D. GOZA 
R E ALTO R •227-81o5 
IR R IG A T E D L A N O C L O S E IN 
Ow ner to carry loon on 2o 
-town 
G o lf* delivers 22 m ile* of < tty 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
734 1766 
876 o664 
333-1)43 

L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E t m in nonn from i pop N W desired locobon deeo snit and wooded ar en w a t e r e le c t r ic it y u n d p h o n e 
P a y m e n ts of M 2 ?? at 7 sim p le interest otter sm all dow n p aym ent 
Can Lex F< her 679 72?v . 

ACREAGE TRACT 
N E A R C A N Y O N L A K E 
S U P E R LO W P R IC E 
O W N E R F IN A N C E D 
C A P T A IN E. JO N E S 
923*6211 
B E A U T IF U L S f l 
' ‘ 
'O t 
Dust se# d to really appreciate tf 22 
. North of Sab in a l at Concern. 
Nic» (O Dm , air co nditio ned, fir* a la n 
Whole place is tented and 
I Carpet g ro ss over the whom 
Beautiful oak, elm, cedar ond m w ood ti rex 
B e a u tifu l view looking F rip R iv e r with w a lk ­ way down ’o i ver 
C L A U D E S C H U E H L E R E A L T Y l l I 17TH S T R E E T 
H O N OO, TX 
7886) 
512-424-241J 
512 424-251o 
M E M B E R T E R A 

C A LL 494 5227 
A r m strong Co. | LET A 

( s T c r e T Rio M edina rolling hill* 
* c loop a os*, beautiful building site ll OOO Acre 534 t f l l 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
Custom built 1-3 Acres Oak trees, hill country. North 
Northwest. Homes ready to move into Financed We cus­ tom build. Have 1-3-S acre tracts available We consider trades. Sawyer Const Co 
733 o4o9 
494-2743 

R E A L E S T A T E B R O K E R 
Buy or Sell tar you Coll 
22* 8157 
342 9338 
344 9424 

 in a 

 b io tote' 

2 ACRES S E 
J A Dess 

1*1 *27 7441 
H B P R E A L E S T A T E 
) A C R E S ax si S t lu r I , 
.ii 
|r (I trt‘e* Not in subdivision B U ST 
I i i A L T Y $24 454* t V A'g f c i r X TT n to nr.t.Mi., on io n 
An*i>nio R iver lux* soutn ut l o o p 
* 1o. ir o n ic 
(■vino i nits 
H U G 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
♦24 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
I 643 559/ 

 ti: 

8 A C R E W A T E R F R O N T 
'i d i it o « ‘ 

M O AC SOUTHEAST 
I 
, ll UCI. aver mo, 
• Ai each i 
- 1 At China G rove ton* porn 
128 o645 
734 1/96 
734 4114 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

Looking For A New 

Homesite With Privacy? 
W< have 1 ta i acre tracts noshed rn in*- beautiful blit i ountrv no ne 
, 
I pi San A i tanto You* , nriici e ccr i 'uby planet a ax reny.- tr ,u t w-tn o u tsta n d in g view * or t#rt,i volley* with heavily wooded argo 
Located in i r a i l w O O D O n'v 1 m inute* n o rm of W ander la n d out im IO E arelieflt owner tmonc m g 
DON SMITH CO 
691 3241 
B R O K E R 
698 2 

MUST SEL 

I rn 

AFTER CHRISTMAS 
BEFORE JAN. I 

828-o445 
734-1746 
*7*9*29 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

MUST SEE TO BELIEVE 
Beautify 
, igm out i 

 and 
*#« ll we earns 
Ia na u p p u rt von Ie 
WO v to r' C o n v d e r ai o m p an y n, edx 
Dun lr v n e a' B t ' r r s fro m S995 
F t * ! f ST A T E ii 

 id e a with 
Noir tr. O of propel 
» W IJ r , ' . I 
o<- a ar CX g »t a r 

I A k E C K O F t 

Aller CRmimas land Sale f t re age on 16o4. N W ot Son An tome From *35oo per acre 
I e r n s to suit Custom hom e* g©>n« up now 
N B G IN C 679 /159 tH n J sV tw o Of rex w 'tk I ip j io r 
(o r t h x ir K r e s t a u r a n t . th re e 
Ic, Ohing* and a g a 'o a e apartm ent benting XX) feet en Huegner Roan 
Io n 
E v e a i nota 
735 4585 ar 
I2741U, 
E.D. GOZA 

R E A L T O R •2 27 *8 1o $ 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
I *pei ta. uiar view. o®**r octet tv large aa*'. Garden XO'I. ft 
*,,ud well over I a ru* O w n* 
..... • 
Robert S 
Jv4 6777 
698 2o95 Or 

 ere mink igr now or in the future, fbi v u ( » ii, lo' you P rice d tar 
*qie. Cat) R o y W oad, 49? after 6pm (2? 9355 

 n T 'a R C A L A V E R A S L A K E 
B o 
Pub*''ti 
974 4289 
A L L R E A L T Y 
533-7987 
N I E t T A X S H E L T E R ’ 
IJ S A,-rex neor I ak e C a 'a v e r O ' 
58*o per o c t e 
O w n e r tin o n c * 
714 826 785U, J U J6V 5284 
N O C W 
TA T E ? 
, tubed 4 bedroom hon d rgm with ext 
- 
342 *o18 ell rgnt 

JIM VIA REALTOR 

 w ilk * 
N U S id final 

Mo down P a y m e n t! I i i m o an own 2 2 A cre * Sw im rn to tin g Ie c ie r i Jim Ashley Realty 326 7774 

BANDERA 

 f state. J42 lea! 

G o o d 
H e a l 

BEAUTIFUL AGRE put JHI North, near B ulverde G reat bunding sit*- water electricity, ond paved road* 
Cst! 
49? I7S2 or 
I24-2oU 
____________ _ 

•MOUNTAIN TOF NORTH* 
A s t a g g e r in g v ie w 
I overed with oaks 
694 6777 

 tor m ile * 
*94(3o AYU 2993 

ONE ACRE 
Qt tr##§y S tiffo1*4*o ♦hi** I I ' I CO! 
Of Y 
W 
♦iffCMCK vtuMirote dining perm it*? 
Him C ountry letting, only $39.o* tor MuMy Foil#* 
3 4 1 -9 1 6 * A N Y T I M E 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
O H E " do uWYr y~ u v Tn g ~~ ~ 7 , the gr.-ut od* ' *pace feeling B oard you* awn h o r * * * an the fenced f a c r e * 
2 to r y h o m e h a s 4 be dream*, 2 . bath*. M u ch m e r* com to* dc-tciiix( 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 3 IH 
R E A L T O R S 
444 7985 

PICK DP PAYMENTS on im * beoutlful wooded ox ie 
281 N o rth on G u o d a iu p e P i 
Benny 
Mni'ttnex, 
*92 it i i 
824-o85(1 

ROO 

C A N YO N L A K E 
M O B IL E LOT 
o OOO xa ti fan tasm view boat ro m p n.-ci' by 
S ' JOO. 51oo down 78 m onth* at *21 43 A P R 8 
M EL M IL L E R ________ 226-7324 
C A N Y O N L A K E - E V O W N E R on p ave d rood n#cjr fcoat iou * w o t*r o dd gut* 
LO M 
‘tv. divide 
41 ?V%3 

E X C L U S IV E C A R V E L H IL L S LO T 
Corpus Chr*ti Lake lore*- im pi oxed ake lot on water Electricity waler. p ie r. b o a t r a m p a n d c o n c r e t e darn in g wail 
M A V IS 
C A U L E Y 
R E A L T Y 
1512)6 
4 21 38 _________ 

RESORT SITES ro o m C a b in large- * fire p la c e p u m p e d 

W e d rom I 
( . t abs 
■Redan 

S P R IN G ' it 
Pool 
SO P T 
P oi * 

141 
ACRiS, 
I ? twits north of 
Sabinal 8eauli>ul hills and valley*. 
Excellent hunting 
3oo ACRE FARM, 8 mile* north ut 
Knippa Good house, many other improvement*. Excellent irrigation potential. 
52o ACRI FARM, 4 mile* northwest al 
Sabinal txciHanl irrigation potential 
4,155 
ACRI 
RANCH, 
12 im ie* north ai Sabinal fenced in i pasture*, A well*, I VS mile* of 
Sabinal liver 
Best el deer and turkey hunting 
Ideal for exotic game ranch 
673 ACRE RANCH, 14 mile* north of Hondo. Vary goad hunting kite house, oft conditioned ond heated 
162 ACRIS, 5 mile* Northwest of 
D Ham* 74 sure* all field with deck tank In Auth1 
•6 ACRIS, V mile* Southwest at 
Castroville. 2 tanks mobile home, good fences, coastal ond kletn was* 
464 ACRIS, J miles Southwest af 
Hondo 
Very goad lences, good tank, I well with windmill, good cor­ ral, best of hunting (or deer (urkey, dove and quail 
196 ACRiS, 4 nill** Northwest of 
Castroville, I wall and strong spring 
Good nuntmg 
152 ACRI FARM, S milos west a1 
Hondo, eider house. good weds and fence* 
23 ACRiS WITH OlCiN HOUSE, IS acre* in coaxal, I well city water, highway hontoge on Stat* Hwy 
153 ? mile' Ncrthemt of Hondo. 
NICI HOUSI ON I ACRI with goad well in Dankly 
CLAP P l SCM UtHU at ALTY t i l l I TTM STR til 
MONRO, TX. 
788o1 
* 1 2 -4 2 6 -2 4 1 2 
5 1 2 -4 2 o -2 *1 o 
HK MUH til* 

Inter American Services 
P O Sox 273 
Corpus Christi, Texas 784o3 
Texas: 
Real County: 634 arm* of rugged hills with Hat tap* and pluvh valleys. Excellent native mosses, many 
(lee*. 
One well, one permanent spring with develop men! potential I VS mile* west of 
Leakey, overlooking Frio Canyon and town of Leakey $S5o OO per ut ie 
1 o % -1 5 % down, balance 
TS 2o years. 
Uvalde County: 5,8oo acres ol ran cher’s ond sportsmen* dream 
Operating cow ranch. I '/* miles 
Hueces Rivet ti outage, on county road 
Excellent native grasses, good fences, pens, tanks, wells, housing. 3oo acres iii Coastal 
Bermuda 
(litigated) 
1o,ooo pecan trees, many huge oaks 
Numerous springs, spring-fed creek Several caves, large cor rying capacity The best al hun tmg <4?s OO aer atle txulient terms 

Webb County 12,58o acres I ? miles north ol lured" Good ranch and hunting country Same improved pasture 
Ample water supply 
(wells tnnks). 
Good living quarters V* minerals Not leosed 
527S OO per orre. Terms 

Colorado: las Ammos County 
73 272 ocres deeded, plus 23,722 acres leased 
One of the finest cattle ranches in Colorado Well improved In­ cludes 639 acre litigated Form 
Runs 4,5oo yearlings 6 months ut 
I,SOO animal unds yeti' tound 
Good hunting. Minerals. SSS OO per acre with good terms 

163 ACRES 
P e r m a n e n t s p r in g on tin * little ranch in Blonco Co Call D a vid N is bet 82-s OIS* 
RANCH MARKET 
65 , 42o6, 226 5184' 

W A N T TO L E A S E 1ooo 5ooo a c ie s of g r a iin q la n d 
C o n ta ct V e rn o n 
Janssen 1-239 4249 
W E C A N S E L L Y O U R 
R A N C H F A R M OH H O M E 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U S T O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249 2116 or 249 3314 
W hat type R an c h do you w a n t? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 655 42o6 226 51*4 
RI. 3 Box 271 San Antonio, 78218 

WHY LEAST? 
B u y this 7o (reins with (a ise ouks. view h unting o r hom esite, in B la n co C ou n ty, I m ite oft JBT. O w n e r financed N ee d s to sell! 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 344-9936 

: RANCH LANDS 
168 A C R E S 
555o F E R A C R E 
F O R M O R E IN 
F O C A L L B S T S C A N O 434 61o2 

W IL S O N C O U N T Y . 
F*ER A C R E 

236 

SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

-Sunday Jan 2 1977 

C 
R E N T A L S 
DGZ) 

 cAPARTMENTS—WUN 
% p a r t m e n t $ - w r n 7 ) ( a o T ) 
•to ii i - 
— t—m1lnmlr‘^^^T•,ll^ ^NmrrMRB^ 

Z O N E D B J 
O ffice or sm a ll btisi n ess B a sse at W est A v e 734-4417, 
735-1122 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

PROM 

*4 6 . 
* 1 5 2 . 

Weekly 

Monthly 

N O HASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO PITS 

 wJtRRtN HOUSE 

3 2 2 7 M W 
L o o p 4 1 o 
“Of iF9t*r*4NfiOn »* D««rNuftT anil oc«996* to*id 4 !o " 

342-4o29 

1147 W A S H B Y 
Room opt I ow <’' w e d air w ah” od 4 B u s lines. S H S mo. Call atte' 
SP M 735 68?J 
$3o Week. bills ad N e ar Ft Sam , no pets, ofter 12 735 6412 
______ 

1oo9 W 
S U M M IT I b e d ro o m apt 
S U Sw o te i paid Appt 878 5o3? 
34? W W A R F 
Oft S FIO! ex cmd S f M ilita ry Dr I iii oom a n ca rp e t w ate r pa 
$ I ,»6 U?; v jio -Mgr 
Apt I_________ 

8 1 ? 'j W 
W O O D L A W N C le an O n age E fficie n cy 
I adult only Sex 
Call 435 o48" 
___________ m APARTMENTS UNFyRN 

A A A A A A H H 
Y O U R O W N H O M * 
A T L A S T I Beautiful tow nhouse with ntral A M O n ly SIDO dow n Si JO m onthly 
N O C R E D IT ’ N il P R O B 
E M ' Firxt paym ent M o n h 
VTJ-17o6 
R A T M C V E Y 
674 2523 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 
Townhouse, unfurn, ? I'. carpeted drapes stove refrigerator central arr heat, tenants shiv g a s and e ld trie tty. i advenient to bus and shop ping center, ad u lt* only no pets 
*2o(1 month 82o 6475; 65? 484.1 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

EQR SAU 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S ? Ac re and u p 
Zoned I I; fully developed. V I P , 

— i i — 
. 

248 OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

P L U S H O F F IC E S P A C E 
In gro w in g N W sector Re ason able rates Greater S A Butlers A ssa i 
8925 N W IH-1o 69to38oo 

252 SELL GR EXCHANGE 

H A V E C A S H B U Y E R S for older ho m e s, o p ts., n e e d in g repairs. John B. Ecceh, Bi o k e i, 6o8 
Guritei B ldg , 22a 7o11 824 8o23 

254 REAL ESTATE RANTED 

W A N T E D To B u y P ro m O w ner 
From 3o to 5o A cre s Im p ro v e d or 
Unim proved M ust Be R eason able 
Wilson, Ate,sc OSO, M edina Co Quote 
P r u e Poi A cre 
W id e 
E x p r e s s 
New s P O Box 7?38 

5 j o u m n p i » v u u 
PWJ APAPrTfcXf N T S *-- 
. 

6 
* ’ 

W A N T E D . 8 Unit or L a rg e r a p a rt­ m ent in good location, by p riv ate buyer 654 o231 

258 REAL ESTATE LOANS WANTED 

W ill p a y c a s h far e a u ity i i i a p t house, unit*. Sin gle re sid e n ce Of 
~ M £ v y )L £ p c u lL j k ^ L i5 M S — i b m * 

4o1 49ARIMEMTSFORM 

ADULTS ONLY 226-3547 
I bdrm $65, la 'a e m o m s and high ceilings K ing W illiam Area. 

A C C E S S C O R N E R 
U nique hom e on co rn er IU 35 ac cess, 
Good exposure tor gifts, antiques 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 82B 2521 
I 2 Acre corner ■ ISS’ on M cC u llo u gh 
828 4545 P R I A K O S R E A L T Y 7 4 hrs 
5 A C R E S , C L O S E IN, ale u t poten hoi. hi 
Hiah incom e orea 
Call 
.341 4666 

Don Bouctielle 
X C O INC 
R F A ! T O R S M I S 

A1 Home for 4 wks. 
D e sign e rs di luxe efficiency hom e high in W oodlaw n H ills on 2 wooded a cre s, fenced and lo ck e d 
P a r ly 
Am el icon decor M u x -w e fireplace. 
Vt: R Y T H IN G t a r n is h e d 
*49 e e k iy is M in u t e s d o w n to w n , 
O CH andO r k clly 4.1? 679o, 696 1963 
A lam o H a t* loran etflc si5o m o bills lid xii Ouuen lam -. 735 5361 

28 A C R E S 
Close in, 3 m iles out OI 
City limit*, will sell oil ar part, no restrictions. Good location IH J? SO and Donop R d 
W ill finance, easy term ' 924 6666, 623 1932__________ i A cres Fre d e rick sb u rg Rd 
Good frontage neor W ar/bac h hospital U SA A Owner finance 
227-o227 W A T SO N A SO N 
628 1762 
IS A C R E S 3 m iles out of City lim its on ISI South Utilities available We finance, easy farm * 
924 6666; 
623 1932 
2 BO A C R E S O N W W W H IT E R D 
N ear 41o Zoned L-C o m m ercial 
533 1oo9 
R e spondek tatty 
656 5667 

ATTEWT1GN VETS 
W e hove several Texas V* ts fr a ils to r q u a lif ie d 
V e t* w h o h a v e received then application 
Land Locators ot Texas 
S A th> 11.54 667 1333 
B A N D E R A C O U N T Y 24 A C g E S ~ 
Upper Sabinal Canyon L ive W ater 
J K L E IG H T O N , R E A L T O R S 
Vonnerpoot, Tx. 
5 12-966 34oo 

B IG B R IC K 
3 3 2. pitier a :' paneled T e re a/o floor 
On fantastic corner. O utside 
N E 41o B ig lot G reot hom e office 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 7521__ 
B R O A D W A Y IN C O M E 
A ssu m e S221 5? per mo B lack top. our table building, se rv ice g a ra g e fe n c 'd 
ISO* IOU open term * 
Call 
Annette 
VAN BUBEN & ASSOC 
684 7171 
344 1o89 
344-9693 

B L A N C O 
T f X A S 
8o a cre place and lift acre place S775 per a e r 
Also SO? acre ranch with live cree* dam m ed with lakes. *7?S per acre 
512 655 2o82. 

BLUE MOUNTAIN RANCH 
45o acre s north at K e rrville Ve ry scenic wdh big live oaks, sp rin g' well Loaded with deer and turkey f at sole bv owner 
518o a cre 'in a n t in g a v a ila b le M ik e C h ild e r * 
(915) 698 7o48, 692-3477__________ _ 

CHERRY CREEK RANCH 
Over r-8o <j< re? ut ge n tly r o 'lm g 
Com al Counfv Hill C o u n tr» Only JO m r un n o rth of LOOP 41o with m otor h igh w a y en < e s 
B e au tifu l 
759 SCJ ft ra n c h ho use 
P o i m an ho m e b o rn *, sh e d *, fen ced a n a c ro ss fenced 
R e a so n a b ly p rice d with attractive term s 
J M C U L L IN A N , R E A L T O R 
B O B J O N F S. R E A L T O R S 
428 J A C K S O N K E L L E R , 782t* 
512-344 1341 
C H W A H L R i A L T Y 
Good telethon F a rm * R ancile* 
I 37V 5693 I J79 571o 
Seguin 
Tx 
C M W A H L R E A L T Y " 
Good selection F o rm * R anches t 17B 5693 I J79 571o 
Seguin. Tx 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your tone* from tile natives 
P IP E C R E E K T X 695 o4oo 

CJM tar rn land 
3 $m6H 
**. fa* rn tractor 
5 
NH, It a m il# Sid© Rom, s 
? m ch m om tm t, clat 
» 4 mc.ft and 5 men hand lf soil Y * Com 334 36 IO. 
7o or 3 14 ?96') 

494 76S) A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW 6 KLINE 

 r t f T Y Y M Y O T h 6 m e " in Alam o 
Bede a J bedroom 
2 baths dining 
I com , livin g r OO' I, tam iiv r porn, g a m e ro o m kite non 
Ca pets d triruou! centra' a r beni paneled 
By >W'1C 545 4!?! 
R O C K P O R T 
B A Y V I F W 
CO T 
TAG S O N L A R G E LOT 64* 94)1 

 mo A C R E S B Y O W N E R 
6 m ile* southw est ut JOU' P inion 
Good ranch land fenced on I tides 
P o sy occr- s on paved road Strong on possibilities 5ou (JOU Owner wit! 
- Of r V 54o JOO note *53 9 ’ 12 
44 A C R E S F R O N t i N 'S b V L O S P 
16o45W approx 
6 mi from Loop 
2 earth *i'ks ? goon wens ail t r o is , a c re pe anut aliet 
■nent 5 covered no ise staples and drier nice out buildings Au this and a beautiful >>9o so it 2 star . nome* m stoteiv auks 
4 bedroom . J bath library and gam cr oom H im - otto and bunt in B B G pit 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924 4131 
R E A L T O R S 
*75 o69» 

 gnso> F o ss oi bort A ra n sa s argo 
O O U G L A S A N D ! R SO N 
8o3 G m d ln o 
732-1342 

23o LOTS 

T 
T H " '" - 
T 
• 
" T 
” 
' mil coo san o erm uaa Beautiful oak 
'e c s no i cJa. 
G o rg e o u s setting lei 'he to atry hem e tuff Outside the C'tv ' leat tor horse farm aper jhor 
J4? IJH A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Tear 
T F 

' ’ Vt r f 

 ncJ n .: Ii bur a cabin, blind* *85o a cre jim 
Real Estate 684 4276 

LQCKHILL BLOB SITES 
Lockhiii Selm a paved, 339,1oo 
Baltic cav e a 35-958 
123-o665 
736 17*6 
3*4 7 4*9 
W A T S O N *. SO N R E A L T O R * 
L O f i , B u i l d e r s S o n ta I new development near M ad iso n School 
824 45o, 

$ v # i " 6 5 I c T i n r “e ~ 7 a m i" T r e x o * 1 J ro o m cab in , sho p 
35o well utilities 
A dream setting tor your ch earn hom e' 
575 672 
R E A L T O R S 
344 o622 
Guy Chipman Co i— .I im ^ ii ii i- ii Mmrnmmmmmmmmmmmm 
232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 

T ?^ T !fT T ,T l,r ! T - t l ^ ,T l^ m o 7 n 1 o M ranch north et Ruidoso New M e * ice 
Id e a l tor h u nting, ex ecu tive ret!eat, barse ranch ar ihe op and cattle 
P r ic e d to se ll 
E x c e lle n t term * W ayne A d a m * R e al fcsfof* 
(585)622 12M d ay* or (M S)*2 3 4o37 

251 

E x c e lle n t H u n t in g JO A c 
*voO down paym ent i l ly 16 per r 
Owner linac m a avoitobii 
( 
714 - >63 
Form end R anch Listin g* Wanted 
SO Ai r n * o 
' -pi Autor p tu e 
F D 
618 Mi c 
'CX ll. 

 w ti ‘i- S' 
Wt de tun de*a< 

G O Z A , R E A L T O R ougl A.-t 
Sci- :• do 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Sin iQltv 
M ore m on H ad 1 in tu ry Se vie 
REQUA REALTY CO 
R e a lt o r s 
SIo8 Broadway 
>24 45o7 
F I I fwCi RA'ktCH E S 
R I i i i ) f N ? 1 
U M G E O R G E , R E A L T O R 
242 
5 
Mom, 
Boerne 
244-2471 
149 3345 

3oo ACRES 
-ro w * M edina La ke a na highw ay av e sta' term s 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
695 848o 
1 535 4555 
1 535 4S»4 

FOR COMMUTERS 

Count! mer tai only I r I* IU* lr 

C O N T R A C T O R S D IS T R IB U T O R S 
L a rg e m o d e rn office b ldg 
(OxIOO w are house, lu m ber eq uip sh e d , truck s e rv ic e a r e a 
?4o«31$ lot trode considered, excellent term * 
341 4455 
N IT E S 826 6713 
L A U R E N R B A R N E B E Y 

Creekview Drive 
16 14 Acre* ?oni-d LL with 7)o foot front of inter section with D irector and Dividend 
13 43! A c r e s iO m -n L l d ir e c t ly ae ro ** from M on tgo m ery W o rd at intersection of Dividend 
2! A cres roiled L L on Poth sides Of 
Creekview D rive und on Salado 
C reek 
Call E D C o to . 826 5*18 or 227 81o5 
E.D. GOZA 
REALTOR*227-81Q5 
EST A B L IS H E D M edical Clime 6ooB scifi Price d to'.ell, tei m s 
714 5434 C P K O S U B 342 o141 
FO R SA I E 
45oo *u lf healed ol lice or w arehouse snore on approx 
I ’ j acre* Zoned J, additional out side covered storage Excellent tor contractor* E o *v A rco ** to (H IO ready tor o ccupancy 824-9471 
Beanie Owens Co 
1oo3 N j LOOP 41o office 
IN D U S T R IA L W A R E H O U SE 
IM IO ond LOOP 41o E 14 4oo sa ti acre* 375,ooo 

VAN BUREN t ASSOC 
684 7171 
433-1247 
344 V693 

Loop 16o4 NE 
14 6' A c ie s fronting 4oo feet on Loop louting M eadow O ak* Subdivision 
U 94 A cres fronting 4C>o feet on Logo 
16o4 NC lam ing obove tract 
Call E l) G a la , 826 5418 or 227-81o5 
E.D. GOZA 
R EALTOR«227-81QS 
M U 5 T S E L L . IO' investm en t on properly located UU IH 45 and P ot 
Booker 
2 residential propertie 
P a rk Ion a V illage (prese ntly rent erii ?' ac rex in Luk ewood Ac re h o u se o the S o u th sid e (re n t now! A sk in g P rice 326,ooo Of m ilk# 
Offer 
534 |8?4 or SJc 8825 
M r 
M ' m a After 5 x/3 1o2 s 

O W N E R R E T I R I N G perpetual incom e established, hon and b u sin e ** in ra p id ly g r o w in g 
/A arhie t uns In v e stigate H|1* out ilp n d i n g 
O P dO i tun I, tori 
Lucrative term * 
Contact 
Bob 
•Vial I av 

VAN BUREN (A SSU C 
*84 7171 
344 9693 
41J 124/ 

 ta A C R E S GOOD H U N TIN G 
45o d o w n p a y m e n t 
Sev 46 pi 

64o A c r e * 
G r e o t H u n t in g 
H ?v Hi per >.- ■ t- 5 deem pa,inc- with 2o yea' term * at 7 '« u m p 
*> ie re si 
Ow ner financed 
C C 
7J4 7964 

Jprt/liU 
OOO 
24 ac 
> A u s! in c hers 
T re n d un. 
* «tee nth r o y a lt y 
313,ooo Bv Owner 826 21 17 i u j N T r r v o r T a m t x — tau t I* T-e*a% f deer fur ne/ Quail hunting 2 oat tie ids a n d tQO**s O w n e r f thane m g at ? 
? 
C an m 
444 z n / C ollect tor 
C ra ig before So*** 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 
SUO. 
R A and E V 
B A N D E R A and E V E R S R D 
H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 
W U R Z B A C H 

684-3311___________ 

F U R N IS H E D 
APTS. 
SUO. 
R IT T IM A N R D AT I H I ! 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 656 1oo1 
Astoria 
1o363 S A H A R A 344 4191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine 
342 E S U N S H IN E 714 4422 
Al 841 N St M arys, 4 clean room s stares, bus, only *35 wk bill* od 
224 o629, 733 828o, *14 Q334 
A T T R A C T I V E . 
A I R 
C O N D I 
T IO N E D O o rq ge apt *7o 734-o453 
I B e d ro o m opt 
*1oo m o nth p lu s deposit 
KIOS S St M a r y s 223 5o94 
Or inquire Apt 6 
I B E D R O O M , B IL L P D 31oo 
E F F IC IE N C Y , B IL L S P O 33o 
J E R R Y S M IT H , 494 3855 
F b I d r O O M C o t t a g e s , o n d et ficiences, air. bills od *25 wk *95 m o up 514 34o1 or 434 9345 
2 B E D R O O M , D E W E Y Adults. no ge ls *145 732 7738,7 32 )o82 
2 B e d ro o m m o b ile hom e, (a n tra l air hncit 
E 
Central School Dix! 
63 3 1364 3 

• Mixed think ftub tai'Mies e liym mid (ie* Eserine 
(loxes 

• Beauty Shop 

• Sauna Bfhiilpool 

 e lermn (ouit* J pooh 
• lro*l Eiee iltngeiatm* 
• IO Minutev to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. SouHicro33 

3 3 7 5 2 4 2 

A l M O S ! N I W Room y 3 2 2 (radio ontrol) 2 story condom inium < on nm ut to K e lly 
U S A A ll I S A 
M e d ica l (e n te r oft B a n d e ra a n d ullahun R d * 
N ear T H u d H ills, 
NW. H a s < or pet wall wall, rang< disposal dishw asher di apes down fairs, central lieut air Brick, very m in v o id no retriaerator 
I ease 
I OI J yrs *3oo lier m o sm all deposit F ran k I ennard, 734-6756 ai 
69o K./3 ut night___________________ 

(eating Deity 4-3, teactny 1-3 

1 Bedroom $145 
2 B e d ro o m 
$ 2 1 o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
611 Utilities Foul loiqe ('tovJioiui l', 
Basketball 
Goal 
Shuttle bom (I. lighted tennis loud J laigr swim ming pools hem Irei'S* 6 18 
Stuli Hospiiot, Beton Valley boll louise 
Truly Ih e b « » * n m t o l v u lu o m to w n . 

2 7 1 5 la s s o * 
3 33 5 3 3 9 

OASIS APTS. 
1o387 S6HARA OR. 
341-2111 

Family living, 
2-3 

Bedroom*. 
Furnished ot 

 unfurnished 
Childrgns 

 playground Immediate oc­ 

 cupancy. Month to month 

 leases ovail. 

Apartment locators 
No Charge 

W HHflt M Y F * CONN. lovely 2-7, HW, family 
$225 + 

K IM A K !* + HU SH CARFI! 
N tantra), TH J-lVi, pool. patio $24o 

WOOO BURNING FHKFUCi 
Unique NE TH 3 2Y», polio 
$429 

T l i U t k u M 
828-o681 

WHY SETTLE TOR LESS or ovei pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S 
Block al Ft Sum North Dote 
826 9159 824 15«4 _____ 

2 AND 3 BEDROOM 
LUXURY APARTMENTS 
A l R O S S f R H M I I I H IG H fo o l and all utilities pd 
T A N G IE R A P T S 
344-5989, no 
(ult* otlei 
8 P M 
________accepted________ ____ 
B E A U T IF U L True H ouse A p l* in an i den C o m p le x n e m B r a c k e n idgi Pk T i inlty Ll and Dow ntow n 
V ie w of C it y 
P o o l l-n u n d i v 
M odern and i a m ici table M anage * 
M U L B F R R Y T E R R A C E A P I S 
315 t M ulberry, 82? 5436 be d ro o m , liv in g d in in g k itch e n um blnaflon on 
*1oo m onth pius u t ilit ie s 
8o? 
R o u s e a l < r n h i 
36 o71 1, 734 S79?__________ ______ 

2-Bedroortu, Southside oui m l air heat hills od < nlldren accepted *199 S33 948n 
B IL L S P A ID *195 lo *275 
Terrell H ills Aren 
824 2851 
S E IT Z A A SS O C . R E A L T O R S 

BROTANY APTS. 
8*o? Jones M a lK b e rg e r, 341 Ji?n 

CASTIE HULS ARM f o r quiet m atu re rttW e n t*. ? bi iir Oulu 
2 brith 
*215 
I B e d ro o m 
I7S I fee utilities Pool, ta i B dft* 
Ask tai Leant# T Hom os, 341*151 or 
144 9114 eves and weekend- 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41« V ance Jackson R d 
P A R K L l k E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M 5225 B U L s P O 
P A R K D A L E A P T S. 342 o1*1 
E C O N O M Y E C O L O G Y 
Short dr ive to college, shops, or I ii the bus I bedroom, dining too 
TH E G O L D E N K E Y 
A p artm ent L o cators 828 *739 
F A IR F A X A P T S 
P f f "oxf lull ie. i eat ult, q.'oi I i? 77SU____ 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2 B e d r o o m . I h a th , $21o 
A cro ss Street ti nm I cc H igh I blk from N im itr H ig h 
I blk 
Jock >oo ceiler ( lem eniai v 
M A IN I A IN E O W IT H P R IO t 
A L L U T H IT H S P A ID 
233 H E R W E C K O R 
144 SHU I 

B e d ro o m near F I m ud 828 69o7 
S a m . w otkr 

Brooks McCreless Area 
1 B E D R O O M , U N F U R N *14* 
I B E D R O O M F U R N $199 
2 B E D R O O M U N F U R N *199 
I B E D R O O M , F U R N *219 
Central heat air trills pd one,I, ten 
, a c r o s s fro m b u * S o u th o o m t 
Acpt*. 533 13oo lose to bus. sh o p p in g center. 2 bedroom nu e and c ieqn 734 583 s 

M O H A V E N APTS 
Nice 4 bedroom Call 82H 18o5 after 
P M Apply 135 f.lnudhaveu behind 
■hasCV s 1*1/2o oft Austin Hw y 
•D O W N T O W N P O ST O F F IC E * 
2 blk*. Air, J room s, rorp#f, Cleon newly dpi oi quiet M atu re lady preferred 176 AAcC ullpgyti 824 7788 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JA C K SO N K E L L E R 
Nice I B edroom Apts Just 2 Btu i s 
Off San P e d ro Convenient to Cen ira! P a r* M o ll and N orth C a r M ali 
N o Children N u Pet* Form or Un fern 828 46lf 
25o C M a y fie ld turn apt Quiet neighborhood. No pets. single em p lo y e d p e rs o n 
N e o r Sn 
S u n s. b o se . 
Ret D e o re q u ire d 
W ater od 81o5 927 9677 
T m ay the gentle pore of five Bourd walk 
Spend your offer noon* chol 
(m g w ith friends d u 'in g a go m e or b rid g e W alk to W o n d e rla n d Or 
Central Pork M o il Colen o nos ta a n y w h e r e 
J o in Our c o m m u n ity w here oil ooes shore (hi good lift 
3516 West Avenue 449 429J 
B a rry G u lin q w otn Co 

• LINDA APTS. • 
233 HOWARD 

I blk 
M etro po litan H o t pita), M e d ic ai P rofessional 

B ld g . Baptist H o spital arid 
M u m 
Bank, efficiency 
I u n d 2 be dro o m ap t* Start 

 m g of $ 1 / 5 
Adult* 
N o pets 
2 2 6 -8 4 9 2 

IF YO U Q U A L IF Y 

I Bedroom I Bath *147 * ! * * j Bedroom i Bath it s * *271 
3 H.-ilroom 2 Bofh S I/9 *?8r, 
Ail Utilities Ce ntral A n and Heat k e t r iq e r a i o r , k « n u « . D i s g o i a l , 
D r a p e r ie s , 1 Y A n te n n a H te ro gi 
U nfit and M o re Ap proxim ate ly 15 
M inutes tram M ilita ry B ase s 
921 o41o_______£914 Roosevelt Ave 
LA B A N D I H A A P T * 
L U X U R Y I an d ? bedroom opts 
1171 B A N D E R A R D 433 3/14 
2-1 L A R O E livin g an d dining 
W alk 111 r In se ts c o v e re d p o rk m u an d outside sto ra ge , w a lk in g de- tom *• oil shopping 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1*41 Bnbrnck af N W L o n g 4 ft 
____________141 2228 
K V F B E T T E R F O R L E S S 1 
G R O U N D L C V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
B KC E L l E N T M A IN TE N A H C I 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
29J1 E 
SOU T H C R O S5 
414 ISPH 
L O O K IN G F O R T H E I D I A L A P T 
W E H A VT IT 
I B edroom s. I Fu bot tis coveted balconies tor plant an d oat a c u r in g , slur oui- room i d o l IOU* loom s, tai* of p antry ani star urn '.urn e 
THE M E R IT A b l 
154J B abcock at N W L o a * 41o 
341 u n 
Low er 3 room s, and bnfh refrtg 
17o6 W C raig. Prefet settled ( aggie 

N E A R F T S A M nice t bedroom , air, carpet, w a in 
BB* Od T IU 824 8369___ _____ 
Near Ft Sam 4o? Nofolen 5 room s. bulb an, waler paid no pets 812o 
,34 J54V 
________ 

N O C O M P L A IN T * 
Abuul the storage in a 2 bedroom bath 'noster bethoom suite W alk - pouf 1 v 
T H E M E R IT A G I: 
1543 BObroek at N W t OOF 418 
341 2271 
N,-o’ town North Nice. quiet sm all 
2 b e d ro o m 
8125 m o n ih r i l l fc refQr ten. WK Conf!, 22J 56Oo 
Nice 2 bedroom near FT Sam . SUO mo. water pd "74 8169 after 4 
N O I E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
N ear Ft Sam arid downtown I file 
A p t * 
B il l* Pend, *89 pe r m o 
227 4/or 1954 L Houston 
North ce n tral I or atren E lm ira and 
M c C u llo u g h an d INTT 
N ear bu*, adults only N o pets 
F u rn ish e d t bedroom notion s W aler pct t i l l with Pep a M o te a se 22* star offer 
6 and weekends, *9* o73o 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
Attractive I be d'oo m , dishw asher, nag, pool B ills pd *16o ond ut, 525 
D o g 1o 7/m. n $gm 321o E IS E N 
H A U E R off 
H a rry 
W g rib a c h 
8229195 
N O R T H S ID E 
1526 C O N T O U R 
2 1 nom s arr, bill* pa 89o Adult* No get’. 
R eference* 826 6146 

OAK HILLS VILLAGE 
Aum linen!* and r nw nhouH-, 
1847 B A B C O C K 344 6724____ 
One Bedruom U n fu rn is h e d G u ru u ' 
Apl 875 128 684 7 
_______ ____ 
PLANT NUTS 
Don I m iss ill* lu r it u g r ii you *> lo o k in g to r the ideal o p t lo *< si 
o1o111*. 
I Or 2 u iv r ix d patios, tar very ap artm ent 
IHE HERITAGE 
1843 B A B C O C K ut NW 1 hop 418 

V|8 R A N G E R S 
( S n u 'fte o s i ut' la rk ) I bedroom duplex 855 mu eiley * 41 4642__________________ 
AC a l t o I b ed roo m stave, reft ip 
IO* mo, I per *on girly I i i 5244 a h a r u 
A p l* 
1o115 
S o h a m 
444 94/1 I bedroom *175 /bedroom 
1*5 
I bedroom *215. All electric lichen B d l* paid 
___ 

P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E D R oft Weidner rd M o d e m I Bedruom , 4S3-2444 

E X T R A L A R G E I bedroom , I both 
'urge potto outside storage, furni lure available 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
IS41 B abcock al N W Loop e lf 
MI-7221 

12o Acres Hunting Country 
S 149 SU per acre Owner w ii'ftn an'e tor 7o years a l ?** ximpte m ftre *l with 
S>. down paym ent 
Coli 
? 34 7o64 
IM AtRkS IR R IG A T E ? ) W E L L 
C o " als, peon al field coastal 
111 9 m W A T SO N A SO N 
*7+1262 

• b l? ACRES • tittle B ia n co R iver ru n s thru Flus ranch n ea r fcendaiio 
I b e d ro o m h o u se c»r od w en 
C o li M ic h a e l 
KOM** 828 8995 
RANCH MARKET 
655 4 2o6 226 5184 i i A I R I t A T a rlo ? t » f lose To 
Texas Vets 
R A F B Sltge per a welt ame 661 5718 to A C R E S 
5 W t l Y N O P r i T o ' 
New B ro u n fv lv 5 A c re s near P e ­ re*! Both with hornet ond fenced 
Owner • will finance 
*84-4211 gr / ll 9943 
P iQ N E F ti R E A L T Y 

23 ACRES lie r 
P o rodise! H a * biri and uutstondm g 
<i < w *125o per a- re. 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
*95 8486 
1 536-4*55 
I 545 4596 j'ik t 'B it S 2fi m r I f, $: roo liberal financing by aw n** 
S M 8876 
"o r n lt J e c ? 

LOS A L L E c d R A C IC H — -in ' fur hontiou Hw y tfoliage and ovet I , w ilts of N a c c ft I? iv#f Ail of o o rf at 
3. lift a c r e * 
%79*> a n ac re 
G o o d f e r m it toy a w n e r i i ? A M 3411* 

M E NAi> U c b U N T Y 224 a c re * 

•‘R I M E 21 A C R E S in trauspo r lion smui, OuS"it-»s tndusfnoi o pie x o' E Sn ' Antonio inside L o 
4 Cr. o " utilities e v ad ab le < iecu 
OI. 1 I cady to ie re IOO " !>- m duslf ' w a ih o u sr rn alf i tam d v 
J M C U L L IN A N R E A L T O R 
144 734! 

BOB JOHES. REALTORS 
P R O F E S S IO N A L O F F IC E B U IL D 
IN O e u b u r b * of K u n s o * C 'tv 
I dependence m u S?5 o«o W llfi'u d e d ow n pa v m r •■ i un v I- a .-I pro ne.', or porno b u l me Ss M o i un tnauines lo 4b» t t • m • i t rultny, exas 78648 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
I23S E M U L B E R R Y 
B e a u tifu l, sp in iou *. I O na ? be dr oom*. lust 2 block , from M r at» m r Idu«‘ P o i* and Ti Sam M auston 
I urn o» 
U nfurl' 
All 
B d ls 
I'uiO 
426 5o*1 

PECAN VALLEY 
Got! Clul) Apts. 
M SO I SBUTHCROSS 

3 2 3 5 ® 
___________ 
Quinter 5231 B lan co , to w n h o u se * opts, 1-7 bdrm , / bath see com par*, very reosenobi* 441 *1 l l ____ 
Sm all opt* near town go d SAC pius depo d 
N o children or pi 
1648 

 scenic in c oak country E a s y ac c c * * to b *» t d e e r o n e tu r k e y country House and pens Land ho* 
4 w a te r w e lts 
O w n e r w ilt toik term * 
P ric e d to sell OI *4 s* per a c r e C a ll M E N A E D R E A L E l 
TA TE (915 ) 39 +44 77 pf <»1S)J9* 4959 

IO A C S to I R R I G A T E D F A R M 
W oter well fu rn ish e d neat h igh way. 88?5 daw n paym en t 
81)6 49 per month Ow ner h n o n tm g uvarta bl* it qualified Call 734 9598 

 n r m r i i M e q 
, n e a r 
R io 
M ed in a B eautiful rafting hilt* ex c a lla n t r a n c h lg n d o n d e x ce lle n t hunting Him per acre 8)4 *711 

IT T house au d g a m 
C>ly w afer a n d e ie c lric it y lr i, g a it e n r t g h H fro m river targe dom Vet y gooa fish,nu 
*6u uuu a na goad term s a vaila ble ta qualified buyer Contact te e Roy Peter s Sr 
I 879 2 749 or 879 2424 oft 5 87o-215* 

42 acre * ' on mu live ook bdl* deer a n d tu rk e y 
3*5 a c r e * , l i b e r a l term * 257 ?/9l 
Argand 15o6 o n e * W to n S a p * (To 
Good ran ch land, tai* al deer, lur hay and uuad 1/1)1 232-2171 

TAKE YOUR PICK 
A T A S C O S A C O U N T Y 
*o* a cre ranch paved access. 2oo ocres 
CUR'votable balance in brush 
2343 a c re * et p g r h o ily im p ro v e d ro n c h la n d , go od a c c * * * a n d im provem ent* Arletran well 
B E X A R C O U N T Y 
?2 acre * m s,de F M 1*94, north af 
Thuusund 
O ak* en 
Jonas 
Muir yb* i vet 
11S o tr a t p e n n y n o u n ,rig fertile 
Kind with 3 houses 
I I I a c ie s af rich ig r m le n d end becurl bottom s on lh# M e d in a River with excellent access 
B L A N C O C O U N T Y t*?4 Betes typical hiM country with home*, shed pens 
C O M A L C O U N T Y 
28 aero*, gently slopping g ro ss grid tree covered rand Fr anting an State 
4* ids* wast ut 781 
689 a c re s, g e n tly r o llin g C o m 
County H ill* #niv m inute* north of 
Sun A n to n io m in o r h ig h w a y ac c e ** 
B e a u tifu l 178o sd ?? ra n c h hoy**, ho rns an a shed* 
W IL 5 o N C O U N T Y 
O v e r 18 a r r a s, deep sa n d y lo am with large hance weft outbuilding tank* highw ay fromage 
J M C U L L IN A N H E A L T O M 
512 1*4-7)41 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 

RR BARGAIN 
Off dowr town s p U U M ain lin e 4 way access lo im 
)5 $4 CXM per acre 654 4811 OI /OOI broker 
Free 
U sed 1ox16 It I; poi off ic' de liv e ry-V i my 732 5171 
Z O N E D O I l l raom%, 4 fix€#H#!!t cond* 
♦ ion id#Qt tor at to it tor o ffic e r 
IOO'<1)o lot O Atty $o9,5oo 
WARD REALTY 
B U W m COMMERCIA! PRtMiJY 
UEASt 
3 j Ar i es with elder home and outbuilding* Zoned tor envth 
,ng 5148 Blanco Rd 34 7 7 o9) 
C O N V E R S IO N 
H c o Vtv shop or convert to o n ce, business ''OO sa lf o ftllO o c c e s * 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2571 
F O R l f N T 
I? 51 iO 'n solidi m a sc a ry I slur y bu-id>ng 
U d a ll or 
S e rv ic e a r acini ra tio n in c lu d e s 2 boy aor UU# Short distance off iWJ? esp ii 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824o351_ _ _ _ 

FBEE SOUTHSIDE 

LOCATOR SERVICE f M u terne*. I J an d J b e d ro o m s 
(urn,shed or unfurnished 
)j IJo(| 

 f u m G a ra g e Efficiency. 6 lm o * Pk ut bus Im m ocuiate. air condihoned 
S in g le p e rso n only s m a ll t o ’ 
Waler po t'o5 2/7 o715 offer |. an day Sot and Sun d'i * 
Tm3 F u rn ish e d 1 B a g r o o m A p t* 
A ir, C o il A ny D a y or E v e s 
I ii 
A M 
9 P M J JI I i i ! t a r * F u rn ish e d ' i" B e d ro o m "iiipi 
Air 2 Blk j n\ Lf 

Keily Cab A ny D a y Or 
IO p rn 922 oo)4 
3559 G R A N T A V E /ft B io m e , t und 
? bed''rom s. <enirrji air, carpeted no I hildren, no gels. 
Bitts paid l h IJH 

 t OOM fie A T B A N D E H A R O A D 
W A H L H O U S E S O F F IC E S S T O R E S 
4/44 C O L O N Y O K IV B u t T A IL 

NW FrT m e" SH O V PIN G C E n T k MS h e i l M itdebrund 
Vance Jo ck *#n 
Hen sortably Rf iced! 
735 oo81 gr 4*6 777/ 

O F F I C E S T O R A G E Or m a c h in e shop N ew ly rem odeled >8* aer *u 
343 788) 
____________ 

KeFiy View Apt* L a rge I tre.iruum ap l 
$135 
I B e d ro o m *88 
F g r n 
Near k*H y, L a ck 'o n d ond Security 
6»4 6649 

U V E p f t E * F O R I E S S ( 
G R O U N D I E V E I D U P L E X E S 
S U E N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H I U S A P T S 
79 J' I 
SO U f HL M O SS 
534 8898 
M E T R O H O U S E D O W N T O W N m o d e r n e f f i c i e n c y t u r n 
112o lo St 35 313 4TH ST ^7* 1333 
M O R R I! D O W N T O W N A P T S 
A P re sh o * A d d r*** 
EMU tenty und I bdrm I? ! t. M u. 
I'lg /q 2/7 288o 
M O T E L Efficiency Apartm ent* onq ffggm * 
By D ay, Week or M u n lh 
D i 2 8112, p i < 4 /6 ? 
L t:2 o15? a ; 4/o? Netu Ft Sgm I A | 13/7 

O L M O S N E A H S A N P E D R O 
375o sa I? Cit off n e ond w uiehau**, alf m ouser g build n g 826 3311 

WAI* BOUSE 341-4113 
Near P f Sam amt Dow ntow n 
I be or oom opt S14o I B e d ro o m OOI 
SISO 
Water od 
7?4 f 
G ra y so n 
7/8U6 9 
____________ __ 
N eo r Et io m i S l E ieo n gr,' I be 
Ot aum. g a s w a ll pd SH O 344 64o8 

SomettMii nevi Swihside rand M W n e g a n f I bedroom el hriency C o m plefriy turn t o r pated pool O nly ti2 7 m o S I I M otw eil* between S New Brouille!* und IHT? 
R O B IN S N E S T A P T S S I) OSM 
S O U T H t bedroom , punoied cen yemen! lo everything, water gas lid 
TMS 92 I 2167 

S O U T H C E N T R A L 
1 B E D R O O M U N F D P N S H S 
1 B f o r O O M . F U R N n e e 
2 B E D R O O M U M F U P N *15o 
2 B E D R O O M . F U R N SI/6 antral heat air, extra la rge rooin near Viufh side Globe V V 592o 
Sp a ciou s 2 ond 3 b e dro o m * idem for yo ung m a r r ie d s with O in t o " ch ild th e B o a rd w a lk offer* I be d ro o m * u n fu m tor S29o jf club room cmd la u n d ry C lo te ta 
Wand I ' land and Centra P a r » 
IST" W est Avenue 349 42o3 
B a rry Q illingw uler C o 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HME HIC. 
IS I ) N O R T H P A N A M 
223H U 
WOW E R I »4 s et Ij j , 

TENDER LOVINS CARE 
.Overed win* way from car to ap* u ungry and ritui'bQx urea so (tau von t get drenched la r u c ' u>>< too won t b a rk your sh in * 
>41 V! I i 428 15V4 aud 5*1 
T H E K IN G S T O N A P T S 
H O I Venue 4t»Cfc*pn F or TCC an shore a I bedroom apt or the Boardw alk for SIGO each Pogt club room an d la u n d ry f ioxe ta 
Central Hark and W onderland 
3534 W #*l Avenue 349 4281 h urry O flliM w q fe r Co 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
I, AW D I N P A T IO S 
C L U E R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S A U N A S 
I J 4 B E D R O O M S I 7 B A T H S 
S D S to $276 B I L I S R A IO 
P A R K TO W N E A P T S 
4)4 4191 
N I I B A N D E R A R O A D betw een M tttnvst and < attaghan 

L & R TOWNHOUSE 
B e d roo m * o n . beat S ilo W< 
I P a tio 
159 E l M io 4o8 Ira tx 141 8446. 494 'J ZH 824 6i l l 
Iii 

S E C U R IT Y 

Apts. i f f ii of D istin ctio n ss f o nd 7 b e drabn, shed an d U nfurnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
IT) BH AC K E N H ID G I A V E 
(O P P 7/oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
IM-1 lf I 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
I urge r and I B edroom s f r o m s n ; se ( p o r n i n s > 
118 V A N D E P M B C X 174 2349 
O F F N N E W B R A U N E liC S 

THI HABITAT APTS 
? Bf BROOMS 

A L L U T IL IT IE S P Q 
381$ W E S T A V E 
344-773o 

THE MAYFAIR 
A V A IL A B L * N O W 
I B E D R O O M . 7 B A T H 
A L L B IL L S P A ID 
242o M C C U L L O U G H / I M A M 
B r A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y 

THE TAHITIAN 
7 B edroom I bota IZZO 
I bedroom / bota, I Soc *« H *29o 
F b i location i* *c> c o n v e n ie n tly located u sec and cor i* not needed 
A LL U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Bloch To N orth Slur M ali 
2o7 B IR C H L E A F , 34? o285 

THE TARA APTS 
8oS I B R O A D W A Y 
A N A P A R r M f N f 
Unforgettable at, it* name 
I B b GROOM, KS*, 
? BEDROOM, *?Ii 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 

. 
_ 
T IM E TO M O V E 
I# Heritage n a * ....... four 
HS# ex ira d u * e f* la rg e I riv e te d un bu end kin g An b ills od 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1* 8) B abcock of NW I oup 818 
________ 
341 7228____________ 

+3 T O W N H O U S E u,ai d in in g patio gw*s>o< Der a g e , 2 c o v e r e d p a r k in g Ut y o u i foul Poolside 
THE M k H I I A G t 
IS43 B abcock of NW I woe 818 tai 2121 
Upper ettuernev 
I O ccupant it 
M i (.uMough See Bibs u J 73+9)8, 
622 W H 
V IL L A G E O A K S A P T ! 
12 Britt oom * and E H ic ie n c e i 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
8911 N N ew b ru u n le l* |2« 4292 

Page 
I O D 
San Antonio EXPRES5-NEWS 
-+ 
■Sunday Jan 2 1 97 7 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 o 

(APSRTMENTSUHfURN ) (4 o 4 ) 

NORTHEAST 
C O N V E N I E N C E 
I Bedroom Apartments 
*145 □ *165 □ '1 7 o 
Utilities Paid 
□ (harden Settings 
□ Private Patios 
D Pools and Party Room 
□ Kffieieneies, I and 2 
Bedrooms 
□ Dishwasher. Drapes and 
TV Antennas 
□ Walk to Northeast 
Sehools 
□ Close to Fort Sam 
D 3 Minutes to Windsor 
Park Mall 
O Furniture 
Available 

P o r k 

V i l l a g e 
Apartments w 

4 1 ° / 
WALLEM RD 

♦ w in d s o r 

Z 
PARE MALL 
C f o fclHNMAUTR 

I 
Of 
*!iU L G I 

483o Ray Bon Drive 
6 5 3 -7 3 o o 

3o1-o9-ti W M agnolia 
Apartm ents from *135 and up. N e ar 
SA C . c o n v e n ie n t s h o p p in g , bus lines. Coll 733-9857 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPLEXES 

A L A M O H E IG H T S 3 o ik s h ig h school, 3-2 2, sun p o rc h , c e n tra l a ir heat $25o month. 822 975o 
B A C H E L O R S E F F IC IE N C Y Bills paid. C ornet, bar 
N ear F t. Sam . 
$1 IO per mo. 824-6788______________ 
• 415 E LOCUST • off McCullough 2 bedroom 226-o868 
F R E E utilities A ttractive turn., I bedroom n e ar F t Sam . S13o mo. 
824-6788 . 
M ove now, 3-1vt-1, w ash-dry carpet, fenced for pets too 
United, 735-9121, fee (779-3) 

 a ir . 

 m w 
IfiS e lo H o r 

W e ’ ll f i n d y o u r s , f r e e . 

O P K 7 DAYS A W W o m e n TH POUGH CXH T K AS 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

DIRECT C O Q V fS P Q N O IN C f TO 
4123 N. C W TR A l K P W Y 
DALLAS, TIX . 742o4 

N e a r F t. S a m , 2 b e d ro o m , o d p lio n ce s , c e n tro ! a ir h e a t, $15o. 
736-7235 or I 885 7123. 
Ranch style house in country setting 
NW side S A. Porn Utilities od Pool table $45o mo 696 8oo6 
S.E. garage apt, bills Pd, paneled, carpeted, fenced $13o 
United, 735 9121, fee <781 3) 
134 S U R F P ID E R (Lackland K elly) 
3-1, air, lence, $16o. 826-7913 
We howe the la rg e s t selection of rentals in S A See the profession ais. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee Fee 
Woodlawn T e rrac e, I odrm . w ith a ir and heat, real clean $?o 
United. 735 9121, fee (776-3) 

4o8-HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

AAAA - ID E A 
DO N T W A S T E Y O U R M O N E Y 
W IT H R E N T W H E N Y O U C A N 
OWN Y O U R OWN H O M E . W IT H AS 
L IT T L E 
AS $1oo D O W N 
A N D 
P A Y M E N T S $16o 
NO C R E D IT 
N E CESSAR Y 
675 1691 
674 48o9. 
623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
AAAA L O C A T IO N lo o k in g tor a nice home in a good neighborhood’ 
Own o 3 2 2 beauty and m ove in tor less than 
$4oo. 
No paym ent til 
M arch 
696 742o W A Y N E S LA TE R 344 o916 
AAAA P LA N 
D O N T R E N T -B U Y deposit for rental and see how easy it is to ow n your hom e 
7 3 4 be droom homes, from $13o to $2oo mo 
Int paym ent in M arch 
696-742o W A Y N E S LA TE R 684 6169 
Abundant Southside Rentals 
'15oo SONIA 
I I . CP 
$17o 
9o35 M IN I R LA N F 
3 1 1 
$375 
941o H E N D I 
3 l' ?1 
$19o 
15o7 ESCALO N 
J IO 
$15o 

924-7311 

Dearie Owens Co 
45o S.VV M ilita ry Dr 
_ _ _ _ _ _ R E A LTO R S M LS 

: 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

L A P L A Z A 
341-4621 

• I -2-3 Bedrooms 
• Single and Family 
Sections 

• Fireplaces 
• Tennis 

 m 115 MW LOOP 41o # 
$ 
Across from 
$ 
# 
North Star Malt 
# 

• r n 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
O 
M 

A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes to rent. Lease with option to buy Own your home NO W ! $19o to $5oo mo 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO. 
69o o99o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 

K E M P 
A G ro u t tim e to runt, lease w ith option to buy, or ow n your own home w here we guarantee to buy It back an ytim e w ithin 3 yrs. J or 4 bedrooms, $19o $5oo mo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
2oo3 A N C H O R I bedroom , I bath fu lly c a rp e te d end d ra p e d , a n d furnished kitchen. *165. 
344 * 2o7 , 614-433o 
Dean!*) Owens Co. 
AN extro large 2 bedroom duplex, a ll a p p lia n c e s 
IH IO a nd Vance 
Ja i k .on, 22o New ton $165 144 Ii I i 
A nine 4-2 I, all appliances, fenced. 
N ear U TS A 
USAA 
M ea 
Center 
F e lly -L a c k la n d 
Lease $25o. Plus 
Hep 144 5691. 
A ttra c tiv e I I IC P , r e fr ig e r a to r . 
•.love, washer d ry e r, fenced, c ai pet. heat air 
4714 Costle Rose $2oo mo 824 488o 
Hoi gin Hunters! 3 bdrm . stove and air. storage Only si4$ 
United 735 9121, fee (T II I ) 

CHOICE RENTALS 
7118 CIEN CREEK • 3-2-2, 
$31o mo. 
Central air- heot, stove with double oven, garbage disposal, dishwasher, privacy fence. 
72oo 
GUN 
MKT 
Townhouse, 3-1-PP, $2oo mo. 
Central air-heat; stove, dishwasher, gar­ bage disposal, privacy fence. 
7227 WESTPORT WAY 
3-1- 
1, $175 mo. Central air- heat, stove, refrigerator, fenced. 
73o6 QUIET VAUEY - 3-1-1, 
$ 165 mo. 
2 air con­ ditioners, range, refrig­ erator, fenced. 

I l l lEUiNI— 3 I CP, $15o mo. 
3 air conditioners, range, and fenced yard. 

673-5o83 342-4115 653-o57o 
W o rld W id e R e a lty 

TOP RENTALS 
TWO - FOR LEASE OPTION 
One is a darling two story, 3 bedroom in 
N.E. 
School 
District. Rents for S23S or for sale for $28,2oo 
Or a precious home in Valley 
Forge which rents for S325 or sells for $32,75o. 
Very dean rentals, 3 bed­ rooms, many closets, fenced yard, $2oo mo. Call tor info!! 
828-6391, Anytime t Vea m ie Ow ens 

 s4 w - 
Ut Ll TORS “NKS 
1 o o 3 N . I . L o o p 4 1 o 

CARWASH 
Nobile unit on hock chassis, self-cont- ainod to mash tors and trucks anyplace anytime 
Many fleet customers. Good business 

PASTRIES AND DOUGHNUTS 
Specialty bakery with multiple retail outlets, good going business with established customers, huck routes, equipment, inventory, and skilled personnel. Same ownership for mony years. Annual sales over $6oo,ooo. 

ART GA1LERY 
Northside. Good lease, business must be sold by Jonuory IS. 

UQUOff STORE 
Partnership desolving, will sell business and inventory immediotely or ofter New Tear's. 

CAR PARTS OUTUT 
SBA loan may be assumed with reasonable down payment Excellent 
Northside location, low price indudes delivery truck. 

BUILDING PRODUCTS 
Wholesale Betoil operation supplying commercial and residential builders with locally manufactured products 
ROOTING COMPANY 
Outstanding local operation grossing over'/? million dollars yearly located 
Northside tow price includes choice real estate. 

BOOKS GAI OR I 
Always wanted to cum your own bookstore? Here is a choke location with goad financing available 

BARBEQUE 
Southside Beer, pool tables, party room. Real Estate may be purchased or leosed with the business. 

OWENTAiGtm 
Imported 
Ivory lode, porcelain, furniture and gifts. Good location in mall Owner will teach purchaser the business. 

1ADIES CLOTHING 
Beautiful retail store, Northside cen­ ter, motor brand name apparel and ac­ cessories. Owner's heolth farces sale. 

BEAUTY SALON 
Aword winning hair stybst will remain with shop, growing profitable business. 

PIZZA PARLOR 
Very successful business. 
Super location, one of o chmn. 

OYSTER BAR 
Mixed drinks and limited menu food service 
Plush decor, finest equip ment. 511,ooo down. 

RIVER CUM 
On the beautiful San Antonio River. 
Small down payment puts you in business. 

BEAUTY RIOS 
Own your own company distributing beauty aids through retoil stores. In quire today. 

OH COMPANY 
Distributor for specialty products sold to garages, car dealers, fleets, etc. 
Many fleet customers. 

HOUSE PAINT STORE local paint and wallpaper outlet. 
Death of owner fortes sale. Sacrifice price. 

CAR LEASING COMPANY 
Franchised compony with established offkes in principal Texas cities Owner retiring, will train. 

CHILDREN'S CLOTHING 
Good established business for mature womon. One employee can operate. 

COMPUTER COMPANY large data processing company with offices in Son Antonio and other major cities. Specializing in medkal field. 

HONDA aCUS 
America's leading brand. Buy now and take advantage of the projected boom in cycle soles. 
ELECTRICAL MOTOR REWINDING 
Specializing rn oil field and stationary electrical motor rewinding. Owner retiring, will leoch the business to purchaser. 58,ooo down puts you in business. 

ALTQR- 

MANY OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4 1 3 9 G ardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

PROFESSIONAL D ® 
C 
PROFESSIONAL j m c 
PROFESSIONAL 

C O L L E G E G R A D U A T E S 
Meet and interview with representatives from more than 35 companies who will be interviewing candidates for numerous local, regional and nationwide openings. 

E N G I N E E R S 

MES, 
EEs, 
ChemEs, lEs, 
Petroleum 
Engineers, 
Military Academy Graduates and other degreed engineers. 

C O L L E G E G R A D U A T E S 

 with successful experience in Sales and Marketing, 
Production, Manufacturing, Data Processing, Ac­ counting or Military Management. 

A T T E N D H O U S T O N C A R E E R C O N F E R E N C E 
Beginning Friday evening, January 2 1 , in Houston 

Meet and interview with company representatives from ocross the country representing all types of career opportunities. Conduct a thorough and effective job search within a 
24-hour period. The following are only o few of the interviewing companies. . . 

Continental Oil 
Exxon 
Jewel Co. 
Prudential 
Pfizer 
Dallas Power & Light 
Johnson & Johnson 

Schneider Trans. 
Foley's 
Merrill Lynch 
Bache, Halsey, Stuart 
Compu Serv 
St. Regis Paper 
Frito-lay 

Fox & Jacobs 
Procter & Gamble 
Tektronix 
Westinghouse 
Rexene Polyolifmes 
Baxter labs 
Corning Glass 

Ford 
Kurt Salmon Assoc. 
Mobil Oil 
Union Carbide 
Western Co. on N.A. 
Nalco Chemical 
Control Data 

B U S I N E S S 
O P P O R T U N I T I E S 

CHOICE RENTALS 
4 BEDROOM, 2 bath, Excellent location .......... 
$285 
3 
BEDROOM, 
2 bath, ap pliames.................... 
$225 
3 BEDROOM, immediate oc­ cupancy .............................. $185 
3 BEDROOM, Section 8 OK, Op lion available 
....... $175 
4 
BEDROOM, large family loom 
................... 
.,5 o 
Century 21 

Delaney Realty 

6S3-o5So 

Y O U R O P P O R T U N I T Y 

CHOICE RENTALS 

•7626 Glensfwe 3-1.. 
$18o 
45(1, Waikiki 3 2 .......... 
$2oo 
674-' Spnng lark 3-2-2 
$78o 
221 Oriftwind 3-2-2........IIM 
363oRidgewood 3 2 -2 ... $35o 

MANY MORE TO CHOOSE FROM 
C oll 8 2 8 -5 7 o 4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

•OB BOOGERS, REALTORS 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(IMI .u Imamu WU Nwtk I Mf I IO) 
(daw to (wan Imw Mo I 
8 2 8 - 4 2 o o 
• Adults only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• Large I bedroom opts. 
• 2 Bedroom opts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking o Pool • Party House 
• Laundry • Bus Line 
All utilities paid. 

85o8 B A R RANC A 
7 ber!room duple* with retrial-'(H o r and ■.love- 
Southside 
$125 den, 
341 8134 Of 34? Q9’ 3 
B E A U T IF U L 
H O M E 
A la m o 
Heishts. 3 7 com pletely renovated separate large dining, ItreptCK e in living room plus den, m odern kit e lle n , c e n tra l a ir h e al 
$485 plus utilities 227 6716, 224 4486 
B E A U T IF U L W IN D C R E S T ?6oo so 
It adjoining golf rourse m intm un I veoi lease 
$45o month 
655-9115 
Owner agent 

3 Bedroom . I both. la rg e te n te d yard, carport, guiet nieghborbood, white w all to wall ta rg e t and drapes 
(liv in g room d rapes handm ade ) 
N e a r 
K e lly L o c k la n d 
O w n e r transferred $16o per month O allas 
(714) 741 5951 
I Bedroom , central a ir-h ea t. Bab cath North, 876 69o7 
3 b e droom house 
I both . $ 1 'o month $5o deposit and m ust hove fir si and tost month in advance 
678 111? 

I minute to 1H-1o. 

F riv o l* odwft and family foeti on. 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

'9 o 9 Woodslon* Driv* 

WINDCREST 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • W W * 
APARTM ENTS 

Luxury Living rn N ortheast 
Son Antonio 

FROM $21$ 
656-o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

7 bedroom house. 
737 o758 
736 4714 
836 Santa Anna. 

SI 3o SI 55. 
BLANCO R D and BASSE RD 
1-2 Bedroom s G a* W ater Rd 
68H B A S S W O O D 342 17o2 
1414 B U R LES O N $175, very large 
Bedroom house 
2222 N 
P anora duplex, i oeuloom . $13o, w ater paid 
141 8565 

481o CASA ESPANA 
O H N a c o g d o c h e s Rd in S ie r r 
North, 3 2, (en lro i heat-oir, lencec 
P atio $22o 344-3471. nit#* M I <782 
BOB B R E N N E R MI A LTO M * 
3-2-1, central air heal, dishw asher, stove, privacy fence, neor schools, m alls, and hospital 
$26o month 
435 o372 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
J 
I 

W AKEFIELD STa k u UST J 

APARTM ENTS 

 totally loc sled aa bu dm* I, 2, A and I bedroom SIRO to „ RP 
S35o On lector c.ioss horn 8 b 
North St« Mail 

8So6 WAKEFIELD 

344-4558 

§ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 
I r 
COLONY HOUSE 

7oo1 BROADW AY 

Very large 2 bedroom apt. 2 baths, 2 walk in closets. No children or 

 pots. 
Complete 
Adult 
(am plex. On S it* Mar. 
Apt. 1o2 
8 2 2 * 1 5 9 o . 

C H A R M IN G 3 B E D R O O M J burh c e n tra l o n b e a t ra n g e , fe n c ed some carpet, trees. $235 m onth 
656-1234 
R E D C A R P E T 
Choree Mentals, m o i mony Hills 
3 and 4 betfioem homes $27$ un 
LOU FORKS 341 OHO 

POLY GRAPHING 8 INVESTIGATION 
Top accounts, 
Will teach new owner Nets $ 2 o ,o o o yr. S t 5 ,o o o dn. 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
Kodak dealer, nice fixture!, g ro t! 
$1 SO.OOO, nets $ 3 5 ,o o o . $ 3 o ,o o o . 
DRY CLEANING 8 LAUNDRY 
Shirt univ Top equip, w /p roperty. 
N ett $ 2 $ ,OOO yr.. $ 1 5 ,o o o dn. 
FAST FOOD OPERATION 
Also to go. Owner IO yr*. Always bury - N et! $ 1 4 ,o o o yr., $ 1 2 o o o 
FLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed drink lounge, grossing 
$ 4 o ,o o o mo short hrs., good lease, scots $ 2 3 o , $ 6 5 ,o o o dn. 
ONE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Soots 6 o Good lo co *. Lots of food to go. Nets $ 1 o o o m o. $ 7 5 o o . 
CUAN DANY KREEM 
Ixceflent parking 
Loads of eqp t., m oneym aker. $ $ 5 o o . Term !. 

FINEST MIXED DRINK CLUB 
W ith food. N.I. Bott fixtures. Nets o v er $ 3 ,5 o o m o. 5 2 o ,o o o dn. 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ixed drinks. 
Seats 
ISO . 
Grots 
$ 1 8 o ,o o o . 
N ets 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 3 5 ,o o o dn. 
URGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to base. Grossing $ 3 5 ,o o o A n o n $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 9 5 o o dn. 
BUSY POOL HAU 
M ixed drinks. 
Nets 
$ 3 o o o m o. 
$ 1 5 ,o o o dn. Ne conqtetftion. 
MODERN CLEANING PUNT 
W ith 3 top pick up stations. Good leases, net $ 3 3 o o m e. $ 1 o ,o o o dn. 
SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
N I, real money m akers, clean fix ­ tures, good parking, leases, term s. 
BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
N a n $ 8 o o ma. Top location, good prkg., laos#. $ 5 ,o o o . d t Cfac4>C <J>rt C o: 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
1 o o 3 N. M ain 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 1 

♦ ll 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

L ive o a k A re a , 3 b e d ro o m , 7 fu ll baths, ftrep iare, I car garage, large te n te d y a rd , covered patio, 5255 month 659 1213 

L o v e ly d u p . 
2 1, a ll a p p l 
N . 
4'o-C entral Pk *21o. 521 Southtrail 
1*4 oo94 
M O N T E V IS T A On M u lb e r r y 
I 
S tory. 2 bedroom , 'I bath p a rtly tu rn liv in g d ining, den. lib ra ry , fire p la c e 
K itchen w ith stove, re frigcrator, Organic gar den trees In 
• r unt No children Nc> dog' please 
5 IOO mo plus aas, lights 7118882 
NACO M E R R IN AREA 
7 vr 
Old hom e, lust pointed 3 be droom . ta rd e le d , fenced c e n tra l 
QU neat, garage 5195 494 3779 
Near Ft Sam 2 bedrooms. I bath, fe rn ed. 565 monthly 828 2 777 

Near Kelly. J bedroom, den central 
OII hoot tented void, I (dr drive way deposit required. 664 SAik 
N E A R L A C K L A N D K E L L Y 3 be droom . 2 bath, double garage, fully carpeted All appliances. Realtors, e?4 1552 
HO DSDON A ASSOCIATES 
Near lo town, I bdrm , with 2 fire places fenced now lust $7o 
Untied 715 9121. tee (775-1) 
N E 4 bdrm . I ' } both, c e n tra l a ir, appl kids, pets ok »22$ 
Untied 73S V H I, fee (772-1) 
NO C R E D IT N E E D E D ' 
Why not own your own nom e* Just 
SKK) down! F rom J149 per month 
927 IT M 
MAT M C V E Y 
674 7S73 

J I 

N O R TH EA S T 
523 B U R N S ID E S37* 
I fenced $225 lencec) $22o 
2-CP fill glue* $18$ l l. tent cd i i 75 
822-1 $52, A nytim e 
NORTHEAST REALTY 
Nurlheosi 3 bedroom, 2 both forge den, cedfrai ofr and heed 2 car gar age, corpnt throughout ra il after 5 gni 653-5918 

UNIQUE MARKETING PROGRAM 
PART TIME OR FULL TIME 

 local dishtbgtot con moke projected monthly gam revenue ol $3432 oo port time with a protected gum profit of 33'A per cent (S1144 OO. estimated; tor on estimated 7 IO hoofs of work pet week Assume business responsibilities within 
6 to 8 weeks. Expansion to M l time business within short time possible 
Presently we ore screening polenta! distributers for Son Antonio 8 suburban oleos 

OUR PRODUCT SELLS ITSELF 

Your function as o dHtnbutor is simply restock too and very tong retail store ac­ counts in shopping centers, mu#* and commeraofareas, which Limberly Brooke initially will secure tor you Our Compony s products me sold by employees of these retort stores so that you or* not dn*<tty involved rn sales 
QUALIFICATIONS 

We require a minimum distributor acauisirion cost of S8295 OO You can utilize our generous rebote program to rapidly recoup your distributorship acquisition cost or toHow our planned expansion program to a full ton* business H you have 7 IO hours ovotlobi* weekly ond ore sincerely interested rn having o port tim* or Full time business of your own and you con meet these quahticatrons. 
CALL TOLL FREE 
MONDAY, TUESDAY, A WEDNESDAY ONLY, * A.M. to S P M. 
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
BILL FORBES 
1 -8 o o -2 2 3 -7 5 9 5 
KIMBERLY BROOKE 
SUITE 9 5 o 
6o 5 THIRD AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 1 o o16 

N orth Slur M oll 
Den, All t lee. lr ic trot Heat 524© m 

R a m p art 

City view rn the J I' j-i, has range, centred arr truced $78o 
Unit r d, 7jS *171 tee (8 4 /3 ) 
Close to Ft Sum. lovely 4 I '>-1, stove, rrfn g , corpn! on auiet cpl dc soc $26o month 4S3-4J13_______ 
C O LO N IE S N O R TH 
Near M id ca' Conter and USAA 
Lovely 3 2 2, tardily roam central heat arr, trncr-a yard Lease S3so mo plus deposit 
MONTE VISTA REALTY 
735-o*6* REALTORS M L * 736 9764 
CROWN RIDGE 
Townhouse, 3 barm, 2 bath, corpet- eo draped, club prat $27$ *55 ic,4 

OEH CREST $185 MO 
3 2 t. carpet on , rig pels 
344 73*o WATSON A SON 626 o665 
614 E ORE XEL 
3 l l 
24o3 RIGSBY 
J I CP 
SO) YUKON 
3-J I 
3131 ANTON 
3-11-2 
$33-524$ 

SDS 
SI 

 u s ! 

(JEANIE OWENS CO 
KL DORADO 3 7 2. den firepia covered polio fully cor petro water softener central an h e a l fenced 
53? 6893 after epm ana * re* end! 

EXECUTIVE HOME f o * lease, 4 large bedroom s, 3 b a r n s c a r p e t s d r a p e s i o n ro r more information 
434-4521 tules 
3*2 4849 

Turn er Realty 

For reuse in New Braunfels, I be a toom home on beautiful tree shoo eo property turn or gntyrn Prefer rei'red couple I 625 (Ike* otter gpm 
FOR LE ASF Large 2 bedroom, J oaths T o w n g m e Living, dining, tardily add Utility rooms. J cor gar uge fireplace, Of ana new yard tore fur nisei#,) Pay own utilities 
No pets Prestigious Oort ( Our se 
Subdivision 5*95 per mo Con P A r oc hern goy *24 753? Hiles 826 6*72 

TURTLE CREEK 

LOCATED OFF TMI FAIA 
WAYS 
OF 
Tut fie 
Cree* 
Coon try Club rn northwest 
San Antoni© 
Turtle Creek offer* large roams, toe pkg es, M> service kitchens and many Other features 

(5 9 6 -4 5 1 o 
8831 FAIRHAVEN 

Green lawn, 3 bdrm. carport and storage ten tat at' SISO 
United 7.y f l i t tee (763 1) 
JI I GREEN MEADOW Only S775 tor luxurious 3 I, tormgl Irving dining large gen, 3** UKK) 
Here s a 7 bdrm, sepal ale dining, launch y conimctK.ru ne lease united, 731*111 rte 1/76 2) 
How about this 3 7 I, central on heal appl. areola re fenced SKS 
United, 73S v tjl, tee (77* 2) 
Hunt ana fish 12 acres. 4-2, all appl, pool rust SJW united, 73s 9171 tee (77S I) m IVV, 
3 ? J den, un tome, in * grate, |35o *26 51 37 s28 7V9j 

 it 2 bedroom , h, c a rp e te d , 

YARD LIKE PATIO 
Grrctofter'y Delight 3 b e d ro o m 2 burh apartment home beautifully decorated Washer Dryer included t >elusive area Can 82* 33o1. 
SA APARTMENT LOCATORS 

226 ,i NNI NGS Clee lei ge • • i lust a Du, i fenced, |)* S v?*oo?9 
Kids pets welcome uf'lh'ii 3 'W re n . neat Kelly SIM Call united, 73$ f i j i fee (771-2) 

NW country J t i on 7 acres, fire place, fish and swim $2oo 
United. 735-9)21, tot (76* ZI 
NW l l 1 j-1, inst grunted, large den, f«-nced tor all SISO 
United. 735-9121, foe (772-2) 
O FF URB A N C R F >T 
SCHOOLS 
* 2-2, hug* den in calcic e l heat-oir, built-in kitchen. $38o veors lease 
NO pets 824.*711, 824 19VJ 
MA J i t s a l e M ILL, R t AL T OR 
FARK VILLAGE 
I I carpel fenced SISO 
MORRIS REALTY 655-4996 
Rear 4 small room house, thus! «n welcome. SIBS mo ah bins od pep 
$4o Ss I 1o44 
Regency Place Duplex TTT, ten 
Ira! heat o,r corge!, all electric kitchen laundry conn, p rivacy fenced yord kept wutor paid $29$ 
$514$! I 
Available 
1*1 week in 
J-,Hi,ar y 

RENT A HOME! 
1 7 2 *25o Coli OSS OS 
Morton Southwest Realty 
RENTALS 
Choice NE Rentals 
WE h a n d l e 
Come Sec Us 
BUDDY UECKER 
824 / 341 1324 Austin Hwy 
Rem with opt,o„ ta B uy * i j, den roc 4Wi bear porn I central arr heor ie ne co opal 433 147o 
__ 
NOCK R E N T 
VALLEY hi a r e a 3 ? I new snag i O' get.cg owner anxious. 
$27S fTtQ ♦€*#© 
I VEAR OLO ait appliances, 81 I, storage smoke otorms 
52So mo eaep 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC 
*$4/173 
344 7132 
384 1889 
247 Sacaton. 3 bedroom s, J baths, tom ec garage $19o mg Den Lam 
Pert Co IDS! Austin H wy 
4142 Scarlet Oak ] be a room fence ana carborf SKS Ben Lambert Co tost Austin Hwy 826 8663 
SPOTLESS 3-1-2 with all appliances 
129o 34 1 4484 
R E D C A R P E T 
STOP L DOK I N G ! Con now tor large selection of J and 4 treat aam homes to rent, lease with option to buy or own 
P riced from 52ob SPOO mo Coll til I P M 
Executive Rya I Estate 124 $145 roff s 'w '1 lo o p 4 1'I J bear oom't, 2 bams Sto.e ret- y 
52oo la k e * Mu* 1-2, b u ilt in*. Rigs 

J Oiled TIS 9171 toe ( /E T I) 
IIJI TmORAin e I bedroom, panel h e ar w a s h e r c o n n e c tio n s , IWS 
7c. nee/ 712 7 ii,'I 
_________ 

T ry tor* J I i CP urn) storage, stove, fancea tor kids pets SISO a.i.toa 73$ 9171, toe K24 2) 
SS Tatone 2 I I 
634 *8 Mistletoe turn eft ic 
SHO 
$123 

L ackland-K elly area 3 bedroom , I bath- carport wtffi Moray**, fenced 
H 7S Q 74 2V»4 

L E A S E 2 I 
T h u nderbird Hilts du pie* central ort heal, si76 m onth 
733-o441 

B A R M ! A6ENCV3414455 
V A L L E Y F O R E S T Lovely 4 be d room 
| ba th horn# w ith on ap photic** USO per mo 474 M i l 
R E D C A R P E T 

OWN 5o% OF NEW PLANT 

* 15,6oo Starting Salary 

Plus 5o% Of Profit 

Wt will torn over oar accounts un this area to oar new plant. 
Join our 3 ) year old national company with plants through­ out the U S A You will produce our trode marked products. 
We writ instruct you rn our complete operation. Investment ol $15 OOO lo $2o,ooo required 

Call or write: 

M r . H o f f m a n ( 3 1 6 ) 6 3 1 * 9 7 o 4 

C o n t e r IL S p ru c e S t* ., C le v e la n d O H 4 4 o 9 4 

 a 

NA I lie A! TUY o *1o 
< L .J / ".-c t, ta en am" is looking for some key people to grow with. 

W e ore the notion $ youngest ice cream parlours • but the fastest growing. 

Give us the opportunity of showing you the tremendous money potential of on 
OWNER- 
OPERATOR ond come grow with us. (Cosh in- veitment required - we will finance balance) 
For personal interview Call M r. Donald* 
S I 2-681- I 672 p.*. W e’re gonna be big Boma day 

MOUSES, DUPLEXES— 
UMfURMISHfD 

Walk lo 2 N E Schools, 4-2-1. f*nc#d, c e n tra l h e a t a ir , s te ve , r e in # , laundry W ater ad 4 mo tease $25o 
Owner 712 6oo) 

Won I lost! Rainbow HHH, 4 I ' i i, central m r, cool tented 517* 
Untied. 73$ 9171, tee (771 2) 
W O O D L A W N H IL L S O l d e r 3 be druom, J both, living wilh fireplace large den poneieo heal air units, 
522S month 341-9144 
H O W A R D TA TE c b w t u b y 21 
1973 Af 
T ra Tis" Of p in to , I tar ge beardom duplex, close to Ib u s n n es 
Olio school 344 799$ 

*1? - news ItlKklMC 

A T 1 R A C T IV E B e d ro o m 
S em i private bath * lichen privilege t i l per weex Ladies unix *33 *67o 
M onte V is ta , p riv a te rdurn b a th . aurei mole, air 56o 73$ 4692 

 i i i ROON! WITH SOUD 

 it 4$ a r o v e r, need a hom e w ith 
.ovate, care, food, lr s n ip er fahon 
$17 1994 

Room w ith B o a rd , for e ld e rly , 3 d a d a m e a ls , re a s o n a b le r a te s , bundry done, SM toe© or M l J27S. 

581 -eu$ih:SS geeoKIBWIlili 

A N T IQ U E 
SHOR For said wholesale price 344 4411 

ACCOUNTING 
BUSINESS 
Excellent grpond floor opportunity tor ai cuunto' t* aesirm e then own business. COM Thy P ro g ram Court. velar Tgtl F ree pl IOO 323 9ooo 

B IC Y C L E D E A L E R S H IP S to b t appointed here Tog B u y clos, Trng 
Sporigoods, etc 
H i in te rn e 
C eil 
§o8 l f * S IJ *, O v e r 
ISO or w rite 
I B I , R O Box 2o883, Son 9oS* CA 
♦SHI 
BUILDING io r Rent df i.ru K lie". im align UU) CuPP'c* Rn 735 $6o6 
C O N TR A C T O F F E R E D 
WORMS 
W orm grower s needed We buy ell you con raise Contact K Bee Worm 
Form Otto o177 

EXCELLENT BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITY 
Bur be- shop Lounge 
Cafe ond 2 apts All in I biao Term s or awner will c arry All eouip ana turn. in eluded For m a re info call P o rter, 
R E A LTO R $33 $$!! rotes 6$$ Of/S 

M M T L U M ! 
E X C IT IN G T R A V E L B U S INESS 
NO C X R C R lE N f B R E Q U IR E D 
I om pieie irein in g eA b o ve a ve rag e i n t u m e * F r t e V d c o tio n s o N e tio n . wide end W orldw ide fast grow ing tr a v e l e rg a fu ia tie n needs T ra v e l 
D ire c to rs 
M in im u m in v e s tm e n t 
53888 ie SS8UM, to set u t artic* m a te n n is , a d v e rtis in g a nd fro ,.lin g am 
Coli 
HU 
Ira# at 
327-o938 

E X C L U S IV E 

Aiea ami state wide dis tributorship new available for the first tim* on the most revolutionary new pro­ duct to be introduced in years, lo qualify you must be able to devote at least 8 to 12 hours per week, own automobile ond make an in­ itial cash deposit of $$,ooo 
The pfodud bas thousands of potential users in your area. 
It has been field tested, widely accepted ond tarries a 1oo% meek up. For more information and a per­ sonal interview call-or write: 

Universal Can Compactor 
129oo Preston Road @ LBJ 
N Dallas Bank Tower 
Suite SAI 

Dallas Texas 7523o 
(214) 387 132o 

ASSURED INCOME 
With Guaranteed Sale* 

Nat l company will financially assist you in a prestige business of your own Be th* most "sought oner ' wholesaler in San Antonio This is a permanent repeat type business 
Istabiished—Guaranteed sales to major thorns 
BO 
SELLING-NO 
[MPIOTEES Local office to assist you 
GUARANTEED 
REPURCHASE 
PLAN Minimum invest $3,ooo. 
Mr. Lawman 344-8331 

FOR SALE BY O W N E R 
Popular M exican R estaurant and property 
For inform ation coll to m I lorn bely 433 3361 

FOR SAIF 
W om en s w holesale clothing b u si­ ness. R equires 53,18o tor inventory 
M e rc h a n d is e g u a ra n te e d to sell. 
A ccounts e s ta b lis h e d 
P a r t tim e only 
Coll toll tre e I 8oo-874 St TO extension 75, or w rite M r F red Nm ow 43o6 So M o m , aoli L a ke C ity. 
Utoh 841o7 
Good O pportunity, Ploy School ana 
N ursery, Woodlawn areg SK M u*t 
Sen Coll utter pm 432 S627 

GREAT BUSINESS 
FOR YOU TO O W N " All bi ond new equipm ent inside. G re a t for e xtra 
S5SS55. Call now tor further details 
$7 $-21 SO 

 ice House C onvenience, top locu tlon, cheap buy Rivas 73? 7223 

INCOME Living Quarters 
C ity of S e g u in , v o lu m e tr a f f ic o rca drive lr, grocery and tavern 
E q u ip m e n t o n d s to c k , w o lk In cooter, covered park mu, ? bedroom home, large lot, git 54o OOO, 
CARLOS B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379 *947 
S E G U IN , T E X 
SOI E . Kingsbury 
R O 
Box 1127 

IN TE R E S TE D ... th storting your own business^ We furnish m a n ag in g and m a tk e tm g e xp e rtis e ond assist in o b ta in in g copita! Turn key operation 9o ao*s m torm -m on . att 684 $9o9 

L I N D M 
A N 
A S S O C 1 * 9 * 8 

ENPLOYMENT CONSULTANTS 

IU SIN (SS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase of: 
•C hattel or Real Estate Notes 
•F in a n cia l Leasing 
•F a cto rin g Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E A T 726-o314 
181$ NBC B ldg_______ Son Antonio 
H IG H L A N D P A R K S TA TE BANK 
The bonk with m ore tim e for vouf 
Highland pl H ackberry S32-31I1 
N E E D C A SH?’ 
B U T H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ’ ? 
Coll Union Finance 223 6871 
S M A LL HONOR LOANS 
JUST P R O M IS E TO PAY 
AAA C R E D IT 
223-6749 
Starting, expanding, intangible ac­ counts re ce iva b le .cash a v a ila b le tor these end other m oney needs 
Coll 673-8857 now 

5o6 FIMAMOAL INVESTMENTS 

18°. TA X F R E E R E T U R N on any a m o u n t in v e s te d in a h o u s in g developm ent protect. 
We poy d iv id e r s Q u a rte rly 
C oll 
M r. Hiago from 17-9PM 226-9o66 

INSTRUCTIONS 

H A LLM A R K 
A f no-TEC H, 

BfCOMf A LICfNSiD a v ia t io n t e c h n ic ia n 

• kpproveij for Veterans 
• Accredited BATTS Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Course* in Airtrome ond Fowerplunt 
• Quoins tor FAA ASP Limner 
• (ours# Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Asp Howe f l xxx 
I Jaw. Blee 

VISIT o 8 CALI 
HALLMARK AIRO TECH l l 3o 99th St., Stinson Field 
Son Antonia, Texas 78214 
9 2 4 - 8 5 S I 

ENROLL n o w 
: SI , HAMI CI-, i d 
• N u t!*! Aide 
• Mato Orderly 
• M edkal A u l. 
• lab . A u l, 
• Approved tar eligible Veteran* 
• eligible tar la it* r-*at* 
J o b P la t a m a n t A ssistance 
•o r In form atio n ta ll 
S.W. School of 
Medical Assistants 
2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
I I S B ro a d w a y 

O AY A N 'T E CLASSES 
In on Business Courses and D rafting 
V et Approved Enroll now 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
1o$ SAN P E D R O 
22$ $4o1 

K itc h e n , (c o n be used to r s hort orders.) 1343 West Ave n ? 336o 
L A U N D R O M A T for sole 
G ro ss 
$21,ooo G reat location 36 w asher* 
18 dryers 
Coll now! 6S4o3I7 or 
431-465$ 
L O C K S M ITH S B U S IN E S S ON 
W onderland s parking lot 
$4,ooo buys everything ana puts you In business 
W ATSON A SON R E A LTO R S 
736-1766 
828 o464 
333 1163 

LO U N G E FOR SALE 
Northside. 47oo blk of Blanco Coll fpt term * 341 8134 342 o913 
Operating Restaurant business ond equipm ent tor sale 224 777$ 
O w n Y o u r Own B usiness' W hiTe 
Auto Stores, 19Hi Field Rd , W ichita 
Foils. TX Coll (817) 692-341(1. 
P a rtn e r W a n te d fo r B u siness in 
Costu 
Rico 
Tovtor, 
111 t 
M ylsocht 

P M T OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n 4 B r o d * tre e » soys 
C o m 
O perated Laundry and D ry Clean mg Stores ore one of two mdusti 'es with me least failu re figures 
K W iC K w a s h c o m o p e r a te d lounor, ana dry cleaning tost stores tor Soto 
WE H A VE CAoice laundry loco Irons rn ever * oar* oI San Antonio m a o * ta build r.Ow 
S a n k r a t e f i n a n c i n g 
For m torm gtion coll Bd Floyd 
$1 2 6 8* 3771 or v is it o u r w o r eh o u se s h o w ro o m o f $4o1 jo c k - 
WOOa Son Antonio. Tx 78.mu 
Ford Com m ercial Sale* In t. 
The W orld’s la rg e s ! 
Speed Queen Distributor 

 p r o g r e s s i v e f l o o r c o v e * 
IN C CO . C a te rs lo p re s tig io u s clientele • Ow ner financed • a n c *, t *4o* 
M A V IS 
CAUL BY 
R E A L T Y , 
S <7 6+4-2136 
WANT TO OWN YOUR OWN 
SMALE BUSINESS? 
O w n e r a n x io u s m a y c o n s id e r second lien. F u lly eq u ip p ed p re s e n fiy in o p e ra tio n r e s ta u r a n t loeany loc oleo »o lu c k to na 
Kelly 
Security S ervice For m ore de roil* call now 
6Z$-28$o 

 n m & d m l r 
WE BUY 
Businesses and inventories 
J KAH N A ASSOC. 342 4*72 

WOOD OPERATION 
AOD Cord* Ready Cut Win sell IOC 
Cord* m inim um 733 111? 

 urn n u n lf ll ll ant) 
We buy war t i* under confract 
W orm grow er* needed 
St? 653 SUO 
W O RM E N T E R P R IS E S 
Would you Ilk# to earn tx tr o income donors rn your spar# tim # without interfering w ith your present too? 
>28 IH C between 4-dpm. 
_________ 
SM M B ll IHE 

Business, personal ar re a l oslo!# toons, (bom'4pm coil 227 IBIO 

Finish High School at Hom e 
W rite A m erican School C T 29-1. SSO 
E $8th St ,C hicago, Illin o is 6o637 
Dial I 8oo A?' 8318 toll free________ le a r n Rroess nnai B A R T E N D IN G and bar M A N A G E M E N T , a w o rld ­ wide oroti '.siori jobs in dem and rn clubs arid restaurants tor m en and women 
B R O TH E R H O O D SCHOOL OF 
BARTENDING 
A T pxos C ertified Trade School ottering free tab assistance ond VA'discour.ts Coll now 
149 2tDl or 923 91'?? 
1815 JACKSON K ELL t h Suite 2o2 
New classes begin tan to 
LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
*2o6 S fio re * 
971 IHAO 
Veteran inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational Setout 
1913 S Flores 
22$ 3753 

 t o i 
' H O iis s im m 
‘X R H H W Y IN Y T J e g re T ^ ^ 
With progressive co responsible positions wore m deeendanlly 
*97oo Coli Dean Ross 732-226) 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G r M'piuyrnent Service 96 G ill Rd 
A O M IN F lliA N C 
5A ♦ t O ond B rated ce Consumer leader fortune 
SOO start $66o8 
Coli Sam Spade. 
341-25$ t. 
S N E L L IN G A S N * L U N G 
Employ 1o7 W R E C TO R SerylCO 
A D M i i m Y r a t o r s w a n t e d 
A flm m isfra'ors w in Texas license needed tor large grow ing company in South Texas area A reader in the 
Meuitn C a i« Field we ofter e tu i lengm g and rew o rd in g opp o rtu n i­ ties Send your resum e lo 
Express 
News Bo* 7772, San Antonio, Tx 
'8297 

Aopllcoticn* "are Being act eotocl By rn* (n y o> B uerrte. te x a s for the position or (e m b e d Ruiroim on Ap p iic a b o n tor rn m ay ne oo*an »d tra m Q ty Hon f o e 'ne Tex 78oo6 
AUDITOR 
113,ooo 
Excellent Cd., great benefits rapid 
Pdvancamenl M oty 826 4494 New 
D a y P e rs o n n e l C o u n ts , 9o1 NE 
LUPP 41o m r w s i O T MI lo w ork T TO ) m entally retarded nervous M aster* degree from an or cre d ileu school at sac tot w ork, J y r* tun tim e exper te rn e in s o cia l s e rv ic e a g e n c y . travel required * I? I9 mo A p o n ia lio n s a v a ila b le a t A u s tin S to le 
School 2TAI W lith l l Austin, Tx, 
454 4 731 E xt 3o7. An vaunt oppor 
>unity em ployer 
Data PfDctssina 
G row ing ( ontu tttn a and softw a re 
F irm has openings for A naivst-Pfo gr am m er D egree 3 years Exper 
'enc* in Pushes* applications, ana proficiency in C O B A t is required 
S o w s Open 
W id e a i Telephone 
M oichponfc* A P a r s e r , inc 
4S3I 
Center yiew D r Suite 12*, San An ta "hi 78271, 7)6 19o9 

EHCTR8N MICROSCOPY 
Position available tor person ex per ie ne ed in the preparation and evaluation of tier iron mic roscopy specimens. Must be skilled rn use at ultram icrotom e and electron microscope, knowledge of photo­ graphic processing also desired. 
Please cat) *7+ tora to arrange inter v tow 
Southwest Foundation tar Research A Education 
Kauai Opportunity im plorer 

NO COST TO JOB APPLICANT 
Cqual O p p o rtu n ity em ployers M ZF 

To see if you qualify to participate, send five (5) copies of your resume and a self-addressed, stamped envelope lo be con­ fidentially screened to: Bob Williams, LENDMAN ASSOCIATES, Dept. S., 

/SAO LBJ, Suite 93o, OoHas, TX 7S2SI. Phone (214) 661 9591 

LIBERAL ARTS GRADUATES 

BUSINESS CAREERS 

Make Your Future with the Leader 

The finance and administration division of Datapoint 
Corporation is presently seeking well qualified individuals who have completed a liberal arts or other non-bueiness, baccalaureate degree and who are interested in a business career. 
Positions are now available in our Training Program designed to provide non-busmess college graduates full-time employment and the necessary on-the-job and academic training to enter administrative or general business management careers with Datapoint Trainees will be required lo seek additional university level course work in the disciplines of accounting, electronic data processing, finance and general business Individuals who have a strong academic background and are self starters, intelligent and highly motivated are encouraged to apply 
Positions offer excellent salary and benefits, and reimbursement for academic framing us well as opportunities tor advancements with a growing corporation, lf you meet the above requirements and are interested in this opportunity, send resume in confidence to Mr. Don Warrington, Datapoint Corporation, 
Personnel Department, 9735 Datapoint Drive, San 
Antonio, Texas 78284. 

An AAii-tuf vt, Action Employer Comrnilrea to I que' Opportunity 
DATAPOINT CORPORATION 

D 

The leader tn dispersed data processing 

Beet Opportunity in 1977 
RETAIL MANAGERS & BUYERS 

I Must have recent retail experience as manager or bu ye* 
| or assistant manager or assistant buyer in ladies'. I 
I men s. children s wear; fabrics; linens; shoes; drugs 
Good pay, good bonus good benefits Closed Sundays. 
I reasonable hoofs. Im in San Antonio or Austin Call or ] write Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grimm for confidential ap 
| p ointment. 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
11B Soleriod, Son Antoni* 782o5, 512-225-7163 

EMPLOYMENT AGENCY F II PAIO BY EMPLOYER 

SALES TRAINEE $12,ooo salary bonus 

Equals first year income Second year income, $ 1 8 ,o o o -F 

 averoge 
National co, w ith tangible product a n d repeat business. Co oufo and expenses furnished. College d e g ree 

 required. Individual selected must be management oriented 

AUDITOR TRAINEE $12,ooo salary 

College degree required with minimum 15 hours of a c ­ counting Accounting degree preferred Career opportunity 

 nos! attractive, 

 b y a p p o in tm e n t on ly 
Thompson Employment Service 

1 2 5 9 Jack ton K a lla r 
3 4 2 -2 3 9 1 

ASSISTANT PERSONNEL DIRECTOR 
Outgoing individual with 
Bachelor's degree in personnel management or business. 
A minimum of 
5 years ex­ perience in personnel administration or the equivalent in other key administrative capacity. Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. Qualified applicants are encouraged to submit complete resume to: 
EXPRESS/NEWS BOX 52 2 5 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

VuL..i.in n iirWBi wi »n ii ~ t Tm— ue— i — nui in mean in Jf 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS kdwrfitomenH rn (bose tetwnM orc uuepraci on the premive that joo* el- t*<«8 errli o4 Wed en lh* aosis at merit without Otvuimintnioi bemuse of h i unless th* tot) is a benoM* or tu pa lienal qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES lh# Sen At ti onto Ftm it Imjrioyment 
Anat lotion has a uqid (adc al I thus t# «hi(h oil us pi nu it employment oqeiKy memi#<s subsume for m formation about private employment our noes. ar action an (omptoints, caf! 
2/« /BO? af th* Bettor Business 
Bureau 

----------------- 

Goad Cd needs your *xpen*nc*f 
$(32o Mary 878 *4*4 New Day Pat sonnet Con sit* vat N e Loup ll# 
Load I 
• I g f r V f f R - 'f l L W 
Fees PAID INO , K i t e , M IC H 
CIVIL, CHEM POR td < AL ANO 
OUT OFT Ow N COH *84 *488 
FINNEY I Assot lotus Personnel 
Consultants sui* Cuiiuunan No32$ 
BxT cU T iv e DIREC TOR 'Arailer 
Hearth avance bockereund end ar colley* rlryre* (.double of adminis 
I ration of sfott Knowledge at 
Federal tram s and fund raising most helpful #mn«uai helpful im mediate ti Penns# Send resume and salary requirement to 
CXPREIS NEW* KOX SMI 
SAN ANTONIO,TX 71297 

 n j T f l t e R 6 1 s i t N K R 
IE .p e r lanced with hi#n solo* volume nae*around 
Apply Central 
P o ,* interior* ii 

J d i H U N T IN G ? t i l 56S U A 6 * 7 nard H olto n* A 
341 316o bine* placement asem , 
W an p s g c is s o r p k i BB7 

A s s a i 
I S I } ) 
>947. 
Hat a 

 hr*, plush attn * Mio type or will train Far app. ceil 
SOK k spot 
__ 
Stove o84 8*88 
FINNEY A Assonate* Per sonny i 
I un*,.Hunt* S83S CoUddban No37S 
MAN AOB P Trainee la learn entire 

K moray * ) i j y j IO S R $e?y,ct 
PROGRAMMERS FEE PO i7K~ 
Laced firm, Cobol «xp euod o##ry, areal future. Amy* si4-bend 
FINNE Y A Assoc lotos Personnel 
Consultants $83$ Catiuunan N om 

 c 
PROFESSIONAL 
SALIS 
D © C 
SALIS 
SALES 

_ 
® 
SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 

Consultants 

18oo NE. loop 41o 
828-5573 

All Positions listed Below 

Are FII PAID by the EMPLOYER 

BANKING 

(Coll Myron Goldman) 

V.P. CORRESPONDENT LOANS 

TO $24,ooo 
I Our client hoi on immediate need for on experienced loon officer with a good 
'background in lending and credit Ex­ cellent opportunity for the banker who i 

 tikej to travel (did wonti lo be associat­ ed with an aggressive bonk Cor plus oil 
^benefits 

TRUST ADMINISTRATOR 

TO $2o,ooo 
Our client needs your degree plus 2 5 y o n experience os o 
Trust 
Ad mtnistrotive 
Generalist with a background in estates, stocks and bonds Some pension and profit shoring experience would be a plus 
Strong department. Plenty af room for growth 
Should be strong enough as an ad­ ministrator to toke over duties with minimal training. 

' 
HEAD TELLER 
TO $84oo 
Progressive San Antonio Bank .leeds your teller experience NOW! Should hove some accounting, oudit and report­ ing background A degree preferred. 
Will be responsible for opening bank doily, supplying, scheduling, auditing tellers. 

TECHNICAL 

(Call Roger White) 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER 
$14,ooo to $16,ooo 
Will handle maintenance and in­ stallation of power equipment and high speed mechanical production equip­ ment. 
Degree preferred but not necessary if experience is strong. Must be people oriented and be able to coordinate and plan maintenance function 

INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERS 
$14,ooo lo SI 8,ooo 
I Several positions open with various companies. 
Experience required dassie IE functions with emphasis work measurement and std. data systems, 
MTM, work factor. 
Knowledge of Spanish would be helpful fin some positions. 

SHEET METAL FOREMAN 

$11,ooo to $12,ooo 
Growing local firm seeks a mature person with strong sheet metal forming 
^experience. Some knowledge of electro­ plating would be helpful but not man­ datory. 

SALES 

(Coll Sandy Howard) 

REGIONAL SALES MANAGER 

$25,ooo 
Sales management responsibilities for a 
Regional Soles force selling ophthalmic lenses and eye glass frames wholesale optical Jabot atones ond op tic ions 
Candidate should hove background in either of 2 areas 
I) 
Sales management in eye glass lenses cm frames; or 2) sales management rn consumer products. OTC drugs, jewelry cosmetics, fashion products, medical, etc. 
Company cor furnished plus lucrative bonus pion 

SALES PROMOTION 

MANAGER 
S2S-32.ooo 
Responsible for supervising a small staff for a major consumer goods manyfoc hirer Duties include soles promotions supervision of a warehouse, territory 

I supervision, and very limited od 
I versing Individual should have stmitor 
I experience with national consumer goods fem tho! mokes a heavy impact with advertising, sponsorship of public events, etc cmd is 
X exceptionally aggressive in its promotion activity. 

SA LES T R A IN E ES 

$24,ooo PER ANNUM START 

4 IMMEDIATE O PEN ING S 

Fast pcced Homebuilding-Development Firm is looking for Aggressive, growth-oriented individuals lo train for careers for New Homes Sales in Son Antonio and Austin. $2,ooo a month salary dur­ ing extensive 3 months training program, then excellent commission schedule geared for performance - Our top soles men earn $35,ooo to $5o,ooo a year. To qualify. 

1. You must have neat, conservative appearance. 

2. You must be willing to work a 6-day week, including Saturdays and 
Sundays. 

3. You must own a full-size 4-door car, less than 2 years old or be willing to purchase one within 9o days. 

4. You must have a strong desire to make money. 

5. No Real Estate License Required. 

Outstanding opportunity to begin professional sales career: Quality homes, growth atmosphere and professional approach to sales program. W e provide 2 wks vacation, profit sharing, company insurance package 
C a | , C o ||e c t f 9 . 6 Mondoy-FHday 

51 2 - 3 4 9 - 9 4 1 2 
Or M ail Resume to: 

HOMECRAFT 

P.O. Box 16431 
San'Antonio, TX 78216 

Cm 
PROFESSIONAL 

Men and women... 

Executives 
M an age rs 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying jobs are not advertised. 
Haldane can show you how to find these |ob$ and how to get the interviews. Send your resume today or call now for a no cost or obligation in te r v ie w . 

Not a placement agency1 
■ ■ 
■ J i b e ' na id 
I l a l d a i M * se*-***? associates 

Til* only national intl counseling ond (or*«r management service 
San Antonio 
Centai, etdg (MNI Im ;, 41o 

Dept ( S I?' H I 3146 
Son Antonio, friot ll).’16 

Also batkn and Houston 

(obi* UHuTivt 
Regional oh nr. lotion, (nu ago 
Lr,eland Doilot Detroit bout'on 
Lot Anattot Son t(anotto tampa 
Bt* Twk Philadelphia Wuthmglon 

C A U JO H N VEST 

I i J L I - 

 i lot fro 
Meld prod, Ilion in tithe i Quality i antral ai Flan I 

 tray $13 • IFK, To* paid 

S i l l 

Design A supe ins* in Blottto- mech piodwticfi plant 113 IFK, lee paid. 

MANAGER TRAINEE 

(hoo* growth opportunity to learn 
I earn to* relent college grad 
S/oo rn, tie* luge 

826-9671 

2446 Ceegee Street 

LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

Smalh Growing research and development firm specialising in electronics instrumentation and f W located in Austin, Texas is in need af a 

SR. ENGINEER 

 with radar experience 
ENGINEER SCIENTIST 

 with training and/or experience in both hardware and software with mini computer experience highly desirable and 

TECHNICIANS 

 with experience in both mechanical and electronic work. 
Coll I -83 J 29o4 during working hours ond t -255-393o during off- duty hours. 

SP A S S O C IA T E S Professional 
Em ploym ent Consultants 
828-5573 
18oo Plaza VV 
S T A F F A CCO UN T A TN T 
Growing 
C PA firm seeks bilingual, bonuses 
SU,OOO Coll Phil A rroyo 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 94 Gill Rd, 
TEACHERS! 
Specializing in Teacher placem ent 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
2o7 JA C K S O N K E I L E R 
978-1292 

6o2 SALES_____________ 

A N ^ H T o r o n T c a T r ie r T T L T N t Y 
O F M O N E Y plus ca s h b onuses, fringe benefits to m ature individual in San Antonio area. Regardless of e x p e r ie n c e , w r ite E . J . B a k e r , 
A m erican Lub ricants Co..Box 494, 
Dayton, Ohio 454o1 
A R E Y O U T H IN K IN G n* sterling 
(o r c h a n g in g ) a c a r e e r in R e a l 
Estate? Inquire at our corporation, where you hove continuous training and o p p o rtu n ity to h an d le m ore clients We are now interview ing w ill train the right people in con­ tracts, financing and salesm anship 
W e furnish 3-5 appointm ents per week w ith h o m e b u ve rs to r you. 
Must call this week (or approval a* our next 2 week evening class Call 
G re e n 828 o755 
I N T E R S T A T E 
R E A L E S T A T E 

ATTRACTIVE 
S E L F C O N F ID E N T , In te llig e n t exp sales lody needed to coll on business executives High com m is sions, oonus, and c a r a llo w an ce 
Call 342 8183 

TELEPHONE SALES 

SALARY— FULL OR PART TIME 

The American Automobile Association is now inter­ 

 viewing prospective sales representatives to start 

 immediately. Selected applicants will be thoroughly 

 trained and will begin earning salary from first day. 

Leads are provided, excellent commissions, bonus­ 

 es and fringe benefits are part of an outstanding 

 compensation plan for permanent full time sales 

 staff who will receive guaranteed salary. Part time 

 telephone sales representatives also required and 

 will receive guaranteed salary. For appointment 

 call 
Mrs. Berberek, 2 2 5 -6 3 3 3 . 

AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION 

An equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p lo yer 

$ B M B P *Q K IP f|4 n K F > ^ E i|j|R S U ffC rS ‘^ 9 E o V tD II8 H N R H K S M H flM U ! 

AVON savs, 
H A PPV 
M A K E IT A H A P P Y N E W Y E A R 
P a y OU lost ye ar s bills ond start saving again No selling experience necessary. Let s talk about it. 
Call: 226-o941 

COAaM I S S i 6 n C O N C IO U S : R em 
E s t a te 
S a le s . 
U n h a p p y w ith e a r n in g s ? O o o fv ? F u t u r e ? C a ll 
Tex Vet R eed y, 435-484o 
C O M PA N Y R E P . 114,666+ Fee Pd 
Successful sales exp Som e college, travel SA, Valley. Natl co, car, all expen+bonuses, excellent benefits 
Call Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 G ill Rd. 
E M P L O Y M E N T C O U N S E L O R 
F ast grow ing ogencv needs sales monev-oriented person! Com plete training program , group Health + drow+ commission + bonus. Know now lo take com m and and handle p eop le! Jo h n H a m p to n F ie ld e r , 
Owner U gr. JO B S SO U T H 923-4346 
ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Salespeople ore am ong the highest paid in the world 
I. Im m ediate openings 
We will tram 
Must have car 
We work leads - appt basis 
For personal interview 

732-21o5 

FIELD REP S7oo 
B B A . will train Relocate, Call 
R ay 922 2711 1233 SW M ilitary 
Job Experts, Inc Placem ent ser 
FO O D R E P 
V e ry successful dist 
Prefer route sales or tra c e ry retail bkr'd. Lite travel, 5 day wk, Co cor 
$832o Tom Snow, 341-255) 
S N E L L IN G £ S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W R E C T O R Service 
G R E A T C H A N C E 
To expand Into m ony real estate fields with pi ogresses- pi oup 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
U N E L E W I S £ A S S O C IA T E S 
Soles Placem ent Service. SJO H F 
Loop 41o. Suite 2o6, 828 9o67 
M A T U R E S A L E S P E R S O N tor ladies sportswear store 
Wilt Train oppiv m person 1oam !2 noon 
■ 
S L A K N S T U P 
Central P a rk M ad Low er Level 
N E W C A R E E R O P P T Y ^ 
I 
Estab Co will train outgoing you in sales $I2K M ary 828-6494 New Day 
[Personnel 9o1 N E Lo o p 4 IO ^ B 

NINE OOT OE TEN sales personnel won t read this od but the one wno does is the aggres ye salesm an we a re looking to ho isn't atraid to try som ething new • something better Call todo and see how ou r s a le s m e n a r turning today s economy into a gold m ine of opportunity Cod Tom 
B a r t 349 4847, 349 4397 d a y s , 
828 4o74 eves 
Openm o tor salesperson in estop lisned insurance agency W ill train in the sale ot lite, health, auto and nome insurance. Coil Je r r y Tipton 
22J 18 *9 
PA R T IM E 55oo per montn. Would that be of help to You? it so, cad Joe 
Garcia, 3 6 9 - 4 2 9 1 ._____________ 

$3 PER HOUR PLUS commission to start, calling on our stomers Car necessary M ust be at and d e an cut 494 5812 
P.R. 
Meet Ca. Ex ecs Se rvice A ccts 
P R od ar sates exp. helpful 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
2o7 JA C K SO N K E L L E R 
828 1;?? 

Real Estate Sales 
I you ore licensed ond considering hanging com panies or p rep arin g to apply tar a In ense. call me tor on interview In addition to a generous commission schedule, we ofter ex- lepuonal ottice occom modofions in e x c e lle n t lo c a tio n s p iu s s o c io l s e cu rity ond M e d ic a l In s u ra n c e paym ents 
Russ 
Khngmsmitn 
442 41oo 
WDR! o WIDE REALTY 
S A L E S '. *45o E " A month lo'1 star ii 
W ill train M otor co Hi school or college grad. Cull Pete 732 2191 25o1 

Jobs North, Inc., Placement Service 

SA LES D E A L E R S H IP S 
SI,2oo SI,JOO P E R SA LE) 

Experienced distshp pros needed ta sell Bicycle Olshp s with Dynamic 
Co , Expar a MUST Hi Comm cad tor appt setting 8oo 124 5126, Oper, 
•75 Lid openings, self starters only 
Resume ta I B I , P O Box 2oo*3 
Sen Jose CA 95146 _______________ 

SA LESL A D Y 'S PO SITIO NS open at I. enny's north and Southside stores E . petience preferred Good salary, em ployee discount, nospi taii/otion, i -aid vocation No phone calls 
See M rs Green a r M rs Huey at 
L E N N Y 'S 4o North Star Mad_____ 
Soles person needed tai yr- " O T I 
T e mg* (o m m y m c o tfo fl co m p o n y loping for real estate or *n%uroMte val#* per*on yyitti a 
I yr* exp I 
-muti'C piton* 

 eQuipment Ail otner* nttd nor ap ply Coit 341 6635 

U L f's V T tA lk E E ' t V V — 'TT 
Degree no car. expenses banus 
596oo Can Betty Grant 732 2261 

SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 

Employment Service, ta GHI Rd 

SIRLO IN A Cb new has I position open tar aggressive direct sales­ man to de commission wark. We have on opportunity tar the in ­ d ivid u al that has m anagem ent potential ta advance No transpor­ tation requed, we have a vehicle program and mere Far inform a­ tion ceti Gene Mf-42)1 

SALES 
_ J (Z o 2 ) 

'OPPORTUNITY lf you have a real estate license and it s not making enough money for you 
YOU CAN EARN BIG SUPPLEMENTARY 
INCOME FOR PARTTIME WoRKI 

We need licensed men & women for evening and 

Saturday and/or Sunday. 

★ We train you. ★ We furnish prospects. 
★ We pay high commissions— weekly. 
You can work full or parttime. Call today for confidential interview. Mr. Mack, 732-2 111, 
9 a.rn .-9 p.m. 

NORTH AMERICAN TOWNS 

 xOF TEXAS* ll 

* 6 7 2 

Per month + Monthly and Annual bonus arrangement for 

 successfully managing ladies specialty shop. Additional com­ 

 pany benefits, including profit sharing and hospitalization 

 plan. Applicants must have 2-3 years experience ct store 

 management level. And Large local following. (Others need 

 not apply). Positions Open In San Antonio and other key 

Texas Cities. 

Send complete details 

 to P.O. Box 4863, San Antonio, Tx. 78285 

MKT SPECIALISTS 
Established national manu­ facturer of electric motors has immediate openings for three marketing specialists. 
These individuals will report to the product manager, must have EE, ME, or BS with industrial sales ex­ perience. Salary is $2oK 
+ fee and relocation ex­ penses paid. 
DIAGNOSTIC 

Rapidly expanding leader seeking technically oriented and experienced sales rep­ resentative 
- 
Science or 
Engineering degree man­ datory. Salary to $25,ooo 
+ Compony Car + Expen­ ses 
+ 
Bonus 
+ Commis­ sion. FEE PAID. 

TRAINEE 
College degreed preferred, but will conside- others with a positive ond enthusiastic attitude ond some sales background. Position is with third largest company of its kind. Base is San Antonio with travel factor of one week out of five or six. 
$1o,2oo +• Company Car 
+ expenses. Outstanding benefits and promotional opportunities. 
Gall 
Nancy 
Cook. 

I l l 
SALES 

JUNE LEWIS & ASSOCIATES 

SAUS PtACEMiNT 
SiRVICi 
83o H i. loop 41o 
Suite 2o9 
828-9o67 

 c 
SALES 
D O 

Telethon* Soles, fun or ca rt time. 
Responsible person needed A dvan­ cement opportunity No experience n e ce s s a ry, w d frtro in 
C u sto m e r soles and service, tan M ills Po rtrait 
Stadia 7o7o Son Ped ro Call North- side office 
828 3433, «12 . or 4-8: 
Southside office 172o SW M ilita ry 
Dr 924 32oo 

T E R R IT O R Y R E P S 51oK + 

San Antonio EXPREJTS-NEWS— Sunday Jan 2 I 9 7 7 

SECRETARIAL 
SECRETARIAL 
D © 
SECRETARIAL 
3 
® 

N ational com panies seek re lia b le reps, tram this area. Compony cars. expenses. 
Some 
F E E 
P A ID 
684-861o 
F IN N E Y & Associates Persc-nei 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No32S 

W ont intelligent housewife to soil furniture 5 days including Saturday. 
$1ooo-mo, if qualified No Smoking 
F IS H E R 'S 145o N E Loop 41o 

W id o w e d ? D iv o r c e d ? 

A partm ent Selector is now a c ­ cepting applications tor Apart ment Counselors. The Company supplies the prospects and the listings. YO U supply the hard w o rk , d e d ic a tio n an d en th u siasm re q u ire d tor this outstanding care e r opportunity 
Base salary pins excellent bon us pion. T e x a s R e a l E s t a te 
License required. Call 349 1737 

TECHNICAL 

Electronic 
Technician 

Must be qualified in Solid 

State & Color TV 

★ Excellent Working 

Conditions 

★ Paid Vocations 

Ar Group Insurance 

★ Profit Shoring 

★ Pension Plan 

★ Employee Discounts 

★ Uniforms & tools 

 furnished 
Apply In Person 
1o AM to 3 PM 
JCPenney 
\ Windsor Pork Mall k equal opportunity employer 
A in,,J, ...........M T T 'T T I 

S E C R E T A R IE S !!! 
Lo o king For A G o o d P a y in g Job W ith a Future? 
H O M E C R A F T C O R P O R A T IO N 

 ii a fast paced Residential Construction Development firm We are seeking (oteer minded Secretaries to fill SIX immediate openings in San Antonio 

All the positions ofter good storting solanes, with salary ond performance reviews every 
6 months, plus company paid in­ surance package and o 2 weeks pouf vocation a year lf you type 55 WPM ond hove ot least 2 years Secretarial or Bookeeping experience you moy qualify for one of these positions. 
• 3 A d m inistrative Se cre taries —- 
$1o,ooo year. 48 hour week, 8-8, M-f, 9-12 Saturday, one Saturday off per month. 
D ivision R ecep tio n ist - Will hand)* toon processing, customer service, monthly reports. 
• I D ivision A ccounting Se cre tary — 
$1o,ooo Yoar, 48 hoar week, 8-6 M-f, 9-12- Saturday, one Saturday oH per month. 
Beekeeper for Division Operation Accounts payable, type financial statemants. monthly reports Requires heavy statistical typing and IO key by touch. 

• I Land D e ve lo p m e n t Se cre tary — 
$7,8oo Yew. 4o howe week, 8-S M-f, work one Saturday a month. 
Receptionist for land Developer - Monthly reports, correspondence, filing. 

• I R e gio n a l Personnel Se cre tary — 
$1o,ooo Year, 48 hour week, 8-6, M-f, 9-12 Saturday, one Saturday oH per month. 

Receptionist • Set up appointments, type correspondence, filing, monthly reports lf you are looking for a Secretarial career, call Collect between 9-6 Mctnday-Friday: 
51 2 -3 4 9 -9 4 1 2 
O r M a il R e su m e to: 
H O M E C R A F T 
P.O. Box 16431 
San A ntonio, Tx. 7 8 2 1 6 

( 
TECHNICAL 
) f 6o4) 
C 
TECHNICAL 3 
( 
® c 
SECRETARIAL 
3 © 

Needed for applications programming in ASCII (OBAL on UNIVAC 

HOO series equipment Background desired includes working 

 knowledge of Exec.-8, ECL, DMS, ond communications. Also 

 helpful is a functional knowledge of IBM/RCA/UNIVAC 9ooo 

 assemblier language. This is an opportunity for an individual to 

I grow with a new shop located in S.A. Send resume, references, I 

- ond salary requirements to: 
® 
I 
I 
I 
ATTN: Personnel Departm ent I-1 2 
^ 

STRAU S-FRAN K CO. 
P.O. B O X 6oo 
San Antonio, TX 78292 

EXPERIENCED 
SECRETARY 

Must be expert typist and 

 tronscriptionist, able to use 

 initiative, and maintain 

 records. 
Neat appearance. 

Monday Friday, 8 3o AM to 

4:3o PM. Send resume to: 
SAN ANTONIO 
CHILDREN’S CENTER 

2939 West Woodlawn 

CIVIL DRAFTSMAN 
2 y e a r s m in im u m e x p e r ie n c e 
F a m ilia r w ith p ion and p ro file , water distribution, ond sew er col lection system s. 
Fring e benefits 
349 52S3, 
COMPUTER TECK 89K 
RQV 922 2711 1233 SW M ilitary 
Job Experts, inc Placem ent 5er. 
E L E C T R O N IC TEC H ~N aT i co will train on eauip serviced 
5)o,ooo Call Dan Daniel 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G £ S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service. 96 Gill Rd. 

J SPORTS MINDED 

J 
SALES 

OPPORTUNITY 

 torn S15.ooo-S18.ooo first year 
National sales film seeking on outstanding person for the greater 
SAN 
ANTONIO oteo 
Athletic background helpful Ex­ cellent draw plus liberal com­ mission ond semi annual bonus. 
Profit sharing plus excellent benefit package Previous soles experience and 2 yrs college preferred. 

(all Sunday (DO pm-7oo p m. or Monday WX) a m -6 oo p.m. Ask for Mr Johnson (3o3) 
773-3591, Mr. Corbin (615) 384 
8F7S or Mr McCarthy ot (61S) 
384-7511. 

ATTENTION LICENSED 
LIFE AGENTS 

Are you a good life producer not earning what you desire? 
Have you considered the multi line approach? Is prospecting a problem? lf you desire to chat regarding the possible rewards of multi line, a unique maiket, nest prospecting, ond a host of other unique foetors, it may be worth your time to investigate. 
W e offer a Negotiable salary plus bonuses, (not draw) and excellent fringe benefits Call Frank X Rodriguez between I 1- 
2 at 512 655 751 3. 
HORACE M A N N 
EDUCATORS 
An tqual O p p o r tu n ity I m p l o r e r 

S i 

TOP SALES 
OPPORTUNITIES 
C A U VIC SALIN! 

MARKETING RIP._ 

National company seeks individual to service ex­ isting accounts. 
Degree ond sales experience preferred. To $11 6K + car expenses. 

SAUS REP. 
Mole or female with outside sales experience to call on local businesses. 
Prefer degree. To $9.DK 
+ comm 
+ expenses, 
'/z fee reimb- 

SALK MANAGER 

Mgmt experience plus ex­ perience m colima on chain stares 
To 
$2oK. 
Fee paid 

SALES REP.___ 

To relocate to Houston or 
C C. in 6 months. M ini­ mum one year soles expr. with two years college 
W ill sell to ond service retailers. To $12K 
+ comm. 
+ expenses. Fee reimb. 

SALES REP. 

Must know C C or Austin very well. Will relocate to coll on Mfg plants, food companies, etc 
Outside soles expr. a necessity. To 
$ I 2K Draw 

SALES MANAGER 

Solid expr. irs the core, treatment, and soles of flowers ond plcnts, 
To 
$ !2 K 
+ bonus 
Fee bego. 
826-9671 
2446 Congee S tr e e t 

LOCKE 

IMPlOVMiNT SERVICE 

Som e M ake It • Sem e Don I 
T exas Uased n o tio n al w h o le sale e le c tr o n ic s d is tr ib u to r h a s im m ed iate opening tor a g g re s s iv e . n e o n cut salesp erso n. Should be fam iliar with CM eauip and general 
<om m unication m erch an d ise E * cedent pay arrangem ent Clean van or station wagon necessary Ye a'll make it it vau're good. Call M H M ta t— et- 
I e tenon* Sales, exceden! oopo' tun 
•tv Fu ll or part tim * Call E d Ham bey 149-4397 

SALES REP 

Hair Care & 

Cosmetic 
Products 

SAN ANTONIO 
TERRITORY 

L’OREAL 

 is seeking a highly motivat­ ed ond aggressive individual determined to succeed in a sales career 

Successful candidate must have the ability to imple­ ment various sales funct- ons, including basic market mg, merchandising, ad­ vertising and promotional activities, etc. 

Sales experience essential. 
Related health /beauty aids background highly prefer- led. 

W e offer company cor, salary, bonus, all travel ex­ penses ond exceptional fringe benefits package and excellent management op­ portunities. 

Qualified applicants please send resume, including solary history to: 

EXPRESS-MWS BOX 7788 
Son Antonio, Tx 78297 

L’O R E A L 

(qual Opportunity Employer m/f 

C A PA BLE 

STO RE M A N A G E R 

AU* Ie w«r*Vt tinternets at well os tram other employees 
Indies sportswear shop rn not thud* moil lop salary and lunge benefits 
• 

Wine for interview grvmg ex I petience and buck around Ex piess News lox 777o, Saw An tanto 78297 

INSURANCE 
BRANCH MANAGER 
National Company now has 6 Ebonch 
Offices in Texas and oui expansion plans call lot 4 additional offices 
In order to accelerate growth we ar* interviewing top quality people (lorn the outside 
This person must hove o very sot cessfid frock record rn the sale of 
Hospitalization ond related life Must furnish proof of sales and manage ment background and be currently licensed loc A A H ond Iii*. 
We pay top salary plus percentage of pieimum for lifetime, expense cliv worn* and bonus. Out average manager lost year earned over 
$4o,ooo. none under $25,ooo Keloco hon in Texas, at out expense, may be necessary 
CALL O R W RITE 
L. Carl Fox 
Reponal Manager 
Village Professional (enter 
7oS LANDA SI. 
New Iraan!*!*, Texas 7813o 
. 
512/625-3431 

ELECTRONICS TECH 
SIO,SOO, 3 yrs audio visual exp 
Ray 922 2711 1233 SYV M ilitary 
Job Experts, Inc Placem ent Ser. 

INDUSTRIAL ENG. S12K 
Vie 922 2711 1233 SW M ilitu iv 
Job Experts, Inc. Placem ent Sec 

Has Im m ediate O pening For: 
PROGRAMMER ANALYST 

R e q u ire s m in im u m o f 3 y e a r s e x p . S to c k o p 

 tion a n d b e n e fits . S e n d re s u m e a n d s a la r y re 

 q u ire m e n ts to: 
M.I.S. DEPARTMENT HEAD 
P.O. B O X BHOOl 
San Antonio, Tx. 7 8 284 
Or Call Mrs. Adler 
73 5-9 3 92 , Ext. 3o8 
A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p lo ye r 

TITLE COMPANY 

SECRETARY 

Terrific potential 

 for advancement. 

Title, mortgage loon, 

 or legal background. 

Fringes, 5-day. 
Mrs. Biesenbach, 
227-C231. 

KEYPUNCH 
COMPUTER 
OPERATOR 
Excellent 4 day (4o hour) day shift position available for oerson to both 
K eyp unch and operate com puter 
Must be very experienced in both areas Call M r. Prossen at 826-8643 tar Botan*. 
P R O G R A M M E R 
T R A I N E E 
. y e o r s p r o g r a m m in g sch o o l required $55o 5 day Bankers Em p 
SVC., 
87oo 
Crownllitl, 
Suite 
211, 
82o 6123 
Progrm am m er Trainee Degree knowledge ot C O BO L, gd benefits 
$86oo Call Dean Ross 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G £ S N E L L IN G 
Em ploym ent Service, 96 Gill Rd 
TRANSMITTER OPERATDR 
Full power V B F TV Station needs one full lim e transm itter operator 
First phone ond reliable tran sp o r­ tation re q u ire d F Tinge benefits. 
Send re su m e and e u lo ry r e q u ir ­ em ents to Chief E n g in ee r, K O N S 
T V , P O B O X 2829, L a re d o , I . 
/HOI I f quo I opportunity empiovei 

CASH REGISTER TECHNICIAN 

Ability to inspect, adjust, repair, clean and service Anker, NCR, 
Sweda and Salestronic registers 

S a la r y c o m m e n s u ra te w ith e x p e r ie n c e . 

E x c e lle n t c o m p a n y b e n e fits . 

 a p p ly in p e r s o n 
Em ployment Office 3rd Floor 
Joske’s Downtown 

 equal opportunity employer 

SUN ELECTRIC CORP 

CAREER oPPoR1UNI1Y 

Dissatisfied W ith 

Earnings? 

SUN ELECTRIC (ORF, worldi largeit manufacturer et automotive felting equip hoi opened a m w regional office in Son Antonio 

 lf you have o working knowledge of th* automotive very ne industry or rotated sales, we would bk* to or rang* on interview wdh you 

We hove openings in the Laredo, 
Del Rio, Uvalde ond Victoria oleos 
All of these ion be represented auf el San Antonio lac mar* infer motion, 

Call or writB Ed Koanig 

SUN EIECTRK CORP 

431 Isom Rd. Swita 129 
San Antonio, lax 71216 

512-341-3149 days oner 5 RJN. cal 512-661-2493 

TV MAINTENANCE 
Full bower V H F TV Station 
Needs one lu ll tim e m aintenanc e n g in e e r w ith co lo r e x p e rie n c e , p r e fe r a b ly on T K 27 s, Am p*-, 
12oo s, 
PC - 7 o 's, g r a s s v o lle y s w itc h e rs and v a rio u s te r m in a l equipm ent. F irs t phone req u ired 
Send re su m e an d s a la r y re n o ir em ents to Chief E n g in ee r. K O N S 
TV, P O Box 2829, Laredo, Tx 78o41 
Canal Opportunity em ployer________ 
6o5 RESUMES 

 s ,g r o iB i ',s W 
W 
E — for retiring care e r m ilitary or com pany g rad * officer*. 341 ( t i l 

ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

Has Im mediate 
Opening For: 

DATA ENTRY OPERATOR 

With at least I year Mohawk key-tape experience helpful. IO key by touch required. 
Please, Call 
Diane Miller 
735-9392, Ext. 31o 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em p lo ye r 

R E C E P T SEC tS4S, na heavy exp f>«c. Vibrant ottice for cheerful person. Call Laura Hill. 34) ISSI 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

Employ IOT VV R IC T O R Service 

R E C E P T 
WOO ta answer six line 

S 

 hone, type and oraet chant* I Ideal ass tun lob I Kitty Kirk 141 ISSI. 
SN ELLIN G A SN ELLIN G 

Employ 1o2 W RECTO R Service 

Set "I etar u-s (?> needed tor social sui vii r agency Shorthand typing and bilingual Auplv at JI/ King St. 
974 4.135 
S F C R T t ARV--------------- 57oo* 
Fee Pard, Great Cot Fantastic Job' 
Sue 82* *4*4 New Day Personnel 
Cnnstts, *o1 NC Loop 41o 
S EC R ET A R Y PT TIMC 

Natl company, small soles office otters stability growth 75 hr* week at St 75 hr is SHI 75 wk to start 
Type sh! hood receive full coni pony benefits Coll (.tarries Tanner 
274 5538 Uarco, Inc sI7 reta ry^ Io5o+---- 
Super location, super salary tor super person Stave 684 848o 

FIN N E Y £ Associates Per sonnet 
Consultants S*35 Codoghon NOMS 
S E lJV y Versatile A bubbly tor pretty real estate ole NS 
WUU I all (.alo Connor 732 2261 

SN ELLIN G a SN EL LIN G 

Employment Service, 94 GIII Rd s e c u r i t y G u a r d s i i lAt stun 
Uniforms tarnished Hi school grod or C F D Coll Pete 732 2191 25o1 
We:,! Ave 
Jobs North, Inc , Placement Ser vie# 

61o OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 

A T f (H IN r IN G Ct » WK 
IMO 

AGGRESSIVE INDIVIDUALS 

WHO ARE LOOKING FOR MORE 

THAN A JOB* 

Rapidly expanding finame compony ho*, openings for ugieiave rotter min did individuals with potennol to od vanre to management level 
Mutt 

 hove pleasing personality, ombdion, ability to meet the public, high vt bool education or its equivalent Rapid od yoni ament, excellent bene his, ham. mg program Apply at the nearest of 
♦ice. 

SOUTHWESTERN 
INVESTMENT 
CO M PANY 

38o3 5on Pedro 
Joy Imgl* 

73 6-1 521 

1o1o Southwest Military Mike Cowling 
6 2 4 -4 8 7 1 

ADMINISTRATE!— 
FINANCIAL c 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

TRUST DEPARTMENT HEAD 

A leading Ria fraud* Valley bank is (waking tar aa experienced Iraetl 
Officer ta mono** and further develop a 
$25 rn chron 
Trusty 

Department. This tack yid va! should have experience ia a large t>uit| activity Th# pwumbent will answer directly ta th* Preside*!, will be. part al Senior Man ogees* et af Hi* hank cmd will ba reipeayti* tar oll| areas al th* Iruet Depot tarnal including Trust and Is lot* Ad asinisfretian and luxinost Development Please submit resume, salary! history end ony other pertinent data which will bt held strictly con ' 
Isdeaftal ta: 

EJCPRESS-NCWS B O X 7789 
Son Antonio, Texas 78397 
Aa Ego! Opportunity Employer M/F 

SECRETARIAL D& C 
SECRETARIAL 

I 

 r t i / r W f o r a c h a n g e 
Was 197* really a successful year tor you ? Does your or esau! lob offer ail the oocorlunity vow w ant? lf your answer is na, you wrii by in­ terested in the opportunity we ofter 
You may have been driving a truck working iii a toe tory, soiling goops or services teaching school, or do mg IO) other things people do to earn a living Yet you ore a I* satis­ fied with your lob your low income, or the people you work with We hove on opening tor one person in this oreo Our selection writ be bases upon an unbiased personal interview tho* will tell us and you if you ore suitable tor our business. It you ore selected, you win be thor ouohiy train ed ond m ay en lov earnings of 52oo to 14oo per week 
For personal interview, coit 41-1421 and osk for Leo Solos 

R EA L ESTATE SA LES 

Our expansion program has 

 opened several residential sales pestilent ar career enented 

 persons with ac 
WITHOUT ex 

 per rem* tour tut (ess potential h, thoroughly explored tp *fr CON f(DINDA! interview pr«gr*m 
W 

 vow ere accepted you benefit 

 from auf extensive in hews* 

 training preplan! end our proven success patterns. 
Call leery 

Seagrove 124-o121, et am San I 
Pedro 
Office or frank 

Weather he* 
342 32 ft, ot our 

 frtdencktburg Rd OHite, or ItH J 
McGinnnb~j.d94.76St et our 

 lh out hollow Office, 1513o ion 
Pedro 

 k a s c w & k Jjn t v 

Rf A i I O RS 
SO r n O f IR U 5 I 

 r 
U A M co, me. ^ 

Is HH*. twwwtactaewr 
J f kvi iim i fenox saw viler you 

MAJOR TEXAS 

FINANCIAL INSTITUTION 

SEEKING 

BRANCH MANAGER 

SAN ANTONIO 

Must have 2-5 yrs. mid mgmt. 
1***1 experience rn mortgage lending (residential). 5-1 exp. and bi-lingua! skids preferred 
Unlimited potential far responsible s#M starter ti- salient salary and benefits. 

Pleas* sand resume ta 

 fIP«t$S-MfW$ ROX 5248 
San Antonia, Ie sax 71297 

NORTHSIDE BANK 
N ae d s An 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 

Minimum of 2 years secretarial experience re­ quired. Shorthand-8o; Typing-6o. Call 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK 

Per»o n n «l O ffice 

For An Appointment 
7 3 4 - 8 1 7 1 

An (q u a l Opportunity tm phygr 

Fee Pard, Super Col Geat Job) Sue 
• 28 *494 New D ay P e rso n n e l 
Consul 9o1 NE LOOP 41o 

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 

2 yrs exp erience 222 212J. I qual opportunltv employer M F 
£CdT - C L i» K 545-6+------ 
Bookkeeping knowledge, to key, type o bit Coll Fickle stepstu 

FIN N E Y £ Assot rates Personnel 
Consultants H35 Cottoehon NoJ25 

AIRPO RT A R EA 5575 + outstand 
Ina benefits— even dental ins Sec, aer sonnet dept Jo Gunter. MI 551 

SNELL ING £ SN I LL INO 

Employ 1o2 W RECTO R Service 
*' BANI? T R A IN E E "ta-. I y ■+ uh train rn bank loan dept, career 
55oo 4 Can Julie M athis 7)2 2261 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

 t rn ploy ment Service, 94 GIII Rd 

•BANK TRAINEE* 

Age 18 uoi Desire to ad v an ce 1 coll G loria 824 o227 Jot) Placem ents 

Employment Ser. 5314 San Pedro 
• OARD O P E R A T O R needed tor relief shift tar burglar alarm com pony Minimum salary Apply *o7 
Dukas Between loam 4pm n y z i r r ~n $ r jhor tan fid ((es n (J hie bul not m andatary salary SPM) to '..tart deoendmg on eau Cull tor qppl 696-44oo t 6m 1 i N A frl'6 N7 "5ftTc e ? r,T a7 d 
Bookkeeper 
P rv lrr 28 years br 

 over and bilingual Salary 545o in*. 
T E X A S T R A C T O R P A R T S , ll S E 
I/th si 
I 54/ 9594 D ays. I 547 oH6M aries 

A F B iT f l P b x $35o1 lie type 

 handle customers Im am e • <n 
VA 
Joyr i* 
Best 
92) 4366 
41 I 
9W 

M ilitary 

J obs, south Placement Service 

5456 Customer Service 547*1, lite type' Good with 16 key! Maturer 
South Joyce Best 923 4)44 413 SW 
Military 
Jobs, South Placement Service 

 b u N H H L PER SO N N EL S t RY ICF 
IOO N W LOOP 416. 444 G PM South, 
_ 
349 1744 
FC ROOKKF E P I • t ampule 
^ ■ d etail ■ 

 s y s te m s ® 

5/5o4 Con Juite Mathis 7)7 ?/6l 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELL INO 

 tin ploy rn en! Service. 94 Gill Rd f i e po " Ac c o u n t s p a y a b l e s * 
Plush Office, Northern* lac Good future Call Ann 636 6494 New Day 
Personnel tonsils *61 NE Loop 416 n o J i g h iN b E h v ------- 
Good tutor* with top North side ca 
5515 Ann l i t 6494 New Day Person net tonsils *o1 NE Loop 41o 
T i l e c l e r k i n c a 1 wed' 
T vp# 35 Most be dependable and friendly Call Cindy /J2 7191 7561 
West Ave 
Jobs North, inc , Placement Service 

M M I yea* attar 

* SATH*ACTHX*!, mew.p e yaw 

 tune. yityn a t 4 ^ » i yaw 

 air tuba*- tamp hnf I 

# r« attu n e . and ar P H 
X, ti an . I 

Lf yaw i f ah dear# br yaw wan 
.MMP, war'I predating d— kind af 

(MARUS TAMMI (SI2 224-5518) 

I I M Starve, Main Iv. L ib 

 a 
Comm l i l t I 

G K S iM T lY 'N i i O ------- 
Raol Estate salesman Centro! 

 office Ask for Mr Miliar 

2274227 WATSON * SON 426 1242 

TULL CHORGI 
BOOKKEEPER 

 fp work for downtown 

 company with good salary and benefits 

S a n d resumer to: 
Alford, Woronoy A Co. 
17oD frost tank lower 

San Automa 782o$ 

— 
A K a u N f A N f m 'in T E — 
Degree required Growing mqnfg. engineering firm Must have good occounting experience Po.d ben etit* Sdov Excellent future bolar y open ta n k e r* Im p . Se c., 8766 d o w n h ill tuff 111, 826-412) r a W H U H r g F r c o n M a t a (or 

 progressive firm catering future 
512,ooo Coll Phil Arroyo 732 22*1 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

Ernpiuyrn.ni Service, 94 Gilt Rd 

 a £ c 6 u F JtA N ?' inleresi'ng ' 

 position odvom ement oppty, motor to excellent benefit* 4 ii inning 
*9oo6 Can Don Daniel 732 2261 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

Employment Service, *4 Gill Rd 
AD JU S T E iT ? V A IN E E----------- 

Deere*, excellent advancements, 
5»Soo4 car Dick 684 6*66 

FIN N EY £ Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5135 Caligation Ne)3$ 

--------- » o 6 h K E E D E R ---------- 
Excellent opportunity for a person experienced in maintaining goner ut ledger, cosh le u rn g ls, p a y ro ll records, end (Inaneto! storeman! preparation. Knowledge of income taxes helpful, hut not essential. 
Please, send resumes and solory requirements to Express News Bo* 
5221 Our employees know of this ud Applicants win be tested 

D ISPA TC H ER A SSISTA N T' 
Firm ptione voice, secure toro, rn 

5*2oo Can Betty Gront 7)2 l l 61 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

Employment Service. 9* O.tl Rd 

F C BOOK K E E E'ER sTiO 

Fee nee* great ce, super bess, fantastic future Pickle 414 6*46 

FIN N E Y £ Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5635 Callaghan N o m 
FULL CHAR6E BOOKKEEPER 

Must have kgowiedg. of general ledger, botonee sheets, tax forms and reconciling accounts Must hove sortie personnel management experience Salary commensurate with obririv Send resume to Ex press News Box SISO 

OCR IRLE m 

Vw 922 2711 1233 SW Military 

JOB Experts Inc Placement Ser n a Vi6 n * . c 6 m p a n y ----- 
Needs sharp outoeing you to tram! 
544o6 Mary IJS 4494 Now Day P it sonnet Censtts. tai NE Loop 414 
N EED ’ t'u'i' i borg* Itoolb, ep* ' 
I 

 person office Bookkeeping test required Send resume arid refer ancestor* O Box 11o92 Mot sot r ry 
Station 76216 h il't '1 ' TIMP. ' B6O KKi"Y?I I 
N EED ED . Apply 651o North New 
Br ounleis 

6oS SECREIKRlAi 

S65o ACC! SECT S/oo 

F E E PO I yrs exp dictaphen* 

S P E A R * PER SO N N EL SE R V IC E 
267 JACKSO N K E L L E R 
126-12921 
Adniin'TsTrat! vt Se creto ry." need someone experienced in Super .: lion ond Organization to handle responsible position with National 
CPA Firm salary negotiable Colt 
Mrs Criswell, 222 IOU 

 id s le d 
C a n M11 industries Inc 
Ooportunri 

S h o rth a n d rfM u moo* al I eiumbir 
144 9211 
Cana 
I nw joytr 

 fc x te SEC F E E PAID 

NS firm. wood skills + PR oddity. areal oppty Call Pickle 464 64to 

FIN N EY £ Associates Personnel 
Consultants 56)5 Caligation N o m 

GEN. OFFICE 

E XEC SKC 
F E E PA ID 
Good skids aet you top spat 5456 
H U R R Y 
Ann 626 4494 New Day 

Personnel Census. 961 NE Loop 416 

E 'x T c u T T v r s B ^ R llA i'ii's "■ 

*65o 576o Need J Paid benefits 
Good hour* Bankers Em p iv e ., 
HOC Crowning. Sutta I II , *2o412) 
F i t ►o *466 tar eminent attorney 
Nu SH or legal eta nee tar keen writed Can Laura Hill, Mi-)**) 

S H ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

EV M PLO Y xf'x 
Mf 
RECTO R 

Service 
H A PPY NIM/ Y E A R 
Viol e our 

 tee ta handle tee V IP * ole Smooth 
Iv I 
NS ce tong*! 
Kitty 
Kirk, 
*41-2551 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

I rn ploy 162 Mf RECTO R Service 
I E d i t $E C El(fe~t A R*Y~'"6ii< will train settled person tor 

 position with ext .dent potential 
55o6 Cum Burh Kendrick 732-2261 

SN ELL ING £ SN ELLIN G 

Employ rn wi t Service, St Gill Rd 

»:ir'f A E T A R Y 

 reauued Can M r* Von snortho' 
2.> 9211 

PR DFP! SECTY 

Type tot 2 yrs attic* expi N Sri 

 in t r gentle I thorp' people I 

SPEA R S P ER S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
167 JACKSON K E L L E R 
126 1)9) 
A r sEg r i T A i y T r ' v / 'J . i '.- " good • ocrdtnotav, super skills. 
SPOO Coll Jo Singleton M I 2261 

SN ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

E motey ment Service. 94 Old Rd 

W C T T T H W U f i W 7----- 

Sharp, attractive, answer phones, lite typing Cad Amy* 464 646o 

F IN N EY £ Associates Per sennet 
Consultants >|)s Caudation N ails 

 take paym ents type 4o' IO key 1 

SP E A R S PER S O N N E L SER V IC E 
167 JACKSON K E L L E R 
616 1)91 

IN SU R A N C E A G E N C Y needs in ­ dividual with property and casualty insurance experience Call Rear* 
Agency )4* 4494 i tj'". li'fe'A N/'f* C A S U A L V c R a t e r with m inim um 2 yrs exp erience 
Loc al surplus line G eneral Agene y 
Fxced enf future s a la ry bused on exoenence Cad Leslie 7)4 7/SI 
-----------------------H P T T f F T ----------- 
Accounting clerk I computer exp net pf ut tea brent Celt Sheryl 

RICH £ Assoc Employment Srv 

S646A San Pedro 
124 9**1 
-----------T R T T C l ------------ 
Secretary' geed with numbers ond typtnp banus' Cad Sheryl 

RICH £ Assoc E matey rn ant Sr* 

4646A Son Pedro 
6144)441 

 r u n s i*6w.------- 

Bane trainee general attic* 

 cashiers counter hate 

RICH £ Aster Employment Sr* 

464VA Son Pedro 
6)4-64*1 
S A W f T O k i t t R Si56+---- 
Typtnp+ 16key bv touch, tap brent hiring new! Call Etta it* 
RICH £ Assoc Employment Srv 

4I46A Son Pedro 
6)4 o*41 ovtnti / i f bk i oginrrrrTT co ti ains I with typing skills 

*5oo Cad Gold Connor IU 22*1 

SH ELLIN G £ SN ELLIN G 

Bmptevment Service. 94 Gill Rd 

 t'» i b rrwr-H ti; a ai, < n:> rwr 
T ARY, H ortneost office Coll for appointment *5+ JO/1_________________ 

I PERSON OFC. 
T ye . 4o gen ledger payroll, Call 

Sue 922 7/11 1233 SW Military 

Printing firm in A n'sHn'Yie'eiis i * p ■* I knowledge at printing helpful Cad local number tor details 49? 2S44 

RAIF CURR 

Insurance com pany needs ra te d e r * with o m inim um at 2 y rs heavy ca su a lty ta p . Colt M rs 
Jung mo rib 736 2411 

Page 
I 2-D 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday Jam 2 1 9 7 7 

SKIUS-TWDES 
OFFICE ft CIERX AI 
OFFICE t CURtai 
MEDICAL 
OFFICE t CLERICAL 

LONG-TERM 

ASSIGNMENT 

A LL S H IFTS 
AH Fringe Benefits 
Golden M anor 
736 4544 
R N s arni L V N s (non sm okers plea- seJciDplv 9-1 H illsid e M a n o r 831o 
Poult Lone 828 o6o6_____________ 

FRAME 

STRAIGHTENER 

UNIT MANAGER- 
SURGERY 

Metropolitan General Hospital is 

 accepting applications for an ex­ 

 perienced Surgical Unit Manager. 

Complete charge of scheduling and co ordinating surgical ne tivities. Excellent working con­ ditions and employre benefits. 
Excellent starting solory com­ 

 mensurate with experience. Con­ tact: 
PERSONNEL OFFICE 
123o BROOKLYN AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78212 
•q u a i o pportunity em ployer 

Scars 
Inventory Control 

“ 
CLERK-TYPIST 

Must type. Full time, 5-day 4o-hour week with paid 

 vacation, 9 holidays, and employee discount on purch­ ases. Profit sharing retirement plan, group hospitaliza­ 

 tion and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office at Sears Warehouse Monday thru Friday 8 a.m. to 3:3o 

 p.m. 
A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r MZF 

Sears Warehouse 
1331 N. Pine 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND VILLA ROSA ANNEX 

H a ve Im m e d ia te Vacancies In The 
Follow ing Positions: 

R N ’S — 11 to 7 and 3 to l l . M ed ica l, surgical, and intensive cc re units. 

REGISTERED X -R A Y TECHNICIANS — 7 to 3 
EEG TECHNICIANS — (V illa Rosa A n n ex) 
6 months e x p e rien c e p re fe rre d 

Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. 

A pply Personnel O ffic e 

SANTA ROSA HOSPITAl 

519 W. Houston St. 228-2343 
VILLA ROSA A N N E X ; 5 1 1 5 M ed ica l D riv e , 

2 2 8 -2 6 3 4 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Oui customer is requesting a depen doble individual who con be relied upon to complete a 6 mo -1 yr special proiect. There will be lite statistic! typing os well os dictaphone A Con­ venient northwest location ond o con­ genial group of people will com plement this assignment Please call 
Helen at 828 25o6 for on ap pointmen! 

— WO FEE EVER — 

 for large Son Antonio 

 automobile dealership. 
•ICU*CCU 
•PSYCH 
•N U R S E R Y »P E OS 
V a rie tv , fle x ib ility and fre e d o m . 
Choose the days, shifts ond duty vou p r e fe r. AU In s u ra n c e in c lu d in g m alpractice provided 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR 
EXCLUSIVE 
INSTANT PAY PROGRAM 
NO FEES 

•k Lots of work 

★ High commission 

Ar Hospitolizotion 

★ Uniforms 

THESE AND 
M A N Y MORE!! 

LEGAL SECRETARY 

Reply to P.O. Box 25o8 

Son Antonio, Tex. 78299 
RN’s and LVN’s 

Nurse-Aides 

Dietary Aides 

Apply 

Carriage Square 

Nursing Home 

8o2o BLANCO RD. 

BOOKKEEPER 
LARGE M ULTI LINE 

INSURANCE C O M P A N Y 

Has Opening For 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY RATE CLERK 

STAFF R E L IE F 
P R IVA TE DU TY 
You decide the type of assignm ents, days and shifts vou w ant to work 
NO F E E S ! 
INSTANT PAY 
Medical Personnel Pool 
1o)9 N 
M ein_______________ 224 5885 
S on 
A n to n io 
H e a lth S e r v ic e s 
P lacem ents, Inc , 84 N .E . Loop 41o, 
Suite m e . 349-4313________________ 

PART TIME 
TYPIST 

Job with Northside Insurance 
Company. 28 hr. week, fu ll time later. Pay $3-per hr. Must type 55-AO WPM. Appearance and personality important. Ex­ cellent opportunity. 
APPLY IN PERSON 
Texas Employment 
Commission 
4 o 6 S. M a in 
I 35 S. P ark S outh M a ll 
1 o 1 5 Jackson K e lle r 
•g u o i o pportunity em ploy ar 

CARPENTER 
FOREMAN 

Experienced in Commercial 

Construction 
Future Properties, 
Inc. 
673-1o29 341-4391 
344-8o34 
Permanent Employment 

New compony deal with people 
$6oo fee nego 

COPYRIGHTER 
Produce reody copyright. $5oo fee nego 
Salary commensurate with experience 
Lutheran G eneral Hospital 
REGISTERED NURSES 
All shifts OPEN 
Full and p a rt tim e positions fo r e m e r­ gency room and intensive care unit 

OUR NEW EMERGENCY R O O M + 
OUR REVISED SALARY PLAN m akes these positions v e ry a ttra c tiv e 

7 o1 S. Z a ria m o ra 
4 3 4 -5 2 5 2 
A sk fo r P e rso n n e l D e p t. 
•qual opportunity em ployer 

W e are an equal opportunity em ployer 

CALL 3 4 1 - 7 7 1 I EXT. 2o2 
Representative* from the 
Veteran# 
A dm inistration in Big Spring, Texas w ill be lr Son Antonio on 6 and I January 1977 to in­ te rv ie w a jip lk o n H fo r 
RN positions at this hospital. In­ terested applicants should re p ort to the Nursing Service 
O ffice at the Audio M urphy 
M em orial Veterans A dm in­ istration Hospital, on A ond 7 
Jcnuory betw een the hours o f 9 a.m . and 3 p.m . C e rtifi­ cation o f current license in any state is required. 

•B A R B E R * 
Kelly A FB . 52 haircuts steady 
432 9411 . 433 3115______ 

Salaries oriented all types pun ted forms must have related management experience 
To 
SI 2K 
B a r b e r S h o n M n no ne r - St v 11 s I licensed. G ua ra n te e M u st have fo l­ low ing 732 3153 til S:3o. 342-o3o4 
^ 
START 
X 
THE NEW 
YEAR RIGHT! 

 lake care of those holiday 

 expenses today1 We need. 
SHORTHAND 

DICTAPHONE 

TYPISTS 

KEYPUNCH 

PBX 

1o-KEY (NEED 4) 

LEGAL SECYS 

CLERKS 

One year clerical experience 

 is oil you need Coll Helen at 
828 25o6 for an appoint­ 

 ment 
— NO FEE EVER— 

$6oo-58oo C ity D e liv e ry . H ave good p e rso n a lity C om pany tra in s . Act vancenient. Call John 732 2191 25o1 
West Ave. 
Jobs N o rth , Inc., P la c e m e n t S e rvice 
C O N S TR U C TIO N E N G IN E E R 
ANO FO R E M A N 
Send resum e to P.O. Box 391 74, San 
Antonio. Tx 78218__________________ 

C R A N E O P E R A T O R fo r 45 ton 
Northwest. TH D rates. E xperience an d re fe re n c e s re q u ire d . P hone 
222 o6o6. We are an eaual opportun- itv em ployer_______________________ 

ASSISTANT 
SUPERINTENDENT 

A p a rtm en t House 
Construction 

Some 
College re­ quired. 
Excellent career opportunity. 
Call 8 2 4 -2 3 2 2 . 

BOOKKEEPER 

 h'trtommtl .Vert/cr i*oo v r tm s u irt 4io * :* 11» i 
START THE 
NEW YEAR 
RIGHTll 
Unlock your future with a promising new job ... well provide the key! 

Our office will be closed for the holidays. We will re open on January 3, 1977 
Call us for top opportunities 
LOCKE 
Employment Service 

2446 Cee Gee 
826-9671 

CREDIT MANAGER 
NEW YEAR S 
STATISTICS 
FEE PAID 
$65o 

O n e c»F our fa vo rite © oM fnicir firms has requested a secretory w ho e n jo y ! or m antling ami w o rking w ith num bers A va rie ty o f daft© ! cmd responsibil'bev w ill m ake th i! odm m i^trahve positron a career step L*eellenf com pany benefits w ill vet this com pony fa r ob©vt? the o th e r! Typing a n d d icta tion requested 

Call M a g g ie Shearer 
828 3161 

HELP THIS DOCTOR 
GET THE NEW YEAR 
OFF TO A 
PROSPEROUS NEW 
START 

Your o ff tie exp erience, accurate typ in g an d m ature a ttitu d e are w ha t the d o r ta r ord ered 
Learn to com plete im u fa n c # fo rm !, third p a rty baling, a n d ge t the file ! in order an d m aintain the file ! 
A m ost con orm al sta ff* an d a n o rthitd e loca tto n a w a it the de dica ted individual w ilin g to help ©ut rn a il ph ase ! o f o d n © p i aer'durns fe e Paid 
$ 3 o o 
Call F r a n ltt e Smith 
828 3161 

I# you or© c o m p e rin g a thong© rn positions o r re o d y to retu rn fo th e a ctiv e w orld o f b atin o **, now is th e tim© to s ta rt you r search for th a t e v e r ch allen gin g c a re e r. 
W ith th e N ew Y e a r in, now will h e th e tim e th e job m a rk e t will b e a t its g re a te s t. 

Corner©! O ffic e 
$*>oo 
Ac c tg Secretary 
$ 6 5 o 
* Legal Secretory 
I*/O O f C Bookkeeper 
$O pen k 
Rec 
Typist 
$ 5 o o 
V 
Set Bookkeeper . 
$6oo 
J 
\ 
Call Joyce Baker y 
X . 
828 3161 
/ 

Rookeepmg background, carver opportunity 
Solory open fee pard 
L V N 11-7 Oak H ills C a re C enter. 
73o2 Oak M anor D r. 344 8537. 
M E D IC A L A S S IS TA N T 
F it & back ole. X -R avs, inis. 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
M edical Dental E m ploym ent Serv 
M E D IC A L B K K P R " 
$7oo tor top notch individual. 
Oppty to advance. F irm ins. work 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
M edical Dental Em ploym ent Serv. 

C 
OfFKI A CLERICAL 

T E L L E R S $4.5o $5UU 
Bankers Em p. Svc.. 87oo Crow nhill, 
Suite 2)1, 828-6123 
TY P IS T 56oo S/oo Fast and occur a te 
B a n k e r s E m p . i v e . , 87oo 
C row n h ill. Suite 211. 828-6123 
__ 
W ant L oca l C ollege S tudent C le rk- 
T ypist. P a rtlm e . No S m oking, good 
POV F IS H E R ’ S, MSO N E Loop 41o 

CLERK TYPIST 

 type accurate 
IO key 
E xp e rien c e d In total operation of 
25o T P K portable crushing plan t, including taking down ond m oving plant. S alary negotiable. Contact: 
A Davis, P. O. Box 22o, C arlsbad, 
New Mexico. 8822o. 5o5 SSS 41/8 

E x p e rie n c e color TV R e p a lrm a r 
Wonted, Simpson TV , 433-8251. 
I 
Experience Ductm an Needed. Cal oft! 6/4) ofter 3 3o pm._____________ 
H ove a HAPPY 
NBW YBARI 
We con help you make 1977 
Bettor — with o NEW job. 
Best Wishes for the Coming 
Year from all at us of: 
San Antonio 
Health Services 
Placem ents, 
Inc. 

84 N I. LOOR 41o 
SUITE 1311 
% ion Anonio, Toxoi 78216 
■ 
(512) 349-4313 
M 

 lite type General office $56o 

E x p e rie n c e d F ib e rg la s s D uct In s to n e rs n e e d e d . Too c o m p o n y mony b e n e fits Alam o H eating & Air 
Cond. 494 3555______________________ 

M E D IC A L T R A N S C R IB E R 
E xp e rie n c e d o nly 341 7381 tra in e e Good phone voice. A le rt, am b itiou s-g o od ra is e s ! H u rry . 
SPEARS P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
2o7 JA C K S O N -K E L L E R 
828-1292 
D R IV E R tor long haul, must hove 2 yrs exp 824-2777, 655-9538__________ 

$125 D R IV E R T R A IN E E $175 
Need IO toddy! AAA Co ! Good fu­ ture 
Ike Kelly: 
923-4366 413 SW 
M ilitary 
Jobs, South P la ce m e n t S ervica 
E s tim a to r to r g e n e ra l c o n tra c to r. 
M in im u m 3 y e a r s e s t im a tin g , e xp e d itin g ond shop d ra w in g e x ­ p e rie n c e r e q u ir e d . D iv e r s ifie d types of cpnstruetion w ork. E xcel lent o p p ortunity. Send resum e to 
M arco !, Inc. PO Box 41o6, B ry an , 
T x 788o' No phone calls 
E X P DOG G R O O M E R m o le o r fem ale 
C a ll 
494-2864 
_______________(8 3o-5)______________ 
E x p e rie n c e d S m a ll L o a d e r O o e ra - to r References. 494-1332. 

E x p e r ie n c e d 
U P H O L S T E R E R 
A N O H E L P E R , a u to a n d t r u c k u ph olste ry, 8-5 M o n -E n . 223-2165 

ASST TO OFC M C R 
$525 tor asst and bkkpg exp. 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Blag 
69H991o 
Medical Dentol E m ploym ent Serv. 
C H A IR S IO E ASST 
$45o for 4 i': days. 6 ITIOS. exp. 
OR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
Medical Dental Em ploym ent Serv 

N U C LE A R M E D IC IN E T E C H 
$825 mo. off wknds A R R T req. 
D R . P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
M edical Dentol E m ploym ent Serv. 

Nurse Aides, experience only. all shifts 
Normandy Terrace Inc. 
648-o1o1________841 Rice Rd. 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Super ole, perfect iob 15oo + 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
M edical Dental Em ploym ent Serv. 

R E G IS T E R E D N U R SE 
Alternate wknds. 7-3. 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
Medico! Dental E m ploym ent Serv. 
RN OR S O F F IC E 
Golden opportunity to work 41 ? days, 9 5 Some m inor surgery 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edii al Bldg 
69o 991o 
M edical Dental Em ploym ent Serv. 

E X P E R IE N C E D S H E E T 
V IN Y L IN S T A L L E R S 
ALC O C A R P E T IN S T A L L E R S 
» 
T o p p a y . P le n ty o f s te a d y w o rk * 
O v e rtim e , va c a tio n p ay, sick le ave ond o th e r frin g e b e n e fits . C o n ta c t 
Pete Lopez, 226 2321 
CRO W N FLO O R C O V E R IN G 
____________ 1315 N O live. 
J 
E x p e r ie n c e d d ie s e l g e n e r a to r re p airm an , fringe benefits, so lo ry negotiable Call 924 48o1 EOE 
E X P . G R A O A L L O P E R A T O R good h ou rs, qood p ay. C oll 822-1o8' 
E qu a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

816-9671 
2446 Cee gee Street 
LOCKE 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

I GENERAL OFFICE 
Boerne A re a 

• 
Typing, 
IO key adder, 
I accounts receivable, 
I computer oriented, 
. general knowledge of retail grocery business helpful. 
Compony benefits, paid vacation, excellent opportunity and salary for right 
I person 

Call 698-1o33 
For A ppointm ent 

Type 6o, SH 3o, dictaphone. 
Sue 922 2711 12.13 SW M ilita ry 
Job E x p e rts , Inc. P la c e m e n t Ser 

IN S U R A N C E C L E R K 
$5oo DO E for good ins got. 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills M edical Bldg 
69o 991o 
Medical D enial E m ploym ent Serv 
LEGAL STENOS 
TYPISTS 

MTST S. MAG 
CARO 
OPERATORS 

KELLY GIRL 

NEEDS Y O U N O W 
SECRETARIES 

TYPISTS 
C LER K S 

Full tim e professional Tor NE orec salon 
Poid vocation ond p r o fl, sharing 
V A L E N T IN E S H a ir D esigns 
13o17 N acogdoches Rd 
65S-695S 
453-656* 
IVN 311 
I ee nog for weight control exp. 
Sue 922 2/11 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job E x p e rts , Inc. P la c e m e n t Ser 
Apply In person 315 Lewis 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPEND 
SERV IC£ 

W e hove tem porary assignment available now 
You can work a d a y, a week, a m onth or longer. There s no free or contract and we pay you according to your skills, 
CALL OR COMI IN 

CALCULATOR OPERS 
NEED 2o 
Inventory Extension 
Day or Eve Shifts 
CAU ANNA 732-9765 
M A N P O W E R 

K e l l y G i r l 
Tem porary Services 

W o 'll g ive you all the help y ou need 

63o Broadway 224-9251 mqvat ©pfKBrtumty employer 
TO PLA CB ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 
TYPISTS 
5 o W P M 
STENOGRAPHERS 
8 o W P M 
TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENTS 
Call ANNA, 732-9765 

A DIVISION o r M U Y SIBVICI 
4 6 o 6 C en terv ie w Dr. 
Suite 1 54 
7 3 6 -2 4 5 5 

I 
(qual Opportunity im plorer 
Childcare 
Painting, Papering 
Plastering 
Health & Physical Therapy 

<O ve^yeIgS7T,^ e T a r i" R e lp " T !^ E !r e rc is e , D ie ts , M e e tin g s . D ru g s , 
IOO 
Natural N aturSlim 661 6449 

Q uality Temporary Help Sorvlca 

BB Gill Bd. Suite 2So 
B a b y s ittin g in m y 
H o m e 
7-i 
Wkdavs. 
Northeast 
$2o 
Wk 
657 412o 
T a p in g F lo o t in g - T e x to n e an® 
Acoustical Reasonable, 534 ooo8 
Anthony G arc ia P ain tin g C o n trac­ tor, Fre e Est. int Ext. 734-7846 
G e rh a rd ts . R e lia b le E s tim a te s on 
P o in trn g -P a p e rh o n g in g , S he e trock, 
W in d o w G lo s s R e p a ir s . B u d g e t 
Te rm s 1612 S H a c k b e rry . 531-7149. 
P a in tin g a n d r e p a ir s . B o n d e d , licensed, work guaranteed 6/S o219 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 
SSoo, $ dovs. t 6, ca su o i a tm o s p h e re L e ts of ohone contact C ull Jo G un ter, 34I-2S51. 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
E m p loy 1o2 W R E C TO R S ervice 
R E S E R V A T IO N IS T S 
Natl cham seeks public relations expertise 
$6oo Cull Barb Kendrick 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo ym e n t S ervice. 96 GHI Rd 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Top CO! F u n J V O S I N ic e b o s s ! 
165o Sue 828 6494 N ew D ay P erson- nel C o nins, 9o1 NE Loop 41o_______ 
Additions 
C H IL D C A R E 
655-9728 
V it 922 2711 1233 SW M ilita ry jo b E xp e rts, in c P la ce m e n t Ser 

 t a l k t 6 c i t y H a l l 
N o rth s id e co. g re a t fu tu re , su pe r benefits Coll A m ye 684-868o 
F IN N E Y 4 A ssociates P ersonnel 
C onsultants $83$ C a lla gh a n N o m 

 c a r e , h o m e s e ttin g , n e a r qualified 
M other teacher 
Handyman 

H A N D Y M AN 

R e c e p tio n is t S e c re to ry , m a tu re person, lite typing required genera! oft ic e e x p e rie n c e 
S m alt o ffic e 
Beacon C irc le Locatio n 
S ta rtin g s a la r y c o m m e n s u r a te w ith p ip e rien'o Call 344 5444 

Tree Service 

A 
T R E E T R IM M IN G , W 
R 
I 
C UT T R IM M E D H A U L E D A W A Y . 
Free Est 
Reliable Men. $32 8687, 
532-1847 

 fR E E S Cut Trim m ed Hauled Free 
Est. JES S IE 432 7758 432 8o76 
TR E E*S ~CU T - TR I M M E o - H auled! 
Free 
Est. 
Reliable 
696 o8o4 
736 3o62. 
T R E E S . H E D G E S C u f-T r.m H a ul 
D AVIS 732 1613 FO LKS 696 oo96 

C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
Quolity Tnmpotory Help 8 Sennit 
9 6 GILL RD. SUIT! IS O 
DirtSandGravelE ill-Topsoil 
P a in tin g , In te r io r.E x te r io r . Also 
Pricer bonging F ree F s! 735 7 1o I f'ooertng, Painting, Paneling, Sheet 
Rock Repair L o udly 735-653o______ 
P L A S T E R IN G P a tc h in g , s tucco work Free Est. M r Lopez, 433 9787. 

H A N D T M AN 
G e n e r a l 
H o m e 
Repair, C arpentry W ork, Pom tino. 
Reasonable Rates. F ree Est Call: 
736o/36._____________________ ____ a c t i o n D E L IV E R S FO R LE SS 
M O N E Y . 534 2947 anytim e 923 6864 
B e lg ia n G a rd e n s topsoil, fe rtile , weedless, no rocks, also Sand tap soil m ix. Cow m a n u re a v a ila b le 
435 9229 433 1489 

O IH T G R A V E L SANO OR L O A M 
B A IL E Y _______________ 
*58 3782 
D irt Topsoil Sand tr a v e l Loam 
Roy Hendrix D elivered 141 2449 
T o h s o n ! 
£ a n 6 . 
G R A V E L 1 
/■'? I ISS. Saturdays aud Sunday, 

4647 R O O S E V E LT 
924-8556, 924 855/ 
Heating 
Asphalt-Concrete Work 

Reasonable, window, central hi mg plum bing 344 7572, 735 134/ 
A l CON R ‘ 77 ouncfnff!on?poros? aso b ait d riv e w a y s . Cie. B onded 
Joe. 534 166o 

ASPHALT1 P A V IN G . S EA L C O A T­ 
ING AND P A TC H IN G Coll 657 2699 
C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 
P A YTosT 
S idew alks, D riv e w a y s 333 3143 

P lum bing 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
GET THERE FIRST! 

GET QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

A 
Aoucer cleans clogged d ra in ' and sewers best • plum bing repair too. O ne c a ll d o e s n t a ll, p ric e s before we star* Seven dovs a week grail anytim e 341 6124 or tne white pages for A Aauger 
" D O V iS u N e e b A h L U M h E h ’ 
826o791 
I A Zepeda Plum bing Co and Sew mg Rooting, 736 5444. 
M a s te r P lu m b e r W ith L o w O v e r­ head 
$6 SOhr 
Lie and 
Bonded 
653-1422. 

TV Rapairs-Rantats 
Hauling & Moving 

Y ^ ^ s T ^ p v T e p o I r T T r ^ " 
Honest low onces 924 o7vo 
C O L L E G E S T U D E N T W ill H a u l 
Anything 494 SOOS 

M A U L IN G A N D D U M P IN G 
H ave 2 11 ton trucks. 533 1142 
M O V IN G ' L e t U s *H eTp~ We M o ve 
One Item o1 House F u ll. C a ll A ny- tim e : 659 1879. C o n v e rs e ___________ 

Fire & BSQ Wood 
YARD WORK 
Air Conditioning 
""""T^fi^EW OCM DTsTaTorST™ 1" - ’ 
828 7647______________ 
F IN E W O O D 
E xcellent Fun P m 
U^p 
Delivered 
Stocked 
535 

A t o n e d 6 a k ' : $35 Truck Load 
D elivery Available Coll 684 59o3 

D e p e n d a b le Y a r d m a 
Beds. Light H aul, G eneral Cleaning 
2266461. 

L a w n s T c u t T r im m e d 
E d g e d . 
Leaves V acu u m ed . C a ll A n y tim e 
533-9635 j 

 l a w n s t r e e s c o t s c l e a n e d 
C O LLE G E 
S T U D E N T 
C ALL 
I 
633 o562 
I l i g h t h a u l i n g . t r e f t r i m 
M IN G . Y AR O W O R K . R E A S O N A - 
B LE 223 9637 
I 
A IL L DO M O V IN G OR H A U L IN G 
Y A R D W ORK. CALL 
434 181o 
I 
Y A R D W O R K T R E E T R IM M IN G 
F E R T IL IZ IN G S p r a y in g f o r in ­ sects R easonable p ric e s 62) 3142 

C B R A D IO FO R S A LE 
M id la n d 
13 898 B. Bose Mobile A M SSS With 
Clock $4oo D 1o4 Lollipop M ike. $45 
Stordosler Antenna 4oFt Most IOO 
Ft RO 8 Cable, Plus O ther Acres sones $75 C om plete Base Se! Up 
MAO. 474 661o.______________ 
COLOR fv 25 
M a g n a v o x . Modi fe rran e a n style ab woad cabinet 
Beautiful condition 
$7oo 
9 6pm 
N Q U 
C u rtis -M o fh i* Colo' com bin ation 
S horn condition 
A M F M stereo re ro rd plover. 25 in color 
Au tor 
$595 
G uarantee 
534 2942 or 
77o o47o 

MERCHANDISE MART 
Executive, S ecretory, O ccasional 
U p h o ls te re d , v in y l a n d genuine le a th e r 
All b e a u tifu l 
O v e r 2oo choirs to choose (rom Priced Iro n 
$8 5o a n d up 
I I J I B a s s e R d .. 
733 7367, 734 3o81 
O L V IVE T T I (> rio tin g c a lc u la to r 
Custom mode 
Rod, Gun cabinet 
65)o528 
P IO N E E R OX 949, Q uad re c e iv e r, 
A d e t 846 B speakers, 69» 1581 
P O O L 
TA B LE: 
C u s to m m a d e regulation size 
Delm o B illard Co 
P erter! c a n d , 
SJ5o 
716 1544 or 
144 9845 

Bent Steel Pipe 
Horn* Improvements 
Maintenance 
22,ooo 
Sq Ft. steel trussed w arehouse with corr tim roof and sides 
Solid foe removal 61 rents so ti s J l.n -O 

Fiber gloss Tubs & Shower 
Water Heaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iron Tups 
Sinks Lavoratories 
Many Other Items 

G U TTE R S A N D DO W NSPO UTS 
Do repairs on all types ct gutters a n d d o w n s p o u ts 
F R E E 
E S - 
T IM A T E S 433 2125 
Lab o r o* Love 
S m all re p a irs io m u ltip le additions, g u a ra n te e de sign bund decorate 
Vol Const Co 
>26 5843 
New hoof and Roof Repairs ot All 
Kinds. B A R T L E T T H O M E M A IN 
TF NANCE CO 699 o5U ____________ 

JOE S CUSTO M IN S T A IL A T IO N 
$15. And up. CB S, cor stereos, auto alarm s 735-1454____________________ 
Cabinet Makers 

Ifu s to iT M la b m ^rw o rir^n T T n n a n S P chen and b a th v a n itie s , s e rv ic e to the b u ild in g c o n tra c to r 922-783o 

* irfw ood 1o3o Vance jackson Rd 
Bent S teel Pipe 
Fiberg lass Tu^s * 
Showers 
W o te r H eaters 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iron Tubs 
Sinks L avato ries 
M ony O fh e i Items 
2 2 I ( H > 7 2 

SM. Curved RaHqn B ar With Four 
Bor Stools Coll. 337 8o6o 
Furnace, used 2 blow er, lavatory with four et large Pawl copper tub no v a rio u s sizes 
O liv e r w ood lathe penal sprayer 656 o987 

F u rn itu re A pp lia n ces Je w elry 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s a p p ro v e d w ith re a u ire d dow n p a y m e n t C o ll Im p e rio l T u rn 222 2227 4 U B ra dy 
71 A i t A blueth- iu ite solo love seat quadrophonic stereo set 
-6 1 2781 
/ I n w o o d u -u - . h iv e 8 ti arx deck 
D S R tu r n ta b le 
2 
A R 5 speokefs 658 3219_________________ 
K IN G S IZ E bed, n ever used, still packaged, extra firm (W orth $4*o1 complete Si78 Includes 2o yr g u ar­ antee and delivery 
Usuoliy home 
684 8234 

Foundations 

A l i p h a g e s oF' T A u N b r r r j B 
R E P A IR S 
A ls o S m a ll C a rp e n try 
W ork 
A ll w o rk G uar. F re e Est. 
927 5824 
A L L TY R E S F O U N D A T IO N 
A ll H om e R e pa irs 
A ll W ork G uara n te e d 3o y rs E xp 
822 1715 a n y tim e 536-61 IO___ 

Remodeling 

5 & T Co Cusfom pTm odeTTngoe signer Service 824 7688 or 826 o794 
Carpentry 
P O R T R A IT F IG U R E P A IN T IN G tram Ute Mon 9 3o 4 3o 433 4192 
SAMPSON V . -SAGE BCL T 
Good 
Cond 924 7594 
S IN K d is p o s e '* 
76 u n its. Ai as Ie 
King, several gas space heaters, 
924 1138 92J 494o 

 s m a l l ' p i a ncT 
9269773____________________________ 
TenAberg te re iv e r. TR .V /5,' SloAb value, SHOO 4v4 76o3 after I tw o T T T lo n g Showcases or Risers. 
M a k e o tte r 
See a t SIS W 
Com m erce El M ercado Casitas. 
U N IT E D F R E IG H T SALES 
Ho i 
.......................... 194 E LAM AR 
Nu J 
. . . 
1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fin* f »rniture • Fraction ot retail 

 u T e d -rT f r , g y r a t o r s ------- 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7o7 W EST A V E ., 734-4237 

Janitorial Service 
Oak 
W a ln u t 
M e in , 
E x e c u tiv e 
S ecretary, Student large select ion. 
569 lo a n d up 
I I J I B asse Rd , 
733 7.ie7, 733 9487 7)4 3o8) 
DOO houses. (Sermon Shepherd s ift. 
$25 delivered 455 7343 

A C A R P E N T E R 
In Nt*ed ut Jobs from Rooting to Foundation No Job 
Too S m a ll' F re e E s t 
A ll W ars 
Guar 927 5o74______________________ 

A ll 
T V P t '■ C A R P E N tR V WORK 
ALSO R O O F IN G P A IN T IN G . SA 
T lS FA C TIO N G U A R A N T E E D NO 
JOB TOO S M A LL 656 5573 
Inside or O utside p a in tin g , both room floor re p airs , also any c a r ­ pentry w ork, 
F re e estim ates. 

R o o fin g inside or O u fs id eM o m ten 
Ot 
Reasonable 
Prices. 
H O U S E L E V E L IN G 
Th e i r i s h m a n 
IO Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Not* 
N ever take the first price* 
313-9o$) or 
734 F S II 
R E L IA B L E M AN TO OO ROUN 
DATION R E PA IR S ANO HOUSE 
L E V E L IN G Satisfaction guaran- teed No lob to small Call 656 5573. 

C A W OObF i N ^ ^ n w ^ ^ n ^ o l right the hrs* tim e New roots, roof repairs at all types. 
F ree est 
B S I II 8 . 

R O O F IN G . P o in tin g , o r G e n e ra l 
C o n tra c tin g 
S m a ll o r la rg e lo b 
F ree E stim a te s. 333 1oo5. 

L a n d s c a p in g 

'itAV# PLENTY <!>F I IVE OAK 
TREES FOR SALE. I 875-9o21 or 
1-392 $341.___________________ 

Avon Onii to tte r n o m , said til *r» only, $1?$ 
427 
B A R G A IN S 
Cn, i s ' . M u .* B •<•>* 
Beds $59, Dining Rm Table Chairs, 
$115, Canopy B ed $59, 4 d ra w e r desk rnoir $59 M uch Tulare 732 659$ i/os west Ave 

L M R A Full LenQth M inx coot satin lined, worn tw ice, larg e beautiful collar 
Cost $l 6oo, m ust sacrifice tor $6oo 653 75o9 
S e n d e r twin ic .e n , too watts. 
RMS $45o. A R IA copy of Les Pout. 
$175 New enc cond 684 295o 
FOR SA L l 
4 - U o n t floor fix u re s . antique corner wash basins, antique wood dopes. 345 W C O M M E R C E 

M ild e w R e m o v in g 

W A SH IN G We Rem ove M idew ond 
D irt Before Pointing 344 7572 Fre e 
Estimates. 

C a rp e t S ales & S e rv ic e 
S ew ing M a c h in e 
R e p a irs S e rv ic e 
Bedroom suite com plete with m at tress box springs. $225 Single bed. box springs w ith legs m attress. $5o 
Other odds n ends 827 1148 
C A M E R A (* A N N O N f ! lens np” ttonal Day 229 J J5v. nights 69o o521 

H e a lth * P h y s ic a l T h e ra p y 

M A S S A C f >»• u i , 
MS V A l E N Z U L A 
7369411 

IT S E A S Y TO P LA C E A 
E X P R E S S n e w s 
W A NT AO 22$ 1446 
For bale. W urhtzer Spi early Am erican M aple ti tent condition 673 7871 al 

P E R S O N -TO -P G R S O N W A N T A D S 
FOH ITEMS 
TW O LINES- 
I 
DAYS EXPRESS 
5 DAYS NEWS 
OH LESS (ONLY) 
FOH NON-COMMERCIAL ADVERTISERS — HOUSEHOLD ITEMS ONLY 

E a r ly A m e ric a n tw in Bed Com piete $5o E a rly A m e ric a n G reen 
Soto $65 Brown Swivel Rocker $4o 
Good Condition 655 1378 
B a rly Am erican Cauch and Chair 
$75 Buoy PlOypen STH 653 7656 

 f l o o r L a y e r s , i i i rn disc sander, 1158. I Hear m e cutter, 535, 
437 4739 i L u i ,§-Y o m o h o “ i V i 2 years o K with guaranies C all, ASS 1964 

G I ReJrlgei atar, S75, Sunray Gas 
Range, $/o Both in goad w orking cond 223-1564 
6 it.son M elody M aker vLlih b o lte r 
M a c h in e F ra m e s B est T h in Line 
Electric and 2 Japanese Electric. 
67334o3 

Geld Velvet Cola J ti $4o o il While 
Velvet With Gold Trim Chairs, $4o each la m p Table $2o Brass Lam p 
$15, F lam e d On Paintings for Wall 
A rra n g e m e n t 413 o821 

6 6 c f l « Aul" W 
I b ru in s Au vo- 
Need Coll Days 8 to 5 92 3 4 361 
GOOD- working <audition, k en m o 'e wagner 
$8o, 
M aytag d ry er 
$1oo 
696 2386 

G R E E N C R U S H V elv et love seat 
Bl 25 
223 I $o4 or 653 77o5. A fte r 
6PM . M r Trevino 
G re ta M ac (line by M a rx . like new, 
656 3911 
H E A TC R . Bunx tied Old Twin Bott. 
Cots. Rims, Radio. Doors, 735 7683 
H O M E M A D E h 
I. : Pi-dwood fin ished p a tio fu rn itu re , ta b le 6 full 
Denches. 84o; fu ll bed, m a ttre ss , long chest, m irro r, m tht stand, $75, upholstered beige ch air, 
$15. 
686 2183. 
Mdico H earing Aid, orig cost $388, sell $125 cash. Left ear 927 362o 
W oiTor y 'b u a l P o in t B is lr ib g lo r lik e new $15 458 7563 
Xio p lT 'iA/ aa d ' B in lo g* B o'o ri'i T uh Ic 
With 4 Choirs HOO 821 2636 
MOV'lN'd ' b e s s ' H o lt, e-.s' 'ff.d.S g 
Mower. Tent Lam ps, Spanish Fur mtur# Etc 4838 to s t B everly M ae 

B o o k c a s e s , I■ 
Couth Bet liner 
Toole 658 1219 
Comoro, 
Luna 
344 14o/ 

I Oval rugs, BIO and $25 Childs record player $7 Childs bicycle, 56 
Chandelier $15 22o Transform er for tv. $15 6S7 1759.__________________ o i l * IOO sa" ti!' ot O nd Wool tor- u*t. by appointment only, 733*666 
Sake Cover )ox?rt iii, Cham lin k 
Fence With Gate 5 tt Htgn $7$, Wood 
Skirting, $2$, 656 1o64 

4 P ile * gold cru sh v e lv e t couch 
Spanish style stereo 696 8238 
R i b Spanish solo ond tov# seat 
Soto needs sbgnt repair. 
$4o. 
533-5322 
P § '# R lo E B A T o ir ? g E F 2 e 'E 
AU TO M ATIC WASHER A ll work perfectly Reasonable 226 1959. 

Betr ■lei'oior Gas Serwei Good Con d'tion HOO neuter. Gos 815 492 2414 
Sewing m octtineTTenrTiore P o rio bie E xcellent Condition Moved to r obmet Model $65 347 o/65 

Stereophonic Console a m f m Radio 
Rerord 
P la y er, 
8 
Track 
P layer 
432-6651_____________________________ 

Z E N IT H 23 with stand $5o 16 GE 
Portable $4o 
Bom reconditioned 
924 o796_________ 

CO LO R t v 
E x c e ile n t condition 
$11o 922 4225 
WE BUY 
F u rn itu r e , A p p lia n c e s , A n tiq u e s . 
E sta tes, A n y th in g e l V alue tra m one piece to houseful Call 
342-47$$ A n y tim e 
E st is m 
“ 
W T W Y e ASH 
- 
For G ood Used F u rn itu re 

All Cqtn Bedroom *>#• Gun Cabin els, Tobies. 4 Oak Choirs 6 Mogn ogny Chairs Hutch, 533 741 1 
AR C H E W equipm ent,"BOH shoes and god bog 344 332o 
• A E Y i!toffies s u es m iq n t .'yr-, 
M ivf household item s 656 3981 

21" Console Zenith color TV. good p ic tu re 
H e a v y 
D u ty v a c u u m cleaner 
Block and becker 
432 8536________________ 

TELEVISION, 71 portable, Zenith, block ana white, 859 342 o971______ 
Tires und wheels 
15x8 7,8 H. 6 lug 
C h e w truck. 5 tor $75 822 1462 

T lre 6 ,"'* each w ilt) wheels. B^Ox (6 
C h e w 6 lug $‘,o 492 2414 
Unused Baby C a rria g e , Cost SISO, 
Will bell $65 921-3788 
P a T u W 
T le o n e r s . 
H o o v e r 
U p rig h t, E le c tro u x , E u re k a . $2o each 734 8865 a tier JPM 

C leonm g O ut C loset Sole 
M ens blacks. 
Womens 
Clothes. 
Misc 
344 3611. 
________________ 

C oidspot lie trig e ra io r Avocado i t 
Co Ft Frost F ree w ith ic# M aker 
Excellent Condition 349 o59o 

C o llec to rs p la te s , la rg e v a rie ty " 
Dote pkney a nd others 626 2317 
E le c to r s Plate (972 Berlin Des*gn 
Christm as Plot# $35 F irm 7169478 atter 6pm 

 u jT m r T o T ^ n o S e T T IT n ^ e ^ T r 
'p e te rs needing ry p a .r 341 1865 
Co u c h 
M a tc h in g c h o ir. R e c lin e r, end table, a ir c o n d itio n e r 
SISO 
133-91 $7 

D E A R B O R N 
W W ) l Y T T therm osfot, 3 speed Plower, equip tor LR, Butane or natural gos S IM 
Other beaters 734 6112, 735 7o57 
D in e tte Se! 7 end (a b ies , to ffe e ta b le , w o s b e r -d r y e r , 
2 la w n mowers, J sewing machines. I comr 
TV, I, I tier yard fountain and dog house 658 8528 
D inette A iL e 
B utcher fo p L ike 
New $35 7156413 
O tning"5oom "^et 7 ac 
$7(1 
Ywln 
Bed 
Springs, 
M attress 
$3o 
34? 4222 

 f AKCETIFURMITURE 
Buy, Sell, Trade, R epair 
$322 SAN F E D R O 
626 2127 
—crony vour Used P.urn, 
2267111 or 22611o2 
-------------- 51atI6 n5 {--------------- 
W illiam s. 227 1792, 159 ■ Houston 
" « J 5 'i > 
'A V iL A s k e -------------- 
For used furnitu re and w orking a p pkg netts. 9268942, 927 4o45 

B a r r e l B ack S ty le c h a irs , g o ld 
Brocade, Peacock Blue Good cond 
$45 eg French P rovincial end table 
$5o French P rovincial coffee table 
$5o 629 3952. 126 4515 
We Pay More Cast) 
F o r I hot Good Fie no 
Th ot you o re not using Please 
M r Lean at 223-6151 

W A L L H e aters , rugs, pads, sink, toilet 63o Adf ion 
W A N TE O 
D u n c a n i»hyte L a m p 
Table Reasonable, Coll, 344 44/1 
W o n ted 
*J e x I c a n a nd /a r e i g n coms Will pi* sup 698 2716 
W A N T f o 
Use I Is o ip iiq l bed in goad cond 7322312 

■ ED , k in g size lo a m m a fram e boards $8o 149 9497 

Beds, m orn, u ii 
, 
IM O Lbxeseof, $75. 
$55. J m aple c noir 1 stools- $45 922 V/V4 

7* s. 45 s. LP S 34 1 o97*___________ 
R tfn g e ro to i anti stave. * upperloni like new, 51*3o t i l 4516 414 7597 
For axtr« cash, tall that o u td o o r fu rn itu re n o w I 

Maying" (U ors D ishw asher a new te a t Noise reduction unit. a chil aren v Jungle G »m 656 6 IV I________ 
O* ixTniol ^ how Yable, Ro ii'Mi ?fia"r ottoman H a ka ta Dolls. Plate, Vase 
Brass Candlesticks, Misc 
149 o727 

Spanish Sofa and (h a ir , Lave Seal. 
Chair rind CWtomofi s Cocktail and 
Two L o m p T a b le *. Sw ag I am p. 
Rose Window M irro r. W all Table 
P a in tin g s , S to rm D oer 32 *7 o . 
Built In Oven 696 5o9* 

W A N T E D : c U i AF' canoe or L odi, filmut 14 H 82* 4758 
W A N T E D Conga D rum s 
341 U U 

IT S CASY TO P LA C E A 
EX P R E S S -N E W S 
W A NT AO y25 1666 

Ch e s t et D raw ers w hite French 
P ro ve n c al t i * 732 87o8 

N O N CO M M ERCIAL! 
C A N C IU A iL I 
W ITH O U T 
R A N CH ANKH 

LINES 

6 
D A Y S iDS O N LY 

( 
WIUS-TtADK 
K j u } 

PARTS M AN AG ER 

For large G M dealership. 
Bilingual 

 preferred. Must have 15 years parts 

 experience. 
Salary and commission 
$2,ooo month. 

Reply to Express/News Box 7771 

San Antonio, Texas 78297 

CAREER OPPORTUNITY 

For a bright, ambitious person with good sales 

 skills. To be trained in Atlanta as an Elec­ 

 trologist. (PERMANENT HAIR REMOVAL). For a 

 leading department store beauty salon in this 

 city. Expenses paid. 
Call For Appointment 
344-8311, Ext. 21o 

TOM BROW N, INC. is now accepting job applications for its drilling rigs in the South Texas area. Experience preferable. 

• TOOL PUSHERS 
• DRILLERS 
• DERRICK MEN 
• FLOOR MEN 
Call 915-563-1927 
PO Box 26o8 Midland, Tx. 797o1 
• q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 

WANTED: 
BRIDGE AND 
DAM PERSONNEL 

W . Need Ttl. Following 

• W M K * O S D O I FOS EMFN 

• BRIDGE CARPENTERS 

• CONCRETE FINISHERS 

Work 

Texos 
(Robarfson 
Dem). 

 l l 

Apply ie pm ien at T o e s employment Co mum non, 4o6 

S. Main, Sen Antonio 
In­ 

 terview* tea. 6 A 7, 1977. 

TEXAS 

BITULITHIC CO. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

MAINTENANCE 

$7oo 
R f PAID 

G ro w in g builder an d pro­ perty m anagem e nt co m ­ 

 po n y seeks general m om tenoner exp. Pickup an d ma|or benefits Furnished. 

CAU 69o-9191 

Key Personnel 

Search Consultants 
42o4 Gar Pand it., Su d . 314 
San Antoni., I n n 7B229 

J 
PARTS DIPT. 
*96 
Ports Bunk ond mechcnirol obili- J f ty necessary High school educe tion and good physical (ondition to perform receiving ond ship­ ping duties. Good solory ond benefits. 
Apply at: 
Refrigeration 
Engineering Corp. 

8799 Crownhill, San 

Antonio, Tax. 
^ 
Iquol O ppartunfty fm pioyar ^ 

JFOOP DWNK SERVICES ) [6 1 6 ) 
FOOD-DRINK SERVICES) (feT?) 

Wincheilh. 

D o n u t H o u s e 

Division of Denny's Inc. 
STORE MANAGERS 

Positions available in 
San 
Antonio, 
Austin, 
Houston ond W est Texas areas. 

N o Experience Necessary 
Complete Training 
N o Capital Required 
Salary 
G roup Insurance 
Bonus Plan 
Retirement Plan 

Excellent opportunity for advancement with 
America s fastest grow ing donut chain. 
For In te rvie w Contact: 
Don O ’Connor 
Monday, January 3, 8:3o am • 3:3o pm 
Holiday Inn 
512-732-5141 

 lf unable to call, please send resume in con­ fidence to: 

525 N. Great Southwest Pkwy, 
Arlington, TX 76o11 

 egual opportunity em ployer 

HUP WANTID 
MISCELLANEOUS 
HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

San Antonio EX PRESS-N EW S— Sunday Jan 2 I 977 
Page I 3-D 

HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
C 

HUP WANTED 
MLSCEUANEOUS 

 r 
PROFESSIONAL 
WAITERS & WAITRESSES 
(PA R T TIM E) 

Experienced only in semi-dinner house. 

Excellent w ages and benefits 

 apply in person jojos restaurant & lounge 
2o 7 NE Loop 4 1 o 

 no phone calls please 

I 

 t 

A 
A 

♦ 
♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

• DISHW ASHER 
G ra v e y a rd Shift 
• W AITRESS 
P M Shift 
Part time, permanent positions. Experience is preferred 

 a p p ly in p e rson jojos restaurant 

2 o 7 N W Loop 4 1 o 

 a I 

* 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

BOYS ANO GIRLS— 11-16 
YEARS OF AGE 

★ TURTLE CREEK 

A DATA POINT 

★ GARDENDALE 

Part-time earnings afternoons 
Monday 

Friday— any 45 minute period between 3:3o 

 p.m. - 5 p.m. and Saturday & Sunday mornings 

. . . any 45 minute period between 5:3o a.m.* 

7-.oo a.m. $4o-5o monthly. Plus, win prizes, 

 cosh, trips, movie posses, 

 and tickets to local events. 

It you are close to one of 

 the nhove lo t io n s coll 

MARK TACKETT 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Ext. 124 
Before 5:oo p.m. 

After 5:oo p.m. Call 
6 9 o -8 9 4 5 

An Equal Qpfrarfuraty Employer 

CARRIERS NEEDED 
DO YOU: 

Need to earn up to $ I 5o a month for 
2 hrs. work each morning? 

Must have reliable transportation! 

Call Express managers after 5:3o p.m. 

U niversal C ity — 
6 5 8 -1 3 2 2 

K irb y -C a m e lo t— 
6 5 5 -6 8 5 8 

N orth off Perrin B e ite l— 
6 5 5 -7 2 o 4 

Lackland A r e a —- 6 7 4 - 7 o 7 5 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS an equal opportunity e m p lo y e r 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

Presently Inte rvie w in g for Tem porary Jobs N e e d 5 o Se cu rity 

O fficers (M ale & Female) 

FRING E P R O G R A M 

Pay $ 2 4 3 par week 
Uniforms furnished 
Excellent training program 

R EQ U IR EM EN T S 

M u st be in excellent p h y sica l c o n d itio n o n d ab le to w ork lo n g hours. M u st be 21 o r over. H ig h sc h o o l e d u ca tio n or 

 equivalent. M u st h a v e im m aculate b a c k g ro u n d . M u s t h a v e 

 security e xperience 

C A N Y O U Q U A L IF Y ? 

In fe r v ie w lit g Tvrn*.-Sri. 8 - 6 (n o p h o n o c a lls) 

S M IT H 
STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. 

21 I W . O lm o s 

 a n e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

AIR CONDITIONING 
Installation Helpers 
Needed 

Minimum 6 months ex­ perience in fiberglass duct required. 

342-31o5; 9 AM to 4 PM 
Weekdays Only 

STUDER’S 
PHOTOS 

Full time ond Port time help 

 wanted. Photographic back­ 

 ground desirable 
Training 

 program. 

Call For Appointment 

227-7363 

Lynn Jackson 

 she* 

LAREDO SHOE FACTORY 
HAS OPENINGS FOR: 

* Sewing Dept Supervise* 
Mutt how experience rn manufacturing 

 e Woe Fact cry EN chawn 
Must knew ail typos al sawing machines ond SHO* equipment 

Salary Ops* 
Geed Benefits 
Must retoiote ui Laredo Compony writ pay for move 
(pH S I I 723-OOJ1 lee Mc. Feel freedmen 4-5 Mkmdey thru friday 
OR 
Send Information to FO lee 1774, lorede Ti 74o4o Only socieus, *»• pent need persons need apply 

^ t q o o l O p p r ^ 

F IN IS H C A R P E N T E R 
N o n o o se rs 
Of rankles M u st be wilting to w ork one) ow n h an d tools C o il o57 2117 
Cf tween j and 7 p ry in g 
H A I R D R E S S E R im m e d ia te open 
■ na wiMi sr without renew ing 
349-4311___________ _ 

WANTED: 
Dependable people with transporto hen ond telephone. 
REW ARD 
Fort tune temporary positions in tho mriustnol held H you leant to ceded 
C A U 3 3 4 -1 7 2 1 

> t i 

Quality Temper my Help Service 
7 7 9 I. H O U S T O N ST. 

M e c h a n ic with som e h e a v y eauio- m e n l e x p e r ie n c e o n d B a c k h o e ope rato r 
D o not o o p lv u n le ss ex p e rterre# Coll ASI 6o61______________ 
• M U L T IU T H P R E S S M A N 
• C A M E R A M A N 
•P R IN T IN G S A L E S 
E xce llen t n ay o nd trm te benefits 
A P in y a t I 2 * E R > o ^ s o d v 

FRY COOKS 

M ust have experience in egg cooking, sanita­ tion and food control. 

Excellent w ages and benefits 

 apply in person jojos restaurant & lounge 
2 o 7 NE Loop 4 1 o 

 no phone calls please 

JOBS FOR PEOPLE IN MILITARY 
SERVICE 
HELP OUR PUBLIC RELATIONS 
DEPARTMENT 

M u st K n o w ond Like P eop le 

Tw o e v e n in g s A W e e k 
$5o PER WEEK 

CALL FOR A P P O IN T M E N T 
349-3923 Ext. 23 

• 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 
I 

 c 
SKILLS TRACH 

We hove a position open for O p e ra ­ tor on Sheeting m a ch in e a n d Cutting 
M a c h in e In vin yl b in d er dept M u st h ove e xp e rie nce . Se nd re su m e to 
J e r r y E llis. J o h n D E M IS B in d e ry , le i 
M a n u fa c tu rin g St..D a llas. 
Tx 
752o7 
W e h a v e a p o sitio n op e n fo r Silk 
Scre e n D e p artm en t F o re m a n . M u st have e xp e rie n c e 
Se nd re su m e to 
J e rry Ellis, John O E llis B in d e ry, 
141 M a n u fa c tu rin g St., D a llas. T e x­ as 752o7 

$125 wk M e c h a n ic s 53oo wk 
G a s or D ie s e h need 8 t o d a y 1 A A Co. ike K elly 
923 4166 413 S A M ilita ry 
Jobs, South P la ce m en t Se rvic e 

N E E D F D I M M E D I A T E L Y 
S H O P 
F O R E M A N , tor C h r y s le r O e o le r sh ip , 
C h r y s l e r e x p e r ie n c e p referred M u st be p erm anent a n a a g a re e s siv e W rite B ox 121 A. Cor pus 
Christi, 
Tx 
7*4o3 or cal* 
V S 12-443-o9 ll._______________________ 
N e e d E x p e r ie n c e d W a r e h o u s e 
W orke r SSoo ond up Fu ll com p an y benefits C o ll C m d v *32 2191 25o1 
West Ave. 
J ohs N o rth , in c , P la ce m e n t Se rvic e 
N E E D 
Sewing Machine 
OPERATORS 
P ants, sh irts a nd blue leans, good so lory, lf not expe rie nce d, we will te a c h y o u . P o id v o c a t io n s o n d h o lid a y s . C o m p o n y p o id h o s p i lo ln o b o n policy, ye a rly bonus, tree p a rk in g 
A p p ly 
Jo n 3rd M o n d a y m o rning 
F IN E S IL V E R M FG . CO. 
*14 C o m g rp n St 
P e st con tro l se rv ic e m o n w onted, e x p e r ie n c e p r e f e r r e d b u t n ot n e ce ssa ry 
A p p ly at 
122B 
W 
R h ap sod y 
P L U M B I N G R E P A I R M A N 
E xp erienced emu 42* 3331 
P U M P E R tar * ell wells near C a ld ­ well. T exas. C o m p r e s s o r e x p e r ­ ience also necessary C oll *24 9*17 go y s 
24* M ST nights_______________ 

W O R K O V E R S E A S , A u s t r o l lo . 
A trice. South A m e rico , E u ro p e etc 
C o n s t r u c t io n , S o le s. E n g in e e r s , 
C lerical etc S I OOO to 55o,ooo+ E x ­ p e n se s p a id 
F o r e m p lo y m e n t in ­ f o rm a t io n w rite 
O v e r s e a s E m ­ ploym ent 
B ox 
IO U , 
Boston, 
M o o21o3 

(fOOD-DRINK S IR V K fsjC S T Q 

$6oo R o u t* D riv e r $9oo 
N eed 4 lo sta rt Not! C o s tra in in g p ro g r om John H a m p to n 
923-4264 
413 SW M ilita ry 
I 
South Placement Service 

12 SO Security Under cover t i *ohr 
Need I today' Natl Co with future 
Ike Kelly 923 4344 41] SW Military jobs. South Placement Service 

M ANAGER 
TRAINEES 
Applications art now biting occaptad by 

KENTUCKY 
FRIED CHICKEN 

 at 9/o4 IH35 north for young, og 

 git Hive persons with a high school diploma, 19 years of age ai over 
Opportunity for career growth with company on th* pb training in od phases af store management Com­ pony henef'U 
656-1o2o 

W AITRESSES 
• ASST. C O O K 
• BUS HELP 

LuncFi O nly 

G ood benefits 

 apply in person only between IO am -11-3o only 
Tastesetter 
Restaurant 
Frost Brothers, 

S e c o n d f lo o r 

N o r t h S t a r M a ll 

STORE MANAGERS 

» 
♦ 
* 
♦ 
* 
3$ 
+ 
+ 
* 
» 
* 
* 
* 
*I* n 
4 
4 
4 

Com pany benefits 

Full training 

N o experience necessary 

Com pony paid life insurance. 

Hospital insurance, 

Long term disability 

Salary $ 6 7 2 per month 

-I- Com m ission 

DOMESTIC 

NHO All-Around 

HOUSEKEEPER 
'• S Wry week 
• {aiery ohm * average 

• Mutt spook English 

Experienced ac, J References 
Required 

‘Ye hove children, pets, and pood (ob avoilnbl* for right person 
422-o949 1oam -7 pm 

 q ^ p— im e * J |p * 

[SITUATIONS WANTED^(624) 

 ironing, w a sh in g done in m y hom e 
Bv M r s S p e a rs 736 39o.’ 
P B X O perator or P B X Re ce p tion ist 
SW Bell tra in in g 82* 4*23 
P ractica l N u rse will care tor inva lid or elderly person. 681 o891 
Will keep c h ild ren in m y hom e by 
♦he w eek 
Sah ara a n d S o n P e d r o a re a 349 7o65 
_______________ 

7o1 MISCELLANEOUS tor SALE 

R E P O p o r t a b le b u ild in g s 8 *1 o , 
12x24 year end p ric e s te rm s, F i e ? d elive ry 633 8111 
____ 

Convenience Store Management 

Choice of career plans and locations 

Shift a rra n g e m e n t or contract for sa la ry a n d co m m issio n 
★ PAID V A C A T IO N 
★ FREE IN S U R A N C E 
★ B O N U S PLA N 
Bookkeeping, Office & Clerical help also needed 
Lone Star Ice & Fopd Stores 
3 o o W . Jones A v e . 
Interview s 1-4 p.m. w e e k d a y s 

U se d 12x16 por table b uild ing delivery, te rm s I i i 3171______ 

DOMESTIC 
DOMESTIC 

W INDSOR PARK 
BANK 
N o w accepting a p p lica tio n s for 
M A ID 

Work consists of light housekeeping and deaning. 
G o o d co m p an y b e n e fits 
P aid va ca tio n 
Profit sh a rin g 
Call for a p p o in tm e n t 
655-3311 , ext. 75 

7o4 BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

A n tiq u e ta b le s a n d ( h a ir s g o o d sound a retes 
D o u ght! v A n tiq u e s 
6*4 oJ44. 
________________ 
4 C A S H R E G I S T E R S g r o c e r y c h e c k o u t m o d e l 
NC R c la s s 5 
I y e a r s old C o n to rt Sa m Sh e a r ter 
1 569 4864, P le a s a n t o n 
T < or 
225 $781, San A ntonio 
D a ta Poin t HOO M in ic o m p u t e r 
4 disket with prin te r and co m m ten tyre t year old 
Sa ve O v e r .1o 
691 1629 
F o r A L L N E W and U S E D K itch en 
E q u ip m e n t and Su pp lie s See 
L e v in so n R e sta u ra n t Su p p ly Co 
19oo sun P e d ro 
7JJ o93) 
G A S onto clove, electric onto clove 
S t e a m g e n e r a t o r 22o v o lt lo b c a b in e t s o n d lu m p h o o d lo r a n stainless r efrlget utoi 
341 8228 
G R O C E R Y S T O R E E Q U I P M E N T 
F o r s a le 
2 s t o r e s 
G o n d o la s , 
P r o d u c e D is p la y s C o o le r s M e a t 
M a rk e t ond 
M in i 
E q u ip m e n t 
4JI 1489 
IB M EXC olive typ e w rite r 
5195 534 349o 
Ilk! 

(HS 

LEASING 
S P E C IA I l/ IN G IN R U S IN ! SS and P ro fe ssio n a l E q u ip m e n t 
Sa ve t a x C o n se rv e C apital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC. 
>6o3 B R O A D W A Y 
727 9181 
R E E H L E S S 9*o e n g in e o n a ly ie r 
P r ic e d r e d u c e d to r Q u ic k s a le 
* rn " haw H ills E x x o n . 674 2491 
R E C O R D O F O N E 
A u to m a tic T e le p h o n e A n s w e u n g . 
R e c o r d in g , c a ll d iv e r t in g e qp t 
Com petitive p ric e s C oll a nytim e 
R a lp h 's E lectronics. *75 2245 ■ 
R e s t a u r a n t E q u i p 
E v e r y t h in g fro m beet b o x e s a n d f re e z e rs to plates and c a sh register Sell all or p a r t m a k e o tte r 
C o n t in I 
312 VA4 3689 atte! 5 a nd w e ekend s 

U S E D O F F I C E F U R N I T U R E 
D e sk s C h a irs 
T v iw w lte rs A d d in g m a i hm es M u c h m ore 349 26/4 

HUF MANTID 
MISCELLANEOUS 

+ Incentive 

STOP ’N G O MARKETS 
A p p ly District O ffice 
2o 4 E. R h a p so d y Dr. 

IYY 
1 - 4 - 1 ? 

H E L P W A N T E D 

Full or P a rt T im e 
18 years of o9c or ovor 

 a p p l y In p a r s o n o n ly 

(HW phone calix please) 

3971 Fredericksburg Rd. 

 n o n d r e s s e r w on te d , e x p e r ie n c e with follow ing. N E a re a SSS 17oo or 69» 34 o*__________________________ 

HAIR STYLIST 
•seeded tor lull se rv ic e sa lo n w ith e x c e lle n t c lie n te le N e a t a p p e a r ­ ance o n d ple asan t p e rso n a lity a re e ssential Su cc e ssfu l gro w th opoor lenities 4 good sa la ry a nd benefits 
P e rso n a l interview call J oa n Storm 
494 7697 or 696 735o 
H E A V Y E Q U IP M E N T 
M E C H A N IC p r e f e r r e r s with expe rie nce on en- d in ts and t ra n sm iss io n s p rod u cts pre Case. O ra d e ll E lg in and B io s 
C oll DOUP 974 4)33________________ 
H E I I A R C W E L D E R W A N T E D m u st be e x p e r ie n c e d in k itc h e n equipm ent fa b rica tion Too so lo ry quo benefits C o lt 227 *635 i i (tahr A stra l*" D isp a tc h e r 
4o hr w ee* G ood phone voice A d v an ce 
M o to r co Colt John 737 2191 2$o1 
West A ve 
Jobs N orth. Hic , P la ce m en t Se rvic e 
>4 l l hr Shipping and Receiving! 
C lark 
F o rk lift e x * M o to r co m ­ pony COH John 712-2191 2S#l West 
Ave. 
Jobs N orth inc , P la ce m en t Se rvic e 

 l l s ih r W e ld e r* SS H r. go ad exp in a rc m ig -t lg sh e e t m e t a l! R -4L.lt 
Joyce 
Re st 
973 4366 
4!J 
SW 
FA ii if g r y 
Jobs South Floe am ent Se rvic e 
IN S P E C T O R 
Raeidtv growing ce 
Evaluation of residences end com m ercta! buddings car exp pd Po­ tential *13 IJK Tom Snow, M I 2551 
S N E L L IN G 4 SN E L l (NG 
1o3 W R E C T O R Se rvic e r 

 i i (ce n se ih o m o o o g ir l, $9o w eek plus, tips *7 * 9o*3 *7 * 9o*6 J42 4/o? 
M o i tiiriist J o u r n e y m a n o n ly for 
Lo th * ond M ill operation A p p ly In person P re c isio n M ig Co 4544 Sin 
U u n K o 
M E C H A N IC com p an y needs pet son expe rie nce d rn diesel engine*, com ar e sso rs a n d h e o w tru c k s Tap go y a n d c o m p o n y b e n e fits 
A p p ly in p erson to John at 43* Su n d a u R d 
G o ry P oo ls J4t S W ________________„ 
M E C H A N I C S 
G a s a nti d . e s e ' qualified M u st h ove exp G ood Poy and benefits C od Pete 732-21*1 JSC’ 
W est Ave 
Jo b s N orth, inc.. P la ce m e n t Se rvic e 

Seim Trailer Drivers 
Forklift Operator iarefceuse Helpers 
_ o r r la n c e n e e e s s o T y 
A p p l y 
Southern M o v in g i Stora ge C o 3737 
Ro n A m E xprer.sw oy 
S E R V I C E 
S T A T IO N 
A T T E N 
D A N T M E C H A N IC 
A p p ly 72o3 
Biont o RO 
Sewing Line Assem bly 
Will from 
H o rd w o rke r 592 o week 
N eed 6 
Call C m d v 737 ?I9 ! 2$«i W est A ve 
Jab s North, inc , Rtocem ent Service 
Sew ing m ach in e m e ch an ic needed. m u st n a v e af le o st I v e e r e xp e r- ence 
A p ply in p erson 19o7 
H S IX X 
S St 

S h a m p o o g i r l w a n t e d / a p p ly at 
N ew Pv s on M c C ollo ge n M u st h ove license vise *28 577* 
S H E E T M E T A L W O R K S s r 
Apply only if exp erien ced in to em otion #t arr conditioning ducts 
C M I 656-1762______________________ 

TREE TRIMMERS 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
M eaner Tree Service 655 16*6 
" w . U P H O H T E R E B • •• purl lim# B P SM f I 

$5oo V E T E R A N S $8oo 
PgT you m il e xp lo w o r k ' N ee d I 
John H a m p to n 
973-4366 413 SW 
M ilita ry 
Jabs South Placement Service 

P i x 
. 

 n o w 

 h ir i n g 

MANAGER TRAINEES a n d 
ASSISTANT MANAGERS 

Fast fo o d e xpe rie nce prefer red but not n e c e ssa ry S a la ry 

 to com m e nsura te with ex 

 perien ce o n d ability. 
C o m p o n y beneifts 

S o * M r. S im p so n 

2338 Jacktoft-KtllRr 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
W A ITER S 

Fla m in g and go urm e t 
E v e n in g service. 
T ra n s­ p ortation n ee de d 

C a l l M r s . N e u t r o n 

4 9 2 - 1 o 6 3 

T u e s d a y , J a n . 4 
C A N Y O N CREEK 
C O U N T R Y CLU B 
T u e s d a y , Ja n . 4 

MANAGER TRAINEES 
S A L A R Y $625 

MANAGERS 
Salary $62S+Comm 

Need qualified people age 23 or av tor m anagem ent positions 
C A L L FO R IN T E R V IE W 
W CO T H U R S M F M 
Hamby Dairy Queens 
341-3116 

EXTRA CASH 
D eliver Evening N e w s R outes 
I to 2 Hrs. Each Eve n in g and Sat. - Sun. M o rn in g s 

Soma smell routes for boys or girl*. Some motor routos for odults. 

AREAS: W. Travis • W. Houston 

W. Martin - N. Zarzomora • N.W. 24th St. 
For Information Call 

225-7411, Ext. 121 befor* 5:oo p.m. 

A n t g u a l O p p ortunity tm p lo yo r 

ONE STOP FOOD STORES 

N E E D S 

IN V E N T O R Y P E R SO N 

M ust be able to stay out of town overnight 3 or 4 nights a month. 

 apply in person 
NEAL, INC. 

1 3 3 o G E M B L E R R O . 8 - 3 w o r k d a y , 

^$4 Jfc UC jjc 
4o424> 2^8 2E>2E> 2E> K K 36c 
3$, 4|4 
24K 4|t 4|4 JEE 2^2 

3 * * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 3 
* 3 * 3 * * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* COUPLE TO RELOCATE * 

WANTED: 
HYRDRAUUC CYLINDER 
MECHANIC 
B E E X P E R T S 

C O O K : L a d y o r m a n 
N o s i p n e c e ssa ry A p p ly S a m m y » Ita lia n 
R e sta u rant. H IO A u stin H w y 
E x p e rie n c e d C o c k ta il W a it r e s se s 
Fu ll tim e a n d p ort tim e 
A p p ly in person. M o n d a y F n d o v 
9 W ind ing 
W ay 
F X P E R l E N C E D B a r t e n d e r a n d 
W a itress needed tor bar m U nive r sol City C git 6 5 4 o *o * tor appt 
2 t .per i# "r en C o o k s needed C a p o b i* of ta k in g tpti c h a rg e of m e nu p la n n in g 
S h if t s 6 I. J IO 
G o o d s a la r y to Q u a lifie d p e r s o n 
N e w p la t# Opening in Kenedy. T x A p piy rn person or w rit* G re e n D ia m o n d 
R e stau ran t in K a r n e s C ity, 7*11* 

M U S T B C E X P E R I E N C E D 
C A L L 734 42*3__________ 
W ont to be o Pro4*ssrono<» Jinn the 
V oivo t ro m , new shop. equipm ent u n iform s, in su rp n c e . sc h o o ls, o n e fop Poy 2 y e a rs e xperience on tm ports P ho n e 712 2143 

W a re h o u se D e liv e ry rn Q ppe loc ai refe ren ce s 
Apply m ost be neat ond clean in app e ar 
■ K 
X 
I 
P e rson 
O K re n t F le e r C ove rtne 
H»f! f * & * ------------ 

W IL S O N IN T B R N A T IO N A L 
M N E L O O P 41* t u f a n e * 
(112)249 U U 

EXP WAITRESS 
N ight Shift 
Coll M r s L in d se y 721 o *6 * 
W A F F L E H O U S E 
4441 F re d e ric k s b u rg R d 

G en eral C lub M a n a g e r A g g re ss iv e fo od a n d b e v e r a g e o p e r a t io n of 
(.ountry club in H ouston L a rg e well know n p atron a ge H igh S a la ry a na benefits Se nd re su m e , oil re p lie s stile riy^codftoenuQi. p p Box 22617. 

4o K w Week fur tiperunced Cook 
F u n M e n u C oft*# Shoo 
M S T U D H O P E , 341 3631 

W a it r e s s 
M u s t be e x p e r ie n c e d 
W e e-d oxy 
Dow n tow n 
724 Oui I 
455 4*57. 

 d e r c o o k . B u r g e r s e n d o m elets E v e n in g w o rk e xce lle n t w o rkin g conditions and a b ra n d new e x p o se d to p u b lic c o o k in g o r e o 
L v n d v s O r e o ! i n d o o r s . 
5562 
F ft le r u k sb u ig . 341 99o5 

" t o w n if P U M P 
R e sta u ra n t b ar 
B ar le n d e r *** W a itre ss 
W 'll T rgin 223-o4o7________ 

WAITER-WAITRESS 
E V E N IN G S H IF T 
Toe salary, wood tips tree p a rk in g 
24 h ou r rain ily re sta u ra n t 
E A R L 
A B E L S 438o B ro a d w a y 
_____ 

WAITRESSES w a n te d fo r c h in e s e r e s t a u r a n t 
E xp e rie nce d Coll Tom 653 4ley 

W A IT R E S S 
Experienced. A p p ly L a s H a c ie n d a s 
65o6 S Z o n o m o rq . *23 9o56 

F o f new I far deiQii 
WAITRESS NEEDED tub in la c k la n d orc 
674 99*8 
W A N T E D 
Att> a i five o irl for sa n d wich counter A pply in p erson only otter 2pm S o n n y 's B o t B Que, 1o2 
F re d e ric k sb u rg Rd 

W A N T E D 
I x p e r fe n c e d d in n e r w a it r e s s e s a n d e x p e r ie n c e d C o shier See M r Hineioto arter 2pm 
Stockm en 
R e stau ran t 
4o* fc 
C urn m e re *___________________________ w h a r a b u r g e a 
N ee d s P erm a ne n t. F u ll time, M e " 
?r W om en Apply in per son between ond ll am only a l *734 B ro a d w a y 
N o phone coils p le a s e _____________ 
W H A T A B U R G E R 
N eeds P e rm a n e n t 
Fu ll time. M e n or W om en A pply In per son et 4127 
N A C O P E R R I N 
NO phone coli u ism * -------------------------------------------- 

IT S E A S Y TO P I A C B A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A O I I S 1666 

■K 
I 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* I 
* 
* 
* 
I 
„ 
I 3 3 o G a m b le r Rd. 
X 

^ 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* a t e 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* Y 

MANAGE CONVENIENCE STORE 

IN Crystal City 

Commission and vacation paid 

Ap p ly in Person 8 -5 p m 
NEAL, INC. 

ASSISTANT EPI Manager 
M atu re couple to be a ssista n t* while fram in g tor apts m o n o a e rs S o lo ry p lu s a p a rtm e n t 
A p p ly at office, 
3277 H W L O O P 41*. ofter IO o o A M l« 7 P M 

Bseline _ 226-23o3 
C L E R K m oto r c o m p a n y o ffe rin g m otor m e o ita l and hosp insurance. p a id v a c a tio n , p e n sio n p la n o n d paid h o lid a y s N ig h t w ork 
Q p o o r tutny tor a d va ncem e n t A pply E m ­ ploym ent Office 243o Roosevelt San 
Antonio W e ate an e qual o p p o rtun 

DANGERS 
N e e d e d im m e d ia te ly 
N e w p la c e outsid e city lim its 
H ig h p a y a n d lips Coll now 674 9 
V 
8 
* _____ 

DRIVER S1?o WK 
M e c n o n ic a lly inclined A ge H u p ' 
Call Joann 732-97*1 San P e d ro 
E m ploym ent te r U U Son P e d ro 

E V E N IN G 
P A R T T IM E 
S T O C K M A N 
C H E C K O U T e arn extra 2217 pun P e a to 
E X E C U T IV E needs pert tim r m e r rite a ssista n t I2 M 6 7 4 

• M I a n i, 52 b n h o u r 

E X E C U T IV E 
T R A IN IN G 
P R O G R A M 
S to rtin g s a la r y 56oo to 51.ooo per m onth p lu s b o n u s e xte nsive J ye a rs tra in in g p r o g r a m with o 177 ye ar old C om p any, excellent retirem ent, g ro u p in s u r a n c e o n d H o s o ito iir o 
♦ io n b e n e f it s e x p e r ie n c e not t o u r e d , for p e r s o n a l in te rv ie w coll between I Dom 12 or lp m 3pm. 
M r M a c Herbert. 69o oo1o 
— 
F i n n e y T A SSO C I a t I $ - 
P .r sonnet C on sultan ts 
5*35 Cofloghan, Ne 333, S M M f 

APARTMENT 

HOUSE 

CARRIERS 

AREAS: 

EVERS and 41o 
CAU 5:oo P.M.-9:oo P.M. 
826-o427 

I. MULBERRY-N. 
VANDIVER 
CAU 5:oo F.M.-9 oo P M 
344-4268 

NACOGDOCHES- 
41o o(oo 
WORK 2 hr*, in A.M. 
$175 to $25o p«r mo. or according to site of route 

CAIL 1o:oo A.M.-2.oo 

P.M. DAILY 

225-7411, Ext. 112 

An (qual Opportunity tm piey*r 

R A N C H W O R K , h o is e t r a in in g h a n d lin g e s s e n t ia l 
R e f e r e n c e s needed 821 1311 or w rite P O Box 
17o37 Son A ntonio 78717 

W A N T E D T O B U Y 
U s e d o ffic e furniture D e sk s cha irs, lite ccbm els, etc I piece or entire office H S I 
B o s s * R d , 733 7347, 734 JOH. 

R A N C H W O R K on w o ik in g Cottle 
R u n c h tor sob er, dependable, per m onent p erson w illing lo w ork A p ply g iv in g a g e o n d e x p e rie n c e to 
Star R I I 
Box 81 
New B ra u n fe ls 
Tx 78HO 

W E R R E M O V I N G ' P r in t e r s G o a ge Sole, Type t ro v s sh e lf cob iii els. off set o n d le fte ip r e s s e uu iu m en) 117 ( A M A W O N 226 6187 

R E T I R E D C O U P L E to m a n a g e on opt com plex 341 * 1 
S h g k le e N a t u r a l V ita m in s, sp a re ­ time sales b u sin e ss 4(4 456o 

Southwest Air Systems 
N E E D S 
23 TRAINEES lo sta rt w o rk Im m e d ia te ly in d is ploy m e rc h a n d isin g positions 
•N o expe rie nce n e c e ssa ry 
• R a p id A d van ce m en t 
M u st be of leost I* y e a rs old ond h ave lived in San Antonio tor I year 
Call tar interview 
456 533o 
S T U D E N T S W E I C O M E 
Telephone order departm ent neoifs 
J people to w a lk e ve n in g shift C oll 
7.14 8343 between 5 pud 9pm only 
Top Soil Off Ii e D isp a tc h e r 6 dove week, som e Su n d a ys, sh a rp m atu re person, good h ou rly paid dep e nd in g on sk ills Start im m ed iate ly, ex le n t in b e tw e e n lo b tor R e t ir e d 
M ilita ry 433-1489 
___________ 

Security Officers 
SR Pert Mm 
- * M I Nm l a p R e q u i r e d 
S u p e r v i s o r y p o s it i o n 
A v a i l a b l e 
$ 2 3 6 5 2 7 5 P a r M r. 

Work with the leading Security firm in the wot Id Above oytroge per 
Military background profaned 
I rowing provided Shirt boikground check noctnery AH uniforms and equipment furnished 
J o in Tis a 
W A C K I N H U T 
T eam 
A p p ly a t 
46o6 Centerview Dr 5Mile ISS 
Mondoy tribey AJO-5 FJA. 

ASSISTANT 
APT. 
M AN AG ER 

Excellent promot lonal opportunity. N o pet$ - N o children. 

8 2 4 -2 3 2 2 

HOUSEPARENTS cedent benefits 4 sa la r y L iv e In p o sitio n s fo r c o u p le s a n d sin g le 
R e w a r d in g w o rk 
F o r in t e r v ie w 
Uppt call M r s E lk in s 633 I 2 i ; 
Bovsvtiif is en Equal Opportunity 
Em ployer 

L iv e In. reliable p e rso n needed to clean house ‘took tor I) an a help with m y show rats W illing to work tor 
o hom e a n d sm a ll so lo ry 
924 J392 lo c o ! A M W A Y D istrib u to r is help in g m o n y p e r s o n s e a r n m o n e y w o rk in g J.4 h o u r s a d a y 
We c o r help you 
D o n G on rales 735 o179 
4 A R M 

L O O K IN O F O R 4 ' 
F A R T T IM E C A R E E R ? 
Beeline rn heme fashion shews ere tun ane RretiteBte tee AU you need it 4 hours, 4 days or evenings « wee* for I shows Car necessary 
Com 724 2363 tar mere m lorm olian 
M A IN T E N A N C E M A N for lot ge opt com plex 
R iu m b m o e le ctrical a nd h ea tin g e x p e rie n c e e sse n tial 
A p t t u r n 
L o c a l 
R e f e r e n c e s required A pply I U Yonder heck 
M a t u r e p e rso n n e e d e d ta tiva Ut, core for eld erly ge ntlem a n Ret# enct needed N o heavy hou se w o rk req u ire d 
C all before 
I QAM, 
347675* 

T r u c k S to p a s s is t a n t m a n a g e r nloht shift. 5 b o y week. Tex M o rt num ber 5 self se rve truck »top, iH 
IO W e st o n d F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
M a tu re , lo c a l re fe re n c e s re fire d 
M i l i t a r y w e lc o m e s lu r i s SOV/ m o n th 
A ll u p p lu a lie n s lo 
A J 
PIOCH OII C o , Inc 5747 D ietrich R d 
N o phone c o d s piecrse_______ _ 
T ru ck Slop C ash ie r 
E v e n in g . Sp lit Sh ift 
] IO to 12 
T e x o ro t r u c k Center 
P e rm a n e n t lo b 
5 d a y w e e k 
M o t u r e lo c a l references Start 5416 u m onth A ll 
A p plication s to 
A J P lo rh Od C o . 
$7 4/D ietrich R d tor Interview 

• (H ID IN G MAMMALS 

$2 5o Warcbuuse S3 OO 
N o exp reouu e d 1 5 d ay work wk 
Coll JnAnn 717 97*1 Son P e r t r o H 
Cm p loyrn .n l Set 1416 Son Pedro 
We will provide a lovely hom e in the 
Austin H ills tor a couple who will provide o tester hom e there ret a m enially relorded young Indy This ceuel# m ust have integrity he re- sp o n sib le , be kin d ond ge n tle 
It initiester! please (Oil (312)32/ 2221 

62? DOMESTIC 

B A B Y S I T T E R M y noons M o n d o v i 1 Ida tom e A f f * 
337 7o91 
B u b y s 111 et n e e d e d in m y h o m e fto b iack C a lla gh a n R d 
5*o week 
696 2959 
C hild care tor 3 child ren utter school pud / e ve n in gs ow n tron sp o riu lro n 
8246933 
_________________ 
D e p e n d a b le liv e in p r iv a te ro om u nd bath. T v . light h o u se k e e p in g o n d i g r e of m iu n t 
G o o d so la r y. c o n g e n ia l f a m ily 
D a y t im e o is o o n std e re d 
R e fe re n c e s 
494 6957 otter 4pm 
D e p e n d a b le live in couple 
P ie ce r 
Older or se m i re tire d G a rd e n in g , housew ork 
N ice place to live a nd w ork 
Se parate 
O tis 
S a la ry 
492 'J Q 4 M 
E x p e r ie n c e d M a i d fo r g e n e io l housew ork 3 d ays, own trgn sp orto lio n M u st h o v e re fe re n c e s G oo d so lo 1 y 34 ) 435o____________ 
L a d y lo B u b vsit M o o d ily F rid a y N 
E sid e . r e f e r e n c e s r e q u ir e d 
927 $237 ofter 6 w e e .d a y s l a d y to c le a n h o u se 
M u s t h a v e efr onces o nd fron spo r lotion 
7346*71 

C & $ LUMBER 
COMPANY 
FARMER 5 SPECIALS 
V t'id !6" pento posts...............$2 3o sa 
7 'k 4 'V pento pests........... 
$2 45 ta 
IJ'/i ga barb a i r t ........... $16 95 roll 
(ort iron............ $l9 95 sq 
12' galv steel 
B o te ............$27 95 e« 
14' getv steel 
• a f t 
$32 95 ee. 
BUILDERS SPECIALS 
2x4 precut Ne 3 T F ., Tbs ta 
2x4 precut h r 
194 aa 
2*4 IO thin 16 Br .. 114 N 
2x4 IO ond 12'TF . . . 94 ti 
4*1 7/16 rough textured 8" OC $7.9$ ee. 
12*16 lap sd* rough textured 2IV|4 lf 
4xlV«" IC ply weed, smooth 2 sides .. $11.95 
4 s i Vt” BB ply weed. smooth 2 sides $12.95 eg 
4*1'/.' CO shoe .. $5 45 ta 
All ro t QUAurr stock 
ONI ST OF CINTER 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4 6 4 7 R O O S E V E IT 
(S I 2 ) 9 2 4 * 3 5 6 

BILD MART 
6 o 1 F lo r id a • 3 3 4 - o 7 5 1 
DISCOUNT 
B u i l d in g M a t e r i a l S t o r e 
9 lock well nu** w ••■dm 6 4i$ I J9 99 
Br (elf#* Delu** Bude! . 
$26 95 
TI Otgifal Notches 
$19 95 up 
F a i n t C l o s e o u t • 3 o % O H 
Bodem (faqir Int 
(attn 
Ref $J 95 peri 
OKI lot* I temiatoi- Roe $6 6o pal 
Is. rep $2o9 
Rep $ 7 4 9 «•> 
OKI Atry til fatei holy High (poll enamel 

 d o w n . 
4*1 

Rep $9 95 pol 
Quarts, Reg. $ ) IO alison ort laminated nimbi 36x9* 
454 sa H 
4«| J 31 Sand topewuod punslmg 
IIIIX 

Of ten 
3pet tai, $5 79 
$1 SY 
4.1 H 
SHEI IRO! I 
$1 69 
4x1 W 
SHIE IR IX ! 
$1 79 boidbond oibettm wdtna 
$76 95 
52 poi mod Whiskey bbl i i 5 49 
Wood kroon Dealt 

Regular $6 49 
4x1 /« 
SHU K O U 

M K f 'S S , 36*8o 
$19 95 
75 Hi bag oM putpoi* 
$2 55 
4 gel box leady Bu 
$4.55 

I IV E in, di peridobie person, over 
5o lo c u r * fur e ld e rly m o n 
L ife hou se w o rk, so m e c o o k in g P riv a te r o o m o n d b o a r d p lu s 57oo m o 
P r e f e r e n g lis h sp e a k m g 
R e fe r enc es 8/6 5134 
I t V F Tn H O U S E K E I P f R 
S t d a y s. 7 c h ild r e n , se n o r qty q t r i, refe ren ces *7 * 7396 
L IV E IN H O U S E K E E P E R 
D e s t r * m o th erly, re sp o n sib le F u g b s h s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r iv e r s license far Castle H ills fam ily with td re n to 
7 o n d 4 
E x c e lle n t illy P riv a te room Coll 144 9*47 
H o usekeep er needed. n eo n QUO s.ilo ry 735 4939 W m a d and a ssista n t for phy sn oily r.andu o1,qed 23 old tem pt* 
C ub 65o o423 
L iv e in or da> bela needed fur infant c o r * a n d h o u s e s e e o in g E x ce lle n t pay 826 »*»* 
_____________________ 
M o t o r * lady 
L iv e in with e ld e rly se m i in v a lid w o m a n M u s t sn e ak i m i j a L i i t t . 
M a t u r e p e rs o n needed Ie liv e in, cote tor elderly gen fie m o n Relet 
• ru e s needed No h * g w hou se w ork req uited 
C oll before lOAM . 
142 *75* 
^ ________________ 
N e e d e d T m m e d m t e i v m a t u r e , dependable M y* in for c o r * of 5 yr 
o<d g ir l a n d lite h o u s e k e e p in g 
R o o m b o a r d , t o i a r y + o f h t r frenetics 633 3344 
^ 

PUU OB PART TIMP 

173U S O P E R W E E K 

CAU: 341 w a s 

FULL TIME CLERK ti P M to I A M I ? 5o per hour Stu ll com p o ny b neb ts o n d od vo n ce m en t o p p o rtu n ity 
A p p ly of Slo e N G o 
M a rk e t, 2o4 § R h a p so d y Dr 

H O U S E W IV E S 
W ork ii i your ow n neighborhood, h ill ar e erf tim e 
6*4-2626______________________________ 
I M M E D I A T E O P E N I N G F O B . 4 in d iv id u a ls to store rn p e rm a n e n t fu ll t im * lo b o 
* 1 * 5 j e t w e ek if q u a lifie d N o e x p e rie n c e re a m e d oil 633 7451 in need of a su b stan tia l 2nd incom e f 
C en 45*6o34 far m terview __________ 

3 L A D IE S N E E D E D J h o u rs do ty. 
5 d a y w eek! 
Products toe 
STS 
Stan le y H om e 
533 36oo 

HIEB HHP 
In o u r s h i p p i n g d e p a r t m e n t , 5 d ov 4o hour week good so lo ry paid v o ca tio n s a nd h olid a ys, C o m p o n y paid h osp ita lita tlo n p olicy y e a rly bonus, tree p o is in g A p p ly J a n u a ry 
Jrp M o n d o y m o rn in g 
F I N E S I L V E R M F G CO 
>16 C R m e rg n St ________ 

N E B O I T ru c k Sloe AtTendant S e r­ vicem en, n ight shift I d a y week 
M atu re w illing w orker, p e rm gn e n i 
S f o r t s S 6 6 * a e r m o n t h 
T e s e c e 
T ru ck Conte, 
G a * end E o f T ru ck 
Step AH A e e h c a h e n s I * A J Fin ch 
Oil C e Inc 
5747 D ie tric h R d N o a n»ne ceils. r i* p * * __________________ 
F A R T T IM E C A S H I E R S *2 IO on hr 6pm tjpm , 2o 3o b r r a week No exp n e c e ssa ry M in age It A pply in p erson 9-1 M en F ri, Sfoo N G o 
M a rk e ts 2o4 E R h a p so d y 
F A R T I M E i s tuts a ss a i tar tor git 
H W opt c o m p le x sends Coll 732 3997 to w o r k w ee 

2 P O S IT IO N S A V A I L A B L E 
M a in te n a n c e a n d t ra n sp o rt a tio n 
A p p ly M onday F r id a y . I JO A M to v P M 94o1 Starer est 

Responsible Couple o r s in g le m o i* fo r h o u s e w o r k 
. c ord w ork 
Se p a rate atry p ro v id e d P le a sa n t w o rk in g cond) borts in O lm o s P gr k ll th 2o94 a n t W o n te d 
P ie t t y r o o m sep arate both, T v IO yr cud box SOO 
•J* 679o or *22 o7o7 or w rite M 
G o ry C ol*. 5o37 B ry ce , Ft W orth, 
Tx 761o2 
S e nee e s it o s n v re n tg c u p r lo c om o d o to n b on o se p o ro d o . T V n in e de IO o n e s SOO per se m a n o 
•26*79o o *22 o/o2 o e sc rib e al Sr a ry ta i# , 5o37 B ry ce , Ft W orth 
IliS i 
S in g le grrl for lite h o u se k e e p in g 
G ood d riv e r a nd cook f t *# roam e nd boor d plyk sotp ry I i i 66X2 
W A N f E D 
L a d y 'to""clean" krunder iron I dov week 
M u st hove refer ecu es Coll 696 332* Ofter 7pn 
W o m an to b v * in 
5 d o v s G en era l h ousew ork 
Soeak so m e E n g lish 
*27 o5o3 hH-vmrnmw 

A « g u n i o n ^ ^ T ^ ^ » * ^ O o o ^ w o i smut! b u sin e sse s 494 6*43 ofter /pm 
C H IL D C A R E lh m y hom e * 6 wk dove Fe n ce d vo id NE week 634 624o 

 lei rex (mWw w M n Im cmMwi 
$ $ $ S A V I$ $ $ 
CASH ’N*CADAY 
AAotlerCbargeeEenbAnierKerd 

PRE-INVENTORY 
SALE 

• MUST REDUCE STOCK • 
Acres o f Bargains!!!! l u m b e r - P l u m b i n g 

H a r d w a r e - i l a < tricot 
7x4 pre rut dud-. Ne J 
694 eg 

2x4 studs ne J 
694 eg 
I i 4 I 14 lengths fir 
94 ti 
2x6 I 14 lengthy fir l]V | 4 ll 

4x1 7 I* textured 
H I tiding 
$7 95 
4x8 
< ne I CUA (By 
$6 79 ee 
4<l 5 37 Vintage gulf $5.19 eg 
4.8 i i ? bond, prig 
$ 5 E 9 x o 
4x1 5 3? pggd prig 
$3.99 eg tx* rough tem mg 
I J ' |4 lf 

AU TOF QU RUTT STOCK 
ONI H O F ((NTH 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 

4 6 4 7 R O O S E V E L T 

( 3 I 3 ) 9 2 4 - 8 5 5 6 

 c m a c 

C hild care w hit* you w ark or shop 
In fa n ts p re sc h o o l, n e a r m a lls 
341 o961 M r s Taylor 

 c r r x x x i z 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

56C UGUN4 a 226-3141 

Qenuine Strong (era (errug ben 

 lengths ie TO 
$24.95 * 
I i i ? lough tx dor fan'her 
. 5 *4 mu n j 

 feinted ties 
$4 93 t 
Asbestos Siding 
$26 95 tq 

Oak Whiskey bends 
$15.95 ee 

74« lb S O rig. caters 
$14.55 l i b fat, 4 sq ••!« 
$7 45 insubfran ) 
94 iq ft 

 insulation 6 
I $4 sq kl 

Y I H R H O M E V E A V E R 

M i l x K k w t x le x k X r M i v w f 
W H *,* C a lk N u ex W helasal* 

 l l 
E H 
. U l U 
S 
T 
. 

 f a c e 
14-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S- 
•+ — -— 
— 
- — 
-— 
:--------------t— 
-Sunday Jan 2 19 7 7 

W 
A N T E D ! ! 

I 
A 
| | B 
P A Y C A S H ! 
M i l PJI 
BUY A N Y T H IN G ! 

^ 
™ 
P A Y MORE! 

San Antonio's Finest... 
PA W N AN D JEWELRY CO. 

Is Paying... 
TOP DOLLAR 

For 
Diam onds, 
Jewelry, 
W atches, 
Class 
Rings, 
S terling] 
Silverware, Coms, G old, Silver, Platinum , G uns, Cameras, 
Radios, TV s. Stereos, C B '*, M usical Instrum ents, Tools, Sad dies. Sporting G oods, Typewriters. 
OR WHAT HAVE YOU!! 
WE LOAN MORE ON ANYTHING OF VALUE 
(A ll Loans A Purchases Confidential) 
I 
U n b eata b le Bargains In 
N e w and Used M erchandise 

(use Our 9o-Day FIT! tay-away Pion) 

SAVE TIME— CALI US FOR FAST PROFESSIONAL SERVICE 
THOMSON S PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 
“ Your Friend In The Pawn Business" 
3 1 o 6 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 6 -1 8 o 6 

ANTIQUE AUCTION 
Commq Sunday, Jan 9, I lo 
G ary's Antique Auction Mouse 
Lockhart,Tx - Coil J98 3/Ot 
A N TIQ U E butte* 
( bino cabinet 
SMK). firm . 
SCHRANK. 
SUS 
657 1759 

ANTIQUE GOLF CLUBS 
Each authentic H ickory shafted aolflnq Iron from the early 19oo era has been beautifully reconditioned individually mounted in handsome 
4J x l2 " rough cedar fram e, SOO ea 
6539732 
ANTIQUES IN MY HOME 
46 square oak table, oak piesafe. walnut wardrobe, walnut bed. oak fern stand, brass lamps, m ore old things. 656 1394 
Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen. Kingsize 
SOUD BRASS HEADBOARDS 
*74-6925 
3123 Broadway 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
545o Old Seguin Rd 
661 5587 
BUY SELL APPRAISE 
Best Prices Paid for Anhaues 
PH IL W ILLBORN 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
82* 2749 
36o9 Broadway 
735-2414 

CHOPPING BLOCK 
Grobo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 

CLIM ER S RUMMAGE BARN 
CASH AND CARRY 
Antiques, Bottles, Prim itives 
Relics and Many Other Things 
COME SEE* • Open 11 AM to SPM 
Closed Wednesdays and Sundovs 
1-742 88o8 during business hours 
Where Hwy 476 crosses Hwy 16 
POTEET, TEXAS 

F o rm a l dining room suite solid carved ook, re cta n g u la r table . 6 chairs. 51t butter 424oo 222 2o33 

 lf you have A n tiq u e s 
J e w e lry . 
Diamonds, Sterling. Gold or Orien tai Rugs to sell, you’ll get the Best 
Price from Son Antonio's Finest 
Shop 

Mrs. Brenner, 822 544o, 342 5o7o 

OPA S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S H ackberry 
O RIENTAL tilt top table, black loc querea with M otlier of Pearl inlay 
GERMAN sideboard, long leaf yet low p in e . b e ve le d gla ss d o o rs. 
Ooughtry Antiques, 684 o344.______ 
PH IL MORAN, 734-5668 

A U C T I O N 

By O rd e r o f C o u rt & B a n k F orctosu re 

To be held on site of former BERIA Shop across from SHRIMP BASIN, BROWNSVILLE, TEX. 

Take Route 48 E about 15 min. from RTS 48 & 
77, see signs. Starting IO AM, Sat. Jan. 8th. 

INSPECTION: 9 A M u n til 5 PM Fri. 7 th 

TERMS: CASH, TRAVELERS CHECKS, CASHIERS CHECKS. 

For other arrangements, call JIM NEW M AN, 
PAN AMERICAN BANK, Brownsville, Tex 
1- 
5 122 46 1 

INCLUDES: 25 ‘ metal lath, 19” swing, with motor; 1974 GMC-Dtesel Truck tractor 95oo series, 671 Detroit Deisel 238, 1o-sp. rolled ranger, Henrickson Suspension twin screw Tan­ dem 8o,ooo mi.; 69 Ford truck tractor, 25o 
Cummins Diesel, IO sp R.R., twin screw Tandem 
RayCo Suspension, Power take-off; 1963 White 
Diesel truck tractor, 75oo series, 22o Cummins, 
RT 91o Trans., Tandem axle; Large Cleveland 
GM-Diesel with generator, unit 14’ lcng; others smaller; many electric motors, small to 45 HP; industrial drill presses; eng., diesel, etc.; pumps; small light plants; assorted light & heavy equip. 

OS: 

TESTING - ARC & ACETY. WLDG - tools, power 
& hand, cabinets, etc. - large electric power units - office, machines, .furniture, Blowers - compressors - air cond. - truck body - Tandem trailer - wire, pipe, plastic, etc. - shot gun - 2- way radio - TV - etc. about V 
2 acre equip, for scrap, parts, etc. 

4-5 HR AUCTION MOORE & MOORE AUCTIONEERS, 

TXGS-77-oo7, Corpus Christi. 

AFPRAISE-BUY-SELL 
LICENSED ESTATE 
LIQUIDATOR REFERENCES 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
78o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours 
9 5 
Show-Sell Dealer Space A vailable 
F irs t Southwest H e rita g e Show 
Convention Center January 14 16th 
Also snows in Dallas, Brow nsville. 
Victoria and Wonderland M all All booths 41oo. Contact M r 
Chavez, 
737-8377 
SOFA, f'h o ir. coffee table French 
Provincial. 475o Cherry Mahogany d in in g ro o m set w ith b u ffe t! 
222 5J36. After 5PM 661 8136 
SUNSHINE 
Resilvering & Beveling 
947 Ashby 
735 3196 

 t h e ------------------------------------------------- 
Dilferent Drummer 
Antiqu94-Acces4ories-CoMectabfe4 
1o2o TOWNSEND. 82* 3764 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
To Sell your Antiques 
ONE ANO ALL 
Here's the number tor you to call 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM LISTER 

 fMUSICAL instruments} ( 72o) 
(musical instruments) ( n o } 

DACBERT’S YEAR 
END CLEARANCE 

N e w a n d U sed O rg a n s 

Used organs famous brands: lo w re y , Ham m ond, Kim ball, 
W urlitzer as low o s .......................................................... 
$ 1 4 9 .5 o 
N ew Thomas Kombo O rg a n Reg LPWB—- Closeout a t $ 5 9 8 
N ew Kimball 8 o , Reg $ 
— Sal e $ 8 6 3 
New Spinet Pianos from $ 6 9 8 . 

A few used U pright at $ 2 9 8 as is. Plus m any other piano cmd argan values. 
DACBERT’S M usic P la z a 
NORTH—3235 Waller** RA 
654-6661 
SOUTH—14oo Mb 
233- 6151 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Y o u r 
P e t A d T oda y! 
Cad 
M iss M o o re 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Moles, Females, Shots. 342-7o3o. 
Adorable AKC Poodle Puppies 
534-1655 
Adorable Maltese female puppies 6 wks old 575 349 7697._____________ 
AFGHAN 3 weeks, shots, wormed 
742 3o6o 
AKC ADORABLE SAMOYED 
Puppies, reduced. 923-2438 
AKC AFGHANS, Champ Lines 
653-9684 
AKC 
AFGHAN S 
TTT 
LINES. 
698 27o8 

BLOOD 

AKC Black Lab R etriever Puppies, 
Reg. 648-o835. 
AKC Ch sired, W iem aranar Pup oles 653-74o9. 
AKC DOBERMANS, Black and Ton 
51oo. 224-863o, 
AKC DOBERMANS 
Male pimples. Ch bloodlines with complete health records. BAC and 
MC accepted 649 2o1 A. 
AKC Doberman Pups, 6 wks 
_______ 679 7687 
AKCi O FFM AN SH EPHEb b PU P'i, male 
696 8242 
AKC G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u ps 
545 46o. Al Pawelek, 1-583-2113 
RETRIEVERS 
AKC GOLDEN 
684 3778 
AKC Irish Setter, male, 
337 71o7 

 l- i - q - u - i - d - a - t - i - n - g 
A T 
Public Auction 
DISTRESSED A N D CLOSE-OUT MERCHANDISE 

FUSTICS COMPANY 
MIW OFFICE FURNITURE 
AUTO PARTS 
AUTO AM CONDITIONING PARTS 
GI and THUSTON! APPLIANCES 
1o:oo A.M., Mtomtay, January 3 
Judging Arana, J ca Freeman Coliseum, San Antonio, Tok- 

AM CONDITIONING PARTS: Econovat vacuum pumps, seal kits, receiver-dryers, fan clutches, pressure guoges, freon dispensers, momfofd guage sets, flush & Clean, tools, 'lumpy leak testeis, vacuum pump Oil 

AUTO PARTS: Exxon ignition parts, parts cabinets, tire patches, patch kits, hand tools, wheel weights, spark plugs, battery coble kits, brake parts, shocks, gas cops, mufflers, wiper blades, air kiters, ignition coble, starters, water pumps, headlamps 

FUSTICS, PiEXIGUS, SUPPLIES A EQUIPMENT: lorge kits-4 ig plexiglas sheets and panels, plastic hose and tubing, tape, garbage bags, polyethelene tarps, pool covers, lorge gas oven, oxygen bottle and guoges, two fire extinguishers, counters, supplies and displays, plexiglas tables, boxes 

APPLIANCES: GE boh dryers, stylers, speed setters, percolators, electric irons, elec­ tronic calculators, sentry timers, hot lather machines, digital clocks, radios and tape recorders, two TRilETONE televisions, stereos, vacuum cleaners, carpet shampooers 
Off ICE HJtNH Ut I AND EQUIPMENT-. 7 metal executive desks, steno chairs, genuine leather dub chairs, chrome and white ook atm choirs, stack chairs, coffee tobies, table lamps, counters, PAYMASTER check protector, two key machines with blanks, pedestal electric tans, three electric copiers, Conqueror paper folder 

MISCELLANEOUS: Gasoline lawn mower, 2-wheel dolly, nylon rope, toys, sleeping bag, S and 8 ladders, romper cover for VST pickup, portable electric mortor mixer. 

IS’ Notional fiberglass In-bod boat w/65hp Evrnrudo motor 
1974 Plymouth Satellite, v-S automatic, 4-door 
197o Dodge VS-ton pickup 

 m s m m w iiin iii l i m TTH m o m u tt b i k u c h iih i 
O M N POM IM A M O T IO N ! 
9 : o o A L M ., M o n d a y , Jon*. 3 m dl Hue* et solo 
J O H N J O N E S 
A u c « io n e e r-T x G C -7 6 -o o 2 9 
J. KAHN I ASSOC., Inc. SI2-342-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd., 
San Antonio, foxes 78216 

P la n n in g a n A u c tio n ? ? C o n s fd a r o u r R e p u ta tio n !! 

AKC Irish Sutter Pubbie*.. Ch Eu ropean Line '75 661 814o__________ 
AKC Lob Retriever Puppies 
655-o627 
AKC* Lhasa A m o Puppy, fem ale, shots, $175. FIRM 494 7324. 

 a k T Min. Schnauzer* 
681-3693 ofter 6 weekdays 
Aide Reg Afghan Pups, show quail tv 435 3o88, 433 4831 
Reg G olde n 
R e trie v e rs . 
AK C 
698 2214 atter 6 p m. 
AKC Reg. Irish Setter Pups, i95 ca 
828 8484 ext 265 Bev D a lly, Wee kends 698 7476. 
AKC Reg. Min. Schnauzer Puppies 
656-5384 
AKC SCOTTY pup, male, 4 l? l Coli 
699 o353. 
AKC SUEL TIE (min Collie) mole, shots 684 5o57 
AKC ST BERNARD P ups 41?5and up 494 2783 
AKC St. B e rn a rd P uppies Good markings. 6 wks. 4125. 512 392 74oo otter 5 3o p m 
AKC Tov Poodle Block Female I yr old spaded, $1oo 342 185o 
AKC WELSH CORGIS 
Own the m ig h ty h e rd e r, the en ­ chanted Corgi. Famous heritage 
C andy of D is n e y s “ L ittle Dog 
L o s t". P a ren ts both show dogs. 
Guaranteed I 451 34o2____________ 
AKC WI EMA RAN E R Puppies. 
________ Reduced 492 15o2 
AKC YORKIE PUPS, Stud 
735-6851, 734-273o 
Service 

Alamo Dog Obedience Classes 
The Alamo Dog Obedience Club w ill hold re g is tra tio n to r it s W in te r 
Training Classes Sunday, Januorv 
2, 1977 from 2 to 5 P M at 755 NE 
L ood E x p ry 
(41o), The l l week course w ill be offered tor Basic, 
Novice, A d vanced N ovice, Open and U tility Dogs must be at least 9 months of age and have proof of robles vaccination Classes will be held Tuesday evenings, s to rtin g 
January 4, 1977 at 7 OO P M Phone 
341 8611 (ro m 8 3o A M to 5 OO 
P M ., otter 
5:oo 
P M . phone 
224 o993 

Beautiful Black Great Dane Pups. 
AKC Reg. 494-2525, 653-3775 
Beautiful Him alayan Kittens 
_________ 494-6165________ 
BLACK LAB pups, AKC 7 females, 
2 males. Field trio! champs In pedi­ gree. $1oo-4175. 822 9929 
BLA C K Lob 5 wk old fem ale, no 
Dopers $25 344 8123. 
BOR ZOI-Rusiion I olfhounds 
226-8*17 
Champion Sired lA/elmoraner Pup pies. Elm endorf 1-393-6754. 
CHOW PUPPIES, males, females 
Red. 674-oo41 att I, weekends. 
C ocker-S paniels, £ wk old. A k £, 
Shots, Wormed. Variety of Colors 
653-3746. 

•DOG SHOW JAN 9® 
B-Mateh Charity Event 
Entries 8-1o:45am 
Judging l l 3oom 
Joshe s North Star Parking Lot call 494-5821 or *9o-84o2 tor details 

DAY H U N T IN G : D eer, co rn tea blinds, oat fields, New B raunfels, 
425 per gun. 1-625-7969. 
DEER carrots for hunting leases. 
Von De Waite. 43.H47L___________ 
Dove Hunting, 4 or m ore to a hunt ing o a rtv Call fo r re s e rv a tio n s , 
I 988-2347 Mon. thru Sat. SAM to 
6PM. 
DOVE LEASE 43.6o ber person, pi r 
,5oV Col' 623 2715 

E x c e lle n t H u n tin g -3 o A c 
$9oo down payment. $139.16 per mo. 
Owner financing 
734-9363 available. - Coll 

TO PLACE YOUR AD CALI M s. MOORE 225-1666 

74 LANDCRUI SER. 4-wheel drive. 
27,ooo mf., excellent cond. S3Soo. 
734-5711.________ _________________ 
W AN* ED hun ting leas. G roup at 
San A tanto business and Profes­ sional t 'en seek year round hunting lease in South Texas, Peter Plumb, 

 t it - W88HJ KOMESTW 
AOD A ROOM, Custom b u ilt any size, delivered, term s. 923-4346 ta rn is h e d . 
12 
W asher 
65. 56ooo. 

FR E E . 3 Black Kittens, J Unusual. 
735 7279, 733 o65o_________________ 
G olden R e trie v e r puppies, Thor 
Oughbred. 
826-7443 
41oo 
Call atter 6PM, 

GREAT DANES 
Champion sired. I 755 4696 
G R E Y H O U N D S , 'rfull b lo o d , no papers, Males and females. Welded 
TO-!4-76 and 4 12 76 from 425 to $125. 
Coll Rudy 435-357o. 
OHIMAl AYAN KITTENS Sealpolnt, 
I fem. 2 mos. I mole 2 mos. 475 ea 
684 8884 9 p m. to 3 p m. 
H im a la y a n M ale k itte n s , c a ts , reducing cattery sole 924-3392 
Irish Setters, 6 wks. M other reg., weaned, reasonable. 674 7245 
KITTENS Free to good home 
733-8946_____________ 
LABS. R E 6, Fem ales $85, Males 
51oo. 342 o83o 
Male Dachschund Long haired, 3 yrs old AKC 43^ 674 21o9 
M A S T IF F P U P P IE S , AKC re g ., 
Fawn 
8, apricot. 
Houston 
I 713 464 8576 
M i n i a t u r e P oodle, 3 mo old, 
S ilver w ith Papers $75. Cathv or 
Buddy Atter 5 pm 828-4195. 

O BE D IE N C E CLASSES by C ity's only AKC licensed G erm an She­ p h e rd Dog C lub 
R e g is tra tio n 
Thurs. Jan 6th, 1977, 7 • IO p m 
T h u rs . Jan 
13, 6 - 7 p m 
Joe fre e m a n C o lis e u m 
F o r In fo 
922 2197. 9259354. 

P a r"t Peak a l>oo Puppies, 45 each, 
653 958o 
Poodle puppies, AKC w hite toys. 
Also Border Collies. 655-6628 

Toys 
Poodles and 
Mins. 822 9291 

POODLES 
Toys ond miniatures. 656-1o86 
Reg. Herm on Shepherd pups, high quality Chomp bloodline 922 9483. 
ROB CARY KENNELS 
B arding ond T rain ing o il Breeds. 
Obed Class Storting Jan. 3, 5, and 
8th. K indergarten Puppy Class (7 wks to 4 m os), Basic (6 mos and o ld e r), Novice and Open. CARYL 
FE N N E LL, 494-5945. 
S ILKE Y TERRIERS 
497-3652_______ _____ 
THE IRISH SETTER CLUB w ill be stortin g Obedience end C ontinua lion Classes on Tues, Jon. I. at 7 p m. in Brackenridge Pork 635-8346, 
494 6o1o. 
Thoroughbred Chow P uds 6 wks 
S75. No papers Atter 3 3o 661 5254 
Tiny UKC Toy Fox T erriers 
Champion 
661-38o7 bred 
Fox 
Terriers. 

AKC. 
True M in Dachshund Pups 
Stud Service 696-158o____________ 
WANT AN AKC DO G ' 
S A Dog Breeders R eferral Service w ill put you in touch with a nearby reoutobie breeder 494-5945. 
W IEM ARANER Male 18 mos , 46o 
Call 652 5725 days, nile 1-42o-2442 

MACHINERY-T (HHSD O 

C A T E R P IL L A R DOZER D I F or 
Sale Like new, only 13oo hours. 
Call 
)-713-488-4484 
C oiemon f ug, 4 wheel drive, 4 wheel 

 jam 

 steering, Air Brokes, 927 4561 

BUILDING MATERIALS 

LUMBER BARGAINS latex Roll Point 
$3 SO 
7*4 8 precut No 3 select 
79< 
74o lb Seoktown thmgei $13.95 
4x8 Vt" (o* Plywood 
$o.99 
4x8 4 plywood 
$1o.2$ 
24x74 Aluminum Window $1o 3o 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
6 fool 
SM 
CASH ANO CARRY 
BARNES IU M B W CO. 

12o7 i. Dutongo 
$33-5115 

ACME LUMBER A SUPPLY 
1oo1 Austin St., 22* 1437 
Universal City. 658 6331 

ALAMO ENTERPRISES 
HAS EVER YTH IN G 
TO BU ILD ANYTHING 
FREIGHT (homaged IO* IO poriabii bldg , term s tree dei 924 5oo3 

•LEPPARD LUMBER* 
We re w ire screen w in d o w * ani doors New screen doors SI2 5o new solid to re doors $21 5o sand pane! doors 
435 OO 
31o3 
*6 
Commerce 
M O F tE fT LU M BER ^O 
Wholesale 
Retail 
4o7 N Zarzam oro 432-7881 
R EDW O O D '■.* b / f t O N d 
BU ILD OR WL BU ILD 1 42o 2786, 

Ruugti Yellow Pine 
LUMBER 
•GOOD LUMBER 
•GOOD LENGTHS 
2x8 ..................... 
2X8 ..................... 
19' ?C L F 
.. 26c LF 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
$oo S e g u in R d 
226-3141 w recking old nom , pine paneling 2x4* 
Call 
623 1*1o. 
8 4, f ridgy 
_______ 

 md tin tor 
Monday 

TTT? 

7o7 • FRIOU mum d isc o B f uTJJW M r n 

TTT* terms tree delivery 924 5oo1 
Factory Jr.d I dx TS. J deievtery, term s 341______________ 
F oo lery 2nd lix t f i wli'h insulated ceiling, tow cost to complete, terms delivery 653 8111 
Porta b le Fundings mg yod bv M ot goo Bonded 653 8) 11. 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8 
5295 
8x1o 
$396 
O th e r s u e * a v a ila b le 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavy Daly Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
$oo 8*9 o 1 o RO. 
226 3141 m m 
Repo 8, 
TTT* 
, tre e del ter 
S lig h t! 

12*TD yr end is 684 1234 d a m a g e d 1 ft*7(J heavy duty floor, tree dei, term s 

Store rooms, ail "w o o f IO* i t M il 
I2x)6 4SOU Pelevtie d *55 23oJ 
Used -Ii4(5 TYxJ'i storage b Ida's' 
Must sell free dei term s 923 4346 

PAWN BROKERSD O 

AM ERICAN LOAN CO. buy-sell-trade any ching of value 
1624 E Commerce 
SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

ESTABLISHED 19o4 
WE BOY A SELL 
DIAMONDS 
P L A T IN U M 
DOLO 
SILVER 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
JE W E L R Y -F O R 
IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES AND ESTATES 
325 ALAMO PLAZA 
226 1424 

713 FLEA MARKUS_________ 

L a rg e s t In d o o r 
FLEAMARKET 
Every Saturday Sunday 
North West Shopping Center 
36oo Block Fredericksburg Rd 
Back Side of Center 
FOR INFO or RESERVATIONS 
341 7337 

COMB > JIW EIKY 
) ( y i i ) 
'bar. 

HI-mm* t i l ■TTTdJ^JuxTntowrHFEri?^"" 
Basement. New and used fu rntture 
231 E Commerce, 227 4341 
L A S T S & IS (r 6 u W w A B E HOUST 
Used F urniture ond Appliant et 
943 COLISEUM D R 
, 
225 7444 
Specials on com plete beds, I i i . J I com plete bedroom suite, S IM 95, gas ranges $69 94 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
414 Polar usa 
227-4*12 

S A.’$ URGES! 
VOLUME DIALER 
IS BUYING A SLUING 
9 9 o 9 1 1 1 1 8 9 8 8 8 8 8 1 9 9 
U.S. SILVER COINS 
(CAU KW DM Y m a s ) 
4o% SII YIK 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965 7o 
(CAU KM OMV FUKUI 
Confidential Cask Fey men! 
U S 8 I (deign Got* (oms tor rn 
Motion hoking (Export tovnt ) 
P A Y IN G TO P DO LLA R 
FOR CLASS R IN G S 
A DEN TA L G O LD 
Sailing Quality 
* Jo «v a try * 
A t Wholaoato P rie s t 
(Peeler* ie vireo J t ex re IOO et H O 
K i l l MI V II M IS 
Buying A selling KAU COMS end com coMocftom - U S 8 
I oi rig n - U S, Sdvor Dolton 
Paying S3 SO on* ug 
W ortnni SMtNNT N k k ilt yftffcgin 6ft y tiling 
JpWBRJ^JHg- 

He 
(HigherI Prkao Ped) 
I M I PANI MOMY 8 Moi 
’UM, CeooOlhe A Silver coms tram aay country — Geld tams tram aay 
(eve try 
CUSIoM Designed Gold (ain fewraky 
AU1MoNTIC I NO! AN Cf WU Or 
M V I UMI 
(A U UMI 
Per PrefetSMwKtl Se, >•>« 

R ive rsid e Coin Co. 
4 3 1 I . t o m m o K * 
Ay rh* Aiver 
228-4*6) 
2 28-dOBl, 229-idea 
Mewed CaM Or Write Fee 

 fey mg IM 

2 B E A U T IF U L M atching co ra l round b rtila n t cut diamond 11 SOO over S25oo value or consider selling separately 653*o42* 

EQUIPMENT AUCTION - SBA 
W e d n e s d a y , J a n u a ry 5 , 1 o :o o A M 
FOUR ACES GUN MANUFACTURING CO. 

(4) VtrtHei WIN*. (7) Heft**! 
Mew .4 *, rn* Shim*I. (41 ieee* e»**«4 (Bl IMM IryeMb WW I 
■ H S flew ‘ 

Brownsville, texas id*, (4) HemeeM eiiM* eeO I em, ll) tweet**, (4) (cete et. (lf) ii.il. I v a . ink 
AM yreteet, (I) Pere Oil* 
•eediiae. ill Se He, Si tee en, ewtei 

3 m «n a artlet (ikeei lyeel, Mice I en lee in I I 
__ 
AUCTION loanoii {llll5yi*.et*»K«4.**t I Ti, fart (tee* waperty Crewe**** Cee y itt aa* WeiekeeM (A) Ce ie Motte Bn4fe lure Ml el Teiet HelSawtl (.Mete ye (ell 
*w » 4 ten Blee. maul. Mew tm lek one lo. mwenem lower lee en. w oo s n o u i« OO r n cee mw lea ms woo am 

NIU Sui non hearsay lee Ilk 1o-oo AM. Cly el (eryvt Ckmti belee eeO eedeleieO 
Xewenei Celt MMe. Ceryv* C$™*». Too 
A u c tio n C o n d u c te d b y t 
ADAMS & ADAMS AUCTION SERVICE 
• 5 5 - 6 3 o 4 C O R P U S C H R IS TI, T IX A S 
__________ Ta O C -o o 6 2 a n d T x G C -o o 6 3 

 c 
COPUS A MW!UTT 

 fNBtoa 
►to—rMxaotoi 

( A 
® f 

( 

# 
/ ) 
J 

RIVERSIDE 
COIN CO. 
W ILL B i CLO SED 
It E i.. 2 5 th ru 
J I V 2nd i SEE \oi J I N. 3rd 

H toWBto— KW 
R 
6 W I 

Doctor * invostm snl Group is in fo” oslod in buying coms, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold. F ra n k lin M inis, of* 
Compt! Dr yogi, 73s 2o/9 
R o i* r~ iT o ^ 7 D 7 l7 !7 M ans D a fe iu s t 6 o td ond 
9o82o9. $45o 

719 CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 
TTI---------- r n r r -VICTOR 16 mm sound movie protectors, new cond, hardly used Perfect for school or church. 
Cost SHOO new w ill lake best otter 
David Simpson 826 o647 kUftyg Bl ii w'llK'm, M. !?? 5(6 mm tenses. 12o and 22o bock, 2outo ext en tubes, COS fin d e r, a lu m 
Case Perfect condition 1159$ le i, 
494 3o54 
MISC O: 
I Boom' and photography equipment 71$-1787 

7?8 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
6Ai. d&i'nTB" 7"’,'!.'!!!!', f, exc cond For lear her or advanced siuoent 724 552* 
"R tT C H g T t l$.ANO CO--------- 
Ne Time L im it on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
1987 w Woodlawn 
714 4217 flfK sO P T l es Paul recording box* g u ita r g ra a l cond . $45o P ric e negotiable 344 2 254 
B A Y N E S # lu te , lik e new cond 
• VEST 
O FFER 
OVER 
!»*$*?. 
»(e'eeSy1. 1 eeSe'-e-1 7 
Large Selection of Anilau* 
PLAYER PIANOS 
ED GAIDA 5 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
28o6 N Fiores 
733 1546 

Telecaster g u ita r, P ender case, 
$3oo 
Vintage 
Gretsch amp 
344 1856 
Unredeemed M usiT ui' m sti uinents 
Am erican Loan Ca , 227 9572 

•RUSICAL instruments) ^72o) 

ORGANS 

Hammond 
PIANOS 

Eveiitf 

Cubit Nelson 
►own 

E 
New From $495 s 

~ 
Used From $195 
= 

 s 
42$ N. Mom .. 224 5526 
£ 

J * 5 Wowderiowd . . 732-8254 
— 

3 
North Star . . . 3444249 
S 

I i i i i i i ii i i i ii ill ii i 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
Nbw Spinet Pianos $795 
Chkktring Baby Grand like new 
Baldwin Baby Grand, like 

Bl COUNT 
Electronic Organs. Shop with os and soot. low 

N A V A M O n A N O CO. 

CRAINS FOR SALE 
O w ner m ust sell 16 ru b b e r tire d 
Crams, excellent condition, 15 ton to 
9o ton 45 tt boom, 2o ft lib lo 2oo ti boom, 5o ti. jib $28,5oo fo $199,ooo 
Special discount to buyer p rio r lo 
Jon I, 1977 CaM M iam i Collect, Mr 
Jones. 3o5 635 73o3 
*4 bodge Tradesm en Van. 6uns. needs motor work $75o 649 2298aff 
7 p m. 
D ra g lin e fo r sale. H e a vy D u ty 
Bucyrus 3o-B. Like new. only I OOO hours SO Ft Boom, I* > yard bucket. 
Coll 1-713-488-4494 
555o FORD LOAOER A N b BACK 
HOE 
F o rd D ie s e l L o a d e r and 
Backhoe Excellent Cond $11,995. 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 

FRONT END LOADER 
HD 6o with ripper, exc cond 
512 43874oo 
75oo“ T al 
Fuel 
573" 
! com portments, complete with pump ond hoses ready to mount on truck 
$8oo or pest otter 484 3732.________ 
J Gang Jacobson Blitter M ow er 
$4oo 
824-1531 r t i ’ k , m b "b o w le r dragline Good condition. Trode on 
95o or 966 cot loader (5o5 ) 885-4178. 
Carlsbad N M 
IO" RADI A i ARM SAW" 
AND BENCH 432 8538 
(I) IO 
South Bend, (I) I T T a J Z 
Bend lothes 655 4397, 653 7216 

SURPLUS 
Hough H4o I * , yd Loader Backhoe 
Ch,< ogo 165 Rotary a ir compressor 
Cot D-7 Crawler Cherry Picker 
Forkiitts-Trucks-Jeeps 
ORAUBACH Equipment, 736 14St 
USED 
John Deere 31o Loader Barknoe. 
John Deere 35oB Crawler Loader. 
Parsons 75 Trencher 8 x5 , M iller 
Asphalt D rag Box, Q uincev IOO D conable Compressor. Quincev Hv drouiic power unit with tools. Ford 
292 diesel engine, 
Cooper Equipment Co 
826-63)4, 
I 8oo-241 5441 

 c 
AUCTION SAU 
D < £ E ) 

17o2 M 
734-6463 

ORGANS MU PIANOS 
On So!« Thru Chrifttmn» 
A la m o M u s tc C a n to r 
425 N Main 
........................ 1368916 
Wonderland ........... ............. 713-9259 
North Star ............................ 3468249 
’ A llQ s' R E N TeD O pt.qn to B u r 
NO LIM IT E D TIME 
DACBERT'f Music Plaza 
'4oo NOGALITOS 
223 6151 
5235 W AI./E M Bf) 
6S4 6«6I 
SAVE TO Ti OFF 
ALL BRANDS 
OLMOS MOSIO CO. 
416 N MAIN 
224 1741 

I CAMEN m 
NURSERIES 
SUPPLIES 

 m t u f l w r c r a e r u r r r 
8*12 Terms tree delivery 924 5oo) 

73o 

7 7 T T M 
MRoMBY AIB HILS mo ^TSTionery 
Arc Welder With Lead 826 72SO 

A U C T IO N 
W«d. Jan. 5-1o AM 

MITER’S AMAT MARKET 
12948 BANDHU ID. 
SAN ANTONIO 

COMMUTE LIQUIDATION 

••SUCHON: 8 AM Day af Sale 

(hark* adapted with proper 
LD. 

J. C H ARPER 

AUCnONEER-AUSTIN 

Tx-GC-76-o138 

512 926-218o 

AUCTION SAU D O 

SHORT NOTICE 
AUCTION 

 aI ka rt Valuable Stock 
PERSIAN RUGS otto Other Oriental Rugs 

►•niarume ekw'oneeiel Kgieei a (yrOnntmm safe 
«o» arm# on t*m« and thmt ftiHRwuBiiv* mpMHi U far fk# anpmd 
Hov# fnslrutttd thus U S. aq# uh lo dnpov# al LH* *nf»# a! Im 

SHERATON MOTOR INN 
14oo Austin Hwy. 
Son Antonio, Texas 
Sal., Jan. 8,2 PJR. 
Viewing at I PJA. tedWed e* limey Hi* knee grata o* 
KIMM MX WUU, (MIU. KLoKMSTML 
MI UUI VU BUM. UMM HUKTIIM. SUM 
(4tKI. HIMX. TMM IHC UMM MOO 
>A»oe»f tit. ae* meey gNwn ie ak urn 
Auctioneer 
Joseph Setordy NTG-76o521 
Terms: Cask et Oteck. 

Hear* Cores Creosote 
Pressure Treated Posts 
654x454".............. $2.3o each 
7’* 4 H " .................$3.45 eoth 
8’«454".................*2.8o each 
I XA rough fencing. . . . . . . . 135*4 Ll. 
Barb wire, 
8o yd. spool. . . $16.95 ea. 
Corr. Iron. . . . . . . $19.93 sg. 
12' gulv steel g a te s............ .. 
$27.95 aa. 
14' gaiv. steel gates................... $32.95 aa. 
Bom Poles 8 Comer Posts 
A K TOP Q tM lirr STOCK 
ONI STOP CINTFP 
CMS LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4 6 4 7 ROO SEVELT 
( 5 1 2 ) 9 2 4 - 8 5 5 6 

2 Bedroom s dryer, dishwasher 
696-954$ 
Beryl's Mobile Home Center 

HAY Delivered 
1-685 3361, 1-997 3767 
HAY FOR SALE SI 25 
655-6287 
I F ertilized 
HAY FOR SALE No 
Coastal in born, aft 
1-947 3665. 

A-HALE TRAILERS 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; to r Sole or Rent 
Also feed Sorrels w ith Lids 
SLIMP OIL CO. Off IN J7 
533-5151 6o4 Carolina nltes 344 7215 
A P P A L O O S A G E L D IN G 5 T r i. 
Beautiful and gentle but requires 
Experienced rid e r $375 firm Con deliver 1-379 7888 
BABY_Calves 53o-S5o Grass Calves 
$6o-511o. Cow, coif 525o. 922-8449 
B A R G A IN : Sudan H ay in B a rn 
51.4o bale 624-2854 
B E A U T IF U L Bay y e a rlin g stud colt. Exc quarter horse blood line. 
Halter broken 525o 698 1444, atter 
6PM 
Blackish brow n Mare. 9 yrs Gentle but Spirited, 14 hands. 342-4653 
BRUSH CLEAR IN G oiling, burning and eedor pushing. Fence right of ways, ranch roods, gully washes, w ater ways, stock tanks and ter- roclng Coil J R. bonders 922 oo18. 
CANE HA Y in B a rn . 55o a Ton. 
John son 
G ra s s 
H ay 
(a tta lta flavored) 55o a Ton Jock Minnev, 
Quemado. (ISO m iles s w o t San 
Antonio) 1-757-1329. 
Chorolois Cattle Pure Bred, Bulls. 
Cows, Heifers, Calves. 1-379 2 4 5 7 H 
I I I IHI I 
I J 
I hay of 
393 6o22 ired Coosta 
$1 SO aor bale in barn 
Floresville 
DUNN G FLDING robing and gen tie, HOO lbs. $7oo. 649 1217. 

FELPS HORSE, STOCK 
AND GOOSENECK TR AILER S oles, Service, Repairs, ond Trailer 
Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East (S. W W 
White Rd ) 333 1611, 

FE R T ILIZ E D COASTAL HAY 
4ooo Bales I 569-4o73, 1-742-3742 
F E R T IL IZ E D SUDAN H A Y . deliver. 684-1873 
Con 

F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S T A L H A Y , 
S to re d in shed . $1.75 a b a le . 
533-5145 Atter e and weekends call 
*77-817o 
Four Horse G ooseneck 
^ a c lo rv b u ilt tra ile r, exce lle n t cond., all lights, mats, elec. brakes. 2 Tone paint. Tack com portm ent Con be seen of 18o9 S. W. M ilita ry Dr. 
927-6231._______ __ _______________ 

GENTLE is mo old colt, reodv to tram , 
51oo. 
Days 
652-S725, nile 
1-42o-2442. 
Good Johnson G rass H ay. $1.25 bale. $24-2565; 624-2248. 

H. & K. AUCTION 
LIQUIDATORS 
Auction anything, anyw here, any­ tim e In the U.S. OR CANADA 
We btry or liquidate estates or bu­ sinesses. CALL US: 
333-9242 
222-o4o3 
333-6598 
F l o y d h a l l 
Auctioneer, TxGC-76 o268 
Horse stable NIN sidle, Huenner Rd between Babcock and F redericks burg. Clean stalls with riding area, 
$75. mo., with mule feed and coastal hay $3o. Mo. lf you provide feed. 
696-8oo6 
JOHNSON G rass ond H egori to r 
Sole. $1.25 per bale. Coll mornings and weekends, 623-2745. 
JOHNSON Grass Hay in barn, S' od 
Call days 652-6725, nile I 42o 2442. 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E very Sat 12 Noon, oil kinds cattle, sheep, goats, horses. 12 mi, S W 
S A. Form Rd 21/3, Macdona, Tx. 
M ILE Y 4 Horse Goo” * neck Trailer, 
S1ooo. 684-1473. 
MUST SELL 
STOCKER CATTLE e77o Black boldface steers e525 Hereford Steers 
•544 Black boldface heifers e495 Hereford heifers 
*325 Charolais-Cross heifers 
All are one brand, good to choice quality, short yearling cattie in thin flesh. WH sell in lood lots. Joe Cox, 
Box 4o8, A m a rillo , Texa s 791o5. 
>o6 374 569o, atter 7PM __________ 
N 11 RIAN Billy. lA months old, Us. 
342-o22o. 
Q U A L IT Y H A V 
Sudan. No ra in damage 51.4o bale, over IOO bales 
$1.3o in barn 1-S89-2493 
REG. H A LF A R A B IA N M a re ,"* yrs. Western and some Eng, $5oo 
735-5752 
REG. Polled H ereford, B ulls and 
H e ife rs. Y e a rlin g s . R easonable 
K R A F T P O L L E D H E R E O R D S , 
I-625-1918; 1-379-4478 
Reg youn g P o lle d H e re fo rd s . 
Heifers and 
Bulls. 
341-76o8; 
341 2o21, 

SALE ON HORSES 
16 to select (rom , Roping, Ranch 
Pleasure, Show. 
A & A STABLES 
236 Holbrook Rd., 223-7994 
SPECIAL 
14 It Ooeri Too Livestock Trailer 
$93 S 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
IH 35 So of Son Antonio 
Lytle, I 772 3634 
S A 622 93oo 
8o S p rin g e r H e re fo rd Cows 
4o 
Block and Black Bold face cows, 37 calves 23 Crossbred cows. 8 caves 
13 Springer Crossbred cows IS. 2 yr old C rossbred h e ife rs. 13 H e ifer cows and 2 ca lve s. 28 Y e a rlin g crossbred heifers. Coll atter 7 p m 
512 293-3792 
SUDAN HAY at' W h its ;*. A T T UT tor Charles Meeks. 
I W hite Saddle, B rid le and lineate between 8-4. 653-o122 
F illy 
Y e a rlin g F illy , h a lte r b ro k e 
Y e a rlin g G eld in g b ra k e to rid e . 
Trade for Boot, Motor, Cattle etc sell tor 18oo ea 649-229o att 7 p it 

MOTOR HOMES 
MOTOR HOMES 

NEW and USED-651-6961 
16513 IH-35 NORTH (Selma E xit) 

'73 COUGAR XR7. 
Clean S239S. 661 5898 
CREAM PUFF 1974 model, 12x44. I bedroom furnished, excellent N.E. location. 587 mo. 656 1818 
1959 DE T ROI T E R~ 8k4Sl 2 b e -' droom s, fu lly carpeted, a ir. F ur- pished, extra clean. Ready to move into. Will sell cheap! 6537 Randolph 
Blvd., Whispering Winds T railer CL 
HICKS, 1ox54 2 bedroom , central heat, air, furnished. Good condition. 
*36oo. 
Located in 
San 
Marcos. 
695-328o 
___________________ _ 
MOBILE HOME TOWING 
REASONABLE! 922-7221 
M otile Home 13x8 Like New Con­ dition S2Soo. 922 4497________ 
Take over payments No equity !^3V 
LANIER luxury 14' x 66' 2 bedroom. 
2 both, carpeted, po rtly furnished 
All kitchen appliances. 333 3o9o 
TOP DOLLAR PAID 
FOR USED M O B ILE HOMES 
824-324o__________________ 924-4424 
WANTED Used Mobile Homes"' 
CASH and FAST SERVICE! 
MR. M ILES, 924-4231 
WF TAKE TRADE INS, WE 
BUY USED M O B ILE HOMES 
CALL: MAX 
924-4225* 
W HY S E T T LE FOR LESS? Our 
M obile Homes hove F ire p la c e s ! 
Buckingham Homes, 658-2811. 
12x6o, i i Assume $1^7.79 per mo' 
53oo equity 691 1428 
73, 14x Jo Mobile home new carne?, assume payments and low equity. 
Atter 6PM ond oil day weekends. 
681-oo75 

812 MMe Hr n Parts-SpacK 

CANYON LAKE 
E xtra lorge mobile home lot $1475, 
$75 down, 84 months a1 $21.83 APR 
B ’s 
Coll A. Jones, 226-23o3. 
N E , S hady A c re s T r a ile r t^lT.' fenced, store room , trees, $37.5o. 
Neor Windsor Pfc M all 826-8766. 
N orthw est 5o x IOO m obile home space. $39.5o per month Free move to qualified renter. 684-2851 

TEACHERS 
YhebesH im ?tabuvlancR?bnTween 
C h ristm as ond New Y ears. This close in troct is only IS minutes out 
San Pedro. You can live in your mobile home or build conventional 
This is a large wooded site on easy terms. 
J.C. 
HORTON 
Broker, 
494 3419 

9o1 • WANTED VEHICLES 

Buy Junk Cars, fro ks, pickups 
GOOD, BAO, WORSE 923-S41S 

Buy Junk Cars-lron, Etc. 
Aorco Autos 927-3211 or 633-2o3o 
Co-.n fo r cleon c o r* ond tru ce s 
L a rry Cannon Auto Soles 
563o Son Pedro 
828 6555 
COMET 24 HR. TOW SERVICE 
We buy lunk cars, pay top cass* 
433-56o1; 6o7 S Gen M cMullen 
MORE CASH f o r j u n k c A fe i 
TRUCKS ETC. 
923-4*<2 
BAXTER SALVAGE, 1223 Quintpno 

J I 
Ari 

 c 

FARM EQUIPMENT 
AND SUPPLIES 

GOOD SELECTION 9N and SN Ford 
Tractors with new implements. 37o8 
A. Boras. 
M H P Pump complete wvh 82 oo11o" tank 651-6228. 
4o1o 4o2o JOHN DEERE 
Diesel. 534-4711 
P53 t HOLC"ETgS e f f ."rf66 Year's 
Custom riding lawnmower S2oo as is 62AI565 
PR E SEASON S P E C IA L on New 
Bole Leaders $75o EW ALD FORD 
TRACTOR, IM 18 Hwy 46. Beguin, tx . 379-4591 
ROCK PICKER , hydraulic control lift 23o1 Noggings. 534-67)1 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steves 
533 5145 
USED JOHN DEERE PLANTERS 
ANO EQ U IP M E N T ALSO GOOO 
LATE MODEL USED TRACTORS 

U s e d O W A ro N A Self P rope lle d 
W m drow er w ith a ir co n d itioned cab, diesel engine 5675o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145, 739 Stoves 
W ANTED Smoh frat t o r t ergurson 
3o or sim ilar with JPT hook up Must be o bor go in 688 1667 
____ 

881- CAMPLE TOILERS 

 a i r 5 t M r T X ^ n 3 e r* T n o 3 S r"v e r7 nice, hove 2 must sell I 
137 MON 
TlCELLO CT m l a B 6 N A ,U N r TuiT7 ,vel>'c ~ tamed $2ooo 696 7982 
C A 7S ptR "r M f'""p i s Po o p i. w i ; mo* old 
344 1o76, like 
149 5685 

 i t c h e y v 11 i r s c s s r s m n m 
Coachm an C om par. C oll 423-4724 otter 5 p m 
CL&S§ O JT iA L fc , W E 
CAMPING TRAVEL TR AILER S 
K C TRAILERS 
71o WEST AV 
735 3931 is f> Sell contained, excellent con­ dition. extras. 828 5o76 
28 Ft Travel Trailer! soil cowtoMto T 
Sleep* 6 mony extra * Like new No calls please. Greene «e Village Pk , 
W oi/em Rd Lot 919 G ulliver Circle 

PAY TOP PRICES tor wrecked cars, and trucks. 
Auto Ports, 222-1o11 
SELLING YOUR CAR ' 
H i-p ric e s p a id fo r c le a n C a rs. 
Trucks etc. 222-1342 
TOP bO LLAR I FOR JUNK CARS. 
T R U C K * 
S C R A P , 
125 M IL E 
RADIUS SAN ANTONIO. 342-51o1. 
N e w Y e a r ’s S p e c i a l s 
ALL 1976 M otor Homes Must Go! 
SAVE FROM *2ooo to *3ooo on these. 
2 6 .8 ft. Lark* Class A, 
L I Q A T P lo a d e d ................................. 
N O W 
I o , 7 / J 
2 6 .8 ft. Lark, Class A, 
S I O O A A lo a d e d ................................ 
N O W 
I 7 , 2 . U U 
2o ft. Trovel-M ate, 
$ 1 1 O f l A fully lo a d e d 
N O W 
I I , Y U U 
3o ft., 5th-w heel Travel 
$ / /L A A 
Trailer.................................... 
N O W 
o , O U U 
Also 4 rental units (still in factory w a r­ ranty). Priced from $ 8 ,9 o o to $ 9 ,4 o o . 
Several 1977 Models in stock. 
A full line IEV Dealership 

ROBERT SMITH RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLE CENTER 
* 
5 5 o 5 Sen P e d ro 
% 
• 
* 
* 
* 
• 
• 
• c e e 
7 3 3 3 2 S S 
• Y e 
* * 
* 

L U X U R Y M OTO R HO M ES F o r 
Rem LOW Roto$ 658-7661, 656-7119 
M otor Home R e n ia lt! F u lly celt contained Rate$ bv day or wook, 
453-61o8 
-------------2o'MOTOR HOME------------- 
$13,ooo value fo r only $98oo Like new. $laep$ 4. many extro$. Owner, 
342-1o42 anytim e____________ 
W ant To iu v M o to r Home 
Any 
Make Any Modi 45o-7661, 656-7119 
'E T W . M f b a s k ’H T S <ccp$T, 
17.ooo m ile*. $1o,ooo 342 7746 

•OATS, MOTORS D ® 

W T m o^ V s: Tm if ei ll I)., w T ir fully *eif contained, air, laroe own mg. tv antenna. *pare tire and rock, 
653 9751 or atter 6. 655 42o4. 
■ I 
J Men th old i t ti tr a v e l fra ile r 
F u lly equipped, patio door*, tw in bed* 
Fiesta Trailer Park, Austin 
•tory. 

PICKUP COVERS 
?I71 AUSTIN HWY 
. 8188 
653 oo85 

SHASTA*PROW l.ER 
STAHMANN TR AILER SALES 
IH IO, I Mi North at Boerne 
RT J BOX 127, S A Phone 224 2426 
Si F E p f l T O 
M 
I fr g g g - m 
Nice pud CtodWt 113-6631 

POULTRY S A M II! 

•U S 
_ 

R A bS W T,1'lu c k s D o lt! ISonnies, 
Hutches CH SA Ft 419-7848. 

STARCRAFT 
MYERS TR AILER SALES l i t KINGSBURY 
SEGUIN, TX 
o7* I i r f | R » / T f d H « --------- 
Harper Meter Ce Comperiand 
24o1 S W Military.924-5514 
oT7d 14 1T h W o m ’ T r aile r------- 
Harper Meter Ce Campertend 
24o1 $ W M Hiiory 924-5514 wT T 'u'V ' a 'l 'P T 
T ro lle r* COH y p e * of T ra v e l 
M SL, 426-5514 

742 FAMA I QU! KUIK, 
M i SUPPLIES 
TTT 
T u m i r n g y j r iv $725 
TNE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145, l i t Steve* 

T i 

 m MOTOS M8MES SALES-KIT 
” 
'WWEI6U,'iSlTI'fA>J...... 
RAHMBSRO RV CENTER 
635-o251 
2271 AUSTIN HWY 

 f i l i i 1 n u t r ia K a m e B a n t i I 
O M L IRO I D r n u m t Ti Ch u n 
D A ILY and W EE KLY RATES 
RHONE 
661 7212 
GMT M 6 i6 k h o J a * F 5 r I e tJ T 
3o9-4311 
499-o124 
734 4389 

OUK 
NEW YEATS 
RESOLUTIONS: 

• We ll STAT # 1 EVWttUM Aotor, 
•Root or beat Utah, PROVIN torvitf for bonn* 
• Re ton odd dozen akbtt why NOT lo buy a motorboat tut Her* * one 
GOOO REASON lo own a bod 
I tie lomiiy I bot orgy* I ploy* Noether, 
STAYS together 
• luy noel; heil telethon' pnre Ploy to toy u LAYAWAY. Mo*let(hqige depuwt untie* S (et tpnng mahen delivery Lucky Texans 9o booting all year round 
• See 17 dealt, 7* STEALS; CONIA 
Botel* on • eater tore $. time, buttle GiASSMASTERS, REGATTAS, 
RICHLINE}, town ramlki or luxuneui 
« / hue CAMPER TOP, straight bock e eeothertile, bug m room, od femeveNe rn vet ends 
• 
Inuit aa written. 
1oo% 
MANOLA 7UP tiber 
(H om o take 

BOATS, MOTORS 

A A l USED 
A 
• 
BOATS I 
# 
21 I.M P 22S H P. I O. Ion I t £ ho* everything . . . . . . E W ▼ 

O i l ll too Ray ISS H P Goto 
M 
Y I, 1 r-J li e u V 

 hbwukns boot. oat 1 bronm we DROPPED 
Died: Johmon 4o hp on Uanmugk troller SAR} Other* ie StoOO DAM role*, prepay e/o penalty 
BARBERA SPORTS 
» 3 Iraodeoy et Rh PAM FREE 
£**>mprtM YtonieSJrWin 
I hun Urie 9 pm doted V i toe. 
” 1 x i i i 

♦ l f Loedod.......................' t m 
. 
2o 5eeRoy, IM hp, tandem m 
▲ yah trlr..........................* m S T 

W I 7 El ton* Star AO Gale lilt 
, W 
A ir .................................. 
'JOOS I 

▼ IS H Etym AS HP Mote Tilt 
▼ 
A h .................................. 
M 29S .A 

T i I h lex 
” g M o ld AO Gaiv. Tt. 
W SI 

A l A It Oat* lo o t 3S H P. 
▼E 
‘ Eymruto Trailer 
S M I 

119o Sea Ray ISS HP IO Cr. 

T F T O + 6 M A h oler'-and T ro lle r, 
4oHP M ercury Good cond 492 29411 gu l f ("ftMr WTTToiTb'oo'!' WK 
Iro n e r ana Four bail*, in Beautiful 
Condition Colt, I m 72o1 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
I.ake Mc Qoeeney 512 357 4*22 
Everyday Except Monday 
Jet Cr u tte r* T ri null alum ttT4 IJ kl6 B iA k " io * * ' Bool 
M e rcu ry w ith power trim . ta p e r m otor guide tra ilin g m otor, deptn tinder, 2 aer toted live wail*, many a c c e s s o rie s 
C u sto m d r iv e on trailer I 278 7813, Uvalde t r -ffXMTTEft • a s T K o i 'TS M K 
Chrysler Custom tra ito r, tro ll m o­ tor, and finder. $4985 
T E X A L L B O A T , 272 4428 w T “ 
EXPRESS N E I 
WANT AD 223->444 

 lone Star 
$ Men. Cr lr. 

’ 17 Silver line 
12o1o Cl lr 

7' Gletpor 
S Alert Cr lr 

4 

 cI 

 t 

♦ 

♦I 

♦ 

'J99S 

I79S 

Mo>e Rig* Ie 
(booie from 
'S9S and 

I OO A M to A OO P M 

 open sai t i t rn 
DONS 
MARINE 
2931 Roo va v eft 
9 2 4 - 7 1 • $ 

A 
2 I9 S 4 

2 I 9 S ^ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

 used bout* and m o to r* lu r to le 
R o y * 
M arine, 
Canyon 
Lake, 
L jP M iie 
I 
21' t A H if l, \*7A, Jai Hoof and Tan! dem Trailer 46o Hordin Ford, fgliy equipped. Make otter I 42o 27S8^B 
IS1 -J1 Y ri-huvi ~55 HP < h r y * to V :i7 
TRX$ 
T ra n tle rro d , m u tt SOHM month* tree ttoroge 45) 1* 4J 

 m -8P88TUH SUo9S 
^SyeTTSjrirriuToTKoor^resr 
BU Y -S C LL TRADE 
Am erican Loan Co 217 8872 n r a ir ~ 
W IN fH tS 'V 
R f I 
SKEET, 6747848 otter SPM 
TTT 

RDI. KNITT IMC I tltiltMfi 
Oil® 
BUW I IPHI V 1 • Off IW® 

18 ACRES GOOD HUNTING 
$45o dow n p a y m e n t, $69 44 per month 
Owner financed 
Call 
73479o4 

USED CARS-CLEAN. 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
122W )RO AD W A>r^|^ ^ ^ 2 j M g 3 

S32 MotBfcyclcs Scaoten 
1 
74 great condition > 342 6467 J42 /SVS 
I i i i 3$A Honda, extra took. run* watt. $5oo 659 1647 
59oo HONDA, low mileage. I ow nfr 
Must te ll 922 4666 
74 H O N O A M A tld 75o 42oo m ile*. 
$188o 772-3o73 atter 4 p m 
76 HONDA MR 175 Enduro £toan' excellent condition. Extras. S7$o. 
684o858 
74 H6NDA MT '258, 255o'mr "mTnl condition. $575 or best otter 414 u6o> 
HONDA OF SAN ANTONIO ' 
57o8 Mobud 6843682 
'7 i 
U 6 'L l . AaL6 
^o sl-n 
Clean Run* good 124 1233 
74 HONDA Super Sport 6oo m l., still in w o rrronty 51195 654o669 
V$ H o n d a 4oo Sugar S p ort, l l m o n th s o ld , 6o8 m ile s . KOSO. 
492 928o onetime t i kldlNDA So6 Twin, low mitpog?! 
$12oo 223 14o5, atter SPM 653 77o5. 
'74 HUSKY WR'ISO, $ speedC lean, good shope, extras $7oo 6848958 
JOF HARRISON MONDA 
Salos-Servico-Ports 
36o1 BROADWAY 
824-9694 
76 kAW ASAKI Like new With Bali 
Stor helmet $976. 341 3235 
71 Kawasaki Mach III, M u tt SefT, 
$5oo 342 4916 
KAWASAKI 65o M .5TOBC VCL t " 
______ SISO C ALL 433 3113 

 nT w H A P rr~ D A v iD S O N Sh //'ntm. 
1 btkr- 
Driven only )8 miles 
826 7386 
|7 ] NORTON_ H 6 6,oo6 rn. 
(> 1 tty b a r, luggage ra c k . M ake o tte r. 
727 143o before 5 pm, 828 5868 eve*. 
" U n An t o n io eFT O T U L e s ' 
KAWASAKI Sato*. Service, P art* 
IIH NAKAMA 
494 5254 ljn i ¥ i f J k r 'f - io o n r E x c e lle n t cond $5o8 Coll 341-3o89 
■ B T O H ? v o n riT )G r^ H 
177914 ave*, weekend* 
9o8 T H y r ife s im rin 
A u + o p a in t in g a im body wark to reOMnatoe rate*. 
Coll tor tree estimate 435-5522 
I U r n s "seats 'torTonT"swivel Ona re c lin in g in clu d e * m ount* 6 IS r im * fo r C h evy tru c k o r vo n 
22 * 5187, 654 o854 
- - DRIVE iN ’T R lic k SALVAGE 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
2o2 Laredo Hwy 9246551 924 6552 
^ 
- GALAXY SAO to" par)* tie en­ gine 11479o8 Sot ond Sun 
GOOO U U D SNGINES P A R T t 
BAXTERS SALVAGE 
1127 Quintpno f)>-6411______ 
?J®." Nell^ irucfc c way hydraulic lift, 575o or best otter I 434 2715 

Tracks I CBBMiBfcta! 

Ipitops Bbsis 
"TBTOTIbb^K c6 
NEW and USED 
TRUCK PARTS 
1o14 ROOSt V E LT 
» x .$ tg i 
ZC X M ) m U IY I t R i i d x i------- 
814 P MOB AMDT 
2242131 H 

ARMY TRUCKS 
Ail Wheel D rive All Sleet 

 l i h l u l — 
H v u i i r i . it ; 
* LT * 
* tomtod, 

T R 
B t V K f t L t t pickup P .rylle.it shope HD s p rin g * and cam per shell Atter « pm 657 J leo 
74?We v r 6 i i T ' r j ton ' ■“ 
Sharp! coli Bdl 3933 ir T 'T 'i'T J f GI VY I I,,,, o U r ib 
Dual wheels with camper Loaned 
$71oo Ask for Sonny, work 224 4241. nile* otter 5 pm, 455 J973 
T T P flP flf c S L r r ■ Yon I INB pil l up Auto , air. power steering tm m aculate 924 1612 Atter 6 pm all day Sunday t l T h . v ’ semi tra d e r Iro 'ie r end chjnto826 227L______ 

7 * CHEVY BLAZER 
Loaded, im m aculate! 9,o49 miles la rp M to i 
I T Z R 'iW t \b d u s t*rn D e tox., 
344U74 
" lf 
$3289 

7 i C H E V Y £ H E V # N N I I , ten 
Ptcluto LtoP UM., LA B . tor 4* 4/541 

( 
MOBILE HOMES 
I 
SPOUTS, IMPORTS t 
SPORTS, tM P O tn ^lf f l S 

“ 
I 

C 

MO TORCYCUS- 

SCOOTIRS 
MOTORCYCLES- 
SCOOTERS 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS 

WISHES YOU 
‘ 'HAPPY 
NEW YEAR", AND 
INVITES YOU TO OUR 
ANNUAL INVENTORY 
CLOSE OUT SALE! 19 7 7 
MODEL H O N D A’S ARE 
O N THE W AY — 
S O 
SAVE MONEY O N OUR 
1976 MODEL 'S STILL IN 
STOCK 
OVER 3o TO CHOOSE FROM 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jon 2 1977 

C 
AUTOMOTIVE 
A 

AUTOMOBILES D ( S ) C 
AUTOMOBILES D 
O 
C mmmr 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES D 
O 
C 
AUTOMOBILES D <S3> 

OLD YEAR OUT & NEW YEAR IN 
ALL TRADE-INS MUST CO 
START YOUR NEW YEAR WITH A 
TINDALL DEPENDABLE USED CAR 
★ LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS * 

7 2 VEGA 
7 4 GREM LIN 

Station wagon, and air, just . 
. a u to m a tic 

H A K AUCTION LIQUIDATORS 
COMPLETE LIQUIDATION OF BANDERA CYCLE CENTER 
ISSI BANDERA RD. SAN ANTONIO 
JANUARY 8, 1977 Starting at 1o:oo A.M. 
Inspection Jan. 5th & Jan. 7th 
From 9:oo A.M. till 5:oo P.M. 
N ew Motorcyles: 

3 New 1 97 6 Hercules W -2 o o o - Rotary W ankel engine 
- air cooled • six speed with disc brokes 
4 ,5 . gal, tank - electric starter made in Germany 

2 New 1 97 5 Corabeio IOO Street legal ■ Emdura bikes with 5 speed transmission - bash plate Fiberglass tank 

I New 1 9 7 6 Montesa Coto 3 4 8 Scottish six day trials - 
Champion - 6 speed 194 lbs. 

I New Montesa Coppra 3 6 o 
Moto-crosser 
French 
National Champion 

I New 1 97 7 Carabelo Moped demonstrator 5 o cc - 
15o M PG - 25 MPH 

I New 197 6 Bultaco Frontero 3 7 o High speed enduro - gold Medalist in I.S.D.T 

I Bullace Matador 1 9 7 6 - 3 5 o Street legal - enduro bike 

1 Mbntesa Ropito 2 5 o 1975 Spanish 24 hr. rood race championship • 5 speed - 9 5 MPH 
6 5 MPG 
USED MOTORCYCLES: 

Montesa 175 - Basket case 

Montesa 2 5 o Motorcrosser-fast-needs side case 

Montesa 2 5 o W ith Custom frame • needs minor repair 

Montesa 3 6 o Needs gas tank and some minor repair 

2 Mini Montesa Moped Head (I in running condition and I portical bosket case) 

1 25 Montesa Motorcrosser - runs-handles good 

5 o cc Montesa Motorcrosser • needs repair 
Hondo I 75 • Needs minor repair 

Hercules I 25 Motorcrosser • Needs some repair 

Solex Motorized Bike • runs - needs minor repair 
Approx, $ 7 ,o o o worth of inventory on new parts. Some used parts for Hercules, Bultaco, Montesa, Carabelo, 
Honda and Yamaha. Also assorted ports for most other brands. New motorcycle tires ond tubes and bicycle tires and tubes and some used bicycle frames. M any new helmets • goggles and lenses - saddle bag brackets • lug­ gage rack • route chart holder . clock holder - fenders - chrome handle bars • tee shirts and leather Jackets. 
Closed in Trailer for Motorcyle 
Rockwell Drill Press - heavy duty with stand and chuck lincoln Arc Welder • helmet - rods • leeds 
Air Compressor ond tank • Grinder • and some asst. tools 
Metal racks - 2 Work Tables 
2 Glassed in Display Cases 
Ref Chest Type soda machine (bottles)' 
Motor Safe 4 cubic ft. 
H A K AUCTION LIQUIDATORS 
P.O. BOX 4o ADKINS, TEXAS 781o1 
AUCTIONEER, FLOYD D. HALL 
For information call 
222-o4o3 — 333-9242 — 333-6598 
WILL ACUTION ANYTHINO-IN U.S. Oft CANADA 

( T R U C K S - T R A IL E R S -B U S ts ) Q ' * (TB U C KS -TR AH iR S -B U S K )( 9 o t t ) | 

7 4 CUTLASS 

 radio, heater air 
* conditioning, lust 
AUDI ^°X ^POrt ^'oup*' ,<,<*l° 
* actory air 
I 

2-dr hardtop, loaded w ith A M /F M steieo, inst 

 r N i r i p 
Delta BB Convertible loaded 
/ J 
U L U ) 
Excellent condition, lust 
I-mr* n n i s m 
B D I V loaded w ith AM IM stereo 
/ J 
V j K A N U r K I A w indow s 8. seat inst 

I C A A A M C 
Safari Station Wagon, lo ute d 
/ Q 
L C m M i N J excellent condition, inst 
I " T r i 
D I 1 1 ^ 1 / ke Satire Custom 4 Jr loaded cruise to n lio l 
/ J u U l v n 
A M /F M lust like new inst 

1 9 7 6 CHEVY 
VERSA VAN 
This fottory-built non otters maximum luxury while you travel. TV, wet bor and AM/ 
FM tape combined with cus­ tom captains choirs ond plush carpet set it aport from all others. Mechanically it is fully equipped with V8, au­ tomatic, duol air, power, cruise control, tilt wheel ond long range gas tank. The ex­ terior is burgundy with cus­ tom white accents, alumi­ num wheels, radial tires. 
Only 4,ooo miles and never licensed. 
PRICE REDUCED 

* 1 
, 6 
o 
o 

MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.I. Military Dr. 
9 2 4 -2 3 1 1 

74 CHEVY VAN CWB VB. power auto . air, AM PM lope. custom in tenor ft5ft ift»6 anytim e 
•it £ h ?V Y V AH. standard 6 runs good WSO 433 9o38_______ _ 
TS C H E V Y 4 W D V A N 
79 ooo m ile s , o o w e r s te e rin g . 
Brakes 
$65oo 
New 
Braunfels. 
I-o29 1968 
74 d a t s u n p icku p w ith c o v e r 
4 speed air. CB, radials Low miles. and mo re 1 $275o. sSS-198o._________ 
D IE S E L TRU CK t i im 4o7o a . I i sp HR. 318. lu ll screw. 1o.ooo ml since motor overhaul. 512-447-571S atter 5 pm_____________ _ _ _ _ ____ 
75 DODGE Good Tim e Van. fu lly equipped t e m 
JSM Broadway, 
226-oJ91 
• ti B fiR C T T ton h 6 n u "- at t power brakes and steering, auto transm ission 
Tool box included 
SI OGO 78o 7/6/ Karnes City 
T ra d e sm a n 2oo M a xi io d s t 
SJ99S or b est o tte r 828-4718 
Van 
____ 

72 Dodge Von 6 C y lin d e r S to n da rd l 
F u lly C a rp e te d C a p ta in s C h o irs 
M ony E x tro s WOOG 465-9485 
I 
• i i D O b d t V A N 
N e w I r o n s c lu tc h A M F M 8 -tra c k . $29oo Se rious in q u irie s o nly 1)7 744o oyes weekends 
74 D U i L l V ^ h e v r o le f !llv e r o d o l 
Silver M a roon, 4 speed. P ow er, o ir, 
A M F M 8 tr a c k , e le c tr ic co n nee I lions tor goose neck 
A ctu a l 17.ooo m iles lik e new 
8/85o 
333 I OOO or 
S3? 5594 
M 
■ S u o T T o n T l 
74 r r v r r o n r e - m ileage $2995 434 oo3/ 
/ J F O R D C o u r ie r p ic k u p 

 n o * 

T i 

C hevy i - N I N * I* Ion w itfi fender tool boxes. V I. a u to m a tic , radio. 
St.ooo 
Chevy ( i t 1978 'I ten, standard, rodte. 51.ooo 
F o r* F 25* 197) ge ion. te n d e r tool boxes, a u to m a tic VS. 52,ooo 
Ford F-188 1*7) *4 ion. le n d e r tool boxes, sta n d a rd VO. 52,ooo 
C o ll T h o m a s M tC a b e 9 2 ) 4353 
M on F rt 
8 5 G ira rd M a c h in e ry 4 
Suably 4428 R oosevelt Ave 
•WPHEW o flu xE p lrk u o T cvT s ta n d a rd 
1» io n. I bed. 19 OOO mi, 
Aw, ra d io, a e rie d * 93)oo M a rs h a ll, 
534-5411 E ves 225 7o64 
•IL C U tV V I! W I " Io n p 'r'E JUT e x tra clean $2/5o 533 33/o 
TI 

T a y lo r, 1)3 I M uisoche 

Loaded, ext 
♦ i T H i y y 
595o cash I 
P ic k u p R e bu ilt m otor 
■ tra d e fo r V a n B us. 

7 8 d u b 5 /V p ic k u p L W k .e ir, 
E xce lle n t co nd itio n 458 2oH o tte r 4 a m 
T i c h e v y P ic k u p 
V e r y d a r t te n d stoo d 4 I4d» 1119499 tondord. a pm Tv'? o letup” ? good co nd itio n 344 2464 
'74 { H I W lu o e r ilx e v 'e n T J 
COH M I )9 )1 
-WdHrVV ’ion pickup'. CWI 5TTT auto . radio, 2 ton# paint, air shocks. w hile spoke moos, dual exhous. 
51295 384 43/1 
‘i i C H E V Y ' j ion )27, itp e e d 179$] 
H M 4 1 I________ 
74 d t l f v v 11 lo o V E 8uW , p o w e r] 
•a cto ry a ir. v e ry low m i L ik e now 
5)M 9 W ill tro d e 913-1843 
WTW EVV TroclbVTrolle. Coo3 tim * . new motor 5 Speed, IS vd hyq, aulic dump 5325o 534 lese t i C H E V Y YAM . le o u v iile G i t , 
C u llo m c a rp e ls 
S te re o a m tm , lo p e ISS VS. o u ts a ir, e x c e lle n t 
H991 
R ay, 
F lo re s v ille , 
19)47)o eves weekend# 

 radio 51295 l l ) 8152 anytim e 
‘Ti Fflfeb M u f f le * A .h T jp A IT. re d w ith b lo c k in te r io r S a c rific e . 
521oo 39.ooo m i 641 4261 weekdays til 5 3o 
/4 iT 6 h Al in e v a n ' M 
VS. insulated- pan eled inside w ilt ca rp et 29 OOO nu S35oo See at KO A 
C A M P G R O U N D . 6o2 G em bler Rd 

V I’ k 6 h o r » f iuitO M T i m . duoi wheats, no bad Pawer brakes, steering air 44o V I. aute to o to n eck hitch Looks and runs axcallant 
By owner 53173 Saturn 
1-172-o189 atter 4 weekdays 
/ 3 f 6 r d k i do 
E«~pTT F7 r ~ tower steering, prgkes, a ir, re a r ju m p e r, cap hi shell very clean 
M arvin s Texaco, Hwy 281-Blance, 
TW ( I >8)1-4411__________________ l«""i 7.Wr': (TUTTa H power steer o ir 344 1o76, 349 5685 
N f o r d F T D ’, ' V IT ii hTfe'rT i '.'SW 
“ cand 
U N S m iles 
S k c e lle n l 
4»6 
74 Fo ra fc w d ' T im e s v o n ' U i 'Y 'TO s te re o * lr OC Loaded 684 17 l l ^ ^ l 
/ i ' f o S ^ L W F 'I S F v T a ir - ro d ri’ 
Best a tte r 451-4o94 
I ” 
— 
7- • x !jp 
WF fh e v y en! a ine 
SM 
MSO o r o est o tte r 
C o ll o tte r 4 pm , 654 141o 
'»* Rara pickup, V i. louped co m p ar, 51,488 a r beet a tte r, m a s t sell 451-4991 eves, and wk ends 
| 
44 F O B O 'T T O J frW r T T h y a V d riv e . 5895 441 3o84 . 441-4741 et r * c - 
T O p ' w r j r g " ? * lent co nd itio n 512oo 433 5/83 
I s t F O B o"~P iT k' U ’p " k T 'l o n 
4speed, SNX! Jim B ru ns. 441 4 S I1 ® 
/ I 'P'^ T W d T W i ------------------Tun 
71 C hevy H aded LIMB 
SIAM 
72 C h e w ' i tan, loaded 
518/5 
282 New L a re d o H w y 92*221 m 
'Ii W 
B '■■"Ton- pi'cr up1’ ’1TifflT W I sin a ir 522/5 922 4 1 8 4 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

7 iF G R f> 
See to a p p re c ia te 333 
»! P b i B M T , U T L *, data, p ow e r steering 
Ski S ill b ro k e s 
1)9 58 coll Jim 

IT’S A SMALL CAR W O R LD AT 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC. 
9 5 o o SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 
Sales Hours: 8 A.M . TO 9 P.M . M O N.-FRI. 

$ 4o o ' 
CASH FACTORY 
REBATE 
On ALL NEW 
OPELS 
In Stock 
GM’s Top performer with top economy 

SPIRES-DCXJGLAS BUICK 
5o1 BROADWAY 
CHARLES ORSINGER BUICK 
45oo SAN PEDRO 

For the Largest savings in town.. .See us on any new BMW, VW or Subaru. 
HOLIDAY SPECIALS 
76 RABBIT, air, automatic............................... $ 3 9 8 8 
75 VW Dasher Station wagon......................... $ 3 7 9 5 
75 VW RABBIT, 25,ooo mi., air, AM/FM 
$3 1 8 8 
74 BMW 2oo2, air, AM-FM stereo................... $ 6 o 4 4 
74 VW BEETLE, air, radio....................................$ 2 3 9 5 
74 SUPER BEETH..................................................$ 2 1 6 7 
74 DASHER 2-door, like new, 28,ooo mi 
$ 2 8 6 7 
73 SUBARU CLEAN.............................................. $ 1 7 8 8 
71 VW Bus.... ..............................................$ 1 8 8 8 
7o OPEL GT, Red................................................ $ 1 5 9 5 
7o AUDI, 4-dooc................................................$ 1 8 7 o lf you don’t see us 
♦‘■£*o4M A k u before you buy . . . 
------ 
You Could Pay Too Much. 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
A e ro n from W o nderland a t F r s x f t r t c k a b w r y Rd. 

7 3 3 - 7 1 S I S m ite * S e r v ic e 

7 3 BUICK 
7 3 DATSUN 24oZ 
7 3 OLDS 
7 5 LEM ANS 

Regal 2 dt hardtop loaded. 
AM - FM stereo tape inst 

 radio heater ait conditioning. 
A M -FM stereo, lust 

D elta Royal 4 -dt loaded w ith A M T M stereo, driven only 44 OOO miles lust 

Sport Coupe loaded like new, |ii6t 
........................................ 
7 2 G R A N D PRIX condition nisi fy2 M O N T EG O ^ 
<fr,ven OM*9 OOO miles, 

72 Bonneville' 

/ - D A M 
C A C A D I 
Station W agon loaded low mi 
/ I 
V K A H D A r A K I leage local one owner just 

/ • y e 
I C B B A M C 
^-d t hardtop loader! 
/ I 
L C m A f Y O low miles, lust 
7 o G R A N D PRIX condition, lust 

 f e e 
A i n e A y lO loaded w ith AM IM steieo tape, show 
/ J v L U u 4 4 Z room condition lust 
7 5 TRANS AM ,“ a“ ' a'“""on,, 

7 4 MERCURY 

29 oCX3 miles, Kist 

M a rq u is , fu lly lo a d e d , ju s t .......................................... 

.... *1o88 
*1388 

 a i m 
* 2 4 o 8 

*2988 
*2888 

 power $ 2 9 8 8 

*2188 
*1788 
*2188 
*3588 
*2288 
*3588 
*1988 
*1488 
*1o88 
*1488 
*1888 
*1188 
*3688 
*4588 

*3488 

7 5 C ATALIN A 
7 5 G R A N D PRIX 

7 5 FORD 
7 5 C A M A R O 

4-di loaded driven only lh OOO miles sold new by us. lust 
Ina,led w ith A M FM stereo power w indow s & seat, cruise control lust like new, just 
E lite 2 dr hardtop, loaded w ith AM T M stereo. driven only 9,o o o miles this car is like new, (list , 

 loaded. A M /F M doyen only 24 ooo. inst 
.......... 

*3688 

*4288 
*4388 
*4188 

7 4 CHEVROLET lo a d e d , ju s t. 
. . M 
' .........................*2588 

C lassic 4 -d o o r h a rd to p , fu lly lo a d e d , A M - 
^ , 
7 6 CAPRICE PM , d riv e n o n ly 1 ? ,o (? 6 m ilo s, just 

7 6 C ATALINA 
7 6 G R A N D PRIX 

2 dr hardtop loaded till wheel cruise control, driven only 2o OOO miles tost lo a d e d 
A M TM tape deck la ity wheels driven only 19,ooo miles sold new by us. Just 
...... 

 lo ad e d w ith AM I M stereo tape tilt wheel, driven only 14 OOO miles Just 
7 6 TRANS AM 
FIREBIRD 
^ rt"vp” °n,Y 

7 o FORD 
7 1 C H EYEN N E 
7 2 CHEVY 
7 4 M A ZD A 
7 5 C HEVY 
7 5 FORD 

14,ooo miles, lust 

 ton Pickup short wide. Wack lust 
V.’ too Pickup u d io . heater power steer mg 8, br.ikes, tactory aw standard test 
Custom IO 'v ton Pickup loaded "with AM IM side tool boxes lust 

 ton Pickup excellent condition, lust 
. 

*6 Ion Scotsdale loaded lust like new lust 

C ourier P ickup la riio h ea le i ait c o n d itio n in g driven only 2o OOO miles Just 

7 5 GM C 

7 3 CUTLASS 

Sierra Classic k* ton loaded w ith 4h4 engine lust 

Sutweme 2 rh condition hardtop loaded showroom 

*4488 

*4288 

*4888 

*5888 
*4688 
*1o88 
*1788 
*1788 
*1788 
*4188 
*2688 

*4288 

*2988 

T IN D A L L ..d S O N P O N T IA C -G M C and 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1565 

SPORTS, KURORTS D 
O 
C SPORTSJWPORtT^ 
( 
SPORTS, IMPORTS 3 
© 
C SPORTS, HWPoRTS 

LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 
ANNOUNCES 
CIOSE-OUT PRICES & ‘2oo CASH REBATE 

- r * . 

( 
SPORTS, WR P O T S 
) ( 9 ! 6 J 

 tC R R IF IC BU Y I 74 FIAT IJ« con v e rtib la 
E x tr a h a rd to p . a ir , 
5 tpeed $3)6o 14) 6694___________ 
/? Vo veto Corolla Deluxe. T 3 o o T 
Fine carl M u tt te ll. 826-81)8. 
/4 TOYOTA C orolla D eluxe' A ir. 
Indio t it t y 6ttl 371/ 
/ t Toyota Corolla wagon 
4)3 4/4o____ 
4 speed! 
AM I M 9S/S ( OSM 43/ SHU*, 
ZI toyota 2 D i deluxa 224 4*54 
FINANCE. TRADE or CASH 
74 TRIUMPH SP ITFIR E 
F ranch 
In m in t 

I FREE CAMERA! 
(lim ite d Otter, m u tt be 38 yrt. of age. 
* w ith valid Driver » Ucente.) 
I Wa ll Even Furnish a roll of Color Film (2o Expo- | 
J turet). s, 
I When you take a test drive in the hottest Import | 
| in the country. 

I 
I O n ly A t... 
■ NORTH LOOP SUBARU 

1 4 6 2 3 FREDERICKSBURG RD 
I ac, uxi from INen der tend 
* Sales and Service 
732-7121 j | 

^UUCKS-f RAILERS BUSES]3 ) ® 

74 GMC P ickup, auto. a ir. S285o to ll Jim. 44I-45H 
71 G M t io n pick up VT, a ir', paneled camper 
I owner S2495 
6/4-3935 
/ ) 
W recker 585oo or trode 
/3V1156 
__________ 
HOFFER TRUCK CO. f 798-32S4 
IN TE R NA TIO N AL TRUCK 
SALES ANO SERVICE 
PO BOX 411 HolleltvtHe. Tex (I) 
(4 ) 
H o lm es 
W re ckert 
/SO 6oo 6oo 4oo. O ietei and gasoline 
358-54o3. 
Dallas 
Texas 
-vsJ Intvrnabonul Iro /lo r, gosoiine, 
52.8oom Coll Bob. /34-423o. 734 4238. 
7)44239. 
T l'lN f'N l tR A v fc L A L L ' Lo5~d' ^ i: im m oculetel Seguin 1-3/9-6888 
’76 JEEP CJ S 
New and in W orenoute w ill ta lk price BIB 1334 
____________ _ 
'71 JEEP PICKUP 
4 Wheel Drive 
828 1338 
W oeoneer Fw h e el d r a ir a f cene $1415 tee Medico! Center 
Texaco. Babcock W uribach Rd 
7rMACKR"5 i----------- 
Twin Screw 917 4662 

1 1 Ion 4 cyl 4 tb o td 
• ra n t. radio, hoator. oxcoeiionoiiv clean $1795 y y iliiro d t til- im 3 
Now and O tto B u m p tr t. L ith ) w eifht ta heavy duty For ell tu e s of pickup Iru c k t 924-6551 282 Now 

 i i 6 id t Yoronado loaded, rn TST re n d itio n 161o B 'oodwar 226 3522 tf4 * Pele COT 

Triplex. I 
/ T m a Y S a 

Cummmgx 
655 2o81_______________ 
>o Huiim on type JEEP 

Tw in tc re w 7^o cellont 
$695o 

2o,ooo m i 
456-415o, 

AIRCRAFT 

 blue, lug ra ck, hardtop condition 655 ISIS 
7^" T rI u M PH 'S pi iti r e ton've/TTbir 
Low im , 1285o l l ) 9167__________ 
IO Trium ph Spitfire M ark •«! ' " 
TAKE TRADE 224 6956 
44 TRIUMPH spitfire MR ll d ro o l condition Good ename, lie u t, lop, battery 
58oo 
62 
VOLVO 
S1oo 
149 21o/ 
73 I ii 11 IM I U M A G A u la .c d r. 
AW FAA C la b b v4 Wuns D e rftc llv 
V4695 Days 7)781o9 N ilrs i4 1 $6io 
VOUSWBGEM 
P a n t Service C a rt 
655 1o3 
76 v f tW o IAX. cill. power blokes tleerlnu. 4 spd. excellent condition. 
$2196 6SJ 849/ 
7 o VOLVO 144 S 4-tpood, ra d io , 
5)5oo Atter 5 IO 91) 136o 
• W V fliv o 
" n 1 
14? Standard, a ir, A U I M radio . 
SH.OOOmi 5,15oo 492 17o5 i t V w B U 6~ 
T tO ■ w ld . ' T o o ^ cond S595 )*x-el»2 anytim e 
7 o VW BUG .R e b u ilt t n t , now broket, radial# $1126 666 /o/4 
•49 VMI BUG. xunroof, re a l nice, need» m o tor w o rk SISO 
3D-8IS2 anytim e 
___________ _ f t VHI B d l. O verhead a ir. m u ti 

CESSNA 
A irc ra ft. P arts, Service, R entals. 
M e tric A ir M otive, Simeon M un­ icipal 922-274/ 
1 4 4 4 C E 'i s 'N A ' s K Y H ^ W K - K TaT : 
COM 1oo-14o. M K-I2A -9o. IS SOA. trd n tp o n d tr, now p a in l. now a n ­ nual Like new! 
3949 CESSNA ISO COMMUTOft 
1948 CESSNA 21o 
39/4 CESSNA 21o 
1967 
CHEROKEE 
34o-4, 
IPR eautooed 
Con AL 532-/29-7457 
*64£f!{>f4A ISO" ffs Y T A E '. Strobe, 
Narco l l A 14o Excellent condition 
N tver a trainer November annual. 
481-2441,' 91/ 4291 
19 / V "g it UM mIYJ ' Y I"a i n e IT 'S JT' tlo n d in g c o n d itio n S/6oo. 
Crotby, 433 /751. 
M r 

914 
CARS 
ANTIQUE and COLUCTORS 

 excellent cand 
51 IOO 
1222-1249 
74 i t A h C t t iRO L o o K d " AJU FM up#, xaecial deal on any c a lli Ma 
‘rig: 222-84H 
/TYXTTPRT4#o~so ut .h o t : exlrg clean, low mi. am-tm ttoroo 
14285 41S-81/8 
/ I ' I AN i ii I »D~V IT a u f o m oo wheels (1858 call Jim 441-4511 
L / i" " I A‘N A * B 

42 Austin Hedley 3ooo Roadster 
Partially Restored 515oo 82$ 7895 ■ ! 
7*1 CMEV Y ^ O T J p - R - e ^ d H, original I 
I 
I ■ ■ _______ fO R V A IR 6 w is e r s I irs 11 • ' C o li 
658 /815 about Son A ruejuo’t only 
CORVAIR CLUB- 
66 E t <i A N il NO 
P o w e r, o .T 
4-speed 
AM FM tto r o o la p # 
R adials, chrom o wheels A sking 
51788 
Beauty! 
149-2793; atter 6 
431-8965 
•4 f TO&'B 'Y - fW r c 'vT 'p liV u o ll excellent condition 5,ooo mi nu complete e n g in e o v e rh a u l 
A ll original equipment Cheap. SHOO 
K ornet City /SO 7/67 i966 F 6 R D ^ iC K u F te r'r.,te r,i« e n 
R u nt good $19$ gr best o tte r bv 
Jon It! 649-1561. 71*1841 
I H i W l R 6 T 7 B u * r I '(censed running Black with yellow wheels 
Good condition 529oo S56-o943S® 
TTmET M'iioSK nitor* ♦ ran $mi$iion r#oo«f. S25o U7 1oo1 i i MU ST A NG-Ba l la s t v t. Oulu 

 payments call 9)4-5426 
• TcTToorTTig h waToni MTBuses iL it 
IM I NOOALITOS 
Ti. b u t T S R X Si 
■ ■ ■ 5 1 * 4 7 7 
46 Trove! log new ttre t. $1188 6811 1461, 927 4291 
. l f pickup Nu equity Call 12*9918 ask tor Fred. Atter I: 922-7717 tA K l ' a i 'f f t H Y W T ffT S on 
TS 
Ford Econolme IOO 656 6971 
Y fTgV 6 T k Fin STT nog 'SVT a m FM s te re o , 
MD b u m p e r, com per shell $345o 651 6794 i W T RX’hT T A W >(hTsTi 
-reoJv to go 1 2 *2/7/ or 65S9618 
^ T b u i f e D fRUCKS7n-d--------- 
TRAILERS IN STOCK 
CHARLIE 5 TRUCK PARTS 
62$ 1916 

V A N S W A N T E D ! 
6931 5 FIO R E S 
921 4211 
T T W S A T m o ii ^ o n et A uTo 
St SO 
COM I11S1SJ anytim e 
’ftVW » U t ; g ^ T O l l f i * n : p 8 w t im , s i l l. m X m _______________ 
W otli Yrucb, lU I F -iW Crew col w ith Custom bed and boxes F ull lo n tth o v e rh e a d rack-8 24 2991, eves. 1 249 1*82 

 factory air. all bowet Still like new! 
S2SB*. 141-29)1. 
SI T Bl B b, . d«, block, original I owner $1ooo 342 o4o2- 

 llt-iwm s IORI ISS CMJ 
T T T rrX T O T T O * call r n IM I 
TpJ3TT 

 te lh Coll 111 1)41 
111 b u s , I pass G ood c o n d liio tL 
A ir. , uilio.■ 
In \Mi ribs 4 %p 
OOO m i 661 6496 
I s k ill I T T new rodiols. sper tai window-, $2995 
666 o941, or 736 1/16__________ 
71 VW fo n ve rfib le Air, sleet belled radials $1995 6564455 
74 v in d 'A L h e R" ou'io ---------- air, low m i $155o 111 8161 
I f T W l l l I J o o r T f y li r id e r n d l l miles, outom otu J spend tra n sm it 
Sion 6)5oo 344 68/8 a ll ft 
VR ENGINES S)7$ 1f - 
R B BU ILT A OU AR ANT EBO 
INSTALLR D 
6 MONTHS or 6,ooo M ILE S 
LAROE STOCK USED PARTS 
AM ERICAN BUG CENTER 

ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN ® 

 i- 

STOCK 
REDUCTION 

'45 vW oood runhing r nndilion. new p ain t, S85o oi best litte r 654 162/ ftF VW kA R M E N 6 lf,A 'W u sT xiin 
Leaving country S4/S 73) 82/1 
‘H I M . new irrin s . < lu irh , g en e ra tor, vollcjae requlalui and battery, 
Needs valve lob 545o or bes! alter. 
4333982 
•A IM fcAIITT-am f u 'iiTSL 

N O BETTER CAR ...N O BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 

1 4 o 2 N E L O O P 4 1 o jtklT Al NACOGOC-.ntS NO I 
828-17o1 

END OF 
YEAR SALE! 

$1ooo“ 
WORTH 
OF 
AC­ 
CESSORIES „ FOR $2oo“ 

W HEN YOU PURCHASE A 

NEW 1976 V .W . DASHER 

OR 1976 VW CAMPER _. 

$7oo“ 
WORTH 
OE 
AC­ 
CESSORIES ... FOR $2oo“ 

W HEN YOU PURCHASE A 

1976 RABBIT... 

January 
Clearance 
» USED CARS < 

1 7 5 ™ 
„ 
5a7*7novu * ‘2495 
IV R CARMA CeufMFi 4 •*►*!., TJ 
/ J air rwdie. wdy vSbOO -I 
9J3%s ^Aw 
‘1987 
72 C£ L . Ae 
WAS $1895 

’72 DATSUN 
.. ‘1895 

’74 DATSUN S *£%.*« HUST**4 
$2395 

’74 OLDS "j* a. xxin weir nj $3^95 

’75 AAC 
I.M. . ‘2495 

•76 PLYWOUTH 
,2 m 

*1575 i t s MHU* 
M c***, aute-. 
I Hi rude, lew mil neat W AI 
NbW., w . ^ 2 7 9 5 ly w MAER H Weewx, xwte., waT ‘ Liiis ‘1945 
A t 'T A 
<$ I- Cwxxpe. > 
_ 
I 4 xpd -rnAk., xpqed rx x e x l 
I 
.. W A S , 
S i o a r 
$3491 N O W ... IVY 5 i COROLLA. 2 
A 1 4 ., 

 tiv e s tS i CILICA St., cdr 
/ 4 re S f... vB bfB 
$319 S ------- 

»'t 

. great g a t ntleoge $2195 344 4991; 14*7119 
T T W 
W 
I r- 
A ir. atifg.. t x l r a nice II89S l l ) (IS I anytim e r n rm r o f n n m y r r r s a 
> o n d itun New b re t New lune up 
I and Iron! end lob. 4)3 96o6 

*1725 
I /PM 

 r n * ‘2965 ry a CoEo44A Murk It, ewte- 
# o mwtM, 
Mr. 
AM IM 

‘5295*. [ 

I 
BOERNE MOTORS INC 

C a n T tr S M o r Ira d e 

 a iV w 'XT s'V f WV a1 TTI' 
ISIS CARS FOR LALE 
M I 8211 
Cerner A irp o rt Blvd ond Holm Rd al amo w o n ---------- 
Across Pram A irport l i t e m sis n rn LOOP 41o 
75 AMC PACER X Standard h o n V m m ion air, $248o Jim. 66I-4SII i n u Nil— fA V M ttfr r — n 
COUGAR M HI. coll 914 5424 
T n p b r i w n t *. -n e s r v a n y aula . air, low m ileage 696 JS2S or 
82*34oo 
SANK Rf POSSfSk'ONS 
A V A ILA B LE 
Take up p n y m e n lt w ith auoMtied c re d it A p p tic n tte n t accep ted by 
I Wa applicationt re la id 
• ARL 
227 MIS 

75 CHEVROLET 
PMM I » t CUM* nw 4mw < « 2 9 9 ij 

* 2 6 7 5 
•Ute , 

'1 6 3 5 

7 5 L A N C I * 5 r i X - ,SkmHtH NFttttiBWS £ 
6 4 9 5 

*1 9 7 3 A U D I F O X 
■ 
Ow a p r w ilt take near w h olesa le price tar quick-quick tale 2 O oorl sir. FM radio 34,ooo m i 342 272S® 
75 
W > ~/M ' -//)N"-!Tk-f~ 
> 
23.ooo mt., un 
FM stereo, 4-tpeed radials Great gas m ileage 6*9oo 
IM-4W _________________________ 
73 AUDI iM -t.i. Awtpu dpwar, a ir. 
$2489 COH 492 1771 
AUDI 'W I looked 
ILike new Ortglnoi price S/5oo, for 
B l A beautd jl car la quick tai# SU drive 69o$44 

 y, Orion ie 6i$5u 

72 Audi, 188l I Excellent c e xfHion 
Lew m ileage Aulgm atic, Witt a ir 
49*1531, 124 MOO 
----------------------TOUR------------------------ 
Bavaria, Ith* new 1.9 * 4 m i sedan 
112,999 Value, fa r enly 559*5. bv owner, Mt-3842 anyhm e 

BMR 32o1,53o», 63oCS! 
CMI David R em bert. 7)2-7121 
I A f f I ■UT aoigm ailc, air, vinyl, stereo, radio $22*6 69o 1123 i m 
' - i o t t " le d 
Si7- 9 r nTwm 
344 HOO 
Y Y I? I F i I. "V u n s liite now SFH 
661 MOS, 483-4741 

71 CAPRI V L its tra m , 4 speed 
AM-FM radio atr conditioned Rear window defroster, vinyl 
Ion 
455-8227 
T T TTS'ftN /fc T fg r o ^ e m T e - V - f 4 speed 
AM FM, mags and la x e r* 
675-o434 
TYT7~(VB V F 9 T r ~ T w r m IM s I ■ k'e new Under W arranty Hi June 1977 
$895o 651 1335 or 82*25o3 c'O R V f T f r . - f T -'B V ^ s m i nor work Asking $65oo 3497/91 
/7 b A t i 't ff lTT iV "oTTT 'T r i g i n orange $958 66! MP4, 663*743 r 
* 
BIYfOH------------- 
BRYSON AUTO CENTER 
14M PAT BOOKER 
UNIVERSAL C H V 6SA4371 
7 5 bA T4U N ~T7?K u F ~ » lC T rn; excellent $»$$ 651-48M 
//-O A T Su"n~WOOo’iT "Zufo"' Un 
Call 111-8151 anytim e 
•M CsAY^UtJ f lfl j! Loaded $3ooo or 
|trpd»- n*ttd 
I 
‘75 Oat tun M SI low mi, air. auto 
A M -F M , new tire s , b ra k e s , ex 
I cond' 69* 4347. 22 / 8253 i i o A Y iu h wnamrn s s c 
M r, cpu 
222-8*68. ask tor 
A ri 
Mist fir*# J 
T f ' B I f I U H W i '"M u tt te ii,"beti otter SM 28*4 
■Tf B W O H T W I i * } Silver* grey. tape deck, etc $5/5o 651*1*2■ 
Mux! tei 

‘71 DATSUN 249-2. Standard a ir, b lu e Good c o n d itio n O rib in o l owner MI-8112 
'V I F i a t i i i w v A G o tJ !1 1 S lK r 
Cak 12)1151 anytim e 
:; i "fi bttb r r ro T e^ oiir a r n 1 s r rodio. 4$ MPG. ra d ia l lilt s . $8oo 
KEN. 344 SMI tufas 
"T f' y o u T 'a n EP V A i i 'f f e l " " 
BU ILT SM ALL CAR THAN AT: 
DREYER TOYOTA 
BUY IT 
I sal VWS BMffs Birrus 
CALL 
PAT 
7117111 
T IS O a r 

*4 ME RC t DLS 23o 5L Plus n a tl top, ail options Excellent condition 
$68oo 684 I H I eves ex ends 

M i YR (C A D A S T E R , 124 /427 

V W E n g in e O v e r h a u l V W 
SI 85. 

 t t v w p v u J ) n m mc $55oo 69* 39o8 otter 6 am 

 k a ¥ « 1 V 5 m T"19n 
Ai yellow 
$18oo 
'Od bright 
7338*82 
>4 lf V J j fir 

“TTO 
Mr in 

 t249S 
Weekdays 

 a 
1 f i,» 
Best otter ■ 
Ek V 
Coli 712-9741 
J torn 

 hu'iJL. vin yl top. a ir, AM FM stereo c o t se tie 
I /OOO 
149-1297 
Witt br u 
< 1 , ro td ry engine 
First MSO 45o*495 

M ERCEDES B B N 2 4S* I L Coupe 
Roadster, 1974 M eiotic beige, bam boo leather in terio r. All options I owner all records available M int condition Corpus C hristi. I |!5 13o5 w m et 

4 Month 
4,ooo Mi Warranty! 
SERVICE AND REPAIR 
^m rnauuate I ow 
Geacge 5 Mays 696 8488 or 725 2*2* I 
T I 
I' 
I 
W M mileage Must selh Hest otter 
M ike 69o 1584 
| 
67 MSB "p lu s hardtop H B T m S n point, Mres upholstery Heal clean 
$14o9 644 292/ eves . wkendt 
H TTVID n 6 Y V iM P 'o r fs 
MERCEDES B E N I Sales torV K 8 
1828 SAN PEORO 
716 224) 
F i MonfoBo GT air AM lope player ond radio, pawer good con dll ion $2/oo 62 3 44o/ 
Agust Se.fi ' l f H 'W J B - 'i V C tjg w 
122,ooo milos 22o 2324 69o 1/6o 
- N S W f B T g s F v a r a W ie n * - 
7)1-7 l l I 
4*21 F rodortcktburg Rd 
“ n o rT T lw S o d T ^ S 5? RE A J & r 

.ywCaUCA. 4 m2 

7 2 ^ 2 C V m mp* 
$188$ 
MOW 
I T * Ame 
MOPM8T 
Aw*# rn 
WAS 

‘ 1 3 9 5 
Cexine, 
4- reote, ex- 
O. 
WAS' f l 

 n o w 
‘ 2 S 9 5 
We M ux 49 xorx et xXwxh fixer mtxxX he xeM Cerate by. leek end .rxek* en otter en xnn efw 

SI $9$ 
NOW 
.. cog OLLA 
• * • •4 att, 
VV 

I F R IM R 5 C K M U M G RD. 
■88oB M y $ * * A 9 $ x 

CHRYSLER 
PL YAAOU IMS 
VOLARKS 
DODGE VANS 
DODGE ANO GMC P IC K U P * 
*2$ Mn Main. Boerne 149 ) le i 
DIRECT LINE 
11*S)1$ 
Jay G arrett Salat Manager 
6* g T t.'N T 7T ! T ‘ b m I 8 B 9 M R i 
5)oo 141*594 t o ig « ' H fo n fa rio n / W 
Yy' l T 
Sourei 4 door ah options AM FM lope Excel lent cond 34 1 954$ 
72 f c u lt k 'l i o ctro.- y owner~T $oa od. clean Rodiais $269$ M *2 U 9 m’T'TTT"~ good condition $1 ISO. 656 4)94 
74 BUICK L»6ubre Custom 

M iR C E o F fl^ N T 
6 3 m in i condition A ll power, a ir, el ictric tunroai and o nionnt AM 
FM stored w ith cassette vy:u, seats MKhotin tiro s tee otter 5 1 I 
O E I^qilvdninyH m e weekends r 5 pm 
, at 2o3 

55o6 S NEW BR°Tu N J l l L $ ^ ^ ^ 

 t T T S r 5C H I " "yr4 
A p pe o r qnTe 
•roup AM FM cosbotto, oxcotionf cond 14) 1412 otter 4 
Ti F C TI C T H i m 
----------- 
CALL 
222 1141 
_____ l ei P f l B W r m 
'I t a . i ■ condition on Attor 4 pm. 342 /I IO 
B l 

1236 N E LOOP 41* 
T rq w ii 
CON 31)8151 anytim e 
IV W W H L ift mf i t e ta i fu e l in it c t t d 
Radio, u n d e r l l .OGO im $ j 4oU 653-6392 

PORSCHE 
1974, 911 Targa Loaded tow m det a tt* owner 124-71*8, 491-9124 
'/ i '6 a ■ i"-7* *»To'm 1 DVT 'T r 
T T T a m t v . stereo 
R adio. 
I i ® 
I 342 '85o 
74 SUBARU w A o 6 tt T kr- r x m starOO 63oo9 64$ uevx 
I 
~x'i" 6 U N E EA M~^ ,o~ 
-f f r v i Turn m et*ly rebuilt Sharp. 492 9425 
/ 4 l o g s b t r T r - A — 
- - - ; , -,-. 
I condition 6V4o9 124 4265 
Tpk* over paymohls on 74 
Mg equity C alp$24*91* ask lo t Fred, 
Utter 7 m in t 
H 

TO a lf'T oTl l i T i 

Low rni!cog* 621/6 111 I M I ___________ 
IO b u ic k L e ia o rt, excellent con d ti ion $966 342 i t l l v>T rrr~7Z~7T 
Otter 712 o*94 
74 B J 1 ? K A . . a l 
L . o J . J i'm mac ole to 1 $5288 Coli 814*828 
T r i o i g v T i vi i m a T g g an i s ml. $6/58 or best otter 6*4 2292 y f i m f g T r f v l AR k TorTcUn. runs to e d Low im ita te A sking 
$19$* Atter 4 p m 
*61-1716 
T n u rc T K k ^ o rk ArppiiTB o rf V f oui# , power, factory atr, like now 
$t«HI Will It ode 91) 288) 
9Tf 
"x t ctto; r r rgB B rnsr adion Only 18.ooo mi Mux) Selh 9 am 6 pm, 722 22o8 
F IE T m r io a u V . jn v Y r n w , 
Perlect $75oo 7)6 7683 141 » l l 
Ts/J la d tiia c Coupe. wViTie Tr-oiher in ter ie i L oaded 111 288/ 
74 if od lilac^o u p e Deville. LeHMioF- 
C(e«n boer ne J le t 1488 
■imm'TT1 v ynw .m i- i u t condition All ( udmac extras 
Whit# oy«r blue 11.oo8 m i 82*118o or o5) 6848 a ttn $ pm 
* ■9 * t A B i l l A ^ C b u p p T O K T " 
S im in w a rra n ty a ll C a d illa c 
Eauippod I except sunroof ) Pl rom I ii or eon r Ion loather in terio r 
Like how $895* coll Jim . GPI -GBI $ 
74 CADILLAC CPI BHALU ll.C le m ilos, wo rro ntv. 828 o197 
T T T ) D U L A C S LOOR ADO t P 
- 
V C IT 'B l ■ Now fires, fully leaded 
CoMoctpr'S item Must set) bv end of year USO* 45* 2591. 

San Antonio EXPRfrSS-NEWS— Sunday Jan 2 I 977 

AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 

Now thru Dec. 31 
Special Buick ^g|p 
Special Price 
% 
Only in San Antonio 

 im 
H i.................................... 

Ii UHM..................ml 

I.— '* 

The Policy Tinct Lot* Yow Sign Away Most O f 
T h e Coct O f Motor Mechanical R e p a irs For TI 
Month* Or 13,ooo Milos, Whichever Como* rirsM 
:U;. 

LIMITED AVAILABILITY 

Your San Antonio Buick Dealers have put together a package on a special ’77 Buick . . . The “Free Spirit” Special. This Buick is avail­ able only in San Antonio and the supply is limited. The price is extra good, too! The “Free Spirit” Special offers V-6 power pius economy 
. . . loaded with comfort. Special price . . . special Buick . . . now at 
Charles Orsinger Buick on San Pedro and Spires-Douglas Buick on Broadway. 
Extended through Jan. 4 
Only at your San Antonio Buick Dealers 

‘4695 

SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK CO. CHARLES ORSINGER BUICK CO 
5o1 BROADWAY * 2 2 6 - 1 3 6 1 
4 5 o o SAN PEDRO • 734-4221 

75o N.E. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY iaaaaa»aliklMiiaaEia»a: 

WE ARE GOING TO MAKE A BIG 
NOISE THE DAY AFTER NEW YEARS 
• 
I 977 LTD 4 DOOR SEDAN 

1977 GRANADA 
1 

2 DOOR SEDAN 

#6515 

 hmsr- 
• 6 Cylinder * 

- * * * 
• Standard 

• Air conditioned 

• Tinted glass 
< 

• Power steering • Power brakes 
] . Wji 
• Steel Radial white sidewall tires. 

#6146 

7* C A D ILLA C t i Dor a Do R h VOL 
• Bcelient con* Heavy duty hitch 
8 «trat. M lfijM -M T I m C A D IL L A C EID orado. loud*?. 
Whit* Oh whit* t im . 661 3oo4, 
661-4741 
71 f A b t L L A t Fir**wood Brough am E n c e o U o n o l c o n d itio n , low mileaoe 492 2665 

'71 Cadillac Std a n D e ville 
T ok* o v er p aym en t*, c a ll Jo h n 
SHmo, 349-6946 
CADILLAC Sedan D e ville , te n 4 
Door hardtop, w hite o u tride red leather in te rio r, I O w n er F o lly 
.Quipped Igw m.iepne *22 7862___ 
O o h I AC H Sedan D eville. 4 dr 
Low M ileoae. eitceilent condition 
AW F M I Iro c Ite re o 
527oo 
724 6767, 656-2914 eve* 
74 CodiHoc S e v ille , ©ne O w ner, 
Low Mile*. S31oo>.rm 4V4 JU6V 
7t Comate Retro* 224-4*56 
NO CASH WITH TWAD8 
7$ CAMARO Leaded, toke over men!* no down 222 6611, M o n o 
72 Comoro Sport Coo A u to . air, 
.ULI mote poymfM*! 226 6954 
73 CAPRI $1888 
C O U P S , 4*p##d 
JA M B O N M ir* Seguin 223 52o1 
73 Chollenoer Sport 224 4*56 
NO CASH WITH TM A O L 

C H A L L S N OE ■, 363 MT 
1*26, 
Spec tai E dition, jim 3*441oo 
72 C harter Sp** *ui Edition 
NO CASH AUTH TRADE 224-6»>6 

71 C h e v ille M a li b u , 4 d r V a o it d a ir p ow e r t f e e n n g b ro k e * w h ite * won* good cond SHOO 655 P IM y . 
'64 Chevet!* M o llb u 2 door C o up ?, 
A u to m a tic , V e ry C le a n B o d y . M**# gin# N eed* W ork 
S325 F in n . Sop joe IJJ E O M H iy h rn.. 
4* C H E V E L L i yyooon 
Auto , pie# good cond I ow ner 361 74o7 
74C H EV ETT E LIKE NEIN Auto tro n * m l* » io n , a ir tin te d a la * * / radial* 
Co*l 
142oo, yell 
528oo, 
4ii-l4>2, 
, # ’» 
CLMKSHf.ggPi:!^ 
Bd 7J4 4261 
494 6Q8J 

#647o 

DcnZ/MmaxX 

More 
Classified on Page 
US 
98oo SAN PEDRO f* * ^ E X C L U D E S h e ig h t. D e a le r P ro p a n d T o T ^ l^ T o n c T U con*# 
"* | 

DARBY 
JONES 
PEREZ 

-air "—a‘*^— fTT^fffyrlpTmfTnT^rTTrT^HW KTfciKr*.nriJ , Y>fliU 

^ 
IXM ISS4IEW S 
S cene 
MILDRED WHITEAKER 
Women's Editor 
January 2 1977 
Page I -E i rn—nrmmrr ~ ■■ 

Major spokespersons for and about women have been those fem inists whose en­ ergies are directed to alter­ ing the age-old norm that every woman should marry, have children, and stay at home to raise them. 
Feminism has helped to free the single woman, the childless married woman, and the working mother for jobs outside the home without sex bias and for pursuit of their chores without stigma. 
Merger 

But feminist spokespersons, in their zeal to create an alternative view, have established intention­ ally or unintentionally a position antithetical to a woman’s staying at home to raise her family. 
Yet, according to many of the women who try merging careers outside home w ith raisin g fa­ m ilies, life is not so free, ful­ filling. and glorious as the theor­ eticians would lead one to believe 
On the contrary, many women report th a t, instead of the hoped-for feelings of challenge and excitement, their dual roles bring feelings of frustration and 

By Arlene Rossen Cardozo 

Excerpted from the book W O M A N AT HOME 
Copyright (C) 1976 by Arlene Rossen Cordozo 
Published by Doubleday & Company, Inc. 

 tension, of being pulled in two directions. Working outside home creates new problem s, without solving old ones. 
This series is about women who have developed a life-style alternative called the human eth­ ic. The ethic states that forming and maintaining close human re­ lationships is at the core of what life is all about, and is therefore to be kept in prim ary focus. 
Goals 

Women who choose this ethic elect to stay at home to raise their families rather than to work out­ side home, and find at home not boredom and loneliness but rath er enjoym ent, feelings of self-worth and accomplishment. 
How do they do it? 
The more I talked with women about what determ ined enjoy­ ment and satisfaction, as opposed to boredom and loneliness, at home, the more apparent it be­ 

 came that the woman who enjoyed being at home had consciously decided to be there and had de­ finite goals. 
In contrast, the woman dissa­ tisfied at home was often unsure what she was doing there. While the woman who enjoyed being at home saw herself as a companion as well as a parent to her children the woman who was unhappy there invariably considered her­ self primarily a caretaker. 
Another im portant difference was that the woman who enjoyed being at home perceived that she had a strong support group — either in term s of a community of other persons with sim ilar goals, or of other families who valued family life, or both. 
Stranded 

In c o n tra st, the woman unhappy at hom e often felt stra n d e d , living am ong strangers, or in areas where other 

LIVELY 
ROHDE 

KILPATRICK 
DAWSON 

 t x : 

G lasses clinked, laughter jose, and as the model bared one shoulder, there was a roar of applause. 
On the runway, a newsman stripped the shirt off his back to give to the holder of the lucky ticket. 
The white dress shirt — cho­ sen by the ticket holder — was removed with dignity and de­ corum to the accompaniment of 
“ The S trip p e r.” The im ­ promptu performance stole the show. 
The 99'and 99/1oo per cent female audience was delighted by the 1976 media male style show and luncheon given by 
Women in C om m unications 
Inc. se here it comes again! 
WICI p rom ises th at the show, “ Man About T ow n,” will be bigger and better this year, says T helm a L edger, chairman. 
The mostly-male style show will be held at ll a m. Satur­ day, Jan. 15, in the Camellia 
Room of Joske’s, Alamo Pla­ za. 
Spring fashions from 
Joske’s will make their first appearance. Ten fem ale mo­ dels will show w om en’s clothes while 32 newspaper, television and radio persona­ lities will flex their muscles in the newest men’s wear. 

LOIS HAASE 

SWEENEY 
ROGERS 

Once again a lucky ticket holder may choose "the shirt off his back” of any of the models — on the spot. 
And a new feature has been added. WICI will present an award to San Antonio’s "Best 
Dressed Man." 
Commentating the fun show will be Bruce Hathaway, RTSA radio, and Jacq u i Zock ot 
Joske’s. 

Those who attend the lun­ cheon and show do not have to sit and look from afar. They are invited to come early and visit with all of the media per­ sonalities during a wine and champagne reception. 
Then find the male of your choice and join him and other guests at his tab le for luncheon. 
Models for the 1977 “ Man 
About Town” show are Bob 
Dale, David M cLemore, ‘Ri­ chard Erickson, Ron Jones and Charles O. Kilpatrick, San 
Antonio Express-News; Peter 
Franklin, Phillip Morales and 
Joe Rust, San Antonio Light and Lewis Fisher, North San 
Antonio Times. 
Also, Dgpg Darby, Gary De- 
Laune, Maclovio Perez and 
Bob R ogers, KENS: L arry 
W hite, RLRN: Ed B arrera. 
Jim Dawson, David C ruz, 
Gene Lively, Alvin Smith and 
Joe Sweeney, KMOL; Rick Lo­ zano, Paul Venema and Ricci 
Ware, KSAT and Ruben Cantu, 
KWEX. 
Also, 
F ran k lin 
C ollins, 
RAPE; Gary Scheer, KEEZ; 
Tony Lee, KITE; Bill Rohde, 
KKYX; Michael Black. KONO; 
W arren Knox, KQXT; and 
Mike Lozano and Carl Wigles- worth, WO AI. 
Jo u rn alism sch o larsh ip s will be given from proceeds of the show. Tickets are $7.25 
($2.75 of that amount is tax deductible.) 
T ickets are av ailab le through the Joske’s ticket ser­ vice in Windsor Park, North 
Star Mall and Alamo Plaza or by sending a check to Jan 
Smith, News and Information, 
University of Texas at San An­ tonio, 78285. 

ARLENE C A R D O Z O a t h om e in M in n e a p o lis w ith one o f h er th ree children 

...and men at play in WICI style show 

 women were also unhappy in their situation. 
When the woman enjoyed being at home, her husband was contin­ ually involved in the ongoing life of the family; where the woman was most unhappy, her husband was not actively involved. 
The woman raising a family can integrate her personal interests and activities into her total life scheme; she need not forego them or leave home in order to pursue them. 
Integrate 

What is distinctive about the woman who achieves balance, without conflict, in her life, is that her question is not whether or not to take on activities in addition to raising a family, but rather when and where to do so. 
There are three distinct, but 

 contiguous, phases in her life, for which each woman raising chil­ dren can plan. The first phase begins with the birth of the oldest child and lasts until the youngest child enters grade school. 
The second phase comprises the years when the children are iii school. 
The third phase — which is a new-lease, rather than the emp- ty-nest period — begins when the last child leaves home. 
Whichever ways a woman chooses of im plem enting these three phases one thing is certain: a woman need not sacrifice one aspect of herself for another. 
The two major freedoms in be­ ing at home are interdependent, rath er than independent. One freedom is the opportunity to create a secure home for herself, her husband, and children within 

 this vast social order. The other is that while making a home a wo­ man has the chance to develop and expand her own interests, creative potentials or personal specialities right there. 
Pliant* one 

Anne Hayden is a Phase One mother who has learned the art of enjoying her family and who has used the freedom of being at home to develop both her adm inistra­ tive and her creative abilities. 
Anne says, "The secret of the whole thing is balance. Some years there s time for more of one kind of activity, less for another. 
There have been tunes, like when 
Lisa and Tommy were small, when I played with them all dny. 

See WOMAN, Page S E 
CL 

Save 331/a% on open stock, all current patterns. Shown, Eloquence, 4-piece place setting, usually 
157.5o, NOW 1o.1.oo. Ask about our Silver Club Plan. Gift Shop, Downtown and North Star Mall. 

LUNT 
STERLING 
FLATWARE 
SALE 

FROST BROS. 
VENEMA 
DALE 

The woman who elects to stay at home to raise her family has received little social support for her de­ cision during the past de­ cade. 
Beyond Feminism 
Part I in a Series 

LOCAL 
HAPPENINGS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

A new way of dressing after dark 
Look important in ’77 

NEW YORK - Last year, it was the tunic over pants. Or a slithery cling of jersey. Or a graceful drape of chiffon. 
But 1977 will be w el­ comed in a different way. 
The wheel of fashion has turned. 

Ii isn 't the woman in so­ m ething quiet and inconspi­ cuous who will garner Ihe at­ tention It s the one in silk that sw ishes, in the dress awash with ruffles or ballooning sleeves, in colors that are lu­ minous. 
It started in Paris last sum­ mer when Yves Saint Laurent presented his rich peasant col- 

BERNADINE MORRIS 

NEW VORK TIMES NEW S SERVICE 

 lection. The sumptuousness of the clothes shattered for a time the reign of understated ele­ gance. 
“Twelve days after the Saint 
Laurent show we showed Oscar de la Renta's big taffeta skirt with the velvet top We sold eight the first day and it cost 
$5oo,” said Kal Ruttenstein, the president of Bonwit Teller. i t ’s never stopped selling.” he went on. " It’s changed wo­ m en’s way of dressing in the evening.” 
By fall, the woman in the big taffeta skirt began stealing the show at narties. 
'in a room full of people, the woman in an understated style 

 has a tough tim e attracting attention,” Bill Blass observed. 
“ It’s hard to get away with a simple chiffon or jersey dress these days. The dress has to look important.” 
The triumph of the big taffeta dress occurred at the opening of the Russian costume exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of 
Art early this month when the real Saint Laurents worn by such women as M anila Agnelli and Jacqueline de Ribes vied with the local designs by the likes of Adolfo, Oscar de la 
Renta and Rasper. 
Grandeur 
The splendor of the museum was matched by the splendor of the clothes. 
Stores are now tilled with versions of the new grandeur. 

(In San Antonio, as well as New 
York!) 
It’s a chance for women in a mood to have fun with clothes to get on the bandwagon while the style is new. 
It needn’t take a king’s ran­ som, though of course it can. 
Ohrbach’s has a shipment of black taffeta sk irts with flounced, ruffled hems or black velvet borders for $19.99. 
It also has the printed peasant blouse, designed to dip negli­ gently off one shoulder, for 
$16.99. 
For the more affluent, there is a pleated gold lame skirt for 
$145 with a shirt to match for 
SKH) 
If price is no object, there is the Bill Blass tafefeta dress over a petticoat with a pleated edge for $95o at A ltm an ’s. 
BLASS b e lieves in swish o f taffeta 

FEATHERED stole adds pizzazz to Adete Simpson’s halter gow n 

’n 
' ' 
:> 

ESTEE LAUDER SAYS, “START THE NEW YEAR WITH A NEW FAGE” 

 irs EAST WITH IHE FACE TREATS. A 28.oo VALVE. VOORS FOR OMV 7.oo WIIK AVV ESIEE LAUDER PURCHASE. The Face Treats, sit gentle ways to be good to your skin, collected for you in their own pale blue case: Creamy Milk Cleanser, Dry Dry Skin Astringent. Swiss Performing 
Extract, All-Day Eye Creme, Night Table Creme and Soft Film Compact Rouge. Youth-Dew Boutique Eau de Parfum Spray, 2 1/4 ounces, 8.5o. 
Bath Oil, 1/2 ounce, 6.oo. Estes Super Cologne Spray, 2 ounces, 11.oo. Aliage Sport Fragrance Spray, 2 I /4 ounces, 11.oo. Order by mail or phone or stop by Cosmetics, Downtown and North Star Mall. 

Christian women set luncheon 

San 
Antonio 
Christian 
Women’s Club will hold a luncheon at 11:3o a.m . 
Thursday in the Canyon 
Creek Country Club. 
Kathy Boyce, counselor and camp director at His 
Hill, Boerne, will speak. 
Music will be by Erica 
F rid ay from T rin id ad , 
West Indies. 
Carla Graham will speak on “ Shaping Up for the 
New Year.” 
M mes. Ja m e s Cornice and Billy Kothmann are taking reservations. 

Fellowship club to meet 

Women’s Aglow Fellow­ ship, San Antonio Night 
Chapter, will meet at 7:3o p m. Tuesday at W yatt’s 
Cafeteria on Loop 41o at 
Broadway. 
Dinner is optional at 6:3o p.m. 
Mrs. Barbara Graeff will be speaker. 
Guests are welcome. 

Moose women will see film 

Women of the Moose 
Chapter No. 1o75 will hold chapter and enrollm ent night at 8 p.m. Tuesday in the Moose Home. 
Mrs. Anninko G rant. child care chairman, will preside. 
A film will be presented on Boysville. 

Woodmen set meet Monday 

Starlite Grove No. 6'89. 
Woodmen of the World, will meet at 7:45 p.m. Monday rn the Crockett Hotel. 
Delegates will be elected for the 
Jurisdictional 
Convention. 
New officers will be in­ stalled at 7 p m. by Mrs. 
Frank Katzmarek, national representative. 

PEO chapter plans program 

Chapter EE. PEO. will meet at IO a m. Wednesday in the home of Mrs. R. W. 
Curtis with 
Mrs. 
M U. 
Lively as cohostess. 
Mrs. K. D. Wolfe will present “ Learning to Know 
PEO.” 

^4 'music man? comes to town 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

Music in general and opera in particular got a crescendo arpeggio when 
Mr. and Mrs. Herald Stark moved to San Antonio from 
Iowa City. 

They settled in their Oak Mea­ dows home just in time for him to b^gin teach in g voice at UTSA. 
Stark retired after 42 years as a faculty m ember at the University of Iowa in .June 
He was head of the Department of Voice in the School of Music and director of the Opera Theater. In addition, he held the Fisher Chair of Opera and was the musical dir­ ector of the S um m er Fine Arts 
Festival Opera that has been go­ ing strong since 195o. 
Through the y ears Stark has conducted 25 operas, and sung in 
15 others. Over 7o of his students have music positions in colleges and universities throughout this country, in P u erto Rico and in 
Norway. 

Austria 

Before moving to San Antonio. 
Stark was in Graz, Austria, as a m em ber of the voice faculty of the 
A m erican In stitu te of M usical 
Studies of Dallas. 
Last sum m er he took one of his students, Cheryl Binman, to Graz in preparation for her debut in 
“ Ariadne auf Naxos” . She will sing the role of Zerbinetta in this 
Richard Strauss opera in March. 
A nother s tu d e n t. C o n stan za 

Cucearo, will star in a film pro­ duction of “ Rigletto” in the role of 
Gilda la ter th is m onth. Rom an 
Polanski was stage director of the opera in Munich last fall in a very successful production. Miss Cuc- caro won the M etropolitan audi­ tions in 1967 and is now a m ember of the Deutsche Oper Berlin Com­ pany. 
Students 
How did San Antonio capture such a musical giant as Stark? 
Dr. Gordon Lam b, head of the 
M usic D e p a rtm e n t at UTSA, earned his doctorate of musical arts from the University of Iowa during Stark’s tenure. 

In addition, Nancy (Mrs. Gor­ don) L am b w as a stu d e n t of 
Stark's. Another student, Howard 
Bensel, sings with the New York 
City Opera Company. Louise Rus­ sell was with that company until she branched out on h er own. 
Stark changed her voice from mezzo to soprano. 
Other students will arrive early this year to study with Stark. Be­ sides teaching full time at UTSA, 

 he also has private students in his home studio. 
Over the holidays, two of the 
S tark s’ children w ere visitors. 
Philip, a Ph.D. in geology from the 
University of Wisconsin, came in from Denver where he is director of m anagem ent system s for P e ­ troleum Information. 
Philadelphia 

.lanann arrived from Iowa City, where she is a secretary in the 
Department of Radiology at the 
University Hospitals. She attended 
Arizona State University and the 
University of Iowa. 
T h eir other d a u g h te r, Linda 
(M rs. D en n is) S te in b e rg , r e ­ m ained in Philadelphia. A g r a ­ duate of Boston University, she was a fa­ shion m erchandiser in Brooklyn until her husband was transferred by Climbers Stores to its Philadel­ phia location. 
Besides, she’s going to make grandparents of the Starks in F e­ bruary. 
Twin Cities 
A holiday visitor in the home of the J i m 
H am b y s w as th e ir daughter, Nancy, who has been living in Minneapolis since her graduation from Webster College in St. Louis. 
Nancy majored in English and drama, and decided to move to the 
Twin Cities area because of all the theaters located there. In the two years she has lived there she has acted in plays in three theaters 
('lasses in acting, ballet and voice occupy a major part of her time. 

“ Between engagem ents” Nancy finds part tim e work. Most re ­ cently she was a typesetter for a firm that publishes books on the occult. 
For her parents. Nancy brought along a copy of “ Metropolis", a weekly Minneapolis paper that asked her and se v e ra l o th er n ew c o m ers, 
‘‘Why 
Are 
You 
Here?” 

Her published answer was. “ I can take my classes and audition for plays. The prices are reasona­ ble. so I can see a couple of plays a week on a part-time salary.” 

Audition 

An in-depth personality sketch was also printed along with a full-length picture of the budding actress. The writer called Nancy 
“ a young Katherine Hepburn.” 
It gives her something to shoot for. After Nancy left San Antonio, she went to Houston for a visit with her sister, Kathy (Mrs. Michael 
D.) Clark. She ll see more rela­ t i v e s 'in Dallas before heading back for Minneapolis. 
Another San Antonio actress, 
Pat Penwell, already has it made as Tracey in long-running TV d ra­ ma. “The Edge of Night” . Known as Patricia Carney when she was attending Trinity University, Pat is the daughter of the E. B. Cas- tros. 
She and the stars of five other soap operas will be in Austin Jan. 
25 to appear in “ First Person Sin­ gular.” The Castros are planning to take a group of P a t’s friends up for the show. 
NEWCOMERS to the university scene, Mr. and Mrs. Herald 
Stark 

Dr. Thosteson welcomes reader mail but regrets that, due to the tremendous volume received daily, he is linable to answer individual letters. Readers’ questions are incorporated in his co­ lumn whenever possible. 
Stay with diet 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
I have a high c h o lestero l count and am on a diet for it. 
Is it possible that when my cholesterol is normal I will be able to resume my regular diet? — Mrs. C.M. 

 lf your form er diet got you where you are now, it can put you there again. 
Yes. I d say you’d have to continue with the suggested cholesterol-lowering diet. 

You know , your body m anufactures cholesterol regardless of diet. Some folks p ro d u ce too m uch cholesterol n ecessitatin g the food (fats) restrictions to keep it as low as possible. 

You may find my booklet on cholesterol helpful in working out the reasonable long-range low-cholesterol diet for yourself. For a copy, send 35 cents to me in ca re of th is n e w sp a p e r along w ith a sta m p e d , self-addressed envelope. 

Balli 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
I have been hearing about how bubble baths can cause vaginitis in young girls. Is there any evidence for this? 
I am a 15-year-old girl who has been ta k in g bubble baths ever since I can re­ m e m b e r. 
Should 
I be worried? — AAV- 

Some bubble baths con­ tain chemicals that may be irritating to the external genitals of little girls. It is really not an infection. lf you have had no trouble with the brand you are us­ ing, there is no objection to continuing its use 
As to evidence, I can provide a firsthand experience. 
My granddaughter let out a cry of irritation when she was dunked into a tub con­ taining a bubble bath. It was a new b ra n d her m other had recently p u r­ chased Prom pt rinsing re­ lieved the irritation. 
Children seem to enjoy the prodigious mountains of bubbles created. The bub­ bles also diminish the ring around the tub. Except for these two advantages I see nothing p a rtic u la rly useful in bubble baths 

Laurel (Juh . la hold meet 

The Laurel Club will meet at It) 3o a in Tuesday in the 
Bright Shawl 
Mrs. W. R Harris will be hostess. 

SPEND 

A LITTLE 

TIME 

WITH US 

 ll IS GOING TO BE A WHEE OF A VEAR. WE’RE GETTING VOO ON THE RIGHT BEAM WITH 

SAVINGS To1/2 THROUGHOUT THE STORE. DOWNTOWN, NORTH STAR MATE. FROST BROS. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
Adventure fills the Feldstone calendar 

How would you de­ scribe your family? 
For the 
Chuck 
(Charles) Feldstones, try active, interesting, lively, spicy, enriched, enthusiastic uncom­ mon, varigated, mo­ saic or kaleidoscopic. 
That's a good start. 
Chuck says, 
“ I’ve never met another fam ily like ours. It’s am azing that a group with such different interests can stick together so w ell.” 
And his wife Bobbie says, 
•‘Som ething new happens everyday when you’re m ar­ ried to C huck. W ith the children now on the run — you have to keep up the pace or you’re left behind. I love it.” 
Their “ rec” room is a p erfec t ex am p le of th e ir 

ALL IN THE 
FAMILY 

 m ulti-activities. 
Working, playing and relaxing areas hold p ro jects in progress and handy su p p lie s. 
T h e re ’s no need to stick an y th in g in a d ra w e r or closet afte r each w orking session. 
The Feldstones have been m arried 18 years and have 

Holiday 
Clearance 

Save 

 new reductions on beautiful groups of 

• Dresses 

• Sportswear • Suits 

• Formals • Juniors 

• Coats • Accessories 

• Lingerie 

((til sates final) 

 f a ult urn? 

5 3 o 3 Broadway 
8 3 8 -8 3 8 6 

 th ree ch ild ren , Ju lie , 17, 
Vicki, 14, and Gregg, 12. 
Chuck 
Chuck has been m anager of the Behavioral Science 
Section at Southw est R e­ search Institute for a year and a half. 
The famed “ smoking ba­ boons” are in his d ep art­ ment. Other anim al studies in clu d e e ffe c ts of m i­ crowave radiation on rats and retraining war dogs for peace jobs. 
Chuck was born in Wa­ shington, D. C. His Dad, 
“ who spoke eight or IO lan­ g u ag e s,” ran an antique shop in Georgetown. He re­ m em bers evening conver­ sa tio n s th e re w ith w e ll­ known political and social figures. 
When he w as seven or eight, his family moved to 
New York. He later attend­ ed the Bronx High School of 
Science. After getting his degree in electrical engin­ eering from MIT, he decid­ ed he didn’t like it. 
A sm all exposure of ex­ p e rim e n ta l psychology from W arren Bennis, who later became the president of Cincinnati 
University, turned his interest. He stu­ died at Queen’s College and got his doctorate from Yale sp e c ia liz in g in a n im a l s tu d ie s, w ith c h ild re n ’s stu d ie s at U n iv ersity of 
Connecticut. 
He taught psychology for four years at University of 
Connecticut and graduate school. In 1967. he cam e to teach in Trinity University. 
He worked with T rin ity ’s com puter system and urban data base. 
“ I find that in my job at 
SWRI, I’m still teaching,” 
Chuck says. “ I teach com- 
. puter to other em ployees 
J and, of course, every step of 

* research is learning.” 
Chuck and Bobbie love to play tennis. 
He’s a science fiction buff and the whole family reads alm ost every spare m om ent. “ We buy a new bookcase once a y e a r .” 
Bobbie laughs. 
“ And my project list is 2o miles long,” Chuck adds. 
Besides professional or­ ganization m em b ersh ip s. he has helped the Jew ish 
F am ily S e rv ic e s, M an ­ power Advisory Board for 
Alamo Area Council of Clo­ ver n m en ts, and the F ree 
Clinic. 
When possible, at his own expense, he takes one of his children along to sightsee while he’s on business trips. 
In W ashington, he can give them a hometown tour. 
Tucked in th eir m em ory banks are things like be- hind-the-scene looks at the 
Sm ithsonian In stitu te na- 

THE CHUCK FELDSTONES, Gregg, Vicki and Julie 
PHOTO BV RON JONES 

 tural science d epartm ent and a cam era trip to the 
H irschhorn M useum and 
Sculpture Garden. 

Bobbie 
Bobbie, born in the Bronx attended the Music and Art 
High 
School, m ajoring in sculpture. Among her sch o o lm ates w ere Susan 
Strasberg, Diahann Carroll, 
Billy Dee W illia m s and 
Peter Yarrow (of Peter, 
Paul and Mary fam e). 
Bobbie was 12 and Chuck 
15, the first tim e they met at a public sw im m ing pool. 
Bobbie said then. “ T hat’s 
(who I'm going to m arry .” 
They were am ong three m arried couples who g ra ­ d u ated to g e th e r from 
Q ueen 's C ollege. A New 
York new spaper wrote an article about them : “ How to 
Im prove Your G rades — 
Get M arried and Stay Home and Study.” 
While 
Chuck went to 
Yale. Bobbie continued her music studies with Roberta 
P e te rs and W illiam H er­ man. 
After the Urban Studies program at Trinity U niver­ sity she interned with AA- 

NOW! OUR 
ONCE-A-WINTER 

FEATURING FAMOUS BRANDS! ti/ 
_ 
. r- 
‘ - 
- 
' 
‘ 
For C hildren: 
S tride R ite , S p a rk le Toes, S im p le *, Z u lick, 
DI B ra z il & Lazy Bones! 

For Ladies’ A Teens: 
V a n ili, S .R .O ., B a n d o lin e *, F a m o la re , B ern a rd o , 
Shoes ’n S tu ff, Bass A N in a! 

COG. Three years ago she decided to use her teaching c e rtific a te and began at 
E m erson M iddle School. 
S h e’s now at 
E dison teaching choral and Am eri­ can History. 
A m em ber of the Bejar 
Opera W orkshop, she has presented solos at Tem ple 
Beth El and St. M a rk ’s 
Episcopal C hurch. She is directing the 
Tem ple’s 
Youth Choir in which Gregg sings. 
“ I’ve found I like working w ith people m uch b e tte r than with p ap er,” Bobbie says. 
She helped the hearing and n o n -h e a rin g E dison students give a C hristm as concert. 
“ My love of sculpturing is a never changing interest,” 
Bobbie says. She has stu­ died u n d er a n u m b er of te a c h e rs in c lu d in g L uis 
Guzman. 
Throughout the house, 
B obbie and V icki have beautiful sam ples of their works. 
Bobbie is also a m em ber of San Antonio Council of 
Jewish Women, profession­ al teachers organizations, and T exas C horal D irec­ tors. 
“ I’m not an avid women’s libber,” she says, “ but I im press on m> girl students to set high goals and expect equal pay for equal jobs.” 
C h u c k ’s m o th e r, S a ra 
Feldstone, retired from an adm inistrative job with the 
Social Security D epartm ent in W ashington, D. C., and lives in San Antonio. She fills iii fo r B obbie w ith 
“ m o th e rly ” concern and em erg en c y c a re for the children. 
Julie is a busy Churchill senior enrolled in the en­ riched program . She s also in the N ational Honor So-1 

 ciety, Germ an Club and a cappella choir and the all­ city Youth Chorale. 
A snappy gym nist, she was on the Class II, 15-18 year old girls team which won first place in winning the State Gym nastic cham ­ p io n sh ip in K in g sv ille. 
With five years of lessons from San Antonio Gym nas­ tic School, she has taught at the Downtown YWCA, Ran­ dolph AFB and JCC. 
Julie is a m em ber of San 
A ntonio 
F e d e ra tio n of 
Tem ple Youth at Tem ple 
Beth El. 
She teaches art to differ­ ent grade levels at Tem ple 
Beth El. 
Julie has applied for en­ tra n c e to the A ir F o rce 
A cadem y and w ill know 

 soon if sh e has been no­ m inated. If she m akes it, 
V icki m ay follow in h er footsteps. 
Batiks are Ju lie’s hobby and she has designed some outstanding examples. 
She is one of only two who wrote their own Bat Mits- vah service at her tem ple. 
She w as a n o m in ee for 
Youth and Religion during the recent O ptim ists youth 
Appreciation Week. 
Her Dad likes dragons so she designed a crewel em ­ broidered one for his office. 
Vicki sculpted a detailed m asterpiece of a dragon. 

Vicki 
Vicki is a 
Churchill freshm an. She’s a m em ber of the Junior Varsity swim 

 team with a stringer full of medals. 
“ She’s a straight A kid,” her Dad adds. She also is in th e e n ric h e d p ro g ra m , plays th e flute and loves art. 
She too, is study­ ing with Luis Guzman. She likes to m ake u tilita ria n works of art. 
T he g irls m ak e h a n d ­ m ade C hristm as gifts for th e ir C h ristia n frie n d s. 
They m ade b rea d dough 
C hristm as tree ornam ents and last year ceram ic door nam e plates. 
She is active in the tem ple youth groups. 
“ I like sp o rts, re a d in g scier.ce-fiction, bike riding to 
Northeast 
Preserve, sk atin g and w earing m y b o y frien d s’ h a ts ,” V icki laughs. 
Gregg 
Sixth grader, Gregg, at­ tends E isenhow er M iddle 
High and plays the bassoon in the Eisenhower band. A band project is to build an instrum ent. Taking shape in the garage is a fram e of v a ry in g le n g th s of ste e l pipes on cord. A strike of a m allet brings the high and low notes into play. 
G regg is a m em ber of 
BEST, tem ple youth group, w hich holds m onthly so ­ cials. He w ill attend H e­ brew School until he cele­ brates his Bar Mitsvah at 
13. He is a m em ber of the 
Junior High Group at JCC which has an exchange trip program with other young­ sters. 
He p lay s so c c e r for 
Eisenhower and swam for two years at San Antonio 
College and has a num ber of swim m ing m edals. He also enjoyed camp. 
M odel b u ild in g is h is hobby and his room holds the USS Am erica, a viking ship, a Spanish galleon, the 
E nterprise and m any intri­ cate replicas of transporta­ tion. The USS Constitution is underway in the rec room — and details such as 
55 cannons will keep him busy until sum m er. 
The Feldstones live on a merry-go-round of activity and adventure. And no one wants it to slow down. 
NEXT WEEK: Meet the 
W eissnians 

Vc$ 
Clearance urVLotf z 

F a l l anp v v / n t e p - 

C r tL D R E N -^ 

-=>TCO - INFAKTb Ute*) 
M-. iou stoic ma 
MeCOu^axiM • -n tq r^ o 

CHILDREN’S SHOES 

VALUES FROM 13.95 TO 2 3 .9 5 
• INFANTS 4 V i-8 • CHILD’S 8V5-1 2 
• MISSES’ 12 

NOW 1 A 
PRICE 

GROWING GIRLS’ 4 V i-9 , VALUES TO 23.95 
BIG BOYS’ 4 V i-9, VALUES TO 2 9 .9 5 

NOW 
PRICE 

LADIES’ & TEENS’ 
DRESS & CASUAL SHOES 
VALUES FROM 16.95-38.95 

NOW 
PRICE 

RIGHT NOW g et m ore fashion per dollar during our JA NUARY SALE! 
And YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT! S p en d your C hristm as gift m oney wisely on fashtonable WINTER STY L E S th a t a re GREATLY REDUCED' 
HURRY IN for g reat values you'll find th ALL DEPARTM ENTS! 

COATS 59.9o to 129.9o 
Flog 8o. to 16o. 
Special group of wools in street length and pant length styles, assorted colors. 

MISSES SPORTSWEAR 

BLOUSES 8.99 & 1o.99 
Reg 15 to 2o. 
PANTS 
1o.99 
. 18. to 2o. 

TERS 
1 /3 O FF 

CO-ORDINATES 1 /3 - 1 /2 O FF and more 

LINGERIE 
Long Gowns. reg. 2o 1 6.99 
Long or short brushed gowns and pajamas . 2 5 % OFF 
Long or short Robes , assorted color fleece . 2 5% O FF 

TUE -SHOE DOX 

NORTH STAR • WONDERLAND • NEW IN WINDSOR PARK MALL 

HANDBAGS 
9.99 to 19.9o 
Reg 16 to 31. 
Suedes, vinyls, leathers and some canvas styles. 

MISSES DRESSES 
A select group now 
25% to 4o% O FF 

JUNIOR DRESSES 
Reg. 38. now only 1 9 .9 o 

HATS 
1/3 O FF 
Felts in fashionable new styles anc smart fall colors. Hurry for you. choice! 

Not in a i stores 

JUNIOR SPORTSWEAR 

 up to 5 o % O FF 
Guachos, Skrts, Blouses, Tops. 
Sweaters. Pants, Jeans, 
Jumpsuits and Co-ordinates. 
Come see! 

PANTSUITS 

1 9 . 9 o to 7 9 . 9 o 
Values from 48 to 11o. 
Tw o-piece and three-piece styles, assorted fabrics, many Famous Makers! 

 rA T czryo s Ca C^Code 

• QmotVmni • Wotidt/lond • Military f tu ti • Btwtti S te • SmduM h ull 

KOSE SPECTOR 

AMY CARTER 

5>an A n ton io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d a y Ja n u a ry 2 1 9 7 7 

Making resolutions in S.A. 

‘O.P.’ SCHNABEL 

JOYCE PETERS 

A front page without mentioning the President's daughter is my wish for the 
New Year, and it will pro­ bably be ignored. 
Is it futile to hope th a t Amy 
C arter will m ak e headlines only once a week? 
T he th o u g h t of th e “ No c o m ­ m en t” kid giving a press confer­ ence in her classroom is enough to m ak e m e b reak a fam ily tr a ­ dition and vote Republican in the 
198o election. 
T h e copy d esk a lr e a d y loves 
A m y . K id s a r e c u te on an y p ap er’s front page — especially if they live in the White House and d a re to escalate the price of le­ monade. 
Amy has a no ther thing in her favor — her nam e. Short nam es are gold to headline w riters. With ju s t th re e le tte r s , Amy w ill fit easily into a tight space. 
Oh, why couldn’t she have been a Mary M arg aret? 
My wish, like most New Y ear s w ishes and resolutions, is trivial. 
But the banal tradition of m a k ­ ing resolutions is a soothing acti­ vity for recovering from the holi­ days. 
B esides 1977 will b ring fresh faces on the W ashington scene, perhaps enough of them to shove 

By 
NANCY 
SCOTT JONES 

Amy onto page two. 
To co ntin ue the trad itio n , s e ­ veral 
San 
A ntonians w ere asked to give the Express-N ew s their idiosyncratic hopes for the 
New Year. 
S an 
A n to n io 
S y m p h o n y m an ag e r, Nat G reen b erg , vows 
“ to stop chasing g irls.” With that hobby halted, he intends to intro­ duce m ore San Antonians to the symphony. 

“ I ’ll try to do m y l>est to keep the sym phony on a high level anil to play for as m an y people as p ossible.” G re e n b e rg says, “ lf anyone finds fault with that, let them hang m e .” 
Ju d g e Rose S pecter of B exar 
County Court-at-Law No. 5. will 

 us** 1977 for long-term planning. i ’m starting preparatio ns for the T ricen ten nial!” 
Mrs. V U. McNutt, ran ch er and philanthropist, has a long list of 
New Y ear's wishes. 
Pioneers 

The 88-year-old Texan and her husband were two of the cou ntry’s oil p io n e e rs . W hen th ey first bought the G allag he r R anch in the ’2os. they til mini it into a dude ran ch , th at a ttra c te d socialites and s ta rs alike, including Will 
Rogers and Lily Pons. 
Now Mrs M cN utt’s two favorite professions a re g a rd e n in g and cooking. Her New Y e ar’s wishes include the cows and the kitchen. 
“ I hope every day will be hap­ pier than the one just lived, and that each day will tiring a toast of green g ra s s and w a te r for the cows,” shi' says. 
“ I hope the in sects find the ranch brush m ore to their liking than my rose leaves, that the weeds in my garden hear what I say and wither quickly, and that my flowers burst into unbelieva­ ble bloom s." 
Mrs. McNutt continues, “ May m y d elig h tfu l and m e c h a n ic a l friends g ath er around my festive kitchen to see if they can operate all the gift g a d g ets.” 

B e x a r 
C o u n ty 
D e m o c r a t i c 
C hairm an, Jo y ce P e te rs, needs 
1977 to catch up on housework left over from the c am pa ign year. 
She m ay never get it done, be­ cause h er m ain resolution for the year is political. 
“ I w ant to keep D e m o c ra tic head qu arters open and operating w ith an a d e q u a t e s t a f f 
— som ething th a t’s never been done before in non-elect ion y e a rs . ” says Bexar County’s top politico for ’78. 
Francine, one of the city ’s top professional models, has four de­ m ands for the New Y ear 
“ I hopi* Yves Saint I>aurent’s peasant fantasies die a slow pain­ ful d eath ,” says the fashion pro. 

“ I want all-night television for those tim es when th e re ’s nothing to do after 12:3o p.m . — and a really good su p p er club on the river.” 
S he’s also d ream in g of “ panty hose that never r u n !” 
“ O .P .” Schnabel ex p ects big things in 1977 from fellow re si­ dents. 

“ I want all 83o,(MIU San Anton inns to be beauty bugs instead of stinking litter b u g s.” 
"W e c a n ’t com pete with Hous­ ton’s dollars, but we can in beau­ ty!" Imasts “ O .P .” 
And wishes in Washington 

While all of us wish that '77 will bring us blessings from heaven in the form of peace and prosperity, our personal wishes are as different as Rosalynn 
Carter is from so ­ m eone like, say, Liz 
Hay. 
• 
M a ry 
H oy t, 
M rs. 
C a rte r s p re s s s e c r e ta r y , says “ I would like to be less one-dimensional in 1977 and have m ore tim e for family, friends, tennis, yoga, cook­ ing and music. 
“ This isn t exactly a pipe dre am 
I would have a lot 

 m ore tim e if I d id n ’t have to squelch ru m o rs that Ro­ salynn C arter’s going to sit in on all of her h u sb an d 's cabinet m eetin g s and that 
Amy is secretly enrolled in a certain private school for g irls.” 
T h e s to r y th a t k e e p s crop pin g into p rin t in W a­ s h in g to n t h a t A m y w ill e n te r N atio n a l C a th e d ra l 
School for Girls next fall is 
“ total fan tasy ,” said M rs. 
Hoyt, who called Stevenson 
School, w here Amy will go, 
“ th e m o st i m m a c u l a t e school I have ever been in I am told it won the cleanli­ ness aw ard for four v ears." 

• Alejandro Orfila. host 

How To Handle Our W eaknesses 
A t the very outset, let us realize that the human body has a value as the casket for a precious jewel. It is like a carefully set clock that keeps ex­ cellent time, but if it is carelessly m ed d led with, the alarm runs out before the hour. There are two ex­ treme errors that poison the body. The first is that the body is merely a tool for pleasure and is our gift to use only to provide thrills. The other mistake is that when our body suffers death, the soul perishes along with it. The first belief prompts man to conveniently yield to physical sensations while the other error creates boredom and encourages suicide. 
Man must realize that each of us has a weakness. 
Just how he handles his weakness, such as over in­ dulgence in smoking, drinking, lust, night life; or even casual indulgence in dishonesty, insincerity or 
"I don't care" habits—all will determine his future. 
Each of us fights many daily battles until we pass on but we must not be overcome or even depressed. 
HABITS 
Since we are matured adults, let’s know that no man suddenly becomes bad. It just doesn't come natural to our soul. First we make our habits, then our habits make us. A habitual weakness must become domesticated; we simply attach it to our home life or affairs. The first drink or cigarette or promiscuous act requires an effort that eventually is followed by regret Now there is an antidote for each such poison and we know it. Some men turn their backs to it or throw it down the drain. He alone is to be blamed tor the poison that remains in his body merely because he refuses the remedy 
Create a Diet 
I firmly believe that inside of every fat man is a thin man trying to be freed Too often he fails to escape because of a failure to diet. Neglect, growing hunger for alcohol and tobacco, obesity, un­ controlled passion; like a deadly reptile continue to creep on irom day to day. Our lamp of hie is allowed to smoke, flicker and finally go out. 
Both our body and soul have before it a wondrous destiny Let us live in this world as princes live in ex­ pectation of the throne, with all the diet of care and concern and honor that its kingdom demands. It is time that we realize that he who does not believe in a future Ufo must take this one most seriously for he will never have a next one. Let us realize too that since this world is our preparation lor the next, we can enjoy both better. 
“From this editor to each of you, may you enjoy a healthy, happy and prosperous new year." 
Ted O'Krent 
Do It Yourself Carpet Cleaning 
There are 2 popular “do it yourself” cleaning methods The Dry Method and the Wet Shampoo. 
Dry cleaning involves such powder cleansers as 
Powaerenes or 
Glamorene. 
First sprinkle the powder on, next brush it in. then vacuum it off. The wet method applies a liquid shampoo like Bissel's. 
This is mixed with water and placed into a manually powered applicator that handles like an old time sweeper. A white detergent foam is created that easily and beautifully removes soil, The following day, your vacuum sweeper removes the dry suds and you are left with a surprisingly clean carpet. 
Next Week 
We will discuss: "Protective measures that let your carpet live lovelier longer.” Until then, think this over; "Some people are no good at counting calories-and have the figures to prove it." 

In q uire A bout 

 s u p e r i o r a n d s e c r e t a r y general of the OAS, says, “ I wish that in 1977 all Latin 
A m erican countries and the 
U nited S ta te s w ould sign the h u m an rig h ts co n v e n ­ tion n e g o tia te d IO y e a r s ago. We h e a r c o m p la in ts abo ut v iolatio n of h u m a n rig h ts in L atin A m e ric a n c o u n tr ie s , h u t ex c e p t for 
C olom bia and Costa Rica, no o th e r c o u n tr ie s — in ­ cluding the United States — have signed the A m erican 
C o n v e n tio n w h ic h w o uld better g uarantee protection of the rights of indivi­ du als.” 
How about that? We are fo re v e r s c r e a m i n g a b o u t to rtu re in South A m erican jails, yet we won t sign the d o c u m e n t t h a t o u r ow n 
C om m ission on U .S.-Latin 
A m e ric a n R e la tio n s sa y s would be a deterrent to that kind of horror. 
Turn ult uoiih 
• Barbara W alters’s w ish is short, sim ple and u n d er­ standable. “ What I hope for is a year not quite as tu ­ multuous as last y e a r.” 
It’s a co m m entary on our t i m e s th a t o u t s t a n d i n g achievem ent by a w om an could cau se such tu m u lt. 
Every one of B a rb a ra ’s in­ terviews, however su c cess­ ful, revealing and high ra t­ ed, was dissected, analyzed and criticized in a way that none of W alter C ronkite’s, or any o th e r m a le ’s, h as ev e r been. 
• R icca rd o T h o m a s, 
White House photographer for 2 x2 y e a r s w ho w a s brought from T im e m ag by 
P r e s i d e n t F o r d ’s p h o to ­ g ra p h e r D avid K en n erle, hopes that 1977 will see the start of his book on African governm ents. 
A black him self, Ricky h a s b e e n to IO A fric a n countries on five different trips and until the book is under way he w ants to lake photographs in Africa for trade m agazines of co rp o r­ ations having business over there 
"If C arter says you re one of the people leaving,” says 
Ricky, “ I want to he able to move smoothly out and do this assignm ent for corpor­ a tio n s . T h e n w h e n p u b ­ lishers are ready I w ill con­ centrate on the book only. I will not do the text. I will get re p u ta b le A frican e x ­ perts to w rite on each go­ vernm ent, then I will do the phi trigraphs.” 
It is needed, he thinks, and will fill a void. It m ight 
In* used in schools and col­ leges . . . A slight, young m an with a w inning grin and friendly m ann er. T ho­ m as would m ake friends for 
A m erica in Africa, 

Betty 
Beale’s 
Washington 
Letter 9 

 ning. C o n tra c e p tiv e s a re sold w ith v e g e ta b le s and h o u s e w a re s in th e little boats of the floating m a r ­ kets and shopkeepers and sc h o o lte a c h e rs d is tr ib u te them. 
“ D ue to his g ra s s ro o ts approach he now has over 
125.o(1(1 users The m inistry of health is so pleased they are going to fund the pro­ g r a m fo r th e e n t i r e co untry.” 
Remain 
• G erm an A m bassador 
Berndt von Staden has no hesitancy in expressing his personal wish for 1977. “ My personal wish is to stay in 
Washington. 
“ F i r s t of a ll, i t ’s an extrem ely friendly environ­ ment and secondly, it s the most fascinating post in the d iplom atic world. Its o u t­ look is m ore global than any other place. W henever so­ m e t h in g h a p p e n s in th e world it reflects on A m eri­ can policy. I like the social life, too, because I know of no other place so open, so a c c e ss ib le , w h e re people com m unicate so freely with each oth er.” 
• Arthur 
Burns, c h a ir­ m an of the F ederal R eserve 
Board, says, “ I wish that 
President C arter could a n ­ 

 nounce before the end of hts term that the inflation rate is down to zero. I t’s h a p ­ pened before. It happened from 1952 to ‘58, and it was alm o st zero from 1958 to 
■84.” 
His person al wish is to 
“ attend the w edding of one of my boys. I have two ba­ chelor sons in their 3os, one an economist, one an a tto r­ ney. Helen w ants them to get m a rrie d .” 
• Am bassador Abdullah 
Salah of Jo rd an wishes "th e 
United States would regain m oral leadership c om m en ­ su rate with its m ilitary, po­ litical, economic and scien­ tific m ight so that the forces of that m oral leadership would be instilled into its a d m in is tra tio n of foreign a f f a ir s to b rin g a b o u t a s e ttle m e n t in th e M iddle 
East. T he A rabs a re now w illin g to a r r i v e a t a settlem en t." 
• E tty A lle n , s a u c y 
F r e n c h w ife of c o a c h 
G eorge Allen of the Reds kins, holies “ G eorge keeps d rin k in g his m ilk , k eep s licking his fingers, and we have m ore victory dinners at Duke Z eibert’s .” 
As for that habit of lick­ in g h is f i n g e r s w h ile w a tc h in g a g a m e , s h e doesn’t re m e m b e r him do­ ing it when they were m a r ­ ried. “ I did n’t give him the ch ance.” 
• Ardesbir Zahedi, from o il-ric h I r a n , th e b e s t ­ known a m b a s a a d o r in the country, says, “ I would like to s e e m o r e r e a l understanding between our people and the people of the 
U nited S tates, and to see your country stand on its own feet and not rely on any co u n try for yo ur e n erg y . 
A nd it w ou ld k e e p you stronger, happier and econ­ om ically b e tte r off if you didn t w aste it.” 
ZALES 

• Im port*ut bookit*! on 
H(*r|M*i I* rt*” 
• O 'k r r a t S p r* k rr ’» Bu#«-«u 

• Phono-. W rite, o r Vkiil 
T ed O’k r r n l 
• JOO Son P e d ro • 227-7.W . 

Planning 

• Wendy Morgan, beau­ tiful wife of fo rm e r c o m ­ m entator E d w ard M organ and one of the socially pro­ m inent B u rd en fam ily of 
New York, has a wish that em b races the world. 
A m em b er of the gov ern­ ing body of International 
P la n n e d P a r e n t h o o d F e ­ deration, she says, “ I wish th e new a d m i n i s t r a t i o n w ould a p p r o a c h f a m ily planning p ro g ram s for the poor in A m erica as well as in foreign countries with as m u c h e n th u s ia s m and e f­ fectiveness as Dr. M echai 
V ir a v a id y a h a s d o n e in 
'Thailand. 
He introduced the slogan 
‘Too Many Children Make 
You P o o r’ and p ut it on 
T -sh irti, b u m p e r stick ers, babies’ m ilk bottles, every­ where. Mechai has brought birth control out into the open. 
“ Poor Thai fam ilies can rent a pair of water buffalo 
(th e ir eq u iv a len t to our tractors) for half price if they take up fam ily plan- 

Hooked on the hammered look 
14 karat gold earrings 

Your choice 
$59 88 

For those aware of fashion these are the newest looks. 

Open a Zale* account or use one of five national credit plans 
Im leu Revolving ( Serge • Zele* Cullom C Serge 
B tn k A m v rk jrd • M eeter C harge • A m eriten L iprw * 
Omen Club • C arte Blanche • Layaway 

• 4oo1. HOUSTON 
Wjm 
A 
■ 
P 
« l 
• NORTH SIM MAU 

• I I 4 L HOUSTON d f c f c f i i i i M T • * * * » " * * * 

• u r b * aunt 
The Diamond Store 
• MNMOaNM 
MuelrHoen WMrgU 

Ulonuuib Slum 

O a* I £ ami at. JI I am a t ate a* C a MV aa IiaaLfeasaa* 
Half and Larga Size fashions 

Special! 
K nee-H igh 
Hosiery 
3 l»r- 

7.V l*r. 
He^. 1.oo 

SIZ E S McMillin, l,a r g c 

 l lii* perfect hose to wear w 11 Ii your winter pants. iii#* anil extra wide widths, long and extra long lengths aud with comfortable elasticized tops. ( H ny Ion in I rue 
B eige or Misty Taupe. 
Stork up now and SAN E! 

Pant SPECIAL! 
9.99 to 12.99 

KEIL *15 lo #1o 

SIZES 3 6 to 3 2 

SAVE 1/3! Select from a variety of pant styles in solid and pattern polyester, pre-w ashed eof ton denim jeans and ealeuttas to mix or match with your favorite tofts. 
Available in a wide assortm ent of wanted colors. 

NO. RAIN AVL/NOKTII STAR RALL/R1L1TARY OK. PL AZ A/WONDERLAND 

Ako la (A rp* I b r Mi u t Hwhmmi 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday January 2 1977 

 yo u r b e a u ty . p a g e + + + yo u r b e a u ty p a ge + + + your b e a u ty p a g e + + + your b e a u ty p age + + > yo u r beauty p a ge rFifty pounds is my goal 

If your resolution for the 
New Year is a brand-new body, and you’re d e t e r ­ mined to make it stick this time, then accept the fact that it’s going to take time and effort. 

That time will seem less te­ dious, however, if you use it to good advantage geting ready for the “ new you." Here are some tips: 

DKAK JE N N IF E R : I am nor- 

By 
JENNIFER 
ANDERSON 

 ribly overweight. Fifty pounds is my goal, and this time I’m going to do it. I want to start changing my appearance right now. 
I'm sick of saying I’m too fat to 

 make now to prove to myself and others that this time I mean business? — Janice T., Chicago, 
III 
The “ I can’t do anything until I lose this weight” syndrome is a popular notion and, although I wouldn't suggest dashing out to buy a new wardrobe yet, there is a lot of work to be done that you can start today. 
Once you see how much better you look by making these be attractive, and trying to wait__ until I ’m thin to do anything with changes, it will help you stick to myself. I’ve been waiting for six that diet more religiously, years! 
Are there some changes I can 
SKIN CAKE — Texture and co 

 hiring of the skin won t change when you’re thin, so now is the time to initiate a daily program to refine and cleanse the skin. 
Use cleansing cream, soap and water, skin freshener and mois­ turizer morning and night. Start using a facial mask, twice weekly. 

Practice 
Choose your new make-up co­ lors now. Match a foundation base to your skin tone. Choose a blusher for cheeks and an eye­ shadow shade that plays up the color of your eyes. 
HAIK CARE — If your hair is 

 fine, straight,, frizzy or coarse, it’s not likely to change its ha­ bit when you are thin. Condition it regularly and have it trimmed frequently to get it all one length. 
Practice blowing it dry; try a roller set or electric curlers. 
Ix*arn how to handle it like a pro. 
Keep the final styling for the icing on the cake — when you have reached your goal. 
Be perfectly groomed every day. Start taking care of your fingernails. If you’ve been neg­ lecting dental work, cosmetic or otherwise, do it now! 
This time you’re going to do it! 

The Bargains are Here! The Bargains are Here 

^ 
\ i 

6 
STARTS 
3rd 

FULL BOLTS...FIRST QUALITY...6o” WIDE 
EXCITING NEW GROUP OF TRANSITIONAL PATTERNS 
CO-ORDINATING SOLIDS AND FANCIES 
1 o o % POLYESTER 
$ | 59 

WE DISCOUNT All 
Patterns & Notions 
EVERY D A Y 

DOUBLE 
KNITS 

F U U 
PIECE 

YO 
PRICE 

7 
o 
CUT TO 

 w 
ORDER 
YD 
PRICE 

HOOTIN’ TOOTIN’ VALUE FOR 1977 ... FIRST 
QUALITY LINEN LOOK PRINTED DRAPERY 

FLANNEL 

S O M E P r in t o d - M o s t ly S o lid s 

G O O D SELECTION 

4 8 ” W IDE 
5 9 % LINEN 4 1 % COTTON 
99 

 p 
FULL 

* 
PIECE 
YD 
PRICE 88 

C FULL 
PIECE y d . PRICE 

o9 

YD 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 
< 

CUT 

FULL BOLTS...6o” W IDE...SUPER VALUE! 
IDEAL SOLIDS FOR YOUR BASIC NEEDS 6 5 % 
POLYESTER, 3 5 % RAYO N , SOLID COLORS 

C H IN O S-G ABA RD IN ES 
$ | 4 9 

$ 1 

’•'TO 
ORDER y d . PRICE 
TOP QUALITY 

UMRANI* OF UNDITitMINfD Fllllt CONTINI 

NEW... 

BOTTOM WEIGHT GROUP 
FULL BOLTS 6o" WIDE 

HEAVY 12 OZ. WEIGHT ASSORTED NOVELTY 
WEAVES FOR NEW SPRING CO-ORDINATES 
1oo% POLYESTER 
K N IT A W A Y 
WHITES 
DOUBLE KNIT 

S l 
« tufa 

■ 
YD. PRICE 

$ m 5 9 c u t t o 

■ V 
ORDER 
■ 
YD 
PRICE 

NEW 
SPRING 
PATTERNS 
6 o ” W IDE O N BOLTS 
FIRST QUALITY N EW LINE 
EXCITING SP R IN G C O M B O S 
‘K N IT A W A Y ’ 
1 o o % POLYESTER 
PRINTED 
KNITS 

I 
A O Fuu 
^ 
PIECE 

YD 
PRICE 

A Q 
CUT TO 

^ 
ORDER 
YO 
PRICE 

6o” WIDE 
SOLIDS 

FULL 
PIECE 

YD 
PRICE 

A O 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD 
PRICE 

SPECIAL SHIRTING AND BLOUSE ASSORTMENT 
FIRST QUALITY ... FULL BOLTS ... 45” WIDE 

OUTSTANDING 
BUY 
FROM 
FAMOUS 
BRANDS 
SEILING 
FOR 
MUCH 
MoRE...CA1ICoS, PATCHWORK, FLORALS, MINI-PRINTS 6 5 % POLYESTER 

3 5 % COTTON AND 1oo% COTTONS 

BOLT JERSEY 
HUGE SELECTION 
88 * 

FOR A W A RD R O BE OF INSTANT FASHION!! 
AT A SPECIAL SALE A N D CLOSEOUT PRICE... 
PANTSUIT • DRESS • BLOUSE • SPORTS • DRAPERY • NOVELTIES 
SUPER VALUES SUCH A S THESE: 

45’ 
FULL 
PIECE y d PRICE 

N EW BLOUSE 
ASSO RTM ENT 

EUL! 

O O * 
PIEa 
J r jF y d p rice 

1 
CUT TO 
o 9 o r d e r 

YD 
PRICE 

^ B r ^ mw o r d e r 

M F 
M F y d PRICE 
1 6 o % ACETATE— 1oo % TRIACETATE 
6 9 % ACETATE-39% NYLON 
PRINTS & MORE PRINTS 

BOTTOM W EIGHT SPORTS 
1oo% COTTON 
H OM ESPUN S 
IOO'/. COTTON 
POLY-COTTONS 
6 5 % POLYESTER 357. COTTON 
5 4 “ PRINTED JERSEYS 
IOO*/, NYLON 
4 5 “ WHITE L IN IN G S 
1oo7. Ra t o n 

4 5 “ 

4 5 “ 

4 5 “ NATURAL SPORTS 
1oo7. COTTON 
4 5 " SPORTS TWILL 
1oo% COTTON 
4 5 " DRESS LA C IS 
1oo7. NYLON 
4 5 ” SUITIN G PRINTS 
1oo7. RAYON 
4 5 “ FLOCKED SHIERS 
1oo7. NYLON 

AN D M A N Y , M A N Y MORE ... COME SEE!! 

PRINTED DRAPERY 

ALL ON 
BOLTS 
3 
9 
* 
" 
“ ‘ 5 
o 
Y D PRICE MKF 

C CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD PRICE 

FULL BOLTS 
4 8 ”-5 4 ” W ide 

4 
9 
FULL 
PIECE 

YO 
PRICE 

1 o o % COTTON 
$ m 6 9 
Some Scotchguarded 

CUT TO 
ORDER 

YO 
PRICE 

SPECIAL TABLES 
HEAVY DUTY UPHOLSTERY 
REMNANTS 

STILL ‘THE FAVORITE’ SPORTS LOOK ... 
BLUE AND SOME COLORS ... 
$ | 2 9 'uu 

$ 1 

45” WIDE 1oo% COTTON 
DENIM 

5o% Cotton- 5 o % Polyester 
Full Bolts-Top Quality 

88 
99 

PUCE 

 v a p rice 

3 9 cu, 

YO 
ORDER 

£ FULL 
^ PIECE y d . PRICE 

Jk CUT 
% T O 
ORDER y d . PRICE 

Vt to 5 yd. Pieces 

IMMNANTS Of UNOITIRMINID 
FIBER CONTENT 

FUU Bo1TS...FIRST QUALITY 
FAM OUS ABBOT 
PERMANENT PRESS 
IN A WIDE ARRAY OF COLORS 
4 5 ” W IDE 
5 o % POLYESTER.9 o % COTTON 
‘CHATTER CLOTH1 
$ I 3 9 fu ll PIECE 
I 
YO. 
PRICE 

$ I 6 9 cut to 
I YO. ORDER PRICE 

YOU’U UKE THIS SPORTY 
TWEED LOOK IN THIS FAVORITE 
CLOTH... ASSORTED COLORS 
5 o % POLYESTER 5 o % COTTON 
‘CHATTER TWEED1 
$ I 3 9 fu ll piece 
I 
YO. PRICE 
$ 1 6 9 CUT TO 
I YO. ORDER PRICE 

BUTTONS 
NEW Shipment 
I Or M oo 

FUU BOLTS...6o" WIDE 
FIRST QUALITY 
FALL COLORS 
SPICIAL ASSO RTM ENT OF 
SOLID 
COLORS 
1 o o % POLYESTER 
DOUBLE 
KNITS 

$ H I 9 run piece 
■ 
TD. PRICE 

$ I 
2 
9 
CUT TO 
■ 
YO 
ORDER PRICE 

1 9 ta.cord 
All on Cards 

No Roll ELASTIC 
3/4” or I "WIDE 

6 
? 
1 
o o 

2 5 
•a.cord 

75% PoiyostRr-25% Rubber 

■?L> 
I .. x 
FABRIC warehouse 
1 
1 ^ TTT t t t t x i r x r i n r t I T » r r . , r t 
. . x 
. « t i i_i J 
938 BANDERA RD. 
J 
(O A N O fA A 
C tN T tR • fO O M CR W f GRANT RLO C J 
Q ... Q 
9 mO 
V - J 
1.35 AT EISENHAUER RD. 

THE D Y N A M IC -BODY 
Rolls ease stiff neck 

Start the new year off with a resolution to keep c a lm — free of worries and tension. 

This exercise is a tension reliever for stiff neck and shoulder muscles. 

Position: 
Sit or stand with your back lengthened. 
(You can do this at your desk.) 
Single Rolls: I. Roll just the right shoulder forward without moving the left one 
(see photo). 2. Now lift the right shoulder up towards your ear. 

3. Shift it back. 4. Press it down and center. Use four slow counts, pausing brief- ly to hold the shoulder in each of the four positions. 
Repeat the set of four tw ice. 
Then reverse direction, shifting the shoulder back, for three sets. Now roll the shoulder smoothly around without the. pauses. Do the 

By 
KAREN 
LUSTGARTEN 

 smooth rolls twice in each direction. 
C hange shoulders and re­ peat the above sequence with the left one. 
Both Shoulders: Perform the preceding set rolling both shoulders simultan­ eously. You may want to . repeat the entire exercise twice more. 
Body Awareness: 
Since this is a shoulder isolation movement, try not to use the neck muscles. Keep the head very still. Also, try not to move the left shoulder when the right is working and vice versa. lf you keep the rolls smooth and slow you will feel a soothing, relaxing ef­ fect begin to replace any strains felt in the upper back region. 
Keeping eyes on New Year 

A Lovely writes: "I agree with eye ma­ keup principle. But, when I use it and get a glimpse of myself in a restaurant mirror, I look as though I have two blue holes in my head. Have you any suggestions?” 

The answer: Eye ma­ keup seems to create the most difficult of all ma­ keup areas. Here are some suggestions, easy to try for the New Year. 
Even before you apply any makeup, you can make your eyes look big­ ger and improve the grooming of your face by brushing the brows straight up. 
Then slide the brush across the top edge to tidy and emphasize the shape. A long-handled brow brush is the instru­ ment to use. 

To temporarily lighten your hair — a current move of fashion models — brush foundation through them when you apply it to your face. Use a water- dampened swab to remove any splatters. 
Lightening brows ever so little increases eye size. 
Encapsulated pressed-power eyeshadow can be filmed on like a second skin. No holes in blue shades or in others. Have you ever tried amber or gray or lime? With a bit of experimentation, you might find a color that really intensified the natural appeal of your eyes. 
Another boost for naturalness is an eyelash curler and a bit of colorless petroleum jelly. Brush on a little jelly, then curl away. What big eyes you have, and with such natural loveliness. 
Y outh 

You are not lost to youthful beauty because ot dark circles, puffiness, or wrinkles around the eyes. 
These problems can be brought under control by proper skin care, cosmetic applications, health habits and facial expressions. Methods are detailed in my leaflet, THE EY E S OF YOUTH. 
To obtain your copy, write Mary Sue Miller, San 
Antonio Express, Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex. 78297, enclosing 15 cents in coin and a long, self-addressed] stamped envelope. 

A B IV A chapter slates speaker 

Tower Chapter, Amer­ ican Business Women’s 
Association, will meet at 7 p.m. Thursday in the 
Holiday Inn Northwest. The social hour will begin at 6 3o p.m. 

Mrs. 
Virginia 
Van 
Stmiberg, U. S. Attorney'n office. Consumer Protec­ tion Division, will s|wuk on 
‘‘C onsumer Viewpoint " 
Mrs. Dora Herrera wil be vocational speaker 

Women plan board meet 

The executive board. San 
Antonio Women’s Chapter, 
Freedoms Foundation al 
Valley Forge, w ill meet at I 

 p m. Wednesday in the 
Alamo Sav ings Building on 

Sun Pedro Avenue 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 977 wings is rou 

. How are women do­ ing at the U.S. Air 
Force Academy? 
Lenora Wong, a 1976 graduate of Robert E. 
Lee 
Senior 
High 
School, gave some clues to the answer during a Christmas visit here. 

 participates in gymnastics I and ready likes it. 
£ 
“ Intramurals is the only I activity where there is no I class distinction. Once we I leave that area. it’s pump- I kin time,” Lenora said. 
§ 
Romance 
How about rom ances I among the students? 
I 
“Upper classmen are not I supposed to be on a person­ al basis with fourth class­ men, and this has been a problem,” she said. 
Any romances between fourth classmen? 
“ Yes, some.” 
Many social activities are open to cadets, she says. 
The Baptist Student Union operates as a cadet club, and military officers from nearby Peterson Field and 
Ft. Carson often invite ca­ dets to their homes. 
Sometimes the cadets are so busy they have difficulty finding time to read their mail and write home, Len­ ora said. 
“ After lights out, we so­ metimes write in bed with a flashlight under the covers,” 
In looking back over the past few months, Leonora says she is really proud. 
“You know what you can do, and know what your li­ mits are,” she said. 
“ It s really pretty in the mountains, and I am get­ ting a fantastic education and experiencing all this stuff no one else will ever know,” she said. 
Lenora became interest­ ed in attending the a c a ­ demy after she visited her brother, Marshall, who is now a second classman. 
To be eligible for an aca­ demy apppointment, one must pass a physical fitness test and have acceptable academic test scores. 
Lenora is. the daughter of 
Howard and Esther Wong. 
She has two brothers be­ sides Marshall. They are 
Howard, 15. anil Kevan, 14 

By------------------------ 
EDNA MCGAFFEY 

 up camp. For the next three weeks they lived in tents and underwent intensive military training 
“ We liked living there because it was in tlje country and relaxed,” Len­ ora said. 
The really bad time was the bayonet assault train­ ing, she explained. 
“ It was difficult for the girls to attack and shout the only words allowed, ‘Kill, kill, kill.” 
“We had to crawl like a worm, run up and down mountains with a rifle and learn to shoot the MI and 
M16.” 
Lenora also learned to dress in five minutes. 
What about makeup? 
“There was no makeup in basic, and I mostly wear 
C hapstick now.” she said. 
Lenora and the other fourth classmen received their s h o u te r boards on 
Aug. 4 and aegan academic classes the following week. 
Dorms 
The women occupy the sixth floor of Vandenberg 
Hall, one of two cadet dor­ mitories. They are assigned three to a room, same as the men. Each floor has two latrines with showers. Each group has Kl squadrons. 
A few girls are assigned to each of the 2o squadrons 

Lenora entered the Air 
Force Academy June 28 in the first class to enroll wo­ men. 
“ A ttrition at the ac a ­ demy is the lowest ever,” she said. “ It is 7 per cent for women and IO per cent for men. 
“ Of the 157 women en­ rolled. 146 are still there. I guess the guys think they can take it if the girls can.” 
Everything is totally dif­ ferent at the Academy, 
Lenora explained. 
While processing in, one gets rid of long hair, wrist watch and all reminders of home. 
Lenora spent her first six weeks in basic training. 
The first half, conducted in the cadet area, concentrat­ ed on physical conditioning to accustom the cadets to the altitude, which is about 
6.ooo feet. 
Tents 
The class then went to 
J a c k ’s Valley, IO miles from the academy, and set 

LEN O RA W O N G stands at attention at the Air Force A cad e m y 

“ I think everyone is al­ ways tired,” she replied. 
Fourth classmen are like robots, Lenora explained. 
“The only place we can be at rest is inside the dorm room and academic build­ ing. Elsewhere, we must be at attention 
“ We must walk on the marble strips of the terra- zo, square all corners, hold the chin in and not smile. 
It’s kind of a pain.” 
Fourth classmen must obey these rules until re­ cognition. This occurs just before the first classmen graduate. At that time, the cadets receive a prop and wing pin for their caps. 
The academy is big on sports, Lenora says. She 

 in Vandenberg Hall. The 21) squadrons housed in the other dorm have male ca­ dets who somewhat resent the females. 
Lenora carries 
21 academic hours. Her Mon­ day through 
Friday schedule begins at 6 a rn. and runs until ll p.m. 
Besides classes from 7:3o a m. to 3:3o p.m., each ca­ det participates in intra­ mural athletics from 4 p.m. to 
6:3o p.m ., attends squadron meetings from 
7:25 to 8:3o p.m. and studies from then until lights out. 
On Saturdays cadets have military training. Sundays are theirs until 7:15 p.m. 
Does Lenora ever get tired? 
WINTER 
WRAP-UP 
SALE 
%to V " 

Giving thanks for black-eyed veas 

 own m other in a sm all two-bedroom house in Fort 
Worth. 
After the twins were born in the 4os, Wayne’s mother took a job at the “ Bomber 
Plant” during wartime. She provided the stru g g lin g group s only income except for a small pension the grandmother received from the railroad 
Wayne’s early years were three-in-a-bed, work-in- the-garden, no-car and very few treats. His favorite toy was a bath towel over his shoulders which turned him into "Superman” 
Dinners were often just cornbread and milk with whatever vegetables were “ ready" in the g ar­ den. Even so. whatever ap­ peared on the table was al­ ways accompanied by “ ta- ble-grace" 
One evening there were cups of cold sweetmilk. hot cornbread and green onions from the garden. Much to six-year-old Wayne’s su r­ prise, there was also a big granite-blue pan of black- eved peas — not just peas — but black-eyed peas with little pieces of HAM! 
“ Wayne, your turn to say grace," the boy’s grand­ mother reminded him. The child bowed his head and changed tile fam iliar I prayer. 
“ . . . . Thank you for tin* birds that sing 
Thank you. lied, for everything 
. Amen," he finished. 
Wayne thrust his plate with both hands toward the center of the table to be served. Then, even more quickly. . he drew it back 
"Stop!" he yelled 
His sisters, mother and grandmother were startled by the urgency of his voice. 
They replaced the slabs of cornbread onto the platter 
They set their cups down. 
“ I forgot so m eth in g," 
Wayne insisted. "Bow your heads again." They did 
"Dear (iud . . .” he said solemnly, “ And thank you for the black-eyed peas . , . 
So black-eyed peas on 
New Year's Day mean more than good-luck to our fann- 

Every New Year's 
Day, just as the black-eyed peas art* served, someone al­ ways tells the familiar family story of Wayne. 
Somehow, hearing about Wayne always gives added meaning to a bowl of black-eyed peas. 
My cousin Wayne is now an ex-Navy man who lives a very normal life in another state — but Wayne’s life wasn’t always normal. 
W ayne’s father met a tragic death a few weeks before the boy and his 

N O W S TH!-; 'HMH TO TU KAT 
YO URSELF TO DELIC K H 'S SAV IN IIS ON 
DKSKiNKR DK KSSKS, ( O A T S 
SKOK I SVC KAH. PANTS. SHIRTS. 
A N D OO-OKDINA I KS 

I 
JIL 
JI MPsi it , 

I • .99.39.99 

J ff- S K I R T S 
K**g- 
1o.99.12.99 

•J ft* pants x 
. - I V A N S 
K,*g- 
J o - 9 9 . J 5 . 9 q a 

 twin-sister. Wanda, were horn. 
With two little dau ghters already, and twins on-the-way, Wayne s newly-widowed young mother moved-in with her 

MISSUS lops 
* SHIRTS 
Further Reductions In 
Our Big Semi-Annual 
FALL „ WINTER SHOE 
SALE 

RED CROSS RFG TO S32 OO 
......... 
SOCIALITES REG TO S32 OO 
COBBIES REG TO $25 OO 
SELBYS REG TO $34 OO ....................... 
CARESSA REG. TO $34 O O ....................... 
STANLEY PHILLIPSON r e g t o $4o oo 
NINA REG. TO $36 OO 
....................... 
COVER GIRL REG TO $26 OO 
.............. 

1 o . o o TO 1 8 . 7 6 

1 o . 8 8 TO 2 1 . 8 8 

1 o . o o TO 1 6 . 8 8 

. . . n o w 
1 7 . 7 6 

1 2 . 7 6 to 1 7 . 7 6 

1 9 . 7 6 to 2 1 . 7 6 

1 7 . 7 6 t o 1 8 . 7 6 

. . . . NOW 
1 2 . 7 6 

NOW 

NOW 

NOW 

NO W 
The peas remind us of 
Wayne — of two women . and four children during the war — of their way of life. 
They remind us of our own good fortune during the past year Most of all they remind us to say "Thank you" for everything — even for the black-eyed peas. lie ne fit club schedules meet 
Loyal Guard Club of Ka- sidah Review 137, North 
American Benefit Associa­ tion, will meet at I p.m. 
Thursday in the home of 
Ruth Walter. 
Assisting the hostess will be Mrs. Eleanor Master. 

NO W 

NO W 

RED CROSS 

• McCrelett Plaza (BIG M) • JeHerion Village 
• Central Park • South Park Moll • Umvertol City 
• MCrelei* Village • Windsor Park Mall 

'TM f»o4uo hot no lonntit* t •h o '* ," orth th. imomo* ftoi>en«t I t! (iou 

Infants happy when kept near mothers 

INSIGHTS 

Telephonitis is costly 'disease’ 

Everyone has a problem. 
What’s yours? For a per sonal reply, write to ABBY: 
Express-N ew s, Box 2171 
San Antonio, Tex. 78297 
E nclose a stam ped, self addressed envelope, please 

This may sound dumb to you, but I assure you it is a serious problem . Please, please tell me what I can do about it. 
- AFFLICTED 
IN KANSAS 
DEAR AFFLICTED: 
When you get the urge to make a long-distance call, write a letter, take a walk, take a bath, bake a cake or read something. 
And it you c a n ’t stay away from the phone, call a local shut-in and talk until the urge passes. 

 times reverse the charges, and then send them a check to cover it. 
I’ve even charged some calls to m y h u s b a n d ’s b u sin ess, but he h a s n ’t caught on to that yet. 
Right now I am fighting the u rg e to call the newspaper to find out how I can reach you by telephone instead of writing this let­ ter. (I lost. I phoned the newspaper, but they said you had an u n listed num ber!) 

DEAR ABBY: 
I have a “sickness” that you’ve probably never heard of, and it’s cost­ ing me a small for­ tune. Ifs telephonitis. 
I am constantly calling friends all over the U.S. and Canada, and once I get started, I hate to hang up. I can talk an hour! 
I don’t want my husband to know how m uch my phone bills are, so I some- 

At a child abuse confer­ ence last month, I was intri­ gued by one speaker’s dis­ cussion of a study of mother-infant relationships. 

The findings of that study were most impressive, and relevant to the prevention of child abuse. 
Most mothers are all too aware of the common practice in hospi­ tals of s e p a ra tin g at birth the newborn infant from the mother. 
The baby is sent to a nursery; and after a period of time in the recovery area, the mother is sent back to her room to rest and re­ cuperate. 
The baby is generally brought back to the mother briefly after several hours, especially if the mother plans to breast feed the infant. Then, except for 2o to 3o minute intervals every four hours for feeding, the child is returned to the nursery. 
Policy 
Some progressive hospitals have a uooming-in” policy, where the baby is kept in a special bassinet in the m other’s room during the day. 
At night, the infant is taken back to the nursery, except for interruptions for nursing. This practice is to assure the mother of a good night’s sleep. 

 serve doctors arranged for several mothers to have extended contact with the newborn infant. 
That included having the nude baby with them , with a heated panel overhead, for one hour with­ in the first three hours of birth, and also five extra hours of contact each afternoon during the three days following delivery. 
They followed these mothers, as well as a control group of mothers who did not have that experience. to assess the long-term impact of the initial extended contact. 

Differences 

At one month, there was a strik­ ing difference in the mother-child bond of the two g ro u p s. The mothers with greater initial con­ tact all tended to touch and fondle th e ir in fan ts m o re and have greater eye-to-eye contact with the children 

A year later, each m other in both groups continued to show s ig n ific a n t d iffe re n c e s in the closeness of her relationship to her child. 

What does it all mean? The re­ s e a rc h e rs concluded that a mother’s interaction with her baby and the baby’s ultimate develop­ ment may be greatly influenced by early and extended contact. 

DEAR ABBY: It was like an answer to my prayers when I saw a letter in your column from a man who was worried because ever sin c e his wife b ec am e pregnant, she’d been crav­ ing Argo laundry starch ! 
Wherever did she buy it? 
If I could find some, I d be the happiest woman in the world because that’s what works best for my nylon net curtains. 
F o r y e a rs 
I ve been searching for Argo starch, but no store in my area has it. All they have is liquid starch, which doesn’t com­ pare to the old-fashioned kind that used to come in a blue and w hite box and looked like chalk. 
Can you help m e find some? — CARLA IN SAN­ 
TA MONICA 
DEAR CARLA: 
I II try 
Does anyone out there know if Argo laundry starch is su n available? And if so, where? 

At Case-Western Reserve Uni­ versity, some pediatricians took a page from reports of animal be­ havior to fo rm u late an e x p e ri­ ment. 
They noted that in c e rta in an im als—goat, cow, sheep—-the separation of the mother and the mfant for one to four hours after birth results in distinctly abnor­ mal mothering behavior. 
Also, studies of the long separa­ tion of p rem a tu re infants from their m others su ggest that the prolonged separation adversely affects the maternal performance of some women. 
What about testing the opposite? 
What happens when mothers have greater contact with their newborn b ab ies9 The C ase-W estern Re- 

 ends January 8, 1977. 
2o% off 32- and 42-piece sets plus free chest! 

32-piece set consists of 8 each, teaspoons, place knives, place forks, and salad forks. 48-piece set consists of 
12 each, teaspoons, place knives, place forks, and salad forks. 
25% off serving pieces! 
* 
2o% off k l open stock! 

 can be beautiful! 

 m ake sure th e re a re n bullets in the cham ber bi fore you fool around with ii 
If the gun does go oil check and find out wher the bullet ended up If thi had been done, a lovel 
14-year-old girl m ight b alive today. 
— E.G. I 
Buffalo 
Dear E.G.: 
Better ye let s get some sensible gu laws p assed . The U.i d o e s n ’t need 45 m illiu handguns in the possessic of Lord knows who. 

 law (she was only 14) was killed when the boy in the next apartment was playing with a gun. T h e b ullet pierced four walls and a closet before it hit her. No one else was at home and she bled to death. The boy next door thought the bullet had lodged in the wall, lie never bothered to check. 
Only when he learned of the girl's death did he realize he had killed her. 
I want to ask everyone who owns a gun to please 

Dear Ann Landers: May 
I say a word to those wo­ men who complain about a husband’s snoring? 
Thank God he is beside you. snoring. 
To those w om en who complain because a retired husband is “ u n d e rfo o t” : 
Thank God he is still there 
— -getting in the way.” 
To those w om en who 
“ hate to cook” : The fan ­ ciest gourmet dishes have no taste when eaten alone. 
To those w om en who w an t to keep a sp o tle ss house: Y our h u s b a n d ’s m u d d y feet a r e m ore im p o rta n t th an a clean floor. 
Until you become one you will never know what i f s like to be — A Recent Wi­ dow (Nashville) 
Dear Friend: 
I can al­ most hear the widows out th e re sa y in g “ A m e n .” 
Thank you for a letter that puts things in the proper perspective. 
Applause 
Dear Ann Landers: I ap­ plaud your c o u ra g e in bucking both the American 
Psychiatric Association and the American Psychologi­ cal Association by defining homosexuality as a severe personality disorder. 
You have spoken for me, and many others who seek a mature, informed and sym ­ pathetic way to cope with th e ho m o sex u ality of a loved one. 
Our squ was hospitalized for 18 months under psy­ chiatric care. We were con­ ditio n ed to ac c e p t all decisions of the hospital and cautioned not to b rea ch 

 doctor was of such a mind 
— and alth o u g h it was harder on you, it was better for the boy. 
I gather from your letter that you have not rejected him and I applaud you. All children need parental ac­ ceptance — no m atter w hat th e ir sex u al p re fe re n c e may be. 
Guns 
Dear Ann Landers: This is for people who own guns. 
Last week. my sister-in- 

II you have a problem let 
Ann Landers help you solve it. Write Ann Landers, care of the Express-News. P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Tex., 78297. 

 confidentiality by asking too many questions because it m ig h t je o p a rd iz e his treatment. 
After leaving the hospi­ tal, but while still in treat­ ment, our son told us he was 
“ g ay .” You can im agine our shock. At no time dur­ ing his hospitalization was homosexuality mentioned. 
Our greatest disillusion stem s from loss of faith in the integrity of the profes­ sionals you have so coura­ geously challenged (for us) and so often recommended in the past. 
If not from this group, from whence then cometh our help? It has been a long, bleak trek and we ale — 
SUH Seeking. M. And D. In 
Pa. 
Dear .M and I): 
Many therapists believe the ho­ m osexual p atient should decide whether or not to reveal his homosexuality to his parents — and if he (or she) can tell them face-to- face, it is better. 
A pparently, your son’s 

V J*y 

C om plim entary silver chest given with 32-piece service tor 
8 or 48-piece service for 12. 

ASK ABOUT OUR SILVER CLUB PLAN. 
NO DOWN PAYMENT. NO FINANCE CHARGE 

For example, Repousse 32-piece service for 8, consisting of 8 each place knives, place forks, salad forks, and teaspoons, $876.8o. Cash price same as deferred-payment price. 
11 monthly payments of $74 and one final payment of $62.8o, plus sales tax where applicable. Price based on 2o% off 32-ptece set. 
Price subject to change without notice. The cost of credit is included in the price quoted for the goods and services 

Something Beautiful for Everyone , 

Use one ol our convenient charge plans or 
Amencan Express • BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Brown or rust suede with zip 39.99 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

• Downtown • Wonderland • Military Plaza • North Star • Windsor Pork 

IT’S OUR 
RED-HOT 
SEMI-ANNUAL 
S H O E 
^ 
SALE! 

 is delighted to bring you 

The Spring Collection 

REGULAR 
PRICES 
TO 
$3o 
Mollie Parnis Boutique 

Thursday, Friday, and Saturday 
January 6th, 7th, and 8th 

Dress and Casual styles from current 
Fall and W in te r stock 
215o E. Hildebrand 

 between Broadway and New Braunfels 
NATURALIZER Shoes 

 problem corner ♦ + + problem corner ♦ + ♦ problem corner + ♦ + problem corner + -f ♦ problem corner ♦ + + p 

S an Antonio EXPfteSSrNEW $--—Sunday January 2 1977 ft* * 
9 E 
WOMAN AT HOME 

 and I loved it. 
"Then, other times, when 
I spent a great deal of time with them, yet did other things, alongside them, too 
— reading, sewing, ecology projects — and I’ve loved these periods as well. I also enjoyed my heavy involve­ ment in the school. 
“ Now. with Ro, I just take a camera along when w e’re out, she rides her trike, and I capture the world through my new lens.’’ 
Marion Legerg. a woman busy with four school-age children, is a Phase Two mother who expresses feelings articulated by many other women when she says, “I believe there’s a time and place for every aspect of one’s self. My time is here and now for my family, and to a lesser ex­ tent for my other activities. 
In a few years, the children will all be grown and things will be reversed.” 
Growth 
With her oldest son now a senior in high school, the youngest in fifth grade, 

 rn? I rn 
Kitchen 

• Lemons and limes will keep much longer if you place them in a covered jar in the refrigerator. 
• To help a child keep his clothes hung up, lower the clothes rod in his clothes closet so that it will be easy for him to reach it. • 

CRYSTAL pleated white satin cocktail dress is from the Mollie Parnis Boutique collection designed by M orty Sussm an. The entire spring line will be on display and modeled informally Thursday, Friday and Saturday in 
Wolfman’s. 

• 
When cleaning the rocks in your fish bowl, use a plastic bleach bottle cut in half with holes punched in the bottom. The rocks are put in this and the water run over them. 

W om en set book review 

Women of St. M ark’s 
^Episcopal Church will have a book review at 1o:45 a m. 
.Wednesday, Jan. 12, in the 
•church. 

Mrs. Sherwood Avery of 
Dallas will review “ The 
Biography of Edith Whar­ ton” by R.L.W. Lewis. A luncheon will follow. 

C h m j i 

A RARE TRAVEL OPPORTUNITY. 

Tourist visits inside the People’s Republic of China are rare in­ deed T h at’s why ALICETLETZ CERTIFIED TRAVEL 
SERVICE is proud to be a partner in the 2o-day “M.S. Rasa 
Sayang” Fly & Cruise Program. 
After years of planning, this unique tour will take you inside 
China for several days. You will enter via the Pear River Delta in the K wanning District and stay in or near the city of Kwangchow 
(Canton). Sightseeing will included visits to a hospital where acupuncture anesthesia js practiced, a People’s commune, Chil- 
— i t i r f A m n l o Q f o o t A n n e r t P i u i n / ^ i r t c i r a t t a n 

 show. 
Photography will be permitted. Motion picture film is limited to 
8mm. 
While the time spent inside China is the heart of this trip, the 
• Mil'*' 'Iii]*, I.ill'l acct Mil ll|o#|a I io u -. m r,ii- 
,11 )• I - c iv ite - a r r d r- signed to make your adventure trulv memorable. 
ALICE PLETZ CERTIFIED TRAVEL SERVICE has a mere 2o 

March Z», it# i /; includes rouhdtrip ain are i ru m an.™ n n iu - 
NIO via San Francisco to Singapore (individual stopovers, en route home up to April 12 in Singapore, Manila or Honolulu, can be made at no extra airfare); 12-day cruise aboard Norwegian owned and operated 18,5oo ton all-first-class M.S. Rasa Sayang 
Cruiseliner, from Singapore to Hong Kong and Whampoa, then return, 3 days inside Chinas Kanton Province; 3 nights at Singa­ pore’s Deluxe Mandarin Hotel; full-time, professional escort; 45 meals; all transfers, porterage, taxes and service charges; wel­ come cocktail party; poolside barbecue party and a lot more for only $2,225.5o and up (DEPENDING ON (’RUISE ACCOM* 
MODAtlONS CHOSEN'# 
Call us for more details 
Alice pietz 
Ceptifit'.O tRAVfc'l Sec vice 
146 E» Century Bldg. 

84 N E. LOOP 41o (Vi block east of North Star Mall) 
CALL (512) 342-5241 _____ 

THE APPOINTED FLY/CRUISE OPERA TOR 

K U O N I T R A V E L , IN C . 

Has been in the business of pleasing travelers since 19o6 . % . has 
___________ ____________ 
___„ .. _ velei grown through 7o years of good times and bad, because typical of 
Swiss companies, their business practices have given them the strength to endure two major world economic crises. Their an­ nual travel sales now total over $2oo,ooo,ooo, they employ 2o(H) full-time Kuoni people and 16o full-time multilingual tour es­ corts They serve travelers on 5 continents through 9o oft ices, worldwide. 

The 
VR. M.S. Rosa Sayang" Fly & Cruise Program has been made available to only a handful of firms throughout the world.] 
Kuoni is privileged to be included in this select group. 

Marion says she finds this period of growth and deve­ lopment “ the m ost de­ manding years ever. 
"That’s why Paul and I have always operated on the premise that our lives are statements of our beliefs.” 

 are frequently more active than ever. Some pursue an interest which they deve­ loped while raising their families; others try new ar­ eas. 
Prorities 

Women who enjoy Phases 
One and Two, who put a great deal of effort and en­ ergy into these periods, usually needn’t worry about an empty nest. Because wo­ men who build close rela­ tionships with their, chil­ dren rarely lose touch with them when they reach adulthood. 
Many women now in 
Phase Three have grown children in other parts of the country, who stay in touch by phone, and visit back and forth regularly. 
The women themselves 

• Save plastic bottles of all sizes. By cutting them at the base or any place between the base and neck,) you will have funnels of all sizes. 

• Have you ever won­ dered what to do with all those plastic vegetable bags that accumulate? 
Try crocheting them into good-looking, long-wear­ ing. rugs for porch and kit­ chen. Cut the bags into strips and crochet them together the way you would I crochet cloth strips for a rag rug. 
, 

Fifty-two-year-old Donna 
Phillips is a Phase Three woman who speaks enthu­ siastically both about her’ busy past and equally busy present. 
"I wouldn’t have brought to my work (she’s now a family counselor), what I do now, and it would-have robbed me of doing all the other things I did. Do I re­ gret the past? Those years with my children? Teach­ ing music? Going to school? 
I’d no more trade those years for now than I d have traded my own childhood. 
"But that doesn’t mean 

Pm not happy now I’m do­ ing just what I want to be doing; with a full life behind me, I’m starting another!" 
Anne. Marion, and Donna are among the many wo­ men who have discovered that other interests need not interfere with raising a fa­ mily and raising a family need not preclude other in­ terests. 
Each of these women has found that personal rela­ tionships and personal growth can be simultaneous and complementary. 
Each established priori­ ties for what she does and when she does it; thus each has achieved balance rather than conflict within herself and her home life. 

About the author 

Arlene Cardozo is the founder and dir­ ector ot the “Woman at Home” workshops in Minneapolis. 

Her articles and reviews have been pub­ lished in various m agazines and newspapers, and she is the author of “The 
Liberated Cookbook: How to be a Guest at 
Your Own Table.” 
Mrs. Cardozo lives in Minneapolis with her husband and three children. 

MONDAY In the Express; 
THE WOMAN AT HOME: 
HER WORK, HER TIME 

'AVA 
TIME TO SHINE 

SAVE UP TO 
3 o % ON 

Enter the World of Beauty through the World of 

FUR TRIMMED 
W endy W ard. 

AND 
FAKE FUR 

FASHION, BEAUTY AND CHARM COURSES 
FOR EVERY AGE—A WENDY WARD 
INSTRUCTOR 
CONDUCTS SIX WEEKLY 
SESSIONS PER COURSE 

LONG AND SHORT 
COATS 

Sugar and Spice 

OO 
1 2 6 ” 
2 o 9 
98 

 vol. to 138°° vol. to 179” vol. to 299** 

(’lasses lur girls ages I to It In* si ruction <ni etiquette, how to make int rod in tunis, table rn.Mi­ nors. posture, grooming, poise. lots have lim showing von what they’ve learned ut ti Fashion 
Show (■ radii! ion. 

Six clame# 
* 1 o . o o . 
Enrollment deadline Jan. 7th 

• 1oo% WOOL • WORSTED FABRICS 
•SOME WITH REMOVABLE FUR COLLARS 
•BELTED STYLES ^DOUBLE BREASTED STYLES 
•NATURAL MINK, NATURAL NORWEGIAN 
BLUE FOX AND DYED O POSSUM TRIMS. 

Crossroads to Charm 

For girls 1o-12. It’n the plate that develops noiae and con­ fidence. Learn name grooming, manners, wardrobe care and graces. Pick up modeling and beauty tips. Take old friends, meet new ones, too! 

 d.\~. ... *15.oo 
Enrollment deadline Jan. 7th 

SIZES: 
6 TO 2o 
\ 

Jr. W endy W ard Career 
Girl 

C lasses tor girls age 4 to 12. M ust have com pleted eith er S ugar Kl 
Spice or < 'ro t* roads to C harm . 

12 hours . . *25.oo 
WONDERLAND STORE ONLY 
654.2321 
[Enrollment deadline Jan. 7th 
Pacesetter (W endy W ard) 
Course 

M 

 in 
(Jills age ll to IS veals t erecting sessions to learn 
IHM tire, visual poise, grooming, ait , make up. hail 
.kin and 
’ wardrobe selection aud coordination 
Eliding with a 
Fashion Show (iiaduatioii. 
*15.oo 
Enrollment deadline Jan. 7th 

 r 
A dvanced T een Charm 
\ 

Must have Pacesetter course or similar training Sessions train in mfd hod* models use 
(or photography and make-up. 
Guidance in creative wardrobe self# lion and |M»se. 
Four two hour » « — A A dann __ *15.oo 
WINDSOR PARK STORE ONLY 
654-22o8 
Enrollment deadline Jan. 7th 
Adult Beauty Forum 

After holiday blue*? 
Thu* count* include* make-up ap­ plication, creative urt of starve*, hair care, wanimis* planning. 
Two two hour I J o > o o seminar* 

Career Girl C ourse, U .S.A . 

/ 

SECOND 
FLOOR 
DOWNTOWN 
AND NORTH 
STAR MALL 

I tam lot .I cared iii p in le ssio n a l im skiing. Cit iliad bv lh* I ex.is 
Faint anoil 
Agent v 
Faiiiimu ginM let tors add spa,, lo (In. course whit Ii ti.lins von lo la- a pi oles.tonal mode! 
Alkin tonal mini mal nm nu fashion tnoidma 
Holt aud other fashion related carrel fields. 
WONDERLAND STORE ONLY 
654 2321 
For more information, call 
McCreleaa, Eyvette 
Warnecke 
654-25o9 
Windsor Park, Bonnie 
Latino 
............ 654-22o8 
Wonderland, 
Dorothy Hill 
654 2321 
Who cares? We do. 

GOC 
USE WARDS 
CHARG-ALL 
CREDIT 

M f > N !< 
> A A I K Y 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 9 7 7 

RESOLVE NO W . . . TO REDUCE EN 1977 

TRV SPRmc 

433-82o1 
735-9141 
828-3125 

(NORTHWEST 

(NORTH CENTRAL) 

(NORTHEAST) 

TRADE-IN SPECIAL 

 lf you are a current or expired member of any health or reducing club, your membership card can be applied to Trim & Swim towards a membership. 

Trim & Swim invites you to compare our facilities and service with any club in 
San Antonio. 

W e are San Antonio's oldest and largest and most complete Health Spa. 

TRIM AND SWIM 
MEMBER OF THE YEAR 
LA R R Y F O R A K E R 

Trim and Swim Health Spa is proud 

 to announce the selection of Larry 

Foraker as Member of the Year. Upon 

 enrolling at the Spa, Larry said he 

 weighed a very uncom fortable 265 

 lbs. Adding to the problem was a 

 pinched nerve in the lower back. 

Larry's decision to |Oin Trim and Swim 

 was helped when his doctor told him 

 to exercise and lose weight. 

Larry is employed by 
The 
San 

A ntonio 
Fire 
Department as an 

 engineer. His hobbies include Fishing 

 and Football. 

Lost 6o Pounds 
4o Inches 

Trim & Swim Invites you to TRY SPAing for 3 days ABSOLUTELY FREE — No obligation! 
Call today for an appointment — this offer is limited. 

SPAing is a supervised exercise program, sparkling swimming pools, hydro-whirl pools, steambaths, saunas . . . and much more. Reduced rates in effect for the New Year. Mem­ bership is only $1 8 per month on a course basis plus $ 2 o enrollment fees. 

1o8 degree Hydro-Swirlpool. One of many facilities offered 

 for both men and women at Trim and Swim Health Spa. 
All Trim and Swim fitness programs are 

 conducted under expert supervision. 

Trim and Sw im )' Health Spas 

42o2 SAN PEDRO 
(Across from Olmos Theatre) 

735-9141 

94o BANDERA RD. 
(Bandera Rd. Shopping Center) 
433-82o1 

1335 N X LOOP 41o 
(I block east of Nacogdoches Rd.) 
o28-3125 

YOU ARE INVITED TO A 
BRIDAL FASHION SHOW AT 

JOSKE'S DOWNTOWN 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 6 

At 7:oo p.m. Thursday, in the Camellia Room, 
Joske's will present the newest fashions for the spring and summer bride and every member of her wedding party. Terri 
Steel, Joske's Bridal 
Buyer and Downtown 
Consultant, and Eleanor 
Becker, Executive Editor of BRIDE'S Magazine wili commentate this charming show. The show will feature custom floral bouquets created by Manny Luna of the 
Rose Shop. Brides will register to win a veil of their choice (value up to 
$45) from our Bridal 
Salon. Complimentary tickets to the fashion show are available in the Bridal Salon, 
Wedding Gift Registry and Social Stationery department, Joske's 
Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park and Las 
Palmas. 

Joske's Wedding Gift 
Consultants will help you coordinate your patterns in silver, fine china, crystal, pottery, glassware and stainless and will record your patterns in our gift registry. Monday through 
Saturday, you are invited to visit our Consultants 
Downtown, North Star and 
Windsor Park. Pick up a registration blank from them and deposit the coupons in the proper departments throughout the store. You could win one of these exciting prizes: a five-piece place setting in your registered stainless flatware pattern; a five-piece place setting in your registered casual dinnerware pattern; a pair of Rip Van Winkle illows and a Martex Vellux anket; a West Bend 
"Quick Drip” automatic coffeemaker; or a wedding album by American 
Greetings. Duplicate prizes will be awarded in each store. The drawing for winners will be on Morday, 
January IO. Winners will be notified by mail; no purchase necessary. Every bride who registers with 
Joske's Wedding Gift 
Registry receives a copy of 
"Invitation to Your First 
Home,” an invaluable guide published by BRIDE'S 
Magazine. 

Joske's makes everything easy for the bride and the bride's father! All purchases for your wedding . . . invitations, items for the wedding party, trousseau, linens, etc. . .. may be made as long as three months prior to the wedding and the account will not be billed until after the wedding. 

 ii 

ATTEND JOSKE'S 

SCHOOL FOR 
BRIDES FRIDAY, 

JANUARY 7 AT 
NORTH STAR, 7 P M. OR 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 8 

DOWNTOWN, I P.M. 

Come to Joske's North Star 
Restaurant Friday evening, or Joske's Downtown Fourth 
Floor Auditorium on 
Saturday afternoon, for an informative program on all the aspects of planning a wedding and your new lifestyle. Special guest experts will give lectures and slide presentations and answer your questions. At the conclusion of each School for Brides, door prizes will be awarded. Complimentary tickets to the School for 
Brides are available in the 
Wedding Gift Registry and the Bridal Salon, Joske's 
Downtown, North Star and 
Windsor Park. 

Attend the School for Brides 
Friday evening at North Star or Saturday afternoon 
Downtown and learn all about weddings from our guest experts. Our speakers will be: Eleanor Becker. 
Executive Editor of BRIDE'S 
Magazine, with a slide presentation of "Ideas for 
Creative Entertaining” and a special presentation on "Be a 
Beautiful Bride” with makeup consultant Tino Vielma and hair stylists Louis Almaguer and Rudy Trevino; our 
Wedding Gift Consultants, 
Kay Kendall, Anita Daggett, 
Jill Miller and Delores 
Amaya, will present a slide show on Joske's Wedding Gift 
Registry; Barbara Morgester will speak on "Wedding 
Photography”, including bridal portraits and candids; our Bridal Buyer, Terri Steel, and Consultants Audrey 
Sparks and Donna Segner, will present a capsule wedding veil fashion show; representatives of the San 
Antonio Express, News and 
Light will speak on 
" Announcing Your 
Wedding”; Tommye Sherry will speak on "Establishing 
Your Credit” and Joske's special Bridal Credit Plan; and Interior Design class instructorNita Adams will give a presentation on 
"Planning Your First Home '. 
Question and answer periods will follow each speaker, and after each School for 
Brides the audience will be invited to meet the speakers in our China/Crystal area, where special tables will be on display. Each bride attending will receive a 
BRIDE'S Magazine tote bag filled with interesting information. 

YOU CAN WIN 

A FABULOUS 

PRIZE AT 

JOSKE'S SCHOOL 

FOR BRIDES 

Lucky brides will win prizes at Joske's School for Brides, all provided through the cooperation of BRIDE'S Magazine. You might win: Royal Doulton china, Mmton bone china, 
Wilton Armetale serving platter, Waterford crystal, 
Gorham silver, Oneida silver holloware, Lenox giftware, Fostoria stemware, Cristal 
D'Arques crystal, Centura 
2o-piece set, Prince 
Gardner wallets, Martex monogrammed towels, 
A T. Cross pens, J.P. Stevens bedspread, Denby stoneware, Noritake china, 
BRIDE'S Cookbook, or 
Simmons Beautyrest mattress and boxspring. 
Note: half of the gifts- will be awarded Friday evening at 
North Star, and half 
Saturday afternoon at 
Joske's Downtown. 

BRIDAL “MANNEQUIN 
MODELING" AT 

JOSKE'S NORTH STAR 

AND WINDSOR PARK 
Members of Joske's 
Teena Texas Board will be the "mannequins” in this special showing of wedding gowns. Enjoy this unusual "fashion show” on Monday and 
Tuesday, January 3 and 
4, at Joske's North Star 
Bridal Salon from 5 to 8 p.m.; on Wednesday, 
January 5 at Joske's 
Windsor Park Bridal 
Salon from 5 to 8 p.m.; and on Saturday, January 
8 at North Star and 
Windsor Park from 12 noon to 4 p.m. 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
’S LOVES BRIDES 
BRIDES LOVE 

■T* 

Poge 
2-F 
__ San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

ABOUT YOUR WEDDING 

•I.' 

Are you being m a rrie d soon? Here are guidelines and deadlines for sending information to the Express and News. 
A picture of the bride will be published iii thumbnail size free of c h a rg e . E n ­ graving tees for larger pic ­ tu re s 
(e n g a g e m e n t or w e d d in g —you m ay have both) will be determined by size of picture desired. 

Wedding stories will not be accepted after the wed­ ding. 
W edding p ic tu re s and copy m u st be in the Ex- press-News office at least 

 weeks ahead of the wedding date. 
Date of publication and placement on page cannot be guaranteed. 

B ridal p a r tie s m ay be subm itted a week before the wedding date to be run signed and must contain a. during the week preceeding daytime telephone number the wedding. 

 one week before the wed­ ding d ate. A black and white glossy photo is re- quired. 

T h ere is no ch arg e for stones without photos. 

Wedding forms must be 

 for the person subm itting the story. 

Engagement announce­ ments must be published at least six weeks before the w edding d ate, th e re fo re they must be submitted for publication at least seven 

Out-of-town guests may also be included in the par­ ty a rtic le for those who have co n firm e d a c c e p ­ tance. 
Type or print all nam es carefully to prevent printed errors. 

SEMI-ANNUAL 

FURTHER 
R E D U C T I O N S 

 oooo ooooo r 
Guarantee 

N O R T H STAR M A LL 
MCCRELESS P L A Z A 
31 4 E. H O U S T O N ST. 

MRS. JERRY S. ROBERSON 

Adrienne Zuehl, 
Jerry S. Roberson say nuptial vows 

Miss Adrienne Louise Zuehl and Jerry 
Scott Roberson exchanged marriage vows 
Friday in Coker United Methodist Church. 

The Rev. Leon Sims, assisted by the 
Rev. Kevin Ryan, officiated. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Clement Adrian Zuehl. The groom s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. Herschell Marcel 
Roberson. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Judith Zuehl 
McGuire. Bridesmaids were Lucy Zuehl, 
Rene Zuehl. Heidi Zuehl and Elaine Ro­ berson. 

Serving as best man was Dennis Barrett. 
Groomsmen were Terry Williams. Joe D. 
Robinson. Grog Zuehl and Mike Roberson. 

A reception was held in the church fol­ lowing the ceremony. 

The couple will honeymoon at Big Bend 
National Park. 

Tholes 
Scene 

E X P R E SS 
N EW S 

Ceremony unites 

Miss Jodie 
, 
Keith Evan Jones 

The m arriage of Miss Jodie Jeanette 
Powell and Keith Evan Jones was solem­ nized E'riday in Central Christian Church by the Rev. Royee Makin. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Joseph B. Powell of Midland. Parents of the groom are Dr. and Mrs. George W. 
Jones. 

Matron of honor was Judy G raham , sister of the bride. B ridesm aids were 
Becky Dossett, Sharon Peel and Beverly 
Jones. 

Steve Jones, b ro th er of the groom , served as best man. Groom smen were 
Steve Beissner. John Thornton and Sui 
Gregg. Assisting as ushers were Rick 
Gregory. Justin Jones and Frank Graham. 

A reception was held in the River Room at EJ! Tropicano. The couple will reside in 
Nacogdoches 

R.M.McCartney, 

Miss Dunlap are united in marriage 

Miss Belinda Dunlap and Richard M. 
McCartney were married Saturday in the 
First Baptist Church of Port Lavaca by the 
Rev. Carl McNamee. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. D. V. Dunlap of Port Lavaca. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. A. P. 
McCartnev. 
Serv ing as maid of honor was Dianne Mowen. Best man was William Wagner. Ushers were Gary Dunlap and Carl 
A. McNamee. 
A reception was held at the church following the cere­ mony. 

4 

MRS. R. M. 
MCCARTNEY 

MRS KEITH E. JONES 

Bride-elect will cherish nuptial gift o f sterling 

In the increasingly urban world we live in, the first home for many newlyweds is of­ ten an apartment just big enough for two. 
This is an all-important fact of life for the engaged girl planning her tables, her entertaining, and her way of life a fte r she is married. 
S h e ’ll count on p ared- down m en u s, in fo rm al g e t-to g e th e rs . buffet serv ice—and the q u ick er 

IIL ITI ^ 
Unpainted niture 

SALE ENDS 
JAN. 8th 

Reg. 197.95 
NOW‘169 

• Roll-Top Desks 

• Bookcases 

• Pedestal Desks 

Rig 134.95 HOW *117 
^3 

CTIC i n 

Reg 82 SO 
NOW 7 1 

• Secretary 

• Night Stands 

• Chests Galore! 

Don t m itt out on this opportunity to tovet This it 

Solid Northern Hardwood— no v « n * « r » l Traditional colonial styling to complamant any doc or, and it'i quick and oa»y to finish 

 iJ x r u v r ih n i t M n i t i 

Is 

I 
- rn 

 rn 

 rn 

Reg. 87 95 
Start your set now . . 

EO M PWY 

Reg 98 IS 
NOW ’84 
• 6842 SA N PEDRO 
824-7249 
• 142 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
924-5171 
• a s h b y a t M cC u l l o u g h 
734-4231 

 and ea sie r the m eal p re ­ paration. the better. She s probably a w orking girl, too. with little inclination for time-consuming duties after a day at the office. 
But today’s bride is also a r o m a n t i c - lust like lier mother and grand­ mother — and she still d ream s of those intim ate little dinners for two at a table s p a rk lin g with the g le a m of c a n d le lig h t on silver. 
Not spartan 

And she looks forward to en te rta in in g b eau tifu lly , however simple the menu m ay be, at th o se tirst parties for friends and re­ latives. After all. just be­ cause entertaining is easy on the hostess, if s not ne­ cessary for tables to look spartan! 
That s why sterling gifts are so much wanted. To­ day’s bride-to-be has the same emotional response to solid silver that brides have always had. 
Its unlike anything else. 
And w hether i f s team ed with porcelain or earthen­ ware, it brings a unique special-oecasion atmos­ phere to any table. 
T o d ay ’s p ra c tic a l, c a r ­ eer-oriented bride differs from her predecessors iii one way—she has a sense of the worth of sterling 

P o s s e ahi oils* 

She re a liz e s th a t this precious metal is one of the most valuable possessions she and her husband will own and that its intrinsic value will continue to in­ crease. 
Any gtft-giver who seeks a lasting rem inder of affec­ tion for the bride couldn’t do b etter than to select sterling. Even one place piece—perhaps a teaspoon or salad fork—is a m arve­ lous gift, and simply proves once again that good things come in small packages. 

There are many serving pieces from which to select. 
The sugar spoon, bonbon spoon and olive or pickle 

Junior League sets meetings 

Junior League of San An­ tonio will have its general m e m b e rsh ip m e etin g at 
9 3U a.iii. F rid a y in the 
Bright Shawl Tearoom. 

Mrs. Robert Ayres Jr., chairman of Texas Youth 
Council will speak about her work with the council. 

The m eeting for profes. sional m em bers of the Ju n ­ ior league will be at 5:3o p .m . 
T h u rs d a y in the 
Bright Shawl. 

 fork for instance are small but handsome and will en- chance a bride's dining and buffet tables. 
So go ahead, give a little sterling! Because a little means a lot to the bride-to- be. and is destined to go a long way—for a long, long time. 
The nicest 
Sale in the world 
Summer is on sale and it’s especially for you because you are a favorite customer and we want you to have the most ^ special buys because we love you. 

MONDAY ONLY 
JAN. 3RD 
Ma©* 
3o% OFF 
,, 

Com e see som e of the most beautiful fabncs in the world. O ur very own fabrics and prints that you may find duplicated in expensive ready to wear. Quality fabncs from the richest knit blends to Qiana* nylon But do hurry, we want you to have first pick 
You can make it. We will show you how. 
Learn to 
Super Sew. 

8 - 2 HR. CLASSES FOR ONLY $2o. 
CLASS SERIES OF STARTING DATES 

W ED., JAN. 5 - 7 -9 P.M . 
TUES., JA N . l l - 7 -9 P.M. 
THURS., JAN. 6 - 9 - 1 1 A .M . 
SAT., JA N . 1 5 - 1 o - 1 2 N O O N 
M O N ., JAM. 1 o - 9 - 1 1 A .M . 
TUES., JA N . 1 8 - 1 2 - 2 P.M. 
Stretch & Sew 
Americas Fabric and Sewing Center 
739-5278 
3929 FREDERICKSftURG RD. 
HOURS* MON.-THURS. 9 A.M.-9 P.M 
FRI. A SAT. 9’3o A.M.-3 P.M. 

SH 

+ *+ + w edding belles + + + w edding belles ,+ + + w edding belles + + 
Son Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2 I 977 

MR. AND MRS. DAVID 
SINGLETARY 

Singletary 

- |1 *; vows read 
Saturday 

M iss Cynthia Louise Sai­ lor and David Singletary were married Saturday in 
St. Andrew's Presbyterian 
Church by the Rev. Dr. Hu­ go A. Bourdeau. 
The bride is the daughter of Lt. Cmdr, and Mrs. E. A. 
Sailor of K ingsville. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Woods Singletary of Dallas. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. 
Ken Higgins. 
The gro o m 's brother. 
Tom Singletary of Dallas, served as best man. Ushers were Victor H. H arding. 
Ken D. Higgins and David 
W. Sadler. 
A reception was held in 
The Hearth Room at the church. 
MR AND MRS. JOHN 
RODRIGUEZ 

Newlyweds will reside in El Paso 

M iss M artha M argaret 
M arks of D allas and John 
J. Rodriguez of Richardson were m arried Saturday in 
Castle H ills A ssem bly by the Rev. Dewey Gardner. 
The bride is the daughter of M rs. M artha B. M arks and R. C. Marks. Mr. and 
Mrs. Jesu s M. Rodriguez of 
San Benito are the parents of the groom. 
Alma Joyce Clark, sister of the bride, was m aid of honor. Flow er g irls were 
Amy Chattaway and Allison 
Chaft* way. 
Neil M astrud of D allas a ssiste d a s best m an. 
Ushering were Richard C. 
Flores and Charles M arks, brother of the bride. The couple will live in El Paso. 

Saxon-Shively vows read in Catholic rite 

The m a rria g e of M iss 
Kimberly Sky Shively and 
Robert M. Saxon w as so ­ lem nized F rid ay in Holy 
Spirit Catholic Church by the R ev. M sgr. W illiam 
Martin. 
Parents of the couple are 
Mr. and Mrs. Rick Shively and M r. and M rs. B. B. 
Saxon. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. 
Wyn T ay lor of D enver. 
Maid of honor was Karen 

M assari. Bridesm aids were 
Mrs. Tim Shively and Mrs. 
Billy Saxon. 
Serving as best man was 
Billy Saxon. G room sm en were Tim Shively, Ja m e s 
Graham and Mike Graham. 
Ushers were Greg M assari and Jon M assari. 
A reception was held at the home of Dr. and Mrs. 
R. J. M assari. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Las Vegas. 

/aJeXia 

House to® 

"THE LOOK OF LOVE" 
Bridal Fashion 
Show 

FOR SPRIN G & SUMMER 

O AK HILLS 
MOTOR INN 

' A I l l ap 
74o1 Wui 
I UflkMk Sund°y' 
/ 
MO'OK 
<** 
3:3o P.M. 

74o1 Wurrboth of Bobcock 

Jon. 9 at 

A First For Sa n Antonio 

A New Innovation In 
BRIDAL FASHION SHOWS 

M a k e your ret»ervahon ncirly by callinq Bridal D e p t 
342-325 I 
924-7176 
223-5566 
D O N T M ISS IT! 

THERE WILL BE REFRESH M ENTS 
D O O R PRIZES 

SPECIAL NOTICE 
SUPER BOWL SPECIAL 

FOR YOUR FIANCEE, DAO, BROTHER, OR FRIEND WHO W ill I 

TAKE YOU TO THE BRIDAL FASHION SHOW. 
I 
OAK M U S MOTOR INN INVITES THEM TO VIEW THE SUPER I 

BOW! GAME ON THE BIG SCREEN TV IN THEIR LOUNGE OR 1 

THE REGULAR TV IN THEIR LOBBY. 

DR. AND MRS. JAMES R. DYKES JR. 

Dr. J.R . Dyk es, 
Sandra K. Goles say nuptial vows 

The m arriage of Sandra Kay Goles and 
Dr. Jam es R. Dykes Jr. was solemnized 
F rid ay in Bethany U nited M ethodist 
Church by the Rev. T. Irving King Jr . The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Thomas S. Goles. The groom ’s parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Dykes of Dallas. _ 
Maid of honor was Debra Tschirhart of 
Austin. Bridesm aids were Carol Goles of 
Austin, Ann Nicklas of New Carrollton, 
Md., Suzanne Pauciello and Kathy Kappel. 
Ringbearer was Matthew Goles. 
The groom ’s father served as best man. 
Groomsmen were Ed Leitner of Austin, Dr. 
Garvin Chastain III, Je ff Ersoif and Ti­ mothy Goles. 
After a reception in Turtle Creek Country 
Club, the couple left on a wedding trip to 
Jam aica. 
+ + + doing your o 

Sitting pretty in a Peacock chair 

A Poodle Perm Sale for people with straight hair! 

Q. 
“ We just s a l­ vaged our old Peacock chair from the barn and plan to restore it.” 
— Mr. and Mrs. R.W., 
Mound Valley. N Y. 
A: 
The rattan Peacock chair with its high fan-like back and base resem bling an hour glass popped into popularity in the late 18oos. 
Originally they were im ­ ported from the Orient, but when the demand for them reached a fever pitch in the period following the Phila­ delph ia 
C enten nial 
Exposition of 1876, Am eri­ can m anufacturers rushed these rattan beauties into production 

The term 
"S a r a to g a 
C h air’ ’ is often used in connection with these super sitters as they were found gracing the porches of the most posh hotels at this elegant New York spa a r­ ound the turn of the cen­ tury. 

Value guide: good condi­ tion circa 19o(1, $325. 
Q. 
“ Do our trifles from the 1939 New York World’s 

F l« a M AgJfeT field s 
Ny DAN O’ IMM RIO 

Fair have sufficient age to w arrant c o lle c to r’s ’ attention?’’ — Dorothy and 
Al, Ossian, Ind. 
A: 
When sou ven ir hunters converged on the fairgrounds, they returned home with tons of tr e a ­ su re s. All of them are guaranteed to find favor with flea m arket followers. 
Value guide: bottle, he­ misphere, milk glass 9 »£’’ tall, $18, cake server, sil- v erp lated , 
$12; m atch holder, $11, paper um brel­ la, 
$12; souvenir spoon, siiver-p lated, $5; teapot, ceram ic, $1o; token, brass. 
Com munications building, 
$4 
Pray 
Q. “ Please enlighten me about a lovely dresser tray marked ‘E lite/L im oges’ .’’ 
—B arbara O ceanside, C a­ lif. 
A: 
This m ark was uti­ lized by the firm of Bawo & 
Dotter in the late 18oos on 

 their ceram ic creations ori­ gin atin g in the L im oges 
^district of France. 
They were American im­ port ag en ts who e s ta b l­ ished their own decorating shop at Lim oges in the early 
187os. 
As the b u sin e ss pro­ spered, they began produc­ ing their own w hitewall iii the 189os. Exquisite Elite procelains are held in high esteem . 
V alue gu id e d re sse r tray , pale pink roses, circa 1895, $35 
Flip 

Current prieeb 

Varga girl pin-up calendar, 1945 ................................... $11.oo 
Rockingham milk pan, circa 187o................................... $38 oo 
Tootsie toy V ictrola............................................................ $2o OO 
Royal Doulton toby jug, fortune teller, 3Vfc” ta ll... $6o OO 
Debbie Reynolds paperdolls.............................................. $6.oo 
Graum an’s Chinese theatre souvenir book, 
1943.. $1o CNI 
Ladies four neck piece, fo x .............................................. $35 OO 
Haviland bone dish, delicate ro ses................................. $12.oo 
Hand crocheted anti-m acassar, eagle design ........... $11.oo 
Victorian love seat, mirror back, circa 1865............. $5oo CNI 
Please note: Prices may vary depending on condition and geographic location 

19ll 
NOW 

 including sham poo, set or blow set 
Regularly 3S.oo. Start the new year by curling up with a great looking perm. Its feminine, romantic and oh- so-easy to take care of. Just call our 
Downtown Second Floor Beauty S a­ lon, 227-4343 or North Star 341-6666, 
Ext.3o4 for an appointment with our perm specialists. (Not available for bleached or frosted hair. Long hair extra charge. Sale price not effective with stylist George Moeller, Down­ town.) P. S. If your hair is wavy and you want it curly, the poodle is for you, too. You can charge it, of course! 

A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
I 

Q. “ I must have everyth­ ing I can find pertaining to 
Aunt Jem im a.” — Evelyn, 
Toledo, Ohio. 
A. 
Collectors positively flip over Aunt Je m im a dolls, vases, cookie ja rs, planters, salt and pepper shakers, banks, door stops and other articles based on this well known lady from pancake land. 
Aunt Je m im a , 
U ncle 
Mose, Wade and Diana rag dolls have long been nur­ sery floor favorites. The 
Grinnel Lithograph Com ­ pany was responsible for the version distributed dur­ ing the mid-192os 
The Aunt Jem im a pottery cookie jar attributed to the 
McCoy Pottery Com pany also deserves mention as a tempting acquisition. Value guide: bank, m etal, $2o; door stop, original paint, 
$32 
Appraise your antiques with Dan D’lm perio’s book and value guide, “ The 
A BC ’s of V ictorian An­ tiques,” Dodd, Mead & Co., 
$9.95. An autographed copy may be ordered from the 
Crown Syndicate, Inc., Ex- press-News, Box 2171. San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297. Please include a check or money order. 

Council slates 

 enterprise talk 

San Arrtonio Council of 
P re sid e n ts will m eet at noon Monday, Jan . IO. in the Pereaux Room of the St. 
Anthony Hotel. 
Dr. Thomas Greenburg, president of Institute of 
Catholic Higher Education 
Inc., will speak on “ The 
C h allen ge to the F re e 
Enterprise System .” 

Lackland wives 

 to hold coffee 

Lackland Officers Wives 
Club will meet at 9 3o a m. 
Thursday in Uh; Lackland 
O fficers Open M ess. 

Honored guests will be the M iss Lackland contes­ tants. 

Hostesses for the event will bt* ladies of the Gour­ met Club, 

No reservations necessary. if 

 are 

Order your favorite Hanes1 hosiery now and we'll send them when the sale starts January 14 

Now's the time to stock up on your favorite styles of Hanes hosiery! Choose from fifteen styles and six colors listed below. To order by mail, just check the style or styles you want and the number of pairs . . . one, three or six 
. . . on the chart, indicate color and size and send it to us at Joske's. When the Hanes sale starts on January 14, we'll send your order right away! Or, you can place your order by phone now . . . or come to the Hosiery depart­ ment at Joske's Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park or Austin! Sale ends January 22, so plan to stock up and use your Joske's charge card1 

DESCRIPTION 

REG 
PRICE 
S A L E 
I P R . 
S A L E 
3 P R . 
S A L E 
6 P R . 

Sandalfoot support 
5 95 . 
4.95 
14.85 
29.7o 
Demitoe Support 
5 95 
4 95 
14.85 
29.7o 

Demitoe Control Top 
3oo 
2.5o 
7.5o 
15.oo 
Sandalfoot Control Top 
3oo 
2.5o 
7.5o 
15.oo 
Demitoe Everyday 
I 95 
1.6o 
4.8o 
9.6o 

Sandalfoot Everyday 
I 95 
1.6o 
4.8o 
9.6o 
Demitoe Sheer 
3oo 
2.5o 
7 5o 
15.oo 
Sandalfoot Sheer 
3oo 
2.5o 
7 SO 
15.oo 
Reinforced heel/toe stocking 
I 75 
I SO 
4.5o 
9.oo 
Demitoe* Shoor caking 
I 75 
I.SO 
4.5o 
9.oo 
Sandalfoot sheer stocking 
I 75 
1.5o 
4.5o 
9.oo 
Sheer Support stocking 
395 
3.25 
9.75 
19.5o 
Walking Sheer stocking 
I 75 
I SO 
I 4 5o 
9.oo 
Sandalioot Kneehigh 
I SO 
1.25 
3.75 
7.5o 
Demitoe Thigh high 
2oo 
1.65 
4.95 
9 9o 

CHOOSE FROM THESE FASHION COLORS: 

South Pacific 
Barely There 
Town Taupe 
Driftwood 
Gentle Brown 
Barely Black 

All styles also available in other colors 

Size_________ 

O R D E R BY M A IL OR PH O N E 227-4211 weekdays 8 a m 'til 9 p m 
Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 
Charge ( ) 
Check ( ) 
Money Order ( ) 
Please send me (he Hanes hosiery indicated above 
I am adding 5% sales tax to my order 

Total O rder 
Total tax 
Total Price 

N am e 
........................................... .................. .................. ................ 
Acct. No. □□□ m m en 

A ddress ................................................................... .................................... 

City .......................... .................. ....... State 
....... Zip ................ 

O utside delivery area, please add I OO for handling Inside deliv­ ery area, please add I OO on purchases 25 OO and under 

TO C A L L J O S K E 'S T O LL T R E E , if you five within a 6o mile radius of San Antonio, dial Operator and ask for ENterpnse 9951 
JOSKE’S 

• • A UNIT O f ALLIED STORES 

 p 

WE HONOR CTL 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

 e n g a g e m e n ts * .+ + e n g a g e m e n ts + + + e n g a g em e n ts +,+ + e n g a g e m e n ts e n g a g e m e n ts + + + e n g a g e m e 

Goldner-Gaines 

M r. and M rs. Lyle E. 
G oldner announce the en­ g a g e m e n t of th e ir d au g h ter, Sheryl Ann, to 
Ralph M. Gaines Jr., son of 
M r. and M rs. R alph M. 
Gaines Sr. 

The couple g ra d u a te d from the University of Tex­ as at Austin. Eioth are em ­ ployed in Houston. 

A February 12 wedding is planned. 

JANUARY 
CLEARANCE 

OPEN MONDAY ’TIL 8 P.M. 

I GROUP I |--------------------------------- 
FAMOUS LABEL 
MISSES’ & JUNIOR DRESSES 
ORIG. $25 TO $ 1 o o VALUES 

o o $ 7 O O $9oo 

I GROUP ll E 
A U SALES FINAL 

Famous Label Misses & Jr. 
JUMPSUITS 
ORIG. $ 3 o TO $ 9 o VALUES 

$ 1 O O O 

I GROUP Mil 

Miss Nolan, 
Mr. Craft to marry 

 in March 

The engagement of Miss 
Virginia Dare Nolan to Da­ vid Louis Craft, son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Vincent 
C raft of A m arillo, is a n ­ nounced by her p a re n ts, 
Mrs. Bonnetta Combs No­ lan of New Orleans and Dr. 
Alfred F ra n c is Nolan of 
Rogers, Ark. 

Miss Nolan is a graduate of M ount St. M ary A ca­ demy in Little Rock and St. 
Mary’s Dominican College in New Orleans. 

Her fiance g ra d u a te d from P ric e College in 
Amarillo and received his 
B A . d eg re e from 
St. 
Mary’s University. 

The couple plans a March 
5 wedding in Assumption 
Chapel on the campus of St. 
Mary’s University. 

UP 

ENTIRE STOCK NOT INCLUDED! 

Famous Label Misses & Junior 
SPORTSWEAR 
O R IG . VALUES TO $ 4 5 ° 

VIRGINIA DARK NOLAN 

Weinstein-Knowlton 

A March 12 wedding in 
Temple Beth-EI is planned by M iss P a m e la Ayleen 
Knowlton and 
E d w ard 
Bruce Weinstein. 

• CARPET SALES • REMNANTS (New A Usmd) 
• BINPING AND ERINGING AVAILABLE 

 lid in en bret tiers 
4 2 6 Seguin rd. 

 san an to n io , te x a s 7 8 2 o 8 

Lydia E. Griffin, 

Brian J. Tehan 

 set March date 

Mr. and Mrs. Arnold A. Griffin announce the engagement of their daughter, Lydia 
Ellen, to Brian John Tehan, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Harold F. Tehan of Dallas. 

The bride-elect g rad u ated from M a­ cA rthur High School and is attending 
Baylor U niversity m ajoring in speech pathology. 

Her fiance attended St. Mary’s Univer­ sity where he played varsity basketball and was a m ember of the Lettermcn’s Club. He is a graduate of Jesuit College Prepara­ tory in Dallas and Baylor University where he majored in finance and economics. 

A March 12 wedding is planned in Trinity 
Baptist Church. 
LYDIA ELLEN G R IFFIN 
BRI AN JOHN TEHAN 

 e n g a g e m e n ts ♦ + + m o re e n g a g e m e n ts + 
Miss Fore 

The b rid e -e le c t is the daughter of Mrs Edward S. 
Cooper and Maj. Bruce R. 
Knowlton of W ichita Falls. 

Her fiance is the son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Bernie Wein­ stein. 
Miss Knowlton graduated from W ichita F alls High 
School and atten d ed San 
Antonio College. 
H er fian ce a tte n d e d 
Trinity U niversity. He re­ ceived a B A. d e g re e in h isto ry fro m Southw est 
Texas State University and a B S. d e g re e in biology from the University of Tex­ as at San Antonio. 

 engaged to 

Mr. Willette 

Dr. and Mrs. Sam L. Fore of Corpus Christi announce the en g ag em en t of their dau g h ter, M ary Ann, to 
Charles V. Willette Jr. of 
Brownsville, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Charles V. Willette of 
Conroe. 

The bride-elect is a can-, didate for May graduation from T he U n iv ersity of 
Texas Nursing School. Her fiance is a graduate of St. 
M a ry ’s U n iv ersity Law 
School. 
MARY ANN FORE wedding in Laurel Heights 
The couple plans a May 2K 
United Methodist Church. 

Freeman- Huber! 

Miss 
M ary 
M a rg a re t 
Freeman, daughter of 
M rs 
K 
E. C raw fo rd of 
Tyler and the late Alfred 
Hoyle F re e m a n of T h re e 
R iv ers, is en g a g e d to 
Charles Paul Hilbert He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Al­ bert G. Hubert of Wilton, 
Conn. 

The bride-elect, formerly of Hot Springs, Ark., is a graduate of the University of Arkansas with a bachelor of science degree in educa­ tion. 
H er fian c e g ra d u a te d from Wilton High School in 
Connecticut and attended the U niversity of O klaho­ ma. He also served in the 
U.S. Marine Corps. 

A M arch 2H w edding is planned in St. Luke’s Epis­ copal Church. 
WHICH ONE WOULD 
MOU CALL FIRST? 

TH E LONGHORN R ESTAU R AN T 
(fen I (My 
11 ,i rn to J 'Cia 
555 2368 
THE LONGHORN 
. RESTAURANT 

Never a bum steer. 

 f e ; ' A 
V 

I In misc I rom a selection ol choice* steaks, fresh vege­ tables. potatoes and desserts 
Filch steak is specially prepared to your liking 
Simph place your order ut the countei dinners will ne brought to your table. 
We cater parties and receptions uh • 
Open 7 days: 11 a.rn. to I .AO a in. 
8o-81 Longview Drive 
555-2368 

 and 

NOBODY I*VFR I FAY FN I HF IHM,HORN HUNGRY 

Answer the question honestly and it should help you, as a busi­ nessman, decide how hie your 
Yellow Pages ad should be. 
You see, big ads attract attention. 
Why is it so im portant to attract attention in the Yellow Pages? 
You have to rem em ber that most people w ho use the Yellow Pages are 
1(Kiking lor a place to buy. 
They know what they’re shop­ ping lur. But the\ want to know w ho’s going to give them what they’re kxik­ ing Ion 
Who’s the most convenient? W ho takes credit cards? Delivers? Picks up? 
Is open at the right time? 
Three out of even lour people turn to the Yellow Pages for this kind 

 ol shopping information. You need room in Your ad to give them the facts they're lixiking Ion 
Eighty-nine percent of the people w ho turn to the Yellow Pages follow up with action. A visit, a phone call or a letter. 

//?s\ 

 y b ilib w " p a g e B 

The Advertising Medium 
Where You Can Afford To 
Stand Out Every Day. 

And once you’ve got their atten­ tion, \o u ’re on your Yvav to the sale. 
So make your Yellow Pages ad big. Make it bold. Make sure people see it. It’s the best opportunity you have to give people the information they need at the time they’re ready to make buying decisions. 
And rem em ber to take special care in the w riting of your ad. Be­ cause, for som eone Yvho’s never done business Yvith you, your entire personality is your ad. You are what 

 y o u advertise. 

Southwestern Bell 

G E M I N I 
(Mov 71 J u n e 2o> 
You m o k e g r e a t p r o g r e s s b v o d i r e c t a c c r o a c h 
Set e v e n in g p io n s e a riv tor od c o n c e r n e d You m u s t m o k e a delicate decision, stick with if later 

C A N C E R 
( J u n e 71 July 77) 
Int f l a t l y e is o u t of y o u r h a n d s m o m e n tarily 
No h a r m d o n e if you m a r k t i m e 
S o m e p e o p l e a r e n t n e a r on w h a t you s a id or del or 
Why. e>plain 
L E O 
( J u l y 73 A ug. 77) 
T a k e o d r o n t o g e of p a s s i n g o p p o rtu n ity , but pe s o re th e m o v e w on t c h a n g e c o n d itio n s a t your P o s e of o p e r a lions, r a ise im a d v e n ie n c e at h o m e 
V I R G O 
( A u g 
71 S e p t yyi 
Anything you do b r in g s you m o re toto p i&nc view. so look your p est a n d speak 
,p 
Allow ro o m tor r« p * o n a t i o n % , o t t e r a v a r i e t y of p ro p o sa ls 
LIBRA 
Sep# 
71 O rt 
??) 
Motor 
I. r e b u s e s , d r a s t i c fin a n c ia l rev t s io n s a r e n t f a v o r e d 
D e c i d e On s o m e b e n e f i t y o u c o n h o v e fo r a sk in g , a n o th e r th at you con de ye lop 
S C O R P I O 
(Jct 
7.1 N O V 
You i a v e m a n y (holi es b e fo re you a n d yso a t t r a c t s tr o n g e r reaction*, f ro m b a th p a r t n e r s a n d c o m p e l , tm*, (.ive it c a re tu i thought b e fo re you m ove 
S A G I T T A R I U S 
(N a y 
72 Dec 
71) 
F . p a n s t u n ol o ngoing p ron-cts d e p e n d s o n c o m p l e t i n g p r e v i o u s w o rk 
G r o u p e f f o r t is t h e e a s y a n s w e r 
I v e n i n g is s m o o t h e r , s h a re a m u s e m e n t s 
C A P R I C O R N 
(Dec 
7? Ja n 
I V ) 
W e lc o m e , d o n I r e s i s t c h a n g e s t a try into new loos is au sp icio u s. likewise the s ta r t of i m p r o v e m e n t p lan s 
Tonight elicits m u tu a l con tide a te s . 
A Q U A R I U S 
(Jo n 7o F e n IS) 
To b rec k with tradition is within r e a c h k n o w w h a t y o u o r e d i s c a r d i n g b e fo re you coll y o u r sh o t 
M inor in cid en ts p r e s e n t a shift in d i r e r lion 
P I S C E S 
( F e b 
IV M a r c h IO ) 
C hanging y our m ind a b o u t c u r r e n t issues is n o r m a l 
A vert w a ste cmd c o n f u s i o n b y c o n c e n t r a t i n g o n s p e cific s 
S h o r e a m u s e m e n t s ton ight, h o v e tun! 

De cor favors light colors 

The lighter, less intern naturals are growing moi popular throughout ti home furnishings industr 
Colors like bone, san oyster, and shell white, w lead the parade in ear 
1B77. 
This is the prediction 
Tom Doherty, design (ii eetor for Naugahyde, w sees one exception. 
“ D eeper earthtones the red and rust side will important. Ginger and b ter sweet are ^specially s nificant,” he said. . 

 eane 
Dixon’s i 
■ ■ 'i v i i 
- 
J* 
:x > 3 f 
Horoscope 

Y O U R B I R T H D A Y T O D A Y : 
TI#, y e a r m a r k s a d e p a r t u r e fro m irfn a s you live it Y o u 're off In s e c r e t of perfection, e k p e c t to find |t out side yourself 
E x p e r i e n c e fin a l ly m a k e s y o u m o n t e the b e st m a n i f e s t a ti o n will be in self d is c o v e r y 
R ela tio n sh ip s t a k e a w e l c o m e t u r n . q u i e t l y b e c o m e m o r e m eaningful. 
T o d a y s n a t i v e s a r e s k il le d vl sipnories, stir u n e v e n r e s p o n s e s to their m is s io n a ry in g or p ro m o tio n a l proposals. 
Those b o rn this v e o r co n tin u e the gift of s tro n g m en to l agility, s m o o th 
Storytelling ability 
A R I E S 
M a rc h 71 April IV) 
In a stro n g flurry of activity, your new c a r e e r a n d b u s in e s s y e a r finally b e g i n s 
N e w r u l e s t a k e e f f e c t 
E v e n i n g in v o l v e s e m o t i o n a l c o m mitment 
T A U R U S 
( A p r il 7o M a v 7)1 
R e m e m b e r 1 this is both o fav o r a b le tim e et y e a r a n d p erio d of y our lite 
Be s u re w h a t you ogre® to is w h a t you really w ont to su p p o rt in f u tu re 

Starring role for ’77 coats 

The start of the New 
Year. has a special fa­ shion dividend — coat sales. 
And coats for '77 are super good looking. With so many styles on the winter scene, coats purchased now are sure lo be “ in” for as long as jo u want to w ear them. 

Very good, very ( lassie, very American . . . the de­ scription sum s up winter coats, design ed and pro­ duced in the States. The accolad e h as a sta r a t ­ tached. 
Som e coats are roomy, with zippered pockets for the traveling woman. 
Others are double-breast­ ed, tailored to a T. for the lady who lunches at name restaurants in town. 
Both kinds of coats are made in the finest fabrics — mohair, flannel, Donegals, cashmere. 

Country — outdoor — coats are rejuvenated 
. by fabric. A white blan­ ket duffle coat is a delicious example. 
Blanket fabrics in gener­ al have caught fash ion ’s imagination — Indian jac­ quards, alpaca with a camel reverse. 
Hoods are attach ed or else com e with alm o st every coat. They are sp a­ cious affairs, usually pulled over a knit cap or scarf. 

The rain-shine coat has not yet been mentioned, and not because it has passed from the scene. 
You simply do not recog­ nize all-weather coats un­ less you are after a down­ cast “ yaller” oil skin. 
Poplin co ats with but- ton-in sh etlan d lin in g s, floral quilted cottons and woven p oly ester with a print lining are just a sam ­ pling of what’s in store for stormy weather. Beautiful­ ly cut and styled they are too. 
Remember, your coat m akes an entrance when you do. An entrance that this year will be delightful. 
PEO chapter 

Chapter DQ. PEO . will meet at IO a.m . Friday in the home of Mrs. John Ur- quhart Jr. 
M rs. Jo e B. Porter will p resen t the p ro g ram , 
“ Pansy for Thought.” 
57 Club dance set Thursday 

The 57 Club will hold a dance at 8 p.m. Thursday in the USO ballroom. 
Travis Harrell, Gerhord 
Heye and 
M m es. 
Iva 
K risch , A lida W illborn, 
D oris M eadow s, Dorothy 
Heye and Doris Alkirc will receive guests. 

NORTH STAR M A U ^ 
344-6244 
WOODLAWN CENTER 
732-85o1 
JANUARY 
CLEARANCE 
1/3 TO I 
OFF 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday January 2 1977 

I Week to begin 

Bridal Week, a series of events for the spring and sum m er bride begins Monday at Jo s k e ’s Downtown, North S tar and 
Windsor Park stores. 
With the theme, “ Jo sk e’s Loves Brides; 
Brides Love Jo sk e ’s ” , Bridal Week pro­ vides a show case of ideas for the girl planning a spring or sum m er wedding in 
1977. 
E v en ts and d isp la y s will illu stra te 
Josk e’s range of bridal services. 
The traditional fashion show, featuring gowns and attire for the bride and wed­ ding party, will be at 7 p.m . Thursday downtown. The show will be held sim ul­ taneously in the Camellia Room restaur­ ant and fourth floor auditorium. 
Terri Steel, Jo sk e’s bridal consultant, will commentate in the auditorium. 
B rid e M ag azin e’s execu tiv e ed ito r, 
Eleanor Becker will com mentate in the 
Camellia Room. 

Feminine 

“ Fashions will depict the fresh feminine look of bridal wear for spring and sum ­ m er,” notes M iss Steel In delicate chif­ fon, satapeau, dotted sw iss, organza and 
English net, the bridal gowns will be sparkling white or soft ivory. 

The bride-to-be may choose a gow n w ith natural or em pire waistline. Important necklines for the com ing season s are cameo, wedding ring, florentine, bateau and Queen Ann. Designers are featuring hats to match the bridal gowns or close- fitting turbans w ith floating short veils 
Manny Luna of the Rose Shop is cus­ tom -designing floral bouquets for the bridal fashion show. 
Another important Bridal Week event will be the School for Brides The school will be at 7 p.m. Friday in the North Star 
Mall store and again at I p.m. Saturday downtown . 

A panel of experts, headed by M iss 
Becker, will present a program on aspects involved iii planning the wedding and first home. 
Complimentary tickets to the fashion show and school are available in the bridal salon, wedding gift registry and station­ ery departments at the three Joske stores. 

Brides are invited to visit the wedding gift registry during the week to register to win gifts of casual dinnerware, stainless flatw are, linen, sm all e le c tric a l a p ­ pliances and a wedding album. 

COATS 
BLOUSES 

DRESSES 
SWEATERS 

PANTSUITS 
PANTS 

JR. DRESSES 
JEWELRY 

FORMALS 
BAGS 

JUMPSUITS 
LOUNGEWEAR 

^NORTH STAR 1o:3o-9:oo 
WOODLAWN 1o :o o -5 :3 o 

P IC C IO N I^ beaded chiffon gow n for the spring or summer bride 
Cozy-Top gown sparks sweater robe 

You can t say Olga isn't practical. 
This is how the ( alifona intim ate apparel designer thought up her Cozy-Top nightgown a while back. 
“ Women like to read in b ed ." she explained over the phone, “ and most of the time, they seem to be cold around the shoulders.” 
But th ey ’re not cold where they’re covered by the blanket. So Olga, whose last nam e is E rteszek , created a nightgown made of brushed nylon on top and tricot on the bottom. 
"The tricot was slick and smooth and didn t twist ar­ ound the body.” 
Warmth on top, comfort 

 below. A simple and effec­ tive notion which women took to gratefully, holding a copy of “The Ghoul from 
B en so n h u rst’ ’ up to the reading light. 

 t u i t i o n 

 it’s not but it 

Qi 
Now, O lga has tackled the what - can -1 - slip - into 
- to - look - presentable - to - the * pie - eyed - Osborns - w ho’ve • dropped - in — and don’t - they - know - what - time - it - is? question 
“ We don’t have a definite name for it yet." she said. 
“ It s not a houserobe, but it 

January 
Clearance Sale 

January 2-15 
Save 1o% to 5o% on selected merchandise from our regular stock in 
, 
* these departments: 
Diamond jewelry. Men’s prestige-name watches. 
Ladies’ fashion ami diamond watches Gold jewelry. 
Costume jewelry. Mountings. Giftware. China. 
Crystal. Siiverpiate. 
Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
American Express, BankAmericard, or Master Charge. 
Select now for birthdays, Valentine's Day, anniversaries, graduation and every other loving occasion. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone.^ 

UM un* ti cewenie** «*»-#• ptam rn 
H m t m I m w • RenRAKMfcmd • * * * * * * Ch w e 

 rwtm rnWWWW 
I f f ! i 
^ 
IKJ I. Houston 
• heord-' Star Matt fijiIle Mrn 

 can be worn as one a h o ste ss gown, serves as that.” 
It looks like two-pieces, a sweater and skirt, but it’s actually one-piece and what it is is O lga's concept of sweater dressing. 
It s flattering and warm, she says, “ and because the bottom is rigid, it doesn’t stretch out of shape, so it can also be worn outside,” 

Washable 

The sweater top is IOO per cent orlon, the skirt a com­ bination of polyester, wool and acrylic and the whole thing is machine-washable. 
“ They’ll retail for IOO or 
$o5, depending oil the style, and they’ll be in the stores in September ” 
The three styles include a turtleneck sw eater with belted skirt in sage or cin­ namon, a cardigan top with buttoned-down skirt in sand or sea colors and the V- neck, su rp lice sw eater paired with a side-buttoned skirt in blueberry or mul­ berry’. 
So when the Osborns re­ mark. out of their martini haze, “ We didn’t realize it was so late; you didn’t have to dress up for u s," you can sm ile and think. “ You should have and I haven’t.” 

 yw uH tdsL 
By 
NO RM AN H. STARK 

Maybe you're having a party. You have on your co ck tail d re ss and the snacks are laid out on the table. Then the guests ar­ rive. 
Now you tak e drink orders, soft or hard, and they all need ice. But you’re ready because you’ve fro­ zen ice cubes ahead of time. 
But are you? 
First you turn the cube trays over — over the sink. 
Nothing happens Ihen you hit the tray against the sink Agaui nothing. Final­ ly you try hot water, and then they come out, much sm aller than they should be This can be avoided 
All you need is two table­ spoons corn oil and two tablespoons peanut oil. Mix these two in gredients to­ gether and coal inside of ice cube tray s and d iv id ers before putting in w ater. 
Store in g la ss or p lastic coniame/s. 

■ PLUS iDEPOS 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 

O 

 p°£ 
6-F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

 d o in g y o u r o w n th in g + +*+ d o in g y o u r o w n 1f in n 
LOGE 
+ + + d o in g y o u r o w n th in g + + + d1 y o u r o w n ti 

Yam paints new designs for coasters 

It has been noted that needlepoint done in fine wool makes the ideal coaster, since it absorbs moisture but doesn’t become water­ logged. 
It stands to reason, then, that the same wool would do as well by another method. 
The illustrated coasters 
Were made by a simple process we call “ yarn painting,” and they have as subject matter simple co­ lorful Indian motifs. 
The yarn used is about the weight of baby yarn. How­ ever, since I have seen no brightly colored yarn of this size in our country, I have used tapestry yarn instead. 
It works quite well, both because of the weight and because of the wide range of colors available. Don’t try using Persian-type needlepoint yarn — it doesn't work. 
The backing for these coasters is one-eighth-inch 
Masonite, cut in four-inch squares. This material is ideal, since the sides and back require no finishing and the working surface needs no previous prepar­ ation" However, I have found that if you’re using light colors, it’s a good idea to apply two coats of goss. 
Designs 

To begin, you will need, of course, designs for your coasters — or fur your pic­ ture, if you’d rather do a larger piece. 
The Indian myths, either pictorial or geometric, are ideal for this craft, and they are quite popular now . T he choice is large, as Indians are located from Alaska to the tip of South America, and their individual cul­ tures offer an enormous range of designs. 
Transfer your design to the Masonite with white graphite paper or dress­ maker's carbon. Use gray graphite if the Masonite surface is gessoed. Spray lightly with clear acrylic, and lid dry thoroughly. 
Now spread a thin coat of white glue mixed with water over the surface Ii your glue is thin enough, the pattern outlines will show clearly. 
Begin laying down your yarn slowly and carefully. and pack each round tightly against the previous one by pushing with a toothpick or. 

RECIPE 
CONTEST 

T R A D IT IO N A L C R A F T S 

B y JUDY HARPER 

 preferably, a No. I knitting tion carefully, you will see needle. (The knitting nee- that there is a great deal of die doesn’t stick to the yarn very interesting shading, as will a toothpick.) oven with these small de- lf you study the illustra-' sign areas. The motifs are 

 outlined in black and the central motifs have about six rounds of background, following the exact con­ tours. 
Between the design con­ tours and the edges, the rest of the background is filled in with concentric triangles and shapes following the central design contour. The 

 outside edge lf black. 
Be very careful not to get glue on the topside of the yarn. 
After you have become adept with the yarn and after a bit of experi­ mentation, you will proba­ bly find that yarn painting, simple as it seems, offers a great deal of creative free­ dom and expression. 

Send for Judy Harper’s booklet, 
“ Flowerpot 
Covers,” and learn how to make these interesting gift items. Send your request with $1.25 and a large (No. 
IO), self-addressed, stamped envelope to Judy 
Harper, Express-Ncws, Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex. 
78297. 

YARN-PAINTED coasters 

Chi 

CRY-O-VAC WHOLE 
BONELESS 
BRISKETS 
LB. 

DECKER’S 
LUNCHEON 
MEATS 
SLICED BOLOGNA 
SALAMI PICKLE LOAF OR LIVER 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 
HALF 
BABY BEEF 

•cur l f it 
LB. 
■ 

 fre e z e r- * 
. 
\-.v- / - • I* •• ■ 
•’ 
WRAPPED ie 8 3 * 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 

HIND 
UARTERS 
SHORTENING 

42 OZ. CAN 

♦THESE PRICES GOOD SUNDAY, JA N . 2ND thru WEDNESDAY. JA N U A RY STH 1977 AT ALL DELUXE LOCATIONS♦ 

 f a r m e r b o b ’s p r o d u c e s p e c i a l s 

TEXAS TREE RIPE 
TANGERINES 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 

 inese recipes wanted 

New Year celebrations don’t have to end Jan. I 
Look ahead to the Chinese 
New Year—and all the delicious food that goes with it. 
In the meantime, send your favorite 
Chinese rcci|M‘ and enter the next 
News food section contest. 
Five dollars w ill go to the person entering the best 
Chinese recipe by mailing it to Food Fditor, The News, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex 
78297 before Jan ti 
Write your recipe oil one side of a sheet of paper, toll why it is your luvorite and sign your name, gi\ mg >our address and daytime tele­ phone number. 
Only tested recipes arc eligible, and only one entry from each contestant will be considered 
The winning Chinese recipe will be published 
Jan. 2o. Watch for the win­ ning macaroni recipe Jan. ti and the winning spinach recipe Jan. 13 
Astronaut 
C.M. Duke to give talk 

Military-Civilian Club will meet for luncheon ut 12:15 p.m. Monday, Jan IO, in 
Lackland Officers Open 
Mess. 
Col. Charles M. Duke Jr,,( astronaut and commander of Apollo IO, will speak and show movies of his April, 
1972, space mission. 
Seated at the head table will be Mmes. James Bas­ kin, Allen M. Burdett Jr., 
W illiam 
I*. 
Francisco. 
Charles A. Lysaght, Claude 
L. Na hers, John W. Ro­ berts, Francis J. Seiples, 
Ted L. Skeans and George ll. Wallace. 
Also the four hostesses, 
Mines. Andrew F. Iosue, 
Spurgeon H. Neel Jr., Ro­ bert N. Campbell and Dan­ iel P. Pace. 

T-BONE 
STEAK 

SIRLOIN 
STEAK 

RIB 
P STEAK 

GROUND 
MEAT 

U .S. N O . I 
PINTO 
BEANS «ssr 

RED RIPE SALAD SIZE 
TOMATOES 

RUSSET 
POTATOES 

8 LB. 
BAG 

TEXAS TREE RIPE 
VALENCIA v a l e n c i a rn ib>. c mm n r k 
ORANGES 6: T ° 

KUBY BED 
U S t _ n 
GRAPEFRUIT 6 ; $| oo 

COLORADO RED 
DELICIOUS 
DELICIOUS 
A 
LBS. 
■ n n 
APPltS 
4 'I oo 

TEXAS KINGS 
YAMS 
COLD WEATHER TREAT 

IONEE 
FLOUR 

FALSTAFF 
BEER! 

SUPER SUDS 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 

DELUXE 
PHARMACIES 

★ SHOP, C O M P A R E a n d SA V E A T THESE L O C A T IO N S ★ 
51o3 S. FLORES 
3414 NO G AUTOS 
924-4389 922-6351 

1o67 BANDERA RD. 
432-o964 

STORE HOURS 

★ 51o3 SOUTH HORES 8:oo a m. to 1o:oo p .m . 

★ 41o7 BLANCO ROAD 8:oo a .m . >o 1o:oo p.m. 

★ 2o31 GOLIAD ROAD 8:oo a .m . to 1o:oo 7 T 

★ 3414 NOG AUTOS 
8:oo a m . to UhOoTiT 

★ 23o7 VANCE JACKSON RP.8:oo a m to 1o:oo p m" 

★ 1o67 BANDERA RD. 7:oo am. to 12:oo MIDNIGHT 

★ 435o CALLAGHAN ROAD 7:oo ajw.1 2:oo 

• WE GLADLY ACCEPT FOOD STAMPS • 
PLUS TOP VALUE STAMPS 

MIDNIGHT 

A rea business confident of steady grow th during 1977 

By RICHARD SMITH 

I D R I S S N EW S BUSINESS EDITOR 
The words that best sum up 
1976 and forecast 1977 are “ re­ covery” and “steady,” 
Moat businessmen an* forecasting that several factors will become more evident th is y ea r; 
A renew ed confidence strengthened by the in­ coming t arter adm inistration, les­ sened inflation, level interest rates and a stabilization of the economic situation south of the border. 
Iii a sense, a continuation of what was begun in 15*76. 
"I foresee a slow, but steady econ­ omic recovery this y e a r,” says <’. 
Linden Sledge, president of the Frost 
National Bank. “ Businessmen disco­ vered some real problems in 1975.” 
“ After careful analysis, they.bogan finding solutions in 1976," he says. 
The local economy was dominated 

 by a number of factors — the deva­ luation, M exFair TH, a rise in the number of conventions, indications of an improving housing industry, a layoff specter early in the both the private and public sectors. 
Some of the events : 
• Levi Strauss, the largest g a r­ ment manufacturer in tin* world, purchased facilities for a boy swear plant which will ultimately employ 
1.6oo workers. 
• 
Bakerline, a m aker and m a r­ keter of oilfield products opened its 
WI,(MMI square-foot plant here in Sep­ tember, and is expected to em ploy 
24(1. 
Projects in the public sector boost­ ed tin* economy as well; 
• Tile Air Force Civilian Personnel 
( enter was located at Randolph AFB. 
The $1o million project will create 4oo new jobs civilian jobs. 
• The San Antonio Real Property 
Maintenance Agency (SARPMA) was 

 established iii December to house the maintenance activities at Randolph, 
Lackland, Kelly and Brooks AFBs, and at Ft. Sam Houston. Located at the San Antonio Air Station adjacent to Ft. Sam Houston, the project will em ploy between 2oo and 57o ad d i­ tional workers, 
• 
A new c o m m is s a ry head­ quarters. located at Kelly AFB, was im plem ented in O ctober, creatin g approximately IOO jobs. 
• Iii May and June, approximately 
95o workers were laid off at Kelly because of military reductions, but in 
Septem ber approxim ately 55o new jobs came open, absorbing some of the unemployed. 
Iii areas of energy, the City Public 
Service will rev up its two coal-fired electric generating units. The two 
418.ooo-kilouatt-units are expected to produce WI per cent of San Antonio area's electric requirem ents by the end of the year. One unit w ill begin in 
Retail sales gain during the year 

The past year was consi­ dered “ excellent” to “ good” bv major retailers here. How-' em*, it was admitted that the, past year hadn t been an easy one. 
Overall sales perform ances wert* uneven and several factors made the v car's assessments difficult to gauge. 
Nonetheless, the retailers felt that sales would exceed last year's gains 
One of tile factors that affected sales early in the year was the up­ surge by the stock m arket and the confidence that a recovery was in the making. 
Then during the middle of the year. the so-called “ economic pause” set in and sales, as well as confidence, leveled off. 
“In January, we had a bull market cycle, with a wide participation of all the stocks in the trend," says Dennis 
Kamphoefner, resident m anager of 
A.G, E dw ards. “ The ONP (Gross 
National Product) in the first quarter performed at an unsustainable pace and we anticipated a slowdown But it has lasted lunger th an we first thought.” 
Correcting the excesses 
“ Smcethat time, weessoiitially have been co rrectin g the excesses that occurred then,’ he says, 
“ But now we are beginning to pull back. 
For one thing, factory ord ers are improving." 
Possibly, the c u s to m e r’s buying habits have tightened up a bit. ac­ cording to Mel Lender, senior vice president, marketing and sales pro­ motion, for Joske’s. 
“ The c u s to m e r se e m s to have d rastica lly reduced d isc re tio n a ry buying,” he says. “ During 1975, they were buying m ore freely, but last year they have been cutting back, and have become m ore value cons-’ clous.” 
“ I’m not sure, but possibly the ef­ fects of the tax rebates carried over into the first quarter of this year,” he says. “ But since May, the consumer realized that the earning power of the dollar had dropped," 
Cautious optimism 

Although the past year has seen the effects of the series of peso devalua­ tion locally, and the uncertainty dur­ ing the election, most are cautiously o ptim istic because of the c u rre n t stability of the Portillo adm inistra- 

Retailers reported sales gains fo r IV76, hut nuts! adm it the year had been difficult to gauge because o f the many outside foetors which o ff ce ted customer buying. However, forecasts fo r this year are fo r a continuing, steady improvem ent. 

 lion and the increasing confidence in the new administration here. 
“ It was an excellent year,” says 
J.VV. Frier, general manager of area 
Scars stores. “The spring was consi­ derably ahead of last year, but there was a softening of dem and in No­ vember, partly due to problem s in 
Mexico and because of an early cold spell which caused sonic winter lines to move early.” 
He says that with the upsurge iii seasonal sales perform ance during 
December, sales will be a record. 
“ But it hasn’t been easy,” he says. 
“ It s hard to tell because of the two ex tra days before C h ris tm a s this 

 year. It will be a record, but we’ don’t know if it will be by a little or a lot.” 
Noticeable effects 
"The peso devaluation had quite an effect d u rin g O ctober and No­ vember in San Antonio in general,” lie says “ iii our case, the effects of tin* devaluation were noticeable, but it was not a drastic situation like our stores along the border.” 
M urray B erkow itz, president of 
Frost Bros, says it was a “ fine” year. 
“ Sales volume for the sto re ex ­ ceeded the sales projections we made earlier in the y ea r," he says. “ De- 

Mathews takes over as head o f Dallas 
Federal R eserve 

Irving A. Mathews of San Antonio has taken office as Chairman of the 
Board and Federal Reserve Agent of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas 

 late s p r i n g and the other i i i early fall. 
• Windsor Park Mall, t h e largest iii South Texas, o p e n e d its doors iii 
Ju ly with m ore than UMI stor* s covering some 1.2 million square feet. 
During the* year, some of the local companies became headliners: 
• 
C h u rch 's F ried Chicken was rated the “ fastest growing company 

 iii the country” by Financial World magazine, based on the com pany's’ past IO years of growth performance. 
During that period. C hurch’s earn ­ ings per share rose from lour cents to 
$2 35. 
• Sigmor, Inc. was ranked first 
(alter the “ Big Fight" multinational oil c o m p an ie s) i ii o verall p e rfo r­ mance by Forbes Magazine iii its 28th 
A nnual R eport on A m eric an In ­ dustry. 
• Tesoro P etro leu m Corp. w a s raiiki*d 23rd on the Fortune 5oo list of the largest U.S. industrial corpora- 

IRVING A. MATHEWS 

Mathews, chairm an of the board and chief executive officer of Frost 
Bros., has served as director of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas since 
Jan. I, 1974. 
Prior to his app o in tm en t to the 
Head Office Board, Mathews served a three-year term as a director of the 
San Antonio Branch. 
M athew s su c ce ed ed Jo h n L aw ­ rence, president of J. Lawrence, Inc,, 
Management Consultants of Dallas, 
Lawrence has served as Chairm an and F ed eral R eserve Agent since 
Jan I. 1974 
M athew s is a native f Toledo, 
Ohio. and holds a bachelors degree i ii economies from the University of 
Michigan. 

I ii addition to his position w i t h 
Frost Bros , he is president of the retail division of M a n h atta n In ­ dustries, Inc., with responsibilities for stores in four states 

Well-known in the business and so­ cial community here, Mathews has been a director of the San Antonio 
Symphony and the United Way. 

 finns, with 1975 sales of $815.8 m il­ lion. Tesoro was also ranked first in earnings p er sh are growth over a 
16-year period in which per s lib re earnings rose from five cents to $4.o4, 
• Commonwealth Oil Refining Co. 
(Coreo) moved its offices from New 
York. C om m onw ealth is 36.7 per rent-owned by Tesoro and is ranked 
251 on the Fortune list with sales of 
$784 million in 1975. However, the troubled refiner was rated iii the top 
111 of money losers, with 1975 losses of 
$24 2 million. 
• The Associated Milk Producers, 
Inc. was also ranked on the Fortune list, in 141th place with 1973 sales of 
$1 48 billion, 
• Lone Start Brewing Co merged with the O lym pia B rew ing Co. of 
Olympia, Wash., the seventh largest brewer iii the country. Harry I), ter- 
Mg, president and board chairm an of 
Lone Star, th** seventeenth largest brewery, announced his retirem ent. 

 effective with the final transactions. 
• Frost Bank Corp, entered into a definitive m e rg e r ag re em en t with 
Cullen B an k ers, a H ouston-based bank bolding Company. The m erger, subject to approval by shareholders and various regulatory authorities, would change the name to Cullen/ 
Frost Bankers, Inc, 

• The US AA Building, a $ 126 mil­ lion. J I million square-foot h ea d ­ quarters for th** United Service Au­ tomobile Association, was dedicated 

 iii April Also, USA A Life Insurance 
(LlFFCO) passed flu* $2 billion mark lor insurance in force. 

In all, the past year presented a foundation for growth du rin g this year, according to most observers. 
“ We’ve passed through the hard 
J u n e s ,” says Sledge “ Now' w e’re r e a d y to resum e the growth and ex­ pansion that have always character­ ized American business ” 
Hie instant certificate is the ideal certificate 

Bexar County Savings 
Instant Certificate isn’t the only certificate that pays 61/4%. And, it isn’t the only one available for a $1 OOO deposit. However, it is the only certificate that pays interest this high on a day-in and day-out basis. 
This means you can add or withdraw whenever you wish and still earn 61/4%. 
The ideal certificate is ... the Instant 
Certificate. Available only at Bexar 
County Savings. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
I 
YIELD 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45%] 
Bexar County 
Savings 

13oo McCreless Shopping City, San Antonio, Texas 78223 
(512) 532*3136 

♦Chartered, supervised and examined regularly by the 
Savings and Loan Department of the Slate ot Texas# 

E X C E S S 
SMEWS' 

AR AMA MM m e M p 

J i J A f i M JI C A I T 
Business and Finance 

H 
Sunday January .2 1977 

. 
Review and 
Forecast o f 
The business 
Scene fo r 
San Antonio 
And 
South Texas 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

HOO 

1ooo 

9oo 

8oo 

7oo 

5oor 

4oo 

3oo 

2oo 

IOO 

381 I. 

COPYRIGHT 1975 by Charles t Cordell 

194 4o 
212 SO 
-Tilter 

Down Trend 
Months 
Ur Trend 
Months 
-BEAR MARKETS - 
Point loss 
Per Cent loss 
BULL 
Point Cain 
MARKETS- 
Per Cent Gain 

192o 
1932 
Hiqh 
Low 
Sop lut 
381 17 
41 22 
34 
339 95 
89 19 

1937 
1938 
High 
Low 
M-ir 
Mar 
194 4o 
98 93 
12 
56 
-95 45 
-49 IO x 153 18 x 371 62 

1938 
19-12 
High 
Low . 
Nov 
Apr 
168 41 
92 92 
41 
8 
-65 49 
41 34 
-59 46 x 6oo9 

1946 
1946 
High 
Low 
Mriy 
Oct 
212 6o 
163 12 
5 
49 
-49 38 
-23 24 x 119 58 x 128 69 

1953 
1953 
High 
Low 
Lin 
Sc?p 
293 79 
265 49 
8 
75 
38 3o 
-13o4 x 13o 67 x8o ll 

19S6 
1967 
High 
Low 
Apr 
Oct 
62! o5 
419 79 
18 
31 
-IGI 26 
-19 43 
♦ 265 56 
X 1o3 94 

19% 
19bo 
High 
Low 
Ian 
Ort 
685 47 
6 % o5 
9 
27 
-119 42 
-17 43 x 265 68 x 63 29 

1% I 
!9b2 
High l-OW 
Dec 
(un 
734 91 
535 76 
6 
14 
-199 15 
27 IO x 168 86 x 29 83 

19% 
19% 
High 
Low 
Feb 
Oct 
996 15 
744 32 
8 
44 
256 83 
-25 21 x 459 39 
-85 75 

1968 
19/o 
High 
Low 
Dec 
May 
985 21 
631 16 
17 
26 
354 OS 
-35 94 x 24o 89 x32 36 

1971 
1971 
High 
Low 
Apr 
Nov 
95o 82 
797 97 
7 ll 
-152 85 
-16 o7 x 319 66 x 5o 64 

1973 
1974 
H iqh 
Low 
Un 
Dec 
1o51 7o 
577 6o 
23 
14 
-474 IO 
-45 o9 x 253 73 x 31 86 

"3hr|,-T% ^ 
W "'v 
'K - 
/ . 

 hi" 
.......... .......... 

163 12 

1929 193o 1931 

'a 
41 22 
'"ill 

193? 1933 

:?8 95 

1934 1935 1936; 1937 1938 1939 194o 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 

AH HIGH and LO W figures printed in the table and the chart are extreme DAILY C LO SIN G S reached during the month in which they appear 

Bull m ark et posts second year 

By CHARLES E. 
CARDEN 

Tile Dow Jones In­ dustrial Average has completed two years of its 12th bull market since the 1929 crash. 
No man can say how many more months remain in the bull market, nor how many points are to be added before it tops out. 
The average duration of the previous JI bull mar­ kets since 1929 has been 32 months. 
This one already has ac­ cumulated 
24 months. 
Thus, on Hie basis of that historical average, this hull market is entitled to at least 8 more months. 

But the peculiar charac­ teristics of the performance of the Dow during 1978 suggest to many analysts that a “ base" has been formed on which there can be built many more months of uptrend. 
The latest of the bear markets bottomed out on 
Dec. 8. 1974. when the average closed at 557.6o. 
During last few weeks of 
1974 and all of 1975. the average added 294 81 points to close 1975 at 852.41. 
But during the first month of 1978. a spectacu­ lar advance of 123 points was added. 
Then for eight months the average fluctuated in a narrow range of a mere 8o points. The high for the year was 1o14.79. posted on 
Sept. 21. 
Perhaps that long period of hesitation was attributal 

2 a 

The Board of Directors of the 
FrostBank Corporation 
San Antonio. Texas has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 '/> cents a share payable 
December 27 1976 to shareholders of record as of 
December 13,1976 

 hie to uncertainty over the 
Presidential election. The victory of Jim m y Carter was followed by a six-day decline of 42.o5 points to 
924.o4. 
Since then, the trend has been upward. 
The reversal was widely attributed to a growing belief on the part of stock market participants that. as the President-Elect ho­ gan to enunciate his po­ licies. they were less of a threat to the economy than some had feared. 
During the 48 years be­ ginning with 1929. the number of bull markets and the number of bear markets has been even at 12 each. But the bull markets have been much more ex­ tensive than the hear mar­ kets. with the result that the long-term has been ever upward 
Although the market was troubled during 1976 by the uncertainties surrounding the election, some of the 

I ii 1 9 7 6 , the m arkets responded to a mitigation o f such nagging problems as high interest and inflation rates and the plight o f Mew York City. At year's end , they trended upward as the country’ found out more about President-elect Carter. 

 other problems that had plagued the market and the economy for a number of recent years were mitigat­ ed. 
In 1974, interest rates as represented by the prime lending rate of major banks reached a 1oo-year peak of 
12 per cent That rate ended 
1974 at IO per cent and it moved pregressively lower in 1975 to 7 per cent. Since then, during 1978. the downtrend has continued and by year-end the rate was down to 8 per cent — one half the peak rate of 
1974. 
Another major bugaboo 
— inflation — was still not 

 licked but the rate of in­ crease during 1978 was somewhat than in the two previous years. 
Still hanging over the market and the economy was the fear of further in­ creases in prices of oil set by the Organization of 
Petroleum 
Exporting 
Countries. 
A further problem that had slowed latest bull mar­ ket- in Us early stages in 
1975 and part of 1978 was the continuing threat of de­ fault on its outstanding bonds by New York City. 
By the end of 1976. while 
New York’s problems had not all been solved, there 

 was no default and the city was able to put its financial situation in a more nearly stable condition. 
Encouraging to the bulls has been the continued ex­ pansion in trading volume. 
During 1976, new records for daily, weekly and an­ nual volume were set. 
In the week ended Jan. 
3o, weekly volume reached an all-time high 162.23o,7o5 shares. On Feb. 2o. trading reached an incredible 
44.513.ooo shares, exceed­ ing by more than 5 million shares the previous all-time record for a single day. And 1976 volume by mid-November had already exceeded the 1975 record of 
4.693.427.ooo shares. 
Additionally, trading in call options continued to expand. Such options on stocks listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange were traded heavily on the Chi­ cago Board of Trade, the 
American Stock Exchange. 

 the Philadelphia Stock Ex­ change and the Midwest 
Stock Exchange. 
A call option entitles the holder to buy a specified stock at a specified price within a specified period. 
Since options are traded at very low prices in rela­ tion to the price of the stocks themselves, the medium offers both little men and sophisticated traders opportunities both for highly leveraged trad­ ing and for hedging techniques. 
Many professionals sell options “ naked’’, that is. without previously owning the underlying stock. When the options are exercised, such a seller must purchase stock with which to meet the call, and this has added significantly to trading volume. 
While the trend of the average is reflected in the table and in the chart-lines in the accompaning chart. 

 changes in the trends of each of the 3o individual stocks vary widely. 
During 1976, the five best percentage gainers among the 
3o issues were: 
Chrysler, United Techno­ logies, Johns Manville. In­ ternational Harvester and 
Alcoa. The five poorest performers in the average in percentage were East­ man Kodak. Union Carbide. 
Minnesota 
Mining and 
Manufacturing, Procter & 
Gamble and Esmark. 

The other 2o stocks in the average are Allied Chemi­ cal, American Brands, 
American Can. American 
Telephone, 
Bethlehem 
Steel, Dupont, Exxon. Gen­ eral 
Electric, General 
Foods, General Motors, 
Goodyear. Inco Ltd. Inter­ national Paper. Owens-Il­ linois, Sears Roebuck, 
Standard Oil of California. 
Texaco. U.S. Steel. Wes- tinghouse Electric and 
Woolworth. 
A steady financial growth is predicted for the year 

The past year was seen by several members of the finan­ cial community as a recovery year — and a corrective year. 
Despite the general slowdown experienced about midyear, and the confusing effects of the pe­ so devaluations, most feel optimistic entering this 
> ear's business, but realis­ tic in that a slow, steady progress is in store. 
' We are fortunate to have a general stability that helps in adjusting to econo­ mic cycles," says Richard 

Calvert, president of the 
National Bank of Com­ merce of San Antonio, “ But it has become apparent during the past quarter that the optimism being ex­ pressed on a national basis during the early part of 1976 has subsided. 
“ This could well result in 

J- — \ 
^ iiU L ta U ), 
V 
V 

LOAN PLAN 

(M A R O S Y 

Our Preferred lo a n Plan is designed specifically for those times when you need up to $7,5oo or m ore. .. for bill consolidation, automobiles, big school money and home repairs. An SIC representalive will help you determine the size of your loan. We like to loan big money at SIC. 

H ER E ARE S O M E E X A M P LE S O F OUR P A Y M EN T S C H E D U LE S 

Amount Financed 
Monthly Payment 
Total of Payments 
Finance Charge 
2.6oo 
4.ooo 
5.ooo 
4o 

$ 71.5o 
11o.oo 
137.5o 

3.432 
5.2oo 
6.6oo 

Monthly payments — Annual percentage rate, 

$ 832 
1.28o 
1.6oo 
14.34 % 

W h ere's the m oney com ing from ? 
That's w here! 

T X # .m o u r n l i « # « t * 6 i * * 11 no* O# IX# n#* proc#—"X, p j'O IQ .Ow i* n v .u 'j'v .# 
«•„ dttvffcd int iud* 1 

3oo3 San Padro 
736-1521 

1o1o S.W. Military Dr. 
171 

W Y 

232o SowtlKrass 
532-4171 
4433 Fredericksburg Rd. 
HSI 

225 last limbo 
225-2676 
Offices aba ie Del Ria 

E.H. CANNON 
DRILLING COMPANY 

JA N U A R Y l l - 1o:oo A M. 

Location: E. H. Cannon 
Drilling Co. Yard 
Pearsall, Texas 
TXQS 77-o111 

RIG NO. 1 (Trailer Mounted): 
BET H LEH EM SBO; IHC Die­ sel; 55’ Double Pole. EMSCO 
Cl2; B R EW ST ER 5oT Shorty; 
288o' • 4V,"; 8” x 3o'; 4 • 6 " x 
3o'; Related Equipment. RIG 
NO. 2 (Truck Mounted): JO Y 
276; 
CMC 
8-71; on 
IHC 
RF 192 Tandem Truck w/56' 
Mast; 
EMSCO 
T I 2; 
GD 
FD FX X F; B R EW ST ER 
12"; 
12oo' • 3"; 3 • 6 " x 3o'; 
Reiatad Equipment. R IG NO. 
3 (Truck Mounted): Shopbuilt 
SD. on IHC Tandem Truck w/5o' 
Melt. 
EMSCO 
Cl 2; 
HACKER 12‘* Rotary; 81o' • 
2-3/8"; 4" x 2o’, 6” x 3o'; 
Related 
Equipment. 
A D D I­ 
TIO NAL EQ U IPM EN T; Shop- built SD Drawwork* w/OMC 
6-71, 16%" Rotary; JO Y SD; 
B R EW ST ER 
18" 
Rotary; 
19oo' ♦ 4’V ; 225o' • 3 V ’l 
CAM ERON BOP; Weight Indi­ cator; Elevators, Pipe Racks; 
Welders; 
Air 
Compressors; 
Pumps, OMC & 
CUMMINS 
Engines, 1956 FORD T7oo; 
1956 CMC; 1968 C H EV R O ­ 
LET 5o, 1969 C H EV R O LET 
Pickup; 
1967 
C H EV R O LET 
Pickup; 5 • Floats & Lowboys. 
HOUGH 
HF 
Loader; UNIT 
51A Dragline 

W>i*#/Call la, Daw*ia*i># S>atXw>a moan mrnnmnmu 
MSO NON7MCENTRAL EXPRESSW AY 
DALLAS TEXAS HJO« • 214/692 o o 2 

 a soft economy as we enter the new year. However, there are more positive signals than negative. We anticipate another year of growth and expansion of business this year." 

What comes to mind 
One of the events of the past year that cropped up most in the money managers' minds was the drop in the interest rates during 1976. 
“ The reduction of the prime lending rate (the rate given to a bank s best customer) from seven and a half per cent in December of 1975 to the present six and a quarter per cent has significance for an economy ready for business growth,” says C. Linden 
Sledge, president of the 
Frost 
National 
Bank. 
“ Plenty of money is avai­ lable through banks for loans, and businessmen are willing to undertake pro­ jects that require borrow­ ing of capital." 
John K Meyer, president of the Alamo National 
Bank, agrees. 
“ Interest rates have been down, but as business picks up in this year, we may see some modest rise. lf any, but nowhere near the inter­ est rates of nine to 12 per cent of two years ago.” 

Several were disappoint­ ed that the year's progress could not sustain the pace set in the first quarter, but felt that the fourth quarter, although slow, was a good starting-off mark for this year's developments. 
"Interest rates have gra­ dually gone down and are still trending in that direc­ tion,” says 
Charles 
Chewers, president of 
Broadway National Bank. 
" Although predictions have been made that they would be on the rise by now, the economy has not turned ar­ ound entirely." 

“ The year had good and bad news," says Byron Le- 
Flore, president of Bexar 
County National Bank. 
“ Although the recovery progressed, the annual rate of expansion slowed down to four per cent.” 
Inflation had been mo­ derated from the double­ digit figures down to ar­ ound five and a half per cent, he says, but the unemployment rate rose in the second half back up to eight per cent. 
The peso problems wer­ en't far from their minds, either. 
“ The devaluation of the peso,” says Meyer, "has been significant. Betail sales figures, particularly those of the downtown merchants and hotels, have slacked off." 
"But I see it as a transi­ tory thing though.” he says. “ Things in Mexico have stabilized, and this year we can look to the re­ storation of some of the bu­ siness that we lost last year.” 
Presidential optimism 
For most, a reason for optimism was the election of Jimmy Carter. Although the President-elect has yet to take office, his move­ ments in economic areas have been encouraging. 
“ With the new administrations^ efforts to improve employment and deal with inflation,” says 
Earl Collins, president of 
Hartandale 
State 
Bank. 
“ The scene will be set for a restoration of consumer confidence and a return to the market. This should lead to capital expansion programs which will im­ prove loan demand. 
“ It’s a standard proce­ dure, but that’s what s needed to get the consum ers confidence up." says Collins. 
"It was an exceptionally good year for savings and 

 loans.” says W alter W. 
McAllister IU. president of 
San 
Antonio 
Savings. 
“ There was an adequate inflow of savings and a surprising supply of de­ mand for mortgage loans." 
In the conventional loans area, he says, the prime rate started at the first of the year around nine per cent and then fluctuated narrowly, finally ending up at the present eight and a half per cent for a single family dwelling, financed at 8o per cent. 
Time certificates 
McAllister says because of the lower mortgage loan rate, the savings and loans have cut the rates on aver­ age four-year time certifi­ cates from seven and a half per cent to seven per cent during the year. 
The passbook rate has remained constant at five and one half per cent, the maximum legal rate, he says. 
Banking legislation and investigations were also part of the year’s news. 
"W e saw significant le­ gislation in favor of the consumer, such as the equal credit opportunity act, which gives women and men the same chance for credit," says Collins. 
Investigations 
In O cto b er, a subcom­ mittee of the U.S. House 
Banking Committee met here for a week long ses­ sion of hearings into the failure of the Citizens State 

Bank of Carrizo Springs. 
The panel concluded that the collapse of the bank was blamed on a laxity of bank­ ing supervisory agencies in regulating the buying and selling of Texas banks. 
Other items included the 
National Bank of Com­ merce of San 
Antonio opening its $8 million com­ plex, The NBO Center, in 
May. The three-bloek faci­ lity houses an eight-story office building having a floor area of 11o,ooo square 
•feet and a 1o-level parking garage. 
FrostBank Corp. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cullen 
Bankers, a Houston-based banking holding company. 
The merger, which is still subject to approval by shareholders of both com­ panies and by various re­ gulatory groups, would change the name to Cul­ len/Frost Bankers. Inc. 
One new bank, the Plaza 
National Bank, opened its doors for business during 
1976. 
Bank deposits 
Bank deposits in Bexar 
County have continued to increase to new records. At the last bank call on Oct. 
17, deposits for all 4o Bexar 
County banks were 
12.728.121.1o3 o6, compared with 12.426.298.o36.38 for the 39 banks in the similar 
1975 period. 
Total loans were 
$1,3o6,o25,427.87. compared with ll .282.65o,465.91 in 
1975. 
Award deadline 

Competition for the Dis­ tinguished 
Salesman's 
Award is again being of- fered to outstanding sales­ men in San Antonio . says 
Ladd Little. DSA Program chairman, Sales and Mar­ keting Executives of San 
Antonio, Inc. 
Entry deadline is Jan 15, and the contest is open to 

 all member and non­ member companies in the area. For more informa­ tion. call 532-3151. 
Little says the trophy is designed by the same artist w ho created the "Oscar" of the motion picture in­ dustry. and carries with it recognition for superior professional achievement. 

DOW JOMES ENXDUSTHRIAL AVERAGE; N.YS.E. INDEX 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

Medium industry chances im prove 

San Antonio’s indus­ trial future looks bright for the inflow of businesses to continue his year. 
Th? industries most like­ ly to relocate here will be in the light to medium-size range, says Ralph Thomas, president of the San Anton­ io Economic Development 
Foundation 
“ We'll see more of the wholesale, distribution-* type o u tle ts," he says, 
“ more machining opera­ tions like electronic parts m anufacture, and m ore companies in the medically related fields.” 
“We are beginning to feel some heat fiotn the Hous­ ton and Dallas areas, par­ ticularly the Dallas m a r­ 

 keting district," he says, 
“ because Sau Antonio is becoming a viable compe­ titor for those markets. In­ dications point to com ­ panies establishing branch, regional and headquarters here rather than in those places.” favorably 
Thom as says the pro­ spects for this year com­ pares favorably with the outlook shared this time last year. 
“ We arc now carrying about 9(1 companies in the 
Foundations's “ active pro­ spects” file,” he explains 
“ These are companies ex­ pressing more than a pass­ ing interest in relocating here. 
He added that communi­ cations are kept up with these companies on a regu- 

 lar basis. 
"Last year at this time we carried in this file about 
46 com panies,” he says. 
“ Although we have purged some businesses and added some others to the file over the year, this is a signifi­ cant increase,” 
SAMA outlook 
Mitchell Webb, president of the San Antonio Manu­ factu rers 
Association, agrees with Thomas that the outlook for this year is better than last year's ob­ servation. 
“This time last year, the business picture itself was pretty dormant because of inflation and the govern­ mental uncertainties," he says. “ At that time, new regulations were being put into motion by the Occupa- tional Health and Safety 

 he 

H ousing starts should rise by 18 per cent 

Year’s opening surge was an all-time record 
By CHARLES E. 
CARDEN 
Tho year just closed was m arked by a spectacular upsurge in the Dow Jones Indus­ trial Average in Jan­ uary, followed by a period of fluctuation in a narrow range of 8o points and then a modest year-end uptick. 

The January advance of 
123 points was the best for any month in history. 
Th** year’s opening abo was marked by an un­ precedented surge of trad­ ing volume. 
Iii tin* week ended Jan 
JO. weekly volume reached an all-time high of 
IH2.2 Jo.7o.) >harcs. And on 
Feb. 2o. trading reached an incredible 
44,513,ooo shares, exceeding by more than 5 million shares the previous all-time record for a single day. 
That heavy trading early in the year helped the m ar­ ket achieve its highest yearly volume in history'. 
In mid-November, 1976 volume had already ex­ ceeded the 1975 record of 
4.693.427.o(1o shares The total for 
1976 was 
5,36o.125,oo8 shares. 
For several months during 1976, (he Dow In­ dustrials played peek-a-boo vmih the l.oof) line, crossing it 12 times only to tall back tor a fresh assault. 
Th** year's closing high of 
1o14 79 was made on Sept 
21 This failed by only 37 points to exceed the a ll­ 

 lime record high of 1o51 7o made on Jan. ll. 1973. 
Another important fea­ ture of the 1976 market was 
Hie degree to winch the blue chips iii tin* Dow Jones 
Industrial Average failed to match the performance of the NA SE index of all com mon stocks. 
This was especially no­ ticeable when the Dow fell from its Sept. 21 high to below the previous year's low made iii June. 
On the other hand, the 
NYSE index, although falling from the Sept. 21 peak, never fell below the 
June low. 
Analysts noted that this reflected a consistently stronger interest in the broad list o! stocks than iii the blue chips. This trend held when the market began lo recover from its 
November low, when inter­ est continued to spreads sharply into a wider range of issues and as a result, the NYSE index recovered faster. 

Prio r to the election. there were mixed emotions and mixed political predic­ tions, which kept market swings narrow 

In the first six trading days after the victory of 
Jimmy Carter, the Dow In­ dustrials dropped 
42.o5 points. 
But thereafter, the trend was generally upward as market participants acted on a growing belief, as the began to enunciate his policies, that they were less of a threat to the economy than some had feared. 
Many technicians believe that the market moves in three waves On this basis, the strong upsurge in the 
Dow during the first half of 
1975, when it gained a record 265 points, repre­ sented the first wave. The second wave was marked by the upsurge that began with the spectacular Ja n ­ uary 1976 advance. 
The relatively narrow trading range since that 

 upsurge is regarded by many as having built the basis for mounting the third wave 
During 1976, the five best percentage gainers among the 
3o issues were. 
Chrysler. United Tech­ nologies, Johns Manville, 
International Harvester, and Alcoa. The five poorest performers in the average in percentage were E ast­ man Kodak, Union Carbide, 
Minnesota Mining and 
Manufacturing, Procter & 
Gamble and bismark. 

 t he other 2o stocks in the average are 
Allied 
Chemical. 
American 
Brands. American Can. 
American Telephone, Beth­ lehem Steel, Dupont, Exx­ on. General Electric. Gen­ eral Foods, General Mo­ tors. Goodyear, loco Lid. 
International 
Paper, 
Owens-Illinois. 
Sears 
Roebuck, Standard Oil of 
C alifornia, Texaco, U.S. 
Steel, Westinghouse Elec­ tric and Woolworth. 

Forecasts are for a reasonably good year iii the local housing in­ dustry, with mortgage money in good supply and m ortgage loan rates stable for at least the first half of the year. 

“The outlook for housing is brighter today than it has been in three years," says 
Frank Munupelli, president of the Greater San Antonio 
Builders Assn. 
“Total housing starts iii the U.S. for this year is currently forecast at I 75 million units, an increase of 
|H per cent over 1976 figures,” lie says 

“ San Antonio will follow closely this national trend, and perhaps fare even bet­ ter than th a t," he says, 
“assuming the city govern­ ment will not adopt a no­ growth policy in preparuig its current master plan.” 
“ Construction financing rates will be rather stable with probably no increase over the next six months,” he says. 
VA and FHA loans 
Interest rates and d is­ counts for VA and FHA loans arc likely to drop during the iirst part of the year, but pick up after the first quarter’ according to 
Joe Loper, president of 
Loper Mortgage Co. 
“ In January of last year, the rates for these loans were nine per cent, hut dropped down to the cu r­ 

 rent rate of eight per cont.” he says. 
“ The general consensus is that tin* rates will con­ tinue to decline throughout the first q u arter of the year, hut go up when the economy gels going,” he says. 
Housing starts 
“ However, we will probably se*' ar? increase in housing starts within 12o days," he says. 
He says that conventional mortgage Tati's, which run higher, are following the same trend. 

George Leeah. president of the Sail Antonio Board of 
Realtors, says the number of sales for preovvnod home units is on the increase. 
“ Fur the first ll months of 1976, the number of units sold was 7,2o9, compared with 4.835 units sold in the similar ll months in 1975," he says. “ This is a 49 per cent increase.” 
“The dollar volume of the units sold for the first ll months of 1976 was $221.94 million, a 55 per cent in­ crease over the $142.7 mil­ lion in units sold in the same 1975 period,” he savs 

«Agency (OSHA), and the 
Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA).” 
“We didn t know exactly what to expect from these regulations because of the broad inspection policies,” he says. “ Now, we have more familiarity with these laws and the overall situa­ tion looks a lot better.” 
Webb says that at the dart of last year, there had seen the closing of the 
Pa rah plant, and many emporary layoffs because 
>1 the economic conditions 
\lso, very little hiring was going on at the tim e, lie says. 
Non-polluting 
He sees more of t overall light industry com­ ing to town. 
“ We ll probably have more of the overall light industry, ami the non-pol­ luting types of producing companies, like clothing m anufacturers, electron ­ ics. plastics and pharm a­ ceuticals ” 
Webb also forecasted more biod lines and ware­ housing could come into the area as well 
The local aircraft maim factoring industry looks promising for the y e a r’s production pace, according 
Donald Redpath, vice pre­ sident. m ark etin g , for 
Swearingen Aviation 
“ In 1976 our deliveries have been Ive!ter than 1975’s by 2o pit cent,” lie says. He attrib utes the growth in sales to increased com ­ muter and corporate a ir­ craft trade, and predicts additional growth this year iii the 1o-12 per cent range for the 
4oo-employe builder. 

RETAILING 

CONTINUED 

KROM IG 

 spite the devaluation and its inhibit­ ing effects on the customers." 
D L. Morris, president of Dillard's, characterized 1976 as a “ leveling out” year for sales, but says most retailers would experience modest gains. 
“ Without any doubt, the devalua­ tion of the peso was the most adverse economic event here because of our close ties with Mexico." he sayv “ It will continue to be a factor until it stabilizes, and now there are some signs that it will stabilize." 

“ It was an improvement year." says Vem Vogt, manager of the South 
Park Mall .J C. Penney store. “ It 

 started off fast and then slowed down and leveled off. The fourth quarter didn’t develop as we had predicted, but then extrem e ups and downs don’t really help anybody.” 
“ However, the fourth q u a rte r seems to be that kind of quarter which leads into a steady growth year, avoiding any extremes.” 
“ We found 1976 was a good year, but the last quarter was not as strong as we had anticipated," says Judy 
Farber, general manager of Rhodes in Wonderland Mall. 
“The biggest single reason for the slow last quarter has been the fluc­ tuation of the peso which didn’t allow 

 us to accept them. ” 
“We think that although there will lie a slow start in the first quarter of this year, there is a general feeling of optim ism that things will get stronger," she says. 
J.V. (Jim) Johnson, metro district m anager for M ontgomery Ward, classified the year as a ‘‘well-ba­ lanced" year, where all lines sold proportionately well. 
"This will be another good year, but a competitive one." he says. 
"The business is there if we go out to get it. The customer is looking for the best value, but not necessarily the cheapest.” 
Car sales post gains 

Here's How 

I 
Iow a/ o v e rlo a d an d job »**• l o th 
O verhand an d labor a t I Ho (oh win or town* tor an liK ito tm g Orara of building c o a t. $pood Fob f rat* cu ll IMH by m as, producing pan*!, a* our plant w hile the foundation an d C ob ara being poured 
PonaW o re than delivered lo the lob trio an d gurrkly e ra t ted 
? 
A design build compony 
Speed Fob Crete hor lull planning, design and build mg topabiliHer from your idea to the linirhed pioduct. We will alto work from your plan, 

3. low maintenance and insurant# (Oil! 
There , nothing lo wear out on a Speed Fab Clote building and ii decorative aggregate, ate uteri, no pointing it neterrary dem ure tl't modo of lonrrele. intutonre tater ore low. 

4. Speed of conrtrurtion dem ure Speed Fob Crete lr e modular ryrtem, ten rtruction lime r cut contiderably 
Th ie tenuity in lower interim finance to ri, and earlier occupancy. 

5 
Team management 
Wo ofter o tingle retponnblo route# for dengn and conrtruclion al a guaranteed price within a .pacified time period 

6 Higher! quality dem ur* Speed Fob Crete building, ere mode et concrete and fleet, longer term leant are available. 
You ion toe I buy a bolter building et any price 

OO 
WAREHOUSES «lo w as 
Bu lid i aq under fool 15,ooo *q. ft. or more 
Price intruder; 
Building IOO' X ISO'. Slob end foundation en 
In. your level lite, preceiF 4 high; rte* I ber (out, I ply built up roof 
12 H ryrtem with 22 

 lo ed b eerin g well* ply built up to e ' mete) decking end VV r euge merei flem ing eno '/j personnel d o o r,, I iteel I I f overheed door*; 14 geu g e m etel lure ie, ye u p p er, 
P O B IO m iler Sen Antonio erne All pricer mey very slightly et different plenty end d lrtencer 

Panel, are pretor) at plant, trucked to lob vita and quickly erected and welded into place 

CIA SUF MO OtVPlAr 
OAUitio oupur 
CAA AMP IU OFU1AT cukunuMiFar 
Cl A k&tl HD oi veiny 
U A IW tU OtUtAV 

4•W 

Coe of the indicators of the (veal economy is oil the rise — new car sales. 
Mmda Welch, general manager of the San Antonio 
Automobile Dealers Assn., sees-the outlook tor this ye&iF&s another building year. 
“ Dealers feel that if the present economic condi­ tions hold or improve, they will he in the vanguard of an even higher upswing.” she says. 
Although sales figures for 1976 are incom plete, those figures for the first ll months of the year compare favorably with the figures iii the similar 1975 period. 
As of November in Bexar 
('aunty, the total number of units, including cars, trucks and motor homes, was 48,229. coit I pared uith 
44.344 sold in the similar 
1975 period 
Of this total, 37,369 ears were sold during the first ll months of 1976, compared with 35,8oo new units sold in 1975, an increase of nine per cent. 
Welch feels the m ajor reasons for the moves balk to the new car lot this year were the improved gaso- 

 line-mileage averages and the new emission and per­ formance standards 
In the trucks category, 
1o,472 units were sold, an eight per cent increase over the 8,345 units sold in 1975 
Increased vacationing and a lessened fear of the fuel shortage may have been factors for the signifi­ cant gain in the motor home department. 
A total of 388 units were sold during the first ll months of the year, com ­ pared with 199 units sold in the similar 1975 period, for a 51 per cent increase 

Marketplace 

Lout* Star Livestock 
C ommission Co 
Next Sale Thursday, Jan. 
6th at ll a m. 
We wish everyone a Happy 
New Year 
Owners: 
Frank 
Helvey* 
Buddy Groff 623-52oo 

GMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short It 
Long Wheel Base Vanduras 
It Subarbans 
TINDALL Ii SON 
Pontiac, GMC 

Highly creative people with years af experience in an facets af advertising, marketing and pubic rotations. Problem sabring with new creative approaches by Ibis talented group is the basic component af our agency That's why we say: Our most prized assets go down in the elevator at the end of each day - Cal us today and see for yoLisel! 828-5771 
IHE HERTlttSE GROUP 
Sud® 6o2 Alamo ScMngs tower qqi NI Loop 41o San Altona tonal 782o9 (512)82*6771 

P a g e 
4 - G 
S o n . A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y J a n u a r y 2 1 9 7 7 
COM PLETE YEAR-END REPO RT 

* B — - C 

 s,ock E kchanoe issues trading tor IW 4 The net change and percentage chang** is fro m the previous year on issues listed p rio r to Jan I, 197* 

 u 
Soles 
N et 
H,9 h 
P l 
(h d t I 
High Low Lost Chg 
A C I7 Ind I 8o77991 
8 34th 
3 1H 34*4 + 
9 '* + 36 3 
A J In d u s t 
17442 8 
AH l?k AW 
+ 
? H 
+ WO 
A M F in c I 24 67o46 1124H 
U U J IH 
+ 
I U 
+ l l 
A P L Corp I 15997 
5 U H 
12H W U + 
' , + 
3 6 
ARASv 
I 2o 
17445 13 6oH 
+ 4 , 
SO 
+ 2 
+ 4 2 
ASACtd 8o 7997o 
33 
U H 2oH - 
8 * 9 - 3 o 1 
A TO Inc 28 25431 
6 I I H to 
* 
3W + 45 5 
A b b tL a b I 57471 
16 5 5 , 
37H 491, * y r* 4 19 7 
A tm eC lv 
5o 
45o3 
15 IGW 
SU 
9’ a + 
1 , + 2o.6 
A drop?; o4 
67o2 5 
AU 
2 H J 
+ 
'9 + 
A dm t x 9 Ie 1258o 
12U 
9*4 12H + 
A d m s M lllis 
3741 7 
Si/, 
3+4 414 
+. 
Addrssg 
,1oe 
57327 18 13’ 9 
7+4 
13V« + 
A etnaLf 
I TO 151174 IO 36U 
22H 
351* + 
Aetna L l p*2 
769 
53'a 
MW S3'a + 
Actu irre c o 
1o65 14 H W 
A , H W + 
A hm adi, 22 
21529 
6 17 
9W 
16+k + 
A ile e n Inc 
19876 ’ 8 6 U 
2' a 
J U + 
A ir Prod 
2o 
2657o IS 39H 
29W 35+» + 
A irb n F rt 
*o 
A5o41 
13 15' a l l 
14' a + 
A tropine I 15 
4o795 7 3 4 , 
ITV. 
3oU * 
Algona 
1 2o 
12626 
13 25+4 
13W 
H U - 
AlaGas, 1 28 
2o16 8 U U 
13'• 16'* + 
A iaPw pi l l 
2o73. 
113W 1o4' a H IU 
A laP p f* 44 
2o1 
1o3''7 89 
1o3'a + 
A la p pt8 16 
1366o 
9o 
78 
9o 
+ 
A la p pts 28 
23C 
91 "J 
77'+ 
89' 
A laskln 
6oe 
18254 4 
A lbanyln 
72 
368o 
8 

4 4 
2' a + 24 7 
W + 
9 7 
5 » + 68 3 
12 
+ 5 o 8 loVa + 44 6 
7'h +158 3 
6W + 
68 
H + 
24 
2 5 
63 + 
♦ 75 2 
- 
54 
+ 22 6 

5W 
13'' 
I 
3 

17*4 tianyin 
77 
368o 
8 
2 1 , bertoC 
3* 4278 17 
8 W 
Al ber ISO 72 1 198o l l 
23 U 
A lcanA lu 
4o 
89817 53 3o+x 
14397 6 
18W 
161o3 18 
28 
24228 7 
9 '. 
9o72 IS 

AicoStd 
8oa 
A lc o n tb 
78 
A le rd rs 36*' 
AHegCp 
75e 
A llq l od I 97 
A llq L u d w i 
A llqLud ,H3 
A llg P w I 68 
ALienGrp 
6o 
A lld C h I 
Al Id M r I 
64 I 
A lldP rod 
6o 
AltdStr 
I 8o 
AndSlr pl 4 
A iid S u p m k l 
A llisC hai 
9o 
A U H A ul 6o 

12346 7 
63 
4346 
73563 
8 
1o592 6 
8o 67424 
7468 
3644 22 
33472 
6 
7542o 
17719 
8768 3 6 
2572 
9 
A lp h a P rt 
25e 4353 6 
A lcoa I 4o 85186 18 
A m a lS ua 3a 
3773 
A m * * I 75 576-* 14 
A m a* pts 25 
2683 
A m a* p ts 3 
7 54o 
A M B A* 
I 
18195 
A m e rce I 2o 2431 
7 
A m rc p l2 6o 
628 
AMess 
6o 
114436 
A Hrs ptJSO 
7454o 

13 >4 
43 1 4 
25 W 
45' a 
22 W 
2o 
44 '9 
13W 
15’ » 
5 9 '. 
57 
6 
29*9 
9 *. 
"i5*i* 
61' 
7 
41' 
6o 
146 
59 
8 
25' 4 
21’ . 
37' a 
9 
32’ . 
74' + 
A A tr 9 ill 56 138H 
9 
2 !'« 
A m A irlin 13o2o6 
7 
16‘ , 
Am cnrd 
38 
13241 
8 l l 1* 
Am Baker 
I 
5998 5 
15W 
A Bends 2 8o 29o16 IO 
46 
A B rn d p l I 7o 
H S I 
76 
Arn Bde Si I 985o5 16 
4o' . 
A m B ldM 
5o 
4631 7 
12'. 
Am Can 2 4o 
32824 
8 39.. 
A f an pH 75 
1558 
73 U 
A m fe n M tq 
5528 
3 
A n n e rre 5 Ie 1*681 
5 
U U 
A ry a n I sn 993oo IO 
78 
A m O 'S liil 
3985 12 l l 
A D iS lT e l 84 
18o17 12 28W 
A m O u a lV t 
3752 
8 ’9 
A Oui p i 84a 
1913 
I4>. 
A m t I Pw 7 o* 1317371o25' a 
A fa m ily 37 5*o7 
I 
13' a 
A m i inS y p l 
648 
14 
A m i InSyS 
11*o2 
AGI Bd I 96e 
934o 
A GenCv I 17 #557 
A m G nlns 
48 
54714 
A rn o ld p f I IO 12762 
A m G ln p l 9o 
45*9 
A m t+oist 8o7o1o7 
5 
A m H o m e I 192523 19 
A H em ept 2 
75o 
A m H osp 4o571o5 19 
Am Inve st TO 
134o1 33 * 
A M e d 'fI 74 7*779 IO 1 3 '. 
A M ed'ria 
IO 
57233 6 
9W 
Am M o to rs 1241 ie 6 
TW 
A N a 'P 7 44 3o878 
8 
44W 
Am Seal 4o 
4618 
7 
I ?', 
A Ship 37r 
8516 
7 
17 
AmStnd 
I » 
*2546 7 
IO' 
A Sid p i 4 75 
9747 
84 
AmS!<* ii 
3o 
26V14 13 
8' 
Am Sirs I 9o 
9o1o 
6 
33 

I d , 
ISH 
4 u 
1 8 , 
4- 
SH 
7’ J 4 
U U 
23W 
4 
19+* 
23H 
4 
U U 
, 8 , 
4 
18’ . 
22+4 
4 
5 , 
TW 
4 
7W 
IJ H 
4 
26’ J 
37 
4 
2 4 , 
2 4 , 
33'+ 
41W 
4 
H U 
27’ + 
4 
A1* 
U H 
4 

33* \ 
+o 
1 2 , 
4 

*v . 
1o+x 
4 
LO’ . 
+6 
4 
5 3 , 
54’ , 
4 
7 ', 
3W n u 
25 U 
4 
6 , 
SU 
4 
AW 
1 5 , a 
3 1 ', 
57W 
4 
3o 
3SW 
47 
59 «. 
4 
115 
1 4 4 , 
4 
SJW 
59 l l , 
J J U 
4 
HW 
H U 
4 
29' / 
34W 
4 
1 6 , 
3 1 '. 
4 
45 U 
73 
4 l l ' . 
18 + . 
4 
8 , 
13' / 
4 
AU 
I I H 
4 
I 
11+4 u w 
4 
SAW 
4 5 '. 
4 
21 
74U 
IA U 
JA / 
4 
8 + . 
IO , 
4 
3 o , 
39 
4 i 
I I 
23 
4 d . 
V t 
4 i i i ' . 
17’ a 
73W 
77". 
4 
7’ . 
IOU 
4 
I * ' . 
2 7 , 
4 
4' . 
8 
4 
, 
H W 
,4 
4 
2o' + 
M W 
4 
8' 7 
13 
4 
I U 
IOU 
4 
J U 
3’ 7 
+ 

15' a 
17 
17 
3*9 
4W 
1W w 

5 W 
IO’ . 

8 • 
3W 
3W 
AU 
2 a 

17 6 
15 4 
IS 5 
34 4 
336 
27 7 
7 8 
21 9 
28 5 
5 8 
7 6 
71 J 
41 

24 3 
2o J 
37 7 
2o 3 

H 
+ 
3 6 
1. 
+ 
.6 
H 
+ 
1.6 

U H 
+ 115 A 
J U 
4 
34 
AW a UA 
1 8 , 
+ 48 J 
H 
- 
2 I 
ITW 
4 26 5 
31U 
4 28 3 

1o'S + 88 4 
I t * 
13 I 
SU * 17 7 
15 
76 >4 
3’ . 
4 W 
6’ . 
7 '. 
V t 

1 9 '. 
M 
7 W 
I 1. 
P l 

■ 89 * 
1 57 8 
* 
75 
52 1 
‘ U4 2 i 18 8 
18 5 

IO! 3 
> 
7 6 
1 24 3 
* 
8 2 
. 
IOO 

6 W 
75 W 
72'9 
25 
18’ . 
15 
18 
8 
TOW 
12' a 
2o'. 
79'a 21’ . 
79’ 
TI 
18'4 
37 W 
167 
371. 

13W 
21 

3 
. 
12 I 
V t ♦ 38 3 
5 '. 
+ 23 
3W + 82 9 
P . + 14 3 
AW + 21 4 
+’ . + 57 6 
J W + 52 6 
I ' . + 47 4 
I W 
+ 7 
7 ’ . 
♦ 18 
6’ . 
+ 5o 
V t 4 32 4 

Am TAT 
18o 
A -n t& T p f 4 
ATT 
DI A3 64 
A f t plB 37 4 
A W aiW k 7o 
AWL tp* 
I 43 
AvV p r l I 75 
A A Spl I ?5 
A m rrpn 
I 
‘ A - rsT) ll* 

155336 l l M W 
4375* 
MW 
17439 so 
3o5o4 
SI W 
3677 l l * 
SIO 
WO 
4J37 
7995 

6 
12 
I* ' 
14' a 
14 '4 
7 
IVW 
. 
* 
W 
A m etek I 4o16631 IO 
79W 
A m t*, in t 
I u+ao t ii St Pine 
4 1 74 266 25 
3SW 
A n p to 6o 
3913 
9 1 3 '. 
A rn pea £ ^ rp 
$9517 l l 
9W 
5448 
TSH 
5 
IH I 

Amrgp 
Corp 
A m is!ar I 35 
Am H r pf 68 
Amst PITAS 
94 
Am sled ? 1343o1 
8 
A m ie ! 
36 
11o7o 
9 
A nacoco 6o69464175 
A m rh rM I 4o19475 
7 
A ndC ly 
7 
7864 
8 
A n d C la y w i 
8 
A n g e lica 16 77o2* 
9 
A c u te r 2o 
9767 
I 
AdSUlCo s it 
719o 
Apache 5ob 1*627 
6 
I 
A pen OU 
11)83 32 
Apeco Corp 
2324* 
A pP w p it IT 
746 
A p p * pl 7 4o 
-433o 
Appl id M ag 
6885 l l 
Arc a 'a N 6o 17467 
8 
A rr a 'N pf 2 
1*3 
A rrh D a n TO 88773 9 
Arctic 
E ntr 
8o71 
| 
A rista e 
11347 
A ri/P S v 
I 48 
46o66 9 
Ar 1 P f* 
IO Kl 
944 
Ark Best 
44i 
SOU 
A rk t GS I 8o 18359 9 
A rle e B lty D 
75o65 
Arm ada CP 
7761 
9 
A rm ed I 8o 44599 
9 
Ar m pf 7 IO 
5993 

IU 
2 4 , 
9 
TO' a 
54' a 
* 
H W 
37W 
SOW 
73 W 
I U 
IO 'a 
ITW 
7 
9 'a 
IO'. 
WW 
23 W 
3U 
91 
83 
4W 
I * 1 a 
28'a 
72' l l ' . 
W 
6 
3' 
3W 
I * . 
19'. 
IS 
I U '. 1o3 
WW 
6 
3o 
7 1 'a 
4W 
2 
5 '. 
4' 
15'a 
7 6 '. 
37W 
27 

2 8 , 
37 
— 
I , 
4 I 
13o', 
,43 
— 
I 
— i 
28 . 
3o U a d . 
4 
J 8 
?' I 
SU 
4 
3 , 
135 
5’, 
U U 
4 
7U 
4 111 3 
SH 
A' 
4 
3". 
4 a a 
I , 
4 
— 
I H 
— 25 6 
3 2 , 
43U 
4 
IO 
4 
79 5 
8 , 
A , 
4 
I v. 
4 
14 7 
BW 
IS J 
4 
A , 
4 
14 I 
1 6 , 
28W 
4 
I I H 
4 
JOI 
541 , 
82 
4 
ITW 
4 
49 8 
6 
7U 
4 
, 
4 
9 6 
TAW 
32' 
6 
4 
22 6 
SOW 
63' / 
4 
I ? , 
4 
74 8 i i 
66' . 
• 
I I L 
4 
TO 6 
4 3 , 
4 9 , 
4 
5W 
4 
12 5 
45 
SO , 
4 
5 , 
4 
U 5 
8 , l l , 
4 
3 
4 
34 8 
15' / 
18' 
4 
3 
4 
,9 4 
ITW 
U 
. 
I 14 
4 
9 8 
I? ' J 
14 , 
4 
7 , 
4 
22 9 
1 4 , 
H U 
♦ 
, 
4 
39 
5' / 
U , 
4 
AW 
4 111 4 
1 9 , 
28 + . 
4 
* , 
4 
48 4 
U 
IS '. 
— 
' . 
— 
8 
26 
TAW 
4 
I '. 
4 
A A 
8' J 
13 
4 
4 '. 
4 
? 
4+4 
I , 
4 
3H 
4 
67 5 d . 
? '• 
♦ 
, 
4 
21 4 
19 
7 3 , 4 
4 , 
4 
IS 7 
? , 
A . 
4 
, 
4 
8 3 
Y I , 
6 8 '. 
4 
U U 
4 
29 8 
JA 
S IH 
4 
23 • 
4 
I , I 
AW 
7 
4 
IU 
4 
33 3 
U U 
3o 
4 
17’ . 
4 
75 J 
72 U 
3 o , 
4 
?’ , 
4 
J 7 I 
SSW 
47 
4 
12 
4 
34 3 
U H 
7 3 , 
5 
AU 
4 
+» a 
5 8 
SH 
I U 
— 
H 
9 4 

I ' 
74' 1 
68 
7’ 

23' 
A rm * p l 4 75 
A rm slC k 
I 
A rm f pt3 75 
ArmW u 
85 
AroCorp 
1b 
A rv in 
57e 7Wo3 
A rv m ln p f J 
3149 
A*,arco to 63433 W 
7o 
I ) 
A \h 'O il 
» 9o 
398o1 7 14W 
IVW 
AshlO pf 7 « 
IST 
6* 
A sdP rG 
I SO 
24995 l l 4o 
A lh lo n e 6o 19477 
5 
W 't 
At 1 co M fg 
6173 
4 W 
A llC yE I 
1 6? 
14187 8 24 W 
• I'a 

677 
S I' 
4oo85 13 
37’ . 
7861o 
57 
46‘ . 
599 7 
4 J I1. 
IS 
1271 
7 TO'. 
I? ’ . 
16+. 
9 W 
79'a 25'4 

4o' a 
77' 
8*4 
1W 

AHCI p ts 17 
99 
A IIW .ch I 6o 69551 12 
A tiR rh p l ) 
573 
A H B , p f3 75 
294 
AHB p l 7 8o34257 
A lln sC p 
1724 I? 

M 
4 *', 
137 
66 
2o7 
57 
14 1 
75 
54 . lo w 
WW 
A iifn D a ta 74 151o7 7235'a 
75 
A n im m d 74 7o79o 6 
* W 
4W 
A v e r C orp 
785W 
7 
I S '. 
4'a 
Ave pc p WI 
1o179 
I ’ . 
I 
Av* nCp p l 
135oo 
41 * r l l ’ . 
Aver y in ! 
16 
15197 71 
29’ . 
I71 
A y s Inc IOT 49o15 
7 
13 • 
7* a 
Av net tor 
6o 
114*7* 7 
2 o'* 
IO11 
Avn el p i 
I la l l 
71 
A vnet p l J SO l l * 
IQI 
SI 

8W - 
Id ’ a + 
17'a ♦ 
I W - 
9 o '. * 
83 
+ 
3 '. + 
15’ a ♦ 
21 4 + 
71U - 
4 
4 
3 . + 
I9W * 
1 114 
IO’ a * 
3o t 
J * . ♦ 
5 
+ 
37' a ♦ 
79 . 4 
ST 1 ♦ 
77'a 4 
SI 
4 
2o+4 4 
H W 4 
16>. 4 
79’ a 
1 6 '. ♦ 
34'a 4 
*7 'a + l l ' . - 
14 
+ 
J' a 4 
23+4 4 
• I 'a 4 
57 V, + 
195 
+ 
SO W ♦ 
72 a 4 
1 9 , 

1+4 - 17 J 
6 
♦ 57 I 
9’ . 4 39 8 
W - 12 5 
15*4 4 
21 
17 
4 25 8 
I' a 4 63 7 
5'a 4 
55 t 
4 
J I 
4 W - 
18 w 4 23 I 
I ' . + 56 3 
3 '. 4 u t 

1W 
7W 

5 W 
TW 
A 1 
V t 
5 

47 4 
34 I 
SO 
21 7 
19 8 
I 7 
14 4 
13 4 
1o 9 
4o 7 
42 7 
71 8 

J '* 
IS 
29 
1W 
S '. 
I 

+ 76 7 
+ 76 9 
♦ 75 3 
- 
3 4 
♦ 57 I 
+ 66 7 
6W + 31 7 
Ie* 1 * 24 6 
17W + 
28 
47'a 4 77 9 
6 
♦ 
13 J l l , 4 19 7 

79W 
( ' 
IS* 

TW 
4 
9 7 
4 ' 4 
4 IO* ) 
I ’ . 
4 191 9 a1* I* 4 7 16 
4 87 5 
41 
4 77’ . 
4 <2o I 
71'. - 
S' a — TO 7 l l ' * 4 
S’ . 4 l l 

AvOnPd 
7 
176517 IS 
5o' 
BT M fg 
D c 
NMO 
H«t#k WH I TO 
4962o 
3 6'. 
WW 
17' 4 
Bache tot 
5o6oo 
B nkerln 36 
2*o72 
Bake In tl 42 37663 l l 
55 
BaidOH 
68 
3*17 7 
IJ H 
B allC p 
8o t a l l 
6 
75 W 
8 + lly M t Ole 
166o1 l l 17*. 

J7>. 
V 
18+ 

H W + 
7 
I* 'a 4 15 le i 
4 49 

77 4 so 
17 W 
1 7 '. 

49' J 
7’ a 
35 
,♦ > 
IO’. 
45 
- 
HW 
I * ’ . 
J? 
26 W ■ 
56 
H W 
17’ . l l ' . 

B a M G l 7 o8 17217 
B a llo t e * SO 
271 
56'a 
BanCa 
6o 
199611o 
16* a 
B andag TO 47379 12 
1 2 ’ , 
Bange 
Punt 
17775 4 17 
B a n P j.it 25 
531 
H W 
, y j i 4 
B angP p lT 
1145 
T I’ . 
I I 'a 
T I'a fokofklV 
2 7o 
99o5 
J 
36* I 78W 
36' 
BkotVa l l 
I Iv .9 
7 
16>, llw 
IS'. 
Bank Am 
IO 
+4o91 l l 
TOW 
2 4 '. 
IO' 
Bank l r 
I 14414 
* l l ' . 
7 *’ . 
ITW 
B lk ? pf7 5o 
1514o 
2 9 '/ 25W 
7*’ 

74 I n I 
94 2 
41 9 
17 7 
87 9 
97 I 
24 6 
7 9 
6o I 
' . + l l 
2oW t 111 J 
4'a 4 2o 7 
6'a 4 l l I 
W + 
4 7 
I ’ . - l l 

WW w 
16'. 
4W 
7 '. 
I ’ . 
SU 

B a rb O 'l I 6o 976o 
36 
BardCB 
24 
3)826 14 
B arnsG p *o t aste Inc IO asie p l2 SO 
B a'esM i 
IO 
B a u v h L I 

 l l 

16' . 
73* 
558o 
162 
5746 IO 
3o 
14176 IO 
39 . 
B a .tT rv 
7+ ?»99* 73 t6W 
B a y S tftl 
I * 7951 I 
27W l r ’ 
B a ykC ig 
74 T9173I 
V t 
4 '. 
Bear m g 5o 1oo71 17 
H W 
17 
Beal Ads 
64 177)97 W 
M w 
TI' 
B « a 'f'd p t4 
1o3 
W I 
I I H . 
Be* kmn 
37 186191 l l 
?*W 
271 
Beet Dick 
6o 
142o9 IS 4 7 'i 
37' 
B ee th A 
I 
2IoW 
I 
731, 
14 
B ik e r 
71 
39o7 7 
IT ’ . 
I U 
Bel CPP 
TOH 2)511 
7 2SW 
HW 
Be I den I 32 
77o1 
9 
77W 
H W 
BeldnW e 36b 47o7 
I l l ’ , 
7 

75 4 
35 
HW 
WW l f * 
HW 
7W 
WW 
26 / 
J4W 
77). 
77W 
75 
7* . 
31 
4o' a 

Bel I Mow 
84 
BetiCda 
I 77 
B.»mis 
I 2o 
Bandi a 
2 
Bend.* p f I 
B w it'C p 
I 6o 
Bene* pf 6 IO 
Bene* p f 6 SO 
B e n e fit 5 5o fin* I 
Spl2 5o 
Bent Sid M ig 
B engtB o7e 

26oo7 
5499 
6 
Si 
SIH 
8 
72 
245511 
9 
45 
2551 
92 
54516 6 
27 
2o91 
61 
IOO 
54 
116 
U H . 
79) 
3o 
1597 
4 
34165 7 

IS 
44' 1 
HW 
)7W 
66 
H W 
4* I 
45 

H W 
I 
26W 
111’ . . 
1 
TI 
. 
31+. 
27 >. 
9 W - 
75W 
25'a • 
• W ■ 
IB >4 
47*« 
27<a 

4W 

7>. 
3'» 

8"a 
) w 
• +4 

I ' . 
4 i 
TW 

 a w w 

179 W 

(S ' 

9o 
+ 7 4 
27' . . 
9'a 
6o 
» i n . 
5 
4 + 
8 
117’ J + 4 1 ' 1 
I 
79 
♦ 
J '. 
7 ■ 

Od 
Berkey Pn<> 
111 75 
17646* l l 
I 
7 1o9614 
I 
B 'd tn re e 4o 11541 19 
B i6 (kD r 
4o 112o71 TO 

 rn key 
B t l Bn 
Beth SH 

 glair, 
I'SSL v t a y I o8479o 
7 
B lo ck HP 
I 411o5 W 
B lu e b e ll IO 161') 
6 
Bluebird OM 
13556 I 
Bobn.e forks 
19o41 
Boeing la 
I19’ 54 l l 
B o .ta /a s 
8o 
979o9 Ii 
BkM nth 
I 7o 
SU/ 
6 
Borden 
I 4o 
5*988 IO 
Bor War 
I 6o 
34359 I 
Bor mans 
SIU* 
5 
B e s f d 2 44 
157o1 1o 
BOSI 
P*8 88 
1o4 
B o il pf I 17 lin o 
Bose Of I 46 
4451 
Br 6m t i 
24 
136591 IO 
Br a u n t f 6o 25)51 I 
I n a 
Ste 97 
64981 16 
B ritt M y 
I 6o 
68887 I. 
Br 1 SIM pf J 
4987 
Br it Pet I le 58 9 7) 35 
B rk w v il I 4o 76256 
7 
BfclyUG 
I 7J 
698o 6 fklU G pf 7 47 
‘ 
Bwn$r<rp 
JO for ow nC th fownGp 
I 4o 
B rw nFw 
4o 
41969 I fo ru n .w k JO 97944 I foruMiA 
I 
*4o2 8 
B u ty E r 64 
7)8)1 W 
B udd Co I TO 71)6o 
S fouddCo p ts {U TO 
56 
B ud ? a p* 6o 
711 
6W foudalna lOr 32o1 
| 
9 w 
Bu*«eo 
I 4oa 
779o 
B uiova o51 
153*9 
Bundy Cd 
8o 
39o 
Bu r ik H 11 
I 86 
4848 
B u n k rP p* 1 5o 73o1 
WW 
B unk B arrio 17491 
9 
B u r lin g I 4o57W 7 I 
34 
Buri No 
I 3o* 
46423 6 
S 
UHMO p l 55 
))77 umpy m 
4335* I? 
3o 

71 41 

I U 
I U 
I U 
' a 
4 
5 , 
2+4 
AU 
1, 
4 
24' i n , 
24 
IS’ . 
S I U 
3) 
4o U 
+ 
TW 
4 
IS H 
27’ i 
34 
J I , l l , 
2o • 
3' a — l l , 
5 l l ' . 
. a « 
4 
U U 
U W 
!?». 
. 
4 taw 
U U 
M W 
. 
AW 
4 
7*+. 
2o' . 
; * 
« 
I O , 
. 
A 
JU 
SU t 
JU 
4 
AU 
J U 
JW t u 
4 a . 
IA U a 
. 
4 
7 33 + . 
Mw 
3 3 , 
+ 
♦ 
TO 
U U 
I t , 
. 
SH 
4 
14 
TA 
3* 
+ 
IU 
4 
3 o , nu 
W j 
* 
IO I 
4 
AU 
I U 
J U 
I , 
4 
7 7 , 
J J U 
77+9 
4 
AU 
4 
95 
Alw 
•4 
4 
U U 
4 
17+4 
I O , 
I I H 
4 l+. 
4 
HW 
U U 
H U la*. 
• u 
16+4 
4 
I* . 
. 
SAU 
H W 
J A , 
4 
M W a 
S IH 
2*W 
J I'. 
. iou 
4 
4 A l , 
Alw a 
. 
H 
SOW 
JAW 
43’ i 
— 
' I 

14 f t 
U U 
4 
I U a 
3AW 
M 
, 
34 
4 
TW 
4 
2o 
H U l f . 
♦ 
JU 4 

2 7 , 
25+« 
2?*. 
I U 
5H 
I U a 
JU a 
HW 
AU 
HW a 
JW 
4 
JA 
H H 
T IU 
4 
AH 4 
I 
I U 
SH 
• H 
♦ 
J*i 
4 
18+4 t i 
H W 4 
I i a 
29 * l l n u 
4 
17 
4 
JOW l l t i ' t 
♦ 
IU a 
M w 
* U 
M W a 
H W a 

♦ 157 I 
. 69 4 
♦ 79 7 
+ 75 ) 
+ 34 I 

♦ 29 7 
♦ IT 7 t 31 I 
4 
6 4 
4 97 8 
4 88 5 l l 7 

T I 

 w 't 
15 2 
•7 
TO 7 
2o 7 
TO 4 
115 
56 9 
14 7 
•9 7 
6o 6 
19 6 
15 6 

65 5 
15 6 
36 6 
53 9 
7* 7 
17 4 
,8 » 
14 v 
61 
8 3 
5« I 
195 4 
72 8 

114 l l * 5 
47 4 
47 
55 7 
6 / 9 ll I 
83 6 
42 I 
39 I 

77 2 
19 
14 3 
<9 I 

19 4 
W I 
47 I 
9 
I I 
19 4 

9 
29 W 
TO 1 
11+9 
6 
7 l r * Tow 

11255 
5o65 

 r n 
1888 o* I 165 
C L C A m 74 
8 2/J 
5 

CL A ssets 
C l >.S6» J* 1 I # . J I M 

Vearfy 
High to w 
C M IIn v CP 
23198 22 
CNA p in l 
47519 IO 
CNA pf A l IO 8641 
C N A l I Ola 
5649 
CPC In t 2 3o 39739 IO 
CTSCp 
6o 
16884 
7 
C sb ca b t or 
738? 
Ca bote 
14o 
131o6 
Cadence 
Ind 
7*o3 
C aesars WH 
8663 
Cal 
Plnan! 
37341 
CaiPUt 
1 6o 
7o32 
C a lla hn 3or 13344 18 
C am rn B rn 
469o 

Sales 
Net 
B-l (bds ) High low lait Chg. 

12 
+ 15o 
I V. + 29 2 
2V. + 
25 
I ”. + 15 9 
5’W + 12.1 
4'a +- 
IO 
I'/. +- 
45 
2 4'. +13o 2 
- 42 9 t 
28 
+•166 7 
♦ 19 7 
25 * 

2o 
8>. 
14 
H W 
49 W 
24' a 
4 "a 
8 
4 2 ', 
8 
5 '. 
V t 
8 
8W 
* 
19 W 
17'a l+ i 
Cm pBL 
6oa 
17211 16 77' a 
Cam Sp 
I 48 
22*o4 13 39W 
C am pTg I IT 
7o79 IO 31W 
CdnPac I Ae 2842o 7 
19’ a 
Canal*? 
*4 
2855 l l 12', 
CapCltis 
2o 
7o44o 13 56W 
C apH old 6o51772 l l 
2 4 '. 
Cap it M ig 
5o31 
3 
Carppr I 12 
949lf 9 35". 
C a rlin g O Kc 
5198 2o 
4 ’ . 
C a rlis le BB 
27o3 
7 
16'a 
C aroCAO h 5 
35o 
71' a 
CaroFrq 
2o 
326o 
37 
7 

5 '’a l l l l 
4o' a 
WW 
I ' > 
IS ". 
?'> 
V t 
3 
IS'A 
1o+4 
1+4 
I* 'a 
29W 
2 7 ', l l 
7''a 
42'+ 
1 7 ', 
"» 
29W 
2'a 

2o 
7+4 * 
13+. 
12+4 i 
47 +a -1 
19'a 
3W 
4 2 ', 
3+4 +■ 
4 
+ 
* 
+• 
18'+ ♦ 
14’, + 
1+4 + 
24+4 + 
39 W + l l 
16+4 + in , - 
M W + 
22'+ +• 
I ’ 4 + 5 16 
35 W + 11 Va 

I '* 

5 
I 
2W 

CarpPw 
1 72 
C arp pl? 6/ 
Carree 
I 8o 
CarrCp 
64 
C a rr p i 2 25 7273o 
C a rrG n 89r 
7113 

326o 
75W4 9 
24'a 
3567 
3oW 
99o9 
8 
35’ . 
74313 14 
2o 
3??. 
16". 

I'. 
1o+. 
1 5 ', - 
53’ a 
6 9 'j < 
5’ , 
5 ". 

C a rtH a w 9o 32375 9 
Can HW pf 2 
5543 
Car’ Wall 
4o 
Case NG 
73r 
CastlCk 
86b 
C atrpTr 
15o 
CecoCp 
I IS 
Celanse? 8o43773 
Cain pf A4 5o 
2455 

25 
42W 
16859 3o 
BW 
5345 
9 
11 
17525 7 
HW 
58771 I? 6 7 '. 
2921 12 
19W 
58 
53 

HW 
26>. 
71a 
11 '4 
3o 
12' a 
H W 
31' a 
6 

IS 
5 3'. 
14 
41+4 
- 
46+. 
C e n e * 
12 
3*423 12 
W 
7’ . 
CmSfiW 
1 2o 
132255 1o 18’ . 
HW 
C e nH ud ! 72 4992 
8 
2o+. 
17' , 
Cen 11 IL I I 6o WOOS 13 IS M 
H W 
Cd IL t pl 4 5o7866o 
52 / 
45 
Cn IL tp* ? 87 
3722 
31'a 
27 a 
Cn IL ' (at 2 67 
1o47 
29’ a 
25’ a 
C en 11 PS 
ITS 
22o17 IO 15+. 
I? ’ , 
C e n L .it I 4o 26919 l l 2 8 '. 
18 
CeMPw I 4o 
89o2 l l 
I* ' a 
14 
Cen Soya 7o 24894 
7 
18 
IJ H 
Cen Tel 
1 36 
4658o 1o 
25'a 
19’ . 
CentrDdt 
SO 
57o85 l l 3 6 '. 
19’ . 
Cen teed 
45 
H912 l l 7 ?', 
15 
< essn A r 
ITO ?5'43 
8 
3 o ', 
71W 
C h a m p ln t I 9471 7 lo 
28'a 
18 
Chm I pts SO 
116 
IOO 
55 
C h m lp * I 2o22171 
78W 
1 8 ', 
Chamsp 
68 
69o68 IO 
H W l l 
O a r tr c o 
o8 16251 34 
5W 
Chartr 
NYT 
1118 5 
6 
28W 
C h a s e d 6or VSI? 
8 , 
ChaseM 
I JO 
96181 1? 32 
Chase T Bls 15o67 
4 
Chelsea +o 
4327 37 l l 
C hem in I 5o 34313 
7 
52 
Ch rn N V 
J 88 
18137 7 
43W 
ChesVa 
1 34 
12741 
7 
ChesePn 
76 271351 15 
Chessm 7 37 3539o 
8 
C hiM ilw Cp 
12467 
Ch .M i Iw p f 
H54 
ChiPneuT 2 
2«44o 17 
IS 1. 
Ch. F u ll 
76o1 
C hris C ran 34945 14 
CbrsCfl p *l 
HO 
ChClt cvpl 
78* 
C hrom at 8< 14o89 
6 
Chroma p*5 
278 
Chrysler 
3or 7585756 
1889 t i 
34W 
2653 
9 
24'4 
33446 IS TI 
211 
741oo . 
7o8 
7594o 
118 
1834 
8745 17 

Chur Chk 
6ob 
CtnBell 
16o 
CinnGE I 64 
C ihG E p it 
CinG p l4 75 
CihG p l* IO 
CinG 
P*7 44 
CinG p i* 28 
CinG pl 9 57 
C inM ila 
I 4o 
C itic o rp 9 * 316 7 W 11 
Cit.esSv 
2 8o 
47827 a 
Cit/S*? 3oe 
134o8 
C1117n s M tq 
389 
C itylnvs! 
66 
C ily ln v w t 
C ilyln p*1 JI 
CHV Irs p*B2 
C ityh p l I IO 
Clark F 
I 6oa 
C larkO 'l 
5o 

32' 
3o 
42 
9 ’ 

4 W 
9 W 
IO '. 
21 
15 
68 
27 W 

?W 
21W 
7 
26 W 
7 
5 W 
25' 4 
3 o', 
25’ . 
72' a 
3 4 '. 

24’ / 
2 

SO 
57' a 
1o7'a 
9o 
IO* 
1o8 
35’ a 
37’ / 
59’ . 
5 
I >4 
78244 8 
6347 
253 
12717 
26' 
16244 
I U 
4339o l l 46' 
12o53 9 
IS’ 

I l l ' a 
9 '. 
53 
1o+, 
32'; 
IVW 
17 
43' a 
5o 
97 
76+4 
98 
99 + 
18+4 
27+4 
38W 
IW 
1+4 
I 

24+* 
3o'a + 
35 W + 
2o 
+ 
3o 
- 
WW + 
19+4 - 
1 5 '. - 
7'a + 
9 
♦ 
15+a - 
5* w 
HW ♦ 
4 V . 
+ 
5? 
+ 
ITW + 
16W - 
2o+4 + 
18' • + 
52 
+ 
31 
+ 
28 W + 
15 W . 
7IW * 
14' 'a + 
WW - 
25’ . + 
27W + 
T H , + 
28 W + 
27 W + 
92 
+ 
27' / * 
12'. + 
3’ . * 
2 8 '. + 
S M - + 
3o'a ♦ 
3+« + 
6W - 
31'. - 
47W * 
29 
+ 
25 
- 
4 1 ' 4 
+ 
7'a + 
H W ♦ 
29', ♦ 
3W . 
* 
+ 
IO’ . ♦ 
H 
+ 
WW » 
68 
+- 
2oU . 
I 
34+. 
23’ . ♦ 
27W + 
4 9 ' 4 t 
57'a + 
1o6 
♦ 
88'+ + 
1o6 
+ 
. 1o6'-a 
34W ♦ 
32+. + 
59' a ♦ 
I " . + 
1+. + 
13+4 

+a +■ 4o 
SM* + 26 I 
5W ♦ 17 5 

3+. + 28 9 
TW - 23 6 
13+4 + 32 3 
IW -+ 
5 3 
33 3 
47 7 
W + 
25 
4 W + 37 5 
16+4 4 3o 5 
W * 17 5 
4W 
3W 
WW ew 
1 
TW* 
5+4 — 
6'a — 15 6 
7 I 

2o4 
13 
68 9 
75 8 
3 2 
19 8 
23 

W w 
11 "a 
V t 
5 
5+4 
4W 

14 
2 4 
24 7 
14 I 
11 3 
12 4 
54 7 
W — 
2 2 
73+ 4 15 3 
1+a -h 
9 
8'a 4 19 5 
2+4 + 
9 7 
TW 4 l l I 
TW 4 2o 6 
8W + 
44 
2'a + 17 9 
TW - 14 2 
5W + 3o 5 
8 
4 4o I 
6 ', 4 4o? 
7 
♦ 
32 
9 '. ♦ 
5o 
37W 4- 69 6 
8W + 45 7 
I 
+ 
8 4 
' i m 
4 3 
3o8 
21 8 
1o 9 
+. 4 
4 2 
HW - 27 I 
'+ - 
8 
ITW 4 41 7 
5 '. 4 ?2 I 
WW - 16 3 
AW 4 
2o 
3+» 4- 71 4 

AW 
Ta 
3 

5’ a 
3'a 

SW 
HW 
IO1. 

* 68 I 
W 13 7 
+ 23 8 
4 1 1 * 
4 19 4 
4 33 3 
4 56 6 
4 3o I 
* ICI 2 

♦ 24 7 
4 21 2 

W 
M 
4 
* 3 
17 3 
7 6 a 4 

HW 
3+4 
2o’ . 
•w 

15 16 5 16 5 16 - 

Civ Cl Hf 18oa *716 
I? 
73’ 
CWEI IU 
7 56 
26*o8 l l 341 
C le m pi? 4o 
Cl El ll pl? 56 
C ip vE I p* I? 
Cipvepk 
6o 
Cloro. Co 
5? 
CI uet Pea 
4o 
C lu r'tP p f I 

187 
87 
7*o4o 
9o 
91? 
ITB 
HSV 
7 
13 
94584 IO 14’ 
42278 6 l l ’ 
3H 7 
H W 

15 
Id' a 
. 
IO 
75’ . 
9 
. 
47 
26' a 
77’ 4 
78 l l ? ’ ? 
4 
HW 
1o'. 
7 W 

Coast S IG as 12945U 
5 
CMSG P *I83 
5792 
24 W 
CslSG pH I* 
254? 
19'. 
Coca BU 
4oa 
9768o 13 
9 '/ 
C o taCol 7 65 
71 188 I? 95 
C o ld * 8 k $o 9)65 
8 
WW 

377*6 7 
9777 
6 
58539 IO 
7 
7 

6W 
31+4 
S I1 a 
HW 
BW 
34 W 
25 
>6 
29+4 
?* + . 

 l.’ W 
13+4 
* ' a 
73’ a a w t w 
V t 
23 W 
46+4 
9W 
4 +, 
I* 
IVW 
28W 

4?W 

ColeNal 
6o 
62o? 
Cp ieco led 
I63Vo IS 
ColgPal 
88 usee* 15 
ColgP p H SO 
7*31o 
ColM nAk 
M 
CbllinF 
o5e 
Col Penn 
TO colon I Si 
I 45 
A)** 
Col* md I SO 
36535 
C o l'p l I 6o 
153* 
Colt p * 4 25 
4413 
Col&as 
2 14 
342«» 9 3o’ > 
2J+, 
C olG sptS 67 
33o? 
67 
SAW 
C oiG splS 4* 
3948 
*1 
54w 
Colure P it* 4o39o 
3 
7 ", 
4 'y 
ColSOh 
TTO 
273o9 8 28W 
T I1; 
COM3 PHO 5? 
3o9 ll? 
IQI 
Colw el M tq 
4824 
4W1S I* 
C om ndC om 22o*1 IO 22 
H W 
Comb Eng 
7 
3o914 l l SOW 
32+. 
CmF pf3 7o 
179 
45 
3o 
C o m b F q tor 252o9 1324 +. 
13 
C om w L 7 4o 71 766 1o )? i 

26+. 
24W l l ' a 
42+* 
15+, 
7o’ . 
34 W 
85 
89' a 
I? * 1 a 
. 
WW 
HW 
9 '. 
H W + 
H W * 
M N 
18'. 
•+* 
79 
. 
H W ♦ l l ’, • 
5 '4 
2?' a - i f ' > ■ 
47 + 4 
. 
29 
.. 
27W • 
54+a - 
J* 
♦ 
?5‘ a 4 
SOW < 
42 
♦ 
61 
4 
7+4 + 
27 
3 

6W 
23W 
BW 
9' a 
I?1 a 

IW 
6W 
5 '. 
4 W 4 l+ . + 
3+4 - 
6 'J 4 
77, 
JN 
1+4 

3 
W 
2 
25 N 
ION 
21+1 
7'a 
6 
SW 
TW 

C om EdA wt 
C o m f-d B w t 
ComE p l! 47 
C om l pf 1 vc 
Corn w e pf 2 
Com e p l? 37 
Come p u s ? 
Come pin to 
Come pl? 74 
Com wO 
76727 
Como p f! 72 
2682 
C n m .a i 
I 
64515 
? 
C om pqr ?o 7181o 
9 
C om put V 1 
3538? IO 
'o n A gr 76 
88o1 
3 

51? 
3o! 
4223 
3*23 
2273 
7672 
8121 
4186 
7?6 

1oW 
22+4 
2 3 ', 
24 W 
28 
32W 
ICI' a 
88’ a l l *. 
22’ 4 
33’ a 
3 8 '. 
7 W 
IS 

26** f W 
8 W 
17' 
2o’ 
21 

IU 
4 ll a 
I U a 
' a a 
M W 
4 
8+4 
4 
SOW 
4 
1/ 1. a 
45 
4. 17 
+ 
24 
4 
IOU 
4 
J IH 
4 
1H 
+ 
4 i j 
4 
IO' • 
4 
4 
21' 

'A g r J5 
88o1 
3 
H W 
I 'a 
Con*'V 'MS 
I 
4644 
5 
25+4 191, 
C onqolm 5o19o28 
I 
19 +« 
IJ 
Conr.M 
'N ) 
I ’M ) is 
JOU I3’ 5 

2 3'. 
24+3 
?5>, 
28 
79W 
32+» 
8* 
1o1 
77 
8 6 '. 
6 '. 
8 
HW l l ' . 
23W 
S H . . 
WW 
32W 
4 
7 
H W . 
25'a 

 c o n rar 8o 6 
C o nt .J I AO 
ConEd p l* 
CnE pie 4 66 
ConFd p ts 
C onf ds I 4o634*5 
Conf pt4 5o 
I8?2 onf ra t 
IO 
34o*3 

9o34 
8674o 
1423 
299 
H H 

Con NGs 
2 6o 
CPG pl IO 96 
1o66 
C onsuP pw ? 65336 
C1 ’P a p i4 16 (47oo 
CnPw p*4 6o 
33o 
C o P w p l 4 52 745*o 
C n P w p U 45 
451 
CoPw p l 7 7? 
C o p a pl I J * 
C "P a pl ? 68 
CoPw p<?43 
COP . p H 6o 
Coo Pow p i* 
Com A ir Im 
Coo • Cop 
SO 
Cl Cop p l! 26 coni fCp 
2*o 
CHC p l A 2 SO 
C IIC i i B2 6o 
CnllG rp 
2 
C on 11 Cp 
J 4o 
Con I HP I 2817366 
8 
( o n * ll f illy 
1o5o9 
Cool OM I JO c o n lO 'ip l? 
Coni Tel 
I o8 
Control 
Oat 
CnDt p i 4 5o 
Conwd 2 2o 

I 
26 >. 
5 
21 
7 3 '. 
S I' a 
SS 
2 7 '. t v 
‘ i i 
H*?o IO 34’ t i l 
2J+. 
46 
SO’ ; 
SOW 

IVW 
1$ 
55' a 
3* 7 
44 
IVW 
56' : 
11' 1 
7 4 'j 
1o8', 
19 
37 
4o 
44 
*3 ' a 

 l f ' 4 
25+« ■ 
21 
7?W I 
SO I 4 
53' a < 
26W < 
*9 I f t ‘ » 
I* a 
117', 

26 

9o 

388 
448 
386 
1o55 
2o6o 
7?o 
6*396 U 

’is ? 
J : 
49184 19 67'4 
945 
62+4 
3*o 
61 
44 
5*o68 
9 
MW 
26+ 

Ae 
67’ a 
1 
25 
ACW 
75'a iw 
5 
H W 
41 W 

49 
SO'. 
79 
63'a 
7» 
IO 

\ \ 
: 
H W 
72 
89' a 
V t 
J'1 
12 
54+4 
•O' a 
AO'a . 
JJN 
2938; I 
Si t 
MW st 
H W 
9 ’ . ^ a 
3 
I ' , 
2W 
1117? II 
9 
4o’ 4 
33 
Sri a 
314 
1o9 
H W 1o1* a < 
838o8 
I? HW 
HW 
HW 
1o3746 IO 26’ , 
HW 
25+4 
551 
46 
4o+4 46 
12o1 * 35’ a 
26+4 
SSW 
Cook Uh 
SOI 13934 
5 6 
J1 a 
IM 
Cooper In 
84 2o7o31 l l 42+4 
29 
4o’ 4 
Cop! p*B2 SO 
1o8 
HS 
*2' a US 
Cooper L a b 2o 
24431 H U '. 4 ’, l l 
C o op ts 
7o 463* 
J 16+4 
*+* 
I5+, 
Cup) p l! 25 
573 
HW 
12 
H+4 
Copetnd 
68 1o44o 
IO JOW 
1o+4 
I f , 
COPP Bg 
14*1* 
TSN 
17’ a 2o 
Coppw 7 4ob 1*56 
? 53 
36 + 4 4SN 
. 
Cor d or a CP toe 
1378o 
3+4 I'a 
I 'a < 
CornG 1 62a 43268 
H 8o 
43W 71W 
. 
Cousins 
M ig 1822 
4 
I N 
2 
Cowles 5* 
477o IS t? N 
6 • 
I? 'a < 
Co.Bde* 
55 V446 l l 37W 
2?'a 
33W 
Cr nu 
3o 2)124 
4 H W 
8*« IS , 
Ct ane I 2o 124421 
5 39+4 
73W 2* 
C re d .it 
74 1?o?I l l AW l ‘ » 
AH 
C rockN 
I 66 71175 
* 28N 
T H . TI 
O G U N p l) 2299 
46 a 
35 a 46 a 
C iem pk 
IO 4?4S 
I 15+4 
IO1 a ll'a 
CrpuH' 
I 1274* 
1J 1 3 ', l l ’ , 
JO*, roM p l) 35 HO© 
88 
SIN IO' 

87 2 l l 
S3 A 
7 I 
4o 
AW 4- 92 J 
'4 — 44 4 
HW + 82 9 
8' a + SI 9 

68 ? 
7o 8 
5o 9 
3o 7 
12 5 
H 2 
13 

2 I 
19 4 
17 I 
84 8 
28 2 
33 9 
ISS 
4 
75 4 
31 9 t i 6 
4 3 
5 4 
83 
63 2 
I 3 
9 6 
9o 4 

I I I 
32* 
IO ? 
IO 7 
44 2 
I? 4 
1o 9 
7 I 
68 6 
54 6 
*o ? 
79 4 
4 A 
5 I 
I 3 
I 2 
IS 4 
16 

? * 
13 5 
14 I 
9 9 
6 a 
2o * 
■ 
74 
. 
75 
41 5 
33 3 
14 6 
41 3 

,o4§ 
28 8 
2? * 
23 7 
26 I 
11 I 
4? 3 
49 7 
9 3 
19 I 
22 ? r 
21 
U 2 
2o 3 
22 A 
25 2 
24 2 

I I 3 l l 7 

IW + 
?>. + 
3+, + 

7+» + 
17 
♦ 
1o+. ♦ 
W — 
I ' . + 
5'a + 
H W ♦ 
> 
3 
+ 
/ * . ♦ 
6+, ♦ 
I N + 
SH + 
?' a ♦ 
■ 
6 
+ 
H W l l 
IO '. 
5W l l 
7N 
I? '. 
1o 
SH 
1 1 

- 
IN 
2 
13 
HW 
16' a 
H 

HW 
13 + 4 

Yearly 

High law 

4 tw 
4 
2? 9 
+ 
-J. a 
AA 
4 
H 
4 ii 
4 
,1 
4 
25 I 
4 
17' a 
4 
J * 
4 
U U 
* 
JS 4 
4 a , a 
M 7 
♦ 
27+» 4 
Al I 
4 
AH 
4 
61 I 
♦ i . 
4 
SO 
4 
7'9 
4 a 5 
4 
M W a 
TA A 
4 
5 , a 
*3 9 
4 
8 a 
4 
46 I 
4 
5 
4 
I I J 
4 
I U 
4 
33 
4 
IU 
4 
7o 
4 
1? a 
71 I 
4 a 
, 
♦ 
72 I 

 re wa Cork 35755 
I 
22 
C rw /e l 
I IO 
52643 l l 49 
C m l pl4 TO 
1o4 
Al'*; 
o.M oro I 37 
SIO* 
7 
J I '. 
CuM.qen 
4+ 
7498 IO l l 
C u m m in g I 7o 24917 I H I 
Cum p i 7 5o 
7379 
H I N 
79 
C u nn D rg 75 
1498 I 
*W 
8 'a 
C u rr In t I o8 SOH l? w l l 
Cur I.SAM 
4o 
63289 IO HW 
IO 
C u rb s * , a 
? 
4o1 
78 
2 2 '. 
C u H e rH I 8o 
12276 9 
4o+. JAW 
C ye lops I 2oa 653o $ 
75*. H W 
Cyprus 
1 4o 
1*33o 25 
) U . 
J IN 

9 W 
H W 
J I W 
IS H 
45 
53 
*1' a * 
SN 
H W 
J I ', ♦ 
7' a 
7W 
1oW ♦ 
TW 
IVW 4 IN 4 29 
111 
4 
I N 4 
H W 4 
U n 4 
27 
4 
S IN ♦ 
? 3 ',4 
25 
4 

HO 
73 2 
44 I 
79 I 
4 
A l 
4 23 7 
4 H I 3 
4 63 I 
> 4 4 
AO 
AW 4 1o4 I 
4 4 4 14 7 
4 72 * 
4 21 5 
4 
*6 
4 3o 2 
4 
J I 
4 27 I 
4 AOI 
4 62 A 
4 21 2 
4 26 J 
4 
9 | 
4 54 A 
+ J7 I 
4 H I 7 

• 
A 
•N 
SN 
IN 
IN 
8 + 
2 
77 + 

AW 
SN 
• 
J 

 t i ’ 

 i f t 
2?N 

IW 
AS I 
25 l ’ l 4 
(4 
7 
4 A SI 
4+4 * 21 4 
U N 4 
4? 
I N 4 5? I 
SN 4. 14 9 

O f t tn t 
1U72 12 
I N 
Damon 
JO 
4.7o8 5o HW 
C W nll.y 
4k ??H9 J 
U N 
Dana! p 
92 HMC* 3o 79' a 
D a rt.na 
(On 
oo177 9 
41 
Dart loop* 
J 
8463 
41'a 
Dare G em 
52179 2) 
*o + 
PAvCO 5ob 
*65o 
5 
17'. p a r t P*4 25 7)9oo 
68 
Od y in Mud I 282?? IO 
38 . 
O e y tP l I *6 2o2U l l 2o 
D P I pf 7 48 / 195o 
D P lp '? 7o 726+o 
D P I p l I )7 7467) 
DPL p i I? SO 
491 
{W ere I IC 
412)8 

4 W 
AW 
7 
19 N 
J7N 
JJN 
J7W 
IC H 
SO 
26 N 
17 
8 
*6 
*4 
H I 
Liner e 1 1o 41738 
I 
14 
Del Adon I 5o 1898* 
7 
29 
OelmaP 
I JO 
)Io82 9 
I 
D e itd A .r 7o SAU* 1o 
De-lter m il 
4192 I 
D e llo n a C rp 141)3 
Chmn I sM tg la 6*641 * 
DennM* P II 
JOA 
Denny. 
+4 
39*94 1J 
Den Ispl y 
AO 
Deseret 
4o 
OeSotpm 
AO 
Oe+Edts 
I as 
D r' f pts 5o 
DelE pl 9 32 
Dele pi? 68 
D e ll pl? 45 
D e 'f pf? 36 pl? ?5 
P*B2 75 

A*5* 
H I ', 
28 
J IN 
WW 
U N 
34' 1 
3 + 4 
Sn 

45 

98o? 14 
261o4 21 
995o 
9 

V t 
7 W 
?4+, 
23 
JSN 
Sa n 
SI 
' 
52467 IO IS' , 

I a i 

H98iSi 
5249 
JAM 

U N 
5+4 
U N 
SS 
82 . 

D e .ie r IO 
7343 
9 
2$ g i^ .d rg 
OM 
IW S IO 

H i 
HW 

2+. 
I 
• N U H 
. . . 
, 
176. l l klpA^iP! k 

% 
• 
34+. 
31u 
U N r 
SJW . 

24W 
1 
74’ . 
28 
U N 
24' a 
R M M . 
4’, i f 
•orpl 8*7 63oo 
U n io n ■ a if.n ) 
7o 
3684 
I 
U +4 
9 a m in * J HOSA 
9 
4I N n w am M 
I 72* 
1o(2 3 4 22+4 
U r#mSh I IO J722 
9 
J5». 
32 
• PID I 2o 
19566 
JAN 
24' a c k A i JO U??o I i 
H W 
V t 
.t'APftn 
(a 
Jo*J* 1] I ] 
|. eboid 44 U2Io 
1o H W 
ION rg .lA ltQ 
33468 
26 i f , 
46 a 
'rim g m 48 19o*7 i l l * 
7k, tingm pl? 
477 rn *, 
'ai , m c/ 
I ft p 
SAO* u 
37’ m u 
Soey 12b U4J7o 2o 
A) 
41 
• ersld 
In 
7|o7 
O v # rW M ig 
174*o 

K 
W 
' S i’ 1” 4 
" 
Oth.LuJ 
% 
O unnilly 
A* 
OprO ily a i 
Dor key 4o^ 
765o 
A U N 
AW 
ODy*fCt) 9o 
6533 l l t i t l r 
Wow Ch t 
1914871 I ] 
5* , 
JIL 
» w jo n 
I H 
6453 
19 T m r * » 
2 
»f i r 
) t i 
Tesker m 
A I M I IO 
47 r e .B d 
I 44 3355 
H W rgyfuA 
Sic 6824 
7 
8 N 

7 f 
4 
2 • 
4 
*2 2 
I 
— 
I t 
Hr 
15 I 
* ' i i 
4 
V 
19 
4 
9H 
4 
49 r 
J a w 
4 
4 J 4 
3 ? s r 7 4 
4- # 
4 
13 4 
4$ H 
4 
• 
4 
31 4 
U U 
4 
4 
S t ) 
*7+4 
4 
I t 
4 l f 
J I . 
4 
12 
4 
45 f n u 
4 
2'% 
4 
12 
14+4 
♦ 
15 >4 
4 l l * 
A* a 
W i 
4 
2o J 
14 
4 u # 4 
2o • n o w 
4 l l 
4 
U I 
J I H 
4 jig 
4 
21 9 
I V . 
4 
1*4 
4 
4 4 
IAU ar 
I * • 
<4 
♦ 4 
J# » 
4 
JU 
4 
A U 
4 
H 
4 
12 2 
5 
4 
I t 
4 
34 
M H 
♦ t 
* 

S t 
7) 
4 
4 
-f 
4 H 
♦ 
M 3 
M U 
3 i n u 
4 
2 2 'i 
4 14o J 
I * 
■4 i i 
4 i i i l i t 
4 r n 
4- 
I* J 
A) 
4 y% I 
4 
I ) 5 
*5 
4k i i 
4 i i i 
78+4 
*4 
12*6. 
4 n J l l 
4 
1} 
•4 
2o J 
H W 
4 
IO 
4 
IS I 
M U 
♦ 
) 
4 l l * 

U N •hi 
3N * 43 I 
I N 4 
IO 7 
IW 
V t 
• 4 
J I 
, . ■ I U 

I N ♦ I t I 
V t 4 JJ 4 i w ♦ i i » i«8 ♦ i f I a w . 
J 14 * 
144 

 b z a z 
’ ! 

1 >, 
M N 
19 + 4 

T a* 
AH 

Ik* - 
N - 24 7 
IN - 
N - 33 I 
U n 6 
I 
* } « ) 
44 , . 
7H . JC* 
4 N ♦ 
| N 4 94 4 
24 
4 
IN * 17 I 
M N 4 
SH 4 3 *8 
U N ♦ 
SN + 84 J 
J7N 4 (S ', 
B H — 
TH 
. . . 
IT 
4 
IN 4 I* 5 
42 
4 ION 4 331 
H i* 4 
I 
9 
4 
•><♦ ♦ 
I N 4 3 *7 

‘ l l 

 du Poor 5 25e d uP n t p l3 5o 
594 do Pm p*4 so 
15o5 

S alei 
Net 
P -t 
(hd».) 
H igh la w Io n Chg 

73524 13 N IN H T N 1J5N 4 8W 4 
A i 

OU Pm pf4 5o 
15v5 
D u k e P l 6o 91787 
9 
Duke p l* ?5 
81? 
Duke p*8 7o 
26? 
Duke pts TO 
294 
Ouke pf? 8o 
226 
Duke p*2 69 
4852 
P u n B rd I o6 39525 I* 33N 
' 
9 
2oW 

51 v, 
66+. 
2 3 + , 
93 
1ooW 
9 J 
92’ a 
3o". 

44W 
59 
H W 
76 
88 
7 9 N 
75 N 
26W 
24+, lr/, 
23 
I* 
21’ a 
21N 
22N 
23 
24 N 
26+, 
71 
TW 
1 3 ', 
IO 
E M IL * 
19e 2236o 12 
5'a 
2’, 
ESyst 1 6ob 1 1793 IO 
36W 
21N 
Eag.eP 1,16 
6291 9 4 o ', 
25'a 
EascoCp 75 HOO! 
8 
2 2N 
IA N 
E a s tA irL ih 13U2566 l l 
4W 
EastGsF 
8o 
29819 9 
28+, 
22’, 
E ast Ut! I 5o 
5312 8 18' a 
H W fa s te d ! 6o* 22195o 22 I2o+, 81’ , 
Eaton 
2 
3o118 IO 44W 
29 

DuqLt " 1 72 
28233 
Dq 2 Ip *2 IO 7573o 
Dq 3 7pl I 8? 
H7 
D ugLt4p* 2 
561 
Dq 4 IpT? o5 7729o 
. 
Dq 4 Ip * 7 o7 7499o 
Dq 4 2pt2 IO 7*91o 
DuqL pf 7 31 
H82 
OuqL p l? 75 
4335 
Duqn pl? 2o 
12o 
D ym oln 
44 
6o38 
EG4.G 
18 27125 14 
E LT 
14 
4491 13 

26 
24 
25’+ 
26 
25'a 
26’ a 
27N 
3o’ a 
88 
7 
12 
IV N 
I4++ 

SI 
66 
4 
22 
+ 
92'a ♦ 
IOO 
4 
97 
4 
9 1 ', 4 
3oW 4 
3o’, 4 
2 o ', 4 
25 
4 
M N 4 
24++ 4 
26 
4 
24' a 4 
25 
4 
26’ + 
. 
3o 
+ 
*8’ , 4 
IO 
4 
17 
4 
13 
4 
3 N - 
46W 4 
38 N 4 
2 IN 4 
• W 4 
26+, 4 
U N 4 

6 V. 4 l l 
AW 4 IIN 
2 ', 4 12 8 
U N 
13 ', 
17 
U N 
3W 
J 
2W 
J 
V t 
V t 
4 t 
2 

4 22 9 
4 15 6 
♦ 21 3 

 t m 
4 j 
4 1 * 3 
4 
8 7 
4 12 5 
4 l l 2 
4 18 2 
4 * 9 
4 
8 7 

Eaton p ll 19 
71 
E th l in 
48 18324 15 
E e k rd J k 48 341 18 U 
E c k rd N C 24 1971 IO 
E d ’sB ro 7 7o 3873 
9 
E dw rdS 5o 
6o73 
4 
El Paso 
I IO 
79o33 
Elect ASSOC 
662? 
EDS 
6o 2362o I? 
EIM em 
Mg 
22935 
E IM M p l Ik 
189o 

43 
28' • 
3o 
!*++ 
59) . 
2 o". 

3o W 
21 
21+, 
12' a 
45 + a 
9 

E lginN at 
I 
221o IO 
E lm ir Ind 
1911o 
8 
E lira C p I 16 
17*651 
E m erfci 
I 
E'mery 
I 2o 
E m e ryln 
44 
E m h art 
I 8o 
E m b a r* pf 
EmpOE 
I 36 
Em 
4 ?pf 4? 
E m O 5p* 5o 
E m p D is p l 92 
143 
E m p G a s 2o 
5435 
8 
E nglhdM I 2o 
68151 

HW 
II N 
SN 
2 
18' a 
H W 
3W 
1+, 
IO’ 
74+, 
8 ’, 
31N 
9o478 IT 41'a 
2oo96 2o SON 
12375 l l 15 
2o114 
7 
37 
1o6? 
48 a 
2438 11 
16' . 
715 
6N 
3H 
*'+ 
IO N 
H W 
8 37+, 

V t 4 
9 1 
9 
4 l l 6 
2+4 4 J? 9 
??, 4 2o I 
2 N 4 26 a 
IV . — 
25 
25W 4 122 
13W 4 52 5 
3 N 4 17 8 
I N 4 1o2 9 
IO’, 4 68 5 
3 N 4 25 9 
86 
— 2oN - 
19 
13". 4 U N 4 17 5 l l 
4 37 6 
I N 4 19 2 
3 ". 4 15.5 
5W 4 
5o 
I I N 4 
32 
5 
4 51 3 
3N 4 26 6 
* , 4 31 3 
5W 4 45 5 
2W 4211 I 
4++ 4 92 7 
I* 
4 37o 7 
3++ 4 88 2 
ION 4 49 4 
4 
.4 
9+, — 2o I 
3W 4 37 7 

4o 
28 
28 W 
U N 
59+4 
U N 
HW 
2W 
18 
3 ', 
5 
H W 
24W 
C l 
8 
+ 
2 4 ', 
3oW 
33' a 
34' a 
31++ 
37 W - 
8+4 l l ’ . 
16’ t 
36+, 
3 4 ', 
4 | ', . . . . 
13' a l f , 4 
2W 
+ I* 4 
4N 
5++ 4 1'+ 
4 27 8 
5 
6 
4 I 
4 
2o 
9 W 
I C N ............ l l 
18+,+ 6W 
4 53 I 
. 
- 
. 
. 
22W 
33'a + ION 4 45.7 
Enn.sB 
32 549J s 8 
SN 
BN 
4 
N 4 13 6 
E nserth 
I 72 41o53 IO 3o 
I I N 29'a 
+ 
5N 4 24.2 
Ensp* IO 3? 
IOU l l ? ’ , 1o5N 112 a 4 7’ a 
4 
J I 
E n le * I 2o 
3436 IO JO 
T IN 29W 
4 U N 4 
73 2 
E nvrtec 
2oe 
26375 l l 37' , 
U N 
34N + 16+, 4 91 6 
I q u ila * 2a 
2634 IO 29’ a 
T IN 29'a 
+ 8 'r 
* 
4o 5 
E q u im rk 
88 4o51 
7 
12+, 
9'+ 12+, 
4 
2 N 4 3o 3 
Eau.lG s 
2 8+ 2493 
7 
37' • 
2 9 ', 3 ? '. 
4 
7N ♦ 25 3 
E qu lL I 
2 
29 143o! 13 27 
17+. 26N 
+ 
BW 4 48 6 
E srrrark I 76 49o85 8 
42 
3 o '. 35+4 + 
4 ', . 
I ) 
Esquire 
H i 
7533 VI 
8W 
4 ', 
BN 4 
3 N + 
7o f sterl.ry* 
36 
8o69 8 
9 ", 
SN 
SN 
+ 
2+, 4. 4o 4 
E th y l 1 6o 
25379 
6 49N 
29N 43 
+ I ) 
4 
43 3 
12 4o 
478? 
63W 
39'+ 54N 
+ IS 
* 
38 
E th yl pl 
FvansPd 
E vansf’d 
4o 
13o6o6 9 
33’ . 
E v a n pf I 4ow. 1294 
14' 
E .C e lO I 15 198)7 
9 
27+, 
E n c ls r I 76e 
E./ron 
1 4oi 
FM C 
I 
EMC pf? Ta 
Fabrge 
4o f a b riC tr 
17 
Face! E ntrp f a irC a m 8o 
F a ir Ind 3o 24541 IO t a .rm t F 68 
5288 
8 f a .rm tp f I f arW st 
Fnl 

3o39 
127625 
9 
7o127 12 
4o24 
25521 
9 
63771 
J 
14854 13 
78544 2? 55 
11 + 
I? 

21 
56’, 
27N 
39+4 
9' a 
HW 
9W 

426 
. 
4978 
F a ra h M fg 
21976 f odders CP fed rlC o 
1 6o 
7248 fO M ogl 
I 2oa 
134*8 
FeoN M t 
88 
1H1o7 
FedP aB d 9o 
5222 f Pap p l I 15 7 177o 
F P a p p tl 2o 
4971 
FS ig nl 6oa 
5586 
8 
FedD St I 44 8288? 14 
F e rro 
1 25 
9821 
7 
F 1 brood 
CP 
2o816 
F .d F in 2oe 
Fidel Un 2 4o 
FieldcrM U la 
F .ltro l CP 
F.nS anB 48 
F im Fed 
SO 
Fires hi 
I IO 
FstChar 
8oi 

19 
8 
9 W 
13+4 
7826? 75 
9+4 
" ‘ 
5 
31'+ 
25 
7 
H+» 
5 
2o 
7 4". 
74W 
17". 

5 
. 
14 
14’, 
18 
47'+ 
19' a 
31'+ 
SN 
A a 
5 
36+, 
AN 
1o++ 
U N 
5W 
5 
4 
22' a 
U N 
13’, 
16' . 
74'+ 
U N 
ION 

U N 4 
I U +146 5 
14' 
75+4 + 
2 1 ', ♦ 
51+* + 
24' a + 
38 
4 
9 ". ♦ 
9W - 
AW 
4o N N 
9W + 
U H * 
15 
+ 
* N + 
5+4 - 
V t + 
24'a ♦ 
2 4 ', + 
H U + 
. 
H W 
24 1 4 
23’ ak 
U N + 
49 
- 
31 
+ lo w +- 
6+, + 
32+. + 
19+, + 
9 ’ a + 
U N + 
U N + 
23+4 + 

 n w 
2 N 
9N 
4 ', 
6+4 
3W 

59 N 
4? 
34 
21+4 
IT ', 
SN 
5629 
6 
6W 
I N 
2757 
8 
32+4 
24 
11885 
6 27N 
IS 
4838 
5 
I I N 
7 
7?1 J 
5 
1 9 ', 9+, 
2oo94 
6 
2o' a 
9’ , 
6*88? 14 
26 
MW 
74o55 J 
18+, 
I IN 
I S tC h.f 96 
59917 9 23N 
U N 
22W f 'B n T e . 
I 
2o35 l l 
37N 
32N 
3 7 ', 
F sllnB n ITO 
738oo 
17 46'a IAN 
4J+, 
» si Miss 
36 
4 777o l l U N 
8' a IS f SIN Bo I 88 2834o 9 29W 
27W 
29+. 
I st NSI Bn 
2 
7184 
9 24N 
2oW 24'a 
F M P a I 37 
3o6 75 5o U N 
14 
H W 
F it Pa M ’g 
6oo2 
6 N 
IN 
V t 
F si Unf? i f 
3133 U 17'a 
9W U N f s t VaBk 45 
1o866 U 
7W 
4W 
7W ■ f W rsC p ' 76 
3*11 
8 23 W 
H W 
22N ■ 
F is c h M ! IO 
*35o 
9 
JJN 
2 3 '. 3o 
• 
F.ShFds 
4o 
16941 
6 13 
SN l l ’, 
FiShrSci 
28 
1593? a 171, 
91, IJW 
FleetE nt 
4o 
6-’SIH I* 2oW 
14 
19N fle m in g 
SO 
'819 
8 18', 
U N H W 
FleKiVan 
2o 
31133 17 U N 
8N HW f lim bo! 
I I* 
195o3 l l TSN 16 
22 
F lin p lA 4 SO 
761 
65' a 
SO1, 
65N . f Im p fB ? 25 
*74 
JON 
25 
JJN - 
F U E 
Coast 
2396 16 27 W 
H +. V t fia G a s 
1 19378 
8 2 1 ', 
H W 
2oW ? 
FlaP w L 
I 56 1o8778 
IO TSN 2o+. 
??W 
F la P ow ? 78 3o833 IO 32'a 
JSN 
32 
+ 
F la S tl I 2o 
4778 11 29N 
19N 
2o+, 
• flu o r C p 1 61o14 
IO 45 a 
3o 
38 . 
• 
F lu o rp lB 3 
6*5 
1o9 
T IN 91N f d F a lr 
7o 
SOB* l l 
8'a 
4 N 
5W 
F ooteC B I 
3961 
8 I * 
ION 
15+, * 
F ordM 
3 2o 
1*8o21 6 
61’, 
43W A IN f o rM c k 
I 34o2o 
J I I N 
U N 
15'a i 
IM T pf I 8o 
SOS* 
29’, 
22’, JA ', f 1 D ear I 24 
*328 
15+. U H 
U N 
H H o w P 
64 
33276 12 4oN 
28W 38'a 
FOS 4/h 
I I Od 19493 
8 
41’, 
21 ’N t i ' , f o .b o ro 
I 1*679 l l 5o + . 
??'a 
49'a 1 
F rn kln M 
7o 
54635 l l JSN 
23N 28?, fre ..p M 
I *o 
3U23 I? J IN 
M N 29 a 
F rig trn c IO. 
???58 2517 , 
7+. 
U N ■ f r u e h f l 
*o 78526 
7 29 
H + . 7?W 
F uqua In d o8t 
53183 
U + . 4 N 
U N 

+ 87 3 
+ 
12 7 
+ 2o9 
+ 21 7 
+ 71 6 
+ 65 9 
- 
26 

3+, + 
9 
3W + 6o 4 
1'/4 + 
IO I 
V t 4 16 5 
3N + 68 9 
2W - 31 3 
3W +• BIB 
V t 4 11 4 
I U . + 
94 
V t 4 14 J 

6’, + 38 2 
7+, + 72 8 
3 N - 
7 1 
9 
+ 4o 9 
TW e 32 8 
3' a * 112 
6’, + 26 6 
4N + 28 I 
7 ', ♦ 
SI 
8W + 9o 8 
SN N 88 3 
IN 
4W 
4+4 

* N 
3W 
AN 
4 ', 
IW w 
I N 
2'a 
4W 
J I, 
IN 
4+4 
4' a 
TW 
I N 
5+6 
H W 
8 
- 
ION 
7 N • 

6 7 
37 4 
26 7 

IT 2 
31 9 
29 4 
22 5 
IO 8 
29 4 
27 8 
5! J 
27 7 
31 9 
13 I 
45 3 
3o 5 
JO 2 
41 8 
344 
29 A 
32 7 
Al 8 
SI 8 
2 8 
8 9 
4 5 
4 1 

2+* 
N 
I +. 
• 
I N 
IN 4 
25 
4’ , + 44 8 
12N + 39 8 
I N 4 IO 7 
I ’, 4 
J I 
1+4 4 
13 
?N 4 26 4 
2o 
+ 9 7 
M N + 8o I 
3W + 14 4 
?’, + 364 
4 +* + 17 3 e w + 46 4 
> 
+155 6 

GAFCp 
6o 
+94oo 
G A * p l I 2o 
8269 
G a t , 
I DO 
25257 11 
O A T * pl? 5o 
554 
O f A Corp 
9797 2* 
GF BUSO 
32 
6396 l l 
G able in d 
G am Sh 
I 4o 
G am s p* I 6o 
G am s pH 75 
Gannet* 
I 
G ap S trs tie 
GardDen 
?6 
G a rtm k I o4 
GasSvC 
I 2o 
G ateway 
In 
G earhr* 
28 
G e m in i Cap 
G em In I 2oa 
G A in v I o6r 
O nA m O 1b 

G 
- H 
- l 
8 

S U I 
6594 
HOA 
934 
798 77 19 
8)73 
9 

U + 4 
22W 
34>. 
45 
?’ » 
I n 
7N 
29' a 
3?N 
32N 
4! 
14 
45?67 I? 31 
4223 
7 
4*U l l 
6)42 
4 
8848! IO 
5o7? 
UA* 
9»7? 
72762 H 
Gen Banc 
8o 
78o2 14 
G n ta b le ? ? ) * i* j IO 
G C inm * 
68 
15279 
Gen 
Oevelpt 
142o3 A 

IA N 
U N 
*W 
7* 
1*N 
H W 
12 
* 4 ’ a 
U N 

1o+4 
H W 
TSN 
MW 
4 
4> a 
«W 
21+, 
19+4 
2o . 
32N 
6' a 
U N 
U N 
U N 
4+6 l l 
*» . 
U + 4 
9N 
35+, 
I * 

1] + . ♦ 
19 N * 
34 
+ 
45 
♦ 
I U 4 
5+» + 
SN 4 
23 
4 
JJU 4- 
2 4 '. 4 
4 o ', + 
9 H 
I I H - 
TS N 4 
U N 4 
AW 4 
2 3 ', 4 
1 9 '. 4 
15+4 4 
I iv , 4 
A IN 4 
IV 

TAW 
AW 

H W 
17 
26W 
3+4 
SW 
J7N 
5J+. . 
58+4 
.6 
SSW 
SSN 
S IN 
SS a 
JO 

?W 4 24 4 
3W 4 
23 
V , 4 2 *3 
• N 4 23 3 
I N 4 96 * 
W 4 19 4 
N 4 
4 4 
H i 
4 
6 4 
AN 4 
JJ 
4+4 4 JI 3 
AW 4 2o 5 

SN - J! * 
IN 4 
9 
I N 4 IJ J 
I ’, 4 41 J 
ION 4 I J J 
9' a 4 *7 4 
2 N 4 
2o 
JU 4 
?4 
TS 
+ 
69 
IN 4 4o 6 
IW 4 17 J 
7+4 4 41 I 

Gen O y n *m 57*63 
A 
AS 
G ene. 
I 8o 2oo153 14 
J 
GenEI w 
46o 
On F o od ! 5o1o3o92 8 
3 4 '. 
26N 
GnGth I 34e 
I I H 
19 
2)W 
15+6 
Gun Nos* *o 
9o7* 
U N 
8W 
C entos* 221 63251 1$ 
TON 
I N 
Cmlnsfr p f) 
82? 
37 
27 N 
“ 
837o IO 
JI 
I I N 
579)1 IS SSW 
TAW 
338+85 8 
78+4 
57+4 
734 
54' a 
49 

G ivM e d 
3o 
G en M ill* 
?* 
On Mo* 
SSS.' 
GMO’ p * l ?5 
On Mo* Spl 
5 15o3 
?4 N 
..en P o rl inc 224*1 14 
?W 
G PU C p I 68 
763Vo IO 19' a 
G e o d e *r 
4o 4*35 J 
I I N 
On Sign! 
1 o4 17672 14 
SAN 
Gen Steel 
IT H 
5 
AN 
G T e iE i 
7 U U U IO 
J U . 
G TIEI pf? 5o 
G TIEI pl2 68 
G TFI p *l TS 
GT FI p* I 3o 
G TFI p l* U 
G T.re 
I 1ob 
G e n e .ro inc 

731 
6o4o 
164 
IJJ 
7291o 
44713 
A 
342o? 8 
GWister 
I 4o 
1456 
5 
G en u P*s 76 24o95 l l 
Ga Pact* 
8o 
5o+JVt I* 
GaPw pf? 
5? 1o+5 
GaPw pf 7 ?5 887? 
GaPw pf? 
8o 
76+ 
GaPw p*7 
72 
172 
G erbe r I. JO 1795o 
8 

35*. 
79 
H 
I* ' > 
*9 
TAW 
9 
2+W 

AS 
I 
U N 
*>4 
34' 4 
SN 
21+. 
J IN 
JAN 
14 
U U 
8? 
It 
4’ . 
U N 
33+4 
38 
1 M N 
I 28 
A* 

 tt >* 
17o5o IS 198+4 
•98 
I t 
IA '4 
J? JA 
9 
I? ’ * I N 
251771 
6 
I I N 
21*75 l l I I N 
IO U 
7 
15+4 
13*47 IO 
37 
2*o4* 
8 
I* 
5857 
U+4 
_ 
78746 
I I N 
A 
49o? 
7 
JSN 
I* 

4 I I 
38’ l l 1 
J * 1 
•7 
BS' 
TAW 

JJN 
U N ♦ 
2o W ' 
J5+. 
U N 
34+. 
?•'a 
ST+4 ♦ 
17 
■ 
I U 
IVW 
7 N 
SJW 
AN - 
31’ . ♦ 
J J N • 
28N 
U N < 
HW 
99 
26 
SN + 
JJU 
U N + 
38+, 

IN 
H 6 I 
V t 

JU 
SN 
1+4 ■ 
U N 
7++ 
JU 
V t 
X U 
V t 
V t 
JU 
JU 

M N 
I N 
A1 a . 
2N 

IN 
U N 

N 
5 
IN 
ION 

Vt iU 
V , 
2.W 
I U 

G ettyO J STN 
G e v O p fl 2o 
G a ntP C AO 
.. Or Fro 
U ddl r e 
OI 
O H fd H ill 64 
G illette 
I 5o 
Gmos loc 
G ’easW 
Ite 
C.iobei 
M a r 
G lo be Un I 
G o ld **! F m 2199? 
5 
IO U l l 
G oid\6rpf ?l 128 1 o 
21 
U N 
Goudrh 
I I? 
57382448 29N 
’ I 
C dr ch pH IS 
268Jo 
IA N l l 
Goodyr 
I IO U2oU I? 
25‘ . TON 
G o' J * IA 4o 
7788 A 
U N 
9W 
Gould 
I 
22oo1 IO J IN TI 
G o u id p tl 35 91U 
JON 
19N 
G ra ce I IO 75*42 
* 
33 W 
?4N 
G ra in g e r I i H?oJ 17 3 4 '. 
24H 
Gr a n o u n I 
M IC 
6 
18+. 
U N 
G rem tyi 
9o 
8568 5 U N U N 
Or a , D’ g to 
5568 5 19’ , U N 
O 'a t Pac 
452*1 27 
IS H 
ION 
GtCkO 
1 3oa 
18o8 5 24 a 
U N 
G W it 
I Soi. 
1643 IS JOW 14 , 
G’ Nokik 
1 1o 
2o7*718 
IA N 
7 7'. 
G 'fkhF m so 
83744 IO M N 
G '^ e .1 
U nit 
)?5* A J IN 
G ’ We p i f l l 
J9oe 
TON 
Or G ent 
I ■ 
865o 22 a 
G rG t P H ? * 
1*1 
27’ a 
G reyh 
1.344 
ASSI? 8 U N 
G reyhnd w ! 
2o*28 
IN 
G r o v e r in c 
U78o 
3 N 
G ru m m 8o 1*246 
4 l l ’ , 
G uardin 
X i t l l 1 U N 
G u iro M fg 
SOSO 
J' a 
OulVAfstn 
«o 
7*3*4 4 
2o’, 

J? 
29W 
•S N + 
•A N 4 l i t * 
NAN + 
17' a ♦ 
ION 
IO' a 4 
• ’ * 4 
14+. + 
27’ , - 
* N — 
I I N ♦ 
5 
I 
- 
. 
75 . « l l 
U N + 
I 

45 J 
42 9 
TO* 

9 5 
42 4 
I* I 
147 l l I 
I* 7 
IS I 

T ? u 1 
41 7 
14 

52 * 
IOO 
25 A 
• 4 

3 I 

 i i iii’n 
32 I 

U N 
16+4 
23* 
24 6 
Va * 
I 
M N + 2 o 4 u 4 i i 

SN +11o 3 
TW 4 4? * 
SN ♦ Al A 
SN — H S 
13 2 to 
• A 
•3 6 
A? 
'I N 
4 
5 + 4 4 
44 2 
IA N 4 
I N 4 49 3 
I * 
4 
9 
4 l l I 

136*47 

IW N 
4 7 ',’ft 
2 
JBN 

’ VT 
J* 

U N 
U a 
U N 
I I N i i ' * 
II 
IN 
I N 
14 
* N 
I 
HW 

 i f * 
74 
34 
V t 
IN 
JON 
11+4 
U N i i 
■ M N 
U+4 
U N 
U N 
St 
48 

G itW in d w ’ 
Give* p*s ?s 
+6* 
GlflAjpf J 87 
2*29 
Git Bf pal SO 
5623 
G ill fH td *o 52+7* A 
Go! iM fg d ll 
+o17 
G ultO il 
I 8o 27HS9 
G u H fre .rc 1+68o* 
I 
G ild OIA 2o 
ISS a * p*B I 3o 
1o 2 3 rd p*C I *o 
M A I 
It* St UT I U 7912o 
* 
IO p*4 
4o 1*o3o 
Git SU pf 4 
S2 (IM O 
G itlU prs o8 1172o 
Gut ton 
Ind 
86+6 8 
H M M ind 
8331 l l 
HackA* 2 8o 
HOA 
I 36 
MetlF B 
A* 
14314 l l JI 
H a ll PH AC. 
1441 i 
TON 
MellifoHn 
M e 
’97237 1J69N 48N 
M e m riP I JO J i U l T 2SN 
U N 
M em m ond 
38*4 * 
V t 
|+» 
Hen J Sec I 47* 8529 l f , 
U N 
Men lin y I l f * SIO? 
1JU 
U N 
Mend!m n 
2o 
U U ) I ! 
I U 
JU 
H andy Mer 8o 2 359 I 
J IN 
I I N 
Manes^p 
I M 214*2 
A 
28' 1 
U N 
H enna 1 8o 
11244 * 
AON 
4JN 
H a r B r J l 32 
9SC4 9 
3 4 ', 
J I' ■ 
H e rd * * . 
U S U I 
*+ . 
AN 

23 
12 a - 
3o 
4 
3 o '. + 
79’ . 4 
JO 
4 
I * ’ . 4 
T a n 4 
U N 4 
U N 4 
IJ H 4 
2o+. 4 
32+. 4 
J IN 4 
2o 
- 
H u ­ l l ' 1 4 
?4+. 4 
U 
4 
2 
4 
I N - 
U N 4 
I* * . 4 
I N - l f . 4 
I N - 
72N 4 

2 
1 a 
I I N 
IO 
4 
4+4 4 
J 
V t + 
IN 
JU 
J U . 
4N 
AN u n 
*W 4 72 S 
- 32 2 
- 
I J 
JU 
I*« 
IN 
N 

V 
14 J 
23 I 
14 3 
2o 2 
V t 4 TAJ 
N - 15 4 

1 a 4 

U 

A 1 
4N 
I N 
N 
I N 
JU 
JU 
3 

U N 4 
N e 

 r : 

49 
SS 
1 + , 
J 
JJN 
U N 
U N 

SI 
S4N 4 
8 V , 4 
4 N 4 

M N 
I U 
AN 

21 
V i!?! 
41 i 
8 ) 8 
4 o * l l 4 
13* 
I i I 

8 4 
I? 2 
14 J l l I 
25 I l l 2 
J I * 
4o2 
TOH 4 
I 
4 SI 4 
R N 4 IAN 4 S t 
M N 4 
I v , 4 
SI 
J U 4 
I t 4 *o 3 
I N 4 

Merm an 
SOC 
Mar n.W * 
IO 
H e rr*h 3o* 
H e rrf k 
I SO 
H a rris 
Hersey 
' 4ob 
Her* S M . 
Ti 
Mar r* *.k 
6o 
He+ti-r 
I 

U la i 
A 
1S++J* ? 
7821 
I 

27 I 
M N 
U N 

U l l ^ J *J 9 N 
H IM a 
IT' / 
H IU 9 
1+ 4 
SOBA 
U 
29' a p a 25 i f , 
■ L .. ■ 
■ 
M S 9 
JAN h«,w .m r 
It 
4+6* 
* 
IIN 
H e te lfin * 
1)o71 
4 
U N 
H eck, 
I) lU j t f 
* 
«w 
H e cle M 3ot 18*4o 
U N 
H e ilm B r 
AO. TM * 
* l f h » ln iM J 
I OI 1o 1 32 1 934 , 
H e m , p f I ’ o 
*38? 
3? 

U N 4 
I N 4 
I T 
22+6 4 
J N 4 111 
4?, - 
— t i 
JON 4 
SN 4 3* 7 
JAN 4 U H 4 
I * 
14 
4 f , 4 2o 7 

I N 4 4o 7 
AN 4 41 4 

 i4n : i i i 

 r n * A IO N 

H W 
M N 
14 l l 
4 
12 t i ' , 4 
J’ N J I 
IA N 
29 
HH 
2 5 , 
IU 
It * * 
♦ • 
ITH 
K a 
U H ii a 
JO 
74 . 
* 
M U 
IT a 
I 4 
IU 
AU 
♦ a 
S '* 
JIH 

IJ H 
A* 

IA H 4 

 t i 
M 2 
U N * A4J 
’ I i ' ♦ 49 3 
IN 4 TT A 
I N 4 
A 
I 4 4 44 7 
SN 4 18o I 
I N 4 
44 

J N B I U 
+ , 4 
T i 
A 
H elene C u rl 
7*19 
I 
* w 
S 
A 
- 
N 
- * 4 
Heller m l 
94 
3o813 9 
JBN 
MV, 
M W • * AH 
— IS S 
M iler p f4 OI 
T T T 
IM 
Al 
H U 
- I I N 
— U I 
MenoerP 
AO 
U R I l l A l* . JOH 
AAN 
4 IS 
4 M i 

Teorfy 
High la w 
H em .sp Cep 
Hem Inc 
6Ae 
Hercules 
I 
H ershyF I 12 
Hesston 
1o5o6 
H e s tn p f LAO 
46o8 
H e u b lin I 3255128 13 
59>. 
H e w ltP k 3o*436! IT 1U N 

B -f 
IM * .) H ig h la w la * * Chg 
2523 
2’+ 
H a 
2 
+ 
US* a w 
AN 
I 
4 
1oo1oo 
14 
38 24 
28 
4 
13845 
I J J U M V, 
VTN 4 
23+* 
TW 
9 , , _ 
25V, 
IS H 1 7 ',— 
38*, 
41++-— 
8o 
8 7 ', - 
Hon vo l I 
o5e 
1o992 19 
JU 
Hlllenbd 
78 
634* 
9 
24 
H iltonH *l 
92 
722421 12 23'+ 
H o b a rt 92 
793o 13 
28 
H oernw 
9o 
18o876 IO 
23'a 
HOHE Ie Ile 471? 
7 
9 N 
H o lid a y 4o14o587 12 
2o 
H lid y A !7 o t 
1153 
3o 
Moll yS 2 4o 1o945 
3 
46*+ 
Homes tv 
Is 
54423 19 
44’, 
H onyw ll 
I Ad 
119832 IO SAW 
H oovB B I 12 2385 
7 
24’ , 
Hor iro n Cp 14717 . 
I N 
H o s p A tf 32 
9o6o 
7 
U N 
3674o IO 28 
188o758! 
I* 
16696 I 
151 
7o74 
8 
27254 8 
‘ 
7 

H W 
27 

T i * 
2 2 ', 
48*. 
2117 
4o 
88A53 8 
32N 
6U89f 12 
SAN 
1o8653 IO U N 
6576 l l 
IAN 

4 ', 
1 7', 
IS 
19*. 
14*. 
5N 
ION 
19 
2A 
25 
32W 
18W 
I ' , 
I I N 
2 o ', 
S ', 
IO ', 
23’, 
I I N 
7N 
15+, 
3 $ ', 
29*. 
2 o ', 
25 
9H l l 

A 
2 1 ', 4 
22N 4 
J a n + 
M W 4 
J 
4 
13’, — 
2 7N — 
3 o '. - 
37 
+ a w ♦ 
23N 4 
2 
4 
15W 4 
26 
4 
I I N - 
U N 4 
26+4 4 
H W 4 

2 ? N ~ 
48 

MOSpCpA 
4o 
H o stlnfl 
4o 
Hooded 
9os 
Houdpf J I i 
H o u g M if .72 
HousFeb 
28 
H ousbF I 7o 1o27o3 
HOUF p f 2 37 
177o 
HOUF of? SO 
Ho USL P 
I I A 
MousNG 
7o 
How John 
3? 
Hubbrd I.JO 
H udsnA 8o 
1544 63 22N 
14 
H udsnB 8o 
493 &4 22 
14N 
HughHdt 
4o 
4743 A 
8 ', 
4N 
HughsTl 
5o 7o688 
13 S IN 
34 
H u m a ns 4o 13957 IO U N 
I I N 
HuntC h 34 
1987o IS IS ’, 
ION 
Hutto EF 
AO 15523* 
5 25W 
13*+ 
Huy ck 
AO 15911 
14 U N 
ION 
H ydrom t 
52 
13519 5 15 
8*4 
K in d s I 4o 
31656 7 22W 
!6 '» 22W 4 
6 lC ln d p * 3 SO 
53U 
44 
J3W 44 
+ 1 o '. 
IC Inds pf 6 
619 
IOO 
75 
ICO 
4 2 7 ', 
ICN 
P harm 
24953 6 
5+, 
> 
4 '* + 
W 
IDS P ity 
1o75o 
SN 
I N 
I N — 
I ' , 
INACP2 IO 
41137 IS 47N 
34N 47W 4 U N 
IVN 
U N IV N 
4 
I N 
8o’+ 
6o 
8o'4 4 27’ 

*4 4 
AO 
IW 4 23 I 
N 4 
I ? 
3N 4 2o I 
IV . — 
' 
4+, 
5 
7 V, — 
7.7 
IN 
J 
TW 
3 
BW 
I N 
IV . — 
I N - 
2 
— 
V t 4 
1 5 ', 4 
9 N 4 
V. 4 14 .3 
V , 4 
8 
5+, 4 26.8 
IN - 13 9 
V t 4 74 I 
3N 4 16.3 
2W 4 IT 7 
2 
- 18.4 
SW 4 34 4 
12 
4 33 3 

* ▼ JV. I3 8 j 
Vol 

56 7 
24 + 
I 7 
A 7 
6.2 
4.2 
453 t i 

3 I+ .4 
BN 4 28 6 
S IN 4 
8’, 4 34.4 
34N 4 IO 
4 
41 
U N - 
J 
- 13 .8 
+N 4 416 
2 H 4 I) 4 
3 
4 2o 2 
V t 4 55 A 
3 N — 
8 5 
5 
W 
5'+ 
N 

U N 
U + 4 
U N 
I 
39’ 4 
H W 
U N 
U N 
13’ a 
U N 
I I N 

IN A ln 
1.59* 
4123 
I I T Svc p*4 
73 
I U in tl 
9o 68255 l l 
ILI Int A 
1294 
I U Int pf 3 25 
6+8 
Idd h oP 2 16 17oo8 IO 
Ideal Ba 
1 2o 
269+6 9 
Ideal pf4 75 
41o ideoToy 
32b 
13764 6 
III Po w r 2 2o 347o5 l l ll Pow pf 2 o4 
1989o 
IIP O w p l? IO 2187o ll Pow p l 2 13 
7459o 
11 P ow pt ? 21 7224o ll P ow p*? 35 2*31o 
11 Pow p f 4 12 
156 ll Pow p l 3 78 2559o 
11 Pow p l. 47 
47o3 
ITW 
56 
3622 16 

U N 
35 
21 
3o 
JJU 
91' a 
9 N 
28 
26' a 
26 
J I 
JJU. 
3o 
51 W 
47' a 
54*. 
3o 

9 N 
26’ 4 
U N 
26 
13’+ 
58 
6 ', 
22' a 
M N 
22' a 
23 
24' a 
25’ a 
46' a 
41 
5o 
21 

H W - 
33 ’ « 
U N 
29 W 
22 W 
96' a 

Im plCpA 
Ji 
73761 A l f , 
ION 
IN C O l 4oa 71787 I* 
J I 
InCm Cap 88e 4265 
?+, 
IncCCu 
8oe 
1683 
IO 
In d iM p l 7 o8 7*5oo 
79 
Ind 'M pf 7 76 
7 81oo 
85 
IndiM p!8 68 
7*84o 
VA 
Ind’M pl I? 
569 
I U ’ ; in d 'G a s? I? U U 
9 
TAN indpiP L 
I 82 
23372 IO 2 5 ', 
In P t p*6 25 
159 
94+4 
In d lN a l I 2o 
77o6 8 
1 7 ', 
In e .c o O il 
74o12 18 
U N inqer d 
J AB 
HUO 13 9 5 ', lo ad pf 2 15 
9624 
57N m ind 
Con I 
469/f 
8 33’, 
InlndStl 
2 6o 
4U83 l l 58W 
IniTiont 
AO 
44743 6 
14'4 
InsH co 8oe 73638 
8 
H W 

 a' a +■ 
27N + 
25' a +• 
25' 4 + 
27 
4 
26N + 
I I N +• 
SO1 a * 
47 
4 
54 + 4 
27N 4 
U N + 
32N 4 
I U 4 
IO 
+• 
7 7 ', + 
85 
+ 
93 
4- 
118’, * 
2 6 ', + 
24' a 4 
94 + 4 + 
16' 4 4 

2 ', 
V t 
3*4 
4' 6 
9W 
39 
2 j 4 
J 
1+4 
2 

41 J 
9 
438 
4 9 
47 I 
36 6 
3o 4 
37 9 
269 
37 5 
34 5 
IS I 
51 4 
21 8 
27 9 
25 2 
16 
72 6 
67 8 
3o 8 
2 8 
8 5 
I i 
8 
I 9 
5 6 
8 6 
14 6 

I i i U 
BN 
66 
67' a 
76'a 
IO? 
IV N 
2o l l 
W t 
6 N 
U N 
M N 
76N 

Insil 
Of A I 25 
1465 
InspCop 
SOT 
4825 
Ins*'* 
InvT r 
3284 
Inle g o n 36 
9586 
I 
In te r'o 
I 66 
2o986 
I 
Interctl 
Div 
2388 
In’erlak 
2 2o 
127*6 5 

18' a 
J IN 
J' a 
9 N 
48N 

78913 24 28N 
7o444 5 
91222 6 
6o 
15144 
6 
46+3 
7 
1142+4 l l 

IB M 
IntFlavF 
In tH s rv 
185 
InlM m C 2 4o 
IntM m r pf+ 
InfM nq 
4oe in tM u fti 
85 
Int Paper 
J in tR ectif 
2o 
+793 
In tT T I 7622o+o5 
9 ln tT T p *E + 2277o 
In tT T p f F 4 . 
12 
In tT T p*H 4 
2*76 
IntTT p f j 4 
411o 
In t TTp* K 4 12347 
In tT T p *o5 
4o66 
ITT pfN 2 25 
364o8 
ITT p f I a 5o 
4226 . 
Intrpce 
1 45 
4263 ln trp c e p *5 
73o 
Inlrp G p 
I 6o 
7o95 
In trs B rd 56 
46o8 
8 
IntrsP w 
I 45 
74o1 
9 
Intr Pw p*2 2B 
461 
InfrstU n 
24 
99o7 
2o 

44' a 
24 
41 
? '. 
8+f! 
I I N 
2o+. 
I 
I 
SSW 
3W 
2SW 

5o’ 
H W 
5o’, 
14' a 
U N 
18' + 
26' a 
IN 
9 ‘ a 
46N 
6 
37*. 
9 173314 IV 288N 223+, 279N ♦ 

33 
42'+ 
49 ' a 
U N 
IVN 
TV*. 
8 
34 W 
1o2’ 
94' 

IV 
22+, 
32*4 
45 
AW 
U N 
57N 
• 5N 
J JU 
33’, 
71 
1o1 
73 

2 2 ', — 
33 
+ a n 4 a 
+ 
14W 4 
19 
4 
6 8 + 
A 

A ', 
A' B 
7N 
2+4 
N 
U N 
15' a 
IV 
U N 
TW 
4W 
IV' a 
3*4 
AW 
AN 
4N 
7N 
IO1, 
6' a 
AN 
5 ', 
5+4 
N 
JU 
IU 
IN 
U N 
55 

28 5 
59 8 
29 2 
59 5 
8 I 
25 
22 3 
25 7 
15 3 
37 9 
2o 3 
25 9 
3o 
94 7 
9 I 
IO I 
34 7 
24 9 
81 3 
73 5 
43 I 
27 7 
36 4 
3o 4 
IV 4 
29 I 
47 J 
24 5 
IN - 
7 8 
ION + 47 5 
■F 
13 
4 
3 1 
+ 1Jo.6 
+ B S 
4 19 J 

I N 
1*4 
I 
AN 
H W 

9 4 ', 
A IN 
44 
6 3 ', 
59' a 4 2 ', 
St 
58'4 
41’ . 
5A+. + 15++ 
63 
47 
6 2*. 
+ 15*. 
41 
27’ , 
4oW 4 U N 
62' a 
4 5N 
A IN + 1 6 ', 
I X U 
23V. 
3o+, + 
7'+ 
81' a 
64 
S IN + 18 

U N + SO 6 
3? 
4 i i 8 
34’ , 4 i i 5 
2oW -I 
46 8 
+ 1 7 ', 4 4o 9 
38 4 
33 5 
2 

J IN 
U N 
15’ . 
IO N 
17+, 
U N 
26*, 
24 
I 
4> + 

3 V , 
I5 N ♦ 
HW 
26 N 
5N lOW/tBI 
1632 
3 
25'+ 
2oN U N 
Iowa El 
I 4o 
7522 
9 
U N 
U N 
I? 
Iowa IIG 
I ?2 
8174 IO 
2o+1 
U N 
2oN lo w lll pf? 31 
1291 
28’ . 
74N 
27N low aP w Lt 2 1o 7539 
1126 
J IN 
25’, 
Iow ans I 77 
6993 l l 
21 
U N 2oW ipcoHosp o5o 12286 
9 6 
3 *. 
SN 
Hek Corp 
2465o 32 
U N 
S N 
U N + itolC oro 
3o 
49718 
6 H W 
SN 
U N 

U N 
4>, 
I’ . 

J’ . 
3’, 

3 ', 
7 
IN 

+ 35 5 
4 31 4 
4 28 V 
+ 88 6 
+ 35 9 
+ 12 5 

+ » 3 
4 34 7 
+ 29 5 
4 18 I 

4 14 4 
I IO 6 
4 46 7 
* 83 3 
♦ 119 J 

J 
- K 
- L 
Jam es* 
8o 
9478 
I! 71 
U N 
TON 
4 
SN 4 69 8 
Janfaen 8o 
A IU 
6 23 + , 
13*. 
U N * 
3 N 4 28 J 
Japan F v ie 19879 
1o* . 
? N 
IO N + 
+ . 4 7 9 
Jeff Pi lot 
8o 79293 12 
32N 
241% J J '. 4 
4N 4 
17 3 je r Cen pf 4 
IU 
44' a 
36 
43N * 
AN 4 
I? A 
JcrC e p f 9 JA 
TO? 
1o2’ , 
82 
1o2 
+ 2o 
4 24 4 
J e rC e p f8 12 
1o5 
VI 
7 1 ', 
VO 
* 
U N ♦ 24 I 
JerCeo pf 8 
78UO 
89 
72 
89 
4 
U N 4 21 I 
Je rC e pf? 88 
2*41o 
88 
69N 8? 
+ 1 ? 
4 
24 3 le c p t u so 
479 n o h o n d o 
4 iv 4 i t i 
Jar Cen p i l l 
1o38 
113 lOC'a I U ’ * * 
ION 4 9 9 
Jewel C 
1 3o 
2oo75 
8 2 4 '. 
19', 
23’, 4 
JU 4 I* 4 
Je w elcor 
1o724 
9 
| v . 
J ’, 
4 N 4 
' , 4 2 8 
JhnM an 
I 4o 
88A31 IO IS’, 23 
JJN + 
IO '. A 44 I 
John son Jo 
I 
75781 23 96’ a T I ', 
TI 
— 
I I N — 13 I 
Johns EF 
SO 
41A1 
A 
U N 
U N 
HW 
JohnCon I 2o 
1827o 9 2 7 ', 
12H 
TAN 
4 
13+, 4 IOT 9 
JhnCon* p f 2 
368 
5o 
2 6*. 49 
4 
22N + 85 8 
JonLogn 5o 282*3 
5 19N 
IJW 15N 
+ 
7 N + 
17 9 
Jo nLaup* 5 7*17o 
5AN 
51 
SAN + 
AN + 
* 5 
Jorgen 
J 
3695 
A 43N 
27*. 
42>k + 
!4?« + 53 4 
Joslens 
8o 
24*3 IO 
19H 
U 
I I N + 
5 '. + 
4o 
Jo yM fq I 3o47375 
12 SON 
3 2N 
AA*. + 14 
♦ 42 8 
Justice M fg 
3o77 
4+, 
IN 
I N + 
N + 461 
(CLM A irt in 
1456 
5 5 2 '. 
29 
J IN + 
U N + 41 4 k a is r Al I 2o 24*45 13 
4o’ , 
2 ? ', 36N + 
SN + 32 
‘ .............................. 
44' 
‘ 

TocrVy 
__ 
High Lew 
M 
(KB* ) 
H igh lo w U n* Ch? 
M a s h ie 98e 15577 
I U , tow 
M a ts u E 28e 12126 14 27V, 
I I N 
M a tte l Inc 
264o9 
6 
8’, 
AN 
M a y D S tr 1 12 249o7* 1o36 
M W 
M ay erose 
1 2o 3557 
1o33++ 
24N 
M ays JW 
33o3175 
6 N 
2*6 
M a ytg 1.5oa 19339 14 
39 
3oV+ 
McCord 
84 
2838* 6 ITV. 
13 
M cD erm ot 
I 
77o22 4 
55'+ 
38 
M cD nld 
o5e 
145o U 21 AA a v . 
M c Don D 44 53299 
9 
25 
U N 
Mc Contr 
VO 
453o 
5 21W 
U N 
M cG E d I 5o 1795? l l 
32N 
U N 
M cG rw H 
64 
38749 l l H W 
U N 
M G H p fl 2o 
1953 
28 
2oN 
M c ln fy r I 
1234 JI 
4 8 ', 
2 6 ', 
M cK ee 9o 
49*7o1 
I 
JOU 
1 3 ', 
McLean 
46 
4*47 
9 27W 
IV N 
Mc L ou t I 6o17999 12 
23*+ 
IA N 
M cN eil 
8o 
3386 
7 U N 
9 ', 
Mead Cp 
92 
428o5 6 23 
IAN 
M e a p fA 2 8o 2155 
59 
35N 
M eap»B2 8o 6611 
59N 
36*+ 
M edusa I 6o 
6+45 
7 
3 oN 
17 
AAelville 
68 63194 12 
26?, 
M enasc 8o 1256o 
7 
U N 
WlercStr 
8o 
3554 9 64'a 
M erck 
I 5o 1o5W6 2o I I N 
M eredith 
TO 5o65 
5 
19 
M errU yn 
8o 2oo135 9 
33’ . 
Mesa Pet 1o*257? 23 
37’ a 

I I H 
2AN + 
S N + 
32 
4- 
33N + 
3W + 
15'a + 
U N 4- 
AAN + 
53N — 
23N + 
I I H + 
31'a + 
U N + 
JI 

H 4 
5.7 
V t + 
39 
J ', + u s 
U 4 
I 
8 H + 34 3 
V. + l l a w + i i a 
A 
+ 63 2 
TH + 19 7 
5 
— 
8 6 
I N + i i 
BW + 6o2 
9 
+ 
4 
o 
3?, + 29 8 
A' . + 3o I 
2 * i. — lo 
— 25 5 

U H 
9 H 
42’ . 
62H 
IO ', 
14' a 
I* 
M esP pf I 6o 29368 
38'+ 
2 4 ', 
Mesabi 
I,W e 
46333 8 
I I N 
A 

U N 
25’ , + 
U N — 
I I N + 
2o+. + 
53 
+ 
53 
+ 
29N + 
26*. + 
U N + 
ASH - 
6 8 ', - 
19 
+ 
25V. + 
36 . + 
3AN 

7 N 
I U 4 
' a — 
2H + 
I N + 

TO 2 
397 
2 6 
29 2 
71 I 
43 2 
43 J 
59 9 a A 
7* 2 

16 
16 
11 
IN 
7H tv * - 13.6 
I ' , — 
I A 
8+. + BS 4 
1o+4 4- 74 I 
IT 
+ 88 3 
12 
+ 49 2 

M esldM 
LAS 
2o3o 
M G M lr 
26189 
I 
M etrom 
I IO 
36771 
M e tE p ’ 3 9o 
1o5 
M e tE pf 8 12 7625o 
M c tE pf 7 68 2493o 
M I E pf J8 3? 
IOO 
M eE p f 18 12 
2o2 
M IE PlH8 32 
IO! 
M ichG s I IO 
2926 
M ich T ube I 2o528918 
Mh iAfipf 2 6? 1o999 

3 o ', 
U N 
I * ' , 
U N 
I 
IO N 
15 
45 
91 
87’ , 
9 1N 
91 
91 
8 
U N 
25 
29’ , 

35' 
7 3 ', 
7o 
73' a 
71’, 
73 
I I N 
U N 
26N 

SN — 
IN — 13 4 
29N + U N + 74.1 
U ' « + 
I N 
27+, + 13’, 

M hW i pt2 12 
24o9 
25’ , 
25 
M ic ro w a v e AO 8o22 .1123', 
13N 
M id C tll 16 11156 
9 
17'a 
U N 
M idS Ut ’ 38179o241o 
U N 
13N 
M idlnd Mio 
M idlR o 
1 « 
M ilesLb 
I 28 
M iigo Elect 
M 'lf& ra d 
AO 
MmnGs 
I 72 

5239 
18*oo 
8 
99o3 
8 
23318 15 
I+653 8 
417 

3 
2 9 '. 
79’ a 
22+. 
U N 
25 
M in M M I 45 U3298 2o 66H 
M innPL 
I 66 
9o65 
8 
21*, 
M irro A I 
96 
25o8 
9 
U N 
M is s n E q 3617o55 
8 
18’ , 
MPacC I 6o 
53997 
6 
Al 
Mo Pac d pl l 
3687 
32N 
Mo Pi Ce 
LAO 
2o*o 
9 
27N 
M oPSv lb 
6717 
8 
15?, m ops p f2.44 r n v 
M o b il 3 8o177o88 
I 
65 
M o b ile Horn 13773 63 
7 
M obasco 9o 2o 6 26 
8 
2 5 
M ohk D ata 
68272 22 
9 ’ * 
M ohkd 
I 2o 
2875 
5 
24 
Moi ycorp la 
1*o92 9 
AO1* 
M oly pf2 SO 
555 
5o 
Mon rh I ?oa 
2522 
5 
24’ a 
M o n og r 28 37o77 
6 
U N 
M onrEq 
TO 
SBSA* JI 
U N 
M onsan? 8o 1o17o6 
81oo 
Mons pf? 75 
659 
HON 
Mon DU J IO 
2759 
I 
35N 
M o n p w I 8o 77477 l l 
28 

TO1 ; 
15 
9 N 
I I N 
52’ « 
IBN 
U N 
8 
22N 
U N 

43 
88N + 
8 7N 4 
88 
+ 
VI 
4 
89 
+ 
U 
4 
2 4 ', + 
29 N + 
2 5 ', 
. 
22H 4- 
U N + 
I t * . + 
IN 4 
29 
4 
24 
+ 
IO N + 
14+. + 
23N 
SAN 4 
U N 4 
U N + 
U N + a ’, + 
32 

AN - 
I* 
19 
- 
15 
■ 
2o 
U N 
2+, 
7 N • 
3 N 

9N 
AN 
2' + 

 l l 
W 
SN 
5', 

21 I 
197 
17 A 
22 I 
JI I 
7o A 
28 J 
22 1 
2o 7 
44 I 
119 

61 
34 3 
ISS 
9.1 
Al I 
5 
32 5 
53 3 

V , 
JN 
W 

J 
15 7 
AS 
9+, 411o 3 
U N 4- 777 
IAN + I i i 
IN 4 
5 2 
TOW 
JJU 
9++ 
IS ’ , + 
AW 4 62 8 
24 N 
JI 
47 
3 '. 
U N 
3 
U H l l 
78 
16 
AH 
I U 
76 
SAN 
IA N 
22 
Mont SI 
I 8<V» 
8696 
73' I 
71' 
MO NY 
96r 
16615 14 12 
JU 
MooreM cC 
I 
37396 5 
SS’ a 
79N 
M o rg a n 
2 
76667 12 
64+, 
5o 
M orrisK nu 
I 
87*3 5 26N 
18 
Morse Sh 
SO 
73351 5 
U H 
ION 
M tcicTr 
Am 
33o8 
4+. 
?N 
M er N or 88 4o9o6 
71N 
13+, 
M otorola 
84 
62789 2'2 59 
A IN 
M I F u el 
2 27296 11 
4 5*, 
3o ’ . 
M f Si Tel I 68 676? 
9 
TAN 
IV 
M u n fo rd 
4o 
7+44 
5 
I I N 7 
M untd pf +o 
1889 
7' a 
SN 
M unsng I o8 2446 
9 
2o 
14*. 
M urohC 
I » 
422o 7 23*, 
IAH 
M urpO il 
AO 
79997 6 25N 
U N 
M u rry O h LTO 3)68 6 
J IN 
IJ H 

A*.* 

65 
4+, 4 
U N 4 
AN + 
22N + 
39 
4 
49'+ 4 
24’, 4 
U N + 
I U , + 
SSN 4 
95 
* 
35 H + 
JI' > 4 
JJU * 
IV a ♦ 
U N 4 
SAN ♦ 
21+4 + 
U N * 
4 N + 
TON ♦ 
57 
4 

M u rry ' 
M u ttO m 1 32 49o6 
16’ 
M y e rs L 4o 
BUT 
IO 
He RCp 
72 129232 14 38 
23N 
N LInd 
I 2o 
88o33 9 72 
U N 
NL TCp 
64 
66641 8 2 4 ', 
U N 
MVF J A lt 27313 
7 U N 
AN 
Nabisco 
J 4o 
26288 l l 
SON JSN 
NalcoCh 96 
235o8 17 36'a 
2 9 ', 
NarcoSci 
6o 
672o 7 
IS H IO ', 
NashuaC 
68 
16o14 12 
2o 1o+. 
N a 'A rn i 5o 32375 22 
18** l l 
N A via lie 
1o928 
IAH 
I I N 

44' 
75 
8 + « 
61 a 
I * ' . 
19 
23 
IB N • 
U N 
9 ' a - 
37' a 
TOH 
24 
9 '. - 
5o'a 
Ja n u h 
18 
13 
16 

17+. 
IN 
J U 
SN 
5H 
21 
2o*. 
7+, 
5 H 
7+4 
11+4 
IO 
9*. 
I 
V , 
4 ' , 
U N 
2*» 
J 
SN 
IN 
7N 
15*4 
U N 
SH 
IN 
IN i j 
JU 

4 3? A 
4 34 A k 16 J 
4 IOO 
* 13 6 
4 116.7 
+ 72 8 f 43 I t BLB 
+ 3o 1 f 15 4 
+ 118 
+ 37 I 
+ 
3 8 
+ 
AV 
+ 559 
+ 5' J 
+ 
5 1 
4 IO I 
+ 68 3 
4 65 2 
» 53 7 
+ 38 J 
I 45 3 
<■ 
29 
* 
25 
4 26.8 
* 
3 2 
16 9 
S N 4 14.3 
SN + 
‘ 
2N 
+ 
I N 
4 13*. 
+ 
7H 
+ 
I U 
4 
JU 
4 I? 
+ 
4 
V t 
6U 
J N 
AN 
U N + 
3 N 
25N 4 
AN 
27N - U N 
SN n u 

N atC an 57 2931? 
6 
I * ' a 
IO' a 
N C a n p f LSO 
1512 
79*+ 21 
NHChem 
AO 
36434 14 43N 
18 
N fC if yL n 3oe 5948 A 
9 ’ a 
5 N 
N atD etr 
I 52 
2838 
A 
28N 
25’ 
N a !D u ll 4o69233 
7 
27N 
IA N 
25W 
NDstpt 
4 25 
2465o 
7 2 
67 N 72 
4 
N D stp t 2 25 
99 
38 
35’ a 38 
+ 
N atFuel 
J 16 
556? 8 
28 
21 
28 
+ 
N a! F uel p l J 3o 137o 
2 7 '. 24'a 
27 
N a tG yp I o5362o9 l l 
U N 
H W 
U N 
+ 
Naf Hom es 
7o87o 
8 
3’ , 
SN + 
N a tln d .3o 
27671 
4 
H W 5 *. 
7+, 4 
Net Ind p l 6o 
243 
U 
9' a 
U N 4 
N tin d p fI 25 
1o51 
U N I I N 
13’, + 
N M dC a re o9e 37974 
1 12oN U 
IV N 
+ 
N M edE 36 12693 
A U 
7N 
13 
+ 
NM.neSv 
5o 
8+44 13 
24 N 
15'. 
24' + 
N a'P t S*o 
J 
5824 6 SA' a 
36 
46' , 
* 
N a tS e m .cn 223761 22 
55+, 
N S v c in d 82 14267 IO 
15 

TH 
I U 
S N - 
J ', 
V t 
A*. 

SN 
H i 
* . - 
TW 
? ', 
AW 
SN 

4o.4 
+ 
IS 
+ 169 
+ 57* 
+ SS I 
+ a s 
+ 32 7 
+ 31.2 
+ 13 2 
+ 74.7 n u 
4 37 6 
+ 37 I 
+ 21 I 
- 32 7 
+ 48 9 
+ 39 4 
+ 54 6 
+ 
5.1 
+ 
7 
+ JI 8 

+ 45 7 
• 
5o 
113 
22 I 
18 I 
JO 3 
76 3 

Kl 4 75pt7 37 2351o 
K aiAnf 
4 12 k a- 5 7 p i4 75 
K a! 5*pf 4 75 
K a . 66pt4 75 kaisCem 
SO k a C e p i I 3? kaiC e pf2 SO 
Kane M il 24 
K anab 
K C tyPL 
KCPL pf3 8o 
KCPL pf4 35 
KCPL pf4 SO k C Sou In lr 
K C SOU p f I 
KanO El 
I 76 

3o9 
373 
25? 
8o8 m o o 32 IO 
U T I 
16 
3*3 
3o 
4o641 

76' . 
I i 
7 *N 

39*. 
4 4 '. + 
AW + l l 
SO', AV a + U N + 
25 5 
5? 
TI 
+ 1 8 
+ 32 7 
5?'a 
65N + IO N + I * 5 
55' a 
A IN + IA N + l l I 
SN 
U N 
24 

9 N + 

 n w 
* w io 
+ 
I USAT 
9 
29' a 
19N 
27*. + 
J 36 
1 a*o 9 
3o 
25 
JJU t i m ) . . 
S n 
796o 
SI 
7362o 
ST 
3855 
A 
31 
219 
U N 
1132* I 
I I H 

J ', 
A ', 

A IN a 
49 
15 
9 N 
„ 
. 
.. ta 
K an N b I J IB 9689 
8 
2o 
14*4 k a n P L f 1 AO 
13553 1 
IO N 
I* 
KePL 
PU 32 
2862 
79 
25N 
K a ty m d 
13166 
I N 
3 
K ty p+B! a 
JHA 
I I N 
I V , 
K autBrd 
o2i 
1oJ9S4 JI I I N 
AN k a uf pf I 5o 
I I ! l l * . 
IA N 
• a wee k i B rl 
86*o I * I* 
TW 
KeeneCp 3o 1o3?* * 
IC N 
AN 
Keller 
2o 5333 
8 
IO*. 
SN 
K e llo g g L 1o41o47 I* 
I I N 
2o 
Kenwood 
IO 
4536 A U N 
12 
K ennm ll 96 
3*93 12 28' a 
2oW 
Kennel 
?oe HISS* 39 3*’, 
25' , 
K y U lll I 84 1773o 
8 
23H 
2o 
K e nrols a 42778 
A 22 l l 
K e rr Mc I 25 *92o8 13 B IN 
AON 
KeysfC on la 
79oo A ?2'« 
U N 
Kidde'Af 
I 2o 396o3 
A 33N 
HW 
K id u fA ? 2o SU 
7o 
4o 
K id d e p fB A 
681 
SSN 
41 
K id d e p tC 4 
26oo 
53 
43 
K im b C l I 8o 72.551 
9 
47N 
JAN 
K m g D S t AO 73554 
I 
U N 
I N 
KirschCo 
VO 
529o 12 TON 
K n ta fd id 
.72 1938o 
12 JAH 
Koehrmg 
D e 11474 
A 14*. 
Keen pf 2 75 
193 
3J> a 
Koppers 
9o 12159 
9 26+, 
K o p p rp t 
4 
1o3 
K o ra c rp Ind 
A U * 
5 
K ra ft 
2 17 
415o4 
9 
» revues 
32 
2229o* 2o 
Kroahier 
M f 
2o*9 IS 
Kroger 
I 44 
298)4 
I 
K u b o ta I o* 
UA 23 
K ysor 
AO 
5*2? IO 
42o8 
US rp 
75656 
A 
IS I 
2278 
IMO 
2862 
9 
432o 12 
7315 
7 
SU* 2o 
54616 I 
2*78 

* J 
4 
AS 5 
4* I 
19 4 
IO 
2o 5 
14 4 
2* 4 
34 II? 
SS 

I FE CP 
I FE pf 
5o 
IT V to 
I T V * 
I T vCp pf 5 
I acG as I AA 
Lam Sos 
I IO la n e B ry |o 
L d w trO 
34 
I ear , i«g so 
L e a rS pf? 25 
, 
Leasw y I 1ob 8395 
9 
Le ta SN 6ob 15o*4 13 le e s o n a 75 
Leh PC! 
I 
I envoi m d 
L v m p it so cee mn 
9*e t eon ar 
Crp le n o i 
I ie 'F a y 
4ob H U I i t v t d C ap 
3864 
LevF In 75a 
1?5* le v ijf r a 5o2o7’ J 
6 
L e v itl F u rn 13718*23 
I OF I (Od 374*6 
8 
LEH pf 4 75 
HOO 
I ib rty 
CP 5? 
*o(1 
A 
L tb rfy 
Loan 
47o4 b rtyLn p f 
IOU 
‘ 
25o 

 f i i ' 
O ' 
IS', a< 
74' u * . 

U N 

T i 
78 

 s i 
SN a w 
J IN 
IO 
ITH 
J IH 

SN 
* ' , 
17*. 
23 
54 
71W 

4 U 
'9n w 
ATN 
U N 
12 , 
IU , 
IN 

?3’i 
TAN 

!o??9 l l 
11934 
121 
384*o 
751o 
?}I6 l'o*U 

V 

S n i ' » i i 
8 
A N l l 
I I N 

LiggfG o 
I ig g tG p pf 7 {536o 
I VWO P U 25 
27 
L rlfy E lr I 3o 1o5oUAI 

 l f 
I I N 
I I N 
IA N 
JYN 
34 
J* 
ION 
IA N 
12 
I I N 
J 
I* 
U n 
• H 
J * ". 
,1V 
U H 
IT H 

J J N 
IU , 
T IN 
JSN 
I I N t a 
I N 
I i 
AH 
3H 
116o2 I 
IA N 
U N 
AO 
82 
R 
74*. 
JO 1o5oo81? 
AO 
43 
L mc Hat 
1 6o 
26411 I, IA N 
24 
L mc hftpf 
J 
IMO 
JJN a 
L in t Pl I 77 
2999 
I I N 
IS ’ . 
L io n e l C o rp I aOU 
9 
A N 
IN 
L ift Odin 
U t 1592o1 I i U H 
AN 
LiH npic pie 
1o49 
JJU 
* 
L i" n e y p t J 
J U to j? lit f o n p t B J 
2*19 
71 *. 
U N 
Lot khd Aire 
7438? J U N 
AN 
Locate 
17 
279* 1* U N 
U N lo ew s 
I 2o 
33757 
I 36*. 
71 
I oroel n 
SO 
39914 l l l l * . 
A lo m M (Ae 12747 I? 
U N 
I I N 
L o n e S tm d I IO 2718? 1U 2++U 
L o n e , p l 4 5o 
59 
89 
5* 
I n q ls L t I 5* 4112o I l l a 
U N 
L IL p*B 
5 7441o 
“ 
L IL P f 4 35 13o5o 
L IL p f 5 75 
5*4 
H L pf I U 
(SNO 
L IL p f 
I 3o 
7*84o 
I I L PIN 13 
1389 
H L PIO ? 47 
*1*3 
L o n g D rg ,?e*82V 22 
LoralC p 
4o 
231*9 
I I* 
L a L and I IO 97553 12 
3o 
L aP a cif 
2ob 
NO)54 1$ t i 
LOuisGk 
I 92 
I USO 9 
77 
L.o won st 
AO 
12o?) 24 IAN 
L u b n io i 
I IO 
4o441 u 44’ * 
L u c k y l R b 4AAA4 14 
17'» 
L u d l o w 
4o 
HJO 
9 
I ok e n ,I I 6C 6389 
I 
JAN 
I ykesC p 4o 5JAJ7 
3 
24H 
Lykos p tlJ O 
1*895 
47N 
LynCSys JO 
6497 l l 
| w 

M B V K 
4oa 
) » f I 
Mc Ame lb 
7814*1 
I 
M E I Cp 
IW ?2 
A 
MG IC In 
IO 114*63 
Mac AF aob 
35o* I 
M ac Dona i 
15*54 
5 
M a c k , 
)* 
14o5 
* 
Mac m ill 
5o 5SA44 l l 
Mc m i p i I JO 
19) 
R 
M acy I JO 4o5*7 
I ■ 
M ac y p l 4 25 2 794o 
5 5 
M a d fs F d 6o 29596 
IJ H I 
MddSq 
Gar 
J13a 
5 
AN 
M a a ic C f J I 36841 l l 
IO 
M allory 
I 
1)3*5 I* 
IT I, 
M al Hyde rn 
6+41 l l 
IT H 
M a n orn 2o 
A U * 
4 
I S 
M tr Man I 9? 5oo41 * 
AON I 
MA PCO 
*o 
36391 IS 
U U 
M # r# tM I 
U t 724o5 
J 
IJ H 
M ar a thnO 755973 
* 
AON 
< 
Mar em ! 
Hi t o m 
I 
I I N 
Mar Mid to 
D U S 
U N 
M a rm o t 12)1177 14 
IS 1 a 
M a rld y 
I 1o5*6 
I 
61’, i 
M a rrid t J il 12 254 U 
T * ', 
I 
M r lh Mc L 
I 
22291 17 
A IN 
M a rsh # 
I i f 
1*78o l l JSN 
M a r'M a 
I AO 
547*o I 
IA N 
M a ry k A y a M IA 16 
JI 
M r idCwP 
O B 13787 
* 
J IH 
MoacoCo 
I 
717}! 1} J IH 
M e m o ir, *o 479oo I t JSN 
M M M I IU 
UA TO I I 
I* 
M ask. her l« 
9641} 
4 
U N 
M a te o I AO 
7)84 - - l l 
I 

45 
5o 
55 
79' i * 
U N + 
U N + 

1o 
+ 
2o’ , + 
M W 
7 N + 
2oH + 
8+« + 
I I N ♦ 
15+4 + 
IO N + 
ION + 
2TN + 
U N + 
78 , + 
V U - 
2JW + 
U N + 
A IN - 
I V , ♦ 
78' J ♦ 
*o 
+ 
AAN + 
SO 
44 
+ 
U N * 
35 
* 
M N + 
14'J ♦ 
J U . + 
TSN ♦ 

% i : 
IJ H ♦ 
JJU 4 
U U 
11 
♦ 
A N + 
SH + 
U N * 
U H + 
54 
+ 
2o'+ + 
U N ♦ i 
U N - 
11 

AS 1 
78 
26 9 
N + 
S I 
7H + 37 9 
J I. + I* 5 
4 
4 
9 8 
IN + 
4 7 
AN + 13 4 
U H 
+ 
IOO 
J 
4 JI 6 
JU 4 14 I 
S ', + JA 5 
2 + 
1 1 

AN 4 144 
AN + 833 
I N 4 27 J 
JW 4 23 3 
8>. + 125 
AN 4 135 I 
SN * *3 I 
A '* + 21 5 
I N 4 T i l 
TH 4 37 2 
I N - IO I 
2 H + l l 5 
JU 4 21 7 
U% - 
2 7 
4», 4 
28 
ION 4 58 3 
2o 
4 
5o 
8 H 4 JI A 

TU 
4+, 
I U 
V t 
AH 
* '• 
I 
5 
AH 
4 
7U 
J*. 
SH 

19.7 
SO 
58 4 
JI J 
78$ 
14 9 
44 I 
IO 
152 
* 4 
I I A 
37 5 
JO I 

8 *. 4 2o5 9 
1H 4 
SO 
U 4 l l 4 
J N 4 32 I 
AH + 
33 

W t : 
7N 4 82 I 
' , — 
I 

NS'and 
VA 
NStareh ss 
Natl St) 
2 5o 
Nat Tea 
Natom a 
I a 
Neptune 
AO 
Nev Pw 
I AO 
N evP pf I AO 
N evP p fl 74 
N evP pf 2 3o 
N evP p f I 95 
N E ngE l 
1 86 
N E nG E L U 
N E nG E p f* 8o 
475 
NEnP pf2 76 
29a 

IA N 
AN 
U N 

77 
IS 
4 
18 
U N 
U H 4 
56*. 
4 4 ', 
5o 
4 
57'+ 
37+, 
45’, 4 
SN 
3+, 
3+4 - 
37V, 
2 7 ', 
JAN 4 
X 
U N 
18’ a 4 
2 5 ', U N 
25 
4 
18+, 
U N l l 
+ 
2o 
16*. 
IA H + 
24’, 
T IN 
24’, 4 
22 
IO *, 
72 
7397? 9 
2 3 '. ,9 
23 
7988 
8 
IA N 
12H 
IA N 
1o5N 1o3'» IW W 
3o*. 
26H 
JON 

IA N ♦ 131 I 
13' a - 
32 
SN 4 57 9 
AN 4 34 J 
SN ♦ 12 4 
7 ', 

NEngT 2 6o 
536o IO 
3+N 
25' + 
W YSEG2 2o 268U 9 
JON 
24 
NYSE pf3 75 
■ 
NYSE pf8 8o 
NYSE PU 12 
Newhall 
46 
N ew m t 
I 6o 
Nwm t p f* SO 
N iaM P 
1 24 
6o826 
N ia M p f 3 4o 2876o 
N ia M p f 3 6o 
233 
N ta M p t 3 AO 
134 
N ta M p l 4 ,o 7248o 
N ia M p f* .85 
UA 
N .a M p f 5 25 762,o 
N ia M p f 6 IO 2?85o 
N iM p f 11 I i 
1oo9 
N .M p f IO 6o 
TIA? 
N ia M p f? 72 
33? 
N .agS nre 95e 5o33 
N ic o r 
J 17 
1183? 
8 
N icor pf LAO 
1281 
N orfW tn 1 76 
15262 8 
Non rn 
1 25 
4867 5 
N o rris 
I AO 
14765 I 
N oA C oal AO 
4199 
8 
No A rr M f 6oe 
,88o4 
NoAPO! I 2o U '5 6 
9 
NOC A ir IOC 2391o 
6 
NoCoAir w f 
578* 
Noes' Ut 
IO? 
1ooo57 8 l l 
N ln d P S I 44JSU8 
8 
7o 
Nor NGS 
2 o8 
38423 7 
53 
NONG pfS 5o 2*5o 
93' 
N O N G p f S 
7 1 9 5 o l l 
TO 
NONG ptS IO 
7476o 
NONG p f* « 
NONG p i, I . 
NONG pts +8 
NoStPw 
I 94 
NSPw p f) AO 
NSPw PIAO* 
72'JO n s p w p i* io ia * o 
NSPw p f* l l 
74ooo 
N SPw pf 4 U 271,o 
NSPw p f* SA 
778o 
NSPw p f* 8o 
7157o 
NSP p u n JA 
1*7 
NSPw pf7 84 
{ 465o 
NS Pw p f! IO 
287*o 
NStaPw pf? 
{288Q 
Nor Tel 64 38824 I? 
N o rth g a te 
AUO 13 
Nor thro 
I 4o 
337U ,o 49' i 
JJU a 
N WSI A irt 
+5 
92*79 IJ 3 5 '. 
23 
29+i 
Nwf Boc l | o 
U73o 11 5 7 '. 
4 3 ', i i ' , 
N w fln r g y 711o95 
A 
34*. 
JAH 
3JW 
N w tfn r CU 
USI 
6 JJ’ , JAH 
13 
N w tln d 2 ?5 $569? 
4 
AAH 
32U 
46 
N w stlhd w f 
687? 
26W 
14', 
23 
Nwf In p f* 2o 
2758 
111', 
73 
1o2 
275 
145 
2238 
28'. 
1694} 17 U U 
5946 13 
JAW 
8911 
I 
38+. 

49oo5 IO : 

15o667 IO 24*. 
U H 
54 
J * * , 
4 
J 

HW * 
IU 
+ 1)7 5 
J * , a 
15 a + 
A1 7 
M U ♦ 
3 
+ l l 
IS H + 
IS a W I J 
IT H a 
5 '* a 
4* 
IT a 
7 a 
TO 
I , a 
H a I) 3 
IJ H a 
I I H a 
SH 
IU a 
+ Si 
AW ♦ 
J1 a a a a 
JJW a 
AU a 
TA 2 
V t 4 d . 
♦ a 
MXt 
AU 
I a 
+ ♦?! 
J l ' i 
4 
TU a 
SS 4 
AW a 
TW 
4 
SA J 
3 7 , a 
U U e 
AA I 
T IU ♦ 
H W 
+ 
JI J l l * , a 
A a 
92 1 
V t 

Nw ind ptC5 
Nw tP pf? SO 
NwsM utL 
Ie 
N w tS fH 
I 7o 
N o rto n I IO 
Nor Sim 
6ob 
N o n Sp! I 6o11971 
NucO rCp 32 13669 
I 
11 
OK CCP 
I 
8196 
5 
IS 'I 
Oak m d 
AO 
4645 
I 
1J'+ 
O akiteP 
I 
1781 IO 
U H 
O ccdP ef 
I 
247957 l l 24*+ 
O c c id P e fw f 33976 
H W 
O cciP pf? 16 
13o6 
3*+. 
Qcc.P pf j IO 
11445 
TIU 
O ccidPf p f* 
1781 
7*1, 
O ct IP pf? 5o 
IIJ I? 
27*. 

,71 

IDS? 
?68 
4o5 
73*5o 
14o 
86 
43a? II 23W 
A ll l l 
,o4o4 8 
SAW 

• J , * 
25U + 

I W + U J 
I 
+ 1 4 5 
1H ♦ 6* 4 
V t 4 7*3 
' , ♦ 
I i 
J ', + 7 } * 
J U 4 52 9 
AH +1o5 7 
TW ♦ 62 4 
TH 4 M I 
J U + I 
J 
Iv * + J ) J 
7W + S3 I 
- 
3 ', + 
5o n u ♦ 6o 7 
4 
+ I I I 

< ( . t i ! ! 

L 
H 
. ) ; is 
+ J* J 
■ 
J* - a 
• 
?, — 
7 9 

U H 4 rn 
JU 4 T i l f w + i i 
4V* 4 6 ‘ 
I 
4 l l * 4 11 

1 * 
9dn p f! I? hioEd 
I TO h f d p l l 9o h id p f 6 *o 
. h f d pf 4 44 7546o 
Oh Ed pf 4 567*52o 
O n E d p f 7 24 759oo 
O' E d pf7 367485o 
O h f d p flT O 
1J1 
Oh E pf IO A* 
1295 
O M pf IO 16 
SIA 
O hPw pf S o4 28o*o 
OPwB pf? AO 
US 
OPwC P II 6o 
OhP pfA 14 
OhiPw pf 14 
Or Pw pf I +8 
OhPw pf? 74 
O klaGE 
I 4a 
G U G E pf 8o g kiaNG 
18o 
.. lln C p l SO 7IJo3 
7 
45 
O lm k r a f I IO 25682 1o3? 
O m a rk 
7? 
9*o8 
8 
U U 
O neida I * 
4365 
I 
O p e lik a I 1? 
UTO 
I 
Or * n d k I 36 1oo86 9 
O range 2ob 31913 
9 
8 ut M a r I 4o 7253o 
I u tle fCo AO 
44)o 
A 
O vem .tT 
8o 
533* 8 g w e rjh 2ob 19283 
6 w e n s C n q ' 35874 IS 
O w e n lll I 88 57164 
I 
63 . 
O w enlll p f* 
53 
•$< 
O wnlt p f* ti i m 
9* 
I ) 
O afrd fnd 
88 
3 797 
5 
2 5 , 
U U 

P 
- Q 
- K 
P N B M d 4o 
7578 2o 
* ' , 
SH 
PPG lnd 
J 2o 
55989 I 
SSW 
JS 
PSA in c 
HJO? 
* . 
S ', 
Pac AS I 24 
I US 
U U U H 
PacG 
E I M 
982*3 
* 24 . 
2o 
Pa* L ift I *6 217*4 
I 
19’ , 
IA H 
P4CLm 
14o 
I 2 li| U 
JAW TAW 
Pac P etri 
84 
U279 9 
3 3'. 
24W 
PacFw 
I IO 
32631 IO 
2 4 '. 
» 
P a t T T I 4o 13647 
9 l l , 
U U 
P at T T pf 6 
7898o 
81 
72 / 
P at Tin 
IO 
87o 
* 
AU 
I U 
P am *W H e 
34825 4 U U 
SU 
P * . * f p f l 3o 
2913 
ITW 
U U 
PaimBc 
5o 
147oo 
5 
IOU 
AH 
P a m id a I? 3148o 
8 
IW 
J U 
Pan Am 
A ir ,91337 
TH 
AW 
Pan EP 2 1o a * 24 
9 a 
TAW 
P d p rc ft *6b 
12787 I IS H 
I 
P angas Inc 11 /JTA I I 
I I H 
H W 
Pang pf? A* 
US 
45 
3? 
P a rk -6 / 
IO, 
743o7 
8 
U U 
P a rH a n l 2o 12*o1 * 
J J U 
P a rk Pen a e m 
* 
U U 
P etrkP 
I 25r 
331oo 14 14'+ 
P d y ls n w 4o 
7o6* « JJU 
Peabody U 24125 ,2 
I I H 

44+a 
57 
. 
J a 
44 si 
• 
A a 
4SW 
53 a 
TU a 
TO 
II 
-a i i a 
74 
IS a l l a 
IO 
97 a 
13 a 

P e n D i. 24b 11859 
Penney I 28 14IVO 14 
Pa Co p f* 4? 
,7o 
P aP w Lt 
I IO 
25*41 * 

U ', 
I I H 
I I H 
I U l f , 
U H 
A U 
4'+ 
* o H 
47H 

 n u 
I n 

 a jw + l l 
+ 

* a * 
A U ♦ l l 4 
IO'/# + 
12 law + 83 7 
17 
+ 5 4 8 
A H + J* 4 
* u 4 b i 

: S i 
1X3 t i 
4 
4' 
' h i t + 1 3 5 

*4 *. 
IO* 

P * P L p t4 4o 
Ila 
SJW 
AAU 
P # P l p f* SO 
J U 
SAW 
47 
P aP L p f* AO28*4o 
♦ * ', t i 
Pa P l p f* 4o 
HO 
95W 
8 o } 
P a p t p f* U 
IA I 
IO **, loo 
P a P U p f ll 
432 
IW W IO?' J p # p l 'p in as now m w 
PaPL pf « 
111 
* * w l l 
P aP L p f* 7o 
227 
9* 
1 1 
Pane wi I 
I a H A U * 17’, 
JAH 
Pen WI p* I SO 
71* 
56*. 
Al' 
POPwl pf I IO a /5 
27', 
21 
Penn Let 
I a 
1o6o5o IO M U 
IV 
Pennf pf I JI ll? 
*5 
Ti*. 
F annt pf MI 
U?3 
94 
7* 
Fe op D rg 2o 5oJ3 
I 
IO U 
I 1, 
PoopleGAS 3 a 
272a IM H 34*. 
PepsiCo 
I a i n U o r > a w 
P vrkE lm 
J? 
R U I I* J ? ', 
U H 
Pet Inc I 6o 1o847 
9 
J U , 
U H 
P e H n c p t IO 
8*1 
. 
U H l l , 
Pet inc p f! 
IJ H 
17 
IJ H 
12 
Peter Pi 
8oe 
DOI IO 
I I H l o , ti 
PefneSt t a 77a 17 8o 
R', 7J', , 
P e lro U n 71 l f RO 
I 
J * 
I * ' , 
IS H + 

71W h MW ♦ 48 2 
JJU + 
JW + 12 7 
SSW + 8 
4 JO J 
M W + 7 a u l 
- t m 

 n r 4 Il­ fin 
4 ls 
*8 
4 I* 
I 
3 7 , 4 
I U 
I 
4 * 
4 fw i i 4 4 
5 f Bu 
4 nu 
I 
4 j I 
4 
WU 
94 
4 ll 
• U 4 
J , 

H U 4 
V 
* 
I J H ♦ 
17 
4 
4 

9 * i t J 
I * 8 

 i * T t i I 

' V A I 
IS I h i 

I W + 
7 I 
J H a M i 

Yearly 
High la w 

Petrol p fl 37 
75 
SOH 4 2 ', 
P e trlm 2 55e 3585 
28 
2o'+ 
Pf lie r 
88 146575 13 
3 1 ', 25' J 
PhelpD 
J 2o 53368 16 
+SW 3*H 
P hi W E I I 646o189 IO 
U U U U 
P h ilE p l3 8o 
178 
P h il E p f, 3o 7732o 
Phi i IE p t4 AO 
185 
P hil E p f 4 6876o8o 
P hilaE I p l l 
UA 
P h il E pf 8 75 
269 
Pit ME pf 7.85 
253 

691 
919 
316 
7o5 

S t o c k 
S y m b o l s 

Sales figures are u no fficial 
Unless otherw ise noted, rates of dividends In mc foregoing table are annual disbursem ents based or me la st q u a rte rly or sem i annual declaration 
Special or e x tra dividends or paym ents net designated as reg ula r are id en tifie d In the follow ing fo o tn o ta a Also extra or extras b Annual ra te plus stock d ividend c Liqu id a ting dividend e Declared or paid lr preceding I? m onths, h Declared or paid after stock d ividend or split up k Declared or paid this year an accum ulative issue w ith dividends in a rre ars n New issue p Paid this year, dividend om itted, deferred or no action taken at last dividend m eeting, r Declared or paid in c rn stock value or 
_____ . 
7 Sales rn fu ll. cid C alled xw W ithout w a rra n ts w w With w arrants wd When d istrib ute d w i When issued no Next day d elivery v j in bankruptcy or receiverehip or being reorganized under m e B ankruptcy Act, or securities assumed by such com pen-es t Split or stock dividend am ounting to 25 per cen' m ore has been paid 
The net change shown is fro m an adjusted 197+ closing price ort those stock' listed_p!.jgr to 1*25. 

 cr ton taken at last dividend m eeting, r ueciarea or 
In preceding 12 months plus stock dividend t Palo dock in preceding 
12 m onths, estim ated cash e on ex-dividend or e x distribu tio n date 

Sale. 
Net 
P-E (hd».) High law last Chg. 

P hilE p f* 52 
P b ilE p f* SO 
P h ilE pf 7 8o 
P hi IE p f 7 75 
PhiiaSub ac 

43 
48 
49’ J 
53 
82 
IOO 
88 
1o4’ + 
1o4+. 
SS 
86' 

5oH 
28 
+ 
IA H + 
Al 
+ 
17?, + 
42 
+ 
ATW + 
Al 
+ 
SH J + 
81*4 

36 
38 
3 9 '. 
A 1 ', 
H ’ 
/ 
78 
99 
IO 
OI 
96 
1o4 
84' ; 1o2 
69’, 
SI 
66' I 
SS 
158o4 8 
16 
U H 
16 
P h i'M o rr L3o1367S9 15A3W 49H 
A l* . 
P h ilip s Iud 2o127 28 
8 *. 
3'+ 
8W 
P hi I ip ln d p f 
22,9 
WW 
AW 
U H 
P hillP et 
I 8o 
9A?84 13 66'+ 
4 9 ', 
Ph I ii V nH AO 6255 
8 
IOU 
9 ', 
P ickw ick 
32 
U5o6 9 
23*+ 
U U 
P ie dN G 1 44 2316 
8 
17*. 
15 
P ie r I im p r l 13188 
8 
8 . 
4W p iM S bu ry 1 16 4 8 2 1 2 1 344 W 33' + 
PiO ner LAA 2o547 
9 
JI 
27H 
P ion er E l 
1215 15 
U U 
ITW 
P itn e yB 
68 
51734 l l 18 
P lttF r g 
8ob 
2444 
I 23H 
P ittstn la 13oo32 8 a 
P izzaHt 
o9e 
4+616 14 3U+ 
Plan 
Resrch 
18299 7 
+U 
P la y b o y .12 118*5 l l 
AW 
P iessey 84c 
3787 
7 
U U 
P neum o I 
11928 
5 
U U 
P o la ro id 5o 3oo23+18 
45W 
P onderosa 5461o +2 
1 + 
P opeT al IO 
+282 15 
2+U 
Porlec 
8o 
5o681 ,o 23 
P ortr pf 5 5o 
7616o 
73 
P o rtG E 1 64 23o27 
9 
H W 
POO p fH 5o 
TOO 
IU 
P ortG pf 2 4o 
862 
29 

* H + I* .* 
AU + 
28 
1+4 + 
A 3 
4+4 + 13 1 
2W + 1» ? 
TH + JI 3 
I '+ + 
21 
BH + 71 9 
IO U + 2+9 
18W + 28.7 
22’ , l l 
29 + 
76.1 

276 
268 
16o2 
1o15 
6o16 
1773 

71 
36 
U U 
4 ! 
53 
49 
59’ 4 
Al 
I 
15 
11’ 
*4827 18 IOO 
12* 
SOW 
U H 
*6 
31*4 a 
U H 

Potlteb 
I 68 
9782 U 
Pouted w i 
27 
P o tm E ll 1654226 
9 
Poi E l p l 7 44 
568 
POI El pl 4 SO 
P o lE I p*4 o4 
Pot El p l 5 46 
PO' E I p l 5 6o fY em ier 
48 
P re m rp f 9o 
P roctrG 2.2o 
P rod Bsh 48 
Pro'Cr 
1.4o 
PSvCol 
1.46 
PSCOI pf t i s 
PSvc In 
192 
PSmd pt3 5o 
PSlnd p fLo4 
P SInd p tl o8 
PSlnd pl? 15 
P S lnd pf9 44 
PSlnd pts 52 
PSvNH 
188 
PSNH pf2 75 
P S vN M 1 5221522 l l 
PSN EG 1 8o 
676+9 
PSEG p tl a 
98o 
PSEC pf + o8 78o2o 
PSEG pf4 18 
2895o 
PSEG pf+3o 
PSEG pf 5 o5 
PSEG pts 28 
PSEG pf2 17 
PSEG pf 6 *o 
PSEG pf? 43 
PSE pf 12 25 
PSEG pf? TO 
PSEG pf7 8o 
PSEG pf8 o8 
PSEG pf? 52 
PSEG pf? 4o 
PSEG pt9 62 
P u b lc k r Ind 1143? 
P ueblo m f 
P uerRi 
Cern 
Pug SPL 
7 36 
11+68 IO JJU 
Pufim n 
1.32 
3o3+4 
9 
J*W 
P u re * Cp 1 o8 24771 1o19 

13W 
ITW 
31 
TOH 

J U 
. 
BW l l ’, 
H W 
6 
15H 
IT *. 
66 
16*+ 
1o2 
• 
26' + aw 
3+ n u 
33 
43 
4o 
52+* 
S3’ J io u 
U+4 

SAW + 
IO', + 
IT 
+ 
I? 
+ 
SH + 
A l', + 
Jaw + 
ITW 
ISH + 
I* t 
35H t n u + 
AU + s h + io u — n u + 
38H + 
7U - 
1o'+ + 
27U + 
73 
+ 
2o** 

 n u + 21 8 
19’ + + 
28 
18W + 27.3 
3+4 + 255 
8 *4 
+ '1 6 5 
5>+ +155 6 
J 
4 1o9 8 l l ’, + JLA 
4o 
17 J 
15.3 
34 2 
6 5 
JI 9 

3 
V t 
? '. 
I H 
JW a w 

IU 
• IU 

 m u 
TAW 

8 6 l l 
12 7 a?, + 33 I 
IU + 37 5 
J U + n o 
IU - 
14 
A 's + 35 I 
7*4 + 
25 
2*4 - 27 I 
IU + 
IO 
17*. + U 5 9 
7H + ,19 
3 U + 23 5 
8.1 
+ 
BH 

7! 
+ 22’ a + 45 3 
34 
U H + 
Al 
+ 
S I’ , + 
49 
+ 
59’ . f 
SAW + 
U H 4 
U H + 

3873 
*193 
8 
4o338 IO 
723oo 
319261 11 
7*57o 
262 
248 
769o 
1o53 
+22 
1724, isa 

I U , 93U 
I ’. 
9 

11 
1 4 ', 
•o 
23 H 
J* 
U H 
12 
IO 

3o'. 
19’ 4 
86 l l ' J 
44nwlr a 
111 
1o3H H O U 
, « w lo o n i m 
21+4 
I I H 
21W 
3o 
25W 
24H 
U H 
♦ 
M H 
U H 
' 
14 W 
38 W 
U U 
48' / 

IID 
51 
114 
6o 
1oA 
A V , 
147o 
2SH 
Z578o 
SO 
I 
2496 
725 
I # 1; i 
158 
97 
84 
A d j 
76 
1*19o 
92’ , 
45? 
87+4 
177 
86 
19C 
IOHW 
1437 
6H 
7814 
AU 
785 
5W 

TV i 
68U 
94' J 
4 
2W 
2H 
IS H 
27’ , n u 
P ore* p f, IS 
77* 
24*. 
I t 
P u rim la s h 19714 
5 
SH 
2W 
P u ro ltr 
I 12 
,47o7 IO 4 5 ', 
23H 
O uakO af 975643* l l 
28*+ 
M U 
Q ukO at p f 3 
358 
7o 
6 
O u a O p ft $6 
716o ,13 
1o3 

 a w 
57 
24W 
66 
25 
111', IJS 
75 
91 
*1 W + 
76 W 
9IW 

29’ 
24 
- 
23 
H W r 
51 
5 8'. 
61' j . 

. r 
2 8 ', 

7 H + 
• W + 
• ’ , + 
IO 
+ 
TH + 
* '+ 4 
U 4 
I'4 + 
AH + 
I * . + 
JU + 
3'+ 4 
V t 4 
I 
SU * s w + 
IU + 
2 
+ 
2 
— 
22 
• 
TV, + 
I 

TH 4 l l 9 
JU + 12 5 
5 H + 21 9 
4?, + 26 9 

19 8 
76? 
19 8 
IS * 
15 1 l l I 
53 
• I 
5 J 
16 9 
13 9 
7o 3 
9 6 
2o 
14 3 
I*. I 
U 

2'+ 
1o 
11 
I 
AH 
IO 

IS 8 
26 
JO J 
IS 6 
2o 1 
I* 4 

+ I S ', + 
I * 

 n 

O uakS tO 78315o4 14 
2o+. 
IS 
Questor Q5r 
HIO IO 7W 
SU 
Q u e s trp f A 2 
Uo 
74W 
U H 
B C A 
1 231756 13 
3oU 
H U 
RC A pt 3 5o 
I U 
47 
38 W 
RC A cvpt 
4 
36o9 
M W 
5? 
R T E 
.2o 
7188 13 
AV* 
AH 
R a W to n P I 2o 44461 1SS4H 4 6 ', 
R am a da 
1o1o5,146 
6 H 
3' + 
Ran coin 
64 
1o1o4 
J IS ', 
I 
R a pid Am 
USO? 
B H 
3 
Rap jr p f 2 25 
5oo 
26 
H W 
RapAm p fj 
17* 
JOU 
24W 
Raybst 
I 5ob 
36?8 
6 
SSW I I H 
R a ym ln t 
K 
1367o 7 
28 
IS 
Rayfhn 
I 2o 
6o277 l l 
‘ 
R e ad B af 8o 38692 
4 
Redm an Ind 3o95? 
ReeceCp 74 
539? 
IO 
Reeves Bro l a * 
HO 

67 H 
73 
5*4 
H W 
5 I I H 

 a n 
H W 
V t 
AH 

ReiChCh ‘ 74 
25427 
8" 19’, 
U H 
R ehabS i 68 
76U 
6 l l 
I 
R e tia n E l I IO 4oo34 1135 l l 
R edan p f3 
1689 
9» s h , 
Rel .a pf I « 
IO* 
63 
R edan G rp 
31884 63 
IO '* 
6 
Re! G rp p f B 5 5 k +234 
J I 
IJ 
R e lG rp p tC 65k 
1,19o 
ITW • ’ , 
Ret In p*2 68 
4194 
27W 
25' j 
R e p u b lic Cp 575* 
9 
A U 
AW 
R epF m S IO 
5524 A 19W 
IO 
R e pM tg Inv 
53U 
J H 
I 
R e p S tll AO 412A6 
I 
4 o , 
2?W 
RepTe» 
I 2o 
3A ll I 34 
27U 
ResrvO il 
H 
'o522o 15 U H 
7H 
RevcoOS 
24 
22)83* 2o TAH 
U H 
Rever fx p p 
724 5* 
H W 
7’, 
R evlo n AO 
11337 18 
4$ 
39++ 
Rpxham 
4o 
27,o6 I 1oH 
3?, 
R eined 
1 32 
21865 I 39W 
R e in pf? 5o 
27o 
7! 
R e in pf? .36 
8 33 
58' i 
R e y n ln 3 I I 7397o 
* 
Al 
Rey in pf 2 IS 
3139 a 
A! 
R e y M e fl 7o 7A3H 8 
4 7H 
22W 
Rey M p f4 5o 
377$ 
9 , 
SAW 
BeyM pf2 37 
TOI i v , ja w 
ReynSe 4oa 13o*o 
I 
H H 
I U 
R iC h a rd s n l 
4178 
8 
U U 
AH 
R ie h M e r 7o3*o5o 12 
JZH 
J I ', 
Richm nd 
8o 
SAI** 9 I I H 
IOU 
R u m e n I » 
58o*1 5 M W 
U H 
B iO G ren 7o 11237 
J 
2 4 , 
1$ 
RioG r p ile 
I Aa 29 
13 W 
*W 
R ile A id 2* $7943 12 
2o** 
IJW 
R o b s h *w I IO IA U 
* 
23H 
U H 
Rob Ct sn 
LSO 
1*14 A 27' 4 
763*3 IO 
,2+4 
*834 io n u 
*12 
, t i l 
1423o 
I 
1SW 
59411 
A 
HW 
3 3 ', 

86 
* 5 ', + 
'o8W * 
5 *4 
+ 
2 *. + 
3U + 
J IH + 
31*4 + 
,9 
♦ 
2 4 ', + 
JW - 
TSH - 
28U - 
6 JH - 
113 
+ 
IA H + 
I 
+ 
2 4 ', + 
26’, ♦ 
44+. + 
69*4 + 
AU + 
SJW + 
AH + 
IJW ♦ 
AW - 
H W ♦ 
J IH + 
MW ♦ n u 4 
X 
J * , + 
12 
+ 
21W + n w + 
AW ♦ 
33W + 
92W 4 
5 * 
+ 
2o 
♦ 
36 U + 
26+4 ♦ 
J J U 
I U 4 
I* w + 
J 
4 
32+4 

12W 
U H 

HW 
15' i 
17 
14' 7 
IW 
», 
H 
IV. 
3U 

+ IV , 
+ 22 6 l l J 
4 
IO I 
+ 218 
+ 24 8 t IS A f 27 8 t 22 7 
♦ 22 I 
♦ 32 $ 
+ 139 t 26 I 
AU * 24 8 
- 
3 4 
AH - 13 4 
W — 
IW — 
AW + 
3 H + 
I ' , + 
AW + 
TH 4 
1 't + 
18’ . + 
AW ♦ 
SH ♦ 
W * 

5 
2 3 
* J 
JO t 
11 3 
36 I 
4o 5 
I * J 
35 * 
9? J 
12 I 
I I 9 
AA 4 
H - 12 7 
I +4 ♦ 
9 9 
AW + 78 4 aw + 15 7 
U H + TAI 
JI 5 
I 
JS 
IS I 
17 A 
A* 5 
32 I 

4o 
JJU 
SS 

 a w 
U H + 
2A+. + 
A H + 
4 4 *+ + io n + 
34' 7 4 
AoU + 
$1 
+ 
ATH + 
7* 
♦ 
AO 
+ 
14 
+ a w + 
I U , ♦ 
’ J 
♦ 
M U + 
M W + 
TO , + 
M 
+ 
13 
♦ 
H H 

14' 
IU 
U 
1H 
SU 
TW 
J U - 
IS 
♦ l l I 
4oW 4 l l 9 l l 
4 VA 4 
13*. ♦ JJC 
IA U * 7o7 J 
H W 4 J U I 

>. + IO 9 
AW + 
*5 
I ' + + 1*6 ? 
SH + 2o 7 

IOU + 137 1 
AU * LVS 
IW + 13 2 
A * + 4 l l 9 
AH +1A5A u 
+ a i 
25 
4 o * * 
HW + SS I 
AW + 
IO 
♦W + 13 7 
U U + IO I 
2 8 + 5 8 
3H + 
♦ I 
♦ J? I 
4 4o 5 
♦ 
J 5 
♦ IO* I t m 
369 
IT J 

J' 
SH 
U l l 
TW 
SH 
JW 
IU 

Robins 
28.. 
RochG 
I 21b 
ROChG OIH 
RocbTel 
8*,. 
Rockpwr 
76 
R ocked In t 2 39 198 
* 
R k ln tp f4 I i 
1717 
B k In t pf I 35 
U A ! 
R ohm H I 282o87A 2o 
Robe Ind 
2o137 
R o llin s JA 2o4*o U 
Roo son Cp 
IM I 
R oper LAO 
774o 
I dor e r * 
94 
57322 1o 

IJ H 
7 3 '* + 
AW + A* I 
JI 
2SW + 
AH + IJ T 
♦W i i 
+ 
I t 4 
61 n u 
IU 
I i ’ 
12 

I , 
TAW 
TAH 
I U 
77H 
6 
2 4'* 
IS 

JO 
3H 
H W 
.... ! 
-V 
U 
Rosario a b 1/186 ,o H W 
H U 
R owan 2o 
16624 4 H H 
I I H 
RO r f Col IO u r n 
9 2 3*, 
U U 
Roy IO 3 JAP 
92738 
5 57’ / 
A IU 
Roy I Ind 
2oe +64o5 IO U U 
4+4 
Rubor rn a 
,4o89 
14 TAU 
22W 
R u cke r 28a 5745o 
I 
J I H 
H U 
RUSS Tem 
76 14216 8 H H 
* H 
R y d e rSy* ase 1o8887* H W 
A 

S — 
T — U 
SCA SVC n i l l 13 
Jig 
SCMCp 
8o 
35754 
6 t n t 
SOSCon 4o 
AA?? I H H 
S a b in e R I 
7912 4 59 
S a fg d ln Oar lOaSJ A 
SU 
Safeway 2 2o 
62A8o IO SOW 
SegaCp 21 
17oo? I IS 
Sr lo M in 
I 3o 325o4 l l SO 
S tJ o ltP 
I 17 MO* ,7 
I ) ' , 
SfLSaF 
2 5o 
9o*6 1o 
A IU 
St Baul I 
9 Aa 
'O H I 
H W 
S fR egP I A *Al?*? 
* 
SOW 
S atan- 24b 11839 
5 
AH 
Sam bos a 59o7o IO 
IA H 
S arD G s I 2o 2**21 I 
1$ 
I J u a n * 9«1 
2*35 
5 I ! 

IS 
HT 
ITW 
9 H 
2 3 , 
JOU + 
57 
75*, 4 
ITW + 
Al 
> 
AW < 
2 4 , + 
4 

JOH 

JW + 21 4 
11W 
+ 1o 9 
JW + I * 7 
AU 
♦ AAS 
TW 
+ i i i l l 
+ 31 J 
AU 
♦ JJ J 
IO 
- 17.7 
I ' , + 
2? 
J H + I * 3 
H - I * 
AU + 41 4 
- 
U ♦ 
J * t i I - 
SU - H A l l , + 
A ♦ TA 7 
U H + 
H ♦ 3 I 
S IH + IOU + TAJ 
U + 4 + 
9 t ,8 8 f 
JAH + 
IU 
32 
6 H H 
U U .......................... 
H U + 
AU ♦ 52 I 

23' > ♦ 
H W + ll 
95 4 

Sander s 
S F t l n d ^ l 
SFelnd pl a 
JenP eini 
JO 

2A1o8 12 l l , 
77877 
9 
4 o '. 
4 TAA 
HW 
A278o <o 45'+ 
SargtKVel 
5o 5J88 
SauT RIEM 
H IH 
S a y * Slop 
11737 TA 
A , 
Saw On Or 
2o 12157 
I I d . 
S a v E IP 
A$e 7794 
$ IOU 
SavnEA 
I 3+ 
U7o 
U>« 
Say E l pf I 28 
177? 
IJ H 
SavTnSM 1oc 23o98 1o19' + 
Saxon m d 
4972* IO 
AW 
S cha e ta rC p ,3575 
IO *, 
Sc bar g Pl I 1oo98o I* 
AO . 
S em ina r 
Al 4*271 
IO 24 
Schlumb 
I JO 
Io77 U 2o 1o1 
S chlum b w i 
84 
* 4 '. 
SCO Ain IO 
88o8 
5 
H H 
ScotLod 
JA 
1o841 JI f ' t 
Scot F e ll JO l l H I 
* 
29H 
S cott For l f 17439 
I l l 
Scott Pap 
76 97831 
IO 24 * lc o tty s 
IO 
1)95* U io n 
Scottys 
- 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
S c o v fllM tg I JO 74664 
2 3 H U + . M U . I O 
+ I 
S covil p f 2 SO 7o41 
S i 
29W S7W ♦ 
ITW + 
TI 
S cudD uoV I 
75*1 I* 
TH 
SU 
TW ♦ 
I U ♦ *2 2 
Sc udd pf Me 
*728 * '» 
7H 
A 
+ 
U + 'o 8 
Seaton* 
25 
*53* I IS H 
H H 
23H + H W +159 7 
Sea b t L 
J 4*843 
A 
JAH 
2oW JA 
+ 1 3 , ♦ Aa * 
Seep 61A 
JJt 
25 JJA 
AH 
“ aN Q ram 
IO 
U9A5 9 
J IH 
Seagr v o*e 
7**1 
A 
8W 
SaaiPw to i i i 7 
S eiueG 
57 
2o73*o * 
Sears I 6o* 13*394 H 
S e a tra in Cm 49375 13 
8 H 
Sadrs Im 
X 
3oo8o 6 
JOU 
S edgL< l I Too 55*o A 
2 3 , 
Svr CP Int 
2o 
AAM 4 
AU 
Sac v Oml 
7* 115*1 
I 
HW 
P a t t e n a s n * a io?, 
SH# p a ll 
IO 15A5o 
7 
TOW 
S he a rM 2oc 25*25 
4 
U H 
ShaltOH 
I 
439?) 
A i o u 
ShallT io ta 
UA? 
I 
JJU 
SheHrGl 
AM 
115*5 5 
I L , 
S hlldl pf L B 
1*35 
J) 
• m w a i a s n j# w u h 
ShellO I p f) 
US 
S IH 
JAH 
Sherw« J JO 
13195 13 A }', 
13'« h r W p f* AE 
ISI 
71 
S ', lier rP a c 
I 
11475 
I 
U H 
8 H 
3*1 IN 
,1 o 
61616 l l TI 
I I H la n a i pf I 
TAA 
TS 
,5 

- p 
I . * ! - v “« 
_ 
, n m P ra c 
U 1o431 
I 
9 U 
5 
AW + im m Ala 
16*oo l l 
2 4 ', 
IT H H W — im p P a t 5o 1)471711 
I J H 
I I H IS H 
Smgar Co K H I 1,18o f * 
AU 
Singr p l) SO 
AJA* 
4 5 , 
)*> , 
Skaggs 
5o 
IAJ8M l l 2 
S k in ; 
I AOa 
AIS) ,1 HO' / 
Ski! Corp 
M S I 
I 
IJ H 
Ik y lm a 
32 
AU? I 24 W H 
Im Uh AQ 
IO 
TAH 24 HW 
S h im Int 
SI 
575Ao lo A )', 
S m ith klin * 
J 
39o52 IT A I-, 
S n im T r to 
4114 A H H m u c k e r *o J I H 
4 
JO 
6o 
HJJ A IJ H 
M a JI a 
TAS.*.At I* 
IO'« 
364? 
A 
4 o , 
114oo IO HW t o r j i 
1(88 
I n 
I l a i is 
I i i a 
JI 
13*77 I) U H 
9 
U H 

J U 
JW - u — 
41 
H H IJW 
- JU - t o * 
AH ?'+ 
+ J U + 
Af 
U U 
U H H 
+ AH ♦ 
42 2 l l 
IOU U U 
- J 
- I J J 
19't 
A d , 8* 
4 AW 

JI i v i 
I * * 
MW 
SH 
U H 
* H 
4 7H 

 r n : 

U h 

AW 
AW 

A’, 
I A U 
W 
J U 
AH 
J 
« 
I 
U U 
A 

JAI 
♦ JA 4 a i i I 
4 55 J 
+ 87 I 
+ 
SI 
♦ 
IOO 
+ 
Al 

: Si 

I 
R ” » * 
U H + 
I 
+ 
I JW ♦ 
Ah + n 
+ 
• H ♦ast 
U H + f t 
6* 
4 a, a 
? o , ♦ 
14 
+ 
25 
+ 
J AH + 
ST 
+ 

Sofa Bes 
S«ne»la i nt 
Sony Cp 
Ole 

S i o n . 

Soutdwn tO 
Sawn pi I KO 
Spa-/' Bk 
4oo 
SoeaaES I JU 2*5o I 
S ol e lf 
I d 
788o? 
7 

S ” , i ! 

11^, ’ t * 

22 5 
♦ M I 
+ AO A 
+ a 

IO a i l l 
M a * 7 1 

 f i t : 3 

- a 
1 ‘ 1 
M 
» W a 1oH a 111 3 
‘ Aw a H U 
* 

 a1*4 
JU 
SU 
I* 
4 
J U 4 
I U 
H U a 
AH a 
| U 
4o a 
M u a 
■•' I 
H H a JOH a 
| . 
58 W 
I ) 
IS H 
IOU 
2H 
V t 
V U 
ISH 
JA 
IA H‘ft 
I 

U U 

’ ll* 4 *4 
J’, a 
* U a 

H u tip 
IAU 

 i f * 
I U a a h a 
'a a 

V a 
AA I 
Aa I 
H I 
7A A 
SI 
,o 3 
V 

S o s th C o , 4*23164o 18 U H to ln G E 2 i i 
JH A 
I 
4 1 , 

 wit 

 f t f a I 
IIT , 
J l l , * 

C « a t lM « 4 t a P a g e M i 

*. WA 
L i f t 
J U a n j 

B t l 
! 
U a l l 
2 
+ 
4 
o 

 f t I 
’ M 
• u a 
J, 

C 
O 
M 
P 
L 
E 
T 
E 
Y i 
A 
B 
- 
E 
X 
P r e p o r t 

A — B 
C 

American 9*'rk *: *c* * n9 ' < » u « trading for IOT* The not change ohs portent*"* 
(Rtm df is mom the previews year en issues listed prior ie Jan I. 1*7* 
YeoUy 
High Lew 
A S E P ia s iR e<47 
AABCp 
38 
7«3 
AAVCds 
37 
1»4S 
A te Photo 
A P S In t 
IS 

Sates 
Net 
R-f 
(M s ! High la w tost Chg 
_ IM 
4 
Sin I 
I H * 31 4 
* 
IA U 
7 
H U A 
AM 4- 44 3 
4 
I U 
4ta 
J I , 4 
I 
4 a ? bm 
3 im 
U s 4- m a- 
* 1 

A S P R O 54 
333o 
« 
U U l l * ll* * 4- 
IM 4- » ) 
3 - 4 5 
A T I inc 
AVCCp 
4o a v x c Td 7Se 
AbrdMI aor 
Acm e Ham ! 
Acm e Proc 
A d io n 
J4 
Acton Cp 
Adam Russi 4oo3 
I 
Si* 
AdoOeOH 
14 1o153 71 U M 
Aegis Corp 117*9 
J 
7 
A erof lo lie 7445 
5 
A crotic* Inc 317? 
AffHCap lOe 3734 

71o8 . H e 
377o 
3 
16?* 
4 
S IS ? 
I U U 
985 
I? IM 
I I H 
7 
141 
5 714 
4315 
4 iv , 
877* 11 

 b u 

A fiiic a p 
_ 
Atilt H* p 
74 
Aft'IPub 
4| 
Aller Si* 
TO 
Alan Wood 
Alaska A in 
A lb a ta o5e 
A lto iac 3?e 
Ai'eqCp WI 
Alteghy A,rl 19o57 * 
Ailed A wt® 
A11 eg A w ’ N 
Aliet) AplC 3 
A llia n t 34o 
Allo Arf Inc) 
Aud Term a 

111 
IM S 
I 
114? 
4 
1495 
5 
3 U I 
*544 7 
1*o4 14 
73*4 
4 
1*93 

3'N 

9 U 
IO'* 
AU 
H H 
4’4 
3 ', 
*34 
IO 
7’-, 
3'* 
J U 
24"? 
2o?. 
S H 
5 
7 

M i l 14 - * 1 4 
RC, - 
41* - 31 5 
AH 
II M 4 
7H -4 143 9 
Si* 
IM 4 
IM * 77$ 
I 
11* -I- 
1* -4 11.1 
IM 
2H A 
M 4 
SO 
AM 
7 '* 4 
J U -4 
75 
V * 
3M -4 
J U 4 77? 7 
3 
3 ', 4 
1'N 4 *3 1 
BM 13?* 4 3 
4 37.* 
I 
- I', 4 
1, 
4 M 7 
AM 
BM 4 
AH 41o7 7 
11* 
IH 4 
V* 4 14 7 
V t 
3’ J 4 
I 
4133.3 
M I 14 5 14 4 3 14 4 15o 
4'N 
AH 
3M 
4'4 
4M 
IM 
SM 
4M 
411 
IV* 

I 
IC H 4 
4 
4 
7i 4 - 
5 
4 
IM — 
B U - 
IM 4 
5 
4 
7 
4 
I 
75 « 4 
SM - 
I 

3'* 4 44 I 
41* 4 43 5 
JI * 4 71 4 
SM — 34 I 
H 4 l l 
•* - 
I E 
V4 - 
3 7 
4 'j 4 1o5.9 
7* 4 31 7 
" I 4 211 

A ila m 'l lop 
A net Corp 
A liet Cd 
Alfet Crp ^1 

15711 
?3io 
- 
. 
344 
A lip e d s $o 7979 ’ ? 
A lc o a p n 75 
1799 
A M A X W t 
4944 
Am 
Ap roo cs 
2482 
AmBMfrt 
SO 
1343 
Am Brd wl 
437o 
Am B u sP 74 3o7o IO 
ACenM lt) wi 
941 
AConfrol 
44a 317 
9 
Am 
Fletch 
7314 
A m * Itch wt 
453 
AG ar Pd 
34 
7*14 
Am ini Pie! 
78391 3 
A israel 
Hr 
3*44 4 
AM aiteA 
4o 
8247* 5 
A Mai te e 
4o 
74441 5 
Am M l 7 8on 
831 5 
Am Mot 
Inns 5474 17 
Am Petrol 7 TO 74 IR 
8 
Am P lan CP 
497 
A Pre cs 28a 
Tom 
4 
Am enty Tr 
23; 
A m R ity * w l 
13* 
A Sate a lit 
744.3 3 
A m V lf 
o4f 145*41 15 ISM 
A m le t tsp 1878 27 
4’ * 
Am Uh 5 
I7e 2558 
12'* 
A M K Corp OM 79741* IS H 
A nd re* fit, 878 14 
S U 

854 
1154 
444 
26"? 
JO?* 
25 * 1- 
4i» * 
73 3 
<15 
4 
81, 
5 
SM 
- 
I', — 
I * 
153o2 
2 
4241 
6 
17M I J H 
147* 
1447 
8 
2 U 
I 
JI * 
1844 
5 
6'1 
3?4 
4'1 - 
2 
11 1415 14 
IS 14 3 14 
'I 
7M 
4 
5 
A 
IU A 
33 3 
14'* 
8 '. 
I J H 4- 
2M A 
18 5 
49 
43', 4 7 '*4 
3'* ♦ 74 
141* 
77, 
U M 4 
4Vi 4 
57 I 
AH 
IM 
2 
-4- 
»* * 
77 3 
IM 
4 
I U * l i l t 79 2 

I"* 
IU 

4 114 

125 
7* 3 
34 4 
33 3 

1os* ISM 
IIM 
IGM 
4' a 
7*% -4 
I 
— 11.3 
?, I 16 
' I 41 I i 4 IOO 
7M 
5 
7". 
4 
JI * 4 
45 
AM 
I 
17, 
— i* - ll ft 
5 14 I 14 I 14 - I 14 - 
SO 
1'4 
SM 
4 
- 
IM -4 JI * 
3?a 
AU 
4 
Vi 4 17 2 
2 
2 * 4 
I V* — 42 4 
IQM 4 
JM 4 31 3 
IO * 4 
3M 4 44 4 
49'* 4 D M 4 37 3 
S' , e iv* 4 44 7 
34 
4 
? 
4 
43 
2 
4 
I 
4 IOO 
I M 4 jt*, 4 71 8 
I» . 4 
I , * 55 6 

4 * 
4t* 
U M 
IS '. s r > 
6' > 
34 

9 
P * 

TM 
7M 
34 
3’* 
78'< 
IS IR 
4\« 
I'* 
5 3? I 14 I 14 41 J? - 33 3 
KH 4 53 4 
7M 

5248 
So9o 
79o4' 5 
355? 
I 
2332 
4477 I? 
4258 14 
744 

ArmloC 
13e 
Ank en 
,2o 
An,holy 
19* 
A opt'd D ata 
£ p ld D Pv 
AqijdC* 
3o 
A ri/< I toe 
A r/Col pf 48 
Ar rn m en IV 77735 4 
Arrow 
Elect 
3247 19 
Arundel 
A im a r a 
» 
Asb IOC 2o<j 
Askm Svc 
. . . . 
Astre, int (Or 37*8 
A m ian th 2oe 1714 
Alco Inn 
232? 
AficoM fp wt 
11*3 
AHR lent wt 
92*7 

TM 
7M 
AM 
IM 
IM 
SM 
4 4 
.A", 
14 
7M 
3 M 
*M 
4V, 
IIM 
S ’ * 
57% 
3 ', 
4 , 
2444 
4o124 ll 14'* 
1897 
♦ 
U M tv . 
1311 
% 
4 M 
I'd 
I'ta 
31* I 
A *1 asC M B Ole *41311 
4>a 
3 

3M 
SM 
?M 
1oM ♦ 
I V * l l I 
JM 
3’ * ♦ 
IM 4 
5o 
17* 
IIM 4 
JHI 4 79 2 
♦ 
II M 4 121* 4 224 7 
2 
?M — 
M — 
14 
2 
?M 4 
M 4 
54 
3M 
7'* 4 
J '* 4 114 8 
7M 4 
7M 4 52 
SM 4 
4 
4 2*o 
3 
17M rn 
M - 
3 5 
5’ * 4 
' , 4 
18 
I M 4 
IM A 34 2 
7U rn 4M * 
4o 
4M 
4 
IM 4 J2 ? 
4M 
4- 
1?< 4- 
4o 
7M 
IIM 4 
4M 4 M 7 
\ 
1oM 4 
IM 4 19 7 
M 
IM 4- 
M * 
SO 
JM 
4M 4 J ' , * 
IJS 
3 '* 
4M 4 I '* 4 
4o 
M 
M 
- I U - I* J i — *7 * 
I* t U - i i ) ii 

AtlasCp wt 
485 
IM av* 
I ’.? 
I '* 4 42 9 
M 4 
4 8 
Aud .tiInc 
3o 
51o8 IS 
IIM 
IIM 
U U 4 
M 4 
J 7 
A u stra lO II ?o<?» I* 
IS M 
I I M 
14M 4 
3*, 4 J* 7 
AgtoTrn 
TOI 874* 
IIM 
SM 
Auto B id s 
7783 7 
SM 
2M 
Autm al f a d 
17*88 3 
* 7, 
?M 
Au*oSw l l 
S II 17 
44M 
38M 
AV EM C 
2o 42.37 8 
4 
2 
Avon (Jal I 2o 
*45 IO 
27M 
17M 
Aydm Cp 
5*75 9 
I M 
IM 
R P IR ! 
IOT 
2379 
IM ♦ 18 
HP T Ri* wt 
1577 
3 18 I 37 I 18 
B t u Eng 
113o 
7M 
IM 
V c 4 
R-oqrMl 
SO 1o35 < 1 o 
8 
I U 4 

8M - 
M — 
7.1 
S 
SM 4 
39 V. a 
37% 4 
77M 4 
7M 4 
7» 

RafcprM 
Banjo* El 
1371 
2414 
B a 'd w S . 32a 
M92 
B a n i d I ISP 5314 
B anoPun wt 
7787 
Ram 'stfCtl 2or15/77 
Banner 
Os 
33S1 
Barclay 
o4 
P a rt O ta 
17 
Barnes Eng 
Barnwl 
IV 
B a rry R o*e 
ParryW r 
4* 
Bar th Sp TO 
Barton'. Cdr 
Baruch f os! 
B a rw ick E T 527* 
Bull md OIA 
1*95/ 5 
Buist IP Oil 
Ben St Ma wl 

IO 
I 
I t 
8 
13 
7M 
5 
IIM 
177* 

*M 
4 ', 
IIM 
TM i 
177, . 

J ’* 4 135 3 
?M 4 1o5 
2M 4 
8 7 
IM 4 7J2 
IM 4 
2* 
3M 4 71 4 
M 4 
75 

M 4 IS 4 
7 'J 4 42 8 
M 4 
*4 

6 
I H I IS 
17 J 3 
7 
1373 
175* 7* 
7841 
6 
384o 
8 
<885 l l 
1o78 
7318 

772 
8 
78o 
8887 
7511 33 
Rm r us Crp 
Bern In t 
____ 
B er# B ru n i 
31414 
RrtjB pl I 15 
ION* 
Bern /Oma 
B eele* 14 
7178 
15371 
BervenC to 
7113 
*4 

A H U 
B U 
B H 
* i 
57 a 
J 7, 
S’, 
A 
3 
I" , 
J U 
A 
7 
3H 
V t 
3 '. 
A 
SU 
I 7, 
J U 
A 
I 
BH 
6?, 
S U 
* 
B H 
AU 
5 
A i 
H U 
SH 
IOU 
A 
4 '. 
T > 
37, 
A 
IM 
IM 
17, 
J U 
I'* 
I ’ * 
A 
37, 
I 
J U 
A 
SH 
I 
4’ I 
A 
IH 
I U 
I 
A 
' I 
’N S 32 
6 
8 
2 'a i i 
6 
7M 
3 
A 
1 l r * 
AM 
6 
797, 
17 
U U 
A 
4 
IM 
7' > 
A 
* '. 
4 
J ? . 
A 
1 
AH 
3 
J U 
A 

7M 
47, 

3'* 
IM 

IM 4 

48 7 
37 5 
34 4 
54 
3* 7 
5 9 
3o 
IO 
IO 7 
17 7 
♦3 3 
55 

4M 
?7, 
BetnCp 
I Op 
U I8 
B e v e rly E m 13453 
J U IM 
B 'lP e n 
18 
7714 
♦ I4M 
*M 
Bm D ad 3oi 
7755 7 OM 
4'7 
B q V S u p 28 
874 
4 
7M 
4M 
S m k M I la 
1 148 
7 
17M l l 
B nnysm 
8o 
5o9o 7 IIM 
I V , 
B'Pssng 3o 
*o6 
6 
6 f, 
Bloom 
3o 
73o1 $ ll 
BodmAp 
4o 4o38 
71 
*M 
Boll Ber TU 
73*6 
1o7, 
Bow Vail 
IO 25o37182 
?*M 
Bowne 3Pb 
1*25 
6 
IS M 
Brad td N 2o 2 3o 3 3 IO 
U M 
Branch 
7o 
1o13 
5 
S t* 
RranM A rw * 
3*79 
I3M 
BrastahA 
I 
25275 
BraunEn 
WI 
H JS 

I 
— 
J 
4 
U M 4 
5 
— 
7M 4 
IS M 4 
U M 4 
6' , 4 

Breeze Corp 
J ® 73 

M 4 
4o 
IM 4 t i l l 
JM 4 125 
M 4 73 I 
I 37 -r 37 5 

7, 4 41 7 

IM 4 l l j 
IM 4 l l I 
7V* 4 *1 7 
M 4 
3 5 
•« - 
7 7 
IM 4 84 6 
3V* 4 3*5 v* - 
13 
JM 4 57 * 
4 m * 3* e 
SM 4 46 I 
IM 4 38 I 
17* 4 23 1 
M - 
7 I 
I* 4 l l 3 
IM 4 41 I 
IM 4 14 5 
IM 4 14 3 
7 
4 896 
IM 4 J I 7 
7, 4 l l 
6 ', 
27* 4 135 3 
6’* -a 3* * 
IM 4 58 3 
M 4 l l 8 
IM 4 14 I l l . I 

4", 
IM 
4M 
47, — 
I M 
7M 4 
15 
217* 4 
*M 1o7* 
4 
IM ♦ 
4 
IM 
4'* A 
7M 
* ’ , 4 
U M 
*7* 
IIM 4 
22 
IS 
JIM 4 
7M 
J U 
5 
4 
Brew erC rf, 757* 
1|7, 
«•* 
1o’, - 
BroOart 
Hie 
1678 5 
4M 
IM -3M ♦ 
Brody Seal 
4o* 17 
3M 
J 
IM 4 
Bro ok sP 4o 
21o4 
5 
14’, E t 
1oM 4 
B ro w n C o w l 
4o47 
4f» 
?M 
2M 4 
B m * A 8o 
667 IO 
15 l l ' * 
U M 4 
U rn ! B *o 
853o IO 
15M IO '* 
U M 4 
Brw n r p* ae 
888 
S U 
U t SM -4 
Burnie/ Cr 
7371 
8 
SM 
2 
4M 4 
B u d lin g 4ob <48 
5 
II M 61* 
U M 4 
Bolide, 
Int i i ? 6 5 
3 
4 
4 
Burgess md 
8428 5 
Si* 
JM 
IM 
Bu rln g Bo M e 2174 
5 
U M 
II M 
U M 
Purnsfnt IO 1o7*7 I U 
IM 
IO 
4 
M 4 
6 7 
Butler in* 
SO 
879* 
5 1J>, 
»v* 
*7* « 
IM a 
58 
( k Pe* TOe H I M IS 
Ii' > |7» 
JJ M 4 U M * 157 
I 
( O' Corp 
11o* 
V t 
I 
IM 4 
H 4 
82 5 
C H B 8 Odd 
3352 
3 
*M 
6M 
6M - 
'« -a 
3 6 
CHC CP 
QW 
2o75 6 7 
4M 
6 H 
* 
~ 
< iM ig w l 
A 
3713 
'/ I 16 3 32 
CMI Corp 
158o4 6 4M 
2M 
27, 
* 
' V T I , Inc 
288 48 
IM 
IM 
2 
- 
C P SDes 
IS 
2875 4 *M 
8 
6M 
* 
<51 Cp 52 
IH S 
5 
U M 6M 
I V , 4 
< W T ran SO 
461 6 l l 
6M l l fa tV iO m G n 
3*74 
6 
6 
4', 
Cadie* 
IS 
11o5 3 6M 
3 
< .I I doe 
17??* IO 
U M U M 
C alcom p 
9991 
*M 
3M 
Cal U*e 
11521 5 
Ca PrtCm 
1 
3U5 ♦ 
< am<e Inc 
SO* I 
C .iO b A 
J So 
664o 
(a m p in 
IO) 
USS 
Cdnr »p OW 
17425 U to n Hom sld 42o7 ie 
CdhHvor 
25 
876 7 
I d InR A I 5o 2317 
6 

I ’m - 
137 

I ' * 4 J V I 
J ., 4 17 5 
'* 4 1o 8 
JM 4 1o5 4 
SM 4 73 J 
I 
4 33 3 

J 
4 45 7 

' * 4 9 5 
IM -a 31 5 
>*4 I J S 
5 
4 74 * 
4’ * 4 
76 
M 4 
14 
7, A 2o4 
4 
A 4o I 
24 I 
J 1* 
IM 
IM 4 v * 4 42 5 
I4M 
IO ', 
157, « 
SM a 581 
IM 
5 
6' 1 - 
M - IO 3 

6 
UV , 
IIM 

I m* 
3M 

1o*1 
7 
4354 
IO 
•745 
589 
1549 
5 
22714 14 
*4 
1o423 
5 
4M 
19*o4 IS ROM 
MOI 
1 » 
6254 
- 3-1: 
SM 

 t On M a rt 
2o 4o79 IO d in M errill 
1784 13 
C e rO to 
58 
Con Supe©'! 
CatHBafl Cp 
Capita! 
Res 
( a p ili* 9 TO 
Caroon 
88a 
Car , s v 
JO 
Cai na' 
I *oa 
Car, Rip! lo 
C aroPLpl 
5 
( a fro K Dev 
C ..slieAM 
I 
I av* a I 7oa 
Cavlipitm in 
( a y iirn lOe 
I e llu f ra n 
CenM pM SO 
< e n P l pl 4 
1 69oo 
C m ' S * 
*oe l a i t 
(en s i i I ?s 
,4*so 
C 'n fu ry * ac 
491 ce lli ill a v 
7885 te»»* pl 7 25 
12o*1 t. r f,» ,d cp 
USO 
C arlton 
Cp 
58o8 
< a le t Corp 
274o 
O-aoM ii 
4o 
9os 
7 
Hem 13o588 
Ch** lr 
Med 
'2A*i 
7 mer,. 
I , p 
1839 
5 
I r Ii i f I 4 o * 457 
8 
25 i »"e*m Cmv 
*887 ll 17 hi 
Cr id W orld 
**o7 
I 
IIM 
( Or i ,1 ana 1oc8*2* 
6 J 1 > la * iy 
481 l l f t 

413 18211 14715 16 * 7 , _ 
U 
SM 
* ' i -a S '* • 
6M 
2M 
4M * 
JM ♦ 
15o 
7M411 14 
4M a 
IM 4 28 7 
U M 
JM 
7M 4 
J * * 
J I 
U M 
14 
U M * 
7M 4 149 
JM31S 18 - I 14 - 
14 
SM 
*7, 
38 v* 
V | 

\r\ 
4M 
84 
T i'* 
53 
7 

13' l l 
AOM A 
IM 4 
7 
* 
SM 4 
45 7* 

I 
4 157 4 
SM 4 S3* 
7* 4 
2 2 
M * 44 4 
M 4 
U S 
I 
4 
44 4 
. . 
78 
4 158 4 
47, 
- 
V a I U 
7IM 
4 U M 4 
15 4 
U M 
4 ?'* A 
1*4 
S i1* 
♦ SM * l l 7 
4M * 
JM * I U 7 
1527 
4 i i ’ 4 
U U 
U M 4 
V * 4 17 4 
1795 
U M 
1J' I U M * 
4M 4 34 3 

7U5 
U2 

U< 

42oo 
8 
7M 
5157 
* 
U M 
IM 
4 
7M 
41*8 
34'. 
SO 
44 
6M 
4' 
72 
• 
IM 
IS*. 
J JM 
7M 
IM 
1 
?»« 
7 
SM 
8 *8 
7 
7 
4M 

178 4 
, 4 
7$ 
* '* - 
M — 
13 
IM 4 * 14 4 
8o 

HO I 
( /I Ic* 6o 165*4 
8 
< f#hOn 
4ob 
1516 
( * ; M *cl a l 
*o 
< 1vG s*T 
88 
MO 5 
C a SC 
IO* 
81? 8 
( 'arkson TO IVO 
8 
I a ro s 'a l 
< ‘aifiing 84 
Ch m * ne 
Cunt tim , 
Con en H and coBulnt 
ITI 
C(hem an 8* 1*234 
♦ 
-Old« (o m i 
3777 

728 
8 
15*6 
8 
TOU 
4 
7*491 
7 
899 
4 
2878 2o 

2* 
IO » 
♦ 

J . 
1o7. 
4 M 
IIM 

4o 
SO 

 it * , A 
2 
2 M 
4 
U M 4 
U ’ 8 
JIM 
IM 
IM - 
V tU 18 4 
IM 
IM 4 
37, 
SM 4 
I 
374 
J 1 » 
87* 4 
JM 
J '* 4 
157, 
25 a 
IM 
U M 4 
I I M 
U M 4 
Im im 4 
4'* 
4*8 4 
Ma 
I* . 4 
SM 
U M 4 

* 

J 
SM 
T i 
4H 

U ? 
12 4 
44 I 
31 4 

IM 4 2U 5 

7 16 
- 
7 7 
* 116 I 
4 
4o 
IM 4 44 8 

IM 

* a 
Ma 

Ka 
4M 
V a 

* 
IM 
I' > 
17’ * 
IIM 
IRM 
IM H 14 
IM 
JM 
2 
IM 
»•’ 1 
U M 
14 * 
4M 
2M 
IM 
CoiwetiC 37 
2443 4 I 
J ’ * 
7’, 
ColwM fg wl 
*41 
I 
I 14 
’ a a 
Com m e* 7 i i i ? 14 42 t JI* * 
36M * 
Com Grp 
14 
1854 
J '* 
IM 
2M 
Com Al, 3oa 
371o I 
U M 
I U 
IoM * b b*MB 
Mb 
7o87 U 
17 
IO1* 
U M 

«* 4 l l I 
57 5 
72 4 
7* * 
7 5 
I 
♦ 18o 
M 4 I? I 
'» 4 16 7 
5 
4 9o * 
♦ 
4M 4 1o5 7 
M 41 14 4 IOO 

' u t t i t 
V t 4 
37 
M A 
2o 
4M 4 41 4 
I m a 74 5 
S M 4 48 2 
’ * 4 J I 4 

.,* • * 2 } J l f> t e IB I 
J -J * *7 5] i f I Corp im pCn joe 

« 
IM 4 

5aW» 
High U » 
RU 
I Bds. > High b v U l t Chg 

D aniel lib 
5754 
9 
23M U M 
O aM brod 
76988 
9 
U H 4H 
Day Min 
7os 
*931 15 
SM 
O e Ju rA 1de 
48o 
7M 
De Rose tnd 
1oo5 
2M 
Del cab s 32b 38o2 
7 
1 6 
D e llw d P 54 
9o* U 
* 
O e n T a lE i 
6931 
* 
IO7/, 
D e e * * 
1 52 
358 6 TOM 
Designer 
Jw 
1322 
2M 
DevCp Am 
88*9 
8 
IM 
“ evo nG rp 
SS? 15 
28M 

23M 
+ IO 
4- 
74 I 
J I M 
4 7M 4 154 I 
SM 
7'* 
♦ is* * 2 o 8 
4M 
IM a 
7' * A 
*S 
I 
IM 
4 
M a 
25 
OM 
15M 4 6M 4 
71 2 
I 7, 
6M — 
M — 
IO 2 
7 
I M 4 
IV* 4 
25 
17'*, 
2o 
4 
2'/* 4 I? 7 
I 
IM 4 lr* 4 22 ? 
3M 
6 4 2M 
13'** 
26V* 4 13 

14 
UM 
. 
48 
1oo7 14 
26M keny 2a 13551 wney 
2oe 17o31 5 
137, 
D re*Ul( 1 32 
711.. 
18'* g riv e r H err 
975 
II M rgF sir 4ob 3o*7 
4 
U 
Dunlop 
o8e 
11o6 
4113 16 
I 
D uplxPd .8o 
4355 
6 
23M 
B u rl st 
3ob 
5o22 
8 
9M ynlctn 
V s 
74oo* * 
SM 
D ynA m er 
2782* 
4 
IM 
D yn e llE I 
47*41 26 
IIM 
E A C In 
3844 
4 
3 M 
E D G In c 25c 14o53 3 
42' . 
Eagle Com 
53o5 
. 
JM 
EarthRes 
I 
18443 
* 
IO'* 
EasonO 
2ob 

7M 
3M 
6M 4 
IM 
3 ', 
37, — 
2o 
ISM 
IS 
-a 
IM H m s 14 4 
3 ', 
IM 
IM 4 
IIM 
U M 4 
SM 
U M a 
32 
U M 
SM 
SM 
16 
S ', 
9M 

41 
15M - 
SM 4 
137, 4 
17M 4 
8''a 4 r n 

4 65 5 
4 M I 
J 7, 4 as s 
IM — 24.2 
M - 
1.5 
M 4 34 4 
M 4 41 7 
M * 
.* 
4M 4 63 4 
7 
4 2o 6 
3 
- 
16 
2H 4 
46 
7M 4 122 
IM 4 
9 4 
7M 4 41 7 

17 16 41 14 4 

EstrnC 
I 4oa 
854 
E a / o rE 24 
552 
4 
Eeodyne 1oe7oo4 
J 
Edm os Cp 
2721 
4 v* 
E D O Corp lOe 383* 7 
11 
Eg an M 
4o 
3119 
6 
7M 
En rn b Pb ?oa 4873 6 
*M 
ElcorCp 
12 1o87o 
8 *M 
El Hose 
IOT 
4*47 
7 
EIA u d D 211 
388o 
9 
4M 
E leetroq 
8o 133* 
5 U M 
E tee Eng 
28 U t* ! 
6 U M 
Elect Reset* 
*54 
3M 

12M 
14 
_ 
4". 
SM 
7 
A 
I" , 
7", 
4 
A 
IM 
3H 
5?* 
A 
J"* 
6' J 
8 ', 
A 
AM 
IM i n 
A 
IM 
1* '« 
U U 
— 
5H 
7, 
V * 
A 
'N 
D U ti 
A 
AH 
3o?. 
AIM 
A 
97, 
V 
23' 7 A 
6"* 
3' A 
SH 
A 
V , 
6 
U M 
A 
4 
I" . 
I 7, 
'N 
7", 
BM 
A 
7H 
3U 
6' 7 A 
3M 
A7, 
5M 
A 
H 
4". 
7 
A 
77, 
AM 
AH 
A 
' • 
IM 
3 ? 
A 
I 7. 
, 
9", 
13", 
A 
4", 
1 
7M 
I U 
A* 
3?. 
I "a 
IH 
A 
'N 

4 64 3 
4 124 I 
4 IOO 

4 38 7 
4 85 3 

1o8 
14 6 

En rg yR e s 
2457 
7 
7M 
E r n s lE C .44 
42o3 6 II M 
Ere tnd 
15o1 15 
?M 
Cspey M ig 
1278 6 
7 
EsqRad 
JOe 
27o6 
5 
IIM 
Es s e ,C h 32 
65*9 
5 8’ a 
E l/ L a v 
111? 3 
3 
E van Ar 
1or 2397 8 
I ?' rn 
Executn 
271 
23 3o U 
7v, 
ED tlnt 
Ole 
IR A Corp 
Bab tnd lOe 
Tab'on 
4o f air Te» Mil 
Fairtld Nob 
I airmC 
I4e falcons 
8o 
Fan-' Ootr 
I* f am ily Rec 
Fanny F 
5oe 
Fash 
Fabric 
Fay Oro lOe 
Fed M art 8o 
FedRlty 
174 f ed Resrces 
Pet mn t 
12e 
Fetsway 
38 
Fibrebrd wt f idelco Cfh 
Field s P la it 
F ilm C p Am f l im s y 85t 13734 
FtnG en 38b 
5o6* 
FmOn A 
,18b 
Ft Conn 
25c 
F it 
H a rllrd 
FstHrt pl SO 
FslSLSh 
12 
Fslm rk toj 
F is c h rP 481 648o 
6 
FitetibG 
I 44 
585 
8 
Flaq g Ind 
9*1 
F tag stall 
5448 
Ftavortond 
Flights* 
o*e 
Flock Ind f la Capital 
F la R ck 
Flowers 
54 
F lu k e J 
FlyO ia Oil 
F-OOdrm 
4o 
F oodwys 
FOOleM ?5e 
Foote p l? 2o 
Bord Can 5a 
Forest City o5e 129* 
Forest Labs 
1775 8 
F O *S M P 5o 
88o1 9 
Fran klin R I 
1825 f rank Nu 34 
1952 
8 
Frani/ 
8oa 
878 
I f resh,Mo 4o 7945 84 
F n ed m ?4b 
2o97 i f rtend F rsl 
578 ll friglm p 
SSI f risth s 3ob frontier 
Air f coni A r WI 
FronlrAir pl 

8 SIU 98 
535 
4288 
4 
7oo 28 
9o3 
2493 
421 
8 
18558 
9 
3139 
7 
538 
4 
1oo9 
7 
4727 
3o95 12 
618 
5 
2343 I? 
29189 
6U 1 18 
3o*6 
5 
3573 
4836 
29* 
3o51 
4 

13o2 
1197 IO 
6o4 
IVO 
32o5 34 
1589 

8 
981 
8 
24781 
9 
289o 
3o88 
8 
2498 13 
2o45 
8 

4M 
8' , 
IM 
4M 
4M 
6M 
IM 
7M 
3M 
2 
3 
4 
3M 
M 
I 7, 
T i 
SS7, jov, 
SM 
4 ', 
3 ', 
IM 
13 
I ' * 
V t 
I 
16 
7M 
16'. 
17'; 

S’ » 
4M 
7M 
8M 
3 
S '» 
4M 

U M 
BV* 
UM 

 ll 

8 
5 
V . 
IM 

17 'a 
5 l l 
4 
IM 4 
5' J * 
9M -4 
7M A 
IM - 
1oM A 
4M 4 
4 
3M A 
SM 4 
4’, _ 
IM A 
?M - 
3M * 
35 
♦ 
6M A 
J '* * 
I V * 
4 
IM - 
16 
* 
13M — 
U M * 
4' 7 * 
16M 4 
8' , 4 
IM 
2' i ~ 

4M 4 

3' ; 
J 7* 
2 M IS 16 
5'* 
IM 
U M 
5M 
9' • 
SM 
SM 
5M 
SM 
SM 
7’ »15 1815 16 
4M 
3M 
57, 
JM 
9M 
13' 7 
IM 
JM 
4M 
8 
9 16 
IM 
2M 

4M * 69 2 
M 4 55 8 
M a 15 8 
5 a 1o8 I 
1 
4 15 7 
M - 17 6 
7M a 74 6 
IM 4 32 1 
7, * 43 8 
M 4 
25 
IM . 35 5 
M - 
7 9 
'7 4 44 A 
M - 13 6 
' J * 17 4 
2oM a 1*3.5 
VU * 27 5 
M 4 
5o 
2 a 21 6 
M - 16 7 
8' 7 
A 113 3 l l - 
7 8 
2', A 19 3 
M a 
V I 
SM * 117 7 
3 
* 58 5 

IM — 37 5 
7 16 4 53 9 
IM - 
7, _ 
35 
I 
4 
?M 4 48 8 
SM A - 
27, 4 57 3 
SM * 
27, a 52 3 
6' 7 4 
I 
4 18 2 
I 16 - 
6 3 

U M 
«M 
17'* 
167, 
2 M 
6 M 
8 ’n 
12M 

 ll 
4 
2M - 
U M * 
U M * ' 
IM 4 
4M + 
7M 4 
12". 4 

5 
IM 

?M 

4*, 
37, 
2M 
3M 
19’ , 
97, 
157, 4. 
12531 IO 
U M 
U M 
IS M 4 
22928 
8 
21 
U M 
TOV* * 
1319 
5 
SM 3M 
S h i 
452 
8 IIM 7M 
II M . 
U S I 
12 
9M 7 
8 
-4 
258 
32 
28 
3oM 4- 
435 
5 

83 3 
32 I 
41 
19 I 
M * 
2o 
17, 4 
75 
IM 4 
18 8 
4M 4 6o 7 
M A 
2o 
?M 4 125 
M * 18 7 
5M 4 54 9 
3M 4 3o 9 
6M -4 47 3 
I M 4 46 7 

M 4 IO 3 

9687 u s a 
8o7o 
2o95 
38 

G IT 
Ind 
O P IC p 
G S C E n 42c 
G T I Corp 
G ab riel 4o 
G*1a*y 
Cpl 
G aran 
44a 
G arcia 
Corp 
Garland (p 
O atcsLr ,et 

984 
22636 
8'* 
728o IO 
V , 
311* 
? '* 
JO U s 
U M 
1*76 8 
7' 7 
2572 
5 
11V, 
7765 
1o15 
1154 
3 

93 
72?* 
89 . 
A 
U M 
* 
27 3 
9 
9>< 
4 
BM 
A 
5M 
A 128 I 
AH 
J , 
3 
A 
?, 
A 
14 3 
I J H 
8 ’N 
9?* 
A 
I M 
A 
16 4 
4 
I H " 
SU 
A 
I U 
. 
IOO 
U H 
BH 
HU 
A 
I U 
A 
2o v s . 
IO 
V U 
A 
T7* 
A 8o I 
23'* 
IS ’ . 
U U 
— 
M 
_ 
5 
6 
3U 
5 a 
A 
7H 
A IO 8 
3 
IM 
I"! 
IO 't 
6M 
9’ , 
A 
IU 
A 
IS 2 
11 U 
7 
7H 
A 
M 
A 
6 6 
8H 
SM 
6U 
A 
IU 
* 
24 4 
3?. 
I U 
7?* 
A 
I 
A 
57 I 
36 
73', 
18 
A 
A 
A 
27 3 

— 
H — 
I 
4 
IS 16 
I ’N 

G aylord o5e 2627 
J 
858 
787 
72* 

Gaynor SM* 
Gen B u ild rs 
G n E m p o4e 
G e n lE *p lo r 738o 
* 
G Housew ar 
9572 
4 
Gen R e tr a l 
J198 
Gen Re5reh 
3oo7 
5 
Gen 
Rear cs 
728 
Genge Int 
2381 
I 
Geneseo 
Ten 
2155 6 
Geon md 
7235 

J 7, 
5 ', 
IO U 
5’'* 
2M 
IM 
IM av. 

3M 
7 
4 M 

7 

3M - 
J U - 48 I 
- I ‘ 
- 
M -A 
2o 
IM * 13 I* * 17? 7 
13M a- 
8’ J 4 165 9 
47, 4 
M * 18.2 
IO’ 7 4 
3M 4 i i 
J U - 
M -a S 3 
M 4 
8.3 
I ” , 
J 7. 
3 
SM 
8> 
IM l h 
* 
?M 4 JOO 
M i l 16 - l l 16 - 
$o 
M 
IM 4 
M 4 IOO 
I ’, 
IV* 4 
M W 18 7 
3M 
SM 4 
JV* 4 56 3 
IM 
IM * 
V , 4 
*o 
M IS 16 
- 7 16 — 31 8 
I ’ , 
3‘ * 
4 
I ’ , * 81 3 
M U 16 4 3 16 * 
3o 
IM 
JM * 
V , 4 69 2 
IM I v, — 
M - a 3 
IM 
? 
* 
M 4 
4 7 

3 '. a 38 8 
3M 4 4? 7 
I U - 27 5 
M 4 
7o 
77, - JI 3 
4 134 2 
47, 

(mr ber Sci 
1625 S d 
2'7 
4M 4 
2M 4 IS 7 
G t a n iF d la 
264* 5 177. 13M 
I7 7, 4 
37, 4 
J? ; 
Giant Vet 
TOI 
17416 83 
BM 
3M 
SM 
GladJinq 
Cp 72oo9 
U M 
2'7 
4M 
4 2 
A 76 2 
G lasro ck P r 
2899 
S’ , 
? ' , 3*. a 
IM 4 57 * d atu m 
1 8o 
2o791 a 
36M 
26M 
3SM * I * ', 4 114 2 
GUmGer 
18 * 15o8 * 
4 M 
3M 
5M 
4 2 
4 53 3 
G len D is 44t 
2857 7 U U 
8M U M 4 
*3, a *9 1 
GlObelnd 6oa 2888 5 17'* 
IO7, I / ', a 
*M a 59 3 
Glosser 37 
IO U 7 13 
9 / 13 
4 
" 
G io u c s trE n 
1269 * U M . 
8M I J H 4 
Glower lOe 
1357 
7 
JM 3M 
■— 
G id b iatt 78 
U U IO 5 
3M 
JM 4 
Golden Cycl 
4347 58 U U 
7U 
U M — 
GoldnW 
36e 5728 7 
U M 
47, 
I? 
4 
G oldfield Co 
U85o i m 
M i l M —J I* — 3! j 
O oodLS o7r 
1425 
4 ', IM 
J U 
— 
M — 
58 
Good/ ICB wt 
18351 
87, 
7U 7' * 
4 
4M * 1*3 6 
G o rin SI lOe 734 
5 6 
3'* 
J 7, 4 
M 
4 24 
G o rm R 9oa 
*3o 8 21 U IS 
19', 4 
* ’ * 4 
32 2 
GouldlT 
?4e 8171*9 
4 
1 
2’ » 
SM 4 
M 
4 12 5 
Grano A u TO 
1o)8 
5 « 
5 U 
6M 4 
M a l 
GrndCII 
3o 
287T 8 I ' , 
/», 4. 
JM 4 IS 3 
G I Am Ind 
3531 * 
S7* 
71* 
5M * 
“ 
O ' Ba sin Ret 6719* 59 
7M 
57* a 
GTLkCh 78 1 49 6 8 U 
37M 
?5M 
34M 4 
CHL ak R 
?7r 183 IO 8'* 
* ’ , 
* '* 
E reenm an 
7o43 
4 
6 U 2M 
J ' 7 a re e rH y I? 
*23 5 6’ 7 
S U 
SM 4 
G R E IT 
4o 7U? 
6 
7M 
4»» 
GrossTlc 
I 
*8/ 
8 U 
IO 
U M < 
Oro wC 
JJP 
374o 7 
IOU 
8 ', IO'* 
Groan md 
4U811J 
2U I1 I* 
V t 
G uard M i 
WI 
U o 
, I 37 I 32 - 3 32 - 
75 
G uard ed 4ob *51 7 
* U 4’ . 
8M 4 
JM 4 / 8 9 
E 
OI Hora 
TO 
2576 J 
7’* 
4 M 5 
- 
M — 4$ 
U jtM filt wt 
15o9 
I, I 32 I 32 - I I* - 66 7 
GH O 'C an 
I 
1331 
I 34', 
TO7, 
2 4 , - 
IM - 41 
G u 'iR e p F in 
4**2 
5 U M 4U 
9 H a 
SM a UC 
G ils u m L O 
3737 
7M 
3'* 
SM a 
7M 4 
84 
Hale# Pro d 
1o41 
I M ♦ I* 
M — V I* — 
7 7 
M*tlsMo! 
SO 
7*78 4 
U U 
SM U M 
Mam pO 
H e 33*8 * 
S U 3M 
4 
Ham ptn Ina 
2817 
J 
8 7« J ’ , a . . 
Mannlrd *o 
52* 
J 
I J 
1om IIM 
Man yr Sh SO 
*o* 
$ U U S M 
IO U - 
Manvrsg R I! 
12*o 
5' / l>* 
$ 
Marland 
RS. 
5*2* IO 
71M 
14 
U M 
M arita 7dy 
454* 
7*« 
3 ', 
4M 
'• 
‘ 
“ 
U M 
IO 

JM 4 17 5 
J U 4113 2 
57, a 2o 7 
I M 4 
71 
I M 4 47 4 
M a 
7 1 
IM a 35 I 
J U 4 3* 7 
3M a 54 7 

S U 4 *1 I 
M a 
J I 
2M a 7? 4 

IM 
V* 

27 7 
73* 
7 7 

SM 
IO1 

I? 
S U 

M art/M ??e 15771 I? 
H a rve y G rp 
1941 
Hasbro md 
2*45 
5 ihastmq 
4oa 
127? 6 
M awaiA 
1or 
198o 
4 
Health Chm 
*63o 
11 
Health** 3o 
9*3 
4 
Heim ck o5< 
68o3 
8 
Meitmn 
Mig ICI 18 
I U 
H e r M al 72 
23o9 
6 
U M 
MiGlni 
IS* 
1557 7* 
4M 
H i Shear 
O’ l 
1o9*25 
IM 
Hignlnd 
Cap 
747* 
7’ , 
H Tlnnvn 32 
235? 
6 
I ' 7 
Hiptmic 
2o 
S JH I? 
I I 
Molntn Ind 
411 22 
7’t 
HolnqA I 8o 
123 I i 3*'. 
Holly Corp 
11*11 I 
5'* 
HoneOA 
75 
IOU I 14M 
HomeQB 
75 
96 
7 
JO' j 
H orm elG I 17 1145 I 
J * ' . 
M U 
IS 
Horn H a rd rl 
7*1o 
I 1, 
4M 
HOSpM aor 
287o 77 
HospM ig wt 
H q le lln I )7e 2593 

J U 
4 * 
J 
5 
IM 
IM 
1 
I U 
IM 
5 
IM 
J 7* 
$ 1 
I U 
JSM 
2 
23’ , 
JOU 

 l l a 
JM 4 
2? 4 
M a 
U A 66 7 
I 
4 
4 ', 4 U t 6 
IOU 
4 4'* 
4 7o 8 
IM a 1, a 
25 
I U 4 4' J 
A 
ITO 
6 • 
A ?M 
4 
75 iv . 
4 M 
4 55 * 
IM ♦ l l I* 4 M T l l ' * a IO 
4 171 2 
J U - 
M - 
J I 
* U 
4M * 
I ’ , 4 
J? I 
TU 4 
J ' , a *3 I 
TU 
- V t - 27 5 
?M 
4 I 
4 *1 5 
IM a 
J * 
?M 4 U * 4 
7* 4 
3 3 

28 
47, 
27 * 
24 
7’» 
J 
41 J 
SO 

Hpu', Rot’ 
JO 
Hou ye Vi 
37 
HospM tr In 
HouOilM 
IO 
H o w l C av 
Howell 
IS*- 
Hubei 1A I 5o 
Hubei IB ISO 
Hub pl A I 75 
Hub p tB I 75 
Hue k Mtq 
2o 
Hudson Gen 
Hud BO 
I 57 
M uiim an 5o *o9* 
5 
Him* hi* 
o5r not 

7o ll 
I U 
S U 
*M * 
U a IS J 
71*5 
5 I* I I* J 32 - J 32 - 
SO 
12 
U M l l '* 
I2M 4 
V i * l l S 
I i 
4 't 

SM 
JJM 
12’* 
3'* 
IT i 
. 
7IM 34 

J U 
47, - 
* 
A 
4 7 *, A 
IIM 

HuskyO IO 
8893 
7 
JJM 
H*cel mc 
11215 l l 
5 
Hydrm p l *o 
39 
25 
H y g r a d F d r 
1541 
7 
J I iC iC p 
JOe 
IC MC p 
321 
IC W R 
5oi 
'M C Mg 2o 
IS C F ml 3o 

2262 
5 
JOSS ll 
3849 It 
I U , 
29437* 31 47U 
7134 
« 
7?U 
47*4 
J 
Ti, 
74o IO 
37M 
374o IO 
37 
61 
54 
41 
49', 
8 
52 
45 » 
4 9 , 
974 l l 
SM 
JM 
4M 
11o9 
4'* 
IM 
4’. 
15o8 9 
41M JI 
U U 
4 
JM 
2 
IBM 
I 
U U 
24', 
I U 
? ' l 
IM 

JiM * 
U U a 
IM t 
7o’ , * 
J 7, - 
JO / 4 
29 v« a 
J U - 
J U 4 
6' i - 
6 U 4 
J U - 

' * 

JO I' 
9* I 

C4|fNM|t tnt tb R s ycC Joa 519o 
I 
ComRS 1*2 
197* 
* im p i! CP 
Compo Ina to m p uO vfi 

J7 U 
121* I* 
J J W ta m p ut In*! 
IS I* 
Compul l" v 
2871 
J 
Con cb em 
SO 
>941 
5 conrra Fab 
11177 
J 
Coe dw crp 
7552 
(o n n tly C o n 
5*9 

 l l 
*M tov* 4 
4M 4 82 3 
TO l r , 
I9M a JM 4 14 j 
5 * 
I M i 4 41 1* 8 
413 ) 
SM 
4 
47, a M e 
5 4 
IM 
IM 
IM 
* *• a l l J 
I l l I* 
IM 47 18 4 i i 4 im m 
Im a 
M * 1*o 

 t i l 
U M 
SM 
I* 7* 
4<* 
U M 
JM 
9 
4M 
I M 
Conroe, 
*o 
517 I 
IV I f t 
Conrey toe 
J4o4 7 
57, fk 
Cont) if Gds 39647 U 
U M 
BM 
ConsRet 
SB 
1175 9 
U M 7> 

 i n a 
*4* 9 
4M 4 
IBM 6 
4U 

4M 
I 
4 
M * 
I 7, 
IM 

BB B 
14 4 

V 

COnsyne Cp 
12564 U 

‘ ti 

2 a ' M 
I r lO e U fl 
> 
79o1 l f 

Com M aiar 
S M I ll 
Coni Tat wt 
77B1 coo* ma 
(ao k Pv 
Cooper Jar 
Ce* den mil 
< or t I abs I 
Corance 
Cornel 
Corr Bl* 
Casco m< 
CO*’ Corp 
C Off Cot p 
Courttd to u s m , w I 

BM 
IM 
IM 

 t i l 
IM 
4M 

M 
Io H 4 
4*, * 71 5 
7M 
7M a 
M a l l 
IM 
BV, 4 
BM 4 IM 9 

U U 
IIM 
IM 
IM 

IM 
I t 7* 
15> A 
4M 
J* 

U 4 
IM 4 
M 4 
IM 4 
IM 4 
*9 4 
Abs U e 1B4J # 
IBM 
* 
IB 
4 
BM 4 
o 
• 
_ J f l 
, l l 7, 
IBM IIM ut 4o 
27o3 
IO IIM 
BM IIM c 
14o 
MTT IO J7M 
IBM JSM 4 
7U 4 i 4o 
3477 Iff 27’ * 
IBM 
I8>* 4 
7M 4 37 J t 
UBI 
I 7, 
IM 
IM 4 
M 4 f t 7 
9 
Hr 8) 
4M 
IM 
J 1 4 
M 4 i i J 
WI 
I I J I 
I 
M 
M • 
M » 
J$ 
Un 
7*1 
JM 
IM 
I ’* - 
IM - » J7 
1.1 la 
_ M . ' , 
1*69 
Co*Cb! Com 
431* l l 
19 l l 
Cram /1 
I JI 
TMI*/.- 
BM 
IM 
(ra s f Foam 
59| 
J U 
IM from pion 
Mn 14)4 
6 U M 
11 
C rov.A T I TO 
5594 l l *1*8 
3o 

 i sJm I 
'* * 
4** 
325 
6 
BM l l 
I P 

U M 
4 
6 

I i ’ 
* 

V| 4 to I 

C * " f pl 
C rownCr 
Cr own In JO 
Cru*< • la 
C ry*H O 4Be 
Cub,rep 
S 
Curlic**> 
IO 
C url.sVai 
IS* 271o 

*o 
4 
BM 4 
BB 
. . 
4 
M 4 
J * 
U M 
I i ' * U M 4 l l 7, a i s ) 

 lim * '17 t»M \ t i ' m *4 a v f i l i i 
,9*3 
U M 
IM U M 4 
4 ', 4 
SI to ll 6 
U M 
*M IIM 4 
6’, a 1o7 I 
T i l s 
11*8 
IIM U U 
271o 
7 
5M 
IM 
SM 4 
4 
4 JBO 9 

. . , P r ^ 
- 
F 
B ine 
443? * 
I 
M 
CR SBI 
IM * I 
4 , 
J 7, 

 pi 
Cr* 
BOB 4 
SM 
IM 
Oams#n Oil 1*977 J I 
I U 
IM 

V* 4 7 I* ♦ ISO 
I M 
.................. 
J U - 
M - J I J 
TM W 
I ' , 4 VV 

B U 
BM 
H JS 
5 
4 M 
5754 
IOU 
598 
6 
BM 
1597 JO 
4 M 
J ’ 
J J I * l f , 
’ * 
>, - 
. 
IO 129 6 8 
43 1* 
SM - 
Im p G rp Ole 
212 
I U 16 
7§ 
_ 
Im per m o 
JU 4 
4 't 
IM 
J U 4 
Im p O 'IA 1651265 17 
76M 
I I I l l 
- 
Inarco 
776 
JM 
I U ? 
— tncolerm A 
H771 l l 
TO * t i ll* * 4 inam nHd wt 
IOU 
Inapt P L pl 4 4 759o 
In t u g h I 
S v ( 
83o* mote, Corp 
1492 tnstron 
JO 
133o tnstrum Sys H U S S 
In s S y p l lie 
)7|9 inlegrt R e , 
5oV8 
4 m irm edeo 
*29o 
6 m il Alum 5o 492o 
6 
Intl B a n ,n o t 49986 I m tCour 28 
5*22 IO 
Int FoodSvC 
491o m a u n a ra i$ 3*97 s inioanm 
TO 
2oo* 
Int Pro teins int Sea w 
25* mt Stretch 
InlSyCon 
25 
Infer pbofo 

IM 
V t 
49 
41 
I 
I 

IM 
49 
IM - 
J 
4 
4M ,4 
V : 

IM H I* 
24 
7'* IO U 
JM 
IM 
I m 
SM 
4M 
I2 7, 
S U l l 
J U 
Tm im 
21 i v , u 

3571 
7 
11)4 
J 
33oo 
1o571 4 

IM 
?v» 
U M 
4' , 
7'* 

3* 
7344 
V 
SBM 
9 
IBM 
(1384 21 U M in v e s tm f id i/2 « 
. invO yarsA Toe 1oo2* 
S U in v D iva rs B o5e 659o 
44 invest Bit l r 
2«9J 
Ionics Inc 
1*18 1? 
U U 
13 
7157 
SIO 
2739 
46? 

 liverp o o l 
! 
Inlerw .y Cp 

 iro g Brd 
TO I iroq Brnd el irvlfilno 
1*1 
• srae lD 75* 

I'* 
IM 
I 
I 7* 
4 ’, 
IM 
ISM 
' , 

IM 
? U 
( J 
4M 
7'* 

 i r , — u 
A* 

74 2 
'* — 
4 * 
IM 4 l l 
38M 4 313 

7 6 4 ?S 9 

P i : u i 
6M 4 14 2 
7* 4 l l 
M a 
6 5 
IM a 126 7 
IM a 
5 3 
6 '* a 1o3 
V * A *8 7 
IM A 17 9 
M - 
J I 
B l 4 4* A 
SM 4 J ? I 
J I ■*“ so 
I 
♦ 
4o 

’ 4 
; W t 
M - 
J 7 
I I* - 27 J 
M - 
* 6 
M - I* 7 
' . 4 l l 3 
•« — 
T i 

 a n 7 t i t 
7* 4 
7o 
J ' , 4 l l I 
M - I* 7 
' , A I J J 
I M 4 82 I 
M a 14 3 
J U 4 l l I v* a 
JO 
IM 4 
BS 
6 a 12o 
IM a IOO 
SM - 21 2 
* 4 1 3 
M a JO B 
SM a 65 I 
?'« a 12o 
I 
4 
TC 6 
1, a 44 4 
19 I 
IO 
*M * *5 4 
J U 
5 
I J H 4 7M 4 14o 5 
J U 
I 
I ' I a 
* * 4 t i l 
U U 
* '« l l ' , a t a t i I 
IM 
IM 
4 * a J 
4 SB 9 
SM 
J U 

Bf* 
IS 7* 
4 I 

J - 
K 
- 
L a 

BM 
U M 
IM 
BM 

Ja c ly n 4o« 
J99o 5 l l . 
Jncobr 
7to 
2177 
7 ll la mew 2 
o5r 
4564 
5 IOU 
Jeannai 
TO 
Men a 
12' > jelrom c Ina 
571* 
4 
5'* 
Jo n .,Po la 
8397 I JOM 
Juniper 
Pe* 
5J7o ll 
4 , 
Jup iter tnd 
132 6 
6’ * k Yet rn tie 
2343 5 IM 

7M 
T i 

 r 
7M 
JU 
CM 
3M 
• 
4 . 
4$ 

TM - 
M u 
SM a 

 ij’ V - 
9m a 
IO ', a 
1*8 4 
I M - 
J U - 
BM A 
S U 4 
IS 
A 
4M - 
SOM 4 

 kin A r, L rP 
Kmg Opl'Cl 
KingRd 2o* 
Kingstm 
2o k ,rby E «p 
Kit Mig kleerVu ma 
K leinerts 

99*8 
I 
2458 
5429 ll 
21o4 
5 
6374 
8 
2392 13 
1253 
4 
2414 
6 

Sates 
F-f 
(hdt.) High la w Lott Chg 
V , — 
U — 
7 7 i m a 
7M - 
IM 
2o7, 
SM 
6' * 
IOU 
KnlCkToy 159181 IO 
28 kollmor 
SO 
48o6 12 
35U 
KuhnStr 
1o 
L S B in d 
1or 
LTVCorp wl 
L a B a rg e o6 
LaM aur 
2o 
LaPoint 
2o* 
La G u in ia M 

1776* 
1459 
5 
15)53 
5813 
9 
27o1 
7 
919 9 
296o 

- l l 
J a IS I 
M — 
S 

IM a 
* ) J 
‘‘/ a 
8 3 

M - 
J 6 
J U a 35 I 
4U 4 1o2 7 
AU A *7 J 
IM a 
5o 
9M - SI 4 
M - l l S 
4M 4 157 T 
J 
» ♦> 5 
BM 4 Va 5 
IM - 22 4 
J U A 
I 

K a t r in a it 1o7*57 IO IBM kaneM'M wi 
1919 a 7, 
B B G I: DIA SO 
IM 
54') kapok f 
2o* 
948 8 
7 m 4*i SM k arC p o7e 
2545 JO 
SM 
7’ , 
4U 
4 IM 
4 1*5 kenw inS 34 
J IO 5 
* ', 
4M 
BM a l h 
I l l I k ttch m lOr 
1o9? $ 
77, 
4 • a t a ? a a* 5 
Kewanee 
7} 5919o 9 34' 1 
U U 
J* a 4 21 * a IB? 5 
KBW Co eta 
I U 
IM • J 
4 
I U 4 IBS 7 keysi Ina 
» 
14*7 5 
B U 
S H 
B U A 
JA* A B l I 
» age w t 
UBS 
4 
M 
IU 

L a ly Rad 2615o49 
7 lak e 
Shore 
6368 
Lndm rk Ld 
Laneco 
o8* 
LaTour Bek 
Lea Hon 
28a 
LeatnCo 
5o 
LeeEntr 
52 le e Natl 
Lee 
Pharm 
Lehigh Pres 
L e ig h P r 6o 
Leisure Tee 
Levi ti In 
2a 
Lew isBF 
24 
Lib e rty Fab 
L'ghtolr 
16 
LifliAnn 
22 
Lincoln 
Am 
Lloyds Ele c 
Lodges 
12e 
Lohmn 
8oa 
Loew The wt 
Loa 1 con 
Loqistic 
o8* 
La G e n Sv 8o 
LouisCe 
I 32 
Lundy Elec 
Lynch Corp ly n n w e a r 

1o58 
636 A 
53o9 ll 
4126 
7 
1545 
9 
3821* 13 
1578 
1811154 
877 
5 
1561 
7 
2986 
177o 
5 
1613 
6 
2531 
3 
1371 
6 
661 
7 
1oo91 14 

9' * 
4 
; m 
4 M 
67, 
6M 
9M 
U M 
2M 
2M 
4 ', 
J 7* 
U M l l 7, 
25 
2 7, 
5M 
6 'J 
U M 

IM 
6M 
47, 
8 7, 
I*, 
IU 
4 ’ 4 
IJT , 
U M 
6M 
J U 
M 
2M 
3M 
5 
SM 
7, 
IM 
I U 
J U 
IM 
6M 
T7, 
15 
IM 
3 
3 
6M 
IU 
I U 
5 ', 
4M 

7', 
2o 
4 « 
] ' I 
6 7, 
277, 

626o 
4339 
! 
3o38 
I 
79o11 
66o 
1 
3135 t 
2o53 
7 
548 
I 
1168 
961? l l 
1425 

7M 
IO 
7U 
77, 
4M 
IIM 
4 
2U 

■IM 
U M 
4M 
4 7, 
IM 
9 
19’, 
IM 
I 
I 

IM 
JM 

J 
19'. e 7, 
SM 
3' a 
U U 
27 
7U 
71 * 

M 
- N 
- o 
MDC 
Corp 
12o3 25 27» 
W PO Video 
668 6 4U 
M W A 
4ob 
893 
9 SM 
M acrod md 
7893 3 
IU 
M ePbS 
1 4C 
523 8 
16’ , 
M am m M r* 
775o IO 5M 
Mngood ISI 
631 
9' a 
Manti I Ie 
28 
2663 8 
47, 
M ans*T o2r 7362 
7 SM 
Marm duq 
B 
139o4 
J 
M arket! 
28 
86 77* 6 
26M 
Mariene ind 
3379 3 
IO ', 
Mary-, all 
Pd 
687 
6 
Marshal 
Ind 
3o9o a 
S U 
M a rtP r 4oe 7698 
7 32"* 
Maslnd 4oa 
3517 
5 IOU 
Masneiln 
3o 
2855 6 
39M 
M asters Inc 
816 
4 J U 
Mater Re 28 1384 
6 
U M 
Maut Bro 
14b 343o 
6 
7M 4 
M cC row t n 
571 
IM 
U 
Mf CutO 
51782 76 
5M 2' j 
Mclntsh 
7o 
7927 
9 27M 
67, 
Mf k eon Cn 
*o34 
4M 
I ’/* 
M eonsF I o8 U3o 
6 
13'» IO1, 
Medal st 
44 
1985 
6 9' j 
5M 
M edaln G rp 
6887 
3M I5 I* 
Medco Jw ly 
1949 
16 4M 
IM 
Med en co 2o 7826 
6 
9’, 57, 
M fd iie ld Co 
1297 
4 
SM 2U 
MedtaGn 
4o 
625o 9 
TOM 
14U 
Megolnt 
2o 
17795 
5 17 
7M 
J J U 
6 
18 
IV 

34M 
7 
A 
3 
4 
M — 
J U - 
AM A 
SM — 
8 7, A 
8M 4 
J U A- 
IM A 
3M 4 
J 
A 
9M A 
I V , 4 
74', 4 
IM 
4M 4 
57, 4 
U M 4 
2M a 
7U A 
5M - 
7 'J A 
6 ', 4 
SM 4 
3M 4 
6M 4 
T i a 
17 
— 
SM A 
7M .. 
7M 4 
U U A- 
26M 4 
3M - 
IM A 
I U — 

M A 44.4 
M - 4 I 
J U A 52 6 

• 
TM A IJS 7 
- 
?M 4211 I 
?M A *18 
2o7, A 298 2 
TI 2 
7 7 
IS' 
M 
I 
A 
SU 
M — 63 6 v, — 14 3 
M A 17 9 
7, — 14.6 
JM A 41 4 
IM A 23 2 
M A 13.3 
M A 
4o 
A 
7, 4 
J U 
2M 
IIM 

IM A 42.3 
3 
A 1o4 4 
7M A 1V7 
7, A 
7o 
M A 
56 
' , - 
2 1 
IM A 
25 
I 
4 48 5 
IM 4 4o 6 
' , 4 
3 9 
4 TS * 
M 4 33 3 
' , - 
7 
3M A 
79 

I 
4 57 I 
9 ', A IOO 
6U ♦ 13 8 
’ , - 11 1 
T , A 2oo 
M - 23 I 

13' * 
7’ , 
3", 
3M 
JM 
13 16 
18 
A7, 
3M 
4M 
I I M 
6M 
23M 
I ’* 
4M 

I 
A 
U 
37, A 
IM 
7M A 
M 
M A l I* 
ISM A 
2’ , 
4 M ..................... 
4U — 
I>* - 29 2 
4". A 
7, ■* 25 9 
4 
4 
*, 4 
3 2 
I 
—3 I* — 15.1 

14 3 
63 2 
I 7 
33 3 l l 7 

24M 
7M 4 
4M f 
*7, 4 
22 a* 4 
9M 4 
36', * 
I U 4 
8 I* 4 
5 

4 U U 4 
IV* 
IM 
2U 
M 
2U 
13 
IM 
3M 
7, A 

9* 
21 3 
32 I 
48 7 
3 4 
44 2 
SS 3 
16 7 
81 I 
21 2 

M EM C o 
Mercant Ind 
M ete* 
3o 
M etro care 
Metro O rig 
M en Gent 
MtchSugar I 
M iens pl 24 
Micklbry 
16 
MidtdCo IC 
MidlGls 
?4b 
M iller H 
Mille*W o 
4o 
Mil Roy 
25 
M ission I T 
M ission) wt 

244 
U U 
4 
1877 
1o57 
7285 
3 
29771 
4 
111 
1837 
4 
1714 
8 
5611 
5 
584 72 
69351 IO 
725o 
8 
4476 
1276 

? U 
12 v« 
? ’ , 
IM 
J 7, 
14’ 7 
3M 
IV * 
8 
ISM 
6M 
73M 
23', 
2U 

7, 
»M 
M 
M 
I U 
*7, 
3 
5", 
3M 
9M 

M —9 16 — 
6o 
3M A 
V* A 
7 4 
22U A 15M A 2J7 J 
. M A 
J I , 4 2o8 J 
U M 4 
I " . 4 
22 
8M 4 
3 
4 52 2 
IM 4 13 1* A 16 7 
I 7, - 
M - J I . I 
IM 4 46 8 
3 
41143 
S U 4 38 9 
2M 4 24.4 
SM 4 <7 3 

SM 
5M 
19M 
1?M 
164. 
I 
IO’ 
I U 
— 
V* — I* 7 
IM 4 7 16 4 
63 6 
3M 4 
2 
4 145 $ 
T il* - 
M - 
* 2 
J 
— 
U - 
4 
7, 4 16 J 
IM A 
31 
6'* 
4M 
U M 
6 ', 
23 
15 

I 3o 
11654 6 
178131 IO 
I 

Mo Pie R 
Mitcbl t 
MiteCp 
TO 
9687 
Modern Md 
1541 
M olycrp wl 
13*17 
M onM gl 
4o 
49o 
M o n P p t4 4o /479o 
Mon p ic a 5o/123o 
Mooa 
6o 
2126 
M tgGfh 48* 
Monon S .32 
(auf is Sup m 
M I VMM I 2o 
M ovStar 38 
M ovielab 
M ulti Am 7o 3744 
Napco 
16 
4976 

32', 
417, 
I 
4 
77, 
25". 
5 
6 
51 
52 
8 
U U 
1617 
6M 
2272 
3 
7U 
7o7 
5 6M 
938 17 
J I M 
813 
5 SM 
1611 
5 
2M 
8 ', 
8 
I 

44 
44 
IM 
3M 
4M 
3M 
U M 
4 ", 
I 
J U 
J 7, 
NarciaM 
TO 
11o4 39 
SM 
27, 
Hat CSS 2o 
57*6 IO 
75 
12’ * 
ND iStr 
16 
775 
A 
77, 
5 
N alH I th R n ! 
7 ’ 95 
8 
2 ,11 16 
Nat md WI 
7763 
J U 
N K innev CP 15992 
?M 
Na! Paragn 2o 9357 
5 
12 
Nat Patent 61o54 77 
13 
Na! S ilve r 15e 933 7 
Na) Spmng 
578 
• *r - * 
3528 ll 
2177* 
8 
SOS 
843 
1334 3o 
1254 
3694 ll 
995 
8 

I J H 
U M 
H 
, I I 
17V* 
24 V* 
I " , 
8 
A 
4 
7t* A 
6M 
24 ’, A 
4>, 
5 

2H A 13 5 
A 73 J 
2V* 
7’, A 52 I 
2M A 
72 
IV, I 15 I* A 136 4 
I 64 — 3 64 — 
75 
32 
A 14 
A 77 8 
39M A 27M A 73o 7 
4U A IJS 6 
3H A 87 1 
177, A 286 

PUNNY BU SINESS 

' 
----- 
V . A M D v S O S r V H M i , W T R T S E 

■ 6 » C E - A o e T U N IN K C W T , 

' O U U JC W r 
T O P U U . 

' i O O & E U F U P c e r w e s o f a a k j d P a c t x R m i 

T M E E M P r r B E E R . C A 3 o S T O 

V ^ C H A K k S e P 
E 
C H A N bJ E l . i 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P S E S S - M E W 
S — 
S u n d a y J o m i o r y 2 1 9 7 7 
R a g a 
3 - G 

Tao My 
High law iota* 
- 
Net 
P-l (hd,.) High la w la,* Chg 

YaaHy 
High la w 
S J M 
Na* l- l (haw.) High la w last Chg 

Solitron 
13125 
4M 
IM 
?M jtowtor Bede U e 14o4 
5 )*U 
*M 
IS M A 
Uto 
2179* 
5 
47J 19 
4o9 
1o88 
1854 
3125 
376 
SMI 
3887 
5994 
3715 
19o3 
964 
791 
985o 

6M 
U M 
7M 
U M 
IIM 
14 
ISM 

6461 
7 
$ 
749 
6 
IO 
1865 
5 
6M 
261o 
SM 
14o? 
4 
6'* 
7?8 IO 
TU 
1582 
2 
1122? ^ r 

49' 
5? 
A 
12 
A 
SM A 
SU A 
3V, — 
16 
A 
TM A 
I U A 
41 , A 
SM A 
3U - 
23' I A 
S U — l l , A 
J. _ 

Na! System 
NatwHo 
37 
Neisner Bro 
N elly Don 
Nelson L B 
N esiLM 
N E N u d r 4o 
NHamp 
4oa 
New lo rla o4e 11632 
N M ,* Ari/ 
?4o4 SI 
N Proc 63e 13584 
8 

4’ , 

 i t , 
IO U 
I U 
I U 
2M 
34', 
U H 

 u w 
U 7, 

IM 
6 
6M 
77, 
J ’** 
IM 
1oH 
3H 
I U 
IM iv* 
21', 
IOU 
M 
IS 7, 
26M 
B H 
IO U - 

? ', — 
U H A 
B U — 
J 7, A 
3 
A 
5 
A 
13’. - 
4M A 
IM A 
A 
Tv, A 
29'* A 
U M 
IM A B 16 
BV, 

5", A 12 5 
BM A 23 I 
SM A IS 7 iv* A 46 7 
H A 
7 7 
M rn 17 I 
V , A 
? 6 
2M A 
62 9 m a i m 
I 
A 21 6 
4M 4 126 7 
M * 21 9 
I 
A 9o 7 
V* - 
4 3 
H A 83 3 
V* - 
25 
U - IO 5 
*H a 77 I 
I 7, - 16 9 
H A 19 7 
U A 
9 I 
3H -I 2o7 7 v» — 
3.6 
IM A 
31 
H A 33 J 
H A 21 4 
H A 33 J t% A 
TO 
H A 
5.4 

 i l l 

N Y T im es 6o 11638 D U H 
I I M 
U H 
N ew b Eh 2o 
713) 4 IO ', 
6 H 
9 
Ne wear 
1b 
788 5 24M 
U 
N ew p arkR s 
536o* 6 47, 
3H 
Nexus 
14* 
1384 
6 
3 
IM 
N ia g F S v 56 
1519 
5 
U M l l 7, 
Nichols SE 271 1374 
4 5 
J U 
Noel tndUSt 
1464 4 5 
2 
Nolex Cp 
17*79 43 
U H IM 
Norlek o4 
7154 l l 
5 H 2H 
NoAm M I 
WI 
7o81 
13 16 3 I* 
Nor AmR 
IO 
7676 8 U H 
8 
13843 IO 
B ’ ,43 I* 
136 
53', 45 
77o4 
7758 19 
2788 
19 
445 

3h t u 
: 
4H 
J U A 
5? 
TU A 54 6 
IM A 
3o 

A 
?iv* a 
47, A 
IM . 
II M A 
4M A 
3 
A 
*M — 
?M A 
M . ■ 
13', A 
SU A 66 7 
7 >, A J J I* A 7* I 

IM A 
8 9 
17, A 83 3 
H A 26 3 
2 
- M f 
M A IS I 

SM 
5' • 
U M 
> 
6M 
A U H 
71 

 i t 
3 
SM 
3 J, 
67, 
13' 

 w 
. t - s : i l l 
4 
A 1 
A 33 3 
IOU — 
1 , - 4 7 
3M - 
A, — 
B l 
IO 
A 
3U A 48 2 
16H A 
2M A U.7 

NorCdn O 'ls 
N IP S PIA 75 
Novo Corp 
Nuclear 
Dal 
NumacO Gs 
OE Aln< 
TO 
O akw dH om o6r 14o8 
Onshore Co 
29o6 
OhioAri 
24a 
1o77 
6 
* ’ . a7, 
57, a 
A 
J . J 
On ic B 
7a 
3323 
5 
4* 
2* . 
44M A 17 
A 61 J 
2o8o 
7 
U U 
6’ . 
8 ', — 
V , - lf * 
4288 
7 IO’ * AU 
7M A 
9447 
16 23H U U 
7V 7 * 
*17 
2o 51 
31 
35 
A 
1334 
J U 
I t u ­ r f , 4 
*7* -* 
I* 
?H 

On Seal y 
4o 
O llalnd 2oe 
O nline 
Sys 
OOk.ep Cop 
O rig m ala 
O riole Ho l*i 7751 
Ormand md 
2985 

2M A *7 7 
7 
A 45 2 
IM A 
4 5 
•* - U 3 
2 7, A 74 2 
13 16 A 86 7 
7U A IM ) 
3?, A 1o1 
5M A 77 2 
M A ? * * 
IM - 54 5 
IM A 61 T 

I 
§ 
Suiivn ac 
27o* 
* 
14 
U 7, 
13 uldr Sport U e 5o94 l l 7?, 3'* 
6 ", 
O varhD r SO 
7*96 9 
U H 
6*. 
1?H 
S vers Secor 
J U 
J7 , 
? H 
3M x«ord Fat 
U l t 
? H 
I 
IM - 
O /arkA IOC 1o95o 
5 
AH 
2 H 
3*8 

P - 
Q 
- 
R 
V BF 
Indus* 
1597? 
J 1, iv* 
I " , 
PN B M R wt 
1*15 
7 16 
U 
U 
PSAIhc. w! 
153o . iv . 
1* i . - 
H — 71 4 
P O E ap* I 5o 
3o?o 
U H U U 
ISM A 
P O E P II 37 
74? 
I * ' , IA U 
U U A 
P O E Sp* I 25 
3*o 
15', 12?* 
15 
A 
PG R d P II 25 
2838 
IS H 
U M 
U M A 
PG p lA I 25 
1354 
I S ', 13 
14', 
A 
PCA Sp* I 7o 
919 
147, U U 
IA I, 
A 
P IO 
8pt7 54 
5759 
JO U 
26'. 
79H 
IO 4*p* 2 ti 
9533 
JO H 
26M i t ’ 

- J * a' 

IM 
IM 
V l l I l l 3 
6 4 
13 9 

PC A Sot I 12 2o45 
P G 9 Ap* 2 37 5971 
PG 8 7p! 2 OS 3728 
F G E 8p* 
? 
4632 
PG ? Ip U 9* 3J76 
P G E 9 p * ??5 
6o? 
PG 8 lp*7 o4 *11* 
PG 9 2pl 2 J? tit 
PCA 3ptl o9 1o31 
PHqloO 
I* i ll* 
PHOU pit 2o 
P ac t I pt4 3* 
Pat Ll pl a 4o 
P a d * p*4 5o 
Pat L l p*4 ?5 
P a d I pl 7 64 
' 
I 32 

 to 
367 
7*16o 
JOI 
U i 
. 
*92 
4?4* * 
113 
11731 12 
99* I* 
3191 3 
72o1 
6 
1o3) 
5 
75o I 
<93 

13 
29 
25’, 
24 >* i i ' 7 
IB M 

 i ? 
IIM 
I? 

 i t : 
SO I 
57H 
. 
SSM 
91 
* 
JOU 

 f i t 
1‘ I 
TM 
5 
•H 
U H 
) H 

PN wTel 
Pm P ip * 
$ 
PaliCorp to 
Palo m r F nil 
Rand' 
Bredi 
Pan la st 3o 
P ara Ps 
2oa 
ParkC h 48a 
Park El 
Ue 
, 
P a rs o n s * BO 785*1 
5 it 
PH Fashion 
7636 4 
AH 
PaM g o m a ittr 
5 
Pato C G 
5887 J 
TM 
P a , all «oa 
1163 
I 
13', 
PeerT u 2oa 
*41 
I 
J 
Pem cor 
UOOt 
5 
7 
PennD n wt 
JIBS 
77» 
P e n E n M tot IA I* 
7 t i , 
PenTr I 7ob 
U94 
* 
32H 
PEC O 
*6! 
17*32 4 
7 
P e n a IE I IS 1135 a 
U U 
PenobS 
2oe 
5o5 4 
I U 
Pe n n o n ind 
3*54 
5 
IM 
Pep Boys lb 
U99 6 
25’ , 
Pap com ta a t t 4 
1* ?, 
Pern n C p 3oa 89*2 
4 
SU 
Per Mf Cmp 
It* 79 9 
8 

I I H 
24', 
J I N 
TO7, 

 i i 
71’ * 
23 M i v * 
AU l l 
43 
AAM 
44 
A IU 
73 ?» 
U U 

27 V* 
Tm 
)? . 
3 
AH 
7H iv* 
IIM 

U t 
J U 
9?. 

IIM ♦ 
27', * 
TIM * 
24 
A 
2 JH * 
28M a 
?4’» ♦ 
2*7* A 
I ) 
A 
IIM A 
15H - 

 i t t i v , 4 

 i r j 
: 
U H 

I? . A 14 6 
?V* 6 l l 
J U * I* 2 
?M a 12 3 
3M * IS 3 
7 a* A 116 
J U A 
IS 
J U A IO J 
I H A 14 3 
7H A 17* 8 
T7, - l l 5 
6 
A IA I 
7U * 
16 1 
14 3 
14 4 
2*4 
35 3 

6 1 
19 
IM to 
A B 
A 17 7 

I U t * M ~ U*l m a i n 
JM a 7) 9 
H a l l 5 
I 7, A SO I 
IM A 7)3 
*7, A 46 6 
?, A 
IS iv* ♦ 
*o 

IM A- l l I 
I 
A It 6 
AH A /OS 9 
M - 
7 7 
IM A JO 4 
IU * A 6o 7 

6285 
2649 
BTU* 
77$) 
1114 
»!2 b 

Petro Lewis 
Phil I D 
Ut- 
Phoenix IU 
P 'c N P a y 
TO 
Piedmont rn 
Pioneer Sys 
Pton Tex 
IO 
PH W Va 
54* 
P i t DeM I ?oa 2o5 
P iilw a r 
I 2o 
*7 
PfacrD v 
BO 
Plan* md 
IoJBB 
P l a n im i U U 5 1 I 13 
P ia / a R " in 
IOU 

Sh* 
U t 
IM 
IOU a 
2h a 
I 
A 
M A 
IM A l l I* A 
7H a 
IM A - -« 

||m A* I'iT a 
JIM A i i * I S I 
I* 1, A 
, 
* j 
I 
- 
V, — 
4 5 
JAM A 
I U A SC I 
IM A 
U * 2J I 
I IB - I 12 - l l I 

Pre sle y Cgs *a848 
Preston 7o 
15o9 IO 
111* 
JIA ) 
89? 
2838 
BIM 
1171 
185 
. 
IS I) 
7 
_____ l l 
- 
Purepac Lb Ojo U ?o l l 7’, BM 
Quebt or Inc 
171 I 
? i , 
) 
“ “ 
Ind 
21*4* I 
IM t'it 
147? B 
J H 
I U 
691o 
J 
I u 
W k 
1131 
552 
JAH 

CP 
R I T in t To 
R E T pt4 J* 
R M M M Svc 
•RPS Prod 
HSC 
Indus) 
R IC Core o*e 71o8 
Recon JO* 
2?ti i 
SM 
)>, 
RaqanB lie 
9675 
5 
I7H 
*M 
R a n tn rs E x 1oo7? 25 i f , 
U U 
R an grO C an 5681 
SI 19H 
U U 
2*7o $ 
IBM 
U H 

 r n 
& 
’* > 
IM ) i i n u h a lo r , 
1)9o U ll 
U T I 
S ti 

44 
IS H A IM a 
TM A 72 t 
$ a h 
Th a h a 
IM a u l J 
54 
I 
I U IH — if - H i 
1 9 
V t 
IM 
IM a 
H a w 
) 
I $ i i 
$ to n a s h a tis 

Ransorg IO 
RapdA m wt 
Hath Pack 
Raym Pi 
AC 
Readm g md 
R e a lis t 
I 4o 
R llln i T Boe 
R it R e l) IO* 
Redlaw En! 
R eeves Tete 
Re*r,g T m , 
Raga! B 52 
R e iQ rp w ! 

% 

- 
J?* - 
— 
I U - 
.1*9 

V 
I I 
Al 

U47 
M?8 

" v o I 
34*1 
73o*3 

I9*» 

7H * 
7 
U M 

J 

U M 

% 

' l l 

, £ 

 l h a 
U t 111 

* a h a l l 

^ I 
4 * ! 
H A 
6 1 
16 a 
IO'1 a 
U H * 

V t * 

AH 
?H 
M 
H 
7H 

Rem Ar IO* 
7141 
Rep Nousng 
I J J * 
I* , 
?■ 
R ep to lln wt 
ISO) 
* 1 * 3 ) 1 
MepN Y l l 
1957 
5 
79 * 
U M 
ReschCtl de 
24511 I ) U H 
D u 
H en s ill* SO 374o 
7 
74'. 
14 
Resrtsm ti 
A 
6*884 Ti U H 
I 
R e v is io n 
B 
715*41 i f 7 
TH 
Rest Assot 
323o 
. I M 
I 
Rex Nor eco 
31*1 
IM 
M 
R ip ie iPrw d 
» J I j i l t i m 
IM 

I U A l i i * 9 261 9 

 i i i 1 * 
’ s t r 

M i l 
IIM A 
U M A 
U H a 
H a 
IM a 
I a 
5 a 

W 
U 
IM a t i t a ', a is T 
BM a 44 4 
B». * 466 7 
IBM a 744 4 
M a 
*o 
IM a IM 7 i n a l i f s 

Richton 2*e H S J 
3 
7?* 
Riley 
Go 
3465 4 l l 
PioAlgm 
I 
1838 12 37M 
R isdonM 4o 13.1o8 9 
T IU 
4Mi 
Robm tech 
2o347 
29H 
II M 
Roblm 
Ind 
5627 
4 
47v 
J 
148 
7 
! ? '■ r n 
> 
1*o? 
48 
2485 
5 

Ro ckw ey 9* 
Rotor mil 
Rogers Corp 
Roland intl 
Ronco Te ep 
Rossm or Cp 7648 ti 
RoyBusn Fd 
2o45 
Roddick Cp Ile 1473 5 
Rudtck pl 5* se? 
Rusco md 
1o175 
Russet! Cp 4o 2*34* 
I 
RUSICH 4o 
3389 
6 
IO 
R y«nH 5o 
76612 12 
25H 
Ryersn Hay 
586 
2M 

ISM 
5’ • 
3M 
SH 
I 
5 
6?* 
2M 
IO 

37* 
67, a 77, a 71 u 
IO' , 
IS H a SU + 5o 6 
25’ , 
27’, 
— IM — 3 9 
17', a 
BM a 124 6 
15M — 
AM — 21 4 
AH A 
77, A 1o5 6 
S H 
U U a 
3H A 
42 
2H 
3 
IV 
5 
I ’ 
5 
I H 
T > 
7, 
3 
4' , 
I 

S G I In 
16r 
SGSet 
Ste 
SGS* p*i TO 
S V D md 
■SPtnd 
24 

Sb 5 
IS H 

S — T — L I 
1o*5 
6 
9 
SU 
7973 
?M 
IM 
UBS 
U H 
I? 7, 
996 
4 
3M 
IM 
HO? 2? 
6?, 
AM 
ST PC P *o 
11o75 ti 
U M 
S a ltra n S y A 
3141 
6 
87, 
Salem 8*t 
BSI* 
5 
SCarlo I »8e 
1723 

7U 

SOteO pl *8 
SD ieG pl BO 
SD ieG p l I 
5DOO pl* 84 
SOgo pf? en 
SOgo pi? 2o 
SDgo p* 7 68 
SanFr R E 
S E R E wl 
S a n jW ? 8o 
Sargent md 
Sarg* pl? 75 
Sa un dr L IO 
ScheibE 
36 
Schenuit 6ofl 844 
Schick Inc 
Schiller md 
School P 
4o 
Schrader 
3o 
Sc 1 V g t o*r 
St 1 A llan ta 
Scope In 
5oe 
S e re n e r 7o 
Scu rry R ain 
Sb d A lV II 4o 
Seateclr Cp 
Seaport Cp 
Seaprl-p* 56 g ars Ind asnAll 
2o 

3’ , 
IS H 
OH 
IO 
6 
IO7, 
IM n u b m 

2 a 
SU A 
M a 
A7, A b m a 
IM A 
7 H A 
S U a 
I * 7, A 
I 
- 

8H a 
Tm a 
16 
A 
7U A 
4’* — 
127, A 
IV* A 
13 
A 
BM - 
IOU A 
U U A 
U U A 
U2M A 
IS 
A 
7 A 
A 
287. l l 
A 

 u u io u 
U 7 U 
88 
*7 
71 
81 
69 
29?* 
28 l l 
J U 
7, 
'A 
U 
J * 7, 
JO U 
38 H 
IM 
3 
71 
26’ • 
5M 
B U 
B i, 
BM 
IM 
7’ , es, 
SH 

77, A 
B U A 
IM - 
77, - 
7U - 
7 

7 ^ 
254 
197oo 
236 
IU 
. I I J I 
3857 *9 
2oo1 
487 
8 
6o97 
7 
3?* 
/ 6.15o 
77 
1943 
4 
IOU 
*789 
IO 
BU 
5 
B U 
I 
IM 
2o38 
36 6 
81o 
7 IO?'* 
4885 
8 
8 ', 
U SB 
17 3?, 
IM 
? 
9966 14 
JI M 
IO U 
JO U 
576 
4 
26»« 
2o?* 
74 
1482 
5 I? 
IOU 
13M A 
769 
9 I V , l l ’, 
17 
A 
486 
3 BM 
BM 
8 '* 
1962 
2o SM 
J U 
1845 
5 Tv* 
1, 
1o6 
AM 
7’, 
SSI 
AH 
I 7, 
13181 
7 IO7. 
7M 
Sec V ia Inv 
16878 
2?*13 16 
Sec V t in wt 
318o 
5 16 3 32 S 3? 
SelasCp 3o 
1457 t IM 
AU 
5 
Seligm Asso 
1o79 
2 
U 
16 
Semlch 
Ut 
1*84 9 
BV* 
3?. 
Servisco 
.IO 
1263 6 
6U 
SM 
1o93 
5 
5 
J U 
446 
J 
I 
517 
8 I 7, 
5?* 
U59 
6 AM 
2M 
7961 
6 
14' 7 
U H 
4119 
9 U U 
7M 
BM 
6988 
. AV* 
I ’, 
J U 
. 
243o 6 
SM 
3?* 
7M 
ShnandhOil 22962 35 
33 
2o', 
28 'n 
Shop wa 11 in 
3675 14 
J? , 
I ' , 
?H 

3U a 43 8 
' , * 
26 
H * 45 5 
2s, a IOO 
M A 33 3 
IM a 6? 5 
JM a 48 6 
’ , A 
5o 
1 a is I 
J U a 43 5 
M a i t 
’ a - ii 3 

3H a *7 5 
H A J J 3 
3 
A 23 I 
’ , a 78 6 
V* — 
5 6 
S H A H i 
5 a 133 3 
I ’ , A 
16 9 
IM - I? 5 
V t * 23 4 
J U A 
25 
I U * 
12 5 
16 
A 1*5 
A 73? 
A 16 9 
16 ll 

IM 
1, 
IS , 
11, 
SH 
3?, 
I 
2H 

3H A 
?* A 
3?* A 
I 
- 
IoV. A 
2' 

275 9 a IOO 
■ 24 6 
A 
6o 
A 21 4 
■ 56 3 a 14 6 y to 4 
H - 35 7 
M - 
4 7 
V* — 14 9 

6o 
IO 
IS 7 
29 8 
38 8 
25 
42 I 
2o 
3o 4 
- 77 3 

V t 
J U 
4?. l h 
I 

Servo Corp 
Servolr lOr 
Seton Co 
45 
Sheers 15e 
Sh#'onStt 
I 
Shaw m 5ob 
Sheller Res 
ShndCp 
74* 

5 
6 
AM t 
I? , 
I 7* 
3 ', 
U U 

Showbo* I 
1*o8 
ShuimTr 
En 
3357 
Sierran 
2o 
S'lcolnd 
5o 
Sigma 
2oa 
SikesCp A 
Silo inc 
S,m coS 25b 
Sim kins 6o 
Simple, Ind 
Sitkin S m R l 
S k y C 'ly 2or 

1266 
7 
1o9 
5 
932 
6 
1291 
3161 
6 
351 12 
85o 
6 
2862 
U 
ABI 

U M 
U M 
19 
5 ', 
IV, 
?' a 
5? a 
IM 
S7, 
2 H 
3’ > 
? ’ * 
6 
IM 
V . 
7 H 

8?* 
14 
77, 
4 , 
I?* 
J 7, 
IO ', 
J U 
I H 

6 
IOU - 
7 
A 
3 
- 
I U a 
3 
- 
BM a 
IM A 
IM A 
13'* A 

6H F 165 6 
1?* a i i i J 

IM a J J J 
M a 16 7 
7, a JI ? 
J U 4 71* 
?' I a 1o5 3 
V. a 22 7 
V* - l l 
H a 
25 

IM a 24 6 
'* - 
IO 
31* 4 1o)5 
3M a 14 I 
I U a BOB 
7'» a 57 * v. a l l J 
7, a 17 1 
I U - 12 5 
1 a 16 7 
' , — 
4 
4 ', a ll* I 
U — 
7 7 
J 7, a 
*t 
H a so vt a 
3o s 7, a re 7 

Scag Paper 
Sounds" 
IO* 
SqeslCap ta sca apt 1o? 
SCA.** IO * 
SCA * * VO* 
SCA ?p* 119 
S C E O p ll 68 scs. *>' 
1 *i 
SCS 2p* 1 3o 
SCB to* 2 3o 
SC* to* 2 21 
SCC pl 7 58 
SOE pl 8 TO 
SGE pl I N 
SWS! Air ate 
S w tG E In IO 
Spartek to 
Specify Rest 
Spec tor U e 
Spectre 
ITt 
SoedOP 
Ut 
Sp eiim n md 
Spencer 
Ole 
SpenerF 
32 spteniex 48 
S'aitd Lewd 
Sid A liianc I 
SidCont TSr 
Md Coosa 
BO 
Striven 
SOI 
4o43 
13 
AH 
S td V o tA 48 
63?* 
6 
IS 7, 
S id Pac Corp 1Jo8I 5 
IO7, 
StdProd 
I » 
12o9 4 
26’ * 
Sid Pru d wf 
128o 
I 
StdShrs 4or 
19o2 
Slange 
I? 
4352 21 
SianAv 
JOe 
24o 
Star Sup 76 
1o53 
4 
Stardust 
Inc 
8o4 
J I , 
I 
Starr IMO 3o 
2*57 7 
I* 
I V , 
Steel rn I 24h J B I! 
5 U 7, 
7U 
SlepnCh 
AO 
31*9 
9 
I* ?. 12 
Sler I Ele c lr 
I I M l l 
7 H I3 
’ * 
Sli r lF x l IO 
463 14 
3», 
I? . 
Stevcoknlt 
34Jo 
4 6H 
Sir ut W 
7ob 
789) 
I 
IOU 
SueAnn it 
9So* 7 
7?* 
Sum m it Oro 
1276 6 
I 7, 
SunC’ty l .25 
8o7 
6 AU 
SunElec 
48 
279*1 t 
I*’ , 
Sunair 45a 
2o7* 
A IOU 
Sundanc 2op88*3 
AO 16', 
Sunsh Jr 
?4b 
Sib 6 
BM 
SupFdSv 
3?b l?48 IO 
17’ , 
Supercr 
1oc 
*9? 3 
A7, 
Sup md 1 
12b 
U M 6 
I 
4 
SupSurg Mf 
7137 8 
SH 
3H 
Susquhana 
47o4 
JA , 
IM 
Susquhanpt ie 13 
IIM 
* 
S u trV tq wf 
IS *? 
I* 

3H 
SM — 
12 
13"* a 
*M 
7H a u 7, u u a u h n u a 
I I H 
I I a 
U M 
U H a 
23 l l v* 
J I M a 
U H 
IS H l l a 
I? 
14V* 
U M a 
JIM 
24’* 
27’ * a 
77 
J J U 
251* a 
9* 
S U . eji-, a 
I OSM 
B IM 
1o2 a 
1o5 
9*v. us a 
224* 
9 
M i 
24* 
5 a 
J 
B H a a m 
SM a 
S H 
* H — 
J U 
SM a 
I H 
14. 
9 I* v* — 3 I* 
J U 
AH a 
IM 
7543 
2 94* 
J U 
7u a u s * 
5 J U 
47, 
* a 
64o* 
5 
I U 
AU 
AU 
S i; 
5 
17', 
12", 
IS M a 
1935 
4 74* 
AH 
* 
A 
938 
4 
17M 
IIM 
H M A 
27, 
J U — 
* is u a 
SM 
B H A 
ISM 
24M a 
M I ) 1* a 
27** 
J I H 
244* a 
IS 
# U 
144, 

 i m a 134 
M — J I 
BH a 53 6 im a 
17 im a i i 1 
J a 174 im a 14 3 
IH A 12 5 
JM a IS I 
J U a u s 
IM a l l 4 
J a 
J * a 
J H a 114 a l l 1, a u J a 
B7, a 1o,7 
♦ 
I a 
83 a U U A 147 2 f 
2'* a i i 1 f 
AH a 9? $ 
I t 14) 
M — 
I * 
IM a 4o* 

7M 
54* 
6 
— 
H 
U M io u 
»2 ^ a 
1’, 

17 *— ' " 

- 
7o 

4* a tt.s iv* a 2* 3 

?4* a i i i 
14, A 2* 7 
? H a 19 a 
M - 
I t 
* a *4 t 
* H a 217 im a 5*4 

 v ' t l \ U 
AH A 4^7 

A 18 5 

2M 

IM 
17' * 
V * 
3 

H - 
M a a 
SM a 7 
I* a 53 9 a i a so 
• 
IM a 54 6 
I U A 
>, A 
16 
4’ , 
SM 
H 
I 
A 5 
16 A AS 5 
3", 
4 
A 
' . A 
* 7 
13' , 1 1 a 
U U A 1*1 * 
S U 
IO U 
A 
44* a IS A 
8’, 
IS I* 
A 
6’ , A 
71 7 
SH 
6’ , - 
7, — 119 
I H 
17U 
V t 
J U 
SU 
SU 
I 

Synaloy 
2ob 
3o78 5 
7 
AH 
*M 
S in lex 
5o 199721 IO 
J * u 
2o 
23', - 
SyscoCp 
28 a s * 7 
194* 
I J ’ . I * ', - 
System Eng 1889? 27 
IO U 
4’t 
6’ , a 
T r ICO 
Inc 
16o8 
7 
2’ , 
V , 
I H A 
Talley In wt 
858 
* 
J U 
3", 
4255 
5 
15?, 
IOU 
IS 
713 
7 
TOU 
16', 
19', A 
S223 
V , 
H H 16 A 
1666 
5 
2 U 
2' , - 
11625 
4 J ’ . 
I U 
J U A 
24?8 
3 SU 
2?* 
AU A 
1o74 
H 
1*?» 
U M 174. A 
577 
5 SM 
3M 
74, A 
8*o l l 
17’ , 
S U 17 

SU A 
BJ i n a 6i 1 
IU a 31 J 
IU a J I J 
1 a so l l a 
4H 
V, 9 16 A l 
H a 72 6 
16 6 
SQ 
IH a 3)1 
? 
* 23 2 
IH - 
9 ? 
M a 
8 3 
4* a ?7 3 

Tandy 
Bmd 
Tasty 1 7oa 
Tech Sym 
T bene 1 Oner tochfl 
Tape 
Techtrl 
16 
Teton R 
Wa 
TeleCm 
72i" 
Teieiicx 321 
Tole* Cp wt 
Tiarna Cora 
Tenneco wt 
Tonnf 5 lop 
Tenney Eng 
Tensor Cp 
Teradyn le rra c 

3 
TU 
?V 
. I 
- - 
---- 
- 
U> 
Tx Pl. PIA 56 161oo 
58 
Texytar Ole 
14264 I 
7'. 
Textron wl 
915 
21H 

6oa 

6o81 
1)247 
6 
17318 
7375 
84? a 
9o? 175 
?25o 29 
1394o 

I U 
8’, 
TU 
44* 
TU 
I 

2H A IS 9 

S t * 
J 
I U A 78.6 
17, A 83 3 
4* A 
4 4 
AM 4 126 9 
9 
A 1o5 9 
5 16 I I 16 * 
25 

I " , 
3M 
3' 1 
9 
4' B ll 
64* 
19V. 

 thor 
Cp 
2162 
Thoro! 
Mkt 
1283 24 
ThrD D pl 
754 
3 
Thriftlmt 
A 
1719 
T, dwell 
Ind 
1863 
T ill aryl 
2o 
3oo5 4 
Tlm pletnd 
7682 5 
Tokhelm 6o 
62o1 
8 
Tolchm inst 
6o4 
TolFd pM 25 
73* lot Ed pl? 32 ll* 
BJ 
TolEd pl? 76 z.125o 
8 8 
TolEdpl 
IO 
524 
1o8 
ToppsGu 78 1918 
7 B H lo rin fp 
6o 
1165 8 U H 
T o la iP II NA 6184 
* I 
T o la iP tl wt 
8343 
TOMI pl 
7o 
11o6 
Town e n try 
7698 
J H 
Trans L u * 
3293 
3?, 
Treadway 
o5r 14J6 
4 
AU 
T r iS tV tr 8o 124o 
7 I S 1* 
Trlco md Q5e 
1o*47 
I 
I U 
TubosV lie 
45o1 2 
AU 
Tulle© 7Or 
2536 5 
T um rc 
I 4* 
12o4 7 
Tw inFd lr 
ABBO 6 
U tot 
I 2oa 
9 ?| 3 
U iP C p la 
1o432 6 
U N A Corjg 
1962 

,11 16 D 
U 
V t 
7? x A 
IM 
3 
A 
S U 
6H - 
I 
TH a 
5", 
7 
- 
3 
114* 

URSCp 
UVInd wl 
Unlma* Grp 
UnimaxG pl 
UnGasA 
69 
Un 
Invest 
UnAir Pd 
56 
Un Asbestos 
U nBrand wt 
UnCosf n 
5o 
Un 11 I oods 
U nN al Corp 

125 5 
7 
12o85 
5o31 I* 
821 
514 
9 
143? 26 
72 jt a 
11872 5 
18693 
614 
7 
61o9 
3o35 

3U A 
IU 
A 52 9 
IV , A 
3U 
A SBS 
IM — 
U *■ 
I) 
I ? . A 
’* 
A 75 
IU A 
H a A? * 
IO’ I 14 . A 
J?* 
A 35 ? 
9 
I V , A 
I k 
I D I 
53 
5? 
A 
AM A 
6 A 
2H 
AU A 
3H 
A 145 
IO U 
17' , A 
J U A 68 ? 
3? 5 u 
I I I I 
IM A IOO 
IM - 14 5 
V* A 11 I 
IH - 18 8 
S H A 
I I I A 9$ 7 
U U A 
8 ', 
A *9 9 
' U U 16 ll * A * 16 A 69 ? 
AB 
A3 ti 
A SM 
A I? 9 
82 
Bl a l l 
A 138 
TSM 86M A U M 
A 16 9 
99 
IM M A 
7", A 
7 6 
A U 
J U + H A B A 
BH U H A 
AU 
A A* 5 
A’, 
7H A 29 16 
A S3 J 
35 1615 1625 I* 
IAH IO7, 
IS 
A A 
A IAU i n z n a 
M a se 
I H 
J U A 
M A 3o I 
2H 
3H a 
H A 28 6 
S H io n - IM - 12 A 
3?* 
AM A 
IM a S3 I 
J U 
5' 1 ii 
3 u 
IS M 
3H 
Th j 7, 
AU 
AU 
AU 
9'* 
J ' , 
B U 
5 
J U 
AM A 
9?* 
I U 
97. A 
SM 
3 U S U I* — 
IM 
H 9 16 A 3 16 A 
SO 
IAU 
114* 
I J H - 
JI* — 16 I 
J ' , 
1 
IM — 
M - IO 
IM 
" , 
1 a 
M a 14 J 

Toady 
Vat#-. 
— - 
High M w 
R f 
( M T ) High U sa loot Clag u n jw t lp wr 
V3 I 
M I *4 I 64 —J 64 — 
75 
UnN etw t n 
17*7 
M I 32 3 31 aT J J a so 
U N .IC P pf 
64$ 
A U 
J 
I m a 
Th a 
J I 
U Piece Dy 
236* 
7T» 
3 ', 
S H — I 
— 21 * 
USSan Tr*t 
U to 
| 
J " . 
| a 
? U a J* I 
O S * ll lf 24 
43937 
9 U U 
I H 13 a 
AH a 5 ? 

 w ’ 
*4Jo ■ 5-i* T 1* s 1* *• 
'• a 
Ado 
U SN at R s rc 
*794 
4 S H 
3M 37, a 
H a 
IOU 
4®*s , , l 
3H 
I H SM a 
IH A 
1oo 
U S R b R 1* 
137$ I U U 
7 
IS a 
J U A llO S 
Um iak 
3o 
4o74 16 J J M l l j j i * I 
U M 
U nilyBuy S 
4*43 * IS H 
J U B H — 
I 
Univ Cig 
OS 
7oS 
4 
J ’ . 
? 
Univ Conter 
4)85 
3 H 
H 
Un I vRs Ola 
12941 14 I J H 
4". 
127, a I H A 212 ( 
U niv R un 44 
H B I 5 IO’* 
6 U 
I H a 
?M a AO I 

V t 
3M A 
IM a SS J im a i s 1* a Too 

U nv Say Al 
1613 
S 
14"* 
U U 
IM a 144 4 

 v 
- w 
- x 

Val IOSSI 
621 vaim ac 
7o 
V a lsp a r 28 v lO v C ait 
Van Odm 

175o 7 
*241! 
3 
1257 
* 
4137 
2835 
6 

A a 
I J H 
SM 
JH 
35 6 
IOU 
Veecoins 32a U BS 7 
U H 
Vert) md 
U2o 
$ 
5 
Verm tA 
AQP 
3954 * 
4o 
V e n v iro n 
>5331 
7 
J U 
V e rtlp il m c 
12*9 14 
J U 
V esely Co 
1o7* I* 
Viaied i 
Inc 
$12 
Viking Gent 
J$o6 
Vintage E n ! 
1483 
V 'Sh ay In tr! 1o.16 
4 
696 
7 

6 * 
I U 
J U 
IM 
SH 
AM 
IH 
147% 
2H 

* rh a 
I I H a a h a 

IO * a i f ” , a 

H a 
58 
IM A 36 8 
IM a 
At 

 a’. : t i i 
AU a IOO 
2 a 
I* A M i 
37 a n a la* ? a h a im a *8 2 
IM 
................... 
. a a i m a AO 
J 7, 
IM 
I H a 
M a 8 3 
2 ". 
H U I* - » I* - V 8 
7, 
2 
IM a 
H A 35 t v s n a y m t r t tot* a a h 
IM 
I n a 
V is u a lG r 
69* ? 
J U 
J ' , 
J 
Vol Vee 
1455 5 
J U 
2 
IM vepie* 
J?* s.io sj u h 
TH 
I I H A 
Vulcan Corp 
1*21 ? 
$ ', 
IH 
S H A 
V u k inc SO 
4o)o 4 U U 
A H 
I M a 
Vulc Inept 
I 
662 
U U ll 
14 a 
WTC 
Int IO l l 'S J 
6 
J U 
21* A 
W U I Inc IO 
9795 
J 
J I H IS M 
U M A 
Wabash 
J So 
5748 7 IIM 
J 7, 
IO1, a 
W scknhl 4o 
5752 
6 
B H 
5?* 
* U - 
W adeiEq 
IO 
73? as* 
I U 
I ’, 
WainocO Oil 
7oo9 15 
AU 
?'» 
* U A 
WaicoN son 
98* * 
24', 
U M TO?. A 
W a ila cS JOe 
251? 7 
* I . 
27, 
A H a 
W angLb 17 IM O ? 12 
2o 
IO U U H A 
W a n g lB 
22 
1736 1o 
ISM 
9?* 1JU 
W ard Fd s w l 
1o35 
IM 
Wards Co 
119o a 
SU 
WarC PICOS 
17o4A 
7H 
W asPsl p 
36 
5371 ti TSU 
W R IT 17* 
J53 ? U 
JAM 
W aned 
TO 
917 ll 
6 
Wei rn an 
Co 
111* 7 
3U 
W eldTu Am 
1*13 
5 
I " , 
Wet leo 
25 
913 IO AU 
West Ch P 
AO 
1461 6 ll 7, 
W T e * PIA 4o/479o 
53 

AU A $9 3 i n a lo ? ? 
IM A 
4* 
I a I J J 

4 ’ A* IS 5 
AM A 162 5 
I M - I * I 

 am a UA I e n t a* ? 
I U a aq 
A7* A 
SO 

West als PH 
W sl Dc al IO 
Wst F,rn 
15a 
W hippny *o 
Whitaker 
4o 
W hiiehal CP 

37o14 J* 
4689 ll 
5822 
5 
713 IO 
494 
6 
2646 
6 

2 
J 
?i n u n 
JH 
IU 
SM 
J U 
7*4 
A in 

W h lttakr wt HASO 
Wichita Ind 
454 2 
8 
Wmhous 3* 
33o? 
I 
Wilson Br 
.IO 
23?) 
$ 
Winkling 
4o 
3o4! 
5 
Win s u n M il 
I U ? 
* 
W ISP PIA SO 
7 436o 
W o ilH o w B 
2oU 32 
Wood Ind 
17o7 
Woo IL I o4m 
15 
3 I! 
Wore est Cli 
5o6 ? 71 
W orkW r AO 
33e6 5 
Wratht-r 
M e 
29 2 J 17 
Wright Mar 
1277 9 
V 
W v lrL a b 79 B i l l 
6 
*M 
W ynnln 15r 
72o) 
7 l l 

4’ 7 A 
25 
A 
I J H A 
•Th a i m a 
A H A a a 
I U a 
S IH A 
IIM 
9 ', 
V U - 
I ' *415 M 
J U A b u 
* n 
7H a a 
J a 
AM r * w 
V * 
* 1 

B H 

J U 
I U 

 t i l ' 

AU 
54’ I 
V 7 s n 
I H 
I I H 
17U 

2’ * 

A U 
23 
S U 
19' j 
5?< 
3' , 
AU 

(' 
3 
U H 
3 
U 7, 
3 
I '* 
2 7, 
3H 
)7. 
I H 
?' , 
JU 
I U 

, - 29 I 
JM A 83 3 
AU A A M 
M a 
3 * 

H a 26 I 
U - U 3 
I a 34* 
I a 2* 6 
JH A 65 6 
2", A 142* 
I 7, A 25* 
IH A 56 5 
3 
A it 4 
H - 14.1 

W vm Bn 
56 
Kames Inc 

 feroCo 7| 
Jim m er toe 

JIB ? 
9477 ll 

793 
5 
AIS* IO 

13 
JOH 

7’* 
JU 
V , 
Al 
I? . 
3 
H 
SM 
AU 
3 ', 
H 
3H 
7 
BM 
I I 

M - 4? 9 
IM A I U I 
IH A 56 5 
14". A 132 6 
* a 
61 
I a 38 i 
H a Al 7 i n a a 7 
7* A 
71 
7, A 11 5 
AH * 
IO I 
U - 
13 
J H A SA A 
IM A JA 5 
H A 
5 7 
A 
IM A 13 3 
A 
U ♦ 
2o 
A I I* A 14 3 
A l 
A 57 I 
I U A l l 5 
AU A 
IU A 6} 5 
J U A 
H 
A f l 
17, -r 
I* r l l A 
53 
A S 
A IO A 
H a 38 5 
V a a AS 5 
7, - 7 16 - 33 J 
* U l l 

U a 
IS’ * A 

Y 
- Z 

12 
?H 
4U 
Copyright by Th* Associated Press 

I H A 
7H A 
1*7* 

IU - 14 3 
4 U 
A 
76 
IH * SI 3 

JM A 
69 
4 
A 57 I 
?H A b I 
JU A 17 5 

I H A SA 6 
J 7, A A l* 

Sales figures are unofficial 
Unless otherw ise P o lad ,ra le *e ld ivld « n d »lh th afo ra go mg i able are annual disbor sam ants batad on Rielasi quarieriy or sami annual dad or at ion 
Spacial or exit* dividends of Payments not dasignatad aa regular ara 
'daotiiian in the following I oo moi rn a 
Also extra or axfras b 
Annual rate plus stock divldm d c 
Liquidating dividend a 
Doc I or od or paid in preceding I? months t - Oar I or ador paidafterstock dividend or splitup I 
P a id th isve ar .d lvianoom lttad. deferred or no net im taken at (ast dividend mooting k 
Declo,ad or paid this year an accum ulativ* issue with dlvldendsm arraor, n - Arew lasua r 
Dec I ar ad or pa I din p rate d log 17m onth*plus*tockdlvldand I 
P a id m slock in pr ac od I rig tj months, Agflmafad cash value 
• Soles in full 
Whan , akund w arrant* id to Ex 

 procodlng on ex dividend or exdlslrlbuflon do(e cid Called wn - When distributed ww 
With warrants xw 
Without wt distribution vi 
In bankruptcy orrocalvorthtporboingraoroam/ort mder the Bankruptcy A d . or UK untie* M s urn ad by such companies 
I 
Spill or stock dividend wnounting to 23 par cant 
Of mon- bas bean paid the a d change shown s from an ad ice. ted I97S clee mg price ati ins se sfocks listed prior to 1*76 

 iota! 197* 
*“ 
Total 1975 
TO M I 1974 
Total 1971 total 197? 
AMERICAN RONDS total 19 76 
Total 1975 
Total 1974 

*41 I * 299 M ore* 
B T . 1*1 4?1 M ar aa 
412 1*4.474 Mot aa 

1.117,97*,BT? M ares 

B m 
NEW YORK STOCKS 

S — T — U 

. J j p j b 
Solos 
Not la w 
R .f 
((wi, ) High lo w lost Chg 
SON ROS I 85 24oo7 
7 S I1* 46H 
S4M 
A 
AU A 
13 
SoNwEnTI 
3 
4137 
9 39U 
3?7, 
39M U 
6M A l l 6 
351o 
SOU 
43U 
SO 
A 
6H A IS 6 
J1QI 
$7 
S J" , 
5SH A 
IM -A 4 7 
" 45 
I JIM 
IO 
J$7, a 
SH A l l 6 
9* IO 6 JH 
SO?* 
62 
4 l l ? , A 23 7 
7o47 
. 
6H SM 
S N A 
H A 
13 J 
91o 
63U S IU t i ' i A 
U H A JO I 
*962 
I 
4o", J J M 
JS M A 
- 
SOU th Ind 5ob 33619 1327H 21 
17 
A 
SouROVl 68 
3769 
18 427, 34 
427, 
Sun SAM 
‘ 
- 
- — 
SwStFor 
Sw tFI pf I SO 
SwPbSv I U 4M25 9 
IS?* 
IV * 
ISM 
Spr’ n F d 
29o5 
6 
U H 
B H I ] 
Spar Ion 4o 
2991 
7 
13 
67, 
13 
A 
S p e rry H u tl 
*4*3 
8 
U M IO 
U M A 
S p rryH p f 3 
616 
37". 31 
37"* A 
SparryR 
9? 119176 IO 
S IH 
387, 42H A 

 ae jre * i i t l ’t it 
*2’, A 
I 
6U3 IO JA H 17". 
J I H 
IO 
24326 26 U H 
6U 
B H A 
ISO 
AJB* 25H 
U U JIM A 

I 
A 29 ( 
4H A l l 4 
I J H A 113 

SM 
SU 
3 

Sprm gM 75 
7o(5 
I 
IS ". 
IO’ * 
U M A 
S q u e rD I 1o 39*7o 16 
?97, 
?oH 
J7 7, a 
Ii', 
Squibb 
9* 63791 13 
JI M 
17 7, A 
W U - 

* ’, A I* I 
* U A 62 5 
* ' , A U 7 

 i i i 

IM A 
J '* 
6 H 
S h - i i j 
StaieyMto 
I 21187* 
6 
31 ’% 
I I H 
J I H — 
* H - IA I 
St Poor 
192a 
*2o7 
24?. 7!7» 74H 
A I ' , A 11 4 
St Brand 
I 28 
StdBr pf3 SO 
StBPam t 
4o 

27 
62154 12 4oH 
139 
SI 
17o77 J ) 69H 
1(6684 9 
41 
StQdlnd 2 3o 154936 IO 5*H ~*>’i 
SBH A 17 
S iO 'lO h l 3*57o74 13 
(O H 
6 1 ', 
76", A 
7’t 
SOO* pt3 75 / 694o 
59M 48 

StdOHCI 

JO U - 

4?M 
41 

* 
- 1*6 
I 
7H 

S td P ra ts UA 136(5 
B H 
SidPrud 
66 
5537 
13 
I 
Stands* 
IO 
*86o 
6 l l 7, 
StonWk I 12# US3? 
* 
I J H 
Sunray 
8o 
24*7 
U 177, starrett n j 11)4 
7 77’, 
StaM ul thy 
57 5o 
? H 
StaM Se I OS 
8457 
17H 
Stouten I 44 
25874* IO SOU 
Sterchi 48 
19oo 
? 
B U 
Star Drug 
7o 1o4455 17 71 sier I Pre 
Ole 
14141 
7 
6 ', aterndnl 4o 1 1938 IO 
I* 
Steven J I TO 45782 6 
26H 
SlevvWe 
I 96 
51oo 
I 
TSU 
■ 
■ 
ISO** I ) 
2*7, 
SIS 
14 
7131 
7 
63’ x 
?II2t 
5 
IS H 
4117* 
6 
7) 
I 
IIM 
7 
I S 7, 

Slot. VC 
I TO 
Stok VC p l) 
StoneW 2 5o 
Sion Con to 
StopShop 
I ■ 
Hor Tac *7* 25o21 
Store/B 
I 
2199 

SM 
SM 
B U 
J I 
6U 
U H 
I H 
1oH 
41", 
*"• 
IS 
4 ', 
IM 
I J H 
23H l l ' , 
IOU 
41’ . 
I I 
U U 
9 
J I H 
IOU 
36U 
* H 

5* 
A l l " , 
7M A 
♦H A 
I * ', A 
I I " , A 
I J H A 
22 ?h a 
Tm — 
U H A 
ABH a 
I U A . 
U H - 
6?, A l l 7, - 
IA U a 
34?* A 
TOU A 
17U A 
$7"* A 
U U A 
ISM - 
I I H a 
M M 

TH 

I U 
TU 
7H 
I 7, 
JM 
M 
I U ll " . 
IM 
I 
B U 
P i 

S ir,d R Ile 
IO 
TBH * ( S U 
U U 
U H 
StuWOr I J? 
17298* 5 4 j", 
36". 43V* 
St W P IA I 4o 
34o7 
SO", 
* U 47", 
StuWr ptB5 
397 
U ? 
64 
*5 
SuavShO toe 
154 U $ 
* u 
3H 
SU 
Su b PrG I o8 
11o53 I 73 
U H 21H 
SuCrekt $o 
3333 4 l l " . AU 
8 
SunChnt 
4o 
6666 I T i", 
( I U TI 
Sun Co 
I 27o68 
7 48 * 
267 , 
AI U 
SunCo p l? 25 
31215 
SOU IV * 5o 
Suebm I OI 748*3 U 2* U 
JO H 
24 U 
A 
Su n d er 
( 
A M I) * 
37", 17 
35H 
A 
Sundt.pt J 5o 142o 
S JM 
35H i i 'I 
A 
SunsMg U il?3 o 7 
| l 
13", 
BM l l 
A 
Super Val 
*6 
8247 ll 
IA U U M IA U A 
S u p rO ill *o 1o222 21 JA I" , 148 
237 
A 
Supm kG 3o 
1*7*3 * 
7H SM 
I t 
A 
Supm pl I JO 
JIB l l 
14', l l 
A 
Super»cpe 
34151 
7 AOM 
I* 
J J U 
A 
SuI/O M ig 
5*25 
7 ', 4 
IM 
A 
Swank la 
H J J * 7 
19' , U H 
U H 
A 
Sybron 14 37341 
9 ? ? ’ * 
U U 
U U A 
Syb m p f J 4o 33*7 
43 , 
J J M 
39', A 
S v ilro n 
777* 
J U 4’* 
S 7, 
A 
T 'cor 
I 
24416 IO 
19', 
U M 
U M A 
T R E Corp 
J6564 
14 
H U * H 
* H 
A 
T R W In 
1 4o 
*9157 * 
38’ , 
?*H 
36>* A 
- ' 
*“ 
-AJA, , off, . atf 
, 

!»« 

' 6 
17 
17"* 
J I H t 
IH 
J U 
IH 
U H 
J I 
U U 
A 
U M 
I* ?. 
H 
I I H 
73", 

 l i t 'i 111 , JIO to?* 
63’* 
*4 
8 
H " . 
I ' , 

TRW p44 TS 
27 
TRW pt4 4o 
7314 
TRW pf4 5o 
63o* 
?l 
Taft Bm 
8o 
*1o9 I 
32’ J 
Taleph Nat 
*7o7 
I 
Tanay 
6o 
2o4$7 $ ll 
T#lleyptO 
I 
8287 
U H 
Tam p fl 
I t ? 
577o8 * 
TOH 
TendyCorp 1667*1 l l 
4 ?H 
Tandy wa 
U U 
4? 
T an d vcd t 
3*112 
I 
J I H 
Tappan 2o 
U M I l l I I M 
S U 
I V V A 
Tteenier 
2o 
77913 ti ABH l l 
1*H A 
1e.tm .v6t/ 
BA U 
? 
* H 
S H A technicon 
47o84 U I* ’* 
* l l ' 

I 
I 
I M 
J U 
I m 

 s 7‘, 
IM • 
B U 

A 
6 * 
A 
396 
A 399 
A 
(1 $ 
A 
24 2 
A 
I? 5 
A 76? 
A •4 * 
A 49 4 
4 IU 4 
A 
346 w 
14 ) 
A l l 9 
A t i 1 
A 
V 
A so 
— 
4 
A 
A 9 
A 4? * 
A 
1o 3 
A 
8 * 
A 
I* 
A 41 * 
— 
B l 
A 
IO 7 
A 
9* 
A 
I* 2 
A *41 
A 
$7 
A 5o7 
SO 
A to 
A 25 5 
A 146 I a 
77 I 
A BOB 
A 
I* 3 
A 
I N 
A 
6* * 
A 
? J 
A 88 4 
A 
AS 
A 
J* 4 
A it 1 
A 
IS 7 
A 
72 7 
A 
6* 
A 
17 A 
A 
I t 7 
A 
4 4 

7* 
A 
36 
A 

 l f * i 
♦' I A 
U M A 
IOU A 
, I 
4 ? ', A 
I I M 
At 
I V , 
I S ', 
SM 

42 
4? 6 
''•I 

8 7, 
ISM to! 

. Y A 
I m a 
* 7. ♦ 29 J 
S H A ll* S 
JU * 4o 7 
JM A 3 4) 
I U A Ta I 
U M A 
62 

IM A 
1} 
SM A IS A 
V U A *4 7 
U A 
4 * 
IM A SS 9 
T Ak Iron* 
36 
21764 l l 68H 
44'* 
*■', A J I H A 52 7 
A J I I 
47H A JIA I 
TH 
*9' I 
IQI 

I H 

. 
I U a 
. JH 
A 42 * 
• 
I , a Tm a so i 
U 
36?* 
A 
U t V t 

 teiACOf IO IV A ) 
6 
U H 
S 
T Aledn I ASI 88)51 
I 
IO U 
J J U 
Teladyn pf* 
Bl* 
115 
* J 
I el Apr rn pl 11 U SS 
11". 
SH 
Tete, Cp 
S U S ? I ) a h 
( 7, 
Twine© 111 
174*43 
* I7 H 
26' 
I anne pts SO 
1?o8 l l * ', 97', 136 a 
M U a J* 3 
T tW iroR et 17*7*1 
I I* 
U U 
I* 
9 
J U 
A I* 4 
T*»or pf J 16)4986 
J I H 
M U 
7*W A 
S H 
A I* T 
Texaco 
2 3S7386 
* J I M 
J J U 
J7 H A 
4 H A 
It 7 
TexCom 1 (o m u TI 43', M<, 
J7 H 
A J U a * a 
TAxikt l l s 
3856? 
* AO7, 
28 > 
667* 
A I I 
A 41 6 
TxET p f! AD 
1oo8o 
J I H 
24*. 
J I H 
T i t - 
---- 

Yearly 
Nigh law 
Sa le i 
Not 
E l 
(KaIx I High ta w U n Chg 
U A L in c e u u u * * 
.. 29to J I M 
J * ’, — 
I " , — 
5 3 
UAL pi 
AO 
*o* 
79", 
I I M 
I * ' , — 
TH - 6 3 
UOTCp I AO 
4851 I 19 
II M l l ' , A 
S H * 39 8 
UG I Pf 2 75 
919 
3o M 
77 
3o 
A 
IM A 13 2 
U M C Ind I 1o493 
9 15H U H 
U M A 
AH 
A 41 7 
U M C T Yr 
7243 
2H 
M 
I U 
A H 
A 
5o 
U O P 
JJS 
24351 
IS H IO 
U H A 
AM 
A 44 4 
UV Ind I 5o 2*567 
4 IS H U H 
S IM A 
U H A 59 $ 
UVIn pf5 SO 
*7 
641* 
56H t i 
A 
7> , 
* I I J 
U V U pf I St 
477 
4 7 
24 
AIM A 
U U A l l 6 
U A R C O I IO M U 
I 
IS U l l 7, 
2o ', A 
M 
A 
* 
Unfree to 25*2 
5 
I I H 
7H 
IIM A 
3H A Al 3 
UnTlLt I toe 
188 * 37 
117, 
2|M - 
S H - 16 1 
Uni N V I l* e 
U T I 6 ASH 
39 H 
Av I. A 
AH A IO 6 
Un Bancp 
*4 
U7*| I I U 
IM 
U H A 
AM A 48 5 
UCamp I to 
314221 U * 7 ', to ", 
**H A 39 
A 39 9 
U n C arb ? 5o13o*98 * 
7*H S IH 
*17, A 
H a 
I ? 
Un Com m rc 
B IS ? 
B H 
* 
7M 
A IM 
A l l I 
Union 
Corp 
3oo9) I I IO", 
A7, 
* 
A 
IU 
A I I I 
UnE lac 
I 36 
44335 I 49 
IIM 
IS H A 
TH 
A V I 
AOM J ) 
4o 
A 
7 
A J I ? 
A* A 
AO 
AS", A 
AM A ll 
S IM 64 
SOU A 
7'« 
A 1*9 
SO 
45 
SO 
A 
7 
A 16) 
M U 
61 
7)M A 
IIM A JO S 
3oM 
? * '. 3o", A 
AM A U S 
IS M ti 
IS " , A 
U M 6 2)9 
9o 
7* 
S I U A U H 
A 19 9 
6 
3 H 
5 
- 
U - A I 
SBM 
AO7, 
SBM A IIM 

Yaorly 
High lo w 

Un Et pl 3 So 
U n ! I pf 
A 
Un#! ©USO 
U n EI p*4 56 
Un£i pl* 4o 
U n it pii 7? 
UnEI pl? 44 
U n E 171 pf I 
Un 
Fidallfy 
U n O C al? 1o6oo81 
U O C ap t? SO 7o88 
UPaecp 
U n Pac pl 
Unlona Inc 
52(o 

7*41o 
1339o 
UA 
?32Jo in t o 
2745 
126 
IBA 
53oo 

7*2 5o 7o*1 
7*H 
S JM 
?6 H A 239. A 4$ I p 3 48 
42299 14 1o7M 7* 
IW M A JA’, ♦ J ) I pf 47 
112o 
U N 
U M 
T7H A 
4 
A J* 4 
Unlona Inc 
521o 
7! 
U n,royal 5o66o75191 
IO ", touryal pA| 
( 3f 
*4 
Un I’ B ra n d , 211)7 12 H U 
U n » m d P IA 
377o 
U H 
UnitCp lie 
IAJ77 
,oM 
U n E n R i I 3J 
*3o5o $ 
275, 
U F in C a i 24 19299 
8 
U U 
Un G o arnfy 1562o U 
U H 
Utllum 
2 44 
*?*? * 
JJM 
Utllum pf7 ID 
IS? 
25 , 
U n ,find 6ob SOM 
I 
24 

T H U I* 
IM - 
H - l l 
, 
I'-, 
B H A 
IH A 2? 7 
J I l l " / A 
U M A 17* 
SM 
IO ', A 
A7, A W 
I 
6H 
U H A 7H A 
1V 
TM 
IOU A IM A 
43* 
14 i f ’ft A IIM 9 r f * 
I U 
U 
A 6 
A 
TOO 
7U 
H H A 
6 
A 
*1 I 
JIH 26H A 
J H A I* * 
24 it 

Unit Inn IO 
?o4l I 
7' t 
U Jar Bk 1 o4 
494* 
* 
13", 
Unl’ MM to 24387 
IIM 
Un Nor if 
14679 I? 
AIM 
UnltEk Min 
BM? SJ 
J 7, 
UndRafO 
56 
88o6 
IO !?H 
U SFO S I M e 
4158 
I* 
USFtdG 
I ti 
35281 U Si 
USOyp5 
I to 4746o 13 26H 
U SG yp t I IO 
163* 
79M 
US Nom I* 5*o5o IO 
IOU 
Uflnd 
4o *8321 ll 
8 
U S L e ik g 32 
1*119 6 
U U 
U S RU yTny 
SOB? 
3H 
U S S ’ or 1 TOSIfliOl 
7 
JIM 
U S S ire i I JO 1547*19 
57 , 
USTotvK 
I 
*334 12 
?*' , 
Un Tech 
I JO 75*221 
I J* ?, 

*M 
4 I 
23' , a 
U n 
A I I * I 

3 •» 
7 , 
A 
K 'N '•* 
AM 
SM 
A 
I 
* it I 
S N 
I ) 7, 
A 
4 
A r f I 
B H i v , 
— 
TH — to J 
IS H 
” 
? N 
A 
1*7, 
A BB J 
IM 
A 
IM 
A lf? J 
U H 
U U 
A 
J u 
* to 5 l l 
V U 
A 
7H 
A 
16 
JJM 
SAH 
A J I " , 
A 64 I 
U H 
ISH 
A 
*H 
A U t 
J J M to*A A 
SH 
A 75 6 
S U 
I U 
A 
IM 
A 53 5 
SH 
I 
A 
BH 
A H i J 
* ', 
U M 
A 
J H a se 
IH 
7H 
A 
H 
A J I I 
U M 
75H 
A 
AH 
A J I 5 

UnTnch p l! 
1o8*1 
Un Ten pl 7 37 
185* 
Urn T e ll JO *424* IO 
U n ite ) wt 
1o511 
UnTH pH SO 
476 
Un TI t o " & 
1364 
Unltrod IO USo5 IO 

ASH 
ABU A 
I* H 
TSH A 
JOH 
J* 7, A 

*' I 
IM 
IS 
I M 

V S H IH M V I ’ 

Urnv#c $6 
4536* to il eat 
UciObn 
I 
U S I IF f 
_ 
U k l'teF 96* 
Ut#nt»L 
3 12 
U’E l B U IO 

 ll* 
JO U 
77, 
W M 
. 
JA7, 
B H 
U H 
I 
J* 
$77* 
1o2721 15 
65475 
7 
IIM siso u u 
2?462 *.. AAH 
77H 
4121 
I I H 
79M 

V — W 
— X 

>o4 
14', 
IM 
JI H 
U U 
4' I 
9' 1 l l ' I 
JAH 
I I H 
*7, 

IH M 
1*7, A 
J U A 
I I 7, ■ 
IA U 
? H A 
IO7* A 
3o’ * 
J I , 
Ti 
U M A 
AAH 
9 

 a i t I 
A 36) 
A J I T 

VA CP I IO 11731 
I 
28 U 
VS'Corp 
61 
35*4 6 
TO / 
V*ll*ym 
« 1o9434 
I 
* ', vee ton 
J I 
47o61 11 
V U varo Inc o5e 
*7o43 S 
U U vendo Co 
4651 
6 H 
5*67 
6 
7 ilfT 
15 
5*63* 
* 
31 
Viacom Int 18)o3 l l 
U M 
V iclg rC m OSP8)3* 
I 
V a f E w I 14 1)4*25 
* 
IS H v a l P pl4 o4 
1 4o7o 

V-'OU VU 
«■ 
Venice 
JO 
54 v e t) Sa I H e *19 
V#tco lOe 5663 

V e t * pl4 12 
V a |R PAA JC 
V a t P pit oo v a | R pl 
5 
V a f b pf’ *1 
V e t P P II 14 va ER pf* 75 

/H ic 
‘S F 

X 
UT 
ISH 

 i# n , 

% t 

I * 7, 
I I M 

 i t 
AH 
IM 
) H 
U M 
I* , 
7't 
J 7, 
U H to 
3* 

■ 
I t ’ * f iM u 
- IM > 
8* l l 7, 
I ? ' , 
I* . t v , 
|T 
8? ’ 1 

1 1 H 
I I H 
IM ■ l f 
I 1* 1 
SM 
AM 
U M A 
TO M - 
W U ♦ 
? H a 
IS H * 
46 
48’ * 
A IU 
47’ , 
4 5 , 
5* 
4* 
5?H 
? 7 . 
I * i 
I ) 
IOO 
IO?7, 

 r 
: t i 

518 A 3* 5 
Tm a S i 
I 
SU 
3M A 8* A 
U A 
4 1 
U U 4 *5 1 
S ', — l l 
I I A 47 I 
J U ♦ J I I 
V U A *2 J 
J ’, A I J J 

J 
- 1 2 1 
I M * 6 3 3 
H A S S 
3 
A 
J5 
J 7, A 79 5 
J U * 
63 
M A 
J 
IM A V 5 
7H - 
17 t 
IU a 2o * 
J " , A *6 3 
IH a l l I 
6* , A I* 5 t i : I t i ll 
A 24 4 
BH A f i ) n u a Ti s 
I I 
A 
J J 

J I 
27H 
JO U 
I * 
FT of J 87 1oo69 
I Ok T j 
M JI 
T i Ok pl I SO 
257 
A?H 
21', 
ABH A U H A 
*7 
I a , Ind lb 
3*25 14 
14 
I I H 
ISM A 
J U A I ? I 
Tex In kl 
I J J 
MCI* J* I TBH 
93U 1o7H A 
?», A 
• ) 

I ex G at 
J 
IJJ* ? 
* 
Al 
2* 
47', a W M a 6* 5 

TexU 

I ex Int 
63587 U 
B H 
S U 
B H A 
3H A 5* J 
'N ® 8, % » K i i !!" S , J I i i V a ! 
■ Ut') I I I 1381I.no. I ) U 
V U 
H H a 
U A^ 
4 ) 

 l h - l l I 
? H A 36 2 
J j H i 

37H 
J J U 

I . U 

TexM lt I 36 3*64o l l 
Text, Iud 
TOTH 
Textron 
I to t o m 9 J I N B 
Text? pl J OI 
3o4o 
I I M 24 U 
Tex lr p l! AO 
9*2* 
W M U U 
Th,oXo. 
84 m u 
7 
I I H U H thorn B d l l 
1o452 I* 43 
Thorn In 46 
X U ) l l 
U M u o rn JW 
IO 
(256 
I 
I7N 
Thr)4tbg r f IO M I l l 
BM 
T d w iM r 4o 
4JO? 
8 U H 

33 
I H 
TM 

 i t n 

W U 
4U — 
?7> t A 
14 H A 
I s m a 
1*U A to1* a 

V 
A 
S U A 
I i 

*7, A 55 6 
6H A 2o? 
S M A i f J t'% A H S * 
2H A 
42 it I 
Tigor int to 
62**7 
I 
U M 
'OM 
U U - 
IM - YO * 
Tthlotne 
I IS 
M U l l 
W H 
V U if 
A 
SH A 17* 
Ttm aM if *o J ? U l t J I J H r f * 2} a 
4U a 24 J 
Tirnkna ie * a * 2 A IO 
S IH 
U H S3 
A l * 
A 4) 2 tion r tty 
T il? * s i 
T*m t i T *u a s h a s i * lobm R 
U t 
IM * b m a h 
S H a 
IU a 271 
14 
Todd Sh ip rd 
S)4S 
T o lBd fk? I I H T M 
* 
H U 
Tonka Cp 4* I T i l l 4 
T i'* 

TM 
I 
I J H 
M U a 
IM a i i 
A. av 
CA t 
- 
>o 
U M A 
IN 
A U * 
Toot Ao1 4ob I I I ) IO 
I " . 
A U 
7 , 4 
M a 
U 
T r ar or 
2o 
o?*5 
7 
U U 
4’ , U U A 
7H 
* IS I 3 
TranaCo I o* U7*4 IO )*1, 
U M )4 H ♦ I7 f I ? 7 
T ra n U n l 
7*18)1* Yr 
37 
29 JB N 
A 
7". a 24 4 
TroniW Alf 
'o36*4 J5 
IS H 7", 
H H A 
IM A SI 7 
TW Apt 
I 
1451 
U U 
H H I* 7, A S H 
A 46 7 
Tram am 
6* lL > * )* 
U H 
I " , 
U U A 
SM A 7o 2 
I r anvp ’ 4 VO 
S JI 
HA 
*5 
1o4 a 
Al 
A *5 I tronmc 
192 
WM 
U H JOH 
TSH A 
IM A 4 9 
TrBnkCb 
*o Bt*)? 
I i i ’ , I , 
U U A 
I IM A IM S 
Tr a n im 
$1 
9*4? 
I 
U M I 
U H A 
) ’ . A r f tn $2 
9*3? 
I® U M f ' 
H H A 
.B t IS O I S I ) 
I ? ' , 
JS M 
27'a 

Tri Iou M IM 
» ? ) 
T fi# n in d *oj SIO* 
Irto n g R c *6t W U I* U H 
Tr tnt yin 
IO 13H49 
* 
J ) 

 f e a s t s A 
^ r l 
, leon (en 
SO 
AMJ* * 
IS 
I H 
It 
T ecol ab aOIBaM I I 
U U 
U M 
U t,iw c o r p a 
1 a***? t r * u t 

IH 
?H t 
BM 
U H 
ISM 
IIM A 
V , A a l 
JA '. 
I 
A 
S H A 12 
Ti m 
Ts«, a i m 
U H - 
M - 
( 

IM a US 
I N A 

W H A UH t i t ? 

 p*9 7S 

V a ER pf? a v a t R pl? 4$ 
VOfnadO mc 
H W ? IO 8H 
Vulcan M b 
I )6o*t IO 29 . 
WebR PAA SO s it 
52 
W ar hove 
5o 
? 15*1 it 23 
W a ch p t? JO 
334) r f '* w a c h P i t y 
* o 7 ) 
SM 
WfiABart 
IO 
29o75 t* U H 
Watgrn I to 
*688 I V U 
W lk r * I «oa 
*885 * 
J I H 
W al'Buk 
PO 
Wit * 24U 
W ad Mu 
1 
1oo75 I 
72 
W a lM p ft 7o 
86 
)/ ' ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ 
Wan jim I lr 
**7)1 * *4 . m u W M a J a Sa 
Wan J pl I 
1*4 
I ? ’, io u T i', a I U a I) 2 
Al 
J I M 
Al 
* 
S H A 
4 4 
U H 

W : 
U H 
J*'1 
J H 
I V , 
U M 
74 
U H 
I V , 
I I H 

SH a 
I ) 
U 
1 a 23 1 
I) a T i ) r f * A U S 
M A t i 

' i i : s t 
IM 

 l l w 
B i 
IA U 
5H 
24' 1 
St 
J I • A 
I 7, . 15 ♦ 
56M A IIM A Al 7 
AM « 
IH A 
SO 
IS ", A 
? H A I i i 
ITM a 
SH A ti * 
J I H * 
"* A 
* 
I I M A 
I t A l i t 
11", A IO 
A l ? 
37- , A ISM * 7o 5 

W aif jo t I to 1o4*o 
War d e l 
4?' 

 ti' » 
IS 
M M 
U u 
17 
U U 
94 
* j ' , 
I I H 
IS 

Warnaco 6o, 
1567* 
Went pf ISO 
I t i 
W arn s I r f 
»?5 *~ ? 
W rnCom BO 7 1o41 
I 
W rn f p*4 25 
463 
W rn C p ll IS 
U ?3 
W rn e rto *o 2o5* 
Warner L 
I 
WothGv 
I rn 
Wain Net 
IC 
WakN pf? SO 
WethSfi 
I 
Wa* Wet 
I 74 
.. 
WfkioM toe 
)>78? I? (J** 
W atoin I ii i i S3* 15 
35M 
W a, Go* 
48 
JOCl 
I B 
WayG pl 1 « w e *. 
Unit 

S H 
BM - 
IM — IS I 
I J U 
I " , 
TM - 
I H — ' i i 
(IM - 
IM - 
M U A IAH 
76H A f 
B i 
A l^M A Ai I t a i 

 i » H ' 
Bi * 
2o5* 
I 
1o'1 
6 , i * , A 
IM A 4) 4 
117* 5* 14 a , t r , a u - 
5 , - is 1 l l * 't 
? !> 
JJ 
I J H . 
)H A TO I 
I I U 
'4 
J I 
25'* 
3) 
A 
7 H 
7U 
5 a u h 
Tim a ii'.'B i 
U H 
IIM A 
SM A 4*5 r f , 
J I N A 
SH A l l * 
* ’« 
U M A 
*H A 86 A 

: r 
U H 
? i ' 

U 
I I H 
A’, 
7 H 
U M 
WM 
4 
AH 
D M 
IS H 1 
SM i ' 

I N - 
( 
IM A SS 3 
*5 : St 
IM A l l * 
J H A 84 * 
Weafhrf SO 
WabbDel t 
32924 12 I i 
I H 
* ' A SH 
A IM ? 
W e u W k i 71 
2o*1 9 It 
U M 
IS M A t a to I 
W #II*F rgo 13596o 
I 
?» 
IS H 
It 
A I V , A J« 2 
W e)'Fry Ste I U ? I I 
B H 
CH 
B H a 
4' , A 
75 
Woke OF 7o 
1*99 I 
IO 
IO 
U U A BM 
A 97 4 
W IP B p i A se 
1*4 
SB t v I it I 
A BM 
U ' 1 tot* 
H H 
I?M 

Rpti 
: , m-. j?-, 
WiRtPNp 2 4o 1o895 I 
AIM 
WkicdTr 
194 
SM * 
2?M 
Rh r f 'r i tot 
« S | ? I I 
U H 
We Brie 
I 4o 
1497) 9 
K H 
W nN ar* 
4ob 
19V1* 5 
IS H 
We P a . md 175/9 
* 
U M 
W nRyp l *On f i l l 
6 
I * ’ , 
W Ln.p n I 4o Bl 7oa Ti 

* ' , 
A l l I 
AH A 111 
*H 9 U t 
IO 
A 
N A 1.1 
W ; v ; It 

WnUn pf A to 
555 
We Un pf* BO 
19* 
Wr.Un pf 
A 
WO i i i ) 

W H 
S I7, 
SI 

WnUn pf2 5* 
Wes’gEl 
92 
Wang p lie o 
W aif be 1 r f ?9o8*A 
7 

BS 

Y 
. ” 1 a 
Wkly PCP l a 
*184*3 it I 
JAH 
I V , A U 
A ABS 
W typ rp I SB n j ) s 
IS M 
U H 
23 
A 
I 
A W 4 
W tyarh r 6o 11147)2* 
ABH 
37 
4 *U A 
* H A TS 3 
W t y r p t I M 
1*871 
BBH 
*<* 
■— 
IF , 
— 
* — 

IN i i i . 
H H 
* 
U , 9 l l A 1)5 A 
U H 
U M 
* * H A 
SO 
2o 
A A 
A 
?5 
I ’ M 
A SH A U S s* a ><••» a i i 1 
• IU 
A * U A 
V S 
ITM 
... 
HH a AM a JI I 
ASH 
A SH A 
6 4 

IS * 

W h ae iFr 6(e 2o>59 U S I H 
B f 
S H 
W naii L 
Whee, Rd 
SII 
W ha1 Rn pf* 
What Rd B tl 

 i l i a 

2?4 

 l l t 

AAU 

TSH l f , 
J ’ to 

BM A 3* 7 
(A U A » 4 
I H A 
*6 
I m a u s 
BM A 34 * 

S a lt* 
Ne* 
R C (Skrfa ) High law Lott 
Chg 

W h irIpol 
6o**477 U 14?. 
22M 
77H A I H 
A 
I ) 
W hilecdn* U 5o*o4 
7 J I N (S U n m 
A SM A 
431 
WhiCn pf A ) 
46 
SIM IS 
M U 
A 3 
A l l 
W h ile pet J 
748 
J ? 7, 
JA H IT M 
A 
I k I 
* 7 
W hite Mot 
56711 
* 
) H ? 
- 
M - 
I I 
W h itin g ! JO ISS 
A 
75H 
U H J I 
A U H A I ? I 
W h ita k e r 
11)588 l l 67, 
I 
B U 
A IM A 
IOO 
WlfkOk 
U r 
378o1 
IO U 7, 
W.obdtSi 
3? 
TWI 
I 
BH 
WtllmsCo* 
I U SH S IO 
79 
Witlms pf 8o 
163 
5o", 
W iim rO 
Ile 
!Jo*? * 
IM 
WmnDx 
156 
1*553 U ABU 
W in n D i* R 
474 
67 
W innebago 
51o74 
JA BM 
W inter J IO * 
3816 ? 
U M 
U U 
U M 
W lkcEIRyy 72871o IO 
32 
IA U 
J I H A 
J H A 
8 7 
WikE p ll *o 
178 
3o6M 8* 
IO*’, A 
TH 
A 7 8 
W .kE pl? 75 
IM 
95M (A H 
H u 
A 
B U 
A U I 
W lkGnk I 7o 1372? 14 
JO H 11 
IQM A 
JM A 
7o 4 
WikG p*2 55 
V57 a 
TSH 
W 
A 
3H A 
14 9 
W ilt P l 
14o 
1186o HI 
22H 
U H 
T IU 
W IW Pf, I 48141*8 1^ i i 
IS H 
TTH A 
4’, A 
26 J 

BM 
I ) 7, A AH A 52 ( 
4 
*"» 
A IH * ti I to 
U H 
38 
AAU 
’ I 
- 
J 
SM 
BH A I 
A V A 
IA H 
ASH A TM A l l 6 
A l’ * 6) 
A 17 
A JA 
5 t i t 
V * 
A 73 I 

W ilco I AO U2*3 
IO U 
79H A 
I U A I* * 
W itcopf J *5 
13* 
J I H 5 (", 7 )H A I I H 
A Al I 
W 'ttrO 6o 
HSA? 
5 
? I H IO 
U M A S 
A SO * 
WotvrW 
)oe lilt 6 
AU 
J U 
AH . M A U * 
Worn#) (O 
41 All** 
* l l ' , 
ICH 
U H A A 
A 45 ‘ 
Wood CP 
1oe H W * 4 U H 
5", 
TH A 
Th* 
A to 
WoodRet 
» JA W IT 
22 
IS H 
TOH A U M A JI? 
Woiyytn 
I JO n i l l 
7 
77', W H 
U H A 
J H 
A V 
Wotw pf J a 
3477 
W M i v * 
W M A 
BM 
A l ll l * 
H A l l I 
IM 
A 4 4 
S 
A 87 
AM 
A *3 
N A ll 
788 A 14 5 
• H a a lf 

W orld Air 
S i l l 71 
B H J H 
AH A 
Wrtg'y 
7 4od 
456* 9 
M M 64V* 
TIM 
A 
W orn,e» 
4o 
2*67 
5 V U 
S H 
U H 
A 
W ytam to 
M itt I ) 
H H 
B H H 
A 
W yly Corp 
JV A * 
AM 
IM 
I H A 
Karo*Cp 
I a 
287*o* 166IH 
4i 78 B M A 
Mire inc Ole 1*665 IO U M 
IM U M 6 
Y-Z n i l l mg 
* 1)1 IO 
I I H t u it 
• 
I* * * 
>• 
I 

 t le O vp 
I t 
,2833 7 
U M IYM 
I* 
- f " . -a JA ? alap*A to 
171? 
TOM l l 
D 'N - I M - I * * 

 a p i l i SOb 
IB 3 7o 
6 
I* 
U M 
T i 
6 l a a 
I opals Pf I it 
84 
64 r f ' , 
A 
IM A 
IT ayre 
Corp 
»t«35 
* 
AM 
S>, 
TH A 
IM * rf I 
Zan d h R ad I 74o63 I ) 
4oH 
I I H J I M A 
A". A lf lu m in a 
At to m U 
U H 
BM IAH 
A 
S H A » I copyngnt by Tho Aatodafad Rraa* 1*1* 

Sal**, flour ax are unofficial 
Un'eke ether * ,,4 naiad, ratakd fd lvlaand ainfh a la r* going lab)* are annual dlkb." komonii batad apt fhalakl doerierly or tom, annual declaration 
Spoclot rn oxtra dividends or paymonf* no! doalgnofod a* ragt"ar ara 
,demit.ad la the following I not not OB a Alsu ayfra or oxfroe t> Anno#! rata RI us Mock 
O'V ia n d c - I too, dating dlv'don* a Oar I ar Ad Or pan rn preceding lf month* 
,- Ow 'aradar pa dofrw ih>. > dividend or kpiitup ( - R aid th U y a a r d ivleng p in ittad . defer md or ne arfg n taken af fat! dividend amating k 
Declared or paid Nil* year an acc qmolat'ye na ce aith dc vdendk n#rrear % n 
Stow leauo r - nor 'a- eel or p aid 'np racad m g U m onthkR lg tttoc kdiylpoad t 
Roto 
In stock rn procodlng I? month, e n 'mated rdeh vdlua on ex d’V'dwid Or axdiklnbution ddU I - BMo8 th loll cid Called od 
KWun d'klrlbuiod wl WHa* loeuad vwv 
W in w arrant, xw 
W ith e * e a r rem , xd'k -Bx d'BtributiOn vt 
In benkruptcy orrarafvarWi'pdrROAngraergon.iad 
,eider the ftonkrugicy Art. or Mcurltioe poaumad dy 
Web rompon>en t - Split or Mock dividend amounting lo SI par cant or mote- hat bean ne to 
The na* mange khr from 4o to 1 us!«<1 1*75 doling price on fhoie listed prior to 1976 
Total *978 
Total 197k 
Tolai 1*74 total 1*71 
Total 1*72 

 kl ack* 

Q: How . deep is °o the fgTp* 
(ftsdfic) 
Ocean? 

A: 36,198 feet Bt (he 

 t ie r p r s t spot. 
For more facts on nature, arum*!*, ecology and the environment, art your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac «nd 
Hook of Facts-the fascinating and informative hook with answers to nearly any querfton Priced at only 13 2S. it’s the book bargain of the year 

’age 
6-G 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 save 

TME 5& PO-IOE^ EFF EC TIV E 
SUNDAY. TAN. 2 
”TWr2C?U2il4 
WEDNESDAY, TAN. 5 

 aOOD A r A U - FOOD err/ <S7D12e3 IM 
<5AN AMTOMlO OMA UNIVEI2SAL. C ITV 

JLX 

TD UM fr d u a m t it ie^ / 

FWEs&H 
D'ANTDU 

P E A K S 
PCX/MO& 

FOR 

3 Le>. 

J V*‘ 
DEL. M DM TE O JT - 
' -C- ‘V* 
___ 
GREEN a e A x i e . ' 

|<S O X . C A M S 

FOR 

VAN £AMPS 
PORK. ^ 
BEANS 
Na 3 o o C A N ^ 

Eft - •>. L-*: 
******** ******** 
***************-**** ** 
; We Accept [I 
Food Coupons; 

FOR 

:oM6>r?A/N 2£ az. ©ox 
COMET iii? 
RICE 
I 

< 
I 
J * 

LIMIT A 
P\JfzAS&- 
39 

S U N D A Y 
JO AM T U , 7 PM 

(SOVNIT 
INSPECTED 
FRYER 

QUARTERS 

WM ITH M EAT 
JTJM&O PAOC. 

LB. 

Ic. 

 yOUNksi b E E F 
RIS 
STEAK 
O U M B O BAC*. 

LB. 
I 

' 

 yOUMda b E E F 
M I i g / 

I IL--* 

UVAA&O P A C #- 

LB. iw 
<7»-W 
/riKanaw 
/S iW 
'%-rX 

J2ATWS eOLOaNA/5yALAMl/5PI6eP| 
L U N C W M E A T 
* 

CaNTAPlNA 
TOAMTO 
SAUCE 

£> OZ. CAMS 

FOR 

••ifS S I® ah i 

*^EVEN 6 T E A K 
O R . ■ 
SMOULDER 
ROUND yo\jK?y seer 
.ju/aco pack 

^AKiGwer 

BATHROOM TISSUE 

4 r2oU_ PACK. 

MC Ca 

CHICKEN 

 m o z & j * 
2 lit s o x 

FEEN 

H2oZBN 
"2 ua feA<3 

 t 

 p cfU A siu e ***1* 
M W S r W lL fi 
Ift 
ITcN&IVa 
TP58! r 

 tonoM <g> o z . eoTTue 

DeTBf2<aeNrr 
SUPER 
SUDS 

<aiANTT .Size S O X l £ l f i 
( 

PRE- INVENTORY 

Flurries 

Cold 
W arm 

S h o w n Sta tio n a ry O ccluded 

DO-rr-YOURSELF 
HOME CENTERS! 
OPEN TODAY FOR SALE 
OF ALL MERCHANDISE 
OPEN 1o AM TO 6 PM 

SfrjggJ 

 pieing Material 

UP TO 

OFF REGULAR PRICE IARTS & Craftc 

• SA LE SPECIA LS IN EVERY 

D EPARTM EN T 
• M ANY ONE-OF-A-KIND BARGAINS! 

FIRST CO M E FIRST S A V E 
• A ONCE A YEAR EVENT YOU 

M U ST NOT M IS S 

3oo1 GOLIAD RD at S E. MILITARY DR 
333 6121 
7719 N E LOOP 41o at PERRIN BEITEL RD 653 7411 
25o3 N W LOOP 41o 8. VANCE JACKSON 344 6261 

[WEEKDAYS 9 TO 9 
SATURDAY 9 TO 9 

I SUNDAY 1o TO 6 

No tele* to dealer*. right* rotary*o to lim it quentitie*. 
N ot retpontible for typographical a n o n 
ISS!! 

 liiftS UNIFORMS 
BUDGET STORE 

S p e c ia liz in g in F IR S T Q U A L IT Y 
MARK-DOWNS I 
CLOSEOUTS'® ' 
FACTORY f 
OVERRUNS I 

 f R O M A M f RIC A S LA R G EST C H A IN Q F U N IF O R M S H O P S - 

Names You Have heard O I 
BARCO 
• WHITE'SWAN • AND MORE 

AT S U P E R LO W P R IC E S 

SAVE 5o% & m o r e 

THIS WEEK S SPECIALS 

UNIFORMS 
PANTSUITS 
JUMPSUITS 
DUTY SHOES 

Regularly 
)■ * q q 

$11 to $13 
/ . O 
O 

Regularly 
| « rn n a 

$17 to $2o 
1 
1 . o 
o 

Regularly 
H 
O 
D A 

$22 to $24 
I 4 * o o 

" T T " 
* 9 .9 o 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 
Forecost at a glance 

C IT Y 
T E M P E R A T U R E 

Amor,Mo 
* = °« *C A S T 
* #4"o 
Cloudy, cold 
Austin 
IO 46 
36 SS 
Cloudy, cold foredo 
J! SO 
3S 6o 
Cloudy, cold 
Corpus Christi 
3S SO 
4o 6o 
Cloudy, cold 
Victoria 
3S SO 
4o 6o 
Cloudy, cold 
Dallas Ft Wortn 
2A3S 
31 4S 
Cloudy, cold 
McAllen Brownsville 
4o SI 
4S 6S 
Cloudy, cold 
Houston 
4o St 
4S 6S 
_____________Cloudy cold_____________ 

M A R IN E 
W IN O S — Northerly winos 17 to 
22 mph Sunoay morning diminish mg Sunday afternoon and Sunday night Seas will be S to I feet 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 
Son Antonio 
29 
36 
OO 
SO UTH T E X A S 
Aukttn 
27 
JS 
OO 
Brownsville 
39 
41 
OO 
Cor pus C h m n 
3$ 
39 
OO 
Cotulla 
37 i6 
o3 
Del Rio 
JO 
37 
OO 
Junction 
74 
29 
.17 
Victor to i9 
37 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
17 
77 
OO 
Alpine 
IO 
SS 
OO 
Amarillo 
16 
76 
OO 
El Paso 
4o 
6o 
■OO 
Fort Worth 
16 
JS 
OU 
Houston 
36 
47 
o7 
Lubbock 
It 
JO 
OO 
Lufkin 
29 
44 
OO 
Son Angelo 
7o 
79 
OO 
WocO 
TO 
33 
OO 
SO U T H W EST 
Denver 
IO 
74 
OO 
Honolulu 
7o 
I i 
OO 
Los Angeles 
SO 
67 
OO 
Los veoas 
JO 
S7 
OO 
Phoenix i i 
S9 
2 J 
Soh Lake City 
26 
4S 
OO 
Son Diego 
S7 
AS 
o* 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 
Kantas City 
I 
2o 
OO 
Louisville 
o6 
26 
OO 
Memphit 
14 
JO 
OO 
Oklahoma City 
I i ll 
St Louis 
4 
18 
OO 
Wichita 
OS 
2S 
OO 
SO U T H EA ST 
Atlanta 
It 
31 
OO 
Birmingham 
11 
37 
OO 
Charleston 
79 
IS 
OO 
Jacksonville a 
OO 

TEMPERATURE EXTREMES 
Low , 2s d e gree s below i t re a* 
W ellsto n N O 
High. 75 degrees at Miami, Fig 

Weather picture bad 

A SSO C IA TED mss 
Light Nmivs began falling in thi* Panhandle* and northern 
M i tmn» ut Hit* Smith Plain* early Saturday and forecasters 
*aul lilt* sui ut wa* spreading in t r all af Northwest Texas 
Forecast ors predicted sliest, slct*t and freezing rain for 
.North Tc\a* and issued a winter storm watch for the area as tin* snowfall began moving eastward 
By sunrise. Pum a* bad an inch of silt rn on the ground and bv mid-morning. Dalhart had two inches of snowfall on the ground 
The weather picture for the Lone Star State was not good for ans area a* foul weather wa* forecast from the H«*d 
Mixer to the Mio Grande. In South Texas, rain wa* forecast and some freezing rain wa* expected iii South Central 
Texas 
Light drizzle and some fog wa* reported in the Lower 
Mio (.ra ode Valley. The only areas of the state reporting any sunshine were Southwest. North and Fast Texas, but forecaster* *aul a cloud bank w a * closing i i i o n North and 
Fa*t Texa* 
Temperature* ranged from al al L l Paso to 13 at Dal­ hart 
Elsewhere, temperatures were i i i the teens i i i the 
Panhandle and in the JU* and cm* over the rest of the state except along the coast aud i i i F a r West Texas. 
Snow. sleet and freezing rain were forecast for North ami Central Texas, continuing through Sunday 

SAN ANTONIO ANO V IC IN IT Y - 
Mostly cloudy cod cold wits freer mg rom likely and snow possible 
S u n d a y m o rn in g 
D e c re a s in g cloudiness and precipitation Sunday mgnt becom ing fair and a little worm er Monday Northerly winds 6 to 12 mph. Low Sunday will be rn the mid 1os High Sunday will be rn the upper 4os. High Monday will be in the mid SOs. Sun rises at 7.29 and 

 sets at 5 47 
Moon is in the first 
.u o rte r 
Moon rises at 3 I# p rn. and sets at 3: St a rn. Temperatures 
Saturday ronged from 29 to 16 de­ grees 
(Notionql Weather Service forecast > 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 89 per cent a P o f 7 o rn Saturday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N — Total romfoll tor the 24-hour period ending at 6 p m 
Satu rd ay, a tra ce , for the 

SAN ANTONIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1*76 
197S 
Ave 
Rec 
Jon 
o Si 
1o3 
I 74 
I 32 
Feb 
« 13 
I JO 
I.4S 
J l l 
Mar 
I IO 
o 12 
I *7 
4 It 
Apr 
S67 
2 69 
2 21 ll 64 
MOV 
S IO 
4 *1 
2 4} 
14 o7 tun 
IA I 
4*o 
2 *S 
IO 44 
July 
S I* 
o 44 
I 4* 
111 
Aue 
JO * 
I 22 
2 34 
It 14 
Sept 
J 79 
o SI 
4 i f 
IS 78 
O d 
I 41 
2 7S 
J IO i n 
Nev 
7.4* 
o o3 
I 37 
Dec 
A • 
1.41 
1.71 
4 22 

 month. o tro ce; for fhe yeor. o troce, Accumulated departure from normal for the month, minus .o4 of on inch; for the year, minus, .o4 of an inch 
NO RTH T E X A S — Mostly cloudy with o groduol warm ing trend Sun day through Monday, intermittent sleet mined with snow In the north west. Sleet or freezing rom in the centro! portions and rom rn the southeast. 
SOUTH T E X A S - Mostly cloudy ond cold with ram likely Sunday 
Freezing ram and possible snow rn the north ond west portions Sundov. 
Decreasma cloudiness ond precipi toition Sunday night ond a little warmer Mondov 
* 
W E S T T E X A S — D e c re a s in g cloudiness Sunday with rom ond snow g ra d u a lly en ding 
A little wormer I i i most sections Sunday 
N ATIO N AL — Snow will spread across tire plains from morth Do koto to O k lah om a and into the 
M i s s i s s i p p i V alle y 
Ram is likely over Texas ond the lower 
M i s s i s 
Sippi Valiev with some freezing rom possible rn north ce n tral Texas. 
Scattered showers wit! occur along, the northern and central Pa cific coost with snow reaching into the northern and central portions of the 
Plateau and Rockies'. Tem peratures will be warm er from the northern 
P la in s to the A o b o iach ian s and north Atlantic states 

Clinics for vaccinating, licensing of pets slated 

Rabies vaccination and 1977 city license are due for the pet population of San 
Antonio, advises Dr. C.N. Rothe, San 
Antonio Metropolitan Health District dir­ ector. 
The Veterinary Medical Assn. of Bexar 
County is joining forces with the district's animal control personnel to conduct a two-part drive during January to vaccinate household pets of San Antonio and Bexar 
County. 
Vaccination and licensing will he avai­ lable at the low-cost clinic for only $3.5o per animal. Dr. Rothe said.______________ 

First of two scheduled clinics will he 
Jan. 2o-21, at Pablo s Grove, U.S. 9o West and Callaghan Road, at the Acme Road exit. 

The second clinic will be Jan. 26-28, at the Animal Control Facility near the zoo entrance in Brackenridge Park. 

Clinic hours will be 9 a m. to 5 p.m., Dr. 
Rothe noted. 

Last year, veterinarians vaccinated 
1o.746 dogs, cats and other household pets in the January campaign. 

HANDY D A N ’s lum ber yard , once open to the elem ents, has been enlarged , redesigned and enclosed to add to the con­ venience of shoppers. The cost . of the expansion project, 

 including new displays and signs in numerous departm ents, cost ap p ro xim ately $ 1 o o ,o o o 

Handy Dan remodeling completed 

Remodeling and expan­ sion of the Handy Dan 
Home Center at Vance 
Jackson and Loop 41o bai been completed, announced 
Larry Haven, regional manager. 

Some 15.ooo square feet 

 of enclosed shopping space has been added. 

The newly remodeled store was the first Handy 
Dan to be built. Construct­ ed eight years, ago, it marked the birth of a chain which now takes in 61 

 stores in eight states. 
“ We were proud of the store when it was first built.” stated Haven, “ hut the building hadn’t had major alterations in eight years. The do-it-yourself market has changed consi- derably since then. It was 

 time to remodel.” 

Enlarged and redesigned were the saw room, lumber hut, information desk and garden department. New displays and signs were in­ stalled in a number of de- partments. The lumber 

 yard, once open to the ele­ ments. has been enclosed 
Total cost will approach 
$1oo,o9o, according to store manager Tom Johnston. 
“ We were worried about finishing on time,” stated 
Johnston. “ Bad weather held up construction sever­ 

 al times, hut the entire job is virtually finished now. 

“ Our selling season peaks in March, and we really needed the extra space for the increased customer traffic we ll have in a few weeks.” 

7-dfemond trio tat 
14K gold 

Reg. s299 Now *249 

 tan's 1 diamond solitaire 
1oK gold 
Reg. *159. Now *129. 

Wing* enlarged to th ow detail 

We Accept 
• O.ink Am etIcard •M a tte r Charge 
• Diners Club • American Express 
» Shoppers Charge • Carte Blanche 

8 G R E A T STORES IN THE SAN A N T O N IO A R E A SOI 
East Houston. D ow ntow n a Las Palmas Shopping Cantor 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 8 4 ? S W . M ilitary Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping C ity 
• Central Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Shop G ordon's 
Coast to Coast 

12-S-ob-tS 

I : 

 cowl m n r 

 rn au»" 

 t i l n j UU * nWWWPWV fa. 

Temperatures a r * a v e ra g e 

 for a re a 

71 

N A T IO N A L W EA T H ER SER V IC E, 
N O A A. U S . Dept, of Com m erce 

MEXICO 
(Mexican temoeratures appear in both Fahrenheit and Centigrade or 
Celsius Fahrenheit is listed first In each column.I 
Acapulco ......... 
72/72 
SI 31 
Guodotrnara .. 
... 41o* wv 
Mazatlon 
. . 
61 TO 
• I/J7 
Mexico City 
71/24 
Monterrey 
S2/1I 

Snow 

Scottish Rite bodies to hold joint session 

* The regular monthly meetings of the four San Antonio 
Scottish Rite bodies are at 7:3o p m Thursday in the lodge rooms of the Scottish Rite Temple. Avenue E and Fourth 
Street. 
Formalization of plans for the 1977 mid winter reunion in February will highlight' the business sessions. 
The San Antonio Lodge of Perfection will meet first. The 
San Antonio Chapter Knights Rose Croix, the San Antonio 
Council Knights Kadosh and the San Antonio Consistory will follow. 
A special hour w ill follow the conclusion of the meetings. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jonuory 2 1977 
Pqge 7-o 

2o6 BRO AD W AY • DOWNTOW N 

CALL 226 2911 • SHOP DAILY 9:3o TO 5 3o 

Use BankAmencard or M aster Charge 

‘age 
6-G 
SonAntonioE^P^E^-NEWS--~Sunday January 2 1977 super sav 

^ 
Ml~«— iu f = ^ p r i c e s p p p F ^ n v /p 
SUNDAY. TAN. 2 
1WI2oUS»»4 
WEDNESDAY, TAN. 5 

&OOD AT ALL FOOD C S T / OTDEES IM 
^ANJ AMTOKIlO OMA UM I V E IN A L C liv . 

L X 

TO UMfT QUANTITIES^ 
JH* 

W E S H 
D'ANvDU 
PEAKS 
POUMD& 
•3 Le>. B>A^J 

FOR 

* 

VANI CAMPS o o h C o u p o n s i 

NG 3 o 2 CAMS 

■ . 
Stoked 
Iran Qi 
PW 
S e a 

FOR 

LOM6»r?A<M 23 OZ. SOX 
COMET iii? 
RICE 
I 

LIMIT 4 PLEASE. 
I I 
3Q-’ 

 additional 
^ V J r 68' 

S U N D A Y 
IO AM TILL 7 PM 

 aoVNJT 
IN SPeCTEQ 
REVER 
QUARTERS 
WU ITH fABAT JUM&O PACK 

LB. 
* 

 rr>-« 

 youMca e»BETr 
RIE 
K 
JUMBO PACK 
< 

* # * ♦ * # * # * * 
KT. "J**-lr 
>■N yC?UM6« bEHF 
/ie ti 
I 
M at®! 
; xmii* g Ammi 
% r 

JUM BO PACK 

L B . 

”V 

®rori 
'ffe;PT! 

> . 
: ■■' t 
J * £ S r tW&mP&r 

VS eOLOCMA/SALAMI/Spicer 
LUNCHMEAT «,. 

CONTAM NA 

<3 OZ. CAMS 

M 
F O R 

 fiATWCCOAA T IS SU E t a 

W^aBilfeS1 
Jfc 

M e e> 

I 
M 
^ t j b 

 ftzozem 

^ 
■ 

£t4 

-»*- 

,, r ». 

 vaseune a jfc. a 
I Iv! Ti* Kl fc5i %/1* 
Wa Bm mac 
8* 
*a&a«MB» ft# 
H i iii ip 
IPI mmt 

LOTIOM <2> OZ COTTLE 

 i i V 
Ifet 
M V f f l K f a v 
- 
/ 
A f * M f m M t k , # * t ; t 

 perm#t2&i<xi# 
I 
D e T E f2< a e w r 
I 
1ft $ §*K» I 

SUDS 

 aiA M T <SlZ4S c o x 

 llMM 

< 

 jti 
V 

Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Jonuory 2 1977 

Scottish Rite bodies to hold joint session 

• The regular monthly meetings of the four San Antonio 
Scottish Rite bodies are at 7:3o p m Thursday in the lodge rooms of the Scottish Rite Temple, Avenue E and Fourth 
Street. 
Formalization of plans for the 1977 mid winter reunion in February will highlight the business sessions. 
The San Antonio Lodge of Perfection w ill meet first. The 
San Antonio Chapter Knights Rose Croix, the San Antonio 
Council Knights Kadosh and the San Antonio Consistory will follow . 
A special hour will follow tin1 conclusion of the meetings. 

HANDY DAN’s lumber yard, once open to the elements, has been enlarged, redesigned and enclosed to add to the con­ venience of shoppers. The cost . of the expansion project, 

 including new displays and signs in numerous departm ents, cost approxim ately $ 1 o o ,o o o 

Handy Dan remodeling completed 

Remodeling and expan­ sion of the Handy Dun 
Home Center at Vance' 
Jackson and Loop 41o has been completed, announced 
Larry Haven, regional manager. 

Some 15,ooo square feet 

 of enclosed shopping space has been added. 

The newly remodeled store was the first Handy 
Dan to be built. Construct­ ed eight years, ago, it marked the birth of a chain which now' takes in OI 

 stores in eight states. 
“ We were proud of the store when it was first built,” stated Haven, “ but the building hadn’t had major alterations in eight years. The do-it-yourself market has changed consi­ derably since then. It was 

VAAA'A lo in 

23 I VeVe 
* 
— 
I \ 
X I • • 

I 
(*?&% 
I 

« » • • • « • 
••••VI 
•••••*.en 
V--( 
•••*• 
•• ••• 
• • • < 

 k56/ v < * . 
42 
—V— 
S 
’.V \ 
* •. ' "****S _ 

J O 

12 

27 

Worm 

S h o w n Stationary Occluded 
.(MHH* 

T e m p e r a t u r e s 

 are average for area. 

71 
D ata from 
NATIONAL WIATREK SERVICE. 
N O A A , U.S. Oopt. of Commerce 

 time to remodel.” 

Enlarged and redesigned were the saw room, lumber hut, information desk and garden department. New displays and signs were in­ stalled in a number of de- partments. The lumber 

 yard, once open to the ele­ ments, has been enclosed 
Total cost will approach 
$1oo,ooo, according to store manager Tom Johnston. 
“ We were worried about finishing on time.” stated 
Johnston. “ Bad weather held up construction sever­ 

 al times, but the entire job is virtually finished now . 

“ Our selling season peaks in March, and we really needed the extra space for the increased customer traffic we ll have in a few weeks.” 
Clinics for vaccinating, licensing o f pets slated 

Rabies vaccination and 1977 city license are due for the pet population of San 
Antonio, advises Dr. (’ N. Hothe, San 
Antonio Metropolitan Health District dir­ ector. 
The Veterinary Medical Assn. of Bexar 
County is joining forces with the district’s animal control personnel to conduct a two-part drive during January to vaccinate household pets of San Antonio and Bexar 
County. 
Vaccination and licensing will be avai­ lable at the low-cost clinic for only $3.5o per animal. Dr. Rothe said. 
_____ 

First of two scheduled clinics will be 
Jan. 2o-21. at F’ablo’s Grove, U.S. 9o West and Callaghan Road, at the Acme Road exit. 

The second clinic will be Jan. 2o-28, at the Animal Control Facility near the zoo entrance in Brackenridge Park. 

Clinic hours will be 9 a m. to 5 p.m., Dr. 
Rothe noted. 

Last year, veterinarians vaccinated 
1o,74o dogs, cats and other household pets in the January campaign. 

7 4 b m o n d trio tit 
IAK gold 

Reg s299 Now $249. 

Min's 1 diamond 
1oK gold 
Reg. s159. Now *129. 

 rw 
COMV! MMT 

NAV to our* 

’J g r 

Wing* enlarged to thew detail 

We Accept 
• Bank A met Icard • Mailer Charge 
► Omen Club • American Express 
Shopper* Charge • Carte Blanche 

B G R E A T S T O R E S IN THE SA N A N T O N IO A R E A SOI 
East Houston, Downtown a Las Palmas Shopping Center e Plaza Terrell Shopping Center a 84? S W Militaiy Drive a Northwest Shopping Center a McCreless Shopping City a Central Park Mall a Windsor Park Mall a Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast 

12-5 o6 IS 

Weather picture bad 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Light snow began falling iii the Panhandle and northern 
M d mn-* til Un* South Plain* early Saturday and fnrecaMers haiti the snow wa* ^read ing ox cr all til Northwest Texas. 
Forecasters predicted *now. sleet and freezing rain for 
Nu rill Texas anti issued a winter storm watch for the area a* the snowfall began moving eastward 
By sunrise. Duma* had an inch of *now on the ground anti bv mid morning. Dalhart had two inches of snowfall tm the ground 
The weather picture tor the Lone Star State wa* not good for any area a* foul weather wa* foreea*t from the Red 
Wiver to the Hit* Grande. Iii South Texa*. rain wa* forecast and some free/mg rain wa* expected iii South Central 
Texas. 
Light drizzle and some fog wa* reported in the Lower 
Rio Grande V alley. The only area* of the stale reporting any sunshine were Southwest. North anti F a s t Texas, Gut forecasters *aid a cloud bank wa* closing i i i on North anti 
Ka*t Texa* 
Temperatures ranged from 51 at E l Pu*o to 15 at D al­ hart 
Kl*ewhere, temperatures were i i i the teen* in the 
Panhandle and in the 2o* and 3n* over the rest of the state except along the coast anti in F ar West Texas. 
Snow. sleet and freezing rain were forecast for North and Central Texas, continuing through Sunday. 

SAN ANTONIO 
■ 
I 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
I 

1976 
197S 
Ave. 
Rec. 
I 

Jan 
o S4 
I OI 
1.74 
I JI 

Feb 
o l l 
I JO 
LOS 
7 OO 

Mar 
I IO 
o S2 
I 47 
4 19 
Aor 
J.67 
1.69 
2.1o l l 44 

M O V 
S M 
6 9t 
JA S 
14.o7 
Jun. 
1.61 
4 6o 
J.OS 
IO 44 
July u t 
o44 
I 49 
I I I 

Auf 
299 
I 22 
2 16 
11.14 
Sept. 
I 79 
o SI 
4. st 
IS.7o 
O d 
148 
7 IS 
2 Vt lit 
Nev 
L U 
OOI 
1.17 

Dec 
4 * 
I 4o 
1.75 
4 25 

 month. o trace ; for the ye ar. a 

SAN ANTONIO ANO V IC IN IT Y — 
Mostly cloudy OTO cold with freez­ ing rain likely and snow possible 
Su n d a y m o rn in g 
D e c re a s in g cloudiness and precipitation Sunday night Dec orbing fair and a little worm er Monday Northerly winds 6 to l l mph 
Low Sunday will De in the mid 3os High Sunday will De in the upper 4os. High Monday will De in the mid SOS. Sun rises at 7. 29 and 

 sets at i t ; 
Moon is in the first guar ter 
Moon rises at J: I® p m and sets at J. SI a rn. Tem peratures 
Saturday ranged Corn 79 to 36 de grees. 
(Notional Weather Service forecost.) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 89 per cent o *o t 7 p m Saturday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N - Toto) rainfall tor the 24 hour period ending at 6 p m 
Sa tu rd ay , a tra ce , for the 

UFlS UNIFORMS 
BUDGET STORE 

Specializing in FIRST QUALITY lADi/n/mikic 

I i i i 
MARK-DOWNS J 
CLO SEO UTS! 
FACTORY j 
OVERRUNS o 

 f EOM AMERICA'S VAVfifST CHAIN O f UNIFORM SHOPS - 

Nam es You Have Heard o4 
BARCO • WHITE SWAN • AND MORE 

AT SU PER LOW PRICES 
SAVE 5o% & M O R E 

THIS WEEK S SPECIALS 

 troce Accumulated departure from normal tor the month, minus .o4 of on inch; for the year, minus, .o4 of on Inch. 
NO RTH T E X A S — Mostly cloudy with a gradual worming trend Sun day through Monday, intermittent sleet mined with snow In the north­ west. Sleet or freezing rain in the central portions and rain in the southeast. 
SO UTH T E X A S - Mostly cloudy and cold with rain likely Sunday, breezing rain and possible snow in the north and west portions Sundov. 
Decreasino cloudiness ond precioi 
•aition Sunday night ana a little warmer Monday. 
' 
W E S T T E X A S — D e c re a s in g cloudiness Sundov with rain and snow g ra d u a lly ending 
A little warmer In most sections Sundoy 
N A T IO N A L — Snow will spread across the plains from mortis Do koto to O k lah om a and into the 
M is s is s ip p i Volley 
Rain is likely over Toras ond the lower M is s is 
Sippi Valiev with some freezing rain possible in north central Texas. 
Scattered showers will occur along, 
♦he northern and centro! P o e tic coast with snow reaching into the northern and control portions OI the 
Plateau and Rockies. Tem peratures will be worm er from the northern 
P lain s to the A p p a la ch ia n s ond north Atlantic stoles 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 
Forecast a* a glance 

C IT Y 
T E M P E R A T U R E 

Amor,Ho 
P R E C A S T 
Cloudy, cold 
Austin 
3o 46 3S SS 
Cloudy, cold 
Laredo 
32 SO 3S 6o 
Cloudy, cold 
Corpus Christi 
3S SO 4o 6o 
Cloudy, cold 
Victoria 
3S SO 4o 6o 
Cloudy, cold 
Dallas Ft Wortn 
26 3S 31 4S 
Cloudy, cold 
Mc Allen Brownsville 
4o St 
4S 6S 
Cloudy, cold 
Houston 
4o St 4S 6S 
Cloudy, cold 

Dan 
DO-IT-YOURSELF 
HOME CENTERS! 
OPEN TODAY FOR SALE 
OF ALL MERCHANDISE 
OPEN 1o AM TO 6 PM 

UNIFORMS 
PANTSUITS 
JUMPSUITS 
DUTY SHOES 

 le g u lo r t y 
S I I to S IS 

R eg u larly 
$ 1 7 to SSO 

R e g u la r ly 
$ 3 2 to $ 2 4 

R eg u larly 
$ 1 3 

*7.88 

M I . 8 8 

* 1 2 . 8 8 

*9.9o 

 c 

M A R IN E 

W IN O S — Northerly winds 1/ to 
22 mon Sunday morning dim inish­ ing Sunday afternoon and Sundoy night Seas will Pe S to 7 feet 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 

Son Antonio 
79 
36 

SOUTH T E X A S 

Austin 
Brownsville 
Corpus Christi 
Cotulla 
Dei Rio 
Junction 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Amorino 
E l Paso 
Fort Wortn 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
Son Angelo 
Woco 

T E X A S 

 t; 
3o 
16 
4o 
16 
36 
IV n 
2o 
TO 

S O U T H W E S T 

IO 
79 so 
3o 
47 
26 

Denver 
IO 
24 
Honolulu 
2o 
S3 
Los Angeles 
SO 
62 
Los Vegas 
3o 
SJ 
Phoent* 
47 
S9 
Salt ta k e City 
San O'ego 
S2 
6S 
.o9 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 
Xonsos City 
I 
2o 
OO 
Louisville 
o6 
26 
OO 
Memphis 
14 
3o 
OO 
Oklahoma City 
16 
31 
OO 
St Louis 
* 
IS 
OO 
Wichito 
OS 
2S 
OO 
SO U TH EA ST 
Atlanta ll 
31 
OO 
Birmingham ll 
32 
OO 
Charleston 
29 
4S 
OO 
Jacksonville 
32 
SS 
OO 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low . 2S degrees below zero at 
W ellsto n N O 
High. IS degrees at Miami, Flo 

M EX IC O 
(Mexican temperatures appear in both Fahrenheit and Centigrade or 
Celsius Fahrenheit is lifted first In each column.I 
Acapulco ...... . . . . . 7 7 / J J 
86,31 
Guodolaiaro . , , . , . 48 o9 
|? / J2 
M oiotian .............61/2o 
I1/J7 
Medico City .......4 6 /o 6 
7%/74 
Mooter rev 
. . . . . . . . 43/o6 
S2/1I 

[Building Materials 

UP TO 

\J \J / u RSgtrM 

OFF REGULAR PRICE 

 e SALE SPECIALS IN EVERY 
DEPARTMENT 
• MANY ONE-OF-A-KIND BARGAINS! 
FIRST COME FIRST SAVE e A ONCE A YEAR EVENT YOU 
MUST NOT M ISS 

3oo1 GOLIAD RD m SE MILITARY DR 
333 6121 
2719 N E LOOP 41o at PERRIN BEITEL RD 653 7411 
25o3 N W LOOP 41o & VANCE JACKSON 344 6261 

[WEEKDAYS 9 TO 9 
SATURDAY 9 TO 9 

I SUNDAY 1o TO 6 

I EAN* Alif WCAA!| 
I M 
A 
- " * * 

 r h C t f C p t l 

N o 6ele6 to <1*#lert; rights reserved to lim it quantities. 
N ot responsible for typographical a n d s . 

[lumber] 

S U 

2o6 B R O A D W A Y • D O W N T O W N 
CALL 226 2911 • SH O P DAILY 9:3o TO 5 3o 

Usa BankAmencanl or Master Charge 

New, old woes still with stars 

>io a p opera ut a rn lout wreck Icere trying to solve their problem s. hopefully to b e g in th e new y e a r with a clean slate. How­ ever, m anx o f them fo u n d th e y ju st a d d e d lo or c o m p o u n d e d o ld p r o b ­ lem s. lie n ' a re a fe w highlights: 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Not too much to cheer about • in Pine Valley,' as David left town. Phil and Tara were m arried , despite a tem porary setback while everyone searched for little 
Phil who had trouble ad­ justing. E rica perked up when sh e le arn ed ex-husband Je ff had r e ­ turned. Benny and Brooke resolved to continue sw ing each other despite Phoebe’s threats. 

ANOTHER WORLD: 
Beatrice came to her senses and was found in Florida with Sally. Hay and Alice tried to convince Beatrice they would work out their problems, but Beatrice in­ sisted she needed to leave town. Mac was taken in by 
G w en’s a g g re s s iv e n e s s . 

Mike told Molly that Olive is attempting to buy their loyalty. Rachel told Ken that his feelings for her m ak e it im p o ssib le for them to work together. 

AS THE WORLD TERNS: 
.Joyce and Don were upset by Lisa’s maneuverings to match him with Mary. Val. who had been away for 
C hristm as, returned and began having doubts about 
K im ’s m o tiv es. N ata lie threatened day, saying he'd regret it if he tried to get her fired. Carol began hav­ ing second thoughts about 
Jay. 

DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 
Don and Marlena returned from a C hristm as skiing weekend they coincidental­ ly shared with Kart and 
Sharon. At Doug’s Place, the New Year’s Eve party fizzled. Rebecca couldn’t assure Robert of her fideli­ ty. Mike took Trish on a double date with Val and 
David. Mike blew up at 
Laura and Bill when Bob and Linda were matched for the night. 
Mickey showed up with Maggie. 

THE DOCTORS: 
Jason 

Did you mists your fa vo rite soap opera last week? The Sunday Express-News carries a synopsis o f each o f the d a ily p rogram s each week sit that you won't fa il behind in the stories 

 opened new law offices and in troduced his p a rtn e r, 
Wayne Spaulding. Paul was edgy w hen he realize d 
Stacy and Wayne are old friends. Stacy intended to tell her family about her pregnancy, but not reveal the n am e of th e b a b y ’s father. M.J. told Steve she couldn’t love him because of Parolee. She left town for the holidays, as Steve de­ cided to forget Parolee. 

THE EDGE OE NIGHT: 
Mike found 
Beau in 
Nancy's room and assumed the w o rst, so L a u r ie ’s reunion dinner went down the drain. Danny accused 
'[racy of finding another guy. Steve, who had bis hands lull w it ii Deborah. 
On New Year’s Eve, Nicole was reported to have been shot and killed. 

GENERAL HOSPITAL: 
Everyone chastized Monica 

 as Jeff made slow progress to recovery. Mary Ellen resolved that the coming year would be the best for her and Mark. Tom told 
A udrey th a t he asked brother Lee Baldwin, his lawyer, to arrange for a divorce, and that he’s not yet ready to tell Tommy the truth. Mike and M artha planned a New Year’s Eve party just like the grow­ nups. 

GLIDING LIGHT: 
Rita felt guilty for not telling 
Mike the whole story about 
Granger and his family, but insisted she didn’t kill him. 
Roger pleaded with Rita not to reveal their past re­ lationship. The B ailers were upset about the sen­ satio n al p u b lic ity that linked Rita with Ed, and 
Holly felt sorry for him. 

LOVE OF LIFE: Felicia told Charles that she had 

 left town to be with Aunt 
Mavis before she learned of his accident. She neglected lo tell him she had been with E ddie d u rin g th a t tim e. Meg’s New Y ear's 
Eve party was a hotbed of intrigue, with Ian on her arm , Rick on Cal's, and 
Ben on B etsy ’s, leaving 
Lynn without a date. 

ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Another red herring: Cathy didn’t reveal Kevin’s wher­ eabouts u nder hypnosis. 
Will is using every trick in the book to get her to regain her memory. He also grew jealous of Brad and Jenny. 
Dorian invested in Brad’s proposed tennis club. 

RYAN’S HOPE: Johnny let the cat out of the bag and told Jack that Mary is carrying the only child that 
Jack may be capable of fath erin g . P a t re tu rn e d with' Dee from Boston, but felt guilty for being inti­ mate with her. New Year’s 
Eve at Ryan’s Bar was a singing and boozing affair. 

SEARCH FOR TOMOR­ 
ROW: 
Pop singer Melissa 
Manchester arrived in town 

 and told Steve she’s inter­ ested in his music. Ralph decided to make a perm an­ ent move to Arizona with 
B etty and E rie , as r e ­ conciled Patti and Len also left. A letter implicating 
John in Eunice’s m urder was found in his room. 

SOMERSET: 
Vicki and 
Julian discovered that Mr. 
Big was not Fred Harring­ ton, who is murdered, but 
Dan Briskin. C arrie and 
Steve are now free to face a bright future without threats from the syndicate and c o m p lic a tio n s w ith 
Denise. Heather told Jerry she will have another baby. 
Stan and Terri were joyful for everyone else as the 
New Year rang in, even though Ellen n ev er did make it back in time for the show ’s finale. T h a t ’s it folks. 

THE YOE NG AND THE 
RESTLESS: 
Peggy’s sex­ ual insecurities turned into nightmares and convictions that she c o u ld n ’t go through with her wedding. 
Leslie seduced Brad and they reconciled for the New 
Year, as Laurie eloped with 
Lance. 

Send your questions to 
"Tune in T o m o r r o w in care o f The San A ntonio 
Express-News, Box 2 1 7 1 , 
San 
A n to n io , 
' e x ., 
78297. Questions cannot be answ ered perso n a lly , but those o f g en era l in ­ terest will be answered in future columns.) 

Survey result 

M IW r o w 
T IM E S SERVICE 

NEW YORK - A survey of IOO New York City judges and rehabilitation specia­ lists has found that most believe the state’s current tough narcotics laws have failed to deter illegal drug use in the city. 

Exercise classes offered 

Northwest 
YMCA will offer a variety of exercise and condi­ tioning classes for men and women. 

C lasses for women in ­ clude evening slimnastics, evening Yoga, Aerobic and belly dancing. 

A morning exercise class m eets from 9 to IO a.m . 
Monday through F rid a y . 
Ladies may attend three or five days a week. Baby sit­ ting is provided. 

Slim nastics courses are offered from 7 to 8 p.m . 
Tuesday and Thursday. 

Men m ay choose from fitn ess and conditioning: classes offered at 6:3o a.m. or 6 p.m. 

F u rth e r inform ation on costs, tim es and startin g dates is available through the Northwest Family YM­ 
CA at 735-9231. 

W E DISCO UNT PRICE 

NOT QUALITY 

- PIONEER - MARANTZ - SANSUI - E.CX - TKAC - DOKOROS* - BXC. - iii 

 mm 
- B S R « 

WWWi 
' * - 
-s 
RS V fc 
- 

TECMNICA - BASF - SCOTCH - JENSEN i i 

NOON 

N O FUSI C H A SE : 
IS S ARY 

SENNHEISER 
HEADPHONES 

HD4oo 
• ORIN 
AIR 

NEW MODEL! 

REGISTER FOR FREE TRIP fQ 

TMK 
STEREO DEM IR OPENS 
TriKfft MEWES? STOKS 
TOOAYAT TK MOON 
OUK THIRD SAN ANTONIO STORC 
• » 
\ 
- ■ ' 

KAUL TMRif STORES OPfffl 
P m ® SAN PEDRO 

8 
2 
8 
- 
2 
8 
8 
* 
- 

29 

MARANTZ 
RECEIVER 

223o 

1$' 

BIGSTON CASSETTE 
RECORDER 
^ 
BSD 3oo 

 r i m e o <c* 
$ 
95 

95 

PIONEER 
HEADPHONE 

SE2o5 

ECONOMY 
MODEL 
17 
95 

BASE TAPE 
STUDIO SERIES 
REEL 
18oo' 
BLANK 

C 6 9 

BASE CASSLTTE 
STUDIO SERIES 
C-9o 

9o MIN. 
TOP RATED 

99 

JAX HEADPHONE 
EXTENSION 

25 
COILED CORD 

CLASSIC AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER WITH 
3o WATTS RMS PER CHANNEL INTO 
8 OHMS FROM 2oHZ-2oKHZ 
AT LESS THAN .5 % THD. 
IT S A MARANTZ! 

AKAI REEL TO REEL 
RECORDER 
4oooDS 
$229,s 

BUDGET MINDED REEL RECORDER WITH 3 
HEADS FOR TAPE MONITORING AND 
TWIN VU METERS 

PIONEER 8 TRACK 
PLAYER 

TH3o 
$3995 

8 TRACK NAYER ADAPTS TO MOST ANY 
HOME STEREO SYSTEM. ADD A TAPE 
PLAYER TO YOUR STEREO SYSTEM TODAY! 

NEW FRONT LOADING 
CASSETTE DECK WITH DOLBY NOISE 
REDUCTION, AUTO-FAST FORWARD, 
CHROME AND FERI CHROME SWITCHING. 

CHANNEL MASTER 
8 TRACK RECORDER 
HD6ooS 

PIONEER 
TURNTABLE 

PLA45D 

I SCOTCH CHROME 
CASSETTE 
C -9 o 
9o MIN. 
CRo2 
69 
95 

C-9o 

TUIN 
TAHE 
ONLY 

$ 
95 

8 TRACK RECORD/PLAYBACK DECK WITH 
TWIN VU METERS, PAUSE CONTROL, FAST 
FORWARD, AND CHANNEL INDICATOR, 
COMPLETE WITH TWO MICROPHONES. 

^ 
■ 
* 
9 
9 

BEAUTIFUL FULLY 
AUTO SINGLE PLAY, BELT 
DRIVE TURNTABLE WITH WALNUT 
STYLE BASE AND SMOKED 
PLEXIGLASS DUST COVER. 

SANSUI RECEIVER 
221 ll ' Btl I A95 

(SCOTCH 8-TRACK 
9o MIN. tow NOISE 
9o MIN. 
BLANK 
69 

MAXELL REEL 
ULTRA DYNAMIC 
7 ” X 1 8 o o ’ 

 l $i 1 9 

DYNAMIC 3 WAY SPEAKER WITH 
IWO IO” WOOFERS MIDRANGE 
AND TWEETER. 

ECONOMY AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER 
WITH 8 WATTS RMS PER CHANNEL INTO 
8 OHMS FROM 2oHZ-2oKHZ AT LESS 
THAN I % THD. 

PIONEER CAR 
8 TRACK 
TP7ooo 
19 
WWBPRBHBUBBpBJ l l 
# 

TOP QUALITY AM-FM STEREO 8- 
TRACK PLAYER WITH PUSHBUTTON 
RADIO TUNING. MOUNTS IN THE 
DASH OF MOST AUTOMOBILES. 

79 

SUPERSCOPE 
FM CONVERTER 

• n 
> i r 

ADD m IO mm 
A 
A £ 

" 
“ 
1 
9 
9 5 

RADIO 

95 
SCOTCH METAL 
REELS 
Mi 

TAKE H O M E O N E OF THESE C U S T O M M A D E CO M PLETE STEREO SY S T E M S D U R IN G O U R G R A N D O P E N IN G z * 
* 

SANSUI 331 
A M -FM STEREO 
RECEIVER FEATURES 
TAPE MONITOR 
A N D SUPERB 
FM RECEPTION. 

 fcCi SUPER 8 
COMPAQ 2-WAY 
SPI AKERS WITH I" 
WOOFER, J TWITTER 
AND TREMENDOUS 
SOUND. 

B SR 2 2 6 o B X 

(UUY AUTOMATIC CHANCER 
WITH CUE INO LEVER AND 
ADC CARTRIDGE 

BSR TURN? AILE 

SANSUI 5o5o 

AM-fM STEREO RECEIVER 
WITH CUAN SOUND. COMIS 
WITH WOOD STYLI CABINET 

BIC92o 

AUTOMATIC TAKE 
WITH RETT DRIVE 
AND SNURE CART 

BIC TU RN TA BLE 

ICI PHASE ll 

S WAT SPEARER 
WITH TWM I " 
WOOFERS ANO 
PIEZO SUPER 
TWEETER ANO UNREIN VARE! SOUND 

 ti i rm m kiI 
C f 
D l/coum - 
L U / I v l 11 illI i i center 

SX737 

AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER 
WITH m m TAPE MONITORS. 
UtNQUf RECORD SELECTOR, 
ANO WOOO CANNET. 

SIC 96o 

AUTOMA TTC U U DUVE 
I A IU WUN WOOO RASE 
ANO SHUM CART. 

BIC TURNTABLE 

ICI I 2SSW 

4 WAY SPEAKER 
WITH 12” WOOFER, 
MIDRANGE AND 2 TWEETERS IN 
A WALNUT CARINE! 

95 

SUNDAY 12 N O O N -8 P.M. 
ALL THREE LOCATIONS 

 i - 

V 
«* A 
' 
» 
• 
* 
- 
* rf 
‘ rf 
> 
> 
5» 
* 
V 
- 
J 
« rf. 
S rf rf » * rf • » r f 
» 
» r f r f rf rf 
* 
‘ 

« 
Fire and 

Section 

How Charles Revson built Revlon Empire 

FAMILY PORTRAIT of the Revson family with Charles, at age 5 in 191 2, seated at lower left. 

By ANDREW TOBIAS 
No one who grows up in a tenement, starts a business in the middle of the Depression and ultimately builds a half- billion-dollar global corpora­ tion is ordinary, or even “ nor­ m al.” 
Charles Revson least of all. 
His business style was so abrasive, his personal style so eccentric and his success so stunning that he became something of a legend not just “ in his own tim e” but midway through his career. 
In 43 years he built one of the 3(1o largest industrial enterprises in the 
United States and one of the 2oo most profitable. 
He m a n a g e d to do th is not by capitalizing on a single great inven­ tion — which is easy once you have the invention — nor by acquiring the enterprises of others and m erging them into his own. as were built so many of our largest corporations. 
He was granted no monopoly, he was no b o o tleggersurned-legit. he struck no oil; he d id n ’t even have friends in high places. 
Step by step 
Instead, Revson built Revlon pro­ duct by product, shade promotion by shade promotion, country by country, year by year. Most men would have 

Charles Revson was the dri­ ven, ten aciou s and offbeat entrepreneur whose sheer deter­ mination made Revlon one of the 
2oo most profitable U.S. com ­ p anies. 
R evson pursued perfection and quality with a crusty singlem indedness, and had an ab rasive and so m e­ tim es hilarious m anagem ent style that added to his mystique. 

This is the first part in a four-part excerpt from the book 
FIRE ANI) ICE, about Revson and his em pire.‘The title refers both to one of Revlon’s most fam ous nail en a m el-lip stick shade promotions and to Rev- son’s m ercurial m anagem ent and personal style. 

 sold out and retired by the time the first $t(l-million plateau had been reached. 
But Revson, like very few other enterpreneurs, took his company all the way to the top. 
He sold the first bottle of nail ena­ mel personally, and he was deeply involved with the selling of the half- billionth bottle. 
To the day illness forced him to stop, he was the chief executive of­ ficer of the company — and. for all intents and purposes, the chief oper­ 

 ating officer, the creative director, the marketing director and the board of directors. 
This is not to say that he was a creative genius or an executive su­ perman. He was not. You could even make the case that after a certain point his company would have been better off without him. 
Agile mind 
But he had a deeply probing, agile mind, incredible dedication and ten­ acity. a genius for color, an eye for detail and an instinctive m arketing sense. He also had the rare capacity. at least in part, to broaden himself and his horizons as the com pany grew 
He entered a fledgling, highly un­ professional in d u stry of one-m an shows (one-wom an shows, really) and, more than anyone else, was re­ sp o n sib le for b u ild in g it into a 
$5-billion industry. He changed the appearance of women throughout the world, both in how they looked to others and how they looked to them ­ selves. 
The irony is that he held women in such contempt. And that he himself, the beauty-maker, was so unbeauti­ ful. 
The paradox is th a t, for all the warts, many of the people who knew him well fell in love with h i m ------- literally, or as a sort of father figure. 
It would be too easy to paint Revson 
King quits to marry his 

LONDON — Imagine that 
B ritain’s newspapers last month carried the above head­ line on the front pages. 
Imagine that it was Prince Charles they were talking about. 
Even in today's permissive world, the thought of the heir to the throne wanting to make such a woman His queen would cause a shudder of dis­ may to run through the nation. 
Yet. that is exactly what happened 
4o y e a rs ago. The eleg a n t and charm ing Prince of Wales, the na­ tion's darling, had succeeded on his father s death in January, 193H, and was waiting to be crowned. 
He had the glamor of a film star, the people loved him. But into his life had come a slender, sophisticated, clothes-horse of an American woman 
— Wallis Simpson. 
When they met, she was m arried to her second husband Ernest Simpson. 
Her first husband was still alive. 
And this at a tim e when it was considered a disgrace to be divorced al all. 
But Edward fell in love with Wallis and for her he gave up the throne and went into exile. 
Never crowned 

Edw ard VHI, the king who was never crowned, is dead His widow lives on a lonely, still elegant exile entitled to call herself the Duchess of 
Windsor — though not Her Royal 
Highness. 
She wanted to lie queen. But the 
British , did not want her, 
For the ordinary people Edw ard's abdication had a profound effect. One of deep, deep disappointment. 
He had been loved and adm ired as perhaps only President John Ken­ nedy has been since. Now he had let down the nation that had such high hopes of him. .And for what? 
Was it love? Or was it because the king did not have the courage to take the responsibility of the throne'’ 
Or had he believed he could have the crown — and his m istress as queen? 
Even today, no one knows the answer. 

 divorced m istress 

QUEEN MARY 
. • . 'kettle of fish’ 

The m ost e x tra o rd in a ry th in g a flout the abdication crisis is that for the public at home it lasted only nine days. 
The knowledge of his dalliance with an American divorcee became public knowledge on Dec. 3, 193H. It was all over by Dec. ll. 
But that was in Britain The rest of the world had known for a long, long time. 
Before his luther George V died, the Prince of Wales, as Edward was then, had been flitting around Europe with Wallis. 
Silence 

He had. in fact, made up his mind to marry her as early as 1934. And new spapers abroad had published endless pictures and stones of the attachment. 

DUKE AND DUCHESS OF garb shortly altar they 
June 3, 1937. 

WINDSOR in their wedding were married in France on 

In Britain a conspiracy of silence reigned. 
Mentions of the royal goings-on were clipped by ce n so rs from fo reig n p ap e rs which ca m e into B rita in before they went on sale. 
It was an incredible cover-up; one to which the press of the tim e a c ­ quiesced It would not happen today. 
But the press broke its silen c e when Dr. Blunt, bishop of Bradford, unwittingly let the cat out of the bag by making a public, critical re fe r­ ence to the uncrowned king. 
Ironically, Dr. Blunt was one of the few people in the world of the Estab­ lishm ent who did not know of the 
Mrs Simpson affair. 
His oblique criticism was referring to the king’s playboy attitude to life. 
Bul everyone thought he was talk­ ing about Mrs. Simpson — and the story broke. 
Mrs. Simpson's elegant and calm exterior was ruffled by w hat h a p ­ pened next. 
The windows of her home in Cum­ berland Terrace were shattered by stones. Her hushed-up divorce, con­ ducted some weeks e a rlier at Ip s­ wich, came under closer scrutiny. 
Her husband. Ernest Simpson, had meekly let himself be divorced by her for adultery in a hotel near Bray-on- 
Thames with a lady called “ Butter­ cup'' Kennedy. 
Nasty 
The divorce had been granted on 
Oct. 27. It rated two paragraphs in 
British newspapers, In America, one paper headlined the case. 
A week before, P rim e M in ister 
Stanley Baldwin had been pleading with the king to stop the divorce. 
“ People are talking about you and this A m erican w o m an ,” he sa id . 
“ I've had many nasty letters written by people who respected your father and do not Uke the way you’re going on." 
The king would have none of it. The divorce went through 
Almost a month later the prim e minister and the king met again and this time the king made his inten­ tions clear. 
“ I’ve made up my mind," he said. 
“ nothing will alter it. I mean to ab­ dicate and marry Mrs. Simpson “ 
However, the turn of events was not as Wallis Simpson had hoped. She had been led by the king to believe that he could make her queen. 
It seemed this was not to he. and now she was frightened by the anger and hatred that the public showed. 
Miracle 
“ I didn t know it would be like this," she said. 
Without stopping to pack, she left for the South of France 
But the king still felt certain that some means could be found to have both the throne and Queen Wallis. 
The coronation was not due until 
May 12. He had tune to work the miracle 
He had worked m iracles before where Mrs. Simpson was concernd. 
Somehow he had contrived to have her presented at court — to his parents. 
Six years earlier. Wallis — born 
Bessie — had made her curtsey to the queen, at a time when the king and q u m i insisted that divorced women should never enter (heir presence. 
But the king s mother would never receive her again, and when he de­ clared his love for Mrs. Sim pson, 
Queen Mary angrily sent for the prime minister. 
Baldwin, too, was angry, but in spite of it could not help but be im ­ pressed by the king’s "exalted state 

ON PAGE 5H: Prince Andrew, teen-ager who is 
"second string king.” 

 of mind.” 
The prime minister told his family’ 
“The king’s face bore such a look of beauty as might have lighted the face of a young knight who had caught a glimpse of the Holy Grail.” 
The king s mother, a stern believer in the duties of royalty, was less impressed. 
“Well, Mr. Baldwin,tshe said, “ his 

 is a pretty kettle of fish ” 
She had tried to reason with the king to no avail and later wrote to him. “ You didn’t seem able to take in any point of view but your own.” 
O th er w ays had been trie d to secure marriage and the throne for 
King Edward. In November, Esmond 
Harmsworth, the present Viscount 

January 2 I 9 7 7 

Page 
I -H 

 only as a bullying egom aniac who would scratch himself or stand up and break wind in the m iddle of a meeting. In fairness, one tries to un­ derstand why a man as concerned with his image and dignity would do such things. 
Revson lo y alists or people who have left the company swore he fre­ quently tore his executives apart. But the loyalists ascribe Jins to his desire to teach, while others ascribe it more to a need to bully and degrade. 
Basic honesty 
Both groups, with a few exceptions, concede his basic honesty. But the loyalists attribute this to pureness of . heart, while some others set' it as un inordinate fear of being caught doing something dishonest But apart from differences in point of view, stories abound which are simply untrue 
A key Revlon executive told me that Charles’ third (and last) wife, l.yn, gave him a tour of their Park 
Avenue apartm ent and showed him their huge bed — which, he said, had special flaps to prevent Charles from falling out at night. 
Charles tossed and turned a lot, 
Lyn told him, and those flaps would automatically come up at 2 a.m. and would recede at ti 
Lyn pressed a button on the wall that ac tiv a te d these flaps “ before his very eyes," he* said 
Yes, then* was a button on the bed that would elev a te th e head-and- shoulders portion of tin* m attress to a 
TV-viewmg angle. And there was a button concealed in the side of the tied thai summ oned tilt* police, who would come dashing up to tin* apart­ ment every time it was pressed acci­ dentally Bul — and I inspected (his lied al some length — then* were no automatic side flaps. 
S im ila rly , when 
Revlon w as moving into new offices at titiH Fifth 
Ave., C harles did have the manu­ fa c tu re r of (lie b o ardroom c h a irs conn* to him for a ' sitting." and did go through four different handmade models before he was satisfied. But 
In* did not have them built so that all the directors, regardless of height, would end up at eye level — or, as the story is told, with hun one inch above the others. 
Often embellished 
Most of the Revson sto ries th a t firsthand witnesses tell are probably true, if often embellished. But many of them, considered objectively, an* less damning than they seem 
F’or example: One day Revlon was reh e arsin g a TV co m m ercial that would be performed live in front of fit) million people a couple of hours later on “ The $B4,(HMI Question " 
There was no one in the* theater but the technical crew, the model, the 
See FIRE, Page SII 

 t 

 f f 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
Yantis doesn 9t know when to give up 

ISSUE OF —— ----- 
— — THE WEEK 

Texas Water Quality Board 
Executive Dir. Hugh Yantis can certainly read the hand­ writing on the wall, but some people wonder if he knows when to quit. 
Yantis’ first proposal to change the protective state order for the E d­ wards aquifer was doomed, and he knew it. 

But that hardly deterred him from trying to change it in a second way, by proposing a different protective order to fit the circumstances in each of seven counties over the aquifer recharge zone. 
If he succeeds with the second pro­ posal ‘he seven-order proposal could be state 'aw as early as Jan. 23, ac­ cording to the Texas Register. 

The first proposal would have eliminated all but Bexar and Hays counties from the o rd er because those were the only two counties which had a population density over 
51) persons per square mile. 
That proposal recently became de­ funct because it had two strikes- against it First, the TWQB could not act upon the proposal because it had not been published as required in the 
Texas Register. 

The seven-county proposal has been published, so that hurdle has been cleared. 
The second strike against the first proposal came when the state attor­ ney general’s office told the TWQB that the courts may rule the popula­ tion density requirem ent as discri­ m inatory, thus having the entire order invalidated. 

Y antis’ second proposal still has that hurdle to clear. 
Alamo Area Council of G overn­ m ents Executive Dir. Al Notzon is having the AACOG staff analyze each of seven proposals and the differ­ ences among them. 
If the differences are found to be arbitrary and there is no recognition that the aquifer is one geological for­ m ation, the second proposal also might be ruled discriminatory, Not­ zon said. 
Aside from that Notzon said he 

 does not understand why the TWQB staff continues to find ways to change the order, pointing out that the pre­ sent order has been accepted by environm entalists, developers and governmental officials in nearly all the counties. 
TWQB helped 
The Edwards Underground Water 
District now helps the TWQB enforce the current order, but EUWD Asst. 
Gen. Mgr. Bob M atthews said the seven-county proposal would pose 

 additional enforcement problems. 
“ The seven orders appear very closely alike, but because th ere would be seven different orders, ad­ ministration of those would be much m ore unw ieldy than the presen t order,” Matthews said. 
City Councilm an Glen H artm an said the seven-county proposal is il­ logical. 

“ W ithout having looked at the orders, I would say it makes no more sense to chop up the E dw ards aquifer, than to chop up Canyon Lake into seven parts and give each its own pollution protective order,” Hartman said. 
“The aquifer doesn’t live in seven different com partm ents,” he added. 
“ It’s all one body of water, even if it is underground.” 
H artm an guessed that Y antis is 

 under pressure from certain special interests which feel that all regula­ tion is bad. 
However, he said, it is in the inter­ est of everyone to see th at the aquifer, the sole source of drinking water for much of the seven counties, including San Antonio, is protected. 
A hearing will be held by the 
TWQB at IO a.m . Ja n . 13 at the 
Uvalde Civic Center. That hearing itself is an issue. 
Notzon noted that the public hear­ ing for the first proposal was held in 
Uvalde last June. He also pointed out that officials in Uvalde and Kinney counties have been the only ones wanting less regulation. 
Notzon also said he felt Y antis should hold a hearing in each of the seven counties if each county is to have its own protective order. 
-—DAVID HENDRICKS 
Com m issioner 

Potpourri 

P eople an d Polities 

Power 
Players 

M aters and shakers 

REPORTS persisting that tonner 
State Sen. 
JOE BERNAL, now a 
Democratic National Committeeman and a m em ber of the 
JIMMY 
CARTER transition team, will come down from the heights to run for the lowly P recinct 2 county com m is­ sioner’s post . . . although the com­ missioner’s post is lower than JOE’S form er state post and current na­ tional post, it pays a whole lot better than either . . . makes up in dollars what it lacks in prestige . . . 

ALSO continuing is the rumor that 
County Court-at-Law .Judge CAROL 
HABERMAN will be gunning tor a district court bench in 1978 . . . at present, there is no female district judge rn Bexar County, although half of the people in divorce cases are women . . . 

AND isn t a well-located North Side group already about ready to en­ dorse Dr 
JOSE SAN MARTIN for mayor, perhaps in late January? . . . 

IN the pursu it of the U. S. senatorial brass ring, 
U S. 
Rep. 
BOB KRUEGER (Krueger of Texas. his television ads proclaimed in his first re-election effort since being elected in 1974) should rem em ber his district is the 21st . . . after all, in 
1978 BOB may confound everybody and decide to run again for his U. S. 
House post . . . 

SEVENTY of that new crop of 1,o77 lawyers admitted to practice of law of late are from San Antonio, some of them off-spring of old, distinguished legal families in the Alamo City . . . 

AND some hardworking lawyers grousing that County Court-at-Law judges were hard to find in the dead period between Christmas and New- 
Year’s Day . . . and there s a bill coming up early in the next session designed to give the County Court- at-Law judges a salary hike . . . the representative introducing the bill is an officer of the courts . . . 

GUESS where County Com. AL­ 
BERT BUSTAMANTE spent the greater part of tho Christmas-New 
Year’s holidays? . . . in bed with a severe case of tonsilitis and up to 1o3 degree tem peratures . . . he spent eight days in bed . . . ALBERT’S medic intends yanking his tonsils some time in February . . . the com­ missioner expects to be well in time to fly up to JIMMY CARTER’S inau­ guration 

A ttorney 
AK TH UK TROILO elected president ot the Bexar County 
Republican Men s Club for 1977 , . . he was President 
FORD’S man in 
Bexar County in the recent election, and was due for a win after RONNIE 
REAGAN took all the Texas marbles in the battle for the GOP presidential nomination . . . and one of the new of the BCRMC is NEIL CAL* e Ret 
*PffH 
District 21, to BOBBY U R R E and now that 
DOUG HARLAN’S 
Washington whirl is over, will he lie coming back to Bexar County to run for the House again? , . , he ran twice before . . . 

NEW Precinct 5 Constable 
ISH 
GARZA planning to open bis < unsta­ ble's office at Wits SW Military Dr., in the Shopper City Mall . . , that is the mall where the Justice of the Peace sits . . . winning the election may wind up in the long haul costing ISH money . . . he ll be getting $75 a month for rental of office space, and 
B's coating him $168 a month . . . 

SOUTH Texas officials are still looking to hold another meeting de­ signed to attract government offices to South Texas, which they feel con­ trib u ted hugely to 
JIMMY 
I VRTEK'S presidential victory in 
Texas 
. if the South Texans hold their next meeting after the inaugur­ ation. HANK LECA YO, representing the Hispanic Affairs Committee in 
Washington and working with the transition team, will be able to come down and talk to the officials 
Tan. 
26 has been mentioned as a possible date . . . 

THE San Antonio River Authority election Jan. 15 features one of the youngest candidates ever to run for office in Bexar Countv . . . he’s 
DAVID WAYNE EWING, a San 
Antonio College student, campaign­ ing on the need for change . . . he’s one of six running for place one on the authority . . . there are five candi­ dates for place two . . . 

MAYOR LILA COCKRELL kick­ ing off her campaign for re-election with the opening at 7:3o p. rn. Monday of her first campaign office at 1335 S. 
General McMullen Dr. . . . the public is invited, and LILA promises music and refreshments . . . hubby 
SID 
COCKRELL is her honor's campaign treasurer . . . 
Boiler 
R oom _______ 
( a ut/ut ign rn i seel I a nea 

THE 1o-1 city districting plan ex- pected to be given a boost at a press conference scheduled by two state reps and one state representative- elect at IO a. rn. Tuesday at the 
Pan-American Restaurant, 72o Plea­ santon Rd. . . . speaking up presu­ mably for the plan will be State Reps. 
FRANK MADEX and RON BIRD and State Rep.-elect FRANK TEJEDA 
. . . the state representative districts of all three lie on the South Side, which really hasn’t received its share of council representation under the current at-large method of electing council members . . . 

STATE 
Keo,-elect 
TEJEDA hasn t covered a lot of ground since 

 he was born 31 years ago — in dis­ tance, that us . . . the house FRANK’S parents had when FRANK was born was located at 73o Pleasanton Rd., just a stone’s throw down from his present law office at 8o4 Pleasanton 
Rd. . . . for those constituents who c a n ’t locate TEJEDA in the telephone book it’s because he isn’t listed there, but can be reached at 924 
7383 . . . his home phone is listed in the name of his wife, CELIA, . . . after ho settles into his new post as state rep., TEJEDA plans to take out a full page ad in a South Side com­ munity paper giving constituents his phone number and other pertinent information . . . 

AND although 
TEJEDA hasn’t been sworn into office yet as a state representative, he’s already having legislation drafted in certain areas of concern . . . among those areas are m inim um stan d ard s for nursing homes and for peace officials (this last as a result of that infamous murder case involving a police chief and a prisoner), and state benefits for certain disabled veterans . . . 

STATE Rep. 
JIM NOWLIN well on the way to establishing a tradition with his fourth annual Super Bowl brunch at the Barn Door Restaurant 
Jan 9 . . . the country breakfast brunch is non-partisan, drawing at least as m any 
D em ocrats as 
Republicans, although 
NOWLIN himself is a Republican, the only 
COP state representative on the 
Bexar County delegation . . . unlike most receptions held by and for legislators, the proceeds won’t go into 
NOWLIN’S pocket either to apply to past campaign debts or set up funds for future campaigns . . . cost of the brunch is $15 a person, and 
$1o from each ticket sold will be donated by JIM to Boysville. Inc. . . . if JIM isn t careful, he ll acquire the reputation of being a do-gooder . . . 

NEW 
County 
Com. 
JEFF 
WENTWORTH flew to Indiana to spend Christmas with his sister and brother-in-law and their four children 
. . . 
JEFF is a bachelor and can travel lig h t. . . he was back in Bexar 
County, however, in time to be sworn in as the only Republican office­ holder in the Courthouse, succeeding 
Republican Com. FRANK VAUGH­ 
AN in the post . . . FRANK bowed out after eight hardworking years 
. . . as an historical footnote, before 
VAUGHAN fades from the Court­ house, it will be recalled that he is the only politico to ever defeat County 
Judge BIAIR REEVES for paid po­ litical office . . . that was years ago, when VAUGHAN unseated REEVES from his Justice of the Peace post in a Republican neighborhood . . . 

Goodby, good luck and God bless 

THAT WAS the message Thursday of County Com. Frank Vaughan Jr. as he brought his 14-year political career as a justice of the peace and county commissioner to an end and packed, up his belongings on his last day in office. Vaughan, a Republican, decided not to seek re-election, and he is being succeeded by another Republican, Jeff Wentworth. 
STAFF PHOTO BY H M DEAN JR 

COUNTY 
Democratic Chairman 
JOYCE PETERS hitting the mails with 2,ooo invitations to the Bexar 
County Democratic Victory Inaugur­ al from 8 p.m. to midnight Jan. 2o at Villita Assembly Hall . . . the poor man’s inaugural goes for $5 a person, a little less than for the Washington inaugural . . . one of those planeloads of Texans leaving for the Washington inaugural will be leaving from San 
Antonio . . . Mrs. PETERS received an invitation from the National Inau­ gural Committee to attend the inau­ gural party . . . the invitation entitles her to two $25 tickets . . . the inau­ gural program is going for $15 a copy 
. . . but the Demo chairman plans to remain in San Antonio for the local inaugural party, which features, among other things, the music of the 
Ramiro Cervera Orchestra . . . that’s the group which made such a big hit at El Mercado at the big Democratic rally which wrapped up the cam ­ paign in Bexar County . . . 

IT w ould be remiss not to chronicle that in his 54 years at the courthouse before his retirem ent last week 
ARTURO MARTINEZ, who served as chief clerk for an illustrious list of 
Justices of the Peace, drummed up m ore m arriag e business for his bosses than any other man in Bexar 
County . . . the m arriages may have been made in heaven, but most of them were performed at MARTIN­ 
EZ’S bosses’ offices . . . ARTURO had an uncanny ability to steer ex­ changing couples to the office for the vows, and sometimes it was hard to tell whether the m arriage business was being sandwiched in between court business or vice versa . . . 

COMMISSIONER VAUGHAN re­ m em bered by his am igos on 
Commissioners Court . . . members of the court presented FRANK with a fine Elgin watch which does every­ thing but whistle Dixie . . . arid 
Mayor 
LILA COCKRELL dropped by at the farewell cerem onies to present 
FRANK with a book on contemporary and historical San An­ tonio . . . Thursday was VAUGHAN’S last working day, although he said he would have been at his Courthouse office Friday if it hadn’t been de­ clared a holiday . . . FRANK and his wife intend to do a little traveling before he site down and decides what he ll do in the future . . . he’s reluc­ tant to go back into the practice of law, at least fulltime, because be simply doesn’t want to work that hard . . . 

CITY Councilman 
AL ROHDE bombarding friends with post cards from Key West over the holidays . . . on one of the cards, 
AL refers to himself as a “ Dawk,” which he de­ fines as a cross between a dove and a hawk . . . that is a cross . . . 

WHO nearly missed his going away party at the Courthouse, purposefully so? . . . why, ROGER SIM MANG, that’s who . . 
ROGER, a gentleman of the old school who was the top holdover in the district clerk's office when District Clerk ELTON CUDE succeeded the late HART MCCOR- 
MICK in the post, had infornu*d co-workers he did not want a party 
. . . he was finally lured in for a bite of cake, and a cup of punch . . . 

AND RUBY CUDE, wife of kindly 
Spend and get re-elected 

 veeps 
NAN, who dropped the Republican nomination for U. S. Representative, 

BILL FINCK 
. . . full-time ta cigars 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
Do efforts by public officials to economize with the tax dol­ lar translate into votes at the 
Mis? 
Well, it s arguable, but State Rep. 
Tony Dramberger and former State 
Hep Bill Finck can take a strong stand that it doesn't. 
In fact, they can point to them ­ selves to uphold the argument that the way to get elected and re-elected is to spend, spend, spend. 
D ram b erg er, a conservative 
Democrat like Finck and the most conservative m em ber of the Bexar 
County delegation, was the only state representative legislator from Bexar 
County to be defeated in the 1976 elections. 
Same for Finck 
The same thing happened to Finck in 1972, even though he was chairman of (he powerful House Appropriations 
Committee. And it happened to him again (his year when he tried lo gel back into elective office as county commissioner of Precinct 3. 
For years Dramberger and Finck returned money from their expense funds to the state. Although the re­ turn was hidden under a basket, as such things happen, their cumulative virtue was uncovered and the return of Lax dollars lo the state published in 

 the newspaper and lavishly praised. 
In 1972, D ram b erg er retu rn ed 
$13,5oo out of his expense fund to the state. In 1974 he kicked back $14,5oo. 
And the state auditor’s report for the year ending Aug. 31, 1975, reflects 
Dram berger was the most m iserly member of the Bexar delegation in expenditure of state funds He spent only $26,o34, well below $46,976 spent by Rep. Bob Vale, $44,5o9 spent by 
Rep. Jim Nowlin, $42,591 spent by 
Rep. Joe H ernandez, and $63,458 spent by State Sen. Glenn Kothmann. 
Finck’s returns 

Finck remitted $5,ooo to the state in unused expense funds in 1969, and in 
1971 returned $13,ooo to the state treasury. 
Finck was defeated for the state legislature in 1972 by State Rep. Matt 
Garcia, and in his 1976 bid for county com m issioner by Republican Jeff 
Wentworth 
Voters elected to have Bill manu­ facture cigars on a full-time basis, something cigar smokers will appre­ ciate 
Dram berger was defeated by De­ mocrat Frank Tejeda Jr. 
And Kothmann, Vale, Nowlin, and 
Hernandez? 
Well, Kothmann swamped his op­ position, and the three reps were re-elected handily with no, or nomin­ al, opposition. 

County District Clerk ELTON CUDE, honored at a birthday party last week at the Courthouse TraveLodge' 
. . . she celebrated her 29th plus . . . 

Around 
Town 

TONY DRAMBERGER 
. . . didn t pay ta save 

Watch (he newsmakers 

LOYALTY TESTS . . . Bexar 
County political re g u la rs w ere moaning and groaning when the in­ vitations came out this week for various swearing in ceremonies . . . all of them were scheduled for New 
Year’s morning . . . and since most politicos are fun loving people who like to have a good time bringing in the New Year, attendance at those morning ceremonies is considered the true test of loyalty for the sup­ porters of the successful candidates 
. . . the Republicans came off as the m ost reasonable this year since 
County Com. JEFF WENTWORTH waited until ll a.m. for his swearing in ceremony . . . the Democrats apparently couldn’t walt that late and had their various ceremonies around 
IO a.m. . . . included in that group was County Com. ALBERT BUSTA­ 
MANTE, 
Tax Assessor-Collector 
BEN SHAW and Constable of P re­ cinct One CHARLIE CAMPOS . . . 

PARTING JIBES . . When former 
County Com. 
FRANK VAUGHAN was presented with a gold watch last week to commemorate his last day as commissioner one Courthouse wag couldn’t help but m urm ur one last remark . . . “ It should say ‘I vote no’” . . . referring the watch’s in­ scription . . . the wag was referring to 
VAUGHAN’S record for consistently being the single “ no” vote on the coart. . . 

THE OLE RUMOR MILL . . . The name of attorney ALMA LOPEZ has been tossed in with some other lawyers who would be interested in a district judgeship if the legislature authorizes the new courts . . . her interests are reportedly aimed at a court established to handle only ju­ venile and family matters. . . 

EXPECT some reorganizing in the 
San Antonio Literacy Council — the council recently ousted longtime dir­ ector MARGARITA D A N TES and one of the first steps toward realign­ ment was the naming of 
JESSE 
HENRY JR. to the council’s board. 
HENRY, is the public relations man for architect and East Side leader 
NORCELL HAYWOOD. 

THAT Jan. 15 city districting elec­ tion may decide more than whether 
San Antonians will elect their council by districts — indications are REV. 
CLAUDE BLACK is planning to step down if the districting proposal is approved by the voters . . . 
Seems BLACK wants to spend a little more time with his church, but he’ll still have his voice in the council 
. . . the heir apparent for bis council sjeat is CHARLES WILLIAMS, who is currently 
BLACK’S campaign manager . . . 

 race by Bernal is being talked 

 v 

King quits to wed his mistress 

 in 5o years. 

Right. We haven’t missed paying a dividend, when due, since the day we opened in 1927! 
That s the unique story of our first 5o years. You don’t reach the age of 5o in the financial world unless you’re doing a lot of things right. We believe we are. So do our customers. And we plan to keep right on doing them right. 
It has a lot to do with attitude. 
TR AVI 5 
SAVI IM GS and loan association 
5o1 North Main Ave. 223-3o21 
663o Callaghan Road 341-7277 
51o9 Walzem Road 
656-66oo 

KING GEO RGE VI 
DUCHESS OE YORK 
. . . took the throne 
. . . becam e queen 

Rot her m ere, had floated an idea to Mrs. Simpson. 
They w ere lunching at 
( brid ges, and he suggest­ ed that a morganatic m ar­ riage might bi* accepted. 
Mrs. Simpson did not un­ derstand what he m eant, and he explained th at, though the king's wife, she would not becom e queen, nor would her ch ild ren have any claim on the succession. 
M rs. 
Sim pson pron­ ounced the suggestion cruel and inhuman. 
But the king saw it as a straw to be clutched and he authorized Harmsworth to lay the proposal before the prime minister. 
The cabinet, meeting in secret, would have none of. it. however. The idea was rejected 
The nine days of c risis staggered on after the news broke to a bewildered and worried British public and the king found him self a surprising ally — Winston 
Churchill. 
Churchill said over lunch at the height fo the crisis: 
“ Why shouldn't the king marry his cutie?’* 
At the sam e table was 
Noel Coward, a man always close to the feelings of the people. 
“ Because.” Coward said. 
“ England does not want a 
Queen Cutie.” 
It was already too late by then. The king closeted himself in Fort Belvedere, his country home near Vir­ ginia Water, Surrey. 
The king was beginning to realize he could not win and by the eighth day of the crisis he was frantic. 
He spent most of his time on the telepnone to M rs 
Sim pson in C annes well aware that his family was bitterly opposed to him. 
Hostess 
Queen Mary was hardly out of mourning for the late king, and as a true and dedicated royal found her­ self unable to support her favorite .son. 
Elizabeth, the Duchess of 
York (the wife of king-to-be 
George VI and mother oi queen-to-be Elizabeth II), who was to become queen on his abdication, shared 
Queen Mary’s principles. 
Nor had E lizabeth fo r­ given him for taking Mrs 
Simpson to Balm oral and installin g her as hostess before all the truly royal ladies. 
Elizabeth, now the much loved 
Queen 
M other, showed her resentment. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH 
. . . now reigning 

Nor did the royal family ca re for I he fact that 
American newspapers con­ stan tly re ferred to M rs. 
Simpson as 
“Queen 
Wally.” ll seem s th at on Day 
Eight, Mrs. Simpson her- 
-aU becam e frightened of the hornet's nest she had stirred. 
Perhaps it had sunk in that what she. as an Amer­ ican, had thought of as a simple matter — becoming the Queen of England — could bring down the monarchy. 
Her understanding of the constitution was nil. Over the phone to her lover she had said 
“ But darling, can ’t you remain Em peror of India even if you’re no longer 
King of England?” 
Pinched 
Now she was prepared to m ake a sta te m e n t, re n ­ ouncing any claim on the king. 
But the king had gone too far to renounce her. 
L a te r ,’ that day, the prim e m in ister read the abdication statement to the 
Commons. 
The following night, 4o years ago, King Edw ard 
VHI broadcast from Wind­ sor Castle to the nation, ex­ plaining his reasons for abdication 
Hts last words — “God bless you all, and God save the King. 
He meant the next king. 
On the destroyer Fury. he then left to join 
“ the woman I love ” 
C h ristm as was com ing and the children of 4o years ago scrawled on pavements and walls: 
Hark! the herald angels sing. 
Mrs. Sim pson’s pinched our King. 

Fire 

 agency people and the people from 
Revlon. C harles was in the control booth As they ran through the com ­ m ercia L, Charles’ voice boomed out through the em pty th eater: “ G E T 
RID OF THAT G IR L, SHE LOOKS 
TOO JE W IS H !” 
And the model, naturally, burst in­ to tears and went running off the stage, with two hours to air time. 
But Charles almost surely did not know that the m ike in the control room was open or that anyone outside would hear him. Which, if so, m akes his conduct a good deal more belie­ vable and a good deal less offensive. 

O ften-unreported circu m stan ces retriev e him from ca ric a tu re . He took his pulse during m eetings, he checked the color of the phlegm in his handkerchief and he had an electro­ ca rd io g ra m taken d aily when he traveled. But he also had two mild 
“ heart attacks” in his mid-4os that were kept very quiet. Knowing that, his hypochondria seems a little less outrageous. 

Many fo rm er Revson asso cia tes spoke of love hate feelings. As one summarized: “ He was not the most wonderful person around and c e r­ tainly not the worst. At tim es, he had the worst characteristics a man can have in his need to diminish people. I think he is most interesting through his contradictions. He could do it all; 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
 and Ice: The Revlon Em pire 

 he could make you want to die and he could make you want to live.” 
Birthplace 
Charles Haskell Revson was born in Som erville, M ass., outside Boston, on Oct. ll, 19o6. 
He grew up with his older brother, 
Jo sep h , and his younger b ro th er, 
Martin, in M anchester, N.H. 
There his father rolled cig ars by hand for the R.G. Sullivan Co. and his mother worked on and off as a sales­ woman and supervisor at a novelty and drygoods store. 
Both were Russian-born Jew s. 
In Manchester, the family lived in a six-unit tenement house. They had running cold w ater, a coal-burning stove for cooking and heat and always plenty of to eat. 
Joseph, in his own way even’ stranger than Charles, fell behind in school because of illness. Though 16 months older, he and Charles were in the same class in elementary school and throughout high school. Martin trailed four years behind. 
The boys walked to school, nearly two miles each way, on even the cold­ est winter mornings. 
Jo sep h , m iraculously, graduated second in their class of 127. 
C harles, who was m ore outgoing than Joseph and whose intelligence was sharper and move intuitive, gra­ duated third or fourth. 
T he M a n ch este r C en tral High yearbook listed Jo e ’s hobby as ” re- 

CHARLES REVSON 
• • . em pire builder 

 citing” and Charles’ as “ argum enta­ tion.” 
The parrot versus the fox. 
Henry De Nies recalls going with 
Charles to look for sum m er w ork.’ 
S tan d in g ou tsid e a shoe sto re , 
C h arles told him , “ Look, I ’m the better talker of the two of us, so let me go in and seg.what I can do.” 

After a while he cam e out. “ W ell,” he said, “ it was pretty rough in there and they only would hire one of us and I got it.” 
He sp ent the su m m er se llin g ladies’ shoes. 
‘Chick’ remembered 

C lass P resid en t R ufus K ing re ­ m em bers that “ C hick,” as Charles w as then c a lle d , w as “ a re a l peewee.” 
He was just 16 when he graduated, and only afterward did he shoot up to his full 5-foot-8 or so. 
He subscribed to Charles Atlas to build up his body, but never in his life weighed much more than 14o pounds. 
Charles’ father, Samuel, whom all three sons called “ the M ajor” (none could rem em ber why), was aa intro­ v erted , 5 -fo o t-l, b a ld in g , d istin - guished-looking man. People said he looked more like a banker. 
He was not a practical thinker; he was an ill-equipped intellectual. 
Martin says he was “ very curious and interested in world affairs, but not too sound in his conclusions.’’ 
One of his friends knew a couple of instructors at St. P a u l’s School in 
Concord, and it seem ed to M artin that they always talked about “ fas­ cinating things they didn t want to have get around — and usually it was about socialism .” 
Charles’ mother, Jeanette, was the taller and more outgoing of his par­ 

 ents — many years younger, more practical, more dynamic; a fair cook, but not much interested in the house. 
W here the M ajor led a secluded life, always reading, her prim e in­ terests were outside. 

She died of a strep throat in 1933. 

It may have been from his mother that Charles inherited much of his drive; the rest would have stemmed from his need to supply the success his father’s pride cried out for, 
New York 

After graduating in 1923, “ Chick" left M anchester for New York, where he sold $16.75 dresses for a cousin s 
P ick w ick D ress Co. T he fa m ily ’s hope that he would become a lawyer began to fad e; he was g ettin g an education in w om en’s fashion in ­ stead. By the tim e he left Pickwick he was a pieeegoods buyer, a job he preferred because it gave him the opportunity to work with m aterials and colors. He supposedly becam e proficient in differentiating between shades of b lack , which dem ands a sensitive eye. 

The story goes that Charles was fired from Pickwick in 193o for buy­ ing too much of a pattern he fell in love with. By the tim e it was appar­ ent the pattern would sell out, he had found himself other work. Supposed­ ly. he went right into selling nail po­ 

 lish for a New Jersey company culled 
Elka. 

Actually, he ran off to Chicago wRh 
Ida Thompkins, daughter of a Penn­ sylvania farm er and a show girl (ac­ cording to sketch y acco u n ts) and married her instead of the lovely girl at Pickwick he’d been expected to wed. His parents were heartbroken. 

He signed up with a Chicago outfit that sold sales-motivation m aterials. 
But 193o was not the most auspicious time to sell them, and for six or nine months things were very bad. He re­ turned to New York with his wife, but had no better luck selling sales plans. 
They soon separated. 

He began selling nail polish for E l­ ka. Then. with his brother Jo sep h and a man named Charles Laclim an, now described altern ately as “ the w orld’s old est liv ing hip p ie” and 
“ the w orld ’s lu c k ie s t m a n ,” he form ed R evlon. The “ L “ was for 
Lachman. who says they were going to name the company Revlae, but it didn’t sound good 

Revlon was born on March I, 1932, when Charles was only 25. Unfocused at this point, his life would be, for the next 43 years, IOO per cent Revlon. 
Monday in the N ew s: Y e s , He 
Painted His Nails 

Copyright by Andrew I ob*m , reprinted horn URI AND ICE by 
Andrew Totwm by perm uu on of W illiam M orrow and C o ., Int 

January 2 1977 

THE M SHAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E DITORI ALS 

Charles Q Kilpatrick 
Editor and Pudhshe' 
William J. Reddell 

Editor of Editorial Page 

A 'no’ vote for freedom 

San Antonio’s Ja n . 15 city c h a r t e r election presents an uncommonly difficult choice to the voters. 
The real issue is whether to accept the Department of J u s ­ tice’s administrative decision that holds San Antonio annex­ ations d i s c r i m i n a t e a g a in st 
M exican-Am erican voters. If voters decline to accept that decision — by r e je c tin g the proposed c h a r t e r c h a n g e to elect council members by dis­ trict — it would force a court interpretation. 
Decision at the polls is made difficult by reason of ob­ vious democratic principle in­ volved in council rep resen ta­ tion by s e p a ra te districts or wards. But the Justice Depart­ ment o rd e r — denying any election without specific per­ mission of the department — makes many of us gag because the o r d e r is based on d ata which is, at best, suspect. 
The most-reliable census t r a c t fig u re s we have seen show the department is wrong. 
The department, through an a s s i s t a n t a tto rn e y g e n e r a l , said the c i t y ’s a n n exation s since mid-1973 have diluted 
Mexican-American voting s tre n g th by 1.4 p e r c e n t a g e points. 
We think the d e p a rtm e n t should prove its charge before it tries to enforce fundamental local g o v e r n m e n t a l c h a n g e based administrative edict. 
San Antonio city councils have annexed where suburbs have grow n , including p rob­ lem-plagued Villa Coronado, which is nearly IOO per cent 
Mexican-American. Villa Cor­ onado was a slum when it was developed. The city annexed and, c o n t r a r y to s ta n d a rd practice, paved the streets and installed city utilities — at no cost to property ow ners. 
But the point is that Justice 
Department functionaries have used flawed data to force dis­ tricting upon San Antonio and that is wrong. 
Annexation has served to keep San Antonio from being debilitated by a ring of other cities, as most other American cities are — to their detriment. 
We favor districting but we object to our tow n ’s being branded as abusing the rights of any person. 
T h e r e a re s e v e ra l advantages to districting. 
It would give black citizens a council seat they couldn't oth erw ise c l a i m . 
On a 
1o-member council, the black population of about six per cent of the total needs help to qua­ lify for a seat. 
It would probably a s s u re 
A n glo-A m erican s of at least three and possibly four seats for the foreseeab le future. 
They will likely lose them all in at-large elections because of the M exican -A m erican birth rate and moves to suburbs are reducing the Anglo-American population in San Antonio. 

It would more nearly assure specific neighborhood issues to be heard in council debates because of more direct neigh­ borhood responsibility upon individual council members. 

Disadvantages of districting include the inevitable tradeoffs among members, probable e r­ osion of the policy function of members in favor of more dir­ ect con trol over o p e ra tin g practice of city departments, and in cre a sin g p re s s u re for patronage at public expense. 

There is no evidence that recent change to districts has improved performance of the 
Bexar delegation to the Texas 
House of Representatives. 

Whether less-affluent d is­ tric ts could find ca n d id a te s who can afford to serve for $2o per m e e tin g is d e b a ta b le. 
P e rs o n s in som e of those neighborhoods are cu rre n tly deeply involved, for no wage, m neighborhood m atters of a public nature. 

However, if the bureaucra­ tic edict for districting is a c ­ cepted, what assurance do we have that other orders won’t follow ? Would $2o per meeting be a bar to poor people serving on the council and could that be an abuse of rights? Could the size of the council be changed by administrative edict? May d is tric t lines be a l t e r e d ? 
Where would it all end? 

We find the questions dis­ turbing because an order is in force, to change the way we elect council m e m b e r s 
— without a court interpretation of the question. 

We c e r t a i n l y d o n ’t fear ch ange. We also have g re a t faith in the ultimate fairness of a council ele cte d under the freest circumstances possible. 
But we do fear unchallenged bureaucrats. 

For our part, we intend to vote “ no” on districting and hope that the m atter will be resolved in court. 

There is time for San An­ tonians to decide how they want their council elected. Ci­ tizens in a free society shouldn’t have to go to the polls with the pistol of an unelected b u r e a u c r a t a im ed at their heads. 

We can live with the status quo for awhile without damage 
— and probably with some good coming from it. The pre­ sent council has evolved a con­ structive and progressive coa­ lition that is resolving some long-standing and basic policy m a t t e rs . T h e J u s t i c e edict cannot remove the council; it merely prevents election of a new one under present condi­ tions. 

LETTERS 

Keep a watch on skies 

 for school-bond flare 

There hasn't been a flare of publicity yet, but watch the skies, there will be. The San 
Antonio School D is tric t is pushing a $49 million bond issue. 
It ll br the first real test of the new board’s standing with its com m unity. 
The Feb. 26 bond issue ca lls for building nine new schools, as well as 
$2 million in renovations and $2 m il­ lion in airconditioning. 
The issue h a sn ’t draw n a lot of support yet. 
But, before all is said and done — and a fte r a few a d ju s tm e n ts a re made — it is expected to net the en­ d orsem en t of C om m unities O rg an ­ ized for Public Service (CO PS) and the San Antonio T each ers’ Council. 
The support of both groups is pro­ bably necessary to pass the issue. . 
Overhauls needed 

San Antonio’s larg est school d is­ tric t is located in the c e n te r-c ity . 
A nd, like a lot of ce n te r-c ity fa c i­ lities. som e face-liftin g and m ajor overhauls are needed. 
B o ard m e m b e rs point out th at along with rev italizin g the school district itself, the bond issue will help in revitalizing downtown. 
Good schools, they say. will help keep people in the a lre a d y e s ta b ­ lished com m unities. 
P assag e of the bond issue would also indicate a com m unity support for the m ajority faction of the board, which has held the d is tric t’s reins since last A pril’s elections. 

VICKIE 
DAVIDSON 

Tho m him ls brat 

Led by Dr. W illiam Elizondo, the new board has been through som e of the flashiest and storm iest tim es iii recent school politics. 
Of course, they have their enem ies. 
The two m inority faction m em bers — 
G race Ann D urr and O scar H ernan­ dez — say they won’t support a bond issue. 
In ad d itio n , B e x a r County Com . 
Albert B ustam ante, a persistent cri­ tic of the b o ard ’s actio n s, sa y s he ca n ’t trust that kind of money with that kind of board. 
Then, there are the people who’ve yelled “ C rystal City — it’s another 
Crystal City takeover” since the new board moved in. 
It’s a change 

The new board is a change, but it’s not a n o th e r C ry s ta l C ity by any stretch of the im agination. 
What it is a change in power from the old m onied-lines that used to live in and control SASD. And, it is an ethnic change from Anglo control to M exican-A m erican control. 
What with the suburban flight and 
Civil R igh ts legislation of the last years, a chan ge of ethnic and mon- led-power had to be expected som e­ 

 where down the line. 
The suburban flight has m eant that 
SASD enrollm ent dropped from m ore than 7o,ooo to 64.o(H) in the last IO or so years. 
At the sam e tim e, the ethnic p er­ centages increased so that m ore than 
67 per cent of the enrollm ent is M ex­ ica n -A m e rica n and 16 p er ce n t is black. 
In the school d istrict — like every­ where else — you can see the changes m ade by civil rights legislation. 
In the past it hasn’t alw ays been easy for m inorities to vote (m uch less hold power) — “ After all where did the stre e ts used to be? W’ho could afford tran sp o rtatio n to g et to the p olls?” rem ind s one longtim e San 
Antonio resident. 
Ethnic first 

T he E lizon d o g ro u p is th e first ethnic m inority to assum e m ajority power on the SASD board. And, it ap p aren tly plans to build a pow er base. 
T h e y ’ re h irin g th e ir p eop le. 
They’re no doubt working with ven­ d ors. A bond issu e would ce m e n t their status even further. 

School boards are most always po­ litic a l. S u cce ssfu l p o litick in g r e ­ q uires a pow er b ase. So you c a n ’t fault the board or the Elizondo fac­ tion with try in g to build one — as long as they’re ethical, honest. 

What it boils down to is the bond issue could serv e two purposes. It could im prove the school dis­ trict and it could im prove the power base of the W illiam Elizondo group. 

‘What did you expect after all these years of neglect?’ 
The F o x sings a familiar song 

 ll you sensed a vaguely fa­ miliar theme iii the press con­ ference Ila I lad warbled last week by municipal union boss 
Henry Munoz, you were right on target. 
Before the w hirring cam eras and hum m ing tape recorders of electron­ ic newshawks. Munoz lashed out al the Com m unities Organized for Pub­ lic Service (C O PS), 
The way the little labor politico told it, COPS is anti-union and anti-jobs. 
The chief of the b u s d rivers union, 
R obert T hom pson, w a s on hand to add his a g reem en t t h a t t h e r e is a b asic d iv e rg e n ce in a i m s b e t w e e n unions and the n e i g h b o r h o o d o r g a n i ­ zation 
Very impressive 

It was all very im pressive — except it had a fam iliar ring 
The Munoz song didn’t have such wide exposure the first tim e around and avoided a direct attack on COPS. 
But n everth eless, back about this tim e a ypar ago the union chief took on C O PS w hich w as then b attlin g 

KEM PER 
DIEHL 

I ho 1‘n h lii \ hoi ll 

 against the superm an in the aquifer referendum cam paign. 
Munoz cam e down heavily in wide­ ly -d istrib u te d le tte r s to union m em b ers u rg in g a vo tin g for th e mall. 
His them e was the sam e as that pushed by the cham ber of com m erce and developers — p rojects like the superm an were vital for the creation of jobs. 
And he ripped into “ the people who are lighting against w ell-regulated, responsible developm ent.” 
New alliance 

 lf Munoz, who signs his letters as 
“ The F o x ,” was singing the e sta b ­ lishment tune last y e a r,-could it be that his current song will charm the business-oriented leaders of the new 
Alliance for a B etter City (A B C )? 

It very well could be. 
After all, ABC is frankly com m it­ ted lo dom inating this spring’s city council selections. 
I f s cle a r that CO PS, boasting a stro n g g r a s s ro ots issu e -o rie n te d m em bership in many of the proposed new council d istricts, is the big ob­ stacle to an ABC sweep. 
“ The way to fight CO PS is with hard-hats,” observed one local poli­ tical sage last week, suggesting that 
ABC strateg ists will be pushing the them e that the com m unity groups a re bad for p aych eck s of w orking people. 
Called smart 

“ Someone at ABC is doing wb at’s sm a rt,” he suggested, noting that it was a cam paign aimed at blue-collar w orkers last fall which defeated a stiff nuclear regulation proposition in 
California 
Insiders an ticip a te that m uch of labor will be lining up with ABC. 
They noted that AFL-CIO President 
Connie Truss was at the kick-off ses­ sion of the new organization. 
And they have heard that a whole pride of labor leaders recently held a 

 pow wow with a key ABC figure at El 
Troptcano Motor Hotel. 
Munoz and oth er public em ploye union chiefs m ake no bones of their plans to take an active role in the eity e lectio n s. (C h a rte r p rovisions a re supposed lo restrain overt politicking by city w orkers, but may not stick .) 
Quiz sessions 

The union leaders plan to hold quiz sessions with council can d id ates to review their positions on m atters of interest to city workers. 
Of ch ie f in te r e s t, of c o u r s e , is money. 
F o r s t a r t e r s , M unoz w an ts city em ployes to re ce iv e a eash going- away present of up to 9o days sick pay when they leave the municipal pay­ roll. 

City personnel ex p e rts c a lcu la te this w ill cost $85o,ooo a year for City 
Hall w orkers alone. Thompson says he wants the sam e sort of a rra n g e ­ ment for his transit workers. 
No doubt Housing A uthority, City 
W ater Board and City Public Service workers will expect it, too, 
F ir e an d p o lice union le a d e r s , 

 meanwhile, are determ ined to retain the even m ore generous accum ulated sick leave b en efits they o b tain ed through the legislative skill of Sen. 
Frank Lom bardino. 
Councilmen who agree to all this, of course, ean be expected to run short of money for neighborhood im prove­ ment projects sought by COPS. 
They m ig h t even have to ra is e taxes or utility rates — another move opposed by COPS. In fact, two m ajor clash es betw een COPS and Munoz involved rate boosts the com m unity group opposed and the union favored. 
Meetings 

And, while the city employe unions arc “ screening” council candidates, 
COPS groups w ill be inviting them to appear at public* m eetings to answer 
I ii est ions. 
When such public scrutiny is added to the vast chan ge inherent iii the anticipated switch to district voting, the 1977 ca m p a ig n could get unu­ sually close to the g rass roots. 
It might even get well beyond those quick, slick TV com m ercials which have been dom inating the city politi­ cal scene. 

TM* new spaper w elcom e, le fte r* from it* ro ad er*. 
They should bo short, not over M O words, and Hwy mutt bo signed. H owever, only roaders* initiate will ba used if 
HfO request is modo. Unsigned letters will net bq pub­ lished. Th* papar reserves H»o right to edit any latter to r length, good taste or legal reasons. Latter writers must include their proper address and telephone number — which will not be published — se the correct identity of tho writer can be established. Send letters to P.O. Bon 
J I 7 1 , San 4 g to n lo , Texas 7 I M 7 . 

W righ t’s views 

S ir: One of o u r new n a tio n a l leaders, Jim W right, in his just-won position as House m ajority leader has afforded us an interesting and en­ lightening insight into his philosophy of officialdom m orals. 
He is quoted as telling us, referring to recent congressional scandals, “ I have a very strong feeling that if m ore m em bers of Congress had their wives w orking m o re closely with th em , had them m o re in tim ately involved in their official duties, you wouldn’t have all these sordid sex scandals.” 
Showing his s trict ad herence to that strong feeling, W right’s wife, 
Betty, keeps intim ately involved in his official duties, by occupying a position as an adm inistrative assis­ tant on the staff of the House Public 
W orks Com m ittee for a paltry salary of $25,ooo a year. 

In addition, in order to conform with an extension of th at stron g fe e lin g , W rig h t h a s one of bis daughters also working on the staff of a House com m ittee at a handsome salary. 

T h u s, we do p ro te c t o u r fine congressm an from F o rt Worth from the ever-present, highly-dangerous, sex tem ptations of congressional se r­ vice in Washington. 

In discussing the propriety of the co n g ressio n al co m m itte e em p lo y ­ m en t of his w ife and d a u g h te r, 
W right p o n tificated th at they ob­ tained their positions on their own, and that they are highly com petent. 
He added that he and his wife are 
“ agonizing” over w hether she should keep her job. All of this is unadul­ terated hypocritical drivel. 

This is the sam e con gression al leader who has pledged “ to scrub the tarnished im age” of Congress. He opposed the replacem ent of a House subcom m ittee ch airm an a fte r the chairm an had been censured by the 
House for conflicts of interest and abuse of power. 

If we put our hope for an untainted 
Congress m ade up of men and women of probity and incorruptibility, we are doomed to failure if its leaders have flaccid consciences such as Jim 
W rig h t’s. To p a ra p h r a s e S h a k e ­ speare, we need “ m en with hearts as fa r from frau d a s h eaven from earth .” 
Roy M. Mueller 

V ague principles 

Sir. As a liberal D em ocrat, I al­ w ays like to read c o n s e r v a tiv e 
Republican Pat Buchanan’s column to know what the “ enem y” is think­ ing. But lately bis paragraphs have become more disgusting than infor­ m ative as he exp resses his sour grapes over President Ford ’s narrow defeat. 

Moderates, nonideolosjr*** and in­ dependents m ust bew are th at B u ­ chanan is not a dedicated conserva­ tive in the sam e vein as Ja m e s J . 
Kilpatrick or W illiam F . Buckley. 
Like his m en tor. R ich ard N ixon. 
Buchanan is a man without definite principles, except for a vague anti- intellectual lower middle class kind of reactionariness. lf Nixon would have proposed such things as allow­ ing m arijuana dealers lo accept food stam ps or the invasion of Nova Scotia during the final days, 
Buchanan would probably have written the speech. 

Buchanan's heroes, besides Nixon, include those New York City co n ­ struction w orkers who beat up an­ tiwar dem onstrators several y ears ago. These thugs — like the Black 
Hundreds in Czarist Russia, the Ku 
Flux Flan in the post-Reconstruction 
Amebean South, or early followers of 
Hitler and Mussolini — represent the heroic patrioiie working class so dear to the forces of reaction. Like the 
ROAR o r g a n i z a t i o n iii Boston, known for expressing their opposition to busing by beating up blacks and occasionally attack in g a fem inist gath erin g for good m e a su re , B u ­ chanan and his follow ers oppose every social justice m easure proposed. 

I do not know w hat a n tiw a r dem onstrators, fem inists, con serva­ tionists, blacks. Am erican Indians, gays, pacifists, intellectuals, left-of- eenter union officials, trendy liberal media personalities, or any others that Buchanan hates so violently did to make him so angry at them . Un- fortuantely, politics and government bring out the worst in som e. Those who need to hate saw President-elect 
C arter's cam paign rhetoric of “ love and peace" as evidence of weakness and 
“ effem ininancy” ; but the people who elected him saw him as being strong because of his compassion. 
Nick Shuler 

(j>ator aids Sujjar 

Sir: I am m aking a resolution for the New Y ear: I ain not going to watch the G ator Bowl on television next year, if it is televised. 

This y ear’s gam e between Notre 
Dame and Penn State turned into a three-hour com m ercial for the Sugar 
Bowl 

I d o n ’t m ind th e te le v is io n networks and the local .stations ad­ vertising for them selves, but those promotions and plugs for the Sugar 
Bowl w ere so incessan t that they ruined a perfectly dull gam e. 
( M n 

* 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jonuary 2 1 9 7 / 

Meet Prince Andrew, the second- string king 

 man the school’s 63-foot train in g yacht through ocean gales and made the first team in soccer. 
“He’s never lush with money,” one schoolmate was quoted as saying. 
“ He’s usually as hard up as the rest of us.” 
On a three-week school exchange trip to Toulouse. France, he went as plain “ Andrew Edwards,” and only the doctor’s family he stayed with was the wiser. A teacher there later described him as “a lively boy with the good and bad points of any 
14-year-oW.” 
Harder to hide 

But as he nears his 17th birthday, 
Feb. 19, big blond Andrew g ets harder to hide. Combining the best of his mother’s and father’s looks, he has been described by a g irl schoolmate as “ dishy.” 
Teenyboppers turned out in gushes when he visited the Montreal Olym­ pics with his parents last sum m er, and one, after glimpsing him. sighed 
“better than Robert Redford." 
Reports from Gordonstoun indicate 
Andrew is a dashing dresser, has no steady girlfriend, prefers dancing over schoolwork and sports over both. 
One newspaper report said he is already an inch taller than Prince 
Charles, who is 5 feet ll. A palace spokesm an said Andrew was last recorded as 5 feet lOVfe, “ but he’s been growing so fast recently I really couldn’t say." 
Andrew’s fast-approaching m an­ hood was pointed up recently when he visited Charles aboard the crown prince’s minesweeper BMS Broning- ton. The colum nists sp ecu lated whether he would follow Charles to school in Australia, to university, to flight school, to the Royal Navy. 

No decision 
Looking ahead for the answers 

PRINCE ANDREW is preparing to becom e the standby king o f Britain. 

Prince Andrew brings to mind the old days when a king was the boldest, roughest guy in the neighborhood. 

ASSOCIATED WISS 
LONDON — Hidden away at a no-nonsense prep school in 
Scotland, a tough 16-year-old youth with movie-star looks is preparing to be standby king of 
Britain. 

He is Prince Andrew Albert Chris­ tian Edward, second son of Queen 
Elizabeth ll, second in line for the throne and by all accounts the swashbuckling extrovert of the royal family. 
His elder brother Prince Charles, heir to the crown, has grown from a shy teen-ager • into an urbane 
28-year-old. P rince E dw ard, 12, youngest of the queen’s four children, is said to be quiet and sensitive. 
Black eye 

But Andrew brings to mind the old days when a king was the boldest, roughest guy in the neighborhood. 
His father Prince Philip attested to that two years ago when he turned up one day with a right royal black eye and confessed having underestim at­ ed the boy during a spot of bedtime horseplay. 
At Gordonstoun school, where the students, but not the staff, call him 
Andy, few pay him special attention, with the prominent exception, it is said, of opponents on the soccer field and whatever teen-age girls have the luck to catch sight of him. 
The low 'profile is stric t p a la c e ' policy, and even the nosiest London gossip colum nists get only a rare peep through the screen erected by the royal parents. 

“They want him to have as normal a childhood as possible. He’ll be in the lim elight the rest of his life,” explains a Buckingham Palace spo­ keswoman. 
But tid b it by tid b it a p ic tu re emerges. The first child born to a reigning sovereign since 1857, 
(Charles was born before his mother acceded to the throne). Andrew had in his first year a voice of formidable volume, foretokening his reported blunt outspokenness as a teen-ager. 
He had a placid disposition back then, and was like a big doll to his sister Anne, then IO, now 26. 
Mischievous 
In later years it was whispered he had become the Khan of the tricycle set, a mischievous menace to nan- niedom, and to the queen’s short- legged and high-strung corgis the wildly pedaling bane of an otherwise exalted existence. 
B rief parag rap h s recorded his milestones: at age 6 his first pony, at 
7 measles, at 8 Cub Scouts, long pants and boarding school. Like Charles he went first to Heatherdown at Ascot, only a long bike ride from Windsor 
C astle, w here he was rep o rted a 
, standout at soccer and cricket. 
And who~feicked the soccer ball through the 
M rs. 
W indsor’s greenhouse? Who I otated the palace- top TV antennas, hid whoopee cu­ shions in the chairs of the m ighty. 

 sw itched the sparkplug lead s on father’s car and watched delighted as he strpggled to start it? Andrew, the gossip columnists said — and if her majesty was not amused, there was at least elder brotherly approval. 
Andrew’s adventurous spirit first aroused notice in careening pedal car dashes through palace corridors. A few years later he tried to see how far he could lean over a pier w ithout falling in and was snatched back just in time by the hand that rules the realm. 
Joyrider 

At 9 he was driving his motorized go-kart about the grounds and not long afterward was reported to have borrowed Charles’ sleek Aston M ar­ tin for an unauthorized spin at Bal­ moral. This year he made his first solo flight in a sailplane. 
Gordonstoun is losing the reputa­ tion for character-building cold baths and calisthentics that it had when 
Prince Philip and Prince C harles went there. It is coed now , but still a good way from soft or permissive. It has an exchange program with a 
Canadian school, in which Andrew will participate this year. 
Beyond being the only kid with his own detective, there is little to set 
Andrew apart from his schoolmates. 
He has joined with a will in dormitory roughhouse — once landing in the hospital with a concussion — helped 

WASHINGTON - English sage G. K. Chesterton once observed that the most impor­ tant event in English history was something that didn’t happen. 
That was a violent political revolu­ tion like the French upheaval of 1789. 
The restrained preparations for the new C arter adm inistration, and the relative calm that has m arked the b rie f F ord e ra , a re hopeful re ­ minders of a crucial event of our time that didn’t happen. 
Two presidents predicated much of their Vietnam War policies on the fear that if we suffered a humiliating defeat, it would be followed by a descent into national demoralization, a plague of divisiveness, a revival of 
McCarthyism that would rend socie­ ty. 
After all, something of the sort had happened after the victories in World 
Wars I and ll when the peace went sour and at the end of the Korean War when we settled for a tie. 
So there was reason to believe the turm oil th a t would follow an out- and-out defeat could be calamitous. 
Ii didn't occur 
Well, we were defeated in Vietnam, but the orgy of recrimination didn’t occur. 
Perhaps the internal tumult that this misadventure caused exhausted the national emotions, explaining the calm. 
But I am impressed by the contrast between the reserve, low-key mood today and the tumultuous one that was boiling up in the afterm ath of 
World War II when I first joined this column under Drew Pearson. 
Som etim es, the view ahead be­ comes clearer if we pause a moment to look back on the course we have covered. 
Drew Pearson, who like the rest of us, was not infallible, was often a true prophet of the times. 
He had supported the war against 
Hitlerism; still, he anticipated the post-world War II binge of Ameri­ canism and dollar imperialism. 
It was his view of history, rein­ forced by the World War I cycle that 

JACK 
ANDERSON 

 i-roin ti a sh inf-ton 

 instructed his formative years, that war and its afterm ath infected a democracy with totalitarian viruses and a corrupted ethos. 
A prolonged national war footing, he believed, fostered a m entality intolerant of dissent abd of individual rights. 
Secrecy exalted 
It exalted secrecy while m aking openness suspect. 
Its glorification of battlefield bru­ tality fevered the robed and unrobed vigilantes. 
Its dislocations opened voids that invited the repressive demagogues. 
Its grab-bag of arm s contracts and economic controls was bound to sti­ mulate a plague of fixers and wire­ pullers. 
It raised to pow er those whom 
Drew held as least fit to govern a dem ocracy — authoritarians deve­ loped by the hierarchies of arm s, ac­ quisitiveness and efficiency; namely, the generals, the Wall Street finan­ ciers, the production czars. 
Wherever a self-proclaimed patriot raised his voice, Drew half expected to find not just an im postor but a crook. 
Wherever imperial pomp surfaced or government secrets were guarded with obsessive zeal, he devined that another travesty of the dem ocratic process was afoot. 
And whenever generals took up the portfolios of diplom ats or ex-finan­ ciers gathered to assist in rebuilding som e u n fo rtu n ate co u n try , Drew sniffed about for a mouse. 
Occasional error 
He was thus directed by a philo­ sophy which led him into occasional error but which, on the whole, posi­ tioned him aptly for the events of the coming era. 

In expose journalism, receptivity is the key. lf was to Drew believable, even li­ kely, that those who had become fat on the w ar-bloated economy were scoundrels. 
He pursued them with the zest and exhumation of an irrepressible idea­ list. 
These were the preliminaries to a decade of journalistic combat against the postwar virus of that time, which infected some cabinet officers, con­ gressional leaders, generals and ad­ mirals and, alas, newspaper people. 

But the m ost noxious v iru s, poisoning the body politic, was the notion that the United States should initiate a preventive war, preferably nuclear, th at would cripple world communism before it overtook us. 
For adherents more sensitive to public relations or less willing to face up to the gore, the preventive war panacea took the form of a diplomacy of ultimatum and showdown, of con­ frontation and provocation, from which Joseph Stalin and Mao Tse- tung were supposed to back down. 

Domestic affairs 
In domestic affairs, the sam e ad­ herents called for what amounted to a patriotic orthodoxy suitable for the rig o rs of world stru g g le , to be achieved by unmasking supposedly widespread treason; making lists of the disloyal and lukewarm; censoring unhelpful news; fumigating libraries, classrooms and pulpits; broadening the cloak-and-dagger functions of the 
FBI and the CIA, and reinterpreting away whatever constitutional prohi­ bition might interfere. 

When the late Sen. Joe McCarthy began his C om m unists-in-govern- m ent cam paign, an aroused Drew 
Pearson was not content to criticize him. 

Drew became personally embroiled in a protracted, ugly, bitter-end bat­ tle against McCarthy, the man and the ism. 
Drew regarded Richard Nixon with the same hostility. Scarcely had the young Whig from Whittier made his 
Bite your tongue, 1976 

WASHINGTON - As with every year people said a lot of things in 1976 that they’re sorry for. Here are possibly a 
. few of them. 
Aren’t you glad you’re not the per­ son who said to Ronald Reagan, “ if you want to win the R epublican nomination you have to take Penn­ sylvania. and the only person who can do that for you is Sen. Richard 
Schweiker.” 
Or the adviser who said to P re ­ sident Ford, "They’re all good men, but the only way to beat Jim m y 
Carter is to take Robert Dole as your running mate. You’re a nice guy and 
.ou need a hatchet man.” 
Or the fellow who said to Sen. John 
Tunney, “ You’re not going to believe this, but guess who the Republicans are going to run against you — a 
7o-year-old E nglish p rofessor of 
Japanese ancestry named Hayakawa. 
Ha, ha, ha!" 
Wayne Hays 
And lest we forget the friend of 
Rep. Wayne Hays, D-Ohio, who said, 
“ W ayne, I d like you to m eet 
Elizabeth Ray — Elizabeth, I d like you to meet Congressman Wayne 
Hays.” 
Or the chap who said to P rin ce 
Bernhard, “Your Highness, I want to introduce you to a friend of mine from Lockheed Aircraft. He only wants a few minutes of your time.” 
Or the agriculture official who said 

ART 
BUCHWALD 

The lighter side 

 to Secretary E arl Butz on an a ir­ plane, “ Mr. Secretary, did you ever tell John Dean why the blacks don’t vote Republican?” 
And how about the public relations man attached to the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff who said to Gen. George Brown, 
“ There’s a newspaperm an outside who wants to interview you about Is­ rael. I think it would be good for your image.” 
Playboy 
Not to mention the campaign aide who said to Jim m y C arter, “ When 
Playboy talks to you, be sure to tell them what’s in your heart.” 
Or the man who said to P rim e 
Minister Tanaka, "M r. Prim * Min­ ister, I want to introduce you to a friend of mine from Lockheed Air­ craft. He only wants a few minutes of your tim e." 
And while we’re at it let’s not for­ get the three comrades of Madame 
Mao Tse-tung, who told her, “Once the old man croaks, we’ll take over the country. Ha, Ha, ha.” 
Or the military adviser to Gen. ldi 
Amin who told him, “The Israelis would never dare challenge the in* 

 first m isrepresentation than Drew 
•cast the evil eye on him. 

Various strains of the virus contin­ ued to infect the succeeding adm inistrations down through Lyn­ don Johnson and Richard Nixon, lin­ gering with them , causing them to misconstrue the global dangers. 

Now Jim m y Carter prepares to as­ sume power in an atmosphere m ar­ kedly different from that which con­ fronted his favorite president, Harry 
Truman. 

Gone from air 

Gone from the air we breathe are the grandiose notions of world m is­ sion, the chimera of unlimited U.S. 

 vincible armed military might of 
Uganda.” 
Or the assistant to Vice President 
Rockefeller who said, “ T here are some student hecklers outside. Why don’t you show them with your finger what you think of them." 
Or the diplom at who said to the 
French and British backers of the 
Concorde, “ You just get the plane built and FII take care of getting permission for it to land or take off.” 
Or the person who said to Italian 
Premier Rumor, “ I want to introduce you to a friend of mine from Lock­ heed Aircraft. He only wants a few minutes of your tim e.” 
And, of course, the man (or was it a woman) who said, “ Mr. Congress­ man, this is Tong Sun Park. He’d like to help finance your election campaign.” 
Reasoner 
As well as the prodicer who said to1 
Harry Reasoner at ABC-TV, “ Three guesses whom you’re Roing to share the news with?” 
Or the aide who told P resid en t 
Ford, “ In the debates with C arter, don’t forget to mention the Polish people,” 
And the ABC soundman who told his su p erio rs during the first presidential debate, “ We’re all set to1 go.” 
And finally to end out the year, the sailor who said to the captain of the tanker Argo Merchant off Nantucket, 
“ Aye aye, sir, w e’re right on course!” 

 resources, the grand agenda for do­ mestic transformation. 

Gone, too, is the excitem ent, the dynam ism , the sense of vaulting purpose and great deeds ahead. 

Is it because we have grown more mature, less tempestuous or because we have grown soft? Is it because we have gained som ething or lost something? Both, probably. The ab­ sence of hysteria, jingoism and mes­ sianic visions is a gain, but the apathy and resignation of the day may be the reverse side. 

The trouble with history, by defin­ ition, is th a t it d o esn’t give any answers in advance. 

We will have to find out at our own hazard. 

The palace insists no decision has been made yet, and the public role for which m em bers of the royal family get their allowances won’t start till Andrew leaves school. 

It also emphatically denies news­ paper reports that Andrew is being especially groomed as an understudy to step into Prince Charle s shoes should tragedy strike. 

But Britons are aware that several times in their history the heir appar­ ent has missed wearing the crown through death or abdication. Kings 
G eorge V and VI w ere younger brothers. The la tte r’s d a u g h te r, 
Queen Elizabeth herself, was born second in line. And these days inter­ national te rro rism ca sts a new shadow over anyone prominent. 

Study This Spring 

 at lrinity University 

Undergraduate study in 43 major fields, graduate study in 23 areas of study, and over 5o continuing education courses offered. 

Registration Jan. 5 
Classes begin Jan. 6 
Last day to register, Jan. 14 

All students must apply and furnish all academic records prior to Jan. 5. 

For further information call: 
Undergraduate information: 736-72o1 
Graduate information 736-7611 

Continuing Education classes now form ing, call: 
736-7225, 736-7213 
Trinity University 

715 Stadium Drive • San Antonio, Texas 78284 
Excellence in Personalized Education 

Poge 
6-H 
Sqn Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday Januery 2 1977 

A weekly guide to culture happenings in San Antonio 

T E N N E S S E E IN S. A.: One of Tennessee W illia m s’ plays opens this week in an unusual performance. 

“ Camino Real” will be produced by a professional touring company. 
The 
Acting Company, at Trinity 
University. 

The company is under the direction of John Housem- nan, winner of an Academy 
Award for his role in the film “ The Paper Chase” and recently the winner of the National Theater Con­ ference’s annual award for his “ outstanding achieve­ ment in the Am erican 
Theater.’’ 
IN W ILLIAM S’ P L A Y — 
Robert Bocigalupi, a member of The Acting Company, will star in Tennessee W illiams' 
“ Cam ino R e a l" beginning Friday. See H oopla and Stage. 
The show w ill be pre­ sented in four perfor­ mances before going on to a 

 and m aintained by T exas Pants A 
W ild life 
D E P T 
M o n Son 
IO 4, adults 25 cents, children o12 ten cents, ch ild re n under 
6 free. 
Guided tours. 
O L O S A N A N T O N IO E X H IB I T , 
H istoric scenes of Old Son Antonio. 
Bolivar Hall, L a Villita, sponsored by 
S a n 
A n t o n io 
C o n s e r v a tio n 
Society, 
227 9o42. 
Tues Sat 
IO 5, 
Sun 11-6, Free 
O L O U R S U L I N E C O N V E N T , 3oo 
A ugusta Built in 1851, Son Anton io's only rem aining exam ple of 
F re n c h a rc h ite c tu re 
H o m e of 
Southwest Craft 
Center C reative 
Art 
School 
M o n -F ri 9 3o-5, v isi­ tors welcome, free. 
R E M E M B E R 
T H E 
A L A M O 
T H E A T E R 
M U S E U M , 
A la m o 
Plaza 
A m ulti m edia presentation recreating the siege of the A lam o 
D aily 9 OO to 5:3o. adults $1.75, children 
(4-12) 
75 cents, octive m ilitary (w /ID ) $1 25 
SA N F E R N A N D O C A T H E D R A L , 
Cornerstone laid In 1748. W est side of M ain Plaza. 227-2197 
S C H R O E D E R 
/ 
V T U R R I 
H O U S E M U S E U M A 
A R C H IV E S , 
1ooo E. Com m erce. 
Restored by the City W ater B o a rd for adaptive use os o m useum and a rch ive s of tne history of w ater in the San 
A n ton io o re a 
G ro u p to u rs of m useum a rra n g e d th ro u gh the 
City W ater Board Office. IOO! 
E 
M arket St phone 225 7461 
S P A N I S H 
G O V E R N O R ' S 
P A L A C E , 
I OS 
M ilit a r y 
P lo z o . 
M on Sot 9 5, Son 15, m orning tours by appointm ent; adults 25 cents, chikdren IO cents 
S T E V E S H O M E S T E A D A G A R ­ 
D E N , 5o9 K in g W illiam . 225-5924 
Owned and m aintained bv the San 
A n to n io C o n s e r v a tio n 
S o c ie ty , 
224 6163 G e rm an residence built in 
1876 D o ily 1-5, m orning tours by a p p o in tm e n t; a d u lts 
75 cen ts. children 25 cwnts. 
Y T U R R I 
E D M U N D S 
M I L L 
A 
R E S I D E N C E . 
257 
Y e llo w sto n e , 
534-8237, San Antonio C onservation 
Society m aintained 
Adobe block structure, built 184o 186o Restored 
G rist M ill in operation Open Tues, 
A Sat 1o-2, with grist dem onstra lions at ll A I on Tues & Sot. No adm ission gro u p tout s by appointm ent 

M C N A Y A R T I N S T IT U T E , 6ooo 
N New Braunfels, 824-5368 Sylvan and M a ry L o n g Collection; 
19th ond 2oth 
C e n tu ry potntins and scu lp tu re fro m the p e rm a n e n t collection; 
Gothic and m edieval ort from the O poenheim er Coilec lion. Tues Sat 9-5, Sun 2-5, closed 
Mon. 
S A N A N T O N IO 
M U S E U M 
OF 
T R A N S P O R T A T I O N , H e m is F a ir 
Plaza W ay, 
226 12o1. 
Perm anent exhibit of va rio u s m odes of Iran sportotion: antique classic cars, h o rse d ro w n carriages, streetcars. 
W orld W ar 
I 
•‘Je n n y '' airplane, only authentic stagecoach In Tex os. Daily 1o-6, voluntary contribu tions suggested: adults SO cents, children 25 cents 
W IT T E M E M O R I A L M U S E U M , 
38o1 B ro a d w a y , 826-o647. "S ta r 
Spangled H isto ry " An exhibit of b lack on d w hite d r a w in g s bv m agic lantern artist Joseph B o gg s 
Beale, with accom panvin a audio visual Drese--tc>tion, opening Jan 74 thru Feb 
18; a special exhibit of ten Paintings from the Dou gherty 
C arr 
A rts 
Foundation, including w orks bv C hagan 
D u ly and Rcn 
Cir, thru Jan 
JI 
A lso continuing, 
"S a n Antonio Is,,.," Interpretive multi im age exhibit about exciting 
San Antonio presented in a unique t h e a tr e -g a lle r y v e n v iro n m e n t. 
W e e kd a y s 
9 5, w e e ke n d s 
1o 6. voluntary contributions suggested adults 
5o cents, children under twelve 25 cents. 

IN PO PS C O N C E PT— 
Pianist-composer Cy Colem an will be featured in a San Antonio 
Sym phony pops concerts W ednesday night. See Hoopla and Music. 

 sh o p s w ith p ro fe ss io n a l a rtist ond/or .craftsm en in residence. 
Tues Sat 1o 5 3o, Sun I S 
C L U T T E R W O O D G A L L E R Y , 
53o9 M cC ullough Paintings, drn.. ings, photographs A limited edition graphics bv 
Christine 
A m orger, 
N e llie 
B a e l. 
R ic h a t d 
F ie ld e n , 
D a n n y G e isle r, 
D m itri 
P e tro v, leon Sariano, 
Sue Shield s and 
George Stum berg. 
M on Sat 
1o 6, 
Sun I 5 
C O P P IN I A C A D E M Y OF F I N E 
ARTS, 115 M e lrose Place E xh ib i lion featuring sculpture by 
Dr. 
Wotdine 
A 
Touch 
Opening tea 
Jan 
9 
Also, paintings by Joyce 
W ard, Jam es B. Lem ons. Lucille 
E d g o r la n , 
M a r q u a n d . 
E v e ly n 
Freem an, arid B a rb a ra Tarsikes. 
C O R N E R 
G A L L E R Y , 
4th 
A 
Main, Blan co Pain tings of the h id 
Country by hill country artists. 
Daily IO 6, Sun by appointm ent 
G A L L E R I A 
3o7 
H O U S E 
O F 
ARTS, 3o7 H e m isF o ir Plaza W ay 
All m edium s by A rdyth H aecker, 
Connie Hoese, 
O C . Gilbert, Flo 
Scott, Ann M isch er, Jean Polrett. 
Aquabelle Porterfield, Pot G irard. 
M on Sot 12 5 Call 227 o527 
C L A S S E R S 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y , 
2121 N 
M ain A ve 
New gallery artists Jeon M artin. B ria n Donjon. 
Edna Hibei Oils. w atercolors and pastels by C lay M c G a u g h y 
G o r­ don West, E d Wittm ann Bill Zoner, 
E A 
H e rb e s. ly o n 
M c D o u g a i, 
L o rry 
Anschutz, 
G ilbert D u ran, 
Sonto D uron, N ancy H aw kin s and 
M ickey Carlisle M on Sat 9-6 
G R A P H I C S G A L L E R Y , 4o3 6 
Com m erce 
W oodcuts bv R ich a rd 
Conn, Sum t p ointings by 
Helen 
Fester, prints and posters, Tucs- 
Wed 11 5 3o, T b u rs Sat 11-9, Sun 
16 
H E L O T E S 
A R T 
G U IL D , 
1o6o3 
Bandera Rood W orkshops in p ro ­ gre ss 
Phone 
695 9141 
Tues Sun 

H IS T O R Y 
S A S A N T O N IO 

T H E M IS S IO N S . To tour the four m ission*, follow the M issio n Trai* m arke rs beginning at 
Roosevelt 
Avenue and M issio n Road, Roo seven Park 
JOSE N A V A R R O S T A T E H I S ­ 
T O R IC SIT E , 228 S Laredo, hom e of Fam ous Texas patriot, owned 

O P E N IN C 
T U E S 
T H E 
L I G H T O F 
E X ­ 
P E R I E N C E and N A T IO N A L G A L ­ 
L E R Y OF 
ART, P A R T I, Third 
Floor 
A u d itoriu m . 
San 
A ntonio 
M ain Lib rary, 2o3 S St. M a r y 's At 
12 15 8, 7 Free 
W E D 
T H E P R O D U C E R S . San 
Antonio F ilm 
Society, 
C h ap m an 
Graduate Center, Trinity U niver sitv 
At 
7 3o $1 m em bers, l l 5o non m em bers. 
T H U R S 
A 
F R I : 
S M M 
F I L M 
F E S T IV A L , by San Antonie film m akers. San Antonio M u se u m of 
M odern Art, 531 West W oodlawn 
At 8 Free 
T H U R S SAT 
F R A N K E N S T E I N , 
M u lti P u r p o s e 
R o o m 
T r in it y 
U niversity 
At 7 A 9 JO T hurs A 
F r i, m id n ig h t 
So t 
75 c e n ts students, SI.25 public 
SAT: 
F A N T O M A S . 
First 
Surrealist film (1913) by Feudlode. 
San Antonio M u se u m of M odern 
A ri 
SJI W est W oodlaw n 
At 8 99 cent donation 

111f 
Jr 
Ww' \ 
' \ iwmm. 

IN M E L O D R A M A — 
Skip Aikens gets a little loving from Jan Bolton in M elodram a 
Theater's “Gaslight G aieties." See Hoopla and Stage. 

F R I 
C A M I N O 
R E A L , 
Trinity 
Theater One, 224 5532 
Tennessee 
W il lia m s ' p la y p r e s e n te d b y professional touring com pany. The 
A ctin g C o m p an y 
T h ro u gh next 
Sun At 8 JO F ri & Sat, and at 2 JO 
Sat A Sun. $7 5o-112 5o 
Tickets ot all Joske s stores 
F R I: G A S L IG H T G A I E T I E S — 
A n d o ld -fa sh io n e d 
M e lo d r a m a 
E v e n in g . 
M e lo d r a m a 
T h e a te r, 
H e m isF a ir 
Plozo, 
224 4464 
G ay 
9os and R o a rin g 
2os songs and sk its a lo n g with a m e lo d ra m a spoof Through Feb 2o F ri & Sat a* 8: IS $3 5o Sun at 6 15, $2 $3 

C U R R E N T T H E A T E R 

JAN 2, 4-9 T H E F A N T A S T IC K S . 
C hurch Theater, USO S A lam o at 
W ickes, 
224 4o85 
M u s ic a l about archetypal boy m eets girl, etc 
Tues throu gh 
Sun till 
Jan, 
IS 
Opens at 6 3o, buffet at 7, show at 
8 IS 
Sun pertorm ance with free 
Cheese and wine only at J, T uts- 
Thor $8 95, F ri & Sal $9 95, Sun $5 
G roup rates 
Special New Year s 
E v e Party this F ri Com plim entary wine. ch am p agne and beer 
Atter show, c o m p le m e n tary b a r a n d dancing until breakfast at 2 a m 
$I5-$2S o person 
Call for reservations. 
JAN 
2 
M E R R Y 
C U R S E S or 
M I S T L E T O E M O R T A G E . M elO dram a Theater, 224 4464 
V illain ous Elsw orth Ebeneezer tries to corner the mistletoe m arket Santo to tne rescue 
Continuing F ri Sun through Dec 
Table service with soft drinks, beer, wine and m on cotes Sun at 6 JO, $2 83, F ri and 
Sat at 
8 15 
S3 SO 
Reservations recom m ended 

SAT A S U N 
LO S P A S T O R E S , 
San Jose M ission, sponsored by the C onservation Society, 2246163. 
Food A chocolate on sale of 6. L o s 
Pastores at 7 
SAT: M A G IC SH O W * San Antonio 
F in e A rts C enter, 3141 
N a c o g boches. 653 7241. At 2. $2 SO adults, 
$2 children 
S A N A N T O N I O A R T 
IN S T 1 
T U T S, 6oo(1 North New Brountels, 
824 o531. N ew c la s s e s for p r e ­ school ch ild re n , o g e s 
3 6, are scheduled 
P o rtra it pain ting by 
Joh n 
S a u re 
A d a m s. 
S c u lp tu re cu rricu lu m expanded to include wood A stone carvin g ; a class in foundry will be available 
First classes will be held M on 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
F I N E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R . 3141 N acogdoches R d . 
653 7241 
D ay and evening classes in ort, ballet, m o d e rn dance, dram a, g u itar, 
A w e a vin g tor 
Children, teens A adults Call tor m ore inform ation 

O A K W E L L B R A N C H L I B R A R Y , 
4134 H a rry W urzbach R d 
D ra w ­ ings A oils by P e g gy H ickm an 
M on F ri 9 9, Sat 9 6, 
O D Y S S E Y 
G A L L E R I E S , 2222 
B re e ze w ood 
R e ce n t w o rk s by 
D ruisiila Ptonnshel and O. G eorge 
Plnco Tues Sal. U S, 
P R I T C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 224 North Star M oll 
OM p a in tin gs by 
C a rl Sm ith, w atercolors by 
Rocmie 
Wells, d raw ings by D a ry l Deut M on W ed 
1o 6, T h u rs Sat 1(39 
R I V E R A R T G R O U P , 51o P aseo de la Villita 
C h a n gin g exhibit of pointings and crafts from the m ore than 6oo artists of the group D aily 
1o5, Sun 12 5 
SA N A N T O N IO A R T I N S T IT U T E , 
6ooo N New B raunfels An exhtbi lion by students in the gallery. 
M on F ri 9-4. Sat 9-12 
SA N 
A N T O N IO 
M U S E U M O F 
M O D E R N ART, 531 West W ood 
(own 
Three person show 
D a vid 
Storey,Felipe Reyes. G e rry Frost. 
F ri Sun. 1o 5 
S I G O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
St 
Anthony Hotel 
Roper! Wood. D on 
W arren, 
P o rfirio Sa lin as. 
Jo se 
V ise s A tsara. 
M a u re e n 
Tarazon, 
Rolla 
T aylor, 
Shared#, 
D a lh a rt 
W m dberg, Floreat Boerke, Frie d 
Pol, M arcet Dyf, E d o u ard Cortez, 
Ruth Anderson, D onald Yeno, Jim 
Deutsch M on Sat ll 5 
SOL D E L RIO, 1o2o Tow nsend 
D raw in g s, llln o g ra p h t. etchings, weavings, sculpture, ce ram ics and tewelry M on Sa l 9 1o-5 JO 
SO U T H W E S T C R A F T C E N T E R 
G a l l e r y , 42. Paseo de la Villita. 
Selected fine crofts from the 
Southwest orea Dally 1o-5 JO 
SOU T H W IN D 
A R T G A L L E R Y , 
4114 
M c C u llo u g h 
O ils by 
R o d 
Goebel, 
D a lh a rt 
W m dberg, 
D on 
Ctncone. P orfirio Salinas, tuquers by fesco rf in, w atercolors by Riley ond 
B a rro n 
L a rg e selection of graphics by internationally know n artists Tues F ri 9:3o-5:45. Sat 1o-5. 
TE JAS G A L L E R Y , 1o2o5 Oasis 
Ste 
N o 
1o7 
Southw estern paint­ ings by A nn C a n y o n M on F ri 1o5, 
Sat by oppt 
T H E 
G A L L E R I E 
O F 
F I N I 
ARTS, 142 W 
M ain S I, F reefer. if ksh,j, g Featuring Texas artists, artisans A craftsm en. 1o6 daily, 
M on Sun 
T R I N I T Y 
U N I V E R S I T Y , 
71$ 
Stad ium 
D rive . 
C oates 
Center, 
P h o to g ra p h y in 
B e ltm a k in g ," 
Jan 
IO U ; Fe rd in an d Roten Gal- lories, original prints, exhibit a sale. Jan 27 
W O N D E R L A N D 
A R T 
G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 746 W onderland Shooom g 
City 
Jose V iv e * Atsara. Pot b rio 
S a lin a s , 
D o n 
W a r r e n , 
W A , 
S la u g h te r, 
M a u r t e n 
T a ra z o n , 
Floreat Baecke, 
L o rr y 
Preiiop, 
P a u l 
B u r k it , 
B ill y 
S a a t h o ff. 
C la u d io 
Soso, 
R u th 
A n d e rso n , 
W arren Hunter, 
Roberto S h a re 
Mon, T h ors A F ri (O I, Tues, W ed 
A Sat 1o6 

T H U R S A F R I tor O N C E U P O N 
A M A T T R E S S , Fo ri Sam Houston 
Playhouse, 221 2289 At 7 IO 

S U N 
C I T Y C O N C E R T , M u n 
KiOQl Aud 
723 5591 
Son Antonio 
Sy m p h o n y 
H o rv e v B isk in con d u ctin g 
G uest p ia n ist 
J o ske s aw ard w inner 
Stephan 
K ro n a 
Pop s ond tight classics At 3 Fre e 
W E D 
S A N A N T O N I O S V M 
P H O N Y 
P O P S 
C O N C E R T , 
Convention Center Bouquet Hall. 
723 5591 
Roger M oione conduct m g 
Guest pianist C v 
Colem an 
Pops and light classic s At 8 i s tx 
SAT A JAN IO 
S A N A N T O N IO 
S Y M P H O N Y , 22J 5591 
Guest ton dueler 
Thee A lc a n ta ra 
G u e st soprano C arm en Bolfhrop 
Sot at 
8 SO at Theater tor the Perform ing 
Arts Jon IO at 7 3o at Lau rie A ud 
$4 16 SO 
SAT; 
R U S H , 
M u n ic ip a l 
A u d 
A lso two guest perform ers to be announced At 7 3o 
Tickets of oil 
Joske s, Below the Beits, Record land. and D isco ve ry 
Record s in 
San M a rco s 

AT T IX A N INSTITUTE— 
“JY H eadq u arters'’ is one of the paintings show the development of typical Texas ranches. The painting by Monde! Rogers at the Institute of Texan Cultures. R ogers' paintings exhibit through Feb. o. 
JAN 22 
T E D N U G E N T , Con vention Center 
A rena 
A lso two guest perform ers to be announced 
At 
7 3o 
Tickets of oil 
Joske s. 
Below the Belts, D isco ve ry R ecord in Son M a rco s ond Inner Sanctum in Austin 
. 
‘We're Saving Money by 
Having the 
__ 

Deliver..." SU 

“I guess we all know how important being carelul with money is ... especially these days. 

Well, Paul ... that's my husband ... used to buy the Ex­ press at the newsstand every day when he got to work 
Then I lound out that we could save up to $2.25 a month if we had the Express delivered right to our home. 

Now we both enjoy the Express at home in the morning Paul goes to work knowing what the business and financial picture is like. Not to mention the sports news and last night's late scores. The Express has all that information first thing in the morning. 

I catch up early with the overnight news and browse through the sales. I get some extra-good buys because I know early where the bargains are And shopping the bargains really helps these days. 

So, you see, it really makes sense to have the Express home delivered ..." 

O P E N IN C 

M O N 
I N S T IT U T E OF T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S , 
H e m i i F o i r 
P la za . 
226 7651 
P a in t i n g * of 
T e x a s c o n c h e * b y 
M o n d e ! 
R o g e r * 
Through 
Feb 
6 
Tue* Sun 
9 5 
Free 
M O N ; M A IN L I B R A R Y , 2o3 S 
St 
M a ry * 
223 6851 
O il* by 
Ri chard A eery 
T hrough Jan 
M o n 
F ri 9 9, Sat y-6 Free 
M O N 
W E S T F A L L 
L I B R A R Y , 
6111 R o se d a le 
344 2372 
L a n d * cape*, m a rin e * of 
Texas, 
New 
M exico ond 
A rizo n a by 
Ruth 
Duncan Througn Jon M on F ri 9 9, 
Sot 9-u. Free 
F R I 
B R I G H T S H A W L G A L 
L E R Y , 819 A ugusta 
W ood sculp f u r * * b y 
J a m te 
M a v e r i c k , 
Enam el* and w atercolor* by Terry 
M Cazort O pening F ri 6 8 Contin uing througn 
Jan 
M on F ri 
1o 2 
Free 

A R T A F R A M E M A R T No. I, 
83o2 Broadw ay 
O il* by 
Robert 
H arriso n ond Betty Allison 
M on 
Sal 1o 6 
A R T A F R A M E M A R T No 2, 67o 
North Star 
M o ll 
O R* by Hazel 
M a k h e y , 
J o * 
P e a c o c k , 
J o * # 
V ive* A tsara ona Alberta M eza. 
M on Sat 1o-6 
A R T IS A N 'S A L L E Y , 555 Bitters 
Rood 
M arket place of over 
2o 

SUH fees hoBo deliftred suhswiplion lo Ute fun Antonio Express 

T m , Im , cab m y# ap la S2.2 S e Beeth i t n B m i l t i l p tu ei lemons 
Singles Introductions,*!tie. 

SINGLES INFORMATION CHARING HOUSI 
I 
Houri: Mon.-Thur: 1-7 pm., Sat.: 9am-2pm, 
| 

: 
S 7 o I b r o a d w a y . 
T W t z 4 - 9 9 X 7 

• 
— '***- 

JOHN HOUSEMAN— 
He loves his new career as an actor. 

Houseman really ra nice fellow 9 

NEW YORK — The man on the other end of the phone filled me with a hit of nervousness and pure fear. : - 
It was John Houseman, director and producer burned actor, winner of an Aca­ demy Award for his performance (and practically his first acting job) in “The 
Paper Chase,” in which he played an authoritarian, gruff and cold law profes­ sor. 
— 
Since then he’s been the oldest nd'ffily discovered ac­ tor around and has ap­ peared Ip television shows and other movies, usually as sontfTgruff and cold authoritarian figure — the type youexpect to fix you with an icy stare and a cut­ ting phrase. 
Is he^feally like his screen image? 
“ Oh, goodness no,” 
Houseman said. “At least I hope not.” 
Was that an ungruff laugh on the other end of the phone? 
Nice 
“ I’m really a nice fel­ low,” Houseman added. 
The nice Mr. Houseman will be in San Antonio in 
January when his troup. 
The 
Acting 
Company, opens a tour of Tennessee 
Williams’ “Camino Real.” 
How did the company choose San Antonio to open the tour? 
“It was a matter of Pin­ ing.” Houseman explained, 
“ We’ve played 36 sta te s' and 16o cities. San Antonio just happens to be our first m ajor engagem ent next year. We’ll be playing quite a lot in different cities — 
South Carolina. North Car­ olina, the Midwest, and end 

RON 
WHITE 

Staff* and film 

 up in California.” 
Houseman killed the ru­ mor that Williams would be in San Antonio for the opening of the tour. 
“Williams is the type that you never know what he’s going to do. But I wouldn’t count on him be­ ing there. 
One never knows.” 
Orson Welles 
Houseman’s career goes back to the 193os when he directed the Virgil Tbom- son-Gertrude Stein opera 
“ Four Saints in Three 
A cts.” Following some more directing, he headed two projects for the Federal 
Theater — the Negro 
Theater Project under which he and Orson Welles created the famous Hai­ tian “ Macbeth,” and Pro­ ject 891, which produced 
“ Doctor F au stu s” and 
“The Cradle Will Rock.” 

In 1937 Houseman and 
Welles becam e the co­ founders of the Mercury 
Theater, which did among other productions, a mo­ dern-dress version of “Ju­ lius Caesar” and on the ra­ dio the infamous “ Men from Mars” broadcast in 
1938 that set the nation into a panic. 

During the war he super­ vised the Voice of America programs. After the war he produced several movies, including “Julius Caesar,” 
“The Bad and the Beauti­ ful” and “Al! Fall Down.” 

He continued directing on the stage and for television and headed the drama di­ vision of the Julliard School until a few years ago. About the same time he was of­ fered a role in “The Paper 
Chase” by director James 
Bridges, who had studied under Houseman. 

Housem an’s only pre­ vious acting job was a role he did as a lark for a friend in “ Seven Days in May.” 
His performance in “ Paper 
Chase” caught the atten­ tion of the public and other directors, and Houseman has been in demand ever since for everything from m ajor movie roles to voice-overs for com m er­ cials. 

Loves it 

How does he react to his newly found fame as an actor? 

“ I didn’t,” he said. 

“One must keep interest­ ed in whatever he’s doing at the time. Acting is more of a novelty. I won’t be acting with The Acting Company. 
It’s a young company and they don’t want me dower­ ing around.” 

Although Houseman en­ joys heading up the Acting 
Company and his work as an actor, the one thing from his past career he misses is radio. 

“I lament it,” he said. “I like radio very much. The two years I spend with Or­ son were fascinating.” 

Did he and Welles expect the reaction to the “ Men from M ars” broadcast which caused thousands of persons to believe that the 
Earth actually had been in­ vaded by Martians? 

Surprise 

“ Oh, we didn’t expect that reaction at all,” he said. “ Radio is incredibly potent, a powerful medium. 
That broadcast proved it. 
I’m just sorry that ifs not being used to its potential. 
It still is in England, where it’s not commercial.” 

The medium that he sees as strong today is regional theater. 

“We’ve been all over the country in five and a half years, and we’re finding a lot of original theater being done there. 
Regional theater is very strong and blossoming.” 
Leni was Nazi Germany’s superstar 

Here is a detailed look at the career of possibly the greatest woman artist in the history of mo­ tion pictures - LENI RIEFENSTHAL: The 
Fallen Film Goodess (Crowell; $9.95) 

More than this, though, 
Glen B. Infield’s book is a very specific account of the rise of the Nazi Party in 
Germany, particularly dur­ ing the 193o’s. The paths of 
Riefensthal and the Nazi 
Party Congress in Nurem­ berg. During this time she met Adolf H itler, with whom she became a close associate for several years. 

H itler personally com ­ missioned her to make a film record of the sixth Na­ zi Party Congress in 1934. 
The resulting film , 
“Triumph of the Will,” is now regarded as one of the greatest pieces of political propaganda ever produced. 

Infield believes that 
“Triumph of the Will” did more to further Hitler and the Nazi Party’s poplarity in Germany than any other single force operating at that critical time. imme­ diately following the death of Hindejiberg. 

- B y --------------------- 
JACK LANDMAN 

This book is as much for the lover of world history as it is for those interested in biographies of artists. 
Still, it begins with the ar­ tists. Riefensthal was born in 19o2. By her mid-teens she had become a very beautiful and intelligent woman. 
She began a career as a ballet dancer, but ther attention turned to acting. 
Mountain films 
She was interested in a particular genre of films which was very popular in 
Germany. 
These were so-called 
“ mountain film s” . In 'these, the set­ tings of snow, ice, glaciers, and mountain peaks were always presented as the scene for some adventure involving the “ mountain people,” who were a pure, 

 hardy, and innocent people. 
Naturally, the mountain people were always the protaganists in the 
“mountain films”. 
These films allowed Rie­ fensthal to display both her dramatic and athletic abi­ lities. “Mountain pictures” were very popular among the masses in Germany, and Riefensthal became their most prominent ac­ tress. 
In today’s word, she would have been known as a “ superstar” . The G er­ man press was often filled with gossip regarding her private life but she re ­ mained a figure of beauty and innocence to thousands of film-goers. 
She had only been work­ ing in films a few years when she decided she wanted to have total artistic control over the projects with which she was asso­ ciated. This she got from 

 several willing producers, and in 1932 she released 
“ Das blaue Licht” (The 
Blue Light). This mountain film was both artistically and commercially success­ ful and she was quickly es­ tablished as one of the key forces in German cinema. 
Meets Hitler 
At about this time she met Adolf Hitler. Hitler had been im pressed by her beauty and ability, and had requested the meeting. She was equally enamored of 
Hitler. As their friendship developed, she, like so many of her countrymen, began to look to Hitler as the savior of the German spirit. He in turn looked to her as a film -m aker of special talent who might be ideal for making an impor­ tant propaganda film for the Nazi Party. 
The Nazi Party had an elaborate and effective means for dissem inating propaganda within the 
Ministry for People’s En­ lightenment . and Propa­ ganda, which was under the iron-fisted direction of Jo­ seph Goebbels. Regulation 

 of the film industry also came under the authority of this Ministry, and Goebbels took special delight in han­ dling adm inistrative matters regarding motion pictures. 
Hitler circumvented his own party machinery by directly com m issioning 
Riefensthal to make a party film. The author points out that Goebbels always re­ sented this arrangem ent and he was jealous of Rie- fensthal's special relation­ ship to Hitler. Still, like the loyal soldier he was, Goeb­ bels put the entire produc­ tion resources of the Nazi 
Party at Riefensthal’s dis- 
POSH I 
The Sixth Party Congress in 1934 was one of the grea­ test human spectacles ever massed. Hundreds of thou­ sands of people swelled the population of Nuremberg. 
The entire city was decor­ ated with giant flags and banners of sw astikas, flowers, and stream ers. 
Massive monolithic plat­ forms and prom endades were designed by the architect Albert Speer. 
Every aspect of the rally 

. . Triumph of the Will" did more to further Hitler and the Nazi Party'* popularity in Germany than any other single force operating at thai time. ...” 

Haber admits she writes porn 

We squares who flinch in embarrassment at the erotic monkeyshines on show in the average pop novel never help wondering if it didn’t also embarrass the author to sit there and make this stuff up. 
Apparently the tell-all w riter -does give in to a blush now and then. Joyce 
Haber, the unfrocked Hol­ lywood columnist who has just published her first no­ vel, says she was driving recently on a Los Angeles freeway when she was sud­ denly dism ayed by this thought “Gosh, I’ve written this dirty book * and now 
H’s in all the stores." 
This is a highly unortho­ dox admission. According to protocol, the pornogra­ phic writer is supposed to recoil at the suggestion that he writes dirty and insist that, oh the contrary, he 

By 
LESLIE HANSCOM 

(t) NRWSOAY 

 merely writes truly. 
To hear him tell it, it is only the prudent -eader who would fail to perceive that this new novel is not really about whichever perversion he happens to be featuring but about the 
“ search for identity” • or some other high-toned abstraction. As a veteran interview er, Haber has heard this kind of standar­ dized malarky enough to take a different line herself. 

Boating bargains galore... 

In Today’s 
Want Ads 

Turn to th® Clawifed section and check over the large selection of 

 good buys right now. 

Express/News 
Classified Ads 
PHON! 
225-1666 

If you want to be read, says Haber • who is blonde, petite, chic, 43 — it is ad­ visable to write what the public wants to read. In fiction, this is pornography and scandal about people the readers think they re­ cognize. In her novel, “The 
Users” (Delacorte; $8.95), she has heeded the popular demand so successfully that the book is already on several best-seller lists. 
It is a tale of the New 
Hollywood, a place where everybody scram bles for status and relieves his or her libidinal itches by using anybody who is handy. The heroine is an East German refugee married to a movie star who uses her to cover up his homosexuality. She in turn uses him as a pas­ sport to social acceptability after a career in Rorno movies back in the old country. Thev are su r­ rounded by a cast of movie industry eminences, most of them characters whom a fastidious prison warden wouldn’t have in his jail. 
Authentic 
“ The book isn’t porno­ graphic just to be porno­ graphic,” Haber says. 
"Everything in it, with one exception, is something I know to have happened, have found out through re­ search — or done.” The none exception is an episode which the author­ ess invented to order. 
Her editor, when the m anuscript was close to completion, asked her to put in one more sex scene to round out the work like the skyburst at the end of the fireworks display. 
Haber was stumped. 

 cep 
I h 

'Everything in (this hook), with one ex- flora, is something now to have hap­ pened, have found out through research 
— or done. * 

“ I told him ,” she says, 
“that I had already put in everything I ever heard of.” 
In her conscientious at­ tem pt to omit no sexual antic in the whole animal repertory, Haber had even done research in the UCLA library, which she says boasts a pornography col­ lection second only to the 
Vatican’s. It was a friend, the writer-producer-direc- tor Richard Brooks, who finally solved her problem by suggesting the scene which the manuscript was lacking. As it now stands in the book, a young female superstar, disappointed at now winning the Academy 
Award, seizes and Oscar statuette and does someth­ ing with it which Haber doubts anybody has ever actually done 
If any such caper ever had taken place in the movie colony, Haber would be apt to know. In Time m agazine, she was once designaled as “Hollywood's 
No. I voyeur.” As a colum­ nist for The Los Angeles 
Times,, she rose to a pro­ minence which made her, acording to Women’s Wear 
Daily, one of the IO most powerful women in the me­ dia Her reign of influence ended a little over a year ago when The Tunes fired her. 

Haber now attributes her downfall to the bad blood between her and a newly installed female editor. 
There were also several in­ cidents that made her vul­ nerable to disapproval. In the pages of The Times, she wrote that the Olympic swimmer Mark Spitz had perfected his beauty by subm itting to a surgical nose job. It turned out that the nose-job client was a crazy lookalike, posing as 
Spitz, and she had to re­ tract. 

In a blind item, she wrote of an automobile executive who came home from a bu­ siness trip to find his wife in bed with a well-known actor. This provoked a law­ suit. 
Most damaging of all, her friend the columnist Rex 
Reed wrote an attack on the entertainment coverage in 
The Times after it came under the supervision of her enemy, the female edi­ tor Haber, though she says she tried to talk Reed out of it, got the blame for putting him up to it. 
Today Haber says she holds no bitterness against the paper. It has been sug­ gested. however, that she created the rogue’s gallery which populates 
“ The 
Users” to work off the ac­ cumulated bitterness of her years in Hollywood and to lampoon her enemies 
In rebuttal, Haber says that she never even made an enemy of Frank Sinatra, who likes to slug colum­ nists, male or female. 
“ He’s made some of them rich doing it,” she says “ I almost wish he had slugged me.” 

 had been planned and then perfectly staged for the greatest possible dramatic and emotional effect, and always with the placement of Riefensthal’s cam eras firmly in mind. 
The Nazis hoped the final result on film would cap­ ture some of the “greatness of Hitler” and the feeling of 
“ the resurgence of G er­ many as a world power”. 
“ Triumph of the Will” far exceeded their expecta­ tions. Overnight it became a smash hit in Germany. 
Though it was clearly a go­ vernment propaganda ef­ fort. it was distributed as a commercial feature, with paid admission, just like any other theatrical film. 
“ Triumph of the Will” stirred the public imagina­ tion. It did wonders for the popularity of Hitler and the 
Nazis. The mystique sur­ rounding the SS and SA was given a new impetus. This completely contrived event when filmed and edited with Riefensthal’s skills, had the appearance of a newsreel. It was as though one were watching the ob­ jective film record of a to­ tally unrehearsed news event. 
Of course Riefensthals’s popularity in Germany also was boosted by the recep­ tion of her film , not to mention her is rise in Nazi 
Party circles. She was commissioned to film the next congress in 1935. 
In 1936 she began her last film for the Nazi Party, 
“Olympia.” This was her film record of the Olympic 

Games of 1936 which were held in Berlin. As an artis­ tic achievement, “ Olym­ pia” was phenomenal. 
Sporting events and the grace of the human body in motion had never been filmed before (and possibly since) with such beauty and precision. However, this film did not go as far in glorifying G erm ans and 
Nazis as did her earlier work; thus, she began to lose favor with the fickle 
Nazi Party. Still, “ Olym­ pia” may be her most re­ markable work as a film artist. 
Infield had previously written a book on Hitler’s relationship with 
Eva 
Braun. Riefensthal, who is still living, was impressed by Infield s ability to sift through thousands of cap­ tured war documents and arrive at the most per­ tinent information. She ap­ proached Infield about writing her biography. 
He began, but the re­ search he generated was, he felt, damaging to Hie- fensthal's reputation He found evidence that began 

 to refute the hearing held in 
1952 which concluded that she had not been in collu­ sion with the Nazis. 
He cites several exam ­ ples of 
R iefensthal’s indifference to the Nazi harassment of her Jewish co-workers in the film in­ dustry. He feels her work was so significant in pro­ moting and eatablishing the Nazi Party, that she must bear some of the re­ sponsibility for the atro­ cities. He is especially incensed that she has been recently honored in several international film festivals. 
This book is good, but it is because of the subject matter and not the author's ability to write. His style is boring and repetitive. So­ mehow quite a few gram ­ matical errors slipped by the proofreader. Also, be­ cause Infield believes Rie­ fensthal to be an artist who used her special talents to promote an evil force, he has much to say on the moral responsibilities of the artist. 
He returns to this theme so often, it finally begins to grate on the reader. 
All in all, the negative qualities of the book are dismissed easily enough. 
There remains a fascinat­ ing story of a mostly un­ heralded artistic genius and her relationship to his* tory’s prim e example of megalomania 
Falstaff lives, loves again 

Who, having met him , can ever forget 
Falstaff? Robert Nye, poet and critic for the 
Lindon Times, has resurrected him in a novel as large and full of life as the old sinner himself. 
-B y---------------------- 
BEST 
SELLERS 

|l)N « TIMES SttVIC* 
FICTION 
I . TtlN IT Y . tx lo o n U n . I D o v b l.r lo r , 
S I O 9Sl t . SI l l PIN O M U tO IB . tx A g o 'h a 
C h " * * Dodd. M o m i t 94 ) 
S. STONUM W M M N O . I , Ak! Hw 
„, 
(Holt Sitwnn" S Wonton. SM 9S I 
4. SLAPSTICK, t , hot! Vonnoyut (Otto to rt. Wx—ov' l o w . * * . 1/ 95) t- KAIM TNI TIT AMICI, tx Ch-* C witter 
(VMma St 95 J 
A CM SMOKY Of TMI IMNOCtNT. Sr foetor Cornwall (Ooufctedo,. SIO 94 I 
I TOUCH NOT TMI CAT, tx Mot, 
INor row. I t 95) 
• MARBY MB, tx tete. Updtko (Hoop*. 
* / 9 » ) 
♦ ■ CKX o a ts tx Jatpualma Sworn. (Mot. row, SM PS I 
IO. TMI CHASM Of ’T 9 , lr P o u f tid m an 
I Swoon t XMutter l f PSJ 
GENERAL 
I . BOOTS, tx Atet Noter (ttuuWauox/ hi so j 
5. MASSA (MS, tx e o f MWO*, 
(Dutton. 
SIO VS ) 
I BUNO AMBITION, I, latm VV Doon IU 
(kttrton I Sdotter, $ ll P5 ) 
4. THI OB A tt IS AUNA TS O litN IB 
O V It THI MI*rte TANK. tx time! Hor..bort 
(Mr Or ow Hilt, So e s J 
5. TOUB IB B O N IO U t Z O N IS, tx 
Wax* VV b f , (funk I Wognaft. So 9S ; 
4 . ABOLT M illis , tx John lolond 
(DoubftdOf, SIM es I 

J . TMI MIU IIM M I, 
Bx Utero M.te 
(Maumtioft. 11 J SO J t . TMI BIONT AMO IHI PO W IS, tx UMM lower til (Mo IJT t Utgmi Pratt ONI Putout* ma Ca . SP PS ) 
o TO JSBUSAS4M ANO BACK, tx Soot taNow {Vamo, St Pl I 
IO . BLOOD AMO M O N I!. 
Bx nw teN t (OewAteoo,, SIO P l / 

FALSTAFF 
(L ittle, 
Brown, $8 95) is his rol­ licking, rambling persona! history of an unforgettable rogue 
With sure knowledge of 
Shakespeare and of English history, m yths and superstitions, Nye presents 
Falstaff, heavy with years, memories and overmuch food and drink Fastolf as he calls himself, resolves to tell his own tale, to set the record straight, His inten­ tion is IOO days of dictation to commemorate, celebrate and offer confession for his career. 
Scenes from “ Henry IV,” 
“ Henry V” “ The Merry 

KENNETH STAGGS 

Wives of Windsor” live again, not as Shakespeare presented them , but as 
Fastolf transforms them in his image. And his other remmiscenes and digres­ sions round out that Babel- aisain image. 
The novel ends with Fas­ tolf off-stage crying out with H am let’s father's ghostly “ Remember Me!" 
The concluding chapters contam an ironic reversal that forces reassessment of the entire tale and fittingly crown Robert Nye’s loving memento mori. 

 shout Movies 
AtfCTIOW 

PM MAN B u a l and OIH at Q n am w i Rw§, w N .t .w h u m m * ate*' o*aaial tuft m U te * lo t a ju t 

I 
N 
I N tt tH p oo t a lH W m otto I tex n il i i . I 
M 
I S H lim Bmmi tomtom., m out i va. aw n n m I i m ( « x * n 

I m ,» M (M IM 

. a Rte Rami Lite him * M u x m Xi a a i l a oat eaten ot Natalat* no t moo la at aw »aan al a t e | ta*, tea tent. awarn, Ona«*al Raft 

SHI H \T»% X III IMI IS S 
1 4 o o A m ite Hwy I S S 

Sa*.. Mat. S V P M 
Via •» te f a* I P M 

 m r n m a , I M M ! . a M O u o m i t a u t l u a u m u (h m m atteal 
M tW an MHM, tea boom (.ate. al Ria* aa Rot n u t I RRM J RtlOUOIHIRa MR 
M O H AR . NON la te K I M ( M H T RUM AN, H U T H t u t , U B R R X R U O lA V O N M M t ate I 

Page 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

 o f san antonio 

“ distinctive home furnishings" 
NEW YEAR’S and 
BLUE 
MONDAY 
ALE 
POSITIVELY 
TWO DAYS 
ONLY! 

I S S ® Ip*??§ cml 

SPACE-SAVING flip-top con­ temporary harvest table by 
“ Founders." Folds up against wall, folds out to spacious din­ ing table. Natural golden wood finish. Reg. $3o9... 
SAVE $ 1 3 4 ........... * I 7 5 . 
“ SHUFORD*’ occasional chair. 
Lo-back, upholstered legs, uphol­ stered in rich green corduroy. 
Slight blemish. Reg. $23 9*«- — 
LESS THAN W 2 PRICE 7 5 . 
FOR that look of yesteryear, 
I distinctive ceiling fan lamps by 
“ Casa Blanca," functional fan 
C lus overhead lighting. Rich rown finish. Reg. $255 * rn m 
ISA VE $6o ................. . 1 7 5 . 
CUT CRYSTAL atomizers and | perfume bottles. Exquisite gold- plated decorative tops. Wonder- 
|ful presents for 
. » r any occasion. . . . 4 . to Z 5 • 
CHEST and bookcase /hutch combination by "Broyhill." 
Warm maple finish, mar resist­ ant tops, brass accents. Reg. 
$23o... MORE THAN t o a i / a o f f .................. * 9 9 . 
|2o” x24” original oil by Davis, 
[“ Spring River." Refreshing use of color. Framed. Reg. $59... 

SAVE $12 ^ 
. ^ * 4 7 . 
HAND-PAINTED teakwood buffet. Exquisite oriental figures in soapstone inlay. Glass top, spacious storage. 
U.S. price $ 16oo... 
FISHER’S DIRECT 
U P A 
IMPORT PRICE____* o 5 o . 
EXQUISITE genuine cut lead crystal bmps by "Remington." 
Gold color base, lovely pleated shade. Reg. $14o.... 
MORE THAN 
4o% OFF.................. V V . 

SPARKLING clear glass lamps by "W olfe", silver color base, pleated shade. 
* 
Reg. $58 2 /3 OFF . . * 

SHOP SUN. 
12 NOON TO 7 P.M. 
SHOP M O N . 
IO A.M. TO 9 P.M. 

“ MONTGOMERY” hi-back occasional chair, exposed wood frame, deep fruitwood finish. 
Button-tufted back, upholstered in fine quality velvet. Choice of 

Reg.’ $318. I / 
2OFF * I 5 9 . 

These one-of-a-kind “ NEW YEAR’S and Blue M onday’’ SPECIALS are offered a t FANTASTIC PRICES for only one reason — TO 
CLEAR OUR FLOOR of older merchandise. AT ONCE! This list is o f­ fered ONLY on the follow ing conditions: CASH (or check) W ITH 
ORDER. REMOVAL from the premises w ithin 4 8 hours (delivery at small ex tra charge) everything sold “ AS IS,” no refunds or exchanges* 
✓ CHECK YOUR BARGAINS HEREL 

AW fSAdnVE tuxedo m s m 
’ loveseat sleeper. Reg. $359 ... e a v a sa ve $8o .................: Z 7 9 . 
FRAMED original oil painting, 
Fishing Boats" by De Luig. 
2 4 "x 4 8 ” . Superb use of deli­ cate blues. Reg. $1o4... m 
* 
SAVE $ 1 9 ..................... 5 5 . 
4-PANEL oriental silk floor screen. Colorful bird and flower design, black lacquer border. 
Slight blemish. U.S. price $6oo 
FISHER’S DIRECT t . r A 
IMPORT PRICE____ ? Z 5 U . 
LOVELY sofa and loveseat combination by "Bruington," upholstered in plush corduroy velvet. Tailored skirt, 
( a a a 
Reg. $849..53% OFF.. 3 9 9 . 

 sofaTy 
Gilliam," upholstered in versatile neutral plaid Herculon. 
Loose pillow backs, tailored skirt. Reg. $729... e a j a 
Less than 1 /2 price. M V # 

BLACK coromandel cabinet. 
Carved village scene and floral designs. Two doors, single shelf. 
U.S. Price $45o... 
(FISHER’S DIRECT 
( a b a 
IMPORT PRICE 
* Z 4 9 . 
ORIENTAL Four Seasons wall plaques. In 8 " x TO W teak­ wood frame with lovely imita­ tion jade, coral, and ivoiy overlay design. FISHER’S tm 
DIRECT IMPORT PRICE.... 5 . 

MAGNIFICENT 8-pc. dining room from the "Fontaine" col­ lection by "Thomasville." Lus­ trous deep fruitwood finish, Ita­ lian classic styling. Includes 4- door lighted china, oval pedes- . tai extension table, six matching cane-back chairs, upholstered seats. Reg. $267o... t i " y r A 
SAVE $92o ____*.1 7 5 o . 
ENCHANTING green and white ceramic lamp by "Nathan Lag in," delicate floral design, matching pleated shade, * A A 
Peg. $6o I /2 PRICE... * Z 9 . 

UNUSUAL contemporary chrome-look lamps by 
"Raymond," choose from two styles, both with crisply pleated chrome-color shade. 
1 4 a 
Reg. $5o... SAVE $11... 39 < 
SOFT pile 6 x9’ rectangular area rugs. Fringed edges. 
Choice of blue multicolor, beige, or green. Some slightly soiled. Reg. $1o9... t # A 
SAVE $ 4 o .................... * 6 9 . 
DRAMATIC burl-top cocktail table with sleek chrome legs. 
Reg. $4oo ... MORE #■ 
THAN 1 /2 OFF . . *1 7 5 . 
Matching chrome and burl lamp table. Reg. $33o... 
MORE THAN 
1 /2 OFF............. 
1 5 5 . 
OUTSTANDING sofa and love seat combination by "Bruing ton," upholstered in Tartan plaid. Tailored skirt, 
* 4 . a 
Reg. $749..54% OFF.. 3 4 9 . 
“ THOMASVILLE” 8 -pc. dining room from the "Fontaine" col­ lection. Includes oval pedestal table with fruitwood top, lighted china, matching six chairs with sculptured backs, upholstered seats. Finished in refreshing antique yellow and white. 
Reg. $2779... t i a p a 
1 /3 O FF l o 5 U . 

FLOOR sample 6 ’x9' beige and white rugs, thick pile, fring­ ed edges. Slightly soiled, ti? F 
Reg. $1o9. I /2 PRICE * 5 5 . 
VERSATILE 7 pc. contemp­ orary sectional by "Contemp­ orary Designs," warm yellow upholstery with brown welting and upholstered legs. Includes 
3-cushion sofa, 3 armless chairs, 2 ottomans, and corner section. 
Reg. $23o2. t i a a . 
4o% OFF 
1 3 9 5 . 
FINE porcelain cup and saucer made in West Germany. Lovely fruit decoration with 14 kt. gold trim. FISHER’S ca 
DIRECT IMPORT PRICE. * Z . 
HAND-decorated imported beauty-spot chair, gold velvet seat, antique red and gold. 
Reg. $249. 1 /2 OFF J I 2 5 

BEAUTIFUL quilted bedspreads by "Kenneth." Variety of patterns and colors to brighten any bedroom... 
Twin size: Reg. $59... 
«a a 
1 /2 OFF . . . . . _____* 2 9 . 
Full size*. Reg. $69TT 
< o% rn 
1 /2 OFF 
.......... * 3 4 . 

(SUMPTUOUS traditional love- iseat by "Tavern ll. 
Beautifully upholstered in gold imported cut velvet. Plump loose cushions 
Reg. $579... MORE 
THAN f /2 OFF. . . 
* 2 4 9 
LAMP SHADES, assorted.. styles, colors, and fabrics, some pleated, some with scalloped edge, some trimmed. 
Re 
Itfroira.. ALL 1/2 Off!! 

MASSIVE 8 -pc. dining room from the "Accent East” collec­ tion by "American of Martins­ ville." Oriental/contemporary styling, glossy black teakwood finish. Includes extension table, six cane back chairs with upholstered seats, 4-door lighted china. Reg. $2319... t i C P A 
1/3 OFF 
* 1 5 5 o . 

HANDSOME lighted book- ccse/desk by'“ Broyhill." Dark pecan finish, spacious drawer and shelf room. t o a I 
Reg, $ 179 .1 /2 PRICE * o 9 . 

 ing size: Reg $79... 
1 /2 OFF 
Leg. 
( a q 
. . . . . . . . . 
V rn . 
TUXEDO queen-size sleeper by 
Broyhill," upholstered in neutral herculon. Tailored skirt, arm bolsters. t i l A A 
Reg. $639. I /3 OFF * 4 Z V . 
SUPERBLY designed dressing mirror by "Drexel." Rich pecan finish, brass accents, spacious drawer. Reg. $179... c*vf* 
LESS THAN I /2 PRICE 7 5 
HANDSOME rectangular cocktail table, rich pecan finish, simple brass accents. t f A 
Reg. $99...SAVE $ 4 o ...*5 9 , 
“ COUNTRYSIDE” by Tonkley. 
2 4 " x 4 8 " original oil. Gorg­ eous landscape. Framed, t o o 
Reg. $119... SAVE $22 *OQ» 
SET OF FOUR oriental wall plaques. White teakwood, black and gold border, soapstone inlay. U.S. Price $5oo... 
FISHER’S DIRECT c a a A 
IMPORT PRICE . . . 
/ U U . 
STATUARY pieces, bust of 
“ Madonna and Child," "M aid en with Dove," "Le Rasseau." 

CHOICE . . . . *1 5 .1 o * 1 8 . 
68“ APARTMENT sofa. 
Bisquit-tufted back and seat, sophisticated print, upholstered 

S t k 
X t T r . . . * 2 9 9 . 

STUNNING hi-back chair by 
Broyhill." Button back and seat cushion, tailored skirt. Uphols­ tered in rich velvet. Choice of colors. Reg. $3oo.;. 
* 1 A A 
1 /3 O FF 
. .T I V t . 
IMPRESSIVE sculptured white ceramic lamp by "D rexel", matching linen-look shade. 
Reg. $89. t i rn 5 o 
1 /2 O FF................... * 4 4 
MISMATCHED bunk bed mat­ tress and platform by "England­ er." Lovely cotton cover. t*V A 
Reg. $99.95 SAVE $21 * 7 9 . 
SENSATIONAL 2-pc. sectional by "Contemporary Design,’,’ upholstered in exotic seashell print. Loose pillow backs. 
A roomful of seating comfort. 
Reg. $1o3o... 
SIT I r 
1 /2 O FF.................... 5 1 5 . 
BEAUTIFUL lace bisque cover­ ed box with applique flowers on top. Choice of heart, square, or round shape. Reg. $6 ... 
# a 
1 /2 OFF......................... * 3 . 
IMPRESSIVE armoire from the 
“ Continental Pine” collection by 
“ Century." Massive diamond- pattern carved doors, golden pine finish, five s h e l v e s . •ye* 
Reg. $86o...I /3 OFF . 5 / 5 . 

ELEGANT wing chair by "Shu- ford." Graceful curved legs, nailhead trim, upholstered in lovely floral tapestry. 
* 1 
$ 2 9 9 ...!/2 OFF* 1 4 9 . 
SOPHISTICATED antique brass table lamp by "Abbey," black base, tailored shade. Reg. $7o. 
MORE THAN 
4o% OFF........................o 7 # 

GRACEFULLY curved loveseat 
>y "Shuford," button-tufted jack, upholstered in red satin 
[fabric. Reg. $459... t A A A ll /2 OFF 
------- * 2 2 9 . 

QUEEN-SIZE Early American sleeper by "Broyhill." uphols­ tered in lovely plaid. Button back, exposed wood accents t x A A 
Reg. $639 1 /3 OFF... 4 Z 9 . 

ELEGANT queen-size sleeper by 
Hickory Tavern,” upholstered in medallion-pattern velvet. But­ ton-tufted back, roiled arm bolsters. Reg. $999... 
^AORE THAN 
A A 
1 /3 OFF....................o Z 9 . 

“MADDOX” traditional queen-i size sleeper upholstered in color-] ful spring tapestry. Loose pillow backs. Reg. $68o. t x A A I 
SAVE $231 ............ * 4 9 9 . 
LOVELY double dresser from the "Brighton" collection by 
"Thomasville." Antique white finish, bamboo-iook legs and hardware. Reg. $289. t i x x 
1 /2 O FF 
1 4 4 . 
MASSIVE square cocktail with attractive cane shelf, beautifully turned legs. 
1 1 A P I 
Reg. $25o...I /2 OFF* I Z 5 . 
ORIGINAL oil, "Antique 
Landscape" by Aval, 2o” x2 4 ". 
Enchanting earthy colors, beau­ tifully framed. Reg. $1oo < 4 
SAVE $2o 
* 38 o . 
MARVELOUS hand-painted oriental secretary. Delicately colored flowers and birds on white background. Glass doors, three display shelves, five drawers. U.S. price $125Q... 
FISHER’S DIRECT 
A A 
IMPORT PRICE 
Q U O . 

SEASHELL ash trays, boxes, mirror trays, and tissue boxes. 
From the Philippines... 
DIRECT c n < 
, 
IMPORT PRYCE 5 o to * 2 5 . 
SUPERB traditional sofa by 
“ Maddox," upholstered in love­ ly spring floral tapestry. Tailor­ ed skirt. Reg. $65o... t A A f * 
1 /2 O FF 
3 Z 5 . 

MISMATCHED 5-pc. dinette set by "Kessler." Round for­ mica-top table, 4 chairs with vinyl backs and seats, wrought iron frames. Reg. $ 3 8 9 # a a f 
SAYE $ 1 6 4 
* Z Z 5 i 

“ BROYHILL” 7-pc. Traditional room includes large rect- 

4-PC. boys’ bedroom by "Broy­ hill." Rich maple finish, antique brass hardware. Includes dresser, mirror, night stand, and full or queen-size head­ board. Reg. $459. c a A A 
1 /2 OFF 
* 2 2 9 . 

 dining angular extension table, three leaves, four side and two arm chairs with cane backs, uphols­ tered seats. Warm, golden pecan finish. Reg. t x X A 
$ 1o8o...4o% OFF. . 6 4 9 . 

ATTRACTIVE drawer end table features black glass insert and decorative moldings. 
Reg. $179... Only 1 /3 e ^ A the Regular Price! . • 
5 9 . 
ELEGANT original oil, "N ude" by Raymond. Pleasingly framed. 
24"x36". Reg. $139... 
SAVE $ 4 2 .................... * 9 7 . 

FLOOR sample 9’x12’ rugs, plush deep pile, fringed edges, choice of beige or white. Slight­ ly soiled. Reg. $179... f i r 
LESS THAN 1 /2 PRICE 7 5 . 
EXCITING contemporary sofa by "Charlton." Upholstered in dazzling prints or plush velvet stripes. Reg. $859... 

 r°"o F TfHAN 
* 3 9 9 . 

UNIQUE oriental sideboard, magnificently hand-carved rosewood, rich, lustrous finish. 
U.S. price $2ooo... 
FISHER’S DIRECT 
SA A A 
IMPORT PRICE . . . 
V U U . 
OUTSTANDING 8 -pc. dining room from the "Cashmir" col­ lection by “ Century." Lustrous, dark pecan finish, Far Eastern touches in the bamboo-look moldings and graceful curves. 
Includes extension table, six chairs with upholstered seats and fretwork backs, and lighted china. Reg. s i A A C 
$2529. 1 / 3 O FF../ I O Y 5 . 
THREE drawer chest and hutch combination by "Broyhill." 
Golden pine finish, burnished brass accents. 
* 
Reg. $ 2 2 o .1 /2 OFF 
INDIVIDUALLY hand painted eggs from China. Fantastic detail, complete with teakwood standi FISHERS 
DIRECT IMPORT PRICE. 

IO ” KUAN KONG Chinese warrior mode of fish bone and resin. So intricately molded it looks exactly like hand-carved ivory! FISHER’S DIRECT . 
IMPORT PRICE 
. 
ATTRACTIVE cane-back side chairs by "Broyhill.” Seats up­ holstered in rich velvet. Set of four. Reg. $32o... 
| 
1 /2 PRICE................. 

‘ 2 

QUEEN-SIZE sleeper by "W a l­ dron," upholstered in colorful plaid herculon. Loose pillow backs. Reg. $449... 
* 4 X 
A save $1o o .......... *3 4 9 f 

BEAUTIFULLY detailed, richly colored hanging oriental wall panels. Cherry blossom and bird design if! soapstone inlay. 
Set of four. U.S. price $35o... 
FISHER’S DIRECT 
- - 
IMPORT PRICE . . . 
1 / 5 * 
PLANT LIGHTS to stimulate growth, ideal for hard-to-light areas. . . 
UNIQUE contemporary sofa by 
"Contemporary Designs." 
Overstuffed cushions, upholstered in soft suede-look cloth. 
$699. 
1 / 3 OFI 
“ AMERICAN OF MARTINS­ 
VILLE” mobile server from the 
"Accent East" collection. Smo­ ked glass top, single drawer, storage cabinet. 
Rea. $44o.. 1 /3 OFF. 

DELIGHTFUL French occasional chairs by "Montgomery.” Up­ holstered in exquisite pure silk velvet. Choice of colors. Expos­ ed, carved wood frame, fruit­ wood finish. Reg. $48o-t a A A 
I / 2 OFF . . . . . . . . * Z 3 9 . 

5 PC. bedroom by "D ixie." 
Antique white finish, mar and stain resistant tops, includes triple dresser, large mir­ ror, two night stands, and king­ size cane headboard, t x O A 
Req. $ 7 3 9 ...!/ 3 OFF *4 5 9 . 
MEDITERRANEAN square commode, massive decorative moldings, slate-like insert on top and heavy brass hardware. 
Reg. $129... 
I / 2 O F F ................. 
* 6 5 . 

COMFORTABLE swivel rocker by "Maddox.” Upholstered in plush brick-pattern velvet. But­ ton back, tailored skirt. Slight blemish. Reg. $319... 
LESS THAN i i X A 
1 /2 PRICE 
1 4 9 . 
GRACEFULLY proportioned white ceramic lamp by "Nathan 
Lagin." Matching smartly pleated shade. Reg. $8o . £ 4 4 1 
1 /2 O F F ....................... 
3 9 . 

2 4 ” x 3 6 ” framed original oil, “ Landscape" by Carr. Imp­ ressionistic portrayal of spring countryside. Reg. $9o... t T A 
SAVE $18 . . . ........... 
7 Z . 
KING-SIZE "Englander” 
Tension Ease bedding sets. Firm sleeping comfort. Lovely green and yellow floral cover. 
Reg. $549.95 
S D A A 9 5 
SAVE $ 2 o o ............* 3 4 9 
TRADITIONAL tuxedo sofa by 
Shuford", upholstered in yel­ low and white floral tapestry, tailored skirt, arm bolsters. Reg. 

 t h a n V / ! sp* i« . . * 2 9 9 . 

STRIKING 4-panel oriental floor screen, "Tongs Circle." 
Black teakwood border, gold scrollwork, red teakwood circle with soapstone inlay figures. 
U.S. price $117o... 
FISHER’S DIRECT t C A A im p o r t p r ic e 
: 5 U U . 

SEASHELLS galorel Strombus conarium ... 254; cone shells ... 
254, Babylon shells ... 254; ram s horn shells ... 1o4; striped tree snails ... 54; large shell pack reg. $3.oo... $1.5o; hundreds of tai larger exotic shells... DIRECT 
-< 
* * 
IMPORT PRICE . . .5 to 6 . 

JUNIOR tennis rackets by 
"Frederick-Willys." Tightly strung and fine for the young­ sters. Reg. $12.95... 
* 4 
5 o 
CLOSEOUT.................... * 3 

* 2 9 5 . 
GORGEOUS tub chair by 
“ Marimont." Upholstered in exoticly patterned velvet. But­ ton back cushion, tailored skirt. 
Reg. $299... 
$ 1 A A 
1 /2 OFF 
. . * 1 4 9 . 
DISTINCTIVE primitive-iook 
SPACIOUS single dresser with ceramic lamps by "Raymond. bookcase /hutch top by "Brov hill." Golden pine finish. 
,Re/o 
*14o 
1 /2 OFF . . . . . . e 
I ■ l r# 
UNIQUE contemporary chairs by "Flair." Lo-backs, upholster­ ed in soft white vinyl, embroi­ dered brown check pattern, na­ tural wood base. Reg. $429... 
MORE THAN 
$1 l f 
1 /2 O F F .................... 
I t J . 

 metal bamboo motif, round loss top. Reg. $159. glass top 
SAVE $184 

Exotic Indian design, pleated shade. Reg. $5o... 
IO O 
SAVE $11 . ............... 
3 9 , 
SMOOTH-QUILT deluxe bed ding sets by "Sealy’.. Attractive blue and white quilted cover, comfortable sleeping. 
Twin set Reg. $149.95* 
SAV I $41 
Full set g 
S A V I $51^ 
Queen set * 

TW IN bookcase headboard, golden pecan finish, sliding lou­ vered door. Reg. $ I 59... » . A 
LESS THAN I /2 PRICE * 5 o . 
QUEEN-SIZE tuxedo sleeper by "Tavern ll," upholstered in richly textured yellow and white 
^ a‘ k„ Re9. *719... , a . q 
1 / 2 OFF 
. . 3 5 9 . 
TW IN headboard by "Broy­ hill." Plank-look styling, brass accents, pecan finish. i 4 A 
Reg. $9o. S A V I 6o % ... 3 9 . 
2-DRAWER chairside com­ mode, rich mahogany finish, dainty brass hardware. 
C"v a 
Reg. $159...! / 2 O F F .../7 9 . 
1’M OUNTAIN CLIMBING” by Ho Chu. Impressionistic oil of enchanting mountain. 8 " x 
IO". Framed. Reg. $33. ca # 
SAVE $ 7 . . . ................*Z6. 
GRACEFUL four-shelf black me tai baker s rack. Scroll design, brass-look accents. t« lA 
Reg. $5o... SAVE $11 . * 3 9 . 

 sofa by "Shuford," upholstered in linen-look floral. Upholstered legs, arm bolsters. Reg. $729... 
LESS THAN 
$O G O 
1/2 p ric e 
: Z 9 9 . 

MASSIVE octagonal double­ pedestal table from the “ Com­ mentary" collection by "Thom­ asville.” Parquet top, pecan finish. Reg. $71o... 
1 4 r A 
Almost 2 /3 OFF. . . * Z 5 U . 

DECORATOR chairs by "M ont­ gomery," cane back and sides, rich fruitwood finish. 
Upholstered in satin striae velvet. Reg. $198 ... 
C A A 
1 /2 PRICE.......................* 9 9 . 

“ ENGLANDER” Tension Ease twin size bedding set, green and yellow print cover, firm 
Comfort. Slight blem­ ish. Reg. $219.95... t i a a 
SAVE $ 9 9 .9 5 .............*1 Z U . 
TRADITIONAL lo-arm sofa by 
Shuford," upholstered in dur­ able Herculon. Loose pillow backs, arm bolsters. t A A A I 
Reg. $469 SAVE $ 1 7 o Z 9 9 . 
IMITATION ivory so finely molded you can hardly tell these pieces from hand-carved ivory. And at one-tenth the price! Choose from dozens of oriental statues, temple lions, elephant tusk carvings, Chinese ship models, dragons, and tripod incense burners.FISHER’S 
DIRECT s o s- a 
IMPORT PRICE. Z.to * 5 4 . 
SUPERB door chest from the 
Tamberlane" collection by 
Thomasville." Intricately pat­ terned dark burl finish, brass accents. Contemporary design with oriental influences * 4 A A I 
Reg. $78o...1 /2 OFF *3 9 o . 
“ CHARLTON” contemporary queen-size sleeper upholstered in exoticly patterned pjush velvet. Arm bolsters. Reg. $959. 
MORE THAN 
S4AA 
1 / 2 O F F 
3 9 9 . 
4-PC. bedroom by "Thomas­ ville." Includes triple dresser, large mirror, four-drawer desk, d mismatched full or queen- 

SPLENDID table lamp in gleam­ ing brass by "Abbey.’ Sleek, sculptured styling, matching fabric shade. Reg. $59... * 4 4 
1 /3 O F F .........................* 3 9 . 

DISTINCTIVE traditional sofa by "Drexel", upholstered in 
Herculon with contrasting welt. Loose pillow back|, 

CLOSE-OUT pf beautiful 9 ’x 

1 2 ' rugs, bound edges, some w / fringe. Thick pile, choice of reen multicolor, pink, gray or eige. Some slightly soiled. 
Reg. $179... 
( a q I 
1 /2 PRICE.................... 
O Y .I 

 arn size headboard. Bright yellow finish, white accents. 
Reg. $97o 
SA OC 
1 /2 PRICE . . ____ 4 3 5 . 
16” x 18” original oil, "G ir­ affe" by Watts. Attractively framed portr<yal of the African animal. Reg. $5o... t x a 
SAVE $ 1 o ...................... * 4 o . f 4 - PANEL hand-painted orien­ tal silk wall screen. Rose and third design or serene mountain landscape. U.S. Price $3oo... 
FISHER’S DIRECT e 
IMPORT PRICE 
* 

145o MLI. loop 41o at Vamftvef (I mile last af Broadway) 

Sears 

 ii 

Watch the Super Bowl in 
COLOR 

'v M l rffim 

V«i 

.-sr 

In-line picture tube h.|. 'iile-liv. tudor f<»r proper i ..lor 
.iiinfirm nl. 
SAVE on this color TY 

11 T i I with bright Super Chromix picture tube 

S to till I I ;i I * I** top color IV 

’t a b l.- B iiH lc lT N h a s JQ-iti. diaconal measure picture, ~ 

 l o o so lid -s ta te chasid*. 
S 

 b la c k m a tr ix p ic t u r e tu b e . f j p 
■ i J 

19-in. diagonal measure picture 

Kegular 8489.93. 1oorr solid state chassis gives depend ability you expect in fine color TV. Adjustable one-but- ton color locks in an automatic picture. Super Chromix' black matrix picture tube for bright, vivid color. 
399 

K ' 

12 1 

K e n m o r e h e a d t o 

 ht»W .1 h t ii c l i c h ! 

Searh price 
* 9 9 
Sews even stretch Mitclie-. 
Dial In buttonhole! With light anil loot control. 

5bJU an** 
. t '**% in i jsss? 

\ a / V \ 

S t r c t c l i - h t i t c l i 

K < ‘i i m o r e h e a d 

Spurs price ^ 1 1 9 

Dial 
12 el itch es or to buttonhole! With towing light, foot control. 

Ors LY *79 for this Kenmore sewing head to sew, mend and darn. 

D ia l th e stitc h you 
Haul with one easy-to- adjust knob. 

B u ilt-in b u tto n h o l­ e r »ewt> neat buttonholes in a variety of *urti. 

Foot control includ­ ed- has variable speed control. 

T H IS Al) IS OI |( W O R D 
It i. I.,. U t I,, Sent VtlwrlW ,,, I VII,, .. Iii. I. 
..... 

" 
1" ' / 1' ' 1 *" 
“t o r e - i l l . .......... ...................r n I ..ii .I ... . . . |( 
J r u n 
V J "» r.-.lli....I j.ri.i- . I n n .luring ll... ...I,.. . . . „ , | | r , . „ „ |, . r for you . . Un. „l.. 
I Iii. ,l.„, nu. . p . , Iv 
..... i.l 
|u „ , , |, „ ami closeout sales where quantities are limited. 

Vhk about Sear* credit plans 

 fre e sewing in stru ctio n , ioclo.l.-.t will, ever, Kenmore n,,. !,,.,,. 

 bonailie ruses 

 ii* Io n u s .......... 
19.93 

I a h i n d * a* 

In * a* .......... 
<9.95 olio i him titii wales vs Here tpian 
Where America shops 

S t ARvS, H O LB EC K A M M O. 
Satisfaction (iuarbnteed or Your Money Back 

Du*nill*ll Plaza Nnrc 
Soledad al Navarro 
Moil. and Chur*. 9 ;3o-9 
All (liber day* DOO-* 

Military Urivi* spire al Please moil HJ, lion thru hat. 

Central Park N ine 
San Pedro al loop D u 
Mon. thru Sal. 

^ e service what we sell . . . nationwide 

T i l l e d lair!aJ ^ Ha**1!!* "1* * “ T 
‘ J ",i 
•!*«» ai Neighborhood s to r e ,I .. it!?, 
Urr> * u r/baih ai IttUO 5 .» .1 , U bur Hd 
I alternat< to 
674-SSI I 
432-2391 
K.lliu,aii *2o-95 7B 
333-29Jo 
1633 Pal Book** Bd. 
* 
. 
OSa-7191 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

-in. loam or innerspring mattress and foundation 
Both for only 

\»k about 

Choose J I (i cdil innerspring or ft inch thick serofoam urethane 
(|nill top mattress. Both have printed cotton cover. I he in nerspriire has 
-in. ot urethane loam over t»I It lex tit 11* »1< *-♦* pad over coils, and m atching l ’> coil foundation. Sold in set'- or,Iv. 

Eye-opening savings on Sears-O-Pedic 
Luxury bedding 

•tfl s!. 

^ 
S T * 
King and queen sizes also on sale 

4 v 
^ 
SAVE *1oo 
S A V E ‘ 12o 

3-piece king Net 
L 
?.-?& 42988f 

Has 5*1 - more sleeping space than full siz»-. 
. 
T ry hard firm 1462* coil innrrvpring or o- in. pol) meric foam.*2 
* - foundations included. 

 piece queen set 

- -rf 
.Awl 
IN N E R S P R IN G O K P O L Y M E R IC FO A M 

Try tIii- for hard firm comfort and padded quilt tops! 68o-eoil innerspring( 1ooocoils in full). Or buoyant 6-in. polymeric foam. 

 si :io.o."* Twin foundation ....................................... mu.Mi s i.V*.u*> Full mattress or foundation ........ loo.Mi 

' C C C 

 twin 

It* unhip S P I't.'l.'i m a itre * 

 r n 

: 

Sears 

SA A K *. N O C BIC K AND CO. 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Prices Good thru Wednesday, J, n. 5th 

Downtown Plu/ii store 
Mdedud ut Navarro 
Mon. anil I liur*. 
I-1# 
MI oilier du>s 6.,'{o-o 

Million Drive More ut I'lea-iinioii Mil. 
Mon. ihru Mu. 
Oi.lO-O 

Central Murk More 
Nan IV ilro ut Coop I IO 
Mon. thru Hat. 
o:.‘to-o 

2o% OFF 

Sears refluffable 
Billow Pillows 

\ o n iq tie lib e r .fillin g proee** m ake* the«e 

 pillow * r«-111111.1111** — 111 ii <11 like le a d ie r 

 p illo w *. (1111\ at Near*! 

Standard size 
Regular $7 

Dacron 
II polyester fill, cotton and poly­ ester cover. Washable. 

> o .o o C lie n t »i/«- billow pillow 
........... 
7 .2 o 

>1 1 .o o h illy «i/e b illo w p illo w 
.............. 
I I , btl 

• I OII ll* 

SAVE *4 to *9 

 oil Machine washable 
Automatic blanket with 5-yr. warranty 

Tw in size, single control 
Regular *2o 

\iylii*ony is a soft-to-the touch blanket of polyester and acrylic with nylon binding. And it has a lighted control with full-range tempera­ ture selection. Many radian colors on sale ... come see them all! 
$24.oo Full size, single control ................................ IM.O') 
$2o.oo Full size, double control ............................. 21.oo 
£39.oo Queen size, double control....................... 32.oo 
£49.oo King si/e. double control....................... .‘{o.'Hi 

 m w k ■'% * „ rn ' L* 

Upholstery Fabric 

(lliooM* from lo \wislial>lc color* 

« tiglon* price* 
P nmI thru Jan. .‘i I *1 
Sears 

D u ra b le P e n n a - Pre*! K b e d ­ spread tor tin* rough and tonsil 
I>11 IU'Ii! O f Colton and polyester for easy ran*. M a c h in e - * ash. tumble dry. No ironing needed! 

$15.99 Full ....................... 11 -MT 
$13.99 B u n k .................. 1o.97 

Iurn 
Uvular Ut' 

Matriliny dra|>crics. 25% o 1 4 

P l a n a f u l l y c o o r d i n a t e d b e d r o o m ! 

W a s h a b l e d r a p e r i e s , vs itll p i n e h - p l e a t e d 

 lop". N o ir o n in*: is b e n t u m b l e d dry. 

O i l i e r siz e s a l s o a v a il a b le al sa le p ric e * ! 

CLEARANCE 
SPECIAL CHIU I' 
Bedspreads 
1o% to 5o% 
OFF! 

 i l M i t i i i pr 
Bi pillar > I 3 .‘ 

SLA Uh, HOIBIU k AND CO. 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed, or Your Money Back 

Bedspread Nab* price* pm d thru January Blit 

Sears GIANT CARPET SALE 
Every Carpet in Stock Reduced 
NOW IO -4o* OFF 

You ll hod this label 
^ on all Sears carpets with full descriptive information 
See our 
. many fine values and check this label now' 
SAYE 21 % to 25% 
Toughcord ribcord spreads, warranted for 3 years! 

Our Best multi-color 
Shag Plush 

SAVE 
38% 

N e b u l a r 
* 1 2 .9 9 

Artistry IN is a dense, shag; plush nylon pile carpet in multi-color pattern that heightens eye interest! Available in 15 blended colorations. This rich lustrous carpet is resistant to showing soil and stains. 

5o% OFF! 

S ea rs Bes! G ran d F in a le 

Carpet Cushion 

C a rp e t Sale ends January 15th 

\» k a lu m ! N 'iir » c re d it p la it' 

FREE 
SHEER 

(Labor extra) under-draperv fabric with any custom-made draperies 

Here’s your opportunity to do com­ plete window decorating at savings! 
Choose any custom drapery fabric in a wide array of textures and colors. 
Get Danube sheer under drapery fab­ ric FREE. (Labor extra.) 

I m in d Park 'store 
Sun Pedro ut Loop I IO 
Mon. thru S n . 
o :3 o -o 

I h i s it l i m i i Plum Store 
Soledad ut Navarro 
Mon. and th o r*. o :3 o -o 
M I other titty* o :3 o -o 

M ilitary Drive Store al Pleasanton lid. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
o :3 o -o 

Full 3 -year warranty 

 ll this luncheon! bedspread wear- out within ti years ut date id pur 
• has**, return it lur free replan meld or rebind. 

U v u la r *239.95 

* 1 
9 
9 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sunday January 2 1977 
Sears] Appliance Values 

Our lowest priced 
Kenmore gas range 

* 1 9 9 

Check Scars price 
9-in. door handle!' 

Lift-off eooktop is porcelain-cnumclcd so it s 

 easy to clean! Handy drop-door slide-out 

 broiler pan. Top-mounted push-to-turn con­ 

 trols. Itcnioxable o\en door. 

A ll-f restless 
Big capacity 19.2 cu.ft. refrigerator with ice maker 

H a s P o w e r M i x - r switch thai h e lp s * un serve energy! Ifooinv grille-type shelves al 
Iou a ir to c ir c u la t e 
Ireelv for la s t. etliciei I freezing! Bottom b a s ­ ket holds huge pack ages. 

24-in. wide economy washer sc * 189 

Short oil Moor spacey I bis washer is only 
21-in. wide! l its easily into tight areas. Has 
2 autom atically pre-set wash/rinse tempera­ tures, haked-enamel finish. I wash eyrie. 

H i I (ll 

Kenm ore electric dryer 

Sears prier 

Dry your clothes on heat or fluff your p il­ lows and blankets on “ air o n ly"! Tempera- 
66151 titres are au to m atically pre-set. Drum- 

 mounted lint screen. \\ lute only. 

S T O C K ON S A L E ... 
SAVE *1o to *8o 

 o ff regular prices 

 le e m uk*‘r h ookup lo w ille r supply o p tional, e x t ra 

• iNever defrost again: frost will never 

 form in e ith er 13.5 e n .ft. refrig er­ ator or 5 .7 e u .ft. top freezer 

Large-capacity dryer senses moisture in your clothes and shuts off when they’re properly dry! W rinkle-G uard“ feature helps prevent set-in wrinkles. 

R e g u la r *.*19.95 

‘ 2 6 9 

6671 I 

Save on our laundry detergent 

B e g t . h u 'S I 7 .9 7 "I o 9 7 
3-15 lh. Im»\c« JL m ad 15 lh-. 

I se St'iir> 

E a s y P a y n w n t 
Plan 

E V E R Y F R E E Z E R IN 

• B o o m y sto ra g e, h and y d o o r shelves 

• C risper, trivet and e g g racks 

Ire an ytim e 
Ice maker automatically keeps a supply of ice crescents available for use. 

Save *4o... Automatic 

 all-fabric K en m o re1 dryer 

I LO en. ft. ref rigerator 

Sears price 

!tig 11.73 i ii. ft. refriger­ ator, 2.26 en. ft. freezer. 
Manual defrost. Crispers. 

• ’n Off! Convenient 

16 cu. ft. upright freezer 

Low [triced 3o-in. electric range 

Cheek Sears price 
(IL 

.3o in. w ith* 
^ 

Lo-Temp oven control keeps food warm until 

 you're ready to serve. Po rcelain -enameled 

 eooktop and oven interior. One 8-in. and 

 three 6-in. clements with indicator light. 

I I l l s \ II Is O I |( W iH .lt 

It is hacked by Se a rs \d \erli-m g I*«»lit \ w h ich re. pi ires e v e n ad vertised ii * iii to he su p p orted iii each store u n it - n ile 
(ten t m erchan d ise . 
It we should ton out ut a n y reduced priee item during the sale. We w ill reorder loi 
.nit al lilt -ale priee. T h is does not ap p ly to sp e cial purediase. cle a ra n c e am i »lo-»oin -ale- w here (p la n ti i ies are lim ited 

 s i H is PHM IM . IMH It V ll an th in is not 

 d escribed as reduced or a special purchase ii is al Us regular p rice A special p a n base 
I hough not reduced i- an except ion.6 \aiue. 
91281 

Where America shops 

 b iA K S, KOI B l’( K AMU co . 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

B o m iiIo h ti Plaza Store 

Soledad at Navarro 

Moil, and Thurs. 9:3o-9 

AU other days 9:3o-6 

M illio n Drive Store 

 al Pleasanton lid. 

Mon. thru Sal. 

9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
Sun IV ilro al l.oop H O 

Mon. thru Sal. 

9:3o-9 

S>ule prices iii effect thru >\ctl., Jan. 5 

M U .H IM MUM M ill M u m s (hum (lent. Mini ten tret -hitsii uImi ut Vi|(htM>rhiHtd .tores) 

\ alley Hi 
9o2 Hund.ru Md. 
Harry H urrbn.li ut 
18oos,H.Ut M in i, lid 
I im co al Cliv 
o74-5511 
433-2391 
HiUiman 826-9578 
333-291o 
1633 Pal Hooh.r Md 

654-7191 

SAVE $4 

San Antonio EXPRJESS-NEWS-— Sunday January 2 I 977 

 on I-HP sprayer/compressor 

 for shop, farm or home! 

Heatwave™, compact yet powerful electric heater 

Designed for comfort, safety and economy. 
Mighter than heaters twice its size, high velocity blower delivers 3,4oo B T U ’S of instant heat. 
Features comfort control, safety shut-off switch. 
Two position base directs heat where desired. 
Shock and fire resistant case. 

Special purchase 

( ll COM PBI SSO J 
POINT SP W » * l !L 

" I M I S PHM I'M , PO I in lit an item i> not described ,t- re­ duced or as a special purchase it is at its regular price. A special purchase though not reduced is an exceptional value. 

Save $7 on 

6-ft. alum inum 

 stepladder 

Heg. 
I 
H ousehold du ty ladder holds loads uji to ‘Jon His. 
Has pail shell and skid re­ sistant feet. 

Save 88 oil our 

 dual-controlled 

 fan -forced heater 
15154 

Ask about Sears 
Convenient credit plans 
Regular 
$24.99 
W h ile Q uantities Last! 

Iteguliir $3o9.99 
Packed with poaer and priced to please! Here's a rug­ ged sprayer/com pressor that can handle almost any 

 sm all shop or hom eowner si/e painting jolt. It aUo 

 powers air tools and inflates tires and toy-. D e live r­ 

 e d St I'M ai ie P S I. loo p s i max. Ha- I i gallon air 

 lank \\ nit sprax gun and air hose. 

Choose 125o or 15oo watt set­ tings on this portable radiant heater! With automatic thermo­ stat, tip-over switch, conven­ ient carry handle plus 5-foot cord. Its UL Listed, too! Buy now at Sears! 

• Electrical Departm ent 
• P.m il I Ii p.ii tun iii 

Your choice 

25o19 
Save 82 on table tennis 

 accessory set 

 ru,f m ill am i trim nm111 

Save 815 on Va-in. thick table tennis table 

Ih 'g iitar ><»*►.OO. T h is faille lenni- table b a lu n - a sturdy resin-filled Dynaplx part ii Ic board top bu lively act ion. "P la y b ack " ti ii no t« t pi act in . 
Includes four paddles \s itll sponge faces, net. four lu lls and rule bouk. 

 gallon 

Regular 81 1.99 
Save 82o on 8-fool 
Brandywood pool labh 
I 1.99 Easy Livin g 

 in terio r latex flat 

• ( oxei> iii one coat, wa*b#*f* easily 

* VV un allied durable for six years 

* I- -pol re-i-laiil and colorfast 

• J I colors a- -bow ii oh co lo r card 

• Is washable, covers iii one coal 

• Is colorfast and spot resistant 

• 2 I colors as show ii oil co lo r card 

I | .OO Sears |h>l redin g p.m il . . , ?.'>'• 

S A L K 

H r im h i r s I'P t . O O . Features ,i im Ii 
S la te n e sealed bed. vinyl laminated aprons to resist burns and stain-. 

V2 OFF 
Pool Tables Assent tiled and 

Deluxed at Additional Coal 

 gallon 

Save S2 o . Sears (>-l’i*ol 

 uro-slvled hoekev (abb 
I.ATLX 

S K M I 
GLOSS 
In te rio r la te x senti gloss 

• W .m a u le d lo be eid o rla -l • D ud- ( lean ii| 

 e.i-ilv m ilt Malei # ( n in e -iii IU decnrutnr col ors 
S A L E 

Hegular S 17o.oo. This pro-styled hockey table packs a lot of speed because the puck zooms on a cushion of air. ‘J goalies and I pucks included. 

HS oo5 
• Paint Department 
ooo 3 

251o7 
Full warranty af time of application 
Se#* paints, when applied according to directions will cover any color with one coal (asi.op* rough or te«tur»d surfaces) where indicated by checkmark rn the chart or you get ne. assary additional paint or your money back 

Full warranty for years specified 

Interior faints 

Slam 
I U I H i m I 
Uvr.bilih 
Ham I No. 
« a*h»Mr 

• '“ purling (rood 

I Il ls XI) Is OI ll W O H D is hacked hy Sears Advertising 

 indicated within the y**.e* your money back get oui i additions! p 

Policy which reuuires every advertised item to be supported in each store with sufficient mer­ chandise . . . if we should run tint of any reduced price item during the sale, we wiil reorder for you at the sale price. This dues not apply to special purchase, clearance and closeknit sales where quantities are limited. 

Satm jaction Guaranteed 

 or Your Money Hat h 

MIHOS 
✓ ti sr-. 
THINK) vS 
Ii \ r« 
MIU.*,.3 | P 
Ii sr- 

H sr 

 b si 

It i *< 

 lr yr> 

J.- 

Ii * r«. 

 lr \ r*. 

 ii »r- 

 lr s r - 

Sears 
Sale prices in effeel ihru Saturday, January 8th.— W hile Quantities Last! 

S M H * , l u t l t o A S S CO 
Where America shops 

I Him ninon Plata More 
Soledad al Na*arm 
Mo*, and Thors f.'tO -f 
All other dart (NJO-h 

Military Dmr Store al Pleasanton lid. 
Hon thru Sat. 
Mt.'lll-'l 

(antral Park More 
San Pedro al l oop 11 ll 
Mo*, thru Sal. 
** rm-o 

I,H. HBO RH OOO STOHL* (most items and se r tires show a also al Neighborhood stores pmaa 
Valley Hi ‘Mg Baa der. Hd. Harry Wur/baeb al MOO §,W.% White Md. 
I uitersal City 
1*74-3511 
432-2391 
Kj 11 un an Hg(*-'*,i78 
333-2*11o lb.13 Pat Hooker Hd. 
MR- T IO I 

EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I 977 

A 7 8 -1 3 whitewall and old tire, plus 
*1.75 Federal Excise Tax 

D yn tgliM 
Belled 26 and Old Tire 

Sale 
Price 
Whitewall 
Whitewall 
War. 
T a k e a d v a n t a g e o f tile t r e ­ 

 m e n d o u s s a v in g s o n th is r u g ­ g ed , r o a d - h u g g i n g t ir e ! 2 f ib e r g lass b e l ts a n d 2 n y l o n c o n i p lie s h e l p p r o v i d e s tr e n g t h , i m p a c t r e s is ta n c e a n d lo n g m ile a g e . H u r r y in s o o n , q u a n ­ 

 titie s lim ite d . 

Tire m ounting and rotation included 
. 
IMAGINE Sears 3 Best 

Selling Shocks INSTALLED FREE! 

Sears Heavy-Duty shocks 
Regular installed price $ 11.49 

Warranted for as long as you own your car. I 3/16-in. pis­ tons provides better ride control than shocks with standard 
I-in. bore pistons. Fit most American-made cars, many imports, pickups and vans. 

 p a p Ii 
INSTALLED! 

Heavy-Duty PLUS shocks 

Regular installed price S I3 .4 9 

Replace worn shocks to help give a comfortable ride and improve stability. Heavy-duty PLU S shocks feature a wiper seal that helps prevent leakage. Warranted as long as you own your car. Fit most American-made cars, some imported cars; also pickup trucks and vans. 

 each 
INSTALLED 

Sears SteadyRider shocks 
Regular installed price $ 1 6 .4 9 

Sears Best heavy-duty shocks. Warranted as long as you own your car. Adjusts to help give a comfortable ride in any weather. Fits most American-made cars, imports, pick­ ups and vans. 

 each 
INSTALLED 

Limited warronty en Heavy-duty, 
Heavy-duty PLUS and 
SteadyRider *hock absorber for a t long a t you own the vehicle ll Heavy-duty. Heavy doty PLUS or SteedyHider shock ab tother I tilt ^vittle the origami purchaser own-, the car. it *rtl be 'aplace! upon return, free o* charge, or the purchase price will be refunded It the defective shock atm *ber was in­ stalled by Seers, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge fw labor lf the defective shot* absorber was not installed by Seers, installation of the replacement shock absorber is not included under this warranty This warranty does not cover shock absorbers installed on vehi­ cles Mad for commercial purposes duced priced item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sale price. This does not apply to special purchase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited. 

It is backed by Sears Advertising Policy which requires every advertised item to be supported in each store with sufficient mer­ chandise ... If we should run out of any re- 

Limrted warranty on muffler for at long as you own Ute vehicle ll the muffler for American-made car* fails 
• hue the original purchaser owns the car. it an ll be replaced upon return, free of charge, or we w ill refund th# purchase price lf the detective m uffler was installed by Sears we w ill install the new muffler with no charge tor* labor lf the defective m uffler was not installed by Sears, instal­ lation cf the replacement muffler i t not included under thia warranty, 
Save #1o on 
AM/FM car radio and tape player 

H p *. $ 9 9 .9 9 
8 
9 
" 

Kila in dash of late m odel 
CM and Lord ear* w ith no cutting, d rillin g or filin g. 

Save *2, surface- mount speakers 

H r * . $ 9 .9 5 
7 
8< 

3*514-in. w ith 2-oz. ceram ­ ic m agnet. Easy to m ount 
—no (tules to cut. B o* of 2. 

Save §7,tw in stereo speakers 

H en. $ 2 4 .9 9 
17* 

Two flush m ount speakers. 
1o-oz. ceram ic m agnets. 15 watts m axim um input. 

Save *4 on Sears rugged steel mufflers 

Aluminized to help resist rust- 
Regular S IH .‘Hi causing moisture. Fit overall'. 
M t i gt 

 o f American-made cars. Fast, fl 
IS O ti hiw-eost installation availab le. I f 

•IO off 8>track player-FM/MPX 

Reg. $ 7 9 .9*1 
6 
9 
" 

 t um hines glorious stereo 
KM with 8-trark tapes of your own choosing. 

Page. 
6-J 
San Antonio 
1976 big book year 

By PHIL THOMAS 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK — The presses rolled and the shelves were full, and 
1976 was another bon­ anza publishing year. 
As usual, few succeeded when m any failed, but it always has been thus. 
Books, books, books. All shapes and sizes. Subjects from aardvark to zebra. 
Most of these books pass over a reviewer’s desk as the year goes by, and he reads as many as he can, hut his eyes have th eir lim itations. If books and people could be judged by simple standards, it might be possible to compile list of the Kl best of a given year. 
But they cannet bt* so judged. 
This then is a list of ten this reviewer rem em bers w ith a special fondness, not in order of that fondness, nor in any kind of order. 

Remembered 
They have only one thing in common: They remain in the m em ory while m any others have faded away. 
• “ The C hisholm s,” by 
F ran H unter, (H arp er & 
Row): Set in the 184os, this novel dealt with the Chi­ sholm family as it made its way East in search of the 
American dream. It is “ one of those rare novels that make the reader happy as he reads and sad when he has finished.” 
• “ Good 
E vening 
E v ery b o d y ,” by Lowell 
T hom as. 
(M orrow ): 
D ealing with the noted broadcaster’s life from the earliest days to World War ll’s outbreak, this memoir is very much Uke listening to a valued and interesting friend fondly recall the curly days of his life. 
• “Sons Come & Go, 
Mothers Hang In Forever,” by 
W illiam 
S aroyan. 
(McGraw-Hill): Saroyan's writing career has been a long one and he tells about it in the assorted pieces he has assem b led in this charming memoir. 
• “ The Easter P arade." by 
R ich ard 
Y ates. 
(Delaeorte): This is a grim but m ovingly told novel about two sisters and what happened to them. “ As a writer. Yates is superb He w rites beautifully in a spare, lean prose that tells everything iii a very few but well-chosen words.” 
• ' “.TotIi C entury .Jour­ ney," by William L. Sillier. 
(Sim on 
& 
S ch u ste r): 
F am ed co rresp o n d en t 
Shirer tells of his life from the beginning up to the 
193os and the reader can only hope that he will be lucky once again and that 
S hirer Will continue this m em oir of a life and the times. 
• “ The Survival Of The 
B ark C anoe,” by John 
McPhce. (Farrar, Strauss 
& Giroux): A fascinating account with that m yster­ ious ability to assem b le words, seemingly without 
Effort, into sentences that sing. 
• “ F oreign A l l a n s & 
O ther S to rie s ," by Scan 
O'Faolain. (Atlantic-Little, 
Brown): Eight short sto n e s by one of the really good short story writers working these days. 
• “ 1876,” by Gore Vidal. 
(Random House): A panor­ amic look at how it was in these United S tates UMI years ago and one of the best and m ost am bitious novels to come along this 
Bicentennial year 
• "T h e F light Of The 
E a g le ,” by 
Donald 
Thomas. (Viking): A d a s h ­ ing. funny novel set iii the days following Napoleon s first defeat. 
• "A Civil Tongue,” by 
Edwin Newman. (Dobbs- 
M e r r i l l ) : A nother good 
I ook about bad writing. Ifs p art of N ew m an ’s w itty campaign against the cor­ ruption of the English lan­ guage. 
Others 

Well, that’s ten. But ten is not enough. Here quickly a re som e o ther well remembered titles. 
“ Women of Courage,” by 
M a rg a re t T ru m an (M or­ row), a dozen profiles of notable American women; 
“ Innocent Bystander.” by 
L.E. Sis man (Vanguard), superb essays; “ Picked-Up 
P ieces,” by John Updike 
(Knopf), fine writing about interesting subjects; “ P as­ sions,” by Isaac Bashevis 
Singer (F arrar, Strauss & 
G iro u x ), 2o good sh o rt stories. 

 h d tm fa ilio n G uaranteed o r Y o u r M oney Hack 
Sale prices iii effect thru W ed., Jan. 5 
Ask about Sears credit plans 

S L A A , eutei I A A A Ii I V 
Where America shops 

UowitMwe Pliu More 
Soledad al Navarro 
A eieoeu tt 22M-432H 
Tire* 228-4395 
Mea. and H u n 7;3o-9 
Tues., Wed., In ., Set. 7 JO-6 

Military Dr. Starr al Pleaaaatoa Bd 
Automolite 228 5o28 
Tire* 228 5o95 
Mea. I Aru Sal. 8-9 

(araire! Park Store 
Saa Pedro al Loop 41o 
Automolite 228-5128 
Ttrrn 228-5195 
Moo. I tu n Sal. 
8-9 

S M U K Hi IN HOOL) STOKES (moat item* and aervitm *So»o abo al Scifkborbood More*) 
V alle,-M i 
9 62 Baadeia Bd. 
Harry * ortho* h ai 
I8 o o S .W .W , V ittle Rd t im e r * .I U t , 
674-5511 
432-2391 
KilUmaa 826-9578 
333 291o 
1633 Pa. Book., Md 
658-7491 

5o Extra / & 
TOP VALUE STAMPS 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
W A L D O R F 
B A T H R O O M 
T I S S U E 
4 
R O L L 
P A K 

COUPON GOOD AT . POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U .. JANUARY 5 , 1977 

- 1 
5o Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS & 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
AL L SHEER 
"N O 
N O N S E N S E " 
P A N T Y 
H O S E 

COUPON GOOD A T ..POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U . . JANUARY 5,1977 

5o Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS 

1 9 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
5 - C O N T A D I N A 
8oz. CAN 
T O M A T O 
S A U C E 

COUPON GOOD AT .. POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U .. JANUARY 5,1977 

25 Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS r n 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
H I L L ' S 
B R O S 
C O F F E E 
I lb. 
C A N 

C O U P O N GOOD A T . POOR BOY STORES 

C O L . ON G OO D T H R U . . JANUARY 5,1977 

IOO Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS i t * * * 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
W I N T E R / 
S U M M E R 
P R E S T O N E 
G A L . 
J U G 

COUPON G O ^D A T . ..POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U .. JANUARY 5 
1977 

• 3 o V A / T V - sJ l/M B O KOLL 
£ 
[APER TDIIIEIS 4 o f 
&ANANAs45ilMr 
5o Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS 

’S’" 1* 
M 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
L I S T E R I N E 
A N T I S E P T I C 
14 oz. B T L . 

COUPON GOOD AT . POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD THRU . JANUARY 5,1977 

5o Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS 

BROWN ~ SERVE JI J J 
ROLLS 
(fcfr 

• BL C/E 
BO/V/ 
MARGARINE 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 

3 2 oz. B T L . 
E R A 
L I Q U I D 
D E T E R G E N T 

COUPON GOOD A T ... POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U ...JANUARY 5.1977 

25 Extra rOP VALUE STAMPS 
Now We Give 
Top Value Stamps 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
C L O R O X 
B L E A C H 
H A L F 
G A L . 
B T L . 

 c o u p o n GOOD a t ...POOR SOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U .. JANUARY 5 .1977. the store that gives you more 

5o Extra 
TOP VALUE STAMPS 
& 

 i i i 

' W t *!r 

W I T H 
P U R C H A S E 
O F 
3 - D E L 
M O N T E 
E A R L Y 
J U N E 
P E A S 
# 3o3 C A N 

COUPON GOOD A T .. POOR BOY STORES 

COUPON GOOD T H R U ..JANUARY 5,1977 

P.B.I. SUPERMARKETS 
POOR BOY inc 
S U P E R M A R K E T S 
Sfc*fip4J«f X UA Biff I Un Pluir 
LANGO • BOERNE • HELOTES • CANYOI 

Poge 2-K 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
'All President’s Men’ best of movies of 1976 

*> 
< 
? ' 
" rn , 
ROBERT REDFORD, left, and Dustin Hoffman ftar in “All the President’s Men.” 

NEW YORK - Per­ haps it is only fitting during a presidential election year that the outstanding film of 
1976 be a politically related one: “ All the 
President’s Men.” 
And perhaps, too, it is only fitting in a tim e of monstrous movie costs that the y ear ended w ith the mammoth, $2o-million-j)lus 

- B y ------------------------ 
NORM GOLDSTEIN 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 

 remake of the classic mon­ ster movie, “King Kong.” 
Beyond those m ovie 
“ e v e n ts ,” how ever, the 
1976 movie year seemed a so m etim e th ing — no 
“ blockbusters” a la “ The 
E x o rc ist” or “ .law s” or 
“ The G o d fath er.” T here were a lot of “ pretty good” attra c tio n s, m any with 

 good things in mediocre ef­ forts, m any with su p erb p erfo rm an ces in d is a p ­ pointing entries and disap­ pointing things in near-ex­ cellent ones. 

So, instead of choosing the traditional “ Top IO” — th ere a r e n 't th a t m any 
Hollywood efforts that truly suit the d escrip tio n — here’s a random reflection on the cinema sights of ’76: 
“ All the P r e s id e n t’s 
Men” is a gem. Based on 

ALAM O ENTERPRISES HAS EVERY THING TO BUILD ANYTHING 

Colony 
MTEX 
WALL PAINT 

COLONY LATEX 
WALL PAINT 
5.87 
Latex Dase paint applies quickly and easily with brush or roller; clean up of tools and you is easy. 
Gallon 

FIRE SCREEN 
ENSEMBLE 
18.88 
3 pc. fire screen en­ semble in satin black and brass. 
With hanging tools. 38” wide 31 Vi” high. #371 

 m a t 
Alamo E n terp rises 
1 
» * 

WALL 
PAPER 
SQUARES 
5.88 
Now you can put up wallpaper In squares! It s so easy. Just dip in water and place on the wall. 18 squares to 
Package. 
Decorates 31 Sq Ft. 

* -A X n JPP 

Taper Square 
CEILING 
Porch Fixture 
5.97 

Taper square porch ceil­ ing fixture One light with ope! panels constructed of high density poly­ ethylene Black #E331o-9. 

CEILING 
VENT FAN 
Heat & Light 
38.88 

Heater Fan 
Light by 
Broan The best buy in the industry in terms of performance, cost and features Fan powered 
15oo watt heater. Model 
•655 

SH 
LIQUID 
NAILS 
8 8 C 
Ideal for bonding pre­ finished panels.plywood, drywall, hardboard, etc. to most building mat­ erials. 

6” SAFETY 
HASPS 
1.27 

Zinc plated for use outside or indoors; on doors lockers, chests. 
#V3o. 6 inch. 

SS 
TYLO BRASS 
ENTRY LOCKS 
5 .4 4 
Tylo entry locks offer sturdy security and good looks. For residential or office doors. 

 rn. 
12 INCH 
MITRE BOX 
1.47 

Rock maple mitre box measures 12x5V» x 2 3/4 inches. Buy now and save at AE 

1/2” CDX 
PLYWOOD 
7.25 

To be used in place of shiplap. Use for roof decking and outside sheathing. 

N ot rM p o n u b le lo* ty pographical error* lim ite d quoniihe* o n to m * 
Item*. O p e n Sunday* to r ta le or item * perm itted b y low lu m b er p rtte* picked u p " . Sole thru Jan u ary I I th 

BEDROOM 
LIGHT 
FIXTURE 
II y M m . 
2.97 
I White ceramic glass. 
I Twelve inches square. 
I Contemporary pattern. - 
I While quanlties last 
I Model # 4962 

— 
1 1 

PANEL RAMA 

We've added 4 changed our complete line of paneling. Come see! You’M be glad you dfctf! 

BUY NOW AT THESE TERRIFIC PRICES! 

Canterbury..............3.47 

Orchard Praline Pecan.. 5.97 

Lakewood Valley Gold.. B.97 

Wash. Copper 
^ 
Hill Hickory.............. 8.47 

Pattern Ply 

Ming Ho............... 1 o .9 7 . 

Autumn Bouquet 
1o.97 

Patchwork.............1o.97 

Candle Light 
1o.97 

Hearthstone...........14.97 

.'iii'i. jl r 
^ 

 f 

 m V.Ul 

1 "it MMM kjjbwwj4 
HI"*'''"'! 
1 
& B U I L D I N G <>U P P L I E S J 

 n i t 

 i f 
— 

Pliable Rubber 
Weatherstrip 
2.67 
Pliable rubber strip flexes to any shape floor, no matter how Irregular. 
Nine foot. # G9 

YELLOW PINE 
2x6 #2 

LINEAR FOOT 

8 foot 
I .97 
Pc 

 io foot.... 
2.47 

12 foot.... 
2.97 

14 toot.... 
3.47 

2x4 PRECUT 
SPRUCE STUDS 
92 5/8 
1.3o 

YELLOW PINE 

1 x8#2 
I 8'A< 
Random Length 

Energy Saver 
ROCKWOOL 
INSULATION 

 r 

Door & Window 
Weatherstrip 
1.88 
Makes an airtight seal around doors and 
- windows. A flexible aluminum strip with tough vinyl bulb edge. 

ALUMINUM 
THRESHOLD 
2.67 
36 inch long thresholds have aluminum body with vinyl strip. 

FURNACE 
FILTERS 
67c •*h 
Change monthly to im ­ prove efficiency, savo fuel and money. Choice of 7 popular sizes, all 1 inch thick. 

WRAPON 
INSULATION 
1 .4 7 
Insulate your pipes! 
Prevent freezing in brief cold snaps. Use Wrap on 
35' roll fiber glass insulation. 

1/2 INCH 
SHEETROCK 
1.69 

4x8ft. sheets. Now is the time to stock up on this always needed building materials item. 

3” THICK BATTS 
9 c » 
16” THICK BATTS 
15c 

UTILITY 
SHELF 
BRACKETS 

One piece shelf brackets for shop or store room use. Metal. 

8*1o” 
67C 

1ox12” 87C 

12*14” 97C 

 n o a t h s i o e 

o 3 1 W H I Ave 
UA-o197 

N O R T H EA ST 

M i I Etaenhauer 
MS-311o 

SOUTHSIDE 
•7oo 6 Flores 
•24-9o81 

EASTSIDE 
4854 Rigsby Ave 
848-35oo 

WESTSIDE 
453o W. Commerce 
434-7285 

4 OPEN 7 
J * DAYS A WEIK 
O 
• WEEKDAYS 8 to 6 
*-> 
> 
• SATURDAY 8 to 5 
^ 
•SU NDAY IO to 3 
^ 
W Htaf It.nm term lM ed By Law 

U S E M A S T E R - C H A R C E O R B A N K A M E R I C A R D 

 the W oodw ard-B ernstein book recounting the s u c ­ cessful efforts of those two 
W ashington re p o rte rs in uncovering the W atergate scandal, it is marvelously more than a “ p o litica l” picture. Its significance is not only in its subject m at­ ter — Hollywood ra re ly takes on a topical theme — but it is ju st fine m ovie­ making and movie-watch­ ing in all its aspects. 

Human 

From the real, “ hum an” p o rtra y als of the two reporters, by Robert Red­ ford and Dustin Hoffman — two superstars deserving of the description — to the featured roles of Ja so n 
Robards and Mal Holbrook, am ong o th ers, the w e ll­ paced directing (Alan P a ­ kula), the attention to de­ tail in every respect, this one hits the peak. 
T h ere w ere o th er c in ­ em atic looks at 
“ A m ericana,” historical and c o n tem p o rary , but mostly disappointing. 
“ Buffalo Bill and the In­ dians” goes back IOO years or so to debunk the Buffalo 
Bill legend via Paul New­ man and director Robert 
A ltm an. Altm an publicly sta te d his own d isa p p o in tm en t with the effort. Only a few disagreed with him. 

Blacklist 

“ The F ront” recalls the show business blacklist in television and g e n e ra l 
Communist hysteria of the 
195os—with the o ffb eat casting of Woody Allen in the lead role. Somehow, it doesn’t seem to capture the scope and significance of its chosen subject. 
A m o re c o n te m p o ra ry s a tire on the A m eric an phenom enon of television—and a stronger attraction—is “ N etw ork." 
A com bination of P ad d y 
C h a y efsk y ’s pow erful s c re e n p la y and 
P e te r 
Finch’s perform ance pro­ duced heavy a u d ie n c e reaction. 
The movie version of folk s in g e r Woody G u th r ie ’s b io g rap h y , “ Bound for 
Glory,” is a fine effort led by David Carradine in the starring role. 
On the lighter side ... Mel 
Brooks was back (a fte r 
“ Blazing S a d d le s” and 
“ Young F ra n k e n s te in ” ) with “ Silent M ovie,” a sometimes hilarious spoof of the silent movie (what else?) genre. No dialogue. 
The most sound you hear is your own laughter 
And w hat would a comedy year be without a pink panther? “ The Pink 
Panther Strikes Again” — and it does — in this fourth of the Blake Edwards-Petcr 
S ellers (In sp e cto r Clou- seau; laughfests. 
Popular genre 

“ Murder By Death” took another popular genre, the murder mystery, down the satire street, with an “ all- s t a r ” ca st p o rtra y in g recognizable detectives of fiction — and a deaf maid and a blind butler — from a 
Neil Simon screenplay. 
“ Bad 
News 
B e a r s ” turned out to be a surpris­ ing comedy find of the year with Walter Matthau as the beer - drinking, reluctant coach of a bad news Little 
League team. It sneaks up on you with a memorable blend of comedy, warm th and pathos. 
And w here w ere the th rille rs? “ The O m e n ” gave an “ E x o rc ist” -like them e som e class, with 
Gregory 
Peck and 
Lee 
Remick. “ Obsession” a d ­ ded some rom ance to su ­ spense. And “ M arathon 
Man” teamed Dustin Hoff­ m an with Sir L au ren ce 
O livier, but u isappoint- 
.ingly. 
And there was “ Rocky." p erh ap s oversold and over-publicized, but nonetheless a solid, realis­ tic d ram a with a boxing background. 
No year would be co m ­ plete without John Wayne 

— i i i “The Shootist.” 
Imports 
F oreign im p o rts produced some box-office phenomena, most notably the films of director Lino 
Y’e rtm u lle r 
(w ho’ll be making her first English- language film next year) and 
J e a n n e 
M o reau ’s 
“ Lum iere," "Cousin Cou- stn e ” was d eserv ed ly popular, as was Truffaut's 
“ Small Change.” And. or course, th e re ’s In g m a r 
Bergm an, this tim e with 
“ Face to F ace” (Llv UU- maim). 
The y e a r's end. t r a d i ­ tionally the tim e to lure holiday crow ds with the 
•“ biggest and the b e s t,’ brightens the picture po­ tential co n sid erab ly for 
1977, with the likes of 
-“ King K ong” and the rem ak e of “ A S tar Is 
Born," this time with Bar­ bra S tre isan d and K ris 
Kristofferson. 

San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— 
Sunday January 2 1977 

Actors moonlight to make a living 

ASSOCIATED m ss 
C y 
C J 
ASSOCIATED m ss 
N E W Y O R K - “ Unless you hit big in this business,” says 
Eivind Harum , “ you don’t make a lot of money.” 
To cushion economic hazard, the lanky daneer-turned-actor, went looking for a lucrative sideline. With his brother Jan. who happens to hate acting, and a silent partner who con­ trarily hopes to become a performer. he started a limousine taxi service. 
The recent troika partnership is an example of the trend among Broad- wayites to moonlight for extra in­ come. 
Their highly diversified endeavors range from architecture to wood­ working. A good many get an extra dividend by expressing artistic urges outside the theatrical discipline. 
H arum ’s Stage Door Service is. however, aimed only at guaranteeing financial stability during the some­ times long stretches between stage engagements. 
The 32-year-old Norwegian had plenty of time to think about the risks of show business life following a guest appearance several seasons ago 

-B y — ------------ — 
W IL L IA M G L O V E R 

 with the Metropolitan Opera t om- pan.v in “Samson and Delilah.” 
During a choreographic solo. Ha­ rum broke both feet when a leap landed him against a misplaced prop. 
Hospitalized for a month, he pon­ dered “ what do you do when you can’t dance anymore?” 
(The same question, incidentally, is a main theme of the musical “ A 
Chorus Line” in which the again agile Harum is currently appearing as the director of the show* within-the-show). 
“ I thought about giving up dancing completely,” he recalls, even after therapy restored his ability to trip the light fantastic. 
For a time lie concentrated on photography, produced a porno film that he'd now like to forget, then moved 1o1 to serious work on dance in film with the help of a grant from the 
National Endowment for the Arts. 
After a sojourn in Europe he returned here to join Martha Graham’s com­ pany. Then Michael Bennett offered 

 him a part in the international com- pany of “ A Chorus Line” which eventually brought him to New York. 
“ I got the idea for a limousine ser­ vice when a friend inherited a half million dollars and was wondering w hat to do with it.” Harum says. “ He didn't go for it but I did a lot of in­ vestigating and found it required comparatively small capital. I really went after the, idea when this stage job came along and I decided to pur­ sue an acting career.” 
To get the lowdown on limousine catering, Harum and his partners hung around a diner w here the drivers for a big taxi service con­ gregated. “We learned about repairs, rates, quality of service.” 
With two limousines, they have ar­ rived at a break-even level in less than a year, and plan gradual expan­ sion. 
“ We intend to use unemployed ac­ tors as d riv e rs.” says H arum , 
“because they are reliable, persona­ ble and courteous. 
And we are also going to give five per cent of the profits each year to dance companies. It’s one way in 

 which the arts can contribute to their own support.” 
Under city hack bureau reg ula­ tions, Stage Door Service can handle all types of jobs except driving to a funeral. 
“ That requires joining a special union,” says the slightly mystified entrepreneur. “ But we do a lot of weddings.” 
Two other members of “ A Chorus 
Line” who bolster their bankrolls with extracurricular occupations are 
Ted August, owner of a dance studio in Bayonne, N.J., and Laurie Beger, 
TV spokeswoman for a furniture line. 
Robert ll. Livingston, director of 
"Something Old, Something New” which arrives on Broadway in Ja n ­ uary. runs a carpentry shop that turns out customer decor for such stellar clients as Anne Bancroft 
Joanne Beretta, busy currently in off-Broadway's “The Club,” designs table settings and Christmas decora­ tions for Tiffany’s and Family Circle 
Magazine. lists the late President 
Johnson’s family among past clients. 
Whipping up food specialties is the off-stage occupation of Penelope Bo­ 

 ti rey of “ The Threepenny Opera ” 
Sue and her husband operate the 
Lo-Cal Restaurant in Greenwich Vil­ lage. Art Ostrin of the same musical runs an Early Halloween Antique 
Shop that features vintage clothing. 
Authorship has been rewarding for others including Fred Gwynne, who w rites and illustrates books for chil­ dren when not starring in plays like the recent “ Texas Trilogy” ; Lodi 
Claire, of the upcoming “ The Bed 
Before Yesterday,” adaptor of an award-winning TV version of “ The 
Bridge of San Luis Rey” and partner of composer Tule Styne in a pending musical version of “ Major Barbara” ; and Leo Bloom of “Herzl” who sired a volume of gourmet recipes. 

When not involved in roles. Jack 
Axelrod, also of “ Herzl,” can unroll blueprints as a licensed architect in the state of Washington. 

Some perform ers stick close to their main vocation for supplemental income. Inn Richardson, star of “ My 
Fair Lady," is a teaeher-director at the American Academy of Dramatic 

Arts; Carol Brice of “ Porgy & Bess" is on the voice faculty at the Univer­ sity of Oklahoma 
Geoffrey Holder and Zero Mostel are among those who have earned high prestige and get high prices for paintings. While in “ A Little Night 
Music," Sherry Mathis earned extra money with colorful posies made from gingham, calico and batik bits of cloth. 

So many players have expertise in so many handicrafts, from crochet­ ing to sculpture, that there s even a boutique on Manhattan’s fashionable 
B'ast Side that sells such items ex­ clusively. 
Performers Outlet since opening seven years ago has vended bronze figures by Patricia Peardon. ties by Alice Play ton, collages by folk singer Susan Reed; and pullovers, mounted butterflies, photographs, hostess gowns made from Turkish towels, hand puppets and jewelry made by scores more Naturally, it was launched by a couple of other actors, Gene Varrone and J e rry 
Young. 

GLOBE1 

Dan River 

 i V 
A is. 

88 twin 

 jacquard or velour floral 

 hand. 

 wash. 

TolooVC«wnfl>l,<ilOfc»6lO»*#, l«« 
A *BZS Ae >•»•<*« M* 'S^l lo " ‘'"I QuAn’',,*» 

 floral print sheets 
Machine washable. No-iron polyes­ ter and cotton print sheets. 

 lull 
2 88 std.p.c ...2 4; 

 polyester bedpillows 

Plum p polyester filled in a printed cotton cover. 
2i7 
2i8 

 queen 

 king . 

 bath 

J bath towels vi* 

Choose from elegant solid color jacquard or beautiful floral vetour print towel*. Both in j large, 22 X 42 size Ootd, blue. yellow, peach j and willow Styles— Angelique A Spring Song 

1 ” 

DOLLARWORLD 
VALUES! 
A SNEAK PREVIEW OF A 
TREMENDOUS COMING EVENT! 

••rn rn 

•uh cBepen 

■ ■ 
97 with cavein 
97 with ceepan 

Kodacolor-Globe C*22, C-41 
12-exp. developed & printed 
11o and 126 type film 

Good Thru Jan. 4, 19/7 
* ■ 
: : 

Kodacolor-Globe C-22.C-41 
2o-exp. developed & printed 
11o and 126 type films 

Good Thru Jon. 4, 1977 

■ § 

■ ■ 

Super 8mm or Reg. 8mm movie film developing 
Good Thru Jon. 4, 1977 

YOUR CHOICE 

') 

 pants & shirts boys’ knit shirt girls’ knee hi’s 

 infante' fashion pants or knit shirts 
Full boxer slacks. Poly-cotton knit shirts. Sizes 9-24 months. 

Short sleeve poly cotton shirts in solid colors. Crew neck styling. 
Juvenile sizes 4-7 and boys’ sizes 
BIB 

Opaque knee hi s Sues 6 to 11 rn a wide color assortment 

 lh 

 television tray 

Woodgram finish 

•eq. • 97 blow torch kit 

P»op#«* Bi#* torc* wit* *•«Mu 

 t O "*ry n « * S M rut# 
Uu#>#*i«w > 
#iouproot ijiHj 
S f M t Bur n*> 
84' 

Presume 

Mil Km 

Prestone ll 
For heeze up and boil­ over protection. 

 over-sink cutting board 

 to to-rn fiffe 

IAU a ^ 
KITCHIN 
CAH 
BAGS 

3o MSS 

149 

 trash bags 

44-quart 3o-count bags 

 furnace & air condition filters 

»**(*•«!«' H M i 
H»*W© 

 potting soil 

 to lbs Expertly blended from organic materials 

83V,, 
Rose Milk skin cream 
Sol t mn. 

7142NORTH SAN PEDRO238MILITARY DRIVE, S.W. 315SOUTH SANTA ROSA 

J 
( 

A 
K 
U 
C 
H 
H 
M 
V 
1o A.M. TO 6 P.M. 

- 
™ r n 
"I 
I 
■ 

7 *V 
'vv; J. J 

:\\; e 

SAVI UP TO 54% 

O N SELECTED G R O U P S OF M ERCH A N D ISE 
ALL 4 GREAT STORES OPEN LATE MONDAY. 
HURRY IN FOR BEST SELECTION! 

Inventory tim e is here! W e w ant to sell it, not count it. So you save! Som e limited quantities, som e I and 2 of a kind, all item s subject to prior sale. 

' ik 
A- n 
* 
, * , A 
' 
:^ 
■ ' . * 
' J ' ) , I' 
V * ^ * 
- j * are just a few exam p hundreds of great savings! 

Rural English style 4-pc. bedroom by Armstrong 

Reg. $619.85 * 
4 
4 
9 
“ 

Consists of lorge doored triple dresser, upright framed mirror, full or queen headboard and spacious chest with drawers and doors in pecan finish. Broadway, Downtown & Big M City. 

Dillingham oiled walnut 6-pc. contemporary dining room 

Reg. $1169.7o *689“* 

Suite includes lighted glass front china with storage behind doored base, round table with extension leaf and four matching chairs with block vinyl seats. North Star ond Broadway. 

Massive French Baroque style 6-pc. master bedroom 

Reg. $1359.oo S 9 
9 
9 
88 

Bombe design in antique white finish with yellow trim, large triple dresser with upright framed twin mirror, 7 8 " tall armoire and elegant king or queen headboard. All 4 stores. 

Lane modern 5-pc. bedroom in oak and oak veneers 

Reg. $1o59.85 *599 

Includes a roomy, doored triple dresser with 9 drawers, large, wood framed landscaped mirror, doored chest and king size headboard with beautiful inlays on fronts. O nly 2 Downtown. 

Henredon 1o-pc. dining room from Chambertin collection 

Enchanting upholstered leg 
98” sofa by Howard Parlor 

Reg. $949.95 
^ 
7 
7 
9 
8 8 

Beautify your living room with this upholstered leg, contemporary 'G a tsb y " sofa in a stunning, woven floral motif in liveable pastel Spring col­ ors. Broadway, Downtowrv-ond North Star. 

Traditional cigarette tables with man-made marble tops 

Reg. $29.95 
* 1 A 
8 8 

A great addition beside a chair or used in pairs in front of a sofa. Com e in two styles and colors from which to choose. At this low price you can afford more than one All 4 stores. 

Famous Hickory Tovern traditional 3-pc. living room 

Reg. $1o69.oo $77988 

Sofa is soft tan accented with beige and blue. 
Two chairs in a conplimentary, similarly toned pattern. Reversible seat and back cushions and full skirts. Broadway, Downtown & Big M City. 

Smart 11-pc. living room group for today’s casual living 

Reg. $2319.oo 
$ 
1 
4 
9 
9 
8 8 

Upholstered pieces in tasteful print with solid pine trim. Sofa, loveseat, chair w/ottoman, sofa table, end table, lamp table, cocktail table, 2 etageres and bar stereo unit. All 4 stores. 

Elegant Country English sofa covered in top quality linen 

Reg. $549.95 *449*“ 

Heavy solid oak frame in distressed fruitwood finish, deep carving on front rail and cane ac­ cents in wings and arms. Reversible cushions. 
Fruit design on custom quilting. 
O nly 
2. 
Broadway & Downtown. 

Contemporary 5-pc. game or dining set in chrome 

Reg. $319.95 $24988 

Four, high ladder back, chrome chairs, chrome pedestal base table with vinyl top in "burl block" beige design measuring 3 6 x 3 6 ", ex­ tending to 3 6 x 4 8 " with leaf included. All 4 stores. 

Transitional 7-pc. dining set made by Chromecraft 

Reg. $399.95 
S 2 
9 
9 
88 

I 1 

Chome leg, white vinyl table measuring 3 6 x 4 8 " extending to 7 2 " with 2 leaves included and 6 high bock, deep-tufted chrome leg chairs with pull over pillow back in white vinyl. All 4 stores. 

Decorative hostess serving cart imported from Italy 

Reg. $169.95 
$ ^ 
9 
8 8 

Inlaid no mar top and gold finish gallery roil, handle and 1 3 " wheels for easy mobility, bottle storage and tray space on bottom. A few left from Christmas. All 4 stores. 
■ ' 

Remaining stock! Perfection occasional chairs in velvet 
$9988 

: 
JU 

Reg. $199.95 and $229.95 

Plush, comfortable, and luxurious, all with kiln- dried frames and 8 w ay hand-tied springs cover­ ed in fine quality velvets. 
Reversible seat cushions and kick pleat skirts. All 4 stores. 

Solid hardwood maple finish traditional sewing rockers 

Drop leaf maple finish colonial secretary desk 

Reg. $169.95 
*99 

A real space-saving organizer with three drawers in base and divided compartments in top desk portion. Ideal for any room in the home. Limited quantities, so hurry. All 4 stores. 

Stearns & Foster queen size innerspring sleeper 

Reg. $499.95 *429“ 

Early American styling is accented by heavy plaid pattern in shades of beige-gold-brown and green. Reversible cushions, arm caps, TV ad ­ justment and skirt. Broadway, Downtown & Big 
M City. 

Big, versatile, roomy 9-pc. corner unit for your home 

Reg. $199.95 
* 
| 
£ 
9 
8 8 

A multi purpose unit with two mattresses, two foundations, two coverlets, two bolsters and corner table in white finish with quilted fabric in white-beige-brown and black. All 4 stores. 

Reg. $55o6.oo *3299 
Reg. $49.95 

Double pedestal oval table in c rich finish with wood inlay, two 2 o " leaves, 2 arm and 6 side chairs with moray velvet seats and backs plus 
Dorothy Draper china. O nly I at North Star. 

Fine traditional styling makes these a standout in any home. Choose from assorted fabrics on the seats. Ideal for bedroom, den or the new mother. O nly 241 Ail 4 stores. 

Campaign style 5-pc. den group in plaid Herculon" 

Reg. $664.oo 
*299 

G et comfort plus durability at a real bargain! loveseat with two ottomans and club chair with ottoman covered in gold, black and cream plaid, easy-care Herculon. O n ly I Downtown. 

 i m w* 4mm ‘fw - is mm & w I 11 mm® 
Magnavox 19” diagonal color 
TV w/automatic fine tuning 

Reg. $449.95 ‘399 88 

Features new fail-safe, energy saving, 1 o o % solid state circuitry, automatic color leveling and big 5 " oval speaker in walnut color finish, high- impact plastic cabinet. All 4 stores. 

 hJBS i i V j 

EJ 
16-1 

I -4 V * 

Feetws A Wop 41o 
343 2341 
1144 (too., HMH., fit, 
UMI twee, BMA, SM. arotkins aud*** «v*rv turn** « Mil* m om UU ham* 

 m akes every house a little m ore like home ALL 4 GREAT STORES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

Buckeyes roll past Colorado 

C O L O R A D O 'S Em ery M ooreheod gains ground 

AP w ir e p h o t o 

MIAMI (AP) — Sophomore quarterback Hod Gerald ignit­ ed a stirring Ohio State attack late in the first quarter Satur­ day night and led the llth-ranked Buckeyes to a 27-1o 
Orange Bowl football victory over No. 12 Colorado. 

Ohio State, the Big Ten co-eham- pion, had minus-2o yards in offense when the 173-pound Gerald took over with his team trailing 1o-o. 

Gerald raced 17 yards on his first play and then sen t ta ilb a c k Je ff 
Logan 3o yards through the middle for a touchdown th a t s ta rte d the 
B uckeyes’ com eback and snapped their two-game losing streak in bowl competition. 
Gerald closed the Buckeye scoring in the final minute with a four-yard run 
Kicking specialist Tom Skladany booted field goals of 28 and 2o yards and Pete Johnson scored his 58th career touchdow n on a three-yard run to account for the rem ainder of Ohio 

It’sgig-em time 

EL PASO — If comparative scores mean anything, Texas 
AAM might as well not even show up for Sunday’s Sun Bowl date with the Florida Gators. 

Kickoff is 2 p.m. CST. 
You see, the Aggies were beaten by 
S outhw est C o n feren ce C ham pion 
Houston, 21-1(1, on Sept. 25. 
Two weeks before that the Gators strummed Houston, 49-14. 
So what? 

The Aggies will indeed show up for the game, bringing a 9-2 record into the match. Coach Emory Bollard’s bunch own a six -g am e w inning streak. 
Meanwhile, the Gators, who wound up the year with an 8-3 record, took their last two games, following two 

H urry R obin son 
O ur m an a t the Sun B ow l 

 straight losses. 
Florida was beaten by Georgia, the ev en tu al 
S o u th ea st 
C onference champ, and Kentucky in consecutive weeks. The Gators then ripped Hico, but barely edged hapless M iami, 
Fla , in the finale. 
This will be the Aggies first ap ­ pearance in the Sun Bowl. Florida, likewise, will be making their first 

 showing here. 
Last year, Florida was blanked by 
Maryland, 13-o, in the Gator Bowl. 
AAM was also post- beaten in season play, dropping a 2o-o decision to the 
Southern California T rojans in the 
Liberty Bowl. 
The Aggies are 5-4 in bowl action and they are are a slight favorite over 
Florida Sunday. 

 rrmrtMns 
•rn sat 

4 J # 

The finest In Men’s fashions: 

 suits and sport coats by Givenchy, 
Pierre Cardin, Jacques Bellini, 
Hollywood and Nino Cerruti. 
Slacks belted and beltless; winter coats ... all reduced 
IO to 3o percent. 

NORTH STAR MALL 

349-6464 

P au l Hill 
O ur m an a t the Cotton B ow l 

T O U C H D O W N C O U G A R S as Dyral Thom as scores 
AP WIREPHOTO 

DALLAS — The Maryland 
Terrapins stayed in their shell a little too long Saturday. 
By the time they came out, the Houston Cougars were on their way to victory in the 41st 
Cotton Bowl football game. 

Houston, the Southwest Conference 
. cochampion, defeated the Terrapins. 
3o-21, before an e s tim a te d 58.5oo sp ectato rs on a cloudy, cold New 
Year’s Day. 
The defeat was the first this season for M a ry lan d , which e n te re d the game with an 11-o record. It w as also the T erps’ first loss in 15 gam es over the last two seasons. 
Mistakes 
Houston took advantage of M ary­ land mistakes in the first quarter to take a 21-o lead, then held off the 
Terrapins in the fourth period to en­ sure its fifth bowl victory in eight post-season appearances. 
“We just played poorly in the first h a lf,” said J e r r y C laib o rn e, the 
M ary lan d coach. “ I th o u g h t we turned the ball over too lquny times. 
We tensed up and forgot our assign­ m ents.’’ 
The first e rro r cam e late in the first quarter when the Terps allowed 
H o u sto n 's M ark M oar to com e through, the line untouc hed and block a punt. 
T hat gave th e C o u g ars, 1o-2, possession of the football at the Mar­ yland 38 yard line. 
Break 
The Cougars, who were leading 7-o at that point, wasted little time capi­ talizing on the break. 
Two running plays gained five yards and then Alois Blackwell, behind the blocking of left tackle 
Kevin Rollwagge, ran 33 yards for a touchdown 
“ It was the sam e as against Rice on the blocked punt,’’ said Mohr, who was voted defensive player of the game. “ Maryland tried to confuse us by not huddling. It s a quick kick type thing. I was lined up and went in between the end and the tackle when 
I noticed he (the tackle) didn t see me. The punter got too close to his blocker or I couldn't have blocked it.” 
The blocked punt was Mohr's third this season. 
Houston got another break seconds later when M arlyand q u arterb a ck 
Mark Manges fumbled the football after a three-yard gain. 
Again, Mohr was in the right place at the right time. He recovered the ball at the Maryland 24. 
From that point, Houston needed only five plays to get into the end zone for a third time. 
Blackwell scored for the second time in the gam e on a one-yard run 

 r 
I HI si SIWY 
EXPRESS NEWS 

 i _______________ SPORTS 

Page I -S 
January 2 I 977 
T rojans, 
Pitt bae the bowls 

See COUGARS, Page IS 

Dorsett sets mark 

NEW ORLEANS (A P ) - 
Matt Cavanaugh’s passes de- troyed 
Georgia while the fifth-ranked Bulldogs keyed on 
Tony Dorsett, and top-rated 
Pittsburgh virtually locked up its first national college football cham pionship in 39 years Saturday with a 27-3 vic­ tory in the Sugar Bowl. 

Cavanaugh scored the first touch­ down for the Cinderella Panthers on a six-yard run and then hooked up with 
Gordon Jones on a 59-yard strike. 
Dorsett, who wound up with a Su­ gar Bowl-record 292 yards after only 
95 in the first half. slashed ll yards 

Sports on 
Radio-TV 

TELEVISION 
11:45 a.m . (Ch. 41) —> Soccer: 
America vs. Cruz A/ul. 
Noon (Ch. 5) — NBA Basketball: 
Philadelphia 7t»ers vs. New York 
Nets. 
Noon (Ch 
12) — American Bowl 
College All Star G am e, North vs. 
South. 
2 p m (Ch 5) - Sun Bowl: Texas 
A&M vs. Florida. 

2 p m. (Ch. ti) ing Highlights. 

2:^9 p.m. (Ch. I) — Shrine East- 
West Football Game. 

1 p.m. (Ch. 12) — The American 
Sportsman. 

RADIO 
2 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) —- San Antonio 
Spurs vs. Denver Nuggets. 

White tough 

PASADENA, Calif. (AP) - 
Freshm an running back 
Charles White took over for in­ jured All-American Kicky Bell in the first quarter and led the underdog University of South­ ern California Trojans to a 14-ft victory over Michigan Satur­ day in the 43rd Rose Bowl game. 
With th«* Big Ten co-cham pions lead in g 8 9, S o u th e rn C alifo rn ia mounted its first touchdown drive in the second quarter. White carried 35 y ard s in eight ru n s in an 89 yard drive, capped by a one-yard run by 

Poge 2-S 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2_1977 

Trojan mats 

Michigan 
o 4 o o— 6 
Southern Col 
o 7 o 7— 14 
Mich — Lytle I run (kick fatted) 
USC — Evans t run (Walker kick) 
USC — White 7 run (Walker kick) 
A - 1o6,182 

 first downs 
R ushes y a rd s 
P o stin g ya rd s 
Return yo rd s 
P osses 
Punts 
Fum bles-lost 
P e n o ltie w a rd s 

Michigan s cat 
I ? 
19 
45-155 
55 2oo 
76 
181 
21 
I 
4 12 o 14 2o I 
5-45 
3-3o 
4 2 
2 1 
2 2o 
6-5S 

IN D IV ID U A L . L E A D E R S 
R U S H IN G - A c h i g a n . L y tle 
18-67. R. D a v is 1o 39. Leach 13-34, 
H ucklebv 31o. Southern Cal. White 
32-114, Totuou 7-6o, E v a n s 8 23, Bell 
4-16 
R E C E I V I N G - M ic h ig a n , J. 
Smjjh 2 52, G. Johnson 2-24 South­ ern Cal, D ig g s 8 98, M R o b in so n 
2 42, Sim m rin I 27. 
P A S S IN G - M ic h ig a n , L e a c h 
4 12 o. 76 y a rd s . S o u th e rn C a l, 
E v a n s 14 2o I, IBI 

DISCOTHEQUE 
FOR SALE 

GROSS $5oo,ooo IN 1976 
25% NET 
$1oo,ooo CASH TO HANDLE 
P.O. BOX 2564 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78229 

Dan Cook 

It takes crust lo eat others’ pie 

People have been trying to poke fingers and thumbs into pies belonging to others ever since the first pie was invented. Nothing new there. 
But in recent years the pie-grabbing situation on the collegiate scene has developed into taffy pulls with no holds barred. 

When a college’s football program goes sour and fails to produce a profit we can expect to see school officials to make every effort to cut corners and then, when all else fails, cut football. 

, S p e n d in g fo o tb a ll^ receipts o n the 

AP WIREPHOTO 
LYTLE POW ERS OVER for Michigan touchdown from the one-yard line 
USG nips Michigan 

\ %1, 

FOOTBALL TtAM?'* 

 r i d i c u l o u s ii 

Continued from Page IS senior quarterback Vince Evans. 
In the fourth quarter, White ran seven yards for a touchdown, capping a 58-yard march. 
Playing before a crowd of HIH, 182 and a national television audience, the W olverines scored first on a 
5o-yard advance in 12 running plays with All-American Rob Lytle scoring from the one. Southern California’s 
Walt Underwind blocked Hob Wood s conversion attempt. 
Jerry Zuver, who usually holds for the placem ents, had been injured during the scoreless first quarter. 
Curt Stephenson came in as the al­ ternate holder, but it appeared that it was Stephenson’s suprem e lunging effort that m ade the play—not an breakdown on the part of the holder. 
Bell, runner-up in the H eisnian- 
Trophy balloting, was knocked out in first qu arter and doctors advised against using him the rest of the game. White, who had taken over for one game when Hell was hurt in the regular season, gained 114 yards in 32 carries. 
Michigan, which led the nation in scoring during the regular season with 38.7 points per gam e, proved unable to mount a passing attack 

Meanwhile. Evans hit 14 of 2o for 
Southern Cal totalling 181 yards. 
Shelton D iggs, who caught the winning conversion in the Rose Bowl two y ears ago when the T rojans edged Ohio State 18-17, caught eight of the thrown for 88 yards. 
No. 2 Michigan entered the game favored by a touchdown over the No. 
3 ranked Trojans, hut Pittsburgh's 
27-3 triumph over Georgia virtually e lim inated the Rose Bowl as a decider of the national championship. 
Evans, a senior from Greensboro, 
N.C., won honors as player of the game. Plaudits also went to the stout 
Southern Cal defense, where junior linebacker Clay Matthews called the signals that held down the option of­ fense of the visiting midwesterns and provided the Pacifie-8 conference with a victory for the seventh time in the last eight Rose Howl games. 
Michigan, co-champions of the Big 
Ten. absorbed its third loss in as many tries under Coach Bo Schem- bechler. 
Although rain fell late in the week, 
New Y ear's Day dawned with sun­ shine, and the natural grass field was dry for the bowl battle. 
Michigan’s only other loss this year was to Purdue on natural turf, and 

 the Wolverines’ IO victories all came on artificial surfaces. 
Southern California, operating for the first year under Coach John 
Robinson, lost its opener to Missouri and then won IO straight, capturing the Pac-8 title before the Rose Bowl made it ll victories in a row. 
The Trojans gained 2oo yards on the ground in 55 attempts and added 
181 through the air, all on E vans’ passes. 
The Wolverines gained 155 yards in 
45 attempts on the ground and only 76 through the a ir. with sophom ore quarterback Rick Leach completing four of 12 passes. 
Schem bechler opened the gam e with his All-American Lyjle at tail­ back and Russell Davis at fullback. 
Lytle contributed 29 yards in eight carries on the touchdown drive. Then late in the third period, the Michigan coach switched L.vtle to fullback and sent sophom ore sppedster H arlan 
Huckleby in as a tailback. Still, the 
Wolverines could not score again. 
As the game neared its conclusion. 
Michigan threatened again as Leach 
Int Jim Smith with a 32-yard pass and 
Gene Johnson for 12. This time the threat died at the 17 as the sophomore threw two incomplete passes. 
■HALLMARKAEROTECH 

, y 

YOUR CAREER IN 
AVIATION 
MAINTENANCE 
TECHNOLOGY 
NEXT ENTRY CLASS JAN. 31 ST 

BECOME A LICENSED AVIATION 
MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN a lo? 
Accredited MATTS Institution 
• Qualify far fAA AAP liesnss fAA Approved 
• Court* Duration 12 Months 
Courses in Airframe and Power plant • Job Placement Assistance tor FwrtH*, information On A Comer In Aviation Celt, Visit 
HALLMARK AERO-TECH 
11OO 99ft. Street 
PO BOX I BIBB Bunsen field 
Sen Antonie, Tenet 7831B 
Cell (311) o3B-8SS1 

Evans fin ally reached his 

Durned few institutes of higher learning will field football teams year after year and wind up in the red. They’re not go­ ing to take money from the library fund or cash ear-m arked for faculty raises to pay for the care, feeding and transporta­ tion of football players who aren’t big boxoffice. 
And that, perhaps, is as it should be. Nobody expects the math profes­ sor to do without his an­ nual raise so that defen­ sive linemen can chomp sirloin on long plane trips five times a year. 

But why is it, then, that when the college football team shows a husky profit everyone on the campus expects to grab a slice of the pie? 

The most recent attem pt at such pie-stealing is now occuring in Gainesville, Fla. It isn’t an isolated case. Not by a longshot. Just the most recent. 
As you probably heard, the Florida football team en­ joyed enough success this season to earn an invitation to meet the Texas Aggies in El Paso’s Sun Bowl. 
The Sun Bowl isn’t one of the giants among post-season classics but it is a major game and the folks in El Paso are not greedy. They offer generous allowances and fat purses to their invited guests. 

In short, both Texas ALM and Florida will receive 
$16o,ooo for their participation bat expenses must come from those checks. Florida decided to live it up, rewarding its players and coaches for the long season. The Gators are going first-class all the way and they will wind up spend­ ing $14o,oov on the trip, leaving $2o,ooo to turn over to the university for whatever it is universities do with windfalls of 2o thou. “ 

And docs that make the natives back in Gator town happy? Good Lord no. All week long they’ve been holding meetings and drafting resolutions to put the bad mouth on 
Florida coaches. Athletic Director Ray Graves and just about everyone going on the trip who won’t be wearing a helmet Sunday afternoon. 

PASADENA, Calif. (AP) 
— Vince Evans sat smiling amid the joyful bedlam of the Southern C’alifornia dressing room Saturday and said softly: “ My ulti­ mate goal since 1967 was to come to this school and win the Rose Bowl. I’m going out a winner.’’ 
The 
T ro ja n s’ senior quarterback not only went out a winner, he wrapped 

 up his college career with his finest gam e in third- ranked 
Southern 
C alifornia’s 14-6 victory over No. 2 Michigan. 
The 6-foot-2, 2o4-pounder from G reensboro, N.C. completed 14 of 2o passes for 181 yards. He also ran for the T ro ja n s’ initial touchdown and directed th** offense with poise and authority. 

$ mm 
QENMNK 
SEIECTED STYLES 
SOJI8o 
*24 1341 

FORMERLY s3195 TO SM.95. 

The fine quality of Florshetm Shoes won t surprise you, but these low prices might. There’s a good selection, but not all sizes in all styles At these low prices, it s a good investment to buy two pair. 
FLORSHEIM SHOE SHOPS 
American Express cards welcome along with most major credit cards. 

WINDSOR PARK 
653-9994 
NORTH STAR MALL 
341-5oo3 
9 
CENTRAL PARK 
344-2121 
4o4 E. HOUSTON 
223-1582 

 goal 

“ I fell in love with USC when I was a kid back in 
North C arolina,” Evans said. “ I w atched O .J. 
(Simpson) and the Trojans play in the Rose Bowl on telei ision and I said. ‘Hey, that’s fur m e."’ 
Evans wrote to Southern 
California, saying he was interested in attending the school and it turned out that the Trojans were in­ terest cd in him. too. 
Evans said the Trojans took advantage of a trait of the Michigan secondary to get receivers open. 
“ T heir secondary has been coached rfbt to get beat d eep ,” E vans ex­ plained. “So that enabled us to slip a man in front of them and hit him with short passes.” 
Shelton 
D iggs, who caught the last-m inute two-point conversion pass that gave Southern Cal an 
18-17 Rose Bowl victory over Ohio State in 1875, again had an outstanding 
New Year’s Day. 
The senior flanker grabbed eight of E vans’ throws for 98 yards. 
“ Vince was putting the ball right on the money," said Diggs. “ He even threw me a couple I should have caught and didn’t.” 
The Trojans' first-year coach, John Robinson, al­ ways has been an Evans booster, although the quar­ terback had drawn a great deal of criticism in the past for his inconsistent pass­ ing. 
Saturday, Robinson could crow a little. 
“ Let's hear it for good of 
Vince Evans," the South­ ern Cal Coach said after the 
Trojan quarterback was 
I named player of the game. 
“ He was super. T here’s nothing more pleasing to me than to say that." 

No library b ook s 

Let s see now, we might start with Fonda Eyler. She s president of the Graduate Students Union. Fonda is furious because the football team is “ spending all that money” after the school administration swore to her that there is “absolutely no money available" to go to graduate assistants. 

Fonda and her crew have drawn up a potent, biting, resolution that puts the hard knock on Gator gadders. Can you imagine? Those brutes going to El Paso in chartered jets uhile school administrators refuse to pick up the tab for her graduate assistants. 

Then there’s Dr. Robert Blume, president of some campus faculty group. He’s hot because nobody offered to toss a slice of the pie toward the school library. “The library’ has been unable to purchase new books since 
September due to a lack of funds,” he said. 
Golly, three whole months without a new book. And it’s all because the football team is going to the Sun Bowl. 

Along about now you should be reminded that the university doesn't contribute a dime to the school football team. It makes its own way, has its own budget and profits from the season usually go to support other school sports that lose money. That would be sports like golf and track, to mention a few’. 

My point is, the football team has to make its own way. 
If and when that program starts to lose money it wont get any help from the library or graduate assistants. The school simply will first “de-emphasize“ football and then drop the sport. 
So how come every little group on the campus hpwls to the heavens when the team takes a deserved reward for a hard season and goes to a bowl game traveling first cabin? 
They’re even howling about the freeloaders—members of the athletic counsel—making the trip. Goodness, every­ body knows that we’ll discover cures for arthritis, lumbago and the common cold before we eliminate sports freeloaders. 
Bowls m ig ht vaninh 

While on the subject of bowl games, they might not be with us too much longer. 

In recent months sentiment among coaches seems to be growing for national playoffs, a tournament that would determine a true national champ, lf this plan is ever adopted you eau wave goodbye to all the major bowls. 

For my money it can’t happen soon enough. Personally speaking. I’m sick of all the so-called civic leaders who control the bowls and cheat like hell every year when it comes tune to invite teams. They ait jump the gun and break the agreed, NCAA deadline. To make matters even worse, the ABC-TV network got into the act this year by sweetening its Sugar Bowl pot—well in advance of the invitational deadline—so that number one ranked Pitts­ burgh could be collared, well in advance of the deadline. 
Maybe it’s lime to take the post-season games away from outsiders and let the colleges do their own things and decide a championship along the way. 

 j NATIONAL GUN CLUB | 
I 

< 

P 

I 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS bm m i l k w a r of rf x a s i « v a l l c y ) o n f m c / i 
PHONE: 688-3291 
NEW HOURS OF OPERATION: 
WED.-SUN. 1:oo ML TH DARK 

SKEET-TRAP-INTERNATIONAL SKEET SHOTGUNS 
SHOTGUN RELOADING SUPPLIES-AMMO-HULLS 
SHOOTING JACKETS-SHOOTING SUPPLIES 
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC-MEMBERSHIPS AVAILABLE 

THIS AO IS OOOO FOR ONI FRI! BOUND OF TBSP OB SM IT 
TO NOM-MIMBIBS (LIMIT ONI M B PIR ION PLEASE) 

I 

I 

I 

We Made Our Move! 

And We Need To Sell 2oo Tires 
In Just 3 Days! 
(h£ 
) 

STIEL BELTED RADIALS 
“Blems” 

‘36’5 

BR 78-13 
CR78-14 

FLUS TAX 
CR78-14 
DR78-14 
£878-14 
‘49 

FH78-I4 
o78-15 

95 
H R78-15 
NOTICE! Tire W arranties Change Jan. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 J 9 7 7 

T ony n o 'd o g fo o d ’ wins 

Continued from Page IS 

 into the end zone just two minutes before the half for a shocking 21-o bulge. 
Meanwhile, a storming Pitt defense allowed the suddenly toothless Bull­ dogs only one completion in 13 first- half passes and a meager 66 yards in total offense in the first two periods. 
The pilfering Panthers intercepted four passes in the second quarter, with thefts by linebackers A m ie 
W eatherington and Jim C ram er igniting touchdown drives of 74 and 
67 yards. 
Pitt's Eastern champions made it a brilliant and joyous New Year’s Day farewell for Coach Johnny Majors, who rescued a rag-tag program four years ago and brought the Panthers to a spotless 12-o mark and the top of the heap this season. It was P itt’s first perfect season since a 4-o log in 
1918. 
Georgia’s Southeastern Conference kings, a three-point underdog, wound up 1o-2 but their heralded defense, nicknamed the “ Junkyard Dogs,” was em b arrassed by the sh a rp ­ shooting Cavanaugh and a flock of surehanded receivers. 
While M ajors, coaching his last game at Pitt before returning to his 
Alma Mater, the University of Ten­ nessee, completed four rags-to-riches seasons with a 33-13-1 record, the bullet-swift Dorsett added to statsties that should keep him college foot­ ball’s rushing king for a long, long time. 
On 43 regular-season gam es, he netted 6,o82 yards in becoming tho first 6,ooo-yard runner in history. The yardage includes 1.948 this season, one of 19 NCAA records he holds or shares. 
Tears gone as Bulldogs view record 

NEW ORLEANS (AP> - The tears lasted about five minutes. Then the Georgia football players began raising their heads, throwing back their shoulders, talking about the IO vie* tories, forgetting the two defeats, and thinking about next year. 

Saturday s 27-3 trouncing by Pittsburgh in the Sugar 
Bowl came in the first game played under a three-year agreem ent that m akes the Southeastern Conference champion the host team in the bowl. 
“ Darn right, we’ll be back next year,” said tight end 
Ulysses Norris. 
Be back 

“ No way we're going to miss another shot at this. We ll be* baek next year ” said reserve quarterback Tony Flan- nagan. 
“ I’m proud of our football team ,” said Coach Vince 
Dooley. “There s no way I can be happy about today. I’m as disappointed as they are. 
“ But when you look back on the whole season, you have to be proud of these men.” 
As the Georgia team filed into its dressing room, cor­ nerback Johnny Henderson sniffed and sobbed deeply as the door closed behind him. So did offensive guard George 
Collins. 
But the tears were gone shortly afterward 
Over and over in the somber dressing room, the same refrain was heard: "They’re number one.” 
Pittsburgh came into the game ranked first in the nation and apparently cinched that spot in the post-season poll. 
Hat 

“ I take my hat off to Pittsburgh,” said Dooley, baring his bald pate. Dooley joined several players and assistant coaches in shaving their heads as a symbol of team unity during the season. He said he did it because of a commit­ ment to his team. 

“ I've benefitted from associating with this group — a group which pulled together and dedicated themselves as they did. 

"The players were very disappointed and hurt, as they should be. But I told them how proud I was of them and reminded them of how far they had come. 
"They’ve had a great season.” 

Majors gets 6 
P ill 
Aides 

NEW ORLEANS(AP) - 
Johnny Majors said Satur­ day that six members of the 
University of Pittsburgh staff will go with him to 
Tennessee, where he takes over as head coach next season. 
In addition. Majors said he will retain 
Robbie 
Franklin and George Cafe- go from the present Ten­ nessee staff. 
The Pitt coaches moving to Tennessee are Henry Lee 
Parker, adm inistrative as­ sistan t to M ajors; Joe 
M adden, assistan t head coach and secondary coach; 
Joe Avezzano, offensive coordinator and line coach; 
Bobby Roper, defensive coordinator and linebacker coach; Bill Cox, q u arter­ back coach, and Jim Dyar, defensive line coach. 
M ajors' announcem ent came following Pitt s 27-3 
Sugar Bowl victory over 
Georgia which gave the 
Panthers a 12-o record and all but assured them of college football’s national championship. 

Canada bags hockey win 

PRAGUE (AP) - Cana­ da. getting goals from six players, beat the United 
States 8-2 Saturday night at the World Junior Ice Hock­ ey Championships at Zvo- len. Slovakia. 
Dave Gandini and Jim 
Pennigroth scored for the 
United States. 
In another game, the So­ viet Union beat Finland 1o-6 at Banska Bystrica, Slova­ kia. 

The HB-94o 4o-Channel CB* 
With all the above plus; 
• LED digital channel readout • Built-in 
SWR calibration control to accurately mea­ sure the matching of your antenna to the unit • RF gain control permits weakening of incoming radio signals to allow for better reception of the desired strong stations 
199.95 

FULL WARRANTY FOR AS LONG AS YOU OWN YOUR CAR 
For as long as you own your car. we will repair or replace (at our option), free of charge, any Lafayette Model HB-64o, HB-74o or HB-94o Citizens 
Band Radio which fails due to defects in material or workmanship. 
Simply return it to us. 
Lafayette 
Radio Electronic*^Shopp«ng Centers s,or* 

Associate 
SERVING TOUR NIEDSIOR St VIARS NATION WIDE 

OPEN SUNDAY FROM 12:oo NOON UNTIL — 
MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 
6828 SAN PEDRO 

NEW ORZEANS (AP) — Tony Dorsett gave Georgia’s vocal, red-clad fans a pat on the back for inspiring top-ranked Pittsburgh in its Sugar Bowl triumph. 
"I was never as ready to play a game as this one, just because of the Georgia Bulldog fans staying at the hotel where we were,” Dorsett said after rushing for 2o2 yards and a touchdow n in his last game as a collegian. 
"We’d go out on the street and they were agitating us quite a a bit," said Dorsett, especially' miffed at hearing 
Georgia chants of "Dog food, dog food." 
“I really don’t think they understood what they were doing,” he told dozens of newsmen crammed into a post-game conference room at the Superdome. 
"We didn't like it, and the guys wanted to go out there and show the Georgia Bulldogs who was the dogfood." 
Dorsett also joined his teammates in proclaiming Pitt 
/ number one, no m atter how Michican and Southern Cal 
' fared in their Rose Bow l matchup, which they were billing 
'as the national championship game. 
"They are making a claim but I think we claimed it." 
Dorsett said after breaking the old Sugar Bowl rushing record of 199 yards set in 1944 by Georgia Tech’s Eddie 
Prokop. 

Quarterback Matt Cavanaugh, voted the gam e’s Most 
Valuable Player after passing for two touchdowns, was even more emphatic about the contention from the Rose 
Bowl. 
"I think it’s bull,” said the normally reserved Cavan­ augh. 
"There’s just no question to everyone that we’re No. I. 
The other game just doesn’t have any relevance as far as we’re concerned." 
The losing bulldogs had an ll p.m. curfew the entire week while Pitt's players were on their own much of the week to sample the Bourbon Street nightlife. 
A reporter kiddingly asked Coach Johnny Majors if his team had done too much partying. 
"W ait till tonight,” Cavanaugh interjected with a whoop. 
“ I think our players knew how lo handle the situation,” 
Majors had answered 
"Three or four years ago I had to lock the doors a few times and throw away the key. But not this time. not with these young m en.” 
Majors is heading for a new head coaching job at his alma mater. Tennessee. 

The 
N ew 

NOW! 4oo S. Floret of Durango 

Tire Company 

2 2 6 - 4 1 1 1 

The first & the only New CB’s with a full warranty for as long as you own your car! 

The HB-64o 4o-Channel CB* 
• Digital phase-lock-loop circuitry • Dual conversion to improve selectivity • CB/ 
Public address modes • H i/lo receiver tone switch for improved reception • Ceramic filter provides exceptional adjacent channel rejection • Local/Distant switch for clear reception • l arge illuminated S/PRF meter 
• Transmit indicator light 
• Range boos! circuitry • Built in automatic noise limiter 
• External speaker jack119.95 

The HB-74o 4o-Channel CB* 
With all the above plus: 
• Switchable automatic noise blanker and automatic noise limiter— both designed to minimize external noise interference • Delta tuning to help pinpoint off frequency recep­ tion • Tone control lets you tune in on the most pleasing voice pitch • Receive indica­ tor light 159.95 

P itt-G e o rg ia stats 

Pittsburgh Georgia 
Firs! d o w n s 
?4 
14 
R u s h e s v a rets 
AO ?88 4o U S 
P o s in g v a r d s 
IO? 
46 
R e tu rn v o rd s 
14 
? 
P a s s e s 
IO lh o 3 2? I 
P u n ts 
5.37 
8 i t 
F u m b le s lost 
.? I 
4 
P e n a ltie s y a r d s 
AAA 
4 3o 

Pittsburgh 
7 14 J 3—J? 
Georgia 
o 
o 1 o — 3 
Pitt — Cavanaugh A run (Long kick) 
Pitt — Jones S? pass from Cavan- augh (Long kick) 
Pitt — Dorsett It run (Lonq kick) 
Ga — PG Leavitt IS 
Pitt — FG Long 42 
Pitt — PG Long 31 
A—76,1); 

IN D IV ID U A L LE AD E R S 
R U S H I N G — P itts b u rg h . Dors ett 
3? ?o2, W a l t e r I t IS. C a v n no ug h 
I? 15 
G e o r g i a . G a f f 1/ I A. Mc L e e 
14 48. P olla rd S tA 

R E C E I V I N G - Pitts burgh, ta v io r 
4 l l . Jones 3 8o. W alker I 36. Corbett 
I IO. D o r s e t t I m i n u s A G e o r g i a . 
Oavls 1-19, P vb u rn I 14, M e l e e I t 1 

P A S S I N G - P it t s b u r g h , C a v a n aucih IO 18o, 19? y ard s Georgia, GOM 
14 1, l l ; Robinson ? IS i, 33, f l a n agon o ? o, o. Davis o I o. o 

SUCCESS IS ONLY A MATTER OF LUCK ... 
ASK ANY FAILURE! 
CARRY AN AUTOPHONE POCKET PAOCR ... 
AND GET “ LUCKY"! 

DORSETT rolls up record yardage 
AP WIREPHOTO 
Saturday s yardage, along with ‘242 yards in two other bowl gam es, boosted his final over-all figures to 
6,526 yards on 1,163 carries. 
Bowl gam es are not included in 
NCAA statistics. 
After fired-up Georgia held Dorsett to just two yards on his first two c a rrie s, C avanaugh got P itt un­ tracked with a 12-play, 8o-yard march on the Panthers’ next possession. The junior quarterback com pleted key passes of 14 yards to Jones and 36 to 
Elliott Walker and also sneaked for a vital yard on fourth down at the 
Georgia 49. 

Cavanaugh’s strike to Walker put the ball at the 1o-yard line. Dorsett circled right end for four yards, and 
Cavanaugh scored untouched on a keeper through the left side. 
Aware lf Georgia wasn’t aware before (hat 
Pitt had other weapons at its disposal besides Dorsett, the harrassed Bull­ dogs know it now. 
Early in the second period, Weath­ erington intercepted a pass by Ray 
Goff, SEC Player of the Year, at the 
Pitt 26 and the Panthers broke the game open in just three plays. 

 ouiophofM of ton onto. Vo 
TSc 
Pfopl« 

L 
J 
171o a m air' sab o i-'lom o, lokO i 7871? 

D o n t 

H * San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 I977 
, U v ‘ ' * ' 
Cougars nip Terps to win Cotton Bowl 

Continued (rom Page IS 

"'itll 51 seconds k it in tho quarter. 
Lennard Coplin kicked his third PAT to make it 21-o. 

Thus Maryland, which had allowed only 22 points during the first quarter in its first ll games, found itself in rather unfamiliar circumstances. 
“ We weren’t concentrating like we should have been,” Claiborne said. 
“ We seemed to have lost our poise.” 
The Terrapins finally woke up two possessions lacer. 
With Manges doing most of the work, the Terps drove 49 yards in eight plays for their first score. He accounted for the final 16 yards on runs of IU and six. the latter for the 
TD. 
Maryland’s defense stiffened after that, forcing the Cougars to punt the next two times they had tho ball. At the same time, though, the Terps were unable to do anything offensi­ vely. 
It appeared Maryland had the mo­ mentum at that time, bul Houston quickly took it away in the closing minutes of the first hall. 

With the ball at its own three, 
Houston marched 97 yards in only seven plays or its fourth TD. 
Quarterback Danny Davis did most of the damage. 
First, he gave the Cougars operat­ ing room with a 15-yard run to the 
Houston 19. The first down was UH’s first in the second quarter. 
Left end 
Then, after Blackwell went around his left end for 14 yards, Davis threw his first pass of the game, hitting his tight end Eddie Foster for 25 yards. 
Daryl Thomas picked up another four yards and then Davis threw a perfect pass to Don Bass over the middle for 33 yards and the touch­ down. Coplin’s PAT attempt was wide right. 
“ That great drive that Houston made just before the half was the killer,” Claiborne said after the game. “ It took the momentum away from us after we had begun to control the action.” 
“ He (Davis) threw that one right on the money,” said Yeoman, who now has 15 seasons as the Cougars* coach. 

BILL YEO M A N chats w ith Je rry Claiborne 
AP WIREPHOTO 

Maryland, which missed a field goalintheopeningminutesofthegame, • made one last attempt to get on the scoreboard before halftime. 
Kenny Roy returned the Houston kickoff 52 yards to give the Terps excellent field position at the Cougar 
48. 
Manges passed eight yards to wide receiver Vince Kinney, but three plays later, and with no time outs left, Maryland was forced to try an­ other field goal. But Ed Loncar’s 
37-yard attempt was short and wide to the left. 
No one gave Maryland much of a chance as the second half opened. 
But the Terps took the kickoff and promptly marched downfield. A 
Manges-to-Kinney pass for 2o yards gave the Terps a first down at the 
Houston five. 
Tailback George Scott got a yard over right guard but Manges was stopped for no gain when he tried to run up the middle. 
On the third down, tight end Don 
Haha got free in the end zone, but 
Manges’ pass was tipped by Hous­ ton's Guy Brown. 
Then on fourth down, Manges passed to wingback Chuck White w ho was stopped at the one-yard line on a hard tackle by Houston’s Vincent 
Greenwood. 
Deep 
That gave Houston the ball, hut dangerously deep in its own territory. 
Blackwell, the offensive player of 
Hie game, got the Cougars out of trouble oil a third-and-five situation when he swept left end for 31 yards to the UH 37. 
But two plays later Larry Seder recovered Daryl Thomas’ fumble, setting the Terps up at the Houston 
35. 
Maryland took advantage of that break, scoring in eight plays to cut the deficit to 27-14. 
Manges passed ll yards to Erie 
Sievers for the score with I 45 left in the quarter. 
Meanwhile, the Maryland defense, which has not been scored on in the third quarter in its last 13 games, bagan to contain the explosive Cou­ gar offense. 
The Cougars did make it inside the 
Terrapin 3o early in the final period, hut oil fourth-and-five. Davis was stopped after a two-yard gain. 
Maryland couldn’t move the ball either and had to punt. But the Terps 

ALO IS BLACKW ELL drags Terps’ John Stanford o ver goal for TD 

A P W IR E P H O T O 

 got the ball back when Blackwell fumbled on his own 3o. 
The Terps needed only six plays to get into the end zone and back into the game. 
Fullback Tim Wilson got the TD on a one-yard run. 
But unlike Maryland in the first half. Houston did not lose its poise. 
After an exchange of punts, the 
Cougars had the ball at their own seven with H IO left in the game. 

Thomas gained five yards but Da­ vis was dropped for a one-yard loss, leaving the Cougars facing a 
,third-and-six situation at their own ll. 
“ If we had a chance to win, we had to stop them there,” Claiborne said. 
But the Terps didn't. 
Despite a heavy pass rush. Davis hit Robert Lavergne with a sideline pass good for 13 yards and a first down. 

From there the Cougars drove down the field, using valuable time as they went. 
The Cougars finally settled for a field goal — Coplin kicking it from 28 yards out — but by that time they had used up all but the final 18 seconds of the game. 
“ We just didn’t make the big plays.” said Claiborne. No one will deny that. 

EVfftYfHMfi UNDER THC SUN fftlCIO LONER 

7142 N. SAN MORO AVE. A 
238 S.W. MILITARY OR. 
9-9 Dolly/9-6 Sot. 
SAN NMO GAS STATION MEN SUNDAY 1o-6 

CHA TO TMI BICINT TIKI INDUSTRY'STRIKE WI 
M AY SI IN SHORT SUPPLY OI SOME TIRE SIZES 

 it 

DUNLOP 
4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 
76 

Terrapins tough 
Blackwell says 

ANY 
SIZE 
LISTED! 
76 

ANY 
SIZE 
LISTED 
7 6 * * 

ANY 
SIZE 

WHITES 
PLUS 
ONLY 

$ 3 .o o EA.! 

SIZE: 
EXC. TAX: 

A 7 8 - 1 3 
1.74 

B 7 8 - 1 3 
1.84 

- 7 8 - 1 3 

8 7 8 - 1 4 
1.88 

C 7 8 - 1 4 
1.88 

E 7 8 - 1 4 
2 .2 5 

5 6 o - 1 5 
1.81 

6 o o - 1 5 
1.87 

F 7 8 - 1 4 
2 .3 9 

F 7 8 - 1 4 
2 .5 5 

H 7 8 - 1 4 
2 .7 5 

G 7 8 - 1 5 
2 .5 8 

H 7 8 - 1 5 
2 .8 o 

J 7 8 - 1 5 
3 .o o 

L 7 8 - 1 5 
3 .o 8 
’ Ply ratings are th* manufac­ turer's ratings A specifications. 
••WHITE PRICE! 
INSTALLATION INCLUDED IN 
A U PRICES. 

ADD MUES Of WEAR! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! 
76 

UT OUI EXPERTS 

SII UMHE. 
CASTIE ANO TOI 
SHIMS ANO 
IAIoR INCLUDES 
Mott U S. Cwt. 

I ERICAS!) 

Mobil 

EXPERT D R U M & DISC. 
BRAKE SERVICE 
FREE INSPECTION AT 
NO OBLIGATION 

DALLAS (AH) — Alois 
Blackwell, fresh from a two-touchdown. 149-yard rushing performance, in 
Houston’s 3o-21 Cotton Bow l victory over Maryland Sa­ turday said the Terrapins were “ tougher than I ex­ pected and deserved to be rated higher than they were.” 
The Houston halfback gave this opinion of the highly touted Maryland de­ fense after a 428-yard per­ formance by the Cougars, so the message of Black- well and his teammates is clear—the Southwest Con­ ference Co-champions have an awfully good offense. 
Blocking 
“ I got real good blocking up front and I think my strong point as a runner is the ability to find the hole and move through it quickly,” said Blackwell, who had a 1o3 yards rush­ ing in the first half as the 
Cougars took a 27-7 lead. 
They had to hold on in the 

 second half, kicking a field goal in the final minute to preserve the triumph. 
Quarterback Danny Da­ vis is even more confident in the Houston team’s abi­ lity than Blackwell. The sophomore signal-caller announced plans after the game to “ wear a 1977 na­ tional championship shirt next season.” 
Despite Houston’s miser­ able 2-8 record in 1975, Da­ vis wore a “ 1976 SWC champs” T-shirt from the beginning of this season and he made true the boast as the Cougars surprised the experts by driving to a 
Cotton Bowl host berth in the first year they became eligible. 
Cougar confidence ap­ parently permeates the en­ tire squad. As the two teams walked to the dress­ ing room after the game, reserve flanker Rickye 
Maddox walked up to a de­ jected Maryland player and said, “ Hey, don’t worry about it. You have a good 

DUNLOP WIDE WHITE 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

Sited 
Peri inc. Tax 
Price; 

G78-15 
2.58 
39.76 

J78-15 
28o 
42.76 

178-15 
3.o8 
45.76 

Rock to th* 
Good OI’ 
Oaysl 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 
A Shock for ivtqf NrmII 

PREMIUM 
HEAVY DUTY: 

A r f) *! lo lo «C (enNNiom 

Autom aUtotty un4m t t a t | 
Mg tOAROfftVIOl. 
'©ach 

UVIUZIRS: 
7 a p,8*r**n rvt< *|K>n4 
• RA uNo ivoy owl adds to step! 

 pair end rifely to your tor (front or roan) 

 m m I i AtR-ADJUSTABU 
M I / O SHOOtli 

J R A l 
I tor (a rt rn In k up frock! 

■ 
■ p a i r 
Ih ff carry torteWo loMfr 

PUU u r n TO IIT MOST u. s ca rs, im­ ported CARS Oft PICK-UP TRUCKS. 
Export iftttakotion is Available. 

DUNLOP GOLD SEAL 
STEEL BELTED RADIALS! 
WHITEWALLS! 

Urn 
BR7B-I3 
DR7B-14 
El 7o-14 
MFB-14 
GR7S-14 

Iod­ in fox: 

V * 
2.42 

Prior 
36.76 
41.76 
43.76 

Slur 
HR7S-14 
6R7B-15 
NR/I IS 
46.76 JR7B-15 
4*76 im-IS 

 fed. 

(a c Tea) 
Price* 
3.o7 
52.76 
297 
5o.76 
3.15 
54.76 
3.31 
57.76 

3 4 7 
59.76 
2 STILL KILTS plot 2 POLYtSTIft CORON 

GLOBAL M A R S T O T B T 
36 MONTH 
UMITED WARRANTY! 

76 

24 2J> 

M f IIL, poi althorn* 
^ ", i f 

INSTALLATION OXX’. ZZ Z 1 2 Z tar ymrtMl at ■ i mirier la 
INCLUDED! rrJ L T S 

Superstar I Van 
' A TruckjConvGfslon W h eel: 

A red cedrin^' Pos Maua aa Mtaa Maori#*. A a* PM RI YA 
4 atmai rife# akan PJM rn t w eeted Yan. 
I I 
VMM imp rn tm Bami VoMaMao 
W I 
P m w kaa*, aria* IN A . (O M -M O A ). A r i U rn A q u ariia at 

LA S V EG A S 

3 D a y s - 2 N ig h ts 

MINI JUNKET *1o3 £5L 

Sunday, Jan. 16 to Tuesday, Jan. 18 

Poy $16o3 and receive SHOO in chips. Includes round trip air fore, two nights deluxe accommodations at major hotel on the strip, oil meals, shows, drinks, banters, tax tips. Annual club membership $25. 

 fo r M o re Inform ation Call 
Player’s Club 
342-o231 

 team. You just played an­ other good team today.” 
Blackwell and Davis said they believed the Cougars went “ conservative" in the second half when Maryland pulled to within six points in the fourth quarter, but 
Houston Coach Bill Yeoman disagreed. 
"To us, running is not necessarily conservative,” 
Yeoman said. “ Running worked for us in the first half, so why not keep on’ 
That way, you can maybe move the ball and run out the clock, too.” 
But he added “ I ’m sure there was a settling effect when we got a big lead and there’s nothing you can do about it.” 
Yeoman said he believes the Cougars should be ranked at least fourth in the final national poll, which is where Maryland had been rated before the game. 
“ Maryland has a heck of a team ." he said. 
Cougar stats 

Maryland 
o 7 7 7-71 
Houston 
714 o 1—3o 
HOU — O T h o m a s H ru n (C o u l d kick) 
Hou — Blackwell 33 run (Caplin turk) 
Hou — Blackwall I run I Coo Mn kick) 
Mar — Manges A run (LoncOr kick) 
Hou — Bass 33 doss from Oovts 
(kickfotied) 
M a r — Jie v e r s I t o a s t fro m 
Mange* ISochko kick) 
M ar — Wilson I run (Sochko kick) 
HOU - FO Cooltn 28 
A - ‘>8.5.oo est 
M a ryla n d Houston 
First downs 
Mushes yards 
Passing yards 
Return yard* 
Posses 
Punts 
Fumbles last 
Penalties yards 

 it 
2o 
4o IKl Ai (JO 
179 
1o» 
IT 
S 
IT 12 o 
6-44 
I I 
8 Aft 

I 8 o 
J it, 
4 3 
5 22 

J 

INDIVIDUAL Ct AD I: HS 
HUSHING - Houston. Blocky*#!! 
27 149, Thomas U-1o4 M aryla n d 
Scott ll V 
H iC E IV iN G — Houston, Foster 
3 62. Maryland, Ktnnev 5-72, Wilson 
J-74 
PASSING — Houston, Davis S 8 o 
1o8 yards. Maryland, Manges 17 32-o, 
ITO 

I M it t ! i hale track • 6 .ti 

LEASE$229 
-m m m mm fly m d m d 
1977 

OO mo 
COUPE DE VILLE 
S T O C K -#1oo5 
36 MO.-CLOSED END 

226-7221 

Son Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday January 2 1977 

, 
■ 
• 
. 
' . 
. 
: 
■ 
■ t p . 

, 
, 
. 
I 
- 
. 
, 
. 
_ 
, 
- 

The party may be over. But Satel’s is ringing in the New Year right with a big 
Year End Clearance Sale. Save now with knock-down, drag ’em out prices on some of the best looking clothes you’ll see all year. It’s the biggest thing since 
Guy Lombardo. It’s Satel’s Year End Clearance Sale. And you’re cordially invited to save NOW in ALL THREE STORES. 
Large Group Suits 
From $145to $325 . . . Now $79 to 
Large Group Sport Coats 
From $1oo to $21o ... NOW $59 to 

$239 

$179 

DRESS SHIRTS 
WERE $15.oo to $17.oo ..................NOW 
WERE $17.5o to $2o.oo .................. NOW 
WERE $21.oo to $22.5o ..................NOW 
WERE $24.oo to $3o.oo ..................NOW 
SWEATERS 
WERE $15.oo to $17.oo ..................NOW 
WERE $17.5o to $2o.oo .................. NOW 
WERE $21.oo to $22.5o ..................NOW 
WERE $24.oo to $3o.oo ..................NOW 
WERE $32.5o to $38.5o ..................NOW 
WERE Over $4o.oo ............................ NOW 

WERE $15.oo 
WERE $17.5o 
WERE $21.oo 

$12.76 
$13.76 
$14.76 
$17.76 

$12.76 
$13.76 
$14.76 
$17.76 
$25.76 
$29.76 
KNIT to $17.oo to $2o.oo to $22.5o 

SPORT SHIRTS 
WERE $15.oo to $17.oo ..................NOW 
WERE $17.5o to $2o.oo ..................NOW 
WERE $21.oo to $22.5o ..................NOW 
WERE $24.oo to $3o.oo ..................NOW 
WERE $32.5o to $38.5o ..................NOW 
WERE Over $4o.oo ............................ NOW 
SLACKS 
WERE $25.oo to $3o.oo . . . 
NOW 
WERE $32.5o to $37.5o ..................NOW 
WERE $4o.oo to $45.oo .................. NOW 
WERE $47.5o to $55.oo .................. NOW 
SHIRTS 
NOW $12.76 
NOW $13.76 
NOW $14.76 

$12.76 
$13.76 
$14.76 
$17.76 
$25.76 
$29.76 

$21.76 
$27.76 
$33.76 
$41.76 

Alamo Heights • Central Park • Windsor Park Mall 

H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
Fly cham p keeps title 

FLYW EIGHT C H A M P Espadas decks Takada 
AP WIREPHOTO 

TOKYO (AP) - Gu- ty Espadas knocked down 
.Tiro 
Takada, closed his left eye and stopped him in the se­ venth round Saturday to retain the World 
Boxing 
Association flyweight cham pion­ ship. 
R eferee Lay S erv io of 
Panama stopped the fight at 1:46 of the seventh after the Japanese challenger’s manager threw a towel into the ring. 
It was the first defense for E sp ad as. of M exico, who won the championship from Alfonso Lopez of Pan­ ama Oct. 2, 1976. 
Espada, who weighed 111 
1-4 pounds to 112 for Taka­ da. was in command from the outset and scored the knockdown in the third round with a series of head punches clim ax e d by a hard left flush to the face. 
Takada began bleeding from the nose in the fifth round and his left eye com­ pletely closed in the sixth, causing the ringside physi­ cian to examine him in the corner after the round. 
The World Boxing Coun­ cil recognizes Miguel Canto of M exico as flyweight champion. 

General Agents 
A&H and Life 
« 

Ray Ross soys, "D rop m e a note at P O Box 246o, Salt Lake 

City, Utah 8 4 11o , and I will see that you receive our top 

 commission contracts, policies, brochures and full details 

 about our am azing Equitable Plans." 

Most of our guaranteed renew able supplem ental plans are 

 autom atically issued to age IOO No health questions — No 

 waiting periods — All pre-existing conditions are covered as 

 of date of issue, w ith im m e d ia te au to m a tic claim 

 paym ents. 

EQU ITABLE LIFE & CASUALTY INS. CO. of Salt Lake City, is con­ 

 ducting a National Expansion Program with direct Hom e O f­ 

 fice Agency & Brokerage Contracts available. We are a 4o- 

 year old Legal Reserve Stock Com pany and we believe that 

 every Agent s Contract should be VESTED and EQ U ITA B LE. Act 

Now — Write Today! 

 lf you have any questions, please call on our Agent s W ATS 

 line, Toll Free — Just Dial 1-8oo 453-3245 
Ask for Joh n 

Biasing, Bud Walker or Jim Bowlden. You will find us Good 

Guys to do Business With 
An e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r rn ' I. 

V\v 
J/J 

Ara content not coaching 

NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Former Notre Dame Coach 
Ara Parseghian said Saturday he is leaning toward remaining out of coaching in 1977. 
Parseghian. who resigned from Notre Dame after the 
1974 football season with a 95-17-4 record in ll years, said he has discouraged conversations with National Football 
League teams, although several clubs have approached him. He did not identify the teams. 
Parseghian has often said he w ill never return to college coaching. 
“ It was very difficult being away from football the first year, but it’s grown less difficult with each passing year.” said Parseghian. here to serve as ABC-TV color commen­ tator for the Pitt-f«eorgia Sugar Bowl game. 
“ I still miss being around the players and I miss preparing for a game, making the game plans, but I don t miss tile recruiting. 
‘‘My feelings about getting back into coaching might change this month, but I doubt it." 
Parseghian hinted he might be interested in becoming an NFL general manager rather than a head coach. 
Parseghian spent 1976 working for ABC-TV, running his insurance agency i i i South Bend. Iud., and doing some public relations work. 
“ I have plenty to do.” he said. “ More than enough.” 

Strikes ’n 
Spares by Harry Page 
Ross hisrhlmhts 
L J —......... P 
‘ banner keg year 

M ark Ross highlighted an outstanding year for the local bowling community in 1976. 

Ross set a state and local record with an 866 scries back in March at Astro Bowl. The 19-year old kegler had games of 3oo, 29o, and 276 in recording the nation’s second highest series last season. 
F e a ts by 
Jo e Vito 
Buenrostro, Mal Meek, 
Milt Syring, and Glenda 
R eeker c a n ’t be over­ looked either. 
Joe Vito captured the 
44th annual Texas Men’s 
S ta te Bow ling tou rna­ ment’s Class A all events tie with a 2.o89 total in 
Houston. 
Meek and Syring fin­ ished fifth in the final regular division doubles standings in the Ameri­ can Bowling Congress’ national tournament in 
O klahom a City. Meek and Sy rin g , who co m ­ bined for a 1,334 total with Meek getting a 692 serie s and Syring 642,* won SI ,8oo dollars. 
Reeker won her second 
-.traight San Antonio Women’s Bowling Association tour­ nament with a 1,787 scratch all events total. She also won the handicap division with 1,981. 

Ross also received the 
Sun 
Antonio 
Bowling 
Association’s Bow ler of the Y ea r award, and 
Mary 
Falconer captured her third straight SAVVBA ‘‘Superior 
Performance” Award. 
Then there were others who had notable moments. 

Kila O’Quinn and 
Debbie Kirst combined efforts to renew a bowling weekly. The San Antonio Kegler........ 
Carol Smith captured the women’s state 6oo Club title while Audrey Poole had the high game in the same tournament .... 
Carolyn Barn and 
Patsy Pendarvis finished second in the open division doubles during the 
Texas Women’s Bowling Association tournament at Long­ view with an 1,118 s c o r e 
Iud! Brothers had the local women’s top series with 739 ...... Bettie Jo Geisler won the local HOO Club tournament ...... The city’s largest center, the Sports Palace, which has 54 lanes, opened in Sep­ tem ber ....... and 
Jim Collins was chosen the men s bowling association president while Judy Stephenson was reelected the women’s prexv. 

A yala fig h t adds Cantera vs. H ered ia 

GLENDA RECKER 
....two straight 

CESAR DECIGA 
. . . fights Ayala 

Gabby Cantera, 122, of 
San Antonio, will face Ger­ ardo Heredia, 121, of Mon­ terrey, in a 1o-round fight on the Jan. 18 boxing card at Municipal Auditorium. 

The bout will be one of three preliminary clashes leading up to the 12-round main event between Mike 
Ayala of S .A. and Cesar 
Deciga of Monterrey for the 
North A m erican Boxing 
F e d e ra tio n ’s super b a n ­ tamweight title. 

The super bantamweight division is new and NABI" officials say the winner of the A yala-D eciga fight must defend the title within 
HO days. 

Promoter Tony Padilla says another 1o-rounder and a six-rounder will be added to the card, which will begin at 8:3o p.m. 

Padilla says Heredia has an 1M-1 record. 
Tickets for the card arc priced at $4, $6 and $7 and are being sold at the Atlas 
Bar, 1o6 N. Medina. Ducats u ill go on sale at tin* Gunter 
Hotel Jan. IO. 
Sam Houston 4th, 
Burbank 12 th 

P e r f e c t g a l l i e s 

SET OF 4 

BELTED 
POLYGLASS 
WHITEWALLS 

1217 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE 
923-o356 • 924-7238 

56o1 SAN PEDRO 
734-3533 • 734-7726 

U.S. 
Hefters roll on 

MELBOURNE, Australia 
(AP) — Charles Pasarell, the No. 15 seed from Puerto 
Rico, led three Americans into the second round of the 
A ustralian Open tennis championships Saturday, but Vie Amaya was ousted. 
P a sa re ll beat tem p er- mental Bob Hewitt of South 
Africa 2-o . 7-5, 6-3, 7-B; 
P ete r 
F lem in g downed 
Australian Barry Phillips- 
Moore 6-o. 5-7. 6-J, 6-2 and 
E rie van Dillon tam ed 
Aussie Chris Rachel 6-3, 
6-2 . 6-o . 
Australian Dick Crealy overcame Amaya 6-3. 1-6, 
7-6, 1-6, 75. 
Untrack 
Hewitt, attempting to un- track Pasarell and unleash bis own anger, repeatedly 
Int away the ball after los­ ing points and at least twice shouted abuses at an un­ friendly crowd at Kooyang 
Stadium. 
But it was all for naught. 
P asarell said lie was un* 

I aware of Hewitt’s antics. 
“ I played so-so and 

I serv ed in patches and got a 
I few lucky breaks,” he said. 
“ I just hung on, hoping that 
I could get the upper hand. 
“ A couple of lucky net cords helped me on vital 
IMiints.” 
Ease 
Van Dillen, who disposed of Rachel in straight sets. said he was surprised with the ease of his match. " I expected a much harder m atch afte r hearing of 
C h ris ’ win over Arthur 
Ashe. I expected him to really put the pressure on nu*." 
Rachel ousted Ashe in a tournament last week. 
Amaya put up a Valliant 
J fight before he succumbed to Crealy. In the 2V^-hour duel, each player had spurts of brilliance, only to fade. 
It was 
C r e a ly ’s grass-court experience that finally prevailed. 

Larry Rassner 
(twice). 
Don Sttubing. Don Jonietz, 
Jake Granato, Randy West, Danny Errico, Royce Beaver, 
Tom Pennington, Jim m ie Rivera, Larry Porrini, Jerry 
Moon, Carlos Castaneda. Joe Vito, Rick Clarkson, and 
Rene Cantu each had 3oo games .... Connie Sanchez and 
Debbie Lauzon both had 289 games and Donna Wallace had 279 and Lola Graves 278 .... Stan Schoenfeld, Mike 
Ereehauf 
(an AJBC bowler). 
Mark Smith, Joe Greer, and Ross each had 299 games .... Glen Pollan, Dickie Bell, and Richard Roberts had 298 games .... Roberts had a pair of 29o games, Clarkson, 
Ken Hartsell, and 
Louie 
Blancarte had other 29o games .... John Williamson won the South Texas Junior Association’s m e e t.... Helen Baetz was inducted to the WIBC’s Hall of Fam e .... 
Lew Le­ vinson, Betty Wise, and Jerry Merck Sr. were inducted lo the local Hall of Fam e ...... and 
Nell Recroft won the women’s first City Match Game crown. 

In the men s state tournament, Robert “ Bob” Villarreal won the (’lass B all events title with an 1.o98 score and the 
Class B singles with 718, and the La Feria Team, composed of Clarkson, Elm er Meyr. Al Eudy, Bob Harris, and Okie Carberry, won the (’lass A team title 

Hon Rippon won the Boys’ Open Scratch Division in the 
All-America Youth Bowling Championships’ state finals 
Rocklyn “ Rocky” Boubel, Kathy Kirst. Brian Flanner and Williamson each won major AJBC events in town .... 
Robert Keyser Jr . won the AJBC Top Twenty .... Richard 
Burns had five 7oo or better series in the AJBC ranks .... 
Roberts captured the men’s Top Twenty event and Jerry 
Johnson won the women’s version .... Gayle Hayes who started the Bowling Mirror magazine, and ILL. “ Buck” 
Buckner, both Hall of Fam ers, d ied 
Steve Lothringer rolled an 824 series, Bell 815, and Rassner 8 13...... Charlie 
Slate won the City’s Match-Game title .... Mario Deleon won the men s city scratch title. 

Sam Houston is tied for fourth and Burbank is rated 
12th in the first 
Texas 
Association of Basketball 
Coaches’ poll this season. 
Houston and V icto ria trail Deer Park, El Paso 
Eastwood and Fort Worth 
Dunbar. Houston Madison and Galveston Ball are tied for sixth, while Bryan is eighth. Clear Lake ninth, 
Houston Jo n e s 1oth and 
Dallas South Oak Cliff lith. 
Rounding out the top 2o after Burbank are Dallas 
Carter, Houston Rushmere, 
Houston Milby, Marshall, 
Tyler, Beaumont French, 
Midland Lee and Corpus 
Christi Moody. 
Three other area teams are ranked, with Gonzales sixth and Kerrville Tivy l i t h in C lass AAA and 
Blanco filth in Class A. 

Odessa E ctor, Morton, 
Broaddus and H enrietta 
Midway are ranked No. I in 
Classes AAA down through 
B, respectively. 

The selections will be twice monthly in January, 
February and March. 

Saturday & Sunday 

Sale 

Massage tables, sham poo 

 bow l, double sink, ass t kit- 

 the n cabinets, thairs, chests, 

 xm as decorations, misc 

 household, business item s, new lumber 

JAN 1st & 2ND ONLY 
9313 POWHATAN 
341-7651 

 and finally.... 

GREAT 
VALUES 
FROM 

BARRY 
MANUFACTURING CO. 

Wendell Wong won the first 189-under tournament, a successful brainstorm of Art Vera 
....... Lauzon won tile first Ladies Amateur Tournament Association event. which was started by a group of women headed by Jerry 
Johnson ___ The local Special Olympics team won the 
Traveling Team Trophy at the state meet iii Dallas .... 
Shirley Mansfield won the Martha Washington tourna­ ment ...... Mrs. O’Quinn won national and state writing awards. 

And there was ABC’s new and controversial ruling on lane conditions that cost the likes of Keith Hershey, I urt 
Elliott, Ross, and Rivera awards. Hershey had a 3o(1 game erased, Elliott’s 299 and 813 series and Rivera's other 3oo game were not sanctioned, and the combined score of 1563 by Elliott and Ross did not come up to, ABC standards. 
The National Bowling Council announced that its Third 
Bowling Spectacular will be held at Wonder Bowl, May 3-7. this year. 

There’s many more feats that deserve mention but we’ve run out of space. It was a great year. 1976, and it ll 
In* tough to come up w ith an encore for 1977. 

Last w eek's results 

L A N E N O T E S 
A L L S T A R 
Hit h ard barra 646 
B m K e y se r Jr 
617 
H undv H en d r it S s fc?7. M iiite B rie fifc e 
>7o. 
Dome Moss ut 66v, Colby Hyter St. I m e Cotorom a M in ed League Mill start M ondoy with a m eeting at 6 IO p m . and bow lers a re needed, any one interested should natl 972-4o62, 
648 1624, or the tones tot further intor motion 
H E R M A N N SO N S: 
Bob Headrick w as elected the house director by the City bow ling assoc lotion 
S O U T H S ID E 
D o u g R a ym o n d 
744 666 
Victor VoiQ def 6o«, M y rt 
D e ftly 6o7, Jan B ricke r 6o4, A life 
Ai lvoet SHV. E u n ic e Ham pton 664, 

Dc jane fo rd ssu 
V ivia n sm m 
(12 wom en over SIO ‘• e rn s t 
M e n s C h a r t e r L e ag u e ‘s ttu 
12m g toi 6 p ot 
In u r s d u v s 
416 8166 or V27 J/o1 tor turin tot motion 

 a a 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
572o EVERS RD. AT WURZBACH 
681-153o 
“WIN A 1977 
DUNE BUGGY” 
Look for 
INTERNATIONAL 
SPA St FITNESS AD 
Monday, Jon. 3rd, Express and New s 

O A K H IL L S : 
Br ton J tor a 26/ gam e and Don A d a m s ton verted the / 9 IO Split 
O kie C ar 
P e r r y 
266 67o. 
H a n d y b u r n s 
266 661. Joe VdO B u e n ro stro 652. 
R ick Clark sun 64o. N icky Reid MO 
M a ry Arnold 214 66o, Judy W right 
216 647. 
Beverly 
Pantuso 
SHJ. 
Shirley M ansfield 671 
Bre n d a E no 
“i68. ( I I m en over 6oo serif-, 
18 wom en over SJO series I. 

 g 6 L IA D 
M ike M c P h e rso n 616; 
U ave H icks 6o9 
C o ry R o s s 24)1 
A o r o 11 a B u rto n 2 6 2 697. G le n d o 
H e c k e r S J I; 
B e tty D u e lm rn < 
Bow lers a re situ needed tor leagues at 6 : JO p m M o n d a y and 9 jit i> rn 
Thursday, tall J1J6ISU (or further tfttof m otion 

W O N D E R 
R h Urn d Hotter is rw 
M o i Meek 681 
M ilk W atdrep 6/8 
D an n y f r r ic o 672. Robert M a n g e 
662 M y rt D e l tty 61J M a ry U n kei 
68o 
Jay J fu n am tin s/i 
Sharon 
Kautm un 66k, /Ayrt 
H»oo»s 668 <18 rn civ 6oo or b e lte r se rie s se ve n women over 64o set its I W inners al the A J B C Tourney 
G irts 
Jut) niter G o n y e r a n d bem ata H u g e i g a m , 2. Cm dv H edrick and Cm dv fc su tn o so m . B o y s 
I. S te v e n 
W aggoner and D a rre n W oidrep 
J. 
Paul 
Hogetucnis cmd 
D a vid 
M cD aniel 

1 o o % POLYESTER 
A N D W O O L BLEND 
VESTED SUITS 
STRIPES 
PLAIDS 
C O R D U R O Y 
THOUSANDS TO CHOOSE FROM 
ALL SIZES 

MADE TO RETAIL AT $11o.oo 

FACTORY PRICE TO YOU FROM 
$59.95 

EXPERT 
ALTERATIONS 
AVAILABLE 

BARRY MANUFACTURING CO. 

53o6 JACKWOOO 

MON., THURS. 1o-9 

TUES., WED., FRI. 1o-7 

SAT. 9-6 
IF YOU CAN’T FIND U S -C A U US 684-795o 

7 WAYS TO BUY: 
* 
MASTER CHARGE • BANK 
AMERICARD* AMERICAN 
EXPRESS • DINERS CARD 
SHOPPERS CHARGE • E-Z 
CREDIT • CASH 

23 LOCATIONS: 
ARLINGTON •AUSTIN 
CORPUS CHRISTI • DALLAS 
FORT WORTH • HOUSTON 
LAREDO •PASADENA 
SAN ANTONIO* WACO 

[ P n n k e l I n d e x 
| 

The Dunkel System provides a continous index to the relative strength of all team s shown. It combines scoring m argin with strength of opposition and is weighted in favor of recent performance. Thus, a 12o.o team has been 
IO scoring points stronger, per game, than a 11o.o team against opposition of identical strength. 

NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE SUPER BOWL XI 
Oakland (128.1) over Minnesota (124.2) by four. 
Coogs clash with UCLA 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - 
Two of the nation’s top col­ lege basketball players, 
UCLA’s Marques Johnson and Houston’s Otis B ird­ song, will be showcased 
Sunday in the nationally televised m atch between the Bruins and the Cougars. 
E ighth-ranked 
UCLA brings a 9-1 record into the afternoon game at Pauley 
Pavilion, while Houston is 
9-2. 
Johnson, com ing back from a knee injury, scored 
31 points in the B ruins’ latest victory, an 88-68 romp over Utah State. 
That outing was the best of the season for the senior forward, as he shot well from outside and inside. 
Birdsong ranks among the nation's leading college rvn« R ii-n u w r scorers, and has hit more 
OTIS BIRDSONG than 6o per cent of his floor 
. . .on the spot shots this season. 
Evert top-seeded in tour tourney 

WASHINGTON (AP) - 
Chris Evert, ranked No. I in the world, will be the top seed in the first leg of the 
11-city women 's tennis tour which opens Sunday in the nation’s capital. 
Virginia Wade, beaten by 
Miss Evert here last year. is seeded second for the weeklong $1oo,ooo to u r­ nament worth $2o,ooo to the winner. Competition will include five days at George 
W ashington 
U niversity before it moves to the 
Capital Centre in suburban 
Maryland for the finals. 
Others seeded in the field of 32 are M artina N avra­ tilova, No. 3. followed by 
Betty Stove. Sue Barker. 
Mima Jausovec. Francoise 

Durr and Greer Stevens. 
Two Soviet players, Olga 
Morozova and N atasha 
Chm yreva, w ithdrew because of flu They were replaced by Laura DuPont and Mary Struthers. 
Miss Evert, who lost only four matches on the circuit last year, will see her first action Monday against 
Kathy May. 
Other seeds playing 
Monday include Miss Jau­ sovec vs. Janet Newberry. 
Miss D urr vs. V alerie 
Ziegenfuss and 
M iss 
Barker vs. Virginia Ruzici. 
The Women s tour, spon sored by Virginia Slim s. will end March 24-27 with a 
$15o,ooo cham pionship in 
New York. 
No. 7 W. Forest rolls by Richmond 

RICHMOND. Va. (AP) - 
Forw ard Je rry Schellen- berg scored a career high 
32 points and led seventh- ranked Wake Forest past 
Richmond 84-73 Saturday in a nonconference basketball game. 
Wake F o rest, playing without leading scorer Rod 
G riffin, who is injured, trailed by as many as IO points in the first half and 

 was down by four at inter­ mission. 
The Deacons went ahead to stay on Skip Brown’s jumper with 13:36 rem ain­ ing but held only a six-point lead at 72-66 with four min­ utes left. Wake Forest then outscored the Spiders 8-3 over the next three minutes to increase their lead to 13 and clinch their ninth vic­ tory in IO starts. 

Sears 
Snap ’n save! 

25% to 33% off when you have color film developed al Sears 

S A V E »i lti print** d r* elo p ed an d p rin lrd 
I 97 
Urn. 
IS.97 

S A V E *1 .4 4 
SOI print** dr* eloped an d p rin lrd 
297 

£ l i 

S A V E iOc 

 lim n m ovie 
Mound, oilent o r 2o .lido* p r ore* ted* 
I 19 
Rep. 
II.S9 

Print Developing Warranty 

H you ara not vatialtad with any print develop?* by Sear* return it to ut and wa‘ti re-dc th* print Ira* or w ail ralund your money 

Sale prier* in effect until January 5, 1977 

Char** h on Sears Revolving Charge 

• E n r a p t f u r f o r e ig n f ilm 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Hark 
Sears 

D owntown Plaza M orr 
Soledad al N avarro 
K im and I bur*. 9i.lO -9 
O th rr day* 9 ;4 o -6 

***** M o ist I a ANI) t o 
Where America shops 

M ilitary Drive 'More al Ptea*anlo« Md 
Mon thru Sat. 

 t r e tr a l P ark Store 
S aa P edro al b * iy H O 
Mon thru Sal. 
9i;to-9 

‘WORK 
‘LEISU RI 
CLOTHING 

Selected group of men's sport shirts 

Were * 12 lo * 16 

Long sleeve and short sleeve styles included 

Knit and wtiven styles 

Easy care Perm aPrest fab­ rics 

While quantities last 

ENTIRE STOCK 
Men’s Fall and Winter 
SUITS 
4o% 
OFF 
Closeout, fall and winter 
Men’s sweaters 
Regular $ 7 o to $1 IO 

Regular, short and tall sizes 
Patterns and solids 
AII easy-care polyester fabrics 
Quality tailoring 

• Entire stock, including pul­ lovers, cardigans, long sleeve and sleeveless, while quanti­ ties last. 

Men’s Dress Shirts 

Sears has a great selection of dress shirts in stripes, patterns and solids 
... perfect mates for the suits in your wardrobe. All are Perma Prest polyester and cotton. Hurry in while quantities last! 
Special Group western shirts 

A u t h e n t i c w e s t e r n w h ir ls with a fa sh io n flair. Matte o f e a sy -ra re cotton a n d p o ly e s­ ter. F e a t u re s in c lu d e s im u ­ lated p ea rl s n a p s , two flap p o cke ts a u d lo n g tails. F r o n t anti h a c k y o k e s, som e with c o n t r a s t p r i n t s . 
F a n c i e r sh irts h a t e e m b ro id e re d a u d q uilted yoke s. S - X L . 

I b a r g e it oil S ea rs R e volvin g I - b arge 
Sears Where America 
(Antral Purl* N«M* 
S i n IS l i n t iii | a m i |i IM I 
U t i i i . t h r u S i t . 
9i3n-9 

Military Drive Sun* ut IM« a-unlon Itll. 
Mull, thru SU. 
9(3o-9 

I lo*, ilia** ti |*lil/U S o re 
Sdediiil ut Navarro 
Mon. anil I hue*. 9i,'|lM# 
All tatter day* 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

S o n Antonio E X PR ES S N E W S — 
S urn d o y Januory 2 1 9 7 7 
P age 7 -S 

Sears I CLEARANCE 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sunday January 2 1977 
Bass enjoy quiet stream 

You'll never find Pat and 
Bob Bass at any of the wild night spots in San Antonio. 
That s not their style. 
They are more apt to be tak­ ing a long walk with their dog, 
Cool Hand Luke, in their North 
Side neighborhood. 
“ We’re awfully close to being an­ tisocial,” Bob says in his fam iliar drawl. “ But not antisocial in the bad sense you understand 
“ Really, we are riot snobbish,” adds Pat, his wife of 28 years (27 in 
August). “ It s just that we find ful­ fillm ent with our own fam ily and some close friends.” 
The fam ily consists of two boys, 
Kelly (25) and Kip (23), arid their wives, ( indy and Ann. respectively. 
“ We are really a close fa m ily ,” 
Bob. the Spurs' assistant to the pre­ sident and assistant coach, said. 
The boys have spent more time ar­ ound here since they were married then they did when they were going to school.” 
“ Of course, that s natural.” Pat said. commenting on the boys’ abs­ conce during their college years, 
“ 'n u ll’s when they needed time to grow and make a life of their own. 
"Kelly, who is a graduate assistant in basketball at Pan American, runs up here quite often lo see his dad. 
Bob was really a great father to them while they were growing up. 
“ Ile was involved in little league sports even though the attitude of some of the parents really bothered him. Ile always spent a great deal of time with the boys. And during the summer, we would always lake long 
.vacations .*’ 

At home with the 

 by Kevin O ’Keeffe 

“ I ii some respects, a pro schedule allows you more tim e with your fa­ mily than a person would think,” the short, gray-haired man said. ‘in tin* schedule, about 7o days out of 1o5 are actually spent in hotel rooms away from home. So you can see how much time is left, plus the offseason. 
“ There were always days when we knew Bob would be home to eat lunch with us, for example,” Pat said. 
“ I probably spent much more time at home while I was coaching in col­ lege,” Bob said “ The pace was much slower then. But there has been much more moving around in the pros.” “ 
For friends, the Bassos have grow n close to Spurs’ Coach Doug Moo and his wife. Jane. 
“ They are both very good people.” 
Pat said. “ Yea, but Doug tends to fall off asleep when you are talking with him ,” Bob added with a laugh. 
“ We re a lly enjoy all the Spur players,” Pat said. “ There isn’t a bad one in the group. It is really a good crew . 
Things started for Pat and Bob back during their freshman year at 
Oklahoma Baptist in Shawnee. 
“ She pursued me hard and fast.” 
Bob laughed, taking some gentle kidding from his wife. 
“ Where did we meet?” he 

 thought. “ Oh, probably at a basket­ ball game.” 
“ No, it was in zoology class.” Pat interjected. 
“ That’s right.” Bob said, a smile now coming to his lips. “ You were wearing a tight sweater.” 

“ If you are going to talk about that. 
I’m going to talk about my basketball playing,” Pat, whose part-Indian blood was about to boil, said, trying to change the subject. 
The two dated steadily throughout their school years at OBU are were married after graduation. 
“ What attracted me to her?.” Bob pondered. “ Well, she was a female 
How’s that to start with. 
“ She s a G em ini and I ’ m an 
Aquarius, so I have to have the pa­ tience. Gemini’s are hard to get along with.” 
Pat, a native of Duncan, Okla . gave a more serious reason for lier interest in Bob. 
“ We have sim iliar backgrounds,” she said. “ I really liked him as a person. He is a nice person. He has many good qualities, besides being a good coach.” 
Pat, the daughter of an o ilfie ld worker, was a physical education m ajor at OBU and was, indeed, a 

Bob and Pat Bass enjoy a few m om ents together in their hom e. Fam ily tim e is im port ant to both of them. Here Bob retells som e tales of d ays past. p h o to by h .m. dean 

 skiing enthusiasts and even got into snow' skiing when Bob was in Denver. 
“ I used to quail hunt a bit. too,” 
Bob added. “ I had a couple of real good bird dogs.” 
Hamburgers 
Bob used to hold the franchise rights for Wendy’s Hamburgers in 
Travis County. He has given up that pursuit. 
“ We wanted to make it a fam ily business, but we found out how much work there was to it,” Pat said. “ It just didn’t go well,” Bob added. “ So, now Terry (Stembridge, the Spurs’ announcer) and I bought a few oil wells in Oklahoma. No, the checks haven t started rolling in yet.” 
For recreation, Bob and Pat are regular moviegoers. “ Wayne (W itt, 
Spurs’ public relations director) al­ ways asl^; me about the flicks, he knows I’ve seen them a ll.” 
Bob also enjoys golf, but only in the offseason. And Pat is at home in the kitchen. 
“ Pot roast and pecan p ie ,” she smiled. “ .lust the basic stuff. Nothing fancy for us.” 

 good basketball player. 
“ I got a scholarship offer from 
Wayland C ollege,” she reported. 
“ And I also got an offer from the 
All-Am erican Redheads. They are like a female Harlem Globtrotters. 
They’re the number one g irls bas­ ketball team around. 
“ But my daddy didn’t want me to join them. Not because I would have had to dye my hair red, but because he didn’t want me going all over the place. But, there would have been no way for me to get this jet black hair of mine red anyway.” 
Bob, the son of a retired Oilwell supply company worker, is a native of Big Spring, Tex. But Bob’s stay there wasn’t long. He also lived in a few other sm all Texas and Kansas towns before his dad settled in Tulsa, 
Okla., in 1942. 
Journalism major 

He started out in journalism at 
OBU before switching to health and physical education. He has a BS from 
OBU and a Masters front Oklahoma. 
“ Yea, I was going to be a sportsw­ riter,” he said, starting to tease this 

 w riter, “ but I decided I wanted to make money.” 
By this time. Luke, the part huskie and part shepherd, was getting a lit­ tle antsy outside. 
“ He likes to chew on sportsw ­ riters,” Bob laughed, “ .lust let him work on you awhile.” 
Bob and Pat bought Luke in Denver when Bob was coaching the old 
Denver Rockets of the ABA. “ It was really an expensive dog,” Bob said. 
“ I got him for three books of green stamps.” 
“ I was so em harassed, I went back to the ear when Bob offered them green stamps for Luke ,” Pat re ­ membered. 
In S A , Bob and Pat are enjoying their home which they have been in for a little over a year. It s a three- bedroom place. 
“ I picked it out,” Pat said. “ Bob didn’t care. He just wanted to get moved in. ” 
“ We’ve had about IO d iffe re n t places through the years,” Bob said. 
“ The last one in Memphis was the best. We are going downhill now.” 
The Bass family used to be water 
Frank Pacheco 
Fan o f the W eek 

Frank Pacheco is a regular at Spur games and is excited about this sea­ son i i i the National Basketball Asso­ ciation. 
“ Being i i i the NBA makes it more interesting." Frank said “ There are 

 s o many good teams i i i the NBA Also there are inst more different teams in the NBA " 
One remembers back to the last year of the ABA when the Indiana 
Pacers would visit the Arena 15 times This Season the NBA clubs come iii two times apiece (except for 

Denver which comes iii just once). 
“ I came to several games the first year of the team,” Frank reported, 
"and I just got involv ed. I hadn’t seen any basketball in person before the 
Spurs. 
“ I think it is just the pro game itself that excites me.” 
Pacheco lists George Gervin and toby Dietrich as his favorite Spurs 
“ The Spurs should have a strong showing in the NBA this season,” he said “ They have the players. I sure hope they do well.” 
FRANK PACHECO 
P iston’s Kevin Porter back playing his game again 

 sci c a i to in t 
N t w s 
DETROIT — Christmas was not a time of joy i i i the Kevil) Porter house a year ago 
Obtained bv the Pistons from the 
Bullets in a trade tor Dave Bing. 
Porter had inst started winning over his new fans in the Motor City when he suffered a knee injury wine!) required surgery last December 9. 
" \\ hen I got off the operating table 
I told myself I’d never play again.” recalls Kcv in. “ The pain was so great it was unbearable." 
Although the pain eased after a while and lie could not put his foot on the floor for two months after the o|M*ration. the mental anguish during recovery became the biggest prob­ lem. 
“ ll was lough going to games when the club w as hom e,” continues 
Porter. “ It was a helpless feeling sitting and watching.” A tew ol the fans made matters worse by calling him “ cripple ’’ 
Those fails may have helped motivate Porter, according to coach 
I Urb Brown 
“ Kevin didn’t want lo believe that he wouldn’t play again last year.” explains Herb, who took over us the 
Pistons head man well aller Porter 

 was sidelined. “ He fully believed that he would show the fans that he could play before the year was over, but he didn’t realize how serious the opera­ tion was " 
Brown also saw one benefit derived from the months of rehabilitation. 
“ He worked out alone most of the time since he didn t travel with the dub. He spent a lot of hours on lits outside shot 
Its added another di­ mension to his game.” 
As a result. Porter, already one of the league's top playmukcrs. is now among the league field goal percen­ tage leaders. 
But Porter s shoot mg takes a back seat to his pluv making role and teammates Bob Lanier and Chris 
Ford join their coach in appreciating what Kevin means to the Pistons’ attack. 
“ lie s one player who looks to pass first and shoot next,” says Ford. who teams with Porter in the backcourt. 
"He causes us to move and get open because we know he ll get us the bull if we're free ” 
Lamer, the Pistons’ captain and leading scorer, echoes 
Ford s feelings 
His ability to penetrate opens up our offense.” says Bob. 
“ Nobody i i i U h * le a g u e is (totter a l 

 getting the ball to an open man.” 
"lie s our catalyst,” beams Brown. 
“ He s like an extension of the coach on the court lh* knows what’s needed and then does it ll we have to pick up the tempo he does it. but he can also slow play down and use the clock when it s to our best a vantage.’’ 
Porter, too, never mentions shoot­ ing when discussing his role with the 
Pistons. 

* “ I have to keep the offense going,” says Kevin, “ lf I can penetrate we ll win a lot of games. Its also great to know that when a play breaks down you can go inside to suc h a dominant center as Bob.” 
In his final year with the Bullets, tin* team reached the league finals before bowing to the Golden State 
Warriors lor the championship so his thoughts about his current team are something which should not be taken lightly. 
" This is the best team I ve ever played on.” says Kevin. “ Look at the talent and depth we have. I don’t sec* anyone in the West that s any bet­ ter." 
If that s the case tin* Pistons’ finish may match Kevin’s new uniform number — ONE. 
NBA tipo ff k ) 

NO. 8 
GOAL TENDING: WHEN 
Four options must be present for goal tending to be called: 
1 There must be a field goal attem pt w ithin the playing area 
« 
2 The ball must be on its downw ard flight 
3 The entire ball must be above the ring level 
4 The ball must have a chance to score in the judgm ent of the official 
In the NBA no player can touch a live ball that is above the ring no matter how it got there Nor can a player touch the ball or the 

IS IT CALLED? basket when the bali is on the ring or w ithin the cylin­ der of the basket Neither can he touch the ball during a field goal attem pt atter it has touched any part of the backboard above or below the ring level whether the ball is considered on its upward or downward flight Moreover, no defen­ sive player may trap the ball against the backboard. which occurs when the player s hand, the ball and the backboard come in contact at the same time 
A batted ball against the 

 backboard, for example, is not a trapped ball lf the violation is at the team s own basket (offen­ sive goal tending), no points can be scored and the ball is awarded out of bounds to the offended team lf the violation occurs at the opponent s basket (defen­ sive goal tending), the offended team is awarded two points 

Dr. J, Big Mac in different role 

A ticket tn a New York 
Nets game used to entitle the hokier to watc h The Doctor float through the ait with the greatest of ease. And a seat at a Philadelphia 7tier con­ test previously meant you’d see Big Mac eat opposing forwards and rip down backboards. 
So. it would stand to reason, having both of them on the same team would constitute the greatest show since B ill Veeck s midget jumped out of a cake at home plate and stepped up to bat. 
Right? 
Wrong. • 
Ju liu s E rvin g the consum er may be glad he jumped to Phila­ delphia for SHOO,(MMI annually, but 
Julius E rvin g the basketball player can’t possibly be half as satisfied. 
Because The Doctor, like Big 
Mac. isn t nearly as much of a force as he once was. Everything revolved around E rving at the 
Nassau County Coliseum , and that’n the way he worked best. He rarely disappointed the Nets or the fans. 
McGinnis is the same. F irst, with the Indiana Pacers, and last year with the Sixers, Big George was the biggest. In tunes of trou­ ble, there was little question where the ball was going. He earned that kind of heavy respon­ sibility. 
Now both of them are sim ply members of a very talented team. 
Both are trying to play a team-or­ ientated game. 
I t ’s obvious neither is altogether comfortable in th e ir re la tive ly subservient roles. 
“ Big George d id n 't play the same as he used to," said Spurs’ forward Larry Kenon. who guard­ ed McGinnis Tuesday night and played opposite Erving in New 
York. The Spurs’ 127-1 IG victory 

Parting Shots 

By Jeff Grossman 

 over Philadelphia indicated se­ veral things to K 
“ I think George was more wor­ ried about me than I was about him. Neither of them got into their personal games. Having talent is one thing, but putting it together is something else. 
“ It looked like the first person to get the hull for them(Philadelphia) just put it up.” 
No respect 
Indeed, the other Sixers showed little deference for their better publicized teammates. When Dr. 
J and Big Mac are stalking the baseline, and Lloyd Free and 
Terry Eurlow are firing 25-footers, you have to wonder about the coaching of Gene Shue. He said 
Monday meshing great talent is very hard. It’s not as hard as meshing little talent, however. 
He says defensive lapses are what worry him most. But frank­ ly, the Sixers’ scattergun offense may be hts biggest problem. Di­ scretion. after all, is the better part of basketball. 
And Erving, who has performed at his own brilliant pace through his career, hasn t found being just another millionaire easy. 
“ I think ll I could freelance more it would help." he said after the Sixers’ IHI-HK loss to the Bulls iii Chicago recently. “ The trouble is everyone knows the pattern by now. They know how to detent it. 
“ I need to create more things. 
Give and go Then nobody would know what we are going to do next.” 
After the Bulls’ triumph over the Sixers, Robert Markus, the 
Chicago Tribune’s eminent co­ lumnist, said Scott May would eventually bi* a better pro forward than Erving. Not as flashy, he explained, just more solid. 
Granted, Erving was outplayed by the Indiana Hoosier rookie that night. And granted, there was 

 probably a shred or two of NBA chauvinism behind 
M arkus' statements. 
Most obviously, however, is the fact that NBA people, seeing E rv­ ing for the first tim e, are not watching the Doctor that we saw do so many incredible tilings. 
It’s possible the Sixers’ cham­ pionship bid may be suffocated by their own opulence. And it’s more than likely that a trade, involving 
McGinnis, w ill have to be made at some time. Philadelphia isn’t big enough for the both of them. 
You’d think seeing both of them on the same team would be twice as good In fact, ifs only half as much fun as it used to be. 
Bristow lends 

Form er Chicago Bulls Coach 
Johnny Kerr says the Spurs’ Allan 
Bristow is the second-best passing forward in the NBA. The best? 
Rick Barry, who is seventh in the 
NBA with 7-3 assists per game. He trails six guards. Bristow is sixth among league forwards in assists with a little over three per game. 
He has averaged less playing; time than all five in front of him. 
Charles O. Finley, the owner who loves the limelight, had un idea once that he thought might revolutionize basketball. When 
Finley owned the Memphis Tams of the ABA, he suggested that the aging Adolph Rupp coach all the home games, and Bob Bass. Spur assistant, coach all the away games. 
Boston Celtics’ captain John 
Havlicek, who broke into the NBA in 1982. says the game has changed substantially. “ When I came into the league.” said Hav­ licek. “ there were only two guards who were 8-5, Oscar Robertson and Tom Cola.” 
Havlicek, it seems, has outlast­ ed everyone in basketball with the exception of Dr. James Naismith. 
Moe faces old friends 

S a *** 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
Of IH I tX M tm N *W $ i i A ff 
DENVER — M irror, m irror on tho wall, who is the fairest of them all, the Spurs or the* Nuggets? 
That’s the way the Spurs and Nug­ gets will feel when they meet for the first time this season at 3:35 p.m. 
CST Sunday at McNichols Arena 
Because San Antonio and Denver have matehing attacks. 
When Doug Moe came from Denver to coach the Spurs last summer, he promised a pressure attack, much like the Nuggets use. 
After a brief experimentation with a fulltim e sag defense, the Spurs have gone buck to pressure: mainly the overplay and the run and jump 
The result has been four straight victories and escalation into third place in the Central Division W itt!an 
18-18 record, three games behind the 
Houston Rockets. 
The Nuggets, led by three-time 
ABA Coach of the Year Larry Brown, lead the Midwest Division by four games over the Detroit Pistons with the NBA s best record, 23-1o, 

The Nuggets have lost but once at home. And Blat defeat was by the 
Boston Celtics, who inflicted one of only two Spur home defeats this season 
Moe is likely looking forward to seeing old friends, but he doesn't seem overly excited about playing the 
Nuggets 
“ I’m not looking forward to playing them all that much." said Moe, “ I ’d rather beat the other 2U teams than 
Denver. 
“ I don’t want to lose, certainly. But 
I want to win because any win is good, not because it s against the 
Nuggets or Larry.” 
“ The Denver people were very good to m e." 
How sim ilar w ill the teams be? 
“ There won t In* a whole lot of differences.” says Moe. who was an assistant coach to Brown for four years, two at Denver and two more ut 
Carolina. Denver and two more at 
Carolina. 
“ Our offenses w ill lie pretty much the same although they may run a few more plays. 

“ On defense, we probably change around a little more than they do, using all three styles. They’ll proba­ bly run the overplay a little mort*. 
“ Basically, though, we believe iii the same style.*’ 
Last season, contends Moe. the 
Nuggets didn't use their pressure attack as much as they had thi season before. 
“ We played the same teams sc many times, it was more difficult ti get up. and we just didn t run a> much. 
“ Since we’re the only teams thai use the firessure defense in the NBA this will Im* the first time this seasoi either team has played against it." 
Likely starters for the Nuggets wil be David Thompson and Ted McClait at guards, Dan Issei at center, anc 
Willie W ise and Bobby Jones at for wards. 
Jones, who is barely an adequah medium range shooter, leads thi 
NBA in field goal percentage with ; 
.592 mark. The reason? “ He doest)’ even need to shoot well he moves si well without the ball.” says Moe. 

Knicks ax 
Cleveland 

NEW YORK (AP) — Earl Monroe, sinking all 
IO of his field goal attempts, scored 28 points and 
Bob McAdoo added 25 to lead the New York 
Knicks’ 121-1oo victory over the Cleveland Ca- valers in a National Basketball Association game 
Saturday night. 
Soviet hockey team wins 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - 
Alexsandr Golikov assisted on the Soviet Union's first goal, then scored the go­ ahead goal late in the se­ cond period Saturday night as the touring Russian na­ tional hockey team defeat­ ed the World Hockey Asso- c ia tio n 's 
Indianapolis 
Racers, 5-2. 
The victory was the third in four games during the 
Russians’ eight-game tour of WHA cities. 
The Soviets jumped to a 
2-o lead on goals by Alek­ sandr Maltsev and Valeri 
Kharlamov in a 57-second span early in the second period. 
Indianapolis tied the game midway through that period when Hugh Harris and Ken Block scored within 54 seconds. But Go­ likov put the Soviets ahead to stay twh minutes later, following a scram ble in front of the Racers' net. 
The R ussians put, the game out of reach in the third period with goals by 
Yuri Liapkin and Helmut 
Balderis. 
Indianapolis had two l»owerplay opportunities in the final period, but could not score on goalie Alek­ sandr Sidelnikox 

It was the third straight triumph and eighth in the last IO gam es for the 
Knicks, who have moved to w ithin one-half gam e of first place Philadelphia in the Atlantic Division. The loss was C leveland’s se ­ venth straight on the road. 

The Knicks took the lead to stay on a 2o-foot jumper from the left side by 
Monroe which snapped a 
24-24 tie in the final minute of the first quarter. 

They broke it open with a 
35-point second period, hit­ ting 14 of 21 field goal tries to establish a 63-48 halftime lead. McAdoo had 14 points in the period. 

Monroe scored 13 points in the third quarter as the 
Knicks continued their hot shooting connecting on 14 of 
2o from the field to stretch the lead to 97-78. Cleveland could come no closer than ll pbints in the fourth quarter. 

Tom McMillen added 17 points for the Knicks and 
Lonnie Shelton had 14. For 
Cleveland, Jim ('hones had 
21 points and Jim dem ons 
Jad 18. r 

C L E V E L A N D ( M O G 
Braw er 4 
2 2 IO, Russell 5 7 I I?, C lo n e s 9 3 6 
?l. Corr 4 I a 9, C leninons 8 2 2 18, 
Snyder 6 O O 12. Smith 6 12 13, Thur­ mond 2 2 2 6, Garrett 21 15 , Lam bert 
I O O 2, W illiam s I O O 2. Totals 48 14 19 f O R len 6 5-5 12, M cM illion 4 o-o o, Shelton 
I 2 o I 14. F ra se r 4 o 2 8, Monroe IO 8-9 
I 28. M cAdoo 9 2-1o 25, Hayw ood 4 o-o 8, i Bradley o I I I, Beard 2 4 5 8, Jack 
I sen o o o o. Layton I o o 2, Burden I 
* o13 2 Totals 48 25-36 121. 

Cleveland 
24 24 3o 32— MO 
.New York 
28 3 5 34 24— 121 
F o u le d out — C a r r . 
T o ta l 
Bouts 
C leveland 3o, N ew Y o rk 2o 
|Tecnnicai— Russell. A — iv,694 

Express-News 
San Antonio’s Classified 
Leader by Over 
2,193,ooo Lines in 1975 
225- 1:666 

Buffs fall 

State's scoring. 
The Buckeyes, 9-2-1, surged into the lead on a 99-yard drive shortly before halftime and dominated'play from the second quarter on with a ball-control attack. 
Colorado, which jumped to a quick 
1o-o lead on M ark Z e tte rb e rg 's 
26-yard field goal and Emery Moore- head's ll-yard scoring catch from 
Jeff Knapple, got good field position only once in the second half when it recovered a fumble at the Buckeye 
26. 
That was erased two plays later when Tom Cousineau intercepted a pass with ll minutes left in the third quarter and the Buffaloes, 8-4, never threatened again. 
Streak 
The victory snapped a fourgame losing streak in bowls for Big Ten teams, and the defeat for Big Eight tri-champion Colorado was the first in four bowls for the Big Eight Con­ ference. 
Gerald finished with 81 yards in 14 carries. 
The Buckeyes probably could have turned the game into more of a rout but missed on several scoring oppor­ tunities in the second half, taking over five times from near midfield or closer and producing only IO points. 
Trouble 
Senior quarterback Jim Pacenta had trouble getting the Buckeyes un- 
1 racked despite two long kickoff re­ turns in the opening minutes of the game, 39 yards by Matt Jackson and 
49 yards by Logan. 
It was a fumble by Pacenta that set up Colorado’s first score, the 26-yard field goal by Zetterberg. With Pa­ centa a ttem p tin g to p ass, M ark 
Haynes knocked the ball from his hands and Randy W estendorf reco­ vered on the Ohio State 43. 
The Buffalo touchdown drive co­ vered 8o yards and featured a 2o-yard pass from Knapple to Moorehead and a 4o-yard reverse by Billy Waddy. 
Ohio State’s 99-yard scoring drive came in the final six minute's of the half and turned the gam e around, giving the Buckeyes a 17-1o halftime advantage. 
Tackle -Nick jjuonam ici was cre­ dited with blocking Zetterberg's field goal attempt that went out of bounds on the one. 
Colorado appeared to have stopped the Buckeyes’ inside the IO, but a piling-on infraction gave Ohio State a first down at the 23 Gerald kept the drive on the ground, reaching the 
Colorado 35 where he quickly sprint­ ed 17 yards on a pass-option and I lien hit Jim Harrell on a 15-yard pass to the th ree, se ttin g up Jo h n so n 's touchdown run with only 24 seconds left in the half. 
Gerald also connected with Harrell on a 44-yard pass to the four in the third quarter, setting up Skladany's second field goal. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Jcnuotx 2 1977 
H 

Hayes hard on R ockets 

LANDOVER, Md. (Alo - Elvin Hayes scored l l of his game-high 32 points in the fourth quarter Saturday night to spark the Washington 
Bullets to a 1o4-89 National Basketball Associa­ tion victory over the Houston Rockets. 

W IN G B A C K Billy W addy takes off 

AP WIREPHOTO 

Braves romp by Nets 

BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) - 
Adrian Dantley scored 23 of his 3o points in the second half, powering the Buffalo 
Braves to a 1o2-87 National 
B asketball 
A ssociation victory over the New York 
Nets Saturday night 
D antley hit IO of the 
Braves' first 19 points in the third quarter as Buffalo moved from a 4*2-41 half - time deficit to a 62-48 lead 
E arly iii the fourth quarter, he scored eight of the Braves' first IO points as they went from a 73-63 advanatagc to 83H9. The rookie from Noire Dame hit ll of his 13 field goal al­ tern pts. 
Buffalo hit its first ll shots of the game to take a 
23-1o lead. The Braves had a red-hot first q u a rte r, shooting 76 per cent on 13 of 
17 shots Bul they had a poor second quarter, shoot­ ing only 26 per cent and scoring just 13 points as they lost the lead 
John Shumate of Buffalo had 24 points and 16 re­ bounds. Randy Smith laid 
21 points and 
E rnie 
DiGregorio had 12 assists for the Braves. 

N E W YORK N ETS (82) 
V an 
Breda Kolft 3 o o 6, B o le t i 2 oo 4. 
H u g h e * I o-o 2, A rchibald * OO 12, 
William son 6 2 2 14. Skinner 6 I I 11 
C h u ck 3 er rv 3 o o 6, F o x 2 o o 4 
Jones 2 2 2 6, H aw kins 8 o o In. Lave 2 
o o 4 I dials 42 5 7 8/ 
B U F F A L O (IO?): 
Dan,lev 11 H 12 
JO, Glanelli 4 o o 8, Shumuti' v 6 7 24, 
DiGreoorio 7 o-o 14, Smith IO 14 JI, 
A dam * o o o o. G e rard o 2 2 2 Ab do) A f/ir o 14 3, W illiam * o o o o, 
Foster OOO o, Claude TerrsAO OO o totals 41 2o 29 1o2 
* 
New York m JI l f 24— 87 
Buffalo 
78 13 32 29-1o2 o u t— N o n e 
T o tal 
York 
23, 
Buffalo 
IS 

IO 
o 
o 
o — 1o 
7 IO 
3 
7 — 27 
Colorado 
Ohio State 
Colo— F G Zetterbera 26 
C o lo — M o o r e h e a d l l d o s s fro m K n o o p le 
(Zetterberg kick I 

U SU — Logon J6 run (Skladany kick) 
O S U — P G Skladany 28 
O S U — Johnson 3 run (Sklad any kick I 
O S U — F O Skladany 2o 
O S U — Gerald 4 run (Skladany kick) 
A — 65,532 
Colorado Ollie State 
First downs 
IJ 
21 
Rushes-yards 
4o-134 71-271 
P assin g yard s 
137 
S9 
Return yards 
5 
39 
Passes 
8 23 2 
2 7 o 
Punts 
7-35 
3-42 
Pum bles lost t o 
4 4 
Penalties yard s 
8-6o 
4-37 
IN D IV ID U A L L E A D E P S 
R U S H IN G — C o lo ra d o , Reed 22-58, Kelteh er 
11-26, W addy I 4o O hio Stale, S p r in g s 23 98, 
Gerald 14 81 L o g a n u 8o. 
R E C E IV IN G 
Colorado, gm oorhead 4 68 Reed 
2-51, Hasseibeck 2 18 Ohio State, H a rre ll 2 59. 
P A S S IN G — Colat ado, Knapple 8-22 2, 137 yards. 
Ohio State. G erald 2 6 o, 59. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

F o u le d louis — New 
A - 2,587 

The Bullets bruke open a close gam e in the final period, scoring IO consecu­ tive points to build an 8o-75 lead into a comfortable ad­ vantage with 7:54 left to play. 
Mitch Kupchak, the Bul­ le ts’ first-round draft choice from North Carolin* a. cam e off the bench to score 14 points in the se- cond q u a rte r and finish with 21. 
By out rebounding the 
Rockets 17-4 in the second quartet*, the B ullets in ­ creased a 27-25 edge to 56-43 at halftim e. But Rudy 
Tom janovieh led a third- quarter surge that brought 
Houston to within 78-73 al the end of the period. 
Turnjanovieh scored 16 points in the third quarter and wound up with 25 to pace the Rockets. 
H O U * I O n (89): 
Johnson 3 o-o 6 
Tomlonovlch It 3 3 25, M alone o 14 1, 
I UCO* 8 .1 I 19, M u rp h y 4 6 7 14, 
Newlin 5 2 2 12, Ratted I OO 4, Run nert 3 O o 6, Owens I (FO 2, Jones o OO 
(I While o (FO o I Dials 37 15 19 8V 
W A S H IN G I OH (184): 
H ayes l l 
6 6 32, Robinson 5 17 ll. unsew 2oo 
4 B in g 7 3 4 17, Chenier 4 3 I ll, 
W tigh) 2 o o 4, Kupr hok 6 « 9 71, G ray 
o (FO o, W eiss 7 O O 4, Greyev o OO o 
Totals 41 22 24 1o4 
Houston to 18 Mi I t — 8« 
W ashington 
27 it JI 2* -IO* 
T o o le d out — N o n e t o t a l fouls 
Houston 24, W ash in gton 19 te ih n n a l 
W ashington Coat h M ot to A — 9,26o 
Blues prevail 
ST. 
LOUIS 
(A P) 
- 
( laude Larose and Ti 
Ir­ vine scored goals in the opening th ree m in u tes, helping the St. Louis Blues topple the Minnesota North 
Stars 3-1 in the National 
Hockey League Saturday night. 

I ii|)ir<* honored 

ST. LOUIS (A P) - 
Former American League um piring supervisor ('al 
Hubbard will he honored 
Jam 24 by St. Iriiuis base­ ball writers for excellence 

 i i i officiating. 

Cotton money 

DALLAS (AP) * Houston beal 
Maryland 3o-21 in the Cotton Bowl 
Saturday, but neither the Terrapins nor the Cougars left Dallas empty handed. 
Both teams received approximate­ ly 195o,ooo from the nationally tele­ vised contest. Another $2oo,ooo, the 
Cotton Bowl Assoeiation’s net profit. 

 for goes to the Southwest Conference distribution to its members. 
Cotton Bowl Association officials said only the Rose Bowl continues to pay more money to college athletic departments than the Dallas game. 
The Cotton Bowl will pay about 
$1IN1.<HH1 more than the Orange Bowl, they said. 

S H O P T O D A Y ,S U N D A Y , NOON TO 5 

727 N.W. LOOP 41o 

I TODAY ONLY I TODAY ONLY 
TODAY ONLY 
TODAY ONLY 
TODAY ONLY 
TODAY ONLY I 

ADIDAS VIENNA 
ATHLETIC SHOES 

Genuine leather uppers with 
Achilles heel and ankle padding. 
White with three red stripes. 

Rey. 19.5o 
12.99 

GRAPHITE 
FISHING ROD 

5 1/21 C astin g M odel 

Reg. 55.oo 
39.99 

AM-FM MULTIPLEX 
STEREO WITH 
8-TRACK STEREO 
TAPE PLAYER AND 
MATCHING 
SPEAKERS 

Reg. 79 95 
49.99 

PRO LINE 
GOLF BALLS 

Your Choice of those Balls 
We Have in Stock. 

8.99 Doz. 
•Limit 1 Doz. per customer. 

GARCIA 55ooC 
AM BASSADEUR 
REEL 

Ball Bearings for smooth casts and b to 1 gear ratio for last retrieves. 
39.99 

WINCHESTER 19o 
.22 AUTOMATIC 
RIFLE 

Wtih 4 Power Weaver Rifle 
Scope 

Reg. 55.9o 
39.99 
THESE BIG REDUCTIONS GOOD TODAY THRU SATURDAY 

MEN’S JACKETS 

Pile lined jackets in nylon, corduroy or wool plaid. 
Rug. 25,oo to 65.oo 
18.99.. 48.99 

KNIT SHIRTS 
L O N G SLEEVE 
Poly /Cotton Blend in solids 
& multi-colored stripes. 
Reg. 13,oo to 17.oo 
9.99.. 12.99 

MEN S SLACKS 

Famous brand slacks in woven or knit polyester 
Req. 16.oo to 32.5o 
12.99 .. 24.99 

JACKETS 
Leather Look 
Polyurethane 
Style in Pile lined or unlined models. 
Sale Price 
13.99.o 24.99 

GOLF SHOES 
ASSORTED MEN S A N D LADIES 

 large color variety. 

Reg. 19.95 
14.99,. 13.99 

AM-FM DIGITAL 
CLOCK RADIO 

Reg. 34,95 
24.99 

(Intermediate Markdown Taken) 
AJAY SIGNATURE 

G O L F SET 
8 Irons and 3 woods 
Rug. 11o.oo 
89.99 

TENNIS RACKETS 
WILSON STAN SMITH OR CHRIST IV6RT 
“ACE Model” 

Nylon strung 
Reg, 17.99 
13.99 

JERSEYS 
M EN S AND BO YS’ N YLO N MESH 
FOOTBALL OR ATHLETIC 
Some complete with numbers. 
Reg. 3.95 
1.99 

LADIES’ COATS 
ALL W E A T H E R 

Variety of style*, colors, and fabrics. 
Reg. 55.oo to 7o OO 
27.49..49.49 

JUMPSUITS 
FAM O US BRAND P O P L IN 
SHORT SLEEVE 
Permo Press, 6 5 % polyester, 3 5% cotton. 
Reg. 23.95 
18.99 

MEN S HUNTING 
COATS, PANTS AND 
VESTS 
Entire regular stock included. 
25% off 

CARDIGANS & 
PULLOVERS 
LADIES SWEATERS AND WRAPS 
Short, or long sleeves. 
Reg 19.oo to 38.oo 
13.99.. 28.49 

MEN S FAMOUS BRAND TENNIS WEAR 
Shirts 
7.99 
9.99 
Shorts 
7.29 r " 8.99 

MENS IVE I DENIM BEU BOTTOM fefl *5 OO 
JEANS 
12.99 

MEN’S LEVI SHERPA PILE LEVIED DENIM bg WM 
JACKETS 
23.99 

BACK PACKERS 
ALL N Y LO N 
T W O -M A N TENT 
Reg. 24.99 
19.99 

BROWNING 
AUTOMATIC 
LIGHTWEIGHT 5 
Shotgun V R Barrel 2o ga. 
Saie Price 
359.99 

TACKLE BOXES 
UMCO 
One, two, or three tray general purpose 
Reg. 4.49 to 6.99 
2.69 ,.5.69 

O 
S 
H 
M 
A 
N 
S 
SHOP TUSS., WSO., FRI. A SAT. 1o o.m.-6 pjm. MONDAY A THURSDAY TIL 9 p. 
O 
S 
H 
M 
A 
W 
S 

•• t; 

■; 
‘ 
T 
I v ^ 
' ' 
, 
< 
, „ 

VALUABLE PHOTO COUPON 
JUMBO COLOR PRINTS 
PRINTED & DEVELOPED 
PRINTED & DEVELOPED FROM 
YOUR FAVORITE KODACOLOR, G.A.F., 
OR FU JI FILM. 
NO FOREIGN OR CHROME FILM 
12 EXP. ROLL 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: JANUARY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

VALUABLE PHOTO COUPON 
JUMBO COLOR PRINTS 
PRINTED & DEVELOPED-—- rA1 
PRINTED & DEVELOPED FROM 
| A 
1 
111 
YOUR FAVORITE KODACOLOR, G.A.F., 
M 
■ ■ IM I 
OR FUJI FILM. 

NO FOREIGN OR CHROME FILM 
2o EXP. ROLL 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: JANUARY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

 ft •v'k. ' r jS* # 4 • iMfv 
• ‘J g p n c 
■ 
. ■ 
■ ■ • i n n h i 
I i 

VALUABLE PHOTO COUPON 
BLACK & WHITE FILM PROCESSING 

BLACK & WHITE ROLL FILM 
PROCESSED 

A NEW YEAR SPECIAL! 
ROLL 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: JANUARY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

VALUABLE PHOTO COUPON 
BLACK & WHITE PRINTS 
JUMBO BLACK & WHITE 
PRINTS 
FROM YOUR FAVORITE BLACK & 
WHITE NEGATIVES. 
EA. 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: JANUARY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

VALUABLE PHOTO COUPON 
SLIDE FILM DEVELOPED 
CHROME SLIDE FILM 
PROCCESSING 

NO FOREIGN FILM 
2o EXP. ROLL 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: JANUARY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

VALUABLE PHOTO COUPON 
8 MM OR SUPER 8 MOVIE 
FILM DEVELOPED 

BRING IN YOUR HOLIDAY MOVIES 
FOR FAST EFFICIENT PROCESSING! 

NO FOREIGN FILM 

PRICES EFFECTIVE: JANUARY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1977 

PEN 24 m ' m u jM I in m r o m 
I684-M37 

T BAYS a u M m r 
A WSM 

656-422o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January-2 1977 
It’s the biggie of the biggies 

FRED BILETNIKOFF o f O akland will be one of the main threats in the Super Bowl when the 
Raiders tackle M innesota. — A P W irephoto 

LOS AN GELES (A P) ~ 
One hundred thousand screaming fans, seven exit gates, two teams ... and one football. 
It’s Hooray for Hollywood time, even if the movie capital is a few miles from 
Pasadena. The National 
Football League’s annual answer to “ The Ten Com­ mandments” and “ King 
Kong” is nearly upon us. 
It is the era of the cel­ luloid devastation of two pro football games, namely in “ Two-Minute Warning” and “ Black Sunday.” Thus, it is fitting that Southern 
California, home of MGM, 
Paramount, Warner Bros, and the rest of tinseltown’s fantasies, should also be the host of Super Bowl XI. the cataclysmic clash of pro football’s behemoths for the championship of the entire world 
The setting: The Rose 
Bowl, the scene every New- 
Year’s Day of the oldest (rf college football’s post-sea­ son games. 
The cast: The great, the near-great and the assem­ bled masses occupying the stadium s 1o4.699 seats; the 
86 players wearing the colors of the National Con­ ference Minnesota Vikings and American Conference 
Oakland Raiders; the thou­ sands of sports writers, television commentators, celebrities, sponsors, friends of the family and hangers-on. 
The plot: To win the 
Vince Lombardi Trophy, the sterling silver mon­ ument to football su­ premacy and all that is good and pure. 
Nowhere in the United 
States—not in the nation’s baseball havens at World 
Series time, not even in the nation s capital at inaugur­ ation time— does pomp and pageantry run so rampant as during the week dedicated to the annual pil- gimage to the feet of Alvin 
Peter Rozelle. 
The game itself, of course, always seems to be lost in the plethora of ver­ biage. In the near-hyster­ ical buildup of mere mor­ tals into demigods with the qualities of Mercury, Apol­ lo, Jupiter and Zeus. In the equally hysterical buildup of a simple football game which makes Guadalcanal look like a pillow fight. 
It attracts quite a follow­ ing, this multi media hap­ pening. From the neigh­ borhoods by the carload, from Las Vegas by the 

 busload and from the rest of the country' by the plan­ eload, the big-money men and the women they pamper roll into Super 
Bowl cities—the winding caverns of New Orleans’ 
French Quarter, the sun­ bathed expanse of Miami’s beaches, the pastel-colored, smog-choked sprawl of 
Southern California. 
And oh, those fans! They come wearing patches and bandannas and carrying swords, swashbuckling their way down from Oak­ land, or wearing horned helmets and toting spears, bellowing in from the frozen tundra of Min­ neapolis^. 
Paul and environs. 
In recent years they have worn construction workers’ helmets to glorify Pitts­ burgh, they have peered out from massive sunglasses signifying Miami, they have worn the Cowboy hats and horseshoes of Dallas and Baltimore. 
And traditionally, they have run amuck in the days and hours before the big event, winking their way into frenzies of frivolity and ultimately into friendly 

 neighborhood jails for some cooling off. , 
The game itself is a sim­ ple 6o minutes of football. It has not always been the best football. It has rarely been the most exciting football. But for those HO minutes, it is the most im­ portant, most viewed foot­ ball. 

Either live or via film or tape, the beam carrying the game sweeps across North 
America and swoops through the Panama Canal to 
Europe, the 
South 
Pacific and into Southeast 
Asia to m ilitary bases. 
There, men in very differ­ ent uniforms, men who know the real meaning of survival, sudden-death and the like, watch or listen as a few dozen men play a child’s game. 

And when it is all over, assuming no one tries to leave an airplane or a 
24-story ape at the 5o-vard line. everyone goes home—the winners and losers richer financially and emotionally by varying degrees for having played this homage to upheaval. 
And the world goes on. 

STARTING 
MONDAY. 
SPIDER-MAN 
JOINS OUR COMIC 
FAMILY IN 
THE NEWS 

DON T MISS HIS 
ACTION-PACKED ADVENTURES 
STARTING TOMORROW IN 
THE NEWS 
* 
AND STARTING NEXT SUNDAY IN OUR COLORFUL 
SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS COMIC PAGESI 

San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S— Sunday January 2 1977 
Best players 
' in Bluebonnet 

Chuck Malito of Nebraska shakes hands with Tech’s Rodney Allison after Friday’s Bluebonnet game. M a­ lito was the top defensive lineman and Allison was voted outstanding offensive player. — AP Wirephoto 

Victory thrills Nebraska 

HOUSTON (Af’ ) — Talkative quarterback Vince Ferra- gamo, silent running back Richard Berns and a corps of big-play artists helped 13th ranked Nebraska erase some sad memories with a 27-24 Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl victory over Texas Tech. 
“ This game followed the same line of some of the others we lost this year.” Ferragamo said after he twice capitalized on big plays by teammates to pull the 
Cornhuskers from iO-point deficits to victory Friday night. 
“ That's why it feels so good to win one like this now,” 
Ferragamo added, speaking of the frustration he and his mates had felt through an up and down 9-3-1 season. 
“ This team played with a1) kinds of adversity. Unfor­ tunately, We had a couple of bad plays (in the regular season) or we’d be No. I right now. It’s great to go out like this.” 
After being ranked No. I in the nation in the pre-season, the Cornhuskers watched the big play become their enemy, losing to Missouri on a desperation 98-yard touchdown pass-run play and then falling to Oklahoma in the final 38 seconds. 
The loss to the Sooners dropped the Cornhuskers out of the Orange Bowl and made them wonder what they’d have 

 to do to get the big plays working for them. 
They found out against the Raiders, beginning in tilt1 second quarter. Trailing 17-7, Nebraska got its first break when Raider defensive end Harold Buell received a 
15-yard penalty for spiking the ball after narrowly missing an interception. 
That kept a Cornhusker drive alive and allowed 
Nebraska to go in with a 17-14 halftime deficit. A 49-yard halfback pass and partially blocked punt set up the winning 14-yard surge. 
Berns, a sophomore from Wichita Falls, Tex., was thrust into the starting tailback position when Monte 
Anthony suffered a season-ending wrist injury. 
Berns, shy and unaccustomed to the limelight, re­ sponded with 118 yards on 27 carries against the Red 
Raiders. 

Tech quarterly k Rodney Allison, earned the game’s 
Most Valuable Back honor after rushing 89 yards on 14 carries and hitting 15 of 23 passes for 193 yards and two touchdowns. 

The award was little consolation. “ I'd rather have won the game,” he said. 
Good News* San Antonio! 

Enjoy The Benefits of True 
Radial Construction.. .Choose 
78-Series Or Wide Treads 

AR78-13 whitewall plus $1 84 
F.E.T. and old tire 

Polyglas' Radial 

True Radial construction with double fiberglass belts and two- ply polyester cord body 

W H IT EW A LL 7 8 -S E R IE S 
W H IT EW A LL W ID E T R E A D S 

Our Low 
Price 
Whitewall 
Site 
Our Low 
Price 
BR78-13 
AR78-13 
DR 7o 14 
FR78-14 
GR7o-14 
GR78-15 
HR7o-14 
HR78-15 
GR7o-15 
LR78-15 
HR7o-15 

More Good News...Goodyear Dependability At Everyday Low Prices 

All-Weather Bias-Ply 
Polyglas Double-Belted 

'Cushion 
Belt 
Polyglas' 
POLYESTER 
CORD BODY 

B78-13 blackwal! plus $1.8o F.E T and old tire 

A78-13 blackwail plus $1.73 F.E.T. and old tire 

Our Low 
Price 
Our Low 
Price 

F78-14 
WHITEWALLS 
$3.5o 
MORE 
E78-14 

W H ITEW ALLS 13.oo M O R E 

Camper Van 
Pickup, Panel 

“Rib Hi-Miler” 

For top mileage per dollar thanks to the sturdy 5-rib tread, bruise-resisting nylon cord body 

Meet America’s 
Best Selling 
Whitewall Tire 
Custom Power Cushion 
Polyglas 

Adependable, smooth-riding belted tire 

Load Range 
A Type 
Our Low 
Price 
Our Low 
Price 

A78-13 
D78-14 

o78-14 

G78-15 

H78-15 

Lube & Oil Change 
Front-End Alignment 
Engine Tune-Up 
DRIVE IN 
THIS WEEK FOR 
HASSLE-FREE 
AUTO SERVICE 

Any U .6 nu car - parte en ira ii Artei 

Up to 5 qts ot major brand 
1o/3o grade oil 

6 ryl 
A d d 14 tor « cyt 
^ ^ B ^ 
I ? tor air cond 

• Our mechanics electronically (ine-tunu your e n ­ g in e • New points plugs and condenser • Test charging/starting systems, adjust carburetor . 
Helps maintain a sm ooth runm g engine • In­ cludes Datsun Toyota VW and light trucks 

I G 
B B 
E xclu d e s tront-wheel drive 
BB BB cars 

• Complete analysis and alignm ent correction to increase mileage and improve steering • Test 
Precision equipment, used by experienced m e­ chanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 

• Complete chassis lubrication and oil change • 
Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance • Please phone tor appointment . 
Includes light trucks 

Ask tor our Free Battery Power Chack 

SERVICE OFFERS ABOVE AVAILABLE ONLY AT G O O D Y EAR SERVICE STORES 
8 Ways To Buy 

• Cash 
• Goodyear Revolving Charge 
• Our Own Customer Credit Plan 
• Master Charge • BankAmericard 
• American Express Money Card 
• Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

See Your Independent Dealer For Hie Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores. 
G O O D Y E A R SERVICE STORFS O pe n M o n ., W ed., Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5:3o Tues , 9 to 5:3o Sot. 8 to 5 

D O W N TO W N 
816 S. St. M a ry ’s 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
1318 Austin H ighw ay 
824-o2o8 

NORTH STAR 
226 Rector 344-9786 

(Aero** from N. Star Mall) 

NORTH 
47o2 San Pedro 
824-2371 

D O W N TO W N 
4o1 N. A lam o 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
656-3111 

---------- ---- ----------- --- “ 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
6 2 5 -2 3 2 3 
KERRVILLE 
2 5 7 -8 4 8 4 

NORTHWEST 
3566 Fredsbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
1811 W est Commerce 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W. M ilitary 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
3o3o East Commerce 
225-7266 

NORTHWEST 
1498 Hillcrest 
4 3 4 -3 1 o 6 

FREDERICKSBURG 
997-7556 
SEGUIN 
379-228o 

G O O D Y EA R INDEPENDENT DEALERS 
BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
BAU M AN TIRE 
ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
Devine, Texas 
22o1 Cincinnati 
119 W . O ak la w n Hw y. 97 W est 
663-57o6 
735-5351 
Pleasanton, Texas 569-3484 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, IN C. 
829 Pat Booker Road 
Universal City, Tx. 658-4771 i 

•-—“ "■-("ti—r y r r i 
.' W j W l ^ r j iiU BiM iiw I P 1’ 1' r r t .' 
" ' t nrwrp v 
Mixed bag 

Jesse Adami of Freer bagged this I 6 8 -pound wild boar in the brush of South Texas. The big hog has tusks 7V2 inches in length. 

H. W . Lowe of Bruni killed this I 4-point trophy buck in 
W ebb 
County. 
The deer had an antler spread of 2 o inches and field dressed 
I 6 8 V2 pounds. 

Sunday January 2 1977 

Greenwalt and wolves 

H .G . (Red) Ewald of Karnes City was hunting deer in W ebb County when he saw and shot this 
6-foot 8-inch, 118-pound mountain lion as it was chasing a doe through the brush. 

WASHINGTON - One of the best statements of re­ cent vintage on the way w ildlife management should work came from 
Lynn A. Greenwalt, direc­ tor of the U.S. Fish and 
Wildlife Service. 
Greenwalt was speaking to a House Subcommittee in opposition to bills that would have put a morator­ ium on the taking of wolves, the Wildlife Man­ agement Institute reports. 
The bills were spawned when the Alaska Depart­ ment of Fish and Game re­ duced the wolf population on Tanana Flats south of 
Fairbanks to ease preda­ tion on moose. Greenwalt noted th^t both moose and caribou numbers are down in Alaska. He said complex factors in different loca­ tions have combined to bring that about. 
Why did wildlife managers make the tough decision to reduce wolf numbers in the area? 
Greenwalt explained. 
“ At the same time moose and caribou numbers are declining, wolf populations are thriving. Prey wea­ kened by severe winter weather or malnutrition can fall easily to wolves. 
The predators then enjoy good nutrition, increased reproduction and higher survival. 

 tually becomes scarce enough that the cycle re­ verses itself. The same nu­ tritional deficiencies that reduced moose herds begin to operate on the predator. 
“ Poor nutrition results in decreased vitality, smaller 
'litters and reduced survival of young wolves. There is increased competition between wolf packs, and in extreme cases wolves begin to kill each other. While the 
Alaska wolf situation has not yet reached this level, if it is left to nature alone, we can predict a decline in wolf populations. 
“ The way to increase the wolf population is to in ­ crease its food base. Pro­ tecting wolves will do just the opposite when their prey — their food base — is low. Artifically reducing wolf populations will help a depleted prey herd begin to rebuild. 
• “ When it has reestablished itself at the carrying capacity of its ha­ bitat, it will then produce a surplus annual crop that can be harvested by both, humans and now-increased wolf population. 
“ If nature is allowed to take its course, the prey 
.herds will probably decline to very low numbers before the wolf population drops, but it will eventually drop. 
“ The net result would be 
“ With their numbers un-* fewer prey — and fewer usually high and prey herds wolves — for a longer per- abnormally low, a disaster iod than if w ildlife for both wolves and prey is managers arc allowed to in the making. Prey even- intervene.” 
Classic tangles can be erased 

Carl Miller of Port Aransas bagged this nice wild gobbler north of Sabinal in Uvalde County. 

Javior Morales of Freer killed this heavy buck in the Duval County area. It field dressed 181 pounds, had eight points and an 18-inch antler spread. 
Sport, Boat Show due Jan. 26 

When people spend $2.5 billion on a recreational sport it has to be labeled one of America's most po­ pular. 

According to the boating industry, that is approxi­ mately what people spent on new boats and boating 

 equipment durmj 
1975-76 model year the 

San Antonians will get a good opportunity to see what all the interest is about at the 1977 San An­ tonio Sport and Boat Show dan 26-3o at tin' Convention 
Center. 

The show, now in its 21st year, will contain a record number of new 1977 boats of all sizes and descriptions. 
Everything from the large offshore boats to canoes and rowboats 

The boat show is always a good place to see all the 

 new models in outboard and mboard/outboard lines, and all the motor companies will be repre­ sented say officials of the sponsoring organization, 
Boating Trades of San An­ tonio. 

Also on display will be 

 the very latest in ma. rme accessories and equipment. 
Fishing goes hand in hand with boats, and fi­ shermen will have plenty in store for them at the show. 
Over I,(HW) feet of fishing tackle exhibits, direct from the manufacturer, will be staffed with experts. 
Metric system packs a punch 

Visitors to the show will have an opportunity to get first-hand information on southern travel. Exhibits from states, chambers of commerce , resorts, mar­ inas and campgrounds will be exhibiting at the show. 
Other activities during the show will be the city­ wide pool tournament, the trout fishing tank, a fishing film theatre and fishing clinics. 

While casting with spin­ ning gear almost guar­ antees freedom from bird- nests and line snarls, some conditions can produce classic tangles. In most cases these involve loops of line as they either balloon or plop off the fixed spool on the reel. 
Loop problems usually result from one of three si­ tuations: 
1. Line filled too close to the lip of the spool can cause several loops of line to come off simultaneously as you cast. They tangle and jam in one of the rod guides. 
Check spooling instruc­ tions for the reel. Normally the spool should not be filled beyond an eighth to a quarter of an inch of the lip. 
2. Unless moderate ten­ 

 sion is applied to the line when filling the reel it may be too loosely wound and loops will entangle as they come off the spool. 
Loose coils on the reel often show up in the form of small loops of line which extend beyond the surface of the reel fill. A long cast downwind or paying the line out into a current will free these coils so the line can be rewound properly. 
3. In rare cases, the dia­ meter of the reel spool causes loops to flow off that are too large to pass through the first guide on the rod. 
Line spirals will either slap the guide, cutting casting distance, or pile up causing a great snazzle. 
Answer to this problem is either a sm aller reel or larger guides on the rod. 

Brace yourself for the kick when U.S. calibers are converted to the metric system. It ’s bad enough now with some cartridges named for people, others for bore diameters and still others grouped under a general classification. But it may become even more confusing when the nation switches to the metric sys­ tem. 
Now, there are only a handful of official metric conversions for any Yankee cartridge. Recently, this became clear when the of­ ficial designator, Sports 
Arms and Ammunition 
Manufacture’s Institute, released the official list of 
U S. cartridges, noting that in most instances they do not have a metric equiva­ lent. 
The first figure in a me­ tric cartridge is the caliber, the second is the length of 

 the case. For example, as in a well-known cartridge in this country, the 7 x 57 
Mauser is a 7mm caliber in a case of 57mm’s in length 
The letter “ R ” is tacked on the end if it happens to be a rimmed case. In addi­ tion. the name of the man­ ufacturer or the cartridge designer may In* added. 
The few rifles that may have officially converted are the 7 x 57 Mauser, 6 5 
Mannlicher Schoenauer and this country’s so-called 
Hmm Mauser, which is the 
European 8 x 57 .IS. 
None of this country’s big 
,3os have been officially converted to metric, alth­ ough some are used under metric designation and so loaded overseas For ex­ ample, the .3o-o6 is the 
European 7.62 x 63 It isn t recognized by SAAM1 or its worldwide counterpart, the 
International ( omimssio 

 for Proofing of Portable 
Firearms. 
Officially, there are no metric equivalents for our current rimfire. That in­ cludes some pretty old slugs still on the books, such as the .25 Stevens 
Short. The nearest thing to 
European is the 5mm Re­ mington. However, it s not true metric conversion since case length is not in­ cluded in the title. 
Only four pistol car­ tridges have metric desig­ nation. These are: the .25 

Automatic, which is the 
6.35 Browning; the .3o 
Luger which is the 7.65 
Luger overseas; the .32 Au­ tomatic, otherwise the 7.65 
Browning; and the .38(1 Au­ tomatic, also termed the 
9mm Browning Short. 

There should not be as much confusion in shot shells, since the method of determining bore diameter or gauge is accepted every­ where. 
Eventually, shell case length will be mea­ sured in millimeters rather than the current inches and 

 fractions. 

The most popular 2 3/4 inches is 7omm, no matter the gauge. The big three- inch shells are 75mm, the 3 l/2-ineh 1o-gauge is 89mm and the little 2 1/2-inch .41o is 65mm. 

Sooner or later, this country is going to switch completely to metrics in which figures are easy to add, subtract and multiply. 
It behooves the shooter to start learning so the tran- sistion won’t be so hard. 

A n u « m o jgjjfm,. 
JA 
JpRHRRRf^^Aur o/uomti c i s tim 

^/v o o lco 

 mf y 

AH 
TIRE 

I auto u n iv I 
CHKM 

$ 
A 
J B 
SIZE 
F 
FOR 
9 
o 
S S W 
ONLY $24 SO SACH 
A•FOR 
I OB Hi: Iii 
ONLY $27 OO CACH 
A 
S S f (Bl 
SIZE 
F C T 
> FOR 
I R O R S ”2 
OFAY $29 SO SACH 
4 
• I O O 
FOR 
I L 
O r III 
CHAY $32.oo SACH 
3 ,4 

A ll SIZES FLUS F I T. EACH A Q ID THEE 

SPECIAL BUY OM flU RO LASS 
BIL TED POLY (STEP CORD TIRES 

TEXAS C H A M PIO N SH IP 
TRACTOR PULL 

JOI FREEMAN COLISEUM • JAN. 7 - 8 - 9 

See: it 
Jct propelled tractor 

 it 
16o Super Stock and Modified Tractors contesting for $12,ooo in Prize money. 

 it Texas Futurity: $1o,ooo added purse 

ROAD CHALLENOR! 
HEAVY DUTY SHOCKS 
FRONT END ALIGNMENT 

1 
8 
8 8 
FOR 

AAott Ii. S. Cart 
INSTALLED 

It * Sock* t a i whilo original purchatar own* car. ira# raploc amant including lo­ bar will ba provided at origin aJ m eal I ation cantar. 

AH U. S. Can 

 lot our asport mechanic* 

 a ADJUST and chack cottar a ADJUST and chack (am bar a ADJUST ond chack too a INCLUDES air conditioned co n 

 tor won bor od«u*tmo*rt astr a, ii Doodad 

MWY. AT WALSHS ilfVBfer- 

Ticket*! 
• 4 ° ° odults children 12 and under 

On Safe at all Jo sk e’s Stores 

* M ajor credit cord* a c c e p te d 
* O ffer e x p ir e s 1 - 1 5 * 7 7 

GILLESPIE FORD 

23oo BROADWAY /A lom a 
227-1411 

JUST SAY 
“ CHAM S 111** 

T s n r v m 

733.3211 
UTT Yr ERKE tm 

M I A A W . MMU AMY 
•34-1441 
■■ mn* \ i 

A v o ue 
I M 
. . . I ” 
— 

 a 
S 
S 
B 
V 
T a 
* 
. Id 
, 2 2 S - I6 M I 

A Happy Family 
New Year can be yours now. 
In fact, you will enjoy it for years to come. Your 
Gary swimming pool will bring years of pleasure and satisfaction. Because the 
Gary designed energy- 

 saving and low cost maintenance equipment is second to none in the pool industry. Our reputation for quality and future service is as strong as our exclusive Vanaloy cm. steel and concrete structure 
Call now! 
This special holiday pool sale ends 

 midnight, January, 3, 
1977. 

San Antonio • Austin • Dallas 

341-3331 
Cary Pools will be closed New Year s day. 

BASKETBALL 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
PhiiadeiDhio 
18 14 
.563 
_ 

Boston 
18 
IS 
545 
■ j 

New York Knicks 
17 IS 
.531 
I 
Buffalo 
15 2o 
.429 
4' 2 
New York Nets 
12 21 
.364 
6 2 

Central Division 
Houston 
19 12 
.613 
_ 

Cleveland 
2o 14 
588 
I , 
Son Antonio 
18 16 
.529 
2 'I 

New Orleans 
18 17 
.514 
3 
Washington 
16 17 
485 
4 
Atlanta 
12 25 
.324 
IO 
W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Midwest Division 

Denver 
23 IO 
697 
_ 
Detroit 
2o IS 
.571 
4 

Kansas Citv 
16 2o 
.444 
8' 2 

Indiana 
16 2o 
444 
8 V* 
Chicago ll 
19 
367 
IO 

Milwaukee 
9 26 
.257 
IS 

Pacific Division 

Portland 
24 12 
.667 
_ 
Los Angeles 
21 
13 
.618 
I •/* 

Golden State 
16 15 
.516 
5 
Seattle 
18 19 
.486 
6 
Phoenix 
14 
16 
.467 
6' . 

\ 
Q; What is 
Nadia (jj 
Comanecis nationality? 

A: The young gymnastic sensation of the Montreal 
Olympics is 
Romanian. 
For fascinating facts on amateur and professional athletics 
—or details on cities and nations around the globe—get your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac. It's a dozen books in one. 

Scoreboard^ I BRUIN BRUISER 

San Antonio EXPRESS-^EVYS-— Sunday January 2 1977 
H-# 

By Bob Dale | 

Saturday's Gomes 

Buffalo 1o2. New York Nets 87 
^New York Kmcks 121. Cleveland 

Washington 1o4, Houston 89 
Portland 89. Chicago 8? 

Sunday s Games 

Philadeichia at New York Nets, afternoon 
New Orleans at Atlanta, afternoon 
Houston at Cleveland 
Phoenix vs Kansas City at Omaha 
Indiana at Milwaukee 
San Antonio at Denver 
Boston at Golden Stale 
Portland af Los Angeles 
Chicago at Seattle 

Minnesota 
16 
17 
4 
New 
England 
16 
18 
4 
Birmingham 
13 
26 
I 

Western Division 
San 
Diego 
23 
13 
2 

Houston 
18 
14 
4 

Winnipeg 
18 
IS 
Edmonton 
16 
?1 
I 
Calgary 
15 
17 
2 

Phoenix 
14 
2o 
2 
Saturday’s Games 
Calgary 5. Edmonton I 
Soviet 
Union S. indianapolis exhibition 

Sunday's Gomes 

Phoenix at Indianapolis, afternoon 
Cincinnati at New England 
Houston at Winnipeg 
Birm ingham at Minnesota 

Monday s Gam e 
Soviet 
Union at 
San exhibition 

GAR/ PLAYED HIGH 
SCHOOL FOOTBALL 
AT 5ANV HOUSTON 
IN 6AM ANTONIO 

2. 

Diego, 

( S o l d e r e d o n e o f t h e t o p p r o 

 p r o s p e c t s im t h e n a t io n .,, h e 's 

BEEM N AM ED TO F I V E 
AlL- 

 a m l r ic a t e a m s . . . p l a y e d 

IN BLUE - GRAY ALL-SI A R 
G A M E ... PLAYS TODAY IM 
EAST-W EST SHRINE 
G A M E M 
SENIOR BOWL 
NEXT SATURDAY 

HOCKEY 
TRANSACTIONS 

C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 

Patrick Division 

W 
L 
23 
7 
22 
9 
18 
13 

 htlodelphio 
N. Y. 
Islanders 
Atlanta 
N. Y. 
Rangers 

SmytheDivision 
St. Louis 
16 17 
5 
Chicago 
12 2o 
6 
Vancouver ll 26 
3 
Colorado 
9 22 
6 
M inneola 
7 21 
9 

W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 

Norris Division 

Montreal 
Pittsburgh 
Los 
Angeles 
Detroit 
Washington 

27 
5 6 
16 
16 6 
12 
16 IO 
13 
2o 4 
IO 
23 4 

Adams Division 

Pts 
54 
49 
43 
4o 

37 
3o 
25 
24 
23 

C O L L E G E FO O T B A LL 

T E N N E S S E E : 
Nam ed H en ry 
Le e P a r k e r . Jo e M ad d en , Jo e 
Avejzano, Bobby Roper, Bill Cox and Jim Dvor assistant cooches. 

PTO H O C K EY 

EDM O NTO N O IL E R S : 
Acquired 
W ayn e C onnelly and C laude St. 
Sauver from the Calgary Cowboys for cosh. 

RACING SUMMARY* 

Buffalo 
24 
9 
3 
SI 
Boston 
23 ll 
3 
49 
Toronto 
18 
15 
6 
42 
Cleveland ll 
22 
7 
29 

Late game not included 
Saturday s Games 
Vancouver 5, New York islanders 
I 
Pittsburgh 6, Buffalo 3 
Toronto 3, Washington I 
Philadelphia 7. Cleveland 2 
St Louis 3, Minnesota I 
Boston at Los Angeles 

W O RLD H O C K E Y ASSO CIATIO N 

Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 

Quebec 
22 
IS 
I 
45 

Indianapolis 
18 
14 
2 
38 

Cincinnati 
17 
16 
2 
36 

S A N T A A N IT A 
S44.75o L o s 
F lo re s H a n d ic a p — M y Ju lie t 
(S3 8o). Ju st A Kick, Ju lan a F. 6 furlongs in 11o IS. 

L A U R E L : 
*1o,ooo New Y e a r's 
Day — Chesapeake Bugeye (*5 8o). 
Shark's Jaw s, Gay Candy. I mile in 
I 36 35. 
C A L D E R : 
*87,ooo W illia m L 
McKnight Handicap — Hall of Rea son <*5.4o1. Visler, Lighting Thrust. 
I '-s miles in I 47 15. 

K E Y S T O N E 
*34,15o G erm an town H andicap — Go Go Roge^ 
(SS.4o), Judging Man. Bold Ploy 
I 1/16 miles in 1:42 1/5. 
W A S H IN G T O N 
SIO .OOO New 
Year's Handicap — Pleasant Brook 
($35 6o), Soot the Shot, Ton! C 
6 furlongs in 1:15 35. 

S U F F O L K : 
$1o,ooo New Year's 
Day Handicap — Country Monarch 
(S9), Edge Merchant, Plivo. 

F A IR G R O U N D S : 
Fe a tu re - 
Ms. Lyd ic (S13.2o), Beau Table 
Recovered Ransom. 6 furlongs in 
I 13 35 

GARy 

5 - H , IB5 LB. SENIOR 
DEFENSIVE BACK FOR 
THE B A Y L O R B E A R S 

GREEM LIKES TO I MU MI DATE 
RECEIVERS a n d e n e m y b a l i CARRIERS 
WITH VICIOUS TACKLES / / 

Stabler waits, relaxes cuuum&BORcn 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
&BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

25% OFF 

ALL OUTERWEAR 

MEN'S SPORTSWEAR 
CLEARANCE! 

OAKLAND (A P ) - This is u week Ken Stabler in­ tends to enjoy, even ii' there are some annoyances along the way as the Super Bifvl 
XI hoopla intensifies. 
“ I'm looking forward to the game, but I think it s possible to enjoy everyth­ ing connected with the 
Super Bowl. The atm os­ phere should be exciting." the Oakland Raiders quar­ terback said as the team prepared to break camp for next Sunday's clash with the Minnesota Vikings. 
“ This is the first time in the Super Bowl for most of us. I know that, according to the guys who'vc been there before, some of it’s 
-not much fun,” he added. 
“ There will be thousands of press people around. I'm sure we're going to have to put up with a lot of dumb 

 questions. But I ’m just go­ ing to grin and bear it. It’s only one week.” 
And, as Stabler, the leading passer in the Na­ tional Football League this season, pointed out. it was a miserable week the past three years. 
“ I was home crying in my beer at this time, re­ playing games we’d lost a hundred times in my mind. 
I watched about half of last year’s 
Super 
Bowl on television, and I didn’t watch at all the two years before that because I was so depressed.” he said. 
The 31 -year-old Stabler became Oakland's starting quarterback in 1973, bump­ ing Daryle Lamonica. He has led the Raiders into the 
Am erican 
Conference championship game four straight seasons, but they 

 lost to the Miami Dolphins in 1973 and to the P itts ­ burgh Steelers twice before dethroning them last Sun­ day. 
"W e're a veteran team, but we don’t have much 
Super Bowl experience. 
The Vikings do and it will probably help them some.” 
Stabler observed 
This is 
M innesota's fourth time in the Super 
Bowl, a game they've never won. Only four current 
Raiders played on O ak­ land's Super Bowl III team which lost to the Green Bay 
Packers at the end of the 
1967 season, but linebacker 
Ted Hendricks and kick re­ turner Hubie Ginn played on Super Bowl winners at 
Baltimore and Miami, re­ spectively. 
"This team will be all right.” says Ginn of the 

Raiders “ We've just got to realize what we're there for. It all boils down to playing football next Sun­ day.” 

Coach John Madden said that although the Raiders have little Super Bowl ex­ perience, “ We've been in­ volved in a lot of big games over the years, games sur­ rounded by a lot of con­ troversy. I don't know why the Super Bowl atmosphere should be a problem for this group " 

Madden also noted that there seems to be no con­ troversy yet about the match with the Vikings, a team the Raiders haven't played since 1973 

“ But before the week is over, I guarantee there will lie.” he said with a laugh. 

SPECIAL 
HOLIDAY POOL 
SALE. 

CUUUm & RORER 
SPORTING G O O DS 

NORTH STAR MAU 
WINDSOR PARK MAU 
344-9245 
653-1511 
MON.-FRI. 1o-9 jvinni c a t i a c 
SATURDAY 1o-6 
M O N .-SAT. 1o-9 

S CONVENIENT PAYMENT PLANS: 
CAB CHARGE. MASTER CHARGE. SANKAMERICARD, 
AMERICAN EXPRESS or LAYAWAY 

VS OFF M EN ’S LEVI 

AN D KEN N IN G TO N SHIRTS 
Reg. $ I 2-$26 

“ M UN SIN GW EAR” 
& “ GANT” 

Selected Group of Mon's 
TENNI$ WEAR.................... 25% Off 

2 5 % 
OFF ALL 
LONG SLEEVE 
SHIRTS 

SPECIAL 
NORTH STAR MALL ONLY 

MAKARY SHEARLING COATS: 
Mens & Women's BONANZA "....33% Off 
Men s ' SNOW BEAU'........... 4o% OFF 

2 5 % OFF H A G G A R 
IMPERIAL SLACKS 
Reg. $24 

O C OK OFF MEN S HARTOG 
/Q VELOUR SHIRTS 
Reg. $24-$4o 

FAMOUS MAKER 1oo% 
POLYESTER SHIRT. 
SHORT SLEEVE. Reg $12 

 s.,, $7.88 

25% OFF M E N ’S FAM O U S 
N AM E SWEATERS: PURITAN, 
PRINGLE, ALPS A N D D A M O N 

 p 

Poke 14-S 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday Jan IM 977 

Continued 
From 

AUTOMOBILES 

RIATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 
SMILE 
76 Br lye Brown 
S M lil 
..'9885 
76 «Td'wU 
'1o19o 
*995o 
ELDORADO 
/ O Red 

’ T A fUKMADO 
S O Q 7 C 
/ O Tertuoto Terntoto ... T O / 3 

♦ y A ELOORMM) 
S I A O O A 
I t Convertible White .’ I 4 V V o 
, , , BROUGHAM 
/ O White-Blue . 
BROUGHAM 
'1o15o 
76 
'1o75o t 7 e COURI DeVllll 
S O O C A i t Green White ............ * 8 9 5 o 
, 7 , COUPE DeVllll 
S O O C A i t Brown Beige ........... O o 5 U 

» 7 A 
OefllU 
S Q O O C 
/ O Blue-Blue ................' 8 9 9 5 
, 7 # COURI D em ! s o o 7 C i t Green Green ............ ^ V 
/ 5 
, , , CALAIS Coupe i t White 
, , , SEDAN DeVllll 
/ O Blue White i T £ SIDAN OeVILLE 
/ O White Blue .... 
ELDORADO 
I J Green Green... 
ELDORADO i t Silver Silver.... 
, T e ELDORADO i t Blue Blue......... 
BROUGHAM 
/ 5 Blue Blue......... 

'795o 
'1o4oo 
*829o 
'875o 
'865o 
. '899o 
. '885o 
COORE DeVllll 
$ 7 o o r t 
7 5 White White 
...........* 7 9 9 o 
COUPE DeVNLE 
75 Brown Serge ............*75oo 
, 7 - COURI De VILLE i t Silver Silver................*779o 
, 7 r SEDAN OeVILLE i t Gold 
.'699o 
, 7 - SEDAN DeVILlE 
* 7 o o n i t Yellow White ...........' 7 9 9 o 
75 S S K .....795o 
74 K T o........'769o 
,m m COUPE DeVILlE 
74 Red White..................'499o 
,1A SLOAN DeVllll 
S A O O A 
7 4 Red White ............... 6 2 9 o 
ELDORADO t i j p a 
74 stm............ *645o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 227-4282 

N f W a n d P R E -O W N tO 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p « n A A on.-F rl. 8 A .M . 
To 6 PJM. 
S a *. 8 A .M . t o 4 P .M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

■RI CHEVROLET IM P A LA . 4 Door. low m ileage. E xce lle nt condition. 
Owner must veil! 832-o4*1 
’TS CHEVROLET IM P A LA 4 door 
Loaded, lo w m ile a g e . E x c e lle n t condition Lid SO S33-6661. 
CHEVY 67 Bel A ir 
4 d r., ra d io . 
8-1 rock, radio Iv Good cond 
SASO 
ASA-7o74 
CHEVY '47 Bellaire Good tire v lite battery n y I BSP 
•Af CHEVY Caprice, radio, a ir P i 
V I, auto Goad cond s lo ts Ray. 
FloretvUle ( I t i t 1-477o 
H C A DILLAC S E V ILLE . 7* LIN 
COLM C O N T IN E N T A L Forced to sell* Moth extra clean fam ily cars, need th e m o n e y ! W ilt t o ll a t wholesale gook value CON 4*4 U S S ! 
SY Chevy, 4 door. ra d io , h oo ter. good tires SHOO 673-56*4 
AA CHEVY IM P ALA 4-doar. a uto, rebuilt eng 
E xtra clean 
Aits. 
AYS-rn*________________________ 

'78 CHEVYIMPALA 
4 Dour hor (Man. M il new! 
444VS 
He m p h i l l MCCOMBS 
FORD WESTSIDE 
4717 W Commerce 433 iaa* 
Chew A3 I moola. 4 door. good paint and tires, good running condition 
M O ■’ i / PVSA___________________ 
•74 CHEVY M alibu Wagon. V-8, oir, rpdlg. S34So *3? 7354_____________ 
74 CHEVY M alibu Clastic 

[ 
AUTOMOBILES D 
© 
C lUIOWOJIHS ~*)(5T«) t moxaum 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 
^ a iir ii/ e is a ty sale 

MALIBU 
COUPE 

You’ll find several coupes available at 
♦his special price. 
A choice of colors to choose from. 
Each is equipped with a 25o CID L6 engine, standard 3 speed transmission, tinted glass, vinyl seats, carpeting and belted whitewall. W hile they last, only 
$3,729 

 the little cheeper dealer 

Why not toke advantage of our 9fh Anniversary specials to put yourself in a new cor or truck. 
We have purchased a group of Nova coupes and Malibu cnupes that are being offered, while they lost, at the lowest prices in town. You will find our large selection of pickups, Vans and 
Blazers also at 
Anniversary 
Soles prices. 

DELUXE WHEEL 
COVERS OPTIONAL 
EXTRA 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.EMUtaryDr. 
9242311 

TAKE UP 
PAYMENTS 
| TOYOTA Carroll*. tfentfartf, 

~ turn 
‘221o 

* I 
< 74 
VW .WeeNrA, rn.SIMM . . . . *1987 

*73 MOTO, Staten wagon, Stan- 

^ 
‘178o 

 i > 7 3 no R f-*. 

7} COUGAR A ir. power, aulom a tic SI8oo AOI 7o81 arter A_________ 

Cleon, looped SI jog 443 o444 
, 78 Chevy Monte Carlo 

“ 
" W 
W 
, L l * « < * # , *“ ” 
FORD WESTSIDE 
4/o/ w. Commerce a h iaaa 

75 CHEVY NORI* 
Ant# V I sharp c a r1 , s ifts 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD WESTSIDE 
47o/ W Commerce 433-14*4 
‘Al C H E V Y S T A T IO N W AGON 
SIPP HOS QOO„ tires SS3 3437 
'n Chevy Super toaden ( leon 
*78 Vethswagen Sauu><-ou< x ____ 
*48 C h ew Impoiu hordlop ....... .. 
*78 M ercury Brougham, loaded, like 
«ut wa 
. 
*r 
CENTER AW TO SALES 
1*37 Roosevett t i * sis* 
AB d i s VY Sager Sport VS. a ute. 
Rawer factor v air. goad m n norm al cond SS»S WMT trade *13 1883 

78 CHEVY NASIM, i PUSS. 
••w ar. air, Mkt new1 i n n 
“ IP H tLL 
ORD WI 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD WESTSIDE 
47o7 w Commerce *33 1444 
•71 Cheyenne 8 a fe r, ion j rn 
•W Vadetwogen Scjuot*borh ... 
At Chevy im pala hora loo 
7o M ercury Brougham, loaded, like 

CENTER AUTO SALES m ; Roosevelt m s)st 
•71 CHRYSLER SI4oo 
\ 
CALL- 7 34-HS* 
I 1*74 CHRYSLER CO R D O !*" 
M ust seU 14,ooo m ile s New ca r 

 ii C H R Y S L E R C o rd o va F u lly 
•gutpped, I owner V e ry lew m i 
U ke new. to e *! WW trade *11-1881 

< *1A P b a u g M g 

•r. V I. o /lo air pow#! 
I 
JAMISON M iry Sedum 
Ii Ch i* «'SL E 8 Station Wagon t-y.iy ovouojr. 

73 
I I J 2 (Phil 

D U y h lin 
‘236o 

. *1987 

. *2582 

73 ™ Z £ r 4.. ‘2157 
# 72 
*212o 

“ > r a j MUSI SHO ll. vwwent, Ut— *2788 
GA4No WIX, «8 
7 5 IMW md e h .... *4752 

<7 * 
R A M M , J A m fKm4v 4 A 
ItJNO 
J T 
*228o 
C A U D I LA R O S H 
3 4 1 - 9 4 3 3 
9 8 o o S A N PEDRO 
O PEN S U N D A Y 

 i 
R f r 

7 5 O L D S M O B IL E 

D E L T A R O Y A U E S 
* AU 44)oo88 * 

(HOOSE ROM 6 
AT LOW PEKE OE 
'295o. 
See: Mr. James Deeds 
WINN’S 

STORES IH C . 

1235 GfMBLER RD. 
333-4224 
JC 

71 CORVETTE. Custom, new eng., brakes. point, tires 
Loaded 
484 78o3 

•74 COUGAR Fully looded IS.ooo miles Coll AS* 14o1 
71 COUGAR 
LOADED Coll 141-1*}) 
A* COUGAR, looks bad. runs great 
54*8 AAI 1oo4, 441-4741 
7) COUGAR XR7 
CLEAN 121*8 A41S8*** 

73 CUTLASS COUPE 
Loaded AM FM stereo radio, clean. 
Cream, dark brown vinyl root S284* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE l*o1S W M ilita ry f i t AHY 
7) CUTLASS Runs p erfect, best 
Ofter 141 74o7 
7 8 CU TLASS Salon, l l , SOO m i , loaded, blk.. 
Mow 
Book 
$4/oo 
718-428o 
71 C u ll'.. , S 2-Dr 224 4*84 
M AKE PA . MENTS-TAKE TRADE 
71 CUTLASS Supreme A ir, aute., 
AM tape I d r . new tire s . S2»*S 
341 1*71 or A f* I ll s 

72 CUTLASS SUPREME 
C O N V E R T IB LE , au to m a tic, o ir, pow er s te e rin g , b ra k e s B u c k e t seats, console Im m aculate condi hon 341*411. >**-7171 
74 CUTLASS Supreme V I, auto . power, factory o ir AM FM stereo tope, like new 
Win trade i)**S 
*21-1883. 
YI CUTLASS SUPREME Excellent condition 
Cleon 
Only 41.ooo ml 
AOS 31S? 
YI D A R T S w in g e r *, a u to A ir 
Beautiful 686 9239 

 d o d g e c h a r g e b soo 
I t t a 
4 speed, th o le slo ts 4*4 s in 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

12 MONTHS OR 12,ooo MUES 
COVERAGE ON MAJOR MECHANICAL REPAIRS 
★ MOTOR S INSURANCE CORPORATION ★ 

7 6 M O N T E C A R L O L A N D A U S E V- A, Automatic’ 
TrommliMon, power steering, power brake*, air ( o " - l t 4 f t t dit toned. radio. white sidewall*, bucket seat*. «oa*ole 
J ‘* 7 J 

AUTOMOBILES 
111 lB* ^ 
AUTOMOBILES D @ C 
AUTOMOBILES 
— 
I. Hmm n 
^gS&& 
D O C 
AUTOMOBILES D O C 
AUTOMOBILES D O 

Hlm r JORDAN FORD'S 
AFTER CHRISTMAS CLEARANCE! 
OUR ENTIRE INVENTORY OF NEW '76 & '77 FORDS & USED CARS 

77 THUNDERBIRD 
‘ 119” * 

Cruiseem atic, air, 351 VS, rad ial tiros, tinted girns, dark blue, btu# vinyl top and 
•thor features, Stk. #1789. *4 8 months at 
) ) 19.99 per month with trode in of $135o, ann ual percentage rata 1o.97, deferred payment price $71o9.52. Cash Price 55995. 
Only tax A title net included. 

'77 IID ll "S" 

*98,T* 

PER M O NTH 

2 Door, 3o2 VS, cruiseematic. aw, radial w hitew all tim*, tinted glow, accent group an d ether features, Stk. jill7 3 o . *4 8 months at $98.17 par month with trade­ in of $ 1 3 5 o , an n u al percentage rata 
1o.97, deferred payment price $6o62.16. 
Cash Price $515o. Only tax 8 title not included. 
PER M O NTH 

I m m e d i a t e . . . 
’ IO O CASH REBATE 
O N ALL REM AINING N EW & DEMONSTRATOR ’76 FORD 
PASSENGER CARS. OFFER G O O D THRU JA N . TO, 1977 

LOT MANAGER S AFTER CHRISTMAS SPECIALS 
I 
• DOWNTOWN A 

73 T-BIRD ifc,SST" ’4995 

’73COUNTRY power brakes. 
................................. 
/ j T 
J 

 i 7 n T f l V n r A f'p he el drive, oir l o IUTUIA tondiiianed, powei . 
. 
. 
. 
. steenng....................................................o o 7 J 

'73 PINTO 
>1995 

P NORTHSIDE • 

’74 VW 
>2995 

 r a p t A D f ) Gronodo 4 dr., 6, outo- f t I U K U mafic, air, powei, vinyl . . . 
. 
. top, bucket seotv................................... 
3 4 V S 

’72 PONTIAC SSI. X * 

 tiful blue & white, low milts, I owner. 
Z t r t 
*79 CADn (<HM,try Sedan *°9°n’ 
/ 4 rUnU automatic, air, power, t r s r u s r extra nice, low miles......................... 
Z V V J 

• SOUTHSIDE • 

 r a w x i a i / x < -* . 3 speed, 6 cytin- 
/ Z NuVft der. transportation 

’72 INTERNATIONAL |S* 

 automatic, fully overhauled 
V B 
S j ( ^ < ^ 

’75 PINTO 
>2995 

 yearn C A D I S % 
* * ^ 
“ P- l" L 3o7 V i t r U K U 8, flgtomatK, radio, heater 
J 

MOST UNITS ELIGIBLE FOR EXTENDED SERVICE POLICY 

'BOY, OO WE HAVE A DEAL W R Y O H " 

• DOWNTOWN • 
615 S. St. Mary's 
227-1311 
• NORTHSIDE 6 
Loop 41o at McCullough 
344-8396 
• SOUTHSIDE • 
414 S.W. Military Dr. 
923-4566 

SEUS e LEASES e RENTS 

< 7 1 r A D D I C E C C n A A l Mereoe, V-D, autom atic trout- tO I M r K U l S E D A N -muton, pawer steering, pawer brakes, air conditioned, radio, w hite sidew alls, c r u is e s * n a e control, Hit wheel 
........... 
“ Z Y j i f i I 'lif ll P W E Mediiww oronao ef*9t» custom toddle lit* 
IO vHcVITT! tarter, 4 cylinder, 4 speed, air con- 
1*19o C dirioner. rap rack, radio, white sidewalls......................... v t 
I J 
Copper, 
V-D, 
7 5 F O R D LT D W A G O N im m m i.*tm .. pawer steer- pawer brakes, air conditioned, radio, 
. h l l t j j ^ ^ 

7 5 F O R D T O R IN O W A G O N tran$mi»iion, power 
$Yeefinj|f power brokes, ob conditioned, rodio, white 
YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD 
FROM GILLESPIE—HERE'S HOW! 

7 5 H O N D A W A G O N ^conciitioiH N i, radio 4 r 
-4 * 2 4 9 5 

7 5 IM P A L A S E D A N mission, pawer steering, power 
19QQC brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls. . . . . . 
U T T J 
Cream. 
V-8, autemc mission, power steering see U A S IT C r A D f A Cream, 
V-8, automatic trans- 
/ 3 Iflv lN I E L A U L U mission, pawer steering, power 
SAADE brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls. . . . . . t M 7 J 

7 5 M O N Z A 2 + 2 H A T C H B A C K power Steering, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, j g . q r white sidewalls, bucket teats, console.............................. 
J * 7 J 

7 5 P O N T IA C A S T R A SJ steering, air conditioner, radio, whit# sidewalls, mags. A T T I 

7 5 P O N T IA C F IR E B IR D Z ? T *rm‘ wh',• v” y' mission, pawer tteerine, power brakes, air to n -ss / o r 
■ 
" 
.Ce side-w o ils....................................... 46V5 

7 5 V E G A C O U P E ZZ?■JLSftSZJt'* ^ 
‘• " • d‘ 2 4 9 5 

7 4 H O N D A white sidewalls. ilJ S K X r4* :.............. * 1 9 9 5 1 

 i j j ( A M A D A N » sr with black vinyl top. 
V-8, r “ L f llh A n U autematk transmission, radio, power steering, pawer brakes, air conditioned, white 
. s i s . i sidewalls............................................................................ 
J O Y S i 

7 4 D O D G E M O N A C O W A G O N V-8, automatic transmission, pawer steering, pawer brakes, ate con­ ditioned. radio, white sidewalls, cruise central, p s w t r jj g g ^ 

7 4 IM P A L A 4 D O O R H A R D T O P S transmit- z z rs s : Z Z * p* w4r r r r : m* w s 
• J A M A U A C C n A M a" d " t * whita vinyl tap. V-», auto 
/*♦ n U T R )E I/H rim u iH nantmissien, pawer steering,ct* J A r pawer brakes, ab conditioned, radio, white side walls 
A U Y J 

’ 7 4 O LD S C U TLA SS S U P R E M E C O U P E landau vinyl lap. V-8. automatic transmission, pawer itoarinji' pawer brakes, ab conditioned, radio, w hitet 

'77 PINTO 2 dr 

4 speed fronimmion, bucket seats, 

PH. Stack #221o. 

S 
J 
J 
2 
9 
* 

*41 monrhi en approved credit with 
$49S cath ar trade down Cash sale price $3217 Annual percentage rate 
11.83, deferred pncc $4o12.92 State 

 tax, license extra. 

-43£fcZ Z S k.' 

77 GRANADA 2 -d r 

25o cu. in. 6 cylinder, whitewall radial fires, power steering, tinted glass. 4 speed overdrive, etc. sloe. 
#7867 

*48 months en approved credit with 
$595 cash ar trode down Cash sale price $4326, annual percentage rate l l 13, deferred pnce $5296 12, stole tor license extra 

'77 LTD 4-dr. 

Ax conditioned, 351 VS. cruneomotic transmission, power steering, AM ra­ dio, wheel covers, tinted glass, etc., stock #2879 

S 
M 
M 
* 
$ 
1 
o 
o 
6 
9 
* 
$ 
1 
2 
7 
“ 
* 

^ 
^ 
8 iA ------- -i- - 
----- raeJ',1 secs 
‘ 6o months on approved credit with 
$595 cash or trade down, cosh sale price $5383, annual percentage rate 
13.31, deferred price $7176 4o, state tax license extra 

'77 THUNDERBIRD 

Ax conditioning, vinyl reef, exterior decor group, tinted glass. AM radio, 

 bodysido moidmgs, etc Stk. #2761. 

*6o months en approved credit, with 
$595 cash rn trode down, cash sale price $6165, annual percentage rote 
13.31, deferred price $8251, state lax, license extra. 

2 3 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 
227-141$ 

" • * 3 6 9 5 

7 4 O LD S O M E G A H A T C H B A C K mission, power steering, pewee 
Omened radio, white sidewall* 

7 4 P L Y M O U T H D U S TE R C O U P E 
P f standard, ab 
• • ------ 
- 
' white udeweM* 

Tan .and white. V- 
8. owtomatii trons- brakes, air cen-$ 

White w ith blue 
2 6 B 5 

78 DOOGK Coft Wagon Auto . a ir, I owner Like new 827*8 W ill trade. 
*21-1881 

 standard., «b_ conditioned, power steering, redw $ 2 6 9 5 I 

^ : os r ua— 
^249s\ 
7 4 V E G A ESTATE W A G O N automatic ' 
F9*#w ab conditioned, redie. white sides 

7 4 V E G A W A G O N lie, whites J 

7 3 IM P A L A S E D A N transmission 
Fewer steering,}* d o r brakes, ob condit ioned, radio, white sidewall*. 
* 4 7 J 
AUver, 
V-8, 
Autem atk irons mission, power steering, u s a onditioned. redie. white sidewalls. 
7 3 N O V A C O U P E brakas. ab condHi 
“*’r"*2495 

7 3 C A P R IC E S E D A N pawer steering, power brabes! air conditioned, radio, white sidewellt. dark geld withersr A r beige vbtyi t a p .................................................... .TV .. . . 
A U “ 5 

7 3 C U TLA SS S U P R E M E C O U P E 9%* automatic 

3S S S r t 3 f c T ^ ,5 
S 
^ r T 
. ^ . * r 
* r - » 2 9 9 5 

73 

7 3 M E R C U R Y M O N T E G O S E D A N 

2 7 $ $ I . I V . M IL IT A R Y 

DB. 
7oMAV—ta 2-di 
*M<»5 
74 VfGA st BOL 
HA1CHSACX 
..... ’189il 
9234541 
SLo^ 
‘4595 
TI MUSTANG ?^i --- ‘1995 
68 ONVBlf ktafcbv Coupe 
*1395 
:...... *3295 d” 1™ 
*2o95 
75oNWG1C 
..... 
Cud Deluxe p«kup ....... 4595 
'ZVSa-u — 
•’!!?! 
74 count i-ck ,p eutaee ......—„ 1 / h 95 d* FAICON 
Futwm Wbmp____ *1295 
73 FOTO” ., 
IOO awk up.......... ‘2595 

73 LID 
7 dr ........ ‘2895 
TI CUTLASS u#ftc 
Supreme 2-W -........ ‘1895 tToSvv 
Meete Cerie 2-dr... -... *3495 
71 PINTO 2-di....... *1595 
69oooG4 
Carene* 3-dr .......... ’1195 
■7oVoUSWAGB4 
. AA, 
2 ¥ 
995 
71 VOLKSWAGEN 
.a aa. 
?-* ............... ‘1295 nam 1-o ........ *1295 
72 TOYOTA ..........‘1375 
>o FAICON 4di__ >1295 
68IMPA1A 2-dr..... * $5o 

74CHEW Cornice---‘3395 
75 GHMUN leaded ... ‘2595 
'78 CUTLASS Supreme 
‘2995 
MITO dean 4dr---- ,’695 
'78 MAVWCK 2 dr ... ‘1695 
‘67 BAMM* 4*. 
‘695 

2o14 G O L IA D R D . 
333-672o 
TS GILA MADA 
I 6 ce rawer------------- 
*3 
'TJFOtCiTD 
„ 
4 6 leaded_______ *3 
74 UNTO 
,« 
OUN 6 Xo -n itll 
J 
7* fetO LTD 
SMM Wegen IO pas* 
3 
TlFONrilC GTU 
„ 
Air power A MMB 
Z 
Ti IMF AU Stetson Wcmm ak and poem* 
73 MONI HJO 
2 4 b a M T . 
MX 

71 MUSTANG ax peer* 6 s m w ----- 
H O C K S 
78 TOM) longer, ex. im ™ 
‘ 'OC <nmm 
75 K » FMO 
4 meed rn 
7 < K * fOtO bonce VI 
M power dewing As* 
74 8 CAMINO J pew 

M O trvw JU ThiM sukue A bei-idwd — .. 

1 7 2 2 A N S T W H W Y . 
826-3287 

75 GtANAOA 
2-6. deaa 
74 MAZDA 
1-6 boded 
......... 
73 CAFBt 
J-6 ............ ............ 
72 GtEMUN 
26r 
______ 
76 B ill 
2-6 hardtee boded 

74oooGA 
Club Cub Baku* 
... 
71^ MAZDA 

7QYOYOTA 

74 roto 
•enow XU exkue 

TRUCK & JEEP DEPT 

2 4 1 1 B R O A D W A Y 

2 2 7 .1 4 1 9 

74 Fo8D< oU tKI pKkvp ee, atonderd ...... *2485 
^3 FOTO 8ANCHBO pickup VI, B k 
— 
*3387 

‘TI DOOM (MOO 
. . . . . 
IWB flub Cab, ee_____ *2o2o 
68 roto F-25o b 
T.CTlm+rn______*239o 

.... *3*9o 
74 JSM Cuetem 
. . . . . 
Weganew4 wheel4. ...... 4SX9 riloutm e*tk(,p Green, m 
----------- 2388 
7 6 FOTO FI SO U M . 
4-Wttwel 6 .1 euro . ex ... *5479 
7 1 W TO M O O 
. dMrt, VI, 4 mee d---------‘5795 
7 4 * o * o rn 
VI oarsmen. _________ *5995 

748oTOAI5o1IW pxkup. thmdwd 
..........*3949 

'You Con Afford a Ford From Gillespie 

 v-g. 

‘ 2 2 9 5 

OODGE iud# Coronel o ir, pow er steer ma b ro ke *, 4 Or., esc tlre x 
IQJO Cibolo Trot! Universal City 
Dodge Custom Coronet 1*74, 4-door, air, autom atic, radio power yteer mg and brakes. 99 OOO miles, priced to sell 819oo SI? 923 4353 G ira rd 
M achinery 4 Supply 3428 Roosevelt 
A s t 
Son Antonio 
'ii DODOS DART 4 cylinder' good condition >428 649 1838 
DODGE DART 
HAS A L L LU XU R Y F E ATURBS 
1*74 Special E dition Brougham 4 door. 4 cyt . auto, all power and air 
AM FM radio , w ire wheels, new tires, one owner 33,ooo m i 13,ooo 
3414244 
______ 
A* DODGE DART ______ 
I IM I ll I IIF 
I Itll III ll I I M 

7 2 M O N K C A R L O S 
K 
S 
* 
" V 
* - * ................ 
Hooting, pawer brakes, ab. radio, white sidew all! 
. . 2 4 9 5 

7 2 
4 D o o R H A R D T O P ^ ’m S r , ^ . * . f t 
, z s r jx - z & .s r " 
+ ‘— *19 9 5 

6 7 IM P A L A m 
$ 
U vA e S 
M r 
‘ i i T O ( brake*, ab candbiened. radio, white side w ells 
I 2 9 5 
.1IK S IO N 
CHEVROLET 
PHONE 

1 2 o o S.E. M i l i t a r y 
9 2 4 - 2 3 1 1 

GILLESPIE*^ 

23oo Broadway • 227-1411 
2311 Broodway • 227-1415 
2411 Broadway • 227-1419 
2755 S.W. Military • 923-4541 
2o14 Gaitod Bood • 3‘*3-672o 
1722 Austin Hwy. • 8 2 6 -'2 1 7 
SEUS • LEASES • SENTS 

TS F IR E B IR D ESPRIT i s un tiny men!*, call *24 SAIA 
71 FIR E BIR D , very nice c a r 13756 
181o B r o t;(tw o s 
22# BJV! 
‘YA FORD C o untry Sedan Station 
W agon 
A u to , p o w e r s te e rin g b rakes, a ir, ra d io , c a ll AAI ATAI 
Mon.-Fri. »-}. 
.............. ............. 

71 FORD C ountry Squire Wagon. 
L u * rack, 46o eg.” e n * , AM FM s te re *, p o w e r le e ks. N ew steel ra d ia lt. tro lle r tow pkg including hitch 494- 5443 

YI DODGE Demon 2 door, 45.6oo mites, U t V t, air. std „ vinyl loo, t on<1 
9w4f v t DOD O t PoklfO Wooon 9 
, y r an 5155o ( g i f 333 4914 
44 DODGE Poiore. geed condition tm firm . 34* 4 tt* 

YI CHRYSLER Town end Country 
Wagon 3 SM H. Oil power. A2**8 By owner 344 5AA7 
' 

Cleon 1*74 Us rd Cars At 
” 
BUDGET RENT A CAR 34VA441 
J2LH I Loop 4 tt et A irport Blvd 
C- 71 M a /do Ro tor Agto.y lop#. 
*M)Q6m. >165o 66DG438. 824 /S76 
73 COMET M I standard Ii,OOO rn, 
▼a s e ttle e s ta te 
(d e c e a s e d ) 
I-Owner 924 t a ll eves, wet s , o , 
74 C O N T IN E N T A L 4 d ee r. m ust 
S64H C d f: m 
1141 
'Al CORV A tt RdfNtJM ending. >428 
CdM; IM M U _________ 
CORVETTE CONV 44 M ust see I* appt sc iota I U t i l AtAGAII. 

74 DODGE Super Bee. E xcellent cond , $3,666 m i Moos. new tires 
MTS or hest otter 431A46) r 
A M U . _____ 
MB, g ut* , dtr t i too *88-8743. 
74 Ouster I-D r U4-6H4....... 
M AKE PAYM ENTS TAKE T R A D t 
E C O N O M Y !!! 
72 HORNET SPORTABOUT 
81898 _____________ 
433 o216 
7 t ELDO RADO C adillac P erfect 
Condition. St?,SOO 14176o7________ 
ELDORADO C O N V E R TtB L'i"” ' 
While with white ledlher Going up 
In value *7166 and ri* in * Owner 
H i 1*47 anytim e 
ELECTRIC SUN ROOP 
* 
1974 Chry tie r Brougham Black 2 door roup*, maroon learn* inter tar ta w mileage, all luxury option* 
878oo 
824-3233. 
>26-651o 
Private owner 

¥ 
¥ 

LONI STAR “ SPECIALS” 

I 75 V W i m rn i t, a b , A M / n e I t WOO m ite s *3395 j 74 VW CeeverWbte IS.OOO mMes. 
‘2995 
75 VW Bu* I passenger, ab................ 
*4395 j 71 VW tqtmrabedi.......................... *995 
69 VW Cempmistll* pep reg. 
............ *155o 
17 3 KAHMANN GHIA '5ftX>. £ 
Z 
*2575 

I 74 VW trim 's, J V Z i * T \ 
*2555 

’69 RAMBUR l£S C £G P tJti . * r *995 

7 6 RABBIT 
+• *3775 

73 TOYOTA £ 
* 
* 
. 
. . . 
*2595 

73 VW Baade, arnement, 49.ooo mUet 
*1995 

73 VW S E T T S T W . TTT. *t*°° *2675 

Lone Star v o i . k s w a g k 
• • 
824-731 I 

N 
® 

78 FORD 8oo Custom 
78 MERCURY Montage 
... tt*7>. 
74 FORD Torino ................... 8188o 
THESE CARS ARE LO AD ED ! 
THEY RUN and LOOK GOOD! 
_________6—3 S FLORES________ 
71 FORD 4 dr air 
............... *rg*5 
YO TORINO 2-dr........................ U U 
76 AMBASSADOR 4. standard M*S. 
•AA MUSTANG V t ........ 
*4*8. 
41 REBEL A aute ................. *5*8. 
’4* CHEVY, need* body work $3*5. 
'44 FALCON 4-dr ..................... *2*5 
SMITH S Used Cots 
YOS S ALAMO 
226 9144 
FORD Elite, I awner, I d rive r, welt kept and m aintained Last reg gas model I parted! 131oo 126 3198. 
AA FORD F a irle a * 24* V t, 4-door 
531 IYM eyes________ 
71 FORD G alax!* 5oo, 2 fo d ir'' ISI cu , a ir. p ow er s te e rin g b ra k e s trailer nltcn New tires Runs good. 
* l4 '° 
Am ity. 

'73 FMO LIB 
4-Deer ..................................... % u f i 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD WESTSIDE 
471/ W Commerce 433 I4A4 
1*71 F ord L T D 2 door. e xce lle n t condition >23oo. 494-1o2*. 
YI FC WD LTD, 4ERBF/"vinyl seats 
Loaded Plus HYGAIN ll CB 5365o, cosh only 6W > 129 
'74 FORD LTO, I t pass wagon, real twee. 521*5. —4-272* 

BUY THE NO. I SELLING 
STATION WAGON 
THE DODGE ASPEN 

The Car of the Year 

 is Also The 

No. I Selling 

4 Door Wagon! 

Economical 6 cylinder or Small V-8 Engine. 

• OVER 6o NEW ' 77'$ TO CHOOSE FROM • 

WK ARK RKADY TO SKU 
IF YOU ARK RKADY TO DEAL! 
o. R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BRO ADVT A Y 
.JO S S *. 
777 7781 

71 FORD LTD V t, o ut* , pawer. 

 n ma m in k 
I Deor ................................. tee* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD WESTSIDE 
47*7 W Commerce 433 1464 
'Y I FO RD T E R IN O 
A ir lu ll"* loaded Good cond ition. 821 1471 days *867115 nights 
FORO TORINO W o*enT ~ 7r v<> attar. 34473AO 
•73 BORO Torino Station w new tires. air. rad—, heater, 
*87-4861 
174 FORO VAN 4 cyf., clean, ta 
M utt sri!) tl4»8. 832-6177 

 n G r a n a d a ;'* c y i. tip nu f ir , newer t it e r inn, 5 new 
82* 3475, ITA 74*3. 

7S GRANADA 4-o 
Toke over paym ent*, no eqult 
John sump 349 6948 
YI GRAND PRIX L J. fooded 
Ask lot Sonny, wark ??4 4241 oger 5 pm 65^3973 
72 G randville, 2 door hardtop " o il 
BOftaf- a m FM Tape, Reasonable. 
8/2 o186 
7* GRAN P R IX SJ 
S ilver blue. pow er w indow s. A M PM s ta m p , tape deck A skin g *55oo a r b e t! otter Atter * 696 96a* 
73 GRAN PR IX SJ Landed 52475. 
222-1342, 

78 Vega GT auto., a ir, new tires, very clean 5115o 341 o668 ■ 
*73 VEGA Note b h u t k 
Auto., a ir, 
Ut. rn I , HI I ai lion —1.74o7 

7 * y i6 A 4 spe*d, air, Hatchback 
P H . — VOLVO# 4-speed, 4-doar 
Beild transportation —75 “ “ ** * — dr (Ck sam a Rd , *96 3614 
TI VEGA Station Wagon clean t o ll - 7 6o#l 
VW 'TI, O verh aule d en stereo, PM, SULA - I 2o3 

Continued from 

C AUTOMOBILES 
C 

CA VENDER’S 
“ SPECIALS” 

76 CHEVY 
* ’4995 
75 TORONADO 
* *?T *5995 
73 oiD$ s s r y r j a r ? * : - '- '- * *2295 
75 chevy a s a a s 
- ^ *3995 
75 BUICK : r cr> srw l' 
’4295 
75 MERCURY SSJJSttT JST "T* ’4795 
75 pontiac s s a ^ a a iirrr.rr >4195 
75 FORD WD 
- ’3795 
74 CHRYSLER S s y S a L & f iT w S 
74 CHEVROLET S ^ 3 ,.‘<ir “ ”>* «3295 
72 OLDS 
* ‘2795 
76 OLDS Z'SSATn. *: * p~” ’6995 
72 MERCURY W JS S R a S JS r.. ’2295 
76 OLDS £ te£ .!T :ho*' *1'- ■" 
’5195 
71 oLD$,r5(X - lS 5 ,M 2r.*r’ ’2295 

12,ooo M ill OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 

74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

“CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadw ay • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

AUTOMOBILES 

REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BIDMINMY m-5841 
Toke over payment* on 73 Cuffs** 
Supreme. No equity. Call 124-o918 ofter 7- 922-7757 
Take over payments on 74 NOVA. 
No equity. Call 824-o918 a»k for 
Fred, ofter 7- 922-7757 
Take over paym en t* on 74 FI- rebird. No equity. Call 824-o914 afb tor Fred, ofter 7 : 922-7757 
TAKE UP Payment*, on <71 Chevy 
Malibu, loaded 924-5426 
IRO, enc. black, a rlafhof. I 
53ooo. 342-o4o2 
’$8 T-&IR 
I °wner 
T-BfRD 73 sunroof. 
5395o. 
342-o124 
Loaded, days 

74 T-BIRD 
Take over paym ents, call Jo h n 
Sllmp 
69J8 
’74 T-Blrd Yellow, leather interior, oil power ootiorn, Includfns seats and windows. C lim atic a ir, tilt steering, cruise control, AM PM stereo tope, new rodlals, 16,ooo ml. 
Im m aculate condition. O riginal owner. 653-187o. 
________________ 
71 Torino SOO Sport Roof 
M A KE PA YM EN TS - 224-6956 
W i 
TORONADO, * Excellent condition 
MUST S E L L ! 653-8716; 653-5o34 
71 TOYOTA, loaded 
____________Coil 341-3933________ 

TRAN S AM, 1975 
Mint Cond loaded 55495 494-5313 
76 T R A S S AM , w hite, loaded 
Sacrifice tor 
551oo. 
494-534o, 
349-3786. 
V A LIA N T ’45. Ex tra Clean I $195. 
736-4633, ask for John. ____________ 
7$ VEGA. Clean, low mi. I owner. 
Air, Stereo. 43571*4 ofter 5 

T I C T M f n f t K a f f i r 

GIANOTTI 
Mrs. Doris I. Ola nots, 142o Riptide 
$1., passed away lo a local hospital 
Thursday, Dec. SO, 1974 at the o w of 
44 veorv Survivors: Husband, John 
P. Chinotti; daughter and son-in- law, Nina and Harret SI. Clair; daughter Marion 8. Otortoni, son, 
John A. Glo nom. all el San Antonio,- 
•nether and stepfather. M r. and 
Mrs. Prank Gehrig, Bayside, Tex­ as; sisters, LOI* Bryan. Santa Rosa, 
Calif., Addle Leu Tomlinson, Aus­ tin; granddaughters. Michelle and 
Toro St. Clair, City. Funeral ser­ vices WHI be held from the Del Ic re* t 
Chapel Monday. Jan 3. 1977 at 9:3o a m. with Rev. Je ff o Brown of­ ficiating. Graveside and interment services will be held at t OO p.m. in 
St. M a ry 's Cantatory, B aysid e, 
Texas. Pallbearers: A. C. Broon, C. 
H. A voy, E m o ry P a lm e r, Jo e 
Consoles. Guy Rhew and Harold 
Turner. Arrangements with 

B r l i m * ! 
AAAA at— Mi AAA, 
A J 
WQJPStt 3PP.BR.M. W IR IB w l, 

I i i —Deaths 

PR Y O R 
Mrs. Eh ho Meno Pryor, o w IS, of 
1138 Babcock Rd., died Thursday. 
She was a m em ber af L a u re l 
Heights Uttttod Methodist Church end was a fo rm e r te a c h e r at 
Thom as Jeffe rso n High School. 
Survivors 
Sons, David C. Pryor, 
San Antonio, Stephen P. Pryor, Pt 
Collins, Col.; sister, M rs. O. C. 
Bradley, Childress, Tex., Service 
Monday at ll o’clock tot the Colonial 
Chapel of the Porter Loring M ot 
Ivory, the Rev. Charles L. Gtester officiating Inform ant In Sunset 
Memorial Park. Arrangement* with 
IW ter Lorton s to i M cC u llo u g h 222-o221 

R O B ER T SO N 
Mr. Arthur T. Robertson, of 332 Ada 
St., passed away Dec. 31, 1974 In a local hospital at the o w of St years. 
Sorvivorv Wife, Sally ReboTson; 
Siste rs, A nnie Su m ners, Ida 
Sumner* af Elm endorf; brothers. 
Edward Robertson, Daniel Robert­ son of Elm en d orf; aunts, K atie 
Henderson, Lino Bttenhaur; and numerous aloes* and nephew*. 
Services win be held at the Broo- kehfll Funeral Home at 3:oo p.m. 
Monday. Jon. J, 1977 with the Inter­ ment to fallow Hi the Biteche Ceme­ tery. Arrangements with 

7 6 a m a CLASSIC? dr. H/T., 
8/C., P/i, P/6, PAU.. PA. AU fit 
STEREO, VT aas S629S. now $5588 
76 MUSTANG H AZC auto, AM radio V/T Was S379S now.. . $3388 
76 COUGAR XR-7 AZC. auto, V/T, 
AM-EM Stereo w» SS695 
............... $5188 
75 LTD, 2 dr. landau auto, AZC, 
P/S, P/I, PZN, AM FM, nos S4996 now . 
$4388 
75 GRANO PRIX Auto, A/C, P/S, 
PZB PAU. PA UA. bucket seats, was 5SS9S now...............$4888 

SAVB SSSS 

75 CAMARO Standard. S-speed, V- 
8, A/C, P/i Nos $3995 now $3588 

’74 MONTI CARLO landau, auto, 
PA. P/8, PAU. UA. AM EN stereo, teas $3995 now............ $3688 

74 COUGAR XI 7 Auto.. A/C. PA 
P/8, U/T, eras $429S now... $3888 

'TR MONTEGO MX 2-door. bufo., 
PTS, P/B, Un was $269S 
Rote........................... $2188 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

9 8 o o S A N P E D R O 3 4 1 - 5 5 7 1 E x t . 3 o 3 

A N G ELU S F U N E R A L HOM E 
H EN R Y GU S K U A 
I 6o2 W. Houston 
227-«44! 

 jtoutfaffite 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FLORIS 
922-6339 

John M . G runts, Director 

A G U IR R E 
Ramon Carlos Aaulrro, age SS, of 
255 Maplewood Lane, died Friday. 
He was a member of St. Plus X 
Catholic Church, San Antonio Char­ ro Association for S years and at the 
Texas Automobile Dealers Associe 
Hon. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Esther 
Aguirre; daughters, Mrs. Sylvia 
Dom inguez, San Antonia, M rs. 
Diane Juergens, Houston, Tex.; brother, Mtouel Aguirre. Monter­ rey, M exico; sister, M rs. Colla 
Reyes, Sos Antonio, grandchildren, 
Lori Dominguez, Bob Dominguez, 
Donna Dominguez, San Antonio. 
Jasu n Juergens, Jen n afo r Ju e r ­ gens, Houston, T ok. Rosary Mon­ day evening at 7; 3o In the Georgian 
Chapel OI the »»erter Loring Mor­ tuary and M ats Tuesday morning at IO o'clock al St. Plus X Catholic 
Church. Pallbearers Officers and members of the Son Antonio Charro 
Association 
Dr. Raul E. Gaong, 
Jose R Gallegos. Armando J. Gar­ za, David Hernandez, Donald L. 
Lazzarl, Socrates Ramirez. Honor­ ary Pallbearers: Col. John U Hair, 
Joseph R. Gonzales. Interment in 
Sunset M em orial P a rk . A rra n ­ gements with 

Porter L o rin g 
1 lo t McCullo u g h 2 2 7 *2 2 1 

H ER N A N D EZ 
Mr. Bmllio G Hernandez. 1o4o John 
Page Dr., born In Encin al, Tex. 
Sept. IO, 1929 entered rest Wed ne* day, Dec. 29, 197* at Hie o w of 47 years. Mr. Hernandez hod been a resident of San Antonio tor 4o years 
Rosary will be recited in the Ma* 
Martinez Chapel Sunday Ja n . 2, 
1977 at 7 3o p m Requiem Mass will be ottered Mondo* Jon. 3, 1977 at 
9:15 a.rn. from Our Lad y of 
Guadalupe Catholic Church. 1321 El 
Paso St. with Rey. Edmundo Ro­ driguez S J officiating. Concluding services will follow in Port Sam 
Houston National Cem etery with full m ilitary honors. Su rvivo rs: 
Wile, Mrs. Evelyn G. Hernandez; mother. Mrs. Ramona G. Hernan­ dez; daughters. Miss Naomi Grace 
Hernandez. Miss Oebra Ann H er­ nandez; sons. John Anthony O., 
Roland G.< Gabriel J., Paul J. and 
Christopher G. Hernandez; fitters, 
M rs. T eresa H ern an d ez, M rs. 
Juanita Hall, Mrs. G loria E. B r i­ seno; brothers. Gabriel Hernandez, 
Jr., Teodocio Hernandez, Jesse J 
Hernandez. S e rvic e s under the direction of 
Mux M artinez 
M I S W Merlin 
227-4281 

A i £ RO D RIQ U EZ 
FUNERAL HOMS 

PvD-Nsad A rran g em e n ts 

511 G u o d o t u p * S t. 
226-6111 

GEORGE HUGHES MOTORS 
Is proud to announce the ap­ pointment of Gory Lessing as our I 
Sales Monaper. Gory was formerly : 
Assistant Vice President of Con­ sumer Banking at First National 
Bonk for 9 years and also in the i some position at Main Bonk and 
Trust tor 3 years. He invites his friends and new customers to coil I or come by and soy hello. 
O G o r g e H u g h e s M o t o r s 
6 2 2 6 S a n P e d r o 
3 4 4 - o 1 3 8 

A RM STRO NG 
E ET ' Mrs Violet M ay Armstrong, age 88. of 1624o San Pedro Ave. pasted away Friday, Dec. 31 In a local ho­ spital Mem ber ol the Method!*! 
Church, and Rovol Neighbor* of 
America. Son Antonio resident I year*. Survivors: Daughter. Mr*. 
Thelma H alflev of Son Antonio; three grandchildren and ten great grandchildren Remains will lie in stale a l M ission P a rk F u n e ra l 
Chapel until IO;OO p m. Monday. 
Jan 3. Funeral services and inter men! will be hi Ponca CHV, Okla. 
Arrangements bv 

W M ISSION P\K K l l 
FUNBBAL CHAPELS 
J J 
1 7oo S E Mttitory Dr 
^ 
—■—----- 
B A L T Z E R 
Mr*. Lassie M. Battier, of 4*44 BKI 
Volley Or . died Friday Survivors 
Husband. David B attier) sisters, 
Eunice Arrington, Billie Marchetta; mother, Mr*. Mary notcher, all of 
Tampa. FIO. Arrangement* when completed wilt be announced by frater Loring 
I tot McCullough 227 *721 

.iii; 
THI WARMTH OF 
PERSONAL ATTENTION. 

P o r t e r Lo r in g 
MORTUARY 

11o1 M cCullough 227 8221 

72 GRAN P R IX 
Cleon! 5189S. OSS 5 
Loaded, V7#ry 

73 G RAN TO RINO 

Take over payments, no eauty. call 
John Sllmp 349-6948 
GRAN TORINO 7 i. Orig. owner, must sell Cleanest In town, distress ole, sacrifice. 826 /SSO. 
72 G R EM LIN . 4 cyl , excellent run- nmg cond 1VM) 4S3-IoI9. 

75 G R E M L IN X 
Toke over payment*, no equity, call 
John Shmo. 349-6948 
N at Is StUteg Quality 
Used Cars Prom Our Rental Fleet 
<1975 U SED ) 
1331 SOUTH T ER M IN A L 
For Into; mal,go Coll: 426-9445 
HORNET H Wagon 6 cvl , stana , power, radio, air Looks and runs uotxr 52ooo 684 3766_______________ 
73 IMPALA CUSTOM 
CO U PE. V-B, oulo air, power. 34*4oo miles ....................................... H IM 
JAM ISO N Mfr*. Seguin 223 52o1 

*5 M USTANG I owner Clean, geed cond. 5695. 2265224; 3444)979. 
68 
M U S T A N G 
VB sta n d a rd , 
I owner, *975 494-2323 
MU5+ S E L L I '72 PO N TIAC Oran 
Ville Pull power, good cond Coll: 
Pita from * p.m. lo I p m : 434-9127. 
NOVA ‘72 Air, rodlo, looded. Dunlap moos. 51o5o 69o 1123. 
NOVA. 4-door, auto . AM-FM, 
13895. 734-3221; 733-9167 
NOVA SS 3-spead stick, air, power, 2o,ooo mi. Im m a cu la te ! 
5285o. 732 3441 eves. 
72 OMS Cutlass Supreme 
2-Door hordtop Chorei carl 
. 51495 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FO RD W EST SID E 
47o7 W Commerce 433 14*4 
'TS o l d s c u t l a s s m F Pea with white swivel bucket*. AM-FM lope radio, vinyl lop 23,ooo ml. Steal at 
538So 661-1261 wee*gov* til 5 JO 
'47 O LD S Delta 88^ good motor, bro*. 1st. 5395 732-3824 

72 IM P A L A , 4-door, air, power, oulo , vary cloon $1695 492-9217 

72 LTO. 2 BOOR 
Auto., air. baht blue with durk blue roof Vary low mile*,ae Uke now! 
.............................................. 52389 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SO UTHSID E 
19o1 >.W Military 922 *317 

'74 OLDS Delta SI Royale, 4-door. 
Low mileage, below book value. 
22*4)92o ask for Alan, San Marcos, 
<1)392-94)8 
_________________ 
75 O LD S 88, 4 door 24,ooo ml. 
333-789o >-* p.m.___________________ t i O LDS 96 Lllce car att power, cruise 5375o 
252o BROADW AY 224-o291 

*9 M A L IB U C o u p*, nicest any where *)o9S *41 3o94; 6*i-*t«i 
* n m **.\ j t i Malibu 2 
CHANCE TR 
2-dr , 224-4954 
FIN A N C E TRA D E or CASH 
'47 M A LIBU ? Power, air, restored 
51o95 or best otter 828-4718_______ 
71 M A LIBU VI, standard, air Me c h an lc a llv sound, ex tra cloon. b?4 ‘,6'B leo vt- nome and 
73 M ARK IV must SOHI 
S4495. 
Locoed 
349 1o43______________ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ 
7 S Murk (lf. Loaded. 53o6 mile* Bv o w n Coll *84-o383 
•74 M A RK HTToodrn • odTai* U l t ! or best otter. 828-4718 
71 M ARK IV Looded 35 OOO ml., excellent. SSE7S. 458 3856 
|7 4 M A R K IV L o o d e ^ li^ ^ ^ n ^ moon roof. 
56695 
433-4627 or| isliJ££i5555H55H5HH55H ll M ARK l k White with burgundy leather mierlor. iv o r y option ex copt sunroof. I ow nor. l i i H . 
126 2331, ewer 6 p.m.; I-625-6 W 
•i'mAUK IV. Whit, rd excellent Mu*! sell 481 o199 
76 M A v E P 'C fir 18oo Cai! ofter 6 pm. 653 o224 

75 MAVERICK 4ooo8 
Auto . glr. looded 4 cyl.. I HMM green with dark green reef. Extra doom 
. . ......... 
52189 
H E M P H ILL M CCO M IS 
FORD SO UTHSID E 
1V I1 i W MiUio- y 922-6317 
75 M g ,» rK l J af. 6 stand 
H m T , extro clean 52458 533-3378 
I 
74 M A V E R IC K . Excellent cond 
Kidded 12*95. 341-1344 otter 5. 
72 M A V E R IC K power, air/ 
512oo 824 4849 or 922 9242 
12 M ER C U R Y cougar,"white-Mud 
Loadrd air shacks, mag wheels 
48.o66 mi. 51*66. 5S66 S. New 
B rountrli. I J J 13oo 

 m e r c u r y M arquis looded Radials, CB. 51995 
T T T f i 
4*4 7o7* la st. 

72 M ER C U R Y Morqu’s Brouunom 
4-dr. hardtop, dark blue. Steel radials, low mi., extra clean. 51695 
(O R) A 72 PORO. VO. 4-dr, Cue tem 
SOA. Agla., oft, Barrer Cleans joed 

 ny cond 51195 Must sell one) 464 841 
71 M E WY U » v (AA ROU IS t m 
Pork Station Wogon. All th* extra* 
S B r a n a n v w t t r n lS jlJlt iV i- - 
75 M ER C U R Y Monarch Oh, 
Iv equipped, I owner, very law nu 
Like new 54295 Will lr goo. 923-2o63- 
71 M ER C U R Y , I owner, 2-dr Mon torey 
2s oo6 mi . excetteM shape 
- 
- 
47 M ER C U R Y Station Wagon E 
Vo our, ceilent Cleon New tire*. Owner 
56o5 349-729$. 
7$ M O N A R C H 
AM PM stereo cheogi Cen Mort* 222 6411 
7 O'MON F e C A R LO . I lh* new 
51766 or will Ired* for big Wogen 
922-8896 ~ 
M ONTE ' ^»i-o 
74 mony extra* low m il**, e x tra d e a n 

^ 
T n r 
. 
- s n 
T 
. 
Kurm iiiU 
*6 M u I t ANG. A ir, I frock I ais* play er 
£2. stand. 468-1675 ofter 6 18 

4 CVI., 
IU 947 

*7 VU I TANO CLASSIC 
„ aul*, Mr l i m 732 5316; 

 oeiux. rn V* -En factory air, Ml Rawer immaculate i n t l . H L .e ? l 
'74 M USTANG 2-door 
H oraloo lake over payment*, no equity John Sllmp, )4* 4946 
74 MUSTANG ti 
C O U PE. 
4 cylinder, aul* newer ........... 
52995 
J AM. SOHM:irs, t e iiw rn 
74 M USTANG i i GHIA VS. must 
N i t “ M il T“ -~ *58*8881, 444-6445 

7 4 P in to 3 D oor R u n a b o u t 
5235o, Sun Root, Air, Vinyl Roof 
AM PM, Stereo 8 Track, Tope Bv- tfllynt Condition 65^6^66__________ 
75 PINTO RUNABOUT 
2-Door ......................................52*95 
H EM P H ILL MCCOMBS 
PORO W EST SID E 
47o9 W Commerce 433 14*4 
74 PINTO RUNABO UT 
Attle alf l i m . 349-24/4 
72 P IN T O Runabout, by owner. 
Standard. 32,6oo ml. Now liro t. 
5122o 533-1523 ofter J p.m. 
•TS P in t o wogen. 4-*p-r-.o#w nil'., extra dean tw io 533-337o 
71 P in t o WAGON 
AutomotU Shorn1 coll 341 3933 

■ 
75 PINTO Wagon 
Tok* over payment* no faulty. Coll jonn Slims,, 149 69*8 
IL,'o1 V M d n tu 
44 PLYM O UTH BMveder* 
Loodttd Con 341 3933 
7 PLYMOUTN DUSTER 
I new, full warranty . . 
62495 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
PORO W B S T SID E 
47o7 w Commerce 43)16*4 
78 PLY M O U T H Fu ry, V I. #ttta., power, factory air. S49S. will trode. 
*23 2*63 
_________________ _ 
'7o P L Y M O U T H . "I O w ner, a ir, power. Exec Hen! condition. 51o99 

 p T v & j 't H loaded witn extra* 
° 
___ 

 fla x fJortinfZ 

 offering 
Fre-Arranged fuoersF Ceefrert*, 
Funerol Insurance Policies 
227-6281 

 bl I, ,|L DmoL GR *____ 
F2vfIR f i l l ^N©gpeP^Mg 

734-3313 
Cli8|Nt^ HTH fllimortot o8f #98$ 
655-641 I 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

FU N E R A L C H A P E L S 

818 NOETH MAIN AVINUE 
226*72o1 

B E N E F IE L D 
Mr. Donidl Lumer IBenefield, 53. of 
1219 Santo Barbara St., died Dec 
3o Mr. Benefield was born Fob ll, 
1923 in Houston. Tax Survivors: 
Mother, Mrs M ary E. Benefield; sisters, Groce Hawkes and Audrey 
King, all of San Antonio, Carolyn 
Pou lin, 
A n ch orag e, 
A la s k a ; brother, E. O Benefield, San An­ tonio; numerous nieces and ne­ phews. Services IO a.m. Monday 
Ja n u a ry 3, R oy Ak ors Fu n e ra l 
Chapels, Rev J. Howard Smith of­ ficiatin g . In te rm e n t R oselaw n 
Memorial Park ll friends so desire contribution* may ba mode lo lh* coomy of men- choice 

" ■ Q s f l k A ' W 

816 No- K b *" 
2*6-7*o1 

Tit S. I 
S r a n h t b t U 

M i l i t a r y Dr 

T IN E R 
Mr. prone John Tilter, 97, pf 255 
Cliffwood Dr., (Med Ja n u a ry Isl 
Resident of San Antonio I* year* and member Jefferson Church of 
Christ. Survivor* 
Sons. Hugh M 
Tilter, Long Beach, Calif., Arthur P. 
Tiner, Kopperl, Texas, Lane H. 
Tilter, Adkins, Texas, Ja m e s R. 
Tlner, San Antonio, Kenneth W. 
Titter, Corpus Christi, Texas. Frank 
T ilte r. 
P ta co n tla , 
C a lif.; daughters. Mrs. W. C (Edna) Burk, 
Mrs. Carf (Mam ie) Dement, both of 
San Antonio, Mrs. Wan (Lolo) wit 
Corpus Christi, Tuxos; sisters, 
Mrs. Atte* Doolittle, Mr*. Florence 
Currie, Mrs. Minnie Rupert, all of 
Sa* Antonio, Mrs. Mattie Hocker. 
CaiH ; brother. WaHer Tilter. 
San 
M arcos. 
Texas; 24 grandchildren; TI greatgrandchll dren; 2 groot-great-grandchtldrert; numerous nieces and nephews; 
Services 2:3o p m Monday January 
3rd al Roy Aker* Funeral Chapels. 
Mr Prank J. Dunn officiating, in­ term en t C o n crete C em etery, 
L a y e rin g , Texas. P a llb e a re rs : 
C h arlie Stone, Jim m y S tan ley, 
Franklin Tilter, Bob Tiner. Lyle 
Edwards, Alan Wilson, 
Richard 
Tiller. 

" T ^ f J k E A A 

B JS Jjo . M jH i 
?26-72o1 

923-7523 

R O P E R 
Mr*. Etta Poster Roper of Son An­ tonio died December 29th. Resident of San Antonio 5o yr*., member of th# Methodist Church. Survivor* 
Son. C. W. Roper, LaVernia, Tex. 6 grandchildren and 2 great grand children Graveside services and interment I: IS p.rn Tuesday Ja n ­ uary 4th., Pf. Sam Houston Notional 
Cemetery. 

S U N S E T S 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 82o-2811 

IN G LE 
M r. Rudy M. Ingle, el 219 Hawth­ orne, passed away Dec 3o, 1974 in a local hospital at tho age of SO years. 
Survivors. Sisters, Beatrice Ingle , and Mrs. Sieve (Angle) Sanchez; niece, Mr* Robert (Arleen) Perez; < grand nephew, Robert Steven Pe rec. Rosary will be recited 6:o6 p.m. 
Sunday at Brookehitl Chapel. Fu­ neral procession will depart 
Bokehlll Chapel at 9:45 a.m. Mon­ day for a 1o:oo a m. Mass al SI. 
Lea's Carbolic Church. Intorment will follow In San Pornando No. 2 
Cemetery Arrangements with 

 ir a a k t h iU 
711 S. E. Military Dr. 
923 7523 

RU IZ 
Mr Paul P. Rulx, age 64, of 7*o W 
Mayfield Blvd., entered Into rest 
Thursday. Dec. JO, 197* Survivors 
W ife , M rs. M ag d alen a R u iz; 
Slaughters, M ary Lou Williams ol 
Su garlan d and Angelito V e ra ; step-son. Ju a n Pablo Gutierrez; brothers, Luis P Ruiz and Jose P 
R u iz ; siste rs, Jo te to G u e rra , 
Pied ad De L a Rosa and A lice 
Trevino; five grandchildren. Ro­ sary service wilt be held Monday evening of 7:3o p m. al th# Palm 
Heights Chapel Funeral services will depart Tuesday al 9:15 a.rn followed bv o Funeral Mass al 9:4$ a.m. al St Clar# Catholic Church 
Interment will follow al Port Sam 
Houston National Cemetery. Arron yemen I* with 

Palm 

1711 So. Zartom ora 
924-434* 

K O O LER Y 
M rs. L lllit R. Koolerv. el 536 W. 
Hermosa, died Doc. JO. Resident of 
San Antonio ST yoars, member of 
Catholic Church. Survivors: Hus­ band, Albert P. Hootery, Son An­ tonio; step-sons, R. B Daniel Jr., 
Arthur Leonard Daniel, both of Son 
Antonio; sister*, M rs Mob*) P. 
K en d rick, Po n tiac, M ich ., M rs. 
B e rn ice W Crow, W aco, Tex several nieces and nephews. Ro­ s a ry w ill be re cited 7.3o p.m. 
Sunday. Jan. 2, Roy Akers Funeral 
Chapels. Dr. Soon Burk# officiating. 
Moss 1:45 p.m. Monday. Jon X St. 
Joseph's Catholic Church Down­ town, with Rev. John Wagner, Cele­ brant interment Pl. sam Houston 
National Cemetary. 

- Q l f l k x n * 

816 Ho- M ain 
22S-72QI 

SAHN 
M r. W lllla Sohn, age Ti. passed away Dec 31 in New Braunfels 
Survivors include two daughters 
-Mrs. 
Glenn 
Isabel! 
I rls of New Braunfels, Mrs Bernell 
Hoffmann of San Antonio; three sisters. Mrs. Hilda Rothe of New 
Braunfels, M rs Lindo Hitter! at 
Converse, Mr*. Alvina J on os of New 
Braunfels; three grandchildren; one great grandchild and nu mer ou* niece* and nephews. Services will be held at J p m Monday In the 
First Protestant United Church of 
Christ in New Braunfels with Dr 
Friedrich Rest officiating Burial will be in Comal Cemetery in New 
Braunfels. 

BU C K N ER 
Mr* Ina M. Buckner, age IO, of Son 
Antonio, died Thursday She wa* a member of St P o u rs Eplscopat 
Church. Survivors Host of friend* 
Se rvice M ondoy of I JO In tho colonial Chapel of the Porter Loring 
Mortuary, the Rev John F Daniels otfietatlne Interment in Roselawn 
Memorial Park. Arrangements with hider Loring 
I io i M cC u llo u g h 227-8221 

Merchandise 
Mart 
Call 

Coll 22 5-166 6 

IM ~r VBtrtl DI recurs 

 ir u a k t h U i 
711 t.s . Military 
923-7523 

( M i f i l l * 
W H Frederick tour* Rd. *94-711), fir ll^ r ra t 
MOOS. W W 
Whit# Rd 337-44o3 

S a i n t 
3711 S*. lo r 

KRISCH 
Edgar W Hr tach of * sou rn died on 
Dec. 3o al age o4 Survived bv. J daughters, W in ifre d Kutzchen cauter of San Antonio. Miss Evelyn 
Hr itch. Oklahoma City. Ok ; J sons. 
Julius Krtsch, Oklahoma City and 
Horry Rubbright of Tennessee. 2 step-daughters. Mrs Reed Brachial of Seguin. Mrs. Anita Wommock of 
New Braunfels. 2 brothers. Claude and George Krtsch, both of Sea An­ tonio, 3 sisters, Mrs. Jutto Hover- stock of P tar Ida, Mrs Edna Kark of 
San Antonio. Mr*. Gotdt* Allen of 
Conroe. Tex. Services Monday Jan 
3 at 2 oo p.rn . Goetz M em orial 
Chapel in Seguin with burial in the 
San Geronimo Cemetery in Seguin. 

SALAS 
Leopoldo Salas, age SO, of 1443 Pe­ rez St., passed away Dec. 31, 1976 in a local hospital Survived bv wife 
Luz Sola*, son*. Joe A and Cortot 
M. Solos, daughter, F ran cisco 
Quintain, sister, Cella S 
Montes U grandchildren, 19 great grandchll dren. Rosary will be recited Sunday 
7 :3o pjn. OI lh# Mission Funeral 
Home 21o4 W 
Commerce St., Fun eraI services Witt depart Monday 
12-3o p.m. followed bv Requiem 
Mo** at SI Ago** Catholic Church interment will be in Son Fernando 
Cemetery No 2. Arrangement* with ii) 

M ISSION P\HK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S i Military Or 

 t i l —De e tbs 

TOW NSEND 
Mr. Jim Henry Townsend. Sr., age 
*8. al 419 Stonewall, passed away 
Friday, December JI, 1974. Born in 
Colorado County, Texas, Mr. Town send resided In San Antonio 41 year*. Survivors: Sons, Rev. Jhn H 
Townsend. Jr., Phillip E. Townsend. both of San Antonio; daughters, 
Mr*. Evelyn Riley at New Braun tats. Mrs. Lots Ormond. Mr*. B a r­ bara Broodaway, bota of San An­ tonio; brothers, Edgar Townsend of 
Brazo ria, Luther, How ard and 
Je t** Townsend all at San Antonio; 
Stators, Mr*. Moggie M cC ray al 
B ra z o ria , M rs. Annie B e ll af 
Gonzales. M rs. L u cy O 'N eal of ivllte; 13 grandchildren; 4 great grandchildren 
Services. ti OO a .zn Tuesday at the Southside Fun erat Home Chapel, interment, Fa ir­ view Cemetery In Wilson County No 
Precession la cemetary. Direction of fto u tftsib e 
33o1 S. Hor** 
♦22-6539 

VA VALA 
Mrs. June M. Vavata. 49, 1o322 Inns 
Dr., died Dec. 36, 197*. Member 
Holy Spirit Catholic Church Su r­ vivors: Husband, Prank P. Va Volo 
Sr.,- daughter. Mr*. Robert M. (P a ­ tricia) Coffey. San Antonio; sons. 
Frank P. Vuvoio, Jr., San Antonio. 
Michael C. Vavala, Huntsville; par­ ents, Mr. and Mrs • Fred C. Whim*, 
Hobson, brother, O. J. Hooks, Hob­ son; two grandchildren; numerous nieces and nephews. Rotary I JO p m. Sunday. Holy Spirit Catholic 
Church, 758 W. Ramsey Rd Mass IO a.m. Mondoy. Holy Sui rn Catholic 
Church. Row. Robert P. Kownacki, celebrant. Pa llb e are rs: C harlie 
Brawn. Daniel Gonzalez, Dory Pe­ terson, Kenneth Holtsclaw, John 
Dlltmun Lout* Welnheimer. Honor­ ary pallbearers: Frank P Allen. 
F re d W 
A llen , W ayn e D aig le , 
Robert A Coffey, Emolovet of Allen 
Electric Co., Coaches and Staff of 
Robert O. Cele High School inter­ ment Holy Cross Cemetary. Arran­ gements bv 
23z Ik-Keams 
Dpwnine hh Ciaugtwriy 

1323 N. Si. Mary's 
337-32o* 

V IL L A R R E A L 
Mr. Crispin B Villarreal, age 44, of 
IM Langford Place, passed away 
Wednesday. Dec. 29, tty*. Born in* 
San Antonio, M r VIHorreal wa* member of ta# Catholic Faith He is survived bv his wife, Mrs Pruden- cta V illarreal end two brothers, 
Arturo Villarreal ond Louie Vklor real, all of San Antonio; several nieces and nephew* Rosary, 7 JO p m Sunday at the Southside Fun­ eral Home Chapel Moss: I OO p rn 
M onday at SI. Loo t C ath o lic 
Church, interment. San Pornando 
Cometary Direction of 

 fto u fttftte 
8 6 o 1 S Flores 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 

L A U R E L 
Mr Arturo Laurel, of *27 W Wood­ lawn. died Doc 31, 1976 at ta* ag# ol 
Si. Survived by brothers, Adelberto 
L au re l, this c ity , and 
A ntonio 
Laurel, Jr . a* Laredo. Texas; sis­ ters, Mrs. Roman (Brm od ed l L. 
Martinez. Alice. Texas. Mrs Ivor 
(Elm ira) L. Gilbert, Colttornta, and 
Mrs. Agoptto (NM M ) L Martinez, several nephews ond Maces. Ro tory will be recited tonight at 7 3o p.m. of ta* Trevino Funeral Homa and a Requiem Mats will be ottered on Mondoy of I p m at St Ann'* 
Catholic Church. Burial win ba al 
Holy Cross Cem etery under th* direction al 

SAUCED O 
Mr Marta Saucodo 1921 Sac ram en to St., born in San Antonio, Tex 
Nev 22. 1944 entered rest Friday 
Doc. It. 1*74 at lh* ag# of JO years 
M r Soucedo had been a lifetime resident of Son Antonio Rosary win be recited in th* Max M artinet, 
Chapel Sunday Jon. 2, 1977 at 7 JO p m Requiem Mas* will be offeree 
Monday Ja n 3, 1977 al I OO p rn from SI M ary Magdalen Catholic 
Church 171o Clower St with Rev 
M tgr Jo tn Matocha Concluding services will tallow in San Fernando 
No. 2. Survivor* son. Mario Saucedo 
J r . ; titte rs, M ercedes Saucedo. 
Otolio S. B e c e rra . Salom a S 
Salazar, Carolina S. Cortez. Slyvia 
S. Rut! of San Antonio. Nora Benitz of San Diego, Calif, Sarah 5 Rein 
Of North Carolina, brother*. Rudy 
Saucedo of San Diego. Calli. Jesse 
M. Jr., Henry. Richard, and Robert 
Saucedo of Son Antonio Services under th* direction of 

H lax m artinez 
2o1S W M ortal 
227-8281 

W ELLS 
Robert W Well*, age 43 years, of 
HOHvwood Park. died Dec ll, 197* in a local hospital 
He w o* a member of Coker United Methodist 
Church, Hollywood Pork Volunteer 
Fire Deal ond ta# Control Pork 
Little Leoeue Assn. S u rviv o r* 
Wit*. Mr* Margaret L. Wells son* 
David W „ Joel R and Robert L 
Welts, daughter, Miss Rebecca L 
Wells, all of San Antonio, tother. 
William A. Wells of Oneida. N V ; several uncles ond mints Service* 
Monday J JO p m of Coker United 
Methpdist Church with the Rev G 
Robert G rim es officiating P a ll b e a re rs ; Tom Law hon. R u th 
Courtney, i d G ro h am . L o r r y 
Christian, Harvey Kutac ond Hugo 
Stem Honorary pottbeorer* win be all member* of the Hollywood Pork 
Volunteer Fire Dept interment in 
Mission Burial Park North Those desiring mo* n o n memorial con tr(button* to Cukor United Meta odist Church. Arrangement* with 

H u m t 

 f t * t IN D U S 

7o PLYMOUTH SATELLITE 
2-Ooor. hardtop jnaro cor' . 11691 
H EM P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD W EST SID E 
4/o/ W. Commerce I J J 14*4 
*4 Plvmouth vFCrooa Motor, lieeds 
Bruke and Transm ission W ork. y iO JM ftw rim 

►onboc*T^fitanneviHc BROUGHAN 
6 OOO mile* 565oo 49? 2414 
PONTIAC. Catalina. '66 4-ir. hard- 
S 

, att pawer. Very clean» Frivol*. 
% 412 *216 
'f f p O t i K K T ATALIN A---- 
Immaculate! Now 

W W f n r ? 5 r u . . Safari wagon. 
B P * cond 13466 4)13 4o3o 
49 PO N TIA C OTO, l it sp*ed, int- mocutato. coll 924 5426_____________ 
HS P O N TlAC lem an *, f-eoutlfui cor in outstanding cor,amor; Sliver with block top 19JOO ml Ah. AM 

T REV IN O PUNN £ AL HUM E 
224 Capple* 
434-659} 

M ED IN A 
Mr. Isidro Medina Sr . 129 Fourth 
St., Apt A. bern in Son Marcos, 
Tex., M ay IS, 1932 entered rest 
Prickly Dec ll. 1974 ol the age of 44 year*. Mr. Medina had bean a re­ sident el Son Antonio tor 4 year*. 
Rosary Witt be recited in the Max 
Martinez Chattel Sunday Ja n 2, 
1977 pl I IC a jn Requiem Must will be offered Mender Jan 3, 1977 at 
2 3o p,m Iron. St Timothy Catholic 
Church ISIS Sattttle St. Concluding services will tallow in San Fernando 
Cemetary. Survivors: wife, Mrs 
Maria L Medina, daughters. Mary 
M arth a M ed ina, M a r y D ian a 
M edina, M eitnda M edina, sans, 
Isidro Jr . Rtvnaldo. M erlin and 
Ernesto Medina Service* under lh* direction of 

A a x f l la r t u u z 
2 oIS TV. FAartai tl7 - 8 M I| 

M o r r is o n 
Mrs Dottle Morrison, eg* *1, of Star 
Rout*. Poteet, passed amor taler day, Jon I. in a local hospital Na live ol Cleburne, termer resident et 
San Antonio and Poteet resident I years Survivors Daughter. Mr*. 
Corol Gould of Kyle, spa. Centon 
B Morrison of Poteet; staters, Mrs. 
S P Smith el Pf. Worth, Mr*. F. C 
Stark* of Mmerai Watt*, ond Mr* 
I . J Spence of B o ll v in e , two grpno, tutor en. Dennis B. Utter and 
Melt*xq ta rn *# * Funeral Services 
Witt be conducted in Mission Park 
Funeral Chattel of I i i p m. Mon day, Jan. I, with Rev Bill Henry officiating interm ent In Mission 
Burial Pork Arrangement* by 

SMITH 
I Mr O aor ae te e Smith of 357 W. 
Mayfield, passed away Dec. ie. 197* a taco) hospital al lh* ag* et 71 
[ year* Survivors WM*. Mrs Lucy 
Boll* Smith, sisters, M rs M yrtle 
Lukoslk, Pleasanton. Tea., M r*. 
Mot ga ret Bowmen. Son Antonio; brother. M r. Be gan * B Sm ith; numerous rneco* one) nephews. Mr. 
Smith also tao va* a noel of friends. 
Services will be hold Tuesday. Jon 
4, 1977 at 1:6o p m of lh* Breek etal! 
Chapelt with burial to follow et Ro­ selawn Cem etery, Rev. Brothers officiating Arrangements with 

U r u o k ib il l 
711 S. B. Military Dr 
933-7S23 

From our Funeral Home 
.. burial at Sunset or any other cemetery 
SUNSET 
Memorial Park 
Funeral Home 

1 TOI A USI rn Hwy 
82B-2o11 

Right now it o good tim e 

 lo ask fo r our booklet 

 ll t free Just phone 
227-3136 

Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

 l i l t to. bt. Mary I 

IU —Cemeteries- 
Baria! Lets 

STA C EY 
Col Harold Door ga Stacey M o , U. 
S Army Rethad of 522 River Ooh 
Or . Don V illa y*., died December loth ie Sen Antonio. Su rvivo rs; 
Wit*. Mrs Peon Wounitta Stacey, 
Donvnie, VO Doughier Mrs Jeon 
Gore. Abilene. Tex. Son. Richard 
Stacey. San Antonio Sister. Mr* 
Je a n A nth ony, Pottstow n. Po. brothers, Robert Stacey. Albuauer quo. N M. Mea . David Stacey. M o techie. N J. Memorial Service* 9: ie a rn Sunday January 2nd Sunset 
Funeral Home with Choptam James 
Thompson officiating Interm ent wilt follow OI F I Sam Houston Na i nonet Cemetary ut a taler data ll friend* so deair* contribution* may 
I bo mod* Ie the Solvation Army 
S U N S E T ^ 
17o1 Austin Hwy 8282811 

 ll IVN it Morv ‘ SI af Brach Iva. 

W IN T E R S 
R o b e rt A. W in te rs , 72, 727 W 
French P l, died Jan 1, 1o77 He wo* a refired employe* of io u tor stain * 
S u rv iv e rs : 
W ife , 
M r* 
Ruth 
Winfers; sisters. Mrs. Alvin Ber set, 
Shiner, Tax . M r*. W olf Griffith. 
So tao Cruz, Col ; several nieces and nephew*. R osary 7 oo p rn 
Sunday. lin k Kearns Chapel Hon­ orary pallbearer*, Robert Meek*. 
Edward Sr hr ether Del W ortham , 
Sr., C. H Mc Ivor, B. O Ottck. Dr C. 
B Pinson, P. L. M anny, A lbert 
Meek*. Graveside Bervie** 12 3o p rn. Monday, Sunset M em orial 
Park Arrangement* by 
Zizlk-Keams 
PBn Uw -ffrCtatahwiv 
132* H. 8*. Mary * 
327-25o* 

 m n m « 

 i : 

M I S H O E P \ K K 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
TOO S I m o o r, Or. 

 tahowa C 
AP 
I I I ll 

FM star OO 
877 9Q4) mags. power 

O O U BL* Crypt. Sunset Memorial 
Mausoleum Writ# Pierce. B m *12, 
Brock Offutt!*. Tex** 78833 

*6 fO N ViAC New V I lotfo ry air, I 
I lr OO* 97) 28*3 
“ "TT p o n T 

 air, (ta* new S t^ L Witt 

 r u e s a f a r i w a g o n * unmet violet Leaded 52495 364-5797 

• * j P O N T I A C ik y c h ie f Auto , power steering, broke* New radio 

AM. ll uudad 
54888 COW 49| 1773_______________ 
75 PONTIAC Ventura holcnbdci, 

Ti 
L* !? 5 n 7 
./JU I, ode >« 7 atman."!...,, ,i.m> ,x ni*--i>iiiaawoWtWsmx 
H i AC ■ 
Hatchback 
...... 

VENT 

“ L I S I 
74 PONTIAC WAGON i new! ............................... 61796 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
F O B B W EST SID E 

 tam IBI 
4 Of) din ho Of MMU!'- tory. ttoiiiyTMil H K. 
_ 

W E BU Y S « L L 
U SEO CABS ANO TRU C KS 
K IN N E Y M OTORS 
3928 BKOAOWAV 
126 

2 8 5 - 5 7 3 1 

'- //it 1zLm\ Cauk 9a,mL, 

O P IE L A 
G raff Dan LOO Optata Of 3927 Ports mouth, po Mod away D*e#m*#r JO 
1974 to a local hospital Orovesid* 
Service Monday af IR 88 tt-m *1 
Cottahawa Como fr y Karnes City 
MISSION P\H& 
FUN66Al CHAPELS 

P A L L E N 
Prank Jack Patten, ap* 73, of 4*o3 
Clark Avenue, passed away Friday. 
December ll, 1974 rn a local basal ta i Fun erol service * 2 68 p m 
Mondoy a1 Or ace Lutheran Church 
I Mermen! to tokow in Sunset Ceme­ tary Arrangem ent* bv 

M ISSION P XKK 
FON t i A l CHAPELS 
____________ 7oo SE Mdttaty Or 

PO LLA C K 
M/Sgf Ben Pollock u S Army Ra­ ttra p of 
6867 
B u c k le y , 
Bled 
Decem ber seth Resident el Son 
Antom* 3 veer* M Set Pollock was a vary active ipomber et lh* Men* 
O a r non Ow* el Sen Amenta Sgr aivers WW*. Mrs Mary Jan * Pol tack. Son Aniente Son*. Kenneth 
Starling Peitack, Houston Tex 
Rotter Craig Pollack Dallas. Tex i r ether L eon ard Pollock, Miami, 
Pie Grandson, Chad Starling Pol tack. Houston. Tex M anton*! Sot vices w ar* beld I p m 
F rid a y 
Doc*m e*. 31*1 pi Sun**! Funeral 
M arry Timm* Of ti cia tine and With M ilitary Men ar* in tar rn ant w ilt fallow at P f. Sam 
Houston Notional Cem etery al a 

SUNSET '“.EE 

17o1NidMttWtty 8 2A 2 8 I1 

T 'ti- k . ■ wisi,. I,ii;.fly , 

 i S T g p m r N S tH Reuben Stephen*. S3, 
U- S 
Arm y Retired of D IS Donaldson 
Ave . died D ecem ber 29th . R e ­ nd on) el Son Antoni# 8 ye a rs 
I Member of University Perk Baptist 
I Church. Leesville Led** Ne 246 A 
P 8 A M , Son Antonio Constatory land Scottish RIT* Bo d ies 
S u r­ vivors 
Daughters. Regina Ooh 
Stephens, Robin Ran* Stephens. 
Sons. Randall Craig Stagnant end 
Ronald Paul Stephens All of Son 
Antoni* M ather, M r* L e i* Ste­ phens, Leesville La I brothers ond 
J staler* Graveside services end 
•Mermen! II IS a rn Monday Jan vary 3rd Pf Sam Houston Motional 
Cometary Rev. Jam es M cKee of- hoofing and with 
Pull Military 

519 No M d*" 
2?A> 2oI 

T E JE D A 
M r* Herm Olinda Telodo, of M W 
Harden poised away Doc, ll. 197* to a local hospital al Mw ap* af 24 yggrs. Survivor* include Husband 
Johnny J. Teieoe, daughter*. Le­ tic ia T eiodg, M e in s * T o te d *; lath er. C a rle s P e r o i; m other 
Genet!* Perez; brothers. C arlet 
P o rn Jr . Attgosftne Per#*, David 
P o re !. Bd d ie F e r a l; siste r*. 
Ophelia Vendarvert. Vetonda Pe rot, Rest* Medina. Nora Hernan­ dez, Bttoen Peres. Rosary wMI a* 
I recited el rn* tromehto Chapel al 
7 I* Monday Funerol precession 
WIN depart Mi* hr oat etal' Chapel el 
9 *6 a m Tuesday tar a it OB a rn 
Muss el St Joseph (South Sen; 
I Catholic Church with Pother hi- 

SELL 
OTT 
NOW 

And irs PM Y ’ Ju s t M il u t toddy and r** H pu t yo u r low-cost od In print. 

F o r extra cooh. M il those poH d u b * . . n o w I 

Cafl 225-1666 

 m*M Win tot tow ut Eta Son Per non 
I do Na 2 Comole ry 

UnmkshtU 
Til E. I Military Or. 
*13-7623 

Yoil *11 be MMtted ut tile things you can 
•ell with a Want Ad! 

2213 

You TI be unaaed ai the bargain!! you fin d lo the 
W ant 
Ads! 

Coll 225-1666 

Q: W hat were last year’s top 
IO news events? 

A: W e’ll leave the ranking to yen), hut you’ll find a recap of the top ten events in the news of 1976 on page 34 of The 1977 
World Almanac, following the 9,ooo- entry index. The 
World Almanac captures events, newsmakers, thrilling moments in sports, just about everything you’d care to know about. That's why it’s your hook — on sale now. 

Q :H ow many strikeouts for The 
Bird 
In ’76? 

A: l> tpoit s rookie 
S helling sensation, lark “The Bird” 
Fidrych, talked to 
Quite a few baseballs during the 1976 season and got results. You can find strikeouts, F..R..A., win/loss and more on 
The Bird or any other hurler in The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts. Its the place to look for fascinating facts on sports of any sort, whether its team or individual hatting records, N FL or C PL championships, or complete coverage of the Montreal 
Olympics you seek. lYicea at just $3.25. 
Tile World Almanac is your hook. 

Q: When 

 w a s ^ ^ H 
Bogey bom? 

A. Humphrey Bogart was bom in 189CL 
More facts on thousands of stars of the past and present. 
Academy Award winners and other celebrities may be found in The 1977 
World Almanac —the hook that’s a dozen books in one. Get your star studded 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts today at our public service counter, bookstore, newsstands, super­ markets or wherever quality reading is sold. Also available by mail with the coupon below. Mail orders ack! 6o cents for pos* age and handling. 

Ii 

■ .rjcBafiffiw 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
&BOOK 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 

11 m if f ti iilir 
P i' 
Isl* 

 s c i r 

I 

 id 

 l l 
I!1 

Berkline 2 or 3-pc 
Living Room 

W u uU juJ 

Litton Microwave 
Hare s (.mon s mobs) 414 microwave oven It has a £ 
A big cab trial variable cor* 9 
I mg speed 36 m inute tim er 
™ and morel Reg $449 96 
W W i 

8-Pc. Colonial Dining Room 

I Q ue** 23 diagonal] color. 1 o o % solid stet* with 
Works in e-drewer" Cries s isl £ * t r a bright 
Matrm Plus” pie- turel 

Eorly A mar icon sterna w TtlT^^*® 
AM/PM, FM /Stereo and 8 bracken tape player! 8" d woe one speakers 
Maple color. 

Page 
Sort Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-—-Sunday Jqnuory 2 1977 
Sunday Sale,’77...lt’s Our Largest Sun. Sale,Yet! 

We've brought you some fantastic Sunday Salas, but this has to bo 
S M 

S M H i 
S H f 
JI th e b * 9 9 « *f e r>d bast yet! For our stores had mara stock then aver 
& 
SBB s g t m m 
Bn S^mW 
^B B hE before for tho peak Christmas season . . . and we said more than 
J g u 
| | 
S E ^ * fln H B M v 
I R i M ever, That means mare odds and ends, more broken (groupings, more 
H E 
■ i i i 
Savings to and ever. That means more odds and ends, 
« 

 floor samples, demonstrators, leftover layaways, discant*! and so on! And now, with inventory coming soon, we rn 
B B ll# B IP B stocks as quickly as possible! Come in eady today and 

 the biggest before for tho peak Christmas season i more broken groupings, floor samples, demonstrators, !eft*ovor layaways, discontinued groups must deer our 
_ 
, id save; MWO, > save on just about anything you need for your home! Don't mas it! 
HOURS! 
Savings like 
_ these and ii] Hundreds more! 

Big 84Hece Dining Room! 

Waybill makes tho, fabulous traditional dining room and a's a beau­ ty! Cana back chairs, dual front, lighted china with grille doors, quartsrmatchad labial And look...you gat 6 chairs, table, and china and save oval $1oo1 
*697 

Choose the sofa and loveseat or the sofa, chair and ottoman for our one low sale price! 
Country casual style in soft v ."/I cover in a rich brown color. Buy this group for years of comfort in your family room! 
♦599 
Recliner/Rocker $269 

 i -err 

Vinyl Colonial Family Room 

* 3 9 9 

Choose this popular vinyl family room in two groupings; The sofa with the love- S o lo a n d seat. or the sofa, swivel rocker and 3 tables Either way you save, either way ■nvOnOQI you enioy cozy Colonial styling' 

Or Sofa, 
Rocker, 
3 fables 
*499 

Decorator Clock 

Our gold clock with m atching sconces rn yours at a bar ga in IJ 
Coreless electric Per-* feet weM decor! 
Hog. $59.95 
*17" 

Nowl A solid rock maple dining room you can afford' Not 
4. but 6 chairs, oval table and the l.ghted china, too! Save big' 

Regular *814 

Broyhill 
■ M o b 
Tables 
American Traditional de­ signs by Broyhill rn Chat­ sworth oak finish, with rug­ ged high pressure laminated tops! Your choice of chair- side. lamp or cocktail table. 
Rag. to 
$129... 

Bta rn jk rn a, pictures 

*JI— ■ -J- — tam* wt-oowrft m l der- 
Mona on square 

Zenith TV 

Zenith 23 diagonal color TV with Chro- m a c o lo r ll tu n in g . 
Handsome Mediterra­ nean cabin et, jxtra b rig h t p ic tu r t and dozens of feat jres. 

Wall 
Unit 
Set fNow. buy this antae group of 3 full height wall units for one low price! Pecan fin­ ished vinyl ve­ neer.*399 

 n o g . 
*577 

Reg. $5o9 

Bassett Tables< 
Country Oak style with impressive brass straps for that casual look. 
Choose the rectangular cocktail or die open lamp table, ae shown be­ low A vary good looking aet! 

Your chows of four im ib tacts 
Wort $49.95 

Amm a! prints ie weds all wood rus­ tic frames 
Your choice of four subjects. Save * over half 
Reg $39 95 

Delivery included or you may bring your wagon or pickup! 

Bank American/ 
Master Charge or Lack's credit! 

• L A C K 'S S A N PEDRO 
San Pedro at IH-35 
• L A C K 'S SO U TH SIDE 
93o S.W. Military Or. 

• L A C K 'S NORTHW EST 
4545 Fredericksburg Rd. 
• L A C K 'S CO LISEU M 
943 Coliseum Rd. 

\v TAKE TIME TO 
\ > T \ COMPARE. 

SUPERx for highest quality prescription service...at lowest possible prices. 

PEPSODENT * 
\TOOTHPASTE 
PAPER 
PLATES 
ICE CREA 
HALF GALLON 

SQUARE 

 if ® ® LISTERINE 

V 3 S fE ltt^ \ 
ANTISEPTIC 
14 oz. 
Isisl 

WESTINGHOUSE 
SOFT-WHITE 
LIGHT BULBS 
6o, 75 or IOO 
H § |j w att tw in-pack 

GREAT LASH 
MASCARA 

MAX FACTOR ACTIVE 
MOISTURIZER 

Twice the size for one cent 

TWO BIG PAGES INSIDE! 

 co 
THIS IS IT! 
THE ANNUAL SALE 
YOU’VE BEEN 
FOR 

J? 

HURRY' 

 i*&From Prince MntchnbeM... 
CACHET 
COLOGNE SPRAY 
MIST 
1.7 oz. 

AQUA NET 
HAIR SPRAY 

16 oz. t 

WIND SONG. 
1.8 oz. 
AVIANCE... 

7/8 oz. 

JUST 
WONDERFUL 
HAIR 
_ 
^ 

16 oz. fW YofTH . mJS!NSTEJN\ 

£ » * 

J E* - 

HEAVEN SENT 
EAU DE PARFUM 
SPRAY MIST 
3 oz. 
ULTRA FEMININE 
CREAM 4 oz. 
WITH NATURAL ESTROGEN 
AND PROGESTERONE 

6oo 
VALUE 

1o.oo 
VALUE 
3.6o 

5.75 
VALUE 

OR 

TS 
WWW CMM 

 nf 

^ rn. ii" * 

 w 
3 £ 
\ 
■\ 
I NM *** 

CREPE DE CHINE i Qp . 

_ Save 
EAU DE TOILETTE SPRAY 5 25 
W j 2.25 
1.5 oz. 
VALUE 
CREPE DE CHINE,,* ZOO 
PERFUMED HAND fr BODY VALUE 
LOTION 17 oz. 
WIND & WEATHER 
\ H A N D CREAM 4 oz. 

NEUTROGENA 

ONCE-A-YEAR 
SPECIAL! 

8 bars of famous hypo- allergenic soap. 
ONLY 
95 

ON REVLON 

RAVI OM 

MOIST UA V** 
MIU TOMM _ 
(uaui 

REVU** l f BEVU** 

INTIMATE 
BODY MOISTURIZER 
4.oo 
14 oz. 
VALUE 
MOON DROPS 
SKIN CLEANSER 
16 oz. 
MOON DROPS 
TONER y ^ l6oz 

7 5o 
VALUE 

7.5o 
VALUE 

35 

35 

M f l e 

ON 
DUBARRY 

 r 

(ta*®' ON COTY 

 n: 

* 
* 

ICMMMV' htfvri 

SALLY HANSEN 
A 
-J 
HARD AS NAUS 
CLEAR TINT. SILVER FROST. WITH 
FREE EMERY STICK. 
NUTRI TONIC 
HOME PERMANENT 
NUTRI TONIC 
| £2 
LIFE CONDITIONER • ox. 

.SALLY NANSEN 
A A | 
DRY-KWIK 
88 

MN DU WI* 
(.LMI IVO o*»* ■ 
oNl( JJA? 

W 
5 
KUSI 
HOUY1 UA DOM 

DUAL-PAN 
BLUSHER 
RoSE-8LUSH COLLECTION 
TWO FOR THE PRICE OF ONEI 
WILD MUSK 
BODY COLOGNE 
6 oz. 
MUSK TO LAVISH ALL OVER! 

 k •~ —1 rd gS»j * 
* 

SKIN FIRMING 
LOTION 
IO oz. FOR DRY SKIN 
VALUE 
SKIN FRESHENER 
IO oz. FOR ALL SKIN 
FOUNDATION LOTION 
IO oz. 
CLEANSING CREAM 
• oz. FOR DRY SKIN 
NIGft 
XL ♦» — » 
NIGHT C R EAM S, 
SO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 

MAYBELUNE 
GREAT LASH 

Reg. Destain Skin Care 1o o z ......... 894 

««VoN FABERGE’^N 

‘Rout 
MUK 
S h i n U W p l 
C H E A M 
I 

Moisturizing 
Face Cream 
/T 

ROSE MILK 
SKIN CARE CREAM 
8 oz. 

ROSE MILK 
MOISTURIZING FACE CREAM 
2 oz. 

ON LOVE 

GREAT SKIN 
CLEANSER 12 OZ. 
W ith NMC-12, 12 ingredients which improve your skin. 
Wood hoe. Tigress, Flambeau, 
Aphrodisia 
F » 
SPRAY COLOGNE**, 
* 
VAI .OF 

5o 
ON L’OREAL 
CLEAN & NATURAL 

L’OREAL 
PREFERENCE 
I 
HAIR COLOR KIT i PREFERENCE 
SHAMPOO 

MEDICATED LOTION 
4 oz. 

I REALLY RICH 
| LASH LENGTHENER 
M A SCA R A 

2.5o 
VALU E 

2.5o 
VALU E 
. GLOSSY GEL^^MNN 
V JU M B O TUBE (KASCAK A.... I 
____ 

2oo 
VALU E 

ON ALMAY 
^OJUjOOBKjANT 

ANDREA 
EYEQ’S ace 
SPECIAL 
1|^ 7 
IOO eye makeup 
■[ M i remover pads. 
MOD LASHES 1 o9 
REAL HAIR 
■ 
MOD NAILS 
7 9 

■•J 

BONNE BELL 
HONEST HAIR 
CONDmONER 

ALMAY 
DEEP MIST 
MOISTURIZER 

DEEP MIST 
CLEANSING CR EA M • oz. 

9 4o 
V A LU E 

6 5o 
V A LU E 

CHANTILLY 
HAND Cr BODY LOTION 
17 oz. 
ULTRA RICH 

6 OO 
VALU E 

HAND Cr BODY CREAM to z. 
FOR ROUGH. CH APPED 
SPO TS. 

12 OO 
VALU E 

DEEP MIST 
TONER-REFINING LOTION V A LU E 
12 oz. 
________ 
V . 

MUSK + TRIO 
AM BERGRIS. M U SK 
A N D CIVET OILS. 

San Antonio 
EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 
1977 

RUBBERMAID 
LAUNDRY 
BASKET 

Reg. 
3 98 

RUBBERMAID 
SELF-CLOSING 
WASTE 

RUBBERMAID 
^TOILET BOWL 
BRUSH SET 

RECORD 
SALE it 99 
Big selection of Great Hits! 

8-TRACK 
TAPES 

EA C H 

EACH 

EVER-READY 
METAL 
IRONING 
BOARD 

Adjustable from 25" to 35" high. Rubber capped legs. 
Folds flat for storage. 

99 
Sets of 8 

UNBREAKABLE PLASTIC 
HANGERS 
2 IOO 

H W I 
IS I 

 ffau 'att ( W 

TTT 
IRONING 
^ 
BOARD 

FANTASTIC VALUE 
TAPES 

PAD & 
COVER 

"Texnit", Teflon coated cover with double thick fiberglass pad. 

WHITE 
CANVAS GLOVES 

MEN’S OVER THE CALF 
TUBE SOCKS 
Cotton & stretch nylon. 
One size fits IO to 
15. 

< 

FAMILY PAK 
BRUSH & COMB 
COMBINATION 
Includes 2 hair 
Reg. I 49 brushes, 5 unbreakable combs. 

Reg. 1 49 

AUTO 
SAV 

SAVE NOW! 
PENNZOIL 
A N T IF R E E Z E 

LADIES’ FASHION 
SCARVES 
28" squares in solid 
< 

\ co*or8, Pr’nts ** hand painted decorations. 
Reg 99^ 
EA C H 

LADIES’ A GIRLS’ 
KNEE-HI SOX, 
Solid color 3 different patterns. One size fits 
9 to 11 
• 
Reg 1 2d pair 

< 

PR 

FOOTIETS 
FOOT 
SOX 
< 

 pair 

S t 

 iv v m f 

NO. 2 LEAD SCHOOL 
PENCILS 
Box of 12 

I 

/o\»l 
CRAYOLA 
CRAYONS 

P a ck o f 6 

PAPERMATE 
“ 98” PEN 
< 

Reg. 881 

SPIRAL 
THEME BOOKS 

Seventy IO 54" x 8" sheols. 

< 

 pct 54 MCS? 

SAVE NOW! 
CAT LITTER 

I GALLON 
1o-LB. BAG 

PRESTON! 
WINDSHIELD 
WASHER 
SOLVENT 6oZ 

< 

STP 
GAS TREATMENT 
< 

• o z. 

BOOSTER 
CABLES 

/ 
X 
WM-D 
BIRDSEED it 

5-lb. bog. 

BIRD 
FEEDER 

VAPORETTE 
FLEA 
COLLAR t 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 
1977 

® h 365 TABLETS fix ONE YEARS SUPPLY! 

£3Ks 

\ 
365 TABLETS 
%\ 
ONE YEARS SUPPLY! mr v i t a w i h 

(COMO*I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 1977 
1,11.... 

SUPERx 
MULTIPLE 
VITAMINS 
WITH IRON 

SUPERx 
I 
MULTIPLE 
VITAMINS 

365 TABLETS 
ONE YEARS SUPPLY! 

IL T lP t-t t a m ih s 
"■ '"'"i', —----------------— ------- 
A n to n y SUPERx BRAND 
'p r o d u c t s 
.s Uncomijtjonalty 
GUARANTEED 

 t o v S U w v i m * 

 if you are not completely satisfied - we will return your money. 
COMPARE THE PRICE! 
SUPERx 
----- 
VITAMIN “E” 
^ 
4oo IU. 

SUPERx 

365 TABLETS 
ONE YEARS SUPPLY! 

SAVE 

 ar 

PWB 

SPECIAL OFFER! 
THERAGRAN-M 

IOO tablets with 3o 
FREE! 

SPECIAL OFFER! 
MYADEC 

VITAMINS 

IOO tablets with 3o 
FREE! 

ONE-A-DAY 

V ITA M IN S 
W ITH IRON 
Bottle of 
IOO tablets 

ALLBEE 
WITH C 

MI a 
M rn. 

* 
> y*t 

J 
PTnTn-rmuj^a 
S » * » 5^ 'S «=3 

 nsia Vadrio 

Prescriptions 
Accurately 
Filled 

* v 

OUR PRESCRIPTIONS ARE 
FILLED PROMPTLY BY 
REGISTERED 
PHARMACISTS 

CALL AHEAD FOR FAST 
COURTEOUS PICK-UP SERVICE! 

TRANSFER SERVICE 
LET US TRANSFER 
YOUR PRESCRIPTION 

Your Doctor's prescription belongs to to you...You alone have the right to determine which pharmacy shall fill or refill it 

IF YO U 'VE H AD A PRESCRIPTION FILLED at any other store and would like us to refill it - simply notify our pharmacist - we do the rest... 
CO M PA R E THE SAYIN G S! 

Aim FLUomoe 
AIM 
TOOTHPASTE 1.5 OZ. 

 effeident 

AKIA-SELTZER 

36» 
BRECK 
A S U H H E ^ J V E 

 s h a m p o o I $ oz/; \ Bo u c h e " b o* 

EFFERDENT 
MUMMS 
129 

CONSORT 
HAIR SPRAY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 
I 977 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday January 2 
1977 

1526 Austin Highway 
San Pedro at Bitters 
3o19 West Ave. at Basse 
54o5 Walzem Rd. 
828-5791 
4 9 4 -3 5 4 8 
342-421 I 
653-731 I 

5351 Glenridge at (vers 
684-58o1 

Pecan Valley Dr. at 

Dollarhide 3 3 7 - 6 7 3 5 

612 Walnut, 

New Braunfels 
6 2 5 -7 5 8 6 

1233o Nacogdoches Rd. 
6 5 6 -3 o 3 3 one is 
NEAR YOU! 

Advertising Supplement to the SAN ANTO NIO LIGHT & THE SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS NEW 
VALUE WINNERS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT DURING OUR 

Prices effective thru. . . 
JAN. 8th. 

He want to he your favorite store 

Short and long dresses in a wide as- so; tment of/and 2 piece styles. Easy- care polyester doubleknits and poly­ ester/cotton. Woven blends in solids, prints and combinations. delicious packaged cookies 

Chocolate chip, regal graham, sugar, rainbow 
C l sugar wafers, striped ^ 
^ I dainties and many more, for 
Woolco Price 

 stainless steel fla tw a re asso rt 
Salad and dinner forks, 
^ soup and teaspoons, MM knives. Assorted patterns-M^L 

Styles available may vary from those pictured 

Woolco Price 

" unum 
JiiHvtiiiiim jfitiiiitiittiL f i l l I m i n i m . 
I P i PPI B VIN TI 
I HAI lit ■>, 

 assorted candy bars 

Baby Ruth, But­ terfingers, M ilk 
■■ chocolate Crunch, 
■ 
Heath, Pay Day 
■ 
Single bars, more 

 pocket size am / I m rad io 

Solid state, battery op­ erated. With band se­ lector switch, fm whip antenna, strap, earphone. 
Woolco Price 
Woolco Price 

BOXED EN V ELO P E S 
DISPOSABLE B U TA N E 
K R A Z Y GLUE 
ONE-SIZE K N E E L E T 
NABISCO BOXED 
ASSORTM ENT 
$1 
■ each 
As seen on TV. One drop bonds in seconds. 

LIGHTERS 

 pkg. of 2 
Thousands of lights. Ad justable flame. A buy! 

IOO C O U N T 
2 * 1 
White deluxe bond. For home or office. 

C A N D Y A S S O R T M E N 
2 * 1 
Bridge mix, peppermint patties, many more. 

A S S O R T M EN T 
3 *1 
Fashion shades: taupe, beige, black, brown. 

 f 
WOOLCO MAKES IT EASY TO SHOP 

• a n k a m IKTCa Xo u a m n S iS R o E w ool co CARD 
* Convenient Time • Payment l 
* Convenient Layaway Plan 

W OOLCO a is le VIS TWI BIGHT TO HAUT QUANTITIES — NOT CISPONSICH IPW TTAOGK AAMIC A l (CROCS 

IOO Q IU RD. 
MAI WONDERLAND 
7 3 2-2 211 

4 8 o 3 WIST 
COMM! RCI 
43 4-9 481 

327 FAIR 
AVENUI 
5 3 3 .8 1 6 6 

2214 S.W. 
MILITARY OR. 
9 2 4 .1 4 4 1 

27 1o AUSTIN 
HWY AT WALZER! 
65 3-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

KPIACEMIN! OI MONEY CUDIY III UNDID 

' MMM 

Ladies' C « “ al 
O xford* 

V 

'N 
& 
'< 
J 

 or 8 ” Boots 

OO 
Reg. 
8.96 

Made of tough vinyl up­ pers. Oil resistant sole and heel with cushioned insoles. Color: Tan. 
Men’s sizes. 

5o 
Reg. 
6.96 

V - 

W omen's Clogs 

2 Prs. 
OO 
Reg. 
3.96 

Corduroy uppers on 
Padded sole and heel. 
Tricot lined. Assorted c o l o r s . W o m e n ’ s sizes. 

Crinkle uppers on durable long- wearing sole and heel. Assorted colors. Ladies’ sizes. 

Striped vinyle uppers with padded, collar. Sure-Grip bottoms. Boys’ and 
Men’s sizes. 

OF THIS SEASON'S MOST WANTED FASHIONS 

★ THE STYLES YOU WANT 

Tailored and dressy styles. Collars and keyhole necklines, elasticized waists, short sleeves, long sleeves, even appliques and embroideries. 

★ THE FABRICS YOU WANT 

Fashion’s favorite easy care fabrics including linen textured polyester, pre washed denim, polyester/cotton crinkle cloth, doubleknit poly­ 

 ester and more. 
★ THE COLORS YOU WANT 

Prints, stripes, solids in Hunter green, rust, brown, red, navy, black and gold. 

★ THE SIZES YOU WANT 

Large slection of sizes. Junior sizes 
3-15. 
Misses: sizes 6-2o. 

UP TO 
42% 

BRAND NEW STYLES 
TILL N O W .. 
SOLD BY WOOL CO 
FOR 6 .9 7 -8 .5 7 

HURRY IN I 
FIRST COME BEST CHOKSI 
Not every cise end color in every style! 

CLEARANCE...LADIES’ PANTS & TOPS 

Were 4.97-5.97 
Were 6.97-7.97 
Were 8.97-1o.97 

PANTS • SAVE UP TO 42^ 
This season’s most wanted pant 

 styles and fabrics, clearance priced for BIG savings! Find woven textured poly­ 

 esters, pre washed indigo denims, polyester/cotton crinkle cloths in tailored and 

 dressy styles. Wide color choice. Sizes 3-15 and 6-2o. 

Were 3.97 4.97 
Were 4 97-5.97 
Were 5 97 to 7.97 

KNIT TOPS -SAVE UP TO 37% Atremendous stunnjng 

 bon of short and long sleeve styles, exciting neck and collar treatments in 

 group. In solids, stripes and prints; some w ith lace trims, appliques and em 

 broideries. Great colors, easy care fabrics. Sizes S M I . 

BASKET - T 

CHOICE 

FRENCH FRY 

^ W oolco Price . . . $1 

WHISK 
BROOM 

W oolco Price 
$1 

SPLATTER 
SCREEN 

Woolco Price 
$1 Pkg. 

HAPPY HOME 

DISH CLOTH PACK 

W oolco P ric e . . . $1 Pkg. 

HAPPY HOME 

KITCHEN TOWELS 

Woolco Price. . . $lPkg. 

MIXED SPRING 
FLOWER BOUQUET 

Woolco P rice. . . $1 

SOUP OR 

SNACK CUP 

W oolco Price . . . $1 aa. 

ROUND CAKE 
PAN -2 PC. 

Woolco P rice. . . $1 2 Pe 

8-QT. BAG 

POTTING SOIL 

Wfjolco P rice. . . $1 Pkg. 

72 WOOD 

CLOTHES PINS 

W oolco P ric e . . . $1 Pkg. 

OPAL NYLON 
SCARF 

27" Sq. 

Oblong 15' x 45" . $1 Es. 

2-PC. 

BROILING PAN 

W oolco P rice. . . $1 

SPRING FORM 

CAKE PAN 

W oolco P r i c e . . . $1 Ea. 

2-PC. 

COOKIE PAN 

Woolco P rice. . . $1 2 Pc. 

PIE PAN/ 

SEE-THRU COVER 

Woolco P rice. . . $1 

TUBE 

CAKE PAN 

W oolco Price . . . $1 

ROLLING 
PIN 

^ W o olco Pr i ce. . . $1 

LANDERS 
STRAWBERRY 
SHAMPOO 

WOODEN 
CUTLERY BOX 

 trump corn and blond broom 
$2 

Woolco 
Price 

Rugged broom for indoor or outdoor sweeping. 

32-gaL 
•rash can 
$8 

Woolco Price 

Break-resistant Cop olymer with dome lid. Chocolate. 

3-pc. bath sot or 48-qt. sit-on-hampor 

YOUR 
CHOICE $6 

Ham per in chocolate, harvest or golden wheat with hinged cover. Bath brush holder, wastebas ket, covered basket in gold or blue. 

4” starter pots with snap-on saucor 
4$1 
FOR 
■ 
Woolco Price 

Tough impact plas tic. Terra cotta, in white, burnt orange, avocado, yellow. 

 jumbo 
•I cookware 

Choose 7 quart spa­ ghetti cooker or 2o quart Big Stu pot. 

YOUR 
$ 
CHOICE 

Woolco Price 

 ladies’ perm preen sleepwear 
2 SC 
\ for d r 
Woolco Price 

Waltz length sizes 
' S-M-L, X,X X,XX X , baby doll sizes S- 
- M L. Polyester/ cotton. 

2o”x 3 o ” broadloom remnants 

Assorted piles, tex­ tures, colors. Great for door, bath mats. 
Woolco Price 

 assorted paperback books 

Woolco Price 

Romance, action, science fiction and other subjects in the selection. 

"m elody” rug assortment 

M achine w ashable 
1oo% polyester runs, sizes 2 4 "x 6 o " and 
3o”x 5 o " Colors. Skid proof backs. 

YOUR 
CHOICE*4 e. 

Woolco Price 

 pkg. off 4 

■NAIMI OO memo 

Woolco Price 

Unlined white 3"x 
5 " pads. For home, school, office. 

 assorted corduroy bedrests 

H eavyduty co rd u ro y with welted seams. As­ sorted colors in group. 
Woolco Price 

 assorted 9 ox. coffffoo m ugs 

Selection includes stacking mugs, nature designs, more. 
Woolco Price 

Whirlpool 
* ey r i e 
AUTOMATIC W ASH ER 
Tappan 
Microwave Oven 

2 washing and 2 spin speeds. 4 cycles. NORMAL, KNIT, PERET. 
PRESS and GENTLE. 4 wash/rinse water temps. 3 loods-size water soving selector. Eosy-to-clean filter. Cool-down care for 
Perm!, Press fabrics. SURGILATOR agitator. Porcelain enamel top and lid. Bac-Poc Laundry Information Center. # LDA57oo 

"Whirlpool 3 TEMPERATURE 
ELECTRIC DRYER 
$189 

Special cool-down cote for Permanent Press ond Knit fabrics 3 
Drying temperature selections. TUMBLE PRESS * control. Extra 
Large lint screen, large 5.9 ca. ft. drying drum. Pwsh-to-start button. Automatic door shut off Bac-Poc Laundry Information 
Center. #LDES7oo 

Model 56*3565 

SAVE 14o.oo 
29995 

REG. 439.95 

• Features Selector 
Control to vary cooking speed 

• includes automatic defrost setting 
• Cuts cooking time up to 75% 

• No installation — fits on kitchen counter 

■ 

REG 1.77 

^SooJco 
We want to be v our favorite store 

Converse 
, 
Chuck Toy lor'All Star 
VV |^ assf C \ basketball shoes 

Daisy B.B. repeater rifle 

 adult size sleeping bag 
$IO 

Woolco Price 

35o-shot repeater with automa­ tic trigger, safety feature. 

Just say "CHARGE IT !" 

Spun drill outershell, brushed tricot lining, 4 lbs. insulating fill. Full IOO" zipper. 

 re d /w h ite / blue or tan basketball 

Woolco Price 

Official size and weight. 5-ply nylon wound rubber bladder, rubber cover. Winfield. 

Just say "CHARGE IT !" 

'®'sKom «3 
K « i» m o P o n y pocket camera 
*15 

Features double exposure prevention, film counter window , instant loading. 
Uses 8-shot FlipFlash. Save! 

K o m e ro 111 color slide view er 
I 

For great color viewing. 
Operates on 2 A penlight batteries 
(not included.) 
Model 1o5 
$2.oo 

Kamero 
FF21 strobe 

Operates on 2 A A penlight batteries. 25o flashes per set. Color corrected. Bat­ teries are not included. 

Kam ero K A 31o strobe 
Precision crafted. Fits your favorite pocket camera. E- $ V liminates red eye. No flash cubes necessary. Shop now! 

8-section pocket trip o d 
IO 

Has a universal swivel head and geared center elevator. 
Comes com ­ plete w ith vinyl case. 
Super Type 1o8 
Polacolor ll film 
$ o 
18 exposures 

A ll-purpose pouch 
^ for pocket cameras 2 and accessories 

Dual 8 splicer for quick and easy *£L editing |ebs! 

An Advertising Supplement to the SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS, Sunday, January 2, 1977 
SALE ENDS SATURDAY 
IN PROGRESS NOW 

Refrigerators, freezers, ranges, washers, dryers, TVs, stereos and more! 
Some special buys. Some limited quantities. A few items on sale all month 

Buy now. 
Our heavy-duty 
3-cycle washer. 

Big buy. 
Microwave oven 
1-cu.ft. capacity. 

Save $3o 
199.95, 5-cu.ft chest freezer. 

Cooks fast and cool. 
Browning grill, 14.95 
Three temp combos. 
Dryer* from $118 

Com pare. 
1oo% solid state 
12 diagonal TV 

Special buy. 
23-channel 2-way mobile CB radio. 

 oave now. 
3ooo-lb. force trash compactor. 

Personal size. UZV antenna. 
ANL, AGC, variable squelch and more. 
Compacts to lk vol 
Ends messy trash 

Save *21 
Upright vac and tools, reg. 79.95 

Big buy. 
Built-in 3-cycle auto, dishwasher. 

Com pare 
W ards zigzag sewing head. 

3-level w ashing 
Installation extra 
Requires control to operate, extra. 
Dual edge cleaner 
Upright* from $36 

W ARDS CHARO-ALL CREDIT CAN H ELP YOU EN JO Y THAT NEW A PPLIA N CE NOW 
I 
On a budget? Wfe*!! help, 

*21 off. Enjoy the show on our 19 diagonal portable. 

1oo'i solid state de- 
** Q pendable. A ccu rate 
I I Q 
I HF "click ' tuning. 
Reg 139 95 

Regularly 
^ 
469.95 
^ 

P it 
> • m 
V. 

Enjoy easy pushbutton Auto Col­ or tuning with our 19" diagonal console. It's big enough for fam ily view ing, yet compact enough to fit into m ost any room. Simulated wood cabinet. 

$71 off. 
1oo% solid state console color TV. 

$21-$12o off Wards TVs. 

Deluxe 19 diagonal portable color TV is 1oo% solid state. 
Save *12o 
32988 

12926 

Regularly 449.95 

Watch your favorite programs come alive in color. A slotted mask picture tube and in-line gun assure sharp images and true-to-life colors. Pushbutton Auto Col­ or retrieves preset color, tint, contrast and brightness easily without your mak­ ing many adjustm ents. UHF "click'' tuning. Wood-grained vinyl-clad cabinet. 

19 diagonal color TV priced from $298 

Simulated reception on all TVs. 

SAVE NOW ON THAT SALE-PRICED APPLIANCE—ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL 

*1o off. Digital clock radio. 

W a k e u p t e a u t . f u l l y ^ 
_ _ 

 t o AM OI PM music. 
Large. easy-to-read I lighted numerals. 
J L 
Reg. 29.99 

$7o off Wards CB radio. 
-d*-?7 

Enjoy easy 2-way communication while you’re on the move. 

Regularly 169.95 

• 23-channel mobile operation from your car, truck, tractor or boat 
• Large, easy-to-read S-RF meter 
• Switchable automatic noise limiter helps minimize noise and static 
• Bright LED digital channel readout 
• Antenna mismatch warning system 
• Variable volume, squelch controls 
• Unit converts to handy PA system 
• With plug-in mike, mounting kit 

U na«»ein bled 
Unassem bled 

Both systems include blank tape. 2 mikes 

6 1 o S 

2127 
$31 Off. 
Elegant console stereo with 8-track tape player. 

R e g . 199.95 
*1oo off. 
Stereo with electronic clock. 

299 

*1oo off. 
Stereo with 8-track recorder. 

AM FM-htereo. tape play*! wit!, auto, manual track -election, auto chancer Simulated wood taloned 

AM FNI stereo receiver with built- in LED clock and 8-track recorder player, auto, changer, speakers, custom center. Simulated wood. 

88 

Reg. 399 95 comb. 

AM EM FM -stereo receiver with built-in recorder let?- you make your own tape?- With auto, changer. speaker.-, center. Simulated wood. 
I 
19988 

Reg 299.95 comb. 
^ 
V 
J I 

3o 

Big $7o to$13o savings. (£ £ ,) 

Your choice. 

Special buy. 15.5-cu.ft. upright. 
4 shelves, draw er to keep food handy. Inside light: lock; drain. 
13-cu.ft. upright now only $218. 

S a v e $ 7 o . 15-cubic foot chest. 
R eg. 3o9.95. Basket for bulky items. Inside light; key-lock; drain. 
15-cubic foot chest now only $218. 

Deluxe refrigerator/freezers. 

Reg. 
589.95 

S a v e $ 1 3 o o n all-frostle& a side*by*sid e . 
• i -day fresh m eat keeper 
• Room y 6.58-cu. ft. freezer 
• Three adjustable shelves a 3rd door helps cut cold loss 
• M oves on adjustable rollers 
Our *ide-by-stdes now from $428. 

Now at 
Wards. 

Special buy... big, all-frostless top-mount. 
• 4.7-cubic foot top freezer 
• Three adjustable shelves 
• 7-day fresh m eat keeper 
• Egg rack • 2 cold controls 
• On rollers for easy cleaning Wards top-mount* at low a* $299. 

Save$5o 
Convertible-bed: 2 machines in I. 

It’s all built-in! Flip wings up for flat­ bed sewing. Flip them down for open-arm jobs like cuffs, sleeves. 4 stretch stitches. 
B uilt-in b u tto n h o ler, b lindhem m er. 
Save $71. W ards o p en-arm 
O O ^not i w retch zigzag. Reg. $2oo. 
I ^ * 7 shown) 

C o n t r o l. 
( t e n t in c lu d e d 

Regularly 249.95 

 rn 

*t§i 

*5o off. 

313 

NO MONEY DOWN ON APPLIANCES 
W ITH CHARG-ALL 

Peak 2.2-hp dual-m otor pow erhead vac and tools. 
88 
Reg 
179.95 
2-sided edge c le a n e r. Auto, height adjustm ent, cord reel. 
Other powerhead vacs from $68. 

/V tO IN fTC iO /V lE R Y 
W M N IJso 

THAT BIG PURCHASE CAN’T WAIT? APPLY FOR A WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT NOW 

OU OTT our Mg microwave oven 
Big 1.4-cu.ft. capacity microwave with defrost 

Save *5o 
8o2 
Microwave with automatic defrost. 
T h aw s frozen foods 
/ ? A R R quickly. Side-sw ing door. tray. 11o-12ov. Regu|ar|y319.95 

• Cooks 25-lb turkey or large roast 
• 7oow cook power cuts cook times up to 75^ to save time, energy. 
• Extra tim e-saving auto, defrost 
• 35-min timer • Deluxe cook guide 

Ask for a cooking demonstration. 

Save *6o mr 
Microwave with gourmet control. 
Precise cook settings for eggs to meats. Auto. 
X M M defrost. 6oow 
Regularly 359.95 

FAST COOK TIM ES 
Roa't twef. mer! 

Frozen fish fillet 

4 baked potatoes 

S min /lh 
To brown steak* in •econds, add our grill, 14.95 

Save *1oo 
Save *1oo 
Electric range has self-cleaning oven 
3o gas range with pilotless ignition. 

Regularly 399.95 

Wards 3o" range makes cooking, cleanups easy. 
Cook’n'off oven cooks meals, shuts off autom a­ tically—and self cleans. 
Electric ranges from $188. 

Regularly 399.95 

Save energy, money! Elec­ tric ignition ends gas w aste of pilot lights. 
C o n tin u o u s-c le a n in g oven has removable door. 
Gas ranges as low as $188. 

I HIC OK U 
M U " D u n 2 o * j } ' 

/VIONTGO/VIER' 

8-cycle washer 

Special buy. 

• Handles all washable fabrics 
• Family-sized 2o-lb. capacity 
• Rugged :,«-hp 2-speed motor offers 4 speed combinations 
• 5 temp combos • 4 water levels 
• Automatic bleach dispenser 

5-cycle dryer. 

Special buy. 

No extra charge for color now 
Expert service nationwide 

6o25 

Your choice: built-in or portable dishwasher. 

Big buy. 
W ards 4-cycle washer. 
Regular, ihort pre 
$ o S wash -oak A wash m * a 4 rin>e temp cornix*.- 
Our pm * 

M a t c h in g d ry e r* a * lo w a* $ 1 6 7 
Wards 5-cycle dishwasher has pots pans cycle for tough jobs. Energy- saver switch conserves electricity 
—you can choose air dry. Durable porcelained interior. Pushbuttons. 
W a r d* i n s t al l at i o n av a i l a b l e , e x t r a . 

$5o off. Portable model. 
Reg. 249.95, now 199.8S 

$1o-$25 off. 

G reat values on our gas and electric w ater heaters. 
Save *1o 

W ards good 3o-gal. gas water heater. 

Save *2o 

Our better 3o-gal. gas water heater. 
7 Q 8 8 
Q Q 9 9 
Q Q 
/ 
o 2 7 Re* 
2727 
W 
89.99 
1o9 99 m r m r 

Save *25 

Better 52-gallon electric heater. 
99 
Reg. 
124.99 
46.ooo-Btu two-step in­ put gives you 2 T <■ more hot water than our good model. Separate relief valve opening. 
4o-gallon mot shown! reg. 119.99 .......... 99.99 

Fiberglass insulation conserves heat. Glass- lined tank keep> watei clear and clean High- tem p safety cut-off. 
Rugged cast-iron burn­ er. 38.ooo-Rtu input 

1o-gallon electric, now only 54.99 
Installation available by experts. 

2 elements for lots of hot water. Glass-lined tank. Thick insulation 
Stainless steel inlet, copper-lined nipple. 
Good 3o-gal. electric, reg. 79.99 ............69.99 

SAVE NOW AT WARDS LOW PRICES— NO MONEY DOWN WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT 
Looking for value? Find it here 

San Antonio, Texas 
Wonderland Mall 
Fredericksburg Road at Hillcrest 

McCreless Mall 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 

Windsor Park Mall 
I* H. 35 N. at Walzem 
Road 
Irafn i 

BK 

 ecial buy. 
Firm quality bedding set. 

2-piece r v r v f i f i twin rn MM. J U U set. 

Enjoy deep comfort and lasting firm ness w ith in n er­ spring m attress and torsion support foundation. M attress has spring action edge supports; foundation has tough fiber insulation. Perky print cover of Hor 
Full-size 2-piece innerspring s e t........... 
Queen-size 2-pieee innerspring set ---- 
King-size 3-piece innerspring s e t ......... 
Twin full bedframe, everyday low prie* 

 a1 bouquets. 
... .only I 49.88 only 199.88 only 249.88 
.14.99 

O C Q / 
££ 
All Wards Style House bedding m O / o O i l * in stock on sale! Stop in soon. 

53 

YOURS FREE with a subscription to TIME: 
Yfears of TIME covers 
A big full-color portfolio of 2,81o TIME cover portraits 
—from the very first issue in 1923 
I----------------- 

•<**5 

 a i* * * 1' 

YOURS FREE! 
53 Years of 
TIME covers 

. . . by subscribing to 
TIME now. 
See details inside. 

The people and events that pro­ foundly affected your most memorable years . . . the pictorial record of his­ tory in your time, on 2,81o covers of 
TIME. 

FIRST CLASS 
Permit 
No. 22 
CHICAGO, ILL. 

Business Reply Mail 

No Postage Stamp Necessary if Mailed in the United States 

Postage Will Be Paid By 

TIME 
TIME ALIFE BUILDING 
541 NORTH FAIRBANKS COURT 
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 6o611 

Computer cameras 

The hobby world of photography is gaffing acquainted with tho complicatad world of tho com­ puter. The technical advances are discussed in Photo Tips with 

EXPRESS NEWS 
S u n d a y january 2,1977 m a g a z i n e 

Kris & 
Barbra 
Barbra S. and Kris K. ara cur­ rently starring in a new m ovie. 
And that m ovie has produced a new album. The music is . . . w ell. 
• . let Joel McNally toll you in 

Rock Mound Travels 
Louisiana palm wo od 

Louisiana is more than a sportsman’s para­ dise . . . it is also a paradise for rock hunters. 
Common “driveway gravel” becomes beau­ tiful stones to display or set into jewelry. Be­ cause of the vast reserves of gravel in Lo­ uisiana, rockhounds from all over the U.S. come to shift through the rocks for soon-to-be- beautiful treasures. Almost any location in the state will yield some beauties. 

The Toledo Bend area is especially popular, and mane beautiful camping and recreational sites are there also. 
Among the most sought after items in that area is pe­ trified palinwood, thought to be approximately 15 million years old. 
Palm is not the only petrified wood to be found in 
Louisiana, although it is the most common. The ancient 
Gulf coast once reached the vicinity of Catahoula Parish, and shark teeth and other marine fossils are frequently found there, and other fossils such as coral are also present. 
The rich forests of North Louisiana hide the coveted palmwood in the dark soil. Only through digging, or 
(following a bulldozer, can palmwood usually be found, although there are occasional pieces on the surface. 
Common courtesy is seldom forgotten by rock collec­ tors, for this breed rarely trespasses on private property or wantonly digs up the forests without leaving an area as they find it. 
Creek beds and rivers with gravel bars are easily the most popular locations for hunting in Louisiana. 
Thompson Creek, Turkey Creek, and the Amite River are some of the most popular of these. 
Thompson Creek runs along the border between East and West Feliciana Parishes. Audubon State Comme­ morative Area with its historic Oakely Plantation House and lovely nature trails is near enough for the family to visit conveniently. Other historic places and many plan­ tation homes are in the area also. 
Turkey Creek, north of Opelousas, is close to Chicot 
State Park with camping facilities for an overnight stay. 
The State Arboretum is located at Chicot and recrea­ tional facilities abound. 
Another storehouse is the Pearl River. 
Although rockhounds have been searching the area for vears. the supply seems limitless. One popular method of exploring, for the more adventurous, is to canoe or float down rivers and streams, stopping on gravel bars to picnic, swim and search. The Tangipahoa River is one of the best known for float trips, and several launch sites offer boats for rent. 
Iron deposits are interesting finds, especially the solidified “worm burrows.” These look like thin red or orange reeds, two or three inches long. Specimens may be identified from books or by asking a geologist. 
Also interesting are rattle rocks or “ Indian paint pots,” which can be found in northeast Louisiana These are hollow rocks which resemble potatoes and have a red, orange or yellow lining. 
They are called Indian paint pots for the obvious rea­ son that the Indian used them as such. Small pebbes have formed inside the rocks which give the rattle effect. 
The rockhound may choose Lake Pontcharrtrain or the 
Abita River as his hunting ground if the headquarters at one of the state parks in the Covington area. Fontaineb- luea. Fairv iew and Bogue Falaya State Parks are nearest 
— the first two have camping facilities and all offer fine recreational facilities. 
Rock hunting is interesting for many reasons. By finding the different types of rocks and fossils, many 

 hunters have become interested in learning more geo­ logy. 
How old is the rock, what kind of stone it is, and how it got there are some of the questions demanding answers. 
Patience and diligence are two of the first lessons a rockhound learns. 

To turn the rocks from ordianary gravel to beautiful gemstones takes some time. The stones may be polished by hand with a whetsotone, dipping into water frequent­ ly. After many new muscles have been found, the stone will begin to acquire a sheen. 
Tumbling, however, is the most common method of polishing stones. 
A tumbler is a machine which rolls the rocks around in water to polish them. Experts recommend six weeks of tumbling to get a permanent polish. 
Tumblers are available at hobby shops and in some department store catalogs. 
After polishing, stones are cut by grinding or (usually) by a diamond saw'. Settings are as varied as your ima­ gination. Some stones, which may not seem particularly beautiful at first, become radiant when set iii a compli­ mentary metal. 
Some stones, such as optical quartz (“Thompson 
Creek diamonds") which is frosty, become especially beautiful after polishing and cutting. Mussel shells become “Louisiana Opal.” 

Both of these may be found in driveways all over 
Louisiana, as well as in the natural settings of rivers. 
Other stones, when cut, reveal interesting natural pat­ terns ressembling figures and pictures. 

The variations in rock hunting are limitless. To reap the full benefit, set a*goal to explore Louisiana’s many landmarks and attractions as you collect her rock trea­ sures. 

 r n 

■p.* . 
- 
.■ 
' v ..v\ 
- 
V 
- 
- 
• * 
'X< 
' 
•• ,v. < 
* 
• 
•• y K treasures of jCousiaua s 
. • 
- - - 
- 
*. ■ . 
,• 
♦ v 

Ct 

■ 
=* 

: \ 4 

'• • - ■% 
«- u $ fJ > ' I Jfy 
4/ * ■'' 
■» 

• A • 

 r n 

V 

' ' v t - I 

Crystal Arkansas Adventure 

Perched atop a new mound of earth, a bull­ dozer stands alone beside an enormous pit nestled into a mountain north of Hot Springs, 
Arkansas. 
• At the bottom of the pit, several people are eagerly prying loose rock formations from cut banks, while others are bent over lumps of red clay, intently examining their contents. 
The scene is a familiar one at Coleman’s Crystal Mine. 
Each year, thousands of rockhounds from across the nation visit the mine to search for valuable quartz crys­ tals. 
Alongside them, commercial miners toil to unearth stones for shipment to museums and armchair collectors around the world. 
Most of the visitors to the mine are amateurs. A few art* lapidary artists and mineralogists. But, regardless of their interests, all are intrigued by the complexity and multi-faceted beauty of the crystalline masses. 
All quartz crystals are hexagonal. They may occur as a single six-sided “ point,” or a cluster of many points attached to a chunk of sandstone. 
The crystals are also very hard On the Mohs scale of hardness, they are rated 7, followed by topaz, corundum and diamonds, Hie next minerals in their order of clas­ sification. 
A number of explanations have been offered for the presence of quartz crystals. Some people theorize they 

 are the result of a fiery volcano that erupted millions of years ago. Others maintain they are still forming, aided by some type of mysterious electrical field. 
Frank Coleman is one of those who believe the crystals are in continuous formation. Few people are in a better position to arrive at this conclusion. With more than 35 years of mining experience behind him, Frank has an encyclopedic knowledge of the crystals and their many secrets. 
Part of this knowlege was passed on by his father, the late Charles Coleman. Charles founded the mining oper­ ation in 1942 after he leased two 4o-acre plots of land from a forestry company. 
Frank s son, .Jimmy, continues the family tradition today as owner-operator of the mine. 
Quartz cyrstal mining is a delicate process. If explo­ sives are used, miners run the risk of shattering a museum-quality specimen that might in* worth several thousand dollars. 
Instead, bulldozers uncover a few inches of mountain soil at a time in search of telltale quartz veins that often lead to crystal-bearing sandstone cavities. 
After a cavity is located, the bulldozers are abandoned, and miners begin the painstaking task of extracting its treasure by hand. 
A cavity's yield may range from a few handfuls to several truckloads of glittering crystals About IO per cent of the specimens are clear. The rest are usually clear to milky in appearance. Most collectors prefer 

See Hunting Crystals, Page % 

Kris & Barbra: 
Strictly soft-core 

Just a few months ago, the latest Made-in-Japan film epic brought us that historic confrontation between Godzilla and the 
Megalon Man. 
Despite the similarities, those two should not be confused with 
B arbra 
Streisand and Kris Kris- tofferson in the current rock remake of “ A Star Is 
Born.” 
Much has been written about the battle waged between Kris and Barbra in the course oi getting this love story on film. 
That is called publicity. 
It is really of no concern to me how many times Kris told Barbra to flake off. 

HOWEVER, after lis­ tening to the music on the sound track recording, “ A 
Star Is Born” (Columbia), you get the feeling that it might not have been quite often enough. 
There is a little hint of a possible source of some of the discontent on the duets between Barbra and Kris! 
Kris is the one with the deep voice and the three words in the chorus. 
The fact that Streisand and her boyfriend, hair- d resser-p ro d u cer 
Jon 
Peters, had total musical control of this project is dandy for soft-core 
Streisand fans. 
But it’s bad news for those who know what rock music is supposed to sound like. 

LETS FACE IT, 
Bar­ b ra ’s background in 
Broadway m usicals and 
Vegas revues is not exactly the ideal training ground for rock. 
So they brought in that heavy rock personality. 
Paul Williams. 
That’s right...the little blonde m unchkin that writes love songs for Helen 
Reddy and that ilk. 
As a result, the good 

PAGE 2 

 she even does a creditable job of singing real rock ’n’ roll on “ W atch Closely 
Now,” a gutsy song that 
Kris is also allowed to do earlier. 

BUT FOR THE most part real rock and real 
Streisand are about as com patible as Kris and 
Barbra. 
And fans of each are likely to hate the other. 
Another fair w arning. 
This is the first single record album which the record people have tried to peddle for a list price of 
$8.98. 
Columbia is a giant. If it w orks, you can expect many more happy returns. 
So if you want to help set a new price in the industry, go ahead. Columbia Re- 
. cords can use it. 

EVEN IF YOU don’t always like the results And 
I don’t always), you have to admit that Seals and 
Crofts are more adventur­ ous than many of the gen­ tle breeze duos around to­ day. 
Large chunks of their new album, "Sudan Vil­ lage” (Warner Bros ), are devoted to intricate instru­ mentals, both rock as in 
“ T hunderfoot,” and fid- dle-and-folk like “ Eight of 
Jan u ary ” and “ Arkansas 
Traveler,” 
When they are not up to that, they are essentially acting as su p p o rtin g singers for Carolyn Willis, a splendid vocalist who first showed up on their hit, "Get Closer.” 
Besides three songs with 
Ms. WiHis, there is a re­ make of "E ast of Ginter 
T re e s,” the 
A frican rhythm title song and se­ veral more new songs of brotherhood and Bahai. 
For some inexplicable reason, this album was recorded “ live.” That is usually a way to recycle old tunes, but most of these are new. 
Maybe they thought we liked to hear the sound of clapping as much as they do. 

ANOTHER HARMONIC duo, Logging and Messina are about to separate, har­ moniously, of course. 
They are celebrating the beginning of th eir new careers with "The Best of 
F riends” (Colum bia), a collection of a lot of good music they made together. 
The only thing new here is a previously unreleased version of "Angry Eyes.” 
But there is a lot of nice old. Kenny Leggins and 
Jim M essina don’t just sing about being free. They create that feeding. 
The album includes peaceful songs like "Peace of Mind,” "Being Free,’ and "Watching the River 
Flow’’ as well as good time rhythm and blues like 
"Y o u r 
M ama 
Don’t 
Dance" and "My Music.’ 
Anybody who can write 
. . L . i A i u - 
"House al Pooh Corner” is 
IXPKfSS-NIWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— january 2, 1977 okay by me and Eeyore. 

 songs that K ristofferson gets to work with can be counted on one finger. It is a song called "Crippled 
Crow.” 
No doubt describing the self destructive rock star on the way down that he plays in the film, Kristof­ ferson sings of "the out- of-tune ravings of a crip­ pled crow.” 
Hearing the rough hewn vocals of Kristofferson for the first tim e, B arbra’s fans are going to think that phrase sums up these dirty- old rock people. 

THEY ARE ALSO going to wonder what kind of 
Streisand album they have gotten them selves into. 
Whatever happened to nice songs about people who love people? 
U nfortunately, they won’t worry for long. 
If they just sit tight, they can hear Barbra sing “ I 
Believe In Love” in show- stopper fashion that will bring joy to the hearts of 
Ethel Merman fans every­ where. 
They will also hear some really excellent traditional 
Streisand like "With One 
More Look at You’ and 
"The Love Theme from A 
Star Is Born” (Evergreen). 
And for one crazy instant 

P.ntrrtaimpMt Qpo( 
Uncover story 

Bubba and his friend Jim went to the Peppermint Lounge on San 
Pedro Avenue Wednesday night looking for companionship. They found a lucious red head straight out of their dreams. 
Of course the pair had to share the dream girl with about HK) other men who also fantasized about the go-go dancer as she went through her 1o-minute routine. 
While the 2o-year-old dancer gradually took off everything but hei panties. Bubba told Jim: "Gee, I’d give anything if Margie was like that. 
His eyes remained riveted to the woman. 
While laughing at the remark Jim jokingly pulled Bubba’s bib cap over his eyes. 
"You’re crazy What 38 year-old woman who’s the mother of two children is going to prance around like that?’’ Jim asked as he swiveled his head around to check out a waitress. 
The evening held special promise for the men, since 
Wednesday is “ am ateu r” or dance contest night. 
They were both thinking this could be it. Someone, maybe a secretary or even a college co-ed might get up there and show her stulf. 
It would definitely be worth the wait and the $1 cover charge. 

W hile Bubba and Jim . two average custom ers of the club on 431 Hi San Pedro 
Ave. were waiting for the contest, two dancers were inside the club's cramped office talking about their work. 

" I t ’s all an a c t,” says 
Bonnie, who's established herself as one of the club's favorites during the four years she’s been dancing at the club. She started in her late teens. 

"You get out there and sm ile and m ake each custom er feel like you’re dancing only for him . 
T h at’s the way a m oney­ making dancer works,” she explains. 

C oncerning the clu b 's custom ers, an articu late woman who goes by the 

 nam e Queenie says, "W e get a few degenerates and perverts in here, but mostly it’s your average Joe 
Schmoe. 

"Most of them are m id­ dle-aged m arried men looking for som e ex cite­ ment their wives can’t give them,” she adds. 

Do any of the fantasies the men build while watch­ ing the dancers ever turn into reality? 

" I’ve got my old man and that’s all I want,” says an alm ost defiant Bonnie. 
Q ueenie ag rees saying most of the customers seem 

EAG LES in P layb ack n e x t w e e k 
THE M E N E at tin- Pepperm int Lounge, 13(H) Sun 
Pedro Ave., im one joining fa i i (any and entertainm ent. 

I Patron* flock to the local club for "am ateu r’* night.” 

 to put the dancers on a sort of pedestal. 
While on that pedestal, the d ancers m ight be 
^ bowered with gifts, but physically the relationship doesn't get any further than a kiss on the cheek, according to the dancers. 
Jerking an expensive silk outfit out of its box, Bonnie says, “ Look at this. A guy gave it to me because he said he thought I’d look good in it. And th a t’s all there’s going to be to it.” 
Queenie says, "M ost of these men are just looking for something to break up the monotony. They see us as som ething they w ant, but can’t have.” 
Though she’s dressed on­ ly in a night gown top and panties, Queenie breaks the 
"dum b-sleezy” stereotype associated w ith go-go 
(lancers. The woman says she holds a m asters degree in art and is going after another degree. 
To Queenie the question of whether she should get up in front of a roomful of eyes and undress is strictly financial. 
"T h is is the only job where a woman can make enough money to live as in­ dependently as a man and have things like her own house and car,” she says. 
Most of the dancers say their m onthly incom e is around $1,ooo. 
As the dancers finish the interview, Bubba and Jim ordered fresh drinks and settled down to watch the first entry in the am ateur dance contest. 
But instead of an am a­ teur, the woman - they w atch, like the other e n tries, are w orking at other go-go clubs in San 
Antonio. 
And while the difference between a professional and am ateur are obvious, Jim and Bubba, like n*st of the club's patrons, will proba­ bly be buck next W ednes­ day. 
It takes a lot to kill a good fantasy. 

Classical 

 ax 

R O B E R T P IN C U S 
Vintage legacies off top conductors 

Vintage re issues of familiar repertory led by four eminent conductors of the past generation continue with five budget-priced RI A and London releases. 
Attention goes immediately to Fritz 
Reiner leading the Brahms fourth sym­ phony (RCA AGL.1-1961), and to his recording of the Brahms double concerto and the Saint-Saens A-minor cello con­ certo (RCA AVM1-2o2o). 
In the symphony, 
Reiner conducts the 
Royal Philharmonic, and the double con­ certo finds as so- loists no less than r 
Nathan Milstein on violin and Gregor 
Piatigorsky on cello 
(Piatig o rsky, who died in August, too is soloist in the Saint- 
Saens). 
Johannes Brahms 
Reiner, with his legendary technique and temper, was music director of the 
Chicago Symphony at his death in 1963. 
The Brahms fourth (no recording date given) combines a persuasive lyricism with rhythmic surge. The Brahms double, released in the Victrola Legendary Per­ formances series, is just that — an une­ qualled meeting of great musical minds in a noble and difficult piece The 1951 recording is august, but not stern, and is pretty much the final word. 
Next comes Erich Kleiber leading the 
Vienna Philharmonic in the Beethoven 
“ Eroiea” symphony on London Treasury 
Series (R 232o2). 
Kleiber here shows a cool, taut ap­ proach to the third symphony, one that has every detail placed in proper propor­ tion to the line. It is polished, but not over-refined. He delivers sweep and en­ ergy without frenzy or bombast. 
The control Kleiber displays is remar­ kable. Today Kleiber is best remembered for the “ Marriage of Figaro” he con­ ducted for London (still available) for the 
1956 Mozart Bicentennial. The set is one of the best conducted opera recordings of all time. 
Finally come two performances of Ri­ chard Strauss’ “ Em Heldenleben" (A 
Hero’s Life). Willem Mengelberg, the eminent Dutch conductor, leads the New 
York Philharmonic in a 1928 recording on 
RGA Victrola (AVM1-2o19). The sound is very good. 
The other finds Clemens Krauss leading the Vienna Philharmonic (probably in the early 195os) on London Treasury Series 
(R 232o9). Both are exemplary readings. 
Mengelberg is the more refined and relaxed, and the effect he achieves in the contemplative coda is tuneless 
Krauss, also a master of rhythmic give-and-take, is more muscular and dramatic. 

“ The Best cf Sen Antonio" 
SUNDAY m a g a z in e 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171, SAN ANTONIO, 78297 
225-74l l EXT. 32Z 
■ION THE COVERS 

Rocks hounding is favorite of mony area residents. This week s cover highlights two unusual places that the hounds may not have sniffed out as yet. 

UNUSUAL THINGS TO DO A BUY IN SAN ANTONIO AND OUR ARBA. 
The Name 
Event 

Everyone's proud of his name, particularly kids. And the 
Southwest Craft Center Gallery has a name game for any kid. 
It’s name puzzles created by Woodworks, one of the exhibitors at the gallery. Woodworks will make any name into a puzzle with letters of the name fitting into spaces on a wooden board. 
The puzzles are a v ailab le with and without pegs handy for hanging up hats and roots. The cost depends on the length of the name, but prices begin at $12.5o. Count on 
1o days to two weeks for delivery. 

Money 
Games 

You may be tempted to handle financial affairs as serious business, but Leon H. Nissimov believes in handling money like it s a game. 
Nissimov, a mathematician, has written a pamplet called "H ow to 
Successfuly Solve Money and In­ vestment Problems thru Gam e 
Theory.” 
The pamplet explains how the same gcme theories that apply to figuring the odds on games such as roulette can be applied to the stock market and other invest­ ments. 
The pamplet requires some knowledge of math, but it is certainly an interesting approach to a game too many of us lose too often. 

“ How to Successfully Solve 
Money and 
Investment 
Problems thru Game Theor- y’’ /By Leon ti. Nissimov/P. 
O. Box 3 7 5 /San Antonio 
Texas 78392/$3.5o. 

Name 
Pussies- 
/Southwest Craft 

Gallery/La Villita 

Climbing the 

Family Tree 

Everyone's got ancestors, but not everyone knows who they are. lf you're interested in checking into your family tree, the Public 
Library can help you. 
Marie Berry of the library’s history and reference section has shelves of books and reference materials to help you start tracing your family history. 
In addition to the library books, the library has prepared a four-page memeographed leaflet available to library patrons which details steps you can use to trace your family tree. 

The leaflet suggests ways to look up family records, census re ­ cords, governm ental records, and tells which basic reference books are available and how to organize your infor­ mation. 

The library staff is helpful in telling you how you can get start­ ed. 

Family 
Historie- s/History and Re* toronto 
Depart­ ment/Main Public 
Library/2o3 S. St. 
Mary’s/223-6851. 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E-January 2, 1977 
PAGE 3 

Pill i 
<{£ AV?- 
^ 
"'Iff 

CJDCIRDS 
ORD 

JOHN ANTHONY WALTER 
5286 Round Table 
ROOSEVELT HIGH SCHOOL 
John Walter is probably the best student musician in San Antonio. 
The Optimist Club thought so when it awarded him the Youth in Music award during Youth 
Appreciation Week. 
John is a three-year member of the All-State Orchestra. His freshman year he made the all­ district, all-region and all-area bands. He also earned all-region choir honors this year, making him eligible to compete for the All-State choir. 
John’s primary instrument Is the bassoon, but he also plays the piano, clarinet and bass clarinet. 
The son of Anthony and Helen Walter, John is a member of the Greater San Antonio Youth 
Symphony Orchestra, the San Antonio Bicentennial Band, Trinity University Orchestra, 
Roosevelt s band and chamber choir and the Choral Society. 
John has never received anything below a superior rating in six years of competition. Last year his ensemble was named the outstanding ensemble in the entire state. 
But he ha * other interests besides music. John is ranked in the top seven per cent of his class of 
72o. and belongs to the National Honor Society, Honor Social Studies Club, Beta Club, Key Club ana German Club. 
In addition, he is a three-year member of the Roosevelt tennis team, earning two letters, IO trophies and two medals. 
He enjoys performing for various charitable groups, churches and community activities in San 
Antonio. He would like to study music education at either the University of Iexas or Indiana. 
John will soon be honored by the Optimist Club of 
San Antonio for his achievements. 

CONGRATULATIO NS... 

 avesta 
PAGE 4 fXPIESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—January 2J977 

A BAHAMIAN boat ride is joint one of the vacation adventure* due visitor* to G reat Kxunui. T he acti* v itv is highlighted by the annual O ut b lan d R egatta 
«eheduled for A pril, 1977. 

 when o n lp V the very best will do 

FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON -TUES. 

TROUT AMANDINE 

B u m c a 
RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/826-2371 
1o39 N E. LOOP 41o 

 b a n q u e t facilities 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 
RIB EYE 
• 
FILET 

AIL ENTREES 
INCLUDE SALAD 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 
OPEN 5 oo PM. 
PLUS----- 
AAARGARITAS $1 .o o 

■ 

 red 14 is your best bus 

LONDON 
Once you’ve tried it, the big, red double-deck bus is the BEST way to shop 
London. No. 14 is the one you want. Stay with it. 
Wherever you get off, get 
No. 14 again. 
Nq. 
14 takes you to 
K nightsbridge. 
To the 
Scotch House — plaids are big this year. To Harrods, the world’s famous depart­ ment store. 
Harrods will set your hair — the salon is so big you never need an appoint­ ment. You can buy a head of lettuce. When I had a house in Knightsbridge, I shopped for my groceries at Harrods 
Harrods sells clothing for men, women and children. 
They outfit African safaris. 
Expeditions to the Arctic. 
Some store! 
On No. 14 again. Go on to 
Fulham Road. Get off at 
171 at Brother Sun. A little corner shop filled with bolts of fabrics from Pro­ vence. Huge aprons with deep pockets. Shoulder bags. Shirts. Smocks. 
Across the street is Night 
Owls. Very expensive and elegant night gowns. 
(Princess Anne bought her honeymoon nighties here.) 
On No. 14 to Piccadilly. 
Catch the grocery depart­ ment on the main floor. 
Staffed by clerks in gray morning trousers and tail­ coats.' Gourmet canned food to take home. 
Go out the back door into narrow Jermyn street. 
Turnbull & Asser make shirts to measure for Mi­ chael Caine, Sir Laurence 
Olivier and Prince Charles. 
An evening shirt goes for 
$1oo.) 
From Jermyn street into 
.Piccadilly through Simp­ son’s. (Daks slacks.) Lilly- white’s on the corner of 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 
Piccadilly Circus has five t'erent kinds of wood, floors of sports equipment. 
On No. 14 again to Char­ ing Cross and Foyle’s, the world’s biggest book store. 
Has four million volumes. 
Ask for a hard-to-find book and Foyle’s is delighted. 
They love a challenge. 
They’ll find it. And mail it to you. 
Londoners line up at bu* stops. No shoving. Take your place at the end of the line. 
Once on, tell the conduc­ tor where you’re going — the name of the store will do. He rolls off the proper length of ticket from a machine around his neck 
You pay by distance. 
These stops will run a dime to 15 cents U.S. You pay in 
English pence. By this time you’ll have a confusing pocketful. 
It’s rainy in London and the weather’s a chill 36 degrees. After you get off at Piccadilly Circus, walk a block to Burberry’s. Ask somebody to point you in the right direction. 
I bought a black silk raincoat for $125. Some dude! 
If you haven’t bought an umbrella for London, wait. 
Gladstone bought his um­ brellas from James Smith 
& Sons at 53, New Oxford 
Street. 
The green brocade Cere­ monial Umbrella with silver fringe, carried by the Ni­ gerian chief, was made here. The African leader ordered two of them — $3oo apiece. 
A wide selection of han­ dles: Rhino horn. Ivory. 
Tortoise shell. Seventy dif- 

You can buy a cane or walking stick. They mea­ sure you and cut the cane to your length while you wait. Sword canes with 
27-inch steel blades cost 
$75. 
The firm invented the shooting stick. The thing that unfolds into a little seat. (Where you relax while the native beaters 

 drive the tiger up to your murderous gun. Yes, Sa­ hib.) 
You may never need a cane or umbrella again, but they’re great conversa­ tion pieces back home. 
“Yes, from James Smith & 
Sons. ALL the Prime Min­ isters buy their umbrellas trfere.” 
They sell a cane with a handle that unscrews. The inner cylinder holds a half pint of whisky. 
Toulouse Lautrec bought one to take to the opera. 
For small emergencies. 
Or long operas. 
Tractor pull on the m ark 
The second annual Texas 
Championship Tractor Pull is set for Joe Freeman Co­ liseum Jan. 7-9. 
Entered in this year’s competition are 16o drivers from as far away as 
Canada and as near to home as South Texas. 
The Jan. 7 and 8 compe­ titions will begin at 7 p.m. with the final Jan. 9 contest 

 starting at 2 p.m. 
Competition will pit tractors in two classifica­ tions. stock and modified, pulling a weight of 5o,ooo pounds. 
Tickets are priced $4 for adults and $ 1.5o for chil­ dren 12 and under and are available at Joske’s and at the Coliseum gate on com- petition days. 

The food's fa n ta s tic ... the fu rn ish in g s f i n e ... hut the feeling's inform al at 

SERVING 
Breakfast 
Lunch Dinner 
Cocktails 
(CLOSED MONDAYS) 
On the plaza IN BOERNE 249-3ooo 

F R I D A Y S : 8 p.m.-12 mid. 
SATURDAYS: 8 p m .-I a m.* 

* NO Alcoholic Beverages 
* 8. Y. O. B. IF 18 
O p e n to Student* 
O p e n to Student* 

* G R A C H 7 THRU 12 
* G R A D !S 9 THRU C O U IG ! 

— SINCE 1961 — 
o *m U € * STUDENT CENTER rn-", 
A®e» (ram Ndrth B aa Stadium 
FOR STUDENT TEENS 
DANCES-^ 
EVERY FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 8 P M.-? 
FEATURING OUTSTANDING TAMA DANCE BANDS 

SMACX M I • G A II IRAORNU > COO! WITH OR WITHOUT A OAK 

For Further In fo rm a tio n C o ll 8 2 4 - 2 3 6 7 o r 7 3 2 - S I 2 5 

P I TED NUC'ENT 
SA N A N T O N IO A REN A JAN. 22 

Sail Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

FREE CONCERTS FOR THE CITY 
TODAY 3:oo pm 
Municipal Auditorium 
Harvey Biskin conducting 
In cooperation with the 
Parks & Recreation Dept., 
City of San Antonio 

WED. POPS 
Cy Coleman, 
Slnger-Pianist 
Composer of “Hey Look 
Me Over,” “If My Friends 
Could See Me Now,** 
“Witchcrafto 
Banquet Hall 
Convention Center 
8:oo pm 
Roger Melone conducting 

JAN 8*/1ot 
CARMEN BALTHROP. 
Soprano 
Theo Alcantara conducting 
’8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts 
17 :3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

Tickets: 
Subscription Series 
$3 to $6.5o 
Pops 
$5 and $6 
Also available at Record Hole 

SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Ion wary 2,1977 
PAGE 5 

W itte sets full calendar year of events 
, i j i» I n 
111111 
• 
'itIi its; 5oth anriiv^rcnrv int? exhibits are scheduled Museum of china and silver and cartoons, and Old froth April through August. 
Bazine reported that 
With its 5oth anniversary year about to pass into history, the Witte Memor­ ial M useum is looking ahead to the start of its second half century with a full schedule of exhibits, a c tiv ities and special events for 1977. 
More than a dozen tour- 

 ng exhibits are scheduled to be on display at the 
Witte during the New Year, beginning with a collection of wash drawings by ma- gie-lantern artist Joseph 
Beggs Beale in January. 
This will be followed in succeeding months by col­ lections from the Campbell 

I l l 
Museum of china and silver soup tureens and serving pieces, photographs by 
Dean Brown, silver objects from A rgentina, m aster boots and leather goods by 
Cosimo Lucchese, ‘Vhuage of America” in caricatures 

 and cartoons, and Old 
Ranches of the Texas 
Plains. 
The highlight of the 1977 schedule in an exhibition of 
A bstract E xpressionism from the Blaffer Gallery, which will be at the Witte 

EUROPE 

CHARTERS 

Low Cost Foil & Winter Charters 
For Example: I Week london Show Tour 

( 

 including air, hotel and show tickets ) 
$ from5o7 

WEEKLY DEPARTURES 
MAKE RESERVATIONS N O W ! 
For more information call (512) 828-81o1 
World Tikvel 

C e n t e r 
$3o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, ILAAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

River group show slated 
Arts and crafts fans are due a special treat along the river Jan. 8. 
A day-long d em onstra­ tion of a rts and crafts techniques and equipment presented by resident and visiting craftsmen at River 
Square m arketplace will begin at ll a m. 
Included in the presenta­ tion at the Commerce and 
Presa streets location are linoleum print-m aker Ri­ 

 chard Conn, potter Pat 
McTee, m acram e a rtist 
Michael Brooks and calli­ grapher Dr. Louis Shiao. 
Visiting artists will be 
Virginia F itzgerald and 
Margaret Newmann. 

Robert Castillo will also be on hand to show his metal sculptor techniques and Larry Wagner will de­ monstrate wax cast jewelry making. 

>ril through August. 
On Feb. 19 and 2o, the 
Witte will be the site of 
“ Heirloom 
D iscovery 
Days” , which will give the public an opportunity to bring antiques, art, and heirlooms to the Museum for a verbal appraisal by a team of experts from the famed Sotheby Parke Bur­ net auction house in Los 
Angeles. 
For a small per-item re­ gistration fee, these exper­ ienced auctioneers will ex­ amine paintings, sculpture, ceramics, silver, rugs, ta­ pestries, and furniture with an eye toward locating items worthy for sale on consignm ent with the world-famous auction firm. 
When Sotheby P ark e 
Bernet held its first ap­ praisal clinic in New York two years ago, TIME ma­ 

 gazine reported that more than 18,ooo people carried in items worth approxima­ tely five million dollars. 
P rogram s have su bse­ quently been held at mu­ seums in cities throughout the U nited S tates, and many “Treasures” — some which were purchased at flea markets or stored in closets and attics for many years — have reaped thou­ sands of dollars for their lucky owners. 
T here will be a per- item-evaluated fee for all evaluations made during the event. 

F e b ru a ry ’s 
H eirloom 
D iscovery Days at the 
Witte will be the first such opportunity for San Anton­ ians to learn the value of their own art, antiques, and other curious objects. 

Theater set plans tour 

Theater San Antonio is accepting reservations on a 
1o-day C aribbean cruise aboard the Stella Solaris. 
Sailing round trip from 

Kro 

RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 

N O R TH s t a r m a l l 34o 2761 
TRtNiTY U N IV E R SIT Y 736-7211 

W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L 654-631o 

Vi hat’s the best air fare for your next trip? 
Ask Rennert World Travel 
No Obligation! 
(jinlu«-i) about air far*-*? lot Ii ru­ in-rt World 'travel And you the Im-I available tare tor your next vacation or bubble— trip. w «• aren't in the airline hu»ine»«. So we eau be objec tive about whieh one i* bent for you. W e bandle atmo*! all of them. We're familiar with the far** 
Htrueture*. route*, departure time*. 

Jn*t till oui the coupon below, ami take it to the Kenner! World Travel offiee neare*l vou. You'll fief an aii-wer the suite day. 

Note: lf vour trip *hould include 
•topover*, it i» a tittle more com­ plicated. Better call u*. or conte in to one of our office*. 

Questions: 

Y o u ill! in Ii**ra* 

 r n . 

_ Length of trip. 

Preferred time 

< hihlreii under 12 

Preferred time 

H ep . 

 lh •!*t tital ion 
_ 

D eparture d a le______________ 

Number iii party 
....... 

Ret tint date 

T ype of plane p referred___ 

Most im portant: Lowest tare CU t oiiven ieitt depart, tim e CD 

I b lier fS p eeify l 

Name 
. 
Address_______ 

City______________________ State______________Zip. 

Galveston Feb. 9-19, the cruise visits Montego Bay and Port Antonio, Jam aica; 
P o rt-au -P rin ce, 
H aiti; 
G rand C aym an Island; 
Playa del Carmen on the 
Y ucatan peninsula and 
Cozumel, Mex. 
The price of $72o includes m eals and nightly ship­ board entertainm ent. Op­ tional charter bus service is available from San An­ tonio to the pier. Those flying to Houston will be picked up at the airport and driven to Galveston at no extra cost. 
Reservations and infor­ mation are available at 
828-6444. 

HAWAIIAN 
HOSPITALITY 77 

I DATS /7 NIGHTS s456 
I Ct a; pot* trow San Anteri', k 
TRADE (HIND TOURS 
OE HAWAII 
I 

CONT AC T YOUR I N A V I I AGENT 
U 

-I • 
• I/ I 
| I 

A M A G IC SH O U fe atu rin g C lau d e C ro n e anti 
Francis T u c k e r will be in the wpotliglit during the fir*! two Saturday* in January at San Antonio Kine 
Art* Center. Children ticket** are $2; adult*, 82.5U with grou p rates available for lite 2 p.m . »how*. 
Inform ation it* available at 653*72 11. 

I 

PACI 6 
CXPRISS-NfWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E January 2,1977 

Even more fun in the winter 
.. . The Settlement Inn. 

A winter fire crackling in the natural fireplace to warm your toes, 
A oozy drink or beer or wine to warm your heart, 
A hearty meal of barbecue or steak to warm your soul. 
All in a 126 year old place with the best barbecue in the south. 
Our Specialty — The Flatter 
A delicious ail you can-eat combination, served family style. Barbecued ribs, sausage, beef served with salad, beans, potato salad, green onions, homestyle bread, butter and honey — $4.95 per person (minimum * 3) 

HRH 25Ho l.l .ON HFHINUS. TEXAS 

12 m ile s from 4 1 o cot 
LH lO W e s t at B oerne S ta g e Hoad 

Downtown Plaza Store 
228-428o 

Selections include floor samples, new, used demonstrators, dam aged and discontinued items, 

No phone orders. All subject to prior sale, while they last. 

RANGES 
FURNITURE 
TELEVISION 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quem. 
Was 
Now 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quem. 
Was 
Now 
25319 
4ox6o-tn. oval pine finish table 
74461 
Gas range, center grill 
2 
339 95 
279.oo with Formica top ................. 
1 
249 95 
69.oo 
9191251 
3o" electric range ......... 
1 
199 95 
149 oo 
25555 
72x48 in. oval maple finish table with Formica top, 2 
62666 
3o" electric, gold with clock tim e r................ 
3 
299 95 
229 oo leaves ................................... 
2 
199 95 
79.oo 
6o564 
Gas, avocado, glass door 
28544 
36x58-m. dinette table. oven, electric clock ............ 
1 
289.95 
219.oo chrome legs ......................... 
I 
13o95 
63 OO 
72761 
Gas. white with oven time 
5491 
Brown recliner ..................... 
1 
189 95 
89 oo settings, 3 rn........................ 
? 
399 95 
3o4 oo 
54495 
Tan "Centurian" recliner .... 
1 
299 95 
179 oo 
74561 
36 in. gas with grill 
54417 
Brown vinyl recliner ............ 
I 
219.95 
149.oo in center, visi-bake door .... 
I 
399 95 
349 OO 
54417 
Green vinyl recliner ...... .... 
1 
219 95 
89.oo 
74551 
36 in gas. center grill 
1 
399 95 
249.oo 
77oo 
4 o ” metal desk, 2-drawer, 
Formica top, locking drawer 
2 
69 99 
49.oo 
92861 
3o-in. ceramic top electric with automatic oven, 

Occasional Tables 

Were $59.95 to f 149.95 
25 to sell 
$ 1 9 * 5 9 

92366 

25244 
48" open maple hutch ........ 2 
13732 
4 o" white hutch top ............ 2 
5o76 
Curio hall piece ................... 3 
9o273 Wrought iron glass top table. 2 c h a irs ...................... I 
76558-79555 
King size foam combination mattress and foundation ... 
71442-72462 
Mismatched twin sets .................... 
72165 39x8o twin foundations , 
79565 39x8o" extra long twin 

14o oo 
1o9 95 
129 95 

19 OO 
39 OO 
69 OO 

129 95 
69.oo 

 continuous c le a n .................. 1 
3o in gold electric w/visi-bake d o o r.................. I 
91866 3o-in. ceramic top electric gold w/contmuous cleaning, visr- bake door ............................. 2 
78664 Avocado classic 3o" gas w/double oven .................... I 
9 8 6 6 1 White classic 3o” Electric self-cleaning double oven .... 1 
78661 White classic 3o” gas w/double oven .................... 1 
98666 Gold classic 3o" electric delay start, cook and off oven ...................................... I 
78664 Avocado, classic 3o" gas continuous cleaning oyen .... 1 

389.95 

349 95 

399 95 

6o9 95 

6o9 95 

599 95 

599 95 

6o9 95 

3o9.oo 

299.oo 

299.oo 

519.oo 

399 oo 

449 OO 

499 OO 

499 OO 

76-79867 
Queen sue combmatior mattress & foundation 
76 79857 
Queen combination .... 
76527-79ooo 
Queen combination 
71-72167 Queen Combination ........ 

71814 
79954 
76 799 
76954 

Full box springs 

76 79862 
Twin combination 
76542 Twin Sears O Pedic 

71 72ooo 
79562 Tin 

1 
4 1 9 9 o 
229 OO 

IO 
159 oo 
69 OO 
2 
11o oo 
29 OO 

3 
13o oo 
29 OO 

3 
379 95 
179 OO 
I 
379 95 
159 OO 
3 
279 95 
129 OO 
1 
369 95 
129 OO 
I 
149 95 
49.oo 
I 
149 95 
39 OO 
I 
119 95 
39 OO 
I 
189 9o 
99 OO 
2 
89 95 
39 OO 
1 
239 oo 
119oo 
I 
2 1 9 9 o 
99 OO 
I 
199 88 
99 OO 

2 
119 95 
69 OO 
1 
139 9o 
59 OO 
1 
119 95 
29 OO 

Twin and Queen Headboards 

Were $49 95 to $89 95 
18 to sell 
198 8 39 88 

REFRIGERATORS 
65711 White, top freezer 17 o cu. ft 
Space Saver, all frostless .... 1 
379 95 359.oo 
66o51 White, side-by-side 19.1 cu. ft. w/ice maker and water dispenser .............................. 1 679 95 549.oo 
66721 White, top freezer 17 o cu. It. all frostless, space saver door 1 
459 95 399.oo 
63o21 Side by side. 19 o c u ft 
4 
449 95 399.oo 
65954 Avocado. 22 3 cu. ft. w/ice maker ........................ I 649 95 499.oo 
65952 Copper, 22 3 cu. ft. w/ice maker ................. 1 649 95 529 oo 
66161 Stde-by-side. 22.3 cu. ft. w h ite ..................................... I 629 95 499 OO 
66726 Gold. top freezer 17.o cu. ft 
I 
469 95 399 oo 
65951 White, top freezer 22.3 cu. ft. w/ice maker ........................ 1 639 95 519 oo 
65954 Avocado, top freezer 
22.3 cu. ft. w/ice maker .... 1 649 95 529 oo 
66961 White, top freezer 
22.2 cu. ft. w/ice maker and water t a p ...................... I 699 95 549.oo 
66146 Gold, side-by side 
19 I cu. ft all fro stless 
1 
559 95 479.oo 
DISHWASHERS 

76o76 Portable wood slat top ...... 2 374 95 279 OO 
76o76 Portable................................ I 
374 9b 259 OO 

COMPACTORS 
71-72812 
Twin combination ... 
71442 Twin mattress ............ 
76 79562 
Twin luxury Sears O- 
Pedic mattress & foundation............... 

I 
239 9o 
6 
89 oo 
69 OO 
39 OO 

I 
239 9o 
99 OO 

439o4 
432o1 
437o6 
437o4 
437o1 

Olive . 
White 
Gold .. 
Olive „ 
White 

199 95 
149 95 
2o4 95 
2o4 9b 
199 95 

129 OO. 
89 OO 
139 OO 
159 oo 
139 OO 

Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
Was 
Now 
Black & White Portables 
5oo3 
8 inch ................................ 
2 
84 95 
69 OO 
5ooo 
8 inch ............. 
79 95 
64 OO 
5o211 
8-inch AC or DC ............. 
129 95 
99.oo 
5o165 
12 in c h ............................. 
I 
99 95 
84 OO 
5o12 
8-tnch .................. 
99 95 
79 oo 

Color Portables 
4194 
19” I button color 
.... 
5 
459 95 
339 oo 
4175 
19” 1-button color 
...... 
I 
429 95 
369 oo 
4196 
19” I -button color 
..... 
I 
A 19.95 
339 oo 
4185 
19” solid state w*^* 
1-button cole..................... 
1 
449 95 
339 oo 
422o1 
19" w/soft touch selector ................ 
529 95 
399 OO 
4173 
19" 1oo% solid state 
1 
389 95 
319oo 
Console Color 
4374 
25" walnut cabinet .......... 
I 
669 95 
349 oo 
4432 
25" Open Hearth, dark pine colonial cabinet 
I 
779.95 
649 oo 
44812 
25" maple cabinet, touch system, 1 button color 
1 
829 95 
599 OO 
43321 
25" UHF-VHF, walnut cabinet ............................. 
I 
599 95 
369 oo 
44771 
25" traditional cabinet w/1 button color ....... 
1 
6 2 9 9 5 
529 oo 
448o1 
25" soft touch with dark walnut cabinet 
I 
829 95 
629 oo 
4423 
25" colonial cabinet. 
1 -button color 
I 
619 95 
599.oo 
44812 
25" soft touch w/colonidl maple cabinet .................. 
I 
829 95 
699 OO 
4354 
25" walnut cabinet w/1 button c o lo r ............ 
2 
499 95 
349 OO 
44 751 
25" walnut cabinet w/1 button color ............. 
2 
599 95 
499 OO 
43551 
25" walnut cabinet 
VHF & UHF 
I 
499 95 
349 OO 
43321 
25" walnut, modern ....... 
I 
529 95 
329 OO 
(all TV picture tubes measured overall diagonal) 

WASHERS AND DRYERS 
66736 
Gold Dryer, large capacity ... 
I 
3o9 95 
189 OO 
26936 
Lady Kenmore, gold washer 
I 
4o9 95 
359 oo 
66751 
W hite dryer, heavy duty .... 
I 
219 95 
179 oo 
469o2 
Portable wastier, copper 
I 
299 99 
239 OO 
669o1 
W hite dryer, heavy duty ..... 2 
269 95 
229 OO 
26931 
Washer, 4 water level 
2 
399 95 
339 OO 
669o6 
Gold dryer, heavy duty 
I 
2 79 95 
239 OO 
66751 
W hite dryer, heavy duty 
.... 
1 
2 1 9 9 5 
179 oo 
161o1 
W hite washer, 2 speed 
I 
199 95 
179 oo 
167o4 
Avocado washer. heavy duty 
I 
289 9b 
249 OO 
26921 
W hite washer, heavy duty 
5 water temperatures ......... 
I 
359 95 
319 OO 
66931 
Lady Kenmore, Dryer white 
1 
299 95 
239 OO 
26936 
Lady Kenmore, wastier, gold 
I 
4o9 95 
339 OO 

FREEZERS 
1644 
Chest, 18 2 cu. ti flash defrost, thin wall ........ 
I 
369 95 
329 oo 
1663 
Chest 22 3 cu ft thin wall, porcelain on steel 
I 
369 95 
349 oo 
2757 
Upright. 19 5 CU ft. frostless. thin wall 
.......... 
I 
429 95 
399 OO 
2625 
Upright. 16 o cu ft. 
66" high. 29^ wide. 
3 1 V deep 
1 
329 95 
279 OO 
DOWNTOWN PLAZA STORE BASEMENT 

A crowd of one 

CBing has been hailed as a lifesaver for people, like tru c k e rs and tra v e lin g salesmen, who are on the road. But many of the na­ tion’s enthusiastic CBers never leave town or drive on the freeway. 
These people have no ap­ parent need for a CB radio, but they’re often the ones who receive the crucial messages from other CBers who need help. The CB is more to them than just a tool or a casual pastim e. 
It’s an obsession. 
They spend hours at a stretch in front of the CB radio at home, talking to other people who they’ve never met and might not even say “hello” to if they met them on a street and didn t know who they were. 

So why are they into 
(Bing? 
T hat’s a question that social scientists are begin­ ning to ask, and we can look for some research on the subject in the future. 
Dr. W illiam Lee, an a/??J?ropologist and CBer for the las/ 12 years, has already re se a rc h ed the subject and has' rome to some conclusions. 
“ People want to com ­ municate with other peo­ ple. That’s a basic anthro­ pological principle,” says 
Dr. Lee, anthropological curator at the Los Angeles 
Museum of N atural His­ tory. 
“ But in th is country we’ve gotten away from personal contact. 
You might be in a traffic jam in downtown Los Angeles, but you’re still isolated inside the car.” 
The CB allows people to reach out and have the kind of contact they need, he says, and they’re also able 

CB Convac Electro- 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor o f The CB Times-Journal 

 to fulfill psychological and sociological needs. 
“ Small groups tend to form over the CB. It’s sort of a living room discussion group, and people really look forward every night to m aking these personal contacts that they can’t make in everyday life. 
“ People who are shy tend to lose that shyness when they’re on the air, and they essentially 
‘d isco v er’ themselves on the CB. They discover other people with common needs and prob­ lem s. It’s really quite therapeutic.” 
Since it fulfills these needs, Dr. Lee is confident that CBing will rem ain more than just a fad. 
Dr. Lee’s specialty in anthropology is communi­ cations. and he sees the CB boom as a social pheno­ menon that’s being ignored 
— most of the academic cor triunity. 
“ A great many people are dismissing it as a fad and, like a lot of other things that have been con­ sidered fads, CBing won’t receive the attention it needs for some tim e,” he sqys. 
Dr. Lee recently put to­ gether, through the Uni­ versity of California at Los 
Angeles extension pro­ gram , a one-day sym po­ sium on the cultural and psychological aspects ol 
CBing. 
Included on the program were CBers, highway pa­ 

 trolmen, representatives of the CB manufacturing in­ dustry, and social scien­ tists. The audience was made up largely of other social scientists and psy­ chologists who were cur­ ious about the CBing ex­ plosion and what it means. 

Dr. Lee also has students working under him on ad­ vanced degrees who are planning research on the subject. 

He has his own ideas about why CBers do certain things. ('Hers handles, for instance, are names that people give themselves to project an image of how they see themselves or how they would like other peo­ ple to see them. 
Dr. Lee’s handle, by the way, is Smiling Tiger. And how did he come by the handle? 
“The museum houses the state fo ssil a prehis­ toric tiger found in the tar pits. Because of the shape of its mouth, with the long saber teeth, we call it smi­ ley. A drawing of it is on the bumper stickers m u­ seum employees have for the parking lot. 
“ One day when I was stuck in traffic, another 
CBer behind me asked, 
‘Say, does the guy with the 
Smiling Tiger have his ears on?’ 
“ I said, ‘Sure, you got the Sm iling T ig e r.’ It sounded good, so I just kept it.” 
Stamps holiday fun 

Christmas is a feast for stamp collectors. 
During the holiday sea­ son, nations throughout the world issue a variety of stamps for the occasion. 
Topical collectors who specialize in this subject have a difficult time keep­ ing up with the multitude of stamps, most of which have a religious theme. 
A majority of the religious designs are based on paintings by the old m asters or art objects dating back many cen ­ turies. 
Great Britain’s set of four stam ps for 
1976 is based on 
C hristm as scenes from I3th and 14th century embroidery. 
This medieval em­ broidery was among the finest of its kind and valued highly throughout Europe. 
It was known as 
“Opus Anglicanum” 
— the English work 
The scenes on all four adhesives are from em broideries 
PAGH 

Stamps 

From Associated Press 

ANTIGUA 

C h n s t m d s ! 9 7 t > 

 which are part of the collection at the Vic­ toria and Albert Mu­ seum in london. fXPtfSS-MfttS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January J, 1977 

The 6.5-pence stamp fea­ tures the Virgin Child from the 
C lare 
C hasuble 
(1272-1294) in the style of the reign of King Henry 111. 
The 8.S p shows the fi­ gure of an angel bearing a crown and has been taken from a p air of panels 
(134o-137o) found in a cha­ pel in Hampshire. 

The 11-p depicts an angel appearing to the shepherds. 
It is from one of three panels (132o-134o), part of the decoration of an eccle­ siastical vestm ent known as an alb, on which are scenes of events in the life of the Virgin Mary, 

The 13-p illustrates the th ree kings presen tin g g ifts, taken from the 
Buller-Bowden 
Cope 
(133o-135o) one of the finest surviving examples of Opus Anglicanum 

 computer 

 picture 

 boxes 

To misquote Tom Lehrer, “Isn’t it amazing what they are doing with electronics now-a-days? 

The vision of a repairman attacking my defenseless camera with a soldering iron is more frightening than a dozen class 
“C” mad scientists from all the horror movies I’ve seen. 

What happened to the m echanical cameras? 

Where have the fine, German machin­ ists gone? 

Like a watch, all cameras of yesteryear were essentially the same inside. When the film advance lever was moved certain gears turned, tensioning the shutter, ro­ tating a certain shaft and advancing the film. 

IF SOMETHING went wrong, any good cam era repairm an could fix it. The re­ pairman didn t have to be familiar with that particular brand and model Like a watch, a camera had to be built similar to all others. 

Today, even familiarity isn’t enough. A scematie diagram is required to trouble shoot the electronic gutts of the modern non-mechanical, computer-like devices of photography. 

I suppose it is just as possible to be in love with fine electronics as it is lo be. 
I enchanted by excellent mechanics. 

Maybe you think so. 

TRY TO IMAGINE the celebrity in current antifreeze commercials. The one that says “ this is my Packard and it gets only the best.” Imagine him caressing a computer and saying he gives his com­ puter only the finest electricity. 

My invagination won’t stretch quite that far. 

Before someone accused me of being an old man (which I’m not), or set in my ways (which I am but don’t care to be accused of), I dropped by the cam era shire for a look at the new electronic giz­ mos that take pictures. 

Tripping the shutter on a new Contax 
RTS gave me a good dose of Future Shock 
.(the only shock these cam eras can deliver). 

I once owned a Contax. A 1958 model, as 
I recall. Clunky, boxy, slow but extremely well m ade, it was a m achine lovers’ dream. 

THE SHUTTER release button was stiff and hard to press without shaking the camera Film advance was slow and took a couple of long strokes but the camera never needed batteries because everyth­ ing was entirely mechanical. 

Not so with the new Contax RTS. The 
RTS stands for Real Time System which may mean som ething to you scientific buffs. 

The term comes from computer tech­ nology and refers to the time required for 

Photo Tips 

 a computer to retrieve a “ bit” of stored information, usually measured in parts of a nanosecond. 
How fast is a nanosecond? 

Faster than a politician's denial; 

Somewhere between a mosquito’s wings and yesterday. 

Contax is just wishing The camera is not that fast but it is a significant step in elim inating lag between pressing the shutter release and taking the picture. 

WITH THE MOTORIZED winder at­ tached (I understand you can get the ca­ mera without a winder but I don’t know why) the picture box is more closely re­ lated to a computer than it is to a Speed 
Grafic. 

For a person who has always liked his photography simple and direct, I’m im ­ pressed. Maybe electronics has some place in photography. That does appear to be the shape of tomorrow. 

Only two questions. 

Where does a country boy find a flock of com puter service technicians to repair this wizard box? 

And does the drug store in Silverton, 
Colo., stock a fresh supply of the right type of batteries to keep the electrons hopping? 

Here’s hoping. 

COM B I T E R I ZE D electronic* c o m e lo the world o f lh *1 *huttcrbug. An- nellt* futile check* lilt* battery for a new Contax. T h e big p ro b le m now i* what happen* when the butlery got** d e a d : r h o t o g r a p h y c o n i c * t o a n abrupt hall. 

Hunting Crystals in Arkansas 

From Page I 

 clear specimens, free of nicks from a bulldozer blade or a miner’s pick. 
Occasionally, the crystals are massive. A few years ago, Coleman miners uneartherd a 126o-pound chunk of quartz 57 inches long by 37 inches wide. 

It is now on display at Dogpatch U S A., near Harrison, 
Ark. And there have been other notable finds, such as a 
15,ooo-pound cluster believed to be one of the largest of its kind in the world. It occupies 1o-foot-wide space in 
Jimmy Coleman's yard. 

As a rule, clusters outrank single crystals in popular­ ity.A favorite grouping consists of one or two large points surrounded by a few sm aller crystals that lean in dif­ ferent directions. Contrast plays an important role in determining their market value. 
Rare or unusual forms of crystals are naturally more highly prized by collectors. Among those less commonly found at the mine are “ phantom” crystals, so named because they are embedded with faint, or heavy outlines of early growth stages. 
Other valued crystals are filled with chloride inclu­ sions, occurring as a green outline or a clouded mass. 
Also found at the mine is rutilated quartz, which resembles a piece of cut glass shot through with stainless steel razor blades. Doubly terminated (pointed on each end) crystals’are often found near clusters. Other exca­ vations occasionally yield “ smoke” colored quartz, and crystals with air bubbles trapped inside water-filled cavities. 

Perm its.to search for the crystals are available at 
Coleman’s Crystal Yard and Rock Shop, located 14 miles north of Hot Springs. For a $2 daily fee (children under 
13 are admitted free) rockhounds can prospect to their heart’s content; there is no lim itation on the amount people wish to collect. 

A small map is available that details the route to the mine, located on Miller Mountain, IO miles west of the shop on Ark. 298. A metal pry bar is provided free of charge to visitors who have no tools. 

For those who prefer to bring their own, rock ham-, mers, pickaxes and cold chisels are good choices. 

The mihe is open year-round. Hours are from 8 a m. to 
7 p.m. daily. (Winter hours are from 9 a m. to 6 p.m.) On rare occasions, the mine is closed when heavy rainfall makes cut banks unsafe for public access. Government regulations prohibit visitors from collecting within IOO feet of operating machinery. 
Many people transport their crystals from the mine in large baskets. V eteran collectors usually leave clay packed around clusters to prevent them from being chipped. Newspapers are also helpful. 
Although fresh-dug crystals may appear beautiful at the mine,, they seldom rate a place on a display shelf until the# are thoroughly cleaned. Coleman employees clean thei.r specimens by first exposing them to the sun until packed clay become dry and brittle. 
After a few days, most of the clay is easily blasted away with water from a high-pressure hose. 
To remove stubborn iron stains, the crystals are routed to large tanks filled with an oxalic acid solution. 

The tanks are then covered and heated to aoout 18o degree^.Fahrenheit, just short of boiling. 

.. About six hours later, the heat is removed and the solution is allowed to cool down to room temperature. If the crystals are exposed to air before the solution cools, they are likely to be filled with tiny cracks. 

Other precautions have to be taken as well. Immedia- ' tely after the crystals emerge from their acid bath, it is necessary to spray them with water. Otherwise, they will 
— be covered with a thin yellow film. 
Some of the better specimens are packed for shipment to private museums and collectors around the world. 
. 
Others are piled on sturdy tables at Coleman’s Crystal 
4 
Yard and Rock Shop, next door to the processing plant. 
In addition to quartz crystals, the yard is covered with 
J towering masses of other rocks and minerals. About HH) 
} tables are loaded with such specimens as geodes from 
Mexico, rose quartz from South Dakota, copper from 
Arizona, and Arkansas’ own wavellite, barite and nova- cu Ii ter One table has over 3o different minerals to choose from. 

Yard specimens are sold by the piece of by the pound. 
Prices range from IO cents each for small quartz crystal to $3 a pound for a chunk of flourite from Illinois. 
Inside the shop, visitors are surrounded by a multitude of other rocks and minerals, ranging from small polished stones to slices of onyx embedded in massive tables imported from Mexico. 
For additional information, contact the Arkansas De­ partment of Parks and Tourism, 149 State-Capitol, Little 
Rock, Ark. 722o1, phone (5o1) 371-1511. 

Have you considered 

High & Low Tatras? 

It’s been snowing in Czechoslo­ vakia since late September, and the ski resorts in Slovakia’s High and Low Tatras (the best ski areas in the country) are bustling with thousands of winter holidayers crossing over from Austria, Bul­ garia, Germany, Poland, Russia, and . . . yes . . . the United States. 

Snow’s snow, you might say, so why go all of this way for a few down hills? For a number of reasons. 
Slovakia is fast building up its ski faci­ lities. In 1964 there were only ll cable lifts and 39 ski tows. By 1976 there are 18 cable lifts and 251 ski tows, with some 4o to 5o permanent tows added annually. New ho­ tels are also springing up to accommodate the increasing number of visitors. 
Czechoslovakia represents one of the best bargains for a winter holiday in all of 
Europe, with costs for skiing just pennies 
(or crowns) a day . . . and a double room with bath, and two meals, first class as low as $2o per day. 
Slovakia is an ancient part of the world, still new to many visitors who explore the little villages where people are living as they have for hundreds of years. Because 
Slovakia is so com pact, i f s easy to ski-hop and take in the flavor of several resorts. 
And then, of course, there s the Koliha for apres ski - the unique Shepherd’s Hut where food is barbecued over an open pit, mulled wine is served, and gypsy violins play on and on. 
The gateway to the High Tatras is Po- prad, 3o minutes fly time from Bratisla­ va. and the hub for reaching most of the ski resorts in both the High and L>w Ta­ tras. In the High Tatras, the best known resorts are: 
Stary Smokovee — Largest of the ski resort centers. Stary is a complex of ho­ tels, chalets, gift shops, restaurants, and all facilities for dow nhill and c ro ss­ country skiing. Heading the list of hotels here is the old Grand with 1o3 rooms, and five suites. 

T atranska Lomnica also offers first class hotels, good skiing facilities and a must signtseeing attraction - the Museum of the T atra National Park. Its Slovan 
Hotel has 21o beds in 88 rooms, all with private bath. 
Strbske Pleso, the scene of the World 
Championships in Nordic Events in 197o, is about IO miles from Stary Smokovee, with two excellent hotels - the Panorama and Fis. Also . . . opening this month is a new hotel. Hotel Patria, located on the scenic mountain lake of Strebske Pleso. 
Horny Smokovee is a tiny resort town between Stary Smokovee and Tatranskai 
Lomnica where its Hotel Bellevue is a favorite, offering guests a heated indoor pool. 
While in the High Tatras, make a side trip to the tiny village of Zdiar near the 
Polish bord er to see the typical folk houses of wood, and the em broidered costumes of the people in this area . . . and to shop for home made crafts in the 
Zdiar Handicraft Shop. 
And in the Low Tatras: 
The Low Tatras, located only a few do­ zen miles to the south, have a 6o mile long range that is called the backbone of Slo­ vakia, running west-to-east between the two largest Slovak rivers - the Vah and 
Hron. 
In contrast to the rocky formations of the High Tatras, the ridges of the Low 
Tatras are wooded, more rounded, and uncommonly beautiful. 
The highest peaks are Durn bier and 
Chopok, which Skiing Magazine cited as 
"one of the best skiing areas anywhere.” 
Low Tatra areas include: 

Jasna — one of the fatest growing ski resorts in the country , with the Czechos­ lovaks aiming to prepare it for the 1984 
Olympics. Its mountain is Chopok, 6,644 feet high, with 13 lifts, and a network of trails and slopes. The three best hotels in this area, costing about $25 per night with two meals, are the Kosodievina, Srdiecko and Druzba. 
Janska dolina, at the upper end of the village of Liptovsky Jan, is known for its 
Bumbler Peak. The recreation house of 

Bumbler features a therm al swimming pool. 
Remember, High or Low, the prices are right, and the slopes are uncluttered with no long waits for the lifts. 
Tours can be arranged by CSA Cze­ 

 choslovak Airlines, or your San Antonio area travel agents. 
One warning - don’t just pack up your bag and take off without reserved accom­ modations, or you’ll find yourself with no room at any inn. 
IVM IU .ftinm X UIMDAV MAGA Z U! ! — 
I 1977 

VIEW of S lo v ak ia's High T atras in w in ter 

Natlie: Second time around 

NEW YORK - When beautiful Natlie Wood is asked how many years she’s been m arried to handsome Robert Wagner, she says, “Which time?” 
It’s their second time ar­ ound, their second m ar­ riage to each other, and they celebrate all the anni­ versaries — twice as many as most couples. But as to how long they’ve been married (to each other), 
Natalie breaks it down straight-forwa rdly. 
“ Eight years — but that’s over nine years, or nine and a half. You see, we lived together for one 
.year before we got married 
Rhe first time, and for six months before we got mar­ ried the second time. Do you have that straight?" 

On Broadway 

By EARL WILSON 
I was afraid I didn't. The two Beautiful People are making the second time around work. 
In fact they happen to have worked together in 
NBC’s televised “Cat on a 
Hot Tin Roof” with Laur­ ence Olivier and Maureen 
Stapleton, aired Dec. 6. 
Natalie and “ R.J.” have been sitting in the Pro­ menade Cafe watching the 
Rockefeller 
Ice 
Rink skaters through the big window. 
She is wearing a bur­ gundy gabardine slit skirt 

 and vest, and a mauve silk shirt and a gold bracelet. 
They both wear wedding rings. 
“I have both our wedding rings from our first m ar­ riage on a chain,” Natalie volunteers. “ As for the children we have his, hers, and ours. Rate, 12, who is his; Natasha, 6, who is mine, and Courtney 2 1/2, who is ours. We also have three dogs, three cats, two rabbits and two hamsters. 
“So how long have you been married this time?” 
“Four and a half years. 

I n c l u d i n g th * A w j r d W i n n i n g Episode, “ Th* C a g * ”, B a n n e d ( r o m TV in its O r i g i n a l F o r m . 
Als* lh* Fa mous STAR TREK Blooper Reels. 

H e i r ie n e s t ! * e t a n a t o * 
‘ i i- 

“ THE WORLD OF STAR TREK" 
Featuring Creator and Prod ucer 
Gene Roddenberry 
S a n A n to n io C o n v e n tio n Center Arena 
Sunday. January 9th — 7:oo p m. Tickets reserved at SS.SO A S i . SO lest* at A rena Sea attic a. Jam A Jell* C a n tra l t ia r a A A », *> » « *'« Ar e|a ie S u tite . a n * All M ilita ry l a m 
. f U ilit . r , A C A i!*r*» artier l l 
• , P ric e ! 

It was July ‘72,” Natalie says, “on a boat at Para­ dise Cove near Malibu. We have our own boat now, a 
6o-foot power boat we’ve named ‘Splendour’ from splendor in the G rass.’ 
We’re on it when R.J. gets time off from his series.” 
Bob, who’s 46 to Natalie’s 
38, is teamed with Eddie 
Albert in the TV series 
“Switch.” He plays an ex­ convict working with an ex-cop in an agency that straightens out things (so­ metimes) for people in trouble. 
“Working in episodic TV, you seldom get out,” 
Wagner says. “This tour with Natalie has been won­ derful, being able to get a real response from people who watch you.” 
They made a lot of pic­ k ers in the ‘5os and ‘6os and they enjoy working to­ gether “ but we’re not especially interested in working as a team ,” 
Wagner says. 
“We want to be a team in real life — and we are,” 
Natalie says firmly nod­ 

 ding her head. 
How did they get back together for the second time around? 
After each had been m arried to sombebody else? It seems Bob wrote her some letter and rekin­ dled that old feeling. 
Things started all over again at his house in Palm 
Springs — just like they’d started at his apartment in 
Beverly Hills the first time around in 1957 and 1958. 
“It just seemed inevitable that we would be back to­ geth er,’’ says Natalie. 
“When I was unpacking and came upon the Mrs. 
Wagner stationery from the first marriage that I’d still kept, that’s when I thought. 
You remember,” she men­ tions, “in the interim I was m arried to 
Richard 
Gregson?” 

“Just once?” I ask her. 
Natalie smiles at my gaffe. “Just once.” 
Laurenece Olivier asked for them for 
“ C at.” 
Wagner says, “The part just dropped out of the sky..” Natalie would like to do some theater, she says, 
“but I don’t want to be away from R .J.” 

“We won’t forget the air date of ‘Cat’ because it’s our anniversary — the first anniversary of the first time we met!” she hastens to explain. 
R.J. turns to her. “ You know, you look terrific. 
You’ve been working so hard but you look great!” 
Natalie is clearly pleased. 
“ You know. R .J.,’’ she says, “you’ve got a way with you.” 

Question? Problem? Vi rile 
ACTION/EXPRESS for Help. 
Answers Every Day in the Express. 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Wednesday 
Pops 
8:oo pm 
Banquet Hall 
January 5 

Roger Melone conducting 
Listen to Cy Coleman singer-pianist composer of 
“Hey Look Me Over” 
“Witchcraft” 
“Real Live Girl” 
“If My Friends Could See Me Now” 
— One of the most versatile and influential artists in the music industry today — 
Tickets: $5 and $6 
Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

Opera is 
Magnificent in 
San Antonio! 

Jan. 28* 
3ot 

Mar. 25* 
27t 

May 2o* 
22t 

Wagner’s 
RIENZI* 
American Premiere 
In English 
James McCray, Janet Price and Rose Marie Freni 

Puccini’s 
LA BOHEME 
Karan Armstrong and William Harness 

Bellini’s 
NORMA 
Beverly Sills. Tatiana Troyanos and Robert Hale 

. 
' 
- 
,.M * * 
* fh bs 
^ 
H 
■ 
* k . • W 
; '£ 
I 

A G I 1o fXPMSS NfWS SUNDAY MAG A Z IM — January 2,1977 

*8:oo pm Theater for the Performing Arts 
13:oo pm Theater for the Performing Arts 
IThis production is made possible by the generous contribu­ tion of The Ewing Halsell Foundation. 
All 3 operas 
AS LOW AS $14 to $31.oo 
Give Opera Tickets for Christmas! 
Call 
Symphony Box Office: 223-5591 
Special discounts 
Students & Active Enlisted Military 

G E N E R A L C I N E M A T H E A T R E S 

NORTHSTAR IVERY DAY ’TR. 1:3o P.M.-$1.5o 
MCCRELESS $1.oo AIL SHOWS AT A U TIMES 

 llICKELODEONllrJ 

1 2 :o o -2 :2 o -4 :4 o -7 :2 o -9 :4 o 

 rf,? / C h * i ^ CHARLTONHESTON 
GREGORY PECK $1.oo HENRY FONE^A ES 
LEE REMICK im ' *vwo*- 

1 : 4 5 - 1 : 4 5 - 3 : 4 5 - 3 : 4 3 
1 2 : o o - 2 : 2 5 - 4 : 5 o 

: 4 5 - 9 : 4 5 I * 'PWT 
M f'- T - T -31 7 : 1 5 - 4 : 4 o 

Seven men on a 

 death defying 

 expedition. . tell 

 the shocking story 

 of the world's 

 inost intriguing m y s t e r y ! 
SASQVATCH 

Mac Davis at 34 

By RED O’DONNELL 

NASHVILLE, Tenn. - 
Amiable Mac Davis came into town for three days of recording — and has been around for more than two weeks. 
"I got to writing some songs,” he said, “ and you know the old saying, ‘When inspiration hits you, it’s like a bird on your shoulder. If you don’t grab it, it might fly away.” 
Davis, during his stay, invariably wore a football sweater (T-shirt) with the number 34 theron. 
"It has no football signi­ ficance, pro or college,” he explained. “ It was a gift from a fan last January on my 34th birthday. . . . 
“And,” he added with a sly wink, “ I’m going to outdo the late Jack Benny, who always told people he was 39 years old. From now on, I’m telling folks — in­ cluding reporters — that 
I’m 34.” 
Brenda Lee, who at 32 describes herself as an 
"old tim er” in the enter­ tainm ent business, is en­ rolled in a piano class . . . . 
“ I’m studying the basics more to learn how to read 
— and compose — music than to perform profes­ sionally at the keyboard,” she said. “ I am able to write lyrics and now I want to learn how to write the music, the melody.” 
Brenda, a 2o-year “ ve­ teran,” has been troubled with phlebitis, "But says, 
"Now I feel better than I have in several years . . . I spent more time in doctors’ offices this year than I did on stage or in the recording studio.” 
Brenda and her husband 
(Bonnie Shaeklett, a build­ ing contractor), have re­ ceived an invitation to 
P resid en t-elect 
Jim m y 
(’arter’s inauguration Jan. 
2o . . . " don’t know where we ll be seated,” Brenda jokes, “ but am sure we won’t be standing on the sidewalk.” 
G eorgia-born 
Jim m y says she knows C arter------ and adds quickly, “ but what is more important, he knows m e.” 
Grand Ole Opry regular 
Stonewall Jackson says, “ I wanted Santa to bring me a pound box of money.” 
Dolly Carton's comment about rumors she is going to play down her image as a country m usic p e r­ former: “On the contrary, 
I’m going to take country music to places where it hasn’t been too popular.” 
When asked what gift she w anted for Christmas, Dol­ ly replied: “ I already have it. A specialist in New York 
City has been treating my throat and tells me ever­ ything is going to be all right. Already I feel better and am looking forward to resuming personal appear­ ances in January." 
Memo to Mary E. Turner in New Castle, Ind.: Johnny 
Cash’s address is P.O. Box 
5o8, Caudill Lane, Hender­ sonville, Tenn. 37o75. 
Hank W illiam s Jr. is back in the University of 

Virginia Hospital for sur­ gery to correct problems resulting from facial sur­ gery he underwent Nov. 17. 
“Nothing too m ajor,” says 
Hank Jr. “ It has something to do with a minor opera­ tion on my eye.” 
M eanw hile 
H ank’s 
78-year-old g ran d fath er, 
Shelton 
Sheppard and 
7o-year-old Florida McLen­ don were wed in the bride’s hometown of Troy, Ala. 
Singer Kenny Starr in­ vested some of the royalties from his "Blind Man in the 
Bleachers” hit recording in a form in adjacent Cheath­ am C ounty, w here his neighbors are 
Tanya 
Tucker and Don Williams. 
A cu sto m er w ants to know who is the oldest re­ cording artist? . . . . The 
"granddaddy” currently is 
69-year-old Gene Autry, whose "Rudolph the Red- 
Nosed R ein d eer" re- released — is one of the 
Yuletide season's m ajor hits. However, Autry re­ corded it several years ago. 
Notes Boots Randolph, the Yakety-Sax specialist 
— 
“ I ’ve noticed that 

 country singers seem to like to have money in their last names . . . Johnny 
Cash, Johnny Paycheck 

 and Johnny Dollar. It oc­ curs to me that they’ve missed the most obvious one — Johnny Do-Re-Me!” 

CLINT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

N O W PLAYIN G !! 

UA CINE CINCO 
12:55-3:oo-5:o5-7:1o-9:15 

NORTHWEST 6 

UA MOVIES 4 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo 8:oo-1o:oo 

12:55-3:oo4 o5-7:1o 9.15 

 esentod by North American Productions, Oregon, Ltd. 

 iT O s 
- J I L . 
TO WM 
MAMO MN* (.MAM 

2nd HAIR RAISING 
WEEK 

M O * 4 5 3 1 5 
11:oo-12.5o-24o-4 3o 
6 2o-8 1o-1ooo 

CUNT EASTWOOD ‘THE ENfOPCR" A MALPASO CCA* 
Screenplay tty STRL A ft SHUPHANT a" J Of AN R»tST*t: 
Basel On cnanc 
-•» ti. )!>, ►’A—y U .AN ('■WI 
© 

 ft W MU D» • • • H J J t o 
* 3 4 * 1 ) 1 

1 2 - 2 - 4 - 6 - 8 - I O 

' F I M • Ai<o Starr* f MARRY y j by bAil MORGAN H itCA tty* • Produced by ROBI HI Q 

M A N N T H I A T H Ift 

PQU CENTRAL PARK 3 
■ WMS flu TR Ai RA eat iwAMita/ /iMfia 
( I M t Al T u t SmOMIMC (IN T I* 

2 - 
SMASH WEEK! 

AWESOME! BURSTING WITH 
RAW REALISM ANO POWER!' 
EXIT THE DRAGON 
ENTER THE TIGER 

BRUCE LEI ... tut death avenged by BRUCE Ll 

Th* N*w M artial A d s Matte* lf WI ii mm de ITIEC-3 — l l 35 nM J O O P M 

K U N O TURY 
TMH# 
I I 4 o 3 i i 6 55 IO OO 
"R U B Y " 
L L <1 X 1 1 ^ 7 5 4 45 

12 35-2 25-4 15 
6 o5 7 55-9 45 
BARGAIN tilt 13o P.M. 

N O 
RASS* w w m 

NOW SHOWING 
Ten Tons of animal Fury leaps from the Screen 

See APE 

M f I IIM JA W a t C h a i I M * aes! r»» • I MUMM Cit * 

Wm~ 
— - - 
Mi mM 
«it* NING BORG r n 
— ATTICS - 

N O BARGAIN MAY 
OR RASSCS ll oo-12 35-2 IO 
3 45-5 2o-6 55 
13o-1ooo 
M il* 

•RIT! 

 in ; c o lo r 
CAPITAN 
Hu* }nd mewl* 
SC H LO C K -A T - I IO 
A M ct 7 OO IO JO 
MOI RT J o at Captan 
CAPITAN ? oiDHwr w e et w 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January 2, 1977 
PAGE 11 

 abc INTERSTATE 

BROADWAY 

It s com edy! 

It's action! 

It's adventure! 

It's romance 

SILVER STREAK 

o StflR is B o m 

THE P IN K PANTHER STRIKES A G A IN — 
Herbert Lorn is driven mad by Peter Sellers and vows revenge in comedy at the Laurel. 

Academy Award Winner 

 fo r his portrayal in •'PATTON' distinguished in 
“ HOJPtTAT and 

“ DAY Of THI DOLPHINS' 

N ow in the most demanding role o f his career j 

‘Irish I 
VanJ 
D e v c i f e 
Imnirrf-- ■ 
■■■■ 
' " ireotesf Discovery of Our Time 

High orop o mountain in 
Eastern Turkey is a giant 5 OOO year old L l wooden ship 
IB ; containing hundreds X I of stalls and cages. 
^ 

IS IT NOAH S ARK? 
|G l 
F O R B I D D E R 
D E S I R E 

Alone in a savoge paradise, three people are forced to confront their primitive passions. The ending may shock you but you will never forget it. 
STARTS W tDNiSDAYI 
NORTHWEST SIX • CENTURY • SAN PEDRO 

 with OSADCSANOAU. 
Technical Advisor Historian DAVID BALSIGER Du eel sd Oy JAMES I. CONWAY v 
Copynghr Sun Closoc Picture* mc. 6 1976 
Produced tty CHAMES I. SOUSA. A 
T H I SHAGGY D.A. — Tim Conway stars in W alt Disney comedy at the North Star Cinema and Century South. 

1:3o-3:4o-5:5o-fcoo-1o:1o 
12:3o-2:45-5:oo-7:1 S-*3o 
I2 3S-2 2S 
4:15 6 OS 
7 J S M S 

SEI Mutt Iii 
CHOOSi Hts 
SUCCISSO#! 

“ONE HUNDRED PERCENT 
ENTERTAINMENT... a case of an ingenious novel being turned into a terrific movie. A lean back and love it lark that is a practically incomparable family film ...a garland of cheers.” Gene Shah!, THE HBC TODAY SHOW 

SASQUATCH 

Color 

THE SEVEN-PER-CENT 
SOLUTION 
From Ae *1 o*w V t*** Motet 

A Ut MW*1 MOSS I I M 
Al AN ARKIN n a m V * Kl IX . KA VE * ROW H I IX (VAIL 
-• ' 
■ «J .-:.) 
«■ I m o . tom .* tux) HK o r WU I lAMSON 

 rn -T H I M Vt N W R C IN T MXA! HO N' 
A.... 
I AUM AM I CX IV IIH . e mu. (few. ■ JOU. C H V 
SAMaNIMA IC .U A * I HAMI J S OKAY 
<4 CXHXA HHC MAS 
K H , INC m d JEMMY KT MF 
Scree-,** . 
M irth I w d 'e Mw 
«* URCH.*Ab Mi TUI 
***« W# mA Hmm - «t A HUWf R T Rt JNk Mum tty JOHN 
I in Ahi I rn iii ii lls ami 

M (M » 7 :o o -» 2 5 

A l DOTH TW A TRES 

■ J , ONE STEALS, 
$ 
SJF 
ONE KILLS, i 
* 
ONE DIES. J 

MARLON 
JACK 
BRANDO 
NICHOLSON f 

THE MISSOURI BREAKS”} 
Color 
(po’ -sji, ! 

* IMH UIIII8 finnlatiM . 
I mill! Mtiill" 

J r . l S * W UH R C U M ! KUI m il ll Ulm mill Hi 
Slum SHIM i inn mn! nm i m ! will nu 11x14) iii min tu n iii! 
M Mum McGDDHAN » hp limn ■ kiln fiimni llllll install nl HUI MIU 
’villi Ii IMUS I KHI iii UUU KU! • Inurn H UMI Hull ■ luna b Bill UM! 
Ira UMI’III! II Bill ll UUU' 

PACE 12 
CXMKSSNFWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— tan wary 2,1 

K I N G K O N G — 
Jessica la n g e is p a w e d by the 

 giant ape in thriller a t the C entral Park Fox a n d 
Century South. 

M o v ie s in a n d a ro u n d 
O ld Y a n a g u a n a C ity 

Film s showing 
Antonio include: 

Aztec-3: Ape 
Broadway: 
The Seven- per-cent Solution. 

Central Park Fox: King 
Kong; Bugsy Malone; The 
Enforcer. 

Century South: Wackiest 
Wagon Train in the West; 
King Kong; The Enforcer; 
The Shaggy D. A.; Carrie; 
Nickelodeon. 

Colonies North: The Ge­ mini Affair. 

Josephine: 
The Erotic 
Adventures of Pinocchio. 

Laurel: 
The 
Pink 
Panther Strikes Again. 

M cCreless 
Cinem a: 

Midway; The Omen. 

North S tar Cinem a: 

Nickelodeon; The Shaggy 
D. A. 

Northwest Six: 
Sas- quatch; Romeo and Juliet 
+ Friends; Carrie; House of Wax; Two Minute Warn­ ing; The Tamarind Seed. 

Olmos: 
Quackser For­ tune. 

Texas: 
Pipe Dreams + 
Book of Numbers. 

CSA 4: 
The Missouri 
Breaks; Exit the Dragon, 
Enter the T iger; Silver 
Streak; Sasquatch. 

CA Cine Cinco: The Mis­ souri Breaks; A Star Is 
Born; Two Minute Warn­ ing; Sasquatch. 

Cniversal Twin: 
The 
Front; Shout at the Devil. 

Wonder: A Star Is Born; 
Silver Streak. 

Woodlawn: Misty Beeth­ oven; Through the Looking 
Glass. 

Perrin t 
Twin 
: 
41 TO MACO-HEB MIN 
♦MMM 
7 4 3 3 SVM MILITAR v 4 4 1 3 C A LLA O M A N RO. 
6 7 4 -1 3 7 1 
4 3 4 -4 4 1 1 
1:oo-3:25-5:5o-8:15 
(PG) 

A WALTER M1RISCH PRODUCTION 

CHARLTON HEST ON 
IENRY FONDA 

Perrin 
- 
T w i n 
; 

4 34 -4 41 1. 

1:oo-3:oo 
5:oo-7:oo 
9:oo 

A S u K M f .41*64411o11*1 

 sU te M Z 
© 

 u n ld e s u t m 

 i 
49wk v jl 

1:15-2:45-4:15 
5:45-7:15-8:45 
“Misty 

A n A ll-S ta r C ast 

 in the funniest com edy 

 o f the ye a r 

RYAN O’NEAL • BURT REYNOLDS 

TATUM O NEAL 

 from Peter Bogdanovich, who brought you 

PAPER MOON W T H E UST PICTURE SHOW” 

NORTHSTAR 
Bargain 
12:oo-3:2o-4:4o matin** daily 
7:2o-9:4o at both theaters 
[PG}®* 

CENTURY 
12:35-3:oo-3:25 
7:5o-1o:15 
C l 

 m fQVUf«rRAlA4&31 

Copr*MW t MCMLMV1 by One o* L4u*e*u«» 
Coroo'eUm 
An R-gnts Reserved 

Dino De Laurertis presents a John GuiBt rmtn Rim 
“King Kong” 

 stirring Jeff Bridges Charles Grodin 

 ltYruducing Jessica Lange 
Sacwnplay by Lorenzo Sempfe Jc Produced by DinuDe Ldurentib 
^ Directed try Jato ) Giulk smit i 
Music Composed and Conducted by John Bar ry 
_______PanacTaon* in Color A feramnunl RA;***' 

 tF<;.7MlNTU a m u 
|~Oiig»rul soundtrackalbum I 
L _ 
-Z—Z 
|and tapes on Reprise Records.J 

NO PASSU • NO BARGAIN MATINEE • NO SPECIAL ADMISSION 
CENTURY 
FOX 
12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o OO 
I It 1o 2:3o-5:oo-7 15-9.4o 

“I want everybody to run out and see this movie!” 

— W allet S p e n c e * W O « RADIO dc 
“Take any kids you can lay your hands on!” 
—la Smith. Cosmopoi'Un 

EXCLUSIVE! 
6UG5Y 
MALONE 

 twfiAMQuNT RC nils m iMrs 
A BT J® ST W M MIL M 'i NIAir JN 
A O CXJU M .StN lU rt% i^*>(«JC A jr 'U N O 
M. AN IWW SS 11M 

-RUCIT M A L O N I' 

JOE* ( O S U * * U U * SI OI I HAJI; > B • * . ltO M *O U U G t8 »»««. JOHNC A-'JU m la Se* 
AU t ..I - v v S l A i n . IAAA-, l m * ~ u 4 m . O M ) PUT THAM 
( W e A LA* MAfiEWU '**«w 
.A*- i*d U, Ai AI. 'AM IS 
S »n lk e ia *# re e lA *«> V S O » < «k e U w » t f" 

 f t ’ n a v a I— 
M T H ; o i u w m b 
, l u u l i 
A CVA* 
---------------- 
A, 

FO 
M H m ut n i l 

12.3o-2:o5-3:5o 
5:3o-7(15-9.oo 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-Jonuory 7,1977 
PAGE 13 

T o d a y at 
Check display ad 
N o rth w e st t°r *«"»•* and 
Six 
IM IO at loop 41o off (otlaghar (u t 
349 *234 p o lic ie s 
“ HOOSE OF W A X *’ 
“ SASQ UATCH” 
“CARRIE** 
“TW O MINUTE 
W A R N IN G *’ 
“ RO M EO A JULIET** p lu s 
“ FRIENDS** 
“ W ACKIEST W A G O N TRAIN IN THE W EST’* 

NOKTHWESI s . : ' ' ii* 

Today at 
Century 
South 

C E N 
T U 
R Y ^ t O I I I H 
E J 

V W M il. Or at IH 3 5 So 
9 2 4 6 5 3 1 

Check display ad 
(or (tarn and poliries 

“ K IN G K O N G ” 
“ NICKELODEON* 
“ THE ENFORCER*’ 
“ CARRIE** 
’W ACKIEST W A G O N TRAIN IN THE W EST” 
“ THE SH AG G Y D.A.” im 
B i 
I A 
N 
R 
E 
B 
R 
O 
T R IP I! SCR l f N O U T D O O R 
Today at 
San Pedro 
S e n P e d r o e t R itte rs I d 
“ T W O M IN U T E W A N N IN G ’ plus 
“ EIGEN SA N C T IO N ” ph i 
V 
“ TAKE TNE M O N E Y A N O RU N 

Check display 
___ od far times 
4 9 4 3 4 2 6 
“ THE N IO N T ” pius 
IT A G A IN , S A M ” 
“ C AN N IE” 
P LA Y 

 plw a 
G ATO N 

12-2-4 
|SJRI}| 
6 - 8-1o 
OLMOS 

4 2 o 5 V on P e d ro 

 l o r g o i n m a t in e e d o ily ( o r H te a tre c a p a c it y for tin t 
7 3 3 - 7 1 8 4 p a r f a c ia a a c e o n ly . 
GENE WILDER 

Star of 

“YOUNG 

FRANKENSTEIN ", 

“BLAZING SADDLES ", 

And 

"THE SILVER STREAK" 
Now in his funniest picture ever) with MARGOT 
KIDDER 
OUACKSER 
FORTUNE . 

"O u t a t Mm m ojar m ovie 

 iw rp m et a f Mn y a a r .. . 

GINI 
WHOM 
IS 
DY 

N AMITH 

— Roil Rood 

“tyacyana will how# a lovely time at tilts earthy, romantic comedy, Mar pot tartlet Gone ta a dance which turns into a disaster which turns int# a night af lava which turns mho a happy endmg 
— Gone Shalit 

NORTHWEST SIX 
CINE CINCO 
SAN PEDRO 
MISSION 

12:1o-2:3o-4;5o-7:1o-9:3o 
12:4o-2:5o-5:oo-7:15-9:3o 
WARNING’' 7:3o-11:5o 
’ EIGER” 9:45 
TWB-MINUTI 
- w i j j B 
.& £m 

CHARLTON HESTOR 
JOHN CASSAVETES 
'TWO MINUTE WARNING 

MARTIN BALSAM BEAU BRIDGES ■ MARILYN HASSETT 
DAVIO JANSSEN • JACK KLUGMAN - WALTER PIDGEON 
6ENA ROWLANDS woe* nuts cm,q mon MiHum urns jot up? 
(*) 

2nd featura at drive ms only! 

 f “ROMEO” 
12:3o-4:5o- 
9:1o 
NORTHWEST si* 

 ti 

:»tdh 

IM IO at Loop 41o off Callaghan Exit 
349-6234 

Bargain Matinee Daily for Theatre Capacity for first Performance Only. 

FRIENDS" 
2:55-7:15 

2 OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL 
LOVE STORIES OF ALL TIME! 

I’ARAMOl YI PKTR NKS 
A HHT H I M 
Ihr 
Franca) Z e f f ir e l l i 
P ro d im** ion o f 
Rom eo 

PARAMOUNT PICTURES PRESENTS 
"friends' 

 t e c h n ic o l o r ' a p a r a m o u n t pic t u r e 

N O BTH W K ITlH CIM V tlRYr; 
S I * 
I S 
SW S! S H 
U 

Hi IS et lee? *1# off Canela a tad 
MV *2 U 
* * **•' or • « '* 35 Se 
* 7 4 - 6 5 3 1 
Both th eatres 1 2 - 2 - 4 - 6 - 8 - 1 o 

B a rg ain m atinaa daily 
'O f* and MOHRtt FORKER present 
LtrzrJT b o b d e n v e r 

“G IL L IG A N ' 
FORREST TUCKER 
THE "F TROOP’ MAN 

PACE 14 

CLINT 
EASTWOOD 
THE EIGER SANCTUM 

 fHMtllMIMIMMIMIIHill)*MMW M— NIMbS bmS b— — — dfc 
EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January 2, 1977 

M IME WACKIEST 
WAGON HM IN 
IN IME WEST 
99 IGIJ 

12:3o-2:o5-3:4o 
5:15-4:5o 
8:25-1o:oo 
Hi lOetlseellOeHCeiteflteeUit 
MV *234 

, i l r 
\trf i h 

J 
* 
* 
" ^ 4 
K tiu U U U ? FtlOHtHfSCRfH^ 
IHI IWS UK 

. a s s e s s 
* 
~ 
CHARLES BRONSON 

MN 
TECHNICOLOR' 

“ H ouse of Wax, is a how ling success!” - T I M E 

 it 

 m»di 

'N to at tem CIV att (eliefer tin 
34V im S.W MN Or et IKJ J Se. 
*34-4531 

_ _ 
_ 
12-2-4-6-4-1o 

N O I I H W I I I | i| (E N I U K I | ; ill 
I fed 
URI I ll 
9 J 

1:3o-3:3o 
5:3o-7:3o 
IJ S 
9:3o 
SAN B IB B O 
TRIRII SCH U H OUTOOO* 

San Padre et Sift arr Rd. 
4*4-3436 
“CANNIE** 7:3o-11:2o “GATOR” 9:25 
IF YOU’VE GOT 
A TASTE FOR TERROR... 
TAKE CARRIE TO THE PROM. 

■ i t v d v i i U t * runaway h**» *#»ar< lf only they knew she had the power. 

, FftUL WONASH •.... i BRIAN DePAlMA-, "CARRIE' 
» - Sissy spacer 
JOHN TRAVOLTA 
PIPER LAURIE 
LAWRENCE D Cl 
STEPHEN KING - ‘ . 
;i , RAUL MORASH 
[ r ] 
, BRIAN DtPALMA 
- i 

Wui Second feature of Jan Pedro 
BURT REYNOLDS 

. “ 
G 
A 
T 
O 
R 
” 
B 

Untied Artists 

IAN PEDRO 
TR IP I! SCR I I N O UTDOO R 
U I I E W HI 
OUTDOOR THI ATRI 

San P tdro a l ( M o i Rd. 
4 94 3 4 3 6 
4 1 o 1 Ma dm a R a j. Rd. 
6 7 4 3 3 3 1| 

“ H M M *!” 7:3o “ PLAY” 9 :2 o “ T A K I” 1o:5o 
I W OODY ALLEN TRIPLE FEATURE | 
WOODY ALLEN 
Unlikely J & a 'T H E FRONT” 
__ 
* 
BBRS&i 
* i t wsn ■ BH QHi-oivott (MKH! 
Hero. tB K m m **'' 
GD £ 

Mn. - I I \ y l l A G A I N , W 
M 
T (PG) 

H C C G T A ll E N I t v s t t i a k i n 

Plus! 

VI 

WOOD* ALUMS 
- 
TAKE THE MONEY AND RUN” 
[PGJV 

Today 
I2Oo2oQ 
U N I V E R S E 
( l i t I W IN 
4oo 6 o o ______________________________ 
IOO 1ooo 
>925 pa* l * A « f RA. 
453-5375 
Bargain matinee deity for theatre capacity for first performance only. 

I[d T W io 

 l b BS vWOODY ALLEN THE FROND 

(AR 7:3o 11.3o 
PIOT 925 
3IOO R 

(PG) 

GtOROI(ARUN 

CAR WASH" . where, between the hours of 9 and 5 anything can happen.. 
PLOS and usually does! unanimous m w w r P i w 
KA»\llAk HWU ILKS hArtttkl R*IMs MUMMI EUM 
B B — 
* 

 s a t 
739 W n i ll)} 
THE EROTIC 
ADVENTURES OF 

EXCLUSIVE! 

IT S NOT 
HIS NOSE 

THAT GROWS! 

Starring - 

ALEX ROMAN 
DY ANNE THORNE 

RATED (X ) 

 r 
“lOVI 

CAPTIVES” 

7:3o-1o:4o 
(X) 

LACKLAND 
O UTDOOR T H IA T tl 

17o Santan** 

PLUS 

“ FAIR 
TALES FOR 
ADULTS" 

9:15 (X) 

UNIVERSAL 
CHY ( W I N n 5 ! M 
T » e i l w * * P » S M 
3 7 J 
22o2 C«Utb.a 
KAD UVV 
O UTDOO R THIATKR 

 today 12:55-2:55-4:5o-7:2o-9:5o 
Monday 7:2o-9:5o 
“SMOUT” 7:3o-11 5o 
'9:55 
An epic so vast it took two years to create and a whole continent to contain. 

 v 
M ■ ■% 

LEE MARVIN .. ROGER MOORE 

AN AFRICAN INHRNATIONAI ROUN • 
(■oleos* 

2ND FEATURE AT VARSITY ONLY I 

T O M I M 
M 
" B O R N 1 o S E K T 
L as BILLY JACK In m 

192o l * . 4*r«k.bw .g Re. 
735 5213 
M W W Wk.*. « I *1o 
M I 42'* 

12oo 14o 
**•*•*» 

37o SOO 
§ 
» 
_ 
_ 
_ r m 
64o 8 2o 1o oo l f (KUI O. o *R o a *a **e 
934 444 6 
VT 
H A U 
O UTDOO R T H IA T tl 
“SBK’ 

“ M IS T Y ” 7 3o-1o 35 
“ PA M ELA ” 9:1 S I 2:o5 

Misty 
Beethoven 

SILVER STREAK— 
Gene Wilder wines and dines 
Jill Clayburgh in comedy at the Wonder and UA 4. 

 t h e / o n g / . . . 

 t h e l e g e n d . . . 

 t h e m o v i e 

Hogm Grot* Productions he pissants 
ROD/TfUJRRT 
•adance/ nmw^HQTH MCHPRD and non WOOP-------------- 
STARTS FRIDAY 
N O B IH W E 1I u t 
SAN T H I O 
I t IPU 5Ct IIN OUTOOOR 

M ila UM4)»«R4«tae-l»W 
MT.1M_______ I * . P*4r* ** Rim*.. Rd. 
494 M I 
TEXAS 
TOWN TWIN 
OUTDOOR THI A TI R 

133 I. Houi*an 5*. 
227 3334 l«at*Mk MWW 

12:oo-3 :oo- 5:55-455 
1:4o-4:35 7 1 5 
7: JO-1o*4o 

Gladys Knight stars in the mud romantic movie of the year... 

 i s & s s k & Y < 
^ lo d y / K n ig h t 
■ p ip © d re a m s •MM 

PLUS 

HE S GOT THE NUMBERS 
AND YOU'RE ONE OF THEM j a i l hi B g 

(PG) 

TOWN TWIN 
OUTDOOR TMI A H R 

12oo I SO 
34o SJO 
I; 
7:2o-9:1o 
COTONITI 
N O K IH 
M IO WI W im k o tk lm 
694-3931 

A DIFFERENT 
KIND OF 
LOVE AFFAIR 

J i ’VuOO 

 ft 

 av firu mq... 
({£MInS aFFaIr 1*1 

1245 145 
325 5o5 
645 825 IO O': l f 2o ln d w h lif c a f Rd 
WOODLAWN 
■ A l l 
NO IftfS ftllfl nu nm I 
735-5313 

THE FIRST MOTION PICTURE THAT EXPLORES 
SUPERNATURAL SEXI 
THROUGH nu: 

2ND FEATURE AT 
DRIVE INS ONI YI 
“The Private After noons cf 
Pamela Mann” cl 

WED. TOAD 
“SULAK” l ‘na:i 
7 3o 1o 1o l**d Rd Sa si Im w 41o 
734 7393 

OUTOOO R T H IA T tl 

BASIC NITUALS IN THI 
— - * 
“ SWINGING 
L 
CAMPUS** 
!! tx) 
; u-c war *ju v43*i ii id et 

“A study of obsessive 
Rwciuism focused on the figure and psyche of a rich, beautiful woman whojie sensual wonder­ land lies behind x-mir- r o r . 
‘ L O O K I N G 
C L A S S ’ IS P O R N O 
W I T H 
A 
P R I V I ­ 
L E G E D A I R . . . J 
LA N D M A R K H O V IK 
P R O V I N G 
T H A T 
H A R D -C O R E CAN 
BE HANDLED WITH 
CLASS" 
—Brut e Williamson, 
Playboy 

A Qualify 
Adult (tim 

“ A WORK OK A R T .. 

 i i * 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Janaory 2.1977 
FAGE IS 

HwiBiWSsiS. . .. 
__ 
Burt Reynolds plays a silent mo vie? star in Peter Bogdanovich's comedy a t the North Starf 
Cinema and Century South. 

IT’S LAUGHTER UNLEASHED! 

WALT DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS’ 

PASSES 

JOMES CONWAY PU C K ETTE 
W YN N 
J * a m m i IM W L E V 
W W W P m 
M 
I W A H M T T t 
T A IT 
W T T t H 
DON 
" '^ A N D E R S O N BEM ILLER S S S S S T E V E N S O N •TECHNICOLOR'* 
Rne.He<)*r8UEM i/ISTA WSmidUION CO INC 
Ab' tone, hcxU" . 
M D 
(E N IIJ B Y f, 
1 o (1 1 H 
E J 

I---1 SH—a1 — - v Q lB I M I m o T iliw w 
BO NY 
Im Uh «W r. copocty 
« W » >L Q U E M * CORPORATION for fint porfonwoNM 
:u d t| 

S .W M il. O r rn IM S S l o . 
* 3 4 -o 1 3 1 
' 
M O R A S S E S 

1 2 :o o -2 :o o -4 :o o -6 :o o *8 :o o -1 o :o o 
1 1 :3 o -1 :3 o -3 :3 o -6 :o o -8 :o o -1 o :o o 

N O R T H S T A R 
3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 

©EKG. 
J V S 
M B S ? 

I t s s r f 1 

Him'! 
SSS? 

BARBRA STREI3ANo • KRIS KRISTOFFERSON in A BARWOOO/JON PETERS PRODUCTION ■ A STAR IS BORN 

F la ke d bv JON PETERS Deeded bv FRANK PIERSON • Executive Producer BARBRA STREISAND 

Screenplay by IWN GREGORY DUNNE & JOAN DUHN and FRANK TWON - a, * * a toy » a i mn mm m muui {tm 

R RESTRICTED^ 
^ f ^ 
Puu*i+Uo* 
F ro m W a rn w B ro * . 
A W arrior C o m m u n tc a lio n a 

I ORIGINAI SOUND I KACK ON COLUMBIA RECORDS & I APIS RC AD THE HARBACK FRUM WARKER BOT* 

 w i o o a g a f a r m 

IMI All NEW 
ADVENTURES 
OF THE 
DORIO S MOS! 
BUM HI ING 
DETECTIVE 

.IP G 

 lo b e 

I n t • r s I a t iii! 
o IMDER 2 
N . P o — 
I m n 

 starry HERBERT LOM 

 with COLM BLAKELY LEONARD ROSSITER LESLEY ANNE OOWN Animation by RICHARD WH11AMS STUDIO 

Music by HENRY MANCINI - F u n *.« panavision COLOR by OeLuxe 
T 
UmtMt 
......... 
■ 
A ?r«ns4m rc a C o rn in 
WAUIM BG Af IX J liana Shopping (tty * 732-ill? 
» ________ 1 i nn ■* 
* 7 . i n i n i n 
Bargain 
1 2 :3 o - 3 :o o - 5 :3 o - 8 :o 5 
2 .o o - 4 4 5 - 7 .3 o - 1 o :1 5 
M a tin ** 
1 :5 o -4 :2 5 - 7 :o o - 9 :3 5 

PAG! 16 
EXPfiESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— January 2, 1977 

EXCLUSIVE 
SAN ANTONIO 
SHOWING! 
( NEW LAUREL 
V 231o SA N PEDRO . 736-4551 J 

11 3o-1 35-3:4o 
5:45-6:oo-1o:oo P M. 
NO BARGAIN MATINEE 
OR PASSES 

4-PAGE PULLOUT ON 1977 PREDICTIONS— PAGES 9-12 

GUN CAMPBELL AND HIS WIFE, SARAH 
HP 
St JHI emm 

GLEN CAMPBELL: 

MY LOVE FOR SARAH 

WRITTEN IN A SONG 

PAGE 3 

JIMMY CARTER: 

MY DREAM 

FOR AMERICA — AN 

EXCLUSIVE MESSAGE 

PAGE 2 

CLAUDINE LONGET: 

STRANGE CURSE 

HAUNTS ALL 

INVOLVED IN TRIAL 

PAGE 15 

SEE SUNDAY 
MAGAZINE 

My dream f 

PRESIDENT-ELECT Jimmy Cart­ er took time out this week from preparing for his new adminis­ tration to give this exclusive 
' message to STAR readers on his hopes for the future: 

^ WE Americans are proud of our individ­ uality and diversity, but we still share com­ mon dreams. Neither Vietnam nor Water­ gate nor the hardships of a mismanaged economy can change that. 
We must remember that our nation still re­ tains its own inherent greatness. Our inher­ ent economic strength, our natural resources and our human resources are certainly no less than they were two centuries ago. 
Within our free society, each of us has an op­ portunity to develop a wide range ot abilities, characteristics, responsibilities and interests. 
For all our progress, we still live in a land held back by oppression and injustice. The few who are rich and powerful still make the decisions and the many who are poor and weak must suffer the consequences. 
When those in power make mistakes it is not they or their families who lose their jobs or go on welfare or go without medical care 

EXCLUSIVE TO THE STAR 

 or go to jail. We still have poverty in themid- st of plenty. 
We have far to go. We must give our gov­ ernment back to our people. The road will not be easy. We still have the dream—-Martin Lu­ ther King’s dream—your dream and my dream. The America we long for is still out there, somewhere ahead of us, waiting for us to find her. 
I see an America poised not only on the brink of new century but on the dawn of a new era of honest, compassionate, responsive government. 
I see an American government that has turned away from scandal, corruption and of­ ficial cynicism to finally become as decent as our people. 
I see an America which does not steal from the poor and give to the rich. 
I see an America with a job for every man and woman who can work and a decent stand­ ard of living for those who cannot. 
I see an America where my child and your child and every child receives an education 

 second to none in the world. I see an Ameri­ can government that does not spy on Its citi­ zens nor harass them, but respects your digni­ ty, your privacy and your right to be left alone. 
I see an American foreign policy that is firm, consistent and generous that is once again a beacon for the hopes of the world. 
I see an American President who does not govern by veto and negativism but with vigor, vision and affirmative leadership. A Presi­ dent who is not isolated from our people but feels their pain and shares their dreams and takes their strength from them. 
I see an America in which Martin Luther 
King’s dream is our national dream. 
I see an America on the move again, united, its wounds healed. It’s head high—a diverse and vital nation moving into its third century with confidence and competence and compas­ sion. 
I see an America which lives up to the ma­ jesty of its constitution and the simple decen­ cy of its people. 
This is the America I see, the America that 
I’m committed to as President.£ 
President-elect 
Carter: 
An 
America with hope, compassion. 
Mom sticks her neck out for- a kiss for her brand new son 
Top psychiatrist tells how you can increase your luck 

LUCK and its effects on life’s trium phs and disasters can be controlled, says a leading New York psychiatrist. 
"Good Luck? No one knows if there is such a thing," said Jack Cher- nus, acting chief of the psychiatry department at Gouveneur Hospital, 
Manhattan. 
"But you can have a hand in creating your good and bad luck,” he told The STAR. 
"The compulsive gambler usually winds up bankrupt and blames his 
(dight on bad luck. 

LOOKS like mom was sticking her neck out when she decided to give her young son a motherly kiss. Judging by that couldn t-care- less expression, the young fellow seems to 

 think that all this parental affection is quite tiresome Or perhaps he’s finding his celebrity status — he is one of the few giraffes born in 
London Zoo — a little hard to swallow. 
JOB-HUNTERS GETTING A $3m BOOST 
PEOPLE who have difficulty qualifying for employment have been given a $3 million boost by the federal Labor Department 
The money will be put into IO model projects in New York and 
New Jersey for ex-offenders, the physically handicapped, the old, rural residents and unskilled peo­ ple. 
They will be trained, counseled and assisted in job-finding The projects are part of a |2o million 

 national program funded lander the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act. 
Projects range from a program training rural workers in machine operation on modern dairy farms, to one which shows women now to set up small businesses 
One project in Bergen County, 
N J., not only provides testing, counseling and placement for women, but child care during training and interviews. 

The program emphasizes plac­ ing women in positions usually held by men. 
It also divides time between two women for a full-time slot and ar­ ranges for work days to be car­ ried out both at office and home 

"Over and over, psychiatrists hear tales of bad luck from their patients. In the successful cases, the doctor gets a chance to point oui to the person that he helped bring on the bad luck. 

“A patient of mine bemoaned his bad luck. A tire blew out on his auto causing a minor accident and he broke his leg. 
"He said, he was having a run of bad luck and had also fallen down the cellar stairs in his home. 
"It came out that he had no­ ticed one of the tires on his car was bald. but still decided to take a long drive. 
" And he had noticed the cellar stair was loose, but put off fixing it. 
"So there are a variety of un­ conscious drives that make people hurt themselves, lose out, fail in what they set out to do. 
"Therefore next time you blame something on bad luck, look at the picture in retrospect and take a good inventory of your­ self." 
Dr Chorous gave STAR read­ ers these seven guidelines to 
"good luck." 
• Build yourself up. .especially your confidence Learn to get out more and speak up when it is appropriate 

By DORIS WAKEFIELD 

Burger queen trains on tunafish 
LIBBY Thomas, 23, prepared for a hamburger-eating contest in Austin, 
Tex., by gobbling 13 tuna sandwiches and two cakes Then she won the contest by eating 13 hamburgers in an hour and a half. 

• Try to advance in your job. 
Read more, learn more. 
• Avoid getting into a comfort­ able rut. 
• Be available careerwise and motionwise if fortune should knock on your door. If moving to another state has a hope for ad­ vancement, pick up and go. 
• Learn how to imitate others. 
Many of us see how the other guy made it, but when it comes to fol­ lowing his example, we suddenly get bogged down t>y some hangup. 
• Always maintain some humili­ ty. Along with feeling confident, a dash of humility is useful and nec­ essary. Not inferiority. Inferiority is different from humility. 
• Share, but don’t give away ..So far as money, time and energy and caring about yourself is concerned 
"Recognize that sharing is a good and useful thing, but if you give away more than a certain amount, then it removes strength from you. lf you give a certain amount, then you are considered strong, compassionate and morally good. 
For example, you can’t seem to say no when certain relatives ar­ rive from out of town to be put up at your home, even though this is a big drain on your budget and en­ ergy. 
"By sharing more than you are really able to, you may in a sense be courting bad luck because you are allowing others to drain you physically and emotionally." 

PAGE 2 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 
2, 1977 

 len Campbell: My love for 
Sarah is written in a song 

Sarah on a night out in Hollywood recently: “ Our love is a once in a lifetime thing,” they proudly say. 

SARAH’S SONG 

H E R E a re the words to S a ra h ’s Song, written by 
Jim m y Webb, who also wrote G len's big hit, By 
The Tim e I G et To Phoenix 

This is what I want to live for, 
This is where I want to live. 
To give my life to you and to this feeling 
That's alive today. 
Never let it go away. 
No matter what this is, 
It's everything that is. 

This is and how can I deny it. 
This is and will not be denied, 
And you don’t have to give an explanation for the way you feel. 
I only want to know it's real. 
No matter what this is . . . 
Glen shows off his chest: “ The song is my personal statement of love.” 
COPYRIGHT 
1976 WHITE OAK SONGS 

GLEN CAMPBELL this week spoke for the first time about his idyllic love life with his wife, Sarah, the former wife of his one-time best friend, Mac Davis. 

Sarah, 26, who calls Glen “ Sugar P ie ," says she has experienced a togetherness with the sil­ ver-voiced Glen that she never felt before in her life with a n / other man. 
Both talked enthusiastically of decorating their new love nest in the exclusive Holmby Hills area of Beverly Hills which Cam pbell calls “ our nev­ er, never lan d ." 
“ Our love is jast a once in a lifetim e thing," 
Cam pbell told TH E STAR from his home. 
“ We’re never apart. We do everything togeth­ er. We hang out with each other all the tim e. 
And at a party, we rarely talk to anyone else e x ­ cept each oth er." 
Cam pbell revealed he has dedicated a new song to Sarah which is included in his new album 
Southern Nights. 
"T h e song is called sim ply Sarah 's Song' and it s my statem ent of love for her. 
“ It was w ritten by Jim m y Webb and nobody can write a ballad like he can The words and the m usic are beautiful." 
Glen sang the song to Sarah when they got m arried in l^ake Tahoe, Septem ber 2 last year 

“ And w hat's m ore. I haven't stopped singing it to h er," he said 
“ I sing it to her in the house, in the bedroom . by the swim m ing pool, just anywhere. It s a beautiful song for a beautiful g a l." 
And Sarah said 
“ I love the song I f s beauti­ ful. It will alw ays hold a very special sentim en tai value for m e." 
T h e couple are relishing a happiness they have not alw ays enjoyed 
Glen, his ex wife Billie 
Cam pbell, Sarah, and her form er husband, M ac Davis, parted bit terly in an angry love round about. 

Up until that tim e, Glen and 
Mac were the best of friends 

Billie and Glen parted M ac and 
Sarah parted Then Glen and Sar ah found each other 

“ It’s all over now ," Glen said 
* We don’t pay any attention to anything in the past. We j i m live for each other. 
“ Our whole thing together is based on absolute honesty, real old fashioned, genuine honesty 
It s a thing you don t find m uch of in Hollywood 
“ We ask each other a question and we expect a straight forward answer. That way, the air is a l­ ways cle a r.” 
Glen described his life with S a r ­ ah as “ sim ple, but about as good a life as any m an could h av e." 
He said 
“ It s a life of organ­ ized chaos Right now, I’m getting 

I 
By FRANCIS PATRICK 

 ready for a big tour in England 
“ Betw een rehearsals, we enjoy ourselves 
We get up late, hang out together, m aybe we go horst' back riding together Sarah loves horses 
“ I play a bit of golf 
Do you know we’re so close that she com es out on the course just to watch m e play although she doesn't play herself. 
“ Before I tee off she alw ays kisses my golf ball 
T h at’s for luck. 
It s kind of mad but it s fun.” 

The couple like going out to din nor at I^a Scala, Chasen’s or a 
French restaurant called 
Mon 
G reniere in Ix>s Angeles. 
“ We love ju st taking a quiet lit tie table together and getting it on with each other, talking our heads off with nobody around, and eat ing good food.” 
After their food binges togeth er, the couple alw ays exercise it off the next day. 
“ We exercise together by the pool," he said. “ I’m over six feet but I like to keep at about 158 pounds to look trim ." 
The couple had known each oth er for six years during the tim e that Sarah was m arried to Mac 
Davis. 
“ We knew each other all that tim e but i f s just when we bumped into each other and we were both alone that we discov­ ered a lot about each other,” Glen said. 
“ You ca n 't believe how much we discovered we were so alike 
She s from Missouri and I’m from 
Arkansas 
I'm t8 and although 
I ve been around, I still like life pretty sim ple 
“ She's exactly the sam e wav. 
Neither of as wants to lose sight of our backgrounds We like to be real people.” 
But both confess to som e e x ­ travagances with their new home that tney are moving into within the month 
“ I f s what Sarah calls classic, form al, 
Italian. 
Hill B illy ," he said 
“ Sarah is getting a heck of a kick out of decorating it but she 
Shows everything to me in the way of furniture before she buys it. 
“ That's the kind of love life we have I f s a beautiful thing " 

Restless cat EX-WRESTLER’S CLINIC DEVOTED TO WAGING 

 toras on TV 

WHEN M rs Shirley Predom 's cat 
Zorba got bored during the night, he turned on the TV set 

He didn’t m ean to 
He onlv m eant to walk around and stretch his legs But the sound of his col­ lar clinking touched off tile set's] rem ote control device 

“ It was kind of w eird," said 
Mrs. Predom , of Windsor Woods, 
Va. 

“ Since w e’ve taken Zorba’s col­ lar off. i f s been a lot q u ieter." 

A FO R M E R professional w restler is devoting his life . . . to fighting pain. 
Chronic pain costs the U S over 
$5o billion every year, said ex w restler Dr. John Boniea, who heads the “ pain clinic' at the 
University of Washington 
O ver 5o m illion Am ericans suf fer from one pain or another 
“ It is A m erica’s most expensive uncured illn ess," said Dr Bom ca 
“ So few people think about pain until they're hurt, but if s a m ajor national health and econom ical problem. 
“ I fought a 1 a professional w restler to su 'port my fam ily while I worked i s an unpaid in­ tern and hospita resident. 

WAR AGAINST PAIN 

“ And believe me, 
I got hurt doing it. It paid me well, but I’m paying for it now 
I have badly torn nip-jotnts. severe arthritis, cauliflow er ears, and I live in con slant pain.” 
B ecau se of his pain exp eri­ ences, Bom ca opened the nation's first clinic to deal exclusively with that torm ent nearly 25 years ago 
About 6oo patients a year com e to Boruca's clinic seeking relief from their chronic pain, 2o per cent with lower back pain 

Boruca claim s a success rate of 

 around 7o per cent. “ We spend most of our tim e in our clin ic un doing what other doctors have done," Bom ca said 

“ The first thing we do is de-tox- o) drugs from his routine, and ify the patient e patient by rem oving all 
Ire 
'weaning the patient with our pain cock tail’, a m ixture of ch er­ ry syrup and methadone 
“ Most tim es this autom atically d ecreases the patient’s pain. be­ cause the drugs have been cau s­ ing m ental aberrations, that is. exaggerating the pain. That s a proven fact " 
Dr. Boniea: Fain costs 
$5o bilboa a year. 

1 

1 
< 

: 
I 
1 
\ 

I 

1 
1 

1 
\ 
\ i 
I 

I 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

MY mother and I were having fun going over our horoscopes, but my father said we were a couple of sillies wasting our time. I read his, which said: “You must alter your ways, for you are heading for a downfall.” 
Dad said he didn’t believe in such rubbish. Almost immediately there was a crash A leg of Dad’s chair broke, and he ended up on the floor. Fortunately, only his pride was hurt. 
Mom and I didn’t dare to even smile, but we’ve had a good laugh about it ever since. — Amanda 
Brickhouse, Bethlehem, Pa. 
WHAT ’’famous last words” have you said or heard? WRITE: LAST 
WORDS, The San Antonio Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas 
78297. $5 for each letter published. 
Truth came out 

MY husband was always teasing me about watching soap operas. 
He said even if ne dian't have anything better to do during the day, he wouldn’t watch those silly things. 
Then Mary Hartman, 
Mary 
Hartman started at night and I quickly became a fan of Louise 
Lasser and the whole show. And while it was on. Bob would always bury his face in one of his me­ chanics magazines. 
But one night we were watching a special that overlapped Mary 
Hartman, so I kept it on because he seemed interested in it. 
But suddenly he turned to me and said: "Honey, let’s see what that weird girl is doing — you know, that 
Mary 
Wnat’s-her- name?” — Mrs. R. B., Boerne. 
Tex. 
Lesson learned 

(HJR little terrier made a nuis­ ance of himself barking at visitors until a neighbor finally taught him a lesson. 
One day she came up our drive- and he bounded out and 

My Dad used to laugh at astrology, until... 

Louise Lasser: Mary Hartman bad a secret admirer. started barking. She promptly got down on all fours and returned bark for bark. 
Our dog tucked his tail between his legs and ran for his doghouse. 
He's never barked at visitors since. — Mrs. K.C., Miami, Fla. 
Paffynitions 

HERE are my daffynitions: Wed­ ding cake — alter ration; tricycle 
— a tot rod; an LO U. — a paper wait; yodel — a lung distance call; wedding rehearsal — an aisle trial; marriage — an institu­ tion that turns a night owl into a homing pigeon. — Lillian Villan­ ueva, San Antonio, Tex. 
A big help 

 way 

I AM a little thing with a big meaning. I help everybody. I un­ lock doors, open hearts, dispel prejudice. 
* 
I create friendship and good 

 will. I inspire respect and admira­ tion. Everybody loves me. 
I bore no one. I violate no law. I cost nothing. Many have praised me. none have condemned me. I am useful every moment of the day. 
I am courtesy. — Phyllis Engel- man, Jansen. Neb. 

Gentle hint 

MY daughter was standing on a ladder putting up curtains, while her husband was in the same room totally engrossed in watch­ ing a football game on TV. 
Thoroughly exasperated be­ cause he was not offering to help her, she asked my son-in-law; “If 
I fall, will you call the ambulance at half time9” — Mrs. S.B., New 
York City 
No extras 

OH, for the great days of the old- time blacksmith. 
When you brought your horse to be shoo he didn t think (rf a dozen other things that it needed. — Gladys 
Andersen, 
Cumberland 
Center, 
Me 
Sign time 

RECENTLY saw this sign in a bakery: “Keep your wait under control — take a number.” — Ed­ na Bergman, Toledo, Ohio. 

He never quit 

MY father, a truck driver, always talked about his work in his sleep. 
The whole family thought it funny until one night when he really went overboard. We were await- 
The day a tot learned to tell male cats from females 

MY four-year-old nephew went with his father to see a new litter of kittens He returned breathless to tell his mother: “There are two boy kittens and three girl kit­ tens.” 
Curiosity prompted his mother to ask: “How do you know that?” 
“ Daddy picked one up and looked I think it s printed under­ neath," he replied. — Karen Boi­ lerman, San Antonio, Tex. 
Not working 

I TOOK my nine-year-old son fish­ ing with me one day and he was 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 pulling in some good (Hies and I wasn't even getting a bit. 
When I remarked about my poor luck, he said: “I don’t think your worm is really trying, Dad- 
— G. Anderson, Kingfield, 

Mixed breed f t 

 ened by a loud crash coming from his bedroom. We rushed in, found a lamp on the floor and father sit­ ting on the side of the bed, steer­ ing his night table in his sleep! — 
Nancy Kelly, Guilford, Conn. 

Honeymoon surprise 

WHEN my best buddy went off on his honeymoon, he asked me to keep an eye on his new apartment in a two-family house I went over to check it out, found the key un­ der the third step where he had hidden it, and let myself in. 
I was surprised to find it badly in need of a coat of paint, so I de- 

WHEN I asked my five-year-old neighbor what the pedigree was of his new litter of puppies, he re­ 
Please pray for... 

MY AUNT, who lost my uncle and three cousins when their house burned down, that she decide to live with us and get all the love we want to rive her — Kathy M., Bronx, N.Y. 
MY FRIEND, LENNY, who is 26, that he stop his terrible drinking and pot smoking and start realizing that there is someone who cares for him very much . . . Me. — A Friend, Queens, N.Y. 
DANNY, that he doesn’t have the terrible seizures that frighten him so — Usa G., Illinois 
DANIEL PUZZULL1, OUR COUSIN, who is very sick with cancer, that the treatments he is undergoing will cure him. — Mr. and Mrs. Joseph 
C—I rill ro, Brooklyn, N.Y. 
TINA, who has been in the hospital about two months and can’t talk, eat or swallow by herself, that she make a speedy recovery. — A 
Friend la Jersey City 
9 
AND all Ow Sbsr readers who have asked for prayers. 

 cided to surprise him and paint the place. 
I was waiting in front of the house when they returned, anx­ ious to see their reaction to the bright yellow rooms. 
When they arrived, we walked up to the steps and he reached un­ der the third step for the key. 
Then I started to feel sick as ne started up to the second floor. 
I had painted the wrong apart­ ment!— 
Rippon, Bridgeport, 
Conn. 
Soap and water 

AFTER 4o years of a wonderful marriage. I teasingly asked my husband the other day why he had chosen me rather than someone else. 
“You smelled like good clean soap and water,” he said. “I couldn’t stand all the perfumes and powders the others wore.”— 
Mrs. D.R., Stillwater, Okla. 
LAWYER: DIVORCE SHOULD 
BE COVERED BY INSURANCE 
INSURANCE companies should issue policies that cover divorce, says a prominent young lawyer. 
Couples should be able to take out the insurance the same way as they do to cover the risk of fire, auto accidents or sickness. 
Divorce lawyer Diana D. DuBroff, writing in the American Bar Asso­ ciation’s magazine Barrister, says children are the biggest victims of divorce. 
‘Divorce insurance could protect children from becoming public charges, save unemployable divorcees from hasty re-marriages and keep middle-income marriage casualties from the poverty rolls,” she says. 
"Further, it could protect our guilt-ridden fathers from avoiding the children because of del in auent payments. 

She proposes that the insurance pay-out would be used to provide child support for the first year or so after the marriage is ended. 
But William L. Martin, general counsel for the American Insur­ ance Association, says the insur­ ance companies are against the idea. 
He explained: “ It would seem to me to be a novelty idea and it would be very expensive. 
“ Insurance is normally written against events which will likely 

 happen, but which 
>iui 

 plied: “ I heard Daddy say it’s fa­ ther is a German Shepherd and ifs mother is an Alaskan hussy.” 
— Rose M. Craven, Vineland. 
N J. 
Cool idea 

ONE cold morning, my grand­ daughter asked ber mother: 
“Mama, may I wear my long- sleeved pants today?" — G.L., 
Lockport, La. 
Critique 

HEARING the nursery rhyme 
Mary Had A Little Lamb for the first time, my three-year-old granddaughter remarked: "Mary sure had a problem with that lamb.” — Mrs. F. Muller, Brook­ lyn, N.Y. 
Little big guy 

MY five-year-old son 
Michael came in from play one day and I started hugging nim and telling him how much I loved him. 
"Mom, I love you too, but I’m not your baby,’ he protested. 
“If you’re not my baby,” I asked, “what are you?” 
He gave me a big hug and said, 
"Aw gee, Mom. I'm your mini- man" — Mrs. John A. Albritton, lithia, Fla. 

 wouldn't be voluntary,” Martin said. 
“ But divorce is obviously in most cases voluntary on the part of one or both parties,” he said 

LAW FOR SNAKES 
SHARISSE Krohn, 26, sued to overturn a state law against bringing animals into restaurants. 
But Superior Court Judge Jo soph Kilgariff, of San Diego, Cal if., overruled Miss Krohn even though she argued the law inter­ fered with her profession as a snake dancer. 

SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

Never strike your attacker with your fist Vour palms have much power as your fist and provide a large striking area. 
Throw your whole body weight into each blow, keeping your fin gers teether to avoid breaking them, and aim for the nose, chin and side of the face. follow through with each blow, shouting loudly to add power at impact and to attract attention. 
You cannot injure your hand in this self defense technique, but you can injure your attacker enough to escape from him. 

PAGE 4 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
ST A R — 
January 2 , 1977 

STAR GOSSIP 

HER NEW 

JUNE SOPER solved her housing p.oblem after she lost her job . .. bv building a teepee. 
'Ms Soper, who admits to being 
“middle aged.” set up residence in a private campground that has been closed for the winter in 
Traverse City, Mich. 
She uses the land for free, pays 
$8 a month for electricity, and has a telephone and an electric blan­ ket. 

HOME 
IN 
Hie teepee is 16-ft high and 16-ft. wide at the base Ms Soper, who is part-Cherokee, said this week: 
"Indians have been living in tee­ pees for thousands of years — but not in Michigan 
“It s so cold If I didn t have the electric blanket, I don't know what I would have done.” 
She also must be careful with her firepit, dug In the center of the teepee “You don’t build a big 

A TEPEE fire and stay far away,” she said 
“You build a small fire and get close ” 
Mr. Soper was laid off from a maintenance job in a Michigan state park four months ago. Next spring, when the campground re­ opens. she will have to move. i 'm gonna build another tee­ pee," she said. “ I’m getting nylon scraps from a sailmaker, ana Iii move it deep into the woods. ’ the cameras at recant full-of-fun party In honor of Bob 
Hop# In Loa Angolas. 

 before taping of tho Mike 

PIU WOULD 
GIVE GOOD 

NIGHT’S REST 

SCIENTISTS are working on a pill which would prevent night­ mares and assure those taking it only pleasant, entertaining dreams. 
Another possibility would per­ mit sleepers literally to “dream up” solutions to their business and personal problems while sleeping. 
What happens during that non­ waking one-third of our lives has sparked a flood of experiments in laboratories across the country. 
Though sleep scientists ac­ knowledge such developments may be a long way off, they are encouraged by discoveries they have already made For instance: 
• Some people enjoy their dreams so much they look for­ ward to sleep with the same eag­ erness others anticipate going to the theater or a sports event; 
• Insomniacs, who swear they can’t sleep, are often slubbering peacefully, and dreaming as well, much of the night; 
• Everybody dreams. 
But most dreams — even complicated ones lasting more than naif an hour — are forgotten on waking. 

Top singer 
Tom Jones won’t do film, claiming ‘it’s too sexy’ 

SINGER TOM JONES, whose gyrations on-stage have prompted more than one woman in his audiences to throw their underwear at him, has turned down a multimillion dollar movie role. 
He thinks it’s too sexy. 
“I was shocked,” said the bashful Mr, 
Jones. The dialogue was full of bad lan­ guage ” 
The screenplay was written by an old friend JACKIE COLLINS from her best­ selling book The Stud which her sister 
Joan is to produce and also star in. 
Jones, the 35-year-old Welsh superstar who now lives in Beverly Hills, said: “ I wouldn’t have been able to live with my­ self if I had accepted the part. They wanted me to play a paid lover who leaps from bed to bed. 
_ 
_ 
“I have a reputation as a bit of a lad 
D ouglas Show , but that’s all on stage. And frankly, I 

A DAIRY is spend­ ing $6o,ooo to re­ turn this old milk bottle to its former glory. 
Known as the 
Sankey bottle, it has stood since 
1933 by a highway at Taunton, Mass. 
It was built as an ice cream parlor and named after the family that ran it. 
But for years, the 
4o-foot tall wooden structure has been empty and decaying. 
Now the 
HP. 
Hood dairy is pay­ ing to have it re­ stored . 
Then it will start life anew — selling frozen yo­ gurts. 

 tnt my in this sort of film. 
“I just don’t think the time Is right for me to do a part like that.” 
The two talented Collins sisters were shocked when he turned it down. 
Joan protested: “What is he scared of? 
He’s made a fortune and a name for him­ self by being a sexually aggressive per­ former In fact, his whole image is that of a great big hunk of man.” 
Beautiful 
DOROTHY 
MALONE is trying to make a showbusiness come­ back at the age of 51. 
Three times married and divorced, the blonde Oscar-winning star of Peyton 
Place has been selling real estate in 
Dallas to help support her two teen­ age daughters. 
She left the 
Hollywood scene five years ago because she said she wanted a slower pace and preferred bringing her daughters up away from Los Angeles. 
Except for a role in TV’s Rich 
Man, Poor Man she has stayed away from showbiz. But now the kids are growing im and she says 
‘ihe’U do anything from Broadway plays to game panel shows 
Veteran BRODERICK CRAW­ 
FORD who will play the title role in a new film about ex-FBI chief 
J. EDGAR HOOVER has, at the age (rf 65, lost none of his love for the pleasures of life. 
At New York’s plush Waldorf 
Astoria bar he was refused ser­ vice after he celebrated with a three-hour drinking spree. 
Only a phone call from his wife in their eighth floor room saved the staff further embarrassment. 
A few shocked guests were left in his wake. 
Ballet great RUDOLPH NU- 
REYEV, who has lived in London since he defected from Russia may run away again. This time to escape the voracious British tax­ man. He is telling friends he is thinking (rf settling in the U.S. 

 a paid lovar In film. 

I may be unduly optimistic but sports commentator 
HOWARD 
OOSELL, the TV personality most of us love to hate, will not be re­ turning for another football sea­ son on ABC, predict some high ranking officials of the network. 
OLIVER REED continues to try and shock the unshockable. He ar­ rived at a party given by actress 
DEBBIE RAFFIN wearing a ten­ nis outfit minus one shoe and then proceeded to quaff red wine from a large tulip-snaped brandy glass. 

★ ★ ★ 
JODI FOOTER, the 14-year-old star of Taxi Driver and Bugsy 
Malone, who commands multi- thousand dollar fees for her films, has been given a raise by her mother: $1 a week. 
Now receiving the princely sum of $1o she says she is saving up to buy a car. Her earnings are in trust until she’s 21. 
Best-kept secret of the pop world: the one BEATLES album the world has never heard is about to be released In the U.S. as a double LP for about $2o each. 
The tape was made when they were appearing at the notorious 

 by Winston Daniel 

^ 
ROBERT 
REDFORD and his wife 
^ 
LOLA are adding to their real es­ tate with a country home in Westport, Connect­ icut. He wants to be near his buddy PALL 
NEWMAN who already lives in the area. 
Actress TUESDAY WELD has gone on a crash diet in an attempt to lose 26 lbs. before 
Ord she starts filming Looking For Mr. Goodbar. 

 marital problems. She is reported to be spending more time with 
RINGO STARR and her baby 
EMJ AH BLUE. 

 grief her hubby Gregg. with 

Star club in Hamburg -12 years ago and is expected to earn $2o million. 

ELVIS who spends a major part of his time fighting his waistline is negotiating a new movie role in which he will trade his singing talents for straight acting. 
Tearaway actor 
RICHARD 
HARRIS got a shock while resting in California when he was told his 
17-year-old son Damien had been suspended from his exclusive 
British private school. 
The principal took the action af­ ter the boy was found in a bed­ room with two classmates and three girls. A chip off the old block! 

But they won’t get any of the cash. The copyright is owned by former musician 
KING 
SIZE 
TAYLOR. 
Talking of the Beatles, PAUL 
McCARTNEY’S new live album 

Musical star ETHEL MERMAN has been upsetting old friends in 
New York since her return from 
London. 

Wings Over America was deliv­ ered to radio stations in true aris- 

She was heard at 21 Club swear­ ing at the hatcheck girl who had insisted on a ticket to collect her fur coat. 

 tocratic fashion . . . on a silver platter earned by a flunkey in black tie, tails and white gloves. 
Here we go again! GREG and 
CHER ALLMAN are having more 

Column contributions by Charlo* Comer. 
Jaan-Plarr* do Lucowlcb A Harvey Mann 

Shock news again for MARY 
HARTMAN fans . . . veteran mov­ ie actress GLORIA DE HAVEN, who has been playing the guest role of Tippytoes in the series, has been dropped. Singer MAR­ 
TIN MULL goes with her but he has signed for a new series with 
NBG 

Nixon says goodbys to hor fethsCs doss frisnd 
Bobs Rebozo after a Bing Crosby concsrt in Now York. 
They arrivsd together, but Tricia loft alone In a cab. 

Enjoying a screening in New York of Elaine May’s new movie, Mikey from left: Cher’s former boyfriend David Geffen, 
Cybil Sheppard, 
Peter “Columbo” Falk and Peter Bogdanovich. 

And Nicky are, 
Ellen 
Burstyn, 

Three years ago president-elect 
JIMMY 
CARTER wasn’t the 
Washington picture of sartorial el­ egance he is today. Some of the credit for his new look is being taken by Atlanta hair-stylist BET­ 
TY SWIMS-GRAY. 
‘ His hair was too long on top and too short around the ears. ’ she said. “ He was top heavy. 
Nevertheless he has super hair.” laquel 

 a 
RAQUEL WELCH has been secret- 
W ly supporting a young Mexican or­ phan for five years. 
Heavyweight champion MUHAMMAD AU is thinking of moving his copious entourage and family to Middleburg, Virginia. He ll be a neighbor of UZ TAYLOR and her husband 
JOHN WARNER who has a farm near the town. 

3o tips that will help you 

MANY taxpayers will have to do more arithmetic this year to fig­ ure out how much income tax they owe Uncle Sam. 
Those handy tax tables — which automatically computed the standard deduction and told you your tax — were abolished for in­ comes under $15,ooo in the 1976 
Tax Reform Act. 

 figure out those new tax returns 

All taxpayers, even those who use the short form, must now work out the standard deduction 

— 
16 per cent of annual income —• before figuring the tax that is due. 
“ It is a slightly altered tax sys­ tem without the tables,” said an 
Internal Revenue Service spokes­ man. 

By ADAM EDWARDS 

 return, schedules and income statements. 

• lf you filed last year, check last year’s return. Much of it will be the same and can save a lot of time. 

• The deduction for child and dependent care is simpler — and larger — this year. 
• There is no longer any sick pay exclusion for employees. 
• The office-at-home deduc­ tion has been severely limited un der the new law. 

“ But all it really means is that people will have to be far more careful with their mathematics.” 
Top tax officials gave the fol­ lowing hints to help Star readers complete 1976 returns accurately : 

• lf you need clearer instruc­ tions write, call or visit an IRS branch for a more comprehensive instruction booklet. 

• Remember to file a return if you have had money withheld, even if your annual income is too low to be taxed. 

• File your return as early as possible. 

• Be sure any tax accountant you use is well-established locally and can be reached all year. 

• Everybody who pays some tax is entitled to a general tax credit. 

• Write legibly, in ink or ball­ point pen. 

• If a refund is due, make cer­ tain the refund is addressed to you and not your accountant. 

• Be sure your address is cor­ rect so your refund, if any, ar­ rives safely. 

• You are responsible tor all information on your return, even if it is prepared by an accountant. 

• Read the instructions sent with your tax form carefully be­ fore you start. 

• Do not be afraid to ask your accountant any questions pertain­ ing to your tax. 

• Be sure your social security number is correct. 

• Make certain the figures on the W2 form from your employer match the figures on your return, 

• Make certain your tax ac­ countant signs your return. You still must sign also, of course. 

• lf you send a check to the 
IRS, note on the back your social security number, the year, and the number of the form accompa­ nying the payment. 

• Be suspicious of any tax re­ turn preparer who guarantees large refunds 

• Attach all schedules with your return, including the Federal copy of the W2, 

• Married couples must in­ clude both the husband's and wife’s social security number on the return. 

• Many IRS offices will pre­ pare your return if you take them all necessary information and papers. 
• The cost of having your re­ turn prepared is tax deductible. 

• Keep a carbon copy of your 

• This year, double-check your mathematics. There are no more tax tables Each taxpayer must compute his own standard deduction. 

• If you earned less than $8, 
OOO you may be entitled to credit even if you didn t pay tax. To col­ lect the credit, however, you must file a return. 

• With a joint return, the hus­ band’s social security number should be written on the check 

• Be sure to apply for an auto­ matic two-month extension if you cannot file on time. 

• Last but not least, remem­ ber to sign the forms One of the most frequent problems the IRS has is from people who forget to autograph their returns 

THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAS— January 2, 1977 
PAGE 7 

 a r i e s 
^art 2: July—December 

HERE is the second of two horoscope pullouts which, taken together, will provide a complete eight-page astrol­ ogical guide for you and your family over the next twelve months. Those who don’t take the stars seriously will find it fun to check back with this guide every so often to see 

 just how accurate it turns out to be. As a bonus inside 

 there is a special feature on babies and their star signs. 
March 21 - April 19 

July 
— Your biggest breaks come close to home this year The 
6, 15. 16. 17. 22, 24 and 3o are good days for working out any domes­ tic problems. Family conflict a r­ ises on I, 3. 14 and !9 Prepare for the unexpected on the 3oth Anoth­ er one of those months that make you feel that you’re just marking lime. Elton John may be having some domestic difficulties 
August — Children and loved ones become more demanding fi­ nancially. Perhaps hsgf- *r educa­ tional m atters will deplete your fi­ nances when it s back to-school time. Avoid risky ventures and gambles, especially on 6. 8 and 13. 
It is a wise person who helps a loved one to a point and then m akes them realize that they too must contribute to their own wel­ fare. 
Best days for vacation, sports and hobbies are 3. 4. 5. 9, 
17. 2o, 23 and 31 Gloria Steinem will be taking on another women’s libber and breaks with a form er friend. Debbie Reynolds financial problems take her to the brink of bankruptcy. 
September — This is a busy month with your ruler Mars pull­ ing you here and there Beware of rash and over-enthusiastic actions on 4. 5. 18. 23 and 28 You can straighten out problems at work and have productive days on 8. 9. 
12. 16. 2o. 24. 25. 26 and 3o Mental energy is high on those days. 
Temptations to overindulge could upset your health this month. 
October — This is the most difficult month of the year. Pluto is a slow moving planet and it particularly affects those born during the first eight days of 
April 
This particular group should be careful with their m ar­ riages. Power struggles exist and you are trying to lorce others to do something or they may be doing it to you. If you are a t­ tem pting to dominate others, you 

Aries subjects: Charlie Chaplin and basketball’s John Ha v lie ck. 

 should stop, no m ailer what your motives are Be careful with all authority symbols on 3. 7. 12, 19, 
2o and 28 Take caution on these days. Best days to improve under­ standing with others are the IHth and 2Hh 
Among those in tile shaky m arriage departm ent will be Steve MiQu<*en. Jam es Caan. 
Catfish Hunter, Peggy U*unon, 
Andre Previn, and Rod Steiger 

By LAURIE BRADY 

N o v e m b e r — Uranus warns you to use caution and practicali­ ty and avoid risky schemes. Big changes and unusual events occur on 4. 9, 15, 2o, and 22 Avoid has­ sles over trifles on these days. 
Best days for financial ideas are 
14 and 2o. 
December — With Mercury. 
Mars and Uranus all turning re­ trograde this month, hold back on starting new projects What you set out to do now never gets fin­ ished or you will be disappointed in the outcome unless you get it started by I, 3 or 8 
Don t overdo on 4, 7, 2o. 22 and 28 Pleasant as­ pects occur on the holidays and you will be sharing and caring with loved ones. 

• Lucky color Red; Lucky stone 
Diamond; Lucky day Tuesday; 
Ijjcky number 8; Lucky flower 
Violet. 

April 2o - May 2o 
July — This is a month of many short trips, shopping, run­ ning errands and making visits to relatives and neighbors You may feel a little upset on July I. 3. 14 and 19. Social affairs and shop­ ping spreed are favored on July 
3o A small financial windfall is coming your way. Don’t let the money bum a hole in your pocket 
August — Problem s with fam i­ ly m em bers, a parent or an in law cause burdens on you Expect de­ lays and discom forts August 13. 
Avoid harsh confrontations 
Au­ gust 6 and 8 are difficult days for reversals and upsetting news. 
Tom Snyder could get into trouble with the bosses at NBC 
September — 
A new rom ­ ance for the young or young at heart m akes this a good month 
September 8, 9. 12. 16 2o . 24. 25, 
26 and 3o are good days lor vaea turning, hobbies, sports You will find unusual places to spend your leisure tim e. Don’t gamble with short funds or blow up with loved ones on the 4. 5. 18 arid 23 Avoid extravagance on Sept 
28 
Don 

Taurus subjects: Singers Trim 
Lopez and (.amie Kazan. 

Rickies may become a victim of a fraudulent scheme. 
October — You will be m eet­ ing someone interesting under some unusual circum stances while traveling or commuting back and forth to work. This is a busy but tricky month. 
Avoid coming to any fast decisions Au­ drey Hepburn will be in the news 
October 2o will be a day of great tem peram ent and conflict. 
November — 
You may be ham pered by hostile or stubborn m ates or close associates Those born in April are having problems with Uranus in their m arriage house. Many of these m arriages will end unless they have a strong relationship 
Typical of this is 
Cher, Glen Campbell. Dr Benja­ min Spock, Tom Snyder, d o ris 
I beachman, Burt Bacharach, En­ gelbert Humperdinck, Bernadette 
Devlin, Ann-Margret. Even pres­ ently unm arried Taureans like 
Barbra Streisand will be splitting with loved ones And more stable m arriages like those of Shirley 
Temple Black, Bing Crosby, and 
Queen Elizabeth will also have their storm y moments 
December — 
Added pres sures brought on by the holidays cause further family conflicts 
December I, 4, 7, 8, 9, 28 and 29 are particularly difficult days 
Tile days your energy level will be high and you can accomplish much are on December I. 3. 13, 
21. 24 and 27 Spiff up your home scene for the holidays December 
24 is a good day to have a party. 

• Lucky color Pink; 
Lucky stone Emerald; Lucky day Fri­ day; 
Lucky number 6; 
Lucky flower Daisy. 
GEMINI 

 planet ot love, is in your sign all month bringing parties, social activities. You feel very- affection ate and sociable especially on Ju ­ ly 6, 15, 16, 17, 22 and the 3oth is the best day of all. Just simply please yourself July 19 bnngs the only heartache of the whole month. John Boy of the Waltons will he getting great recognition and wedding bells may not bi* far off 
August — Some problem s may crop up with relatives or neigh­ bors. You may find your auto and 
TV set are acting up This is not a good tim e to replace either one as you may get a lemon 
Some changes in your neighborhood or im m ediate environment m ay dis­ courage you. You won t be able to com m unicate as readily as you 

May 2f - June 21 
After July 6 Venus, the 

Gemini subjects: Football’s Joe 
Namath, TV’s Susan Strasberg. 

 used to. especially on August 6, 8 and 13 Morris Udall will become a leading opponent of Jim m y 
Carter. M ars in your sign all month m akes for some explosive situations 
September — 
Your family acts up and may try to deter you from some goal this month Avoid things that are a bit shady or ille­ gal on Sept 
4. 5. and don’t go overboard on the 28th Be careful of gossip The best days are Sep­ tem ber 8, 9, 12 and 2o These are busy days in the home area Wil­ bur Mills will be back in the news 
October — Things are hum ­ ming along nicely now Feel free to express yourself to loved ones and children. Prom ote your hob­ bies and recreational activities. 
This is a good month for vacation 
Avoid disputes over money or pus sessions of others Avoid wasteful spending on O d obi*r 3, 19, and 2o. 
There may be some surprising changes in the job area at the end of the month 
November 
— 
C ow orkers may bi* trying to pull you Iwek down to earth. Your auto proves to be expensive to you this month 
Work may not go too smoothly on 
November 4. 9. 15 and 22. You are physically and mentally de­ pressed on Hie latter day. Misun­ 

 derstandings aboud Tony Curtis may be making a switch in wives about this time. 
December — This is a month of opposition from m ate, boss and others You may be feeling rather smug and others bring you back to earth on December 4. Your physical vitality is low and espe- dally those born from June 2 to 
June 7 must be careful of using drugs, drinking or taking the wrong medication. lh* sure to eat the proper foods and get plenty of rest. TTiere is also a lot of di*cep tion around Be sure that others are presenting them selves and their deals as clearly as possible 
Many of the secrets surrounding the assassination of John F. Ken nedy will be brought out in the open. 

• Lucky color Yellow; Lucky stone Pearl; laickv day Wednes­ day; 
Lucky number 5; 
Lucky flower Rose. 
CANCER 

June 22 • July 22 

July — You feel free to express yourself more. This is a good tim e to recharge your batteries and carry on those new projects They could inflate your ego and bring cash July 6, 14. 15, 16, 17 , 22, 24, and 3o are good days for construc­ tive action. The latter day be cau­ tious of financial folly. Days to use caution are I, 2, 3, 14, and 19 
The latter day is difficult for Lim 
Johnson Nugent. She may not bi* too happy with the direction of her husband’s career. 

August — Saturn cautions you to be careful with finances and possessions, especially on August 

Cancer subjects: Darn in' Ginger 
Rogers and Yu! Brynner. 

13. Recognize values 
Curb ex­ penditures. Do not gam ble as a loss is inevitable. You may have some good financial insight on Au- 
3, 4, 9. ll, 17, 2o, 23, and 31. it keep your impulses within reasonable bounds Phyllis Diller lias to look out for heavy financial losses and a loved one leaving her life 

September — short trips, study, correspondence, m eetings and conferences, shopping, visit­ ing are all things that keep you busy this month 
M ars enters yinir sign this month forcing you to m ake some im portant deci- 

Continued on next page 

PAGE 8 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR — 
Jonoory 3, 1977 

Star HOROSCOPE 1977 

From preceding page 

 sions. Don’t make rash decisions on Sept. 4, 5, 18, 23, and 26. 

October — Another one of those challenging months when you feel rejection over a busy sig­ nal on the phone. Your domestic affairs of utmost importance and family members may be acting up. October 19 and 2o are days that you should not fly into a rage. October 28 is another tricky day Use caution with finances. 
Bill Cosby will also have to watch his temper with his family. 
November 
U ranus may 

LEO 

 bring some unexpected expenses because of a child or loved one 
Those bom July 2 to 9 may be moving if they have not already done so this year. Cancers hate to make changes, but these may be forced on you in some way. Best days for romance and happiness are November I, 2, and 14. You can expect some hostilities on No­ vember 4, 9, 15, 2o and 22. Avoid hassles over money 
December — The month is filled with last-minute chores and details so you can have one of the nicest holidays you’ve had in years. Good days to get. these im­ portant things done are December 
I, 3, 8, 13, 24 and 27. Don’t shop on December 4, 7, 16, 2o and 22 
You will either go overboard in spending or won t like your pur­ chases after you get them home. 
Ann Landers should watch her health during the holiday season. 

• Lucky color White or Silver; 
Lucky stone Ruby; Lucky day 
Monday; Lucky number 2; Lucky flower Water Lily. 

Don’t remoin faithful to those things better given up... 

 things done in the financial area 
Leos are known to be self-cen­ tered and love attention and with 
Venus in your sign until Septem­ ber 23, your wish for flattery and attention becomes insatiable Get all the pampering you can get, go to parties, but consider the ego of your loved ones, too. Loved ones turn off on September 18 and some responsibility makes you cancel your plans. 
October — The tempo of your life accelerates. You’d yearn to live in a summer season ail year 

July 23 • Aug. 22 

July - 
More than any other sign. Leo inspires envy. You are dangerously lacking in suspicion 
Therefore, your secret enemies can gain advantage over you be­ fore you become aware of it. It’s a good time to look back over the first half of the year and see what you can do to change your life for the better. Do not devote yourself to an unworthy cause or remain faithful to things or persons that are better given up Best days for making these decisions are July 6. 
15, 17, 18, 22, 24. The 3oth is a tricky day. You will go to a spar­ kling social affair. Some unex­ pected events may transpire there, setting you on edge. 
Jacqueline Onassis and Valerie 
Harper will be making some pain­ ful separations in July. 

A u g u s t — This is a wide op­ portunity month and only your natural laziness could cause a flub up, especially on August 13. the most frustrating day of the year. Other days to expect rever­ sals are 6, 8 and 9 Best days for vacation or plans going more smoothly are 3, 4 , 5, 9, 17 . 2o 23 and 31 Mae West will be making headlines again. 
September— This is the time to reflect on your resources and entire value system September 8, 
9 and IO are good days to get 

VIRGO 

Leo subjects: Tony Bennett and actress Valerie Harper. so will appreciate the early days of autumn for weekends in the country, shopping and taking more interest in your immediate environment. October 7, 8, 9 and 
IO are particularly nice days for pleasant outings. Use caution with relatives and neighbors on Octo­ ber 3, 19, 2o and 21. Keep angry thoughts to yourself. 
November — ah kinds of strange things are happening in the home area. Those born August 
4, 5 and 6 are particularly upset on November 4 and 9 Saturn will leave your sign on November 16 for a short respite but returns again next year to plague the 
I.eos bom from August 16 to 23 
Family members act up on Nov. 
15, 2o and 22 November 14 is the best time to spruce up your home or patch up quarrels. Carroll O’­ 
Connor may be having some prob­ lems with his wife or daughter 
I this month. 
December — This is one of j your happiest months. You are 
| normally so optimistic that you do bounce back from disasters that would knock other people out. 
Your emotional involvements improve and December I, 2 and 3 are good days for whatever makes you happy. December 4, 7, 
I 14, 15, i6 are not the best days to shop or expect much from your loved ones December 8, 13, 16, 21, 
24, 25 and 27 are much happier days. Your year ends on an up 

I swing. 
• Lucky color Gold or Orange; 
Lucky stone Sardonyx; Lucky day 
Sunday; Lucky number I; Lucky flower Poppy. 

Aug 23 • Sept 23 
July — Your social life and group activity is accentuated now. 
Your friendships should go well as long as you don’t rattle off, perpe­ tuate unimportant conversations, indulge in endless repetitions and 

 annoying details. Best days are 
July 6, 15, 16, 2o, 21 and 22. Pre­ pare for secrets coming out into the open on July 3o. 
August — Inner pressures could precipitate an accident or illness or you may be visiting someone who is confined or just emerging from the hospital. Your intuition is sharpened now by all psychic helpers, so pay attention to what your tarot cards, Ouija board or dreams tell you now. 
Low days are August I, 2, 3, 6, and the 13th is the worst day of all. Better days are 4, 9, 15, 16, 17, 
2o, 23 and 31. Sophia Loren may be concerned about her mother’s health. 
September — Vacation and " other plans vacillate as your ruler 
Mercury is flipping back and forth until September 15. After that it becomes a hyperactive month and you will become more concerned with personal matters. 
You can project yourself success­ fully on September 8, 9, 12, 13, 16, 
2o, 24, 25, 26 and 3o. Watch out for nerves on September 4 or you’ll shrew yourself right out of a beautiful love arrangement. Other difficult days are 5, 18, 23 and 28. 
October — Venus in your sign until October 18 brings a new magic in your personality. You will attract more attention. Ac­ cept all invitations. You are more positively oriented. Your material resources give you pleasure on 
Oct. 18 ana 21. Be cautious with 

Virgo subjects: Actor Ben Gaz- zara and Joan Kennedy. 

 fraudulent offers on Oct. 3, 7, 12 that makes you angry on the 19th 
Best days Oct. 9, IO and ll. Althea 
Gibson may be winning a nice cash prize • 
November — Venus brings more vigorous intellectual ex­ changes with friends — letters, phone calls and weekend jaunts. 
Ixwk for bargains at sales or an unexpected check in the mail. 
Don't be surprised to find yourself in a course in business real estate or even stock brokerage. You have a red hot urge to move ahead. Get into an executive training program if you can Best days for this is November 5, 6. 7, and 14 Difficult days are Novem­ ber 4, 9, 15, 19 and 2o. 
December — There may be confusion in the home area, and concern for parents or family members. The home scene is shaky and there may be a need for repairs — perhaps plumbing or other leaks. Be careful that you don’t get swindled when making any repairs. Those born from 
Sept 4 - 9 are more likely to be the victim. You may feel tempo­ rarily paralyzed and you won’t have your usual energy. Difficult days are December 3, 4, 7, 16 and 
28. Don’t let these days get in the way of your Christmas celebra­ tions. Loosen up, relax and be happy with all those people who really care Relationships are bet­ ter on December I, 8, 13, 24 , 25, and 27 Robert Blake is in a state of confusion 
• Lucky color Green; Lucky stone 
Sapphire; 
Lucky day 
Wednesday; 
Lucky number 5; 
Lucky flower Morning Glory. 

• MORE FORECASTS 
ON 
FACING PAGE 

■ 
■■ ■■■ ■ way 

THE CENTURIES-OLD practice of plan- ning a family with the help of astrology has been updated for the 7os. 
The custom that began with the Babylonians back in 2oo B.C. is now being used by many ce­ lebrities to plan their own happy families. Mov­ ie stars Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood ad­ mitted planning for a Virgo child because this is a sign compatible to both of them—he is 
Aquarius while she is Cancer. 
They missed by only a few days. Their first child, Natasha, was bom on September 29, making her a Libra. 
According to THE STAR’S panel of astrolo­ gists, a child’s personality is determined by the zodiac-sign which was dominant at the time of birth. Those bom under the star-sign of Leo make natural leaders. But if your first child is a Leo he might be bossy. 
A Sagittarian first child will be protective to­ wards younger brothers and sisters—but he could also lead them into mischief. The ideal first child, they believe, is probably a practical 
Capricorn or a lively Arian. 
Family planning according to the stars can be used by any young couple with the aid of the following chart prepared by THE STAR S astr ologists: 

ARIES: March 21—April 19: Lively and un­ conventional children, not easy to discipline 
The Aries child has many good qualities though 
—courage, an exciting personality and he is a natural leader. 
Arians can be restless and impatient but they rarely lose hope or become too despondent 
They can be a source of encouragement and help to other children. They often do well in life. 
They are exceptionally honest and straight forward, and they find it hard to understand that everyone else is not the same. Because of this, their feelings are often hurt by small friends at school, by their marriage partners in later life. 
Compatible people: Leo and Sagittarius. 

TAURUS: April 2o—May 2o: These are gen­ erous children but they can be stubborn and difficult Mostly they are warm-natured and helpful. They usually have no difficulty in mak­ ing friends. A Taurus child will not easily for­ give or forget an undeserved punishment, so tx* careful. 
May be jealous of a new brother or sister at first, but his natural wish to get on with others will soon solve the problem Taurus children are more venturesome than most, and love to explore and experiment. But parents should watch out that they don’t over reach them­ selves. 
At school, do not expect them to do well in things like math. Although highly intelligent they dislike using their brains But they enjoy using their hands and are good at handicrafts 
Compatible people: Capricorn and Virgo. 
GEMINI: May 21—June 21: Unpredictable children who rarely stay in the same mood for long They are vivacious and gregarious most­ ly, but can suddenly become depressed and unapproachable. 
They are sharing and generous and good brothers or sisters Geminis lack concentration so school work might cause some problems on occasions but they are often very intelligent and talented. 
They like company and make friends easily 
They have a natural aptitude for almost any kind of sport and are usually good at bandi crafts 
They have oodles of self-confidence and en joy being the center of attraction, as they usually are. 
Compatible people: Aquarius and Libra. 
CANCER: June 22—July 22: Emotional and sensitive children with complex personalities 
They are easily hurt and will react strongly to what they consider unfair puiushrrient 
They can achieve a great deal, though, with 

 u 

Astrology followers 
Wood with the famil stars, daughters Nutj 
Natasha (Libra) ii they planned. Cl 

 correct handling and the motivation! considerate to oth^ confidants. 
They have inquir 
Because of this,- the well at anything anything mechanic] 
Both boys and both are devoted 
Compatible peop] 

LEO; July 23-^ with a great deal are natural leaders anemically. They children into doing| too bossy 
Leo children ari when they are sm intense dislike of more towards the 
Compatible peopj 

VIRGO. Augus headed children w: sion and good sen intelligent and oft adulthood. 
A Virgo child wlien he tries—usij 
He nearly always problems when he I moas fass and coif than he is 
They never lad they pick their real I most, the Virgo cli sustained relations! 
Compatible peopj 

LIBRA: Septrm sensitive and pere changeable Alway his personal charm dally as well as a of interests but get| 

Carol Burnett; A ro>al date. 

 ter. and she will be back to her songs within a few days. 
CAROL BURNETT, America’s reigning queen of comedy, will be­ meet mg foreign royalty soon. She will have to set aside her famous scrub bucket and mop to pretty herself up, because the Queen of 
England will be inviting the native 
San Antonian to dinner. 
Carol's stage personality is 
B ing to change. She will always a funny laay. but she. will also turn to more serious roles 
In fact, she is liable to enter politics in a big way. And when she does, she will be a winner! a winner in all things she at­ tempts . . . a tremendous success, 

The President will reverse the trend of the last four years to­ ward weakness in dealings with the Congress 
President Carter will ri*store many of the powers that the Congress had restricted, especially in foreign affairs. 
In Congress, the big man on 
Capitol Hill will be the little giant from West Virginia, SENATOR 
ROBERT BYRD. For the first tune since Lyndon Johnson left the Senate, there will be someone able to step into his boots there 
If Jimmy Carter wants to suc­ ceed in his new job. fa* will do well to take advice from Bobby 
Byrd. 
In months to come, just when 
Mr Carter has his hands full with problems here at home, a foreign crisis will bring him to the most 
Continued.on next page 

 sis rather than to have been forced to do so 
President 
Carter will, once again, create a political crisis by granting wholesale Presidential 
Pardons to persons convicted of crimes 
He will do so out of sympathy for them and for their families. 
But his motives will be misunder­ stood Much criticism and a semi­ tragedy will come his way be­ cause of that act of mercy. 
Mr Carter’s mother. MISS U L­ 
LIAN, will become a national ce­ lebrity next year, and will some­ times get even more publicity than her son Her candid rem arks about politics and politicians will create a furor, and the President will be unable to keep her quiet. 
Jimmy Carter will convince the 
Congress to pass legislation to re­ duce unemployment. It will help some, but not much. Many people will be disappointed that promises of jobs were not fulfilled. 
Irater on. financial decisions made by the President and his ad­ visors concerning interest rates or borrowing money will pick up the economy and reduce unemploy­ ment 
The White House will challenge the* Civil Service system and try to gain control of Uh* federal work force. 
But some government agencies will become unionized. 
They will resist some of President 
Carter’s policies. 
Parts of his 
Administration may even be* closed down by a strike of their employees, lf the 
President handles that crisis in a dynamic and forceful way. he will have the upper hand in Washing­ ton for the rc*st of his term. 
Mr Carter’s plans to nsirgan- ize the federal agencies and de- nartmerits will get tangled up in the bureaucracy's own n*d tape! 
He will discover that it is a bigger job than he had thought, and he will try to straighten out one or two departments rather than tak­ ing on the entire government .it once 

I see even more illustrious reputations headed for ruin 

THROUGHOUT the 
Water­ gate scandal. I w arned that the controversy was unleash­ ing an evil genie from its bot­ tle, and that genie would even­ tually destroy those who had released him. 
I repeat that prediction today. 
More illustrious names in govern­ ment will be brought low by scan­ dal. 

More reputations will be ruined. An entire generation of political leadership will be dis­ credited. 
Across the Potomac River from 
Washington. D C . at the hilltop grave of John F. Kennedy will be unanswered questions. 
The American people will lose faith in their leaders, in their in­ stitutions, and in themselves. 
Many years ago. I predicted that the &>uth would hold the bal­ 

 ance of power in American poli­ tics; that the candidate it favored would win the White House That was the case this year. as in 1972 and 1968. 
It will still be true in 198o 
Our new President should re­ member this; the South mad** him what he is, and it can unmake him too. Within one year, he will understand what that means 
Now let us look at what JIMMY 
CARTER can expect during the first year or two of his presiden­ cy. 
Mr. Carter will raise eyebrows in Washington when he appoints to high office some very compe­ tent people from former Adminis­ trations. He will do this regard­ less of party differences because of their dedication to their coun­ try. 
He will bring into the White 
House a large number of intellec­ tuals and scholars, so that it will 

Carter: Some sur­ prises in ’77. 
Ford: A time for questions. 

 be quite a lively place. But he will also be plagued by friends .seeking favors. 
And no m atter how hard he tries to avoid nepotism and favor­ itism. he will have to make unex­ pected changes in his top person­ nel before long. 
By the end of his first year in office. President Carter will be stunned to discover that wiretap­ ping or some other electronic sur­ veillance has been conducted around him. Previously recorded speeches will be used to em bar­ rass him. 

Sometime next year, the Presi­ dent will trave! abroad As an old 
Navy man, he will sign important documents, perhaps a treaty, aboard a ship I^et us hope the seas will be steady, both that day and throughout his Administra­ tion. 
What he will like least about his job is the pressure it will place upon his family life. In fact, per­ sons dear to him could share the danger he will face throughout his term. 
Triple security measures are a must! For his own sake, he will have to restrain himself from plunging into crowds. 
Soon after his inauguration, another controversy will flare in volving the admittance policies of his church That unfortunate m at­ ter is not yet closed. 
It will return and cause him,to offer reasons why he failed to al­ low integration of the races at his church on a strictly voluntary ba 
LUCKY SINATRA, SCARED 
ROYAL CAROL 

AS 
FRANK SINATRA used to put it. Luck will he* a lady for him as this new year begins And if he keeps his cool in the following months, good fortune will stay with him. just as surely as his 
I den voice has remained mel- w al! these years 
Happiness with his children and grandchildren will be more im­ portant than difficulties with law­ yers and their contracts. 
If he accepts the offer of a film role, a dramatic part without singing, it will boost his spirits to compensate for disappointments with someone he has trusted too much. 
As he sets his own course — his way. needless to say — he will say goodbye to freeloaders who take advantage of him But with truly charitable causes, he will al­ ways be generous 
In fact, when his many kind­ nesses come to light in later years, he will be honored for all the good he quietly did 
With every honor of the enter­ tainment world at his feet, Ameri­ ca’s favorite blue-eyes will re­ ceive still greater recognition — for himself. 
Three years of solid fame await 
SUNNY BONO. The first months of 1977 are an unusually favorable time for him to make contracts and new plans His professional decisions now could guarantee his popularity long after. 

Sinatra: Lady laitk’s friend. 

Until the end of 1979. he will be riding high, and not only here in 
America A foreign tour to an is­ land country, Japan or Britain, will give him new life. 

His daughter will remain his special sunshine 
CHASTITY 
BONO will be included in his act, but her father will shelter her from the usual unhappiness of child performers. 

Later this year. Sonny will rush to the bedside of someone serious­ ly ill. His mission of mercy will be misinterpreted. But out of a sense of obligation, he will as­ sume responsibilities not his 
Marriage will continue to be a 

Sonny ’n’ Cher; Ups ’n’ downs. 

 rocky road for CHER. Her pre sent marriage will interfere with ber personal freedom and profes­ sional success. It is not destined for a lengthy run. 

Cher will continue as a televi­ sion smash, but the movies she dreams about in private will have to wait. The time is not yet ripe for her to branch into movies 

Her biggest fear is losing her children, nut I have a word of reassurance for her. She need not fear. They will always be with her. 

Her fans will be alarmed when she cheeks in for surgery at a hos 
P«tal. But it will be a routine mat- 

From preceding page perilous crossroads of his entire career. lake a lost and weary traveller, wandering through the deserts of the Middle East, he will be swept up in the sandstorms of Arabia. 
The peaceful Age of Aquarius has not yet dawned upon the United 
States. Terrible dangers await us still in the Arab-Israeli conflict. 
PRESIDENT FORD will have a peaceful retirement. He will not become the fighting leader of his 
Republican Party. Instead, I see him as an executive in business or education. 
The Fords will not make their home in Washington In fact, they will spend much of the new year in leisurely travels. Then Mr. 
Ford will settle down to work on his own memoirs and his re­ search for them will open his eyes to things he had not seen before. 
His biggest ' might-have-been” will concern his decision not to of­ fer Ronald Reagan the vice presi­ dential nomination in 1976 
Instead of returning to the polit­ ical fray, he will dedicate himself to his family. They will be need­ ing his strength and advice. 
His Party, however, faces Ire mendous upheaval and change. It may even change its name' If so. many of its most famous mem­ bers, including members of Con­ gress, will quit its ranks in pro­ test 
Other men will rise from the ashes of political defeat to stage spectacular comebacks RONALD 
REAGAN is still destined for na­ tional leadership, because Ronald 
Reagan is, politically speaking, quicker on the trigger than his ad­ versaries, be they Democrats or 
Republicans 
SEN. RICHARD SCHWEIKER of Pennsylvania will be heard from again in more ways than one President Carter will rue the day when Dick Schweiker became a household word, because he will lead the opposition to many of 
Mr 
C arters most important plans 
HENRY KISSINGER will be surrounded by controversy even after he leaves office His critics will pursue him with accusations and suspicions But he will soon set to work writing his memoirs, rind the last laugh will be his. 
He will reveal hidden facts about his detractors, which-will expose their true intentions and reveal his own unappreciated ac­ complishments 
Disasters involve fire and water 
NATURE will strike back at man kind 
Great disasters will take place in springtime and early summer They will bring mourn ing and foreboding to that season of new life Castastrophes ol the earth and fire and water will 

New political giants, new cities-and natural catastrophes 
-I rn w 

Richard 
Sctmei- Kissinger: 
Even ker: An opponent, more controversy. 

 touch thousands of lives all at once and will bring millions more a common sense of caring and compassion. 
Violent crimes will grow worse 
Angry citizens will take to the streets to force public officials to defend them against hoodlums. 
This will be the turning point in 
America’s fight against crime 
Some communities will sweep the lawbreakers out of town 
There will be few airplane hi­ jackings in the year ahead, but a new kind of terror will appear on the high seas. Ships, including passenger liners, will be hijacked, and passengers and ships will be hold for ransom 
It will be open piracy! But it will not last long Forceful mea­ sures will sweep the modern pir­ ates off the seas and make the oceans safe again for travellers. 
Speaking of ships, a mysterious disappearance or serious accident will befall an ocean-going vessel 
It may occur in the Bermuda 
Triangle and will make world au­ thorities take more seriously the strange happenings in that area 
Still on the high seas, misfor­ tune awaits two liners bearing the names of famous personalities, a 
Queen and a President May their captains be ever cautious 
A tax rebellion will sweep 
America! Some homeowners will refuse to pay their property taxes 
Some local governments will ac­ tually go broke. Public buildings will alose for lack of funds 
Other public buildings—schools, museums, offices—will be occu­ pied by people in search of decent 

CRONKITE WILL STAY ON 
WALTER CRONKITE, right, the dean ut television newsmen, will not retire this year. 
.And so, a dozen eager young men at CBS can rest easy tor a little while longer. Before they prepare to move into his chair, they will have to learn to keep up with him. Alter this year. 
Waiter will give one of them a hand up. letting him take over his duties while he goes on ex­ tended vacations. But he will still be around to add, “ That’s the way it is.” 

 homes. The cost of housing will skyrocket, and families unable to afford places to live will become squatters in government build­ ings. 
While on the subject of taxes, I have bad news for our friends at the 
Internal 
Revenue Service. 
Public* resistance to higher and higher income taxes will swamp the IR S with cases of non-pay­ ment—millions of them! Will the government ' make do” without the people’s money? Do not count on it. 
Government spending will soar to dizzying heights in 1978. The 
President and the Congress will allocate huge sums of money as if there will be no tomorrow. 
If they do not quickly realize their mistake, there will be no to­ morrow. The United States will plunge into an economic abyss. 
But if the government learns a lesson from the taxpayers’ rebel­ lion, it will be able to halt its rush into bankruptcy in time to pre­ serve the value of the dollar and the future of the American peo­ ple. 
Mistreatment of children 

HORRIBLE exposes will reveal the mistreatment of thousands and thousands of children by their own families. And to save young­ sters from this brutality iii their own homes, emergency rescue teams will be formed by churches and other organizations. 
Out of this sad experience will come a new concern for children everywhere. 
America and the world must turn its attention and its resources away from its wilful and wasteful luxuries as we know them today, and convert them over to the needs of the little ones 
A tragic wave of suicides will engulf America The entire coun­ try will be shocked at the deaths of some prominent persons who will take their own lives. 
The future of some American cities is bright, but for others it is dim 
In some of them, whole neighborhoods will be evacuated and abandoned 
Their residents will become modern refugees, fleeing into the countryside to start new lives there. 
Out of this unfortunate experi­ ence will come smaller but stronger cities, and millions of people will find happier, healthier communities away from urban slum areas. 
New cities will spring up in the deserts of the West and in the for­ est lands of the South. 
New York City will again teeter on the brink of bankruptcy It will again be rescued by the Congress 
Its distant future is bright But like every brilliant morning, it lies on the other side of midnight 

ELIZABETH TAYLOR S new hus­ band. JOHN WARNER, will get used to the limelight. From here on out, he will not be able to es­ cape it Their marriage will con­ tinue to make headlines. 
.John is in love with Eliza­ beth He is also in love with love itself, like a schoolboy with his first crush He and Miss Taylor will become disenchanted with their highly publicized family life. 
She is such a free spirit, she cannot be tied down. It John tries to keep her all to himself, there will be fireworks. 
I offer the happy couple my congratulations, but they should both be prepared for problems in­ volving financial arrangements with children. 

Richard Burton: success, sadness 

For RICHARD BURTON the new year will bring success touched by sadness, just as his genius has been touched by his headstrong ways. 
His dramatic talent will burst forth in new channels. He will be­ come a writer! This new outlet for his creative spirit will help him to straighten out his personal life. 
The first months of 1977 will be his best 
Everything will go his way then. But as the year wears on, his happiness will' be imper­ iled by scandalous stories and un­ reliable friends. 
If he keeps his mind on his work and on his goals, he will come through all right. But if he broods about criticism and disap­ pointments. those matters will worsen and he will become a lone­ ly. angry man. 
He could even do harm to him- 

Burton and wile: A separation. 

 self by careless and reckless liv­ ing. 
Great changes will come upon his marriage, his place of resi­ dence and the relationships that mean the most to him. A separa­ tion will disrupt his home life and cause him to wish for the good old days when he and I ,iz Taylor were stunning the world with their fab­ ulous romance. 
On the other side of those for­ midable challenges, a brilliant fu­ ture is waiting for Burton 
To reach it. he will have to abandon hope forever of winning back his former lady. 
He will have to conquer, not his enemies, but his temper and his unquenchable appetites 
Then, just when he thinks the best years of his life are forever lost, a new world of accomplish went and fame will open up be fore him. 

Joe Nam ath: No m arriage yet. 

JOE 
NAMATH, the tousled superstar of the New York Jets, will not marry in the near future 
When he does walk down the aisle, he would be well advised to have a pre nuptial marriage con­ tract. making clear what will be­ long to him and what will belong to the woman who wins him 
That written agreement will lat­ er prevent headaches much worse than his notorious knee injury 
Next year will find him more ac­ tive than before in television and films His success in show busi­ ness will enable him to live the comfortable life he hungers for 
His home will become a show­ place of great beauty. To keep it going, he will have to watch his investments. After two more sea­ sons, he will retire from profes­ sional athletics. 
Watch those dollars, font! 

HENRY WINKLER - every body's favorite Fonz— will broad­ en his talents He will be a smash in a serious drama. 
In a few years, he will be ac­ claimed as a dramatic actor and will appear in public as the Fonz only on special occasions. 
In his finances. Henry Winkler will be as careful as the Fun/ is reckless. 
Despite his disbelief in astrolo­ gy, he has formidable psychic powers They will come to the surface, and he will become an avid student of mysticism. He will thereby discover a whole new part of himself that he had not recognized before 
Though an Oscar is now just his secret dream, an Academy Award will one day be his. 
He should guard against acci­ dents. especially in acting stunts 
A good stand-in will save him from grave injury. 
In the meantime, he must keep an eye out tor a person born early in the month of June who will play a crucial role in the future destiny of the Fonz. 
Coretta King’s year of glory 

For CORETTA KING, widow of 
Martin Luther King, 1977 will bt* a year of glory. She will receive a presidential appointment as a travelling representative of the 
United States 
Her new activities will suit her well, even though she is going to learn that not every promise made to her will be kept 
Many marriage proposals will come her way, but she will not ac­ 

 cept them She will find a greater fulfillment in public service and charitable activities, especially in looking after her own children. 
Some sort of adverse personal publicity will cause her to Ques­ tion her direction in life, ana she will go into seclusion for a while to think things through. 
But at the end of all these expe­ riences, including the loss of someone dear to her, she will emerge with a stronger faith and sense of reassurance. 
JACK LORD, the dynamic star of Hawaii 5-o. can expect another successful year to pile on top of cill his previous ones. But 1977 has some special surprises. 
Towards its end, new contract offers will lure him away from his fantastically successful series to perform in special productions that will allow him to fulfill his lifetime's wish. 
Good fortune will bring perils with it. Complicated professional negotiations in May, 1978, will threaten to undermine his entire career He will have to use ex­ traordinary care. 
In the meantime, a visit to some kind of shrine or temple. 

How personalities will fare in 1977 

Jack 1/ord. Watch for danger. 

 perhaps in a foreign land, will lead to costly legal problems. 
If he remains as alert in real life as he always is on television, he will foresee this situation and deal with it before it arises. 
Painter Merv, generous AU 

MERY 
GRIFFIN’* spotlight will remain bright for years to come. His career will move along from one triumph to the next. 
His personal life, however, re- 
3 lures more care. In his case, omestic duties and television will not mix. Like oil and water, they will have to be kept sepa­ rate. 
But Merv will find himself in a different kind of oil. Fainting! He will become an accomplished art­ ist. 
I his new outlet for his creativi­ ty will make him feel confident in everything he does All in all, this will be one of his best years for fulfillment and achievement. 
MUHAMMED ALI will score several financial knockouts this year 
His personal appearances will bolster his business interests. 
And lucky for him* Because his activities in 1977 will bt* very cost­ ly- 
He will support many friends out of personal sympathy for them and their families. 
His personal relationships will lead him to spend a little too free­ ly And when it comes to charity. he is not going to pull any punch­ es. 

He will give to worthy causes until it hurts his pocketbook. Even though he wants the world to think he has a big mouth, he real­ ly has a giant heart. 
Later on. a film of his life will launch him on a new career. 
Throughout the future, he will en­ joy robust good health as long as he watches his weight. 
The only thing that can K O. this champ will be too many ca­ lories. 
Changes for 
Carly, Yankees 

CARLY SIMON S greatest success will be as a singer of songs rather than as a writer of them This new year starts off well for her. and commitments made early will be made wisely. 
A good working relationship with her accompanists will be crucial for her musical future. 
Otherwise, an unexpected inter­ ruption. perhaps a musicians’ strike, will cost her dearly, both in money and in professional ad­ vancement . 

She will reach a goal she has been seeking since childhood. At last she will discover the meaning of true happiness. 

For BILLY MARTIN.the mana- 
? 
;er of the New York Yankees, 
977 will be a year of changes. 
They will not all be of his own choosing. He will find himself in new situations, especially relating to his job 
He will not be as satisfied with his future players as he is now with his present team. This will make him want to leave profes­ sional baseball. 
But Billy will always be in­ volved deeply with children He will act as a father figure to many famous athletes, and privately as­ sist many of their families. 
His lasting fame in the world of sports will come from the many talented youngsters he will dis­ cover ana nurture into greatness. 
Disappointment for Mondale 
Vice President 
FRITZ MON­ 
DALE will get off to a roaring start in his new job. ready to take on ihe world. But his optimism will fade as time goes by His re- 

Walter Mondale. Diluted optimism. 

Barbara Jordan: Power ahead. lationship with .Jimmy Carter will not always be cordial Serious dis­ agreements will arise between them. When that happens, he will wish he could have his old job back as Senator. 
The role of Vice President will be insufficient for his talents. But if he does not keep an eye on his waistline, all those ceremonial dinners will make him a little chubby! 
He will have to keep in top shape, especially when he is called upon to travel overseas on an urgent mission to mend fences with this country’s allies. 
Mick Jagger needs prudence 

For MICK JAGGER, the bad boy of the music world, this yoar will be as jarring as his songs 
His personal affairs will interrupt his artistic drive. 
Complications involving his home life, and disputes over his contracts, will keep his attorneys working overtime. He may even find himself testifying in court. 
He should make sure that all his commitments are clearly under­ stood, in black and white Other­ wise, mistakes will waste large sums of money. 
He should refuse all bets and avoid financial risks. 
A little prudence rn these m atters will en­ able him to move up to a higher plateau in his profession. 
Like a dream come true a long­ awaited opportunity will open up for him it will prepare him for beautiful and unexpected events in his future lx?t me bi* the first to offer Mick my congratulations 
BARBARA JORDAN, who up­ staged even Jimmy Carter with her dramatic speech at the Demo­ cratic convention last summer, is headed for power on Capitol Hill 
She will take an unpopular stand that will provoke considera­ ble opposition even from her fnends. 
But she will muddle through the criticism and keep nght on climbing the ladder of success 
Because of her busy life, she is likely to neglect her health This could cause serious problems re­ lating to her blood pressure, un­ less she pays as much attention to herself as she does to legislation. 
One lesson she* will learn this year will be invaluable to her later Persons associated with the 
White House, persons whom she 

 has helped in many ways, will dis­ appoint her. But when she lays the cards on the table, she will teach them to treat her with trust and respect. 
Controversial PROFESSOR S.I. 
HAYAKAWA, who took over the 
Senate seat of California’s John 
Tunney, will not settle down in 
Washington. He will remain a man on the move, jetting around the country to work with students and to involve them with govern­ ment. 
He will surround himself with young minds and ancient art, combining the best of all worlds 
Despite his popularity, he will always be a solitary individual, reluctant to give all his love or all his trust to a single person. 
Some great loss early in his life is the hidden cause of this charac­ teristic. It will keep him spiritual­ ly aloof from his political asso­ ciates even while he is socializing with them. 
He must guard against erro­ neous information given to him by an assistant 
It could lead him along an unpopular course late next year. 
Mike Douglas the diplomat 

For one of the finest gentlemen in show business. MIKE DOUG­ 
INAS. the skies will always be clear. He will take his popular 
.television show on the road, film­ ing from various locations around the country. 
Toward the middle of the year, he will have a fantastic streak of good luck. As Im* always does, he will share it with others In fact, his charitable and humanitarian activities will be his gifts to the world. 
His main problem this year will concern some stars on his pro- 

Mike Dought*: Streak ol lut k gram who will demand special treatment 
Bul no one handles people and superstars — or inst plain folks—like Mike Douglas does, believe me 
I hereby nominate him to suc­ ceed Henry Kissinger as Secre­ tary of State! 

One of the Democrats outstand­ ing new faces is Senator PAI I. 
SAR B AN ES of 
Maryland 
His 
Senate term will have a less than perfect beginning 
Some personal profierty loss, perhaps through robbery, will upset his plans 
A proud and determined person. he will resent having to toe* the line for those in authority But ii he learns to do that early in his 
Senate career, he will have great­ er success later on. 

Melody will be in again-but miniskirts will get the freeze 

THE American theater is entering a pe­ riod of decline. Tin* dramatic stage will regain its prestige and win back it* audi­ ences only if it returns to the classics 
Music, too, is bi‘ginning a new era, but this one is for the better Hard rock and acid rock music are on the way out They will be replaced with melody! 
A modernized version of tin* Waltz will be the dance craze of the future. 
Squaredancing will make a comeback, and famous rock stars will switch to re­ cording music for it 
In fashion. I foresee a return to basics. 
Over the next few years, women — and men as well, times being what they are 
— will turn away from extremes and Ik* more? elegant than daring, more tasteful than gaudy in their dress 
Dress designers have alre ady decided to bring back the* mini skirt but they are in for a surprise That daring dainty will never be as popular as it was a decade ago. This time around, most women will refuse to wear the mini Elegant materi­ als are on tile way back to fashion. 
Art collectors around the world will soon take a fancy to American bandi crafts. 
Rich connoisseurs will buy up the* con­ tents of attics to acquire* old quilts, home­ made toys, and simple* paintings 
Some lucky persons will become wealthy by selling the* hand made heir­ looms of their grandparents 
The drug bust ell the century will roe-k 
Hollywood Some famous names from the entertainment world will lie l>ooke‘d in po- liee registers This ne w Hollywood scan­ dal will produce some good It will make* the public realize the1 ravages of narco! ics and will lead to a much Howled clean up of the entire* movie* industry. 
„ , 
A crackdown on violence* in films and television will force* several le ading TV shows off the air 
New teaching methods will bring e*d- ucation to infants' Tiny t o ts will Ik- able to learn grade-school subje c ts Millions of parents will be startle*d to discover that their toddlers are* ready to tackle* the world of learning 
The dream of every child who has e*ve*r played hex>ke*y is about to corno true* 
School attendance in high se h.xd will Im* made optional in some* communities. 
Teachers ne*e*d not worry, however. 
This will not empty the* classrooms 
Strangely enough, it will fill the*m up again. 
Students will learn the* hard way that they ne*t*d education more than they ne‘e*d a vacation 
The calm I had predicted has now re­ turned to our college* campuses But they will be* threatened by dange r tar worse* than student demonstrators 
Many of them will go into bankruptcy. 
Their pupils will have to live* like schol­ ars of olden days, simply and poorly, de­ voting themselves to study 
These financial hard time*s will Ik* a blessing in disguise*' For the*y will make 
America's universities turn away from fads and pursue excellence 

MORE JEANE DIXON 
PREDICTIONS— PAGE 12 

THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 2, 1977 
PAGE 11 

THINGS lying in darkness will be brought to light , both good and evil things, some to help and some to harm Great underground rivers, lying beneath parched lands, will be tapped 

Their life-giving water will gush up to transform deserts into gar­ dens. 
A lost civilization lies under the frozen soil of Siberia When it is brought to light, the desolate wind-swept tundra will yield a rich harvest of treasure and art. fashioned ages ago by a people who have disappeared without trace. 
Archaeologists will stumble upon dram atic evidence concern­ ing primitive man The history of religion will have to be rewritten 

New discoveries in fields of health and science 

 from the ground up when we learn how intelligent and how thoughtful early humans really were. 
Living fossils will be found An­ cient plants, long thought extinct, will be located in out of the way places. When their seeds are col­ lected and propagated, they will become useful additions to our bo­ tanical world. 
^ The Loch Ness Monster will not 

 be found. Not yet. anyway. But in searching for the monster, scien­ tists will uncover other secrets of the deep which will make their years of searching worthwhile. 
More UFO sightings will re­ ward patient sky watchers. 
But these mysterious craft will later prove to be earth-based vehicles launched by a foreign power for aerial surveillance. 
The exploration of outer space 

 through unmanned aircraft will help us understand man s place in the cosmic design, 
Astronauts of the future will bring back to earth the greatest space treasure of all: a new faith in the Creator of the universe. 
The Concorde will fly to the Ori­ ent. That huge, hawk-nosed jet will soon land on the West Coast. to speed passengers across the 
Pacific. But it will not be wel­ comed in the Far East and will cause a political upheaval there as troublesome as its sonic boom. 
The medical elixir of the future is already here: milk The drink 
Rosalynn will win America’s heart 

ROSALYNN CARTER will bring the gracious living of the old 
South to Washington and will win the heart of America. 
At first, some people will look 

 down on ber and make jokes about her way of doing things, but their criticism will eventually turn to admiration. 
She will became ane af the mast 

 xuecessfnl first ladies since Dailey 
Madison! 
She will redo much of the White 

House to make it more simple and more open to visitors and tourists. Wherever she goes, she will invite people to visit her new home in Washington, and they will come, too! And when they do, 
Rosalynn will make them feel right at home. 
But she will not always be at 

 home to greet them. She will trav­ el abroad as an ambassador of goodwill for America. During her journeys, she will run into one or two nasty protests against her; but her charm and dignity will bring her through them with flying colors. 
Throughout all her duties, she 

 will need triple security mea­ sures. For, sad to say, this coun­ try will still not be a safe place for its leaders and for their fami­ lies. 

Her concern for her children 

 could cause her to neglect herself. 
Preventive medicine could save her from serious surgery later on. 
Within a year or so, she will de­ dicate a great library and learn­ ing center. For the rest of her life, she will be associated with it 

 se an advisor and patron. To this and to her other projects, she will devote most of her energies. In fact, she will be as active as Lady­ bird Johnson and Pat Nixon, two of oar busiest first ladles. 

Her major project will concern 

 handicapped and retarded chil­ dren. She will devote herself in a very professional way to their care and to research in the pre­ vention of birth defects. 

That is the cause dearest to my 

 heart. In fact, my Children to 
Children Foundation is devoted to the vital work of prenatal re­ search. And so, I am delighted to welcome our new First Lady to this humanitarian effort, to my home town of Washington, D.C., and to her exciting future. 
Rosalynn Carter: Aid for children. 

WHAT Will HAPPEN 
THE 
ECONOMY will remain stable throughout the New Year. 
There will be no boom, but no bust either 
Underneath the quiet surface, however, inflation is lurking like a dozing dragon 
Just when the public thinks it has been vanquished, it will stir to life and show its claws again. In a year or two, the price spiral will skyrocket 
On the brighter side, food prices will hold steady Food will remain the best bargain in the American marketplace. 
But food will also be an eco­ nomic weapon Nations that have large food reserves w ill be able to win wars without firing a shot. 
The harvests of American farm ­ ers will enable American diplo­ m ats to buy a more peaceful world through gifts of food 
A more complicated economic weapon will be investment capi­ tal: that is. large sums of money that finance building projects and industrial development 
World banking will become a pawn in international struggles. 
The flow of money from one na­ tion to another will bt' as piwerful a weapon as the oil embargo in the hands of O F K C 
The use of banking pressure, in­ stead of bombs, will help to pre­ vent arm ed conflicts in this dan­ gerous world 

AND FOOD NEXT YEAR 

Foreign investment in Ameri­ can companies will boom Over­ seas money-men will take (‘outrot of large parts of the U S. econo­ my. 
Their resources will keep some weak industries in business, but public resentment will make some of them pack up their bank accounts and go home 
When the foreign investors withdraw, thousands of jobs will go with them. Unemployed Amer­ icans will be the losers 
The number of jobless Ameri­ cans will remain at unusually high levels. There may even be job riots. 
The system of unemployment compensation will be so stained that it will have to be drastically changed. 
Wall Street will enjoy slow but solid growth, There is a modest future for investors wlio do not demand instant riches Prosperity 

 will be gradual: but some stocks, especially public utilities, will be shaky. 
The stock market will be strengthened, and the entire econ­ omy will be helped, when new 
G rograms are set up in banks to rip average customers to buy stocks. 
Even schoolchildren will parti­ cipate through their classroom stock classes. The ownership of 
American businesses will be broader than ever before. This will do wonders for tile economy. 

Temporary shortages of some m aterials will create a panic. 
Hoarding will reduce supplies of vital commodities. 
The government will try to ra­ tion them, even though there will bt* no real need to do so. As long as consumers stay calm during little shortages, they can avoid creating m ajor ones 
In some areas, consumers will 

 fight both inflation and shortages by replacing money with a barter system. 
Instead of paying for one anoth er’s services, they will exchange them so much food for so many gallons of gas, so much lumber for so much legal advice, and so forth 
This will hold expenses down, but it may create problems with the sales tax! 

Instead of credit cards and checks, an electronic machine will "read " a shopper's finger­ prints on the spot to establish her identity and verify her bank bal­ ance. This system will be abso­ lutely safe from forgery and theft 
Interest rates have fallen slight­ ly over the past year, and they will bounce back ‘like a rubber fall. They will reach new highs and make it impossible for mil­ lions of families to purchase flumes of their own. 

 of childhood will prove to be the cure for the ailments of aging. 
Milk therapy will take the place of many powerful drugs, without having their harmful side effects. 
Medical researchers in atomic- age laboratories will learn new healing methods from tribes liv­ ing in jungles and deserts. Their superstitious use of insects, mi­ neral and plants in magical heal­ ing ceremonies will teach our greatest scientists new cures for old illnesses. 
But some ancient illnesses will not be conquered 
Frightful plagues will again sweep the earth, wiping out millions in their deadly path. 
Illnesses of the mind will be treated with ESP and meditation. 
We will learn to communicate with seriously afflicted mental pa­ tients through extrasensory per­ ception In many cases, that will be the key to unlock their troubled minds. 
Nature will take a hand in the struggle for control of the Pana­ ma Canal. A great cataclysm will make it necessary to construct a new canal in Central America. 
When that is done, the U.S. will have no further use for the pre­ sent canal. 
Through ages past, some per­ sons have claimed they could sense when an earthquake was about to occur. At long last, mod­ em science will take their claim s seriously. 
Geologists will learn that some people are extraordinarily sensi­ tive to minute changes in the earth’s movement and in its m ag­ netic fields. 
By studying those individuals, we will learn how to "read the air” for warnings of volcanic up­ heaval and earth tremors 
In years to come, millions of lives will be saved by that knowledge. 
New ways of communication- with animals will be developed. 
Humans will learn to exchange in­ formation even with certain wild beasts, especially the great apes. 
That will give us a better under­ standing of their behavior, and that in turn will help us to appre­ ciate and to cherish all living things. 

Some wild creatures, long on the point of extinction, will make a comeback Herds of bison will roam this land, not only on the western prairies but also on the 
East Coast. 

Wild panthers and lynx and fox­ es will return to their abandoned homes near civilization Beavers will build their dams in city parks, and otters will play along­ side bustling city wharves Mink and marten will reclaim their ter­ ritory. Possum and raccoon will move to the city. 

With true concern and less sav­ agery from man himself, the ani­ mal kingdom will recover from m an s wanton ravages and. thereby, be restored to normalcy for all to love and enjoy. 
And we all — man and moose and muskrat — will be richer for it. 
NEXT WEEK IN THE STAR: 
JEANE DIXON’S PREDICTIONS FOR THE KENNEDYS, 
CARTER’S KEY MEN-AND THE WORLD AT LARGE 

THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR-—lonuory 
2, 1977 

Star HOROSCOPE 1977 tar si 

 rt Wagner and Natalie ey fried to plan by the 

 m l?M and Courtney, two. 
^ being the Virgo a Pistes. 

I have great talent the top. They are 
( good friends and 

I qu at school. Girls do rhythmic, boys at 

 nd of sports, and 

 and Capricorn. 

Strong characters 
Ute iud ambition. They boss* s and do well ac- 
* A te to charm other it the want but can be 
¥ Jat fen to have around ill of fun They have an e, arn t tend to gravitate 
‘at ar d tin* unusual, w ittptfei rius and Aries. 

 mber 23. Level- respond to persua- re industrious and at school and 

 remely charming t what he wants. 
Ie may cause you ill make an enor- he is far worse 

 id be friends, bul refully. More than able of deep and 

 and Scorpio. 

 tuber 23: Friendly, 
|ldrcrv but can be child because of an will do well so- ly He’ll have lots ed rather easily. 

The Libran child might be rather frail physi­ cally but he will never let this worry him and will recover from any illness quickly through sheer determination. 
Above all, they have an irrepressible sense of humor and can see the amusing side of almost anything. 
They have little or no desire for material things and will share their toys, candy, friend­ ships and thoughts without hesitation. 
Compatible people: Gemini and Pisces. 

SCORPIO: October 2 4 -November 22: A de termined child, tenacious and brave and very frank. He will often be naughty but he will rarely deceive you about it. He’s a good friend but he will have enemies and he'll never give in to them. So be prepared for occasional trou­ ble at school. 
Scorpio children have vivid imaginations, which should be steered in the right direction, encouraged rather than crushed. 
But don’t expect your child to display either patience or perseverance. Scorpio children are short on patience and are unable to persevere for long at anything. 
Compatible people: Virgo and Aquarius. 

SAGITTARIUS: 
November 
23—December 

 quick thinking, they but may drop a subject even when they are doing well because they have lost interest. Of­ ten exceptionally talented in some way. 
These children enjoy company, hate to be misunderstood. 
They are traditionally the champions of the underdog and will protect younger cliildren through thick and thin. 
They art very practical youngsters and more than anything, they like to be with and to imi­ tate their parents. Boys like helping Dad to make things. Girls enjoy nothing so much as helping Mom about the house. 
Compatible people: Aries and Leo. 

CAPRICORN: December 2 2“January IS; 
The Capricorn child will be determined and courageous 
He will be ambitious too, and won t De easily diverted when he has his mind firmly fixed on something. He's likely to do well at school and in his career and should show natural leadership qualities. 
If the Capricorn child is the first bom he will be a good older brother or sister to the re st- dependable and ready with help and advice. 
He ll also be protective. 
They are, on the whole, rallier shy children. 
They are affectionate children—but disliking outward displays of affection. 
Compatible people: Taurus and Cancer. 

AQUARIUS: January 2ft— February 
18: A sunny child; good company, full of fun and very much an individual He’s likely to be artis­ tic and eloquent. Can be naughty and mischie­ vous but his nature is such that he will soon be forgiven. The Aquarian will work hard if neces­ sary and can be single-minded. 
Because they are so imaginative and artisti­ cally gifted, such children are also tempera­ mental: happy when things are going well for them, moody and sullen when they are not 
They need firm, but always affectionate, han tiling. 
Compatible people: Scorpio and Gemini. 
PISCES: February 19-March 2o: Highly sen sitive and emotional children, bul very reward ing They have great charm and are intuitive but tliey can be changeable and easily influ­ enced by others. Easily misunderstood by stronger brothers and sisters who could bully the Pisces child. 
They are often artistic and have quick minds and a love of beauty and nature. 
At school, they do well at anything creative or imaginative. Praise and encourage them— the more they are praised, the better they do 
Compatible people: Libra and Cancer. 

LIBRA 

Sept. 24 * Oct. 23 
July — 
Free-hearted 
Libras usually want to be supported, self employed or have a fling as a temporary worker — anything rather than hit the nine-to-five routine. This fly-away tendency is dangerous to your career on July 
I, 3, 7. 8, 9, 14, 15, 19 and 3o Best days to look for career advance­ ment are July 6, 17, 22, and 24 
Many Librans will be very irrita­ ble especially Brigitte Bardot who is accident or illness prone on Ju­ ly 3o or 31. 
August — A Libran tendency to put a price tag on your atten­ tion is compelling Give to friends and lovers this month without strings. You are a good host or hostess so win problem people over by having them over for din­ ner. Saturn is in your house of friendships so it will bring older, wealthy people into your social orbit that will help you attain your goals. However, some friend may disappoint you and fall by the wayside. You may have out­ grown that person or find no rap­ port with them any more. You may find that your ideals, aspira­ tions and objectives in life are changing and you tend to become more practical and serious. You may have to join with others and be less of a star on your own. Au- 

 friendships and finances on No­ vember 4, 9, 15 and 22 when you have an un-Libra-like cutting tongue. You really do enjoy people and hate yourself when you’re spiteful ana cause quarrels with friends 
Best days for making money in unexpected ways are 
November 8, 9 and 14. 
December — Get your cards and shopping done early as Mer­ cury turns retrograde on Decem­ ber 12 causing delays and frustra­ tions. 
This is a busy month for relatives and friends. Mail and phone calls increase. Busy and productive days are December I, 
3. 5, 6, 7, 8, 13. 21. 24, 25 and 27 
You can irritate siblings or rela­ tives on December 4, 7, 18, 19, 2o, 
22 and 28 Brigitte Bardot is back in the news in an unfavorable way. 

• Lucky color Violet; Lucky stone Opal; Lucky day Friday; 
Lucky number 6; Lucky flower 
Pansy. 
SCORPIO 

 libra subjects: 
Singer 
Lynn 
Anderson and Truman Capote. 

 gust 3, 4, 5, 6, 8. and 13 are diffi­ cult days with friends. August 9, 
17, 18. 19, 2o, 23 and 31 are good days for entertaining or reaching your goals. Marcello Mastroiam will be involved in a very stormy relationship from August IO thru 
September. 

September — Don’t hesitate to give comfort to those hospital­ ized or otherwise confined This is a good time to reassess your per­ sonality to see what you are doing wrong. Get rid of those childish hangups that could interfere with career plans or m ar your reputa­ tion Best days are September 8. 
9. 12. 14, 15, 16, 2o, 24 , 25, 26 and 
3o Down days are September I. 4, 
5, 18, 23, 27, 28 and 29. 
October — Adore me but don’t possess me you say with Mars and Jupiter making bad aspects this month. Mercury enters your sign on October 4 which makes iou more persuasive. Your ruler, 
Venus enters on October 17 which makes you attract more attention. 
Your social life is great. Party time on October IO, ll, 12, 18 and 
25 Also, good days to ask for a raise or promotion On October 3, 
7, 19, 2o, 21 and 28 look and listen before making any rash state­ ments. Dr Joyce Brothers will be appearing on more and more TV shows 

 crets and behind the curtain in­ trigue and may be caught up in a clandestine flirtation. Your intui­ tion is sharp and hunches uncanny especially on October IO. 12, 18, 25 and 28 The latter day is filled with surpr ises Conc ern for a hos pitalized friend may dampen your plans on Octolier 3, 19 and 28. In ner pressures could precipitate an accident or illness on October 2o. 
Billy Jean King and Mario Thom as are a bit accident prone this month 

Oct. 24 - Nov. 22 

July — Vacation time, but your mate may want to go in another direction This is a good time to broaden your horizons, either through travel or study. It is a g 

 ood time for legal m atters or eating with those at a distance, especially on July 6, 15, 16, 17, 18, 
22, 23, 24, but 3o is a mixed day. 
Some surprising events with those in authority. Dreams can produce real inspirations Travel or other plans may be snarled on July I, 3, 
9. IO, 14, and 19 Richard Burton will be drinking heavier and his marriage may be rocky. 

August — Your attention turns to your career and some boosts are in order. Press for advance­ ment on August 3, 4, 5, 9, 17, 2o, 
21, 23 and 31. Your boss or par­ ent may be in a funk on August 6, 
7, 8, and 13. There may be some temporary blocks in your career goals but effects will not last — you bounce back, smiling Prin­ cess Grace Rainier will be having problems with her family and ten­ sion mounts for her. 

November — Uranus contin ues to bring dramatic and frau matic shifts in your life direction. 
You may change addresses, break up a partnership and begin anoth I er or Rh*I impelled to expandflg work interests Your energy will be projected outward in a most compelling manner on November 
IO, ll and 14 You’re full of spunk and self importance hut don’t let this get out of hand on November 
9, 15, 2o and 22 Avoid hassles over trifles 
Your whole zodiac picture is hyped up now, Marin 
Thomas may get some disappoint­ ment with the men i i i her life. 

December — You may have finance expanding and ego lifting experiences this month. You're lucky now so go to I .as Vegas, bet on the football games, splurge at a racetrack or take a chance on a small investment venture on 
December I, 3, 8. 13, 21, 25 and 27. 
Don’t go overboard with credit cards and skip would be bargaias on December 4 , 7, 16, 2o, 22 and 
28 Don’t spend that extra money on your home. Some of it should go toward making you happy. 

• Lucky color Black; Lucky stone Topaz; Lucky day Tuesday; 
Lucky number 8; Lucky flower 
Carnation. 

SAGITTARIUS 

Scorpio subjects: Husband and wile Roy Rogers, Dale Evans 

September — seek support from friends now Add a friend to your circle 
This can be a 1 glamorous social time although j there is some emotional tension with some contrary individuals on 
September 3, 4, 5, 18, 23 and ex travagance can make a bad im­ pression on the 28th. Snappy invi­ tations should be accepted on 
September 8, 9, 12, 16, 17, 18, 2o, 
24 , 26 and 3o You may be a bit down-hearted or disappointed in a friend on the1 18th. 

Nov. 23 • Dec. 21 

July — Don’t make financial problems that are hard Jo keep on July I. 3. 12, 13, 14, 19 and 3o 
Be cautious with cash 
Loans made at this time could end in disaster. 
Good financial luck hinges on the cooperation of part­ ner or mate on July 6, 15, 17, 22, 
24, 26, 27 Chris Evert’s career is going well, but her love life fal­ ters 
Dina Merrill may riot bi* feeling well and could Im* hospital ized u n ( idl ers psychic powers will not help him with a certain lady in his life at the end of the month 

August — You will become more philosophical and get in­ volved in serious study with an or­ ganized group There is success in al affairs if vhj seek the most 
‘gal all fully competent and qualified counsel 
Use patience with your in laws and your kindness will be repaid at a later date. Bread cast upon the waters alw ays returns doublefold to you 
Let the win­ dows of your mind open to let in im?w ideas and wisdom Good days are August 3, 4 , 5. 9. 17 , 2o, 22 , 23, 

Continued on next page 
November — F inances are 
October— Look inward to ful- highlighted now. 
Don t mix fill your potential. You adore sc- 

Star HOROSCOPE 1977 

From preceding page 

 sions. Don’t make rash decisions i on Sept. 4, 5, 18, 23, and 26. 

October — Another one of those challenging months when you feel rejection over a busy sig­ nal on the phone. Your domestic affairs of utmost importance and family members may be acting up. October 19 and 2o are days that you should not fly into a rage. October 28 is another tricky day. Use caution with finances 
Bill Cosby will also have to watch his temper with his family. 
November — 
Uranus may bring some unexpected expenses because of a child or loved one 
Those bom July 2 to 9 may be moving if they have not already done so this year. Cancers hate to make changes, but these may be forced on you in some way. Best days for romance and happiness are November I, 2, and 14. You can expect some hostilities on No­ vember 4, 9, 15, 2o and 22. Avoid hassles over money 
December — The month is filled with last-minute chores and details so you can have one of the nicest holidays you’ve had in years. Good days to get these im­ portant things done are December 
I, 3, 8, 13, 24 and 27. Don’t shop on December 4; 7, 16, 2o and 22 
You will either go overboard in spending or won t like your pur­ chases after you get them home. 
Ann Landers should watch her health during the holiday season. 

• Lucky color White or Silver; 
Lucky stone Ruby; Lucky day 
Monday; Lucky number 2; Lucky flower Water lily. 

Don’t remain faithful to those things better given up... 

 things done in the financial area 
Leos are known to be self-cen­ tered and love attention and with 
Venus in your sign until Septem­ ber 23, your wish for flattery and attention becomes insatiable. Get all the pampering you can get, go to parties, but consider the ego of your loved ones, too Loved ones turn off on September 18 and some responsibility makes you cancel your plans. 
October — The tempo of your life accelerates. You'a yearn to live in a summer season all year 

LEO 

July 23 * Aug 22 

J u ly - 
More than any other sign, Leo inspires envy. You are dangerously lacking in suspicion 
Therefore, your secret enemies can gain advantage over you be­ fore you become aware of it. It s a good time to look back over the first half of the year and see what you can do to change your life for the better. Do not devote yourself to an unworthy cause or remain faithful to things or persons that are better given up Best days for making these decisions are July 6. 
15, 17. 18, 22, 24 Tile 3oth is a tricky day. You will go to a spar­ kling social affair. Some unex­ pected events may transpire there, setting you on edge. 
Jacqueline Onassis and Valerie 
Harper will be making some pain­ ful separations in July. 

A u gu st — This is a wide op­ portunity month and only your natural laziness could cause a flub up, especially on August 13, the most frustrating day of the year. Other days to expect rever­ sals are 6, 8 and 9 Best days for vacation or plans going more smoothly are 3, 4, 5, 9, 17, 2o, 23 and 31 Mae West will be making headlines again. 
September— This is the time to reflect on your resources and entire value system September 8, 
9 and IO are good duys to get 

 l^o subjects: Tony Bennett and actress Valerie Harper. so will appreciate the early days of autumn for weekends in the country, shopping and taking moj-e interest in your immediate environment. October 7, 8, 9 and 
IO are particularly nice days for pleasant outings Use caution with relatives and neighbors on Octo­ ber 3, 19, 2o and 21. Keep angry thoughts to yourself. 
November — ah kinds of strange things are happening in the home area. Those born August 
4, 5 and 6 are particularly upset on November 4 and 9 Saturn will leave your sign on November 16 for a short respite but returns again next year to plague the 
Leos bom from August 16 to 23 
Family members act up on Nov. 
15, 2o and 22 November 14 is the best time to spruce up your home or patch up quarrels Carroll O’­ 
Connor may be having some prob­ lems with his wife or daughter this month. 
December — This is one of your happiest months. You are normally so optimistic that you do bounce back from disasters that would knock other people out 
Your emotional involvements improve and December I, 2 and 3 are good days for whatever makes you happy. December 4, 7, 
14, 15, 16 are not the best days to shop or expect much from your loved ones December 8, 13, 16, 21, 
24, 25 and 27 are much happier days. Your year ends on an up swing. 
• tricky color Gold or Orange; 
Lucky stone Sardonyx. Lucky day 
Sunday; Lucky number I; Lucky flower Poppy. 

 annoying details. Best days are 
July 6, 15, 16, 2o, 21 and 22. Pre­ pare for secrets coming out into the open on July 3o. 
August — Inner pressures could precipitate an accident or illness or you may be visiting someone who is confined or just emerging from the hospital. Your intuition is sharpened now by all psychic helpers, so pay attention to what your tarot cards, Ouija board or dreams tell you now. 
Low days are August I, 2, 3, 6, and the 13th is the worst day of all Better days are 4, 9, 15, 16, 17, 
2o, 23 and 31. Sophia Loren may be concerned about her mother’s health. 
September — Vacation and other plans vacillate as your ruler 
Mercury is flipping back and forth until September 15. After that it becomes a hyperactive month and you will become more concerned with personal matters. 
You can project yourself success­ fully on September 8, 9. 12, 13, 16, 
2o, 24, 25, 26 and 3o. Watch out for nerves on September 4 or you’ll shrew yourself right out of a beautiful love arrangement. Other difficult days are 5, 18, 23 and 28. 
October — Venus in your sign until October 18 brings a new magic in your personality. You will attract more attention. Ac­ cept all invitations. You are more positively oriented. Your material resources give you pleasure on 
Oct. 18 ana 21. Be cautious with 

VIRGO 

Aug 23 • Sept. 23 
July — Your social life and group activity is accentuated now. 
Your friendships should go well as long as you don’t rattle off, perpe­ tuate unimportant conversations, 
I indulge in endless repetitions and 

Virgo subjects: Actor Bee Gaz- zara and Joan Kennedy. 

 fraudulent offers on Oct. 3, 7. 12 that makes you angry on the 19th. 
Best days Oct. 9, IO and ll. Althea 
Gibson may be winning a nice cash prize • 
November — Venus brings more vigorous intellectual ex­ changes with friends — letters, phone calls and weekend jaunts. 
Ixx)k for bargains at sales or an unexpected check in the mail 
Don’t be surprised to find yourself in a course in business real estate or even stock brokerage. You have a red-hot urge to move ahead. 
Get into an executive training program if you can. Best days for this is November 5, 6. 7. and 14 Difficult days are Novem­ ber 4, 9, 15, 19 and 2o, 
December — There may be confusion in the home area, and concern for parents or family members. The home scene is shaky and there may be a need for repairs —• perhaps plumbing or other leaks. Be careful that you don’t get swindled when making any repairs. Those born from 
Sept 4 - 9 are more likely to be the victim You may feel tempo­ rarily paralyzed and you won’t have your usual energy. Difficult days are December 3, 4, 7, 16 and 
28. Don’t let these days get in the way of your Christmas celebra­ tions. Iaxjsen up, relax and be happy with all those people who really care. Relationships are bet ter on December I, 8, 13, 24, 25. and 27. Robert Blake is in a state of confusion. 
• Lucky color Green; Lucky stone 
Sapphire; 
Lucky day 
Wednesday; 
Lucky number 5; 
Lucky flower Morning Glory. 
• MORE FORECASTS 
ON FACING PAGE 

Planning a family with the right star signs 

THE CENTURIES-OLD practice of plan­ ning a family with the help of astrology has been updated for the 7os. 
The custom that began with the Babylonians back in 2oo B.C. is now being used by many ce­ lebrities to plan their own happy families. Mov­ ie stars Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood ad­ mitted planning for a Virgo child because this is a sign compatible to both of them—he is 
Aquarius while she is Cancer. 
They missed by only a few days. Their first child, Natasha, was bom on September 29, making her a Libra. 
According to THE STAR’S panel of astrolo­ gists, a child’s personality is determined by the zodiac-sign which was dominant at the time of birth. Those bom under the star-sign of Leo make natural leaders. But if your first child is a K<eo he might be bossy 
A Sagittarian first child will be protective to­ wards younger brothers and sisters—but he could also lead them into mischief. The ideal first child, they believe, is probably a practical 
Capricorn or a lively Arian. 
Family planning according to the stars can be used by any young couple with the aid of the following chart prepared by THE STAR S astr ologists: 

ARIES: March 21—April 19: Lively and un­ conventional children, not easy to discipline. 
Tile Aries child has many good qualities though 
—courage, an exciting personality and he is a natural leader. 
Arians can be restless and impatient but they rarely lose hope or become too despondent. 
They can be a source of encouragement and help to other children. They often do well in life. 
They are exceptionally honest and straight forward, and they find it hard to understand that everyone else is not the same. Because of this, their feelings are often hurt by small friends at school, by their marriage partners in later life. 
Compatible people: Leo and Sagittarius. 

TAURUS: April 2o—May 2o: These are gen­ erous children but they can be stubborn and difficult. Mostly they are warm-natured and helpful. They usually have no difficulty in mak­ ing friends. A Taurus child will not easily for­ give or forget an undeserved punishment, so be careful 
May be jealous of a new brother or sister at first, but his natural wish to get on with others will soon solve the problem Taurus children are more venturesome than most, and love to explore and experiment. But parents should watch out that they don’t over reach them­ selves. 
At school, do not expect them to do well in lings like math. Although hi ' ' they dislike using their brains. things like math. Although highly intelligent they dislike using their brains But they enjoy using their hands and are good at handicrafts 
Compatible people: Capricorn and Virgo. 
GEMINI: May 21—June 21: Unpredictable children who rarely stay in the same mood for long They are vivacious and gregarious most­ ly. but can suddenly become depressed and unapproachable. 
They are sharing and generous and good brothers or sisters. Geminis lack concentration so school work might cause some problems on occasions but they are often very intelligent and talented. 
They like company and make friends easily 
Thev have a natural aptitude for almost any kind of sport and are usually good at hand! crafts 
They have oodles of self-confidence and en joy being the center of attraction, as they usually are 
Compatible people: Aquarius and Libra. 
CANCER: June ZZ—July 22: Emotional and sensitive children with complex personalities 
They are easily hurt and will react strongly to what they consider unfair punishment. 
They can achieve a great deal, though, with 

Astrology followers Robert Wagner and Natalie 
Wood with the family they tried to plan by the stars, daughters Natasha, six. and Courtney , two. 
Natasha (Libra! just missed being the Virgo they planned. Courtney is a Pisces. 

 correct handling and often have great talent and the motivation to get to the top. They are considerate to others—make good friends and confidants. 
They have inquiring minds and learn quickly. 
Because of this,* they do well at school. Girls do well at anything musical or rhythmic, boys at' anything mechanical 
Both boys and girls are fond of sports, and both are devoted to animals. 
Compatible people Pisces and Capricorn. 

LEO: July 23— August 22: Strong characters with a great deal of pride and ambition. They are natural leaders and bosses and do well ac­ ademically. They will be able to charm other children into doing what they want but can be too bossy, l>eo children are great fun to have around when they are small—full of fun They have an intense dislike of routine, and tend to gravitate more towards the offbeat and the unusual 
Compatible people Sagittarius and Aries. 

VIRGO. August 2.3--September 23. Level­ headed children who usually respond to persua­ sion and good sense They are industrious and intelligent and often popular at school and 
.adulthood. 
A Virgo child can be extremely charming when he tries—usually to get what he wants. 
He nearly always succeeds. He may cause you problems when he’s ill—he will make an enor­ mous fuss and convince you he is far worse than he is 
They never lack for would-be friends, but they pick their real friends carefully More than most, the Virgo child is capable of deep and sustained relationships 
Compatible people Taurus and Scorpio. 

LIBRA: Septem ber 24—October 23: Friendly, sensitive and perceptive children—birt can be changeable Always a popular child because of his personal charm, the Libran will do well so­ cially as well as academically, He TI have lots of interests but get bored rather easily. 

The Libran child might be rather frail physi­ cally but he will never let this worry him and will recover from any illness quickly through sheer determination. 
Above all, they have an irrepressible sense of humor and can see the amusing side of almost anything. 
They have little or no desire for material things and will share their toys, candy, friend­ ships and thoughts without hesitation. 
Compatible people: Gemini and Pisces. 

SCORPIO: October 24—November 22: A de­ termined child, tenacious and brave and very frank. He will often be naughty but he wiil rarely deceive you about it. He’s a good friend but he will have enemies and he ll never give in to them. So be prepared for occasional trou­ ble at school. 
Scorpio children have vivid imaginations, which should be steered in the right direction, encouraged rather than crushed. 
But don’t expect your child to display either patience or perseverance. Scorpio children are short on patience and are unable to persevere for long at anything. 
Compatible people: Virgo and Aquarius. 

SAGITTARIUS: 
November 
23— December 
21: Enterprising and adventurous children who find it difficult to settle completely. Intelligent and quick thinking, they will do well at school but may drop a subject even when they are doing well because they have lost interest. Of ten exceptionally talented in some way. 
These children enjoy company, hate to be misunderstood. 
They are traditionally the champions of the underdog and will protect younger children through thick and thin. 
They are very practical youngsters and more than anything, they like to be with and to imi­ tate their parents. Boys like helping Dad to make things. Girls enjoy nothing so much as helping Mom about the house. 
Compatible people: Aries and Leo. 

CAPRICORN: December 2 2-January 19: 
The Capricorn child will be determined and courageous. He will be ambitious too, and won't De easily diverted when he has his mind firmly fixed on something. He’s likely to do well at school and in his career and should show natural leadership qualities. 
If the Capricorn child is the first bom he will be a good older brother or sister to the restr- dependable and ready with help and advice. 
He ll also be protective. 
They are, on the whole, rather shy children. 
They are affectionate children—but disliking outward displays of affection. 
Compatible people: Taurus and Cancer. 

AQUARIUS: January 2o—February 18: A sunny child; good company, full of fun and very much an individual He’s likely to be artis­ tic and eloquent. Can be naughty and mischie­ vous but his nature is such that ne will soon be forgiven. The Aquarian will work hard if neces­ sary and can be single-minded. 
Because they are so imaginative and artisti­ cally gifted, such children are also tempera­ mental: happy when things are going well for them, moody and sullen when they are not 
They need firm, but always affectionate, hail tiling. 
Compatible people: Scorpio and Gemini. 
PISCES: February 19—March 2o: Highly sen­ sitive and emotional children, but very reward­ ing. They have great charm and are intuitive but they can be changeable and easily influ­ enced by others. Easily misunderstood by stronger brothers and sisters who could bully the Pisces child 
They are often artistic and have quick minds and a love of beauty and nature. 
At school, they do well at anything creative or imaginative. Praise and encourage them— the more they are praised, the better they do 
Compatible people. Libra and Cancer 

Star HOROSCOPE 1977 
LIBRA 

Sept. 24 - Oct. 23 
July — 
Free-hearted 
Libras usually want to be supported, self­ employed or have a fling as a temporary worker — anything rather than hit the nine-to-five routine. This fly-away tendency is dangerous to your career on July 
I. 3, 7, 8, 9, 14, 15, 19 and 3o. Best days to look for career advance­ ment are July 6, 17, 22, and 24 
Many Librans will be very irrita­ ble especially Brigitte Bardot who is accident or illness prone on Ju­ ly 3o or 31. 
August — A Libran tendency to put a price tag on your atten­ tion is compelling. Give to friends and lovers this month without strings. You are a good host or 

 friendships and finances on No­ vember 4, 9, 15 and 22 when you have an un-Libra-like cutting tongue. You really do enjoy people and hate yourself when you’re spiteful ana cause quarrels with friends 
Best days for making money in unexpected ways are 
November 8, 9 and 14. 
December — Get your cards and shopping done early as Mer­ cury turns retrograde on Decem­ ber 12 causing delays and frustra tions. 
This is a busy month for relatives and friends. Mail and phone calls increase. Busy and productive days are December I, 
3, 5. 6, 7 , 8, 13, 21, 24 , 25 and 27 
You can irritate siblings or rela­ tives on December 4, 7, 18, 19, 2o. 
22 ami 28 Brigitte Bardot is back in the news in an unfavorable way. 

• Lucky color Violet; Lucky stone Opal; Lucky day Friday; 
Lucky number 6; Lucky flower 
Pansy. 

 crets and behind the curtain in­ trigue and may bt' caught up in a clandestine flirtation. Your intui tion is sharp and hunches uncanny especially on October IO, 12, 18, 25 and 28 The latter day is filled with surprises Concern for a hos­ pitalized friend may dampen your plans on October 3, 19 and 28. In lier pressures could precipitate an accident or illness on October 2o 
Billy Jean h mg and Marin Thom­ as are a bit accident prone this month 

SCORPIO 

 hostess so win problem people over by having them over for din­ ner. Saturn is in your house of friendships so it will bring older, wealthy people into your social orbit that will help you attain your goals. However, some friend may disappoint you and fall by the wayside. You may have out­ grown that person or find no rap­ port with them any more. You may find that your ideals, aspira­ tions and objectives in life are changing and you tend to become more practical and serious. You may have to join with others and be less of a star on your own. Au- 

IJbra subjects: 
Singer 
Lynn 
Anderson and Truman Capote. 

 gust 3. 4, 5, 6, 8, and 13 are diffi­ cult days with friends. August 9, 
17, 18, 19, 2o, 23 and 31 are good days for entertaining or reaching your goals. Marcello Mastroiam will be involved in a very stormy relationship from August IO thru 
September. 

September — Don’t hesitate to give comfort to those hospital­ ized or otherwise confined Tnis is a good time to reassess your per­ sonality to see what you are doing wrong. Get rid of those childish hangups that could interfere with career plans or mar your reputa­ tion Best days are September 8, 
9. 12, 14. 15, 16, 2o , 24 , 25 . 26 and 
3o Down days are September I, 4, 
5, 18, 23, 27 , 28 and 29. 
October — Adore me but don’t possess me you say with Mars and Jupiter making bad aspects this month. Mercury enters your sign on October 4 which makes you more persuasive. Your ruler, 
Venus enters on October 17 which makes you attract more attention. 
Your social life is great. Party time on October IO, ll, 12, 18 and 
25 Also, good days to ask for a raise or promotion On October 3, 
7, 19, 2o, 21 and 28 look and listen before making any rash state­ ments. Dr Joyce Brothers will be appearing on more and more TV shows 

Oct. 24 • Nov. 22 

July — Vacation time, but your mate may want to go in another direction This is a good time to broaden your horizons, either through travel or study. It is a good time for legal matters or dealing with those at a distance, especially on July 6, 15, 16, 17, 18, 
22, 23, 24, but 3o is a mixed day. 
Some surprising events with those in authority. Dreams can produce real inspirations. Travel or other plans may be snarled on July I, 3, 
9. IO, 14, and 19 Richard Burton will be drinking heavier and his marriage may be rocky. 

August — Your attention turns to your career and some boosts are in order. Press for advance­ ment on August 3, 4, 5, 9, 17, 2o, 
21, 23 and 31. Your boss or par­ ent may be in a funk on August 6, 
7, 8, and 13 There may be some temporary blocks in your career goals but effects will not last — you bounce back, smiling Prin­ cess Grace Rainier will be having problems with her family and ten­ sion mounts for her. 

November — Uranus contin ues to bring dramatic and trail matic shifts in your life direction. 
You may change addresses, break up a partnership and begin anoth er or feel impelled to expandl {*> work interests Your energy will!-* be projected outward in a most* compelling manner on November 
IO, ll and 14 You’re full of spunk and self importance but don’t let this get out of hand on November 
9. 15, 2o and 22 Avoid hassles over trifles. Your whole zodiac picture is hyped up now. Mario 
Thomas may get some disappoint­ ment with the men in her life. 

D e c e m b e r — You may have finance expanding and ego lifting experiences this month 
You’re lucky now so go to Las Vegas, bet on the football games, splurge at a racetrack or take a chance on a small investment venture on 
December I, 3, 8, 13, 21, 25 and 27. 
Don’t go overboard with credit cards and skip would be bargains on December 4, 7, 16. 2o, 22 ami 
28. Don’t spend that extra money on your h*>me. Some of it should go toward making you happy. 

• Lucky color Black; Lucky stone Topaz; Lucky day Tuesday; 
Lucky number 8, Lucky flower 
Carnation. 

SAGITTARIUS 

Scorpio subjects: Husband and wile Roy Rogers, Dale Evans 

September — Seek support from friends now Add a friend to your circle. This can be a glamorous social time although there is some emotional tension with some contrary individuals on 
September 3, 4, 5, 18. 23 and ex travagance can make a bad im­ pression on the 28th. Snappy invi­ tations should be accepted on 
September 8, 9, 12, 16, 17, 18, 2o, 
24 , 26 and 3o You may be a bit down hearted or disappointed in a friend on the 18th, 

Nov. 23 • Dec 21 

July — Don’t make financial problems that are hard Jo keep on July I, 3. 12, 13, 14, 19 and 3o 
Be cautious with cash 
Loans made at this time could end in disaster. 
Good financial luck hinges on the cooperation of part­ ner or mate on July 6, 15, 17, 22, 
24 , 26 , 27 Chris Evert’* career is going well, hut her love life fal­ ters 
Dina Merrill may not tx* feeling well and could tx- hospital­ ized Un Getter a psychic powers will not help him with a certain lady in his lift at the end of the month 
August — You will become more philosophical and get in­ volved in serious study with an or- 

November — Finances are 
October — Look inward to ful- highlighted now. 
Don’t mix fill your potential. You adore se- 

 ganized group There is success in legal affairs if jou seek the most fully competent arid qualified counsel Use patience with your in laws and your kindness will tx* repaid at a later date. Bread cast upon the waters always returns doublefold to you. Let the win­ dows of your mind open lo let in new ideas and wisdom Good days are August 3, 4. 5, 9, 17 , 2o, 22, 23, 

Continued on next page 

From preceding page 
24 and 31. Some travel plans may have to be postponed due to unex­ pected circumstances. August 13 is a day of delays and frustra­ tions. Other difficult days are Au­ gust 6, 8, 9, IO, and 13. Johnny 
Bench of the Cincinnati Beds will be having problems with manage­ ment at the end of August. 
September — Don’t try to bluff your way to success. A little hard work is necessary now. 
Avoid problems wnh those in au­ thority on September 4, 5, 18, 23 and 28. Singleness of purpose can bring success on September 8, 9, 
12, 16, 2o, 24, 25 aud 3o. Finish ev- 

Sagittarius subjects: David Car- radine aud Diane I-add. 

 erything you start on these days. 
Lav UUman will be having roman­ tic upsets and separations. 
October — You love the out­ doors and you and your friends should take advantage of these nice days on October IO, 16, 17, 18, and 25. Pleasant outings with loved ones are agreeable. Your tendency to fly too high can make your friends angry or jealous on 
October 2, 3, 12, 19, 2o and 28 
John Denver sould be careful of accidents on October 23 AU Sani­ tarians must be careful of going overboard on the 21st. 
November — Your e sp is high and you get psychic insight into you and your mate on No­ vember 12, 13 and 14 Expect the reappearance of an old love. What happens now seems to be out of your hands. 
Many unexpected things happen on November 4 and 
2o. Disappointments on 9, 15 and 
22 Jane Fonda is back in the news with troubles with authority symbols. Redd Foxx is having problems with his ex-wife and the new lady in his life. 
December — 
Those born from December 5 - 9 have myste­ rious Neptune in your sign cloud­ ing your vision. You may ignore threats to important relationships thinking everything is lovely when it is really not 
You lose your keys, your checkbook and maybe you think you re losing your mind. 
Be calm, don't depend on drug aids — even tranquilizers are bad for you now Romance is the best tranquilizer of all and it will be coming on strong Dec I, 3, 8, 
IO, ll, 13. 21. 24 and 27 Use cau­ tion on December 4, 7, 16, 2o, 23 and 28. You are generous with 
Christmas presents, but don’t go overboard if shopping on those days. A happy, healthy 1978. 
• Lucky color Purple; 1-ucky stone 
Turquoise; 
Lucky day 
Thursday; lanky number 
3; 
Lucky flower Narcissus. 
CAPRICORN 

 ymg coil s to aet 

 tension with close relationships. 
You must learn to compromise and not air your grievances on Ju­ ly I, 3, 14, 15, 16. 19 and IO Better days to benefit from partners and become more aware of their needs is July 2, 6, 15, 17., 22 and 
24. Faye Dunaway is among the many Capricorns who will be feel­ ing this tension in her relation­ ships. Jacinto Vasques, the jockey. will be winning many races 
August — The planets are cau­ tioning you against being overbur­ dened with charge accounts or credit card spending. Due to im­ prudent expansiveness with fi­ nances you could reap anxieties and worries. Beware of clandes­ tine love affairs as they can back­ fire on you. Difficult days are Au­ gust 6, 8, IO, ll, 12 and 13. Your interest in ESP or the occult strengthens. Meet your financial obligations quickly and do not al­ low people to drain your energy or pocketbook. Pleasant days for financial and other dealings are 
August 3, 4, 9, 17, 2o. 23, 24. 25, 26 and 31. 
September — You broaden your horizons by esther traveling or going back to school. You feel like doing more what you want to do and set your own priorities 
With Mars in the seventh house of partnerships, mate or close asso­ ciate may have a different view­ point. Use caution on September 
4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 18, 23 and 28 Good days to push your creativity, rom­ ance or whatever makes you hap- 

Dec. 22 ♦ Jan 19 
July — There is a period of 

Capricorn subjects: 
George 
Foreman and Mary Tyler Moore. 
B on 8, although don't go over­ arm 12, 16, 2o, 24 , 25, 26 rind 3o 
Elvis Presley may have some health problems and be concerned with his weight. 
October — The Goat only climbs up Of all the signs, Capri­ corn has the highest and deepest ambitions, although they are less evident than in the more expres­ sive signs This month there may be some frustrations. You want to point in one direction and get there but there may be some mi­ nor setbacks. Difficult days are 
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 12, 18. 19. 2o, 
21 and 28. Better days to work on career and more practical mat­ ters are IO, 17, 18, and 25 The 
Quarter Moon on the 18th may cause some stress but still pro­ vides you with a good opportunity to get something you want Some­ one may break Dyan Cannon's heart in mid-October. 
November — This is the time to work out practical matters with the important people in your life. Friends play a big part in your activities this month Don’t mix friendships and finances. Se­ lect your friends with caution and don't be misled by any false promises or great expectations on 
November 4, 9, 15, 2o, 22, 28. 29 and 3o. Innovative ideas can be 

 acted upon successfully on the 14, 
15 and 16th Jeanne Moreau will have an unfortunate romance. 
December — Get your Christ­ mas plans and details worked out before December 12 when Mercu­ ry turns retrograde in your >sign, causing delays and frustrations. 
Good uplifting days when you ac­ complish much are December I, 
3, 8, ll, 12, 13, 21, 25 and 27 Frus­ trating days are December 4, 7, 
16, 2o, 22, 26 and 28 Be careful of overindulgences on the latter day. 
• Lucky color Brown; Lucky stone Garnet; Lucky day Satur­ day; Lucky number 4; talcky flower Poinsettia or Snow Drop. 
AQUARIUS 

Jan. 2o - Feb.18 
July — You will be more effi­ cient and effective this month. 
Accept someone’s challenge and produce the best kind of service in your field of work on July 2, 6, 15, 
16, 17, 22 and 24. People may be on vacation or home sick so you may have to work harder. Giving too much of yourself on the job should not be overdone Avoid up­ sets with co-workers and health on July I, 3. 14, 18, 19 and 3o Both 
Eva and Zsa Zsa Gabor could end up in divorce court at the same time. Mark Spitz may be having some financial problems because of bad investments. 
August — This is a month of pressure. Saturn is in your oppo­ site sign in your house of part­ nerships, bringing to light any weak links in your bond with an­ other. lf there is selfishness, ego­ centricity or coldness on either side, these traits may become in­ tensified. You may think that you are the injured party Saturn is teaching you a needed lesson and it coula be that you are supposed to grow in understanding, toler­ ance, sympathy and empathy, A really sound, constructive rela­ tionship will become even more stable but an alliance that is built on a shaky foundation could crumble. Difficult days are Au­ gust 6, 8 13, 14, and 15 Days for constructive activity are August 
3, 4, 5, 9 17 , 2o, 23, 26 27, 28 and 
31. Mia Farrow will be having marital problems Burt Reynolds’ health continues to plague him. 
Jack Lemmon can be caught up in a self-destruct ive cycle and drink heavily 
September — There may be great concern over jointly owned funds, taxes, insurance, alimony or child support payments on Sep­ tember 4. 5, 9, IO, ll, 18. 23 and 28 
{ Don’t overextend yourself on the latter day. This is still a very busy month on the job. Don’t ov­ erdo. Watch your health on those days. Best days for gain and job 
, bonanzas are September 8 9, 12, 
I 16, 2o 22. 24. 25 26 and 3o Joe 

Garagiola will be having prob­ lems with the officials on his TV program. 
October — You will broaden your horizons through study or travel. This is a good month to make long range plans especially on October IO, 18, and 25. The 19, 
2o and 21 can be good days if you keep your angry feelings to your­ self. 'Travel should be for busi­ ness or a learning process, not just for recreation. Gene Hack­ man may be traveling to the area of a movie he will be making. 
November — With Mars in your marriage house during the next three months and the Sun conjoining Uranus in your career area, you can expect some havoc in your life. Try to understand others’ viewpoints in personal matters and don’t antagonize those in authority on November 3, 
4, 5, 9, 15, 17, 2o and 22. Good days for untangling these situations are 
November 14 and 16. Otherwise your personal plans may clash with your business interests so don’t mix the two. Helen Curley 
Brown will discover this problem when her career and marriage clash. 
December — Your leadership qualities will make you more pop­ ular this month. Friends help you sort out your feelings, they’re cooperative and help lift the gloom as many planets push and 

Aquarius subjects: Joey Bisnop and Suzanne Pleshette. pull you in different directions. 
Best days for social life and plea­ sure are December I, 3, 8, 13, 14, 
15, 21, 24. 25 and 27. Friends are more quarrelsome or erratic on 
December 4, 5, 7, 16, 2o, 22 and 28 
The latter day warns against ov­ erindulgences in all areas Nor­ man Mailer has gotten over his writer’s block and will be produc­ ing another best seller. 

• Lucky color Blue Indigo; 
Lucky stone Amethyst; lucky day' Wednesday; Lucky number 
7; Lucky flower Primrose. 
PISCES 

 ones and investments are July I, 
3, 14, 19, 2o, 21 and 3o is another tricky day. It is good to shop or for social affairs but some unex­ pected circumstances come up on the job. 
August — Saturn is in your house of work and health. This brings more responsibility on the job and some problems with co­ workers. In matters of health, use preventive measures in whatever area you tend to experience prob­ lems. Difficult days are August 6, 
8, 13. 15, 16 and the 17th is a mixed day. You can accomplish much if you get down to business. 
Best days for special assignments or caring for your health are Au­ gust I, 2, 3. 4, 5, 9, 17, 2o. 23 and 
31. Pat Nixon's health may take a 

Feb. 19 • M arch 2o 

July — This is a good time for vacations, hobbies and sports 
You are more receptive to roman­ tic vibes. Your destiny is strongly linked to romance. Your talents blossom . ., compose songs, write poetry or paint Creative days are 
July 4, 5, 6, 15, 16, 17, 22 and 24 
Difficult days for children, loved 

Pisces subjects: Cyd Charisse and actor Tony Randall. 

 turn for the worse during this month. 
September — This is always a difficult month for you and there may be problems with part ners. Try to cope on September 4, 
5, 12, 13, 18, 23 and 28. You’ll need more sleep than usual. You are moody and others have to work hard to understand your ups and downs. Compromise and let oth­ ers arrange your life and possibly change it in an unexpected way on September 8, 9, 16, 2o, 24, 25, 
26 and 3o. Anthony Armstrong 
Jones, the Earl of Snowden, may be saying some nasty things about 
Princess Margaret 
October — Children and loved ones are more expensive in Octo­ ber. You’re likely to become friv­ olous now and finances can be a bone of contention. Don’t argue over money on Oct. 3, 9, IO, ll, 12, 
18, 2o and 28. Any financial luck hinges on your mate on Oct. IO. 
18, 21 and almost anything can happen on the 28th — a day of surprises. This can be the final breakup of Dinah Shore and Burt 
Reynolds. 
November — Venus smooths travel plans after November ll 
Get away when you can — what happens far from home has a pos­ itive effect on your life on Novem­ ber 14, 18, 19, 2o There may be some sudden changes in plans on 
November 2o You dream more than ever. W rite down those night adventures for better self-under­ standing. Avoid getting into trou­ ble with lawyers, educational matters, in laws or those at a dis­ tance on November 4, 5, 6. 7, 9. 15 and 22. — 
December — This is a month of both challenge and enthusiasm in your career area. Get your shopping dont and cards out early as Mercury turns retrograde on 
Dec 
12th. bringing delays and frustrations. This will bt* a very busy month and productive days are December I, 3, 8, 13, 15, 21, 
24, 25 and 27. Avoid quarrels with boss or parent on December 4. 7, 
16, 2o, 22 and 28. You will enjoy your holidays with your loved ones Peter Fonda may be a bit accident-prone on December 7 

• Lucky color Lavender or light Grey; Lucky stone Aqua­ marine; Lucky day Thursday; talcky number 9; Lucky flower 
Daffodil. 

PAG* 14 
THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 2, I 977 

THC SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAB— Jonuory 2, 1977 
PAGE 15 

Zorba wows the Greeks 

FOR a man of 6o. actor Anthony Quinn is in pret­ ty good shape. 
That’s him, below, keeping pace with dancer 
Peter Athanassiu, half his age, during a hectic 
3o-minute routine to the pulsating beat of Greek music. 
Quinn, who starred in the movie Zorba The 
Greek, put on the impromptu show during a 
$1oo-a-person benefit for his friend Dr. Emanuel 
Revici’s Institute of Applied Biology. It took place at New York’s famed Sirocco nightspot. 
In true Greek tradition, the audience hurled dollar bills at him to show their approval of his fast-footed routine during the haaapiko” dance. 
After helping to raise more than $3o,ooo for the 
Institute, Quinn still looking fresh, took his wife 
Yolanda by the arm and said: “ Now I’m dancing home.” 

STRANGE CURSE HAUNTS 
CLAUDINE LONGET TRIAL 

Quinn bows to dancer Peter Athanassiu. 

By STEVE DUNLEAVY 
CLAUDINE LONGET is due to go on trial this week for the killing of her lover Spider Sabich, a tragedy that has left a curse on everyone it has touched. 
The question of why she pulled the trig ger on the man she shared her bed with has split the jet-set ski resort of Aspen, 
Colo., right down the middle, opening bit­ ter feuds. 
But more remarkable is the bizarre way it has altered the lives of those who have become involved in the case. 
Frank Tucker, district attorney for As­ pen s Pitkin County, told THE STAR 'i t s kind of weird, but it has changed all our lives. 
“ It certainly has changed my life. The case has cost me my wife. 
"I am now in a rather bitter battle for the custody of my son If Miss Longet had not pulled that trigger. I guess I would still be living with my wife.’’ 
Tucker says the case has divided Aspen into two camps. 
“ There are those who think I am vicious to prosecute her, and those who think I should have charged her with murder in- 

Raise your legs: Quinn comes out of a spin smiling 

Raise your arms: Resembles balancing act 

It has ruined lives of so mony people 

 sted of reckless manslaughter. I got a lot of pressure from both sides and there were a lot of savage things said against me and my wife. She couldn't take it. 
She didn t like my involving myself in criminal matters. As a matter of fact, af­ ter this I will probably, quit.” 

Within half-an hour of Miss Longers fir­ ing a fatal bullet into the body of Sabich — a handsome ski champion who was the fa­ vorite of the townspeople — it started to al­ ter the life of former police Lieutenant Bill 
Balldridge. 

He was first on the scene on March 21 last year and found Sabich dying on the floor of his luxurious ski lodge. 
Balldridge seized a diary belonging to 
Mrs. Longet which allegedly chronicled the most personal and intimate aspects of her love life. 
The lieutenant was criticized for the manner in which he seized the diary. Colo­ rado Supreme Court ruled that the diary could not be used in the prosecution. 
Tucker recalls: “ It was some­ thing that Miss Longet would not want disclosed It was of a very personal nature But I have com­ mitted large sections of it to memory.” 
Bul that dido t help Balldridge, a career cop, who was popular in the town Soon after he was dis­ missed from his plum job after al­ legations that he drank while on duly. 
Then Deputy Sheriff (ieorge 
Ackerman, a man who adminis­ tered trace metal tests to Miss 
Longet, made a complaint to the 
Colorado attorney general’s office about the behavior of a colleague, 
Sheriff Carol Whitmeyer. 
Whitmeyer fired Ackerman af­ ter an argument, claiming he had been a “ disruptive influence.” 
But Ackerman was only weeks out of a job before Sheriff Whit­ meyer himself resigned in a storm of controversy. 
Even the star player in the tragedy, Claudine I/inget has suf­ fered more anguish She was vic­ tim of an extortionist demanding 
$5o,ooo. 

He threatened to incriminate her with letters he claimed he had in his possession The man was caught and is now facing three charges. 
District Attorney Tucker said 
“ It has really shaken the town. 
But I had to prosecute the case according to law, even with Mr. 
Sabich, a good friend of mine, lying in his grave.” 
Then the D A. made an extraor­ dinary statement for a man who is heading a prosecution: 
“Claudine will never see a day behind bars,” he said. “She won t f 
;o to jail. Ix?t s face it, women ike her never do. 
“To see Miss Longet in Aspen recently, you would think she is running for office. She has en- 

Claudine Longet: She acts like she’s running for office. 

\ J 
ILA. Tucker: 
“Claudine will never see a day behind bars.” 

 rolled in every self help class available, and has volunteered to teach French at the local school 
“ Let s face it. Miss Longet is an actress Her business is public relations She is skilled in influ encing people. 
Mind you, one can hardly criticize her stance." 

Tucker is “a little angry” that two pieces of evidence the love diary and blood arid urine tests were supressed. 
He said “The blood and urine showed significant traces of alco bol and cocaine ..enough to influ enee the process of reasoning 
Enough to make a person less cautious ” 
But the prosecution still thinks it can win the case. 
On the night of the killing, As pen deputy sheriff George Acker­ man, who later lost his job, ad­ ministered a trace metal U*st to 
Miss I/ingot 
It showed that she had, as she has admitted, held the death gun at the time of the shooting 
Claudine, however, claimed tile gun went oil accidentally as Sa 
Inch was showing her how to ase it. lf that s the case, the prosecu­ tion believes it is reasonable to assume that he, too, handled the gun 
One hardly shouts instructions to anat lier person I rom a distance on how to handle a gun without actually handling it." a source close to the prosecution said 
“ But when the trace metal test was applied to the hands of the dead man, it showed that he had not handled the gun at all.” 

SHU looking fresh, Quinn heads home after the acrobatics with his wife Yolanda on his arm. 

LOCKER ROOM BECOMES A JOKE 
STUDENTS at l^ike Superior State College, Mich , were baffled to find the locker rooms of their new ilO-millton sports complex labeled I, 2, and 3, instead of the traditional Men and Women Officials used num­ bers to avoid charges of sex discrimination Women are using room I, the men room 2. But nobody knows who is supposed to be in No. 3. 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 

I Choice part 
6 Tossed” concoc­ tion 

I I Jury list 
16 Harness horse 
21 Derby entry 

22 Harangue 
23 Vigilant 
24 Love 
"madly 
25 Accept 
. formally 
26 Admit 2 wds 
27 Highway dividers 
28 Sharp pains 
29 Legal term 
3o Straighten 
32 Papal crown 
34 Small 
Scottish 
36 Obtained 
37 Pedal digits 
39 Crete s moun­ tain 
4K Dolt 
41 Witness 
42 Tosspots 
43 Sea eagle 
45 Not plen­ tiful 
4 7 Head covering 
49 Stir up 
53 Sweet spire 
54 Confederate soldier 
55 Secret meet­ ings 
59 Em bankm ent 
6 o Greek monster 
6 2 Soak flax 
63 Hum orist 
64 Faucet 
65 Spirit 

, ‘ - 
! 
' • 
-V. . 
I. 

66 Reverie 
117 Strike 
67 Queenly 
1 2o Endure 
69 Lawsuit 
1 24 Hail 
7o Baseball 
Latin club 
1 25 Latin art 
71 Hopeless 
1 26 French case 
. . . . . 
72 Tropical 
127 Independent herbs one 
73 Apartment slang 
74 Unsightly 
1 29 Pronoun scenes 
1 3o Gunpowder 
76 Contaminated ingre­ 
7 7 Sighed dient conten­ 
I 32 Fatigues tedly 
1 34 Aches 
78 Deserthke 
1 36 Foreigner 
79 Building 
1 38 Aromatic sections herb 
8o Persian 
I 39 Wear pixie away 
81 Glues 
1 4o Western 
84 Oversaw 
Indian 
85 Free 2 
I 41 Undraped wds statues 
89 Mountain 
142 Jumps nymph 
143 Spanish 
9o Upbraided name 
\ 
91 Assuage 
144 Succinct 
92 Cardboard 
145 Peace con- goddess tamer 
93 Hiberma 
94 Brigand 
95 Tiny 
96 Chinese 

97 Cargo unit 
98 Watch ribbon 
99 French pronoun 
1oo Avalanche 
1o1 Artists stand 
1o2 European country 
1o4 Downcast 
1o5 Enemies 
1o6 Wild storm 
1o8 Working 
2 wds 
11O Capture 
11 2 Philippine tree 
11 3 By nature 
I 16 G uido S note 

I I 7 Craw! 

DOWN 

1 Map 
2 W ild 
West show 
3 Irregular 
4 Deadly viper 
5 Between prefix 
6 Firm 
7 Stadium s 
8 Tardy 
9 Philppine dwarf 
1o False teeth 
11 Royal re s i­ dence 
I 2 Cognizant 
I 3 Novel by 
Zola 
14 Supplement 
15 Minimize 
16 Family 

 member 
1 7 Oklahoma 

 city 
1 8 African river 
19 Rye fungus 
2o Relaxes 
31 Chain part 
33 Early 
Peruvian 
35 Of the mind 
38 "Lucky ' number 
4o Fact 
Latin 
41 Weep 
42 Pigpen 
44 Fish eggs 
46 Panateia 
47 Early 
48 Work unit 
49 Annapolis cadet 
5o Pass on 
51 Egg- shaped 
52 M erited 
54 Treated royally 
56 Flight of steps 
57 Sample food 
58 Hurry 
61 Dakota 
Indians 
62 Recoiled 
63 Took place 
66 Actress 
Day 
67 Protections 
68 Man s name 
69 Curiosity 
71 Pierced with horns 
72 Calms 
73 Churlish 
75 Lucifer 
76 Gave 
7 7 Flower part 
79 Venezuela city 
8o Female 

 chicken 
81 Versifiers 
82 Direction sign 
83 Net 
84 Sea. 
French 
85 Attired 
86 Corpulent 
87 Shoe bottoms 
88 Laud 
9o Apron top 
91 Improper 
94 Give thought to 
95 Snooze” 
96 Apostolic 
98 Marsh 
1oo Painful area 2 wds 
1o1 Large bird 
1o3 Spanish noble­ man 
1o4 Musical direction 
1o5 Gratis 
1o7 Feminine ending 
1o9 Northern 
Ireland 
1 1o Gets up 
111 Leather straps 
113 Commonplace 
114 Sheeplike 
I I 5 Networks 
I I 7 Belief 
119 Foretell 
121 Stage whisper 
I 22 Luster 
123 Taut 
125 Ens brother 
126 Out of 
I 29 Prevaricator 
I 28 Hindu queen 
131 Sixth sense abbr, 
I 33 Assyrian deity 
135 Ibsen character 
1 37 Persian native 
6 

17 
IB 
19' 
TO r•L■: 
■ 

The man who got out of his car in a safari park 

SOLUTION ON PAGE 19 

Doenitz, camera in hand, leaves his car to get a close-up shot of some sleeping lions as his anxious wife looks on. 

Intent on taking his photo, Doenitz is caught unawares as another lion, hidden in the undergrowth, leaps on his back. 

^ 1 ,1 1 1 1 Dim .,O ' ' lr 
The ferocious animal drags him screaming to the ground and pins him down by its teeth as he struggles to get free. 

 led h second lion 

- 
-rn 
■ T- t 
^ 
HI— I 
^ 
^ "''ijjSjfj is raised In a last desperate effort to fend off a 
But moments later Doenitz was dead. 

THIS was the moment when 
American tourist Pitt Doenitz gave way to temptation — and paid with his life. 
He disobeyed the cardinal rule of wild life parks by leaving his car to shoot a home movie of some dociie-looking hora sleeping on the grass. 
As Doenitz, 36, edged toward them to get a closer shot, two oth­ er lions that had been stalking in the undergrowth suddenly leaped at him from behind. 
His young wife Carol and their 

 two children watched horrified from the car as the boas dragged 
Doenitz to the ground and mauled him to death 
These dramatic photos are part of a film shot bv another tourist who witnessed the tragedy as he sat powerless to help in a nearby car It happened on a game re­ serve in Angola, Africa. The film is now being made into a docu mentary about jungle dangers. 
And it serves as a frightening reminder to safari park tourists 
Never leave your car. 

PAGE 16 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— Jonuory 
2, 1977 

THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— January 
2, 1977 
PAGE 17 

ESI 
TBI *«t 
A Ik 

ACROSS 

1 Flings out a lure 
2 Tun sport with 
12-D 
12 Swarms, crowds 
17 Show horse, step­ per 
22 ' Our National — 

23 TV knob adjust­ ment 
24 Large bay win­ dow 
25 Clergyman 
26 Seductive wom­ an 
27 Gratify, elate 
28 English heretic burned at the stake, 15th Cen­ tury 
3o Yanks, Red-Sox, etc. 
31 Turkish rulers 
32 - Cruces, N M. 
33 Beverage 
34 Employ 
35 Diamonds. Slang 
36 Sacred. Fr. 
37 Create 
38 Apiece 
39 Antlered animal 
41 Terminate 
43 Levy 
44 Dispatched 
45 Summer in Lyon 
47 Nimble 
49 Body of water 
51 Lion — 
54 Latvia monetary unit 
55 More trim 
58 VV VV ll area 
59 Leading actors 
61 Insane 
62 Vend again 
64 Adhesive 
& 
Kfntrh 
66 Stock market venture 
69 Firm 
71 Sudden fear 
73 Mild oath 
74 Farm structure 
75 Water animal 
77 Boxing term 
79 Pretend 2 wrds. 

81 Prayers 
83 Daub with paint 
84 Possesses 
86 Mimicked 
88 Chablis & Bur­ gundy 
89 Correct reason­ ing 
9o Sharpeners 
91 Dusky 
92 Chairman s mal­ let 
94 Army rank. 
Abbr. 
95 Mortar tools 
97 F'rost bite 
98 Wed 
99 Wicked 
1o1 Olive seed 
1o2 Wild sheep of 
India 
1o1 Maize 
1o5 Countrified, rus­ tic 
1o6 Uncomforted 
1o8 A draw. 2 wrds. 
1o9 Unite 
111 Standard. Abbr. 
112 Auction-sale stipulation 
114 Carried on a war 
116 Taste 
118 Leaves 
122 — eat Mod talk 
124 Follow imme­ diately 
126 Retired. Poetic 
127 Obese 

129 Violation levies 
131 Masculine name 
IK Affirmative 
133 A holy person 
134 Sewing instru­ ments 
136 Bailing utensil 
138 Immerse 
139 Inheritors 
14o Org of Ameri­ can 
States 
Abbr. 
141 Consume 
142 Habituate 
1145 Senses 
146 Shipment of goods to an agent 

151 Worries, frets. 
Colloq. 
154 Postage & Trad­ ing - 
156 In what man­ ner? 
157 Revises 
158 Scull 
16o Sat. night TV show 
162 Commander. 
Abbr. 
163 Shaded retreat 
165 Alphabet letters 
166 Bring prices down 
168 Plural of ovum 
169 Very dry 
171 Enjoyment 
172 Relative to Nov. 
^174 Prohibit 
175 Status — 
176 Move through water 
177 — -myelitis 
179 Neither 
181 Idabel 
182 
Faithful" 
183 External 
184 Regrooved tire 
185 Initials Abbr 
186 Corrects school papers 
188 Church pas­ sageways 
19o Angered 
191 Position, rank 
192 French school 
193 Repasts 
194 Curtain —. 1st 
3d 
195 Spanish bull 
196 Perfect models 
197 The 
4th 
Press 
198 Govt. 
Em­ ployes Colloq. 
DOWN 
1 Hinged window frame 
2 Bring to life 
3 Swing at a ball 2 wrds 
4 At that place 
5 Wash, Vips abbr. 
7 Councilman------ 
8 Billiard sticks 
9 Feminine name 
LAST WEEK S GIANT SOLUTION 

©C.J.HUM 
1o Snuggle 
11 Native of Athens 
12 Turf sport with 
6-A 
13 The far East 
14 Disencumber 
15 Pastrami store. 
Colloq. 
16 Chosen for office 
17 Jokes 
18 Operatic solos 
19 Called off, an­ nulled 
2o Everlasting, for­ ever 
21 Reestablish resi­ dence 
27 Suppuration 
29 Tu le period 
39 Run off to wed 
4o Relative to pork or beef 
42 F'nend of Pythias 
46 Part of a leaf 
48 Neutral pronoun 
49 BKG. MGM. it others 
5o Mid-East fuel. 2 wrds. 
52 Human being 
53 Fisherman 
56 — dancer 
57 Renovate 
59 ‘ The — Letter ’ 
6o Postures 
62 Routines rosters 
63 Respect title 
65 A form of rebel­ lion 2 wrds. 
67 The self 

68 Gov. agency. 
Abbr 
69 Precipitous 
7o Mama s partner 
72 Mixed-drinks. compounds 
75 State of being all- powerful 
76 Young salmon 
77 Tooth-like pro­ jections 
78 Coffee, tea, milk, etc. 
8o New, recent. 
Prefix 
82 Army rank. 
Abbr. 

84 Fastened a mule to a wagon 
85 — terrier Scot 
87 Dedicated by vow 
91 Term of endear­ ment 
93 Colored with rage 
95 Placed in a heap 
96 Closes 
98 Forest animal 
1oo Recline 
1o1 Animal foot 
KW In addition 
1o1 Confederate 
States of Ameri­ ca. Abbr. 
1o7 Not at home 
HO To die 
II) Small rivers 
113 Retain 
SILLYETTES 

115 Cam s brother 
116 Mixes 
117 Set in place 
119 Take charge as a Chairman 
12o Help 
121 Softens, yields 
122 Personal pron­ oun 
123 Mex. laborers 
125 Distinct part 
127 Riggings for a boat 
13o — Sea Islands 
133 Oozes 
134 Negative prefix 
135 F'emale saint. 
Abbr 
137 Clean feathers as a bird 
139 Skirt edge 
143 F'emale sheep 
144 Ow who flees responsibility 
145 Intimate, close 
146 Bovine 
147 Obligated to 
148 Present 
149 Mid-day 
15o Marble, shooter 
152 Jewelry display item 2 wrds 
153 Natives of a swamp 
155 Ontario Capital city 
156 F^steemed 
159 Ask. demand 
161 Operated a plane 
163 Barrel stopper 
164 Inform again 
166 Women 
167 Furrows, grooves 
17o Another of the same, likewise 
173 Court affairs 
174 F'ind fault with 
176 F'ine line of a letter 
178 Buckeye Cam­ pus Abbr 
18o Speed contest 
183 I .argo jar 
184 Small creek 
187 Morgue term 
Colloq 
189 Took a seat 

Star WHIRLY WORD5 by Warren Tobotch 

PUZZLE 1o2 
E 
R 
I 
A 
N 
N 
O 
I 
T 
S 
E 
U 
Q 

T 
P 
P 
T 
T 
B 
N 
S 
S w 
A 
R 
Y 

R 
R 
O 
E 
L 
I 
O 
o 
A 
E 
R 
E 
Y 

A 
L 
I 
A 
T 
L 
F 
N 
S 
E 
I 
A 
R 

P 
N 
N 
G 
D 
S 
T 
O 
N 
E 
T 
P 
E 

B 
K 
O 
I 
G 
E 
R 
I 
R 
G 
H 
O 
H 

R 
A 
E 
I 
U 
E 
A 
o 
A 
P 
M 
L 
P 

E 
R 
R 
Q 
J 
T 
R 
L 
O 
F 
E 
L 
I 

A 
E 
N 
R 
P 
U 
L 
A 
E 
o 
T 
A 
R 

K 
A 
N 
A 
E 
O 
A 
E 
C 
P 
I 
C 
E 

B 
A 
C 
K 
N 
L 
T 
C 
N 
S 
C 
S 
P 

B 
A 
Y 
L 
D 
R 
A z 
A 
H 
P 
A 
H 

CLUE: “TYPE OF FISH’ 
Solution: 7 letters 

MOW TO H A V : 
All lh* word* listed below *pp**r in lh* puzzle — horizontally vertically, diagonally *v*n backwards fin d them and circle than 
•attars Th* leftover latter* span th* Starword 

Arithmetic 
Feet 

Gallon 

Haphazardly 
Knee 
Nose 
Periphery 
Plot 
Profit 

Questionnaire 
Reap 

[~I aal Weak’, Answer: KNUCKLE 

Back 
Banquet barrel 
Bay 
Blank 
Break 

Captain 
Caution 

Deal 
Doors tcp 

Rose 

Scallop 
Scare 
Soldier 

Trigger 

Want 
Wary 

Laverne And Shirley avert a big split 

• SERIOUS thought has been giv­ en to replacing Cindy Williams on the smash hit, Laverne And Shir­ ley because of her continual com­ plaints. But now, the situation has been resolved without any drastic changes. 

• ALL is still serene on Char­ lie’s Angels. But each of the three glamour gals—Farrah Fawcett- 
Majors, Jaclyn Smith. Kate Jack­ son — is bent on furthering her own career. As a result, they won t give interviews together 

• LYNDA CARTER is telling friends that her Wonder Woman show is a sure bet as a regular se­ ries next fall. ABC’s program­ ming chief Fred Silverman is high 

TV TUBETALK on the show. It now can be seen every Saturday until the end of 
January 
• CHER is looking ahead to concert tours. She reportedly is convinced that the Sonny And 
Cher Slow will be canceled at end of season. 
• YOU can bet there will be plenty of protests from sports viewers when Vikki Carr sings 
America The Beautiful in place of the national anthem at the Super 

Bowl Jan. 9 over NBG Many tra­ ditionalists think this is heresy. 

• NANCY 
WALKER didn’t have time to be upset when her show was canceled. The next day she signed to star in the new se­ ries, Mrs. 
Blansky’s Beauties, premiering at the end of January. 
• ABC has signed a powerhouse cast for its forthcoming 1o-part miniseries, Washington, including 
Cliff Robertson, Jason Robards, 
Stefanie Powers, Robert Vaughn and Andy Griffith. It will air in late spring. 

• JAMES GARNER has ended his rebellion against doing com­ mercials. He's just signed to plug 
Polaroid. 

Paper-shufflers are driving this loving couple to a divorce 

It’s a dog’s life 

SHERLOCK BONES is a dogs best friend He runs the world’s first doggy detective agency, hunting missing mutts. 
But Bones admits he owes his success to the dogged efforts of his four-footed partner Taco. That’s them above, hot on a scent 
Bones, alias Jolui Keane, and Taco have had their noses to the grindstone ever since he opened the agency last year in 
Oakland. Calif The two have succeeded in reuniting dozens of stray dogs with their owners. 
Keane, 32. an ex-Marine and former Wall Street broker, says 
“ I feel keenly the mental anguish of people who lose their pets.” 
He charges $1o-a-week and $5 for every week thereafter checking local pounds and keeping a missing pet list Taco. a shaggy sheep dog with a taste for champagne, goes on the trail of more difficult cases 
Bones, as he prefers to be called said 
’ We may take on 

Ford’s aide making debut as a bandit 
PRESIDENTIAL advisor L. William Seedman has discovered a new career — as a Mexican bandit. 
That’s the role he’ll play when he makes his act­ ing debut in a low-budget western called Santa Fe 
1867, which is being shot near his ranch in New 
Mexico. Seidman, a $4o,oo6 a-year economic advisor to President Ford, said he accepted the part because he'll be out of a job when Jimmy Carter moves into the White House. 
He told THE STAR this week: “ My first part is that of a Mexican bandit. I have no lines and I’ll make $3o a day. I’ve never done any acting before but I was able to get the job because I have good connections. My son is in charge of casting extras ’’ 
Seidman said he asked for a few lines in the mov­ ie, “ but my son wouldn't give them to me. 
“ He told me the best he could do for me is let me be the last bandit to die in the gun battle. I told him I d take it. After he sees me act, I may be the first to die. 
“ If it s the start of a whole new career, 1 11 let you know. I hope the talent scouts are watching 
I don’t have an agent — not yet — I can’t afford one on 3o bucks a day. 
“ I havent joined the actors’ union yet. I looked into it but you can’t get in unless you have a speaking part. Body language doesn’t count. I’m learning all the rules and having a lot of fun with it.” 
What does President Ford think about one of his top aides turning to the movies’* 
“ The President hasn’t said anything about it to me,” Seidman said. “ He may not think it s ap­ propriately respectful but I’m sure he’ll find it funny ana delightful 
“ This is not a great big picture It s sort of a low-budget job. The fact that I’m in it is a tip-off to that. 
Any significance in that he's going from his present job to playing a bandit? “ No 
. . none ti tat I can think of, he said “ Its probably more significant that I’m from Michigan and so is the 
President.’’ 
■wmmmmmmmmmrnmmmmmmmmmm 
STUDENT BUILDS AN 
ELECTRIC CHAIR 

 lawman has just 
:hool 

STUDENT 
Dan Holtel completed a set project — by building a full-size electric chair. 
It is complete in ev­ ery detail except for the plug: real electric chairs have a type that cannot be inserted into any conventional out­ let. 

Holtel, a junior in the law enforcement class at Scarlet Oaks Voca­ tional School, Cincin­ nati, is not sure wheth er capital punishment should be permitted, but he said he 
“ wouldn t think twice about using the elec­ tric chair on some peo­ ple, like mass murder­ ers.” 

 happily gives handouts to fourth generation ire bums, wants to snap Benninghoff’s back 

KURT BENNINGHOFF and his wife Karen are devout Lutherans who have been married for 16 years, love each other desperately but who are headed for the divorce court. 
They don’t WANT a divorce, they HAVE to get a divorce. Their case is the most enraging example of dumbfounding bureaucracy that has come down the pike in a long while. 
And it is also a cruel indictment of a double standard imposed on the citizens of this country by paper-shufflers who seem hell-bent on destroying the backbone of this country — the hard-working middle-class stiff. This is their story: 
For the past 16 years, Benninghoff, 36, has worked his tail off as a meter-reader for a power company in Hammond. Ind., just outside Gaiy. His work record is superb, and now he makes $13,ooo a year. 
But the Welfare Department of Indiana, anoutfit that happily gives handouts welfare and reduce him to a squalor that a dog doesn’t deserve. 
For IO of the last 16 years of their marriage, his wife, Karen, 35, has been stricken with crippling multiple sclerosis. Benninghoff and his three chil­ dren — aged, 13, 14 and 15 — determined not to break up the family, have resisted doctors advice to put her in a nursing home. 
Despite that Benninghoff has spent $6o,ooo of his hard-earned money, very happily, on nurses to treat his wife at home, the multiple sclerosis has now completely paralyzed her from the waist down. 
Doctors said it was essential that she be admitted to a nursing home for proper care in Munster. Ind. 
Now Medicaid, that great big brother of every derelict in this country, says they will pay for the upkeep of Karen Benninghoff, only if her husband surrenders his annual income to the tune of $8,ooo a year. This would leave him the giant sum of $4oo a month to pay for his mortgage, food, clothing and his kids. 
That’s not bad enough One of Benninghoff’s boys also has multiple sclerosis. His daughter tragical­ ly suffers from a brain beat disfunction. 
Now, Benninghoff’s insurance company has re­ fused to pay the bills for Karen ana the nursing home says unless the bills be paid by someone — anyone — she will be thrown into the streets. 
Medicaid has steadfastly refused to pay a cent 
. . . unless. Now the “ unless’’ is this. If Benninghoff was apauper and a welfare recipient himself, well fine The other “ unless” is if Mrs. Benninghoff was single, then everything would be okay. 
So, Benninghoff filed for divorce. An understand­ ing Judge Robert Berger said nonsense Medicaid should pay. The marriage should stay. 
Now this angered one of those classic civil ser­ vants named Mr. Wayne Stanton, who said Judge 
Berger had no nght to control his department Stan ton appealed to toe Supreme Court and Berger’s de­ cision was reversed. 
He said: “ Don’t ask me if its fair or not. Ifs not my point to be fair. It s my job to administer the rules.” 
So back to the divorce court. 
“ I love my wife very much, very much. I don't want to divorce her. But if I have to, I will," said 
Benninghoff.” 
Someone who doesn't understand is Benninghoff’s attorney. Mrs Nona Noel: “ What a lot of — this is 
If Benninghoff was a bum everything would be okay. 
“ This is one of tin? great families of our country 
Tough, independent, hard working and very, very close Very loving. 
“ Now the Welfare Department wants to have them get a divorce How on earth could Benninghoff with two sick children, get by on $4oo a month? ” 
Mrs Noel said there are several cases like this in the country and the only way any real progress can be made is for Congress to waive the rules and enact a bill. 
Well, Mrs Noel, you’re a wonderful hard-working lady with a heart, but if you think Congress would ever take enough time off to (A) do any real legis lating and I Bi address themselves to the suffering of the middle class, you believe in the Easter Bun ny. 

PAGE 18 
THI SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— Jonuory 2, 1977 

THI SAW 
ANTONIO 
STAR— Jonuory 2, 1977 
PAGE 19 

ONE of the next man-made objects in space could be . . . a meat pie. 
Dr. Allen Kraft, a professor of food technology at Iowa State 
University, wants to send a pie into orbit to see how conditions in space would affect food. 
“Making use of space’s natural refrigeration could save energy 
_ _ 
_ here on earth,” he told The 
Scientist s food star this we<* 
Dr. Kraft has suggested the experiment for the space shuttle mission scheduled for mid-1979. test would put 
1st hamburger into outer space x items,” he said. “Hamburger, meat pie and a crude meat item, like ham or bologna. 
“We’d try several different varieties of packing, some shielded from the sun, some unshielded.” 
The meat would be placed aboard an unmanned spacecraft which would be launched into orbit by the space shuttle. The craft would be retrieved six to nine months later. 
The 3o-ft long, 14-ft wide craft will orbit at about 3oo miles above the earth, said NASA spokesman Ken Atchison. 
“No experiments have yet been performed for it,” he added. 

Drug warning labels are putting millions at risk, say the reading experts 

MILLIONS of Americans are risking their lives when they take over-the-counter drugs because warning labels aren’t in clear enough English, ac­ cording to a university study group. 

The leader of the group. 
Fred Pyrczak Jr., told The Star this week: “The warnings on many widely-used drugs cannot be properly followed by anyone 

By BARRIE WATTS 
] 

Princess Caroline a mom for a day 

EVERY picture tells a story, they say. But in this case, it’s a pretty tall story. Despite appearances, 
Princess Caroline is still single, has no children and has NOT acquired an instant family. 
In fact, lt-year-okl Caroline was simply taking 

IS-month-old Stanislas Segard for a walk, In a Paris park. Stanislas is the son of a close friend. 
The man playing father by pushing the pram Is one of the Princess's many admirers, French public relations executive Jean-Paul Scarpitto. m m m m rnm m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m - 
POLICE BUST POT GANG THAT BROKE 

FOUR young men have been ar­ rested — for breaking INTO jail. 
They broke into the cells at a police station in Blue Ash, Ohio, and came out with 24o pounds of marijuana. 
The pot had been confiscated in a drug bust in February and was being kept as evidence. 
“We locked it up in a jail cell,” 
Police Chief Hon Sturgill told The 
Star. “I thought it would be the safest place. 
But we give a lot of tours of this station to a lot of groups, and anyone could tell there was man- 

INTO PRISON 

 juana here. Some was in clear plastic bags and some in green bags. But the smell alone would have tipped you off.” 

Early one morning when the un­ derstaffed station was briefly unmanned, the thieves broke a rear glass window, busted down a steel door, ransacked the office for the keys, and made away with the dope. 
“They were in and out in seven 

 minutes,” Sturgill said. “They had it well planned. One car pa­ trolled near the station and a sec­ ond monitored our police cars. 
“ Thewhole time they were lis­ tening to us on CB radios.” 
Burt within two days Chief Stur- 
11 and his men tracked down the eves — and the marijuana. 
“They thought they could sell the pot real fast and buy a farm to grow their own on,” ne said. 
The chief is making sure no more unwanted men get into his cells — he’s had them equipped with a burglar alarm. 

 couch syrups be changed — tten to be un- 

 who has less than a college level of reading skill.” 
Mr. Pyrczak, associate profes­ sor of education at California 
State University in Los Angeles, and a reading-comprehension spe­ cialist, added: 
“ Warning statements on aspi­ rin, cold remedies, and the like should they should be written derstood at a fourth-grade level of comprehension. 
“Our study found that even high school seniors gave a wrong definition of words used on com­ mon drug labels, and failed to in­ terpret correctly instructions on when to stop dosage.” 
One of the examples studied by 
Pyrczak’s group was found on IO nationally-advertised aspirin-type drugs, which warned purchasers: 
"In case of accidental overdose,^ contact a physician immediate­ ly.” 
According to Pyrczak, people could not make proper sense of this warning unless they had reached an Uth-grade or 12th- grade level of reading skill. He suggested the label should be changed to say: 
“ If someone takes too much by accident, talk to a doctor right away.” 
Another example gave this in­ struction: 
“ If pain persists for more than 
IO days or if redness is present, or in arthritic or rheumatic condi­ tions affecting children under 12 years of age, consult a physician immediately.” 
Pyrczak suggested the message should be changed to say: 
“lf pain lasts for more than IO days or if skin is red, talk to a doctor right away. If children under 12 years of age have signs 

 of arthritis or rheumatism, talk to a doctor right away.” 
The Food and Drug Administra­ tion has been advised of the study’s findings but has chal­ lenged some of the suggested changes, Pyrczak said. 
“They claimed that use of the word ‘doctor’ instead of ‘physi­ cian’ could make some people go to a doctor of theology instead of a doctor of medicine, he said. 

“But I believe that’s nonsense, 
I think people read things in con­ text — they’ll know the inst rue lions on a drug label point to a medical man rather than a mar of God.” 
And he criticized an EDA re­ port that showed 8o percent of people surveyed by the FDA said medications were clearly and fairly labeled. 
“ It’s my experience that people who can’t read fluently, or who have a somewhat low level of reading-comprehension, don’t like to admit it," he said. 
A spokesman for the FDA, Ed 
Nido, told The Star that the ad­ ministration has been working on over-the-counter drug warnings for several years. 
“ We’re trying to ensure that self-medication products are la­ beled in plain, everyday English that cannot be misconstrued, he said. 

“But ifs not an easy matter — simple, standard language is a pretty scarce commodity.” 
An American Medical Associa­ tion .spokesman, Frank Chappell, said tiiat doctors were concerned that warning labels on over the- counter drugs .should be easily understandable. 
“The label on a box of aspirin looks to me as if it would be un­ derstood by a 1oth grader — but probably not by somebody whose reading skill is below that level,” he said 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 
Honan Bemas □arnun anana 
□ g o b s r o a n n r a a n a n a a n a n a 
□□nan nanon b o o b s anoas any amins anana Baa ana 
□ h u b ana □oqohb Baa anna a a ls b h u q h b HHcinan 
□□Hanna nano aaa Banana asana anama aaa nan nan aaoci Hasan QBHomDn anna 
H B O C) 
B Q H D D O H B O O n B 
B B B B 
□aa Hionao snaacnaa anima 
H Q B U H O B H H H B D B B B 
Q U a a H B natl® hhbidosu aaaa uiuuuuu □uuiuuua Hrauaaaas 
□□sob □acinus® annas ana 
□anis uuuuuuu a is ann aaaa aaa aaa aas annas saasn 
H E Q G R E 
B Q H B B B B 
D S E Q S H O 
BC jB O D B 
C O O B O O 
D E D 
□ B O C ! 
B B D B O B B S 
O D D 
B O B O 
□ D B 
C Q B 
B O D O H 
O B E S O 
BCS 
□nano anooB bouch Dana 
U E U H Q 
B O B B I! 
B U D H U 
H E H B B 
B B Q B B 
D O E G E 
B O O B S 
□ □ H in a 

H 

■» 

Waller and Joan Mondale: She had to give ap her part-time Job. 

Veep’s wife Jean Mondale must entertain VIPs out of own housekeeping money 

VICE-PRESIDENTS wife 
Joan Mondale has a beautiful new home, servants. Secret 
Service guards . . . but no money for entertainment. 
She will have to pay for VIP functions out of the housekeeping money she gets from her hus­ band’s salary of $62,5oo a year plus $1o,ooo for expenses. 
“I know Congress intended to have the house used for official functions,” Mrs. Mondale told 
THE STAR this week. ‘‘But they forgot about the money.” 
The Vice President’s residence is Admiral’s House — an 83-year- old six-bedroom mansion on 

By NORMA LANGLEY 

Navy property in from the white He just three miles louse. 
A fund of $61,ooo was voted for maintenance (rf the house, but none (rf this will be available for entertaining. 
When the vote was taken in 1974 to set up the official residence, 
Walter Mondale was one (rf the senators who forgot that vice- presidents are not always inde­ pendently wealthy. 
The first scheduled occupants of the mansion were Nelson and 
Happy Rockefeller with an esti­ mated personal fortune of $3oo million. 
The Rockefellers, who have their own $8 million mansion just a few blocks from Admiral’s 
House, found excuses for not mov­ ing into the official residence. 
They entertained little and charged the government nothing for the personal money they spent on the house. The Mondales esti­ 

 mate their fortune to run in the neighborhood of $5o,ooo, the bulk of which is the equity in their old­ er, stucco house in a solidly mid­ dle-class Washington neighbor­ hood. 
Mrs. Mondale and her three children all had part-time and she stretched her food by setting up a neighborhood food cooperative last year. 
Mrs. Mondale said: ‘‘We don’t have private money and we wer­ en’t able to entertain much on the congressional salary. 
“ Even though the Vice-Presi­ dent gets $21,ooo more than a sen­ ator, I had to quit my paying job 
9o we are ahead on one side and behind on the other.” 
Mrs. Mondale was an active member of ‘Washington Whirl- 
Around’ an organization set up by a group of congressional wives to provide tour and party services tor unofficial Washington tourists. 
‘‘In fact, the first time I saw 
Admiral’s House was as a tour guide last spring,” she laughed. 
The Rockefellers have removed the famed $35,ooo sculpture-bed and their personal art collection, but the first floor of the house is fully furnished. The Mondales’ own furniture will be distributed in the upstairs rooms 
On the second floor of the man­ sion there is an office, two bed­ rooms and a study The third floor has four more bedrooms 
There are seven bathrooms in 
Admiral’s House, and the new 
SHAH Of FBT HOLDS KEY TO YOUR PERSONALITY 
THE key to your personality lies it (eel, according to a group 
York foot experts, who detent I 

 rn your of New have studied the ancient Indian art of foot-reading. 
They say there are several types of feet: 

• The primitive foot shaping, 
Iona and narrow, denotes an am- mallike nature. 
• The square shaping, which is thought to denote capability with a touch of brutality. 
• The spatulate, or broad fix. 

 tish foot, indicates an active, nervous nature, with a capacity for mental cruelty. 
• The knobbly foot is that of a philosophical person, who tends to be over-pedantic. 
• A pointed, tapering foot. 

 shows an artistic, refined nature. 
The shape of the toes is also im­ portant, the experts say. 
If they are burge, it denotes im­ pulsiveness; thick and short, sel­ fishness; curved and inflexible, fear or caution. 

 heating and air-conditioning sys­ tem is scheduled to be finished this week. Renovation has cost 
$615,ooo. 
Mrs. Mondale is spending the fi­ nal days before the move-in pack­ ing up and getting her own house ready for tenants. “I spend a lot 
(rf time changing my mind and running out to the curb to retrieve something I’ve thrown out, she said. 
Neighbors say Mrs. Mondale'is sensible, funny, and very capable and energetic. 
When die organized her neigh­ borhood co-op she made four un­ breakable nues and explained to each of the neighbors that whoev­ er was in charge had to be a dic­ tator, or haggling would take more time than the busy women could afford. 
Her rules, which are still in ef­ fect, are: no orders, no deliveries, no credit, and no complaints. 
At 6:3o a.m. each Tuesday, a team (rf two women take $5 from each of 16 families to an (pen-air market They buy bargains first and luxuries with what ever mon­ ey is left over and take the pro­ duce home to repack in the mem­ bers’ baskets. By 9:3o all of the baskets are delivered. 
Mrs. Mondale intends to take the list of co-op members with her, and hopes she can talk the 
Navy steward in charge of her new kitchen in the Vice-Presiden­ tial mansion to keep up her mem­ bership. 
Mrs. Mondale will not have much time during the next four years to wonry about food pur­ chases President Carter expects both Mondales to be the most ac­ tive ‘second team’ in history. 
“When we first vent to Plains to be interviewed by Governor 
Carter, he came out to greet us alone,” said Mrs. Mondale 
“We met Rosalynn inside and the four of us sat down and talked. I have every reason to be­ lieve it ll continue that way ” 

ZONE A — Northeast, including New York and little rain early. Becoming showery, with some 
New England: Cold, but generally ary at first Snow storms, then easing later. in New England and western areas. Then milder 
Zone C - Southeast, including Memphis, Atlanta weather and ram. and Miami: Wet, but warm, over most of the region 
Zone B — Midwest, including Great Lakes, Chica- throughout the month. Cooler in the north go and Indianapolis: Usual cold temperatures but 
Zoo* D - North central, including Great Plains, 
Minneapolis and Omaha: Normal or higher temperatures at first 
Becoming colder, with rain and snow flurries in the north and across the Plains. Wet and warm­ er westward. 

Zone E - South central, includ­ ing Springfield and Houston 
Colder and wetter than usual. But clearing midmonth and becoming warmer. 

Zone F — Northwest, including 
Seattle and Portland: Rain, bis milder than normal conditions, expected to continue throughout the month 

Zone G — Southwest, Including 
Los Angeles and Phoenix: Aver­ age or warmer temperatures, but wetter over southern districts 
Some showers generally, then clearing later.