Express-News 
All-City 

Baseball team 
Section S 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 

35<t 

MAY 22, 1977 

Bexar’s 
Top Teens 

See Scene Section 

T F 
In the 
STAR Far rah i/" 
J 

John D» M a cD o n a ld ’s latest n r i „ * / / 
„ f 
I /i r i / / p r ' fg rn rn/' 
IF 4} 

 could win you cash! 

See Page IN 

THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
America's fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

F O R U M A S T 

 ta r tly cloudy, w arm . 
High, mid-8os. Low, 

SA TU tD'.Y TEMPERATURES 
IN C O IU M N TW O 
Lifesaver or hoax, laetrile is legal soon 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
EXPRESS NEWS MEDICAL WRITER 

Doctors hate it, many cancer patients love it and Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe is impressed by its ad­ vocates’ claims. 

Depending (in who's talking, laetrile, a derivative of apricot pits, may be the best cancer cure yet found or the 

Phil H ardberger has a big kiss for his wife, 
Linda, after his arrival at P a ris’ Le Bourget 
Airport Saturday. 

 cruelest medical hoax ever foisted on the American public. 
All the facts are far from being in concerning laetrile and the drug re­ mains clouded in controversy. 
But Texas, following the lead of three other slates, will legalize man­ ufacture and use of the drug in Sep­ tem ber. Texas doctors won't begin p rescrib in g laetrile im m ediately, however. 

State laws legalizing laetrile chal­ lenge the 2o-year ban against use of the drug by the U.S. Food and Drug Ad­ ministration. 
The issue of whether PDA can pre­ vent cancer patients from receiving laetrile is now before the U.S. Supreme 
Court. 
Those w atching closely for the court's decision arc those most affect­ ed by the ease: physicians, laetrile 

 proponents and thousands of cancer patients across the country. 
The storm of emotional controversy raised by those who believe in laetrile and the forces of established medicine who don’t has been raging since Ernest 
Krebs Sr., a California doctor, tried apricot pits on cancer patients in 192o. 
The Texas Medical Assn. issued a statement during its annual conven­ tion in Houston e a rlie r this month 

 urging Texas physicians not to use laetrile even if it is legalized. 
Dr. Merle Delmer, chairman of the 
Bexar County delegation to the TMA convention said TMA acted because laetrile has never been shown to be effective against cancer and its use may keep patients from seeking con­ ventional cancer treatment. 
“There have just been no scientific 

Seattle 
Slew 
M akes it two 
Full story, photo on Page IS 

I 
“i i i 
B B A \ 

 r n * 
, 
W x 'v V £| - 

 r n SINGL 
REMOVED 

 jjP fH ardy H ardy9 makes it to Paris 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
Charles A. Lindbergh did it 5o years ago. To prove man and machine are still up to it, attor­ ney Phil Hardberger did it Sa­ turday. 
San Antonio's “ Lone Eagle" flew his 
"Spirit of San Antonio" into Le Bour­ get Field iii Paris at 4 p.m. Paris time, 
Iii a.m. San Antonio time, after a solo trip across the Atlantic Ocean. 
“ It was a great flight and I had a marvelous time," Hardberger told the 
Express-News in a long-distance tele­ phone interview after landing in Paris 
Saturday. 
“ It was one of the best experiences of my life." the attorney said of his own celebration of the 5oth anniversary of 
Lindbergh’s historic flight. 
Hardberger was met at Le Bourget by his wife. Linda, and about Oil people. 
“ She was pretty glad to see m e.” 
Hardberger said of his wife. 
His flight from San Antonio to Pans was via New York City; Gander, New­ foundland: Suriderstrom AFB, Green­ land: Reykjavik, Iceland, and Shan­ non, Ireland. 
Leaky tanks 
Hardberger left San Antonio May 14 at 11:27 a.m. after a five and a half hour delay caused by leaky gas tanks. 
Although the tanks were repaired be­ fore In* left, he was not able to use them until after he left New York City. 
“ And I continued to be plagued by difficulties,” Hardberger said. “ The airplane behaved beautifully, but I never could get my high-frequency equipment to work. 
“ When I finally got my trailing an­ tenna out, nothing happened. I couldn't hear a thing so I was without com­ munication for several hours at a stretch." Hardberger said. 
He also lost the use of his mini-loran. a long range aid to navigation. “ The mini-loran is the only way to navigate over thi‘ ocean. 
"It was kind of the way Lindbergh did it. I aimed and timed and hoped to 

 land at the right place," Hardberger said. 
“ I was scared a couple of times." he said. "I had to leave Iceland in a low ceiling and go up into the mountains." 

"The climbing itself was making me uneasy. I kept imagining, and it was strictly my imagination, that I was 

 losing my oil pressure. 
“ I knew I was going to blow an en­ gine but I kept going and nothing hap­ pened." he said. 
“ In Greenland. I picked up ice on my wings. The plane was so heavy with gas and the ice was disrupting the air 

See HARDBERGER. Page MA 
Area man dies in plane crash 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - Maj. Gen. 
John K. Singlaub, U.S. chief of staff in South Korea, was fired 
Saturday by President Carter. vSinglaub was punished for telling 
The Washington Post last week that 
Carter’s plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Korea is a mistake that will lead to war. 
Defense Secretary Harold Brown announced Singlaub’s dism issal as chief of staff less than an hour after 
Singlaub, in uniform, met for 3o min­ utes with the President. Carter was described Thursday as distressed and angered by Singlaub's remarks. 
Brown accompanied Singlaub to the metring. In a statement issued from the Pentagon, Brown said, “ Public statements by Gen. Singlaub inconsis­ tent with announced national security policy have made it very difficult for him to carry out the duties of his pre­ sent assignment in Korea. 
“ I have, therefore, recommended to the President that Gen. Singlaub be 

The fir s t tim e since M acArthur 

................. ... 
................. ....— 
.ii. iii I ■■ .I reassigned, and with the P resident’s concurrence I have directed the secre­ tary of the Army to lake action to that effect.” 
It was the first such disciplining of an American general since President 
Truman recalled and fired Gen. Doug­ las MacArthur from command of U.S. and U.N. forces in Korea in April, 1951. 

Singlaub’s new assignment was not announced. He will retain his two-star rank. 
Singlaub, a m uch decorated w ar hero with 33 years in the Army, said through an Army spokesman thai he accepts the decision of reassignment and is looking forward to whatever his new job may be. 
“ In order to put this matter to rest, 
Gen. Singlaub has decided not to give interviews or make any com ments,” the spokesman said, adding that plans 
See SINGLAUB, Page MA 
Salinas, wife surrender 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
MOUNTAIN HOME, Idaho - 
The two crew members of an Air 
F'oree OV-1o observation air­ craft based in Texas were killed 
Saturday when the plane plunged into the ground short of the runway at Mountain Home 
Air F'oree AFB in southwestern 
Idaho. 

The accident occured S aturday morning as thousands of people started arriving at the military installation for an annual Armed F’orees Day open house. 
Air Force officials identified the dead crew members as Capt. Amzi G. 
Rankin. III. 29, of Mountain Home, and 
1st Lt. Eddy P. Drake, of Thermopolis 
VVyo., and Bergstrom, AFB, near Aus­ tin. Tex. 
Capt. Tom Teague, information of­ ficer at Mountain Home, said the propeller-driven reconnaissance a ir­ craft plunged into the ground from low altitude as it was com ing in for a landing. It crashed only about a mile from military displays on the runway apron set up for the open house cele­ bration. 

The aircraft, based at Bergstrom , 

 was returning from a training mission and was not a part of the military show at the base. It, along with several other like aircraft, had been at Mountan 
Home for several days, supporting military jet aircraft from Hill AFB in northern Utah flying training m is­ sions. 
Drake died shortly after he was pulled from the plane by rescue crews, 
Teague said. Rankin was taken to v 
Boise hospital some 5o miles north of the crash site where he died Saturday afternoon. 
Air F’oree officials said a board of officers has been appointed to inves­ tigate the crash. 
The aircraft hit the ground about IOO yards from the west end of the runway. 
Witnesses said they saw a “ puff of sm oke” and a “ ball of fire ” from w here the plane went down, but did not hear the crash. 

We*p o en tile grow 

The Sunday Express-News is get­ ting bigger and better— just like its readership. 

Beginning today readers will find a bigger and more beautiful San 
Antonio Star, featuring the best newspaper color photography avail­ a ble in San Antonio — and a huge pullout photo to prove it. 

Also today the T ravel Section moves into Section G, where it has grown from tabloid size into several full pages. Fine Arts and E nter­ tainment have also grown in size and moved to Section H. 

Many regular features remain in the Sunday E xpress-N ew s and many more will be found in Week­ ender, published Friday mornings in the Express and Friday evenings in The News. 

The former owner of Citizens 
State Bank of Carrizo Springs, 
E nrique M. S alin as, and his w ife, G retehen, have su rren ­ dered to authorities. 

Joseph 
O’Connell, special agent-in-charge of the San Antonio FBI office, said Saturday Salinas and his wife surrendered to the FBI and U.S. marshals in Del Rio Friday night. 
Salinas and his wife were taken to 
Uvalde County Jail. They appeared before U.S. Magistrate W. P. Wallace in Del Rio Saturday afternoon. 
Wallace set bond at $1oo,o9o for Sa­ linas and $5o,ooo for his wife. They then were returned to Uvalde in lieu of the bonds. 
Salinas and his wife were indicted last week by a federal grand jury in connection with federal banking viola­ tions involving the now-defunct Citi­ zens State Bank. 
Salinas, an F’agle Pass businessman, was named in 29 counts of the 49-count indictment. Mrs. Salinas was cited in four counts. 
U.S. Atty. John Clark said the in­ dictments covered 3o loan transactions involving some $1,912,8oo in alleged misapplications of bank funds. 

The federal indictm ent nam es 12 persons, including the Salinas couple. 

The FBI said the government was still seeking six of the 12 persons Saturday. 
Already arrested in connection with the indictment are Hon Guess, 3o. of 
8918 Wexford St.; Blanca Alicia de Al- duce, 39, of tragic Pass; Bicknell Eu­ banks III, 35, of Eagle Pass; and Urban 
Furrow , 73, of Carrizo Springs. 
Law enforcement officials are still seeking former Citizens Stale presi­ dent Lewis Woodul of Cotulla; former 
Citizens State co-chairman Dan San­ chez Jr. of Encinal; Salinas’ brother. 
Luis Salinas of Eagle Pass; Salinas' brother-in-law, Jose L. Flores of FJugle 
Pass and Monterrey Mexico; Atilano de la 
Garza of Muzquez, Mexico, and ranch foreman Jesus Davis of Muz­ quez, 
A second indictment charged former 
Citizens State P re sid e n t R ich ard 
George, 31, of Carrizo Springs with misapplying bank funds, conspiring to falsify bunk record s and m aking improper loans. He was freed on $5,oo1) bond Friday. 
If Enrique Salinas were convicted on all counts against him he could face a maximum of 21o years in prison and 
$215,OIH) in fines. 
Life’s easy for rich mutts 

 r Inside the Express-News 

Action/Express.............................tit 
A rts.................................................711 
Books............................................... t»H 
Business..........................................IG 
Classified...........................Section D 
Deaths..............................................SC 
Dedication Rew arded.................8G 
Editorials........................................4H 
Horoscope......................................SE 
Movies............................................HH 
Politics............................................211 
Chuckle 
In the old days, if a fellow liked a girl a lot. he’d give her his class ring. Nowadays, he lets her use his hair dryer. 

Scene...........................Sections E, F 
Soap O peras.................................. 2B 
S ports.............................. Section S 
W eather..........................................2C 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers..................................7E 
Dan Cook...................................... 2S 
Dan Klepper.............................. IWS 
Dear Abby................................ 7fc] 
Jack Anderson..............................4H 
Paul Thompson............................ 3A 

1 a.m. 
2 a m. 
3 a.m. 
4 a.m. 
5 a.m. 
6 a.m. 
7 a.m. 
8 a rn. 

S A T U R D A Y S T E M P E R A T U R E S 
9 am. 
1o a.m. 
11 a.m. noon 
1 p.m. 
2 p.m. 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. ll ITH YEAR NO. 67 
238 PAGES 

 midnight 69 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla. - 
Spot, Danny Boy and 36 other heirs to an oil fortune are grow­ ing old gracefully on a 2oo-acre estate in sunny Florida. 

They never have to worry about where their next meal or manicure is coining from — but ifs a dog’s life jusl the same. 
They are elderly members of a van­ ishing breed of millionaire mutts — the last survivors of 17o dogs who in­ herited $4 million from heiress Elean­ or Ritchey nine years ago. Estate of­ ficials say that sum has grown to $16 million through investments. 
The latest to go was Shakey, a 
17-year-old mongrel who died two weeks ago, apparently of old age. 
“ The will stipulated that the dogs she owned at the time of her death were to be eared for for 2o years or until they all died,” said Lowell C. 
Mott, a trust officer at the Century 
National Bank. “ At that tim e, the money reverts to the Scott .Small 

"Some have tried to smug­ gle their dogs'iii, hoping they would get better treatment’ 

Animal Research Center at Auburn 
University (in Auburn, Ala.) 
‘‘There was a lot of controv ersy about dogs receiving so much money. 
In her line of thinking they were her family, her children,” he said. 
Each dog has its own enclosure at a spacious kennel in this Atlantic Coast community IO miles north of Fort 
Lauderdale. They are fed and groomed by a staff of three workers headed by 
Warren Williams. 
Williams said his wards lead a rela­ tively Spartan life for m illionaires, eating a balanced diet of dog meal and water. Mott estimates upkeep on the dogs costs about $4,8oo a month. 
“ Their maintenance is superior to other dogs,” said Mott. “ Their toes are clipped regularly and their teeth are cleaned.” 
Mott said security m e a su re s, in­ 

 cluding a fence around the kennel, were necessary because of ‘‘indica­ tions in the past that there are some people who will try to kill or kidnap the dogs because they feel the money could be spent on people. 
Smuggle 

“ Some have tried to smuggle their dogs in, hoping they would get better treatment,” he said. 
Williams said the staff lets the dogs out of their cages a few at a time for exercise, “ but if we let too many out, they get into fights. Spot will let you pet him all day, but Danny Boy (an 
11-year-old terrier) is the worst. He doesn’t like anybody.” 
Dr. Ivan Frederickson, a Hollywood, 
Fla., veterinarian who visits the dogs twice a week, said the heirs and heir­ esses are mostly misfits whom Mrs, 
Ritchey collected from dog pounds and humane society shelters, 
“ They were her outlet, she had no real close friends,” said Frederickson, 
“ It may have been a little eccentric,, hut these dogs were her friends, they were loyal to her.” 

< . 

 it, ja r 
■ 
% 
- 
^ f ‘4 ' i I 

J rn 

■A lr 
...... 

W ARREN W ILLIAM S and SPOT 
AP WIREPHOTO 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
She won’t fiddle on, or under, Owens’ roof 

Country music singer Buck Owens must stop placing advertisements in newspapers asking his new wife to retu rn to him , a Superior Court commissioner has ruled. 

 dana Jai*. 33. won a tem p o rary restrain in g order Friday against Owens. 47. She also filed a petition to annul their m arriage which began May 
2 and got off to a shaky start when Owens fell off a horse and left her two days later. 

Since then. Owens said he has changed his mind and wants her to return. Inn she turned him down. 
Miss Jae. a fiddler in Owens* band, said his actions since the wedding are “ holding me up to ridicule and scorn by implying that I am a cruel, unfeeling and heartless person.” 
Miss due's attorney said she “ has made it clear she has no desire to be the fiddler on or under 
Buck Owens* roof anym ore.” 
'Beer Billy* Carter appears slimmer 

FILM director Roman Po­ lanski, charged w ith the rape of a I 3-year-old girl in 
Santa Monica, was denied defense motions for dismis­ sal, fo r a p relim in ary hearing concerning the girl s sexual history and for pre­ trial depositions from the girl — AP Wirephoto 

The P r e s id e n t’s y o u n g er brother. Billy, in Washington recently for the W hite House 
P h o to g ra p h e rs A ssociation d in n e r, a p p e a re d to h av e trimmed off about 15 pounds. 

Asked whether he got that way by quitting beer drink­ ing. Carter, whose fondness 

 for beer is now legendary, looked incredulous. 
“ I’ve cut out c a tin g ,” he said. 
While in W ashington, he slept rn the White House for the first tim e sin c e his brother m oved in. bedding down in the famous Lincoln bcd. to be exact. 

A SM ILING Patty Hearst arrives in Palm 
Springs, Calif., Thursday to visit her aunt, 
Rosalie Hearst. The newspaper heiress ar­ rived unannounced, with three b o d y­ guards, in her first trip away from the San 
Francisco area, where she has been living for more than a year — AP Wirephoto 
Two win awards for safe bug-killing methods 

Two scientists who work in a lit­ tle-known but important field, re­ search into eliminating crop-killing insects by natural and non-poison* 
Otis means, have won the Alexander 
Humboldt Award of $1(1.(HIO. 
It is given annually to persons 

 who have made the most significant contribution to American agricul­ ture. 

The award was presented at Cor­ nell University to Dr. Wendell Roe- lofs. p ro fe sso r of in se ct b io c h e­ 

 mistry there, and to Dr. Harry H. 
Shorey. professor of entom ology and biology at the University of Ca­ lifornia at Riverside. The two were cited for their work in the use of sex control for eliminating destructive insects. 

Bennett’s name joins his heart 

Singer Tony Bennett, who left his heart in San Francisco, returned to the city by the hay tn leave his name. 
Bennett dedicated the Tony Ben­ nett Plaza at the Mark Hopkins Ho­ 

 tel and Tony Bennett Terrace in a residential area. 
In town to entertain Saturday at tin* annual B oys’ Towns of Italy 
Ball, Bennett was also nam ed an honorary fire chief. 
State savings plan OKd 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
- 
Restless House members tentatively approved a bill Saturday to set aside nearly a half billion dol­ lars in oil and gas taxes for a savings account to use for g o v e rn m e n ta l emergencies. 
The House m ust vote again to get the bill to the 
Senate, and the crush of business in tin* last week could kill the proposal. 
It was the first Satur­ day session of the four- mouth-old legislature. 
Swindled rile vote total steadily dwindled during the day, and Speaker Bill Clayton finally aeepted a motion to quit until Monday w hen a vote showed only 
HT m e m b e rs — th ree short of a quorum for the 

15o-m em ber H ouse — were present. 
The House was only a little over halfw ay through a calendar of IO 
S enate bills when it recessed at H p.m. Sever­ al House m em bers were upset that Clayton had skipped over a calendar of 27 House proposals, which are alm o st c e r ­ tainly doomed for lack of time. 
The legislature m ust adjourn by midnight May 
3o. and the major effort is expected to be devoted to House-Senale confer­ ence c o m m itte e s on medical m alpractice in­ surance; “ sunset’’ legis­ lation w iping out 179 state agencies over the next 12 years unless the legislature extends their 
Jives; and public school 

Rep. Hill Pretrial protested that the *state has no business setting aside a savings accou n t " He said m o n ey not a c tu a lly n e e d e d to f i n a n c e sta te go• vermnment 'should be returned to the people 

 financing. 
Ten legislators trying to work out a c o m ­ promise on public school financing met for over an hour Saturday, then also quit until Monday. 
A savings account, said 
Rep. 
Lee Jackson, 
R- 
Dallas, is the only way lo avoid the 
“ constant pressure to spend every penny th a t we have available.’’ 
The House also a p ­ proved, 
123-4. a bill providing stiff penalties for anyone selling, d is­ trib u tin g or show ing 

 movies or photos of per­ sons under 17 engaging in or o bserving sexual acts. 
The bill, said Rep. 
Ralph W allace III, D- 
Houston, “ is designed to p rev en t c o u n tle s s p e r ­ versions or molestations of the minds and bodies of the youth of our state." 
In a s k in g W allace a qu estion. 
R ep. 
Bob 
McFarland, R-Arlington, referred to him as “ Mr. 
Clean." 
Violators could be sen­ tenced to up to IO years in prison and fined $5,ooo. 

SOFTAILORED BY LEBOW 
From our collection, a very sub­ dued plaid in d ark tan and gray-blue. Fine worsted com­ bined with polyester that will keep you comfortable through nine m onths of the year. 
Lebow’s continuing devotion to tailoring details, fine fabrics and conservative good taste are readily apparent, $245. 

411) M cCu l l o u g h 

A final vote on a con­ tro v ersia l m e a s u re c re a tin g a s ta te w id e probation sy ste m with s ta n d a rd s and m oney flowing from Austin to county courthouses was postponed until Wednes­ day. -»• 
Also postponed — until 
Tuesday — was another vote on a proposed con­ stitutional am endment to allow electronic banking. 
A 92-34 vote Friday was eig h t short of the required two-thirds approval. 
Reclassified 
Returned to the Senate with an amendment was a bill upgrading the 33 domestic relations courts to 
“ fam ily d is tric t co u rts,” m ean in g they will be subsidized by the state and th e ir ju d g e s will come under the gen­ erous Texas Judicial Re­ tirement System. 
Also sent to the Senate w ere House bills th a t would: 
• P e rm it p e rso n s to pay 
$1o and have removed from their birth certificates indications th a t they w ere ii- legimate. 
• A uthorize g r a p e growers to produce wine in dry areas. 
• R equire school d is­ tricts to participate in the fed eral 
“ fre e or reduced-price breakfast” program if 25 per cent of the children in the d is­ trict are eligible for the program. 
• P u t p erso n s u n d e r court supervision after a 

 first offense for glue or paint sniffing. 
The sa v in g s account proposal by Rep. Ron 
C olem an, D-El P aso, would be established by allocating 2o per cent of oil and gas revenues to a special reserve fund. 

Also te n ta tiv e ly a p ­ proved was a House bill that would c re ate a $5 million energy develop­ ment fund to pay Texas college r e s e a r c h e r s to find en erg y so u rces to replace Texas’ dwindling supplies of oil and gas. 
The House tentatively approved, 94-35, a Senate bill instructing the Texas 
E d u catio n Agency to train te ac h e rs to teach the “ positive value of a basically private e n te r­ prise ec o n o m y .” 

In a long afternoon session, the House tenta­ tively approved Senate bills that would: 
• Perm it companies to condem n land for the storage of natural gas in underground reservoirs. 
• T ra n s f e r the E ast 
Texas Chest Hospital to the University of Texas system. 
• Require the governor to submit reports every two years on the organ­ ization and efficiency of state agencies. 
• C reate 14 new d is ­ trict courts. 
•C reate an energy ad­ visory council of not m ore than 2o persons, including the lieutenant governor, sp e ak e r and attorney general. 
• Authorize the mental health d e p a rtm e n t to charge for genetic coun­ seling. 
• Give local communi­ ties the option of raising the maximum load limits for ready-m ix concrete trucks. 

HOUSTON ST. AT BROADWAY 

DOWNTOWN o:3o TO 5:3o MON THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE omens 
■ rnmnanv comranv 
SUBURBAN 9:3o TO 6:oo MON. THRU SAT. 
ALL MAJOR CREDirCARDS HONORED 

Korean CIA has resumed harassments 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — The South Korean Central 
Intelligence Agency appears to have resumed a campaign of threats against Korean residents of the 
United States who are critical of President Park 
Chung Hee’s government. 
Korean residents in this area said there had been a lull for several months, presumably as a result of publicity arising from allegations of improprieties by the intelligence agency and the recall of senior agency officers. 
In the last several days, however, since the arrival of a new station chief, reportedly named Chung Tae 
Dong, in the Korean Embassy here and a new crackdown by the Seoul government on dissidence in 
South Korea, at least four persons here received threats, according to Korean residents. Two of those allegedly threatened had been publicly critical of the Park government, and two more were active behind the scenes. 
Fears 
The government in Seoul evidently fears opposi­ tion by Koreans here because it reaches the ears of 
American leaders who influence the military, poll-, tical and economic support the United States gives to 
Korea. Dissent here also filters back to Korea, and the government fears that it will encourage anti-go­ vernment feeling there. 

Castillo seeks to humanize treatment o f 
U.S. immigrants 

W ASHINGTON p o s t s e r v ic e 
“ Your grandparents and mine were the hard-working imm i­ grants who used to come to America,” a senior Immigration and 
Naturalization Service official once told a reporter, “ but the sort of people who are coming now - well, it’s like mixing cheap soda pop with your best Scotch Whiskey.” 

Leone! J. Castillo, who was sworn in 
May 13 as the new INS commissioner, says the “ cheap soda pop” image ex­ emplifies a negative attitude toward im m igrants that must be changed if the INS is to serv e as an effective agency for regulating immigration to the United States. 
The 37-year-old Castillo, who was city com ptroller of Houston for five years, is the first Mexiean-American to hold the top INS post. Since the great waves of im m igration from eastern and southern E urope began around 
188o, the job of running the INS has never been held by anyone who shared an ethnic background with the arriving immigrants. 
The largest numbers of immigrants to the United States today come from 
Mexico, other parts of Latin America, the West Indies and Asia. They include a p p ro x im ate ly 4oo,ooo legal im m i­ g ran ts a year and an u n d eterm in ed number of illegal immigrants. 
“ One of the biggest problems is the 
INS tends to look at itself only as a law -enforcem ent a g e n c y ,” Castillo says. “ INS doesn’t exist just to keep out people who w ant to e n te r the country illegally. W'e also exist to pro­ vide a whole variety of services for im m igrants who are here legally. 
“ The INS, like every police force, tends to become hardened, because it sees nothing but trouble. You do get 
INS agents with the mentality of the im m igrant as cheap soda — that goes for legal as well as illegal imm igrants 
— and those agents become part of the problem themselves. 

Same desires 

“ Regardless of whether you’re say­ ing yes or no to an imm igrant. I think it s necessary to realize they aren't all that different from our grandparents. 
My grandfather crossed over the Rio 
Grande at Brownsville in 188o, paid a n ic k el and b e c a m e an 
American citizen. T hat’s all it took. Now the economic con­ dition of the United States is different, but the im m igrants th e m se lv e s have the s a m e desires.” 
Castillo is taking over at 
INS in the midst of a growing controversy over what to do about illegal immigration but he says his first task is to deal w ith the “ a d m in is t r a tiv e n ig h tm a r e ” w ithin his 
■■■■m agency. 
Unlike the outgoing commissioner, 
Gen. Leonard F. Chapman Jr., Castillo is not willing to venture any guesses about the n u m b e r of illegal im m i­ grants. 
Castillo says he feels “ Like an a r ­ chitect who's been asked to design a building without knowing how many stories high it is .. . The fact is we just don’t know how many illegals there are. or exactly what their impact is on the economy. How can you deal with ov erall policy until you’ve got a grip on adm inistration?” 
He has several policy changes in mind that he hopes will make the INS m ore hum ane as well as m ore effi­ cient. 

Re-deployment 

One of the more important changes would be a re-deployment of INS per­ sonnel to concentrate on apprehend, ing illegal entrants on the U.S. - Mexi­ can border and at airports rather than in large cities. Castiilo is opposed to 
INS activities like the roundup that took place in W ash in g to n last No­ v em b e r at a so ccer g a m e between team s from Peru and El Salvador. 
The g a m e tu rn e d into a panic- stricken melee as illegal im m igrants jum ped into the Tidal Basin or run away from the INS agents. 
Castillo says, “ We can turn back IO tim es as many people at the borders and airports — in a humane and sen­ sible way — as we can in the interiors of urban communities. I’m not saying we’re going to stop apprehending ille­ gals in the cities, but I think w e’re likely to confine our activities more in response to specific complaints. 
“ The kind of thing there’s been so much about in the newspapers, sweeps through blocks of apartm ent build­ ings or at soccer gam es or whatever 
— I don’t see much point in it. This sort of thing cau ses bad feeling in m in o rity c o m m u n itie s , w h eth e r 
SASD to get pool 

The San Antonio School 
D istrict is com pleting plans for an olympic-size swimming pool adjacent to Lanier High School. 
The district is provid­ ing the land for the pool and will provide person­ nel to maintain it. The city is applying for fe­ deral funds to complete the project. 
D istric t high school swimming teams will use the pool for practice ses­ sions. 
The pool will be open to the public after school hours, on weekends and during the sum m er. 

LEONEL CASTILLO they're Hispanic, Chinese, whatever. 
“ It causes bad feeling among Am er­ ican citizens with foreign accents as well as among im m igrants. And it’s not an efficient use of the taxpayers’ m oney. You need a lot m o re INS agents to catch one illegal Immigrant in apartment in Los Angeles than you do on the border.” 
Other ideas 
Some of Castillo’s other ideas for improv ing the efficiency of the INS in dealing with both legal and illegal im­ migrants include: 
• 
Standardizing allen registration cards. There are now 17 different types of cards held by more than 4.5 million people; the INS is m ore than a year behind in a project to come up with a uniform card. 
• Negotiating an agreement with the 
Labor Department to hire young peo­ ple as clerk s so that b o rd er-p a trol agents do not have to spend their time 

The new INS chief says the 
'cheap so d a p o p 
’ im a g e ex­ emplifies a negative attitude toward imm igrants that must be c h a n g e d i f the INS is to serve as an effective agency f o r regulating immigration 

 typing. The agreem ent would be de­ signed to prov ide jobs for unemployed youths. 
• Bringing in "auditors” to pose as im m igrants and test the efficiency an co u rtesy of INS offices around th e country, Castillo has used the auditing technique for y ea rs in his work as comptroller in Houston. 
• 
Reading Mexican newspapers to anticipate “ pressure points” along the b o rd e r. “ W h en ev er you rea d th a t there’s been an earthquake or an agri­ cultural disaster or a factory closing somewhere in Mexico,” Castillo says, 
“ You.can almost predict that there’s going to be a new flow of illegals ut a c e rta in point on the b o rd e r. T his sounds like a small thing to do, but small things are often the most prac­ tical.’’ 
Castillo also wants INS officials a r­ ound the country to stop testifying in favor of state bills to. penalize em ­ ployers of illegal immigrants. With the encouragem ent of outgoing Com m is­ sioner Chapman. INS officials in New 
York and m any other a re a s of the country have given strong public support to proposed state legislation after Congress failed to pass a bill penalizing employers. 
“ This is a national problem ,” Cas­ tillo says, “ Ifs not just a problem on the Mexican border it’s not a problem involving im m ig r a n ts from one country. We c a n ’t deal with it on a,t piecemeal basis, with laws framed by > special-interest groups on the basis of* geography or racism or som e paro­ chial economic interest.” 
A lthough C astillo d isa g re e s with* 
Chapman on many issues, he is grate­ ful to his predecessor for having fo-, fused public interest on immigration issues. 
“ No one used to pay any attention to im m igration at a ll,” he says. “ Now people do pay attention, even if the d e b a te is so m e tim e s p re tty u n i n ­ formed.” 

NURSERY 
8 6 5 o Bandera Road 

St. A ugustin* (C arpet) 
^ 
^ 
GRASS . . .FULL P A LLE T 
*q. yd. 
LISS THAN A FULL PALLET.............. 
1 . 1 7 h i- yd 
^ W eath er P erm itting ) 

Com plete in v e n to ry of shrubs, trees & h a rd lin e s. 
2 o % D i« ® « n tfd 
COMPIETS 
PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 

. 
TREES PLANTS f V j F SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Visit Our 
Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday “FARM TO Y O U" m , 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

OREN Daily 8-7 P.M. 
684-211o 

By JERRY DEAL 

OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 
HOUSTON — ‘‘I am not guilty of murder and I think my case will be tried again ,” Vernon 
Eugene McManus calm ly said from the Harris County Jail Sa­ turday. 

“ We’ll win that one,” he added. 
A district court jury here Thursday found McManus guilty of capital murder and Friday returned with a death sentence. 
McManus, 34. appeared as relaxed as he did throughout the trial, which lasted two weeks, and during seven weeks of selecting a jury. 
The former San Antonio MacArthur 
High School coach was convicted of killing Baytown contractor and Mrs. 
Paul Cantrell in a plot with their daughter. Paula Cantrell Derese, for the couple’s estate and insurance money. 
The Cantrells were slain July 24. 
They were beaten, strangled and their throats were slashed. 
“ You don’t know what freedom is until you've been in here,” he said. 
“ It’s really hard for the average per­ son to really appreciate freedom. 
“ I think a lot of my family, I want to see them all the time. I haven’t even had a chance to talk to my baby girl.” 
McManus said the reason he didn’t testify in his own defense was he didn’t believe the state had made a case against him. 
No comment 
He had no comment on Mrs. Der- ese’s testimony that McManus was the instigator in the slaying of her parents. 
“ I ’m not even going to comment on her. What can I say? To tell what I really think wouldn't help any,” he said. 
A more gentle and kind side of 
McManus than what was reflected in courtroom testimony was given by a former girlfriend, in another inter­ view. 
“ He could be so generous, helpful, kind and considerate,” said Mrs. 
Joyce St. Clair, who Friday testified for the state in its arguments McMan­ us should be given the death penalty. 
"He liked to do things on the spur of the moment, he could really be fun,” said the 36-year-old attractive blonde. 
“ But he could change so quickly. 
One time I was late meeting him from a doctor’s appointment and he explod­ ed when I met him. He even beat the walls with his fists. 
“ I think Vernon has a split persona­ lity,” she said. 
“ I know' a lot of people in San An­ tonio liked him, because we went there once and visited. Lots of his former ballplayers came by the house we were staying in to see him and wish him well.” 
Youngest coach 

McManus was at MacArthur from 
1967 through 197o. He was the youngest 
AAAA head football coach in Texas in 
1968 and 1969. He left to take a coach­ ing job at Lamar University. 

Mrs. St. Clair testified Friday 
McManus had told her he hired a pro­ fessional killer from Dallas to kill her husband. 
This occurred, she said, when she reunited with her husband after refus­ ing to marry McManus. She testified her estate is worth $1 million. 
“ I feel so much better ifs over, I feel safe now,” she said. “ I really was afraid he might kill me and my fami­ ly.” 
Mrs. St. Clair said she had numerous threatening phone calls from McMan­ us that she didn’t tell about in court. 
She did testify the former All-Amer­ ican football player at one time had tried to extort money from her. 
Mrs. SI. Clair’s daughter, Tern, 211, also told how McManus took her and her brother on outings and how well he treated her elderly grandfather. 

Apparent error 
Don Smith and Mark Vela, McMan­ us’s attorneys, said there are several points of apparent error in rulings in the lengthy trial. They will seek a re­ trial and, if denied, will appeal "as soon as possible,” Smith said. 
Smith said the first error is that 
Hist. Judge I. D. McMaster overruled two attempts to get the case moved to another county, despite testimony by two judges and news reporters that 
McManus could not receive a fair trial here. 

They also charged McMaster limited their questions to prospective jurors about publicity. 

“ The court refused to allow into evi­ dence a a stenographic pad belonging to Mrs. Derese which contained two letters she wrote that alluded to prob­ lems with her estranged husband and murder which might appear as an ac­ cident,” Smith said. 

With a storage area hooked to ifs system, Lo-Vaca could simply divert gas from storage into the system and maintain full service. 
The proposed storage area could supply San Antonio’s average daily gas needs for a month witnesses said. 
With final House approval, Traeger’s bill must be returned to the Senate, where agreement lo House amend­ ments is required before if can be sent lo the governor for signing into law. 
Traeger said earlier he expected no problems from senators in concurring in the House amendments. 
Gov. Dolph Briscoe has already en­ dorsed the gas storage idea and his signature appears assured. 
Surprisingly, the* one thing that led to more than three weeks of delay on 
Traeger’s bill in the Senate didn’t slow proceedings Saturday in the house. 
No mention 
There was int mention made of Lo- 
Vaca. Senators had voiced early opposition to Traeger’s bill because it was believed to be a bill benefiting the 
Coastal States Gas Corp. Subsidiary. 
It took a lot of persuasion, Traeger admitted, to overcome this opposition and convince senators the bill was really for the benefit of customers. 
Eureste lo speak al Dulac dinner 

City. Councilman Bernardo Kureste w ill address a Northside Lulac Council dinner Monday. 
Eureste will speak on “ The Image of the Mexican-American — Past, Pre­ sent and Future.” 
R. L. “ Bob” Montalvo, a Lulac district director - elect, will also speak. 
The council’s officers will be inf stalled at the dinner at 7 p.m. at Alamo 
Lours Corp. building, 43oo West Ave. 

If s 
Jam es A very 
For Graduation 

The talents of Kerrville* James Avery are never more obvious and never more appreciated than at gift-giving times. The examples sketched are but a few from the beautiful hand-crafted collection in sterling silver and 14k gold now and always available at The Harris Shop for 
Pappagallo. Prices start at 1.75. 

THE HARRIS SHOP FOR PAPPAGALLO 

671o N. N EW BRAUNFELS 
828-2281 
BankAmericard & MasterCharge 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 

Son Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday May 22 1977 
H ♦ 

Tom Terrific is Mighty Mouth 

If they want to save that fragile out-of-court lawsuit settlem ent with Coastal States 
Gas Corp., it might be a good idea to forbid Tom Berg to pontificate in public from now on, especially before the new 
City Council. 
City Public Service Chairman Berg has a chilling “ I-wrote-the-book” manner. He is cocky, full of himself and very paternalistic about CPS. To hear this man talk, you’d think he owned the huge billion-dollar city utility. 
It has ever been thus with Berg. To say he tries hard and doesn’t “ mean” to give off 

 those vibes simply isn’t good enough because that is how he always comes through. 
Take last Tuesday’s briefing session with the City Council during which seven freshman members were supposed to be clued in for the first time on status and outlook of the Coastal out-of-court agreement. 

Torn Berg got up and read an eight-page prepared address that had the effect of alienating nearly everyone present. 

It praised the incumbent CPS board under 
Berg for going to a coal-burning power plant four years ago. calling this “ a most impres­ sive accomplishment.” 
In an aside, it pronounced today’s indepen­ dent CPS board, as opposed to City Council control, a far superior setup. 

Then it categorically stated that the Coastal settlement “ will be completed,” just as if the council members sitting right there couldn't kill it that very afternoon. 
Berg at one point said, “ About I'-j years ago, I negotiated the agreement with the 
Lo-Vaca management to move to San Anton­ io" — completely ignoring all the hassling 
City-CPS attorneys and others went through before that item went into the agreement with 
Coastal. 

Going a step further — and entirely on his own — Berg called for lopping from 14 to 8 per cent the city’s take on CPS gross billings, and hiking property taxes to make up the difference. 

“ Our recommendation would save consumers about $13 million per year,’’ said* 
Berg. 

Mayor Lila Cockrell, who must have been amazed at ail that "we” stuff, cut in to re­ mind Mr. Berg that he was speaking only for himself. 

Noting that she was an active member of the CPS board. Mayor Cockrell made it clear that the gross percentage cut was not board policy and had never even been presented to the board for a vote. 

Chairman Berg, totally unfazed, agreed with Her Honor and then went right on pon­ tificating. 

Toward the end of his speech, this time speaking for the full ruling hierarchy of 
Coastal States and Lo-Vara, he said, " I can assure you they want to complete the settle­ ment as approved Jan. 24. It is not correct to say they are trying to get out of the agreement.” 

And that was that. " I have spoken ” 
To say Berg’s omniscient tone turned off the greater part of his listeners that day would be something of an understatement. 
No doubt reflecting the thoughts of other newly elected city dads. Councilman Bernar­ do Eureste bluntly told Berg he didn’t like the board chairman’s attitude. 
"You come across,” said Eureste, "as if you were talking down to us " 
And to show how effective Tom Berg s long-stemmed, overweening address really was, two days later — Thursday — the council came within ONE VOTE of rejecting his ad­ vice, throwing out the Coastal agreement and heading back into court against Oscar Wyatt. 
Like I say, if there’s any hope at all of preserving that out-of-court settlement, they should put a muzzle on Tom "Terrific" Berg and forbid him to set foot inside City Hall. 
Gas storage o bill advances 

DICK MERKEL 
C H IO , EXPRESS NEW S CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — It took the House less than five m inutes Saturday to approve a bill clearing the way for establishm ent of an un­ derground natural gas storage area for San Antonio. 

Without debate or a dissenting vote, 
SB8o1 by Sen. John Traeger of St^guin was passed to third and final reading. 
Final passage is expected to come when the House returns to work Mon­ day. 
SB8o1 apparently clears the way for 
San Antonio’s gas supplier. Lo-Vaca 
Gathering Co., to complete a planned reservoir to hold I billion cubic feet of natural gas. 
The area has been described as “ in 

 or near San Antonio” and the project cost has been estimated at $65 million. 
SB8oI would give Lo-Vaca, or any other gas supplier, the right of emin­ ent domain to condemn land necessary to complete a gas storage project. 
Such condemnation would require approval of the stat** Railroad Com­ mission, which would be given only after finding that: 
• The Project is in tilt; public inter­ est; 
• two-thirds of the storage field rights have already been acquired and condemnation is necessary to acquire the balance; 
• the propose storage area is at least 
75 per cent depleted as a gas field; 
• the field is only to he used for gas storage and once this use ceases all lease holdings and royalty interests will be returned to the original owners. 
McManus still claims that he’s not guilty 

The bill’s House sponsor. Rep. John* 
Wilson of La Grange, also succeeded inj attaching what he said was a vital* amendment to the bill. 
Amendment 
The amendment would make all gas! held in storage the property of the* participating utility customer and re ! quire it must be delivered to the* 
( ustomer by the storer. 
This, Wilson said, would prevent the/ federal government from coming ni and taking stored gas should President 
Carter’s request to allocate intrastate gas be approved by Congress. 
“ This would assure the gas iii stor­ age is already the property of the customers and not subject to allocation by the federal government for ship­ ment somewhere else in the country,” 
Wilson told the House. 
Passage of Traeger’s bill has been considered vital lo San Antonio and other customers of Lo-Vaca in the state. 
Witnesses testifying on the bill before Senate and House committees have said the storage area would greatly reduce the danger of curtail­ ment of gas during times of peak use. 
At those times — particularly in the winter and summer when demands for natural gas are highest 
— line pressures on the Lo-Vaca system often drop to the point where gas delivery is sharply curtailed. 
Divert gas 
Sunday 
Xx^ id e a s 

“Indoors, 
- outdoors. 
// all around the River City 

(Free events, unless otherwise indicat­ ed, for you and your family today.) 

THE ATER — 
Theater San Antonio’s 
"The Princess and the P e a " at 2 p.m. 
Tickets are SI. 

THEATER — "A Musical M ark Tw ain" at the Arneson River Theater at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are S3.5o. 

T H E A T E R — 
St. P h ilip ’s C ollege’s 
"M iss Ju lie" at 8 p.m. in the auditorium. 
Tickets are S2. 

T H E A T E R — 
M elodram a T heater's 
"The Black Guard of Blackrock" at 6:3o p.m. Tickets are S3 for adults and S2 for children. 

T H E A T E R 
— 
C hurch 
T h e a te r's 
"Private Lives" at 3 p.m. at 115o S. Alamo 
St. Tickets are $4. 

CONCERT — 
Texas Bach Choir at St. 
Luke's Episcopal Church, ll St. Lu ke’s 
Lane, at 8 p.m. 

FI L M — The New York School’s film on abstract expressionism art at the Witte 
Museum at 1:3o and 7:3o p.m. 

ART SHOW — 
Phil Brooks and Anna 
Mullone at Ziay Gallery on River Square from 2 to 5 p.m. 

AR T F E S T I V A L — 
W in d cre st A rt 
F e stiv a l at R e su rre ctio n 
E p is c o p a l 
Church, 59o9 ;alzem Road, from I to 6 p.m. 

ART SHOW & SALE — 
Ferdinand Ro­ te! Galleries Traveling Exhibit at Theater 
San Antonio, San Pedro Playhouse, from 2 to 6 p.m. 

FIESTA — Institute of Texan Cultures' 
"Fiesta Filipino" from 3 to 5 p.m. 

EX H IB IT — Argentine Silver Exhibit at the Witte Museum from IO a m. to 6 p.m. 
Voluntary contribution suggested. 

CONCERT — 
Parks and Recreation 
Department’s Tempo '77 from 2 to 4 p.m. at the Brackenridge Park Sunken G a r­ dens. 

FLE A M A R K E T — 
Fam e r’s M arket 
Flea Market from IO a.m. to 4 p.m. . 
Officer gels 

Medical Assn. presidency 

Brig. Gen Howard Unger of Brooks 
AFB has assumed the presidency of the Aerospace Medical Assn. 

Unger is the Aerospace Medical 
Division Commander at Brooks. 

The Aerospace Medical Assn. is an international organization. 

Its objectives include advancing the science, art and professionalism of aerospace medicine, according to 
Unger. 
“ The association also promotes, protects and maintains the health and safety of man in aviation, space and 
.undersea environments,” said Unger. 

OBEDIENTLY awaiting the command of his master, Chris Cole, is this Weimeraner, who won First Place in obedience Saturday at 
Olmos Park. 
Police ’copter tracks suspect 

By MARK VILLANUEVA 

A foot chase Saturday ended the escape attempt of a man who allegedly held up two San Antonio grocery stores. 
The man was arrested in the 44oo block of Mercury Drive after he lost his footing in a low water crossing while trying to elude police officers and a hovering police helicopter. 
Saturday night, Arthur Satterwhite, 
27, of 2o8 Ira Aldredge St., was charged with two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. 
He was ordered jailed by Night Ma­ gistrate Michael O’Quinn after Satter- white failed to post bonds totaling 
$5o,ooo. 
Officers said the man had been spotted shortly before the capture by police helicopter pilot Edward Adame, who guided officers to the man. 
Cash, pistol 

About $1,8oo in cash and a .38 caliber revolver were recovered by the officers. 
A second man, believed to be the getaway driver, was being sought by police. 
The series of events began about 8:5o a.m. at the Handy Andy Supermarket at 34o1 San Pedro Ave., where a gun­ man, brandishing a .38 caliber re­ volver, demanded money from a store clerk, police said. 
Officers reported the man fled in an 

 automobile north on San Pedro 
Avenue. 
About an hour later, police were summoned to the H.E.B. Food Store at 
1o15 S. WAV. White Road, where a gunman walked to the office and asked clerk Elizabeth Skelton, 26, “ Can you give me all your fives, tens and twenties?” 

Police said he then brandished a gun before fleeing from the store. 
Followed 

An off-duty deputy shierff, Earl Ri­ chardson, 45, working as a security guard at the store, observed the rob­ bery and followed the man, officers said. 
Officers said the man briefly avoided capture by running through a resi­ dence backyard and dodging several officers searching through nearby steels. 
Helicopter pilot Adame spotted the man running through the backyards of homes in the 44oo block of Mercury 
Drive, about six blocks north of the store. 
“ I saw him running and he matched the description the dispatcher gave me,” Adame said. 
“ I then directed Sgt. Richard Haver- lah, whose vehicle was north of the man.” 

The suspect fell into the water where he was apprehended shortly after IO 

SHELLY HUFFMAN, left, shows of the form of her English Springer Spaniel Saturday at the third annual 4-H Dog Show at Olmos Park. At right, Douglas Cole walks while his Dalmatian sits during obedience trials in the District I 3 elimination for 4-H Club members in I 9 South Texas counties. — 
Staff Photos by Steve Campbell. 

IMM* 
SHOW 

Save 6.5o-7.5o! long sleeve "Doubler' shirt 

Now 
6.5o- 7.5o 

O rig. 13.oo-15.9o. For dress or casual occasions, the Doubler is the perfect long sleeve shirt. Choose from assorted colors with contrast double stitching. In ma­ chine wash and dry polyester, sizes 14V2- 
17. Dress Shirts, all stores. 

Save 25.1o-5o.1o! 
Special group of suits 

O rig. 95.oo-15o.oo. Clearance prices on famous label suits in assorted summer styles, fabrics and colors. Mens Clothing, all stokes except Las Palmas. 

 pqgg> 
4 »A 
Son A ntoni^) EXPRESS N F ^ S ;^ S u n d o y_ M ay 22 1 9 7 7 

Save 2.o1-3.o1. on short sleeve "Debonair" shirts 

O rig . 8.oo-9.oo. Stock up now on men's short sleeve shirts from Kentfield, in easy wash, easy dry polyester- cotton. Choose from a vari­ ety of colors, in sizes IAV2 - 
17. Dress Shirts, all stores. 
Just say "Charge it!" 

Save 3.o1-7.o1 on famous maker jeans for young men 

Oriel. 18.oo-26.oo. Jeans in cool cotton, some with stitching ac­ cents and leather trim. Great savings. In denim and natural, sizes 28-36. 442 I D, Shop, all stores, except Las Palmas. 

FIESTA! 

M ARIACHI D U R A N G O entertains visitors to Saturday*s M ental Health Fiesta Satur- 
A d a y at El M ercado. Sponsored by Bexar 
County M ental Health and M ental Retar- 
J dotian Center and other local community 
I agencies, the fiesta featured live music, 
| games, and arts and crafts as well as other 
I entertainm ent. — S ta ff Photos by Pat 
Ham ilton 
I 
FOOD. 

PRETTY Lillian Reyes displays a w inning sm ile as she prepares to baste shish-ke- babs over a coal fire. The M ental Health 
Fiesta also featured a marathon run from the dow ntow n Y M C A to El M erca d o by several local governm ental o fficia ls and clients from the Southwest M ental Health 
Unit. 
FIT 

BELTING out a little tune during the fiesta is Juanita La Bandido, who along with her 
M ariachis provided a lively atm osphere. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

 each Soto'day. Sunday ond Lobo' Dor. Thonks9,v,n9 Day, and on July 4 Ch'.stmos 
Day too* YOO's Coy, .hon they occu' Mondoy through friday A ko published-on o Monday when July 4 . Christmas Coy. New Year s Day foils on o preceding Sunday 

 w 
By The Express-News Corporation 
A O too 21, I 
Antonio, Tesos 7829? 
Second Closs Postage pa«d at 
San Antonio, Texas 
Reg.strodo conto orhculo de 2do close el 29 de Enero 1922. en lo Adm,n„t.ooen de Co.'eos 
•n Nuevo Laredo, Tomes 
Mexico 

AU communications should be addossed to Son Antonio Express or Son Antonio Newt. Thie newspaper w ill not be 'eiponsible for monuscripts Or photograph! no' solicited fot puhiicot'On 

Inside Te*as 
M orn ing 4 Sunday 
M orn ing O n 'y 
Evening 4 Sunday 
Evening QWy.... 

Sunday O n ly . 
. . . 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

(Races abote include soles tos I 

I Mo 

SS 49 

54 65 
55 o7 
S4 41 
S3 21 

6 MOS 

S28 l l 
S23 «o 
S26 13 
S23 o5 
S ip IS 

I Y ' 

S54 74 
S4* I I 
SSO S i 
$44 54 
S3o SS 

OTHER STATES 
M o '-n g 4 Sundoy 
. . . . . . . 
SS 51 
S 3 1 34 
Morning Only 
SS 2o 
$27 47 
Evening & Sundoy 
$5 4 5 
S3o 25 
E .em ngO nly u 
79 
$ 26 5Q 

Sundoy O nly 
$3 48 
$16 95 

 iSuEstnfhens outside to,os ore not silken ie to, I 

Home dohve'y monthly roles in Son Antonio Morning ond Sunijoy. S3 4o o4' month (includes taxi 6 d a y Morning only, $2 7o pe'month (includes to,) Sundoy dnly — 4 Sundoy -.$ 1 47 per month (includes tax); 5 Sunday — $1 84 aer month (includes to il 
CO M BINATION RATE Morning, Eren.ng, Saturday ond Sundoy. $4 35 per month. 

SO' 17 
$53 75 
SSS 9d 
SSI 43 
$32 74 

Bush: More 
Red agents than ever 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sunday May 22 1977 
H 

M i 
M I 

I 
AL i 

 jtOM W lED WOW WWE SERVICES 
♦AUSTIN — F o rm e r 
CUA d ire c to r George 
Bush said Saturday there are more Soviet agents in the United States than ever before. 
A reporter asked Bush in a broadcast interview if the presence of KUB agents is illegal and he replied: “ It’s not illegal, but th ey ’re not sitting around here attend in g 
Girl Scout cookie fetes.” 
♦ ‘‘We've got a KUB problem in this country and our counter-intelligence hands are tied." he said. 
Report critical o f education 
LOS ANGULUS - The first national appraisal of the educational perfor­ mance of American stu­ dents with a Spanish heritage concludes they learn substantially less in school than do other whites but, on the aver­ age, learn m pre than blacks. 
. The study does not go into reasons for the dif­ ference. but groups re p re se n tin g Mexican* 
Americans and Puerto 
Hicans are expected to attem p t to use the findings to show that most schools do not now meet the special needs of children from hom es where Spanish is the na­ tive tongue. 
Results of the study were released by the 
Education Commission of the States, a federally financed organization that periodically assessee the educational achieve­ ment of students around the country. 
"T h e data stron gly suggests that Hispanic students do not receive equal benefits from the education system of the country — the m ere availability of public education is simply not enough,” said .Jose Mar­ tinez, a California state 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 r» F t 
H if 
Ai 

I 
I* 

V f.f 

I 
J lf Hi 

 bilingual education spe­ cialist who filed a com­ mentary in conjunction with the report. 

S. Africa OKs 
American stand 
WASHINGTON 
- 
South Africa has .secretly promised to insure that 
Rhodesian Prime Minis­ ter lan Smith complies with any American-Bri- tish deal setting up black rule in Rhodesia. 
Qualified d ip lom ats disclosed the pledge by 
P rim e M inister John 
V orster as the South 
African leader ended two days of discussion with 
Vice President Walter 
Mondale in Vienna. 
J’h e W ashington- Lon - don plan, which Smith himself has reluctantly accepted, dispenses with the need to call for a constitution-w riting con­ ference of the kind that collapsed last January in 
Geneva. 

Carter won't aid Vietnam 

WASHINGTON 
—President Carter says lie hopes the Israeli elec­ tion will not be a step backward for 
Mideast peace prospects and that lie won't honor former 
President Richard Nix­ on’s promise of more than $4 billion in aid to 
North Vietnam. 
Carter, in an interview with new spaper and broadcast news execu­ tives, also said he has seen no indication from 
Cuban P re m ie r Fidel 
Castro that Cuba is in­ terested in restoring di­ plomatic relations with the United States. 

.Am 

One giant leap fo r chickenhood 

RIO GRANDE, Ohio (AP) — A Japanese blacktail bantam named Kung Flewk set a world record for prolonged chicken flight, fluttering 297 feet, 2 inches into a headwind Saturday to capture first place in 
•the International Chicken Flying Meet. 
Kung Flewk’s flight nearly doubled the old mark and took the top prize of $5oo. More than IOO hens and roosters were flown from a starting pad atop a mail box. 
" I t ’s really nothing m ore than a sm all farm chicken,” said a spokesman for the bird’s owner, 
Oscar Cope. 
Cope selected Kung Flewk for the flight from several potential contestants in his stable “ because it was the only one he could catch this morning,” the spokesman said. "It was a very scientific selection process.” 
The previous w orld record w as I GT feet 2 inches, set by an English game hen in 1973. 
Birds from as far away as Holland and Bolivia were entered in the chicken flying meet at Bob 
Evans’ farm in this southern Ohio village. 
Some trainers had expressed concern that the wind might cut the length of some flights. But at least one official discounted that view. 
“We tested these chickens — uphill, downhill, into the wind, with the wind,” said Lee Durieux, secre­ tary of the International Chicken Flying Association. 
“ You never know what these dumb things are going to do.” 
Judges kept a wary eye during morning weigh-ins lest someone try to enter a pheasant or quail, said 
Dr. Clyde Marsh, an Ohio State University veterin­ arian and a contest official. 
"The thing is there’s always the possibility of a cross-bred bird or quail being brought in to enter,” said Marsh. “ After all, last year somebody tried to enter a mechanical chicken.” 
Marsh presided at the weighing and said he also was assigned to make sure the birds are not mis­ treated or abused during the competition. 
“The chicken is a land bird,” Marsh said. “ He has long legs and flying is an a lte rn a te m ean s of movement.” 
“ I think the ones that fly the best are the ones that want to get away from people.” 
V 
Traffic accidents claim lives o f two 

A 5-year-old boy struck y a pickup and a local arpet salesm an died allowing separate traf- ic-reiated accid en ts 
Ullin an hour of each tiler Saturday. 
Dead following the mi- hups were Alfred Rodri- uez Jr., 5, son of Mr. rid Mrs. Jesus Alfred 
Rodriguez Sr., 222 Globe t., and 
George 
A. chauer, 47, 5119 Crusade 
•rive. 
The Rodriguez youth as pronounced dead on rrival at Green Hospital ii lowing the 6 p.m. acc­ ident in the 2oo block of 
Hobe Street. 
Officers said the youth as struck as he rode his icyele out of a driveway ear his home. Driver of ie pickup was identified y officers as Joe Ra- lirez Jasso , OO, 1o3 
•sage St.. 
P atro lm an 
Stanley leek said the youth’s ead apparently struck he b um per of the ehicle. The boy was 

 dragged about 4o feet. 
The patrolman said he measured 12 feet of skid marks. • 
.Schaller died following a three-vehicle collision about an hour earlier on the westbound IH35 at 
Moore Street. 
Police said the victim’s car plowed into the rear of a pickup stopped in the middle traffic lane that had in turn stopped dir­ ectly behind a stalled pickup. 
Driver of the stalled pickup was identified by officers as Nicolas Man- chuca, 44, 15o3 SW 18th 
Street. 
Lairv R. Cramberg, 34, 
7o22 Glendora St., was identified as driver of the other pickup. Four occu­ pants of the Manchuca vehicle were examined at the scene by EMS tech­ nicians. C ram berg e s­ caped injury. Schauer, pinned in his vehicle, re­ ceived massive head and internal injuries, police said. 

Hi 
PrV. 

'( i H v ■ t # to 

4»' 

W m m t n t m n i m 

 ii r n 

 t i 

Save 13.1o on famous maker solid color leisure suits 

Sold n a tio n a lly for 41.oo-43.oo. 
Leisure suits in light blue or tan solids; jacket sizes 38-46; slacks sizes 32-4o. 
Also save 13.1o on men's checked suits, originally 41.9o, now 27.99. Men's 
Sportswear, all stores. 
29" 

.’f i r ti f ll 

T iliftii J 

JCO*'' 

I M iLi sac 

Ii *» 

I i i 

Ii 

 to r n 

 ifc 

■ i ' 

\ mm 

 it! 
Sc*' 

 r n 

Kla b i 

JU 

 v-XvR/ 

M i ll 
1:1- 

& A-*** 
\ 'A i p i ii 

 rn 
Save 25.1o-4o. IO! 
Special group of suits 
999o- 129" 

Orig. 125.oo-17o.oo. Famous maker suits in assorted styles and colors in Dacron® polyester-wool and tex­ tured woven polyester. Men's Clothing, all stores except Las Palmas. Buy now and save! 

\ 

/ 

•rn- 

 ll® rn ’ 
11 w I s A ill 

 is 
Lu ft ’ v. iii a : 
, 
Save 3.o1! Double pocket, short sleeve sport shirts 
5" 

Orig. 9.oo. Stock up now on our popular short sleeve sport shirts with double pockets and button coat fronts. Assorted solids, in washable polyester-cotton. 
Sizes S,M,L,XL. Men's Sportswear, all stores. 

Special savings on our striped sport shirts 

7 9 9 

Just in time for summer, a wide variety of short sleeve sport shirts with repeating stripes and rugby collars. In red, green, or yellow with blue. Sizes S, 
M, L, XL. Men's Sport Furnishings. All stores. 

 f f T l 
1.— I I 
P F I I'M • I I sXS ti 

Furniture 
Sundance lour finest, Indoor-Outdoor furniture with tubular steel frames. The Mar-Gard finish on these f r a m e s gives you exceptional resistance to wind, weather abrasion and rust. Cool, PVG vinyl webbing on the chairs and chaise are continuously laced, to support weight evenly and comfortably. 

Sft').')*) 12-in- table ................................ 5 9 . 8 8 

SbM .W Umbrella ...................................... 5 9 . 8 8 

$8.9*1 Shell for um brella ....................... 8 . 9 9 

$ 1 9.99 Arm ehair ................................... 4 -o .o o 

SI 19.99 Chase Lounge ......................... 9 9 . 8 8 

5-Pc. Table and Chairs 
219 
88 

Regular * 269.95 

Comfortable, Cushioned 
Redwood Furniture 
Countryside: genuine Califor­ nia redwood frames resists heat, humidity . . . stained for long life Box-edge cushions are cov­ ered in fabric supported vinyl in a sunny or­ ange, brown, gold and white* print, reversing to solid orange cotton. 

Save *5 on 5-ft. 
Hardwood Swing j 

$ 1 9 .9 9 Club ehair .... 

$ o 9 .9 9 Chaine lounge 

$ 1 o 9 .9 9 T ete-a-T ete 

$ 2 o .9 9 C offee table . 

4 4 . 8 8 

5 4 . 8 8 

8 9 . 8 8 
22.88 

Regular 
* 4 9 .9 9 

Rugged, hardw ood porch swing with wider seat for extra support. Rust resist­ ant hardware. Clear varnish finish. Enjoy hours of swinging comfort. 

$ 5 9 .9 9 I m b r e llu ......................... 5 4 . 8 8 

$8.*>9 Shell for um brella ........ 8 . 9 9 

SAVE ‘5 

7 l/2 -ft. Umbrella 

Reg. * 3 4 .9 5 
^ 
9 
^ 

SAVE $5o Kenmore Dial-a-stitch free-arm sewing machine 

HLAD O M /* 
$219 
Regular *269.95 

Twelve dial-to-sew stitch es 
. . . straig h t, zig-zag, blind hem, mending, box and shell u t i l i t y s t i t c h e s , p l u s straight, serging elastic, smocking, rick-rack and overcast stretch stitches. 

I*riee good thru Ma> .‘itll It. 

Bedspread 
Closeout! 

 loon 

FREE SEWING INSTRUCTIONS with any K enm ore sewing m achine 

2o% to 
25% OFF 

Refluffable 
Billow Pillows 

Fort re 17 polyester fill in soft or support styles. Resists bunching and shifting. 
C o tto n and p olyester double tick. 
Machine wash entire pillow. 

Regular *1o 
STANDARD, each 
Price* frond thru .May 8oth 
8 

$ 18 (J u c r u s i/e pillow 
.......................................... 
* 1 o 

$ 1 o K in g size p illow ................. 
* 1 2 

• Select assortment 
• Choice of many colors, sizes! Hurry, 
' 
J ' quantities are limited. 

Tw in, full, q u e e n , king sizes available! 
A ssorted prints and tex tu res, plus solids! 
C om e early for best selectio n s o f co lo rs, si/.« 
Ask about Sears cred it plans. H urry. sa\t 
2 OFF 

 j- y 
^ 
Ju- 

 c*> 

Where America shops 
Ask about Sears credit plans 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO, 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Dow ntown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Hiur*. 9 :8 o -9 
All other days 9 :8 o -6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 :8 o -9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop H O 
Mon. thru Sui. 
9 :8 o -9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
H 

Hill objects to SASD district bill 

 for Fort Worth and Cor­ pus Christi, 
“I don’t sor tho Senate flying in the face of the 
.attorney general s opin­ ion,” Bird said. 
The hope for single member districting. Bird feels, may have to wait 

 triet out from under the cover of the general law applying to all school districts statew ide and make a special law for it. 
“ ll will take a new general law, or an amendment to the exist­ ing one. to allow school 

 member trustee election districts. 
“ But, I think it will be up to the legislature to enact such a law in the next session if they want to.” 
In Hill’s opinion, you can't take one school dis- 

By DICK MERKEL 
CHIP, EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN - Atty. Gen 
John 
Hill may have dashed the last hopes for a bill to create single m e m b er d istric ts for trustee elections in the 
San Antonio School Dis­ trict. 
Rep. Hon Bird of San 
Antonio released an at­ torney general’s opinion 
Saturday which holds amending general state law to apply to a single school district would violate the Texas Consti­ tution. 
If this is the ease, then single m ember district­ ing already created for 
Dallas by a bill passed in the 1973 Legislature is, in 
Hill’s opinion, unconsti­ tutional. 
“ Now, Bird cautioned, 
‘‘I don’t think anyone is going to run out and challenge the single m em ber d istrictin g in 
Dallas. 
‘‘First of all, I doubt the test would survive in federal court. 
Cast bad light 
“What it does, though. is cast a bad light on the chances for any single member district bills be­ ing passed in this session of the legislature.” 
The bill to create single member districts in the 
SASD is by Rep. Don 
Cartwright of San Anton­ io. 
Sim ilar bills already have been passed by the 
House and are now awaiting Senate action 

 for the next session of the legislature. 

“ It’s possible the Sen­ ate could amend a bill this session which would allow all school districts in the state wishing to do so to cre ate single 

 districts permission to elect trustees by single m em ber d is tric ts .” he said. 

The other alternative. 
Bird said, would be for a county wide election in 
Bexar County in which 

 all school district voters could decide w hether they wanted single m em ber districting. It would have to pass eoun* t.vwide and apply to all districts. Bird feels. 

KU |\/IU® rh iS sum"®' ,*SS»8'9f 
V I 
,is n a v e cool a n f'® ' loot 

H e’s in tune 

MATTHEW EISEMAN, age 2, of Corvallis, Ore., is too young to play this but he doesn t really know that. As in the case of clothing, children must be fitted to musical instruments. Matt wanted to get in on the fun after seeing his brother and sister get a musical fit. — AP Wirephoto. 

Herbert Hoglund 
8o, dies Saturday 

Longtime San Antonio 
Br■■" 
| ^ 
| 
'•J|r Express-News employe 

B p 
L 
I Ii i T i f ! I 
I * l l u L ' l m i d . 
4 1 4 
W 
' J P i Brightwood Place, died 
■ 
| 
Saturday. Ile was sn. 
■ rn 
Services are pending 
* 
A 
, with 
Sunset 
Funeral j ' | | 
A natiu* of Jamestown. 
Wk 
WY., Hoglund came to 
S i l k l | j i i San 
An tun I it do n i l - ' 
World War I. He went to ll work for the E xpress rn uj(or igs discharge from 

HERBERT P. HOGLUND the Army. His career 

 spanned 44 years in the engraving department. 
He was a member of the Masons and Local 
Union 519, GAIL'. 
Ile is survived by his wife. Flora. 
North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon. Sat. 1o to 9 
Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, Master Charge, American Express. An ( /W tfd C Company 

Children’s swimwear 

I Sears I i ? 
COUNTRY 
INN 
Si 
R ESTAUR ANT^ 

Announcing the Grand O pening 
Sears Country Inn 
CAFETERIA 

 in Sears Central Park 

 pen Monday th ru Saturday 

8 a. i i i . l o 7 p.m. 

Special! Monday Only 

Chicken fried steak dinner 
COFFEE 
SAVE now during our children's swimwear sale! A world of styles to choose from . . . both woven and knit styles in loads of summer colors. All 2o% off. 

Monday. May 28 only 
Girls’ 2-pc. bikini, S,M ,L (for 2-6x), reg. *3.99................ 
Girls’ bikini set with skirt, S,M,L (2-6x), reg. *6.99 . . . . 
Boys' knit and woven trunks, S,M,L (2-6x), reg. *2.99 ea 
Girls’ racing suit, solid colors, 7-14, reg. *5.99 ................ 
Girls’ racing suit, prints, 7-14, reg. * 7 .9 9 ........................... 
Boys’ woven trunks, 8-16 reg. $3.99 ..................................... 
Boy's print knit trunks, sizes 8-16 reg. 3 4 .9 9 .................. 

Sale prices good thru May 3oth 

Specials also available at Sears 

 restaurants at the Downtown Plaza and Military Drive stores, Monday . 

CHARGE IT on Sears Re 
Where America shops 

N I A H S. H O M U T H AMO OO 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Where America shops 
Central Park Store 

San Pedro at Loop 11o 

SEARS, ROEBUCK A N D CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Nay arri* 
Mon and Flairs. 9 :3 o-9 
VII other d a v s 9 :3 o -6 

Military Drive S tun at Pleasanton l t d . 
Mon thru Sat. 
9 :3 o -9 
‘W . 

Central Park Store 
'sail Pedro at Loop I IO 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 :3 o -9 

PHOTO 

»FROZEN 
SU P E R S A V IN G S 
A N D THEN SO M E J 

Handy Andy 

BAKERY 

BEER a WINE 
SU P E R VARIETY 
/ 
A N D THEN SO M E J 

UFER LOW PRI 
STORE HOURS: 
~ 
~ 
MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 8:3o A M. TO 9:oo P.M. EXCEPT STORES #8, #5, # IO, # 12, # 14. THESE STORES CLOSE AT 8:oo 
P.M., SUNDAY 1o:oo A M. TO 6:oo P M. EXCEPT CENTRAL PARK CLOSED ALL DAY. 
W Handy Andy celebrates summer with a "super rn variety of meat and grocery savings. Outdoor 
I cooking needs for the best barbecue of the season f plus quick n' easy foods to keep you cool as the season gets warmer. And don't forget the Gold 
Bond stamps you get for shopping Handy Andy! 

CALIFORNIA U.S. NO. 1 LARGE 2 DOZ. SIZE ICEBERG 

A super supermarket and then some 

• FRESH 
HANDY ANDY 

FLORIDA 
U.S. NO. 1 
FRESH 
TOMATOES 
FRYER LEGS 
THIGHS OR 
DRUMSTICK 

THESE SPECIALS GOOD THRU MAY 25TH, 1977 

32 OZ. SALAD DRESSING 
HANDY ANDY 
M I R A C I .IT 
% GALLON 
WMP....j.a.".39* ICECREAM..^ 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BONO 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

HANDY ANDY 
EX. FINE GRANULATED 
HANDY ANDY U.S.D.A. GRADE " A " 

PRO C ESSIN G AND 
DEVELOPING OF YOUR 
COLOR NEGS. AND 
PRINTS,..1S« 
• • • 
— 
WE USE KODAK PAPER AND 
CHEMICALS EXCLUSIVELY 
8x 1o INCH 
OMNI FRAME . . 
$1.79 
"THE HANDLE" KODAK 
INSTANT CAMERA $28.95 
KODAK PR-1o 
INSTANT RIM 
$4.88 
COLOR PROCESSING 
2o EXP. SLIDES . . $1.o9 
COLOR PROCESSING 8 M M AND 
SUPER 8 MOVIES . $1.o9 

11/2-LB 
TRAY 
YOUR CHOICE 
WHITE 
ONIONS 

WITH EACH FILLEo GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

DENTLER VALUE PACK DIP 
CUDAHY BAR S 

 f ^ i r t D 
C 
16 OZ v I U r 9 „ . . b a g 

WITH EACH FILLED GoLo BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 
BACON 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLI* BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

 ihimbo 
Boil 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
U.S. NO. 1 HOMEGROWN 
MED. SIZE HEADS 
H A N D Y ANDY 
JUM BO ROLL 
HANDY ANDY-32 OZ. BTL 
FRESH FRYER 
STEAK 
WITH 
RIBS 
LB. 
JUICE 
TOWELS 
MITT GOOD 
SANDWICH 
BREAD M 
URB. LOAF. . . . “ 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 
TEXAS U.S. NO. 1 
NEW RED 
W ISHBO NE-8 OZ. BOTTLE ITALIAN, 
DELUXE FRENCH, 1ooo ISLAND 
SALAD DRESSING 
53‘ 
SPRINGDALE - 9o GRAIN GALLON 
WHITE VINEGAR. . . . $1.29 
RAGU-21 OZ. 
ITALIAN SAUCE 
89' 

RATH MEAT OR BEEF 
WIENERS................... pkg 85' 
OSCAR MAYER VARIETY P A C K -12 OZ 
PKG. SQUARE, ROUND OR BEEF 
LUNCH M EATS 
$1.5' 
HORMEL BLACK LABEL 
SLICED BACON. . . lb $1.6! 

GOLD BOND STAMPS 
WITH A TOTAL PURCHASE OF 
$1o.oo OR MORE 
EXCLUDING BEER. WINE ti CIGARETTES 
THIS COUPON EXPIRES MAY 25.1977. 
LIMIT ONE COUPON PER PERSON. 
U.S. NO. 1 FRESH TENDER 
ZUCCHINI 

HA/GBS I 

1.SOZ. REG. OR UNSCENTED 

J Soft White 
Facial Tissue 
PATIO 
ENCHILADAS 69° 
Cl n a w w 

I Soft White 
Facial Tissues 

 natoe 
Retied 
Tomatoes 
WHITE, YELLOW OR PINK 
HANDY ANDY 2oo COUNT - 2 PLY 

Reeled 
Tomatoes 
42 OZ. HEAVY DUTY LAUNDRY 
PUREX DETERGENTb.ox! 

28 OZ. BOTTLE DISINFECTANT 
LYSOL CLEANER. . .$1 
Tide's In,., Dirts 
ECKRICH BEEF OR 
PORK & BEEF 
BANANA 
I a w ® r s i r v 
J . r . l l 
M 
« r 
I U 
D 

HANDY ANDY-64 OZ 
4o' OFF LABEL 
1o LB. 11 OZ, LAUNDRY 
TIDE 
DETERGENT 

HANDY ANDY WHOLE 
16 OZ. REG. OR HERBAL 
MIFFLIN bl 
ALCOHOL. .69* 

PHARMACIES 
ARE NOW OPEN AT . . . 
I #3o CENTRAL PARK MALL 
# 17 EMPIRE PLAZA 
IN SAN ANTONIO ONLY. 

14 OZ. CAN DISINFECTANT AEROSOL 
LYSOL SPRAY___ $1.39 
16 OZ. CLEANER 
LYSOL POWDER.... 53* 
32 OZ. FLOOR CLEANER 
MOP N' GLO....... $1.69 
11 OZ. CAN-HOT SHOT 
ANT 8 ROACH KILLER 79' 

TOMATOES 

REG. OR SM O KY 
ONIONS) I 

DANISH ALMOND 
COFFEE CAKE ba 
MELLO MOIST -1 LB. LOAF ICED 
FRUIT BREAD........ 

ASSORTED FLAVORS POWDERED MIX 
HAWAIIAN 
PUNCH, rn %. 
GOLDEN GRAIN, PARMESANO, 
ROMANOFF, STROGANOFF 
NOODLE RONI 
. 6 OZ. PKG. 47* 
LITTLE FRISKIES, FISH, LIVER, 
CHICKEN 
CAT FOOD . . . 22 oz 
55' 
PURINA SPECIAL DINNER DAIRY, 
TUNA/SHRIMP, SEANIP 
CAT FOOD . . . is oz 
55* 

LIBERTY BLUE 
DINNERWARE 
HANDY A N D Y -16 OZ. CAN 
MIXED VEGETABLES . . 
JIF, CRUNCHY OR CREAMY 18-OZ 
•PEANUT BUHER . . . . 
3QCOUNT - HEFTY TALL 
KITCHEN BAGS....... 

MADE IN 
I 
STAFFORDSHIRE, ENGLAND I 
THIS W EEK'S FEATURE 
A super supermarket and then some.., 

 w ? ONE GOLD BOND STAM P GIVEN WITH 
EACH 1o* PURCHASE ... EXCLUDING ff 
BEER, WINE AND CIGARETTES ou r . . EA. /a 
WITH EACH $3.oo 
PURCHASE EXCLUDING 
BEER, WINE AND 
CIGARETTES. 
AD EFFECTIVE THRU WED. MAY 25.1977 SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 

CO o 
3 
> 
3-♦*O 
3o rnX 
-TJTO rniP en 

CA 

 en c 
3aQX 
$ 
QX 
NJ 
NJ 
O 
NJ 
NJ 

'n 
Q 
CO ft) 

HD 

Page 
TOA 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

Ray Charles 

ONE NITE ONLY 
Friday June 3 
9 p.m. until . . . 

R A N D Y ’S RODEO 
I 534 Bandera Rd. 
Phone 434-o691 
Adv. Tickets $8oo jn sale all Joske’s stores and Randy's 

Af! 
X 
\ * 

 rh v r 

°7fa y * 
Gfarles 

Conferees eye school funding 

EXPRESS N E W S CAPITOL BURL AU 

AUSTIN - The Senate voted 28-3 Friday and sent to conference com­ mittee its version oi the public school finance bill for 1978-79. 
The SS 14-rn 111 ion Sen­ ate bill also includes a 
Staten ide teacher pay in­ crease c a llin g for ap ­ proxim ately $9.11o11 for 

 beginning teachers to more than $15,OOO an­ nually for master level teachers. 

The hill now heads for a conference committee to iron out differences with a House-passed hill which addresses itself to public school finance on­ ly- 
The House has also passed a separate 

 teacher pay raise hill calling for basically the same pay increases as contained in the Senate bill. 
At least two controver­ sial aspects of state school financing for the next two years are sure to he fought out in confer­ ence committee. 
One is whether to mandate a prop (T ty tax 

( lu i th retitled ate atimy* lim itable Ic tutu! yea a f ne exha cb a lye 

SAVE IOX to 4 o % 

Save on home furnishings by all our famous-name'manufacturers: 
BAKER • BERVEN • BRANDT • DREXEL • HEKMAN • HENREDON 
HERITAGE • FLAIR • KARASTAN • SHERRILL • SIMMONS 
SUFFEL • THOMASVILLE • WEIMAN. Many others. 

Everything in our entire stock is reduced 1o% to 4o%, lf you want something not in stock, W E LL ORDER 
ANYTHING FOR YOU AT 1o% OFF. 
SAVE 
2o% 

ON ALL 
IN STOCK 
BEDROOM 
GROUPS. 

 f*U4FF}lt"Lir"o CO 

ON ALL UPHOLSTERED SOFAS. 
LOVESEATS & CHAIRS IN STOCK 

SAVE 
2o% 

ON ALL 
IN STOCK 
DINING 
ROOM 
GROUPS. 

ON ALL DECORATIVE 
DRAPERY AND 
UPHOLSTERY 
FABRICS, 
CARPETING, 
AREA RUGS, 
BEDSPREADS 
AND PILLOWS. 

SAVE 2o% 

ON ALL ACCESSORIES. 
PICTURES. 

SAVE UP TO 4o% 

ON DISCONTINUED AND ONE OF A 
KIND ITEMS, FLOOR SAMPLES, ETC. 

SAVE 1o% 

ON ALL SPECIAL 
ORDERS 

A / t .w A x x h j/ i t s /rn//ted* installm ent Plans Extended Credit 
National Cred it cards Diner s Club ca rte Biancne Am erican Express 
M asterCharge Bank A m e rica n 

Rector St opposite N. Star Mall • Open Mon & Thurs 'til 9 • Phone 342-9411 

 cut at the local school district level. 
The House-passed bill calls for such a cut. but the Senate hill leaves it tit the option of the local school district. 
House conferees alco are expected lo try and restore a provision in their bill, deleted by I bt* 
Senate, calling for single tax appraisal units for each of the slate s school districts. 

ROLOFF BILL 
The so called “ Rojoff 
B ill,” exempting church-operated homes and child care centers from most of the pro­ visions of the state Child 
Care Licenseing Act, passed the 
House 
Thursday by a one-vote margin. 
The 
64-to-63 vote indicated the deep split among House members over HB9oo by Rep. Ken­ neth Vaughan of G ar­ land. 
The bill was subjected to some of the most heated debate the House floor has seen during the current session. 
Proponents saw the hill as another blow for the separation of church and stat(i doctrine. 
Opponents blasted it for letting down needy children pf the state by removing laws safe­ guarding their mental and physical wellbeing. 
An amendment tacked to the hill may have been the only thing that saved it from defeat. 
It requires the State 
Welfare Department to continue enforcement of regulations protecting the health and safety of children in church-oper­ ated homes and centers. 
The hill, observers say, is almost certain to he defeated in the Senate. 

PAINLESS SPEEDING 

Despite outcries drum the insurance industry. 

 the House passed and sent to the governor 
Thursday a ‘‘no pain speeding bill." 
SB-34 by Sen. 
B ill 
Moore* of Bryan provides 
Texans ticketed for driv­ ing between 55 and 7(1 miles an hour cannot he penalized by their insur­ ance companies. 

The hill also keeps such speeding convic­ tions off a driver’s offi­ cial Department of Pub­ lic Safety record. 

The House approved the bill 92-48 while re­ jecting a contention by 
Rep. Jim Nugent of 
Kerrville it could cost the state its share of federal highway funding. 

TEACHING HOSPITALS 

A bill authorizing slate financial aul to teaching hospitals was approved in the House Thursday and sent back to the Sen­ ate for eoncurrance in several amendments. 

The bill authorizes the state to fund the educa­ tional functions of hospi­ tals engaged in approved undergraduate clinical programs and residency training. 

However, authorizes is about all the bill does ll I IVV. 
There is little hope the legislature will approve the $2B-million price tag placed in the bill in this session. 
The hospitals — in­ cluding San Antonio's 
Bexar County and Robert 
B. Green — will most likely have to wait until 
1979 when the next legis­ lature meets to obtain the promised financing. 
The measure, authored by Sen. Chet Brooks of 
Pasadena, and sponsored in the House by Rep. 
Mickey Leland of Hous­ ton. cleared the Holist* bv a unanimous 132-o. 

How 
They 
Voted 

Texas H om e 

RON BIRD 

AL BR O W N JR. 

DON CARTW RIGHT 

MATT GARCIA 

JOE HERNANDEZ 

FRANK M A D LA 

JIM NOW LIN 

DON RAINS 

ABE RIBAK 

LOU NELLE SUTTON 

FRANK TEJEDA 

BOB VALE 

T exas b o u lle 

GLENN K O T H M A N N 

FRANK LOM BARDINO 

JOHN TRAEGER 

N 
Y 

N 
N 
N 
N 
N 

N 

N 

N 

N 

+ N 
Y 
N 
Y 
N 
Y 

Y 
N 
-t 
N N 
N 
A 

Y = Yes 
N = No 
A s Absent 
o = Abstain ll vok fluting 
Max 21. IOTT 

STUDENT 
M EM BERSH IP 

Senators agreed F r i­ day college students shouldn’t have Hit* right to sit on the governing boards of their colleges, even if they don’t vote. 
The bill was apparently doomed to tlu* legislative junk yard when senators failed to give it the necessary 21 votes to bring it up for debate. 
SBB3o died after only brief debate on a IB-15 vote. 
The measure, spon­ sored by Sen. Kent Hance of Lubbock, would have allowed students to be elected annually to he non-voting members of the college board. 

■PUBLIC RECORDS 

By a slim four-vote margin, senators tentati­ 

 vely approved F riday a bill allowing public in­ spection of certain fin­ ance company records. 
SB887 by Sen. Bill Put­ man of Ganado is ex­ pected to be given final passage to the House on 
Monday. 
It gives the public ac­ cess to reports filed by licensed finance com­ panies with the state 
Consumer Credit Com­ missioner. 
The bill would have the affect of making public record the financial statements — including profit and loss — of the finance companies. 
Putman, an outspoken foe of current legislation granting higher interest rates for loan companies, explained the public is currently restricted from knowing the financial standing of the com­ panies. 
Gas passthrough tax debate postponed 

EXPRESS N E W S CAPITO L BU REAU 

AUSTIN’ — A floor fight among the Bexar County delegation may have been averted Saturday when a bill by Rep. Don Cartwright was postponed until 
Monday for House debate. 
The hill. HB1825, would prohibit the City of San 
Antonio from collecting 11.5 per cent of City Public 
Service’s gross receipts on the passthrough charges paid by utility customers. 
Cartwright's hill was postponed on a motion by 
Rep. Matt Garcia of Sun Antonio who reportedly told 
Cartwright earlier, “ Postpone your bill or I will light it.” 
Cartwright had intended to amend HB1825 to include provision of another bill he has introduced which is now in the House Calendars Committee. 
That bill. HBI Hit), bars San Antonio from collect­ ing the 11.5 per cent from its municipally-owned utility on bills to the Bexar County Hospital District and 14 school districts. 
HBI IBI) would also include any cities served by 
CPS outside Bexar County, including Castroville, 
Hondo and Floresville. 
The 11.5 per cent is collected by San Antonio off the top of gross receipts of CPS in lieu of taxes the city might otherwise realize from a privately-owned utility. 

The 11.5 per cent is. in turn, included in the rate 
CPS charges to its utility customers. 
Garcia said Saturday he had asked Cartwright to 
“ pull down” his bill iii order that a meeting could bt* held with officials of the city and CPS on Sunday. 
Cartwright confirmed the planned meeting and said he would attend along with other members of the Bexar County delegation. 
Garcia said his move was prompted by a need “ to talk to some people back in San Antonio. 

“ The problem has been. and still is, anytime you create a break like this some get the relief and others don’t. 
“ This is especially true of the bedroom and out-of-county cities. 
“ San Antonio residents would get the rate relief too, but the only alternative, it appears, would be for the city to raise tuxes to cover the lost revenues. 
“ Then, the outlying cities would still get the relief and San Antonians would lose any gain and more by higher taxes or utility rates. 
Garcia said for ail he knew the hills may be acceptable to the city “ but I d rather find out first and then aet, than aet and then find out we were wrong. 
“ Then you have to undo the damage just like in the police and firefighters sick pay mess." 

 summer fun... swimming in an ideal pool 

Reg. 19.98 14.97 

Ideal's rugged, steel sidewall pool is approximately 6 ft. x 15 in., has a heavy duty vinyl liner and drain plug. Colorful, 
57" diameter, 3-ring, inflatable pool of heavy 

 gauge vinyl plastic, reg. 7.98...... 
5.47 
InfiataPle air mattress, approximately 27" x 72", 

 floatable fun, reg, 1.98......... 
1.27 

Kransco floating baby seat 

Reg. 4.98 3.97 
I x\ 11*1 f\J S 
Large foam float with soft cloth bucket 
** seaf. por beach or pool use. Safe and fun! 

 wmm— mmmm SHOP DILLARD'S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO AM 'TIL 9 PM 

EXPRESS-NEW S C APIT O L BUREAU 
AUSTIN — As of Sunday here was the status of important legislation pending before the Bath Legislature nine days before adjournment: 
Bingo — With barely a week left in the session, a chance for bingo to become a legalized form of charity fund raising appears to have bombed out. 
San Antonio Sen. Frank Lumbar* dino’s resolution (SJR2) calling for a constitutional amendment referendum on the question of legalizing certain bingo games and raffles is still col­ lecting dust in the House. 
Lombardino’s resolution was ap­ proved by the House Constitutional 
Amendments Committee last month. It passed the Senate more than two months ago. But it has yet to emerge from the House Calendars Committee. 
The measure was recently consi­ dered for placement on the constitu­ tional resolutions calendar but was mysteriously dropped. 
Sponsoring the resolution in the 
House is Rep. Bennie Bock III of New 
Braunfels. 
Teaching hospitals 
— Legislation authorizing the state to begin picking up educational costs at hospitals which train medical .students passed the 
House last week and is on its way to the governor’s desk. 
Only trouble is the funds needed to pay for such costs apparently will not be forthcoming from this session of the legislature. All the funds available for spending* through the next two years have been used up. Legislators more than likely will fund teaching hospitals next session. 
For Bexar County the teaching ho­ spital legislation (SBW) sponsored by 
Sen. Chet Brooks of Houston) could mean some tax reliefs to taxpayers in the Bexar Hospital District. 
Bexar County and Robert B. Green hospitals would be the principal bene­ ficiaries of the legislation. 
Single member district — Expected 

 to emerge on the House local and consent calendar Monday is a bill proposing to create single member districts in the San Antonio School 
District. 
HB1989 by Rep. Dan Cartwright of 
San Antonio may still have a chance to become law, assuming it is on the calendar Monday and passes the 
House. The bill would then proceed to the Senate where opposition is not anticipated. 
Cartwright’s bill would require 
SASD to complete redistricting into seven equal districts by January 198o with the first elections to be held in 
April 19811. 
Cult probe 
— Witch hunt is the substitute label some legislative on­ lookers have placed on a resolution proposing an interim legislative study of religious cults in Texas. 
Introduced bv Rep. Al Brown of San 
Antonio. Simple Resolution 35 may have hit a snug in the House Calendars 
Committee. 
The resolution, which needs only full 
House approval, calls for a legislative probe of religious cults in the state which may be endangering the lives of young adults. 
Although reported favorably from the resolutions committee more than a week ago. questions are still rising as to the constitutionality of investigating certain religious groups and not others. 
Death bill 
— A bill proposing to place in the statutes a legal definition of death may be counted dead itself. 
SB148 by Sen. Ray Farabee of W’it- chita Falls has not been heard from since it was tossed into a subcom­ mittee of the House Committee on 
State Affairs April 14 
Para bee’s bill edged out of the Sen­ ate before full public reaction could reach it. 
Bexar County’s state senators re­ ceived a Hood of calls and telegrams the night before the bill was passed from the Senate. 

HARRIS WESTERN 

CENTER, SOUTH 
% ! 

■ 834 

S.W . M ilita ry Dr. 

' 9 2 4 - 4 3 o 3 
$ 
5 
$ 

May 25th, 26th, 27th i 

3 PAIR OF TONY LAM A BOOTS A N D 
6 CRUM RINE BUCKLES WILL BE 
G IVEN A W A Y DU RING OUR O PENING 

S U M M E R T IM E IS H E R E 
STRAW HATS 
*9.95 TO 
P A N A M A S 
*2 o .o o TO 
H A N D C R EA SED FREE W H ILE Y O U W A IT 

Largest Selection of Levi’s and 
Wrangler's in South Texas 
*9.95 to 513 . 9 5 

Western Heritage Pioneer and lasso Ladies Suits 
*35 t o ' U O 
Blouses 
*9.95 to ‘25.oo 
Pants 
‘I I .OO to ‘26.o 

A 

‘ 
" 
' 
W 

Ditto and Wrangler 
Knit Tops 
‘4.95 t o ‘11.95 jumpsuits 
‘35.95 to ‘5o.oo 

LO TS O F BO O T S! 
Larry Mahan, Tony Lama and many more ... ladies from s I 9 .9 5 
Children's from * 9 .9 5 _________Men s from 
*2 9 .9 5 

M E N ’S W E ST E R N SU IT S from le isu re Suits-------------------------from 

HARRIS WESTERN CENTERS 
Three Convenient Locations 

Lytle - IH 35 
834 S.W . M ilitary 
South of San A n ton io 
9 2 4 -4 3 o 3 
6 2 2 -9 3 o o 
O p e n 9 :o o to 7 :o o 
O p e n 8 :o o to 6 :o o 
^ 

1716 S. San M arcos 
2 2 5 -3 6 6 7 
O p e n 8 :3 o to 5:3o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— S unday May 22 1977 
H 
Paqe I I-A 

W edding tradition 

NEW LYW EDS Laura and William Chovanec eat from a single bowl of Hungarian chicken soup after their traditional Hungarian wedding Saturday at the Little Church of La Villita. 
Also before the couple is a traditional I 4-layer cake. — Staff Photo by Steve Campbell. 
Elderly woman shot, killed 

An elderly woman was shot and killed inside her apartment adjoining the 
North 
San 
Antonio storage company she and her husband managed. • 
The victim was identi­ fied as Mary Kneupper, til. of 9415 IH35. 
She was discovered by a businessman, who told police he heard what ap­ peared to he a “ blowout” on the expressway. 
Upon looking out and seeing a white ear con­ taining two men speeding away from the location, he decided to investigate and found the woman slumped in a corner of an 

 apartment room next the Pioneer Stor-Lok. to 

Det.-Inv. Rudy Buen- rostero said she had been shot in tin1 right temple. 
Police reported finding a .45 caliber casing near the body. 
P atrolm an 
Larry McGee, one of the first officers to arrive on the scene, applied a towel to the woman’s head to stop the bleeding until ambulance technicians arrived. 
Sin* was taken to 
Brooke Army Hospital where she was p ro n ­ ounced dead at 7:55 p.m. 
A check of the p re ­ 

 mises by her husband, 
Cliff, determined money in the cash drawer was apparently untouched. 
Nothing appeared to be missing, officers said. 
Knuepper had been re­ pairing one of the storage units at the time and did 

 not hear the shooting, police said. 
Buenrostero said the woman may have been shot during a robbery at­ tempt. But, he added no motive for the murder had been officially deter­ mined. 
Bonds approved 

Harlandale School Dis­ trict voters overwhelm­ ingly approved a $5.3 million bond issue for school improvements Sa­ turday, 
The vote was 475 votes for the issue and 1B2 

 against. 
Two of the major pro­ jects.in the improvement program are the com ­ plete renovation of Har­ landale Middle School and Wright Elementary 
School. 

 f O L D { £ & ¥ £ C O U P O N 
J o i o p u w 
< 
O U * ’ 1 i O L O l L H V i < o u m o m 
S O 
M f £ * V £ C O U P O N 

O ur Usual 494 yd. 

LACES AND RUFFLING! 

 lam , ruffling*, edges, and braids. 
Whit# end 
{dors. 
Cotton/nylon. 
Until 
36 yds. 

G O O D M ONDAY, M A Y J* 

O ur UsuaS 99* 
FRUIT OF TH I LO O M 
KNITTING YARN 

White, 
Wetk, and colors. J Vi and 4 ox., 
4 ply skeins, limit 
12. 

Our Usual 894 
BOYS’ BRIEFS quality. 
6 5 % poly 

G O O D M O N DAY, M AY 33 
(N) j 

First 
Whit*. ester/35% cotton. 
XS.S.M.l.Xl. limit 3. 

GOO D MONO AT m a y -3 

* 
O ur U sual 794 
MEN S TUBE SOCKS 

. 
I Irregulars. Strip* 
<J 
Top. 23". Sixes 
9 Vi-15. limit 3. 
(N> 
J 
GOOD MONDAY, MAY 33 
(N) 

C O U P O N j o i o j x n r f C O U P O N f O i a f M 
* * * C O 
U P O 
N ’ f O L * f £ * V £ C O U P O N 

Our Usual 2 for 794 
CO M FO RT TOP 
KNEE HIGH HOSE famous makers irregulars. Beige. 
Fits 1 % to ll. 
Wide elastic top hand, limit 4. 
R 

GOO D M ONDAY, M A Y 33 

O ur Usual $2 
LADIES SUMMER SANDALS 

 novy 

S K>o 

 quality. White, tan. 
S ta 
IO 
I. 

Juniors and M isse s 
COTTON KNIT-TOPS 
AND TANK TOPS 
$| 55 

M AY 33 

Irregulars of values to $7. Sites S.M.l. limit 
I. 
TICKETED 
SI 
GOO D M O N DAY, M A Y 33 

O IR L 5 ’ T - T O P S 
AND TANK TOPS 

Irregulars and first quality of values to IS Silos 4-14. limit I. 
TICKETED $2 

G O O D M O N DA Y , M AY 33 

C O U P O N 
| f f l f l p m c 
O u e o 
N c o u p o n 
" " f O l O 
C O U P O N 

O ur Usual 5 9 4 
LADIES1 & TEENS’ PANTIES 

 irregulars. 
Ny- 
Ion. White and 
JR 
^ colors. Sizes 5 to 
■ 
IO. limit 4. 
WT f h w 

G O O D M ON DAY, M A Y 33 
(N) 

:: 

Simplicity 
Patterns 

I 
( 
O ur Usual 694 
| 
REVLON 
J 
INFANTS’ UNDERSHIRTS j 
NAIL ENAMELS 

Irregulars. 
Cot- 
Lustrous Creme ton. Sizes to 3o 
^ 
Extra Crystalline 
' mos. 
I 
Compare at Joshes limit 3. 
V 
I at $1.35. Limit 2 

G O O D M O N DAY, M AY 33 
(N) I 
GOO D M ONDAY, M AY 33 

16 o1. NOXZEMA 
SKIN CREME 

G O O D M O N DAY, M AY 33 
(N) 
I 

PUU DOLTS, FLIEST QUALITY ... VALLISS TO $3 TD. 
(MOST mm IN ALL STORES) 
★ 6o” Crepe anil Ponte Stitch Double Knit 
★ 6o” Printed Ultresso 
★ 6o” Yarn Dye fancy Double Knits 
_ ★ 45” Printed Jersey 
W toTst6c»| ★ 45” Linen louie Gauze 
★ 45” Dotted Swiss Polyester/Cotton dr 45” Printed Nylon Sheer 
★ 45” Polyester/Cotton Scarf Prints 
★ 45 * Children’s Print Blends 
★ Many Many More Items 

J Mio 

Hi 

Y O U R 
CHOICE! 

4 

 wllPfflSw 
MANY WITH ORIGINAL LABELS 
Fashion Shirts and Blouses 

Irregulars and first quality nationally ad- 
<; ertised to sell for $15 to $24. Sizes S.M.L. 
;|| and 6-1 8. 
TICKETED $6 AND 17 TICKETED $8 AND $1o 
$ I off 
$2 off 

Summer Jumpsuits and Pant Suits 

Irregulars made to sell to $35. Sizes 5- 
15 and 6-18. Spring and Summer col- 

TICKETED 
$ 
Q 
^ 
N 
$ I 
T 5 5 
$13 AND $15 
# 
D 
R 
R 

. 
FAMOUS MAKERS 
Washed Denim Jeans and Gauchos 
Irregulars nationally advertised for $2 to 
$25. Sim 5-13 and 
6-16. n a m e sio an s i t $735 j c g 

Misses & Jrs. Swimsuits 
Irregulars made to sell to $2o. £ 
Summer colors. Sizes 5-13 and 
616 TICKETED $7 TO $1o.... 
4 Off mimmmm rn m msmmmmmmm 

Gaucho Sets 

{ars mode to sell to $35, 
Sizes 5-13 and 6-16. 
REGARDLESS OE TICKET PRK* 

Summer Dresses, Sun Dresses, 
Skirt Sets & Long Formals 

Irregulars and samples made to sell to $44. Sizes 5 15, 6-18, and some 
14W-24W. 
TICKETED 
$13 TO $2o . 

LADIES’ SUMMER 
MEN’S FAMOUS “ENRO" 
„ , 
Short Sleeve No-Iron loe" yge °G" ns 
Dress Shirts 
IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $13 

I Irregulars of values to $24. Cotton 
I and acetate/nylon. Long and short 
M lengths. 
Pool and lounge styles. 
Solids and stripes. Sizes S.M.L. 
TICKETED $8 
TICKETED $1o tong point spread or button down collar styles. Solids, stripes, and tone on tone patterns. 
1oo% polyester and polyester/ cotton blends Sizes 14Vj-17Vjr. 
$599 
$6 47 
$7 ,( 

{PRF 
— M —WMW..' I ' - 
Ladies 

Iff emoter* o f value*Panty C due* ho $6 SOGirdles 

First quality ... our usual $ I 2.5o. Pre-washed denims in a multitude of pocket and leg styles. Several with PVC 
"Leather-Loak” trims. 1 o o % cotton. Sizes 28-38. 

 mmmmmmmmmmy-mmmmmmrnmmmmm 

Men’s Fashion Jean Flares 
— 

INFANTS & TODDLERS 
Pant Sets 
& Crawlers 
LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 

FIRST QUAUTY AIB) MWIGOURJ OF VALUES TO $15 
White, bone, camel, and other*. Some ar# rope trimmed, other genuine leather sMpHL'f 

S & ’T ST b . 
* 3 5 6 . * 4 
4 * . * 5 3 1 natlTEO $4-$5-$6 
I i 
H r 
# # 

Irregular* of value* to $7 98 Polye*ter/col. rn ton and polye*t®r. Print* and solid*. Dre** || and play style* for boy* 
£ , 
*> and girls. Size* I 2 to 24 
M ^ and 2 to 4 
* 
TICKETED $ 4 ........ 
4fc 

Ladies’ Navy Deck Shoes 

Sizes 5 to IO, mode in U.S.A. 
IRREGULARS 
TO $2.98 

AMERICA'S BEST SOUNG BRAND oseHose 

T o$1.*§ tor# Panty suntan, pnd caff##. Sizes AN or CD. 

Panty H< 
IRREGULARS 
No More Panties, No More Portly lines. Seige 

FAMOUS “TOTAL CONTROL” 
Support Panty Hose 
' 
$ 1 4 6 
Irregulars. Sold by famous department store to $5. P.A.T. and Queen Short or Queen 
* 
Tall. Beige, suntan, and white. 

4 

Revlon Blush on Blush 
Cream 
Powder 
$ o 4 9 yytirh 'SrtrttifiR ' 
WM lf 
Auxdkater br ■ ii* RP # 

Soft Lutlru 
Blush-On 
Creamed Powder with Sponge 

REVLON 

Revlon Super Rich Mascara 

Waterproof Compare at 
$ 1 7 9 rn 
........ 
I 
WM 
Joske’s at $2.5o. 

$1.85 Revlon Super Frost 

, 
? o w * !e r J 
S 
I 4 9 
I Eye Shadows 
I 

Page 
I 2-A H San Antonio EXPRES S -N E W S — Sunday M a y 22 1977 
LAETRILE 

 studies to show a cause-and-effect re­ la tio n sh ip between la e trile and cancer,” Dr. Definer said. 
“W e’re all very concerned abput its legalization. I hopb there will be no local doctors w ho-use it, but I suppose there will be som e who do." 
Dr. W illia m K ills, a D allas-based osteopath has been a strong advocate of laetrile for more than ‘JO years. 

He said legalization is proof that lawm akers were forced to act on public dem and despite what he calls the doetor-and-drug-industry conspir­ acy to keep laetrile off the market. 
“ M ost doctors arc ignorant about laetrile and they condemn what they don't u n d e rstan d .” he told the E x ­ press-News. 
“They just work I. md-m-hand with the d ru g indu stry i i trying to s to p laetrile because the\ can't make any money out of it. 
“ lf the state legalizes it, there’s no reason why doctors wouldn't use it if they're interested in their patients.” 
The cancer patient, caught between the two cam ps of the laetrile issue, is the most tragic tigure in the continu­ ing Ila It Ie. v 
One such patient is Fawn La Roque, a 
23-year-old San Antonian who is cu r­ rently hospitalized at Bexar County 
H ospital w ith H o d g k in 's D isca se , cancer of the lymph glands. 
She is re c e ivin g conventional ra ­ diotherapy and doctors said chances for successful control of her cancer is about 9b per cent; She em phatically supports legalization of laetrile. 
"if I were dying, there s no way I'd slay in the ho sp ital.” she said. “ I would go get me some. laetrile/’ 
M iss LaRoque said she delayed ra­ diotherapy in a futile attempt to find laetrile last January when she learned m u* had cancer last .January. 
Another option 

“ I just feel that laetrile offers the patient another option to treatment,” she said. “ Doctors need to inform pa­ tients about all the possible treatments for the disease. 
‘‘It m a k e s m e m ad that d o cto rs won't even mention laetrile because they take so m e o n e ’s word that it doesn’t w ork." 
The ranks of established medicine, however, view the le g alizatio n of laetrile with resigned alarm. The use of it by Bexar County doctors will be left lo individual judgment, according lo a spokesman for the county medical society. 
“ W e ’re convinced lae trile is a grossly overrated drug and is no where close to being a cure for cancer," lie said 
"B u t if it's legal, there s no way we can stop a doctor from using it if that s what he wants to do.” 
Laetrile is the brand name for the chemical am ygdalin, a branch of the cyanide family which occurs naturally in the pits of peaches, apricots and oilier fruits. 

It is also called vitamin B-IF by its advocates, although P D A and the m e­ dical establishment do not recognize it as a vitamin. 
Laetrile has been around for m ore than JO years. Proponents say it stops cancer by adding B-I7 tit cells which are deficient in the vitamin The deft, eieney is thought to have something to do with the presence of cancer. 
The P D A and the National ( ancor 
Institute, an agency charged with in­ vestigating all cancer medicines, state flatly there has never been sufficient supportive, scientifically sound e v i­ dence that laetrile has any effect on cancer. 
A p p lic a tio n s by the M cN a u g h to n 
Foundation af California, the largest pro-laetrile group, to get P D A appro­ val have failed repeatedly due to lack of sufficient data, according to the 
PDA. 
Dr. P ills countered P D A criticism by charging that P D A and N C I have purposefully avoided testing the drug because it is too effective. 
“They won’t listen to us and test it in the am ounts we su g g e st/ ' he said. 
"B u t 15-17 w orks and that scares the medical com m unity." 
Dr. F llis said lie has worked with laetrile for m ore than 17 years as a m edical ad viso r to doctors treating cancer patients. 
Recovery rate 

“Our experience has shown that we can get an IS per cent recovery rate just using laetrile alone." he said, " l f we could get patients at the first onset of cancer, before other treatm en t starts, we could do much better.” 
Dr. Fllis said, however, he did not know how many patients he had a d ­ vised to lake laetrile. “ I work with a large group of doctors and it’s their reports back lo mc which show the IS percent figure. I don't know how many patients are involved." 
Dr. Pills was unable to supply nam es or addresses of any cancer patient w ho allegedly have been cured by u sin g laetrile. 
The P x p re ss-N c w s was unable to find any patients who have been cured with laetrile. A local cancer specialist had one patient who had tried laetrile and was now a confirmed opponent of the drug after it failed to cure her. 
One Sail Antonio cancer specialist tries to maintain an objective look at laetrile, though he is skeptical of its- effectiveness. 
Dr. Jack Whitecar. an oncologist in group practice bere, said. “ The issue on legalizing laetrile is not drug effec­ tiveness so much, as whether patients can take what they want as long as it s not harmful. 
“ I don't feel there is sufficient data to indicate the drug is harmful. But sim ilarity, th e re 's been no data to show that it works. 
“That's the real tragedy. Those who support laetrile have had years to ob­ tain good. scientifically bound data on tin* results from those they've treated 

G O V. DO LPH BRISCO E signs the laetrile legalization bill 

 with laetrile. They just haven’t done it." 
Dr. Whitecar said this failure indi­ cates two tilings: “ The drug is just not effective or legalization would inter­ fere too m uch with the money they make from laetrile clinics across the border.” 
Dr. Whitecar explained that the con­ fusion over la e trile ^ claim s stem s from the facts of cancer itself. There are more than IOO different types of cancer, he said. 
Each type can have different results iii each individual. “ We just can’t say that one drug will treat all types of cancer effectively. I ’m skeptical over laetrile's claim that it docs." 
Dr. Whitecar said legalization of the drug in Texas will probably mean an increased use due to patient demand. 

Fringe group 

“ I feel that this will decrease after the novelty wears off and that use of the drug will be found largely in a fringe group of doctors who want to boost their incom es," he said. 
He also felt legalization m a y force 

 som e doctors to im prove their rela­ tions with patients. “ A s physicians, we’re all going to have to examine how we treat patients' feelings and atti­ tudes about cancer while we’re treat­ ing the disease," lie said. 
Dr. W hitecar slim m e d up his feelings with an almost urgent plea? " I w ish we did have a sim ple cure for cancer. I d have more patients, I could treat them quickly and I would have more time on my hands. 

" I f laetrile w orks, that would be fine. All that any of us who work with cancer patients ask is that they prove it. 
“ Don’t show us testimonials which can’t be verified. Show us that it really works, and we ll all be happy. Esp e­ cially thousands of cancer patients." 
Gov. Dolpli Briscoe signed a bill le­ galizing laetrile use in Texas last F ri­ day. It takes effect Sept. I The same day the governors of Arizona and Ne­ vada signed sim ilar bills. 
A total of six states have now lega­ lized laetrile. Earlier this year Alaska. 
Florida and Indiana enacted laetrile legalization laws. 

Want to show your romantic side? 
The cowl will go over beautifully. 

N-plant gets nod of U.S. 

B E L G R A D E , Y u g o s ­ lavia (A P ) — V ice P re ­ sident Walter F. Mondale said Saturday the United 
States has a p p ro v e d plans for an A m e ric a n firm to complete work on 
Communist Y u go slavia’s first nuclear power plant. 
The announcem ent, made in talks with P re ­ sident Jo sip T ito , a p ­ peared to clear a m ajor stumbling block in rela­ tions between the two countries. 
It will allow W estingh­ ouse to go ahead w ith plans to equip and fuel the 632-megawatt plant at 
Krsko, which o rigin ally was slated for completion in 1979. 
Work was delayed after the U.S. government or­ dered a halt in the delivery of vital p a rts and dem anded that 
Yugoslavia provide addi­ tional gu aran te e s the plant would not be used to m ake n u cle a r weapons. 
Y u go sla via refused, and the matter appeared at an im p asse until 
Mondale's announce­ ment. 
The plant cost was es­ timated at $4oo m illion, but officials said inflation and the delay would push the final figure up more than 5o per cent. 
Tito told M on dale he was concerned about the situation in so u th e rn 

C yore on/ 
JEWELERS 

 to yo u i 

 as 

‘ si 

W E 'LL REWARD 
YOU..FOR 
OPENING A 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 
OF $5o OR MORE! 

LIMITED TIME - ONE WEEK ONLY I 

YO U R F R E E G IF T : an Old English pewter figurine if 

 yeti open a convenient charge account this week. 

C h ao s* fro m a group of five figurines valued from 

>8.oo to 
SI 2.oo. 
And shop the easy way, the charge-actount way. 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN THE SA N A N T O N I O A R E A 5o1 tdsl Houston, D o w n to w n • Las Polinas Shopping O n to . 
• Plaza T e n ,dt S h o p p in g Conte. # 8 42 S. VV. Military D rive 
• N o rth w e st S hopper.) C enter • M cCreless S h o pp ing C ny 
• C entral Park M a lt • VV m i Ism Pa. k M all • S hop G o ..Io n 's 
Coast to Coast. 

McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park Mall • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

A M O N O F L E X R O O F is being applied to this house, that will 

 not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate it 

 against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds 

 of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. N o matter 

 what type of roof you have, M onoflex can be expertly applied 

 directly over your old roof, whether ifs shingles, gravel, metal, or 

 roll roofing. M onoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. Stop by Coating Specialists at 342 Sandau 

 or call 3 4 9 -6 2 o 4 for a courteous estimate. 
(P d . A d v .) 

SAM ANTONIO. AUSTIN & DALLAS 
111 K E . Loop 41o 
San Antonio, Texas 
3413331 

O P E N S U N D A Y I P .M .-6 P .M . 

Charge it, For other women's fashions, shop the JCPenney catalog. JCPenney 

YOUR PLACE IN 
THE SUN. 

. . . a pool by Gary, and knowing you have all the joys of life. A sense of well-being. 
Isn’t that what you’ve wanted. Always. 
Fun • Relaxation • Pride. And confidence in your investment. Call us. 
Our understanding, experience, know-how and performance are all yours. 

Take it from Gary: 
THE POOL PEOPLE. 

Soft and elegant cowl neck blouses in a variety of colors. 
Choose stripes, polka dot or solids. 
Long sleeved. 
Blousons, too. 
Sizes 8-16 
$13 to $16 

Electrons can make fertilizer of sewage 

Son Antonio gXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
H 
Page 

CAM BRIDGE, Mass. 
(AP) — Scientists have found a way to convert sewage sludge — a major urban pollution problem 
— into a valuable soil additive by zapping it with electron beams to get rid of impurities. 
The researchers used an electron accelerator to make the high-energy waves of atomic particles in a one-year test at a major sewage treatment plant in Boston. 
The project, directed by scientists from Mas­ sachusetts Institute of 
Technology, showed the electron beams des­ troyed bacteria, viruses, bugs and even some poi­ sonous chemicals in the sewage. 
Goo 
The scientists worked on sludge, the black, stinking goo left over from modern waste treatment plants. 
Some cities, such as 
Milwaukee, recycle their sludge into soil condi­ tioner by heating it to kill the impurities. But the 
MIT scientists said their electron technique is far cheaper. 
The experiment was conducted at the Deer Is­ land treatment plant in 
Boston Harbor by John 
G. Trump, head of MIT's 
High Voltage Research 
Lab. 

ELECTRON 
BEAM 
SCANNER 

SLUDGE 
TRANSPORT 
DRUM 
Love the feel of terry? ^ 
A ts6 to $13 
I you've never \ had it so plush. I 

HiRH ENERGY 
ELECTRON 
IRRADIATION 
ZONE 
SPREADER 
ROLL 

INPUT 

DISINFECTED- 
SLUDGE 

 lo u n g 'preaches’ change 

JOHANNESBURG, 
South Africa (A P ) — 
U.S. Ambassador An­ drew Young laid aside a prepared text Saturday night and preached a go­ spel of change through economic power to an audience of 
South 
African businessmen. 
“ I come tonight neither as an ambassador nor as a politician, but essen­ tially as a preacher,” said Young, who is black. 
“ In spite of the sins and injustice that engulf us, there is a tremendous need for hope and there is a longing to find a way out of the situation in which we find our­ selves.” . 
Young, ambassador to the United Nations and an ordained minister of the United Church of 
Christ, was interrupted three times by applause. 
He received a sustained ovation at the end by the 
17o businessmen — most of them whites. 
Young said the nation's 

 businessmen were bring­ ing about their own economic doom with the apartheid policy of se­ gregation. 
“ If one believes in the free market system as the best means of change, one would have to include blacks in that system,” he said. “ And if they are not included, they would have no choice but to look to an alternate system.” 
He said the business­ men were isolating themselves from the economic potential of the black majority, preclud­ ing trade with developing black African nations and eroding economic ties with increasingly critical Western states. 
Majority rule in the nation of 4 million whites and 18 million blacks would also put the brakss on military spending, he said. 
Speaking of white fears, 
Young said, 
“ The 
Republic of South Africa 

 has a HH) year head start, and even white su­ premacists ought to know that with IOO years head start they can survive,” 
Young laid aside his text and spoke off-the- cuff about the U.S. civil rights struggle and majority rule in southern 
Africa. 
The points he made were the same as in the text and he stressed that the written speech was 

 part of the record. But he added other remarks, in­ cluding 
Biblical quotations. 
He used the same tac­ tic Thursday in address­ ing the U.N. Conference on Namibia (South-West 
Africa) and Rhodesia in 
Mozambique. Young's message here left a few- white businessmen skep­ tical, as were muny of the blacks at the U.N. conference. 

S O U 

 from the East Commerce 
Street bridge into the creek leading to Elmen­ dorf Lake, near Our Lady of the Lake College Sa­ turday afternoon. 
While the area was dragged from the shore and bridge, divers at­ tempted for over five hours to locate the body of the girl in the IO to 15 feet of muddy water. 

Police, fire and civil defense workers late Sa­ turday were searching for the body of a young woman who may have drowned in a West Side creek. 

Three teen-agers told officers they observed a short blonde girl, about 
19, clad in a white blouse and blue jeans jump 

When the heat s on, slip on a cool cotton terry tank. In bright colors with contrast trim. S-M-L. ^6 

Short sleeve tee in solids with colorful stripe inset at the shoulder. Cotton terry; 
S-M-L. s8 

The coverup: hooded, blouson style cotton terry jacket with zip front and big kangaroo pockets. In two-tone colors for s.zes S-M-L. $13 

Short or terry shorts in easy care polyester knit. Great with all your tops. Comfortable pull-on style in white, red, 
, navy, blue or yellow. 
I 
S-M-L. s6 

Skill9 concentration 
PETE G IB S O N , left, blind and a sopho­ more a t Rice University, waits while 
Highlands High School senior Joseph 
Renfro contemplates his move at the 
Texas Chess Assn. Junior Championship 
Saturday at Trinity University. The ticking clocks behind the boards remind the players it is a timed match. 
— Staff 
Photo by Pat Hamilton 
The Urban 
Crisis 
Go curly. 
Go colorful. 
But, go right now. 
For special savings. 

Balsam Plus special, 12.88. Gives soft, long lasting curl with built-in balsam protective conditioners. 
Shampoo, cut and styling included 

13-A 

And there are sign s that even the prosperous 
Sunbelt cities are not im m une from w hat som e call 
“The N ew York D isease." 

The Urban Affairs Task Force of The A ssociated 
Press has undertaken a detailed look at the goo d and the bad in A m erica's cities and the federal govern ­ ment's role in creating and solving the problem s. 

T h is'p ro d u ce d a four-paft series c a lle d "The 
Nation's C ities" w hich will start M o n d a y exclu sively in San Antonio in the . . . 

San Antonio Express 

Frosting special, 18.88. Flirt with the idea of going blonde. Oradd delicate highlights to your natural color. 
Toner and styling included. 

Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday only. 
Charge it. No appointment necessary. 

The JCPenney Beauty Salon 

South Park Mall 
923-5461 

1977 JCPenney Co 
Inc 

Windsor Park Mall 
654-1565 
JCPenney 

McCrless-Northwest Center • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

*1977 JCPenney C o. Inc 

Page 
I 4-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 9 7 7 

Texas Greatest(Jewelers 
Presents the eight most beautiful diamond en­ gagement rings in the world by 

Anastasia 
$46o the set 

Andora 
$22o the set 

Piroette 
$42o the set 

Roma 
$465 the set 

Diana 
$35o the set 

Cascade 
$38o the set 

'SA 

I I r n 

 ii 

Meadowlark 
$55o the set 

Misty 
$425 the set 

M atching m en's rings available. Special order service for any Orange Bios sam style available. 
C rafted in gleaming 14K yellow or white gold. 

 if Bulletin 

I Board 

W H A TS 
COMING UP IN* 
; p a n a n t o n k 
THIS WEEK 
SINGLAUB 

Friendship Club luncheon 
H<.rdberBer checks in with French air police 
HARDBERGER 
City Councilman Glen Hartman will be honored by the Friendship Club of the Senior Adult Department of the Jewish Community Center during a luncheon 
Thursday. 
Hartman will receive an Appreciation Award for his tim e and efforts on behalf of the senior citizens. 
Hartman also will speak on the “ New City Council and Outlook” during the luncheon in the community center. 
Reservations for the luncheon should be made with the center at 344-3453 no later than noon 
Sunday. 
Senior citizens dance 

A senior citizens dance is scheduled for 7:3o to 9:3o p.m. Tuesday at the Kenwood North Senior Center, 
121 Ave. M. 
The dance is sponsored by the Senior Community 
Services Inc., a United Way Agency. 
Music will be provided by Harry De Cocq and Tony and Ruth Lomeli. 
Admission is 75 cents per person. 
For more information, call Marguerite Crist at 
826-6589. 
Bulverde Land Owners 

Bulverde Land Owners Assn. will hold its flea market at I p.m. Sunday at Etui verde Park. 
Refreshments will be sold on the grounds and exhibit spaces are available for $5. No tables will be furnished. 
To get to the park, follow signs from ll. S. 281 and 
Bulverde Road. 
YES breakfast 

The National Alliance of Businessmen’s Youth 
Task Force will launch its’ Project Youth Employ­ ment Service (YES) at a Wednesday breakfast. 
The breakfast is at 8 a.m. in the Lu Reina Room of 
Hilton Palacio Del Rio. 
Project YES is in its ninth year. 
It is a job referral service for youths 16 to 21 years of age. It is sponsored without subsidy by the private business sector. 
The office will be located on H em isFair Plaza in 
Building 2211. 

\V est Texas Stale exes 

The West Texas State University Ex-students 
Assn. will meet at 8 p in. Tuesday in the National 
Bank of Com merce’s Commerce Room. 
Bob Brush, West Texas State football coach, will speak. Refreshments will be provided. 
Elvin Schofield, National Bank of Commerce vice president, will serve as host. 
Citizens for Decency ml 

Dist. Atty. Bill White will be featured speaker to the San Antonio Chapter of Citizens for Decency through Law Tuesday. 
The meeting will he be at 7:3o p.m. in the family activities building of Castle Hills F irst Baptist 
Church, 222o NW Military Drive. 
The public is invited. 

Drug Abuse Central 

Dr. Adriana Arzac will speak on the impact of emotional disruption on the family during the May workshop of Drug Abuse Central. The session will be from 8:3o a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday at 321 N. Pecos St. 
Dr. Arzac will discuss basic family theories and include experimental sections on family therapy. 
For registration information, call 225-4o66. 
Automotive engineers 

The South Texas section of the Society of Auto­ motive Engineers will meet Tuesday at Ka ra m ’s 
Restaurant North, HUO West. 
John M. Clark Jr. of Southwest Research Institute will speak on vehicle handling for driving safety. 
The meeting starts with a social hour at 6:3o p.m. followed by dinner and the program. 
ECD graduation 

City Councilman Henry Cisneros will be guest speaker at the Economic Opportunities Develop­ ment Corp. Early Childhood Development Program graduation exercises Sunday. 
The ceremonies will take place at 1:3o p.m. at 
Municipal Auditorium. 
More than 5oo pre-school children will be awarded 
Certificates of Completion. The ECD graduates are now prepared to enter the first grade in the school system. 
Defensive driving study 

Wonderland Shopping City Merchants Assn.’s last in a series of defensive driving classes will be held at 
6:31) p.m. Tuesday at the m ail’s Town Hall. 
The class will be conducted by a m em ber of the 
Independent Insurance Agents of San Antonio with participants limited to 35 people. 
Advance registration is necessary and forms are available at the North San Antonio Cham ber of 
Commerce, 2446 Ceegee Lane, and at Montgomery 
Ward's customer accomodation center, lower level of the mall. 
Golden Mile Optimist 

U.S. Dist. Judge John H. Wood Jr. will receive a special law award from the Golden Mile Optimist 
Club at a noon luncheon meeting Monday at the 
Krakow Restaurant, 6o5 Augusta Ave. 
The award cites Wood for his “ untiring efforts to make his court a true legal servant of his district,” an area that includes San Antonio, Del Rio and El 
Paso. 
Following the presentation, Wood will speak on 
“ Respect for the Law.” 
Marine Corps League 

Marine Corps League m em bers from throughout 
Texas w ill come to San Antonio Friday and Saturday for their annual state convention. 
The Alamo Detachment will serve as official host league. 
The convention will ha\e its headquarters at the 
Holiday Inn at Santa Rosa Street. P relim in ary meetings are at 6 p.m. Friday. 
The state meeting will culminate with an awards banquet and dance Saturday. 
San Antonio Bar 
City Mgr, Tom Huebner will be the featured speaker at a luncheon Monday of the San Antonio 
Bar Assn. 
The noon luncheon will be in the meeting room of 
Luby’s Cafeteria, Main Plaza Building. 

 flow so I was losing alti­ tude,” Hardberger said. 
Greenland proved to be the roughest part of the 
6,6oo-inile trip for H ard­ berger. 
“ That was a rough trip o v er th e m o st ru g g ed co u n try you h ave ev er seen,” H ardberger said. 
“ G reenland is so inten­ sely rugged, it is all ver­ tical lines.” 
B e ca u se of bad weather, Hardberger was forced to land at Sunder- strom AFB, which is 45o miles further north than 
N arssarssuaq, where he had planned to land in 
Greenland. 
“ L an d in g at Sunder- strom AFB is like land­ ing in the Grand Canyon. 
Hugo walls com e up on all sides,” he said. “ But I was sure glad to land." 
A fter the n in e -h o u r flight to S u n d e rs tro m , the attorney only had one and a half hours of fuel left. “ And there are only th r e e b ases in 
Greenland even though it is two thirds the size of tht> United States. 
“ The snow in G re e n ­ land was 9.oo1) feet so I had to go at least m al high just to c le a r i t , ” 
Hardberger said. 
“ T he ground is co m ­ pletely white with noth­ ing to break it. The sky itself was layered with w lute s tr a t a so it w as very hard to distinguish what was sky and what was land. 
"As I was flying along, 
I saw what looked like a house flying at m e th ro u g h the clo u d s. I knew there was a radar base in the area, but I 

 though to myself. ‘What is it?’ 
“ Is it a n o th e r a irp la n e ? ” H a rd b erg er ask ed him self. “ No, it looks like a house! ” 
The “ house” was the radar base 4,ooo feet be­ low hun, but Hardberger had lost all d ep th p e r ­ ception. 

He used his ra d io to call down and let the base know he was overhead. 
“ I was surprised when a very friendly voice, de­ fin itely A m e ric a n , r e ­ sp o n d e d ,” H a rd b e rg e r said. “ A man from Fort 
Worth m ans the station with 15 Danes.” 
U nlike th e o rig in a l 
“ Lone E a g le ” who ate only one and a half of the five sandw iches he c a r ­ ried, Hardberger said he ate all five of his. 
His 4-year-old daughter 
Amy and her classmates prepared the five peanut b u tte r and je lly s a n d ­ wiches for him after they rea d about L in d b e rg h taking five of his own. 
Now that he’s in Paris, 
San Antonio’s “ Lone Ea­ gle” has not decided how he is going to re tu rn home. 
“ I’ve got to think that through,” he said. “ I on­ ly thought about getting here.” 
H a r d b e r g e r ’s w ife, who met the “ Spirit of 
San Antonio” as it rolled to a halt on the runway, s q u e ale d w ith joy, hugged and kissed her husband and cracked se­ veral eascarones on his head. 
“ He asked for a ticker- tape parade and this is it,” she said happily. 

 are for Singlaub lo testify Wednesday before the investigations subcom ­ mittee of the House Armed Services 
Committee. 
Brown met with Singlaub for almost an hour just before noon Saturday. 
Then the two drove to the White House to meet with the President, using a side door to avoid reporters. 
When Singlaub emerged, he strode quickly to the defense Secretary’s car. 
His only response to questions was, “ I have no comment.” 
‘Tired’ 
‘'He’s tired, but I think he under­ stands and accepts the decision of reassignment,” said Maj. Gen. Gordon 
Hill, the Army’s chief of public affairs, moments after talking with Singlaub. 
“ Plans are he will go back to Korea to wind up his affairs and get his wife and whatever his belongings are, and by that time he should have his reas­ signm ent orders and h e’ll proceed from there.” 
Presumably, Hill said, Singlaub will return to Korea shortly after testifying before the Armed Forces subcom ­ mittee. The reassignment orders may be issued “ early next week,” Hill said. 
The views that got Singlaub in trou­ ble were given to Washington Post To­ kyo bureau chief John Saar in an in­ terview published Thursday. Singlaub said that he and many other senior military officers challenge the wisdom of Carter’s plan to remove U.S. troops from South Korea in a phased with­ drawal over four or five years. 
Carter first announced that would be his policy d uring the p resid ential campaign, and he has repeated it since he took office. 

What he said 
“ If we withdraw our ground forces on the schedule suggested it will lead to war,” Singlaub said. He predicted that withdrawal of the war-ready Se­ cond Infantry Division in that time fram e would seriously weaken de­ fenses in the South and encourage 
North Korean President Kim Il-Sung to attack. 
Within hours after Carter read the account of Singlaub’s views, he tele­ phoned Brown and issued the order for 
Singlaub’s return. 
The unusual situation of a general openly challenging the President’s de­ clared policy came on the eve of talks with South Korea to implement that policy. 
C a rte r’s only other publicly scheduled meeting Saturday was a m orning session with S ecretary 
Brown, Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman 

MAJ. GEN. JOHN K. 
SINGLAUB 

Gen. George S. Brown, Undersecretary of State Philip C. Habib and others to give final instructions to Habib and 
Gen. Brown. They go to South Korea 
Tuesday for the talks, described by the 
White House as “ serious consultations with the Republic of Korea.” u n e W hite House o fficial said 
Thursday that Carter was not only an­ gered at having his m ilitary policy publicly questioned by a subordinate, but feared Singlaub’s rem arks would encourage North Korea to consider another invasion of South Korea. 

One lousy weekend 

FORT 
WORTH 
(AP) 
- 
It probably seemed like a good escape plan as the two women inmates of the 
Federal Correctional Institution were clim bing the 12-foot fence that s u r ­ rounds the facility. 
But it began to go bad last week as soon as they hit the ground on the other side. 
One woman hurt her wrist. The o th e r' tore her dress going over. 
Undaunted, they kept going. 
Crossing a nearby street, however, the pair was passed by a car contain­ ing a captain of security and a coun­ selor from the FCL 
The officials notified police, who ap­ prehended the duo at a drive-in theater near the minimum security facility. 
The FBI said evidence about the w om en’s escape and 25 m in u tes of freedom w ill be presented to a federal grand jury. 
And the name of the movie show ing at the drive-in? “ Hard Tim es.” 
Now at Terrell Plaza 

COMPUTER 
PORTRAITS 

I >GO* 7 OO - 
/ q*oo**5## 

O * O O OO * Q O 4 £iO * O Q 4 O O 
ooG G o4oG ******4*#44**G G Q *< : 
' “ “ G O O G * * * # # # # # © .............. 

... -< ***444#4 
. -’O X /# * * # # * * 
W 
M 
H3SS8 

o 4 # 4 4 o ’ n##4*uoo* 
'•Mi##*'**'’I 
########$ GQG4###£i#£i#iM>###4**.; 
■“####GG*****#####£i#£«n####*a*i; 
<####4U*G<V>v ittttifi## ****** 
###i£i###IO G G ‘ 
##««>:•£'## GG* i 
11 ----- 
________------ 
,--#####£i####u--- . 
o*oo/- a uGu5G*i##S###***Gfi?y*|*##*################,»##o*<')o*''i“ 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ ------------- y jijiju * * # # # # # # # # # # t£ i* # # * Q O G O 
IOO xO*u5 # * # # ^ # # # # £ i# # # * * * g* # # # £ i# # # # # # # # # # m .M '# # g g * u< :/' 
> * * # # # # # # # # # # o * o 4 f4 4 # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # .ii# # # # o * * * . 

Fri. and Sat. 

1o a.rn.-8 p.m. 

Mon. thru Thurs. 

IO a.rn.-7 p.m. 

■’* 4 Q 4 4 4 4 4 Q Q O Q * OX > X 7 > 
' " ' t***OOQG ‘«M 
♦♦♦OXXX: 

A OOO A ■ 

. O '’o*o4444**oooo 

. O aO * ,Q****OOGGG 

'o * * o o o * o * * * * * * 
:G**iji*G*oGO*Oo» 
o o * * o 4 o 4 * * o a *> 

SI||III* * 8 oo*^*66x xx a '■ oo ’ •> .• 
* O S * 6 4 # # # # # # # # # # « .................. 

4 o o o 
4 4 4 4 4 4 # # 4 4 # # # G * 4 # o 4 4 4 # * * ’ 
* * * * * ij«->O*oG O f f 4 4 # 4 o * * 4 * o ‘»o* • o o o 4 * o 
■ / v a GOGO 
MV*..' SaisiSlS'soSS 
.> 

_ _ _ f * * o o O ’ ’ A .<(•)(•)■>. . ao*,o#**455o5o*o»6*> xx > •;:■> -> 
*, o*o4o*****ooo7 a XXO7 7 , 
// O /: ..Q Q 9 * * O G O * o * * * * * * * * O X 
/?X a X56fi**o*5*ooo*oo a n 
• * 
/X 7 XOOOGO*4G*G***o A a x / o. 
OOO 
_ _ 
***:• /VO#*! a* * * / xdOQ 
o**o 
*Q.XU 
OOO 

oooo4*********.: M n v 9 T r H - 
, 77 7 • *****ooo*44**4o***o 
J 
' '■* 
. . V 7 7o a***G G o###*oS oG G 
’ ’ a.1 '3 '} * * * * o # # # 4 * 4 * o * * 
/ 7 7 A aa o O G * * * * u * # # # # * 4 4 o * 
7oooooooooo*oo*oo44#t* *4■'< 
>********#Qo*oo*oo**4**44 *v 
"'^ * 5 S S i5 2 8 S I!lit8 8 e 
***o44 4 44o4o* 
***Q4**OGOGOO< 

A*o*o444444o44 

- v : x 
'V7 VO. 
KO 
’ oooooooo** * *o *.; 
X>***o***o44444o4o** a o*o******o444oooooo* 
ooo****o*o*o4444#444o 
oo*******oooo4o444444 
, 7 7 7 7 a XX oo**ooa *o*o*44444o44 a * * * * O*oooO*****o* * 4 44 4 fe o a *o,. 
■ a •..o***oooo*****oooo*444o“ ? 
?X*X*oXOoo******<'('>oo*yo 
____ 
-- ...... 
... XXOO***oo> oooooO<')('x')*<'O7 *#o A A i * * * * * * o o o * 4 4 4 4 * o * o # **o*ooo**o 7 • *oo • OO 
- “ ” “ - - 
- 
' OoV o * 7oQo.o( '4 * * 
oo44#** 
“####♦ 
. 
.„&&&&& 
G # # # # # # * * 4 * o * * o 4 4 o 4 o o * * o o fV “ o 4 * * 4 # * 
o o o * * 4 4 o##### # 4 o * * o o 4 o o o * * * * o -'>#44*#* 
o*> 
Q#44 *444o*o*ooooo** 
o####4t 

4 o 4 
O O -:> o o o o * o * * o X 7 XX# *4 
/">•'. 
' V x o 4 o * o # * * # * o . o # 4 4 # O 
*$*#> 
’xX VA.-.f? 
• - 41.......''/J-; XAA A ? t OOO ?C»*ooG4*GGoG/-. o#44* : 
2 t i i i i V • ' " 
' 
' Sit 
. . • . / • ooooO' •oo 
*o*oo*. 
* 
-• xQ$Q/VV v 

 x 
*, • 
» > v 
*<*»##(j g C) 
OOO■ O f4o**o 
#oooA.’/ 7 /■>*/■> 
. 
. / / . XoxioOo* 
OXXo4o4o**o7 
*oooo A /.;VV A 7 7 / 
... A AA o*7*o*44o 

O ' * o | | I | ^ * 8 / • 
V X # |w 8 •/ 
O O O *** 
. V 
76 o * # § * o ’ * * 
>J * x f 4 4 * 4 o * * 
:7 q3q*Q .a ... . 7,x a * * > * o o 
“ 
OX * o o 4 4 4 4 * o X / / ■•■/;;. ’ * 4 o o 4 o * a /■“ .: 7**<V>o4 7 
/ ’.'#o4444o4c 
* *<'>o*o4o441 
O’ A .o i o f i l f l 

» ' w a * '* 
•• 
XOQOO* *x*o*77ooo. XX? 7***o**oooo*ooo;a A 
, ~ . V 

'o*4# t 
•o44*o 
'J* * 4 *■ 

/ 7o< >**o* 
. o***o4o• 
**o4;** 

XOQO4oQOOQ X oX X Q 4***• 

IQI 
I####### 
A###.... 
I### 
_ 
______ 4####'_ 

<>t44#4##*'#l#####4#l*####_!!„nr_^Jlii^"k 
* ” 
** 
< > 4 4 4 # 4 # 4 # # 4 4 # 4 4 4 # 4 # # # # # # # # # # # # # 
'J*!*!##***#**##################### 

 munm j4 o 4 * # # # # # #tv - - tin 
*### 

 t# # # # # # # « # # 4 * 4 4 * 4 o 4 4 # # tt 

I # # # # # # # # # # # # 4 # o * 4 o o o o * 

 ii 
)####«tti4 

 p i i i i i i i i i i 1 
........................ 

O 4 4 o o o * * ’ 
___________ 
W .o .# # o o 4 OO* * 
# 4 4 o 4 o 4 4 o * * o o * o 4 4 o 4 4 'J * 4 # ’I »V<o4#fc#ns4# to o i 
O *4 **o .y 4 # O *o *'.>**O *O O 4 # *# 4 o 4 # * u t ib t t a iia ijt t ii 
........ 
*'/i:/*o*UO4y44<;.''jv4o*o*4*#tb###fctei:ttbti)j 

| # # # # 4 
. i#####i t######4 

M < 4 # # # # # # # # # 
H i 
| (.i* o 4 4 * * * o o | liiil!! ’ 
> o*444o4oo1 
6 o o # # * o 4 o 4 ' 
I#........ a 

 s m s i m 
' a5g?g5|J'ailliI|IlSHSSIS55JS5Sj rn 

S*4o*S44*ooo**ll4or*4*-**-----"““ li*4ib 
:5ooool4*oy •■ OoIlooluO* 
OOO ___ ■ I .......... 
> # o o 4 * * 4 # # 4 o o 4 o o # 4 4 4 t# * 4 4 o O $ 4 * 4 4 # * o 4 4 4 # 
######################444*### ####*#•< 
######################44u########### 
?#«##########*#*#*################## te } if{ J 5 J S m s t! 8 8 ! J 5 i! ! ! 5 5 8 8 ! 5 * 

12x 12 Portrait 

Only $2 

Photographic enlargements 

 to 12x12 .................................. 
$■ 

To Transfer on T-Shirt 
$ 1 extra 

#'MiMiM»MiMiM<# # ft#############*######## #.r,# # ###;># # 
# # 4 4 4 # # # # # # # # # # * # # #is#i:i:<# # # # . i« . i< M . 2 © # . f . K , r . 
# # # * 4 4 * 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 * 4 * # # # # # « # * # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # ii 
Here's how it works: 
The COMPUTER PORTRAIT SYSTEM utilizes a high speed DEC 
PDP8A computer to process the image of an individual seated before a television camera. The computer examines this image and compares the light and dark areas that it ’’sees” in 1/12 of a second, before printing out a series of 16 different alpha-numeric characters by means of a high speed Centronics 1o2AL printer. 

The COMPUTER PORTRAIT takes less than one minute to com­ plete, and the customer is free to get up and watch his remarka­ ble likeness print out on the computer and twenty seconds there­ after transferred to a T-shirt or cloth item. 

Additionally, COMPUTER PORTRAITS can be made from color or black and white photos as small as a postage stamp or from a postage stamp or from a poster size photo. (Photos must be left overnight) rn 
Available only at 
JCPenney 

Terrell Plaza 
842-3261 

Convenient locations to Open, Reopen, Adi) #' Ray o# Vowf_ Accovnf 

W onderland 
Downtown 
' Sooth Pori Mall 
’ ■ 

Talks lack positive end 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— 
S u n d a y May.22 1977 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 

GENEVA — Secretary of State Cyrus 
Vance and Soviet Foreign Minister 
Andrei Gromyko left here Saturday with sharply different public assess- ments of what had been achieved in three days of intensive negotiations between the two nuclear superpowers over new arms limitation agreements. 
While both top-ranking diplomats asserted some progress had been made in efforts to lay the groundwork for a new accord. Vance departed with a generally positive statement about the talks while Gromylo voiced a decidedly negative view . 
The negotiations that ended Friday night undisputed^- revived the bar­ gaining process between Washington and Moscow? that had been stalemated for more than a year. 

That achievement alone. Vance said at a press conference, improves the atmosphere of Soviet-Amertcan rela­ tions. which had been growing in­ creasingly sour. He acknowledged, however, that “ serious differences remain between us” on the terms of a new strategic arms limitation pact. 
But Gromuko, in remarks at the airport, went much further in declar­ ing that positions are still in conflict on fundamental points. 

“ One cannot draw the conclusion," he said, “ there is already progress on the road to a solution of the main problems. 
“ From all I can gather, the U.S. has not given up its attempts to achieve unilateral advantage. Nor has the U.S. given up its attempts to undermine the security of the Soviet Union. We cannot 

 accept that kind of agreement." lie also said, however, there has been some progress on a certain number of questions. Compared to the flat rejection that the Carter adminis­ tration received when Vance brought two American proposals to Moscow in 
March, Gromyko’s comment reflects at least some new, willingness to bar­ gain. 
A joint communique issued here 
Saturday reflected that attitude of compromise. 

It was clear from Vance’s press conference and the language of the com m unique 
— even before 
Gromyko’s airport remarks — that the terms of an actual accord still need to be hammered out, and Vance acknow­ ledged that will be difficult. . 

Crazies set for own parade 

Stock takes on new value 

DALLAS 
(AF) 
— 
Somewhere in a Nevada m ining town lives an 
8o-year-old man who spent 36 years of his life driving a delivery truck. 
He won't tell you his name, because he doesn't want you to get too inter­ ested in the quarter of a million dollars the nice banker from Dallas gave him. 
The old man didn t al­ ways think the banker w as so nice. When the first phone call came, he figured the slick-talking 
Texan was trying to sell him some of those LTV debentures he kept referring to. 

Caller 

Darwin Fendley ct 
First National Bank in 
Dallas was the c a lle r, and he sensed that the old man w asn’t quite com prehending. 
He asked if he could talk with the man's banker. 
The two bankers’ got together, and it turned out that Darwin Fendley really is Darw in Fendley and he really is with 
First National Bank. 
It all started in 1932, when the old m a n ’s father was given 4 7 ^ shares of the Dallas- based G reat A m erican 
Life Underwriters, Inc. 
The stock was probably worth around $2oo then. 
It wasn't uncommon to 
Offer such things as in­ ducements to buy insur­ ance policies, and that's how the father came into the stock. 
When the father died in 
Oklahoma, the stock w asn't valued at the probate hearing. 

Worthless 

It was considered 
Worthless. 
First National was ap­ pointed stock tra n sfe r agent in 19H1 for Great 
America Corp.’s acquisi­ tion of Great American 
Life Underwriters, Inc, 
Great America at that time had such other little properties as B raniff 
Airways and National 
Car Rental under its cor­ porate umbrella. 
Along came LTV Corp., which bought 
G reat 
America for $4oo million. 
LTV offered G reat 
America stockholders a debenture deal, and First 
National was nam ed liquidating trustee. it turned out that those stockholders who couldn't be located — in­ cluding the old m a n ’s lather — would forfeit the money to the State of 
Texas after a certain amount of time. 

Bothered 

That bothered Darwin 
Fendley. 
“ I guess we just don’t like turning things over to the state,” he said. 
Ile traced the stock buck to the old man in 
Nevada, despite the fact that corporate records couldn't provide a proper place from which to start. 
“When Fendley called last December he said this would make a nice 
Christmas present,” the old man said, quickly deciding what he’ll do with his new wealth. 
He's going to trade his old Pontiac in for a new 

Express-Newsi 

Want Ads 

225-1666! 

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - It may­ be the only time that the World s 
Biggest Midget Marching Band and the All Male Marching Kazoo and 
Boxer Band will ever be seen in public. 
But that’s what people were say­ ing about the Two-Bit W omen’s 
Drill Team last year and they’re back. 
Coming with them are The Bevy that Drove to the Levy in the Heavy 
Chevy, tho Quasimodo Marching 
Band, Rub-a-Dub-Dub in the Com­ munity Tub, the Ophir Prison 
Marching Kazoo Band, the March­ ing Plastic Trumpets & Trash Can 
Lid, the Diablo Nut and Screw As­ sociation and, well, you get the idea 
The excuse for this collection of crazies is the Let The Good Times 

Roll Parade. Part IV. sponsored bv radio station KNBR and scheduled for Sunday in Redwood City. 3o miles south of here. 
Spawned as the pay-off for an on-the-air bet between two disc jockeys, the parade "Just grew like a Frankenstein monster,” admits 
Frank Dill, one of the I),Is who created it. 
The parade was held in the East 
Bay community of Pleasanton for the first three editions, but the crowds it attracted finally forced city fathers there to decline to play- host again. 
“ We found that people really- liked the idea of being in a parade.” says Dill. “ We must have had 24o entries the first year, Including 16 real marching bands, and 75,ooo or 

HH).(KH) people came out lo watch. 
Part of the appeal of the parade is* its daffiness, it’s attraction to what 
Dill describes as a "certain flavor of people who never get in a parade and spend all year thinking up an entry." 
He adds that "part of the fun is going to the parade just to see what some of the entries turn out to bo." 
The Two-Bit W om en’s Drill 
Team, for instance, turned out to be two women m arching down the street holding drills In their hands. 
Among this y e a r’s entries are 
Captain Sticky, describ ed as 
"A m erica's only caped crusader and the Chief Allied Commander of the World Organization Against 
Evil.” He will be arm ed with a howitzer that shoots Twinkles. 

Prices effective through May 28,197/I jrvian A &«* 

' 
' 
...v 

Free d e liv e ry within W h ite s service area! 

YOUR PERSONAL SYLVANIA 19” PORTABLE TV 
SALE 
PRICED $ 13488 

CATALINA 
Catalina I 2 cubic foot refrigerator. 

Regular 
$329.oo 229 
OO 

Charge it! 
Whites EZE credit plan. 

Save big on Whites great power customs! 

A78-13BW 4 for *69 plus F.E.T; 

15,ooo mile limited warranty against al! road hazards and wearout! 

78 series low profile design for the “today” look plus tough, dependable 4 ply construction. 
Proven potybutadiene tread compounds give you excellent mileage potential plus positive traction and braking. 

 lire Size 
F.E. Tax 
BW 
Sole Price 
WW 
Sol# Price 
A78 x 13 
$1 72 
4 for $79.oo- 
4 for ooo.oo- 
A78 x 15 
1 9o 
4 for 6o>oo‘ 
4 for 96.oo- 
C7S x.J3 
1.97 
4 for 92.oo* 
4 for 99.oo* 
C7® x 14 
2o1 
__ 
4 for 1o4.oo* 
ETB x 14 
223 
4 for 1o4.oo* 
4 for 116.oo* 
F78x 14 
237 
4 for 1oo.oo* 
4 for 12o.oo* 
o78 x 14 
2 53 
4 for 112.oo* 
4 for 124.oo* 
o78 x 15 
2 59 
4 for 116.oo’ 
4 for 12o.oo* 
H78 x 14 
2 73 
— 
4 for 126.oo* 
H78 x 15 
I 79 
— 
4 for 122.oo* 
L7$x 15 
3o9 
— 
4 for 144.oo* 

•Plus F E Tax on each tire 
Free mounting 

Balance 
4 wheels 

Precision off-car bubble balance of 4 wheels. Weights in­ cluded. Mag wheels extra. 
7.88 

Front end alignment 

We precision adjust caster, camber & toe, then road test. 
8.88 most cars 

Lube job 
We lube your car, check all fluid levels, check air filter, belts and hoses. 
Cars with zerks. 
1.88 

‘ti**} 

Save Vi Price on Serta Perfect Sleepers 

Hurry! For a limited time only save on discontinued models of nationally advertised bedding. 
SERTA 
PERFECT 
SLEEPER 

Something 

 great to 

 sleep on! 

_ j c ? 
-** f 
/ » * 
- v - . - - Z ' * 
'J,. 
. 
T 
-• r z j - I - , , - .. 
/f* 
LD^We . C ’ 
^ - ET r rpP£Lr' 
>r 

 r r- .-* k \ ' 
A z w r 
7 .:/ 
/"I*-* 
I s t f ' fn r 

A f l 
* f. 

WHITE’S ADVERTISING POLICY 

Our evory Intention is to h svs all advertized items in stock on our shelves, lf an advertized Item is not available for any unforeseen reason, White s will issue a 
RAIN CH ECK on request for the merchandise at the sale pries when it is available or will offer a comparable item at a similar reduction In price. 

Charge Itl 
Whites EZE credit plan. 

8ERTA PERFECT SLEEPER . .. Exclusive palenfed innerspring construction with 
Sertaliner bands and twin edge design assures firm healthful support and relaxing comfort. 
Boxsprings are scientifically designed to sup­ port mattress with coil over coil construction. 
Covered in a luxurious quilted damask 

Vi P ric e 

 on Full, Twin, K ing & Q ueen size bedding sets 

King size set 
Mattress "Sbd 2 Boxsprings 
Regular 479 95 

Now only 239.95 
YOU SAVE $24o 

Queen size set 
Mattress and Boxsprmg 
Regular 339.95 

Now only 169.95 
YOU SAVE $17o 

Full size set mattress and box springs. 

Reg. 2 5 9 .9 o « A 
A 
O 
C 
YOU SAVE 
Now only 
I i Y e 
T 
S 
$129 
Twin Size Set 
Mattress and box spring 

Reg. 2 1 9 .9 o m 
O 
C 
YoU SAVE 
Now only 
I 
& 
$1o9 

★ 3114 WOODLAWN 
AT BANDERA RD. 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SERVICE DEPARTMENT 

★ 149 TERRELL PLAZA 
12oo BIK. AUSTIN HWY. 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

1o2 N.W. CENTER 
36oo FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

1751 S. W.W. WHITE RD. 
OPEN THURSDAY 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CINTER 

6o2 W. SOUTHCROSS 
AT THE EXPRESSWAY 
Mon.-Fri. 9-7 
Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

 if 2115 GOLIAD RD. 
Mon.-Fri. 9-7 
Sat. 9-6 
SUPER SERVICE CENTER 

Ba n k Am e r ic a r o 

Sex is winner of sexual revolution 

ASSOCIATED WIESS 
“ The sex revolution is over,*’ says Dr. Murray 
Kappelman. “ And,” the behavorial pediatrician adds with a serious smile, “ sex has clearly won.” 
So, he tells parents, don’t bury your head like an ostrich, don’t remark at the dinner table how disgraceful it was that so and so became pregnant, and don't lay a '5os trip on your adolescents. 
“ Sex is a normal, inte­ gral part of a teen-ager’s life today,” says Dr. 
Kappelman. a 45-year-old father of four who grew up in those days of long ago when he was not al­ lowed to see “ The Moon 
Is Blue” because it con­ tained the word “ v ir­ gin.” 
Phone calls 
“ Any parent who doesn't wonder whether two teen-agers keeping steady company are not sexually active is not liv­ ing in 1977.” 
Such rem arks have prompted some irate telephone calls to the talk shows where the affable 
Dr. Kappelman has ap­ peared to promote his new book, “ Sex and the 
American Teenager.” 
“ Why don’t you get out of our lives?” demanded one woman. 
Replied 
Kappelman: “ I will as soon as sex does.” 
Others have called to ask where he has been all their lives. 
Kappelman’s book is rallier Dr. Spockian in its common sense approach. 
Ile advises parents to make it clear that they don't necessarily con­ done what their kids are doing but that they are prepared to accept it. 
There is no other choice, he adds. That done, why not talk about it? His message for his patients, the sexually troubled teens: "B e responsible and be yourself.” 
Ile chuckles at his own five word summation: “ I guess that really applies to everything in life, doesn’t it.” 
A slender man with warm eyes, Dr. Kappel­ man is fluent in teen- agese and a good listener 

DR. KAPPELMAN 

 when a teen-ager comes in complaining of headaches but suffering from acute sexual panic.* 

Responsibility 

He defines res­ ponsibility as respon­ sibility to yourself, to your partner and to society. By society, how­ ever. he does not mean the mores of the parents, religion or the communi­ ty. He means criminal acts such as rape or in­ cest . 
Kappelman. a profes­ sor of pediatrics, finds too many problems aris­ ing from too little know­ ledge. 
A pregnant 
I.‘{-yearob! came to him and said she didn t think it would happen because she was too young. Doc­ tors must now look beyond the genital areas for signs of venereal disease. 
Youngsters begin ex­ perimenting with sexual activity earlier today than they did in the '5os and in more varied ways, 
Kappelman says. A large number of teen-agers are sexually active by the time they are 13 or 14, the early high school years, he says. Twenty years ago, experimentation 

 began in the late teens. 
“ Sure, we still find the 
11-or 12-year-old girl w ho is pregnant, bul that hasn't changed, really. 
There was always the girl who matured early, and within her cultural background sexual ac­ tivity began early. But now, the age of 13 to 14 has reached down into the middle class.” 
Kappelman says this part of the revolution has created more problems for teen-agers than in those simple days when there were “ good girls” and “ bad girls.” And a lot of the problem has landed on the boys. 

Saying ‘no’ 

“ The teen-age boy is in the situation where the teen-age girl used to be. 
He has to learn to say no. 
In my day, a young man could say no by coming up with something like ‘I respect you too much.’ 
With the sexually asser­ tive female and women's lib, that won't work. The young man now must ask how do I say no. And if I say no, what does that mean about mc?’” 
Kappelman says the situation is magnified by the dichotomy the young man sees between his female role model — his mother and her passive­ ness — and the attitude of the peer group. 
And the young man s normal apprehension of homosexuality is in­ creased by the pressure. 
It almost always only means one thing — the young man is not ready. 
The girl is more mature emotionally and phy­ sically than her partner. 

Homosexual 

Bul it might mean what the young man is fearing — homosexuali­ ty. Kappelman does not shy away from that. If. after counseling and 

VV indcresl Creative Center 

A defensive driving class will be held at the 
Windcrest Creative Center. 5Ho5 Windsong, Tuesday through Thursday from 6:3o to 9:3(1 p.m. 

For information and regiatration. call Yan T. 
Smith. 344-3934 

Just in Time for Graduation... 

3 3 Y7 - 

S 

 ao< J'°s 

 fclO t'loo 

'xoC* f V e' 
,o a * 

< * * S £ > ? F ree G,t* 
E \e g ° nt 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zales Revolving Charge • Zales Custom Charge • BankAmericard 
Master Charge* American Express* Diners Club* Carte Blanche* Layaway 

• 4oo f. HOUSTON 
• 116 t. HOUSTON 
Shop Downtown 
Thin*. {ironings 
• LA FERIA CENTER 
• WINDSOR PARK 
ZALES 
The Diamond Store 

• NORTH STAR WAH 

• PERRIN PLAZA 

• UNIVERSAL CITY 

• WALNUT SQUARE 

New Iro u n fo fs,!». 
P a rk Free W ith Purchase Dow ntow n 

Sale prices effective on selected merchandise. Entire stock not included in this sole. Original price tag shown on every item. All items subject to prior sale. Items illustrated not necessarily those on sale. 

Illustrations enlarged. 

 therapy, the young man has reached that deci­ sion. Kappelman will counsel him on that, too. 
That is not always so easy. 
He tells of one young man who finally arrived 

 at the conclusion that he was homosexual. 
He loved his parents and wanted to share that aspect of his life with them. He asked Kappel­ man to help him tell them, r 

The parents promptly disowned him. 
“ I couldn’t convince them that sex was such a small part of his life, that the son they loved was still the same son,” he relates sadly. 

Girls also face prob­ lems — the opposite of the ones the girl of the ads had to face. 
“ The pressure from the peer group and the media to be sexually ac­ tive is enormous,” says 

Kappelman. “ And some girls just aren’t ready. 
T o d a y if a girl is a virgin and a college freshman, she is made to feel she is in need of some kind of therapy. That was just the opposite 2o years 

 ago. 
Kappelman is not a big fan of this phenomenon.1 
“ Each individual must decide for himself, when he or she is physically and emotionally ready,” he says. 
G O O D Y E A R 
Re A t m 
- 

1976 
Indianapolis Winner 
Johnny Rutherford 
Winner...* 
Goodyear 

S ite 

Regular Price 
| 

W hite 
Le tte r 
W hite 
Stripe 

A7o-13 
$45.85 
NA 

D7o-14 
$51.1o 
NA 

E7o-14 
$51.95 
$49.7o 

F7o-14 
S56.15 
$53.7o 

G 7o-14) 
S58.55 
$56.oo 

G7Q-15 
$6o.o5 
$57.45 

H7o-14 
$63.o5 
NA 

H7o-T5 j $64.55 
$61.75 

SALE PRICE 
White Letter 
Or White 
Strife 

Sale Ends Saturday 

ON SALE THRU SAT.! 
Save *12 to *19 On These 
'Polyglas'GT Wide Treads 

Polyglas GT.'..for performance cars 

Double Steel Belted 
New Car Radials 

Size 
Regular 
Price 
SA L E ?• 
PRICE 

PlusF.E.T. 
No trade needed - 

E6o-14 

E6o-15 
S564l 
$58 6(T 

$44 * 
$2.68 

$2.73 

F6o-141 $61 o5 
F T 2.82 

F6o-15 I $62.65 !V $ 4 s l [ $2.93 

G6o-14j[$63.65 B E H ® [ $3.o7 

G6o-15 I $65 3o I r$3.o8 

H6o-15 [$7o.15 B 2 * r $ 3 . 5 6 ^ ] 

L6o-141[$74.85 U 
S B 
I I $3.56 

L6o-15 I| $76.oo 
$57 ,, 
$3.7o 

Sale Ends Saturday 

Custom Tread' 
Now Af Regular low Prices 

B R 78 -13 w hitew all, plus 
$2 o6 F E T. and old tire 

Whitewall 
Size 
OUR [ 
PRICE s- 

Plus F.E.T. and old tire 

| ER/8-14 
- . $54' ,r 
$2 47 

FR78-14 
, $54 
_ $2 65 

FR78-15 
, : 'M o 
$259 

GR78-15 m 
& z m 
_ $2 9o 
" 

HR78-15 
$311 ~ 

JR78-15 I 
“ 9 
J 
$3 27 

LR78-15 I 
$73 '. 
$3 44 

RAIN CHECK -- lf we sen out of your size Aft wit! issue you a fain check assuring future dei'very at the advertised price. 

MAKE YOUR 
OWN TRACKS 
WITH OUR 
'TRACKER AT' 
J65°° $72°° 

1o*15 TL 
Load Range B Blackwall 
Plus $4 18 F E T and old tire 

1o-15 TI 
Load Range B W HITE L E H E R 
Plus $4 18 F E.T and old tire 

o For 4 wheel drives, 
o All­ pick-ups and R V !s terrain 
Rugged poly­ ester cord body 

Auto Service.. 

Lube & Oil Change 

$ 5 8 8 

Up to 5 Qts of major brand 
IO 3o grade oil 

• Complete ch assis lubrica­ tion and oil change • Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth quiet perfor­ mance • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 

Front-End Alignment 

$ 1 3 8 8 

Ask for our Free 
Battery Power Check 

U S made cars - parts extra if needed 

Includes front wheel drive cars 

• Complete analysis and alignment correction — to increase tire mileage and improve steering • Precision equipment, used by experi­ enced mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 

Engine Tune-Up 

*3688 

6 cyl. 
Add 14 tor 
8 r.yi 
$2 for air cond 

Price Includes 
Parts and labor 

•Our m echanics electron­ ically fme-tune your en­ gine • New points, plugs and condenser • Test charging/stariing sys­ tems. adjust carburetor • 
Helps maintain a smooth running engine • Includes 
Datsun, Toyota. VW and light trucks 

• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan * Master Charge 
« BankAmericard » American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 
Just S a y 'Charge It.'.. 
See The Guys 
In The Winners Caps 
A i4 
■K G O O D A Y E A R 

See Y o u r Independent Dealer For H it Price. Price* At Shown At Goodyear Service Store* In AH Communities Served By This Newspaper. Services Not Available at Starred Locations. I 

D O W N T O W N 
3 I 6 S. St. M a r y s 
222-1373 

NORTHEAST 
1318 Austin Highway 
324-o2o8 

NORTH STAR 
226 Rector 
344-9786 
■■■(Across from N Star M oIIj m m m 

NORTH 
47o2 San P e d ro 
824-2371 

DOW NTOW N 
4o1 N . A la m o 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
656-3111 

NEW BRAUNFELS 

625-2323 
KERRVILLE 
257-8484 
NORTHWEST 
3566 Fredsbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
1811 West Commerce 
225-7677 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W. Military 
923-4563 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Fair 
534-5468 

EAST 
3o3o East Commerce 
225<7266 

NORTHWEST 
1498 Hillcrest 
434-31o6 

FREDERICKSBURG 

997-7556 
SEGUIN 

379-228o 
G O O D Y EA R INDEPENDENT DEALERS 
* BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
D evine, T e x as 
6 6 3 - 5 7 o 6 _________ 
* ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
I 19 W . O a k la w n Hw y., 
9 7 W e st P leasan ton, T e x a s 5 6 9 - 3 4 8 4 

 dr BAU M AN TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 

+ RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, 
8 2 9 P a t B o o k er R o a d 
U n iv e rsa l City, Tx. 
INC. 

★ SPEIER AUTO SERVICE CENTER 
421 F redericksbu rg R o a d 
7 3 4 - 4 3 8 S 
9 KELFER TIRE CO. 
4 o o South 
Fiores 3 3 6 -4 1 I I 

Sort Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sundew May 22 1977 
Page 
I -B 

Vacancy 
While this rooming house on Roosevelt Avenue appears to have made space for a new tenant, this isn’t actually the fate awaiting those who haven’t paid the rent on time. It s just an old mannequin tossed into the garbage. — Staff Photo by John Tarsikes 
Mental patients flee institution 

BEACON, N.Y. (AP) - Police used bloodhounds and helicopters to comb heavily wooded areas of D utchess 
€ minty on Saturday for eight escaped mentally ill prison inmates — four of them convicted killers. 
In what was described as one of the largest escapes in state history, a total of IO inmates cut through a series of barred windows and fled the max- imum-securitv section of the Fishkill 
Correctional Facility late Friday night or early Saturday. 

That section, known as Matteawan 
State H ospital, houses convicted c riminals who have become mentally ill since being incarcerated. 
Two of the escapees were captured shortly after 3 a.m. when Matteawan officials first realized the inm ates were m issing. They w ere nabbed within a mile of the facility. 
All police units in Dutchess County were in on the hunt, with roadblocks set up at key points throughout the rural area of the Hudson River Valley, about 9o miles north of New York City. 

The inmates were believed unarmed at the time of their apparently well- planned breakout. But state trooper 
John O’Connell described them as dangerous and warned residents to be on the lookout for any suspicious per­ sons. 
It was not known whether the in­ mates were wearingeivilian clothes or the green fatigue prison garb. 
The inmates, all from the New York 
City area, were discovered m issing after troopers responded to complaints of a prowler in a nearby suburban development. They captured one of the escapees, and a subsequent bedcheck at the facility revealed that nine others were missing. 
Cut bars 
Matteawan spokesm an W illiam 
Sehnitzer said the men cut through the bars over windows in their ward, then 
“ walked across a corridor roof, dropped down into an inside yard, cut through the bars into a cellar area, crossed the cellar area and cut bars leading to the outside.” 

In Time For Your Graduate. . . 
Sam sonite 
O n c e -A -Y e a r, First Quality, 
R e gu la r Stock L u g g a g e 
SALE! 

Hurry! 
Sale Now 
Thru June 5 

If s Sam sonite' Saving time. And you can save’as much as 
3 3 % . 
Save on rugged, beautiful 
Silhouette"; 
Sam sonite's most popular line. Save on Classic 
III at­ taches. The standard in business cases for people who depend on organization. And save on the revolutionary High Rise D o p p R 
Kit. Dual size inner compartment expands from its IO ” regular size to hold as much as a 12” kit. All colors and styles are on sale. 

•TEM 
REGULAR PRICE 
SALE PRICE 
SAVINGS 
ITEM 
REGULAR PRICE 
SALE PRICE 
SAVINGS 
SILHOUETTE LADIES’ 
SILHOUETTE MEN S 

Casual Tote 
$34 OO 
$23 5o 
$1o.5o 
Men s Suit-Pak 
$46 OO 
$36.oo 
$1o.oo 

Ladies' Shoulder Tote 
38 OO 
28 5o 
9.5o 
21 Men s Companion 
5o.oo 
4o.oo 
1o.oo 

 ladies' Handi Tote 
4o OO 
3o OO 
1o.oo 
24 Men s Companion 
68.oo 
5o.oo 
18.oo 

Ladies' Dress Pok 
46 oo 
36.oo 
1o.oo 
Men s Two-suiter 
76.oo 
57 oo 
19.oo 

Ladies' Beouty Case 
48 OO 
32 OO 
16.oo 
Men s Three-suiter 
8o.oo 
6o.oo 
2o.oo 

Ladies' o Nite 
5o.oo 
4ooo 
1o.oo 
Three-suiter Cartwheel 9o.oo 
67.5o 
22.5o 

24 Ladies' Pullman 
68 OO 
5o OO 
18.oo 
CLASSIC ATTACHE 

26 Pullman Case 
78oo 
58.5o 
19.5o 
Computer (3" sire) 
$48 oo 
$36 oo 
$12.oo 

26 Cartwheel 
88 oo 
66 oo 
22.oo 
Diplomat (S ' Size) 
52 OO 
39 OO 
13.oo 

29 Cartwheel 
1oo oo 
8o OO 
2o.oo 
DOPP HIGH RISE 

IO " High Rise 
22.oo 
16 5o 
5.5o onio 
* ALAMO HAZA 
* WOMDOUMD 
* NOETH STAR MAU it McatflESS SHORTING CENTER 
+ WINDSOR TARK MAU 
W irt 

LAST WEEK! ONEIDA 
STAINLESS SALE! 

Patterns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale prices 

Silver, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall 

Save 25%! Heirloom LTD stainless 
5o 
22 
5-pc. pl. setting, reg. 3o.oo 

2o-pc. set, reg. 12o.oo 
. ............................ 89.95 

Perfect for formal or informal dining! 5-pc. place setting includes: salad fork, place fork, knife, teaspoon, place spoon. Choose Act I with mirror finish or Act II with satin finish. 

Save 49%! Deluxe" stainless flatware in five patterns 
6 
99 
5-pc. pl. setting, reg. 13.75 

Easy care, solid stainless steel flatware, now sale priced! 
Each 5-pc. place setting includes place fork, salad fork, knife, teaspoon and place spoon. Choose from 5 patterns, including Applique, Mozart, Chateau, Cherie and 
Independence Pistol. 

Save 25% on Community® stainless in five patterns 
999 
5-pc. pl. setting, reg. 15.75 

Sturdy, practical stainless flatware with the beauty of silver! Each 5-pc. place setting includes place fork, salad fork, knife, teaspoon, place spoon. Select from Louisiana, 
Paul Revere (plain handle), Paul Revere (pistol handle), 
Venetia or Coronation patterns. 

Save 35%! stainless flatware 
15* 

5-pc. pl. setting, reg. 25.oo 

Save 25% on 2o-pc. sets, reg. 85.oo . . . 63.75 

Each 5-pc. stainless steel place setting in­ cludes: dinner fork, salad fork, knife, teaspoon, place spoon. Choose from 4 pat­ terns, including Shelley, American Colonial, 
Michelangelo and Dover. 

O neida stainless steel flatware has a m anufacturer's warranty. For a free copy of the warranty, write Joske's of 
Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6. 

SALE! One week only! 
Towle sterling silver flatware in open stock 

SAVE 4o% 

For example: Old Master pattern 
Place fork, reg. 46.oo 
27.6o 
Place knife, reg. 41.oo ................................................... 24.6o 

Exquisite sterling silver flatware by Towle, now at sale prices! Take advantage of these special savings to start or complete your service. Choose from 22 patterns, including 
Chippendale, Fontana, M adeira, Old Lace, Rambler 
Rose, Silver Flutes, Spanish Provincial, Candlelight, 
Country Manor, Craftsman, French Provincial, Legato, 
Old Master, Carpenter Hall, Danish Baroque, Debussy, El 
Grandee, G rand Duchess, King Richard, Laureate, Man­ darin and Queen Elizabeth I. Patterns and pieces not in stock may be special ordered at sale prices. 

Especially for you. the Bride-To-Be: Joske's offers, free, a complete W edding Gift Registry 
Service. It functions to help you, your family and your friends with your selections. Remem­ ber Joske's loves Brides, Brides love Joske's. m A UNIT o r ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 

Miss your fat arite m ap opera? Catch up with this handy rundown on the n eck's mishaps. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Christina turned lo David and admitted she'd acci­ dentally killed her father. 
Kitty realized that Line and Myrtle tried to hide 

 the fact that Kitty’s ter­ minally ill. Anne cam e 
(Hit of a coma, but didn t acknow ledge 
Paul 
Brooke agreed not to see 
Benny after Danny a d ­ mitted his love for her. 
J e f f tried to reconcile 
Frank and Nancy. 
AS 
TH E 
W ORLD 
TURNS: 
John realized he’d been caught by Dan 

 and Kim. but insisted he wouldn’t give up Andv. 
Joyce announced sh e’s pregnant. Val became a hospital aide to be near 
Bob. ( ared approved of 
Ja y and Natalie’s work­ ing together. 
L au rie helped Tom recuperate from a minor auto acci­ dent. Mary was devastat­ ed to learn John was the 

Wb care about your son at San Antonio Academy. 

Established in 1886. San Antonio Academy 

 is the oldest private military school west o f the 
Mississippi. We offer an outstanding faculty and curriculum for your son, pre-school through 8th grade. 
Our low teacher/student ratio allows individu­ alized attention for each boy. In a military environment which enhances self-discipline, we offer a well rounded program emphasiz­ ing strong academ ics, ath letics, cultural activities and non-dem oninationai chapel services. 
Caring about boys has been a 91-year tradition at San Antonio Academy. C all, write or come by tor an appointment if you’re interested in the best education your son can experience. 

512/713-7 J31 
P.O. BO X 12o48 
117 E. FRENC H PLAC E 
SAN ANTONIO. TX. 78212 
SAN 
ANTONIO 
ACADEMY 

 kidnapper. 
ANOTHER WORLD: 
Mac and Rachel matched 
Burt and Regine to make 
C la ric e jealo u s. M a r­ ianne told John that Olive only loves his money. 
Owen suspected Evan of plagiarizing design plans for Vera’s new stadium project. Scott failed to reconcile 
Willie and 
Angie then dated her himself. Dave and Alice spurrer! Russ to get ser­ ious with Corinne. 
DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 
David and Valerie scout­ ed apartments and jobs for David in Washington. 
T rish confessed to 
Brooke sh e ’s carry in g 
David’s child, not Mike’s. 
R eb ecca and 
D ougie visited Robert. Marie de­ cided to stay and nurse 
Tom . Sharon rejected 
K a r l’s suggestion that they move to Madrid. Bill was angry that Greg of­ fered Laura the job of 
Head of Psychiatry. Neil and M ary planned an out-of-town rendezvous. 
THE DOCTORS: 
< ar- olee remembered sh e’d been attacked by two men in New York, which pre­ cipitated her breakdown. 
Jason realized that Ann went away for fear of be­ ing identified as Mrs. Lo­ m ax, whose files, he learn ed , are m issin g . 
S a ra and Luke had a falling out over his affair with Eleanor. 
TH E 
E D G E 
OF 
NIGHT: 
D rap er and 
April were .smitten with each other. Laurie went into deep d epressio n 

Review 

By JON-MICHAEL REED 

 after the grand jury in­ dicted Mike for murder. 
Tim my returned to the 
K a r r s. 
Tracy grew frantic when Inez’s m a­ dame, Mrs. Yost, tried to set up a meeting. Saxon tried to use Danny to convince Deborah that 
Steve is bad news. 
G E N E R A L 
H O SP I­ 
TAL: Terri remembered everything and told Mary 
Ellen she intended to in­ form Mark. Rick failed to reconcile with Lesley and she took a leave from the hospital. Tom planned to move away with Tommy. 
Martha helped Mike hide out in the Taylor base­ ment. At her boyfriend 
D ex ter’s u rg in g , Jill forged Adam’s signature to buy a car. 
GUIDING 
LIGH T: 
Adam moved out on Bar­ bara. Ben was rejected by Hope anil grew inter­ ested in Evie. While on a picnic, Ed and Holly re­ m em bered their good 

 times Mike told Rita that no one will ever really know for su re how 
Malcolm died. 
LOVE OF L IF E : 
Ar­ lene confronted fan with 
Ray’s story about Ian’s wife. Ian put Arlene in her place and said he never intended to marry 
Arlene. 
C h a rle s con­ vinced F e lic ia to talk about their situation face to face. Betsy believed 
Ben wants Mia. 
ONE L IF E TO LIFE: 
Matt told Dorian he’s the only one who loxes her. 
Karen admitted to Jenny she’s bored with being a mother, but Larry reject­ ed hiring a nanny for 
Danny. Will was jealous of B rad flirtin g with 
Jenny. Marco accused 
S am an th a of being a tease, and picked up a new girl. Kevin was bap­ tized. 
RYAN’S HOPE: 
Jack was released from the hospital, wavered about 
Mary’s loving attention, but rejected taking part in natural ch ildbirth . 
Seneca gave in to Roger’s threats. Clem hired Ali­ cia. Pat and Maeve fell for D ee’s m isc a r r ia g e story. 
SEA RCH 
FOR 
TO­ 
MORROW: 
Stephanie grew jealous id' Jo h n ’s attentions to Jo. Kathy invited David to a bar association dinner after 
Scott m ade other plans with Erie. Stu refused to hire Steve after learning about Kitty. Woody in­ 

 sisted he’d find a plastic surgeon for Liza. 
THE 
YOUNG 
AND 
THE R E S T L E S S : 
Je n ­ nifer had an attack after learn in g that 
Stu art knows the truth about 
Laurie’s natural father. 
New nurse Cynthia Har­ ris offered to work at 
Snapper’s clinic and has her eye on him. Leslie returned fhome to Brad, but dicing tell him about the m iscarriage. Brock gave Jody a busgirl job and a place to live. Ron convinced Nancy to leave the hospital with him, but she remained unrespon­ sive. Hay and Joan n cle a re d the air about their relationship. 
ALL THAT GLITTERS: 
Peggy had a rendezvous in a m otel room and played out a submissive fem ale fan tasy with a man, who turned out to be her normally subservient husband, Walter. L.W. gave Christina the Linda 
Murkland film project, which involved Joan and hip-talking studio tycoon. 
Cat Bourbon. Christina decided not to live full­ time with Dan, while 
Glen advised Burt to join the sw in g in g sin gle crowd. 
Send your questions about so a p o p e ras to 
“ Tune In Tomorrow.” P. 
o. Box 2171, San Antonio, 
T ex., 78297. Q uestions cannot be answered per­ sonally, but those of gen­ eral interest will be ans­ wered in future columns. 

Viva Knievel 

M ICH A EL JO YN ER practices with his Eve! Knievel toy stratocycle in preparation for the Express- 
N e w s’ competition coming up Saturday. Grand prize is a three-day trip to New Orleans to meet 
Knievel and attend the world premier of his new 

Home safe home. 
Security. Af 4oo1 North New Braunfels, It 
Isn't just a feeling, It is a fact. Each tower residence, each town home is protected by on electronic surveillance network, moni­ tored around the clock by the lobby secu­ rity control center. Access to one's home is gained with the flash of a com m and key cord which activates a sophisticated locking system. Once inside, the flip of I a switch activates on alarm system which alerts the security center of any attempted entry. There are roving uniformed guards, smoke and heat detection alarms, and each resi­ de nee is connected directly to the 
I— 

 security center by on emergency assis­ tance coll button. 
Are these unusual safety precautions necessary? Yes. Elaborate security insures the private, unhurried lifestyle our residents demand. And their peace of mind insures our continued success. 
Over fifty per cent of the tower resi- 

I dences are sold. One penthouse, and 
| only a dozen townhomes ore still available. The opportunity to own one of these unparalleled residences will never again present itself. There is, and will only be, one 4oo1. By appoinf- 
— I ment only, 828-6386. 

Lucey: Carter has inspired public faith 

DALLAS (AP) — President C arter’s most sig ­ nificant achievement in four months in office has been to restore faith in government, Wisconsin Gov. 
Patrick Lucey said Saturday. 

“ It is my hope that President C arter’s current high standing polls will develop into the kind of respect and consensus that is essential to the effec­ tive operation of our political system ,” Lucey said in remarks prepared for a commencement crowd at the University of Texas at Dallas. 

Lucey, who was also to meet during the,, weekend with Texas Mexican-American leaders to discuss his nomination as U.S. am b assa d o r to Mexico, said restoration of the public’s faith should also be the concern of private institutions such a s law and medicine. 

Lucey said the American legal system results in too much litigation of disputes that were formerly settled by personal communication, and said na­ tional health insurance program s are encouraging unnecessary medical care for patients. 

Save *2.99 and NEVER, 
Never Max Again 

 f o r vests. you've be«*n to ld to w a * y o u r 

 fu rn itu re Y o u d id N o t* y o u r h o m e lo o k * lik e a w a * m u se u m , w ith fu rn itu re c o a le d w ith laye rs o f w a * c o n t a in in g p o l­ 

 lu ta n ts that tu rn d a rk a n d u gly w ith age. 

 f u r n it u r e so c o a te d that se tting a n y th in g 

 h o t o r w e t o n it le ave s w h ile spots. 
W e ll 
N o w y o u ne ve r ha ve i o w a , a ga in , 

 b e c a u s e th e f C u m b y f u r n it u r e C a r e K it is the 

 p r o p e r w ay to p re se rv e the natural b e a u ty o f 

 y o u r fu rn itu re 
It ’s re gu la rly a $12 9h retail va lu e , b u t d u r in g this sp e c ia l in tro d u c to ry oiler, u s 

 o n sa le fo r $9 97 . . a n d that m e a n s y o u 

 sa v e $2.99 a n d n e v e r ha ve lo w a * a gain. 
Ask for your bee ropy c l H om e, f orm bv’s H om e C are Booklet. 

W HILE Q U A N TITIES LAST! 
SORRY. NO RAINCH ECKS! 

The Kit Contains 

(2) Kb o 2 . Softie*. Furniture 
C Horner/W*« Remover fattily rem o ves y e o f WM* b uild tip 

(I) 16 at. fettle le m o n O il 
Furniture treatment 
Pt'fieirjpt's deep in hi the w ood festoon# its fidfufal bedull 

Mittens 

O n e corduroy t learning mitten for removal of wa* and p ol­ lutants O ne IOO’ soft < Olton for polishing and dusting Both mittens make it easter to care for those difficult places on furniture 
D O IT Y O U R SE L F 
HOME CENTERS! 

Poge 
2-B 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sundoy Moy 22 1977 
Bad scenes abound in Soapland 

KU A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

R eg. 12.oo-3o.oo. Great savings on leather and cloth casual shoes for summer. Top: Slip-on with moccasin weave trim and a center gore for comfort, in white or tan, 19.99. Bottom: All cloth shoe with multi-striped band across instep, in white or blue, 7.99. Sizes 
7V2-11, 12 M and 9-11 N; and 7-11, 12, 13 M. Men's Shoes, Down­ town, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. Use your Joske's en­ joyment card and charge it! 

7 9 9 4 9 9 9 

NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 

Save 4.o1-1o.o1! men's sport and 
Group of casual shoes 

TRAVEL AND GIFT ITEMS 
FOR YOUR GRADUATE 

V \ U W I I I I I / / 1 / / 
; ll 12 I S no Jctk Thew 
^ ^ 
E9 

' S 
\ 
4 
' 
Z 6 5 $ 
/ / / ' n i i \ v v v n v >> in.—— ...............WMH.,,. .... 
..in..... ... 

 rn................I iMimiM i 
..... 
.... 

Know the right time anywhere with handy travel clocks 

 a . Seth Thomas Travaguide 

Handsome simulated leather case en­ cases a white dial with raised brass numerals. No need to turn the light on to see what time it is, the hands and hour dots are luminous. 2" dial. Available in black or red. 1o.95. 

 b . Seth Thomas Tour-a-Date 

Keep track of your days as well as your time with this convenient travel clock that features day/date. Displayed on a white dial along with raised brass col­ ored numbers. Luminous hands. All in a simulated leather case with brass trim. 
Black or tan. 13.95 

 c. Travasuede Travel Clock 

Classy soft brown fabric cover­ ed case with polished brass trim contains a brown square face clock. 
Hour dots and hands are luminous. 
Also available in round face with a tan case, 16.95 

Small 
Electrics, 
Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park, Las 
Palmas and Austin. 

X 
/ 
/ 

Cl 

?m T / 

End spills with the push of a button? 
Thermo-Seal pushbutton container lets you enjoy coffee and drive 

595 

Now you can enjoy your morning coffee on your way to work, without worrying about spilling it . . . Thermo-Seal is an in- geniously designed beverage container that allows you to drink from it with just the push of a button. When you release the button, it automatically seals itself to prevent spills. Its double walled con­ struction helps keep liquids hot or cold. Take your beverage with you anywhere, and never worry about spills again! 5.95. You can charge it with your Joske s charge card! Housewares, Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 

For people on the move. . . compact electric appliances 

A. Gillette Compact Blower Dryer 

For powerful drying wherever you are, this small 
; lightweight dryer gives you 1ooo watts of power. 3 heat settings. So easy to use and store ....................................24.99 
, X .. 
/ 
X ;, ' ' 
Y 

B. Clairol Set-to-Go Hairsetter 

Have bouncy long-lasting curls anyplace you go with this compact, lightweight hairsetter. Includes 5 rollers with cord and clip storage in bottom of the unit. 
. . . . . . . 14.99 

C . Gillette Compact Curling Iron 

Perfect for those hurried hair sets! This cordless iron is so easy to use, just plug the iron into an outlet and it heats in approximately 2 minutes! 
................................... 15.99 

D . General Electric Travel Iron 

Has removable plastic bulb to hold water for spray and steam ironing. Lightweight and compact, handle folds down for packing........................ 
21.99 

Small Electrics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin. 

These products have a manufacturer s warranty. For a free copy of the warranty, write: Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 
TACIT 

M A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

% % 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday May 22 1977 

Save 24% 

G en tle-con trol long leg panty. 

S m o o t h n y lo n / s p a n d e x for a slim line. S XL. 
$7 XXL, XXXL .... 5A I 

Save 
38% 

T oddlers’ n o-iron boxer slacks 

Little boys’ and girls’ boxer pants feature elastic waistband, flared legs. No-iron polyester cotton for easy care. Sizes 1-4. 
I22 

Reg. 1.99 

23% off. 

Super hero crew shirts for boys. 

Reg. 2.99 each 

Star action, exciting looks for a cool season in smooth, soft 5o% cotton/5o% polyester knit. No iron, too. 1S^- 
L. 
Marvel Comics Group 1977 

F ull size, reg. 9.99 Ii ™... . 7.9ft 
Full fixe m attress ped r - f regularly 9.99 —----- 
7.99 y » , . U 
. . . . . --------------------------- IT T" - I t f « r 

Save 25% 
Our C ush-n-Soft Twin Mattress Pad 
Fitted, white Dacron® poly­ ester quilted over polyes­ ter fill. Machine washable. 

Regularly 7.99 
599 

Time off? Spend some 

Fashion for now through sering. 

• JUNIORS • MISSES • HALF-SIZES 

Starring dresses and pantsuits. 
Save now, enjoy now. 

2o% off 

H ere’s your chance to get a great new ward­ robe together at an altogether welcome reduction. Find the looks you love-newsy dresses, versatile pantsuits now in the lush fabrics you want. The prints, solids, colors you look for. So hurry in for a season’s worth of fashion. 
At a seasons worth of savings. 

DRESS DEPARTMENT 

Save 3.12 
Men’s career or casual shirts. 

Wear with tie for a sm art business look or spread open collar for the latest casual style. Moderately tapered for smoothness. 
With 2-button adjustable cuffs for better fit. Of comfortable, no-fuss polyester/ cotton. Latest solids; prints. 14!/g-17. 

A sst’d polyester ties reg. 3.5o-5.5o...1.88 6 
8 8 

R egularly $1o 

Save 25% 

Select group of junior tops and pants. 

25 
TO 1275 

R eg u la rly $7-$17 

Choose from Wards ex­ citing collection of fash­ ion favorite pants and tops. All in the easy* care, no-fuss fabrics you love. Most machi ne wash. Assorted styles and sizes. 

Save 25% 

Western-look shirts for men. 

Always terrific. Ca­ suals in today’s prints with full Western com­ fort, style. No-iron poly­ ester/cotton in S- L. 

/S ave 33% 

JUNIOR DEPT. 

Soft-cushioned sport socks for men. 
Of absorbent cotton and 
^ durable nylon. White or 
9J 
J 9*7 top-striped white. 1o-13. 3 I pairs JL 
Reg. 3 pairs 2.99 

Wards all-purpose deluxe mirror. 
Use for make-up or shav- tm q q ing. Regular, magnified 
I ■ ■ «/«/ 

Regularly 14.99 images. On/off switch. 

Save 
2.11 

Save 2o% 
Clocks designed to brighten your kitchen 

Save $3 

Our Colorful Quilted Bedrest 
Attractive print cover, 
^ puffy fill. Comfy support. 
Drapery Dept. 
REGULARLY 1o.99 

Big savings on our entire selection of Kitchen clocks. Many attractive styles to complement any kitchen decor. Choose from electric or bat­ tery-operated models. Battery ex­ tra. 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 

So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

M any item s also available at Wards Neighborhood Stores. 

A/IONTGO/l/lERY ir a a a 

* 

Save 8.o7 
Wards Single-Lever Sink Faucet 
Chrome-plated, drip-free. 
E asy fingertip control. 
Swing spout. 4-hole sink. 
3 2.95 w /sp ra y .. 24.88 
REGULARLY 27.95 
1988 

Great buy 
Wards 12-6-6 all­ purpose fertilizer. 
3 

8 8 

4o lb. 
Wards low price. 

Our specially-formulated fe r t i li z e r is s p e c ia l l y ble n d e d for the area. 
Covers up to 3,ooo sq. ft. 
Easy to apply. 
Fertilizer with iron, reg. low price ........ 4.88 

» 
A 

Save $3 
Zebco^ 33 Spin 
Casting Reel 

Feather-touch rn / \ 9 9 control. Adjust- j[ V 

 pound fine8 6 Reg. 13.9? 

8.11 off 
Big Plano H tackle box keeps lures watertight. 

Hip roof box. I o99 
36compartments JI O m sift*DOttUre Reg. 26.99 proof ABS t rays. 

Save $15 
Sanitary, convenient portable toilet. 

Water-flush. Detachable, 
/ * f V Q Q water-tight waste tank; 

Regularly 84.99 

 fresh water in upper unit. 

Save $4 
Pocket model takes normal, tele shots. 

J u s t slide the selector, 
CICI 

 aim and shoot for sharp, 

Regularly 27.99 

 bright pictures. Its easy. 

Special buy. 
Camp cot with blue polyethylene cover. 
988 

For camping or as a spare bed. Aluminum frame folds to store. 23x71" long. 

Big buy. 
Kodacolor® II 11o CR 126 Film 
29 
High-quality, 2o-expos­ ure print film for cartridge or pocket cameras. 
I 
WARDS PRICE 

Save $7 
Our handy 2-hamburger cooker/griil. 

Grills 2 hamburgers or 2 
^ sandwiches in minutes. No- 
| 
J I J j 

Regularly 26.99 

 stick for easy clean-up. 

Include* mounting hardware. 

Save $9o 
Royce Deluxe 23-Channel Mobile CB 
S988 

Large S-RF meter, auto, noise lim ite r, squ elch control, plug-in mike. 

Was 149.95 

8418 

2-speed, 18-lb washer with 8 cycles. 

Water-saver lets you se- 
I R R lect proper water level. a 
Built-in bleach dispenser. 
M f & 
Regularly 339.95 

Include* tool set. 

874 

Upright Vac 
Cleans Shags 
88 
69 

2-*ided power edge cleaner. 

REGULARLY 89.95 

2-sided edge cleaner sweeps up along base­ boards. B e a te r-b a r brush loosens dirt. 4 height adjustments. 

Save $4o 

Permanent-press 
18-lb elec dryer. 

7418 

R egular 239.95 
4 fabric settin gs in­ clude auto-dry control 
—shuts off dryer auto­ matically when clothes ale dry. Porcelain drum. 

FOR FAST, CONVENIENT SHOPPING AT ANY WARDS STORE JUST SAY “ CHARGE IT!” WITH A CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 
Who’s on our mind? \&u are. mjPrfSl 

 withus.Youil save. 

Save 8o.o7 

Wards 1ox9-ft barn-style building. 

88 
Beat storage problems and dress up your backyard with our spacious 9'1o"x9'4" int. shed. 78” peak height. Inner track doors; galvanized steel construction to resist weather. Green with white trim. 
Reg. 299.95 1oX13’ building 
249.88 
Regularly 249.95 

Automatic ice- maker available for each model shown. Extra. 

Adjustable shelves— move them to suit your individual needs. 

Save '8o 

Adjustable rollers— easy to level, move for cleaning underneath. 

18-cu. ft. eye-level access refrigerator 

Easy eye-level-access to refrigerator items. 
Meat keeper stores fresh meat in refrigerator section. Roomy twin dairy compartments hold plenty. Convertible doors—left or right open­ ing. Large capacity freezer. 
Reg. 579.95 

Unassembled. 
Model 4475 

All frostless—no frost over in refrigerator or Freezer sect ions. 

Dual cold controls — set independent temps for refrigerator, freezer 

Ribbed, overlapping wall and roof panels. 
574-cu.ft. capacity to store many items. 
Doors slide open with ease on nylon glides. 

Long-lasting galvanized steel foundation frame. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

M i 
I PMto 8 PM 

LACK’S C O LIS EUM WAREHOUSE 

SpPUAHCES 

Here's just a sample of what you'll find! 

HUTCHES 

Extra wide bookcase hutches in A ntique 
W h ite finish. W hile they last ...................... 
BED RAILS 

Standard size steel bedrails. For full or twin bed. Limit 2 pairs. 
Per pair 
.................. 
STEREO 

SHAGS, HI-LOW'S 

Odd mirrors from bed­ room groups. Wood finished frames. Odd. discontinued, etc. Your choice, 1 group ....... 

Odd damaged. Oval round, etc. Values to $3oo 12 only ... 

DINING CHAIRS 

Odd, mismatched, damaged, discontin-' ued etc. Each ...... 

5 and 6 -d ra w e r chests of drawers. 
Discontinued, somei w ith damage. A s1 low as .................. 

OTTOMANS 

One group. Odd, dis­ continued, soiled, etc. 
Priced as low as ....... 

DOOR CHEST 

French Provincial s ty le in antique* white finish. 3 o " high. 5 only .......... 

O ly m p ic s te re o component set with 
8-track and record1 player .................... 
PORTABLE TV 

Black and W hitei 
12 diagonal porta-1 ble. Solid State 
REMNANTS 

Carpet rem nants and roll ends in var- < ious sizes. As low 1 as .......................... 

DISHWAHSER 

Maytag portable,( new 1 only. 
Coppertone ..... 

Shags or high-low 
Nylon pile carpeting by E&B, Masland, or Galaxy. Sq. Yd. 

FOODARAMA 

Side by side Kel- vinator refrigera­ tor. Pre-owned. i 
3o-day warranty. 
19 cu. ft. 1 only 

3o" RANGE 

H a rd w ic k gas r a n g e . B ra n d new , sparkling, white, full width oven .................. 

SOFA/LOVESEAT 

Several styles. 
N ew , sofa and m atching love- seat in Herculon cover ................. 

$ y 9 
^ and up 

*299 
3-PC. LIVING ROOM 

Sofa, loveseat, chair in Herculon. 
C h o i c e of 3 styles. New ..... 

Today only! I PM lo 8 PM 

B rin g you r V a n , Pickup or W a g o n ...o r w e'll deliver later 

 a f no e xtra charge! H u rry ! A ll item s subject to p rior sale! 

I ten $ mmnousi ciuiiMci cams 

T/s"o,y—~ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

This week in The News: Worst disasters in Texas 
Hostess describes wild White House parties 

By NORMA LANGLEY 
President Carter’s ban on hard li­ quor at White House functions has caused some drastic changes in the social lives of the capital’s VIP par­ ty-goers. 
The President’s no-frills policy has set (he tone for all Washington’s offi­ cial parties, with congressmen and senators now forced to have their pre-dinner drinks at home. 
But according to Washington's top society hostess, Allison Laland. the homespun style of the Carter White 

House is nothing new in the topsy­ turvy history of presidential entertain­ ing. 
Mrs. Laland said that the White 
House entertainment style has varied from imitation European courts to raucous, open-door affairs where citi­ zens were encouraged to walk in and help themselves to a drink. 
“ And the early presidents served plenty to drink,’’ she said. 
Andrew .Jackson was the first of the big party-givers. “ At his inauguration he threw the doors of the White House 
Students take part in problem solving 

CT'M ore than H5 students competed for trophies and medals in the recent 
Second Annual Educa­ tion Service Center. Re­ gion LM) Computer Prob­ lem 
Solving and 
Mathematics 
Competi- 
- lion. 
Competing were stu­ dents from John Jay, 
Holmes, 
M arshall, 
Roosevelt, Cole, Bur­ bank. Fox Tech, High ­ l a n d s , Houston, Jeffer­ son. Lanier and Wheatley high schools. 
Students from Boone, 
Five Palms and Kindred elementary schools also competed in the com­ puter event. 
In the Problem Solving 
Contest for high school students, first place went to Jerrald Hall of Judson, second to Hon Boerger of 
Highlands and third to 
Phillip Corbin of Sam 
Houston. 
The awards went to those students who solved correctly the greatest number of pro­ graming problems in 3o minutes. 
School team scores for the 
Problem Solving 
Contest went to Judson, 
* 4irst: Holmes, second, 
^■.^tid Roosevelt, third. 
- Scoring based on speed jmmEM accuracy determined 
’• “The winners in the Com­ p t e r Math Drill Contest for elementary students. 
Medals went to the ele­ mentary school students with the highest scores in 

 response to math prob­ lems given by the com­ puter. 
Winners were David 
Shrouds, first; Charles 
Potts, second, and Bryan 
Hilburn, third. All three winners are from Five 
Palms Elementary. 
Tho school team score for the Computer Math 
Drill Contest went to Five 
Palms Elementary, first; 
Boone Elementary, se­ cond, and Kindred Ele­ mentary, third. 
The Outstanding Pro­ gram Awards for high school students were 

 judged on originality, usefulness, complexity, efficiency and the func­ tioning of the program. 
First place went to 
Nguyen Tung Manh of 
Fox Tech, second place to Randy G ainlier of 
Holmes and Eddie Val­ dez of M arshall took third. 
Roil Boerger of High­ lands High School was the only student to sub­ mit a correct solution to the “ Problem of the 
Month’’ each month and received a special recog­ nition pin. 
SAC orientation classes slated 

San Antonio College students who have com­ pleted at least one regu­ lar semester at the col­ lege may earn more than 
$2oo during the first three weeks of August. 
Applications will be accepted through May 27 for 36 group leaders and 
12 registratoion assis­ tants. who will assist in the orientation and re­ gistration of new stu­ dents. 
SAC students interest­ ed in these jobs should telephone 734-7311, ext. 
374. 
The (orientation course is required for all stu­ dents enrolling at the 

SELL 
GT 
NOW 
With tax rebates now in most homes, it's the perfect time to find a cash buyer for that outdoor furniture you no longer use! 

And it's easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell that outdoor furniture . .. now! 
Call 225-1666 

 college for the first time. 
They are encouraged to attend one of six classes, each lasting two full days, prior to registra­ tion. Those unable to at­ tend, however, will at­ tend the course three hours weekly for five weeks during the regular term. 
Dr. Jim Walls, chair­ man of the department of orientation, and student development, said the course is designed to fa­ cilitate the iransition from a previous environ ment to SAC. 
A total of 
3o instructors, counselors, administrators and staff members participate in presentations and stu­ dents may meet with any one of 35 department chairmen who discuss their major areas of spe­ cialization. 

McCollum band wins 

McCollum 
High 
School’s 
Symphonic 
Band placed first in con­ cert at the 
Greater 
Southwest Music Festi­ val in Amarillo. 

The band also won 22 first division solo and ensemble medals. 

Schools from three states competed. Band director is Dr. Carl Lo­ th tz. 

(■onion's niiikos lilts (jiving <freal? 

Illustrations 

Enlarged 

Classic Diamond 
Solitaire in 
14Kgold setting! 

Reg. s125. - Save s25. 

"CHARGE. . .the convenient way to buy' 

We A c c e p t• B o n k A m e ric a rd * Diners C lu b * Shoppers Chut go 

•M u s te r C h o rg i'• Corte Blonche •A in e ric o n Bepress 
Gordo it 

JEWELERS 

8 G R E A T S TO R E S IN TH E SAN A N T O N IO A R E A : 5o1 
East Houston, D ow ntow n • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 8 4 2 S.W. M ilitary Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast. 

5-3-o4-12 

 open and the crowds had such a grand time that furniture was broken, dishes smashed and the President had to sneak out and sleep in a hotel,’’ said 
Mrs. Laland. 
“ At Jackson’s last White House reception, he threw open the doors again for a w inc and cheese party. This time the guests ground so much cheese into the rug that the new tenants com­ plained of the stench for months. 
“ After Jackson, the First Ladies went back to thrones, purple gowns, diamonds and elaborate head dresses. 

“ President Polk was the first presi­ dent who frowned on drinking in the 
White House. In fact, he frowned on everything, and no refreshments of any kind were served at White House functions.” 
Ulysses S. Grant was the next lavish entertainer: “ Ile served 29-course din­ ners with six wines. The guests were given a 3o-minute break after the 15th course,” said Mrs. Laland. 
Hayes, the next First Lady again banned alcohol and was dubbed ‘Le­ monade Lucy’.” 

“ Glamourous parties returned with 
Grover Cleveland when he married his 
21 year old ward. Frances, 
“ McKinley had to serve sm aller dinners because his beautiful wife Ida suffered from epilepsy. He tactfully dropped a silk handkerchief over her 
.head when she felt an attack coming 
,on. 
Mrs. Laland said that during Prohi- biton. President Harding gave his best parties upstairs at the White 
House for his poker club. “ The First 
.Lady tended bar.” she said. 

“ The Hoovers rn the depth of the 
Depression gave lavish parties. M il­ lionaires themselves, they sometimes threw four bashes in the same day." 
Mrs. Laland said that Carter’s style of no ruffles and no flourishes is ex­ actly what lie promised and what the people voted for — simplicity. 
But it hasn’t affected her party- throwing style. Her glamorous private parties still attract V .l.P. guests from all over the world. As she pointed out: 
“ I can always be counted on for a drink.” 

COMPANION RADIO SHACK HI-FI BIoCKBUSTERI 
, vav.- A- - 
, 
*rTi*i'iH- v f i ^ m r-.-aiWi - - 
^ ^ 
J I 
'IWAI is rn 
SAVE SJM)95 
■ * 1 4 9 1 

Reg. 

2 3 9 95 

I 7 I rn 

31-2o73 

Realistic STA-64 AM-FM stereo receiver at a 37% discount' 
Tape monitor, loudness control, mag phono input, custom walnut veneer it s the heart of an outstanding system' 
SA VE EVEN MORE! SAVE$12o8o 

Reg. Separate 
Item Price 4198o $299 

BUY THE COMPLETE SYSTEM 

• Realistic STA-64 A M BM Stereo Receiver 
• Two M C-1oOO Walnut Veneer Speaker Systems 
• L a b 1 4 3 Speed Record Changer With Base and Diamond Stylus Magnetic Cartridge 

ATTENTION COLLEGE GRADUATES AND COLLEGE STUDENTS! 
CONSIDER A CAREER IN RETAIL MANAGEMENT 
POSITIONS NOW AVAILABLE FULL TIME OR PART TIME 

Graduating from col­ lege? Begin your ca­ reer now in learning how to manage a 
Radio Shack store. 
Still in college? Start your training on a part time basis. 

Store Managers who completed our training pro­ gram in 1974, averaged $11,215 totai earnings tor their first year, $18,533 in the second year, and 
$22,6o5 their third year. Those Managers from our 
1975 program averaged $1o,245 first year and 
$18,533 in the second year. Our 1976 program 
Managers averaged $14,273, first year. 

We will guarantee those qualified people who stay in the program. 
$1o,ooo minimum total earnings for the first full year as Manager and 
$14,ooo the second- 

Contact me for further information; 

R adio 
/h a c k 

□ C A L E R 

I M o st item s also availab le 
I a t Radio S h ack D ealers, 
L o o k fo r this sign in your neighborhood 

PRICES MAY VARY AT INDIVIDUAL STORES 
R a d io /h a e K 

ARNOLD MANNING 
I 5o WONDERLAND CENTER 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
5 1 2 -7 3 2 -3 6 1 2 

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

Paqe 
8-B 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
M n f l l E D 
SUMMER 
OPEN TODAY 

1 2 - 6 
EARLY BIRD 

TO ANYONE 
OPENING an 
ACCOUNT TODAY 
BEFORE 6 P.M. 

(REI 

SUCKERS 

AND 
BALLOONS 
FOR 

TNI 
KIDS! 

 t o ( t i I 
! w 
A il! 
♦ t i na 

BAR-B-Q RIBS 

344-4571 

JUST FOR YOU WHEN 
YOU COME IN TO ORDER 
YOUR BEEF! 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE 
GUARANTEED Et TENDER 
BEEF SIDES 

 o fk u i 

Plus Extra Sections 
69 
OO 

BONUS 

 to. 

PER IOO LBS. 

INC SECT. A. B, C. o, 2E. 2F, & 2G ON CHART 
AL_So FR_EE BONUS _ 

9o“DAYS SAME AS CASH 
EXAMPLE 25o lbs. at 69c Lb. rn avg. w ts. ’ 
. # s 

25o TO 5oo L B S .^ N only 
* 
1 
1 
3 
. 
2 
6 
PER WEEK 

% 

BONUS 

No. 3 

CHARGE IT 

DAYS 
THE SAME 
AS CASH 
EXTRA BORUS!! 
FREE! BUSHEL OF CHICKEN (IO LBS.) 
% t j 
JUST FOR OPENING YOUR 9o DAY A G riSJ*l 
COUNT. 

•» HURRY! 
HURRY' 

CALL COLLECT 
BONUS 
\ A. 
ROUND 
RUMP 
CHUCK 
\ c rib 
\ B. 

RIM E 
» onv°4*!E 
* loINSTEAKS ' 
ROAST • 
E W O 
» 
\ aRloIN 
' 
STEAK 
CHUCK 
PRIME 
• DnQTcouniisc 
• no dpaci 
25 lbs. 

BAR B O RIBS 
FREE WITH PURCHASE 
OF BEEF SIDE 

2 * * 
* R1B roAST'# t bone 
1 
OR STEAKS J LENGTH 6 # auB 
■ RIB ROAST* 

GUARANTEED 

All Beef Guaranteed for 
Flavor and Tenderness, lf 
Not Satisfied, All M e ats 
Returned 
W ill 
Be 
Re­ 

 plated. 
N O TIME LIMIT 

PORTERHOUSE 
’ 
OR ROAST 

I SOUP 
I BONE 
\ LEAN 
E. BRISKET & SHANK l r 
‘VT T .T J l I BONELESS^ 
Swiss Steak f 
PLATE 
1 ® 
^ ^ I BEEF 
Pot Roast 
# 
Soup Bone i 
Steaks J SIRLOIN 
Boiling Beef 
• 
Cube Steak 
' Rank Steaks , TIP 
Soup Bone 
/ 
Bar B O Ribs 
/ Cube Straks 
.Stew Beef I 
Ground Beef 

BEEF CHART 

S e 344-4571 

 no. 

& 

 v t ; 

 r n 
\W /f* 

W 4 

Pre-T rimmed 
Beef Orders 
M i’ 
39 lb. 

HSJDJL CHOK! I FttMf VBR WEIGH 
MO TO 4oo. MANOUS WFtGK IOO TO 
SOO. 
AU 
IAEA? tout HANGING 

I W IG H T . 

 pea 

LEA« PORK CHOPS 
J J no ibsj 

•• * 
FREE WITH PURCHASE OF 
HIND QUARTER 

U.S.DA CHOICE f l/ B 
A f T E N T IO N !] 
CUSTOMERS ! tO LBS. FRYERS 
I 
WITH ANY BEEF PURCHASE 
CAU TODA Y 

 w A- 
\ 
•*. 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE GUARANTEED TENDER 
BEEFHINDS 

. 
PLUS EXTRA SECTIONS 

 s t e a k P 
^ 
; # 
J 

 b u n d l e N 4 ^ 
. J ^ 

EXAMPLE: I O O lbs. at 89 a lb. 

I ncludes sections b. c. f & g on chart 
W 
AVG. WTS. IOO TC) 2oo LBS. 
T BONE STEAK 
CLUB STEAK 
SHORT RIBS :*• 
SILRoIN STEAK 
RIB ROAST 
GROUND BEEF % 

(KW Stv- 
BARBO 
111 STEAK PACK 

SECTIONS o & E ON CHART EXAMPLE WEIGHT 

ONLY 5o lbs. at 69c lh. 

5 o TOTAL 

PRICE 

CHOICE 

ALI MEAT SOLD HANGING WT & SUBJECT TO CUTTING LOSS rn 

■ 

■ 
'* i M f e j i k 
, . * 

MEDIUM FREEZER SPECIAL 
J 
STEAK LESS SPECIAL 

SECTION E F G ON CHART 

Example Weight IOO lbs. at 49c lh. 
$ n OOO total 
* T W 
PRICE 

WEIGHTS FROM 8o to 12o LBS. AVERAGE 

INCLUDES SOME STEAKS, 

ROASTS & GROUND BEEF 

T i 

 j 
PER IOO LBS. 

NC. SECTIONS A, B, G, 2E, & 2F ON CHART 

• ALSO FREE BONUS 

(JSDA 
CHOICE 

U S D A 
CHOICE 

S '- >' 
- f H t 
« v, 
V 

WEIGHTS FROM 35 TO' 

75 LBS. AVAILABLE 

H E 
I 
" "I ! I rn * 
' 
......... I urn.. I 
.luau 
P 

F ir ; 
NI 

STEAK LOIN 

SECTIONS B, F, and G ON CHART 

Example Weight OO lbs. at 79c lb. 
OO TOTAL 
PRICE 

(MOSTLY STEAKS) CASH 
•Sirloin Steaks 
A N D 
• Porterhouse Steaks 
CARR Y, 

•T Bone Steaks 
•Ground Sidon 

;ter charge] 
»*o J 

^ 
J 
) 
. 

THESE PRICES GOOD 

AT THIS LOCATION ONLY 

LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 

NO DEALERS PLEASE 

X I 
HOUSE OF a QUALITY MEATS 

7o49 SAN PEDRO • 344-4571 

BankAmericaro 

//v ti run fn ■/ 

O PEN 
MON.-FRI. 1o-8 
SAT. 9-6 
SUN. 12-6 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 2 2 1 9 7 7 
Page . I -C 

Buy KENMORE Appliances 

 with Confidence a 
? 

You get these Kenmore customer benefits: 
1. Customer satisfaction 
2. Service is available nationwide 
3. Delivery and installation available as part of the purchase price or at an addi­ tional charge 
4. Quality and dependability 

5. Wide selection 
6. Credit to suit most every need 

Ask your salesperson for full details 

Kenmore. Solid as Sears 

Sears 
SAVE *1 o o 

Space-saving washer, dryer pair 
SAVE *6o! 

Huge 22.2 cu. fl. 

 iceniaker refrigerator 

U v u l a r 
£ 
Ak ( I ~ 

Table top color TV has 19 inch diagonal measure picture, 1oo% solid-state chassis. In­ line Super Chromix black matrix picture tube; adjustable one button color. 

A ll - f r o f ille s s ! Front 
{ 'o ld w a te r d in p e i is- car.’! form so there’s no e r r>iAi<Ie tap for waler 

 messy defrosting chores. 
,,y pi|cher br K|a8s! 

14.54 en. ft. refrigerator, 7.63 en. ft. freezer! 
Huinidratvers^; 3 adjustable DynaWliite™ epoxy enamel finish shelves. Colt! water dis­ penser, ice maker hookup to water extra. 

Roomy 19.1 cu. It. frost less side-by-side 

Check Sears prici-W 

In white 
399 

Huge 12.76 en. ft. refrigerator and 6.35 en. ft. freezer never needs defrosting: frost can't form. Magnetic floor gaskets help seal iii cold air. Deep door shelves. W itll crisper. 

Sale priced thru Saturday, May 28tl». 

Ask about Sours credit plans 

Save $5o 

Color TV with 

 electronic tuning 

Reg. $4 69.95 
/ \ J Q 8 8 

Table top TV 
J L 

 on console color TV in choice of two styles 
TOO en 
JL each 

4421 
THE RADCLIFFE 

1 4 2 2 
THE WILLIAMS 

2 5 -ill. diaconal mea­ sure picture . . . screen urea is.il j square inches. 

Regular $599.95. 25-inch diagonal measure picture. 

 ca 

One-button rotor with A u t o m a t i c Ere- qHenry control. Adjust­ able. 

Television sale prices in effect tlim Saturday, May 28th. 

S h o rt on f l o o r s p a c e ? T h i s h e avy -d u ty w asher Iii- in p lacer m a in others don l! 
Wash/riitsc fcm pcralurc c o m b in a lion- are automatical!) pre-set. H eav y d u ty motor. 

66161 

1oo% solid-state chassis for dependable performance. 

In while 

 w iclr autom atic washer 
*189 

Kenmore dryers require either electrical or gas connector' whieh are not included in the price shot* i i 

Leoiiom ieal electric d ryer 
$ 

In white 
139 

Dry your clothes on heat or flu ff your pil­ lows an d blan kets on “ air o n l y " setting! 
T e m p e r a t u r e s are au to m atically pre-set. 
Eas\-lo-clean top-m ounted lint screen. 

2 1 -inch 

76o 4 I 

Coldspot 4,5oo BTUH air conditioner 

• Compact, lightweight, and portable; runs on ordinary I 15-volt current 
• Dehumidifies air to help protect your valuable belongings from moisture 

• Kust and corrosion-resistant cabinet 
$ 

Sears price 
129 

7,5oo BTUH window 

 air conditioner 

189 

Sears 

 price 

Pow erful air c o n d itio n er mounts easily in most win­ dows. Uses ordinary house current-no special wiring. 

18,ooo BTUH window air conditioner 

I ii o u r freezer dept. 

2-speed fan for high or low cool; adjustable thermostat control; 2-way adjustable air vents. 23o/2o8-v. 

Sears price 
339 

TH IS VI) is OI H VV OIH) 
It is backed by Sears Advertising Policy which requires every advertised item to be supported in each store with sufficient merchandise . . . lf we should run out of any reduced price item during the sale, we wilt recorder for you at the sale price. 
This does not apply to special purchase, clearance and closeout safes where quantities are limited. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Mon ex Back 

Sears 

SH A R *. K O fcBl « K ANL) I t 

Where America shops for fine home appliance values 

Where America shops 

Downtown Plaza Store Military l)ri>e Store 
Soledad at Navarro at Pleasanton lid. 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-9 
Mon. thru Sat. 
All other days 9:3o-6 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro ut Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

N EIG H B O R H O O D ST O K E S (mu*! ileal, and 
'bown also ai V*iuhl*orho«MJ 

Valley-lli 962 Bandera Bd. Harry VI ur/haeh ai 
18oo S.W.W. While Bd. 
I imersul t ity 
6 7 4 5 5 1 I 
432-2391 
Itiuiuiun 826-9578 
333-2o1o 
1633 Pal Booker Bd. 
6 5 8 -7 4 9 t 

A 
I 

» 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Mqy 22 I 977 

 nhoolecm 
■ w e w a n t t o be y o u r f a v o r it e s t o r e 

SAUS PRICES 
GOOD MON. 
THRU WED. 

WHIRIPOOI 14.1 CU. FT. 
REFRIGERATOR 
*318 
Automatic Self-defrosting. Refrigerator Compart­ ment Twin Slide-out Crispers hold nearly 2/3 bushel. Durable Porcelain-enameled Interior resists rust, stairs, scratches. Super-storage Door has 2 full-width shelves. Egg nest holds 16 eggs. Sepa­ rate Butter Compartment Automatic Interior Light­ ing Adjustable Temperature control #EET141DT 
Whirlpool 

I •',*! I 
.; + hl 
„i ■ • • i i ’’IjlJI 

 l f H I * ! 
-JU.' J i i t i l l r h I ? n a 

Whirlpool 18oo BTU 
COMFORT GUARD 
AIR CONDITIONER 
*3178 
4 way air direction 2 speed fan adjustable ther­ mostat. Comfort Guard Control. Slide out chas­ sis. Push button controls. 

[W hirlpool 5ooo BTU 
INSTA-MOUNT 
AIR CONDITIONER 

$ 166 
2 speed fan, 2 way air direction. Air changer condtrol. Adjustable therm ostat. Pushbutton controls. Comfort guard control. Insta-Mount for fast installation. #ADJP o52. 

W ITH ELECTRONIC TUNER 
23 
DIAGONAL 1oo% 
I SOUD STATE 
COLOR CONSOLE 
$599 

Stately Mediterranean styled full base console with concealed casters. Beautifully finished in simulated Dark Oak or simulated Pecan, both with the look of fine distressing. AFC #H2324 
/ O IIN D E /M iN 
AM/FM/FM STEREO 
RECEIVER 8-TRACK 
TAPE PLAYER 
RECORD CHANGER 
Plays AM, FM, and 
&A 
FM-Stereo broadcasts 

R S 
^^m records. Slide 
HI HHH Mm controls. Rotary func­ tion selector. Pushbutton power switch. Built-in AFC for better FM reception. 8-track tape player with man­ ual program selector button. BSR turntable with dia­ mond stylus and automatic shut off after last record. 
Jacks for stereo headphones, aux/tape input, tape output, speakers. 
Wide-Range Speakers. 6M>” full-range speaker. Wal- nut-vinyl veneer cabinet with foam grille. 

MEDITERRANEAN 
CONSOLE STEREO 
8-TRACK TAPE 
PIAYER/RECORDER 
*238 

A M /F M /F M -S te r e o r e c e iv e r w ith b u ilt in auto/manual 8 track tape player/recorder. Full-size 
BSR record changer with diamond stylus. 2 way 8" 
Duocone speaker system with separate speaker chambers. Hand rubbed, oven-cured finish. Solid wood top and bottom rails. Solid wood internal framing. Convenient tape storage well. 

TT T 23 CHANNEL 
MOBILE CB RADIO 
Citizens band transceiver fea­ tures on Advanced, solid state electronics system. Provides you with full 23 channel trans­ mission and reception capabil­ ity 
*88 

12"DIAG 
BLAM 
WHITE 

 n e s i I 

O perates 3 w ays 1oo% solid state chassis for reliability. An ef­ ficient energy saver-operates at an average of only 43 w atts. 
Three ptug-m. Fast warm-up pic­ ture tube Comes with sun shield, earphone, cigarette lighter power cord and recharger 
Batteries in­ cluded, Convenient front-mounted controls A VAA 126 

 f * AMICI MAKISlt i*SVJ»CS»o» 

• Cirremtel J tee Payment 
* Conner!tent Ut **»» 

 wpoiCO a ttn v « ww stow to unary auaxritm —not u u o w iik i rot rreooMmucAt mons 

IOO CIU no 
Nut WOfcOfOUNO 
/3J271I 

 t m wist 
COMMtlCi 
434-o4o! 

 iv ram iVINUf 
S3) IIH 

 n m * annum o* rn im 

?/l» ZUKIN 
KWT Irw in/ie 
433 4411 

SHOP WOOICO o:3o A M . TO o:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

OMI MMDoWM6F OI mat miiiach it kw no 
Its *47) 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE * 

SATISFACTION G U A R A N TEED ’ wucNi* 

W eather to 

 i get better 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
A weak front moved into Texas from the west 
Saturday, shoving thunderstorm s into East and 
South Texas and trailing clear skies and dry, stable air in its wake. 
Marine warnings were hoisted for m ost of the 
Upper Coast, with most of the thunderstorm s oc­ curring from Palacios to Houston. 
Victoria recorded more than an inch and a half of rain Satprday morning. 
Skies were clear west of a Wichita Falls-San An­ gelo line. Winds in the Panhandle were strong, with gusts reaching 4o m iles an hour. 
Forecasts called for scattered showers and thun­ derstorms over East and South Texas, ending early 
Sunday. Sunny skies and mild tem peratures were predicted for the rest of the slate. 

FORECAST for Sunday 

6 o * 

o # ^ 1 

R o m 

E S S 

SO I9o 
>9o1 r v 
Cold 
W a t m 

Showerv 
S tatio n ary O cc lu d ed 
E M 
B --------------------------------V 

■ g y re s sh fin* 

 tg h 

 e rn p e r a t u res 

 o r a re a 

D a t a from 

N A T I O N A L W EA T H E R SERVICE 

N O A A 
U S 
D e p t of C om mer c e 

Guerra chosen director 

SPECIAL TO THI EXPRESS-NEWS 

SAN FRANCISCO - 
Henry Guerra of San An­ tonio has been elected a director of the American 
Lung Assn., the nation­ wide Christmas Seal or­ ganization. 
Guerra is president of the 
A ngelus 
F uneral 
Home and does radio and telev isio n new s for 
KLRN-TV arid WGA I. He is past president and a member of the board of directors of the Ameri­ can Lung Assn. of Texas. 
Election of new direc­ tors followed th(‘ annual meeting of the lung asso­ ciation at the San Fran­ cisco Hilton. More than 
2,5oo physicians, nurses and volunteer and pro­ fessional health workers attended. 

You’ll be amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today’s 
Want Ads! 

C o l! 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

SAN ANTONIO AND V IC IN I- 
TY - P o rtly clou d y th ro u g h 
Monday with w arm afternoons. 
Light southeasterly winds 6 to 12 mph Sunday. High tem perature 
Sunday in mid-BOs. Low temper ature Sunday in upoer 4os. H igh tem perature Monday in mid-8os. 
Low tem perature Monday in up­ per 6os. Sun rises at 6:38 and sets at 8:23. There is a new moon. It rises at 1o:22 a m. and sets a t 12:o2 o rn. M o n d a y . 
Temperatures Saturday ranged from 6o to 8o degrees. (National 
Weather Service forecast.) 
9LATIVE H U M ID ITY — 6 per cent as of 6 p.m. Saturday. 
P O P !TAXION - Total rainfall tor the 24-hour period ending at 7 p m. Saturday. LOI inches; tor the month, 1.49 Inches; for the year, 15.18 Inches. Accumulated departure from norm al for the month, minus .58 of an inch; for the year, plus 5.31 inches. 
NORTH TEXAS - C lear lo p ortly cloudy in the west and c e n tra l s e c tio n s a n d w id e ly scattered thunderstorm s in cost section through Monday. 
SOUTH TEXAS - Continued cloudy with scattered showers through Monday in lower coo st area 
Elsewhere, p a rtly cloudy through 
Monday with w arm afternoons. 
WEST TE XA S — F a ir and warm er In most sections through 
Monday. 
N A T IO N A L 
- 
Thundershowers are likelv from the western h alf of the G reat 
Lakes re gio n in to the lo w e r 
M ississip p i V a lle y . S ca tte re d thundershowers are also expect­ ed from the Ohio Valley to the 
South A tla n tic C o a s t. Som e showers w ill also fall over the upper M ississip p i V o lle y and along the 4orth P a cific Coast 
Els ewhere, skies w ill be clear or partly cloudy. W arm er tem ­ peratures are forecast f rom the central Rockies into the west central Plains, but it w ill be a little cooler from North Dakota to the North Atlantic Coast. Sea­ sonable te m p e ra tu re s are ex­ pected in other areas. 
M ARINE 
WINDS — Southeasterly winds at 17 mph through Sunday. Seas 
3 to 5 feet. 
TIDES — P ort A ransas fo r 
M onday: High fide w ill be at 
1o:54 a.m. Low tides w ill be at 
5:3o a.m . and 6:17 p.m . P ort 
Isabel for Monday: High tide w ill be at 11:53 a.m. Low tides w ill be at 6:19 a.m. and 7:o6 p.m. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, 22 degrees at Alamosa, 
Colo 
Highest, 97 degrees at Therm al, 
Centi 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 
San Antonio 
6o 
8o 
SOUTH TEXAS 
Austin 
63 
Beeville 
Brownsville 
78 
Corpus Christi 72 
Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Junction 
Kingsville 
Victoria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
Am arillo 
Dallas 
El Paso 
Fort Worth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
San Angelo 
Waco 

64 
61 
57 

64 
TEXAS 
55 
45 
SO 
63 
54 
61 
74 
52 
7o 
57 
64 
SOUTHWEST 
Denver 
38 
Honolulu 
Los Angeles 
55 
Las Vegas 
57 
Phoenix 
64 
Salt Lake City 4o 
San Diego 
59 

67 
85 
93 
77 
94 
69 
71 
SOUTH CENTRAL 
Kansas City 
64 
Louisville 
65 
Memphis 
68 
Oklahoma City58 
St. Louis 
63 
Wichita 
58 
SOUTHEAST 
Atlanta 
Birm ingham 
Charleston 
Jacksonville 
New Orleans 
Raleigh 
Richmond 
Tampa 

6o 
67 
68 
61 
66 
56 
59 
64 

Bismarck 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 

NORTHWEST 

Portland, Ore. 53 
Rapid City 
49 
San Francisco 5o 
Seattle 
51 
Spokane 
51 

72 
74 
63 
64 
67 
53 
59 
65 
65 
NORTH CENTRAL 
92 
92 
69 
9o 
8o 
7o 
77 
Sit. Ste. M arie 55 
81 
NORTHEAST 
59 
77 

Chicago 
Detroit 
Duluth 
Indianapolis 
Milwaukee 
Mmn-St. Paul 
Omaha 

Boston 

LOI 

.66 
.oo 

. 2 ! 
.o7 
OO 
.o? 
.91 
OO 
1.97 

.o7 
.oo 
.oo 
.33 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
. 2 ? 
OO 

.oo 
.OI 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
,oo 
.68 

.98 
OO 
.oo 
2 .o o 
.oo 
2.29 

.oo 
LSO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 

.oo 
.oo 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.63 
OO 
.oo 
.oo 

.1o 
.oo 
.o1 
.o2 
.o3 
.21 
1.27 
OO 

.oo 

Buffalo 
6o 
Cleveland 
59 
Columbus 
65 
New York City 64 
Philadelphia 
61 
Pittsburgh 
61 
Portland Me. 47 
Washington 
62 

9o 
88 
89 
8o 
84 
84 
64 
87 

.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 

 turns 
81 27 
Vienna 
73 23 
Warsaw 
61 16 
SOUTH AMERICA 

SAN ANTONIO 
PRECIPITATION 
1977 i m 
Au*. 
Rte. 
Jan. 
JIO 
o SA 
1.7* 
I 32 
Feb 
o.91 
o.13 
1.65 
» 88 
Mar., o.88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4 19 
Apr. 
8.8$ 
8.41 
2.28 
11.64 
May 
( 1.49 
5.8o 
3.45 
14.o7 lf/6 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec 
Jut! 
I 61 
4 6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
July 
5.39 
o.44 
I 69 
8.18 
Auo 
2o9 
1.22 
2 36 ll 14 
Seat 
3.79 
o SI 
4 59 
15.78 
O d 
I 48 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 56 
Nov. 
2 46 
o.o3 
1.37 
6 79 
Dec 
I 95 
1.41 
1.75 
622 

Asuncion 
Buenos Aires 
Lima 
Manteviedo 
Ria De Janeiro 

55 
13 
5o 
IO 
68 
2o 
52 
I) 
66 
19 

MEXICO 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s ap pear in both F a h re n h e it and 
Centigrade or Celsius Fahren heil is listed first in each column.) 
Acapulco ........... 78/26 
91 33 
Guadalaiara — 57/14 
9o/3 
Mazatlan ...........6o' 16 
84 29 
Mexico City 
... 57/14 
82 28 
M o n te rre y ........... 73/23 
81/27 

TEXAS WEATHER 

Forecast 

FOREIGN 
Bosed on observations taken at 
7 a.m. Friday San Antonio time. 
Temperatures are in Fahrenheit 
(left) and Centigrade.) 

City 
Tem parture 

Sun. 
Mon. 

55-85 
54 86 

City 
Far. 

Aberdeen 
Amsterdam 
Ankara 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 
Berlin 
Beirut 
Birmingham 
Bonn 
Brussels 
Cairo 
Casablanca 
Copenhagen 
Dublin 
Geneva 
Hong Kong 
Lisbon 
London 
Madrid 
Malta 
Manila 
Moscow 
New Delhi 
Nice 
Oslo 
Paris 
Peking 
Rome 
Saigon 
Seoul 
Sofia 
Stockholm 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Teheran 
Tel Aviv 
Tokyo 

Cent. 

64 
18 
55 
13 
72 
22 
82 
28 
86 3o 
59 
15 
5o 
IO 
84 
29 
61 
16 
55 
13 
5o 
IO 
88 
JI 
66 
19 
55 
13 
57 
14 
66 
19 
84 
29 
7o 
21 
63 
17 
61 
16 
82 
28 
84 
29 
75 
24 
1o6 
41 
64 
18 
66 
19 
52 l l 
63 
17 
, 75 
24 
84 
29 
73 
23 
75 
24 
63 
17 
54 
12 
75 
24 
8! 
27 
84 
29 
72 
22 

Am arillo 
Fair, warm 
Austin 
66 85 
P ortly cloudy, warm 
Loredo 
7o-88 
P artly cloudy, showers 
Corpus Christi 
7L85 72 86 
Partly cloudy, showers 
Victoria 
66-82 69 81 
Partly cloudy, showers 
Dallas Fort Worth 
65-85 65 85 
P ortly cloudy, w orm 
McAllen Brownsville 
7o-88 71 89 
P artly cloudy, rain 
Houston 
68-85 69 86 
Cloudy, showers 

68 84 

72 89 

With tax rebates now in most homes, it's the perfect time to find a cash buyer for that riding mower you no tonger use! 

And it's easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

For extra cash, sell that m ow er. . . now! 

Call 225-1666 

VISIT OUR NEW SHOWROOM TODAY 

9329 Wurzbach at 
Biuemel / 696-1791 

This is the sale you 've been waiting for! Now you can decorate your home with top - quality lines selected by Dianne 
Flack s professional designers at very special low prices! 
CLEARANCE SALE 
S avings lip to 5 o % off. 

L o a f l i « - r S o l a s 
CALIFORNIA DESIGN 
All leather 84 queen size, sofa sleeper. 
Light saddle color. Super comfortable. 
Reg. $158o.oo 
S ill* * 8 I 2 9 5 . o o 
SELIG MODULAR 
7 piece sofa grouping. Terra Cotta leather seats and back with linen base. 

Regie$27oQ.oo 
S a l# * 8 I 9 9 5 . o o 
CLASSIC 
All leather, low arm, 84 sofa. 
Contemporary spice color. 
Reg. $14oo.oo 
M a lt- N 
I I 9 3 . o o 
MARGE CARSEN 
All leather tuxedo style 84 sofa dark antique brown. 
Reg. $1395 oo l i t t l e 8 7 o 5 . o o 
LEATHER CRAFT 
All leather low arm design 84 sofa. 
Antique brown 
Reg. $132o.oo 
S a l* * 8 I 1 1 1 5 .o o 
L o » t l i e r I I i a i r s & 
O t t o m a n s 
CLASSIC 
All leather chair in rich brown color. Bustle 

 fe g V s o i"' 
S a l* - k 3 o l l . H o 
MATCHING OTTOMAN 
Reg. $25o.oo 
S a l* * N ■ » » . » « 
LEATHER CRAFT 
All leather chair, toast color, Hi back 

 efgTm oo 
N a i f M a tt,I . O O 
MATCHING OTTOMAN 
Reg. $235.oo 
S a l* * 8 1 o 5 . o o 
CLASSIC 
All leather chair, California Hi Back design 
Antique blue color. 
Reg $748.oo 
S a l* * 8 5 o o . o o 
MATCHING OTTOMAN 
Reg. $253.oo 
S a l* * 8 1 o o . o o 
CLASSIC W IN G CHAIR 
All leather contemporary yellow with brass nail head trim. Chippendale leg. 
Reg. $6oo.oo 
S a l* * 8 1 5 o . o o 
I u p h o ls t e r e d S o f a s & 
L o v e S e a t s 
COMFORT DESIGNS 
Modular 7 piece sofa grouping. Wrapped cane sides and back, cushions in durable textured fabric. Rust, brown, off-white design. 

Reg e$22Qo.oo 
S a le 8 1 o o 5 . o o 

LEATHER CRAFT 
All leather. Antique glaze rust with nail head trim. Full tufted. 
Reg. $775.oo 
N a l« * X « 9 3 . ( H ) 

SELIG 
3 piece sectional fully upholstered in off white and brown textured Indian design fabric. 

Reg. $18oo.oo 
S h l f S I 2 9 3 . o o 
VANGUARD 
6o 
Love Seat. Fully hpholstered Parson leg. Durable yellow-lime & white design 

S r$«95 oo 
S a le - N 3 » 3 . » » 
CHARLTON SOFA 
Sectional sofa, cane arm, fully upholstered in rust, blue & off white linen print fabric. 
Reg. SI 15o.oo 
S a le 8 o o 5 . o o 
JESSUP 
Fully upholstered 8o loose cushion sofa. 
Orange and royal blue shell design. 
Textured fabric. 
. . . . 
Reg. $895.oo 
S a le 8 1 o 5 . o o 
SWAIM DESIGNS 
Fully upholstered tuxedo style 84 sofa. 
Green, gold, red oriental design cotton fabric. Scotchguarded. 
Reg. $65o.oo 
S a le 8 1 o 5 . o o 
ENNIS 
84 traditional style loose cushion sofa with bolster pillows, Royal blue, green, yellow, white floral design quilted fabric. 
Yellow contrast welts. 
Reg. $695.oo 
S a le 8 5 5 o . o o 
ENNIS 
84 traditional style loose cushion sofa. 
Fully upholstered in white haitian cotton fabric. Fringe trim on skirt. 
Reg. $775 oo 
S a le 8 o x 1 5 . o o 

ENNIS 
.6o contemporary style love seat. Lattice design on arms. Brown, white, linen blend fabric. 

Reg. $665.OO 
S a le 8 : 1 o 5 . o o 
THAYER COGGIN 
6o contemporary style love seat. White haitian cotton fabric. 
Reg. $395.oo 
S a le 8 2 9 5 . o o 

VANGUARD 
Traditional style 84 sofa. Loose cushion with bolsters fully upholstered in rust, blue, brown, white oriental print cotton fabric. 
Reg. $849.oo 
N a i f 8 9 9 3 . 9 o 

VANGUARD 
Traditional style 84 sofa fully upholstered Parson leg. Blue, brown, tan geometric design linen blend fabric. 

Reg. $655 OO 
S a le 8 5 2 5 .o o 

THAYER COGGIN 
Comtemporory style sofa. White wicker arms, green and white fern print cotton 

Reg'r$>'25.oo 
S a le 8 1 o 5 .o o 

MATCHING LOVE SEAT 

Reg. $55o.oo 
S a le 8 3 o 5 .o o 

CLARK CASUAL 
White Rattan sofa. Green and white design. Linen-cotton blend fabric. 

Reg. $745.oo 
S a le 8 1 o 5 .o o 
D ining R oom 
CENTURY CHIN HUA 
Dining Room Suite. Oriental style. Ebony and burl wood finish. Table 46"X76" ext. to 112'. 2 host chairs, 4 slat back side chairs. 

OO 
N aif 8 I :i9 3 .IIO 

CHINA— LIGHTED 
76 X16’/2 X82V5?". Beveled glass doors with adjustable glass shelves. Base has 
4 doors with silver tray and shelves. 

Reg. $1767.oo 
N a if H I 2 :15.o o ' 

BUFFET 

73 XI8 X3Q'/2 . Five.drawers with silver 

R,°y $623.oo 
S a le 8 1 3 5 .o o lied room 
CENTURY CHIN HUA WALL 
HEADBOARD 
Wall headboard. Ebony finish. Kina size. 

Reg. $52o.oo 
S a le 8 3 5 o .o o fram e S ets And 
B rea k fa st R oom S ets 
Your choice. 2o% off regular price. 
A c c e sso r ie s W all 
H an gin gs And Lam ps 
Select group. Reduced 1o% to 5o%. 
R a k er F ar E ast t ed Beet ion 
Queen Size Canopy Bed. 

Reg. $12oo OO 
N a if HU54I.OO 
Armoire Chest. . . . 
. . . . . . . . 
Reg. $157o oo 
S a le 8 1 1 o o .o o 
Chest/ Night Stand. 
Reg. $675.oo 
S a le 8 1 7 5 .o o 

Revolving Charge 
D IA N N E FLACK 
INTERIORS-SAN ANTONIO 

9329 Wurzbach at 
Biuemel/696-1791 

Open Thursday ’til 8 

Grant to aid Trinity in pollutant research 

A pilot plant for research in disposal of a toxic pollutant is to be built at trinity University with a $42,5oo Air h orce research contract. 
I rinity officials said the plant, w hich will be built in the Cowles Life Science 
< enter, is par! of a larger project expected to lead to the construction of a Meld plant at an Air Force installa­ tion. . 
The project is seeking an effective way to dispose safely of waste pollu­ tants containing toxic phenolic com­ pounds (cresol). 
The project is in its sixth year at 
I rinity. Dr. Howell Cobb, professor of biology, is the director. He is assisted by former Trinity graduate student 
William Olive. 
They are investigating a method which w ill break cresol down into water and carbon dioxide by using compatible mixtures of bacteria. 
The pollution control data produced by the Trinity research during the five years of Air Force funding will have long range use for many industries that use cresylic acid compounds in products such as paint strippers, plas­ tics and cleaning compounds. 

R ecognition award 

A civilian employe at Kelly AFB has been rewarded for her efforts in behalf of Mexiean-Americans. 
Emma V. Carbone, community ser­ vices officer for the Air Force Security 
Service, received the Nation Span­ ish-Speaking Program Coordinator's 
Award for her efforts as president of the San Antonio Area Council of Span­ ish-Speaking Program Coordinators. 
She was credited with revitalizing the council and initiation of a skills banks which lists Hispanics in profes­ sional and nonprofessional federal jobs 
.whose backgrounds qualified them for other positions. 
Mrs. Carbone received the award from Carlos Esparza, director of the 
Civil Service Commission Spanish- 
Speaking Program during recent ceremonies. 

Transit citation 

The San Antonio Transit System has earned a special citation for safety achievement from the American Pub­ lic Transit Assn. 
SATS was cited for its safe opera­ tions in an urban area with a popula­ tion between 5oo.ooo and one million, according to SATS general manager 
Tom Fuller. 
"SATS has been recognized nation­ ally for its outstanding safety record almost every year since 19oo, soon after becoming city-owned,” Fuller said. 
The American Transit Assn. is a national organization representing the urban transit industry. 

Highlands band 

The Highlands High School march­ ing band placed in five categories during the 45th annual Tri-State Fes­ tival in Enid, Okla. 
The band placed in concert, march­ ing and parade categories, placed first in Class AAAA parade and received the title of outstanding band in all parade classes. 
Tri-State solo winners from High­ lands were Tom Rudwiek for tenor sax, Sharon M elville for alto sax, 
Richard Brown for piano and Becky 
Charles and Earla Fontenot for twirling. 
Highlands ensembles scoring vic­ tories included a brass sextet of Ron­ ald Boerger, David Sutherland, Danny 
Tuller. Mike Cruz, Andy Timmer and 
Mike Ellison; a tw irling duet of Franie 
Bieber and Baria Fontenot; a saxo­ phone quartet of Sharon M elville, 
Eddie Cuellar, Xavier Castro and Tom 
Rudvvick. 
Also a flute trio of Cindy Harley, 
Debi Vidal and Franie Bieber. 
The 175-member marching group competed with bands from ll states and Canada. Nearly 22,ooo participants representing 5oo organizations partici­ pated in the meet. 
The band, directed by Cecil Morris and Larry Zoller, was the only San 
Antonio group to participate in the festival. 

Top handicapped 

George Aguilar, a computer techni­ cian, has been named the Outstanding 
Handicapped Employe of 1976 at Kelly 
AFB. 
Aguilar, who has been deaf and mute since birth, has worked at Kelly more than 13 years. 
He has also been active in the San 
Antonio Assn. of the Deaf and the St. 
Luke's Parent-Teachers Club. 
He is a former v ice president of the 
Southwest Softball Assn. of the Deaf. 
As Kelly AFB’s Outstanding Handi­ capped Employe, Aguilar w ill compete with other winners in Air Force-wide competition. 

Retiree group 

Top educator 

Tom Fordyce Jr.. a member of the board of managers of the Bexar County 
Hospital D istrict and principal of 
Eloise Japhet School, has been named outstanding special educator in Texas for the year. 
Selecting Fordyce for the honor is the Texas Council for Exceptional 
Children, which has 4,ooo members from universities and schools throughout Texas. 
The council will present Fordyce with a plaque on July 29 in Dallas. 

The Coker San Antonio Chapter No. 
2824 of the American Assn. of Retired 
Persons has been formed. 
The chapter’s president is Everett C. 
Putchings. 
Local AARP chapters sponsor com­ munity public service programs, work to influence the enactment of local, state and national legislation of benefit to older Americans and acquaint members with programs and services offered by the national organization. 
For further information on the na­ tional organization, write AARP. 19o9 
K. St., NT. VV. Washington, D.C., 2oo49. 

U H S 

A sampling from our ex­ tensive collection. Dramatic detailing, superlative precision. 
With 17-jewel movements unless otherwise noted. 

Charge accounts. Payment plans. 
Master Charge /BankAmericard/American Express 

C EN T R A L PARK M A LL 
341-4481 
WINDSOR PARK M A LL 
654-6435 

Also in Dallas and Ft. Worth. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 22 1977 
Page . 3-£, 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD MON. 
AND TUES. 

WE WANT TO BE YOUR FAVORITE STORE 
JUST SA K B 
[CHARGE IT! ll 

LADIES' 
PANTIES 

LADIES1 
LONG HALE 
SLIPS 

 r o 

Long and slinky side-split s t y l e s . Ex qui si te w h i t e ; matching, rich lace trims hem and side. S-M-L SL. 

Elastic-leg panties soft knit in fresh pastel color. Both bik­ inis and briefs available at this price. Sizes 5-1o. 
"NEXT OF SKIN'' BRAS 
2.5o 

GLAD-WRAP 

6 7 * 
4oo sq. ft. IOO extra feet. 

TRASHI 
BABS © 

4o COUNT 
TRASH BAGS 
1 
96 

Reg. 2.88 

4 PACK G.E. 
LIGHT BULBS 
$ I 
REG. $2 

£ 
HESTEA 3 OZ. 
1oo% TEA MIX 
1 
47 

REG. 1.47 

 m e n ’ s r u g b y K 

 s t r ip e d v" 

 tu n ic 

 t o p s 

2 
FOR 

The top that combines favorite styling with want ed looks! Narrow and wide wide stripes with contrast color trim. Sizes S M L-XL. 
/ 

> 
SHOP IHE EASY WAY AT W OOUO JUST S A Y ...’CHAR6I IT" 
X 

11o Z. 
JOHNSON 
BABY 
SHAMPOO 

19 

REG. 1.77 

11 oz. bottle. Tear-free for­ mula 

RUBBER MAIO 
ICE CUBE TRAY 
96 
REG. 1.o9 

2 ice cube trays a storage bin. 

ROUX 
"FANCI-FULL 
HAIR RINSE 

 l l 

7o 
REG. 
1.49 
Gives natural co lo rs to grey hair. 16 ti. oz. 

32 OZ. 
SHERWOOD 
TEA GLASSES 
25*1 
REG. 63c EA. 

32 oz. ice tea glasses. Hurry in now and save! 

RODLESS 
BEDSPREAD 
988 

| ) 8 8 
FULL ............. I A 
I E " 88 
QUEEN .......... I D 
£ 1188 
KING ............ I O 

1oRDURoY 
BOLSTERS 
2*5 
REG. 2.93 
Solid color corduroy covers. 
Kapok filled. 

 al*. v \ 
\ 1\\ \ r n 
- 

OKE S ill 
PANTY HOSE 
31*1 

Available in assorted colon 
One size fits all. 

IO " TEFLON 
SKILLET 
96 

WOOLCO PRICE 

Non-stick teflon surface. Easy to clean and care for. 

 ll 

ASSORTED 
SUGAR CANDIES 

 i r i 

Select from Sugar Daddies, 
Sugar Mamas, or Sugar Ba hies. Delicious milk caramel. 

POM-POM 
SOCKS 

7 OZ. CUTTER'S 
INSECT REPELLENT 
I86 

REG. 2.17 

Pressurized insect repellent keeps mosquitoes away from you. 

SLEEPING BAG 
AIR MATTRESS 
88 
9 
REG. 14.99 
Full separating zipper. Cotton shell, rayon liner. M attress with pillow. 

ROLLER DERBY 
STREET SKATES 
44 
5 

Long-wearing boys' black or girls' white shoe skates with ball bearing wheels for out­ door skating. 

ARTIFICIAL 
BUSHES 
33 i 
REG. 1.97 

Choose from a large assort­ ment of artificial bushes in assorted colors. Hurry in now and save! 

6 7 t 

■JU 
S. 

REG. 97* 

Both w ith cushioned sole. 
Pomp-poms, gift boxed. Sizes 
9-11 

Vjx5o" GREEN 
GARDEN HOSE 
25*5 
REG. 2.97 EA. 

Vi” diam. vinyl. Brass cou­ plings. 

LUBE AND 
OIL CHANGE 
588 

In c lu d e s 4 q ts . s tra ig h t w e ig h t o f 
1 o W 3 o m a jo r brand oil of your choice. 

HHT 
L U C t T C x 
Wall Paint 

 r n 

LUCITE 
WALL PAINT 

7 99 

GAL. 
REG. 8.99 
Dries in 3o minutes. Stands up to ear and tear. White and assorted colors. 

REG. 2.49 

Scientifically prepared for use in g r o w i n g mo s t h o u s e plants. A light, airy mix. 

KODAK KR 
135-2o COLOR 
SLIDE FILMI69 

REG. 1.79 

For color prints day light or blue flash. 

YASHIDA MG-1 
CAMERA 
7995 

REG. 99.95 

Features fully electronic auto­ matic range finder system. It comes complete with attrac­ tive carrying case. 

WOOLCO MAKES IT EASY TO SHOP rn 
E 
M i amkamcnicako anatta cm Anet wooifocaao 
* Convenient Time • Payment 
^ 
* Convenient Lay-Away Plan 

WOOLCO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IOO G ilt RO. 
" 
48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
2214 S.W. 
2 7 1 o AUSTIN 
8 1 1 1 M E A D O W LE A F DR 
N E A R W O N D ER L A N D 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
H W Y . AT W A LZ E M 
NEAR M AR BACH AT N .W . 41 

73 2-22 11 
434-9481 
533-8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 
675-96 71 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

 c 

BUY W ITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

H F U C lM fll OII MQVb M O U WUlOLD 
ViuMBMW MMBMW MM 

J 

JEWELERS A N D DISTRIBUTO RS 

 a/ue • Selection 

CAN BE ARRANGED 
1ok gold 1/2 carat t.w 

 t.w.**total i 
Illustrations 

3 DAYS ONLY gifts for the graduate 

Reuther protege heads UAW 

LOS ANGELES (AP) 
— The United 
Auto 
Workers has a new pre­ sident. That's the only alange the union made ut its just-ended national convention. 
However, the next few years promise fun­ damental changes for the nation's largest indus­ 

 trial union, which has been guided by the same founding generation of leaders since its birth 4o yeas ago. 
Douglas Fraser. 6o, a protege of the late Walter 
Reuther, is only the third man to head the 
1.4-million member un­ ion since 1946. 

Like Reuther and his successor 
Leonard 
Woodcock. Fraser is a liberal activist who says he's committed to 
“ social justice for all people,” not just better contracts for his members. 
Fraser says the most pressing internal prob­ 

 lem facing the union is the imminent retirement of the Rcuther-genera- tion of leaders educated in the Depression, and the transition to a new era of leadership. 
By 
1983, 
Fraser, 
Secretary 
- 
Treasurer 
Emil Mazey, at least three top vice presidents 

 and several executive directors w ill be gone. 
"In the years ahead we will undergo dramatic change,” Fraser said in his acceptance speech 
Thursday. “ The number of international repre­ sentatives who are going to leave is almost mas­ sive.” 

1/3 OFF 
LED WATCHES 
15.27 to 83.42 

Our Reg.‘S22.9o to $124.5o 
All are 5 or 6 function models showing hours, minutes, seconds, day and date. 
| 

CONVENIENT CREDIT 

1/2 CARAT T W 
*99.9o.. 
Ol Req $259.7o 
7 DIAMOND LADY'S CLUSTER 

117 carat t.w .* 
Our Reg. $299.oo 
MAN S 1o DIAMOND CLUSTER 

He says ifs uncertain whether the UAW will keep pursuing its social policies of the past or becomes a parochial bread-and-butter union. 
The union faces other problems as well: 
• The question of reaf­ filiation with the 
AFL-CIO convention after a nine-year separa­ tion. Fraser supports a remerger in the name of a united labor front. 
Other union officials op­ pose the move, citing the more conservative policies of the AFL-CIO and the political in­ dependence UAW leaders have enjoyed since 1968. 
The convention did not deal directly with that potentially divisive issue, deciding instead to call a special convention before 
December. 
Car changes 
• Major changes in the auto industry as govern­ ment fuel efficiency and exhaust emission laws force Detroit to make its 

 cars smaller, lighter and cleaner. 
The precise impact of those changes on the union is unclear, but the 
HAW fears a decline in sales and more unem­ ployment among members. 
Even before the energy crisis emerged four years ago, employment in auto plants had been stagnant or declining as automation and the production of smaller cars eliminated workers from assembly stations. 
Fraser says auto em­ ployment is likely to keep declining. That’s why the 
UAW wants a four-day work week — so the makers will have to hire more people to do the work that used to get done in a five-day week. 

• Whether to mount organizing drives in areas outside the UAW’s normal territory. Should the union diversify in tile manner of the Team­ sters 
YOU, too could become a Playboy 
Bunny 
Hop on over9 girls, want to be a Playboy Bunny 

4.99 
O ur R e g. $ 8 .8 3 
ELECTRIC CALCULATOR 
• 8 digits, 4 functions 
• Percent k e y • A lg e b ra ic logic 
• F loatin g decim al; con stant 
• W h ile su p p ly lasts 

I 3 .9 6 SALE 
LED ELECTRONIC DIGITAL 
>K 
ALA RM CLOCK 
’„arm 

• Solid atole 
• W a ln u t o1 white cabinet 
9 9 .8 7 

Our Reg. $129.7o 
LLOYDS RADIO/PHONO 8-TRACK 
STEREO SYSTEM 

Hop to it, girls — The 
News’ Bunny Hunt is underway. 
The new Dallas Play­ boy Club, set to open in 
.July, is seeking 8o or more Bunnies to serve as gracious hostesses in its glamorous setting. 
And The News is going to help the Playboy Club by searching for talent from the South Texas ar­ ca. 

Law student gets award 

Melynda L. Giesensch- lag, who received a doc­ tor of jurisprudence degree from St. Mary’s 
University, received a 
United States Law Week 
Award. 
The award, sponsored by the Bureau of National 
Affairs, Inc., is given to a law student who is judged by the law faculty to have made the most satisfactory scholastic progress in his or her final year. 
Miss Giesenschlag is from Somerville. 

Interested in financial­ ly rewarding full or part-time employment? 
All you have to do is visit The News, Avenue E and Third Street, any weekday between 
8 a.rn.-4 p.m. 
Our photographers on the third floor will snap a professional, full length, black and white photo of 
Bunny hopefuls, which 

The News will forward to 
Playboy talent scouts. 
And News readers will be treated to a new 
Bunny photo every day for the next two weeks! 
Sorry, but we cannot publish all photos due to limited time and space. 
If you can’t pose during weekdays, call 225-7411, ext. 38o. and ask John 
Tarsikes for an evening 

 or weekend photo ap­ pointment. * 
Be sure to bring a swim suit, shorts or leo­ tard — Playboy is look­ ing for gals with gor­ geous legs. 
All Bunny hopefuls must be at least 18 years old. 
Deadline for picture- taking is 4 p.m. June 3. 
Get hopping, gals! 
EXPECTING? 

CASTLE CREEK 64o5 BLANCO RD. 
COMPLETE SELECTION OF FAMOUS 
M A R Y JANE LINGERIE 

• PRE-NATAL BRAS 
• SLIPS 
• NURSING BRAS 
• G O W N S 
• GIRDLES 
ALL LINGERIE 1o% OFF 
W ITH THIS C O U PO N 
ONE WEEK ONLY M AY 23-27 
LET US INTRODUCE YOU TO SA N A N T O N IO ’S 
FINEST M ATERNITY SH O P ... THURSDAY TIL 9 P.M. 

Step into 
“Formby’s Antique Workshop” 
— via film— and learn the renowned antique restorer’s secrets of furniture care and repair 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday May 22 1977 

• F M /A M /F M stereo receiver 

79.94 SPECIAL 
KODAK LOWLIGHT MOVIE CAMERA 
OUTFIT 
$2.99 
K O D A K LO W LIG H T M O V IE F IL M 
Limit 2 

14.99 Our Req. $18.9o 
U.S. LUGGAGE 21" ROLLBAG 
• Distinctive and practical rn butter-soft leather-like vinyl 
1o73 

15.96 
SPECIAL 
LO N D O N LEATHER “T IV O LI” M U SIC A L 
W ALN UT JEWELRY BO X 

79oo 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
•35 N O R T H # SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78218 
MON. T H R U SAT. 1o A.M. TO 9 P.M. 
Ph. 654-72oo 

TWO Lines for 5 Days 
Express and News 
For ONLY *2°° 

(m ost item s sell the first 3 days) 
225-1666 

Come to Rhodes for a two hour Homer Formby Clinic. Mr. 
Formby’s expert representative will demonstrate the Formby method for removing water rings, yellowed layers of wax and cigarette burns. He’ll discuss furniture refinishing and repairing, wood bleaching, brass cleaning, proper finishing for wood, dent and scratch filling and answer your questions about the care and repair of your fine furniture. Bring a drawer or an easy to carry piece of furniture for expert on the spot directions on how to beautifully restore it. Monday at Wonderland and at North 
Star; I 2 noon and 7 p.m. in Housewares. 
Rhodes. 

North Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. 1o to 9, Rhodes Charge, BankAmericard, 

Master Charge, American Express. Anl/Vmfac Company 

13.96 SALE 
G E. 1ooo WATT HAIR DRYER 
• Compact, lightweight pistol dryer for people on the go • Concentrator for spot drying 

• Built in 
8-track stereo tape player 
• Full-size 
BSR autom atic turntable with dust cover. 

27.9o 
Our Reg. $31.9o 
PANASONIC AM/FM DIGITAL CLOCK 
RADIO 
• 24-hour digital timer • Music or burrer alarm 
• Ligated clock face for easy night viewing 

13.99 SALE 
G E. FRANK "N " BURGER 
• Fast cooks a hamburger, hot dogs, or grilled sandwich 

■ 
Our Reg. $27.95 
JASON BINOCULARS 
• 7 power, 35mm objectives, 37.5 brightness, and 367ft. field view 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday M a y 2 2 1 9 7 7 

McCalls 
Cook Book 
Collection 

Complete your collection this week with 
VOLUME 18 

Picnic Cut, Fresh 
Pork 
Roast 

3 lbs. or More, Fresh 
Ground 
Beef 

Lb. 

Farmer Jones 

 lb. 

C Sliced 
Bacon 

Farmer Jones 
B 
S 1' ^icy w w 
Franks 

12-oz. 
Pkg. 

12-oz. 
Pkg. 
99c 
59c 

Cucumbers or 
Bell 
Peppers 

Juicy 
Navel 
Oranges 
2.25* 
3.s1 

Slices or 
Watermelon 
Halves lb . 

Juicy 
Field Ripe 
Pineapples eg 
19 
59' 

/ THIS W EEK'S ^ 
FEATURED ITEM I 

S A L A D 
FORK 

O N L Y 

I 

Piggly Wiggly 
Grade A Large 
Van Camp’s 

“ 
- 

Regular Quarters 
Natural Sun 
Fresh 
Porks 
Blue Bonnet 
Frozen 
Eggs 
Beans 
Oleo 
Lemonade 
.6 6 ° si 
I I I 
Cans 
SH a 3 9 ° s i rn 
Cans ll 

Golden Bake 
Fresh 
Bread 

I V i POUND LOAF 

3 i c 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE BV 

When you buy one (1) 3 -o *. Jar Nastaa 
Instant Tea 

Witt this coupon. 
Coupon oapiro* May 28, 1877 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 25° 

Whan you buy otto (1) Jar Assorted 
Flavors Kraft's le t Croom 
Topping 

Witt this coupon. 
Coupon oxpirts May 28,1877. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE ISF 

Whnn you buy ono ( I) 14 -o z. Pkg. Kaoblor Eftwich 

Cooklos 

Witt tills coupon, i) 
Coupon oiplros May 28, 1877. 

W M fXW OOOOOOQOQM Q'^m ^ 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 75° 
When you buy oh o ( I ) 4 Pack Pkg. IO, 79 or IO O 
Watt Plggly Wiggly 
Light Burk 

Witt Oils coupon. 
Coupon a apt rat May 21. 1877 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 15c 

M L* 
W * 

Whnn you buy ono (1) 8-oz. Jar Kraft’s Assorted 
Flavors 
Choaz WINZ 

Witt Mils coupon. 
Coupon oaptros May 28, 1877. 

P age 
6-C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday M ay 22 I 977 

SOME STORES CLAIM THE BEST DEAL IN TOWN 

WI ' 
* C - 
FA 
. _ 
WE GUARANTEE* THE 
ST DEAL ANYWHERE! 

■ U .- 
V - 
J I M * - ' » 

%*% 

2o YEAR 
Ll 

IT 

C O M P A R E OUR 2o Y EA R N O N PRO-RATED LIM­ 
ITED W ARRANTY. W E C A N SELL AT THIS PRICE 
BECA U SE WE ARE THE BIGGEST D ISCO U N TERS 
IN THE AREA. THE M ATTRESSES ARE M A D E HERE 
IN S A N A N T O N IO ... C O M P A R E ... AN YW H ERE! 

J R 
FULL 

 f i s t 
J E T * * 

 ar* 
4Mj% 

QUEEN m ss* 

U 
W 
M 
M 

 t i i w w 

. .IC- rf- . Ab I 
KING 
- 

EVEN 
LESS 
THAN 

J U . 

'* I 

THE PRICE YOU HAVE 
TO PAY FOR OTHER 
TOP LINE SLEEP SETS 
SHOP THE SEALY, 
POSTUREPEDIC OR 
SIMMONS BEAUTY REST 
OR THE SEPTA. PERFECT 
SLEEPER AND COMPARE 

GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 

W a guarantee low er price* on n e w furniture than a n y other retail furniture store a n y w h e re regardless of a n y kind of sale they m ay run. lf you can beat the prices on an y furniture you b u y from us at a n y retail furniture store other than United Discount Furniture, w e w in refund to you 1 2 o % of the difference. 
1. Price confirmation is required. 
2. Must be w ithin 3o days of purchase— Your receipt is proof of purchase. 
3. Must be alike and of sam e brand and/or model num ­ bers. 
UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

2 HUGE 
WAREHOUSES 
LOW OVERHEAD 
SAVES YOU 
MONEY 

 i i I 
I A A I A LA A D 
4 BLoCKS EAST oF BRoADWAY ft I 
I U 4 L A / V l A K 
ON PTH STREET JUST PAST IH 37 

#2 1 o 4 1 o P E R R IN -B E IT E L y S E S * 
: 
OPEN 
T U E S. I O 'T IL 9 
CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC ALL OTHER 
TO THE T H U R S . " I O 'T I L 9 DAYS EXCEPT FOR SPECIAL OPENINGS 
PUBLIC 
S A T . I O 'T IL 2 
WHEN ADVERTISED , 

Randolph general to 
German post 

Maj. Gen. Walter D. Druen Jr., com­ mander of the Air Force Military Personnel 
Center at Randolph AFB, has been named new commander of the 17th Air Force, 
Sembach AB, Germany. 
Gen. Druen will pre­ sume his post on June 
15. 
The general was pre­ sented the Distinguished 
Service Medal, first oak leaf el lister, by Ll. Gen. 
K. L. Tallm an, deputy chief of staff personnel, 
USAP. . 
The citation for the de­ coration read, in part, that Gen. Druen provided 
“ superior direction to the m anagem ent of 
Air 
Force personnel during a period of major force re­ ductions and great per­ sonnel turbulence.” 
In his new- position, 
Gen. Druen will com ­ mand Air Force flying units in Germany and the 
Netherlands. 
No successor has been named at this time. 
Brig. Gen. H erbert L. 

MAJ. GEN. DRUEN 

David Soul exhausted 

LONDON 
(A P) 
- 
Singer-actor David Soul, s ta r of the television series 
“ Starsky and 
Hutch.” was reported re­ covering from exhaustion at a rest home in south­ west England. 
Allen Burry, spokes­ man for the movie com­ 

 pany making Soul’s first feature film. “ M ud,” now in production in 
England, said reports that Soul had been hospi­ talized for pneum onia were not true. 
Last Wednesday. Soul flew to Scotland to per­ form for Queen Elizabeth. 

% L O 
B E - i KEEP THAT LAWN 

•49o2 FREDERICKSBURG RD 

•85o5 BROADWAY 

•7142 SAN PEDRO 

•4343 W. COMMERCE 

•315 SANTA ROSA 

•238 MILITARY OR. 

 m etal folding table 

24 x BO tr> steel fable wit ft reinforced 

 corners. Detune bandie for easy car tying with baked on enamel metallic color 

1o-X 17-in. Hibachi 

Cast iron body Two chrome grid s Adjust 

 able to four positions. Great for picnics or at nome 

 steel hose hanger 

Designed for easy lift off storage tabbed. heavy gauge steel 

IN GREAT SHAPE 
(and save, tool) 

3-tube soaker hose 

Super flexible for curving terrain Sp rays 

 gently a wide area fle xible vinyl for sprinkling or soaking. 

5/8-m. X 5o-ft. rubber/vinyl hose 

Topfiite rubber and vinyl Reinforced w in truck me cord Special rubber viny! com 

 pound Solid brass couping;, 

5/8-m. X 5o-tl. vinyl garden hose 

Gleam ing garden green mirror finish vinyl 

 ga*den hose 
Top Quality, all-vmyf con­ struction Solid b rass couplings 

Ortho liquid edger 

 iiqutd fence and grass edger with appli­ 

 cator top Kills grass and weed* on con tact 

 outdoor extension cord 

1ooft grounded cord. Idea) for all gar* den anq outdoor tools 

Off insect repellent 

Off keeps m osquitos away for five full hours 13 a i 

2o-in. lawnmower 

3 H P 
B r ig g s a n d S t r a t t o n e n ­ 

 g in e w ith h a n d le m o u n t e d t h r o t ­ 

 tle . F o u r c y c le e n g in e w ith r e ­ 

 c o il s t a r t e r . 

 r J Toro 

^ 
‘Rearbagger’ 

3 5 H P B r ig g s a n d S t r a t t o n e n ­ 

 g in e w ith h a n d le m o u n t e d t h r o t ­ 

 tle c o n tr o l a n d c a s t a lu m in u m 

 d e c k . E a s y h e ig h t a d ju s t e r s a n d 

 la rg e d u m p in g b a g in c lu d e d . 

 deluxe nylon trimmer 

1/2 H P . m o t o r . W a s h a b le filte r 

 le ts a ir m . k e e p s d ir t o u t ! A u t o ­ 

 m a tic lin e c u t t e r . 
L i g h t w e i g h t 

 w ith s p r in g lo a d e d lin e t e e d . 

B r ig g s a n d S t r a t t o n e n g in e w ith 

 a d ju s ta b le c u r b w h e e ls , f in g e r ­ 

 tip th r o t t le c o n t r o l a n d d e p t h 

 c o n tr o l le v e r. 

\ / 

98* 
Shout stain remover 

U s Shout il-oul time! 12-o*. Shoul laundry soil and sia m remover 
Heavy duty cleaner. 

7o61o3 A. Copyright, G lobe Stores inc P n c e s effective thru M ay 28,197 A M e reserve the right to limit quantities 

* G L O B E 
•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
►238 Military Drive 
►49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

• O u r p r e s c r ip t io n are 
[’n e e d 1 It you. lin o ,t 

 p re sc rip tio n bottle a n d 
*-ip> we w-it <»*'un 1 
- •D uring the .nj peno,i we map. n 
. j m o c . i- 

To have your problem solved or a (ptes- lion answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Box 2 /7 1 , Son A ntonio, TX 78297. 
Open fairs 

I noticed in your Sunday paper that an Argentine 
Trade Fair is scheduled for Oft. 24-3o in San 

A My* quest ion is: will it be like the Mexican Trade 
Fair in that the only people allowed to visit it will bt* representatives of retail or wholesale outlets? 
If so. please give ample publicity to this tact with each article printed about the fair. 
Last vear I made a special trip it* see the Mexican 
Trade Fair only to learn it is not open to the public. 
J. B. C. 

Em anuel, vice com ­ mander. will assume the duties of the commander in the interim. 
Argentine Trade Farr 
Manager W. A. Nowland said the fair will be open to the public the last two days. 
“ It will not be in a bonded area so there will be over the counter sales,” said Nowland. of 
Century International 
Trading Co., the fair’s sponsor. 
The fair will feature 
Argentinian footwear, clothing, leather goods, jewelry, perfumes, min­ ing equipm ent, hard­ woods and hardwares. 
The M exican Trade 
Fair will also be opened to the public for the first time since the fair's start in 1972. 
"We have reached an 

 agreement that during one evening certain hours will be set aside for an open house for San 
Antonio citizen s who want to take a look at the fine variety of products available,” Mayor Lila 
Cockrell said in January. 
Arrangements are still pending for an admis­ sion system to handle the crowds and to develop a method to get the crowd through the exhibition. 
In other words, you will have a chance to visit both fairs and actually be able to purchase goods at one of them. 
Keep reading about the fairs in the paper for furthur details about the actual arrangements. 

Paper collection 

Is there some agency or individual who collects newspapers and magazines? Thousands of pounds go into garbage cans each week — an appalling waste that should be salvaged somehow. 
Many people cannot carry bags of papers so I would also like to know if this agency hae its own pick-up service. 
T. V. 

American Waste Paper 
Co, or 
Consolidated 
Fibers Inc., 3o1 E. Ce- vailos St., 22o-o361, does buy newspapers and ma­ gazines. 

However, the agency does not provide pick-up service. You have to take it by between 8 a.m. and 
4 p.m. Monday through 
Friday. 
Newspapers are bought 

 for $1.15 per IOO pounds. 
Magazines are purchased at 2o cents for each IOO pounds. 
The parcels do not have to be bundled, but newspapers, magazines and other types must be kept separate. 
The company will pur­ chase any type paper and the different prices are according to the different grades. 

M onkey mail 

Every year we see the monkey man at Night in Old 
San Antonio. We missed him this year. Can you tell me if he was there? 
CLR IOLS 

According to Joleyn 
Smith, who handled the 
MOSA publicity, your monkey man. otherwise known as Cliff Wallace — the “ Organillero” was not at MOSA this year. 

He has been at MOSA the last five years, but he could not make it this year. In all probability he will return next year. 
The organillero — or organ player 
—plays an organ made in Barce­ lona, Spain, over IOO 

 years ago. He also wears a different costume each night. 
His most flamboyant costume in the Huichol 
Indian one made in Ja­ lisco and Nayarit. The 
Huichol Indians are mi­ grants who carry all their belongings on their per­ son. 

Consequently, the cos­ tume has bags all over it for food, money, and the traveler’s worldly pos­ sessions. 

Scissors sharpened 

L,ute in January your column carried an article about a man w ho sharpened scissors. If I remember correctly, he lived in the northeast section of town. 
I thought I had saved the article, with the address and phone number, but I cannot locate it. I must have misplaced it. 
Can you help me by furnishing this information again. 
MRS. C. B. E. 

Action-Express had a hard tim e finding this scissor sharpener, so we kept his name on file for future reference. 

To get your scissors or knives sharpened, take them to Costa’s Lock and 
Key Shop, 1oo2 NE IH41o, 
824-41o1. 

He sharpens scissors of all kinds, makes keys, changes and repairs locks and is a notary public. 

His shop is open from o to 9:3o p.m. Tuesday through Friday, I to 6 p.m. Sunday and ll a.m. to 9:3o p.m. Monday. 

Broken glasses 

Help! Recently someone sat on my eye glasses and broke the frames. The lenses were not broken, fortunately. 
My optician told me the frames could not be fixed because the hinge was broken off completely. In other word, he could not attach the ear piece back on to the front part. 
I hate to see these expensive lenses go to waste. 
My optician cannot reorder the same frames be­ cause he says the company which supplied them went out of business. 
M. R. G. 

The Optical House, 5449 
Walzcm Road, o5o-93o9, m ight be able to help you. The shop has many different frames and the m anager said a fram e made by another com ­ 

 pany might be fitted for your lenses. 
The shop is open Mon­ day through Friday from 
IO a.m . to 7 p.m . and from IO a.m. to I p.m. on 
Saturday. 

"V" * 
■RL *% 

Crustacean cargo 'crabby’ 
T l i p 
S i d e 

About 
7.2o(1 angry, snapping jumbo crabs closed down Interstate 
95 near Elkridge, Md., for about an hour, po­ lice reported. 
A police spokesman said a truck carrying the cargo overturned 
Friday, spilling the crabs onto the highway. 
A passenger in the front seat of the vehicle was thrown through the 

 front windshield. He was reported in fair condition at a local ho­ spital. 
Trooper Frank Moran said the crabs and 337 pounds of crabmeat that also spilled onto the roadway were va­ lued at $7,ooo. He said the crabs were “ mean and upset” and snapped at him when he arrived at the scene. 
He warned himself 
Police Chief Frank Botts of Beaver City. Neb., shows no discrimination when it comes to crack­ ing down on owners of dogs running at large. 
Botts' St. Bernard cleared a fence at the chief’s home and ran loose around the town until appre­ hended. 
Without hesitation. Botts wrote himself a ticket to appear in court. 
Beaver City’s ordinance calls for a verbal warning on the first offense and a $5 fine and costs on the second offense. 
“ The dog got loose once before and I warned myself then that I would be fined the next time,” 
\^he said. 

What price, peace, quiet 

What’s some peace and quiet. worth to you? Robert L. Benson thinks he got some with a bid of 
$8o,ooo. 
Benson says he outbid everybody else Thursday at an auction and became owner of a bar and music club next door to his house in Hat­ field, Mass. 
Benson was tired of living next to the noisy nightspot. 
Brush rush 
Police and sheriff’s cars raced to the rescue of a man reported lean­ ing over a railing on the Tacoma 
Narrows Bridge, seemingly bent on suicide. 
The apparent suicide turned out to be the supervisor of a crew painting the bridge. 

S A C R A M E N T O ’S Bill Steed of 
“ Croaker College ’ shows off 
Dinah, a recent graduate. Steed says his school’s goal is to give frogs the training and confidence they need to win the Calaveras 
C ounty Jumping Frog Ju b ilee 
Su n d ay at Angels Cam p 

No comment 
Singer Anita Bryant performed in a Min­ neapolis produce ware­ house Saturday while gay activists, feminists and other organizations attempted to protest in the drenching rain out­ side. 
The concert, which was rained out from its outdoor stage, was a promotional stunt to open the Minneapolis 
Fruit and 
Produce 
Center. 
Tarantula in cuslodv 

A 41/i-inch tarantula was being held in “ pro­ tective custody” after police arrested its owner in a drug raid at a house in San Franeis- 
. co. 
“ We’re not exactly thrilled by the presence of our hairy guest,” said Richard Avanzino, of the local animal shelter, “ but we ll keep him until his ow ner gets out of jail.” 
Sills draws praise for 'Norma’ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 22 1977 

Public textbook review begins 

For its final offering of the current season, the 
San Antonio Symphony 
Opera gave 
Bellini’s masterpiece “ Norma” at the Theatre for the Per­ forming Arts Friday. 
The role of the Druid priestess is perhaps the most demanding in the soprano repertory, its vo­ cal and dramatic' re­ quirements so prodigious that Lili Lehmann (the 
11 r s I 
Metropolitan 
Norma) once said that she would rather sing all three Brunnhildes in a single evening than Nor­ ma. 
Only the greatest so­ pranos of any generation have dared to attempt this role. and in its near­ ly one hundred years, the 
Met has seen univ eight 
Normas. 
Beautiful 
I first heard Beverly 

S i l l s sing “ Norma” in 
Boston iii 1971 (her first 
Norma ever) and 
I thought at the time that I had never heard or seen anything more beautiful in my life, Now, as then, hers is a compelling pro- tcaval, imbued with the authority and dramatic presence that are Sills’ private domain. \ 11 Ii - ough much of the nigh- flying, sustained singing is more difficult for her these days, still there were many splendid Mo­ ments. 

Opera review 

By STEPHEN MARINARO 

Tenor Frank Little was a disappointing Pollione. 
Although he too had some beautiful moments, he seemed unconI lort able with this music and had difficulty with the kind of long-lined, lyric singing required in Bel Canto opera. 
Tatiana Troy a nos was absolutely splendid as 
Adalgisa. Hers is a lush, velvety mezzo-soprano of astonishing flexibility that scales easily to a glooming high C. She sang with unfailing beauty of tone-and line and a real know ledge of true Bellini rubato. Her portrayal of the young priestess caught between love and duty was extre­ mely touching, and she was roundly and deser­ vedly cheered by the au­ dience. 
Oroveso is not a very big part, but Robert Hale 

 sang it beautifully, mak­ ing his every utterance memorable. He brought reat nobility to Norma’s ather, and sang, as local audiences have come to expect from this great bass-baritone, superbly. 
Roger Melone conduct­ ed a taut, exciting, well­ defined overture that had great rhythmic supple­ ness and good line. 
Throughout the opera, he seemed to do best in the rousing ensembles like the “ Guerra” chorus In the last act. 
Hurried 
However, in the limpid cantilena of “ Mora, O 
Norma.” or the magnifi­ cent finale starting with 
“ Qual cor tradisti,” his hurried tempos robbed the music of its grandeur and arching line. In both of these and also the Act 
One finale, “ OI di qual 

BASEBALL 

CARDS 

WANTED 

Busing <-ar»l*. photo*, am) picture* al ball­ player* i**ue«l vkilh gum. randy. lobar*'**. 

 rte. prior lo IOOO. (.all 

 mr al lilt* Alani** Tra- 
\ Hodge. 
I tO.> 

Broadway) al 
222- 
OtOI. a*k for Hubert 

Brure or *lop by. I rn here from 12-B Satur­ 

 day and Sunday univ. 

S A S O su m m e r p ro g ra m is set 

San Antonio School District’s summer school will be held at Jefferson and Wheatley high schools and will allow students to take from one to three quarters of credit. 
Registration is May 31. The three 14-day summer terms will run June I through June 2o. June 21 through July ll and July 12 through July 29. 
Classes will be held between 7:3o a.m. and 12:3o p.m. depending on the student's course load. 
Tuition is $Ho for four quarters of credit, $4o for three consecutive quarters in the same course, and 
$2o for one quarter of credit. 
The driver training summer program at Wheatley 
High School and Whittier Middle School will include both a Phase ll behind-the-wheel course and a concurrent program including both Phase I class­ room instruction and Phase IL 
Registration will be held from I to 5 p.m. May 31 and classes will be held between June I and Aug. 12. 
The English As a Second Language Summer 
Institute will provide intensive oral language drills, conversations, dialogues and reinforcement acti­ vities in other subjects. 
Maverick, Bowden, Stewart and Barkley elemen­ tary schools and Talolla Middle School will serve as 
ESL centers for the institute which runs May 31 to 
July 8. Classes will meet from 8 a.m. to noon weekdays. 

One of the great values for grads 

 on.,* 1 9 " 
LED*, black strap and case. 

 a Hour e Minutes 

D o w n to w n 
224 E. Houston 
Daily 1o-5:3o 
Thurs. 1o-7:3o 

*Light-Emitting Diode 

MISSION 
^ j e w e l e r s 

• Month 

Illustration Enlarged 

South P ark 
M a ll 
Daily 1o-9 
Sat. 1o-6 

Mission R evolving Charge • M ission Custom Charge 
BankAm ericord • M aster Charge 
American Express • Diners Club • Carte Blance • Layaw ay 

 sci tu vittima,” Bellini has marked Andante and 
Melone took them all 
Allegro. 
This tendency towards faster tempos than those indicated by the com­ poser can have very un­ 

 fortunate results in 
Bellini, making some of the march music espe­ cially sound unintention­ ally humorous. 
The imaginative and effective sets and cos­ tumes (the production 

 was originally conceived by Tito Capobianco) were borrowed from the San 
Diego and San Francisco 
Operas. 
Fine chorus work was supplied by the Master- singers. 

The public may view textbooks being consi­ dered for use in Texas schools at the Region 2o 
Education 
Service 
('(‘liter. 
The materials are on display at the center's media office from 8 a.rn. to 5 p.m. Monday through 
Friday. 
School subjects scheduled to receive new textbooks include ele­ mentary Spanish for grades three through s i x , 
Texas history and geo­ graphy for grade seven and literature for grades seven and eight. 
Secondary subjects on the list include English, composition, drama, bio­ logy, chemistry, Ger­ man, Spanish, funda­ mentals of the free en­ terprise system, general business, office proce­ dures, business mathe­ matics and driver educa­ tion. 
Books will be studied by members of lilt' State 
Textbook Committee and their local advisors throughout the summer. 
Hearing 
The State Textbook 
Committee and Dr. M. L. 
Broekette, Texas Com­ missioner of Education, 

 will hold a joint public hearing on the suggested material in Austin. 
The State Textbook 
Committee will meet 
Sept. 12 through 14 in 
Austin to select books which will be recom­ mended to Dr. Brockett for adoption. 
Each book on this pre­ liminary list then will be examined in detail bv 
Texas Education Curri­ culum specialists before the final recom­ mendation is completed. 

Members of the State 
Board of Education will hold a final public hear­ ing Nov. IO in Austin. 
The Board will adopt new materials at its regular 
Nov. 12 meeting set for 
8:3o a m. in the TEA of­ fice complex iii Austin 

Express-News 

W ant Ads 

225-1666 

AUCTION 
Persian Rugs & other O riental Rugs 

Immediate and urgent removal of the follow- ing cargo has been demanded from the ware­ house where it is presently being held. 
Disposal of this cargo which contains lux­ urious merchandise, the finest quality PERSIAN 

 and O R IE N T A L C A R P E T S 

U 
A l 
~ has been ordered by those financially responsible for the unpaid shipment. The entire collection consists of varied pieces from 
A R D EB IL • T A B R IZ • N A IN & K A S H A N 
Some PURE and PART SILK O U M & M an y others 

M onday 
Sain t A n th o n y H o te l 
8 P 
M 
OO 
Peraux Room 
Viewing* Mows 
M a y / J 
Roy Carr Ao{t(one#f TX-GS-77-453 
7 P m 

We’re OPEN 7 Days A Week 

7 a.m. to 12 p.m. Monday Thru Sunday 
TISSUE 

SUPER S FOODS 
7 731 S. W .W . W HITE R O A D 
7 A.M. to I 2 P.M. 
SUPER S FOODS 
3o46 E. COM M ERCE 
OPEN 8 A.M. to IO P M 
OFFICIAL (JSDA FOOD STAMP 
REDEMPTION CENTER 

SPEC IALS G O O D THRU M A Y 25TH. LIM IT R IG H T S RESERVED 

4 ROLL PA K 

V -V 
NORTHERN 

■\t\ 

 i ifT*’ ' 

I*.! i -I*,.-n 

LAMB 
BREAST 
RATH’S RA-CORN 
SLICED 
BACON 

LB. 

 im 

BEEF OR MEAT 
FRANKS 
U.S.D.A. GOOD BEEF 
ROUND 

LB. 

12 O Z . 
P K G . 

IO 

o 

IO 

U 5 o A GOOD 
SIRLOIN STEAK i. 
IOU YOUR GROUND BKI NUBS 
BEEF BLEND a. 6 9 
KAN 
GROUND BEEF 
» M ° 
PORR 
NECK BONES 
» 3 9 

PIG FEET is 4 9 
BIK 
SHORT RIBS is 6 9 

SHOD 
Riff BRISKET .. ......... in 69 
WAHR THIN [AND o FROST. TURKEY. 
BIK, PASTRAMI OR (HICKIN 
SLICED MEATS 
....... 3o/ 39< 

RATH S BOLOGNA, SALAMI OR 
SPICED LUNCHEON adz 5 9 c 
RATHS y 
PORK LINKS .............. «oz 6 9 * 
RATH S 

LIGHT CRUST 
F L O U R 

TFC- 
A ii ''I-.:ii g S ? 

 nHnrpnu! nmUliBrt 

5 LB* BAG 

•J t 

RAMA 

■-Lit 
STEAK 
PICNIC CUT 
PORK 
STEAK 

LB. 
o 

I V oz 

CRACKER SIZE 
POUND 

3 IB BAG 

LB. 
RUM P 
I 
ROAST 
_ 
- ".I 

SLICED BACON 

APCo 
CERVELoT 

APCo V P SHEID PIECES OR 
BACON ENDS 
COUNTRY STYK 
RING SAUSAGE 
» 9 9 * 
EXTRA KAN 
„ 
STEW MEAT 
.. M 29 

MARKU CUT 1oNGHoRN 
CHEESE 
................... 
<■ ‘ I* * 
AMERICAN SLICED 
CHEESE SINGLES n o i ‘ I 1* 
SARGENTS 
FARMER CHEESE a oz 
S P 
9 

GRAPE 
JELLY 

2 LB. JAR 
o 

GOLDEN SWEET 
CORN 

TEXAS JUICY s 
PEACHES 
2 I ^ RED RIPE 
TOMATOES 

8 /M 

VV 

LB. 

CELIO 
TRAY 

D ANJOU JUICY 

PEARS ......... 

GREEN SLICERS 
CUCUMBERS 

ZUCCHINI GREIN ITALIAN 

SQUASH ...... 

SOUD HIADS GREIN 

CABBAGE..... 

(AllfORNIA SWK! 

ORANGES..... 

SUNKIST 

LEMONS 

3 lbs s 1 oo 
VAN CAMP 
P O R K ‘N’ 
BEANS 

VV; 
3oo CAN 

K g ! 
MEANS 
LOW PRICES 

BIG RED 
SODA WATER 
AQ* 
... 64 oz. W rn 

RANCH STYLE 
BEANS 
.8 9 ' 

TOM SCOTT 
MIXED NUTS 
89' 

BOW WOW 
DOG FOOD 
SIB. OO C 
...B A G 
A rn 

JEWEL 
SHORTENING 
«oi. S I 19 
...C A N 
I 

NORTHERN 
NAPKINS 
49* 
14o CT. 
■ # 

HORMEL TENDER 
CHUNK HAM 
79* 
. 6 * oz. rn # 

COMET 
RICE................ 
28 OZ. 
....BOX 
" 

FRESH SCENT 
PINE-O-PINE 
28oZ. S I 59 
.... BTE 
■ 

SWEETHEART LIQUID 
DETERGENT 
„.,39‘ 

PETER PAN 
PEANUT BUTTER . 
.69' 

ALABAMA GIRI WHOLE 
DILL PICKLES 
... 59' 

Dollar Power 

DEI MONK CUT 
GREEN BEANS . . . 3o3CAN 

DEI MONTE 
SPINACH .... 3o3CAN 

CoNTADINA 
8 OZ 
TOMATO SAUCE can 

ANDY 
DOG FOOD...... .'<« 

SWIFT VIENNA 
SAUSAGE......... soz 

AJAX 
CLEANSER.... .... REG. (AN 

BRUNSWICH 
HERRING 
3’/j OZ. 
... BTE. 

3o3 CAN 

POUCH 
.. SIZE 

RANCH STYIE 
BEANS....... 

GLADIOLA MIX 
CORN BREAD 

JOAN OF ARC 
CORN .................................. 
3o3 CAN 

O L O 
VERMICELLI.. 
5 oz. 
BOX 

GORTON 8ATTCR FRIED 
FISH FILLETS 

TENNESSEE 
CUT CORN .. 

IYNDEN FARMS (RINKLE CUI 

$ 1 39 

MOZ. 
5 9 * 

POTATOES...........vie 
5 9 * 

‘” 3 / $1 

$ ] o9 

8 9 

TEXSUN 
ORANGE JUICE 

PETRITZ 
APPLE COBBLER 

16 OZ. 

CAN 

28 OZ. 

PIZZA........ ASSORTED 

-Frozen Foods- 

I ' IMPERIAL 
MARGARINE a 49* I 
I KRAFT 
$1o9 1 
I ORANGE JUICE.../ gal I 

BAIIARD 
BISCUITS 
8oz 6 / $l 

YOM! 
YOGURT 
*ozd/S1 
AU FLAVORS Hr / 
I 

FOREMOST EoW-FAT 
MILK 
TGAL. S I 29 

TOMATO 
CATSUP 

DEL MONTE 

/32o*\ 
32 OZ. 

[fin'Homely 

'old 
MILWAUKEE 
BEER 

6 PAK GLASS 

Page 
BC 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

Ifs registration time for Summer evening classes at San Antonio College. 

REGISTRATION M AY 24 & 25 Classes begin M AY 3o 

1. 

2. 
3. 

4. 

Registration Procedures 

State Statute requires that ail students must have polio and diphtheria im m unisations as applicable by age and other factors. 

San A n to n io College L D . Cards are prepared. 
A basic inform ation fo rm must be completed. 

A " T im e P e rm it" w ill be issued advising the student the day and time to come and c o m ­ plete his registration and pay tuition and fees. 

Off campus classes. 

Brooks Air Force Base 
East Central High School 
Fort Sam Houston 
Kelly Air Force Base 
Lackland A i r Force Base 

McCollum High School 
Randolph Air Force Base 
North Side Ind. School Cist. 
San Antonio Police Dept. 
Southwest Center 
USAA 

A I R C O N D I T I O N I N G 
3 11 
A C Controls 

A R T 

3 o o 
Design I 

3 o 4 
A rt Ap preciation 
3 o 7 
Drawing & Painting 

B A C T E R I O L O G Y 
411 
M ic ro b io l& Pathol 

(Requires Lab) 

B I O L O G Y 

3 o o 
Basic Biology 
8 o 1 A 
General Biology 
(Requires Lab) 

8 o 1 B 
General Biology 
(Requires Lab) 

B U S IN E S S A D M I N I S T R A T I O N 
3 o 2 
3 1 o 
3 1 5 
3 1 7 
6 1 1 A 

61 IB 

In tio to Business 

Business S tat Prog 
Principles of Mqt 
Personal Finance 
Pun of A c counting 

Prm of A c counting 

B U S IN E S S T E C H N O L O G Y 

3 o o 
Elem T yp e w ritin g 

^Requires Lab) 

3o1 
Inter T y p e w ritm g 

3 o 2 
Intro Gregg Short 
(Requires Lab) 
3 o 3 
Inter Shoi thand 

3 o 4 
O ffice M anagem ent 
3 o 8 
Business M a th 

3 o 9 
Business English 

31 7 
Elem A ccou nting 
3 2 o 
O ffice Machines 
(Requires Lab) 

6 1 1A Adv. M achine 

Shorthand 

I 
CHEMISTRY 
1o1 
Intro-C hem Prac I 

1o 2 
Qual Chem ical 

Analysis 
3o1 
General C hem istry 

3 o 2 
General C h em istry 
4 o 6 
Elem C hem istry 

D A T A P R O C E S S IN G 
2 o 2 
Intro to Basic Lang 
3o1 
Overview C o m p u te r 

3 o 3 
Job C o n tro l Lg-JCL 
3 o 4 
Systems Analysis 
3 1 6 
C O B O L Program m ing 
3 1 9 
F O R T R A N Essentials 
3 2 o 
Mini Co m p uters 
4 o 2 
Intro E D R & Prog 

E C O N O M IC S 
3 o 2 
Pun of Economics 
3 o 3 
Prm of Econom ics 

E N G I N E E R I N G T E C H N O L O G Y 
4 1 o 
Surv Engr Tech 

E N G L IS H 

T o enroll in English 6o1 A, a 

 student must: N 
A . Present proof o f,c o m ­ pleting English 3 o o at San 
A n to n io College or St. Philip's 

College w ith a grade of D or higher, O R 

Present p ro of o f (1) A C T 

 scores 15 and above, or (2) 
S A T verbal - 3 8 o and above, 

 or (3) Co op converted 154 

 and above. 
Basic English 
Brit Lit Sheridan 
Brit Lit-Sheridan 
Read in W o rld Lit 

Read in W o rld Lit 
Am er L iterature 

A m er L iterature 
6 o 1 A English C o m p ositio n 

6 o 1 B English C o m position 

Arrangements can be made w ith the Counseling O ffic e prior to 

 registration to take the Co op test. 
This proof must be presented during registration to representa* 

B 

3 o o 
311 
312 
3 1 3 
3 1 4 

3 1 5 - 

3 1 6 

 tives at the English D e pa rtm e nt 

 table w hen the student picks up an English course card, lf the stu­ 

 d en t does not have this p ro o f, the class assignment for English will be English 3oo. 

E N G L IS H (A s a Second Language) 
4o1 
Beg English Conv 

(Requires Lab) 
4 o 2 
Beg English Read 

F IR E S C IE N C E 
3 1 6 
Fire SV Practicum I 

F R E N C H 

3 o o 
Begin Conver French 

G E O L O G Y 

8 o 1 A 
General Geology 
(Requires Lab) 

G E R M A N 
3 o o 
Begin Conver G erm an 

G O V E R N M E N T 
G overnm ent 3 o 5 will now satisfy 

 the Texas Education Agency's 
Texas Constitution requirem ent. 
G ovt 3 o 5 replaces Govt 311 

(Texas-State) and Govt 3 o 6 re places G ovt 3 1 o (American- 
N ational). 
3 o 5 
American G overnm ent 
3 o 6 
American G overnm ent 

H I S T O R Y 

3 1 5 
History of US 
3 1 6 
History of US 

J O U R N A L I S M 

3o1 
Intro to i lass C o m m 

L A W E N F O R C I M E N T 

3o1 
Intro Law Enforce 
3 o 2 
Police Role Crim e 

3 o 3 
C rim m inal Investigtn 

3 o 9 
Police Org & A d m in 
3 1 2 
Police C o m m Ret 
3 1 3 
''Law & Society 

M A T H E M A T I C S 
3 o o 
College Algebra 
3o1 
Plane Ti igonom etry 
3 o 5 
A n alytic G eom etry 

3 o 6 
Calculus for Bus 
3 o 8 
Calculus I 
3 1 2 
Calculus ll 
3 1 3 
Calculus 111 

3 1 6 
Elem of Statistics 
6 o o A Intro & Inter Algebra 

6 o o B Intro & Inter Algebra 
6 o 2 A Topics C o ntem p M ath 
6 o 3 B M ath For Elem Tchres 

P H IL O S O P H Y 

3 o 6 
Philosophy and Life 

3 1 o 
Intro to Philosophy 
3 1 2 
Logic 

P H Y S IC A L E D U C A T I O N 
1o1 P 
Badm itton 
1 o 1 R 
Basketball 
1 o 1 T 
Tennis 

1 13 
Beginning S w im m ing 

114 
Inter Sw im m ing 
3 o 3 
First Aid Safe Educ 
3 o 4 
G ro u p Leadership 
3 o 6 
O fficiating Team Sp. 

P H Y S IC S 
8 o 1 A General Physics 

(Requires Lab) 
8 o 1 B General Physics 

(Requires Lab) 

P O S T A L S E R V IC E A D M I N 
3 o 2 
Postal O per& Reg 

P S Y C H O L O G Y 

3o1 
Intro to Psychology 

Applied Psychology 
Psychology in Grief 
Psy of Hu m an Rel 

Business Psychology 

Psy of Personality 

Social Psychology 

Child G ro w th & Devlp 

3 o 3 
3 o 4 

3 1 o 

311 

3 1 2 

3 1 3 
3 1 5 

3 1 6 
Psy of Adolescence 
3 1 7 
Intro to Statistics 
3 1 9 
A b no rm al Psychology 

R A D I O / T V / F I L M 

3 1 5 
Newswriting & Prod 

R E A D I N G 

3 o o 
Basic Reading 
3o1 
Inter Reading 

3 o 2 
Advanced Reading 

S O C IO L O G Y 

3 o 2 
Intro Study Society 
3 o 3 
Co ntem p Social Prob 

3 o 4 
Cultural A n th ro p o l 
3 o 5 
Marriage & F a m ily 

3 1 o 
Intro Soc Welfare 
3 1 3 
Crim inology 

S P A N IS H 

3 o o 
Begin Conv Span I 

3 o 2 
Begin Conv Span ll 
4 o 6 
Elem Spanish I 

(Requires Lab) 

4 o 7 
Elem Spanish 11 
(Requires Lab) 

6 1 2 A Inter Spanish I 

(Requires Lab) 
6 1 2B Inter Spanish ll 

(Requi'res Lab) 

SP E E C H 

3 o 5 
Fund of Speech 

T E C H N I C A L M A T H 
3 o o 
Technical M ath I 
3o1 
Technical Mat h ll 

Z O O L O G Y 

6 o 2 A H u m an Anat Hi Physio 

(Requires Lab) 
6 o 2 B H u m a n Anat & Physio 

(Requires Lab) 

CONTINUING EDUCATION 
T h e 
C o n t i n u i n g 
E d u c a t i o n 
D i v is io n o f S a n A n t o n i o C o lle g e v is ib ly re fle c ts th e C o lle g e 's c o m ­ m i t m e n t to m e e t i n g t h e e d u c a ­ t io n a l n ee d s o f a h ig h l y t e c h n i ­ c a l, c o m p l e x , a n d e v e r c h a n g in g 

 c o m m u n i t y . 
T h e p r o g r a m o ff e r s 

 s h o r t - t e r m , n o n - c r e d i t c o u rs e s , 

 c o n f e r e n c e s , w o r k s h o p s , a n d 

 s e m in a r s o p e n to a ll a d u lts age 1 8 o r o v e r. 

T h e m a jo r o b j e c t i v e o f the p r o g r a m is to p r o v id e o c c u p a t i o n - 

 al a n d te c h n ic a l s h o r t -co u rs e , n o n - c r e d i t e d u c a t i o n p ro g ra m s fo r th e e m p l o y e d s e g m e n t o f o u r c o m m u n i t y . 
T h e 
C o lle g e is c o m m i t t e d in its 
C o n t i n u i n g 
E d u c a t i o n 
P r o g r a m s to c o n c e n ­ t r a t e h e a v ily o n o u r e m p l o y e d 

 p o p u l a c e . 
H o w e v e r , th e C o lle g e d o e s o f f e r n o n c r e d i t p r o g r a m s d e s ig n e d to h e lp p e o p l e to be- 

 c o m e e d u c a t i o n a l l y a n d o c c u p a ­ t i o n a l l y q u a l i f i e d to seek e m p l o y ­ m e n t in o u r e v e r e x p a n d i n g jo b 

 m a r k e t . 
B u s in e s s , i n d u s t r i a l , p r o fe s s io n a l a n d s p e c ia l g ro u p s a re e n c o u r g e d to c o n t a c t t h e ir 

 c o m m u n i t y c o lle g e to e x p re s s t h e ir in t e r e s t in e d u c a t i o n p r o ­ g ra m s t h a t w i l l m e e t t h e i r s p e c ia l n e e d s . 

T h e 
C o lle g e c a n o f f e r o v e r 

7 o o d i f f e r e n t o c c u p a t i o n a l an d t e c h n ic a l s h o r t -c o u r se s p e r y e a r a n d is c a p a b le o f t a i l o r - m a k i n g e d u c a t i o n p r o g r a m s f o r a n y g r o u p in y o u r c o m m u n i t y . 

C o u r s e fees are d e t e r m i n e d by the le n g h o f th e c o u r s e a n d 

 m a t e r ia ls r e q u ir e d to m a k e th e 

 p r o g r a m e d u c a t i o n a l l y e f f e c t i v e . 

F o r f u t h e r i n f o r m a t i o n o r a list o f c u r r e n t c o u rs e o f f e r i n g s , call 
7 3 4 - 7 3 1 1 e x t . 3 4 5 , o r visit th e C o n t i n u i n g E d u c a t i o n C e n t e r 
1 5 1 7 N o r t h M a i n A ve. 

San Antonio College 
13oo San Pedro Avenue 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 

For further information, phone Registrar's office/ 734*7311, Ext. 415 

A n equal o p p o r tu n ity college...applicants ad m itte d w ith o u t regard to nation ality, color, creed or religion. 

’Min ii iii i rn* ti ii I.' im 
Notices 

1oI- D e a t h s 

B R O W N 
Miss M ildred M orie brow n of 
Washington. D C passed away in that city. Tuesday, May 17,1977 at the age of 39 years. Survivors: 
Parents, Rev. and Mrs. Jeff O. 
Brown, City; sisters, Mrs. Robert 
••Janet'' Copenhaver, Uvalde, 
Mrs. John ‘ Peggy” Bean, City; brothers. Harold Brown, Plea­ santon, Calif., David Brown. City; grandm other, Mrs. Lula Town- son, Oakdale, La.; 13 nieces and nephews, numerous aunts, uncles and cousins. Services will be held from the Dellcrest Chapel Mon­ day, May 23 at 2:oo p.m. with Rev. 
Billy Tiller officiating. The inter ment will follow in Son Jose Burial 
Park. Arrangements with 
Idler rat 
2ooo So. W W White 
337-4o82 

C I D 
Mrs. Carrie Lee Cid, age 52, of 
66o8 West Ave., died Friday in a local ho spital. 
S u rv iv o rs : 
D aughter, M iss Linda Cid. 
Numerous nieces and nephews. 
S ervices 
Tuesday 
2 p.m . 
Ktebe-Saunders Chapels w ith 
Rev Msgr Ralph J. Smith of­ ficiating Interment in Ft. Sam 
Houston National Cemetery. A r­ rangements with 

K i e v 

Chapes ll IVN St. Mary's St at Brooklyn 

W 
C O R T E Z 
■ ■ a MR 
JOHNNY 
A. i s s a 
CORTEZ, 41o Roslyn, 
I 
U born in San Antonio, 
Jan. 14, 1951, entered rest May 2o, 1977 in a local hospi­ tal at the age of 26 years. 
R O S A R Y S U N D A Y 7 3o P M 
ST. HENRY’S 
CATHOLIC CHURCH 
MASS-MONDAY-9 am 
ST. HENRY'S 
CATHOLIC CHURCH 
(1619 S. Flores St.) with interment to follow in San 
Fernando Cemetery No. 2. Sur­ vivors. Parents, M r. and Mrs. 
Johnny R. Cortez; sisters, Mrs. 
Mary Hortence Garibav and Mrs. 
Rachel F orev; grandm other, 
Mrs. Mauricia Cortez, all of San 
Antonio. Casket bearers will be 
Jacob Young, David Pacheco, 
Douglas Thedro, Michael V illa r­ real, Roger Wilborn and David 
Long. Mr. Cortez was a life time resident of San Antonio. Services under the direction of a member of the Leion Cud? Family. 

Brooklyn 

* 
E L L A R D l i f e — MR. IKE J. ELLARD, 
WHqg^ 2143 Drexel Ave . born fe s S g in Celeste, Texas July 
* 
IS, 1912, entered rest 
Thursday, May 19, 1977 at the age of 64 years. 
ROSARY-SUNDAY-S: 3o PM 
ALAMO CHAPELS 
SER VICE-MOND AY-9: OO AM 
ALAMO CHAPELS with interm ent to follow in Ft. 
Sam Houston Natl. Cem etery. 
Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Alma A. 
E lla rd; daughter, Mrs. George 
(Helen) Smyer, City; sons, Ruben 
Staudt, Meridian, Tex., Thomas 
L. Staudt, Houston, Texas, Milton 
N. Staudt, City; 18 grandchildren, 
16 great grandchildren. Mr. E l­ lard was a member of Carpenters 
& Mill Workers Union, Local No. 
14 and has been a resident of Son 
Antonio for the past 48 years. 
Casket bearers will be Louis 
Staudt, John and Randy Staudt, 
Robert Young, Rusty Henley and 
David Hennsey. Visitation will be 
Sunday and until service time. 
Services under the direction of a m em ber of The Lelon Code 
Family of 
T kt Afamo 
225-5731 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

 a 
G R I F F I N 
Y jL * M rs. 
G eorgic 
Mae 
- 
Jones Griffin, age 95, of 
234 Rolling Green Dr., died F rid a y, May 2o/ 
1977. She was a member of The 
United Methodist Church; Past 
-Worthy Matron and over 5o year member of Lytle Chapter No. 335 
O. E. S. Survivors: Daughter, 
Mrs. Leo E. (Wilma) Etter, San 
Antonio; sons, Lester J. Griffin, 
Lexington, Tx., Glenn C. Griffin, 
Lytle, Tx.; IO grandchildren; 22 great g ra n d ch ild re n ; 2 great great grandch ildren . Service 
Sunday at 2 o'clock in the Geor­ gian Chapel of the Porter Loring 
M ortuary, the Rev. Albert Me- rubia officiating. Pallbearers: grandsons. Interment under the auspices of Lytle Chapter No. 335 
O. E. S. in Black Hills Cemetery, 
Atascosa, Tx. Arrangements with 

Bolter Loring 
I lo t M cC ullo ugh 227 *221 

HOUSTON 
Harry E. Houston, Sr., age 62, of 
8622 S ta rke st, died Thursday, 
May 19, 1977. He was a member of je ffe rs o n U nited M e thodist 
Church and Alam o M asonic 
Lodge No. 44 A. F. & A.M. Sur­ vivors: Wife, Mrs. Harry E. (Bet­ ty ) Houston; sons, Gordon N. 
Houston, Lakewood, Ca., Harry 
E. Houston, Jr., San Antonio; daughter, Mrs. Harriett Adams, 
Whitehall, Mont.; brother, Gor­ don Richard Houston, Teaticket, 
Mass.; sister, Mrs. Mildred Fair- cloth, Darien, Ga.; IO grandchil­ dren. Service Monday at I o'clock in the Colonial Chapel of the 
Porter Loring Mortuary, the Rev. 
Albert Bell Clayton officiating. 
Pallbearers: H. E. Houston, Jr., 
Gordon N. Houston. Walter W il­ son, Jim Javelick, Glen Sescila, 
Randy McBride, interment in Ft. 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 
Arrangements with 

Porter Loring 
1 io i M cC ullough 227. *221 

H U D D L E R 
Earnestine Huddler, age 59, of 4oo 
Gulf Street, Alice, passed away 
Friday, May 2o, 1977. Funeral 
Services will be conducted Mon­ day, 3:oo p.m. in Mission Park 
Funeral Chapel with interment to follow in Mission Burial Park. 
Arrangements by 

 f t 
MISSION P\ Rk 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

J O H N S 
Florence Johns, age 86, of 831o 
G ault Lane, passed away on 
Friday, May 2o, 1977. She wos a life long resident of San Antonio. 
She was a member of Beacon Hill 
Presbyterian Church and of the 
National Association of Retired 
Federal Employees (N AR FE). 
Survivors: Sister, Miss Margaret 
Johns of San Antonio; sister-in- law , M rs. Emma Johns of 
Beaumont, Texas; and several nieces and nephews. Graveside services will be conducted Mon­ day, May 23 at 1o:oo a.m. in Mis­ sion Burial Park with the Rev. Joe 
Owen officiating. Arrangements by 
(o 

M IS S IO N P A R K 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 
Area deaths 

KELLY, Clay Mason, 
78 of Marble Falls. Ser­ vices will be at 2 p.m. 
Monday at Marble Falls 
Church of Christ. 

:Express-News Want Ads 225-1666: 

IDI—Deaths 

K I N G 
Sister M. Anna Maria King, CCV1, died May 21, 1977. Teacher, St. 
Arm s Parochial School. Survived by brother, John King, Cot.; Ro sary 7 p.m. Sunday, Incarnate 
Word Convent Chapel, 4515 
Broadway Mass 4:3o p.m. Mon­ day, Convent Chapel, interment 
Convent C em e tery. 
A rra n ­ gements by 
Zizik-Keams 
Downing-Mc Ctaugtwriy 
1122 N. Sr. Mary's 
227-22o6 

L E S C H B E R 
J I 
MR WILBURN L. 
LESCHBER, 33o3 
THUMT 
Pollydole, born in 
' X j r s 
Thorndale, Texas 
Feb. IO, 1926 entered rest Thurs­ day May 19, 1977 at the age of St years. 
VISITATION 
SATURDAY 9:oo AM until SUNDAY, 4:oo PM 
ALAMO CHAPELS at which time Mr Leschber will be taken to Taylor, Texas for ser vices from the Condro Funeral 
Home Monday May 23rd at 2 p.m. with interment to follow in Taylor 
City Cemetery under the auspices of Solomon Lodge No. 484, AF & 
AM. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Jose phme H. Leschber, daughter, 
Miss M arcia Leschber, sons, 
Ronald 
Rav and 
W ilb urn 
Leschber, Jr., USAF, Charles 
Leschber, city, parents, Mr. and 
Mrs. Willie Leschber, Thorndale, 
Texas, sisters, M rs. Clarence 
(Joyce) Koslan, Austin, Texas, 
Mrs. Tom (Betty Marie) Smith, 
Thorndale, Texas. Mr. Leschber was a member of Good Shepherd 
Lutheran Church, Blue Bonnet, 
Lodge No. 1219, San A ntonio 
Police O fficers Assn. and has been a resident of San Antonio for the post 21 yrs. Services under the direction of a member of The 
Lelon Cude Family of 

225-5731 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

L O R E N Z E N 
Mrs. Ruby Lane Lorenzen, age 
65, of 231 McMullen died Friday in a local ho spital. She was a member of Herman Sons Vineta 
Lodge. S u rv iv o rs : Husband, 
Julius E Lorenzen; sisters, Mrs. 
Marie Chandler of South America and Mrs. Gussie Pundt of Flores­ v ille , Texas. A lso num erous nieces and nephews. Services 
Monday 2 p.m. Riebe Saunders 
Chapels with Rev. David Fetter officiating, interment in San Jose 
Burial Park. Arrangements with 

K lE B lj 

& U J N D B B f lug Hi ll IVN St. M ary'••St at Brooklyn 

LOPEZ 
Mr. Juan Lopez Jr. 527',-j Torreon 
St. born in Taft, Tex., A pril 25, 
1919 entered rest Thursday, May 
19, 1977 at the age of 58 years. Mr. 
Lopez had a resident of San An tonio for 57 years. Reliaious ser­ vices will be conducted in the 
Max M artinez chapel Sunday 
May 22, at 7:oo p.m. Services will be conducted in the Max Martinez 
Chapel Monday May 23, at 9:oo a.rn. with Rev. Pete Castro of­ ficiating. Concluding services will follow in F o rt Sam Houston 
National Cemetery. Survivors: 
Wife, M rs. A delita O. Lopez; 
Daughters, Sylvia Lopez, Betty 
Lopez, sons. Johnny Lopez III, 
Richard Lopez, Joe Lopez, Jesse 
Lopez, Roger Lopez, A lb e rt 
Lopez; sisters, Virginia Zarago- sa, Esperanza iglesias, Genoveva 
Luna, Amelia M artinez, Lydia 
Dominguez, Valentina Ramon, brothers, Moses Loaez, Euaenio 
Lopez 9 grandchildren. Services under the direction of 
M ax f H a r t i t t f Z 
IQ I5 W. Martin 
227-62*1 

—Express-News Wont Ads 225-1666_ 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

Hrankthill 
711 S E. M ilitary 
923-7523 

(Sub f ills 
8o56 Fredericksburg 696-7i l l 

B rllrra t 
2ooo S. W.W. White 337-4o82 

P a lm 
3711 So. Zarzamora 924-4568 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

Max 
Martinez 

 o ff* ring 
Pl»A»i— § t i funeral 
(•a1 recti 

 funeral bit* ranee Palmas 

2 2 7 -6 2 8 1 

Martii Park Mertv ary 
734-3313 

OMpal Hill Mawwrial Garden* 
635-6411 

H I —Deaths 

M A R TIN E Z 
Mr Ambrosia S. Martinez at 2531 
Tortuga San A ntonio, passed away May 21, 1977 in a local ho­ spital. Survivors: Sons, Leon, Ar­ mando, Patricio and Joe Martin­ ez ait of San Antonio and Elmen­ dorf. Daughters, Mrs. Virginia 
Goona and Bonnie Gaona, Mag­ dalena Martinez and Lydia Es­ cobedo all of E lm end orf. IS grandchildren and 3 great grand­ children. Rosary will be recited 
Sunday at 7:oo p.m. at the Broo- k eh it I Chapel. Services will depart 
Brookehill Monday at 9:4S a.m. for Mass to be celebrated at San 
Jose Mission at 1o:oo a.m. with 
Father Valentine as celebrant. 
In te r m e n t to follow at Son Jose 
Burial Park. Arrangements with 
Mronkebill 
711 S. E. M ilitary Dr. 
923-7523 

M A R T I N E Z 
Mrs. Luciona Reyna Martinez 615 
Bluendge St , born in Mexico Jan. 
21, 1885 entered rest Friday May 
2o, 1977 at the age of 92 years. 
Mrs. M artinez hod been a re ­ sident of San Antonio for 69 years. 
Rosary will be recited in the Max 
Martinez Chapel Sunday May 22, at 8:3o p.m. Requiem Mass will be offered Monday May 23, at 2:oo p.m. from Sacred Heart Catholic 
Church 2114 W. Houston St. 
Concluding services will follow in 
San Fernando Cemetery No. 2. 
Survivors: Daughter, Mrs. Julia 
M. Perez of Indiana; sons, Mr. 
Eulogto R. Martinez, Mr. Bartolo 
R. Martinez of San Antonio, Mr. 
Pasqual R. Martinez of Chicago, 
III. 26 grandchildren, 93 great grandchildren, 18 great great grandchildren. Services under the direction of 
JRax Martinez 
ZOIS Mf. Martin 
227-62*1 

M I L L S 
Mrs. Blanche A. M ills, age 81, died Friday, May 2o, 1977. She was the daughter of the late Judge 
M. E. Buckley; member of St. 
Gregory's Catholic Church and a graduate of 
Old 
U rsu iin e 
Academy in 1913. S u rv iv o rs : 
Husband, Frank M. M ills, Sr.; son, F rank M. M ills , J r .; daughter, Mrs. Bettie Barefield; son-in-law. Sam T. B are fie ld ; daughter-in-law, Mrs. Betty Mills, all of San Antonio; 5 grandchil­ dren; I great grandchild; sisters, 
Miss Edith Buckley, Mrs. Ger­ trude Bernier, both of San Anton­ io ; num erous nieces anjl ne­ phews. Rosary Monday evening at 8 o'clock at St. Gregory’s Cath­ olic Church and Mass Tuesday morning at 1o:15 at St. Gregory's 
Catholic Church, interment in Ft. 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 
Arrangements with 

Barter Loring 

 h o i M cC ullo ugh 227 *221 

M I T C H E L L 
MRS. ATTIE MAE 
M IT C H E L L. 56o7 
Jeff Drive, Austin, 
Texas, born in 
Floresville Sept. 27, 1897, entered rest Thursday, May 19 in Austin, 
Texas at the age of 8o years. 
SERVICES-MONDAY-2:OO PM 
GRAVESIDE in M ission B u ria l P ark. S ur­ vivors. Daughter. M rs. Nellie 
Eunice Walsh, City sons, Earl W 
Mitchell, LaVernia and Raymond 
W 
M itc h e ll, A ustin, Texas; daughter-in-law, Mrs. Sarah Mit­ chell, Jackson, Miss.; 17 grand­ children; 12 great grandchildren; sister, Mrs. Bessie B. H arvel, 
Shreveport, La.; brother, Wilton 
W. Smith, Monroe, La. Mrs. M it­ chell was a member of the Baptist 
Church and a former member of the Texas State Association of 
Pioneers and the Old T ra il 
Drivers. Services under the dir­ ection of a member of the Lelon 
Cude Family. r*»4euM 
225-5731 
N. Alamo at Brooklyn 

1o1—Deaths 

SANRO M AN jesse E. San Roman, age >» years, of 75o5 Hollywood Way, 
Burbank, Californio died MOV 16. 
1977 in a Sepulveda, California hospital. Survivors: Mother, Mrs. 
Gitberta San Ro mon, sisters, Mrs. 
Isabel Hernandez, Mrs. Pat wat- kins, and Mrs. Janie Roman, ail of 
San Antonio; 15 nieces and ne­ phews. Rosary, Sunday, 7:oo p.m. in 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapel. 
Procession w ill depart Riebe- 
Saunders Chapels Monday morn­ ing at 9:45 a.m. for the Funeral moss, IO: IS a.m. at Sacred Heart 
Catholic Church, interment in Ft. 
Sam Houston National Cemetery. 
Arrangements with 

R IE K 

& W N D O B 

11 IVN st M ary <-St at Brooklyn 

S IM S 
Mrs. Joe C. (Jimmie) Sims, oge 
92, of 313 Peabody, passed away 
Saturday, May 21, 1977. Born in 
Seguin, Mrs. Sims resided in San 
Antonio 59 years and was a member of the Church of Christ- 
Survivors: Daughters, Mrs. N. L. 
(Velma) McBee of Pearsall, Mrs. 
R. A. (Blanche) Newsom of Son 
A ntonio; s is te r M rs. Atw in 
H arper of C otu lla ; grandson, 
Thurl Dale Sims of San Antonio; 
G ra ndd aug hters, M rs. W ally 
(Newell) Cox of College Station, 
Mrs. George (Blanche) Birdsong of Hidden, Arkansas, Mrs. Felix 
(Peggy) Whipple of San Antonio, 
Mrs. Dana (K itty) Grantham of 
San 
A n to n io ; 
9 g re a t grandchildren. Services, 1:36 p.m. Monday, Southside Chape) with Mr. J. D. Cash officiating, interment, Roselawn Memorial 
Park. Pallbearers: Thurl Dale 
Sims, Dana G rantham , W ally 
Cox, W. V. Bloomingdale, James 
Bloomingdale, Dole Sims. Direc­ tion of 

& o u t f # d e 
63o1 S. Floras 
*22-6339 

STEWART 
1st Sgt- Raymond Donald Stewart 
Sr., u. S. Arm y Ret. 52 years old of 712 Aviation, Schertz, Tex. died 
May 18, 1977. Resident of Schertz 
7 years, member of Universal 
City Post No. 4647, VFW 
Sur­ v iv o rs : W ife, M rs. E thel L. 
Stewart, Schertz, Tex., father, 
Sylvester V. Stewart, Cookeville, 
Tenn.; daughters, Mrs. Dennis 
(Barbara) Little, Universal City, 
Tex., M rs. T im othy (Susan) 
Sprague, San Antonio. Sons, Sat. 
Raymond Donald Stewart J r., 
Travis AFB, California., James 
Robert Stewart, San Antonio. Sis­ ters, Mrs. Floyd Hickey, Detroit, 
Mich., Mrs. Pat Rice, Cookeville, 
Tenn.; Mrs. West Lafever, Coo­ keville, Tenn.; brothers, Vance 
Stewart, Cookeville, Tenn.; Lloyd 
S tew art, C ooke ville , 
Tenn., 
Luther Stewart, Detroit, Mich., 
Carl Stewart, Detroit, Mich. Ser­ vices 1o:15 a.m . Monday May 
23rd., Sunset Funeral Home. In­ terment Ft. Sam Houston Nation­ al Cemetery with Full M ilita ry 
Honors, lf friends so desire con­ tributions may be mode to B o w 
Ville of San Antonio on Austin 
Hwy. 
SUNSET 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-28U 

Funeral 
H o r n e r 

V A L D E Z 
Joseph H. Valdez of 9o3 Leahy.* entered into rest May 2o, 1977 at the age of 76 in San Antonio, Tex* as. He was a W. w. II veteran,. 
S urvivors: Sister, Juanita V a 
Diaz; brother, Albert H. Valdez oft 
Los Angeles C a lif.; nephews, 
Juan, Roul, Ramiro and Adam 
Diaz; nieces Eloise D. Marin, Ra­ chel Diaz and Mary Esther Diaz. * 
Rosary Sunday at Palm Heights 
Chapel at 8:3o p.m. Funeral s e t* vice will depart Monday at 1o:3o'* a.m. for 11:oo a.m. Mass at St.c 
Philip of Jesus Catholic Church^ interment will follow in San Jose 
Cemetery. Arrangements with 

P L O C H 
Herman T. Ploch, age 7o, of 438 
Hamshire Street, passed away 
Friday, May 2o, 1977 in a local hospital. Native of Pleasanton 
San Antonio resident for 4o years, and member of St. C e cilia ' 
Catholic Church. Survivors: Wife 
Mrs. Annie Moczygemba Ploch daughter, Mrs. Linda Lopez of 
San Antonio; son. Norman Ploch of San Antonio; brothers, A. M 
Ploch of San Antonio and Fred 
Ploch of New Braunfels; grand sons, Norman and Michael Ploch and Danny and Bobby Lopez granddaughter, Lvnette Ploch and numerous nieces and ne phews. Rosary will be recited 7 :oo p.m. Monday, May 23, in Mission 
Park Funeral Chapel. Funeral services w ill be conducted on 
Tuesday. May 24 at 11:oo a m. at 
St. Cecilia’s Catholic Church with 
Requiem Mass to be offered by 
Rev. Charles Kelly, interment to follow in Mission B urial Park 
Arrangements by 

Palm prints 
■ 

H) 

MISSION PARK 
FUNERAL CHAMIS 
17oo S.f. Military Or. 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

&outteflte 

 f u n e r a l h o m e 
63o1 S. FLORIS 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 
Ed Squyres, Director 

A VERY SPECIAL 

WARMTH. 

PORTER LORING 
MORTUARY 

 h o i McCullough 

227-8221 

A M E R IC A 'S F IN E S T F U N E R A L F A C IL IT IE S 

T x- IA l a m o 
FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo 
225—5731 

JbLm Chub \}ajnibj 

3711 So. Zarzamora 
924-4568 ’ 
Los Angeles Calif. Please Copy your Time 

V E R S TU Y FT 
Mrs. Emma W. Verstuyft of Rt. 5 
Box 466 D. San Antonio, passed away Saturday May 21, 1977 in a local hospital, at the age of 7o years. Survived by her son, Mr. 
Eugene Verstuyft of San Antonio, daughters, Mrs. Diane Fischer of 
San Antonio and Mrs. Kathleen 
Buch of Fredericksburg, sisters, 
Mrs. Alice Leek and Mrs. Laura 
G iam bern ard i bath of San 
Antonio. One niece and three ne­ phews and seven grandchildren 
Remains will tie in state after 6: OO p.m. Sunday, R osary w ill be recited at 8:oo p.m. Monday at the 
Brookehill Chapel. Services will depart B rookehill Tuesday at 
1o:oo a.m. for Mass to be cele­ brated at 1o:3o a.m. at St. Ga­ briels Catholic Church. Father 
William Kuppens as celebrant. 
Interment will follow at San Fer­ nando No. 2. Cemetery. A rran­ gements with 
Wraakibill 
TU s. e. M ilitary O r^ f t f f s i T 

162—Card of Thanks 
Memorium 
YOUR Kidney Foundation gra­ te fu lly accepts M E M O R IA L 
GIFTS by mail. Acknowledgment is sent promptly to the bereaved family. 
Kidney Foundation of South Texas 
4415 Piedra Drive West 
Suite 127 
San Antonio, Tex. 78228 
732-5129 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME 
HENRY GUERRA 
6o2 W. Houston 
227-1461 

Ai £ RODRIQUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
511 Guadalupe St. 
226-6111 

MOCTUARf 
I C 3’i W 
\ 

Funeral Home serves families of all faiths, sympathetically. 

17o1 Austin Highway 
828-2811 

OS - CEMtTEBV - 8UBH1 HITS 

 k o s e l a w n m e m o r TSi 
Section IO, Lot KH 
2 Gravel Lots, S25o et 
Current Value S345. M 
E K Burch, S45o W L 
Chicago, Illinois 6o6 

Page 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S 

 i n 
• 
I K U H S 
I u U W W tn C IA i 
TRAIliVS BUSES 
?46 • THICKS I commercia; 
74S 
TRUCKS I COMHffiCIAl 
BLAZER CHALET. 
THE BLAZER YOU CAN LIVE WITH 

( . n m b i r i e * th e * t o u g h m * * * o f a 

 l- M h r i l - t l r i v c 
C h f v y 
B l a z e r 

 w i t h t h * * v f r x a l i l i l v o f a c o m - c a m p e r u n i t . 

A hpcrial intrraxlc differential allow * th** hy.*tt*m ti* m n a iii iii f- w dr!vt* hot Ii on ami tiff tin* road. 

(.amper and Hla/.er art* rigidly holtrtl together for siren nill. 
I 
■ i 
. 
J 
I In* t*ani|M*r lop pop* up eu*il\ to providi* mort* than i»i\ feet of ln*a«l room. I In* unit is fully inte­ grated. too. ,».«» you ran walls from tin* rah dlrrrtlx hark to tin* U sing quarter!-. 

Chalet interior is surprisingly spacious 

( '. o h s r r l i hit* 
M a l / h u n k s r a n p ro - 

\ itll* - r u lin g f o r lo u r a lin it * a u d s lu r p in g a r r o iiiiiio d a t it it i* f o r t\so . 
\ d e m o u n t a b le d iin -ttt* t a h lr w it h a n ip lr lu g r o o m lit s h r t w r r n tin* scats. I'ln* g a lle y is r t p iip p r d w it h a 
't a in lr s s s f r r l 
- in k . fa lle r ! a u d d r a in . 
I w o - h u r n r r l, P ( . s io v t d s i 

 im f storagt* r a h in r t s a r r a ls 

 ss e l l a s a n i r r h o \ a u d s j i i r r r a c k . 
\ 

* < - g a llo n w a t r r t a n k a m t t w o r o o m y 
-up die 

Special su sp e n sion helps soften B la z e r's ride. 

B la z e r s s u s p n is io u i- rn - g in r r r r d to p r o v id r a n 

 e L p e c ia lls s o il lith * f o r 

 l-w li r r l - t l r i v r y rliir lt* * . 

 o n a m i o f f tin* ro a d . 

ANCIRA *s® sr WINTON 
437 N. Flores • 22 5-5333 

748 MOTORCYCltS SCOOTERS 

MOTORCYCLE 
ACCESSORIES 
J R J SPORTS 
CENTER 
THE C A T A LO G STORE 

A N N O U N C E S 
NEW SUMMER STORE HOURS: 
IO TO 8 TUES. THRU ERI. 
IO TO 6 SATURDAY 
SPECIAL ORDERS WELCOME! 
41o6 BLANCO 735-3551 

8o? - MOTOR HOMES SALES REMT SAK - SPOONS COOPS 

Mow, choose the 
W innebago you lik e a n d ge t o ff to a fu n fille d Sum m er! 

21'BRAVE 

 r 
- 

 i i i 

 i 

 i 

 i 

I 
® Power Vent Pkg., tw o 3o lb. bottles I P gas, front 
_ glid e aw ay bunk, cru ise 
| control, battery & vacuum A 
I guages, rear glid e aw ay ▼ bunk, auxiliary gas tank, 
( 
Canadian Code Pkg., spare tire. spare tire cover, auto. 
■ air, g e n e ra to r prep k it, 
4 4 o engine, A M radio & 
| clo ck, w rap arou n d cur 

MINNIE WINNIE 

14,8oo 

S to c k 

N o . 1 o 2 4 

 bath, galley pkg., tw o 3o lb. bottles I P gas, water 
& holding guage, batter* £ yu aye w rap around cur ^ tam. spare tire, spare tire cover, generator prep kit 
1ooo BTU roof air, antu matte air, A M radio 
12,95o! 

S to ck 

Burke M otor Home Conter Inc. 
86oo Broadway— block North Loop 41o 
512.828.o134 

754- 

GOODYEAR TRUCK TIRES 
Size 
7ooX15 
75oX16 
825X2o 
9ooX2o 
1oooX2o 

Ply 

8 

8 
IO 
IO 

1 2 

Att! CHIB I (AH lex tadutfai) 
$ 39.92 
45.86 
82.1 I 
96.89 

$ 

$ 

$ 
$119.67 
SANTOS Tire Store 
42o2 San Bernardo, Laredo, Tx 78o41 

( 5 1 2 ) 7 2 4 - 6 5 6 2 free Delivery on IO or more tires 

H A R L E Y D A V I D S O N E le c t r a g lid ., ‘67. P o lic e Sp o c io l E d itio n, full d re ss, m a n y extras. $i*7S. 
734-4o75 
‘ i i H o r le v D a v id s o n E le c t r a ! ) - tide. le ss In a 21oo m iles. L ik e new. 
1-425-9567, 
N e w N ew 
B ra u n fe ls 
(eves). 
_____ 
____ 
75 H a r le y S p o rtste r X L H 
L o w m ileage. S21oo. 337-779o; 448-1 SSI 
68 H a rle y Sp ortste r chopper, e x­ cellent. $17oo- best offer 657-o696 
1973 H o n d a 7So-A4. F u ll d r e s s . 
L ow m iles, 1-owner. $1o5o 342-7215 
■75 H O N D A C B. 36o, 3,ooo ml. full d re ss. Exce llen t. S79S. 828-1o5o 
’74 H O N D A C B , S.468 mi. loaded, like new $1475 654 7o17 
7 3 H ondo, C B . 35o. $7oo with hel­ m et only 66oo m ile s 6S7-3S3I ofter 
4p m 

■72 H o n d a C B 35o with w in d shield a nd 7 h elm ets. R e ce n t o v e rh a u l 
54oo firm . 655-2199. 

PUBLIC AUCTION 
S A T U R D A Y • JUNE 4 • 1:o o P.M . 
4774 NORTH CHADBOURNE, SAN ANGELO, TEXAS 
I 3o - AUTOMOBILES AND TRUCKS - I 3o 

F O R 
GENERAL TELEPHONE COMPANY, SHELL OIL COMPANY. IMCO SERVICES, 
REEO TOOL COMPANY, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY, WILSON INDUSTRIES 
AND OTHER MAJOR COMPANIES 
(Partial list shown below. Others to be added to auction ) 
A U T O M O B IL E S 
Includes T97S Torinos, 1974 Bel Air, 1974 Chevetle, 1973 Gron Torino Sta­ tion Wagon, 1973 Bel Air, 1973 Torino, 3 • 1973 Fury ll s, 3 • 1972 
Malibus, 2 
197? Customs, 2 • 197? fury ll s, 1971 Satellite, 1971 Malibu, 
197o Malihu, 197o Custom and others to be added prior to sale. 
V A N S 
? • 1973 Dodge 
. ton, ? • 1973 ford ’» tons, 197? ford V. ton, ? • 1971 
Dodge : : tons, 1971 GMC Ti ton, 4 >1971 Ford !i Ions, 1971 Chevy 3i ton 9 ■ 197o lord ’*: tons, IO • 1969 Ford H tons 1969 Chevy W ton, 
1966 Chevy ’: ton plus others lo be added. 
P IC K -U P S 
1976 Chevy Scottsdale 3i ton, 1976 Chevy Custom 3» ton, 19/S Chevy ' ; ton. 1974 Chevy '•••? ton, 5 - ’974 Ford '6 ton S • 1973 Chew Mr tans. I - 
1973 GMC 'Y ton, 6 ■ 197? Chevy V? tons, 197? Ford ; ton, 1971 ford Vj ton 1971 Ford W ton, 2 • 1971 Chevy V? ton, 8 • 197o Chevy VS ton, 2 • 
197o Ford ’n torts, 197o Ford '•? ton, 1969 ford V? ton, 2 • 1969 Chevy ton, 3 • 1968 Chevy ' ? ton, 1968 ford VS Ion, 2 • 1967 Chevy ! ? ton, 
2 • 1966 Chevy V; ton and others lo be added Some have Utility Bodies. 
H E A V Y DUTY 

Digger Trucks: 197o Ford ?Vj Ion with Tel-E-lect Digger 8 Winch 

I Ton Aerial ladder Trucks: 1971 Chevy, 197o Ford, 197o Chevy, 1969 
Ford, 1969 Chevy, 2 • 1968 Chevy 

Truck Tractors: 1972 Chevy 3Vj Ion Tandem Aile & 197o Ford 
3 i ton Tandem Axle. Both have gasoline engines. 

Pole Trailer: I cable & pole Trailer 
LA D D ER S 
Fifty (SO) Extension Ladders Various lengths from 26 to 36. Excellent shope 
T e rm s : Cosh Checks and Denier Drafts accepted with Bank letter, or make prior arrangements with Auctioneer. 
Individual Buyers Welcome. 
In s p e c t io n : 
8OO AM til I OO PM day of sale 
F O R F U R T H E R IN F O R M A T I O N C O N T A C T : 
J a m e s B. B o w e rs Co. 
AUCTIONEERS 
TxAS-77-oo54 
BOX 253o6 HOUSTON, TEXAS 77oo5 Tel. 523-2786 

■7o H o n d a C L1 7S. e x c e lle n t ru n - iring cond, with e xtra s $35o A lso new 2 ra il cycle trailer, $15o. 
532-1332. 

TAKE OVER 
PAYMENTS 
A N D A SSU M E BALANCE 

12 other cors to choose from. 
Most hove air and power 
Portia! list 
Bal. 
77 Ford with romper $5487 
76 Ford XIT 4x4 . .. S5991 
67 Bronco 
S1887 
'75 Explorer 
. 
$3392 
74 Ranger XLF ... 
$2778 
75 GMC "Gentleman 
Jim 
$4392 
C all 
M ik e Collin! 

2 2 2 - 8 8 6 8 
1o1o San Pedro 

*7$ H o n d a CL-36o. P u rc h a se d new 
J u n e ‘76. 23oo m ile s, e x c e lle n t cond. $65o. 4$*-1 SVS. 

O W N E R O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t b e d t r a ile r s fo r S t a t e w id e h a u lin g . 
Plenty of freight, b ackh au ls. Fu ll settlem ent w e e k ly . O ld e r t ru c k s accepted 924-7273; 333-5894 
■68 R a nch ero , clean, fully loaded. 
$875. 653-7989 
S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K 
S A L E S & S E R V IC E 
C M C , 
D IA M O N D 
R E O , 
P E T E R B I L T 
881o IH IO E A S T , 661-4511 
S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S & S E R V IC E 
I 
G M C , O iam o n d -R e o , P eterb u ilt 
38)o IH-1o 
661-4511 

75o H onda. C u sto m paint. H e ade r, oil co o le r. E v e r y t h in g c h ro m e . 
W ith m a n y e x t r a s ) 
P e r f e c t condition. M u s t see. $125o 441-5o96 
‘72 H o n d o 45o, fully loaded, good condition, helm ets $6oo. 655-3725. 
H O N D A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
57o8 M O B U D 
684-3682 
197 5 H O N D A 4oo-4 S u p e r S p o rt 
6oo m iles, perfect cond. 
$85o. 
492 928o. 
‘76 H O N D A 75o S u p e r Sport, call 
922-2724 
_____ 
____________ 
'7 5 H o n d a 55o, w in d ja m m e r ll, e xtra s 671 5379, D u n ca n 

75o WANTEb-AUTOS, TRUCKS, 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 
8o1 CAMPERSTRAILERS 

CAMPERS TRAILERS 

AIR CONDITIONER 
SALE! 

Beat the Heat this year 
With Air Conditioning for 
YOUR RV 

11,ooo BTU - DUO-THERM 
Air Conditioners . . .. $ 3 7 5 . J 

13,SOO BTU DUO-THERM 

Air Conditioners . . . . $ 3 9 5 . 

INSTALLATION AVAILABLE 
AT NOM INAL FEE 
TRAVELTOW N 
T E X A S, IN C. 
96oo IH35 
653-671 1 
Across from Howard Johnson s 
Open weekdays 9 til dark 
9-6 Sot.; 1-5 Sundays. 

USED CARS-CLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4283 

We Buy Junk Cars-Trucks 
Y O U C A L L - W E H A U L 
922o4oo 
W E B U Y U S E D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K C O 
4515 S A N P E D R O 
734-4221 
W E W A N T T O B U Y 
G O O D C le an C o r s -T ru c k s 
C all 924-6671 
754 - TIRES-parls accessories 

( 4 ) A B M s lo t t e d m a g s , w it h 
S h e lb y 6o tire s. 4 b olt p a tte rn , 
$15o. Call: 434-4464 anytim e. 

C E N T R A L T I R E CO. 
7o$ N. 
F L O R E S 
224 5473 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
A Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR* 

HOLIDAY RAMBLER, PROWLER, PLAY- 
M M 
STARCRAFT, 
HOLIDAY. 
DIAMOND, JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96ooIH35N. 653-6711 

Across from Howard Johnson’s 

9 'til dark, Mon.-Fri. 

9-6 Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

‘57 C h e v y b o d y , F e n d e r w e l l h e a de rs, scatter shield, elec. fuel pum p, a ir sh o ck s. 
$45o 
Hrm.434-7374. 
197o C h e w cab, front fe n d e r! a n d grill, com plete h e a v y d uty ‘ x ton re a r end, front and re a r b um p e r. 
$34-8956 

I -W EEK INVENTORY 
REDUCTION SPECIALS 

★ U S E D M 
O T O 
R H O 
M 
E S * 
76— 31 Ft. EXECUTIVE CB W t.^ 

76 

73 

 ttsil mil;. T \ ‘32,5oo 
•are*, color 
TV, .. ditloned, m icrow ave oven 
29 ft W INNEBAGO ^ 
’ 
) Pf. ©waning, (tower plant, i n n * ? ti\ air. 2 9 ,o o o mil©*, N O W 
. rage, A N I 18 Pf roof air, auto 
-28 Ft. UTE-LINER C/B SRX* fully colt-contained, p ow er plant, dual roof air, hat tots of features, 9 o o o j j ^ 6 5 o 

* * N E W R .'v. SPECIALS ★ 
26 Ft. EXECUTIVE fufiy telf-containod, auto air, root ail. JOOO anan, dual holding tank, dual hot water cycler*, cruise con ­ trol, 8 XU, in. refrigerator, fransm itcion coolant, A M -fM eterne with 8-frock, plat much more. Ut! new $3 8 ,5 8 5 , A R Y 17. 

INTERNATIONAL 
ANTIQUE 
ARMS AND 
BLADE 

EXPO 

2nd annual great show for collectors, dealers, and friends interested in won­ derful historical guns and modern handmade knives 

JUNE 3, 4 and 5 

 at Market Hall, 

Dallas Show 

 hours Friday 

1 2 - 6 

Saturday 1 o - 9 

Sunday IO - 4 

Spectacular displays 
Hun­ dreds of dealers and col­ lectors from around the 

 world Fine Western Art 

Not the largest show in Tex­ as, but the biggest QUALITY 

 gun and knife show in the 
South. 

Plenty of free parking, moderately priced food 

 available. 

Regular admission 
S2.oo 
(Children under 
16 S SO) 

Save S.2S per adult with this 

 od 

Need tables? (oil Hannah 
Benson (213) 982 37o3 

Produced by Arms 
Gaiette Magazine 
American Blade 
Magazine and Wallace 
Beinfeld Associates, Inc. 
13222 Saticoy Street 
North Hollywood, CA 
916o5 

8o4 BOATS,MOTORS much m ort. Lit? 
1 2 9 ,9 8 3 , 
« n v 2 7 , cA f A r n 
NOW...................................... *25,7)o 

. w 
— S-CD. lo.ded, to ©lr, A M -fM 
‘17,997 

O C Ca 
BT A C C A ^«olE©r©r-CZ$-CO, loaded 
2 5 r f * l l A 5 L A roof ©lr, ©ufo ©I sto re * zi-tro ck, C / i, roof * to rd plant, plus more, list new $19,4 plant, plus 
73, N O W 
23 Ft. EXPLORER . e l f obtained. rear bach, auto air, root air, pow er plant, erotics control, loft m ore feature*. 
U lt new l i t l a c 
S IB .9 2 5 , * « V lf , N O W ............................. l o , I J S p i e r ne- r l _ " 4-w he eI drive lim , 
L fm v . 
( Q S Q G r a n d e m y pick-up loaded with 
Chinook cam per p ackage 
3 w ay refrigerator, 
IF g a * ty iftm , 
2-burner stove, trexh w ater holding tank, sleeps 4. i n n n r lief new *1 3 ,1 1 7 , N O W ........................... 
V o Y j 
1o-YEAR FINANCING AVAIlABLt— SII Of AHR FOR DETAILS 
TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 
4 6 o o S A N P E D R O AVE. 
S A N A N T O N I O , T E X A S 
7 3 6 -1 561 
E V N . & SAT. 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 8 

UT 

C r u is e C o n tro l P a c e s e t t e r , fo r a utom atic car, cost new $8o. a s k ­ in g $4o. 696-2649 
_______ 
‘6$ F o r d 25o. 6 c y l., e n g , a n d t ra m . C o m p le te ly o v e rh a u le d . 4 
( 1 6 ") Sa fety rim s. 7 < 1 6 ") tire * w ith tube*. 922 9481 
H o o k e r (traders. New, fo r ‘67 thru 
'69 D a rt 383, 44o, o r ‘C u d a S lic k *. 
1 3 "x 1 S". best ofter. 337-8148. 
'73 iam fion scope, sec c o u p le r, sn a p-o n m odel 615. $$oo. 337-8623. 

H o n d a X L-1 7 S, 1974 
1o7o m ile s, like new ! $4oo. 653-94o1; see on 
Su nd a y. 

'IS H u s k y W R 4oo. P r a c t ic a lly new. M a k e ofter. A fter 5: M -F , 
696-1755 
J O E H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
S a le s-S e rv ic e -P o rts 
971o IH-35 N O 
656-94oo 
K A W A S A K I 175CC, 1974 F-7. $4oo 
With helm et. 684-/9oo. 

K a w a s a k i 125cc on-off road. E x ­ cellent condition. $35o. 822-7942 
‘76 K a w a s a k i K D -1ooM . E xce lle n t condition. C all: 696-2o68 
'76 K a w a s a k i K Z4oo Special, only 
124 m ile s, p lu s 2 n ew h e lm e ts, 
59oo. 658-11o2. 
•75 K A W A S A K I 4oo 
/ 
L o w m ile *, $875, 656-7626. 

S C H O O L H ig h w a y D iesel B u se s 
23o1 N O G A L IT O S 
534-6711 
'76 Silverado. A M - F M stereo, low m ileage. B est ofter. 696-7273. 

1977 SILVERADO CIO 
Autom atic, a ir, A M - F M tape deck. 
P o w e r w indow s. Lik e new ! 
56489 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilit a r y 922 6317 

• I i S ilv e ra d o T ra ile r S o d . Loa d ed, dual tanks, fib e rg la ss c a m p e r 
Shell. 548oo 1-796-4743______________ 
‘74 
S M A L L 
P a n e l 
D e l i v e r y 
(V e g a ) truck $95o. 333-6152 

T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s , 
’ 7 5 
C he vrole t p icku p . N o equity. C all: 
824-76o6 atter I: 494-5734 

75 F o r d R a n g e r t o n w ith cam per shell, m u st sell, will help finance. C all D ick 699-3434 

 i i F O R D R A N G E R $1o9} 
’ J T O N P IC K U P - N E W T I R E S 
435-1641 

7 4 G M C S ie rra ton, pow er, air, 
A M - F M , ow ner, $2,985 349-2274. 

'76 G M C ' i ton p ic k u p 
S ie r r a 
C lassic. Loaded. 55295. 434-5744. 

T a k e O v e r P a y m e n t s o n '7 4 
F O R D P I C K U P . N o E q u it y . 
222-o986, D e n n is, m ites 656-4321 

‘75 F O R D R A N G E R p ic k u p , ’ j ton, 39o, posi-trac, all pow er, air, 
C B 
A M - F M 8 -tra c k ste re o , oil terrain tires. 684-5991 _____________ 
74 F O R D R a n g e r X L T , air, auto 
$2895. 923-7174______________________ I 
7 7 F o rd R a n g e r X L T F-15o, a lti power, air, utility tool box, 4,ooo miles. 735 2593. 
______ 

•IO G M C V -8 , a u t o a ir . L W B 
$995-432-2644, 432-266o_____________ 
•73 G M i i v i f d u m p t r u c k , ‘/o 
C h e v y 12 yd- d u m p tru c k , both twin screw s. A sk for T e x or R a y 
Jen kins, I 334-4231.________________ 

F o rd s-C h e v ys, 2-21 1 T o n s 
23o1 N O G A L IT O S _________ 534-6711 
7 2 F o rd 6 stand. Sh o rt stepside. 
Good! (little ru st) $1495-337-3668 

'76 F O R D S U P E R C A B 
T a ke o v e r p a y m e n ts, n o equity, coll Credit M a n a g e r, 349-6948 
'5 6 F o r d i ' j ’ ton f la t b e d w ith c o w e r ta k e o ff p l u s 1 6 S o g a l rem ovable w ater tank. 
$1ooo 
648 12oo. 
, 

G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
I HIO a nd W W W hite R o ad 
______________ 661-4121_____________ 
International Trucks 
715 Steves Ave. 
534-54711 
•72 In t e r n a tio n a l T r a v e la ll, au-l tomatic, air, V-8, a b o v e a verage. 
Call 225-79o9 o r 222-8611 E x t 279. 
H e rb 
_______________________ 

T E L E P H O N E T R U C K , $3oo. C all 
341-4332 

' I i T o y o ta P ic k u p , 1,6oo m ile s, air, 4 speed, take up p a y m e n ts: 
$111.69. 826-2883____________________ 
T R A I L E R : 18 ' fu ll b ed, sid e s , d u a l a xle s, b ra k e s, h e a v y duty, haul cors, h e a v y equiot. etc. 
494-5421. 
4 T ru ck s, F7ooo with ITS hp Cat 
D ie s e l e n g in e , 1 4 ’ a lu m in u m bodies with K W. 2o T h e rm o K in g units. E q u ip p e d with m eat rails. 
661-4611. 
_______________ ___ 

6831 
V A N S : B u v -Se ll-T ra d e 
S. F lo re s 
923-4211 

•73 In te rn a tio n a l T ra v e la ll, air, p o w e r, o u to , t o w in g p a c k a g e , radio, heater. 675-2oo6.____________ 

1975 F o r d 3c ton, fu lly lo a d e d 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
_______ __ 

73 Ford Vi TOH ll*. SI295 
68o3 South F lo r e s 
7 5 Fo rd H ten. 4-spd, o ir, pow er, dua l ta n k s 
F ib e r g la s s c a m p e r shell. $39oo. 1-796-4743 
_ _ _ _ _ 
'7 5 F o r d T r u c k , 35o e n g in e , power, 12' stake bed w ith 12oo lb. pow er gate, perfect, 624-2478 

A1 F O R D V A N ................ $1,29o 
71 C H E V Y V A N 
............. *1,85o 
325o S. W. M I L I T A R Y 
Ord V o n E c o n o lin e IOO. 6 cyl., m ags. 25 m p g on H iw o y. A ir cs, 51,ooo mi. E x c e lle n t cond 
927 5715 
_ _ _ _ _ 
7 4 Fo rd Von, v e ry clean, w ill sell 
Cheap. 532-5o77 
*974 F o rd 4-w heel d rive . 826-9565 
*95-8o56 
R D W indow van, v8, auto 
Jim , *61-4511 
_________ 
1975 C M E V Y J*ton p icku p s, 
« w e r ste ering, b ra k e *, air. 
H u rry tor l* t c h o ic e $37*o. 
117 C a n y o n L ake. d n m i i 
IM C i CV 
. 4 c yl. st a n d a rd . $2195 r will t r a d * 456-1ooo 
: S ie rra C la stic , ' jton, 4 rive, new tire*, W tne b ago 
. C B r a d io 22,ooo m ile s 
4-31o9 e ven in gs. i W K S A W m 'W S 
~ ~ 

‘65 International bus, 64 seat cap., 
G ood condition. C all 512-374-318o or SI2-374-3993 night $3,ooo 
7 6 I N T X S C O U T , loaded. E xce l lent condition $58oo. 735-7153 

•IO In t'I T rave l-A ll, 49,ooo mi. Steel belt radials, V-8, auto, pow er, air. 
425-4985 N ew B ra u n fe ls 
■45 IN T N X . p ic k u p w ith c a m p e r shell, boat ra c k 
R e b u ilt tran s., clutch, b rak e s. $95o. C H E Y E N N E 
B L A Z E R 
74. 
L oad ed , 
$615o. 
49o-o727 
•73 ln t n ‘1. N ton. 39? e ng., o ir, o u to . $17oo. M a k e o ffe r, ta k e trade 658 1235 e ve s , no a n sw e r try a gain 

V A N S : 
‘73 
C L U B 
W A G O N , loaded .............................. $245o. 
‘71 D O D G E 6 Std 
$1695. 
‘68 G M C , 6 Std ..................... $695. 
‘72 F O R D Su pe r, 6 std 
.. $215o. 
‘71 C H E V Y Su p e r, 6 std. 
. $185o 
6831 
S . F L O R E S 
923-4211 

L ik e new 7 $ K X -2 So A K a w a sa k i, 
7 2 125 P u c h , with 3 bike trailer, all for $1ooo 453-2o27 

‘73 M o to G u z z i E l D o r a r d o lu ll d ress, excellent, $15oo 474-3o83___ 
Motorcycle Insurance 
L O G S D O N A g e n c y 828-o617 
M o t o r c y c l e ; S u p e r G lid e , ‘74 lim ited edition, m o n y extras, low m ile s 494-5421. 
M O T O R C Y C L E IN S U R A N C E 
C A L L : 227-77oo or 227-8311 
N o r t o n 8 5 o c c • 1973 o n ly 4,ooo m ile s e x c e lle n t con d itio n . $1495 will b o rgc in , ofter 6pm 922-784o. 

•IS N orton C om m a n do , jet black, 6 g a l tank, 12,ooo m iles, good c o n ­ dition. W ith e xtra tools a nd 2 h el­ mets, $15oo. 824-19o1. _____________ 

M o p a r 6 cyl. engine, oth er p o rts for ‘69 D o d ge Dart. 734-o147. 
____ 
69’ 35o M o to r with T u rb o T r a n s m ission, a lso good front e nd a nd go o d 283 m otor. 922-3838. 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRASLER 

S A L E S 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

493o RIGSBY 
648-oo6o 

TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 
AVION 
Travel Trailers - Motor Homes 
Trade-in Bargains 

77 BONANZA 2o' . 
77 BONANZA 24 . 
72 TERRY 2 6 '....... 
76 AVION Mini ... 
66 VOLUNTEER 16'. 

$495o 
$578o 
$55oo 

$15oo 

17' GLASTRON Bt AU JACK 
BASS BOAT Fu lly E q u ip p e d W ith: 

• 7o HP Evmrud* with power trim 
• Lowranco depth finder • Extra fuel tan it 
• Super guide troll motor 
• Speedometer* and tachometer 
• Boswell 
• Soft top 
• Custom galvanized trailer 

O n e *68 C u tla ss 442 front fender. 
Pefect cond. O th er p a rts 826-7594. 
Q U A L IT Y E N G I N E S & P A R T S 
F A R G O S A L V A G E 
627-2711 
433-2o3o A tte r 5: 

 t i T - B IR D . W re ck in g, p o rts for sale. Call: 433-o116. 
‘74, X J 6 e ngin e and trans. 32,ooo o rig in a l ml. Ofter 657-3229_________ 

756 AUTO, FINANCING LOANS 

F IN A N C IN G U S E D C A R S lf you a re selling c o rs on w e ekly p aym en ts, we will fin ance e v e ry d e a l-N o cre d it re q u ire m e n ts N o 
Coll Toll F re e 8oo-821-2157 
SjJCt 

758 - AIRCRAFT services, 

74 N orto n 85o C om m a n do , good condition, SUSQ . 927-5822.__________ 
‘73 N o rto n 85o. C u sto m c h ro m e a n d a lg in e w o rk, m ik u n i c a rp s, m a g fron t w heel, sto ck h e a d e rs, n eeds so m e w ork, $75o. W in d ja m ­ m er, g a s tank, o rigin a l c a rp s a nd 
3 a e a ts a lso for sale. 684-2o12 after 
6pm 
________ 

C E SS N A 
PILOT CENTER 
PRIVATE, 
COMMERCIAL, 
IN 
STRUMFNT, MULTI ENGINE, FLIGHT 
INSTRUCTOR, FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR 
INSTRUMENT * MULTI. 

V A A P P R O V E D 
For Q u a lif ie d V e ts 
METRIC AIR 
STINSON MUNICIPAL 
AIRPORT 
9 2 4 - 7 3 7 5 

S A N A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
K A W A S A K I Sales, Se rvice, P a rt s 
313 N A K O M A 
494-5254 
•73 S u z u k i 4oo T M . N ew engine. 
$4oo o r best Otter 494-1382 

•74 Su z u k i 75o. W in d ja m m e r, e x ­ cellent cond. 
5145o. 
681-3166; 
922-8491. 
‘7o T R IU M P H 65o C H O P P E R 
E xte n d e d fork, new engine, H a r ­ ley re a r end, H ard fail, k in g queen seat, all c h ro m e and b la ck m etal fla ke . L o o k s gre a t- r u n s g re a t. 
$12oo o r b e st otter. C a ll S a l o r 
Sun, 732-4175._______________ 
U n iq u e *72 45o cc D u cat! D e sm o like new $475. 822-54o1. 

•72 Y a m a h a 35o. $55o. C a ll: 
734-2551 o r 732-6o9o;________ 
E le c t r ic 

W A N T E D : E a r ly ‘6o C h e v y ’'I or 
>« ton W ill p a y re a so n a b le price. 
828-7267 
_________________________ 
W A N T E D : O L D E R P IC K U P 
69o-1o22 
___________ 
Si W I L L Y S J E E P 4 -w he el dr. lockout hub s. $145o 828-4o22 
748 - MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

74 B ultaco 25o P u rs a n g , excellent cond, e xtra s. 342-<4*7, 342-7595. 

B U Y I N G 
U S E D 
M O T O R C Y ­ 
C L E S ! P a y c ash. C all: 461-2212 

•It Jeep CJ-S. radio, air, 13,ooomi 
B est otter b u y s it! 69o-1967 
L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D I E S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-791-3254 
IN T E R N A T I O N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
P O B ox 41) H a llettsville.Tx 

1972 L U V ’ > ton p ic k u p , lo o k s g o o d , r u n s g o o d , g o o d g a s m ile age , f a c t o r y a ir, o v e r s iz e d tires, ra c in g stripe s. $1595. (512) 
199-2441, w e e k d a y s att 4 
WBBBWWTe jM i 
. 
•ll L W B G M C ’ : ton. v e ry d e a n , low ml. V8 auto, $219$. 1-625-9679 
N E W and U S E D B u m p e rs. L igh t 
" T O " ------- 
W> 
La re d o H w y 

_____ j rn po . 
_____ weight to h e a v y duty. F o r a ll size s of p icku p tru c k s 924-6551-2o2 N ew 

‘7o C h e v y p ic k u p . SHOO. A fte r 5 p m. 473-6489. 
__ 
C O M M U T O R 'S 
S P E C I A L ! 
Y a m a h a SOO tw in 4-stroke. $75o. 
6*1-2212. 
________ 

‘71 Y a m a h a 2oo new, u n d e r 5,ooo ml. 
734-9ooo. 

L ik e 
732-557o; 

Y a m a h a 7So, 1973. g o o d c o n d m u st sell, g o in g o v e rse a s 656-914o 

A L A M O F L Y E R S , IN C . 
“ Y O U R P I P E R D E A L E R " 
8411 M IS S IO N R D 
922-1228 
A V IA T IO N IN S U R A N C E 
P R O M P T Q U O T E S 736-1623 
C E S S N A 177 
C all Jo h n Heck, 459-1968 
‘76 C e ssn a S k y h a w k ll, 1-686-7443; a fter 6, 1-487 1284. 
_______ 

• 
HEIMER 
• 
CAMPER SALES 
SAN ANTONIO S EXCLUSIVE 
COACHMEN 
DEALER 
• TENT TRAILERS 
• TRAVEL TRAILERS 
• TRUCK CAMPERS 
• MINI MOTOR HOMES 
• STH WHEEL TRAILERS 
3329 S.W. Military 
Just West o( Somers! Rd. 
Mon.-Fri. 9 to 8 P M Sot 9 6 

'63 A irstre a m B a m b i 16‘ fully self contained a ir 224-o593 
‘74 A irstre a m T ra v e l T ra ile r, 27’, 
A b so lu t e ly like n e w ! $1o,5oo o r b e st o ffer. M u s t se tl! 32o7 P i n ­ ecrest, Austin, 1-453-5627 
25' A I R S T R E A M T R A D E W I N D , y o u r entry into the fa b u lo u s w o rld o f A i r s t r e a m c a r a v a n n i n g . A s u p e r b ly c a r e d fo r u n it at the m odest p rice of $55oo. In c lu d e s all e qu ip m e nt, hitch, le ve le r joc ks, etc. F A B E R T ra ile r S a le s 718 So 
G etty-U vald e 
1975 A p a c h e E a g le 4oo, n e v e r used, 51195 1o23 F a b u lo u s_______ 
A p p le b y 'T E n T - T R A I L E R Slee ps 
6 Inc!, beds, sp a re tires, a n d lug- go ge ro ck 661-5694 
____ 

H A R P E R M O T O R C O 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S a nd S E R V I C E for 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W I L I G H T 
B U N G A L O W T ra v e l T ra ile rs and 
J ib W heels 
24o1 S.W. M ilit a r y 924-5514 
H rs: M o n - F r i 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 

* 3 2 9 5 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227.5o41 

I k 

S t 

COMING OU 
OUR EARS! 
ARRIVED: 
A 
18ft hmitv, tensible veisotile for small lobes to offshore (w PROVEN design) 
Comport COBIA, G IA$S- 
M A illR with 
77 fVINRUDIS or* 
OML Merlruner ta outs, plain plush, loin! deck or walk thru BOWrtden 
18ft ideal to tin (uh (amp 
R Get PROOf ride on big ROUGH willets, NOT millponds 
Buy demo 
Steals 9 to 22ft w horn METERS; W I do no! sell os new boats 
( NEW, molthless 1V6 COBIA ?21t cutty lobin I9obp 3o2V8 OMCIlvm md* Johnson) 
o 
Compare 
7/W GLASSMASTER ultra high perloim c bassbauts 
MORE than new (ohm pelleted pod bottom, wider stern, buoyancy, bsh Hon, ride LEVEL, SAHR GM * 
?olh year, why gamble w/'Hy by night mfgrtl 
E 
77 GM wolk thru BOWnder 
DELUX w EVINRUDE fiShp $489o, w 7obp $465o, SShp $449o, 
JShp 
S3997 w trailer, safely pkg, SKIS, tackle, layaway cinches $ f RICHLINE alum IS delux flat $239 
G Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals 
H Graduation, father s Day gifts for ages 6 to % 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PARK I Rf F 
SO marine years in S.A. 227 2112 
9-6 p m, Thurs. Rife 9 p m Closed Sot 
I 
-T 
"“" 'I 

29‘ H o lid a y R a m b le r , new co st 
$12,ooo, 1976 C h e v y S ilv e r a d o , c a m p e r p a c k a g e , re e s e h itch , fib e rg la ss too.SA,3oo new. A ll for 
$9,4oo. 655-8o76 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

•75 
H O L ID A Y 
R A M B L E R 
5th 
E state 
32’. L o a d e d ........... $95oo 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , 653 6711 
197o H Y L A N D E R Sth Wheel. 27‘ 
A ir cond itioned 
........ $369 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , *53 *711 
L ik e new, L o c k a b le c a m p e r shell for s m a ll p icku p . $225. W ith O p ­ tio n a l b u ilt-in b u n k b e d s, 525o. 
Bob F iti»iik e is 69o 774/ d a y s 

TINDALL and SON 
PONTIAC-GMC, INC. 
A u th o rlie d Dealer tor... 
• IX IC U T IV I • 
• H A S *A • 
• ix e io H C * • 
M O TO R MOM CS 
Plus a full line of used R.V. vehicles 
4 6 o o SA N FAORO 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 1 or 7 3 6 -1 5 6 8 
Saturdays! 

88? MOTOR KOMES 

 sale-rent 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x c lu s iv e D e a le r tor: C ha m p io n , 
T ita n , L if e t im e M o t o r H o m e s . 
M in i M o to r H o m e s 
7271 A U S T IN H W Y 
455 o251 

L W B C A M P E R S H E L L 
*125. 922-7764 
M id s t a t e s m a n 1oft. c a b o v e r cam p er. K in g s iz e bed, sle e p s 6, sto ve w ith oven, p o rta b le toilet, b u m p e r exte nsio n , m a n y e xtras. 
Clean, m u st sell. 512oo 497-3587. 
I 438 7313 

M O N IT O R 24 tra v e l frailer. Fu lly self contained, like new. A ir. ‘74 
I N T X T rave la ll. 51,ooo m i E x c e l­ lent Both $7,ooo. o r separate. See to appreciate. 426 1352_____________ 

A R IS T O C R A T T ra v e l T r a ile r s 
The choice of the Q uality b u y e r 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y . 
*55-o251 
197o B a n n e r com p le tely se ll con tained, 22’ :’, air, u se d v e ry little. 
52,75o. 1-569-3o7*.___________________ 
B L A N C O P R O D U C T S 
N O M A D - R E D D A L E - J A V C O 
41o at B ro q d w o y 824 29aI_____ 

73 OPEN ROAD CAMPER 
F U L L Y L O A D E D 
.............$529$ 
D O Y L E M O T O R C O 
57o3 So n Pedro-736 4321 

O v e rc a b cam p e r, 8‘ repair, 
545o or 
1-438-72*7 

 l-w-b, nee ds best otter. 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
2171 A u stin Hw y._________ 653-1 
P R O W L E R , 71 Self C on taine d 
SI 69 
153-o185 

76 C E S S N A T U R B O Station A ir 
I P R e q u ip p e d , in v e s t m e n t ta x cre d it available. 
T re m e n d o u s : sa v in g s. 
M C C R E E R Y A V IA T IO N 
M C 
A L L E N , 
T X I 
512-68* 1774 

C ab O ve r C am p er 
8 ft . sle ep s 4, stove, ice box, sink, jack sta n d s 
585o 655-36o1 

A ir conditioned 
52895. 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , 653-4711 

C H E R O K E E ISO 
C all F ra n k A d am s, *59 1968 

75 C am el, pop up, lent c a m p e r, ste e p s 6, sto v e , ic e b o x , ta b le w ater hook-up, 5135o 684-7335 
C a m p e r Shell, ‘?4 M o d e l L ik e N ew tor 
L W B 
T ru c k 
337-3*21 or 
333-5679. 

RENT TRAILERS 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L B S 
IH IO, 3 M i. north of B oe rn e 
Rt. 2 B ox 127, S A. phone, 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 17 5 P M 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A I L E R S A L E S 
493o R IG S B Y 
648 oo6o 

C H E R O K E E 14o 
C all Joh n Heck, 659-1968 

C a m p e r s h e ll, w ith p a n e l in g 
R e ason able. 735-7So9______________ 

‘73 C h e v y *■« ton 
454 e n g , a ir, a u t o , d u a l t a n k s , etc. 12 ' j It. 
M o b ile T r a v e le r c a m p e r 
R o o f u s x u s s x m a ir ' toilet, sh o w e r, m u c h m o re 
19*7 C H E R O K E E 14o. M K -1 2-34 o $45oo. T a ke trade 658-1235 e v e s; radio. V O R . A D F . Auto pilot, IOO no answ e r, try a gain h r s on eng. E x c e lle n t paint, i n t . ---------------------- - 
----- 
F e b lie E co n o m ica l 4 p la ce a ir ­ craft $875o. 927-5715. 

1973 26' S C A M P E R 
$Th wheel, 
......................................... *5295 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R C E N T E R 
42oo R o o se ve lt at Stin so n Fie ld 

T r a v e l T r o l l e r o r M in i M o t o r 
H om e, tra d e 5 a c r e p ro p e rty in 
A rizona. C oll *9o-o3o6 

T r a v e l t r a ile r , s e lf- c o n t a in e d . 
53945 air, o w n er 341 5475 
8‘ U se d C A B O V E R C A M P E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W .M llltory-924-5514 
13’ U S E D T R A V E L T R A I L E R 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24oIS.W M ilita ry 924-5514 
4 U S E D T R U C K C A M P E R S 
See them now at 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , 653 6/ H 
‘74 V en ture tent trailer, sle ep s 8, h a s stove, icebox, sin k and h o o k­ u p s fo r w a t e r a n d e le c t r ic it y . 
*15oo 
333 8519 after 
5 3opm w k d a y * 

W anted: tra v e l trailer, u p to $25oo cash. C all atter 4:3o pm . B a n d e ra 
1-796-4371. 

W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r a v e l 
T raile rs. C all: M E L 9?4-55)4 
1 9 ' W h e e l C a m p e r 5th W h e e l 
T ra ile r, sle e p s 6. bath, air, eas- e le c t r le r e f r ig e r a t o r , v a c u u m c le a n e r, v e r y c le a n . P u ll w ith p ic k u p o r r a n c h e r o 
$3 89 5. 
I 392-37o2 eves. 
________ 

8X6 C A M M E R T ra ile r. F u lly en c lo se d , 2 w in d o w s, d o u b le r e a r d oo rs N ew tires Coll 648 134) 

Recreational Vehicles 
F O R R E N T 
V a n * 
M in i M o to r H o m e s 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
C on tact B ill at 
Resco Leasing 
55o5 San Pedro 

- Z 3 2 ^ 2 8 i . 

1973 IAE*. C h r y s le r trfh u ll B o w - r id e r, w a lk th ru w in d o w . Io 5 h p 
C h ry sle r outboard, traile r L o ts of e xtrp *. $325o 872-9164 
7ift.* R e p V C o b ia J g l B ra u titu i hon m o id fiber aitis 45$ O ld s, U S h r s 1973 V ests, tops, potty, etc. 
$515o *53-648o______________________ 
ISH F ib e r g la s s boat. trailer. ?ohp 
M e rc u ry , $5oo C all J im , a tter $ w e ekd ays, 333-o346. 
I * 1 rtf. G la st r o n . 85ho j o h n s o n , trailer. $22oo 459-1135. 
‘49 15ft H ig a sc ra ft, tri hull 4ohp, 
E v in r u d t , u se d /Stirs. A lw a y s 
Stored inside, $195o 655 1456 _____ 
1811 
M a r l i n A q u a r iu s , 1)5 h p 
M e r c u r y o u t b o a r d , D i l l y tilt trailer, extra s. A s k in g $4ooo C a ll 
675 1323.__________ _______________ 
•74," 24ft Se a rc y , C utty Cabin', ? ? } 
M e r c u r i s e r , C u s t o m T r a i l e r , 
585oo 494 2952 Ofter 4pm 

1976 ISM. Trih u ll, SOhp E v in ru d e , w a lk t h r u w in d s h ie ld , e x t r a s , 
525oo 474 2 3 4 3 __________________ loft. W a lk th r u S k i B o a t w ith i t 
J o h n so n t is h p , w ill a c c e p t ro o sonnble otier. 653 5521. 
16' 
G l a s t r o n 
C a r o u s e l 
826-4565, 665-1o54_____________ 
T S T 

R E N T : 22’ M o to r Hom e, sleeps 4 
$22 d ay 12c mi. 455-oo44 
_______ 

R E N T our fa m ily 23' lu x u ry m o tor hom e Su p e r clean, C B . stereo, ail e x tra s R e se rv a tio n s 455-o454 

•74 G la s t r o n , D e e p V, 19ft 
JOO 
Joh n so n, a w n e r $64/5 454-/o17___ 

‘ L A Y at S T O N E M A R I N E 
724o B a n d e ra R o a d 
D e ale r: Jew ett Se rvic e s, 342 17/8 

1976 W in n e b a go extras. $7,ooo 
SELL-TRADE 

 equity 
1o,ooo m l M a n y 
497-1638 
W ont To B u y M o to r H o rn *. A n y 
M a k e 
A n y 
M odel. 
658-7461, 
*56-7116 
‘7o W I L L I A M S C R A F T 
M in i 
74.ooo ml. Slee ps 4 self contained 
R o o f t r u c k a ir , 556oo 
A c c e p t trade 1121 S W M I L I T A R Y D R 

‘73 W in n * 7o', a ir, ge n , c ru is e con trol. S le e p s 8, m a n y e x tra s. 
595oo firm 658 8o47 F r id a y after 4 pm a nd Sat-Su n 
_______________ 

71 W in n e b a g o , 6 c y l, se lf c o n ­ tained, 34,ooo m l $71oo 1-964 387o 
H W in n e b a go 
76 exit a n e o n 
$14,SOO C all 494 6356 
‘73 W in n e b a g o In d ia n . 23 ft E x ­ ce lle n t c o n d itio n 11o.OOO. D a y s 
658-o521, nites 1-425-4181 

8 o ? 
M O T O R H O M E S 

 s i t a - n n t 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o7 N .W L o o p 41o 
734-5131 

C H E R O K E E 235 
C all F ra n k A d am s. 659 1968 

Y A M A H A IOO. S trip p e d tor dirt. 
SISO. 658-2519______________________ 

•77 Y a m a h a IOO, 3,ooo total m iles, stre et le g a l fo r IS y r old, excel- lent, S47S o r best offer. 822-368o. 

7 & e - w u m i M i i T o s . t m c k s , 

T H A M S , m m c v c i f s 

B U Y J U N K C A R S , E T C . 
F R E E P IC K U P 
627-2711 
A tter 5: 633-2o3o 

“ E x c e p t io n a l ‘58, C e s s n a 172. 
$8,ooo. C o n sid e r trode. 444-2724 
F O R S A L E 
197$ G ru m m a n T ra v e le r 
1976 G ru m m a n C heetah 
1959 A c re C o m m a n d e r 5oo 
1466 C he ro ke e-Six 
W est A ir P a rk 
433-7751 o r 674 3938 
I 

• I i L A N C E P A -3 2 R -A , K in g auto 
____ _________ _ c o n t r o l I I I , a ir , 65o T T - A E 
‘7$ 
C o le m a n 
V a l l e y 
F o r g e 
557,ooo. o r b est offer, fo r In to r- C am p e r, e x c e lle n t condition, m otion , call B ill G re ig, J o u rd a n - 675-2oo4 
Io n (1)746-3574 

C le an , w ell m a in ta in e d 1972 V W 
P o p -T o p C a m p e r. A ir, eiec. r e ­ frigerato r. W ater, sle e p s 4. 12999. 
826-7458._____________________________ 

C L O S E O U T S A L E 1976 
C a m p in g -T re v e l T r a ile r s $394 up 
K C T ro lle rs 71o W est A v e 735-3431 
1975 C ole m an pop-up traile r. E x ­ cellent cond. 534-9891. 

197o C O L E M A N P o p -U p T ra ile r 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 S.W. M llitary-924-5514 

IS ' S C O T T Y , heater, re frigera tor, only SI295. 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , *53-671 1 
T P S H A S T A , a ir 
N ice traile r 
........ 52945. 
T R A V E L T O W N T E X A S , 653-6711 
SHASTAePROW LER 
We T a ke T ra d e in * 
Com plete S e rv ic e Dept 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH1o 3 M i N orth of B o e rn e 

BAR BOB 
MOTOR HOMES 
! E x c lu s iv e F ra n c h ise d D e a le r tor: 
X P L O R E R , T R A V E L O U E E N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO 
P A D R E IS L A N D D R H 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, Tx. 
784)5 
B u rk e M o to r H o m e Center 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
! _ 
821-6134 

W l ll io m s c r o f t 2 2 ’ M in i M o t o r 
I H om e, se ll c o n ta ine d, 3 w a y re 
• frigerato r, air, I new tires $45oo take trade 696 3867 
8o4 BOATS. WOTORS 

 apa cat samurais 
$1o95 new . D e aler, 653 3o i d ! ? : l l 1 

 la k e M cQ u e e n e y. 512 557-6622 
O pen E v e r y d a y exc6Pt M o n d a y 
Shp C B o u tb o a rd m otor, $1oo o r best otter. R u n n in g a n d in go o d condition I V 8o44 ______________ 
7' j h o Scott A tw ater 
342-9o47 

 loternaOooal 5.2 Class 
N a c o r S.2 C a ta m a ra n 
In tro d u c to ry Otter. 826 3343 

K N O D E L M A R I N E 
L a k e M cQ u e e n e y S A P h 458 9164 open T u es-Sat 9-6. Su n l l 

O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5 P M . 

S P E C IA L ! 
$ N ew ‘74 S T A R C R A F T 
1 G A L A X I E V I ........... 
2 S T A R D U S T V ll l s 
.. 
1 -S T A R D U S T Sw in ge r 
I S T A R L IT ! ) V II 

C om pletely cho p pe d T riu m p h 65o 
5795 or best offer. 924-1754. 
72 F o rd p ic k u p ’-j ton, auto, L W B . 
2937 R o o s e v e lt ____________________ 

G O O D 
D E A L ! 
C le a n , lo w m ileage. ‘75 Y a m a h a 45o. R a c k , b a c k r e s t , w i n d j a m m e r 
I I I . 
D e a le r’s a p p ra isa l $138o; will sell for <125o. >24-4411 
G R A D U A T IO N S P E C I A L 
'74 E l C a m in o , auto, a ir, p ow er ste ering a n d b ra k e s, tilt wheel, 8 t ra c k , h e a v y d u t y h itch . A fte r 
5:3o, 453-o283 
SS b a r l e y 
C h o p p e r 
S I2 o o 
Apt.9-A, 
F 
St. east, 
R a nd o lp h , 
*52-2454_____________________________ 

C A U 225 1666 
•75 H A R L E Y D A V ID S O N 
S X 25o, $575. 824-4235 

CALL ME FIRST!! 
L O S T T I T L E S N O P R O B L E M 
T O P C A S H tor J U N K C A R S 
423-4422 
C a s h for cle an c o rs a n d tru c ks. 
L a r r y C a n n o n Auto Sa le s 
563o Son P e d ro 
828-6355 
C A S H F O R Y O U R O L O E R C A R 
Call: *54-o64o. t B U Y J U N K C A R S 
T O W IN G S E R V IC E 432 3211 

M 
M 
U ! 
R U N N IN G O B N O T ! 226-2245 

S E L L I N G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i - p r i c e s p a id fo r c le a n c o rs-T ru c k S , etc. 222-1342_________ 

T O F D O L L A R ! " 
J U N K C A R S , T R U C K S , S C R A P . c a l l,;. M M M ? _________ 

45 
M O O N E Y , 
F u l l 
I F R , ’^ o w n e rsh ip a vaila b le . T o m 
Su lliva n , 425-24o3; *74-5234 

P ip e r C u b L a r k C o m m a n d e r 
C oll F r a n k A d orn s, 454-1961 

IS S K Y L A N E I F R ; ‘7 * U -2o6, 
I F R ; IS M A U L E ; I i C A R D I N ­ 
A L , IF R ; 
54 T R I- P A C E R . Nice. 
512-122-3o41. 

 j 74 Fifth w h e el tra v e l trlr., 32ft 
Tw ilight B u n g a lo w 649 139)________ 
1972 F o r d Ll to n p ic k u p , 8 ' i cam p er. C on sid e r trode. 733 9528 
I 3o ft. A irs t r e a m , top c o n d itio n , 
! $5,5oo. 1-257-4885 K e rrv ille 
ISH. F a n Lee travel tra ile r F u lly self contained, sle ep s t, a ir , lik e new. 532oo. 922-o942 
21 Ft. F u lly self c o n ta in e d , c a r ­ peted, V olu ntee r, sle e p s 4. D u a l oxel, H D hitch inc). S p a r e tires, re a d y to roll. $3,ooo 455 638/ 

•73 S K Y L A N E , only 4oo h o u r s T T s i n c e n e w . N e w p a in t , t ir e s . 
T r a n s p o n d e r . L e a t h e r s e a t s . ______________________________ 
_ 
_____________ _____________ 
F r e s h a n n u a l. 124,9oo. C o ll B o b 
’ Oft. L W B ca b o v e r c a m p e r, sle e p s '7 4 f e r r y T - a v e l T r a i le r , 5th 
R o b e r t s , 
H a r li n g e n , 
T e x a s . 
4, $75o best ofter. 734-8549 atter wheel 3oft $6ooo C all B etw een la m 
S1_2-42_3-o967; nltes 512-S41-6IS2 
6pm. a nd 9pm. 221-2161. 

1671 V 3 5 B B O N A N Z A 
1674 22 if. M o n ito r T ra v e l T raile r. 
O n ly 1,ooo hr*. T T since new. N e w 
F u lly self-contained, sle e p s 7, air. paint, b v d ow ntow n A ir P a rk . F u n 
M u st Sell *345o. $32-1691. 
K in g I F R w ith O M E . M a n y ex 
-------------- r W T T O 'B s S u T . >------------- trot. $5o,9oo. Bob R o b e rt$,H o rlin - p ia c i you* w a n t a d 
66h< f n , 
SlJ-423-o997; nites 
IN THI CXPRESI N Z W * 
1-541-6952 
C A U ?3 5 1666 

R T 2 B O X 127 S A P h o n e 224-2426 
™ J ^ A M P I O N 24' M o to r Hom e. 
------------------ ---------- 
P o w e r p la n t, a ir, a rn-tm ra d io . 
T a p e deck, v e ry n ice 
S le e p s 8 
$95oo 923-748o 
_____________ 

T y E S C A P A D E 
B e a u tifu l cond 
S l e e p s 
8 
L o w m ile s 
F u l ly equipped $1o,95o 333-1773_________ 
I ' I i G M C M ln im o t o r H o m e 
Se lf contained 4,ooo m ile * In w a r r a n ­ ty. L o a d e d a nd like new P erfe ct fo r v a c a tio n tim e 
S a c r ific e fo r 
I $11,5oo. 462-2945. 
_________________ 
G M C M o to r H o m e F o r Rent. 
349-o772, 344-4311. 73* 4384 
G M C M o to r Hom e, 1973 W I A ll eqijiplm ent. 512-598 514/___________ 

T * G M C P a l m B e a c h M o t o r 
Hom e, 24 , 14,ooo m iles, duo! air, sle ep s 6, excellent cond 822 o3oo, 
492 1387 after 5 p m .________________ 
L u x u r y M o to r H o m e s Rent L o w 
R o te s 658-7661, 656-/119 

MOTOR NOME FOR RENT 
V o g u e 32 
V il la G r a n d e F u l ly e qu ip p ed , sle p t I, p riv a te p a rty rents b y w eek 444-44Q7____________ 

M O T O R H O M E R E N T A L S : F u lly sett contained. R a te s by day or week-453-41o8 
___________ eiACi ro u e w a n t Wo 
IN THI I X O M SS N I W I 
C A U 225 1666 

C a m p e rs 
. *25oo. 
. ■. $23oo. 
. $23oo 
.., $17oo. 
M Y E R S A U T O - T R A IL E R S A L E S 
114 E .K IN G S B U R Y 
(1)379-2112 
_________S E G U IN , T E X A S _________ 
1973 S t a r c r a f t c a m p in g tra ile r, 
I sle e p s 4, D e lu x e m o d e l, s u r g e b rokes, m a n y e xtra s, m int condi- tion, $1825. 455-6318________________ 

STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A I L E R S A L E S 
114 K in g sb u r y 
S E G U IN . T X . 
•7* T A U R IS 24 tf T ra v e l frailer"; 
F u lly se lf-c o n t a in e d , lik e new , 
*445o o r best offer 532-8*41 

1-3o49 
F ib e rg la ss, tilt frailer. 
I 25 hp E lg in m otor S38S. 
6631 S.F L O R E S 
923 4211 
B o o l tro lle r 
G a lv a n iz e d , M a g ic tilt tire s * oox13 $375 923 3o88 

BOAT WANTED 
A q u a S p o rt or M a k o fish e rm a n 
! 448 2o93 or 494-4777 
1976 C h e c k m a t e , h ig h p e r f o r ­ m a n c e b a s s boat, left 4 in., I5ohp 
M e r c u ry w ith p ow er trim , custom d rlve on trailer, all extras, $5ooo 
M ik e Ro ss. 341-1354. 
__ 
73 C lipper, 2ift. sailb oat. M o to r, trailer, I sa ils, head, boH om paint 
496-87o6 
‘74 

I i ' L a r s o n S k i boat, 85 h p e v in rude, excellent, $2ooo 684 8449 

L O O K IN G for a a re a l In -S e a so n b oat b a r g a in ? S u n d e r la n d B o a ! lan d still h a s a few 147* n ew P e n n 
Y a n c ru ise rs a n d ru na bo u ts. O n ly 
M in d raft, tre m e n d o u s s a v in g s w hile they last G u n d e rlo n d B o a t land, H w y IS I. P o r t la n d lC o r p u s 
C h risti), 5)2 643-2561. 

• • 
MFG 
• • 
M F G S u p e r B a s s 
IS , IS h p 
C h ry sle r, (railer. $42$$ 
T E X A L L Boot, 222-6628 
M y L o s s Y o u r G a in ! S a v e Thou sa n d s, W ife S a y s Se ll! 1975 2 8 ’ 
T w in In b o a r d O f f s h o r e S e d a n 
L o o ed W ith E le c tro n ic s E tc Im ­ m aculate Condition, 653-2o73 or 
I 944 2345 

• RANDOL • 

MARINE 
Wb Buy & Sell 
Used boats, motors, trailers 
12o7 IN. HILDEBRAND 

C o l u m b i a 
23 s a ilb o a t . 
7 3 2 - R 7 3 3 equipped, 152oo. 1-686-7443; atter 
— 
- - 
— ------- - 
4, I 687-1284 
R O C K B O T T O M P R I C E S on In 

1976 C u s t o m J e t w it h c u s t o m troller, S55QQ firm 458-58/9 
__ 
I * ' D e e p v , c a n o p y , 'b ig w h e e) trailer 4o Hp. Johnson. F irst $75o 
494 5o87 
D e e p V N u ll H y d ro sw ift . 
M e rc u ry , tilt trailer. 
226 o968 

7o hp 
SHOO 

1477 12’ ST H W H E E L 
M u st sell this w eek 
........... 56495 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R C E N T E R 
42oo R o o se velt at Stin so n Field 

STh W heel U se d 29‘ w it h V ir ’ 
H A R P E R M T R C A M P E R L A N D 
24o1 E W M ilita ry-924 SSM 

1 5 ' F i b e r g l a s s B o a t , M o t o r , 
T r a ile r , 35 h p E v in r u d e , 2 g a s 
: ta n ks 624-2531 _____________________ 
15' F ib e r g la s s fish in g boat, 7She 
E v e n ru d e . (like new ), trailer, ex- fro*, $1,2oo 344-6422. 
Fine Selection u se d Sa ilb o a ts 
N U W Sa ilb o a t Shop, A u stin 
6o4 H ig h la n d M o ll B lv d 454-7171 
F o r So le 
14’ C e n tu ry R e so rte r 
R e bu ilt 389, V I. P o n tia c. E x c e l­ lent cond 1-557-63o5 otter 6: 

V a d e r* a n d D e c k B o a ts, J o h n so n a nd M e r c u ry *. R A Y 'S M A R I N E 
C a n y o n L a k e . H w y . 2673 n e a r 
Sfortzvlfle A N D Hw y. 3o6 a c r o s s from G o o fy'*. 1-899 211o __________ 
S a ilb o a t C a l 25, e x ce lle n t c o n d i hon, fully e q u ip p ed for fa m ily a n d r a c in g u se . $75oo. 696-4551 o r n igh ts a nd w e eken d s 655-8921 

Sa ilb o a t Sn ip e , e x ce lle n t c o n d i­ tion, $9oo com plete w ith troller. 
736-o897 
___________________________ 
S A IL B O A T , 23. trailer, E v in ru d e , sails, m a n y extro s. 1-443-7798 
2 1 ' S A N T A N A S a ilb o a t, m o to r, trailer, m o n y e x tra s! 824-5135 
1473 17' S e a ra y trih uli, 111 H p 
M e rc u ry , 
*3,3oo atter 
4 P M 
433-o8o5____________________________ 

‘74 S r a ra v 25' with cabin, 351 F o rd engine, like new with only IS hrs. 
U lt. A v e n g e r, 17$ E v in ru d e , trlr. > *28-4545,atter 4 454-1M 6 

I * ! ? ,o-..)*',! 
!& ? . " * - -------------- 
IN THC ( l u s t * * N tW S 
I X U Bt SS A N D N I VV S 
I 
C A U 2 2 5 ’ 6 6 6 

S o jM ifflik ) J | i w , a n d B a r g a in s T o o . . 
Attend an Auction 
See our Auction Column 

18M - b o t , mumm! 

•74 17' S E A S T A R , ‘ 74 H S hp 
Johnso n, d riv e o n g a lv . tr a ile r , m any e x tra s ! Used 7 tim es E x ­ cel Cond. $43oo 498 7848_________ 

18' S K I D R A G , 45oho C h ry s le r, 
75mph, 135oo 537-5584 

8o4 -BOATS. MOTORS 
8o4 BOLTS. MOTORS 
8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

Ta ylo r Jet, 455 Olds, 15,9oo Low hrs, excellent 1-474-649$ 
*7o IS ’ T id e c r a f t , 6 o h p E v in , 
Beautiful' I 'SOO 135-743) 433 o)4? 
16' T rih u ll 85 hp c h rys ler, m any extras, 1195o. 684-4473. 

W A N T E D boat m o to r, 25-35hp • etec start. No dealers 658 7896 

7? 17' T H U N D E R B IR D , 14ohp 
M e re c r u is e r, in b o a rd . C le a n 
135oo 436-o164 Otter 4pm 

W A N T E D 
197o or later Trihuli ski rig, run- 1 ninq or not 653-582o 

884 BOUTS. MOTORS 

2o 4” W eflcraW , clotty cabin, IM itp 
M ere., accessories. 1o7hrs, excel lent. 341-584?_______________ 
W IL L T R A D E a residential lot for a boat and tra ile r 341-4243, a tte r 7 pm 734-4444 

 i M 
M 
M f c p f t i i i i y i i i i i M l 'i j y i J E B W 
F 

H 
H 
H 
3 M 
. 1 6 6 6 I 
& QUALITY IT E M S m DISCOUNT PRICES rn LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THEM 

ACCOR OI A N -G uilietti-Full Size-in case 
Perfect- 
13oo I 
(13oo.(512)443-4431. 

A C ollector's ite m , 4 o rig in a l Sc 
Coke glases. Com plete self teach­ ing organ course. Lg set Teflon pots, new . S unbeam h a ir d r y e r . 
Elec. egg poacher 
Cheap. 
454-o23o 

A IR C O N D IT IO N E R ! F o d d e rs , 
8ooo BTU , 115V, $125. 927-5827 
A ir C o n d itio n e r S ale. B u ild in g 
4oo1 D oor 18 F t. San H o u sto n 
O p en To T h e P u b lic . » -3 p m 
23th 27th M ay 

A ir C o n d itio n e r ! F r l g i d a i r e , 
12,ooo BTU , 115V, 1145. 927-5827 
A k ai G X -28 o D , ta p e d e ck , G a r ­ ra rd , Zero-1oo turntable 481-24o8 
A Large V elvet D ivan, E xcellent 
Condition 1195. 824-4957. 
A lm ost new sofa 1125, S panish style d re ss er w ith m ir r o r HOO, 
F r e n c h P r o v in c ia l C h e s t o f draw ers 175 734-o934____________ 
A lovely peso ring, very different 
Cost 1139.95 Sell 14o. New teflon w a ffle m a k e r SIS 5o. E le c . hot- dogger 14.5o. S ea l-a -m ea l 14.5o. 
H um idifier 14 Kitchen lam p, 14o. 
U H F -V H F P a tr o lm a n p o rta b le radio 117.5o. S ilver pitcher 19.5o. 
Digital clock 14. H a ir d ry e r 15. 
454-o23o 

AUCTION 
Liq u id atin g Entire Co n te n ts of N ice 
Furniture - A p p lia n ce • Equipm ent Store, in clu d in g fixtures. 
Some of the merchandise to be auctioned ore selections of good furnituie for the living room, dining room, kitchen, fans, heaters. 
Showcases, jewelry, dishes, Brie A 8roc Radios and TVs 
ALSO Minneapolis Moline tractor Various pieces of shop equipment 
Antiques • including rolltop desk and mony mony other items too numerous to mention 
W atch this colum n fo r A d d itio n a l Inform ation 
LOCATION Approx I mile post hilltop on Braunig lake Rd off Hwy 
181 South Watch for signs Refreshments available 
THURSDAY - M AY 26 - 7:3o P.M. 
Inspection Entire Day of Sale 
Sale Conducted By 
Tim lister: TxGS-77-o4o8 
Glenn Dom: TxGS 77 o665 

A m e ric a n A ir L in e tr a v e l c e r ­ tificate w orth 14oo, asking 135o. 
461 4845. 
A M F T R A M P O L IN E , fam ily site 
14oo call 494-7535 

Antiques, O riental rugs, cut glass. 
O liv e r, china, c ry s ta l, paintings. 
732-6435 1oam-6pm 
A N T IQ U E U P R IG H T P IA N O , 
53oo, full site sofa bed, 165; V an) ty desk and chair, 125 494-5349 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O ak, W alnut, M e ta l 
E x e c u tiv e , 
Secretory, Student • larg e selec­ tion. 179.5o and up 
Also G ood s e le c tio n of F IL E C A B IN E T S fr o m 1 49 .5o . 1131 B a s s e R d ., 
733-7347, 734 3o81__________________ 

Desk, 68 x 38 and chair both wood, 
1125 cosh 434-6673 

Law n m o w ers. 2o" ISO; 22" 
IM O R CHA RD. 337-34o5 
555; 

L IV IN G Room S uite, M a tc h in g 
B ro w n V in y l, S o fa , L o v e s e a t 
Chair. End Tables, Coffee Table 
Like 
New, 
1495 afternoons 
349 7o78 

I Lovely convertible sofa 16o, twin bed 14o, dresser 145 684-4264 

Dinette, S-pt, 12oo. Sofa, love seat, 
15oo. B a r, HOO. All in lik e new c o n d . C a ll K a r e n 828-1341 o r 
492 2654 after 5:3opm 

M ag ic Chef gas ra n g e . P e rfe c t condition, avocado. 185. 533-2443 

Dining Room Table Ana C hairs, 
824-1326 before 5, 533-24o2 a ft 5 

Aoorim ent F u rn itu re Sale, fu rn i­ ture and stereo 674-3414 
Appliances and F u rn itu re ; D ou­ ble Bed Com plete, Dresser, ll2 5 . 
Twin Bed 135. Chest 539. Dining 
Table and Chairs, Chino Cabinet 
5165. F ro s t F r e e R e fr ig e ra to r , 
H IO . opt. sue w asher 195, Stove, 
Much M ore. 17o5 West Ave. I to 7 pm 732 6595. 
Apt. Size gas range and re frig e r­ ator. 7o6 West Ave. 
Boby C arriage, C onverts to bas­ sinet, 15o, 923-3788, 735 1575. 

D ining room set, 6 pieces, 112o. 
Kroehler sofa, 195. 344-7634. 
Dining table, unique rock m aple, 4 chairs, hutch, $5oo. 736-5724 
D innette Table w ith c h airs 175. 
B e d ro o m Set box s p rin g s a n d m attress, 
HOO 
Double bed 
655-3255 
D ishw asher, portable, good con­ dition, 14o. 333-8o73. 
D IS H W A S H E R , p o rta b le , W es baghouse, I y r old, top of the line model. 6 cycles, cutting board top 
126o. 733 9446 

M attress or box springs. 127.1o 
Renovated. 924-7817 
M e d ite rra n e a n b e d ro o m tu rn ! lu r e , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . A n y ofter over 14oo 342-83o6 ofter 6 
Med, Soto and chair, $25o. Pecan tables, SISO. 655-595o 
Med style furniture, like new, long gold sofa and m a tc h in g co ffee tables-two end tables. 349-5613 

BAR G A IN S FO R Q U IC K S A LE : 
F u rn itu re and good useful hou sehold items of all kinds. See Mo ran as under Antiques Column. 
B ar Stools, M aple Colonial 135 ea or 51oo for 3, 653-1o97. 
B E A U T IF U L C H IN A , never been used. 435-9H4. 
Beautiful dining set, china cabin­ et, couch, love seat, ta b les , re trig e ro lo r, stove, bedroom sets, tw in b e d s, b u n k b e d s , c h e s t, s ecretary, m aple hutch, dinette, cookware. 826-4213 
Beautiful Wedding Gown and Veil, size 1o-12. 333-1361 

Beautiful wedding dress, ' ? price, size 1o-12. 658-6649 

B E D R O O M 
S u ite , m a tc h in g dresser, chest, h e odboor, tam p table 
Box spring s, posturpedic m attress. IO mos old. 1495 a fte r­ noons 349-7o28 
B e d ro o m s u ite , m a ttr e s s a n d s p rin g s, d re s s e r, chest, d in in g room table and buffet, re frig e ra ­ tor, breakfast table and 4 chairs, choir, washer, d ry e r, deep freeze, 
433-55o9. 

Beds, 2 twin. 2 chest of d raw ers, child's w ater skis. Also, child's desk Lady's indoor roller skates. 
684-32o6 

I Bell and H ow ell Super 8 m ovie outfit, com plete w ith p ro te c to r, 
I screen, e d ito r, splicer. 
$117 
656-2146 

D IV O R C E SALE 
Gold B rocade 
Sofa. P ure Gold Leaf and M a rb le 
Cocktail Table French End Table and Lum ps. V ic to ria n L o v es e at and Table New Sofa Tables ond 
B e n c h es . N e w B a ld w in S p in e t 
Piano. W alnut Dining Room Set, 
G lassw are, and Misc. 824-5o87. 

M o v in g out o f s to le a n tiq u e clocks, m o rb te top ta b les , m lr rors, K nicks-K nacks. M ahogany trip le d re s s e r, ro c k in g c h a irs , pictures. D rexel pine dining room set. S tereo c ab in e t. 12x14 gold w ood c a r p e t. P la n ts , b o o k s , lam ps. E v e ry th in g in e x c e lle n t condition. 826-3949.___________ 
M oving studio couch bed, lik new figurefte reducing m achine, other items. 648-o631. 

Double beds 5*o, bunk beds -M a pie 1125, 4” dark pine USO, T r u n -1 bon. 228-9853 die bed SISO, ches of d ra w e rs 
654-6263 

M O V IN G 
T H IS 
W E E K 
A N D 
W E 'R E O V E R W E IG H T 
M U S T 
S E L L ! Lg E a rly Am w ingback sofa, flo ra l p a tte rn , H 5 o . W in g ­ back cation, dk green Herculon, 
ISO. L l. b ro w n le a th e r-lo o k r e ­ cliner, 565. Alt in excellent condi- 

D o u b le D o o r C hest, E n te r ta in ­ ment Center, Stereo, Radio. Tope and phono, hoir d ryer. 655-o2o7. 

M U S T S E L L ! M oving! L a rg e rug 
H O 
B ed IS . 
B o o k c a s e s IS . 
826-7791 or com e by 
11o9 
Wiltshire. 

D o u b le m a ttre s s , box s p rin g s , fr a m e , $27. M e ta l d o o rs , to p lo u v e r e d , 
$8. 
IO in c h h ig h ] m e d ic in e c a b in e ts , m ir r o r e d ! doors, tour light fixture, 15 ea. 
653-8o4o 

D R U M S 
1976 
S lin g e r lio n d 
Chrom e. Double baas, IO piece, 
Zeldiian cym bals, 734-7o79 

NAZI D A G G E R S & U S B LA D E S 
Notionally knowd Collector, P W. 
Lefort, will be at the A lam o Gun 
Show h e ld a t th e C o n v e n tio n 
Center, M ay 28 and 29. He w ill be buying ond appraising all types of 
Nazi and U.S. blades. Be sure to come buy and see his a w a rd -w in ­ ning collection. 

Duncan Phyfe table, best o ffe r, 
684-2o17. 

Nice 2 !" sm all black and w hite console 
T V good cond. 
$5o 
I 337-879o 

P A R K IN G LOT 
SALE 
SUNDAY, MAY 22 furniture 
Antiques. Droplet)! 
Tables, 
Marble 
Washstands, 
Halltrees, ond More!!! 

"Some liem t itioi Mom wanted to tell - 
New , Used A Abused!’' 
4247 McCullough 
Carrie s Trade Mort 

4 late model Hogan Woods, 1-3-4-5. 
O rig. box, n ever been hit, HOO 
Coll otter ipm , 822-1744 
Sears 4hp m inibike, slighty used, good cond. After 4 822-1o72 

HOO 
Selm er-Bundv Flute 
684-9369. 

S ew in g m a c h in e , D O M E S T IC straight stitch E x tra s ! $4o. With cabinet, 1/o 878 4189 
Shotgun, W in c h e s te r 1o1, T ra p 
Set, I2 g a . 2 s e p a ra te b a r r e ls , 
1-32” , I 3o” O U 165o 623-314o 
S IN G E R S ew ing M a c h in e , z ig ­ zag, portable W ill m ake ideal gift. 
Sews good. Cost $169.5o, Sell tor 
$5$. 824-4879. 

Small Block Chevy P arts. 
C ALL 684-2276 
Sofa and c h a ir, 3 to b ie s , good condition $75, Swivel R ocker 13o, 
New Colonial Love Seat 2 m aple end tables, old w alnut dresser, ex. cond. 631-8812 
Sofa-Chalr $2ooset, Red Wool ug 
14o, 494-7841 aft 6 and wknds. 
Soto. Cut velvet, quid flo ra l de sign. 1171. Coffee and end table, 
$3o both 673-o997 a fte r 5. 

Sofa, 4-pc sectional. Stereo cabin­ et Block-white TV . 654-6776 
S O F A -S L E E P E R , n e v e r u s e ? . 
Cost 1249, take IM O ASS OOH; 

Sofa HOO, Swivel rocker 16o, Cof­ fee table $5o, drapes, $25, a ll in good cond 653-4665. 
Sony re e l-to -re e l tap e re c o rd e r 
(s te r e c o r d e r 2 3 o ) in c lu d in g speakers, $11$. 699-o5It 

E verything is G oing ti F u rn itu re from F is h e r’s, an tiq u e s, b u ffe t, plant stand, re frig e ra to r, stove, stereo, clothes fro m Satel's. 1149 
G orroty 

G A R A G E 
S A L E : 
4 3 )1 
V A L ­ 
LE Y F IE L D , Blk North SE Hosp., 
Thurs th ru Sot. A ntiques, g lass­ w a r e , s ilv e r w a r e , 
J e w e lr y , 
Oriental items, ladies and boys clothing 
G A R A G E S A L E ! Clothing, b ic y ­ c le s , lo ts of p la n ts . F r i-S u n . 
8om-6pm. 3119 Jane E llen 432-oo19 

G A R A G E SALE ! Thurs 
Sat 513o 
B in z -E n g le m a n n . D in in g ro o m suite, toys, bikes, rugs, a q u ariu m . 
Clothes, M U C H M O R E ! 661-7872 
G arage Sole: Th u r, F ri, Sat, Sun, baby ite m s, books, h o u s ew o re , tools and misc *826 Spring M an or. Babcock N orth 699-1545. 
G arage Sale: Sat. M a y 2lst. C hil­ dren’s clothing, baby item s, beds­ preads and linens, kitchen item s, 
3o8 M oun tain S hadow s, off W e l­ come Or. in Liveoak. 
G A R A G E S A L E : Tools, Clothes, household item s and pool tab le, misc Sat - Sun O nly. 185 Coving- ton Rd off Rigsby 
G a r a g e S a le 
M o v in g , b o b y clothes and fu rn itu re , s p o rtin g goods all sizes of clothing, toys, gam es, books a nd m a n y o th e r lies 5419 C erro V ista Sot-Sun s r " 

IO S P E E D R A L L Y , needs seat, 
$4o. Stove $3o. 732-1529 
S T E R L IN G S IL V E R 
In t e r n a ­ tio n a l's "W ild R o s e " fla tw a r e . 
E ight 8-piece p lace settings, 19 additional serving pieces, H 695. 
828 7752 

Stove, G .E . Double O ven, $125. 
341-o18o. 
Stroller, Welsh Deluxe 124. Bov's clothes 1-7, G E w arm ing dish like new $5, Pretty m a tern ity clothes 
Size 8-1o. 337 8628. 

G A R A G E S A L E 
F lo w e r w ith combs for you hoir, jew e lry , cos­ m e tics , g ifts , la d y 's a nd b o y ’s clothes, toys, m isc. item s. Saf-Sun 
9 to 7, $35o E ncanta, S ie rra North. 
65S-S7Io. 
G A R A G E S A L E : F r l-S a t. M o y 
2o-21 $52 Hum boldt 
G A R A G E S A L E : A p p lia n c e s , furniture, dishes, sporting goods, clothing. 
Sat-Sun. 
1o5 
H alvern 
435-7823 

T a p p a n gas ra n g e , $2oo. (SLE. w asher, ISO Sears re fr lg ., (ic e m a ke r). $2So. Seas 18,ooo btu a ir conditoner. used 3o days, $25o. 
696-o373 
T e ll C ity D in in g set, s olid h o r- drock m aple, 6 chairs, 2 leaves, hutch, $575. 736-5724. 

T E N T , 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
Sleeps 6. can attach to side door of 
V O L K S C A M P E R 
R E A S O N A ­ 
BLE 344-o439 

G a r a g e S a le , ta b le s , c h a ir s , g la s s w a re , m is c . d is h e s . 17o7 
Oellhoven, Thurs to Sun. 
G ara g e S ale: sofa, c h a ir. toys. bikes, books, s ew in q m a c h in e , rollaw ay, much m ore S atu rd ay, 
Sunday 5818 D onny K aye._______ 
G arage Solo; N orthside. c arpet, odds and ends, baby item s, toys, 4 balls of fu r 
1724 C in c in n ati. Sa­ turday and S U N D A Y . 

E D G E R , gas, la rg e . E x c e lle n t! 
COdition. $4o. 492-2414 
Elco model 46o OC wide bond os­ cilloscope w ith 2 probes. HOO. Call 
734-4966 

E le c tric w elder, 112o Also M id ­ land CB radio, 14o 923-7oo7 

Nikon F2S Body w ith w ais t and p ris m tin d e rs $5oo. P T N w ith 
5omm 
1.4 
1215. 
A lter 
IO am , 
623-39o8 

OAK Church Pew s, p u lp it, com table, exc cond. 
56o. eoch. 
512-865-2131. 

E xe rc y c le , run-in-place w a lk e r, baby furniture, m en' suits. 
656-4742 

Big B rass k in g s ize h e a d b o a rd , 
565. 3 piece kingsize m attress set, extra firm , never used, with wide roller steel fra m e 1148. G enerally home 684-8234. 
Block and w hite TV 2$', has some color 135. C om m ercial sandw ich w arm e r $25. 34-o382 

Black travel bag $8. Frost 14o wig, 
It. brown 17.5o. 341-2792 

B la c k -W h ite T V C onsole, ra d io ond re c o rd p la y e r , w h ite p o r ­ celain breakfast table and chairs. 
6x6 flo o r ru a . E le c tr ic s ew in g m achine antique. 735-2o66. 

F E N D E R D ual Show m an a m p ., 
8$ watts, 1195. 534 9326 
76 F E N D E R P R E C IS IO N BASS: 
Excellent 
Condition, 
$25o. 
534 9326 

FO O SB ALL 
824-6815 
FOOS B ALL Table to r sole. 12oo, good condition. 732-7941 

F o r Sale B row n V in yl Soto and 
Chair, in exc. cond. $2oo. 3 room s of L ite green Shag C o rp e t l l 75. 
U pright freezer $75. 656-636o 
Fo r sale; sofo, couch 6 mos old in excellent condition. SI75 655-o77? ofter 2pm 

B ra ss spittoons an d h a t ra c k . 
Copper pots, spurs, keys, asorted antiques and lunk. 14988 Scenic 
LOOP Rd 695-3477 

Bullet, solid wood dresser, so fa sleeper, bar stools, e a rly a m e r ­ ican living room g ro u p , fre n c h p ro v in cia l desk, v a n ity , ta b les , library desk, chest of draw ers, air conditioner, w as h e r and d ry e r, like new m a ttre s s set, fu ll o n d tw in , bunk b ed , la m p s ta b le s , chairs, and so forth. 826-o875. 
Bundy C larinet, Good condition, 
SBS 699-o612.after 5pm 

Bunkbeds, w h ite -g o ld o r m a p le sturdy 4". SISO. Trundle bed 1125, bedroom set. Houseful) 656-3288 
C a lc u la to r 
( d i g i t a l ) . C h in a . 
M ahogany d ru m ta b le. O rie n ta l h e a d b o a rd w ith n ig h t ta b le . 
Rooster oven w ith cabinet, tim er, 
Miscellaneous. 655-1797. 
C a m e r a -H a s s e lb la d , SOO c m , 
Filter, Hood. F ilm , Honeywell 882 
Strobe, with Sensor ond b a tte ry pack 226-o5o4. 
Cam ping E quipm ent. I large tent, 
2 burner stove, oven, single m an ­ tel lam p. HOO. New B raunfels; 
I 629-1343 

C a rp e tin g 
4o sa yds, L E E 'S . 
Reasonable, excellent. 344-oo72 
CB, 23 Channel, R obyn, SX-1o1, 
SWR m eter, H IO . 492-1265. 
C entral a ir conditioner, G E . Call ofter 4pm, 635-8564. 

Challenger Foot B all Table, With 
I E x tra s , $375. 671-3934 ask fo rt 
, Stoney. Between 7:3o and 4:3o. 

Clothes d ryer, 6 y r old K enm ore, heavy-duty gas, in excellent con­ d itio n . M O V IN G T H IS W E E K ! 
M U ST S E L L ! 684-6468 
Coldspot s id e-b y-sid e. fro s tle ss re frig era to r w ith ice m a ke r. Like new, $275. 822-o947 or 822-3166 

Collector Hem:, 
R a re "Bushido 
K arate M agazine from Singapore printed in English. 655-1797. 
C O LO R T V $125. BBW T V 14o. 
Call 673-8666 
I Color T V , 25” console, excellent cond., S15o. 924-3978 

F re d e ric k 26,4oo B TU , 23o volts 
$25o. 927-5827. 

F red erick, 1o,6oo B TU , 115 volts, 
$15o. 927-5827. 

Furniture-Appliances- Jew elry 
All A p p lic atio n s a p p ro v e d w ith required down paym ent. Call Im ­ perial Furn. 222-2227. 416 B rady. 
G A R A G E DO O R, com plete, H2S. 
2o G A L L O N A Q U A R IU M w ith stand, Witt exchange tor la rg e r size. 736 $659 9-12 and after 6 P .M . 
G A R A G E SALE HAIR D R Y E R S . o th e r m isc. item s. 126 L o re tta , 
Sat. and Sun. M oy 21 and 22. 

G A R A G E S ALE fu rn itu re , d in ­ ette table, law n furnitu re, 826-87o5 

Gas range, avocado, double-oven, built-in exhaust, 1295 824 8o41 

OFFICE CHASES 
.E x e cu tiv e , S ec retary , O ccasion­ al. Upholstered, vinyl and genuine lea th e r. Alf B eau tiful. O v e r 2oo c h a irs to choose fro m . P ric e d from $27.5o and up. 1131 Basse 
Rd . 733-7367, 734-3o81 

O 'K ee fe ond M e r r it G as S tove, 
G .E. R efrigerator- F re eze r, Sm all 
Single Bed 657-3528 
_____ 

O L D b e d ro o m set $15o, d r y e r good condition 155. 532-2765. 

THEATER SEATS 
825 Seats In Excellent Condition, 
H ard Back, Cushion Seats, M e ta l 
Fram e. 623-215o 
3) ion Air conditioners 
Two 3o Ton Trane A ir Condition­ ing Systems With H andling Units, includes Heating S ystem P ric e d 
For Quick Sale. 623-21 SO. 

T ra d itio n al flo ra l v e lv e t couch, m a rb le top tables a n d wood ta ­ bles, lam ps, misc. 661-3669 

Goroge Sale, adult gam es, m isc household item s, fu rn itu re , and lav a to ries , q u a lity clothing and jew elry. S aturday 9 to 5 only. 4515 
TR A ILW O O D . 
G arage Sale, 441) Diam ondhead, plants, paintings, g u ita r, dishes, m any good buys. 

G ara g e S ale: fu ll size bedroom suit, window a ir conditioner, snow skis 826-6672 or 828-78o3 

Tricycle, red, never used, 3 speed bike boys 2o" 657-1856. 

G igantic G a ra g e s ale : K ingsize b o x s p rin g -m a ttre s s , a n tiq u e s , 
Jenny Lind spool bed, tw in bed set, s m a ll k itc h e n a p p lia n c e s . 
8m m m ouser rifle , la rq e sw ivel ro c k e r, C h a n tilli s ilv e r, lin en s , dishes, re co rd s , books, clothes, wigs ond purses. S tarts T h u r-F ri 
(o ft 5) S af-S u n A ll D a y ! 4524 
Fairdale, 656-4899 

T V , p o rta b le , b la c k -w h ite , 19" have 2, $35 and 545. 433-o63o tw o b a r m ovie light $15, Schick m axi cu rler (27) H S , 341-2792 

HOUSE P L A N T ,. Hanging 8” bas­ kets 2 for $5. 25 cents for 3"-6" plants in 3” pots in a tra y . AM pots full W holesale p rice s . M ust sell 
52o worth 434-1449 

O ld er S tory and C la rk U p rig h t i 
Piono $45o or best otter. 734-4531 

2 old violins, chino cabinet, brass cash re g is te r, m ow ers, O T H E R 
IT E M S . 534-2363 . 

O verhead G arage door, 8ft W ide with track. Excell. Cond. 696-1334. 
8 pc. F re n ch P ro v in c ia l D in in g 
Room Suite, S pc. B reakfast set in pertect condition. 433-71o2. 

Philco 17" b lac k -w h ite T V , ISS, 
Indoor TV antenna $6 341-2792 
Piano. Lefter S pinner good cond, 
1615. 696-1923 Ofter 7pm__________ 
P ia n o , p e c a n w o o d c o n s o le , excellent condition, 
11,ooo. 
225 3666 

8 piece living room set, com plete or s ep a rately , coffee table w ith m a rb le too, s ofabed w ith m a t­ tre s s , s ew in g m a c h in e . Set of dishes, glosses. 344-6861. 

U P R IG H T P IA N O . $2oo 
1-786-2249 

U P R IG H T Piano w ith bench, 13oo. 
69o-1336 week do vs 9-5. 

USED R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO. 
7o7 W EST A V E ., 734-4237 

Utility traitor, 2pc sectional couch ond c h a ir 17S. A n tiq u e lo u n g e chair. 732-4874 oft 4_______________ 

V e lv e t G reen Solo, 2 m a tc h in g chairs, and one coffee table, like new. 1175. 435-1o22 call anytim e. 
V ictor E ngraving Block, lea th e r pod ond attachm ents. 658-9198 
W A N T E D : F e e d g r in d e r o n d m ixer, also cattle seif-teeder 
651-6919. 

Kirby vacuum , a re a rug, toys and c h ild re n s clo th es, o th e r ite m s , 
6843 
Forest 
M eadow , 
(Leon 
Valley). 
Moving Sale: T y p ica l household items, m ony under 
SIO 
H 5 
Colgote 

W A N T E D 
J IM 
B E A M A N D 
W IL D 
T U R K E Y 
B O T T L E S . 
I *84-5o35 

Pistols ond reloading equipm ent. 
Coll 655-7o41 otter 5pm 

W a n te d : J im B e a m a n d W ild 
Turkey liquor bottles. By collec­ tor. Chino only. 341-174o. 

Pool table and accessories, full size, excell. cond. HOO. 674-5284. 

W onted; Law nm ow ers in Need of 
Repair. 822-1877 

G E D is h w a s h e r, p o rta b le , 16o. 
Call 657-4248.___________________ 
G E R e frig e ra to r, $7o, gas stove 
$3o, kitchen table HO, 5 g al. bu­ tane tank. 826-1674. 
G irls and young ladies clothing sweaters, etc. Some never w orn, 
5oc eg 8o15 B riariqge 344 8oo* 
G o -K a r t s id e w in d e r f r a m e , 
M cCullough m otor, belt s ta rte r. 
5275 Call 633-2324._________________ 
G olden tw eed C o lo nia l m d e ab ea 
$35. Call 732-3947. 

P ricillio Wedding Dress and Veil. 
Size 7-8 HOO. 494-6492. 

W A N T E D 
TO 
B U Y , c o r n e r grouping set, reasonable 333-2191 

O u e e n s iz e M a ttr e s s a n d B ox 
Springs 
Clean 
$58 
Set 
Cosh 
434-6673. 
Recliner, Vinyl Brown Good Con­ dition. 54o 633-o727. 

W A R E H O U S E 
S A L E : 
M A Y 
26-29th, lO-6pm, C arpet, R em nan t 
M is c . T o o ls , E le c tr ic a l P o rts , 
Flags and 
Poles 
Etc. 
3o56 
Stafford. 

Reduced dam aged 12x32, Cottage free del. term s. 732-S1Z1 

W asher D ry e r ond R e frig e ra to r 
AM 
W orking 
Condition 
Call 
532-173o 
W a s h e r, S ea rs K e n m o re , $9o7 
Sears dryer, $75. 349-222o 

Golf Balls Good Used Top Brands 
Bags of 5o tor $6.oo 492-25o3. 
G olf Clubs, 1976 J e rry B a rb e r, 
Pro Line, Irons 2 thru W edge, 4 
Woods, R egular Shafts, Like N ew , 
Plus Bag $325. 684-52o3. B efore 
3pm, or 696-oo99 after 3pm 
G O LF CLUBS like new, Spalding, 
3 woods, 4 irons, putter, new bog, 
17o, 673-8698 j 
G u ita r, V e n tu ra , 6 s trin g w ith I case, USO or best offer 828-S958. 

Ref. 18 co ft, G E. frost fre e ol- most new best offer 342-44o9 
R e frig e ra to r, stove, b ro w n , a i r ___________________________________ cond Lots of furnitu re, M ust sell j W A T E R 
S O F T E N E R , 
S e a rs 

W ater bed heater and liner, brand new in box, 125. 822 )74o 

834 E rie CA7-554? 
R e frig e ra to r, Coldspot c o p p er- tone, frost-free, 17o. 433-o687 

Model 
3oE. 
653-5o16. 
Like new. 
USO. 

W edding dress ond v e il, size 9. 
Scuba tonk with extras. VW b icy ­ cle carrier. 658-3978 
R e frig e ra to r, tro s t-fre e . S tove, gas, 4-burner. Good condition. $35 
____ ________________ eo. 828-8566_______________________ 
White K enm ore double oven gas 
R e fr ig e r a to r , a v o c a d o 2 -d o o r, range, excellent 1165 922-9138 

G U IT A R , Y a m a h a , used 2 m os. with case, 17o 494-5739 
H and carv ed Spanish desk w ith c hoir, 6' tong, only 125o. Ita lia n 
Q u ee n gold s p re a d H S . S a tin 
Queen gold spread HO. H ig h ch air 
$5. Call 492-1318 

 very good cond. 333-3478 eves. 
R e fr ig e r a to r -S e a r s w ith ice m aker, excellent condition. Cop- pertone. 52oo. 654-1158 
R e fr ig e r a to r -S e a r s w ith ic e m aker, excellent condition. Cop­ perton $2oo. 654-1158. 

W urlitzer spinet piano 5 years old, m int condition needs tuned. $6oo 
Colt ofter 6 P.M . 341 o239._________ 

9x12 Oval B raided rug like new, brown and gold $3o. 673-5o52 

12o Y ds. gold c a r p e t, in good shape. 828-1191 for appointm ent. 

C olor T V , 25' Console, e xc elle n t] condition, H5o. 824-2844. 
Color TV , M otorola, 23", recondi- i honed, HOO. 924-o796______________ 
COLOR TV P ortable $125. BW TV 
137.5o. 733-o76? 
COLOR TV 23' RCA, new picture tube, $125 924-o796 
_________ 
COLOR T V., RCA 19" P ort , per j lect cond 1145. Phone 333-7827 

Color TV , RCA, 21" 
$1oo______________________ 674-826? i 

C o m m e rcia l E le c tric Foos B o ll; 
Table, $195. Fender E lectric Gut- i ta r W ith C ase, $65. S ilv e rto n e 
E le c tric G u ita r,$3o, M o te B M X 
Race Pants, $8 
J r. W a te r Skis, ] 
SIO,J r. Golf Clubs, $5o. Black and 
W hite 21" Cabinet TV , $35 
M in i; 
B ik e 
B u m p e r 
C a r r ie r s 
125, 
824-3453. . j 
Com plete dark oak bedroom suite . 
$275. Atter 4pm 341-2o9$ 

Com plete Set of Strool- a- c h air 
Baby Fu rn itu re $75. 657-3531 otter 
4 
Coppertonc Stove, K enm ore 3o i Coppertone re frig era to r 19 cu ft. 
8,ooo BTU A ir Conditioner atter 5 
658-9749 all day sat ond sun. i Couch, $45. Clothes, cheap. Patio ham m ock, $12. 534-3o53 
; Couches, Two $8o each. Tables, 
.T w o , H S ond 17. 
P r o te c t o r 
Screen, 
HO. 
Cot, 
Wood 
SIO. 
696-o738. 
C ouch: T r a d itio n a l, lik e new , beaut cost 189S lake $14o *55-oo87 

Cut Glass Sale and table Cloth 
Cosh Only. 349-7321. 

H e av y duty P u n ic ta b le s , *75. 
Steel fan shaped basketball back board, HOO. Fiberglass pool slide. 
1125. 341-4332.______________________j 
'77 Honeycom b irons, 2-W $175. j 
Assorted woods, irons 732-1958 
H o s p ita l B ed $2$. T w in B ox ; 
Springs 515 735-o29o otter 5 
H o s p ita l bed, c ra n k ty p e , $3o. i 
New bedroom suite. $125. 534-9818 

Household goods for sale due to overseas m ove! W asher, d ry e r, r e fr ig e r a to r , fr e e z e r , T V . b e ­ droom set, dinette, ele c trica l op- pliances, ETC 494 1879___________ 

31 ;hp m otor, twin iron bed steads, j other items. 822-7o32.______________ 1 
Iron Bed, very old $45. good con 
Oilton, otter 6 653-7112. 

Kenm ore Heavy duty gas d ry er, ly r old, 116o. 344-89o9______________; 

K e n m o re p o ta b le d is h w a s h e r, kitchen table with six chairs, sofa bed with m atching choir. 657-1846 
K IL N , 24” wide. Cost, 555o Sell, 
$425. A u to m a tic t im e r -s e tt e r , c o m p le te fu r n is h in g s . 
N e w . 
828-3331 349-3338 Ask for Pot 

Revere 8m m c am e ra. Telephoto lens $35 light m eter HO 341-2792 
R ic h a r d 
D 
W y c k o ff, b io g ra m m e d le a r n in g c o u rs e in s to c k m a rk e t science an d te c h ­ nique Three volum es and tapes cost 
$7oo wilt sell 
Fo r 
$3oo. 
653-7514. 

SALE 

MCDONALD’S 

TIK Clearance Center for 
Due el America’s Largest 

Furniture Leasing Cn’s 
"W e Rented it First, 
So we con sell it for less." 
Lamps 
................... 
Tables ..................... 
Headboards .......... 
Chairs ..................... 
Matress Sets ........ 
Dinettes ................. 
Dressers ............... 
Sofas ....................... 

 l y r . H e rc u lo n p la id s o fa a n d loveseat $3oo. like new , 6 c h a ir dinette set SSO. 653-2263 a tte r 5. 

929 -CAMBE SALES 

BIG G arage Sale, plants, clothes, lots of odds and ends, plus elec­ tr ic a l m a te r ia ls . R e c e p tio n s , switches, light fixures, 7 antique pole crm s and lights, 2 I,OOO w att 
Mood tights, 139 G reen Hill Pass, off Vance Jackson. 

Big P orch Sale: 5o9 E . E u c lid 
B e d ro o m s u ite , c o u c h , b a b y things, toys, misc. Starts Wed. 

O lm os P a rk G a r a g e S a le ; 93S 
Contour D r. East. Sat-Sun 9-6pm gas r a n g e , m a p le b o o k c a s e , headboard, m ahogany bed set, I sofa b e d s , IO O " s o fa . to b ie s , chairs, hundreds of ladies cloth­ ing 8-1o-12, girls shoes and cloth­ ing 4x-12 a n tiq u e p h o n e s e t, worlds m ore priced to sell. 
824 6478.___________________________ 
R E F U R N IS H IN G : S aturday and 
Sunday I to 5pm . M a g n ific ie n t a n tiq u e w a ln u t a r m o ir e , $35o firm . 4 Ita lia n P ro v in c ia l liv in a room chairs, 53o eo. N ice 4-peice rattan sectonionol: chaus, coffee ta b le. 525o, c le a n . A n tiq u e oak a nd m a h o g a n y o ff ic e e x e c c h a in . E a rly A m e ric a n . H id e-a­ bed and ro c k e r, lik e new 5245 
Other items. 826-74o1 
621o Robin F o re st, C a m e lo t ll, 
Thurs. Only 5 fam ilies 

S at.-S u n . 9 a m . c lo th e s , b ric -o - broc, toys, m isc. 62o3 R ue Sophie 
Shuk-ja is having a g a rag e sale 
Friday, M ay 2o. Plants and stuff. 
75o6 Standing O ak, Live Oak 
S tove, $3S; o th e r g a r a g e s ale 
Items. 1538 W. Olmos, 734-3896. 
Y A R D S A L E : S a t-S u n T y p e w ­ riter, baby thing, m isc. 3847 S. 
Walters. 

93o MERCHANDISE WANKO 

Antiques. Appliances. F u rn itu re 

WE PAY MORE 
Estates, Anything of V alu e...fro m one piece to houseful. C all: 
342-475$ A nytim e 
Est. 1949 
Buying late model re frig e ra to rs , freezers needing re p a ir. 341 1865 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, T ra d e. R epair 
5322 SAN P E D R O 
828-2327 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 22 1 9 7 7 

*7o 
S e o r a v l l ’ w ith 
C a b in , im m aculate Condition, V ery Low 
H r Dept Finder, CB Radio, T rim 
Level, 455 Olds V-8 w ith Berkeiv 
Jet D rive, W alk A round Tandem w ith tilt, R e a d y to go. A ll F o r 
1475o 341-2o39 or Coll J im m y of 

M M M 
‘76 V-173 Glostron B ayttite HShp 
E v in ru o e 
P o w e r tr im ond tilt, less th a n 12 h o u r s . C u s to m drtve-on tro lle r and m any other extras. 14695 688-3123 927-3ooo 
Wooster Hellion Funboat Seats 2. 
54oo or best otter. 494-6296_______ 

8o6 SPORTING GOODS 

For Sate Rifles and 
6*4-1113. 
S A Colts 

New Fargo Golf c art. W inchester 
Golden Spike R ifle . Y ouths sad­ dle. 6oM 877___________________ 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
I GRAND 
* OPENING 
I May 21 
Tc Peddler’s Corner 
* 2229 Blanco Rd. 

A A 
A n tig o and Utad furniture 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
; 

Over IMO Guns to Choose F rom 
B U Y S E L L — T R A D E 
A m erican Loan, 227-8572 
S AND W M 29, 8 and »» blue, $45o. 
Also M-S3-.22 J E T , 8 and 3 eighths blue, m int, $365. C all 1-773-8367 after lp m 
_________ 
We Pay Cash for rifles, shotguns and pistols 736-1796 

HUNTING A FISHING 

IOO acres, bluff creek ranch, good h u n tin g , b ig d e e r , o ld in d ia n hunting m ecca, call for in fo rm a ­ tion 734-9363 
2oo acres hunting country, $99.5o per ocre, 2o y e a r financing, with 
5% down p a ym e n t, 7*4% sim ple interest. O w ner financed, call for inform ation 734-7964 
SO o cres on fe n c e line of lo rg e ranch Why lease it is cheaper to own your own land, 1124o down paym ent. $193 o? per m onth, will accom m odate 2 to 3 hunters, big H M M H H H H H H H H H H I deer, tu rk e y ,! io v e lin a . Call fo rj -74 A R T C R A F T , 1 4x 7o appointm ent 734-9598 

81o - MBBm M M B MLf i t i m 
M l w u m 
) ll? J H P NW -S mciis till T O S S (QUIPMfllL 

{ATTENTION! 

DUE TO DAYLIGHT 
SAVING TIME. WE’RE 
OPEN TILL 
8:oo P.M. 
COME & SEE US!!! 

Looking for o m obile home? M ust; sell 1971 Buddy 12x64, com pletely | recarpeted, 2 bedroom , I ' i both,; good s h ap e fu rn is h e d 
1*ooo 
628-1728 or 628-1484 
________ 
1971 M o b ile H om e 14x56. S em i-; furnished, 1,/i baths, 3 bedroom 
Coll 696-8566 Otter 5 3o_________ __! 

1972 M obile H om e, 14x78, 3-2, 8 '. c e ilin g s, o v e rh e a d v en ts. 12ooo; equity, take up p a y m e n ts ,; 
649-1316.___________________________ : 
M U S T S E L L B Y J U N E IST 
14 x 7 o ', 3 b e d ro o m s . M a s o n ite ! siding- I4 ’x7o‘, 2 bedroom s w ith 

It F IR S T M O N T H F R E E It 
L A R G E S H A D E D LOTS 
G E M B L E R RD T R A IL E R PK 
1o)1 G E M B L E R RD- 333-1863 
N E , S h a d y A c re s T r o lle r Pk fenced, store room , trees, $37.5o. 
N ear W indsor Pk. M a ll. 826-8766. 

Ice cream m achine, fry e r, m ixer, ice m c ke r, bake oven. re frig era - 
^ tor, Used 733-129? 
_ * ■ % 
Like New, B runing Blueprint M a­ chine, M o d el PO 8o 4 H prints, used 4? hrs $17oo. Call M r. Luna 
736-o319. 
_ _ _ _ _ 
AAA i i A n n i 
N C R c as h r e g is te r , 4 d ig its . 
281 NORTH stamps tickets, 165o. Refrigerated 
A creag e h " ™ " .t e w it h c e n tra l oie c °s e ^ $ *o 
P°»Oto sheer, $25. w ater system Just 1$ m in from B r sod w arm e r, $5o. 
41o. 
13ooo HOO down - and $31 41; 4YY-154o 
„ per month for 
144 months OI 8 °..i 
NCR 499 M IN I C O M P U T E R , ma- 
J C H O R TO N . B R O K E R 342 1 8o8 or 494-3419 trix P rin ter with payroll ond gen­ e ra l led g er s o ftw a re. I yr old liv in g ro o m a n d den 
A lso f ir e - i Northwest, 5oX1oo lots, free m ove! E x c e lle n t over 

& MODULAR 
’ 
3oo4 S. W. 
MILITARY DR. 
SAN ANTONIO 
922-18oo 
* RIGHT ACROSS 
FROM CHURCH’S 
FRIED CHICKEN! * 

 ploce. 14’x52‘, 2 bedroom s P rices! reduced. M oke on otter. 658-2811 i 
N E W 1977, 14X6o 
1925o. W ill finance 655-o471 
, 
O W N E R S E L L IN G beautiful 1976 
L a n ce r. 72x14, tw o bedroom s. 2 baths. H ouse ty p e c e n fro l a ir ,; washer, d ry e r, dishw asher, 41x9 patio cover, etc. Set up in a d u lt; section of nice p a rk. Reasonable 
924-4231 Or 333-4899_______________ 
1972 Suburban. 12x48 Furnished. 
2 bedroom s, centra! heat and a ir 
$6oo e q u ity a n d a s s u m e 1122 monthly paym ent. 626-2898_______ . 
1973 Tow n& C ountry, 14X52, 2 be d ro o m , w a s h e r , d r y e r , d is h w a s h e r, d is p o s a l, c e n tr a l a ir - ! h e a t. S k ir t. P o rc h . F in a n c in g ! a vailable. 681-o566. 
; 

 to qualified renter, 684-9851-M 

Quiet Shady Spaces 
Please No c h ild re n 
Please No O vernighters 
Only Qu*et Contained Pete 
Seven Spaces Rem aining 
Dun Rovin, 7oo9 S. Flores 
923-8877 or 344-5615 

 rem aining lease. 226-5S26 
2 s h o w c a s e s fo r s o le 
C o ll 
224-4461, ask for T e d ._________ _ 
T a b le s , C h o ir s , d e e p f r v e r s , freezer, d is h w o s h ^ tc _ 4 ^ 7 S t2 ^ . 

Qfin BUILDING MATERIALS 

U S E D -R E P O 'D M O B IL E H O M E S 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 
S.W. M IL IT A R Y 
922 o54o 

Am erican M obile & M odular 
H O M E S IN SAN A N T O N IO , Inc 
922-7191 
922-o441 

DILLEY OIL FIELD 
B uy 7o a c, h u n t 4oo a c, q u a il, dove, l-16ths m in $625 I 334-3591. 

2 be d ro o m , d is h w a s h e r , w a s h e r , dryer. W et bor. Must sell, m oving. 
L o c a te d In G r e e n tr e e V illa g e 
P ark, 656 *478 

F a m ily h u n tin g , fis h in g a n d c a m p in g le a s e s to r th e e n tire fam ily 512-691-12o6 
For sale, portable elevator deer b lin d s , a ls o to w e r b lin d s a n d ground blinds. C all G a rz a W eld­ ing Service, 627 9oo6, 923-2918 (a tt 
6) 
■ 
J E E P 
CJ-5, '66 v-6 running good but needs some w ork. $5oo F irm 
349-7584, 677-813o 
'75 Jeep Renegade 3o4, excellent cond, low m ile s , e x tra s . $4995 
492 2114. 684-o773 atte r 6 pm 

P o rta b le In s u la te d D e e r B lind 
66o Call 656-3181. 

R E D DOG C H A R T E R S 
P o rt M a n s field , 7858o. 944-22o2, 
N ight F ish in g B a rg e O ff S hore ond Diving pa rties 
W a n te d : S o u th T e x a s h o n in g lense. 512-629-1138 o tter S:3o pm 

818 MOBILE HOMES SALE 

A s s u m e n o te on 1974 L a n c e r 
H o m e , u n tu rn . 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 bath, kitchen, living room , central a ir-h e a t. N eed e q u ity of 51,ooo m onthly pym ts of $184. Serious inquires only, call 828-oo59 or see home a t 1756 Austin Hw y Lot No. 
141. 

W A N T E D !!! 
U S E O M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H -FA S T S E R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 924 4231 

W A N T E D ! s m a ll used M o b ile home, Cash. 222-9188 

W E T A K E T R A D E IN S , WE 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L: M A X 
924 4225 
14x6o 2 b d rm . A r tc r a ft M o b ile home, excellent, 
822-795o afte r 
4:3o 
12x6o, 2 bedroom m obile hom e. 
$52oo Call 622-3296 a tte r $ 
12x55 2 bedroom , w indow a ir unit. 
655-8747; 658-5437 

SALE! 
ONLY $16.27 MO. 

W hy p a y re n t? B uy y o u r ow n homesite in this resort like mobile home com m unity. P aved streets, c ity ty p e u tilitie s , b o a t docks, p ie r, club house, b ig s w im m in g pool. On Lake Dunlap near New 
Braunfels, 25 m inutes drive from 
S A. it4 9 5 . lot; 1155 cosh down, 
H34o balance ow ner financed, 8% 
A P R . In te res t. P a y a b le 12o mo. 
P a y m e n ts of 
1 1 6 .2 7 , 
T o ta l deferred p rice 11952.4o can p re ­ pay balance without penalty. 

RIVER BEND R EALTY 
(Take IH-3S Lake M cQ ueeney exit in New B raunfels) 
1-625-9417 

I 
I m f m f 
*.•' t * 

 p f 

 r * rn* sr* 

£ 
£ 

W indsor P a rk , N E a re a , m obile home space for rent. 656-6571. 

9o1 • BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

3 bedroom , bath 14x7o. C e n tra l heat, air.. C arpet, G E w asher and d ry er, to rn or unfu rn . 658-o571; 
658-o115 eves 

14x7o K irk w o o d M o b ile H o m e , 
S127-mo. pm ts., w as h e r-d ry e r, 3 b drm s, I 1 j boths 698-12o? oft 4:3o 

1972, 3 bedroom , 12x65, ] ] 4bath, e xtra clean. 
J & R M O B IL E H O M E S 
114oo IH35 at W eidner Rd. exit. 
655-o471 
■71 2 bedroom 12x56. 149oo or best offer 648 2351 eves, weekends. 
B e ry ls M obile Hom e Center 
N E W and USED-651-696! 
16513 IH 35 N O R TH (S elm a E x it) 

CASH 
FO R U S E O M O B IL E H O M E S 
655-o471 
651-6356 
F in e m o b ile H o m e , 72x14. f u r ­ nished, look at new one 113,5oo up 
•» t i A ,- ... s ir t-c . 
This one 19,ooo. 3-2, n e ar P earsall, rn m h in a ri ^ 
I J,? a . , a ~ ; 
,rom hunting lease. You m ove it c o m b in e d . F e n c e d . A ir , 4 m i. joaa south of 
M a rio n . 
112,ooo.1 
------------------- ------------------------- 
I 42o-2835__________________________ i 
A D D A -R O O M , C u s to m B u ilt, 
Size. D elivery T erm s. 923-4346 
J & R MOBILE HOMES 
New -used, 114oo IH 35N. 655-o471 

812 Mobile Homo-Spaces 

•» Acre M obil Hom e Lot, butane tank furnished , $55. >4 A cre lot, 
535. 658-166o, 674-8547. 
A dult and F a m ily section, club house w ith sw im m ing pool. Paved s tre e ts , u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la rg e lo ts, no pets, b e st m a in - tainted p a rk in town, on S E. M ili- trov D r. west of IH37, across from 

BA R G A IN S 
Money M a k e r com puterized elec­ tro n ic ten n is or h ockey 25-cent coin m achine, new condition 
54 
R e s ta u ra n t C h a irs . 14 3 o "x 3 o " walnut form ica pedestal tables. 23 
- 24"x24" red and w hite plaid tor m ica pedestal tables. 223-1523. 
8 com m ercial singer sewing m a ­ chine, clothing cutting tables, ta ­ bles with cloth m easuing devices, tables for fa b ric bolts, com pres­ s o r, ta n k to p s , n o s e s , p a in t shakers, paint, jacks, tool boxes, cold drink boxes 224 6661 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 
Another Fine 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

AC M E L U M B E R & S U P PLY 
1oo1 Austin St , 226-1437 
■, J F 
U niversal City, 658-6331 
«■ f 

■ A 
A LA M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

C edar Siding, No. 2 ond better, 8" and IO” w id e, 15c and 2oc L F „ 
M ore Fencing coming. 1-42o-2786. 

Brooks Field, Indian Hills M obile; D raftsm an's”'ta b le" 4 x 7 6 ft' i i " 
Home P ark 333-o83o u ro rrs m a n s m a le , s x iu n , s i 

ALMOST AN ACRE! 
Mobile home site. P ickup 4 back paym ents of $32 each and ta k e over balance. HB G IN C . 494-3419 or 342-18o8 

 high, good price. 226-8591 

LEPPARD LUMBER 
Cedar IO” Lap n'G ap Siding, 39c, new screen doors, $12.5o; Solid 
Core Doors, $19.95 Used Windows and Doors. 31o3 W. Com m erce 
F ive 4ft gondola sections w ith 4 ends 349-9511 or 659-1857 

E ve ry other month F R E E for one y ea r! Only (4 ) lots on this Special 
B U C K IN G H A M V IL L A G E 
______________658-2811______________ 

M O B IL E H O M E P A R K LOTS 
$45 mo. P H A a p p ro ve d , Judson 
Ind. Schools 658-oo22; 658-1326. 

F or A LL N E W and U S E D Kitchen 
E quipm ent and Supplies. See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co. 
19oo San Pedro 
733-o931 

F R E E Z E R F r ie d r ic h 4 -d o o r 
Model 
MF4-125o. or best offer 
342-1962 

4 GAS S T E A M R A D IA T O R S , sui table for com m ercial use, opera­ ble, in good cond. 226-8591. 

With A Want Ad. 

It's smart, profitable 

 and so easy. 
Call now 

 for an Ad 
225-1666 X 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS t t p u i f E D I R E C T O R Y 
~ 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL X 
S 
S 
- T 
6 
6 
6 

ADDITIO NS 
ADDITIONS 
C A R PEN TR Y 

CASH tor your Used Piano 
224-711) or 224-11o2 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A IR 
S E R V IC E . C A L L 684-4972. 
A H om eow ner's c arp en ter, decks, sh elv es , a d d itio n s , fa ir p ric e s 
826-3933, 826-o236 tree est 

HAULING & M OVING 

A -l H a u lin g a n d m o v in g w ith pickup truck. 
Also y a rd work 
673-5669. 

C LE A N U P , H A U L IN G , Call H ar- vey 225-2853, 225-9315. 

A il types c a rp e n try w o rk 
Also ro o fin g , p a in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n i guaranteed. No Job Too Sm all. 
1656-SS73. 
-■ 
I All Types of R e m o d e lin g , G u a r- i anteed 
W ork. 
Lie 
349-1663 I ii Rodney. 
B A T H R O O M re p a ir , p a n e lin g , [ i general c arp en try. 924-3o51 

H A U L IN G AND D U M P I N G 
H ave 2 '?ton trucks. 533-1142 
___ 
L ite M o vin g . D ay N ig h t. T r ts h 
H a u lin g . S c r a p M e ta l h a u le d a w ay tre e. 923-4411, 

LOW Prices- F ree E stim ates. A l­ so C arpen try and concrete. Call 
435-1oo2. 

STONE FRONT 
BRICK — ARTIFICIAL— NATURAL 
ALSO FIREPLACES 
*439 
OO 

IOO Sq. Ft. 
MINIM UM 
JOB 

ALCOA ALUMINUM SIDING.. s149oo 

LIFETIME ALUMINUM ROOFING. 
FREE ESTIMATES 

[brow a w a y your old lea k y w indow & w e w ill install our new le a v y duty alum inum m ode to order w indow s for brick and fram e houses — new screens included. 
VINYL SIDING 
4o YEAR GUARANTEE 
AGAINST HAIL DAM AGE 
WHY PAY MORE? 
Add-A-Room-Batb-D(en-G arages 

THIS W EEK’S SPECIAL! 
1ox12 ROOM ADDITION 
$1995 
1ox2o DEN ......................... $32oo 
2ox2o GARAGE.................... $2295 
7x12 BATHROOM (COMPLETE) 
$1995 
H ox2o WOOD PATIO OR CARPORT (w CONCRETE PLOOR) 
$ 1195 ! 

FREE ESTIMATES — NO DOW N 
ADD-A-ROOM CO. 

4 3 3 - 2 5 7 4 
ED MENDEZ 
3o22 W. COMMERCE 
GEN. CONTRACTOR 
SAN AN TO NIO , TEX. 

Room A dditions, house levelin g and foun dation r e p a ir, ro o fin g , 
In t-e x t p a in tin g , R e a s o n a b le , 
F R E E Est. 227-6916 Ask for M ike 

CARPET SALES & 
SERVICE 

M O V IN G 
Com m -H om e-Apf Specialist f piece or houseful 
D A Y or N IT E 
*56-57o5 

PA IN TIN G 

P a in tin g E x te r io r and in te l plus m inor rep airs. Light hcA/1 tre e est. re as o n a b le w ork g u a r* anteed. 661-227? 
P ain in g -R em o d e lin g -R o o fin g ' 
226-748o 

P E R E Z A SONS P A IN T IN G 
In te rio r 
-E x te rio r. 
F re e 
Es 
433-o941. 
P R O F E S S IO N A L P A IN T E R 
, 
Regs. F ree E stim ates! 735-1152.. 
S aint s P ain tin g . In t-E x t. P a in t-V ing-Gen. R epairs 654-o477 Morn 

M O V IN G - D E L IV E R Y S E R V IC E 
18Ft. Truck 628-1385 

W IL L DO L IG H T H A U L IN G 
C A L L 696-2o97 

HOME IM PR O VEM EN TS 
M A IN TEN A N C E 

PLU M B IN G 

A L L P lu m b in g R e p a ir s and, 
R e m o d e lin g . 
7 
D a y w e e k . 
435-4316. Fre e Est 

PLU M B IN G 

7 lw i!T c ? e a !rf!7 ^ a n < n fir ^ n T ^ 
122.5o, 9xt2 loose rugs steam or shampoo HO.SO 227-1986, 225-83o3. 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924-1o58 or 226-8246 

CERAMICS & 
CERAM IC T IL E 

C e ra m ic T ile and P lu m b in g in­ stallation a 
Specialty. 
Call 
734-5412 

BABYSITTING 
CHILDCARE 

 r 

MILDEW REMOVAL requires 2oGo lbs water pressure— 
WE HAVE IT 
Also oil ond rust from driveways 
FREE ESTIMATES 
LOCKE INDUSTRIES 
653-4561 J 

A M a s ter P lu m b er. R e p a irs and 
Rem odeling. Call R ichard. 
732 5616 or 435-6669 
DO YO U N E E D A P L U M B E R ? ”* 
Reliable-Bonded 822-J544 
** 

Hernandez P lum bing All kinds o t l p lu m b in g r e p a ir s ! N e w c o n s f!^ 
Reas Prices 337-6582 

K A H N P L U M B IN G CO. R e p a ir s ^ 
R e m o d e iin g -N e w C o n s tr u c tio n " 
F ree Estim ates. 684-2138 

P L U M B E R , R eas o n a b le, In s ta ll^ lotion, 
F R E E 
227-3oo5 
Est. 
A. 
G arcia 

P lu m b in g R e p a irs , re m o d e lin g ; additions, 
434-4489. 
Reas. 
F re e 
Est, 

' 

C hildcare in m y home, hot m eals. 
M rs Velasquez 433-1o95 
Cuitio ninos en m i casa, comidos caiientes. 
Sra. 
Velasquez. 
4331o95. 
L ie . B a b y s ittin g in m y h o m e , a n y tim e - a n y age. R e as . U n iv . 
City and Liveoak area. 658-2176. 

Joe M e n d e z P a in t e r , ta p in g - flo a te r, p a p e r h a n g e r, te x tu re . 
Free E stim ates. 435-2778 

JANITO RIAL SERVICE 

R e g is te r e d c h ild c a r e in m y home, Glen a rea , 655-7619. 

H om e C leaning S erv ice s: clean carpets-w indow s-wax-buff. 
653-7431 

W e 
A n s w e r y o u r c a ll fa set 
S e w e rs , le a k y fa u c e ts , w a ie H # heaters any type re p a ir or new ’ installation. Texas P lum bing Co.A 
In c. 41o & B ro a d w a y . C all a n y ­ tim e. 826-9582 

ROOFING 

Registered, any age, nights only. 
O ff C a lla g h a n or In g ra m Rd. 5 days 435-6914 
KITCHEN CABINETS 

Registered ond E xperienced 
C hildcare in m y home 
736-299o 

How About a New K itc h e n ! O r 
Refinish your present one! Free 
Estim ates. 534-8846 A nytim e! 

DIRT-SAND-GR A VEL 
FILL-TO PSO IL 
LAWN CARE 

AAA G rade, Topsoil, Caliche, Etc. 
115.5o-Up 333-oo78 A n ytim e! 
A. B arron. All Types D irt-S a n a - 
G ravel. Y e a r Round Del. 435-6157. 

D IA M O N D S 
W illiam s, 227 87o2, 15o E.Houston 

IU BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N 'T E A T !!! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-26oo or 633-o34o 

R e lia b le C a r p e n te r s , E x p e r t w o r k m a n s h ip 
A d d itio n s - 
R em odeling- C o n c re te 432-3632, 
43Aoo97 oft. 6_______ ______________ 

REMODELING 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 

All types d irt, sand, g ro v el, Jim 
Longford, Northside, 342-244o 
A L L types dirt-sand-grovel. 7 Day 
D elivery S32-191o. 
D ir t - T o p s o il- S a n d - G r a v e l- 
Loam . 
Ray 
H endrix. 
D elivered 
341-2449 

Complete Law n Service. Ft. Sam 
Area. 226-777o or 675 o729. 

C H R O O F IN G C a 
^ 
We do the job right the firs t tim e !!. 
N ew roofs - ro o f r e p a irs of afFY types. Fre e Est. 655-1o39________ * 

C la r k 's R o o fin g - Rem odeling^*'* 
F ree E stim ates 824-1532_______ ^ 
G r a v e l- S h in g le . R e p la c e ofa. 
Repair. Stop leaks. Call 333 1oo5 rn 

SEWING M ACHINE 
REPA! RS-S ER VICE 

LAWN MOWER REPAIR 

E xp e rt Sewing M achine R epair 
F ree In-Shop E stim ates 
3523 West Ave., 344-9671 

L A W N M O W E R R epair and Small 
Engines. 
F R E E 
Estim ates 
922-8661 

TR EE SERVICE 

 e k - 

Mc M will Pay Cesti: 
C D S LUMBER 
For F u r n itu r e a nd A p p lia n c e s I p n r i Y r u r i T 

] C lothes: s h irts , d re s s e s , p a n t 
I suits, slacks. Few elec. item s in 
1 need of repair. Few dishes. Sc to 
; 52.oo, 23o Avant. W ed-M on. M ay 
18-23. Ioam -7pm 

. SS 
$5 
S12 
$19 
$33 
$39 
$59 
$69 

C lo th in g , g ir l s 7 -1 2, N o re lc o r a z o r , m e n ’ s, $17. E le c . c an opener, $6. Stuffed toys. 655-1865 

K in g s iz e b e d , $65. 6 -p ie c e b e ­ droom set, 12oo. 6-piece bedroom set, $15o. 3o in. gas ra n g e, new c o n d itio n , $9o. 4 v e r y o r n a te w rought iron rocking chairs, $3o ea. 2 bolts of brocade to r drapes or upholstering, It.5 o yd. M a n y j m ore household item s. 435 Club 
Dr. 734-86*4. 

MCDONALDS’S 

K in g s iz e b e d , c o m p le te , $4o. 
Dresser, $2o 341-4973 

4742 Dodge Street 
656-6o55 
Mon.-Sat., 9 to 5 
M asterC harge-B ankA m ericard 
Starlife Terrace exit off IH 
35, cross under IH35, left to 
Whirlwind, left on Ball. 

K IN G S IZE H E A D B O A R D solid pine $125 Perfect cond *55 7458 

K in g s ize m a ttre s s , b o x s p rin g , 
1125 681-o828 afer 4pm 

Samsonite luggage, todies 3 piece w hite m atch ed set, good co n d i­ tion, all 558 434-34o1. 

, Culler and H a m m er b re ak er box 
:and panel, 15 am p b reakers, 145. 
Coll 656-318). 
_________________ 

Yashica m at E M tw in lens reflex cam era, 2'«m ch fo rm a t, c arry in g ; case; P re m ie r toto p rin t d ry e r, I single side, like new. 453-236o. 

King size w a te r bed and fra m e w ith th e rm o s ta t 
One y e a r old 
12oo. Inquire 225-7111_____________ 

S EA R S console 2 1in colo r T V , j 
M editerranean cabinet. E xcellent condition, new picture tube, USS. 
342-5814. 

Sandbox W ater Bed Queen Size, * mos aid. O rig inally $85 now 125 
225-4833. 
S and W M odel 29. 44 m agnum , 
4-inch blue, in case, n ever fired. 
$375. 496-8875_____________________ 

Sears 2S" Color TV . Best O ffe r, 
Good Condition. 699-1o5o. 

C o m p le te B e a u ty Shop E q u ip ­ m ent, w a rd ro b e b e v e l m ir r o r , chest of draw ers, wooden radio, double oven stove, w a s h e r and dryer, re frig erato r, electric fans, books ond mis. item s. A fter 9am , 
9277 Hays St 226-7961. 

Drexel dining table, le a f and pad. 
Lady's larg e size dresses (n e w and used). M en's suites (F ro s t 
B ros , u s e d ). M u c h m o re . 4o2 
W e s tm o re la n d , b e tw e e n W e iz - mann and Dresden Sat-Sun, 1o-6, 
344-4oo4. 

El Palacio blk G A R A G E S A L E : furniture, tra ile r hitch, boy’s and g ir l's c lo th e s , b o o k s , M IS C . 
Thurs-Sun. E l Dorado 

E STA TE SALE 
R e frig e ra to r, HOO. J re c lin e rs . 
S leeper sofa. H u n d re d s of hou­ sehold items. 
4275 
Stahl 
Rd. 
6S5-31S8 

E S T A T E S A LE : 235 M illa rd St. 
M a y 21-22, 27-28. to m -S p m . 
Dishes, O DDS A N D E N O S . I be­ droom suites, I dining suit, 3 piece caneback living room soit, I w a r­ drobe, 2 trunks. Ail antique 
NO 
CHECK S! 

G A R A G E S A L E : M a y 18-22, 
9am-6pm. 4229 Setting Sun (Leon 
V alley) 

F o r F u r n itu r e a nd A p p lia n c e s j 
Day; 653-5242 N ight; 653-o491 o r! 
455-2235._____________________ _ 

TOP PRICES 
U N L IM IT E D B U Y IN G 
Furniture, Antiques, Appliances 
734-9773 

W A N T E D : a ir c o n d itio n e rs in need of re p air 822-5484__________ 

W A N T E D : C o lo r T .V . n e ed in g repair 
Must be ' reasonsble 

4647 R O O S E V E L T 
924-8556, 924-8557 

ASPHALT 

927-76o4 

!Specializing in A sphalt and Con- icrete D rives, 681 o874 A nytim e! 

ASPHALT-CONCRETE 
WORK 

• AA C oncrete C o n s tru c tio n . Red- 

ASPH ALT-CONCRETE 
WORK j 

 tryTSe! 

 i Low prices-High Q uality concrete 
I work Call M r. Concrete, 223-5667, 
[ 223-5115. 

APPLIANCES 
SER VIC E-R EPA IR 

W o s h e r d r y e r , gen a p p lia n c e repair, w ork guar. 
924-1571 
923 2611 

S A N D , G r a v e l, T o p s o il, 5 to 7 yards. Call 432-51o2. 
[T o p s o il, 
G r a v e l, 
O e llv e r e d - 
Spreod, NW and N E , 434-11o4 

TO P SO IL, S A N D Y L O A M , SAND 
W IL L D E L IV E R 923-7426 

EXCAVATIO N 
SERVICE 

LOT CLEARING 
& CLEANING 

A c r e a g e , lo ts , y a r d s m o w e d cheap. F ree estim ates. 661-2676 
Bulldozing, C learin g , Root Plow- ing. Any Size Job. 333-3788 

Sm all T ra c to r, custom m ow ing, lots, acreage. 824-3813, 826-7652. 

CABINETS 

 u in n b x r n in , 
' J «_ J.J J" flA Loocrefe LonsTrucfion. k ed- must be reo so lam e 924 784* wood des'» n P olios, s id e w a lk s , must be reasonable 924-2846 
■ d rive w ay s . Room A dditions. No 
W o r k in g o r N o n - Job Too S m all' 534 8873 
W A N T E D 

^ °*r7V ? * 7or e fr io e r a ,o r * : 435 555o Asphalt W ork R e p a irs and Seal or 473-767o coating 623-5832. 

I V a rie ty of C a b in e ts a n d w o o d ­ work Refs, available. F R E E Est. 
!532-56o9 

C A R PEN TR Y 

OBEEB CONST. CO. 
Site P re p a ra tio n , land c le a rin g and o th e r G e n e ra l E x c a v a tio n 
W ork 
JO 4So-C T ra c k L o a d e r, 
B a c k h o e a n d r ip p e r , 
D u m p 
Truck. 222-8591, D a y-N ight! 

FIR E & BBQ WOOD 

SS a load. A lready down, you cut. 
Oak, etc. 684 38oo 

FOUNDATIONS 

MASONRY 

R A Y ’S M A S O N R Y M A T E R IA L sand-gravel-topsoil-asphalt 
Will deliver 
Com m -Res. Colt Ray 433-6382 

M OW ING-SHREDDING 

M O W IN G 
A C R E A G E a n d L O T S m o w ed . 
Call 344-5577 or 342-8222 

PA INTING , PA PER IN G 
PLASTERING 

W A NT TO B U Y old gasoline and oil a d v e rtis in g , old s ig n s, gas pumps, globes, etc. 654-6879 
We buy F u rn itu re , Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 

BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
653-3714 anytim e, 655-4634 eves. 
JOHN A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed ond Bonded Buyers 

BEST P R IC E S , FA S T S E R V IC E 
C o n c re te , P a tio s , D r iv e w a y s , 
A nything. C all 24 h rs . 927-27o7, 
; F re t E lf._________ 

BEST P R IC E S -P R O F . W O RK 
On a ll C o n c re te , ro c k a n d M a ­ sonry w ork done now! F re e Est 
; Call 734-o7o1, 532-5718 
C o n c re te A s p h a lt w o r k , b r ic k , c e ra m ic tile , b lo c k p ia s te r o r 
! W hat H ave You! F re e Est. No job 
' too big or too sm all 227 6o93 

We Buy R efrigerators 
734-4237, 7o7 W est Ave. 

C o n c re te - 
A s h p a lt, 
P a tio s , 
D riv e w a y s , re a s o n a b le p ric e s , 
F R E E E stim ates 927-5727. Steve 

WE P A Y CASH 
For Good Used F u rn itu re 

FAWCETT FUBNITUHE 
416 Doloroso 
227-6512 

C O N C R E T E , 
P a tio s , w a lk s , d r iv e s , a d d itio n s , 
F R E E 
! Estim ates. 
F ra n k 
25yrs. exp. 
I 333-196o. 

C O N C R E TE W O RK , Asphalt and 
Roofing F ree Estim ates 337-6211 
We Pay More Cash 
For That Good P iano 
T hat you a re not using. P lease coll M r Leon afJ23^61$1 

O Z U N A S A s p h a lt ond P a v in g 
S idew alks, patches, d riv e w a y s concrete slabs 
F R E E 
Est |A C a rp e n te r 

MR. DOOR AND 

MR. LOCK 

Plane dragging doors 
Screen doors 
Dead bolts 
Weatherstripping 
Locks and keys 
Adjust keepers 
Hang any kind of door 

C a ll Mr. Door or Mr. Lock 
8 2 6 -8 1 9 o 

•ABC HOUSE LEVELING* 
2oyrs. Leveling Exp. 
G uaranteed w ork. 
333-2982 

A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
R E P A IR S E R V IC E ! 684-4972. 

A Foundation PROBLEM? 
A ll types of foun dation re p a irs . 
W e specialize in lev e lin g , cedar post, peer-beam and slab founda­ t i o n a l ! the experts. 824-2171 

G E R H A R D T S 533-7149 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
[ P a in tin g -P a p e rin g , S h e e tro c k , 
W indow G lass, R e p a irs , Budget 
Term s. 1612 S. H a ck b e rry. 

PAINTING 

Doors dragging? 

AA T he H a n d y m a n Co, 517o 
B ro a d w a y 828 -8 o5 o . P a in tin g . roofinq-Gen. R epairs. 

A A M o r a n te 's T r e e S e r v ic e * T trim m ing- topping, rem ove 
927-6518._________ _________________ 

C u t-T rim H aul T rees, F re e Est. 
' 
Jessie 432-7758, 432-8o76. 
1 r ** 
T re e s c u t an d tr im m e d . F re e 
Estim ates. 534-3278 Or 333-6652. 
Trees T rim m ed , Topped, Rem ove 
Slumps, Hauling 224-1232. 

YARD WORK 

College Boy needs Y ard w o rk . Coll 
Charlie. 534-9814. 

C O M P L E T E Y A R D W O R K 
N S. a rea only 341-o3o5 

I DO Y A R D W O R K , for In fo rm a ' lion Coll M r. Sanchez 432-3124 

Lawns, C u t-T rirm n ed -V a c u u m ed .** 
Coll A nytim e! 533-9635. 

M O W IN G , 
T r im m in g . 
L ig h t hauling. F R E E Est. 734-3735. 
Trees, Lawns, Hedges, Trim m ed and Hauled. Reasonable 532-o742 

W E E D 
C U T T IN G , 
L o ts o 
Acreage. T A. Andrew s 656-o527 

W ill do Y a rd w o rk . R e as o n a b le 
Prices 648-3o28. 
______________ 
Y a rd w o rk a n d V r e e T rim m in g ? 
Reasonable P rices. 674-8165 
Y A R D W o rk , h a u lin g , g a ra g e cleaning. 532-5745, 534-1o23. 
Y a r d w o r k , deliver, spread, 434-11o4 ?33-42T to p s o il, g ra v e ^ . 

Wrecker Service 

Buy O ld C a rs a n d W R E C K E R 
S E R V IC E , coll R ichard, 337 *57o. 

We Buy Junk-W recked Cars 
923-4411 

A ll types foun dation r£ b a irs . 3o yrs. e xp e rien c e . A ll w o rk g u a r­ anteed. Call A nytim e. 534-411o 

M - Ail Home Regales inflations, Roofing, (a rp e n 
Foundations, Roofing, C a rp en try, 
P a in tin g , P a n e lin g 
A ll w o rk guaranteed Lie. 736-5946. 

. 922-7o29 
In N eed of Jobs 
! from roofing to Foundations 
No 
P A TIO S, W A LK S . D R IV E W A Y S , I Job Too S m a ll) F R E E E st. A il I 
T IL E . Best for Less! 435-4274. 
W ork G uaranteed. 927-5o24 

All Types of FounJcttion repairs, 
Low P rices. H igh Q u ality w ork. 
Coli Anytim e 
ABC 
CO NST 
333-4816 

TH E IR IS H M A N L E V E L IN G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: N ever Toke the firs t price! 
333-9o51 or 
734-7S11 

A G a rc ia P a in tin g C o n tra c to r 
Free Est. Ih t-E xt. 734-7846. 

A S K P a in tin g w ith p rid e . W hy pay m ore tor less! 826-4576 

C O L L E G E S T U D E N T S : E x p e r ­ ienced housepainters inside and o u ts id e . R e a s o n a b le . F r e e es­ tim ates 492-2932. 

D ove’s House P ainting 
F re e es- tim ates Reasonable 675-2554 
In t E xt. P a in tin g , tap in g , float, 
Acoustic F ree Est 923-7615 
Painting C ontractor, Res-Com m 
Gen. repairs, F re e Est. 922-14o5 

Youll be amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today’s 
Want Ads! 

 m m 
M M jm b v a v % a 
# 
% 
& i i *W 
» m c R % H A N D I M r n A R T A D S O N L Y * 

2 LINES 
6 DAYS 

HON COMMERCIA!! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
(CLASS #928 ONLY) 

Call 225-1666 4 

QUICK RESULTS! 

 ort A n to n io E * f r & E ^ .N E W S ~ - S u n d a y M a y 2 2 1 9 7 7 ~ * ~ P a g e 1 1 -C 

Anttaugg 

 f a ­ i n 

 r j m ' » ■■■ fl 1 1 1 1 ' l T M riQUE AUCTION 
HARVEY’S ANTI 
S a tu rd a y — M a y S I — S am u n til 1oP M 
S u n d a y — M a y 3 2 — - I P M u n til a ll sold 
J complot 33 room Victorian estate including servants quarters, attic, barns and other sources. A really nice load al merchandise for this auc­ tion sale'! IfAUTIfUt assortment of tutgtass 4 piece heavily carved bed roam suite foil of white marble lamps large stetn with boor on lid In­ laid gold trimmed table Wonderful selection of brome, marble and minty Other clocks. Ornate teakwood table. IO spindle bock choirs, lots of super oak furniture large safe S ft toll Picture albums Unusual wicker tart Sheraton siont-top desk and mony other desks. Round oak table and other tables, large hanging dom* Sterling writing set. Gold fabric torrent Cannonball bed and ether bedroom suites. Oak case telephone Metal washstand. Cedar chest. Victorian marble top tobies 
Heavily carved oak sideboord fancy church chair. 2 door bookcase and nther bookcases Ornate round china cabinet ond other fine cornets 
Silver coffee urn lorge ort glass vase Collection cf old Ideal dolls 4 wee* Victorian marble topped bedroom suite Lionel trains. Assorted rockers. Bentwood chairs and other choirs. Bronte figure lamp. Cloisonne valise Wood loveseot trimmed in brome 6oW ond other frames 8*11 rug ond othe' ruqs Butcher block Halltrees Geld cains. Silver dollars. 
Vwtocion jewelry Mickey Mouse watches Collection of fine snuff bottles 
Objects of ort Stained and leaded gloss, flus hundreds of other fine ond choree items not listed So you must come by and see for yourself!! 
D M lw n and C ollation yaw m iut make ta li Salad 
I i yaw don't, yow w ill ho Sorry!! 
• 45oo WEST AVENUE—Bartlett Shopping (ntr. 
H arvey C a sw e ll, auctioneer. 7 3 o V ia n d s St., T X .O » -r?-o 5 3 2 

 m U m u U 
I I 

U 
C 
T 
I O 
H 

Gory s Antique Audion House 
617 Colorado, Hwy. 183, Lockhart 
Sunday - May 22 -1 PM 

4 o ft. Container of Q u ality Antique?,. 
Consigned to us by Bristol Antiques LTD/* 
Inspection: IO AM Sunday until Sale Time. 
PARTIAL LISTING: Grand pmno with burled walnut cost — large rnrved walnut sideboord has mirrored bock, covered across top — 
Three piece walnut bedroom suite with burled walnut trim — 
Snooker table with slate top — Burled walnut drink cabinet, carved, with clow feet — Two stacked bookcoses with five sections - 
Severol oak and walnut chino cabinets — lamp table with carved walnut pedestal — Ook sideboard — Two walnut argons, one with carved ond mirrored bock — Rosewood inlaid ovarmontle — large chest of drowers — Kitchen cabinet — Oak Welch dresser — lorge rorved walnut overmontle mirrors — large linen press with mir­ rored covered top — Marble top washstands with tile bocks — 
Bentwood choirs — Si* walnut dining choirs with carved backs — torved ebcmized fern stand — Carved oak triangle drop-leaf table 
- Drop front desks — Gate leg table — Towel rails — Dressers — 
Two upright pianos — Inlaid walnut wardrobe — Oak sideboard — 
Hall trees — Oil paintings — Colorful leaded glass windows — Man­ tle clocks two with Westminster chimes — Traffic signal lights — 
Several pieces uf gloss and china.. .and olher fine pieces. 
•MVtST IN QU ALIT y 
Oar additional information Call SI 3-39o.37o1 or 392-7oo3 
THI AUCTIONEER 
TxGc-77-o386 
GARY ENGLEMAN 

San Marcos Antique Auction House 
S milos South af San Marcos an Hwy. 123 look far Red, White and Blue Windmill on JR Ranch 
W ED N ESDAY, M A Y 2 5 , 7 A .M . 
PARTIAL LISTING: oak rolltop desk with S-fOH. 4 section stack bookcase 
1 With leaded glass doors Sewing machine in nice oak cabinet. Walnut bar 
'nbinet. fancy walnut double bed with highback tuft headboard. 3 pine kitchen tables with turned iegs Walnut Queen Ann sideboard Oak and walnut rhino cabinets Teacarts Gate-legged tables, fancy Queen Ann k vanity dresser ? unusual bentwood choirs Set of 6 walnut Queen Ann 
•hairs Walnut bedside commode Several walnut and oak lamp tobies. 
• Oak pedestal desk with leather inlaid top Victrolo in oak case. 3 carved 
* walnut sideboards. ? Victorian spool bock choirs Chest of drawers, g feyftrol primitive stools Highly conred statin walnut bedroom suit*. 
Walnut bedrooms suite with burled walnut trim Oak bedroom suite. 
•Walnut ond oak halltrees Several ook and walnut beds. Several mantel 
'locks. Wall clock Several unusual small decorative items in this sale 
Come Join in the fun at this Spacial Auction!! 

★ INVEST IN Q U A LITY + far Additional Information 
Call 391-37o1 ar 392-7oo3 
GARY ENGLEMAN 

BILD MARY 

OO! florida • 534-o751 
DISCOUNT 
Building Material Store 

Whiskey Bam els, half barrels 
2 far $14.9o 
52 gel 
2 for $24 
IS in. Vanity with marble top 
$38.89 
Domestic torrog iron $19,95 sg. 
4*8 Cnpewood paneling: gold. sand, btu*, green 
. 
$1.95 
Westlock deadbolt single cylin­ der 
$4.79 
4 ft wood step ladder 
$4.95 
4*8x i - paneling. Natural, High­ land, Castalian 
$7,45 
Renta wood preservative, 
I gal 
$3.95 
5 go! 
$16.95 
24o self seal roofing $14.95 sp 
IS or 3o lh felt 
$7.45 roll 
BUT MART carries TRU-TEST paint • select from 124o custom colors 
$ $ $ $ A V f$ $ $ 
CASH ’N* CARRY 
MasterCborge ★ BonkAmtricard 

93?-menu SALE m m m m c DOGS-—PETS 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 
Genuine Strong Bom Corrug. Iron lengths to 2o..............$24.95 sq. 
Corrugated fiberglass, full 4 or. 
8 , $4.39; IO, $5.49; I?, $6.59 
Asbestos Siding ___ $27.95 sq. first quality birth paneling. 
'/t in.................. $7.95 eo. 
4x8-3 8 COX plywood $5.79 ea. 
4x8-VS” COX plywood... $6.98 ea 
Oak whiskey barrels. 
$12.95 
Barbed wile 
$1 $.95 spool 
Insulation JVS" 
9Vj 4 sq, ft. 
Insulation A” .............. 164 sq. ft 
THE M O N E Y SAVER 
Master Charge BankAmericord i 
Where Cash Buys at Wholesale 

"LUMBER b a r g a in s 

 lore* Wall faint 
$3.5o 
2*4 No 3 Select studs 
8941 
4*8 VS” COX Plywood 
$6.99 
4*8 W plywood 
$1o.95 j 
24x36 aluminum windows$J2.45, 

ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
6 foot................................ $.*91 
CASH A N D C AR R Y” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o71. Durango 
533 5 315 J 

R A IL R O A D T IE S fo r s a le . 
L a n d s c a p e o r r e la y q u a lity . 
1-112-454-4413 o r 
454-7971. 
W hittlesey Bros.,A ustin,TX 
Reoossed 1o*14 P o rta b le o ffic e term s, free del. 732-5171. 

• Hough Tilton* R h e a 

H 
U 
I M 
B E R H 
Good Lumber-Good Lengths 
Tee lr lr'IC LF 
■. 26C LF 

• SOO Seguin R d, 226-3141 * 
Used large m etal stg. bldg. 12x32 w ith wood floor. 453-81 l l 

USED LUMBER 
Call Of 224-4441 
Warehouse damage stg shed, hod 
2oo, 7 left, term s. 924 5oo3. 

19o5- PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
F ro T e n w rtid o 7 T tr? !d e !T < h ^O won * lost. Term s, de!. 924-5oo3. 

Astate sale 
„ 
Sat., Sun., Mon., May 21, 
22, 23, 9 oo a.m. to 5:oo p.m.; 
SIS Elizabeth Road in 
Terrell Hills, last off North New 
Braunfels. 
The Patton Estate; 
Oak dining room suite with round table. Tiffany lamp sterling flatware and hollower!; jewelry, fine chino Hid. cup saucer col­ lection. crystal 
Old dolls, clothes ond trunk. Victorian sofa, choirs, rockers. Patio furniture Stereo, pair twin poster beds, end tables, chairs, lamps, sewing cabinet, piano stool, Oriental rug fine linens, bedding, clothing, books, records, pie-, 1 tufas, useful kitchenwares and housewares of all kinds. 
NOT an auction nothing removed nor previously shown nor reserved. Every­ thing clean, togged, ready to go and must go at once from these premises. 
Another 
Genuine liquidation 
(our 
45th) by Phil & Coroiyn 
Moron. 734 5668 or 822- 
9663 (Sot only, One free 
House Admittance Number fei 
Person Starting 8oo a rn, Patio Opens 8 3o Bring 
Shopping bogs, NOT Children, 

AUC TIO N 
PERSIAN 

A N D OTHER 

ORIENTAL RUGS 
ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 
PERAUX ROOM 

Mon. May 23rd 8 PM 

Auctioneer 
Roy Carr 

T x-G S -77-453 

We Buy Old Rugs 

STOCK REDUCTION 
SALI: 
2o°o-$o°o Off Regular Prices 
Furniture: Oak, W aln ut, 
Mahogany, 
Cut 
Gloss, 
Crystal, China, Etc. 
JOHN’S ANTIQUES 
$123 Brooklyn 
2 2 7 - 3 6 o o 
8 a m -2 :3 o p m 
M o n d a y -S a tu rd a y 
Sale Good tor 1o Days 

Another Genuine Estate L iq u id a ­ tion by Use M oran's, M oy 21, T er­ rell H ill* Details May lf , 734 564a. 
'a n t iq u e AUCTION 
Sunday, May 15, 1:3# PM 
Gary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. • Cat! 39#-37o! 
ANTIQUE b e a u tifu l g la ssw a re and furn itu re . NO JU N K ! G ifts, odds and ends. 624-2o7*________ _ 
Antique Furniture, 3 pc. E m pire 
Style Walnut P a rlo r Suite Settee 
Ladies Chair, Gentlemans Chair, 
C arved L io n Head A rm s W ith 
Paw Feet. M atching Small Tab!#. 
*53-613$. 
Antique Iron Wheeled Wagon with spring seat .all argine! ex. cand. 
512-234-2o21. 

ANTIQUE SHOW in Historic Columbus. Texas 
Annual Show & Sale 
AT. A SUN. M ay 21-22, 1o*6:3o 
AMERICAN LEGION H A LL 

Beton Brass Beds win. Full, Queen, Kingsize 
.IO BRASS HEADBOARDS 
925 
3123 Broadway 

 lf you have A ntlaues, J e w e lry , 
D ia m o n d s , S te rlin g , G o ld o r 
Oriental Rugs ta sell, you’ll get the 
Best P ric e fro m San A n to n io ’ s 
Finest Shop: 
Regency Antiques 

M rs. Branner, 122-544o, 342-5o7o 

JEW ELR Y 
Gold chains and Jade Rinos 
H ELETIQ U ES 
2714 McCullough, 734-3796 
Kitchen ware, old chino cabinet, candlestick, choirs, 69o-2842 
L argo stained glass m u ra l. T if­ fany floss, net signed. 732-2632 m 

OomoOfd 2 12x24 red barn heavy duty doors, term s free del. 
924-o32o.________________________ 
Factory 2nd"spec!a!, 12x161' 1o*16 stg. bldg, term s, free del. 653-8111. 
Freight Damaged Stg. bldg, free delivery, term s. 732-5171 
Heavy dutv 12x24 m fe! p o rtable building. $2ooo. 341-4332 

BANKRUPTCY AUCTION 
Bay Tree Tennis And Yacht Club 
1ouQ N. Station St. - Port Aransas, Tx. 
Thursday - M ay 26, 1977 - TO AM 
PuHijont to an order by the Honorable f H tartan ii, Bankruptcy lodge far 
U 5 District Court far the Southern Dittrkt of Texes, Houston Division we will sftar for sole the foiiowmg assets of Bay Tree TENNIS 4ND YACHT Club, 
Bankruptcy No 75 HP-1o11 
SEILING fURNITURf AND FURNISHINGS from 26 (ondemrniurm 
26 coy thee, 34 hanging lamps. 23 gloss too tobies with choirs, 75 comer units 23 
-efriqerotacs 13 Queen size beds, 12 rnests and mirrors, l l small chests Ap proximately 113 assarted tablas Appro*. 27 assorted tamps Also all drapes in condominium 
NOTE: Although oil information deemed correct, the auctioneer raokas no warranties or guarantees os ta the information contoured herein This sale subject to confirmation by th* Bankruptcy fudge 
AUCTIONEER; 
TRUSTEE: 
Grover Howell Company 
Ron Sommers 
9611 Jensen Drive 
21oo Travis, Suite 7o7 
Houston, Texas 77o93 
Houston, Texas 77oo2 
713-697 2997 
713 659-3222 

TO A M 

BANKRUPTCY AUCTION 
TO O L TE C H N O L O G IS T 
4 o o B R IN G H U R S T 
H O U S T O N , TEXA S 
F R ID A Y — M A Y 7 7 , 1 9 7 7 . 
Pursuant ta on order by the HONORABLE WILLIAM SCHULTZ, Bankruptcy Judge for the United Stotts District Court foe the Southern District of Texas, Houston 
Division, we will offer for sale the fellowing osstis of Tool Technologist, 
Bankruptcy No. 77-HS-23. 
OfflCf FURNITURE A EQUIPMENT 
MACHIN! SHOP 8 x8 *4o Berts Planer. S'xS xl 5' Cincinnati Plonei, 3 x3 *6' 
Rockford Open Side Plant!, 4 *4 xlO’ liberty Planer, 28 *1o Maitison Surface 
Grinder, 6 x4‘ Cerut Boring Mill, 5^4 Chut, Vert Milling Machine, M S3 Ram baugi Universal Milling Machine, 2o *96" Scuthbend Engine lathe, 2o *96” 
Graimno Engine lathe, 14 *36” Graziano Engine lathe, UCiMU 6 Radudk 
Drill, 4A Warner 8 Swasey Turret lathe. 9*9’ Morvel 9A Power Hack Saw, 
Kearney 8 Tucker Vertical Mill, YUBA 2 *12'' Stroke Keyseaitr, 12 *48 (inn , 
Cylinder Grinder, 6”x72"*18 Boyer Schultz Surfer* Grinder, 4o Powermotic 
Drill Press, Dual IO” Carbide Tool Grinder, KO lee S" Tool A Cutter Grinder, 
Powermotic 8” Tool Grinder, U S. Tool Co., Tool Post Grinder. Mater Portable 
Mill, 18" Toble Grinder, Kranco 1o-Ton Capacity 4o’ Span Bridge Crone, Clarke 
6ooo* Capacity Forklift, 22-lnfrared Heaters, lincoln HD Welding Machine, linde Vi-6oo Welding Machine w/Wtre lead, I T Electric Hoist w 2o Jib, I T 
Electric Hoist w IO Jib, Niogoro 36” *16 Gouge foot Shear, Jamco Arbor Press, 
? Sets Burning Rigs, 8 x12 Portable foreman s Office, lot Bins, Racks, Tables 
8 Vises, Rahn Granite leveling Block 4 x5. 
VEHICLES 
I - 1975 OMA I* Ton Pickup 
I • 1975 GMG ta Ton Pickup 
TCY-2452SoQ899 
TCY-245Zoo9o3 
NOTI: Although oil information deemed correct the AUCTIONEER makes no warranties ar guarantees os to the information contained herein. THIS SALE 
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION BY IHE BANKRUPTCY JUDGE 
AUCTIONEER 
TRUSTEE: 
GROVER HOWEll COMPANY 
TEO WIDMER 
9611 JENSEN DRIVE 
9525 KATY FREEWAY 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77o93 
SUITE 1o1 
713/697-2997 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77o24 

713/461-6855 
TEXAS LICENSE TxGS-77-o154 

SAN ANTONIO 
78733 
. 
' 
11o31 WH DSW! 
15171 Ai* 113o,: 

C O M P /ii 

CARPUS'CHRISTI 

 l r 
884 1937-' 

BOSTON TCRRIIR 
One of the very few Breeds that con dorm to be purely American, the Boston 
Terrier is a cress between the Bulldog ond the English Terrier This lovable pet, leaking like a stylish gentleman, inherited both courage and friendliness worn bis bull-baiting, pn fighfei ancestors 

TO PUCE YOU* AO C A II M s, MOORE 2 25 -1 6 66 

92S MACHtXERY-TOOlS 

•73 M o te t* Ferguson Model /sad diesel fo rk lift w ith J I ', ft m ast 
Excellent condition. C all D e a n ! 
Taylor ri3-62t-ooiQ______________ 
PRESS BRAKE D! ARCO 
7$ tens ■ lOti Like new S it,SOO. 
I 383 3585. Edinburg, Tx__________ 
Trade-in Your Lathe 
On New ATLAS Or CLAUSING 
TNE M ACHINERY EXCH ANG E 
7711 5 
O ily , 
537-44 77 
W A N T E D 
F o rk 
L ift w ith 
P nuem etit T iro l, Any C ondition, 
M onterey 
Iron ond 
Metal, 
777 7421. 
WISCONSIN AND KO HLER 
Replacement engines P a rt* ond service R ebuilt and e xcha nge. smote thru V4. 124-78*1, jlO - LtVtSTQCK FtED SMS 
848 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8...$295 
8X1o...$396 
Other sizes a vailab le 
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION 
Heavy-Duty F loor Included 

5oo Sequin Rd. 
226-3141 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s M o ve d by 
Morgan. Bonded. 653-6111. 
Repo 12*4o damaged 12x24 m ust sell free delivery term s 923-4346 
Used redwood 8x16, I Ox 12 'slot age tree del term s 684-1234. 
N j ! 

So7 * FURNITURE 

We guarantee lower p r k tt tm new furniture th on amy other retail furniture (tare anywhere regardless of any kind of sale they may run. lf you can beat the price* on any furniture you buy from us at any other retail furniture store we w ill re­ fund to you 12oH of the difference. 

I. Price, confirmation raquired. 

2. Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase 
3. Must be alike and of soma brand and/or model no s. 

UNITED DISCOUNT 
FURNI1TURE 

# 1 — 1o4 Lam ar 
# 2 — 1 o 4 1 o Perrln-Bolfot 

P U B LIC A U C T IO N 
Hunt's food Market - 54oo Broadway, Son Antonio 

T h u rsd a y-M a y 26, 1977- IO AM 
Food Service Equipment and Store Fixtures 
Complete Liquidation • No Limit • No Reserve 

Selling piece by piece of in lofs lo highest bidders, Partial list follows: 
International Mighty Mile Von 
Coolers & Freezers 
2 Schaefer visual floor model deep freezers - Schaefer up-right, glass front deep freeze • Friedrich poultry, glass front case - Friedrich meal display case, remote compressor - Friedrich teach-in refrigerator refrigerated vegetable display • Door type chest deep freeze w slide top - floor type chest deep freeze w hinged top • 3 walk-in, normal temperature coolers, 2 remote compressors 
Food Service Equipment & Supplies 
Hobart meat band sow - heovy duty Hobart meat grinder • Hobort slicer • Hobort steak maker tenderizer - 2 large old fashion wooden mea* blocks, 12” thick - Whirlpool ice machine • deep fat fryer • com­ mercial dish washer - 5 coffee makers • counter model pizza oven - ho! chocolate dispenser - 2 jet spray dispensers • 2 elec. Ooyton retail scales - platform scales - overhead scales * commercial range • storage gondolas - storage containers • tea dispenser • ice bin - tables • chairs 
- chinaware - glassware • silverware • pitchers • ketchup dispensers 

 bowls - peanut rooster • 2 blower coils - toasters - assorted racks • 15 counter stools • coffee warmers • ss pons • bake pans - cooking utensils • serving troys - grocery shopping torts & many other items. 
Store Fixtures & Equipment 
2 National cosh registers • 2 B.C. Alien adding machines • other adding machines ond cash registers - typewriters - metal sale on casters - 3- diawer metal filing cabinet wooden desk • swivel chair - 2 exhaust 
♦ens • 5 old fashion type ceiling fans with lights • 7 wrapping paper rocks ■ Hat rack - 2 fire extinguishers • grocery shelving islands • 4- ton air conditioner and mony other items 
INSPECTION: 8;3Q A.M. Oov of Sale 
TERMS Complete payment Day of Sole. Checks accepted with proper 
,o 
SALE CONDUCTED BY 
J. C. HARPER AUCTIONEERS, INC. 

5 1 2 -9 2 6-2 1 8 o Austin? TxGS-77-Ol 38 

Staffordshire Terrier 
Bull Pups 

Champion 
Bloodlines. 
Sire and Dan by Ch. Ruf­ fians Harper, 

Call 
R o b e rt S m ith 
7 3 2 - 8 6 8 8 

REGISTERED 
BLUETICK PUPS 
TEX. TR. BANGING 
KENNELS 
These Puppies are 6 wk*. old aryl Championship 

MALE 
Days 
Niles 

Bred 
FEMALE 
2 2 7 -1 .3 1 1 

3 4 2 - 7 6 3 5 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Moles, Females, Shots, 347 7o3o 
Basic Obedience Class, S tarting 
: MOV 23. 7 p.m. All Breeds 525 

A AKC W IR E H A IR E D T e rrie r 
Pups Excellent pets. 4*4-2237 
AD O R ABLE AKC Y o rkie Pups, shots, worm free 824-4411 
•A dorable P u reb red M in Doc lr shund Puppie>»734-6325_________ 
TER? Afghan Hounds, 7 wits 515o. 
Wonted P igtail Monkey 734-o351. 

AKC Alaskan Mala routs 
Shots, w orm ed, guaranteed Ch. 
Bloodlines. 681-1267 
AtZU Ap ric o t P o odle , m a le To 
Good Home Only. Witt take best ofter. Weighs only 5 lbs. 342 6757 
AKC B asset P u ps, 8 w ks, 2nd shots SBO. 824-5o16 
AKC black G reat Dane Pups 
♦94-2151__________ 
AKC Hover puppies, sloe ea. 
Lake McQueeney 557 5o74___ 
AKC Boxer Puppies, Show Quail tv 496-o223 after 4 p m __________ 
AKC BOXERS, Fawn, born 5-2 H 
Call *54-62o4 
AKC B ritta n y Spaniel puppies, excellent bloodline, 341-561o 
AKC B rittany Spaniel pups, ch bl. 
E xcel, birdd og. G rea t w ith c h il­ dren. Reasonable *55-9418 
AKC CHOW CHOW Puppies 
435-59o7 
AKC CH. SIRED COCKER 
PUPS 
441-3o34 
AKC COCKER PUPS, Ch Sired, 
Shat*. 494-3338 
AK C C o c k e r S p a n ie l p u p p ie s , 
$1oo. 454-4768 
AKC C o cker S p anie l P u p p ie s, 
Golden, temples 633-2729 
AKC Collie, M ole 4 mos. SSO or best offer. SOS Patsy- Converse. 
Tx, ofter 6p.m. 
AKC Collie Pup, Sable W hite, 7 wks, shots, w orm ed, I male. $7o. 
1-53o-2S8O. 

Sables 
AKC CO LLIES 
• 
623 4511 
Tris 
AKC 
D o c h s u n d p u p s , sh o t, wormed, $75ea 656-8261 atter 9:3o p m __________ ________________ 
A b t D o b e rm a n M a le P up, T i 
WkS, Elk-Rust. 922-17oo/ 924-4326. 

Ch Ut Stud 494 389? 

 tS S bii Cocker-Poodle puppies, both parents registered. 433-4293. 
B e a u tifu l L h a s a A p se , Reg 
S ilver-Gray, at Stud 732 7514 ort 4 and weekends. 
__________ 
S heepdog 
B e a u tifu l O ld En pups. AKC, shots $2' i 494 5427 
B e a u tifu l S hepherd C o llie P u p­ pies, 6 wks SZO. 494 5495_________ 
¥ e a u tifu f U n u s u a l H im a la y a n 
Kitten. 494-6165 
B IR D 
DO G S, 
AKC. 
G e rm a n 
Shorthaired Pointers 7 wks Just 
Right for F all T rain ing and Hunt­ in g 
W o rm e d , S hots S ta rte d . 
674-3197 oft 5 ond weekends. 
Blond Cocker-Poo puppy, male 3 mos $4o. W hite Toy Poodle m ix, male MO. 623-5144. 

R A N C H E R S 

BRUSH SPRAYING 
CAN SAVE YOU $ $ $ 

G ardner Flyers, Inc. would like to help you 

 grow more gross. Spray your mesquite with 

24 5 f or Tordon and reep the maximum 

 benefit from your grass. Let us show you 

 improvements proof of 

 spraying. 

 re c e n t in brush 

25 Years Experience 

CONTACT: 
Lefty G ardner 
(512) 565-4782 

Henry G ardner (512) 275-6927 

ADAMS A ADAMS 
Professional Auction Service 
Appraisals and Liquidations 
I 512 855 62o6 
TxGS 77 oo62. oo63 
- K g Y TO Q REATER S A If V 
G rover Howgll Co. Auctioneers 
Houston Tx. 
TXCC 77 o154 
S a Office; 11o31 Wye D rive 
Allen Howell ( l i t ) 656 113o 

838 PMIITBY BABBITS BftS 

Bantams, 4 Silkies, 3 Golden Sea 
Brights, J A ra u to n *. P ullets, o il fo r $25. I* o r m o re F a n t a il pigeons 6 Jackabms. 8 m ixed. A ll for SIS 344 7379 
Flute, I years old, excellent con 
Oilton. $15o 649 11o4 
__________ 
Rabbits and Cages, breeders and 
Young fry ers. 474-StjM- 

94? fatm Equipment S— Has 

HE t AMUS D IE S E L TRAC TOF 

BLU E G R E A T DA NE P U P P Y , 
AKC. I 438 2492 
BO R D ER C O L L IE PUPS A R F 
REG 649-1224 
B u ff C o c k e r P u p p ie s - S h ots, wormed, no papers 
$6o 7o. 
924-o478. 
Cats, K ittens. Fam ilies, 6 and 7 toed b lo o d lin e , $5o a n d fre e . 
654 o998 anytim e. 

TOR 
SALE : IS hp 1995o; 7o hp $6*5o, 
$7 hp 
5595o; 3o hp • SJ95o DOD 
OEN EQ U IP M E N T C O , 8223 S. 
P i esq, 532 4151. 
______________ 
EQ UIPM EN T SALE 
BN and 8o! Fards. 35 Ferguson S' 
Shredder 4 row cultivator 4 row planter J bottom Plows 448.1131; 
654-2478 
FE 1 6 TRUCK FOR SALE 
H m - d e i son Bulk Bog c o m b in a tio n 
[bed, with everything in lop ru n ­ slung cond Call (512) 23? 2o55 to r 
— 
—| j j 
- j m 
J Ted w iisoo.M cnogar. 
I Platted 2 wheel traitiir, S'x9‘ good 
I tires $25o 7 3 4 -8 9 $ $ _____________ 
! F o rd NA A T ra c to r C o m p le te ly 
'ove rh a u le d , new ru b b e r, 8 disc one way plow $16oo 534 8956 

FOBB TRACTORS 
BN and 9N with new and used im p le m e n ts New 16’ U tility T ilt 
.T ra ile r $85o F in a n cin g A vo ila 
' bie. 37oo S. Floret. 
'FO R SALE BY OWNER: 
'T u b Grinder, May buster Mn C t used 2 months, $6,ooo o o : C etin 
M ill and M ixer Mo. SO, $1,65o OO 
W illie d B u rloskew lti, RI I 
Ho* 
43, Seguin Texas 7o155 
Phone after * OO PM. 512 J79 347/ 

^NEWTON SUBMENTAL."! 
RANCH 

Selling IOO Half Bloods 
5 o Bred to Reg. Brahman Bull 
5o Bred to “ Cezon" 

Held at Joe Freem an Coliseum 
Sat. M ay 28th a i I p.m. 

For Information Contact 
BERT REYES 
5 1 2 - 3 4 9 - 2 1 8 5 | 

Cattery Reduction Sale. Persian kittens and adults. *74 5o8/ 
CHOCOLATE POINT SIAMESE 
4 Wks. box trained 432-6767 
Choc 
Point Siamese Kittens sis 
492-2o73. 
C ollie P u ppie s, fu llb lo o d e d , no pap ers. S a ble-W hite, w o rm e d .I 
Fem $4o, m ale *45 I 379 1849 
Cute Puppies and K itte n s S3 OO each 433-4539. 

 t h E E 
CUTE PUPPIES 

Dachshund, female, spayed. 2 yrd old 733 8454. 
D a rlin g S c h n a u z e r P u p p ie s ?: moles $65. 435-8541; S33-3997 
Doberm an pups. $75. 
653-7195 
Dobie Puppies SSS mates, 575 fem. beforo $ 484 53o7; I 833-4225 art. 6 
English setter, reg female, 5 mo, 
(hunting stock) 494-6146 

 females, SSO. 734-7*4o. Til 3 

Kaiser 
A lu m in u m - C o v e r e d ! 
F A R M , R A N C H , 
U T IL IT Y B U IL D IN G 
A Economical, durable 
,*1 5 % cooler, color choko 
Extorter guarantees 
A Quick, professional erection on your site 

S T U R D Y 
S T R U C T U R E , IN C . 
I 59oo San Pedro Avenue 
San Antonio, Texas 78233 
CAIL CHORGI HUNT 
(COLliCT; 3 )2/494-3318 

A 15% 

For Sate: H a lf Pit Bull T e rrie r, half Germ an Shepherd Puppies 
633-2479 
AKC* F.D.S.B. 
B ird Dogs. B ritta n y P u p s . Ch. 
B lo o d lin e s B o th S id e s .S h o ts , wormed. 
Sc* 
Dam ond 
Sire. 
534 2o4! 
, 
AKC G o rm a n S h e p h e rd P ups, champ bloodline, all shots Heolth certificates Hove o il parents, $35 up 1-643-2741. 

Free Adorable Unusual Kittens. 8 wks, 433-8977. 
___________ 
Free 2 adu lt Seal Point Siamese 
Cats. N eutered and declawed, 6 yrs. extre m e ly gentle ond a ffe c­ tio n a te m u st stay to g e th e r and h a ve o u td o o r a cce ss, In sa te neighborhood *58-7658__________ 
F R E E K IT T E N S - v e ry F u rry , 
-.............................. 
, black and gray 696-34o5. 

Free Puppies, M other Norw egian 
Elkhound Mod Size 492-17)6 
Free Puppy. P a rt Chihuahua, has puppy Shots. 349-7158, 344-4791 

Champion Sired, Top Bloodlines in U.S. S hots, W o rm e d , F u lly 
Guaranteed. Show and Pet Quali- ty 349-9534. 

A - H A L E T R A I L E R S 
Hors# Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; to r Sole or Rent 
Also feed B arrels w ith Lids 
SLIM P O IL CO OM IM 37 
533-51S t 
6o4 
Carolina nilos 
344-7715 
Appaloosa Broodm are, White and 
Black W ith 2 Month Old Fawn Colt in H alter. $5oo. a rt*r 8pm 649-1247. 

Appaloosa M are, G randdaughter of Dudes Bonanza, lots of calor 
824 55o8 

For Sale Trim atic 32o S p unkie r, 
Self aligning, 7". IO draglines , 24” ris e rs, I 8o6-272 4869 
,’ ii onttutd loaders fit SN F o rd 

South Toxas Trailer Sales 
G r a n d O p e n in g 

Stack trailers, Oooienecks and Hone trailers. 
$1395 .............. 
14x3 
Covered with brakes 
$1345 ............................. I4 e 5 
Covered with brakes 
HORSE TRAILER SPECIAL 
$ 9 9 5 
$.A. 651-9o6o 
379-2o87 
Seguin 

2oft Gooseneck Bow Top Stock 
T railer, Felps. 924-3148 __________ 
Hay Equipm ent. B a le r, M ow er, c o n d ltlo n o r and T r a c to r, 
74 
Models Sell i or all. Exc Cond 
*84 9894 
■7$ HESSON PT-1o, $2,85o and 
F ord 5o3 Huyrako, $45o 69o 9o2o or I-379-3o78 
MESTON STACKHANO IO, L ik e 
New $425o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533 5145, 739 ife ve s 

IRRIGATION PIPE 
SO Jo in ts of new 8'* C lass 15o, w e ld e d W ade R a in m a le a n il female ends Also SO Joints of 4. 
This pipe is new, lo st thon dealers to st 695 37o5. 495 89o5 
4o1o: 4o2o JOHN OL ERE 
I 
Diesel, $34-4711________ 
LAROE SELECTION ail New and 
U sed F o rd T ra c to rs 
E W A L D 
FORD TRACTORS- IM IO Hwy 44. 
I Seguin, Tx. 1 379-4391 
_____ 
M cC orm ick International, m ower col damner model 816.1' iF t. cut 
S/5o 532-1134. 

* 1 3 o 7 . 
HARRIS 
WESTERN CENTER 
I -7 7 2 -3 6 3 4 
6 3 2 -9 3 o o 

N E W 
A N D 
U S E D 
M A S S E Y 
FERGUSO N Hay B oling E q u ip ­ ment. Tractors and E quipm ent 
D IETZ TRACTOR CO 
32? IM IO, Seguin, 
_____________ 438 1288 ____________ 
'71 New H olland 447' c u tte r! '69 
N e w H o lla n d 275 b a ile r . $3 oo o pair. ) it ) 69/1 

AKC Germ an Shepherd Puppies. 
Black Tan *53 4683 
AKC Germ an Shepherd Puppies, 
EXC. T e m p e ra m e n t. Ch. B lo o d ­ lines. S75-S1oo 654-668/ 

FREE TO GOOD HOMES 2 sm all kittens. 822-9961. 

AQHA G ELD IN G 
7 Yrs. 
__________________ 635 2/3o 
AQ H A P e rfo rm a n c e G e ld in g , 
W inner at Poles B arrels, H alter and R opinq. I 6/2-3o15; o fte r 5 
_ _ _ _ _ 
„ ------- and weekends 1-437-2824. 
HAY, fertilized Coastal $1.25 Bale 
AQHA REG. Morel, 7~yr| old. 2 y r 674 'U l- 

Have Pasture for US Cows fo r 4 mos. Coastal, Sorghum, Alanson, 
Sorghum 
Sudan, 
N ative. 
512 277 4518 

AKC Gotten Retriever ip p les, 
Ch. 
B lood line, 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired. 1-755-4696 

PUPP 
1-M7-4o37; 1-257-6272 Kerrville. 
‘ I k e GOLDEN R E TR IE V E R S 
Beautiful puppies. Exc. Field , 
Obedience, con firm ation b ac k­ grounds. 1-392-5292 or 1-392-4664, 
Io n Marcos. 
____ 
____ 

M atching Antique F u rn itu re. 2 
Love soots, arm chair, 6 chairs and table, some require m inor repair. $1,44o Compiett. o24-1o74 att 5 
____________ 
M c K e lv e y 's A ntiques 
13o6 Austin Hwov , 824-324o 
I At Mission Mobile Homes j 

Displayed 

But Never Used 
Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
5225. White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Ration, Hqrculon Sofa ond Choir SI39. Wehner S59, 
Extro Firm Full Size Bed S65. 
Stereo, Sofa Sleeper, S165. Can 
Deliver Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
(BSI5-B Speedway 349-4127 

Old d en tal c a b in e t, o rig in a l m ahogany finish. Porcelin too and shelves. Beveled m irro r. very unusual. 341-1844 

O P A ’ S A N T IQ U E S 
22o3 $. HACKBERRY 

Q U E E N S A N T IQ U E S 
28o9 Fredericksburg Hours: 9-5 

J E S S ’ A N T IQ U E S 
5o Old Seguin Rd., 64I-SSB2 
BUY SELL A ^ P R A lS l st Prices Paid tor Antiques 
PH IL WILLBORN fN A COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
749 34o9 Broadway 735-2414 
.IM E R S RUMMAGE BARn | 
CASH AND CARRY mHauos, Bottles, Primitives eiics and many other things 
ME SCEI I Open ll AM to SPM sod Wednesdays and Sundays 
42-884o during business hours there Hwy 476 cross Hwy 14 
H 
POTEET. T E X A S ^ ^ H 

 rved gloss, clowfooted, oak na cabinet. All Original. $4o4. 
•511o. 

^ S L IG H T A N T IQ U E S 
3 MC 
CULLOUGH 
227-4oo3 
RRY SHARP TRUNKS 
Man- s, Nails, and Know How. Nos- gio Item s, H andpainted Ac- ity o4o9 Culebro, 2 mi. West of 
. 4o4-147o, Como Browse! 

M3 ■ W U K XHHiUI-S 

'LEUM SALE: Heavy Vinyl cum $4.9$ Sa YO For Cjear- 
Linoltum Remnants, Wail ir 9oC-S1.OO inside Lotex 
Gel E xterior Lotex Homo 
Best Grade $9.o5 Gal. Win- 
Glass Venetian Blinds SA95 t e r m s . 
G E R M A R D T S 
149. 1412 S. NACKBBREY- 
ON A WANT AO 
THI SUMACS IO CAII 
IS 325-1o66 
IXFXC55 AND NIWS 

 o 
Stained 
Glass e 
Doors and Windows 
Ooughtry Antiques, 6o4-o344 
TA IL END ANTIQUES 
“ 
RCA VICTROLA in Colonies North Moll 

THE BLUMENTHAL 

 merchant 
'The most interesting antique shoo in Texas. Everything from glass 
Do Early American Furniture at 
Blumed thai, Texas. 7 miles west 
Of LBJ Stat* Park on Hwy 29o. 
Open daily except Tuesday. Look tor Biumonthol Hwy sign. 

THE 
Different Drummer 
A ntiques-Aceessori^ Collectable s 
1o2o TOWNSEND, o26-3744 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
TH O M P S O N 'S A N T IQ U E S 4 
THINGS. 47o$ Rigsby, 44o-4o24 
To Sell Ont and All Call 
633-14##, 433-o34o (cosh paid) 

E x t r a F ir m 

Orthopedic Kingsize M at­ tress, 2 Box Springs and 
Foundation, $75. Still in' 
Original Package. Queen 
Size set, $65. Full Size set, $55, Twin Size Set. 
Can Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
851S-B Speedway 349-4127 

 fH H ljriu s u a i FileC oblneF^^PI! 
Ornate Oak Sideboard 
ANTIQUE COTTAGE, 5o# Dallas 

Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or Naugahyde 
Sofas 

$1oo. loveseat 
$75, 
Chairs $5o, Tables $17 each. 
Dinette 
$55, 
Bedroom 
Set 
Complete 
$125, 
Car; 
Deliver, 
Terms. 
Smith Construction Co. 
#515-8 Speedway 349-41.27 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
We’ve got lots of It. if you need any quantity Bring your list and bring your money. We guarantee to save you money. 

D IT T M A R L U M B E R 
5o4 Seguin Rd. 
224-3141 
IN THI EXPRESS NEWS 
CAEI 225 1*66 

Beautiful 

Early American or Con­ temporary Kingsize Bed­ room set. 
Includes 
Drei!#i', 
Mirror, 
Chest, 
Night -Stand, Bed, Foun­ dation. $ 259. Displayed 
Only Can Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 

$515-8 Speed wav 349-4127 

A U C T IO N 
SAT. MAY 28-1o AM 
Plumbing supplies, electrical sup­ plies, auto ports, point, com­ pressor, hoses, point pots and guns, point shakers, jock, vise, pumps, trim sow, shaper. Singer sawing machine, hydraulic hoist, engine heist, pickup rack, 5oo Case 
Tractor with scraper, corn picker, 3 plows, 25 ft. horse trailer, pull type grader, saddles, butane tanks, tire, radial tire, 3 trailers, 8x16 portable affile building, camper jocks, trucks tool boxes, and mony more terns. 

Vehicles-. ’77 I ton Ford, 72 Chevy 
I ton, 68 International 21 z ton, 
71 International Post Office Van, 
66 Ford F85o 3 ton Tulsa Winch, 
6o cu. ft. concrete mixer with gasoline engine, 4 backhoe front end loader, 75 Chevy luv truck. 
Many More items. 

MARKET VENDORS INVITED 
OPEN FOR INSPECTION fri. noon 'til 4 PM 

FLOYD HALL, AUCTIONEER 
TX-GS-7 7-o268 
Coliseum Sates Co. 
224-6661 
2942 E. Houston St. 
(I block west of Jot freeman Coliseum) 
San Antonio, TX 782o2 

922 * MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
Specie! This W e e k 
N ew Spinets 
$ 7 9 5 
Choose from Traditional, italian Provincial, french 
Provincial, ond 
Spanish 
Oak. DUO-ART Plover Pi­ anos. 
Knable 
Rosewood square Grand like new 
Spinel style Pianos like 
New from $495 
N EW Viscount 
Electronic O rga n s 
Shop with ut end Serve 
Low O ve rhe ad 
NAVARRO 
P IA N O C O . 
17o2 N. COLORADO 

7 3 4 - 6 4 6 3 

AKC Golden R e trie v e r Puppies, 
Show background. «28 3855______ 
AKC Golden Retriever Pups. field and show b a c k g ro u n d a 17$. 
681-3936; *81-3593 
AKC G reat Done Harlequin 
RS 
C R O FFPED 

H o lt G e rm a n S h ep h erd H a lf 
Alaskan 
Husky puds. 
925-S3o 
1-379-3343 
H appiness is a B oxer Puppy, males, females $55. aq. 333-o765. 
H IM A L A Y A N K IT T E N S , Reg 
S5o-UO. 922-1791._____ _ 
_____ _ 

 old Bay M a r*. *79-7335. 
I Hay tor sale. Good quality Good 

Coil: 494-3619 

NEW M OLLAND Seif P ro p e lle d 
B aler Needs some re p a ir G en­ e ra lly good condition S2995 
THE TORGERSON CO 
533-5145 
739 Sieves 
OW AT (IN A w Tn DROW E R , s e lf p ro p e lle d , diesel p o w e re d , H v druxtattc drive, a ir cond cub exc cond $745o 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
533-5HS, 739 tte ve s_______ 
R O C K"?IC H BR , h y d ra u lic to n - 
Iro l int 23o1 Nogotitee, 534 671 1 

EXC. bloodlines $»oo 658-1365 
AQHA IO y r old Western Pleasure 
More. Sound, Gentle. Also New 7 norse Hale T ra ile r *9oo. F irm . I 
1-569-4422. 

TTorsIF a u c tTo n "— 
Sunday, May 22 of JPM 
A ll kinds of hones ond new and u se d ta c k . 
H o rs e s a lre a d y c o n sig n e d . C o n sig n m e n ts w et come Somerset Livestock Soles, 
622 9216. 
HOME TR AIN IN G 
Obedience or 
Personal Protection 
226-3533 sh le tte r Puoppies A K I 

M ALE, 
64o-1263 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
Reasonable 
• 
655-9192 
AKC Irish Setter Pups, 8 wks 51oo 
656 58o3 Q uality Dogs__________ 
AKC LABRADORS vs-Blks-ChoCs o26 331 
Yellows-Blks-ChoCs 126-3393 
AKC Lhasa A r m ' Puppies, Beau- fltul. w ill take best offer to good homes. 654-7o47, 7 p.m. - 9 p rn. 
AKC Min Dachshund Puppies, l l 
Wks, 695-9264 

AK C P e k in g e s e p u p s 7 w k s , I white female I dark mole 344 8)48 
AKC POODLE Puppies, white, 5 weeks old. 534-9o42. 
____ 

9o7 - FURNITURE 

LACK'S Discount Warehouse 
Used Furniture ond Appliances 
943 COLISEUM DR. 
225-7444 
S leeper sofa, $i29l9$. ie e tio n q j sofa. $49.95. B e d ro o m s u ite s , complete, $99.95 UP. 
Fawcett Fulton 
416 
Doloroso 
227-6512 
9o9 - PAWN BROKERS 
SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
DIAMONDS 
P LA T IN U M 
GOLD 
SILVER 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
JE W E L R Y » F O R IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES ANO ESTATES 
325 ALAM O PLAZA 
224-1424 

918 COINS I JEWELRY 
DeltviBw Coin Shop 
Buying and Selling 
Gold and Silver Coins, etc. 
2o* West Ave, 735-7131, 9 3o-6 PM 

JH taro 

ORGANS PIANOS 
HAMMOND 
EVERETT 

RODGERS 
KAWAI! 

CABLE NELSON 

N B W Prom *495 
Used From‘'195 

425 N. Main 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star 344-o248 

AKC Red Doberman al Stud 
_______ 149-9589, onytim e________ 
AKC Reg! Buff Colored Spaniels J w k s , 2 m a le s le ft 5125 F irm . 
826-23o4 anytim e, 828-6653 a tta r 5 til 8 p.m. 
A K £ 7 Reg. “Chow" PuppW s-biock,' 
Coli alter 6, 1-512-995 3785________ 
AKC Registered Yellow Labrador 
R etriever. 1-379-9788.____________ 
AK C R e g is te re d G re a t D ane 
P u p p ie s, 7 m a le s , § fe m a le s , 
Fawn with Wack mask. 1-595 1879 after 5PM 
__________ 
AKC registered Doberm an pupsT 
Black and rust 4 wks old. 118 Hwy 
81 South. 922-9859 
AKC reg iste re d , black and Ion 
A ire d a le m a le . I 'j y r s . s 1oO. 
1-3*3-74*4, D'Hanis. 
________ 
AKC Reg Lhasa Apso Pups, Only 
4 left, in ternet'! Ch. Sired. 455-7289 after 6:3o 
_________ 
AKC Reg SPRINGER SPANIEL^ 
Male, 2 yr $5o 494-7535 
AKC SAMOYBD PUPS 
Shots, worm ed. 1-358 esoi 
|AKC Shelties, T ri Females, Super 
[Temperament, health guaranteed 
1*51-5564.________________________ 
U K C Shetland Sheepdogs (M in 
Conies) short, worm ed 673-7776 

$ 2 o .o o A M o n th R ents 
A BALDWIN PIANO 
R e n t A p p lie s on P u rch a se 
SIMS BALDWIN 
6 2 3 Lock h ill- S e lm a Rd 

3 4 4 - 4 8 3 9 
W in d s o r P a rk M a ll 

$ 8 4 - 6 7 7 7 

ATTENTIO N CHURCH 
AND MUSIC LO VBRSI 
R e tire d d e a le r W A R E H O U S E 
CLOSEOUT. Absolute wholesale plus the cost o f th is od. K IM ­ 
B A L L ’ S F in e st C h u rc h O rg a n , complete w ith 2 stereo cabinets. 
Large selection of K im b all Home 
Organs, Kim ball G rands, Studios, 
A rtis t Consoles, A rtis t S pinets. 
O pportunity of your life tim e. A ll instrum ents m ust gal P lane O r­ g a n D is c o u n t W a re h o u s e ,91# 
Main Si .Bastrop, Tx. Bv appoint­ m ent only anvtim e-dav,evening. 
Sunday, 1-321-3o79. Let rin g 2o times. 
________ 
V* Baits v io lin , E u ro p e a n "han d mode, best offer I 379 -29 33^^^H 

I D octor's investm ent Group is in- 
Iterested in buying coins, stamps, irolls, proofs, gold. F ranklin M inis, letc Contact Or Vogt, 736-2o/9 
Is2o Gold, $23o Each £ofi Even lings or Weekends 342-o744. 

Man's M k t. Solid gold watch and band. 4 o 4 - 1 o 9 $ . _____________ 

Beautiful refinished P olar Piono. 
Call after 6pm. 494-3546. 

 c IF t c h e t t p ia n o c o . 
Ne Time Lim it an Rental* 
Rental Purchase Plan 
19o7 W Woodlawn 
734-4217 

AKC S IB E R IA N HUSKY PUPS, 
Line bred, Ch. Bloodlines. Black and white, some w ith blue eves. 
Our Dogs are bred from sled ra c ­ ing parents. $2oo. N a n b il't Hus­ kies, Coil for appt 342-8973 
AKC S iberian H usky Stud Ser vice. Copper and W h ite ; B lack and White Males. Exc. C onform a­ tion. Proven Studs USO Call to r 
Appt. Nonhlt's Huskies, 342-o973. 
AKC S p rin g e r S paniel puppies 
Champion sired. 622-3242________ 
AKC ST. BERNARD 
Puppies_________ 
44o-3244 
AKC. W e im a ra n o rs C h a m p io n bloodline 6 wks 6o4-4743 
Am erican Eskim o Guppies, 7 wks 
Old SSO. 674 1718 
Am F ie ld T ria l t h . Line Eng.' 
Setters. Voce- $5o. 824-7788 
ANIMAL DEFENSE 
League, 113oo Nacogdoches Rd. 
Pets shown 7 days (9-11:3o a.m., 
1-4 p .m .) Need L o vin g H om es. 
T e rrie r, C h ihua hua, S hepherd, 
Puppies, K ittens, M any O thers. 
Ail Shots. 655-1481 
A P R IC O T TO F P O O D LE Stud 
Service, Reasonabte 342-1962 
Basenjis, adult m ale and female - 
$1oo.oo For breeding purposes or pets. 
Had all shots. 
Call 
$12-482-4487. 

 iris h Setter Pupppies 
Ch. 
Bloodlines. 
Show 
623-4423. 

Reg quality 

Irish Setter Pups S4o 
342-1o95 
735-o556 
K itte n ; F R E E To Good Home, 
Tabby Mole, P layful. 824-8471 
L a b ra d o r P uppies, B lk, unreg, moles 
$25. 
Fem, 
$2o 
6 wks, 
826-3542_ 
_____________ 
La rge Red D o berm an P in ch e r; 
A tta c k tra in e d 
P a p e rs . $25o. 
224-1831, 225-6144 
L a s s ie T y p e C o llie P u p s, Po- rebred, A ft 5 weekdays, a ll day weekends 659-o422 
____ 

A SHELL HOME built on your lot w ith in 5o m i of S A.- C a rpe ntry labor ond m aterials iow as $9 per sqJt. See our plans or call today. 
H o rie fo r sale, excellent rid in g 
I S S ' ! I?o!!? J!??!!'} ........... S f f f ,or o,1 B B * a,*° broodm are m ust 
I SS ' i l t l t iee ont! ri<(e to appreciate 
$45o 
3 BR, 2 bath (1o55ft.) 
. . . . . $9495 : o 4 . 11x2 
3 BR, 2 both <14o41* ) 
. ... $12,434 1 
With $1oo down, financing a va ila ­ ble to qualified buyers. 
Moffett Lumber Co 
1 Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N .Zarzam ora 
432-7881 

I Horses 
Palom ino, A ra b ia n and 
Colt, Q tr, saddles, tack 1-295-2*51 j H orse Stables by UTSA, B o a rd and Feed |75 a mo. Eng R iding a v a ila b le . By E u rop ean P enth alen Days 734-4127, Nite 699-3411 

A u s tra lia n S h e p h e rd P u p p ie s 
(Good Stock Dugs) 8 wks. 494-2471 
Days, 494 729o otter 6 p.m. 
__ 
B a b y C a lv e s " *3 o -*$ b ’ ’ d r a s s 
Calves S6o-S1 IO, 922-8449. 
BABY PIGS FOR SALE 
684-249) a m , 1-334-2561 ort 6. 
I 

_ s 
L 
, d 
BlANKEM SH iP RANCH 
6 lo ve a b le p u p p ie s, need good 
Registered B rahm an Heifers homes. 4 m oles, 2 fem a les. AM j Bulls. 512-824 9773 adorable. *) »#, 494-2896--------------- V b lM n im m e n to V cow w ith *4 

Lim ousin for sale I J* Bull I • ta, I 
- ta H eifer 69o-9543. 
_____ 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E ve ry Sal Livestock and ranch 
_ _ _ supplies, consignments welcome. 
1 12 m i SW S A Macdona, t x 
! 
M ILK COWS 
*26-272o____ 
No. I Fertilized Coastal B erm uda and H°v *f ?* POr ba,o tn horn Suth- 
I erland Springs 25 bales m inim um 
224-8141, 826-4o27.______________ 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steve* 
$33-5145 

Track loader 
6 G A llis C h a m b e rs , I ta y a r d b u c k e t and d o z e r, p lu s b ru s h clam p ond back drag attachm ent. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , m u s t s e ll soon Test drive tra cto r at Vance 
Jackson at C allaghan, W ill help finance. 496-8J3o_______________ 
TRACTOR LO AD ER 
IH C 424 D ie s e l, 3 P f, $345o. 
64o-1131, 454-267*. 
T R E N C H IN G : IOO ft ■ 1o,ooo It w a te rlin e *, and b u rle d ca b le s. 
137-ooo ! 8 a,rn • IO p.m. 

Moving lo Apt. Female irish Set­ ter amos old fu lly house broken. 
No popers $35. 673-5o52 

 heifer cow af side. 1-535-4497. 
O PEN HORSE SHOW. K ic k e rs 

MUST SELL Reg Tonkinese Kit lens 512-868-4675; S.A. 694-8561. 
Need Good Home for 5 mo Spitz 
Puppy $5o. 69»-13t4; 691 1339. 

■*•■■■■■ 
- 1 
.....r ■ Corner, Atascosa, Tx May 22nd 
Classy .5 buckskin gelding Top ■ 
„« *n in n m cornu c in rl rn p e rfo rm a n c e prospect, 3rd A I 

Need Good Home for 2 Kittens, * wks, I bobtail fem. I yellow male 
FR E E ! 344-4884._______ 

H alter yearling, 1st Southern A I. h alter, 4th. AZ. prospective run- ning. Tucson. AZ. I 4o2-8S9 38o5 
Coastal Hay $1.85 Charoiais Bull 
$5oo Cibolo 658-7568 

Books open IO o rn. Show Start at 
Noon. 412-343o ; 922-6)85, 679 788o 

PIGS FOR SALE 
Reg. Chester- Whites, M arion, Tx. 
4>»-2o>o Qftor 6 p m . 
C oastal hay, si,SO bale, heavy 
IO Polled H ereford bulls, ready bales. 1-379-979o. 
O LD Eng 
Sheepdog P uppies 
AKC Reg. A ll m ots 836 5759 
Pair of Parrots, bv owner, ! male and I tamale, due to allergy must sell. 494-67o1. 
__ 
PEACOCKS For Sole 
4o4-4972 

•Coastal Sprigs .7o bu» 
Sutherland Springs t-947-137o 1-947-3379 

CORRUGATED IRON 
$18 95 per sa 
FLOW ERS LSR CO 
P e kinge se,"due m id M ay, AKC 
2567 Goliad 
333 *171 white parents 
HOO, 
433-2264 Ci/Moin hand made saddles, over rese rvations 
_______________ ! 5o o te t| s a d d le s in s to c k . 
Persian M iiam aiovn ally kittens! 
H u n d re d s of 1st ond 2nd lin e j fluffy charm ers $15 up. 694 2889 
POODLE, Black Min. I yr female. 
696-4255 
________________ 
P O O D LE P U P S F o r' Sole . 'no papers. $34-o648. 

822-9291 

 boot* ft and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, San M arcos, Tx. 
I 392-4676_________________ 
CUSTOM HAY*BALING 
453 98Co____________ 
¥ an cy I * 1* W estern to d d le ; buck 

 tor service, fe rtility tested. Con- js ig n e d to P e rry K a lliso n ’t L a st i Round Up Sale at Stock Y a rds, 
M a y 27, 1977. W ie sn e r B a r w 
' Kqnch- 826 BOSI. 
_____ 
1 35Pr F*1,” Brohm o-H oir Cow ond 
I Coli Pairs. 424 2249 oil 6pm______ 
Proven B a rre l Horse, Ready to 
I Hoot E xc fo r Youth A c tiv itie s 
512-732 *544, 512-278 788o after 6 p.rn 
________ __ 
RANCH FENCING b V BENKE 
674 15o4 
Req. Appaloosa G elding, S ta t* 
P le a su re Cham pion, m ony p e r­ form ance and halter wins, kin d disposition $1oo, I 321-SSS* (near 
A ustin). 
___________ __ 
... r 
Reg H alf Arabian colt, yearling, rtashy chestnut and white aolni leather tack, new 525o. 457-o149 
Puppies, M other Norw egian Elk 
F eip* D e luxe 2 H orse, Tandem hound, E xcellent Pets and Watch 
Dogs, 6 Wks old $5. 694-2346. 
P u re b re d G e rm a n S h e p h e rd 
Puppies, f35-54o, 742-378o Poteet 

 iro n er, like new 344 8o43 
FELPS H O R S E ,STOCK 
AND GOOSENECK TR AILER S 

Also black and white paint brood m a re , 6 y rs 13 hand*, w e ste rn 
I pleasu re sadd le. 1-379-2499_____ _ 
R e g is te re d , P o lle d H e re fo rd 
B u ll* , C om e See M ake O ffe r, 

You’ll be amazed at the bargains you find in the 
Want 
Ads! 

C a ll 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

Reg. Chinchilla Persian Kittens. I y r C hinchilla mole, Fine Stud. 
681-3*3*. 
____ 

S a les, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , o n d 453 1855 or I 5*2-3251. 
T railer Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
"'p / n .r t 'w :.7tiT r n a ,n u „ n 
(S. W W W hite Rd.) 333-1611. 
H ereford B u lls, a ll 

Felps 14’ OPEN Stock $927 
'' QUE* 1-424 3575, 341-76o8 

Reg. Lilo c and Chocolate P oint 
Siamese Kittens. *53-o295, 
___ 
___ 
REG. Pit Bull At Stud, op Blood 1 f« l# line. Must See $75. 732-1529 

HARRIS W ESTERN CENTER 
422-93oo 
Lytle 
I 772-3*34 
Peg 
M ares, S everal N ice 

RUSSIAN-BLUE Persian Kittens. 
Lovable Treasures. $22-74oo 
S IA M B SE K IT T E N S M A L E ” 
WEEKS OLD, SIS 344 6225 
S IBE R IAN HUSKIES 
I 995 2543 
Small C hihuahua Puppies, Rea son able Stud Service 924-77o9 
Small' Fem ale Lon ghaired Dog J f h o u se b ro ke n , is housedog b u t) zizr- m u sl have goad ya rd . Has a ll 713-331-4o31. shots, 21 .■ yrs not spayed. S25 
*9o-1498. o fte r J p.m. 
_______ 

3 Reg B rood M ares w ith Colts an Side. 1-996 3511. 
For Sale Reg Qtr Horses 
Devine, Tx. 663-4751 
F’5 r SALE 
32 Santa G ertrudis cows from 2 to 6 years of age All c a ttle o r ig in a lly fro m 
R a n ch calves by side others w ilt scan coif No papers $45o.o8 per cow. 
G.J Haves, m d 
P o. Box 551, 
T e x a s 
7751 1. 
O ffic e 
713-331-4283; 
Residence: 

- ^., r - 
Srpod Type. 227-1568. 
REG. T P M are IO yr old Smooth riding Jum ping over 3 ft. $1ooo. 
1-443-5275. 
SPEC IAL HORSE AUCTION 
Somerset Livestock Barn. Black 
Tenn, W alking Gelding, I yr*, old, 
Reg Appaloosa Geldings, M ores 
K in g a n d o th e rs . F ro m D o llw o o d 
No o u tc ro s s . is w ith Form s Noon Sunday May 22 
__ 
.iM 
■— spirited Sorrel Gelding *3oo. Sad die and Tack $1oo. 341-4o46 
SPRIGS 
COAST CROSS I 
T T T RANCH J Tudyk 
648 1678 
For Sale T e n a s Pride. 4 yr old , 
■ 
» 
- 1 
Q tr M a re S o rre l, A p p e n d ix W ill boa rd your horse and tm re . 

S p itz p u p p ie s , 
8 purebred. 826-7594 w k s . o ld , 

T o y poodle, 
494-1287 

AKC. Stud Service 696-158o 

 shots, wormed *85 658 71/6 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
S A. Dog B reeders R e ferral vice w ill put you in touch w n e a rb y r e p u ta b le b re e d e r. 
494-7787, 473-44o3 
Y oung C e c k o tie ls , P a ra k e e ts 
Canaries. 241-43S8M|«MgMg|ajgs 
ZEBRA FINCHES 
■ 
Call 341 6358 

‘9?? MMSICJU. tttSTmffHTS 
TA m pntiers^rorw 3ta7Tu!n!o™ land tw eeter, has equalizer, 6 m ike la c k *1,ooo Cosh. 222-oo72 o r 
(J433 6U98 ort 6pm_________________ 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 
NEW AND USED PIANOS AND 
O R G AN S A T B IG S A V IN G S , some as low as *345. Antique 
Knots*, a rare bargain, d ic k e r ­ ing Grand, like new, only $299$. 
New Spinets, $788, large selection. 
Also Renl-fq-Buy 
Dactwrt’s Music Plaza 
Southside 213-4151 14*o Nogoiilos 
North side 4S4-444! $23$ Wolzam 
(3 blk*. East of Windsor Mott) 

Hammond Sounder Organ. Like j new. $*#o. 435-o34o 
Kimball electric (Mayer plane, like new, $128o. 433-7o24____________ _ 
Large Selection of Antlaue 
PLAYER PIANOS 
I 
EO GAIDA * 
I 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO. 
Im p* N.FIores 
733-1544 
ILowrev Gen! 44 Rhythm Section 
I Built-in Tape cassette, 4 mas. 
■ old, 
Asking 
SI SOO 
Must 
Sell. 
14 4 1 - 3 5 « 3 . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ H 

82? MUSICAL mnumBITS 
I? ? • IWfttCAl UHnUlNIENTS 

PIAN O , Brand Steger A tan s, new finish $995. 497-368*_________ 
P lANO-Emerson Upright. *3oo~ 
922-9427 wkdays a fte r 4pm, all day wk ends.____________________ 
PIANO, Grand Braubach, *995. 
Winier 
Compony 
Spinet 
*49Sj 

 lORGANi ond P IA liid l R E N T e I option to bvv-no lime limit 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
MO# NOGALITOS 
223-6151 
5235 WALZEM RD. 
454-6661 
P IA N O , an tiq u e 
E a s tw o o d 
Knob#, $375. *#4-3994 
P IA N O -B a k v G ra n d . K o h le r- 
Campbeli $12o# or best otter. 
342-19*2 
. 
. 

494-1292. 
™ l 'I TS ***• 
-------- 
U ru le c o s ie r' T i'eo. S p ip h o ^ fg tlfo a ^ S liu V o v 

Ventura 12-string, $se. Ventura 
6-string. *4#. o24-5o92. 
Thomas Organ ^oliternian US. like new, Si*## 444-o449__________ 
TR O M B O N E—BACH, excellent condition 344-8o34. 
Wont t# buy used Saxophano*. 
POV <B*h, 213-41 SI. 
Yamaha mn 
$75. 655-1944 
' m r a n a r 

I Yamaha Some! Piano Used 2 yrs! 
[m atching bench, p e rfe c t f in itff 
3 hrs! SPOO 733-1346 
I 
924 NW&RIES, UHDEN J 

I InsfonrgreanKouse^^ lie r ms, free dei, 9 2 4 -s # # 3 ^ ^ ^ M 

H H 9 B n v H S 9 n i H $ E l o s 
I DdN-EN Box 1o387, N o n o M ^ U 

 j f i j E S M 
E m f* : 
3^8 Buciteve w ith 4-71 GMC ii speed differential on wheel, hyl jdraulic conveyer, m ulti speed 
'tra c k d riv e d iffe re n tia l. 92 
Cleveland with continental gas, l l ' bucket, 14” cut, ISS Parson, e x tra c lean , w eekd ay s I t o 
137.77oo sat. #-12. m 

SELL 

I For Sate 4 yr, old AGHA stallion, Would Uke to hay# IOO to 2oo Cows show s 
E n g lis h o r w e s te rn . on h a lv e s , good p a s tu re s a n d 
221-2314 or 227 1568, 655-4o12 wafer 512-277-4518 
Gataclng G elding 7 yrs plus Tack. 2 vear old Appaloosa m are, halter 
Exc for hildren 525o. 1-438-7351 brake, $2oo. 927-5584 
GELDING-5 years old $4oo. Sod 
3 year old registered Appaloosa die and tack *2oo Rodeo per ter- stallion, halter brake, good m ark- mance. (1) 742-3657 in#*, *6oo 927-5584. 
Gentle Reg, B rahm an bulls 18-24 8 y r old Appaloosa m ore, *35o. mos Few Melters. 633-o*67 
Spirited but gentle 696-295o 
Half A rab Y e arling Cod, B rother 9 y r, OM m are buy 15 3 bonds 
I lo Nat l Ch $45o. 227-156$. 
Hunter lum per 55oo i 537-489? 
| 

o 2 6 
M A C H H ttR Y TOOLS 
S26 * MACHINERY TOOLS 

I Bulldozer, HD ll , AC, perfect tai ail held w o rk Winch, h yd ro u llc straight blade, new pads, m otor recently overhau led, very good condition 1-393-3117. 

D I b u lld o z e r c a b le c o n tr o l. I 
Power shirt IS hrs since m a jo r I overhaul I 915-337-5 221, 8 to 5. 

FO R SALE OR LEASE 
Dozier*, Scrooers and Blade 
Call I 885 4457 or I 885-7144 
Cable Tool OH D rilling Rig 3,2oo ft 
, new d rill line, complete with tools, j 512-476-98o6 
FO U N D A TIO N RIG 
SET UP FOR SALE 
Victor Melio 626 2174 
CASE BACKHOES 
CASE 1972 S8oB tra c to r-lo a d e r- 
, backhoe, Si2,*oo 
CASE 1975 85o loader, 4-N-1 buck­ et, 526,5o# 
Call Tom M cCabe 923-6353, G i­ ra rd M a c h in e ry A Supply 3428 
Roosevelt, San Antonio 

75o tt 2.8 W ilding Cable ,8oc ft. 
333-9292. 
Gafllon 5o3a Motor G rader (die­ sel Eng. Serial No. MDo5542. M a­ chine Is in exc. cond *13.75o M ille r 
Curb B uilder Model NC65o Like 
N ew *2 7 5o. I 997-312*. 8 to 5. 
1-997 42o5 art 6. 
CASE M odel 1537 b u b b e r tire 
I Urn loader Goad fires, good con­ dition 
545oo. 
Canyon 
Loke 
I (1)935-2112 

26 HYDR AULIC TR E N C H JACKS 
224-6162 
IHC, TD-7C DOZER, 4 way My drautic biod*. Ropes canopy, ex­ cellent condition $12,5oo. Canyon 
Lake (11935 2117 

Clark 4ooo lb, 12’ solid tire fo rklift. 
Recent overhaul and paint, 55ooo. 
, 914-5561 

And it's ##ty! Just celt us today and we'li put your low-cost ad in print. 

For axtra cash, soil th#t stroller. , . now! 

Call 225-1666 

Sell no longer needed household items in tho 

Ixpress-News 

Merchandise 
Nut 

 en 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 t 

o9346879 

o1285282 

Peg* T2-C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 

95o Bandera • 3719 Blanco Rd. • 2o2o Austin Hwy. • 3 »26 So. New Braunfel: 

134o Callaghan Rd. • 3622 Fredericksburg Rd. 
• 611 S. W.W. White Road 

U21o8 MILITARY DR. N.W. AND 
1515 PLEASANTON RD. 

S 
S 
CSS 
■S> 
THRU M s m iii; 
M A K Y Z & 
W & m 
W 1&77 <: 
PREMttJM 

$ 
A 
* 
U 
I 
THE M O NEY SA V ER 
WAREHOUSE 
?$S2g£\ 

‘STORE----- 
S am.W/1opu 

 y S U /c /rz . g tJ lP iA /& fS £ r/Z 
<ZOC¥Z£ ac? „ 
Aa / / / jz r/z t e. 

/2<?Z. <%AK$ az 

PKc& f x t y i f fa o tftR r 
L m / c . 

SAHDMCH V A W M cte/tfzeo M a g&XP tiff Af/UC fM 
/$ £ /£ > . C C ?/4A =?., 
/ . d Z tftc O fS \J Z S & . 

 p t/* ;A & & £ r < £ & a /o 

_____ 
3 ^ M 3 3 

 ta * w v * com 

/•/&. 
^ 
o € ? A *y A G B O s e e r 
J ib e # 
/t& e c > gmwtfifgreAK & 
T « 
7 
'p fiE rg // 
**? AT&R&J 
B isr-reR B A LU OK A R M O U R 
OROUKE*se e p & 7 8 f //e s/7 i/R x & y g & .& 9 f 

( Ililih 

AND m c. 
CARRS 
< s \ y'v /V * 
SAR ANTONI 

*<.»•/ 

FRESH 
SALAD 
TOMATOES 
'll .la rge crisp STALKS filii 
" 
CELERY Md 

FRESH 
HEAD 

 tm 

LETTUCE 

YELLOW 
MEXICAN 
ITALIAN 
SQUASH 

ISS. 

 mm'tty 

 r n lyCXv^ /\M 

 rsfr.v. 
& k< w 
- ft 
C * 
C f 

CV 

SWEET JUICY 
TEXAS 
ORANGES 
PEARS ae 
I n iA N c 
L t m U l f O 

-'■ R J 

/fate & 7 Q R S R O U S S 9 a m 

Built-ins galore seen 

 in Burns Co. houses 

The added expense of furnish­ ing a new home has been dra­ matically reduced with innova­ tive built-in units in qualitv- built, energy-saving homes by the Burns Co. 
Designed to utilize a1! available space to give you more living space for your money, the built-ins eliminate the necessity of many furniture pieces most first-time homeowners lack. 
Three areas 

A Burns Co. home in The Great 
Northwest, Hidden Forest or Royal 
Ridge can be the dream-come-true answer for the family on a budget who wants the advantages of home owner­ ship without the expensive task of fur­ nishing a complete home. 
With built-in units in the kitchen, den and some children's bedrooms, only the dining and master suite re­ main to be completely furnished. 
Kitchen activity may be centered around an updated version of the breakfast nook plan so popular during the 2os, with a corner area complete 

 with built-in seating and coordinated table, all under a shelved plant win­ dow. 
A home laundry center is tucked in­ conspicuously away behind pantry doors in one plan, and the stacked washer and dryer units are part of the total top-of-the-line General Electric appliance package. 

W-oodburning fireplaces and furni­ ture-finished cabinetry and bookcase units are standard features in Burns 
Co. homes, with one design including a roll-out TV cabinets, completely an­ tenna-wired. under the stair landing. 
Toy storage, drawer and cabinet space, built into the walls, and com­ partmented closets help keep chil­ dren's rooms neat and organized with­ out a lot of additional furniture. Some children's bedrooms boast recessed bed alcoves, complete with six-inch foam mattresses and storage ^drawers beneath the bed. 
Every Burns Co. home is built with the proven “ Power Saver" construc­ tion techniques to reduce the major cause of increased utility bills: air in­ filtration. The Burns Co. seals their homes during several stages of eon* 

BURNS CO. presents ‘The Rockwood’ as furnished ‘Power Saver’ model 

 struction to eliminate the unnecessary flow of air into or out of your home that creates increased heating and cooling requirements and increased utility ex­ pense. 
While 9o per cent of the added en­ ergy-saving techniques are invisible in a completed home, the difference they will make will be clearly visible oil your monthly utility bill. 
The Burns Co. invites all prospective homeowners to see the advantages of owning a “ Power Saver" home this weekend. Representatives w ill be happy to show interested persons the power-saving techniques in homes under construction and the space-sav­ ing creative built-in units in their fin­ ished models. 
Located iii The Great Northwest and 
Hidden Forest. Burns Co. models are open daily, except Wednesdays, from noon to 6 p.m. To reach The Great 
Northwest, drive north id' NAV. Loop 
41o on Culebra Road to EM 471. turn left and follow signs. Hidden Forest is located off Bitters Road, north of NAV. 
Loop 41o on Blanco Road. For a per­ sonal preview of homes in Royal 
Ridge, phone either of the foremen­ tioned areas' sales office. 

■ 
' 
'W iU iii'k . 
... t 
UMI 
*• • 
>;< I- *■'» 
„ iii/jill 11 It lh 
/ J f 
///cl I ™ 
IMM 

HERITAGE PARK ESTATES home shown by F & C Construction Co. this weekend 
Heritage Park Estates showing fine example of F & C Construction 

This new spacious four-be­ droom home at 171o Autumn 
Woods in Heritage Park Estates is an excellent example of the fine quality new homes of F & C 
Construction Co. 

Its Kill per cent masonry exterior is 
Mediterranean-inspired with distin­ guished arches and a wrought iron en­ closed courtyard. 

Paneled living area 

Inside, a formal entry boasts cera­ mic tile and a brick wall separating it from the living area. In the huge single living area, the other side of this wall becomes a warm brick fireplace with mantel. A beamed cathedral ceiling and extra large picture window en­ hance the spaciousness of this paneled living area. 
The breakfast room is adjacent and features a large beckoning bay window seat. The kitchen includes Magic Chef self-cleaning oven, decorator vent hood, dishwasher and disposer. A se­ parate utility room has the conven­ ience of. a large pantry as. well as a broom do^ot and ■■washer-dry cr con­ nections. In the two-ear garage, there is even more storage space. 
A variegated gold sculptured shag carpeting is found in the living room, hall and all four bedrooms. Central air 

 and heat, as well as smoke detectors, are included. 
The master suite has a walk-in closet and private bath with marble \unity top sink and full ceramic tile tub ar­ eas. An added touch is the charming window seat in the master suite. 
A second bedroom features an entire wall of closet aud built-in shelves, making it perfect for an office or study. Each of the other bedrooms is spacious and has plenty of closet space. 
A linen closet in the hull and another luxury bath with a skylight complete the convenience of this new home. 
Priced at $47,5oo, this home can be 

 purchased with either VA or convell-.* lienal financing. 
You can see this and other new homes by F & (’ Construction Co. today in Heritage Park Estates, a prestigious north San Antonio community. 
The preferred North East District schools, including Churchill High, serve the community. There s a beau­ tiful new shopping center within walk­ ing distance, and the North Express­ way, when completed, will be nearly 
To reach Heritage Park Estates, drive north of NAV, Loop 41o on San 
Pedro Avenue lo Brookhollow Drive and turn right. Proceed approximately one mile to Heritage Park Estates. 

Read the Express-News 

Each Sunday in 
Classified Real Estate 

|^ N \ r *1 
/y* 
$an Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
Page 
I D 
» w r r 
1 ■ 
AV— Ifo LARGEST CLASSIFIED AED REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS ^ ---- /T 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 

 i i i a 
J 
COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES „ 
V f 

CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P LA Y 
CLASSIF IED D IS P L A Y 

 f l f f y p t ip ' 

W e at Liberty Homes believe that every family has the right to participate in the American dream of home ownership. This is why we build homes you cap add to at your leisure. W e feel that you should have the “ liberty” to choose exactly what you want. 

C A ^tr 

E L 
G R A N D E 

3 bedrooms 
2 baths 
2 car garage 

2 CA» GARAGE 

“quality built at a price you can afford.” 

IF 

F E D D E R S 
MAGIC CHEF 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY IO til DUSK. 

★ YOUR NEW LIBERTY HOME IS NEAR: ★ 

• 
UTSA 
• 
USAA 
• 
SOUTHWEST 
RESEARCH 
• 
KELLY 
& 

LACKLAND AFB • SOUTH TEXAS MEDICAL CENTER • AND THE 

PROPOSED NEW SUPER MALL AT INGRAM RD. & 41o 
Liberty Homes 
684*5655 
Windsor Homes 684*7o47 

Other homes available from *31,4oo to *39,1oo 

• NO CITY TAXES 

• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 
• NO DOWN V A. 

• NO CLOSING COSTS 

UTSA 

USAA 

IO 

Forrest %AM[D,CAL' f W r r e * 1 
«>\cENT£fi 
Glen r 
TO K ELLY 
8- LA C K LA N D sw 
RESEARCH 

U n iq u e . . . ’ 
SK M 

Unique is the only way to describe Tanglewood! 
Beyond its shaded entry, a community of exquisite homes awaits discriminating homebuyers. 

T angle wood is not for everyone. The luxuries of plush carpeting throughout, fireplaces, beamed cathedral ceilings, privacy fences and the little extras that give each home a distinguished quality . . . these are some of the features that make 
Tanglewood unique! 

, , 4 - - 

 kit 

 infer br 2 
A 

JdT 

 liv 

THE VISTA 
$42,6oo 

But see for yourself, furnished models are open daily until after dark. 

New Homes 
$39,ooo to $55,ooo 

 util 

 gar 

• ^ TANGLEWOOD 

Ray 696817o 
Ellison Homes 

P.O. BOX 52bo *SAN ANTONIO, TX 782o1 

 tau*! nousmc 
oFPo«tU«nr 

J* JI 
. Forrest G 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
CLASSIFIED P l A T 
CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 
CLASSIFIED OIS ALA T 

Orts homes affordable 

Moderately priced homes built by the repu­ table H. P. Orts Co. will be modeled this weekend in the long-established northwestern San Anton­ io neighborhood Thun­ derbird Estates, now of­ ten called ‘‘the last of the great locations.” 
H. P. Orts, a veteran builder acknowledged as a master craftsman, has taken great care to build these homes so they can be priced in a range af­ fordable to today’s aver­ age families. 
Model 
Orts has taken a stand against prohibitive costs of new housing. He firm­ ly believes that a fine home for the average fa­ mily does not have to be a 
‘ pearl of great price,” nor is it just a “ basic” home with no frill. 
An excellent example of the three- and four-be- droom homes rn Thun­ derbird Estates can be seen this weekend. The model is at 6oo3 Cloud. 
Typifying Orts’ affor­ dable homes in many 

THUNDERBIRD ESTATES homes modeled by Orts 

 ways, this model features a paneled den, formal dining room, walk-in clo­ sets, finished two-car garage, Carrier central heat and air condition­ ing, rear patio and Fri- gidaire appliances in the kitchen. 
Located well within 
Loop 41o, Thunderbird 
Estates is bordered by well known thorough­ fares: Ingram, Callagh­ an, Bandera Roads and 
N.W. Loop 41o itself. 
Each yields easy access to the Southwest Re­ search Institute, South 
Texas Medical Center, 
Roger Executive Center, 
Methodist and Veterans 
Administration hospi­ tals, Kelly and Lackland 
Owens set 
I for London convention 
* Robert E. Owens Sr. of 
Beanie Owens Co., koal- fiirs. here will be among 
Realtors and corporate 
Representatives of major 
North American and 
European multi-national 
Companies who will meet 

Mi London's Cafe Royal 
Thursday. May 26, for a special one-day seminar 
Oh the problems and op­ portunities involved in 
Colocating business exe­ cutives internationally. 
• Featured speakers at the conference include 
Relocation managers of lcxas 
Instruments; rite. Waterhouse & Co.; fiddle East construction specialist Richard Cos- 
#in Ltd.; and Giltspur 
Mullens Transport Ser­ g e s . an international transit company capable iii handling the physical transfer of both business equipment and employe households between countries. y 
Convention 
ICo-sponsored by Atlan­ ta-based Ail Points Relo­ cation Service (APRS), urn* of North America’s loading real estate refer­ ral associations, and 
Hroperty Agents Interna­ tional (P A I), London- bused network of real es­ tate companies in the 

* ROBERT E. OWENS 

United Kingdom and 2o other countries, the In­ ternal ional Relocation 
Conference will highlight a week-long convention for members of AUKS and PAI. 
Owens will join 3oo 
APRS delegates from throughout the U.S. and 
Canada who will travel to 
London for the conven­ tion. A special All Points charter flight is being operated from New York. 
APRS and PAI have joined forces to ease the burden of transferees moving from one country to another. With today’s increased global mobility and the specialized prob­ lems of language, work permits, legal and finan­ cial considerations in­ volved in moving between countries, it is more vital than ever before to offer a reloca­ tion service on an inter­ national scale, according to Owens. 
“ The professional real estate firm .” says 
Owens, “ can no longer think in local terms only. 
So much of our business consists of client refer­ rals from other cities that we have to think in broad geographical terms, so that we can service our past clients who arc moving away from San Antonio and al­ so give advance assis­ tance to individuals who will be moving to the ar­ ca. Understanding inter­ national relocation is an­ other step in this direc­ tion.” 
Local corporate repre­ sentatives who may wish to attend the Internation­ al Relocation Conference in London should contact 
All Points headquarters, 
P.O. Box 23241, Atlanta, 
GA 3o328 or call Janie 
Grimmitt locally at 
828-58oo for further de­ tails. 
Corte wins 
TAA post 

* At the annual conven­ tion of the Texas Apart­ ment Association recent­ ly in Austin, the dele­ gates selected Frank J. 
£orte of San Antonio as aet*retary of the state 
Organization for 
1877-1978. 
I Corte is president of 
Hie San Antonio Apart­ ment Association and a beader in multi-family 
Jevelopmont in Texas. 
Big role 

 v in accepting, Corte said, “ I am pleased to serve the state in this capacity. The role the 
TAA has taken in pro­ tecting the free enter­ prise investment of owners is substantial; plus, we have responsible f|ir legislation that helps police our own industry. 
These efforts I will con­ tinue to strive for along 
(lith continued education programs for the profes­ sional managers across 
Texas.” 
I Ed Hamel from Austin as elected president of e organization. Hamel i| vice president of NPC multi-family in Austin. 

FRANK J. CORTE 
Besides his duties with 
TAA and SAAA, Corte is chairman of the Bexar 
County Housing Authori­ ty and board member of 
Bexar County Water 
Control District No. 16. 
During the past five years, Corte successfully guided his companies out of the single-family busi­ ness into apartment construction and owner­ ship. His firms, Quest 
Homes and 
Pioneer 
Home Builders, current­ ly own and operate more than 7oo units in San An­ tonio. 

AFBs, a multitude of shopping centers, res­ taurants and entertain- 

CLASSIFMD D ISM A Y 

 ment spots and otner major destination points. 
The neighborhood is 

CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 

 within the preferred 
Northside School Dis­ trict, and all levels of education are nearby, some even within walk­ ing distances. 
The exclusive market­ ing agent for Orts’ new series in Thunderbird 
Estates is Cornelius & 
Associates, Real Estate. 
The firm’s owner, Walt 
Cornelius, invites other brokers to participate and cooperate in sales for this area. 

CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y - 

Howto customize your Dream Home to a real wooded homesite. 

 syrian 
S S S **1 2 2 
IST*', .m 
I 

Choose a homesite with character. One that suits your personality.Then walk around on your land. Check out the placement of trees. Notice the slopes. Look at your view. 

And try to imagine living right there in the center of it all. What could be more natural? 

Here you will find a contemporary neighborhood blended into the landscape. Natural is the key to living at Green Spring Valley. 
2 

Sit down with your builder. 
Tell him what you like about your homesite. And plan your home around your lifestyle and your land. 

3 

Start living the natural easy pace of Green Spring Valley. 
The tennis courts, pools, cabana and park are yours to enjoy now, even before your home is completed. 

Here, in the rolling hills of the 
Northeast school district, is the beauty of San Antonio living. 

Homesites from $8,ooo 

Here is the place to make your 
Dream Home a natural hideaway for life. In the heart of schools, country clubs, shopping centers, freeways and the arms of 
Mother Nature. 

Wooded homesites now available at 
Green Spring Valley 

Obtain the H.U.D. Property Report from developer and read it before signing anything, H.U.D. neither approves the merits of the offering nor the value, if any, of the property as an investment. 

V i« 9 a 
■ t starts *«»««• att ttKLLivaiifii* 

Emerald Valley said answer 

New Windsor homes in E m er­ ald Valley are proving to be the answer to the housing needs of many people. These are afford­ able new homes in a commun­ ity which offers the advantages of swimming and tennis. 
Singles, single-parent families and young couples can enjoy the tax ad­ vantages of home ownership in Emer­ ald Valley, with new homes priced from $3o,65o. 

Couples whose children have moved away are also finding Emerald Valley homes most conducive to their way of living: less unused space and more luxuries. 

Payments are as low as $297 a month* — less than most rents. 
(*Based on VA purchase price of 
$3o,65o, no down payment, no closing costs and 36o equal monthly payments of $297 at an 8 per cent annual interest rate.) 
An important benefit of living in 
Emerald Valley is membership in the community club, which features a junior Olympic swimming pool and lighted tennis and basketball courts. 
Children attend the excellent North- side District schools. 
These new three-bedroom homes have all the luxury features you want. 
Fireplaces, sunken living areas, lux­ urious carpeting, cathedral ceilings, garden kitchens, patios and cnergy- 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 9 77 

A 
* 
EMERALD VALLEY models have impressed hundreds who have toured The G reat Northwest neighborhood 

 saving central air and heat. All-elec­ tric kitchens include range, hood, dishwasher, beautiful cabinets and pantries. 
There are no city taxes in Emerald 

Valley, which means a lower monthly payment. It’s in the vicinity of San 
Antonio’s next regional mall now under construction at Ingram Road and NAV. Loop 41o. 

.lust IO minutes away are UTSA, 
USAA and the South Texas Medical 
Center. The nearby expressway makes 
Lackland and Kelly AFBs most con­ venient. 

Furnished models are open daily' from It) a m. until dark. Just take , 
Culebra Road north of NAV. Loop tit) and follow signs to Emerald Valley,! part of The Great Northwest. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DI SP IA . - 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED (MLPLAV 

 mm 
’dsOR r n 

BUILD IN G C R E A T IV E LY 
FOR YOU inc 

BEST OF BOTH WORLDS! 

You're in a dilemma! 

You know you should own your own home . . . for INVESTMENT REASONS and TAX 
ADVANTAGES! 

But you're spoiled with your luxury apartment.. a swimming pool, maybe even tennis courts. 
You think a new home with luxury appointments and community benefits is out of your price range — WRONG! 

$318* mo. 

‘ Based on VA purchase price of $32,875, no down payment and 36o equal monthly payments at 8% annually. 

‘ BATH 

Do 

MASTER 
BEDROOM 

PATIO 

 r n 

KITCHEN 

L__ 

 r ■ 
. loo bo 

/ \ I 

DINING 
BEDROOM 3 

 i ii j | 

2-CAR GARAGE 

SUNKEN 

LIVIN G ROOM 

EN TRY 
PORCH 

 n 

BATH 

BEDROOM 2 

 ri 

■ NO CITY TAXES 

■ NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 

Come see the lovely furnished models in 
Emerald Valley today . . . where you can have the BEST OF BOTH WORLDS! 

Emerald Valley has all these luxuries . . . 

 fireplaces, carpeting, garden kitchens . . . plus a beautiful community club with swimming pool, lighted tennis and basketball courts . .. within YOUR BUDGET! 

New Homes 
$3o,65o to $33,7oo 

COMMUNITY CLUB 
■ Swimming 
■ Tennis 
■ Basketball 

© 

DIRECTIONS: 
Go north of Loop 41o on Culebra to FM 471, turn left, follow the signs 

 me raid alley 

(Olin MOOS IHG 
oP»WTu»i IT 
684-I383 
F E D D E R S y MAGIC CHEF 

• 3 & 4 Bedroom Homes 

• Corpeted-Fenced 
• Grass So^d-Fireplaces 

• All Conveniences 
• No City loxes 
• Two Story & Single Story 
Homes 
$5o,ooo $51,95o 

D ‘ i on't be surprised if someone tells you how great your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and 
« employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look 
I for our new red, white and « blue signs. For additional 
* information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great v homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our home­ owners. 
WM GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

’s homes 
Fox Run 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 hood. The room ’s high* light is the handy 
“ butcher block” for the hom em aker. As w ell, ample cabinetry is pro­ vided to match the decor. 

Adjacent to the kitchen is a u tility room with both shelves and cabinets in addition to all major appliance connections. It opens to the paneled two-car garage. 
This home contains. 
I ,64o sq. ft. of living area. 
M odestly priced at 
$48,65o, it can be pur­ chased with either VA or conventional financing arrangements. 
The two-level home at 
16522 Burr Hill boasts a biege brick exterior that encompasses its four be­ drooms and two baths. 
Also encom passed, of course, are the especially attractive informal din­ ing area with both paneling and wallcover­ ing as well as a garden 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 window overlooking a garden area and buffet with china cab in ets above and below; kitchen with the Frigidaire ap­ pliance package and cu­ shioned vinyl flooring and even two facin g countertops; paneled com bined living area with biege brick fir e ­ place boasting a carved mantel and enhanced by beam ed cathedral ce ilin g s; utility room which opens to both the two-car ga ra g e and backyard; dow nstairs m aster suite and three other bedrooms upstairs; and paneled two-car gar­ age with work or storage area recessed. 

The home contains 
1,77o sq. ft. of living area and is priced at $5o,95o. 
VA or conventional means of financing are available. 
Fox Run is often re­ ferred to as the “end of 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

BUILDERS ASSOCIATION 

RELEAS. 

Special Housing 
Benefits Available to 
U.S. Veterans 

Two of the greatest impediments to buying a home these days ore stiff down poyment re­ quirements and high mortgage interest rotes. 

 fortunately, some 
27 million veterans, who served in the armed forces since the beginning of World War ll, qualify for bclow- merket mortgage interest rotes as well as much less tringent down payment re­ quirements. 

The program of the 
Veterans 
Ad- ministration is best known as the VA no down poyment loan program. Under it, the govern- went guarantees lenders up to 6o% or 
$17,ooo, whichever is less, of a loon made to a veteran to purchase, construct, citer, im­ prove or repair a home or condominium unit approved by the VA. 

Because up to $17,5oo of a loan is guaran­ teed by the government, the lender, in most cases, can provide the loan to the veteran without a down payment. The amount of the mortgage loon, of course, is determined by the 

 by Frank Martupelli, 
President Greater San Antonio Builders Assocation 

 borrowers income and credit worthiness. 

Interest rotes on VA-insured loans usually run quite a bit lower than conventional mortgage rates. The present VA rote is 8 % . 

Here are some other facts about VA guaranteed mortgage loans: 
• Any VA-approved lending institution (savings and loan associations, mutuol savings banks, banks, insurance companies, credit unions or mortgage companies) may process a VA loan. 

• The repayment period of a VA loan may run as long as 3o years. 

• Before a home con be sold under the VA program, it has to be appraised by the VA to determine its fair market value. The amount of the mortgage cannot exceed the appraised value of the house, lf the purchase price exceeds the appriosed value, the difference may be covered by a down payment. 
• The VA will inspect the home while it is under construction to ensure that it meets accepted stan­ dards of good construction. 

• The VA will assist a veteran in handling valid complaints to correct any construction defects. 

• In legislation signed into law in 1974, VA loan guarantee limits were raised to $17,5oo from 
$12,5oo. This limit is raised periodically to toke into account increases in housing costs. 
• The 1974 legislation also allows a veteran to use his VA benefits more than once, for example, say you used the VA program to buy your first home in 1955. Once that mortgage has been paid off, you could sell that home and qualify for another VA loan on a new home. 

• lf your VA loan obligation has not been paid off or if the home you purchased through VA has not been disposed of (either bv sale or cosulatv loss), you are still entitled to use the difference between the benefits you have used Ona the new limit of benefits. for example, say you purchased a home through VA in 1965. You used the loon guarantee benefit to the then-maximal limit of $7,5oo. You now wish to purchase another home to be occupied by you as a residence buy you don’t want to sell the first one. You are entitled to use up to a $1o,ooo VA loan guaran­ tee on the new purchase. ($17,5oo less $7,5oo is $1o,ooo.) 
• lf you sell your current VA-purchased home to another veteran who wilt use his VA benefits to take over your present mortgage balance, then your VA benefits are restored fully to the $17,5oo limit. 

The first step for veterans in getting a VA loan is to obtain a Certificate of Eligibility from the VA. 
Check at the nearest VA regional office for this application and for additional information regarding VA heme loans. 

Great bedroom, 
Agnes and Harry Owens! 

 mmnim sj 
O PEN DAILY 1o-DARK — 6 5 4 - o 4 4 o - 3 4 4 - 1 6 2 4 

FOX BUN * 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
^ 
^ 
Great America models homes 

CLMVFttD a o w n t P P-**L>Y 
CLAVM1EP m s a l aV 

GREAT AMERICA hom es have striking contem porary designs 
Harrington showing in 

Fox Run, a northeas­ tern San Antonio neigh­ borhood of p restig e a quite esta b lish ed now, will be the setting for a special showing of two new homes by veteran builder G. E. Harrington. 
The thriving commun­ ity, secluded but certain­ ly not remote, has these two homes on Burr Hill 
Street as ones marketed by Red Carpet. Realtors. 
A ddresses 
The addresses to look for this weekend, then, are 16522 and 166*12 Burr 
Hill St. They also are ones you’ll want to look into or even move into. 
The three-bedroom , two-bath home at 166o2 
Burr Hill is a striking contem porary with a ruggedly handsome ex­ terior of ledge stone. The design even incorporates pillars of stone and beams over an attractive planting area. A lso, a series of clerestory win­ dows highlight the roof 
M atching the stone pattern outside is the masonry for the fireplace inside. It also boasts a gas loglighter and man­ tel with carved wood 
Saltillo tile is used to enhance the entry that leads to the carpeted for­ mal room and the living area which draws natural light from the clerestory windows. 
The decorator kitchen con tains a F rig id a ire package of appliances, in cluding built-in d ishw ash er, d isp o ser, oven, range and vent 

Quality-built elegance and distinctive styling are prim ary g o a ls at 
Great A m erica, w hose homebuilders believe the difference quality makes can readily be seen in floor plan designs, eleva­ tions, construction and. finishing details. 
Enter a Great America home to the breathtak­ ing, panoramic view of a spacious, unconfined liv­ ing area, where multi-le­ v els m ay d istingu ish room s, and gen erous glass panels or atriums bring home and environ­ ment together as one. 
Offers views 
B alcon ies are found both indoors and o u t­ doors; the first overlooks sp a cio u s living a rea s, and the second offers views of landscaped gar­ dens and distant Hill 
Country or skyline. 
Great America’s wood- burning fireplaces are all m asonry, with h ighly creative and decorative brick treatm ent which may extend to a soaring, vaulted ceiling. 
Built-in bookcases may flank the hearth or ex ­ tend across an adjoining w all. D istin ctive floor plans include some for­ m al dining areas or breakfast nooks with built-in buffets, ca b in ­ etry and glass-doored upper cabinets for d is­ play. Telephone d esk s with w riting areas, draw er storage and bookshelves can be found in many kitchen plans. 
You will find Great 
America homes in San 
A ntonio’s finest c o m ­ munities: 
Iii the northwest, new 
Great A m erica h om es are available in the cou n trysid e settin g of 
Park Forest off Lock- hill-Selma Road north of 
Wurzbach Road, where hom es range from 
$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo Hid­ den 
Creek features hom es from $63,ooo to 
$115,ooo and is located off 
V ance Jackson 
Road north of N.W. Loop 41o 
F o rest 
Oaks 
E sta tes offers Great A m erica hom es from $45,ooo to \ J 
$6o,ooo. Visit the com- 
J munity by driving north | J on Evers Road off N.W. 
Loop 41o. Great A m eri­ ca’s newest community, 
Elm Creek, is located off 
L ockhill-Selm a 
Road north of Wurzbach Road and features new homes 

 from $8o,ooo 
In north central San 
Antonio, new 
Great 
America homes are avai­ lable in Thousand Oaks, a quiet com m unity off 
San Pedro Avenue north of N.W. Loop 41o with homes from $59,ooo to 
$75,ooo Hidden Forest is nestled among the gently rolling hills of north cen­ tral Bexar County on 
Bitters road off Blanco 
Road, and new Great 
America homes are avai­ lable from $56,ooo to 
$72,ooo The Oaks in San 
Pedro Hills, with tree- covered lots overlooking downtown from north central San Antonio, fea­ tures homes from $49,7oo to $6o,ooo, Visit the com­ munity north of N.W. 
Loop 41o off San Pedro 
Avenue. 
Great A m erica sales offices are open w eek­ days from I p m. until dusk; weekends from IO am . 

FOX RUN hom es shown by G.E. Harrington 

 the hunt.” for new homes. 
It is an area well re­ moved from the conges­ tion of city living but convenient to many ma­ jor destination points like 
Randolph AFB, USAA, 
UTSA, South Texas Me­ dical Center, Universal 
City, N.E. IH 35 and an almost infinite number of shopping facilities. Its location at N E. FM 16o4 yields this kind of proxi­ mity. 
Fox Run is reached most ea sily by exiting from N E. 1H 35 to N.E. 
FM 16o4 (Charles W. An­ derson or Outer Loop), proceeding west to Na­ cogdoches 
Road and turning south to the marked entranceway. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Designed for the ultimate in casual elegance. 

Presenting 

Where 
Mike 
Kinder has 

 translated your dream into 

 reality. 

IN 
OAK VALLEY 

943 J Callaghan Rd. 

Beautifully landscaped Courtyard For Entertaining, S o a rin g Cathedral Ceilings, 
Massive Double Fireplace, Private blaster Suite, Spacious Bedrooms, Garden 
Kitchen, large Family Room, Utility-sewing Room, and much more.*! 1 5 ,o o o 

An Exclusive Design By 

Mike Kinder, builder 

6 9 6 - 8 3 3 o 

Seven Models Open For 
Your Inspection 

I mi. North of Loop 41o out Vance Jackson. 

Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 9-9 

6 P 1 - 1 1 I I us-Home 

 listed on the N e w York Stock Exchange 

WORTH COMING HOME TO 

^ t-* t- w w 

EXECUTIVE 

COUNTRY ESTATES 

3 and 4 Bedroom Homes, 
Formal living and dining areas, woodburning fire­ places, wet bars, energy saving package, many luxury extras, quiet coun­ try living with all the city conveniences. 
No city taxes. A well suited home for gracious living. 

O JI C IU ! 

1. 
Bandera 
Rd. to leon 
Valley 

Elementary School, left on EM 471 

 to EM 16o4, left 2 miles lo Oak 
Creek. 

2. from loop 41o take Culebra exit 
I U # ! l - l * c u t a c t a. r a _ 

 w 
I 
• V 
St** 

4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
* vf | 
* 

: 

4 

 usHome 

Furnished 
* Homes From 
Models Open 
$57,ooo to $9o,ooo 
Daily 
★ large Va-1 Acre 

C A L I W ooded lots 
Thomas E. Hotman * V.A. Financing 

_____________________ 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 Available p- 
I m- 
M 

Listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange 

 us-Home 

LISTED ON THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 

WORTH COMING HOME TO 

Where Else 

Can you live in an all brick $31,ooo home that will reduce your utility bills by 15%, give you a spectacular view of the hill country, and offer exclusive membership to a fabulous tri-level country club with tennis, swimming, and an I 8-hole golf course 

Green Spring boasts Valley 

 to top site 

TWIN CHEEK 

W h y Rent? 

W h e n y o u could b e bu ild in g th e b ig gest 

Savin g s A ccoun t o f yo u r life! 

 rock-and-redwood party cabana has full facilities for social doings. 

Homesites at Green 
Spring Valley are almost miniature Nature Parks in themselves: many have oak groves; others, graced by splendid old trees. The roiling terrain offers site purchasers an exciting opportunity to build homes of true ori­ ginality and distinction, taking full advantage of tree placement and slopes. A purchaser may select his own builder or one of the builders of the impressive homes a l­ ready completed at the subdivision. 

Located only B.2 miles and about nine minutes north of N.E. Loop 411) on 
Wetmore Road, Green 
Spring Valley is near everything: country clubs, Canyon Creek and 
Thousand Oaks; North 
East D istrict schobls, 
Regency Place Elemen­ tary. Garner Middle and 
McArthur High (a fourth is scheduled for future construction); shopping. 
North Star and Central 
Park Malls; post office; and hospital. In addition, land has been set aside, alongside Green Spring 
Valley, for commercia) tenants such as conven­ ience stores. 
Green Spring Valley’s 

 location is advantageous for yet another important reason. Although it lies just outside the San An­ tonio city limits so no city taxes need be paid, resi­ dents still enjoy county- maintained roads as well as city water and sewer lines. This situation is expected to continue for the next few years until the area is annexed into the city proper. In the meantime, however, re­ sidents are saving about 
$3o a month in taxes (on the basis of a $5o,ooo house). 
Safety rates high on 
Green Spring V a lle y ’s list of priorities. Street layout, for example, is designed to m inim ize traffic volume, and, par­ ents of young children should note, the Nature 
Park can be reached from any part of the community without crossing any m ajor streets. In addition, the entire area is patrolled nightly by security guards. 
Homesites ut Green 
Spring Valley start at 
$8,ooo; those adjacent to the Nature Park range from $15,ooo to $17,ooo. 
Visitors are cordially in­ vited to “ come out and see what H ill Country living is like’’ and to look over the desirable homesites still available. 

 but 
NORTHCLIFFE 

Twin Creek has taken 
That price range pre- only 3'/jj years to become sents great bargains in one of the most popular home purchases, as Twin and most established Creek’s models clearly communities in the Sun reveal. 
Antonio area. 
U.S. Home Corp. has a good reason for Twin 
Creek’s progress: “ Twin 
Creek has been a ‘total com m unity’ from its very beginning.’’ 
38o-plus 

The northwestern Bex­ ar County community, strategically located off 
Grissom Road between 
Bandera and 
Culebra 
Roads north of N.W. Loop 
41o, opened us a “ total community’’ for its first home buyers, who en­ joyed the area’s amen­ ities right after they moved there. 
Since, Twin Creek has become the address for some 38o families, and each has enjoyed the 
“ total community” con­ cept that was there be­ fore they were. Amen­ ities for Twin Creek in­ clude a clubhouse with fully equipped kitchen; swimming pool; wading pool; tennis courts well lighted at nights, fenced and green-surfaced; and a complete playground for the neighborhood’s youngsters. 
Another factor for 
Twin 
Creek’s rapid growth and immediate popularity is the area’s model home park. Fully furnished, professionally decorated models have been on display here since Twin Creek opened. 
Even this weekend six such models are being shown from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 
Certainly not to be overlooked, when listing reasons for Twin Creek’s success, are U.S. Home 
Corp.’s greatly eased terms for house pur­ chases. The best financ­ ing available today is offered here, and ar­ rangements include VA loans with only $1 as a total move-in cost and an annual interest rate of 8 per cent. Conventional financing terms are ad­ vantageous, too. 
This becomes even more convenient when it is applied to 
Twin 
Creek’s affordable price range, which starts as low as $32,95o. 

Luxury appointments' of the homes include a choice of shag or sculp­ tured nylon carpeting in all bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. 
Two full ceram ic tile baths have m arble dressing vanities with mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of wallcoverings. 
The three- and four- bedroom homes, of course, have two baths and two-car garages. All for sale this weekend also have IOO per cent m a­ sonry exteriors as just one energy-saving fea­ ture. 
. ; 
Other fine features of 
Twin Creek homes are handcrafted fireplaces, patios, room-finished garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 
Other U.S. Home fea­ tures that help save en­ ergy include full insula­ tion in walls, ti1/, inches of insulation in ceilings, over-engineered air con­ ditioning and heat sys­ tems which require min­ imal usage and doors and windows which shut tightly to make sure the outdoors is locked out. 
Homemakers are over­ joyed with color-coordin­ ated kitchens boasting all-electric Magic Chef ranges and eontinuous- clean ovens, dishwashers designed for double loads and ample cabinet space. 
Located in the pre­ ferred Northside School 
District, Twin Creek is also close to U TSA, 
USAA, South Texas Me­ dical Center, Southwest 
Research Institute and 
K elly and 
Lackland 
AFBs. No city taxes ap­ ply to home payments made by Twin Creek re­ sidents. 
Twin Creek is reached most easily by driving north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Bandera Road and turn­ ing west onto Grissom 
Road (EM 471), following signs which lead to the entranceway marked by fountains. More signs along the entrance road lead to the community’s model home park. 

Green Spring Valley lets you express yourself. 
First, you select one of its beautiful homesites; then, appoint the builder of your choice to con­ struct your dream home. 
What a wonderful place 

Green Spring Valley is for your dream home. 
One reason is that this prestige community of strikingly handsome contemporary homes en­ joys, all to itself, a 
3o-acre, virtu ally un­ 

 spoiled Nature Park of giant oak trees and open green meadow. 
Green Spring Valley developers have put in a spectacular swimming pool complete with wa­ terfall. rock-lined walk­ 

 ways and an island in the middle, as well as three professional size lighted tennis courts fenced in with nylon nets that keep balls from getting lost yet don’t block the view. Also, a spacious 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED DI SALAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

EAST? 

GREEN SPRING VALLEY model 
Twin Creek progresses 

“SNUG HOME” r=IN SU LA T I 
FEATURES 

• 1 o o % BRICK C O N STRU CTIO N 
• REFLECTIVE INSULATED 
SH EA TIN G 
• FULL 4 " W A LL IN SU LA TIO N 
• FULL 6 “ C EILIN G IN SU LA TIO N 
• N E W SOLAR G RA Y W IN D O W 
G LA SS 
• EFFICIENCY EN G IN EERED 
CENTRAL H EATIN G AN D ELECTRIC 
AIR C O N D IT IO N IN G UNIT 
• STEEL EN C A SED , INSULATED, 
W EATHER PRO O F EXTERIOR 
D O O RS 
• REFRIGERATOR TYPE M A G N ETIC 
W EATHER STRIPPING 

LOW, LOW, LOW 

CONVENTIONAL MOVE-IN 

I 

O O 
TOTAL 
M O V E-IN 
V. A. 

CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING 
5 % D O W N 

2, 3 & 4 Bedroom All-Brick Homes From $31,ooo To $36,5oo 

H om es m o d e rn fam ilies are lo o k in g for today. 
1 Handera Ped Brid toq Bum 
-ny Ftrepiace with Raised 
Hearth 
Full energy saving features 
1 life Shower and Tufa Areas 
' Car J dr,**; Viny' hoofing rn 
Entry, Living, Kitchen, Dining 

Choice of Caroe* 
Bedroom and Holt 
Beamed Celling in Living 

Thick Insolation in Wally and 
CfftNngs library Shelves and Cabinet 
Valance lighting in Baths 
Marbled Bathroom Vanitied 
Mirrored Vanity Walls 

■ Solid Concrete Driveway, 
Walks and Patio 
Covered front Porch 

K>tchee- Pantry 

Built in Kitchen 
Sculptured front Dour 
Individual Overhead 
G arage Doors 
Central Heat and Air 
Viny} Wa*! Covering In Baths 
Bo* Windows over (oohing lighted Patio and Backyard 
Raised Car Stem in G arage 
Centrale nay foyer 
Window Seats rn Ba* 
Windows 
Big Storage Room in G arage 

Bxtt lo o p 4 1o a t B e n d e r a R o a d 
Proceed ¥* mile 

 north lo Grissom R o o d (F M 4 7 1 ) a n d turn left C o I milt- lo T W IN C H U K 

• Ice Maker Connection 
• Full Baths with Tile Tubs, Mirrored 
Walls, Decorative Valance Lighting 
• Window Seat and Plant Area 
• Extra Large Kitchen Pantry 
• Color Coordinated Kitchen w/Deluxe 
Furniture Finished Cabintry 

Drive IH 35 South to exit 
11o3, cross over IH 
35, follow access road north, and follow signs. 

6 5 9 - 1 1 6 1 o r 6 2 5 - 7 5 6 6 

OPEN DAILY 9 ’TIL 9 

Features 

• Massive Rock Fireplace 
• Carpet Throughout 
• Dishwasher 
• Magic Chef Range 
• Garbage Disposal 
• Room Finished G arage 
• Patio 
FOUR FURNISHED MODELS 

F e a t u r e s : 
• Carpet Throughout 
• Dishwasher 
• Magic Chef Range 
• Garbage Disposal 
• Room Finished Garage 
• Patio 

• Ice Maker Connection 
• Full Bath w/Tile Tub & Decorative Valance Lighting 
• Huge Walk-in Closets 
• Color Coordinated Kitchen w/Deluxe Kitchen Cabintry 
• Handcrafted Woodburning Fireplaces 

$31,95o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977 
Ellison presents elegance 

It’s hard to do justice using words to describe 
Ray 
Ellison’s 
Tanglewood in northwes­ tern San Antonio. 
You have to see the wooded landscapes and rolling hillsides to appreciate the rustic feeling of freedom and careful living that comes from the minute you drive through the luxur­ ious overhanging oaks framing the en­ tranceway. 
At heart 
Located within easy driving distances of the neighboring UTSA cam­ pus, the imposing USAA complex and the splendid medical facilities of the 
South Texas Medical 
Center, Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynamic movement marking San 
Antonio’s thrusting northwest growth. 
At the sam e time, 
Tanglewood offers the peaceful serenity of car­ efree country living amid gracious oaks and rolling landscapes. 
Innovative, contempor­ ary designs by Ray El­ lison architects make 
Tanglewood an interest­ ing combination of three- and four-bedroom, one- and two-story homes beginning in the low $4os and available with VA, 
EHA and conventional financing. 
Fireplaces, featured in most plans, bring crack­ ling warmth and rustic 

 glamor to crisp 
Tanglewood evenings. 
But rustic charm is mixed with contempor­ ary convenience in beautiful and functional kitchens that transform cooking chores into cu­ linary adventures. 
Rich, handcrafted wood cabinetry; self­ cleaning doulble-oven electric ranges; dish­ washers and disposal un­ its; and stainless steel sinks and fixtures all combine to allow kitchen chores to be performed with more fun and less fatigue. 
Although the benefits of Tanglewood living are many and varied for housewives and mothers, children and teenagers from the wooded subdi­ vision enjoy outstanding educational facilities of the Northside School 
District, along with in­ teresting and diverse so­ cial programs and extra­ curricular activities for young people of all ages. 
For weekend or even­ ing recreation in the great Tanglewood out­ doors, tennis courts and swimming pool are nearby. 
For those whose enter­ tainment tastes lean to the night life, discoth­ eque dancing and unique cuisine abound in excit­ ing northwestern San 
Antonio, with the most popular spots located on­ ly minutes away via ex­ pressways. 

F.K. PROPERTIES INC. offers hom es by “Fabian” 
Homes opened in Burning Tree by Sitterles’ firm 

J v- I, <■■*} 
' , 
. CM ' > 
• • 
,■ • M y , 1 f 
I T * 

New. Different. Excit­ ing. 
T hat’s 
Burning 
Tree. 
Burning Tret; is luxury living with an affordable price tag. Burning Tree is the newest creation by 
Sitter Ie & Cos., the lead­ ing builder of fine homes for progressive San An­ tonians. 
In demand 
Burning Tree com­ bines the home features most in demand today with fabulous extras to help you enjoy a new, better life style. 
Every new home in 
Burning Tree is indivi­ dually engineered with an eye toward livability. 
Experience Burning Tree and see the quality fea­ tures available now: woodburning fireplaces, pebble-finished patios, finished double garages, cedar shingle roofs, en­ ergy-saving insulation and exciting new floor plans. fit*’,om 
■iii! 
-=*■ 
.VV VI 

TANGLEW OO D hom es by Ray Ellison located handily 

To provide the proper setting for the truly dis­ tinctive homes in Burn­ ing Tree, much time, ef­ fort and money has been invested. The natural, oak-shaded environment of Burning Tree has been protected to make your new home more beauti­ ful. Entire neighbor­ hoods have been de­ signed to accommodate the stately oaks that flourish in Burning Tree. 
You’ll enjoy the great northwestern conven­ ience of a home in Burn­ ing Tree. You’ll be close to a1! of San Antonio’s major suburban shop­ ping centers, office com­ plexes, recreational faci­ lities, restaurants and theaters. You’ll appre­ ciate living in the presti­ gious North East School 
District, San Antonio’s finest. 
The 
Sitterle home building team, headed by 
Frank and Dan Sitterle, is the exclusive builder for Burning Tree. Sit­ terle and Cos. is proud of the reputation it’s earned for building homes that not only offer the most desirable design features but also the preservation of natural surroundings to enhance the total beauty. 
The new home com­ munity of Burning Tree is being marketed exclu­ sively by the Beanie 
Owens Co., Realtors. 
That’s your assurance of 
N e w h o m e s by Liberty s p o tlig h te d 

H i 
■■■■'■■mr 

FORREST GLEN features Liberty Hom es houses 

Liberty homes are showing this weekend in 
Forrest (Hen. 
The Liberty Homes firm chose to build in 
Forrest Glen because the rustic neighborhood is part of the growing northwestern part of 
Bexar County. This site features countryside sur­ roundings. city conven­ iences and, in the near future, an amenity area of its own. 

Price range 
Liberty Homes offers a reasonable price range for its Forrest Glen houses. It spans from an especially affordable series starting at only 
$29,HUI) upward to more modified homes offered for only $4o,ooo. 
Each Liberty home is designed with three bedrooms and two baths. 
Each also has a two-car garage. 
To make 
Liberty homes even more affor­ dable to today’s family on the way up, their at­ tractive setting in For rest Glen is outside any city limits but neverthe­ less has full use of city utilities. No city taxes are figured into monthly payments due on Liberty homes in Forrest Glen. 
Liberty Homes care­ fully supervises con­ struction of all its houses, from the very beginning to the finish of the po­ lished product, No sacri­ fice of quality or luxury has been made which would reduce costs in building, despite the houses’ most reasonable price range. 
Liberty Homes asks you to compare and see for yourself. The firm maintains that you will see more square footage for the price than in other homes for which you would spend the same. 
In fact, Liberty Homes provides buyers with a guarantee against de­ fects in workmanship or 

 m aterials surfacing within one year from the date of the mortgage loan s closing. 
Homes by Liberty have two full baths, shag car­ peting, an appliance package that includes dishwashers, disposers. 
Magic Chef ranges and ovens and, in some, woodburning fireplaces. 
These homes also are built on lots with drain­ age designed by a regis­ tered professional engi­ neer. Soil conditions have been checked by a regis­ tered professional engin­ eer who designed the foundation to conform to those conditions. 
The foundation is IOO per cent waterproofed with polyethelene mem- 
CLAS5)ri(D display 

 bl anc to help retard con­ densation. Copper water lines are used in the foundation. 
Forrest Glen is strate­ gically placed at Culebra and Grissom Roads north of NAV. Loop 41o. The lo­ cation puts it within the 
Northside School Dis­ trict, near UTSA, USAA, 
South Texas Medical 
Center and other medical facilities and close to 
Lackland and 
Kelly 
AFBs. 

The community is reached most easily by driving north of N.W. 
Loop 41o on Culebra Road and following signs. 
Other signs will lead the way to Liberty Homes houses and homesites. 

CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 

CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 
OASfcW^LAr 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

JUNE SCHEDULE OF CLASSES 
5 Day 
2o1 
Principles of ttE 
June 6 - IO 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
June 13 -17 
1o1 
Basic Fundamentals 
June 2o - 24 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
June 27 - July I 
2 Weekend 
2o1 
Principles of RE 
June 4 -12 
6o1 
Appraising RE 
June 11-19 
3o1 
Practice of RE 
June 18 - 26 
8 NI 
Practice o7 
3o1 
June 6,7,8,13,14, 
15,2o,&21 
American College of Real Estate, Inc. 

4 6 S o W A I V E * FO 
SAN ANTONIO. TK T M I * (5 1 2) 653 /771 

The Best Way To 
Be Really Satisfied 
With The Way 
You Live. 

Pick out one o f the two custom built homes on the right and live there. 
Each is beautifully designed and skillfully built by. 

 custom Home bu ilder «f k p r o p e r t ie s, inc 

• Hardware and Fixtures 
THE FINEST QUALITY OF • Building Materials, and 
• kitchen Appliances 
• Energy Saving, Rotary 
• Cabinets 
Cowered Central Heat & 4/C 

WURZBACH 

CALLAGHAN RD 

JlN O N T f I 
ELJ 

Comfort 
Conditioned 

B y 
FEDDERS 

9 5 3 5 S in so n te 

MARKETED BY BILLY FELLOWS & ASSOCIATES. 
PHONE 69o-922o. 
AGENT— BOB STARK PHONE 492-2866 
—GW. ABBOTT. PHONE 824-318o 

Homes by ‘Fabian’ seen in 2 models 

 courteous, knowledgea­ ble service from the 
“ professionals in the red coats.” The marketing agents of the Deanie 
Owens Co., Realtors, will provide you with all the information and gui­ dance you’ll need during your visit to Burning 
Tree. From fireplaces to financing, Deanie Owens 
Co., Realtors, personnel has all the answers for you. 

To visit Burning Tree, drive out San Pedro 
Avenue and take a right onto Brookhollow Drive. 
Follow 
Brookhollow 
Drive to Carlton Oaks and turn left. Take Carl­ ton 
Oaks to 
Jones-Maltsberger Road and turn left. Follow 
Jones-Maltsberger Road 
V4 mile to Burning Tree on your right. Refer to locator map in Burning 
Tree display ad in this section. 

The exciting new homes in Burning Tree are attractively priced from $49,ooo to $56,ooo. 
For further information, visit the Burning Tree sales office at 141o2 Red 
Maple. 
If you won’t settle for less than the best, Sit-, terle & Cos. has built your kind of home in 
Burning Tree. Exper­ ience the new life style of 
Burning 
Tree. 
Your dream home is ready to­ day. 

F. K, Properties Inc. specializes in building contemporary homes with two major goals: customized variety and superior quality. 
The firm, owned by custom builder Fabian 
Krajmalnik, can show it has achieved these goals in e ^ h of two homes on 
.display along Sinsonte 
Sit eel in northwestern 
Hidden Creek. 
Differences 
F abian’s homes are daringly — but not foo- liahly — contemporary. 
His new concepts are carefully studied for re­ sultant practicality and comfort. The result is unique or even persona­ lized. 
Fabian’s new ideas for the San Antonio housing industry have caught on, too. Since last June, he has custom built as many as 22 homes among the prestigious communities of Whispering Oaks, San 
Pedro Hills, Hidden For­ est, Churchill Estates, 
Woods of Shavano, Heri­ tage Park Estates and, of course, Hidden Creek, where two of his unique homes can be seen this weekend. Castle Wood 
Forest is his most recent residential area. 
His firm, by the way, is one of few here that al­ lows the buyer to deal directly with the builder himself. 
Furthermore, Fabian’s concepts and qualities can be afforded. His imaginative designs do not cause the prices of his homes to fall into a prohibitive price range. 
In planning for practi­ cality, Fabian uses both professional architects and the -latest in energy- saving devices and building materials. Dou- ble-paned windows, microwave ovens, highly rated insulation in walls and ceilings and power vents in attics are just part of the complete en­ ergy-saving package built into a home by Fa­ bian. 
Of course, Fabian also uses solid construction, which implies fine plumbing, wiring and. as 

 something extra special, natural illumination to the optimum and firm sound insulation in inter­ ior wails. 
Custom builder Fabian 
Krajmalnik has more than 15 years of exper- 

C L A S S l F l i O D I S P L A Y 

 ience to offer his customers, is reached most easily by contacting his marketing firm. Billy 
Fellows & Associates, at 
69o-922o. 
Hidden Creek, where his two models are show- 
CUMwaToispOrf 

 ing this weekend, is reached most easily by exiting from N.W. III ii) to Callaghan Road, driv­ ing east to Stonehaven 
Drive, turning left and going on to Sinsonte 
Street. 
--------clA'SsiFiTS'bimAY 

4 BEDROOMS 
2 BATHS... 847,5oo 

 r n . 

■171o AUTUM N WOODS­ 

ES 1oo% M A S O N R Y exterior, en­ closed C O U R T Y A R D . 
P Huge single L IV IN G A R E A with brick FIREPLA C E, beamed C A T H E­ 
D R A L C E IL IN G and picture window 
□ Sculptured shag C ARPETIN G in living, hall and bedrooms. 
Formal 
E N T R Y of C E R A M IC TILE. 
□ Magic Chef kitchen with S E L F ­ 
C L E A N IN G OVEN, decorator HOOD. 
D ISH W A SH E R and DISPOSER. Ad jacent breakfast area has large BA Y 
W INDOW SEAT. 

□ U T ILIT Y ROOM has large PAN­ 
T R Y and broom closet plus washer- dryer connections, TW O-CAR G A ­ 
RAG E with extra storage space. 
□ M ASTER SUITE features window seat, W ALK-IN closet and PR IV AT E 
BATH with M A R B LE V A N IT Y TOP and 
FULL C E R A M IC T ILE TUB 
A REA. 
□ Unique 2nd B E D R O O M or STU DY has entire wall of closet and BU ILT­ 
IN SHELVES. 
□ V A , conventional financing available. 
HERITAGE FARK ESTATES 

• NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 
• Nearby SHOPPING CENTER 
• Prestigious northside location, off San Pedro 

Holloiv Bd. 

HERITAGE 
PARK ESTATES 

For information,call: 
6 6 1 -3 8 6 2 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I'm Buddy Burns. And I'd like ti) shed some light on your old home lf your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete. 
That's right, obsolete, Be­ cause at the tim e your hom e was built, there were virtually no encrgy-etfi- ciency standards As a result, many San A ntonians are faced with utility hills that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why NOW Is The Tim e To Buy. 
Let s look at the facts. Since you invested in your hom e a few years ago, tw o things have hap­ pened For one, you've been making house paym ents tor sev­ eral years, so your et jutty has grown Too, since the cost of building a new hom e has stead­ ily increased, the cost of replac­ ing your hom e has increased. 

 body w ants to buy a home where the cost of heating and cooling exceeds the monthly paym ents. 
My advice is this With the m oney you can make by selling your old hom e right now, you can probable m ake the do w n p aym en t anil m ove into a new 
Burns Co, Power Saver" hom e today. And, while your house paym ents may be a little higher, the lower utility bills should easily offset the difference The only thing you can’t afford to do is wait much longer. 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood­ burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"wife saver” kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu- nous baths with marble vanities and full size tubs. And elegant master suites, w ith walk-in closets and separate dressing areas. Priced from $46,ooo to 
$65,ooo. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor. Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

 e vc efnc isn't energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy. And believe it or not, hom eow ners around the country are actually beginning to lose m oney when they sell their older hom es. Because nu- 

Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few m inutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver" hom es in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest. 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush dcep-pile carpet, furniture-finished panel- 
MlUtfrCP 

I is.ll Radium, San Antonio. 
Texas 78216 

Power Saver ll* Model Home at 
87o6 Timberwildc in The 
G reat Northwest. 

 k) 

Tivoli’ home 
O ak Valley 

San Antonia EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

O A K VALLEY presents Kinder’s ‘Tivoli’ model 
Prices of 1976 still offered in Royal Ridge 

The charm and grace of 
Mediterranean styling for patio homes in Royal 
Ridge is still being of­ fered in two plans which 
Carry 1976 prices. 
The Windcrest Deve­ lopment Co. patio homes, however, soon will intro­ duce seven plans with p ric e s necessarily 
S ig h e r, all of which fla k es this weekend the 
*wie to look into the patio ponies actually with prices of yesteryear. 
ST 
High value 

* ' Besides the rare beauty eof these patio homes, the 
*3ligh quality of building 
•^materials they contain flak es the 1976 prices an even greater bargain. 
These “ Energy Craft­ ed” homes boast more than 2o energy-saving products and construc­ tion techniques that re­ duce the daily workload and save owners a signi­ ficant amount of money in both the cost of oper­ ating utilities and gener­ al maintenance. 
Attention to the many 

 details enhances every aspect of these magnifi­ cent two-, three- and four-bedroom patio homes. With the assis­ tance of Windcrest Deve­ lopment’s professionals, 
, each owner decorates his or her home with colors, patterns and textures that reflect the indivi­ dual’s personality and taste. 
Extravagant, luxurious styling of both practica­ lity and economy — all of these and more — merely hint at what a patio home really is all about. It’s an exciting home, a quiet home full of the most up to date products and fea­ tures. 
Proven sound-deaden­ ing common walls; a tru­ ly private patio; and fully finished, oversized real entry garage with elec­ tric door openers are but a few of the more desira­ ble elements included. 
Insulation beyond be­ lief (double in the exter­ ior walls); cedar shake roofs; dual pane win­ dows; steel-encased, in­ 

 sulated exterior doors with magnetic weather­ stripping; and a yard full of grass 
(not just sprigged), shrubs, trees and fencing make up splendid features of 
Royal Ridge patio homes. 

The ideal location of 
Royal Ridge is conven­ ient to all areas of San 
Antonio. It is equi-distant from Fort Sam Houston and Randolph AFB, just minutes from Windsor 
Park Mall. Children at­ tend Windcrest Elemen­ tary, White Middle and 
Roosevelt High Schools, each in the preferable 
North East District. 
The patio homes in this area are also located near the community’s clubhouse and pool. 
Everyone is invited to view the patio homes. 
Drive north on N.E. IH 35 to O’Connor Road. Turn south on O’Connor to 
Royal Ridge Drive (three blocks) and follow the model home signs. Hours are from IO a.m. to 7 p.m. 

— l l 
I m 
^ 
. 
RO YAL RIDGE patio hom es still offer 1976 prices 
Singles comprise as much as Vs 

\ of U.S. households 

By RAY RAGSDILL 
PRESIDENT, S A 
BOARD OF REAITORS 
There are more than 5o million single people in the United States, ac­ cording to the U.S. Bur­ eau of the Census. Either living alone or with un­ married roommates, they comprise Va of the nation’s households. 
Their impact on the housing market can be seen in yet another sta­ tistic: the rate of house­ hold formations in the 
United States now ex­ ceeds the rate of popula­ tion growth in the nation. 
As a result, there is 
■ growing demand for 
« housing units that cater 
J to the needs of one or two 
| persons. 

O f in te re s t 
The impact of single women on the housing market is of particular i interest. In 1977, single 
I women (either divorced, 
’ widowed or never mar­ ried) will buy one out of every 14 homes sold, or more than 
2oo,ooo dwellings. That’s ac­ cording to a recent na­ tionwide survey conduct­ ed by the Investors 
Mortgage Insurance Co. 
(IMIC), Boston, a lead­ ing private mortgage 
.insurer. 
** This ratio assumes greater importance when you consider that, in 
1974, just three years ago, only one out of 35 applications made for home loans was submit­ ted by a single woman. 
The ratio decreased to one out of 25 in 1975 and to one out of 16 last year. 
Bv 198o, IMIC projects, the ratio is expected to 

RAY RAGSDILL drop to one out of IO. 
The survey found that almost four-fifths of the single female home buyers are under 45. The average age is 34; 61 per cent are childless. 
Most are college-edu­ cated — 66 per cent. By profession, legal, medi­ cal and accounting pro­ fessionals lead the par­ ade of single female home buyers. Teachers, airline flight attendants and nurses are close be­ hind. 
What are they buying? 
The townhouse is most popular. It offers pri­ vacy, a place to enter­ tain, a yard and a fire­ place — all popular with the single female buyer. 
The high-rise condo is the second most popular. 
Attractive features in­ clude conveniences of­ fered by the units, social amenities and flexible pricing. 
Although 64 per cent of 

 the women surveyed in­ dicated a preference for a detached single-family home, only 2o per cent actually bought one. 
Projections for 1977 indi­ cate that detached dwellings will be purchased by 35 per cent of all single women buy­ ing homes. 
Perhaps surprisingly, 
73 per cent of the women surveyed indicated they would tackle a renovation project if they could find a house that fits their needs. Twenty-two per cent said they are ac­ tually doing so. 
Sales activity involving single women is highest on the West Coast and 
Easter Seaboard. Urban areas with populations of a quarter million or more, where many female professional find employment, benefit most. Major medical centers also benefit. 
Why are single women buying homes? The sur­ vey cites traditional rea­ sons — pride of owner­ ship, security, tax ad­ vantages or investment potential. Most also said they were tired of rent­ ing. 
Increasing earning power combined with employment stability are making single women attractive candidates for home loans. However, it is worth noting the. the 
Equal Credit Ohportunity 
Act of 1975 probably has helped. 
It requires lenders to give single women the same consi­ deration for home loans as males with similar financial and employ­ ment credentials. 

Among as many as se­ ven models open this weekend in Oak Valley will be custom builder 
Mike Kinder's “ The Ti­ voli,” another is the master craftsman’s con­ tinuing Showcase of Ori­ ginal Designs. 
‘‘The Tivoli” is found at 9431 Callaghan Rd. in 
Oak Valley, a community off Vance Jackson Road just a mile north of N.W. 
Loop 41o. 

C a s u a l 
Kinder designed and built “ The Tivoli” lo present the ultimate in casual elegance. Fea­ tures which enhance his concept are a beautifully landscaped courtyard for entertaining, soaring cathedral ceilings, mas­ sive double fireplace, private master suite, spacious bedrooms, gar­ den kitchen, large family room, utility-sewing room and even more. 

The unique home is priced at $115,ooo. 
Oak Valley is near many destination points, but, as one would expect, the setting for homes as fine as these is secluded and surrounds the inno­ vative housing designs 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

 with the oaks for which the area is named. 
The well removed community yields quick access to either N.W. III 
IO or N.W?. Loop 41o, and each is a major route to the finest of everything 
TDoBWB* SiTpla y ----- 

San Antonio has to offer. 
That makes Oak Valley ail the more appropriate. for these homes are cer­ tainly among the finest the Alamo City has to offer to discerning buyers. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

W E HAVE IT ALL! 
• Convenient location 
• Ample parking 
• Professionally decorated • View 
• Swimming pool 
• Fireplaces 
I Bdrm. • $19o up 
2 Bdrm. - $23o up 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
“ " • 
S 
S 
! 

PREVIEW SHOWIHG 

This w eekend visit the n ew ­ est addition to Sitterle and 
C om panies W orld of Better 
Livin g — B u rn in g Tree. You w ill discover something new, d iffe r e n t a n d e x c itin g at 
Burning Tree — luxury living w ith an affordable price tag. 

Each home in Burning Tree is individually engineered w ith an eye tow ard livability. Ex­ ception al featu res like fire ­ places, patios, enclosed g a ­ ra g e s, ce d ar sh in g le roofs and energy saving insulation highlight each home. 
So beat the crowd and prev­ iew this w eekend before the 
G ra n d O pen in g in Ju n e , lf you w on t settle for less Sit­ te rle a n d C o m p a n ie s h a s bu ilt your kind of hom e in 
Burning Tree. 

TIKKID AWAY 
NMM nu URS 
YET DWY OHI 
MINUTE HOM IH IO 
ADULT I FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WOOOSTONEll 

2554 Northeast Loop 41o 
656 1222 

; S u n d a n c e 
"4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G CONCEPTS in 
'.ADULT"-LIVING 

 fDarii iEotunr 
A p a r tm e n t C o m m u n ity 
TV MONITOWf D SECURITY-GARDIN PATIOS luminous Clue room - gym * <auh«< 
I-2 3 BDR 
I & 2 BATH 
$ I 85-S275 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PD. 
TOH BANDH* RD 
434-4191 
B e t w e e n H illcre s t A C a lla g h a n 
A B o b Ro ss A p a r tm e n t C o m m u n ity 

C D b ^ a b c o c k ajc n o r t h 
APARTMENTS 

C ountry Living in 

 the City 

I -bedroom 
Apts now 

 available furnished or 

Unfurnished 

6 miles north of loop 41o 

 on Babcock, turn left at 

Springtime 

654? Spring Branch 

6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 
o 
W akefield-Stardu st 
A p artm e n ts 
I, 2, 3 B e d ro om Apts. 
$ 1 8 o - S 3 5 o 
Across Rector from N. Star Malt 
8 5 o 6 W a k e fie ld 
Separate Family A Adult Sections 
3 4 4 - 4 5 5 8 
'Vims a t u ii a y rf a P fO p u r fjr 
^ „ 

SOUTHSIDE 
The Aristocrat Apts. 
M o d e rn I Bd A p ts 
$165 Unfurnished - Furnished Avail. 

555 Hutchins 
927 -4 14 1 
A M A C M a n a g e d P ro p e rty 

I lie* m il fbi a Inhaul it al 
"Vi'w vie 

12221 Blanco Road 
4 9 2 -2 1 7 1 

J 

o LA PLAZA APTS. 
“TENNIS WORLD * 
• R A C Q U ET BA LL H EALTH AM D EX E R C ISE C lU R 
• a d u l t a n d f a m i l y s e c t io n s 
• F U R N iSH D ANO U N FU R N IS H E D A P A R T M E N T S 
UTILITIES PA ID 
N O R TH EA ST SC H O O LS R U S SCR V IC I 
• n o r t h STAR A N D CENTRAL PA R K M A LL A R EA 
115 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 o 

ONE 
BEDROOM 

From 

* 1 8 9 

7 1 1 o W u rzb a ch at B abcock j 
N e x t d o o r to M e d ic a l C enter 
6 9 6 - 3851__________J 

© W A T E R 
W 
SCAPED 
APARTM ENTS j H l o P 

1946 V K . Lo o p 41o 

 lf€ Style by 
(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 

 j Q I UFI INVESTORS 
826-2355 

O f ! MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

o Eh MADRID 
■ FITMENTS 

• W a s h e r D ryer 
I 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

6111 Vance Jackson 

The 
. 

• ^ ir a n ia n 

.1939 fredericksburg Rd. 

7 J J - W " jtjuFnfwstems 

o 
Catnrtol 

 apartments 

' 
• Spacious 1,2,3 bd. 
! 
• Close to Ft. Sam & Randolph 

 j 
8 o o o M id c ro w n 
6 5 5 - 8 8 1 o o 

6 5 6 - o 1 8 8 
o 
,vv -sr- 
NOB 
H IU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1211 

© 
T A R A 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME conviNiiw mrinriN *NO utni’in apio 
8o51 Broadway 
8 2 4 - o o 6 1 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 
oThe BRITTA A I 

o cForest 
Apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. 
From $226-*263 
6313 Evers 
6 8 4 -4 7 5 5 

“A d v a n ta g e s o f A H om e with The 
C onveniences of R e n tin g ” 

Information 
Call 67 4 -7 o o 4 

O 
LIN D A APTS. 

235 H O W A R D o ff I TOO N. M A IN 

I & 2 BED R O O M S 
2 Blocks Baptist Medical Professional Bldg., 
Metropolitan Hospital & Main Bank 

\ 
________2 2 6 -849 2_________ 

o 

N O R T H E A S T 

Q l e r v ^ T e n n o c e 
^ p p a n t m e n t s lei 
• Jr. I te a r o o m 
• Furri. A Unfur.iithed 

• On* Bedroom Larger • Pool B Laundry 

• Two Bedroom s 
• Single le v e l, P riv a te Patio 
6 5 6 21 16 
71o6 Glee Terrace (des# ta Randolph Area) 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMM U 
NHY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 -3 1 2 6 
o 

 n o r t h e a s t a r e a 
Herrin tJlaza 
I A 2 BDR. A T O W N H O U SE S 
Garden apts, with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 

P e r r in - B e it e l R d . 
6 5 5 - / 1 2 2 

© y ! a u * H JM fa4.o d 

'■ 
A N ADULT A P A R T M E N T C O M M U N IT Y 
ALL AMENITIES • ON BUS LINE • ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST MARY S • ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN. ADD 
' 
I, 2 8.3 BDR 
$ 18o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

33 o1 W 
W O O D t A W N 
4 3 4 9 3 9 4 
A Bob Ross Apartment Community_______ 

 r n 

P o r k 

V i l l a g e : 
Apartment* 

• WINDSOR PARK MAU 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
• FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 
• PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS A PARTY ROOM 
483o Ray Bon Drive 
„ 653-73oo 
N J 

o F R E N C H CH ALET 

1 6 5 o J A C K S O N KELLER 

THI ULTIMATA APARTM EN T 
C O M M U N IT Y 

3 4 4 .4 6 1 6 

W estchester 
A p a rtm e n ts 
' 

 elf., I, % 3 Bd. from $16o 

 t m ise-ttie-ut l*» fo rt s uhi ami Itamlnlpli 

I t l l Austin Hwy. 
828-1-4o5 

A MAC M anaged Property 

2 3 
Bedrooms 
APA RI Mf N f S 

BFC Style b y 

o 
UF€ H V E ST O R S 
9525 LORENE 
3 4 4 - 9 8 8 8 

O The Heritage 
Apartments 

I I different floor p la n s--- 

All with patios 

Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
34 1-2228 
V^oitpomr 

HOMESTYLE APARM ENT 
LIVING 
451 5 G ardendale 
6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 
o 
JOOS 
H arrington 

6 5 3 - 5 3 o o 

T e r r a 

A lta 

I UHN a INF URN j 
1/iAi fu« (')UHfSi 
•'.hi. UUHNV 

4)1 EVEREST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 
o 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LO CATION 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KILLER 
7543 SOUTH SEA LANE 
341-6251 
© C ountry Village 
Apartments 
I block off Broadway at 41o 
I, 2, 3 bedroom* from &16o 

 it I Hi I o u iiln \ ill.t^i- 
H2H-.V72I 
A MAC Managed Property 

12fi IMS I PROPOSALS 

•’SSS? 

W a n tH 
Ads ■ c a u bB 
BBBI 
225-1666 

Son Antonio EXPRESSNEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 f ANNOUNCEMENTS J [ T? J 
11o SKOAL X8T1CES 
12o BIOS S PROPOSALS 

 m SfDS I PROPOSALS 

HOURS 

8 A .M . t o 
5 :3 o P .M . 

M O N D A Y th ru F R ID A Y 

1o7— Busin*** N n w w t . 
IO *-— ie e t mud 9mm4 
« IO — SpmcM Motte** l l 
I I 
I I I 
14o— OM* A Preqeeeb 
1 22— O rtklel Public .H e m 
1 2 4 - ^ U g o l N o M cm 

• U l t t M T t 

2o1 — Reel Is la ** Notice* 
2o2 
Opa* H e w n 
2 o 4 — O u t o f T o w n 
2 o o ' ' 11 t o Gd m d m km M 1 

2 o 7 — H istorical an d 
O ld e r H om es 
2 o 1 1 
ApiM-lments, 

3 1 G — H eeeee* M m O m m * 

3 1 6 
W o n 
S ow tbw et 
2 1 8 — M o v e d - W re c k e d 
3 2 o 
H aw * * for Trod* 
224— Houses, Sol* or 
■ •a * 

UNITED STATES 
GOVERNMENT 
General Services Administration 

FOR SALE 
Steel Tower for Off-Site Removal 
SEALED BID SALE, JUNE 29, 1977 

Com m unications to w er, IOO fe e t high w ith obstruction lights 

 ond antennas fo r o ff site rem oval. N o land included. 

 t AA Remote C om m unications A i r 'G ro u n d P o o titity, C a m p 
Bulbs, Senor C ounty, Texas. 

The p ro p e rty m ay be inspected b y appointm ent until d a te o f bid ope ning 
For app o in tm e n t eontoct M anage r, A irw a y 
Facilities 
Sector, 
Federal 
A v ia tio n 
A d m inistra tion, 
In ­ te rn a tio n a l 
A irp o rt, 
San 
A n to n io , 
Texas, telephone 
S I2 '8 2 4 - 7 4 6 3 , M on d a y th ro u g h Fndoy 8 :3 o A M to 
SOO P M 

Bids most be subm itted on In v ita tio n , Bid and A cceptance 
Form G S A P 9 o 4 which fu lly describes the property 
Bids w ill be pu b licly opened and re a d in Room I A o 3 , 8 1 9 Taylor 
Street, Fort W o rth , Texas, a t 1 :o o P M ., lo cal tim e a t place o f b id o pe ning. June 29, 1 9 7 7 . Request the b*d fo rm by 
(^m a ilin g this o d or co llin g 81 7 7 3 3 4 -3 2 8 1 . 

For a d d itio n a l d etails contact: 

G E N E R A L SERVICES A D M IN IS T R A T IO N 

Pu blic B u ild in g s S e rv ic e 

8 1 9 T a y lo r S tre e t 

Port W o rth . T e x a s 7 6 1 o 2 

N A M E 
« 17 ' 3 3 4 - 2 3 3 1 _____________ 

A D D R E S S : 

C I T Y :_____ 
S TA TE: 
TIP 

 l i d 
N m 
» * 

I $ /d c * rru A a a # I 

 and M rs Stephen W J 
Akers proudly announce * 

•A c re a g e 
TKF— Miser* Properties 
2 3 o — lets 
2 3 1 — Investment 

124 -HEHL M TO . 
124 - LEGAL NOTICES 

2 3 2 farm s and Reaches 
2 3 4'" Perms cmd Ranches 
Ber Ran* 
33o" Commercial 

3 3 3 
Commercial 

3 4 o — Com m ercial fb i ■ im rn ■« i ii vans 
.-*» 
VI U |M I I J I WUFPIKPUf 
*131*9 fax nLnlxl cal Mf MI ■> we e x ti. 
• # « "w11 H lllUftlr NBH r I U|IVI I J for Sol* 
2 44 
Industrial Property 

2 4 o fndeetrfel Prop erty 
W onted 
2 43— O ffice Specie for le es* 

Wanted 
252— Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
2 5 4 — Real Estate W onted 
2 54— Real Estate loons— Notes 
2 53— Real Estate leans 
W a n t e d ___________ 

■ (M T ALS 

3 o 2 — Mobil* Hom es for 
Root 
4o1 — Apa rtm ents Fern. 
4 o 2 — Housekeeping Apt. 

4 o 4 — Apartm ents, Unfirm. 
4 o 4 
Houses, Duplexes— 

4 o 3 — Houses, Duplexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o i Houses, Rant or Self 
4 1 2 — Rooms, Furnished 
4 1 4 
Rooms, Unfurnished 
4 1 4 — Rooms with Board 
4 IB — W ant to Rent or 

BU SIMC SS 
OPROKTUM ITICS 
$ 

5 o 1 — Business 
Opportunities 
5 o 3 — Business O p poi- 
* turutios W anted 
SOB— M on ey to Lend 
5 o 4 f inancia l htvost- monts 
SOS— Od Propostions 
51 o 
M one y W on tod 
5 1 2 — instructions 
51 4 — instruction s W onted 

PUBLIC NOTICE 
Historical Restoration Revolving 
Loan Fund 
The 
San 
Antonio 
Development 
Agency 
(SADA) is offering loons from the San Antonio 
Community Development Block Grant for the restoration of the facades of historically or architecturally significant buildings located in the area indicated below. The loans are for a maximum amount of $25,ooo at an interest rate of 6% payable in 1o years. Interested persons may secure program guidelines and ap­ plication forms by calling 225-6833, Ext. 51 or by writing to: 

Planning Manager 
San Antonio Development Agency 
418 S. Santa Rosa 
San Antonio, Texas 782o7 
Application deadline is 11:oo A.M., June 
24, 1977. 

4 
I 3 
4 
; * 
* 

I X Mr 
^ A ker* p ro u d */ u ih iw h m : - j ^ die a rriva l o f their bab y J g. g irl, A ngela D aw n Akers, ^ 

4 7 lbs 
15 o z ., born M ay 
4 2. 1 97 7. 
2 
J 
* 
♦ Mr 
& 
M rs 
Thomas 
B ^ 
‘ 4 C arlyon p ro u d ly announce 4 
' J the- arrival o f their baby 4 
^ 4 BQY: 
M ichael 
Jeremy 4 
Carlyon, 
8 lbs and 
IO 4 

5^ oz. born A p ril 2 7 , 1 9 7 7 . 
4 

4 
4 
J 

Mr 
& M rs 
Eugenio Es ^ pinoza p ro u d ly announce ^ 
4 the a rriva l o f their baby 4 

8 OY Eugenio Espmoza ll, 4 

8 lbs and 
14 oz. born 4 
♦ Apr.l 2 7 , 1 9 7 7 . 
4 
J 
* 

4 Mr & M rs Thomas M ario 4 
4 G arcia pro u d ly announce 

4 ’be a rriva l o f their baby 
4 BOY Thomas M a rio G a r 4 
4 cia III, 6 lbs 
14 oz. born 4 
4 M ay 2, 1 9 7 7 
4 

5 
4 
J Mr 
& 
M rs 
Trinidad V 4 
2 O choa p ro u d ly announce 4 

4 the arrival o f their baby J 
4 BOY, 
Trinidad 
Edward J 
4 
O choa, 
IO lbs., 
I oz 4 
4 born M ay l l , 
1 9 7 7 o*4 
4 2 5 3 p m 
4 
4 
4 
♦ Mr 
& 
M rs 
Scott 
W 4 
4 Hartsell p ro u d ly announce 4 
J the arrival o f their baby 4* 

-"lied proposals for the construction 
■* Temporcry Addition to Farit M f lot 
( for Tho University af foxes 
Htolth Sr lent e Cantor son Antonio, loxes eld be received at th* Office af fh* Fhysicol Flan! Oireitor, 77o3 
Floyd Cur* Drive, Seem 112-f, Son 
Antonio, Iexqs until ? <3o ? M (ST on tuesday Jon* 14 girts 'hall be od- dressed to Abettor of Physical Flan! rind wiH be publicly opened ond read at the ti rn r ond dote above men honed do bid may be thonged emended, or modified by telegram or otherwise ofter Ihe same has been submitted cr Bled in response to this 
’ot«e A bid may be withdrown, however, and resubmitted any tim* prior to the time set tar receipt of bilk 

 lh# work end be awarded under one lump sum contract 

The successful bidder «d! be repaired 
<o enter into o contract with the 
University of Texos Health Science 
(enter et Son Antonio, Texos 

A Costlier s Cheek or Certified Check poyoble without recoutse to Th# 
University of Texos Heolth Science 
Center ot Son Antonio or on ac­ ceptable Surety Proposed Bond, in on amount not loss than five percent f$%) of the lamest possible toto! bid, including consideration of alternates, must accompany each bid os o guarantee that, if awarded the con­ tract, the bidder will promptly enter 
•nto a contract and execute bonds in forms provided os outlined in the specifications and instructions to Bid­ ders A Performance Bond ond Poy men* Bond in an amount of one hun­ dred percent (1oo%) of the contract once will be required 

Pions ond specifications may be ob­ tained from the Physical Plant Direc­ tor. The University of Texos Heolth 
Science Center, Son Antonio, Texos upon deposit of 525 OO for one set of alans ond specifications 
The full 
Amount of the deposit will be return­ ed to eoch bidder immediately upon return of pions ond specificotions in good condition, except refund on documents returned toter thon (IO) days ofter dote of bid opening will not be obligatory 

The Owner reserves the right to re ted any and all bids 

Physical Plant Director 
University of Texos 
Health Scionco Conter at Son Antonio 
77o3 Floyd Curl Drive 
Son Antonio, Taxes 78284 

4 BOY: 
Steve 
W a yn e , 
7 4 

4 lbs , 6 ozs., bo rn M ay 19, J 

4 1977. 
J 

4 place your announcement 
4 

J 
Coll 225-1666 
4 

4 
Miss Carroll 
4 t H H H b ★ ★ ★ * 
★ ★ 

SSOO REWARD fo r inform ation to 
I a rre st ond conviction of parties in v o lv e d in th e tt of tru c k and property dam age at the A lam o 
Iro n w o rk s , S ot. M a y 14. C a ll 
223 6161 ext 298 Frank 
T ho usand O a k s , G o ld C o rd 
Charter Membership, best offer. 
494-7)69 
Top cash paid for your old new­ sp a p e rs and c o rru g a te d 
SIS 
Ceraivo AABCO PAPER STOCK 
WANTED: 12 overw eight women to participate in adve rtisin g pro­ gram for womens health studio. 
Call 653-9333 
Woodlake C o untry Club Corpor* ate membership to r sale 653-2598 all day 
Sat Sun. 
A fte r 
6pm wkdavs. 

114 - ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 
Charter your own flig h t! Business trips, fishing trip s, you name It, we ll fly it! t -866-3471 
CIRCLE o SUMM ER CAMP 
Bastrop. Tx., Ages 6-13. For in form ation Call 1-321-5142 

EMPLO V MSM V ii 

DOI- 
D o2— Sale* 
D o 4 — Technical 
DOS— Resumes 
6 o o — A d m in is tra n t 

♦OS— Secretarial 
DIO— Office A C lerk et 
D I 2 — M edical 
D ID — Shifts-Trades 
D ID 
Food-Prinfc Service* 
D IS — Pert Time 
DOO— Help W onted 
Miscellaneous 
o22— Oomeotk 
D 24— Situations W anted 

IN TE R N A TIO N AL ESCORT AND 
TOUR AG ENCY! For fascinating tours of San Antonio, bv day or bv n ight. In te rn a tio n a l E s c o rt ond 
Tour Service is the answ er For in d iv id u a l o r g ro u p to u rs , IN ­ 
TERNATIO NAL con show you the best spots in town 349-4861 

ADVERTISfMtNT FOR BIDS 
Sealed proposals addressed to ie 
OWNER, The Bexoi County Board of 
Trustees for Montol Health and Mental 
Retardation Services Aaron liberman, 
PH D , 
Executive 
Director, 
Albert 
Bustomonte, Choirman 611 N Flores, 
Son Antonio, Texos, 782o5, for the construction of 
Southeast 
Mental 
Health Unit (TEX CMM-3o), Bexar Coun ty MHMR Center, 811 -81S South Presa, 
Sun Antonio, Texos, 7821o, in ac­ cordance with Plans and Specifications prepared by the Architects, lance 
I arcade A Bechtol will be received of the Owner s office as noted above until 3 o'clock P.M., 22 June, 1977 
Proposals will be publicly opened ond read aloud at that time 
(bowings may be exomined without charge at the office of the Architect, lance lorcode 8 Bechtol, 235 East 
Commerce, San Antonio, 782o5 
One complete set of 
Drawings. 
Specifications ond contract documents may be obtained from th* office of the Architect upon payment of a deposit of fifty dollars ($5o) os a luurantee of their safe return Ad iitionol sets may be obtained upon payment of fifteen dollars ($15) for each set of Specifications and the ac­ tual cost or reproduction of the 
Drawings. All Orowmgs ond Specifica­ tions ore the property of the Architect and shall be returned to him. 
Eoch proposal must be accompanied by o bid bond, cashier s check or certified check for 5% of the amount of the proposal made poyoble un conditionally to the Owner 
The Owner reserves the right to reject any or oil proposals ond to waive any n formalities 

1o6 PERSONALS 
1o8 LOST AND FOUND 

2 AAA tour tickets to Spain, May 
24-June 7. Reasonable, 341 5o88 
A p t to s h a re , re fe re n c e s ex- changed. Call Ron 333 6562 

LOST: 6 mos old LAB, black m in ­ iature POODLE 433-4852 a tte r 6 

Clinton J., Call About M ore Con- crete W ork, M organ 341-6358. 
DA TES G A L O R E * M eet Loca l singles. C oll Dateline toll free 
8oo-451-3245. 

LO S T : re d -w h ite m a le b a s s e t h o u n d in B a b c o c k No a r e a . 
696-o243 REW ARD! . 
LO ST: sobie-w hite 4 y r fe m a le 
CO LLIE, 
Townview 
Estates 
681-3738 

SATURDAY TOURS 
• 

ESCORTED 
AIR CO ND ITIO NED 
MOTOR COACH 
Leave S A 8:3oam 
R eturn 6pm 
SIO PER PERSON 
Tour No. I Austin 
Tour No. 2 LB J Ranch 
For reservations call 
828-9123 
681-22o5 

FOR H E LP w ith an unwed areg nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft. Worth, TX 1-8oo 792 11o4 
F or help w ith m ath, ch e m istry biology. 927-4o96 Private tutor 
R o o m m a te n ee ded apartm ent? 344-1516 

LOST: sick female G erm an She­ pherd, 2* i yrs. block and brown. 
Adam s H ill area No tags. BIG 
REWARD* Named “ Shem aine". 
673-887o 

12o BIDS A PROPOSALS 

Scientific-Professional 

SATING SERVICE 
18 TO 8o YEARS 
M atchm aker Inc. 344-1115 

N o rw e g ia n E lk h o u n d , fe m a le to s h o re j “ P e rk y " , Red C o lla r, M in o t, 
N D a k o ta T ag s $25o R e w a rd 
Chortle "T he A rtis t", D irty N el­ lies. 222-2481 

IO? BUSINESS PERSONALS 

♦U TO M O TtV t 
A J 

I 
A NEW MASSAGE LOCATION 
I outside city, open 7 days til 2on> 
P rof m asseuses. 1223o IM35 N 
I between O'Conner & Judson Rds 
! FO XY LA D Y E sco rt and Photo 
I Studio. 349-8971, 12 to 12 

REW ARD! Lost 2 pug dogs, lawn color, mole ond fem ale Nam ed 
So-Bo" ond "Chee-Chee". A tas­ cosa area off Shephard Rd Last seen going west of FM 2536 just off 
S hepherd Rd C all 622-3973 o r 
925-2741 H B White. 

REWARD 
Lost Red Irish Setter pup, 4 mos old 
Hariandale area. 
927-2518 
922-5976 

7o1 — A*meuee»CeWeo»eee 
7 o 3 .7 2 6 — Sports, For*fop* 

7 3 o .7 4 3 — Cars— Far Sate mr Tred* 
744-— C u stom ize d C a r*— 

, Spood-Rotiwq Equip. 
7 4 o —.Trucks t Commercial 
Tra ilers 
Buses 
74 3 — Motorcycles— 

7 5 o — W arned- Autos, 
Trucks, Trollers, 
M otorcycles 
7 5 2 — General Aute 

FREE 

WATERBEDS 

EXOTIC 

MASSAGES 

REWARD 
Lost in V icinity of Huehins Clem. 
Little White Dog, Pieose Contact, 
U n d e r M e d ic a tio n . A n s . 
To 
■MUFFIN'’. 927-6723 o r 923-o479 
A n ytim e , 
_______________ _ 

Given bv the Foxiest G irls in Son 
Antonio Best place to Relax ond unwind "F e e l Better Fast” . O ut­ side City Lim its. Open IO: 3o am to 
4am. Big D iscounts! N orth Side 
PARIS 
HUBB. 
492-2994 
ESCORTS. 

11o SPECIAL NOTICES 

754— Tires— f 
Accessories 
7 5 4 — Auto, 
Financing—-Loan* 
7 3 3 —-Aircraft 
Services— Supplies 

M CM AHON AA. 

BOI ——Compere——Traders 
Bo3 
Me ter Hawse* 
3 o 4 ii Boa t*, M ete r* 
BOA— Sporting Goods 
BOB- Hunting A Fishing 

M O BIL! M O M S B 

LATE NITE 

SPECIAL! 
Vi PRICE 
M assages 9pm to 4am. M ucho 
Talent, Shapely Beauties. P A R ­ 
IS E UBB. 492-2994 
MASSAGES BY P E A N U T '. Bv oppt. 9arn-5pm 
2417 No 
Mom 
736 o411 
SUNDAY SA LE! 

$1o. MASSAGE 
Bv Charlie, Poliy, and Madam X- 
PARIS-RUBB, 492-2994 

_ | I ie II II im I ll .IM— I. Ill — 1^ 
< 
BLOOD 
YDONATIONS? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES OF 
SAN A N T O N IO 
N O W 
O P E N 
ACROSS FROM 
M U NICIPAL A U D ITO R IU M 
AT 
1 1 3 AUDITORIUM C IR . 
Mon.-fn. 1:oo AJL-4:oo P.M. 
CLOSED SAT. A S U N . 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

B IO - Mobile Mama Soto 
B l! — Mobile H om e 
Repairs— Im ar auca 
B IS — Mobile Homa Parks 

M f ■CHAMOIS* 

R O I— Busk**** Equipment 
o o 3 *Maa*WwiidWv%o ^HflrtNn^ols 
ROS— Pektobie Buddings 
4 o 7 — Furniture 

♦ I O Appliances 
♦ 1 2 — Flea Markets 
♦ 14— Antiques 
♦ 14— Atn£ Crafts, Imparts 
♦ IB — Cains A Jewelry 
♦ 3 o 
Camera 
Pisa ta 

9 3 o — Merchandise WemAed 
♦ 3 3 — Auction Sal* 
9 3 4 — Busine** Directory 

 p o o i - p t n 

-le e * 
93B— Poultry-Rabbits 

MVCSTOCK 

9 4 o — Livestock-fe e d . 

o42—Farm Equip et* et* 

 ss fmo cw m im* a a a 
*•*«»« «##*• Se# 
Freef Pose im ** 
1o1— Booths 
1 o3- Card rn* Thanks 

1o 3 
Monists ' • Flowers 
JfAA__Ruqqeml FFBC— ——- — - a 
RrlrasTvrs 
1oS— Cem etery — Bertel 
*•*• 

The Best Massages in Town are at 
I Pompeii Massage, now w ith K itty,,) 
I Chris, Dale, Melanie, Wanda. Sa- 
! TCI, Rose. 1138 Basse, 735-515o 

1o8 UST AMD fOUkD 

Big brown dog found of Mission 
Chevrolet, M ay ll . 224-4136 
C A U T IO N : 2 dogs tost in Bul verde area. Biack and white Dal­ m atian, answers to HYG1A. AND 
- sm a ll black and w h ite shaggy, answ ers to GOOBER 
Both on- j (mots may have been exposed to 
I contagious disease M ust see an­ im als ond person who has come in 
.c o n ta c t to d e te rm in e if disease 
'b o s been s p re a d C o n ta ct im - 
! m ediately Dr. Shelton. 497-3613. 
Or Dr. Vetrono. 344-7671. 
FOUND: Blk and Ton Chihuahua, 
Jefferson High Area 735-8867. 
, FO U N D : B u tto n y m ole, W in d ­ crest, 455-oo11, 655-5436 

EARN $$$ 
WEEKLY 

Blood Plasm a D onors 
Mon -Sol 8 am 4 3o 

Plasma D eriva tives 
3o2 S Motes 
224 1749 

FOUND sm all white female Spit: in 
J e ffe rs o n a re a , 
C o n ta c t 
Humane Society 
■_ 

AUDITORIUM 
A ir co n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s , receptions, donees, etc. Holds up to 45o pe o p le 
G re a te r S A. 
Builder Assoc. 8925 N.W. IH-1o 
696-38oo. 

LOST Alam o Hts, block ton coon hound ("Joe I No tags Flea ta i­ lo r REW ARD! 333-847o 826-4295 

A AOMjger service trenching and sm oii backhoe excavation, quick se rvice sew er and w a fe r lin e s installed or repaired. 341-6124 

Lost, a sheared white Toy Poodle, w ithout cottar, in F a irfie ld area, a ro u n d C a m p o b e llo , 
N a m e , 
" B u ffy " , R e w a rd , Call 655-2738 offer 4. 

Alm ost Free Transportation 
F or Details C oli; 224 2221. 

LO ST: b ro w n -b la ck 3 m os old, p a rt Chow, p a rt C o ilie pup py. 
Harlondole P ark area 922-5949 
LOST: gra y m in ia tu re Poodle, male. Needs m edication Children ore h e a rtb ro k e n 1 B a ndero-H ill crest area. RE W AR D ! 432-o252 or 
432-2432 
Lost in V icin ity of Pecan Volley 
Dr. A Black and Tan Poodle w ith 
T an 
E y e b ro w s , 
G e n o u ru s 
Reword. 534-1719 or 654-2216. 

A m otor publisher is preparin g a p h o to book on W W II a n d is searching for I fam ily which had m embers in various branches of fhe arm ed services as well as I or m ore m embers who contributed to the w a r e ffo rt a t home. This fam ily must have a record of ifs participation in the form of snap shots, letters, diaries and other momentos from period of 194o to 
1945. lf you have such m m aterial, please cai! 713-526-3342 collect. 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed bids, in duplicate, on the origi­ nal forms, signed by on Officer of fn# 
Compony, will be received by the City 
Secretory of the City of Houston, texas in Room 2o3, City Hall until 8 3o A M., 
Wednesday, June I, 1977 and oil bids will be opened and publicly read in the 
City Council Chamber at 9:oo A M on that date for the construction of a sanitary sewer force mam ond all related appurtenances, os follows 
ALMEDA TRUNK SANITARY SEWER 
DIVERSION OF THE SOUTHWEST 
PUMP STATION 
AND 48-INCH FORCE MAIN 
Wastewoter Division Job No. 3378-2 
WPC Tex 1o6o 

(Approximately S,17o ft of 48 ' con­ crete lined cylinder pipe, steel pipe and ductile iron pipe force mom and 
Appurtenances, including revision to 
Southwest Pump Station) 

Pions, specifications ond necessary In­ formation may be obtained from the 
Wastewater Division, City of Houston, 
Room P 1o3, City Holt Annex. 

No provisions have been made for mailing plans and specifications to prospective bidders 
Therefore no pions and specifications will be moiled to prospective bidders or other inter­ ested parties. 

A deposit of $19o.oo (by check or money order made poyoble to 
Wastewater Division, City of Nous ton ) will he required for each set of pions ond specifications. Every con­ tracts who submits a valid bid to the 
City Secretary and returns to Room P- 
1o3 City Hall Annex the plans and spe nutations for this fob not later thon 
IS days from bid date, will be refund­ ed his $1oo.oo deposit 

Bidder s Bond, signed by both the 
Surety ond the Bidder, Certified Cheek, ar Cashier's Check in on amount equal ta ten percent (1o%) of the total bid must accompany each proposal. 

Any contract or contracts awarded un­ der this Invitation for Bids are expect­ ed to be funded in part by a grant 
"irom the United States Environmental 
Protection Agency. Neither the United 
Stotes nor any of its departments, agencies, or employees is or will be a party to this Invitation for Bids or any resulting contract-. This procurement will be sublet to regulations contain­ ed rn 4o CFR 35 936, 35 938 and 35 939 
(OUti OHO!tutti!r IN tMflOYMlMt 
BIDDERS ON THIS WORK W ill BE RE­ 
QUIRED TO COMPLY WITH THE PRESI­ 
DENT S EXECUTIVE ORDER NOS 11246 
AND 1137S. THE REQUIREMENTS FOR 
BIDDERS AND CONTRACTORS UNDER 
THIS ORDER ARE EXPLAINED IN THE 
SPECIFICATIONS. 

Th* City may waive any informalities or minor detects or reject any or oil bids. Award will be mod* ta the lowest responsive, responsible Bidder. 
Dote: April 27, 1977 
A N N A RUSSELL 
C ity S e c re ta ry 

■ swimming pool filter and heating tem of the Northeast Stadium 

Seotad bid pioposals addressed to the Owners will be received in the 
Administrative Office of the North 
East 
Independent School District, 
1o333 Broadway, Son Antonio, Texas 
Work will consist of the furnishing of all labor ond materials necessary for fhe proper construction of a pre- engineered metal building with structural concrete foundation for the system 

Bids will be received until May 27, 
1977, at 3:oo P M and then will be publicly opened and read aloud 
Plans ond Specifications are avail­ able ot R W Opitz and Associates, 
31o W Sunset Road. Son Antonio, for u deposit of $2o.oo, a 5% Bid Bond or 
Cashier's Check is required. 
North Cost Independent School 
District, eta Dr Ivan W bewater, 
Superintendent, 
1o333 
Broadway. 
Son Antonio, Texas—Owners 
R W Opitz and Associates, 31o W 
Sunset Road, Son Antonio, Texas 
782o9 Civil Engineers. 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 
Bids will be received rn the office of 
Personnel on or before 2 o clock p m. 
Monday, June 
6 
1977 for the following: 

INSTAIATION of 
8 inch 
WATERMAN—tie between East and 
West 8 inch at Wide lite Corp. on I H 
35 South 

Minimum specifications can be ac quired at the Personnel Deportment, 
City Hall, 63o East Hopkins, Son 
Morcos, Texas. 

Bids shall be submitted rn Sealed En­ velopes which must be marked os follows: 
DO NOT OPEN IN MAH 
ROOM—Bid for 8 inch Waterman, I H 
3$ South, to be opened 2 e clock p.m. 
June 6, 1977 '• 

Bid invitation number must appeor on Bidders Envelope 

S e aled b id p ro p o s a ls w ill be received bv the San Antonio In­ dependent School D istrict on the following: 
Bid No. 77-1o6-POTATO CHIP D 
CO C H IP S -B id O pening 
1o:3o 
A M. June 16, 1977 
Bid No. 77 1o7 BAD- Bid Opening: 
2:oo P.M. June 16, 1977 
Bid form s may be picked up p rio r to bid opening at the office of the 
P u rch a sin g A gent, 1215 A u stin 
Street- Sun Antonio, Texos 782o8 

124-LBAI NOTICES 
I w ill not be responsible tor any debts in curred other than myself. 
MRS LEE T. STALSBY 

2o1 - BEAL ESTATE NOTICES 
•A Best Deal Eauity* 
Cash in fu ll I day! I buy homes only Any condition or area Big e q u ity O K. I p a y e v e ry th in g ! 
( B ro k e r and a tto rn e y s le a d s paid) Coil 24 hours. 433-3295 ask for Adolph. 828-4817 nites. 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
Let us m ake a CASH o ffe r fo r your home o r equity. Coil now! 
The 
Home 
M art 
655-1281 
$ CASH 
FOR YOUR HOME OR EQUITY 
WE PAY A LL CLOSING COSTS 
924-4331 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 

LOST, mole trl-coltared basset hound, v ic in ity of Colonies 
NorMi-lHIO. Birth mark of distinct 
" I ” on back. Named "H o lm e s ." 
Large reward offered. 3546 Rock 
Creek Run. 
LOST: M ay 2, fem ale fon-white mixed wire terrier. Bellaire area, 
REW ARD! 
After ipm 
326 
Longford.____________ ____ ______ 

F t Clerk Springs m em b ersh ip 
Best offer After 4pm 653-o126 
J IF F Y PRESS new printing ond copying store 49o9 W alzem Rd 
(a c ro s s W indsor P a rk M a li) opening soon! 
_____________ 

LO S T. M in ia tu r e S c h n a u z e r fe m a le s ilv e r g re y , 9 m o s. 
Reword. 423 SIO!; o fte r 6pm coll 
423-1922. 

Mrs. LANA GEER Announces the June 1st Opening of ber 
PIANO 
STUDIO m 
133o7 
Larkbrook located oft interstate 35 North at 
O'Connor Rood exit. Children and adults ore welcomed. F o r infor­ m ation Coli 656-6259. lf no answ er, 
826-3759. 

Cash for your Northside equity 
L o rry Bornebey341-4455, 684-29o9 

Sealed bid proposals will be received by the Board of Tiustees of the North 
East Independent School District for the following items at the times shown: 
VOCATIONAL sumtfs - 2:oo p.m., lu«>d«y. 
Mn? 24,1977 otciAlike/ it ANScfhewc unm - i m p.*., 
WwMewHy, May 25, 1977 
SUING taUPMENT - 3:oo p.m„ Monday, May 
JO, 1977 root! ittvict tOUIfMtNT - 3:oo pj»„ Tvotdoy, 
JI, 1977 

Bid forms may be picked up prier to ibid opening in the office of the Director 
I of Purchasing, N.EI 5.D, ID333 Broad­ way, San Antonio, Texas. 

PHONE FOR SMALL LOAN 
PRESA FINANCE 227-?2o3 

DONT BRING MONEY 
B ring your paint brush, no down paym ent to anyone, 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, some w ith a ir and oil appliances. 
BOB OePAOLO 
344-3o91 
REALTOR 
IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Home. We pay oil clos­ ing costs! We also take trades. 
Call 
494 5571 
435-8474 
532-3252 
Century 21 

CALI 225-1666 
1$ 225 1666 
(XPRtSS AND NEWS 
------------------ j ------------- 

THI ACTION NUMBER 
FOR EAST RESULTS 
PLACE r o u e WANT AD 
IN THE (XPSISS NEWS 
CALL 2 25 -1 66 6 

W A K E FIE LD REALTORS 
QUICK cosh for your equity 
We pay doting costs 
LaHomo Properties, Inc. 
349-2679 
SELLING YOUR OWN HOME ?? 
Need action now? List it with 
Hart McCormick Realtor 344 5564 
W ANTED to buy: Small equity in 
Northside home. Under 53,ooo. No 
-ase.nJJ piecLse^337-5_6l3__ 

 m r r u n le ts a i « m m 

R 
E 
D 
Q i 
R 
P i r 
REA ESTATE 
I rn. ■ ■ 
■ ■ 
■ > 

We’re right on the money. 

The real estate professionals 

 at H eil (.arp et knozj zvhat your home is zeorth. H hen 

 you decide to sell, call tor 

 o u r free Hom e 

Q uotation — no cost or f & I 

 obligation. He* Vc iii 

 on the money — to v , . you get the most 
I 

 for your home. p m * 

 ag r a s s y 

<OiV.y.%%wivvvy?»c 

 to help 

( v.'v, C- C--- VV 
. 
& 
PL c M 

■ 
■■■ 
I m 
• ■ v t ; : : ■•••Yvw i a w e . 

I 
• V ? V ' ' 
V V . 

, f 7 

Call the office nearest you for your 
"Home value" quota lion. 

1727 Babcock 
341-4484 

6519 Bandera 
681-o66o 

% 

81o3 Broadway 

824-o171 

4124 Callaghan Rd. 

434-2341 

HOI Lockhill-Selma Suite 2oo 
342-3111 

8141 
Marba 
675-2152 

 s v 
^ 
V 
; 
. 
> 

6451 Montgomery 

654-7474 

\ 2515 Nacogdoches 

828-8195 

2379 NE Loop 41o, Suite 113 

656-1234 

1oo1 Pat Booker Suite IOO 
658-6211 

81o7 Roughrider 

653-6364 

16274 San Pedro Ave. 

494-5221 

4948 S. IT. Military Dr. 
7269A Wurzbach Rd. 
674-5411 
699-1133 

 loch RED CARPET office is independently owned and operated. 
RiOCARPIT Service is a House X S O L D Word 

 r 
M V * 

\ 
I 
* f ' ? 
- i i 
< 

 if * 
■ h i 
' l i k i b * 
♦ . f H 
R 
V 

SHAVANO PARK EXECUTIVE 
1o5 PAINTED POST 
In this elegant Shavano Park home on a wooded acre 
Outstanding family room features; circular wet bar, beam ed ceiling and massive fireplace, 4 bedrooms, 3'/j baths. B R A N D N E W O N M A RKET with owners saying sell A S A P ! S I 1 5 ,o o o 
6 9 6 - 1 4 1 2 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

3 1 5 G A IE T Y 
Home & Income In Kirby 

 eautiful home on I acre plus duplex in ack. Home has 2 7 o o sq. ft., 3-2-2, sew- g room, 3 patios, spacious yard with aol. Handymans dream workshop with ath (15x129). $87,5oo. rn en tatty eL, J^caLtoxs. 

61-4187 
337-6816 

' 11534 WHISPER BREEZE 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 

Prestige Executive home, 4 bedrooms with game room, swimming pool. 
O N L Y 2Va- Y E A R S O LD. $1 IO OOO. 

6 9 6 - 1 4 1 2 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

COUNTRY LIV IN G 

At its best! 1 9 acres, trees galore. Sp aciou s 4-3 2, heated ond air conditioned 
K enn els for d o g s or horses. C yclone fencing around property, Located in beautiful O a k Village N orth 
C all 8 2 4 o 1 7 1 for private show ing 

TERRELL HILLS 
LUXURY HOM E 

34S M O RNING SIDE 

C om bines 
Southw estern charm with casual sophistication tuned to today s living Professionally landscaped and terraced gro u n d s 
Large heated swim m ing pool. M a id s quarters. Private parking in back as well as circular drive entry in front Hom e s interior done by two leading S a n A ntonio interior 
..decorators 
/ 

CALL FOR PRIVATE S H O W IN G 

8 28 -6 39 1 , A N Y T IM E 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO 
REALTORS— M IS 

N E. lo o p 4 1 o O f t 

O W N A. . . 

M IKE KINDER O R IG IN A L 

IN 

OAK VALLEY • OAK CREEK NW 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
G O IN G UP! 8 V j% TO 8 J/4%! lumber, labor, etc. going up to! Buy now! 9 models open daily! $79,5oo to $115,ooo! 
Trade your home for the down payment! 5-4- 
3 bedrooms, 4-3 baths. 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. Our Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 41o. 

T H t f a 'K w 
L v i' S u r t a x 
6 9 6 -8 3 3 o 

EXECUTIVE COUNTRY 

Beautiful custom brick home and Gary 
Pool on 75 acres. Fenced, cross-fenced, corrals, barns and water system. Open terms. Owner carry. L o w taxes. 

$145,ooo 
CALL ANNETTE MIDDAUGH 

VA N BUREN & ASSOC. 

W INDCREST 
7o6 WEATHERLY 
OPEN SUNDAY 11 A.M. TO 6 P.M. 
PRICE REDUCED FOR Q U IC K SEU 
O W N ER HAS M O V E D 
4 bedroom , 2 'h bath, oil brick hom e with SU P ER floorplan. 
Including a split-bedroom arrangem ent. free form G o ry Pool, with unique land scap ing for privacy. $ 7 5 ,o o o . 
DALCO 
6 8 4 - 7 1 71 
3 4 4 - 1 o 8 9 
3 4 4 - 7 1 2 2 

.. 

REAL ESTATE 
8 2 4 -o 5 4 1 

BUILDING FOR YOU IN 
Marshall M eadow s 

Consfruction of beautiful new hom es in the newest 
Ray Ellison Com m unity of all is m oving ahead quickly to meet the grow ing dem and for fine hom es in file northwest O n e of the first hom es to be com pleted will be a spacious 4 bedroom A u ro ra with all the features you are looking for, from fireplace cathedral ceiling to the exclusive Ellison s energy package 

X2 Ray Ellison for more emmJl J M W M I S information 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S N E W S — Sunday M ay 22 I 9 7 7 

2H1-KJM. ESTATE NOTICES 
291-H m ESTATE HOTlCfS 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1-8M1 ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 U M I ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

36o Eli th Rd. • Sunday 1-6 

Elegance a n d luxury keynote this charm ing hom e in a pork like setting. G ia n t trees grace more than I ocre. “ location tops, condition im m aculate.” 

 t i 4 Bedrooms ■ 3 Baths ■ 3 Fireplaces ■ large Rooms ■ 
High ceilings ■ Custom drapes ti Many built ins ■ Room tc roam and omple spore for swimming pool ond tennis court “ 
Sweeping circular drive 

( H o r t o n 
S h o w n e x c lu s iv e ly b y s o u t h w e s t 
826-7668 r e a ltij 
655-6848 

COUNTRY STYLE AND CLASS 

‘"Energy Su rin g ' 
HOMES bv 
I W E G E N C Y 

This m agnificent 4 bedroom , 2Vj both home with liv­ ing room, dining room, fam ily room has everything, including all prepared kitchen and intercom system thioughout, plus upstairs view area It is located on approxim ately I acre with lorge oaks 

O P E N S U N D A Y 1 - 5 
3 4 1 - 7 o 5 7 
W. F. LACKEY & ASSOCIATES 

238-24o BLAKELY 

I block north of Rittiman Rd. . . . attractive duplex, 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath apartment upstairs and spacious I bedroom apartment down. $52,5oo. 
DALCO 
REAL ESTATE 
824-o541 

DOWN HOME LIVING ON CUL-DE-SAC 

6131 PECAN TRAIL Iou ll love the cathedral ceilings and fireplace, in this spacious TANGLEWOOD HOME. Perfect for entertaining, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, privacy fence adds the finishing touch. S39.6Qo 

E 
J Ray Ellison con j Homes 
696-si 7o 

EXECUTIVE COUNTRY ESTATE 

I ACRE 4 bedroom, woodburnmg fireplace, patio, energy package, many extras Quiet country living — with ail the city conveniences 
NO CITY TAXES One of a kind Wooded lot Purchase before price in­ crease. A bargain at around 561,ooo. 
Call Tom Hotm an or Doug H ow ard 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 
1655 COPPERFIELO 
U S HOME 

9 1 8 S A D D L E B R O O K 

Three bedrooms ond two lull baths, along with privacy fence, all electric kitchen and the truly effective Ellison energy package makes this lovely home ideal for the growing family looking for a reasonable price of $32,2oo VA, with no city taxes in beautiful 
HERITAGE FARM 
FOR M ORE IN F O R M A T IO N 

H o n w s ^ * o11 6 7 3 ' 4 1 * 2 

The Azaleas, Camellias a n d a host of other fine plants, extend to you 
A n Exciting Welcome at 
"A Bill 
81o7 COUNTRYSIDE 
Alterman 
C o st o f N a c o g d o c h e s to C o u n t r y L a n e 
Classic" 
^ "FUN" Home— Yet Eieqant 
Custom Built — Construction Being Completed — 3-4-5 Bedrooms, 4 V; Baths (2 in marble) 
Professional Greenhouse 
# 
Gorgeous Oaks 
3 Fireplaces— Unbelievable Kitchen — Imported ! 
F r a n c e s L e v e n s o n 
ANYTIME lf you are in the market to build, 
2 2 5 -2 3 9 8 
We would be delighted to discuss this with you. 
7 3 2 -4 9 5 

$275,ooo 

--------------- 
• Glorious Poolside 
Imported Stained Glass & Fabrics 

O pen House 
I to 8 Doily 

O P E N S U N D A Y 2 — 
5 
9 2 9 o C IN C H O N A TR A IL 
GARDEN RIDGE ESTATES 

Sitting on 2 ACRES, custom built 4 bed­ rooms, Vh baths, den with FIREPLACE, sprinkler system, wooden deck overlook­ ing 2 o x 4 o G A R Y POOL. Too many luxury features to mention, M U ST SEE!. 

G A R D E N R ID G E REALTY, IN C. 
651-64o4 

2o1 HONEYSUCKLE 
$299,ooo 

7 o o o 
+ sq ft 
5 bedroom s, 
4V; baths plus quarters. Spiral Staircase 3 fireplaces. M irrored wet bar Beautifully hand-carved m ahogany built in g la ss­ ed bookshelves. 2 o foot high archw ay. Custom Pool 
Coll Annette M id d o u gh 

684-7171 
344-1o89 
344-7122 

VAN BUREN & 

ASSoCS. REALTORS w e n ** 

ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! 
Owner-broker must sell fabulous 
Northside, 4 bedroom ail rock house on 5 tree studded acres. Extras in­ clude out building and horse facilities. 
Better hurry on this one at $76,5oo. 
Brokers protected. 
John Philpott 342-48o8 

REDU CED TO $ 3 3 ,o o o 
O W N E R A N X IO U S 

 to sell this 3-2-2 with 2 living areas in 
Camelot ll. Family room, equipped kit­ chen, breakfast area, huge covered patio. 
V A C A N T -M O V E IN S O O N ! 
69o-98o2 
GREAT 
AMERICA 
REALTORS 

B O ER N E A R E A 
A n t iq u e b r ic k o n 4 .1 A c r e s . $ 5 4 , 9 o o 
Prestigious living in custom homes by M S F Construction Compony 
The model pictured above offers soaring views of nearby Hill Court try This beautiful country home is landscaped by nature, nestled in it s own gove of trees, for your place in the country 
A quality custom home of antique brick blended with fine country wood with fireplace, window seats, decorator interiors, beamed ceilings ond spacious 2 cor garage 

 t o /Tecf l y m 

PHONE 349-2o31 COUECT 
424 M A IN STREET. BOERNE 
EVELYN HARDCASTLE 
P H II MUSTO 
249-3451 
537-44o3 

GARDEN OF EDEN 
Charming 4 bedroom home with FANTASTIC island kitchen, white brick fireplace in living room, lorge bay window in dining room, custom drapes, fabulous backyard with cover­ ed patio., fruit trees, fountain ond too much more to men­ tion. Convenient to Medical Center. A showplace inside ond out. $56,ooo. 
F a m ily R e a lty 

732-8111 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 

117o3 SPRING SHADOW 

Live within walking distance of pools and tennis courts, while the children walk to school doily from this lovely home featuring Spanish orchs, at on affordable V A price of $36,8oo. This one has on exclusive energy package to boot rn beautiful B A B C O C K N O RTH . 

Ray Ellison 
Coll 
L2Li Homes 
696-si zo 

WINDCREST 
73o Wirtdrock Circle 
A prestigious home in a prestige cul-de soc location 
Quality custom built 
4 bedroom, 3 both with large format dining room Over 3 ,o o o sq ft. of gracious living including the plont-lovers sunroom. 
Adjacent lot available for tennis court 
$ 9 9 ,o o o Call Caic Ashby, 
6 5 5 o 7 o 7 , 6 5 5 8 8 2 8 

REALTOR 

FTT* Bay Ellison 
«n 
CL* Homes 
696-817o 

O n Two Acres W ooded Land • 2 4 o o sq. ft. living orea 
• Two Separate Central Air Units • See at 2 2 3 1 o Cielo 
Vista • North on |H IO to Leon Springs Exit then Under 
IH IO Left on Access Rd. to Cielo Vista. 
Total Price $ 5 9 ,7 5 o 

Sw inney Co. 462 1o72 or ass 

4 7 o 9 S. A la m e d a 
9 9 2 - 6 1 I I 

5 7 o 6 t v e r h a r f 
9 9 1 - 9 4 1 I 

C o r p u s C h ris ti, T e x a s 

CORNER LOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

Ideal location for on ideal home loaded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings ond privacy fencing. The paneled den and breakfast bar ore eye catchers, ond the exclusive energy package makes this o great find in T A N G L E W O O D with a V A price 
$42,6oo! 

IN SUMMIT OAKS 

“S y i t K 
TRULY A SHOW PLACE — ONE OF A K IN D " 
2 7 A C R E S 
Com pletely restored depot into a luxurious hom e with cab oose on tracks G a ze b o , fenced, earthen tanks, doves, artifacts O n ly 4 5 miles from C o rp u s Christi, $ 1 4 2 ,5 o o . 

R E A L E S T A T E 

7 D 1 8 E A I [STATE WBTICES 
2 11 R H I f S H T i W BTIEF.I 
Z o 1 4 E M . ESTATE NOTICES m 
H 
U 
S 
T 
J K 
I g l ^ 

^ 
SU! WEEMS 
ASSOC, REALTORS 
8 2 6 -o 6 o to 

^ DON JOHNSON C C f ^ 

NORTHWEST 
344-3o78 

NORTH CENTRAL. . 
494 7711 

LOOP 4 ) o .................. 828 8241 

NORTHEAST 
656-3441 

I l k . 
NtW ON MARKET 

N E. SCHOOIS 

This 3 2 2, lucotw) on quiet tut de sac, has large backyard and many other extras Coll today for full details 
$31,5oo 
656 3441, nites 656-8178 

VERY PRESTIGIOUS 

Stunning S bedrooms, 3V5 baths, triple car port, 3 patios Spacious 
G rounds with beautiful oaks carters with bath in rear Must see Reduced to $1o8,ooo 656 
3441, nites 442 9633 

OAK HULS 

In a prestigious area, spacious well built home many pleasing illy dear priced of $57,9oo 828 8241, nites 
655-2437 

 features 

H 
S terling B u rk e ..............................8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 a g 
P ete Cantu (North)..................................... 7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 
2 
P ete Cantu (South)..................................... 5 3 2 -7 5 o o 
* 2 
C lara B elle C a ttie r................... 3 4 4 -o 2 2 5 
2 9 
V irg in ia C e rv e n k a ................... 6 5 5 -5 1 3 1 f g 
G a s e -B a k e r.................................. 6 9 o -8 9 9 o w 
Hodsdon & Associates . . . . 6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 r ? 
Don Johnson (Northwest). . . . 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
*$N 
Don Johnson (loop 41o) 
. 
. 
. 
. 
8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 
B l 
Don Johnson (North Central) . . 4 9 4 -7 7 1 I f S 
Don Johnson (Northeast) . 
. 
. 
. 
6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 
■ m 
Bob Jones (North)...................... 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
* ■ 
Bob Jones (South)...................... 5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 
W I 
Randolph R e a lt y ...................... 6 5 8 -5 3 o 1 
H 
D ale R ile y ..................................... 4 9 4 -3 5 4 1 
Sue W e em s & Associates 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 
J 
Your Key to the City of 
San Antonio r n 

H H 
■ T s rSTERLING BURKE 
HI 
REALTORS 

IB H S b h . 
8 2 4 - 6 3 5 1 

 r n 

FOR SALE OR LEASE 

? and 3 bedroom patio homes, located an hillside overlooking c ly lake IH35 then light on 
Judson Rood, light on fiddlers 
Green then right again to patio homes OPEN from I 6 Sumioy 

EXCELLENT FOR THE 

GROWING FAMILY 

 targe 4 bedroom home within walking distance of moil and elementary school, reasonable, priced in perfect tor the growing family. 

CASTLE HILLS 

Don t bother unless you want lots cl room! It s bigger than it looks 
Already has everything for versatile living 

H I 
H I 
I i 

H I 

 r n 

HODSDON & ASSOC 
I 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 

MEADOW VILLAGE I 

Especially nice 4 bedroom I both, with large family room Easy walk to John Jay High School and elementary school BUY NO DOWN 
VA Puce just reduced low pay­ ments can be assumed 

LACKLAND TERRACE 

You must see to realize the floor spoce rn this 3 bedroom 2 both. fully carpeted, lovely location, low 2o s BUY NO DOWN VA or assume 

CLARA BELLA CATHER 
REALTOR 
3 4 4 - o 2 2 5 
^ 

HELOTES PARK ESTATES 

 lovely all brick 
3 large bedrooms, 2 baths, family room with fireplace Beautiful park like grounds Just $61,5oo 344 8462 

PEACEFUL & OUIET 

Beautiful native rock home on 
821 acies Completely fenced 2 bedrooms, family room with fireplace • large enclosed sun or sleeping porch. Homey built iii electric kitchen Great commercial potential. $62,5oo 822 9285 

ALAMO HGTS. 
8 UNIT APARTMENT 
One ot a kind' fantastic 4 • yr old complex with lovely landscap et) courtyard 2 bedroom, 2 baths in each unit luxury thruout Coll for info and opp! 824 6828 

VIRGINIA CERVENKA 
REALTOR 

6 5 5 - 5 1 3 1 

IN WINDCREST 
A really nice 2 bedroom, 2 both 
Home 
Large living orea with fireplace, large country kitchen, formal dining. 
LOTS OF SPACE 
In this 4 bedroom, 2K> bath home 
Den, formal living and dining 

CONVENIENTLY LOCATED 

A nice recently painted, 3-2-1, in ­ cludes drapes, refrigerator, cen rial heat and air, and other ex teas, $29,ooo 
828 8241, nites, 
656 8464 

WATER FRONTAGE 

Beautifully located 1o7 ft water front 
3 forge bedrooms, 2 full baths, screened and covered porch, separoe party room with full bath, large wet bar and a wooden fence 
Complete with boot docks Minutes to San An tonio 494 7711, nites 655-7383 

COMAL COUNTY 

Beautiful rolling acreage, large 
Germun 
Stone ranch home 
Several out buildings Completely fenced 
Ptivote tank. Great in vestment potential 
$125,ooo 
494 7711. nites 655 7383 

BY GOLLY - 
$38,9oo! 

Don t miss this great 4 bedroom, 
2 both 
I ’/? year old, brick and cedar borne, split bedroom or rangement, fireplace in family room. finished double garage 
344 3o78, nites 344 1612 

NO YARD WORK 

Exciting 3 bedroom, 2Vj both townhouse dose to NW bases. 
Medical 
(enter, cmd 
U T S A 
Choice lot with trees, intercom, decorotion by 
Eldon 
Only. 
$49,75o 
344 3o78, n.tes 492 
28o7 

GASE-BAKER 
REALTOR 

6 9 o - 8 9 9 o 

' n g j 

J S k 

TREES TREES! 

HOLLYWOOD PARK is the location of this 3-2-2, with space to wan der and large lot All foe $55,ooo 

LACKLAND KELLY AREA 

3-2 2 Super clean with covered patio Built ins and drapes stay 
Assume $19o mo . or refinance 
NOW! 

RANDOLPH REALTY 
REALTOR 

^ 
6 5 8 - 5 3 o 1 
S R 

THE GLEN 

4 bedroom home, refrigerator, range dishwasher, disposal, water softner, lots of carpet, covered patio, small equity, or new loan. 
$24,ooo 

NEAR LACKLAND 

Nice 3 bedroom — all appliances, only $41oo down, $133 month at 
7%, $18,5oo 

FIRST OFFERING 

Townhouse rn Heritage farm All appliances, and diapes remain 
See to appreciate 

OFF PERRIN BEITEL 

FIRST OFFERING 

Assume 
8 'ri% toon on this charming 3 bedroom home with family room, central heat and air, cathedral ceiling in living room, covered patio, Mid 2o's, 

826-o6o6 
824-91o9 

ASSUME 7 % LOAN 

FIRST OfFERING 

$13o mo payments 
Northeast schools 
3-1 rn good condition 
Stove, refrigerntor and washing machine included 
New roof in ' 
1972 Available immediately. Coll today loc details. 

826-o6o6 
824-91o9 

WOODLAWN HILLS 

FIRST OFFERING 

Deep lot filled with shade trees is the setting for this charming home 3 bedrooms, central heat and oir, and a big patio for en­ joying this beautiful backyard r n 2o s 

826 o6o6 
826-6272 

YOUR OWN ESTATE 

IN CITY 

FIRST OFFERING 

 like living in the country on this secluded oak studded acre 
Beautiful Spanish home with 12 ceilings, Parquet and DeHams tile floors. 
Your own pool bedrooms, huge den with fireplace, 2 full baths, 2 hall baths This you must see! Walk to elementary and MacArthur 

826-o6o6 
824-6683 

DRIVING YOURSELF CRAZY? 

 lust a stroll to North Star Moll and Ridgeview Elementary from this 3 bedroom, 2 bath, all brick home 
Central heat and air, 
(overed patio, and loaded with charm Mid 3o s. 

826-o6o6 
826 6272 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 

NORTHSIDE ............. 344 2341 

SOUTHSIDE 
533-7163 

Lo ok in g for a n e w h o m e ? 

TODAY S YOUR. LUCKY DA Y. . . 

High Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 
$42,1oo to $58,75o 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M ead o w W ood North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

$33,75o to $42,25o 
Jones-Moltsbgr at Thous. Oaks 
The G reat Northwest 
6 8 4 -1 1 2 3 
$39,275 to $59,1oo 
TM 471 of Culebra 

• VA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double Garages 

• North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 
C o u rte sy to B rokers 

★ STOP ★ LO O K Ar C O M P A R E ★ 
☆ ALL BRICK HOME ☆ 

* 1 6 , 9 5 o ram S I 
3 Bedroom—- I VS Baths 
W e also build la rg e r ho uses. 

Still Ite^iiiuiiimiw 

Model Hom e— 4 o1 I Gordina 
(O ff 2 o o o Block W est Ave.) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination, 
W e Also Do R em odeling & Fireplaces 
3 4 9 -1 4 9 1 
3 4 1 -o o 1 6 
59 17 San Pedro 
Special B uilders, Inc. 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

• Robing hills and oak trees 

• In North East or Northside School District 

• Recreation areas 
I 
Bl r f 

 t u t - 

• Homes $5o,ooo to 512o,ooo 

Patio, Garden cmd Estate Homes. Or 

 custom build, and choose decor 

HUNTER 5 
CREEK 

MEDICAL CENTER— USAA 

Spacious 3 bedroom, VO botha, all brick home with separate living, dining and den with fireplace Prestige location 344- 
2341. 

RETIRE 

In the country on 2 acres of ouks. fenced, comfortable mobile home plus 2 added rooms 
3 metal buildings Only $14,ooo For ad ditionol information, call Jean 
Martin 344 234J or 494-2o27 

ISN T IT ABOUT TIME 

You treated youiself to the best 
Brick 4 bedroom, 2 bath, carpet, double garage 
ARLENE CLARK 
5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 , 53 2 -1 2 7 8 

HIGHLAND HILLS 

Brick 3 bedroom, large living orea, fenced yard wiih pecon trees, close to elementary schools, bases 
ROBERTA WHITE 
5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 ,3 3 3 -8 7 6 3 

COUNTRY! 
SIDE 

OPEN SATURDAY 
1:oo til 7 :o o p.m . 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
1 4 8 o 3 GALLANT FOX 

L o v e ly 2 -s to ry w h ite b ric k h o m e o n w o o d e d c o rn e r lo t. 4 

 b e d ro o m s , 2'/? b o th s , s tu d y , p la y ro o m , c lu tte r ro o m a n d 

 a ll th e o th e r fe a tu re s th a t y o u w o u ld e x p e c t in a to p 

 q u a lity hom e. B u ilt b y S u p e rb H o m e s (Jesse a n d Bruce 

B aker). 
Buy n o w a n d se lect som e o f th e c o lo rs a n d 

 c a rp e tin g , A g ra c io u s h om e fo r $ 8 8 ,6 o o . 
Call 4 9 4 -7 6 5 1 AN YTIM E 

I f o s o u r 
B c k b n s 
- 
REALTORS — 5o YEARS OF TR UST 

O M N 1 : o o * o o 
143o7 CITATION 
(w e a th e r p e rm ittin g ) 
In 
CHURCHILL 
(STATES o ft 
B IA N C O 
2 -*to rv , ait brick 
Hom e w ith 5 b e d ro o m * (o r 4 plus study!), 
2 '/, baths. , . n e a r 
Churchill 
High 
Living room w ith lo v e ly , d ining o ffs e t. . .pecan p a n e le d 
Cornily room w ith brick fire p la c e , bookcases and doors to a p a rtia lly c o v e re d p a tio ! H arvest G old, b u ilt-in appliances (com pactor to o !) w o rk ro o m in g a ra g e pius d etach ed w o rkshop! 
E xtras g a lo re ! 
$ 7 7 ,9 o o 
6 5 3 -7 3 4 1 
OPEN 2 : o o - 6 : o o 
3 3 3 o EA5Y BENO in OAK GROVE ESTATES o ff 
W A Y W A R D fresh p a in t a n d tots o f p re tty p a n e lin g a d d to th e decor o f this w e lT -k e p t h om e! 
3 bedroom s a n d a c o m p artm en ted b a th . . .liv ­ ing room w ith doors to a c o v e re d p atio in th e fen ced b a ckyard . 
Range w ith v e n t hood in kitchen! 
$ 2 o ,9 o o , 
6 5 3 -7 3 4 1 
OPEN 2 : 3 o - 5 : o o 
141o GREY OAK 
In 
O AK 
GLEN 
PARK o ff 
B IA N C O . 
Lovely te rra x x o fo y e r leads to a la rg e , sunken living room and a p an e le d fam ily room w ith firep lace, cath ed ral ceiling and bu ilt-in storage! M a s te r suite has p riv a te p a tio , his ’n hers show ers and w a lk -in closets. . .3 bedroom s in all lus office or q u a rte rs ! 

PETE C A NTU 
REALTOR 
N o rth side ................... 736-4296 
^S outhside 
— 
532-75o1 
296 JI 

5oi d 
| 

THE OUTCOME IS THE INCOME 

4 rental homes, need repairs, qaod talk northside location le ts 

A DIRTY STORY 

 sure needs fixing with this older home on J commercial corner lot. 
Is great for smoll business 
Special to you. $19,5oo 

OPEN SUNDAY 
2:3o to 5-3o 

8411 CAPRICORN 
Elegant 4 2 2 in Olympia Beautiful land pool to keep you cool 
Handsome dual fireplace Marvelous for family living and entertaining 
$58,7oo 

5311 LOS CAMPANAS 
In Valencia, delightful and pretty 3 
2-2 with fine decorating and pro­ fessional landscaping 2 living areas, separated by dual fireplace. Good assumption. $48 9oo 

$o51 SIERRA MADRE 
Outstanding 4-2 ? with GARY POOL rn El Dorado Vaulted ceiling in 2 liv­ ing areas, fireplace in family room, rerriq and water softener included. 

$58,$oo 

9o63 GARDEN RIDGE DR. 
A full dire with lovely oak trees is the setting foe this all brick 4-2-2 in the beautiful residential community af Garden Ridge 
2 living areas, fireplace and gieenhouse. I horse allowed Reduced to $62,5oo 

8 2 8 - 5 6 3 6 
N O R TH N O O P , IN C . 
REALTORS 
MLS 

2 WOODED ACRES 

Designed by 
o Neil 
Fold loc present owner 
Hiqh, high failings, beautiful wide plank flooring, standing seam copper roof, too many extras to describe 

HRST OFFERING-AH SCHOOIS 
Completely remodeled 2 story in most desirable location Entrance hall separate living, dining room, 
'ibinry breakfast room, 
4 baths and super gorgeous kit 
'hen 
This is wliut everyone wants 

SPANISH COLONIAL-TMI 

Delightful 
I story buck, on beautiful sprinklered grounds, with moture oaks. Designed by owner architect with mony special handcrafted features. 

ON 2 LARGE LOTS 

65oo sq ft of luxury at a fraction of replacement cost. 
5 large bedrooms Plus 9x5 living room with oversized fireplace, banquet sized dining room, family coom with wet boc and a custom designed greenhouse 

TMI CHARMER 
High ceilings, dark stained hardwood floors, fireploce in liv­ ing loom beautiful kitchen, 
■'any many built ins 
This is what everyone wunts so you bet­ ter hurry 

TERRELL HULS HILLTOP 

Completely restored interior with 
'ovely custom kitchen and baths. living room 
(slate fireplace), large separate dining and breakfast rooms, 4 bedrooms, 2 
■•iff ag rooms, high ceilings, dark 

 stained floors, new roof 

BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL 

? story with basement game room 
Living room 
(fireplace) separate dining, morning room, breakfast room and powder coom down All large bedrooms up with dressing room off rooster suite. 
Sprinklered grounds with pool. 

MAGNIFICENT TRUE 

Georgian Colonial. Designed for present owner by Bartlett Cocke 
25 master bedroom with f replace, large living room with fireploce, separate dining, brick floored walnut paneled family room, beautiful gardened patio 

TERRELL HlllS-A.H . Schools 

On a beautiful, sprinklered corner lot with circular drive, Arizona ledaestone, 
J story with thick shake roof, 4 or 5 bedrooms plus quarters. 3 car concrete floored garage. Completely charming. 

HISTORICAL AREA 

On a 35o deep lot and 4 bedroom pius 2 sitting rooms up. Gracious center enframe hall, formal living dining rooms, library, brick floored breakfast room, large morning rooms, all modern k it­ chen with chopping block island, enormous attic 
824-3233, 822- 
5973, 822-91o3. 826 oo49 

W AN T 3 OR 4 B E D R O O M S , * 
BATHS, DEN, HOME NEAR LEE 
HI SCHOOL 
LA RG E E Q U IT Y 
OK. CASH TO O W N E R 
BEN 
FR IE DM A N 732-8o18 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

W EIL BUY YOUR HOME 
I or lot for cash Fast service Will trade. 
BOB DePAOL.O 
344-3o9) 
REALTOR 
I WHY PAY RENT? Own your own home. No down payment. 3-4 be- 
! drooms, fenced. 
I Lloyd Montgomery 
658-18o6 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

ALL BRICK 3 bedroom ) ' .- bath 
HOME BU ILT ON YOUR LOT i $16,95o IOU Gardma off W Ave 
SPECIA BUILDERS Inc 349-149) 
49oS ALTHEA open Sunday J til 6 
I pm. Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 car garage. 
655-6848 
DAY OR NIGHT 

Morton Southwest Realty 
Reese Henry 

655-3584 
R e a lto r 
A nytim e 

215 AVE MARIA 
OPEN 1-5. Spacious older 2 story home, waik to Lee and Nimifz 
; 345o sq It, 3 bedrooms, 3' i baths, 
I plus a 2ox35 finished d orm er, 
I Formal dining room, 15x2o den ,' j acre tree lined lot Low'5o's As­ sume $321 per mo or refinance, 
, Will trade 
BOB DePAOLO 
I 344-3o9)__________ 
REALTOR 

27112 Bent Trail 
Beautiful NEW custom built 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home on H i acre lot in Trailwood. 
O P E N 1-5 p m 
Sat. and Sun., May 2) and 22 or Call 
3 42-4115 A N Y T I M E 

215 LARIAT 
Canyon Creek Estates 
OPEN 2 to 7 p.m. 

Custom 
Mediterranean 
• con­ temporary home on 2 acres, with view of Hills1 5 Bedrooms, 3 Vi boths, 
OVERSIZE family room, sunny gourmet kite ten designed both for family and living en­ tertainment, price $159,5oo. 

341 I HUNTWICK 
Colonies North 
Open I to 5:3o P.M. 

Spacious 4 bedrooms, 2 baths home with sepoiote living and dining rooms. A family room with cathedral ceiling and fireplace, and mony other extras for you to see $64,ooo 

12o DOGWOOD 
Castle Hills 
Open 2 to 6 p.m. 

MOVE IN TODAY os owner is leav­ ing city! 4 bedrooms and 3 baths including a separate guest suite 
Separate living and dining rooms, both with HAND HEWN BEAMS, knotty pine paneling and ouk floors. 
The addition of the beautiful family loom, the charming country kitchen, sparkl­ ing pool and the oversized treed yard makes this home truly uni­ que ONLY $88,ooo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691 -11 2 T 
341-9191 
6 5 6 -5 5 2 o 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

REALTY WORLD 

HERITAGE PARK 

MID 4o S 

IN SAN PEDRO HILLS AREA 

NEW HOME5 MELTON GEORGE 

ENT. 

CORNER BROOKHOLLOW AND 

HIEMER 

14211 SUSAN CREST 

3-2-2. slightly Contemporary, large den, beamed ceilings with fire­ place, spacious dining, master bedroom has sitting area, double patio with view 

171o4 AUTUM WOODS 

3 2 2, forge beamed den, with fireplace, country kitchen, spacious dining, split bedrooms, master very large. Open from I till dark 

494-16o1 
494-3o12 
REALTY WORLD 
COMPASS REALTY 

OPEN SUNDAY 
1:oo til 7:o o p.m. 
IN BEAUTIFUL CHURCHILL ESTATES 
148o3 GALLANT FOX 

 lovely 2 story white brick home on a wooded corner lot 4 bedrooms, 2 V? 

 baths, study, playroom, clutter room ond all the other features that you 

 would expect in a top quality home Built by Superb Homes (Jeese ond 

Bruce Baker) Buy now ond select some of the colors and carpeting. A 

 gracious home for $88,6oo 

Call 342-321 I Anytime 

 j l o s o u r & k & T K . 
REALTORS —- SO YEARS OF TRUST 

OPEN SUN. 2 TO 6 
1o6 THOMAS 
JEFFERSON 
Over 
16oG sq ft iii this 
2 bedroom home in Jefferson Area 
Priced at $33,5oo, 
7622 LYNN ANN 
2 Story 
2'ri baths, 4 bedroom home in 
French Creek. 
Many extras • including a wet bar Pric­ ed of $64,9oo 
684-433o 344 62o7 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REALTORS— MLS 

Bandera Ofc. 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 5 
171o PARHAVEN 
OAK HAVEN HEIGHTS 

IF you are looking for a 3 bedroom 2 balli large living area with fireplace, 
2 patios, court yard, on a beautiful corner lot • drop by1 Hostess Rose lilly 

REALTORS 

 la rg e , bright kitchen w ith w o rk -iila n a and cabinets g alo re! N o rth e a s t schools! 
$ 8 6 ,9 o o . 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
OPEN 2 : 3 o - 5 : o o 
6 o 3 3 CAMMIE W AY 
In 
CASTU (S T A U S o « 
RUE 
FRANCOIS. 
Spacious law n s w ith b ea u tifu l, old oaks. . .a 
2 -s to ry tra d itio n a l h o m e. . . and. just tor Fun, a h e a te d pool w ith diving b o a rd ond slide! 5 bedroom s. 2 
“d e c o r­ a to r” baths. . .huge, o p en living a re a w ith a w o o d - burning firep lace and a p a tio enclosed as a 
“ F lo rid a " room ! G re a t living! 
$ 6 3 ,9 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
OPEN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
231 RIDGEHAVEN 
In NORTHRIDGE o ff N . N EW 
BRAUNFELS 
E ye-catching landscaping and an im ­ a g in a tiv e decor! 
B eau tifu l ced ar has been used to enhance this hom e. . .inside and out! Bay w in d o w s in th e livin g and dining room s. . .a fire p la c e in th e 2 5 x 2 4 fa m ily room . . .4 bedroom s plus qu arters, lib ra ry too! 
W e t b ar, greenhouse and m an y m o re extras! 
$ 6 9 ,9 o o . 
8 2 4 -9 6 3 1 
OPEN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
133 OAKSIDE 
In M EA D O W OAKS o ff T U M - 
B tf BROOK. B eau tifu lly Wept, 
7 5 % brick hom e in Judson school district, has 
4 b e d ­ room s, 
2 baths. . .la rg e , open livin g a re a w ith w o o d - burning firep lace! 
P atio , landscaping, sp rin kler system ! 
$ 4 o ,5 o o . 
4 o 4 -7 7 7 1 
OPEN 3 : o o - 6 * o o 
3 1 o W . SUVER SANDS 
In 
ENCHANTED 
FOREST o H 
WEST AVE. or SAN PEDRO! 
Seconds a w a y fro m access to eastbound or w estb o u n d streets! 
Im m acu late h o m e w ith b eau tifu l 
(aw n and m a n y o a k s .. .co v e re d p a tio , p rivacy fence! 3 bed ro o m s, 2 baths, livin g -d in in g co m ­ bin atio n and a p a n e le d fa m i­ ly ro o m -kitch en w ith a fire p la c e ! N o rth e a s t schools. 
$ 5 8 ,5 o o . 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
OPEN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
3 1 9 MADRID DRIVE 
In CO R O N A D O 
VILLAGE o ff 
CO R O N A D O BLVO. S p arklin g w h ite brick ho m e w ith te r ­ ra zzo e n try , shag carp e tin g , b u ilt-in kitchen! 4 bed ro o m s, 
2 skylig h ted baths. . .liv in g - dining room plus p a n e le d fa m ily room w ith c a th e d ra l ceiling, firep lace and b o o k ­ shelves! Judson schools. 
$ 5 3 ,4 6 1 
6 5 8 -7 o o 7 
O PEN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
6 3 1 4 GREENCIRCLE 
In 
GREENRIOGE 
NORTH o ff 
RIDGE 
M EA D O W . 
A lm ost n e w . . .landscaped w ith shrubs and roses. . .this 
4 b e d ro o m hom e is in a young a re a in the N o rth e a s t school district! 
Single livin g a re a w ith a huge, corner fir e ­ ploce, cath ed ral ceiling and box w indow s! Shag c a rp e t­ ing, b u ilt-in kitchen, u tility room p atio 16x1o1 
$ 4 1 ,5 o o . 
6 5 8 - 7 o o 7 

O PEN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
1 o 5 o 6 MOSSE ANR ‘ 

In CHARTER O AKS o H COL­ 
O N Y . N e x t m onth. . .y o u can live in this lo v e ly , co u rty a rd h om e! Form al livin g and d in ­ ing room s plus a fa m ily ro o m 
1 9 x 1 7 w ith b e a m e d , c a th e ­ d ral ceiling and p a n e lin g which exten d s to th e b re a k ­ fa s t room and ch eery k it ­ chen! 4 bedroom s, 2 p re tty baths! 
$ 5 7 ,2 o o . 
6 9 6 -4 8 1 1 
OPEN 2 : o o - 5 : o o 
9 6 5 o VICTORIA LANE 

In W IN D W O O O ESTATES o ff 
W IN D W O O D ORIVE (o u t IH - 
1o to Tarpon e x it). 
Follow th e signs to see this w o n ­ d e rfu l estate! A lm ost 5 acres w ith horse stalls and tack room . . .fru it trees and g a rd e n . . .and, a m arvelo u s, brick ’n cedar hom e w ith 4 bedroom s, 2% baths. . .o p en liv in g -fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , dining a re a and co vered p atio . 
S e p a ra te g a m e room w ith 
8 ' pool ta b le ! Triple garag e! 
$ 1 1 3 ,o o o . 
4 9 4 -7 7 7 1 
Guy Capman Cb. 

REALTORS 1 = 1 

ORIN SUN 2 TO 6 
43o1 MUIRHEID 
IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS, 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 both com­ pletely draped home large fam i­ ly room with fireplace, wet bar, flubhouse and 
2 community pools $79,5oo 
43o7 MUIRFIEID 
IN THE VILLAGE IN oAKHILL5 
Exceptional 3 bedroom. 2 both home with corner fireplace m family room Wet bar, trash com­ pactor, limited maintenance Two community pools $78,5oo 

HIU COUNTRY VILLAGE 
213 TOMAHAW K 
Beautiful 5 VY acres of Oak trees 
Comfortable rambling country rock, 3 2-2 home with double carport 
Two fireplaces, a large 
I shaped country kitchen, 
$1o5,ooo 

CHURCHILL HIGH AREA 
1o4o7 MT. MARCY 
Super family home in lovely neighborhood. 
5 bedrooms, 
3 baths, fireplace, lots of B ls and closets 
Rear entry garage ond spoce for boat and trailer. 
$89,7oo 
14727 TURKERY RIDGE large 4 bedroom, 2 bath, like new, completely fenced. Choice corner lot fireplace in family room, open kitchen, many extras 
$58 9oo 
5315 CHARTER OAKS 
All rock 3-2-2 in Glen Oaks Pork 
Minutes to Med Center and LUSA. large shode trees, two pecon, water softner, built-in appliances, privacy fence 
Owner anxious 
$42,9oo 
741o CASTIE FAWN 
A 36x18 Gary Pool is one of the features of this spacious 4-2-2, the magnificent yard has a 52 ft. patio with gas bar-b-q 
All ap pliances, drapes and wnter softner stay, Handy to Windsor 
Park Mall, Randolph AFB and Et. 
Sam 
Priced for quick sale at 
$47,9oo. 
3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 
4 9 4 -7 7 1 1 6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 

3627 MAPLETON 

OH 
Tiogo in 
THE 
SUMMIT 

Young at heart 3-2-2 w ith 

 form a l living and dining, fireplaced fam ily room, 

 decorator kitchen w ith built 

 in. $45,9oo. 

5811 BENNINGTON 

OH 
Callaghan in 
BREE 

ZEWOOD. 
W ell k e p t 4-2-2, 

 form a l living, paneled den 

A la rge eating kitchen! 
LOW 

I ASSUMPTION. $32,9oo. 

2134 BABS 

O ff Antioch in 
GREENLAWN 

TERRACE. 3 bedroom , 2 bath, 

 w ith carport. Separate living 

 and dining room s, larg e 

 fa m ily room! 
Central a heat, lovely yard. $31,5oo. 

6 9 o -9 8 o 2 

I GR EAT 
' A M F R IC A 
I HF A C T O R * . 

OPEN SUNDAY 

CASTLE HILLS 
215 NORTHCRREST 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
Good VALUE in this eve' popular area 
2183 sq 
H 
(per county records) 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, with delightful formal ond informal living 
Fireplaced family room overlooks beautiful treed yord 18 utility or hobby room with loads of built-in cabinets ond closets Ter­ razzo, Saltillo and carpeting 824- 
o121 ANYTIME 

MARY MONT 
3828 BARRINGTON 
2:3o to 5:3o p m. 
Beautiful townhouse 7 bedrooms, 
? luxury baths, living room, 31 x- 
16 with lirepioce 
Gourmet k it­ chen with breakfast area Enclosed huge patio 824-o121 ANYTIME 

MISSION TRACE 
11426 HOLLOW TREI 
2:oo to 6:oo p.m . 
BREATHTAKING! describes this large 
4 bedroom. 2 bath (J club) ex­ ecutive garden home in this com­ munity of natural beauty located on a high corner lot convenient to everything in this excellent 
Northwest location 
Imported 
Italian tile in kitchen 
Corning cooktop, self-cleaning oven Home vacant, sparkling clean and wait­ ing (or its new owner! 24-hour pro­ fessional security, inspect this one todoy 342-3211 ANYTIME 

RIDGEVIEW 
422 MAPLEWOOD 
1:3o to 6:oo p.m. 
Beautiful 75% mason home. 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, dining room or 
3rd bedroom 
(overed patio. In quiet orea, good clean, well-kept neighborhood, move-in condition 
Near bus line. North Star Mall, 
North 
East schools 
Assume or refinance. 
$27,ooo 
494 7651 
ANYTIME 

KING 
O ' HILLS 
11o2 MOREY PEAK 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. 
SAVE ON GAS le t the children wolk 
Jo elementary, church and shop ping from this nice 3-bedroom, 2 bath home just off Blanco. Pretty fenced yard with large trees and garden area 
Nice assumption 
Spectacular buy in low 3o's 494- 
7651 ANYTIME 

MARY MONT 
9o14 WIGFIELD 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. 
Elegant townhouse, custom draped, roomy built-in kitchen with loads of cabinets and breakfast area. Powder room down plus 2 full baths up 
2 large bedrooms, formal living or study designed for maximum privacy! 
Spacious family room looking into a garden patio 494-7651 ANYTIME 

 l l o s o u r & k f i h K s 

REALTORS — SO YEARS Of TRUST 

 r 

OPEN SUN. 2 TO 5 
1o426 ANNAPOLIS 
THE SUMMIT 
4 bedroom, 2 bath ond den home on a huge lot, which has been landscaped by Los Patios, feotur- ing^ D Hannis trellis covered patios, and trees, and plants that defy description pius others ex­ tras 

REALTORS 

3 4 9 1 4 3 6 

VV 

OPEN HOUSE 3-5 
Alam o Hgts. Schools 
2o2 CANTERBURY HILL 
TERRELL HILLS 
- 
Elegant 2 story brick for distinguished living. 
Enhanced by high ceilings, beautiful mill work, 4- 
3 qtrs., 3 car garage, living room with fireplace, formal separate dining, landscaped yard. 

221 BURR ROAD 

TERRELL HILLS - Overlooking 
Golf Course, 
Oak floors just refinished in this 2 story brick built by Hagy. 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 VY baths. Living room with fireplace opens to sitting room. formal dining, breakfast room, qtrs, sprinkler system. 

JONES-KING O T-'-TC i 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 
^ At mi* ut % Lr 

OPEN S U N . I TO 5 
2 1 6 RALSTON 
Randolph 
Valley, walk home near Judson High School, large 
4 bedroom, 2 bath with ap­ proximately 19oo sq. ft formal living and dining, den with fireplace Priced at $49,65o. 
6 5 8 -3 5 3 5 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—AALS 

Randolph Ofc. 

OREN HOUSE 
SAT. & SUN. l-6pm 

1o7o7 OLD BLUE LANE 
OAK CREEK NW 

SIo9,ooo mokes this 3,37o sq. ft. 

 home the best buy in this exclu­ 

 sive area! Contemporary 5 bed­ 

 room, 4 baths and 2 big living 

 areas. BY OWNER 
6 9o-158o 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
335 ARGYLE 
OPEN 2-5 

 large 
2 story 
VICTORIAN 
TOWNHOUSE. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths 
+ quarters + 2 car garage 
Adjacent to 
Argyle 
Club Beautiful yard and deck overlooking 
Olmos 
Basin. 
SI 26,ooo. 

826-7791 or 822-9661 

BRAUN STATION EAST 
83o7 WATCHTOWER 
OPEN SAT-SUN 7-5 
Do come see this charming 4 be­ droom home, there are worlds of extras. 558,9oo. 344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o ld 
REALTORS MLS 

DECK IN THE SKY 
Overlooks miles of green valley, redwood and brick home with 4 bedroom, 3’ J both, game room, 2 fire p la c e s , 2 a cres of h eavy timber TRAILW OOD IH IO NW 
OPEN SATURDAY-SUNDAY 

CUSTOM 
KON Company 
OM HOME TJUlL 
6 98-2445 
DERS 

HARMONY HILLS 
OPEN 2-5 
115 TANGO 

3-2-2, completely remodeled. 
New roof, kitchen, carpeting, fireplace in family room, cen­ tro! air-heat, private patio. 
OWNER AGENT 
344-73o8 

/ f t / ? J e A C T O R S 

P L A Y A L I T T L E 

With A W ant Ad. 

It s smart, profitable and so easy. Call now for an Ad Visor. 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 6 
5o2 ANTLER 
CASTLE 
HILLS spacious family home on pretty hall one lot, 3 or 
4 bedrooms, separate living and dining area 

5635 
CLEARWOOD 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, split bedroom arrangement, cathedral ceilings throughout 

9233 BINGHAM 
Beautifully decorated 
5 bedrooms, 3 VY bath home, load ed with closets, lovely landscaped yard. 

4o27 GLENROCK 
The perfect home for en­ tertaining. 
4 large bedrooms, 
3ox15 family room, almost 24oo sq ft. of pure luxury. 
11823 PETAL elightful 2 bedroom condo, with large cover patio, kitchen ond bathrooms redecorated. Mony ex bas 
3 4 9 -5 1 1 1 
3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 

N. Central Ofc. 

OPEN SUN 1-6 
3119 CHISHOLM TRAIL 

Near Marymont, north of Mac­ 
Arthur Park New LUXURY HOME on ideal corner lot 
Enjoy the con­ 

 veniences of a side entry garage. 
Spacious separate dining room and a family sized family room. A most complete property including a 

 most spacious patio 
SEE 
FOR 

SURE!!! $65,5oo 

828-6343, eves 653-9596 

CORNELIUS 
L B 
& A S S O C IA T E Si 

HOME 
OF 
DISTIN CTIO N 
OPEN SUN I TO 5 

132o7 LARKYORKE 
4 la rg e bedroom s, V t baths, 
French doors to covered patio and beutitut fenced bock yard. 
M any e x tra o rd in ary e xtras. 
Come see this gorgeous home and make the owner an otter he con not refuse, 
824-2391 (A nytim e) 
Beanie Owens Co 
RE AL TORS-Austin Hwy Otc 
Now showing a lovely home, by owner, near Hospitals and USAA. 
Laurel 
Hills, 
94o4 
Ferngleh, 
494-o574. 

FOX RUN 
2 Elegant Homes 
• Country atmosphere 
• No city foxes 
• N E Schools 

• M in u te s fro m bases 

4-2-2 Spacious ond bright Doc­ tors home 
GIANT family room and garden kitchen. 
Patio covered, amenities everywhere 

16614 H U N T IN G VALLEY 

3-2-2 Custom built with everyth­ ing to delight discriminating buyer. Don t miss this one! 
6414 Nathan Hale 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
65 8-6 2 1 1 

OPEN SU N D A Y 
2 -5 PM 
WINDCREST 
7o 9 RICHFIELD 
Colonial 4 bedroom, 31/? boths, brick home in great location on cut de soc Split level, \ large living area, separate dining room, 2 master suites, many extras. 2,7oo sq. ft 
$81,9oo 
HOST: 
NANCY 
SOM­ 
MERVILLE. 655-o7o7 344-9831. 

■ S m 
C k h b y 
REALTOR 

* i f 

* 

* 

* 

♦ 
4 
TF 

* 

♦ 

OPEN SUNDAY 2:3o-4 
134 E. MISTLETOE 
Charm ing, spacious home now used as Duplex. Historical area. 
L a rg e lot. 
Good c o n d itio n . 
Reduced to 541,5oo. 

WARD REALTY 
696-1545 
O P E N SUN 2-5 

8o19 NEW WORLD 
I (Off Montgomery) 
{ CAMELOT ll - 3-2-2, spacious L- shaped living- dining room with fire p la c e , garden k itc h e n , covered patios. Close to Windsor 
Mall. $42,ooo. 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
OPEN 2:3o-5:3o 

P R IC E R E D U C E D 
IOO S. GARDEN VIEW 

Castle Hills. Flowered, bricked arbor entry to this lovely brick ( one story 4-3-2, exciting glass­ ed family room (EP). See this! 
I 

P R IC E R E D U C E D 
, 
251o DANBURY 

 i Two blocks north of loop 41o 
East. Completely redecorated in- j terior ond exterior. 3-2-2, livina- dining room (or large family | room) glossed to covered patio, tot 11oX2oo N E. Schools 
I 
826-2347 
REALTORS, 

OPEN 2-5 
228 W. HUISACHE 
MONTE VISTA beautifully restor­ ed 5 bedroom home 
412 RITTM AN RD. 
TERREII HULS - sparkling fresh and pretty. 3-2. 
146 BREEZE 
TERREII HGTS. - a great redo. 3-1- 

HARDY & CO., INC. 
REALTORS 
824-2486 

O PEN HOUSE 
BY O W N E R . M ed ical C enter a re a , S a tu rd a y and Sunday 
I-5P M . Beautiful 4 bedroom, 481o 
King Lours. 494-7452 
___ 

"Ty pp rrTAFjo ntv/ t 

O PEN HOUSE 

• 421 RITTMAN • 
PR IC E REDUCED! 
This won t last long! Immaculate 
3 bedroom home. Alamo Heights 
Schools. 341-7o57. 
W.f. LACKEY & ASSOC. 

OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY 2—5 
4oo2 SAWYER ROAD 
Enjoy 3o m ile view from your rock 3-2-2 located on o ve r 2 forested acres of hilltop. Massive rock fireplace, beamed ceilings, custom designed and built for owner, includes 7oo sq.ft. gamer- oom. Mid 4o’s. Call for directions. 
481-o44o. 
RED CARPET 
OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY 1—5 
157o4 BLUE CEK 
Custom built 5 bedroom house from ifs terrazo entry sunken living room through formal dining room and into gourmet kitchen, this home is designed for you with it s beautiful paneled family room with raised rock fireplace, perfect for entertaining, located in desir­ able Hidden Forest. 481-o44o. 
RED CARPET 
I 
OPEN HOUSE 1-4 SAT-SUN 
4o4 STOCKTON, 341-5o83 
OPEN HOUSE 

14823 WILLOW MOSS 
2-4 TODAY ONLY 
7-3-2 with fireplace, family room, I 
35X15 patio, and more! Come ond see for yourself. 434-2341, 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS___ 

OPEN 2-5PM 

56o3 DANNY KAYE 
WON T L A S T ! WON T LA ST! 
■ E veryone w ants a home on a corner This lovely and unique home with 3-2-2 bos so much more to otter! Excellent for living, out­ standing for entertaining, privacy yard has tots of trees. O wner transferred. 
Priced 
544,5oo. 
828-S47I. 
S trauder Nelson Realty 

OPEN I —4PM 

871o GOLDEN VIEW 
IN W IN D C R E S T O F F W IN - 
DROCK. Luxurious 4 bedroom, 3 bath home on large landscaped cul-de-sac lot. Cheerful kitchen in breakfast room viewing sw im ­ ming pool and large Saltillo tiled patio- formal and informal living areas Priced in 9o'» 824-o284. 

STEVE T. FINCH 

OPEN SONDAY M 

9622 BOUTWELL 
See this white brick and cedar in exclusive neighborhood 4 be- j drooms, 2 baths, den with fire ­ place, yummy kitchen, breakfast room, beautiful patio, and double 
'garage. 

Lillian Woolsev 735-6876 
O P E N S U N D A Y 2-5 
E L D O R A D O 3-2-2 

5o54 SIERRA MADRE 
824-o171 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS__________ 

IN TUZ E X P R E S S N E W S 
CALL 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

828-6391 A nytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors-NE Loop otc______ 
O P E N SUN 2 TO 5 

1191o BRIAR PATH 
IN T A N G LE W O O D 
349-4343 A nytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E ALTORS-Blanco Rd. Ofc 
O P E N SUN 2 TO 5:3o 

313o MEADOW CREEK 
IN FORREST GLEN 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, double garage on large corner lot All appliances stay, new mall will be lust around 
: the corner. 
734-4424 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Jefferson Ofc 
O P E N SUN 2 TO 5 

37o6 PRINCE GEORGE 
Custom 4 bedroom, 2% baths, with fireplace. $56,ooo. 
699-1ooo A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Turtle Creek Ofc 
OPEN 2 TILL 6 

13111 COUNTRY TRAIL 
In CO UN TR YSIDE. Executive 4 bedroom, 3 bath tri-level home. 
Large family room with fireplace, wet bar, ice-maker. Next to swim pool, tennis courts. 824-4571 

Nelson Cory, REALTORS 
OPEN 3 TIL 6 
3377 W WOODLAWN near St Marys Univeristv, 2 be droom, I bath, central heat and air, 523,ooo. 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
ELAINE LUDWIG K ASSOC 

 f O R THE FASTEST R E SU LTS 
O N A W A N T A D 
THE N U M 8 E R TO CALL 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

OPEN 1-6 
581o LAKE BLUFF 

 low equity, spacious home in 

 mint condition, come and see. 

Niles 656-4781 
DAY OR NITE 
6 55 -6 84 8 

OPEN HOUSE 
SAT. and SUN. 
T 2 -6 P.M. 
N e w Superb Hom es 
University Oaks 
M odel Home 
48o2 BUCKNELL 
CENTURY 2 1 

Trico, Realtors 
3 4 9 -6 4 9 1 

OPEN HOUSE 
SUNDAY 2 :3 o -6 P.M. w eather perm itting 
* NORTHWEST * 

6126 FOREST VIEW 
(PRICE R(OLKCD) 
4 2 -2 a n d fire p la c e ... 
LO W 4 o s 

6o1o DEER HORN 

3 -2 -2 , Ige fa m rm .. 
3 o s 

227 WOODLAKE 
(OAK HILLS) 

3 2 2 ... PRICE REDUC ED 

5o6 W. THORAIN 

3 1 1 ... $ 1 7 , o o o 

* NORTHEAST * 

38o3 BRIARHIU 

3 2 2 
L O W 3 o s 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

— 

OPEN 2-5 
158o2 TIMBER W AY 
Native stone 4-2-2. Fireploce, 2 liv­ ing areas, dining room, electric garage, storage bldg S48.5oo Nites 
656-6332 

656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

OPEN 2-5 
1o715 LANDS RON 

IN THE SUMMIT 

4-2-2, formal living ond dining, fireplaced den, covered patio. 
AH appliances stay 
$ 4 8 ,6 o o 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 

I C R E A T 
'A M E R IC A ! 
I REALTORS 

2o4 PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 

4 ACRES. Fireplace, 4 bedrooms 
Repairs needed. Priced to move. 
Please h u rry ! 
Sam 
W ord, 
Realtor, 1-663-2621, Devine, Texas 
BY O W N E R : 3-2, C e n tra l a ir- heat, living, dining, den, kitchen, attached addition used as beauty shop. (Could be gam e room ). 
Fenced yard with pecan trees. 
Jourdanton 769-3342 
Energy Saving Hom e in N.B 
Solar hot w ater, elite neighbor­ hood. All extras. Low utilities. 
$52,9oo. By builder, 1-625-o5o2 

HILL COUNTRY HOME 
18 acres, 29oo sq.ft. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireplace, 2 car garage, well, septic tank, near Blanco. 
Owner must sell and will carry, low interest rate. 
DORIS HUNSICKER 344-9936 

- RANCH LANDS - 
M E employer_ _ _ _ _ _ 
4 U N ITS Furnished M asonry. 
Good investment in good rental area. Income $4oo mo. 535,9oo. 
Call 824-o121 AN YTIM E 

R O S O W U L I N E 
REALTORS SO Years of TRUST 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

BLOSSOM PARK 
3 bedroom s, 2% baths w ith a lovely privacy patio. Double rear entry garage, large living area, well decorated. 535,7oo. 342-4-177, nites 492-1113. 
REALTY WORLD 
Bill Southern_______ 
By O w n er. 
N e a r 
F t. 
Sam. 
I 2-2'3-2-door opener. F P , copis, drapes, cov patio, yard. 543,5oo 
828-7279 
By ow ner, T e rre ll H ills town­ house. 3-3-2, autom atic garage opener, fireplace, large private c o u rty a rd , pool, ap p lia n c e s , draperies, and window shutters. 
552,9oo. 1166 Park G arraty, Car­ roty Rd. Show bv app t only. 
824-36o7. No agents. 
CHARMING 
3-2’ 7-2 in T errell Hills. Vaulted ceilings, patio, pool. Exquisite styling, small European complex. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 
FIRST TIM E ON M AR KET 

• LUXURY 4 BEDROOMS • plus quarters. This enticing one story is in p e rfe c t condition 
D ecorator's livin g and dining rooms. Chef’s complete kitchen. 
Skylighted family room with fire­ place opens to tiled patio and privacy landscaped grounds. 
826-2347. 

LOOK WHAT'S NEW W ITH US 

• NEWISH TOWNHOUSE# 
M ockingbird Pond. One floor, 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, living-dining rooms, FP, built-in kitchen. Clo­ sets galore. $29,9oo. 826-2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 
_____________________ 
I'M A F R A ID to w rite about the blessings, a fra id o w n er w ill decide not to sell. Large open liv­ ing area, vaulted ceilings, 3 be­ droom, 2 baths, good assumption on this 7°a loan. Low paym ent includes maintenance fee. 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
REALTORS 
684-o663 

IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY 
SO FT. $37,ooo 
531 mo maintenance fee includes outside and front yard mainten­ ance. S w im m in g pool. p a rty house, tennis court. Saunders & 
Trieschmann 824-2118, 684-9oo9, 
684-1557 
Personalized Designer Pattern 
JIH 

 mortem southwest re a lty 

OPEN 2:3o TO 5:3o 

6838 LEYLAND 
Near Windsor Park M all. 3-2-2, iarg e fam ily room plus super master bedroom. 
TLI PALO GRANDE 
3 bed ro om , 3 bath, b e a u tifu l grounds, swimming pool, horse stalls, see this on Sunday 1-5 
Century 2) 
W HITEH EA D-HO LID AY 
341-7115_____________REALTORS 

O P E N 2 TO S 

1o315 WILLOWICK 
REGENCY PLACE — Two story b rick home with 4 bedroom s, built-ins, custom drapes, gas grill 
I and many extras. Im m aculate home plus popular area means 
I this ottering won’t last long. In the j 5o’S. 

828-6391 A nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co j 
Reoltors-NE? Loop ofc______ 
Unique Round home for sale by owner. 3239 Woodcliffe, oft Cal 
I laghan neor IH IO. 3-2-2. Low 3o s 
; Open House Sun. 3-6. 492-1361 weekends and eves______________ 
WINDCREST 

5514 CROSSWIND 
OPEN 2:oo to 5:3o 
I 4 bedrooms, fam ily room with fireplace, plenty open space for out door living, All B rick! 
655-933o, 822-1223, 828-2316 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
1 
824-7334, Anytime 

7 o 2 5 1 

 k de B a re n tz e n 

2o7 WYANOKE 
OPEN 2—5 BEL M EAD E 
Stone's throw to Ft. Sam. This spacious sturdy, 2 bedroom , 2 bath home, with central heat and a ir. En orm o us liv in g , dining room, family room with fireplace, m aid ’s quarters, frees, lots of parking area. 
826-o6o6 
REALTORS 
826-3365 
SUE WEEMS & ASSOC. 

Patrick dt* Burentzen created this coat-dress for the 
Junior Petites. There are pockets set in the side front seams, fabrics: linen, denim, pique, lightweight wool. 
7o251 is cut only in Junior Petite Sizes 3-15. Size 7 requires approximately 2 3/8 yds. of 45’* fabric. To order: send pattern number, size, name, address and zip. Price *2.oo plus 2w postage. 
Bi-Centennial Issue of Spadea Hair Fashions by World famous Hu t -Stylists — over 75 current designs with information on huir cure and at-home styling, *1.25 postpaid. Make cheek payable to Spudeu. Send orders to this newspaper, c/o Spadea, 2 Bridge St.. Milford 
N .J. o8848. Dept. 

A L L O W FIVE TO SIX 
WEEKS FOR DELIVERY 

 tm m m iX P M S I - W 
E W 
^ ^ ^ M 
^ ■ l i X A S SIZE SAVINGS r n r n r n 

2 
U N I S $ 

I O 
D A Y S 

■ B B F 
# 

H O N C O M M E R C IA L ! 
C ANCILLA a U 
WITHOUT 
SAT! CH ANG! 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
Q U I C K 
R E 

 warn 
2o6 TNMtlSES 
21o HOUSES T 
O 
U 
S ! 
;m wniKR MBTHHSI 
2111 
H o l is t s W 
M T 
?1C 
Ho 3 S t S - a o R T H » S T t it - M 
W 
M S ! 

 l u x u r y - e a s y l i v i n g 
3 bedroom condo rn Mockingbird 
Pond 2 living areas fireplaces 
VERY, VERY HICE1 tall for app t to see 69o 93o? 
REALTY W ORLD 
LANDMARK REALTORS 

IN M IS S IO N T R A C E will! Oil i f s a m e n it ie s a n d s e c u r it y a m o st d e sire a b le one le v e l J b e d ro o m v illa . S p a c io u s a n d o p e n w ith vaulted c eilings fire p la ce rind wet bar 
L a r g e m a ste r suite. $59,ooo 
N ig h ts o9o-o384, o r 344 33*5 
349-4343 A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B ksnco R d Qfc 
L E IS U R E L IV IN G ! 
A con d om iniu m in T u rtle C re e k! 
S h o u ld b e ju s t r ig h t t o r y o u 1 
D e ligh tfu lly d e cora te d 3 -i' j w ith d ouble g a ra g e . H u g e liv in g a n d d in in g c o m b in a t io n , b u ilt in kltchn. M O R E ! 539,ooo 
LOTS OF RO O M 
2 s t o r y 
1 - 2 * j-2 , 
C O L O N I E S 
N O R T H A R E A F o r m a lliv m g a n d d in n in g ..^ rep la ced fa m ily ro om - 
.c o v e r e d b r ic k p a t io w it h fountain. E n trap g a lo re ! $41,SOO 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

 d 
- S f c ”QUunity 

T I T L E 

For Fast Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• 
H I T K . T H 
I M 
* 
* - < » u l I M I : \ M 
M 
M 
N 
K H 

► l o o ? M 
I ( M U * n o * 
7 2 IM * B 
L 
W i t H O V I ) 

• IT I*) F H K D K H H K S B ! Rf, H n \| > 

H e r r in g S u n A n t o n io S in c e IV 2 2 

MARYMONT TOWNHOME 
C h a r m in g 2-2’ 3, Sutton Pl. F i r e ­ p la c e , b r ic k t e r r a c e , w a s h e r dryer. E x q u is it e ! $47,ooo 
IV Y O A K P R O P E R T I E S , 451 *789 
M IS S IO N T R A C E 
7 b e d roo m *, fire p la ce , m u st se e toappreeiate A il the lu x u r y * of a good hie 544,ooo 494-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

ROLLING RIDGE 
2 Story carpeted, h a s 3 b ed roo m s, 
2 baths, den. L o c a te d n e a r pool a nd clubhouse. 3*9-4373 
H O M E O W N E R 
M A R K E T I N G 
S E R V IC E 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
3 b e d ro o m , V-> b a th , lu x u r y 2 sto ry Tow n ho u se - 2 c a r tim sh e d ga race. $4o,5oo. *84-o711, 684-8311, 
344 4397 

3-2 T o w nhouse, com pte! kitchen, c arp ort C oll after 6pm 49o 9155 

W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S 
I 
In-town Loc. Su p e r A m e n itie s j 
31o2 E i$ e n h o u e r 
824-43o1 j 

2o7 HISTORICAL 
GLOER HOMES 

MONTE VISTA 
S ta te ly b r ic k 5 b e d r o o m h om e , beautifully restore d. M a g n ific e n t m a h o g a n y a nd o ak w a lls in p a r ­ lour, livin g and d in in g ro om 
Im p re ssiv e m ill w ork a n d fire p la ce 
L o v e ly h a rd w o o d , m a rb le a n d 
S a tillo tile flo o rs. M a n y , m a n y extras. 824-2484 
H A R D Y & CO IN C 
_______ R E A L T O R S 

~ MONTE VISTA 
H IS T O R IC A L Z O N E 
C h a r m in g 2 sto ry hom e, a p p ro x 
32oo sa It, 4 b e d ro o m s, a n d 2 1 1 b a t h s , 4 f ir e p la c e s , b e a m e d c eiling in livin g ro om fo rm a l d in ­ ing. 2 cen tra l a lr-h e o t units, o a k flo o rs, upd ated e le ctric kitchen, su n room , b u tle rs p a n try , m a n y m o re a m en itie s p lu s upd ated two st o r y c a r r ia g e h o m e a n d s p r in ­ k le r sy ste m . $95,ooo. C a ll V I R ­ 
G IN IA S M IT H 734-3494, 344-23*1 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

HEY CHOUP 

L U X U R Y L IV IN G 

A L A M O H G T S , S C H O O L S 

ARCHfTfCTURAL MASTtRPIECI 

- Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE Enjoy complete privocy on an ope setting 
4-3h. 
Master suite opens to sunder. 
Glossed walls open lo beautiful courtyard with ntd pool 

TERREII H ills - 
Elegant 2 

 story brick for distinguished 

 living 
Enhanced by high 

 ceilings, handsome millwork, 

4 J, qtrs., 3-cor garage living 

 room with fireplace, formal 

 separate dining landscaped yard 9 hole putting green. 

TERREII H ills - Sophistical 

 ed living in the 3-3 in choice 

 location Living room with FP, 

 formal dining 
Family room 

 opens to garden rm cmd brick 

 terrace 2ox2o master suite. 

TERREII HULS - 
One of a 

 kind This stone home com 

 pletely renovated for luxury 

 living Dramatic 2-story living 

 room with massive fireplace 4 

4 ! ? plus qtrs Master suite up 

 with dual dressing ems., sitting 

 room 

TERREII HULS — Overlooking 

 noil course 2 story brick, 3-4 

 tadrms, 2 : baths, Hying room 

 with FP, formal dining, qtrs. 

COUNTRY LANE - luxurious 

Contemporary with 4-5 bed­ 

 rooms on over an acre. Offers 

 eccellence in design, extensive 

 use of gloss large pool with 

 space for tennis court 
4 

 fireplaces, guest house, qtrs. 

JONES-KING 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 <j 

2o3 APARTMENTS OUPLEKES 

24 -1 o o UNITS 
INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 

H E Y 
G R O U P 

I N C . 

• V a r io u s 

L o c a tio n s 

• Fle xib le 

T e rm s 

S T E R L IN G B U R K E 

R E A L T O R S 

82 4-63 5) 

77o1 Broadway 

FAMILY HOME 

Beautiful 3 bedroom. 2 baths with family room, brick traditional home w ith 'covered polio 2 cor gorage with fenced yard 
Quiet established neighborhood. Priced in the 3o s 

3 4 9 - 3 5 3 5 
3 4 9 - 5 1 1 1 

H U M E O W E N S C O 

 lo c k h ill'Se lm a Oft. 

W I Pi D c 'R t ST 
$67.SOO - S622 CLEAR DRIFT 
— lovely pool — 4 bedroom- — sprinkler system - dbl self-clean oven 
— counter cook top 
— covered patio 

$71,ooo — 317 W ESTW INo 
CIRCLE — convenient ond spa nous — 1oo% brick — 4 bed rooms — ? baths — easy living 

$71,9oo — 318 CRfSTWINO 
— Immaculate bedroom — for mal living — separate dining — large kitchen and breakfast area 
— (replace rn family room — huge master bedroom - private guest suite 

$76,25o — 6o9 MOORSIOE - all automatic filter system for beautiful free form swimming pool — sprinkler system — out­ door lights — garage doors — burglar system — 3 bedrooms — privocy fence 

$84,5oo - 
625 MOORSIOE - luxury living - 4ox2o pool with slide and board - gas BBD — 
• nvejed patio - 5 bedrooms — fireplace 
— ready for active family 

$9o,ooo 
— 
8714 
GOLDEN 
POINT w 
Contemporary and beautiful — 1oo% brick — 4 bedrooms - 3 baths — fireplace 
— wet bar — compactor — all carpet 

$1o6,ooo - 6222 HICKORY 
H O llO W — for the discriminat­ ing buyer — quality built — beautiful pool 
— professional landscaped 
— spacious 
4 bedroom — 2 baths. 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

DEANIt 
OWENS CO. 

NEW ON MARKET 

Duplex, Tri-plex, 4-plex, up to 

24 units. 
M A N Y 
TO 
CHOOSE 

FROM! 
Seguin-Son 
Antonio 

 areas- GOOD INVESTMENTS. TAX 

SHELTERS 

IBOB MCGINNIS 
I REALTORS! 
V 349-6211 

A 
D R E A M 
IN 
E L D O R A D O m ode! 3-2-2. L a n d s c a p e d to p er fe c tio n , e x t r a s t o r a g e , h o o b v lobby, w a te r softener, r e fr ig e r a ­ tor, and m u c h m o re ! *56-1234 
RED CARPET 

A H E A P O F L IV I N G can be y o u rs j in this sp a c io u s 2 sto ry h om e in countryside, ide al tor la rg e fa m ily j i and for e n te rtain in g w ith se p a ra te fo rm a l a re a s a n d heate d sw im m ing OOO! p lu s fa m ily ro om with fireplace. C all for m o re details. I 
I 654-6555. 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A Y N E F O G U S R E A L T Y 

A H S C H O O L S -T erre ll H ills. State­ ly 2 -sto rv b r ic k , 4 3 p lu s a i r s , ! 
3-car g a r, 
9-hole p u ttin g gre e n . 
J O N E S - K IN G 826 2439_____________ 
A L A M O H E IG H T S S C H O O L S 
Terrell Hills, sp a cio u s c o rn e r lot, lo v e ly la r g e h o m e , 4-3 p lu s a t­ tached q u a rte rs a nd bath, perfect fo r lo r g e f a m ily 
$1 29 ,o oo 
A. 
J O N E S R E A L T Y , 824-1o47. 
A L A M O H E I G H T S . P a t t e r s o n 
Ave. all b r ic k h o m e p o r t e d to rem odel. 2 b d rm , I bath, liv in g room , se p ara te d ining, b re a k fa st room , sm a ll fa m ily sitting ro o m area, gre at lot with pecan trees 
W E S T R E A L T Y . 656-4494. $59,5oo 
A L A M O H E I G H T S . B e a u t if u l r e e e n t lv r e m o d e le d h o m e , 3 b d tm s, c a rp e te d . 2 bath, liv in g ro o m w ith F P , se p a r a te d in in g room . F lo o r s re fin ish e d , c e n tra l heal and air, m a id 's q u a rte rs with bath. W E S T R E A L T Y . 656-4494. 
$$9,5oo. 

N e a r W i n d s o r 

P a r k M a l l 

Spacious 4 bedroom, 2 Itaib family rome 
Fireplace rn iom.iy room 
Bteokias! area Corner fenced lot and only 2 v e rs old 
$41,ooo. 
Niles, 655 2394 

W i n d s o r S q u a r e 

You my** lee this 3 bedroom I V> both home in area of young homeowner $ 
Patio and privacy tented vord $23,8oo Niles 656- 
6332 
G reenridge 

2 living area*, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths and met* breakfast area. 
Separate dining room 75% brick. 
$44,15o Nites, 656 758o 

N A Y L O R R E A L T Y 

C A L L E R Y O F H O M E S 

6 5 6 - 5 5 2 o 6 9 1 - 1 1 2 1 

3 4 1 - 9 1 9 1 

A -T -T -E -N -T -l-O -N 
W IS E IN V E S T O R S 
T h is 24 u n it Apt. C o m p le x n e a r 
Ft Sa m h a s just been red u ce d ! 
In c lu d e s f u r n i s h in g s , c o v e r e d n a rk in g , sw im m in g pool p lu s ad d it io n a l in c o m e f r o m la u n d r y focitities. A real b a rg a in ! *53-63*4 
RED CARPET 
D U P L E X off S o u t h P r e s a . owner. 515,ooo C all 435 4579. 
B y 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS ipa ciou s 3-2 with d e sira b le open sp a ce d b u ilt in k itc h e n a n d den a re a G la ss d o o rs to latio, m a n ­ ic u re d la w n a n d g a r d e n M a n y extra s for m id 4o’S. 824-o284 
STEVE T. FINCH 
A L A M O H G T S B v ow ner, 3 la rge b ed room s, n e w c a rp e tin g . 2 tile b a t h s, m o d e r n k it c h e n w it h b reakfast area. H a rd w o o d flo o rs a n d f ir e p la c e in I i v in g - d m in g a rea, C e n tra ! a ir, la r g e g o ra g e , 
$57,oo8, 824 3 o IL 
_ 

A SWIMMINGLY GOOD IDEA 
C he ck this h ou se out a n d you w ill fin d a n o u t s t a n d in g h o m e in a gre at a re a with a sw im m in g pool 
2o28 sq.ft., 4 b ed room , 2 % boths, c a rp e tin g , d ra p e s, w e the r, fire p la c e in f o m il v r o o m 
O n l y 
$58 5oo N ile s 455-5*93. 
C e n t u r y 21 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T I M E ________ 
A V A I L A B L E after June I O w n e r 
B ro k e r ’s 3 b ed roo m , 2 b ath h om e at 86o6 C h a rro. L a r g e room s. 3o 
It. den kitchen. Quiet. Tree s. N . E . s c h o o ls L o v e ly n e ig h b o r h o o d 
Reasonable, firm p ric e of $47,5oo 
824-1275 o r 824-8o19 _______________ 

Available How! 
L a r g e 4 b ed room , I ’/a bath h om e situ a te d on a u ie t c u l-d e -s a c in 
Cam elot ll. F u lly carpeted, 2 liv ­ ing a re a s with fire p la ce in fa m ily room N E Sc h o o ls . F o r v ie w in g calf *54-1844 A N Y T I M E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

B A R B I N H U N T IN G ? $275 is ail it takes to get into this 3 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith a ir, a p p lia n c e s a n d carpet. D o n 't p a s s it up! 696-o974 
F o rtu n a A sso cia te s, *96-1412 

PRE OWNED HOMES 

S E E T H E S E 
AND OVER 
9oo OTHER 
PREOWNED 
NORTHEAST 
HOMES IN 

S a n A n t o n i o 's 

F a s t e s t G r o w i n g 

A r e a 

 lik e NEW 
6 5 7 -1 1 6 4 

It , « h as spurn) 3 2 with finished 
I gome room OFF It living comr pi 

I Master bedroom, 
18x1o, 

Idolthouse. $27,99o 
Rites 
C H A R M IN G HOME 

| 3-2-2, Volley Farge home low 

 equity, nice town, paneled 

[garage, quick possession, tm • 

! inoculate 
SSI SOO tides 822 

9438 

STOVE-REFR IG. STAY 

3-1V? I, mony nice trees, well 

 i maintained, large pantry, priced 

IO sell ‘ 27 9oo filles 87$ 7663 

PARK UKE YARD 
NEEDS POOL 

3 2 2 in a park like yard, lorge 

 enough for olympic site pool, 

 vegetable garden, or flowers, 

 bosket weave fence 
Automatic 

 gorage door opener 
Sparkling 

 clean and neat 
$38,25o 
Noes 

824 9818 

SPARKLING HOME 
FOR ENTERTAINING 

Walk to alem school, ond pool 

 from this super immaculate 

 home 
KING sized master 

 bedroom suite! Call to see this better than NEW DESIGN III home 

 with oversited covered patio, in­ 

 tercom, Terraco entry, and FREE- 

 standing fireplace $47,5oo Niles 

826-7668 or 657 1164 
PACKED WITH 
OW NERS EXTRAS 
Don t miss looking at this one1 

Privacy fenced 3-2-2 with fireplace 

 in beautiful, established neighborhood 
A-F Rating" so 

 don't pass up! $36,6oo, Nites 494 

2191 
SPACIOUS A N D LIKE 
NEW HOME 

This practically new 3-2 2 is locat­ 

 ed on a quiet street in a lovely 

 new neighborhood. Many extras 

 were included in original 

 purchase, privocy fantod, nice 

 lawn and oak trees. Assume FHA 

 ar new loan. Sell or will consider 

 second lien 
Immediate oc­ 

 cupancy 
$38,25o*. Niles 
656- 

8218 
S W IM M IN G POOL 

On a quiet cul-de-sac. 3-2 2 with 

 well manicured town and quaint 

 architectural style Privocy fence 

Covered patio Refrigerator with 

 icemoket and all drapes stay 

Pool overlooks large open field. 

$32,95o. Nites 822 9438 
W HAT AGREAT 
BEGINNER HOME 

Picture perfect 
3-1V? -1, 
OPEN 

AREA concept with vaulted 

 tailings 
Corner lot, sprinkler 

 system, superb landscaping, freshly painted, open terms. 

$25,5oo Nites 657 l l 6A 
ALL DRAPES STAY 

Tennessee Plan. High cathedral 

 ceilings lends spaciousness to this 

 lovely 3-2-2, located in a quiet 

 cul-de-sac 
Beautifully main­ 

 tained Patio 27o sq ft You will 

 foil in love with this home. 

$39,ooo. Nites 656 4781 
ALL DRAPES STAY 
TENNESSE PLAN 

High cathedral ceiling lends 

 spaciousness to this lovely* 3-2-2, 

 located in a quiet cal de-soc. 

Beautifully maintained. Patio 27o 

 sq. ft. You will fall in love with 

 this home. S39.ooo. Nites 656 

9818 

STATELY STYLE 

Assume low equity on this extra 

 clean, 4 2 2 English styled home 

Has everything 
Must see now! 

$4o,4oo. Nites 494 2191 

D A Y O R NITE t-6 3 4 8 

B Y O W N E R S 

NORTHEAST 

784) VILLAGE OAK - Spacious 
4 2-2 with a $4,53o equity ta assume an 8VY per cent VA note at $3o5 pet mo has 2 lovely-iiv mg areas cowled patio, and convenient to lases large lot' 
$35,5oo 656 274? 34? 9393 
OAK H O U O W IST ATES 
2(534 
OAK VISTA 
Bull? by Sitiede! 
Very light unci spacious' This 4 
? 2 has a 19 
»25 living area. fireplace 
Alpine ceilings separate dining and Churchill Hs lo* your children* Price, $56,9oo 
342 9393 
6 6oo IA K ! CUFF • Immaculate1 
Custom drapes for chis 3 2 2 in 
Woodlake that is surrounded by professional looking iusn landscaping you ll love on quiet cu! de soc lot! 3 separate living areas1 $38,9oo 661 7562, 342 
9393 
82o6 CAMPOBELLO 
Charming 
3 bedroom with club bath has livtng dining combination 
’amay room. large breakfast area ond 16x17 patio Custom built home in excellent con­ dition and location 
$2o,5oo 
347 9393 
LICENSED BROKERS 

ATTENTION; FIRST SHOW ING 

C O U N T R Y 

A T M O S P H E R E 

IN O L M O S P A R K 

Ona nMei 

I 

3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 

S i ' s a n a n t o n b l 

H 
; h o m e o w n e r s 

A a s s o c i a t i o n 
I 

SECLUDED SPOT— Pretty lo* country kitchen • 2 fireplaces 
3 
7'"? + playroom, 828 1962, 733 , 
8946 

FIEGANT 
LIVING — Benutifully designed home in Terrell Hills 
— Magnificent treed lot - pretty 1 pool areu. cabana, greenhouse and qtrs 
5 3 
826 3349 W 
1291 
o1M A N D 
LOCATION— Quality construction, 
2 story rock in 
Olmos Pork large corner lot, lovely interior detail Pool qts 3- 
Vh 733-8946, 828-1962 
OPEN 
AND 
AIRY— California style Contemporary 
Pretty las 
Patios landscaped yard with deck 
'luge living arens 
Gourmet's delight kitchen 826 56oo, 826 
3349 
MONTE 
VISTA 
CHARM ER— 
Stately 7 story frame Spacious rooms • 2 fireplaces in living room - I fireplace in dining room, lovely mill work 4-3. 732-1291, 
8745279 
MOST 
UNUSUAL— Terrell Hills type home Ballroom site living dining room 3 or 4 bedlamite, 2 baths 826-3738 826 3349 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
Realtor 
82 6-86 73 Anytim e I 

Amens towering trees, en sprinkler*)} 
' ■ acre with sparkling p o l and spate (or north scum tennis courts 
Totally charming end decor et 
«d rn exquisite taste 
Most hospitable 4o den wet-bm 
Comfortable family living and formal t nt, Coining m this 4 bedroom 
IVY both plus quartets. See this today! 

ENGLISH DESIGN 
Estate Grounds Antient trees 
Now -A rlassititilv beautiful I story Tudor on a fabulous treed sere 
5-3’ >-2, gameraom 
3 firepkicet TENNIS (OUR! Cen teal heat, air AH Sc boob 

QUALITY-CLASS 

THE IN LOCATION 

AH Schools large rooms in this charm lilied two story 5-4 J, quarters 
Huge family room, fireplace. w e tW Chef's dftrqm kitchen 
Owners thought pf everything- 

8 2 6 - 2 3 4 7 
R E A L T O R S 

S a n A n t o n i o £ X P R E S S » N E W 
$ — 
S u n d a y M a y 2 2 
I 9 71 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES MOBTHfcAST 
21o M E W — 
T O U T 

Page I I D ; 

?1o H E I NftlltiT 

L U X U R I O U S 

W O O D S T O N E 

F U R N I S H E D M O D E L S j 

5 % D O W N 

C O N V EN T IO N A L 

$1 D O W N V A 

AU HOMES FEATURE: 

 ie* 1oo% 8nck lonsirutnun \S , 

HandcroHed 
Woodburning 

 fireplace u-' Energy \S Saving 

Package u " Carpet s '" Central 

 heat air 
Deluxe Magic Chef all 

Electric Kitchen is 2 Car Garage I 

A F E W H O M E S LEFT A T 
’ 

$ 2 7 , 4 5 o to $ 3 2 , 9 5 o 

C A L L 
I 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

[ U S - H o m e 

 le p vitt It RUF product 
W INDCREST 
N ew Listings 

$69,95o 
4 Bedrooms ond 3 baths. Quality and immacu­ late. Includes sprinkler sys­ tem, nice landscaping and curbed privocy fence. 5 Yrs. old. 655 o7o7. 655-8828. 

$ 7 3 , 5 o o 
4 Bedrooms and 
Vh baths 
Quality custom built with a large side entry garage. RV pad with sewage hookup Big yard, great fur pool ond gazebo 655-o7o7, 
555 8828 

$75,ooo • 3 Bedroom, 2 bath in excellent location on cul- de-sac cornel lot. Oversized side entry garage. Custom de sign gives it individuality. 
655-o7o7, 655 8828 

(frock Ashby A,olio, 

 onus tuna nom not* pun 

With t««rr hor"* •bl'* 

N I A ’ 
N 
C L E A N 
— 
3 I 

 b e d ro o m , 
2 b o th with I h iiin iy ro o m 
Pretty y a rd I 

 with p r iv a c y ferret? lo w I 

3 o s j 

349-3535 
349-5111 a m t aw m ce 

 lockhitl/Selm a Oft. 

FOREST O A K S - REDUCED 
1 
(trek heme with fiteplace1 4 large bedrooms, 2 decontrol bathrooms huge combination dining living room, f»trg*‘ family room hretrklnst 
(veil iud brit tBthedm! (Pilings 
MIK HO Saltillo itlc* Bauble grunge fenced patio tines IGW 4 o VETS 
NOTHING DORN 

BOB MCGINNIS 
' REALTORS 

 l 349-6211 

 f - r m r 

R E A L T Y W 
O R L D 
I O X W R Y T H O U S A N D 
O A K S H O M E 
4 bedroom* I hath*, ever 24o(1 
*q ft af luxurious ronfemporaty hem* tall now to see tim 
CF AU TTI 6*o 95o? 
REALTY W ORLD 
V l A N Q M A R K R E A L T O R S J 

 e 
W 
H Y L I S T 
C 

^ 
Y O U R H O M E 
J 

F O R 9 o D 
A 
Y S ? ? ? $ 
Sal mo m alta yaw a cath a (Car lo p dollar paid for r 

 u n h e m - or wqulcy anti twill p ay aft tletm ii ca­ ys am i (-Mltlanf 
- a r - ira 
Yo ur M o n e y on 
Ti»l« C hark! ere-Si or and 
<ir«o?n*v teary- paid! 

C 
A 
D 
C 
349-4531 j . H 
. K . C . ? 4 Hours 

£T L 

$ 

$ 

£ 

£ $ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 

EXCELLENT LIVING 

J U S T L IS T E D 
32oo va it et a v in e area, tn thro 
•root tau- 3 bedroom , I both, n on e 

 se c thro lovely 3 b ed roo m . 3 both J " " * * w ith fin is h e d g a r a g e covered 
17j f ^u_FomHV pneio, fe nced a n d m a n v e x tr a * 
■'pen term * M IT E S e ss J J M 
O II *63* 
U t A U T O R * 
M C S 

TRADE IN 

 y o u r o ld houser for a 

 new all brick h o m e 
E A SY TO D O : 

Y o u pick o n e o f o u r n e w 

 h o m e * a n d w e fa k e y o u r 

 o ld h o u se rn trad e 
N o 

 both er, n o double) 

 p aym en ts. 

C a ll t o d a y o n h o w to 

 trad e in yo u r o ld h o u se 

 o n a n e w all brick h om e . 
65 9-o471 

5514 CROSSWIND 
C all for details or ae b v this love ly h om e today O pen fro m 2 OO Til 
5 JC *$$-*33o 

NORTH LOOP INC. 

4 J J, E x e c u t iv e h u m to $48(1 
E x p r e ss b o x 2»2 t ____________ 

F A M I L Y S P E C I A L 
B lo y a rd ! 4 t e d r o o m s ' J B a th *! f tuftily 
R o o m I 
N m t h e n s ! 
School*.' L e * * Ilion $4o,ooo! in Et 
D e i lid o ' 824-o1 /1 
RES CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

 f 5 r s a L I 6 V itu T F J F i 
5 Bedroom , 2 both, tar ae den with fireplace, heut-air. fully cam e le d , e qu ip p ed k itc h e n 
F e n ce d , tru ll t r e e s 
A la m o H a t * 
S c h o o l* . 
$3o,ooo 344-o483 aft c 

 f 6 D S A L E o r R I: N T 
Fo x R u n 
4 2 2, 1**2 sn ti fire p lace , pool, cove red patio, *$$-2*$l. 

GARDEN HOHF 
In W IN D C R E S T , oil brick, la m e kitchen a n d c a lin a a re a , fa m ily a re a H iah $4o *. 
*$$•$131 a n ytim e 
R E A L T O R S 
V IR G I N I A C R R V [ N K A 

 room with fire p la ce W ater well. J I c riiiao e s rented, a ll *ltu a te d on I 
* 23 a cre s, W ith m a n y o ak and pecan tree * 
C E N T U R Y 

2 
1 
6 $3-8 H I b III P a r k in * R I ry e s* w a 

IMMACULATE 

A ll b n rh 
3 b e d ro o m 

 h om u , 
Ini y e livtng >oom , 

 se p a ra te fa m ily ro a m 
G reat neighborhood la w 

3 4 9 - 5 1 1 1 
3 4 9 3 5 3 5 rn Arn aw m co 
N oith Centro! O h. 

U'».4 r I 4A m!!L w .V 
KEY GROUP 

8215 UTTKPORT 
This jewel Sets in Camelot ond has 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, with family and fireplace, dining room and new shag carpet thruout $38,5oo 
Coll us for details 828-57o4 

4 5 ID DIA M O N D H EA D 
$24,5oo can purchase this home in 
E Terrell Hills, central air and heat in this 3 bedroom, 2 bath ond large kitchen (ail us to see this ane 
o28 57o4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 
81 o7 B roadw ay 

B Y O V th lER , N E , 3 2. la rg e m a s idee 

N EW H O M ES IN 
NORTHW EST 
SA N A N T O N IO 
C O M IN G S O O N 

A n o t h e r F in e 
R AY ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

 ter b drm , all recen tly redecorat- ed, $27,ooo 6SS-319*._______________ 
B y o w n e r , 3-1-T, N E S c h o o ls , cove red patio, end of cul-d e-sac . 
L o t* af trees, e xtra la rg e fenced b a c k y a rd . T e rm * open. 342-*723. 
B Y 
O W N E R , 
N O R T H E R N 
H IL L S , 3-2-2, F ire p la c e , A s s u m e 
7 % or 
R e fin an ce 
C onv. 
C all 
*$*-o17$. 
____________ 

B Y O W N E R . N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
$33,$oo. M U S T S E L L 
3 7-2, C A T H E D R E L C E IL IN G S , 
C A R P E T E D , F E N C E D A SS-B ill 

B Y O W N E R - N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
3-2-2, a ll b r ic k , Iv-d n , den, f ir e ­ place, utility ro om , p atio co v e r, fence. L o w 4o's. *$ * 23S2 
B y O w n e r-^ o rth w o o d B ric k 3-2-2, a ss o r conv. *24-5617, 824-1812 aft 
7 P M 
B y ow ner- N o r t h s la r M a ll a re a, 
3-2' 2-2, 2 sto ry , p oo l a n d patio. 
$4v,5oo firm . 413-711o far appt. 

 f 
A L A M O H G T S S C H O O ™ 
TERREII HULS 
3 2, plus den, lovely hardwood floors, freshly painted inside and out-move in low 4o s. 
NORTHRIDGE 
3-11/?-2, con­ venient to all schools, shopping centers and bus. Mu! 3o s. 
A IA M Q HGTS 
Charming Medit- terean home, ceiling fans in large garden room Mid 5o's. 
TERREII HGTS 
3 I Adrent on* to redo* Mid 2o s 

H A R D Y I C O R E A L T O R S 
824-2486 .24-3925 715-o35.^ 

824-7334, A n y tim e c u R i o u i i W k I l L ! 6 
T H E C A T 
So instead of w o n d e rin g a b o u t this 
3 B R , I ' I bath h o m e n e a r W in d so r 
P o rk M ail, let m e show if to you! 
C ustom d rap es, sm o k e a la i rn and soft n ew c a r n e t t h r u o u i 
P lu s 
M o r e 1 Sp a rk lin g clean. M id 2o'*. 
6S3 *3*4 
RED CARPET 

C U TE AN D S H A R P 
P r id e o l o w n e r s h ip c e r t a m l v sh o w s in sid e a n d out 
P r ic e d a l 
*23,95o. E A S Y T E R M S 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________ R E A L T O R S 
___ _ 

Delightful Regency Place 
M a s a * 2-story b ric k borne w ith 4 b e d r o o m s , b u i lt - in * , c u s t o m d ra p e s, e o s a ril! a n d m a n v ex i r a * . Im m a c u la t e h o m e p lu s p op u la r a re a m e a n s this offen nfl w on t last long. In the $o'*. 

o2 8-63 91 A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R e o lto rs-N E L o o p ofc 
3-2-DEW. 829,9oo 
S p a r k lin g , welt kep t, heat, a ir, range, sh a d y fenced lot. W a lk to 
M a c A rth u r High. C all now. 
7 3 2 -7 *6 7 ST E V E M A R T I N 73S-o82S 

JUST PUSH A BUTTON to opi-n rout d ouble u p r o a r and 
(snti'i into a c usto m d ra p e d .1 bn cli nom, 7 b oth h om e siltin g un a quiet cut de s a c 
I la r g e liu in u area, of a su p e r deal 
6 S 6 -3 o o o A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R F A L T O W S -F e r r in B e d e l O H 

K I R S Y. T X O w n e i set selti lAfe a re se lling below the V A a p p ra i­ sa l N ic e 3 b e d ro o m , ( l l b a lm , ce n tra l h e a l a ir, la m e attached gar urn 
E q u ity, a ssu m e $14# mo 
1% in t e r e s t or r e f in a n c e V A , n o t h in g d o w n . $7 2,6oo o r b e st often N o o ffers refuted. M u st sell os soon a s p ossible. O ther br okei * w e lc o m e to se ll t h is p ro p e rt y . 
C H A R L E S W A r i $ R E A L V. $• 
T A T E . 732 2*1$, 732 $3$$__________ 

L iv e O a k, 4-1-2, c o r n o r lot, fire ­ place. near school. 
7“»V A, 
*$$•*524 
_________ __________ _ lo o k in g tor a b a r g a in * L o v e ly , 
J IN , c a rp e te d , c e n tra l a ir ond heal w a lk lo thre e sc h o o ls and 

KIRIK ON MARKET 
E n te rtain in g b u y in g a new h orn e t 
H e r e ’s a lo v e ly la m e l l w>th a i i o i e n t e r t a in in g O m a * 
E n chanted F o re st P ric e d In the 4o’S 
872 HO I e ves 87H 41oo 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

 n 6"'6 o w n i i "T O v o n r T T T T - cm net, d is h w a s h e r. 
$24$ mo. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
4*4 7 f» l 

G O V I H & M E S N o b o w n A n co n e 
Is l pm ! in J u ly ! N o rth sid u 
A re a s! L e s s than re n tin g nice 
Apl or hom e! C all to se e now ! 
344 SSM H a rt M c C o r m ic k 344-1*93 | equity *$$-$3o7 

M 
I M n j 
I L O V E L Y 
T R I L E V l l 

T h is 3 b ed roo m h o m e with liv in g and fam ily lo o m located n e a r M E elem entary sch oo l in oood neigh barhood 
P rjc o d af 
$24,SOO. 
824m /1 

NO HUSTLE OR BUSTLE 
I a ls of se* unity, is this } b ed roo m , 
I bath, p ra c tica lly n ew In the auiet city of sch er I*. 
824-2391 (Anytime) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L I O R S A u stin H w y O H 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L S 
4 2-2, v o l v n e u i F I 
S a m , r o s y a c c e ss to R a n d o lp h gre at fa m ily h om e $18,ooo 
4134 M o d e n a 
A 
J O N E S R E A L T Y , 824 IO*/ 
___ 

NORTHERN HILLS 
W iPdosr M a ll O n ly $23,6oo L a rg e 
B lfl s p a n i s h I s l o r v 4 J I. 
•faulty *$$-SJQ7 j poller v d rea m . A v a ila b le tod a y! 
L O V E L Y 
T R ! L E V E I n e a r 
H olm es H igh. 3-2* > 2 O pen livin g a re a w ith fire p la c e , tm m a l din mg. C oll for fu rth e r details. 
Tower View loc. 732 6157 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
G R A C IO U S C O L O N I A L 
L o v e ly *-2 2 w ith la m e t re e d ya rd ! F o r m a l liv in g a n d d in in g den with fire p la c e a n d cu sto m b o o ksh e lv e s all e le ctric kitch e n with b re a kfa st a re a. C o v e re d na ho for outd oor e ntertaining. 
$74,ooo 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O 
R S 

GREAT FAMILY HOME 
O u t s t a n d in g h o m e in 
R E D 
H O R S E M A N O R with 4 b e d ro o m s 
, p lu s s it t in g r o o m u p s t a i r s o r 
! w h a te v e r 
B e a u t if u l b a c k y a r d 
; w ith r u n n in g w a t e r f a ll a m o n g 
O ak trees. A s s u m e o r finance. 
$62,5oo 
658-3535 Anytime 

MACARTHUR TERRACE 
YOU ll D A N C E : w hen you sec this h o m e on B a lle r in a C li Content u o ro rv d e sig n , 22oo sn It., 4 be droom , 2 both, J car g a ia a e , tire place, sp a c io u s liv in g ro o m with d ra m a tic 18 c a t h e d ra ! c elling, punt-led fa m ily m o m , p ro fe ssio n a lly la n d sc a p e d , c o v e t rod patio, w alk to M a c A r t h u r H ig h Scho o l a n d 
R e g e n c y 
E le m e n t a r y . 
$64 ooo, ow ner *53 4o71 

 mumm 
I ake y o u r choice Hi of. decor ated 
I 3-7 7 with pool or a b eautiful 4 I I 
Io n a a u lo i c u l-d e sa c 
W ill i o n sider lo o sin g the 
4-7 2 
B u lle r h u r r y l 
UVE OAK VILLAGE 
B a r g a i n h u n t in g / W e h a v # t h om e s to choose from : O ne 3 i i a nd a 4 2-2 C all to d o v l 

M Z W m 5 N T T i R S f S M 
I H T 
IN O ! L u x u r y T o w n h o u se with 2 
: la r g e b e d r o o m s , J d e c u r a t o r 
I baths, p o w d e r room . F o r m a l bv la g or s t u d y w ith h ig h slo p e d celling, m a x im u m p r iv a c y L a rg e se p arate fa m ily ro om w ith a ccess to gol d en patio C o u n try kitchen, lo a d s of c a b in e t * 
S p a r k l i n g clean! 
$$*,ooo. 
824 o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a r s of T R U S T 

DE8tREABLE locatidn 
Beanie Owens Co 
J S R R S P J W K 

Bargain Hunters Special 
N o dow n p ay m e n t to a nyo n e, 3-4 b edroom s, 2 baths, so m e with a ir and ah a pp lia nces. P a v m o n ts le ss then rent 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

B E A U T I F U L 3 "2 -2 , r u c k f i r e ­ place. Se pa rate d in in g a nd h y in g room s. R e a d y to m o ve into in to 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o7S5 til 8 pm 

Beautiful 2 sto ry tow nh om e near 
W in d s o r P M , $2,8oo e q u it y o r lease w-option to b u y 657-1824 

F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
3 B E D R O O M - ! B A T H S 
2 B E D R O O M 5 - 2 B A T H S 
N E Scho o ls O w n e rs o ccu p ie d 
3 Y e a rs O ld 
$87,5oo 
F R A N C E S L E V E N S O N 
225-2398 
A N Y T I M E 
732-4*51 
J u n e ’ ls t 
2 b e d r o o m d u p le x , c o rn e r A le x a n d e r H a m ilto n a n d 
Z o ch rv. Le a se $145 m o 433-4539. 

JUST LISTED 
L o v e l y d u p le x 
(2 b e d r o o m s each), in p re fe rre d are a. Ju st oft 
B ro a d w a y A la m o H g ts S c h o o ls. 
E xce llen t rental. C all fo r details. 
$38,9oo. 344-8348 
G r a c e A rn o ld 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 

MONTE VISTA 
A t tr a c t iv e d u p le x n e a r T r in it y 
U n iv . 2 b e d ro o m , I b ath, liv in g ro o m , d in in g r o o m e a c h u n it. 
Se parate m eter*. $34,5oo 
M O N T E V IS T A R E A L T Y 
735-o485 R E A L T O R S - M L S 822 oo75 

N E E D S H E L T E R E D I N C O M E ’ 
F u r n is h e d 4 u n it a n t n e a r Ft. 
S a m , O v e r OOO sq.ft., s e p a r a te m eters, c urren t Inco m e $415 p er m o Ottered al $26,5oo 826-6388. 
REALTY WORLD 
R E A V I S R E A L T Y 
N o r t h s i d e , p e r m a n e n t con structio n, I a nd 2 b e d ro o m s. 
N e a r sch oo ls and bus. Su itab le for hom e also. 626-13o$________________ 

ALAMO HGTS. 
B r a s s la n t e r n * in v ite y o u into c h a rm in g 2-1 hom e, new c a rp e t c ove rs lovely h m sc fite p laced liv ­ ing and d in in g room . C o u n try kit­ chen sp o rts a shuttered b oy w in ­ d o w e a t in g a r e a . G l a s s e d in lau nd ry room o v e rlo o k s co ve re d patio and fe nced b a c k y a rd 
B y owner, $37,9oo 535 A rg o 824-o*88 
N o agents. 
Sh ow n appointm ent._______________ 

3 8ED8MS S23.9oo 
I ’j b ath*, b ig trees, w alk to N E schools, sh o p p in g center 
828 o665 
736-1/6* 
65S-V382 
W A T S O N ti SO N , R e a lto rs 
4 B E D R O O M B l: A U T Y 

ALAMO HOTS. SCHOOLS 

A r o o m y d e n w it h f ir e p la c e se p a ra te s the 4 b e d ro o m arid 2 baths, fro m the fo rm al d in in g a nd b y 1 liv in g a re a s , s c r e e n e d F lo r id a ro om fo r p la n t s a n d a d d it io n a l recreational area. 
$$4,5oo. 
656-7717 

B U Y A N IS L A N D . ..In the buitt-in kitchen of this 3 b ed room , 2 bath h o m e ! H u g e , o p e n liv in g a r e a with fireplace c o u rty a rd and p a ­ tio! G o rg e o u s ya rd ! 
O P E N T IL E P M M O N - F R I 
$48,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
653 7341 
Guy Clyman Co 

BY OWNER 
B e a u tifu l In te rio r, M u s t Se e T o 
A p p re cia te W a le r So ffne r, inter- com e, Fire p lac e , 4 b e d ro o m s, e x­ tra v e ry unique, a p p ro x . 24oo sa. ft. $55,9oo 658-4o86 
B Y O W N E R , beautifully co re d for hom e, 4-2-2, la rg e p a n e le d fa m i­ ly - liv in g ro o m , w ith f ir e p la c e , carpeted, scre e n e d patio, w a lk in g dis) to school. M a n y e xtra s. Con v e n ie n t to R A F B . F t 
S a m , 
(L iv e O a k). $4o,5oo $7,4oo E qu ity, 
653-37*4. 
B Y O W N E R , 3-2-2, I b lk of Hi 
Scho o l. F ire p la c e , h u g e fa m ily - li v in g r o o m w it h c a t h e d r a l ceding. $37,9oo, conv, o r a ssu m e 
$293 p er m o .+ e q u ity 656-U 69 
B Y Q W S lE R C am e lo t ll L ik e new 
3-2-, tar ge h re p la ce d den, carp ets, b u ilt-in s, fe n c e d 
M a n y e x t r a * 
$38,ooo 
$3,ooo d o w n , $ 3 3 * m o. 
1-336-2442, Boerne, T x 

8 unit apartm ent. 22o P I C K N E Y . 
C vn e r-w ill trade 
684-42)1 P I O N E E R R E A L T Y . 
36 unit"aoi com plex in bes! section of g ro w in g U vald e, Tx. 
STEWART REALTY 
349-6481.3491646 
12 U N IT A P T . H O U S E 
U n f in robed o n I a cre of gro un d . B est r e a s o n a b le o tte r o c c u p ie d . 2 4 * 
R iv e rsid e D rive. *27-571$._________ 

4 Bedroom , 2 bath, all b rick, p a r ­ q u e t f lo o r s , w e ll la n d s c a p e d , priced in m id $4o’s, IBIO E d ge h ill, drive bv then call y o u r agent. 

(LAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 
L u x u r y h o m e in e v e r p o p u la r 
T e r r e ll H i ll s . I n l o r m o l , v e t g r a c io u s l i v in g 
H e a te d p o o l, cabano, la n d sca p e d te rra c e Th e open a irin e ss b r in g s the o utsid e in s id e 
S h o w n b v a d v a n c e a p ­ pointm ent only. 

8 2 8-63 91 A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R e o lto rs N E Loo p ofc 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
Special Stucco in O lm o s P a rk , 2 2, a uo rte rs a nd all the e xtras. 
824-4571 liaison Cory, REAtTDRS 
A L A M O H G T S S C H O O L S 
N eat 3 b ed roo m , c a rp o rt R e f in ­ ance o r b u y equity. A ss u m e $1o5 mo. 
R O Y A L C R O W N 
533-9131 
924-5567 

B y ow ner, C am e lo t ti, 3-2-1, c a r ­ p e l, d r a p e s , p r i v o c y f e n c e d , 
IO X 2o, p a tio c o v e r, la n d s c a p e d yard, nu agents, $25,8oo. 656-1562 

B Y O W N E R , C a m e lo t ll, 3 ? I, e q u it y , a s s u m e 7 % V A . $27o month. *54-1423. 
B v o w n e r, 3-1-1, c e n t a ir-h e o t, 
$17,6oo. $4ooo e q u it y , a s s u m e bv m is $142 *$8 1198. se e at H O 

C e n t u r y 21 
J a m e s G la sc o c k BT A sso c 

5 BEDROOMS 
2 story h om e in Et D o ra d o 5-3-2 w ith f o r m a l liv in g a n d d in in g room s, den with stone fireplace, I M icnelle, C o n v e rse 

B Y O W N k 'l T D re a m b e d ro o m , 2 b oth , a p p r o x . 2ooo sa .ft. L a r g e patio , m o n y tre e s. 
$37,ooo B v appt o n ly 344 468o 

B y Ow ner,' E l Dot ade, 4 2 £ ’ for- m at liv in g a n d d in in g , d en w ith fireplace? a p p ro x 2ooo sa t. 7**% 
V A . 656-6833 

A L A M O H G T S S C H O O L S 
W a lk to a il 3 s c h o o ls t r a m 
M e a d o w o o d . 4 2 a n d q u a r t e r * . 
Firep lace in fa m ily ro om 824-4S7! nelson Cor)'. REALTORS 

A L L B R IC K , 3 2-2, la rg e ro o m s, b u ilt-in s, A la m o H g t s sc h o o l*. 
R e d u c e d to $47,9oo. C oll now 
I N T E R S T A T E 828-o/55 til 8 pm 
4 U N IT S 
I B e d r o o m a p t s 
A s - i su m e VA. G ood rental area. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 349-9278 
"* * 
4 U N IT S 
G o o d re n te r*, e a s y to ke e p , in ­ c om e prop close to college, 
$23,ooo. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-252! 
5-U N tT S, 7o7 M a s o n St Se o a ro te m e te rs $51o per m onth $32,5oo 
4- u N I T S , >3o E. 
C r a i g , s o m e ! se p a ra te m eters. $475 p e r m onth , 
$34,ooo. C a ll W -B, K ie ffe r 341-91*1 owner, 
3 - 
$ V* - I, n eat, c le a n , 
: cen ! h e a t-a ir, fe n c e d , sto ra g e . 
, M a c A rth u r $22,49o ar equity and i $158. 1o81o W a y w o rn 651-9588 
I» edtSS A N O N I W S 
T O H W 
T m 

ALMOST NEW 
M o v e info this 3 bedroom , 2 bath, lovely h om e with 2 liv in g or so s. 
R e ad y (or Q U IC K O C C U P A N C Y 
R e ason a ble equity $45,5oo. H u r r y on this one. 
828-6343, eves 
656-ooo7. 
Cornelius 8 Associates 

 com , e xtra la rg e fenced ya rd , low 
6o s, by ow ner 656-326o. 

BEST BUYS IN TOWN 
T h e G le n 3 b e d ro o m *, 2 b a th *, c en tra l h eat-air, c arp et, ca ll we h a v e o t h e r s in a re a . 824-4S21, nites 337-8478 
Turner Realty 

B IG R E D U C T IO N on this lo ve ly a n d u n iq u e 4 b e d r o o m h o m e . 
E v e r y r o o m is s p a c i o u s o n d b e a u tifu lly d e s ig n e d . C o m p le te kitch en " i n the r o u n d " in c lu d e s t ra sh c o m p a c to r A b u n d a n t c lo ­ sets a nd m a n y b uilt-ins. Se p c ia l w o r k s h o p fo r th e m a n , O n ly 
$57,9oo C all 342-3211 A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e ar s pl T R U S T 

3 l ) B B U y i 
B y 
O W N E R 
3-2-2 in 
H ig h 
A re you p ric e d out o lt h e m a rk e t * 1 c o u n t r y . E q u it y $ 3 ,o o o 
B a l. 
, 4 t s M y A s827 
E C H o 
W A y 

RY OWNER EQUITY 
D efinitely N o A g e n ts) 
M a c A r t h u r T e r r a c e R o c k . T o p c o n d itio n , b e s t S c h o o l* . 3-2 2 
F o r m a l liv in g a n d d in in g 
Oen, se p a ra te b r k f a s i ro o m C o v e re d p o lio . S h a d e d p r iv a c y fe n c e d back ya rd . *37.9oo, low E q u it y 
6288 m o 927-3531; 656-5365._______ 

B y O w ner, F o x R u n. 4-2-2, 2,ooo sq ti. Fe A c re . B e a u t ifu l h om e , a s s u m e $13,ooo e q u it y , $38,4oo 
Balance. *56-4o43. 

BY OWNER, 3*2-2 
O ld F a rm ll, L a r g e fa m ily ro om w ith f ir e p la c e . F o r m a l l i v in g ro om , c a rp e t, fe n c e d , c o v e r e d patio, central air. 7J 4V *A . E q u ity, 
655-8o9o.____________ __ 
B v Ow ner, Old F a r m ll, 4-2 2, 16oo sa ft. F ir e p la c e , util. rm . C o v . patio, in te rc o m , p r iv a c y fence. 
538,$oo. 73«%. 653-4915 
B v ow ner, 3 2-1, I ow ner, cen tra l a ir, n e a r N o r t h s t a r M a ll, b u s. school, see lo app reciate. Aft S, 
826-4447. 
_______________ 

B Y 1 O W N e l " P a r t " N o rt h 
M - 'i . c e n tra l h as, c o v e re d patio, c a r - 
Petliig. $31,325. 655-9296 

B Y O W N E R sch oo ls L a rg e 5 b e d ro o m s 242o sq .ft. liv in g a re a . A s s u m p t io n 
*55,9oo 494-1433 

CAMELOT It 
G o rg e o u s c o n te m p o ra ry, 3-2' j-2, with fire p la ce . T w o liv in g a r e a s w ith w e) b a r 
O w n e i a n x io u s . 
D ra p e s a nd a p p lia n c e s included. 
M id 4o s. C a ll today 
o 5 6 -3 o o o A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S - P e r r in Bede! Ole 

CAMELOT ll 
K in g A rth u r w ould h ove loved this lovely 5 bedroom , ? ' jbath hom e. 
It even h a s se p ara te living, d in in g and fam ily room O n ly *48,5oo 
341-4491 
Nites 826-6762, 735-1787 
G E O R G E F L O O D , R E A L T O R S 
_ 
C am e lo t FT L o v e ly I b e d ro o m s, 
- San p e d ro H ill*. N E | central heat-air, a pp liances, la rg e fenced yard, e asy term s, a ssu m e 
*167 per m o or refinance. W ill trade 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

R L A L T Q R S -R iin u o lp h O ft 
G R E E N R I D G E N O R T H h igh ceiling, sh a g carpe ting, box win dows and a cornet fireplace...oil lit I living a re a at 4 be droom , 2 bath hom e! F in ish e d g a r a g e ! 
24 H R T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
*41,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 
Guy Chiproan Co 

H A R V E S T G O L D ap p lian c e s in a j light, cheery kitchen) 4 bedroom , : 
2 bath hom e h o i d e c o ra to r tea tares thruout t 
O P E N T IL 8 P M M O N F R I 
R E A L T O R S 
*58 7oo7 I 
Guy Chipman Co 

H E R I T A G E F A R M S "j bedroom'. 
J ba, r a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , w a ih e r-d ry e r, d isp o sa l, ce n tral 
_ , 
,,,. 
.. r.......,................. . 
. heat-air, attached double g a ra g e 
D O N 'T M IS S T H IS 4 b ed roo m , 2 P riv a te fence. N o th in g d ow n V A 

N e a r R a nd o lp h A .F U. S h o w s well inside and out. 3 b ed roo m . 2 bath, sin gle c ar g a ra g e h a s been eon v e rte d into a c o m f o r t a b le d en with central a ir a nd heat, p an eled w a lls a n d c a r p e t . P r i c e d at 
*24,5oo. L o o n b alan ce $18,9oo with p ay m e n ts of $179 on 7 34% V A loan. 
6 5 8 -3 $ 3 5 A n y t i m e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S - R o n d o lp h Ofc 

DIP INTO THE GOOD LIFE 
In this 3 bedroom , 2 both, 2 g a r ­ a g e h o m e . F i i e p l a c e in liv in g ■833,41*. room , double patio, wet b o r slop in g ceilin g in liv in g a n d m a ste r bedroom , N .E. schools. 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

V acan t - 4 b e d ro o m - I liv in g are a fireplace a lm o st new - corn er lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A S T SC H O C H S 
E a s y a ssu m p tio n low equity - o % 
(nun 
69o-936o 
342 428* 
C L IN T W E I L B A C H E R 

'/ M I L E N O R T H O F C E N T R A L 
P A R K 
B u ild e r s o w n n o m e . E x c e lle n t neighborhood- sc h o o ls I his prize w in n in g d e s ig n lu st re n o v a te d 
N e w c a r p e t , v in y l , b u ilt in s, p lu m b in g f ix tu r e s a n d p ain t U rock- 2 2 '« ro u g h c e d ar J-2-2, liv ­ in g d in in g , f a m ily a n d u tility lo o m s 
F i r e p l a c e , h e a l a ir . 
*49,*oo 654-8143 

OLYMPIA 

MUST MOVE 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T C R S - W o U e m Ole 

 bath, N E S c h o o ls 
$18,o6o. A n y type fin a ncin g 
*$*-1234 
RED CARPET 

Sy g w iw : San Pedro Hills 
B rick 4-2-2-2, F P , fully shuttered, iorae lot-trees. Info: D r H a rris , day 221-5744, nile 4*4-1423 
CAMELOT I 

$6oo DOWN-4-2-1 
L a r g e se a liv in g . k in g 

54o,ooo o r b e s! o fte r 
C a ll tor details. C H A R L E S W A T T S P E A L 
E S T A T E , 73? 7*18, 732-5355 

” H O U S E O F N E W V A H O M E S 
Al! a re as, size o n d p ric e 
3-2-2 with h re p la ce 534,ooo 
824 127* A n y tim e 
__ 

I M M A C U l A T E - 4 - 2 , w - f in is h e d 

' W a lkin g d ista n ce to W onderland, 
.n e a r E x p r e s s w a y s , J-1 •* la r g e f a m ily ro o m , b e a u t if u l fe n c e d y a r d w ith m a n y t r e e * O w n e r m o v in g - O p e n t e r m s . * 2 4 , SOO. 
M a k e ofter 
Yan Buren § Assoc 
684-7171 
6*6 589* 
*99 oo66 
' N E A R V A L E N C IA 5575 D O W N 
B ric k 3-2-2, u nkiinltvirig room form al d in in g,fire p la ce rn den and m st r 's b drm , s i s , 5oo, C all now s 
I 344 55*4 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2**1 

 s u e m a ste r, a ir, c a rp e t, 2 tub baths, fenced. M in t c o n d itio n in 
J ,e„c* d C fcse to school! 

B Y O W N E R 
4-2-2, se p ara te den 
V illa g e N o rth off P e r r in B eite i 
M a n y extras. W a lk to Se rna . N o agents. 537,5oo 653 o849 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to o th er h o m e s 
• F o r Sale B v O w n e r” 342-9393. 
S a n A ntonio H o m e o w n e r* B ro k e r 

B y O w n e r . S P A C I O U S A N D 
S P A R K L IN G 3-2-2. A ll a m enities. 
W a lk to p r e f e r r e d N E sc h o o l. 
M a n y, m a n y e xtra s. 
$39,9o6. 
653-9319 
______________________ 
B y O w ner, 4-2-2, 18oo sa .ft. F ir e ­ p la ce , p r iv a c y fe nce, c o m p le te y a r d , e x t r a s . E q u it y $1 ,2oo . 
A m oun t owed $42,76o. O n ly * m o old, a ssu m e p aym ts. of *457 mo. 
N o phone, m ust com e b y betw een 
5 a n d 8 P M . L o c a te d N o rth c liffe 
G olf C o m m u n ity on IH 35 N o rth od Cibolo- 
H u b e rtu * exit. 
4*22 
B i o o k h e q d ________________________ 

B Y O W N E R " 4-2-2” i* l3 sa. tt. fully carpeted, fireplace, sc re e n patio, n e a r R a n d o lp h . $$3,9oo o r a s - so m e 658 /8* 1. 
__ 

B v owner" the cre st in L iv e OukT p e rfe c t cond . 3 2 2, liv in g , d en with F P , 1482 sq.ft., cent air-heat. new W -W carpet, a ssu m e o r *1825 m ove in new loan. Se iler p a y s all 
Closing. 654-8123. 
B y o w n e r, V a lle y F o r g e , 4-2-T, co n v e n tio n a l o r a s s u m e 7 V V A . 
S p a c io u s, ro o m y , c a b in e t s a n d closets galore. $48,5oo. *54-7163. 
B v o w n e r, v a lle y F o r g e , 4-2-1, fo rm a l d in in g ro o m , fire p la c e , u tility ro o m , 2 p a t io s , p r iv a c y fenced $4o,9 o o 653-546 9. 

B Y O W N E R - V a le n c ia 4 3-2. 25oo sq.ft. of functional lu x u ry on cul- d e - s a c . 
C o n v e n ie n t to 
N E . schools, pool a nd tennis. 2 m a ste r suites, m a n y built-ins, alt e xtras. 
A s s u m e 7 J4 V A lo a n a n d s a v e com m issio ns. 654-128* 

L U X U R Y 3 b e d ro m o m , 2Vi b ath to w n h o m e in q u ie t a re a 
F u lly 
I c a rp e te d . E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n throughout, only *34,ooo. F o r d e ­ tails. and vie w in g call *53-o57o 
I A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

! C A N Y O li B E L I E V E J bedroom , bath ond ga rage . Built-in kitch en 
I with d ish w a sh e r E xce lle n t condi- i lion in good n eigh bo rho o d for less 
I than $2o,ooo W alk to e le m e n ta ry 
' sc h o o l. M in u t e s to Ft. S a m o r 
Randolph. 
C all today. 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 

L iv e Oak. O n ly *24,$66. T e rrific ) 
494 SI1J 
828 4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y *54 o97* 4*4-5221. onylM ,ie 
RED CARPET 
D R A S T IC A L L Y R E D U C E D 1 
To sell this w eekend 823o G L E N 
P O S T in T H E G L E N 4 b e d ro o m s, 
2 b a th s, so m e a p p lia n c e s , a ir, p ay m e n ts $2o8, O n ly $18oo e qu ity! 
222 -9 6 1 6 T E R R A R K A L T Y 24 H R S 
D R E A M S DO 
C o m e t r u e . ..lf y o u h ow e b e e n d re a m in g of a 4 b d rm w ell c a re d to r h o m e w ith f ir e p la c e , d e n , utility rm P ro fe ssio n a l la n d sc a p ing, sc re e n e d p o rc h , p lu s m u c h m o re ! R e d u c e d $5oo fo r q u ic k sale. 824-o171 
ROSOW A KLINE 
M 
U r o t o 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e o tS ot T R U S T 
3-2-2" C a r p e ls, bui/t-in s, fe n c e 
L a rg e single jiving area. $39,7oo, 
I N T E R S T A T E 828-o755 Iii 8 pm 

C A S H B U Y E R W A N T S 5 B E 
D R O O M , 3 B A T H N O R T H E A S T 
H O M E U N D E R 5 Y E A R S O L D . 
' W R I T E E X P R E S S N E W S B O X t 4511, San Antonio,T X 782*7 

C A S T L E P A R K 
3-2-2, living, d ining, la rg e fa m ily room , air-heat. $49,5oo. 656-8143 
C H O IC E E A S T S I D E L O C A T IO N 
C om p letely rem od eled , n ew c a r ­ net, 3 bedroom . M u st sell, no d ow n paym ent. O w ne r to p a y allow ab le d o s in g costs. 341 8134, 494-3229 

* C H O IC E L O C A T IO N • 
A la m o H e ig h t s s c h o o ls . E lit e 
! n ie g h b o r h o o d , 4 b e d r o o m s , 2 b a th s, fo rm o t liv in g 
M a n y e x ­ tra*! 
All b ric k hom e 
$46,5oo. 
736 1*11. 

ORIVE BY 

H ft H REALTY 

BY OWNER 

BY OWNER? 
F re e b ro c h u re te lls h ow b u y e r s a n d s e l le r s p r o f it f r o m 
H o m e o w n e r M a r k e t in g S e r v ic e 
N o sa le sm a n will call 349-4373. 

Naylor Realty Inc 

See this 3 b ed roo m , I both, c e n tra l h e a t - a ir , s t e v e , d is h w a s h e r , beautiful ya rd , N o rth e a st sch ools. 
*23,75o. 655-7713 
_ t A N G L E W O O P R E A L T Y 
B R O O K H O L L O W E S T A T E S • 
J u s t lis t e d ! 3-2-2, f ir e p la c e , se p ara te din in g, ail carpeted. b r ck ro o m a n y “ G o o d ie s " to list* Caf! 3^9-65o3, 341-5851 
, 
Martha Worley Realtors 

B v ow ner, L iv e Ooh, 3 2*2, la rg e fa m ily ro om , c a th e d ra l c e ilin gs, c a r p e t in g , d r a p e s , in t e r c o m - cove red patio. $28,$oo o r a ssu m e 
$714 paym ent. *56-4751, 333-o264 

15 J J S 'd u b 
Ix P k t s s a n d N iw s 

* 5 3 - o 1 1 9 ________________ 

B y owner, K irb y , 3 b e d ro o m V* 2 b o th s, g a r a g e c a rp e t , c e n t r a l a ir heat, low 2o's. C a ll a n y tim e 
661 629o 
____________ 
B Y O w n e r L a st cha nce to sa ve fee. 5-2't-?, 2-s$ory. Fu ll m e m b e r 
Ship >n T h ou sa n d O a k s C C m d u d - ed. 283o L o w O ok. 4*4-1$*$ $*l,»oo. 
W o w N F R - L iv e O ak 
J-2-2 one tin ge liv in g area, cul-de-sac, i d s of trees, g a rd e n re a d y to h arve st. 
S33,3oU 655-2934 

B Y O W N E R , N E I S D , J 2-2, O ld 
F a r m ll, s p a c io u s liv in g a re n . 
O v e rsize d fire p la ce , fully c a rp e t­ ed. See to appreciate. A ssu m e or conv M a k e otter 654 6153 

W IN D S O R M A L L A R E A - J-2-2, liv in g , d in in g , p a n e le d d e n , b r e a k f a s t a r e a , n e w c a r p e t , painted in and out, w a lk to N I . school, central a M, fenced, nice yard. P oi appt 656-6691___________ 

BY OWNER 
WINDCREST GARDEN HOME 
_________ 8342 W I N D VV A Y__________ 
B y o w n er W o o d lak e cul-de sa c 
3-2-2, liv in g ro om , a n d p a n e le d fa m ily ro o m , c a th e d ra ) c e ilin g , f u lly c a r p e t e d , la n d s c a p e d , p riv a c y fenced, u p p e r $3o, s A s su m e 7 % V A, O w n e r c a r r y p a rt 
2nd note 661 771o after 1? n o on. 
B y o w n er, W o o d la k e , c lo se Ft. 
Sa m , R a n d o lp h , 3-1-2, a ir-h e a t, lo'Tnol h y in g room , d in in g room , fam ily room , co ve re d patio, e qu i­ ty 
$4,2oo, a ssu m e 
7’fkoV-A, 
6*1-6862 
B - r o W N F R ' w o o n I A K 6 " T 2-7 
2 d ining a re a*, c ath e d ra l ceiling, appl inch re fri# P r iv a c y fenced, 
CUI de sac. IS m in. to R a n d o lp h and Ft. Sum . $37 JOO o r equity and 
$3o* 7 % V A 6*1-6855. 
: 
’C A M E L o f 11' E as y A ssu m p tio n 
Clean S 2-2 ort go o d street w ith e xtras, $2*5 m onth, 5286o equity 
344-5564 H a rt M c C o r m ic k 344-2993 

C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
Stun n in g all black m oil box. H a s p r e c is io n f r o n t o p e n in g d o o r . 
C o m p le te w ith ja u n ty re d fla g. 
L o c a t e d on b e a u t if u lly l a n d s ­ c ap ed 9ox12o ft, lot in V a le n c ia 
$44,5oo, In c lu d e s k. b ric k . 4-2 2 w in m o n y fe atu re s 
C ull o w n er 
I tor appt 655-4126________________ _ 

OonvBPse No Down 
Anyone. 3 2-1 on M e ad ow . $28,ooo. 
828-4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654 o9/5 

C O R O N A D O 
V IL L A G E - 5 6 o o 
D O W N 
B ric k 3-2-2, sw ln u m u ig pool, fire ­ place, o ak trees, $48,5oo C all 

6o23 W I N T E R H A V E N a n d se e t h is $ b e d r o o m h o m e in p r e s ­ t ig io u s W I N D C R E S T 
A t r u ly elegant hom e d e sig n e d fo r e x e c u ­ tive living 
824-2385 J O H N M A T H IS *S3-7ooo 
S E IT Z & A SSO C . R E A L T O R S 
O R IV E IN ! Sw im m in g pool, love- 
Iv 3-2-2 w ith c o v e re d , c a r p e t e d patio, beautifully la n d sca p e d n e a r 
W in d so r P a rk M all, no city taxes. 
78o3 Su n Forest. $4,5oo E qu ity. 
656 89/4. _____________ ___ 
334 E A S T L E Y 
3-2-L im m aculate insid e a nd out, cove red patio, fenced, new carpet 
J E R R Y S M IT H 494-38$} 
F A S Y A S S U M P T IO N • J 2 2. h uge sin g le liv in g a r e a 
F ir e p l a c e , 
34Sriefc, patio' fin ish ed g a r a g e 2 
Y r s old 
V acant. 
349 65o3, 
822 16o1 
, 
_ Realtors 

Ei’ D o rad o area, p r im a m o re than 
$3,ooo below m a rk et value, 3-2 2, m o n y e xtra s 653 o276.____________ 

ELECTRIC CURTAINS 
B v ow ner, soda d isp e n se rs, built rn stereo system full w etbar Thro i96o sa It 2 bedroom , 2 bath c u s­ tom built hom e is on e n te rta in e r’s d r e a m ! o n ly * 4 6 ,so d c a l l a n y - tim e 822-5539 or 342-3174_________ 

S3.885 EQUITY 
A ss u m e V A loan, just liste d this 
344 5564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 
4 bedroom , h om e oft P e rrin 
....... 
— 
Betlel R d w o n t lost, call now * 
COUNTRY LIVING 
J-2-2 on I ' j a c re s north of Loo p 
16o4 and N E i $ p . I la r g e liv in g a re a with double ro ck fire p la ce b ig c ou n try style kitch en , la rg e c o v e r e d p a t io 
B y o w n e r , n o agents. $49,9oo. 347-o363. 497-3687 

COUNTRYSIDE SANPEDRO 
4 b edroom s, 2 'j boths, o r 3 p lu s study 
L o a d e d with e x tra s! W et b ar, fo rm a l d in in g , m a s t e r be d roo m p riv a c y p nh o R e d u c e d to 
$72,5oo 342 4177, nites 344 5371, 
REALTY WORLD 
Biti Southern_ 

Pl AC I VOUK W AN T AO 
IN THI I X PW|SS N f SVS 
C A U 225 16oz. 

656-3ooo Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin B o t e l Qfc 
Si'.'OO E Q U IT Y 
C o n v e n ie n t to 
M o n t g o m e r y 
E ie m e n t o r v 
3 B e d * o o m s w ith m onthly p aym en ts of StSS F a r an appointm ent to see, a sk for Pete, e v e n in g s 6S5-6655 

T E R R E L L H I L L S 
L a rg e 3 bedroom , 2 bath h o m e on a lo r g e c o r n e r lot 
C o m p le t e ly re d e co rate d yr, old ro of m a n y b u iit-m s O w n e r a n x io u s , m a k e offer! E v e n in g s *53-315o. 

IMMACULATE!!! 
L ik e n e w v* b r i c k * 2-2 w it h separate liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s 
' p lus a fam ily ro om w ith fire p la ce 
F e a t u r in g c o v e r e d p a tio , A r m stro ng So la riu m floor c o v e rin g in the ku c h e n , a n d a p a n e le d g a r ­ age N IT E S *53 187o 
828 5*3* 
R E A L T O R S 
M C S 
! HORTH LOOP IHC. 

INFORMAL LIVING in N o r t h w o o d E s t a t e s . F o u r b e d ro o m s, 3 b a th s, fro n t c o u r ­ tyard. Saltillo tile galore, L u x u r y lot in the 9o’$. 
I 
628 6391 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Cn 
K fo lto r s-N E L o o p ofc 
1 J-l-Y i n ‘O ly m p ia f y O w ne r. "Full c arp el all uppls, fenced, D r a p e s 
O pen fin a n c in g 655 o454 
J U S T L IS T E D 
A la m o H e ig h t * S c h o o ls , 3 b e d roo m s, 2 b ath s, liv in g h a s p a r ­ q uet flo o r s, d en, g a r d e n st y le covered pon e C all B eth T a t* for m ore details. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

J U S T L IS T E D ! o a k H ollow o! San 
Pedro M M K O n# liv in g a re a with se p ara te d in in g a re a . L a r g e k it­ chen, utility room . 3 e x tra la rg e bedroom s, 2 baths, too condition 
$46,9oo 494-7*5! A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW ft KUNE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a r s ot T R U S T j u s t L ! £ t £ 6 ! " a " d r e a m 'Hom e. 
H u g e o a k t r e e in b a c k y a r d , sp rink le r sy ste m in front, Saltillo tile c o u r t y a r d , b e a u t if ie s en 

I 

 trance to this 3 b e d roo m , 2 bath h o n m e 
I N S T A N T L Y 
A P 
P E A L IN G , M re p iace d liv in g m e a , la rg e k itc h e n , k in g s iz e m a ste r, covered scree n ed patio. C h u rc h ill 
Hi W on't lost ar $46,9oo 
RED CARPET 
3*7-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
4*4 1o58 

NEAR WINDSOR MALL 
H o n e y m o o n c o t t a g e o ff M id - 
1 crow n 1-1-1 with c en tra l heat ond air, la rge liv in g a n d fa m ily room , s u p e r k it c h e n , n e w c a r p e t . 
$21,5oo O pen te rm s C all Alec 
Van Buren ft Assoc 
684 /171 
7J4 o78* 
699 oo66 

NE ASSUMPTION 
O w ner is a n x io u s to sell. L o v e ly condition, g re a t fa m ily hom e, J y e a r s y o u n g 
C a ll fo r d e t a il*. 
822-33o), 828 456o 
KARTMAN BEAITORS 

N E W L IS T IN G 1ooo O a k s, spilt level, J 2’ ,-2, g a m e ro o m , d ual f ir e p la c e b e t w e e n l i v in g a n d fam ily ro o m s T aste fu lly d ecorot 

 ed, prof. la n d sca p e . 
4*4-5221 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ RED CARPET 

N E W L IS T IN G ! o v e r 3ooo s u it 
(p e r city tax o ffic e ) ot c u sto m built lu x u ry m T h o u sa n d O a k s 3 sp a c io u s b e d ro o m s, h u g e liv in g room with fire p la ce 
A ll electric kitchen with e xtra la rg e b rea kfa st a re a . 24 ' lu x u r io u s re c r e a t io n ro om ! G re e n h o u s e a n d sto ra g e sh e d 
Att t h is to r o n ly *7 *.9 o o 
494 /651 A N Y T IM E 

O u tsta n d in g < 2 2, p ric e d to soil * 
A v a ila b le im m ed iate ly. 
NIBLOCK RlALJY 6531873 

N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
3 p o s sib ly 4 1 J, IOO",, m a s o n i y h o m e B e a u t ifu l a n d w e ll m n in , turned W o n 't last long ut $43,9oo. 
824 o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
“ 

O A K H O L L O W E S T A T E S " * " 
( O F F B R O O K H O L L O W ) 
B ette r, than n e w 1 H a n d so m e b ric k o nly 4 m o nth s old with custo m d ra p e rie s a n d t u r n ! s n ip e d y a r d 
O n e s p a c io u s liv in g a r e a w ith tire - place, c a th e d ra l C ollin gs, G ou t met kitch en with dbl o ven 3 2 2 * im m e d ia te p o s se ss io n R e d u c e d to *51.9*o. 82* 24J* R E A L T O R S 
_ Jo N ES ® PG 
O F T I E O N H A R O r M ill A f tho, 
M I 3 b o d ro o m , la r g e d en w ith rn H okie r con tro l heat-alr, d ou b le * g a r a g e , d is h w a s h e r , e le c t r ic * ra n g e , a r iv a c v fe n c e 
A s s u m e m onthly p a y m e n ts $3o* Inte rest 
JU s . *2 9 ,o o o 
C a ll a n y t i m e * 
C H A R I K S W A T T S R E A L E S 
TA T E , 732 2* I », 732 5355__________ _ 

OFF NACOGDOCHES 
. 
O a k 
G r o v e 
E s t a t e s , n e a t 
M a c A r t h u r H i S c h o o l, i t w ittv largt fa m ily lo o m . N e e d s p a in t o n d r e p a ir s . O w n e r 's a n x io u s 
A ssu m e $16o m o nth ly at / % % in forest 
A p p lia n c e s 
Stay 
M a k e ofter. 
Van Buran ft Assoc 
684 /l/t 
144 IPB* ftW oo(56. 

 b it P g fffiT B e lie f R d " B y Ow uet... 
3 I '» I, c u sto m d ru p e s, sh u tte rs, . carpet, stove, p r iv o c y fence F. c o lle n ! c o n d itio n . $2$,5oo 
45 1Q 
Clwor S p rin g 656 19o3 pc 344 1 1*1 
Off 5an P e d ro n e a r Oblate 3 b e­ droo m b rick, $3*.5oo. 
734 543* C P . K o 8 U B 342 o343 

O L M O S E L E G A N C E ! M in ia tu re * g re e n h o u se at th is s p a c io u s 3^ b e d r o o m , 
3 ’ t b a t h h o m e . 
E le g a n c e , s t y le a n d e x t r a f e a ­ t u r e s g a lo r e , t o r lu s t u n d e r 
$15o OOO C all fo r an a p p o in tm e n t I 
I N T E R S ! A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

DLMOS PARK 
I A lo m a H g ts. S c h o o l O tst 
1 be- d 'o o m , 3 both, den, dining, liv in g room with fire p la ce , centi al a ir heot, patio, sc re e n e d p orch, la rg e store room , 
828 IO U , 
824 85o* 
O w ner-Agent, 
* 
O L Y M P IA 
I Thro split level, 4 b d r m h o m e is * p r ic e d e x c e p t i o n a l ly In w a f 
I*44,ooo Fireplace* in fam ily lo o m . 
C o v 'd patio W ater softener. C o ii-- 
I venient to R a n d o lp h and F L S a n w 
H ouston 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
. 
H E A L T O R S is, 
; 
O N C A S f M Y R T L E 
\» la r g e Older h om e p riced at only 
$15,9oo 
N o th in g dow n lo 
! V e te ra n s 
R O Y A L C R O W N 
433 9131 
»3<-$$*7 

ROSOW ft KLINE 
R E A L T O R S -5 6 Y e a r s of T R U S T 
N E W L Y W E D S O R R F ' . R F F 
7 b e d ro o m h o m e in W ils h ir e V il­ lage, h a rd w ood floors, new roof. 
P riced for g u ic k sale O u r last 2 h o m e s in th is a r e a so ld in le ss than a week. *54-6555. 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A Y N E F O G U S R E A L T Y 

JUST LISTED 
*25,666 
F r e s h ly p a in te d J b e d r o o m c o t­ tage, central beat a n d m r, built rn kitchen A ss u m e low intere st V A loan. 824-o284. 
S T O I RAICH 

L A R G E 4 B e d ro o m , 2 bath, cor- pets, built-ins, *6o,SOO e ou iiy, $732 m o 
C e n t u r y 21 
RED CARPET 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 
R E A L T O R S i < .’Kiss 37. t.' n iv77 
R E A L T O R S 
'T O T T ! 'V T I R S ’ 

ONE BLOCK OFF 
N I LOOP 41o 
3 bedroom s, 2 b a th s, I la rg e liv in g a rp q on c o r n e r lot. T e r m s a te open, u n d a v a ila b le at $2*,9Oo. 
Coll todu i 
656-3ooo Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e r r in B ed el Ole 
. 
— o p e n T t o ? ------------------ 
41)4 B A R R IN G T O N 
Oft P e rrin B ed el 
4 2 2 

1914 O A K L 'N E 
Oft B ro o k hollow 
J 2-2 
349 65o3 494 7o4o 341 5951 
Out W A l Z E M $3oo down, J-2 I 
Or $35o dow n 4 2-t C all now ! 
344 5564 M ort M c C o r m ic k 344 29*j t 
SE 

Qp«n Monday thru fridoy 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
Monday thru Thursday 
5:oo P M, for following Day 
Friday I;3 o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P M for Sunday 
Friday 5 3o P.M. For Monday 
CLOSED SATU RDAY A N D S U N D A Y 

Cancdllahon* and Corrections can be made 
M onday thru Friday 8 A M, til 5:3o P M. 

I rho Express N ew : C arp octopi* .re ip o m iM d y 
\ to-- error) the first day of publication only 

 in 
WM-. 
' — 1 1 

 f 

Page I 2-D 
San Antonio EXFRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977 
212 HOMES NORm ST 
212 HOMES mORTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

21o HOUSES HBHTHMST yin HOUSES NORTHfAST 
212 HOMES WOBTHWEST 
Z12 HOWESHORTHWIST 

O W N ER A N X IO U S ■ 3 Bedrooms. 
I 1'* baths, new carpet, heat air covered patio. 349-65o3, 494-2o4o 
Martha Worley Realtors 
231 P A L O G R A N D E 
Shady Oaks, 2 acres, with 4 be­ droom, 3 bath, lorge fam ily room with tifeptace, cen tral a ir and 
I heat, lots of oaks. Con for appt. 
2243 SH A D O W C L IP P 
San Pedro Hills. Ioo % ro ck 3 be­ droom, 2'J baths, 2 cor oarage, cedar shcke roof, huge single liv­ ing area with all rock fireplace, covered patio and call for more details. 
18843 R E D L A N D 
The House of the Future. Ultra modern 3 bedroom, I or 2 baths, 
S in g le living area with f ir e p l a c e . buittM nbed in the m a s te r b e ­ droom. On I acre. 
494-5571 
C e n tu ry 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
P A R K N O R T H . 3 2, with 23*18 activity room . N ice yo rd Any type financing. 456-1234 
RED CARPET 

PARK VILLAGE 
$19,95o. 3 bedroom , I bath, with refrig, dish w ash e r, range. Call now! King A rthur Reai Estate. 
656 6493 
P E R R IN P A R K near 41o 
I Owner, brick 3-2-2 in quiet established area. Covered patio 
I manicured yard, living room family room, $34,ooo, Aug. movein I 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344 2993 

PERSONALITY PLUS! 
4 bedrooms, 2 bahts, with a beau- I tiful covered screened and car- J pated patio. L a rg e living area, fireplace, form al dining $41,SOO. 
681-3222, niles 349-6837. 
REALTY WORLD 
Rill Southern_______ 

[PLU SH G A R D E N H O M E in Blos­ s o m H ills! S u n k e n liv in g orea 
•with rock fireplace... form al din- 
|mg room. 2 bedroom s, 2 baths. 
ISkylights, walled patio. .. Extras! 
: 24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
{$58,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

POOL TIME! 
Outstondining 4-2-2 with pool, This has 2 living areas and fireplace. A 
(lovely covered patio and m any tother extras. N IT E S 824 446o 
|828-S636 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
WORTH LOOP. IWC. 

S W I M M E R ’ 
G A R D E N E R ? i P H O T O G R A P H E R ? Y o u 'll love 
| th is 3 b e d ro o m h o m e ! P ool, 
' greenhouse and dark room in ao- i difion to living, dining, family i rooms! 
O P E N T IL S P M M O N F R I 
1 $49,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
694-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

T E R R E L L H IL L S 
Beautiful oak treed hilltop lot. 3-2 
Plus 2-2 guest house, heated pool. outdoor ligh tin g system , s p rin ­ kler. M u ch m ore! $11o,ooo. 784 
Terrell R oad A .J O N E S R E A L - 
TY, 824-1o67 

TEXAS SIZE LOT 
IO a c r e s on E v a n s Rd., n e a r 
Cibolo C re e k with hom e. 3 b e ­ d room , 2 bath, fa m ily rooom , n e stle d a m o n g tre e s 
C r o s s fenced with stables and some buildings. 
824-2391 (Anytime) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -Austin Hw y Ole 

EXECUTIVE HOME IS OFFERED to the discriminating buy*( with taste fat quiet elegante En|oy your awn lushly landscaped acre and a magnificent view of the surrounding city I rom this exquisite hilltop home Pool, tobono, pagoda, fountains and mony polios enhance the selfing, (rick floors and cherry paneling lend themselves beautifully to the extensive use of gloss and imported Italian tile throughout The complete gourmet kitchen nffords the latest in every appliance. The cosuol room, which overlooks the pool, contains o built in music and entertomment center. Other fascinating details ore loo numerous to mention 535o,ooo ANYTIME 342 3211 

 k o s o n r s l k t i i l L 
REACTORS — 5o YEARS OE TRUST 

 r n 

T H E C A T S M E O W ! 
This 3 bedroom, 2 both located in 
El Cbaparrel is in tip-toD shape 
Loaded with appliances, paneling, drapes M id 2o's Call 653-6364 for the P U R R F E C T H O M E ! 
RLD CARPET__ 
The Hills. A ssum e or refinance 
Extra nice 3 bedroom, 2bath, den. 
2 car garage, central heat and air. 
Call Ann 
EHA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648 33o7 ! 

THE WHOLE PLATOON 
Will fit in this fantastic 4 bedroom, 
2 bath home Spacious floor plan with fireplace in fam ily room , carpeting, com pletely equipped kitchen plus w asher and d rye r and best of all, the price is O N L Y 
$4o,75o Niles OSS 5693. 
C e n t u r y 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T IM E _______ 
TH IS W E E K 'S S P E C IA L 
The price h as been reduced lo 
$26,15o. Lots of storage and all kitchen appliances, carpeting and drapes m ake this 3 bedroom , I bath home a good buy. Owner is anxious and needs to sell quickly 
Call 828 57o4 
C e n tu ry 21 
823-57o4 
R E A L T O R " 
653 424o 
B O B R O D G E R S _________ 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y N ice 3 be- I broom. 2 bath, range, water sol- j tener, attached carport, eauitv, j 
_ w w . , assum e only m onthly paym ents I 
P R E T T Y S E T T IN G for thi< m e I inr*o Interest at 73«. $7LOGO i s e t t i n g for this cus- 
C o|| lo r d e ta ils 
C H A R L E S ! 
W A TT S R E A L E S T A T E . 732 2918, j 
732 5355, 228 91o4______________________I 
V A -F H A - 4-2-2 Den, livin g and j d in in g com b o 
P r iv a c y fence ! 
T re e s. N e a r sc h o o ls. In the I 
3o'S 349-65o3, 654 6296 
Martha Worley Realtors 
V A L E N C I A 2,ooo Sq lf. 3-2-2, large single living plus tiled gar- I den room with planter and 2 walls ! of Fren ch doors H uge kitchen, beautiful yard 7 % V A $52,ooo 
194 754o, 653 5454 

( 
REALTY WORLD 
NEED ROO/V1 
W A N T QUALITY 

N e w H o m e s b y 
M e lt o n G e o r g e Cat. 

>o1 SHADY TRAU - rustic ran ch spacious 4 bedroom, I living men, formal drama. plenty of room for lorge family on cul de- soc 

137 RIDGE TRAIL - elegant 2 living area, 3 bedroom, large beamed den, corner fireplace, country kitchen, covered patio 

HOLLYWOOD PARK - 
ocrc lots, low loxes, prestige aren 
O P E N TO TIL D A R K 
494-16o1 
4 9 4 -3 o 1 2 

REALTY W ORLD 
COMPASS REALTY 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST SA N 
AN T O N IO 
C O M IN G S O O N 

ANOTHER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
C O M M U N IT Y 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

IS u s - H o m e i 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 
BUY N O W 
BEFORE PRICES 
GO UP 
$1 M OVE IN VA 

5 % DOWN CONVfNTIONAt 

3 and 4 bedroom plan* 

(*>37,5oo t9 
S 4 4 , 9 5 o ^ 
All hom es feature energy saving package, central heat-air, carpet and handcrafted w oodbur.nng fireplaces, deluxe M a gic 
Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TWIN CREEK 
681 - i m 

M.ma-mKMSL 

3 ACRES + 4 BEDROOMS 
HUGE home for country living en tertaming 
Keep fumet or' garden 
FREEDOM! SPACE! Party sized living room plus lorge fami­ ly room, oar in kitchen, dining area 
Includes fully equipped icehouse, ready for business if desired BARGAIN PRICED1 

Bo8 MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
U 4 9 . 6 2 IT 

WEST 
4(3o IA M8ETH - OPEN HOUSE 
SUN til 6. Owner must sell Ibis lovely 3-7-7 with lorge living, dining, and fondly room in Roll ing Ridge' Gorgeous kitchen you most see* Sprinkler system. OPEN 
TERMS' 547,5oo 684 79o2, 342 
9393 
13o ALEX. HAMILTON 
Charnu ng older home • I minute wofk from Jefferson 
Excellent con dition* Central oir-heat, new roof beautiful oak floors, and fireplace foe this 3-2-2, plus 2 corpora1 
$33,9oo 342 9293 
4838 SHADYDAIE - 1oo% breck. 
♦-2-2, has beautiful new carpeting, lush landscaping. 2o16 sq ft, on inviting 15x3o covered patio! Transferred Doctor osking foe this beouty $51,4oo 684 
8869, 342 9393 
6731 SPRING HURST - Newly weds' Convenient lo UTSA, USAA and Med Center! This 3-2-2 bos o lovely courtyard entry, large shade frees, sunny garden kit 
'hen and I large living afea 
OPEN TERMS' $31,9oo 69o 9571, 
341 9393 

£ % 
3 4 2 - 9 3 9 3 
’ son antonio 
H homeowners 
Aj association 

* lf Unique is What You Seek ★ 

As well as a home designed for privacy, we hove 2 beauties to choose from Eoth one on pork- like acreage just minutes from 
Medical 
Center. 
Separate bedroom suites, quarters, fon- tostis entertainment areas, coly fireplace and storage galore! 
$1o6,ooo and 
$11o,ooo. 

★ Prestigious 
Castle Hills * 
Move in today. Owner leaving city. 
4 
Bedrooms, 
3 
8aths 
{includes separate guest suite), separate living and dining raoms with hand hewn'beams, knotty pine paneling and oak floors, family room, charming country kitchen. Sparkling poof, on beautiful treed, coversized 
'of. Reduced to $88,ooo. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-112) 
3419191 656-552o 

 tom brick N orthern Hills home 
3-2-2-den, plus n u m e ro u s stru c­ tural features of interest 824-45o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

5258 PRINCE VALIANT 
In C A M E L O T 
Open I to 5 
Lovely 4-2-2, professionally lands­ caped! 494-5221 
I 
RED CARPET 

Q U I E T L I V I N G 
Beautiful se ttin g on approx. I j acre. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, formal living dining, fam ily room with I fireplace, la rg e b a c k y a id with fence for chickens. 
Priced at 1 
567,ooo 
658-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R SR o n rto lp h Oft 
R A T E D 
G " tor the Whole fam ily will enjoy this charm ing J bedroom. 2 bath home Relax in this comfortable, paneled fam ily room. Carpel and kitchen appliances included Mid 
2o s. Call 653 6364 N O W ' 

NEAR USAA, UTSA, MED CENTER 
Secluded in Hidden Creek No tPoffic noises large prestigious home for entertaining and comfortable living 
3 big bedrooms, 2 decorator both rooms, huge separate living and frimily rooms, central heat air Pofio, 
2 cor qoroqe courtyard, easy terms 
VEIS NOTHING ooWN 3 years old 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y 349-6211 

RED CARPET 

3 2-2, Valley Forge, all brick, fully c a rp e te d , s p r in k le r s y ste m , p riv a c y fence, land scap ed N E 
Schools. M ony extras. 653-13o6. 
V A L U E P L U S 
Exceptionally nice 3 2 2 with fire­ place, country kitchen, p riva cy fence, covered patio. Only $36,9oo 
O AK G R O V E E S T A T E S 
Lorge 4-2-2, 2 story In M acA rthur 
Hiqh School. New paint in and out p lu s la rq e q a a m e ro o m , o n ly 
$38,ooo Convention! 
C e n t u r y 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341-7115 _____________R E A L T O R S 

VA Nothing Down 819,ooo 
3 11 a, stove, re frige ra to r, distv 

A BIKINI FIGURE or NOT 
I f s no matter, when you have your private pool Call to see this 4 bedroom, J bath and den home in 
W hispering O aks with sprinkler system, water softner and other extra s P lu s the 18x32 It G a ry 
Pool. At an unbelievable price. 
349-1436 Anytime 

W H E R E E L S E ? 

• N U W 
Brick 
H o m o * o n 
Aer-' 
•age 
• B ro o th c u k ln g V ie w * 
• W n e H o d S lt v i fo r W M V A C r 
• 4 C h o ice N o rth C om ou rn!*!# * 
(in c lu d in g N o w B r a u n f e ls e lo w T a x e s M o k e e a s y P u r ­ c h a se f e r m i 
I e 1 7 o o S a ft. l iv in g • 7 C u r 
G o r o g e $ 3 7 ,SOO e 9 6 8 o Sa . ft. l iv in g - 2 C o r 
G a r a g e $ 4 9 ,7 5 o . 
S e a r c h The N o m e M a r k e t O v e r 
THIN Coll USI 
Swinney Co. 
4 9 7 - 1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

B E S T B U Y 
In W hispering Oaks. 4 bedrooms, formal dining room Lower level living. Den has fireplace, gam e room for the kids, sewing room for mom. Call Beth Tole. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

INC, R E A L T O R S 

R E D U C E D TO $33,ooo! 
O W N E R A N X IO U S to sell this 
3-2-2 w ith 2 liv in g a r e a s in 
C a m e lo t 
It. 
F a m ily room , equipped kitchen, breakfast area, huge co v e re d patio, V A C A N T - 
M O V E IN SO O N! 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

 j 
R E A L T O R S 

 wosher, fenced disposal, air, garage. 

$1,ooo R E D U C T IO N 
L A D S C A P E D 3-2-2. 78o6 L A Z Y 
FO REST. L IV E O A K . O P E N t-5 
S U N D A Y 
653 5817, 828 o755 IN T E R S T A T E 

BUDDY UECKER 824-7361 

V L A L E N C IA - >c M aso n ry 3 bdrm, 
2 bath, living, dining, den combo, 
! b ric k fire p la c e , u n d e rg ro u n d 
I s p r in k le r s . 
D o u b le g a r a g e , 
; p riv a c y fence. 1978 sq ft floor 
I space. Equity or assum e $316 mo 
| of 7Jc int Total price $43,5oo. Cal! 
I for details Better hurry, tom or­ row will be too lute for this one! 
Other brokers welcome to sell this p ro p e rty 
C H A R L E S W A T T S 
R E A L E S T A T E , 732 2918, 732 5355 

R E N T IN G ’ Anyone can buy - no down • 3-4 bed room s - som e ap- plionces. First paym ent July 
222 9 6 I6 T E R R A R E A LT Y 2 4 H R S 
R E N T O R B U Y 
T h is 3 b e d ro o m . 2 bath hom e 
___ 
V ___.W 
( located in V a le n c ia , clo se to i and assum e V A loan. For viewing schools, shopping and m any ac- i call 653-o57o A N Y T IE 
I 
/.tivitics. Better look at this one I 
(today. 824-o171 

WHY WAIT? 
This attractive 2 bedroom, 2 bath 
; lownhome is ready for occupancv 
I now C om p letely equipped kit- j chen and lots of carpet. Conven- i lent to Randolph, Ft, Sam , and 
Windsor P ark Mall. Sm all equity 

'. A C R E S 
L a rg e 76x14 mobile, 3 2 just to j minutes north of 16o4 oft San Pe 
I tiro 
Low p a y m e n ts and only 
I $18,5oo Conventional 
H A R M O N Y H IL L S 
N E W L istin g N ice 3-2-2, good 
( condition, walking distance to all 3 schools, neighborhood pool, only i 536,5oo. assum e Conventional 
H O L M E S HI A R E A f N ice 4-2-2 with den, p a rk like 
I yard, convenient to bases, all 3 j 
•I level schools within w alking dis- j lance. Only $35,5oo open terms 
F A N T A ST IC F A M IL Y H O M E 
I N ice 4 2-2 in G len O a k s P a rk 
L A R G E house with m any built- 
I ins, fireplace, den, fantastic patio j with Texas size bbq Only $55,ooo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L ID A Y 
I 341 7115______________ R E A L T O R S 
4 A C R E S . P a rk lik e 4-3-2, Qfrs. 
Shop, gam e room, m any extras. 
I Horse trails adjacent Excellent 
I tor children and relatives. N ear 
I 4 io -V a n ce J a c kso n . N .E I S O 
I M ust see to appreciate 344-655o 

A G A R A G E W ITH A S E C R E T ! 3 
I bedroom, 2 bath home has living and fam ily rooms, fireplace and 
I patio,..and a study in halt of the double garage! 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$43,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

B E T T E R T H A N NEW , spacious 4 bedroom , m inutes from U S A A a n d M e d ic a l C e n te r. W a lk to 
M arshall Hi School $43,9oo. Call 
341-4666 nites 344-7o36 
Don Boucfielle 
H CO INC. R E A L T O R S M L S 
B IG B A R G A IN 
4-2' i-2 on tree shaded quiet st, 3 family areas, screened patio for greenhouse, over 25oo sqft + , 
$49,5oo 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2S2! 

COUNTRY ESTATE 

Pm# reduced on this lovely 3 bedroom, 
3 beth home with o lorge den end fireplace, living room, dining room and kitchen wtth an toting orea. Ideal for formal or informal entertaining on a big patio. Separate workshop, stalbct and pens, alt on 12.o6 landscaped acres. 
Call 8 2 4 -o 1 2 1 
A N Y T IM E 

 k o s o u r & k f m ^ 

MAirocs - so Tuts or twist 

REALTY WORLD 
LUXURY GARDEN 
HOM E FOR TW O 
Whispering Oaks This 2 bedroom, garden home has a lovely living room and o paneled den with a fireplace. Beautiful heated 8oo1 
Must see to appreciate! 69o-95o2 
REALTY WORLD 
V L A N D M A R K R E A L T O R S J 

2 ACRE ESTATE 
Over 36oo so. ft of elegance in the secluded beouly. 6 great family home that is oil so perfect for entertainment. Priced ip the 
9os but worth much more. Con­ venient to Medical (enter and 
USAA. 
349-5111 
3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 

 oeanie Owens co 

North Central Ofc. 

^FAMILY SIZED HOMEf> 
Quiet neighborhood. 
3 bedrooms, 
2 bath rooms, separate dining, living, and family rooms. 
Fenced, playroom in double garage, patio, 
Bar-B-G pit. 
IM ­ 
MACULATE! Easy terms! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V . 
349-6211 

H iiiiiiifim u iiiiit iH im t m t iiiin iC 
I SPECIAL REDUCED 
I 
PRICE 
I ONLY / I LEFT | 

| A T $ 4 4 , 2 o o | 

 s Extra lorge wooded '/j acre wood- 3 s ed lot, d-2-2 features; hondcrof- 3 r ted wood burning fireplace plus 3 
Z wall to wall carpeting, Magic Chef 3 
- all electric kitchen, electric 5 jS goroge door opener, full energy £ 
3 saving package with oil brick con- 3 
3 struction. Located in prestigious 3 
3 OAK (REEK. Conventional finan- g 
3 twmvith 5 % down. Tljj^e homes 2 
3 wiluiot be available for sale but Ti 3 
3 few doys. Coll today 
- 

I TOM HOTMAN 
| 

£ 
684-3112 

B Y O W N E R , Lovely split level j3-2-2, fam ily room, L ' shaped liv- ling-dining area, study. B alcony oft master, overlooking lorge lot land wooded area. Convenient to 
(schools. M e d Center. B y appt, 
.only. 684 3o39 29o2 W aco* 

BRAUN STATION EAST 
B R A N D N E W will sell V A 4 be­ droom s library or sitting room, fam ily room with fireplace, all rock C o n te m p o rary hom e with 

B Y O W N E R Shenandoah. 3-1-1, central heat-air. Beamed ceiling, 
32 oak trees in back yard. 7 '? % o rig in a l P H A loan. P a y m e n ts 
$174 696-3958 
B v ow ner, Sh e n a n d o a h , 3-1-1, carpet, drapes, large oatio, $165 at 614°o or $28,9oo. 69o-87o6. 
B Y O W N E R 
U n iv e rsity O aks, 
SS.'W KSJ 

COUNTRY HOME 
Compact brick 3-2’ z-2. On 3 acres w ith fire p la c e , la rg e p a tio , c o v e re d p o rc h and an office. 
Beautiful yard, fenced area for horses. Bulverde Schools. SSS,OOO. 
Coll Jim Hanley, Broker. 
BUI VERDE AREA REALTY 
497-3621 R E A L T O R S 1+438-7442 

$52,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S fence, drapes. 696-78o6 
I priced at 
: 341-72o1 
JOHN FLOURNOY HMC 
B R E A T H T A K IN G ! D e s c r ib e s this large 4 bedroom, 2 bath (I j club) executive garden home in this com munity of natural beauty located on a high corner lot con­ venient to everything in this ex­ cellent N orthw est location. Im ­ p orted Ita lia n tile in kitchen, 

COUNTRY LIVING 
Beautiful N E W custom-built 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home, nestled in the trees on a 11'a acre lot in Trail- wood. Boerne schools, but San 
A n to n io te le p h o n e e x c h a n g e . 
M any, m any extras F o r details and viewing, call 
342-4115 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

I D ecorators' 3-2-2, Saltillo, 2ox42 healed pool, oaks. In C hurchill 
Dist. 342-65o8. $69,5oo 

 u s - H o m e 

^fiiiiiiiii/iiin u iiu iu iuu u m iii 

OR CONTACT YOUR REALTOR 

5o15 Meadowview Custom builttw otlerllvln gw ifh over 
25oo sa. ft. of luxury. Features include 4 bedrooms, ^2 bath, gam e, family, office, living and dining rooms. Specie I P®**” quef floors, boat and too! shed, large .6 acre lot. >56,9oo. 

15215 Branding Iron Transfer forces sale of th is lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath with cathedral ceiling, fireplace in pane? fam ily room,carpeted, large patio, cu l-de -sac lotw ith a privacy fence. Convenient to Madison High. 
$39,9oo. 

8722 Eddington Spacious 2 story with 2o ft. master bed­ room, upstairs TV or study area for the younger set. Three bedrooms, fireplace in fam ily room, completely and kitchen has lots o f work space and cabinets. 
$49,9oo. 
349- 4373L B 

SELLING? CALL FOR FREE BROCHURE 

CASTIE HILLS 
IM M A C U LA T E 
3 bedroom, 
2Vt baffy inside corner fireplace in family room with many built-ins. luxury carpeting and sparkling living and dining. Covered potto, low tax structure, convenient to malls and expressway, lovely trees on over sized corner lot. 
HELOTES 

RESTO RED IOO year old charmer with 2 original rock fireplaces. large bedroom (Could be tow), I bath, modern kitchen, dressing area and bath 
New roof and wiring. Secluded with view. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOM ES 
6 9 1 - 1 1 2 1 3 4 1 - 9 1 9 1 
6 5 6 - 5 5 2 o 

CHURCHILL ESTATES 
A Gallery entrance invitee you into the spacious elegance of 
1719 
Typhoon 
Other luxury features of this 4 bedroom, 2 hath home include: 
■ MASTER 
BEDROOM 
WITH 
SUNKEN TU8 and private patio 
■ Penniiula kitchen with mony built-ins and adjoining break fait nook 
■ Large living area with fireplace and dear story 
■ Formal dining room 
■ Beautifully landscaped atrium 
■ Utility room, storage room, and many huge closets 
■ Northeast Schools 
■ 2593 Sq. Ft of luxury living 
- $81 575 
Built by Remora Homes Inc., 
Marketed exclusively by 

 b u i l d e r ' s 

 r e a l t y 

655-6351 

 f GARDEN OF EDEN'j 
Charming 4 bedroom home with FANTASTIC island kit­ chen, white brick fireplace in living room, large bay win­ dow in dining room, custom drapes, fabulous backyard with covered potio, fruit trees, fountain and loo much more to mention. Convenient to Medical Center. A show­ place inside and out. 
$56,ooo. 

F a m i l y 

R e a l t y 
732-81 I y 

C A L L Q U IC K this all brick 3-2-2 in Science P ark won t lost long. Central heat and a ir, e n c lo se d p a tio on la r g e corner lot. $31,ooo on open terms. 
341 4484 
REO CARPET 

D c r Run, ow ner, 3 b ed room , stove, re frig .. with ic e m a k e r, carpeting, window guards, shed, fenced yard. Under $24,ooo. Equi­ ty $6,5oo, p a y m e n ts $159. mo. 
681-2398, 684-3366. 

5675 C ASH is all it fakes to aet into 
______ r this beautiful $45,ooo home. Car- co rn in g cooktop, self cle a n in g bef, appliances and F IR E P L A C E , oven. V ac a n t sp a rk lin g clean, waiting for ifs new owner. 24 hour security. 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

Call now! 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

ROSOW A KLINE Si 
R E A L T O R S 5o Years of T R U S T 
DaV( 

CASTLE HILLS 

DELLVIEW DOLL 
1 This immaculate 2 bedroom borne 
! is a pleasure to see. Carpets and drapes, covered patio. N ear W on­ derland and busline. D o n ’t m iss this one. 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider Realty 
696-72oo 

UNIVERSITY HILLS 
HOLD O N 76 
DON T pay today s price of $57,5oo for this one! Lorqe wooded cornec lot sets off this custom-built con­ temporary home Deluxe in every aspect, wetbor, double oven, fireplace, 18X28 living orea, lorge kitchen and eating oreo, 3 bdrm, 2 both, come see the rest! Selling now for 1976 price $54,75o. Buy today and hove your profit in this fast appreciating area 
D O U G LA S LEWIS 
QUALITY BUILT HOM ES 
3 42 -7 3 2 4 
O pen e veryd ay 12-6 
North on Mf IO, Itft on 16o4 past UTSA, right on White Fawn, left on Shady 
Hollow to 1 Far Sole" signs. 

I* 
EXECUTIVE 
J 
I COUNTRY ESTATES, 

J * I acre ★ 3 bedroom ★ wood "J 
J burning fireplace 
* covered "X 
J polio * mony extras * q u ie ti 
* country living with all the city M conveniences * no city loxes * ★ 
"t* one of a kind * wooded lot + ★ purchase before price increase • -k 
♦ a bargain $62,8oo 
'i t 
VA financing available. 
•¥ 

Call 
TOM H O T M A N 
684-3113 
1646 ROB ROY 

 u s - H o m e 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

R O O M F O R E V E R Y O N E un this beautiful 2 story contem ­ p o ra ry home. S b ed room s, 7' t baths, one large living area with fireplace and w etbar. separate dining room. Bright kitchen with breakfast area. Y o u n gste rs con enjoy game room and profession­ a lly la n d sc a p e d y a rd . 
C a ll 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs ol T R U ST 

Customized all brick 2 bedroom, 2 both home on 1.2 Acres. 2 living a re as with fire p lac e ir fam ily jroom All new appliances recently 
(installed 
2 P a tio s and double garage plus extra parking pad iC o u n fry -iiv in q on the edge of town 
For viewing call 342-4115 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

I bedrooms, 2 decorator baths. J car garage, separate living ana dinirg room, lorge fam ily room. 
Beautiful land scap ed yard. E x ­ ceptional value. $66,ooo 
Reese Henry 
R E A L T O R 
655-3584 
Anytime 

A Home tor Al! Reasons 
Log burning fireplace dominates country sized den. Separate for- j m al living, c irc u la r kitchen, 3 
I large bedroom s All surrounded bv brick and cedar Private front cou rtya rd , well kept gro u n d s, j Low 4o’s. 
! S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

B R E E Z E W OOD. Im m aculate all brick, J bedrooms, 2 tile baths, 2 c a r g a ra g e , ce n tra l a ir heat, w a sh e r -d ry e r conn. S e c u rity fence. S.25 interest, eauity and a ssu m e or re fin an ce , p re se n t p aym ents $143. mo. N e ar M ed 
Center. Schools. Priced $31,ooo. coli 434 34o1. 

 owner, 3-2-2, large lot, large 
N ew ce n tra l air, a ssu m e 
V -A lo a n , w ith $2o8. m o p a y m e n ts. $31,ooo E q u ity , or refinance $49,5oo 341-8776 
C A S T L E H IL L S 
By Owner, No down paym ent to 
Vet. Beautiful stone 3-2-2. large den, fireplace, prospective buyer con choose colors for new carpet. 
M ust sell 494 3229, 341-8134 

I 
SAM PFORR HILLS 
A big yard and a beautifully clean 
(3 bedroom home, separate living and dining, sp a c io u s den with 
'fireplace, sp rin k le rs, 341-72o1, nites 342 o829 Ask for V IR G IN IA 
N E IN D O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S 
L a rg e back yard , 4 bedroom s, single living orea with Ip, popular n e ig h b o rh o o d 
P ric e d at only 
$48,5oo. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

SCHOOL’S OUT 
Alm ost A ttrctive 4 bedroom . 2 bath, den. fire p la c e , sto ra g e space, and m u ch m ore lo see. 
Y o u 'll gleem o v e r this d re a m 
{house and watch your wife s eves sparkle 
824-2391 (Anytime) 

WINDCREST ELEMENTRY? 
This delightful 4 bedroom home with new carpeting and 2 living a re a s w ill a n sw e r yo u r c h ild ’s school problem. Double garage, lorge kitchen and lovely yard with privacy fence. Available soon and under $39,ooo 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S W olzem Ofc 
W IN D C R E S T - lf you've got »he m o n e y , w e 'v e got the tim e. 
D re a m hom e a nyone w ould be p ro u d to own. 4 bed room . 2 'i baths, centra! heat-air. All brick home, large den with fireplace. 
Private fence. 264o sa ft of floor space Wall lo wall carpet, island kitcnen, self cleaning oven, dish­ washer, garbage disposal. Other brokers welcome to work with us on th is p r o p e r t y 
C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E S T A T E , 732 2918, 
732 5355. 228 91o4 

A JEWEL! 
S p a r k lin g 3 b e d ro o m , 2 bath 
Fam ily room, form al living room, garage ducted for heat and air. 
Close to schools and shopping. 
$33,9oo 681 3222, nites 344-2437. 
REALTY WORLD 
B ill S o u t h e rn _________ 
A L L E N A V IL L A G E • 3 Bedroom, 
I both, double garage In good neighborhood. 
333-4144 
N 'les 333-6143 
C e n tu ry 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

B R IC K ’N C E D A R 4 bedroom, 2 bath home has form al living room plus birch paneled fam ily room, open lo kitchen! Patio too! 
O P E N T IL S P M M O N -F R I 
$34,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 
B U IL D E R S C L O S E O U T! H urry 
H urry and take advantage of this low price, Quality built for e n e rg y conscience buyer. L a rg e single liv in g a re a , fire p la c e , 3 be 
I drooms, 2 baths, $33,9oo 
RED CARPET 
1342 31 11 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 

A L L E N A V IL L A G E 
N e a r O lm o s and N im itz, 3 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths. N ice paneled 

SY OWNER 
B A B C O C K N O R T H . 3-2-2, living- d in in g , den 
C a rp e tin g , h u g e backyard with priv fence, corner lot. $29,5oo Assum e $23o mo at 7 % interest. $75oo equity or conv; 
696-5676. 
B y ow ner, B a b c o c k N o rth , 3 bdrm , 2’ , bath, carpeted, $5ooo family room with fireplace Noth- I equity- ossum e loan at 
7% ing down VA. Smot! down PHA, 
! 828-69o7 
R O Y A L CRO W N 
533-9131 
924-5567 

Windcrest 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, 2 living areas, fam ily room with fireplace, im m aculate condition 
Priced to sell. $57,2oo 
Reese Henry 

An Adventure in Space 
Brick fireploced den, handy din­ ing, formal living, bright circular kitchen. All this surrounded by 3 la rg e co m fo rta b le b e d ro o m s. 
Skylit bath in form al entry. Close to Med Center, low 4o's 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
A N E W B U Y - Just $375o down. total price $44,ooo. In M a rsh a ll 
M eadow s. 3-2-2. O w ner leaving town, make ofter! 
Pioneer Realty 684-4211 

By owner, 2 bdrm, I both home at 
2511 Delgado. Clean, large yard, fenced, quiet neighborhood, elm school I blk 733-o353. 
B Y O W N E R 
B e a u tifu l 3 be 
| droom, 2 bath, living room and paneled den. Assum e $177 month- j Iv paym ent + equity or purchase tor only $34,5oo 7126 Desilu. 5 i Min. from M ed Center 684 29o7 

Assum e 4' j % $7ooo loan- $28,ooo cash buys 3-2-2. 4o6 Shadyview , conv, finan, avail. 732-3963 

Realtor 
655-3584 
Anytime 

Oeanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Austin Hwy Ole 
S H E A R E R H IL L S 
N E W L IS T IN G ! Sp a cio u s 3 be 

WINDCREST 
Uetter than new! 4 Bedroom , 3 bath, with a unique floor plan. 
M any extra features. G ary pool, 
62o6 H IC K O R Y H O LLO W Priced at $1o3,9oo 655-69oo, Joe M cC a f 
(rev 824 2385 
SE IT Z 
& 
ASSOC 
_______ R E A L T O R S _______ 
W IN D SO R S Q U A R E 4 bedroom, 
2 both. range, refrig, g a rb a g e disposal, attached garage E q u i­ ty, a ss u m e m o n th ly p a y m e n t 
$19o. 8 « int $24,ooo. Call for de 
M L * ! C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
Kitchen,'$29,9oo 696-7169 

A W H O LE P A G E could be written about this Colonial home in Castle 
Hills Estates., spacious ond com ­ fortable. with the m aster suite d o w n s ta irs, 4 b e d ro o m s, u p ­ stairs! Living, dining and fam ily room s with bay w indow s, fire ­ place. . lots of terrazzo and stor­ age galore! Separate, m atching party house or second garage. 
M any more extras! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$149,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

B a b c o c k N orth, 3-2-1, carpet, | drapes, p riv a c y fence, ga rd e n j 

B Y O W N E R - 3-1-1, cen tral a ir ­ head newly painted. N E schools. 
Conv or VA. 344 o428 

CASTLE HILLS ESTATES 
M A G N IF IC E N T One of a kind. 
Millwork like furniture, a garden room with cathedral ceiling, slate floor, 
3-2, airs 
826-2439, 
R E A L T O R 
JONES •KING 

’DOLL HOUSE* 
J bedroom, 2 bath, redecorated. 
In and out. Quiet neighborhood. 
One block to bus. N .E. schools 
Priced at $24,5oo. Call now. 
924-4288TOM GARRISON673-74o7 
D O L L H O U S E - J u s t off V a n c e 
Jackso n at Loop 41o. Sq u e a ky clean! 3 Bedroom s, large trees, fenced yard. O n ly $22,5oo Any type financing. 656-1234 
RED CARPET 

► 

G R E E N L A W N P A R K 
Very nice 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with window security bars. Pretty yard. Excellent location. $29,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC. 

Of CENTRAL TEXAS 

 k i t i t i r 'k 'k y e - i r 'k i c i r k i t H 

ANOTHER 
JEFFERSON JACKPOT! 

The last one sold in 2 DAYS! White stuico, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, separate dining and living rooms, country kitchen. 
Huge covered potio, fenced, trees. City bus 2 blks. 
Walk to schools. NO DOWN PAYMENT 
TO VETS. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-621 I 

L E O N S P R IN G S 
E X E C U T IV E H O M E 
5ooo sa ft m ansion on 65.7 free covered acres. This home is both elegant and private. Features 4 large bedroom s plus study, all se p a ra te liv in g a re a s, fam ily room is 35x22 w ith fire p lac e . 
E v e ry lu xu ry available can be found here. An experience in liv­ ing for those who can afford. Coll for details. Also have other luxur­ ious homes on sm aller acreage 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 

N E W L IS T IN G 
[ 3-2-2 in Forest Oaks. Large treed corner lot. New wall to wall, new central air, covered potio and fenced freed yard . C a th e d ra l ceiling in family room and priced at 536,5oo. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341-5423 
REO CARPET 

New N.W. MALL 
Just around the corner from this 
3-2-2, in F o rre s t Glen. A ll a p ­ pliances stay. N ice corn e r lot, re a d y to m o ve in to fo r ju st 
$35,9oo Cal! now. 
736-4426 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-Jefferson Ofc 
N IC E Q U IE T N E IG H B O R H O O D 
Immoculote 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 car carport in Forest Glen. C a r­ peting, beamed ceiling, most ap­ pliances, lorge covered potio in fenced yard and M O R E ! 675-2152. 
RED CARPET 
_________R E A L T O R S ___________ 
NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can buy. Vets don’t use their eligibility. 3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths, som e with air and all ap­ pliances. Paym ents less than rent 
BO B D eP A O LO 
344-3o91__________________ R E A L T O R 
NO MO. PAYMENTS! 
(W ITH 1oo% DO W N ) 
5-4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3-4 BATHS! 
7 m odels open doily, *72,5oo to 
*115,ooo, 1o% or 2o% down, will trade, Oak Valley-Oak Creek HW out Vance Jackson at Callaghan 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 

631-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
L E O N V A L L E Y , 4 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 story, b rick home, fire­ place, big family room, excellent schools, privacy fence. By owner, 
733-7689, 222-1471. 

• CASTLE H ILLS* 
Flowered, bricked arbor entry to this brick one story. 4-3-2, exciting glassed fam ily room (F P ), living, dining, breakfast room. Electric thruout Sprinkler sys. N ear the malls. *73,5oo. 826-2347. 
Thelma B. Pressman 
C A S T L E H IL L S under $54,ooo 
Huge gam e room and separate family room plus large 11 acre yard is just part of 4-2-2 in Lee area. 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 

Describes this J bedroom home in desireable Colonies North Living room • dining room , with b rick w all, d iv id in g a la rg e fa m ily room, allow ing for great v e rsa ­ tility, in living and entertaining. 
You m ust see this hom e to a p ­ preciate it s livability. Call today. 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -Bandera Rd. Ofc 
C H A R T E R O A K S -B Y O W N E R 
3-2 P lu s den and stud y p lu s much more, met 69 trees! 696-7344 

B y o w n e r, D e e r R u n , 3-2-1, privacy fence, carpet, appliances, 
524,9oo. No agents please. 5715 
Swift Creek. 684-6816. 
B Y O W N E R Dellview 2-t. large lot with 17 large 
349-2283 

Extra trees. 

•BY OWNER* 
D R E A M L A N D O A K S 
3 Bedroom, 4 bath, Saltillo tile and carnet, huge m aster bedroom ond bath, lorge gam e room, wet bar, attached utility b uilding, la rge yard. Patio, m any trees. V e ry p riv a te 
295o Sa 
Pl. N E IS D , 
$71,9oo 
By appointment only, 
349-2oo7 
B Y O W N E R - F O R E S T G L E N . 
I 3-2-2, J« Stucco. C o rn e r Trees. 
I Privacy fence. $7,3oo equity F H A 
7% or $34,ooo 681-1726 

SY OWNER? 

{landscaped lot! L arge living with jfireploce . separate 
(dining. 25x2o covered polio with bbq and sink $48 ooo 
69o-98o2 
I GREAT AMERICA 

1 
R E A L T O R S 
Sierra N 3 bedroom, 2 full baths, fenced yard, N E schools, $23,5oo 
653 3385 or 826 1121_______________ 
S P A C IO U S TW O L IV IN G A R E A 
H O M E ! Designed for fam ily liv­ ing Large living room with fire­ place. 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, room y ga rd e n kitchen. L a r g e fam ily room with e ating area. P ric e d right $41,ooo 494 7651 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
R EA LTO R S-5o Y e ars of T R U ST 
2 S T O R Y , E l D o ra d o , 4-2-2, seo p o ro te liv in g room , d in in g room, 225o sq.ft., custom draped, carpeting, intercom, large fenced yard, by owner. M id 5o's. 653-438? 

SOPER PRICED FOR... 
San Pedro Hills and a 4 bedroom I all brick home. E x tra lorge fire­ place, over 22oo sq. ft. and selling, I lor 557,55o. Com pare and buy this I fine home Nites, 433-6658. 
349-4343 Anytim e 
Oeanie Owens Co 

E S T A T E , 732 2918, 732 5355 

Woodlake, By Owner 
3-2-2, Carpeted, central air heat, low equity, m ake offer. Call atter 
SPM, 333-3757.____________________ 
WOODLAKE 
Convenient to Ft. Sam and R a n ­ dolph 
V e ry n ic e 3 - l 'j - l p lu s fam ily room , built in kitchen, drapes, extra large lot, easy to ' a ssu m e . 
O w n e r w ill c a r r y . : 
822-1552. 661-6369. 
NORTHEAST REALTY 

Free brochure tells how buyers a n d s e lle r s p ro fit fro m 
Hom eow ner M arke tin g Service. 
B A B C O C K N O R T H 
Luxury fownhome, 2 bedroom, 2' z I N o 'sa lM m o n S 
T 
U 
S n 
' baths, plush carpeting, balcony 
No salesm an will coll 349-4373 and m ore. No dow n p a y m e n t required M id 2o's. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

By Owner, 3-2-2, Fruit trees, cul- de-sac. M any other extras. The 
Summit. 69o-9699 

R E A L T O R S-B lo n co Rd. Ofc 

W O O D L A K E $5oo DO W N 
Corner brick-cedar 3-2-2 large 
Livingdining room, dinette in kitchen, fam ily room, $38,975. j 
344-5564 Hart M cCorm ick 344-2993 

WODDLAKE-No Down 
Anyone 
Luxury 
3-2-2. 
Only 
538,975. 
828 4545 P R I A K O S RLTY654-o97S 

YOUNG AT HEART 
Owners must sell, m oving out of town. Open term s on fhis cul-de- sac b rick and a sb e sto s 3-11 j-I ; with new carpet, central heat-air 
Beautiful large yard, m any trees, i fenced. 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684-7171 
699-oo66 
654-64o8 

BARGAIN VA ASSUMPTION 
WILDWOOD 
By owner, 6 mo old 4 bedrooms, 2 bath, fenced yard with large oaks and flowering shrubs, m icrowave oven and other appl, den with fireplace, form al living-din ing, 
5S9oo equity 684-2512 bv app t 

BEAUTIFUL OAK HILLS 
A super clean 3 bedroom. 2 bath b ric k h om e on a c o r n e r lot, paneled den, m aids room with % 
P bath, carpeting. 341 72o1, nites : M any extras. Reasonable equity. 
822-1757 
R E A L T O R 
A sk tor . No agents 674-6858 

CLASSIC BEAUTY 
5 b e d ro o m s, 3 % b a th s lu x u ry hom e. On a b e a u tifu lly la n d s ­ caped corner with giant oak trees. 
M a n y, m a n y e x tra s! 342-4177, nites 735-1535 
REALTY WORLD 
B ill S o u t h e r n 

B Y O W N E R -H E R IT A G E F A R M 
3-2' a-2 Townhouse. Walk to tennis, pool ond pond. B a y w indow , 2 
! fireplaces, one In 12x2o m aster 1 
‘ 

 a s x u ".- t i i r w r i ^ a n y T .m e 
675-oo15________________________ 

BY oWME8 HERITAGE FARM 
Spacious well designed +2-2 home with city view, living-dinim g room and large country garden kitchen, heated paneled family room with cathedfal ceiling and fireplace. 
Covered patio, facing nice yard with trees and p riv a c y fence. 

C L A S S IC E L E G A N C E ! An out­ standing brick home and lovely te rr a c e o re re fle c te d in the waters of the heated pool all set on park-like grounds. 5 bedrooms, 
4 b a th s, a stu d y or o ffice - 
.spacious, form al living and din­ ing room s...both fam ily and play rooms have fireplaces and beau­ tiful, nutm eg paneling! A truly fine home with plush appointments! 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$159,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

CLEAN OLDER HOME 
2-2-2, tip top condition, oversized g a ra g e with shop and sto ra ge area. Custom kitchen cabinets, newly painted, large den Perfect j tor retired couple. Central heat ' and air. L.A. Hgts, Near bus and 

DRASTIC REDUCTION 
A ll brick, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fam ily room , c e n tra l heat-air. 
Vacant. Castle P a rk off Lockhill 
Selma. $35,5oo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T . ..1oo% rock home with cedar shake roof, has fireploced fam ily room, for­ m al living, dining ro o m s...3 be­ droom s (dressing room tool). 
O P E N T IL 8 P M M O N -F R I 
$61,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-777^ 

 g g f t 

E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T ! New of­ fe rin g of this d e c o ra te d 4 b e ­ d room , 2 bath hom e. F o r m a l living and separate dining room, plus cozy family room. Covered pat overlooks beautifully lan d s­ caped patio treed garden. Priced 
$63,5oo. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
' 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LT O R S-5o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
E N C H A N T E D V IL L A G E . Relax and enjoy carefree living in this sp a c io u s 3 b e d ro o m , 2 % bath condominium. E xtra shady front yard, m any native trees. Walk to club hou se and pool. $45,ooo. 
49+7651 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R EA LT O R S-5o Y e ars of T R U S T 

H A R M O N Y H ILLS...3 bedroom, 2 bath home has form al living room plus fam ilyroom - kitchen...built-in appliances! Patio 16x11! 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
539,9oo, 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

HARMONY KILLS 

FOR THE YOUNG 
FAMILY 

Precious 3 bedroom, 2 both coun­ try kitchen, lovely new kitchen trash compactor, and large cover­ ed patio All far $26,5oo. 

349-5111 
3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 

VE AME OWENS CO 
North Central Ofc. 

NORTHWEST 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, no dow n payment, SI96 plus taxes and in- surnace. We have others. Coll for details. 82+4521, nites 67+o744 
Turner Realty 

NOW’S THE TIME to talk otters. This owner is anx­ ious. b ric k cu stom b u ilt 3 b e ­ d room C o n te m p o ra ry hom e in. 
Castle Hills. Huge den with fire­ place, $67,ooo. 34+8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 

OAK GLEN PARK 

3-2-2, com pletely remodeled. 
New roof, kitchen, carpeting, fireplace in fam ily room, cen­ tra! heat air, private patio. 
O W N E R -A G E N T 
344-73o8 

EXETREMELY LOVELY 
CONTEMPORARY 
Beautiful landscaped lot, m any trees and patio. Sits high with lovely view of the city. 4-3+ ats and pool. 82+ 5279, 826-3738 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
82+8673 Anytim e 

FOREST OAKS AREA 
Would you believe only $37,9oo tor this privacy- fenced hqme with a bright, open and airy floorpian? 
Enjoy the fireploced fam ily room. 
Also have Colonial ch arm er tor some price. 

FOREST OAKS 
Lovely 3 bedroom home, located on a huge cul-de-sac lot in pres­ tigious N.W. area. Hom e features la rg e sin g le liv in g a re a with paneled walls, cou ntry kitchen and privacy fenced yard. Call 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytime 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
5 'j a c r e s w ith h o rse s ta lls. I 
Country hom e with 3 fireplaces and lots of charm . 3 bedroom, 3 I bath. Own water well. *98,ooo 
C A L L 494-5227 
Arm strong Co 
R E A L T O R S _________________ M L S 
H IL L T O P H A L F A C R E with a sp a cio u s, b e a u tifu lly paneled, module home with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths...2 enorm ous patios, 
2S I oaks! 
O P E N T IL 8 P M M O N -F R I 
$29,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo j 
Guy Chipman Co 

Hollywood Pork, bv owner. Con- j tem porory 3-2-2, large living area, ; o v e r 'z a c r e la n d sc a p e d tot. I 
$57,5oo. 343 D O N E L L A , 494-3158 

Jefferson Area 
3 Bedroom s, TVa baths, off B a b ­ cock Rd. Call for appointm ent, 
69+992o or 927-6348. 
Hohenberger-Collins Co. 

JEFFERSON 
3 bedroom s, 2 bath hom e with fireplace, new kitchen and extra lot. Priced of $35,ooo. 
699-1ooo Anyfime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R EA LT O R S-T u rtle Creek Ofc 

JEFFERSON HIGH 
A Charm ing 3 bedroom with large fa m ily room , nice q u ie t neighborhood. Only $23,5oo. C A L L 
NOW! 
PARK LIKE GROUNDS su rro u n d 3 bedroom s. 2 baths, stucco hom e on alm ost I acre. 
Priced $53,ooo. 434-3185 
C e n tu ry 21 
D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 

L E O N V A L L E Y A R E A 
Low taxes. Near Medical Center. 
Brick 3-2-2, all carpeted, large 
I den and living, big patio area, o v e rlo o k in g la n d sc a p e d ya rd . 
Low equity, low interest, low 3o's 
R O L L IN G R ID G E 
' Popular area inside 41o and close 
I to Medical Complex, fully corpet- 
| ed 3-2-2 with fam ily room, large 
I tree shaded yard, all extras. Mid i 3o’s. See this tine home 
F O R E S T O A K S 
Vacant and clean, brick 4-2-2 with {Alm ost 19oo sq. ft., one story, 4 
I fireplace in den. Living area, view 1 bedrooms, 2 % bath home on large 
I and trees. $42,2oo. A n oth e r at corner lot with garden curbing, 
*43,5oo with low interest. 
'electric garage opener, big lot, fireplace, court yard, dining area f * ' 
| a > i 
I and more. Priced to sell. 
W 
C l l l U r y Z I 
349-1436 Anytime 
Whitehead-Holiday 
68+3711 
R E A L T O R S I 

LETS GO SWIMMING 
o„k 
On top of the hill in this oversized privacy fenced, custom drapes, pool. E n io y the la rge fireplace j 7j4 assumpt ion. 492-2951. 
; family room. Florida room ad all ------------------------------------------------ 
DrT 
: “ » . : r : o r off bander* 
V * 6 f l T U l Y i i 
D arling 2 bedroom , dining, fire- 
Schneider Realty 
69+72oo I p'oce, extra storage. Only $15,95o. 
JU IIIC IU H BC T IH T 
R E A L T O R S 
735-2276 

INC, R E A L T O R S 

696-72oo j 
Let us P O IN T you to a great den' 
4 bdrm., IV* baths, carpet, N.S. schools, $55o + down., $175 mo. 
No city taxes. 675-1691, 342-7435 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Beautiful home in choice location. 
Trees Galore! 3 bedroom s, with office (4th BR). M any built-ins in fam ily room and office. L a rg e yard. Low priced at $59,ooo. Nites 
49+1832. 
349-4343 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-B lo n co Rd. Ofc 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

O N B L U F F o v e r lo o k in g g o lf course. M agnificent 2 story con­ temporary with pool. 4 bedrooms, study, living, dining, and gam er- oom. Views! Views! Views! 

E L E G A N T R O C K H O M E on % acre. Deck oft forma! living and dining room overlooks gorgeous pool area. M aster suite up, 3 be­ drooms and gam eroom down. 

JU ST C O M P L E T E D . 22o Alcalde 
Moreno. White brick traditional. 
4-2’?-2 with light ond airy colors throughout. A lm o st 25oo sq.ft. 
$89,5 OO. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Arm strong Co 

K E N tfY O A K S B E A U T Y 
F irst tim e on m arket, lo rg e 2 story rock, 4-2-2, fully carpeted, even la rge den and living, big oaks trees covered huge patio. 
Only $54,9oo 
M E D IC A L C E N T E R A R E A 
Lots of room in these 2 homes, both have 4 bedroom s, 2 baths with la rg e fam ily room s, I on corner, I on huge tree covered lot. 
$48,5oo and $77,5oo 
B R A U N S T A T IO N 
Like new, low equity, low interest, huge single living area with fire­ place. 3-2-2. Near pool and tennis. { 
Only $43,8oo. So be auick! 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

•Loma Park Picnic Time 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, den covered patio, 3oX15. F H A or VA- only 
$17,ooo. 
N O R T H S ID E R E A L T Y 
732-o961 Anytim e 734-o772 
LO O K W H A T ’S N E W in M onte 
Vista! This newly listed home is one of the lovliest, most graceful of the Spanish style homes found in this area of restored hom es! 
The fireplaced living room opens to a wailed patio... d ining and fam ily room s plus 4 bed room s and guesthouse. 
O P E N T IL 8P M M O N -F R I 
$96,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
82+9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

LO V E L Y , T IL E D F IR E P L A C E in fam ily room of 3 bedroom , 2% j bath home... forma! living room. I 
Patio with scenic view! 
24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
$46,2oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo j 
Guy Chipman Co 

M A J E S T IC C O L O N IA L H O M E with com m anding view high on 
Inspiration Hills $22,ooo. equity and $29o. To see coll 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
M A N S IO N IN T H E S K Y 
U nb elieveable hom e and view 

K I D N E Y S H A P E D 
P O O L is I t ig r a J s V a ’iT m o n t^ o M V h ?o**6 fenced for sa.e tv! c h a rm ,n u . 
" ^ ^ T h e S ^ m 
! V * bath, 2 fireplaces, guest house. A m ust see for those you wont the besl. 

R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

V A N C E H IL L 
■UHUH FLOUBMOY UMC 
3 Bedroom , 2-Bath, beautifully rem odeled inside and out. New carpet thougbout. O P E N e v e r - {g a ra g e , den a n d fire p la c e 

212-HOMESNORTHWEST 
S W IM 
In your own pool. Entertain for­ mally in your liv-din combination or in fo rm a lly in den. Flexib le terms, Imm. occupancy. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_________R E A L T O R S ___________ j 
THI N U M B E R TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 o 6 
E X PR E SS A N O N E W S 

A F I R E P L A C E h ig h lig h ts the oversized liv in g area of this 3 bedroom, bath and a half, single garage home. Central heat and air, fenced y a rd O nly $275 to m ove in with p a ym e n t cf only 
$175, 681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

C A H 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

 ydoy 4823 Newcome, 341-4538. 

5 BEDROOMS! 5 BATHS! 
35oD SQ FT! POOL! j 1o8x188 lot, appraised at $1o7,ooo, 
4o18 W illow b rook. In sp ira tio n 
Hills. Will trade or m ake an ofter! 
Open daily 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
696-833o 

BEDROOM WITH BALCONY 
Fireplace in the large single liv­ ing area. California kitchen over­ looks the scrum ptious b a c kya rd full of oaks. Just like new. Priced in the mid 4o $. 

! By Owner- Hollywood Park. Cos- i tom built 3-2-2 Red brick rn excel- I tent co n d itio n . I liv in g o re a , spacious master 494-3o86________ 
Sy Owner- Hollywood Pork 
AM brick 3 bedroom, 2 both, double i 

49+3168 

BY OWNER in M ission Trace, luxury garden hom e, 4-2-2, 245o sa ft. 24 H r security. For appoint. 69o-8718, 
92+8371___________________________ 
By owner, 3-2, living ond fomily room s, country kitchen Corner 
I lof-view. Close lo schools. Thun­ derbird Village area $29,9oo. By appt only 
432-o123 att 
' 6-Weekends.______________________ 
B Y O W N E R - 7 1 j % Loan. 3 be­ droom, 2 bath, dining room, large fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e . 
Townview 
Estates. 224-6554 or 
681 3385 
____________________ 

 f O R EAST RESULTS 
PLACE T O U R W A N T AO 
IN THE EX PR E SS N E W S 
C A IL 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

C M F U R R CO. 
Specializing in Northside H om es' 
733-7141__________________ 344-1633 

COLONIAL HILLS 
E a r l y A m e r ic a b e a u ty . 3 b e ­ drooms, very lorge living room, separate dining, den with fire ­ p lace , office. 341-72o1, n ite s 
341-8294. R E A L T O R S 
JP M FLOURNOY IHC 
C O M E H O M E 
E A R L Y A N D 
R E L A X Beautiful tree shad ed 
I y a rd , y o u r v e g ta b te g a rd e n , greenhouse. This well priced 4 bedroom, 2 bath brick home has firepiaced den, form al area, walk 
; to pool a n d te n n is c o u rts fo r , family fun. 
__________________________ 696-5o77 ' 

CONTEMPORARY HOME i 4-2’ 2-2, la rg e liv in g -d e n w ith 
: fireplace, playroom . Located on 
: % acre (tree studded) lot in K in gs j 
G ra n t F o re st. D a y s 224-7581, ! 
349-1518 eves and weekends______ 
C O R N E R LO T Bargain hunter s | delight! Equity of $34oo and $232 I m o b u y s this just liste d 3 be- 
'd ro o m , 2 bath, sin g le g a ra g e home near U T SA , M ed Center, and 
U SAA. 
Quick possession! 
681-o66o. 

GLAMOROUS 
H acienda-nestled a m o n g g a in ! live o a k s on 6 1'* a c re s in H ill 
C o u n try V illage . D e sig n e d for comfort ond eaze of entertaining. 
Y o u ’ll love every inch of this 4 bedrcom, 3V* baths home Plenty of space for children and horses too! 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
G L E N O A K S 
Lorge 4 bedroom , 2 bath hom e with double garage, landscaped yard with large trees. Priced to sell. M id 3o‘s. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
4-3 Good as house or apartm ents 
V A appraised. 917 W. 
Poplar. 
65+3133 

REO CARPET 

835,7oo 
G ood b u y 519 G ra y b o . 3 b e ­ drooms, 2 baths, den, form al liv­ ing room, neat and clean 
Jean M artin 34+2341, 494-2o27 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
’73 G R A N T O R IN O loaded, good condition. $ 1695 349-7464_________ 

P l A C I T O U R W A N T AD 
IN THE EX PRE SS N E W S 
C A I I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

H O L LY W O O D P A R K 
Room for pool - tennis - horses on 
I 1 * acres of oaks. Solar home 3-3 den, fireplace, polios. Bv owner. { 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 49+3644 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K - 
N E W 
L IS T IN G ! Beautiful sp aciou s 4 b ed room . 2 % both hom e on corner lot. Separate living, fam ily j and d in in g ro o m s. F ire p la c e . I 
Loads of closets and cabinets 
Side entry garage, plenty of room for boat. Saueaky clean and at a price you can't resist. 49+7651 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LT O R S-5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
H O U SE B E A U T IF U L D iom atic entrance in this elegantly decor- > ated hom e. P lu sh c a rp e tin g , lavish use of glass and m irro rs with tall pillars separating formal 
Hying and dining room. Huge den with w et-bar o v e rlo o k in g tree sh ad e d lot. M a s t e r suite h a s 
Rom an tub of terrazo tile. A plea­ sure to see. 
Call 
342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KUME 
R E A LT Q R S-5o Y ears of T R U ST 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A 32' paneled den with fireplace and an 18 X 2o’ living room highlights this 3 be­ droom showplace located sr, tor ested lot. Priced for quick sale at 
523,ooo 681-o66o. 

RED CARPET 
I 
AND N lw s 

 fenced for safe ty! C h a rm in g , corner home has 3 bedroom s, 2 baths...living, dining room s plus family room with fireplace, open to kitchen! 
O P E N T IL 8PM M O N -F R I 
55o,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
82+9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

L A R G E 4 Bedroom , 2 both, car- pets, built-ins. $3,ooo equity, $232 mo. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
L A R G E L U X U R Y H O M E , large lot, large pool, large value for a low price. By Owner. 4 bedroom, 
21 j bath, %n acre lot, heated pool with d iv in g board. H o llyw o o d 
Park. 494-5349. 
L A R G E O L D E R 2 B E D R O O M 
2 bath home in excellent condition 
I with m arble fireplace, efficiency 
[ a p artm e n t in re a r plus green- 
' house. Only $28,pOO 
Family Realty 
732-8 TTT 

L A T T IC E C O V E R E D patio in a beautiful yard! 3 bedroom, 2 bath borne h as single liv in g area... , gold shag carpeting! 
24 HR T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
*33,75o. 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 I 
Guy Chipman Co 

L E E H IG H SC H O O LS 
I large living area, separate din­ ing, fully carpeted 3-2. N E W ON 
M A R K E T . $27,9oo. 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG 8, ASSO C 

NEAR ST. MARYS 
Large 4 bedroom, dining, central air, built-ins. Only $18,5oo. Terms. 
34!-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
826-6716 
LAUREN R BARNEBEV 

Century 21 
Whitehead-Holiday 
684-3711___________ 
R E A L T O R S 

14 MASSIVE BEDROOMS 2o’S 
A se n sib le p ric e fo r a fa m ily home. Cozy liming, bright sunny dining, exceptionally large back yard. Very well landscaped. 
S A N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
M E D C E N T E R , U S A A , U T SA . 
Lovely 75% brick 3 bedroom , 2 bath, d o u b le g a r a g e ho m e in model home condition. Fully car­ peted, a p p l, d ra p e s , p r iv a c y fenced. $34,5oo. 681-o66o. 

RED CARPET 

M E D IC A L C E N T E R A R E A 
B Y O W N E R 
4-2-2, Lg tam rm, with fireplace, fo rm a l d in in g , liv in g room , covered patio. Approx. 2,ooo sa. ft. $58,5oo. 681o K in g L o u is, 
696-7652 Otter 4PM._____________ 

MEDICAL CENTER-USAA 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 2’'j bath all brick home with separate living, dining and den with fireplace. 
Prestige location.________________ 
I 'M ! Med, Center, 2-1-2, fam ily room , h e a t-a ir, d ra p e s , ap- onances, $28,9oo. 69o-8357.________ 
Near ChurchiliTi-i'-i-l dollhouse. 
Fully carpeted, like new top-of- 
: th e -lin e OW , elec sto v e , se lf cleaning, re frig, and d isp osal. 
Very clean home, nice lorge yard w ith p r iv a c y fence. *29,5oo. 
Owner-ogent. Att 6pm, 344-9952. 
N E A R H O L M E S H IG H +3-2, Two story. *35o down. 
69+742o S L A T E R R L T Y 34+o936 
N E A R N O R T H S ID E elementary, middle schools! 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has living, dining rooms... ! family room, open lo patio! 
O P E N T IL 8P M M O N -F R I 
$43,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

LAUREN R BARNEBEY 
Owner, 6 large bedrooms, 3 baths, i sep arate living, dining, entry, la u n d ry , den, a n d m a s t e r 's quarters, fireplace, cul-de-sac, 
27oo sq.ft. U SA A and M ed Center. 
6411 
Longhouse 
Ct. 
684-746o. 
I $67,5oo. 
Owner, 1946 Texas, 3-2-t, carpet- ed, liv-din, den, central heat-air, utility rm. $26,9oo. 734-9586. 

OWNER TRANSFERRED 
M ost anxious to sell, 3 bedroom s, j 2 beth h im e in Deer Run. Low equity, and only $228 month. Good - rental property opportunity. 
349-1434 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 

 p a t i o R O O M of redw ood and glass! Fireplace, living and fam i­ ly rooms, 3 bedroom s (huge m a s­ ter suite!). 
Landscaped with rose s! 
O P E N T IL 8P M M O N -F R I 
$44,75o. 
R E A L T O R S 
681 29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 
P E R F E C T F A M IL Y H O M E ! 6 large bedroom s, 3 full com part­ mented baths, plus a study with built-in bookshelves. F orm al liv ­ in g a n d d in in g ro o m w ith fireplace. E x tra la rg e lot with o v e r 5o g ia n t o a k s. W a lk to e le m e n ta ry sch o o l. E x c e lle n t 
Northwest location. 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
R E A LT O R S-5o Years ot T R U ST 

4-PLEX 
: Come ond get it! 2-2 Bedroom s, 
I 2-T bedroom, N E School Dist. 
1 341-4491 
Nites 341-4/28, 684-4154 
G E O R G E FLO O D , R E A L T O R S 
R E A L L Y 
N O R T H W E S T ! 
In 
Boerne, Tx.! 3 bedroom , brick hom e w ith liv in g , d in in g a n d 
{fam ily ro o m s...covered patio, boat slab and storage bldg. in 
; fenced yard! i 24 HR. T E L E P H O N E S E R V IC E 
[ 529,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
344-oo22 
Guy Chipman Co 

REDUCED! 
2 or 3bedrom, 2 both, brick home. 
Woodlawn Hills. Central air and heat. 12 y e a rs old. Now , ju st 
I 539,85o. F H A -V A or conventional. 
Erie Nogei, 696-533o_____________ 

REDUCED! 
R O L L IN G R ID G E , 4-2-2, 192o sq.ft. all brick, full carpet, drapes, privacy fence, covered patio with, weibar and fireplace. M ust see to appreciate. Priced to sell! $46,95o. 
68+8554. . 
___________________ 
147 R O C K V A L L E Y 
“ 
JU S T L IS T E D , Volley Hi. 3 be droom , 2 bath, carport, living, dining and fam ily rooms. $22,5oo. 
VA, no down. Owner will pay part of closing. 
494-5571 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
R U S T IC C H A R M of ro c k and cedar. 3 bedroom, 2 both, Saltillo tile floors, loft overlooking large living area with fireplace. Quiet master bedroom with sunken tub in both, g a rd e n ro o m type covered patio. Located on tree studded lot in Stagecoach Hills. 
254o2 North Saddle Trail. 698-1191 

V IA CE Y O U R W A N I A D 
IN THE EX PR ESS N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

133o7635 

T E X A S S IZ E S A V IN G S . . . W ow s 

■BM 

 mmmmmm&m 

 c a n c r u m s 

W I T H O U T 

H A T ! C H A N E S 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 ffi-XBS&BEBPl ill? WBB-IIWTIWBT i n W B B -aB K W T 
1218 HBUSES-SOUTHWFST 
216 HOttStgS6«TMWEST 
SHAVANO PARK Pm* suburban living1 Sponish brick contemper cry nestled om-g h u t* M k t on nearly 3* Serb. 4 bedroom*, 3 tun ao'hs 
Mondsome tire p lo c e , otrtom, cothedrot ceilings high tight single living crim Spacious formal dining Sprinkler system, fenced, dual AC compressors 
LOW M i. 494-7651 ANYTIME 
I 
ROSOW o KLINE 
KEALTORS-5o Years of TRUST 
SH A VAO N PA RK 
This executive home in Shovano S £ 2 3 £ r SRI SIT 
Pork situated on a wanitmO 
*® * ■ 
Pork situated on o wooded acre 
Oufstondin# fa m ily room fea­ tures circulor wet bor, beamed ceiling and massive fireplace. 4 bedrooms, 3 'j baths BRAND 
HEW ON m a r k e t With owner saying sen AAP! SUS,OOO *9*-i4i 2 

FORTUM ASSOCIATES 
Shearer Hills. 3-2, playroom, new centra’ sir, mony trees on Sucre, convenient to all shopping By owner. >39,8oo. 344-4575 

J * J I NORTHWEST KOB *838 l a m b e t h -o p e n h o u s e s u n im a Owner most sen tuts lovely : 
3-2-2 with lame Hying, dining, and fam ily mom in Rolling Ridge! . 
Gorgeous kitchen you must set! S 
OPEN TERMS! j 
W 'lM - 4*4 74o3, 342 *343 13o 
.it 
HAM IC TO N -C harm m g older h«mo-l minute walk from 
Jefferson Excellent condition! central air-heat, new too roof beautiful oak hors, and fireplace 
J " "M f 3-3-2, plus 2 carports! 
$33,4oo. 
142-4343 
4* 3* 
SHADY DALE-1oo • brick, 4-2-21 has beautiful new carpeting, lush landscaping, MU sa ti, on invft- : mg covered patio! Tree*, te rre d D octor asking fa r this 
" • o a t V, 151,4oo. 
6 84- 8 o SO I 
342-4343 *731 SPRING HURST- I 
Newly weds! Convenient to UT- I 
J*, USAA on*) Mod Center! This 
3-2-2 has o leveli courtyard entry, large shade tortes, sunny garden kitchen and i large living area, 

HIW ON MARKET 
^inoculate ant) specious with hiegidi-e 
4-2-2 beauty in 
Lakeside inurn; payments S323 monthly This won t last (ana, 
S38. SOO Nttes ASA 4781 
Bf AUTIFUl LAKESIDE 
Something specioh 3-2-2, farmol 
Nving or inning coom plus spncious den with huge fireplace, privacy fenced, call to see this carpeted beauty, convenient to 
Kelly and Lockland. S39.2oo 
DAY OK NITE 
6 5 5 .6 8 4 8 

 r n 

 m a r t o n s o u t h w e s t r e s i t if 

214 HOUSES SOIlTHtAST 

A AA-1 d e a l -3 B edroom s, i baths, stove, S25o down East 
Centra! schools. 
696-/42o SLATER RLTY *o8-2116 

 a" b a r g a in - 3-2-o, in Highland 
Mills *175 mo Only *21o closing 
J & J REALTY *74-8883 Anytime 
ALL 
REALTY 
POR 
‘VA 
PROPERTY 
517 Avondale near Big M " 
924-42o4 
533-7417 
A NEW LISTING 
3-2-2. Dellcrest. Central air and heat I owner P araurt floors 
Pecan trees Covered patio Good neighborhood *3o-75o 
KotiekWa Reahv 349-3151 
3 Bedroom home completely in saluted, aluminum siding Excet- lent condition 327 Uvalde st. 

SOUNDS FISHY 
Because it s a whole of a buy. 3 bedrooms w ith sunken fa m ily mom and fireplace Located in a very desirable Northwest loca­ tion Selling for $32,ooo and only 
$1,45o down or no down on VA. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Realty 
A9A-77oo 
19oo SQ FT OF LUXURY in Forest Oaks Estates, this 4-2-2 has it all, from walk rn pantry to 
Florida Room. S55.3oo. Call now 
341-4484 

RED CARPET 
TEXAS SIZE grounds and home" 
Older rock 3-2-2-dsn, hobby room. 
:— ■---------— 
— late kitchen, fireplace. Many unit- a p p ra isa l- req nice 2 sual features of value. Buy today, ifs 25f pone ed/ *® ',:w®'1 carpel, redecorate your way *24-45o7 i *13,58o. By appt, 1-534 1324 
REQUA REALTY GO 

 lite 'No Hallie Caster 
Living in this large sunny patio home is a fru e lu x u ry , 3 Be­ drooms- 4 baths, glossed den, fireploced living, sunny garden kitchen. Mid 5o's 
SANDISON REALTY 
*99-92o1 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
Bv owner, *32,ooo or $43oo equity. 
3-2-2, carpeted, drapes. Tranter- ring-must sell! 481-2oo3. 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
A lovely older 3 bedroom, su r­ rounded by large shade trees 
Flexible terms and only *23,ooo 
Nites. 144-492*. 

ARTESIA PARK 

IOO' brick, 3 bedroom 2 bath 2 living areas, central heat and an bavary fenced Many trees, enly 
$27 OOO Mites, ASA-433? 
HOT WELLS 
Lovely 2 bedroom starter heme for young family Children con walk safely to school hire panel­ ed den with pass thru window to kitchen Utility teem. And fenced. 
$14,5oo Nites ASA758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
6 5 6 -5 5 2 o 6 9 1 .1 1 2 1 
3 *1 -9 1 9 1 

VALENCIA 
EARLY AMERICAN DELIGHT 
« large bedrooms, huge liv in g dining room. separate fa m ily room, pano with arbor *34 eon 
341-72o1. REALTORS 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
VALLEY HI- *1o3 HAZEL V A L­ 
LEY, lust oh Roy E lliso n Or 
Near New schools 3-1V*-1, sopor. ate dining, aoois, garage con­ verters to dan ar 4th bedroom, cent 
Oir-heat large corner It, fenced 
Bv opp' Sot-Sun Cat! any day aft 
A, 1-772-3428 

 m SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

Son Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977 

226 MRBAM PROPERTY 
226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 1?2» RESORT PRflPBITjB_ 

"228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

VALLEY HS NORTH. 3-2-2. i l l 
Threadneedle, 
*31.o68 
HOUSEBUYERS 734 *255 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

2 bedroom, I oath, d e liv e re d , 
*37oo. *38-1459 

Brand new custom bu.itt homes 
Only A left, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireplace, lot of extras Central oir-heat Must see to apprecate. 
Southeast, 2 min. Brooks, and IM 
37 *27,ooo do, V-A, FHA, Conven- tlawttl loons 342-728* anytime 

BY OWNER- Dellcrest All rock, all carpet, 3-2-2. Call *48-19o8 otter 
5 and weekends 
Bv Owner 3-2-1. Highland Hills 
VA appraised. 333-5*91, 311 Nosh. 
*888o Cosh, As Is 2 bedroom home on Steves. 924-8114, 333-342* 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 

CENTRAL HUT-418 
Brick 3 b e d im , lite M i , 

C e n t u r y 2 1 I citee to Bases and simp- 

DELANEY R_f A L T / *53-o55o p in g . 
SOI^SO 
T 8 PP8 C8 . 

SID,9oo. Maxine Hammond 

533-7183,534-767o 

68B JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

T H U N D E R B IR D SPECIAL. 
Don't miss seeing this neat 4 be­ drooms, 2 baths, IV* garoge, I block to elementary. 134,MO. 
*94-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

TIME TO SWIM 
Colonial on pretty landscpaed lot. 
4 large bedrooms. 3 boths, 2 f i r e 
- ___________________________ places, central heat-alr, beautiful i C harm ing older home 
W ell carpets and drapes 15x3o pool, many extras. 
824-4521, nites 
*74-o744 
Turner Realty 

TINKLING CRYSTAL CREEK I meondering post your doorstep 
All mosonry, 3 bedroom, 2 bath j home with maosive country-siied fireplace, separate 7oX3o work- I shop, p riva cy plus. Won’t last long! 681-o4*o 

RED CARPET 
TOWNVIEW ESTATES 4 " ! " i ca rpe t, fire p la c e , cov o otio , onvaev fence, on corner lot 73x 
VA, 53*2 mo S48.48o, no agens. 
*84-8833._______________________: 

TRADE HOMES! 
5-4-3 SPitT BEDROOMS! 
4-3 BATHS! 
Let veur home equity be Rte ION, or 2o°., down payment! 8' i% now! 
Going up???? 5 models ooen dai­ ly! Callaghan at Vance Jackson! 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
698-833o 
TUDOR HOME, built in tri-level! 
Cathedral ceilings and massive fireplace in fam ily room . large, separate dining room plus sunny breakfast room. 5 bedrooms! Ail brick with cedar roof! 
OPEN TIL SPM MON-FRI 
*59,9oo. 
REALTORS 
681-29o? 

 maintained. 3-2-1. On corner lot 
Upper 2o’s. 2431 Monticello Court. 
Shown by owner. 534-29o2 SAHA, 
Broker, 342-9393 

Guy Chipman Co em 

"UM..UM..GooD 
■ 
■ 

CLOSE TO IR 37 S 
Approx Vi cere, 2 houses, torge 
: storoge building, double garage. 
$14,ooo, Owner financed. Roberta 
White 533-71*3, 333-87*3 
6 o 6 JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

COMANCHE PARK 
2 acres plus 2 bedroom home, stables, chicken and ra b b it hutches, pecan, fig, and peach trees Owner w ill consider a ll terms or trade. $27,ooo. 

POGUE N POGUE, INC. 
822-1154 
Since 1945 
824-o*48 

SI 9,8oo 
Darling frame 3 bedroom near Ft 
Sam Gory swimming pool and on a corner lot Better h urry, this won’t last. 

828-6391 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
Reoltors-NE Loop etc 
Dellcrest, All Brick 
Perfect tor "Just married or Re­ tirees". Immaculate 2 bedrooms. I 
Sontex Co., Realtors *53-o4*o 
D merest New, oil b rick, 3 be­ droom, 2 fu ll baths, fire pla ce , j central heat and air, I car garage. 
Call Oleo 

HIGHLAND PARK 
NEW LISTING large aider Home. 3 bedroom, liv­ ing room seporote dining, heat and air, double detached garoge 
Terms 
4 BEDROOMS lust off Cork, see this before you buy Spacious living-dining com bination I Vt boths, heat and air 
Attached garoge Terms 
5 3 2 -5 2 4 5 nites 333-3988 
DSANIE 
, 
OWENS CO- 
•f AlTOtS—MIS 

S. East Ofc. 

 t n t 

NEW LY LISTED 
IN LAKESIDE 

3 bedroom , 2 both, plus p ile carpet, privacy fe n ­ ce LOTS OF EXTRAS! 

$ RUTH M ONTGOM ERY £ 
REAL ESTATE if 
J ; 659-1313 or 658-4267 J 

 i r k A A A i r k k k k k k k * 

 f .......... — — 
■ 
BELLAIRE 
Walk to OM schools. 3 bedrooms, 
| separate living and dining, big backyard. 
Open terms. 
Call today 
924-4253 
Century 21 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

BETTER THAN M W 
Lovely home on cul-dc-soc 
Adams Hill Needs nothing but o family, plenty of extras. To see is to buy Storoge shed, re frig e ra ­ tor, and all drapes in clu d e d . 
Nites, *56-8o15 
349-4343 Anytime 
! 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS-Btqnco Rd. Ofc 

3-V'j-l, by owner at: 7oo6 Brawn- leaf. E xce lle n t new er hom e 
Trees, fenced yard, patio, central air-heat No red tape, *VoO MOVE 
IN now!! Can finance Stove and re frig e ra to r if desire d . C all 
(Pleasanton) 1-5*9-3382 

-1 Bedroom, I both, d e liv e re d 
*32o8. *28-1459 
_____ 
Good 2BR home move or wreck, moke otter. 228-o13o, 333-672*. 

New Homes Mover! To your lot AM paneled and plumb­ ing. vinyl floor covering 
J bedroom. I bath. 11o.5oo 
3 bedroom. I both, ti2,Bein 
Dodson Lumber________ *24-2254 
S Room house ready to be moved 
Deliverer) on foundation 
*4,75o 
344-5585 
3 Smell houses moved and town- doiions, oui of cit 653-o482. 

SUBURBAN SITES 
CHAIN GROVE n ocroc greet (or a homesite 
’’ottioHy teared. trees excellent frontage on paved marl Utilltie? m area Need septic 
REDUCED TO $25 OOO 
TIMBES OAK ESTATES Tree,, bill, and open spaces 
Approx 
13 acres S mile* nnttb of 56o4 on 
Wonce Deep welt. holding tank I pump 
, 112,5oo 
BULVERDE ESTATES 
- leoutilul building site 
2 wooded acres 
Hilltop ness 
J?,SOO lUlVWDf NILLS - 2 wooded lots - one deal far a spi>t love: located on hilltop offer,ng panoramic yew of countryside 56,ooo and 
57.ooo 
SHELDON 
DANCH 
. 
15o x4oo building site - (nmel 
County 
$5 9oo 
NEAR IBI LAKE - 5 miles west of 
Marble foil* to Burnet 
County 
. 
13,2oo 
342-3211 ANYTIME 

UA! t o r _ so TEARS « TRUST 

SPRING OPENING SALE 

SPARKLING SPRINGS 
RANCHETTES 

 ken doll 
, Country most beautiful restuffed sub­ division 
2:$ ta 9’* aero harts V’ews from hero to yonder, private lake far pro- petty owners, overlooking new Boerne City lake 

$1oo DOW N UP TO 15 

YEARS TO PAY 

o"ve north on 'N IO toke 
Mtyv 87 thru Boerne business d'Strii't cross IM IO Overpass go north on West and access road I mil* to upper Obols 
Hd Turn west 3 mile4 Stop af oK'f* for guided tear 

A F F IL IA T E D 

D E V E L O P E R IN C . 

 r 
5 3 7 - 4 2 7 3 

ICOimTRIHEDSEClUSIOty 
V#» ftffJy 1$ lpm. ffplp ll**##*# tpf TAP d ip pl (ftttyo* tftfcft § lfctw*IM Nutt (**•«*?? Hem r»»MHWt6f 't i PpPlg 
JI Bp ll 
PPI Rnti* Ammu fifcOQ ##? pp, th?*## r*«#S t«l?lfHww e#iff **«*r 
WmnhAm 
COMAL COUNTY 
Hill Country Ranch 
CSS Oak s«ihM(4 ewes. SS an »«ik 
#♦ San aa Cat****? i»Vt 
Vpemq lad to»k, 
4m*, 9*4 rite?*# »( rn*** cAp#r N#a»ly t mil tm*if »aa# 
Rm*#. fSSS pw tem 
FLYING R REALTY 

125o Sa.Ft. House to be moved, most Reasonable E stim ate Ac­ erated Call 828-8o5o 
WE 
BUY 
HOUSES 
MOVED 
TO 
BE 

922-4113 

By Owner, s-’ -corport, ne o r Val- 
I lev Hi Man Remodeling, like new inside out. 654-1158 
_______ _ 
BY OWNER. Valiev HL 7 stnrv 
4-2-2, cent a ir.hoot, a ll carpet, very sooclou* home, DEMAND 
AREA. $39,ooo. *74-3821. 349 8887. 
Bv owner, Valley Hi, nice 3-1-1. 
*17,9oo 1*7 Flair Drive *74-313* or 735-2829 

Near e Houston, lust listed and just great. 3 bedroom, ooneled den, large dining area, carnet, central heat and air. VA, FHA. 
Call Ann. 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R ealtor 
6*18-33o7 
NEAR FT. SAM D rive by 3o2 
Longview (SISO me) then call Bob 
Thompson, 
341-7*93, 
INTERSTATE. 
NEAR HOUSTON HIGH 4-2-2, atmo mew. Centra! A-H, no down payment 
*315 mo 
675-1*91, 
*73-491o 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 

226 SUBURBS PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
, D evin*, Texas 
1-663-4558 
SA Direct Line 626-12oo 

A 14.58 ACRE TRACT 
Bandera, Pipe Creek area Deer, turkey, secluded Yet just minutes 
'rom 4io Owner financed, $2<io down Shown bv OPD’t EMORY 
JONES 82S-4244, 734-4627. 

ABOVE SAN ANTONIO 
; took down on S.A tram a hom e 
! site on top of o mountain with a spectacular SO mile view Giant heavy oaks, water sysuern pius utilities. North of Hollywood Park. 
Very elite Terms. M r. T a ylor, 
494-5237, 349-5723 
______ _ 

I Ac.-Wear Mad Canter 
USAA and UTSA In luxury addi­ tion. Chain link fence, trees 
1828-o6*5 
’ 3* 174* 
*75-o629 
WATSON A SON, Realtor 

ACREAGE HOMESITES 
NW of San Antonio in B e x a r. 
! Comal. Kendall Co’*. 1-18- acres 
1 or More 
DON SMITH CO 
*98-244o 
BROKER 
698-2241 
ACREAGES 
RAE re a l Estate 
CO UNTRY E S T A T E . C h o ice 4 

GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 

Only a few left. 

W ide river . white wetter . near Bergheim Betw een I 

 and 
2 acres from 
S i5 ,o o o 
5 % dow n 
12 years ho p a y a t 8 % simple interest APR 8 % 

N B O R E A L 
E S T A T E 
733-13o9 or 497-3584 

J 

RY OWNER-VALLEY HI 
3-2-CP on large, fenced corner lot 
Den, new c a rp e tin g , b u ilt- in range, 2-AC. *74-7o73 

1526 C aballero, 4-1 I, v e t, no down, PHA $*oo, Al M e nd e l 
734-455. HOME BU YE RS.________ 
CATHEDRAL CEILING in mas- tor bedroom, sunken living, fire­ ploced fa m ily room , co u n try- siied garden kitchen, pius J more bedrooms, double garage. Priced at $44,275 total cost to move in is only $665. *81-9*6o. 
REO CARPET 
CLOSE TO I A sES 
3 bedroom s, huge y a ! d. $165 payment, $175 total move in. 
674-6126 

NEAR MCCRELESS 
Large and immoculctte 3-2-1 with central heat and air, built-in dish­ washer, patio and tots more. Coll 
Marti for appt today. 
532-3252 
NITES 648-321o 
Century 21 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 
N ic e 'i bedroom."Ymmacuiately clean, m a ste r bedroom iO’ aX23id, lovely kitchen. 
337-6348. 

OFF IN 37 S 
Modern brick 3 bedroom, 3 both 
PHA appraised cd S17.55o 

CLOSE TO LACKLAND 
Choice of two. thre e bedroom homes $17o payment. SISO total move in 
674-6126 
RAE Rrg| Estate 
EXTRA N ice .1 KgtJroomTronTy minutes perth af Kelly AFB On corner lot. $18,5oo. 
INTERSTATE 828-o735 til 8 pm, 
GATEWAY TERRACE 
Older 3 bedroom, 2 bath Home near Lack-Kel Anyone con buy with no down payment and low closing costs Only *21,275 
BRIGHAM REALTY *73-14o1 

 acre building site in Wmdwood 
Estates. Wooded, fenced. $22,ooo 
NEAR CONVERSE, ooorox 
19 acres Perfect tor bonding site or horses Water available Owner financed, lO^o down, 
7'a% interest 
REALTOR 
691 13oo 
Century 21 
ELAINE LUDWIG A ASSOC 

5 ACRES 
Near Somerset, lots of trees, REA electricity. Atascosa Co Country I living at its best Cecil O rrick 
Don Smith B roker 
735-8ooo , 
* acres, no down $59 *n mo Bion- ! co area, woaded, high view. next 
;large ranch. Jim Ashley Realty : 
226-7774. 
| 
8o ACRES North ot M arion, Tex- i jo s Tw o sid e s ro o d fro n ta g e . 1 house, garage, large hay and arm • born, hog stalls, chicken houses I and stock tank $71oo per acre. 
Col! 1 512-333-42oo San Antonio 
1 Texas.___________________________ , 

37 ACHES NORTH 
On Bianco Rd across fro m CCCC 
High oak covered loud By owner 
WH M AYER R E A LT Y 494-3644 

~ 1 ACHES NYV 
V e ry clo se in . U T S A . U S A A , 
M edico! C eter, tre e s , b e a u tifu l view, paved stree ts, e le c tric ity 
$4,995, terms BMI Essex 341 594i 

HIL I co ii nT rT ■ i VI h g1^ 
5 M IN t o UTSA 
H TO i ACRE HOMESITES 
OiK IfffS 
PAVED ROADS 
CITY WATER n V SCHOOF 
NORSES WEI COME 
(OW DOWN PAYMENT 
OWNfR FINANCED 
BUHRING RESTRICTIONS 
Take Band»ro Rd to Helotes, Turn left on EM I SOO (GALM ROI M mile to sales office 
Entrant* to property on Calm Rd and StogecootH lone 

Steger raee 
J jfflF __ weioreg sw-Bcine- 
CENT|« 

 tit 

'SCI* 
\ 
PIGOTT PROPERTIES 
Sat. & Sun. 695 9183 
Anytime 494-7871 

1 - 4 3 8 - 7 4 2 9 
I v e s , 
1 - 8 9 9 J 7 9 3 

COUNTRY LIVIN G 

Approx 8 acres. 1oo% rock brick home 
3 bedrooms, 2 borh rooms, huge country kitchen, fireplace, over ??oo 

 sq ft. TOO MANY EXTRAS TO 
UST! 

8o8 MAGINNIS 
REALTORS 
1 3 4 9 -6 2 1 I 

CLOUDCROFT NEW M EXIC O 

M O U N T A I N C O U N T R Y 

I Z O O A C R E S in th e S a c r a m e n to M o u n t a in s 

 n e a r O o u d c r o f t , N e w M e x ic o , c lo s e t o s k i 

 r e s o r t. 
5 p a r c e ls o f b e a u tifu l f o r e s t la n d . 

G o o d a c c e s s in y e a r a r o u n d r e c r e a tio n 

 a r e a l o n g te rm f in a n c in g b y o w n e r . 
L o w 

 in te r e s t 
F o r b r o c h u r e a n d c o m p le te d e t a ils , 

 w r ite o r c o ll 
G- IAM BIRT & ASSOC., INC. REALTORS 

P O BOX h ? 4 

CLOUDCROFT, NEW MEXICO 8 8 3 1 7 

PHONE (5 o 5 ) 6 8 2 -2 7 7 5 
OR 
(5 o 5 ) 682 2o29 EVENINGS 

 t 
• 
• 
• 
• 
* 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
« 
• 
• 
• 
> 

 a * * * - ♦ a * a * - * * * 

 c o u n t r y l iv in g 
By Owner 2 2-2, forg e m obil Kame on ’ le rr*. tent ed petro*, garage workshop IM to MW v e ry negi and Clean $23.9oo 698 26o4 eves 

COUNTRY LIVING 
Large woodod hom e iit» in serene 
Hill Country a re a M inute* from 
I A . out San P edro Fish. ram p or canoe in p riv a te p o rk 
Call 
Charles 
Bailey. 
497.32*3, eve* 
*73 2552___________________ _____ 
Country living T m in u te * *oT oop I 
41o, al! brick 3 bedroom *, I bath*, fireplace, garden room . 3 pere* fenced, no down VA $45,ooo. win I trod# 
BOB DePAOLO 
537 5251 

JUNCTION, TEXAS SHOWPLACE 
OVER 3 / 4 M IL IS SOUTH IL A N O RIVER FRONTAGE 
$ 2 8 5 ,o o o 

C rystal t lear stream w ith rap'd* and p a n 1, head w a te r* 
7 o o spring* are a , flow s rcm *tanrly 
O ve r 6 o o PECAN 
TREES plu* UVE O A K GROVE Building sites, all u terine air co n d itioned , executive home 
2 la rge bedm an** 
2 ’ut bath* fiic p lu rp 
A bound* in w ild gam e, turke y, deni', 

o "d *o !firth 
|* r e lle n t pasture, m etal corrals and shed 
IGD * ac re * w ith m inerals, 

S H O W N BY A P P T THROUGH J U N I STH 
(9 1 5 ) 4 4 6 -3 1 6 o 
OW NER! CURTIS W , CANNON 
TELEGRAPH, TX 7 6 8 8 3 

4 4 4 4 4 4 4 - 4 - 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 * 4-4r * 4 r 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

MFW BPAtJNFELS ARLA 
New 3 ond > Bedroom*. J both 
(rome* on t i , and V , ar.re site* r e a l t o r Fireplace*, carpet, central air 
- v- 
$38,5oo to $39,75o See Of GAR 
DF N OAKS. 3 mi out McQueeney 
Hwy from IH-35 to 12o6 and 16o2 
36o DEGRE! VIEW 
Beautiful 3 and 9 acre tro rt* with 1 Ferry (toot go 1 genii* view or miles Appro* 3 
SW INNiY, 693-1o72 Or 651-o29o mile* from Boerne in exclusive; 
NEW DEYflOPMENT ll W 
T g * I Just opened 2 to 5 acre tro rt* 
769 356$ or 269-267o 
262 S M AIN 
BO ER NE . 
R .M . G e o rg e R e a lty 
Double garage apartm ent on t 
.1 acre* at Smiley. Paved f m mad woaded re s tric te d hom esite* 

A CR EA G E T R A C T S 
Appro* 2 to tov* acre tra c ts , 
___ located on lower Seguin Rd Near 
HARLANDALR SCHOOLS, near 
Randolph * pp ip% down with up 
Division and Expressway* Nice I 1 to 15 year payout Water, etectrie bedroom. I both, nice shady yard. 

 home 258o sa ft, On S3.7 acres, running creek feeds 3 lakes 
$88,ooo 
M axine 
H am m on 
S33-7163, 534-7*7o 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

K E Y G R O U P 

That’s what you'll soy when you view this charming 3 bedroom, 2 both and den home with od the latest in decor yet selling fo r under $4o,ooo. Mirrored wolls, foil carpeting and more. 
34M 436 A nytim e 

JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 R ealtor 
673-o1o8 

ooLLHoUSE 
2 bedrooms completely redecor ated rn Eastwood Village. $15,5oo. open terms. 686-6444. 

OFF OLD PLEASANTON RD 
3 acres, electricity, septic tank, lots of trees, ready to build on 
$7ooo 
Roberto White 533-7163, 
333-8763 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 
OFF W W WHITE-Carpeted 3 fee dreams, garage, no down VA. Will trade. 
*96-742o SLATER RLTY 349-9278 
OPEN HOUSE SUN MAY 22, 2 TO 
SPM 
5922 LAKECREST 
DEANIE OWENS, S E. - 532-5245 
1.86o SQ.FT. 
OM W.W.White Rd. Large rooms, ! 
3 bedroom s, 1'u bath, fenced acre Reasonable price! 
Sontex Co., Realtors 453-O46o 

HUGHES & BRISCOE 
924-4331 
REALTORS 
*75-o*9* 
HERITAGE FARM 3-2-2. centro! air and heat. carnet, pconances, nice yard A ttractive neighbor­ hood. Convenient to bosn* and schools Eauity and assumotion, 
$29,ooo. 
VALLEY Hi- 3-1-ccrpart. garage ho* been converted *o den Air conditioning, nice yard with large trees. Storage shed Open terms, 
SI 8,ooo. 
Century 21 
B R. RANSOM REALTY *73-77o1 
LIVE OAK-6 Bedrooms. 2 baths, 
$25o down 
696-742o 5LATER RLTY 684-61*o 

MEADOW VILLAGE 
Roomy 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with finished double go rage Has 

 power and telephone. Al! tracts on paved roads 
, 
Waller P. S S M Realty 
333-4971 
653-2254 
53 2 71*4 

!4 ACRE BERGHEIM 
$•495 - Nome your terms. As low os $35 per month MBG R EAL 
ESTATE. 733-13o9 or 497-3534 
J #,ci9 ini Coma* Co $2,ooo equi­ ty, amis $44,79 mo Pay off $3,5oo, 
655-4272 

2o ACRES, on West Texas Teriin puo Ranch $28oo Will toke boat in trade *26-3562. 
3 ACRES POTEET 
Older home. city utilities. $2o OOO. 
SIMMONS RE6L ESTATE 
1-742 33*8 
S A 342-4o53 
47 5 ACRES - SEGUIN. TX including 2o acres coastal ber- muda. numerous Pecan tre e * 
Creek storage and feed shed On 
Country br) 41o, across from new deveinpemcnt Priced well below com parable p ro p e rty in area 
Owner financing available For information call 
Bob 
Mortong, 
828-2155 

« 2 S 

Roiling Oak* Estate* convenient 
UTSA L a f B Pre development price* from $3,ooo ar Low do 

 fron'ag* 
S12.ooo 
337 4927 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 

924-8116. Electricity, paved street* no fit* taxes *73-7395 6o4 739J 412 o37o 

E CENTRAL DISTRICT 
NO CITY TAXES 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN A N TO N IO 
COM ING SOON 
Another Fine 
RAY ELLISON 
C O M M U N ITY 
6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

„ 
„ - 
, 
, 
, 
. n .. 
.is A c re * and 4 b e d ro o m ro ck 
Buy these 5 acre tra cts while they home Somerset area. la rge oaks, ! la s t p o v e d r o o d * , a p p ro v e d community woter, O w ner anxious i water system garden type soil can to see 349 427*a26 $V\ 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
In lotnntmS. Shore} *'th full Inf view 14x74 tastefully furnished 
? bedroom, 2 bath fully carpeted 
EHA mobile home on large tree studded lot 
Central heat ah 
!?«!? tun dark fnokme island with double oven 
Refrigerator plus mony extras Sub division gas exrilient private pool, park and boat launching facilities 
Must see to appreciate 4 bargain at $24,3oo! Niles 494 2191 
D AY O R N IT ! 
659-6848 

I 

655-6848 
I 

 m o rt** I 
I 

344 *268 
341 6566 
923 5844 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C ____ 
ESCAPE O T Y W m m 'C " with short d riv e ta e te a o n t c o u n try living in In 3-2 2. w ith extra s in kitchen I L iv in g o re a . ig fro* place, many buu f-ln* Obi shwr. in M a s te r b a th . M u c h m o re ! 
494-5221 anytim e 
RLO CARPET 

JIM VIA RE ALTO R 
NORTH OUT US 281 t oere* w ith over eon ft fnqhwoy fro n ta g e 
H e a v y la k e t r a f fic , priced in sen 
JIM 
HA RD IN 
RE ALTO R , 
497 353o 

I 

S *• 
? tr 

FOUR A m s 
Southeast near ra la v a re * I ake. nome your fo rm * w e “ 'iii ran sider an offers Asking S2975 Lo- keeroft. Inc 927 7441 

DAK VILLAGE N-S4.6oo 
I ’ « a e s, w ater, u m i ho Leap 
41o 
*28o6*5 
714-1/66 
475-o679 
WATSON A SON, REALTORS 

5 ACRES SOUTHEAST 
Oh Sulphur springs Rd Beautiful oaks, Lo V e rn io schoo l* O w ner financed, Bill H arper, 494 7412 

BOEHNE AWA 

Vi ACRE HIW 1995 
Beautiful stocked take, e le c tric !- tv, telephone, excellent location. is m in to W onderland. No c ity taxes. BHI Essex 341-5941________ 
2o Acres at $695 acre o ff 28IN , 
Oaks, lovely springs, hunting Jim 
Ashley Real Estote *84-4274 
71 ? a cre s 
3 b e d ro o m , I b a th hom e. C e n tra l a ir-h e a t 
P ric e reduced for quick sale! 1-379-3343 

ONDER 2o 

 central air-heat, ca rp e t, ra nge, 
, _r r „ 
„ n . . „ h l„ h _ disposal, dishwasher and covered him fro n i t onn patio. Priced of only 532,ooo For 
• * £ ! " W *' 
'S J L J J 
?,c7^e viewing coll 673-5o83 A N Y T IM E ii™ 
F.sto.ro A84 ‘)j76 t* AC RES-CAM P S T A N L E Y 
3 bdrm home, 2 bath, liv in g room w ith F P . d in in g ro o m c o m b o , fam ily room, Saltillo tile end cor pet beautiful oaks WEST R E A L ­ 
TY 656-4494, $79,5oo. 

WOULD W IK REALTY 

TERRILL REALTY 
REALTORS 
MSSE-VreiLBApHER oohtt bring money 

MLS 

4 bedrooms, 2 bath, heat and a ir, ca rp e t, ond b u iit-in s in the k it­ chen. A ll in tip -te p shape, a ll term s. S23 R oxborough 

BOB B ILLA REAL ESTATE 
I 534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 

INC, REALTORS________ 
VA APPR AISED 
$17,ooo. 2 possibly 3 bedrooms, ivy baths, la rg e liv in g , I b lo ck to elem entrv eehoal. Colt Bob Lewis 
141-9166 A N Y T IM E 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
V o lle y HL N o rth , aw ner," 3-2-2,! liv-din. fa m ily, breakfast roams 
Cent air-heof. built-ins, carpeted, fenced $29,ooo assume SVA loan at 
$159 mo. *74-8529. 

VERY URGE a n d v e ry c o m fo rta b le . T h is ! custom built * bedroom home in 
Castle H ills is the perfect setting 

B ring your point brush, no down paym ent to anyone, 3-4 bedrooms. 
2 baths, some w ith a ir and all appliances. 
BOB DePAOLO 
S32-5251 
REALTOR 
D R IV E BY 1233 PASO HONDO cute 2 bdrm s Assume $1o2 mo. 
*96-742o SLATER R LTY 349-9278 

WALK TO 

EASTWOOD 
Neat 3 bedroom w ith large den 
Central air heat. Lovely trees VA appraised of $2o,ooo. E rie Nagel, 
*96-533o. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

EASY Q U A L IF Y IN G , Hot W ells 
Area, no down to anyone. 3 be- 

SAN JOSE MISSION im m acula te 3 bedroom , 2 bath 
M any e xtra s! P rice d to S E L L ! 
Mid 2o's. 
684-o753 
6539 BAND ERA 
M AR TIN EZ REALTORS 
W OODLAKE, 3-2-2, beauty. $3oo down. 
*96-742o SLATER R LTY *34-6169 

218 - HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

$2oo Moves You in, no dow n to anyone! Sooth Son oreo 714-4255, 
HOMEBUYERS 
•eNEAR K E N N E D Y HIGM»«“ “ 
L ik e new On C a rn a tio n 3 be­ droom, 2 bath, garage S5Oo down 
516,5oo. H a b la m o s E s p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52o6 
ARCINIEGA R E A LT Y 

NEAR LACKLAND 
Adams HiH-By Owner, 3-2-2. livin g room w ith c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , paneled fam ily room F irep lace, carpeted, a ir-h e a t, fenced 
As some 7 's “« VA S28o equity. 673-oo42 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
NE Aft U C v l AMO 
M o d e rn 4 bedroom, I Vt bath, centre! a ir and heot, ail appliances. O nly S1533 equity ond assume 
Va loan. 
674-5411 

48 ACRES 
Covei Ed iu s’ south of M edin a 
Base 
R u nnin g c re e k 
H as on pro d u ctio n , m in e ra ls in c lu d e d 
Call 
Eve 
Arnold 
735-6585 or 
227-81o5 
[.o. GOZA 

R E A L T O R * 2 2 7 - 8 1 OS 
6 ACRES Fireplace, 4 bedroom s, mo. $8,7oo 
Repoirs needed Priced to m ove 
Please h u rry i SAM W ORD Real tor, 1-663-2621, Devine, Texos fit A cre s H ill C o u n try 
S m a ll cabin, ru n n in g s o rin g . $2o,ooo 
Call arter 5, *58 3945 or 333-25*6 

 for an executive with a large a c - 1 b ro o m . 
H u r r y ! 
A l 
M e n d e z . 
734-42iS. HOMEBUYERS. 
FOR $17,5oo, Best condition's he droom Home, covered potio, 2 car garage, storage, pecan trees with unusual depth lot fo r gardening at ifs berst. 824-45o7 
REQUA R E A LT Y CO 
H ig h la n d H ills C h a rm e r" 3 be- droom , fu lly carpeted, la rg e k it­ chen w ith mony cabinets, covered patio. VA, FHA. Cat) Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R ealtor 
648-33o7 

 tive fam ily. $1254)oo 344 8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS MLS 
W ALK TO ST.” ^4ARYS U from this 3 bedroom, I bath home. 
Central heat and air, built-in elec. kitchen. VA OK. *23,ooo. 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
E LA IN E LUDW IG & ASSOC. 

WFRE NOT EXAGGERATING when we soy o u r 4 b ed roo m , 2 b a th hom e o f 76o6 M E A D O W j 2 bedroom, i both, fa m ily room 
GREEN is the cleanest, grettiest home in FORREST G LEN . Large covered polio ond fenced yard. 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Realty 
696-72oo 
2124 W 'W e r m o s a 
H eal 2 b d rm home, o n ly $13,75o 
W ALTER H. M EYE R 733-82o3 

WHISPERING OAKS 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, ranch, la rge corner lot, fam ily room with wet- bar, living room, dining room, den w ith fire p la ce , w a ll to w ail c a r­ peting throughout, many extras. 
Qualified buyers only. By owner. 
492-2748________ 

P restige execu tive hom e, 4 be- 
5^5HC8,? A *',Ji?xlne Hanl 

HIGHLAND HILLS ARU 

 with attached carport. For m ore info call Sherrie Legnon 533-7163, 
333-6328 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

A CALI W ill DO 
Until we can work out the details, fo r a smart investm ent th a t w ill move you in to a hom e of yo u r ow n 
A n yo n e can b u y th e s e 
G overnm ent Owned homes. F in ­ ancing available 
673-2271 
Deanie Owens Co 
R EALTORS-Sec. SVC. Ofc 
A-1 C O N D IT IO N "' 3 b e d ro o m hom e, in N S I S.D.. T’/j boths, garage Large co rn e r lot, only 
$24o down, $22o month. 675-1691, 
674-1777. 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
A Country home on I or 5 ocres, 3 bdrm s, garden, 2 greenhouse*, horse corral, barn, 358 W. V iller- et. 9 2 3 - 1 8 8 4 ._________________ 
Alm ost j acre w ith 3 bedroom ! home on W Pryon. $26,ooo. O wner j w ill fin a n c e a t lo w in te r e s t. 
924-8116, 333-3429 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 

RED CARPET 

NO DOW N A N Y O N E 3-4 b e ­ droom s, soma ooo iie nces F irs t ooyment July. Hablam os Espanol 
222-9616TERRA R E ALTY24 HRS 
NO DOWN PA YM EN T Tp Anyone 
3 
Bedrooms 
2 baths ro a r shopping 
696-742o SLATER R L T Y 344-o934 

HIG HLAND ft ARK im m aculate 3 bedroom, fireplace, large rooms, pretty lawn, green­ house, 
VA appraised. 
$22,875. 
736-1918. 

AMERICANA 

H ft H REALTY 

 broom s, with gam e room, sw im ­ m in g p o o l. O N L Y 2V* Y E A R S 
OLD. $11o,ooo 496-1412 fOHTUIIIA ASSOCIATES 

WHISPERING OAKS 

We V t lust listed this fo rm e r 
Oenton m odel home. L u x u r­ ious appointments thru-out. 4 bedrooms, 3 baths. Pool and cove re d pa tio . P ric e d w e ll b e lo w re p la c e m e n t c o s t. 
49o-922o, 492-1231 

A ttractive 3 bedroom 2 bath home w ith new carpet. A ll appliances ond d ra p e s s ta y 
C o n v e n ie n t location. Reasonable equity and assume For viewing coil, 673-5o83 
AN YTIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
*151 "A MO (4 TH 
’ 
2 bedroom townhouse. Range, re- frig , c a rp e t, c e n tra ! a ir. Low eauity. Move in today! 
BRIGHAM R E A LT Y 673-14o1 
A PLUS condition 2 nomes on 2“2 

 trie *. B o th m a in te n a n c e fre e homes. 569,25o. 924-811*, 337-4927 
H YATT REAL ESTATE 
B A R G A IN • 3-112-1, in SOUTH- 

No down p a ym e n t, $2o c ’osin g cost, anyone ca n b u y . 3-4 b e ­ drooms. 2 baths, some w ith con­ tro l air and appliances. Paym ents less than rent 
BOB DePAOLO 
532-525) 
REALTO R 

• No down to anyone. P uio A lto 
Terrace. 3*2*1, easy q u a lifyin g ! Ai 
Mendez 
734-4255. 
HOMEBUYERS.____________ _ 
NO DOWN TO A N Y O N E 3 dreams, 2 boths, 1st paym ent in 
August 
*96-742o SLATER R LTY *84-61*9 

NO MONEY DOWN to anyone. O ff 
Pion Rd. 3-1-1, only S2oo closing cost. 734-4255. HO M EBU YERS 
• O FF N O G A LIT O S ST cTean, remodeled 2 bedroom home- $1o9 mo. pm t E-Z to buy, ow ner fin ­ ance w ith $5oo down pm t. H A B ­ 
LAMOS 
ESPANOL. 
C A L L : 
432-3295 
ALLSTATE REALTORS 
1o58 BANDERA RD. 

* acres H ilt Country. $51o down payment, $79 ss oer mo Boerne oreo Bg oaks and w a ln u t and rolling hills Owner financed, coil for appointment 734-93*3_________ 
J Acres Hwy 281 and 46N $5ooo le a sh o r 
$25oo d o w n a n d payments. 
M obile or house 
*96-957o_______________________ 
IO ACRES just inside Com al Co 
Elec, water ond septic tank On poved county rd. $35,5oo. *53-2863 
* ocres K e rrv ille a re a . access 
Highway 16. i i 9 a rre s, B andera 
Co by owner (512) 342-179o 
IO Acres, m ajestic oaks, w ell. $2oo dr* 
Terms. 
Owner financed. 
*77-8o54________________________ 
1o-2o-4o Acres. M edin a C o unty. 
H ill Country On E dw ards W ater 
A djoining large ra n ch Close in. 
OK for Vets. Owne Agent. 82*788o. 
Anytime. 

SO ACRES SOUTHEAST 
Over *oo' frontage on H ildebrand 
Rd Great potential for aoprecia hon Asking $2,59o per or 
2S’ » 
Down. ow ner w ill c a rry a t 8 V 
Wilber Lafferty. B roker. *56-1o17, 
534-8873_________________________ 
$ acres w aterfront, on spring fed creek, big oaks, good soil, $67$ down paym ent, $1o5 29 aer mo 
Owner fin a n cin g cart fo r m ore inform ation 734 *598____________ 
3 2 ACRES ’ w ith frontage on Son 
Antonio R iver Just south of Loco 
4io Frontage on ViHem ain Rd 5 living units. 
Term s, owner 
' financed 
HUGHES & BRISCOE 
924-433) REALTORS 
1-663-5597 

APPROX. 7 ACRES w ith lovely tank. e C e ntral Dis­ trict, water and e le c tric ity avail 
344-6268 
341-656* 
*95-3113 
CONNALLY 
R EAL E S T A T E IN C . 

RACK TO NATURE 
Alternative Ute style seeker* will be amazed by these few select 5 acre ond up tra c ts eing sold to people who are in the some head spore os you 
There are g ia n t trees, streoms. spring *, and view for 2o miles P rice * s ta rt as lo w os 
$9oo aer ocre w itn up to ?o years to coy. low dow n p a ym e n t. 8°o in te re s t- P ro p e rty is lo c a te d betw e en K e n d a lia a n d T w in 
Sisters Con Birt Hughes- B roker, for appointm ent to spend some time rn the Hilt Country 822 1236, or 1 -885-71o? 

NEW 4 bedroom , ene rgy saving home on 2 oak cowered acres in the country. 
3 BEDROOM, s p lit level home on running creek 
49 ACRES w ith w eekend cottage and rock cellar f A C R E S , c o v e re d w ith lu sh coastal berm uda, just outside at 
Boerne. 

ED MERGELE CO. 
RE ALTO R S ins Saunders Boerne, Tx 
249-3526, 
249 284o, 
249-8266 
S A. dire ct line 624 9112 

~ 
BOERNE AR U 
MODERN ROCK 3-2-2 With 19x2o gomeroom, art located on 3 oak 
I covered acres $59,9oo. 

BR IC K 3-2 w ith se p a ra te 2 ra r ! garage fo r the h o b b y is t 
Alt st tooted on H a c re , o u tsid e c ity 
I lim its, convenient to im in 
$49,8oo. 

RANCH STYLE ROCK 4-2-2 on 4 4 acres, all fenced w ith view of the surrounding h ill co u n try $85,ooo 

8 ON T I $ R Kl O N CH 
75 pere tracts E xcellent hunting Rnitma te rra in Easy re a c h at Son An ton in $75o per ,|f re Smart down p a ym e n t 
M o n th ly p a y m e n ts 
Owner fmonced, 8’''»?■> interest 
512-882 SOOl 

GORGEOUS RIVER 
F irst offerinq 114 ac between 781 and Canyon L a k e . paved road, abo ut 17oo’ G u a d a lu p e R iv e r fro n t, C yp re ss tre e s . 695 3198 
Howard Rug! E state 
______ 
H e l o t e s Sc e n ic l o o p A r s i- 
2 o.37 ceres, big oak trees corner of John W a g n e r Rd and M o r­ ningside D r, | is , 5oo A ff 5 344 H U 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
I 3o« A c re * O w n e r'* m o v in g 
Must veil Beautiful building site 
Open te rm s 
R e d u c e d $ *o o o 
O ther a cre a g e a v a il s is ,non to 
9 OOO Coll Irm o 
(•'sn Go t h & te o i 
*64 7171 
$i 
*99 oo6* j47 1o89 

BEAUTIFUL RIVfRFRONT lot in fhopotroll (minify flub 4i#a ti pet. paved stipel Only SR 5?5 

Beautiful varnnt Int with huge pecan trees with access to r*v*i fhaporroll 
Country 
Club 
Area 
$35o11 

O O O O S n tC T IO N OF 
O r w in P R O P fffTIPS 
C H , W A H L 
I Ste 5**1. I 379 571o 
771 W Chih St, 
Ut 
Gee* Ired I >57 5o54 

ONLY 3 LER! 
R F f’ OS - Toke o v e r o o v m e p t* 
T h e ir loss is y o u r g a m ' 1973 price* A d iorent to Canyon to k e 
Cart M yron L 
M aples, broker 
34? 15o8 

HILL CO UN TR Y R E A LT Y 
424 M o il St 
Boerne, Tx 
(512)249 2o31 Collect 

HIU. COUNTRY SITE with large oak tree s, located on 
F ly in g L R a n c h in B a n d e ra 
Priced to sell 
"fa s t" ! 
( s 17 > 
*55 5794 

H IL L T O P 
S.* OAK S TU D D ED ACRES 
Beautiful view rn or#stigm as F air 
O aks D e v e lo p m e n t 
P ric e In erodes a rc h ite c tu ra lly designed floor plan 
P ric e d In the $3o s 
*9o-899* after 6om 

_ , 
HAMES HOMES NOMES" large city lots A il fenced $38,5oo 
J o in c o r rtm u to rs . M o v e s e v e ra l 4-2-2 a n d 3-7-2 h o m e s 

WPI GOSK 
7’ ? acres • $21oo 
Repossession 
Make up J back pa ym e n ts and toke over balance I A K ECROFT 
REAL ESTATE, 342 16*1. 
P leasan ton, I a-SO ac U tilitie s , game, trees, row an p a vm t JO Yr owner financing, 1-569 3312. 
PLEASANTON Big 3 2 den. huge tiereolnce O nly 3 y rs old On $ trop studded o rrm , 
Rood* nm ,3 sid e s, fe n c e d , c ro s s fe n c e d . 
349-6*o3, 494 2o4o 

Marilla Worley Realtors 

5 ACRE TRACTS AT 
C AN YON LAKE lu st right to r 
' D o n 't 
M o In " folk si la k e fa cilities, b o n t ram ps, stores and si hools n e a r­ by 
Panoramic view s, m any large 
O ak trees 
Seiling 3 d % fcrolow m a r­ ket volun 
Terms to suit. 
For a p p ointm ent p le a s * roll 

4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 or 1 -8 9 9 -2 1 8 1 

BANDERA RO. 
Over 3 ocres, forge stone house 
■Plus guest house G reat business potential Priced residential, ideal fo r smart business O w n e r w ill consider term s. 594,5oo 494-7711, nites 494-21 1* 
I 
DON JOHNSON, R EALTO R S 

K E Y C R O U P 

• BEAUTIFUL WATERFRONT 

AMASON REALTY 
I 249-8S32 

BOERNE 
Entry tile foyer leads to 'urge asb ooneled fam ily area This unusual on cock home w ith 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, is only $43,9oo 
G e m S Quick Buiidens 
242 S. Main f, Terne 
) 249 2678 
BOERNE-23oo SO 
FT 
BRICK 
HOME 
On 2 acres, I m i west of Boerne 
BOERNE 
RANCH 
R E A LTY 
224-7171 

 in 
ESTA TES 
W E D G E W O O D 

• 64 ACRES • 
4 miles from New Brounfels 
2 large, deep tanks. Good tnees, on 2 roads, w aterline (ra n t ond rear. 
Santex Co., R ealtors 653-o46o 

2 $ ACRES l l m ites n o rth o u t $ *g P e d ro . choice executive type hom e sites 
Loaded with frees and a fun view 
Owner sez sell and w ill finance. 
For inform ation o r oopf cart 
497-353o 
JIM HARDIN RE ALTO R 

IFS APPRAISED FHA VA 
129o sa ft. wall to wall carpeting, 3 
_ 
_________________________ 
•>•**Foom* ' 
- C8,v * r * ti P 8 tl° a c r e s 'H ardiandaie Schools Dis 
$2o,ooo. McCreless. Max*— “ “ “ mend 533-71*3, 534-7*7o 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

242 KO EH LER COURT 
N e a r M c C re le s s . C o m p le te ly redone 2 bedroom , central heat and air, fenced, garage. E xcellent terms, no down to Veterans. 
341-1134 
ABDO 
494-3229 

•ON MCGAULEY# 
Beautiful brick. 3 bedroom home, 
PHA or 
VA. 
N O RTHSIDE 
REALTY 
732 o9*1 anytim e 734-o772 

PALO ALTO A R E A : 4 bedroom home, only $45o down. D on't w a it, 
734-4255. HOM EBUYERS. 

PRESUMMER BARGAINS 
_ , Select from our long list of super 
RIDGE P A R K ,$18o mo. Only $215 : lo w e q u itie s a n d s u p e r lo w 

8.* ACRES 
16'j miles north out US 281. Good re s tric tio n s , att new s c h o o ls . 
Owner financing available 
JIM 
HARDIN 
R E A LT O R , 
*97-353o 

! Guudat'joe River N orth, Close rn, neor Boerne Tw o a c re *, huge 
;tre e s , a ll to p s o il o n d g ra s s . 
Robert Sm ith, B ro k e r. *98 2o61, eve. 494-6777 
3 Bedroom-2 Bam . C e n tra l heot and air, Built-In range and oven, 
Carpeted Throughout, On I acre, 
L a rg e Trees, $3l,5oo 
N o th in g 
Down lo V A 
15 m inutes to San 
Antonio Call 1-742 36SJ_________ _ 
2 bedroom fra m e house on a 92 acres, off Hwy I*, ooorox IS m in ates from San Antonio Has roo- mg m-ena, barn, pens la rge bar- be-cue ait 1-569-37S9. 214-o997 
924-42o9 ALL R E A LT Y 5J3-?987 

BIANCO 
, 3 bedroom. J both, J co r garage home. app rox 12oo sq ft, liv in g space, patro. bba p it. W a lla ce 
Cook. 344-2341, 
BOB JONES, REALTOR S 

BULVERDE ESTATES 
J tracts 
* 8o orres, 
$35oo per ocre. 
494 5183 
B U LV E R D E H ILLS 
New 3-2-2 b ric k , fo rm a l id in in g room. fireplace, a lm ost I acre et land, p ro fe s s io n a lly de co ra te d 
)2*2o u tility roam , b u ilt to sell 
$54,5oo 497 353o 
JIM HARDIN P E A L ESTATE 

BULVERDE ROAD 
Appro* 36 ocres w ith SOO ft fro n ­ tage on C ibolo C reek 
8 a c re s 
(covered with tree s, 26 m iles cul­ tivated, fenced, excellen t hunting, is minutes tram N orth Stor M ali 
Owner w ill c a rry IS?- down at 8% 
I to 2o veers Asking $165o on acre 
: 341-72o1 rotes 492-2947 or 341-8794 
(REALTORS 
Ask tor 
JOHN 
FLOURNOY 

JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 
'B Y O W N ER in N E W B R A U N 
FELS E xtro well b u ilt 3-2 2 w ith 2 
(fire p la c e s , to rg e shad e tre e s . 
Perfect condition Newsy painted and carpeted 1-629-2145______ _ 
CANYON L A K E 
Y o u r own Pa- rgdise1 Full tim e or resort home 
(with o fantastic lake view Easy m einlenonce Art conveniences, i 
Furnished Must see' *32,5oo C a ll! 
,824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Tekas 
1-663-4558 
BA Direct Line 626-12oo 
Homestead on N acogdoches Rd 
25 Acres Outside 1*o4 $16o,ooo I 
Owner 651-6985_________ _________ 

HORSEMAN? DELIGHT 
3 bedroom, J bath. cent m r hoot 
Oil brick home on I 95 acres 24*3? born 35 m in South 
Bv O wner 
) 6*3-4837 alter 4 3o j 
IN B A N D E R A 
Under co nstruction 
Art b ric k 3 b r, 2 bth ene rgy e ffic ie n t home 
I t room s, cvd p a tio . stora ge . room Buy now end choose floor I coverings, o o p iio u re *. tile , etf 
Move in July 1st Sandidee Con struetinn 1 79* 4741 

A beautiful piece at p ro p e rty on 
M e d in a to k e w a te r fro n t w ith home ond e ve rything you could desire 
Cart tor appt 
*84-4211, 
I 751 994.3 
_________Pioneer Realty n s t S i ------------------- 
CANYON UKE 
•H IL L S ID E LOT 
B E A U T IF U L 
View 
*14oo Easy T«r m N 
•L n rg e Lot - Tines Near Lake 
Ana boot ram p 
Easy I »t me 

C a D t. E , J o n e s 

_________923-6211__________ 
4 acres Mil)' C ountry is IO 'dow n paym ent, $79 $5 per mn B oerne area 
Bg oaks and w a ln u t a n d rolling hills Owner financed, cart toe opoointm ent 734 9363 
By Owner 
7 bedroom J cd r g a r- rig# with Genie carpeted drapes, fu lly p a n e lle d , re n t hea t, a ir. flo w e rs , la w n s , g a rd e n , d e c k . 
242 MAIN 
B O E R N E , TEXAS cock In u n d a tio n and fire p la c e , 
749 2678, 749 3545, 249 354* 
($28,5oo I 699 2o14 
ROCK HOME ON 3o ACRES 

RETIRE 
In the i puntry on I acres of ones 
F e n ce d c o m fo rta b le m o b ile home plus ? added room s J m etal buildings Only * 14,ooo For addi­ tional inform ation, ra il 
Jean M a rtin , sis jg jr 
BOB JONES, REALTOR S 
KEY GRODI; 
R M GEORGE R E A LT Y 

4 B edroom , 2 b o th ro c k hom e 
297$ sa ft 
F ire p la c e , c e n tre a ir h e a t, d o u b le c o r g a ra g e w o te r w e ll h a y b o rn 
28 r n acres Paved road to p ro p e rty located near Jourdanton $8o,ooo 
Other larger form s and ranches 
B E LL REAL EST AYE 
P O 
BOK 2o2, JO URD AN TON , 
TK 
769 3815 
769 3634 

 c a n y o n l a k e 
M O B IL E L O T 
« fa n ta s tic 
Pool. jb naf ra m p near bv $14oo. HOO down. 71 mo af *71 43 APR i% . 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 

CANYON LAKE 
2 b e d ro o m ru s tic c a b in w ith 
T it T m fireplace, excellent view of Lake 
IZ liiS S . $18,ooo A Jones 497 3571. 
Canyon Lake, choice earner le i, high on h ill. 
Beautiful view, 

2o IRRIGATED— in bein 
To Buy ot Sell” Cart 
224-8357 
342-9338 
344 9424 

SCENIC N W HILLS 
B uilding *i*es on b e a u tifu l old, (822 oo75 

 tlTthnde vnnr rn 
L o k g , o re s lio io u s lo- h « h fn h HIM* J a l r o b m i! In kevlew home 5*3.OOO W eekend rlrn n lu u u tS hnm* Sf.5oo Lakeview lots $25oo mi views TVanayttmjfi.o n lyJ * rn on(J J44on w a te rfro n t lots $1o,5oo 

J.A. Cess 

N W of Loop 1*o4 See FR E E DON 
. r o m 
SPRINGS RANCH Easiest n * r o r i” »m m o 
ACRES I (m a rrin g A n ytim e Cart collect 
H oned 
A C 
1512) 
535-4391 
547 5o12, S A 626-783o 

 ond *14,ooo la kehom e 
R eally 

R f 'J 
' 
JUST LIS TE D ! 9 acres ort IM 'o on all weather county road Coas­ tal Bedrumdo, la rg e trees, Cibolo j 
Creek frontage. 
RED CARPET 
.342 3111 
PE ALTO R S 
344 922/ 
LARGE BUILDING SITH 
I I mile north from Loop U M N W desired lo ca tio n , deep sort and wooded area W ater, e le c tric ity , j 
I and phone Paym ents of $54 34 at 
I /s . sim ple in te re s t o ffe r sm a ll down pmt Les P elter, *79 7229 

SMALL ACREAGES 
5 to 1o acre tracts att i*A4 end 3*5 
Low down p u y m e n f-o w n e r wrtt 
Corry to rt Nights and weekends 
341 591o or 349 o252. 
Beanie Owens Co. n w est Ole 

C a nyon L a k e , la rg e c le a re d mobile home tra c t w ith art utilitie s on property, ail easements paid. 
Call 622 934o ’ rn details 

SOUTH 
|V , Acres or m ore, all utilities, term s. 626 1544 

3.1 ACRES 

 i n p i n h p 
H D S O W & K L IN E f i r I l l l l I i U 
I 
PE6LTQHS SO Years pi t r u s t 

IO m inutes fro m Canyon D a m - 
$695 per acre Owner w ill c a rry note 
342-18o8. 
B IL L H U GH ES, 
BROKER 

LARGE LOT 

W HY R E N T? • M e n only l i f t moves you in. Love ly 3-2-1, off 
Ingram Rd.. *23o ma. 67S-1691. 
623-572o 
POINTER R E A L ESTATE 
3-2-2, w ith fire p la c e , c a rp e ts , butlf-ins. $3,o6o eauity, *378 mo. 
I NTERSTATE 828-o755 HI 8 pm 
5 Years eld 4-1' j- i, w alking dis- lance ta elem , m iddle and high 

 estiunahon^or le rm t * Must* see to I ear® **. EM A V A . 341-72o1, assumption o r term s. Must see ro n|)es „ 
2.oB„ r e a l t o r s Ask 
Ie of 7o2 orasstieta io n fgr V |R 6 ,N |A n EIND O R FF 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

Luxury home in College Hats. off 
C la rk , b e a u tifu l 16o6 sa f t. i 
2-2-triple c a rp o rt w ith storage. 
Spanish white brick. Ooen term s. 
Van Buren 8 Assoc 
684-7171 
344-1o89 
344-7122 
T'isTiNGS wa’n t e o 
Residential, eom m ercioLoli areas 
533-1oo9 Respondek R lty *5* 5*67 
LO VELY FENCED CORNE LOT 
With garden. Room house in ex­ cellent condition. 4363 Redstone 
A. JONES R E ALTY, 824-1o*7.___ 
NEAR 6RQoKS-XELLY 
A real charm er fa r only $)9,9$o 3 bedrooms, I bath, oversized sm- ( 

 appreciate ot 7o2 G rassfield (OH 
T im be rcreek, ju st north of M a r- tmch R d .)__________ 
■ 
227 Z A lR A , Off LOOP 41o W tst 
3-1 -eg, N ew R H A a p p r a is a l; 
$15,75o. Payments less than rent. 
*84-4211 PION EER RE ALTY, m— „ — »• !;*,! 4 «nCN? 6'* 
THE NUMBER TO CAU 
IS 225-166* 
IXo8E55 ANO NEWS 

THE ACTION NUMBER tOR EAST BESUIT', 
PEACE YOUR WANT AD in the express new s 
CAEL 225-1666 

 closing. 
J & J RE A LT Y 674-8883 A nytim e 

BEAT INFLATION 
See this spacious 3 bedroom, 1M» bath home In V a lle y H i. E sta b ­ lished neighborhood near shop­ p in g m o ll. R ange, c a rp e t and fenced yard. Priced, $19,ooo. For viewing call 673-5o83, A N Y T IM E . 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

 b e a u t if u l l y l a n d s c a p e d - 
Spacaous 3-2-2 on quiet cul-de-sac in A d am s H ills , m a n y e x tra s . 
Eauity ond assume. 673-4536 

• SIO,OOO* 
2 b e d ro o m hom e on E lk s St 
Owner w ill paint inside out, 
FHA-VA- 
Paramount Really 
534-o296 
BE LLA IR E , Beoutifu! 3 bedroom hom e. double ca r garage w ith carport on a nice, aute! street. No down VA. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 
REALTORS 
*75-o69* 
B E L L A IR E , n ic e 3 b e d ro o m home, com ple tely red e co ra te d , w a lkin g distance to schools and s h o p p in g O w n e r a n x io u s . No down v a . 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
1-663-5597 

IS 225-1666 
E X Ref SS ANp NEWS 

 p a y m e n ts . Q u ic k p o s s e s s io n . 
C onvenient lo L a c k la n d , K e lly , 
Security Service. Call Post, W hile they Lost! 
675-285o 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS S. West Ole 
SACRIFICE! Volley Forest, 4-2 1, neor bases, auolrtv home in sm all, secluded sub d iv is io n 
B u ilt in appl, covered patio, fenced AF 
Captain m ust sell before end of month due to re-assignm ent. S6Ooo assume $23o mo, *75-o543. 
SOUTH R ID G E F A R K 3 1 2 -1 . 
$2oo Dawn, 1st pm t in August 
*9*-742o SLATER R LTY *84-4149 
Super lo w e a u ity. 2-1, c a rp o rt, c e n tra l he a t-o ir, c o rp e f, e x tra clean, on cul de sac N ear lo c k - ia n d -K e liv . No q u a lify in g , con- sider 2nd lein *54-1158___________ 
Top Of Adams H ill; B eautiful 3-2-2 
By O w n e r. F u lly C a rp e te d , 
Fenced, C entral A ir-H e a f, Huge 
M aster Bedroom, L iv in g Room, 
No C ity T a xe s, $37,OOO 
19o3 
Farm sville *73-o*6o. 
VA A p p ra is e d $18",5oo. 3 be- drooms, 
2 baths, carpeting . 
*74-2oo1 

THE ACTION NUMBER fOR FAST RESULTS 
PLACE TOUR WANT AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALL 225-1666 

 t i acres, 45 m inutes north, hea vi­ ly woaded, scenic, next to la rg e ra n c h . L a rry M a c u n e , G A L E 
REAL 
ESTATE, 
494-523* or 
344-5741._________________________ 
37 acres, 281N- B u lve rd e M oon taintop building site IS m in . to m o il 
B ra n d new w a te r w e ll. 
E lectricity af site Stocked lake. 
C leared of b ru sh N ew fe n ce s 
Long Hwy fron tage P re stig io u s area By owner $15o,ooo Term s. 
349-2779, 497 3616 ________________ 

15 ACRES 
Near Blanco Smart house *35,ooo 

DUNGO 
Lovely 11 acre across fro m Bian­ co River and S ta ff Ra^-k 
B rick ranch style home Should see to appreciate- Owner. S3S,ooo, F irm 
1-833-4673 
_______ 

37 ACRES 
Near M arion $11oo oer acre. Low down, unusually good term s. lOAcres-Huuse s tu d pens a n d o th e r im ­ provements. S45,OOO. St H edw ig 
SO AGRES 
51ooo Per acre, St. Hedwig. 
16 Acres 
Old house, iH-iO, i i ' j m i e a st4 lo . 
Beautiful h illto p view. 
MANY OTHERS 
658-6366 
RCS. 658-7383 
VARNER R E A LT Y 
5 ACRES, near B la n co , $6995, trnort down, long te rm fin a n cin g by owner 534-8876. _____________ 

FOR THE I ASTE ST RESULTS 
ON A WANT AO 
THE NUMBER TO CALL 
IS 225-16*6 
EXPRESS ANO NEWS 

BUNGO RIVER RANCH 
333 AC RES of b e a u tifu l H ill 
Country, '/j m ile af Bianco R iver 
Raved road Just 5? m iles north of 
San Antonio $95o per o cre w ith term s. N ites c o ll Joe D o c k e ry 
(512) *93-254* 
N U N N A LLY G R IP P IN 
& DOCKERY REALTOR S 
(512) 693-4343 
M ARBLE FA LLS. TX 78*54 

BOERNE AREA 
GORGEOUS R E L A X IN G V IE W for miles enjoyed from la rg e patio cmd lo v e ly m a n ic u re d 4 q c re ya rd , c o m p lim e n t th is custom built 3-2-2 m asonry home in low 
4o'S 
249 3545 or 249 2678 
242 S MAIN 
BO ER NE , 
TE X . 
R .M . G e o rg e R e a lty 

BOERNE AREA 
NORTH OF SAN ANTONIO Unu sual executive country estate with crystal cleor stream , lust 2o m in from San Antonio This has a one of a kind home b u ilt fo r relaxing and entertoinm g pius over 43 oak co v e re d a c re s , sto n e fe n c e s , barn, swim ming pool guest house and much more 
ED MERGELE GO. 
REALTORS 
1o5 Sounders, Boerne, Tx 
249 3524, 
249-2*4o. 
249-82*6 
S A direct tine 824 9112 
'"Si1,, “xvvtT r ' K r :^ ----------- 
CALL 225-1666 

CASTROVILLE 
Restored pioneer historical hom e, built ro 187o, nostalgic and lovely 
*84-47476 Zoner, R eoltor48M 497 

CHINA GROVE 
7-sAc., 3-2-den. firepla ce 
828-oA6S 
736-176* 
534-4439 
WATSON & SON, Realtor 
China Grove area, 1—6 acres.. 
64 8 3 33oLG RIPPS R L T Y .*48 o44) 
COMAL CO UNTY 
W ithin in com m u ting distance to 
Son A n tonio. S e v e ra l nice new hornet, rack o r b ric k , trees end 

LARGE B U IL D IN G SITE 
I mile north from lo o p 1*o4 N w desired lo ca tio n , deep snit and -------- wooded area W oter, e le c tric ity , anytime and phone Paym ents of $54 34 at 
7% sim ple in te re s t a fte r sm a ll down pmt Les P elter, *79 7229 

IfllOVELY ACRES ^ 
Between Poteet and Pleasanton 3 bedroom, 2 bath den double gar age, $2 b e a rin g p e c o n fre e s 
JERRY 
BACON, 
REALTORS. 
1-742-3283 

2o1SGUTH-8ARGAIN! 
3 acres, 22C hwy frontage. 4 bdrm , j J both, large oak trgg$, barns l l 
: mi out, term s open A lto , sm aller rot 7JX3oo' on paved rd . w a ter 
Atoho 
Real 
Estate 
732-587* 

CANYON LAKE 
This ideal 7'uion build uni lot w ith club, tennis court, swim m ing, pool and boat lending p rivile g e s can easily be yours On a pave street, this to* slop**! gently upw ard from front to bock Under $2ooo O wner w ill finance w ith J5oo down Niles 
654-8218 
655-6848 
D AY OR NIG HT 
Merlon Sautftwrst te lly 
Canyon lo k i 17 or.rgTi blk from woter 
$6ooo value tor 
$48oo 
*55 49*2 
C A N Y O N L A K E 

Sparkling w afer on G uadalupe 
_ 
. 
I! 7 acres, cypress pecan trees 
- f i l i i , 
492 943* H Castle R ealty 732 **o2 ’i?®*. 
V i® o’..1 ' oo 
: 'VTiVTitt e i 
J VAS 
? 
* down. 78 mn at $21 43 APR 8 - 
SUBURBAN H E AD Q U AR TER S w e , 
/U lt I RO 
296 9194 we have lots. cri-eage homes on " I * *- i i * l l I a acreoge, lake p ro p e rly and etc I 
, , u r . n n r t n r oft of the cit-fr h®n*',*r* " ,o 
CANYON U K t ACREAGE 
■ out or the city 
F ro n tin g on P o tters C reek Rd odtoroing Potters Creek pork u s 

LYTLE 
Almost An A e r# ' $9oo w tth only 
$1oo down. $3* is p er m onth ta r 24 months of 8% APR LA K ECROFT 
REAL ESTATE 342 HOI_________ 
Medina Coke Area * ' i acres with sm art fro m * h o u s e a n d im prorem ents $34,96o 681-'OO? 
ME(51 NA R IVER RANCH 
4 95 a e r# !, com p le te ly equipped with water, sewer, u tility pole ana horse oen$ id e a l to r hom esite, easy terms, cart 349 4So* 

Tone up paym ents on acre n w [cere* of high potential land with tor home b u ild in g 
W a fe r, c ity 'unimpeded view and mony oaks, utilities M r. F eller 679-7229 
JM Cullman, Realtor 
Take up paym ent* on »« acre NW s 1544 ?J4' tor home b u ild in g W a te r, c ity utilities M r Fetter. *79-7229 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 

CANYON UKE ACREAGE 

 huge 
J im A sh ley 
Realty 

NEAR BO ER N E 
On IM IO, bea utiful lo t, 99 X ISS, natural gas, e le c tric ity , c e n tra l woer, septic tank, 69o-o352. 

• NEAR LYTLE • 
A 2o acre irrig a te d fo rm , nice home, natural gas. an pavement, pond Sell af app raised value Cell 
I 772-3o69 a n y tim e 
I 772-3o94 utter 5PM 

 year 497-353o high view. 
JIM HARDIN R E A L ESTATE 
I 226-7774 
CO M M AND IN G VIEW 
Over 7 acres h ill top w ith a sophi- sicatcd C o n te m p o ra ry designed by ewner-architeet Just m inutes from Med Center and downtown, 
Country Club privrte d g e s a va ila bie P lease c a ll us fo r d e ta ils 
824 3233, 
822 5973, 
822-91o3, 
826-oo49 
Mam Sate Hill. Realtors 
COUNTRY ESTATE 
Choice 4 a c re b u ild in g site in 
W ind w ood E to te s 
W o o d e d , fenced 122.ooo 
REALTOR 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
ELAIN E LU DW IG ti ASSOC 
COUNTRY ESTATE 
L a rg e e x e c u tiv e h o m e a n d 27 ocres in nea rby C om al County. 
Lovely view, short d riv e to town or lake 
Call Riley Fiynn 
Nites 698-2842 
$149 9oo 
REALTORS 
824-6395 
24 HR TE LE P H O N E SERVICE tx PBJ SS a n d NfWS 
CALI 225-1666 

• TEXAS V E T E R A N S • 
Hove 5 I r o cts of i i acres * a f f r o n t in g on P o rte rs C re e k'R d northeast corner of Loop 4io and obtaining Potters Creek park 168 
■ acres of high potential land with unimpeded view ond m any oaks 
JM Cullman Realtro 
$12 344-2341 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 

CANYON LAKE BY OWNER ~ 
Southside of lake, ow ner financed 
Trees ond view, 5 acres or more 
I 899-7984, 824 8421. 

Somerset Road, $12oo fo r ocre 
622 3163. 
REN FRO R E A L T Y 
2 to 4 a c re s n o rth 
M o b ile horses, ok 
5 ob it e s 
$5o d o w n , $35.85 
...------ 
---- -- — — 
• monthly. 1o years Magee 342 2516 views. Pick your own colors Be 
J mi Canyon Lake, 6 acres, both 
T T T tx Ar ,» Y , m - u w TiT’ f.n a n r* ready to move before new school sides perm c re e k , huge tre e s, 
L i o, i i 
,in o "C* tank on I tract, nice trees 
684-4211 PIONEER R E A LT Y 

CANY O N S P R IN G S RE S O R T 
Lakeview lot Pool and P ark in 

LYTLE REALTY 
• NEAR SOIFER SET • 
25 acres plus la rge J sto ry horn* central heat and a ir, several out buildings, inside 1*o4 522-33*3 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 

IBOA 
Near UTSA M edical Center, etc., fine homesite w ith w a le r $55oo 
T rees, la rg e lu x u r y c u s to m hemes all around you a bargain 
H6G 
Real 
Estate, 
342-1661 or 
679 715o 

VETERANS 
Rough Rugged H ill C ountry West 'area $2,MKI 494-7o51 A N Y T IM E of Lea key, T e x a s — Need F o u r! 
Texas V e terans fo r A p o ro x . 73 
Ac. of end at C ountry Road —Call 
Junes 257-7236 257-4oo4 K e rrville 
...... ... 
. . . . r fl 
Kl-a c IP K ! SU Tears O’ ik u s i 
• VIEW ru n V lllc S • 
Clear, im proved I als no I? ? and 
L a rg e t r a c t N o rth nut 281, is ®°- 
SC EN IC H TS, C anyon m iles O aks, good s a il, $856o 
Lake for excellent car or pickup 
Robert Sm ith, B ro k e r 698 2o93 
Call 512 762-368o eve. 494-6667 exclusive R ecreational M em ber- 
Wuson Co, 48 ac some coostoi 
‘ hjT P r®P,e r,V * * D irt,*'® W orth 
MS 3J3oLG RIPPS R LTY 646-o441 $$7io OhlV $5ooo. C all B D avis 
1x2 C O U N TR IFIED SECLUSION 
; I 2 , , U 
1x2 
G UAD ALU PE 
TRACTS 
RIVER 
FOK S A LE 
OR 
L E A S E . 
B y 
Owner, Woodcreek Resort. 2 mi. 
Not th of W im berley, I hrs d rive v il li f i l i i e r r m m i m from San Antonio, 2 bedroom 2 
YOO CAN SEE FOREVER e m 
* a beautiful m ountain, a fantastic i i i S in v ie w 1 A lm o st 5 a cre s n o rth of 
.I? 1.o®] 
» 9? I ^o l,r* e town loaded with oak frees Close rn Owner must sell q u ic k ly 1 7J« S c *Y®.r 
492:!S33, 492; i|28 financing, coll Roy Wood, 497-3751 Ft C lark Springs m em b e rsh ip or 822 9355 
Total $4,ooo 4 diffe re n t types of 
---------------T T i f ...Tot---------- txPBISS ANO NEWS agreement 322 IM I 
-a 
" --r-iSTn y , ’’ EW " 

13772681 

Page I 4-D 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sunday M ay 22 1 9 7 7 
232 • FARMS MW RAUCHES 
236 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 
232 fMWS AHD MUCHES 232 FMMK JWn MllfiMK 

22o FT ON LA K E P LA C ID 3 2 
(with fire p la c e . 559,5oo B obbie 
A nderson, G R E IN C A M P B E L L 
R E ALTY, S A 658 5131. I-379-2634 
FULL TIME VACATION 
I This choice lot overlooks beautiful 
Lake T ra vis can be yours' Year round golfing, fishing, boating and 
Ahorseback rid in g , camp grounds and m arina, church, schools and lovely homes in area 
Niles 
ASA-8212 
I 
ASS ABAS 
D AY OR NIGHT 
I Morton S oothest Beatty 

JUST REDUCED 
Lake P lacid Estate, Seguin, lake I ifront property, 2 story house, boat ; dock 
^684 4747B. Zoner, ReoltorSBA 1492 I 
[Take B uchannan, Store, green- I house, wed, home, orchard, and 1 c o m m e rc ia l p ro p e rty 
O w n e r ' im usl see due to ill health H H . f 
Ferguson, 822-7o32 

H IL L C O U N T R Y V I L L A G E 
S ACRE R A N C H 

Gracious tree coveted .5 acre ranch, larg e 3 bedroom, 
2 1'} bath home, com plete w ith double fireplace, large family room. Formal living and dining, 3 patios New horse stables, groomsmen quarters. Beautifully fenced and cross fenced 
N o city taxes. 
Best property available in area today. Priced ta sell. O w ner anxious 

4 9 4 - 7 7 1 I , n ite s 4 9 4 - 2 U 6 . 

R E A LT O R S 

!464 ACRES: Scenic ranch, excel- 
' lent grass and hunting. W ill sell ail or ' i. Rio M edina area 534 4711 
46 acre stock fa rm , east central area, new fe n c in g , stock tank, coastal, new 2-2-3 b ric k home. 
, large oak trees 

New Braunfels Homes-Acreoge 
Scheel A Assoc Realty 
395 Landa, New Braunfels 
425-8o78 or S A 658 1477 

COMITIAL PROPERTY l/UE c 
R E N T A LS 

(NVE MILE WEST 

OF BOERNE 
Large brick home (23oC sq f t ) on 
648-333oLG R IP P S R LTY 648-o448 over two ocres B rick fireplace 
IO ACRES-West of 14o4. Excellent 
(soil. IS y r ow n e r finan ce. Call 
1349-2611, eve. 341-1855 

45 ACRES 
WITH MAJOR CREEK 
I A picturesque H ill C ountry tra ct 
I located North of S A Owner must j sell im m e d ia te ly In q u ire now. 
H a rry Macune, G ALE REAL ES- , 
TATE. 
494-5739 or 
344-5741.. I 
I nights. 

■ V H P h i large den Three bedrooms, two baths, gome room C entral heat and air Lots of extras. $65,ooo OO 
Total Price. 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C lift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249 2o41 
S A. 224 7171 

FM 15o, big trees, ow ner c ifrry 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534 4439 
WATSON A SON, Realtor 

LAKE TRAVIS 
LAGO VISTA 
2 non ad jo in in g re sid e n tia l lots 
G olf, Indoor fish in g , club m em ­ bership. Much m ore! Consider trode 
POGUE A POGUE, INC. 
822-1154 
Since 1945 
824-o698 
LO VELY Cypress Cove. Canyon 
Lake. 3 lots, Sl/oo each O w ner financed. 214 271 8o85 
M ED IN A 
LA KE 
• 
PE B B LE 
BEACH 
W aterfront home and guest house on 3 lots. 
684 4211 PIONEER R E A LTY 
M E D IN A LAKE 
Pebble B each, u tilitie s , p a rk s , launches, trees, $15 m onthly. B ill 
Essex 341-5941 

R IV E R F R O N T 
WITH 
B E A U T IF U L 
M E D IN A 
ACREAGE 
OAKS. 
684 4211 PIONEER R E ALTY 
M embership FL Clark Springs for sole. Some eauity, over hod paid tor. $44 mo payments 674-4ioo 
PEBBLE b e a c h 
W ATERFRONT 
Spacious 3 bedroom dark 
View Price tor fast sole i 
A9S 8811WA TSON & SONI 751 233 

INVEST • INCOME 
• RETIRE • 

* 32o ACRI good working inn lh 
Ut Wilson Co 
1/o anes roostol bermuda in 3 pastures — 
? 
— 
/o atte wooded gross postures Good lemma, large all metal hay barn and leed room. 
Good pens Shallow carrizo water and well. Good tank. Excellent deer area Some dove Nice 3-1 Vt mobile home An 8o—1oo cow unit S55o per acre 
* 214 ACRE Stock ranch near 
Gon/ales Worm Springs. Artesian well, 2 dug wells Several tanks, 
IOO acre open creek volley, Ex cedent native grasses 
Same coastal bermuda Port field Some pecan trees Ideal for more SO acres wooded 
Deer, dove and quail hunting 
Old, old im­ provements. but |ust SS/S per acre nr deal 
* 1/2 ACRf STOCXRa NCH err.* al llormvtlle paved rood 
Ail 

 and pc 

RECREATION 
FOR SALL 

 far 
Not only generous sue horn 
(51455. up, some with tree* macule-modular homes; city type utilities,paved str eets- but picnic tables, boat dock, fish in g p ie r, club house, poo h Owner intone mg, 8% ann. Percentages ro le . 
Resort like com m unity on Love 
Ounloo near New Bt aunter, nisi 
25 minutes drive from sa. I axe 
I 35 Loke McQueeney exit in New 
Braunfels. 
R IV E R B E N D R E A L T Y 
1-625 9417 

31 ACRE stock farm near Seguin Only I mile from Motorola Plant Poved rood 
Water well with electric nump and pressure tank, cottle pens, fenced, gaud building site 
Excellent investment for the future Only SI 25o acre Owner 
Unawed 
3 2 ACRES 
On pavement, near Sequin Most 
Iv in Coastal Stock tank with fish 
Rural water line, 
Showplace potential 
For horse or cattle 
Good buy for SI OOO acre 
5 4 .6 9 ACRES 
Southwest of 
Seguin, on pavement Some Coastal, cottle pens, store room, excellent fence, and cross fenced Easy driving to 
Son Antonio or Seguin S59.ooo fxcellent loon can be assumed 
2 4 1 ACRI 
'lock form About IOO acres si 
(Misted smother 
IOO octet in cieaif field 3 stock tanks with fish, hirqe hay horns nm) corrals 
Good femes Only $6oo on ocre 
Owner fmnnred 
GOOD SELECTION O f 
OTHER PROPERTIES 
C.M. WAHL 
I 379 $693. 1-379 5/1o 
771 W Court St., Seguin, Tex 
Gene Trost VSS/ 5o54 

By owner, 4.4 ac. Bergheim area, consider trade. 1 249 8417 
BY OWNER, 25o acres in Duvall 
County 681-1o84 
BY OWNER 64o acres w ith im ­ provem ents. 3 bed roo m home, pens, fences, 2 wells plus an ir ­ rig a tio n s y s te m 
9o a c re s of I cle a re d la nd, s p rin g ted tank 
Deer, turkey quail, dove. Located in McCullouah Co with a view of the Son Saba R iver P riced to sell, i 
S45o acre C liffo rd Grubbs. Brady, 
Tx I 915 597 2138 

CHEAP 

RE SID E N TIAL 
MUST SACRIFICE Residential lot at FORT CLARK SPRINGS AS 
SOCIATION. B ra c k e ttv ille , Tex as. You choose the site Please w rite Apt.9, 1o6/ Valencia St Son 
Francisco. CAL 9411o and make otter 

RESORT LOT 
Canyon Lake H ill sub division in new home neighborhood 
JM Cullman, Realtor 
512 344-2341, 512 341 5o45 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 
RIVERFR ON T LOTS 
C Y P R E S S H O LLO W IN B A N 
DERA CO.- Beautiful riv e rfro n t lots on the crysta l clear Sabinal 
R ive r, id e a l fo r p e rm a n e n t or resort home Located on FM187, approx 4 m i. no rth of U topia, 
Texas Call Utopia <512) 966 34o7 weekends; weekdays call Austin 
345 587o 
TYNES RE ALTY 

SEE CANYON LAKE 
From 3 sides of b e a u tifu l 25oo sq.ft. rock home alop prom inent h ill of northside. E xclusive sub d iv is io n , c e n tra l h e o t-o ir, tire piocc, amenities galore! 
JM Cullman, Realtor 
512 344 2341 
BOB JONES. REALTOR 
Unique home on Lake Belton for sale bv owner-builder. 2 bedroom, 
2 both, den, 24x37 m ain room, root is a 24oo sq .ft. co n cre te deck. 
H e a vily w ooded la k e fro n t lo t. 
B e a u tifu l and p riv a te . $83,ooo, 
Atter 5 and weekends; 1-472-7839 
WANT COASTAL PROPERTY 
Aransas Pass o r P o rt A ransas 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
8o3 G ordina 
732-1362 
W ATERFRONT M E D IN A LA K E 
Furn. Weekend Cabin-Oock 
695-8811 WATSON & SON1-751-233 

23o-LOTS 

I ACRE SBQO DOWN 
Owner loan int. 8>z% big trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
WATSON & SON, Realtor 
-2.35 ACRES, LO C K H ILL RO. 
Owner w ill c a rry with sm all down 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333 1143 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
ATTENTIO N DEVELOPERS 
3 acre tra c t w ith Oaks. S ettled exclusive area, tine residences. 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 828-2521 
Beautiful h illsid e coun try lot in la rg e su b d ivisio n 
I o44 a cre s, m inutes fro m Southwest Texos 
M edica l C e n te r, USAA, U TSA, 
Kelly AFB, Lackland AFB Paved streets, city utilities. Call 492-9946 for inform ation 

* 99 ACRES vie. 
WL,! m, moved Stock Ranch 5W al Seguin 
All improved glasses, 4o open postures, scattered trees, mixed mesquite soil 
4 funks, good stiong well Excellent bom, pens, sheds, etc 
Modem, 
3 2 2 home—Morel Showplace poten rial, only SI SOO per ocre 
* 64 ACRES fertile block lend 
NI of Seguin Poved roads, willer 
Ine flowing stream 
2o orres wooded—rest field 
Homesite 
Dove, quail, deci Saigon ot S7So per acre 
* 63 ACRES stock conch West of 
Seguin neat IH IO rolling terrain and (reek valley Scattered trees, fertile black soil, 4o acres good toastoi Bermuda — rest level field or native gloss open pasture Hay bams, 3 tanks, dove, quail, some deer Only SI2So per orre Owner terms 
* 33 ACRES unimproved ion 
(betta 
Nf 
Wilson 
Co. Semi secluded, end of County rood, Vt notive woods, rest field, native airns, suuounded by woods, sandy loom soil, qood deer area, shallow water, electricity Just 
S8So per atte Ovyner terms. 
* 25 ACRES scenic unimproved 
Ronchctle St of Seguin, 18 aries improved gloss open ranch, rest wooded along creek 
Deer and hods Shollow well, funk, good homesite Just SI 2oo per one 
* 7 ACRfS RANCHETEE. SF of 
Seguin, poved toad, waterline, spacious J stoiy 3 2 2 home, family room Out building See at 
$6o,ooo 
* 2 ACRfS near Seguin, off fM 
467, all field, fenced, all utilities, including natural gas and septic system 
Grovel dnvewoy, ideal garden or livestock Owner anx­ ious, reduced to $65oo 
I ACRf fertile block land, pecan trees, poved rood, strong good well, immaculate 
14x84 mobile home, 3 2, central heat on, concrete polio and walks. 
Bargain! SI8,5oo. 

Member TERA Inc. 
See us for other listings 
All sixes and types le t s Talk It Over! 

CARLOS BRAWNER REALTY 
379-5947 
Seguin, Texos 
5o1 E. Kingsbury 
P. O. Box 1122 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly secluded in W oodlaw n 
H ills. B u ild now o r hold fo r in ­ vestment. Term s available. $3,8oo to $6ooo. Paved streets. A ll u tili­ ties. Near Schools and shopping. 
N ear B andera Rd. and Benrus 
Dr. For details call Louis Flores 
732-2241. 
C orner lot on E m m et and Bos- cum. 6ox125. Call aft 5pm 673-1o45 

INSPIRATION HILLS id e a l lo t to r y o u r hom e. H ig h elevation w ith a beautiful view of the city. For details and viewing call 342-4115 AN YTIM E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
KE N D A LL COUNT Y ACRES! 
Building this Summer? See these beautiful homesites, near Boerne, 
Texas before you start* Roiling, hill country land w ith native trees and scenic views... 

Off W ALTER S ROAD 
S lots Of; opprox. 1.5 acres each...$9,ooo i each! 

OH SISTERDALE ROAD Over 2o acres w ith low, low laxes!...$38,478.8o 

O ft W A L N U T G R O VE R O AD 
9 726 acres w ith telephone and electric u tilities...$3o,2oo 

Call 344-oo22 tor lu ll inform ation. 

6 o ACRES 
Los! ot Whitsett, all brush, mineral road frontage, electricity and water available, $45o per one 
SO ACRES 
Near Kennedy, cultivated, fenced water well and some trees tx cedent weekend retreat. $625 per one 
2 5 o ACRES 
Medina County ~ South of Ban dera Secluded with good access, ex cedent hunting ranch and weekend retreat Private road easement to 
Medina Loke flexible terms Call 
Gary Roberts 
VESTLAND 

K ( 5 1 2 ) 8 5 4 - 1 o 1 5 

A p p ro x im a te ly 6o a c re s u n im ­ proved country. G reat hunting! 
DORIS HUNSICKER 344 9936 
-RANCH LANOS - 

CUSTOM RANCH 
Outstanding 75 Acre Ranch with custom b u ilt b ric k hom e 3-2-2, ooprox 2ooo so. ft. Pool bv Gory. 
14 3 m ile s s o u th of L oo p 41o 
Owner rn -ry Open term s. A must to see. Coll Annette 

Van Boren % Assoc 
684-7171 
344 [CHV 
344-7132 

SHILEY GIL FIELD 
Buy 76 a t, h u n t IOO ac, q u a il, dove I 16th;s m in $625 I 334 3591 
EDW A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land from the natives 
_ P**PC CHECK TX 6»5 846o 

FAMILY FARM 
Guadalupe County, 2 large tanks, 
2 wells older rem odeled homo, r oasts!, orchard Between la v e r- mo and Seguin $75,o6o firm 

OVERNIGHT CAMPGROUND 
11 acres w ith approx 13oo ft. fron- 
I loge on IH1o East Live oaks. elm. 
6 " W a te rlin e , (lo w in g s p rin g s , could be made into crystal clear lake. Niles 874 6574. 

 land Locators ol Iotas 
I 
S A. 667-1154, 667 1333 ____ 
, Owner financed with sm all down paym ent, 392 acres com bination fa rm and ra n c h near Y oakum . with excellent deer hunting, rive r b o tto m la n d . 
Som e im p ave m en ts Only $65o per acre. 
W ILLIA M S R E A LT Y , To ti. Tex. 
| 5I2 528 2o11 o r SI2-528-3oo9. 
5oo pius a c re s in M e d in a and 
Bianco County. E xce lle n t game and g ra tin g O ther ranches and 
(arm s available 
REALTORS 
874B6351 
STER LIN G BURKE 

KEY GROUP 

 lnv«$tors! 
I Acre ot better, on Nogohros St 
Good location for shopping renter 
Or s office, eft Mites 494 183? 

FOR SALE! 
Several apartments to choose from IO 25, or more Northside or Southside 
Call for details 
Nrtes, 494 1832 

Grocery Stores 
One in operation with living quarters Others fully equipped ready lo go Bath hove rental in­ come Niles, 735-4128 
349-4343 

DEANN! 
OWENS CO. tlALTOKS— MIS 

Blanco Rd Oh. 

 m 
K P M T N ftT U W M i 

RANCH-1ooo Acres 
84o ac. coastal, 16o ac. b ro th 
$5oo oc. W ater, SO mi. of SA 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
WATSON & SON, Realtor 

DOWNTOWN COMMERCE ST. 
^ fronts on 2 streets Heavy traffic count, zoned D AND ' K" Building 
54oo sq ft Paved parking for So cars 
Includes 
I rental homes. 
Owner may carry 
NW SAN ANTONIO 
Double sized lot Zoned "(". Traffic count 26,o9o — 24 hours. Easy terms 

2 RANCHES IN NORTH WILSON 
COUNTY Lots of game. 2o1 acres and 496 acres, both under $6oo an acre. For free brochure contact 
STROZIER. K IE L , TAYLOR 1oo1 
W 
Court, 
Seguin 
78155, 
517 379 o87o 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

K B E 
CARA VEILE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 

F u riiifc fm l o r f iifu rn is lm J 

1 - 2 - 3 B E D R O O M 
Single end Family sections, All bills pd. light­ ed 
Swimming pools, party r jom, 5 Min. 
Windsor 
Park 
Mull. 
15 
Min. heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 - 6 6 6 6 
O ff IM 1.», On Rittiinan 

No. 

— RANCH LANOS— 
Lond f or A il Purposes 
7 Flintstone, ,'8213 
.’ 44 »?36 
; Scenic Valievs, Oaks, Uvalde tx 
12o Acres, P rice only *12,99$, .4oo 
I nowtv Owner financed I 278 76oo j Secluded b e a u tifu l oak covered 
(ra n c h 
115 2 A c re s . $ t.t7 5 o e r acre. See to a p p re cia te , Spring 
I Iud lake. E xce lle n t fences, welt, cmd w indm ill deer, sm all cottage. 
I Spring 
B ranch area 
Owner 
'694 1757 

Loop 16o4 NI. 
14.65 Acres fro n tin g 4oo It. only 
Loop adioining 
Meadow 
Oaks 

14 94 A cre s tra n tcn g 4oo t i on i 248 - OFFICE SPACE LOR LEASE 
Loop I6o4 M F adjoining tra c t 
I •n -jie w n w rem ii ii t i above 
I Straff office space in p rim e shop 
Call 
E O 
Goza, 
826 5618 or Ping center on San Pedro. N of 

I BABCOCK VILLA APTS. ) 

 a 
3 o 1 9 F re d e r ic k s b u r g R o a d 
* 
I 
EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 2, 3 BEDROOM I 
* 
APTS. Convenient living at moderate r ( prices ranging from $155. to $365. Ai 
Fully equipped. 
2 
Pools, 
Tennis I 
Courts. FURN. OR UNFURN. RATES. 
* 

7 3 6 - 3 3 2 2 

U n d e r N e w M a n a g e m e n t 
SEE 
SAN ANTONIO S 
MOST SECURE 
APARTMENT COMPLEX 

The Quadrangle Apts. 
91 IO 
Broa 
Phone 828-4794 

The C.P.M. Corp. 
A D ivision o f I ptnw re & Astor. 

!22/ SICS 

E.D. GOZA 

: I OPP 41o Coll Mr Curtis 349-2795 
I 125o so f t o ffice space on San 
Pedro r oar Hollywood P ork $435 i mo 14272 San Pedro 494-52)3 

(78 a cre s In G u a d a lu p e C ounty 
(w ith paved fro n ta g e on 3 sides 
I including (HIO Soil is rock tree 
1 and table top Hot 
Land Locators of Texas 

S A 667-1154. 647 1133 
J I ^ 
U O ttC Of F«WS 
FARM RANCH M ED INA 
COUNTY 
8oo Acre v a ria b le operation A good in vestm ent thor has corm land pasture, hunting and waler, 
Call Riley Flynn 
Niles 698-2842 
$5oo Acre 
REALTORS 824-6395 
OPEN TIL SPM MON E RI 

G u y C h ip m a n C o 

165 ACRfS on the Guadalupe kivei with mony improvements 
Many large pecan trees, several horns, 2 houses and cross fenced 
Kilo 8 pustules with improved grasses A hunting and fishing noradise 

754 ACRf Slock farm with live cleek thru property. About 8o acres in Coastol Bermuda with botonee in cultivation 
All utilities avail and on poved road $65o per arm 
G U Y TH O M P S O N 
REAL ESTATE 
Io3A la Plaza Bldg., 
Seguin, Tx. 
658 8444 fve. 1-379 7582 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Specialty 
More Than Half Century Service 
R E P REALTY CO 
R ealtors 
51o8 B roadw ay 
824-45o7 

FLOWING CREEK 
2 bedroom rockhouse overlooking two live creeks, guest house and horse stable s, b e a u tifu l pecan b o tto m and liv e oa ks on 19-6 acres. 45 m inutes north 
KENDALL COUNTY 
285 acres of ro llin g oak covered h ills , c a b in , s o rin g fed ta n k , borns, good w e ll d ivid e d in to 4 pastures, w ill sell all or part. Both owner financed 
JERRY WAGNON A ASSOC 
828 33o1 
Niles 344 7719 

SA 667 1154, 467 1333 
Smithsons V aliev area, rrmdern 4 yr old, a p p ro x 
35oo sa ti 3 be­ droom 2‘ i b a th s, Swiss C h alel home, com pletely carpeted, cen­ tra l oir-heot, 5 and two-tenth acre, w ell, in te rc o m , butane $95,ooo 
Q u a lifie d b u y e r only. T ra d e in considered 494-7184 

SAT. FARM AND RANCH 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e re a re numerous ranches of 64o acres or larger in LA SA LLE ANO W EBB 
COUNTY that we think are good investm ents. For specific in fo r­ mation, call or w rite 
LE E R PETERS 
I 879-2759 
P O BOX 563. Cotulla, Tx 78o14 

R E A L T Q R * 2 2 7 -8 1 o 5 
NACOGDOCHES 
I 34 o cre s ro a d fro n ta g e , RH 
Com m erciol industrial area. 
MAC R E AL ESTATE 823 2521 
N E ED SPACE TO E X P A N D * 
Acreage off Probandt ondlH-iO 
Zoning to meet buyers needs 
Owner ca rry, 6oc per sa. ft. 
736-174$ 
828-U645 
333 1163 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 
RA IL SPURR, 13 acres, zoned 1-2. 
Cheao 
Owwner financed 
878 4452. 

I View of La V illita. 33o sq ft Tower 
(L ife Bldg. $l6$mo avail June I, 
226 5837 735-5361_________________ 
I W ill design offices tis volt tenant. 
; am ple fre e parkin g. 46oo Broad j way. 828-2o2o, 824-6371. 

Roosevelt corner, store building office, liv in g q u a rte rs, good tor sm all business owner. 531 o756 
Well situated in New B raunfels. 
Almost new 5ox125 m etal Diag, air conditioned office, 2 restroom s, dock high overhead door Plenty of p a rkin g space. P riced rig h t) 
1-629-MOI or 1-629-2145 

238-COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

LEASE 

25? SEIL OB T O N G E 

I 
HAVE CASH BUYERS 
: o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g 
1 re p a irs. John B E ccell, B ro ke r 

38?-MCBI! J M M S ? ~~ 
2 Bedroom, central air, heat $135. 
Mo. Sift Deposit. On W W White 
Rd 133 91oo 

QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 

* 1 8 o U P 

2 5 2 6 N E L O O P 4 1 o 

E x it a t S t a r k e s t 

6 
5 
5 
- 
3 
9 
2 
1 

COUPLE O N LY . Furniture, Air, 
Carpet, Large Fenced Yard Near 
Lacktand-Kelly. P riva tlev Owned. 
423-2646. 
FOR R E N T : N e a r L a c k la n d : 
6o X12', 2-bedrooms. $17o. monfh. 
B ills paid. $5o deposit. No pets. 
674-7518 to r appointm ent 

FOR RENT 4 ACRES Fenced. 
Double wide mobile home, central hea t a ir M o rio n , Tx. 828 4626 after 6PM 

TAKE OVER 4o ACRES 
W est Tx. ra n c h la n d in p re tty valley, near town. No dn. $39 mo, 
Owner, 824-88o7 

KARNES COUNTY 
FARM 
424.5 Acre*, nine miles west 
©I Kames City, six last Peen­ ing* facing South on state 
Highway 
99, good farm home, well and im ­ provements, extra w ell in field and small house for farm labor. Not leased for oil or gas and never leased for uranium although the big boys are still after it. Price 
$975 per ocre cash. 
B.A. 
Johnson, 696-o563. 

Fredericksijurg 
LLANO RIVER Approx 64 ocres w ith 74oo' of the most bea utiful riv e r frontage in this area E x­ cellent fishing and hunting; w ill sell 15 2o acre tracts. Located off 
Hwy 87 N 
SUNDAY HOUSE. Well built I be droom, I both home, just 13 m i from Fredericksburg on 43 scenic acres with flow ing creek, springs, j and excellent hunting House has 
| all modern conveniences, cedar- shake root, old fashio ned rock 
I fenced yard and e x tra storage 
\ bldg. A beautiful place! $82,5oo 
I P IC T U R E S Q U E 431.3 AC R E 
! RANC H Has 6,211 ft on R.M . 
I Hwy. 2o mi. from F redericksburg 
! Good hunting or development po- i tentiol. $54o per acre. 
NIXON REAL ESTATE 
2o7 E . M a in , F r e d e r ic k s ­ burg, Tx.78624 
(512)997 4254_______ (5)2)997 4615 
Gonzales Co. 58o acres on the San 
Marcos River, owner financed. 
DEVAULT & ASSOC. 349-2677 
Property M arketing-Exchange 

THE BEST HILL COUNTRY 
RANCH AVAILABLE 
I M ILE W ATER both sides Many dam sites. Fish fa rm opportunity. 
SPLENDID BRICK HOME Huge liveoaks, picture windows, Indian mound. D rink spring water. Farm la n d , h u n tin g la n d , d r iv a b le ro a d s. B u y 654 AC. c o m p le te 
549o,5oo. Buy hom e, SAC, both 
Sides or STREAM PLUS SPRING, only $7o,ooo 
OTHER OPTIONS 
AV A ILA B LE 
HOUSTORf RANCH REALTY 
P O. Box 58o, Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(512) 249-2116 or 537-44o* 
TO BUY o r SE LL CALL 
69o-8563 
LYNDON BROWN & ASSOCS 
UNIMPROVED 
This io .8 tra c t is at the end of the road iu s t 7 m ile s fro m B oerne gives seclusion ond breathtaking view. Will sell on Texas Veterans 
Land Board for $1ooo.oo per acre. 
A n o th e r lo a c re t r a c t o u t of 
M edina w ith m o s tly good fie ld land and one good building site. 
$1ooo.oo per acre. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lew is, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 224-7171 
UPPER SA B IN A L CANYON 
25 ac. Sabinal R ive r (arm house 
J K. LE IG HTO N , REALTORS 
Vonderpool. 78885 
512-946-34oo 

NOW LEASING 
NORTHSIDE OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 
6 9 o - o 3 o o 

 i i R E .V T \ M E H I C A 

C O M P A M E S 

SE, nea r Brooks A .F .B . bedrooms, central a ir, 
826-8766. 

 fu rn 2 adults. 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

A D U L T S , O F F B R O A D W A Y 
Redecorated 2 bedroom opt. $17o. plus about $25 utilities 828-1122 
A D U L T S 
O N L Y . 
C le a n , convenient e v id e n ce s and I be droom apartm ents. 318 Madison 
Reasonable rates 224 3547 
ADULTS SOUTHSIDE 
6 Locations convenient to Down­ tow n, M cC reless, B rooks A F B 
E ffic ie n c ie s , I and 2 Bedroom . 
From $125 mo. SJ3-948o. 533-o51), 
533-13oo 

3o1 BLANCO: home and business. 
93o N. New Braunfels. 12,ooo sa ft. 
Storage, printin g, light mfg, larqe yard 826-74o1. 
ESTABLISHED LOCATION 
2327 Vance Jackson Rd., beauty shop or other, $275 mo. 735-o961, or nifes 696 7777 
E X C E L L E N T N O R T H C E N ­ 
TR AL LOCATION: for offices or reta il space. Up to 3ooo sq.ft. by owner. 
Call 
Rick 
Brenner, 
826-o684 
For lease, 5ooo sq.ft. warehouse, with SOO sa ft. of office space, IH35 and Lanark, across from W indsor 
P ark M oll, 12c per sq.ft. 341-3378 
18oo ft. ca rp e te d offices, sm a ll warehouse, 
15o 
W. 
Rhapsody. 
349-6241. 
LOOP 41o AT BANDERA 
VAR E HOUSE S-OFFICES-STOK ES 
3743 COLONY DR AT IH-1o 
!H-3S NORTH AT W EIDNER RD 
FR E ILIN G 341-3159 342-7134 
OFF ICE-WAR EHOUSE 
NS, 2 m l. north Loop 41o, close to a irp o rt, 1188 sa ft., 1348 sa. ti. 
Astro Investm ents Co. 344-8388. 

S O U T H W E S T O f P L E A S A N T O N 
421 acre irrigated 
Coastal 
Rfmudn farm 
Many bains, 
‘ heds, pens, etc large Carrizo ii 
' nation well with pump, engine, pipe ond trailers All minerals, I t myally Immediate possession 
Prize S/oo per azre 

W E S T O f C H A R L O T T E 
S? acres fronting county rood, all 
■n Coastal Bermuda, borns, pens, adod fenced I water well, oil pro duct'on of about $8SQ per year 
Immediate possession 

P R IC E D $ 3 4 ,o o o 

H A V E R L A H R E A L ES TA T E 
Corner Hiahwav 281 & 
Goodwin St. 
Pleasanton, Texas 
Telephone 
Son Antonio: 
626-2111 t'leosanton 
$69 2527 
$69 2487 $69 2o28 

9 ACRES IN BANDERA H ILLS w ith p re tty oaks, little c re e k , bea utiful view and paved road frontage. 
$12,944. 
W ith easy terms. 
PIPE CREEK R E A LT Y 695-3242 
164 ACRES in Medina Co. 2o m i. west from downtown. Seller says from 7 to 14 bucks hat vested each year since 1966. H unting cabin, stock tank, creek and sp rin g s. 
Owner financed w ith 1o% down. 
H u rry! 
HUGHES & BRISCOE 
924 4331 REALTORS 
1-443-5597 

GORGEOUS GREENERY 
AND MEANDERING STREAM 
U nim proved beautiful RO LLING 
G R EE N LA N D , g re a t oaks, a t­ tra ctive building sites, DA M M A 
BLE STREAM through center of 
22.325 acres, NEW W E LL 
HOUSTON RJUNCH REALTY 
P.O. Box SSO, Boerne, Tx, 78oo6 
(512) 249-2116 or 537 44o7 

289 A cres in T e rlin g u a , Texas, mountain, riv e r bed and Indian cove on property. 
$37,5oo. 
512 367 2379. 
12o ACRES 
Irr ig a te d fa rm . H ouse, p e n s, barns, chutes, etc. G u a d a lu p e 
R iv e r fro n ta g e , n e a r S e g u in . 
$15oo per ocre 

GUADALUPE COUNTY 
6o tree covered ocres, coastal, 2 s to c k e d ta n k s , p e n s, b a rn , excellent fencing, plus nice home with fireplace, for $7o,ooo 
Land Locators ol Texas 
S A. 667-1154, *67-1333 

184 AGRES 

7o A C R E F A R M N E A R NE W 
B R A U N F E L S . O w ner fin a n ce d 
177 Acre farm , near Devine. $6oo per acre 29°odown. 
684 4211 or 751-9943 
PIONEER R E A LT Y 
52$ AC R E fa rm -ro n c b , F rio 
County. Sell or lease. 227-1813. 
42 acre live oak hills, Joins huge ranch, deer-turkev. $395 per acre. 
Liberal term s. 1-896-244o 

 with 9 tenths mi 1-1o frontage. 2o nu east of 41o Good fo r sub­ dividing. $15oo per acre. 

9o ACRE Horse Bandi 
In St. Hedwig House, barns, pens, corrals, etc. All or part. 
17o ACRES 
SE of Seguin. B e a u tifu l tre e s , good fences, 2 wells, tanks. Deer in herds. E xciting m inerals. $6oo per acre. M ANY OTHERS! 
658-6366 
Res: 658-7383 
VARNER R E ALTY 

Hill CDRNTRY DREAM 
215 Acres IO mi. Leakey Texas on 
Hwy 337 Beautiful 8 room native rock home, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, large fireplace. On West Sabinal 
R iv e r 
B a rn s , c y p re s s , o a k, pecan. $24o,ooo. good term s. Call owner, 1-991 8727, 1-991 4858 

VETS 
IO ocres south of IH Io east. Some trees, utilities, good bird hunting. 
Has been appraised. 
Niles 
658 2o31 
Land Locators of Texas 
S.A. 6*7-1154, 667-1333 
WALNUT GROVE ROAD 
Rock home on 5J« ocres. M iles of view from your fro n t yrod. 1825 sq It. ot livin g area plus double garage. Three bedrooms, 2 baths, corner fire p la c e , 16 x 2o m e ta l building. $68,ooo oo 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lew is, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A 224-7171 
Wont to lease some 25o - 5oo acres for quail, deer and grazing. Brush la n d c o u n try . 
C a ll c o lle c t 
713-733-7429 office no. 
WE CAN S E LL YOUR 
RANCH-FARM OR HOME 
IN THE H IL L COUNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A LT Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314 

Retail Space 
N O R T H E A S T , in side Loop 41o neor R ittim an Rd. Excellent loca­ tion. Sailed to beauty shop office space, re s ta u ra n t o r cle a n e r. 
828-6343, eves 653-9596 

Cornelius & Associates 

ALAMO HOTS AREA 
Q u ie t, d ig n ifie d A d u lt liv in g . 
C hoice u p p e r. S m all c o m p le x. 
S p a c io u s 2 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th , d ra p e d , ca rp e te d , c e n tra l a ir, la u n d ry fa c ilitie s , covered g a r­ age. Call 826-o469________________ 
A la m o H g ts . B rig h t O u ts id e studio e ftic. opt. A ttra c tiv e s u r­ roundings. U til. od. A ir Young businesswomen. 595. 82-1813 

NEW HOMES IN 
NORTHWEST 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMING SOON 

Another Fine 
RAY H U S O N 
COMMUNITY 
6 8 1 -3 o2 o 

T I M E ’ S A JW A S T I N 7! 

 iii litem" specious ap a rtm e n ts n o n t 
J a ra in irs pard o n last Innp In hiph for 

 aliso d o m a in I is 

 apartments leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1*6 
1 Bedroom $1 SO 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All 
Utilities 
Paid lorge playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near Brooks A E.8. State Hospital, 
Pecan Valley Golf Course. 
Truly the best re n ta l value in to w n . 
2715 lasses 
333-5339 

41o I A/AiZtM RD 

WINDSOR 
PARK. MALI 

> 
2 
EISENHAUER 
I 
< 
♦ fa r m 
VILL A GI 

VI IMPsOK P SHK A M I, 
N O H I I I I \ - I ST IM WM " l l K M S I I E f ) (IM 
I NT I K N IS H Isl > 
PM M I T H U ll " 
P IIIX V T I 
P X T K * " 
P O O ! > A P V H I X K O O ' I 

 til.iO Has B o n I Iris «* 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

4o1 APARTMENTSHIRN 

South $9o mo. B ill pd. W orking couple only. 922-9826 

I and 2 b ed roo m . A ll b ills pd. 
Hours 1PM-6PM 225 W. M istletoe. 
623-1611. 

APTS. FU R N ISH ED 

SI 5o. 
RA ond EV 
BA N D ER A ond EVERS RD. 
H ID D E N M EADOW 
5959 WURZBACH 
684-3311 

RETAIL SPACE 
O ft M cC ullough ll.OOOsq ft. suit, furn. antiques, J.A lte r 342-4151 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 

S145. 
R IT T IM A N RD. AT IH35 
THE FA IR D A LE 
66oo FA IR D A LE 
656-1oo1 

I A 2 B e d r o o m 
Apts. 

FURN.&UNFURN. 

Family & Adult Sections 

2 Pools & Playground 

Rentals storting a t 
$185 
Including Utilities 

PAINTERS MILL 
52oo BLANCO 
349-2222 

I 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INO. 
35o3 NORTH PAN AM 
273-3218 
MON. FR I. 9-6 

THE KINGSTON APTS. 
22o2 VANCE JACKSON 
342-9113, 826 1594 
The Westchester Apts are IS m in ates tram Randolph' 
2o2 W. C o u rtla n d , c le a n I b e ­ d ro o m , n e a r bus. L ig h ts and w a te r od. $135 
Dep re q u ire d 
Call for appointm ent, 223-4o43. 
W estchester Apts are iu st W hat you're looking for!______________ 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or over pay 
W ILSHIRE APTS. 
Block of Ft. Sam N orth Gate 
826-9159, 826-1594 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

AAAAAA Home of your own con be yours for as little as $2oo down and payments less than rent. No 
Credit? OK! 
J A J R E A LT Y 674-8883 A nytim e 
ALAMO HGTS. Adults only. 2 be­ droom s, ce n tra l a ir-h e a t, stove, refrig e ra to r, dishw asher, ca rp e t­ ing, drapes. $21o., b ills pd. $75. 
Dep. 826-737o. 
$17o a M o n th , b ills p d . 2 B e ­ drooms, central air-heat N im itz 
Apts. 5547 Blanco Rd. 341-5285. 
2326 ARBOR PLACE, I bedroom apt. Semi-forn. *5o. 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 

R e tail store space- any size, in locations throughout city. Coli M r 
Curtis, 349-2795 
Small reta il store, 1832 Blanco Rd 
$9o 344-o246- 342-oo83. 

, v M ' C 
Northeast SA. Priced at 14c sa. ft. net. M IC H A E L G. JO H N S O N , 
Real Estate, 826-56o8. 
W arehouse, a p p ro xim a te ly 3856 s a .f t . , lo w e r flo o r of 
14o 
F r e d e r ic k s b u rg 
Rd. 
$275. 
344-o246. 342 oo84 

What type Ranch do you want? 
RANCH M A R K E T 226-5184 
RI. 3 Box 221, Son Antonio, 78218 

H ilt country K e rrv ille arco. 25o acres. P ortly game proof fenced. 
| W ould m ake e x c e lie n t'e x o tic 
! nome ranch. W ill stock and man age tor you. E xcellent white tail deer hunting. $175,ooo. W ill fin ­ ance 1-866-3471 

W IM BE R LY -FISC H E R'S STORE 
32o 
A c re d e e r p a s tu re on p a v e m e n t o n d B la n c o R iv e r 
House, b a rn , ta n k s , o ve r 3,ooo peca ns sh a d e s o lid B e rm u d a 
Spring creek bottom . Owner fin ­ anced. G. Tuck 512-257-7791. 1o18 
Jackson Rd. K e rrv ille . Tx 

GUY 
CHIPMAN 

CO 
REALTORS 

276o AC RE ra n c h , n o rth w e s t 
; M edina County W ed, w a tered, 
! ond fenced. Choice cover native grasses. Good hunting. Priced ot i *35o per a c re w ith n e g o tia b le 
I terms. M arcellus G arrison (512) 
476 28o7________________________ 

535 ACRES-SGO ACRE 
N e a r F t. S to c k to n . H a s been 
I form ed. 2 Weils. Hyw Deer and quail. Rusty Russell, 2118 Rigsby, 

25 ACRES K E R R V IL L E . Rolling bids, huge tim b e r. S cenic w et weather creek, spring. 896-244o, 
257 7823, 896-1o18. 

Large lot ond ' j off Thousand 
Oaks Dr. $12,5oo. FIR M 342-65o8 I 333-5863________________________ 
OAK H IL L S , o v e rlo o k in g c ity ,! IOO ocres, bluff creek ranch, good terms $25,ooo 341-281 1 735-7683 h u n tin g , b ig d e e r, old in d ia n 
R andolph B lv d , R o bbard a d d i­ tion 1oox125, good location fo r 
54o.ooo or 55o,ooo home 822-364) 

16o ACRES j Lorge tank, fenced, cross-fenced. 
! Nice home, pens, cultivated lond and native pasture 

5o ACRES 
Excellent fences, kline ond coas­ tal gross, pens, w a ler well. Owner financed. 
Dick Young Real Estate 
Karnes City, Tx 1-78o-26o6 
(•Hill IftSfr MIU UCCf r VIM in u iu H JIA A A ft PA hunting mecca, call tor in form o I S a A L K E N — lion. 734-9363 
! TU nuMLO 

Residential homesite. I acre on 
Rice Rd. $65oo. Has fence and metal barn 924-8116, 333-3429 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 
S a c rific e - 2 lo ts : 
1 o o 'X 2 o o \ 
12o'X2oo'. H w y 471, M o u n ta in 
View acres next lo proposed loke site Leon Volley SD, 532-7922 
7oo T E R R E LL ROAD 
B e a u tifu l h ig h s lo p p in g lo t, covered with trees. 145' frontage in m ost d e s ira b le re e id e n tia l area. 824-3233 
MAZIE SALE H ILL, REALTOR 
1619-1623 W Houston. 1oox125 
ISI Pickford. Corner 5ox15o 
1431-35 Uarney SI. 1oox114 
Easy term s. Trode 
BEN FR IE D M AN 732-8o18 

• I UU ACntd • 
Coastal berm uda and peanut a l­ lotment in Wilson Co. Call M ichael 
Katiski, 828-8995. 
RANCH MARKET 
655-42o6, 226 S184 

IR ACRES ‘ 
CO U N TR Y E S TATE w ith 3 be­ droom brick. Seeing is believing! 
$69,ooo. 
EDW ARD S RANCH R E A LT Y 
695-848o 
1-535-4596 

LO V E LY trees. Well, barn, pens, 2 ponds. 
Mostly in coastal. I have others. 
Coil; 
226-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
JA Bess 
Real Estate 

6ox136 lo! Glosgov Near SE M ili­ tary and IH 37 S. $2ooo 924-8116, 
732 2666 
HYATT R E AL ESTATE 

IO ACRES 

18o ACRES 
I Mile west of Loke Medina, 12 M i. south of B andera w ith road ac­ cess to Lake M edina E xce lle nt hunting area. $45o acre Flexible terms, owner financed. 
Nifes, 
512-387-7386. 

VESTLAND 
________ 512-854-1o15 

H IL L 
COUNTRY 
NEAR 
K E R R V ILLE 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, lodge, tennis c o u rt. On 25 o c re s o r m o re . 
$1oo,ooo I 866-3471 
Home-2 story, 5 bedroom , 5 fire ­ p la c e s on 
96 w o o d e d ac, pavem ent, $75o an ac. Also 28 w o oded ac, d e e r, m ile pavement. $65o ac Near Waelder, 
Tx. 
HH RLTY, 512-596-458o 
21 h u n tin g a c re s , $52o dow n payment, $81.o7 per mo. In large ranch near la rg e ra n ch never horned. Owner w ill finance, call to inspect 734-7964 
IF you own property any where, w here you con t a ffo rd to sell because of capitol gam tax, but you would like to exchange for something else.................................. 
Perhaps we can help you, 
D EVAULT A ASSOC. 349 2677 
P roperty M arketing-Exchange 
IN BANDERA COUNTY 
About 8o-1oo acres, close to Son 
Antonio. V e ry reasonable. C oll 
1-249-2o69, with H.L. Davis Realty 
Co. in Boerne 
33.9 irrig a te d ocres of Quemado 
V a lle y land fo r sale bv ow ner, 
$4o,ooo, owner w ill finance, day 
(512)689-3o11, nifes (512) 425-4o45. 
JIM HOGG CO 335 ac, 16 m l SW 
Hebbronville. Bursh, game, $295. per ac 1-853-44o4. 

236 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 

ALAM O HGTS. 
8 u n it b u ild in g s ite and plans. 
Walk to bus, shops. M ake offer 
341-4455 
REALTOR S 
826-6716 
LA U RE N R. B A R N E B E Y 
APT. UN ITS-PLEASANTO N 
6 Units fun. plus livin g Quarters. 
Just $5o,ooo 
SIMMONS R E A L ESTATE 
1-742-3368 
S A. 342-4o53 

A REAL VALUE! 
MOTEL. 1954 E. Houston St. 
Owner w illin g to finance 
684 4211 1-751 9943 
PIO N EER R E A LT Y 

BT OWNER, 4.1 ACRES 
ZONED B l. 73oo Blanco Rd 
655-21o3 or 342-7o93 
E X C E L L E N T N O R T H C E N ­ 
TRAL LOCATION: for offices or retail space. 3ooo sq.ft. by owner. 
Coll Rick Brenner. 826-o684. 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sa. It. new m osonry building for sale, near expressway, easy term s fo r strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa. ft., M asonry building for lease, month to month or long term . 
4,5oo sq. 't. for lease. 
PEACOCK, REALTORS, 824-o511 
45o2 WEST AVE. 165o sq.ft. 535o m onthly. 45oo W EST AV E, 92oo sq.ft., $18oo m onthly. 344 1347 

A s t o r i a 
1o363 SAHARA 344-6191 
FU RN ISH ED UN FU RNISH ED 
S u n s h in e 
342 6 . SUNSHINE 734-4422 
•A U S TIN HWY E F FIC IE N C IE S * 
Bls pd S22-37wk 824-19o8 655-2537 
A u stin H w y- IH35 N. $7o-585. I bedroom co tta g e s; tu rn o r un- furn . Quiet, clean, parklike area. 
Bills p a rt pd. No children, no pets. 
826-4o51 
6815 B roadw ay, a ir conditioned, 
Studio opt- $1o5. 826-7913. 
145 C la re m o n t, off 32oo B rood - woy, I bdrm , $85, 227-7834_______ 
Close Loop 41o. E legan t liv in g , modest price. I and 2 bedrooms, bills pd. Furn-U nfurn. 341-8372 
Country livin g , UM I. Bandera, 2 bedrooms, bath, living room, k it­ ch e n , r iv e r fr o n t , fis h in g p rivile g e s. A ll u tilitie s pd SHO. 
Adults only. 1-796-3371, noon or evenings. 
825 E. C a rs o n . $8 S. B ills pd 
Deposit pay later. 227-45o4 
E fflu e n c e s , a ir, bus, shops $3o wk. $125 mo. up. Bills od. Section 
S. 534-34o1, 434 9645 

3oo-3o8 W. Josephine St 2 bldas 
A p p ro x . 6,ooo and 4,ooo sa ft 
Offices, warehouse or retail. W ill lease oil or port. Call 822-9529 
914 W. T R A V IS . Close to dow n­ town, zoned I; 
1822 W. OLMOS Bldg fenced lot. 
Zoned B3. 69o oo86 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

IN D U STR IA L LOTS V, Acre and up. Zoned 1-1; fu lly developed. 
V I P P ork. Easy term s. 433-1489 

2(4 ■ IHPUSTHWl W B B Y 

PR IM E LOCATION FOR LEASE 
Office building of 14oo sq. ft. Wa­ rehouse 4,ooo sq. ft. Located on 
Bandera Rd. I blk. south of 41o. 
684-4424. A fte r * 696-o5o5 

248 -OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

PRESTIGIOUS O FFICE SPACE 
In grow ing N.W. sector. Reasona­ ble rotes 
G reater S.A. Builers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W. IH-1o 696-38oo 

341o FREDERICKSBURG RD 
63oo s q .ft. o ftic e -w a re h o u s e , fronting 2 m ajor streets, excellent 
Lor contractor. Loren Drum Co. 
824-2115. 

Approxim ately 6oo sa. ft. of office 
Ispace to lease. 222 W. R H A P ­ 
SODY 344-6218. 

232 FARMS ftNO RANCHES 

A 271 Acre fo rm 2o m in. NE of 
S A. Good house, ta n k, w a te r 
Priced tor im m ediate sale. 
DEVAULT * ASSOC. 349-2677 
Property M arketing-Exchange. 
B • 

A 35 ACRE TRACT 
Lea key a re a -H e a v ilv w ooded, good hunting 52oo Down, Owner financed. Call EM O RY j o n e s ,! 
828 6244, 734 4627._______________ ! 
About 14oo acres. Bandera Co a lake, springs, cabin, great hunt mg ond fish in g , under $4oo per acre, term s 
RANCH M A R K E T 
(512) 824-o156 
_________ ____ 

2o V? Ac.-3 Bdnus 

East B exar Co., sm all tank, ex­ cellent tor horses ond b ird hunt­ ing. utilities. $15oo acre. Nites 
658-2o31. 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667 1154, 667 1333 
6 ACRES Fireplace, 4 bedrooms, repairs needed Priced lo move. 
Please h u rry ! SAM WORD, Real tor, 1-663-2621, Devine, Texas 

IO ACRES $15. MO 
West Tx. ra n c h lo n d in p re tty v a lle y n e a r to w n . No d o w n , 
Owner 824-88o7 
5 ACRES, n e a r B lanco, S699S, sm all down, long term finoncing by owner. 534-8876. 
35}« ocres northwest. Nice oaks, good hunting, good fences, sm all field 526,5oo 679-7413. 

216 ACRES good stock fa rm , 3 tanks, irrig a tio n pump and equip­ ment, 2 houses, only 45 m iles from 
Son Antonio. Some m inerals with production. For details call R N 
Brunnem ann Real Estate, (512) 
2/8-6542, (512) 2/8-9265__________ 

17o ACRE SHOWPLACE 
3o m i north-' i m i creek with w aterfalls 3ooo sa.ft. new 
4-4 home on biuff(balcony has a view for i m iles) cedar barn-stails-oens 

I 1,76o ACRES of I 1 j mi. Frio R iver fro n t, 4 m i. east of U valde By 
Owner 1-278-5466 
7o acres on 87 East. 2 bedroom, I bath, all utilitie s. 2 wells coastal with many oaks. Call 
924-4288TOM GARR ISO N534-2679 
2.19 Acres. On LaCosle Rd 54,ooo. 
Water Available, 674-2876 
1o7 ACRES-POTEET 
Nice home, pens, barns, ir r ig a ­ tion, 
12 ocres peanuts, equip., cattle. 
125 ACRES PO TEET 
New brick home, 37 acres pean­ uts, irrig a tio n 
__ I 
44 ACRES-POTEET 

 r to c k e r t ta n k n i r k e v e ? n ? i? 
R o o d 1 S ld e s ' 5 o m e ,r e e s ' R e 
­ s to c k e d ta n k t u r k e y - e x o t i c g a m e , yvill s u b -d iv id e 
Qualified buyers only-$425,ooo 
SIMMONS R E A L ESTATE 
1-742-3368_________ SA 342-4o53 

LAKEFRONT 
5 ACRES fronts lorge mon-mode lake, near Pipe Creek. E quity ond assume. 
EDWARD S RANCH R E ALTY 
*>$»48o_______ 
1-535-4596 

GOOD O P P O R T U N IT Y . H a rd ­ ware and lum ber in Medina Lake 
Area. Owner w ill finance. 
684-42)1 
P IO N E E R 
R E A LT Y 

ATRIUM GARDEN OFFICES 
(H and som e g a rd e n o ffic e s fo r 
I creative minds. Inform al, reason­ ably price d . C onvenient of 1938 
NE Loop 41o. Leasing. 826-3251. 
Henry S. M ille r Co. REALTORS 

LAND N.W. - 57.11 acres - about IS miles from Loop 41o. Small fram e bouse, good w a te r w e ll, paved roads. Owner w ill finance on easy terms. 344-1633, 733-7141. 

C 
J L H 
L C 
O 
L O V E L Y o il B ric k Home on 4 ocres, large greenhouse and 3oo peach frees. Irrig a te d w ith high w a te r p re s s u re . M a in te n a n c e equipm ent included in sole Ask­ ing *11o,ooo 
SAM C A M P BE LL 
656-7667 

WH M AYER R E A LT Y 494-3644 vVuodburmng fireplace, big trees. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
828-o665 
736-1766 
648-o87 3 
2oo acres hunting country, *99 5o I 27o ACRES R ANCH FOR c a i c 
W *T.S o N * ,SON' Reoltor 
O ff acre, 2o year financing, with I ,n B o n d e rl Co lo w fazes low 
8 a c re fa rm la n d , 56oo do w n 
5’* down paym ent, 7Jx% sim ple in te re s t R o nch is o rie e d io o, paym ent, 593 59 per mo Good interest. Owner financed, coll for below m arket value in aren Oniv w ater wed furn ished , ow ner fin-! ."form ation 734-7964____________ Jo n?!.^?o m co u rthouse ?n Son encina availzibie. G ood fo r re tir- u s A C R E S -Im proved near Tor 
A n to n io . 
C o ll 
P A. 
P e ts c h ement or bock to the earth call to p ie y . D e e r, tu rk e y . T e rm s .' 1-249 2o69 w ith H.L. Davis Realty 
_ ! Owner, t-562-3272, 828-o133 
Co in Boerne 

M edina R iver Frontage, only is min. from S.A Huge oaks pecans. 
51,3oo per acre. 
D E VA U LT A ASSOC. 349-2*77 
P roperty M arketing-Exchange 
MUST SELL 
11o Acres, 8 mi. south of Luling, 75 acre s coastal, 35 o cre s bru sh , tanks, good deer hun ting. $695. per ac 
Lahoma Properties inc. 349 2679 

See 734-9598 

NEW BERLIN AREA 
2 beautiful oak covered ocres with com fortable 3-2-2 b rick home with fireplace. 546,ooo firm . 
Land Locators of Tens 
S A. 667-1154, 667-1333 

HOLDUP 
Price Is a steal fo r office area, off 
62oo San Pedro. O wner c a rry at 
$3o,ooo 
Jim 
W agner 
344-2341, 
828-246o 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROPP 
House on c o rn e r m a in a rte ry , good for conversion, office- business. 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828 2521 
2 houses, corner W. Sunset, off 
Bdwy. 58o,ooo. 341-2811, 735 7683. 

Attention Wholesale Lum ber & 
Bldg. Reps.-Office Space 55o 
M offett Lum ber Co. 432-7881 
Choice Office Space. 18o sq.ft. up. 
On New North Expressw ay near 
A ir p o r t. 
R e a s o n a b le ra te s . 
C o ve re d p a rk in g . A ll conve n- iences. Coll 344-3456 weekdays 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES 
L u x u rio u s , no leose re q u ire d . 
Open daily. Office 3-JIoo, 5 *135; 
9-I14o, 
I !-$75. 
696-833o, nile* 
J41 2724 
NS O FFICE, Beacon Circle, close to A irp ort. 6oo sq. W. 344-8388. 

ID E A L office lo acafion on busy 
Montgomery Rd. 6 Yr. old brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath home, on almost 
>*ocre. Plenty of room for p a rk ­ ing. $55,ooo. Nites, 342-811o 
C e n t u r y 21 
TRICO, R ealtors 349-6491 
LO CATIO N PLUS lo rg e c o rn e r inside Loop 41o. Hwy 16 NW, bu­ siness potential. 824-45o7 
BEDIM REALTY CH 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
826 SOS I 
The best located apt com plex in 
San Antonio. Large, beautiful I or 
2 bedroom apts, beautiful sw im ­ m ing pool and court ya rd . Just seconds fro m d o w n to w n , n e x t d o o r to F t. Sam H o usto n ond 
B ro o k A rm y M e d ic a l C e n te r 
Convenient to B rackenridge Golf 
C ourse and tennis c o u rts. Con­ venient to alt m ajor expressw ays; 
IH35, IH37, (HIO and the new E x­ pressw ay. Reasonable rates, a ll bills paid. 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

BALCONES AP AR TM E N TS 
M a tu re a d u lts o n ly , 2 b d rm , 2 bath, all bills pd. I t l l Babcock 
349-8o65, Ofter 6 341-8o15. 

LEWIS ST APTS. 
1-Bedroom, fu rn . carpeted, a ir, utilities pd. $135. No children, no pets. W alking dist. to Baptist, M e­ tro p o lita n H a s., L u b v s , M a in 
Bank 226-8492. 

•LINDA APTS.* 
Save gas m iles! N ear tow n con­ venience. Effluences, I and 2 be­ droom s available I Block M ain 
Bank, Lubvs, Expway, Hospitals. 
226-8492. 

BE A U TIFU L Tree House Apts, in garden Complex, neor B ra cke n ­ rid g e Pk. T rin ity U ond D ow n­ town. View of City. Pool. Laundry. 
M odern and c o m fo rta b le . Man­ ager, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS. 1315 E. M ulbe rry, 826-1243 

AVAILABLE 

Choice 

Selection 

Beautiful 

Apartments 
LA 
ARBOLEDA 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 

6 5 5 - 9 1 o 1 

Call us about our close-in ru ra l properties. 2-8oo Acres 
Seitz A Assoc, R ealtors 824-2385 
C lean, c o n v e n ie n t. J u s t re fin - ished Couples preferred. 732-652o 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
PA R K LIK E GROUNDS 
2-BEDROOM-S235. B ILLS PO. 
PARKDALE APTS. 342-o191 
Corol Sands, 1515 W. Contour, 2 bedroom townhouse. $16o. W ater pd. 826-7913. 

512 E. Dewey $75 
Nice I bedroom a p r w ith liv in g , dining, kitchen and bath. N orth- side near bus. 699-o196 o r 733-1o83 

 let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
*OWNHOUSE-6PARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
8 2 8 -o 6 8 1 
PREE— No zhorge to you 
The P ro fe s s io n a ls in a p t. lo c a tin g .” 

A p a iitm d f-- 
VjJiMiljui 

• • • • • t m 

WAKEFIELD-STARDUST 

APARTMENTS 

 j_ » 

Ideally located on busline 
I, 2, ond 3 bedrooms. $18o to 
$35o On Rector ocross from North Slot Mull. 

• 

 r n rn' 

 r n 
• 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 
344-4558 

LIV E BETTER FOR LESS! 
GROUND LE V E L D U P LE X E S 
FURN OR UN FU RN 
E X C E LLE N T M AIN TE N AN C E 
H IG HLAND HILLS APTS. 
293) E. SOUTHCROSS 
534-88o8 

FONTANA APTS 
NO LEASE REQU IR ED 
You can pay your m onthly rent in 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. E n joy color 
TV, radio , pool, m aid-linen se r­ vice. A ll bills pd. W E E K LY rotes 
3414 F redericksburg Rd. 736 4444 
FR E E SERVICE 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 
F u rn . B a ch e lo r Apt. Heat, a ir, c a rp e t- p o o l. $12o 
B ills pd. 
824-7814 o r 828-9o9o Oft 6 PM 
$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt. 
A ir, 2 Blks Kelly. Call Any Day Or 
Night. 7 a.m. - IO p.m. 922-o634 
$133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
A ir, Call Any Day or Eves. 7:3o 
A.M. - 9 P.M. 333-1851. 
F U R N -U N F U R N 
U tilitie s pd, shag , 2 pools, *185 UP. Painters 
M ill 52o6 Blanco. 349-2222 
INCREDIBLE! 
S P A C IO U S ROOMS ON F A IR ­ 
W A Y S O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
GOLF 
COURSE. 
Pool, 
Club included. 
1 BEDROOM, FROM $184. 
2 BEDROOM, FROM $224. 
3 BEDROO M, FROM $239. 
PECAN VALLEY APTS 
345o E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-9o2o 

MANSION BLANCA 
Luxurious 1-2 bedrooms. B ills od 
5231 Blanco Rd. 341-4113. 
METRO HOUSE-DOWNTOWN 
M ODERN EF FIC IE N C Y -FU R N 
$12o. to $135. 213 4TH ST. 226-7333 
M O T E L e ffic ie n c y a p a rtm e n ts o n d ro o m s . By d a y , w e e k o r m o n th . 
D I2 -9 1 12, 
P E 4-6767, 
LE2-o152, CA7-47o2. N e a r F t. 
Sam. TA2-1377. 
Near Ft. Sam Expway. A ir. W ater 
Pd. $7o. 684-41o4 
N ear Ft. Sam, la rge I bedroom apt, $125 mo. 6oo E. Carson 
681-1o19. 
NEAR FT. SAM 
N ice I bed roo m fu rn a p t. A ir adults, w ater p<L $1oo 824-8369 
NEAR FT SAM 
N ice I bed roo m fu rn a p t. A ir, adults, w ater pd. $1oo. 824-8369 
N e ar St. M a ry ,s U., M o d e rn 3 rooms, carpeted, adults 
$9o 
732-2241 
NO LEASE RE Q U IR ED 
Near Ft. Sam and downtown. Et fie. Apts. Bills Paid, $89 per mo 
227-47o2. 1954 E. Houston. 
N orth C entral Location, E lm ira and McCullough and IH35 Near 
B o ptist Hos., SAC. N ew ly d e co r­ ated. N ear bus, adults only. No pets. I bedroom. W ater pd. si4o. w ith dep. 6 Mo. Lease. 226-53o1 o ffe r 6 ond weekends, 696-o73o 

NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A ttr a c tiv e 1 -b e d ro o m , d is h ­ washer, shag, pool Bitts od. $165 ond up. $25. Dep. IO M in. Ft. Sam. 
321o E IS E N H A U E R o ff H a rry 
W urzbach 822-9195. 
Northside 211 W. Cheryl. A real nice apt. Adults. No pets. Apply 
217 W. C h e ryl o r re a r cottag e 
433-3395, 433-5642 

OFFICE-W AREHOUSE SPACE 
Office 15X15, paneled, carpeted, air cond, heated, really nice and 
'v ir t u a lly new , good p kg , le w seconds fro m Loop 41o. W A R ­ 
EHOUSE, 525 sa ft. high ceiling, 
; concrete fioor, $21o per mo, lease avail, fle x ib le te rm s, near Med 
Complex, off Fredericksburg Rd. 
34) 5622 Tues-Sot 1o-6 for details 
PRESTIGIOUS private office and fa c ilitie s fo r in de p e n d a n t Real L a ra * J bdrm ant rn * „ i„ „ a i 
E state b ro k e r, c o m m e rc ia l o r 
O O '<«>♦«*. Alam o form god ronch. 349-2677._______ 
PR IM E IN EX PEN SIVE 
O FFICE SPACE 
Northwest San Antorno. 6oo sq.ft. 
Only $22$ per month 3 offices plus kitchenette W ell designed. Coll 
CHARLES SCHNEIDER 696 72oo 

Join o ur c o m m u n ity w h ere a ll ages share the good life. Relax in the pool or join your friends in the 
C lu b h o u s e . V e n tu re o v e r to nearby C entral P ark or W onder­ land. The Boardwalk offers 2 and 
3 bedroom apartm ents from *245. 
S% discount to persons 55 years or older. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G illingw ater Co. 

Hts off Broadwoy 828-68o6 
Large redecorated 2 bedroom, 2 bath apt. E xq uisitely tu rn in an­ tiques. Close SAC, conv. Ft. Sam. 
$275. 
All bitts pd 
341-6143 or 
824-5724. 

 fO» TMf FASTISt BtSUll$ 
ON A WANT AD 
TMI NUMBtB TO CAU 
IS 225-166o 
(XPPISS AND NCWS 

Professional 23oo ft. new building a f C o lo n ie s N o rth S h o p p in g a a d fL T ' r a 
.i i~<_ 
___ P«v> te e . 

L E T US DO IT 
A n y size . A n y w h e re ! We fin d 
YOUR A partm ent F R E E ! Owner 

841 N. St. M arys at Lexington. 4 large rooms, like new! A ir, bus, stores, bills pd. $35 wk or $14o mo. 
224-o629, 733-828o, 684-o834 
O ff B road w ay, I bedroom apts. 
Em ployed adults. B ills pd. $135 
Mo. 828-3765, 824-3575. 
O lm os Pk. choice 4 room apt., s m a rtly d e c o ra te d , w e ll tu rn 
$145. w ater od. 736-o453 
PAN AM APAR TM ENTS 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E DR. oft W eidner rd. M odern I Bedroom, 653-2663. 
5 Room, close lo bus, SAC, shop- 
P'og center. Cleon. 734-5833 
R O O M M A T E needed to s h a re apartm ent. 344-1516. 
SAC, TR IN ITY AR EA 
I Blk. bus, 3 room s, new pa in t. 
A vailable 27th, $125 Bitt* pd. 521 
E. Courtland, 651-668o. 
SAC-TRINITY AR EA 
I B e dro om , w a te r and gas pd. 
L a rg e screen porch, 5125. Cafe efficiency *8o. water pd. 342-7592. 

Center. A va il, late sum m er Ter rifle exposure. Call Ross Stevens 
699 1133 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
A partm ent Locators 828-5739 

Sharing a 3 bedroom a pa rtm e nt at the Boardw alk is easy on the w allet, iu st SHO each. You con divide your tim e among the pool, club room and la undry. We are also close to C e ntral P a rk and 
W onderland. 5% Discount to p er­ sons 55 yrs. or older. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G ittingw oter Co 

FOUR SEASONS APTS. 
1-Bedroom, .................................$17o 
Large I bedroom ...................... 52o5 
2-B e d ro o m l'9bath townhouse, .................... 
$26o 
Large 2 bedroom, 2 bath, 
$26o 
U tilities included Ideal location, across from Oak P ark Shopping 
Center, corner Nacogdoches ond 
New Braunfels ave. 
1779 NACOGDOCHES RD. 
824-o691 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
IDEAL LOCATION 
1 Bedroom, unfurn................... SIBS 
2 Bedrooms, U nturn 
$215. 
U TILITIE S PAID 
215 JACKSON K E LLE R 
_______ 824-9871 

T h e 
C o u rty a rd / 

 t i l 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 
All Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storoge N S Schools 

441) Gardendale 
696-4892 

HARRY WURZBACH 
La rg e 2 bedroom tow nhouse in 
4-plex. Stove ond re frig e ra to r, a ir , g a ra g e 
5165. M O R R IS 
RE ALTY, 654-o616. 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2-Bedroom, I bom $215. 
Across street fro m Lee H igh, 3 b lks. fro m N im itz H ig h , I b lk . 
Jackson Keller Elem entary 
M A IN TA IN E D W ITH PR ID E 
A LL U ILIT IE S PA ID 
233 Herw eck D r. 344-58o4 

ONE ELEVEN 
APARTM ENTS 
1 Bedroom 
$173 
2 Bedroom 
$194 

Newly decorated. 

I l l D o t D rive 

8 2 4 - 6 1 7 7 

8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

IF YOU Q U A L IFY 

1 Bedroom ! Both S142-S199 
2 Bedroom-1 Bom $159 *221 
3 Bedroom-2 Bom S179-S246 
A ll Utilities, Central A ir ond Heat, 
R e frig e ra to r, Range, D isposal, 
D raperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
U nits and M ore. A p p ro xim a te ly 
IS M inutes from M ilita ry Bases. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave. 

811 JACKSOM KELUER 
L o v e ly 2 b e d ro o m a p a rtm e n t available, $285 per mo., bills pd. 
Washer and d rye r included. Call 
Tom M cNeil, 349-1874. 
LA BAND ERA APTS. 
LU XUR Y I and 2 bedroom apts. 
1171 BANDERA RD. 433-3214 
Large I bedroom , stove, re frig . 
Upstairs in 4-plex, near SAC area, 
$85. Wafer pd. 733-894o. 
Large 3 room stone guesthouse, a ir, stove, refrig, fenced, garage, bus, adults. $85 
1135 
Rigsby, 
53B-8785. 
LE T US DO IT 
A n y size, A n y w h e re . We fin d 
YOUR Apartm ent F R E E ! Owner pays fee 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
Apartm ent Locators 828-5739 
LIVE BETTER FOR LESS! 
GROUND LE V E L D U P LE X E S 
FURN. OR UNFURN. 
E X C E LLE N T M A IN TE N A N C E 
HIG HLAND HILLS APTS. 
2931 E. SOUTHCROSS 
534-88o8 

LOCKHILL APTS. 
I Bedroom, clean, new and re a ­ sonable, $15o up. Ask fo r Lennie 
Thomas, 341-5151 or 344-9314 eves. 

L ft R TOWNHOUSE 
Bedrooms, air, heat. $t4o W ater pd. Patio. 158 El Mio-4o8 Ira. No pets. 3^1-8446, 494-5678, 824-6227 

C a r it e * , 
Arm* 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

[♦fie to 3 bdrm townhouses with fireplaces. 12 floor pions Adult 8 family Aieos 
6623 Callaghan Rd. 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 
CD 

W E S T C H E S T E R A P T S . 

EF F I C I E N CY 

1 - 2 - 3 U N I T S 

FROW SI6o 
WO -B IL IS PAID 

U U A U S T I N H W Y . 

8 2 8 - 1 1 o 5 

A M A C M A N A G E D 
PROPERTY 

Luxury Townhouse fo r lease. NW 
2 bedroom. 21 ? both. 2 story rock 
Fireplace, wet b a r, double g ar age, pool, appliances A va il July 
I. No pets. $395. 696-o578, 494 5625 

MANSION BLANCA 
5231 Blonco 
341-4113 

Luxu ry Duplex Neor Med Center 
661o S o u th p o rt. 3-2-2. k itc h e n 
PPI. in c. w a s h e r-d ry e r, f ir e ­ place. Sauna! V ery d iffe re n t not for everyone. Day 222-3751, Eve 
344-4429 

Near UTSA. M ed C enter ondU 
SAA, la rg e I b e d ro o m , fu lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n , c a rp e te d , draped. $15o. 341-7483 or 349-7o26 eves. 
NEED AN AP T - C A LL US 
TEXAS APT. LOCATORS 
349-3685»NO FEE»$15o up 
Nice, 2 Bedroom apt. P refer mid- dle oged person 735-6987.________ 

CAU 225 1666 
I 

V 
I 

E 
X 
P 
H m 
. N iW 
I 
H 
I 
— 
B 
M f 

• v 
; ; - 
^ 
, ■ 
• : S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S k:.* , # • 

2 l in e s 

I O 
D A Y S 

^ 
■ 
H r 
I M N C O M M m O A ii 
C A N C iU M U 

W I T H O U T 

H A I C C H A M M 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

4M • tfMTMBTHMmW 
IWHHHimaTI-IIWIMI 

I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

’ 2 o 5 . to ’ 2 2 5 . 

Ten fleer pions To choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar I 
Que grills, ketrtakers, fire- ptoses and beamed ceilings 

N ear N orth Star Mall 

1o362 SAHARA OR. 
349-2617 

Go Around frith Us at the 

C a r o u s e l 

A p i s . 

Newly Redecorated 
1 Bedroom $ 1 6 o . 
2 Bedroom $ 19o. 
7134 Blanco 
344-4332 or 
828-7393 

488 HUMES, DUPtEXES, 

 r n r n m m 

4§t HOMES. DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

 b o ti A n to nio E X PRES S -N E W 5 S u n d a y M a y 2 2 1 9 / / 

CHOICE RENTALS 
Many 3 and 4 bedrooms, central air, covered patios, fenced yards 
(all us today far your (KAI 
(STATE needs 

828-6391, ANYTIME 
DUME 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS—AMS 

NE loop Oft. 

U t M K S S OfWITIHIITIES SPI 
BDSIHtSS O P P M IT IiS 
5o1 ■ BUSIMtSS OPPBBTUWItlES SPI • BISMSS OPPBBTIIHITIfS 

THE 
G R E E N H O U S E 

 t BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

 fCb 
532-7389 

CHOICE RENTALS 
5175 
525o 
5265 
$295 
$4oo 

7o3S GLEN BASS 2 I CP .... 
2o5 THUOT LANE 31 vj-1 . 
643o ROBIN FOREST 3-2-2 .. 
84o7 GIEM ECHO 3 2 2 
2215 PIPESTONE 3-2-2 FP 

C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

A M r t m r n t f / 

 m 
S e l e e t o r . 
We’n find yours, free. 

OMN 7 DAYS A WVK 
Offices TMffOtMMOUT TtXAS 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

DIRECT COVICteOMDMCS TO 
4123 N. CWiTff A l IXFWY. 
DALLAS, rn . 752o4 

C E N T U R Y 2 T 

BOB RODGERS, REACTORS 
8 I o 7 B ro a d w a y 

CHOICE RENTALS 
8518 GUN SHADOW, 3-2 2, 
S295 
Central air-hoot, stove, refrigerator, privacy fence 

2435 SPUR DRIVE, 3-1-CP, SUS. 
Stove, fenced yard. 

47o2 CASTU QUEEN, 3 11, 
SIBS. 
2 
Air units, range, refrigerator, fenced, corner lot 

6 5 4 - 1 8 4 4 
3 4 2 - 4 1 1 5 
6 5 3 - o 5 7 o 
6 7 3 - 5 o 8 3 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

LANoLoHoS 
List your vacancies with U N IT 
BO! No ctsoroe' For Fast, FREE 
Referrals, Cal) our Landlord List­ ing Line tram 
»-e 7 
Oavs at 
735-9124.________________ _ 
2*1. targe living room, *175 per me. *5o deposit 
1814 W Kings 
Hwy. 733-7751 
Lean Valley. 3 bdrm, nos alt you need, all appl* fireplace 
United, 735 1121, lee (727 3) 
Like new Camelot It, 3-2-2, flre- olaced den, c a rp e ts , a ll ap ptiances, fenced *385 mo. *188 dep, 
Con collect. 
Boerne 
1-336 2442_______________________ 
_j Live Ooh. 3 bdrm, 2 bath, garage, large fenced yard. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (178-1) 
3-2-2, located N E I S o 
Range, d is h w a s h e r, fir e p la c e im - I m e d ia te occ u p an cy . 
*358 
6*4-43JO, 344 62o7 
DEANIE OWENS REALTORS 
152 Lost Forest- Live O ak 3 2-2, immaculate Covered patio, close to school. $255 mo 658 9831 
Lovely 3-1'i-t air, apple, fenced 
Club facilities. *235. 828-6o33 
M a c A rth u r T e rra c e , fre s h ly painted, 4-2’ j-2- separate dining room, large den, equipped kit­ chen, walk to schools, separate 
1ox1$ util, bldg., covered patio, 
I pool privileges. 828-9283._________ 
54o6 M ERLIN 
Camelot, 4 bedroom, refrig., stove and dishwasher 342-o933 
______ 
5 m inutes to L ac klan d , clean 
3-1-carpeted, central air. Fenced yard. SIM 458-1228.____________ 
N. Alam o His. 3 bdrm , appls, fenced yard with option 
United, 735-9121, tee (188-3) 
3-2-1 near Lackland K elly. Cen­ tral heat and air. Immdediate oc­ cupancy. 522o 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
DEAN IE OWENS REALTORS 
NEAR LACKLAND 3 bedroom, I bath home, air conditioned. 516o per mo. 474-5411 
RED CARPET 

I minute to flHT-1o. 
Private adult and family section. 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodstone Drive 

FRONT DOOR 
BUS SERVICE 

2-8EDROOM, $21o. 

 pool, UTILITIES PO. CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER ANO POST 
Office 
THE 
HABITAT 
3 8 1 5 W ES T A V E . 

- 
3 4 4 - 7 7 2 o mo 

H E S & flU D Q D O c 

1 , 2 , a n d 3 b e d ro o m 

A p ts . 
F u rn is h e d 

U n fu rn is h e d . 

 o r 

Bills part pd on this I bdrm. No deposit or lease. Only *55 
United, 735-9121, tee (219-3) 

$135 - 816o. 
BLANCO RO. and BASSE RO. 
1-2 Bedrooms. Gas-Water Pd. 
6831 BASSWOOD 342 37o2 
BIG 3-2-2! In El Dorado, complete kitchen,fireplace 656-1234 
HEB CARPET 
3-l’ i-i, carpet, drapes, stove, (rig, cent air, large fenced yard. 8o3 
Stonegate. Universal City. *25o mo. 494-5334__________________ 
4-2-2, C e n tra l a ir, c arp e t, ap ­ pliances, privacy fence. NEISD. 
Convenient to Ft. Sam and Ran­ dolph. *35o. mo. I Mo D es. required. 654-o814 Avail Aug. J. 

N E , 3 bedroom , 2 bath home, covered patio, carpeting *245 mo. 
ROSSI REALTY 
494 7781 
NE, 3-2-1, dbl driveway, 15oo sq.ft. carpet, fireplace, fenced. Nice yard. *295 mo 691-4449 after 5, 
655-25o5 
NE, 3-2, fenced yard, covered pa­ tio, 5 min from R.A.F.B 
525o. 
654-o837. 
No lease on this I bdrm . Bring your kids pets S»o 
United, 735-9121, fee (177-3) 

GENERAL 
New Son Antonio Which k pf#, rn business over 6o years OW fashion­ er) bldg and fixtures, has complete meet market, gas pumps counters, shelving, eft. I Ane land Many ap poitunities available for tim unique property 
BOOR STORE 
Specializing in rote, out of punt, Tit editions, used books, re fords, etc 
Great opportunity far right pwty 

LOCAL BAKERY 
Specializing in pies, wedding tokes, rol's hon » mode breads Ouistuo dtnq reputation 
Very successful business 
Owners health fortes sale 

LADIES READY-TO-WEAR 
Northeast area — Established and profitable store Good lines Qualifi­ ed personnel Owner will ossist in naming 

HAM8URGER-FRIES-MALTS 
Fast food restaurant thorn located near the coost. Fries includes choice real estate plus very successful businesses 

PICTURE FRAME SHOP 
Custom framing or do-it-yourself 
Excellent location. Owner will train. 
Super low price 

STEAK HOUSE 

Over 3,ooo »q ft Beautiful decor, web equipped, located in fast wow ng Northwest area Priced to soh this week 

MANUFACTURING OPPORTUNITY 
Henvy monufoctunng of products used by commerciol truck field 
Mony long term established customers on the books. Products sold world wide 

 horthstdo. 
ICE HOUSE 
Good business 
On premise beer license, regular clien­ tele. Will sell fast at this Tow price 

CONVENIENCE STORE 
Southside • has on-premise permit, dancing, barbeque, pool tables low price includes the real estate 

CABINET SHOP 
Rural mill and cabinet shop located in small town near S.A, fully equip ped ond operating business. Priced to move this week 

LAWN MOWER SERVICE 
Authorized sales and service dealer for major broods of town mowers and arr cooled engines A great business for young a! heart retiree 

COIN LAUNDRY 
North Equipment like new. Good traffic urea. seller will consider tease purchase 
CAR WASH 
Truck mounted unit designed to wash Haets on customer s Tocoiion. 
Good contracts on tho books, fine terms available 

CAFE 
Southside Captive trade, little com pohhon in mea Alang -term suc­ cessful operation 

MEN S CLOTHING 
Notthside 
Prestige areo lop hots, money-moker 

BARBEQUE 
1976 tax return shaws outstanding salts and profits. Best known nome rn the business Excellent location 
Skilled personnel may be retained 

ELECTROLYSIS STUDIO 
Ownet retiring and will teach purchaser the scientific hait- removal trade Business may be operated out of purchaser s home or apartment Very profitable. Good terms available 

MEAT COMPANY 
Specialty meals company direct to consumers operation, owner will train 

 selling 
Unique 

R E A L T O R 

MANY OTHER LISTINGS AVAILABLE. 
ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4 1 3 9 G ardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

696-5311 
24 H r. Answ ering Service 

NKSH M O W 
OWNER 
OPERATED 
BUSINESS 
This brand new one person business should moke o con tcientious Son Antonio am man or woman financially rn dependant 
(on be operated strictly port tim* or easily ex ponded into a very lucrative full 
"me operation when you choose 
Requires absolutely 
NO MUINO CM INVENTOR* 
Your good ctedit ond references and lust S8.SQo cash (sawed) could qualify you fat this truly once m a lifo-timo 
ONORI 
UNITY 
Serious inquiries only, please for details CAU TOU FREE 

I — 8 oo — 824-512o 
Operator I RODS 
CAUS ACCEPTED 24 HOURS 

CIGARETTE SUPPLY 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Part or Full Time 
Immediate need in San Antonio and or surrounding towns for distributors. All retail outlets are secured by company, therefore no product selling 
Become distributor for such nationolly ad­ vertised cigarettes as Winston, 
Cnmok, 
Marlboro, 
Poll 
Moil, 
Salems, Kools, Kent, etc. To qualify you must hove a car 7-B hours per week (days or teas). 
$ 3 5 o o CASH 
INVESTMENT REQUIRED 
For more information write: 
CIGARETTE DIVISION * 7 " 
PO Box 14, Rosemead, 
Calif 9177o 
Pit® it include your pHcui* number 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

Northridi hom e, school*, 
474 6o13 

 igo, lovely 3bdrm, 2 bath den, covd p a tio , NE 
51o 
Woodcrest, 
*395. 

NW 2-3 Bdrm duplexes, cent air, w a s h -d ry conn, a ll a p p ls, 
*19o *235. 341-4267, 435 o66o 

(si 
11721 Parliament 

3 4 9 - 3 1 4 9 

3-2-1, C entral air-heat, fenced, near Mod Center. Available June nth, 4814 Lyceum, 494-6339. 

N.W., 3-2-2, fenced, *275. 499-19oo 
DEAN IE 
OWENS 
CO. 
REALTORS 
NW. Near Med. Clr. 3-2 1. Carpet­ ed, central air. Fenced yard. *275. 
Dep required, 496-5298 after 5 and weekends. 

3 -11 - 1, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, ap ptiances, $235 mo CENTURY 21 
Schneider Realty 696 72oo 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8 5 3 5 GREENBRIER 
(■tost off Broadway amt North 
Loop 41o) 

(Close to Crown Tawor Bldg.) 

• Adults Only 
• Homa like atmosphere 
• 2 Bedroom, 2 both. 
• 2 Bedroom, I both. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• Laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid 

8 2 8 - 4 2 o o 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN APAR TM ENT 
Unforqetable as it* name 
I BEDROOM, 116o. 
2-BEDROOM, *215 
Have just added 2 new tennis courts 

U T I L I T I E S P A I D 
824-oo61, 828-7393 

CHOICE RENTALS 
4-2-2, appliances. Camelot .. *325 
3-2-2 opp. Valiev Forge ..........*33* 
3-2-1, appl. Wilshire Terrace $275 
3-2-2, range, Alamo Hgts 
.. *335 
4-2, appliances. C a m e lo t 
*3oo 
Century 21 
D E LA N EY REALTY 653-o55o 

The W estchester Apts are just minutes from IH35 ond Loop 41o! 
TV M ONITO RED SECURITY 
GARDEN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
GYM AND SAUNAS 
1-2-3 BEDROOMS, 12 BATHS 
*185. IO *275. BILLS PAID 
PARK TOWNE APTS 
434-4191 
2o11 BANDERA ROAD 
Between Hillcrest and Callaghan 
17o6 W Crair. 3 rooms, bus, water pd. adults S8o. 732-44o8 433-612o 

BELKNAP 
ARMS 
3o7 W . MISTLETOE 

7 3 5 - 4 8 9 1 

1 BEDROOM 
$215 

2 BEDROOM 

Townhouses 
$3o5 Up 

Utilities 
Paid. 
All un­ furnished. Pool. Laundry. 
Carports. 
Convenient to downtown. 
Trinity and 
SAC. 

Westchester Apts are 5 minutes trem Fort Somi 
3o1-o9-15 W. Magnolia 
A p artm ents from 51oo and up­ r e a r SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines. Call 733-9857. 
IOU W. Summit. $13o. 2 bedroom, 
2 bafh. 1418 W. Magnolia. I be­ droom. *65. W ater od. Appoint­ ment 344-1694. Some furniture if desired. 

4o6 - HOMES. DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

CHURCHILL - 1o6 ENCHANTED 
- Choice 3-2-2, *345 mo. 
LOU Forks 341-o11o 
Collins Gardens. I bdrm, no lease, low down. Won’t last for *5o 
United, 735-9121, lee (19o-2) 
4-2-2, Colonies North, all m ajor ap p lian ces , c arp e ts, p riv a c y fence, 2 'jB lk s . School, 5 blk* shopping. Convenient USAA, UT 
SA, ond Med. Center. 69o-1188. 
1212 C U L E B R A, 2 Bedroom house, semi-turn. *1oo 349-1479 
Hector J. Herbeck Inc., Realtors 
Custom I bdrm, cent A-H, appls, fireplace, privacy fence, study 
United, 735-9121, tee (227-2) 
CUSTOM BU ILT DELUXE 
Best Northside location. Duplex. 
Total privacy. 2 bedrooms, king­ size bath, unusual dramatic living room with indirect lighting Slid­ ing door to patio. Cedar fence encircles huge backyard. Vien­ nese sheer custom d rap e ries, shag carpeting, exquisite floor- plan Full built-in electric kitchen. 
*275 mo 341-2222 Anytime. CEN- 
TU RY 21 Ray Teal, Realtors 

Dandy NW townhouse. 3-2'i, cent air, washer, many extras. 
United, 735-9121, fee (176-1) 

315 Bryn M aw r (N ) 3 bedroom, air, fence, *2o5. 826-7913. 
Cottage, cozy, clean, air, utilities pd. *1oo Single 223-3568. 
E 
M Y R T L E . I b e d ro o m /n e a r 
SAC and Trinity. 735-71 36 
F t. Sam . I b ed ro o m , ! b ath , fenced, water pd. *95 828-2722 
Just starting? All bills pd. Fenced for Fido. *1oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (175-3) 
*185 m onth, 2 bed ro o m , a ir , fenced, oft West Ave. 735-7474. 

SLA p l a z a ; 
• 341-4621 
• 

$1 * I -2-3 Bedrooms 
^ 
£ • Single and Family 
_ 
Sections 

™ 
• Fireplaces 
W 
£ a Tennis 
Q 

• 
115 NW LOOP 4 1o o 
• 
Across From 
# 
• 
North Star Mail 
# 

• 
• 

ISI Moss Valiev, (Lackland, Kel- ly) 3-1, fence, oir, 5165. 826-7913. 

No down paym ent, *2o closing cost, anyone can buy, 3-4 be­ drooms, 2 baths, some with cen­ tral air and appliances. Payments less than rent 
BOB DePAOLO 
344,3o91 
REALTOR 
NW. 2 Bedroom, Centrol oir, car­ pels, patio, steel window guards, built-in kitchen, bills od. 433-4387 
NW Small quiet, luxury complex. 
7 bedroom, I 1 ? bath Townhouse, 2 bedroom, J bath Apt. Both plush carpeted thru-out. U tilities fu r­ nished. 342-331o. 349-o719 
OAK HILLS VILLAGE 
Apartments and Townhouses 
*175.Up 1847 Babcock 344-9226 
Off Broodway, upstairs duplex, adults only. *15o. 822-7165. 
Off Locknut Selma 2 bedroom, 2 both. Clean, quiet, adult 4-plex. 
Bills Pd. *225. 341-1787 

Need your yard kepi? fenced 2 bdrm, fine for kids-pets *14o 
United, 73S-9121, fee (185-1) 
NW I bdrm Duplex. Ail bills pd. 
Going tor *135 Kids-pets ok 
United, 735-9121, fee (183-1) 
South San special. 2 bdrm with appls, air, won t last *125 
United, 735-9121, fee (177-2) 
Try this carpeted 2 bdrm with air, appls, water pd. only. *14o 
United, 735-9121, tee (197-3) 
Woodlawn Terrace. I bdrm ha* garoge, wafer pd. Only *1)5 
United, 735-9121, tee o79-3) 

4o8 * HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

AAAAAAAAAW .. Still renting? 
Own your own home. Some only 
*1oo down! No Credit? No prob­ lem' 922-2173, 675-9294, 673-4714 
PAT MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
AAAA-DEAL. Be an owner, not a renter. No down payment to an­ yone! August payment 
696-742o SLATER RLTY 344-o936 
A BIG S E L E C T IO N of 3 and 4 bedroom homes to rent, own or lease with option to buy. S22S to 
$525 mo. Call 
EX EC U TIVE, 824-5345 ‘til 8 pm 

A 1 CHOICE RENTALS 
We have the newest and best 3 and 4 bedroom homes in North 
Son Antonio All of our homes ar# less than I y r. old 
D ra p e s , privacy fenced. R efrig erato rs, carpeting. $3oo to *45o per month. 
Call us anytime! IN R E A L INC. 
733-9184 
__________________ 

3-2-2-den, all e lectric kitchen, central heat - cir. fenced yard. Off 
Babcock beh ind M o rn in g s id e 
M anor. N ear bus and M edical 
Complex. $255. 
732 7987STSVE MARTIN735-o825 
3-2, den, double garage, fenced yard. Available Moy 24. $32o mo. 
344-2341 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 
DON T RENT 
Buy ■ Nothing down to anyone. 
Easy to qualify. $2oo Total move in cost 
674-6126_______ RAE Real Estate 
Do you want to rent? Lease with option to buy? Or own your own home? 3 or 4 bedrooms, $2oo *55o mo. Call IN T E R S T A T E R E A L 
ESTATE, 828-o75S ’til 8 pm. 
Duplex at 115 Brettonwood, 3 be­ droom, 2 bth, central heat and air, carport, fenced yard, water od, yard kept, convenient to Ft, Sam 
Houston, *225 mo 655-262o. 
$1oo 
• duplex 
- 
Completely furnished 
5185 - 3-t-l-kifchen appliance* - fenced 
*215 - 4-M - completely carpeted - fenced 
*225 - 3-2 townhouse • kitchen appliances - 
*285 to *325 • 3-2-2 appliances • 

' “ “ f c a W f t f l i T B 
) 
Beanie Owens Cn 
REALTORS-Austin Hwy Ofc 

NW- Rolling Ridge. 4-1>j-2, cor­ beled, built-in stove, dishwasher. 
5325 mo, Deposit. 684-6517 oft 5 
3-2-2 Olympia (N E ). Drapes, car­ pet, fenced, cent air. Rent lovety 
*35,ooo home for $295 mo. 655-o454 
3-1'? on quiet side st. p riv a c y fenced, stove, refrigerator, dish­ washer, ond air. near Ft. Sam and 
Randolph S235 826-8491. 
Palm Hts. Large I bdrm, fenced for all. Low deposit. *8o 
United, 735-9121, fee (181-3) 

Rentals! Rentals! 
U N IT E D HOME R ENTALS has the largest selection of rentals in 
San Antonio Hundreds of vacan­ cies daily to choose from . Stop wasting time ond gas! Call 
U N IT E D 735-9121 9-9 7 Days or stop by 44o4 San Pedro 
RENTALS 
WE HAND LE 
Choice NE Rental* 
BUDDY UECKER 
824-7361, 1324 Austin Hwy. 
124o SAN ANGELO, oft Catalina, nice 2 bedroom duplex, complete­ ly unfurn. *1oo. 736-5711. 
San Jose 2 b drm w ith a p p ls, fenced, new paint. *135 
United, 735-9121, fee (182-2) 
Section 8 4 bdrm with den, fenced, has air, stave, carpet. 
United, 735-9121, fee (211-3) 
Shenandoah 4-2-2, S35o per mo. I yrs. lease, dub facilities available 
492-2174. 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

PORCELAIN REFINISHING 
B athtubs, la v o ra ta rie s , tile , on location 
O w n e r w it! assist. N ets 
S I 5 ,o o o yr. 
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
N '£ . 
IO o p e ra to r shop, gross 
{ 7 o ,o o o + . 
N e t. 
$ 1 3 ,5 o o . 
$ 1 o ,o o o dn. 
MEXICAN FOOD RESTAURANT 

Gross S I 5 6 ,o o o + . N ets $ 3 1 ,o o o 
+ yr. Seat IS S . $ 4 5 ,o o o . Term s. 

EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
N e a r base, gross $ 3 o ,o o o yr. 2 6 m achines, 12 d ry e rs , $ 8 ,o o o dn. 
CLEAN FLORAL SKOP 
N ’la s t, grossing $ 3 5 ,o o o -4 . N ets 
$ 1 o ,o o o + yr. 
Nice fix tu re s . 
$ 1 o ,o o o dn. 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N ’side, seats 
SO, nice fix tu re s . 
Gross $ 6 2 ,o o o yr. $ 6 5 o o dn. 
BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
N I, clean fix tu re s , good stock, top loose - p k g . $ 2 7 ,o o o term s. 

$ 3 4 o ,o o o yr. stock. 
G ood 

DRUGSTORE-LIQUOR STORE 
N ’W , grossing 
C lean fixtures, term s. 
STEAKS i SEAFOOD 
W ith p ro p e rty . Seats IO O . Gross f t 3 5 ,o o o 
A nets 
$ 2 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 2 5 ,o o o dn. 
FINE RESTAURANT 
N 'l gross 
$ 2 4 o ,o o o . 
N e t 
$ $ o ,o o o y r.. 
G ood le a s e . cee (mw J- 
DAIRY QUEEN 
I N 'S id e re a l cle a n . Seats SO, G ood y - g a rk m jk 
N ets 
$15,Oo6 

SEVERAL MIX DRINK CLUBS 
N .W . an d 
N .f, 
C lean fix tu re s . 
G ood business, p a rk in g . 
Nice farm s. 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
M ix e d drinks. Seats 
12 o . Gross 
$ 1 8 o ,o o o 
N e ts 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
$ 3 o ,o o o dn. 
7 
LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close ta base. W ith pickup sta. 
Grosses $ 4 9 ,o o o 
N ets $ 1 5 ,o o o yr. $ 1 o ,o o o dn. 

735-9458 
735-8611 

 sot- B D M S OWDBTmtlTlES 
5o1 • BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

Spacious 3-3-1 with cen! atr-heaf, fenced, 2 patios. SISO 
United, 735-9121, fee (184-1 > 
Super 3 bdrm, 2 bath, dbl garage. 
All appls. fenced for kids and 
Rover. 
United, 735-9121, tee (815-3) 

8 DMITS AVAILABLE 
4 units fire damaged. Other 4 are ready to rent. Entire 8 units for 
*5oo per mo. A t is condition. 3o3 
E. 
C o u rtla n d , c o rn e r of 
McCullough, Brenner Co. 344-347) 
Valley Forge. 4-2-2, den, covered patio, fireplace, central air, car­ peted. No pets. *395. Eves and weekends 532-6893, 656-1187 
Want to be close to Ft. Sam? 2 bdrm, appls, fenced *14o 
United, 735-9121, fee (223-3) 

1238 VV. C R A IG 
5 room, carport, patio, Center, bus, churches schools. No pets inside or outside. Water paid. *12o mo., SSO deposit. 828 1657_________ 

WILSHIRE VILLAGE 
2-1-1, Stove, refrigerator, clean, w indow a ir , no p e t*. *165. 
Owner-Agent. 653-4139 
W INDSOR M A LL A R E X - 4 be- droom s, c en tral H A, p riv a c y fen ced , c o rn e r lot. *279 m o. 
922-21 73, 674-75o9 
Woodlake 3 bdrm, has all conven­ iences plus appls Hurry' 
United, 735-9121, fee (192-1) 

D UPLEX 3-2 Jefferson Area Im ­ m e d ia te 
O ccu p an cy. 
$27 S. 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
DEANIE OWENS REALTORS 
DUPLEX, Nacogdoches and 41o, 
Unfurn. Newly painted, carpeted, draped, 2 bedroom. I bafh, full kitchen appl. Washer-dryer conn. 
C entral a ir-h e a t, patio, la rg e , fenced yard, yard kept Adults. 
Water pd. 5225. 824-5642. 
Economy I bdrm with no lease. 
Fenced for kids-pets. Hurry! SSS 
United, 735-9121, lee (186-2) 
Edison 3 bdrm, with dble garage, fenced yard. Call now 
United, 735-912), fee (19o-1) 
El Dorado, 4 bedrooms, 2' tbaths, fenced yard, NE Schools, Avail. 
Isl July. *395. 656-1o6o. 

Alamo Hgts living room and din­ ing room , k itc h e n , b re a k fa s t room, 3 bedrooms. I bath, grar- age Stove, re frig , central air. 
*285 Mo. Water only pd. 225-4127. 

E. Terrell Hills, 3-1’ t-l, central air-heat, appliances, fence, car* pets, drapes, reierences, deposit, lease 52oo 656-46o7 

4-PLEX, Fresh paint and carpet, central air, w ater pd. no pets, 
51oo. dep. l l, 7oo sq. ft. 5135. 2-1, 
9oo sq. ft plus 25’ patio, 517o. By appoint only. 735-551 1, 434-3o1o 

PRESTIGIOUS TOWNHOUSE 
Lovely 2 bedroom, I'zbath town­ house in beautiful NE. WASHER- 
DRYER Conn *29o. mo. 
APARTMENTS U N L IM IT E D 

. 
828-o681_________ 
114 Q U EE N A N N E , *13o 
I be­ droom, bills ad. some furniture if desired 
GUEST HOUSE, *125. w aler od. 
132 Perry. Appointment 344-1694. 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies 
I and 2 bedrooms 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
THE V IL L A FONTANA 
123 BRACKENRIDGE AVE. 
(OFF 27oo BROADWAY) 
828-1191_________ 

Another economy I bdrm fenced for kids-pets. No dep *45 
United, 735-9121, fee (216-1) 
2-2 A P A R TM E N T - dishwasher, ronge, refrigerator, included Im ­ m ediate occu p an cy. 
*18o. 
684 433o, 344-62o7 
DEANIE OWENS REALTORS 
; 
BABCOCK NORTH, 3-2' a-2, large tow nhouse, r e lrig , w ash er, covered fenced patio, draped, 
I carpeted. Clean. No pets 492-1359 
’ 
85o8 BARRANCA 
Duplex, Southside, 2 bedroom , 
; refrig and stove. *135 plus dep. | 
’ 342-o933 
__________ ________ 

Executive living, 6 bedroom, new rock hom e, sup er k itc h e n , 3 baths, fire p la c e , n o rth e a s t schools, close Ff. Sam, Avail. Isl 
June. *45o. Mo. 653-o436. 
EX EC U TIVE RENTAL 
B eautiful brick 3*2-2 in Shady 
Oaks. 545o a mo. Coll for appt. 
532-3252 
N IT E * 494-14o4 
Century 21 
W A K E FIE LD REALTORS 

*21o, 3 bdrm, I bath, air, ref req, avail 6-15. 826-8922 oft 3__________ 
2 bdrm, cent air, copis, fenced and yard's kept. N. Olmos. 
United, 735-9121, tee (25o-1) 
3 bdrm*, close to SW Research 
Garage. Now *2oo 
United, 735 912), fee (253-2) 

SBB the test- COME lo the BEST. 
VILLAGE OAKS APTS. 
8o)1 N. New Braunfels, 828-4242 
Studio townhouse. 2 bedroom, I both, also e ffic ., I bed ro o m , sprit-level, Oak Hills. 341-1262 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 
Large I and 2 Bedrooms 
FROM *122.5o. (FU R N . *148.) 
116 VANOERHECK 826-2369 
OFF N. NEW BRAUNFELS 

2 Bedroom, I bath duplex, *295, mo. 3228 Stonehoven, 696-4624. 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, fenced, polio, a ir, ap p lian ces, N E IS D , n ea r 
Windsor 
Park, 
FL 
Sam. *235. 
734-2256. 
___________________ 
3 B edroom H om e. *125. 
Remount near R ittm an. 
22) 

3 bedroom house. Close to bus and schools. Call 433-7213____________ 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, stove, 8315 
Running Horse, *185 mo. 
3 Bedroom s, stove, re f., 85o3 
Creek Bend, *175 mo. 
696-742o Woyne Sloter Rlty 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom, l-Bafh, 523o. 
3 Bedroom, 
2-Both, 
BOO sq.ft. 
13oo. 
Located south of Joskes, North 
Star Moll, oft McCullough. 
ALL U T IL IT IE S PAID 
2o2 B lR C H L tAF, 342-o285 

JO* THI EASIEST #C5UlfS 
ON A WANI AD 
THI NUM&IA TO CAU 
15 225 1666 f XPRESS AND N IW5 

2 Bedrooms, near Montgom ery 
Word warehouse, adults, *14o. 
341-396o. 
___________________ 
2 Bedroom, swim pool, club house and laundrom at. Couples only. 
Baby OK Northside. 684-o968 
2 Bedroom unfurn house, *125. I l l 
Waugh, coll 534-4652.________ ____ 

BEL MEADE 
Lovely home, 2 bedroom, 2 bams, den, 2 fireplaces, electric kitchen, extra room and bath 5295 Call 
PENNY NEW MAN 826-574o 
ROBY-YEARGAIN REALTORS 

IN THI (APRES* NEWS 
CALI 225-1666 

6o27 FOREST SHADOWS 
4-2-2 thru July only 
58o2 DAN DUREA 
3-2-2 
*42o 
73388 CH ER R Y BROOK 
3-2-1 
125o I 
681o FOREST GROVE 
4-2-2 
*37o < 
75 STORY WOOD 
3-1 
$235 j 
711o LARKSONG 
2-1' j-lcp 
*2o5 
7116 LARKSONG 
2-t-lCp 
*195 
Duplex 
48o7 LAMBETH 

W O O D L A K E . 3-1, p re tty and clean, centrol Oir, carpeted, ap p fio nee*, fenced, den, sunken rooms. N ear Ft. Sam and R an­ dolph. 337-3921. 
6o9 W. Pyron. 2 bedroom, *98 mo. 
Inquire at 1837 Pleasanton Rd 

4 1 o - W IM ES . B B H BB SELL 
I I T d o r Xd 6. TTTTcTosT'fnorn 
Lake, near gram m ar school *325 mo. Avail. I June. 654-6181. 
412-EMMS. raiMSHED 

D A IL Y-W EEKLY-MO. RATES 
NAVARRO Hotel 116 Navarro 
For Permanent Living 
Downtown, Check out the 
TRAVELERS HOTEL 
Most Reasonable Rates 
22o Broadway 
_ 
Need 2 people over 4o to share house in country. Carpeting Cent air, on 3 acres. Can have garden or animals. $25 wk. *24-2481 
Spacious, clean in Lovely Home. 
Own entrance, both. 434-7154. 
Windcrest, bath, kit pnv prefer lady, non smoker, 653-454o. 

5o]_ 
W H IT IE S 

■A SSUM E F a Y m T s-38 ACRES 
Ranch near St.Johns Arizona 
Pay 2 back povmts $189 each 
Was *13,o88-now *11,282 due 
Call Ben collect 6o2-947-8o11 

W h i t e s h a s 
I t I 
AN OPPORTUNITY 
FOR TEXANS! 

Want to be your own boss? Own your own business! Each dot on the map indicates a cith where WHITES is seeking a franchise to open and operate another WHITES AUTO 
STORE Over 147 Texas towns to choose from, plus other prime locations in neighboring stoles. Could you be the one we're looking for? 

WHITES is a complete home and automotive center with 6 5o modern stores in I 7 states, including 
Texas, and plans rapid expansion in the 
South. 

We ll put you on the road to success and lifetime security. 
Whites does not charge franchise fees or overrides on sale*. 
Investment of 
$ 3o,ooo and up is required, depending on lh<? size store you select. 

Have money to invest? Call our nearest sales office. 
You will receive, straight facts without pressure and without obligation. 

CALL OR WRITE: 

John Phillips 
P.O. Box 31oo 
Lufkin, Texas 7 5 9 o ! 
Ph. AC 713 632-4471 wjomm 
A U T O 

ON THI M O YE IN TEXAS A N O OTHER SOUTHERN STATES! 

[We Need You at north Arrienczr 

 lf you want to own 

 your own business. 

 join northAmerican’s growing fleet of owner/operators. 

 northAmerican needs peo­ ple like you. People who want to decide their own futures. 
W e ll help you start on that future. . by giving you complete train­ ing and by providing trac­ tors at reasonable down payments, 

 like anything worthwhile, it requires on outlay of time and on initial investment (a minimum of $2,1oo to a maximum of 
$3,8oo) which includes the down payment on o tractor and interim living expenses while you take training in driving, business oper­ ations, loading ond paperwork. 

So if you're 21 or over, in good physical condition, have a good driving and work record, and meet the financial requirements. . . and if you're looking for something more than just a job, contact us now.- 

C a ll t o ll- fr e e 

8 o o - 3 4 8 - 2 1 9 1 

 or write: 

 northAm erican 

V A N LINES 
P.O. Box 4 9 5 , 
Dept. 28358 
Fort W ayn e, Indiana 
46 8o1 
Art Equal Opportunity Company 

IN D E P E N D E N T 
D IS T R IB U T O R S H IP 
M ajor merchandiser offers equal opportunity to men ond women to own a profi­ table business. No selling, high earnings, part or full time. See our Business Op­ portunity Ad in Sports Sec­ tion and then call Dan Brock at 512-732-5141, 9AM to 9PM 
LA RG E B E ER TA V E R N AN D 
POOL ROOM FOR RENT $18o 
MO- 7235 NEW LA R ED O HW Y 
226-779o ________________ 
Local Corporation President has" 
New Tangible items To Assemble, 
P ackage, and Prom ote Nation 
Wide Want Highly Dynamic In­ dividual or Group to Form Cor­ poration. Cosh Outlet oI *12,ooo 
Far Raw M aterials, and O pera­ tion Cost Will Give you 49% of 
Potential of Literally Millions Of 
Dollars in Annual Sales I Am For 
To Busy with C urrent Com m it­ ments Ta Prom ote P ersonally, 
And Would Rather Have Half A 
Loot than None. I Am A Native Sa 
Antonian, and Will Welcome R<gtd 
In v e s ti Olton. You M ust Do 
Likew ise 4*1 7645, 653 6335 or 
461 3276. M r Holt 
LO UNGE on S St M arys. Fully equipped For sole or lease. Plen tv of parking. Coli Larry. Allied 
Amusement 923-6211 
LO UN G E - rem odeled and com ­ pletely furnished, 922 S.Pine, A re a l m oney m a k e r! *158 p er month. 274 1414 or 824 4919 
M IN IA T U R E G OLF COURSES earn *18.ooo *25,ooo In stalled outdoors or indoor. No more sea sons. Priced at *1o,9oo Excellent fin a n c in g 
L O M M A E N T E R ­ 
PRISES,INC. Scranton, PA 185o1 
T ji. (717)346 5559 
M IN I B IK E B U S IN E S S FOR 
SALE, tires and wheels included, 
674 3769 
NO RTHSIDE 23 Unit Motel E x ­ cellent condition. E xcellent in- come. 69o-859o. 

 r FIRST PUBLIC OFFERING! ^ 
NO W OPENING NEW TERRITORIES 

Be owner-operator in business of defecting 
Hot Checks and Bad Credit for: retail, finan­ cial, medical and commercial credit grantors. 

W e are a totally computerized credit detec­ tion service that allows the businessman, by means of the telephone to accept anybody’s check, or approve anyone's application for credit. In 3 seconds! 

Franchise now available, lf selected, you will represent the world's largest company of its kind. 

Prime protected territories still available in 
Texas. Investment required. 

For more information call: 
G e o rg a n n a M a ts , M a r k e tin g D ire c to r 

( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 2 - 8 1 8 3 o r w rite 
P.O. Box I 3 6 9 8 , San Antonio, Tx. 7821 3 

A division o f Search International, Inc. 

N’WEST NIGHTCLUB, Excellent 
Ideation, Gross excess $1oo,oo8 yr. 
Reply Express-News Box 4164, 
San Antonio, Tx 78297 
•Own Your Own Business 
White 
Auto Stores, 391o Call Field Rd 
Wichita Falls, Tx (817)692 341o 
P A R T N E R W A N T E D tor new downtown flower shop Reply Ex­ press News box 2625 
PEST CONTROL COMPANY 
C om pletely equipped plus cu t tomers, 824-5144 after aPM 

ASSUME PAYMENTS-4o ACRES 
Ranch near St Johns, Arizona 
Pay 2 back payments $1o9 each 
Was S13,ooo-now *11,282 due 
Call TED collect 6o2-947-8o11 

4-2-2 

3-2-2 

3-2-2 

49o2 LAM BETH 
*35o 
55o M ERK EN S 
$265 
75 STORYWOOD 
3-1 
1235 
7o47 CASTLERIDGE 
3-1-1 
$28o 
Century 21 
W H ITEH EAD-HO LIDAY 
341-7115 
REALTORS 
F t 
Sam. I bed ro o m . I bath, fenced, waler pd. S75 128-2722 

AUTOMOTIVE 
AFTERMARKET 
Unlimited profit potential can be appreciated in this high volume ouDiex business. Full training Corporate 
1 9Ut(j o nce and a d v e rtis in g program —Total turn-key a rra n ­ gem en t*. *1o,o8o m in im um in­ vestment. For details, coil collect, 
(512)478-6627. 
SOS 

BARBER SHOP, 3 Barbers, out- side main gate to Security service bose. Absentee awner. $32oo. Bab 
923 2582 

SOLAR BUSINESS 

Southeastern Solar Systems, established manufacturer of 
Solar Energy equipment and related products, now of­ fering to selected individuals distributorships in this ex­ 

 panding business. $55oo investment required, secured by 

 equipment. Complete training ond engineering support. 

Call or write: P.O. Box 848 
Addison, Texas 75oo1 
(214) 387-4756 
Ask for Jack Johannsen 

PLANT AND G IFT SHOP 
N'E, Under ss.ofto 
655 5684 or o55-4822 

NEW ! 
NEVER OFFERED BEFORE' 
NO COMPETITION1 

D I R E C T 

C O M P A N Y 
WHOLESALERSHIP 
• PROFIT 
MARK-UP 1oo% 
VERY HIGH 
VOLUME 
BUSINESS 
Company marketing horn national company with a 25 year record of success rn a 4 billion dollar industry seeks local wholesaler 
NO SELLING' 

ACCOUNTS SECURED 
BY COMPANY 
HUNDREDS - 
AVAILABLE IN THIS 
AREA 

You may visit m e factory and 
.talk lo our Wholesalers 

IMMEDIATE INCOME 
WITH MONEY BACK 
REPURCHASE 
AGREEMENT 

M en or Women, full or part time This is not a franchise. 

CASH REQUIRED 

$995 
For Free Brochure 
Mailed To You Call i -8oo-643-9793 (Toll Free 
Anytime Night or Oay. 
Sundays Too!) or send name. 

STE-NEL’. INC 
Lakewood Village Mail 
Fairfield Bay Arkansas 
72o88 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
Dunn A B rod stree! says 'Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d ry and D ry 
Cleaning Store* are one of two industries with the least failure figures 
K W IC X w a s h coin o p e ra te d laundry and dry cleaning test stores for sole 
WE HAVE choice laundry loca­ tions in every part of San Antonio ready to build now. 
BANK RATE FINANCING 
For information call Ed Floyd 
517 684-377 1 or v is it our w ar ehouse-shewreom at 54o3 Jack wood. San Antonia, Tx 78238 
R S E S TA U R A N T on three lots, pecan orchard, water well, on two highways. *68,o8o Udown, owner will carry papers (915)396 2134 
Of (915)396-2528 

$ 
TIRED OF THE RAT RACE? 
NEED ADDITIONAL INCOME? 
Raise Earthworms for Profit 
★ No selling involved 
-Ar We buy back your production 
★ You decide monthly income 
★ No pressures 
★ Complete instructions 

 i f Buy back agreement 
★ Retirees invited 

We need growers in our area to help supply the 

 m arket. Great retirem ent or supplemental income. 

Be your own boss & enjoy life. For inform ation. 
WORM ENTERPRISES INC. 
13498IH -3 5 N . 

San Antonio, Tex. 78233 
(5 12 ) 653 -5 1 4o 

SKATING RINK , 12,8oo SO FT. on South P a d re Island D riv e , 
Corpus Available for lease now 
Coll Phil WollOCk, 1-857-73o7 or 
I-992-SS44 
SMALL D E PA R TM EN T STORC 
CENTRALLY LOCATED 
Good profit potential 
227 o227 WATSON A SON 655 8546 

L 

S I? 
INSTRUCTION 
INSTRUCTIONS 

IST PUBLIC OFFERING 
Now Opening New Territories 
Join our rapidly expanding na­ tionwide network computer sys­ tem as an owner operator et de leering hot checks and bad credit far businesses, lf selected, you will represent the world % largest compony of its kind Prime pro­ tected territories still available in 
Tex as. In v e s tm e n t re q u tre d - 
C A LL G E O R G A N N A M E T T , 
M a rk e tin g D ire c to r of D A T A 
SEARCH, 342-8183. 
TE R R IFIC OPPORTUNITY 
Man and wife grocery store 
Centrol to trode are a 
Some equipment Modern 
Easy terms at 5o% ol value 
WATSON A SON, 227 o227 
628-1262 
732-2*35 
655-8546 
Two businesses too much! For sole or lease, 
H A R D W A R E 
STORE in last growing communi­ ty. Building, stock and property in 
B a n q u ete, Tx (512)387-1742, 
512-387-5194. Ask for Fred Gorbel 
Used 14x32 e x e c u tiv e o tfe ce 
3rms„ bafh, terms, del 924-58o3 
V E N TU RE PROJECTS lf you need investment capital or if you are considering an invest men! opportunity, we can help. 
KNOW th# potential before you 
Invest or search (or investment capital We research, certify, and anolyze proposed investment op­ portunities and can prepare a com plete prosp ectus of your p ro je c t re a d y for in vestm en t brokers Coli for an appt. 
TC LE DAC INC, 349-7 7 71 

WEAR THE 
“ Uniform of W hite” 
LAST WEEK TO ENROLL 
SUMMER CLASSES BEGIN MAY 31ST call today 224-o756 

• Medical Assistant Clinical/ Clerical 
• Dental Assistant 
• Medical Secretary 
* lab Assistant 

BASIC GRANTS AVAILABLE 
SU C m ML H U I GRANTS—LOANS 

PLACEMENTS ASSISTANCE OTTERED 

S.A. College of Medical & Dental Assistants 
5o5 last Travis St. 
224-o756 

5o4 • MONEY TO LENO 

M-O-N-E-Y 
Businas* and venture capital as­ sistance available for warthwhilt protect*- 349-6421_______ 
NEED CASH?? 
BUT HAVE NO CREDIT??? 
Call Union Finance 223 *871 
R E A D Y cash lo purchase your re ii estate mortage* 225-1475 
Signature loans, up lo $5o,ooo No 
Endorsers, No co signers Infor. motion, Saunders 2o8 Caspian, 
Auantic City, NJ o84o1 

’’GLEN OAKS” 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 living areas. 
Built-in kitchen, lovely fenced I * 14,5oo 

3 Bars For Rent 
I 
5139 W. COMMERCE-JISO MO 
: 
5496 W. COM MERCE-*225 MO 
712 ARANSAS-115o MO 
I CALL 
SHAMROCK 
MUSIC 
:____________ 733-7221_____________ 
Beauty Salon contents for sale, jle a te -a n y te rm . N ear Blanco- 
! Basse Rd. 349-3527 Mann Bepity. 
! 
BEAUTY SALON 
Owner retiring. Steady clientele, grand location, 
Alamo 
Hgts, 

•1MTUIM ruvoitfB 
Kl CHUM PAKE OAS 

CHOICE LOCATIONS 
$ 

Comp)*!* & ready for opening within a month. 

A comfortable income in the most pleasant surroundings 
FASY TERMS 
Confact: 
Franchise Director 
5 1 2 -6 8 1 -o 7 3 3 or w rite: 
SHBK W O O D ’S 
5 7 1 9 Renwick 
San Antonio 7 8 2 3 8 . 

DISTRIBUTORS, Men-Women to sell 4 graal products. Full-P art 
Time Bernce, 316 5th Ave., NY, 
NY 1ooo1________________________ 
D R IV E -IN G R O C E R Y , fu lly equipped, 22o tt, on m ajor hsgh- 

W AN T A F U T U R E Nol l com pony expanding Corge return on 
In itia l in v e s tm e n t. 
C all 
5 17-349-4398 (p a y s ) 494-6832 
(eves) or w rite U tility Savings 
Assoc 414 W Rhapsody, San Ant- nio 78216 Danny McCormick 

WE BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J. KAHN A ASSOC 342 4827 
W holesale g ro w in g business 

SMALL HONOR LOANS 
JUST BROMISE TO PAY 
AAA CRED IT 
223 4249 
51o MMNEY MANTEO 

Reputable contractor wants to borrow $1o,ooo tor one year al 
15% Int. In te re s t of t!2 $ paid monthly. Reply to Express News 
Box 4344 S A 78297 

 back yard. 2 c ar garage. Cent heat-air, shades, tip top condition 
*25o mo 
*2o8 D el. No dogs. 
684-4978 or 494-7192 
Highland Hills. Split level stucco 
4-3-2, 34oo sq.ft. luxurious living. 
Library, rear apt. Lease with op­ tion, *375. 532-4732 Ofter 4:3o PM 
House for rent, 2 bedrooms, living room, kitchen, near Kelly, Lock land, Horlondoie Dis!. 225-5811 
House, rent, sale, adults only, T12 
VINE, 534-1881 

IXFRISS ANO NfWS 

MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 
BEAUTY SHOP 
FOR SALE BY OWNER 
JOURDANTON, TX 769 3342 
Being T ra n s fe rre d o ve rs eas 
TONY'S COIN SHOP Is w in g oui of business May lis t, Business lease, office furniture, showcases, sale, supplies, cains tor sale at- will sell items separately. Can be seen by appt, at 1782 Austin Hwy. 
494-6571.___ 

IN fM[ (XPftiSS NEWS 
CAU 225-1666 

BUSINESS FORMS is year old 
Son Antonio company with excel­ lent following. 
Flexible terms. 
<713)443-2448___________________ 
BUSINESS O PPO RTU NITY 
Recently termed food equipment soles office wants self-starter self financed man with light m el 

 sume to Frances Libert, Rotoflex 
Sales, PO Box 9oo7, San Antonio 
TX 782o4________ 
______________ 
2 CAR WASHES 
Self service, 4 bay, Good equip men!, ciose together 653-3876 fx d e m ANO NEWS 

ICE CREAM & 
YOGURT STORES 
Select antes stW available far exclusive ZTZ “ MAKI YOUR 
OWN SUNDAE” FRANCHISES, includes SUE LOCATION, EQU* 
MENT, Md TRAMW6. Minimum 
$95oo cash Investment required. lf yeu quality— 

CALI TOLL FREE TODAY 
1*8oo*821-227o,Ext.323 
ZIP’Z 
A DBV. OF LO.!., INC. 
447o MONROE ST., DEFT. 
TOLfiOO, OMO 43613 

 way and sub division. *74,5oo. 
*« * •" * * * ■ 
Bobbie Anderson, GREIN CA M P-, 
7 s a ass. sri 1 cia! greenhouses with established 
* * 
I accounts. Call Sunder 12-7PM weekdays atter SPM 344-9625 

51? INSTRUCTIONS 

BELL 
R E ALTY, 
1-379 2634 
Fishing Lodge tor sale or trad# 
Located on beautiful Falcon Lake. 
N et $68,ooo a y e a r. Box H S , 
Zapata, Texas 78o7* 
FLOWER AND G i f t s h o p , in S I ?r« barth w arm * 
A Must sell immediately due to health reasons. Excellent income for owner-aparator. Priced lo sell 
713-494-7412. 
FOR 
S A L E ; 
C o m p lete Gun 
Repair Shop. Including Milling 
M ach in e L a th e , Gun B luing 
Tanks. Parts Etc. 512-379-o972 For 
ASEI_______________ 
G IF T SHOP excellent location 
349-9511 or 659-1857______________ 

GOOP INCOME 
See-make offer- Ideal for couple, established ami equipped tavern, \ drinks and games, goad building, large lot, near Seguin and large factory- $45,ooo 
CARLOS BRAW NER REALTY 
379-5947 
SEGUIN, TEX 

WORMS 
A lim ited number of individuals 

 for an organization that affords an unlim ited income potential 
For information, call ECOLOGY 
CO NCEPTS IN C ., 5)2-657 o133. 
Offices Nationwide. 

 fv u n fflo 
We buy warms under contract 
Worm growers needed 
5)2-653-514o 
WORM ENTERPRISES 
584 MONTY TO LENO 

Borrow any amount for any our pose. Private money 227 1*1o 
Business and Individu al loans a v a ila b le for any purpose 
*2,o8o *1o.ooo,ooo Contact Mr T 
Whitely 534-8873 

OAY AMG NITE CLASSES 

New Classes Begin May 9th. 
Keypunch, S ecretarial Ac counting, D rattin g and Alt 
Other Business Courses 
Vet Approved 
DURHAM COLLEGE 
1o5 San Pedro 
/25-549> 

ENROLL NOW! 

Classes Now Forming 

 for May 23rd Session, 

• Television Technician 

Operator 

• FCC licen sin g 

 e Radio-Television Repair 

 e Radio Broadcasting 

• CB Radio Repair 

E l k i n s 
I n s t i t u t e 
3o1 Broadway Bldg. 
Suite 2oo 
San Antonio, Tx. 
227-654o 

Approved for Veterans training 

Delores Le Biont. Ptono Lessons 
Adults and Children 
Call 224-5526 
Finish High School at Home 
Diploma awarded For *ree bro­ chure, call American School, tool free: !-8oo-*21-S3i* 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
1138 99th ST, Stinson Field 
924-8551 

 chanicai aptitude Fabulous las! c o w v E N ie w rp c r n e x «.i« . . r 
581 E- * in8*bm'y P O Box 1)22 growing industry. Must (ravel, 
CO NVENIENCE 
RK-Self ter- pa rtic u la r first year. Send re vice gas, M exican cafe A good truck stop near UTSA. This is a going business! 5188 PM Rd 16o4 
NW. 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP Established accounts, stack of famous Kodak films and photo prod. Protected 
• territories Must Sell! *8ooo. due 
...to heaimxejttions. 633-om 

GROW PLANTS 
In your own backyard for our wholesale ond retail olant busi­ ness We will tell you what ta grow and how to grow it. S2ooo-*1o,ooo per year possible Minimum cape tat re q u ire d 
*299o 
Coll M r 
Owens *55-5514 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in the purchase of, 
•Chattel or Reol Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
• Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q UIR E AT 226-8314 
. 
- 
1818 NBC Bldg 
Son Antonio, Won and Wed nile lorn Dom 

Learn Professional Bartending 
And Bar Management. A World 
Wide 
Profession tor men and women 
Brotherhood School of 
BARTENDING 
1815 Jackson Keller No 2o2 
349-2*o1 
A Texas Certified Trade School. 
Free rob assistance, discount to 
Vetrans. 
New Classes begin May 38 
REGISTRATION 

HALLMARK 

A m o t t c n 

BECOME A LICENSED 
AVIATION TECHNICIAN 
HIH CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 2oth 
• Approved for Veterans 
• Artridiied NATO toitifulion 
• EAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe ond Powei plant 
• Qualified for LAA AU? License 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Job ^foremen! Assistome 
VISIT O ff CAU 
HALLMARK A IRO TECH 
113o 79th St., Stinson field 
Son Antonio, Texas 78214 
924-8551 

IN THE IXPRSSi NEWS 
CAU 725-16o6 

Page I 6 D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

 af**11 
EMPLOYMENT DCE) 

6o1 - PROFESSIONAL 
SOI PROFESSIONS 
SOT PROFESSIONS 
PROFESSIONS 

6o1 PROFESSIONS 
6o1 -PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 • PROFESSIONS 

Senior Systems 
Analyst 

G eosource, a multidivisional, m ultinational com pany providing pro* ducts and services to the natural resources industry, is seeking an addition tor its staff of analysts. 
Experience in either commercial or m anufacturing applications is desired. A college degree is preferred, a stable, successful, pro­ fessional work history is a necessity. People with a high level of m otivation and intelligence can be ad equ ately rew arded. O u r new hardw are is 
IBM 
3 7 o / 1 3 8 and our prim ary program m ing language is C O B O L. 
This* position is located in our Southwest Houston location Reloca­ tion will be paid. G eosource, Inc. offers excellent growth po ten­ tial, a comprehensive benefits package, and a salary com mensurate with experience and skills. Interview s will be conducted 
June 3 and 4. To arrange an interview , call or send resume with salary history to M r. J H 
W exle r, 6 2 4 3 IH -1 o , Suite 4 4 o , San 
Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 o 1 ; 7 3 6 -2 2 6 6 

 on equal opportunity employer m t 

'R C * 1 

 i512 INSTRUCTIONS 

PUNCH 

Short Weeks 

O th e r T ra in in g in : 

Computer Operations 

'.omputer Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 

CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

ASSISTAN T 
THE 
CITY MANAGER 

The C ity o f San A ntonio is accepting ap­ lite 
Clifs 
Manager a ith ti salary 
Assistant lo range from 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S Flores__________ 924-388o 
Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational Sciiool 
1913 S.Flores 
225-3253 

ADJUSTER TRNEE SIo2oo + cor 
National company needs career minded, call Terri Todd, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
AERONAUTICAL ENGINEER 
Wanted for certification program of samll turbo prop transport, port 25. Experience with bosic loads, stress analysis. FAA cer­ tification procedures, and report writmq Relocation expenses paid and benefits. Send resume with salary preference to Ahrens Air 
Crafting. Inc 432 Ramey, Puerto 
Rico, 
oo6o4- 
Attention 
Rim 
Ahrens_______________________ 

ASSISTANT INSTRUCTOR 
Will teach therapeutics, including 
«rug metabolism, pharmcokine- lies, disease drug interactions, and clin ical pharm acology to graduate, medical and dental students and post doctoral train­ ees Candidate must be capable of attracting independent grant sup port for research in both of the above areas, have experience with the methodology to conduct such experiments in animal and 1 human s u b le ts , and have ! docum entation in the form of o ublications in scie n tific and medical journals. Degree requir- ! ements include M D and Ph D or equivalent, postdoctoral training in clinical investigation of at least two years and certification iii In- \ ternal Medicine Qualified Per sons contact nearest commission . office 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
Personnel OfficeAnnex Buifding 
Son Antonio, Texas 78284 

ASSOCIATE CONDUCTOR 
(SUMMER ONLY) 
GREATER 
SAN 
ANTONIO I 
YOUTH 
SYMPHONY 
ORCHESTRAS 
Music, conducting experience ! re quired 
Send resum e to i 
(GS A Y SO) 3o1 Broadway Suite 
2o8 782o5______________________ 
ASST MANAGER 
Retail sales background, solid future Call Murvelle 349-3541 
SHARPE Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr..Suite 14o 
Civil Engineering Draftsman, will accept beginner with schooling. i 
Maverick Engineering company, 
8o33 Pinebrook 349-3963________ 
C IV IL 
E N G IN E E R , college graduate, registered or eligible for registration, minimum 3 years ' experience, fam iliar with water d istrib u tio n systems, streets, roads, bridges, flood structures, know hydrology, sto g rjm and sewer systems Full time, 4o hour week, permanent position M in­ imum starting salary $12,ooo a year. Full benefits. Send resume 
P O Box 12411. Son Antonio. 782)2. 

CONSTRUCTION 
MANAGER TRAINEE 
$14,ooo PER YEAR 
Rapid advancement according to ability Growth requires that we hire a strong construction orient­ ed person who can learn to set the poce in a subdivision. Must be aggressive, tough minded and able to train his replacement. De- I gree helpful Send resume to ’ 
Remade Homes Corp. 781o Lethe, 
Houston, Tx 77o75______________ 
Consulting engineering firm has an opening for a civil engineering draftsman with a minimum of 2 yrs exp on su bd ivisio n im ­ provem ents and m u nicipa l protects. Salary commensurate with ability. Call 349-o151 for appt 
COUNTY ENG INEER 
Kendall County,Texas 
Has position available for County j 
Engineer. Salory open. Letter i with resume of education and ex- pe'ience required. Interviews by I appointm ent M ail resumes to 
P O .Box 399, Boerne, Texas 
Telephone AC 5)2-249-2)31 
Director of Social Services 
NSW required; a bility to com­ m unicate a ffe c tiv e ly , both in writing and orally Must be bilin­ gual. Apply in person, St Ben­ edict's H ospital and N ursing 
Home, S. Alam o at Johnson, 
222-o17). 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer 
ENGINEER DESIGN DRAFTS­ 
MAN, Steel Fabrication Co seek- 
Ina men with design ability, 5o hour work week, permanent em­ ployment. Furnish resume to Ex­ press and News Box No 4373, 
78297______________ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

ESTIMATOR S12K 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 

GEOLOGISTS 
Chevron anticipates openings in 
Denver and San Antonio for ex­ perienced Mining Exploration 
G eologists. M inim u m re q u ir­ ements are MSC and 3+ years professional experience including some work in uranium explora­ tion. Send resume to Chevron Re­ sources Co. PO Box 599, Denver, 
Colorado. 8o2o1 
$4hr Dietary $5hr 
M ilitary exp OK. A + Co.+ ben­ efits. Ike K elly 923-4366 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
JOB HUNTING? 512-565,ooo Ber­ nard Haldane & Assoc. (512) 
342-3)66. Since 1947. Not a placemen* agency._____________ 
Local Business Man looking for business associate, part time on­ ly, prefer professional person j 
225-1)43 9am 3pm_______________i 
MANAGER TRAINEE $988o 
Train to be your own boss, call] 
Malva Black, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 62o3 Rough Rider_______ 

O N A W A N T AO 
THE NUMBER TO CAII. 
IS 1 2 5 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS ANO NEW S 

L 

 plications for the positions of A 
(Als 
Manager a ith a salary 
$26,762 lo $3o,676 annually. 

This j nisi lion is responsible professional ’ j n ark assisting C ity M anager in jila n n in g a n il I executing a a m in istra lii e details and recoin- I m ending courses o f actions to the M anager * i on C ity policies a n il programs. Seri es as C ity I 
Manager's representative at pu blic meetings I and functions: arranges meetings at the re- I quest o f the M anager and citizen groups, » i civic organizations, a n il other groups: A 
I prepares reports and recommendations to be I 
I suggested by the C ity Manager's O ffice to I 
C ity 
Council. 
May also be required to 
I supervise and coordinate the activities of rn 
I several C ity departments. 
I 

Applicants must possess ii thorough J 
I knou ledge of the principles and practices of A 
I m unicipal adm inistration and of depurtmen- I 
I ta i methods and procedures; must possess an I a b ility lo establish and m aintain n a rk in g ’ 
I relationships a ith C ity departments and the A 
| general piddle a n il In• aide to effectively rom- I m iunicute, hath o ra lly a n il in a n tin g . 
| 

Applicants should have significant ex- » perience iii a position af high level ■ m anagerial or staff responsibility in a large I organization, preferably h a u l government. ? 
G raduation from on accredited college or a university required. A muster s Degree in I 
Public A dm inistration cr related fie ld is I highly desirable. 
Sfw iH jically, m inim um ▼ education and experience are: (2) M PA a ith A ta o years experience; or (21 H A /IIS a ith I fo u r y ears o f experience. f 

The C ity offers ii broad benefit program in clud ing H e a lth /L ife Insurance. rn 

A ll applicants m eeting these re- I quirements may ilireet the ir resumes to: 
Of fice o f the C ity M anager 
A 
C ity o f San A ntonio ll 
Post O ffice Box 9o66 rn 
Son A ntonio, Texas 78285 

Resumes should reach the City M anager's A 
O ffice no la te r than 4:3o P.M., June I, 1977. I i l l inquiries should be lim ite d to w ritten ap- f plications or resumes. A pplicants m ay be con- A 
I ac ted fo r interviews. fi 

TH E C IT Y O F S A N A N T O N IO IS A N 
I 
E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y E M P LO Y E R ! ^ 

ASSISTANT 
CITY1IANA GER 

City o f Sari Antonio is actuating s f i r ‘ ‘....................... 
'■ 
' r 
- 
“ 
The applications Jiir the position oj' Assistant 
(.tty M anager with a salary level from 
$2o,o79 to $12,962 a nn ua lly. 

This position is responsible pro­ fessional work assisting the City M anager in directing and coordinating operations and recom m ending to the M a na ger on a variety o f administrative polit ies a nd pro­ cedures. 

A p p lic a n ts m ust possess extensive know ledge o f the p rin c ip le s , methods, o rg a n iz a tio n a n d fu n c tio n o f m u n ic ip a l go ve rn m en t; possess a th o ro u g h know ledge o f the p rin c ip le s a n d m ethods o f p u b lic fin a n c e s and p e rso n n e l a d ­ m in istra tio n s have the a b ility to express ideas c le a rly a n d concisely, b o th o ra lly an d in w ritin g s s h a ll be a g ra d u a te o f an a ccre d ite d colle g e o r u n iv e rs ity sup- fde m ented w ith a 
Master's 
Degree in 
P u b lic A d m in is tra tio n o r re la te d fie ld s 
■As h o u ld have a i least e igh t (R) years o f pro g re ssive ly res/ionsihfe experience in lo c a l go vern m e nt in c lu d in g the responsi­ b ility f o r a d m in is te rin g la rg e scale m u n i­ c ip a l services. 

The City offers a brood benefit pro­ gram in clu d in g H e a lth /Life Insurance. 

A ll n p ftiie u n ts m eeting the re­ quirem ents m a y dire ct th e ir resumes to: 

O ffice o f the City Manager 
City o f San /t titania 
!\»st Office Box DOOD 
San Antonio, Texas 7HJR.I 

Resumes sh o u ld reach the 
C ity 
M an ager's ( if f ie r no la te r th a n 1:3o P.M ., 
Jane 
I, 
1o77. A ll in q u irie s sho uld he lim ite d to u 'rilte n a p p lic a tio n s o r resumes. 
A p p lic a n ts m a y he con tacted f o r in- te rt'ieu s. 

THE CIT} OE SAN ANTONIO IS AN EQT AL 
OFFOR TI M T Y E MVI,OY ER'. 

WinchelPs 

D o n u t H o u s e 

D ivision o f D en n y’s Inc. 
STORE MANAGERS 

Positions available in San Antonio, 
Austin, 
Houston, 
W est Texas, 
San 
Marcos. 

N o Experience Necessary 
Com plete Training 
No Capital Required 

Salary 
G roup Insurance 
Bonus Plan 
Retirement Plan 

Excellent opportunity for advancem ent with 

A m erica’s fastest grow ing donut chain. 

For In te rv ie w Contact: 

D o n O ’ C o n n o r 2 2 5 - 3 2 1 I 

Monday, May 23, 8:3o A.M. - 4:oo P.M. 

 lf u n a b le to call, p le a s e send resum e in co nfidence to: 
5 2 5 N . G re a t S outh w est P k w y ., A rlin g to n , TX 7 6 o 1 I equal opportunity employer M f 

*9,oooTO 

$ 1 
8 
, 
o 
o 
o 
M anagem ent 
Positions 

M c/t&yS)uJ 
O L D F A S H I O N E D 
HAMBURGERS 

* Thu a a rare ' ground floor opportunity to |Oin 
.■ne of the Nation i finest Restaurant chains. 

 hove 
Restaurant ex 
* You may, or may not perience Some college preferred 

* lf You want to succeed and are willing to sh are 
Our h-gh standards in Management, Quality Food and Mast mpoitantly, our attitudes toward our customers, we are will- 
" J to teach you a highly demanded profession and skill. 

* Excellent Salary program , Life and Health in durance, paid vacations and outstanding opportunity for personal growth 

CALL MONDAY 

9 a 
. m 
. - 1 2 p 
. m 
. 
FOR APPOINTMENT 

8 2 6 - 6 1 o 6 

EMPLOYMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 

 f o r p e r s o n s o f 
AMERICAN 
INDIAN 
DESCENT 

The Texas Indian Employment Training Service, Inc. has im ­ mediate openings available in its statewide employment training program 

 lf you are a descendent of an American Indian tribe and have a need for immediate employment or vocational training, we can assist you in your own community. 

Employment and Training programs exist in the fields of health, public service, education, construction, and business. 
To learn if you qualify and receive additional information 

 contact: 
Mr. O C, McGoughy (McGoy) 824-2631 
8 AM to 5 PM weekdays 

 or the central administrative office at 

 area code 713 563-4389 

Vt R O B E R T H A L F 
PERSONNEL AGENCIES 

 of San Antonio, Inc. 
Suife 3 4 o 
First N a tio n a l Bank Bldg 
Son A n to n io , Texas 7 8 2 o 1 
( S U ) 7 3 6 -2 4 6 7 
PARTIAL LISTING 
AU POSITIONS SOUTH TEXAS 
TAX MANAGER CPA............................................................... - to $4o,ooo 
Independent Oil mon needs strong fox mgr with corp. taxation experience. 
Moy be either public or private industry large ranch holdings, oil 8 gas ex­ perience necessary Planning* Compliance South Texas 

SR AUDITOR.................................................................................. to $18,ooo 
Three plus years audit experience with quality local CPA firm. CPA or paris desired 

EFTS COORDINATOR............................................................... - $2o-25,ooo 
Good overall DP lech skills Super communications and human relations. In­ vestigate operating regs among banks and merchants to DOS 

SYSTEMS ANALYST (O verseas)................................ $3o,ooo + BONUS 
Relocate to Brussels, Belgium Degree preferred and self-reliant Min. 5 yrs. exp. with 3 yrs sys. design of payroll, gen ! aectg. inv. control, COBOL 

W e Protect Candidates Confidential Search 
NO CONTRACTS—NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 
WORLD'S LARGEST FINANCIAL & EDP EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS 
Over SO Offices United States, Canada & Great Britain 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
NO UNWANTED 
TRANSFERS 

Must have recent retail supervisory experience in one or 

 more of the following departments: Men s, Ladies' or 

Children s Wear; Fabrics; linens, Shoes; Cosmetics. Good 

 pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sundays, 

 reasonable hours. 
Call or w rite M r. B renner 

O r M r. G rim m for co n fid e n tia l ap p o in tm en t 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 

[118 Soledad, San A n to n io 782o5 (512) 225-7163 

6o1 PROFtSSimHAl bin? SAUS 

BUSINESS MANAGER 

For Large Single Point 
Automobile Dealership 

N e e d to know Ford M o tor Co. Accounting 

 system. Keep a daily operating control & pull an accurate financial statem ent. High salary 
& bonus arrangem ent. 

Call Collect— Steve Tatar 
PAGAN LEWIS Motors 
Corpus Christi, Tex. 5 12 — 888-8211 

P r o g r a m m e r A n a ly s ts 

Does tr a v e l in te re s t y p u t 
W * a re a m f tone! com puter consulting firm w ith offices At assignment* Throughout the 
U.S. W e o re u n d ergoing tr e ­ m endous g ro w th a f the p re ­ sent tim e A ho ve openings for q u a lifie d OS technician?. to w ork in assignm ents throughout rh * U.S. lf you h ave I or m o re yrs solid OS COBOL, 
IM S , 
CICS exp e rie n c e , w ould 
Uke to tra v e l, A fe e t co n fid en t of your abilities,: you m a y aaa M y . to find out m o re , p le a * * sub­ m it your resum e, a lo n g w ith current salary, in strict con­ fidence to: 
E X P R E S S -N E W S 
•ox 4 3 4 5 
Son A ntonio, Tx. 7 * 3 9 7 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo yer 

COLLEGE G R A D S 
LIBER AL ARTS 
A yea* (on make-a big difference 
Make 1977 the year you join VISTA and see what a difference you con moke. VISTA volunteers ore in­ volved in oil aspects of community development, self-help programs, social services Whots in it for you? Gut-level experience, use of your college degree, self growth, flexibility 
Assignments storting this summer 
Must apply now 
VISTA provides volunter 
Hying allowance, paid vocation, medical coverage, transportation expenses, other benefits. Coll us collect (512) 
397 5925, ext. 4. 

682 SUES 

I 

CLAIMS ADJUSTER TRAINEE 
$93oo Starting Salary 

F ee P a id B y E m p lo y e r 
Complete training program available to college graduate looking for a career opportunity. Salary increase to 
$97oo after 9o days $1o,2oo end of first year. This position involves investigation of auto collision damage, fire and windstorm, workmens compensation and marine claims. 
Duties will include contacting claimants, physicians, attorneys and others involved in this com­ pany's insurance claims. Attractive fringe benefit pro­ gram available to the successful applicant plus automobile and business expenses. 

B y A p p o in tm e n t O n ly 

 l E m p l f l i i m p n t t e r m e r 

1259 Jackson Keller 
342-2391 

MOTEL 
MANAGER 

• Son Antonio area 
• Approximately 13o rooms 
• Must be experienced 
4 Strong in sales, convention and tours 

Send complete resume to 
Express/News Box No. 4368 
San Antonio, Tx. 78297 

 l a p a p — 
I 
— 
I 

CITY OF HONDO is accepting applications for the position of 

CHIEF OF 

POLICE 
Applications stating full 
Qualifications must be in me City Managers office by 
5PM, May 24th, 1977, and will be reviewed that same night, 7:3o PM, at City Hall. 

O N E O F B R O W NSVILLE'S FINEST RETAIL­ 

IN G FIRMS IS SEEK IN G Q U ALIFIED AP­ 
PLICANTS 
N O W , 
FOR 
P O S IT IO N 
FO 

A SSISTAN T STORE 
M A N A G E R . 
RESUME 

W ILL BE KEPT IN C O N F ID E N C E . DESIRE 
PERSO NS W ITH EXPERIENCE IN retailing 

 and m anagem ent. 
This firm offers paid vacations, em ployee discount, health and 

 life insurance. 

Send resume to Attention: Store Manager 
PO Box 4155, Brownsville, Tx. 7852o 

M m a ip w * n p i 
PARTY 
CHIEF 

, Estoblished engineering firm i has position open for ex­ perienced party chief in land 
Surveying, topographic surveys and all phases of construction 
I stakeout Salary open 
87o5 Broadway 
824-9494 

Men and women... 

<§> 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns. are accepted on the premise that xebs offered will be filed on the hosts of merit without discrimina­ tion because of sex unless the job is a banofide occupational qualifi­ cation. 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Private Employ men* Association has a rigid (ode of 
Ethics to which all its private employment agency members subscribe. For information about private employment agencies, or ac­ tion on complaints, coll 224-78o2 at the Setter Business Bureau. 

PROGRAMMER ANALYST ll 

8 1 ,1 9 8 .o o m o. 
Bachelor's degree preferable in statistics, mathematics, or com­ puter science. Two years related experience re qu ire d. A ssists faculty and staff in effecting solu­ tions to statistical problems in ­ cluding experimental design. 
THE 
UNIVERSITY of 
Texas 
Health 
Science Center at San Antonio 
77o3 Floyd Curl Drive 
Personnel Office - Annex Building 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 
Radiologist Technologist Coordin­ a to r. BS program Coordination land teaching responsibilities. 
ARRT BS re q u ire d M a ste rs p re fe rre d , 
In ca rn a te W ord 
College, 828-1261, ext. 278_______ 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying jobs are not aciver 
Used. Haldane can show you how to find these (ohs and how to get the inter­ views. Send your resume today or call now for a confidential, no cost or obligation interview. 
Not a placement agency! 
Haldane 
Job and Career Counseling 
Nationally Since 1947 

San A n to n io 
Century Bldg., 84 NE Loop 4 IO 
Suite 275 West / Dept. E 
(512) 342 3166 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 

Also Houston, Dallas and Ft. Worth 

Cdbk E X EC U TIVE 
Regional offices Boston / Chicago 
Cleveland Dallas D etroit 
Houston 
Los Angeles San F rancisco/Tam pa 
N ew Y pfk Philadelphia Washington 

DRAFTER 

Permanent position in Son Antonio for Individual with minimum 2 years experience in site plan preparation for small commercial buildings Excellent benefits. Please send resume and salary re­ quirement to: 

Bob Compani 
PO Box BHoo1 78284 
^ h u a l ^ 

REGIONAL TRAFFIC 

SAFETY PLANNER 
Southwest Texas Junior College, 
Uvalde, Texas, is seeking ap­ plicants for the position of region­ al tra ffic safety planner. The major responsibility of the posi­ tion w ill involve assisting local governm ents located w ith in 
Uvalde, Reol, Val Verde, Sutton, 
K innev, D im m itt, M a v e ric k , j Zavala, and Edwards counties in 
{the developm ent execu tio n , j maintenance, and evaluation of i traffic safety pions and systems i Successful applicants should Pos- i sess a bachelor's degree in a field 
I related to traffic safety planning and or significant experience in 
I the field of traffic safety. Salary open. In te re ste d in d iv id u a ls should contact the Dean of the 
I College, Southwest Texas Junior 
I College, Uvalde. Texas,788o1 j An Equal Opportunity Employer. 

S6oo Restaurant Mgmt $12oo 
International Co. needs SI Com­ plete tra in in g p rogram . John 
Hampton 9 2 3 -4 3 6 o Jobs South 
Placement 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilitary_______ ____________ 
RICH and ASSOCIATES 
Employment Service 
684o-A San Pedro 826-o661 

NOW HIRING 
International Spa 
Fitness Center 

 is now hiring personnel to train in positions as 

• INSTRUCTORS 

• COUNSELORS 

• M G M T TRAINEES 

Our fitness center will be opening in approx 2 weeks, so coll now 

Excellent pay and plenty of op­ portunity for advancement 
Call Mr. Hogg 
6 99 -3 o 3 o for appt equal o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

TEACHERS! 
Specializing Teacher placement 
SPEARS Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1292 

6o2 SALES 

Advance tile Insurance 
Sales Representative 
Large Southern based life insur­ ance com pany is seeking individuals with pension ana es­ tate planning experience to lend technical support to our agency force in Southeast Texas. CLU preferred. Salary, bonus, com­ pany car Please send resume lo. SOUTHERN FARM BUREAU 
LIFE INSURANCE CO P O. Box 
78, Jackson, M ississippi 392o5, 
A tt: W illiam H. Risher, or call collect 6o2-355-3421 

AVIONICS 
DESIGN & 
INSTALLATION 
Continuing long term growth in business jet aircraft market provides o solid opportunity for an experienced avionics individual to head up an established Avionics 
Design 
8 
Installation 
Group. 
Modern facilities, pro­ fessional associates and active marketing pro­ gram, giving total sup­ port 
Excellent solary, out­ standing full benefits and relocation expenses for the right individual with 
IO years expe­ rience in avionics and up-to-date state of­ fbeat! knowledge, preferably in corporate let aircraft 
EXPRESS NEWS, Sox 4446, 
San Antonio, TX 78297 
An equal Qppo; funify affirmative, action employee, m /f 

Marketing 89,ooo 
Plan firm ’s m rfg , w rite press releases, co. news letters Future growth 
Bell Employment Agency 
16oo Broadway 824-7485 

TEACHERS 
Spend a year in a different kind of classroom. You must be flexible, self motivated, creative enough to work in, or establish an alternative educational system. VISTA has 26 volunteer openings in N Dakota, 
Utah, Arkansas, Texas, other states beginning this summer. Must apply now. Need degree in Phys. Ed., pre-school, elementary, secondary educ, or special ed. Some positions require Spanish All require ability to work with different cultural, ethnic and social backgrounds 
VISTA provides volunteer living allowance, paid vacation, medical, mony other benefits Call collect 
(512) 397 525, ext. 4 

IMMEDIATE OPENING 
N.C. 
PROGRAMMER 
Background in blueprint reading. 
Sheetmetal and or machine shop helpful. Degree in math or computer science de­ sirable. 
Call for phone interview 
222-2293 

STINSON 

MANUFACTURING CO. an equal opportunity employer 

FARM STORE 
MANAGER 
K a u fm a n T e xa s 

Agriculture or agri-business ex­ perience necessary. 
College degree preferred. Will manage farm store, retail sales of fertilizer and sundry items..Ex­ cellent salary and employee benefits Send resume and salary history to: 

Gary Siegel 
Employment Manager 
NIPAK, Inc. 
P O B ox 2 8 2 o 
D allas, TX 7 5 2 2 1 

 equal opportunity employer 

A few hours spent in frie n d ly 
I d e m o n stra tio n , show ing 
■(homemakers n a tio n a l known products, can provide vou extra income. Call Jo 673-6391. 
AGENTS 
Redecorated estoblished location w ill fill 2 desks. Newly licensed learn all fields of real estate. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-2521 

AGGRESSIVE 
SALESPERSON NEEDED 
E x p e r ie n c e a M u s t. G r e a t jo b w ith fle x ib le h o u rs if y o u q u a lify . D ra w + c o m m . A p ­ p ly 434 S. M a in S u ite 2o5. 
E q u a l 
O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p lo y e r.____ 

IN THC EXPRESS NCW 5 
CAIC 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

I CIVIL ENG TECHNICIAN! 

Position open for 
Civil 
Engineering Technician for person experienced in drof- 
I ling Work consist of street, drainage, sanitary sewer and water distribution plans and profiles, permanent position, salary open depending on qualifications. 824-9494. 

NURSING F A C U LT Y POSI­ 
TIONS, baccalaureate programs. 
BSN, MSN required. Community health and obstetrical nursing preferred. Apply immediately tor I tall Incarnate Word COLLEGE 
828-1261, ext. 278_______________ 

IX P R tS S A N D N fW S 
I 

PERSONNEL ASSISTANT 
E X C .E N T R Y L E V E L PO SI­ 
T IO N IN T O H E P E R S O N ­ 
N E L F IE L D . M A JO R TW IN 
C IT IE S H E A L T H C A R E 
F A C IL IT Y IS S E E K IN G IN- 
D IV ID U A L IN T H E A R E A S 
O F 
R E C R U IT M E N T , 
L A B O R 
R E L A T IO N S , 
S A L A R Y A D M IN IS T R A ­ 
T IO N , 
E M P L O Y M E N T . 
C O M P E N S A T IO N , 
E M ­ 
P L O Y E E A C T IV IT IE S A N D 
A W A R D S A N D E X P O S U R E 
TO A L L O T H E R A R E A S OF 
P E R S O N N E L 
A D M I N I S T R IA T IO N . 
NO E X P E R IE N C E N E C E S ­ 
S A R Y . 
D E G R E E 
R E Q U IR E D 
P R E F E R A ­ 
B L Y 
IN 
IN D U S T R IA L 
R E L A T IO N OR B U S IN E S S 

POSITION AVAILABLE 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
STATE UNIVERSITY 
RESIDENCE HALL DIRECTOR 
Live in position. Duties: Group and individual counseling, refer­ ral, discipline, program m ing, staff selection, supervisor!, train­ ing Residence Hall or related experience preferred. Master s 
A n u iu i c T B . T . A . , , r u n 
Degree. Apply before 5 pm May 
A D M IN IS T R A T IO N . S E N D 
31, 1977, Personnel Office, South- 
R E S U M A S T O : west Texas State U n iv e rs ity , 
B e v e rly F ra n k lin 
« oom “ •* Library Adm. Building, 
P e rson n e l C o o rd in a to r 
' 
8 “ 
U N IT E D H O S P IT A LS INC 

SOCIAL WORKERS 
Of course you enjoy working with people1 Now how would you like to use your education, degree? 
Gain gut level experience? Work on a grass-ioots level? VISTA offers you a variety of opportunities in social work ana community development. Projects in 7 states need someone with your flex­ ibility, creativity, imagination and ability. Prefer single, or married with no dependents. VISTA pro­ vides volunteer living allowance, paid vacation, transportation ex­ penses. medical, other benefits. 
Coll collect (S12) 397-5925, ext. 4 

Assistant Manager immediate opening for mature sales person, fu ll tim e ,c a ll 
222-22o8, S and S Tuxedo Rentals. 

ASST MGH - SALESMAN 
KLEIN’S 
MENS CLOTHING STORE 
South Pork Mal 
ATTRACTIVE MARKETING 
REPRESENTATIVE 
We are looking for a bright per­ sonable individual, (tertians with cosm etic sales background to handle a variety of Inside-Outside sales plus office work. Beautiful surroundings. Excellent salary plus commission. All Company b en e fits. C all Ms. H olm an, 
656-6o55 between 9 and 12 only. 
Furniture Corp. of America, an equal opportunity employer 

125 W E S T C O L L E G E 
S T .P A U L ,M N 551o2 
E q u al 
O p p o rtu n ity 
_________ E m p lo y e r 

 r u t AC TIO N N U M B l R f o e TAST RESULTS 
PEACE TOUR W ANT AD 
IN THE EXPRESS NEW S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

SWTSU is an affirm ative action equal opportunity employer. 
Professional Executive 
Consultants Int’l 
Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO. Suite 44o 
SU 736-2263 

AVON 
WHY PUNCH A TIME CLOCK 
WHEN 
YOU DON’T HAVE TO? 

As an Avon Representative, you make your own hours, run your own business. Earn the money you need bv selling q u a lity products. For details, call 226-o941 
CAREER OPPORTUNITY 
Womens ready-to-wear manager needed to relocate to coast city, pop. 3o,ooo. Must be sales oriented and a take-charge person. Con­ ta ct M r. Sherman 227-7971 for appt all replies contidentiol 
SIDO 5 COUNTER SALES 55oo 
L ite sales exp. Advance. Ray 
732-219), 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

BUDGETAND RESEARCH 
DIRECTOR 

The City o f San Antonio is ar capling applications for the position o f Budget and 
Research D irector w ith a salary level fro m 
$26.762 to $3o,676 annually . 

This fHisition is a high ly professional and technical position responsible f o r direc­ ting the operations o f the O ffice o f Budget a n il Research. W ork includes e va lu a ting the economic, fin a n cia l, and other related data upon which to premise C ity budget recommendations and policies. 

A pplicants m ust possess a thorough knowledge o f budgetary principles, methods, and techniques o f analysis to in ­ clude zero-based budgeting an d program budgeting; must possess a thorough knowledge o f principles an d practices o f public ad m in istra tion and o f the organiza­ tion and fu n c tio n o f m unicipal governm ent. 

Must be a graduate o f a college or university w ith ii degree in P ublic A d­ m inistration., urban Studies or Business 
Management, pre ferab ly supplemented by a Master's Degree in Public A d m in istra tio n or related field. A t least fiv e (5) years ex­ perience in local government o f w hich a t least two (2) years must be in a supervisory capacity. 

The C ity offers a broad benejit program includ in g H e a lth /L ife Insurance. 

A ll applicants meeting these require­ ments m ax direct th e ir resumes to: 

O ffice o f the City M anager 
C ity o f San Antonio 
Post O ffice Box 9666 
Sun Antonio. Texas 78285 

Resumes should reach the C ity M an­ ager's O ffice no Utter than 4:3o P.M., June 
I. 1977. A ll inquiries should be lim ite d to w ritten applications or resumes. A pplicants m ay be contacted fo r interviews. 
THE CITY OE SAN ANTONIO IS AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY EM VLO YERI 

SALES TRAINEE 
...$ 1 3 ,OOO BASE 
At this firm you advance os rapidly as your abilities propel you 
Management is just around the corner for an ag gressive individual. You will be representing nationally ad­ vertised products and will be part of a — I corporation on 
(he move Colleae dearee re­ quired 
Company offers lu­ crative bonus plus car. plus ex­ penses. (all Anno Monday to arrange on interview 

PHARMACEUTICAL 
SALES 
...$ 1 3 ,o o o BASE 
National company is looking for on aggressive soles person to call on physicians, phar­ macies and hospitals 'One to two years experience or o strong trainee with biology chemistry or related degree 
Excellent training program + cor + expenses 
-I- Bonus make this a great opoortunity for the career minded in ­ dividual 
Call Groce 
DeLeon 
Monday to arrange on op pointmen!. 

CONSUMER SALES 
...$16,5oo BASE 
This national compony is look mg for THE exceptional key account at district monoger 

We Roby Our Gients" 

ALL POSITIONS FEE PAID 

 with 7 years successful con­ sumer soles background. First year potential 18 ooo, com­ pany car, plus expenses, plus bonus 
Professional ad­ vancement hosed on merit. 
Outstanding opportunity 
Coll 
June to arrange an interview. 

FOOD SALES 
.$1o,8oo BASE 
Nationol food compony seek­ ing on outstanding individual with on aptitude for soles. Can­ didates applying should be people oriented, have some soles or business exposure and preferably o college degree 
This corporation offers a good training program, room for personal growth and a product leputation you can be proud of. Son Antonio hosed territory, compony car, plus expenses, 
(all Anno Monday to arrange an interview 

 f a u t ’ / e r r 

8 2 8 - 9 o 6 7 

/ J 

8 3 o N J . lo o p 4 t o 
Suite 2 o 9 
SALES 

P la ce m e n t Servicer 

SALES 

Industrial Construction Materials. Corr- struction experience or prior industrial sales experience helpful. 

Solary 4- C om m ission + Com pony Cor 

Our company, established 
45 years, na­ tionwide in scope, selling and servicing a broad tine of commercial construction material, seeks a sales rep. For our San Antonio branch office. You will call on contractors, purchasing agents, engineers and architects. 
We will train in our product area. 

We have excellent benefits, including profit sharing and paid Medical Insurance. 

For a realistic approach to a 5 figure income call Mr. T. Collier at 5 1 2 -6 5 6 - 
3o1o Mon. or Tues. 9 A.M .-5 P.M. 

A n Equal Opportunity Employer MZF 

Leonard^ 
Furniture 
NEW STORE OPENING SOON! 

Drexel 
Heritage 

JOIN 
THE 
STAFF o f 
THE 
NEWEST 
AND 
FINEST 
FURNITURE STORE IN SAN ANTONIO ! DO YOU ENJOY 
MEETING PEOPLE iN A PRESTIGIOUS ENVIRONMENT? 
IF YOU HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN SALES OR 
DESIGN 
CONSULTATION, 
AN 
OUTSTANDING 
OP­ 
PORTUNITY MAY 
BE 
YOURS. 
A CAREER WITH 
US 
OFFERS 
CHALLENGE, 
EXCITEMENT, 
SECURITY, 
AND 
FRINGE BENEFITS. 

Please apply in person 
1o:oo a.m. to 4:oo p.m. 
Leonard's Colonial Shoppe 
1o1 I I Coachlight Dr. 
Off Son Pedro, I Mile North of loop 41o 

 jtfSjai 
FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 

W HY W A IT T |U TO M O RRO W ? 

Let us show you today that__ 

★ You can learn our business 
★ Make more money 
★ Be successful in a rewarding career 
★ Continue present job while starting your own agency on a part time basis 

+ Training and supplies furnished 
★ Available locations in San Antonio, 
San Marcos and Fredericksburg 
★ No investment 
For complete details call 
Charles Manley at 656-3266 

COUNTER SALES 1o83 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
E lectronic distributor has posi­ tion open for counter sales per­ sonnel, w ill consider female or male, with or without experience coll Joann for appt. 735-9271. 

 t o e THI t A S T lS T e t s u i r s 
O N A W A N T AO 
THI N U M B E R TO C A U 
15 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
E X PR E SS A N O N E W S 

EMPLOYMENT COUNSELOR 
Sales ability, mature, stable, call 
Ann Woods, 657 1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

BRITANNICA 
Sales people are among the high­ est paid in the world 
1. immediate openings 
2. We will train 
3. M U il have cor 
4. We work leads appt basis 
For personal interview 
Call 732-21oS 

C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
EX PRE SS A N O N E W S 

FARM AND RANCH SUPPLY 
Bi-Lingual, m ature Salesman. 
Experienced in store sales or on farm or ranch. Apply 126 E. Main 
Plaza- Lower level- Room 7- In­ terviews weekdays 3-5PM or Call 
224-o153 . 
GENERAL OFFICE $52o 
Typing+ 1o key + Personality 
Call Lyon 828-6494 
NEW DAY PERSONNEL 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
H.J. HERBECK REALTY, INC 
Needs full and part time agents to staff ifs Deliview office. For de­ tails call H.J. Harbeck 349 )479. 

I 

INTERSTATE HW Y. IO AT W URZBACH 

* «* M F H IL L -M c C O M »$ FORD # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 • H EM P H ILL-M CCO M B S FORD 9 I IN I o77 
IM P H itl-M c C O M B S FORD 9 1 IN 1o77 * H EM P H ILL-M CCOM BS 

41o AT BANDERA 
6 8 1 -1 4 3 1 

737o mniWBiB m 7nnram nn 
Tflucmmmfin 
7337« mnnimmts m w nurpmiBius 

Ct 

73o 743-AUTOMOB Il.f3 
S o n A n t o n i o 'j X P R E S I N 
E W 
S — 
S u n d o y M o y 2 2 1 9 7 7 
IT A L v « C 

Delivers A 

E X A M P L E 

 u 

The e n tire o rg a n iz a tio n a t 
H e m p h ill 
M c C o m b s 
Ford is v e r y e x cite d a b o u t o u r g r e a t new location a t 
IH -1 o 
& 
W u rz b a ch in th e C o l­ o nies 
N o rth a re a . 
To ce le b rate o u r n e w e st ad d itio n 
H e m p h ill M c ­ 
C o m b s is fo r th e first tim e e v e r, p a y in g the co nsum e r $ 2 o o on a n y a d v e rtise d v e h ic le pur­ chased d u rin g th is G ra n d O p e n in g . “ C o m e , m a k e yo u r best d e a f o n a n y n e w or u se d car a n d truck an d I’ll still to p it w ith a n e x tra $ 2 o o C A S H 
REFU ND .” But, yow b e tte r hurry, o ffe r lim ite d to 
G ra n d O p e n in g s a le o nly, an d i f s n o w in p ro ­ g re ss a t A LL H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 5 Lo catio n s. 
RED M C C O M B S 

EXAM PLE 

977 MAVERICK 

Two door sedan, light blue, 3 speed syn­ chronized transmission, front disc brakes, duraspark ignition system, color keyed carpeting, lockable glove box, flipper rear quarter windows, bright drip rails, bright wheel lip molding, 2oo V-6 engine, vinyl seat trim, white wall tires. #6743 
*3195 
.56 per month for 48 mon­ ths. Total cash price $3584 
A P R. 13.51. total defer­ red payment price 
$4542.88. 

EXAMPLE 

97 7 LTD “ HS” 

Two door hard top, dark red, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, dura spark ignition, radial tires, direct ventilation system, 3o2 V8, dual ac­ cent paint stripe, all viny! seat trim, air condition, tinted glass, wire wheel covers, vinyl insert body side molding, ss 672o. 
$466o 

.2o per month for 48 mon­ ths. APR 13.51 Total cash price of 
$5o48. 
Total deferred price of 
$6444.6o. 

’77 FORD F-15o 

Style side pickup with Explorer Package (Blue body side and hood paint stripes, mag wheel covers, low mount swing out mirrors, bright drip and windshield moldings, front bumper guards end rubber stripes, 
Explorer hood ornament, bright exhaust pipe ex­ tension, carpeting, headliner, sunvisor, color keyed belts, power steering, automatic transmission, air conditioning, heavy duty battery, vinyl soot trim, AM radio, re p bumper, chrome front bumper, full loom seat, fold down back seat, dome tamp, silver metallic, 3o2 V-8 engine, a r 6 6 8 1 
$5o84 

69 per monlh for 48 mon­ ths Toto! cosh price $5472 
A.P.R. 13.51. Total defer- red payment price 

977 FORD LTD 

2 door pillared hard top, dark red, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, dura spark ignition, radial tires, vinyl body side molding, front bum­ per guard, drip molding, rocker panel molding, deluxe steel wheel, sound in­ sulation system, 3o2 V8, dual accent paint stripe, split bench seats, air conditioning, tinted gloss, light group, full wheel covers, power ventilation system, split bench seat with recliner, all vinyl seat trim. «£6621 
$52o9 

.o7 per month far 48 mon­ ths 
Total cash price 
$5597. A R R. 13.51 Total deferred payment price of 

’77 THUNDERBIRD 

Two door hardtop, silver metallic, automatic transmission, power brakes, power steering, duraspark ignition system, radial tires, opera windows, full wheel covers, A M radio, electric clock, dual note horn, directaire ven­ tilation system, 3 o 2 V-8 engine, all vinyl seat trim, air conditioned, dual rear seat speakers, tinted glass, wide vinyl body side molding. #6731 
$567o 

$6 per month for 48 m on­ ths. total cash puce 
$6o58. A.P.R, 13.51. Total deferred payment price 
$7758.88. 
$o997 
$7159 

COLONIES NORTH 

INTERSTATE-1o at WURZBACH 

69 9-3434 

’77 GRANADA 

2-door, bright saddle metallic, 4-speed overdrive transmission, front disc brakes, 
Duraspark ignition system, white wall radial tires, wheel covers, bright moulding, opera windows, carpet, wood- tone instrument panel applique, 19 gallon fuel tank, 2oo C.I.D. engine... #6843 
*3689 
99 

.91 per month for 48 mon­ ths. Total cash price $4o77. 
A P R. 13.51. Total deferred payment price $5183.68 
•WE WI 
ON AN 

’76 OLDS b r a k e s , 

C u tla s s 
S u p re m e 
C o u p e , a u to m a tic , p o w e r ste e rin g a n d air, b u c k e t se a ts, 
$ 4 o 7 C e x tr a nice. 

7 6 CORVETTE T-ToP S y r i * * p o w e r w i n d o w s , A M F M V t e r e o , S Q O 7 C v o V ‘ , Tilt a n d t e l e s c o p i c w h e e l . . . . . 
O a / J 

 fy / L X D I D I S O n ly IT ,O O O m iles, full p o w - 
/ O ■ ‘" D I K ! / e r, le a t h e r in te rior, $ T y Q I im m a c u la te a u t o m o b ile .......... I l l 
I 

’ 7 7 T 
D I D P l S ilv e r o n s ilv e r , w h e e l w ire 
/ / 
I " D l l \ L » co v e r s , a u t o m a t i c air. p o w - or st e e r in g a n d b r o k e s , cru ise 
$ 7 o f i control, A/v\-FM s t e r e o .......... 
I / O 
J 

’ 7 C I m m 
! K l 4 c lo o r- y e llo w -g r e e n 
/ O L l I v V V» L I V w ith d a r k g r e e n v in y l top. au to m atic, air, p o w e r b ra k e s, A M - F M s te re o , tilt w h e e l, cru ise c o n tro l 

 ste e rin g a n d 
...?6981 

I 7 I r / " v r> r \ ‘ | T f \ 2 - d o o r h a r d t o p , blu e 
/ O I v l s l r L I I / m e t a l l i c / w h i t e v in yl ro o f. a u to m a tic , air, p o w e r 
$ C d 7 C 
•steering a n d b r o k e s 
: i . . - J H / J p o w e r 
$ 

7 C r U 
E V 
D m 
C T C a p r i c e 
2-d o o r , full 
I O i n c V F \ V / L L I p o w e r , , p o w e r w i n ­ d o w s a n d s e a t s , s t e r e o , tilt w h e e l, cruise control, w ir e w h e e l c o v e r s , 
^ A A . 
*s e x c e p t i o n a ll y n ic e c a r . 
. .^,1. - H , H J J - 

C u t la s s S u p r e m e , ste re o , a u to ­ m atic, p o w e r s te e rin g $3995 
75 OLDS a n d b ra k e s, v in y l ro o f, n ice car 

17 jf 
I T f \ C o u n t r y 
S q u i r e W a g o n , d u a l Inc- 
I O 
L I U ing t e a r s-eats, d e l u x e l u g g a g e 
.-... rack, p o w e r w i n d o w s a n d 
; v se ats, 
Sq u ire B r o u g h a m op- S 9 Q Q Q b o n , stereo , 2 6 , o o o m i l e s ....... 
J i O 
O 

9 X L . B A L I T I A ^ G r a n d 
P r ix , w h ite o n 
£ O r U l l 11 A V w h ite , b u c k e t seats, c o n ­ so le , au to m atic, a ir, p o w e r 
J C ii C A s te e rin g a n d b r a k e s .................. a r H J v 

1*71 F A M A D O LT M o d e l, w h ite w ith re d 
/ O V M I f l M A U v e lo u r in te rio r, 
J C A A I lo a d e d a n d lo w m ile s . . . 
3 4 o I 

, 7 
7 / ■ n r t i y B la z e r K - 5 p ic k u p , blue b lu e 
/ / 
V . r 1 t V I c o n v e r t i b l e top, lo a d e d . a u t o m a t ic , p o w e r a n d lo a d e d , s8975 

SOUTHSIDE 

19o1 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
922-6317 

’75 MUSTANG COUPE, 
S ta n d a rd w ith air, e x t r a 
$ o 7 fiQ c le a n ........................................... 
4 / o 7 
I 

1 7 A A i n e D e lta 8 8 , a u to m a tic , 
£ <5 U L U ) p o w e r, a ir, v in y l *2589 
J 

1 7 4 I T H 2 -d o o r B r o u g h a m , o u t - S O C C I O 
/ O L I l r om atic, p o w e r a n d a ir 
4 o o 7 

 t “» r r J I Y C L o a d e d , a u t o m a t i c , 
I O 
C L I I C p o w e r a n d air, t in t e d A O O O g l a s s ..................................... 
H J O Y 

NORTH STAR 

732o SAN PEDRO 

349-6591 

» 7 A 
A O C I 
M a n t a , s t a n d a r d , 4 - 
% O L Q Q 
/ H 
U r C L c y lin d e r e n g i n e nice 
/ O O O 

’75 GREMLIN t ra n sm issio n , a ir c o n d itio n e d . . . . . . . . . . . . 
o 4 o o 

’76 FORD R a n c h e r o p ic k u p , a u t o m a t i c , s h a r p , o n l y . 

NORTHWEST 

LOOP 41o at BANDERA RD. 
681-1431 

I T A B ro u g h a m . 
4 - d o o r , 
V - 8 , a u t o - 
L I Lf m afic, p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , 
$ 1 1 D Q v in y l t o o ................................. . 
I I o 7 

 t “f L 
/'‘U C V / Y ^ ooti b m u s V a n 
V - 8 . flu te- 
/ o V n C V I m atte ' p a w e r s t e e r i n g a n d b r a k e s , 
Car c o n d i t i o n e d 
16 OOO m . l e s . ................. 
O O O / 

C A D A G o o d 
T im e s 
V a n , 
6 -c y lin d e r, 
/ O r U K L F a u to m a tic , p o w e r s t e e r in g a n d 

KH 

 b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d 

'75 MAVERICK lit; r . i2988 

•75 ltd lr ; . air, v in yl roof 

4 - d o o r s e d a n , l o a d e d , a u to m a tic p o w e r a n d $ #J / . O Q 
.vt r o o f 
. . . 
J O O Y 

71 VW SQUAREBACK 
S1oQo 
S ta n d a rd , 4 -c y lin d e r e n g in e . . . 
I i i i 

7 3 CAPRI ll 2 - d o m c o u p e , 
^o7QQ b lo c k , s t a n d a r d . . . . . . . 
1 . . . 
Z J O O 

’74 MAVERICK a u to m a tic , 
%1% TTO C air, 6 -c y lin d e r, la w m ile s 
J L I O O 

7 6 FORD F -lo o r:; :.... c y lin d e r , s t a n d a r d , t a m p e r 
> 4 I Q Q sh e ll l l OOO m il e s 
. . 
H I O / 

75 VW BUS 1 2 -p a s s e n g e r, a u to m a tic , a ir c o n d it io n e d . . 
*3789 

7 o I T A T i r C 
I - t o n 
C a b in n C h a s s i s 
4 - 
/ / 1/ w 1/ L j t s p e e d , p a w e r s t e e r i n g air c o n d itio n e d , 
47'. OOO 
S 1889 

’ 7 4 P A N A F P Y I T S u p e r-C a b p ick -u p , 
I O K H I l U E n A L I a u to m a tic, p o w e r ste e rin g e n d b r a k e s , fa c to ry air, re g u la r a n d d e lu x e 
$ 4 C C C tu to n e p a i n t .............................. 9 3 2 3 

* 4 7 D D A K I T A P '« k -u p , 
4 - w h e e l d rive , 
O Z D R v l l v v s t a n d a r d tra n sm issio n , e x tre m e ly c le a n , n e w p a in t, 
$ D o 4 C n e w in t e r i o r .............................. 
4 4 4 3 

’V c CADA C OCA Vun AM>M 
/ J [ v l V U [ * Z 3 v a u t o m a t i c , p o w e r st e e r in g n o d h r a k e s e x t r a 
^ j l O Q I cle a n , 'lo w m it e s . . . . 
.......... 
* v * - 

) / p / * U C \ / Y 
C a m i n o , v e r y lo w m iles. 
O J V . n t V I a u t o m a t i c , p o w e r s t e e r in g a n d b r o k e s , f a c t o r y air, h a r d 
$1 L O C 
' joist, find ifs 
I o 7 J 

* T O A i r i C D e lta 
8 8 
C o n v e rtib le , e x - 
I O U L I / J t re m e ly lo w m ile s, 
S O C C I 
A M - F M ste re o , t a p e d e c k .......... 
J J O I 

1 7 / 
I FUL D A I A l o a d e d , p o w e r , air, a u to - 
/ O 
I l Y i r A L M m o t i f t r a n s m i s - 
$ / | Q Q C 
.ston, A M - F M r a d i o ............... 
H Y O J 

9 
C A D A £Ute ' b la c k o n b la c k o n black, 
£ o I U R I / splut b e n c h se a t, 
SZL A O A 
A M - F M s t e r e o .......................... 
* t “ 7 V 

 t y r C O D D R o m ^ ‘ro 
,o n ' o vF o ,T1o,,t 
I J r U 
K U a i r c o n d i t i o n e d , . 
S A A C A p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b r a k e s 
H H J v 

 f Y f C A P A F - 2 5 o a u to m a tic , air, p o w e r 
I O r u i n / s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s , 
$ > f O A l ca m p e r. M u st se ll q u i c k 
H Y O I 

I / O 
C A D I " ) F* 1 o o p i c k u p 
R a n g e r , r e d - 
o o I v l i U w h ite , 
. w e s t 
- c o o s t m irro rs, o v e r s i z e tires, r e a r s t e p 
J I 4 7 C b u m p e r . . . . . .y.-.-. 
'............., ' 1 
9 
/ O 

* 7 C D I V IM A l I T U S e o m Pr autom atic, 
£ o r L T IY 1 U U I l l p o w e r a n d 
$ 4 4 6 6 a ir, A M - F M ................................ x I H O Y 

75 DODGE 
*3289 

* 7 4 C A D A G ra n T o r in o 4 - d o o r , 
£ O l U 
K U a u to m a tic , p o w e r ‘4389 

’74 PINTO R u n a b o u t , 4 - s p e e d , 
$ 
, 2 3GOcc e n g in e vinyl ro o f 
. . „ 
2389 

1 7 4 / ‘ L I C H Y Im p a la w a g o n , a u to - 
/ o V i l E V I m atic, a ir, 3 r d se at, $ O Z O Q lu g g a g e rack, w h it e w a ll tire s 
4 o o 7 

 t f / r i A f i r C S u p e r c a b ; - 4 - s p e e d , 
/ O U U L / U t a i r , cill p o w e r S C H O O 
2o,ooo m il e s . . . , . • 
J 7 O O 

J X I C A D A Hanger 
X IT , sp e c ia l 
T e x a s 
/ O r U R I / R a n g e r p a c k a g e , V - 8 , a u t o ­ m atic, air, p o w e r, lo w ..‘5877 

’ 7 A C A D A 
Torino,, 
2 d o o r , 
V - 8, j 
/ o I V / IV 1/ a u t o m a t i c , air a n d p o w e r , j b u c k e t s e a t s a n d ■ c o p s o le . 
$ 
O h t v 1 4 . o o o m i l e s . , 

1 7 4 I T A 4 -d o o r, B ro u g h a m , V 8 , a u to ., air, 
/ H L 1 1/ p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r 
S O I C C b ra k e s, s t e r e o ................. 
J I J J 

 t - T A I { k l / * A i Kl C o n t i n e n t a l , 
V - 8 , 
OUto- 
/ U L l r l v U L l l m o t i f , air, ond power, 

A M - F M , L o o k s o n d r u n s r 
$ 1244 

’74 PINTO W a g o n , 4 -s p e e d , 
-9A R O ra d io , w h ite w a ll tire s. . . . . . . 
4 “ 
O T 

7 4 MAZDA R x - 4 
2 - d o o r , 4 - s p e e d , air conditioned, AM-FM . 
* 9 A R Q stereo tope, 31,ooo mites. 
“ V O / 

* j 2 f O R D Ga,a,cie 
5oo' 

 b ra k e s, a ir v in y l to p . . . 

4 -d o o r, 
V - 8 , a u to m a tic , p o w e r s te e rin g a n d c o n d itio n e d , 
$ 1289 

7 o El DORADO iii., 
L L I / VZ T Y M 1/ V / p o w e r s t e e r i n g a n d b r a k e s , oir c o n d it io n e d , A M - 
F M p o w e r w i n d o w s a n d 
$ I Q Q Q s e a t s 
........... 
I C O Y 

’ 7 A T D ID A Lan<Jau to P- v ' 8 ' a u to m a tic , 
/ U I - B I R I / p o w e r ste e rin g a n d b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , p o w e r w in - 
S I O R Q d o w s a n d s e a t s ......................... 
1 4 o 7 

* 1o25 SAN PEDRO AVE. 
2 2 2 -8 6 1 1 
★ INTERSTATE HW Y. IO at W URZBACH 
1 3 

★ 732o SAN PEDRO AVI 
3 4 9 -6 5 9 1 

6 9 9 -3 4 3 4 

D 
V h 
D 

Page I 8-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 
JLML 
6o2 SAUS 
6o2 SALES 

- Sunday M ay 22 1977 

6o4 
TECM BfJU 

GET A HEAD START WITH 
A TERRIFIC SALES OPPORTUNITY 
THAT PAYS YOU. 

★ SAURY AND BONUS to start w/Auto Allowance 
★ $18,4oo.oo if you just equal our average earnings 
★ Over $49,ooo if you get up with our top sales people 

 i t S a n A n t o n i o a r e a 
W e are one o f the country’s m ost successful m anufacturers of industrial specialty products and equipm ent. These ore needed for m aintenance, d a y in and d ay out, b y plants, businesses, and' institutions of all kinds. They M U ST buy such products, 
M U ST use them up an d order again and again. Our products are outstanding, lf yo u h ave enthusiasm , drive, energy, really w ant that b igge r income, the openings w e h ave are hard to top. W e T R A IN you, give you close back-up and are delighted to P A Y Y O U handsom ely for results achieved. Sales ability essential, som e experience desirable, in an y related field. 

Call TERRY SEIDERS 
« 

M o n d ay & Tuesday for local interview 
I 
S I 2 - 7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 

 or write: 

® 
PURITAN CHEMICAL CO M PANY 

67oo Woodcrest Dr., Austin, Tx. 78759 

684 If ( m u 
684 - TfCHIHCAl 

COMPUTER OPERATOR 

MAKE VOUK FUTURE WITH THE LEADER 

Dafapoint Corp, has on immediate opening for a senior computer operator. The individual to staff this position must possess a strong background in computer operation with experience in data control. 
College credits in data processing field are desired, as is prior ex­ perience in directing the activities of fellow employees. Applicants must be able to work shifts. 

A pply in person to the Personnel Department 
DATAPOINT CORP. 
9 7 3 5 D a t a p o in t Dr. 
S a n A n to n io , T x. 

Tues. - Thurs., IO a.rn.-I 2 noon or I p.rn.-4 p.m. 

An Atom*!’!/* Action Employ*! Commuted to Equ*I Opportunity 
DATAPOINT CORPORATION 
D 
TM 
The leader in dispersed data processing 

6o6 AOMIIIISTIATIVE * 
H m m 

F o m r o w iit ) C P A firm needs ex- o e n e n c e d A c c o u n ta n t w ith or j least 2 p o rts of e x a m 
S a la ry c o m m e n su ra te w ith q u a lifie d i lions Coil M r Gulley or M r Kel 
, ley, A9o 8933 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 
688 SECRETARIAL 
6o8 SECRETARIAL 

F E E P A ID 
Acct for IS million a yr accounts poyoble Som e travel, sal open, expences od 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 749-1373 

FOLI CHARGE BOOKKEEPER 
Experienced in Oil and G as 
Local C P A firm opening tor gen erol ledger bookkeeper capable of k e e p in g b o o k s, p r e p a r in g m o n th ly fin a n c ia l statem ent, governm ent production reports and payroll tax returns. Incom e tax experience helpful Excellent w o rk in g c o n d it io n s and com pensation Please call M r s 
Whiddon of 
227 6191 for appointment. 

APPLIANCE SALES 
W e have an opening for a person interested 

In making money in a permanent position. 

Sales experience helpful, but not necessary, 

 as we will train you. 

W e are an established firm selling America's 

 best appliance lines and offer top com­ 

 mission, good draw insurance benefits and other incentives. 
APPLY IN PERSO N 
1o27 N.E. LOOP 41o 

2* 
+ 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
, 
WANTED r p 
CAREER M IN DED , A G G R ESSIV E 
V 
Y C S 11 K l C l AA CAJ 
" 

 i k 

* 

*¥ 
♦ 
¥ 

WANTED 
CAREER M IN DED , A G G R ESSIV E 
Y O U N G M EN 

 f °r g r o w in g M a r k e t D e a lin g w ith the p ro b le m s of e ne rgy. 

H a v e y o u so ld 
In s u ra n c e ? 
E n c y c lo p e d ia s, cars, e tc ? Then this o d c o u ld c h a n g e yo u r lite. M a k e a s m u ch a s $ 5 o o - $ ! O G O p er so le w ith se v e ra l sa le s per week in hom e im provem ent 

C a ll for c o n fid e n tia l a p p o in tm e n t 

N o in fo rm a tio n g iv e n o v e r the p h o n e 

A p e rso n a / in te rv ie w o n ly 
Ask for N ancy 
8 2 6 -9 6 8 3 
This od ran May 5 
May 9 There ore only a tew openings left iv " muy i muv r "le i? are amy a ie * openings left 

J 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

TELEPHONE SALES 

EXPERIENCE 
PREFERRED 

3:3o p rn. - 8 3o p m 
A “No pressure sell” 
Northside-No fee 

Call PEGGY, 732-9765 hHuinMr*’ 

Quality Tem porary 
Help Service 
96 Gill Rd. 
Suite 25o 

SELLING 
INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS 
TO INDUSTRY 

Hand and electric tools, machine shop emendable*, point and hoisting equipment 
* Traveling Required 
* Prior experience necessary 
* Salary 
* Com m ission 
* Fringe benefits 
For appointment trill 

Ellie Spenrath 
223-18o1,o*1.477 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

6o2 SALES 

S A U S O PPO RTU NITY 

We ate looking for people in­ 

 terested in pursuing e career in 

Rf Al ESTATE 
We offer on ex­ 

 cellent commission schedule, plus 

 extensive company wide training. 

'oil for on interview. 

FINANCIAL 
ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

^ 4 4 - 6 2 o 7 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS-AIU; 

★ . W I S T O K ) 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Wt* off cmeptmq applications 
♦or auf loon to opt*n Waljem 
Road Office f*!ensi*i- in bouse 
Naming program 
For con 
♦ i d e ti f»a I interview call 
Bill 
Mc Gmivs rn 4v4 tpt, I 

 f t o s o u r & k t m * 

 s u i io n - so m a r at ru m 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ i e 
CREDIT MANAGER * 

Our company is a Division of a N.Y.S.E. 
CORP. One of Fortune 5 o o largest CO RP 
Our Co. is the largest of its kind. W e are seeking a person with credit experience and we are offering a secure future for the person with the proper experience. This is a 
Salaried 
Position 
PIU S 
CO. 
Benefits, 
Hospitalization, 
Life 
Insurance 
& 
Profit 
Sharing. 

FOR INTERVIEW CALL: 
* 
MR. MARLOW 
J 
BETWEEN 1oA M -4 PM j, 

6 
9 
9 
- 1 
6 
6 
3 x 

MANAGER TRAINEE 
Telephone collection agency has 
Immediate opening in their San 
Antonio branch office. Credit-col- lection experience or two years I college helpful. M ust be neat, ag­ gressive and hove a need to sue j coed No outside colls, 4o hour I week, good benefits. Exce lle n t * 
G u raron te e S a la ry and Bonus. I 
Telephone 734-7171 
A C CO U N T S E R V IC E S 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
' 
Nord work gets top job, bigss 
Call Rick828-6494 
N EW D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
$55o M G R T R A I N E E 57oo Co t ra in s* benefits. Sarah 732-2191, 
25o1 West Ave. Jobs North Inc. i 
P e rsonnei Consultants. 
P H O N E C O L L E C T O R 
C re d it B u re a u nee d e e e id e r- i lenced phone collector. S a la ry \ plus monthly bonus with advan- : cement. Coll M s White, 342-4196 j 
Stop N Go A cc o u n tin g D e p a r t m ent h a s fu ll tim e p o sitio n available M ust type 5o worn and operate 1o-key by touch. Call To 
Peterson at 344-4526______________ 
Texas M onthly pub lisher needs professional experienced 
A D M I N I S T R A T I V E 
A S S I S T A N T w ith e x c e p tio n a l s e c r e t a r ia l skills.M u st be bright, energetic and p o sse ss a b ilitie s with the written word M arketing, prom o­ tion background desired. College degree preferred M ust be depen­ dable, com p e te n t a n d able to work under pressure Begin June 
I$th. Send resum e in confidence to M ic h a e l R. L e w , T e x a s 
Monthly, PO Box 1569, Austin, T X 
78767_____________________________ 
Young m an needed to serve as assistant to president of L ocal family owned com pany. M ust be w illin g to le a rn g a rm e n t m a n ­ u fa ctu rin g in d u s t r y from the ground up. Coll for an appoint­ ment, 226-S526. 

 allegement 
Recruiters 

(P E R SO N N E L C O N SU L T A N T S) 
Ookx^Vlate$ 

M a n a g e m e n t Recruiters Clerical Division, Office M ates 5, salutes the 
A m erica n secretary, up on w ho se skills, loya lty and efficiency business d e p e n d s. 

O M / 5 has the career op p ortunity y o u 'v e bee n searching for w ith exclusive e m p lo y e r fee p aid positions. 

• E X E C U T IV E SE C R E T A R Y 

G o o d skills cm d b u s in e ss like m a n n e r a re k e y q u a lific a tio n s for e xe c u tiv e responsibilities .................................................................................. 
$9oo 
• A D M IN IST R A T IV E A SSIST A N T 

D e sire to a ch ie v e , m a k e d e c isio n s, h a n d le top level p e rso n n e l. F in an ce k n o w le d g e 
$7oo 
• PEOPLE O R IEN TED ? 

H e o v y p u b lic c o n ta c t m a k e s e v e ry d a y a c h a lle n g e for that sp e cia l p e rso n w a n tin g 

 m o re re s p o n s ib ilit y ........................................................................................................ 
$ $ 5 o 
• SECRETARY 

A c h a lle n g e to a n o rg a n iz e r w illin g to g iv e that e xtra e ffo rt R e la x e d a tm o sp h e re 

 in p lu sh s u r r o u n d in g s .................................................................................................... 
$ 5 7 $ 
• U P FRONT 

P e o p le gre e te r, h a n d le m o n e y a n d n um b e rs. Pretty sm ile top a s s e t .............................. 
$ 4 8 5 
Call Arlene Shivers 
826*9538 or 826-8666 
8 7 o o C ro w nh lll Suite 5o4 
San A n to n io , T e x as 7 8 2 o 9 
A 

SECRETARY 
S825 Plus/Month 

US HOME Corp., is expanding its building operations in the San Antonio Area. 
Work in a dyne mic exciting atmosphere where you can learn other aspects of the building business as well as develop your Secretarial abilities. 

YO U M A Y QUALIFY FOR ONE OF THESE POSITIO NS: 
★ ADMINISTRATIVE NORTHWEST AREA 
★ ADMINISTRATIVE NORTHEAST AREA 
★ ACCOUNTING NORTHEAST 

Requires I to 2 years experience. Type 55 wpm, IO key by touch for accounting, bookkeeping helpful. Excellent compony paid benefits: 48 hour guaranteed work week. S3.7o an hour with time and half over 4o hours. 

 e 

SECRETARIAL 

 s r i atm I 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
SALES OPPORTUNITY 
MEN & W O M E N 
BROWN & BIGELOW. The notions leading direct advertising Compony is ex 
I ponding its marketing efforts in the Son Antonio Area We ore looking for ex- 
| patterned sales people to inrreose our market penetration in this area 
Wf OFFER BOTH solory and commission potages, complete fringe benefits 
. 
I including dental ofter I year), and on environment whereby growth is up to 
• 

 one person — YOU 

W I RIQUIBF o person with a proven successful direct sales record, who likes lo I en|oy the ort of the cold coll, ond who likes lo service their customers lf you 
| ore on exceptional person who fits the above profile please coll 
MR. CHASE AT THE R A M A D A IN N 
344-4581 
O n Mon., M a y 23 
To Schedule A Personal Interview 
B R O W N & BIG ELO W 
A n {q u a l O p p o rtu n ity Em p loy or M / I 

REALTY W O R L D 

REAL ESTATE CAREER 

Expanding northside real estote of flee is seeking qualified agents who have on interest in new listing con repts, a better commission split ond captive builders Call us NOW for a confidential interview ond more details 
69o-95o2 
^LANDMARK REALTORS, 

 j « 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

★ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

EXCITING 
CAREER 

Multi-million dollar organization has outstanding openings 

 for sales persons who like meeting people ond want the op­ portunity to develop an excellent income through our advan- ced-commission sys­ tem ond yearly re­ newals. Experience is 

 not essential as you will be trained in our modern audio-visual methods. 
Successful candidates will hove on exciting career in our fraternal benefits society and be eligible ^ for excellent pension plan. Group insurance ond very real pro- 
- motion prospects. For personal interview please coll 349-3719, ask for Bill Benedetti, I 

VACATION RELIEF 
DISTRICT SALES 
MANAGER 

Must hove reliable trans­ portation with liability in­ surance. 

HOURS: 4 am -1oam 

M O N .-FRI. • • 

4 a m -l la m 

SAT. i SUN. 

OR 

2 p m -8 p m 

MON.-FRI. 

4am -1 la m 

SAT. & SUN. 

APPLY IN PIRSON 

PERSONNEL OFFICE 

9 -1 l a m o r 2 - 4 p m 
EXPRESS NEWS CORP 

Ave E. A 3rd 

Equal opportunity em ployer 

• 
• 
• 
# 
• 
# 
*25,ooo- 
# 
*4o,ooo a 
PER YEAR I 

Ai* you enthusiastic, o positive thinker, earning an excess of SI2,ooo per year ™ ond perhaps in a rut? Art A you a permanent resident of Texas and don I mind A workina bord if you ate ™ properly compensated for A it' Would you like a sales job that doesn t reqiue overnight travel, night work at weekend work? 

Do you wont to hove time 
•a spend with your fondly? 
Do you want to earn not less (hon $2o,ooo per year but want the opportunity to tom 
S4o.OOO SSO.ooo per yeor? 

Do you wont to work for on honest, established com. pony that has a great pro­ duct - one you will feel proud to sell? Do you wont 
•he product to nave an unlimited market* 

Would you like to be associated with other salespeople who ore suc­ cessful’ 

Now rood this od ogom — ond if you truly feel you meet our qualifications; toll me for on pointmen!' 
C all M r. G o ld 
Mon A Tues 
9 A M 
S P M 
7 3 2 -5 1 4 1 

W IN D IN G R O U T ! 
SA LESPER SO N 
Excellent opportunity for in­ dividual with experience in ven­ ding service ond maintenance 
Immediate position offers weekly salory, monthly commission, paid holidays, vacations, company poid insurance. 
Must be Qualified to assume full responsibilities for 4o in-plant machines Send brief resume to: 
SOUTHERN CAFETERIAS. PO Box 
32o3, Austin, Tx 78764 

# 

# 

# 

 ap 

* ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* * 
J INDUSTRIAL J 
J 
COUNTER 
* 
J 
SALES 
I 
. Selling Pipe, Valves, tools Drill ^ 
^ lits and related Industrial Hems. 
• Experience required 

• H ourly wage 

• Com m ission 

• fringe benefits 

 fo r appointm ent call 

Ellie Spenrath 

2 2 3 -1 8 o 1 , ext. 4 77 
THE PERRY 
SHANKLE CO. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

SALES 

(Call S a n d y H o w a rd ) 
B y A p p o in tm e n t O n ly 

M ED ICA l SAIES. 
Repiesent a manufacturer of medico! in­ strumentation colling on distributors ond some hospitals in 
•his position 
Experience in medico! soles is needed The com­ pony offers new designs ond in­ novative concepts to clients. Ex­ cellent advancement potential 
Territory is the best in the notion" Earning area — 53o,ooo 

ESTABLISHED 
ACCOUNTS 
You ll toke over several establish­ ed accounts as well os develop new ones in this position of 
^presenting o line of 2o con­ sumer food products Individual should be degreed with I year of territory soles excellence, lorn ingoreo — SI 5,ooo 

PHARMACEUTICAL SA U S 
Coll on doctors ond hospitals os representative of o well known medical corporation One of the fast growing pharmaceutical com- pomes has San Antonio opening. 
A background in sales is required plus o degree 
Earning oreo 
Sib,OOO 
SP Associates 

PROFESSIONAL 

EMPLOYMENT 

CONSULTANTS 

18oo NE lo o p 41 o 
828-S573 

All Fees Boid 8y Employer 

CLIENTS-CLIENTS CLIENTS 
Abundance of (HENTS for the Jef­ ferson 
Aren bos opened two 
(evidential soles positions 
Rio tesjionol Advertising ond training program olong with on excellent training program has put on ON 
TOR of the Son Antonio Real 
Estate Market 
Call Terry today 
736-4426 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REALTORS— MIS 

Jefferson Oft. 

S3 PER HOUR PIUS com m ission to start, calling on our custom ers. C o r n e c e ssary 
M ust be neat and clean-cut 
494 5812 
R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S 
Fine homes tor fine families. For personalized training (no exper­ ience needed) coll 
Interstate, 828-o755 til 8 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
CAREER NIGHT 
TUESDAY 7 8PM 
Come Hear What If s All About 
New North Central Office On 
Son Pedro 
Call For Reservations 

822-58o8 
ED GILBERT, REALTOR 
REO CARPET 

8o4 TECHNICAL 

R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S , we need 
2 full time licensed agents in our 
Southside office. O ur com m ission schedule is the best. Excellent opportunity for large com m ission incom e in residential and farm and ranche sales 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
R E A L T O R S 
924-4381 
S A L E S 
Good opptyi Sharp, aggressive 
Coll W ayne 828 6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
Spies Ladies ready lo wear, ex­ perienced full time or port time 
Apply in person only. 447 W 
Hildebrand 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 8 
4- NEW HOMES SALES * 

★ E x p e rie n c e d 
R e al 
Estate J 

^ S a le s p e rso n n e l with cur- ^ 

B » rent license. Inte rvie w b y 4 

♦ a p p o in tm e n t only. 
♦ i 
C A U SAT. OR SUN. 
* 

J 
1 o A M -8 P M 
J 
J 684-2o81 or J 
J 
684-2772 
* 
* ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ • * ★ ★ ★ * 

SALESPERSON 

WANTED 

I with 
Volkswagen 

 periented preferred. 

Contact Joe M achad o 

Lone Star VW 

33o3 Broadw ay! 

Strong com m ission incentive for re sid e n tial sale s of town core services. F E R T IC ID E , 681-3276 after lo am 
S A L E S P E R S O N 
Dennison Furniture Center needs a salesperson al 31o3 West Ave. 
Call for on appointment, 344-4561. 
S A L E S R E P I3K 
Not’! co. needs you now? 
Coll W ovne 828 6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
S A L E S R E P R E S E N T A T IV E for est. material handling equip. firm in Son Antonio, m echanical aptitude needed, car necessary, draw towards comm, high school 
* some college prof. Will train. 
Send resum e to E xp re ss Box 4342 
S.A. 78297 

TECHNICAL 

( C o ll R o g e r W h i t e ) 

ARCHITECT 
Growing firm needs 

 creative degreed architect to 

 design and furnish homes ond 

 coordinate related construction 

Emphasis will be on interior 

 design 
TO $2o,ooo 

INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER 
Stable 

 local company seeks BSH with I- 

4 years industrial experience in 

 developing work loads, methods, 

 cost justification, etc 
Excellent 

 hinges............... 
TO $18,ooo 

PRODUCTION 
M ANAGER 

Strong local compony seeks o 

 degreed person ta run a food 

 related production facility. Must 

 be mechanically inclined ond able 

 lo gel things done through 

 people 
TO $19,ooo 

SP Associates 

B — y 
^ 

" 
T 
* 

PROFESSIONAL 

EMPLOYMENT 

CONSULTANTS 

18oo NE lo o p 41 o 
828-5573 

All FEES PAID BT EMPLOYER 

^ 
NO CONTRACTS TO SIGN 
A 

FINANCIAL 

CONTROLLER 
Small. ag 

 gressive compony with a very 

 good future has an immediate 

 need for a working controller. 

You should hove a strong ap­ titude foi organization 
Well 

 rounded background, with pre 

Terence foe some manufacturing 

 plus degree is required Excellent 

 opportunity for personal ad 

 voncement based on your per­ 

 formance 

Coll Jack Stewart 
TO $2o,ooo 
SP Associates 

18oo NE lo o p 41o 

ALL FEES PAID BY EMPLOYER 

NO CONTRACT TO SIGN 
_ 

S A L E S T R A IN E E S $65o 
Inside sales, m anufacturing firm, selling to b u ild e rs 5 day, good future. B a n k e rs E m o lo y m e n t 
Service, 87oo Crownhill, 828-6123 
SCH O O L T E A C H E R S 
E arn from Si,OOO to $2,ooo for ll days work starting June 24-July 4 
Write Mr. W Firew orks Inc., PO 
Box 114, Somerset, T X 78o69 

SOUTHSIDE 
S a le s a re good, I need 2 o r J licensed salespeople for new of­ fice to service H arlandalc, Bel­ laire and other areas. Call tor more information, 924 4253 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

^K IU G E /C & P SU PERVISO R" 

Progressive, rapidly growing greet mg cord publisher has immediate opening fat experienced foil slam ping, embossing supervisor 
Must have strong leadership skills. Hours 
4:3o PM to 1.oo AM Advancement potential. We offer excellent salary and benefits including profit sharing. 
Relocation paid. 
Please send resume with solory history in confidence to Personnel or call COL 
LECT: (2141 63o-4o92 
T H I 

D R A W I N G B O A R D , I N C . 

P . O . B o x 5 o 5 

D a l l a s , T X 7 5 2 2 1 

 s i equal opportunity employer M f . 

E x e c u t i v e p o s i t i o n in 
A c c o u n t i n g D e p t . o f r e t a i l c o m p a n y 

Will supervise accounts poyoble rind keypunch operation. 
Outstanding opportunity to grow with this expanding compony. 
Starting salary $16,ooo $18,ooo 
'auge 

Experience in retoil accounting, particularly retoil accounts qoyoble a necessity 

Please sond resume or call for in­ formation 
Personnel Dept. 
H a n d y D a n 
Home Im provem ent Centers 
BY 
San Antonio, Tx 78217 

I impr 
85o7 Broadw ay 

828-8461 

P R O G R A M M E R S 
A N ALYSTS 
Im m ediate openings 
IB M 3 7 o / 1 5 5 , 165, 168, 
COBOL, OS, VSI 

N e e d e x p e rie n c e d p r o fe s­ sio na l for rea l gro w th o p ­ portunity. 
R e lo ca tio n to 
So uth ea st. C a ll T o d a y! 
(3o5) 8 5 4 -5 3 6 3 
SYSTEMETRIX, INC 

EXPERIENCED 
BOOKKEEPER 

Full charge, ambitious bookkeeper, 
Agribusiness knowledge man dotory Permanent position with ex­ pending operation. Send resume and salory requirement to: 

Applicant 

P. o. Box 1263 

Kingsville, Tx. 783 6 3 

SECRETARY/ 

RECEPTIONIST 

We offer en excellent solory 

 to on energetic individual 

 with a pleasing telephone 

 voice to join our company os 

 secretory-receptionist. 
The 

 individual filling this position 

 must be an accomplished 

 statistical typist, ond skilled 

 in the use of dictating equip­ 

 ment. lf you ore on unflap­ 

 pable person, with the 

 orgonicational ability to pro­ 

 duce top quality work under 

 constant pressure, 

 please call 6 9 o - ll SO, or send resume, including salary history, to: 

Texana In d ustrie s Inc. 

 f 42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3oS 1 

San Antonio, Texas 78229 

SECRETARIES 

OPPO RTU NITY GALORE 

* T Y P E 6 o W P M 

* M A G C A R D O P E R A T O R S 

T o p C o m p a n ie s — 
N o Fee 

Call Peggy 732-9765 

 i n u r n t 

Quality Temporary 
Help Service 

96 Gill Rd. 
Suite 25o 

L IS T E D O N N E W Y O R K S T O C K E X C H A N G E 
349-8o57 
8 to 6 Mon. thru Fri. 9 to 12 Sat. 

E q u a l O p p o rt u n ity E m p lo y e r 

EXCITING NEW POSITIONS 

 now open in fast m ovin g aircraft, oil, travel agency. 
O ur client com panies need experienced people and are w illing to p a y top salarie s and benefits. 

SECRETARY TO PERSONNEI MGR. $6oo 

Relate w ell to people, w ill be “ in the kn o w ,” close m outhed, go o d office skills, NS 

SUPER RECEPTIONIST $61o + 

PBX D im e nsion p hones and sm ile olot. V e ry lite type. 
Attractive w ith I yr. exp. airp lane business. 

TRAVEL AGENCY - OPEN SALARY 

Good office skills + som e travel, be free to travel, e x ­ citing job. Salary depends on b ackgrou nd and exp.. 

FULL CHARGE BOOKKEEPER $7oo 

B ookkee p er through general ledger for well know n nat l com pany. A lso Asst. B oo kkee p er $65o. 

INSURANCE $8oo 

Raters needed in sm all and m edium offices, personal lines, and com m ercial up to $ 8 o o depending on e x ­ perience. 
Sam e com pany needs trainee recep­ tionist/rater w ith solid 4 5w p m typing. 

Banner Personnel 
Service, Inc. 

7 o 8 2 S a n P e d r o 
8 2 4 - 9 4 4 1 

Banner Personnel 
Service, East 

8 5 o o V i l l a g e D r . 

NE lo o p 41o, Starers!! Exit 
657-1212 

EXPERIENCED 
SECRETARY 

• M ust be accurate, fast typist and transcriber 

• fam iliar with office equipm ent und procedure 

• Interesting program 

• 9 a.m. • 5 p.m. 

M onday-Fridoy 

Send resume listing experience and references to: 

SAN ANTONIO CHILDREN S CENTER 

2939 W. W oodlaw n 

78228 

L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y , downtown law office, experience preferred 
S a la r y c o m m e n s u r a t e w ith previous experience, training and a b ility . A c c u r a t e ty p in g on d shorthand req uired Autom atic 
, sa la ry Increases provided For 
! interview 
Coll 
Mr. 
Klein at 
1227-8391 
___ 

' L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y , e x p e r ­ ie n c e d . d ic ta p h o n e , ty p in g , shorthand. 227-7121_____________ 
N o rth sid e g e n e ra l in s u r a n c e 
I agency desires office m anager 
! experienced in A R C bookkeeping 
I girl office, salary open Agent’s license preferred. Send brief re- 
| sum e to: PO Box 1553 S.A. 782o9 
S7oo 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y 
B u sy spot, pub lic contact, call 
Carol Crisp, 657-1)23 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
| Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

T O P S A L E S , no travel, college, great future, perm, sal or comm. 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
Wanted full time sales person tor retail record store 923 8221 

W E S T E R N S T O R E 
Due to expansion. M a n a ge r and 
M anager Trainees wanted. M ust be honest and dependable. Good salory plus com mission. M ust be willing to relocate. Call M r. Smith, 
512-341-8631. 

PROFESSIONAL 
SALES 
$14 ,oo o-$2o,ooo 
Potential 

Outside sales experience necessary, we will tram in our field, oil good closers con­ sidered 
Expenses furnished while training Prequalified ap pts set for you 
Call Mr. Dixon 
227-5o51 

J E W E L R Y salesp erson, e xp e r­ ienced. Fine karat gold line High c o m m issio n Se n d re su m e to: 
T H E A V A R C A G R O U P , 4o3 B a r­ nard Avenue, Woodmere, N Y 
11591 

HOW A R E YO U D O IN G in yeur career at present? lf you are licensed and doina well in real estate or unlicensed ond doing well in another field (sales related or not) I would like to show you 
J E W E L S B Y P A R K L A N E haw you can do better Call Bill ' 
B E A M A N A G E R 
C h a p m a n for confidential in te r-1 Free S5oo fashion jewelry Work o " schedule, no collecting or 
1727 B A B C O C K A T C A L L A G H A N delivery. 344-7572 
( 
M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
Radio Shack Has opening for col 
J le g e g r a d u a t e s in sto re m an agement training program 
732-3412 

FARM BUREAU 
INSURANCE 

Seeks ouHtandinp salesmen to sell and service established farm and ranch accounts 

• $ 1 o ,o o o + during 2 year training program 

• No travel 

• 116 hours of com pany paid classroom training 

Call Odell Frailer 

6 8 1 -o o 7 7 or 2 2 3 -2 6 4 5 

WOMEN 
(or men) 
S17S weekly 
Need car 
M on-Pri 
9am-3pm 
Will Train 
Coll Ann 349-4847 or 349-4397 days. 
658 5155 eves 
W O U L D Y O U L IK E TO K N O W 
M O R E A B O U T A C A R E E R IN 
R E A L E S T A T E A N O T H E A D ­ 
V A N T A G E S T H A T O N L Y R E O 
C A R P E T C A N O F F E R IN NW 
S A N A N T O N IO ? C A L L B O B 
W A N D R IS C O 699-1133 F O R CON- 
F ID E N T IA L IN T E R V IE W . 
REO CARPET 
2X 2 S A L E S O P P O R T U N I T Y uccessful direct sales record, who likes toenjoys the art of the cold call, and w ho lik e s to se rv ic e thleir custom ers.. 

Civil OfUUTSMAN 
TECHNICIAN 
Ex p e rie n c e in street d ra in a g e and sewerage layout Established firm ond good benefits. 655-7223 

COMPUTER PROGRAMMER 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 

DRAFTING $6oo mo 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service instructor A ir Croft Maintenance. 
A-P licence, m lm im um S yrs, atr- cro fi m ain tenance experien ce required. Teochino b ackground preferred 924-85SI 

PROGRAMMER TRAINEE 
Associate in D P 
1233 SW M ilitary 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
P R O G R A M M E R T R A IN E E $55o 

CREDIT MANAGER 

G re a t o p p o rtu n ity with 

 g ro w in g retail chain. 

S e v e ra l p o sitio n s a v a il­ 

 a b le in S a n A n to n io a n d 

 su rro u n d in g are a. 
S a la r y 

 co m m e n su ra te w ith q u a l- 

 fications. S e n d resu m e to 

J Keith, P.O. Box I4 8 6 , 

S a n A n to n io 7 8 2 9 5 . 

EXECUTIVE 
SECRETARY 
For Oil Operator 

Office experience required, 

 shorthand anil typing 
5 day 

 week, downtown parking pro­ 

 vided 

Call Mr. Sarratt 
226-8385 

$65o S E C R E T A R Y $65o 
Execu tive office needs you, no shorthand. 
Call 
Terri 
Todd, 
657-1123. 
Snelling A Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
S E C R E T A R Y S675 
Enter the exciting world of 
Personnel. Lynn 828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
S E C R E T A R Y , general secretor- idl skills required, also ability to handle personnel matters. L o ca ­ tion medieol center. Coll M s El- lolne E ve rs 69o-122o 

SECRETARY 

International radio m inistry needs exceptionally qualified secretary. M a g card ond var­ ied duties. Top salary + ben eftts. Call Mr. Halff, 226-o421 or 349-3674. 

61o- OFFICE & CLERICAL 

SUMMER 
JOBS 

We need: 

TYPISTS 
SHORTHAND 
DICTAPHONE 
LEGAL SECYS 
M A G l / M A G ll 
1o-KEY 
PBX 
KEYPUNCH 

Work a day, o week or several 

 months! We hove temporary fobs 

 for you now 
We require six 

 months lo one year of clerical ex­ 

 perience Call Helen at 828-25o6 

 for un appointment. 

N O F B I E V E R 

(t t m p o r m n f 

Iy i * H r r ie t * > m c . 
, 

18oo N I. loop 41o 82S-: 

SIO OFFICE ft CLERICAL 

W E’RE YOUR 
KIND OF 
PEOPLE 

T O P A P P E A R A N C E 
R E ­ 

Q U E S T E D 
To gre e t this 

 c o m p a n y 's top e x e c u tiv e s 

 a n d p re stig io u s visitors. 

Y o u r sp e cial sm ile a n d 

 frie n dly vo ice will se cure 

 this p e o p le p osition . 
Fee 

Paid. 

Call M oggie, 732-8141. 
$65o 

N O W 
H E A R 
T H IS ! 

O n e o f the m o st fun p la ce s 

 in tow n n e e d s a n ex 

 p e rie n ce d b o o k k e e p e r to 

 d o a ll-a ro u n d d uties 
A 

 c o n g e n ia l b o ss, intere stin g 

 p e o p le , a n d e xcellent 

 gro w th p o te ntia l 

Call Denise, 732-8141 
$7oC 

N O R T H E A S T B O O K S 

H e re s a rare o n e ! lf y o u 're 

 an oil a n d g a s b o o k k e e p e r 

 with ro y a lty distribu tio n , 

 p a y ro ll etc., this super c o m p a n y c o u ld u se your 

 skills. 
Lo v e ly offices, 

 b en efits o n d 3 5 h ou r w ork 

 w eek! Fee Paid. 

Call Joyce. 828-3161. 
$7oC 

VIP PERSONNEL 
SERVICE 
1 8 o o N .t. lo o p 4 1 o 
P la ta W e» t Bldg. 
1st N o tio n a l B an k B ldg. 
6 2 4 3 IM -IO 
IConvem.nl lo Wonderland) 
. 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• A c c o u n ts re c e iv a b le 
• A c c o u n ts p a y a b le 
• P ay ro ll 
• G e n e ra l le d ger 

Salary commensurate with abil­ ity Southwest 5 * location. All compony benefits 

Lasso W estern W ear 

66 2 3 S. Z arzam o ra 
•q u al opp o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

SECRETARY 
A b ility to toke charge of c o m p le te office fu n ctio n s. 

C om pany paid benefits 
Solory nogotloblo depending 
On a rev tout experience 

A p p l y in p e r s o n o r c a ll f o r a p p t . 
Rhoades Transfer 
& Storage 

3o Essex St. 
5 3 2 -5 2 3 4 equal opportunity employer 

A O M IN S E C R E T A R Y 

S E C R E T A R Y - $515 Ber m onth p lu s S I S in su ra n ce . 6oW P M , 2 years secretarial experience. E x ­ cellent fringe benefits including 19 bald holidays, Start immediately. 
Education Service Center 
155o N E Loop 41o 
For oput 828-3551.Ext 514 

SECRETARY $55o 
S P E E D or SH I Fee Reinburst! 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jqckson-Keller 
828-1292 
S E C R E T A R Y , type SS, shorth- a n d -d ic ta p h o n e , n o rth sid e . 
828-o653 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
S6oo S E C R E T A R Y to top exec. phone, type, personality + . R o y 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jo b s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
S E C R E T A R Y 2-3 yrs secretarial tvnind nit CAU,*.*, . k . r i b . . . experience, accurate typing and 
8owpm re a y ire ^ t U a i?4 lr * ^ 
!»»•***»»•• b io lo gica l kn ow le d ge 
•awarn, require of least 4 yrs of helpful Rerentinnict antiae t«rh- responsible secretarial exp. Will 

M u st lave 2 ye a rs af p ro g ra m ­ m ers schooling, 5 day, good bon ut, paid benefits, permanent po­ sition, Bankers Em ploym ent S ir- vice, 87oo Crownhill, 828-6123 

YOU BETCHA BOOTS m anagem ent position for exper­ ienced person with western boot 
.knowledge. Im m ediate opening, salory open, apply In person. 439 
M c carty Rd. 

•YOUR OWN A G E N C Y * _ _ _ _ _ _ 
F a rm e r* Inourance Group otters com plete training p ro gra m ond 6o5 ■ RESUMES all lypee of insurance Continue present lob while starting your own agency on Bort time basis. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
F o r a con dfidential interview , contact Sale s M a n a g e r, J e rry 
M cOouglod by colling 824-7573 

TELEDYNE SERVICE CO. 
Bench Technician!! Join a grow ­ ing nation wide electronic service company. Who is expanding in the 
San Antonio area, excellent ben efits, paid vacation, bonus plan for production. Apply 1213 Basse 
Rd or coll 736-46o3.______________ 

IV BENCH TECH and outside service calls M ust be experienced. Apply Sim pson TV 
924-6682 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
E c o n -O -R e s o u rc e t, 42o4 G a r ­ dendale, 699-1o15. 

6o4 TECHNICAL 
ADMINISTRATIVE- 
FINANCIAL 

W 
M 

NEED 5 PEOPLE 
Am bitious 
Need car 
St art Today 
$25o P E R W E E K 
W IL L T R A IN 
U N U S U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y 
C o ll G ro g or B o rt 349-4398 or 
349-4219 days. 6S4-2277 eves 

ALARM INSTALLATION 
BOOKKEEPER 

 ix e t l t ) ANO NC W I 

Part time evenings 6-9, northeast 
S a le s Rep, s e c u rity s e rv ic e s. 
M a tu re , well gro o m e d d u a lity personnel only. 733-81o6 

The com pany recognized as the E x p e rie n c e d b o o k k e e p e r for leader in the industry is expend 
office R e stu o ran t e x p e r­ t s 1o,o Son Antonio Experienced ,ence appreciated, but not neces- talent reQUired for position with $ory, 5 days per week, Sun Mon on a g g re ss iv e p ro fe ssio n a l or- oft Good r e fe r e n t s necessary 
*o h i,oihiW i •'?»*! .♦r o , n Y *u 
*|® i* S a lo ry com m ensurate with ex- righf the first time. Call 736-4636 pyrience 
Contact Bill Stephens tor appt. 
344 6214 

IN mc ( XPBfSS New s 
CAII 22 S 1666 

THf NUMBIK IO CAU 
IS 225 1666 tXPSfSS ANO NtW S 

ACCOUNTANT 
E xc. opportunity in rap id ly e x­ p and ing Tw in City health care institution Position include fox reporting, account reconciliation and supervisory responsibilities. 
Bachelor degree in accounting or b usiness school accounting c e r­ tificate with 2 yrs.related exper­ ience required E xc salary with liberal benefit package lf inter- ested, send resum e with salo ry requirem ents to: 
B E V E R L Y F R A N K L IN 
Personnel Coordinator 
UNITED HOSPITALS INC 
125 W C O L L E G E 
ST. P A U L, M N 551o2 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

APT MANAGER 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
Prefer H U D exp. B o o kke e p in g background helpful, must type. do 
I not have to live on premises. 
225 2858_______________________ _ 

Controller - Treasurer for active com pany in con stru ction field. 
Salory dependent on experience immediate opening due to illness, i Coll M r Burke 492-1o57 

" CONTROLLER S25K + 
Construction exo fee neg 
1233 SW M ilitary 922 271! Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 
Experienced construction project cost estim ator w th accounting degree for firm, vicinity IH ie and 
! Loop 
16o4 
Call 
Mr, 
Rivers, 
492-1o57.___________ 

IN tnt txe xtss NIVV5 
CAII 225 1666 

 substitute college for exp. up to 2 yrs. Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. Good salary ond excellent opportunity for ca r­ eer advancement. To apply con- 
. tact Em p loym ent Office, B e xar 
County Hosp. Dis! 45o2 Medical 
Dr. San Antonio 78284 696 3o3o 
Ext 
221 equal opportunity employer 
E X E C U T IV E 
S E C R E T A R Y 
I7oo-S8oo 
P a id benefits, 5 day. B a n k e rs 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e r v ic e , 
17oo 
Crownhill, 828-6123 
Experienced wom an as adm inis­ tra to r s e c r e ta r y in C h r is tia n 
Youth Organization. 736-44o6 

 helpful. Receptionist duties, tech­ nical typing, o c c a sio n a l heavy w ork loads. Contact P e rso n n e l 
Dept. Unitveristy pf Texas Sn A n­ tonio 691-425o. Eaual opportunity affirmative oction employer 

PRODUCTION 
W ORKERS 

W e operate 3 shifts and have openings on each in our smelting and refining operations. W ork requires good physical condition and g o o d em ploym ent re­ cord. W e offer excellent starting salaries and benefits with great ad ­ vancem ent opportunities. 

Apply in person 

STAN DARD ELECTRIC CO. 

3o16 Austin Hw y 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

JO B S! JO B S ! JO B S! 

SPfARS PERSONNU SIRVICi 
N U BS QUALIFIED PEOPLE FOR 

RECEPTIONIST >5oo-‘55o 

Learn exciting legol field 

SECRETARY ‘55o 

•Speed or 

SH! fee Reimbursed! Growth! 

MEDICAL OFFICE-S55o 

Mature! lite Bkkp! type! 

FULL CHARGE $ 6 5 o 

Prestige co! Exp.! Fee PdJ 

W ilt TRAIN S 5 o o S S7 5 

IO (LEAN CUT NON-COLLEGE 

Bound HS grads for medical 

 field related services 

SPEARS PERSONNEL 

SERVICE 

2o7 JACKSON KELLER 

8 2 8 -1 2 9 2 

U N IT E D 
P E R S O N N E L 
C O N S U L T A N T S 
Jobs Guaranteed 924-4481 

B O O K K E E P E R $65o 
Super co! Great benefits! 
Call Bobs 828 6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

61o-OFFICE A CLERICAL 
A D M IN . A S S IS T $6oo 
Lite b o o kke e p in g, su p e r spot, benefits. M urvelie 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign D r .Suite 14o 
A D M IN A SST $7oo F E E PO 
Sharp, m ature, career minded. 
Great Opportunity. Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
6322 Sovereign Dr.,Suite 14o 
A Very Special Service 
New Day Personnel Consultants 
9o1 N E Loop 41o- 828-6494 
$55o B O O K K E E P E R 
Futu re with gro w in g firm , call 
Carol Crisp, NOW, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Em ploym ent 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

BOOKKEEPER 

E x p e rie n c e d L e g a l S e c re to ry wanted, capable of taking charge in b u sin e ss litigation m atters, good fringe benefits and excellent o p p o rtu n ity to le a rn on d be stimulated, Salory com m ensurate with experience ond ability. 
2 2 7 - 3 1 o 6 ____________________ 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
INSURANCE SECRETARY 

 side*o f f i c e . ^ C a l * b e t w e e n w.eM auflflffed for a sm all office, 
8 3o-5 p le a sa n t w o rk in g c o n d itio n s, re fe re n c e s re q u ire d , a p p ly at once, Bowlerama, 4719 Blanco 
R d 
__________ ______________ 
B O O K K E E P E R is needed for concrete com pany, experien ce with construction com pany is de­ sired. Wright Sanchez Foundation 
Co Coli for appointment, 341-353o 
B O O K K E E P E R $65o 
Sharp individuals tor natl. co. Call 
----------- 
T e m Todd, 657-1123 o Z e-,Derll n,c,e Snelling A Snelling Em oloym ent preferred Proficient typing skills service 82o3 Rough Rider m inim um 75wpm with accuracy j.m. 
_______ 
Will consid er Ir o n in g som eone $5oo-87oo B O O K K E E P E R lite locking experience if applicant is ? ? ? re't ,R £ V otherwise exceptionally qualified 
L l ' . I ' L l 
W est A v e Jo b s 
Parking provided Col! M r Levey 
- 
” ***• "t r io n m l Consultants, 
226- 1 4 A 
3 _____________________J 
CAU 275-1666 

C H A R T IN T E G R A T O R 
O P E R A T O R 
Independent g a s m e a su re m e n t co m p a n y d e sire s e x p e rie n c e d 
C H A R T IN T E G R A T O R O P E R A ­ 
TO R for new local office. Chart computation and co efficient cal­ culation experience n e c e ssary. 
F u rn ish com plete re su m e ond references to E X P R E S S - N E W S 
B O X 4434, Son Antonio, T X 78297 
Ail replies held in strictest confidence. 
$45o C L E R IC A L T R A IN E E S you con start your career now. R a y 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve . Job s 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants 

COLLECTION and out, s a la ry in s id e a n a out, s a l a r y open dow ntow n area 
226 3329 - 31 4 
Gunter Bide M rs Re vales 

FC BKKP $65o 
F E E P D ! Prestige co! 
S P E A R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keiler 
828 )292 

KSAT TV is now taking applications for a 
Program Secretary equol opportunity em ployer M F 

LEGAL SECRETARY 

F U L L C H A R G E B O O K K E E P E R 
Requirem ents: 3 to 5 years ex­ p e rie n c e w ith m a n u fa c t u rin g com pany or 5 years full charge 
; with com pany em ploying at least 
3o oeople. B e n e fits a v a ila b le 
Salory negotiable, accord ing ta ability Coll Laura ot 227-6191 for appt._________ ________________ _ 
General office, 1o-key by touch, at leos* I yr experience. Contact 
M iss G ollordo 225 3341 
$55o G E N E R A L O F F IC E 8-type, file and organize tor boss. Cindy 
732-2191, 25o) W est A v e Jo b s 
North inc. Personnel Consultants 

 ix e tc ss ANO N tw s 

URGENTLY NEED 

SECRETARIES 

 and 

SALESPERSONS 

N O BIG 
AO 
JUST GREAT 
JOB 

A p p ly to 

ECoN-o-RESoURCES 

"A 
(ult service placement 

 agency specializing in EEE PAID positions." 

Open Tuesday and Thursday 

 til 
8 p.m. for your con­ 

 venience. 

4 2o4 G ardendale 
699-1o15 

1435 G entrai Office 847$ 
Type-general duties-fast advance 
Ester Moreno 923-436o Jobs South 
Placement 
Service 
413 
SW 
Military 
82.45 C rin ge rs S2.6ohr 
Need 6-lite exp.-good hrs. + tost raises. Joyce Best 923-4368 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilitary 
H A L F D A Y G E N E R A L O F F IC E 
Present real estate office north­ east. C h e e rfu l d isp o sitio n , p a ­ tience and accuracy more im por­ tant than speed in our work. Type, file, an sw e r phone. 4 m o rn in g s per week. Call Fitzgerald between 
9 )2. 838-55o7._______________ _____ 
IN S U R A N C E C L E R K 55oo 
Med. term inology helpful. 
Call Bobs 828 4494 
N E W O A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

CAU 225-1666 

o1254374 

M TRESS-W W S BONUS ADS' 
■ ■ ■ I TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS.. 

2 1 INES $ 
IO DAYS 
7 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
5 w w w 
QUICK RESULTS! 

VTI - OFFICt I CLERICAL ti). ■ grot 8 c a m cm. miff t ci hup., mil ■ tfnct t cittmi 6i?-mebical bt/ MISIC*! 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977 

WE’RE YOUR KIND OF PEOPLE 

(Even though you may not see the exact position you are looking for in th«ise ads does not mean tho! we can’t help you get a job or change posi­ tion for the betterment of your career. Call and discuss your needs with us 
— we are here to help you. Office Hours: 8:3o to 5:oo, or after hours by appointment. 

TWO LOCATIONS: 
NORTHEAST 

18oo N.E. LOOP 41o 
/ 
NEAR WONDERLAND 

6243 IN IO 

PEOPLE HANDIER WANTED . The Marketing/PR department of this compony needs your good phone voice and dictaphone experience. Young, fun co-workers, and truly interesting days Coll Denise, 732-8141.................................................................... $55o 

OIL AND GAS ELITE!. . .That describes the atmosphere of one of Southwest Texas' larger drilling companys. You'll handle oil, gas and legal work, all three required in experience Ex­ cellent typing and shorthand. Fee Paid. Coll Joyce, 828-3161........................... $75o + 

INSURE YOUR FUTURE . .Unique national brokerage firm. Lots of public contact and good insurance experience desired. Supervisory position. Salary commensurate with experience. 
Fee Paid. Call Barbara, 732-8141................................................................ OPEN 

INSURANCE ADJUSTER . Needed for this local office. One year experience in personal lines; no degree. Excellent chance to advance. Fee Paid. Call Sharon, 828-3161............... $85o 

ONE CHIEF REQUESTS BUSY INDIAN 
To set pow wows for company executives. Relax in an easy going atmosphere of corporate administration and secretarial responsibilities. Fee 
Paid. Call Maggie, 732-8141.................................................................... $8oo 

INSIDE ADJUSTER . .This company has requested one or more years experience and have adjuster license for this personal lines position. Fee Paid. Call Frankie, 828-3171... $8oo + 

I + 1 = $ .. .Full charge bookkeeping pays well with this northside company This position is a challenging one, with a great deal of responsibilities. Call Frankie, 828-3161......... $75o, 

LET YOUR MIND WANDER . And imagine the opportunity of setting up and running your own office. Sales and percentages will keep you challenged in this specialized business. Two great bosses. Call Maggie, 732-8141.......................................................... $7oo 

GOOD MONEY.. For good typing skills exists with this opening. Beautiful office is added plus No shorthand necessary. Coll Sharon, 828 3161....................................... $7oo 
LOTS OF CHARM . .In this young and congenial firm. Lite typing, good grammar and personality will put you in these lovely offices with lots of extras. Call Barbara, 732-8141 

............................................................................................................................................................................ $5/5 

EXECUTIVE QUALITY.. Is what this financial institution needs! You'll be secretory to the ex­ ecutive V P. of Finance and Accounting. So polish and pose as well as good secretarial skills are needed. Fee Paid. Call Joyce, 828-3161.................................................. $675 

PICK FROM THE TOP . .And join this firm's personnel deportment as its secretary. Pro­ fessionalism, pose, and skills ore what it takes! Fee Negotiable. Call Denise, 732-8141. $7oo 
VIP PERSONNEL SERVICE 

O 
• STENOS 
• TYPISTS 
• BOOKKEEPERS 
• PRODUCT 
DEMONSTRATORS > 

We need fop performers for tem­ porary work all around the town 
Good pay for good skHh and a benefit package 
See how a 
•leady flow of short term assign­ ments fits your lifestyle Apply today 
M A N P O W E R 
TEMPORARY SERVICES 

63o Broadway 
224 92S1 
(quel Opportunity Employer 

 r u n CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER fxceptionol career minded person being sought for position with full range of bookkeeping office management responsive lilies. Must hove ? years ex perience in general amounting and exposure to financial statements 
Excellent working conditions, competitive salary and no down-town traffic 
Send resume to: 
TIMBER TECH INC. 
P O Box 57, Highway 78 
Cibolo, Texas 781o8 or call: 
658-4655 

ASSISTANT DIRECTOR 
OF NURSING 
For O perating R oom /R ecovery 

University teaching hospital expanding to 
2 2 operatinq rooms, and 24 bed recovery unit. Total cart supply system; Full range o f procedures perform ed Successful applicant must have proven a b ility to m anage people. 
Masters degree in nursing desirable but not required. Salary highly com petitive — Ex­ cellent benefits. Pleasant island city on G ulf o f M exico. Please send C V or resume with initial inquiry to: 

M s A .P. R ains, D ire c to r 
D e p a r tm e n t o f N u rs in g 
U n iv e rs ity o f T e x a s 
M e d ic a l B ranch H o s p ita ls 
G a lv e s to n , TX 7 7 5 5 o 
( 7 1 3 ) 7 6 5 -1 1 1 2 

An E qual O p p o rtu n ity Title IX Employer 

612-MEDICAL 
614 SKILLS IRADES 
614 SKILLS IRADES 

Pa g e 19 D 

 m L M IH L JS L 
$$M edical Center ss 
L V N ’ » 
S3. tS w h r A id j 
$2 3$hr D a ys o r eve 
A d m ittin g 
Clerks $2.7Shr JuMe Neat r n *3*9j 
Jobs South P lacem ent S ervice 413 
SW M ilita ry _____________________ j 
MEDICAIOENTAI 
Positions available-m ony a rea s I 
DR P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D E N T A L E m ploym ent Service 
Oak Hills Mad Bide ARO VR IO 

M edical Laboratory Technicians, i 
Must have extensive m edical lab experience, must hove a w o rkin g , knowledge of standard equipm ent used in assigned duties. M ust be a b le to le a r n a n d b e c o m e p r o fic ie n t in th e u s e of n e w ' procedures and equipm ent Good salary and fringe benefits Applv 
P e rs o n n e l O ffic e . R o b e r t 8 .i i 
G re e n 
H o s p ita l 
S t? 
L e o n a . 
223 *361 E xt 24o EO E 

Drexel 
. 
Heritage 
Leonards 
Furniture 

N E W S T O R E O P E N I N G S O O N ’ 

BE A PART O F THE E X C IT E M E N T A N D J O IN 
THE STAFF O F THE N E W E S T A N D FIN EST 
FU RNITU RE ST O R E IN S A N A N T O N IO 

CREDIT MAN AGER-BOOK KEEPER: 
EXPERIENCE 
IN 
GENERAL BO O KKEEPIN G A N D RETAIL CREDIT PREFER 
RED 
PLEASANT APPEARANCE A N D PERSONALITY IM 
PORTANT 
TYPIN G 
A N D 
IO KEY 
PROFICIENCY 
RE 
QUIRED 
FRINGE BENEFITS 
SALARY CO M M ENSURATE 
W ITH EXPERIENCE A N D ABILITY 

SECRETARY: G O O D APPEARANCE W ITH ABILITY TO 
MEET 
PEOPLE. 
FILING 
A N D 
CLERICAL 
EXPERIENCE 
PREFERRED 
TYPIN G PROFICIENCY REQUIRED 
FRINGE 
BENEFITS SALARY CO M M ENSU RATE W ITH EXPERIENCE 
A N D ABILITY. 

Please ap p ly in person 
1o o o a m. to 4 :o o p m 
Leonard’s C olonial Shoppe 
IOT I I C O AC H LIG H T DRIVE 
Off San Pedro, I Mile North of Loop 4'o 

J 
NO FEE 
I 

T e m p o r a r y 

Have all your children left the nest? And left you bored and restless, then gel back into the swing of things by working tem noiary for TASK MASTERS 

We will help vou polish up on your skills, so why not try work mg for us 

Then agoin, have you just _ flown the coop and need to earn I extra cash to help assert your in 
® dependance’ TASK MASTERS can fill all your job needs 

TYPISTS 
STENOS 
1o-KEY 
KEYPUNCH 
MCST or MTST 

D E S K C L E R K 

7 a.rn; 3 p m 

Must be experienced in motf*l desk work 

Excellent w o rking con­ ditions and benefits 

R E L IE F C L E R K 

For weekends 

3 p.m. I I p.m. 

For a p p o in tm e n t call 

6 9 o - 8 8 1 o 

H, L. H o o p e r 

IMMEDIATE OPPORTUNITIES FOR YOU 
IN M ED IC A L PR O FES SIO N 
RECEPTIONISTS — Dr s office 
8 different openings for persons with med office experience, good salaries 
A PEOPIC SUPERVISOR — Exp gets S/5o + adv benet 
REG. X-RAY TECH — Help1 Needed immediately 
ORDERLIES — Suig Attendants, To SS75 + benet 
ADA DIETITIAN — SIO,OOO + excel benefits. M f, neat |oh 
DENTAL RECEPT — N Side o ft. needs expd md now 
DR.'S SECTY — Need mature stable md S55o, I girl oft 
MED INS CLERK — S6oo + meals paid super benefits 
Other similar opportunities available too numerous to list 

D p . P e r s o n n e l 

M e d ic a l-D e n ta l E m p lo y m e n t S e rv ic e 
Oak Hills Medico! Bldg. 
69o 9o1o 

MED INSCRIBER 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 jo b 
Expert!; Inc. P lacem ent Service 
N e e d im m e d ia te ly l V n p a r t tim e and full tim e. A ir F orce V il­ lage *73-27*1 E xt 21 

N U R Si NG F ACU L T Y P O S IT IO N 
Im m ediate opening in new OSN 
M u ltip le e n try -e x it nu rsin g p ro ­ g ra m c iric u lu m . M in im u m prep 
MSN in com m unity-public health n u rs in g . C o n tac t A n g e lo S tate 
U niversity, Dept of N ursing, San 
Angelo, T X 7*9o1 
An E q u a l Op portunity E m ployer. 

* 1 , o o o + 
+ P E R MONTH 
W A R R A N T Y SERVICE 
N ation s largest Hom ebuilder is expanding in San Antonio. 

 lf you: 
I 
. L i k e t o w o r k w i t h y o u r h a n d s 

2 . C a n o r g a n i z e y o u r t i m e 

3 . C a n d e a l w i t h p e o p l e 

(H o m e o w n e rs a n d s u b -c o n tra c to rs ) 

You m ay qualify for a job as a new hom e warranty service representative 
Benefits include; 
C om pany truck, gas, tools, uniforms, 2 weeks P A ID vacation, com pany paid insurance, 6 months perform ance review 

Pay based on $4 5 o hr., guaranteed 4 8 hour work week, time and half over 4 o hours. 

 u s H o m e 

Listed on th e N e w Y o rk stock e x c h a n g e 

C a l l 3 4 9 - 8 o 5 7 M o n . - F r i . ( 8 t o 6 ) S a t . ( 9 - 1 2 ) 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

O i l hod an ic D e n ta l A s s is ta n t w anted, experience p re fe rre d 
6S*-3S3I. 

I 

8 

I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I Teak'MiaoTep: 
■ neeiovM iM t service a s s e s s C»n»»rvl«w Dr. 7 32 -9 *1* 

FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS AND 

LOAN ASSOCIATION 

8 o o N a v a r r o 
BRANCH TELLER 

• 6 months minimum teller experience 
• Northside area office 
• Type 35 wpm 
• Adding machine 
• Calculator 
• Outgoing personality 
I* Neat in appearance 

MORTGAGE LOAN CLERK TYPIST 

• One year mortgage loan or financial background 
• Type 5o wpm 
• Adding machine 
• Calculator 
Applications accepted 9 am-3 pm daily 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

KELLY GIRL 
NEEDS YOU NOW 

• Long and short term 
• G o o d Locations 
• Regular Raises 
• Paid Vacations 
Secretaries 
Typists 
Clerks 
Stat Typists 
Stenos 
Mag Card 

NOT AN AGENCY-NEVER A FEE 

CALL OR COME IN 

K e l l y G i r l * 

A DIVISION or KEILY SIB VICES 
4 6 o 6 Centerview Dr. 
Suite 154 
7 3 6 -2 4 5 5 
Equal Opportui-tty Employ*. 

I 
NEED EXPERIENCED 

OFFICE WORKERS 

FOR TEMPORARY JOBS 

Typist, stenographers, key punch operators, bookkeep ers, general office clerks 
Must have telephone 

N O F E E S ! 

PEAKLOAD, INC. 
S IO N . Main 
2 2 5 -6 o 2 o 

REGISTERED NURSES 
A ll a re a s fo r 3 -1 1 p m a n d 1 1 - 7 ai s h ifts, fu ll tim e . 
• Excellent w orking conditions 
• Fringe benefit program 
• Active in-service program 
• Excellent starting salary comm ensurate w ith experience 

C o n fa c t P e rs o n n e l O ffic e 
Metropolitan General Hospital 

1 2 3 o B ro o k ly n A v e . 
San A n to n io , T x. 7 8 2 1 2 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

TELEX 
OPERATOR 

N eeded fo r a 3 to 4 m onth assignment. 
G o o d north side location. M ust be able to work 4 -1 2 p.m . Prefer I 

 y r e x p e rie n c e o n 2 8 A S R 

N O FEE E V E R ----------- 

Call Helen at 828-25o6 for appointment 

 fm tT ttU te m p o ra ry ! 

 j 

Vt H i l l s I 
A D A REG. DIETITIAN, DAYS I ?K + 
SEVERAL LIO PHYS THERAPIST PO SITIO N S 
LVN-CLIN IC C O O R D ., CHARGE NURSE & DR OFFICE 
ASSIST DIR. PERSONNEL 1 2 K + DEGREE FINANCE 
EXP REO'D 
NURSES AIDES DAYS 2 .6 o hr + 
STAFF R N 'S FEE PD SELECT SHIFT 
O R. SUPFRVISOR (RN) FEE PD 
RN w R T. EXP FOR MED. SALES TO I 2K 
O th e r Excellent Health Related Positions 
A va ila b le Everywhere 
San A ntonio H ealth Sen ices 

P O S ITIO N A V A IL A B L E 
S O U TH W E S T T E X A S 
S TA TE U N IV E R S IT Y 
P H Y S IC IA N 
Responsible for pro vid in g bnsic m e d ic a l c a r e as r e q u ir e d by students enrolled of SW TSU An plicants m ust hove cmd M O dc 
Circe and hold a cu rren t license to practice m edicine in the Stale of 
Texas. Applv before 5 p m , June 
15, 1977, M r John Neone, U nlver s ity In t o r m a r y , S W T S U , San 
M arcos, Texas 78**6 512 245-21*1 
SW TSU is an a ffirm a tiv e action, equal opportunity em ployer______ 
"RN and IVN 
' ! 
11-7 
^ 
Ais fringe dentins 
Golden Manor 736-4544 

R N, full tim e, exp p re fe rre d , Coli c o lle c t: St 
V in c e n t H o s p ita l. I 
P O B ox 
21o7, 
S o m a 
F e , 
N .M.875o1. 5o5 983 33*1, 
E xt 214 
BOE. 

Rills - LV N s 
EARN INSTANT SS w ith ou r e x c lu s iv e in s ta n t pay p ro g ra m 
You can w o rk today and be p a id to d ay. Y ou decide w hen and w h ere you w ork and earn lop salary besides. For m ore inform ation about this unique ob portunity. call us 
224-S885 
MEDICAL 
PERSONNEL PSOl 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We ate looking for general laborers who can work either short or long term assignments Home phone and tar necessary. 
Apply daily from 9-3. 
M A N PO W ER lr m p o r a r y sr MVL t % 

321 Brooklyn 
224 9753 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity [m p lo y e i 

■■■ lim m m m d m 

Placements* Inc, 

84 N E. lo o p 4 1 o - ( 5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 4 3 1 3 
San A n tonio, Texas 7 8 2 1 6 

DIESEL 
OVER-THE-ROAD 
DRIVER 
Must pow stiff wntten driving ond physiial examinations, Must hove ut least 3 yrs experience 
Will be running double with no toad lay overs Equipment pealed with IO, 13 ond IS speed over ond under transmissions log book experience necessary Re quires being away bom home on weekends 
Drivers unload ol customers along the route Run ning to upper Mid west and Colo 
Call 6 54-6543 
Monday for further information 

RN Supervisor 3-11 
RNs and LV N s 
F U L L - P A R T T IM E 
E X P E R IE N C E D A ID E S 
N o n -s m o k e rs p le a s e a p p ly j loom U Hillside M onor 831o G ault j 
Lone. 828 o*o* 

$4oo U P N U R S E A ID E S , l.V N 's , 
O rderlies Need now shift Rosie 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A v e 
Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

614 SKIUS THAMS 

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK 

We have on immediate need for on individual with some or- counting or bookkeeping experience. Varied office duties include typing, toasting preparation of accounting reports, distribution of moil ond other miscellaneous assignments. 

Should be on occurotc typist and proficient with a 1o-key calculator. 

KEY PUNCH OPERATOR 

Requires ot least I years experience on IBM 3742 or Mohowk 

2491. Second shift only. 

Anyone interested in any of the above mentioned positions, 

 please apply in person as soon as possible. 
F rie d ric h 

ACCOUNTING 

CLERK 

1o-key by touch required, typing 4o WPM, accounting experience not necessary. 

Please call Diane Miller 

7 3 5 -9 3 9 2 ext 3 1 o 

 tquol Opportunity Employer 

N U R S I N G 

C O O R D I N A T O R 

Weekends and evenings 
G e n e ra l office background . G o ad telepho ne m an n er essential, lite typ in g skills needed. Call fo r ap p t. 
2 2 6 -6 3 3 3 

ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS 
F O R 2 C f t N A ’S 
FOR EMPLOYMENT STARTING 7-1-77 

PLEASE W R IT E O R CALL 
R. W. MANLEY ADMINISTRATOR 

S I 2 - 3 8 3 - 6 2 1 I 

EDINBURG GENERAL HOSPITAL 
3 3 3 W EST FREDDY G O N Z A L E S 
E D IN B U R G , TEXAS 7 8 5 3 9 

EQUAL O PPO R TU N ITY EMPLOYER M /E 

MRN* 

LEADING 
NATIONAL 
MER 
CHANT, bos office position open 
Excellent opportunity for od vancement Work is challenging ond varied 
Solary and frigne benefits All qualified applicants considered 

 for inteiview appointment write: 

GRAHAM PAPER CO. 
PO BOX 9366 
SAN ANTONIO. TX 782o4 

FACULTY POSITIONS 

Immediate openings 
NLN ac­ credited hospital school of 
Nursing MSN preferred BSH with active educational interest would be considered. Clinical experience required 
Teaching experience preferred Openings in all clinical areas. Competitive salaries ond excellent fringe benefits. 

Contact Director School of Nut sing. Baptist Memorial Hospital 
System, San Antonio, TX 78286 
2 2 2 - 8 4 3 ) , ext. 21o 
Call collect 

 equal opportunity employer 

A D ivision o f W y la in Inc. 
4 2 o o N Pan Am E xp ressw ay 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m ployer 
J 

EXECUTIVE 
SECRETARY 
Office manager capabilities Good shorthand and typing skills re quired. Experienced dealing with people Please send resume to 

MAVERICK COUNTY 
HOSPITAL DISTRICT 

Personnel O ffic e 
PO BOX 1 4 7 o 
Eagle Pest, IX 78857 or coll 
( 5 1 3 ) 7 7 3 - 5 3 3 1 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo yer 

C R E D IT C O L L E C T IO N S 

W i n d s o r P a r k M a l l 

• Paid Vacation 

• G rou p Life 
Insurance 

5 day, 4 o hour week 

H ospitalization 

Retirement 

Must be experienced. Bilingual helpful. 

A pply C redit Personnel 

O ffice , W indsor Park M all 

E q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y e m p lo y e r 

ADVERTISING 
AGENCY 

NEEDS NCR 395 or 299 

Posting Machine 
Operator 

Experience required. 

C a ll 2 2 3 - 6 1 3 1 e x t . 4 1 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year experience 
• Full Time 
• 6 p.m.-2 o.m. 
• Monday-Friday 
Apply in Person 
FROST BANK 
Personnel Dept. 
IOO W. Houston st. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

W A N T E D : 
Registered or 
Registry Eligible 
R A D IO L O G Y 
T E C H N O LO G IS TS lo work in our modern deport men! We offer excellent wocking conditions, excellent starting salary and newly improved fringe benefit program lf interested, contact 
A r n o ld G a r c i a , 

Chief Technologist 
Radiology Dept. 
V A L L E Y C O M M U N IT Y 
H O S P IT A L 
PO Box 371o 
Brownsville, TX 78S2o 
P hone(512) 831-9611 
Ext. 258 or 259 

RN’s - LVN’s 
J o in S o n A n to n io ’s la r g e s t p r o v id e r o f s ta ff r e lie f s e rv ic e s 

4 - 

Experienced 
WEB PRESS 
OPERATOR 

E x p e rie n c e d o ffs e t web press operator needed im m ediately for 
San 
A ntonio's fastest grow ing p rin ­ ting plant. Two years offse t web exper­ ience minimum. M ust be able to work w ithout close super­ vision and know color printing w ell. 

C a ll A n d y W ie te r s 
2 2 3 -8 8 3 2 f o r in t e r v ie w 

CARPENTER 

SUBCONTRACTORS 

Jim W alter Homes 

 bos work available lot framinq sub (ontrartors Experience with piling and poured prei latin dutions desirable. 
Must have ciew, tools and tcans|)ortatioii 

Call 653-1336 

 equal opportunity employe! 
^ --------------------................. 
4 

 f u l lf i l ii I iii 11 i u h i ii it iii ti ii i 11 i n r iu ’ I 

I 
NEEDED AT ONCE! 
EXPERIENCED 
ELECTRICAL 
HELPERS 

 sr 
* 
2 or 3 years house w irin g exp erien ce 
I 
FOSS ELECTRIC CO. 
9o1 O Aero 
824-2358 

 r iii i i i ii i i i M i ii i i i ii i i ii i i i ii i i ii i H H i r r 

★ CEMENT FINISHERS 

★ CARPENTERS 

★ BACK - HOE OPERATORS 

★ LABORS - UTILITY MEN 

A FOR PERSONS LOCATED IN : 

Jourdanton, 
Pleasanton, 
Poteet, 
Cam p 

Ltellton, Christine AUSTIN POWER w ill be 

 taking applications at 
FDDY’S 
MOTEL, 

R O O M sr 8 at 4 6 o So. M ain in Pleasanton 

 all d ay Sunday, M ay 2 2 , 1 9 7 7. 9 A M 
- 7 

P.M ., for their San M iguel Project located 

 neat Jourdanton. See M r. Bill Butters or Mr 

Rob Sharpton or call 

5 1 
2 - 5 6 9 - 2 1 6 8 

Applications for later use w ill also be taken 

 all other crafts. 
A pplications are also 

 being taken at the project. Call 

5 1 2 - 7 8 4 - 3 5 o 3 

AUSTIN POWER & AUSTIN 
INDUSTRIES CO. 

2 5 3 o W A L N U T H ILL LA N E S U IT f 3 *1 o 1 

D A L L A S , T E X A S 7 5 2 2 9 

An E qual O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

B u rg la r a la rm (a s ia lia !.on and s e rv ic e m e n , e x p e rie n c e d only 
54.75-55 SO p e r h o u r 
W o rk in 
Houston 
C ertified 
A larm 
I 713-522-1o71 

Business m a ch in e s ale sm a n de­ siring m a n ag e m en t opp o rtu n ity w ith g ro w in g c o m p a n y , s a la ry ii open. Call 342-3124 tor a p p t 
1 

CAR D R IV E R S warned, apply in person, South T e x a s T ire Test 
F leet, D evine, Tx. 819 N . T ra n sporlotion D r.____________________ 

 carpenters’ 
Residential Construction 
349-3544 

LUCCHESE 
BOOT CO. 

W e N e e d : 

★ D Y E M 
A 
N 

★ SHOE REPAIRMEN 

★ COWBOY BOOT FANCY 
STITCHERS 

★ QUALIFIED BOOT MAKERS 

1226 E. H ouston St. 

2 2 6 -1 3 5 3 

Call: 

224-2341 

HOMEMAKERS 
U P J O H N “ 

^ e q u o lo p p o rtu n iiy e m p io y e r 

WEEKEND SHIFTS 
RN’s — $ 4 8 .o o 
LVN’S — $ 3 6 .o o 
• P aid lunch bonus 
• Paid Holidays 
• Paid vacations 
• Hospitalization 
• S en io rity banus 
• R o fo rra f bonus 
HOSPITAL 
TEMPORARIES 
2 2 5 - 3 4 8 2 
Rosa Verde low ers, lobby 
343 W. Houston 
(opposite tanto Ross Hospital) 

PROGRAMMER & 

TOOL DESIGN 

Experienced machinist with knowledge of set-ups. tool geometry, speeds ond feeds 

 monuforturing methods In design 
|igs, fixtures, tooling und progmm 
NI machine tools Algebra and trig required Salary negotiable 

 a p p ly in person 

9am-3pm weekdays 

Ingram Mfg. Co. 

54C Culebra equal opportunity employer 

C E N T R A L A IR 
I C O N D IT IO N IN G S E R V IC E M A N needed. E x p e rie n c e re q u ire d in residential ond sm all com m ercial j system s. Top pay for q u a lifie d 
: m an. Plenty of w ork M any com ­ pany benefits Y O U N G P L U M B i IN G CO., P ort LoV oca, 
Texas 
I 1-552 *733 

! C o m m e rc ia l a p p lia n c e s e rv ic e technician experienced in ranges, dishwashers, ovens ad disposals i M ust be re lia b le, am bitio us and neat in appearance Good pay and benefits for right person. 735-2811 for appointment 

Need g irl Tuesday th ru F rid a y . 
8AM-4 3oPM, June, July, August. 
M ust have good personality Type 
4Q -5oW PM a c c u r a te ly 
S tinso n 
Field Coll 927-62o1 
N orthside CPA firm needs e xp e r­ ienced Full C harge B ookkeeper. 
S a la r y c o m m e n s u r a te w ith qualification Call M r. G ulley or 
M r. Kelley, *9o-8933 

^OFFICE CLERK' 

Mature responsible lady for genera! 

-flite work 
Opportunity lo learn 

•lie business and advance Excellent 

(deipony benefits including profit 

 sharing. Coll: 
M rs . H o s te tte r 

LIVING WINDOW CORP 

L E G A L T R A IN E E $55o F E E PO 
Choree to lea rn , m ust type, Super boss Ethel 349-3541 
S H A R P E Personnel Service 
*322 Sovereign D r..Suite 14o 
Local F irm in Northw est San A n­ tonio seeks experienced Accounts j re c e iv a b le C le r k . G ood s a la ry ond benefits. Sen resum e to E x ­ press and New s Box 
No 
43*9, 
78297 

M ature individual with bookkeep­ ing and ty p in g e x p e rie n c e fo r w ork in golf club o ffice. H ours 
9am -3pm Tues - Sat. M ust have own transportation. Coli *55-1421 
344-8381 J 
MECHANIC 
P re fe r fo re ig n c a r or diesel e x ­ p e rie n c e . G ood w o rk in g c o n d i­ tions, in s u ra n c e . W o rk is c o m ­ mission and guarantee basis 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o A U S T IN H W Y 

-14- K IR B Y A R E A $I2ow k 
1o-kev, file, typing 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 Job 
E xperts Inc. P lacem ent S ervice 

THI N U M B ifl TO C A U 
IS 225 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N D NEW S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

CAR TITLE CLERK 

 with good speed 

* Must be immediately available 

( N o P h o n e C a lls ) 
Apply in Person 

ALAMO TOYOTA 

5 1 4 N I L o o p 4 1 o 

OFFICE CLERK 

Mature responsible lady foi general office work Opportunity to leon: the business and ad vante Excellent Company bene­ fits including profit sharing Colt: 
Mrs. Hostetter 

LIVING WINDOW CORP. 
344-8381 

OFFICE HELP 
Need 14, various duties 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 Job 
E xperts Inc. Placem ent Service 
P A R T T IM E 
DESK C L E R K 
W ith som e e xp 
A p p ly T r a v e l 
Lodge N W at W urzbach and IH 
IO 696 o81o 

Immediate opening for on| 

Operating 
Room 
Supervisor! 

 and an OR Tech. in a 1oo-bcdj 

 fully accredited hospital. At-1 

 tractive salary and excellent! 

 fringe benefits. Please con I 

 toct the Administrator - D. M. 

Cogdeli Mem orial Hospital • 

Snyder, Texas 79549. (qual 

Opportunity Employer. " 

A P P L IC A T IO N S now being taken for a Night Supervisor ( t i 7) in a 
1oo-bed a c c re d ite d h o sp ital 
A t­ tra c tiv e s a la ry , v a c a tio n , hospi­ talization and life insurance, sick lea v e, r e tire m e n t and a v a ila b le nurses quarters. We are an equal o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 
P le a s e contact the A dm inistrator at D M . 
C o g d e li M e m o r ia l H o s p ita l • 
Snyder, 
Texas 
79549. 
Phone 
915-573 2657. 
C a m p N u rs e fo r p r iv a te g irls cam p. June I • August IS. B an- dero, Tx. 512-796-33o2. 
D e n ta l a s s is ta n t needed fu ll or p ar! tim e, m ust hove 18 months experience. Call 696-3231 tor appt 
Interview s on Mon-W ed and F ri 
Mornings. 

P a r t tim e ty p in g a t h o m e fo r h o u s e w ife w ith e x p e r t ty p in g skills, ty p e w rite r furnished R e p ­ ly to Express Box 4346 S A 78297 

P B X O P E R A T O R S N e e d n ow - exp. S tart $2.3. Shift w ork. Rosie 
732-2191, 25o1 W e s t A v e 
Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants. 
Person 
IO vents e xp e rien c e in office w ork and bookkeeping lo accept the challenge of com plete­ ly ta k in g o v e r the o ffic e m a n ­ agem ent and rendering a prom pt a c c u ra te P and L and b a la n c e s h ee t e ac h m o n th fo r o la r g e long-established re tail business 
Reply 
9o5 
San 
Pedro, 
Paul 
Dubose 

P a r t tim e r e lie f , 
7 - 3 , a n d 3 - 1 T 
RN 
* 
Charge position, 3-11 
Full or part time 
% 
A p p ly in p e rs o n 4? 
6 1 6 W . R u s s e ll £ 
SAN PEDRO MANOR 
^ 
. ' i c 
* * * * * * * * v 

E x p e rie n c e d D e n ta l a s s is ta n t, b e n e fits , n o r th s id e , 
X R a y s necessary 349 3396 
____ 

E xperienced Chan side A ssistant. tor busy northside office. Please send resum e and expected salary lo Express News Box 4343_______ 
E x p e r ie n c e d M e d ic a l 
T r o n - s c rib e r to r In te r n a l M e d ic in e 
S p e c ia lis t. N o rth s id e lo c a tio n , 
M onday- F rid a y , full fringe ben efits, salary open. Send resum e lo 
Express and New s Box No. 437o, 
78297. 

Have an opening tor a Staff Full j 
T im e X -R a y T e c h n ic ia n , d a y shift, Nix Hoapital X -R ay, contact 
Chief Technician, 223-42o3. 
Licensed Physical Therapist, full tim e . 
G ir lin g 
H o m e 
H e a lth 
349-4193, 
8am -5pm 
M F . 
Need now! 

YOU 
DESERVE 

MORE THAN A 

JOB! 

Drive for 
North 

American and own 

 your own business. 

We ll help you get into business for yourself os a professional owner operator. How’ See Nor lh 
American's ad in today s Business 
Opportunity clossifitntion 

C O N C R E T E W O R K E R , m u s t h a v e p r e v io u s e x p e r ie n c e in c u rb s , in le ts , flat w o rk 
C a ll 
658-4543 days, *95 93o7 eves 

Diesel Bob tail d riv e r, in and out of tow n d e liv e r y , s ta r t $3 per 
I h our, m ust h a ve I y e a r e x p e r­ ie n c e , p a id v a c a t io n , p a id holidays, com pany insurance, op p ly in p e rs o n In d u s t r ia l Lu bnconts, 434 R iverside Or_______ 

D itc h in g M a c h in e O p e r a to r '. 
Davis and Backhoe Some re p air w o r k , m u s t be e x p e r ie n c e d 
826 oo47 Nights *25-81*1. 

5*oo-58oo D R IV E R S lo ca l or in state 
Big R igs to V an s 
C indy 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A v e 
Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
E L E C T R IC IA N S w anted E x p e r­ ienced, no licence required Ran doiph area Call for appt. 4-6PM , 
658-6493 

Drexel I 
Heritage 
Leonard’s 
Furniture 

NEW STORE OPENING SOON! 

• DELIVERY MANAGER 
• SHIPPING-RECEIVING WORKER 

EXPERIENCE 
IN 
FURNITURE 
SHIPPING 
ANO 
RECEIVING, MAKE-REAOY ANO DELIVERY PREFER­ 
RED. MUST KNOW CITY. NEAT APPEARANCE AND 
GOOD 
WORK 
RECORD 
ESSENTIAL. 
EXCELLENT 
W ORKING 
CONDITIONS. 
FRINGE 
BENEFITS. 
SALARY COMMENSURATE WITH EXPERIENCE AND 
ABILITY. 

Pinos*? a p p ly in person 

1 o o o o rn to 4 OO p m 
Leonard’s Colonial Shoppe 
TOI I I Coachlight Drive 
Off San Pedro, I Mile North loop 41o 

ERECTION 
SUPERINTENDENT fo r p re c a s t c o n c re te e re c tio n p rim a rily , must be able to w ork ou t of to w n . E x p e r ie n c e a n d re fe re n c e s re q u ir e d 
S end re sam e lo PO Box 9491 S A Tx 782o4 

 i t 
1 

NIGHT SHIFT 

Wlonday-Thursday 

5:3o p.r n .-9:3o p.m. 

Experienced only 

L V N , 11-7 
Call M rs. M orse, 224-2381. 

* 

* 

$525 R E C E P T IO N IS T NS. M e e t and greet Good phone voice. Ray 
732-2191, 25o) W est A v e 
Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants 

R E C E P T IO N IS T T Y P IS T 55oo 
5 day, perm anent only. B ankers 
E m p lo y m e n t 
S e r v ic e , 
87 oo 
Crownhill, 828-6123. 

S E C R E T A R Y with telephone and c o lle c tio n e x p e rie n c e . S 'i d a y week, answ er phone, take orders and collect accounts. 735-6)37 
SHARP S E C R E T A E Y 
1-secretary office, typing, filin g , bookkeeping and public relations. 
M u s t be re sp o n s ib le and n e at. 
B ilin g u a l p r e fe r r e d 
M u s t be ready to start im m ed ia te ly . C all 
M r. Perkins 734-5o31 9am -4pm 

HISTOLOGY 
TECH ll 

• One year experience 

Apply to Personnel Office 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS 

METHODIST HOSPITAL 

7 7 o o Floyd Curl Dr. 

 equal opportunity employer 

LVN Part Time 311 
922 2761 ___ 
L V N s and R N s , p a r t tim e , a ll shifts Oak Hills C are Center 73o2 
Oak M anor D r 344-8537__________ 
LVNS 
3-11 F U L L T IM E 
7-3 P A R T T IM E 
_____________ 924-813*_____________ 
LVNS NEEDED! 
All shifts C are Inn of Seguin, Call collect 
1-379-7777 
T ravel allowance. 

LVNS N E E D E D 
3-11 and 11-7 
Apply rn person at 
St Benedict Hospital and Nursing 
Home. South A lam o at Johnson, 
222-o171. 
E qual 
O pportunity 
E m ployer_________________________ 

 tor fast Results 
Pl ACI YOUR WANT AD 
IN Tnt IXPRESS NC SVS 
CAU 2 25 -1 6o 6 

Trimmers 

» Pressers 

 i fusing Press Operators 

> finishing Department 

CMT CORP 

227 Lone Star Blvd. 

226-5526 

Assistant buoenntendants for re ­ s id e n tia l c o n s tru c tio n . E x p e r ­ ience p re fe rre d , but we w ill from . 
Call $494 234o1 between 8:3o-Spm 
Sitterle Companies________ _______ 

B arb er needed at once, K elly A ir 
Force Bose. 923 9183, 432 9441. 
B A R B E R w anted. Apply in p e r ­ son 2343 Vance Jackson Sam 6pm 
BODYWORK 
E xperience necessary, plenty of w ork. Apply in persn, Calm baeh 
C o .D A T S U N , 2719 F r e d e r ic k s burg Rd 
____________ 

B O W LIN G L A N E M A N A G E R 
P riv a te bowling club in Boerne, 8 lane house, p re fe r e xp e rien c e d person 
Send resu m e to Boerne 
T urn V erem PO Box 554 Boerne, 
Tx 73oo6 

E X P R E S S A N O N t W S 

E x p e rie n c e d J o u rn e y m e n and helpers. Need apply in person to 
Bexar Electric Co. 2o14 West Ave. 
7.15-91(1. We ore on E qual Opoor- lunity Em ployer__________________ 
E xperienced o p e rato r for sm all 
, blade and front end loader Apply in person Jo M r 
M u rry at High 
C ountry sub division oft Judson 
R d , of T im b e r w a y a n d O ak c ountry between 7:3o ond Spm. 

E x p e rie n c e d Johnson E v in ru d e i OB m echanic, hove n o rm a l m e choate toots. 4o h r w o rk w eek 
52oo per week it qualified Call 
648 1341__________________________ 

E xperienced C aract 
Mechanics and Helpers 
G ood P ay. S teady w o rk . O th e r benefits. Apply in person at 
O'Krent Floor Covering 
__________ 3oo Son Pedro 
E x p e rie n c e d o n ly r e ta il m e a t counter man. 
433-9oU. 
526 
N 
Zarrom orq._______________________ 

E X P E R IE N C E D M 65 G E A D E R 
O P E R A T O R steady w o rk , good wages. Call after 6 344-7742. 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
A U T O 
M E 
C H A N IC own hand tools 
A pply rear of 133o7 Nacogdoches Rd 
E x p e rie n c e d d ie s e l tr u c k m e- chanic to work w ith W hite trucks. 
E E O em ployer. 497-3711 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
DOG 
G R O O M E R 
Apply in person, 
2336 
E. 
Southerns*. 
I 

E X P E R IE N C E D H a ir d r e s s e r 
N e e d e d 
W e d g e w o o d B e a u ty 
Salon 67o1 Blanco 342 9457______ 

E X P E R IE N C E D 
TIRE M EN 
N E E D E D IM M E D IA T E L Y 
L IV E L Y T IR E CO 
2814 BLANCO R P 
734 7737 

E xperienced Single Needle O per a to r to sew c an vas goods 
C ali 
G ory or Don 922-1328_____________ 
E x p e r ie n c e d r e p a ir p lu m b e r, exp in appliance re p air desirable but not necessary Apply in per son 
3ohn 
A 
A lb e rt 
Co. 
2425 
Broadw ay 

AUTOMOTIVE 

We need an experienced 

BODY SHOP ASSISTANT 
Qualified in talking with (us tonier, writing estimates ond handling body shop personnel lf you ore tim person, and looking lot o permanent position, with good opportunity lot udvunce went with an established busi­ ness we would like lo talk to you 

Call Mr. Lee Borchers 

225-65o1 

SHIPPING CLERK ^ 
■ 
Must know city, and hove* minimum 3 years e x p e rt 
•unco Top salary 

A p p ly in person to 
■ * 
M r. Leal no phone calls 

Plaza Furniture Co. 
12 3 W . Commerce 
O p p o site C ity Holt u 

F u r n itu r e r e p a ir a n d to u c h u p p e rso n 
P o r fim e 
E x p e r ie n c e d p r e fe r r e d 
N o S m o k in g 
G ood 
F a y 
F IS H E R S. 145o N E 
Coop 
41o. 

GAS T U R B IN E M E C H A N IC 
, 
.----------------------- [A N D 
S E R V IC E 
E x p e rie n c e d m a in te n a n c e m on 
R E P R E S E N T A T IV E for northside com plex, must hove M u s t know baste in d u s tria l gas own tools and tra n s p o rta tio n , 5 [tu rb in e re n o ir, w iltin g to tr a v e l days Colt 824-5*31, 9-5 

E x p e rie n c e d tir e c h a n g e r and ^ ,ePs® ca'* wheel b alan cer, only experience 713-467-9612 

 and fluent in Spanish lan g u ag ' 
M r.K lin tm o n , 

 need apply, good salary, plenty al H a ird re s s e r, e xp e rien c e d , w ork working hours 736-451*. 
EXP. MACHINIST 
D.S. Anthony & Sons 
1235 W Laurel 734-5121 
E X P 
R E M O D E L IN G 
C A R 
P E N T E R w ith ow n tools 
C o ll atter Spm, 333 *853 

 jlia m -7 p m G u a r a n te e * -c o m m 
'271o Culebra a t N. Gen. M c M u llen 
432-9741____________________ 

H a ird re s s e r," fu ll o r"p o rt' tim e . well located, busy shop 653-1353 
H a ir d r e s s e r o r m a n ic u r is t , 
P ie rre D u V a l H a ir Studio 824-5577 
828 *751 

FLORAL DESIGNER 
Must have experience 732-82o5 
SSM F O R E M A N to supervise line 

HAIRSTYLIST 
W IT H F O L L O W IN G O N L Y 
F re e shampoo girl, 5 5 V C entral 
P ork M all a rea . 342-949*________ 

$3 25 Helpers 13 75hr p ro d u c tio n 
B ilin g u a l. C in d y M a tu re ' D ependable! 4pm n a m 
732 219). 25o1 W est A v e. Jobs * d a ys N e e d 2 
John H a m p to n 
North inc Personnel Consultants. '923-436o Jobs South P la c e m e n t 
" 
' 
“ - ■ 
Service 413 SW M ilita ry _________ _ 
S4.oohr Appliance R uooir $5hr 
Lo 
+ s m a ll a p p lia n c e e x p r e r lence! Lg 
N atl Co. AA benefits! 
M u s t k now r e fr ig . D a v e C ris p 
923-4367 Jobs South P la c e m e n t 
S ervice 413 SW M ilita ry 

F O R M IC A M A N 
Need experienced F o rm ica M an tor shop work 
Good pay, steady work 455-o2o2, 8 am 4 3o pm . 

F O R M 
SETTERS-SS.OOhr 
F o r re s id e n tia l h o m e b u ild e rs . 
E x p n e c e s s a r y . 
M u s t h a v e k n o w le d g e of s q u a r in g ond leveling foundations Call M arcos 
Espinoza, 6am lp m at 732-833* or after 8pm, 733 7945.____________ 

15 225 1666 
EXPRESS AND NtW S 

HUSBAND and WIFE to $12oo m o,, home m gm t 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922 2711 Job 
E xp e rts Inc. P lacem ent Service 

P l A C I YOUR W A N T AD 
IN THI IX P R tS S N tW S 
C A II 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

P o g < 
2 o - D 

614-SKILLS - TRADES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 
-t- 
-Sunday May 22 T977 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS-TRADES 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
616 - FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
> 616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

• Retirem ent Prog, am 
• In s u re d S k k P oy 
• 9 Holidays e Tuition Assistance 
• Bereavem ent Poy 
• Company Sponsors t 
Employee Activities e Excellent W orking 
Conditions e $ 5 o ,o o o m ajor medical coverage 

!SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

 i Continued growth of Sweoringen Amotion corporation hot created a de­ mand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufac i luring 

| Sweoringen has immediate requirements for experienced Sheefmefol 
| Mechanics. These positions require experience performing structural 
I assembly and aircraft sheetmetal installation. These positions offer 
I'rtortinq rotes from S3 49 to S4.I9 per hour, automa^; 9o day increases, 
| annual qenerol increases, and excellent working conditions 
OTHER COMPANY BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

• Job Stability 

• G ro u p life r In su ra n ce 

• Group Medical to surefire 
• liberal Vocation Benefits 

• D is a b ility B e n e fits 

• J o b b a s tin g 

• Jury Duty Pay 

• M ilitary pay differential 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the 
| general aviation industry We ore committed to a policy of promotion 
:.i from within and offering employees opportunities for advancement based on their individual ability and peiformance 

| lf you ore interested in knowing more jbout these openings and o possi- 
| hie future with Swearingen, you should apply in person ct the employ- 
I ment office, Sweoringen Aviation Corporation, International Airport, San 
Antonio, Tx. (come Tost on Bitters Bood post Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on NE entrance rood) 
S W E A R IN G E M I Wk 

 f O H P O M A t l C t M 

A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 
An (quoI Opportunity Employer 

★ PULIDOR DE CEMENTO 

★ CARPINTEROS 

★ OPERADORES DE 
MAQUINARIA PARA 
EXCAVACION 

★ M A NO DE OBRA 

★ PARA PERSONAS ESTABLECIDAS EN: 

Jourdanton, 
Pleasanton, 
Poteet, 
Cam p­ bellton, Christine. 
AUSTIN 
POWER estara tom ando aplicaciones en el M otel de Eddy's, cuarto numero 8, todo el die el dom ingo, m ayo 2 2 -1 9 7 7 . 9 A M 
- 7 P.M ., para el plan de San M iguel localizado en Jourdart- 

+on: Ver al senor Bill Butters o el senor Rob. 
Sharpton o daman 
5 1 2 — 5 6 9 - 2 1 6 8 

Aplicaciones para usarse en el futuro seton tam bien tornados en otros oficios. 
Aplica ciones son tam bien tornados en el proyecto. 

Llamar al: 
5 1 2 - 7 8 4 - 3 5 o 3 

AUSTIN POWER & 
AUSTIN INDUSTRIES CO. 
2 5 3 o W ALNUT HILL LANE SUITE * 1 o 1 
DALLAS, TEXAS 7 5 2 2 9 

IG U A ID A D DE O PORTUNIDAD DE EMPLEO 

JETCRAFTERS INC. 

62o He# Waste! 
Miscellaneous 
62o HELP WANTED 

MISmLANEO£ 
62o HELP RANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

BINDERY MACHINE OPERATOR 

Bindery person with folder, cutter a n d /o r col- ator experience. Full time position open with excellent benefit package. 

Coll 923-7591 Ext. 62 

I h 

 far appt, or tom e by 
L F a 

C l a r k e ( ' n n u 
51o1 S. Zarzamoro 

 to a p p l y i n p e r s o n 

 e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y e m p lo y e r 

P a c k a ^ i n 3 
C o m p a n y 

S e a r s 
Commission 
Auto Mechanic 

 full time, experienced auto mechanic for air conditioning and front end work. Draw against commission ar­ rangement 5-doy 4o-hour week with paid vocation and 9 holidays, plus employee discount on purchases. Profit sharing retirement plan, group hospitalization ond life in­ surance available. Apply personnel office. 

A n Eq ual O p p o r t u n i t y E m p l o y e r M Z F 
Sears Central Park Store 

O 
L O 
F 
A 
S 
H 
I O 
N 
E 
D 

H A M B U R G E R S . 

W endy’s International Inc. 

Is grow ing aggressively in the Dallas, Fort W orth and Houston areas. We presently have 19 stores open and operating in those areas, and we plan to hove 
2o more open or under construction by yeors end. 

We ore looking for aggressive, intelligent individuals who are capable of quickly learning our successful operational techniques and management philosophies, lf you ore looking for on entry level position in the management field and are w illin g to make the e ffort to succeed, then we con offer you a road for you to take to reoch that success. 

WENDY $ OLD FASHIONED HAMBURGERS are opening all over the United States and Canada. We had 252 stores open of the end of 1975, 52o stores open at the end of 1976 and we plan to have in excess of 95o stores open by the end of this year. 

 lf you want to grow , and you feel you ore qualified for our management training program , we w ill be interview ing and accepting applications Monday and Tuesday here in the San Antonio area. 

MANAGERS 

$14,ooo + 

D O W N TO W N HOLIDAY INN 
ROOM 2o4 

2 weeks paid vacation 
Stock Option Pion 
Excellent Health & life Insurance 
All of the above plus o chance to work with a quality and people-oriented company 

An Iguol Opportunity Employer M f 

■ 
M 
H 
M 
H 
K 
M 
N i 

CO-MANAGERS 

$ 1 1 , o o o + 

NEEDED 
NOW! 

Part time Cashiers 

Evenings and Weekends 

At these locations: 

1923 Bianco Rd. 

1626 Guadalupe 

2o26 Nogalitos 

331 S. W.W. W hite Rd. 

62o6 Pecan Valley 

Apply in person 

STOP N GO 
MARKETS 

2o4 E. Rhapsody Dr. 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

CONSTRUCTION 
SUPERVISOR 

Supervise Job Superintendents, Doing Take-offs, 
Bidding, Scheduling, Expediting. 

CAU COLLECT TO JERRY BERNSTEIN, 
HARRY REED & COMPANY 

1-713-524 81o8 Between 3:3o PM ond 5:3o PM 

Send resumes to 

2444 TIMES BLVB., HOUSTON, TX 77oo5 

SANTONE 
Has openings for 

OU AitflCD 
SEWING MACHINE 
OPERATOR TRAINEES 

• large established company. 
• Many benefits. 

Apply in person 

SANTONE INDUSTRIES 

6818 S. Zortomoro 
U ntil •ppoitwntly employer 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
• WAREHOUSEMEN 
Experienced with out bound ond in bound freight, log­ ging and stocking of inventory 
• CABLE HOIST OPERATORS/ 
EQUIPMENT MOVERS 
Operate forklift, commercial license required 
Compony paid benefits 
Salary commensurate negotiable depending on experience 

A p p ly in p e r s o n 3 o E s s e x S t. 

 o r c a ll f o r a p p t . 5 3 2 - 5 2 3 4 
Rhoades Transfer & Storage 

 e q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 

 ll 
CONCRETE 
FINISHERS 

A n d 
CARPENTERS 

N e e d e d 

* M ust Be E xp e rien c e d ] 

F A R R E L L 
CONSTRUCTION CO. 
3 5 2 2 B r o a d w a y 
8 2 8 - 9 1 6 6 

TRUCK 
DRIVER 

M ust be experienced. Bilio goal. Know city well. 

S e e M r . G o n z a le z a t 
BELL FURNITURE 

1 o 3 E. C o m m e r c e 

( N o p h o n e calls) 

Managers 
At McDonald’s we can’t do it without you 

We would like to talk to you about a management training position with 
McDonald's ... the leader in fast-food restaurants. We offer you a thorough training program, management respon­ sibility which comes quickly, a starting salary commensurate with your ability and experience, along with an excellent executive benefits program. For immedi­ ate attention, call (or send resume). 

512/344-97o7 
117oo Blanco Rd. 
San Antonio, Tx. 78216 

We are an equal opportunity employer M F 

This is an excellent opportunity to become associated with a grow ing San Antonio Base 
A ircraft M anufacturing concern. 

TOP WAGES 

ALL COMPANY BENEFITS 

N o w hiring: 

• AIRCRAFT SHEETMETAL MECHANICS 

• AIRCRAFT SHEETMETAL INSPECTORS 
Need 3-5 years experience 
Contact: 
Personnel Department 
JETCRAFTERS NC. 
541 8 Brew ster 
San Antonio, Tx 

 l 
6 5 7 -2 7 o o 

S H O P F O R E M A N 

Metalworking 
Second Shift 

Long hours and hard work. 
Must be well organized and analytical as well as strong and determ ined. 
Should have several years o f supervisory experience involving fabrication or assembly. Excellent pay, fringes and benefits. 

Call 656-o259, after 7 p.m. and weekends 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

X k n m a M M U B a M M n M n H a W a H H H X M H M M H M 11' 

MECHANICAL 
CONSTRUCTION 
Saudi Arabia 
W allace International Ltd., a q iv ix ie n a f S am P. W a lla c e have tingle status openings for: 

• PROJECT MANAGER 
• Alk CONDITIONING SUPERVISORS 
(SH.H rn.tai at ra t'if.fatwa aipauaniai 

• MECHANICAL SYSTEMS TEST ADJUST BALANCE TECHNICIANS 
(Lipartaaiad in an 4 nota’ bolama clart up and (ommiccianmg) 
• INSULATION SUPERVISORS 
• ELECTRICAL SUPERVISORS 
(Residential ar commercial 

C a n d id a t e s e x p e rie n c e m ust include p re v io u s s u ­ p e rv iso ry e x p e rie n c e 
Excellent sa la ry a n d g e n e ro u s b en efits 
C A L L O R S E N O R E S U M E T O : 
Personnel Director 
WALLACE INTERNATIONAL LTD. 
2)o2 Empire Central 
Dallas, TX 75235 
2 1 4 -3 5 7 -4 5 6 1 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

Concrete 
Co. needs sub contractors or hourly wage people. 

• C o n c re te Fin ishe rs 

• Form Se tters 

• Stee l Tiers 

• Backfill C re w s 

C a ll f o r a n a p p o i n t m e n t 
3 4 1 -3 5 3 o 

W R IG H T S A N C H E Z 

F O U N D A T IO N C O . 
•qual opportunity employer 

T A P E A N D F L O A T E R S w ith p a in t e x p e rie n c e , no b u m s or loafers, N E Builders, 349-32o1. . 

, MECHANICS WANTED! 
J 
LINCOLN-MERCURY 
AMC-JEEP i i Comp to the 
Golden 
Gulf 
Coast 
J Raytown s ohio** dealership with com- 
I plettly moderniied and t«pand«d fotili- 
I ties. Incellenf working condition*, plenty of wark fop pay wtth most complete 
I conge of benefits including retirement 
' I plan Send resume to: 
I 
BILL FRAIZER 
I 
S e r v ic e M a n a g e r 
BAYSHORE MOTORS, INC. 
P.O. BOX 418 
I 
Baytown, Tx. 7 7 5 2 o 
5 
- wnc nccKCHU per muiiiri UUU 
_________ J weeks in sum m er 512-226-2691 

SEAMSTRESS 
E xperienced, lodies apparel. E x ­ cellent benefits Apply in person 
M E N G E R S M A R T SHO P, N orth 
Star Moll__________________________ 

Serviceman-Mechanic 
For C onsM ion fciiipment Distributor 
E x p e rie n c e in tro u b le shooting an d r e p a ir of m e c h a n ic a l, h y ­ draulic and DC electrical system s re q u ire d . Good s ala ry ond b en­ e fits 
C oll 512-732-2131 o r send resum e to 
Ciosner [auip. Co., Ine. 
PO Box 7328, Son Antonio, 782o7 

$$ EXTRA CASH $$ 

UP TO $25o PER 
MONTH 

BOYS-GIRLS-ADULTS 

DELIVER EVENING 

NEWS ROUTES 

2 to 3 hrs. Each Evening 

SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

MORNINGS 

BLANCO, LOOP 41o 

NACOGDOCHES 

HILDEBRAND 

For Inform ation Call 

225-741 1, ext. 121 

Before 5:oo p.m. 

Sn Equal Opportunity Imployer 

M M t f O N M N N N M M M M M M M i 

HOTEL 

Is now accepting applications from 
EXPERIENCED PERSONNEL 

For the following 
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

I 
I 
• GARDL MANAGER ANO HEAD PANTRY 

• CASHIER HOSTESS OR HOST - Experienced 

 i f 
• WAITERS AND OR WAITRESSES - Experienced 
I 
' 
I 
• GENERAL MECHANIC - with experience in 

 refrigeration, heat, light ond power. 

I 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
I lf you desire ideal working conditions in a 

 progressive work environment that offers 

 excellent employee benefits, pay, ond 

 career opportunities, apply between the 

 hours of 8 am-5 pm, Monday-Friday at: 

THE ST. ANTHONY HOTEL 

Employment Center 
3 o o E. Travis 
, 
&>: 
( a t N a v a r r o S t. s id e ) 

Equal Opportunity im ployer 

I 
. 
■ 
I 

APARTMENT 

HOUSE 

CARRIERS 

A R E A S : 

• Evers Rd. ond Wurzboth 

W ork 3 .o o A .M . to 

6 OO A M 

S 2 oo TO $ 3 o o per mo 

 or according to route size. 

6 7 3 - 1 4 6 7 

Art (qual Opportunity Employer 

$ $ S T U D E N T S $ $ 

W ork a fte r school and Saturday in a route-building program for 
San 
A ntonio’s fastest growing new spaper. 

 lf you are betw een the ages of 
1 3 -1 7 and willing to w ork hard a few hours each day w e can teach you to earn up to $ 5 o w eekly! 

Interested? Call Pete 

8 2 6 - 6 8 7 8 

An Equal O pportunity Employer 

$2.3o-42 5o S H IP P IN G -R E C . Hove several openings. Rosie 732-2191. 
25o1 W est A ve. Jobs N o rth In c. 
Personnel Consultants. 

$4oo S K IL L E D -U N S K IL L E D , co. tra m s serious w o rke rs $$ Cindv 
732-2191, 2SoI W est A v e . Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

Stnoll m a n u fa c tu re r needs M A - j 
C H IN IS T to o p e ra te a u to m a tic j ond tu rre t! lathes. M ust be able to set up a nd o p e ra te . H & K C o., 
226-8359 or 735-8193. 
T a k in g a p p lic a tio n s fo r pu n c h operators ond m etal finishers in our m etal fabrication facility. E x ­ perience or trainee. Placid M etal 
C r a fts , H w y 9o o n d P M 
725 
Sequin, t-379-4662 

T H E TE X A S A R M Y N A T IO N A L 
G U A R D HAS O P E N IN S FO R : 
COOKS . 
M E C H A N IC S ...C O M M U N IC A T E 
D IR E C T IO N P E R S O N N E L . 
I C L E R K S ...C A N N O N E E R ...T R U O 
I D R IV E R S ...F IN A N C E 
I S P E C IA L IS T S 
* One weekend per monfh and two 

M A N 
W A N T E D fo r a ir conditioning, heating and plum b­ ing for large com plex Own tran­ s p o rta tio n 
684-3861 M on th ru 
Fri., 8 to 5. 
$4oo M gr. T rainee 455o 
Need 2, ail co benefits A + fu tu re 
Ester M oreno 923-436o Jobs South 
Placem ent 
Service 
413 
SW | 
M ilit a r y 
I 

MONTGOMERY WARD 
T R U C K T IR E C E N T E R 
Needs experienced truck tire ser i vicem en. Com pany benefits. Ap- | ply P e rs o n n e l O ffic e 14oo C u r- | rency 
E qual opportunity em ployer____________________ 
Needed Im m ed ia te ly : M E C H A N ­ 
IC for independent gasoline plant. 
Located n e ar P e a rs a ll, T X 
E x ­ perience in W aukesha and White 
S u p e rio r E n g in e . C a ll R u s s e ll 
Wells, (512)334-4518 

NEEDED 
IMMEDIATELY! 

FURNITURE TOUCH-UP MAN 

 and 

FURNITURE RfPAIRMAN 

♦ M ust be experienced 
A pply in Person 

LACKS FURNITURE 

WAREHOUSE 

9 4 3 C o lis e u m R d . 

P lu m b ers fo r fix tu re w ork ond topout. 826 oo47. Nights 625-8161 

Excellent Opportunity For: 
HLAD SEWING MACHINE MECHANIC 

Must be experienced ond hove thorough knowledge oi chon) stitch and lock stitch machinery including single needle sew sergers, button holes 
SEWING SUPERVISORS 

Must hove thorough knowledge of garment break-down, operator instruction and work (low Must be able to motivate people 

The successful applicant will become on intricot part of a progressive sportswear manufacture Salary commensurate with ability All applications 

 will be confidential Call or write 
CMT CORP. 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 
2 2 6 - 5 5 2 6 

N E E D N O W ' W eld ers g rin d e rs top SSS Good co benefits Rosie 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve 
Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultants. 

Presser Silk Finisher 
M ust be experienced 
E A R LS C L E A N E R S 
342-8o51 
P res sm a n e x p e rie n c e d on 125o with T Head 6oo W E ve rg ree n 

Need P lu m b ing R e p a irm a n and 
Carpenter, P a rt Tim e. 432-So5o. 
'N e ed truck drive rs and m echan­ ics tor diesel trucks. Call 492-21o1 for appt 
____ 

P R E S S M A N W A N T E D 
Letterpress, Com positer, able to run kluge. 
P R O G R E S S IV E 
P R IN T IN G 
735-8563 
735-5561 

P A IN T E R H E L P E R 
M U ST BE E X P E R IE N C E D 
CAR C R A F T 
8o5 N A LA M O 

Press O perator w anted. Full tim e. 
Come grow with us! ABD ick and itek experience, including color work. 
T H E P R IN T E R S , IN C . 
349-2424 

Im m ediate Opening For 
P R O D U C T IO N W E L D E R 
E x p . in A rc a n d M ig w e ld in g . 
B lackw ell 
B urner 
4418 
W 
C om m erce ______ ________________ 
I m m e d ia te o p e n in g to r 
C O U N T E R 
C L E R K 
A N O 
D E L I V E R Y M A N in g ro w in g re n ta l stores 
R E N T R IT E CO 
2614 Moss Rock 
341-6224 

IN D U S T R IA L M A IN T E N A N C E 
M E C H A N IC needed. M u s t hove e x c e lle n t k n o w le d g e a nd e x p e r­ ien c e in g e n e ra l b u ild in g m a in - lenance, a i r conditioning, heating, v e n tila tio n , a n d h u m id ity s y s ­ te m s . 
A ls o e le c t r i c a l a n d 
.pneum atic controls. S upervisory experience help ful. P ersonal and e x p e rie n c e re fe re n c e s re q u ire d 
■end w ill be contacted. E xc e lle n t b e n e f i t p a c k a g e . G e n e r a lly 4o h o u r w eek. W r it e P ers o n n e l OI t i c e - A m e r ic n S ta te s m a n N e w s o a p e r, 3o8 G u a d a l u p e , A u s tin , 
Texas. An E q u al O pportunity Op jportunlty E m p lo ye r 

1 

Journeym an e le c tric ia n w anted, sober person capable of passing 
; local lourneym an's test. P e rm a n ­ ent position, lf Qualified, confact 
512-758 3984 
KSAT TV w ill occept applications j fo r th e p o s itio n o f T V n e w s 
I cam era person until 5-23-77. Must be skilled in film and E N G , on I y e a r e x p e rie n c e 
E q u a l O ppor- tumty E m oployer M F . 

445o LO A D E R S H E L P E R S Inexp to exp 
N e e d 6 b o rd w o rk e rs 
C indy 732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants 

PRESS CPR S3fiP 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 Job 
E xperts Inc. Placem ent S ervice 

42 75 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
M A N k n o w -h o w o f c a r p e n tr y . W o rk now . R ose 732-2191, 25o1 W est 
Ave, Jobs N o rm Inc. Personnel 
Consultants. 

I N S T R U M E N T 
C H A IN M E N . 
Coli 
Mauston 

M E N 
A N D 
(713)721-3577, 

CXPRtSS ANO NEWS 

 mamiwiiam tossup 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-271! Job 
E xperts Inc. P lacem ent S ervice 
$7oo SHOO M A JO R A P P L IA N C E S r e p a ir o r in s ta lla tio n 
F e e PO 
Local o r relocate S arah 732-2191, 
25o! W est Ave 
Jobs N o rth Inc 
Personnel Consultants itn v rr r / f i t n r ' N t m ---------- 
CAU 225 >666 

You’ll be amazed at the things you can sell with a Want Ad! 

Calf 225-1666 

PROFESSIONAL MECHANIC 
Must be top rote, for used car lot. 
G ood p a y . p le n ty w o r k , good working conditions. 
A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
T R A O E W IN D S A UTO SALES 
3oo3 S.W. M IL IT A R Y DR. 
R E C E P T IO N IS T to r b e a u ty salon, p refer ex-beautician. M a r ­ shall's H air Fashions 342-9496 
R O O FIN G S U P E R IN T E N D E N T 
S a la ry , c o m m is s io n , a n d c o r. 
Paid vacations, college p re fe rre d , bilingual, must be experienced, SO year old com pany 828-2883. 
46oo R O U TE D R IV E R S 49oo Nat l co need 3 today. S arah 732-2191, 
25o1 W est Ave. Jobs N o rth Inc. 
Personnel Consultants.___________ 
$6oo Route Drivers $15oo 
N a tl. Co. tr a in s ! Up e a r ly off e a r ly 
N e ed 5. John H a m p to n 
923-436o Jobs South P la c e m e n t 
Service 413 SW M ilita ry ___________ 
SHS Route Trainees SISO 
N atl 
Co prom otes + gives fast ra is e s. John H a m p to n 923-436o 
Jobs South P lacem ent S ervice 413 
SW M ilita ry ______________________ 

SALESMAN 
For Used Car Lot. M ust have ex­ p e r ie n c e 
G ood C o m m is s io n , 
Clean Cars, we Finance 
T R A D E W IN D S A U T O SALES 
3oo3 S.W. M IL IT A R Y DR 

S ch o o l B us d r iv e r s n e e d e d , 
Northside ISD 435 Hunt Lone, we train, re tire m e n t and sick leave benefit. Coll 673-3776 8am -«pm . 

TRUCK DRIVER 
Dependable, over 25 years of age, a f lea s t 2 y e a rs e x p e rie n c e on tra c to r tr a ile r . Coll F lo re s v ille . 
1-393-6745 tor inform ation. Lo c at­ ed betw een F lo res v ille and San 
Antonio no night coils please 
W anted good experienced blade m a n , a p a y $525 an h o u r a n d overtim e, experience in P HA and 
VA in sp ec tio n s , also w illin g to w ork in N orth w e s t Son Antonio. 
Call between 3-7pm 658-4135 
W anted good e xp e rien c e T ru c k 
D r iv e r 
(d u m p t r u c k ) 
C a ll between 3-7pm 658-4135. 

COUNTER HELP 
M ust be a ttractive and have neat appearance 
Apply in person 
Wfiopperburger 
2922 
West 
1o:3oam—2pm 
Ave. 

DIET COOK 
A pply 1o-12 H illeide M a n o r 831o 
G ault Lone. 828-o6o6 (non-sm oker olease) 

 o n cook 

E x p . B a rte n d re s s for C o c k ta il 
Lounge, 675-1876, 684 3112 

EKP. COOKS 

$2.75 Warehouse D riv ers $3hr 
Com m . lie. Know city, good work c rew . J u lie N e a l 923-4369 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry ____________ _______________ 

445o-555 W A R E H O U S E exp o r tra in ee -to p p a y - fbenefits S arah 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A v e . Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
2 -W A Y R A D IO T E C H N IC IA N w anted fo r W ic h ita F a lls a re a 
T op w ages bv old e s ta b lis h e d com pany (817)723-7155. 
2x5 C E M E N T F IN IS H E R S 
Young adults w anted, w illing to be tra in e d to in stall s p rin k le r sys­ tem s and w ork w ith lan d sc ap e com pany Apply in person, M on day 8am , 1o631 Nacogdoches Rd 

616 FOQD-ORINK SERVICES 

Needed im m ediately, evening and 
Sunday shift. A pply A ir F o rc e 
V illa g e 49)7 R a ve n s w o o d , P e r ­ sonnel Dept. 
E xp erien ced B a rte n d e r w anted, 
The Stockm an Restaurant, apply in person, 
4-6 pm . 
4o9 
E. 
Com m erce. 

O F F S H O R E 
D e p e n d a b le w e lt g ro o m e d s te w a r d s , b a k e r s a n d g a lle y hands. Top earnings for Qualified 
| p e rso n n e l plus a d d itio n a l ben- 
: efits. Rapid prom otion for proven 
[ ability. Must have own transpor- 
| tation and telephone. Some jobs 
| a v a ila b le fo r in d iv id u a ls w ith i passport and seo.nan's p apers. 
Also jobs a v a ila b le on the E as t and West Coast and Alaska. Per- 
| s o n a l in te r v ie w a t 
A R A 
S E R V IC E S . Junction of LA Hw y 
24 and 316, G ary . Louisiana 7o359. 
J (5o4) 876-o881 or 1-8oo-535-5948. An 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

W o rk in th e h is to r ic to w n of j Gruene on the G uadalupe R iver. 
! E xperienced bar and kitchen help needed. Call 1-625-9o13 or 625-o684 i 
I or apply in person at G ruene H all in New Braunfels atte r 12 noon j W ed-Thurs. 
Young aggressive com pany with unique advancem ent opportunity has im m ediate opening available for R E S T A U R A N T M A N A G E R , to handle two sm all units in the 
H ill C ountry. M ust be w illing to re lo c a te . S a la ry plus bonuses. 
Please call for appointm ent, 
(512)257-3343. 

WANNA DANCE? 
A new dante studio openinq next week is now laking applications 
(rom attractive well groomed men and women for 
/ t 
• Receptionist 
• Instructors 
• Supervisors 
• Interviewers 
• Manager Trainees 
Get in on the ground floor in a new concept of on already expending glamour Industry 
Experience or well train, full or port time 
Unlimited earnings and ad vancement potential. 
A pply in person only b etw e en 
I pm and 6 :3o pm 
3238 NW Loop 41o 
Between Wonderland and 
Vance Jackson 
Next door to Zoo lounge 

UNSKILLED 

TEMPORARY 

WORKERS NEEDED 

Men and women for temporary industrial jobs. W ork a day, a week or longer *—. 
8ox car unloading, factory work, freight handling, general labor. Must have car and telephone. 

Apply in person 

Vom-3pm 

PEAKLOAD, INC. 

51o N. Main 

NO EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY 
ON THE JOB TRAINING 
SEVERAL OPENINGS lf you ho vt* been refused employ ment because you were too young or hcked experience ond have set tied for work that doe* not pay well 
Consider this fine lob op portunity. lf you are ambitious and would like to get ahead, we will tram you. You con earn 
$1 44 PER WEEK 

Based on your productivity, commis. 
Work where neither youth or age is a disadvantage. No strikes or lay-offs. 
Plenty of work. One year of college preferred- Coll between 9 am and 2 pm. 

S e a r s 
Tire Installers 

Full time and part time 

Need both full time 5-doy 4o-hour week, ond part time 

 tire installers for 
Centro! 
Pork storp automotive 

 department. Apply: personnel office. 

An Eq u a l O p p o r t u n i t y E m p l o y e r M Z F 
Sears Central Park Store 

Convenience Store M anagem ent 
Choice o f career plans and locations 
Shift arrangem ent or contract for salary and commission 
★ PAID VA C ATIO N 
★ FREE INSURANCE 
A BONUS PLAN 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3 o o W . Jones A ve. 
Interviews 1-4 p.m. w eekdays 

225- 
225- 
2531 
5 o 9 6 

E X P E R IE N C E D W A IT R E S S E S , apply in person at Billy R ‘S, 918 N, 
M ain, see M r. G arcia. 
E X P E R Ifi NCL D SHORT ORDE H 
COOK. O FF SAT-SUN. 223-7489 

618 PART TIME 

A top profession • be a masseuse we train - big pay good locution - over 2o. Coll 657-3724 

Fast Short O rd er Cook, relief shift and afternoon shift open, apply in I person to M r. Regan, Billy R's No. 
197 b e tw e e n IO a m ond 2 p m , 
Jones M oltsberger Rd. and Loop 
41o 
______ 
Lackland D riv e-In Theatre needs snack bar help, only experienced apply atter 7pm, 717o Som erset 
Rd 

Applications Being Accepted 
F U L L AN O P A R T T IM E 
H E L P W A N T E D 
Apply beteen 8 :3 o -llo m or 2-5pm 
B IL L M IL L E R BAR BO IJS S. 
WW White Rd 
A S S IS TA N T M A N A G E R 
OR T R A IN E E 
H ard w ork, long hours, m ediocre s alary, excellent benefits and a d ­ v a n c e m e n t o p p o rtu n ity fo r the right individual. Apply rn person only SAM BO s on Babcock 

M a n a g e rs , m a n a g e r tr a in e e s , fro n t end and kitchen help, full tim e day or night shift, must have d a iry queen exp. Apply in person 
S ix-8 s D a iry Queen 5631 E vers 
R d ________________________________ 

MANAGER TRAINEES 
S A L A R Y $625 

Pan-Time but Permanent 
We have 16 perm anent oart-tim e jo b s o v o ito b le — P e r f e c t fo r housew ives or college students looking tor e x tra cash. All you need is a good w orking knowledge of s im p le m oth and be ab le to w o rk e v e n in g s a nd w ee k en d s . 
C a ree r positions a v a ila b le a fte r troinm g. Apply in person 1oAM to 
3 P M on M ond ay, M ay 23rd and 
W ednesday, M ov 25th 
W ashington Inventory Service 
8o26 V antage Suite 1oIB 
IH-1o and C allaghan Rd 
349-5137 

COUPLE NEEDED 
AS HOUSE 
PARENTS 

For a group Foster home! 

 for boys. Centrally located 

 in Son Antonio, Tx. Good] 

 salary and benefits. 

Presbyterian 

Childrens Home & 

Service Agency 

NEED IMMEDIATELY 
TELEPHONE SOLICITORS 

No Experience necessary, will train. 

Goad starting salary plus bonuses 

3 4 1 - 6 2 1 4 

E A R N E X T R A C A S H 
IN SPARE TIME 

M O R N IN G EXPRESS ROUTES 
SOME OF THE BEST ROUTES IN T O W N 
• OLMOS PARK — 826-6o28 
• W O O DLAW N LAKE— 927-2826 
• LOS ANGELES HTS. — 735-4547 

IF NO ANSWER CALL 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , EXT. 122 
An Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R , e xp e r- lienee p referred , apply in person, 
Billy R'S restaurant, 918 N. M ain, see M r. G orclo. 
A ttra c tiv e e x p e rie n c e d B a rte n ­ dress and W aitresses. Plays pool, 
S IH S. Presa. 
B A R T E N D E R E S S . W ill T r a in 
Apply in person, Restaurant-B or. 
2121 N 
St. M a ry s, 223-o4o7 Ask for Glodys.________________________ 

BARTENDER 
P arttim e, evenings only 
T E E P E E S TEA K HO USE 
________ 822-o171, 826-9171. 
B assett’s Fine Food 1451 Austin 
Hwy, needs o w aitress 822-o632 
C O C K T A IL W A ITR E S S wonted in 
Northwest a rea . 341-9831. 

MANAGERS 
S A L A R Y $625 
P LU S C O M M IS S IO N 

Need qualificed people age 23 or over for m a n ag e m en t positions. 
Call for interview Wed. or Thurs. 
I 3pm only 

Hamby Dairy Queens 

________ 341-3116_________ 
M orning W aitresses needed for IO om-6 om shift, J p m IO pm. 5 days p e r w e e k , a p p ly in p e rs o n between IO am ond 2 pm , ask for 
M r Reagan at Billy R ’s No. 197, 
, c o rn er of Jone M o lts b e rg e r Rd. and Loop 41o._____________________ 
O ne M a tu r e L a d y fo r S a la d 
P reparation, Etc. W orking hours from 12 noon-6 pm 
Also need a 
D is h w a s h e r ; a n d a 
Cook 

ALERT-RESPONIBLE individual for p riva te police dis­ patch 
An e x c itin g o p p o rtu n ity with the recognized leader in the in d u s try . A ll s h ifts a v a ila b le 
Especially suited tor the m ature w om an Call 736-4636 for appt. 

COOK needed fo r c a fe te ria , ex- , ------------------------- 
- 
- - - - - - perienced only, coll for appoint- 
H e lp e r, apply in person at O ily m ent, 
223 )8o1, ext. 
477, 
Elite 
Often s New Swiss Chalet of IOU 
S p e n r g t t i . _________ 
N E Loop 41o. 
Short O rd e r Cook, neat a p p ea r- once, good Poy, 227-7644. 

A P A R T M E N T M A N A G E R A N D 
A S S IS TA N T M A N A G E R S N E E D ­ 
E D . E x p e r ie n c e d o n ly . G ood solarv. olus opt. 
A P A R T M E N T JOBS O F S A 
828-9196 
E m ploym ent Consultants 

Beeline 
226-23o3 

$2.3o Beginers $3hr 
Start on your future today! any fie ld s . Ik e K e lly 923-4366 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry , 

SUMMER WORK 
COLLEGE STUDENTS 
AND 
ALL OTHER HIGH 
SCHOOL GRADS 
Interview s are now being arranged for summer jobs, 
W ork until Septem ber w ith a large in ternatio nal com ­ pany. W ork in local area or travel as you desire in your state or neighboring state. 
Age no barrier if over 18. Career positions also available. 
Call 
2 2 5 -5 o 9 6 
225-2531 

“ IM M E D IA T E ” 
SALES-SERVICE 

Are willing to work 6 days including Sat. & Eves. 

Not afraid to get their hands dirty. 

Hove high school education. 

Need to earn a minimum of $6oo to $8oo pet month. 

Desire the opportunity to advance into management. 

Qualified Candidates apply at once to 

5o1 o W est Avenue 

DIVISION OF ROLLINS CORP. NYS! 

$12o Drivers $2oowk long haul o r lo c a l! C o m m . lie. 
Need 6 Now! Dove Crisp 923-4367 
Jobs South P lacem ent Service 413 
SW M ilita ry 

Cooks h e lp e r fo r p r iv a te g irls cornu 
M a y 3ofh- A u g u s t 15th 
Bandera, Tx 512-796 33o2 

 fO * THI I A S TI Sr m u t t s 
O N A WANT AD 
TMI NUMBIR TO CAU 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 f XPRISS ANO NI W 4 

S O U L K IT C H E N n eed s C ook. 
W aitress ond B artender 432-9786 

W aiters wonted, good tips Apply in person SOS N Presa Poco Loco 
Dei Rio____________________________ 
W aitress Sheraton Coffee Shop. 
MOO Austin Hw y, apply in person 

CAU 225 1666 

C A S H IE R H E L P , $2 3o per hour, 
2o-4o hours per week (evenings ond w eekends), Stop N Go, 7o4 E. 
Rhapsody P i._____________________ 

COMPANY EXPANDING 
P o rt tim e lobs 
SVS a week 
Full Tim e S um m er 
Positions A vailable 
$19o per week 
For inform ation call 

COUPLES NEEDED 
C H IL D CARE 
Good hours, apt., utilities, m eals, life a nd m e d ic a l in s u ra n c e + salary for each. For a satisfying job, call M rs. E lkins at Bovsville 
653-8282. 
Equal opportunity em ployer__________________________ 

DELIVERY 
Must hay own car, neat a p p e a r­ ance, salary plus gas 
Call 
734-2346. 
D E L IV E R Y 
P a r t lim e 
M u s t hove own late model V an S olarv. 
Coll M r C araw ay, 828-6244. 

341-22o5 

DRIVE CARS 
18 up! No recent tickets! G loria 
824-o227 Job P lacem ents Em oioy- m ent Service 5316 Son Pedro 

IN IM I IX P R IS S N tW S 
C A U 225 -1 66 6 

FASHION THO TWENTY 
C o s m e tic s -p a rttim e a v a ila b le . 
I M ature w om an only. Coll 344-189). 
F U R N IT U R E D R IV E R 
Build your future w itn our young and grow ing com pany. M ust be 
I e x p e rie n c e d ond fa m ilia r w ith j Son Antonio A re a. All Com oony 
.b e n e fits . $3 m in im u m p e r h r 
, F u rn itu re C o rp o ra tio n of A m e r­ ica. 4742 Dodge St 656-6o55 E qual 
! Opportunity E m plo yer____________ 

G e n e ra l m a in te n a n c e m on for downtown building. Good salary. 
I By a ppt. only 225-5877. W e pay m ileage tor huck 
_____________ 

HOOG OPPORTUNITY 
Retoil liquor chain needs full tim e sules clerk for northside stores. 
Age ever 35 p re fe rre d . Retail ex­ perience of some kind p referred , not n e c e s s a rily liq u o r s . P o ly ­ g ra p h e xa m re q u ire d . A ll co m ­ p ony b e n e tits . A p p ly Don s & 
Ben s O ffice 6oo3 W est A ve. af 
Loop 41o___________________________ 

IXPRISS ANO New s 

H A N D IC A P P E D persons only • if 
I you a re p h ysically handicapped and sin c e re about w o rkin g , an ooportunity aw aits you. Openings j in billing and soles. Ideal benefits and q u ic k a d v a n c e m e n t. C o lt 
657-446o a fte r 5pm 
____________ 

Help needed for outside collection work. Top com m issions. 434 5557. 

HELP WANTED 
Fem ales Welcome to work in w ire factory Must be over 5'5” in heig ht and in good 
Physical condition apply in person 9am -3pm 
INGRAM MFG. CO 
S4o C U L E B R A equal opportunity em ployer 

IN T E R N A T IO N A L ESCORT AN D 
TO UR A G E N C Y is o il ond ru n ­ ning. We have the clients, B UT we i still need a ttra ctiv e ladies tor es­ corts. H igh pay, excellent w ork- 
I mg conditions. 
Call 
Rennye 
349-486) 
_______________________ 

I Looking tor neat, hard w orking 
: person to a p p ly hau id fe rtiliz e r and drive ? ton truck Most hove driver s license. Coll 226-2387 for 
1 interview 

P l AC f TOUR W A N I AO 
IN TMI f X PRI SS N tW S 
CAU 7 25 -1 66 6 

EXPRESS-NEWt BON I MPS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS J 

B t l 

• • 

A l i n e s 
$ i 
J 
F 

I O days r n 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATf CHANG! 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

62o m Wanted 

M iscsila n e o y s 

DISTRICT 
SALES 
MANAGER 

M u s t h a v e reliable tr a n s p o r ta tio n with liability insura nce. 

E a r l y m o rn in g hours a n d a ft e r n o o n hours a v a ila b le . 
Apply in person 
9 to l l o.m. or 2 to 4 p m, 
Personnel Office 
Express/News 
Corp. 

 an equal eppeftumty employer 

62o HELP WANTEO 
MISCELLANEOUS 

S a n Antonio EXPRfcbh-N E W S — Sunday M ay 22 I 9 77 

W ant H u sky Local Part or F u ll­ time College Student truck driver 
Com m ercial license, Ne Smoking, 
Good Pay. F IS H E R S 145o N E 
Loop 41o 

A U T O M O T I V E 
I I w * I M g t - f l B W M j r e W fOKEIGNSPORTSCARS 
• fDKiaHHHHBUil -?^ ?26 
7o???6 HBjiGWSPoRISE4RS 
HUOT.! 

781 AWTtqUES COllECTORS 
7o1 WIQ»ES COLLECTORS 

S2 4o W arehouse Helpers $3 75hr o e rm a n e n t, co. tra m s ,! P o y check wkly. Joyce Best 923-43o8 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 413 
SW M ilitary 
W A R E H O U S E M A N 
M ust hove good penm anship and e x p e rie n c e d in a ll a tla se s of warehouse work. Perm anent job, frinfle benefits. Call 341 716! for apt. 

S5oo WILL TRAIN 
Clean cut KS. grads! Medical field! Need several! Coil 
S P E A R S Personnel Service tor Jockson-Keller 
828 1292 

WOOL PRESSER 
E x p e r ie n c e d , good p a y a n d w orkin g conditions, 36 hr w ks, 
Boid va ca tio n 
Pow ell Q u a lity 
Cleaners 733-8583 
Y A R D m aintenance and pointing for sm all apt com plex, apply in person. The Terrace House, 8o1 
Gentleman Rd. 
Y A R D M A N a n d G E N E R A L 
M A IN T E N A N C E , (a p t.) M u s t have own tra n sp o rta tio n Call 
494-5521 between to and U A M . 

YARD MAN 
E x p e rie n c e d m an for ge n e ra l g r o u n d s m a in te n a n c e , 4o hr. week. A pply at office, Warren 
House Apts. 3222 NW Loop 41o. 
1oA M to 7PM. 

$13oo PER M O N T H 
M A N A G E R 

N o selling, must be able to handle people 
C o m p a n y will train, no experience necessary 

C a ll M o n . o r T u e s. 

7 3 5 - 6 1 5 3 
For Mr. Martin 

Y oung m an needed for w ork in custom ce ra m ic studio, P re fe r som eone with art training. Coll 
M r Mood anytim e 822 9435 

T ry the exciting field of private police dispatcher. If s where the action is. Mature, alert, responsi­ ble. All shifts. Call 736-4636 for appt. 

622 -DOMESTIC 

B A B Y S IT T E R -H O U S E K E E P E R 
Zarzam ora and Hutchins 5 days, 
3 ch ild ren . S u m m e r only. Call 
Jim, 922-544o after 5PM. 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
* 
MAID AND ¥ 
* 
LAUNDRY 
¥ 
* 
SERVICE 
¥ 
* 
V a ry in g shift 
¥ 
¥ 
Call fo r A p p o in tm e n t ¥ 
¥ 
653-911o 
¥ 

Child care and light housekeeping rn home for w orking mother, chil­ d re n a g e s 
4 a n d 
IO. h rs 
7:3oam-6pm, 5 days, northeast off 
P e rrin Beifel, tra n sp . needed, salary negotiable. References ex* changed 653-2476 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

Dependable, m ature w om an to hve-in, babyeitting. light house- i keeping, 2 children, NW area. Call 
I 696-7991. 
________________ 

HOUSEKEEPER COOK 
| M u st live in, speak English, be 
; able to cook and do housework. A 
! perm anent and pleasant oppor- 
, tunity for lady who wants to live 
| on place. Laurel Hgts, I blk from 
I S o n P e d ro b u s. R e fe re n c e s 
I required. 
For interviwew call 
! 226-o371 

L O O K IN G FO R 
P A R T T IM E 
Beeline in-hom e fashions show s are fun and profitable too all you need is 4 hours, 4 days or even­ in gs a week for 8 show s. Free w ard rob e + profit. C ar n e ce s­ sary, 21 +. Call 226 23o3 for more info. 
Maintenance m an apply in person or call 661 666o 
M a in t e n a n c e m o n w ith la rg e apartm ent com plex. P lum bing, electrical and heating experience e s se n tia l. 
L o c a l re fe re n c e s featured 
Apt turn. Apply r n 
Vanderheck 
M a k e e x t ra m o n e y th ro w in g evening new s routes M ik e Hall 
534 Callaghan 
____ 

M A N A G E R needed to operate a business for J weeks on a 24 hour b a sis. G o o d p ay, cli 222-8879 between 1-5PM M on-Fri. 
M O B IL E H O M E D R IV E R A N D 
S E R V I C E 
M A N . A P P L Y IN 
P E R S O N 
M I S S I O N M O B I L E 
H O M ES, 13o6 A U S T IN HW Y. 
S7oo need d riv e r with van for delivery work. 349-4879 
Needed at once lad ies lo w ork from nom e, e xce lle n t e a rn in g oopty. L o n e r Comestic 341-9272 

NEEDED 

I M M E D I A T E L Y 
8 Sharp, attra ctive M a ss e u se s with e xp e rien ce for p lu sh new lo ca tio n o p e n in g v e ry soon 
349-58o1 - S U am, 6-1o pm only. 

L IV E -IN C O M P A N IO N for older 
L ad y, light h o u se k e e p in g and cooking. P refer 5o yrs. of age, private room and bath. Salary. 
826-4518. 
Live In Housekeeper and cook for 
Executive Dallas couple. Private quarters. Above average sala ry plus benefits. Se n d re su m e to 
Janice Hinds, P.O. Box 6247, D a l­ las, Tx. 75222 or phone M rs. Hinds atter 6pm at (214)296-2174 collect. 
Live-in housekeeper needed for active executive fam ily in G a l­ veston. Som e cooking, need m a­ ture m inded p erson capable of m a n a g in g the home and super­ vising the activities of 9 year old son. Private room with bath plus salary. Perm anent position refer­ ences exchanged Personnel in­ terview in San Antonio very soon. 
For more details and or interview appointment contact: 
Paula at 
713-763-8528. 
L iv e in h o u se ke e p e r tor older lady m ust have references. Call 
733-1o21 days, 342-5797 eves. 
Live -in h o u se k e e p e r tor lad y, private room, bath. 
69o-o754 
I i o m - 7 p m _____________________ 
Live-in maid, mature, lo do liqht housekeeping and care for 2 chil­ dren. Call atter 3PM . 927-7789. 
M a tu re H ousekeeper to line-in, care for elderly man. 695-3297 
M ature live-in housekeeper, must speak English, room, board, and salary, 5 days per week. 494-5382 afer 5pm or 349-2646 9 to 4 

Need w a re h o u se help M o n d a y n ig h t s 349-4879 ______________________ 

BIGHT PEOPLE 
Exciting opportunity, electronic surveillance. M ature, re sp o n si­ ble, alert. Call 736-4636 for aoDt. 

O L A N M IL L S 
We are expanding and need m a­ ture, (uh time employees of our 3 
San Antonio locations. Excellent pay and benefits No experience n e c e s s a r y , p e rfe c t for housewives and college students 
F o r appt, o n ly c a ll betw een 
9om -l2, Sou th 924-32oo, N orth 
828-3433. Northwest 349-8o67 

Registered Hom e will provide hot lunches for ch ild ren 2-7 years. 
Sum m er care tor older children 
8-12 525 per wk 658-o694 
___ __ 
R e sp o n sib le p e rso n needed lo live in. 433 9456 after 6pm. M r s 
C oria, anytime Sat.-Sun 
Room and board, sm all salary, j adults. 344-o6o3________________ __ 
W anted housekeep er for vounq 
■ lamilv, live-in, pay reasonable. 
828 3738. 
_______________ _ 
624 - SITUATIONS WANTED 

Am presently looking for a job in the H ospital. W a s p rio r N o w 
C om bat M e d ica l Veteran, with exp in ru n n in g E K G , d ra w in g blood, and h a ve m y E M T c e r­ tification 341-16o1 
____________ 

PART TIME HELP 
> hrs-wk. Flexible hrs-52.3o per 
Express-N ew s Box 4415, 78297 

PATROLMEN 
Apply rn pereon 4414 Centerview 
Suite 16o between Ioom-4pm 

B o b vsittin g in m y hom e w eek­ days N.E. area. Call 655-199o. 
Babysitting in m y home. R e g is­ tered and experienced, N a c o g ­ doches Rd vicinity. 657-1719 
Clerk lypist wonts work beginning 
July I. Experience- two years as copy typist ond dictaphone col­ lege course (6o-65W PM) 822-1134 

Persons needed to train for part time w ork as L A D Y P A C K E R S tor local m oving and storage firm. 
R e tire m e n ts are: must have car and telephone. Appply in person 
I lpm weekdays 
Towne Services 8923 Aero Lane 
Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

College Senior available for ail photographic needs W eddings, learn pictures, etc. Experienced. 
532-3956 
Colored lady wonts day work or steady job. Full time- $2.3o hr., parttime $2.5o hr. 225-oo98 

P H O N E C O L L E C T O R 
Inside Salary plus. Top ofc. 
Call Rick828-6494 
N E W D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
R e fe re n c e s . E x p e r ie n c e d in 
Apartm ent Operation and M a in ­ tenance 
R e p ly : E x p r e s s Box 
7951. PO Box 2171. S.A. Tx. 78297 

Dec. D e n ia l Stu d e n ts se e kin g y ard w ork, N W -N E S A. H ove 
Equip 
Relioble-Exp. 69o-1o64 or 
696-4873 
_________________ 
Exxperienced nurse aide would like day shit! with elderly, in home or hospital. Life housekeeping no hve-in. References and transpor­ tation. 225-o614 
_ _ _ _ _ 

Retired Or Semi-Retired 
Mature couple as Assistant M a n ­ ager of sm all first class San A n­ tonio motel, furnished apartment, full motel m anagem ent could fol­ low E x p e rie n ce not n e ce sso ry but helpful. Write the E xp re ss ond 
New s Box No. 4371 sending all 
(luolificotions ond references. 

ROUTE DRIVER to s e rv ic e flow er stands, s 12o g u a ra n te e d or c o m m issio n . 4 days. Can 699-6822.___________ ___ 

Fam ilv mon, 26 would like to do upholstery w ork or any arts or croft work. I have complete tools. 
922-7221 
H ave exp. apt. o p e ra tio n and maintenance. Having full charge of buildings, plumbing, elect, and oaintmg + carpentry work. Also keeping pool. This m aintenance work I perform ed myself, in most cases. W ill be able to fu rn ish references. 524 E. Dewey Apt. E. 
Middle aged ret. A F male seeking full or parttim e adm in. asst, or a ccounting 96 SH in school, of business. 735-3716 

SALES CASHIER 
Have m ony openings in different deportments! Need today! Gloria 
824-o227 Job Placem ents Em ploy- ment Service 5316 Son Pedro__ 
S e c u rity G u a r d n e e d e d for 
Painters 
M ill 
Apartments. 
349-2223. 
___________________ _ _ _ 
S E C U R IT Y G U A R D (non-smoker please) apply 1o-12 Hillside Man- or 831o Gault Lane 828-o686______ 
Shakier Natural Vitamins, spare time sales business. 684 456o t,ooo's of Jobs- IOO s of choices 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222-8812 or 653-o892 
S T A R T N O W - local Am way dis~ tributor o ffe rs o p p o rtu n ity for qood e a r n in g s . Y o u p ick the hours, we train, For interview call 

Need job, type, file, telephone sw itch b o a rd , d ep endable, full time permanent, exp. or any day­ time job. 922-3555_______________ 
N u rse - P riv a te duty, care for i elder, ret, car. Ask for M rs. Deco. 
| Call 337-791o. 
Registered Childcare in m y home 
Near M cCreless Shopping City. 
' 533-5455.____________________ 
Reliable W oman wants Day work, housecleaning. 
Call 
227-6o54, 
227-3844.__________________ 

 r etire d p r o f e s s io n a l M e te o r- ologist, 3o+ years. South Texas area, d e sire s position in So la r 
Energy Field, 341-56S5, evenings. 
Se cre tarial w ork, downtown, S days. 21 yrs experienced. 533-8o36 
T h re e d e g re e s, p h y c h o lo g is t 
(M A., B S.) and journalist (B S ). 
Male, 24. Looking for opportunity in writing, photography, acting, teaching, re se a rc h or related field. 826 8246 
__________ 

STU D EN TS 

W A N T TO C L E A N V A C A N T 
A P A R T M E N T O R B U IL D IN G . 
P L E A S E C A L L 667-1635. 
__ ti to sell flowers, ii .75 an hr m m ission. Call 699-o281 or 
229-6822. 
__________ 

STUDENTS rompanv now has 3 openings jit time employm ent for col- students. Experience it not red. Call 653-7451 for appt. 

S U M M E R W O R K 
SISO PER WEEK 
CAU 341-22o5 

Would like work in beauty shop or beauty supply house. Parttim e or fulltime. 333-3845 __________ 

7o1 - ANTIQUES GQLLECTOKS 

•SP C A D IL L A C Fleetw ood; '62 
L IN C O L N 4-door. Both excellent mechanically. 
5411 SA N P E D R O 
734-6613 
'63 Cadillac Lim ou sin o Fun e ral 
Home car. $285o. take trade, no reasonable otter refused. 658-1235 eves; no answer, try ogoin. 
1933 C H E V Y , 4-door, com plete runs good, original $25oo. 342-51oo 
1959 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O , auto, excellent condition. A Real C la s­ sic! $75o. call 674-5284 

SUMMER WORK 
$52o 
- System s needs 16 trainees . t work im mediately due to : sion. xperience Necessary 
I Advancem ent r interview 656-533o________ 

1957 d H E V Y . New iso hi-perfor monte engine. With chrome. Call; 
Robert, 8 a.rn.-6 p.m., 227-8953; j ofter 6 p.m.: 337-3926. 
C lassic 57 C hevy wagon, good condition. 
$8oo firm. 
Seguin. 
1 - 3 7 9 - 5 2 6 o . _________________ 
195o Desoto. O riginal, runs por­ ted! 51ooo. After 6 924-8645 

T E X A S A R M Y G U A R D H a s part-time opening: M ulti-channel; 
Operators; Telephone Installers,) 
T e le p h o n e R e p a ir m a n ; o o k s, j 
M echanics; Sw itchboard Opera-; tors 
Will train with pay 
512-226-2o1o. 
___________________ 

$ 2 9 9 5 
OO 

FIRM 

1927 MODEL “T” 
FORD TOURING-RESTORED 
Don't want to sell, but need the space. 
516 El Portal 
494-3156 

R O D E A S T V O L K S W 
A G E N 
© 

NO BETTER CAR . NO BETTER PLACE TO BUY 
14o2 NE LOOP 41o ifXtT At NACOGDOCHES RD 
828-12o1 

A U C T I O N 
SAT. - M A Y 28 - 1o:oo A .M . 
SUN . - M A Y 29 - 1:3o P .M . 
Odessa, Texas 

 follow Andrews Hwy No 385 • 2 mi. Moi lh of Odessa, turn East on E 63rd St. f o r 1 1 mi to Auction site (across from VFW) 

Dick Inubhon offers for sole by Public Auction one of the hugest stock of An fique & Vintoge outo poets collection in the Southwest 
A 4o yr. col­ lection— 192o s thru 5o s Stock hoi not been picked or offered for sole before 
App 
1o,ooo items for Buick, Chevrolet, Cadillac, lincoln, Packard, ford, 
Auburn, Cord, Chrysler. Mercury, Plym outh, Desoto, Dodge, Kaiser, f r o m , 
Willys, Hudson, Essex, Terroplone, Studeboker, Overland 8 others Also a few truck ports. 
HENRY R. STOREY & ASSOCIATES AUCTIONEERS for information tall 915-362-o294 
Brownwood, Tex. for Brochure - 4o8 Main, Brownwood, Tex 768o1 
TXG5 77-ooo5 
Bank letter of Credit must accompany all checks. 

7o2-726 - FOREIBN SPORTSGARS 7o2-726 - FOREtGN-SPORTSCARS 

I S * 
LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW & USED 
VO LKSW AGENS AND 
HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
" {“ALWAYS THE W p M E S I SERVICE 

I 76 y J B M A ? WAGON 
S2995 

" f # i t t * f n r p T j r L im e g re e n , 4 sp e e d , 
A M - F M 
/ O V V Y D t F . I l l ra d io , a ir c o n d itio n e d , o n e 

175 HONDA CIVIC 
Ij 
H o n in g .................... 

Metallic blue, automatic transmission, air conch- 
* 2 6 9 5 

76 VW RABBIT DtlUXE MODEL V ^ u tra n sm issio n , a ir c o n d itio n e d , 1 5 , o o o 
* j m i l e s ............................................... 
74 CADILLAC COUPE DeVILLE 
• n e a rly e v e ry a c c e s so ry th e re is. . 

G re e n . This car h a s 
4o,ooo 
$ 

3895 

5495 
75 MERCURY MONARCH X* automatic tra n s m iss io n , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sid e w a lls, e n a n r 
2 o , o o o m ile s , ................................................... 
4 4 V 5 
75 HONDA CIVIC conditioning 4. * p#" d .°'r ‘2695 

75 DODGE PICKUP radio, tow mileage, very 

74 DASHER difioned AM -FM ta pa . . . o,r. . too\ ‘2895 
|*IA A Q J. sirs w it I C Yellow, automatic trons- 
/ J U K A N I ) V IL L I mission, power steering, power brokes, 4-door hardtop 
.................. I I 7 J 

Brown, 4-speeV, Sr conJiSonec^ . . . . . . . . . . . ‘1895 

*■7o El V A M U IE X CC W h ite with black vinyl top, 
/ J C l l A M I N U J J 454 VS, automatic hens- mission, power steering, power brakes, air in J Q C conditioned, AM/7M, new wide ovals, mags . . . . JLI “ J 

73 PONTIAC B r o n c * w ith w h ite top, V S, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, power windows, doors $*JTQC and trunk, tilt w h e e l...................... 
L l T J 

72 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX IfZ' automatic transmission, power steering 

C O U P E SJ M in t 
V8, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, tilt wheel, cruise control, power seats, power windows, EM stereo, 57,ooo m ile s................ ‘2595 

72 DODGE >/2 TON PICKUP VSSu V8 S17o1- transmission, air conditioned, radio.......... 
I / 7 J 

7o VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE air conditioned. . . ‘115o 
D O N ’T M ISS OUR LOW NEW CAR PRICES. 
V O L K S W A G E N / 
H O N D A 

13oo S.E. Military Dr. (N e x t to Mission Chevrolet) 
G M A C F IN A N C I N G 
_ _ _ 
. _ _ _ 
M IC I N S U R A N C E 
92 4-652 1 

 w v n I 
W 
H w n rn 
MISSION 

CAN YOUR CAR PASS 
THE RABBIT TEST? 
□ More luggage Space than in the 
Trunk of a Cadillac Fleetwood. 
□ o to 6o Faster than a Jaguar XJ61 
□ Terrific Econom y* 

 lf your tot has all this, you not only own a great tor, chancel are you already own a Rabbit 

According to the latest EFA tests, it gets 37 MPG on the highway 
74 
MPG in the city with standard transmission, (Mileage may vary depending on how and where you drive, optional equipment ond the condition of your cor.) With all these impressive figures we sug­ gest you test drive the Rabbit That way, you can put it to the test yourself. 

THE RABBIT. 
Y O U 'V E G O T TO 
DRIVE IT TO BELIEVE IT. 

•Tests conducted by Motor Trend 

USED CARS 

1975 YAMAHA motorcycle 
"Dirt B ike"................... 

1966 CHE VEILE S S!*™ 

 i n f o A n n Wagon, stondurd 
I V t i U r t i transmission, AM- 
. . . rn radio 
..... ‘1395 

1973 D O DGE*?",.*.* automatic, air condition, radio, low mileage . . . . . . 

1973 AMC HORNET L , sedan, automatic, a ir.. . . . . 

1973 OLDS 
T' 
\>.‘■’S E vinyl top . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

1975 DASHER SSS' "‘5 track, roof rack, nice car .. 

1976 DODGE S T J X automatic, power steering, low mileage 
.......... 

695 

695 

*2395 

‘1995 

*2695 

*3995 

*4395 

■ s a f e " a , a a s 
F R O M • 

A o n c e 
- i n 
- a - l i f e t i m e s a l e 

 o n a o n c e - i n - a - 1 i f e t i m e c a r . 

Peugeots have been around for 
87 years. This year, we’re having a sale on them. So come in before M ay 31, 
1977, test-drive a luxurious Peugeot, and make your best deal. Another 
87 years may go by before you have a chance to do it again. 

BR O U G H T O N M O T O R S 
213o AUSTIN HWY. 
655-o241 

P 
E 
U 
G 
E 
D 
T 
M l 

VOLKSWAGENS 

N E W ’ 7 7 ’ S 

A L L M O D E L S 

S A V E S ! 

O N S A L E N O W 
, 

S E E U S B E F O R E 

Y O U B U Y ! 

I/ 
ONE OF 
THE FASTEST 
SELLING IMPORTS. 
S T A T I O N W A G O N S & 

C O U P E S . 

1 9 7 7 
SUBARU 

STANDARD 
SEDAN 
T R P J r 
J m w 
Plus T a x , Title I license. 
.USED CAR SPECIALS! 

’7 5 D O D G E Colt sta/ wag, a u to m a tic..'2 4 95 
’7 5 V W Rabbit 
’7 5 V W R A B B I T ............................ * 2 7 9 5 
’7 5 V W lo Brand 
B u g 
....... * 2 8 9 5 
'7 5 V W Camper, Pop Top ( 2 ) ..............................‘5 4 9 5 ) 
’7 4 D O D G E Coronet, 6-cyl., radio, air..’2 3 9 5 
’7 6 S U B A R U 2-dr., radio, standard. . .’2 6 9 5 , 

...................... * 2 8 9 5 
’7 4 V W 
Beetle, light blue, extra dean '2 2 9 5 
’7 4 V W 
Dasher W agon 
.............’2 5 9 5 
’7 4 D A S H E R 2-dr............................. ‘2 4 9 5 
’7 3 C H E V Y 
Nova, standard, a i r 
'2 o 9 5 
’74 LUV Pickup.......... 
‘2195 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
( S 
S U 
B A R U 
A 
B M 
W 
( S 
4623 Fredericksburg Rd. 732-7121 
Across from W o n d e rla n d of Fredericksburg Rd. 

*r s r i t it I r k i t ie ic It i t ★ ^ 

N 
E 
W 
C 
A 
R 

S 
H 
O 
W 
R 
O 
O 
M 

O P E N 9 A . M . - 9 P . M . 
SEE THE ALL NEW 
’7 7 V O L K SW A G E N S 
3 Y e a r / 5 o ,o o o M ile 
W a rra n ty A v a ila b le 

USED VOLKSW AGENS 
’76 VW BUS automatic, air, radio, one owner... 
75 GMC PICKUP Air, power...................... 
74 VW THING...................... 
74 VW SUPER air, d e a n 
............ 
74 VW BUS 7-passenger, standard, radio....... 
2-73 VW’S Automat,c, a ir............................ 
73 VW Standard, extra clean, low m ileage........ 
72 VW Super Bug, air, d e an ............................. 
7 ! VW Super Bug, autom atic 
.............. 
71 VW Station Wagon, automatic, extra clean. . , . . 
7o VW BUS 
..... ....... 

*5895 
*3888 
*2185 
*2595 
*3895 
*2195 
*1975 
*1595 
*1495 
*1395 
*1695 

O v e r I O O n e w & use d cars in stock 

S E R V I C E O P E N 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT ALL DAY 

L o n e S t a r v o l k s w a g e n 
3 3 o 3 B o a d w a y 
8 2 4 7 3 1 I 

♦ REDUCTION SALE w ’ 76 land Cruiser, air, 4 wheel 
T F drive. 4 sp eed 
’ 4595 
♦ 75 Firebird, coupe, auto., oil, th power steering, power 
4 - 
Drakes, stereo radio 
3 19 5 
♦ 75 Courier Pickup, 
4 - 
I s p e e d ............................... 2695 
4 - 7 5 AMC 
Hornet, o u to , air, 
4 - r a d io ................................... 
239S j ^ '7 5 Gran Torino Wagon, auto., q . air, power steerinq, radio, l f 
Special 
2395 j * . 7 4 AMC 
Matador, 
6-cyl, 
J 
4 - speed, reol economy 
1395 
^ 7 3 Dodge Club Coupe, a u to , 
^ radio, power j x steering .................................‘2695 j .. 73 Olds Cutlass Coupe, o u to , 
J air, power steering, power brakes, vinyl top . . . 2895 
73 ford F -25o Pickup, 4-sad. contractor sp ecial,. .*13 9 5 
73 VW 4 spd, t h o r p ...*1 8 9 5 
73 Chrysler Newport, auto., air, power steering, power brakes, radio 
1695 
72 Olds station wagon, o u to , air, power steeling, power brakes, radio 
. . . . 
1395 
7 2 Pinto, auto., radio, air 895 
7 1 Dodge Dart, o u to , air, ra d io ........................................'15 9 5 
69 Buick Skylark, auto., air, radio, power steering '895 
69 Chevy Belah, 4-door, outo air, radio . . . ....... * 495 
DREYER TOYOTA 
3834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 6 - 4 4 7 1 

■ T r m in ic e car? * 
“ S e e T heta B e fo re 
Y o u B u y " 

74 CADILLAC ti Dorado Cpe, 37,ooo miles, extro nice............. 
75 BUICK 
I 

Century Sedan, 36.ooo miles, nice 
. 
1 74 HORNET 
Sportabout, 

‘65oo 

 ll 
I m t \ 

 l l 
375o1 

■ 
■ 
M il 

S 
O 
M 
P 
S 
, 

’ 
3 
, 
2 
J 
» 
: 

HONDA CVCC 

Honda is the car and Mission is the place, lf you want a fine, comfortable economy cur, Honda is for you And the best price 

 and service are at Mission. Drive out soon. 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HoNDA DEALER 

M 
I 
S 
S 
I 
O 
N 
HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
13oo S.E. MILITARY DR., 
924-6521 

*2295 

7o1 - AHTIOetS-CBHtCTOBS 

1932-1948 F O R D O W N E R S ! 
San Antonio Area ‘Early V8 Ford 
C lu b ' now a c c e p tin g new members. Com e visit ut and meet people who share your H obb y! 
For info: 736-539o ; 656-321o 
Call 
(2) 
‘39 
F O R b S , 
1-583-2862. 
$3ooo. 

IHE N U M B E R TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
EXPRESS A N O N EW S 

E iD o ra d o 69 C la ssic. M e c h a n ­ ic a lly re sto re d . Alt new . A il receipts and gu arantees a vaila ­ ble. All power, interior perfect. 
B e a u tifu l! 
B e s t c a sh o ffe r.: 
828-4771 after 5 p.m .; A nytim e weekends for appt. j 
195o F o r d C u sto m . 4-drT, ail original. $6oo firm. 688-3855. 
1957 Ford 2 dr. hardtop. Rebuilt j engine. $5oo. 341-6574._____________i 

C A II 225 1666 
/ 
I 

1941 F O R D . S h o w C o n d i t i o n 
C h e v y engine. $395o. 658-3424. 

72 IMPALA CONVERTIBLE 
While. Just like new. radio, arr.-tm tape, heater, auto, power steer­ ing, b rakes, windows. F a c to ry air, tilt wheel, cruise control, new tires. New black vinyl top. $2395. 
W ill help fin a n c e . 
J o h n n y , 
922-63o3; 924-6416. 

 j 7o1 • ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 

I T T IS d ^ ro ro n o d o T jM O O ^ 
: m ile s. M in t! C a ll C. M ile s ; j 736-5419 ; 228-4392.________________ 
•49 Plymouth, ail new parts, en- i gine; needs license, sticker and 
I battery; excellent for restoring. 
Good looking *56 Plym outh in nod of som e repair. See to appreciate. 
453-1239. 
1941 P L Y M O U T H Sedan 13,ooo actual miles, Original upholstery, 
B e a u tifu lly m a in ta in e d , one owner. M ust settle estate. $8oo. 
Apply 2o7 Thom as Jefferson 
S H E L B Y GT-5oo. 428 cu ”, sower, a1* auto., stereo. Luxury Sports. 
494-1922, 432-3o42. 

Station 
■ Wagon 
I 76 PONTIAC 
I 
Grand 
Prix, 
16,ooo 
I 

™ miles, extra fir* never used.................... 

B BROUGHTON M OTORS 
I 
213o AUSTIN H W Y. 

6 5 5 - o 2 4 1 u J H 

‘485o 

7o6 (WIW_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

* 7 m ? V ^ ^ ? a ir ! T im - f m cassette stereo, Del Rio, 1-298 3o31. 
787-CAPRI 

 t m r T a fM T 7 ",T ,3 o T r7 T + in T k repossession, taking bids, call M r. 
L achier, 344-o141. 
1974 Capri, good tires, 4-speed, 
A M -F M tope, $2,5oo 494-2448. 
Capri 71. standard. Radial fires, 
A M P M stereo with tape. V e ry sharp! $1o75 494-5o87 

■59 IM P A L A , 2 d o o ri h a rd to p conv., 
Nice. 
$65o. 
Kerrville 
257-4353 
M U S T A N G C O L L E C T O R S 
______ _ lf you own a 64’ j-65-66 and would 
-,nr- 
1IIOt iu like to meet others equally proud, 
/UD - AUS I 111 call Mr. Bales at 824-4781. 

784-AUDI________ 
T ^ u jd ^ o xT T xT e T le n t cond. alr, stereo, 35,ooo miles, 494-23o7. 

72 AUDI IDOLS 

7o8 CORVETTE 

4-door, air, automatic. Sunroof. 
Speed and cruise ........... 
$2195 
J A M IS O N Mtrs. Seguin. 223-52o1 

I X PRE 55 A N O N E W S 
1957 A U S T IN H E A L E Y . Clean, runs good. $125o 454-4342 

T X T T u T Y y p e ? V e a r T f o d # ! s 
C O R V E T T E S , priced reasonably. 
491-1877 or 499-o294 
V E H IC L E S U N L IM IT E D 
75 C O R V E T T E C O N V E R T IB L E , fu lly equipped, inc!. L e a th e r, electric windows, low mileage. 
5411 SA N P E D R O 
734-4413 
I ' 7 6 T S R V E 'f T E ! - 4 8 ' e n g i tve * 
; 19,ooo mi. Excellent condition 
Loaded, no opt Bes* alter. Pre dncksburq (1)997-2323, 997-2327 

E X P R E S S A N D N E W S 

§ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 
GRADUATION SPECIALS • 
74 MAZDA u p aS o 7 ° n: *2495 

•■YO T A V A T R Mo,k 11 S,Gtm" wuy 
I L 
I U T U I A on. automatic, radio, j 
.............. 1895 

' n MAZDA 
*1495 , 
1695 • 
'73 MAZDA S . " ”':.4’'.''4 *' 
'74 PLYMOUTH o«'» 1 automatic, air, radio, power ste ering................... .. t mm rn | J A t , A 
Hatchback, 
VB, 
OUfO' 
7 i f N U V A motic. air, power steer­ ing, Spirit of America p ackage.......... 
'75 PONTIAC S j r V 5 : motic, radio, air, power steering........ 
75 CHEVY LWB ton, Silverado, 

 air, automatic, radio, aux tank, low miles 
................................... 
'74 CORVETTE wTm.VC* 
VI, a ir.......................................... 
, _ _ _ _ _ _ 
VY Ton pickup, 3 speed, 6 
73 FORD cylinder ." . .............. 

*2695 

*2995 

3695 

*4995 

*6295 • 
*1995 • 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS • 
95oo San Pedro 
341-1354 • 
> • • • e e e e e e e e e * 

F R E E C H 
A 
M 
P A 
G 
N 
E 

IN TIME FOR 
SUMMER VACATION 
The New Line of Champagne Busses... 
ON SALE! 

W e h a v e fe v e r a l o f the n e w c h a m p a g n e line 

 o f V o lk s w a g e n Busses in stock 
. . . a n d on 

 sale. 
Y o u 'l l love the nice a p p o in tm e n t o f 

 these 
* C h a m p a g n e 
L in e ’ ’ o f ca rs . 
Specia l c a rp e t a n d u p h o ls te ry . 
S p e c ia l colors a n d trim. S e e us fo r the best prices. 

FREE CASE OF TAYLOR BRUT CHAMPAGNE 
Given With Each Bus During This Stile 

M 
I 
S 
S 
I 
O 
N 

V 
O 
I . H 
S 
* Y 
A 
< a i ; \ - ~ 
H 
O 
M 
? 
\ 

1 3 o o S . E . M i l i t a r y D r . 
9 2 4 - 6 5 2 1 

1969 T O Y O T A C O R O N A , a ir . 
$495-1925 Fraxno 732-5415 
T i Toyota Lofidcnjiyer 73"CUO nu. air, hub* sunroof. A»*um e am t*. 
496 o159 otter 5 
__________ 

7 1 TOYOTA $995 
M A R K ll. STO. 4 OR. 435-I64T 
T O Y O T A O F SA N A N IO N IC ) " 
17o3 S E - M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
9J4-9451 

T O Y O T A W AGON-19751 
No Down Paym ent auto and cur j 
Coll Herb or Bddm: 225-79o9 
, 

'7 4 T O Y O T A W A G O N 
T o k * over ouvm enf*. no equity gat! Credit m onoger, 349-4946 
72 Toyoto C o ro n a M K It, a ir 
«-*od, 2 door, hardtop, excellent cond M U ST s e t t H99S, Coli AMI 
•til 12 noon. 344-7467 
J 
723 TRIUMPH 

GOOD-WEAK CREDIT?? 

With Stable Income? 

Iherg ii a way wa can 

SIU YOU A CAR 

OR TRUCK 

* 6o Modalf to chooia from 

PRICED From $495. 

KINNEY MOTORS 
3928 BROADWAY 

A lA M O S P O R T * C A R S 
Authnriied Sole* and Service 
Trium ph Alta Rom eo 
3111 B R O A D W A Y 67M-5SH 
•'ii Trium ph G T 6 + G ood * and'! lion overdrive $1295 653 4526. 
74 T R IU M P H S P IT F IR E conver 
11 hie like new, $2995 824 4o66 
■73 Triumph Stag, 18,ooo nil VB, 4 tenter, new convert, top. A clat 
UCI $62oo. 342-2681 
•7$ T R IU M P H TR6 Conveitittle am ini tape deck yellow, black 
Vinyl lop 27,ooo im. $52oo, Seguin 
(I Ii,’9-25o6 
_____________ 
724 - VOLKSWAGEN 

Blue Beauty, *74 VW 412 Wagon,) 
22,OOUmi ra d ia l l i n t , Zinnia,. 
$2895 494-36o8. 734 876o 
J 
•71"F a $ r b a t kT N ew v a lv e lob ! 
$135o Call 45$ I131j_____________ 

IMPORT CAB SERVICE 
VW Rebuilitt $249.95 453 7846. 
N O R T H l 6 D P V O L K S W A G E N 
712-7121 
4623 F R E D t RIC K S B U R G R O A D 

 o 
S 
& f c o 

'75 H ob b it D e L u x e 
L ik e new 
$26oo 141 o462 after 6: 
PSP* 

‘75 Rabbit, ii mpg. Sunroof, A M 
P M and m orel 342-6948,_______ __ 
R O D E A S T V O L K S W A G E N 
14o2 N E LO O P 41o 
621-12o1 
-71 S u p e r Beetle, a m tm ste re o a ir, new tire s, u s e s reg. 
$1,95o 49o 9297, ! g a t 

 rake aver paym ents, no equity 74 
VW. 
Call: 
824-76o6 atter 
7 
494-5714 

I S S E 

T he in te llig e n t a lte rn a tiv e . 

Toke a d van tage of these savings and select your new Lancia 
Beta C o u p e s and Scorpions at a special low price, A trem endous hoice .. but for a limited time only. 

JAGUAR • MGU • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

I M P E T U S 

1 8 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
7 2 2 - 9 1 2 1 

VOLKSWAGEN! 
Parfs-Servlce-Com 
655 1131 
1971 V o lk t w a ii n S e d a n . R e a l dean! $Io95-53M ?77 
•41 V O L K SW A G O N 
$125. 
_________ C A L L : 494 7452 
74 VW, air, 1,1oo m iles; also 71 
M G H 474 3414. 
•7o VW B U G Ena", In excellent condition. SlOiO 655 5724 utter 6 
'46 V W B U G . w hile, blue vin y l in te rio r, radio, su n ro o f, e x tra clean. 
S49S.finanumj available 
224-441o 
W O W A U i. Excellent condition 
5145o cath. 732 8889 
7 4 VW D asher $2495 Blue 
B ro w n interior 4-jpd, a ir 39,OOO m i 
1-o w n e r v e r y c le a n 
658-o591 ;4SI-o1!$ eves 
______ 

VW Engine OveitaiVW 
M E T R IC M A S T E R , 874 7427 

7o8 CORVETTE 
I S corvet t e. L o a d e d . M U S T 
S E L L ! 736-4311; 69o 9981________ 
C O R V E T T E S - A lw ays a few flood 

716 
MC 

H andout!t '*5 M O I 
R u n n tn a 
Needs work S5oo Call 456-o36$ 

VW >4oo engine. Recen tly over hauled, oournnteed. 674 5563. 
•69 v w Fastback. Full aufo, Iron s 
L e ss than 1,ooo m i. sin ce eng overhaul. Good body and interim 
I See after 6 e m. or oil day Sun 
I 1438 Deer Run 494 2669 

■ i t v w Fastback,excellent, new noter, air. low miles SI els 14 Ij 

 ones to choose from at the right prices at 
C L A S S IC C O A C H W O R K ! 
114o/ San Perlrp. JAS 2(115 

7 S Corvette. W hile' im m aculate! r«8D24iV cond. $78oo or bast ofter. 684-3361 
--------— or 735-o459. 
Corvette 

73 M G H air, 78,ooo miles, excel- lent Dei Rio, I i n 3 o 3 1 .______ 
'67 M O B. GT. Hardtop coupe, fine 

 sell! $695. 922 8/o4 

 condition, new w hitew all tires. 
Rebuilt engine. W ire wheels. $185o 

'68 VW. M oving out of State, mutt sell’ $695 922 87o4._________ 
■ti' VW Rabbit Deluxe, standard, low mileage $285o 453 1689 

7o, white T-top, power, 
454, 4 speed, 655-o51$. $38oo 
71 Corvette, 4S4, with air, power, custom interior, T A 6o s, I owner, cedi 457-o447 
I 
49 R E D C O R V E T ! E, new motor, good ru n n in g con dition, som e! body repair needed 
735-272o eves.__________ 
| 
68 V E T T E Conv. Stock 327, ex 

7o9 • DATSON 
• T r K f s u r n r ? T 7 "2 dr Huff haack, | air, qood cond. $25oo I 538 258o 
D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143o P A T B O O K E R 
U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 658 6271 
71 D A T S U N 51o, 4 door sedum oir, new b rakes, new tires. CB hookup $8oo 656 6255 

75 M O B Overdrive, a m -f m cat sette. m any e x tra s Like newt 
349 9355; 349-42o4________________ 
6/” m G B . W ell ca re d for A ir 
$15oo 653 7o47. 4263 B light Sun 
7 2 
Convertible, am ini 31,ooo mi. $1595. 333-8152_______________ 
74 M G Midget" convertible^ excel lent cand., 4 speed, 4 cvl, g a t toyer, 4 9 4 - 5 1 6 3 . _________ 
‘76 M G Midget, d ark green with tan interior, 7,ooo miles, ail ex- l i as. 4«4 3921; 341-3/52 utter 4. 
•75 M G Midget mint condition, see to appreciate. $35oo. 698-278o 
_ 
76 M G Midget Special 65oo m b 
A M PM, rally wheels 673 75o4 
~65 M C , sp in n e r w heels, best otter. 732-2254 

72 VW red station wagon, outo fuel injection, radio, new battery gas saver, $1,435. 344-8618 otter 
4:3o. 
VW S P E C IA L IS T S 
R E B U IL T SH O R T B L O C K S 
349-4469_____________ 
X iii VW 411 Stntionw uaon Au tomatic, 5.3,ooo miles, clean. 6135o 
484-4148 after 6pin________________ 
'4 * VW. Stjii v e ry cleun. R u n s excellent. Owner $995 69 , 84o/ 
‘71 VW Super Beetle blue, sun root, new iodic, $1275 822-S796. 
I T v w S U P E R , radio, real nice, 
$85o 333-6152 
‘75 VW Van A m T m , cu rtains, sidestep. I owner. $43oo. 626-5346, 
75 VW W agon 4 dr , all extras 
E xce lle n t cond. O w ner. $1995. 
414 5725 otter J p m w kdayt. 

Datsun 41o, 1974, 2-door, 4-speed, low mi good tires, $2,3oo 
Coll 
822-3141 

717 ep a 

T n jp e P 8 Y ^ 8 a I3 re x c e lle n t con 725 * VOLVO aition New paint 1ob. new seat! 
$19oo 144 4511. 

74 v w wagon 14,ooo miles. E xtra clean $225o. $33-337o.____________ 

7 6 D A T S U N P IO 
17,ooo m i,, 5 so d ., A M -7 M 
Radials, excellent $3195 656 2684 

72 Onei GT, 2o,ooo miles, 1 owner 
Ho' fc h'b o c k 
521oo call, 828 8o88 

PARK F S R vilLV O 
IM SCO U T D E A L E R 
132 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 732 2143 

71o-FIAT 

1975 F IA T 128 SL Coupe 4-ipeed 
25,ooo miles 
$225o-344 33oo. 
342-66o5_______ _______________ 

74 FIAT 124 SPORT 
C O U P E 
Series 
18oo 
$-$ 
.................................... $2595 
JA M ISO N M iry Seguin. 223 52o1 

•7! Opel G T 
New paint 
R u n s great! $17oo 494-4513 atter 5 3o, anytime weekends___________ 
73 O P E L GT, 4 speed, like new" 
$33o below SR. 347 7372.__________ 
•71 Ope! M a n ic 2 dr L u x u s. 4 speed, air, Indio, new tires, con- ditian 653-4676_______________ 
73 O P E L M A N T A H395 

75 Volvo 742DL.. Orig. owner, law m ileage Air, auto , A M -F M stei 
OO 655 9163 o r 656-1313. 
;7 f V O L V O W A G O N A i r 'cond, bon, loaded, new tires, low ml. 
$25oo. Call otter 5 828 2476 
76 V o l v o W a g o n . K l tomJi bon, an, $165o. 828 /34o 

GO LD, A IR , 4 -S P E E D 435-164) 
•73 6peTM onfa.iteeds upholstery 
$11oo. Call: 227-49o7. 
726 - MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

711 I 

 h o n ' o 'X (El^/lC, 
/i good .oil'd, outo, air, low mi $1675 494-753$ 

T I Opel M anta Rallye 4-spd . bv owner. $13oo Call 696 o888 
•71 d P E L M A N T A S p 6 r t 7 new valves, rings Extras, 533 5824 

'76 H O N D A C IV IC 
Low mileage, gas saver. Bargain 
$2395. 
226 3551 days, 494 2P44 eves 
7 5 Honda Civic, air, stan d ard 
533-9141 ext. 26, 1-625-1274. 

74 Opel 19oo Wagon, 45,ooo mites, 
$2ooo. 432-4572 
_____ 

712 - JAGUAR_________ 

 t T T jC SIJ a r ' xJj -g IT c Iu e n lT o r r din on. Cail 
344-1138 ofter 6_____ 
•71 JA G U A R X K E . \Ti2, 2 + 2 Ex- tarter completely refinished. S a ­ ble brow n, new tires, air, CB, r a d a r sn o o p e r 
W ire w h e a ls tuned. Excellent cond M ust sell or will consider trode. L. Vol*: 
512-374-3273 mtes only. 

7 1 M 

"n o r t h W OOD PCJR SCH I " 'AUCH 
1234 N E LO O P 41o 
________ 824-3214 
Porsche 74 Coupe 911. Air, lier- eo. alloy wheels. Private. 828 5273. 
■62 P orsche Coupe New pa m b new leather interior Air. Excel- lent cond. $45oo 225-5861. 
•74 Porsche 9i4 2 iiferT"excellunt condition, $44oo 691 1282. 

MAY BARGAINS! 
•75 w s lew 
2495 

<7 <s CUTLASS 
Coupe, 
/ -J mi., beautiful, 
53 ,o o o ml. . . . 
1 7 4 MMtcuitr WX 4-deer, 
I lf loaded. 
^ 2 2 9 5 

 tended, 
‘2295 i yrs PONTIAC luxury 
Ie - 
/ X Mens coupe. 
* 2 2 9 5 

‘2195 inq 4-dr. 
.‘2195 

 iharp 

 fin# family ear 

 non# niter. 
'J C V " 
/ J autom atic 
PON TIAC 
Cleanest bt town. , 
72o -SAAB 
• T i BUICK leSabre Custom, 
/ J small 

1714 MAZDA 
| 7 T m u 7 o^ B 
M d 
2 - d r * 
R o ta ry eng,, 4 s p T 
C oup e. New point, rad ial tire s V e ry clean M u st sell! First $125o. 224 54/4; eves 
655 85o4._________________ 
•73 M A Z D A RX2, 4-door, auto, dir, new e n g in e . $1695. 451-5144; 
674-2998 eves____________________ 
M U ST S E L L ' 7 f M e Ida W agon 
Extro cleon. Coll: 681 3o85. 
715 MIMES KM 

 o S s ! n r ^ r 6 2 ^ ! r ^ ? ^ o r n ! w r iM f 

•BUGS!!* 
•66 thru 74 M O D E L S 
C A LL B IL L : 824 442o____________ 
74 S A A B Air" reasonable Low mileage- Coll 652 6235. 
____ 
SA A B W A N T E D 99LE 4 door on to, air condition, under 3o,ooo i mdes. Write E xp re ss-N e w s Box 
451o, San Antonio,Tx 78297 

 motor. . 
• yrs IMPALA 
I £ nice, 
I-ow ner. 

‘1895 
4-deor, extra 
‘1795 
'•Oft M M C URY 
Marquis 
4- 
/ v dr immaculate 11 i n c 
4 5 OOO m i 
I 6 9 5 

 i i C VA LIA N T 
Collectors 
O O ite m 2 4 , o o o a c tu a l m i. 
Ixtre 
(.loon 

721 SUBARU 

•ta, lathe green, green leather, beautiful! 817-532 6317 
Classic 1966 2 5o S E Coupe. Auton. sunroof, power. 817-532-6317 
‘48 M ercedes B eni 23o. Showroom cond Low m ileage Se rio u s in- quires only 22mpg 694-2o4/ 
'V i M ercetJes 28o" s e l ,"4.5, 'St owner. Excellent condition. Low mileage, new tires. 4*4-4548 after 
6pm or wkends______________ 
W 3 M orcedes 4 $o SE i Excellent condition. Leather, gold metallic. 
Will consider wholesale or trade. 
1-836-2932 

7 4 SUBARU SEDAN 
4-door Sedan 4-speed, ait . $1695 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 

MssKui 

 t SMuh % V s)k /VmN J MV 
IN T H I ( X P K I 55 N E W S 
CAU 225-1666 

GuMBtfS IO CAU 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
( X PRISS ANO N IWS 

'44 M ercedes 19o, very good con ditian. 732-/469. 
^ 7 s J IO N C IT Y IM P O R TS 
M E R C E D E S - B E N Z Soles Service 
382o SA N P E D R O 
736-224J 

Line 
Authorized Dealer ter M ercedes 
Bene and S A A B 
382o SAN P E D R O 734-2243 
■ V IV E S A T S A R A I i T T T T i T 
Seascap e, sa c rific e $25oo; E u ­ ropean rural scene, 27 x 3o, $275; 
A N T IQ U E S E A S C A P E , H E 
Toiler, $295. Others. 494-5349. 
Im mb________________________ 

_ • T & n n s - M G B i o N v T B T O t T 
Am -Fm I track, Pirelli brei, m ag w h e e ls 
G o o d m ile a g e . D a y , 
225 7411 Ext. 491. Night 822-3o39 

722-TOYOTA 

"A LA M O TO Y O T A 
1 
'. 
Across From Airport 828-o723 
524 N.E. LO O P 41o 
‘74 Cetic a GT’!’ lo a dud green- w hite int., e x c e lle n t co n d 
826-22o7; 1-535-4o89 ofter 7 
■74 Corolla, red. oir, outo, low mdeqge, cleon, $235o 826-1924. 
71 C O R O N A 4 door, auto, air. 
$9oo 824-4965 
I each oir conditioners for early 
1977 T oyo ta s; C o ro lla Calico, 
Corona. Unit >ngf by Ciordy. $25o msfoiled. Contact D avid Kalm us, 
661-42o1. 
IF YOU CAN B U Y A B E T T E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R TH AN AT 
D R E Y E R TO Y O T A 
BU Y IT 
M u s t Se ll! 

..‘1595 
Bonne vllto, 
Ilk* now, t i i n e 
41.oooo ml. . . 
I 1 7 3 
* O N SPOT FINANCING 

TfRMS IO QUALIFIED 
OUT IRS 
* OPEN IV (N INO S 
3oo3 S.W. Military Dr. 
922-332$ 
933.27o3 

" i i T o y o ta info-beginning 
Friday, 
333-3579 

M o re 
3:3o, 

‘74 Toyota Calico, excellent 4 spd 
Vinyl lop oft 5 696-8398 _________ _ 
75 Toyota Celica ST, low m iitoae vinyl lop, am-fm, lots more, below book at $355o Coll 824-6532. 
72 Toyota. Clean, ru n s good, I owner $995. 655-6926 atter 6 
73 Toyota C a rin a Deluxe 2-dr 
Sedan. 58.oOO miles, very clean 
$1695. 534-361o. __________________ 
■H Toyota Corona M a rk ll, Sedan, air, radio, $9oo 6/4.5284. 
__ 

' J A M O N TI CARLO, txtrx 
/ # clean , 
3 5 . o o o m l. 
£ r.~ w.. ‘295o 
T X GRANO PRIX, 57,ooo 
/ 4 m. A M - F M l o d e n 
Jupe 
A T J U vinyl roof, 

AM-FM, Je..‘Z55o 
’7 £ CHICA 
GT, loaded, 

IJ R CHICA, 
J 1* 49 OOO ml., 

I like new 
. ‘425o 
7 l8 E & r ; ‘ 775 
TOYOTA 
OF SEGUIN 
224-4183 toll free 
oPIN IVES. til 9 P M, 

2 dependable cars for $35oo Olds 
Cutlass, Am erican M otors Rogue, both cars beautiful cond. 824-5o47 
74 LO T U S Mid engine, 22,ooo mi air, radials, m ags, um-fm radio. 
. 734-9689 

I f 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday M a y 22 1977 
, n 
-..... 
„T .................................. i — 

—....-■■■r --'il-r-'-irr,, lr,i i>ri„irr-,.: v 
- -r- ■ 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES_______ 73o743 AUTOMOBILES_______ 73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

D 
E M 
O 
N 
S T 
R 
A 
T 
O 
(c l e a r a n c e 
SALE! 

Dm MotmewZ 
S A V E T I M E ! ! ! S A V E M O N E Y ! ! ! 
ALL VEHICLES AT ONE LOCATION!!! 

* Payments do not include state taxes, title and license. 
All PRICES INCLUDE 
341-5571 
DEALER PREP AND FREIGHT 
98oo 
SAN PEDRO 

JORDAN FORD IS # I 

IN NEW FORD CARS AND TRUCKS SALESE 
FORD MOTOR COMPANY RECOGNIZES JORDAN FORD AS THE LEADER 
IN NEW CAR AND TRUCK SALES IN SAN ANTONIO 
‘THANK YOU SA N A N T O N IO ’ 
.Bill Jordan, aw arded Trophies by Ford Motor Co. for their N u m b e r 

 were 
Jr. and the Jordan Ford Sales Staff 
O ne Sales Position in Ford Sales for April, 
1977. This N um b er O n e soles standing is the result of customer confidence based on Jordan Ford's reliability and integrity in customer service. The Jordan Ford Sales Staff promises a continued effort to 

 m a i n t a i n o u r customer confidence a nd remain “N um b er O n e to you, our customers. 

NUMBER ONE SAVINGS FROM YOUR NUMBER I DEALER! 

’7 7 PINTO 
2-3 Litre, 4-cylinder, 4-speed, radio, tinted glass, Whiteside wall tires, wheel covers, rocker panel molding, wheel mouldings, bright yellow, stock no. 
2 4 9 8 

M ARK V 

Stock #77o82, demon­ 

 strator, cream-cream, luxury group, power windows, power seats, 

AM/FM stereo w/quad 

 stereo, forged aluminum wheels, speed control, tilt wheel, reclining passenger seat 

 and many, many more extras. Two additional demo MARKS to choose from. 
* 2 o o o DISCOUNT 

( C O U G A R X I I - 7 

Stock #371o2, demon­ strator, V8, auto­ matic, power steering, power brakes, power windows and seats, decor group, power 
I door locks, air conditioning, 
AM/FM stereo w/quad tape. 
* I OOO DISCOUNT 

TEN MONARCHS 

I W ITH 
U P nw t o ' ^ r n 
* 8 o o DISCOUNT 

A S K A B O U T O U R O W N E R P R O T E C T IO N P L A N .’ 
F IN A N C IN G A V A IL A B L E 

Calvin 
G ro tto rn’/ 

’7 7 F - l OO 

IW B 3 o o C ID , 
6-cylinder, 
Explorer package, lite blue, stock no. 1 4 3 4 

S 4 
1 
9 5 

N O R T H S ID E 

L o o p 4 1 o a t P e r r in -B e it e l 

657-333o 

S O U T H S ID E 

4 1 4 S .W . 
M ilit a r y Dr. 

923-4566 

CREDIT BAD?? 
I G U A R A N T E E , (here is a way I can 
S E L L YO U A C A R 
Call Cookie, 532-542! 
Padgetts Auto Sole 
39o2 S F L O R E S 

'75 B U IC K C E N T U R Y 34,ooo m iles, su n ro o f, a m -lm stereo, tape, power windows, 
$495o. 
432-4315 

72 Cutlass, 2 door, loaded I 2195. 
•74 Vega, auto, oir ............$1595. 
■TO VW Bug 
.................. S1o95. 
7o M averick 2-door ........ $995. 
'68 Ltd 4 door ................ $695. 
•69 M ercury 4 door .......... $595. 
•66 Cutlass 2 door ............. $395. 
S M IT H S Used C ars 
7o5 S.A L A M O - 226-9144 

73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 

F O R W O M E N O N L Y 
Need a car-limited credit 
No Money Dow n? 
Call 225-79o9 or 222-8611 Ext 279 
H E R B A V A L O N 
T E X A S A U T O S A L E S 
O ur specialty - extra nice used cars. 923-4341 - 923-o737 

731 -AMO 

•73 Buick Century, gold with vinyl top. om -lffl, tilt w heel; pow e r w ind ow s and se ats; A m e ric a n m ags; $1995. 344-8489. 
■73 Buick Convertible 35o-4 Cen­ turion. white-white top-brown in­ te rio r; new tro n s., v a lv e s , radials; oil bower; am-tm stereo; cru ise control; tilt w heel; air. 
5296o 674-1597.___________________ 
75 Buick Electra Limited, 4 dr. 
F u lly eq uip p ed . Im m a c u la te . 
Sacrifice bv owner. 
SS3So. 
492-1563 -________________________ 
'76 Buick Electra Lim ited P a rk 
Ave. 16,ooo mi. G o rge o u s C ar. 
Take N A D A whsle S67oo. 492-1563 

Close Out Below Loan Value! ‘74 
A M C $75o, '73 A M C $5oo, '72 Ford 
$6oo. '71 Vega $45o, 7o Buick $6oo, 
•7o Toronado $6oo, '69 M u stan g 
SHOO, -67 M ustang $75o, C h e vy 
Van $65o. Several at $15o each; 
684 38oo 
'67 Electra 4dr, I owner, needs minor repairs $8oo 826-5962 
'68 R IV IE R A $895 
O R IG IN A L C O N D ITIO N . C L E A N . 
435-1641 
S K Y L A R K Custom ‘72. Loaded, radials, very low mileage, very 
Clean. 653-6861, 826-6626 
•7o Skylark 4 dr, air auto, power, very dean, $1195. 684-7743. 

'71 Buick Electra '225'. All power, air. 2937 Roosevelt 
7o Buick Estate Wagon. Cruise, 
A M -EM , good cond. 
S1QQo 
648-4268. 
_________ _ 
75 B u ic k L e S a b re . 4-dr., a ll power, air. Brown with beige vin 
VI top. E x c e lle n t cond. 48,ooo miles. 
$41oo. 
681-o68o; eves; 
684-5991. 

76 Skylark Hatchback. Air, auto., 
V6. 23 mpg. $41oo. 341-7624. 
'7o S K Y L A R K , looks, runss good, 
Isl $895. cosh, 732-3824 

733 -CADILLAC 

. r.— — s-=----- .... ■ 
, 75 B u ic k L e S a b re . 4 dr., a ll 
A M C H orn e t Sportobout. I power, air. Brown with beige vtn- 
{owner, air, auto, power steering, 
A M radio Lu ggage rack, 35,ooo 
;miles- S25oo. 828-7369. 
,'7S A M C M atador 2 dr hordtoa, very clean, S249S. 655-8259. 

 yf top. Excellent cond. 48,ooo mi. 
$41oo. 681-o68o; eves 684-5991 

!*74 G rem lin X. Air, auto., good condition. Call: 333-6276. j‘73 G rem lin X std, air, stereo, 
I power, new paint, St49S 674-4545 

Have Down Payment 
But little or no credit and looking for new or used c a r? 
/Call Herb 225-79o9 or 222-8611 ext 
279 

•71 Buick LeSabre, I owner, low mileage, good condition, 514oo or make offer. 653-7975 after 5 pm 
73 B U IC K Regal 6o 4o seats, tilt wheel, am-fm stereo, tape, prig owner. Pert $2895. 655-7371. 
U b u ic k Regal, 2-door, toke up payments, call 924-6671 
63 B U IC K Riviera Wrecking tor parts. 533-93o5. 

'73 H O R N E T 
Air, auto, power, 675-2oo6 
515oo. M o v in g , m u st se ll 
Hornet, air, loaded, 828 2656 
73 

'71 Buick Riviera, boat toil design, all power, air, tilt, cruise, trade, 
$1,9oo 623-5528. 
7o Buick R iviera V-8, auto. A ir 
Sharp! $995-432-2644, 432-266o 
'68 Buick Skylark. Good condition 
$9oo. 922-8491; 6 8 1 -3 1 6 6._______ 
76 B u ic k S k y la r k V-6. F u lly equipped Landau 
34).1426 roof 
$3495 

•76 P A C E R , autom atic, pow er steering, oir, cruise control, ster­ eo tape. 
8,ooo mi. 
Never registered. 
__________________________________ 
54)1 SA N P E D R O _______ 734-4613, 72 Buick Sport wagon. V-8, power ste e rin g , a ir con d ition e d , a u ­ tomatic transm ission. Excellent shape. 
A sk for 
Art Martinez 
222-8611 
732 - BUICK 

'76 Buick CentGry Spcl. Power, air, auto, chrom e wheels. V inyl top, A M -F M stereo, V6. Student re lu m in g to School, m ust sell! 
$44oo or hest offer. 
657-3443 anytime. 
72 Buick Centurion. 4-dr. H ard­ top. low mileage. O rig owner. 
337-3647. 

68 Buick Wildcat. 55,ooo mi, good cond. M ake offer 696-3799________ 

 tW6 Le Sabre, 4-dodr hardtop, I 
O w n e r. $8,ooo m i. E x c e lle n t. 
$1,595. 655-1444. 

IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CALE 225-1666 

68 C A D ILL A C 
C L E A N CAW! i-2937 Roosevelt 
•66 Cadillac Coupe Deville. Full power, $325. 733-o762. 
'76 C adillac Convertible. Phoen­ ician Ivory. Under 75o mi. $19,5oo. 
684-2879 til 7:3o p.m. 

'75 Cadillac Sedan de Ville, fully equipped, lo m ileage. Perfect. 
$695o Coll 681-1925_______________ 
•76 Cadillac Seville. Perfect! All e x tra s . 
B e ig e b ro n ze . 
L o w mileage. $935o. 492-9)88. 

76 Cad Sad Deville 
All Options, warranty TA8-o197 

72 Cad Sen Deville 
Low Miles, Clean, Loaded 
65S-7o79 or 533-o181 
•71 C onvertible, red, new top, perfect $72oo 341-2811 735-7483 
'74 Coupe perfect condition, blue, 
CB, tope, alarm system. 453-2234. 
D.J D U N L A P M O T O R S 
917 Broadway 
227-2873 
Cad-Olds-Lincoin Clr. 
'72 E! Dorado, all black, loaded, good tires, Al, $32oo 824-8377 
'7o E L D O R A D O , automatic, air, power. $1195. Financing a vaila hie. 224-441o 
‘75 E ID o ra d o . m aroon, loaded, white vinyl top, excellent, orig. owner 58ooo 225-7o4o 

■73 Cadillac Coupe DeViilg. Fully loaded, must sell. $25oo. 922-841o. 
•73 Cadillac Coupe Deville. While, lack interior. Excellent condition. 
$38oo or best offer. Coil: 228-o88o. 
‘72 c a d i l l a c Coupe, loaded, looks new $1995. 333-8152_________ 
'73 Cadillac J door coupe De Ville, will help 
499-3434 ft non ce. Coif Woody 

■74 Cadillac EIDorado, 33,ooo mi. 
Loaded. Im m aculate condition, 
$4,5oo. After 4 W eekdays. A ny- t tm eon weekends, 342-6346. 
C A D IL L A C L IM O U S IN E . V e ry good condition. $255o. 653-98oo 

MATA CADILLAC 
117 L E X IN G T O N 
226-7221 

7 5 
S E D A N 
□ ’E L E G A N C E tow mileage. $459$. 922-2724 
72 S E D A N D E V IL L E 
Very clean. $1795. 495-8186. 

734 CHEVROLET 

’49 C ad illac, new steel belted rodiul tires. $7oo. 457-1o54 
Codillac-Olds, Special Sale! 
75 Cadillac Sedan Deville, beige, low miles, loaded, only $6488. A '74 
Eld orad o, sharp, this sale only 
$4488. '73 Cadillac Sedon Deville, 
S3,OOO m ile s, full pow er, a ir, cruise, tape deck, premium tires, 
$3288. ‘71 Sedan Deville, cream puff, S2888. *75 O lds Toronado, white on white, red oecenf stripe, low m iles, like new, $4981. -74 
Olds, 98 Luxury Coupe, every ex­ tra, a steal of $3988. M any outers to choose from. M ost carry I year or 12,ooo miles warrantee. Titles guaranteed, finance no problem, 
D J D u n lap M otors, *17 B ro a d ­ way, 227-2873. 

C A M A R O 1972 
A ssum e Balance-Low Paym ents 
Call Herb or Eddie 225-79*9 
‘75 bam aro. Exceptionally goad cond. Stereo tape unit, power, 6 
CVI. 455-o212; 456-4o15. 
‘74 Com oro, fully equipped, low miles. $4495-341-1424 
1975 C A M A R O . Like new. 28,ooo miles 824-9545, 495-8o56 
‘67 Com oro R S needs point, 59,ooo miles, auto. $795- 654-1ooo 
‘72 Cantaro. Sharp! V-8, autom a­ tic, air. S2495 432-2644, 432 2«6P 
•68 Com oro SS, runs good, needs body work, $6oo. 4S4-4o88. 
‘75 C A M A R O , take up paym ents, call 924-6671 
'68 C A M A R O V-8, automatic $895 
6o14 So. Flores 

EXPRESS ANO NEWS 

Com oro -74 VS, power, outo, am- fm , 2o m pg, m u st se ll $445o. 
8266672 or 824-5631. . 
‘74 C a p rice C lassic . E x c e lle n t cond. S329o. 684-o643 or 484-2854. 

734 • CHEVROLET 
!734 CHEVROLET 

'75 C A P R IC E 4-door hardtop. All 
E X T R A S ! 
B v O w n e r. C a ll: 
69o-8378 after 6: p.m. 

'74 C H E V Y M onte Carlo, extra clean, all pow er, fa c to ry air, 
$2795. 9Q°bfinancing availab le , call 224-441o 
'71 Caprice good condition, new tires, black 4 dr, power, air, $9oo or best otter. 492-2o46 
C H E V Y Monte Carlo, '71. power, automatic, air. $995.9o°. financing available, call 224-441o 
'65 C hevelle 6 sta n d a rd , ru n s good, $375 . 684-4433 atter 5 pm 
‘76 C h e w M a n ia 2+2, air excel­ lent, $35oo 349-4923 att 5 
6S Chevelle Super Sport, 2 dr V-8 
Automatic, 922-3838 
'72 Chevy Novo 4-door, auto air 
$1o95 432-2644, 432-266o 
75 C hevelle W agon 
B u c k e ts, console, tilt wheel, cruise, power, auto, air. 534-2535 828-o266 
‘74 C H E V Y Nova, silver. Loaded low mi. E xce lle n t, call J e sse 
S265o. 349-6593 
•49 Chevelle W agon Air, power, very clean $995. 344 8577, or after 
5: 341-74o2. 
65 Chevy SS, all original, excel­ lent cond, atter 5 pm, 534-3)23. 
73 C H E V E L L E W a go n , a ir, power $155o. call Toter, 734 4613 
Chevy, ‘69 wagon, 327 eng, good gas mileage, VISO 826-o574 
69 Chevy W agon 9 pass., auto., power Air needs work 657-1633. 

1977 Chevette Hatchback 4-speed. 
8,ooo miles. 344-33oo. 342-66o5 
44 Chevrolet, good m echanical condition, $295. Call 653-9612 
•76 Im pala, air, am -tm 8 track stereo, no equity, assume. 
923-44o5. 
73 C h e vro le t Im p a la W a go n . 
$2,195 333-3362 
69 IM P A L A custom coupe, must see and drive. $795 494-5313 
1974 Chevrolet Im p a la 4-door 
1-owner in perfect con dition. 
344-33oo, 342-64o5 
‘74 IM P A L A , 4 door, loaded, am- fm stereo. 655-544o 
1964 Chevrolet station wagon. One owner. 2937 Roosevelt 
'73 IM P A L A 4 door hardtop VS, air, St495 656-o268 
76 CHEVY S398o 
Air, auto, iike new! 435-1641 
73 IMPALA S1o8o 
D R IV E S G O O D 3515 C U L E B R A 
69 im pala, V-8, power steering, air, auto, good tires, ru n s real good J42-2589 

•73 Chevy Caprice 2-dr , 454 eng. 
Fully equipped. $175o. 227-5812 or 
342-9473. 
‘74 C H E V Y C A P R IC E C la ssic . 
White vin yl top. Loaded, clean 
$2495. Canyon Lake <1)935-2117 

•72 K in g sw o o d E sta te Station 
Wagon. New engine, new tires, 
AM -FM , all power. $1ooo or best offer. See J a c k M itc h e ll C a r- 
Land. 923-77o7 . 
‘74 C h e v y C ustom . E x c e lle n t cond. Sacrifice. $2495. 473-o997 atter 5. 
1974 M A L IB U C LA SSIC . Blue with white v in y l top. L o a d e d ! 981o 
Evening Way, 655-3156 
•74 C H E V Y Estate wagon, 9 pas­ senger, take up payments, call 
924-6671 
1974 M A L IB U C la s s ic 2-door hardtop 326-9565, 695 8o56 
•69 Chevy Im pala. 4-dr , pow er brakes, air. $45o. 828-6667. 
'76 M alibu Classic, 24,ooo miles, auto, air, e xce lle n t condition, 
54ooo 658-7674 atter 5 pm. 
1974 C h e w im pala Custom 2-door hardtop. 826-9565, 695 8o56 
‘74 Chevy Im pala 4-dr. Loaded 
Sacrifice! $165o. 533-337o. 
‘73 Malibu, 2 door. VS, auto, power steering, brakes. 44,ooo mi. AM . I owner $22oo 822-3987 
47 Chevy Impala. $65o F o r de tails call: 922-8o75. 
’74 Monte Carlo, m ust sell, air 
Like new, owner. $2,95o 494-7377 
C h e v y ‘73 I Im p a la , a ir, im - i maculate. $14oo 656-3288 
‘73 M onte C a rlo L a n d a u 
A ir, pow er, A M - F M ste re o . D a r k brown, beige vinyl top. Excellent condition $245o. 653-2356. 
74 Chew Monte Carlo 
L A N D A U . Fully loaded! 
.. $3489 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D SO U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW Military 922-6317 

74 Monte Carlo, air, power, auto, 
A M 8 -tra c k, lik e new , low mileage, $34oo. 655-8998 after 6 

’73 C H E V Y M O N T E C A R L O $235o 
A IR , 
AUTO. 
E X T R A 
N IC E ! 
435-1641 

•71 Monte Carlo. F u lly loaded, good cond. $15oo cash. 341-8347. 
1973 Monte Carlo. Loaded. Extro 
Sharp $21oo, 684-38oo 
IHT NUMBLY TU C A II 
IS 225-1666 
EXPRI55 ANO NEWS 
1971 Monte Carlo. Fully loaded! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

CADILLAC 

BUY A PRE-OWNED 
NON-ENERGY TAXABLE 
CADILLAC 
ONE Of THE TOF RATINGS IN THE 
EPA LUXURY CAR MILAGE CHARTS 
3 1 7 L E X IN G T O N 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST ’77, 76, 
75 and 74 MODELS 

7 7 
COUPE DeVIUE 
Burgondy s . . 
- c n 
Burgundy l l , 4 > U 
, 
_ SEDAN DeVllLE s - . 
77 Terncoto White 11,45o 
76 S t i v e r . ‘1o,25o 
76 Rtd-Red 
S985o 
7 6 “ 
! 
‘965o 

, , , COUPE OeVlllE s a x r n 
76 Beige Serge 
945o 

, — , CALAIS Sedan 
S T A C H 
/ O Gold-Brown........... / o 5 U 

’ T C 
S T O C H 
75 Blue Blue 
795o, 
I ’j r BROUGHAM 
S Q 7 o H 
/ J Rosewood-White. 
o / Y U 

SEDAN DeVIUE i 7 o c n 
I J Oronge-White— 
I i J U 
SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ 5 Green-White 
, 7 C SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ J Silver-Silver . 
, , r COUPE DeVILLE 
I J White-White 
, _ c COUPE DeVILLE 
/ 3 Wbite-8urgandy 
CALAIS Sedan 
Yellow-Black___ 
ELDORADO 
Red W h ite..... 
EIDORADO 
Gold-White.. 
. 
EIOORAOO 
Blue W hite..... 
BROUGHAM 
Yellow Block 
.. 

75 
75 
73 
73 
73 
OTHER MAKES 
76 

 s699o 
‘699o 
‘699o 
749o 
‘645o 
‘599o 
‘475o 
‘465o 
‘465o 

75 
76 

1 7 5 
[75 

7 4 

I 74 
74 

Continental 
Kii’lre.n'l o,49o 

OLDS Cutlass Salon 
Blue-White 
.56 9o 
PONTIAC Cran Prix 
Block-White 
BUICK lint , 
Brown-Beige 
. 
OlDS Cutlass 
Blue-White ..... 
BUICK Electro 
Yellow-Yellow 
.. 
MAZDA 
Blue. 
BUICK Riviera 
Brown-Brown . . . 

‘569o 
‘619o 
‘4375 
‘425o 
‘2495 
‘445o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RI ATA or 2274282 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p e n M on.-Fri. I A .M . 
To 6 P.M . 
Sat. 8 A .M . to 4 P.M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 

7 7 K A C S -1 2 
NOVA COUPE 

★ VINYL INTERIOR AND CARPETING 
★ TINTED GLASS AN D WINDSHIELD ANTENNA 
★ 25o CID-L6 ENGINE AND STANDARD 
TRANSM ISSION 
★ POWER STEERING * BODY SIDE MOLDING 
* FULL WHEEL COVERS ★ RADIAL ★ STEEL 

BELTED WHITEWALLS 
LIMITED OFFER SALE 

 the little cheeper dealer 
= 2 9 2 6 , 2 9 2 1 , 3 o 2 3 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 
924-2311 

 m CHEVROLET 

7 6 Nova, std, 6 cyl, air, power, 
9,ooo mi. 836oo. 924-97o1__________ 
‘74 Nova. Toke over paym ents, i 
Coll: 927-7755 atter 4. 

735 - CHRYSLER 
735 CHRYSLER 

73 Nova. 35o, VS, 53,ooo mi. Air, 
A M -F M stereo. 533-o755 atter $. 
Take over payments, no equity '73 
N O V A 
Call: 
824-76o6 after 
7: 
494-5734 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No. M ain Boerne 249-3566 
D IR E C T L IN E : 226-5515 
1976 Chrysler cordoba 

1968 New Y o rke r, pow er, a ir, good tires, good o v e ra ll cond, 
S775. 6o11 Wlndhawen. 656-1o17 

T a k e O v e r P a y m e n ts on '75 
N O VA. No Equity. 222-o986, D en­ nis, nites: 654-4321 

736 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

71 Charger, vinyl, 8 track, m ags, 
-- - r - - - Loaded!: power, air, nice. $1,5oo. $12-978o 
$4975-1976 Plymouth O ran Fury: atter 5 
Custom 4-door Sedan. $3975. Low m ileage 
655-4983 
New car w arranty 

T a k e O v e r P a y m e n ts on ‘75 
C A M A R O . NO Equity. 222 o986, 
D aims, nites 656-4321 

734 ■ CHEVROLET 

7 t MONTE CARLO 
Excellent. $1295-435-1641_________ 
73 Monte Carlo S, swivel bucket seats, tape deck, regular gas, just 

73 M O N T E C A R LO 
Loaded, $2495, 696-o8o4 
75 Monza Town Coupe VB, power 

E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

T R A D E O R S E L L ! '65 Chevy SS. 
2-dr., 327, auto., 12 bit rear. B u ck­ et seats, needs work. 2349 Ben rus: 432-9669, ask for Pick. 
'73 Vega GT, Hatch, New Paint, and Engine 885o. 494-5354________ 
'72 V ega G T Hatchback. 4-spd , new tires and battery. Factory air. 8995. 653-4649_______________ 
72 V E G A G T 327 4 speed. $15oo or best offer. 673-7823.______________ 
'75 Vega G T Sport Wagon. 4 spd, am-fm, air, luggage rack, excel lent condition, red, white interior 
527oo. 349-1o79 ofter 6pm. 

7 2 C h ry sle r New port Custom . 
Fully loaded. $125o. 333-5o15. 
7 3 C h rysle r Newport. Air. A tf- 
F M ‘ fadiq|5, $135o. Coll: 655-6833. 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LOOP 41o at Cuiebra 
___________184-461o_____________ 
‘48 Chrysler Stationwagon, $S95, will finance. 654-o94o 
'75 Cordoba. Low mileage, excel­ lent cond. $4195 or make offer 
653-o296 evenings.________ 
75 C O R D O B A , low m ile a g e 

 fl> 62*-1378 loadedNe* 8 r » « "te 's 

•75 Coronet Brougham 4 dr, vinyl top, am-fm auad with tape deck, air, power, 318 VS, law mileage, extra clean. 655-4473. 
74 Dart Swinger. 6 cyl, good gas, excellen t cond, loaded. R e ta il 
$275o; will take $2495. 494-6333 
7o Dodge Challenger RT, 383, v-8, auto. $995, 344-31oo 
69 D O O G E C H A R G E R , Auto, 
$ooo Call 653-2o54 ah 6pm 
6V Dodge Charger R T 44o m ag nom VS, 4 spd, excellent running cond. $1o25. 342-1o53. 
‘69 D O D G E C h a rg e r, 2-d oor hardtop, auto, power, air $695. 
Financing available 224-44)o 

'72 Vega Hatchback. Std., radio, hooter. Good transportation $6oo 
924-8o95. 
__________________ 
'74 V E G A H A T C H B A C K $1195 
A IR , AUTO , C L E A N 435-1641 

E S T A T E D IS P O S A L 
1968 C h rysle r New Yorker, Ail 
Pow er, Air, Low Mileage, M u st 
Sell This Weekend, 318 Elizabeth 
RU. $125o or Best O ffer__________ 
JA C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
581o SA N P E D R O 
732-8211 

1 975 
D o d g e Colt. 
3o 
M P G . 
52,ooo-423-5219 .____________ 
76 Dodge Coronet Wagon, 36o V-8, air, radio, power, cruise control and more, $3495. 734-51o1, SA M to 
6PM. 
68 Dodge Coronet. 4-dr., 8 CVI., air, auto. $595 344-2924; 43S-74o8. 
CAU. 225 1666 

MBS 
IMr n r n r n 

2 LINES $ 
I O DAYS 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCEUABU 
WITHOUT 
BATT CHANG* 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73B 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOCILES 
738 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

S a n A n t o n i o T X P R E S b - N E W S — M u n d a y M a y 2 2 I 9 7 7 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

MR 
P a g e 2 3 -D 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 

GILLESPIE FORD 
GRANADA SALE 

NEW '77 
GRANADA 

4-d r. 

Stock # 3 15 6 
OVER 8© 
GRANADAS 
IN STOCK 

$ t 
R 
A 
o 
o d o w n m 
C A S H O R T R A D E 

Cash Price of $48o7 with $188.oo down on approved credit for 48 montts of $123.14 per month. Annual percentage rate 12.68, deferred price $6o98.22. State tax, license ex­ cluded. Slock #3156. 

Air Conditioned 

Automatic Transmission 

Power Steering 

25o CID 6 Cylinder 

Whitewalls 

Tinted Class 
Wheel Covers 

MISSION CHEVROLET 
USED CAR SPECIALS 

M E C H A N IC A L IN S U R A N C E A V A IL A B L E 
O N M O S T C A R S . 1 2 M O N T H S O R 
1 2 , o o o M IL E S . G E T D E T A IL S . 

'76 PONTIAC H U N S AM SS o JU tnwrminwn power 
»t eer-ng. pc 

Vt, 

*re«»mi»»ton. power steering, power brake*, air conditioned, radio, white tidewalt*. AM-98* tape, power door tach*, cruise control, tilt wkrsl power windows, special wheels and white raised tires.s pecie! wneeis one w n ire raison crees, c r a rs e 
V I,5 o o m ites................................................................ 5895 
White saddle interior 
V-o, 
7 6 CORVETTE out, marie transm ission, pow ar steering, power brakes, orc conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, AM /TM stereo, tilt wheel, I $.ooo m ite*.................................... 
8 1 9 5 

7 6 VEGA NOM AD W A G O N S E I T X . C 
4 cylinder, 3-speed, rodio, moo wheats, J,8oo .n n n r miles, still tinder warranty...................................................* VV 5 
■ 7 , A in e Oelta Royale Convertible blue with white 
/ J U t V J top, VS outomotlc transmission, power steeling, power brokes, air conoirioned, radio, t white sidewalls, 19,9oo miles............................... 
7 5 DODGE DART COUPE 
(ondirion#d, radio, white $»«<( 

2 3 1 1 B ro a d w a y — 2 2 7 -1 4 1 5 
74 GRAND Torino, 4 door......................... 
71 IMPALA, 2 door ..................................... 
7o VOLKSWAGEN, 2 door ......................... 
72 GALAXIE 5oo, 4 door ............................ 
'73 BUICK Electra 225, 4 door .................. 
'74 PINTO Runabout................................... 
73 PINTO Squire Station Wagon ............. 
'76 PINTO Squire Runabout ...................... 
'74 CHEVY Vega, 2 door hatchback ....... 
'72 TOYOTA, 2 door..................................... 
'74 CHEVY Monte Carlo, 2 door .............. 
7 5 BUICK Century Luaus, 2 door............. 
'74 PONTIAC LeMans GT, 2 door............. 
'69 CHEVY Nova, 4 door 
'73 AMC Station Wagon 
'71 TORINO, 4 door ....... 

2 7 5 5 S .W . M ilita ry D rive — 9 2 3 -4 5 4 1 

'7o AMC Rebel, 2 door................................. ‘ 1295 
'72 CHEVROLET Caprice, 4 door................ ‘ 1895 
'72 VEGA Hatchback......................................‘ 895 
'74 GALAXIE 5oo, 4 door ........................... ‘2595 
'73 CHEVROLET Caprice, 4 door................ ‘2595 
'75 BUICK Electra 225, 4 door .................. ‘4995 
'73 CHEVROLET Impala, 4 door................ ‘ 1995 
'73 CHEVROLET Monte Carlo..................... ‘3395 
'67 GALAXIE 5oo, 4 door .............................‘ 1295 
'69 FORD E-1oo Cargo v an ........................ ‘ 1895 
75 FORD F-25o Pickup............................... ‘3395 
'75 FORD F-1oo Explorer Pickup .............. ‘4395 

'66 CHEVROLET Pickup................................>895. 
'74 DODGE Trandesmon V a n .................... ‘3395 
'69 DATSUN Pickup......................................1 895 

2 o 1 4 G o l i a d R o a d — 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 

'71 PINTO, 4 cylinder standard, as is .......1 895 
'75 PINTO. 4 cylinder standard. 2o OOO miles......................................................... 
'75 FORD LTD, 4 door, loaded.................... ‘3995 
'76 FORD Elite, 2 doer, air, power, stereo ‘5295 
'75 FORD F-15o Explorer Pickup, air, po w er.......................................................4895 
'76 FORD E-25o Club Waaon 
12-passenger ..........................................‘7295 

'75 FORD F-1oo Custom, air, V-8, power ‘3495 
'72 FORD F-1oo Sport Custom, air, automatic ............................................... ’2695 
'74 GRAN Torino, 2 door, air, power ...... ‘2995 
'73 FORD G alaxie 5oo, 4 door, air, power 
(special).................................................... ‘1195 
'71 FORD F-1oo Explorer, air pow er..........‘ 1895 
'76 CHEVROLET Cheynne Super Pickup, loaded 
(special)....................................................‘4595 
'73 LINCOLN Town Sedan, loaded 
(special)....................................................’3o95 
. '77 FIREBIRD, loaded....................................>5495 

1722 Austin Highway— 826-3287 

'73 FORD LTD 4-door 
................ 
'71 FORD Galaxie 5oo 4-door........ 
'72 CHEVY Pickup ............................. 

'76 GRAND PRIX'hardtop ..................... 
'75 GRAN TORINO 2-door hardtop...... 
'73 GRAN TORINO Sauire Waaon ....... 

'75 INTERNATIONAL SCOUT 4 x 4 ........ 
'74 BUICK REGAL 4-door ....................... 
68 LINCOLN CONTINENTAL 2-door 

7 4 FORD Explorer Pickup ....................... 
'73 GMO Sprit Pickup........................ ..... 
'74 FORD Ranger Pickup ........................ 
7 4 DATSUN (Stupe 
.......................... 
'73 OLDS 88 4-ddor 
............... 
'71 FORD Pickup & Camper Cover ...... 

Geld. automatic transmiction, air ifowails 
.................. 
’75 MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN f c & X y . X h 
V-8. c»u*omatic tran»mi»»ian, pow*, starring, pow ar brakes, ait conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, trait* control, tilt wheel 
.......... , . 
75 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
C l 
V# outemetk pow»t 

’ 3495 

 p o w er brakes, sidewall*......... conditioned, radio, 

‘238o 
‘145o 
‘ 1878 

TRUCK & JEEP DEPT. 
2 4 1 1 BROADWAY — 
2 2 7 -1 4 1 9 

'73 JEEP WAGONEER, 4 wheel drive, 8 auto, I air, power, (nice) ................................. ‘3997 
'73 JEI-PWAGONEER, 4 wheel drive, 8, auto, air, p o w er.............................................. ‘2998 
7 5 JEE? CHEROKEE, 4 wheel drive, 8, auto, air, power, ..................................................... ‘4486J 
'75 JEEP J-2o, ii ton, 4 wheel drive, 8, 4 j speed cower steerinc;, power brakes ‘44*72 J 
'76 JEEP Cj7, 2 door. 8‘ auto, white hardtop’ J 
5 3/9 ..................................................... ‘5379 

'76 JEEP CJ7. 2 door 8, auto, radio, heater,! power steering, wnite hardtop, 4,ooo miles! 
................................ 
‘59861 
17 JEEP CUSTOM Wagoneer, 4 wheel drive, 8,1 auto, air, power, 7,ooo miles .............. ‘7999! 

’75 FORD GRAND TORINO SEDAN SST bei^e vmyt top, V8, automata tran&mUiion, 
*_ po'wtir bruke*, ®*r conditioned, walls. 
• 

'75 MALIBU CLASSIC W A G O N 
•,**#! 
VS, automatic transmission, power 
.tsarina, power brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewall* 
.......... t • 
'7/1 DC! AID c m h ii broose, V I, automatic tra- 
/ 4 DCI AIK M l/A N nemission, power steering, power brakes, ai. conditioned ladio, white sidewalls, LOW MILEAGE........................................... 

7 4 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE wit!? white vinyl top, V-8, automatic, pawn, steering, power btakes, ai. conditioned, radio, white sidewalls..a anr bucket seats, console............................................ 
J 4 V J 

7 4 N O V A SS COUPE the floor, bucket seats, y n x n f 
AM. EM Tape............................................................................ 2495 
7 4 NL’ VA COUPE mission, radio, whit® tide- 

7 3 FORD GRAND TORINO VS, automatic irCiMsmi^ion, power power broket, conditioned, radio, whit® sidewalls, new fir®*. 
73 CORVETTE T TOP V8, automatic transmisfian, pawer steering. power brakes, air conditianad. radio, white sidewalls, tilt wheat, rally wheels................ 
5895 

7 6 G RANADA COUPE S r . “S L S ! fiord transmission, radio, white sidewall.. . 
'76 BUICK REGAL C O U P E R A S T C *" # automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, air conditioned, white sidewalls, AM/EM radio, tape........................................................ 

7 6 N O V A COUPE transmission 

’ 3995 

'3695 

’2495 

’2295 

’3295 

4995 

YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” 
GILLESPIE® 

2 3 o o B ro a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 
2 3 1 1 B ro a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 5 
2 4 1 1 B ro a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 9 
2 7 5 5 S .W . M ilita r y • 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 
2 o 1 4 G o lia d R o a d • 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 
1 7 2 2 A u s tin H w y . • 8 2 6 - 3 2 8 7 

 power steering, power brakes, sidewalls, nice................... roMd*t*onrid, r a d io , w h ite $ 

74 MUSTANG ll conditioned, radio, white side 
3895 
4 speed air 
• * ‘2295 
'7 4 f A M ARO Co*,per' V8- "Utonsoftc transmission 
’ T V H H IH h y power steering power brakes air s conditioned, white sidewalls. A M /'** 
*— - 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 

,s ■% 
... y .V, 
-) y.v* 

/TM r a d io , (n p n 
7 4 N O V A COUPE dord transmission, air con­ ditioned, radio, new white sidewalls. . . . . . . 
74 N O V A COUPE dot” 7 white sidewalls................ 
'74 N O V A COUPE missis 

A, Silver, VS. transmission, lion- radio, 

V8, standard trans­ mission, radio, white side- 

B M 
North Star Dodge 
THE COMPARISON DEALER 

7 3 IMPALA SEDAN transits! 

3995 

’ 2695 

‘2295 

’ 2295 
VB, automatic transmission, power steer sUevvallk°r brok"*' oir conditioned, rodio, white > 2 2 9 5 

2495 P 

 gBSSCi^!53E!5!gSS!gS555SH8SS55ISS^^^^ 
•> 

Cutlass Supreme 4 Door 
Diploma! 4 Door 
We urge you to compare the Olds Cutlass Supreme 4- door to the Diplomat 4-door. Dodge...The Comparison 

73 FORD GRAN TORINO W A G ON 
Bronte, 
VS automatic transmission, pow em white^d p°^Jer oir conditioned, radio 

72 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME S t e T V8 transmission, power steering, power brakes, oir to t n r conditioned, radio, white sidewalls....................... 
/ I Y J 
'69 IMPALA COUPE mission, power steerina. power b sidewalls. 
.. .. power steering. 
P,°.'*'*r brakes, air conditioned, radio, white J1295 
’Top dollar pai d for clean cars. 
See us if you h a v e one to sell. 
M I S S I O N 

< I I H 
T I I O 
I J K 
T 
P H O N E 
I 2 o o S.E. M ilita r y 
924-2311 
I MI#1 
UU1 
W 1 M P I 1 l l MU Ii ii I IM jiFlilgw 

NEW HOMES IN 
NOU TH WEST SAN 
A N T O N I O 
C O M IN G S O ON 

ANo1HER FINE 
RAY ELLISON 
COMMUNITY 
681-3o2o 

1976 CADILLAC 
EL DORADO 
• FULLY EQUIPPED 
! *925o 

4 9 4 - 2 3 5 4 

J 
I 341-7843 
\ 
I \ Sunday only 
/ 

 i 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

BUICK 
.w . _ 
^ _ I h*i fill asfut t latin m utt cha 
- _ ___ — 
’ 7 A D I I I T I / ^ rtra , boded, *«lia (latin, mutt tee 
ZU BUICK lo appiBtialB . 

7 6 BUICK 
Cullom teSobiB H dr, automolk, air, ower Silver Metallic................. n it t r u kegal coupe, auioimilk, air, power, V S 
I A BUICK bargain priced Stir * Bv 1o/A....... 
’7o B lu rt/ 1 eritutiori 4 dr hardtop, automatic, air, 
/ J B U IC K power steering, rodio, 29,ooo actual miles, beautiful Burgundy, Beige top, vinyl interior 
'TA Dimers A loaded, stereo, beautiful color, 
/ u K IV ItK A I owner............................. 
.-j7 DCA Al Landau, automatic, air, power 
/ / KL tx A I steering, cruise rnntroi, chrome wheels, low mileage .............................. r f r n ifs f Cutlass loupe, automatic, nu, pawer, 
/ J U L U J good color, clean car............. . r m o n iiiy i/ leSubte, automatic, air, power steering, 
o o BUICK .lean tai................................... 
’TA D A L IT IA r l,mni* t>M*' “atomntn. an, 
1 A rV /N llA C powet, beautiful two tone tun, double dunked................. ............... 
’TO D llir i/ >i,v'*ra> automatic, on, power, Bunks 
I S B U IC K finest sport cor « 66/SA............ 
’ TO DI I l r u {en,ury * dr, automatic, an, power, 
I O BUICKthorougnly double-checked, * AZO I SB 
, f m /-I l r \/d A l ET *ol’dHU hardtop roupe. auto 
/ J C H k V K U Lt I matit, ab, power, light blue, 

*1795 

*4695 

'3495 

'3195 

'6895 

'5995 
'4495 
'1395 

'3995 

'3295 
'2695 

'4195 bargain price . 
SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 
SOI BROADW AY A OPEN EVENINGS a 226-1369 m 
* n t 
« r i m 
T i t t i i M 

ONE OF A KIND 
By original owner, 1975 fleet- wood Brougham De flegance — 
I every option available except sunroof PIUS new steel belted radials, (B radio with retractable antenna, cassette rape playtr and regulate from inside the tar adjustable air shocks lest than 
24,ooo actual miles, flawless condition 
Trades considered 
S899S 
494-6839 or 656 -1 3 13 

KXXX3E 

 car. 

Diplomat 4J>oor 
THE ENGINE Standard engine 318-2 V-8 with Electronic 
Lean-Burn System. 

BUMPER PROTECTION Standard dual front bumper rub strips. Standard rear bumper guards. 

TH E TRANSMISSION Standard automatic transmission. 

GAUGES & ODOMETER Standard alternator and 
Temperature GAUGES. Standard trip odometer. 

THE ROOF Standard full padded vinyl roof. 

INTERIOR LIGHTING Standard ashtray light. 

WHEEL COVERING Standard deluxe wheel covers. 

SEAT BELTS standafd color-keyed seat belts. 

TAPE STRIPING Standard lower deck tape stripe. 

Cutlass Supreme 4-Door 

Standard engine is 231-2 V-6. A 26o V-8 engine is available at $8o.oo extra. 

A single front bumper rub strip is standard. Rear bumper guard not available. 

Manual transmission standard. Automatic transmission costs 
$282.oo extra. 

Temperature gauge is part of a $37.oo package. Trip odome­ ter is optional for S II. 

Full vinyl roof costs $ 111 OO extra. It has no padding 

Ashtray light is part of a $34.oo package. 

Deluxe wheel covers cost $34.oo extra. 

Color-keyed seat belts cost $16.oo extra. 

Lower deck tape stripe not available. 
North Star Dodge 

7 2 4 2 S a n P e d ro 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 1 
OPEN WEEK DAYS UNTIL 9 P.M. 

NEW CAR TRADE 

Runabout, Automatic, 
7 5 PINTO a k ............................... 

. — . 
Celico 2 Door, Standard 
7 5 TOYOTA with Ai,...................... 

. . . # • ■ 
. > 
* « 
Z-28, Automatic, Air 

/ 3 CAMARO Condition...................................... 

Voters 4 Door, 7,ooo 
7 6 PLYMOUTH Milos. Power and Ak .. 

C W , 
. A 
. , . . re « r s •* 
AM -fM , All Power 
76 COUGAR XR-7 o n d A ir ... 
I Ii Powf;r and 
7 6 MONTE CARLO a i,, n u . ..................... 

Automatic, Air, 
7 3 PINTO 
3S,OOO Miles ....................................... 

 c c . 
. . . . 
4 Door, Automatic, Air, 
74 AMC HORNET 3 2 ,o o o Mites......... 

, _ . 
2 + 2 HATCHBACK, 
76 MUSTANG 
Standard, Air, AM f M . . . . 

, _ . 
Automatic, Air, 
7 2 MUSTANG row., ................... 

Granada, 2 Door, Automatic, 

7 5 F O R D Air, Power Steering, Vinyl Top------ 

_ _____ __ ^ . . . . Brougham, 2 Door, 
75 MONTEGO MX AM -FM Stereo, Tope, 

All Power and Air, Vinyl R o o f 
................ 

 f i r A *n A x i lorina. Wagon, All Power 
75 GRAN o n d A ir................................................... 

INS 

'2675 

'3385 

'3675 

'4685 

'4875 

'4975 

'1988 

'1988 

'2388 

'2288 

'3288 

'3888 

'3588 

CASH FOR 
YOUR CAR 
TOP PRICE PAID FOR 
CUAN USED CARS A TRUCKS 
• 
* ; ANY MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADW AY i f , . . . . , . 2 2 7 - 5 o 4 1 
LINCOLN 

L IN C O L N M A R K IV , 1974. E x tra clean, looded $S49S 
5411 SAN P E D R O 
734 4613 
•73 L IN C O L N M A R K IV , c le a n , su nroo f blue, w h ite in te rio r, top. new ra d ia ls . 
J4V5o 
4 M 6 1 5 7 ; 
224-o791 
M A R K IV 'Ii. L oa de d , e x c e lle n t co n d itio n C a ll: 453-7171 
7 3 M a rk IV 
39,ooo n il, lo a d e d 
W holesale o r tra d e . 658-3856 
74 M A R K IV S ilv e r 
L u x u ry . A ll L u x u rio u s o p tio n s . 
E x c e lle n t co n d itio n low m ile a g e , by ow ner. 681-o199 

739 MERCURY 

MO OLDSMOBILE 

’75 C utlass S up re m e , loaded, m u st sell and w ill h elp fin an ce. C a ll A rt 
699-3434 

* i r i r ' k i f k i r i r i t ' k 
' k i t 

V *I 

7 6 C u tla ss S u p re m e A b s o lu te ly n ew c o n d itio n a n d a p p e a ra n c e . 
B v o w n e r. 497 I J76 
1975 C utlass S uprem e, sh ow roo m cle an c o n d itio n , lo w m l a ll e x tra s , 
S4.49S 534 1/77 

C o lo n y P a rk , 7 2 , b la c k 
B est In to w n , L o a d e d . B e s t o fte r o v e r 
$2ooo N ote 655-4167 
‘ 73 C o m e t. 4 c y lin d e r . $ 18 95 . 
»24 7223, 9 to 5 o r 534-3584 S unday 

74 C utlass S up re m e 'I d r h a rd to p , low m l, a m tap e d eck, m o n y ex- 
Ira . $33oo I 625 3o58_______________ 
74 C utlass S up re m e , la n d a u ro o f, b u c k e t se ats, m a g w h e e ls , v e ry clean. 734-4917 a n y tim e 

7 6 Com et, 4 d r, p ow e r, a ir, ro d io , a u to 673 o547 925-2o57 

64 C om et e x c e lle n t b od y, m o to r, tire s a ir ; needs fro n t end w o rk . 
$25o 732 1529 
_____ 

7 2 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E C o n ­ v e rtib le , A u to m a tic , p o w e r s te e r­ ing, b ra k e s , console. $285o. C a ll: 
M anuel 341 5571 

7 3 C o ug a r, b u c k e ts , co nso le , a u ­ to m a tic , a ir, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
$1995 435 1441 

7 7 C u tla s s S u p re m e V4, p o w e r, I a ir , a m - tm s te r e o , 2 d r , to w , m ilea g e, $5ooo 435 7o38 

75 C o u g a r, lo a d e d . 15.ooo m i. 
$45oo, w ill tro d e . 653 3883 
7 4 C O U G A R X R 7 , a ir , c ru is e , stereo, 8 tra c k , new steel ra d ia ls . 
$41 SO. 491-18o1 

18 U s e d Tru cks to ch o o se fro m 

NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
OPEN SUNDAY 
341-oo4o 

7 4 C o u g a r X R 7 , f u lly lo a d e d , p o w e r seats, su n ro o f, a m in i s te r­ eo tape, 17,ooo m iles, th e rm o s ta t a ir a nd heat, c ru is o m a tic , e xce l- | le n t cond. 
$4ooo, m u tt sell 
342 4749 

75 C u tla s s S u p r e m e $378o 
P O W E R , W IN D O W S , S E A T S ,! 
B R A K E S , S T E E R IN G . C R U IS E , 
C O N TR O L R A D IA L S . 435-1441 
7 o C U T LA S S S U P R E M E , 33,ooo m i I-o w n e r 922-2724 _____________ 
'68 C u tla s s V -8 , a u to a ir S595{ 
432-2644, 432 266o 
7 5 D e lta R o y a le . F u lly lo a d e d . 
P n c e d to s e ll! $3295 828 34o4 

74 C o u g a r x » -7 . L o a d e d . T a k e o v e r p a ym e n ts o r S5ooo 534 1439 

7o M a lib u 2dr h a rd to p 
K IN N E Y M O TO R S 
3928 B ro a d w a y 
828-2213 

7 5 D elta 88 R o y a l*. Top cond., a ll p ow e r, a ir, alee, w in d ow s. C ruise c o n tro l, e tc 
19,75o m ile s . H a v e new c o r. B est re a s o n a b le o fte r 
696-7585 

76 M A R K IV . d e s ig n e r p a cka g e , m u s t sell w ill h elp fin a n c e . C a ll 
A rt. 699-3434 
'76 M a rq u is , d a r k b ro w n , le ss th a n 13,ooo m iles, 2 d r, m a n y e x ­ t r a s , m u s t see to a p p r e c ia te , 
$4995 
226 78o9; 
684-5773 O ile r 5 pm 

75 M a r q u is . 4 - d r ., v t n y l to p , p ow e r, a ir, A M -F M ste re o S445o. 
658-4o78 a tte r 5 p m ,_______________ 

737 * FORD 

74 M A R Q U IS W A G O N 
$2675 
684-2192 

736 DODGE 
737-FORD 

I i Dodge D a rt C ustom 4 d r, s la n t 
4. a ir, auto, $2995 826-5788. 
74 Dodge b a r t V d r ,'s lo n t 6, a i r I 
$215o COH: 624-27oo; a fte r 4:3o: 
496-4572______________________________ 
74 Dodge D a rt 318, p o w e r, o m -fm 
8 tra c k . 653-4721.__________ 
, 
197o D odge D a rt S w in g e r, a u to , a ir, pow er, clean. 494 5625. j 

65 Dodge M onaco. V8, a uto ., a it/ 
Dower, e xcellen t. 5695. 458-3424 

; 
7 o D O DG E M O N A C O 
Loaded. $825. 696-o8o4 

C o nve rtib le 71 T o rin o G T . Show­ room co nd itio n. $21oo-Bv o w n e r. 
349 3441 
7 6 E lite , lo ad e d, m u s t se ll. W ill finance, 
C all 
M r 
L a n c a s te r. 
699-3434 

‘69 F a irlo n e W agon. F u ll p o w e r. 
Best o fte r. C oll 349-4688 

7 4 F o rd C lu b W a g o n , l-w -b , I p a s s e n g e r, * * T , r e g u la r g a s , heavy d u ty p a c k a g e , a ll p o w e r, e x c e lle n t c o n d ., le s t th a n b lu e book re ta il. 684-7o46 

D O D G E , '48, Needs b o d y , g lass 
-Iw o rk . $4oo. 496-3426 a n y tim e 

•7 2 Dodge P o lo ro e x c e lle n t, lo ad 
;ed, cru ise c o n tro l $14oo 344-732o 
PTO D o d g e s ta tio n w a g o n , a ir cond., p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b ro k e s , i 
A u to m a tic , lo w m ile a g e . G o o d 
'c o n d itio n . $8So. 674-Q4S8.___________ i 

■73 F o rd C ustom $oo, 4 d r, a uto , a ir, p o w e r, e x c e lle n t co nd , m u s t sell. $1395, by o w n e r. 684-84o3. 
1974 F o rd E tlf* , o ir, p o w e r, clean, 
$3,25o. 653-453o eves. 

737 FORD 

71 F o rd T B ird 4 d a o ^ V -S T a u w I a ir. 
S h a rp ! 
$1o95 
432-2644. 
432-266o 

73? FORD i 737 - FORD 

‘48 FO R D ' 2ton w ith c a m p e r, V-8, auto, I W B C all 333-2951. 

'76 GRAN TORINO 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity , co ll C re d it M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

F o rd T o rin o W a g on 7 2 . A u to , v e ry good tire s , v e ry good cond. 
$199$. 344-7368. 

1973 G ra n T o rin o 2 -d o o r. R u n s p e rfe c t! $145o-344 33oo, 342 46o5 

■75 G R A N T O R IN O , loaded $35oo. 
C all T o te r, 734-6613 

•49 F o rd T o rin o G T, a u la , a ir, V8, ra d io , ra d ia ls , c a tta n w h e e ls , b o d y a n d in t e r io r in e x c e lle n t cond. $95o. 736 44o/ o r 7 14-5o43. 

FORD E L IT E 1974 
No M oney D o w n -A ssum e B alance 
Call H e rb : 225-79o9 o r 533-7978 

49 F O R D T o rin o , 351 V8, a u to , a ir. $7oo. 333 8963 
_________ 
‘43 F o rd W agon G ood tra n s p o rt t a tio n . L o o k s a n d ru n s g o o d . 
S m all VS, 
14 m p g C ity . 3-spd. 
423-5281. 

K IN SEL Ford-M ercurv 
P le asa nto n, 
S A . P hone 424-2791 
75 L T D B ro u g h a m 4 d r, I o w n e r, loaded, lo w m i, e x tro cle an , ask* in g $41oo, m u s t sell 494-6276 

'72 M A V E R IC K , a u to a ir , o w e r m ust sell $975. 534-8873 
‘75 M a v e ric k 2 -d r 6 c y l., a u to . 
S a c rtlc e ! $235o 533-337o. 
72 M a v e ric k . 2dr, h a rd to p , ro d io , h ea ter, a ir $995 225-2172 
74 M A V E R IC K , E x c e lle n t co nd l 
H o n, lo w m i. W h ite . $282$. c a ll 
Jesse, 349-6593 

1975 M u s ta n g l l , 3 d o o r. O ne o w n e r 22,ooo m ile s E x c e p tio n a lly c le a n . 3o2 e n g in e , a ir , p o w e r s te e r in g , d is k b r a k e s , d ig ita l c lo c k , d e c o r g ro u p shag c a rp e t, console, a uto . s ty le d w heels. M i- c h e lin tire s . S p a re n e v e r u sed . 
E le c tric re a r w in d o w d e fro s te r, tope deck. $399$ 922-631o o tte r 6: 
684-6682 

737-FORD 
62 M e rc u ry C om et, w h ite , 6 c y l, m a n u a l tra n s m is s io n , good tra d - s p o lia tio n , $25o, 342-7583 

Hertz is Selling Quality 
Used C o rs F ro m O u r R e n ta l F le e t 
(1 9 /4 U sed) 
1331 SO U TH T E R M IN A L 
F o r in fo rm a tio n C a ll: 826-9665 
IN D IV ID U A L 
'7 6 O ld s C u s to m C r u is e r , a ll p o w e r, a ir, a m -fm s te re o , 9 pas sender. 18,ooo m iles. See at L a r ry 
C a n n o n 's , 
563o 
S on 
P e d ro 
828-4355 $595o 
IN D IV ID U A L 
! ‘67 C u tlass, a ll p o w e r a nd a ir, n ice and d e a n , 141 3798 

1975 M u s ta n g l l . L o w m ile a g e 
Take u p p a y m e n ts o r $2583. C o ll: 
225-65o1, m u s t ask fo r Don H o lli 
'77 M U S T A N G Ii, 4.ooo m l. looded 344-8527- 494-7874 eves 
7 4 M U S T A N G ll, 4-speed, a ir 
$175o-474-7845 

63 G A L A X IE , a u to , v8 . g o o d tr a n s p o r ta tio n $485. fin a n c in g a v a ila b le 224 «41o 

7 2 LTD BROUGHAM 
4-door. L O A D E D ! ................... $1989 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita r y 922-6317 

7 1 M a v e r ic k , g o o d c o n d itio n , sta n d a rd $7oo 333-9452 o fte r 5 :3o 

'72 M a v e ric k , new p a in t, b a tte ry , 
$1,175. 333-92o3, 648-1892 a fte r 3 
P M ________________________________ 
I '74 M a v e ric k , p o w e r, a ir, A M -F M , 
W ill tro de , o w n e r, $2,495 349-2274. 

‘73 M A V E R IC K , 6 Std. a ir, ra d io , 
! new seat co vers, good m p g .. E x ­ c e lle n t cond $165o 8261966 

 j 7 5 M u s ta n g ll. 4-spd. S a c rific e ! 
$225o 533-337o. 

7 2 M u stan g M a c h I a uto , a ir, ex­ ce lle nt, 923-2525 a fte r 5:3o week 

7 2 TBIRD LANDAU 
L O A D E D '! L ik e new 
V e ry low m ile s .............................................. $3289 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o) SW M ilita ry 922-4317 
76 T *b ird , loaded, m ust sell now, w ill fin o n ce . C oll A rt. 699-3434 
7 7 T -B ir d , lo a d e d , le a th e r , a ll o p tio n s , $4oo u n d e r book, $229$. 
A ft 4 p in 824 o869 

I 
'75 T H U N D E R B IR D 
I T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity , c o ll C re d it M o n o q e r, 349 6948 

•7$ T H U N D E R B IR D . E x tra Clean, w h ite on w h ite . M o o n ro o f, o n ly 
14,ooo m ile s . M u st sell! B est u tte r 
653-7341; e ves: 822-1418. 

'68 M ustang w ith '71 351 W ind sor engine. N e ed s w o rk on In te rio r. 
$1ooo 226-8782 . 

Wa r e 
W ith e 
68 DO O G E S U P E R B E E ith e x tra s . $14oo. C a ll: 337-8141. 

737 - FARO 

73 FO RD G A L A X IE H A R D T O P 
$1595 
A IR , 
A U TO . 
B E A U T I F U L 1435-1641 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Toke up p aym en ts w ith q u a lifie d c re d it A p p lic a tio n s a c c e p te d bv phone. No a p p lic a tio n re fu s e d 
M R 
E A R L 
227-1415___________ 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
C o ll; 227*o36o 

'65 F ord G a la xie . G ood tra n s p o r- to tio n ! 2937 R oosevelt 
■68 F o rd G a la x y . A ir, 297ooo m ile s un re b u ilt onq $475 654-6962. 

73 F o rd O ra n T o rin o . 3$1 VS, a u ­ to., v in y l top, goad shape. $2295. 
494*184o. 
•72 F ord L T D B ro u g h a m 4dr, nice co r $1895 W ill tro d e 656-1ooo 

1972 F o rd L T D 7 -d o o r. 4o,ooo rn Hee. 344-33oo, 342-66o5 
CONVERTIBLE 
‘65 FO R D L T D , good tra n s p o rta ­ tion $4oo. 655-4o27. 

‘47 G A L A X IE SOO. C le a n $595. 
M a ke o fte r. 732-3824 

7 2 GALAXIE W 
2-door. L O A D E D ! 
................... $1889 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilita r y 922-6317 

’TS G ra n a d a . 6 c y l., v e r y e c o n ­ o m ica l. S32oo. 344-7465 Or 732-7344. 

'73 L T D B R O U G H A M $1995 
I T IL T , W IN D O W S , A M -F M S T E R - 
EQ 435-1641___________________ 

‘73 L T D , c le o n , 4 d r. a ll p o w e r, i c ru is -o -m a tic , a ir, 2 bbl. c a rb u re ­ to r, re g u la r gas, I o w ne r. $1695. 
342-o367. 
____________________ 

•75 L T D , 4 d o o r, looded M u s t sei'l, w ill help fin an ce. 
C all 
K en 
699-3434 

‘76 P into. A s s u m e p a y m e n ts . No 
•q u it. C o ll: 657-2922. 

77 G ra n a d a , fu ll p o w e r, o nly 75oo m i. M u s t s e ll, w ill fin a n c e . C a ll 
Ken. 699-3434. 

7 2 L T D 4H loor Sedan O ne o w n e r. 
P e rfe c t c o n d itio n ! $119o-435-1641 

'7 o M U S T A N G 6, a u to , ra d io , p a w e r b r a k e s , s t e e r in g ; a ir ; b u c k e ts ; in g re a t s h a p e . $13oo 
C all Joe Stateson, 223-4oo1; a fte r J pm and w eekends, 344-5416 
__ 
'48 M u s ta n g , a u to a ir . S h a rp ! j 
$995-432 2644, 432 266o___________ _ 

66 M u stan g C lassic G T F a s tb a c k 
M odel, a ll o rig in a l, lik e n ew co n ­ d ition , $17oo 344 4539 

PINTO-1977 
No E q u itv -A s s u m e B alance 
Call H e rb : 225-79o9 o r $33-7978 
'73 P into R u o b o u t S tick s h ift, a ir. 
$1495 432-2644, 432-266o 

7 6 P into R u na b ou t. 3-door, 13,8oo m l., a ir, a u to $2695. $34-361o. 

G RANADA 1975 
T a ke up p a v m e n ts -F u llv 
E q u ip p e d 
C all H e rb : 225-79o9 o r 533-7978 
‘ 67 F a ir lo n e V 8 . A u to ., t ir e s , ; p ow er fop. 
$2ooo. 
432-3o42; 
494-1922. 
____________________ 
IS 3 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
I 

’74 FORD LTD 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity cal! C red it M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

IXPRESS AND NEWS 
CAU 225 -1 66 6 

7 3 G ra n T o rin o W agon Lug ga g e ra c k , a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g , p a w e r b ra k e s . A M -F M s te re o , ra d ia ls , e xcellen t. $235o. 222-3oo6; 494-7373 
EXPRESS AND NEWS 

’74 LTD 2-DOR 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity , c a ll C re d it M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

7 2 L T D 2 d r h ardo p, stereo, a ir, e xce lle n t co nd m u st sell 822-5926 

•Ti L T O 
P o w e r! a ir , e x c e lle n t cond M u s t s e li! SH9S. 532-7494. 
7 o M a ch I. $1ooo C all 532-5746 o r 
532-9428 a tte r 5:3o _______________ 

'75 M A V E R IC K , 6 a ir , $2175. 
T o te r, 734-6615. 

76 M u s ta n g C o n v e rtib le 6 c y l, auto, good p o w e r too. a ir, console, 
S21oo Of best O tter. 65S-7S68. 
‘ 61 
M u s ta n g 
F a s tb a c k im m a cu la te S18oo firm . 534-6147 

‘73 M u stan g G ra nd e . V8. 351, a u ­ to ., a ir , a ll p o w e r 
S te re o , n ew tir e s . 46,ooo m ile s . W e ll m a in tained. $259$. 735-2794 

‘76 P in to R u n a b o u t, a ir , p o w e r stee ring , u n d e r 3ooo m i, 432-33U 
7 4 P IN T O R U N A B O U T , L oa de d ! 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

'68 T H U N D E R B IR D , 4 -d oo r, a ll p o w e r, fa c to r y a ir , c le o n $895. 
9 oS ,fm oncing a v a ila b le 224-441o 

7 6 T O R IN O , s ilv e r J d oo r. a u to , p o w e r, o ir , im m a c u la te $435o. 
V e ry low m i. c o ll Jesse 349-6593 
W E L L M A IN T A IN E D 7 1 F o rd 
T o rin o W a g o n 
E x c e lle n t co n d , 
4-d r., fa c to ry a ir, A M . P o w e r, a u ­ to ., s te e l b e le te d ra d ia ls . $145o. 
653-8295 a tte r 5. 

66 M e rc u ry C o rn e l 6 c y l s to n d o rd . e x c e lle n t co nd , a ir, rad'O , h ea te r, new tire s , $6oo 33A 5255 
M E R C U R Y C O M E T G T . '7 2 . p o w e r, a ir, new ro d io li, e x c e lle n t cond. $215o 341 696$.______________ 
‘72 M e rc u ry C o u g a r X R -7. A uto , a ir, 2dr, p o w e r $2o95, 723 3918 

M E R C U R Y 
COUGAR 
1974 
P ick up p a y m e n ts E x tr o N ice 
C all H e rb o r E d d ie : 225-79o9 

7 2 
M e r c u r y e -H o o rT " F u lly equ ip pe d A uto, a ir P o w e r. V e ry c le a n ! $12oo-435-1641 

M e rc u ry M o ntego s ta tio n W agon, 
V-8, auto a ir. 
$1295 
432-2644, 
432-266o___________________________ 

•74 M e r c u r y M o n te r r e y 4 d r sedan, v e ry cleon, $2395. 655-8259 

‘ 76 
M o n a r c h 
4 -d o o r. 
F u lly e qu ip pe d 
A M -F M stereo 
$39oo-341-1476_________________ 
'71 M ontego 2 d r H T , o ir, s ta n d a rd 
$695 best O fter 656 1ooo 

M u s t s e ll! 7 6 O lds 98 R e ge n cy 
C o m p le te ly loaded. 16ooo 654 o837 
‘76 Olds, 98 C ustom C ru is e r lo lly loaded a new c a r o nly 5,3oo m iles. m u s t sell 828-1326 or 854-6/o9 
7 4 O ld s C u s to m C ru is e r 9 p as s e n g e r, a ll p o w e r, fu lly lo a d e d , 
$3ooo tirm . 824-9673, 8om »pm 

7 5 O lds C u tla s s S, 2dr lo a d e d , e x tro cleon, 18,ooo m i, 341 3485 

7 4 O lds C u tlass S M a n y options 
$34oo. 633-5513; 341-4819 
'7 4 
O ld s 
C u tla s s 
S u p re m e l-o w n e r 
L o a d e d ! 
826-9565, 
695-8o56 
7 6 O lds C u tlass S uprem e B ucke t seats, fu lly equipped. 
$4395-341-1426 
7 $ O LD S C u tlass Salon, low m i. lik e new 922-2724 

7 3 O lds C u tlass S uprem e, excel 
See to a p p re c ia te . $235o 349-4o16 
7 5 O lds O eito 88 
L o w m ile a g e 
E x c e lle n t cond. Loa de d 828-8626 
7 3 O lds D e lta ‘88’, loaded, clean 
M u st soil. $1795-435-1641 
69 O lds D e lta R oyale, p o w e r, a ir, tape deck 
E x c e lle n t cond. $1o25 
227-1591, o tte r 6 p m , 822-7653 

748 • OLDSMOBILE 

68 Olds 98' Good c o n d itio n . $7oo 
658-8911 o tte r 6 o r 658-8339 

738-LINCOLN 

L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l 73. L ik e new. 
4 -d o o r. H ig h m ile a g e 
$2183 o r ta k e uo p a y m e n ts . C oll 225-65o1, m u s t ask fo r Don H o lti 

7 2 P into, 4 speed, a ir, new tire s , I ow ne r, $895 cosh 826 oo64________ 

‘73 P IN T O , s ta n d a rd , a i? : $149$ 
694-o8o4 

7 6 P in to W a g o n 
13,ooo m ile s . 
E x ira d e a n $245o. 533 337o 

7 4 M u sta n g It G hia V6, a u to , a ir, 
A M c F M s te r e o . 3 o ,o o o m ile s 
$2695. 843o C h iv a lry , B ra u n S ic tlon E ast. 884-7687. 

________ t X P R IS S A N D N E W S 

64 T B IR D 
GOOD C O N D IT IO N 658-9269 
'66 T B IR D , good c o n d itio n , lo a d ­ ed $195o 494-5891. 
T F r r H r m n t n r m w s ----------- 
CAU 2 25 -1 66 6 

71 L in c o ln 4 door sedan, loaded m u s t sell now. 
C all 
W oody 
499-3434___________________________ 
7 4 L IN C O L N , 4 -d oo r to w n c o r 
B e a u tifu l lig h t blue in te rio r w ith m a tc h in g v e lo u r in te r io r C o m ­ p le t e ly 
(■ q u ip p e d in c lu d in g 
A M -F M ta p e , P o s itra c tio n , S ure tra c k b ro k e s $4,4oo 653 187o 

7 3 L in c o ln 4 d r sedan, m in t c o n ­ d itio n , 34,ooo c a re fu l m ile s , lo a d ­ ed I o w n e r. $38oo C all M rs . H o v, 
333-621o 8:3o to 4. 

EXPRI55 AND NEWS 

Clean 1974 Used C a rs A t; 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349-4443 
338 N E. Loop 41o a t A irp o r t B lv d 
7 2 C ustom C ru is e r S tand W ag 9 pass , toad. $18oo 341-5472 Oft $. 
; 

7 4 C u tla s s B ro u g h a m 
L o a d e d 
T ake o ver p a y m e n ts and e q u ity 
M u s t see to a p p re c ia te a fte r 4: 
681-o45o. 
I 

7 6 C u tla s s B ro u g h a m , lo a d e d ,1 e x tro s $5ooo o r best o fte r 349-2911 

72 C U T L A S S C O N V E R T IB L E ,' gold, 
$2795 
F re d : 
342-2332, 
826-4814.___________________________ 
7 5 C utlass, g ra y w ith b lue la n d a u , I 
19,ooo m l. A M -F M s te re o ta p e 
$3,958. 341-839o. 

71 C u tla s s O ld s 
84,ooo m ilt s 
$22oo C all 496-o63$. 

C u tla ss Salon 7 4. E x c e lle n t c o n ­ d itio n . $34oo 223-4455 e v « t. 
: 

71 OLDS 88 loaded 
E x tra good, 
$945 344-3729________ 
_______ 

7 4 O LD S 98 L u x u ry sedan, e x tra c le a n , lo w m ile a g e , a ll p o w e r, fa c to ry a ir $279$. 9 o % fin a n c in g c a lla b le 224 441o 
O LD S ‘IS ’, 7 2 4o ooo m ile s L ik e n ew ! $1583, o r take up p aym en ts. 
C all 
225-45o1, m u s t ask lo t Don 
H o ltr 

7 2 O L D S M O B IL E 88 
H a rd to p , p o w e r, a ir , a m tm , I tra c k stereo. $1575 922 342* 
73 O ld s 98 
R e g e n c y 
F u lly e q u ip p e d , v e ry c le a n 
P r iv a te o w ne r. U n d e r B lu e Book 658-o652 

7 4 O ld s T o ro n a d o B ro u g h a m 
F u lly loaded, low m i. 
$6795. 
492-2895. 

TIRED OF WALKING I 
CREDIT BAD 
J 
WE GUARANTEE THERE IS 
4 
A WAV TO SELL YOU A CAR! * 
* 

’7 o DoDG I 4 dr. ..? 4 9 5 J 

£ 6 7 RAMBUR 2-dr. *4 9 5 J 

J 
6 6 BUICK Special *4 9 5 } 

^ 6 9 fORD Woqon '3 9 5 

* ’6 8 CHIVY MAIIBU'3 9 5 £ 

£ ’6 9 CHIVY 2 dr. ..? 3 9 5 * 

4 

* l f 

* 

* 

* 

* 

4 

} ’ 6 6 

J 
’ 6 6 

* 

’6 2 

’ 69 

7 1 

65 

CHIVY NOVA 

DODGf 4 dr. 

VEGA 

EoRD 

CHEVY 

'395 

'395 

'395 

'195 

'195 

'195 
SOUTHSIDE 
MOTORS 
28o3 S.W. 
Military Dr. 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 

PONTIAC H T. 

* 

* 

IF 

TF 

+ 

+ 
TF 

+ 

* 

* 

* 

J** 
TF 

* 

 l f 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
TF 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

 ta k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity ‘7$ 
O lds C utlass. C a ll: 824-76o6 a tte r 
7: 494 5734 

Take O y e r P a y m e n ts on 74 C U T ­ 
LASS No e q u ity 722-o986, D e nn is. 
Hiles 454-4121 
1972 T O R O N A D O , d o c to rs w ife s c o r, a ll p o w e r, lo c k s a n d w in - d o w s , p o w e r s e a t, o ir , lo w m l. 
V ery d e a n 344-4697 a fte r 4PM 

68 T O R O N A D O . v e ry good c o n ­ d ition . $12oo 674-3o83 
W h o lesa le P r ic e l ‘74 O lds D e lta 
88 
M in t c o n d itio n 
O n ly 38,ooo m ile s . M u s t see 
$24oo. o r b e s t o ffe r 1-249-8397, B oerne. 

741 PLYMOUTH 

7 5 D u s te r 
B lu e. 4 c y l., 24 m p g . 
$25oo 659-1o22 IO a m 3 p m 
74 D u s te r. 4 CVI., 53oo e q u ity . 
M o n th ly p a y m e n ts 
595 o r re fin a n c e 49o-o1o9 o fte r 6 3o 
7 5 D u ster. 2-dr , auto ., a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g 
E x c e lle n t c o n d . 15.ooo rn, Si IUD IT I U l t 

7o D U S T E R $995 
2-DR 
A U T O . 
C H A T E R U S E # 
435-1441 

*74 DUSTER, $2195. o r best o ffe r, 22,ooo m l, auto, a ir, p ow er 494 23o8 
7 5 G ra n d F u ry P ly m o u th , fu lly equipped 521oo-674-7845 
7 5 P ly m o u th D u s te r, 2 dr, biege, v e ry clean $2,75o. 732-1958 

74 P ly m o u th F u ry III 4oo engine, new tire s $195o 924-5594 
73 P ly m o u th F u ry 111 4 d r sedan 
V I, a ir, n e w e r, $17oo 734*8254. 

P ly m o u th '74 F u ry I I I. h o i a to p c o up *. E x c e lle n t th ro u g h out. L ow m ile s 
O w n e r m u s t s e ll. $19oo cash o r best o tte r. 734-4531 
49 P L Y M O U T H F u ry III, 4 d oo r h a rd to p , g o o d c o n d itio n , p o w e r a uto , a ir. $95. F in a n c in g a v a ila ­ ble 224-441o 

71 P ly m o u th , h o rd-lo p, V I . v e ry good cond. 
$9oo. 
C a th o n ly ) 
824 4257 

1973 O lds T o ro n a d o $1495 432-2644, 
432-266o 

197) P iy m o u th S a tte lite w a g o n , 
V I, a ir, d isc b ra k e s , ra d ia l!, a u ­ to m a tic $1,ooo D ick 432 7895 

68 O ld s V i s t a C r u i s e r A i r , D o w e r auto P ric e d to te ll! 342 5887 __ 

IN THI IK A R I!! N IV *! 
CAU 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

^ o q e 2 4 - D 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 2 2 1977 
W m O T B I W B l L R 
73o 743 AoToMoB1LES 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUfOMOBilES 
73o 743 AU7OoWBOJ3 
73o-743-/I8TBMOBIIES 

CONGRATULATIONS SENIORS 
From Tom Benson’s Used Cajr and Truck 
CHECK OUT THESE GRADUATION SPECIALS 
,^ o —J. blue, V-8, automatic, power 
O O V Am ARO steering, radio.........................................* ................. 
Y* A IG IGI Silver, b“Cylmder, 4 ‘Speed, 
7 3 C A P H ! radio, air conditioned...................................*.............. r * A r i / V i I D I ! Coupe, silver, Gran Sport, V 8, 
Z U > 1 1 1 L A K H rad io , autom atic, p o w e r s te e rin g ........................... rw s n n r r r n Coupe, beige, loaded, low miles, 
72 DUSTER good shape.................................................................... 
.« > u A u r r n n i A 
Silver, load ed, radial 
71 MONTE CARIO tires........................... 
Coupe, White, luxury package, 
72 I© WIANS loaded, rally wheels.................................................... 
’71 MONTE CARLO £r'.!°aded:.e',.,a............... 
’75 MUSTANG ^edb'“e'.4:’pe^'.................... 
T A H A R A Maroon, 6-cylinder, loaded, rally 
/ O C A m A K U wheels...................................................................... r * f r f A l |A A D Coupe, silver, XR-7, 
75 COUGAR loaded......................................................................... 
. . - . . r . . . 
Coupe, silver, loaded, A M /T M , 
76 TRANS AIV! extra nice............................................................... 
■me , 
... . . . . Coupe, orange, loaded, luxury 
72 leMANS p a c k a g e .................................................................... 
. n n i n n i f t Short wheel base, loaded, 
75 CHEVROLET wagon wheel mags................................................ r u r i l R A I CT Ve-ton, loaded, good work 
7o CHEVROLET truck............ ...................... 
’ Y A D I A T E D White, 'OCJded, 2 wheel drive, 
/ O o L A Z .tR Cheyenne package........................................................ 
. . . . . 3/»-ton, blue, locoed, Adventurer 
75 DODGE package ......................................................................... 

 r - m f i t r i v y 
,/?~ton P icituP ' t>lue* v 8, 
C l i t V T automatic, radio............................................................. r m m | l | \ f ^ec*' 4-speed with Camper 

Sh e ll..- M E C H A N I C S P i E C i A t S s o l d a s i s 

'6 8 P O N T I A C w m * . .....................» 2 1 8 6 A 4 
6 9 5 
’6 8 G A L A X I E .............. 

7 1 E U R Y ti 
................................. # 2 2 3 o * 8 9 5 

# 2 2 7 o 

Budget 

VO IMPALA 4-door 
795 
'69 EL DORADO............... *2311 

3T1977A ’1295 

3T2o88A ‘1995 

. #2288 ’1595 

. #23o3 ’1695 

. 3X2315 ‘1995 

#2265 ’2195 

3X2213 ’2195 
’3o95 

#1993 
’4695 

#1o42 A ’4395 

#2157 ’5495 

XT2278 ’1995 

. #2295 ’3995 

#2297 
’1395 

#226o ’6295 

#2242 ’4495 

#21394 ’2895 

. #2124 ‘2595 

# 2 2 9 9 
* 695 

......... # 2311 *13 9 5 
T o m B e n so n 
| 2 j g | g j j j g if 

L o o p 4 
1 
o 
A T S A 
N 
P E D R O 
3 4 1 - 3 3 1 4 

★ S U P E R I o R * P o N T i A C * 

‘ 
W h e r e P r i c e S e l l s C a r s a n d j 
\ r 

’ S e r v i c e K e e p s C u s t o m e r s 
• ct'-* 

7 1 I B 
R 
O 
A 
D 
W 
A 
Y 
2 
2 
7 
- 5 
o 
4 
1 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
K 
E 
K 
^ 

“ 
S 
P 
E 
C 
I A 
L 
S ” 

« . 
H Comino Classic. tottery on. s 
- 
76 CH EVROIET oil power end estrus, sharp... 4995 

 m u p it Hectic 225 Custom coupe, tactory air, , r 
7 5 SUICH all power and extras, tleon...................*5 6 9 5 
I -a*- r n n e Toronado Coupe, tactory air, all power , _ . _ _ 
7 5 O L D ) and extras. Special............................... 5 4 9 5 
Delta 88 Holiday Sedan, tactory air, all M 
. n . 
/ 3 U L U J power and extras, vinyl top, d e a n 
7 4 V 5 rn n e Cutlass Salon. 4 door, factory air, alt 
74 o 1 D 5 power and extras, clean 
\ ............. * 3 6 9 5 
“ T A D I n m teSabre coupe, factory air, all power ( ■ i n r i v BU ILK and extras, original and d e a n ............ 
I n r J 
. . . 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all J c n a C 
/ O U L U J power and extras, stereo, m ags ........... J L r b 

" I L . A l rsC ^ u,*oss coupe, factory air, aH power , . f t n - 
J O U L U ) and extras, I -owner new car trade in .... 4 V V 5 

" T C n i n e O O R*9 entV CouPe' toctory air, all S i . o c 
J 5 U L U ) 7 o power and extras, = 518o, Special 
5 4 9 5 
. . . m n n Granada Chia, 11,ooo miles, loaded c a r . r 
7 6 F O R D with extras.........................................' 4 6 9 5 
72 MERCURY i * S C S t n ^ ^ ’2195 

’T O A i n t Gel,a R°val 4 d o o r' <ot,ory « r# o|l s i i n c 
I L U L U ) power and extras. I-owner................... 
I O Y J 

’ T i . M C D / ’I I D V Monor‘h 4-door, factory air, all i A A n c 
J o m c R C U R Y power, and extras, low mileage . . 4 4 9 5 

’ T A M I I IC T A k l A Coupe, standard shift, radio, 
/ o l Y l U ) I A l y l ) heater, air conditioned, 
.................. "3495 i T A l h f 98 luxury Sedan, factory air, all power . . . A C 
OJ UIU5 and extras SHARP ............................. I 195 

I 

4-tylinder, sharp... 
VS luxury J and extras. SHARP 
12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANT Of OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS 

* * C O N E I D E N C E I S C A V E N D E R " 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

> y r O ID S Cutlass, air ton- r J ditioned, s n e e rs auto., power J J J U 
"TA ORAND PRIX, 57,ooo 
/ 4 ml. AM-FM 
S O C K O stereo, tape . * ” 3 w i i i CECKA. vinyl root, 
/ 4 49.ooo mi., s n C| 
AM-FM, air. . I S . 
CEUCA GT. loaded, 
76 ^ 
....... *425o 
< e e DATSUN lit that k, air, 
/ J rear window visor, 
£ .° £ ,m‘ .*2 6 5 o 
TOYOTA 
OF SEGUIN 
224-4183 toll free 
OPEN IVES, til 9 P M. 

742 - PONTIAC 

73 Pontiac (Granville Ail options. 
Low mi lea ga. S19oo-43S-1641 
'76 P o n tia c G ia n P rix . F u lly ! equipped 
A M P M stereo. I 
54395-341-1426 
’74 Pontiac Granville ii 
2 door Sport Coupe. Loaded! Only 
4o,ooo miles ........... 
$339$ 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 

T A K I OVER 
PAYM EN TS 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 
27 other tars to choose from. 
Most hove air and power. 

Partial list 
Bal. 
7 6 Cougar XU 7 ....$4982 

7? Buick Woqon .. $1862 

7 4 Chev Impotn .. $1487 

76 Firebird tspifit 
$4964 | 

7S Nova .......... $1981 

I 74 Gran Prix ...... $2992( 

63 Merrury ....... $ 194 

63 Datsun 
$ 244 

67 Datsun 
$ 472 

73 Catalina ....... $1273 

7o Mustang 
$ 997 

73 Olds 98 
$1396 
Call 
RICK CARTER 
222-1685 
222-8611 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

Pontiac 67 GTO, auto, air V ery 
Bood! 1-438-7294 
Pontiac '68 L e M o n s I dr, good running car, $55o 661 2631. 
73 
P o n tia c 
S a fa r i 
Wagon-2937 Roosevelt sta tio n 

'76 Pontiac Ventura Hatchback 
Under 8,ooo mi. Still In warranty 
A fte r 6 p m w k d a v s. all d a y wkends: 824-2545. 
‘76 Sunbird, loaded, like new. Best ofter over S31oo 492-1695 
Take over paym ents on ‘76 Bon neville B rougham Stereo radio, tape d e c k, all p o w e r. O a v s : 
925-7491 eves: 494-1165 
‘65 Tempest Wagon. Overhauled 
326. Good transportation. $5oo or best otter. 432-6386; 923-7415. 

741 PLYMOUTH 
742-PONTIAC 
743 MISCELLANEOUS 

‘74 Plym outh Valiant 6 cyt. stan­ d a r d w ith a ir. low m ile a g e . 
225-3181 ext 292, ask for Tom. 
‘67 S P O R T F U R Y III, 2-dr hard­ top, auto, air, power. New tires, 
56,ooo mi Like new $1295 349-7943 

"TO Grand Prix V-8, auto air $r995 
432-2644, 432-266o 
'76 G R A N P R IX . Black. 16,ooo mi. call 922-2724 
‘67 Grail Prix. Loaded, I owner. 
Excellent cond. $795. 655-3o38. 
*77 V o la re W agon, pow er, a ir, 
74 G R A N p r i x , loaded, nice under w arranty. 
671-5379, : Take up payments, 924-6671______ i ‘73 O r a n 
P r ix . 
L o w m ile s. 

Q U IT T IN G C A R S ! 
Selling Below Loan Value! 
’76 C h e w Molto .............. $2295 
7$ Buick LeSabre .............$1995 
7 5 Mere. M o n te g o .............$1495 
'74 Ford G alaxy ............... $1295 
74 Ford Torino 
................$1395 
‘69 Cad. Coe Deville ..........$95o 
68o3 S. Flores 

Duncan. 

T R A D E W IN D S Auto Sales 
•W E F IN A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M IL IT A R Y 
922-27o3 
Loaded! $245o 684-38oo 
742 -PONTIAC 
I G ran Prix, 76. 14,5oo mites. Ex- 
7 7 Bonneville B ro u gh a m Black 
— l? nl >48oo 342-64o2 on black. Loaded! 4,ooo miles. ; '72 C ran Prix. I owner, tilt, A M - 
$695o-1-899-2o65_______________ 
I FM . Well maintained M ust sell! 
71 Bonneville 2dr. H T. excellent, — 
? 2? i 2 2 l 

V W D u n e b u g g y . M e t a l b o d y needs eng. work. Titled. $3oo 
344-1725. 

 radials, $1o95, 333-1773___________ 
‘76 Com oro LT, loaded, will help finance with tow down. Call Art. 
499-3434 

73 O ran Prix. Pow er windows, locks. 6-way eiec seat, A M -F M stereo tgpe-deck. $27oo 651-6519 
’76 GRAN PRIX 
•69 Catalina A ir power, $4oo ar ta k e over paym ents, no epode 
Coll Credit Manager, 349-69411 

‘74 LeM ans Pawer Air Stereo Ex. 
Cond. $33oo or Best Otter 681-o239 

 best oHer. 673-4761________________ 
‘72 Catalina blue 4 dr, air, power, wife s car, 44,ooo miles, excellent cond, $165o firm. 342-9616. 

744-CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RACING CARS 

P A N T E R A . L IK E N E W ! 165 M P H 
P L U S ! C A L L : 828-5511___________ 
R A C E C A R . ‘69 T o rin o 427, 
4 speed. Street Legal $14oo. Will consider trade, 1-383-739o. 

746 TRUCKS K COMMERCIAL 
M IK U S, BUSES 

‘72 Chevrolet pickup 4 speed, V8 
$1o5o best otter 656-1ooo 
1975 Chevrolet SW S, 6 cyl. auto. 
826 9565, 695-8o56_________________ 
1971 Chevrolet. V8, std, air. Good condition. $14oo. 341-8379 
‘75 Chev. 34 Ion, double cob pick­ up, auto, $4,25o 
7 4 Chev. Vj ton cu stom deluxe pickup, $1,8oo 
C a ll S u t h e rla n d S p r in g s , T x 
(512)947-3359 or nights 947 331o. 
*77 Chevy Blazer, must sell now, will help finance. 
Call 
L a rry 
699-3434 
•74 C h e w Cheyenne Vs ton L W B 
Power, air, loaded. 
$3195. 
492-2o57 
1972 C h e v y C h e y e n n e . S u p e r tootled! 826 9565, 695-8o56 
1971 C h e v y C u sto m D e L u x e . 
Loaded! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
75 Chevy Custom Van, trade for car, 654 o94o. 

REHT-A-CAR 

’76 AMC PACERS........’33oo 

’76 AMC GREMLINS 
’2795 

TH ESE C A R S ARE THE G A S S A V IN G 6 C Y L IN D E R A l l 
W IT H 
A IR 
C O N D IT IO N IN G , 
P O W E R 
ST E E R IN G , 
A U T O M A T IC , 
S O M E 
W IT H : 
A M E M 
STEREO , L U G 
G A G E R A C K S . S O M E W IT H B U C K E T SEA T S. W E H A V E 

(2) G R E M L IN S W IT H O U T P O W E R 
S O C C A 
ST E E R IN G . I W O U L D LET G O A T ................ 
J f c J j U 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 76 GRAND PRIX’S 
• 

® W C H A V E SE V E R A L T O C H O O S E F R O M !! W I T H ® 
^ V A R Y I N G 
A C C E S S O R IE S . 
S U C H 
A S 
C R U ISE A 
^ C O N T R O L , TILT W H E E L, 6 o 4 o BU CK ET S E A T S ^ 
® 
A R M 
REST, 
P O W E R 
W IN D O W S 
(2) 
W I T H ® 
• 
'U N R O O F 
A L I H A V E A M F M STER EO , M A G S . A 

D ELU X E M IR R O R S , FULL 
S>| it 
® 
IN S T R U M E N T A T IO N S T A R T IN G AT . . 
^ * F U U ® 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • A 
(2) 76 CHEVETTES 

LEFT!! THE T EEN Y W E E N Y G A S B U R N E R 4 
$ 4 ) C T C 
C Y LIN D ER , 4 SP E E D W O U L D Y O U BELIEVE 
L J / J 
( N O AIR OF C O U R S E ) 

’76 VEGA 

A U T O M A T IC , 
AIR. 
R A D IO , 
A C C E N T 

STRIPES 
THE 
A N S W E R 
F O R 
A 
S O C C A 
G R A D U A T E .......................................... 
/ 
J J U 

“ B A N K F I N A N C I N G N O W A V A I L A B L E " 
BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
338 N E. LOOP 41o SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

S E E D O N H A M ! n m m a n a g e r 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

73o743 HUTOMnBIUS 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

AT THESE PRE-OWNED SHARP 
NEW CAR TRADE-INS 

BUY NOW! 

’7 5 - ’7 6 M A R K IV ’S h.m..................... *7 5 9 5 
T I Ph™ 88 J-*..... 
*1788 
74 CADILLAC B ro u g h a m 
*4595 
72 MONTE CARLO 
*2188 
75 GRANADA brakes, akT.rrT.,,Mrin9* s3488 
72 Malibu E r & r i a * r r . m ess 
75 LTD control w*#,°3n oi,: power windowi.<,o!‘“ *4788 
7 6 LINCOLN speed ron»ro|e#r!rA TIT?!’. 
*81 88 
75 CHEVROLET power steering, #*26o 
*4688 
’7 9 G I A C ®c,to 88, 2-dr.. 4o,ooo miles, power $ 1 o o o 
I i w l U J steering, power brakes, air, * 2o7 ...........1 O O O 
72 COUGAR 23JJT........................ *2288 
76 BOBCAT Steering, power brakes . “!r:..power. *3888 
73 VS i?:m^r*3244,pd:. n,t' ' .............. *2288 
75 MONARCH powrr it" r,n9'.air: *3495 
75 MUSTANG 
................*2888 
74 CAPRI tRSr. 
’2495 
74 BUICK century, power steering, air, 4 d r . , 
’2795 

72 MERCURY 
S W 
*.broke*:.4-. *1888 
69 LINCOLN t ,digAM/FM‘,ereo-............ * 999 
Calvin 
GtahamV 

I R 

( i l l C O l A 

 f n « f c w f y 

V 
-a V. 'ti : V. ;s _ 
■" f . 

 l l 2 3 N . M A I N 
2 2 5 - 6 5 o 1 

OVER STOCKED 
MUST REDUCE INVENTORY! 

IW S y n r w u Molibu S/W, outo., pow er l f v H t V Y and air, 7.ooo m iles............ 
75 VEGA auto., brown, extra n ice.. . . 

’ 7 C G S n C Oo,,° *°Y®I' ♦u,,7 equipped. 
/ J ULU J 6o-4o seat, a beautiful car . .. 
’ T C [ A n n Granada 2-dr., auto., power, 
/ J r U K U air, a beautiful little car . . . . iw r r u C l i V Monee 2-f2, a beautiful car 
/ J L i l t V I with auto, and air............ 
<7C i / t r A 
2-door 
Hatchback, auto.. 

74 VEGA auto., a.......................... sw x r n t i l V 4 wheel drive, pickup, Extra 
7 4 L H t V Y good condition................. 
J J I j y Y Novo, 2 dr., VB, auto., air, 

74 PINTO air, CU,a.......................... 

7 3 FORD 
7 3 BUICK ^H kV nl 

74 BUICK Apollo, fully equipped . . . . 
G alexia 
5oo. 
2-dr. 
HT, power and air, extra nice .. 
Century 2-dr. HT, fully equip- 
I n e w ................... 
171s C l M F V txtote Wagon, all extras, 
/ J D u I L n perfect cond............... 
1 7 7 a i n r Cutlass “5” 2-dr. HT, auto., 
/ u U L U ) power and air, a beautiful car tw o #v| n r 
Cutlass 
4-dr. 
HT, fully 
/ J U L U ) equipped, a steal ............. 
, 7 7 f U C \/ V c °Price Sfotion Wagon. 9 
/ J V ,f1tV T pass., extra n ic e ............. 
73 CHEVY Monte Carlo, a real b u y . . . . rw cs C G D fJ 
I*oo 
Pickup, custom, 
/ L r U l f U auto., power, a ir ............. 
72 OLDS w C T . . . C n -“ r: . . ‘,ation 
’ T I f U t \ i 
4-dr., air, pawer, 
/ I i s n t V . drive to appreciate ........... 
1 o o % W A R R A N T Y 
On Motor, Trans., Rear End for 3o Days or 2,ooo Mi. 
T E X A S A T T O S A L E S 
I Locations 
2 2 1 1 S.W . M ilita ry Dr. 
9 2 3 -4 3 4 1 

1 5 1 6 S . W . M i l i t a r y D r . 
9 2 3 - o 7 3 7 

W A S 
N O W 
4795 
*4195 
‘2295 
*1795 
-4695 
*3995 
3995 
*3595 
■3595 
*2995 
2295 
*1895 
'2195 
*1695 

U "* 
O 

CO 

*2995 
‘2995 
*2695 
"2395 
*1995 
"2495 
*2o95 
"2495 
*1995 
2895 
*2395 
"2995 
*2295 
"2895 
*2295 
2495 
*1895 
2795 
*2495 
‘2895 
*2395 
"2895 
*2595 
*2295 
*1795 
‘1995 
*1695 

•72 C H E V Y Large window M axi- van $1495. 333-8152 
76 Chevy, loaded SW B-SS . $387$ 
’73 Chew , loaded! Cam per shell 
..................................... $267$ 
7o Ford 6 Std. SW B .......... $1275 
?o2 New Laredo Hwv-924-2211 

INSTANT CASH 

. 
P a id ’on the sp o t f o r c le a n u se d 
•'* c a r s a n d trucks. S to p in fo r free a p p r a is a l. 
; »i . 
. V . > 

75 Chevy L U V dean, tow miles, air, custom wheels, 655-7772. 
C H E V Y •LU V ” 72. Good eondi hon. $1283. Call: 225-65o1, M U S T 
A SK FO R Don Hottl 
7 5 C H E V Y LU V , loaded, *2695, 
341-1455 or 6S5-5676 

‘76 F ir e b ir d 35o, a u to , r o ily wheels, air, excellent cand 
342-1728. 
73 FIREBIRD 
Cream Puff condition! 342-883o 
‘73 F ire b ird E sp rit, low m iles, mint cond, tally fonded, 
VS. 
494-5163 
‘76 F ire b ird . F u lly equipped . 
A M P M stereo. $46oo 341-1426 
1976 F I R E B I R D . 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
L ik e new . 

'73 F I R E B I R D 
L o a d e d ! O n e owner. 826-9565, 695-8o56 
F ire b ird ’68 3 speed, 6 cyl, air, 
Good engine, $695. 451 Beryl D r 
7 6 Grand Prix, air, power, stereo, 
•19,ooo mi. $4695 653-3221 
*77 I Grand Prix, black with black vinyl top, air, power, am -fm ster­ eo tape deck C B built in dost*, ra lly ll wheels, still under w a r­ ranty, $5995. 344-8489. 
76 Grand Prix, loaded, m ust sell n o w 
W ill h e lp h o a o c e . Cedi 
Woody. 699-3434 
‘73 Grand Prix. Loaded!^Bine* ap block. $32oo. 826-1334. 
‘72 G rand P rix , o rig in a l owner, white, SJ option; pow er steering, brakes, windows, locks; a ir ; 13 mpg, $25oo. 658-88o8. 
•71 Grand P rix SJ, 455 engine, air, radials, die hard, steady riders, pood condition, S1495. 674-5889 

‘71 L e M a n s Sp o rt, 2d r, auto, power, air, I owner $15oo 695 9357 
‘69 Pontia Catalina 4 dr, power, air, very good condition, original owner. $65o firm. 681-12o4 

748 • TRUCKS A COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
816 P R O B A N D T 
224-2131 _ _ _ _ _ 
*69 Pontiac Bonneville 4 dr, toad- 
MMY TRUCKS 
•71 P O N T IA C Catalina, 4 door, t 
4-Wheel D rive All Sires owner, extra nice $1o5o 344-1o76; 
Graubach Equipment, 736-1659 
349 1o42 
I 75 B E A U J A M E S , 18,ooo miles. 
‘71 Pontiac C atalina Excellent ! Coil 922-2724 cond., tow mileage. $1 IOO. 341-2412 
76 Starer. Cheyenne Pkg, loaded. or 696-8995 
74 Pontiac Catalina 
4 door Sedan 
E xtra clean tow milenge ........................... $2989 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
19o1 SW M ilitary 922-6317 

$53oo. After 7 p.m.: 224-o489. 

$655 '69 P O N T IA C 
C atalina, 4 dr, air, auto. cond.! 648-o441 atter t P.M. 
‘69 Pontiac Custom S, less than 
1o,ooo mi on new engine, moo. 
828-7274. 
7 o Pontiac Executive. Air, power, automatic. M u s t se ll im m edkato- to! 657-1633. 
67 Pontiac. G ood MOO. 656-o983 after 5:3o. 
Pontiac 74 C ra n Ville, excellent m e c h a n ic a l c o n d itio n . 
C o li 
657-oo21 or 341-185o 

2o' bodv, Bedell Reefer 4 " insula 
♦ion, vault doors, insulated installed ........................ $6,ooo 
B E D E L L T R A IL E R CO 
151o So Ftores-226-6318 
66 Bronco 6 cyl. air, good condi hon. $1695. 661-2426. 
( 8 ) 4o’ C e n te r B e a m F lo a ts. 
$3,25o. 
214 827-382o or 
214-279-o418, Dallas. 

‘72 C h e v y L u v p ic k u p . E x t ra ! clean. $165o. $33-337o. 
'65 C H E V Y one ton with overhead w a lk -th ro u g h 
O p e n 
R o a d 
Cam per Sleeps 4. Rebuilt engine. 
Excellent condition. M an y extras. 
828-3971 after 4:3o P M. 

U S E D C A R D E P A R T M E N T 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 

94oo San Pedro 

‘68 C h e v y p ic k u p L W B , 327. 
Standard, headers. $14oo. 736-o618 eves. 
F O R D E x p lo r e r P ic k u p , 1972. radio, heat, air, 36o V 8, auto, ex­ tra clean. $17oo. 341-3786 , 349-5373 

‘69 Ford F -1oo 6 cyl., outo. Com m ereial utility bed, sound condi­ tion. $125o. 735-2 i 49. 
1973 Ford F35o 8ooo G V W plat­ fo rm tra c k , p o w e r s te e rin g , 
4-speed, $18oo. Dick 432-7895 
1974 Ford F35o 68oo G V W truck i chassis, 4-speed, power steering, power brakes, 
$23oo. 
Dick : 
432 7895 
•75 Ford FI5o Ranger X L T pick­ up. 
P o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r brakes, air, radio, 3oo 6 standard, dual gas tanks. Tool box, 17,ooo 
Mi. Atter 5 824-7672. 

D.i. DUNLAP MOTORS 
917 BROADWAY 
“ W H E R E BUYING IS A U D E E A S T ” 
227-2873 
*75 CAD DE VILLE.................... $5,995 
’75 OLDS T O R O N A D O ............. $5,395 
’73 OLDS ’98 LUX 5EDAN.........$2,695 
’73 CAD SEDAN DE VILLE.......... $3,795 
’73 M ARQ U IS B R O U G H A M 
$2,695 
’74 OLDS 98 LS COUPE............ $3,595 
'74 EL DORADO, Nice As Is 
$4,395 
12 - 12,ooo Miles Nationwide Warranty on most 
________cars. Bank financing Available. 

' J A P D N T ! A f 
4-deor, burgundy metollit, 
/ * * r U n i l M V oil vinyl interior, toctory air cond., power steering, power disc brakes, AM radio, stock 
» 7 -7 5 4 terior, toctory air cond., power steering, power disc brakes, AM radio, stock = 6- 

6 g 7 A 
(A n A A 
REG.: $2995 
SALE: 
$2388 

 n j r i r n / \ i r < P skortbgd '/? ton, 4 wheel drive 
J J L U C Y K U L L I SCOTTSDALE, like brand new, automatic tronv, power steering, power disc brakes, tactory air conditioning, roil bar, tog tamps, AM-EM stereo w /8 trotk tape; stock = 4 - 
377 

REG $7295 
SALE: s6 6 8 8 

* 7 7 A l n e IM A D U C Cutlass Supreme 4-door, ice l l U L U S M U D l L t blue, w blue luxury interior, automatic trans., power steering, power brakes, toctory air conditioning, V-8 3o5 eng., tilt steering, cruise control, AM-FM stereo, car like new, stock 
= 4 -3 7 1 -P. 

REG.: $ 5 6 9 5 
SALE: 
’4995 
_ 
- . j / , , . 4-door, sterling silver, ll DELTA ROYALE crushed velvet burgondy interior, silver vinyl roof. 6.ooo miles, tilt, cruise, 
AM-FM stereo, extended toctory warranty. 
SALE: 
’6288 

’ 7 7 F I R F R I P n si,ver meto!lic, w oil vinyl 
/ / r i T V L D i n i / burgundy interior, 4-speed Irons., 
AM-FM stereo, toctory air cond., power steering power d1 like new 

IO, lower disc brokes, rallye wheels, low miles 3,9o2, ike new. 
REG.: $5995 
SALE: 
’5 6 8 8 

’ 7 A M 
T D f l l D Y Capri Hatchback, brom e metallic, 
I O i V l C n v U n T 
W ton vinyl interior, cir con ditioning, 4 speed trans., lull instrumentation, rallye wheels, low mileage, ll,7 o o miles. 

REG.: $3995 
SALE: 
’3 6 8 8 

' l h R H I T K 
Re9al 2' door' Sohoro beige, beige Ion- v U W t V U 
^au vinyl top, crush velour interior, 
AM-FM stereo w 8-track, tilt steering wheel, power steering, power brakes, toctory air conditioning, 
REG $5295 
SALE: 
* * 5 8 8 

' l h P O N T I A f 
Ven,uro- 2'<toor, 3 to choose Irom, oil w factory air cond., power steering, power disc brokes, all are dean cars. 
REG $3795 
SALE: 
$3 4 8 8 

’7 6 P O N T I A C Grond 
Saho" ’ beige- beige v i a m u v w jn y , jn t e r lo r .( 
A M - F M s t e r e o tj|t 

 steering, rallye wheels, toctory air cond., vinyl top. 
REG.: $5195 
SALE: 
’4 5 8 8 
’76 f H T V R O I T T M on,e Carlo landau, light cinom- 
/ U s . l l I V n u l l I mon brown, w /beige vinyl roof, light beige vinyl interior, swivel bucket seats, AM- 
TM stereo w /8-trk. tape, power door locks, power windows, tilt steering, cruise control, radial tires, good looking, stock *3 -2 o 1 . 
REG.: $5395 
SALE: 
’4 8 8 8 

 i J C P O N T I A f 
^o,o*ino 
4-door, maize yellow, r W W H M V buckskin oil vinyl interior, steel belted, ww tires, automatic irons., power steering, power disc brakes, A M -fM radio, body side mldg., deluxe wheel covers, white vinyl roof, good family car, stock = 1 1 - 1o4S-A. 
REG.: $3795 
SALE: 
’2 7 8 8 

’ 7 ? C n P n 
C'te, si,ver w /black vinyl roof, black in- 
/ v » W H I ) terior, power disc brokes, AM radio, steel belted W W tires, automatic trans., toctory air cond., sm all V-8 eng., only 21,ooo miles, stock 4*3- 
333. 
REG.: $4195 
SALE: 
’3 6 8 8 

 t 7 p D I I l f I / 
Electra 
225, limited 
Park 
Avenue 
I J U U I V IV 
(dition, silver metallic w /block velour interior, silver vinyl roof, this cor is fully loaded end fully loaded, only 28,ooo miles, this is a gorgeous luxurious automobile, stock 444-336. 
REG.: $6595 
SALE: 
’5 9 8 8 

' T C A / i C P f l i P Y Cou9°r XR2' bronze metallic, all 
I J f V t C n V U I V I vinyl interior, power brakes, power steering, factory air cond., stock 414-394. 
REG.: $4695 
SALE: 
’4 2 8 8 

’ 7 C P O N T I A f Gfandville, 4-door, blue metallic, 
/ J r W W H M V vinyl top, AM radio, w ^ -trk ., lac tory air cond., 6o 4o suede seats, power seats, power w indows, power steering, power disc brakes, and m any more extras, stock # 4 -3 7 5 . 
REG.: $4695 
SALE: 
’4 2 8 8 

’ 7 C P O N T I A C ^e^ ons 4-door, light blue metallic, t v iv H M V vinyl fop, AM rodio, factory air con d., power steering, power disc brakes, dark blue cloth seats, clean car, stock = 4-361. 
REG.: $3895 
SALE: 
’3 3 8 8 

' T K P O N T I A T Grond Prix' black, w /black vinyl 
' J r W 
W 
I I M V roof, all vinyl interior, 
AM-FM sfereo, power steering, power disc brakes, bucket seats, rallye wheels, stock =5-4oo-P. 
REG: $4995 
SALE: 
$4 6 8 8 

’ 7 C r U C W D O l C T 
Monte 
Callo- black w ^ lo c k 
/ J V u e V K U L E I vinyl roof, AM radio, tilt steer ing wheel, power steering, power brakes, factory air cond., autom atic trans., stock # 5-3 99 -P . 

REG : $4195 
SALE: 
$3 6 8 8 

’ 7 C T D A N C A M 
Gorlt red- w /o ,l ^ " Y 1 intofior, 
I J I n M W j M IY ! factory air cond., full in strumentation, A M -fM stereo w ^8 track tope, power steering, power brokes, rallye wheel, stock 

76 PACER s*1 lion.................. 
*3995 

76 HORNET Spodoboul W aqon............. 
*4295 

7 6 GREMLIN : ................... *3495 

IS F O R D Guin Torino Squire 9 passenger wagon *4495 

75 VW Robb,. 4 dr.................................... *2995 

74 JAVELIN 
*2995 

74 COUGAR yr; 
*4495 

7 4 OLDS (utlass Coupe 
....................... *3495 

73 GREMLIN 
*1995 

73 MUSTANG Mach. ............ 
*3495 

73 FORD Galaxy SOQ ............................. *2195 

73 PLYMOUTH Duster Coupe 
‘2295 

72 DODGE Coronet 4 dr 
*2495 

72 MERCURY Montego Coupe 
............ 
*2195 

 these sharp reconditioned pre ow ned curs are reaoy for a 
VACATION TRIP ANO THEY ARE EQUIPPED TO KEEP YOU COOL 
ALA M O 
AM C 
1111 San Pedro 
227-7511 

ORSINGER 
* SPECIALS * 

 i / fi * c a o u r 2door hardtop, blue, power f x I r n 
69 leSABRF andor..................... 115o 
‘T h U A D l l t T 
4-door, green/green, automatic, air, J| | f A 
Z U n w K w C I real low mileage................... 
* U x r 

’72 BUICK 5 
,3 j» 2 ;po" ’. , ' “9. s22oo 
'72 MONTE CARIO S;,""1'.’''"'.'!*" '2275 
’7 o D I ti fir leSob,e 2door hardtop, green and 4 n n A ft 
I i P U IV K white, power and oir..................... 2 / o o 
■74 BUICK 
”**“'•..............s2995 m r F U D V C I CD Newport 4-door, beige, power ond < « 1 C A 
/ J V H K T )L f c K air, cruise control.....................J I J U i t r R SU rn Re9al- white ond white, londou, power , . n . n l b BUICK and air, low miles.........................*385o 
’ 7 A D I I l f IT ^en,ury 4 door, brown ond white, power $ « | A A 
/ 4 B U IC K ond air .................................. 31oo 
'69 PLYMOUTH 
1“!'. M 25o 
•7o CUTLASS 
...........5155o 
■75 MONTE CARIO K 
X 
.‘385o 
’ T C W A I W A 4 door, block, 164 E series, power win- 
* o e A 
Jb V U l V w dows. outomotic, air, 22.ooo miles 
485o 
’7 o D I I l f IT sky|ork. 7 door- 9reen and while, power 
A 7 C 
/ / B U IC K and air .................................. 
I 7 / 5 
’t a rn writ 22S, 4 door hardtop, power and air, blue . . . . . 
74 BUICK and blue.......................................... 365o 
’T C D I n r u Cen,urY wagon, beige, power and air, «« # e A 
J J B U I C K cruise control...............................3 6 5 o 
’T / r A i i n Country Squire wagon, like new, brown j a r c A 
7 6 r Q K D and gold, 1o.ooo miles................... 4 Y 5 U 
73 oiDs 88 
>225o 
'72 BUICK 
‘145o 

B U I C K CO. 

45oU SA N PEDRO • 7 3 4 -4 2 2 4 

 f 
" 
" 
— 
I 
1976 MARK IV 
• 6,ooo miles 
• Mint condition 

$1o,ooo 
494-2354 = 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
TRANSPORTATION 
• SPECIALS* 
’71 TOYOTA 
’74 PINTO 
’72 M AVERICK 
’71 LeM ANS 
CAU: RAY GUERRA 
-M A N A G E R 
19o1 S.W. Military— 922-6317 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* HAVE LITTIE OR 
* 
NO CREDIT 
* but hove down payment. in need of a car, 
NEW or USED 
Call Art 
699-3438 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
*I 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

748 * TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

•75 D O D G E Pickup 12ton 6 stan­ dard, cam per shell. Am-fm radio, tape. $2995. call 69o-1847; 681-29oo 
‘68 
D O D G E 
P I C K U P w ith camper, 
SHOO. 
69o-1336 
9-S w eekdays________________________ 
‘74 D O D G E R A M C H A R G E R 
4-wheel dr. power brakes, steer­ ing, auto air, am-fm radio. 39,ooo ml. Asking $39oo 696-o694________ 
‘76 Dodge Street Van, standard, mags, power steering, air, am-fm, excellent condition. $5ooo or best 
Offer. 1-372-o6o8. 

746 TRUCKS S COMMERCIAL 

 n m a u s s 
‘76 Chevy I ton. 454 eng , 4-spd 
428 N om ar 8,ooo lb. winch 4,ooo miles. 674-o548. 
‘63 C H E V Y IV, ton Flatbed, V I 
136oo Babcock at Hausm an Rd 

= 4-3 84 . 

REG.: $5295 

‘68 C h e vy ton pickup. G ood condition. $75o. 649-2985. 

SALE: 
’4 7 8 8 

’ J C D A N T I K C Catalina 2-door coupe, all white, 
1 3 r i / i x I I M V vinyl interior, 
AM-FM radio, automatic trans., power steering, power disc brakes, stock = 4 -3 5 1 -R. 
REG.: $3895 
SALE: 
’3 3 8 8 

> 7 C D A N T I A T Cntobno 4-door, be ntw oo d brown, 
I * r U H I I M V w /o ll vinyl interior, A M -fM stereo w /8-frk. tope, factory air cond., power steering, power disc brakes, stock = 3-2o2. 
REG.: $3495 
SALE: 
’2 7 8 8 

» 7 A 
A l A C H A A D H C 
88- 2-door, cinammon 
U L U j f Y I V r D l L C brown, beige inferior, factory air cond., AM-FM radio, power steering, power disc brakes, vinyl roof, stock = 2-1 55 . 
REG.: $3495 
SALE: 
’2 9 8 8 

’ 7 A D A N T I A T 
G rond. P,,x 
S*< vinYl top, silver 
* T r D i x I I M V metallic, all vinyl bucket seats, tilt steering, power windows, AM-FM stereo, power steering, power disc brakes, plus m any extras, stock # 9 -8 7 1 -P. 
REG : $4195 
SALE: 
$3 4 88 

’ 7 A D A N T I A r Grond A M * bronie metallic, all vinyl 
T W H I I M V bucket seots, AM-FM stereo, vinyl top, power steering, power disc brakes, rallye wheels, stock # 1 2 -1 o 9 1 -P. 

BEG.: $3995 
SALE: 
’3 6 8 8 

‘7$ C h e w »j ton pickup. $27oo or make offer. Coll: 349-3121. 
‘73 C H E V Y ’} ton pickUQ- 6 cyl standard. 
New paint. 
$23oo 
661-4511. 
74 C h e w J* ton. 4spd , Posi-troc lion . G o o se n e c k h o o ku p . A ll heavy duty, 82oo G V W New tires. 
533oo. 1-751-2o69. 
‘77 C h e w Vi ton with ca m p e r shell, must sell, wit! help finance 
Coll Art 699-3434. 
‘76 C h e w Van Completely load ed. Carpeted, paneled, ice box, m ags New tires. A sk in g $57oo. 
69o-7476 or 681-18o5 
‘75 C h e v y V a n S e r ie s IO cylinder $34oo. Call Sunday, M ay 
22nd: 433-7498. 
‘77 C H E V Y van. V-8, auto, air, rear air, T W. cc., pow er steer- ing-brakes, 4 copt choirs, am-tm 
8 track. Bob, 648-1523. 
‘74 C h e vy V an . VS, a ir, auto, loaded. $4ooo. Call 684-1177 
‘76 C H E V Y V E R S A V A N 
Cruise, TV refrigerator, dual oir, like new. $9656. 226-o291; 494-6157 
‘59 C H E V Y 5vd D um p truck, ‘62 
G M C 5yd dum p truck both extra clean! G M C needs m inor repair. 
333-oo78. 
__________________ 
74 Cheyenne Blazer, loaded and 
■ ^ w o n te d , $615o. 69o-o727. 
‘72 Cheyenne Chevy vj ton pickup m \ $2ooo. Call; 655-36o8. 
1972 C H E Y E N N E Super. Loaded! 
826-9565 695-8o56 
77 CJ 7 J E E P 
$4875 824 4235 
‘77 CJ7 4WD, auto, air, V8, lots of extras. $595o 659-1449 

C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A L E S 
Distributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO. A L A M O 
225 6146 
'IS C h e v ro le t C u sto m D e lu x e 
P ic k u p ‘ lion, 35o ca in., sta n ­ dard, radio, heater, 25,ooo antes. 
$2695. 656-8259 ofter 6 pm. . 
1973 Chevrolet C3o d isp la y V an 
826-9565, 695 8U56 
1974 C hevrolet Custom . L O A D 
E D ! 826-9565 695-8o56 
1976 Pontiac G rcn Prix, model SJ. 
Loaded! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
‘68 Chevrolet PU V-8 auto. SW B, good cond. 824-6966 oft 6 __________ 

7 3 F o rd L W B 6 cyl, stan d ard . I 
$185o 654-o94o or 655-3647 
‘74 Ford L W B Ti ton pickup, h y­ draulic tailgate $295o 533-337o 
‘69 Ford L W B 34 tan. Auto., air 
Excellent, m ust sell 
$1495. 
923.3861.__________________________ 
‘76 Ford pickup. Loaded, beautiful light brown ond white C M Bntpdlf in te rio r. L o w m ile a g e . $48oo. 
681-o68o; eves: 341-74S7 

745 - TRUCKS I COMMERCIA! 745 • TRUCKS i COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS BUSES 
TRAILERS BUSES 

7 7 Chewy pickup ’ i ton, black,; 
**57 Chevy pickup, overhauled 
Sport Pkg. E xtra H.D. tires. $15oo! equity or trade for 7 o ElC am ino ; 
. 56oo 657-1o56 equity. 627-2543. 
‘76 C H E V Y Picku p Vt ton CW B, with or without cam per $4,ooo. 
6 2 6 1 5 4 4 

•74 C H E V Y P IC K U P M o n , power steering, brakes, air, clean. 831oo. 
(1)935-2117 
77 Chevy Silverado'. SWB, oir7v8, 
•48 F O R D Pickup SW B, V8 ston- 
___________________________ ___ 
... dard, factory air, power steering, 
‘75 C h e w Pickup crew cab, dual 
; ;D, 
' re 9 ‘ 9os ii39S- Atteri 
$ii5o 344-1o/6, 349-1o42 j wheeler, 4S4, cam per special, air, 
5 696 3632. 

12,ooo miles or 12 month warranty available on some 1974 and later models.^ 
SUPERIOR 
PONTIAC 

IADWAY *92o BROADWAY 
27-5o41 

• OPEN EVENINGS 

‘63 Ckevy Pickup, by owner, good condition. $695 646 24oo 

C L U B W AGON-1977 
Fully Equipped M ust Sell 
Call Herb 225-79o9 or 533-7978 
Completely customized. ‘67 Ford van, excellent condition, see to believe, si,75o 532 69o? 

‘77 Dodge ti ton pickup, 318 en­ gine, full power and air, cam per cover, venture pk, reg gas. 
655-1982.__________________________ 
1972 Dodge Von, loaded! 826-9565, 
695-8o56_______________________ 
‘74 Dodge 4-whl drive Club Cab. 
Loaded, excellent cond. Big tires, 
38,ooo mi. Su g. $44oo, a s k in g 
$3795. 658-1696. 
D R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 Laredo Hwy 924-6551, 924-6552 
1974 E 3oo Ford window van, new 
3o2 engine, new power steering, air, trailer hitch, 
S315o. 
D ick 
432-7895 

’76 E L C A M I N O 
18,ooo actual m iles. Auto. a ir. power windows, tilt wheel, cruise, swing out seats. Looks like new 
Reduced to 
$4495. call 
Jim, 
661-4511 
71 ElCam ino. 35o, auto., air, G em top camper. $185o. 657-2oo9. 
•71 E L C A M IN O $1295 
AUTO. V-8, G O LD . 435-1641-351$ 
C U L E B R A 
74 ElCam ino. DeLuxe paint, rob ley whls, tilt whl. air, ow r steer­ ing, $3685 brakes. 1-625-3o58 
72 ElCam ino. New tires, battery 
R a d io , h e a te r. C le o n . $1495. 
W k d a y s o fte r 
5: 
A n y t im e 
Wkends: 826-7166. 
‘68 ElCam ino O range and white, good cond. S97S firm. 826-3562. 
74 E L C A M IN O V8 standard, air, 
$265o Call Toter, 734-6615 
‘68 E l C am in o with ‘71 engine, auto, air, power, stereo, m ags, beautiful condition. $135o or Best offer. 681-127o 
*71 Explorer Ford. LW B . Sharp! 
Loaded!! $1995-337-3668 
1975 Ford Bronco 4 wheel drive, air. Low mi 826-9565, 695-8o56 
‘7o Ford Cheyenne Super pickup. 
’i ton, fully loaded. 341-5684______ 
‘75 Ford C ourier Vi ton pickup. 
37,ooo m i. $2395. L ik e new . 
S tile lin e c o v e r w ith se a ts end carpet. $35o. 534-361o. 
‘76 F o rd C o u rie r with paneled 
P ooseneck C a m p e r cover. A M - 
M radio, 79oo mi. $34oo. 675-o287. 
1974 Ford Crew C A P V-8, auto., air. $3895 432-2644, 432-266o 
‘76 Ford Custom pickup. Loaded, like new. B y owner. 653-7723. 

‘72 D a tsu n P ick -u p with la rg e camper, air, standard, good con dition, clean. $1995 655-8817. 

711 

‘7o Datsun pickup. Tip Top condi­ tion! Nearly new tires. $1ooo buys it! 828-6S55- 
196o Dodge SOC Su m p T ru ck on 
. * Butane, 6 yd bed. Good Cond. No tog. $135o 495-32o5; 695:89o5. 
1975 Dodge Good Tim es Machine. 
New sound system. New Johnson 
CB, wide tires, m ags, flares, side p ip e s. 
A ll the 
“ g o o d ie s " 
1625o-658-7171 alter J: 651-6389 

‘75 Ford pickup, autom atic, air. 
$225o-344-33oo, 342-66o5 full power, stereo, am-fm tape, 
‘74 C H E V Y 11 ton, auto, air. $2995.1 
349 3o84___________________ 
I call Jim, 661-4511 

‘76 D o d g e M a x i C u sto m V a n . 
M oonroof, A M - F M 8-track, CB. 
Low mi., m any extras. $76oo. 
684-6895 t X PUC SS A N D N t W S 

‘72 Ford 6 cylinder, stick shift 
Short step Side $1$95 432-2644, 
432-266o______________ ____________ 
1973 F o rd E3oo Van. L o ad e d !! 
824-9565, 695-8o56_________________ 
•76 Ford E1oo Van. 18,ooo miles. 6 cyl stand. G ood M P G . Pow er. 
Like new! $395o 732-9473 

ADDITIONAL 
CLASSIFIED 
ON PAGE 9C 

M ore scholarship winners...Pages 2,3-E 

RANDOLPH AFB Wives Club will introduce IO debutantes to society at a tea and a ball in 
June. Among those making a bow are Misses 

Debra Marie Adams, Kathy Aline Anderson, 
Kay Read Fleenor, Gail Patricia Gabrysh and 
Vicki Lynne Johnson. 

ALSO participating in Randolph’s first debu^ tante presentation are Misses Donna Elizabeth 
M cDaniel, Melody M arie M oore, Barbara 

Gayle Morgan, Debora Deon Rogers and Teri 
Marie Tillman. Theme of the ball will be 'An 

Randolph debutantes 

* -1S | ■ 
If# rn m age :Tsm rn im sXlm 

MILDRED WHITEAKER, Women s Editor 
Sunday May 22 1977 

Michael G. Rodrigu ez, 
Roxie Noyes are tops 

6oTH ANNIVERSARY SALE 

 r~By---------------- 
NANCY 
SCOTT JONES 

Michael C. Rodriguez, a senior at Southside 
High School, and Roxie 
Noyes, a Marshall High 
School senior, are Bexar 
County’s O utstanding 
Teen-agers for 1977. 
The two were chosen from 12 finalists in the annual E xpress-N ew s competition. 

Michael, the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Salvador Rodriguez, and 
Roxie, daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Roland Noyes, represent the vast number of teens who are concerned with the future of their imm ediate com muni­ ty and the world. 
Their attitudes and g o a ls reflect a desire to achieve the ultim ate in human potential for them selves and for their fellow man. 
As Top Teens, Michael and 
Roxie, each will receive a $5o savings bond and an engraved p laq u e from the E x p re ss- 
News. 
Those who wrote the letters nom inating the two winners w ill receiv e a $25 sa v in g s bond. L e tte rs n o m in atin g more than 275 students in 
Bexar County were entered in the Express-News contest. 
Scholarships 

F o r the first tim e sin ce 
1958, when the Express-News began the annual award hon­ o rin g B e x a r C ounty’ s O ut­ standing Teens, the winners each w ill receiv e a $1,ooo sch olarsh ip from S k illern ’s 
Drugs. 
Three other finalists in the contest also will receive $1,ooo 
Skillern’s scholarships based on their scholastic achieve- 

TOWLE STERLING 
SAVE 4o% 

 on all pieces, all active patterns, one week only, use our silver club plan, silver shop. 

[ D O S T 
■ 
I 
BROS. 

“ I try to be positive,” says 
Michael who initiated South­ sid e^ first beautification pro­ ject — painting all the class­ rooms. 
‘‘It turns me off w hen people are negative. I have seen the results of negative attitudes. 
There aren ’t any,” he says emphatically. 
“ The only way to get results is to think p o sitiv ely and to work. 
‘‘Dream ing and doing are two different things. When you dream it and then do it, th at’s som eth in g very sp e ­ cial.” 
The 17-year-old grad u ate w as n om in ated by S iste r 
Phyllis Nolan, D aughters of 
Charity, El Carmen Mission, and by M aige M. Rodriguez, principal of Southside High 
School. 
“ Michael has demonstrated positive leadership qualities in all of his undertakings,” writes his principal. 
The Top Teen is currently president of both the National 
Honor Society and Student 
Council. 
“ Michael is able to instill pride in his school, prim arily through his zeal and personal exam ple. As a result of this, students volunteered to paint the in te rio r of our m ain a c a d e m ic b u ild in g ,” co n ­ tinues Rodriguez in his letter. 
Funds for the painting pro­ ject were raised from a wal- kathon from Pleasanton to 
Southside High School. 
“ The ultim ate result was com m u n ity p rid e in our building, but — even more sign ifican t — pride in our youth,” Rodriguez says. 
Michael will graduate first in his class at Southside, and he will continue his education next fall at Princeton Univer­ sity. He has received a partial scholarship from Princeton for his undergraduate studies. 
The Top Teen is an active 

TOP TEENS FOR 1977 are Michael C. Rodriguez and Roxie Noyes. 

PH O TO BY CHARLES BARKSDALE 

 ment and academ ic need. 
The th ree are R ob ert J . 
Paveglio, Edison; Victor R. 
Zavala III, Lanier, and Ruth 
De Young, Central. 
Ju d g e s c o n sid ered all aspects of the teens as “ well­ rounded individuals” — scho­ larship, community service, extra-curricular, fam ily and religious participation. 

Roxie and M ichael rep re­ sent the lifesty le dedicated teens are pursuing. 
Once these two young citi­ zens start a project they oper­ ate on two levels: “ Go” and 
“ Keep going until finished.” 
The two Top Teens have base their future goals and careers on positive thinking and high ideals. 

Poge 
2-E 
-Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy May 22 1977 
Young achievers 

Governor to address 
Council of Presidents 

San Antonio Council of Pre­ sidents will celebrate the 1977 
Awards and Installation Ban­ quet with “ A Tribute to Tex­ as.” 
The black-tie event will be at 6:3o p.m. Wednesday, June 8, in the Ana- caeho Room of the St. Anthony Hotel. 
Keynote speaker will be Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe. 
Highlights of the evening include the presentation of the group’s out­ standing organization aw ards for community service and installation of new officers. 
Mrs. William R. Stevens is mis­ tress of cerem onies and banquet chairman. Lelon Cude is president of the council 
The invocation and benediction will be given by the Rev. Dr. Guido A. 
Merkens, pastor of Concordia Luth­ eran Church and vice president of the 
Lutheran Church. 
Officers 
Mayor Lila Cockrell will participate in the ceremony. Guest soloists will be Kathryn Kinley, Miss San Antonio 
1977. and Gilbert Ware. 
The Rev. Dr. Ralph II. Seiler of 
Travis Park Methodist Church will install officers. 
New officers include: Mrs. Luella S. 
McClain president; Lonnie Crisp, first vice president; Mrs. Clarence 
Baetz, second vice president; Mrs. 

Taylor Perryman, third vice presi­ dent, and Pete Heilbron, fourth vice president. 
Also, Mrs. Frank Boehly, recording secretary; Mrs. Ted O’Krent, corre­ sponding s e c re ta ry , and M artin 
Welch, treasurer. 
Mrs. C.H. Grasso is awards com­ mittee chairman, assisted by Miller 
Montag, Dr. M.C. Bailey, George 
Musselman, Judge Walter Lough- ridge, Mrs. Leon Glasscock, Dan 
Hanke and John Monfrey. 
Members of the banquet committee include: Elton Cude, “ O.P ” Schna­ bel, and Mmes. Harry ll. Meyer,Ju­ lius Posey; F rancis Nipper and Luel­ la S. McClain. 
Hostesses will be Mmes. Otis N. 
Luck man, E.B. Jobe, C.M. Roos and 
Myrtle Oefinger. 
History 
The Council of Presidents, organ­ ized in 1931 is comprised of current and past presidents of civic, business, trade, cultural, educational and phi­ lanthropic organizations. 
Objectives of the group are to select worthy projects to advance or better conditions of San Antonio and Bexar 
County...to unite all member organi­ zations in support of all approved projects...to promote exchange of information am ong organizations represented...to honor organizations for outstanding community service. 

Summer styles will be shown 

“ Salute to Sum m er” will be the theme of the noon luncheon Wednes­ day in the Bright Shawl 
Tearoom. 

Fashions for the event will be presented from 
M ichael’s. Mrs. Harry 
Ingersoll will com m en­ tate. 
Hairstyles will be by 
Wallace’s Salon. 
Models will include 
Mrs. K. Neal Kinzie, Carl 
Nentwich, Larry O’Neill, 
Philip C arrington, Au­ gust Herff Jr. and Marvin 
Folkes. 

Fashions from the Jun­ ior League R um m age 
Sale will be modeled by 
Mrs. John Younger and 
Mrs. Jerry Handy. The sale will be Oct. 8 -IO in 

 the Convention Center. 

Luncheon hostesses will be Mrs. Clifton 
Anderson and Mrs. Arth­ ur P. Allison Jr. 

Birthday party set 

Women of the Moose, 
No. 1o75, will sponsor a birthday party for chil­ dren at the Children’s 
Shelter. 
All children who cele­ brate May birthdays will be honored with a gift. 
The event will be at 2:3o 

 p.m . T hursday in the 
Children’s Shelter. 

“ Mr. Valiant the Magi­ c i a n ” will present his special magic show. 

Mrs. Margie Dickson and Mrs. Lou Green are hostesses for the party. 

ROXIE NOYES relaxes on playground with special 
MICHAEL C. RODRIGUEZ paints 
SKILLERN’S will also award $1,ooo scholarships to Victor R. Zavala III, education student Craig Lenamond photo by *y tarky tarsus 
Southside’* library 
Ruth De Young and Robert J. Paveglio photo bv chafes barksome 

AMALFI SANDALS 28.oo 

Were 36.oo. 

Dorelli, a low heel sandal with golden trim. Bone,navy, red or white calf 

 or black patent. Buteo, with a slightly higher heel, ornamental stitching. Black patent or red, 

 navy, white, bone or camel calf. Omino, mid heel sandal 

 with crisscross straps. White, camel or bone calf or black patent. Shoe Salon. 

FROST BROS. 

SHOP FR O STS D O W N TO W N AND NORTH STAR MALL 

 j 

TOP ft 

 num ber of St. Leo’s Catholic Church, and plays the guitar in the choir. 
J Ie also enjoys reading and playing basketball. 

The young San Antonian plans to become a lawyer and eventually run for city council in San Antonio. IJe’s also keeping an eye on a seat in the 
U.S. House of Representatives. 
Michael already has dabbled in politics. As president of Student 
Council, he encouraged parents and students to take action in fighting for federal funds for improved w ater conditions in Southside schools. 
An application for water funds was rejected, until Michael and fellow 
Southside^ pursued the issue. The application is now up again for recon sideration. 
Educators 
Michael attributes his development as a mature young adult to his par­ ents arid educators at Southside. 
“ My parents began teaching me to read and write before school,” says the Top Teen. “ During school they limited my television-watching to 
Friday and Saturday nights, then it was back to the books Sunday.” 
I Second-to-the-youngest child in a family of five children, Michael is the first one to attend college. 
“Sure I get discouraged at times,” admits Michael. “ Sometimes I would 

TEEN WINNERS 

6oTH ANNIVERSARY SALE 

POLYESTER 
DOUBLE KNITS 
2.98 
TO 
5.98 
YARD 

Were 4 98 to 7.98. All 

 from our regular stock 6o” widths 

 in marvelous colors, 

 patterns. For summer and tall 

 fashions 

FROST’S 
FASHION 
FABRICS 

 be the only person who showed up to paint Sundays. But when I went back to school on Monday, I knew the week would be different! ” 
Hoxie 
At Marshall High School Roxie 
Noyes has a reputation for helping small children help themselves. 
The Top Teen, a member of the 
Home Economics Continuing Educa­ tion (HEGE), was chosen to work part-time in the Multi-Handicapped 
Unit at Leon Valley Elem entary 
School. 
The nine children in the unit have multiple disorders ranging from hv- peractiveness to speech im pedi­ ments. 
Roxie was nom inated by the members of Alpha Rho Chapter No. 
3o21 of Epsilon Sigma Alpha Interna­ tional Service Sorority and by Dr. and 
Mrs. William T. Kniker. 
The Knikers’ son, Jeremy, is a student in Roxie’s unit. 
“ I have observed Roxie in class­ room situations where she has found it necessary to lovingly but forcibly prevent a d istu rb e d child from self-injury,” writes Mrs. Kniker. 
“ Despite the scratches and bites inflicted upon her she persevered calmly, and won the ‘battle’ of re­ turning peace to a wee fellow who had totally lost control of himself. 
„ “ Roxie Noyes entered our lives as a teacher’s aide in the school system, 

 but remains as a beloved friend and source of joy. 
“ She gave up her spring vacation to be a live-in babysitter for us. During our six-day absence, she even took the four children to the theater, the skate center, and various other e x c u r­ sions,” continues Mrs. Kniker. 
"Roxie is greeted with hugs and kisses by the children, as well as shrieks of joy. She seems to know instinctively what each one requires, and is eager to fill the need.” 
Roxie may have taught the chil­ dren, but they have taught her in return. 
“ I have learned to control myself a great deal this year, and to be con­ cerned with the children’s needs,” says the 18-year-old. 
Religion 
In spite of the long hours Roxie spends at the unit, she maintains a 
B-average at Marshall, where she is presid en t of HERO-FHA (Home 
Economics Related Oceupations-Fu- ture Homemakers of America) Club. 
She is a member of Campus Life and the Methodist Youth Fellowship at Helotes Hills United Methodist 
Church. 
“ Her religion means a great deal in 

 her life,” write members of Alpha 
Rho. “ She works with the deaf stu­ dents at Methodist Mission Home and takes these children on trips to the zoo and museums and gives them parties at special holidays.” 
Roxie says her mother, a school teacher, set “a good example.” 
Roxie has participated in various conventions and workshops for the autistic child. This summer she will be a lifeguard. Her hobbies include art, cooking, sewing and cycling. 

After graduation she w ill attend the 
University of Texas at San Antonio. 
She wants to continue her studies as a special educator. 
“ Eventually, I would love to be in charge of a unit like this one, doing this fantastic work. “ I also hope more people in the community will be in­ formed about the work now being done in special education.” 
Judges were Mrs. Bernice Evans. 
Wheatley High School; Dick Norton, executive director of 
Youth for 
Christ; Jim O’Brien, coordinator of development, Boysville; Mrs. R.R. 
Olivares, 5th District PTA president, and Mrs. H S. Silvus Jr., Alamo Dis­ trict president, Texas Federation of 
Women’s Club. 

 chosen 

 from 

275 
Top 

Teen 

 entries 

GOTH ANNIVERSARY SALE 

Three more teens to receive scholarships 

Ruth De Young, Robert J. 
Paveglio and Victor R. Zavala 
III are the Top Teen finalists who will also receive $1,ooo scholarships from Skillern’s the oldest and largest ho- meowned drug stores in Texas. 

This is the first year that the 
92-year-old corporation, has joined the Express-News in honoring Bexar 
County’s Outstanding Teen-agers. 
The scholarships are part of Skil­ lern’s total community involvement program. Skillern’s has 114 stores in 
Texas, including 12 in San Antonio. 
Says Skillern’s president, Mortem 
Rosenberg of Dallas, “ No other city in the state of Texas evokes as much nostalgia, romanticism, and drama as does San Antonio. It is a city of which all Texans can be proud. 
“ Skillern’s is equally proud of the two 1977 Top Teen winners and the three additional scholarship winners. 

“ The scholarships they will receive are extremely well-deserved and will help to promote.the educational future of these San Antonians. 
“Thus they w ill add to San Antonio, which is already rich in culture, a new dimension that points towards a better tomorrow for Texas.” 
The Express-News joins Skillern’s in congratulating these top scholars selected from 12 finalists announced last Sunday. 
The three scholarship winners are all seniors in Bexar County high schools. In addition to their excellent academic records, they are active participants in a variety of civic, re­ ligious and school activities. 
Music 
Ruth De Young, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Raymond De Young, is graduating fourth in her class at East 
Central High School. 
Ruth was nominated as a Top Teen by Mrs. Leroy K. Grimes. 
The East Central senior excels in 

 music. She has placed first in solo in 
UIL state competition for the past two years. 
She is a member of the National 
Honor .Society, and was awarded a 
$1oo scholarship from the VFW for her essay, “ What America Means to 
Me.” 
She sings in the school acappella choir and the All-Regional choir, and she also sings the Call to Worship every Sunday at the McKinley Avenue 
United Methodist Church. 
“ My parents and my church family have been the major influences in my life,” says Ruth. 
This fall she plans to attend 
McMurray 
College or 
Southwest 
Texas State University. 
She will probably continue her car­ eer in music. “ Ifs too early to tell,” says Ruth. “ I take one step at a time.” 
Robert J. Paveglio, son of Mrs. 
Carol Paveglio, is the youngest gra­ duate in the 1977 class at Edison High 
School. The 16-year-old is completing 

 his high school education in three years. 
The National Honor Society and 
Fine Arts club member was nomin­ ated by many teachers at Edison and family friends. 
Those who nominated him include: 
Mrs. W. E. Tucker. Mr. and Mrs. 
Frank F. Garrish Jr., Ann Arnot, 
Pearl A. Flanagan, Mrs. Dorothy P. 
Whyte, and Dr. Carl E. Bosshardt. 
Mrs. Lucite S. Larimore, a friend, has been one of Robert’s major in­ fluences. “ She helped to boost my morale and support my career ambi­ tions as well as give me an apprecia­ tion for many things,” says Robert. 
Robert lettered on Edison’s golf team during his freshman and sophomore year. He has also served as a volunteer leader in the National 
YMCA’s Volunteer Leaders’ Club program and was a representative on the Senior Planning Board. 
The American Legion presented him a certificate in April for his participation in academic and special 

 interest groups. 
He also is active in swimming, tennis and bow ling. 
Robert is proud that he will gra­ duate in three years. He lists the 
Skillern’s scholarship and the Ex- press-News Carrier of the Year 
Award, which he received at age 14, as his top accomplishments. 
The scholarship winner will attend 
San Antonio College this summer. He plans to finish college in three years, with a major in commercial art. 
Academ ic 
Victor R. Zavala III, Lanier High 
School senior, also has a long list of academie and scholastic achievements. 
He is the son of Victor R. Zav ala Jr. and Mrs. Olga R. Zavala. 
"My mom has been my greatest support,” says Victor. “ She has al­ ways pushed me and told me to never give up. 
“ Just stay in there and don’t give up is what she told me when I lost an election in the seventh grade,” re­ 

 calls Victor. 
"Well. I did, and I finally won in tenth grade,” be says. 
Victor is president (J District XX. of Future Teachers of America. He is the only student at Lanier ever to be elected to this office. 
He received the 
Montgomery 
Ward award, which honors area high school students. 
He also was a 1976 finalist in the 
Express -News Top Teen Contest . 
Victor will either attend Tulane 
University or the University of Hous­ ton. He w ill major in political science, and hopes to attend St. Mary’s Uni­ versity I jaw School. 
Some day lie hopes to win a seat in the U.S. Senate or House of Repre­ sentatives. 
J, 
Victor was nominated for the Top* 
Teen Contest by Maria Elena (’.* 
Ortega, Mrs. Bennie Carter, and by members of his family, including his grandfather Ernest Perrin, and his sisters*. Diana, Dahlia and Delores 
Zavala. 
FROST’S 6oTH ANNIVERSARY SALE 
THE STOREWIDE SAVINGS CONTINUE IN OUR UNPRECEDENTED ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION. 

SPORT SHOP COORDINATES 
NOW 18.99 TO 39.99 
Were 28.oo to 74.oo. Blazers, pants, tops, shirts, vesrs in polyester, 6 to 18 sizes 

PREDICTIONS COORDINATES 
NOW 9.99 TO 47.99 
Were 14.oo to 72.oo. Skirts, culottes, blazers, pants, vests, shirts in summer colors, 6 to 14 sizes. 

FROST 
BROS. 

YOU MIGHT WIN A 6oo,oo FASHION WARDROBE OF YOUR CHOICE FROM FROST'S. REGISTER NOW THROUGH MAY 3o IN ANY OF OUR STORES. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY, 

SHOP FROSTS DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 

E. Hixson, was published in Adult Leadership m a­ gazine. 

Dijon Plaza 
8 2 6 -1 9 4 1 77o1 Broadway 

FLOWER SONG 
MORNING BLOSSOM 

EVENING STAR 

The Great Annual Lenox 
China and Crystal Sale. 

Now save 15% through May 3o. 

our Annuai Lenox China 
--jfq 
' and Crystal Sale is on 
J/ now. You can acquire prestigious Lenox China 
L 
; 'VT 
. / in services for 6, 8. or 12 sVv«EJ^ 
V 
. / at fabulous savings. 
^ l f 
I, 
Sparkling hand-blown i\ h 
Lenox lead Crystal is ii 
■j on sale too. 

- 
- 
CANTO 
Buy a complete set of Lenox China and Crystal in the open stock pattern of your choice. 
Come in and select your patterns soon. 

N E W A C CO UNTS INVITED • NEVER A N Y INTEREST OR C ARRYING CHARGE 
M O N D A Y T H R O U G H SATURDAY 1 o :o o A M . TO 5 :3 o P.M. 

223 i i HOUSTON ST 
226-8387 

Poge 
4-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 22 1 9 7 7 
Celebrities star in bash for Kissingers 

ELEPHANT lovers lain and O ria Douglas-Ham il ton visit U.S. 

C elebrities poured into the 
Iranian embassy by the dozens for Ambassador Ardeshir Zahe- di’s big glamorous dinner for 
Henry and Nancy Kissinger. 
II was the first his-and-hers decor­ ating party anyone could rem em ber. 
Henry received the green sash of the important Grand Order of Homayoun; 
Nancy, the two handsome m edals of the O rd er of H aft P ey k ar (seven stars). 
There were the Gregory Pecks; the 
Mike Wallaces (his interview with the 
Shah displeased Iranians but Henry put him on the list); producer Bob 
Evans and his bride of five weeks, 
Phyllis George; Mollie Parnis; Dianne von Furstenburg. 
All m ingled madly with such Wa­ shington VIPs as David and Evange­ line Bruce, the Dick Helmses, Herman 
W ouk, Sens. Howard B ak er ( R - 
Tenn ), Chuck Percy (R .-Ill.), Jack 
Jav its (R .-N .Y ), Abe Ribieoff (D.- 
Conn.) and their wives. 
Also House GOP leader John Rhodes 
(A ri/.), Ford cabinet members Carla 
Hills and Bill Coleman. Ford counsel 
Philip Buchen, the Sol Linowitzes, the 

 talks alxkit Washimjlon 

Jack Valentis, the Henry Cattos and pretty Kit Dobelle (wife of chief of protocol) who was leaving the next day to advance Rosalynn C arter’s Latin 
American trip in seven countries. 
Elephants lain and Oria Douglas-Hamilton are not your ordinary elephant-watchers, mind you. To begin with, he is the nephew of the late Duke of Hamilton, first cousin to the present duke, and she is the g ra n d d a u g h te r of the 
Frenchm an who built the Panam a 
Canal, Philippe de Bunau-Varilla, and also the niece of Nicole Alphand. 
They have an entree to fashionable society everywhere but they prefer to live among wild elephants, and it was elephants that brought them to Wa­ shington, though you don’t see too many of them in the nation’s capital. 
There are m ore jackasses running around here. 
The personable pair are touring the country to raise money for their ele­ phant survey and conservation project 

 which is backed by the New York 
Zoological Society, the World Wildlife 
-Fund and the African Wildlife Leader­ ship Foundation. 
“We want to find out exactly where and to what extent elephants are en­ dangered,’’ said lain. “ in a few places they are actually overpopulated but they are declining in most places.” 
In Uganda there were over 14,ooo in 
1973. Last year there were a little over 
2,ooo. Uganda has started to worry and has stepped up their anti-poaching activities. 
Oria started hunting when she was six, and at eight she was killing with a 
.22 everything from impala and wild pigs to rabbits. 
Now she is a rabid conservationist like lain, who says the death of an elephant is one of the saddest sights in the world. 
The two are am ong the fearless creatures on earth. They have sat out many an elephant’s charge in their 
Land Rover knowing, or believing, by certain signs the elephant would stop IO feet away. But they don’t recommend it. 
The girl (Lee Lyon) who took the best charging elephant picture in their 

 book, “ Among the Elephants,” was killed by one in Rwanda. lain describes an elephant as “ a m arvelous, m assive m asterpiece of nature” to which Oria adds “ with enorm ous force and extraordinary gentleness.” After all, the Bahar books were written by her Paris cousin, Jean de Brunhoff. 
Voice 

“ We’re losing m en’s m inds,” said retiring Voice of America director Ken., 
Giddens at the Giddens’ cocktail do in their Watergate West apartm ent. 

“ It’s stupidity and lack of vision (on the part of USIA) that has kept VOA in this subordinate position.” 

Cuba, he said, beams to Latin 
America 216 hours a week to our 56; 
Russia talks to them in 14 languages to our three. Russia talks to all of Africa in 14 languages for 168 hours a week to 
VOA’s four languages for 121 hours. No wonder the Communists are making headway. 
Giddens is the Alabamian who outbid everyone else for Gerald Ford’s putter at a a Boy Scout auction for $1,2oo. 

 fa th e r s clay 
^carination (lay 

 s a l e 

Ilia n s A l i o v s N gu n is rn r 

• /<»«>«! * IK ally H a g * * A l t h a 

• <»aiit • S i M i r l l i o i i i s o n 

 s h o r t s nitwits 
S I I .O O w e r e * I I to «*i I b o y s 
S 7 shirts 
IIKUIS 
S I 2 b o y * 
SII 

 s w i r l i e r * 
■non* s I r» b o r * 
S I I 

 wen* * I I 

 w e r e * I .*1 lo *tZ I 
« o ro S I I 

 won* * 2 » w oro S I <» 

 o i b o r s e l e c t e d i f o i n * lip l o 
:»o% on 

 y tb m eu t 
... tor ll I rn too! 

Never 

How does one age without growing old? 
Dr. James L. Mac- 
Kay, 85, says there is a difference between growing old and liv­ ing a long time. 

“ Old denotes obsoles­ cence,” he declares. 
Dr. M acKay (p ro n ­ ounced MacKi) is a man who refuses to becom e obsolete. 
He still d riv es a car and began oil painting at age 79. He gardens, lec­ tures, teaches communi­ ty service courses and helped esta b lish and serves on most of the lo­ cal boards and com ­ m ittees re la tin g to the elderly. 
And that is not all. He keeps up with the news in his profession and in go­ vernment. He is an avid le tte r w rite r and his book,’’The Dynamics of 
Happy R e tire m e n t” is ready for publication. 
Last January his a rti­ cle, “ Tow ard a B etter 
Understanding of How to 
T each O lder A d u lts,” 

The establishment and initial administration of the San Antonio E xten­ sion Institute of Lifetime learning is, perhaps, Dr. 
M acKay’s greatest con­ tribution to the commun­ ity. 
This institute, which offers eight-week com ­ munity service courses to perso n s 55 y ears and older, started seven years ago with three classes in 
Dr. 
M acK ay’s living room. 
This spring 3,2oo peo­ ple re g iste re d for 74 courses held in churches and neighborhood cen­ ters around the city. 
The program , now as­ sociated with San Antonio 
College, was the first, and is the biggest of its type, in the United States. 
The parent sponsoring o rg an izatio n s, the N a­ tional Retired Teachers 
Association and A m eri­ can A ssociation of Re­ tired Persons, use it as a model in other cities. 
“ There s nothing that ap p ro ach es u s ,” 
Dr. 
MacKay says. 
New career 
He supposedly retired 
18 years ago at age 68, but actually he began another career. 
Using his experience as an educator in counseling and g uidance as a springboard, 
Dr. 
Mac­ 
Kay took off into geron­ tology. 
This was not his ori­ ginal plan. He expected to continue his part-tim e counseling and guidance practice after a tour of 

 conclusion they d id n ’t have enough constructive activity to keep them busy,” he says. 
This is the reason Dr. 
MacKay founded the lo­ cal Institute of Lifetime 
Learning. 
As a prescription for happiness in later years, 
Dr. M acKay su g g ests three things: I) pleasure of the senses as appropriate, 2) joy of as­ sociation and 3) satisfac­ tion of service. 
“ It goes from the lowest to the highest form,” he said. 
Service to senior citi­ zens has become a way of life for Dr. MacKay. Not only did he join everyth­ ing in town which oro- 

 tim e Learning and is a m em ber of the Retired 
Senior V olunteer P ro ­ gram board of direcors. 

As a tribute to his ac­ tive life, Dr. MacKay re­ ceived the national “ Sen­ ior Citizen of the Month” medallion in March 1976. 
This award, co-sponsored by the National Council of 
Aging and 
K entucky 
Fried Chicken, goes to the older American who demonstrates senior citi­ zens can lead productive lives. 

In his book, Dr. Mac­ 
Kay urges oldsters to un­ derstand their frailties and problem s, u n d e r­ stand what they can do about them and plan what 

You retire at the height oj your wisdom , skill and financial con­ dition a n d go dow n fro m there....' — Dr. James L. M ac­ 
K ay 

 vides services for the el­ derly, he has taken lea­ dership roles in these groups. 
In 1971 the governor appointed him as a dele­ gate to the White House 
Conference on Aging. 

 they are going to do when they get worse. 
“ R ecognize you are born helpless, and bar­ ring accidents, you will die helpless. From age I to 25 you go to indepen­ dence. The next 4o years, 
He helped petition the you run the world. 
City Council to establish the office which became the Metropolitan San An­ tonio Office of Aging. 
L ater, Dr. M acKay chaired the task force that organized the Area 
Agency on Aging for the 
Alamo Area Council of 
G overnm ent. He still serves as consultant on gerontology for th at agency. 
Dr. 
M acKay is a member of the advisory com m ittee for the con­ version of the com ­ m ander’s house at the 
Arsenal to a Recreational 
Center for Senior Citizens throughout the city. The 

I came to the conclusion they 
(the elderly) didn't have enough constructive a c tiv ity to keep them busy.' — Dr. Jam es L. 
M acKay 

Europe. Instead, he re­ tu rn ed hom e a fte r 13 months abroad and found himself on a shelf. 
“ I wasn’t asked to do things in the church or com m unity any m o re,” he said. 
As Dr. MacKay began to experience aging, he began to study the prob­ lem s of his contem por- lems of his contempo­ raries. 
“ I cam e to the 

 federal government has allotted $4oo,ooo to this project. 
Dr. MacKay is pushing for two privately owned, luxury apartm ents to be erected on the eight acre grounds around the center to bring up to 1,5oo well-to-do persons to the inner city. 
He continues to serve on the board and education com m ittee of the local Institute of Life- 

SHELLY'S 

* am ple sleeve length 

 shoulder room 

* longer torso 

* proper inseam 

* at right lengths 

Sizes 7-22 in JHS.. M IS SY . & 
C O S T E M P O H A H I 
F A S H IO N * 

Shelly’s Tull Girl Shop 
\\ I VISON PANK MALL 
653-9363 
I m; \our Shelly’s Incant ( barge 

“ You re tire at the height of your wisdom, skill and financial condi­ tion and go down from there—eyes, ears, loco­ motion—until you die. 
Trinity 
Dr. 
David 
O liver, professor of gerontology at Trinity University of­ ten introduces MacKay as “ Dr. Jim , one doctor who practices what he preaches.” 
Dr. MacKay says, “ I know I’m a little wobbly, have a trem o r in my hands, a tendency toward gout, lack thyroid, have arthritis of the spine and w ear two hearing aids, and I live accordingly. 
“ I don’t let these re­ strict me more than ne­ cessary. I’m saving some writing for a time when I can’t get out. 
“ When I can’t use the typewriter, I’ll use tape recorders.” 
Dr. M acKay h a sn ’t been able to write easily for several years, so he uses the typewriter. 
“ W;ith a flair point pen, 
I can get enough traction to sign my name, and if I use two hands I can write legibly,” he said. 
“ A lthough 
I c a n ’t write, I can paint. I dub.” 
Dr. MacKay thoroughly believes and often reiter­ ates his own thought: the wisdom of age compen­ sates for the frailties. 

YMCA sets marathon 

Central, Westside and 
Las Colonias YMCA Run­ ning clubs will have their third annual Las Colonias 
Marathon Saturday. 
The event will start at 
6:3o a.m . from Pablo’s 
Grove City Park. 
More than 15o runners from Texas and the 
Southw est will p a rtic i­ pate in the 26-mile 385 
Yard. 
Each runner who com­ petes in the long distance running event will re ­ ceive a marathon T-shirt. 
P laques will be a awarded to the following age divisions: 
19-years-old and under; 
2o to 29-years-old; 3o to to 39-years old; 4o to 
49-years-old, and 
5o-years-old. 
First and second place awards will be given to wom en. 

FAYE SCHNURIGER gives Dr. James M acK ay pointers on painting 
PHOTO BY JOSE BARRERA 

SHOE FAIR BUYS OUT 
THE FAMOUS 
U.S.KEDS 
“ GRASSHOPPER” 
YOU SAVE $4 

THE #1 W OM ENS 
CANVAS CASUAL 
REGULARLY $11 

•N A V Y 
•RED 
•CHINO 
• B LA C K 
•N ARRO W / 
M ED IU M 

NOW ONLY 

SHOE 

♦ 

BAT-WING ‘BIG LOOK’ FROM YAMAMOTO 
...over rib knit tights in Paris show 

NEW YORK - “ Big Is 
Beautiful,” is the slogan on the 
Paris runways this season, ac­ cording to Rita Perna, vice- president and national fashion coordinator of M ontgom ery 
Ward, reporting on the new ready-to-wear collections. 
“ The designers came out with a definite statement to this effect and the result is a whole new gamut of fashion forms. The major mood that dominates most of the collections is big, soft, and breezy.” 
Everything is fuller, looser; with tucks, shirring, and gathers con­ trolled at the shoulder or waist to make the look pretty and wearable, says Ms. Perna. D raw strings are used everywhere to create recogni­ zable shapes out of all the abundant yardage. 
“ But the over-all marketing gim­ mick the designers came up with this season was multiple dressing. 
“The layered look of the past is kid stuff compared to what’s happening now in Paris,” she continues. 
“The total look adds up to a com­ bination of various levels of garments 
— the coat, over the jacket, over the vest, over the blouse, on top of the skirt, over another skirt, over a pet­ ticoat, etc. And the shawl, over ever­ ything, worn everyway.” 
She points out that 1977 should be a great year for outerwear. 
Fuller 
“ Shapes will be fuller with drop raglan, or kabuki sleeves. Many coats will have zip-in or button-out linings to combat cold winters. Heavy em­ phasis is on the cape, the cloak, mantles, and serapes — perfect vehi­ cles to top all those pieces worn un­ derneath. 
“ Jackets will have straight easy lines, not tailored to the classic sil­ houette as in the past. This makes them the perfect mate for the fuller dirndl and circle skirts, as well as those full top, tapered bottom trousers that are becoming the rage. 
“And the vest (boleros, waistcoats, and the newer gilet) has developed its own importance, to be worn with everything.” 

FROM YSL blouson, clown pants 
RUFFLES AND BOWS 
... Valentino charmer 
LAYERED DRESS 
.by Ter & Buntine 
Furnishings, accessory things &. imaginings. 

Oh, do w e have good things for you. Furniture from contemporary to traditional, handsome accessories from everywhere, and the designer imagination to pull it all together or just to lend a professional tip or two. Ifs all here for home or office, so come and see us soon. 

DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS • SAN ANTONIO 

9329 WURZBACH AT BLUEMEL 696-1 791 
BANKAMERIC ARD. MASTER CHARGE. REVOLVING CHARGE 
MON TUE. WED. &. FRI. 1o-6: THURS. 1o-8; SAT. 1o-5. 

Jeane Dixon 

He’s A Reporter First. 
Jack Anderson. 

Every day in the Express. 

Monday, May 23 
YO U R 
B IR T H D A Y 
TO D AY: 
Self-reliance in­ creases this year and next, as you enter new fields of in te lle c tu a l in te re s t or specialize within existing vocation. 
R eturn to fo rm a l education if circumstances a re appropriate; line up self-education programs on your own if nothing else is feasible. Relationships are fragile. 
Today’s natives are self- starting, stir up more ac­ tivity than they can cope with. 
A R IES (M arch 21-ApriI 
19): 
Your week begins with definite action, impor­ tant contacts. G re a t for taking on a new job, extra assignm ents. 
At hom e avoid jokes, ru ffle d feelings, neglect. 
TAURUS (A p ril 2o-May 
2o 
Watch sudden money moves, make no side deals. 
Improve your health, drop habits that don’t contribute. 
L eave re p a irs , use of power tools to profession­ als. 
G E M IN I (M a y 21-June 
2 o): 
P e rs o n a lity , in ­ dividual efforts claim more attention than usual in bu­ siness or c a re e r. T ak e care, no rush. Too many com m ents and you con­ tradict yourself. 
CANCER (June 21-July 
22): 
Beware an impulse to plunge fin a n c ia lly , speculate or overbuy. Pre­ sent a sound plan, shaw consistent productivity, at­ tra c t end orsem ent. 
No family bickering! 

LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): 
It's your turn to call the shots, won’t work out if you 

 overdo. Too much initiative starts something you can’t fin ish . T ake fu ll resp on ­ sibility, all credit. 
V IR G O (A u g . 23-Sept. 
2 2): 
A n yth ing se c re t begun now is revealed in unflattering light in short order. Travel isn't favored; check in ad van ce. D o n 't work ‘ with hazardous substances. 
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): 
A strong sales pitch brings exceptional results, lasting support w here it counts. 
Friends' schemes are not compatible with your inter­ ests. Skip them! 
SCORPIO (O ct. 23-Nov. 
21): 
Cope with unfamiliar business w ithout flap or passing the buck. Get all agreem ents, prom ises in w ritin g , w itnessed. 
Rom ance e n te rs a new phase, quite serious. 
S A G IT T A R IU S 
(N o v . 
22-Dec. 21): Take into ac­ count the nature and quality of associates, competitors. 
Postpone legal actions. Ig­ nore wild rum ors, neither repeat nor offer rebuttal. 

C A P R IC O R N 
(D e c . 
22-Jan. 19): Changes made now have perm anent im ­ pact whether successful or not. L im it them to w hat you’re sure you w ant. 
Skim ping is as unecon­ omical as splurging. 
AQUARIUS (Jan. 2o-Feb. 
18): 
Your insight seems illogical, but go ahead in good faith on the basis of w hat you know of the problem s. 
R e m e m b e r: compliments don't form a contract. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 
2o): Temporary conditions ran ge fro m am u sing to depressing, upset plans. 
S ta rt only new p ro jects w ith sh o rt-ra n g e goals. 
Pass the good w ord on favorable developments. 

Yves Saint Laurent used it over a coat, Valentino teams it with a blazer and skirt, and Ter and Bantine com­ bine it with a two-piece dress. 

Ruffles and lace define the femin­ ine look in blouses. Even shirts have gone sweet with fluid lines, puffy sleeves and smaller school-girl col­ lars. No one can overlook Valentino’s evening peplum which truly epito­ mizes loveliness, according to Ms. 
Perna. 

YSL’s high ruffled neck blouse is typical of the smock silhouette that the further develops in dresses. 

“ Big batwing sweaters that show off the genius of Kanzai Yamamoto are very exciting,” she says. 

“ Colors and intarsias appeal to lovers of design. Dorothy Bis con- 

The layered look o f the past is kid stu ff compared to what's happening now in Par­ is. ’ — 
Rita Perna 

 tinues with her sweater coats, back­ ing them up with landscape patterns. 
With big shapes dominating tops, narrower pants now have the right proportion for bottoms.” 
Dress story 
The most important story, notes 
Ms. Perna, is the dress. 
“ From season to season we have watched it gain in significance until it has taken center stage and become the main theme around which all the other looks revolve. 

“The short dress is still making its entrance, hiked up or let loose, worn over skirts or pants, or alone over a terrific selection of boots, tights, and leg warmers. 

“ Longer lengths hold most of the drama in school-girl dresses, smock shapes, m odified peasant looks, two-pieces, multiples. Saint Laurent uses his smock shape as a blouse, as a dress, or as a tunic over a skirt.” 

Evening looks have a sportswear feeling, she reports. 

“ T here is a gorgeous array of blouses with peasant and Victorian influences to be worn with velvet slacks or big full skirts. 
“Number one fabric is velvet, and evening suits offered by Valentino and Saint L aurent are stunning. 
There appears to be renewed interest in moire, often worn with velvet for an elegant appearance. 
“ F abrics have a light and airy quality, be they paper-thin taffetas or gossamer wools. No m atter how piled on the layers are, or how enor­ mous the shapes, the effect never seems heavy or cumbersome.” 
Colors fall into three categories, says Ms. Pena. “ Neutrals, with khaki joining the ranks, prove to be an excellent base to combine with the other two groups — P ales and 
Brights. Pales are lovely in wools and silks. The Brights are deeper and add richness to dresses and sweaters. 
Blouson 

“Thus, last year’s blouson grows in size and is reflected in every category of apparel. 
“Emphasis on this bubbly, bloused, and billowy silhouette should appear on American soil once the voluminous sizing and abundant yardage have been reduced to a saleable state, 
“So forget your diets! The shape of things to come for fall measures up to a beautiful blanket of looks to pile on and cover up a multitude of eating sins.” 

LAYERED Italian knits are from the fall-winter collection of 
New York’s Bill Haire of Frederick Sport to be modeled 
Thursday from 1o a.m. to 9 p.m. in the Menger Smart Shop, 
North Star Mall, and 9 :3 o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Friday in the 
McCullough Avenue shop. This is one of the first shows out­ side New York. 

Through the joyous years, how many times will she look at her wedding set, touch it, smile, and be glad? Make it magnificent! Three ideas with diamonds in 14 karat yellow gold: A. With 
3 diamonds, $425. B.Oval diamond, $475. C Round diamond, $5oo. Something Beautiful for Everyone.® 

Fim* Jewelers Sinee 1878 
163 E. Houston Street / North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Che one o f Hertzherg’s convenient charge plans or 
American Express, Rank American!, Mauler Charge. 
Mail and Phone Inquiries Invited: (512) 226-9374 / 341-2566 / 654-123o 
Please add sales tax when* applicable plus $2 for postage and handling. 

Wolfman’s 

Just-In-Time-For-Summer 

SALE 

All spring merchandise 

 under 1/2 

A group of summer dresses and sportswear 

1/3 off 

Anne Klein, Halston, Robert Courtney, 
Abe Shrader, and many others 

215o E. Hildebrand 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S ~ suncjay May 22 1977 
 rBig, soft and breezy’ is 
Paris fall fashion mood 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday May 22 I 977 

SINGER nce-in-R etime sale 

W m 

E xclusive H ip A: Scxx 2-way sewing surface: just lower a panel lo sew m -the-round. T o p - s lik h cuffs, inset w aistbands, easier than cxer. 
OUR LOWEST PRICE EVER 
ON THE ATHENA* 2ooo 
ELECTRONIC HOME SEWING 
MACHINE 
Sa\4 lilO 

The pre-programmed memory bank controls and changes 25 stitches at the touch of a button. And it measures your button and makes a buttonhole all in one simple step. 
Cabinet or carrying case extra. 

 off reg. price 

OUR LOW EST PRICE EVER for the Diana* 56o electronic machine. Or save $1oo if you buy it with cabinet 266. Touch a button and get 14 different stitches. Model 56o. 

 off reg. price 

OL R LOW EST PRICE EVER on the Golden 
Toucli & Se\s * ll machine. With the exclusive 
El*P.& Sew* 2-way sewing surface for easy sewing in tight places. Cabinet or earn ing case extra. Model 77o. 
Saves7o 

 off reg. price 

SINGER 

 sew ing c e n te rs an d p a rtic ip a tin g ap p ro ved d e a le rs 
In San Antonio; 
517 W ireless P laza.................................... 534-6154 
,n New Braunfels: 
2o6 Wonderland Shopping City 
735-6168 
94o W- San 
Sfreet, 
228 Central Park Shopping Center 
342-5233 
. . . . . . . . 
715 S.W Military Drive .7 ....................... 
122-3131 
Volley Hi Moll 
; ................................ 673-o831 
4o9 M Booker Rood 

625-451o 

658-4171 

World-traveling debs 

Ten daughters of 
Air Force officers will be presented by the Randolph AFB 
Officers’ Wives’ Club 
June 18 at the first 
Randolph Debutante 
Bail — the start of what may become a tradition. 
The Randolph Debu­ tante season will open with a tea June I given by Mrs. John Wendell 
R oberts, wife of the 
Commander, Air Train­ ing Command, and Mrs. 
Dean Chase Wood, wife of the Base Commander, in the Roberts home. 
The conclusion of the season will be the Debu­ tante Ball in the Officers’ 
Open Mess. “ An Evening in Camelot” will be the theme. 
Escorts for the young women will be cadets from the m ilitary aca­ dem ies. A series of parties will horror the debs between the tea and the ball. 
Debutantes 
Honorees will be Miss 
Debra 
Marie 
Adams, daughter of Lt. Col. and 
M rs. 
Jam es 
Joseph 
Adams; Miss Kathy Aline 
Anderson, daughter of 
\ Col. and Mrs. Melvin 
Harold Anderson Jr.; 
Miss Hay Read Fleenor, daughter of Col. and Mrs. 
Kenneth 
Raymond 
Fleenor. 
Also, Miss Gail Patri­ cia Gabrysh, daughter of 
Maj. (ret.) arid Mrs.. Al­ bert John Gabrysh; Miss 
Vicki Lynne Johnson, daughter of Lt. Col. and 
Mrs. Vardaman Francis 
Johnson; Miss Donna 
Elizabeth 
McDaniel, daughter of the late Maj. 
David Cotter McDaniel and Dr. Elizabeth Logan 
McDaniel; Miss Melody 
Marie Moore, daughter of Lt. Col. and Mrs. Hu­ bert Cumbee Moore; 
Miss 
B arbara Gayle. 
Morgan, daughter of Col. and Mrs. Homer Edward 
Morgan. 

 to take bow 

Track Team at Randolph. 
She plans to study com­ puter science at Texas 
A&M this fall. 
Miss Anderson was se­ lected Senior Class Fa­ vorite and 
Prom 
Sweetheart. 
Athletics she enjoys include running and swimming, and she also likes to dance and make some of her clothes. She was born in Dover, Del. 
Scholastic 
Miss Fleenor is the top ranked girl in scholastic achievement in 
Ran­ dolph’s 
1977 graduat­ ing. class. Secretary- treasurer of the National 
Honor Society, she has been a m em ber two years. 
The 
Scholastic 
Achievement Award has gone to Miss Fleenor all four years of high school. 
In addition, she is Senior 
Class secretary, a cheer­ leader and member of the drill team. Her favorite sport is water-skiing. 
Laredo 
Miss Fleenor was born in Laredo. This fall she will enter Texas A&M to pursue studies in the 
School of Nursing. 
Miss Gabrysh is a gra­ duating senior at Samuel 
Clemens High School and is on the honor roll. Dur­ ing her two years mem­ bership on the Drill 
Team, she won five first places for individual com petition at Texas 
Lutheran College. She was Student Council representative her so­ phomore year. 
During her senior year, 
Miss Gabrysh took two drafting courses in St. 
Phillip’s College and en- 

 com pleting her sopho­ more year at the Univer­ sity of Colorado in Color­ ado Springs. 
In high school, she spent a year as a foreign exchange student in Ger­ many, studying German, 
French and Russian. 
Miss McDaniel is listed in “Who’s Who in Ameri­ can High School Stu­ dents,” and won honor­ able mention as a Na­ tional Merit Scholar. 
At the university, Miss 
McDaniel is a member of the Student Relations 
Board and is majoring in foreign languages and history. After graduating 

 hobby is collecting mushrooms in glass, cer­ amics and other forms. 
The debutante was born in Kitterly, Maine. 
Technologist 
Miss Rogers is a so­ phomore at Texas A&M 
University, where she is m ajoring in m edical technology. 
She is a member of Alpha Lamb­ da Delta and Beta Beta 
Beta Honor Societies. 
A graduate of Roose­ velt High School, Miss 
Rogers plays classical guitar, enjoys sailing, w ater-skiing, racquet ball and running. For six; 

Photos o f the 
Randolph 

Additionally, Miss De- lered the state competi- bora 
Deon 
Rogers, tion for drafting. 

Prices optional at participating dealers. 
•A Trademark of THE SINGER COMPANY 

 daughter of Lt. Col. and 
Mrs. John Allen Rogers; and Miss Teri M arie 
Tillman, daughter of Ll. 
Col. and Mrs. John Butler 
Tillman. 
Germany 
Miss Adams is a gra­ duating senior at Ran­ dolph High School and plans to enter Texas A&M 
University _ in the fall preparatory to studying law. 
Born in Omaha, 
Miss 
Adams attended school in Bitburg, Ger­ many, and was active in 
Girl Scouting. 
She was a scout, coun­ selor and leader-in-train- ning, attending an Inter­ national Girl Guide — 
Scouting Encampment in 
Dwingeloo, Holland, and a Girl-Adult Partnership 
Conference in Oxford, 
England. 
She won several Ger­ man Band Awards in in­ ternational competition and plays the clarinet, bassoon, flute, bell and lyre. Her hobbies include canoeing, ice skating and music. 
Cheerleader 
Miss Anderson is Sen­ ior Class vice president. 

Additional interests are singing with the 
Catholic Folk Group, sewing, swimming ski­ ing, roller and ice skat­ ing, ballet and tap danc­ ing, aerobatics and mo­ dern jazz. 
Miss Gabrysh was born in Balboa City, Panama 
Canal Zone. 
She plans to study ar­ chitectural design at 
Texas Tech this fall. 
Japan 
Miss Johnson was born at Tachikawa AB, Japan, and is a graduating sen­ ior at Roosevelt High 
School. A member of Na­ tional Honor Society and 
Beta Club English Honor 
Society, Miss Johnson plans to enter the School of Nursing at Texas Wo­ man’s University in the fall. 
For two years, she has been a camp counselor. 
D uring the last three years, Miss Johnson has been a District 8 Youth, 
Executive in the Chris­ tian Church (Disciples of 
Christ), and has been a deaconess in the Alamo 
Heights Christian Church for two years. 
Miss M cDaniel is a head cheerleader and graduate of Reagan High m em ber of tho G irls’ School in Austin, and is 

 from college, she plans to take the Foreign Service 
Examination and hopes to work in that field. 
Miss 
M cDaniel’s hobbies include skiing, cooking, sewing and camping. She was born in 
Columbus, Ohio. 
Honors 
Miss Moore has been aw arded highest scholastic honors during her junior and senior years at Judson High 
School, where she is a graduating senior. For two years she has been a member of the National 
Honor Society. 
She is student choir director and received highest ratings for solo and ensem ble in this year’s University Inters­ cholastic League compe­ tition. 
At the Regional Science 
Fair competition, Miss 
Moore won a Director’s 
Award, and she was named 
O utstanding 
Creative Writing Student last year. At a previous high school in Denver, she was on the Student 
Leadership Board and the newspaper staff. 
An accom plished equestrienne, 
Miss 
Moore has trained and shown her 
Appaloosa mare, winning 4o ribbons in Western and English riding and jumping com­ petition. She teaches horseback riding at Ran­ dolph Hunt and Saddle 
Club and is a member of the Alamo Pony Club. 
In the fall Miss Moore plans to enter the Uni­ versity of Texas at Austin and major in computer science. Her birthplace was Kenitra, Morocco. 
Philippines 
Miss Morgan attended 
Wagner High School in the Philippines and Ku- basaki High in Okinawa before Randolph High 
School, where she is a graduating senior. 
Active in journalism, 
Miss 
Morgan is a member of the yearbook staff. She plays on the 
Youth C enter’s G irls’. 
Softball Team, is a Red 
Cross Junior Volunteer and an active worker in the United M ethodist 
Church of Universal City. 
In the fall Miss Morgan will enroll at UTSA and will continue her studies two years later at the UT 
School of Nursing. Her years she has taught Red 
THIS WEEK’S DATE 

MONDAY 
9:3o a m. LIVING DOLLS 
UNLIMITED, in the Alamo 
Savings Bldg. Swap and 
Sale meet is planned. 
12:3o p.m. CH APTER 
BX, PEO, in the home of 
M rs. James P. H a rt fo r luncheon. 
7 p.m. 
PREC EPTO R 
GAMMA GAMMA, 
Beta 
Sigma P hi, in the San 
F rancisco Steak House. 
Secret Sisters program fol­ lows dinner. 
7:3o p.m. PRECEPTOR 
ALPHA 
KAPPA 
CHAP­ 
TER, Beta Sigma Phi, in the home of Mrs. Bertrum Gunn who w ill present "State in 
Which I Was Born.” 
7:3o p.m. PRECEPTOR 
PHI CHAPTER, 
Beta Sig ma Phi, in the home of 
M rs. Collin B u rlin g am e , who will have the program. 
7:3o p.m. XI ALPHA PSI, 
Beta Sigma Phi, in the home of Mrs. E. W. Fisk. 
Debbie Monroe will present 
“ Tomorrow’s Dawn." 
8 p.m. 
MU 
ETA 
CHAPTER, 
Beta Sigma 
Phi, in the home of Mrs. 
Rich Brow n. M rs. Jack 
Hull will present the program. 
TUESDAY 
9:3o a.m. GIBBONS LI­ 
TERARY CLUB, on the deck of the B razier Res- laurant at Los Patios. Of­ ficers will be installed. 
1o:3o a.m . 
LA U R EL 
CLUB, in the 
B rig h t 
Shawl. New officers will be installed. 
11:45 a.m . 
CLOCK 
TOWER TOASTMISTRESS 

CLUB, in the F t. Sam 
Houston O ffic e rs Club. 
Theme is "Participation — 
Do It!” 
6:3o p.m . 
ALAMO 
CHARTER C H A P TE R , 
A m erican 
Business 
Women's A ssociation, in 
Arden Grove Party House. 
D r. John C. C a rte r w ill speak an "E m ergency in 
Texas." Mrs. Pearl Anglin will be vocational speaker. 
6:3o p.m. GOLDEN EA­ 
GLE C H A PTER , 
A m er­ ican Business W om en’s 
A ssociatio n, in 
Arden 
Grove Party House. Wind­ sor Tanner w ill speak on 
"Public Education." Alice 
Bryant w ill be vocational speaker. W oman of the 
Year will be selected. 
7 p.m. 
ALPHA 
PHI 
ALUMNAE, In the home of 
M r s. M a rk B a rre tt. Of­ ficers will be installed after a salad supper. Collegiate 
Phis and their mothers are invited. 
7:3o p.m . A LPH A E P ­ 
SILON SIGMA CHAPTER, 
Beta Sigma Phi, in the home of Mrs. Art Yeager. 
M rs. Tom Howard w ill present “Sociology." 
7 3o p.m. A R TH R ITIS 
INFORMATION CLUB, in the fellowship hall of As­ bury 
United 
Methodist 
Church. Dc. Alfred Miller, rheumatoliogist, will dis­ cuss “Drugs for Arthritis." 
7:3o p.m. SAN ANTONIO 
A LU M N A E C H A P TE R , „ 
Gamma Phi Beta Sorority, in the home of Mr s. J. D. 
Prestridge. Cathryne Mel­ ton will present a program 

Consulting Far Fine Estates 
Mud Estate Items a 
^ j u u a MUSI 

A S T M ES. m c 

2o15 iV. JUam Ave. 
735-9297 

 on the Orient. 
7:3o p.m. X I Pf GAMMA 
CHAPTER, 
Beta 
Sigma 
Phi, in the home of Elaine 
Hansen, who will present the program. 
WEDNESDAY 
11:3o a m. CHAPTER 95, 
American Association of 
Retired Persons, in the 
First Presbyterian Church. 
After luncheon, Dr. Kitty 
Anamosa will lecture and show a film demonstrating simple exercises, plus other suggestions for the relief of arthritis. 
11.3o a m . 
H A R - 
LANDALE SAN ANTONIO^ 
CHAPTER 
NO. 
2438, 
American Association of 
Retired Persons, in the social hall of Harlandale 
Presbyterian 
Church.' 
Covered dish luncheon will be held in honor of Senior 
Citizens Month. Cathy Wil­ liams will discuss benefits of Social Security. 
Noon CHAPTER O, PEO, in the home of Mrs. Ward 
Lenehan with Mrs. A. A. 
Biegert as cohostess. Mrs. 
Alfred Thompson will pre­ sent "Beauty of Anticipa­ tion." 
Noon PIANO TEACHERS 
FORUM , in the Back 
Y ard. O fficers w ill be installed. 
I p.m. BLUE BONNET 
GROVE NO. 6oo1, 
Wood­ men of the World Officers 
Club, in the home of Mrs. 
Frank Katzmarek. Memor­ ial 
Day plans will be made. Mrs. C. A. Word is cohastess. 
THURSDAY 
9:3o a.m. NEWCOMERS 
ALUM N AE CLUB, will hold a bridge luncheon in 
Ft. Sam Houston Officers 
Club. Mrs. G. L. Nichols will take reservations. 
Noon C H A P TE R OW* 
PEO, in the home of Mrs. 
Dana Young with Mm es. A. 
C. 
Anderson, 
Leland 
Palmer and Fred W. Riley as caboslesses. 

Cross sw im m ing and lifesaving. 
An outdoor girl, Miss 
Rogers is fond of plants and anim als. She was born in Harlingen. 
Miss Tillman is a gra­ duating senior at Ran­ dolph High School, where she is a two-year member of 
National 
Honor 
Society. 
As co-captain of the 
Randolph G irls’ Golf 
Team, she helped win first place in the Univer­ sity 
Interscholastic 
League’s regional tour­ nament in Kingsville in 
April. 
Best Cadette 
Miss Tillman’s school drill team honored her as 
Best Cadette. An avid sailor, she has skippered in Texas State Junior 
Championship Regatta and has crewed in na­ tional competition. 
Additional interests are 
E piscopal youth ac ti­ 

 vities, dancing, w ater­ skiing and tennis. In the fall Miss Tillm an will enter the University of 
Texas to study computer science. She was born in 
Fairbanks, Alaska. 
Presentation 
At the Debutante Ball, the young ladies will be presented by their fathers to Gen. and Mrs. 
John Wendell Roberts. 
M rs. 
Spence M cFall 
Armstrong is Ball chair­ man, and Mrs. William 
David Croom II is assist­ ing her. 
In addition to the m others of the debu­ tantes, others working with the Ball include 
Mmes. Donald Dean B u ­ ford, Donald Edward 
B urggrabe, 
R ichard 
Spears Castle, Frederick 
Alex Vago, Dean Chase 
Wood, Carlton Skinner 
Simpson, Harold Sheldon 
Storer and 
Russell 
Charles Lang. 
President 
Mrs. Richard W alter 
Elder is president of the sponsoring organization and Mrs. Franklin Ger­ ald Sutter is president­ elect. 
Pages for the Ball will be Edward Livingston 
Armstrong III and Bart 
Tinsley Simpson. 
* 
A dditional parties planned for the debu­ tantes will be a Mother- 
Daughter luncheon June 
8, a barbeque at Canyon 
Lake June ll for the de­ butantes and their es­ corts, and a pool and supper party for debu­ tantes and escorts June 
15. 
A rehearsal dinner and an informal dance will be held June 17. 

“HOKEY” 
SIZES 5 TO 12 
Available In White, Camel And Navy 

*8.95 & *9.95 

UL BUG’ 
SIZES 7 TO 12 
Available In White, Camel And Navy. 

*8.95 & *9.95 
Alotof style far little feet. 

When you buy Stride Rite sandals for your child, you both get what you’re looking for. She gets some very stylish sandals. You get value and fit. We think even pretty little sandals should be tough enough to last all summer. 
Ask any m other abow Stride Rite’ 

WINDSOR PARK 
MORTH STAR MALL WONDERLAND 

* 

To be healthy, be happy 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Every now and then you w ill p rin t so ­ m ething sent in by a reader and it always adds a lift to y our colum n — a change of pace from th e everyday problems. 
I hope you will print this statement by Claire 
Rayner, English novelist and medical writer. 
“ If you are not happy, you can eat all the bran you want and jog and stay away from cigarettes and alcohol, and you will still die before your time. 

You have nothing to live for if you are not happy. 
“ I have seen human beings in the most re­ markable states of disre­ pair — p ersons who smoke and d rin k and don’t seem to take care of them selves. But they have something in their lives that m akes them extrem ely happy. 
It makes life worth living. 
So they live.” 
Makes sense, doesn’t it? — Your West Coast 
Fan 
Dear WX. Fan: Yes.it does — but think how much b e tte r your chances would be if you cure 

 had sonriething in your life that made you extre­ mely happy and you took care of yourself. 

Rights 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Does a woman have any legal rights to sue a man who breaks up her m ar­ riage and then decides he can’t divorce his wife be­ cause it would cost him too much money? 
I met Mr. Z a year ago when I went to work for him. We became good friends and then it hap­ pened. We fell in love. 
Mr. Z decided it would be best if I left his employ 
Needs for lovebug 

DEAR 
ABBY: 
F o u r y ears ago I m a rrie d my high school sweetheart. A week later I lost my job. 
Then I heard that the 
A laska pipe line paid 
$12.8o an hour, with plenty of overtime (time and a half and double on 
Sundays). 
My wife and I decided that I should go, and I’d sent her all I could save to be deposited to a joint bank account. 
In eight m onths she banked 
$16,ooo. 
She wanted to buy a home, so 
I agreed. 
When I returned at the year’s end, she’d bought a home all right! But it was in HER name, and she had another man liv­ ing with her. What an explosion! Bidding them adieu amidst blows and broken furniture, I r e ­ turned to Alaska. 

That was three years ago. Since then I’ve banked 
$87,ooo. 
Now comes a letter from my wife telling me she has split with her boyfriend, and through a “ legal tec h n ic a lity ’’ HE has gained possession of 
“ o u r” home and she needs money to protect 
“ our’’ property. 
Abby, you don’t have to tell me not to send her any money, but please tell me how to forget a wife I know is poison, but think of all day and dream of all night. 
I know I need legal ad­ vice, but I also need an antibiotic for the love bug. Help me.— JOE IN 
FAIRBANKS 
DEAR JOE: You don’t need an antibiotic for an insect bite—you need an antidote for a snakebite. 
Drive thoughts of HER out of your m ind with thoughts of HIM. 
And when the going gets rough, pray for 
Clean your own carpet! 

Its fast and easy with 
Steam Ii ner. 

Steamliner turns you into a pro. Now you can deep clean your carpets with the same equipment used by processionals. Steamliner is different from all the other home rental units. Steamliner has a patented built in brush that lifts out the dirt and 
Steamliner is as easy to use as a vacuum cleaner. C all now and reserve your Steamliner and see what a pleasure it is to have clean carpets again. 
Rent a Steam liner 
1295 

24 hrs. plus chemicals. 
Monday thru Friday only 

Montgomery Ward’s Windsor Park store only. 
654-2262 
USE WARDS 
CHARG-ALL 
. _ _ _ ____ 
_ 
CREDIT 
I f l T l i l t J l l 

 stre n g th to get you through the day. The 
Lord never gives us a heavier burden than we can carry. 
TaU 
DEAR ABBY: 
Ever since I can rem em ber 
I’ve wanted to be an air­ line stewardess. I am now 
19 and have been told by some people that I am too tall to be a stewardess. I am 5 feet ll. Is that too tall? 

I’m attractive and in­ telligent. Can you help me? - TALL IN N Y. 
DEAR TALL: 
Each airline has its own regu­ lations. Write to the air­ lines of your choice and inquire. 

Sensible 
DEAR ABBY: I am a 
12-year-old girl who is able to cook a whole meal alone if I need to. I am surprised at the number of girls my age who don’t know anything about cooking or housekeeping. 

Recently a girlfriend was at my house, and I asked her to help me peel some potatoes. She said she had never peeled a potato in her life. Isn’t that ridiculous, Abby? 
She was my age. 

My m other sta rted teaching me to cook when 
I was 9. P lease tell mothers to teach their daughters how to cook and keep house when they are young so they will be prepared when they are older. - PREPARED AT 
12 

DEAR PREPARED: A sensible idea for boys as well as girls! 

Everyone has a prob­ lem. What’s yours? For a personal reply, write to 
Abby: 
E xpress-N ew s, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
T ex., 
78297. 
Enclose stamped self-addressed envelope, please. 

16 Professional Pocket 
Portraits; Only $1.88! 

It’s graduation time. And once again you can take advantage of tremendous savings on Studers’ Professional Pocket Portraits 
. . . 16 wallet-sized portraits for only $1.88! 
But did you ever stop to think that now’s a great time to get 
?ortraits made of Mom and Dad. our kid brother. Grandma. 
Or your favorite girl. 
Studers’ Professional Pocket 
Portraits . . . for a buck eighty- 
You only pay what the pros pay. eight, you can make a lot of 
JM K ii— people happy! Get the picture? 
’Hill: MBI 

4o2 San Pedro. 223-9782 / 213 Central Park, 344-6641 1 17o3 Fredericksburg, 
735-o121 / HO North St. Mary’s, 227-8134 I 228 Wonderland Shopping City, 
735-3311 1 411 McCreless Plaza, 532-1211 / 622 S.W . Military Drive, 924-5841 / 
3711 Colony Drive,’ 696-751o 

 and went to work else­ where when people in the office began to talk. So I took a job which paid a lot less. It was quite a sacri­ fice since I am the sole supporter of myself and five children. 
Mr. Z. owns his own business and draw s between 
$45,ooo and 
$55,ooo a year. He told my mother and several of my friends that he wanted to marry me. Now he says he can’t afford a divorce. 
Is there any legal ac­ tion I can take against him? — 
Dumped And 
Bitter 
Dear D. and B.: See a lawyer but don’t be sur­ prised if he tells you you’re up th a t w ell­ known creek, lady. The law is invariably on the side of the legal wife — not the other woman. 

Underdogs • 

Dear Ann L anders: 
You’ve taken up for a good many underdogs, both individuals and groups. Now will you speak up for one of the most d iserin iin ated- against groups of all — women over 4o? 
I work for a large in­ surance company. The boss’s asinine excuse for not hiring women over 4o is this: “They aren’t on the job three months be­ fore they need a female operation.” 

Any personnel director will tell you this is a ridi­ culous statem ent. The truth is that the young swingers, both male and female, have the worst absentee records of all. 
Monday m orning s in most offices around the country, about 25 per cent of the staff is “ sic k .” 
(Hung over, of course.) 
The woman over 4o is the best employe. Her fa­ mily is just about raised. 
She doesn’t have to stay home and take care of sick kids. Many are di­ vorced these days, which means they pay more at­ tention to the job because they HAVE to work. 
The question, is, does the boss want “ scenery” or does he want efficient, loyal, m a tu re and r e ­ sponsible people in his employ? 

If you print this letter, 
Ann, I ’ll send the old 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

 geezer a copy. — Class of 
•38 
Dear Friend: 
Here it is. Start clippin’. — Class of ‘36 

Privacy 

Dear Ann Landers: Not long ago you had a letter in the column from a wo­ man who d id n ’t know what to do about a rather intimate problem. 

Her husband often be­ came amorous on Satur­ day or Sunday afternoon when the children were hanging around the house, She found this very inhibiting. You sug­ gested locking the bed­ room door and turning the stereo or the TV way up. 
Many y ears ago so­ meone asked Dorothy Dix 
(your predecessor) the sam e question. I ’m a great-grandm other now but I re m e m b e r her answer well. 
She advised, “ Tell the w om an’s husband to throw IOO pennies into the back yard. Inform the kids that when they find the IOO pennies to come and knock on the bed­ room door — not before, and Dad would double the amount.” 
It’s awful hard to find 
IOO pennies, especially when only 99 are out there. And finding 99 takes quite a lot of time, too. G.G. From Dixie 
Dear G.G.: 
A good idea, but a bit of a rip off. 
The kids should be rewarded for finding 99. 
That would make it legit. 
Planning a wedding? 
What’s right? What’s wrong? Ann Landers’s com pletely new “ The 
Bride’s Guide’’ will re­ lieve your anxiety. 
To receive a copy, send a dollar bill, plus a long, self-addressed, stamped envelope (13 cents pos­ tage) to Ann Landers, 
Express-News, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex. 78297. 

G reat Values on 

Fashionable Pantsuits 

For all summer activities — va­ cations included — look y o u r best in our polyester pantsuits. 
They're sale priced, and both long and short sleeve styles are included. Choose from a variety of pastel colorations in sizes 8- 
18. 

 regularly 
58.oo 

 now 
38.9o 

Frank Bros 

O n A la m o P la z a — -Central P ark M a ll 

W in d so r P ark M a ll 

If You*ve E v er Wondered 
W hat E ave Is... 
Find Out T od ay iii th e E xp ress. 

SOUTHWEST FOUNDATION FORUM 
PRESENTS A SALE OF TREASURES 
LARGE AND SMALL. 

From the homes of Mr. & Mrs. LewisJ. Moorman, Jr. and Mrs. A. A. Seeligson. 

On lune 3, 4, 5 you’re going to have a rare opportunity. 
A chance to choose and buy furnishings and accessories from two of the most beautiful homes in San Antonio. China, porcelain, crystal, silver, antiques, rugs, art, furniture, table linens and decorative pieces of all kinds. 
All at prices ranging from $2o to $2o,ooo. So there will be 

 something for everybody no matter the size of your home or budget. 
The sale is sponsored by the 
Southwest Foundation Forum, a non-profit organization whose sole function is to raise money for the Southwest Foundation for Research and Education to benefit medical research. 
As such the $ IO admission fee is completely tax deductible. 

DATES: Junc3,4 1o-5, June 5, 2-5 PLACE: 53o Elizabeth Road,San Antonio ADMISSION: $1o.oo (taxdeductible) 

Clip and save this announcement. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

Coming to 
ARTIQUES LTD. 

A showing of Investment Jewelry from the Red Door Antiques of 
Odessa, Texas. 
This exquisite estate jewelry is all to he priced far under appraised value. 

Show dates are: 
Thursday, 26 May 
Friday, 27 May 
Saturday, 28 May 
From IO a.m. till p.m. 

ARTIQUES LTD. 
2o15 N.E. Lott/) 41o (it Los Patios 
San Antonio, texas 78217 
1-512—655-361o 

Fashion 

BARBARA BARNETT 
CATHY KLENDSHOJ 
GERRY HINES 
KIMBERLY HANSON 
.. 
JENNIFER GAFFORD 
CINDY JOCHEN 
JANA ENGLE 
FASHION FABRICS 
B Y THE Y AR D 

 r 
IF' 

Prices Good 
May 23, 24th & 25th 
Also Good Sunday, May 22nd 
• /~'s • 
Store 

' ’N 

EASY CARE KN IT 
/visa® lantanL 
( 
BLACK-WHITE DOUBLE KNITS « 
Cc 
C c 
<■I 

BLACK-WHITE DOUBLE KNITS 
For the fashion aware— Black and white fancies plus coordinating crepe stitch. In 
1oo% Dacron®polyester— 6o "-6 2 ” wide and machine washable. 

A SMALL 

PRICE 
SUBLASTATIC 
, 
DOUBLE KNIT 
I 
PRINTS 

1oo% Polyester sublastatic print designed to feminize your summer wardrobe. Reg. 2.98 
'W. 
$ 
^ . I 66 
YO. 

BUCCANEER 
CREPE 
F a v o r i t e of m a n y 
Bridal Parties. Com­ plete selection col­ ors. 4 5 " wide, 1oo% polyester. 
$ 
1 

YD. 

HIS OR HERS ENSEMBLE 
COORDINATE 
DOUBLE KNITS 

Pair up the tweed and plaid or use beautifully alone year round colors. 1oo% polyester. Reg. 3.98 
*244 
YD. 

ZF' 
'%a\ 
Softly Sensational! 
PRINTED MOCK 
^ 
INTERLOCK PRINT 
'J 
Plus Coordinating 
VISA® GABARDINE 

Rich autumn Madaras plaids and Challis prints look that team up with solid color 
Visa® Croyan Gabardine. Rich fall tones of brown, green, blue, red, navy, and black. 
All 1oo% Kodel® Polyester-—6 o ”-62” width and machine washable. 
Mix and Match! 

% 

2 
98 
YARD 
I 
} 
J 

Reg. $2.98 

CREPE OR 
PONTE DE ROMA 
DOUBLE KNIT J 
For the fashion wise f t 

933 PU AS ANTON 
N w n N i. 973-7719 
OHM * DATS A WBR 
Am. Ai fcJM ML im. WM 

• 135 MCADOW IMM DR 
CHMT cf MwCmkA fbi. ami U tf 4)o 
Hmm* Ha. 9 7 3 -7 1 9 1 ^ 
OHM A OATS A WMK 
UAL M I AIU* ML ML W M RA. 

11425 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 
Mmmm Ha. 933-9797 
OHM * OATS A WOK 
Mat.A i IM AMA PM. im. M M PM. 

4S15 BROADWAY 
Atom# Itototoi 
Xm m Ha. lj T j4 4 o 
OHM A OATS A WBK 
PAaa.-Pri. 9t3C A M. 
9P M . tam. II K l* 

5712 WURZBACH at Iw A w *4. 
Hmm P9a. **4-41J J 
O H M * DAYS A WBR 
Am. A i WM PM im. MM PM 

6o14 WIST AVENUE c*** 
4,o 
OHM* OATS A W K 

 budget. Solid colors. ll 
FIRST QUALITY O NLY 
J } v , 
„ 
„ 
^ 
$ 188 
J 
V*. 
E y'j , 

Ai fill ULA PJL im. AJO* PM 

Teen board 

 ar *» proj ecting new image ; 

Dillard’s in Wind­ sor Park will for­ mally introduce members of its first 
Teen Board in a fa­ shion show at 7 p.m. 
Tuesday. 

The event will be at the lower level mall entrance of Dillard’s in Windsor 
Park. 
Created by Marei Ma- tich, D illard’s fashion consultant, Image Work­ shops concentrate on de­ veloping positive a tti­ tudes, self-respect and self-confidence through poise, grooming and ba­ sic modeling techniques. 
The 
Teen 
Board members are 
Image 
Workshop graduates. 
They were selected by a panel of four Dillard’s executives, including store m anger, Kamel 
Sams. 
Tile girls were chosen for their personality, scholastics, extracurri­ cular activities and poise. 
Nine high schools are represented on the board. 
The members range in age from 15 to 17 years. 
Coordinator for Teen 
Board is Babette Hanson. 

Members of the 1977-78 2 board are Pegann Artz, * 
MacArthur; 
Barbara 
Barnett, 
Lee; 
Joy;: 
Eigenberg, Cole; Jan a* 
Engle, Churchill, and,, 
Jennifer Gafford, Chur*« chill. 
“ 
Also, Kimberly Han­ son, Lee; Cindy Heman- .* dez, Clemens; Geraldine ; 
Hines, Jay; Cindy Jo- chen, Clemens; Cathy 
Klendshoj, Holmes, Sa­ brina 
Peiser, 
Judson; 
Calise Perry, Clemens, and Kathleen Stephens, 
Edison. 
Teen Board members will model Saturdays in 
Dillard’s tea room, par­ ticipate in special events and informally model fa­ shions throughout the « store. 

“ And what’s more, they will be paid for hav- lt ing all that fun,” says ‘ 
Mrs. Hanson. 
Image Workshops be-;;* gan last fall at Dillard’s. ‘Ii 
The course for teens ” includes four weeks of <* training and a finale fa-’;; shion show, the fifth • week. 

Other 
Image 
Work­ shops are also taught for grade school girls, career women and housewives. 
Sign up now! 

It’s sign-up time for club and organizations. 
Before the rush of next fall, the Women’s De­ partment staff asks that the club file information be sent in to the 
Express-News. 

Be sure to give daytime phone numbers for both president and publicity chairman. 

To handle your publici­ ty more efficiently we need to update our club registration.* 
Take a minute now to fill out the form below and mail it today. Be ready to start off the new club season with correct information in our file. 
Your cooperation will help us do a better job for. your club. 

A 
Many local organizations and clubs have already named new officers, others will be doing so in a short time. We’d like to update our current information. Please clip and re­ turn this form; 
1977-78 
Club registration 

Name of club 

Name of president 

Address................................ 

Daytime telephone number. 

Date elected......................... 

Publicity chairman 

Address.................. 

Daytime telephone number. 

Please complete this form and return it to the 
Women’s Department. San Antonio Express and News, P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex. 
78297 by June IO. 

, . T } 

 c n a o 
C I f t T IT f t f l f 1 'jl. " -i-:* ji*.' '""Ail fin if AHIA t t 4> 
© n y a g c m f ; 
Patricia Paulos bride-elect o f 
Dr. H.G. Miller ft ivfi-, and Mrs. Ernest G. Paulos of 
Magna, Utah, announce the engage­ ment of their daughter, Patricia Joann 
Pauios, to Dr. Howard Glenn Miller, son of Dr. and Mrs. Sidney L. Miller. 

The bride-elect graduated cum laude from the University of Utah with a degree in elementary education. She was a member of Alpha Lambda Delta, 
Chi Omega, and was a varsity cheer­ leader. 
Her fiance graduated from the Uni­ versity of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he was a member of Phi Beta 
Kappa. He is a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece, Order of the Old 
Well, and the Order of the Grail. He was a recipient of the Algernon Sidney 
Sullivan Humanitarian Award. 
He is also a graduate of the Alabama 
School of Medicine. He was a member of Alpha Omega Alpha and was selected Alabama State Merit Scholar. 
An Aug. 2o wedding is planned in Salt 
Lake City, Utah. 
PATRICIA J. PAULOS 

Bily-Nayior 

Mr. and Mrs. Joseph 
R. Bily of Houston an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Betsy 
Jo Bily of Dallas, to Pa­ trick Oliver Naylor of 
Arlington. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Joe o. 
Naylor Jr. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert E. 
Lee 
High 
School in 

Houston, 
Southern 
Methodist University in 
Dallas, Caruth School of 
Dental Hygiene, and 
Baylor College of Den­ tistry. She was a member of Kappa Delta, Alpha 
Lamba Delta, and Tri 
Beta. 
Her fiance graduated from North Texas State 
University in Denton. He r i i i 

 i i 

 l rI 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

READING 
IMPROVE 
R e a d in g — C o m p re h e n s io n 
V o c a b u la ry 
B uild F u n d a m e n ta ls of Phonics 
1st THRU 6th GRADES 

TWO 5-WEEK SESSIONS 
JUNE 6 THRU JULY 8 
JULY I I THRU AUG. I 5 

Call Now ior Appointment for first session testing 
ENROLLMENT LIMITED 

OUR NEW NORTHEAST CENTER OPENING JUNE I 
1o235 IH 35 N aith (Starlight Exit)______ 
Learning 
Foundations 

We M ake It E asier To Learn! 
5312 JACKWOOD t* tOOP 41o * BANGAR?) 
681-oo33 

“I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I.I 
Carpet Cake 

R oads T o C ontentm ent 
I f yuu are not contented with your status today, feel normal — you are just one in m illions o f discontented souls. No one is born with a built-in virtue of contentment and perhaps it is better that way. Iii our never-ending struggle for contentment, remember this well: "You can live and like it by striving and hoping for the hest hut making the hest of what you get.” If you are sitting back. waiting and letting things happen; if you nurture your discontent by fin­ ding fault with everyone hut yourself, then trying to make you happy is like trying to fill a sieve with water . . . regardless of what and how much you pour into it, it passes through too quickly to gain effect. Let s study the four main causes of discontent and at least try to convert them to contentment. 
Four Causes 
Number one on our list of causes for being discontented is selfishness. We establish ourselves up as a center to everything that must happen. We believe we must not he left out, the spotlight must always be directed on our coun­ tenance and only our autograph is official. 
The second cause for discontent Is jealousy. We become morally depressed, saddened and feel dispossessed of so much material wealth that really should be ours but given to and enjoyed by others. Haired is born, neighbors are lost and personal privation breeds deep discontent. 
Next on our list is covetous. 'Why compromise?” we inwardly ask. "The wairld is mine to have aud to buhl. Regardless of what it takes, it is there ami I wjant it,” so we believe. Only an abundance of material wealth may satisfy and fill such an empty heart. 
Finally and perhaps most popular of the four causes for discontent is envy. 
We see our neighbor’s success as having been stolen from us. "We are purpose­ ly kept on the sidelines while he gets ail the breaks in life, he was horn with luck,” we think. Too often though, luck is a lazy man’s estimate of a hard worker’s success. Too often affluent parents mold their children to believe that wishing is enough to bring results, complaining or crying certainly must make things happen . . . or at least gain sympathy. Socrates .^aid: "Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.” 
Cures 
The seeds that foster and foment contentment are so simple and so available that they are yours for the taking. 
At the outset, let s recognize our limits and live within them. W hether our home is walled and gardened by one acre or our castle by three acres, let our conscience that knows our limits sustain our happiness. A walled garden is certainly one of the most peaceful places in the world. Beyond its gates, one may admire the beauty of our natural world and remain enchanted, within its gates one may live peacefully and find contentment through faith and love and compassion aud so much more. 
The contented man, though he possesses so very little, is never poor. Oil the other hand, the thoroughly discontented man is never rich even though he has so very , very much. 
C auses And Cures For " Sick” Carpet 
Madam housekeeper, if you are concerned about the "health” of your carpeted floors, you are to be highly complimented. Your concern is justified bet ■ause you realize that: A. . .carpet accepts and holds soil, stains, and so nfuch more. You know too that regular 'do it yourself" cleaning helps but is not the everlasting answer. B .. . because your carpet is practically the shoe cleaner iii your home, you know that the outside world witli all of its germs re­ nnin imbedded in your carpet. Carpet men know that the grit and stains become abrasives that shorten the life of expensive carpet. 
The answer: "Let your chosen reliable carpet dealer examine your carpet s health and advise you how to save it. 
Choose a specialist who knows and un­ derstands carpet . . . he ll make the necessary house call. Choose a carpet store well respected for its sincerity. 
Remember and remember well! Not all carpets will accept steam cleaning. 
Let a carpet specialist advise you. 
N ext W eek 
We will start a series of discussions oil "How to invest iii carpet.” Until then, believe this: "You’ve finally found the right road to success when you realize that any failure is just a detour.” 

—---------------------------------------- — inquire A b o u t 
----------------------- 

• Important booklet oil Carpel Cure* 

J? Phone. orY u?it.T^l O ’KmU 
• JOO SeoJPedrn • 227-7387 

BraswellMartln 
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar J. 
Braswell of 
Corpus 
Christi announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Cynthia Ann, to James H. Martin Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. 
James H. Martin. 
The bride-elect, for­ merly of Corpus Christi. is a graduate of Texas 
Christian University. She 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday May 22 1977 

 was a member of Zeta 
Tau Alpha. 
Her fiance graduated from the University of 
Texas at Austin where he was a member of Sigma 
Nu. 
The couple plans a July 
16 wedding in the First 
Presbyterian Church of 
Corpus Christi. 

TIME TO SHINE 

Mr. and Mrs. Mac 
Acosta announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Adela Eliza­ beth, to Joseph Leonard 
Gonzalez, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Santiago Flores 
Gonzalez. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Alamo 
Heights 
High 
School. 
She received her B.A. degree in Inter-American 

Acosta-Gonzaiez business from Incarnate 
Word College. 
Her fiance graduated from Holy Cross High 
School and St. Mary’s 
University. He received a 
B.B.A. degree in m ar­ keting and is a member of Tau Delta Sigma. 
A July 16 wedding is planned in Our Lady of the Lake University Cha­ pel. 

 is a member of the 
Texas Bar Association, 
American Bar Associa­ tion, Grand Prairie Bar, 
Blue Key, Sigma Iota 
Epsilon, Phi Kappa The­ ta, Interfraternity Coun­ cil Judicial Board and 
Phi Theta Sigma. 
He also graduated from 
Southern Methodist Uni­ versity Law School where he was a member of the 
Order of the Barristers and Delta Theta Phi. He was president of Moot 
Court Board and in the 
Fulbright-Jaworski Moot 
Court Competition. 
A July 9 wedding is planned in St. L uke’s 
United Methodist Church at Houston. 

Heckniann-£chols 

Christine Lyn Heck- mann, daughter of Kirk 
S. Heekmann, is engaged to 
Ronald 
Tillman 
Echols, son of Mrs. Mary 
Buquor. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Alamo 
Heights High School and 
Trinity University. 
Her fiance graduated from Central Catholic 
High School and attended 
Sun Antonio College. 
The wedding is planned for Sept. 3 in 
Blessed Sacrament Cath­ olic Church. 

Pantuso 
Mr. and Mrs. Frank N. 
Pantuso announce the engagement of their daughter. Virginia L. 
Pantuso, to Robert John 
Sledge, son of Mrs. Ann 
Sledge. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Southwest 

■Sledge 
Texas State University. 
Her fiance graduated from Rancho High School in Las Vegas and attend­ ed Palomar College in 
San Marcos, Calif. 
The wedding is planned for July 23 in St. 
Gregory’s 
Catholic 
Church. 
Hill-Varoff 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
E. Hill of Lubbock an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Jennie 
Camille Hill of Lubbock, to Gregory D. Varoff of 
Houston. He is the son of 
Lt. Col. (ret.) and Mrs. 
George D. Varoff. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Coronado 

High School in Lubbock and Texas Tech Univer­ sity. 
Her fiance graduated from Robert E. Lee High 
School and Texas Tech 
University. 
The couple plans a July 
2 wedding in St. Luke’s 
United Methodist Church at Lubbock. 

Holder-Thornton 
Mr. and Mrs. Jimmie 
R. Holder of Lubbock announce the engage­ ment of their daughter, 
Lanie, to John H. Thorn­ ton, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
William J. Thornton. 
A July 16 wedding is planned in St. Joseph 
Catholic Church, Bryan. 

Roth-ToWnsend 

Mr. and Mrs. Jack 
Roth announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Nancy Ruth, to 
Richard Lambeth Town­ send, son of Dr. and Mrs. 
Courtney M. Townsend of 
Paris, Tex. 
The bride-elect attend­ ed the University of 
Colorado. Her fiance re­ ceived a B.A. degree from the University of 
Texas and a degree in law from St. Mary’s Uni­ versity. 
The couple plans a wedding in Austin. 

BrunnemanD- 
Richardson 
Mr. and Mrs. Max A. 
Brunnemann announce the engagement of their daughter, Karen Kay, to 
Emery R. Richardson, son of Mrs. Martha Ri­ chardson and the late 
Sammy Jean R ichard­ son. 
The bride-elect is a senior at Southwest Tex­ as State University where she is majoring in special education. She was a member of the Strutters. 
Her fiance graduated from St. Phillips College with an associate degree in applied science. 
The couple plans a July 
16 wedding in the Baptist 
Temple. 

Lopez-Ecrette. 

Mr. and Mrs. Genaro 
R. Lopez of Houston an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Yolan­ da Lucia Lopez, to Joe 
Dudley Eerette Jr., both of Houston. He is the son of Lt. Col. (ret.) and Mrs. 
Joe Dudley Eerette. 
The bride-elect r e - ( ceived a B.A. degree in 1 business technology from the University of Hous­ ton. 
Her fiance graduated 
Wrom Winston Churchill 
High School and Texas 
A&M University where he received a B.A. degree in environmental design. 
He is a member of the 
Kiwanis Club of Houston. 
The couple plans a July 
3o candlelight ceremony in St. Michael’s Catholic 
Church at Houston. 

Travieso-Ortega 

Mr. and Mrs. Tomas A. 
Travieso Jr. announce the engagement of their daughter, Cynthia A. 
Travieso, to Gilbert 
Ortega III, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Gilbert Ortega Jr. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of St. Gerard’s 
Regional High School. 
Her fiance graduated from Highlands High 
School. 
A July 16 wedding is planned in Holy Name 
Catholic Church. 

She is a graduate of 
Coronado High School in 
Lubbock and attends 
Texas A&M University. 
He is a graduate of 
Holmes High School and 
Texas A&M University where he was captain of the basketball team, dis­ tinguished student at 
TA MU and member of 
Delta Pi, Phi Kappa Phi and the education honor society. He will receive a master’s degree in May. 

Spend the S um m er discovering an exciting person- you! 
W endy Ward. 

FASHION, BEAUTY AND CHARM COURSES 
FOR EVERY AGE—A WENDY WARD 
INSTRUCTOR CONDUCTS WEEKLY CLASSES 

Sugar and 
Spice 

(.'Uuwtm for girls ages 4 to 9. 
Instruction on etiquette, how to muke introductions, table manners, posture, grooming, poise. Tots have fun showing you what they’ve learned in a 
Fashion Show Graduation. 
Four 1-hr. f • classes 
IO 
15 

Pacesetter 
(Wendy Ward Course) 

Girls’ ages i t to 18 years or graduate of ’'Crossroads”, interesting sessions to (earn posture, visual }«>ise, groom mg, skin and hair care. make up, wardrobe selection and coordination. Ending with a 
Fashion Show Graduation 
Four IH hr. 
| « ^ classes 
I J 

Adult Beauty 
Forum 

A new you . . . in time for 
Spring, Facials, make up, creative use of scarves; ward robe planning. 
Two2-hr. a 
Seminars 
I U 

Crossroads to charm 

For girls 1o-13. It’s ihe place 
I Ital develops poise and con­ fidence. Learn ba*ic groom ing, manners, wardrobe care and graces. Pick up modeling and beauty tips. Take old friends, meet new ones, too! 
Four IH -hr. 
)< classes 

Advanced 
Teen Charm 
Must have Pacesetter course or similar training. Sessions train in methods models use for photography and make up G uidance in creativ e wardrobe selection and poise. 
Four 2-hr. 
$*> A classes 
Z U 

Windsor Perk Store Only 

Career Girl 
Course U.S.A. 

Train for a career in proles atonal modeling, Certified by the Toshh Education Agency 
Additional inform ation on fash ion coordination and other fashion related career fields. 

Wonderland Store Only 

Enrollment deadline for all classes is May 27 

LET CHARG-ALL HELP YOU STRETCH YO* IR BUDGET 

Y o u ’re w hy we’re here. 

For more inform ation call the Wards Store nearest you.... 
MCCRELESS 
WINDSOR PARK 
WONDERLAND 
Eyvette Warnecke 
Bonnie Latino 
Carol Savage 
654-25o9 
654-22o8 
654-2321 

 s 
ON UTILITY BILLS WITH 

ROOM AIR■ 
« 
• w es. rn. rn rn 
CONDITIONERS 

Lower your utility costs with the money s m 

Inside a Friedrich Room Air Conditioner you'd find 
14 superior features that make Friedrich your best buy. Features like large cooling coils and the Money 
Saver Button which generate more efficient cooling plus savings on operating costs. Get the "Inside 
Story” on Friedrich. Because the cost of an air con­ ditioner isn’t on the price tag. it’s on your electric bill. 
For Quiet, 
Efficient Cooling, 
Buy f Friedrich 
FROM HOPP’S 

HOT? EER? BTU? .. CONFUSED? 

CALL THE MAN FROM HOPP’S FOR A FREE IN-HOME 

AIR CONDITIONING SURVEY. 

Im rn 

PRE-SEASON 
I ft OOO BTU RooM 
I V ; * v v D S U 
AIRCONDITIONER 
SPECIAL oniy$a> q q 95 WH|ll 

 a r n 
J# 
THEY LAST! 

HOPP’S IS FRIEDRICH AIR CONDITIONING HEADQUARTERS 
(BIGGEST TRADE-IN ALLOWANCE) 

7 STORE B U Y IN G PO W ER 

^ ■ c e n t r a l PA R K 
* 2 3 1 I SOUTH HACKBERRY 
3 4 2 -3 3 9 5 1 5 3 2 -7 3 7 1 

Wedding and engagement Forms aval I abl# in th# 
Women s Department 

H IH 2 6 o o W EST AVE. 
^ 
1 533 AUSTIN H IG H W A Y I 
7 3 3 -9 1 3 8 1 8 2 4 -6 3 2 7 

W O N D ERLAND 
■ 9 o 2 S .W . M ILITA RY D R IV ! 
■ Z J * 3 J 9 2 4 - 4 2 6 | 

U N IV ER SA L CITY l 6 5 8 - S 3 8 l f t Mi 

* 

A MILLION FRENCH WOMEN 

CAN’T BE WRONG. THEY’RE FIRMING LIP WITH 

THE ELANCYL METHOD8 

Ifs a simple and effective massage regime to help beautify your body where you need 

 it most. This new method helps tone, firm and moisturize the flesh leaving skin smooth and youthful 

 looking. After one month of daily use you will notice a distinct improvement in 

 the appearance of various parts of your body: hips, buttocks, ankles, backs of knees and thighs, it 

 lakes just minutes a day while you shower or bathe. A specially designed refillable 

 massage glove releases the Elancyl soap lather containing extract of ivy. The kneading action tones the 

 skin, leaves you tingling and refreshed. Next you massage with the Elancyl Massage 

Cream to supplement the massage effect on skin. The complete kit of Massage Glove with Soap, Massage 

Cream and instruction booklet, 15.oo. A refreshing Bath Foam and Body Gel, both with 

 extract of ivy are also available. Ours exclusively in Cosmetics. 

FROST BROS. 

SHOP FROST'S DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 

 f i l i i ' ilpli 

Amigos take TLO’ 

EXPRESS-NEW!) n T Q t i n c 
Scene d ti/ JLJU t l l l u 
I May 22 1977 Page * 1-F 

 rib* 

You can have your own 
Flowering Beauty scarves plus four beauty extras with your purchase of Elizabeth Arden cosmetics from Joske's 

Elizabeth Arden offers this season's most essential fash­ ion accessory, scarves, in a special purchase offer, You get two soft cotton, floral design scarves . . . one in red and white, and one in navy-white . . . plus four beauty extras . . . Visible Difference Creme, Velva Moisture 
Film, Skin Lotion, and Clear Shine lip gloss. All for just 
5.oo with any purchase of Elizabeth Arden cosmetics. 
Charge it in Cosmetics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park, Las Palmas, Austin. 

JOSKE’S 

U 
A UNIT O F ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

ASHBY MCMULLAN and Maggi Dahlgren join other Amigos in 
Mission Parkway Trash-a-Thon 

Teen-agers who search, still find frontiers to con­ quer and horizons of adven­ ture within the bounds of summer vacation. Amigos de las Americas is the ma­ gic carpet that m akes it possible for some young people. 
Locally. 22 high school and col­ lege students are anxiously awaiting assignments to the Do­ minican Republic, Honduras, Ni­ caragua, Guatemala , Ecuador, 
Bolivia and Paraguay. 
Amigos help with medical and dental programs in South and 
Central America. 
Maggie Dahlgren, who will join the Honduras staff this summer, says, “Last year I was in a little 
Honduran mountain town. San 
Antonio de Cortez. You really learn about the culture working that closely with the natives. 
And they appreciate your being there.” 
Maggie just finished a year at 
Georgetown U niversity in Wa­ shington, D. C. and plans to transfer to Smith next fall. 
Programs vary in different ar­ eas, but basically dental check­ ups and care and vaccine innocu- lations are given in small isolated villages. t This year a new program , which grew out of an eyeglass collection drive, will include a pilot eye-testing program. Opto­ metry students from Houston will guide this program. 
Staff members will leave June 
I and remain ll weeks. Volun­ teers go for four weeks in two shifts. 
Funds 
“To raise money for the local chapter’s one-third portion of the 
Amigos cost, we held a Trash-a- 
Thon and a letter-w ritin g cam p aign ,” Ashby McMullari says. 
Ashby is a sophomore at Alamo 
Heights High School. 
The rest of the $12oo trip cost is split in half by the individual 
Amigos and the sponsoring or­ ganization, Amigos International. 
John Shaw, a San Antonian, is president of that group. 

— By--------------------------------- 
LOIS HAASE 
.... 

M ission Parkw ay benefited from the Amigos Trash-a-Thon as they beautified the grounds. Don­ at ions of backers brought the trips about $3,ooo closer. 
Hours are also spent in prepar­ ation for the project. . 
Starting in December, Amigos met weekly in First Presbyterian 
Church for m edical training. 
Four sessions were spent at the 
UT Nursing School — perfecting the fine art of “ shooting” people with vaccine. Dr. H. L. Bitter teaches medical procedures. 
Tests in each area are given to assure qualification. Over 125 hours are necessary for training. 
Only two or three meetings can be missed. 
And of course, to begin with, each Amigo must have a working knowledge of Spanish. 
Language 

Miss Liza Sheets helps polish their “ Ole” accents and Dr. John 
Donahue assists in their under­ standing of Latin American cul­ ture. 
Spanish practice with 12 gra­ duate students from T rin ity, directed by Dr. Margaret Stovall, gives them speaking confidence. 
Amy Ledbetter says, “ The trips are rare and exciting opportun­ ities for people our age. We see and learn much more than tour­ ists. We have great advantages living like we do and we want to share with those who have practi­ cally nothing.” 
Amy, a Holmes graduate, is just finishing her first year at 
UTSA. 
Roy Magruder is among some of the Amigos who are interested in medicine. 
“One summer in the program builds your self confidence,” Roy says. And for a pre-med student- to-be, it’s a chance to deal with unusual situ ation s and gain experience in dealing with peo­ ple.” 
Roy graduated Friday night from Alamo Heights and has been accepted at Princeton this fall. 
The program is not competi­ tive. As many volunteers as qua­ 

 lify are given a chance to go. 
“There is no governmental support,” Roy says, “ so we go on a people-to-people basis, not as representatives of the U.S. We are accepted, in fact, invited to come. 
Hospitality is given more readily to teen-agers than to the CIA. 
We’re helping the A m erican im age.” 
Shock 
There are some adjustments to make and some eye-opening ex­ periences for young people raised in clean hom es with indoor plumbing with sanitary eating and drinking facilities. 
“ It’s quite a shock to look into the mouths of natives who have never brushed their teeth in their life,” Maggie says. They all agree that they return with a deeper appreciation of their homeland. 
Of course, the Amigos them­ selves have to be in good health when they fly south. “ And we get a taste of shots before we go to share that experience,” Ashby says. 
Weather conditions will vary at their different destinations, but they’ll be given hot and cold gui­ delines. 
“Jeans and shorts are off-limits on these trips,” Amy says. “ Girls wear dresses and boys wear cor­ duroy slack s or other casual pants. Jeans still mean ‘hippie’ in 
South and Central America. And most rural women still wear dresses. So we conform.” 
Maggie adds, “ We have a travel weight-allowance, so we don’t take much of anything.” 
Most Amigos would like to re­ peat their adventure, but money, college, time and other things sometimes prevent this. Amigos are in the 16 to 25 year bracket so they have other commitments. 
Staff members have their fare paid and receive a small salary. 
Volunteers do not. Doctors and dentists working with the pro­ gram also give their time. Many are new in the medical field and find the experience educational as well as rewarding. 
“Who knows what they might run across in the hidden areas of those seven countries,” Ashby says. “They find it as great an idea as we do. 

“This is the first year in the 
Dominican Republic and I hope I get to go there, as this will also be my first trip.” 
Amy, Maggie and Roy are ve­ terans. Others in this class are 
Julie Scott, David Wilkins, Pete 
Taylor and John Hauser. 
John will also be a staff member this summer, assigned to Nicaragua. 
M em bers are from Alamo 
Heights, Churchill, Lee and Mar­ shall High Schools, TMI and St. 
Mary’s Hall, Trinity, UTSA and 
St. Mary’s University. 

ROY MAGRUDER tells Am y Ledbetter about exciting times in Bolivia 

PHOTOS BV STEVE CAMPBEII 

O fficers are Pete, president; 
Ju lie, vice president; Amy, se- cretary-treasurer; and Roy, sgt.- at-arms. Mrs. George Magruder is president of the Parents Coun­ cil. 
The Amigos held a ranch re­ treat this year and traveled to 
Nuevo Laredo to talk to interested university students about starting a sim ilar program there. 
Amigos de las Americas has 4o chapters with four in Texas. The first project began in 1965. The fatio of boys and girls is about 
5o-5o. 
_ Mrs. Friench Tarkington is president of the board of directors' and Mrs. Lou Ann Whiting is secretary. Interested young peo­ ple can write Mrs. Tarkington at 
134 Oakhurst, San Antonio, Tex. 
782o9. 
At the end of the summer a 
“ Welcome Back” party will be held for Amigos to share their summer’s experiences. 
Roy says, “We became Amigos because of the spirit of adventure and the challenge offered. If s a good feeling to do som ething worthwhile with your tim e.” 

* 
San Antonio 
Kendall Manns are honored at reception here 

A reception honoring Mr. and Mrs. 
Kendall L. Mann was held Friday in the home of Mr. and Mrs. R. Gary Gomm. 
The Manns were m arried in the 
Temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Oakland, Calif. 
She is the former Deborah Gomm. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. Gary 
Gomm. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Maynard Koehn. 
Attending the reception were Brenda 
Gomm, maid of honor; and brides­ maids Gail Mullins, Susan Hopstedder, 
Diane Morgan and Peggy Velez. Yo­ landa Sanchez, flower girl, and Grant 
Gomm, ringbearer, joined in the festi­ vities. 
Also present were Tom Leas, best man, and Allen Koehn, Kevin Koehn, 
Greg Gomm and Jeff Gomm. grooms­ men. 

1977 
R.L. Griffin Jr., 
Cheri 
L. wed Saturday 

Northwood Presbyterian Church was the setting Saturday for the wedding of 
Cheri Lanzen Biery and Robert L. 
Griffin Jr. The Rev. John Hamby offi­ ciated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Wayne E. Lanzen. The groom is the son of Mrs. Elizabeth Burroughs 
Messick. 

Matron of honor was Carla Sewall, sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were 
Barbara Griffin, sister of the groom, 
Charlotte Groce and Elle Whiteside. 
Flower girl was Jennifer Jo Biery, daughter of the bride. 
Serving as best man was Marq 
Hughes. Groomsmen were Thom Lan­ zen, Fred Gigele and Duffy Griffin. 
Ushers were Donovan Sigerfoos and 
Thom Lanzen. 
After a reception at the bride’s home, the couple left on a wedding trip to the 
Pocono Mountains in Pennsylvania. 
In. keeping with Church custom, at­ tendants are not at the ceremony. 
M R A N D m r s . KENDALL MANN 

Stanfill vows solemnized in 
Wichita Falls 

Miss Linda Louise Reames of Wichi­ ta Falls and Michael Grant Stanfill were married Saturday in Grant Street 
United Methodist Church at Wichita 
Falls The Rev. Kenneth Shamblin Jr. officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Jackie Ames Reames of Wichita 
Falls. The groom’s parents are Lt. Col. and Mrs. Grant Stanfill. 

Maid of honor was Maggie Wilson of 
Wichita Falls. Best man was Greg 
Stanfill, brother of the groom. Ushers were Jack Reames and Mike Reames, both of Wichita Falls, and brothers of the bride, and Tim Stanfill, brother of the groom. 

A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 

MRS. MICHAEL G. STANFILL 
The couple will live in Lubbock. 
MR. ANI) MRS. GARY K. MORRIS 

EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 
Richard Kirk, 
Melinda Fore are married 

Miss Melinda Kay Fore became the bride of Richard Eldon Kirk of Sher­ man Saturday in The Gazebo at Los 
Patios. The Rev. E. Thomas Miller officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. William E. Fore. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. William E. 
Kirk of Sherman. 

Maid of honor was Susan Fore, sister of the bride. Bridesmaid was Melinda 
McCartney. Junior bridesmaid was 
Lori Corbett of Ft. Rucker, Ala. 
The groom’s brother, Jeff Kirk of 
Houston, served as best man. Grooms­ man was John Hefner of Frisco. As­ sistin g as usher was the b rid e ’s bro th er, W illiam E. Fore J r . of 
Boulder, Colo. 

Morrises take 
Steven Smith, wedding trip to 
Cancun, Mexico 

Miss Dorothy Anne Devore of Austin became the bride of Gary Kim Morris of Georgetown Saturday in St. George 
Episcopal Church. The Rev Randolph 
Cooper officiated . 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Jack Devore. The groom’s par­ ents are Dr. and Mrs, Fred J. Morris of 
Lakeway, Tex. 

Serving as maid of honor was Cathy 
Carleton of Midland. Best man was 
Erie Hansen of Midland. Ushers were 
Steve Erck and Mike Schulle, both of 
Austin, David Devore and Robert Hey- denreich. 

A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents. 

After a wedding trip to Cancun, 
Mexico, the couple will reside in Aus­ tin. 
MRS. STEVEN A. SMITH 

Ellen Phillips say vows Friday 

The Rev. Joseph J. Miller officiated at the wedding of Miss Ellen Gail 
Phillips and Steven Anthony Smith 
Friday in St. F ra n c is Episcopal 
Church. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and 
Mrs. Joe F. Phillips. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jam es E. Smith. 

Maid of honor was Ann Pantuso. 
Bridesmaids were Rhonda Phillips, sister of the bride, and Judy Hughes. 

Serving as best man was Steve Bee­ son. Groomsmen were Mike Smith and 
David Smith, brothers of the groom. 
U shers were David Sheffield and 
•Jerry Gullo. 

A reception was held in the Wedge­ wood Skyline Room following the ceremony. The couple will honeymoon in Dallas 

MRS. RICHARD E. KIRK 
MR. AND MRS. R. L. GRIFFIN JR. 

After a reception at Los Patios, the couple left on a Caribbean Cruise. They will reside in Sherman. 

Eliminate unwanted problem facial hair through electrolysis 

Take care of unwanted facial hair with the safe and gentle 
K ree m ethod of e lectro ly sis available at Joske's North Star 
Beauty Salon. Our skilled elec­ trologist will explain the marvel­ ous Kree solution to your prob­ lem. Come in or call if you have questions and enjoy your free consultation. Beauty Salon, North 
Star, 341-6666, Ext. 3o4. You can ch a rg e it on your Joske's card! 
JOSKE’S 
« 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Huff-Smith 

Miss Melinda Faye 
Smith of Denton became the bride of Clifford 
Wayne Huff of Dallas, 
Saturday in Parkdale 
Baptist Church at Corpus 
Christi. The Rev. Dr. Lo­ gan Cummings officiat­ ed. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Carl W. Smith of Corpus 
Christi. The g ro o m ’s parents are Col. and Mrs. 
R. D. Huff. 

Maid of honor was 
Kaylyn Thom pson of 
Lubbock. B ridesm aids were Mrs. David Storey and Becky McGee, both of Waco, Kathy Beane of 
Bowie, and Jan ice Ha­ milton of Dallas. Rinir- bearer was Jeffrey Lee 
Smith. 

The groom ’s brother, 
Richard Huff of Houston, served as best man. 
G room sm en were Dr. 
Lee R. Polk of Waco, 
Fred Smith and Blake 
Withrow', both of Dallas, and Gerald Thurmond of 
Athens. Ga. 

A ssisting as ushers were Michael Smith of 
Austin, Capt. Glenn Ma- dere of Missouri, Robert 
Dozier of W ashington, 
D.C., and Jerry Powell of 
Waco. 

A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 

After a wedding trip to 
Hawaii, the couple will reside in Dallas. 

Come in and see what’s new 

Cowboy Camp 

 by WAYNE BA I Z E 

Image Size: 16"x24" 
5oo Signed and Numbered 

$4o.oo 

3941 Fredericksburg Rd. 

7 3 4 - 6 2 2 7 

MacArthur Plaza 

3111-J Nacogdoches Rd. 

6 5 3 - 5 2 4 o 

 r-T-r-r i 

Shoppers City Mal! 
Across from Sears 

 on S.W. Military Or 

9 2 2 - 9 4 4 4 

Wohlschlegels recite vows iii 
Catholic church 

Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church was the setting Saturday for the wed­ ding of Miss Jeanette Marie Perales and Ernest I. Wohlschlegel Jr. The 
Rev. Mario Thuriasamy officiated. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Nick Perales Jr. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ernest I. Wohlschle- gel. 

Maid of honor was Lisa G. Perales. 
Bridesmaids were Debbie Wohlschle­ gel and Nancy Wohlschlegel. Junior bridesmaid was Yvonne Perales. 

Best man was David Wohlschlegel. 
Groomsmen were Carl Harris and Leo 
York. Assisting as ushers were Ken­ neth Garcia and Michael Clark. 
A reception was held in the Celebrity 
Room at Turtle Creek Country Club. 
After a wedding trip to the coast, the couple will reside at College Station. 
MRS. E. I. WOHLSCHLEGEL JR. 

MRS. FRANK JASSO 
Wedding vows are exchanged 

Miss P am ela Louise 
Kline and Frank Jasso exchanged m arriag e vows, Saturday in the 
M a rg a rite B. P a rk e r 
Chapel at Trinity Univer­ sity. The Rev. John A. 
Shute officiated at the ceremony. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Erwin Kline. The groom is the son of Mrs. Jose- phina Jasso. 
Bridesmaids were Car­ ol Lynn Stowe, sister of the bride, and Linda 
Sharon Shute. 

Serving as best man was Richard Fernandez. 
U sher was 
Thom as 
Shute. 
A reception was held at the La Plaza Apartments 
Party Room. 

II.C. Bever Jr., 
Usa Breland solemnize vows 

The marriage of Miss Lisa Gail Bre­ land and Herbert Clemens Beyer Jr. was solemnized Saturday in Hope 
Lutheran Church. Officiating at the ceremony were the Rev. Robert P. 
Thronson and the Rev. Delmas L. 
Luedke. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Homer K. Breland. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Herbert C. 
Beyer. 
Maid of honor was Mary L. Campbell of Walla Walla, Wash. Bridesmaids were Patricia Wilson of Kansas City, 
Mo., Lynn Breland, sister of the bride, and Adele Beyer, sister of the groom. 
The groom’s father served as best man. Groomsmen were Mark Breland, brother of the bride, Thomas Camp and 
Mark Friedrichs. Ushers were Elridge 
V. Wolle of Kerrville, Burnie A. Miller, 
Kenneth Beyer and Timothy O’Boyle. 
A reception was held at the Turtle 
Creek Country Club. 
After a wedding trip to Colorado, the couple will reside in Columbus, Ohio. 

David Shivers, 
Kelly Campbell wed in Dallas 

St. Pius X Catholic Church in Dallas was the setting Saturday for the wed­ ding of Miss Kelly Lynn Campbell and 
David Thomas Shivers of Dallas. The 
Rev. 
Thoms 
W. 
Weinzapfel officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Dr. and 
Mrs. Lucien B. Campbell Jr. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs, Thomas 
Gene Shivers of Dallas. 

Matron of honor was Mrs. Owen 
Lowak and bridesm aid was Vicky 
Campbell, both sisters of the bride. 

Serving as best man was Norman 
Trout of D allas. G room sm an was 
George Taylor and usher was Kenneth 
Shivers, both of Dallas. 
A reception was held in the parish hall following the ceremony. 

After a wedding trip to the coast, the couple will reside in Dallas. 
Richter-Gomez 
Miss Linda Ann Gomez 
Mary Alice and Michael R. Richter exchanged m a rria g e vows Saturday in St. 
Mary Magdalen’s Catho­ lic Church before the 
Rev. Conor McGrath. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
A dalberto Gomez. The groom’s parents are Mr. and 
Mrs. 
R obert C. 
Richter. 
Maid of honor 

MRS. DAVID T. SHIVERS 

 was 

Ram say. 
Bridesmaids were Mada- lyn Gomez and Alice Go­ mez, sisters of the bride. 
Serving as best man was Paul R. Richter, brother of the groom. 
Ushers were Rick Yanas and Carlos Selva. 
A reception was held in the 
Holiday 
Inn 
Northwest. 
The couple will honey­ moon in New Orleans. 

MRS. HERBERT C. BEYER JR. 
Mulkey-Lohman vows solemnized Saturday 

Miss Patricia Ann Loh- man became the bride of 
Keith Beckner Mulkey of 
Lubbock, Saturday in 
Christ Lutheran Church. 
The Rev. Arthur E. Rode officiated at the c e re ­ mony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John H. Lohman. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Waymon H. 
Mulkey of Lubbock. 
Maid of honor was Pam 
Corbeil of 
Houston. 
Bridesmaids were Sherri 
Lux of Eldorado, Anna 
McCall of Dallas, Mal- lonee Schroeder of Aus­ tin, Susan Lohman and 

MACHINE 
CABINETS 
DISCOUNT UP 
TO 
CASH & CARRY 
3523 WEST AVE. 
• 
344-9671 

Diane Lohman. 
Serving as best man was Mike Vollers of Aus­ tin. G room sm en were 
Bill Mulkey, Mike Mul­ key and Ricky Hender­ son, all of Lubbock, Bill 
P ra tt of Houston and 
Lynn Yaklin of Corpus 
Christi. 
A ssisting as ushers were E rie Johnson of 
Houston, Robert Ray of 
Dallas, Duane McNair of 
Portland and Matt Wood­ ward of Waco. 
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents. 
After a wedding trip to 
South Padre Island, the couple will reside in Lub­ bock.. 

W edding and engagement forms available in the 
Women s Department 

MRS. K. B. MULKEY 

Fragrant 

To make your ironing fragrant and more enjoyable, sprinkle a few drops of your favorite cologne on the ironing board cover, This gives your clothes a delicate fragrance. 

©HAK! BILER! 

Tie one on! 

French cotton on natural rope. 
In beige. 
22.99 

Use your Master Charge or Shoppers Charge. 

NORTH STAR MALL 

* i 
A 

MRS. RICHARD H. JACKSON 

R.H. Jackson, 
Miss Dobbins wed in Austin 
Tarrytown United Methodist Church at Austin was the setting Saturday for the wedding of Miss Valorie Ann Dob­ bins of Austin and Richard Hiram 
Jackson. The Rev. D. Ja ck Hooper officiated . 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Pike H. Dobbins of Austin. The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Richard B. Jackson. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. William K. 
Norris of Killeen. Bridesmaids were 
Mrs. Chuck Wendiant and Marianne 
Wilkerson, both of Austin, Pam Mor­ gan of Houston, Mary Jackson and 
Martha Jackson. 
Best man was R. B lair Jackson. 
Groomsmen were Tim Dobbins of 
Austin, Reagan Davis, David Worley, 
Forrest Smith and Hugh Matthews. 
A ssisting as ushers were Randy 
Grimes of Houston, Norman George and Jam es Hays. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 22 I 977 rag* j - r 

MRS. JE F F R E Y W. ZUNKER 

1 
Jeffrey Zunk 
Patricia Pruitt recite nuptials 

The marriage of Miss Patricia Ann 
Pruitt and Jeffrey William Zunker was solemnized Friday in St. Benedict’s 
Catholic Church by the Rev. Eugene 
O’Callaghan. 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
Jam es Roy Pruitt. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Elwood W'illiam 
Zunker. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Vernon 
Grams. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Bill 
Smith, Mrs. Dennis Stahl, Mrs. Ralph 
Ellis III a.icl Mrs. Kenneth Griffin. 
Ju n io r bridesm aid was J i l l Lynn 
Pruitt. 
Serving as best man was Fred Val­ dez. Groom sm en were B ill Sm ith, 
Dennis Stahl, Glen Granger and Mi­ chael Pruitt. Junior groomsman was 
Danny Pruitt. 
Assisting as ushers were Kenneth 
Pruitt and Alroy Lyro. 
MRS. JOHN H. PITTMAN 

John Pittman, 
Miss Wallace wed in chapel 

Miss Thelma Ruth Wallace and John 
.Homer Pittman exchanged marriage vows, Saturday in the Wilson Chapel of the First Baptist Church. The Rev. Dr. 
Charles Wisdom officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Ja m es Oldham W allace. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Homer Henry Pittman. 
The bride’s sister, Mrs. S. Douglas 
Denning of Austin, was matron of hon­ or. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Richard 
Green of Bethlehem, Pa. and Mrs. Alan 
Lee of Austin, both sisters of the groom, and Frances Wallace, sister of the bride. 
Serving as best man was Jesse Gar­ za. Groomsmen were Richard Green of 
Bethlehem, Alan Lee of Austin, and 
Mike Ward. Ushers were Phil Jank, 
Danny E n glish , John Henry and 
Howard Holt. 

 engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents + + + engagem ents 
H R SHINTO' 

I*. 
X. 
. X 
B iri 
• •*: •••• *<££v.: •• < 
& r 

B 
P 

Iii! 

 rn 

JOHN R. JOHNSON III 
DEBORAH N. FISHER 
J.R. Johnson III will be married 

BETSY J. BARKER 
JAMES D. WYNN 
Betsy Barker bride-elect in July nuptials of J.D. Wynn 

Mr. and Mrs. R. Brent Fisher Jr. announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Deborah Nell, to John Ruffin 
Johnson III of Houston. He is the son of 
Mr. and Mrs. John Ruffin Johnson Jr. of Houston. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Je f­ ferson High School. She is a senior at 
Southwestern University in George­ town where she is a member of Phi Mu. 
Her fiance graduated from North 
Shore High School and Southwestern 
University where he majored in phys­ io lo g y and physical education. He was a member of Psi Chi. 
A July 3o wedding is planned in 
Jefferson United Methodist Church. 

SUSAN L. URESTI 
Susan Uresti, 
William Tam will recite vows in St. Joseph’s 

Mr. and Mrs. Jesse W. Uresti of Von 
Ormy announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Susan Louise Uresti of 
Von Ormy, to William Michael Tam of 
Yorktown. He is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Anton Tam Jr . of Yorktown. 
The bride-elect attended Sui Ross 
University and Our Lady of the Lake 
College. 
Her fiance is a grad uate of St. 
Mary’s University. 
A July 3 wedding is planned in St. 
Joseph’s Catholic Church downtown.. 

CHARLES L. COMPTON 
MARY E. LINDKVIST 
Miss 
Lindkv 
C.L. Compton to say vows in 
July ceremony 

Mr. and Mrs. Frank A. Lindkvist announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Mary Ellen, to Charles Louis 
Compton, son of Mrs. F. W. Hicks and 
C. T. Compton. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Tho­ mas Edison High School. Her finance graduated from Churchill High School. 

A July 8 wedding is planned in Con­ cordia Lutheran Church. 

^D EC O R A T O R SALE— NOW 

Floor Models of 
Beautiful Home 
Furnishings from leading sources: H E N R E D O N , O X F O R D , 
K N O B 
CREEK, 
KENT, 
LaBARGE, 
G R A N D 
RAPIDS, 
S C H O O N B E C K , 
Antiques, 
Lamps, 
Rugs, Fabric Remnants, W all Decor, some Below 
Cost. First come basis. FREE DELIVERY in city. 
All Sales Final. 

Monday thru Friday 9:oo to 5:oo 

GALLERY OF INTERIORS 

118 East Ashby Place 
(512) 736-2886 

Wurst-Jackson 

Mr. and M rs. Ted E. 
Wurst announce the en­ gagem ent of th eir daughter, Valerie Sue, to 
Mark Andrew Jackson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ro­ bert L. Jackson. 

The b rid e-elect g ra ­ duated from M arshall 
High School and her fiance is a graduate of 
Holmes High School. The couple attend s 
San 
Antonio College. 

An Aug. 6 wedding is planned at Colonial Hills 
United 
M ethodist 
Church. 

Ciarke-Bennett vows planned in Chapel One 

Col. and Mrs. Donald L. Clarke an­ nounce the engagem ent of their daughter, Margaret, to 2nd Ll. Robert 
Pat Bennett, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ro­ bert E. Bennett of Mt. Pleasant, Tex. 

The bride-elect received her master of science degree from E ast Texas 
State University where she was a member of Alpha Delta Pi. 

Her fiance is also a graduate of East 
Texas State University where he re­ ceived his bachelor of business arts degree and was a member of Sigma 
Phi Epsilon. He is serving in the U.S. 
Air Force stationed at Ellsworth AFB in South Dakota. 

The couple plans a July 2 wedding in 
Chapel One of Randolph AFB. 
MARGARET E. CLARKE 
ROBERT P. BENNETr 

Miss Kurzawski, 
Mr. Alderman to be married 

The engagement of Miss Karolynne 
Linda Kurzawski to Galen Robert Al­ derm an J r ., both of W aco, is an­ nounced by her parents. Mr. and Mrs. 
Henry Karol Kurzawski. He is the son of Mr. and 
M rs. Galen 
R obert 
Alderman of Uvalde. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Win­ ston Churchill High School. She re­ ceived a B.S. degree in education from 
Southw est T exas State U niversity where she was a member of Phi Chi 
Theta and Pi Omega Pi. 
Her fiance graduated from Winston 
Churchill High School. He received a 
B S. degree in biology from Baylor 
University where he was a member of 
Kappa Omega Tau and the Student 
Foundation. He is attending Baylor 
Law School. 
An Aug. 13 wedding is planned in 
Pilgrim Presbyterian Church. 
KAROLYNNE L. KURZAWSKI 
GALEN R. ALDERMAN JR . 

 w edding belles + + + w edding belles + + + weddi 

Mr. and Mrs. Bruce W. Barker of 
Carrizo Springs announce the engage­ ment of their daughter Betsy Jean 
Barker, to Jam es D. Wynn of Helotes. 
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs, Henry O. 
Wynn of Helotes. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Car­ rizo Springs High School. She received a B A. degree from Trinity University. 

Her fiance graduated from John 
Marshall High School. 

A July 16 wedding is planned in the 
F irst Methodist Church of Carrizo 
Springs. 

Nuptials 
/ recited 
Saturday 

The Rev. E m il Wes- selsky officiated at the wedding of Miss Barbara 
Jo A rm enta and Hal 
Arthur Leedy, Saturday in St. John the Evangelist 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Charles A. Armenta. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Arthur J. Leedy of Bryan. 
Maid of honor was Be­ linda M arie A rm enta, sister of the bride. 
Bridesmaids were Jo Ann 
Garcia of Camarillo, Ca­ lif., Ruth Margaret Leedy of B ry an , Jo n i Leigh 
Hawes and Rosa Inez 
G onzalez. Flow er g irl was Wendy H. Snow of 
Henderson. 
Serving as best man was 
Severo Quiroga. 
G room sm en were P a ­ trick C. Leedy of Bryan, 
Snyder, 
Lowe vows 

MRS. H. A. LEEDY 
Alan D. C ourm eir of 
Orange, Tom C. Carroll of Cedar Falls, Iowa, and 
Stephen 
L. 
R ogers. 
Ushers were William H. 
Snow of Henderson and 
John J. Brooks. 
After a reception at the 
Ramada Inn, the couple left on a wedding trip to 
Colorado. 

Beamans will live in Houston 

Miss Sherry Lynn Love of Austin b ecam e the bride of Je ffre y Niels 
Beaman of Houston Sa­ turday in Trinity Baptist 
Church. The Rev. Dr. 
Buckner F ann in g o ffi­ ciated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Bill Edward Love. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Niels George 
Beaman of Houston. 
Matron of honor was 
M rs. 
Thom as 
Knouf. 
Maid of honor was Jeri 
Stone of Austin. Brides­ maids were Connie Pat­ terson of Austin and San­ dra Goehring of Atlanta. 
M ichael Kowalski of 
Houston served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Pat Beaman and Casey 
Beaman, both of Houston, and brothers of the groom, and Billy Love, brother of the bride. 

 r n 
, I 

MRS. J . N. BEAMAN 

A ssistin g as ushers were Ja c k Coneff and 
Byrne B obbit, both of 
Austin, Jerry Fogerty of 
Houston, and Mike Love and G reg Love, both brothers of the bride. 
After a reception at the 
Woodlake Country Club, the couple left on a wed­ ding trip to New Orleans. 

 peated re 

M iss 
P a tricia 
Ann 
Lowe became the bride of 
Mark Alan Snyder of 
Tem ple, 
Saturday in 
University Bible Church at San Marcos. The Rev. 
Tommy Jenkins officiat­ ed. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Elli K. 
Lowe and the late Lew R. 
Lowe. The groom’s par­ ents are Mr. and Mrs. 
W illiam W. Snyder of 
Temple. 
Maid of honor was 
Nettie Dian Mullins of 
Boling, Tex. Bridesmaids were Holly Collier, Judy 
C ollier and 
Cynthia 
Brehm, all of Boling. 
Serving as beat man was P h illip Snyder of 
Tem ple. 
Groom sm en were Mark Phillips, Gor- 

Mistrot, 
Moore vows said 

M iss Kathleen E liza­ beth Moore and Thomas 
R u ssell 
M istrot ex ­ changed marriage vows, 
Saturday at the home of the groom’s mother. The 
Rev. Harold VonNesson, uncle of the groom, offi­ ciated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
G rant W. Moore. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Ralph W. Mistrot and the late Col. Mistrot. 

Serving as matron of honor was Mrs. Vendee 
Dean J r ., sister of the bride. Best man was Ro­ bert Foreman. 

> a n d E n g a g e m e n t. 
'J fo rm s ar** a v a ila b le 
- iH e W o m e n ’s D e p a r tm e n t 

DIAMOND SALON 

A diam ond is forever... 

And at Joske's Diamond Salons, we understand the diamond's unique ability to capture light, break it up into all the hues of the spectrum, and return it to the eye in a shower of colors. That is why we offer a wide selection of dia­ monds in HK white and yellow gold. Priced from under 2oo.oo. 

Diamond Salon Downtown, North 
Star and Windsor Park. 
Illustration enlarged to show details. 

MRS. M. A. SNYDER 

 don P u rser and Chip 
Snyder, all of Temple. 
A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 
The couple will live in 
San Marcos. 

MRS. T. R. MISTROT 

A reception was held in the G reen Oaks P a rty 
Room following the cere­ mony. 

UNPAINTED 

REG. 7 6 .9 5 
*59. 

FURNITURE 
YOUR 
FAVORITE 
PINE 
FURNITURE 
SALEI 

SALE ENDS M A Y 26 

 i o 
- — 
\ 

142 S.W. MILITARY • 924-5171 •• 6842 SAN PEDRO • 824-7249 

These item s sp e cia lly priced 

Mon., May 23 thru Sat., May 28 lf You Love To S e w 
. . . You’ll Love 
Fabric W arehouse 

U V fuil piece yd. pri«p 

45” wide 

 cut to order yd. pd« 

5o% Peyster 
5o% Cotton 

ALL MERCHANDISE 
FULLY 
GUARANTEED 

WE DISCOUNT Alt PATTERNS 
AND ALL NOTIONS EVERYDAY 

EVERY ITEM FULLY GUARANTEED 

45” WIDE-FULL BOLTS 

F a m o u s B ra n d s 

B ig N E W S P R IN G A S S T -F L O R A IS 
GEOMETRIC-CALICOS-NOVELTIIS-ITC. 
BLOUSE PRINTS 

H U N D R ED S O F Y A R D S - 
I T O 6 YD . LE N G T H S 

A 
A 
<1 CUI TO 
FULL PUU 
ORDER 
YD . 
PRICE 
Y O . PRICE 
REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

Couple is married 
Saturday 

H arlandale P resbyter­ ian Church was the set­ tin g S aturday for the w edding of Miss Anna 
Lynne S heppard and 
C harles E verett Brown 
J r . The Rev. W illiam 
Emory Glover officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Harold H. Sheppard Sr. 
The groom's parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. 
Brown of Austin. 
M atron of honor was 
B arbara Smith. B rides­ maids were Patricia Fey, 
Linda Sheppard, Annette 
P re strid g e and S heri 
Brown. Flower girl was 
A llison S heppard and rin g b e a re r was B rian 
Sheppard. 
S erving as best m an was 
Steve 
Brown. 
G room sm en w ere M i­ chael 
Brown, 
M arty 
M athews, F rank Stiles 
Swansons marry in 
California 

Miss Eileen Mary Do­ menico of Cupertino, Ca­ lif. and 
Roger Alan 
Swanson of Palo Alto, 
Calif, were m arried Sa­ turday in Queen of Apos­ tles Church at San Jose, 
C alif. The Rev. John 
Russi officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Nora W. 
Domenico of San Jose and Robert J. Domenico of Los Gatos, Calif. The groom’s parents are Mr. and M rs. 
R obert 
K. 
Swanson. 
Maid of honor was Pa­ tricia Anne Domenico. 
Bridesmaids were M aur­ een McCarthy and Mary 
Moss. Flower girl was 
B rooke Swanson and rin g b e a re r was Kyle 
Swanson. 
Serving as best man was Keith Swanson of San 
Francisco. Groom sm en were Steve Swanson of 

 lf. 
■ 

V 

MRS. CHARLES E. 
BROWN JR. 

 and Jim 
P re strid g e . 
Ushers were Donald Fey, 
W illiam H ealy, John 
H aschke and 
Hanh 
Brown. 
A reception was held at the Polish A m erican 
Center. 
The couple will honey­ moon at the coast. 

MRS. R. A. SWANSON 

Houston and Andrew 
Sterngold of Sausalito. 
Follow ing the c e re ­ mony, a reception was held in the Rinconada 
Hill Racquet Club at Los 
Gatos. 
The couple will honey­ moon at Lake Tahoe. 

o o 4 «... 
P*« ce m rn yd. price 
65% Polyester 
1oo% cotton 
35% Cotton 

$ 1 cut to order yd. price 

5o% polyester 
5o% cotton 

ON BOLTS 
6 COLORS 
1oo% COTTON 
TERRY 
CLOTH 

SUBLASTIC 
P R IN T E D 
KNITS 

Mi 

SOLIDS 
49 - $ full piece yd. price I 66 

 rd. 

 cut to order price 

FULL 
PIECE 
YD. PRICE 

V U I 
4 4 to 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

1oo% Polyester 
6o” Wide a 

Holly Byrd is bride 

 of Dale Bruce Domm 

Miss Holly Ann Byrd of 
K errv ille becam e the bride of Dale B ruce 
Domm of F ort W orth, 
Saturday in Trinity Bap­ tist Church. The Rev. Dr. 

DENIMS - FULL BOLTS 

I piece yd. price I 

 cut to order yd. prict 

1oo% Cotton 
5o% cotton — - 5o% Polyester 
45” W ide 

OUR BEST REMNANT 

OUR REGULAR $1.19/$1.39 
8815 98 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED 
FIBER CONTENT 

NO ROLL 
ELASTIC 

Va" 1 1” WIDTH 
T 

II 

SINGER 
BAIL POINT 
YELLOW BAND 

Sewing Machine 
Needles 

DYNO SNAPS 
PRE PRICED 9 o ‘ 

CARD S 
FOR 
99 
77 
66% Polyester 
34% Rubber 
M A N Y 
C O L O R S 
A N D 
STYLES 
C O M E S WITH A T T A C H I N G TOOL. 

 fabric warehouse 

938 BANDERA RD. e n o p p i m c. < « » ; < « » K U M 
I rn I 
M 
M 
. •« .o C 
1-35 AT E ISEN H A U ER RD. 
9 ...9 
9 m6 

N I I T T C si M. Ma M M A A A A A A A A A A A A ▲ Al A Ak Ak A l Ak. A a 

■ 
-A A 

MRS. D. B. DOMM 

Ferrell, 
Kosub vows said 

The m arriage of Miss 
Ja n e t Lea F errell and 
T hom as P h ilip Kosub was solemnized Saturday in St. Benedict’s Catholic 
Church by the Rev. E u­ gene O’Callaghan. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Wilfred A. Ferrell. The groom’s parents are Mr. and M rs. Theophil Ko­ sub. 
M atron of honor was 
Mrs. Jam es Hosek. Best man was Gerald Kosub. 
A ttendants w ere 
Messrs. and Mmes. Lee 
Roy Stavinoha, Paul Ko­ sub, John Wallace and 
Barry Ferrell. Other at­ tendants were Mrs. Ger­ ald Kosuh, Sharon Kosub, 
Doris Kosuh, Jam es Ho­ sek, Patrick Kotara and 
Ronald Kosub. 

Leon B. P atterson offi­ ciated. 
The b rid e is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. 
W. C. Byrd of Kerrville. 
Parents of the groom are 
Mr. and Mrs. Christian 
John Domm of F ort 
Worth. 
Matron of honor was 
Kim Stroope. Maid of honor was Lynn Byrd. 
Bridesmaids were Vickie 
Pigmon and Debby Cle­ ments. 
Serving as flower girl was E lena W est and rin g b e a re r w as Nicky 
West. 
Best man was Austin 
Chamness. Groomsmen were Jason Domm, Chris 
Domm and Tim Boss. 
Ushers were John Lan­ den and Nowlan M ur­ dock. 
A reception was held in the church fellow ship hall following the cere­ mony. 
The couple will honey­ moon in New York. 

.... 

MRS. T. P. KOSUB 

A ssisting as ushers were Cecil Baney and 
Russell Syma. 
A reception was held at the American Legion Hall at .Saint Hedwig. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Florida. 

Keith-George 

The m arriage of Miss 
Phyllis George and Arth­ ur K. Keith Jr. was so­ lemnized Saturday in St. 
Gregory the Great Cath­ olic Church by the Rev. 
Jerem iah McCarthy. 

P arents of the couple are M r. and M rs. H er­ man C. George and Mr. and M rs. A rth u r K. 
Keith. 

M atron of honor was 
Mrs. Michael Trem aine. 

B ridesm aids were Mrs. 
Steve 
Mooney and 
Bonnye Gillow. 

Serving as best man was 
R alph 
T hom as. 
Groom sm en w ere Rod­ ney Keith and Gregory 
C heser. U sh ers were 
Steve Goodwin and Leslie 
George. 
A reception was held at the church reception hall following the ceremony. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Mexico. 

L R . Griffith, 
Karen Wallace are married in 
Methodist vows 

Miss Karen Wallace of Terrell, Tex. and Lawrence R.Griffith of Richardson were m arried Saturday in the First 
United Methodist Church of Terrell. 

The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Gilbert Wallace of Terrell and the late 
Mr. Wallace. She was given in m ar­ riage by her brother, Dave Wallace. 
The groom is the son of Mrs. Jam es R. 
Griffith. 

Matron of honor was Mrs, Gillanne 
Lerner and flower girl was Becky Wal­ lace, both sisters of the bride. 

The groom’s brother, Lt. Donald A. 
Griffith, served as best man. 

After a wedding trip to the coast, the couple will live in Plano. 

Justin Jones, 

Miss Hannah 

 say vows in 

Grace Church 

The m arriage of Miss Beverly Joyce 
Hannah and Justin Bonham Jones was solemnized Saturday in Grace Presby­ terian Church by the Rev. J. Allan 
Guthrie. 

Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. 
J. C. Hannah. The groom is the son of 
Dr. and Mrs. L. Bonham Jones. 

Matron of honor was Frances M. 
Doherty. Best man was John Ewing. 

A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents. 

The couple will jioneymoon at Port 
Aransas. 

MR. AND MRS. L. R. GRIFFITH 

MRS. JUSTIN B. JONES 
Nuptials are said 

The 
Rev. 
M ichael 
O’Gorman officiated at the w edding of M iss 
R osem ary F eise and 
Jam es Stuart Kuhl, Sa­ turday in St. Gregory’s 
Catholic Church. 

The b ride is the daughter of Mrs. Rose 
Ann Feise and the late 
Jack L. Feise. She was given in m arriage by her brother, David L. Feise. 
The groom is the son of 
Mrs. Edward J. Riggie of 
Baltimore, Md. and the late Jam es E. Kuhl. 

Matron of honor was 
Patricia Petty, sister of the bride. Junior brides­ maids were Melinda Vin- ez and Melissa Vinez. 
Serving as best man was E. Jay Kuhl. Ushers were Chris Feise and Boh 
P etty . Also a ssistin g were Jack F eise and 
Danny Earl. 
A reception was held at the Oak Hills Motor Inn following the ceremony. 
The couple will honey­ moon at Niagara Falls and the East Coast. 

MRS. J. S. KUHL 
Reunion planned 
July 18-19 

The 1957 graduates of 
H arlandale High School will have a 2o-year reun­ ion Saturday and Sunday, 
June 18-19. 
All H arlandale g r a ­ duates and friends are w elcom e to attend the buffet-dance S atu rd ay and the all-day picnic 
Sunday. 
The buffet will be from 
7:3o p.m. to I a.m. Satur­ day in Woodlake Golf and 
Country Club. Dinner will be served from 8 to IO p.m. 
The picnic Sunday will begin at I p.m. in M a­ cA rthur Park, Pavilion 
No. 4. A barbeque plate will be served at 2 p.m. 
Guests should bring their own soft drinks. 
Price for the buffet is 
$12.5o; the picnic lunch is 
$2 per plate. 
F or fu rth er in fo rm a­ tion contact Sharon Da- meron Mullins or JoAnn 
Fritz Manfredi. 
Reservations deadline is Wednesday. 
Checks may be mailed to 1957 Harlandale Class 
Reunion, c/o P atti E d ­ wards Pocher, 1511o Cor­ ral Circle, San Antonio 
Tx. 78247. 

Triple C lassic. 

Our pewter cuff bracelet is three times a classic: the warm and subtle glow of the metal is never out of fashion; the soft simplicity of cuff design is always a flattering accessory; and the formality of a well-engraved monogram stays at the height of style. 
Pewter cuff bracelet, $7.5o. 
Engraving extra. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone.SM 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
American Express • BankAmencard • Master Charge 

HAIR DIMENSIONS 
ANNOUNCES 

"KATHIE MARD AS” 
Formerly of Sears with I o years ex­ perience with Glenby. 

 aHcdx [j&Lmsnsloni 

“czd ^LLnlcpie cMalx Sxfuxltnet 
(U N I S E X ) 
P H O N E 3 4 9 -8 o 4 1 

.M o d e l Jan ice H a rd m a n 

6 4 7 3 B L A N C O 
C A S T L E C R E E K V I L L A G E 

Do’s and donuts of employing minorities 

Exactly what an employer can and cannot do in hiring, paying, promoting and firing employes has become a confused tangle of rules and regula­ tions. 
How can a firm with few minority workers encourage more minority applicants? Can a company fire an employe who boasts he is a homosexual? 
To answer these and dozens of other questions employers are asking about equal employment opportunity, the 
University of Texas at San Antonio will offer a two-day continuing education seminar May 24-25. 
Titled “ EEO Compliance and the 

H om e villain 

C a n ’t affo rd a new home? 
Truth is you can get m ore va lu e n o w a d a y s 
But the real villain is the interest rate For a glim pse behind hom e buying, see P a g e 2 G 

Role of the Supervisor,” the seminar will be from 9 a.m. to 4:3o p.m at the 
Institute of Texan Cultures. 
“There are a host of federal statutes governing employment discrim ina­ tion,” explained attorney Frank S. 
Manitzas. one of the four instructors who will teach the course. 
“ The most widely applied law is 
Title VII of the 19H4 Civil Rights Act. which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex or national origin,” he said. 
Equal employment violations can be costly, especially when a class action suit is filed on behalf of a large number of employes, Manitzas noted. 

The American Telephone and Tele­ graph Co., for example, paid $39 mil­ lion in 1973 in back pay and raises as part of an out-of-court settlement in­ volving 13,ooo women and 2,ooo minor­ ity males. 

Generally, all employers with 15 or more workers are covered by Title VII, 
Manitzas said. Labor organizations and employment agencies are also in­ cluded. 

Manitzas noted if a company is defi­ cient in minority employes they may need to step up recruiting efforts through such means as newspaper ads. 

 employment agencies and com m is­ sions. 
“The Equal Employment Opportun­ ity Commission frowns on word-of- mouth recruitment because it tends to perpetuate past d iscrim in atio n ,” 
Manitas said. 
Employers, according to the attor­ ney, are experiencing an ever-increas­ ing num ber of sex discrim ination charges. 
However, charges on the basis of employers’ enforcement of grooming and dress codes have virtually disap­ peared. he said. 
“The courts have upheld the right of em ployers to enforce reasonable 

 grooming and dress codes,” he ex­ plained. 
But, as if to replace that problem, the new litigation an'a of discrimina­ tion against hom osexuals has ap­ peared. 
“ In one case, the court upheld a U S. 
Civil Service Commission decision which permitted the discharge of an employe for ‘flaunting’ his homosex­ uality,” Manitzas said. 
“ In another case, a court held it was not in violation of the law to terminate an em ploye who had undergone a transsexual operation,” he added. 
But numerous gray areas still exist, he explained, including the legality of 

 proposed class action remedies such as rightful place seniority and minority quotas. 
The topics to be discussed during the two-day workshop at which Manitzas will be lecturing range from job bene­ fits to automatic job progression to counseling, discipline and termination interviews. 
Other instructors include Dr. John 
Bezel, management consultant; Roger 
Clark, manager of personnel for Data- point Corp. and Jane Cole, director of training for San Antonio Savings Assn. 

For more information on the semin­ ar, call the UTSA Division of Continu­ ing Education at 227-9147. 
•Express-News 
Business & Finance 

Most complete business coverage in South Texas 
Sunday M a y 22 1977 ¥ * 
Page 
I -G 

T ravel 

This S u n d a y your Express- 

N e w s e x p a n d s its travel section and moves it to Sec­ 

 tion G to provide broader c o v e ra g e with m ore p h o ­ 

 tos. See Pa ge 5G. 
Health spas getting fat off fitness in S.A. 

MACHINES like this leg exerciser Elisa Cortez is using are plentiful at health spas 
STAFF PHOTOS BY PAT H AM ILTON 

By RICHARD ERICKSON 

EXPRESS N EW S BUSINESS EDITOR 
The physical fitness business is booming in San Antonio. 
Four health and exercise facilities are working on major expansions in 
I he c ity ’s Northwest area. 
Our Fair Lady Health Resorts, Trim and Swim Health and Beauty Spas, 
International Spa Fitness Center and the 
Racquetball and Handball Club of San 
Antonio all credit America’s awaken­ ing desire to become physically fit as the reason for their growing busin­ esses. 
Our Fair Lady, a subsidiary of Fi­ gure World Inc., tops the list in terms of the amount of construction to be completed. 
Lee Leva, owner of the company, revealed F igure World will begin massive expansion of north and north­ west outlets, construction of two entir­ ely new clubs in the southwest, and “a six-figure expansion” of the Our Fair 
Lady on Goliad Road. 
Million-dollar move 

Leva said his firm will spend more than $1 million in the next six months to meet the demands of increased bu­ siness. 
That figure, he noted, does not in­ clude the purchase of the Cross Creek 
Shopping Center (for $55o,ooo) and an unidentified North Side shopping center for $5oo,ooo. Both will contain newly expanded Our Fair Lady spas. 
The new facility will be located on 
Valley High Drive, adjacent to Lack­ land AFB, and should be completed within 9o days, Leva said. 
An Our Fair Lady on SW Military 
Drive has recently been built at a cost of $4o,(MIO, he said. 
When all construction is done. Leva’s six outlets will have a full range of exercise equipment, swimming pools, steam and sauna rooms, whirlpool baths and dietary information. 
Our Fair Lady is unique among San 
Antonio health resorts, Leva said, for 
Special council act keeps finn in S.A. 

A City Council action last eek has allowed a local pack- ge express carrier to stay in 
>wn. 
. 
. 
_ 
Texas Tex-Pace Express Inc., 15o E. jvalla St., had asked council for a 
)ecial departure from city rules, re­ n tin g a building permit for 15 acres land in the Southeast Side before 
'wage lines were extended to that lo­ 

 cation. 
The firm told council members it would be forced to leave the city if the exception was not granted. 
The reason for the rush request, the firm explained, was due to the nature of the business. 
“The problem is we are so crowded and having difficulty operating now and, with Christmas (the busiest sea­ son for package carriers) coming up, 
Financiers wait for south to rise again 

 rhe December announcement was and: $1.3 million in low-interest ns to businesses if they would settle 
San Antonio’s South Side. 
3ut six months later, the money is ll there, waiting for an opportunity be used. rhe 
Southeast 
Development undation Inc. used the story of the ney — committed by five area aks which had joined the group — to flounce it was a moving force in at it was called “the forgotten area he city.” 
Pexas State Bank, Brooks Field tional Bank, Bexar County Savings i Loan Assn., Highland Park Bank i Alamo Savings and Loan Assn. dged a total of $1.3 million in low- erest loans to spark South Side payment. 
‘We’re still waiting,” said Mrs. ba Malone, president of the busi- ssmen’s action group. “We've had 

 no real good applications. 
“It’s back to the same old thing,” she added. “No one wants to go south.” 
Joe Potts, president of Brooks Field 
National and chairman of the group’s financial resources committee, con­ firms the lack of suitable requests. 
“We’re standing around, waiting for someone to approach us,” he said. 
There had been some applications, he noted, “but they were ridiculous things that wouldn’t help the area’s finances or economy.” 
Such projects included a nail factory and duplex construction. The latter, 
Potts said, was still pending. 
“We just don’t have a lot of inter­ est,” the banker said. “Our area needs good growth, no question about it but we just haven’t had a lot of inquiries on this money. I’ve had only four my­ self.” 
He declined to reveal the unidenti­ fied applications. 

 we looked at it every way and decided we couldn’t remain in this location,” explained Reagan M cAllister, vice president. 
But the company couldn’t get the building permit on land near IH37 and adjacent to Brooks AFB until there were sewage lines installed. The lines weren’t due for months. 
Under the exemption ordinance passed last week by the City Council, city sewer lines will reach the com­ pany’s property line in November, just about the same time the firm will oc­ cupy its new facilities. 
Space 
Those new facilities include 15.ooo square feet of office space and 25,ooo square feet of loading docks and ware­ houses. 
The purchase price of the land from and local development group called 
South Park Industrial Properties was not disclosed. 
Efforts of residents around Tex- 
Pack’s Zavalla Street plant and the lo­ cal chapter of Communities Organized for Public Service (COPS) pushed the company into making the decision to move its entire operation, McAllister said. 
The firm had purchased land adja­ cent to the Zavalla property, razed old homes there and applied for a zoning change on the property so the company could expand and still stay in the downtown area. 
But the local residents and COPS members argued against the rezon­ ing, claiming an expansion of the deli­ very service would ultim ately ruin 

See FIRM, PAGE 4G 

 its acceptance of only women customers. 
He claim s 4oo new executive members a month with a totaleexe- cutive membership of more than 12,ooo 
San Antonio women. An executive membership allows full use of all faci­ lities and differs, Leva said, from weekly or monthly programs used as prom otions for new, prospective members. 
Grand opening 
The International Spa Fatness Center is planning a grand opening in the first week of June of its operation at 8757 
Wurzbach Road, according to Dist. 
Mgr. Barry Van Patten. 
The firm advertises the facility as 
“ San Antonio’s first $1 million spa.” 
The operation, the twentieth in five states for the Arizona-based company, began enrolling members on Jan. 3 and now has, according to Van Patten, about SOO people signed up even though the facility won’t be open for weeks. 
“ More people are looking for a place to improve their physical condition,” he noted. “ We came to San Antonio after studying the dem ographics of 

... 
-Jitw 

 mmmrn 
I 

. 

C P 

DEBBIE FAR N SW O R TH ’S m oney keep s a health spa fit, but of course, she stays fit in return b y doing sit-ups 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6-1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates and terms, lf you’d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
MATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
S1ooo 
24 MONTHS 
8.o5% 8.37% 
7.5o% 
$1ooo 
18 MONTHS 
7.79% 7.94% 
7% 
$1ooo 
12 MONTHS 
7.25% 7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 M ONTHS 
6.98% 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 
6.45% 
5.75% 
$25 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 
5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. 
COUNTZ 
■ B G S 

13oo McCreless 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, 
Texas 
78223 
532-3138 

> 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— -Sunday M ay 22 1977 
Home values better, but h ig h interest rates hurting 

NKW YORK - Amid an undisputed housing boom, expected to last for many years, there’s a drumbeat of complaint that people can’t afford houses, that inflation is forcing fa­ milies to buy less desirable homes than used to be available. 
Is this really true? Are homebuyers actually worse off today than they have been in the past? 
Important to all 
The answer to these questions is im­ portant to all of us, not just home- buyers. If enough people decide that housing is in fact harder to get, Con­ gress might pass a housing-aid pro­ gram that would cost a lot of tax mon­ ey. 
A study done recently by Robert 
Gough, senior research economist at 
Data Resources Inc., throws some fas­ cinating light on what the money problem really is. 
Many of the things about housing that we have all assumed to be true are apparently not. For example: 
We tend to think that the median price of a new house today is sharply higher in relation to median income than it used to be. 
Bul in fact, the price of new houses relative to median income is lower than it was in 1955. and about the same as in 1969 and 1965. But the value is better, since today’s new homes are generally larger and better equipped. 
We tend to assume that new-house prices have risen at a sharply higher rate than median income. But over the 

Staying Ahead 

By Jane Bryant Quinn 

 past 2o years, incomes have risen 235 per cent and new-house prices 223 per cent. 
The price of older houses has risen 
22o per cent. 
In other words, on a long-term basis, rising incomes have exceeded rising house prices. (House prices have risen faster than incomes in the past three years, but Gough thinks that’s a tem­ porary phenomenon.) 
We tend to assume that a median- income family should be able to afford a median-priced house. But that has almost never been the case 
Three times higher 
In 1955, and 1965 — as in ’197ir — the median price was about three times higher than median income, which generally put the house out of buying range. 
(The rule of thumb is that you can’t afford a house that costs more than tw'o-and-a-half times income.) 
The median price of an older house, however, has always been within the buying range for median-income fa­ milies. The price of older houses today 

 is about the same in relation to income as it has been for the past 2o years. 
If all this is true, then what’s hap­ pening today? Why are families feeling pinched in their housing choices? Two reasons. 

High interest rates 
F irst, higher interest rates have pushed monthly mortgage payments up sharply. 
From 1955 to the early 197os, median monthly payments were around 16 to 
18 per cent of median income. But in 
1975 and 1976, payments ran about 22 per cent. 
So although a particular house may be within your traditional buying range, the monthly mortgage payment may now be higher than you can swing on your income. 
Interest rates (and taxes ) are the real villain, not new-house prices. 
And second, the years between 1965 and 197o were unusually prosperous. 
The step-up in Vietnam war spend­ ing inflated the incomes of workers, but had not yet started to drive up 

 t 

CHARLES BOBBISH 
BRUCE MCGEE 
G A R Y POWELL 
CR A IG PEARCE 
Gunn D atsun to open 

CHARLES CASPER 

Automotive businessman Cur­ tis C. Gunn Sr. will open a new dealership, Gunn Datsun, this week. 
Located adjacent to the existing 
Oldsmobile dealership at 75o N. E. 
HHH), the new and used foreign car facility has been sought for more than five years, according to Charles 
Casper, general manager of the new dealership. 
The move to small car sales was prompted by the rising public concern 

 over the use and cost of gasoline. 
Casper said. 
Gunn Datsun will open its doors with a service staff of 15. a sales staff of six and other office workers. 
Casper noted the physical facility underwent a $15o,ooo remodeling to convert the building from motor borne sales to a sales and service center for the smaller, foreign cars. 

Along with Casper, who was general manager of Gunn’s motor home di­ vision, four others were promoted to 

 manager positions in the new fran­ chise. 
They are Charles Bobbish, sales m anager, who was promoted from 
Gunn-Mission Leasing; Bruce McGee, business manager and a former com­ puter systems analyst; Gary Powell, service manager, and Craig Pearce, parts manager. 
The opening of Gunn Datsun brings to four the Gunn automotive facilities in San Antonio. The others are Mission 
Chevrolet, Gunn Oldsmobile and 
Gunn-Mission Leasing. 
Warhol overhauls fast-food idea 

 new y ork tim fs service 
NEW YORK - Are you ready for the Andy-Mat? 
Andy Warhol is going in­ to the fast-food business, and Cam pbell’s Soup isn t on the menu. 
Warhol, a 2oth-century man-child, loves junk food and so does his friend Geoffrey Leeds, the boy-wonder e n tre­ preneur who brought the 
London Bridge and the 
Queen Mary to the United 
States. 
Leeds also gave New 
York the discos She­ pherd’s, L’lnterdit and 
Escadrile. 
The two men have been talking about a restaur­ 

 ant since 1974, said Leeds 
— ever since Schrafft’s 
“stopped being what it used to be. 
“ I miss their hot lamb sandwiches, their chick­ en pie and their former prices.” 
Prices today, contin­ ued Leeds, “are galling. 
You can’t eat out for less than $35 at a little neigh­ borhood restaurant. 
The only other option is 
Burger King or Mac­ 
Donald’s.” 
The handy Andy-Mat will be “a neighborhood restaurant with a varied menu, simple good food, reasonable prices,” said 

Conlin g to 
A RTI QU ES LTD. 

A showing of Investment Jewelry from the Red Door Antiques o f 
Odessa, Texas. 
This exquisite estate jewelry is all to be priced for under appraised value. 

Show dates are: 
Thursday, 26 May 
Friday, 27 May 
Saturday, 28 May 
From IO a.m. 

ANTIQUES LTD. 
JO 15 JSt.L. Loop 41o, at Los Patios 
San Antonio, Texas 78217 
1 -5 1 2 — 655-361o 

Leeds, “ a place where you don’t have to be em­ barrassed to take so­ meone — one was never embarrassed to take so­ meone to Schrafft’s.” 

Andy-Mat, over which 
Warhol will have total artistic control, will be a modern-day Automat. 
A tinker toy for sophis­ ticates. it will have, ac­ cording to Leeds, “frozen food and cham pagne, pneum atic tubes 
(to speed customers’ orders into the kitchen) and red mohair velvet ban­ quettes. Juxtaposition is very Andy.” 
Money is now being raised for the necessary 
$1 million capitalization. 

The first Andy-Mat, designed by architects 
Cossutta and 
Ponte 
(Ellen Lehman McClus­ k y is interior design consultant) will open in the fall on Madison 
Avenue at 74th Street, sentimentally near where 
Warhol’s first gallery, the Stable Gallery, once stood. 

If Andy-Mat is suc­ cessful, there could eventually be a chain with branches in Paris, 
London, Tokyo and up to 
2oo spots around the world — a new genera- 

A N O Y W A R H O L s a m p le s s m o k e d salm on while refining his concept of a fast-foo d firm 

 lion of Automats. 
O riginally, the idea was to have a sort of sit- down superm arket de­ corated with frozen-food packages where, as 
Leeds put it, “ I could have my frozen chop suey_ and you could have your 
Stouffer’s spinach souf­ 

 fle.” 
But then Leeds was in­ vited to an elegant fro- zen-food dinner at the home of Bob Peltz, the 

 frozen food king who is chairman of the board of 
Flagstaff Corp., a com­ pany that plans cycles of menus for institutions and supports those plans with food (clients include 
Cunard Lines and many 
Intercontinental Hotels). 
As a result, he decided that the 115-feet Andy- 
Mat would have its own pre-prepared frozen food. 
“ Ninety per cent of food in restaurants today is pre-frozen,” said Leeds. 
The menu of 75 items will he priced from $1 to 
$5.75 and will range from fried onion tart to key lime pie, shepherd's pie, assorted mini-omelets, fish cakes and Irish lamb stew. 
W aitresses, probably dressed like nannies, said Leeds, will deliver orders, but not take them. 
Orders will be sent by pneum atic tube to the kitchen by the customers, the way department stores in the first half of the century sent saleschecks to the accounting office. 
“ That w ay,” said 
Leeds, “diners can pace their meals themselves.” 

• ✓ g a r d e n OFFICES 

Unique, handsom e garden offices for creative minds. A natural, informal atm osphere nestled in an affluent growing area. Conveniently located at 1938 NE Loop 41o, m inutes from the airport and downtown. Join our select clientele and give your business the distinction it deserves. 

Le asin g an d M a n a g e m e n t by 
Henry S. M iller C om panies 
Suite 12o, 8 6 2 6 Tesoro D rive 
San A ntonio, T ex as 7 8 2 1 7 
(5 1 2 ) 8 2 6 -3 2 5 1 

CLASS IFIED DISPLA Y 
C lA S S iriiD d ljP lA lL 

RALLISON RANCH 
SALE 
FrL. Mav 27th 
12 NOON 
Union Stockyards 
San Antonio, Tx. 
3o5 HEAD 
Polled Herefords, Sim- mentals, 
Chianinas. 
Pairs, Bred Cows, Herd 
Sires. Range Bulls. 
IO Big Polled Hereford 
Bulls. 
For Info. Contact: Bert 
Reyes. 512-349-2185. 

Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
623-52oo 

ALMAC Const Co 
All Types of Steel Bldgs 
656-o881 

GMCTRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Short & 
Long Wheel Base Van- dnras Se Suburbans. 
TINDALL Se SON 
Pontiac, GMC 

 prices in a serious way. 
About 197o, the median earner, for the first time, could just about afford the median-priced house, and he came to expect that would always be the case. 
W'hen inflation finally caught up with him and restored the more normal re­ lationship between his income and house prices, he felt robbed. 

Under 35 
This particularly affected families headed by people under 35. They, more than others, were suddenly thrust into the homebuying class between 1965 and 197o, and they, more than others, were cut out in 197o-1976. 
However, Gough expects the picture to improve over the rest of the decade. 
Based on studies done with economic models, he believes that median in­ come will increase an average of IO per cent a year between now and 198o, while the median sales price of a new house will rise only 8 per cent. 
That means that every year more people should be able to afford houses. 
Furtherm ore, m ortgage interest rates are expected to remain stable or rise only slightly. 
That means the median monthly^ payment should grow a little sm aller' in relation to a family’s rising income. 
When that happens, banks will lend families more money, allowing them to buy better homes. 
The future, in other words, looks a lot brighter for housing than it did a couple of years back. 

 arf 

Sims 

Brennan 

Parsons 

Perry 

Elizondo 

Aleman 

Emery 

Dvorin 

Lucas 

Richardson 

Bernard 

% '4 

In Business 

 r n 
McDaniel 
Lucero 

Bill Boyce, president of Custom Carpet 
Co., has announced formation of an affiliate, 
Floor Distributing Co. Bart Robbins has been appointed general manager for both companies. Robbins is on the Board of 
Directors at both the San Antonio Apartment 
Assn. and Sales and Marketing Executives 
International. Additional appointments in­ clude Dale Rollins as sales manager for the company’s showroom/warehouse located at 
4679 Walzem Road, Bob Lewis as sales manager for the company’s showroom lo­ cated at 2639 Mossrock Drive and Al Rivers as installation and service manager. 
Norma Lucero, a United Services 
Automobile Assn. actuary department em­ ploye, won first place in the Operation Let’s 
All Communicate Effectively Speak Off. The competition was held at the 34th annual con­ ference for Region VI of the National Assn. of 
Insurance Women held in Lafayette, La. She will represent Region VI at the National 
Convention in San Francisco June 19 through 
June 25. 
Another USAA employe, Nora McDaniel, was one of four finalists for the Wall Street 
Journal Student Achievement Award. Can­ didates for the award are recommended by the San Antonio College faculty and selected on the basis of their accomplishments in the program. 
Vince EHzoudo has been named the as­ sistant beef sales manager for Roegelein Co. 
He joined the organization in 1949. 
Reginald Barnard Jr. has been appointed manager of the San Antonio branch of Busi­ ness Forms Division, Burroughs Corp.’s Of­ fice 
Products 
Group. 
Barnard joined 
Burroughs in 1966 and is a member of the 
Legion of Honor, the company’s highest award for sales achievement. 
Bob Rodriguez, a sales representative for 
Hobart Sales & Service, has been named a 
Hobart “Topper” for his outstanding sales performance. 
David Parsons has been assigned as an agricultural chemicals sales representative for Elanco Products Co., the agricultural marketing division of Eli Lilly and Company. 
Five representatives of Dictaphone . 
Corp.’s San Antonio district have earned a trip to the French Riviera as members of the company’s Achievement Club. Members be­ ing recognized for outstanding performance are E. D. Edins, T. L. Hurst, J. Ruiz, .V. 
Schroeder and W. C. Dubois. 
Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. has appointed Allen Perry as a special agent. 
He has served as d istrict group sales manager in San Antonio for 21 years. 
At Snacks Inc., Wilson T. Sims has been appointed corporate general manager and 
Jay Lawrence Aleman has been promoted to corporate administrative assistant. Snacks is a local food service and catering specialist. 
B©b Emery has been named creative coordinator/production director for Sinclair 
& Chaskin Inc. of San Antonio. Emery has an extensive background in broadcast, print and multi-media presentation. Three new employes also have joined the company’s staff. They are Dorren J. Dvorin, Jennifer 
Lucas and Chris Richardson. Miss Dvorin will serve as senior copywriter and Miss 
Lucas will join as traffic manager and re­ ceptionist. Miss Richardson will become the senior staff artist. 
Nancy Brennan has joined the staff of the 
San Antonio Convention and Visitors Bureau as public information officer. She is a member of the Alamo Business Communi­ cators and the Alumni Assn. of Our Lady of the Lake University. 
Hopp’s TV it Appliance Centers have named two new assistant managers. Janice 
Bernard will assum e the position at the 
Universal City Store and Dan Beck will become assistant manager and sales coun­ selor at Hopp’s in San Antonio. 
American W arehousem en’s Assn. has elected Frederick S. Schorr of Scobey Mov­ ing & Storage Co. in San Antonio as vice chairman. The association’s membership in­ cludes 55o firms offering distribution ser­ vices in more than 1,5oo distribution centers, merchandise warehouses and general stor­ age facilities throughout the country. 
Charles Farenthold has joined Morley 
Media Inc. as account executive and assis­ tant in production. 
Joe Sternberg has been selected to parti­ cipate in the H. W. Gossard Co.’s advanced training seminar. The course on professional selling skills examines new techniques in salesmanship. 
Doyle P. Horsley has joined the Texas 
United Insurance Company of San Antonio as marketing manager. He has been active in marketing insurance for more than 25 years. 

Charles Clark of Accounting Systems Inc. and Bob Riley of Logical Computer Sys­ tem s, have attended the National Sales 
Meeting of the 
Cincinnati 
Milacron 
Electronic Systems Division. Accounting 
Systems Inc. and Logical Computer Systems are San Antonio distributors for Cincinnati 
Milacron minicomputers. 
Azrock Floor Products has named George 
B. Coulson to the new position of director of styling. He will be responsible for color and styling of Azrock’s line of flooring products. 
Eleven 
San 
Antonians have been named members of the Action Council to the 
National Federation of Independent Busin­ esses. Those named to the council include 
Leo Hearn of Universal Book Bindery, W. G. 
Conway of Loop Cold Storage Company, 
Richard L. Verner of North Loop Inc. Real­ tors, Ralph Velasco Jr. of Amigos Food 
Company and Edwin S. Brown of Brown 
Beasley & Associates Inc. Also named were 
Seth W. Temple of Market Auto Finance Co., 
Susan A. Newman of Avery & Co., Alton O. 
McClesky of Alton McClesky Insurance, 
Alan R. Brook of Horti Corp. and Roy 
Graham of Photogenesis. NFIB is a non-profit organization representing small businesses across the country. 

Beck 
Conlson 

•*f The o ffb e a t side o f business 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 22 I 977 

 power 

Your 
Choice 

Regular S S I.O'). 7-iii circular 
Develops maximum I L H P rpm. Ball and sleeve bearings. 

R eg u lar *5 1.oo. 6-in.. 2- sumler. Motor has 2 no-load t of 35oo rpm and 42oo rpm. 

 rmwi IMF 

 iVeti? p re s id e n t 

CHUCK AND ERSO N, left, of Anderson Advertising Inc., tokes over the presidency of the Son Antonio Advertising Federation from outgoing president Julius Germano of KENS-TV. Anderson will serve with Mrs. Ginger Dutcher, first vice president, Al Barrett, second vice president, Margaret Sahm, secretary-treasurer, and new board members Bill Denton, Arthur Emerson, Colleen Castleberry, Debbie 
Bolner and Harrell Banks. 

R e g u l a r ’ n 1/ . OO. r o t a r y g r i m i e r . 
Variable-speed grinder develops maximum 
1 1 HP, 13,ooo to 24,ooo 

 rpm. 

Regular *4o.oo. cordless drill. ;*-in drill carries its own power pack 
3ooo rpm no-load speed. Reversible, 
Dishpan hands managed to save the day 

 rn H a rd w a re D e p a rtm e n t 

Sander discs 

R eg u la r *4.7o lo *5.2o 
• Fine • Medium • Coarse 

Sale prices in effect thru May 28th 

I IO on Sears Best 
I High Efficiency 
I air conditioning 

A subsidiary helping hand. Tim 
Cogswell, manager of the Spanish 
Galleon Fiestaurant, found himself in a bind recently with a record Friday dinner crowd and a broken dish­ washer. To the rescue came Al Lozano, manager of the other Pamex Foods 
Inc.-subsidiary in San Antonio, Pan- eho’s, and Jesse Lozano, the Pancho's supervisor for San Antonio, Austin and 
Corpus Christi. Not only did the two take off their ties and work on the broken machine, but they stayed until 
3:45 a.m. washing dishes. 
Number, please? The May issue of 
Money Magazine contains an interest­ ing figure or two. Besides a cover story on women in business, the magazine lists a phone number for McDonalds 
Corp. where stockholders can learn — by taped message — new develop­ ments, current earnings and new pro­ ducts coming out under the golden arches. 
Meanwhile, in another section . . . 
The issue also tells of a new' industry: anonymous message delivery. For $5 plus long distance charges, if any, three new' firms will call anywhere in the United States and deliver any message as long as it’s not slanderous or obscene. The companies are called 
Confidential Communications, Lip 
Service and Power Mouth. 

 than four times the cost of buying a new one, $21,471 verses $4,681, accord­ ing to the American Mutual Insurant^ 
Alliance. 

Take a letter. The Dartnell Institute of Business Research estimates the current average business letter mailed in the United States now costs $4.47 with increased salaries for the dictator and the secretary the major portion of the increase over last year’s $4.17. 

But it gets good mileage. The De­ fense Property Disposal Service is having a sale May 24 of more than 55o 
World War II jeeps “ considered to be in poor condition.” The sale is in 
Wiesbaden, Germany. The merchan­ dise is located in France. 

Silver threads among the gold. The products of the post-World War II baby boom are buying single-family homes at a record pace of more than 1.5 million last year, according to the U.S. 
League of Savings Assns. But those same young adults now will be, writes the American Council of Life Insur­ ance, more than one-sixth of the popu­ lation when they are senior citizens in 
2o3o. The council compares that to an over-65 rate of 4.1 per cent of the population in 19oo. 

And happy New Year, too. 
The 
National Assn. of Display Industries will hold its 35th Christmas Market 
Week June 4-9 in New York City. 

Thank you, Mr. President. Datsun reports it sold more cars in April — 
4o,392 — than in any month in its history. Officials credit President 
Carter’s energy message with the in­ crease in sales of the little cars. 

But wait till next year. Minnesota- based IDS Realty Trust told its stock­ holders it had a net loss of $38.8 million 
— $16.1o per share — for the year ending Jan. 31. This compares, the company said, with a net loss in the year ending in Jan., 1976, of $39.8 million or $16.52 per share. 

2 4 ,5 o o BTL'II Condensing Cml 
“ A ” coil, Regular *735 

These central air conditioning systems have the highest effi­ ciency ratings of any units we sell. W ith System Guardian control to help eliminate unneeded service calls. 

Energy Efficiency 
H i l l i n g _______ 

• P lundnn/i D epartm en t 

 ces iii effect thru M 

Save $4 to $5 on these 
Sears Best paints 

"‘'lhh $4 Off interior latex paints 
It’s just a scratch. 
Repairing a totally demolished car will cost more 
2 major securities companies merge 

\ f j w u 

‘Wvru/r wall and trim mum1 
Your Choice gallon 

S i LOU Sears B e s t semi gloss 

• W ashable and du rable 

• Covers w ith just one coat 

• C o lo rfast, spot resistant 

• 2 5 colors as shot*ti on color card 

S I I .UU Lasy Living Ila! 

 rn Covers in just one coat 

• W ashable and du rab le 

• 2 5 colors as shown on color card 

S I L U U ce ilin g paint .......... 7.UU gal 

*5 O ff— the W eatherbeater 

Regular SI3 .U U .Sears Best acrylic latex. Satin 
Finish, in 5o colors. One coat covers most surfaces. 
I 

Two major securities firms, Hornb- lower & Weeks-Hemphill, Noyes Inc. and Spencer Trask & Co., have merged to form a new corporation. 
The merger makes newly renamed 
Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask 
Inc. one of the largest and strongest full-service investment firms in the industry, according to the firm’s local resident manager, James L. Flanagan. 
Gross revenues and total capital of the new corporation are $125 million and $5o million. Nationwide, the new company has 98 branch offices and 

 some 2,9oo employes including 1,225 account executives and commodity representatives in the United States and abroad. 
The merger of the two firms, both formed in the early 188os, will result in more extensive services for Hornb­ lower & Weeks’ approximately 6,ooo local customers, Flanagan said. 
In addition to the local San Antonio office at 223 E. Travis St., the company has five other branches in Texas in 
Corpus Christi, Dallas, Fort Worth, 
Houston and San Felipe-Houston. 

Limited warranty 
Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkmark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years shown in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for the application of .any paint. 
* 

Dura­ bility. 
S tain rem oval 
S p o t r e s is ta n t 
C o lo rfa st 
Washable 
P ain t No. 

7 8 o o 5 
Exterior paints 
Bank president appointed 

Stain 
Hei>Utunt 
Washable 
P a in t N o. 

3 3 o o 5 

Mark A. Rush has been appointed president and chief executive officer of 
Lackland National Bank. 
Rush, a Pennsylvania native, comes to the post from the Trinity National 
Bank of Dallas, where he received his graduate degree in banking from 
Southern Methodist University. 
He entered banking after graduation from the University of Pittsburgh, 

 where he was designated “ outstanding finance graduate,” at the Sheraden 
Bank in Pennsylvania. 
He rose to the position of senior vice president and cashier and served on the board of directors of that firm before leaving to join the original roster of officers at Great Southwest 
National Bank in Arlington (now Me- troplex National Bank.) 

Downtown Plaza Store 
M ilitary Drive Store 
Central Park Store 
Soledad at Navarro al Pleasanton Rd. 
San Pedro at Loop H O 
Mon. and Thurs. 9:3o-o 
Mon. thru Sal. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
All other days 9:3o-6 
9:3o-9 
9.3o-9 

N E I G H B O R H O O D S T O R E S (m w l item * and services shown also al Neighborhood stores) 

962 Bandera Rd. llarrv Wurzbach at 
I HOO S.W .W . V bite Rd. 
Universal City 

432-2391 
Rittiman 826-957H 
333-291o 
1633 Pat Booker Rd 
658-749I 

• P a in t D e p a rtm e n t 

Sale prices in effect thru .May 3 I st 

Where America shops 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Poge 
4-G 
* 
#• San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 22 1977 
Radial tires finally are coming of age 

LOS A N G U IS TIMES SERVICE 

When the U.S. tire industry hurried­ ly converted a major portion of its production to radials four years ago, it promoted the new tire design as a big step forward — longer lasting, safer and almost maintenance-free com­ pared with regular bias tires. 
The massive changeover — accom­ plished at a breakneck pace to meet the growing threat of imported tires — was accompanied by a public educa­ tion campaign and an unprecedented 
4o.ooo-mile tread wear guarantee on the most expensive steel-belted ra­ dials. 
To acquaint Americans with radials, the industry frequently said, in es­ sence, that they are tires you can put on your car and forget. Don't worry that radials sometimes look flat, some industry literature said, because radial sidewall bulge is normal. 
But that was four years ago. 
Since then, the industry has learned that radials are much more difficult to manufacture than are bias tires. Even the slightest variation in building the radial can cause serious wear prob­ lems and even tire failure. 
Also, experience has shown that radials are more susceptible to sidewall and trend separation prob­ lems — particularly when they are underinflated. 

And, to the industry’s chagrin, its highly touted road hazard and tread wear warranties proved to be extre­ mely costly. Though they deny that radial problems were the primary cause, all of the major U.S. tire com­ panies dropped such guarantees last fall. 

Better in theory 
Nobody disputes that, in theory, ra­ dials are better than conventional tire designs. Government and consumer studies have shown they are better in cornering, braking and traction. 
And a federally funded study last year estimated that radials could im­ prove a car’s fuel economy up to 75 per cent on the open road. 
In city driving, however, their econ­ omy benefit is miniscule. 
According to the industry, the prob­ lems have occurred largely because 
Americans don’t take care of their tires and also because radials last longer — which increases the risk of failure because of age and deteriora­ tion. 
“ The biggest problem with the mo­ toring public in the United States is we take cars for granted,” says Herbert 
Schmalz, president of Uniroyal Tire 
Co. 
“ Europeans are much more cons- o 
KIDS! 

Y o u C a n W in A 
< f { 

3-Day Trip to New Orleans 

 for the World Premier of 

Evel Knievel’s New Movie 

(St 

VIVA 
K N IE V E L 

■ 

 o 

 t i ) 
KZS 

'Ad 

 o 

A , 

 from the Express-News, 
Ideal Toys & 
Warner Bros. Pictures 

M eet Evel Knievel 

 in person! Have lunch with him! Attend a Premier Party with him! See New 
Orleans! 

PLUS 
Win Evel Knievel Posters! 
T-Shirts! Summer & More Movie Passes! 
Enter the Evel Knievel Toy Stunt Cycle Contest to be held Saturday, May 28 at 

Windsor Park, Central Park, and South Park Malls! 

A" 

(one parent may ac­ company winner as part of Grand Prize 
GRAND PRIZE 

IS THE FABULOUS 
TRIP TO N EW 

ORLEANS TO MEET 

EVEL KNIEVEL AND 
ATTEND 

THE WORLD PREMIER of VIVA KNIEVEL! 

AGE CATEGORIES 
6-8 yrs. 
9-IO yrs. 
I 1-12 yrs. 

Instructions for performing the stunts with the toy Evel Knievel stunt cycle are available at each of the stores listed below, along with entry blanks. 

 c o n t e s t a n t s w il l ATTEMPT A s t r a ig h t r u n , WHEELIE, 
LO NG JUMP, AND MID AIR FLIP WITH THEIR STUNT CYCLE! 
Contestants may furnish their own stunt cycle or may use a loan cycle being provided for the contest of each site. 

ENTRY FORMS MUST BE AT LOCATIONS BY CLOSING TIME, 
WED MAY 25. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY ... LOAN STUNT 
CYCLES WILL BE PROVIDED FOR THE COMPETITION OR COM 
PETITORS MAY USE THEIR O W N . Contestants should report to judges no later than 1o:3o a m. on May 28 

N O T E TO P A R E N T S 
The Evel K n .e w l stun* cycle is on Ideal Toy Corp replica 

 o* cycle used by Evel Kruevel in *He film V iva Knievel 

VIVA KNIEVEL opens June 3 at 
UA Cine Cinco, 
Fox Central 
Park and UA Movies 4 

 oO ’ 

To Enter, Fill in This Entry Form And Take It To One of the Locations Below or mail to: 

Express and N e w s Evel Knievel Contest 
P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

N AM E _______ 

S T R E E T ____ 

C IT Y 
_______ 

T E L E P H O N E 

A G E 

 cious of things like batteries and tire pressure.” 
Others, however, attribute much of the consumer problems with radials in recent years to the industry’s startup troubles. Since 1973, they say, the in­ dustry has learned a lot about making radials. 
In 197o, according to the U.S. Com­ merce Department, radials accounted for less than 2 per cent of all tires sold in this country. That grew to well over 
4o per cent last year and is expected to reach nearly 8o per cent in 198o. 

New cars push 
The big push has come on new cars 
— 75 per cent of the 1977 models are expected to be sold with radials, com­ pared with almost none seven years ago. 
Radials accounted for just 34 per cent of the replacement tires pur­ chased by consumers last year, but that is still up considerably from less than 2o per cent in 1973. 
The U.S. tire industry experimented with radials for a number of years, but had only minimal production in this country before 1972. 
Meantime, sales of imported tires — predominantly European and over­ whelmingly radial — rose to $5oo mil­ lion by 1973 from $88 million in 1967. 
That’s about IO per cent of all tire sales in 1973. 
The major American tire companies were forced to make quick changes in production to catch up with radial out­ put of the imports. In Europe, more than 8o per cent of tire production had been radials since the late 196os. 

TIRE com panies found that m ak in g steel belts w as harder than expected 

Some companies borrowed the tech­ nology and equipment developed by their European affiliates. Others at­ tempted — with some disastrous re­ sults — to convert existing U.S. bias tire equipment to radial production. 
One result has been a large number of safety-related radial tire recalls. 
Chamber is stalking corporate m eetings 

ST A T E 
Z IP 

I will compete of: ( 
) Windsor Pork 
( 
) Central Park 
( 
) South Park 

PARENTS PLEASE I N I T I A L _________ 
I W ILL 
□ 
WILL NOT 
□ 
NEED A LOAN CYCLE 

W IN D SO R PARK: 

• J. C. Penney 

• Dillard's 

• Joskes 

• Toy Box 

• Wards 

• UA Cine Cinco 
_2rlo2rl 

CENTRAL PARK 
• Kiddie City 
• Fox Central Park 
Theater 
SOUTH PARK: 
• J. C. Penney 
• Woolco 
• TG & Y 
• UA Movies 4 
H 

The Greater San Antonio Chamber of 
Commerce has set its sights on a new target for the Alamo City’s trophy case: major corporation meetings. 
Bob Coleman, chairman of the new 
Chamber task force, said the aim of the group is to encourage and attract stockholders, directors and sales meetings of major companies to San 
Antonio facilities. 
Not only would such meetings dir­ ectly benefit the city’s convention and visitor business, he explained, but they would also introduce executives to the area. 
“ Industry often follows tourism into an area,” Coleman said, “ when the corporate officer has the opportunity to visit for recreation or a meeting. We want to create that opportunity.” 
FIRM 

Continued from Page IG 

 their neighborhood. 
“ We ran into a great deal of flack on the expansion so, after it (the rezoning case) was turned down, it was either move or shut down,” said McAllister, grandson of Mayor Emeritus W. VV. 
McAllister Sr. 
So the firm, headed by Alfred VV. 
Negley, will take its 15o employes and equipment and move. 
The company owns other terminals in Austin, Corpus Christi and Waco. 
With connecting lines with other re­ gional carriers, it covers a 16-state region. 
Trading in 

And what will happen to the Zavalla facility? 
“ W’e’re trading in the old terminal on the land we’re buying out there,” 
McAllister said. “ We imposed that condition because frankly, with the problems with COPS and zoning, we consider this (location) a white ele­ phant.” 
So, with the passage of the ordin­ ance, the deal for the Southeast pro­ perty will go through and the Zavalla 
Street “ white elephant” will belong to the development group. 
McAllister noted his business was constantly expanding and pointed to an application to raise the size of the packages it can transport from a maximum IOO pounds to 35o pounds currently before the Texas Railroad 
Commission as proof. 
The increased size will mean in­ creased business, he said, which should mean more jobs at the new plant. The exact number of any new positions, however, cannot be estimat­ ed at this time, he said. 

The possible result, he foresees, might be the consideration of San 
Antonio as the location for new cor­ porate headquarters facilities. 
“ San Antonio certainly stands to gain from any corporate meeting we can attract,” the task force chairman noted, adding that the help of local companies was needed. 
“ We are asking that every San An­ tonian in a position to help to get involved in this program. If every local manager will write his corporate headquarters and ask that they consider San Antonio for a meeting location, our chances of actually get­ ting their corporate meeting here will improve greatly.” 
The task force has contacted corporations in such fields as office machines, airlines, retail chains, pe­ troleum processors, garment manu­ facturers, insurance and real estate, 
Coleman said. 

Some 3o recalls, involving more than a million tires, have been initiated since 
1973 by the U.S. Department of Tran­ sportation’s National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration. 
Most have been related to tread se­ paration or blowout problems. 
Some manufacturers also have ini­ tiated their own recalls. The total number of radials recalled, of course, is only a small fraction of the estimat­ ed 2oo million produced since 1972. 

Production problems 
Many industry officials now admit that production problems created some of the troubles. Employes had to be trained to use an all-new techno­ logy. Bias tire equipment quickly proved to be unsuited for radial pro­ duction. 
“ We adopted European radial de­ signs,” says Kenneth Campbell, ad­ ministrative engineer in the tire deve­ lopment of Firestone Tire and Rubber 
Co. 
“ But in this country, one of the big­ gest early problems was complaints about vibration. 
In Europe, the car suspensions are tighter and the roads aren’t very smooth, so nobody knew if the tire vi­ brated.” 
Adapting European radial designs to 
U.S. highways also created other problems. 
If radials are even slightly underin­ flated, they suffer heat buildup which eventually damages the tire. On Euro­ pean roads heat buildup was less of a problem. 

But on long U.S. highways — espe­ cially in warmer climates — the buil­ dup of heat could prove disastrous, causing deterioration of tread and even total tire failure. 
Says a spokesman for General Tire and Rubber Co., “ Uniformity was the biggest problem at the start — getting all the radials built exactly the same.” 

 iM ore complex 
Radials are also more complex than ordinary bias tires. A slight variation in laying the tread layer over the steel or fabric belt may cause uneven wear or create a maddening “ thump- thump-thump” inside the car. 
“ All the components must be much more exact in making radials,” says 
Uniroyal’s Schmalz. “ Any differences will cause trouble.” 
When the industry began selling more steel-belted radials, the com­ plexity got even worse. 
Some companies had trouble deve­ loping tread beads that adhered to the underlying steel belts under severe conditions of high speed, heat or un­ derinflation. The result, in at least a few cases, was tread separating from the steel belt. 

A few' manufacturers discovered that unless the tread bead was placed ex­ actly over the belt, salt and water from roadways would corrode the steel and cause tire failure. 
Industry officials insist, however, that all the problems associated with the start of massive radial production have been solved. 
HEALTH SPAS 

Continued from Page IG 

 this northwest area. 
“ People here need this facility,” he said. 
Officials of Trim and Swim Health and Beauty Spas think they see the need, too, and are currently planning to build in the same area. 
“ We’re a year off from actual ex­ pansion,” warned Dist. Mgr. Bill Os­ born. “ We’re looking at locations in the 
IBIO and IH41o area around Babcock 
Road.” • 
Osborn said his company — after 2o years, the veteran of San Antonio spas 
— will construct a free-standing building which, when equipped, will cost between $75o,ooo and $1 million. 
Trim and Swim operates for faci­ lities — three in San Antonio and one in 
Austin — which boast, Osborn said, more than 11,ooo members, 8o per cent of whom attend at least twice weekly. 
International Spa and Trim and 
Swim offer active (such as weights) and passive (such as vibrator belts) exercise equipment to help clients lose weight and gain physical fitness. 
Managers of both companies say, however, the passive equipment does not really help in that goal but is of­ fered for psychological reasons or be­ cause “ use of such things dies hard.” 
The two firms also offer the full line of “ wet” facilities, such as swimming pools, sauna, steam and whirlpool baths. 
Prices between the three are com­ 

 parable, varying only about $3o-$4o per year. 
The difference, Van Patten believes, is basically in the amount of instruc­ tion given on exercise equipment and in principles of management. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell will do the groundbreaking honors Friday at ll a.m. for the second Racquetball and 
Handball Club of San Antonio at Torino 
Drive and Callaghan Road. 

The new club, companion to the two-year-old locally owned facility at 
121 NWr IH41o, will open in October and, when equipped, wili cost an esti­ 

 mated $4oo,ooo. 
Like the spas, the club will have sauna and steam rooms, whirlpool baths, a running track and a weight room in addition to seven regulation racquetball courts and one squash court. 
The firm’s more than 1,ooo mem­ bers pay a yearly fee plus an hourly rate on facilities used to belong to the club. _ 
“ Everyone is just more aware of their physical condition these days,” explains a club spokesman. “ They are beginning to discover that if you look good, you feel good.” 

SHOPPER STOPPER, INC. 

342.3241 
Center” 342.3242 

BEACO N CIRCLE 

I 
'A Mi. N orth of Loop 4 1 o • O ff San Pedro 

W H Y RENT A SIGN? 

W e offer this deal: A big double faced board 4 ’ x 8 ’ on 

 welded A frame in brilliant yellow with tracks for 4 lines 8 

 copy, 2o6 plastic letters bold black. All for $598.5o with 

 tax. 

Compare with us when you need a custom identification 

 plastic-electric sign. Call us for any size, any amount of 

 hand painted, silk screened, magnetic signs. 

615 W. Rhapsody 
San Antonio, Tex. 78216 

 r 
Malrkel[place 

The Local Ledger 

Net earnings for the three months ending March 31 were up 55 per cent over the same quarter a year ago for Gulf Energy & Development Corp. 
Earnings topped $64o,ooo or 74 cents per primary share compared to 48 cents per primary share for the first quarter of 1976. 
The Air Force Systems Command has awarded Dayton, Ohio-based 
Technology Inc. a $582,915 contract to study the effects of laser radiation on the eyes of pilots and aircraft crews. Work on the project will be done at the School of Aerospace Medicine, Brooks AFB. 
Ammest Group Inc., a San Antonio-based insurance holding company, has announced consolidated net income of $222,39o, or 15 cents per share for the first quarter of the year. This is compared $68,592, or 5 cents a share for the same quarter in 1976. Life insurance in force for the group increased to 
$57o million, up from $532 million as of Dec. 31, 1976. 
Mercantile Texas Corp. of Dallas, parent firm of Alamo National Bank has declared dividends on both common and preferred stock. A preferred dividend of 75 cents is payable July 15 to stoekholds of record as of June 15 while a 3o cent per share common dividend is payable June 27 to stock­ holders of record June 15. 
United Services Automobile Assn. (USAA) was recently given a replica of the Boy Scout Statue by Herbert Wilkins, executive scout of the Alamo 
Area Council of Boy Scouts. USAA sponsored the committee on ticket sales for the 1976 Scout County Fair and produced a 26 per cent increase in sales over 1975. 
Wylain Inc., parent firm of local Friedrich Air Conditioning and 
Refrigeration Co., has placed $35 million of 9 per cent senior notes with several insurance firms, payable over the next 15 years. The proceeds from this transaction were used to retire an existing $31 million bank loan, due in 
1978. Some $1o million of new working capital for the Dallas-based firm was also secured from the move. 
Pamex Foods Inc., owners of Pancho’s Mexican Buffet and the Spanish 
Galleon Restaurant, has announced an increase of sales to $5,245,362, which is $238,754 over 1976 first quarter figures. Net earnings for the three months were $54,4o4, or 4 cents per share. 
A realignment of territories for American National Insurance Co. has created a new Lone Star region, which includes outlets in San Antonio, New 
Braunfels, Del Rio, Kerrville, Pleasanton and El Paso. Robert H. Law assumes the regional directorship with the retirement of 
J.C. Bullion, director of the company’s old Southwestern region — primarily Central and 
West Texas — after more than 3o years in that post. 
Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc. has completed its previously an­ nounced acquisition of Bancapitai Financial Corp. of Austin. Some 8oo,ooo 
Texas Commerce common shares, valued at $26 million, were issued to 
Bancapitai holders. The acquisition gives Texas Commerce a total of 33 banks. 
S. S. Kresge Co., with a local store in North Star Mall, will soon change its name to conform to the corporate name, K-Mart Inc. 
Small Business Administration will hold a one-day management work­ shop in the Federal Building on Tuesday. Call Henry Garcia, the small business administrator, at 229-6287 for details. 
J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 9 7 7 

Mexico remains a haven for tourists 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
In some tourism circles it is considered bad taste — not to mention bad business — to tell travelers about unfavorable conditions developing in any ar­ ea of the world. 
Except, of course, when c irc u m ­ stances make such a painful disclosure unavoidable. Armed revolt, e a r th ­ quake or an epidemic, for example. 
Fortunately, no such crisis is occur­ ring in Mexico and there is no reason for to urists to cancel plans for a south-of-the-border vacation. 
Indeed, the devaluation late last year of the Mexican peso and reduced prices of hotel rooms, meals and some h an dicrafts have m ade Mexico — temporarily, at least — one of this he­ misphere’s best travel bargains. 
Thousands of happy “ gringos” and other foreigners have returned from tneir Christmas-New Year’s holidays at jam-packed Acapulco Puerto Val- larta or Cancun, where the sun and ocean were w arm , the atm osphere peaceful, and the business quite nor­ mal. 
Nevertheless, with due respects to the highly com petitive and som etim es 

JOSE LOPEZ PORTILLO 

 overly sensitive travel industry on both sides of the border, Mexico’s internal problem s have become a cause of growing concern to many U.S. tourists, including this good neighbor. 
There have also been signs of unea­ siness in at least one segment of the 
U.S. travel trade, a cautious warning from the State Department, and efforts to elicit from President Jose Lopez 
Portillo a reassuring statement to 
Take only back roads in Ireland 
Around the World 
GALWAY, Ireland - 
“Go to the bottom of the street,” said the man in rainy G alway, “ past 
Lynch’s Castle as is now a bank. 
“ And it was Ju dge 
Lynch hanged his own son, Walter, when no one else would lay a hand to the rope. Then take the turning at Spanish P ar­ ade. (There was a great wine trade with Spain at one time.) 
“ Rice de Culvey sailed with Columbus and he was a Galwayman. Not many know that. 
“ And then you’ll be on 
Father Griffin Road — him that was murdered by the English Black and 
Tans...” 
Directions come with a bit of _ Irish history thrown in. You m ust drive in Ireland and take only back roads. 
Castle 
A bend in the road dis­ covers a ruined castle. 
(No doubt enchanted, too.) 
On a path near Dromo- land Castle, I clim bed over the stile and sat on the outer w alls of 
Mooghaun. It was the biggest of Bronze Age fortress towns. 
Two miles across on a hilltop. 
In the 186os, workers on the West Clare rail­ road put a shovel into the edge of it. They unco­ vered the greatest col­ lection of Bronze Age gold ornam ents ever found in Europe. 
I’ve been there half a dozen times. Sitting on the sunny wall. The air 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

 full of birdsong. In other countries, th e r e ’d be guides and probably a restaurant. A “sound and- light” thing at night. 
No one 
I’ve never seen a single soul at Mooghaun. Yet it’s only two miles from touchdown at Shannon 
Airport. 
O verhead, the gian t 
747s slide by on final ap­ proach. 
Full flaps. 
Wheels down. So close you could reach them with a tossed pebble. 
From green County 
Clare go north (through 
Galway) into 
Conne­ m ara, lavender with h eather 
Gray skies. 
White sheep. Bricks of brown peat. 
Said the Galway man: 
“ Up there is Hen’s Castle that was owned by the ferocious O’F lah erty . 
They say he got it in a bargain with a witch, and she built it for him in one night. 
“ For good m easure, she threw in a marvelous hen: ‘She’ll lay you en­ ough eggs in tim e of siege to feed the entire g a r r is o n .’ ‘Thank you k in d ly ,’ says the fero ­ cious O’Flaherty. 
“ So (said the Galway­ man) there came a time when the castle was be­ sieged. And the hen laid eggs for the entire g a r­ rison. 
“ But The O’Flaherty 

AIR/DELUXE 
MOTORCOACH TOUR 
OF 
NEW ENGLAND 
FEATURING 
The Beauty of Fall Foliage 
October 2-9 

COST FROM SAN ANTONIO 
,733, rn 

INCLUDES: 
• ROI \ D T R IP COMMERCIAL 
J E T AIRFARE TO BOSTON 
• » NIGHTS H O TE L 

• ALL MEALS 

ESCORTED FRO M SA A ANTONIO 
AN D OFFERED B) 

A N T O N I O T T I , INC 

"JU1.11 
8517 Blanco Rd., at Wast Ava., 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 
512/349-2421 

 tired of eggs. ‘It’s eggs for breakfast and eggs for te a ,’ says he. ‘Om- lettes for su p p er and hard eggs at noon. 
“ What I’ve a taste for,’ says The O’Flaherty, ‘is a bit of chicken.’ 
“ So into the pot he popped the m arvelous hen. And the Castle was soon starved out.” 
On a rainy road near 
Lisdoonvarna, (on the way to Galway Bay) you’ll pass the gray ruins of L em eneagh Castle. 
The empty windows are like eye sockets in a skull. 
“ It was here Red Mary lived — Mary Ruagh. Her that turned her wounded husband from the door saying: ‘We want no dead men here.’” 
Tore down 
Wicked Mary passed by a miserable hut of a miserable widow. Had it torn down. “ The sight of it displeases me.” 
The widow then called down a fearful curse on 
Red Mary. 
“ So riding home, her scarf caught in a tree branch, do you see. And the crack of it broke her neck.” 
They say on dark nights, when rain and wind blow off the Atlan­ tic, you’ll hear the clatter of horses and the clink of spurs. 
“ And that will be Red 
Mary and her soldiers. 
Riding down to Limerick to fulfill the everlasting curse and have her neck broken again.” 
There are some 3oo 
Irish farm houses that take in guests. Usually only rooms for four to six. The very best — more manor houses than simple farmhouses — are listed in “ Irish Country 
Houses and R e s ta u r­ ants.” 
Write for it free at Irish 
T ourist Offices. 
The main one in New York 
City is at 59o Fifth Ave., 
1oo36. 
You pick up a car at 
Dublin or Shannon Air­ port. Your airline will reserve it when you buy your ticket. Drive on the left. Steering wheel on the right. 
No freeways 
There are no freeways in Ireland, but m ain roads have fast traffic and not much to see. Ifs on the country roads — 
“ They say Irish kings met there to m ake a treaty,” said the farmer. 
It was a g re a t stone platform in his pasture. 
“ Who knows? It m ay have been Brian Boru, himself.” europe a 

Free 164 Page Book!| 

4 4 different tours to all of Europe, incl. Scandinavia, Russia, Balkans, etc. 
Pius Morocco. 2 to 4 weeks, escorted, all expense incl. air, $1o28 to $2489, d'ble occupancy. Frequent departures. 
For your free copy write or phone; 
_ 

 i. n a m e - 
• 
“ 
“ 
" T . T . r . T T T r r r e n n eF t w o rT dI r a v e i” ll 
11 
North Star M all 
ADDRESS........................................................... 
3 4 9 - 2 7 6 1 
|j ll 
Trinity University ti 

 p h o n e ........................................................... 
7 3 6 - 6 2 1 1 
I 
Windsor Park M ali 
11 
C ITY....................... s t a t e ................z i p --------- 
6 5 4 - 6 3 1 o 

*. t 
LUIS ECHEVERRIA 

 tourists about what action his admin­ istration plans to take. 
Lopez Portillo told one U.S. colum­ nist that he had six months to restore stability. Inflation is rampant, food prices have soared, and there is widespread unemployment and under­ employment. 
Travel facts 

Consider these travel facts: 
• The Mexican travel industry, has been in the grip of its “ worst crisis in history,” with foreign tourism off by 12 per cent. Many blame the policies of former President Luis Eeheverria. 
• An Illinois travel agent was m ur­ dered last May while on a familiariza­ tion trip to Acapulco and another agent accompanying him is still missing. 
She is presumed dead. 
• On Christmas Day an elderly Il­ linois minister and his school-teacher daughter were shot to death in their car on a main road 8o miles east of 
Mazatlan. In this slaying nothing ap­ 

 peared to have been stolen. 
• The State Department’s Office of 
Special Consular Services advised the 
American Automobile Assn. by letter last October that “ the seriousness” of recent incidents “may be sufficient to warrant alerting travelers about the general situation.” The letter stated that “there is no worry over the safety and well-being of the vast majority of tourists who travel to Mexico. 
• The American Automobile Assn., in a letter sent to President Lopez 
Portillo on Dec. IO, expressed concern 
“about certain hazards” that include 
“ harrassmenL assaults and armed robberies” and urged him “to do all that you can to eliminate these hazards and make travel into Mexico the rewarding cultural experience that it should be ...” The AAA also noted that while serious problems “are rela­ tively few in number, their impact is widespread.'* 
Danger 

How did Mexico find itself in danger of tarnishing its long-standing image as a safe country filled with warm, friendly people where the greatest danger — aside from reckless macho drivers — was the ever-present threat of hot ch ilis and 
M octezum a’s revenge? 
A people willing to overlook frac­ tured Spanish and open their homes and their hearth to the North American visitor. 
A sunny land (albeit poor and often cruel to millions of peasants seeking to eke out a livin g), where the word gringo could shed its earlier unplea­ sant status of epithet and often, when uttered with a smile, lose even its oc­ casional edge in a spontaneous burst of affection. 
Certainly there are no simple or full answers. Fortunately, as syndicated 

 columnist James morse agrees, no in­ dications of “anti-Americanism” have been found in any of the attacks on motorists or other travelers, and some of the cases publicized elsewhere a few months ago actually took place from one to two years ago. 
Several of the more res ent incidents have occurred in the troubled north­ west area of Mexico, where militant peasant groups have been active. 
There are no racial or color conflicts in 
Mexico. 
Yet former President Eeheverria, it is generally agreed, made serious mis­ 

 takes in his vain efforts to ingratiate himself with the Third World and thus secure the post of Secretary General of the United Nations (which he did not get), and in governing his country. 
Three of those m istakes are well known: 
• First, he aligned his country with the Arab-backed resolution in the 
United Nations that branded Zionism as “ racism ” just before the winter 
1975-76 high season began. American 
Jews (heavy spenders in Mexico) and non-Jews responded with a very effee- 

Like Father? Like Sun? 

SPEND FATHERS DAY WEEKEND 

IN 
JUNE 16- 19 
GPUEHSroH 
GVALLAR6TA 
$179 

• Roundtrip A irfare from San Antonio 

• 4 Days- 3 Nights at beach front HOLIDAY INN 
Double Occupancy 

• Welcome Riviera Cocktail 

• Riviera Beach FIESTA dancing; cockfights; buffet; 
Mariachis ,. 
A N D 

• Bora Bora SUNSET CRUISE 
OR 
• Deep sea FISHING 

It’* Your World Tours! 

I 

MEXICAN RIVIERA AGENT of the WEEK 
M ORGAN Tours 
226-2431 

Were A meiiCcin Airlines. Doing wlmt we 
The best wiw to see 
Cal i forma: Fly Drive 
The best price: American. 

 r 

\ 
The 
American 
Experience 
Fly/Drive 

Fly to California v on America's No. I airline. Pick up your carat any American 
Airlines city when you * arrive. Spend the next 
7 days driving where and when you want to 
...a n d the next 6 nights staying at comfortable hotels all over the state. 
\ 
When you’re ready to go home, just drop your car off in the city where you catch your American flight back. 
That’s American Airlines’ 
Fly-Drive Vacation Package— the lowest cost and most flexible 
Fly-Drive available. And the only one that offers both sightseeing and dining options. 
American's Fly-Drive is perfect for people who would like to discover California on their own, at their own pace. 
It’s also a great idea for families who would normally make the trip in their own car. Consider this: To take four people to California by car, it would cost approximately $ I OO per day for food, lodging, gas and extras. Plus all the vacation time you lose by driving. Not to 
*** mention the wear and tear on everybody. 
When you add it all up, we think you'll find 
............ that your family can save valuable vacation days and dollars with an American Fly-Drive Vacation Package. For details, call American or your Travel Agent. Saving you money is one of the things we do best. 

* $3o.9o per day (for up to 4 people). Includes accom­ modations at Howard Johnson Motor Lodges or Quality 
Inns plus a Dollar Rent-A-Car (Pinto or equal) with unlimited mileage (gas and taxes extra). Air fare not included. 
* * $27.9o per day (for 2 people). Includes accom moda­ tions at Best Western Hotels. Same deal on Dollar Rent-A-Car. 
Air fare not included. Rates for both packages based on 
7 day s/6 nights. (At some hotels there’s a surcharge.) 

Vacation— 
Family Style 
*3o9 (W 
Couples Style 
*27.9o,„ c... 

American is (lie No. I choice for domestic travel. 
First the Airline Passengers Association surveyed its frequent-flying members. Then the Opinion 
Research Corporation surveyed middle and top management executives. In both cases, more people preferred A mer ii an than any other U.S. airline. We think ifs 
\ because of 36 thousand courteous, 
\ efficient A mer icon employees. 
\ 
A nd one of them is Stan 
\ 
Warren, baggage service 
\ agent here in San 
Antonio 

& 

\ 
\ 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S— 
Sunday M ay 22 I 977 
Flood o f Cuba tours stymied by Treasury 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK—President Carter announced the removal of the ban on travel by Americans to 
Cuba two months ago, and tour operators — anticipating the move — had already created tour packages with the coopera­ tion of the Cubans and invited travelers to sign on. 

However, the “ explosive dem and” 
(as one operator described it) from 
Americans to visit the island has not been satisfied. 
No groups of ordinary tourists have set foot in Havana to dance the rhumba in celebration of the resum ption of travel — stopped when the Eisenhower adm inistration broke off diplom atic relations with the Castro government in 1961. The reason: Financial restric­ tions. 
Embargo 

After the President lifted the travel ban, the United States T reasury re­ moved the re stric tio n s forbidding 
Americans to spend dollars in Cuba, but it has retained the trade embargo that prevents business transactions. 
Thus American travel firms cannot legally transfer funds to Havana to pay for their custom ers’ hotels and other costs. “We were all set to go but we’re stymied,” says a tour packager. 
The Cubans, for their p art, want 
American tour groups. Officials of Cu- batur, the state tourist organization, say they p re fe r to accom m odate parties, adding that they are not yet equipped to cater to independent tra­ velers. (Travel within Cuba is allowed only in escorted groups. No self-drive cars can be rented and no credit cards are accepted.) 
The Cuban T ravel Bureau, a new subsidiary of O rbitair International (2o 
East 4oth St., New York 1oo17, tel.: 
212-986-15oo), is the first Am erican travel com pany to be officially ap ­ 

 pointed to represent the Cuban travel industry. 

But it cannot operate tours to Cuba on its own because of the T reasury trade embargo. It is sidestepping that restriction by linking up with a travel firm in Canada. 

Cuban T ravel Bureau is running weekly eight-day trips in conjunction with Treasure Tours of Montreal, and 
A m ericans will have to fly first to 
Montreal to join the groups. 

Check this list before yon leave 

In the excitement of planning itineraries, packing and making reserva­ tions, vacationers often forget important pre-vacation tasks. 
And by the time they remember, the American Automobile Assn. says, it can be too late. 
To avoid forgetting these necessary arrangements, and to discourage burglars by making the home look lived in, AAA offers this bandy checklist for travelers: 
• Disconnect all electrical appliances. 
• Set thermostat at an energy-conserving temperature of about 5o degrees in the winter; turn it off in the summer. 
• Arrange for care of pets and housepiants. 
• Leave a key with a neighbor so a periodic check can be made of plumbing and heating equipment. 
• Stop deliveries of milk, newspapers, mail and laundry. 
• Inform neighbors and police that you will be out of town; ask them to keep an eye on your place. 
• Lock all exterior windows and doors. 
• Remove hidden door keys from outside of the house. 
• Leave shades part way down. 
• Use a timing device to turn on one or two lights at dusk, then off again at your usual bedtime. 

*■» 

Billy the Kid will ride again in celebration 

LINCOLN, N.M. — They’re making ready in Old Lincoln Town to comme­ morate days gone by — days when 
Billy the Kid shot his way into legend, when Pony Express riders carried the m ail, and m ore settled folk m ade music with their fiddles, showed off their handmade quilts at bazaars, and entertained themselves with parades. 
Ifs all still there in Old Lincoln 
Town where the 187os never die. The era flourishes most colorfully in this 
New Mexico community during the first weekend of August in the annual 
Old Lincoln Days celebration, set this year for Aug. 6-8. 
Billy the Kid rides again, avenging the m urder of his employer and friend, 
Old ferry just can’t die 

W ASHINGTON ROST SERVICE 
HATTON, Va. - When the first warm w inds of M arch rustle the still-bare oaks and willows beside his century-old ferry landing, Ned Hocker looks out, as his father and grand­ father did before him, onto the ripples and eddies of a Jam es 
River swollen with rainfall and the promise of spring. 
Spring means people to Hocker, a bull-strong man of 64 who powers one of the nation’s last pole ferries — a 
Pogo-style barge he guides as much through time as through distance. 
5o a day 
On warm weekends about 5o cars a day may ride his tiny craft, which carries Virginia Rte. 625 from a bare 
Albemarle County riverbank 6oo feet southw ard over the w ater to the equally em pty Buckingham County shore. 
Hocker likes the company. 
“ People come from ail over to ride this ferry,” he said with some pride 

HAWAIIAN 
HOSPITALITY 

8 DAYS/7 HIGHTS 
' 
Texas State 
RR to run 

L im ited runs of the 
T exas S tate R ailroad between Rusk and Pales­ tine have been set for weekends and holidays from May 28 through 
Sept. 5. 

The best deal going. 
8 days/7 nights. 
Sun, sand and fun. 
GUADALAJARA 
& M AZ ATL AN for 
*9 9 * o 

3 NIGHTS IN 
GUADALAJARA AT THE r * HO TEL 
F E N I X 
I The happiest hotel in town 

Per person, double occupancy, plus airfare. 

4 NIGHTS IN 
MAZATLAN AT THE 
PLAYA to REY 
YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME 
Included in this special price: 
Hotel rooms, city tour in 
Guadalajara, bay tour in Mazatlan. 

IN BOTH HOTELS: 
Full breakfast, welcome cocktail of your choice and night club cover. 
Two children under 15 free of charge 
(room only) same room as parents. 
Ask your travel agent. Or call 
Mexicana at 8oo-421-43o1 toll-free or send coupon for more information. 
Valid thru Dec. 14, 1977 

Mexicana Airlines, 431 N. St. Marys, 
San Antonio, Texas 782o5 
Phone: 512-225-6387 

Name. 

Address. 

City. 

State/Zip_____________________ Phone. 

Travel Agent _ 
TOUR CODE: IT7MX1MDOM mexicana /iv 
The Airline Most People My to Mexico. 

Texas Parks and Wild­ life Dept. operation offi­ cial Boh Hauser said the train will be powered by steam locomotive with a concession car and seat­ ing for 3o5 passengers. 

D uring the May 28 through Sept. 5 Friday, 
S aturday and Sunday schedule, the train will d ep art from the Rusk depot at ll a.m. 

Holidays included in the schedule are Memor­ ial Day. May 3o; July 4, and Labor Day, Sept. 5. 

Round trip fare for adults is $5.75; one-way adult, $3, children (three years through 12 years) round trip , $3.25; ch il­ dren one-way, $1.75; and children under th ree years of age will ride free. 

R eservations may be made by contacting the 
Texas State R ailroad 
State 
P ark , 
(214) 
683-2561; P.O. Box 39T, 
Rusk, Tex., 75785. 

 and more understanding, 
“ F ast as people go nowadays, it seems to mean something special.” 
The Hatton ferry is one of only four left in Virginia — a monument to the past preserved with sham eless senti­ mentality by the people of Albemarle 
County and the Virginia Department of 
Highways and Transportation. 
Roughly the length and width of a flat-bed truck, it rides a Rube Gold­ berg cable apparatus essentially un­ changed since its debut it 1835 — a model of energy efficiency tat makes the river current do most of the work while Hocker pokes the barge this way and that with an 18-foot, hand-hewn pole. 
No cost 
The trip which costs nothing, takes about five minutes. Time, of course, isn’t the point. 
“ Actually, if you’re on the other side of the riv e r and I’m over h e re ,” 
Hocker said, “ by the time I come over and get you, load you on, carry you over and unload you, you could have drove around over the b rid g e at 
Scottsville. 
“ Ifs only three miles down river . . . 
“ But when I started on this river 46 years ago, they was mules and wagons crossing and it m ade a difference. 
There was a lot of ferries like this one then.” 
Once a thriving river crossing where the railroad stopped to load pulpwood, 
Hatton is m ostly given over now to time and the river. 
J. B. Tindall’s general store closed when Tindall retired in 1972. A rural mail route replaced the post office. 
The normally placid Jam es rose up the same year during Hurricane Agnes and carried off a barn and two frame houses that stood on the bottomland just down the tracks. They never were replaced. 

There’s nothing much here now but 
Hocker’s cinderblock ferry m aster’s hut, the bottomland cornfields and the faint rem ains of the Kanawha Canal towpath, where Hocker’s grandfather drove lead horses for the canal boats in the 187os. 
When the 1972 flood waters receded, leaving the ferry landing clotted with m ud and deb ris and the cable d a ­ maged, the highway departm ent, faced with m illions of dollars in flood da­ m age all over the state, decided an­ achronisms like the Hatton Ferry were a luxury. 
They decided to close it, together with the alm ost identical ferry that operated then at W arren, six m iles upstream. 
History dies hard in Virginia. Before the ink was dry on the announcement, preservationists had petitions circu­ lating; 'Albemarle County had formed a ferry com m ission to check into the m atter. 
Finally the highway people agreed to let the county pay the $9,ooo annual cost of Hocker and his boat out of the county’s secondary road funds. 
At the time of the decision, Hocker was down at C a rtersv ille with his ferry, doing stand-in duty for a washed out trestle. 
He returned in time for a gala reo­ pening here on Sept. 22, 1973, when 
1o,ooo ferry fans turned out to see Ri­ chard Thomas, “ John Boy” of “ The 
W altons” television series, christen the reb u ilt ferry w ith a bottle of champagne and ride across the Jam es in a Model A Ford. 
“Waltons” creator Earl Hammer, after all, grew up just up the road at 
Schuyler. 
V irginia probably could m ake the 
Hatton Ferry as much a magnet for tourism as Vermont’s covered bridges are for New England. 

The state has never done so. You can’t even find it on a state map. 
Ferry freak s from around the country usually just drive to Scotts­ ville, 65 miles west of Richmond, and ask around. 
Eventually they find their way down the hill to Hocker, who’s on duty 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Wednesday through Sunday and always glad to see them. 
“ I hardly ever get lonely,” he said. 
“ When the people a re n ’t here, the river keeps me company.” 

John Tunstall, in the reenactment of the Lincoln County War in tne pageant, 
“ The Last Escape of Billy the Kid.” 
The pageant was written in 194o as a 
W orks 
P ro g re ss 
A dm inistration w riter’s project and used lo be acted in the streets of this frontier town before the buildings where the events actually took place. 
The first person to play Billy the Kid was artist Peter Hurd, who lives in the 
Hondo Valley nearby (a drive through the countryside is a drive through a 
Hurd landscape). 
The Kid, they say, was a slight blond young man, charming and full of fun. 
But his love of action often landed him on the wrong side of the law, two of the crim es charged against him being murder and rustling. 
They still run the Pony Express to 
Old Lincoln Town, starting at White 
Oaks while shadows stretch long, early on a Saturday m orning. Forty-one miles they go, hell-bent for leather over Capitan Pass, racing to be first to deliver the mail to the postmaster in 
Lincoln. 
Mail route 
It’s an official mail route for the day, and folks anywhere can post a letter. 
Last y ear’s riders carried m ail ad­ dressed to all 5o states and 18 foreign countries. 
A person can send a letter to himself, or to anyone he wants to, starry) it first class or foreign air mail, and put it in a bigger envelope. 
Enclose a note in the bigger envelope asking that the letter be carried in the 
Pony Express Race from White Oaks to Lincoln. Also enclose 25 cents per letter for the official Pony E xpress 
Seal with certifies that the letter did indeed travel by Pony Express. 
A ddress the big envelope to the 
Postm aster, Lincoln, N.M. 88338, and the mail will be carried in the race. 

The Old Fiddlers Contest warms up under the trees by the parking lot next to the pageant grounds, and som e listeners just naturally start dancing. 
Tunes in the contest are authentic old-time music, played by young and old. 

The handmade items offered today are more likely to be pottery or, weaving than quilts, but they’re dis­ played in a historic setting at the arts and crafts fair. 

The frontier days parade is a color­ ful, old-time costum e, old-tim e vehi­ cle, old-tim e anything parade, that wends along the street of this partly restored village. 
MEXICO 

A Panama Canal cruise with Poyal Piking Line. 
There's nothing else like it. 

PER PERSON COST $1,863.oo - $2,311.oo 
G R O U P ESCORTED FRO M SA N A N T O N IO 
OCTOBER 31 - N O VEM BER 16 
For Details Come In . . . O r Call Us N ow . . . 

£a n AntonioT r m l , in c 

•KHIEU 
8517 Blanco Rd., at Was*/- 
San Antonio, Taxas 7p ' 
512/349 2421 

 a t w i n 

Dial 

 direct line to classified ads 

New jets ready for 
S. Africa 
NEW YORK - South 
African Airways has in­ troduced Boeing 747 jets on its run between New 
York and Johannesburg. 
The plans are larger than the 7o7s form erly used on the route. The 
747s are the first to join the principal cities of the 
U.S. and South Africa. 
The Boeing 747B, a modified version of the original 747, is scheduled for service on Saturdays, and the Boeing 747SP for the Friday evening se r-‘ vice from New York. 

 tive travel boycott that cost the Mexi­ cans m illions of d o llars in lost bookings. 
Continuing 
The rap p ro ch em en t with Jew ish travelers begun belatedly by Echever- ria before his term ended and contin­ ued warmly by his successor, may take a few more months to be fully effec­ tive, according to one high Mexican official who discussed the cu rren t tourism situation informally in a re­ cent phone conversation. 
Tourism supplies at least one-third of Mexico’s foreign exchange, thus the 
“ industry without chim neys” plays a vital role in the country’s economic health. 

• Second, E cheverria’s dom estic programs and economic policies, cou­ pled with the continuing adverse affect of Mexico’s high birthrate and a world recession, prompted a devaluation of the peso shortly before he was to leave office. Though, among other results, the devaluation made Mexico cheaper for the tourist (and spawned an ad­ vertising and publicity cam paign), it also upset the m iddle and upper classes and triggered a massive flight of capital from the country. 

• Third, in the midst of the unset­ tling m onetary m ove, E ch ev erria com plicated m atters even more for 
Lopez P o rtillo by ex p ro p riatin g hundreds of thousands of acres of pro­ ductive *— and scarce — farm land from private owners and turning them over to landless peasants. 
This further alienated the private secto r, which a lread y d istru ste d 
Echeverria because of his radical po­ licies; it also precipitated rumors of a military coup that threatened momeh- tarily to destroy M exico’s peaceful image around the world, and it fright­ ened travelers. 
That move also has raised the hopes of militant peasants for more land and may yet cause serious problems for a new government aware that it has no land to give. 

L ittle discussed, however, was a fourth mistake, which luckily has had little effect. 
This was Echeverria’s appeal to na­ tionalism that caused some Mexicans to dredge up decades-old (and often legitim ate) grudges about past U.S. intervention and injustices in connec­ tion with Mexico’s internal affairs. 

More realistic Mexicans have long ago buried his past history with the knowledge that our common border and inextricably entwined interests make friendly relations an essential fact of life. 

Certainly anything that might affect those relations, including further at­ tacks on travelers, could cause a major disruption in tourism that might take years to repair, especially since the competition for the U.S. tourist dollar has greatly intensified during the past few years. 
The AAA has ju st rem inded its members “ to be courteous and patient with au th o rities when traveling in 
Mexico, and to strictly follow all go­ vernment regulations . . . automobile and recreatio n al vehicle tra v e le rs especially should be p rep ared for roadblocks — many of them designed to block narcotics trade — and bur­ eaucratic red tape that confront the ordinary U.S. tourist in Mexico . . . 
Foreign country 
“ While at many places tourists can easily cross the border into Mexico, especially for short periods, it’s im ­ portant to rem em ber that Mexico is a foreign country. 
“ It has its own laws, based on the 
Napoleonic code which presumes guilt, not innocence. It has its own methods 
)f police interrogation. And th ere’s ittle that American authorities can do 
.o help out.” 
The AAA says this year “ nearly 3.3 million U.S. citizens will travel into the interior of Mexico, spending an esti­ mated $1.9 billion.” 
That’s approxim ately 48 billion pe­ sos, an investment certainly deserving of some tender loving care. 

WHEN YOU TRAVEL 
CALL 

ALICE PLETZ, certified travel counselor 
INDIVIDUAL-BUSINESS OR PLEASURE 
GROUPS — U.S.A. — W ORLD WIDE 

146 CENTURY BUILDING 
84 N.E. LOOP 41o 
TELEPHONE (512) 342-5241 

But how’s the food? 

NEW YORK - Paul 
G oldberger, food and restaurant writer for the 
New Y ork T im es, re ­ cently had unusual words of praise for the Ambas­ sador Grill in the new 
U nited N ations P laza 
Hotel. 
Goldberger wrote the grill “ is the first good hotel dining room since the 192os. The room is red, with a very dark green and white marble floor and a dazzlingly in­ tricate ceiling of trellis- work and m irro rs, re ­ flecting back upon itself like a prism . . .” 

* 

For Home Delivery. Coll 225-7411 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
Redfish awaiting anglers 

 gulf and bays off tho po­ pular beaches — with fishing providing the leading attraction. 

Though the w eather has kept thousands of 
‘'W inter T exans” here well into spring, and though Corpus Christi’s annual 
‘‘B uccaneer 
Days” ended May 2. the summer vacation fisher­ men are beginning to ar­ rive, or at least to make their arrangements. 

Hotels, motels and RV camps report to the Cor­ pus Christi Area Conven­ tion & Tourist Bureau that advance reserv a­ tions for summer vaca­ tions already indicate “a 

 seeks sailfish, m arlin and various species of shark. 

The fisherm en cast from shore and many of the piers, from their own or chartered boats, or form larger 
‘ 'p arty boats” that spend all day at the "snapper banks,” where reefs — some of them artificial — attract the bottom -fishing species. 

Shrim p, crab s and oysters are plentiful at the area’s seafood m ar­ kets and restau ran ts from com m ercial fisherm en who supply regular cu stom ers among the public. 

And there are always those 2o-pound redfish. 

Aransas comes in July with the M asters’ Tour­ nament and the Deep Sea 
Round-up. 
Speckled trout are the most popular, possibly because they are the most plentiful. 
“ If it weren’t for the catch each y ear,” says one expert, "we d proba­ bly have wall-to-wall speckled trout in all our bays.” 
But anglers who fish for their table or a back­ yard fish fry are enthu­ siastic over flounder, sand trout, whiting, m ackerel, drum , king­ fish, pompano, sheep- shead and jackfish (jack crevelle), red snapper, angel fish (also called spadefish) as the more expert sports angler 

CORPUS CHRISTI 
— With the redfish bill on Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe’s desk, both sports and com mer­ cial fishermen are awaiting his sig­ nature. 
But whatever happens, redfish and many other species are awaiting the vacationers who are now coming here * 
Vacation time is gen­ erally from May through 
August, and more Amer­ icans than ever are ex­ pected to com e to the 
South Texas coastal area 
— hundreds of miles of 

This y ea r a reco rd 
% n u m b er o f A m erica n s are expected to com e to the South Texas coastal a rea , m ainly f o r fish in g 

 sum m er vacation sea- surfers, shell-collectors, son” far in excess of the hikers and others who last winter season. are now checking eaten- 
Not that non-fishermen 
Jars and m$ps and por* will find nothing to do ing over brochures, during their vacation 
Tennis, golf and swim- period. ming for those who 
The miles of uncrowd- prefer pools over the hi­ ed beaches attract sun- formality of the beaches bathers. sw im m ers, will find daily popularity with many. 
Not far away in Rock- port the annual outdoor m g y p r 
Art Festival a ttra cts amat(‘urs a,1(1 collectors 
^ f r o m al l p a r t s of the country who will gather 
()n j u|y 4 

Corpus Christi's new 
Harbor Playhouse will 
B efell house tin' usual melodra- ma for weekends in Ju and August and there w 111 !>c municipal band 
’T * ^ N 
H 
K | | concerts each Sunday at 
‘ *S|f% LA4 
,hc new outdoor auditor- f 
11,111 ,n ( olr 1>ark i s 
But fishing has tin1 
I greatest number of dedi- 
V ^ W - 
* coted devotees among the 
• ^ summer vacationists. iiH HbiF^Sr S v x 'dm -- - m jr 
# 
Redfish are by no vj|r. 'T m eans alone in the 
" 
Mf r quarry to be sought by 
^ w enthusiasts of rod and 
•• ^ 
I ree* on sbore> piers or 
M boats which daily 
JJIflflPfT set‘k tbe piscatorial 
^ 
M ti ' < 
o prizes in bays and gulf. 
I* v xk jig 
A ransas P ass, Port f l f l l ; & x 
>y 
Aransas. Rockport and j p . other spots conduct w weekly contests with prizes for the angler who brings in the largest red­ fish, speckled trout, flounder and even shark. 
The climax at 
Port 

SUMMER CHARTERS 

V i c i 
*> 
*oo 

+ * 
** nnrm u*, 

MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW! 
FOR INFORMATION ON AU CHARTERS 
C A U (512) 8 2 8 -8 1 o 1 fjT\>\W<wrtl«I Triiucl 

B 
. 4 V 
I ) y C e n t e r 
53o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS F82o9 
828-81o1 

THE RIO G R AN D E a v o fe slice s through p rim itiv e g ra n d e u r in the Big Bend w hile tw o rafters enjoy a b rie f m om ent in the eons- old canyon 

THE 
WHITE-WATER of the Colorado River in the 
G ra n d Canyon sw irls a r ­ ound this raft and swells the a d re n a lin flo w of the rafters at right 

Shoot the rapids on a raft 

 m mmrnmm 

 ii; \ - 

This summer, there’s no need to let the energy crunch keep you from having a good time. 
You can leave it all behind with an energy-efficenl vacation: A river trip. 
Let the river transport you to new realms of adventure on the challenging 
Rio Grande in Big Bend National Park, the Colorado in the Grand Canyon, 
Idaho’s Salmon, or Oregon’s Rogue. 
Or you can sample one of the world’s most exciting waterways, like the the 
River Tara in Europe, or the head­ waters of the Amazon in Peru. 
The river raft trip meets a variety of vacation needs. 
On relaxing current between rapids, you can swim, fish or observe wildlife. 
On shore you can explore beautiful side canyons, watch the camp chef bake shortcake in an old fashioned 
Dutch oven or join in campfire songs. 
“ It’s a wonderful, free feeling to be able to tap into the natural energy of the Colorado or the Amazon,” says Lou 
Elliott, president of the American 
River Touring Assn. 
“This is one of the few ways we can make full use of our natural resources without wasting them. Nothing is con­ sumed, no energy lost. 
“The first rule of the river oarsman is to let the river do the work, learning to flow with the river through eddies and challenging white-water,” Elliott says. 
ARTA’s guide to river adventure, trips, ‘‘.River Adventure: 1977” is available free of charge by writing to 
ARTA, 1o16 Jackson St., Oakland, 
Calif. 946o7. 

Aw ay from it all 
. . . or into it. 
^ 

W h e n it c o m e s to c h o ic e s C o rp u s C h risti o ffe rs t S 

 the m ost on the co ast — fo r less th an the rest. 
✓ 
T h e re 's the w o rld 's lo n g e st w h ite sa n d b e a ch , f 
P a d re Islan d N a tio n a l S e a sh o re . U n s p o ile d 
✓ fo r a lw a y s . S o litu d e . S e re n ity. 
Then, f 
<j‘ th e re 's a c tio n a -p le n ty on M u sta n g f ^ 
^ 
Island n e xt-d o o r. A n d d o w n to w n . 
* 
*** & * $ 

E very sport u n d e r the s u n .. .a n d j .No^,o' cf® oo<* a fte r the sun sets. That's 
J #c' 
C o rp u s C h risti. 
✓ .c4 
> C° 
V<v £ rf* 
* a a 
.t? 
Thousands flock to see whoopers 

BUT THE exciting rapids of the Colorado can’t stop this raft, which is guided by licensed boatm en who oversee trip safety, lead shore h ikes and cook cam pfire meals 

 ten, ‘ ‘The sight of a whooping crane in the air is an experience packed with beauty and drama .. 
. it is like a brief and unexpected look at the world as it was in the beginning.” 
The white bird stretches its black-tipped wings into a seven-foot span. The long, ungainly rope of neck tapers to a sharp beak. For an in­ stant you’re reminded of the Concorde, but the re­ semblance to the super­ sonic plane ends when the whooper flaps its graceless wings. 
This is no soaring, ef­ fortless flight into the sky. You find yourself wishing you could help the bird in his awkward effort to get his skinny, stick-like legs off the ground, and you feel re­ lief when the stiff wings finally carry him into the marsh and out of sight. 
“Okay, folks. I told you that you’d see at least one whooper, and now you’ve seen five. Would you like to try for six?” The voice of 
Captain 
F ra n cis 
“ Brownie” Brown comes over the loudspeaker of the good ship “Whooping 
Crane.” 
He’s been taking peo­ ple to the Aransas Na­ tional Wildlife Refuge on his boat 14 years, and he’s never had to pay up on the money back guar- 

By CONNIE SHERLEY 
CORPUS CHRISTI - A short distance from this 
Texas Gulf Coast city are 
Rockport and the Aran­ sas National Wildlife Re­ fuge, winter home of the whooping crane and a lure of thousands of visi­ tors. 
Robert Allen has writ- 

New hotel ready in 
California 

He's young, with fresh ideas about sports-reporting. 
Yet he's into the sports scene like a seasoned veteran. 

Young ideas with the insight and knowledge of and an old pro. What a combination! 

See what we mean. 
Follow Barry’s column 

 every morning in the 

$an Antonio (Express 

You'll agree he's one-of-a-kind. 

THE BEST VACATION 

 and 2 miles out in the kaie'do 
1 1 H 
U 
T i t T A I I * 
O 
I I B l a c o p ic Gu!< of 
M e x ic o 
IIH IIp H I H I M I RI 
Sunsational Galveston Island. 
H I H U 
M 
I I l l B l 
W 
H 
Come see why it s Texas' most popular coastal resort And this year more fun than ever! Famous seafood restaurants. Terrific fishing. M agnificent 
Victorian homes The Gaslit Strand Oceans of entertainment at Sea 
Arama Marineworld Panoramic Seawolf Park Musical spectaculars in the new Lone Star amphitheatre See your travel agent or write for more Information. 

 fWmondxiiic 

I Galveston Island Visitors Bureau 
I 21o2 Beach • Galveston Island, Texas 7755o j Nam e___________________________________ 
J Address_________________________________ 

I City................................ 
S tate_ 

Harlingen 

I 
"I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 
From classroom to studio in one 

A ffairs for KMOL-TV, 
Channel 4, and is San 
Antonio’s first Mexican- 
American news co-an­ chorwoman in an Eng­ lish speaking station. 
Ever since she can re­ member she wanted to be a teacher and early in life she learned that her only ticket to college was a scholarship. 
Maria Elena’s parents were divorced when she was barely two years old. 
Her determination to become a teacher moti­ vated her to make good grades for a scholarship. 
She was nearly an all-A student. 
Self image 
Besides lacking finan­ cial assistance she also experienced the problem of building a self image. 
Here she w as, the 

Maria Elena Tor- ralva is a teacher by choice and a te le ­ vision personality by chance. Both careers have brought her sa­ tisfaction and pride because she has had the opportunity to help people. 
She spent five years educating youngsters in the classroom and since 
1975 she has been edu­ cating people in general as a television commen­ tator and now as news co-anchor woman. “I am still teaching, in a way, and reaching ten tim es m ore people but I do m iss that contact with my students,” she says. 
Mrs. Torralva is direc­ tor of Mexican-American 

 cause her m other be­ lieved that a young Mex­ ican-American girl does not leave home until she is married. 
Instead she enrolled at 
San Antonio College, go­ ing to school from 8 a m. to 2 p.m. and working in a local hospital as a nurses’ aide from ll p.m. to 7 a.m. 
After an interruption of five years to get married and have her two chil­ dren she transferred to 
St. M ary’s U niversity where she earned her 
B.A. in Spanish and speech in 197o. 
Longfellow 
In 197o she went to teach at Longfellow Jun­ ior High School, where she was instrumental in starting the Spanish Club 

Dedication 
Rewarded 

Veronica Salazar 

 daughter of a Mexican- 
American mother and an 
Irish father and bearing the last name of Maley. 
“ It would have been easy for me to negate my her­ itage, as som e of my, teachers suggested, be­ cause of my last name, red hair and freckles. 
But my grandm other, who only spoke Spanish, taught us to be proud of our heritage and to never 

 forget who we were,” she says. 
Her road to a better life by way of education took her at least IO years and it was not an easy one. 
Because of her outstand­ ing grades she was of­ fered scholarships to the 
University of Texas at 
Austin and Southwest 
Texas State University in 
San Marcos but she had to turn them down be- 

MARIA ELENA TORRALVA 
OLLU to get 

$8,OOO donation 

Dr. Leon Blair, vice president and executive dir­ ector of the Texas Bureau for Economic Under­ standing, will donate $8,ooo to Our Lady of the Lake 
University. 

He will present the check to OLLU President 
Gerald Burns during ceremonies at ll a m. Tues­ day. 

The check is a contribution toward the American 
Economy Institute seminar on free enterprise to be held June 6 to J uly I at OLLU. 
Approved 

OLLU’s School of Education was approved by the 
Texas Bureau for Economic Understanding for sponsoring the American Economy Institute. 

Six hours of graduate credit will be offered to institute participants. 

Kenneth G. Place will serve as instructor for the institute. Place holds a master’s degree in education and teaches fundamentals of the free enterprise 
•system and government classes at Samuel Clemens 
High School. 

The institute is limited to 3o certified public school teachers. Accepted participants pay a $25 registra­ tion fee. 

To register for the institute, telephone the admis­ sions office at OLLU at 434-6711, ext. 113. 

OUR ENTIRE *748,ooo STOCK 
SMART LIVING ROOM TABLES 

Now Reduced 

Legally Yours 
Choose from such famous 

 brand names as: 

A public service feature of the San Antonio Bar Assn 

Henredon • Mammary 

Lane • Riverside 
WEALTHY MAN DIES 
WITHOUT LEAVING WILL OR 
IMMEDIATE FAMILY. HIS 
ONLY KIN, A FOURTE COUSIN 
UNKNOWN TO HIM, WILL 
IN H ER IT H IS P&OPERV arm urns* 

Bassett • Mersman 

Many others 

COPYRIGHT 1976, Bar Aisn. Feature* Co. 
Cash in on this tremendous opportunity to save on 

 any occasional table in our entire stock! Save on 

 cocktail, end, bunch, sofa and accent tables, as well 

 as square and hexagonal commodes. You’ll find a 

 grand array,of styles and finishes including pine, oak, 

 pecan and fruitwood colors, plus the dazzling 

 elegance of chrome and glass. 

ANSWER: 
True under the laws of Texas where the deceased was a resident of Texas and all of his property was located in the state. 

This feature presents legal principles and problems. Even though this feature is provided by your San Antonio Bar Assn. it should not be taken as a legal opinion or advice, which can be given only by an attorney after considering all relevant facts and circumstances pertinent to your situation. 
No matter which style you prefer . . . traditional, 

Colonial or contemporary, you’ll discover the right 

 tables to suit your taste at substantial reductions up to 

5 7 % at all four Karotkin’s stores. 

Our Own Convenient Credit plus Master Charge® 

 and BankAmericard 

Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within 

 delivery area. 

ALL 4 STORES OPEN 
M O NDAY NIGHT ’TIL 9 
ESeUCHE 

 m akes every house a little m ore like hom e 

Downtown 
231 E. Commerce 
227-6361 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat. except Thurs. Nite till 9:oo 

Broadway 
9 8o3 Broadway 
8 24 -9 4 o2 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
THE 
UNIVERSAL 
LANGUAGE 
North Star 
San Pedro & Loop 4 1 o 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Big M City 
S. New Braunfels & 
E. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Ring my love with diamonds 
1 

 am not an expert on diamonds. I ani pret­ ty good at recovering stolen goods. I have had a lot of luck. Equity used to loan me out all over hell and gone until I got smart and set myself up as a consultant. A piece of the action is always better. 
This time, Equity was paying for my services. 
First tim e for them. I thought they were going to stay mad forever. 
They briefed me and I left with the 32 big color prints of the 32 m issing items. They had them made from the color slides the jeweler took of his m er­ chandise, everything worth over $3oo. For insurance purposes. A neat and or­ derly man, and a camera buff. Nice pictures. With a scale next to the item, and technical data on a separate sheet. 
Equity is at Park and 55th. I walked down to 48th, four doors west of Fifth Avenue, and wait­ ed until Wally Marks got through talking to some fat men from Amsterdam. 
He is a totally hairless man. 
No eyebrows, eyelashes or hair on the knuckles, even. I think it was a disease he once had. He told me I looked bigger than he remembered; and I said I was actually smaller because, lately, 
I had more chances to work out. 
The idea of working out pained him. 
I sat across the desk as he went through the 32 pictures and 
32 sets of technical information. 
I tried to read him as he studied them. No way. A man who makes his living buying and selling diamonds is in a poker game every day. If you can read him, he goes broke. 
“ Flawless stuff,” I said. 
He shrugged. “ No such thing exists. 
All flawless means, according to FTC regulations, is that you can’t see any flaws with a 1o-power glass. But, at 4o diopters, you’ll see flaws. If I believe what it says here about cut and color and mounting, what you have here, 
Duke, is maybe $6oo,ooo wholesale.” 
“You are $2o,ooo higher than the in­ surance payoff.” 
“Payoff?” He was startled. 
“ After six months of delays and some threats of legal action, good old 
Equity paid off.” 
“Who got ripped?” 
“Wescott and Sons. In Atlanta.” 
IT 
Bf mi e nodded. 
Fancy 
Bf 
||f place. Big stock. 
J L Hell, Duke, it would have to be a big stock.” He stared at his low ceiling for a few moments, fingers laced across his belly. ‘‘What some­ body did,” he said at last, ‘‘they winnowed out the top standard items. Blue whites and whites. 
Your classic, standard cuts. The biggest you’ve got here is 4.19 carats. Quality, but anonymous quality. Some you could leave right in the settings. 
“This one, for example. What you’ve got here is an eight-millimeter-round brilliant cut, carat, blue-white, handcrafted platinum setting, with two fair size baguettes. I could move that tomorrow, as is, for 16-thousand-five without a fear in the world. But a lot of them would have to come out of the 

John D. MacDonald’s latest thriller 

 j T y mm 
"'pyi'PPPB l 

( L j 
BL# j * j a * tt i * ir'rfilfiii iiiiM A M M M M t 
MA t*AM*Uih*AUlAH*Mt i i i Ai ********* l l I 

 settings. Nobody took this stuff with the idea of selling it back to Equity.” 
“So they finally decided.” 
“ Somebody has a channel to feed this stuff right back into the industry. 
Somebody had a lot of time in the vault to select these item s and leave the fancy cuts behind. There’s no junk here. All these stones are saleable and probably already sold.” 
“Somebody had a couple months in the vault.” 
For an instant, he looked startled 
First in a series 
Part 2 is next Su n d ay 

 and then said, “ One of those, huh? 
Made substitutions?” 
Took out my pocket notebook to make sure of the nam e. “ Anne Farley. 
Trusted employe. A pparently, she sneaked the photos and descriptions out, one at a time, and had pretty fair dupes made — good enough to fool the ignorant eye — saved them until the m anager was away from the shop, switched the 32 items and took off.” 
I had one of the substitute items gi­ ven me by Equity and I put it in front of him. A solitaire. He pushed at it with a thick white finger and said, “ Gar­ bage.” 
“Workmanship?” 
He picked it up. “ Pretty good. Not bad.” 
“ Can it be traced by the workmanship?” 
“ Sure. Maybe 15,ooo guys could do this, in this country. Ask them all. Has to be one of them.” 
“ Very funny.” 
“ Duke, somebody is laughing. 
Somebody made off with a half million in diamonds. Nice thing about them is there is hardly any bulk at all. All the great diamonds of the world would fit in one suitcase, and you could walk away with it. But it is an artificial market. Don’t invest for investment. 
Buy for pretty.” 
“What’s wrong with investment?” 
“ Where they m ine them , the countries are unstable. If they decide not to deal with the cartel, they could bust the price down to maybe IO per cent of where it is. Fake scarcity keeps the price up.” 
Reading this can w in you cash 

Private investigator Duke 
Rhoades has to crack one of the toughest cases of his car­ eer — following an old, cold trail to recover a half million dollars worth of diamonds and the woman accused of stealing them. 
Will he succeed? Follow his exploits closely and try to fi­ gure out what’s going to hap­ pen. Next Sunday we’ll tell you how you can win a big cash prize if the story turns out right. 
Don’t miss “Ring my Love with Diamonds” in next Sun­ day’s Express-News. 
^ 
/ 
,, 
JO H N 6 . M acD O N A L D 

“ Wally, what do I owe you for your 
’time and adv ice?” 
“Owe? Don’t talk about owe. .lust tell me how you make out. On this one, you are going to swing and miss.” 
“ That’s what Equity hopes. Then again, maybe they don’t. It’s their money.” 

T iTI r n A / esc°U an(l Sons 
W 
W was in a new 
▼ ▼ hotel, bank, of­ fice building, shopping plaza and park complex — one of those places that look as if it had been designed for the elegant people of some remote time in the future. But until the future arrives, they wall let us barbar­ ians blunder around, hawking and spitting, gawping and ex­ claiming, spending all our mon­ ey and forgetting where we left our car. 
The jewelry store had two entrances, one onto an exclusive little mall, the other opening into a corner of the lobby of a luxury hotel. The display windows, both in the lobby and on the mall, were little niches set behind a reflectionless curve of armored glass, where single items of great value rested on velvet, illuminated by the narrow- beams from concealed spotlights. 
The interior was deeply carpeted in a tufted blue. Ceiling spots shone down on glass cases, on the twinkle of gold w atches, bracelets, chains and charms, on the polished silver of cigar 
•et cases, wedding gifts and baby pre­ sents. There were other customers. 
The clerks were slender, pretty wo­ men, all dressed in gray skirts and white shirtwaist blouses with gold cuff links. 
A young one came to me and mur­ mured shyly of her great wish to help me in any possible way. I said I would like to see the manager, Trevor Lan­ cer, and she asked what about, and I said that it concerned Equity Protec­ tion and the recent settlement. 
She went away with my business card and came back in three minutes and begged me to please follow her. 
Lancer stood up from his leather furniture and shook my hand. He was 
5o trying to look 3o. Mod clothes, bright blue contact lenses, $4o hairstyling and a bandito mustache. 
But the pouches under the eyes, the turkey neck and the brown spots on the backs of his hands gave him away. His office was like an alcove in a club lounge. No desk. Clever diorama of an 
English countryside. He waved me down into a deep leather chair and smiled and said, “Now then! How may 
I help you, Mr. Rhoades?” 
“I’d like to ask you some questions about the robbery last year.” 
His sm ile faded but slightly. He shook his head from side to side, al­ most regretfully. “Oh, I am sorry, Mr. 
Rhoades, but that is impossible. It really is. Five different people — two of them from Equity Protection — questioned me at great length over a period of many weeks, you know. They extracted every scrap of information from me. Surely all that material is on record; and, if you have a legitimate purpose in all this, surely it will be available to you. 
“Frankly, I am sick unto death of it. 
I was deceived by a person I trusted. It took far too long to get the insurance settlement. I feel I was treated badly. I needed money to replace stock. I deal with some very affluent people, and I cannot afford to have a stock so skimpy they get in the habit of going else: where. No, Mr. Rhoades. To me, it is a closed book. And don’t quote the policy 

 to me, the part about reasonable coo­ peration. I hare cooperated. All I am going to. It is over. It cost the business 
$12,ooo in interest on borrowed money to replenish my stock. I had to borrow against the settlement. I do not feel kindly toward Equity. Good day, sir.” 
He stood up and motioned toward the door. 
I walked out of his office but not out of the store. I shopped the cases, look­ ing at golden goodies, waving away the shirt waisted clerks until the one who had caught my eye drifted close enough for me to beckon her over. 
“Would you take that bracelet out of there for me?” 
“ Here you are. Lovely, isn’t it? 
Fourteen karat.” 
“ Now, let’s pretend to be talking about the bracelet.” 
“Sir?” 
“ I investigate insurance claim s. 
There was a big one from here, settled in full. Now Lancer won’t talk to me.” 
“The bracelet is $4oo, plus tax.” 
“ You don’t look as dem ure and bloodless as the rest of the sales staff. I 

 hope Lancer isn’t one of your favorite people.” 
“Hey. Hold it down. Why?” 
“What’s the office gossip, or store gossip, about where Farley is right now?” 
“ I can’t talk here!” 
“I’m in the hotel. I saw a little lounge over on that balcony thing. Named after an animal.” 
“The Blue Raccoon.” 
“ Five-thirty? Six?” 
“Like ten past six.” 
H P 
■ he Kae coon got a good m afterwork play, and 
JBL they were jammed up close and deep at the bar. I had a fine little leather corner with the lady. She said her name was; 
Libby Franklin, a married* name, but she was not working at it lately, and she thought all guys named Rhoades were called Dusty, and I told her that, 

Page 
I -H 

May 22 1977 

 and that my real name was 
Oliver. But, in my 26th year, I had begun to look remotely like 
John Wayne. She tipped her head and squinted at me and pursed her lips and finally said, 
“Faintly.” So I told her I was a sort of sawed-off version of the real Duke, and then did my imitation, which knocked her out. 
She told me I certainly was no great judge of womankind if I thought the other girls at Wescott and Sons looked demure and bloodless. She said they were about as sweet and demure as a pool full of barracuda. She said Wes­ cott and Sons had always hired bet- ter-than-average-looking women — made them dress alike, paid them well, and gave them a commission on sales over a certain figure each week. 
She said she had been there a little over two years, and .I. Trevor Lancer was not, repeat, not one of her favorite people. 
When I asked her why not, she ex­ plained that she was not a very auto­ cratic person. “ He expects and gets total obedience. The girls who can’t take that, who give him an argument last about two weeks. ‘Clean the fin­ gerprints off that case, Laura.’ ‘I don’t like that hairstyle, Wendy . . . change back to the way it was before, please.’ 
‘Print the sales slips, everyone . . . do not use script. Is that clear?’ ‘Bring me my tea at ll, Miss Farley.’ 
“And Anne Farley didn’t resent it?" 
“Resent it? She adored it! She worked for him for 12 years. Of course, most of that time was at the old store on 
Piedmont, before he moved the busi­ ness here.” 
“ He owns it?” 
“ Well, for all practical purposes. His wife, Betty, is a Wescott, the last of the clan. Poor old thing is an invalid.” 
"And Farley had something going with .1. Trevor?” 
“What a truly gross idea! She was sort of tin? head vestal virgin. She thought is was something very special to sell gems to people who got their name in the papers. Lancer was cruel and mean to her and she passed it along to us peasants.” 
“So why would she steal?” 

She looked at me in a measuring way, head atilt, bright blond hair hanging to her shoulder. “ Fido will be howling his poor head off. Want to eat 
Chinese?” 
A'EXT WEEK : Trailing a 
Uhwstocking Honil 

COPYRIGHT 1977, JOHN O. MACDONALD 

Ethan Allen 
Custom Room Plan 
Grows with you 

 today and tomorrow-from your first living room to the future den or childrens room! 

Watching TV, enjoying music, entertaining guests, reading, dining! Now, look what eau happen to a few feet of wall space. Custom Room Plan pulls 
* it all together to transform your walls into a modular activity center. And tomorrow? CRP grows with you into the den, children’s room, office or bedroom. With over 65 units to choose from, you can select straight-lined, 
Shaker-inspired cabinets in a warm brown Nut­ meg finish — or Provincial styling, decorative colors or An­ tiqued Pine finish. 

BROW SING 1-5 P.M. Sundays 
()EORfjET(W?sf MA/VoF( 

2819 N.W. LO O P 41o at Vance Jackson 

Open Mon.-Fri. IO a.rn.-9 p.m. 
Phone 341-81o8 

Sat. IO a.m.-6 p.m. 

Potpourri 

I'a tp lv a m i 

» 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 22 1977 
I >own-to-earth Webb knows what it’s about 

He’s got clout 

Nobody expects City Council to get along on the issues. That’s good, because it hasn’t. But council members are getting pretty chummy during meetings in other ways, whether they like it or not. 
The City Council chamber was designed for nine members. Now there are l l . An expansion program is coming soon, but not soon 

Just one big happy . . . 

 enough for the many who are tired of the often-too-small chamber. 
(Counting heads on us? Two council members — Joe Webb and 
Frank Wing — were gone when Staff Photographer Jose Barrera shot this picture.) tm 
. 

COUNCILMAN HENRY CISNEROS emerging as the man who kept the peace during the big split and vote 
Thursday on the Coastal States gas settlement issue. His motion to table a move by the minority coalition that wants to go back to court instead of working tow ard a settlem en t got 
MAYOR LILA COCKRELL off the hook for the time being, lf the head counting is right, CISNEROS holds the swing vote on where the city goes from here . . . the coalition of five 
Mexican-Americans and one black is shapping up as a potent force when it holds together . . . Although he didn’t wind up as permanent mayor pro tem 
CISNEROS may control a majority on some issues. And that suits him just fine. . . 

CITY Councilman PHIL PYNDUS returned from Hawaii and told sup­ porters he wouldn’t decide whether he’ll run for Congress until after the first of next year . . . he released his supporters to back whomsoever they wish, but he hasn’t closed the door against his running . . . PHIL, by the way, was glad to get back in one piece . 
. he reports he came close to running off a cliff on the isle of M au i. . . as he put it, he came near killing him self. . . 

SAN ANTONIO’S IRENE WISCHER, a ranking Texas Republican and veep of the Independent Petroleum Assn., has made IO trips to Washington in tbp 

Power 
Players 

Hovers and shakers 

 last six months to talk to congressmen about the energy problem . . . she’s a m em ber of the National Oil Policy 
Committee of the Texas Independent 
Producers . . . 

CITY lobbyist JERRY HENCKEL thinks big, but a salary hike from his present $24,ooo to $36,ooo a year in straight salary exclusive of expenses may be thinking too big . . . after all, the city went for many years without a lobbyist at a l l.. . and aren’t the Bexar 
County legislators, senators and state representatives alike, supposed to be lobbyists of sorts for San Antonio’s and 
Bexar County’s best interests? . . . the issue of accrued sick leave pay for firemen and policemen, of course, re­ flects that is not always the case, that the legislators can veer off and take care of the interest of special groups as opposed to those of the city or county... 

AS for next y e a r’s lobbying, the 
Texas Legislature will not be in session next year . . . but JERRY has an answer to th a t. . . expand his contract to cover Washington. 

And he talked to a reporter about his reactions to the opening days of the first modern council elected by dis­ tricts. 
He talked, not only with the insight of a man who knows how to listen to people on the bus or at work, but also as a man who has been active in church and community activities and knows his district. 
Virtually the first group activity of the new council was a bus tour guided by City Manager Tom Huebner and members of the City Hall staff. 

All very interesting arid helpful. But 
Webb comments: 
“That was a tour to acquaint us and not to acquaint them. We’re going to propose one to acquaint them.” 
Webb is fully prepared to provide a show-and-tell session for the city staff when and if it comes to District 2. 

 where most of the black community lives. 

FOR STARTERS th e re ’s the problem of getting over the Southern 
Pacific Railroad yards into the dis­ trict. 
“ In District 2,” he says, "the rail­ road crossings are in very poor condi­ tion. T here are only two good e n ­ trances to the district, and there are two old bridges that should be torn down.” 
Then there’s the matter of water service. 
“ Right around mid-day,” says the black councilman, “ you can’t even flush the commode. The mains are in bad shape and, needless to say, you can’t water your grass.” 
Webb pauses reflectively and adds: 
“That’s what G. J. Sutton raised hell about some years ago. But nothing has is Rep. 
’s ’is- name 

( l o iii j u t i g n in i seel I i i nett 

 across the state . . . ART concentrates its financial guns on races it considers winnable . . . last year it donated to the campaigns of JE F F WENTWORTH, who won, and OLIVIA GARZA, who didn’t but ran a strong race . . . it also dropped a small amount on Bexar 
County Tax Assessor-Collector Repub­ lican nominee DORIS BLAKEMAN, although she wasn’t rated a probable 
Bexar County winner because she was running countywide and Republicans 

 just don’t win countywide local office in Bexar County . . . 

AMONG Bexar Countians at the fun­ draiser were County Chairman and 
Mrs 
DICK EDDLEMAN. 
J E F F 
WENTWORTH, 
DOUG 
HARLAN, 
State Rep. and Mrs. JIM NOWLIN, and Mrs. SHIRLEY GREEN . . . the fundraiser was BUSH’S first purely political outing since his return to 
Texas . . . 

THE county dads didn’t do Courth­ ouse employes a favor when they took out the coffee stand . . . there are a lot of employes who would have rather seen the dads’ own offices taken out of 
'the Courthouse . . . 
Bet they’re 

FORMER CITY COUNCILMAN AL 
ROHDE back at City Hall last week for a visit, telling all about his trip out west . . . old habits being hard to break, he made himself ut home by dictating a letter to council secretary 
ROSE RANGEL . . . also dropping by were his former colleagues CLAUDE 
BLACK and BOB BILLA, who took secretaries BARBIE HERNANDEZ and ROSALIE RIZZO to lunch . . . 

BIG SUNSHINE, a.k.a. Councilman 
GLEN HARTMAN, alm ost getting stranded in Oakville, a little stop in the road down in deep South Texas . . . his 
Torino conked out on him but with the help of his CB BIG SUNSHINE called for help and got it. “That CB paid for itself with one call,” says he . . . 

COUNCIL rules hold citizens to five 
.minutes to keep meetings from going on and on . . . but they go on and on because the rule d oesn’t apply to council members . . . beside himself with frustration last week, member 
JOHN STEEN, who likes to be brief, chided his long-talking colleagues w hen they were hearing from citizens. 
“ Tins is supposed to be the citizens to be heard portion of the agenda but it is turning into council to be heard” . . . maybe they ought to follow the rules of 
Congress and simply insert into the record all their “glowing comments” 

Around 
Tow n 

M iitch th e neivsniohers 

 and mail copies to selected consti­ tuents . . . 

THERE were a lot of angry attor­ neys, defendants, and witnesses crow­ ded into .Judge PEPPY DIAL’S cour­ troom last Monday for the call of cases in which they were to participate to learn the judge was off on military leave . . . it seems there was a break­ down in the court coordinating system, and no one was notified the judge would be off preparing for the defense of the country . . . 
THE County Court-at-Luw judges getting a $5,ooo-a-year salary hike, thanks to the largesse of Com m is­ sioners Court and the Texas Legisla­ ture . . . the legislature authorized the hike, and Commissioners Court goo- sestepped it through . . . actually, the county dads showed admirable res­ traint . . . they could have hiked the judges $1o,ooo each . . . the other $5,ooo will probably be dropped on the judges next year . . . 

NEVER UNDERESTIM ATE the 

By KEMPER DIEHL 
At last! A city councilman who rides the bus! 
And not only does Joe Webb ride the bus, but he strikes up absorbing con­ versations with fellow passengers. 
“ It’s very relaxing,” says the fresh­ man councilman from District 2 on the 
East Side, “ and you find out about a lot of things.” 
Webb is a tall, handsome man whose mustache punctuates a wide grin. He likes people, and people like him. 
That conclusion is obvious for any­ one who sees him at work as manager of HEB Store No. I at 15o9 N. Main 
Ave. 
The store serves a cosmopolitan range of customers — rich and poor; students from San Antonio College and elderly shoppers brought by minibus as part of senior citizen programs. 
One morning recently while Webb was performing administrative duties, a surprising num ber of patrons de­ toured to greet him. 

HE WATCHED a full cart of gro­ ceries while one arthritic gentleman searched out the final item on his shopping list. He smoothly solved the problem of a senior citizen who was looking for frozen fruit cobbler. 
The name 
Boh What 

TEXAS Republicans have the result of a sophisticated statewide poll which reflects that 
U.S. 
Rep. 
BOB 
KRUEGER’S name is not exactly a household word across Texas . . . 
KRUEGER, of course, is planning to take on the top Texas Republican. U. 
S. Sen. JOHN TOWER, next year . . . but then, when KRUEGER first ran for Congress in 1974 his name identifi­ cation was nil in the 21st District, but by election day enough people knew it to elect him . . . One snide Republican leader said the poll discloses that 
KRUEGER’S name is well known in the board room of Exxon. . . that’s in relationship to BOB’S persistence in pursuing legislation to deregulate gas and oil. . . 

AND Atty. Gen. JOHN HILL’S cam­ paign committee sending out cards to potential m em bers of the John Hill 
Advisory Committee . . . the mailout is paid for by the John Hill Campaign 
Fund, CHARLES MORRIS, of Austin, treasurer . . . that campaign is the one for governor, not for re-election as at­ torney general. . . 

A Bexar County Democratic Com­ mitteeman last week demanding that former State Sen. NELSON WOLFF tell him whether he was or was not running for KRUEGER’S congres­ sional seat . . . WOLFF was hard put to answer yes or no, as demanded by the questioner, because of the idiocy of the so-called reform laws which have been loosed on the land . . . he has filed a statement of candidacy . . but the law is so confusing, for now the “can­ didates” are still tyring to find out just what they can and have to d o ......... 

BUT make no mistake . . . NELSON 
. is running for Congress, and already has come out with his first position paper, a ploy used by KRUEGER in winning his 1974 race . . . WOLFF'S initial position paper is on human 
•rights . . . he’s for them . . . 

REPUBLICAN candidates on the lo­ cal level (state senator on down) were 
•the big winners in the turnout of more 
.the 5oo GOPers to hear GEORGE 
BUSH at the Associated Republicans of Texas fundraiser in Austin the other 
•p.m. .. . the tab was $135 a person, and the profits are e arm a rk ed for the campaigns next year in local races 

Boiler 
Room 

It includes their son, Joe Webb Jr., 
23, and his wife, and two younger sons, 
Daniel, 19, and Vincent, 14. 
A daughter, Linda, graduated this month from the University of Houston with a degree in psychology. The proud father passed up a trip to New York to be on hand for the ceremony. missing it already 

 power of the Bexar County Republican 
Women’s Club or President GINGER 
MARTIN in making their strength known to elected public officials of sim ilar persuasion . . . they volun­ teered to sit in as swing shift workers for Com. JE F F WENTWORTH while his secretary was on a week’s vacation 
. . . earned themselves the gratitude of the Commissioners Court office staff too by lifting the telephone answering load a little . . . 

ON AGAIN, off again: That’s Bexar 
County’s promised cooperation with the City of San Antonio in at least probing the idea of a joint approach to con stru ctin g new office . . . and possibly parking . . . space . . . Coms. 
TOM STOLHANDSKE, ALBERT BUS­ 
TAMANTE and A. J. PLOCH not at all enthusiastic . . . but they all had different excuses for stalling that co­ operation right now 
. 
. 
. or)lv 
WENTWORTH and County Judge 
BLAIR REEVES voting to go on with the promise to look into the possibility if nothing else . . . 
PARTIES: DA BILL WHITE plan­ ning a North Side meet-your-DA-and- his staff social next month . . . proba­ bly at MacArthur Park . . . to match his recent South Side gathering at a 
South Zarzamora Street party house . . 
. . it’s all part of the standard “ get- ting-to-know-you-better” approach lo­ cal politicos develop here . . . 

They were all quarterbacks 

SAN ANTONIO was well represented on the winning side of the annual le­ gislators’ football game played at UT’s 
Memorial Stadium Wednesday n ight.. 
Reps. DON CARTWRIGHT, ABE 
RIBAK and FRANK MADLA all had a big hand on the West team’s win over the East 8-to-6 on a “ Hail Mary” pass in the last 32 seconds — the margin of victory was a two-point conversion wobbler from Gatesville Rep. JERRY 
“ NUB” DONALDSON to Rep. STAN 
SCHLUETER of Belton. . . 
Describing his own role in the game afterwards, CARTWRIGHT said “ I played halfback, guard, center and tired” . . . but he was in good hands with official team mortician Rep. AL 
BROWN on the sidelines. . . 
RIBAK and 
MADLA played full time, alternating in the defensive and offensive backfields due mostly to the fact the West team only had 14 players all night. . . 
Council m em b ers 
HELEN 
DUTMER, JO E WEBB and BER 
NARDO EURESTE joined the mayor in the receiving line to shake hands with the more than 1,6oo guests San 
Antonio hosted with tam ales and cerveza on the shores of Lake Austin last Monday. . . 

JERRY HENCKLE, San Antonio li­ aison man to the legislature, put in a few very worried minutes early in the evening as guests started pouring into 
Fiesta Gardens right at the 6 p.m. starting time . . . turned out everything was there but the tamales and the beer . . . they showed up late . . . the 

At The 
Capitol 

Lust ave/, in i u se a 

 tamales ran out fairly early but the beer-a-plenty salved any wounds if it did nothing for some heads the next day. . . 
RON BIRD, San Antonio’s interna­ tional state representative, did quite a number on the dance floor . . . the mariachis were doing their thing in the finest tradition, while BIRD did his dance — a sort of combination Italian, 
Greek. Mexican hat dance. 
SID COCKRELL accompanied her honor, while FRANCES WEBB and 
MAGGIE EURESTE joined their new councilman husbands in the receiving line . . . 
THE SPACIOUS and leisurely fur­ nished offices of our state senators at times provide convenient cubby holes for special interest lobbyists to direct their own affairs . . . for example, on normal legislative day it’s not unusual to spot as many as three lobbyists at a time utilizing the taxpaver-paid office of Sen. FRANK LOMBARDINO . . . one policeman’s lobbyist might be re­ clining in LOMBARDINO^ own chair making calls over the senator’s phone . 
. . another might be using the phone and desk belonging to LOMBARDIN- 
O’S administrative aide . . . almost regular LOMBARDINO office tenants are the legislative liaisons for the City of San Antonio and Citv Public Service, 
HENCKEL and STUART SCHOOLER . 

 happened yet.” 
The problem of getting from here to there is a tough one for Webb’s consti­ tuents, particularly those who would like to study at the University of Texas at San Antonio. 
“The average student in my district who drives there finds that it costs about $3 a day just to go back and forth,” he reports. 

WEBB WOULD like to do so­ mething about that. But he would also like to see improved bus service just for the short distance from downtown to East Side neighborhoods. 
After a late session at City Hall one recent evening, the councilman did something that comes natural to him. 
He took the bus. 
He caught an Exposition line bus at about 8 p.m. It wound around a com­ plicated route before Webb got to a point two blocks from his home at 2226 
Burnet St. 
“ I got home at 8:45 p.m.,” he says, and muses: 
“ I think the transit system leaves a lot to be desired.” 
Yet, though he emphasizes the spe­ cific problems of his neighbors, Webb realizes that paten work solutions aren’t good enough. 
“ We need long-range m aster plan­ ning, instead of putting out fires,” he says, adding: 
“ A $1oo million bond issue is hardly going to be enough. We need to think in term s of 2o to 3o years and develop plans and put someone to work on them.” 

AMONG MAJOR goals of any master plan, Webb believes, must be revitalization of the downtown area and the creation of program s which will encourage the type of industrial growth that provides “ jobs that put meals on the table.” 
It does little good to be the tenth largest city in the United States, Webb argues, “ if San Antonio is about for­ tieth when it comes down to family income.” 
Webb, who will be 42 on Aug. 18, lives in a sprawling house in a quiet neighborhood. Ile and his wife, 
Frances, who works as a clerk typist at 
Kelly AFB, preside over an extended household. 

C O U N CILM A N Joe W ebb even rides the bus 

Webb was born in San Antonio, but moved to Beeville when he was 6, and grew up there. 

HE WAS GRADUATED from high school in 1952 and married his high school sweetheart a year later. He worked in Beeville as a fry cook before returning to San Antonio in 1955. 
For a time he cooked at the old Lo- soya Cafe on Losoya Street (now S. 
Broadwav), and then went to work for the YMCA in 1957. 
While engaged in public relations programs there, he worked his way through three years of college studies at San Antonio College and St. Mary’s 
University. 
At about that time an HEB super­ visor who was impressed by his work talked him into changing hi goals. 

“ He had been talking to me for about two years,” says Webb. “ I began to realize that I needed a better job to help my children who were reaching 

 college age.” 
So in June, 1969, he went into the chain’s managerial program, and soon became manager of Store No. 7, at 41o 
N. New Braunfels Ave. 
Webb remained at the East Side su­ permarket for five years. Then he took over management of Store No. 26 at 
McMullen and W. Commerce St. for two and a half years, leaving to go to his present post in January. 
“ It’s been a broad experience,” says 
Webb, “ and it has given me an idea of the problems of the whole city.” 
In his work the new councilman has had no troubles with communication with people. He has spoken Spanish since he was growing up in Beeville. 
Some observers have speculated that the black councilman might prove to be a bridge between North Side Anglo council members and Mexican Ameri­ can representatives. Such a role would come naturally. 
“ I find,” he says, “ that there are no real barriers between people.” 

'Neighbor, how long has it been since you had a big, thick, steaming bowl of good old 
WOLF BRAND CHILI? 
(Well, that's too long!) 

N ew 
York 
C ity ’ s 
Taino 
Towers, above, a $45 m il­ lion project, stand empty but 9o per cent complete, as it has been for nearly a year. The elabor­ ate project amid squalid slums b e ­ came a n e ig h b o r­ hood sore p o i n t . 
The brick-and-cinder block structures in 
H a rtfo rd ’ s Charter 
Oaks Terrace, left, 
“ a re n 't fit for a dog,’ ’ according to one unhappy resi­ dent o f the HUD project 
AP PHOTOS 

It’s HUD, 

Hail to the traditional Lone Star State symbols such as the Bluebonnet and Mockingbird, now joined by the Distinctive Dish that was invented in Texas and has spread joy throughout the World. 

And the Favorite Chili of Texans is 
WOLF BRAND! 

As the original “Bowl of Red”, Wolf Brand has continued the cowboy ranch cook’s tradition, using big chunks of selected beef cuts and a thick gravy seasoned by a secret blend of seven different spices, unchanged since 1895. He-man chili, spicy, but not too hot. 

 but 

 they call it dud 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON — During a recent critique of the Depart­ ment of Housing and Urban De­ velopment, aides to Sen. Wil­ liam Proxmire, who keeps tabs on housing policies, ticked off a litany of HUD’s biggest prob­ lems 

Among other things, they cited speculator fraud and bureaucratic in­ competence. HUD’s ignom inious ranking as the nation’s No. I slumlord. 
Sleeping at the switch when New York 
City flirted with bankruptcy. 
When the discussion focused on the ag ency’s dism al 197os record in stimulating home building, an exas­ perated Proxmire said, “ Sometimes we refer to HUD as the Department of 
No Housing ... and, among ourselves, we just call it DUD.“ 
Whether eyed from the marble halls of Congress or the rat-infested slums of urban America, HUD, born 12 years ago, is widely regarded as a multi-bil­ lion dollar study in federal failure. 

While the department can hardly be blamed for all of the nation’s housing and urban woes, it has failed to meet its basic goals: To provide decent housing for the urban poor, to stim ulate the troubled housing in­ dustry by making home ow nership available to middle-income families, or to help revitalize the nation’s many troubled cities. 

One Wall Street analyst who moni­ tors the m arketing of HUD-related securities describes the agency priva­ tely as a “ rat’s nest.” Other financial analysts concur, citing as an example the department’s “ attempts to apply rules across the board, as though a public housing project that works in 
North Carolina would work the same way in Harlem.” 

EVEN THE ONE HUD success story cited by past and present officials — disaster relief programs — was enmeshed in scandal following ef­ forts to aid flood-stricken Pennsylvan­ ia in 1972. 
HUD Secretary P a tric ia H a rris, brought in by P resid ent C arter to tackle the department’s mountainous problems, concedes a turnaround is some distance away. But, she says, 
“ We promise a genuine commitment to the cities, and we promise innova­ tions. Give us a little time and come back. UTI be the best HUD that money can buy.” 
What she took over, Mrs. H arris says, was “a starved agency,” and she blames it on eight years of Republican neglect. Starved or not, HUD budgets increased during the N ixon-Ford years. Outlays dropped from $2.2 bil­ lion in Lyndon Johnson’s last year, 
1968, to $1.54 billion in 1969, Nixon’s first, then began a fairly steady climb 

A s a s lu m lo r d , H U D has no rival' 

 to the proposed 1978 level of $8.9 bil­ lion. 
Mrs. Harris’ Republican predeces­ sors diagnose HUD’s troubles differ­ ently. 
Jam es Lynn, as R ichard N ixon’s second HUD secretary, dismantled a lot of HUD programs and installed some new ones. “The White House felt strongly and sincerely that HUD pro­ grams were a disaster, so they turned off the money,” he says. Among the programs killed were urban renewal. 
Model Cities, and the main housing subsidy plans. Most experts agreed that none of them was working very well. 
“ With perfect h in d s ig h t,’’ Lynn says, the 1973 moratorium — when the administration virtually stopped all federally subsidized housing efforts — could have been handled more delica­ tely, but he defends the intent of the moratorium. “We got Congress’ atten­ tion. It took them a y ear and IO months, but they gave us new laws.” 

THE NEW laws stress rent sub­ sidy programs in housing and less fe­ deral involvement in the cities’ spend­ ing of urban aid money. The programs are currently enmeshed in difficulties of their own. 
“ Growing pains,” says Lynn. He notes that the programs were started 

Is H U D a m u lti-b il- lio n -d o lla r stu d y in f e ­ dora I f ti ilu re? 

 at the worst possible time, during the 
1974-75 recession under the Ford ad­ ministration. 
Robert Embry, a Baltimore official before he took over the Community 
Development Section at HUD in 
March, says a turnaround for the department depends on more money for programs like public housing and urban aid, on a “ feeling for city needs” by agency bureaucrats, and firmer direction from above. 
HUD’s long-standing difficulties present a headache for the Carter ad­ ministration, committed to providing more housing opportunities and more money for troubled cities. For millions of Americans affected by one HUD program or another, its failures hit close to home. 
For Detroit residents, there are the gruesom e “ HUD neig hborhoods,” rows of tree-lined city blocks with boarded-up, abandoned homes fore­ closed by the agency during scandals early in this decade. 
In San Francisco, urban renewal tore the heart out of the city’s Mission 
District, wrecking neighborhoods and displacing thousands of residents for a convention center that has yet to be built. 

ACROSS THE BAY U rban 
Renewal — a program that was killed in 1973 — leveled the business district of Richmond, Calif., so it could be de­ veloped as a m odern com m ercial center. But it hasn’t been rebuilt. 
For the 4,5oo residents of Charter 
Oaks Terrace in Hartford, Conn., HUD cutbacks in public housing m eans, 
“ living in a place not fit for a dog,” says one tenant. 
Several miles from Charter Oaks is 
HUD’s new area h e a d q u a rte rs in downtown Hartford. 
The Hartford Housing A uthority deals with people and leaky roofs and trash dumpsters. At I Financial Plaza, 
HUD officials deal w ith mortgages and insurance appraisals and volumes of applications and regulations. 
“We don’t have much contact with the general public,” says Lawrence 
Thompson, who heads HUD operations in Hartford. “ Mostly, people deal with a public housing agency, or a developer, or the city.” 
HUD, with an $8 billion annual bud­ get and 15,ooo employes sca ttere d through 88 offices from coast to coast, provides “ surprisingly few direct ser­ vices,” he says. “We’re just not set up that w ay.” 

IN FACT, “ The department, more so than most other federal agencies, is' almost uniquely a financial institu­ tion,” according to a primer prepared by HUD staffers for the Carter admin­ istration. 
“ The d epartm en t m akes g ra n ts, makes direct loans, insures private loans, g u aran tees private or local public investm ents, buys and sells mortgages, m anages portfolios and subsidizes interest rates or rents.” 
HUD is the principal conveyer of aid to urban America through its $3.2 bil­ lion Community Development p ro ­ gram. The agency also sells flood and urban riot insurance. 
Because HUD’s responsibility covers such a range of complex social and financial matters, Carter administra­ tion officials say ifs easy to see why the agency now seems crippled. 
“ If you look at w hat happened to us during the Nixon-Ford ad m in istra ­ tions,” says Mrs. Harris, “you’ll see something that looks like a calculated effort to return this agency to zero.” 
Says former HUD boss Lynn: “ I’m looked upon as something of a bad guy by some people al HUD ... I never tried to dismantle HUD. I had enough to do to set up new p rogram s” like rent subsidies and block grants to cities. 

THESE PROGRAMS, however, have been slow to get off the ground. 
T h a t’s m ostly because of sta rtu p problems but also, critics say, because 
HUD workers in the field seemed to sense little com m itm ent from W a­ shington. 
Embry, now overseeing Community 
Development, says HUD em ployes have shown “ little willingness to take a risk” on innovative urban programs. 

“ There’s been a seeming fear that they’d be chastized if they were caught moving some project faster than the bosses wanted. Under the c irc u m ­ stances, I can’t blame our staff for our failures.” 
The range of HUD’s acknowledged difficulties is sweeping. 
As a slumlord, HUD has no rival. 
“Dub No. I problem is the foreclo­ sures,” says Embry 

The agency has foreclosed on hundreds of thousands of mortgages in the past decade, often due to ineptitude or corruption among its own appraisal staff. 
The agency now owns 71,o82 homes or apartm ents and holds the m o rt­ gages on 273,oo2 others. 

ALOT of taxpayer dollars are tied up in HUD’s .andlord activities. It costs Uncle Sam $11 million a month to maintain the holdings. On top of that, 
HUD has $4.3 billion in mortgage lia­ bility and an investment of $918 million for foreclosing on the dwellings it now owns. 
The agency is still recovering from a series of foreclosure scandals that rocked HUD field offices earlier in this decade. 
Robert Elliott, HUD counsel under fumier Secretary Carla Hills, recalls that in Detroit “ the U.S. attorney had a habit of coming in and arresting peo­ ple at their desk. 
“ The supervisor would complain, 
‘We’re trying to run an office here,’ but the prosecutors thought corruption was so bad that handcuffing people on the job was the only way co-workers would get the message.” 

HUD owns 6,ooo homes in Detroit alone, a travesty, that deflates local real estate values and creates huge, blighted neighborhoods. Several years ago the inventory stood at 15,ooo, but a crash program has been so successful that HUD now sells more houses in 
Detroit than it forecloses. 
The racket that destroyed dozens of neighborhoods in 
P h ila d e lp h ia , 
Chicago, and Detroit was simple. A speculator would buy an aging house for a song, say $4,ooo, dress it up with 
$1,ooo in cosmetic repairs, then bribe a 
HUD inspector to win a high Federal 
Housing Adm inistration ap p ra isa l. 
The home then would be sold for per­ haps $14,ooo to an unsophisticated buyer with the assurance, “ that’s what the government says ifs worth.” 

WHEN THE house fell apart be- 

W A S H D A Y a t th e H U D -o p e r a te d C h a rte r O aks T e rrac e in H a rtfo rd , Conn. m e a n s a ta n g le d th ic ke t o f w e t u n d e rw e a r 
AP PH O IG 

 cause of more fundamental defects, the low-ineome family who bought it had to choose between costly repairs and meeting mortgage payments. The frequent result was HUD foreclosure. 
If HUD had trouble with its used housing stock, its efforts in providing new housing fell almost equally short. 
Subsidized housing efforts w ere stopped almost dead in their tracks by the Nixon a d m in istra tio n ’s 1973-74 federal housing moratorium. Though the 1o-year plan calls for 6oo,ooo units to be built each year, only 71,ooo went up in 1976. 

Hartford Councilman Nick Carbone figures his city alone needs another 
15,ooo public housing units to provide adequate shelter for its poor. “ What we’re getting is nothing.” 
Carbone is “ right on both counts,” concedes Hartford HUD staffer Lou 
Wallace. 
Within weeks of taking over in Jan ­ uary, Mrs. Harris submitted a budget proposal asking greater public housing subsidies. 
Nine years ago, Congress directed 
HUD to oversee annual construction of 
2.5 million new homes to take care of 

I t 's th e ir m o n e y a n d w e're not u p p o s e d to tell them how to spen d it' 

 the nation’s growing population and replace obsolete dwellings. Lynn says such housing goals were ridiculous in the first place, but in any event HUD has never met tin* standard; last year only 1.4 million homes were built. 

ONE RESULT of supply lagging so far behind demand, says Mrs. Har­ ris, is skyrocketing home prices. 
In Froxmire’s words: “ What we’re getting is a lot of housing for rich peo­ ple.” The median price for a home built this year is $44.6(16. Only 27 per cent of the nation’s families can afford the price tag. 
HUD says four out of every 16 
American households, 28 million in all, would be eligible for rent subsidies based on their incomes. H owever, 
Congress has authorized aid for only a fraction of these renters, and HUD’s most recent count showed subsidies going to 92,o15 households. 
Providing a rent subsidy to everyone eligible would pack a w allop the federal budget could ill afford: The bill, based on an average annual sub­ sidy of $2,765 for a newly constructed apartment, and $1,34o for an existing unit, would run to about $56 billion a year, IO times the cost of the govern­ ment’s chief anti-hunger weapon, the food stamp program. 
A General Accounting Office audit says HUD promised Congress there would be 96,6o6 to 146,o66 new Section 8 construction starts by last June, but only 2o,8oo were actually recorded. 
“ The tim e has come to m ak e a major effort to stop the pain, the suf­ fering, the humiliation and indignity caused by poverty housing conditions in America,” says Mrs. Harris. She told Congress that there are 13 million 
“ housing deprived” Americans. 

A re|M*rt by the New England HUD office in Boston concludes that “ for the 
53 metropolitan cities in our region, funds will be reduced to one-third of their current levels” in 198o unless (lie formula is revised. 
“ I don’t know for sure who the win­ ners are, but I know we’ve got the losers,” says Thompson in hartford 
Mrs. Harris is proposing a new for­ mula designed to reduce the inequi­ ties. 
In many cities, “ We have a problem that the money is misdirected away from the poorer areas," says Embry. 
The program sends money lo the ci­ ties with few strings attached, and local officials decide how to spend it. 
Much less paperwork is involved than under prog ram s which earm ark ed money to specific areas. 
The old HUD programs, including 
Model Cities and urban renewal, gen­ erally put money into low-ineom e neighborhoods. Under the block grant approach, less aid is going to the poor. 

MARY ELLEN M organ, Com ­ munity Development supervisor for 
HUD in Hartford, says some cities re­ veal a troubling lack of planning in their requests. “ Fire stations are a great favorite, but these cities can’t all need fire stations,” she notes. 

“ Sometimes we scratch our heads and ask, ‘What do you expect to achieve?’ ” says HUD analyst Harry 
Reese. “ But it’s their money and we’re not supposed to tell them how to spend it.” 
Ms. Morgan adds: “ I’d hate to get back into the business of read in g blueprints and setting boundaries, but it’s clear that cities need to develop overall strategies. We have to be car­ eful the program isn’t becoming some sort of p o rkb arrel for local poli­ ticians." 
“ If nothing works over at HUD,” says one mayor, “you’ve got to look beyond the agency and over to the big 
White 
House. 
It seems like the department has always been on the back burner.” 

By Official 
Legislative Resolution 
CHILI 
Has Been Declared 
The State Food of Texas! 

( 

May 22 1977 

THh M \L)A\ 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

Jam es P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O. Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 

Time to move on gas plan 

It’s time to fish or cut bait. 
A proposal to se ttle the 
Coastal States Gas Corp. con­ tract dispute remains in sus­ pense while a few customers ponder what to do. There are some who say they want Coas­ tal’s chief, Oscar Wyatt, ground into bankruptcy and nearly all concerned are emotionally tilted in that direction. 
But it is tim e to m ove the dispute toward resolution for the benefit of the South Texans who use C oastal’s gas system for their own benefit. 
If the pending proposal isn’t good en­ ough, what is? 
Som e of the settlem en t offer’s toughest critics concede that the proposal equals, at least, the probable benefits that could be distributed under bankruptcy. 
There is one point that could be cleared up if customers agree to the settlement proposal and that is Coastal’s commitment to the terms. Coastal’s President 
Harry B lom quist has said he would seek his board’s approval of the plan if customers agree. 
If it’s a bluff, we should know it. 
But we think it isn’t enough just oppose a settlem ent. Re­ sponsible opposition should out­ line how litigation will produce better results for customers. 
It is just a little more than a 
South Africa yields to Carter pressure 

U nprecedented and direct pressure from President Carter upon the government of South 
Africa has produced a conces­ sion by P rim e M inister John 
Vorster to agree to free elections in Southwest Africa — Namibia. 
Namibia is a former German colony put under South Africa’s protection by a League of Na­ tions mandate. Current dispute centers on claim by South Afri­ ca that "the United Nations has authority to resolve the League’s mandate. 

South A fricans say that if they had only IO per cent blacks in their population they would have settled the matter years ago. The IO per cent figure is a reference to the U. S. So they don’t take too kindly to Ameri­ cans tellin g them what they ought to be doing. And if the IO per cent figure doesn’t register, they will tell how A m ericans decimated the Indian population instead of letting them settle down as the blacks did in South 
Africa. 
So President Carter’s threat to use “ strong diplom atic ac­ tion” against the Vorster gov­ ernment'will stir resentment in 

Pretoria, to be sure. It is inter­ esting to note, how ever, that criticism of government racial p o licies in South Africa is stronger in Cape Town, J o ­ hannesburg, Pretoria and other c ities than it is even in Wa­ shington. 
Vorster knows that if race wars break out, blood will run in the streets. His concession on 
Namibia may foreshadow an ef­ fort to move toward citizenship rights for the majority popula­ tion in South Africa. There are capable black leaders there who would help make the transition a tolerable thing, even as America has done during the past two decades. 
The thing we find unsettling in the Carter approach to South 
Africa is that he hasn’t tried it where conditions are compara­ ble or worse. Uganda, for ex­ ample. 
South Africa should give her black population rights afforded to the whites, like access to jobs, the right to move and to live where they wish, and to improve their lot in life. The cultural gap is broad but it isn ’t universal and much progress is capable of being made. 

SE 
\ 

 year before Coastal may reclaim full control over Lo-Vaca Gath­ ering Co., the gas supply subsi­ diary. The courts could extend the order, we su p p ose, but term s of the semi-bankruptcy allow Coastal to recover that system in five years or when the system is able to meet substan­ tially all its co m m itm en ts to customers. 
W e’d rather see Lo-Vaca spun off, along with other pro­ perties that would help make it a viable operation. The court and the Railroad Com m ission should im m ed ia tely revise term s of the $2.5 m illion per month cash payment to Lo-Vaca to let those funds be used for any legitim a te business purpose. 
Lo-Vaca needs money to acquire gas storage, for exam ple, but restrictions on the money won’t allow that. 
Coastal’s custom ers should review their positions candidly and soon. San Antonio appears to have the stron gest suit against Coastal. T hose with claims that parallel the unsuc­ cessful ones of Lower Colorado 
River Authority should review their position with particular care. 
But it is d a m a g in g to all concerned to let the matter drag without a constructive and ag­ gressive option to the pending proposal. 

 l f 

I!1 I 

 iiI \ 
‘/ > r / 
' P j r 
?y-/ 
I 
% 
I 

I 
'■ 

I 
\ 
! 
I i 

^ MKP 

M oney is power in the County Courthouse 

The lowest common denomin­ ator at Bexar County Courthouse is money: Who supplies it and how it’s spent. 

In the rush for that money, all roads lead to Commissioners Court. The tax­ payers may provide it, but that five- man caretaker body dispenses it. 

The money scene resemblt»s a cut­ rate drugstore: With a long reach or the right prescription, you can fill your needs. 

Commissioners Court, by virtue of state law, has to approve expenses for alm ost every unit of county govern­ ment. It stam ps approval of everyth­ ing from salary increases or the cost of tearin g out a wall to new shelves, paper clips and ballpoint pens. 

Com m issioners Court m ay not be able to tell Bist. Atty. Bill White how to run his office outright. But it certainly can affect his organization when he comes to it — routinely through a top aide — with personnel changes and administrative switches that incorpor­ ate pay hikes. 

IT REJECTS or accepts the pay proposals or the staff expansion plan and that action colors the effective operation of the office. 

Commissioners Court holds the same econom ic sword over operations in 
District Clerk Elton Cude’s area and in the units run by County Clerk Bob 
Green. 

Deborah 
Weser 

Courthouse 

Only the district judges are slightly exempt — and with them several of­ fices over which they exert control. 
These include the county auditor, adult and juvenile probation officers, dis­ trict court coordinators and court re­ porters. 

“They can tell us who to pay and how much to pay,” County Judge B lair 
Reeves observed the other day. As if to make that point, 186th Bist. Judge 
Jam es E. Barlow marched in with a well-documented plea for pay changes affecting several staffers in the central 
.jury room operation. 

C om m issioners Court d id n ’t turn him down, either. But Barlow did what others at the courthouse frequently fail to do. He went to see County Auditor 
Oliver Lewis first. Lewis was able to show him how to work out the pay hikes ap p ro p ria te ly w ithin the framework of existing county person­ nel rules. 

MOST OF the sm aller units of county government do come for help before they m ake a pay hike move, 
Lewis explained recently. The larger ones create problem s for themselves 

 frequently by simply overlooking that step, he added. 

That’s the other common denomina­ tor at Bexar County Courthouse: frag­ mentation. 

Every departm ent operates in its own sphere, almost oblivious to shared problems or concerns of its neighbors. 

Let’s look at a simple case in point: 

A U. S. Postal Service consultant suggested not too long ago that the 
Courthouse crowd could probably save a bit of money by consolidating its present mail system. 

RIGHT NOW, every office sends and receives its own mail, buys its own stam ps or, in many cases, operates its own meter. 

The consultant proposed a central mail room with personnel handling m ail for the whole building. You wouldn’t even have to hire extra peo­ ple. just shift some who deal with mail now, he told Commissioners Court. 

The savings — at first blush, he said 
— could come to as much as $3o,ooo a year. That’s not something to sneeze at, even though the county’s budget is about $48 million this year, road funds included. 
With costs expected to continue ris­ ing, a touch of efficiency could hold the line, but change seems to come hard at th Courthouse. 
It will be in te re stin g to see if a change which could save money will come about. 

‘fiRST TWE6o5D NEWS ...MSN YOU WERE A BW YOUR WOE m<W P. SET UP A J M T RIND 
S r Your retirement yekrj the m> newt is 
S to jsim sebas to have spent it all.' 

Briscoe breaks ground for. . . Republicans 

No doubt about it. Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe is downright unhappy over the way things are going with the Carter administration. 

And when the guv is unhappy over such m atters, Texas Republicans find themselves getting euphoric. 
V isiting San Antonio last week, 
Briscoe expertly dissected the Carter energy plan, branded it a th reat to 
Texas and produced photocopies of the 
President’s pre-election pledge to work to deregulate new natural gas. 
Briscoe made it clear he considered that pledge —- contained in a personal letter of Oct. 19 — to have been badly fractured, if not broken. 
Coming from a man who flew Rosa- lynn Carter around the state last fall in his personal plane, the words were harsh. f 
All this is m usic to the ears of Re­ publicans who feel that the governor has done a good job of breaking trail for them to start their own slashing at the Carter record. 
They are about to do just that. 

Kemper 
Dieh! 

TvJ, ; v\ 

* x 
WL 
I* 
V 
M 
I m m 

Polities 

UNDER THE guidance of State 
GOP Chairman Ray Hutchison, party pollsters have just completed a most elab o rate pu lse-feelin g of Texas voters. 
Properly evaluated, such polls can produce winning campaigns. 
That’s how the GOP pinpointed the issues which won the party’s conser­ vative candidate an upset victory last week over a liberal D em ocrat in a special congressional election in Seat­ tle. 
Within the next few weeks Texas 
Republicans will start staking out the key issues for 1978. 
______ _ 

It’s expected the blast-off will come on June 17 when none other than John 
Connally will give his “ overview” of the “ first 148 days” of the Carter pre­ sidency at a m am m oth fund-raising dinner in Dallas. 
Hutchison confidently expects the affair to draw more than 1,ooo contri­ butors at $125 a plate. 

SAN ANTONIO Republicans can catch an inexpensive preview when 
Hutchison comes here May 31 to speak to the Republican Men’s Club. 
The GOP chairm an, of course, will deplore the Carter energy plan. 
But he can also be expected to strum two themes of special local interest — national defense and the appointment of Mexican-Americans to top federal posts. 
Hutchison points to Carter’s plan to end production of the A7E Navy attack plane. “ That means that 8,7oo Dallas area employes of LTV will be out of jobs,” he asserts and warns, “ Carter is going to do the same thing to San An­ tonio.” 
H utchison’s m essage to M exican- 

Americans is that they are “still being taken for granted” by the Democratic administration. 

“ FVE HAD IT researched,” he says, going on to report that only five 
Mexican-Americans held “ notable po­ sitions” with the Johnson Administra­ tion, but that the Ford Administration raised this total to 76. 
“ With Carter, so far, it’s just l l ,” the GOP chieftain contends. 
If Hutchison sounds confident when he talks issues, ifs because he knows that Republicans can win in Texas. 
As a former GOP leader in the Texas 
House, he enjoyed watching his party gain a seat last year, while losing the presidential vote. 
Now he has set a goal pf raising the present House m em bership of 18 Re­ publicans to 35 or 4o by 1981. 
That will give the GOF “ leverage” when the next congressional and le­ gislative redistricting takes place. 

HUTCHISON THINKS part of that gain can come in Bexar County. 

One Republican who agrees is Doug 
Harlan. 
Back home from a top-level job with the Ford adm inistration, he is now chairm an of the Bexar party’s team of candidate recruiters. 
Harlan feels there is enough ferment among local Dem ocratic representa­ tives who are eyeing higher-level races to give the GOP a chance to add se­ veral districts to State Rep. Jim Now­ lin’s safe bailiwick. 
There’s a chance, for example, that 
State Rep. Al Brown Jr. may vacate the district he captured from Republi­ cans four years ago. And Harlan feels 
.the GOP may be able to score in at 
.least two other districts. 
“We could wind up with two, three or four seats,” he says confidently. 

NOTE: In discussing bargaining of 
City Hall unions last week, we indicat­ ed the firefighters had joined police in demanding return of the controversial accrued sick leave policy. This is not the case. It should be added that early negotiations last week proved profes­ sional and devoid of acrimony. 

Nixon’s recovery confounds, comforts 

WASHINGTON - The R i­ chard Nixon who has risen from his San Clemente tomb after three years is not a reed by the storm but the same dogged fighter, battered but ringwise, rolling with the blows as of old, skipping in and out on legs so­ metimes awkward but still ser­ viceable, landing an occasional kidney punch that looks almost accidental, and com in g on strong in the late rounds out of combative endurance. 
It is a perform ance gratifying to those concerned about his health, but filled with ominous portency for the legion that ever keeps guard over Nixon’s tomb for fear of yet a 
Third Coming. His color is roseate, his m ind selectively agile. On the day ( ■” *** after the first tele- 
— cast, he played 36 holes of golf. Clear­ ly, Nixon has come a long way back. 
His re-emergence needs to be placed i in context. We have questioned inti- * m ates who have had access to him during his seclusion. He entered an* exile which is often called self-imposed but which was, in fact, the only possi­ bility for one to whom the scene of every trium ph had turned to w orm ­ wood, one who bore the visible skeleton of an unparalleled majesty and public trust defaced by crim es, universally known. 
When the exile began, the intimates tell us that Nixon was on the edge of disintegration. One source described him as “ totally weary, terribly de­ pressed and completely despondent.” 
Another was struck by his “ stark loneliness ... Nixon was absolutely alone within him self.” 
To sleep, he had to take Seconal. His conversations sometimes wandered off into incoherence. He was unable, we are told, to utter the name of the spe­ cial prosecutor, Leon Jaworski. Aides considered his internal balance so de­ licate that they would take visitors aside an caution them not to mention 
Watergate. 

ONLY 
N IX O N 
H IM S E L F could measure the depth of the pit into which he had fallen; for only a presi­ dent can appreciate the inseparability of his presidential and personal fates. 
If his presidency goes sour, he is not permitted the blessed neglect accorded to obscure failures or the disgrace that is at length forgotten. 
And so for a time, the recluse of San 
Clemente would sit staring blankly at the sea, lost in a blackness in which there shone not a sta r of hope. But though frayed, he held together, never quite surrendering the control of his faculties. At first, he could not articu­ late his despair. Then he turned to his wife and began to pour it out — his moods, his fears, his anguish. Our sources believe it was this that saved him. “ If it hadn’t been for P at,” said one friend, “ Dick would not have sur­ vived. Her presen ce pulled him through.” 

AS HE INCHED out of his shell, J he turned to a retirem ent project con- ceived in happier days. He had planned a C hurchillian re tire m e n t as the world’s senior statesm an sought after for advice, surrounded by the relics and papers of his presidency and,; more important, the tapes exclusively his from which he could write a history such as never before had been possi­ ble. 
Seeking out the recollections of those ex-aides to whom he could still turn, he began to conduct interview s which drew him out further. He was once more a man with a purpose, arm ed again with his long yellow pads. 
Now he constructed those all-impor­ tant rationalizations, the little facelifts that were indispensable if he was again to navigate the outside world. He found he could face his fall by treating it as a political debacle, no different from the scrapes that Harry Truman and John Kennedy and Lyndon John­ son had covered up, except that he had the ill luck and the poor judgment to get caught. 
Viewed in this light, his downfall was testimony to his inner innocence am idst the stupidity of his aides, the venom of his enemies. He put particu­ lar blame, according to intimates, on 
John Mitchell and John Ehrlichm an 
’whom he called “ those crooked 
SOBs.” 

IS IT POSSIBLE th at he be- lieves him self innocent^ despite the, tapes? The victim rather than the perpetrator? Our sources say that he does believe it, that he must believe it for the sake of his psychological sur­ vival. 
He has always had a knack for im­ proving on reality. A quarter-century ago in his celebrated Checkers speech, he could not resist reaching out for the 
Irish vote by saying that his wife was called Pat because she was born on St 
Patrick’s Day, March 17; only a boor would spoil that story by pointing out that her real birthday was March 16. 
Likewise, the most touching portions of the first David F rost interview s benefited from improving on the facts. 
John Ehrlichm an insists that, at his 
Camp David dismissal, Nixon had been crying all right but for Nixon, not 
Ehrlichman. 
The old performer is once more upon the boards, grinding out the organ music with a heavy foot on the pedal. 
There is a fascination with him that drew 4o to 5o^ m illion view ers to a makeshift network. For audacity con­ founds us; h isjn d estructibility com* 
..forts our fear of decay. 

MI 
! 

LETTERS 

’ 
Mi 
I.................._ - 
-■-■ ■— - 
- 
-T)1 jg g g ---------------I 
Let’s check it out 

Sir: The loss of three m ajor conventions to the city of San Antonio may have its roots in more than the building of more hotels in the downtown area although that is a significant factor. However m ajor conventions are booked several years in advance of their actual arrival in a city, so that knowledge of the hotel situation in San Antonio was well known to the heads of these conventions when they were booked in the first place. 
Which leads us to believe that there may be more significant reasons why the city is losing these conventions which are a vital source of revenue to the city and cost the taxpayer nothing. A serious look at the overall city situation in general and the convention operation in particular needs to be 
, taken before we are faced with a dwindling of bookings. 

Adam Freeman 
Tell the lawmakers 

Sir: Congratulations to David McLemore for his article, “ Sniff! S.A. kids do it and they die,” (Express-News, May 15) to your newspaper for front page coverage of the findings of a high school research project, and most emphatically to Mr. Tony Wedig and his Robert E. Lee students for their responsible civic efforts. 
Mr. Wedig’s innovative teaching and his concerned students’ pur­ suance of the sniffing problem de­ serve recognition, praise and sup­ port. I, for one, will contact my legislator and urge his support of 
Rep. Bob V ale’s bill req u irin g m anufacturers to add oil of m ustard to toxic substances. Hopefully other readers will do the same and our legislators will heed the request and the diligent work of the Robert E. 
Lee students and their teacher will be rewarded with positive progress with the sniffing problem. 

Janet Alyn 

Y ou m ight say he’s fuming 

Sir: We now have a law that places a fine on one smoking on the bus but unless enforced it could lose its impact. Far too many look on this as a curb to their personal liberty. Since it went into effect I have seen three smoking on the bus. and one bus driver who surreptitiously took quite a few puffs. 
The remedy for this would be to m ake it m andatory for the bus driver to take the name and address of offender, and two witnesses, and actually prosecute the case by as­ sessing a fine. 
Oddly enough we make it hard on the marijuana smoker, but tobacco, which does as much harm or more to the body, we ignore, or tolerate. 
A contem porary M atthew has written a new version of the mote and beam story which is — 
Why do you see the reefer that is in your brother’s mouth, but do not 
•notice the cigaret that is in your own mouth? Or how can you say to your brother, “Take that weed out of your m outh!” when there is a more dangerous weed in your own mouth? You hypocrite, first take the cigaret out of your own mouth, 
/and then you can see clearly (no smoke in your eyes!) to take the reefer out of your brother’s mouth! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— -Sunday May 22 I 977 

Arthur Brient 

Kick them out 

Sir: It is ironic that President 
C arter’s hum an rights program does not include the unborn of our own country. 
A doctor’s Hippocratic oath pre­ vents him from executing a con­ victed killer, yet he is perm itted by the highest court in our land to term inate pregnancies in the oper­ ating room. 
The judges or m agistrates who knowingly release known burglars, rapists, and other crim inals to con­ tinue their lives of crim e should be removed from the bench and possi­ b ly disbarred. The public should 
-insist on it. 

Adeline Kuntz 

Privileges and perks 

Sir: I am glad you are running the a rticles on our “ Im p erial Con­ gress.” You render a public ser­ vice. 
The American people know only too vaguely the excesses of privilege and perquisites assum ed by our members of Congress; the people should have these spelled out for them until corrective m easures are taken. But I am not too hopeful. 
No representative or senator has appeared on the scene to vigorously pursue this m atter, certainly not 
Rep. Krueger or Sens. Tower or 
Bentsen; and perhaps if one were to try, he would be quickly and over­ whelmingly clobbered by his col­ leagues. 
Our im p e ria l 
“ d em ocracy seems reminiscent of France of 
Louis XIV, XV and XVI, and the famous phrase attributed to Louis 
XV: “ Apres nous Ie deluge.” 

C.Y. Hirshfield 

Dear Joe C. 

Sir: An open letter to Insurance 
Commission Chairman Joe Christie: 
This is in regards to an article I read about an increase in car insur­ ance rates, possibly this summer. 
I have my properties and cars insured with the sam e casualty com pany. Not too long ago my property insurance went up. Last year there were two raises granted on car insurance. 
This company has raised 3-for-2 dividends substantially since 1972 and this spring voted a stock divi­ dend. U sually when com panies raise their dividends and split their common stock they are in good financial condition as the stock splits call for more common share, thus more dividend money. 
I have also noticed that several of the kingpins with large invest­ ments in Texas have also raised their dividends recently. 
I don’t think the raise is in order and rates should be reduced in­ stead. 
I will not sign this letter as my last letter in regards to the energy problem caused me to have to answer my telephone as late as 3 a.m. for several days. 
Would you agree? Ifs not a FREE country anymore. 

A.J.lft. 

Sing it, J. C. 

Sir: Apropros of the bold and unwarranted demands of the Viet­ namese for reparations from our' co u n try , I would like to see good-natured Jim m y C arter turn one of his happy, warm -hearted, toothy sm iles on the Hanoi bandits and croon this old song, in jocular 
(though meaningful) style: “ I can’t give anything but love, baby.” 
Follow ing this, Billy G raham could give an invocation, “ Lord, Let it be — so let it be.” 
And, concluding, all Americans could c h e e r h e a rtily , “ A m en, 
Amen.” 
This fun ceremony might suggest a new type of “ day-taunt.” 

Mrs. Ruth Bingamas Smith 
’Go get 'em, Henry’ 

Sir: So now we know who is holding up the finalization of the Coastal 
States settlement. 
According to a statem ent by Councilman Cisneros on May 16, the city of 
Austin and Lower Colorado River Authority (LCRA) are those entities being obstinately defiant of authority; not responsive to treatm ent; resistant both to observation and to experiment in other words recalcitrant w'ith regards to the lawsuit by San Antonio against Coastal. 
Now I don’t exactly know how the citizenry of this city can come to the aid of Councilman Cisneros when it comes to handling these two “ unruly” corporations, but by golly knowing the intelligence and experience Mr. 
Cisneros has in city and federal government I’m sure he will im part some of his how-to so as to have the citizenry respond forthwith. Go get ’em 
Henry! 

Juan P. Doss 

They call it 'regulation’ 

This is how the federal 
CAB takes care o f air passengers 

W A SH IN G TO N STAR 

WASHINGTON 
- 
Ever wonder why those airline adver­ tisements in the Yellow Pages all look the same — all simple listings rather than the big dis­ plays published by other busi­ nesses looking for customers? 
Or why in an age when people can communicate with spacecraft soaring through the solar system an airline passenger can ’t m ake a phone call from an airplane in flight? 

Or why, for example, no airline has offered such inducements to customers as free messenger delivery of tickets, or a free direct telephone line to big custom ers or even travel agents? 

Or why handicapped passengers are urged to use expensive first class ser­ vice rather than the more economical coach? 

ONE BIG reason, it appears, is that each one of these activities — ad­ vertising, public telephone service from airplanes, ticket deliveries, tra­ vel agent commissions, accommodat­ ing the handicapped and even the size and shape of tickets, the wording of announcem ents at airports, the spac­ ing between words in com puterized reservations messages — is covered by agreem ents among the airlines. 

In effect, under the term s of these agreem ents, no airline is allowed to do anything different from its com peti­ tors — or, at least, if s discouraged from doing anything different. 

In nearly any other industry, such agreem ents would be considered con­ spiracies in restrain t of trade, and would have a pack of Justice Depart­ ment antitrust lawyers trying to send the signatories to jail. 

In the airline in d u stry , however, they are seen as facilitating the pub­ lic’s use of the airlines and are given the blessing of a beneficent Civil Aer­ onautics Board. 

Although these agreem ents have ex­ isted for y ears — m ore than 2oo agreem ents are compiled in the Air 
T raffic C onference T rad e P ractice 
Manual — they have not been general­ ly known outside the trade. 

For the most part, they have been routinely approved by the CAB — so ro u tin ely , in fa c t, th a t board documents from the late ‘5os and early 
’6os approving these arrangem ents simply list them with no explanation of what the agreem ents do or why the board found it in the public interest to approve them. 

CAB APPROVAL was necessary, how ever, because m any of these agreem ents would otherwise violate federal antitrust laws — or, at least, subject the airlines to the possibility of private antitrust suits. CAB approval 
“ im m unizes” the airlines from anti­ trust suits involving these agreements. 
Only recently have these arrange­ ments begun to attract some attention, and although it is generally conceded m any of them work for the public 
| good, a number of them are being cri­ ticized for hindering competition that 
I i could benefit the public, i 
Take, for example, the Yellow Pages ad v ertisin g agreem ent. Under this 
.one, airlines have agreed to limit themselves to a simple listing showing their telephone numbers and local of­ fices for reservations. 
Any airline wishing to do anything different — at least east of the Missis­ sippi — must obtain the approval of all the other airlines advertising in the same directory, including the airline’s own competitors. 
In any other industry, says Reuben 
B. R obertson III, a public interest lawyer and frequent critic of the CAB, an agreem ent such as this “ would be an antitrust violation because this is an ag reem en t th at re stra in s com peti­ tion.” 

The harm of such an arrangement, 
Robertson says, says, is that “ you, in a sense, are cutting out the competition of proclaiming your product in a way that may best attract custom ers for you.” 

EQUALLY q u estio n ab le is the agreem ent involving air-ground tele­ phone service. In 1962 four airlines conducted tests between Chicago and the East Coast involving the possibility of offering telephone service for airline passengers. 

The tests went well, but the airlines reported that only 12 channels were a v ailab le and it w as felt that this wasn’t sufficient to accommodate the an ticip ated dem and — p assengers would get frequent busy signals and blame the telephone company and the airline. 

As a re su lt, in 1963 th e a irlin e s agreed that nobody would offer air- ground telephone service to the public without getting approval from every­ body else. 
For some reason, the CAB was con­ sidering this agreement IO years later, because in 1973, the board decided that joint refusal of the airlines to partici­ pate in the development of air-ground telephone was depriving the public of a useful service. It therefore indicated it intended to disapprove the agreem ent. 
In early 1974, however, the board re v e rse d itself. The a irlin e s had changed their agreem ent to specify that nobody would offer telephone ser­ vice as long as only 12 channels were available, and member airlines were not p ro h ib ited from a id in g in technological im p ro v em en ts that? might some day lead to telephone ser­ vice to airplanes. 
The CAB’S reversal cam e after Aer­ onautical Radio Inc. — a com pany largely owned and controlled by the airlines — told the Federal Communi­ cations Commission, which allocates ra d io channels, th at 5o8 ch an n els would be needed to provide nationwide service, and after American Telephone 
& Telegraph Co. said it would take 22o channels. 

HOWEVER, AN AT&T spokes­ m an said the other day th a t when 
AT&T asked the FCC to allocate some additional channels for air-ground telephone service in 1974, the airlines did not join in the request. And the 
FCC, citing the fact that there was no appreciable demand for the service that the airlines weren’t providing any, turned down the AT&T request. 
Why has no airline ever offered such a service? There was, for example, no indication in CAB records that even though the number of channels is li­ m ited, an airline that w anted to be creative might offer telephone service only to first-class passengers — and charge first-class prices for use of the service. 
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., who directed a massive investigation into how the airlines are regulated, may have one answer: “ This looks su­ spiciously like an agreem ent among com petitors by which no firm will offer to custom ers a potentially useful ser­ vice until all firms are capable of do­ ing so.” 
And why the restriction on Yellow 
Pages advertising? There the answers seem to vary even among airline offi­ cials. Ed Storer, vice president for industry affairs at United Air Lines, was asked about the restrictio n . “ I could go further and make it more ri­ diculous,” he said; “ it doesn’t apply west of the Mississippi.” 
Storer said one airline may decide it wants to advertise more than just a 

 listing in the Minneapolis directory. 
“ So they can request and get an ex­ em ption and then everybody says, 
‘O.K., we ll be exem pt too,’ R ather than do that, we simply say, It doesn t apply in Minneapolis.’” 

BU T HE says the purpose of any such restriction is basically cost: “ lf you take the advertising cost in one edition of the telephone book and mul- 

The CAB routine­ ly approves ar­ rangements that would pr a h a b ly be illegal in other industries 

 tiply it by all the cities in the U.S.A. and you have to m atch the larg e amount of advertising which is being done by another carrier, you’re adding a trem endous amount of cost which eventually has to be passed along to the consum er.” 
Not so, says Norman Philion, execu­ tive vice president of the Air Transport 
Association, trade organization of the scheduled airlines. The cost “ is a very small, sm all part of the airline adver­ tising budget. It’s peanuts in term s of the total media advertising budget.” 
The real reason, says Philion, is that the stan d ard form at in the Yellow 
Pages makes it easier for a potential customer to find what he’s looking for. 
“ If you turn to other competitive areas of travel and tourism , there’s no con­ sistency,” he says. 
That however, was not good enough for Kennedy. Testifying during Senate aviation regulatory reform hearings, he said, “ neither the advertising nor the air-telephone resolutions offer public benefits sufficient to justify what would otherwise be illegal con­ spiracies in restraint of trade.” 
But what about the other agreements 
— the hundreds of them that currently exist? ATA President Paul R. Ignatius, in testim ony before a Senate Com­ merce aviation subcom m ittee recent­ ly, cited a statem ent by the Justice 
Departm ent’s antitrust chief, Donald I. 
Baker, to the effect that “ the over­ whelming majority of them are bene­ ficial and not anticom petitive in any sense.” 
Kennedy, Robertson and others have been urging Congress to take away the 
CAB’S authority to g ran t im m unity from antitrust prosecution for airline agreem ents on the grounds that the public may be suffering from higher prices and lack of innovative new ser­ vices. 
Boy, what a thought 

An American notable some time ago is alleged to have shaken a dinner companion with an exchange that went something like this: 

“ Would you go to bed with me for a million dollars?” He had the million. 
While she apparently considered, he added, “ How about for five dollars?” 
“ You are insulting!” She was indig­ nant. 
“ On the c o n tra ry ,’’ he replied. 
“ We’ve established your availability; we’re just haggling over the price.” 

Ed 
$yers 

Along the W ay 
C 
As I’m sure it does many an Ameri­ can lady, our attitudes on prostitution 

 disturb my wife Margaret. 
Why, she demands, are some of the play-for-pay girls immediately hauled into court? 

While others — not merely adm itting but boasting of the practice—are ele­ vated to the stature of celebrity, even best-selling “ authors?” 
“T hat’s not equal treatm ent under the law,” M argaret declared. 

“ Under the lawm aker,” I thought to myself. 
It was a hare-brained scheme 

TSU n e w sp a p e r w e lcom e s letters f-o m its read ers. They sh o u ld b e short — not o ve r 3 oo w o rd s — cmd they m ust be signed. R e a d e rs’ Initials w ill be used if req uested but unsigned letters w ill not be published. Editors rese rve the right to edit a n y letter for length, g o o d toste o r le ga l reasons but ev e ry effort w ill be m ad e to co n vey the w riter's opinions. Letter w riters m ust include their proper addre ss ond teleph one num ber — ~ w hich w ill not b e published — so the correct identity of the w riter can be established. Send letters to P.O . B o x 2 17 1, San Antonio, Te xas 7 8 2 9 7 . 

WASHINGTON - The TV network sports departm ents were trying to think of a new sports event which would cap­ ture the im agination of the 
Am erican people—and also bring in $12o,ooo a minute in advertising. 
One of the producers said, “ I’ve got it. What about a race between a hare and a tortoise. It’s never been done on television before.” 
“ T hat’s it,” said the network vice president. “ It’s a natural. We’ll make it bigger than the Kentucky Derby.” 
The p ro d u cer w ent to see the" m anager of a hare. “ We’d like your boy to race ag a in st a to rto ise on prime-time television. We’re willing to put up a p rize of 
$15o,ooo winner-take-all.” 
“ It sounds interesting,” the hare’s m anager said. “But my boy isn’t going to compete against a tortoise on TV for winner-take-all event unless the loser was guaranteed a purse.” 
The producer signed the hare up and then went to see a promoter of tortoise 

 rn 

Art 
Buchwold 

Light Side 
C 

 races. The promoter said, “ I’ve got IO tortoises you can pick from .” 
THE PRODUCER sa id , “ We want a champion tortoise who has won his last IO races.” . 
“ I’ve got one,” the prom oter said. 
“ He’s working out in the Everglades now, but he should be ready by next m onth.” 
“ How do we know he’s a winner?” 
“ H ere’s his record in Tortoise Track 
Magazine. It’s the official book for all tortoise racing throughout the world, and no one has ever questioned it. 
W hat’s the purse?” 
“ W e’re offering $15o,ooo winner- 

 take-all, with a guarantee of $5o,ooo to the loser.” 
“ We’ll do it provided we keep the ad v ertisin g rights to the to rto ise ’s back. I think we can sell them to a tire com pany.” 
The producer and prom oter shook hands on the deal. 
Then the promoter went over to a swam p near Kennedy A irport. There were several tortoises snoozing in the sun. “ Anyone want to race a hare on television?” 
Not one tortoise looked up. 
“ Listen, there’s $15o,ooo in it for the winner and $5o,ooo for the loser.” 
A tortoise peered out of his shell. 
“ T hat’s not bad.” 
The promoter said, “ My share will be 8o per cent, win or lose.” “ T hat’s a lot,” the tortoise said. 
“YOU WANT your big chance on 
TV or don’t you?” the prom oter said. 
“ I know a hundred tortoises who would give their tails for this opportunity.” 
The tortoise said resignedly, “ Okay. 
Anything to get out of this sw am p.” 
Once the contracts had been signed the network flacks went to work pro­ moting the event. 

The buildup was unbelievable. By the evening of the race, which was held in the capital of Zaire, 6o million peo­ ple had tuned in for the “ g reatest sporting event in television history.” 
Howard Cosell and E ddie A rcaro were sent over to do the commentary. 
Howard and Eddie Arcaro were sent and both agreed there was no question in their minds that the hare would ea­ sily win. 
When the gun sounded, the hare took off and led by 3,ooo lengths. The to rto ise craw led along. The hare looked back and decided he was so far ahead he would take a nap. But he overslept and when he woke up he saw the tortoise cross the finish line. The hare started to hit Howard and pro­ tested that the race had been fixed. 
Howard was shocked and said the network would hold a full investiga­ tion. There was, and the vice president of sports at a press conference de­ clared he was canceling all fu ture hare-and-tortoise races. 
Then the network sports people met and the vice president said, “ Okay, what do we do next week?” 

 t 

Sari Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 22 1977 
'Death Wish’ author hates violence, wants control over films of novels 

CHARLES BRONSON p la y e d a vigi­ lante In the film Brian G arfield h a t e d o f his o w n n o v e l, “ D eath 
Wish** 
_____ 

By LESLIE 
HANSCOM 
ID S A N G ELES Ti m e s s e r v ic e 
N E W 
Y O R K 
- 
Brian Garfield is a novelist with a solid audience of fans who like thrillers with the touch of the expert. 
But because they 

 are readers of books, their numbers are li­ mited. There is a far bigger public which knows him only in connection with the movie 
“ Death 
Wish,” a melodrama about a v ic t im of crime who sets out on his own armed vendetta against cri­ minals. This is one of 

I 
An Encyclopedia of 
CHINESE 

 f o o d ** c o o k i n g a LU RD' 8 
SUMMERTIME 

 w o o RECIPES I sssr* r-TH 
BOOK 
BONANZA 
$1 to 24.95 
Beg. 2.95 lo 59.95 

FAMILY SONGBOOK, Better Homes & Gardens, 19.95................................ 7.98 
WEBSTER’S DICTIONARY, unabridged, pub. 59.95................................... 24.95 
AN AMERICAN IN HELL by A. Dolgun, pub. SIO ......................................... 
$1 
WHAT YOUR CHILD IS ALL ABOUT, pub. 7.95.............................................. 
$1 
AMATEUR’S GUIDE TO LEISURE TIME PHOTOGRAPHY, 6 95....................... 2.98 
THE SEARCH FOR JIMMY CARTER, pub. 5.95............................................ 
$1 
THE BOOK OF FIRSTS by Robertson, pub. S IO ........................................... 4.98 
NUTRITION FOR YOUR FAMILY, pub 3,95................................................. 
$1 
THE DOGS OF WAR by Frederick Forsyth, 7.95.............. 
2.98 
HEALTH FOOD DICTIONARY with recipes, 6.95..........................................2.98 
SOLDIER & TSAR IN THE FOREST, pub. 5.95.................................................1.49 
A WORLD OF GREAT STORIES by great writers, SIO 
........................... 4.98 
HANSEL AND GRETEL pop-up book, pub. 3.95............................................1.49 
THE BUFFET COOKBOOK by H. Schrader, 6.95........................................... 2.98 
IF I RODE AN ELEPHANT by M. Young, pub. 3.95..........................................1.49 
THE FIREHOUSE COOKBOOK, orig, recipes, 8 95....................................... 2.98 
LONDON, a picture book to remember, special...................................... 4.98 
FAMILY BOOK OF PREVENTIVE MEDICINE, 14 95 .......................................4.98 
FAMILY SECRETS by Rona Jaffe, pub. 9.95................................................ 2.98 
A PENNY A LOOK, by H. 8c M. Zemach, pub, 4.95........................................ 1.49 
COMPLETE SHERLOCK HOLMES TREASURY, special................................. 4.98 
NEW HAMBURGER & HOT DOG COOKBOOK, 8.95................................... 2.98 
ROBERT E. LEE: The Soldier, pub. 9.95........................................................ 2.98 
MY BOOK, blank pages for the scribbler................................................... 1.98 
FIGHTING AIRCRAFT of World Wars 18c ll, $25.............................................9.98 
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF HOUSEHOLD PLUMBING, 14,95................................. 3.98 
TREASURY OF AMERICAN WINES, Pub. 15.95.............................................7.98 
FIGHTING SHIPS of World Wars I 8c ll, pub. $25........................................... 9.98 
HOW TO HANDLE YOUR OWN CONTRACTS, pub. 9 95 .............................3.98 
FOREVER THIN, by Dr. Theodore Rubin, 4.95...............................................1.49 
CREATIVE CREPE COOKING, 2oo recipes, 1o.95...................................... 4.98 
OIL, action-packed novel, pub. 8.95........................................................1.49 
INTERNATIONAL GUIDE TO WORLD COOKERY........................................5.98 
CREATIVE MICROWAVE COOKING, 2oo recipes, 1o.95...........................4.98 
THE THIEVES AND THE RAVEN, 14 illus., 4.5o............................................... 
$1 
THE LAWLESS DECADE, pictures of the '2o's, 12.95.....................................4.98 
SHARDIK, gripping novel by Richard Adams, 9.95.....................................2.98 
RECIPES FROM THE OLD SOUTH, pub. 3 95............................................... 1.98 
PICTORIAL HISTORY OF THE WORLD’S GREAT TRIALS, $1o..........................5.98 
AMERICAN HERITAGE Illus. History of U.S., set.............................................9.98 
BOOK OF BLARNEY, art of the Irish, 5.95................................................... 1.98 
HARRY S. TRUMAN by Margaret Truman, 1o.95........................................ 2.98 
AMERICAN ANTIQUES, Crescent Library, 7.95..........................................2.98 
TALE OF TWO BAD MICE, Beatrix Potter, 3.95 ........................................... 1.98 
ADVENTURES OF RAGGEDY ANN, illustrated, 3 95.....................................1.49 
TALE OF PETER RABBIT, by B. Potter, illus., 3.95............................................. 1.69 
TALE OF BENJAMIN BUNNY, B. Potter, illus., 3.95..........................................1.69 
PICTORIAL HISTORY of The Civil War, 39.95 ............................................ 15.95 
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF CHINESE FOOD & COOKING, 17.5o..........................7.98 
A MOTHER GOOSE TREASURY, Kate Greenaway, 3.95...............................1.69 
NORMAN ROCKWELL ILLUSTRATIONS, pub. 17.5o.....................................7.98 
SNOWWHITE, Fairy Tale pop-ups, pub. 2.95...............................................1.49 
THREE LITTLE PIGS, pop-up, color, pub. 3.95...............................................1.49 
WEBSTER’S ENCYCLOPEDIC DICTIONARY, pub. 24 95.............................. 9.98 
CANDY CANES, a small child's Christmas, 2.95......................................... 
$1 
SOUTHERN ANTIQUES, photos 8c drawings, 14 95...................................... 4.98 
SPY STORY by Len Deighton, suspense, pub. 6.95.......................................1.98 
COMPLETE WORKS OF SHAKESPEARE, pub. $2o...................................... 4.98 
COLOR ENCYCLOPEDIA OF ANTIQUES, pub. 37.5o................................ 19.95 
THE CHILDKEEPER by Sol Stein, pub. 7.95....................................................1.49 
NOSTALGIA QUIZ BOOK No. 3, pub. 8.95..................................................2.98 
COLLECTING BEER CANS, 24o photos, pub. 1o.95 ................................4.95 
ROGET’S THESAURUS of Words 8c Phrases, SIO........................................... 4.98 
1897 SEARS ROEBUCK CATALOGUE, pub. 3.5o..........................................1.98 
COMPLETE CAR OWNER’S MANUAL, illus,, 8.95..........................................3.98 
HOME WIRING & ELECTRICITY encyclopedia, 14.95................... 
3.98 
DR. SOLOMON’S FASY, NO RISK DIET, 17.95...............................................1.49 
GRAY’S ANATOMY, 19o1 edition, pub. $2o................................................ 7.98 
PATTERN DRAFTING & DRESSMAKING, D. Moore, 995.............................. 2.98 
CROSSWORD PUZZLE DICTIONARY, pub. 5.95..........................................1.98 
GOLDILOCKS AND THE THREE BEARS, color, 2.95.......................................1.49 
THINK AND GROW THIN, weight control. 5.95............................................1.49 
THE DESPERATE YEARS, depicts the '3o's, 7.95................................ 
4.98 
Book Department 
^Dillard’s 
SHOP DILLARD'S IO 'TIL 9 MON-SAT 

 those ironies that m ake w ritin g a thankless trade, be­ cause “ Death Wish” is a movie Garfield can’t stand. 
In adapting the Gar­ field novel of the same name, the film makers improved it with what he regards as disastrous ef­ fect. 
“ I loathed that movie,” he says with no hesita­ tion, “ It’s a propaganda device which encourages us all to go out and be vigilantes.” 
Because he, as nove­ list, had no such message in mind, Garfield, in his own version, made it ap­ parent that the hero of 
‘‘Death Wish” was par­ anoid. The plot, in fact, grew out of an admittedly paranoid impulse exper­ ienced by the author himself. 
Weakness 
One of his weaknesses, 
Garfield says, is a feti­ shistic attraction to con­ vertible automobiles. 
One evening, while at­ tending a late party on 
Manhattan’s Upper West 
Side, he left a cherished specimen of this all-but- extinct species parked on the street. When he re­ turned to it, he found that some trousered ape had slashed the top with a knife. 
Like any man of nor­ mal inflammability, he plunged into a fantasy of how sweet it would be to find the perpetrator and choke him dead. Then, like a normal man, he cooled off. 
Later, like a novelist, 

" . . . I loathed that movie ('Death Wish’). It’s a propaganda device which encourages us all to go out and be vigilantes. . . 99 

 he began to wonder what would happen if he wer­ en’t so normal. This was the genesis of ‘‘Death 
Wish,” in which the pro­ tagonist is a nut who, in­ stead of cooling off, acts out his fantasies. 
Doing exactly that is what characterizes the nut, according to Gar­ field, and in the novel, he tried to show this. But movies involve actors with career images to protect, and so, in the film version, the nut be­ comes a hero whom the audience cheers. 
For this reason, Gar­ field is acting as his own producer for the forth­ coming film of his novel 
“ Hopscotch.” 
“ I want to maintain some control,” he says, 
“ so they won’t put in 16 gratuitous murders jus* to spice it up.” 
Dislikes violence 
By something of an an­ omaly, Garfield is a thriller writer who dis­ likes extreme and expli­ cit violence. 

His new novel, “ Re­ coil” (Morrow; $8.95), is a persuasive demonstra­ tion that, to keep control of the reader’s pulse beat, the novelist with imagination doesn’t need it. 
The plot of “ Recoil” was suggested by a newspaper story about a little-known agency of the Justice Department 

 whose function is to help witnesses against big- time criminals live in hiding from retaliation by the mob. 
Telling the story of a man marked for death by a racket boss of relent­ less will and ingenuity, the author creates a maximum of excitement with a minimum of blood-letting and practi­ cally no resort to erotic or sadistic sensation. 
In person, Garfield gives the impression that, if somebody offered him violence face to face, he could take care of himself. Solidly built and good-looking in a tanned, outdoorsy hat not affect­ ed by his glasses, he could be one of his own mettlesome heroes. 
He says he is a good shot, but only target practice proves it, since hunting has never ap­ pealed to him. Partly, it is because he knows how it feels to stop bullets himself. 

Shot 
Once he was shot in the leg in an accident on the target range, and another time — while performing in an Old West pageant in 
Arizona, where he grew up — he was shot in the back by a fellow' actor who didn’t know that, at close enough range, it is possible to wound with a blank cartridge. 
To a thriller writer, 

Garfield says, guns are an abiding nuisance: ‘‘If you write about the 
Grand Prix, you don’t get complaints from car buffs, but if you write about a pistol, all the gun fanatics will write that you mentioned a .33 when you should have said a 
.44.” 
Rubber guns 
According to Garfield, guns are handled the way they should be only on movie sets where they are given the most gin­ gerly treatment. Actors in westerns, he points out, are always armed with rubber weapons un­ less they are shown ac­ tually firing a shot. 
“ If some of the kids who get worked up by the violence they seen in the movies could see the ela­ borate caution with which guns are treated on the set, it might,” 
Garfield says, “ contri­ bute to their education.” 
Garfield believes, in novels and movies, “ the pornography of violence is something we’re get­ ting away from, if only because if s losing its power to shock.” 
In his own work, he declares, he is trying to 
“ promote the idea that there are usable alternatives” — like, for instance, the timeless appeal of a character risking his neck for so­ mething morally admir­ able. 

“ I think there is a hunger,” he says, “ even if ifs old fashioned sen­ timentality, for someth­ ing the audience can root for. I know I, as an au­ dience, want to feel con­ cerned.” 
Garfield, who is 38, has written for a living from the beginning, except for a brief period after gra­ duating from the Univer­ sity of Arizona when he toured with his own band. He lives with his wife, the English actress 
Shan Willson, in a house that used to be a general store in a small town in 
New Jersey. 
He writes in the morn­ ing and uses the after­ noon for business likes tending his garden. 
Waiting, he says, is a work he wholly loves, ex­ cept for the fights with copy editors who want to stick in commas — which he dislikes because they slow the eye — and who won’t accept his argu­ ment that “ gray” looks grayer when spelled 
“ grey.” 
Garfield spends a lot of time in England, where they agree with his spelling, where his in­ laws are and where he has a bigger public than here. In England, he points out, the thriller is a more respected form of writing, and writers are not separated, as they tend to be in this country, into those who write well and those who can tell a story. 
If he didn’t feel in­ spired by the possibility and challenge of doing both, Garfield says, he would “ go to Kenya and be a school teacher.” 
Gill book on 
Lindbergh still leaves mystery 

By DAVID 
HENDRICKS 

C h arles A. L in d ­ bergh is ju s tly f a ­ mous for s e v e ra l reasons — his Paris flight, the k id n a p ­ ping of his first child, his conser­ vation and wildlife effo rts as well as other a c c o m p lis h ­ ments. 
But is he the most fa­ mous person of the 2oth 
Century? Brendan Gill says so in his biography 
LINDBERGH 
ALONE; 
(Harcourt Brace Javano- vich $11.95), issued in conjunction with the 5oth anniversary of the May 
2o-21, 1927 transatlantic flight. 
Gill’s claim might be debatable. In fact, judg­ ing from the book, it has to be. Gill leaves Lind­ bergh a puzzling enigma. 
What the author of 
“ Here at the 
New 
Yorker” does is explain what Lindbergh was not; he was not the “ Lucky 
Lindy,” daredevil hero the media of the 192os made him out to be, 
Gill spends a good per- 

 looks 

 tion of the book on the newspaper populariza­ tion of him and how 
Lindbergh came to hate publicity, the innane questions, the constant inaccuracies and the ever-present photo­ graphers, who once made 
Lindbergh damage part of his plane because they were in his runway path. 
Hated luck 
He particularly hated the 
“ Lucky 
Lindy” nickname, feeling his ac­ complishments were from ability, not luck. 
Of the press accounts depicting him as a “ fly­ ing fool,” Lindbergh once wrote, “ These fel­ lows must think I ’m a cowpuncher, just trans­ ferred to aviation.” 
But Gill is quick to point out how Lindbergh used the press, especially after the Paris flight, to further his causes for aviation and wildlife pre­ servation. 
Gill quotes 
Lind­ bergh’s writing at length on two incidents during 
Lindbergh’s flight train­ ing at San Antonio’s Kel­ 

 ly Field. One is an ac- ficount of a prank Lind- 
| bergh pulled on a class- 
“mate, the nature of which cannot be printed in a newspaper. 
Crash at Kelly 
The other is Lind­ bergh’s report of his mid-air collision with another training aircraft on March 6, 1925, about 
IO miles north of Kelly 
Field. 
The incident is histori­ cal because it was the first time in aviation his­ tory a mid-air collision between two aircraft was survived by the pilots, who in this case para­ chuted to safety. 
But Gill places more emphasis on Lindbergh’s written report of the col­ lision and its lean style with impressive narra­ tive drive. Lindbergh was to fully realize a re­ markable writing ability later in his autobio­ graphies, “ We,” “ The 
Spirit of St. Louis” and 
“ Autobiography of 
Values.” 

Do not read Gill’s book is you are looking for a detailed, hour-by-hour account of the Paris flight, or of the kidnap­ ping of his son. That is not here. 

LUCKY LINDY w a sn ’t lucky, w as he? 

Gill does, however, set forth a theory explaining 
Lindbergh’s sudden fame after the flight. 
“ A man’s life gains value and becomes ex­ emplary when in the course of fulfilling him­ self he happens to offer the group of which he has been a part the oppor­ tunity to fulfill itself,” 
Gill writes. 
Irony 
In other words, Lind­ bergh unwittingly de­ monstrated America’s view of itself as all-con­ quering, a nation of ac­ complishment. The irony is that Lindbergh wanted only to test himself by his own standards, not give value to America’s. 
But Lindbergh was genuinely pleased that his flight helped relations between the 
United 
States and France, so­ mething needed today. 
Gill’s theory does not tell us much about Lind­ bergh, however. All that 
Gill can do is note the contradiction between 
Lindbergh’s desire for privacy and the way he constantly stayed in the 

 public eye, even by writ­ ing best-selling books meant to reveal himself. 
Still unknown 
Somehow, Lindbergh’s books have not been judged an adequate ex­ planation; G ill’s book certainly is not. He re­ mains an unknown quali­ ty. G ill’s title, “ Lind­ bergh Alone,” implies that. Perhaps that is best. Why should we know all about this man we insisted on making a myth of? 
The book is still enjoyable, being very readable. 
In places, 
Gill’s writing is a bit too simplistic, a little too neat. 
Graphically, the book is handsome and contains 
86 photographs. The best of these is a poignant picture of Lindbergh the day following the flight gazing in transparent. heartbreak at the da­ mage inflicted on The 
Spirit of St. Louis by 
French souvenir-seekers the night he landed in 
Paris. The damage to his life by the Lindbergh myth was no less. 
'New’ Sherlock Holmes tale could easily stay lost 

By RICHARD 
ERICKSON 
A las, poor 
Dr. 
Watson. 
He m ust have worn his weary fingers to the bone writing “ newly dis­ c o v e r e d ” stories about his firend, 
Sherlock Holmes. 

Nicholas Meyer had one best seller ("Seven 
Per Cent Solution” ) and one so-so novel (“ West 
End Horror” ) thanks to 
Watson’s uncovered me­ moirs and now, someone else has “ discovered” another. 
It’s EXIT SHERLOCK 
HOLMES by Robert Lee 
Hall (Scribner’s Sons; 
$7.95) and it’s a lulu — which is not to say it’s up to expectations. 
Like 
Meyer, 
Hall 

“ found” his Watson ori­ ginal in an old, forgot­ ten box. Like Meyer, 
Hall’s version has to do with the final confronta­ tion between the famous fictitious detective and his arch-enemy, Profes­ sor James Moriarty. 
But there is where the similarity ends. 

More sci-fi 
H all’s book — aside from being less weft-writ- ten — has more in com­ mon with something by science fiction writer 
Robert Heinlein than 
Meyer or Arthur Conan 
‘Doyle, Holmes’first crea­ tor. 
The story starts simply enough. Watson is dying and wants to make, a re­ cord of Sherlock’s final case. 
Conan Doyle attempted to do that, too, when 

Holmes and Moriarty fell off the cliff at 
Reichenbach, but public pressure made Doyle bring him back to life. 
The case, however, be­ comes more Watson’s than Holmes’ as the faithful companion searches for the famous detective and uncovers unsettling information of 
Holmes’ past. 
Hall does not really get the feel of gaslight and hansom cabs that Conan 
Doyle made a trademark and Meyer mimicked. 
His Watson is stilted, too much the movie charac­ terization rather than 
Conan Doyle’s original. 
Holmes makes no deduc­ tions and Moriarty . . . 
But any more and the game will not be afoot. 
Suffice to say, the story and references to past cases will draw any 
Sherlock Holmes fan as 

 much as the ending will surprise and disgust him. 
And prepare yourself, 

 because Hall writes he has found several other 
Watson cases. We can wait 
BEST SELLERS 

N E W YORK TIM ES SERVICE 
FICTION 
1. F A L C O N E R , 
By John D Cheerer 
(Knopf; $7.95 ) S tunning prison novel o f escape and redem ption. 
2 . O L IV E R ’S S T O R Y , 
By In c h Sega/ 
(H a rp e r 4 Row; $ 7 .9 5 .) Tearless bu t well meaning sequel. 
3. THE C R A S H O F ‘7 9 , 
By Paul E 
Sidman. Simon & Schuster; $ 8 95 ) Inside the Petrodollar set. 
4 . T R IN IT Y , By le o n Uris. (Doubleday; 
$1o,95.) The troubles in Ire la n d over the years. 
5. C O N D O M IN IU M , By John D M ac­ 
Donald (J. 8 lip p in c o tt, S IO ) Disaster hits flo rid a Keys. 
A . THE C H A N C E L L O R M A N U S C R IP T , 
8y Robert lilt urn 
(D ia l; S IO ) Topical thriller 
7. H O W T O S A V E Y O U R O W N LIFE, 
8y Erica Jong. (H olt, R inehart & Winston, 
SB 95.) Isadora s back an d Hollyw ood » got her 
$ . EAST W IN D , R A IN , 
By N Richard 
Nash (Atheneum ; $9.95.) Pearl Harbor on the eve. 
9. A B O O K O F C O M M O N P R A Y E R , 
By Joan D id io n . (Sim o n & S chuster, 
$8 95.) A woman a d rift 
IO . THE T H O R N B IR D S , 
By Colleen 
M cC ullough. (H a rp e r & Row, $9 95 .) 
Austrialian fa m ily sc ga 

NONFICTION 
1. Y O U R E R R O N E O U S Z O N E S , 
By 
W a yn e W 
D ye r. (Funk & W o g n o lls ; 
$6,95.) Self-help pe p talk. 

2 . P A S S A G E S , 8y G a il Sheehy. (Dutton. 

$ 1o 95.) H e lp fu l study o f m id-life crises 

3 . R O O T S , By Alex Haley. (D oubleday, 
$12 5o ) O ne man s fam ily; im p o rta n t black history 

4. THS G A M I5 M A N , By M ichael M ac cofay. (Simon 4 Schuster, $8 95.) The new corp o ra te man 
5. H A Y W IR E , 
By Brooke H a yw a rd 
(K n o p f; S I O I M o vin g m em oirs o f a 
Hollywood childhood 
6 . C H A N G IN G , By liv Ullmonn (Knopf. 
$8.95) The film star on life, Bergman a nd art. 
7. T H I G R A S S IS A L W A Y S G R E E N E R 
O V E R TH E S E P T IC T A N K , 
By Irm o 
Bombeck (M cG raw Hill; $6 95.) Humorous side o f suburban life 
8 . M A JE S T Y , 
By Robert lacey, (H oi co u rt B race Jo vanovieh; $12 5o ) The 
Queen Elizabeth ll story. 
9 . THE A G E O F U N C E R T A IN T Y , 
By 
John Kenneth G albraith. (Houghton Mifflin, 

$15 95 ) 
IO . THE D A V ID K O P A Y S T O R Y , 
By 
D avid Ka p a y a n d Berry (Jeane Young 
(Arbor House, $8 95) fo o tb a ll Player on his hom osexuality 

Movie music complex business 

By TOM SHALES 

THI WASHINGTON POST 
HOLLYWOOD — “I haven’t quite got that main theme," says Joseph Sargent, direc­ tor of the movie, “MacArthur.” 
He tries to whistle a few notes, but he can tell by the pained expression on composer 
Jerry Goldsmith’s face that he hasn’t quite got it indeed. 
In about 4o years, the pro­ cess has changed little 

San Antonio EXPRES5-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977 

" 
%-i: 

 r n 

Theater’s gone to the dog 

J 

“ No, no, it’s like this,” says Goldsmith, who correctly counter-w his­ ses the instantly addic­ tive march he wrote to open the film and bring the audience to attention. 
“ Oh, yeah,” says Sar­ gent. “ Right. Sure.” 
Goldsmith smiles pa­ tiently. 
Two hours earlier he’d conducted the same mu­ sic with 7o musicians in a crowded recording studio while silent troops passed in review for 
Gregory Peck on a movie screen at the back of the hall. Peck plays Gen. 
Douglas MacArthur in the $1o million Univer­ sal military biography to be released next month. 
It may seem anachronistic in this computer and synthe­ sizer age, but an orches­ tra of real live people still has to get together and serenade a movie screen in order to add music to movies. In about 4o years, the pro­ cess has changed little; the musicians play while the conductor conducts and watches the film, section by section, on the screen behind them. Ad­ vanced electronics and sterophonic sound have, however, introduced a frustrating slew of tech­ nical refinements and complications. 
Technician 
So that today a man like Goldsmith — easily one of the lop five work­ ing movie composers — has to be not only com­ poser but technician, things aren’t quite the way they were when such illustrious pioneers as 
Max Steiner 
( “ King 
Kong,” “ Gone With The 
Wind” ) were creating the art of the film score. 
“ Steiner only had one 

Scoring hints are inserted in the film clip which the com- poser uses 

 lever to worry about — it went up for loud and down for soft,” says 
Goldsmith, standing in a control room worthy of a sci-fi movie. 
“ Today, there are dozens of levers. I ’ve learned all I can about this stuff so that the engineers can’t snow me.” 
When the 7o musicians play — for wages of about 
$125 each per day — the music for “ MacArthur” is picked up by 37 micro­ phones stashed around the hall and fed into 16 different audio channels which are then mixed down into three basic channels for recording onto film. Because there will be stereo as well as monaural prints, all the m usic w ill have to be 

§811 y s 
' , 
J 
\ 
V r* | 

 mixed twice. 
The final mix, later, will combine the music with all the other sounds in the picture, including mere words spoken by actors. 
“ There are times,” says Goldsmith with a grin, “ when you want to hear the dialogue.” 
Versatile 
Goldsmith has scored more than 65 films, demonstrating spectacu­ lar versatility — from the lush plush “ music-noir” of “ Chinatown” to the dissonant panic of 
“ Planet of the Apes” to the lavish romanticism of 
“ The Wind and the 
Lion.” lie was anxious to score “ MacArthur” even though he’s already done a General movie, “ Pat­ ton.” He says, “ The hard thing with this picture is to top ‘Patton’ and still be, you know, different.” 
He is assured several times throughout the day that the march fur “ Mac­ 
Arthur” is even better than the march for “ Pat­ ton.” Usually when told that he just gets a wor­ ried look on his face as if to say, “ Well, I don’t know about that.” 
This year, after eight nominations, Goldsmith won his first Oscar, to honor an inventively hair-curling choral and orchestral score for “ The 
Omen.” 
You can tell Goldsmith hasn’t let Hollywood make an android of him by the way he takes a compliment; he shields his face or blushes. His eyes may water. He looks away. 
From heart 
This can be interpreted as an indication that 
Goldsmith’s music, in that very old phrase, comes from the heart. 
In the recording studio, however, it must go from the heart into 16 chan­ nels, and for “ MacArth-' ur,” this has been diffi­ cult. A “ technical mal­ function” has required that all 34 minutes of the original score, pius 15 minutes of such 
“ source” music as Cho­ pin’s Funeral March (for 
FD R ’s funeral), be re­ done. It took 2o hours the first time; on this day, 
Goldsmith is about half­ way through the re-re- cording. 
The day starts at 9 a.m. and, when it ends for the orchestra at I p.m., 
Goldsmith will be told by an assistant that he has recorded 12 minutes of music. 
“ That’s not bad at all,” says Goldsmith. “ That’s not bad at all for four 

BROADWAY’S most im probable new star is Sandy, a m utt rescued from th e dog pound fo r a stage career. 

 hours.” 
The musicians are re­ cording the main title march, the music that accompanies the credits for the film, over intro­ ductory footage of Mac­ 
Arthur and cadets at 
West Point. The march is only 2 minutes and 14 se­ conds long, but it will be done over and over until 
Goldsmith gets the sound 
Music has to be mixed twice, once for stereo recordings and once fo r mon­ aural 

 he wants. He does not get the sound he wants until 
Take 14. 
With his balloon of fluffy gray hair making him clearly visible 
Goldsmith stands on a platform at the center of the room, behind a large easel that contains his sheet music and an elec­ tric timer. The musi­ cians are cordoned off into sections by moveable baffle walls. Very few of them can see the screen. 
Before each lake, there is a loud ticking sound through the hall. The musicians can hear this even as they play, through one-ear head­ phones they all wear. 
“ It’s the cueing system we use,” Goldsmith ex­ plains later. “ The click track. It works like a metronome, so that the music can be precisely timed to the picture. Be­ fore we start to record each section, you hear four warning clicks — sort of like Lawrence 
Welk saying, ‘Uh-one, uh-tw’o, uh-three, uh- four.’” 
There are also visual signposts for the conduc­ tor, gouged right into the film — “ streamers,” which are white lines that scamper across the screen before music is to begin, and bit white dots, keyed to similar marks on the conductor’s sheet music, that signal a change in tempo or mood. The film used during scoring is a scratched and tattered, black-and-white, silent work print. 
Tricky 
During a break, Golds­ mith talks about the tricky craft of scoring for films. The hammer on the piano strings, he says, will be a repeating motif throughout the film. 
“ It’s just a gimmick, really. It’s strange, be­ 

 cause the simplest gim­ mick — the most musi­ cally simplistic kinds of things — can work very weli dramatically in a film. Then you’ll turn around and write so­ mething fancy in double counter-point that sounds m arvelous musically, and ii won’t work af all. 
“ There are times when you can be too musical for a scene dramatically 
— you run the risk of overpowering a scene. 
No, you can’t save a scene with music, but you can sure help. I ’ve said many times, great pictures have saved some bad scores, but great scores never save bad pictures. I can write a brilliant score, but if the film flops, I ’m going down the tubes with everybody else.” 

By WILLIAM GLOVER 
AP Drama W riter 
NEW YORK (AP) - The perils of Pauline had noth­ ing on the career of Sandy 
Berloni, Broadway's most improbable celebrity. 
Rescued from mercy ex­ tinction, later mangled by a truck, untutored in the skills of professional rivals. Sandy has survived to meet Presidents Carter and Ford, eat steak nightly and thrive on gushy audience acclaim. 
Sandy is the tan dog of most chaotic ancestry who turned out to be a casting director’s dream in the new smash musical “ An­ nie,” a caper based, as everyone must know, on the comic strip “ Little Or­ phan Annie.” 
“ He is a very mellow animal,” says owner Bill 
Berloni of the psy­ chological complacency with which his charge has adjusted to unexpected salvation. 
Between roles, the only performer around to be named for his stage part likes to curl up in a corner of his Alvin Theater dressing room. Deep in long doggy introspection, he lets his understudy Arf welcome visitors with woofs and sniffs. 
Bill Berloni, 2o. does the talking to an occasional rollover, paw .stretch or corrobatory eye roll as tribulations and triumph are reviewed. 
Kicked habit 

“ Ever since the opening, he’s been on a round of chores that have knocked him off habit,” Berloni says. Sandy has been on television, has an elabor­ ate magazine profile up­ coming, has been photo­ graphed by high fashion’s 
Richard Avedon and is be­ sieged to endorse every 

 r n 

W IN D C R E S T A R T F E S T IV A L 
Su n d ay, M a y 22, 1977 
I to (t P.M . 
RESURRECTION 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
59o9 Walzem Rd. 
Original Artwork 
Selected Crafts 
Silent A tut ion 
Food And Drinks Available 

 whenonlyjU^ the very best will do 
FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENING 

TROUT AMANDINE 

RED SNAPPER 

IMPERIAL 
• 

RIB EYE 
• 

FILET 

MARGARITAS 
$1.oo 

AU. ENTREES 
INCLUDE: SALAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

M 
E 
I S 
S 
C O . 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

512/ 826-2371 

Church Theater 
David Bowen and Karen Jones are stars of the Church Theater’s production of the 
Noel Coward comedy “ Private Lives.” The show is presented each night Tuesday through Saturday and on Sunday after­ noon. 

Clip this coupon! 

TWO RIBEYE STEAK" 
PLATTERS FOR *3.99 I 

(with this coupon) Bring this coupon plus someone you bice and enjoy a pair of ribeye steaks selected for taste and tenderness . . . with baked potato or golden trench 

 tries and Sizzler toast Both for just 
I 
Sd VV 

• 462o B ro ad w ay 

L 
• 14o2 S.W . M ilita ry Dr. 

4 
• B ro ad w ay at Loop 41o 
• H w y. 9o at M ilita ry Dr. 
• Vance Jackson at Loop 41o 
• Now in Now Braunfels 
IH-35 of Walnut Ave* 

P * I m 
SIZZLER 
FAMILY STEAK HO U SE S 

"rim " —1 rHE HOME Of 

 steak LOVERS 

I I A.M.-1o P.M. 
DAILY 
Good Thru Thurs. 5 / 2 6 
/Im Kindly t i nt **i l'.«/n 

I 
8 
C 
I 
3 
I 
I 
I 

 dog food around. 
In April, 1976, though, he w as a scrawny waif at the end of his rope. Salvation came because up at the 
GGodspeed Opera House in 
East Haddam, Conn., un­ tested “ Annie” was slated for presentation. 
The producer found that getting a regular trained animal would cost $61)o a week plus expenses, so ac- tor-technician Berloni was sent on a hound hunt. 
After seeing 5oo lost, stolen and strayed canines in a halfdozcn pounds, 
Berloni arrived at the dog-catcher’s corral in 
Newington, just outside 
Hartford. 
Skinny and sad 

“ Over in a corner of a cage, this fellow was cowering, scaly and sad. skinny as anything. I was so sorry. I called the at­ tendant who told me the 

 animal had been beaten by his owner and was really afraid of people. ‘You want to train him to perform in front of hundreds of spectators?’ the man said.” 
Berloni took pictures* asked if he could return next day after man­ agement had a chance to approve. 
The warden wouldn't promise — “ we keep them seven days before putting them to sleep, and he’s on his lust day.” 
When Berloni reached in his pocket to post a guar­ antee, he discovered he had no money with him. 
Could he return in the morning before the pound opened? “ You can try," was the noncommita! answer. 
Back at Goodspeed, both producer and director were away “ so it had to be my decision, adopt him if 

 they didn’t want him. I felt so sorry for the poor guy.” 
At 8:3o a.m. Berloni re­ turned, roused the janitor, paid the $8 adoption fee and hurried his nameless companion to the nearest roadside eatery for a cou­ ple of hamburgers, 
Welcome 

The Goodspeed company enthusiastically receivcd the vagabond at the communal barracks. 
“ Just right,” said the bosses, and Berloni settled down to preparing his charge for 
“ Annie,” scheduled to open in 
August. 

Soon after the New York opening, Sandy decided to wash himself in a way that broke up the audience and 

 sent Andrea McCardle, who plays Annie, giggling into the wings, her song unfinished. Miss McArdle has become adept at ad- libbing around his im­ promptu whims. 

Like any important per­ former, Sandy now has an understudy, the 
1o-month-old Arf, found in a New York Humane center. A mixture of Collie and Golden Retriever, Arf has a bit part, too. and provides frisky workouts for his shaggy pal. 

“ They are the only players in the show that management pays to taxi back and forth to work,” their mentor reports. 
“ They are also covered by liability insurance." 

L 
VEGAS 
3 Nights 

$ 2 
1 
9 

Including 
ROUNDTRIP AIRFARE, DELUXE HOTEL, 
TRANSFERS, BAGGAGE HANDLING, 
TIPS & TAXES. 
Safariw orld Travel 
J 
«# */V E U m p n o . 
S till tn h m ii), I i 1 x ii* 7H'JiW 

FOR INFORMATION CALL (512) 828 5629 

PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION. 
£ 

■ 
(EN> 
I g 
N a m e ------------------- — ----- --------------- —— —----------------I 

■ Addrest-------- — 
------------- 
I rn City—---------------------------- -------------- | 
I 
State----------------------- Z«p ■ 
J 
I m m 
B I M r n WM MV WB M « » «M» M i WNS 

I 

The Dallas Playboy Club is 

Looking for the Whist Attractive 
Girls in the Southwest 

The Playboy Club is coming to Dallas and will open in 
July We would like to stall our exciting new Playboy 
Club with Southwest lovelies, lf you aru an attractive young woman who enjoys working with people, we want to see you 

Playboy is looking for upwards of 8o Bunnies ol all sizes and backgrounds to add Southwestern charm and hospitality lo the Playboy Club atmosphere The 
Playboy Club offers young women a chance for full or part-time employment in fascinating and glamorous surroundings. Women involved in other careers have found part-time employment with Playboy financially rewarding and fun.. a pleasant way to supplement their income 
Interested? Send your name, address, phone and a recent full-length photo immediately to Dallas Playboy 
Club, 6116 North Central 
Expressway, Dallas. TX, 752o6. 
You will be notified about your appointment for your personal interview. 
The Playboy Club of Delias 

Dallas, TX, 752o6 
An fc quai Opportunity I niptoyai 

When in Southern California visit 
S T U D I O S T O U W 

“What we have here is a total lack of respect for the law!” 

Burt Reynolds 
“Smokey ANDTNE Bandit” 
Sally Field Jerry Reed . Jackie Gleason 

 f as Sherif! Buford T. Justice] 

Screenplay by JAMES LEE BARRETT and CHARLES SHYER & ALAN MANDEL 
Story by HAL NEEDHAM & ROBERT L LEVY • Music by BILL JUSTIS and JERRY REED 

Directed by HAL NEEDHAM • Produced by MORT ENGELBERG * t xecut.vc Producer ROBERT I LL VV 

A RASTAR Production • A UNIVERSAL Picture • Technicolor® [po’MtmswMctseatsm»a»i 
„ 
" 
...........- pot MU RMD Mf HQ! §f t i jfr PRI 111 WAb) th, j 
[Original sound track available exclusively ort MCA Records & Tapes] 

STARTS FRIDAY, MAY 27! 

NORTH STAR #1 • UA MOVIES #1 

Also Starting At These Theatres 

City 
Theatre 
Date 
City 
Theatre 
Date 

DEL RIO 
Cinema Plaza 
5/27 
CUERO 
Rialto 
6/1o 
KERRVILLE 
Plaza 
5/27 
DEVINE 
Medina Valley DI 
6/1o 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
Cinema *11 
5/27 
EAGLE PASS 
Aztec 
6/17 
SAN MARCOS 
Holiday *1 
5/27 
LOCKHART 
Baker 
6/17 
SEGUIN 
Palace 
5/27 
FREDERICKSBURG 
Palace 
6/24 
VICTORIA 
Playhouse *1 
5/27 
HALLETTSVILLE 
Cole 
6/24 
UVALDE 
El Lasso 
7/8 

► 
( 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday May 22 1977 

Williams voice still heard 
OVERNIGHT 
‘Annie Hall’ captured the hearts of America. 

‘ANNIE HALL’ is now the biggest hit in 
San Antonio. 

WOOD/ IW M 
TONY 
C A K ! 
BM I 
JAN T 
SHELLEY ORSTOR-CR COLL ELN 

ALLEN KEATON ROBERTS KANE SIMON MARCO IN DUVAL I 
WALKEN 
DEWHURST 
'ANNIE HALL' 

: prs'UBOH uKu rn m o t h 
I Si*.13 HIT: L-.LrL3H 
NORTHWEST SIX 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

CINI CINCO 

1:4o-3:4o-5:4o-7:4o-9:4o 

PLUS AT 
DRIVE-INS 
YOU LL 
HOWL!! 
STARRING 
AT DAVID NIVEN iv 
(PG) 

CENTURY SOUTH 

1:15-3:25-5:35 

7:45-9:55 

BROADWAY 
"Is 15-4:1o-6:o5 
8:oo-9:55 

UNIVERSAL 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8.-oo-1o:oo 

SANPEDRO 
MISSION 

"F R A N K E N S T E IN " 8:45-12:15 
"D R A C U L A " 1o:5o 

 a CO LUM BIA/EM I 
Presentation 
MUHAMMAD ALI in “THE GREATEST ' 
A JO H N MARSHALL PRODUCTION 
ERNEST BO RGNINE-JO HN M ARLEY-LLOYD HAYNES 

Special Appearances By ROBERT DUVALL 9 DAVID HUDDLESTON 9 BEN JOHNSON 
JAMES EARL JONES 9 DINA MERRILL 9 ROGER E. MOSLEY 9 PAUL WINFIELD with ANNAZETTE CHASE • MIRA WATERS Screenplay by RING L ARDNER. Jr 

Based on The Greatest My Own Story by M UH AM M AD ALI • HERBERT M UHAM M AD and 

RICHARD DURHAM Produced by JO H N MARSHALL- Ducted bv TOM GRIES 

Music by MICHAEL M ASSER 
PG w in sacs!sui « L 
•Tr.. 7? 

( I N V U I I f , 
I O U I N 
VT 
SW Md Of or IN J} Vc 
924 *>J1 

12:oo- 2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo- 8:oo- 1o:oo 

G E N E R A L c i n e m a C O R P O R A T IO N 
N O R T H S T A R 
342-93o4 

By WALTER KERR new rome times seevici 
NEW YORK - What is so particularly painful about Tennessee W il­ liams’ “ Vieux Carre,” which opened recently, is that, if you listen care­ fully enough to penetrate the* appalling stage dir­ ection that has been im­ posed upon it, and if you disregard totally the monstrously shabby phy­ sical deisgn that is sup­ posed to represent a rooming house in New 
Orleans, and if—behond these things—you are willing to tolerate the aimlessness of the playwright’s own struc­ ture, you can hear his voice. 
Tennessee Williams’s voice is the most distinc­ tively poetic, the most idiosyncratically mov­ ing, and at the same time the most firmly dramatic 

 to have come the Ameri­ can theater’s way — ever. No point in calling the man our best living playwright. 

'He is our best playw­ right, and let qualifica­ tions go hang. In fact, he has already given us such a substantial body of successful work that there is really no need to continue demanding that he live up to himself, that he produce more, more, more, and all master­ pieces. We could take some casuals and just tuck them into the port­ folio, gratefully, as small dividends. 
All the more disturb­ ing, then, to have to fight so hard to pick up va­ grant echoes of the Wil­ liams manner, and the 
Williams method, at the 
St. James Theater. You do see what he’s getting at, from time to time and 

FOR A LOUSY TWENTY-FIVE BUCKS 
SOME PEOPLE THINK THEY CAN 
DO ANYTHING!’ 

M USTANG COUNTRY” 
SATURDAY AN D SU N D AY ONLY 
AT 1:35-3:15-5:oo 

B EE H I 
9ES3E 
6S6-3454 

SIDE X 

DAILY AT 7:oo-9:o5 
Seem Connery 
Cornelia I 

'The Next Man” 

An Alinit tnleitainm enl 
C om p te, film 
:: h techm coioi 

An Allied Artists Release O D 

SIDE 2 
/ 4 1 1 s 
MON.-FRI.: 7:1o-9:oo stirs 
SAT -SUN,: 1:45-3:3o 
J . 
5:15-7:1o-9:oo 
V . 
V 

THERE MUST 
FOREVER OE A GUARDI AH 
AT THE GATE FROM HELL... 

 sentinel 

A UNIVERSAL PICTURE lel.jHR, 
TECHNICOLOR' 

M MAJOR 
H i A 
I I MOT I OM w 
. P I C T U R E S 
/ 
” 
* 
T H I A T R E S O F S A N A N T O N I O A H * 4 | 
■ ■ 

A MOVIE IN THE TRADITION 
^ Of THI MARX BROS. 

 i'W 
EMILE de ANTONIO S 
GILLHOUSE 

EVENINGS MILLHOUSE 7:3o-9:15 “SUPERBUG” (G ) 
PLUS 

SI .OO Matinee Only 
(G ) “SUPERBUG SUPERAGENT7j 

1:25- 3:3o 
5:35- 7:4o-9:45 

IS T I. Houston Si. 
2 2 7 - 3 3 3 * 
FMER 11:3o-4:45-1o:oo 
CHINESE 1:15-6:3o 
FII KR 3:oo-8:15 

1*3o fred..nilthere Id 
735-531 J 
ENTER 12:3o-4:1o-7:5o 
FIVE 2:1o-5:55-9:35 
The ultimate in Martial A rts adventure and excitement! 
Tfr-tjj. H) 

BRUCE LEE 
JOHN SAXON 
JIM KELLY 
Ai 

2ND FEAfo 
& WOODLAWN 
“5 FINGERS 
OF DEATH” (R) 

(R) 

3RD FEATURE AT TEXAS 

ONLY: 
“CHINESE 
PROFESSIONALS” tx) 

 through a glass darkly. 
If a group of gushing tourists, doing the 
French Quarter dutiful­ ly, stare up at the hand­ some facade of a decayed building that has been cut into cubicles for stray boarders and devoutly murmur “ It’s like a dream,” while we know that behind that facade a girl dying of leukemia is desperately trying to make contact with her drugged stud of a lover, the intended irony can scarcely escape us. 
If the girl, ash blonde to begin with and freshly pale with fear, rebukes her sodden man for his 
“ choice of employment” and for “ using my place as a repository for stolen goods,” the syllables fall from her with the fasti­ dious ripple that long ago made Alma Winemiller, 
Blanche duBois, and 
Amanda Wingfield the women they were. The sound is there, the sound defines character, the sound is music. 
But two things are wrong, one of them with 

 the play proper. “ Vieux 
Carre” very much means to be a “ memory” play in the style of “ Glass 
Menagerie.” A boyish narrator, standing in for 
Williams himself, picks up where the lad of 
“ Menagerie” left off: He has finally fled the exa­ sperations of life at home in St. Louis and, in his 
New Orleans attic room, is in process of becoming a writer and homosexual. 
He plays scenes with ghosts of the past: A salty slattern of a landlady 
(Sylvia Sidney), an aging and tubercular homosex­ ual who seduces him 
(Tom Aldredge), the he­ terosexual stud and plaintive blonde who lives across the hall 
(John W illiam Reilly, 
Diane Kagan). There is even a genuine ghost, a dead grandmother who appears now and again in a blue spotlight, much as the photograph of the ab­ sent father of the boy in 
“ Menagerie.” 
When the present lad isn’t crossing paths with his troubled neighbors, 

| 
Recapture**!* STING ll fcxperience** 

Rf N IM B I P MOW 
GOOD ro t f f LI 
Tnt fIR M l i n t . 

WINNER OF 7/ Including 

ACADEMY 
Best Picture 

AWARDS 
'n 1973 

IN A Hi:: HHH U IS in 

M V L N E W M A N 
R O B E R T R E D F O B tD 

M 
M 
I S B M W 
, 'N i f A GEORGE ROY HILL FILM 
THE STING 

* A ’ 
’ 
P C W 
I , M M U SUtttSMOS I 

CENTURY 9 FOX # BROADWAY 

” THE GREATEST SU SP E N SE 
THRILLER OF THE 
D ECA D E!" — Rona Barrett, ABC-TV 

BLACK 
SUNDAY 

ROBERTSHAW BRUCE DERN MARTHE REUER 

K 

CENTURY SOUTH | U.A. CINE CINCO 
I 1:45-2:2o 
4:55-7:3o 
1o:o5 

ABC WONDER 

1:45-4:25 
I 
1:45-4:2o 
7:o5-9:45 
I 
6:55-9:3o 
N O BARGAIN MATINEE 

••ANN TM* AfRCS 

★ EXCLUSIVE ★ 

_ _ W HO IS THE LITTLE GIRL 
W HO LIVES DOW N THE LANE? 

EVERYONE W H O KNOW S IS DEA D . 

The 
Little Girl 
Who Lives 

UOOIE FOSTER MARTIN SHEEN ALEXIS SMITH 
FRI. o M O N. 7:45-9:3o 
SAT.-SUN. 1:oo-2:45-4:25-6:1o 
- 
. 7:45-9:.3LS._----- P G 

TENNESSEE W IL L IA M S m ay be 
America’s greatest living play­ wright, but productions of his plays aren’t the greatest. 

Echoes have been re­ corded; no dynamic pat­ tern has been arranged to house them. And this much must be laid to 

 on the stairwell, in the kitchen, he is addressing us. “ If I excused myself or withdraw, this scene would be incomplete” he remarks, redirecting our attention to two Dicken­ sian crones. 
The remark, unhappi­ ly, goes directly to the heart of the problem. The crones aren’t really playing a scene. They are only chittering, in a kind of near-senile birdsong 
Williams remembers. 
There is nothing in the entire evening that re­ quires completion, by the boy or by anyone else. 
“ Glass Menagerie” had two tremendously, powerful forces at work in it, two hard-driving wills determined on sa­ tisfaction: mother Aman­ da. leaving her son no peace until he found a gentleman-caller for his sister; and the son him­ self, in a fury of a hurry, to escape 
Amanda’s clutches. 
Here there are no such energies at work. The tubercular painter will cough his life away and simply disappear from the play. The girl will be unable to penetrate the stupor of her man. The others will go their noisy or flighty rounds, glimpsed in passing, ephemeral, irrelevant. 

Williams’s charge. 

What is truly unthin-* kable, though, is that the? genuine perceptions, Chg characteristic and char# acteristically tantalizing inflections we do over# hear, should be so dis! gracefully served. The young writer, for in> stance, has a habit of referring to his grand­ mother as “ the mother of my mother.” That is a quite possible character trait. 

As novice Richard Al- fieri mouths the phrase, it comes out hopelessly stilted, or no more than ink on a page, merely and stubbornly quirky. 
Alfier does not act, he recites. When he agrees, during a discussion of loneliness, that “ Yes, it’s an affliction,” or when he addresses his landlady with “ May I sit down a moment? Eviction pre­ sents a problem,” we can* scarcely detect the traced of genuine Williams that* actually inhabit the lines^ 
We can only suppose that• this absurd youngster^ has been reading bad* translations from the! 
Norwegian and has be­ come mired in them. 

I NORTHSTAR EVERY DAY’TIL 1:3o P.M.-S1.5o I 

Winn* 

1:25 

3:3o I 

5:35 

7:4o 

9:45 

 lr 
Loser 
Lover 
Loudmouth 

...THE MAN 

F j S THEGnEdEST 
C W m 
J E M pc 
WJMi w 
N O R T H S T A R ...... 

"Isle 

I:, 

George C. Scott ^ inds in the Stream" 
3o-3:35-5:4o-7:45-9:5o 

■ . 
; . 
: • 
* 

PETER RMM. 
FtfvHTfflG OMG 
11:45-3:1o & 
6:35-1o:oo 
’ . 
V 
1:25-4:o5-8:15 
E L E S S 
^AMttRRRMRA 
533-o431 

I THE SENTINEL £££«] 

IS IT A PHANTOM, 
A DEMON, OR 
THE DEVIL HIMSELF? 

There’s nowhere to turn, nowhere to hide. no way to stop... 
THIS C H II 

STARRING 
JAMES BROLi 
KATHLEEN LLOY- 
JOHN MARLEY 
£g 
ELIZABETH THOMPSON 
RONNY COX 
HELD OVER! 

NORTHWEST SIX 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 

6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 

CENTURY SOUTH 

12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 

6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

CINE CINCO 

1:3o-3:3o 

5:3o-7:3o-9:3o 

SEE THE MI6HTY 6ooZIUA IN A FIGHT TO THE Of ATH 
WITH HIS BIONIC DOUBLE! 
22 MILLION AMERICANS 
DOU 
44 MILLION TIMES A DAY... 

And now America’s favorite pastime has become one of the funniest, sexiest, most entertaining motion pictures of the year. 

"American Graffiti" stars Pout Ie Mo*, Candy Cterk 

ALSO AT AZTEC-3 
STARRING 
JOSEPH BOLOGNA 
STOCKARD CHANNING 

JOHN WAYNE 
LAUREN BACALL 
“THE SHOOTIST” 

H 12:1o-2:1o-4:1o-6:1o-8:1o-1o:1o 

1:15-3:15-5:15-7:15-9:15 

 d T i i i W s ^ 11-1o-2:45-6:2o-1o:oo 

B U S " 1:15-4:5o-8:35 

S A W 
P 1 P R o | V A R S I T V | M I S S 8 o H 

'CITIZENS BANO" 8:45-12:2o 
"SHOOTIST" 1o.4o 

WHAT'S SHOWING DIRECTORY 

N O R T H W E S T S IX 

"CITIZEN'S 
BAND" 

C EN T U R Y S O U T H 6 

"THE 
GREATEST" 

"YOUNG 
FRANKENSTEIN" 

"ANNIE HALL" 

"THE CAR" 

"CITIZENS 
BAND" 

"YOUNG 
FRANKENSTEIN" 

"THE CAR" 
"NASTY 
HABITS" 
"BLACK 
SUNDAY" 
"AIRPORT 77" 
"AIRPORT 77" 

S A N P E D R O 

"YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN' 

"OLD DRACULA” 

M IS S IO N 

"Y O U N G FRANKENSTEIN” 
"OLD DRACULA" 

"LET S DO IT AGAIN” 

"UPTOWN 

SATURDAY NIGHT” 

"CITIZEN'S BAND” 
"THE SHOOTIST” 

"CITIZEN'S BAND” 
"THE SHOOTIST” 

T O W N TW IN 
"LET S DO IT AGAIN” 

"UPTOWN 

SATURDAY NIGHT” 
V A R S IT Y 
"CITIZEN'S BAND” 
"THE SHOOTIST” 

"MOONSHINE COUNTY EXPRESS" 

JACKSON COUNTY JAIL'' 

V A L L E Y HI 

’ MOONSHINE COUNTY EXPRESS 

"JACKSON COUNTY JAH’’ 

TRAIL 

‘ ‘L E T ’S DO IT AGAIN” 
“ UPTOW N SATURDAY NIGHT” 

FRED. R O A D 
MOONSHINE COUNTY EXPRESS 

"JACKSON COUNTY JAIL'' 

L A C K L A N D 

"M ISTY" 
"O R G Y O F R E V E N G E " 
"M A S S A G E PARLOR W IFE" 

— 
— 
.....a s — 
.......... 
J 

No 
So. 
Adm . 
731-7 1 BB 
Tiffs. i T c r r n 
713-7 INN 
MT & Bolti 
NCER TRACY 
KATHERINE HEF 
TODAY 1:3 o -4 :5 5 -8:25 

 a d a m 
’ s r i b 

.SPENCER TRACY KATHERINE HEPBURN 3:1o-6:35-1o:o5, 

 starting 
" G R A N D H O T E L " 

 wednesday 
"P IN N E R A T H G H T " 

' starting 
"T H IN M A N " 

 f r i d a y 
"N O R T H B Y N O R T H W E S T " 

IfMNHj iP^l firm s:] 
I mall] NORTH W I I I 
■ V i i i 

I I l d U u 41ow N fN lw ^ i U n 
W 
AT BOTH THEATRES: 12:4o-3:oo-5:2o-7:4&-1o:oo 

C I N I I T I T so t i i i 
S W Mil Dr 
IM i i Se *34-4*31 
WTT 
E K ? * 
. i THM 
SAN AN TO N IO STILL W O N'T LET IT GO ! 

JACK LEMWOtft LifGRANT (PGJ gZ 

GEORGE KENNEDY • BRENDA VACCARO 
V 

DAILY FOR THEATRE U « ___________ 
CAPACITY FOR FIRST 
* 
PERFORMANCE ONLY. 
6:oo-8:oo- 1o:oo 

Thee outrageous comedy! 
HASTY 
H A B IT S ^ 

GLENDA JACKSON 

MELINA MERCOURI 

GERALDINE PAGE 
\ ANNE JACKSON 

ANNE MEARA 
I 

SUSAN PENHALIGON 

.* NASTY HABITS" 

 m 
*•« P«.ro at Bitten I .. 
4943436 

LITS 
8:45 
12:4o 
*•* **** B»- •* Baatavaft 
414-4444 
T R A U 
O U T D O O R IH I A TRI 
UPTOWN 
1o:55 

 b f i r s M 
ITBBRN) 

UPTOWN 
SATURDAY 
NIGHT 
SIDNEY 
POTTIER 

BILL COSBY 
A n d 
HARRY 

PG J RELAFONTEy 

Prod id Se •! lee* 41o 734-71*2 
Mo4NSMNC IS , 
8 :4 5 - 12:1o 
I S S I ----- 
U 
I I I V 
H 
I 
O U T O O O . TMI A m i 

TOO Proof Women 
Runnin Shine 
Cross The 
^ County Line! 

J U I i S O V ( ( H M Y . I H I , 
YVETTE MIMEUX J p a 

RISTY 8 4 5 ,A 
OM V 1o:45 
MASSA6K 12:1o 

 p i s t i l ' m r or 
.' 
J 
H V iN O i" (X) 
Ii AWABI P Att OB nun" {X)J 

Theater is alive in S. A. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

Theater is humming this week in San Antonio with everything from bleak tragedy to light spirited comedy. 
At the Harlequin Din­ ner Theater, an original musical. The Harlequin 
Revue. opened last week. The show' is a spicy mixture of favorite mu­ sical tunes and comedy skits. 
Meanwhile, at the 
Church Diner’s Theater, the Noel Coward comedy. 

Private Lives, con­ tinues. 
The comedy, starring Kathy Couser. 
David 
Bower, 
Karen 
Jones and Danny Spear, is about a divorced cou­ ple, each of whom re­ m arry but meet each other and fall in love again on their second honeymoons. 
An outdoor musical, A 

Musical Mark Twain, is playing at the Arneson 
River theater. 
The last performance 

 of August Strindberg’s 
Miss Julie, will be pre­ sented at 8 p.m. Sunday at St. Philip’s College. 
Performances by Christa 
Carvajal and Michael 
Howard are drawing praise. 
Melodrama Theater is continuing its run of The 
Blackguard of Black- rock. 
The show is a fun-filled evening of spoofy melodrama. 

A musical about a prostitute and her stu­ dent lover, 
Irm a La 

Douce, is at the San An­ tonio Fine Arts Center. 
Two theators are.- prolenting plays for chil­ dren. 

Theater San Antonio is presenting The Princess and the Pea at 2 p.m. 
Sunday. 

And a run of The Wind 

 in the Willows continues each Saturday afternoon at the San Antonio Fine 
Arts Center. 
_________ 

B-movie makes return in the rural South 

NEW YORK - The B-movie. or what used to be called the 
‘‘supporting feature” in the days of the double-bill, did not die when the major studios cut back on their production schedules in favor of A-films, the better to compete with tele­ vision. 
The B-movie, like a large part of the rest of America, moved to the country. 
One of the more inter- ly of lhem are produced fisting phenomena in re- ;*n the S()Uth. future auth- 

MOVIES 

 w ith V in ce n t C a n b y 

NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 

ION FRI ———« 
5 3o-7:45. IMO P.M.f a r a r 
12:4o-3 oo-5 
7:4o 1o:oo t. 
NO E M . MAI¥] 
I 
I 

" R O C K Y " 
"THE WINNER 
TAKES THE 
TITLE, BUT 
THE LOSERS 
COURAGE 
IS THE 
LEGEND." 
• 
SEE IT 
N O W !! 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
BESTPICTURE 

*tw hK*atiirl4W INV¥l»4<UR.n4<1o«*T C H A T O M 
BEST 
DIRECTOR 
JOHN G AVIV OSEN 
BEST FILM 
■e d it in g 
ROCKY 

 cent years has been the survival of the low-bud- get program picture and its transformation, al­ most accidentally, into something that might be classified us the regional film. 
There are as many dif­ ferent regional films as there are regions, but 
Decause the vast majori- 

o 

 l n l t ' B l B l t ' 4 
WONDER 2 
(>i, iv bib; 

1:o5-4:3o-8:oo 

FOR THE RRST HME... 
THE VAST, SPECTACULAR 
DRAMA THAT CHANGED 
THE WORLD! 

A Filmco lnti-ni.it tonal PmductKm feVd*<1 Bv U * I 
DHnUAuv uiHli't jqinYim-nt with 

The Irwin YdMjrr. liw panv 
’and vision'1 ListmdiHohir 
-ain 1*o 

 ropologists studying these movies of the 197<Ks. could well get the idea that everything outside 
New York City and Los 
Angeles was red-neek country ruled by corrupt sheriffs and inhabited by repressed middle-aged parents of hell-raising teen-age children who left their automobiles from time to time to sleep and eat and some­ times to make love. 
It may have something o do with the popularity if couutry-and-western nusic, but I also have the mpression that even when they aren’t actually jet in an identifiable southern locale, the 
•haracters tend to speak lillbilly-ese, less to iden­ tify place of origin than to certify sincerity. 
Driveins 
These movies are the kind of movies that do best in drive-ins. 
I wonder if there might not be some kind of automa­ tic association between the movie and the drive­ in setting that enhances the action on the screen. 
Since HO per cent of the action in these films has to do with one auto­ mobile’s pursuit of an­ other, watching this while sitting in an auto­ mobile could well set up sympathetic responses. 
A quality that most re­ gional melodramas share, with each other as 

 well as with many 
B-pictures of old (and 
A-pietures, too), is a kind of mock outrage with the sort of injustices that keep their plots going 
(racial bigotry, political 
•(irruption, senseless billings), coupled with a 
I es ire to show everything in as explicit detail as is now cinematically possi­ ble. 

Another quality they share is a kind of ro­ mantic cynicism, which though not new, is much more frequently seen these days.In last year’s 
“ Jackson County Ja il,” a young Los Angeles wo­ man, while driving alone through the southwest, is held up by hitchhikers who make off with her car and all identification. 
She is later thrown into jail by the county cops when she can’t prove who she is and raped by the night guard, whom she murders in self-defense. 

The cynicism in 
“ Jackson County Ja il,” by far the most interest­ ing regional film I ve yet seen, is anything but ro­ mantic, yet it deals in the same kinds of action 
(murder, rape, extended auto chases) that .the other lesser film s are constructed of. What is the appeal of this tank- town nihilism? I ’m not sure, but films on this order are turning up with increasing frequency among the top money­ making films every year. 

I MTI-.II VIM I M - IIH v i l l i - 

BLACK 
B U N D A Y , 

W IM o 4 QW F A R K M A LL d 
M 
H 
B 
M 
H 
I 1:15-3:15 P 
5:15-7:15 $ 

W IN D SO R BAR R M A U 

1 — I Kl ■ M i l I ll 

A A t/LM HD A l IM 15 fcfj-m ; J 

4 
&OUTH R A A K M A U 

 j 1 3 3 2 2 X 1 

 r i 
. * 5 M- ii, 
, > mm . 
Citizens} 
„ 
( 
„ Band J j W ^ JggLj 

^ r a p iliW ip M H 
1:5o-4:25-7:oo-9:35 

I H M S O H ELD O V E R ! 
\ THE STARS 

W IN D SO R PA R K M A U 

S O U TH PA R K M A LL 

★ WILLIE NELSON 
★ W AYLON JENNINGS! 
★ LEON RUSSELL 

THE SONGS— THE FEELINGS— 
OF T O D A Y . SEE— 

S i hi is VMI 

 kR|STOm;RM>\ 
“A STAR 

 lo 
IS BORN”: 

I 
: 

1:3o-3:25-5:2o-7:1 5-9:1 o 

W I L L I E 

N 
E L S O 
N 
’8 

O F J U L E ! 

I 
P I C 
N 
I C iW 
K 
& 
M z 
M 
COLOR j 

L 
R 
* 

HE DRIVES THE 
FASTEST CAR 
IN THE STATE g 
SHE H A S | 
THE BEST o 
SHINE. . 
. o 
o 
PG -S £ - 
o 

" T H I B IG B U S " 
. y o u 'll just die laughingll(PG ) 

BOTH RATED X ~ 
NO BAR. MAT. OR PASSES 
“ D ELIG H T" 11:oo-2.1o-5:2o-1.35 
“ N Y M P H E T " 12 3o-3:4o-4:5o-1o:o5 

"TH I v in y 
'SWEDEN'S 
ANSWER TO 
I INDA 
LOVELACE " 

LOVELY 
LEADING LADY 
LOOKS 14 
WI TH SEE THING 
SENSUALITY'1 

 too *onn too often 

V in it a , 
® 

A s l u r d is h rn 
* 
Nymphet plus— 
IC4M8ISI HW I AMU* adult I only 

Pride 
Of the 
Stable! 

TOO Proof Women 
Runnin Shine fat 
Cross The 
County Line! 

P U i i 

Starring JOHN SAXON 
SU SAN HOWARD • WILLIAM CONRAD 
M AUREEN MCCORMICK 
PLUS 
DAVID CARRADINE in CANNONBALL 
$1.25 
TIU 
2 oo P M 
( U 
M 
CAPITAN 

XPIESS ll 2o-2 5o-4, 25-1ooo 
1:oo-4:35-8: IO 

MWY VOW A1 36 
4347351 
"EXPRESS” 8:55-12:1o 
"CANNON' 1o:35 ONLY 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 22 1977S.A. Music 

* n.* 

EMERSON, LAKE A N D PALM ER are starting a national tour they hope will put them back into the limelight. 
Emerson, Lake and Palmer try fo r comeback 

MONTREAL (AP) - Under hard greenish lights, a stage rises spider­ like on legs of aluminum and workers dart among wires like men at a moon shot. 
From their rehearsal hall in a hock­ ey arena, Emerson, Lake and Palmer are launching their biggest venture: A 
$4 million American-Canadian tour with a full symphony orchestra — a 
Cleopatra’s barge among rock and roll showboats. 
They call it com ing back in the grand style, something they had to do, a difficult and a brave statement. They also call it risking their necks. 
The tour by the British three-man barid is one of the largest and most complicated ever. It is one of the few times a band has toured with a symphony orchestra — a full-fledged, handpicked symphony orchestra, not just a bunch of tacked-on violins. 
From their opening T uesday in 
Louisville to the tour’s end in August in Montreal, more than 13o people will be on the road: The band, a 56-piece orchestra, a choir, assorted road crews, sound crews, personal assis­ tants, caterers, an accountant, a doc­ tor. 
Karate 
Percussionist Carl Palm er even is taking along his karate teacher to help him keep fit on the 38-city tour. 
“Only the circus or an ice show is more complicated. This is like moving a town,” says Michael Ahern, a tour coordinator. 
Translated into epicurean term s, 
“ the grand style” means a road show stock of Dom Perignon champagne, 
Perrier Water, lobster and other dain­ ties not locally available. 
It has been two and a half years since the world last heard from pianist Keith 
Em erson, guitarist Cireg Lake and 
Palmer. Without a record or a tour, that’s a long time in a world where if you’re hot, you’re hot and if you’re not, you’re soon forgotten. 
But they just released an ambitious two-record album called “ W orks,” hoping it will succeed like the last six albums which each sold more than a million copies. 
The grand re-entry also is a gamble because ELP is not an av erag e, finger-snapping rock and roll band. 
Theirs is a complex music, a marriage of grand piano and synthesizer that demands a lot from its audience — rock permeated by classics and clas­ sics permeated by rock. 
“This is a difficult and a brave con­ cept in music, and we’re risking our necks because we’ve gone into so much so soon with the big album and the big tour,” said Greg Lake as he indulged in a favorite pastime, Japanese food and saki at a fashionable restaurant. 
“ But we’ve got to come back and be present in the world,” he said. “ We haven't been around and at the moment we’re not hot. We’ve got to get hot again. There are slower, safer ways. But if this works, people w ill be astounded.” 
The tour has no sponsors and the band has sunk its own money into the show. An estimated 2 million people will see the tour and, if ELP are lucky, they might break even. 
“ It was necessary to come out in the grand style. We are not stinting,” says 
Palm er, listening to the orchestra rehearse and noting that each sy m ­ phonic minute costs $7o. 

Intense 

Preparations are intense — person­ ally, musically, electronically, s tra ­ tegically. 
Surrounded by the orchestra, the band seems nestled in a giant cortex of nerve endings. A space shot, mission control mood fills the arena. It relaxes when Palmer hops on his skateboard. 
During rehearsal, a tiny bounding figure in headphones and a Linda 
Ronstadt T-shirt is hemmed in on three sides by controls that look like they came from a starship. He is mix- tag the sound the band and orchestra will hear. 
He manipulates a console that blinks like an elevator panel from the Empire 
State Building. He whips off the phones and confers with two other men at smaller panels under the stage. 
In the middle of the arena at another panel stands Michael Leveille, who mixes the sound the audience will hear. A delicate business. He confers over his headphones with Godfrey Sal­ mon, conductor of the orchestra. 
Deus ex m achina, Salm on’s con­ ducting platform rises absurdly o d a 

 hydraulic lift and sways with his ba­ ton. 
The meshing of orchestra with elec­ tronics has posed the big problem. 
So as not to be drowned by the band, the orchestra must be amplified to the volume of the band. 
That often m eans individual m u­ sicians cannot hear themselves, the orchestra cannot hear itself, and sometimes the audience cannot hear the orchestra against the band. 
Conductor Salmon, a shockhaired 
Britisher with horn-rimmed glasses, a missing tooth and engaging wit, thinks earplugs may bt* one answer. 
Mike problems 
Each instrument is individually am ­ plified and has its own pickup micro­ phone. A nagging problem is where and how to attach the mikes. They were switched at least three times on the strings. 
Some first were attached with a wax which removed the finish on some old and valuable instru m en ts. Then a simple answer: Rubber bands. 
Electronics aside, Emerson, Lake and Palmer are in rigorous training for their tour. A seeming rarity among rock groups in th eir em p h a sis on health. All three exercise daily. 
Emerson also swims 5o laps. Lake runs a mile; Palmer runs three miles and practices karate. 
On tour they only will slay in hotels with complete health facilities and 
24-hour room service. 

 lh is is a difficult a n d a brave concept in m u­ sic' 

“The most precious thing you own is; yourself,” says Palmer, looking with concern at a paunchy young violinist. 
“To play well, keep up incredibly high standards and endure the long tour, you must be in top shape. 
“ You must put the best in to get the' best out.” 
Nutritionally and gastronomically, only the best goes in. They don’t eat junk food, and by their own hearty admission they relish fine food, well prepared. 
Two caterers will accompany the caravan. In each city, advance people1 are scouting out local delicacies and making a list of all two, three and! four-star restaurants. 
Tom Molder, the coordinator who did Bob Dylan’s Rolling Thunder tour, is handling ELP’s tour, from moving a union orchestra to procuring caviar. 
Every detail counts. 
Blue movies 
ELP’s personal well-being and good spirits are his p rim ary aim . For 
Lake’s comfort, he ordered a luxury bu s complete w ith tape, video systems and movies ranging from “ Jaw s” to blue movies. 
“I try to make it as easy and inter­ esting as possible,” Mohler says. “ It won’t be just one bleak hotel after an­ other. Sometimes modern glass and steel, sometimes old fashioned, some­ times fantasy. 
“I’m even trying to get tickets to a 
Cincinnati Reds game.” 
The orchestra, too, must be "vibed” from time to time, Mohler says. Maybe one day they will find T-shirts in their room. Or a bottle of champagne. 
All this commotion has one end, the. wires plug into one place. The music. 
All the stage tricks will be there: A curtain of computerized light beams, a flying piano and smoke. 
“There’s little to extract from the electronic world from a production standpoint a n y m o re,” says Lake. 
“ Everyone has done everything that is buyable or dreamupable. 
“The orchestral concept is new.” 
Educate 
Says Palmer: “ Because ELP is not an ordinary rock and roll group, we must go out and educate people. 
Because the music is complicated they don’t understand it at once. Led Zep­ pelin can do it in six weeks, it takes us 
12. 
“ A 15-year-old kid is not going to understand a piano concerto,” says 
Palmer, who like Emerson and Lake, has been schooled in the classics. “ So we try to present it in a rock environ­ ment. 
“ We’re bridging the gap of all gaps between classical and rock and roll,” says Palmer. “ It’s the ultimate am al­ gam.” 

This week’s choice of musical entertainm ent ranges from the soulful singing of Ray Charles to the melodious violins of the W inters C ham ber 
Orchestra. 
The father of rock and roll and soul, 
Ray 
Charles, will be at 
Randy’s Rodeo for a Fri­ day night concert which will begin at 8 p.m. 
During the concert, 
Charles is scheduled to dig all the way back to hits like “ What I Say; and then bring the au­ dience up to date with some of his later hits. 
Randy’s is located at 
1534 Bandera Road. 

And while the blind pianist will be pouring out the soul sounds, a little further up the road at the Beef & Bourbon 
Lounge, 1551 Bandera 
Road, 
La 
Sonora 
Estrella will be playing their lively brand of tro­ pical music. 

The band plays a var­ iety of music including the steam in g salsa sounds which are coming out of New York and 
Puerto Rica and the cumbias made famous by 
Mexico’s La Sonora San- tanera. 

La vSonora Estrella was a particularly big hit during the recent Nights 
In Old San Antonio. In fact the crowds kept the band playing past the tim e when everybody was suppossed to close up and go home. 

The band plays Thurs­ day through 
Sunday nights at the club. Tele­ phone 432-985o for cover charge prices. 

For jazz fans Austin’s 
Starcrost will be playing 
Friday at the newly reo­ pened Bijou, 41o6 San 
Pedro Ave. 

The group is currently working on its second al­ bum and has been re­ ceiving statew ide ac­ 

 claim for their original arrangements and high­ flying vocals. 

Starcrost’s repertoire includes Brazilian sam­ bas and cool bop jazz in the best tradition of 
C harlie 
M ingus and 
Charlie Bird. Telephone 
732-6o35 for cover charge prices. 

For those looking for som ething a little bit softer, but just as inter­ esting the 
Winters 
Chamber 
Orchestra will present a free con­ cert at 8 p.m. Wednesday in the Ruth Taylor Con­ cert Hall at Trintiy Uni­ versity. 

The orchestra will per­ form works by Proko- fieff, 
Beethoven and 
Haydn. 

The concert is spon­ sored by the American 
Federation of Musicians 
Local 23 of San Antonio, the Parks and Recreation 
Department, and the San 
Antonio Opera Associa­ tion. 

 in irw p i 
ORDER 
YOUR 

 kJWCdf 
T-SHIRT 
From The Express-News! 

J U S T 

ALLOW IO DAYS FOR DELIVERY 

CLUDING TAX, 
HANDLING 
& POSTAGE 
M ail to: 
Farrah Fawcett T-Shirts 
Express-N ew s 
P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, T exas 7 8 2 9 7 

Please send m e ___________T-shirts at $ 2.5 o each. 

I have enclosed $__________Please indicate size: 

SMALL □ 
M ED IU M D 
LARGE □ 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

STATE 

Selections include flo o r sa m p le s, new , u se d d e m o n strato rs, d a m a g e d and discontinued item s, N o ph one orders. All subject to prior sale, w hile they last, 
SIA VE OX 

• Furniture 

•Appliances 

• Televisions 
• Rugs 
• Home 
•Sporting Goods 
Improvements 
Tinny I ems Further llteduced 
Final Day 
Tuesday, May 31 

While quantities last! 

DOWNTOWN PLAZA STORE 

 f 
I 

It’s here! The biggest sale of the summer, with quality merchandise on sale throughout Dillard’s stores. 
You’ll find bargains in each of our departments: from housewares to sportswear; linens to lingerie; fashions for the entire family; hundreds of Dillard’s super values! 

 save 
$8 to $16! coordinates from our famous; maker collection! 
I /3 OFF 
Summertime requires super "today" fashions that meet the challenge of a busy lifestyle. Try this nifty* collection of 1oo% polyester jade, brown, and white separates; they're super fashions in sizes 8 to 18! 

$24-28 tops..............................15.99-17.991 

$25-3o skirts.............................15.99-19.99^ 

$24-3o pants...........................15.99-19.99 

$36-48jackets......................,... 23.99-31.99 
15.99 to 31.99 

Sportswear 

 save 
$3 to $8! 
O m e n ’s knit shirts 

Orig. $!o to $15. Handsome styling in comfortable, 

 polyester/cotton knit with 

 short sleeves, assorted 

 colors, styles, S-M-L-XL. 

Mon's Sportswear 

$6 to $8 off! famous label slacks 
11.99 

Orig. $18 to $2o. Slacks 

[from our most famous makers, 

 with distinctive masculine 

[styling in 1oo% polyester, 

[assorted colors and styles, 

[sizes 32 to 42. A superbuy! 
Men's Sportswear 

•{►Dillard’s 

SHOP DURING DILLARD'S SUPER SUMMERTIME SALE MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9 

 save $5 to $11! junior sportswear now at summer savings 
I /2 off 

Orig. $1o to $22. Choose from our 
/ famous maker knit separates in hot J pink, grass green, and bright blue 
/ polyester/cotton. Top, pants, shorts, 
/ A are available in sizes 5-13. S-M-L. 
/ Jpg 
Junior Sportswear / M y 

6.o1 to 11.o1 Off! sundresses: fantastic summer sunsationals 
14.99 

> 
Orig. $21 to $26. Save now on these 
I stylish sundresses in a host of nifty prints or 
( solids. Cottons or blends, they're cool, easy-care fabrics, now at a super savings for your summer enjoyment. Sizes 5-13. 

Junior Dresses 

 bwmwmbb■;»wigeac a f f - m r s v r s : : 
; 
* 
* 
* n ? . ■ r,.:-x ■ 2 * m f cotton cue k 5 eparoU i special! pantsuits, jumpsuits 

Orig. $12 to 
Polyester cot­ ton in assorted colors, styles, jr sizes 5-13, S-M-L. 

Compare at $24 to $28. Bare- back or halter style pantsuits, jumpsuits, in navy, white, yellow, khaki, with super styling, sizes 5 to 13, 

 famous maker summer sportswear at a super $3 to $5 savings! 

1.51 off! Dearfoam slippers sport a super summer price save 3.o1! luxuriously lovely satin tricot slip 

Mix and match a wardrobe from these red, white and navy coordinates of 
1oo% polyester, Sizes S-M-L. 
$9-15 tops............................5.99*9,99 
$15 pants, skirts 
......................9,99 
$9 shorts.......................................5.99 
Sportswear 

Orig. $4. We're closing out this line of comfy slippers in pink, blue, white knit with crossover pattern. 
Cool, washable, S-M-L-XL. 
Hosiery 

Reg. $9. Two seam contemporary slip with fuller skirt and edged with a dainty Val lace. White, sand, 
32-42 avg., 34-44 tall. 
Lingerie 

 here’s a special purchase! ladies’ briefs and bikinis save $1 to 1.5o! white baubles, bangles, bracelets 

Orig. $2 to §3. It's the perfect ac­ companiment for your summer wardrobe... bracelets, summery earrings, necklaces in white. 
Jewelry 

Special ladies' nylon briefs or bikinis with tailored styling, in white or assorted pastels, sizes 4 to 7, a cool, comfy purchase! 
Lingerie 

§2 to 2.51 off! bras, save 4.51 on panty girdles 
2.99 

Reg. $5. Deep plunge bra, 
32-38 B-C, softcup 32-42 B-D. 
7.5o padded or underwire 
4.99 
12.5o triple control panty 
7.99 
Foundations 

 save 49$ pr.l Softouch pantyhose superbuys 
6 .o, 2.99 
Reg. 999 pr. Choose from suntan beige or taupe in Sandalfoot or demi-toe styles and save! In sizes petite, average and tall. 
Hosiery 

 save $4! famous maker cotton dusters for summer 
7.99 

Orig. $12. Cotton blend dusters just perfect for summer, have zip or snap front styling, choice of 3 collar styles, in prints. 
Lingerie 

 save $4 on short cotton gowns in summery prints 
5.99 
Orig. $1o. Soft cotton blend gowns are lace-trimmed, pretty prints in 6 different styles. Easy-care in sizes 
S-M-L. 
Sleepwear 

PICK A CARD: MASTER CHARGE, BANKAMERICARD, OR DILLARD'S WHEN YOU SAY "CHARGE IT" AT DILLARD'S 

 a,:,... 

»*Sgsj*»!a*8a^^ 

 save $3 to $6! t-shirts from our famous maker sportswear collection k l mmmm7.r~' f: 
6.99 „ 1o.99 

Orig. $1o to $17. They're super tees... in cool, ready for summer polyester/ cotton, assorted colors and patterns in plain and fancy styles, S-M-L. Tee-rific! 
Sportswear 

 special! ladies’ “now fashions”... stylish calcutta cloth pants 

Compare at $15. It's crisp, cool calcutta cloth, the easy-care fabric with sensational styling in polyester/cotton, super smart colors of natural, red, green, yellow and blue. 8-18. 
Sportswear 

 sale! 

$5 to $15 off! ladies’ wigs in today’s styles! 

4.99 ,o 9.99 

Orig. $1o to $25. Treat yourself to a stylish new look with a 1oo% modacrylic wig in flattering natural shades. 
Milinery 

:V 

 pick a pantsuit in 2-piece or 3-piece styles for super summer buys! 
19.99 

Compare at $28 and $36. 
Choose from a lovely selection of specially priced pantsuits in polyester/ knits, navy, red, white, natural, green or blue fashion tones. 8-2o. 
Dress Shop 

 save $12 on ladies’ 
2-pc. pantsuits! 
35.99 

Reg. $48. They're perfect for sum­ mer with short sleeves, in assorted colors, easy-care polyester, sizes 8-18. 
Dress Shop 

 sale! 

 save 1.51 to 8.o1! famous maker purse accessories 

2.99 to 9.99 

Orig. 4.5o to $18. Genuine leather with famous maker styling in an assortment of fashion colors, styles. 
They're super accessories! 
Handbags 

Keep a cool head... this nifty visored cap, in natural or bright colors, pro­ vides protection from the summer sun, fashionably. 
Millinery 

Orig. $11 to $13. Choose from a lovely selection of practical and pretty urethane handbags in white, bone, camel and black, 
Handbags 

 special! sun shadings, a fashion ad-visor-y pick from a passel of purses and save $3 to $5! 
5.1o off! Viner Big Cats, ladies’ casual shoes 
12.9o 

Reg. $18. They're Big Cats in soft, pliant leathers with plantation crepe soles, in tan, cherry, taupe, brandy. 
5-1o. 
Women's Shoes 

 special! rabbit trimmed double-breasted pant coat 
59.99 

Belted, in wool blends, this grey or camel coat sports a fashionable rabbit trim and double-breasted styling. 6-16. 
Coats 

CENTRAL PARK, 341-5151; MILITARY PLAZA, 924-8511; WINDSOR PARK, 654-3131 

 i . 
* 
» 

 save $46! famous label vested polyester suits for the man on the go 

Reg. $155. Choose from solids, stripes and plaids in 1oo% polyester; grey, blue, brown, tan and navy, all with handsome styling. 
Jackets have two buttons, center back vent; vests are 5-buttoned with resse pockets. 
36-46 reg., 4o-46 long. 

Men's Clothing sale save 5o%! leather wallets and belts 
1/2 Off 

1oo% leather with famous maker styling! Assorted styles, colors. 
8.5o belts..................................3.99 
$6-12.5o wallets................. $3-6.25 
Men's Furnishings 

 sale! 

3o% off! men’s shorty pajamas 
6.99 

Reg. $1o. Permanent press in cool, polyester/cotton, some fancies in assorted colors, styles, sizes A, B, C, 
D. Buy now and save 3.o1! 
Men's Furnishings 

 super purchases! men s short sleeve dress shirts at summertime sale prices 
*15 or 7.99 each 

Compare at $12 to $15. They're perfect for summer... famous maker polyester/cotton dress shirts in assorted colors and patterns. 14V2-17V2, 

$2 to $11 off! men’s famous label ties 

Reg. 6.5o to $15. Stylish men's ties of 1oo% polyester or silk in solids, stripes, abstracts, handsome traditional patterns. 
Men's Furnishings 

 save §7 to $11! men’s shirts, slacks, shorts 

Shirts, orig. $16*$18 7.99 

Choose from an assortment of solids, stripes with fashion styling in sizes S-M-L-XL, 32-4o. 

$24 slacks 
12.99 
$16 shorts 
8.99 
Men's Sportswear 

 sale! 

2o% to 3o% off! boys’ knit shirts 
3.99 

Orig. $5 to $6. Blue, red, brown and green polyester/cotton knits from our famous maker of quality sportswear, in boys' sizes 8-2o. 
Boys' 

 here’s a treasury of famous maker super separates for your special little ladies and lassies 

A. For infant boys and girls there are jumpers, bubbles, sunsuits, shortalls, shirts and shorts in assorted styles, colors, sizes 
6 mo. to 24 mo. Slightly irregulars. - 

 lf perfect, 1.89 to 4.75 1.19,o 2.49 

B. Tank tops, short sleeve shirts and boxer waist shorts are pefect for exploring life in and your toddlers will look terrific in these in these super colors and styles, sizes 2 to 4. Slightly irregulars. 

 lf perfect, 1.89 to $3 1.19,o 1.79 

C. Here's a perky assortment of famous maker knit tops and shorts for your lovely little lassies in summery colors. Slightly irregular in young girls' sizes 4-6X. 

 lf perfect 2.79 to 4.5o 1.79,o 2.49 

D. For your little dynamo, there's a powerhouse of fashion! 
Boys' slightly irregular woven shorts, short sleeve knit shirts, sleeveless tank tops in polyester/cotton, sizes 4 to 7. 

 lf perfect 2.69 to 4.5o 1.79,o 2.99 

SHOP DURING DILLARD'S SUPER SUMMER TIME SALE MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9 

 save $4oo! 
Brookwood queen-size sleeper and love seat / 

 save $5o! Dixie 4-piece contemporary oak 
/ ^ bedroom l_ ensemble 

Reg. $749. Solid wood in oak parquet finish, contemporary styling. 
Optional night stand reg, $129............. $1o9 ii di] I' HW. i m al :l {“'I 

Reg. $899, Thick jacquard ll .§ 
^ weave, traditional styling; choose from two decorator \ fjJt * A VI Bf ^ rn 

 colors...reversible cushions 
^ 
\ and loose-pillow back 
*€ •* v A s V ?W £ 

 bolster, popup TV head rest 

 and roomy queen size sleeping area make this sleeper sofa and matching loveseat a lovely purchase. 

Furniture 

 save $77! ifs the Port-O-Call bedroom ensemble for boys 

Reg. $576. Here's the perfect grouping for your active young men it's made of sturdy, solid wood with handsome oak finish, 

Set includes bunk beds, dresser and mirror, and can be added to from our open stock collection. All other pieces are on sale at similar savings. Bedding not included. 

Furniture 

Lewittes occasional super purchase! chairs $4o to $5o offl 
*99 

Reg. $129 to $149. Choose from five high or low back styles in celery, gold, amber, rust and doeskin; velvets and corduroys. 
Furniture 

Action recliners 
*199 

Reg. 249.95. It's the leather look recliner by A ction with handsome d e co ra to r styling, quality construction, in vinyl. 
Furniture 

Bentwood rockers 
*99 

Reg, $159. Choose from two lovely styles: walnut finish or natural rattan, with hand-woven seat and back. 
Furniture 

 ceramic table lamps 
24.99 

Compare at $4o. Ginger jar, milk- can or bean pot styling in brown, yellow or beige. 29W tall with white pleated shade. 
Lamps 

CENTRAL PARK, 341-5151; MILITARY PLAZA, 924-8511; WINDSOR PARK, 654-3131 

* I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977- 

 save 171.8o! Fisher stereo system with built-in recorder tape 
$288 

Fisher MC 3o2o receiver, 7 watts per channel minimum RMS at 8 ohms from 6o to 15,oo Hz with no more than 
o.1% total harmonic distortion. 
Fisher high fidelity cassette tape deck records from tuner, records or live with included microphone. 
BSR precision record changer has balanced tone arm and cueing control, Fisher wide range 2-way speaker systems 

FISHERS 

 special! 
5-shelf etagere 
18.88 

Five-shelf etagere of durable plastic adds a decorative touch to any room in the house. White or yellow. 76 x 32 x ll". 
Housewares 

12-pc. Revere cookware set 
64.88 

 lf purchased in open stock, 
$112. Copper clad stainless steel set with 3 saucepans and 9 other essentials. 
Housewares 

 save 4o.95 on heavy-duty 
Maytag, the washer you can depend on! 
$289 

Reg. $329.95 
Maytag deluxe washer is built to last longer and need fewer repairs. 
Features 3 water level and temperature selections, permanent press cycle and two-years parts and labor warranty at Dillard's. 
Appliances es. 
MAYTAG 

 special! drip coffeemaker 
18.88 

P r o c t o r - S i l e x l O - c u p d r ip coffeemaker makes 2 to IO cups of coffee quickly. Easy to use and easy to clean. 
Housewares 

 save 39.95! Eureka deluxe cleaner 
99.95 

Vacuum and tools, reg. 139.9o. 
Eureka deluxe model has 6-way 
Dial-A-Nap® and headlight. Price includes 6-pc. tool set. 
Housewares 

 special! 4 qt. ice cream maker 
21.95 

Proctor-Silex 4 qt. electric ice cream maker is the fast, conve­ nient way to make delicious ice cream. Free recipe book. 
Housewares 

 save 39.95! Eureka vacuum cleaner 
69.95 

 vacuum, reg. 89.95 tools, reg. 19.95 total value 1o9.9o 

Eureka upright model features 6-way Dial-A-Nap®, 
Edge Kieener® and disposable dust bag. Sale price includes 6-pc. attachment set. 
Housewares 

 special! 
52-pc. stainless set 
9.99 

Set includes 8 each of knives, salad forks, dinner forks, ice tea spoons, 
16 teaspoons and 2 tablespoons. 
Three patterns. 
Housewares 

 special! crystal clear glassware 
5.99 

Your choice: set of 8 "on the rocks," 
12 oz., 15 oz,, wine glasses or set of six goblets. 
Matching 65 oz. pitcher 
3.99 
« 
Glassware 

 save $5 to $1o! picture frames 
6.99 

Comp. $12 to $17. Wood frames in sizes 5x7", 6x8", 8x1o", 9x12" or 
11x14". Also, six larger sizes, comp. $18 to $25..................................... 1o.99 
•Pictures 

 save $35! Webster’s unabridged dictionary 
24.95 

Orig. pub. at 59.95. Webster's newly-revised unabridged dictionary. 
Over 32o,ooo entries and 16 full color maps, 
Books 

 special value! 
45-pc. stoneware set 
49.99 

Stoneware set by International has eight 5-pc. place settings and a 
5-pc. completer set. Three patterns, all dishwasher safe. 
China 

PICK A CARD: MASTER CHARGE, BANKAMERICARD, OR DILLARD'S WHEN YOU SAY “ CHARGE IT" AT DILLARD'S 

San Antonio1o EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 22 1977 

— 
— ^ rrzzr ~— 
I ' y 

Paqe • 
7-J 

|§g pMNMNMK NWWMMMMMMM 
WMSMIHMNtMMMIilW 
HWiWWWWI* 

Plllilil!Wi#ISiS8Bl8IW 

; S V S ^ S W W ^ v '^ s iX ' 

& W W # W W W * j« M i8*»WFie<: SSS 
■— , , x< * ' " 1 ' IMM i 

 our entire collection of beautiful Croscill draperies, bedspreads, accessories and curtains, now at super savings! 
2o% Off 

Draperies in a wide selection of decorator colors and fabrics, from sheers to antique satins, all 2o% off. 

Bedspreads, quilted and padded with Kodel® polyester fiberfill, in all sizes, coordinated to match draperies, 

 m 
. • • Sr -~T " r 
'TI'~'T ‘ 
'» 
V 

* Curtains for every room in your home in the fashion colors and styles you'll love, accessories too. 

* Everything here and more at 2o% off! Most popular sizes in stock. For others, please allow 4 to 6 weeks. 
Draperies 

 save $11 on handsome 
45-pc. ironstone 
38.88 

Reg. 49.99. Ironstone 45-pc. set includes eight 5-pc. place settings plus a 5-pc. completer set. A great value! 
Housewares 

5 ^ ’ . \ v J 9 ; 
*' J h f V - A ' 

 y r 
*v; 

-7^ w 
I i4^ jfflynsEL^ 

 save $1o! king-size 
Wamsutter comforter 
34.99 

Reg. $45. "Sweet Pea" comforter is king-size with multi-color floral design. Made of polyester cotton, machine wash and dry. 
Linens 

 special! 
Towle sterling 
4o% off 

Reg. 17.5o-5235 . . . . 1o.5o-$141 
Save on all active patterns and pieces of Towle sterling flatware. 
Good through Saturday only. 
Silver 

52-pc. stainless in 3 patterns 
29.99 

Set includes 8 each dinner forks, knives, salad forks, soup spoons, 16 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons, butter knife, sugar spoon. 5 styles. 
Silver 

 save 46% to 5o%! famous maker queen or king percale sheets 

$13 queen or $16 king, flat or fitted 

$7 std. pillow cases (pr.) 
$8 king pillow cases (pr.) 

Save on Wamsutta's® floral design "Sweet Pea" or 
Springmaids® beige and brown 
"Derby Stripe." Both are no-iron percale. 

Linens 

 special! luxurious 
“Lustre” towels by Fieldcrest 
2.99 

 bath towel, $7 if perfect 

Hand, if pert. 4 .5 o .......................1.99 
Wash, if pert. 1.7o.......................... 1.19 
Fingertip, if perf. 1.85.....................1.19 
Tub mat, if perf. $9.......................3.99 
Bath sheet, if perf. 13.5o............6.99 

Luxurious terrycloth towels have slight imperfections which will not affect their beauty or wear. Solid fashion colors. 

Linens 

CENTRAL PARK, 341-5151; MILITARY PLAZA, 924-8511; WINDSOR PARK, 654-3131 

 save a giant 51o.7o on Marrantz, Garrard stereo system 
«599 

... 549 95 
. . . 1 5 9 85 
. .^399,9o pr. 
11o9.7o 

Marantz 225oB Receiver— 
Garrard 775M turntable....... 
Marantz Imperial 18 speakers lf purchased separately 

 wmmmm rn*mn mn M rn. 
225oB Receiver 
AM/FM stereo receiver, 5o watts per channel, minimum RMS at 8 ohms from 2o Hz to 
2 o ,o o o Hz, no more than o.25% total harmonic distortion. 

775 M Turntable 

New low-mass J-shaped tone arm, dynamically counterbalanced. Syncro-lab motor, anti-skating control. Sure M-93E cartridge. 

 wmmmmm+mm mm W'rn. Imperial 18 Speakers 
Features 1-12" woofer, I-4V2" mid-range, 1-3” tweeter, frequency response, 3o-2o,ooo Hz, 
23V2"xl4 V2"xll". weight, 28 pounds. 
Stereos 

 save §31 on black and white 
AC/DC MGA television 

 reg. 
129.95 $99 

• Built-in UHF and VHF antennas 
• Earphone gives you private listening 
• Car cord for DC operation included 
• Weighs only 17.3 pounds 

12” diagonal screen 
1oo% solid-state chassis 
Instant picture and sound 

Televisions 

 free icemakerwith Amana 
18.2 cu. ft. Stor-Mor® refrigerator 
$518 

 reg. 
$559.95 

This Amana Stor-Mor® refrigerator is completely Free-O-Frost with no 

 defrosting of any kind. The zero-degree freezer has 4.2 cu. ft. capacity, 

 fast freezer shelf, ice trays and ice bin. 3 position control saves energy. 

White or colors. All this plus a free $59 icemaker for this low price! 

Appliances 

' N 

I i - ' ' 
Dillard’s 

NORTH, CENTRAL PARK; NORTHEAST, WINDSOR PARK; SOUTH, MILITARY PLAZA 
A m a n a 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
Page 
I - 

WHAM 
MJI 
Dresses and 
Pantsuits at fantastic savings of 

. ' . *71% from our Spring ’76 General catalog 
99 
Sold for 
$8.44 to $12 3 

Sold for 
$13.88 to $21 

One-time offer...Big 8-F1. Oz. 
Chantilly® by Houbigant 
Eau de Cologne 

A great summer head-to-toe ^3 2 

Sold for 
$22 to $32 9" 

 fragrance fling. Now at a special reduced price. 

In our Cosmetic Departm ent 

8-F1. Oz. 
Special purchase 

Sears 

While Quantities Last! 
Sale prices good thru May 31st 

A sale you can’t afford to miss! Our collection of dresses and pantsuits ... now magnificently re­ duced! Select from a big range of colors, fabrics and styles. Misses' and Half sizes. 

In our Dress Departm ent 

Where America shops 
THIS AO is OI K W ORO 

- 
"- - "“1 
_ 
. . 
. 
, 
I i i . backed Ii. Sears Ads erlising Polit s which si***.no*m en ANoco 
Satisfaction Guaranteed require* ad.erased .urn lo («■ sup or Your Money Back ported in each .lo re v\.iii sufficient mer. 
I bandi se . . . lf we should run out of an. re- 

(lured pelted item during the sale. im will re­ order for iou at the salt prier T his does not appli to speiial p u n hast-, d earam * and 
(foseout sales where quantities are lim ited 

Dunn towti Plaza Store 
Soledad al Navarro 
Moo. anti Tlturs. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton lid. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Poop 4 1 o 
Mon. thru Nat. 
9:3o-9 

 r 

Tank-tops, Halter-tops, 
Bare-midriff tops, Camisole to] 

Your Choice 
_ 99 

• R ibbed and smooth knits in solid colors and stripes. 
• T e x tu re d polyester knits in stripes, checks, solids. 
• C o tto n and polyester woven blends in solid colors. 
• Ju n io r sizes S, NI, L. m 
B m b Each 

W hil*- Ouunlilit1" l.a»t! 
Sold for $ 3 .S S to $ 4 .9 7 

Sears 

T 
Cool sportswear for a hot summer 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M ay 22 1 9 7 7 

• Tops • Shorts • Skirts 

39% to 7o% off! 

 from our Spring ’76 General Catalog 

Your Choice 

• C rin k le-tex tu red , sem i-sheer gauze of p o ly e ste r an d cotton. S trip e s, solids with em broidery trim. 
• Pinafore tops with embroidery trim 
• B a r e - m id r if f s h irts wi t h m u ltic o lo r em broidery trim. Long sleeve style. 
• Acetate and nylon knit shirts in a scenic print. Long sleeve style. 
• Junior sizes 5 to lo. 

SKIRTS 
Sold for $8.99 to $9.97 

• P opular draw string skirt of woven poly­ ester and cotton poplin. Pull-on, 1-gore style with 2 pockets. 
• Pre w ashed denim , button-front skirt. 
Back yoke, 2 back patch {lockets. Brass metal buttons. 
• Junior sizes 5 to 15. 

Not all styles available in all sizes. 
Shop Early Limited Quantities 

C H A R G E IT on Sears 
Revolving 
Charge 

BIG TOPS, SHIRTS 
Sold for $5.97 to $9.97 

Sold for $4.97 to $9.97 
FASHION SHORTS 
Sold for $4.97 to $6.97 

• C otton denim with frayed legs 
• Brushed cotton denim with big pockets; contrast topstitching 
• C rin k le -tex tu re d polyester a n d cotton with draw string waist 
• P olyester double-knit styles in solids and colorful plaids 
• Ju n io r sizes 5 to 13 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 22 1977 

Sears 

41% to 52% off! 
Swimwear 
o 9 9 
o 9 9 

Sold for 
Sold for 
$12414 
$17419 
• 2-pc. styles 
• Tunic styles 
• Checks 
• Prints, solids 
^ 
• Sizes 12 to 18 
Not all styles available in all sizes 
Shop Early... Limited Quantities 

Maternity Wear 
V2-Price from our Spring ’76 General Catalog 
Regular $5 to $13 
• Tops • Pants 
• Shorts • Swimwear 

Shop early for hest selection. G reat assortm ent fabrics, colors and styles to choose from. 
Maternity 
Coordinates 
2o% off! 
Regular $5 to $9 
• Tops • Shorts • Pants 

M ix-and-M atch for several different o u tfits. All in easy-care fabrics for sum m er comfort. 

• In our M aternity Shop 

Sale prices good thru May 3oth 

Misses’ and Women’s Summer 
Sportswear 
SAVE 
25% .o 66% 

 from our Spring ’76 General Catalog 

25 % to 66 % off! 
Shorts 

Sold for $3.99 to $6.99 

• 1oo% Polyester knit walker shorts in solids and checks 
• 1oo% cotton denim short-shorts with contrast stitching 
Misses’ sizes 8 to 2o 

4o % to 66 % off! and Shirts 
99 
Sold for f 
. Sold for 
$3.99-$5.99 
Jm m d $4.99 $8.99 
K n it lo p s in tank, t shirt and pull-on styles. 
S tripes, solids in cotton-blends. 
Sizes S,M,L. 
S h irts in short sleeve and sleeveless styles. 
Cotton-blends in prints and checks. 
Sizes 8 to 2o. 

4o% to 66% off! 
Polyester knit 
Pants 

Sold for $4.99 to $8.99 
99 
Wovens and knits 

 sold for $9.99 to $17 
• 1oo% Polyester 
• Nylon 
• Solids 
• Patterns 
• Misses’ and women’s sizes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M ay 22 1977 

Save 
32% to 36% 
Lace patterned shapers 
... let your clothes 

I 
I 
I look great on you I 

Sale prices good thru May 3oth 

• Softly molded shaped seat and elasticized center hack seam gently lift, round and de­ fine derriere in a natural-looking way 
• Powernet body of nylon and Lycra® span- dex helps give important, all-over control 
• Self fabric front panel aids in additional tummy control 
• Comfortable to wear 
• White or beige 
• Sizes S-M-L 

In our Figure Shop 

Knee length 
$1 1.88 iii I‘>7o catalog 

Slack 
Com panion 
$ 1 3 .8 8 in 1976 catalog 

4 " 
Brief 
J L panty 
$ 7 .8 8 in 1976 catalog 
$ 1 o .8 8 in 1976 catalog 

Charge it on Sears Revolving Charge 

Nylon panties 

Briefs 11 ip-huggers Bikinis 
Your Choice 
$1 for 
JL 

S c a r s regular low price 

Neatly tailored panties with a cotton lined crotch. 
Assorted colors. Briefs: sizes 5-7, Hip-huggers, bikinis: sizes S-M-L. 

Extra-sized brief ( 8 - 9 ) ............. 2 for 1.3o 

In our lingerie and At-Home-Wear Shop 

San Antonie EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday May 22 I 977 
Page 

Sears 

Save 2o% 
Legtricity hosiery 

Sale prices good thru May 28th 

Regular $9 

On-the-go travel totes and organizer bags have got what it takes to keep up with every move, roomy pockets, zippered compartments, shoul­ der straps . . . both in easy care vinyl. 

In our Accessories D epartm ent 

Knee-liighs 

R egu lar 2 pairs 99e 
• 
^ pairs 

Panty hose 

Regular 99c 

Choose no-seam or all-nude panty hose, both in sheer fash­ ionable shades for Petite, Average or Tall sizes. Sandalfoot knee-highs with non-binding comfort top are available in two sizes: 8^-11, or fuller leg 9-12. Fashion colors. 
Fuller figure panty hose: Reg. $1.39 Sale 1.o9 

In our Hosiery Department. 

CHARGE IT on Sears 
Revolving 
Charge 

Save 2 2 °/» 

 on-the-go... travel totes and organizer hags 

 billie-packed 

% % 

■* 

45-in. Angel Skin polyester and cotton prints 

Sew coordinates, blouses. Color-cued to 
Chino Vino™ solids 
Sale 

Regular $1.99 

 i im 

 aft 

* 8 s ’ 

U> 

& * 

 r Jr 

44-in. Chino Vino' polyester and cotton solids 
197 
S a l e I yard 

Regular $2.79 

Make sportswear. 
Color-cued to Angel Skin prints. 

45-in. 1oo% cotton shim m er prints and solids 

Sale 
47 yar 

Regular $1.99 

W hip up soft-look sportswear. 
W ide, wide selection. 

Early Bird 
SPECIAL 

7o-in. polyester and cotton 
Sheeting 
| 97 
JL yard 

6o-in. polyester and cotton textured-stripe double knits 
97 
Sale J. yard 
Regular $2.99 

For today’s sport looks. 
C urrent sum m er solids. 

45-in. polyester and cotton yarn- dyed seersucker plaids and stripes. 
Sears regular low price $1.87 yard. 

CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving Charge 

6o-in. polyester double knit whites and pastels 

 yard 

Sears regular low price 

Perma-Prest* fabric for separates. 

45-in. polyester and cotton blend sheer sum m er fabrics. Sears regular low price, $1.37 yard. 

Sale prices good thru iVlay 31st. 

San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— 
Sunday M ay 22 I 977 

Budget Shop all first quality fashions for 
Misses' Juniors and Women ™ on-duty white... looking right soil-resistant uniforms 

Zip-front, big pockets... dress uniform 

Sears regular low price 

• Easy-care polyester knit 
• Short-sleeves, pockets, zip-from 
• Misses’ sizes 1o-2o, Juniors’ 5-15, 
Half-sizes 14! 7-24 4 

Charge It on Sears Revolving Charge 

3o^ 
Off 

 dress uniforms 

 pantsuit uniforms 

Q79 

 regular $14 

87 

 regular $17 

• 1oo% Avlin® polyester with soil-release finish so that stubborn stains and oils wash out easily • Professional styling • 
W hite • M isses’ sizes come IO to 2o, Jr. sizes 5 to 15, Half sizes 14 f/2 to 2 4 !/2. 

AH sale prices good thru May 3oth 

M erchandise on ibis page not av ailab le al Valiev Hi o r B an d era Md. S iu rrs 

 white pantyhose 

 pair regular 59* 

• lOO'i nylon • Run-resistant leg 
• Ultra-sheer • Opaque panty 
• One size lits 95-15o lbs. 
Extra sizes, fits 15o-2oo lbs. 
Regular 89* pair .................................... 69* 

Q U 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
Page o-n 

IMPORTED SPORT SHOE 

It V t t on family casuals with NEW wrap-around sole 

R eg. *13.99 m en's, w om en's, boys* ren s 

,ine<l. padded longue; l»lit leather eyelet band 

CHARGE IT on Sears 

Revolving Charge 

RKH • YELLOW • BLUE • GREEN 

Sears 

SEARS, R O tB l ( K A N D CO Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

• The Shoe Place 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thur,. 9:3o-9 
AU other days 9:3o-6 

C hoice o f split suede with colorful nylon or white vinyl uppers 

Sale prices good thru May 28th 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

S u n d a y 
Expr<»K!S-S>wK 
SWC shootout 

SPORTS 
Cook challenge; 

Page I -S 
H 
May 22 1977 
He’s a Slew-per horse 

I 

BROWN 
SALAZAR 

Hip ll p i * 4 

SANCHEZ 
BLAIR 
PUENTE 
GONZALES 
MENCHACA 

W T 

KINCAID 
WILLIS 
GUSMAN rn 
Brown leads stars 

By HARRY PAGE 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

Third baseman Hick Brown of 
Holmes is the only unanimous selection on the 
 tv baseball team. 

Brown, catcher Albert Briseno, and shortstop T erry Salazar of M arshall are the only repeaters on the 18-man unit. Second baseman Charlie Bonete made the team in 1975 blit not last year. 
Ir I 
K incaid of 
Roosevelt was select­ ed the Coach of the 
Year in a narrow vote over Haul Zam ora of 
Jefferson and Denny 
Ivey of Marshall. Ro­ bert Zamora of South 
# \ W 
: San finished fourth. 
K 
K incaid led the 
_ 
Rough Riders to their 
PAGE iirst district baseball title this season. The 24-year-old 1975 
University of Houston graduate is in his first year at Roosevelt. The former 
Lee s ta r led M arshall to a d istric t crown in 197(1 in his initial coaching season, before moving to Roosevelt. 
The All-City baseball team was cho­ sen by the Express-News sports staff from the individual nominations of lo­ cal coaches. The selections were based on regular-season performances. 
O u tfie ld e r B illy M o n te m a y o r of 
E dison, P u en te, and S ala za r c a m e within one vote of being unanim ous choices. 
Jefferson places three players on the 

1977 EXPRESS-NEWS 
ALL-CITY BASEBALL TEAM 

Infielders 

Name, school, class, position 
ALBERT BRISENO, South San, sr., c ..................... 
5-9 
I 5o 
RAY CORBETT, Clemens, sr., c - d h ........................ 
6-o 
185 
RONNIE GONZALES, Holy Cross, sr., d h 
6-o 
16o 
DAVID POLLOCK, Central Catholic, sr., l b . . . 
6-4 
185 
CHARLIE PUENTE, St. G e r a r d ’s, jr., 2 b ................ 
5-7 
155 
RICK BROW N, Holmes, sr., 3 b ............................. 
6-1 
18o 
TERRY SA LAZAR, Marshall, sr., ss........................ 
6-1 
19o 

O utfielders 

BENNY SILVA, Jefferson, s o p h ............................. 
5-7 
14o 
FRANK DE LA G A R Z A , South San, sr................... 
6-1 
175 
BILLY M O N T E M A Y O R , Edison, jr........................... 
5-1o 175 
RICK BLAIR, Southwest, sr...................................... 
5-11 
165 

Hgt. Wgt. B-T AB 
L-R 53 27 19 
R-R 85 21 
35 
R-R 92 29 37 
L-R 79 25 27 
L-R 63 24 28 
R-R 83 
18 27 
S-R 88 22 35 

H 2b 3b HR RBIs Avg. 

R-R 
R - R 
R-R 
R-R 

87 
8o 
77 
6 2 

3o 
21 
16 
18 

28 
31 
31 
25 

I I 
33 
32 
36 
8 
2o 
25 

14 
28 
18 
I I 

.358* 
.4 1 2 
.4o2 
.342 
.444 
.325 
.398x 

.3 2 2 * 
.388* 
.4o3 
.4o3 
Pitchers 

Hgt. Wgt. 
T 
IP 
BB 
SO 
H 
R 
ER 
ERA 
W 
L 
5-8 
165 
R 
115 
44 
136 
59 
32 
16 
o.97 
IO 
5 
6-o 
17o 
R 
8o 
37 
1o3 
33 
21 
14 
1.23 
IO 
Tx 
5-7 
15o 
L 
129 
29 
13o 
8o 
—— 
8 
o.43 
12 
5 
5-8 
145 
R 
84 
25 
65 
28 
14 
14 
1.17 
IO 
I X 
5-9 
18o 
R 
74 
49 
64 
45 
23 
12 
1.14 
IO 
I X 

Nam e, school, class 
JESSE SANCHEZ, Ken nedy, sr.............................. 5 
ROD WILLIS, Marshall, sr......................................6-o 
DAVID G U S M A N , Holy Cross, jr.......................... 
5 
FRANK DAVA LOS, Jefferson, jr.......................... 5 
RENE MENCHACA, Jefferson, sr.......................... 5-9 x — Does not include playoffs 

COACH OF THE YEAR: Irl Kincaid, Roosevelt. 
II ONO HA ULI: >1 EXT IO \ 

CATCHERS: Mike Haqen, (ole Willie Frontzen, 
Marshall; Scott Huntsman, Judson, Andy longorio, Southside; Eddie Klemfelder, Roosevelt; Mike Jendrusth, Houston PITCHERS: Enc Guendulay 

 and Freddy Medina, Lanier; Terry Raley, McCollum; Jamie Martin, MacArthur; Paul (ompolo, Holmes,- David Tolam antei and Carl Spear, Roosevelt; Ricky Garcia, South San Antonio, Joy 

Moose, Marshall; Carlos Sanchez, Harlondale; Rick Blair, Southwest; Steve Haberstroh, Judson FIRST BASEMEN: Mike Rives, Edison; Bobby Kohler, MacArthur, Charlie Meuth, St Gerord s, 

Ricky LaFosse, South San West, Bubba Moeller, Automan: Freddie Trevino, Jefferson; Alfred Munoz, Holmes; Buzzy Nelson, Churchill 
SECOND BASEMEN: Isaac Martinez, Edison; Joey 

Monier, Central THIRD B A S E M E N : Glen Hill, East Central, Don Melon), Roosevelt; Joe Kraw czyk, Cole. SHORTSTOPS: Bill D ittm nn, Roosevelt; Jeff Franz, Holm es; M edina and 

G uendulay, Lanier; Danny V illorreal, St. Anthony; Jerry Zom ora, Central OUTFIELDERS: Tom m y Espinozo, Lanier; Raym ond Cervera, St. Gerord s; Steve Tietze, M arshall; Dean 

David and W oody W oodruff, Jay; D ickie Rendon, Antonian; Allan Stor, South San West; Gene G uzm an, Som erset. 

I 

POLLOCK 

 f 
> i 

A 

MONTEMAYOR 

 yr if W U? ■} 
■‘ ■ 
■ * 
J 

K T 

SILVA 

ASSOCIATED WK SS 
BALTIMORE - Seattle Slow took command on the final turn and sizzled to a Preakness vic­ tory Saturday that brought him a step closer to the 
Triple 
Crown. 

'Slow took charge from C orm orant. who had battled him from the break until midway in Hie final tu rn , and reached the end of the 13-18th mile ahead of 3o-1 shot Iron Constitution. 
Hun Dusty Hun. second to Seattle Slew in the Kentucky Derby, was third and 
Cormorant was fourth. 
The time was 1:54 2-5. just two fifths of a second off the stakes and track record set by Canonero ll in 1971 
The victory on this bright, sunny day at Pimlico will send Seattle Slew into the Ju n e ll Belmont S takes with a chance at becom ing th o ro u g h b re d racin g ’s loth T riple Crown w inner. 
Secretariat was the last to do it. i i i 
1973 
The trium ph was unbeaten Seattle 
Slew’s eighth and enabled him to (Ii i- 

 j j p m t o n n m a n * r 

 rn 
W 

BRISENO 

 j g 

 r n 
4I 

'IFO 
TK*-" ^ 
1 
DAVALOS 
I ... 
* rn 

* 
*■ 
3 - 
■VT 
* 

o 
W rn 

DE LA GARZA r ii ■ ,* 
CORBETT 
Trade rumors hot 

B'Ti u m I i 

1. Seattle Slew 

2. Iron Constitution 

2. Hun Dusty Run 

4. Cormorant 

5. J.O. robin 

 ti. Sir Sir 

7. Hey Hey J .P. 

8. C ounter Punch 

9. Regal Sir 

 plicate the* feat of Majestic Prince i i i 
1989. The Prince went into the P reak ­ ness unbeaten and also made the race 
Ins eighth win, but he failed in the 
I'ii-mile Belmont. 
S eattle Slew , owned by K aren 
Taylor, beat the surprising Iron Con­ stitution, racing for the fifth straight 
Saturday, by W i lengths. Hun Dusty 
Hun was another two lengths back and 

BARRY SWITZER 

Hot 
Lott 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

San Antonio’s Thomas Lott is as good as any “ W ishbone q u a r t e r b a c k ” he h as had at 
O k la h o m a , OU coach B a r ry 
Switzer told the Express-News 
Saturday. 

“ He’s ll) times the player he was as a freshm an,” Switzer said during an in­ terview while in San Antonio to meet with O k lah o m a exes in th is a re a . 
“ Thom as is so much more confident in his own a b ility to p e r ­ form. 
“ H e’s developed to the point as a sopho­ m ore where he is as good an o p e ra to r of the m echanics of the wishbone as I’ve ever had at Oklahoma.” 
Lott, a form er Ja y standout, moved into the spotlight as OU’s starting quarterback near mid-season last fall and helped sp ark a Sooner surge which proeduced a 9-2-1 season 

See LOTT, Page HS 

 m 
, 

BROYLES 

GROSSMAN 

Theft m ark for M organ 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
CINCINNATI — Johnny Bench, Pete Rose and Dan Driessen drove in two runs apiece, and Joe Morgan broke Cincinnati’s all-time stolen base record, propelling the Reds to an 8-7 victory over the New York Mets Saturday. 
Bench ham m ered a two-run homer. Hose had a two-run single while Driessen 

& REI)'MET box$cort>, Rage SS 

 singled and doubled. The Reds stormed back to wipe out a 4-o deficit against 
Met starter Craig Swan. 
Morgan stole second twice to break his tie with Bob Besetter, who set the club m ark of 319, 84 years ago. 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

It is the time of year when the people who run NBA teams act like they are on “ Let’s 
Make A Deal.’’ 

Daily the phone wires between the 22 league cities burn with questions that all begin “ What would you say to,” “ What if,” and “ Would you take. . 
Every team is trying to improve itself, so chances are the phones around the league will grow even hotter as the June IO draft draws closer. 
Reliable sources in New York say the Spurs have received some of the most attractive offers. Los Angeles, reportedly, has offered the Spurs all three of its first round draft picks for George Gervin. 
And the Buffalo Braves reported­ ly want Larry Kenon for John Shu­ mate and other considerations. The source says K wants out of San An­ tonio. 
“ I’d rather be in San Antonio than anywhere else. 
. . than somewhere new,” said Kenon. “ Hopefully, I won’t have to exercise my no-trade clause.” 
“ T here’s so much ‘would you take-type of talk’ at this tim e of year those reports aren ’t really worth com m enting on,” said Angelo Drossos, president of the Spurs. “ I don’t want to discuss any of them. 
“ I don’t think anybody is untouchable. But you have to realize with eight gam es left in the season we were one gam e out of first place. With Jam es Silas coming back, and without having to adjust to a new coach, we should have quite an advantage. The doctors say Si should be back at full strength. 
Seeking trade 
“ We’re not aggressively seeking a trade. With that kind of team, why make trades?” 
W'hy indeed? So why did the Spurs reportedly try to trade Kenon to Phoenix for Alvan Adams, a pro­ posal the Suns turned down? 
Because unless a team wins the title, it is going to seek that something extra, that special edge. And this is where the draft comes in. 
While it is an admittedly slim college crop, there are enough players like Kent Benson and Otis Bird­ song to make the palates of some general m anagers water. 
Add the presence of numerous free agents on the open m arket, and you can figure a lot of wheeling and dealing is on the NBA horizon. 
What would the Spurs give up fqr one of the, say, first five picks in the draft? Drossos was not quite sure, but he knew what he would not surrender. 
“ I wouldn’t give up Kenon, Silas or Gervin,” he said. “ I don’t think th ere’s anyone available who could help as much as those three. 
“ And after Benson and Michael Thompson, I don’t think there’s a center as good as Goby (D ie tric h available." 
Hardship 
Thompson, a junior at the University of Minneso­ ta, has placed his nam e on the hardship list. But like any other underclassmen, he can still remove it and retain his eligibility. 
“ Of course, we’re hoping Rick Bullock develops into a backup center,” says Drossos. “ I don’t sec 

Jar Mall 

— V 
349-6464 

This w e e k in Sports 

SU ND AY 
P ro B a seb all: 
San A n to n io D o d g e rs al 
Shreveport, 2: JO p in 
College Tennis: Son Antonio College at St 
M ary's, men anti women, 2 p m. 
College B aseball: Southw est C o n fe re n ce tournam ent, Disth Polk fie ld , Austin, Texas vs Texos A&M, J p m .; Bavlor vs, winner of first pom e, /.JO p.in 
(lf B avlor loses, finois will be ployed Monday at 7:3o p m .I; McLen nan CC vs 
Texos Southmost, fa irg ro u n d s 
Pork, Seguin, I p m , (Second gam e of best of th re e series. T h ird g a m e to follow im m ediately d needed,) 
M o to rs p o rts : M o to rc y c le r a c in g , SFS 
WocewoT!, IM -HO and Somerset Rd . I p m 
M O N DA Y 
P ro B aseball: San A n to n io D o d g e rs at 
Shreveport. 7:3o p m. 
College Tennis: Trinity m en at NCAA Team 
Tennis Tournament, Athens, Ga. 
High School Baseball: AA P layoff, Cote vs. 
Medina Valley. Inseimann fie ld , 8 p m . 
TU ESD A Y 
Pro B a seb all: San A n to n io D o d g e rs at 
Shreveport, I JO p.m. 
College Tennis: Trinity men af NCAA 
Team 
Tennis Tournament, Athens, Go 
GOM; E n try d ea d lin e to r W om en s C ity 
Am ateur Golf Tournament. 
High School Baseball: AA AA Playoff, M ar shall vs 
Roosevelt, BAC, 7 3o p.m . (F irs t tidm e of best of three s e rie s ); AA P layoff, 
George west of Kenedy, 7 p m (F irs ! gam e of bW f at three series). 
W E D N E S D A Y 
P ro B aseball: 
San A n to n io D o d g e rs al 
Shreveport, 7 3o p m. 
College Tennis: Trinity men at NCCA Team 
Tou rn am ent 
Athens, G o ; 
SAC m en and warn en at Galveston Tournam ent 
High School Baseball: AAAA Playoff 
M ar shall vs. Roosevelt. Northsidc. 4 p.m 
(Second gome of best of three s eries); AA Playoff. Cole a f M edina Valley. 8 p m. (Second gam e of bes! of three series). 
Pro Wrestling: M unicipal A uditorium , 8 3o cm, 
TH U R SD A Y 
‘P ro B aseball: 
San A n to n io D o d g e rs at 
S^fteveport. 7:3o p m 
’ College Tennis: 
SAC m en and wom en af cjdiveslon Tournament, 
High School Baseball 
AA Playoff. Kenedy a l George West. 5 p.m . (Second g am e OI hest of three series) 
.College Track 
N A IA n a tio n al m eet 
Ar 
Katie I ohio. Ark. 
F R ID A Y 
.-College Tennis 
Trinity m en of NC a a in ­ dividual Tournament, Athens. Ga 
College Trock: N A IA n a tio n a l m eet Ar xodelphia, Aik 
S A TU R D A Y . 
Pro Baseball: Tulsa at Son Antonio Dodgers 
/Vin p.m. 
College Tennis. T unity men a t N C A a Tour itffrneni Athens, Ga . Yale women al Trinity. l f a ni 
College Track 
N A I A n o t i o n a l m eet. Ar kyjielphia, Ar k 
.Motorsports 
Drag racing. Alam o D ragw ay. 
(J*,JO p.m.; 
Stock car racing, Pan Am erican 
Speedway, 8 p m 

Bidistrict set 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS MEWS 

UVALDE — Le a hit* and Wharton will flash in tho first gam e of a best­ ill 5hrre Class AAA bidistrict baseball s in e s at 7 p.m. Tuesday in LA aide. 

Tile second Kame w ill Ik* played at 3 p m 
Thursday in Wharton 
A third 
Kame. if necessary, will follow im m e ­ diately after the second Kame. 

Uvalde captured the 13-A A A title uftjle Wharton won the 14-AAA crown. 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 

San Antonio’s two box­ ing prom otion outlets, 
Tony Padilla and Azteca 
Prom otions, announced c a rd s for th e c o m in g weeks Saturday. 
Padilla, who promoted the North American Box­ ing Federation title bout in which form er world champ Rodolfo Martinez 
TKO’d Mike Ayala, plans a June 28 venture that will put the two back in the ring. But not against each other. 
Agreed 

The p a ir a g re e d to fight in co-main events, after efforts were m ade for a rematch. 
John Toscano, of Azte­ ca 
P ro m o tio n s a n ­ nounced th a t 
N uevo 
L aredo’s Rafael Duran, who has d em onstrated his ring prowess in his last few visits to San An­ tonio, has agreed to fight a 1o-rounder on a May 31 card. 
D uran’s opponent and two other bouts will be announced later. 
In the main event of the 
Azteca card , w hich be­ gins at 8:3o p.m. at Mun­ icipal A u d ito riu m , the fo u rth -ra n k e d ju n io r lightweight in the world, 
Rafael Limon of Mexico 
City will battle gutsy Au­ g u stin E s tr a d a of C h i­ huahua, Mexico. 
Trips 
, 
On his last th reei trips to the Alamo City, E stra­ da (39-9-2) d e s tro y e d ranked fighters Maurice 
“ T erm ite” Watkins and 
Gilbert Galvan and deli­ vered a n in th -ro u n d knockout to Robert Vas- quez just a week ago. 
Tickets for the May 31 card can be purchased at 
El Norteno Record Shop, 
Pepe’s Ice House and Li­ beria Espanola. F or re ­ serv ed s c a ts , call 
226-5253. 
Padilla said the site for the June 28 card had not been d ecid ed an d it is possible that it will not be held at the Auditorium. 
The prom oter also ad­ ded that the opponents for Ayala and M artinez as well as p re lim in a ry bouts will be announced later. 
T hom as tough 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
EDINBURG - Dalla- site Wes Thomas broke four Pan American base­ ball records during the past season, it was an­ nounced Saturday. 

1/2 
PRICE 

© A large group of famous brands suits & sport coats 5o% off 

© O u r entire stock of two piece leisure suits 5o% off 

This is not a special purchase. All sale clothing from 
Joseph's regular inventory. 

Brand Names including: 
Hollywood 
Le Baron 
Hammonton Park 
Eagle 
Phoenix 
Johnny Carson 

 and many others: 
Rafael 
Adolfo 
Van Gils 
Tiger of Sweden 

WHERE THE CLOTHES 
MEET THE MAN 

•DOWNTOWN 
•NORTH STAR MALL 
•CENTRAL PARK MALL 

SLEW’S G R O O M , John Polston, signals num ber tw o as triple crown possibility nears 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Slew the slayer 

Continued from Page IS 

1*4 lengths in front of Cormorant. 
Slew paid $2.8o, $2.8o and $2.2o in p ick in g up the w in n e r ’s s h a re of 
$138,HOO from a purse of $191,1oo. 
Iron Constitution, owned by Harry T. 
Mungurian Jr., returned $12.2o and $5 while Verna L ehm ann’s Run Dusty 
Run paid $2.8o. 
Completing the order of finish were 
J O. Tobin, Sir Sir. Hey Hey J . P.. 
Counter Punch and Regal Sir. Each starter carried 126 pounds. 
For much of the race, Seattle Slew and Cormorant ran together with the other seven bunched a clear distance behind them. 
Unlike the Derby. Seattle Slew had 

 no problem s getting out of the gate 
Saturday. Jean Cruguet sent him out of the No. 8 slot while D anny W right brought Cormorant out of the No. I post position and the two colts battled for the lead going past the stands the first time. 
Seattle Slew had a slight edge going into the clubhouse turn, but Cormorant was in front entering the backstretch. 
Cormorant continued to lead Seattle 
Slew down the b a c k s tr e t c h , then 
Cruguet asked Seattle Slew to move. 
Once again the Slew had the right answer. 
As they hit the quarter pole, Seattle 
Slew was in front. C o rm o ran t was second and Iron C o n s titu tio n was coming on in third. 

For a time in the upper stretch, it looked like Iron Constitution might be able to catch Slew—but the w inner held him clear. Run Dusty Run, ridden by Darrel McHargue, made his usual late run to get the show over the tiring 
Cormorant. 
It was only the second tim e in 16 races that Run Dusty Run has finished worse than second. 
Seattle Slew ripped through the first quarter in 22 3-5 seconds. The tim e for the half mile was 45 3-5 and the six-furlong docking was 1:o9 4-5. Seat­ tle Slew reached the end of the mile in 
1:34 4-5. C’anonero’s time for the mile had been 1:35. 
The P reakness was the first race 
Seattle Slew has run on m edication. 
Ring bouts ready 

Dan Cook 

Ali is challenged in open letter 

* 

 i 
Muhammad Ali i 
Heavyweight Boxing Champion j 
Los Angeles, Calif, (please forward) 

Dear Muhammad: 
It’s been a long time since I’ve written you and I understand things are going rather well for you. 
First, let me congratulate you on your movie. I’m sure that you’ll make a few million on it even though I understand that if s a semi-dog. I’m making plans to miss it but this has nothing to do with your acting abilities because, as I’ve always said, for years now you’ve had more acting experience than Lucille Ball and 
Robert Redford combined. Ifs just a silly hang-up that I’ve got. I also make it a strong point to miss all of Jane Fonda’s movies so, you see, ifs nothing personal. 

The reason that I’m w riting you is to make you an offer that you shouldn’t refuse. 

Now this isn’t intended as a bad joke, something to fill up a Sunday column. 
Really, this is on the square. Mr. Ali, 
I’m challenging you to a world hea­ vyweight boxing match here in San 
Antonio. Don’t laugh now. Give it some serious thought. You’ve argued, jawed and joked with a lot of sportswriters but you’ve never fought one. I’d be an ideal opponent because, to begin with, 
I can’t fight. But don’t get me wrong. 
I’d give an honest effort. 

You certainly wouldn’t be in much danger, if any. You probably wouldn’t even flinch if I w ere to g e t lucky early—there wouldn’t be any late—and bounce my best punch off your lug. But 
1 sure would love to do it and you could have fun dancing and shuffling around after catching my biggie. 
G ive it som e th o u g h t. H e r e ’s a chance to pick up a nice stack without two hours of gym chores. Let Herbert 
M uhammad and Budini and the whole gang mull over it for a bit. At least listen to the money angle. All I want is a lousy $25,ooo and you get all the rest. 

For the vital statistics, I’m 5o years old but with a little make-up and good cam era a n g les I m ight claim my fighting age as 48. I’m 6-1 and weigh 
2o6 but I could work hard for IO days and m aybe get down to 2o2. Then I could suck in my stomach for pre-fight photos so the whole thing wouldn’t be iabled a complete farce. “ 

 t 
We could go in the Convention Center in downtown San Antonio and for a boxing match I think we might stack close to 15,oo1) in there. 
Don’t worry about the crowd. San 
Antonio has never before had a world championship fight and your involve­ ment in such a contest would insure at least 1o,ooo paying custom ers. There must be at least another 5,ooo here w ho would love to see you clobber me. 

You see, I give a lot of opinions in six colum ns a week here and then offer more opinions while doing 15 TV shows each week. I’m sure that you'll find this hard to believe but som e people get in hot w ater offering personal opinions. 

Anyway, we both realize that nobody will sanction such a bout for any kind of championship but a long tim e ago you show ed us all that san ctio n in g doesn t amount to two cans of beans. 
R em em b er when the whole world waited on the outcome of your “ death battle” with that Japanese w restler? 
Lordy, Tiny Tim could have put up a better fight with a broken crutch. The big stiff just rolled around on the can­ vas while kicking at your legs. T here’s more excitement here in front of the 
C om m ander’s Room at three o’clock any Sunday morning. 

You w on’t get that sort of cheap stunt from me. So help me, AU, I pro­ mise to stand up and punch as long as I can. We both know that you can take me out anytim e you want but you’ll durned sure have to do it. Well, you’ll have to do it in the first three rounds, that is. A fter that I’ll probably be through even if you haven’t landed a punch because I promise to chase and try and I can’t chase fast and try hard for more than three rounds. 
R a d io -TV log 

TELEVISION 
Noon (Ch. 4) — Bowling Spectacular 
III from Wonder Bowl in San Antonio. 
12:3o p.m . Ch. 5) — NBA Finals: 
First Game. 
12:45 p.m. Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Italian Open Tennis 
Championships: Finals. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — The American 
Sportsman: Peter Benchiey documents the a ctiv ities of a production crew film in g gray sharks in a feed in g frenzy; Lee Wulff fishes for bluefin tuna weighing in excess of 88o lbs. Mel 
H ills hunts quail in Arizona. 

3 p.m . (Ch. 5) — M em orial Golf 
Tournament: Final Round. 

3 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 

3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — World Invita­ tional Tennis Classic; Bjorn Borg and 
Sue B arker P lay Arthur A she and 
Evonne Goolagong. 

4 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 
5 p.m. (Ch. 12) — Final Day of In­ dianapolis “ 5oo” Time Trials. 

RADIO 
1:5o p.m . (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston 
Astros vs. Philadelphia Phillies. 

MU— 

You can do your rope-a-dope, double 
Ali shuffle and airplane windup—all those slick things. Absolutely no work involved for you and you get to keep all the goodies—minus 25 thou. You can even take all the TV money you can arrange and any radio rights. 
You can even put your people in the box-offices for first counts. 

Look, th ere’s no sense in lettin g those foreigners m ake all the easy bread. That canvas-backed w restler couldn’t have whipped Johnny Carson and your la st unworthy opponent. 
Alfredo W hats-H is-N am e, cou ld n't handle the night bartender at the 
Black Fox Tap Room. 

We’ll need a lengthy p re lim in ary card because the main event will be, w ell, it w o n ’t fig u re to keep ou r customers from missing any of the late movie on TVL 
Now don’t worry about me changing my mind or backing out or wanting more money in case you land a fat TV contract for our bout. You get all the gravy. I’ll just take 25 off the the top and whatever lumps I get. 

Of course, if this thing catches on and gets real hot I probably will add a few money-making ideas of my own but they won’t cut into your percen­ tage. FII just sell advertising space on my robe. ITI see Pearl and Lone Star about buying ads on the bottom of my shoes but those will be premium rates because we can almost guarantee them more time there. 

I might even turn my trunks into an oversized classified section but no ad­ vertising from massage parlors will be accepted. I ’m sure that we’ll both want to keep this on a high level and do nothing to dent the integrity of boxing or the championship belt that you so proudly wear. 
Well, let m e h ear from you, M u­ hammad. ITI start calling you Cassius again if you go for the package. You can act like you’re angry at me and we can sell it as a grudge battle. 
D rop m e a line h ere a t th e Ex- press-News. But don’t cheat and wait until the last minute. I’d like to train for at least IO or 12 days. 
Regards, Dan Cook 
Ark. St. wins 

JONESBORO, Ark. (AP) - The host team, Arkansas State University, won seven of 18 events to dominate the U.S. 
Track and Field Federation's southern championships Saturday. 
The Southland Conference track and field champion entered only nine athletes. 
Winning three events each were the 
University of Arkansas at Fayetteville, the University of Central Arkansas and the University of Arkansas at Pine 
Bluff. 
A total of 15o athletes from 21 schools or track clubs took part in the meet. 
A rkansas S tate’s form er world-re- cord holding pole vaulter, E arl Bell, turned in his top performance of the season at 18 feet. Behind Bell, who was competing for the last time for Arkan­ sas State, was his Olympic team m ate, 
Terry Porter of the Gulf Coast Track 
Club of Louisiana. Porter’s best was 
17-6. State sprinter Ed Preston had a 
9.9 clocking in the 1oo-meter dash, the sam e time as the world record in that event. However, there was a prevailing wind of 8.6 miles per hour, and that prevented his performance from being recognized. 
In the high jump, Arkansas State’s 
Ricky DeWees set an Arkansas colle­ giate mark of 7-1. 

Strikes 'n Spares 

Bv llarrv 
• 
« try 

San Antonio iX P R £ S S -N £ W S — Sunday M ay 22 1977 
H 
Page- 3-5 

Money isn’t all to Curt Elliott 

What means more to Curt Elliott, winning $2.6o or $3oo? 
Don t be shocked but the $2.6o means more to the 23-year old kegler because it was his prize—plus a trophy— for winning the coveted m en’s city title. 
Elliott, who also vvfm the Alamo Tournament Association’s monthly event last weekend and $3oo, rolled 1,857 scratch to win the Class A all events titie in the city meet. 

“ I guess winning the city title m eans more than the money because it was one event I hadn’t won,” Elliott said. 
“ The ATA is always pretty nice to win 
— especially the $3oo. 
“ Money isn ’t everything. I really don’t bowl in the city tournament to win money. I had won every m ajo r tournament in San Antonio but the city event. Now, I’m delighted that I finally won the city championship. 
“ I guess five years ago, winning the city tournament would have been more profitable because that was the big thing th en ,” Elliott continued. “ The tourney is really exciting because you bowl against the best.^Anything can happen in the meet — especially when there isn t much money involved, some people don t be trying their best. 
“ Bob Harris (the handicap cham ­ pion) picked up about $8o, which still isn t much. There isn’t any money in the (’lass A division. I feel the city association will have to do something to give the people some incentives in 
Class A. I almost didn’t bowl in the city tournament because it isn t worth it financially, but, I wanted to try and win it anyway.” 
E lliott had 833 in singles, 582 in doubles and 842 in the team event. 
“ That 1,857 isn’t very high,” Elliott continued. “ There m ust be ll) thousand bowlers in the city that could have beaten that score. I guess the lanes weren’t too easy. 
“ The thing about bowling is that you bowl good for m o n th s and nothing happens, then, all of a sudden, you’re iii the limelight. Anything can happen on today's lane conditions. 
Richard 
Roberts and I have the highest aver­ age (212) at Wonder Bowl right now — but no one notices it. Why? Because last year there were around 15 people averaging 2oo or better, now there are about seven. Everybody is use lo hav­ ing big scores and no one notices regular 2oo games. Last year, a 2oo g am e was n o th in g —this year, it means something.” 
Elliott, who has won five ATA tour­ nam ents and is currently the indivi­ dual point-leader in the group, won five of IO m a tc h e s in the ATA but averaged IO pins higher than anyone else. 
“ I hadn’t won anything lately,” El­ liott noted. “ But, winning the ATA and the city title is super. For once I can say I’m the city champion — I thought 
I would never be able to attain that. It’s quite an honor.” 
The official s ta n d in g s will be r e ­ leased by the San Antonio Bow ling As­ sociation within the next week or two. 
Locals are tonsil 

San Antonio bow lers apparently have found the solution to bowling on con­ ditions at Midland and Odessa in the m en’s state tournament. 
Jay Webber, who bowls at Turner 
Club, led the local assault with a 848 series and a 1,748 overall total to take over the lead in Class C singles and all events, respectively. Webber had a 289 gam e during his singles to earn a 
Century Patch for 1o2 pins over his average. 
The San Antonio Stars, led by Louie 
Blanearte (839), Mario Valdez (587), 
Jimmie Rivera (548), Doug Raymond 
(538), and 
Augie Glow ski 
(498), moved into third place in the Class A team event with a 2,8o8 total. 
Okie Carberry and Glowski are tied for the Class A doubles lead with 1.197. and Blanearte, who finished second to 
Elliott in the last 
ATA, is in second place in Class A all events with 1,822. 
Carlos Herrejon is in third place in 
Class C singles with a 83o series. 
Gregory Barnes and 
David Ralh- mann continue to lead Class D doubles with 1,2o9. 
“ It’s fantastic,” said Webber, who had 545 in doubles and 558 in the team event. “ That one gam e really made the difference. I was just lucky. I prac­ ticed a little, but, bow ling 1o2 pins over my average with that 289 made the difference. I hope it sticks up there. 
It’s the first tim e I’ve bowled over 54o in singles in six state tournaments. I hope it sticks up there.” 
“ I don’t think our score will stick.” 
Carberry said. “ T hat’s not even 8oo apiece. I rolled a 6o8 in the doubles. 
Surely someone in that state can beat that?” 

CCRT ELLIOTT 
...city champion 
“ Greg and I were just hoping to get our money back,” said the 23-year old 
Rathmann, who, with Barnes, was in his first state tourney. “ Now, we have a chance to win doubles. This is far past our expectations. We fought we would do pretty good, but hot that good. 
“ Yes, we were a little nervous be­ cause it was our first tourney," Rath­ mann confined. “ But we calmed down. 
I rolled a 188 the first gam e and Greg 
237, then I had a 224 and he had a 195 — that made it a lot easier for us. I finished with 614 and Greg 595. We were holding each other up. From what I’ve seen, that score may hold up." 
There isn t any change in women’s state tournament, Jeanne Atkinson is third in Class A singles and second in all events, and, 
Darlene .Schneider and 
Pat Sheehy still lead Class C doubles. 
Around the lanes 
Ella O’Quinn, the editor of 
The 
Kegler, received her second straight 
“ Bowling Writer of the Year Award” from the Texas Women Bowling Wri­ ters Association recently. 
John D’Andrea beat George Broyles in the fin als to win the AVT 
189-and-under tournam ent. D’Andrea had led through eight gam es in the finals before Broyles tied him in the ninth. “ It’s the first big win I've had this year,” D’Andrea said. 
Mike Freehauf, an AJBC bowler, rolled his first 7oo series (71o) with gam es of 242, 255, and 213 at Oak Hills 
... The next AVT tourney is -set for 
June 4-5 at Mitchell ... 
Jeff Dietzel had a 245 gam e and Bea Arredondo picked up the 8-7-1o split at Bowlerama 
... 
Bob Ctz shot a 125 triplicate at 
Hermann Sons ... Sims Garage, with 
Bea Reynolds, Minnie Murray, and 
Ruth Marceau won the Novas League at Hermann Sons ... Don Borden had a 
278 game, Chet Kopacki 
257, Rocky 
Rockwell 264. Louie Pryor 288, Jim 
Hall 
253, 
Helen Newell 
243, 
Ann 
Perkins 255, and - Mary Falconer 265 at Oak Hills ... June Yener (233-613) and Beverly Fluke (236-6oo) both had their first 6oo series. 
Mayselle Bau­ man 
(178) and 
Faye Reeves 
(176) each had all spare gam es, Frank 
Thrailkill Sr. had a 14o triplicate, and 
Hiram Walker picked up the 4-6-7-1o split at Oak Hills ... Al Eudy rolled a 
263, 
Aurelio Ramirez and 
David, 
Wosnig won the Businessm en’s Dou­ bles League, and the San Pedro Roa­ drunners won the AJBC League at San 
Pedro ... Steve Holt had a 265 and 
Madelyn Spreng 234 at Southside ... 
John Alvarado (AJBC) had a 244-63 at 
Thunder ... Robert Gonzales had a 244 at Turner ... Bob Hustede had his first 
7oo (7o8) series w ith gam es of 247, 238, and 233, and Jim my Collins 
(AJBC) had 255-626 at Wonder ... 
Bob Free­ hauf has joined the staff of Monarch 
B ow ling C en te rs, In c., ow ners of 
Sports Palace and Thunder ... Sports 
Palace II? Looks like Monarch may be planning 3o-lane house with a large skating rink on Perrin-Beitel; details are scarce now, but don't be surprise if another center opens between Sept. I and December. ... 
Rosalie Bushick was reelected president of the state women’s “ 6oo” Club. 

SWC survival time 

L ast w eek’s results 

A T A T O U R N E Y 
I, Curt Elliott, 217 average, $3oo; ?, L a rry 
Kassner, 2o9, $165. 3, Louie Blanearte, 2o3, $125; 
J, Johnny McNeal, 2o1, $1oo; 5, Sonny Schimcek, 
191, $95; 6, Carlos Castaneda, 196, $9o, 7, Ronnie 
Hulme, 192, $85; 8, H arry Fletcher, 192, $8o; 9, 
John Shields, 185, $75, IO, M ario Voider, 177, $7o. 
A V T T O U R N E Y 
I, John D Andrea, 363, $225; 2, George Broyles, 
277, $175; 3, Alex Pruneda, 271, $125, 4, Keith 
McKenzie, 182, $1oo; 5, Bill Keyser Sr., 168, $9o; 6, 
John Alvarado, 1o8, $85; 7, Doug Pruitt, 64. $8o; 8, 
Ray Grant, -18, $75; 9, Don Steubing, -75, $7o; IO, 
Mike Wernick, -137, $55. Alternate; Joe Lua, $4o. 
A N N U A L M E E T IN G 
The San Antonio Bowling Association will hold its annual meeting at 2:3o p.m. June 12 at Her­ mann Sons. 
L A N E N O T E S 
ASTRO : 
Melinda H aves 548; Butch Hile 658; 
D am is R ich 632; D e n n is C a rlso n 61o, AAac 
McCraw 627. 
B O W L E R A M A : 
Bernice White 536, Butch Hile 
6o1. Summer leagues are now being formed, call 
344-4o41 or 344 5811 for further information. 
H ER M A N N SONS: Willie Strev 624, M ary Boid! 

L a rry W ilkinson 6o8; R o ss Millet 6o4; M a rgie 
Reinhard 53o; Skipper Peche 6o9; M a ry D avis 
573; Don F a ik u s 598; Juan C arrillo 595; Chic 
Hewitt 59o. Seventeen difficult splits were con­ verted bv 16 bowlers during the week. 
O AK H IL L S : 
M ike Freehauf (A JB C ) 71o; Don 
Borden 7o9, d um p Gom bert 663; Eon Haygood 
653; Che! Kopacki 644; Helen Newell 652; Jerry 
Johnson 636; Cindv Johnson 625; Laurie Scales 
616 (twice); Linda Fox 619. (28 men over 6oo series; 89 women over 53o series; 16 women over 

6oo series). Kathy Kirst (A JB C ) 6o1. 
SA N P E D R O : Al Eudy 696; Hoi Kee 66o; Buddy 
Torres 655; Jim m ie R ivera 653; L a rry Dunlap 
636; Pat Sheehy 594; Jeanme Dunlap 577; Rosie 
Gaskio 575; Rosie Cook 575; Lolo G raves 564. (12 m en over 6oo seriee; eight w om en over 5oo series). The AJBC leagues will be bowling at I p.m. Mondays and 6:3o p.m. W ednesdays; call 
344-3431 for further information. 
SO U T H SID E : 
Otis H arvey 671, Cal Stahl 66o; 
Jim m y Tomblin 66o; Gene Lefter 654, Robert 
Ornelas 646; JoAnn Noska 583; F ay Milligan 577; 
M yrt DeFily 575; Carroli Croce 573; M ary Her­ rera 562. (18 men over 6oo series; 19 women over 
53o series 
T U R N E R : 
Steve Weaver 591, Joe Garcia 576, 
Robert Gonzales 565; Fay Tedrick 538. 
W O N D E R : 
Bob Hustede 7o8; Tom m y Edw ards 
66o; Curt Elliott 656, Charlie Heidle 653; Leon 
Brock 648, Mvrt DeFily 637; C in d y. Johnson 618; 
Henrietta Reeker 599; Betty Jo Hanley 598; Joan 
Bowden 598. (19 men over 6oo series in last two weeks; 23 women over 55o series in last two 

T H U N D E R : 
Luis Benavides (A J B C ) 234 6o7; 
R o c k y Boubel (A J B C ) 541; Je a n in e S c h a a c k 
(A JB C ) 597; Ginger H ubbard (A J B C ) 565; John 
A lvarad o (A JB C ) 638. Hazel R eeves 495. N ancy 
Alfano pEcked up the 5-7 split. 

S P O R T S P A L A C E : 
Bob White rolled a 2oo triplicate, and Rick Clarkton had a 178 trio. Donna 
Aboltin 581; Carolyn Plnget 555; JoAnn Stone 534; 
Brian Planner 666, Tom Blazek 659; Randy Burns 
658; Gordon Schultz 657; H arry Fletcher 656; Tom ­ mie Edw ards 652; Bill Tlcksev 6i3. Bruce Thomas 
(A JB C ) 545; Carm en Garza (A JB C ) 5o3.. 

Bv CLIFFORD BROYLES 
O f THf EX PtfSS NEWS STAFT 

AUSTIN — As expected ancient rivals 
Texas and Texas A&M will be squaring off in the Southwest Conference baseball tour­ nament. 

But unexpectedly, it will be for survival and not for the championship Sunday. 
The Longhorns and Aggies meet in an elimination gam e in the league’s first post-season tournam ent at 
3 p.m. at Disch-Falk Field.thanks to the Baylor Bears. 
Baylor handed the regular-season cham pion A ggies and p erennial power Texas a loss each rn the first two days of the tourney to qualify for the finals in the double elimina­ tion tourney. 
The Bears will tackle the winner of the Texas-A&M gam e at 7:3o p.m. 
Sunday and if they win they are the tourney champions. 
If Baylor loses, then the title will be decided at 7:3o p.m. Monday. 
But for now most of the problems rest with A&M and Texas, which m ust win three straight gam es to capture the tourney now. Baylor needs just one win and can even afford to lose a game. 
The picture gets even more serious for the 
Longhorns. 

BROYLES 

Being Hie regular season champion. A&M is vir­ tually assured an NCAA playoff berth even if the 
Aggies lose in the' tourney. 
For Texas to go, the Longhorns m ust win the tourney. 
“ W e've got to win th re e or w e’re not g oing anyw here,” Texas Coach Cliff Gustafson said Sa­ turday during a break in the tourney. 
Gustafson said his team was rooting for the Aggies to beat Baylor Friday night after the Bears beat the 
Horns on Thursday. 

“ We had to ," he said? “ It was the best way to assure us of a way to get in the NCAA playoffs. I guess we were looking for the easy way out and it didn't happen. 
“ If A&M won the tournam ent and we finished second then we had the chance to go as an at-large team. Now A&M and us are going to be playing in an elimination gam e.” 

T exas' s ta rtin g p itcher against the Aggies is undecided. 
The most likely choice, right-hander Kern Wright 
(9-1. 1.58), is very questionable because of arm trouble. 
“ I doubt very seriously if he’ll be able to pitch,” 
Gustafson repeated Saturday. “ It just flared up on him a couple of weeks ago. We sent bim down to the bullpen Thursday night for possible relief and In' could barely throw the ball." 
If Wright can ’t go it will be either right-handers 
Robert Shaeffer (5-o, 1.23) or Mickey Reichenbach 

(4-1, 2.88). 
A&M will counter with right-hander David I’iec- zynski (8-1, 2 85) with another righty, Jim McWil­ liams (4-2. 3.88) in first relief. 
“ At tins stage we're going to take it inning by inning.” said ( handler, who said he would not hesi­ tate to use any of his'moundsinen against Texas. 
Chandler said it is not a sure thing that the Aggies have an NCAA bid sewed up. 
“ There is no way of knowing what tin* NCAA is going to do until Monday,” lie said. “ We won t know for sure until then." 
Baylor is expected to have right-hander Jam ie 
Coeanower (8-2. 3.o3) ready for the Aggie-CT survi­ vor. 
The w inner of the tournam ent advances lo the 
NCAA South Central Regional next weekend at Ar­ lington Stadium. 

Texas Open field gets bigger, better 

Officials of the San Antonio Golf Associa­ tion arc encouraged by the number of top professional golfers who have indicated they will participate in the 1977 Texas Open 
Oct. 13-16 at Oak Hills country club. 

Heading the list of pros who have given verbal assurance they will be in the field are: 
Ben Crenshaw', Lee Trevino, Rik M assengale, 
John Mahaffey, Don January, Bruce Lietzke, Lee 
Elder. Al Heiberger, Jim Simons, ('hi (’Iii Rodri­ guez. Andy Bean, Hubert Green, Tom Kite, M ark 
Hayes, Miller Barber, Keith Fergus, Dave Stockton, 
Tom P u rtzer, G ary Koch. Andy N orth. G eorge 
Archer. Larry Ziegler. Bud Allin and, of course, the defending champion Butch Baird. 
Other names include: 
(iii Morgan, George Burns, Mike McCullough, 
F uzzy Zoeller. Bill Kratzert. Joe Inman, Lyn Lott, 
Steve Melnvk, Dale Hayes. Homero Bluncas, Leon­ ard Thompson, Bruce Devlin, Bobby Walzei, Eon 
Hinkle. Grier Jones, V ictor Regalado, George Cadie, 
Charles Goody, Mac McLendon, Howard Tvvitty, Jim 
Dent. Forrest Fezler. Wally Armstrong, Mike Reid, 
Salinas, 
Fortner selected 

SPECIAL IO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
NEW YORK - B u r ­ b an k 's Gilbert S alinas and New Braunfels’ Nell 
F o rtn e r will rep rese n t 
Texas in the All-Ameri­ can High School Seamco 
Classic basketball gam e to be held May 29 at 
K utsher’s Country Club in Monticello, N Y. The gam e will be played for the benefit of the A m eri­ can Cancer Society. 
Playing with Salinas in the seventh annual gam e will be Gene Banks of 
Philadelphia and zVlbert 
King of Brooklyn, N.Y., two of the top high school players in the country. 
Fortner is considered the top woman in the first ever girls’ game. 
Rain 

Peter Oosterhuis. Rot! Cerrudo, Dwight Nev ii. Mark 
Lye, Frank Beard. Terry Diehl, Gay Brewer, Mike 
Hill. Tommy Aaron and others, 
“ We have a fine field shaping u p ,” said Hank 
Hudson, general chairman of the Open. “ Of course, you must realize these are only verbal indications and not at all binding on tin1 pro to show tip. But it does give us encouragement to hear them say they intend to be here.” 
Verbal com mitm ents were obtained by SAGA of­ ficials Arthur Goerges and Bill Ghedi at the Houston 
Open. 
Later, at the Colonial tournament in Ft. Worth. 
Trevino. Heiberger, Baird, Massengale, Elder and 
Crenshaw cut promotional television tapes for the 
Open. 
Crenshaw, Lietzke, Massengale and Hayes were included in the top ten money winners of the PHA 
Tour through the Byron Nelson Classic in Dallas. 
Crenshaw’s winnings now stand at $1o4,55o after lie pocketed $4o,ooo for a victory in the Colonial. 
Lietzke, form er University of Houston star, has won two tour events this year and was runnerup in two others. Thus far he’s won $157,459. 
While SAGA officials still hold out hope that Jack 
Nicklaus w ill enter, he has indicated otherwise. 

TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 
FLUID CHANGE I ADJUST 
CHECK UNKAGE-CLEAN 
FIITER-REPLACE PAN 
GASKET ETC. 

RESEAL 

\ SPECIAL 

When your trorummion is looking or jerking in some 
(Osos all you need is a seal job 
95 
[ 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

FINANCING ARRANGED 
We are not newcomers, 14 years in San Antonio 
■ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTHSIDE LOCATION 
28o6 BLANCO 
732-9628 or 732-93o1 
1711 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-9545 
(No. Side loop 41o & Harry Wurzbach Exit) 
SOUTHEAST LOCATION 
7o3 S. W.W. WHITE 
333-93o8 
SOUTHSIDE LOCATION 
1535 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
923-7546 

 b - ^ o ^ 

.O' 

CV 
O' 
New Clearance Center 

Hundreds of Unadvertised Specials Throughout the Store 

 halts fish meet 

Dual 51o BELT- 
DRIVE SEMI-AUTOMATIC 
TURNTABLE with Base and 
Dust Cover 
Reg. 238.85 139.95 

YEAR END C LO SEO U T S 

T E C H N IC S Stereo receivers NOW... 
2o*1o SHUFF 

SO N Y Stereo Receivers NOW... 
2o'H SO'OFF 

CRAIG 
3511 

Q u ick-M o u n t Ste re o 
C asse tte Tape P la y e r 

Compact under-dash unit featuring end-of- tape indicator light, Matrix $witch, locking fast forward and rewind. 
Includes slide bracket. 
Reg. 69.95 49.95 

Rain forced c an ce lla­ tion of the annual Kids’ 
Fishing Contest for the seco n d tim e iii th e 
25-year history of the tournament. 
An e a rly -m o rn in g thu n d ersto rm S aturday put th e San 
A ntonio 
River in B rackenridge 
Park, the site of the con­ te st, on the rise and m a d e e m b a n k m e n ts muddy and slick. 
“ We cannot afford to take chances with the k id s,” P erry Sam uels, chairm an of the contest, explained. “ We normally have more than a thou­ sand youngsters out for the tournament, many of them of preschool age, and the banks along the river were too slick for safety.’’ 
No date has been reset for the popular to u rn a­ m en t b ecau se of the heavy weekend schedule of San Antonio Parks and 
R ecreation D epartm ent personnel. 

SW T soirees 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
SAN MARCOS - Carol 
Ebert, a AAA all-stater fro m 
New 
B ra u n fe ls 
High, and Debbie Barker of 
San 
M arcos h av e sig n e d s c h o la rs h ip ag reem en ts with South­ west Texas State, SWT 
Coach Karen Fredenburg announced Saturday. 

P IO N E E R PL-1 I 5 D 
Auto-Return Belt-Drive 
Turntable with Synchronous 
Motor, S-shaped Tubular Tone Arm. 
Includes Base & Dust Cover. 

I 
Reg. 125.oo 89.95 

TEAC A-23ooS 
REEL TO REEL 
4-Track Two-Channel 
STEREO DECK 
Was 629.95 
459.95 

BARGAIN PRICE FOR A QUALITY RECORDER 

 r n 

CLASSIC L-45o 
THREE-WAY STEREO 
SPEAKER SYSTEM 
I 2 inch woofer 

Reg. 149.95 9 9 . 9 5 

46 13oo 

Sterling Deluxe Changer 

Anti-Skating, Cue, Base, Dust 

Reg. 69.95 
49.95 

Cover and Cartridge. 
A Sterling Best Buy! 

MODEL 
CLOSEOUT! 
ELECTRO-VOICE 
EV-14oo 

WAS 
119.95 

79.95 

CRAIG 3145 IN-DASH AM/FM 
STEREO RADIO WITH STEREO 
8-TRACK TAPE PLAYER 

TW O W AY 
STEREO SPEAKER 
SYSTEM TEN INCH 
W O O FER 
„ 
Reg. 1o9.95 54.95 

PEARCE-SIMPSON 
TOMCAT 23 

SUPER SENSITIVE 23-CHANNEL 
CB UNIT WITH BUILT-IN A.N.L.- 
KEEPS INTERFERENCE DOWN! 
S/RF METER, POS OR NEG.GROUND. 

Wos 139 95 
59.95 
STERLING 
SOUND 

Dem os-One of a Kind 
Last Year Models 

6 a n * A m ( R i c a h o 
Limited 
Quantities 
OUR CAR STEREO AND CB INSTALLATION CENTER IS OPEN FOR THIS SALE! HURRY!! 
46oo SAN PEDRO AVENUE 735-9173 12 NooN-6PM TODAY! 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday May 22 I 9 77 
Major League pitching, hitting 

BRAIN WITH BAT, BOOK OR BASE *y b°>> ^ 

C o m p le te th rou gh g a m e s o f 
T h u r s d a y 
A M E R I C A N 
L E A G U E 

A B . 
R 
H H R R B I P c t 
C h ic a g o 
12o7 
195 
358 
43 
189 
297 
B oston ttto 
158 
319 
35 
154 
287 
M in n e so ta 
1237 2o2 
351 
27 
187 
284 
N e w 
Y o rk 
1185 
167 
329 l l 
154 
278 
K a n s a s C ity 
12o1 
171 
323 
19 
155 
249 
C a lifo rn ia 
1248 
182 
332 
4o 
174 
264 
T e x a s 
1o*9 
128 
289 
29 
117 
266 
Toro nto 
1246 
153 
33o 
22 
136 
265 
Seattle 
1369 
16o 
36o 
32 
153 
.243 
C le v e lan d t m 
132 
282 
16 
116 
258 
Detroit 
1169 
146 
299 
38 
138 
254 
O a k la n d 
1199 145 
3o2 
38 
133 
252 
B a ltim o re 
1o31 
1o5 
253 
2* 
97 
246 
M ilw a u k e e 
1232 
13* 
JOO 
24 
12* 
244 
I N D I V I D U A L 
B A T T IN G 
P i or m o re at b o ts 
A B 
R 
H 
H R 
R B i P c ! 
B o ilo r 
T o r 
1o5 
21 
4o 
2 
7 
381 
C a re w 
M in 
144 
27 
54 
3 
19 
.37o 
A W o o d s 
T o r 
IJJ 
IS 
41 
3 l l 
343 
G ru b b 
C le 
67 
6 
24 
2 
14 
158 
P o K e lly 
B o l 
73 
8 
26 
5 
13 
356 
B u rle so n 
B o s 
129 
17 
44 
I t i 
341 
P o g e 
O ak 
U t 
26 
48 
8 
26 
34o 
F isk 
B o s 
1o9 
23 
37 
6 
21 
.339 
So d e rh o lm 
C h i 
112 
IS 
38 
5 
17 
339 
M a n k w s k i 
Oet 
68 
7 
23 
I 
9 
338 
W a s t in g s 
Tex 
1o4 
IO 
35 
2 l l 
337 
Sin gle ton 
B a i 
73 l l 
24 
2 
12 
329 
G B reft 
K C 
1o7 
18 
35 
I 
12 
327 
B o sto c k 
M in 
129 
24 
42 
3 
19 
326 
M u n so n 
N Y 
133 
25 
43 
8 
27 
323 
W ilfo n g 
M in 
65 
8 
21 
I 
6 
323 
H o rto n 
Tex 
96 
14 
31 
8 
18 
.321 
C h a lk 
C a l 
115 l l 
37 
o 
IO 
.322 
Zisk 
Chi 
137 
24 
43 
IO 
3o 
.314 
H isie 
M in 
134 
27 
42 
9 
34 
313 
F a ir ly 
Tor 
99 
15 
3! 
3 
16 
313 
W y n e g o r 
M in 
99 
IS 
31 
4 
21 
313 veie z 
Tor 
1o6 
16 
33 
7 
29 
311 
R iv e r s 
N Y 
119 
13 
37 
I 
14 
J U 
Le m on 
C h i 
124 
24 
39 
6 
24 
.31o 
B an n iste r 
Chi 
136 
24 
42 
o l l 
3o9 
J N o r r is 
C le 
91 
13 
28 
I 
IO 
3o8 
C M a v 
N Y 
65 
9 
2o 
o 
4 
3o8 
O rta 
Chi 
117 
13 
36 
4 
21 
3o8 
S a n g u in e 
O ak 
14o 
13 
43 
2 
19 
,3o7 
K W Ik te 
N Y 
124 
16 
38 
3 
13 
.3o6 
Baez 
Sea 
62 
IO 
19 
o 
6 
3o6 
Boch te 
C le 
118 
14 
36 
2 l l 
3o5 

M c R a e 
K C 
M I 
2o 
43 
o 
18 
3o5 
R a n d o lp h 
N Y 
128 
23 
39 
I 
12 
3o5 
E v a n s 
B o s 
115 
23 
35 
7 
IS 
3o4 

Looez 
Se a 
89 l l 
27 
2 
13 
3o3 
F u e ntes 
D e l 
129 
17 
39 
o 
7 
3o2 
G a m b le 
C h i 
73 l l 
22 
6 
14 
3o1 
H a rg ro v e 
Tex 
1o3 
16 
31 
2 
12 
.3o1 
V str z m sk i 
B o s 
113 
15 
34 
2 
2o 
3o1 
C m o a n e rts 
Tex 
131 
.14 
39 
I 
6 .298 
Poauette 
K C 
91 l l 
27 
o 
4 
.297 
Stem 
Sen 
152 
2o 
45 
4 
21 
.296 
G r o s s 
O ak 
119 
17 
35 
IO 
22 
.294 
C u b b u ge 
M in 
.116 
21 
J4 
o 
18 
293 
B e rn n o rd t 
Se a 
93 
13 
27 
5 
17 
29o 
M M o v 
D e l 
1o7 l l 
31 
3 
3 
29o 
W ills 
Tex 
1o8 
<6 
31 
2 
IO 
287 
C h a m b liss 
N Y 
136 
18 
39 
4 
25 
287 
P o rte r 
K C 
95 
17 
27 
2 
15 
284 
P atek 
K C 
12o 
21 
34 
o 
19 .283 
Stinson 
Se a 
92 
IO 
26 
I 
8 
283 

C o w g n s 
K C 
139 
19 
39 
4 
25 
2o1 
K e m p 
Get l i t 
18 
33 
5 
2o 
28o 
B Sm ith 
B a i 
91 l l 
26 
I 
6 
21o 
Co op er 
M il 
134 
18 
38 
4 
19 
279 
C h iles 
M in 
68 
IO 
19 
o l l 
.279 
K utper 
Cle 
115 
12 
32 
o 
8 .278 
H e n d erso n 
Tex 
87 
9 
24 
3 
7 
776 
B ro u n 
Se a t i l 
14 
38 
o to 
.275 
H a rr a h 
Tex 
1o9 
14 
3o 
5 
14 
275 
Grief* 
C a i 
142 
19 
39 
5 
17 .275 
R Scott o a k 
71 
9 
JO 
o 
4 
274 
B B e n 
Cie 
117 
16 
32 
2 
15 
274 
Allen 
O ak 
117 
12 
32 
5 
25 
274 
R e m y 
C o l 
139 
2o 
3o t 
IS 
.273 
Spe n ce r 
C h i l i t 
19 
38 
5 
22 
.273 
M o n e y 
M il 
132 
I ] 
36 
J 
IS 
273 
E s s ion 
C h i 
88 
13 
24 
J 
14 .273 
G a r r 
Chi 
125 
21 
34 
I 
12 
272 
D T h o m a s 
M il 
7o l l 
19 
2 
It 
271 
Yourn 
M il 
144 
13 
39 
2 
13 
.771 
R ice 
B o s 
126 
16 
34 
5 to 
.27o 
B u m b ry 
B a i 
116 
15 
31 
I 
6 .247 
Ru di 
Cal 
135 
25 
34 
7 
34 
267 
K u sie k 
M in 
6o 
6 
16 
J 
IO 
267 
Ault 
Tor 
128 
19 
34 
6 
24 
266 
M o o re 
M il 
98 
12 
26 
o 
9 
265 
B o n d s 
C a l 
147 
26 
39 a 
21 
.765 
Stanton 
Se a 
68 
9 
18 
4 
14 
265 
G Sco tt 
B o s 
129 
21 
34 
7 
IS 
764 
D o yle 
B o s 
99 
14 
26 
o to 
263 
O giivte 
D e l 
126 
19 
33 
6 
IS 
.162 
L e z can o 
M il 
134 
14 
35 
P IT C H IN G 
J or m o re d e c isio n s 

5 
14 
.261 

IP 
H B B 
SO 
H 
L E R A 
Ly le 
N Y 
29 
25 
9 
IS 
J 
I 
o 92 
F ig u e ro a 
N Y 
64 
48 
18 
78 
5 
2 
I 22 
B lv le ve n 
Tex 
7o 
57 
19 
55 
4 
I 
I 54 
Litten 
K C 
21 
17 
J 
23 
4 
I 
1.71 
T id ro w 
N Y 
36 
35 
9 
24 
2 
I 
I 75 
T o jo h n so n 
M in 
24 
2o 
5 
IS 
3 
2 
I 82 
R o m e 
Seo 
27 
25 l l 
21 
I 
2 
I 98 
Sch ueler 
M in 
27 
2o 
9 
13 
J 
I 
2.oo 
D A Ie x n d e r 
T e x 
53 
41 
IS 
18 
5 
I 
J 19 
B a ro m e te r 
M in 
32 
3o 
8 
I 
5 
I 
2 23 
G u r a 
K C 
JI 
26 
I 
16 
2 
I 
2 27 
Stone 
Chi 
61 
51 
22 
29 
4 
3 
2 34 
Fo u co u lt 
D e l 
IS 
12 
5 
I t 
2 
I 
7 35 
K e rn 
Cle 
18 
16 
IO 
14 
I 
2 
2.41 
A rro y o 
D e l 
41 
36 
IO 
It 
2 
7 
2.41 
D e vin e 
Tex 
IB to 
J ll 
3 
I 
2.5o 
Slaton 
M il 
5o 
49 
24 
22 
2 
4 
2.S2 
P a lm e r 
B a l 
73 
5o 
23 
43 
5 
3 
2 58 
□ M a rtin e z 
B a l 
2o 
12 
7 l l 
I 
2 
2.7o 
I a n a n a 
Cat 
73 
63 
18 
7o 
6 
I 
2 7o 
R o z e m a 
Oet 
63 
54 to 
3o 
3 
I 
2 71 
R y a n 
Cot 
86 
SS 
45 
89 
6 
4 
2 72 
L a n g fo rd 
O ak 
39 
37 
7o 
28 
3 
3 
2 75 
T h rd sg rd 
M in 
38 
42 
14 
13 
7 
I 
2 84 
H o e s 
M il 
57 
SO 
19 
27 
3 
2 
2 84 
Co lbo rn 
K C 
63 
54 
7o 
28 
5 
4 
2 98 
G rim sle y 
B a l 
47 
49 l l 
14 
4 
2 
3 o7 
T ra v e rs 
M il 
5o 
47 
24 
17 
3 
4 
3.o4 
A u gu stin e 
M il 
65 
54 
21 
22 
4 
4 
J.IS 
C le v e lan d 
B o s 
52 
42 
14 
27 
2 
3 
3 25 
F la n a g a n 
B al 
38 
3o 
IO 
2) 
I 
2 
3.26 
Lindbtad 
Tex 
24 
22 
6 
13 
I 
2 
J 28 
H ortzell 
C o l 
35 
33 
9 
19 
I 
4 
3.31 
H unter 
N Y 
18 
19 
6 
9 
I 
2 
3 44 
Zohn 
M in 
54 
65 
IO 
32 
6 
I 
3.46 
B a r rio s 
Chi 
52 
52 
14 
3o 
3 
2 
3.46 
C am p b e ll 
B o s 
26 
22 
It 
21 
2 
3 
3.46 
VUCKOVICH 
T o r 
23 
2o 
14 
16 
2 
3 
3 47 
R M a y 
B a l 
54 
S3 
25 
18 
4 
4 
3.48 

CHAR 

J W T L E P 6 
J U N IO R T H I R D 
BASEMAN, GfVVtXWrE OF 
H A L L A N D A L E H G - T H I R D 
IN C1A56 OF 525- IO 
O N A C A D E M IC . J O E O B ” 
L IO T T I 
M E/W D P IA L S C H O L ­ 
A R S H IP AT S T . M A R Y 'S . 

MIGL 

G a r v in 
To r 
57 
$9 
2o 
3! 
5 
I 
3.SY 
T M o o re 
Seo 
33 
34 
2o 
13 
2 
I 
4.36 
St Lo u is 
1141 174 
323 
27 
128 
.278 
Je n k in s 
B o s 
59 
St 
8 
29 
4 
3 
3.66 
LO xton 
Sea 
24 
19 
14 
13 
2 
I 
4.38 
P ittsb u rgh 
U S I 165 
318 
3o 
152 
.277 
B S ta n le v 
B o s 
39 
45 
8 
IO 
3 
o 
3 69 
L o R o c h e 
Col 
21 
18 
9 
17 
2 
2 
4.57 
C in cin n ati 
114o 157 
3o7 
24 
146 
269 
W illgh b v 
B o s 
74 
21 
6 
IO 
3 
o 
3.75 
C a stro 
M il 
17 
19 t 
5 
4 
I 
4.58 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
1129 ISO 
3o2 
26 
14o 
768 
Blu e 
O ak 
64 
67 
16 
42 
3 
3 
3 8o 
M edic!? 
O ak 
44 
S4 
17 
25 
7 
2 
4.63 
A tla n ta 
1257 157 
335 
28 
145 
.267 
Goltz 
M in 
61 
65 
22 
74 
J 
3 
3 82 
M in g o r i 
K C 
17 
16 
6 
4 
o 
3 
4.67 
M o n tre a l t i l t 119 
292 
23 
1o8 
.263 
R o b e rts 
De? 
55 
55 
13 
22 
3 
5 
3 93 
K Brett 
Chi 
5o 63 l l 
3o 
5 
2 
4 68 
S a n Otego 
1341 182 
343 
19 
176 
.256 
L e o n a rd 
K C 
S3 
57 
2o 
37 
2 
J 
4.o8 
T orrez 
N Y 
44 
4! 
22 
23 
5 
2 
4.87 
H ouston 
12o9 127 
295 
26 
119 
.244 
M o n ta g u e 
Sea 
47 
49 
24 
22 
3 
3 
4 15 
N A T IO N A L 
L E A G U E 
N e w York 
I le3 125 
274 
27 
113 
.236 
L e m n cz y k 
To r 
61 
64 
3o 
26 
2 
3 
4.23 
T E A M 
B A T T IN G 
S a n F r o n c isc o 
1185 115 
278 
22 
1o6 
.235 
K n a p p 
Chi 
46 
48 
25 
3o 
5 
I 
4 25 
A B 
R 

 to 
OC 
OC z 
X 

P c t 
I N D I V I D U A L 
B A T T IN G 
G u lle fl 
N Y 
42 
42 
23 
32. 
3 
7 
4.29 
L o s A n ge le s 
1314 212 
383 
47 2o4 
291 
6o or m o re at bo ts 
Jefferso n 
Tor 
41 
51 
18 
24 
I 
3 
4 32 
C n ic a g o 
1113 175 
315 
26 164 
.283 
A B 
R 
H . H R 
R B I 
P c t 

P e re * 
M il 
M iln e r 
N Y 
M tte rw a ld 
Chi 
E v a n s 
S F 
B R o tim so n 
P g h 
C ab e ll 
Htn 
M o n d a y 
L A 
S te a rn s 
N Y 
C ra w fo rd 
Htn 
D rie sse n 
Cin 
M C r u i 
S IL r 
RJVERJ1ILL 

Joe Finger— 
Byron Nelson designed golf course. 

 v 

KERRVILLE 
512-896-14oo 
J 

Humors 

Continued from Page IS 

 any major holes, but we would like to improve our bench.” 
Since the Spurs sent their first round pick to the 
Lakers for Mack Calvin, they won t pick until lute in the second round. 
“ At that point,” admitted Drossos, “you hope fora sleeper. 
“ We have a list of about 5o players the coaches have put together. After that, you take guys from small schools who not too many people have seen; guys w ho can do nothing but shoot or just have great sp eed . Then you hope they'll develop the other aspects of their g a m es.” 
Sleepers, however, will not be m aking the big news as draft time nears. Rather, it is the big names and the prospect of a title that will keep owners an general managers up at night" asking their wives, 
“ What would think about this deal?" 

I * la i y o r 

H e re is a look at no w p la y e r s fro m S a n A n to n io a r e d o in g in the m n o r le agu e s. 

P la y e r C lu b 
B A T T IN G 
A B 
R 
H 2B 3B H R 
R B I P ct. 
R IC H G U E R R A S e a so n l l 
4 
16 
4 
o 
3 
16 
.272 
T O L E D O ( A A A ) W e ek 
27 
2 
5 
o 
o 
I 
4 
.185 
R O N J A C O B S S e a so n 
/S 
8 
21 
I 
I 
2 
IO 
.28o 
H O L Y O K E ( A A ) W eek 
25 
3 
9 
o 
o 
2 
5 
36o 
J IM K I D D E R S e a so n 
3? 
13 
8 
2 
o 
I 
5 
.25o 
S H R E V E P O R T ( A A ) W eek 
5 
I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
.2oo 
K E N P A P E Se a so n 
89 
11 
19 
4 
I 
I 
9 
.213 
T U C S O N ( A A A ) W e ek 
2o 
2 
3 
I 
I 
o 
7 
.15o 
G A R R Y P Y K A S e a so n 
36 
I 
8 
o 
o 
o 
3 
.713 
H O L Y O K E ( A A ) W e e k 
3o 
o 
I 
o 
o 
o 
2 
.233 
T E R R Y P Y K A S e a so n 
7 
I 
J 
o 
o 
o 
I 
.286 
T U C S O N ( A A A ) W e ek 
5 
I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
.2oo 
B L A IR S T O U F F E R Se aso n 
54 
7 
9 
2 
o 
I 
6 
.167 
T U L S A ( A A ) W eek t; 
J 
5 
2 
o 
I 
4 
294 

P lo v e r C lu b 
P IT C H IN G 
G 
W' L 
IP 
H 
B B 
SO 
E R A 
M IC K E Y M A H L E R S e a so n 
J 
I 
I 
21 
22 
7 
6 
4 29 
R IC H M O N D ( A A A ) W eek 
I 
o 
I 
J 
S 
I 
o 
— 
R IC H A R D M A H L E R Se aso n 
• 
3 
I 
o 
17 
14 
IO 
17 
3.18 
S A V A N N A H (A A ! W e ek 
I 
o 
o 
7 
7 
J l l 
OOO 

HOTH ANNIVERSARY 
MEN’S SHOE SALE 

NUNN BUSH SHARKSKIN SLIP-ONS 49.9o 
Were 75.oo. The ultimate in long-wearing fit and comfort. Leather lining and sole with rubber heels. Black or brown. 

BALLY 45.9o TO 69.9o 
Were 6o.oo to 96.oo. Choose from several styles in camel, navy, brown, black or white leather. 

 m m BUSH BROGUES 29.9o 
Were 38.oo. Leather brogue with all-leather lining. Black or brown. 
FROST BROS. 

S H O P F R O S T S D O W N T O W N A N H N O W T M S T A R M A M . 

Accidents galore 

MONTE CARLO, Monaco (A P ) — France's Didier 
Pironi, in a Martini, walked away with the Formula 
Three opener for the Monaco Grand Prix Saturday. 
Iii a spectacular race that saw m ultiple accidents but no serious injuries, Pironi covered the 24 laps of the Monaco circuit unchallenged in 39 minutes. 48.3o seconds at an average speed of 69.48 m iles per hour. 
Second was Elio de Angeles, Italy, in a Chevron, in 
4o:oo.o8, ahead of Swede Andre Olofsson, the current leader of the European Formula Three champion­ ship. who was timed in 4o:14.96 in a Ralt. 

M a tth e w s 
Att 
P a r k e r 
P g h 
C jo h n so n 
Htn 
S im m o n s 
S tL 
Scott 
StL 
T riilo 
Chi 
E V ie n tin e 
M ti 
Sm ith 
L A 
R o se 
Cm 
M o o re 
Att 
S ta rg e ll 
P g h 
W infie ld 
SO 
O n tiv e ro s 
Chi 
B u rr o u g h s 
Att 
C e v 
L A 
O e J e su s 
Chi 
K H r n a n d i 
S tL 
Y e o g e r 
L A 
G riffe y 
Cm 
B iittn er 
Chi 
L u z m sk i 
P hi 
B a k e r 
L A 
O liv e r 
P gh 
O v e r 
P gh 
K ra n e o o o l 
N Y 
G F o s te r 
Cin 
F e rg u so n 
Htn 
M c C o v e v 
S F 
L o p e s 
L A 
M u r c e r 
Chi 
Siz e m o re 
P h i 
D o R a d e r 
S O 
B ro c k 
StL 
C a r te r 
M tl 
H e n d ric k 
S O 
C ro m rtie 
M tl 
G a r v e y 
L A je M o r a le s 
Chi 
B oo n e 
Phi 
M a d d o x 
P hi 
T m p leto n 
StL 
P o c o ro b a 
Att 
JG o n zaiez 
Htn 
B o isc la ir 
N Y 
Jo h n sto n e 
P h i 
M a d to c k 
SF 
Stennett 
P gh 
C a s h 
M tl 
R u sse ll 
L A 

89 
2o 
34 
142 
26 
54 
81 
14 
3o 
115 
23 
42 
77 
8 
28 
H O 
18 
39 
113 
17 
4o 

15 .382 
31 .38o 
14 .37o 
27 
36S 
16 .364 
17 .355 
17 .354 

P g h 
P g h 
P g h 
StL 

122 
33 
41 
IO 
27 .336 
129 
27 
43 t 
16 .333 
67 
I i 
22 
64 
12 
21 
159 
31 
52 
1o8 
14 35 
14o 
28 45 

5 
328 
16 .328 
35 .327 
16 
324 
34 .321 
131 
26 
42 
13 
42 .321 
129 
25 
41 
I 
14 .318 
1o7 
22 34 
1o5 
15 33 
137 
25 
43 
H S 
16 36 
128 
2o 
4o 
128 
22 
4o 
116 
17 
36 
71 
8 
22 
91 l l 
28 
124 
12 
38 
111 
14 
34 
121 
13 
37 
141 
28 
43 
119 
25 
36 
96 
14 
29 
11o 
IS 
33 
1o7 
16 
32 
97 
14 
29 
128 
16 
38 
122 l l 
36 
157 
3o 
46 
113 
12 
33 
93 
14 
27 
149 
17 
43 
125 
24 
36 
87 l l 
25 
8 
37 
6 
18 
91 
12 
26 
14o 
2o 
4o 
124 
14 
35 
135 
19 
38 
169 
23 
47 

129 
63 

24 .318 
17 .314 
13 .314 
18 .313 
21 
313 
18 .313 
18 .31o 
9 .31o 
9 .3o8 
21 .3o6 
17 .3o6 
5 
23 .3o6 
2 
IO .3o5 
25 .3o3 l l .3o2 
19 .3oo 
9 
299 
14 .299 
16 .297 
9 .295 
28 
293 
22 
292 
15 .29o 
2o .289 
11 .288 
19 .287 
7 .287 
12 .286 l l .286 
17 .286 
13 .282 
8 .281 
14 .278 

G o sso g e 
Te ku lve 
C a n d id a 
Schultz 
E a stw ic k 
Cin 
□ S u tto n 
L A 
K o o sm a n 
N Y 
H o u gh 
L A 
A tk in so n 
M tl 
R o g e r s 
M tl 
Sam b ito 
Htn 
R o o k e r 
P g h 
U rre a 
S IL 
Hooton 
L A 
Se a v e r 
N Y 
K F o r s c h 
Htn 
R F o r s c h 
StL 
B o n h a m 
Chi 
F in g e r s 
S D 
D e n n y 
S tL 
M n tfu sco ' 
S F 
L e rc h 
P h i 
R u th v e n 
A ll 
D e m e ry 
P gh 
G a r b e r 
P h i 
C arlto n 
P h i 
R o sm sse n 
S IL 
R ic h a rd 
Htn 
M a tlo c k 
N Y 
Sh irle y 
S D 
R R e u sc h e l 
Chi 
L e m o n g llo 
H tn 
R a u 
L A 
N o r m a n 
Cin 
B u rr is 
Chi 
E sp in o sa 
N Y 
A n d u ta r 
Htn 
Stan h o u se 
M tl 
John 
L A 
R iso n 
P g h 
C a m p 
Att 
M s r s m t h 
A ll 
H a lic k i 
S F 
T w itche d 
P hi 
H a n n a h s 
M tl 
B in g h a m 
Cin 
R h o d e n 
L A 
B a r r 
SF 

W A S 

E X P R E S S 
MEWS ALL­ 
OT/ SELECT­ 
ION WHILE AT 
HARLA W D A L E 

116 
17 32 
5 l f .276 
69 
9 19 
4 
IO .275 
1o2 
19 28 
4 
15 -275 
1o2 
13 28 
3 t i .275 
62 
IO 17 
2 
14 .274 
124 
15 34 
2 
It .274 
136 
18 37 
6 
22 .272 
96 
IO 26 
3 
IO .271 
67 
9 18 
I 
12 .269 
1o3 
16 27 
4 
23 .262 
92 
13 24 
I 
14 .261 
P IT C H IN G 
............................. 
3 or m o re d e c isio n s 
............ ... 
IP 
H B B S O W L E R A 
32 
16 14 39 
4 
o o.84 
24 
IO 8 12 
3 
o 1.o9 
42 
33 
7 25 
5 
o 
1.27 
18 
IS 
6 l l 
3 
o 
145 
26 
18 
4 12 
I 2 9.71 
62 
SO 2o 31 
6 
o 1.73 
62 
4o 2o 52 
3 
4 2.15 
46 
34 19 35 
3 
2 2.33 
IS 
14 
7 14 
2 
I 2.4o 
74 
71 16 54 
4 
3 2,43 
25 
16 
9 13 
3 
I 2.49 
37 
33 
9 19 
4 
I 2.65 
23 
17 
6 12 
I 
2 2.66 
49 
47 IS 36 
3 
I 2.72 
6o 
49 17 47 
4 
2 2.S3 
28 
3o 
8 17 
4 
2 2.86 
61 
56 2o 27 
6 
I 2 93 
54 
5o 17 28 
5 
2 3.13 
34 
32 
9 26 
3 
I 3.15 
45 
49 2o 18 
5 
o 3.18 
59 
61 16 46 
2 
6 3.19 
5o 
46 16 3o 
5 
2 3.2o 
42 
4o 17 26 
3 
3 3.21 
3o 
29 
9 l l 
3 
I 3.23 
22 
1 6 
4 1 5 
I 
3 3.27 
57 
5o 16 41 
5 
I 3.3o 
54 
49 15 21 
2 
5 3.33 
19 
52 23 47 
2 
3 3.36 
6o 
64 
7 46 
3 4 3.43 
44 
42 13 38 
I 
5 3.63 
54 
58 
17 26 
6 2 3.67 
51 
6o 
13 17 
I 5 3.71 
5o 
56 IO 28 
5 
o 3.75 
47 
4o 23 39 
3 
2 3.78 
52 
57 
16 27 
5 4 3 93 
36 
4o 
9 17 
2 3 4.oo 
51 
52 
24 23 
3 3 4.o6 
61 
56 
33 34 
3 6 4.o9 
39 
S6 
8 24 
3 2 4.12 
58 
47 
15 31 
3 2 4,14 
26 
31 l l 16 
2 
I 4 .IS 
32 
28 
6 
14 
2 
I 4.18 
45 
51 
17 31 
2 4 4.2o 
4o 
44 
23 32 
o 4 4.2o 
36 
41 
IS 2o 
I 4 4.21 
55 
71 
18 27 
4 3 4.25 
5o 
49 l l 29 
6 
I 4.26 
58 
7o l l 29 
5 4 4 34 
T . L . a v e r a g e s 

Note: S ta tistics in c lu d e s g a m e s th ro u g h M a y 16 
; except M id la n d at S a n A nto nio 
( M a y 12 D H , 
M a y 
13 IS). 

T E A M B A T T IN G 
A b 
R 
H 
H R 
R B I 
Pct. 
C l P a so 
881 
7o8 
29o 
33 
178 
329 
Sa n A ntonio 
744 
116 
226 
14 
1o2 
3o4 
M id la n d 
745 
131 
2o6 
16 
112 
.277 
A m a rillo 
93o 
39 
246 
IS 
12o 
.264 
Sh re ve p o rt 
IO U 
147 
26o 
19 
171 
.256 
A r k a n s a s 
956 
1o7 
743 
6 
89 
.254 lu .so 
9 ?l 
122 
223 l l 
1o6 
.247 
Ja ck so n 
98o 
137 
23o 
9 
113 
.235 

T O P 
B a se d 
IO H IT T E R S on 75 at b ats 
A B 
R 
H 
H R 
R B I 
Pct. 
K ubSki, E IP 
1o8 
28 
48 
o 
21 
.444 
Fischetti. S A 
83 
15 
33 
4 
7o 
.398 
W ash in gton , SA 
76 
17 
29 
o 
IO 
.387 
Peters, E IP 
88 
24 
33 
7 
22 
3/5 
Steim ack, E IP 
98 
14 
36 
4 
16 
.367 
L a n sfo rd , E IP 
93 
17 
34 
5 
31 
.366 
L a n d re a u x . E IP 
94 
37 
34 
IO 
31 
.36? 
Saferight, Sh r 
1o3 
17 
36 
5 
21 
.35o 
P erk in s, A m a 
1o8 
2o 
36 
2 
21 
.333 
Stupy, E IP 
78 
Id 
26 
I 
14 
333 

O ther Sa n A n to n io D o d g e r A v e r a g e s 
V illa ra n 
I 
o 
I 
o 
o 1,ooo 
F a rr 
39 
12 
15 
4 
14 
.385 
C o rd o v a 
8o 
8 
26 
2 
12 
.325 
W ebb 
96 
7 
29 
7 
13 
.3o2 
R u sh d e 
83 
15 
74 
I 
7 
.289 
L e o n a rd 
86 
13 
24 
o 
6 
.279 
M e y e r s 
OI 
8 
16 
I 
9 
.262 
H ance 
43 
4 
12 
o 
5 
.25o 
O dor 
14 
4 
3 
o 
o 
.714 
G a rriso n 
66 
13 
14 
o 
5 
212 
H o m e R u n L e a d e rs: L a n d re o u x . 
E l P a so . 
IO, 

K u ru sa k i, A rk 
Honevcutt. Stir 
D R o binson, Stir 
Scu rry. Stir 
D a rw in , Tut 
D e L o sSa n to s, A rk 
Com er, Tai 
Scott, Joe 
M cSp ad d e n , A m a 
37*’ j 
48 

B 'g ge rsta ft 
Patterson 
D. Sm ith 
K oo kier 
Pow er 
M artin 
Shirley 
Slocum 
Bobinge r 

29 
27 
I 
21 
o I 
o.62 
34^? 
38 l l 
25 
4 1 
I 87 
4o J 
76 
17 
39 
4 o 
2 OI 
35' 3 
33 
15 
78 
o 2 
2.o4 
42 
33 
28 
35 
3 o 
2 36 
26- a 
16 
13 
22 
IO 
2 36 
49 
45 
IS 
71 
I 5 
2 57 
47 
41 
15 
35 
3 3 
2 87 
* a 
48 
12 
22 
2 3 
2.87 

 o D o d ge r 
P itc h e r s 
19- 3 
21 
6 
6 
12 
2.75 
23 
26 ‘ 
4 
13 
1-o 
3 91 
U J ll ll 
13 
OO 
4 4o 
18! J 
21 
IO 
IO 
2 2 
5.4o 
26 
18 
26 
2o 
I ? 
5 88 
7o' j 
31 
IO 
IO 
2-1 
7.52 
19' 3 
28 
12 
14 l l 
8.38 
18-’ a 
27 
IO 
22 
o-1 
8.68 l l 
26 
5 
2 
o 2 
13.91 

P eters, E l P a so . 7; P a ge t, M id la n d , 6: L a n s fo r d , 
E l P a s o , 5; 
S a f e r ig h t , S h r e v e p o r t , 5; 
D a v is*, 
M id lan d , 5. 
R B I L e a d e r s : 
L a n s f o r d a n d L a n d r e o u * 
E l 
Paso , 31; P a g e l, M id la n d . 28; M u rr e ll. A m a r illo , 
24, B rant, J a c k so n , 23. 

T O P IO P I T C H E R S 
B a se d on 26 in n in g s pitche d 
IP 
H 
B B S O 
W L 
E R A 
H olland. Stir 
76 j 
12 
12 
21 
3 1 
o.34 
Haconelli, E IP 
32 
2o 
4 
IS 
4 o 
o 56 

M o st W in s 
R a c a n e lli. E l P aso , 4 o. D 
R o b in so n , 
Shre ve port 4 o. H on evcu tt, S h re v e p o rt. 4 1 
M ost Strik e o u ts: 
D- R o b in son , S h r e v e p o rt, 39; 
M ir a b e lla , T u lsa . 37; 
B e r e n g u e r , J a c k s o n , 36; 
D arw in, T u lsa , a n d Scott. J a c k so n , 35; 
Ducat sale 

Tickets for the first annual San 
Antonio North-South All Star basket­ ball gam e are on sale at seven loca­ tions. 
The ducats, priced at $2.oo, are available at American Sports Center, 
The Athlete’s Foot in Windsor Lark 
Mall, Potchernick’s, Wright Sports, 
Oshman's, and the athletic offices at 
St. Mary’s and Trinity. 
The contest, which will feature Gil­ bert Salinas of Burbank for the South and Charles Bean of Sam Houston for the North, is scheduled for 7:-TO p.m. dune :i at Trinity’s Sams Center Gvm. 
Brodie falls 

PARIS (A P ) - Tim 
Planehin, IS, of France sank a H5-foot putt on the 
18th green Saturday to defeat form er pro foot­ ball star John Brodie of 
San Francisco, I up. in the s e m if in a ls of the 
French amateur golf championship. 
Michel Gayon, also 18, beat Philippe Ploujoux at the 19th hole to set up an all-French 36-hole final 
Sunday at the 6,7oo yard par 72 St. Cloud course. 

Brodie, a former San 
Francisco 49er quarter­ back, was two down to 
Planehin after 12 holes, but puttied even with a par at the par three 13th hole, and a birdie at the par five I St Ii. 
They halved with pars at the !6th and 17th, w here 
B rod ie had a 
1o-foot putt that just slipped by the hole on the left. 

H ear a ll the new s a s it h a p p e n s on the new 
BEMTIOI 

Th© only scanning radio J c ap ab le of receiving over 6,ooo police, fire, or ofher public service broadcasts without crystals. a 

Now it is possible to hear 
The 
Bearcat 
1o1 is the more than 6,ooo public service world s first five-band scan- broadcasts 
... police, fire, ning radio ... it covers over weather, etc. ... on just one 6,ooo public service fre- 

RCennrrnt9in i1oni,or n8W ttuencies- plus the Ham Radio 
Band. 
Bearcat IOC 

The 
Bearcat 
1o1 is sy n ­ thesized 
... if doesn t use crystals. 
You program the channels you want to hear ... change frequencies whenever you wish ... and never buy a crystal. 

 from Electra, the inventors of scanning monitors. 

ON SALE $268.95 

SAVE $81 OFF 

REO. $349.95 

THIS WEEK ONLY! 

TEM RO H K& A 

I r n 
Bearcat puts you there”. 

735-6179) 
2 71 7 Hillcrest 

LOU TAMEZ 

HAS MET THE REQUIREMENTS TO 
BE A MEMBER OF THE 
President’s 
Cabinet 

■ FAITHFUL PROTECTION 
SINCE 191o" 

Membership in the President's 
Cabinet represents a high level of achievement based on production, persistency and service. American-Amicable is extremely proud of this individual, who along with his wife, was the personal guests of the Company's President at the annual convention in San Francisco. 

A rn Brie an A m ica b le 
LIFE INSURANCE COM PANY 

Executive Offices • American Amiceble Building • Ween, Tuxes 

 t 

Nicklaus rallies 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

DUBLIN, Ohio — Host Jack Nicklaus, victim of a four-stroke swing on a single hole, birdied the 18th and closed within a stroke of longshot leader Bobby Wadkins in 
Saturday’s third round of the $225,ooo 
Memorial Golf Tourrnament. 

Nicklaus, the tournament's sponsor and prime mover, had to rally from a double bogey seven for a 
7o and a three-round total of 21o. 
^Wadkins, 25. a softly-drawling native of Rich­ mond, Va. who has yet to win iii three years of tour activity, shot a 8o and put together a 54-hole total of 
2o9. That was seven under par on the M airfield 
V illage Golf Club course that was designed and built by Nicklaus as his dream course. 
It turned into something of a nightmare for the mighty Nicklaus, however, when he got around to the 538-yard lith hole. 
Nicklaus, who had birdied two in a row and ap­ peared to be making his move, was tied with Wad­ kins at the time and the huge gallery was tensed and expectant. They waited for the Golden Bear to sweep past the kid who got into the elite, invitational event only as an alternate. 
But Nicklaus made double bogey seven and Wad­ kins, playing just behind him, scored an eagle three. 
Ii was a four-stroke sw ing that sent Nicklaus spin­ ning back into the starry field and one that lilted 
Wadkins to sole control of the top spot entering the final round. 
The chase ends Sunday for a $45,ooo first prize and the title in an event that seems destined for major 

 championship status. 
Nicklaus, however, birdied the next hole with a 
12-foot putt, dropped back to four strokes behind with a bogey from a bunker on the 14th. Then he birdied the 15th with a two-putt after a magnificent, hooking, three-iron shot under and around trees. 
Wadkins bogeyed the next hole, three-putting, and his lead was back to two. It was at that margin when the national television coverage ended. 
But Nicklaus wasn’t through. He jerked a re­ sounding roar from the throats of the big gallery when he holed a 35-foot explosion shot from a bunker for a birdie on the final hole that cut the margin to one. 
Rookie Mark Lye fought his way to a 7o and was third at 211. Australian David Graham, with a 88, was next at 212. 
Most of the rest of the field, however, had nothing but trouble on a hot, hazy, windy day that Nicklaus called the “ most difficult playing conditions we've had in two years.’’ 
The group at 214 included South African Gary 
Flayer, Masters king Tom Watson and Hubert 
Green. Player once holed a bunker shot for a par on the way to a 76. Watson bogeyed four of his last five holes for a 73. Green matched par 72 with a bogey on the last hole. 
Jerry McGee, who shared the lead with Flayer after two rounds, blew to a 79, including 42 strokes on the back nine, and dropped eight strokes off the pace at 217. He was tied at that figure with defending titleholder Roger Maltbie, who shot 7o. 
Lee Trevino was 72-218, Hale Irw in 74-221, Johnny 
Miller 77-223, Arnold Palmer 7o-223. 
Memorial results 

IGRAND OPENING! 
SPECIAL 

AT 
NEW LOCATION 

(2o45 So. W.W. White Rd.) 
(COMPLETE BRAKE JOI 

MOST u.s cm W ORUM] 

BRAKES. 
INCLUDES 
— | 

I RESURFACE 
DRUMS, 
IN­ 

STALL NEW LINING, PACK! 

[front wheel b e a r in g ! 

REBUILD 
WHEEL 
CYLIN-I 

DERS, ADJUST ALL BRAKES.! 

HIGH SPEED WHEEL BALANCING 
$ 1 I 9 9 
ALL FOUR WHEELS 
. 
I 
I 
->.*1 
SH O C k ; A BSQR BERS'. 
SAFETY BRAKE 
SERVICE 
YO UR SAFETY IS O U R BUSINESS 
2o45 SO. W .W . WHITE RD. 
3 3 3 -3 5 3 5 

Bobby Wadkins 
JackN icklaus 
M ark Lye 
D avldG rabam 
HubertGreen 
G a ry P la ve r 
Tom Watson 
TomWeiskopf 
Joelnm an 
GibbvGilbert 
Tom Kite 
FuzzyZoeller 
Je r ry M cGee 
B^bMurphy 
BruceD evlin 
LouGraham 
Roger Maltbie 
LeeTrevino 
A ndyBean 
Victor Regalado 
Tom Purtzer 
BruceLietzke 
ChiChlRodriguez 
BobE. Smith 
GilM organ 
LonHinkle 
BobWynn 
Tom Jenkins 
DaveStockton 
Ray Floyd 
LvnLott 
PeterOostertiuis 
G aryM cC ord 
JC .S n e a d 
RikMassengale 
JohnSchroeder 
H alelrw in 
Jo ePortcr 
CharlesCoodv 
GeneLittler 
StanLee 
Fred M arti 
Hom eroBlancas 
J o h n n v M ille r 

68 72-69 -VOV 
72-68-7o—21o 
68 73-7o-211 
74 7o 68-212 
71 71 72—214 
7o-68 76-214 
71 7o 73—214 
71 71 73— 215 
71 73 71—215 
72 7o 75— 217 
73-7o-74-217 
72 67-78 - 217 
7o 68 79-217 
72 72 73— 217 
71 74 72-217 
77-7o-7o— 217 
72 75-7o— 217 
72-74 72-218 
74-72-72-218 
72-76 7o—218 
76-68-75—219 
7o-76 73-219 
7o 76 73—219 
76 71 72-219 
76 75-68 -219 
77 7? 71-22o 
76 75-69—??o 
17-74 69— ??o 
71-76 73-22o 
72-75-73-22o 
7175-74 - 22o 
74 71 75-22o 
71-73-76-22o 
71 73 77-221 
73 73 75-221 
74 73-74-221 
72-75 74-221 
75-74-72— 221 
78 72-71-221 
76 75 7o-221 
75-76 71-222 
71 75 77— 223 
73 74 76-223 
74 72-77— 223 

Datny Edw ard s 
Jlm Sim ons 
JohnSchtee 
Jo h n tiste r 
EdSneed 
ArnoldPalm er 
AndvNorth 
Jim M asserio 
MlkeMcCullough 
DonBies 
BobGilder 
ForrestFeler 
G eorgeArcher 
W allyArm strong 
M acM cLendon 
KosakuShim ada 
ArtW all 
OrvilleMoodv 
LeonardThompson 
Bu tchBaird 
GeorgeBurns 
DaleHaves 
Fran k B eard 
RonCerrudo 
M ikeM orley 
LarryN elson 
LuLiangH uan 
G avBre w e r 
GeorgeCadle 
RexCaldwell 
Rod 
Curl 

72 73 /8 -223 
73-74-76-223 
77 72-74-223 
75 74 74-223 
74 74 /5—223 
79 74 7o-223 
73 74 77-224 
77 73 74-224 
74 74 76—224 
71 79 74-224 
76 73-/6- 224 
75-75-75-225 
76 75-74- 225 
77 76 72-225 
77 75-75-225 
75-74 76- 225 
72 8o 73-225 
76 76 74-226 
76 72 78 - 226 
74-79 73-226 
76 73 79-227 
77 75 75—227 
79 73-76-228 
76 77 75-228 
74 /2-83-229 
75-78 76-229 
75 77 78-23o 
76 76 78-23o 
74-78-78-23o 
73-8o 8o-233 
75-77-81—233 
Coaches in m eet 

INVESTMENT 
OPPORTUNITY 

Se e k in g ow ner- op erators to estab lish fa st-fo o d restaurants in 
S a n A n to n io area. E x ­ cellent gro u n d flo o r o p p o rtu n ity for la n d ­ ow ners, b u ild ers, d e ­ velopers an d investors 

U n iq u e o n e -sto p c o n ­ cept se rvin g A m e ric a ’s favorites: h am b u rgers, ch icke n , fish, d a iry bar an d o ld -fa sh io n e d deep- dish co b b le rs. 

D o n 't let this o p p o r ­ tun ity slip b y — call tod ay 
G ra n n y 's B a sk e t Inc. 
(51 2) 828-961 
(o u t-o f-to w n call colle ct) 

 to d a y — 
I 
I 
G ra n n y 's B ask e t In c. f 
J (51 2! 8 2 8-96 11 
1 
I (o u t-o f-to w n call 
I j co lle ct) 
J 

ST. SIMONS ISLAND. 
Ga. (AP) — The athletic directors and head foot­ ball and basketball coaches of the Southeas­ tern Conference meet this week to talk over the chances of a league championship basketball tournament, 
A spokesman for Com­ missioner 
Boyd 
McWhorter said in Bir­ mingham, Ala., that the officials of the IO schools also would review the success of the SEC ’s first-ever baseball tournament. 
The spokesman said the group also would talk about the formation of proposed College Foot ball Association, an or ganization of major schools within the Na tional Collegiate Athletic 
Association. 
■:'GLOBE' 

SERVICE CENTER H O U R S 
M O N D A Y -E R ID A Y 9 -9 SA T U R D A Y 9 -o 
CLOSED SU N D A Y 

7142 N. SAN PEDRO AVE. 
238 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

MD. 
ZI: 
IXC IAX: 
A/8 13 
I 
73 
BZQ I 3 
I BO f / 8 13 
2 OI 
867 U 
188 

DUNLOP GLASS 
BELTED TIRE! 
2 POLYESTER CORDS PLUS 
2 FIBERGLASS BELTS 
14" 

WHITES 
! 
PLUS 
ANLY 
3.oo 
EACH! 

COUPON! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT 
A 8 8 wi,h 

 coupon 
* 
Reg. Value 7.88 j 

Set Camber, 
Caster 
& 
Toe. 
Shims & labor included. Offer 
J arums a labor included. Ofter 
J 
I good for most U S. cor,, ports * 
| extra if needed. 
I 

INSTALLATION 
INCLUDED! 
••WHITE PRICE 

LUBRICATION q 
SPECIAL: 
° 

88 
SOW Weight 

C h a n g e 
O il 
8 
Replace 
O il 
Filter 
M a jo r Bran d Orl. For m ost cars with gre a se fittings 
... m ax. 5 quarts 
) 88 

I (M O W Weight 

 g* m am 
*** mc iii: 
" A l o e t a n in 

 a m cn-ti in 
BS tti-14 ie* 

W HITEWALL 
PLUS ONLY 
$3.oo EACH! ‘Fly ratings or* manufacturer s ratings I specrhcetsom 

DUNLOP 4 FULL PLY* 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

 seats 
1.77 26H 
2 9 H 
9 4 S » * * w ■ 
JAMS 

8 8 MFI-11 rn 
RIB-14 
111 

INSTALLATION INCLUDED? "WHITE WICE 

DUNLOP GOLD SEAL 
STEEL BELTED BLACK RADIALS! 
PERFECT FOR SPORT/IMPORT! 

SIZE: 
HD 
EXC. TAX. 
WICE: 
155R-13 
1.67 
34.88 
16SR-13 
1.81 
36.88 
185/7o8-13 
I 95 
44.88 
165R-14 
1.89 
39.88 

165R-1S 
2.o3 
41.88 

2 STIEL 
BELTS 

 plus 

POLYESTER 

C O R D S ! 

SHOCKS ABSORBERS! 

8 

3 3 
PREMIUM 
HEAVY DUTY: 

Adjust to road ten 
(titians automatically under changing tem permutes 

GLOBAL MERCURY BATTERY! 
6o MONTH LIMITED WARRANTY! 
H’O W H O NEEDS IT?* 

LEVELLERS: 

Frogcessiye rot* spring steps sxi* twoy and adds comtarh and sale ty to your cat 
(front or roots) 

AIR-AOHKTARU 
SHOCKS: 
I EACH far cots or pres that cany rare loads 

 sizes TO HT MOST U S CARS, 
IMPORTS OR SCRU M . 
U pon InstaHatian AxttlaMt. 

‘ The GLOBAL MERCURY 
BATTERY is like a CAMEL 
,.. you'll most likely never need lo odd wafer to this boilery again. The Battery of 
Tomorrow here Today) 

MODEL CLOSEOUT 
SALE! 
AUTO AIR CONDITIONERS 

1 5 9 
8 8 UNIT 
PRICE 

INSTALLATION 
INCLUDED 

(OLE rapksiemtnt within 9o days of purchase it battery praxes detective After 9o days, we repine* battery ii defective A ehotg* only for period of ownership Hosed on itguloi selling price of time of return, pco-roted on number of months wonantied 
FREI INSPECTION OF ALTERNATORS 
A REGULATORS AT N O O BLIG A TIO N . 

♦rom 

Deluxes • Slimline* • Customs 

Save Now! Units fit most cars and pick-ups. Installation Avail able. All Soles Subject to Mer­ chandise on hand. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday May 22 I 977 

Brown tops 

H 
4 * * 
Sh­at 

All-City stars 

Continued from Page IS 

W A D K IN S putts during Saturday ac­ tion 
A P W IR E P H O T O 

 learn with pitchers Rene Menehaea and Frank Davalos, and outfielder 
Benny Silva. 
Ray Corbett of Clemens tied Briseno fur the catcher’s spot and deadlocked 
Bonnie Gonzales of Holy Cross for the designated hitter’s position. 
First baseman David Pollock of 
Central Catholic completes the star infield. Frank De La Garza of South 
San gained six of nine possible votes for one outfield berth, while Silva and 
Ricky Blair of Southwest tied for the other outfield berth. 
Rod Willis of Marshall. Jesse San­ chez of Kennedy, and David Gusman of 
Holy Cross round out the pitching staff. 
Willis and Davalos both had five votes, while Menehaea, Sanchez, and Gus­ man had four in tho close voting. 
Puente. Davalos, Montemayor, and 
Gusman are juniors, while Silva is a sophomore. 
Just missing berths were pitcher 
David Talamantez of Roosevelt, catcher Nike Hagen of Cole, first baseman Freddie Trevino of Jefferson, and outfielders Tommy Espinoza of 
Lanier, Raymond Cervera of St. Ger­ ard’s, and Steve Tiotze of Marshall. 
Puente, who had 28 stolen bases, had a .444 average to lead the club in bat­ ting. Pollock had seven homers and .‘IB 

 runs batted in to lead both categories, and he and Terry Salazar both hail eight doubles, and Ray Corbett slammed three triples. Silva scored SU times to head that department, and 
Gusman’s fabulous o.48 earned run average and Sanehez’s MB strikeouts boosted the pitchers. Gonzales had .17 hits. 
The ov erall team average is .18o aud the pitcher's earned run average .is a blistering OJI. 
Elrod fuss 

SYRACUSE, 
N Y . 
( A P ) 
- 
Remember Elrod Hendricks? 
He is the veteran major league ba­ seball catcher who Manager Billy 
Martin wanted so badly on his New 
York Yankees’ roster. Martin wanted 
Hendricks so badly he blamed a recent 
Yankees* loss on the absence of Hen­ dricks, who is playing here. 
Martin’s remarks reportedly got him in trouble with the Yankees' front office, 
Meanwhile, Hendricks has been bat­ ting a meager .133 for Syracuse, the 
Yankees’ farm club here where Hie left-handed batter is a player*coach 
In ll appearances for th** Chiefs, 
‘Hendricks has had four hits, including one home run, in IO trips to the plate. 

Hj* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 I 977 

□ UA RD' o 
OUM VIER 
TI I VI E 

 summer sale value! save $5 on men’s cool mesh casuals 
19.9o 

Reg. $25. Comfortable mesh casuals are just perfect for your active sum­ mer lifestyle... made of fine grained leather, black, brown or white, Th to 
12, N to M 
Men's Shoes 

I Oil lard Js 

T e n n i s 

Ita lian O p en 

R O V E ( A P I - 
S u m m a r ie s of e v e n ts S a t u r d a y a t the it a lia n 
O p en tennis tou rn am e n t: 
W o m e n ’s S in g le s 
Se m ifin a ls 
R e n a t ta T o m a n o v a , C z e c h o s - lo v o K iQ , b e a t L a u r a D u p o n t , 
M atth e w s, N C.. 6-4. 4 6. 6 2 
J a n e t N e w b e r r y , L a J e n a , 
C a n t . beat M o n a P in te ro v a . C i e ch o sio vatd o , 2-6, o 4 , 6 I 
W om en s D o u b le s 
S e m ifin a ls 
B r id g e t C o v o e r s a n d M o r i s a 
K r u g e r , South A fr ic a , b e at D o n te la M o r z o n o . It a ly a n d C h r i s 
O 'N e ill, A u stra lia , 6 1. 4 6, 6 4 
In s Rtedcl, W est G e rm a n y , a n d 
J a c k ie Favter, B rita in , beat A n n e 
B ru n in g a n d S h a ro n W a lsh , S a n 
F ra n c isc o , C alif , 6 1.6 1 
M e n s S in g le s 
Se m ifin a ls 
T o n m o Z u g o r e iii, tta tv . b e a t 
Phil Dent. A u stra lia , 6 4. S t, 6 4, 
6 2 
V it c s G e ru ia d 'S , N e w Y o rk , led 
B r ia n Gottfried, F o rt L a u d e rd a le . 
F la . 6-2, I 6, 4 6, su sp e n d e d . 
M e n s D o u b le s 
Se m ifin a ls 
S h e r w o o d 
S t e w a r t . 
G o o s e 
C re e k , te n ., a n d F r e d M c N a ir 
C h e w C h ase, M d ., beat Hie N o s tose . R o m a n ia , a n d J o n K o d e s. 
C z e c h o slo va k ia , I S, 7 6. 
N C A A D iv isio n III 
At Ja ck so n , M iss. 
S in g le s F in a ls : 
A J 
S h a k o . 
C la r e m o n t , C a lif,, d e i 
L o r r y 
D a v id so n , Sw a rth m o re , Po., S t. 
6-3. 6 2, 7-6 (5 4) 
D o u b le s F in a ls : 
B e n j o h n s a n d S te w a rt j a c k s o n . W a s h in g ton & Lee, Va., d e l 
S h a k o a n d 
R ic h D o r m a n . C la r e n in t. 7 6. 
6 2, 3-6. 6 7, 6 2 
T e a m T o ta ls 
I, „ w o r t h m r a r e ; 
2. 
C l a r e m o n t a n d 
W a sh in gto n & Lee, tie. . h u ll 
N a tio n a l B a sk e tb a ll A sso c ia tio n 
F in a ls 
B est-of-Seven 
All T im e s C O T 
S u n d a y 's G a m e 
P o rtla n d at P h ila d e lp h ia , 12:3o p.m., first g a m e of se rie s 
T h u rsd a y, M a y 26 
P o rtla n d of 
P h ila d e lp h ia , 
8 p.m . 
Su n d a y 
M o y 19 
P h ila d e lp h ia at P o rtla n d , 2: JO p.m. 
T u e sd ay, M a y 31 
PhiideiD h ia at P o rtla n d . 8 o rn 
F rid a y , Ju n e 3 
P o rtla n d at 
P h ila d e lp h ia . 
8 p m if n e ce ssa ry 
Sunday, Ju n e S 
P h ila d e lp h ia at P o rtla n d , tim e to announced, it n e c e ssa ry 
W e d n esd ay, Ju n e 8 
P o r t la n d o f P h i la d e lp h ia 
8 p m., it n e ce ssa ry llo<*k«»v 

W O R L D 
* H O C K E Y 
A S S O C IA T IO N 
P L A Y O F F S 
F Best-o f-Seven 
A ll T im e s C D T 
W e d n e sd a y 's G a m e 
W in n ip e g 6, Q ueb ec I 
F r id a y s G a m e 
Q uebec 4, W in n ip e g 2; se rie s tied at 2-2 
S u n d a y 's G a m e 
W in n ip e g at Q uebec, 7 p m 
T u e sday, M a y 24 
Quebec at W in n ip e g 
T h u rsd g y , M a y 26 
W in n ip e g at Q uebec, 7 p m it n e c e ssa ry 
T r i l l * I* 

A l A W N A T IO N A L S 
F in al team re su lts of the N o ­ tio n a l A s s o c ia t io n o f in t e r c o l­ le g ia t e A t h le t ic s fo r w o m e n s fro ck m eet co m ple ted S a tu r d a y in L o s A n g e le s 
U C L A 86; C al- 
N o r t h r i d g e 73; 
Io w a St. 41; 
T e n n esse e 4o; P ra irie V ie w A A M 
38; L o s A n g e le s S i 
3o; 
Seoftle 
P a c ific 24; A riz o n a St 
22; Lo n e 
B e ach St. 17; T e x a s W o m e n s U 
16; N e v o d a -L a s V e g a s 14 O the r 
T e x a s t e a m s . 
T e x o s A A M 8, 
Stephen F. A ustin 76; 
T e x a s E t 
P a so 6. 
A u t o l l 't r i i i ” 

P A N A M E R I C A N 
S a t u r d a y s r e s u l t s ; 
H o b b y 
Stock 
H e lm e t — G o r y C h a p p e ll; 
I s l H e a t — D a n n v 
R ie m n g e r . 
2nd H e a t - J im m y 
V a u g h n . 
C o n s o la tio n — B ill C o n s t a b le . 
M a in E v e n t — 
D a n n y Ste w art 
Supe r Stock 
1st H e at a n d con eolation — R ice! W o re Jr.; 2nd 
H e a t — P a u l H o r e lk a ; 
W a in event — D w igh t H a m ilto n 
M in i 
S to c k : 
H e at - B o b b y P e lio n ; 
M a in event — N e al M c C o r v e v . 
F ig u r e 8 — A lle n V a s s b m d e r . 
F a n race — E d w a rd R ic k e d 

I t l l N e l l i s 11 

A M E R I C A N L E A G U E 
E A S T 

H o r r o r 
<»olf 

 w e st 

 w 
L 
P ct 
G B 
19 
14 
576 
— 
19 
15 
.559 
' J 
2o 
16 
.556 
2o 
19 
S U 
2 
16 2o 
.444 
4' 7 
17 
22 
436 
5 
12 21 
364 
7 

24 
13 
649 
22 
14 
.611 
I ) 
18 
16 
579 
4 I 
18 
18 
.5oo 
S , 
18 2o 
474 
6' i 
18 2o 
474 
6 , 
15 
28 
.349 
12 

B a ltim o re 
Boston 
N ew Y o rk 
M ilw a u k e e 
Detroit 
Toronto 
C le v e lan d 

M in n e so ta 
C h ic a g o 
T e xas 
K a n s a s City 
O a k la n d 
C a lifo rn ia 
Seattle 
F r id a y s G a m e s 
M ilw a u k e e IS, B o sto n 7 
B a ltim o re 6, N e w Y o rk S 
Toronto 4, T e x o s 3 
K a n s a s C ity 4, C le v e la n d o 
De troit 7, C h ic a g o 4 
C a lifo rn ia J, M in n e so ta o 
O a k la n d 14, Se attle S 
S a t u r d a y 's G a m e s 
B a ltim o re 4. N e w Y o rk 3, 12 in n in g s 
B o sto n IO, M ilw a u k e e 9 
Seattle 7, O a k la n d 6 
De troit 3, C h ic a g o 2 
Toro nto 9, T e x a s 6 
C le v e la n d at K a n s a s C ity, (n ) 
M in n e so ta at C a lifo rn io , (n ) 
S u n d a y 's G a m e s 
B a ltim o re ( M o v 4 4 a n d M c G r e g e o r I O) at N o w 
Y o rk (H o ltz m a n 2 3 an d H u n te r 12), 2 
M ilw a u k e e ( C o r f l l a n d S c a r e 1-2) o f B o s t o n 
(C le v e la n d 2-3 a n d J e n k in s 4-3), 2 
D e tro it (R o z e m a 3-1) a t C h ic a g o (W o o d o-o o r 
K n a p p 4-1) 
C le v e la n d (B ib b y 2 -D at K a n s a s C ity (L e o n a r d 
2 JI 
M in n e so ta (Z o h n A l ) at C a lifo r n ia (S im p s o n 3-3) 
Seattle (P o le O I I o f O a k la n d (B lu e 3-3) 
Toronto (J e ffe rso n 1-3) at T e x o s ( A le x a n d e r 5-1). in ) 

N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
E a s t 
W 
L 
Pct. G B 
P ittsb u rg h 
24 12 
667 
— 
C h ic a g o 
23 12 
6S7 
St L o u is 
22 14 
611 
2 
P h ila d e lp h ia ie 17 
.si4 
S '; 
M o n tre a l 
13 2o 
.394 
9 '? 
N ew Y o rk 
14 2? 
,389 IO 
W e st 
L o s A n g e le s 
3o 
9 
769 
— 
C in cin n ati 
17 19 
477 l l * 
H ouston 
16 72 
471 1 3 'z 
San D ie go 
16 24 
,4oo 14 j 
San F r a n c isc o 
14 23 
.378 IS 
A tlanta 
13 26 
.333 17 
F r id a y 's G a m e s 
So n D ie g o 12, M o n tr e a l 4 
L o s A n g e le s 6, P ittsb u rg h I 
C in cin n ati 6. N e w Y o rk 2 
H ouston 5, P h ila d e lp h ia 2 
Son F r a n c isc o 7, St L o u is S 
C h ic a g o 13. A tla n ta 4 
S a t u r d a y s G a m e s 
San F r a n c is c o 8, St. L o u is S 
C in cin n ati 8. N e w Y o rk 7 
L o s A n g e le s 4, P ittsb u rg h 3 
San D ie go at M o n tre a l, (n ) 
C h ic a g o 9. A tla n ta 3 
P h ila d e lp h ia 7, H o u sto n 4 

S u n d a y s G a m e s 
N ew Y o rk (K o o sm o n 3-4 a n d E s p in o s a 2-3 or S w a n 
1-4) at C in cin n ati ( B iilm g h a m 4-3 a n d A lc a ic 1-1) 2 
L o s A n g e le s (S u t to n 6 o) a t P i t t s b u r g h ( C o n d e le io SO) 
So n F r a n c is c o ( B a r r 5-3) a t St. L o u is (D ie r k e r 
OO), 2:15 p m 
C h ic a g o (B o n h a m 5-2) of A tla n ta (L e o n l l) 
San D ie g o (G riffin 3 2 or D A a m sto O O) at M o n ­ treal (R o g e r s 4 3) 
P h ila d e lp h ia (C h r iste n so n 3-4) at H o u sto n (B o n m ster 1-2) 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
W e st D iv isio n 
W 
L 
P ct 
G B 
£ I P a so 
29 
IO 
666 
— 
A m a rillo 
16 
15 
516 
4 ; 
M id la n d 
15 
16 
484 
5 '? 
So n A ntonio l l 
E a s t D iv isio n 
2o 
.355 
9 ' 2 

Sh re ve po rt 
21 
13 
.6)8 
— 
Ja ck so n 
16 
17 
4o5 
JI j 
T ulsa 
16 
17 
.485 
4' J 
A r k a n s a s 
13 
2o 
394 
71 2 
F r id a y s G o m e s 
J a c k so n at A m o rin o , p p d rain 
M id la n d 6, A r k a n s a s 5 
T u lsa ll. S a n A n to n io o, 2nd g a m e ppd., ra in 
E l P a s o 5. S h re v e p o rt 3 
S a t u r d a y 's G a m e s 
A m a rillo 8. J a c k so n 7, 12 in n in g s 
M id la n d 5, A r k a n s a s 4 
T u lsa 5-6. S a n A n to n io 4-S. 2nd g a m e 8 in n in g s 
E l P a s o 6, S h re v e p o rt 5 
S u n d a y ’s G a m e s 
A r k a n s a s at A m a rillo 
J a c k so n at M id la n d 
Son Antonio at S h re v e p o rt 
E l P a s o at T u lsa 

N O R T H A M E R I C A N S O C C E R L E A G U E 
A tla n tic C o n fe re n c e 
N orth 
W 
L 
G F 
G A B P P l 
Toronto 
3 
4 
9 
9 
9 
27 
St L o u is 
3 
5 
7 
17 
7 
25 
R o ch e ste r 
7 
4 
5 
8 
5 
17 
C h ic a g o 
I 
6 
7 
16 
6 
12 
Co n n ecticu t 
o 
7 
4 
21 
4 
4 
E a s t 
T o n ic a B o y 
6 
2 
21 
8 
18 
54 
C o sm o s 
5 
3 
15 
IO 
15 
45 
Ft L a u d e rd a le 
5 
2 
12 
IO l l 
41 
W a sh in gto n 
4 
3 
IO 
7 
IO 
34 
P a c ific C o n fe re n c e 
South 
D o lia s 
5 
3 
16 l l 
16 
46 
L o s V e g a s 
6 
2 
'4 l l u 
45 
L o s A n g e le s 
4 
3 
15 
7 
12 
36 
So n Jose 
4 
3 
IO 
12 
IO 
34 
H gw oM 
4 
5 
IO 
19 
IO 
34 
W e st 
M in n e so ta 
5 
2 
13 
6 
13 
43 
P o rtla n d 
4 
4 
12 
12 
12 
36 
V a n c o u v e r 
3 
4 
8 
8 
8 
26 
Seattle 
7 
4 
7 
IO 
7 
19 
F r id a y s G o m e s 
C h ic a g o 4, T a m p a B o y I 
L a s V e g a s 1, V a n c o u v e r o 
P o rtla n d I. L o s A n g e le s o 
S a t u r d a y 's G a m e s 
W a sh in gto n 2, St L o u is o 
F o rt L a u d e rd a le 2, R o c h e ste r ) 
D o ito s 2. C o n n e cticu t o 
So n j o s e at Seattle 
S u n d a y s G a m e s 
C h ic a g o a t C o sm o s 
V a n c o u v e r a i L o s A n g e le s 
P o rtla n d at M in n e so ta 
L a s V e g a s at H a w a ii 

A M E R I C A N S O C C E R L E A G U E 
E a s te r n D iv isio n 
W 
L 
T 
G F 
G A B P P ts 
C le v e lan d 
2 
o 
o 
6 
4 
6 
16 
New Y o rk 
2 
o 
o 
5 
I 
5 15 
N e w Je rse y 
1 
2 
o 
9 
9 
5 
1o 
N e w g n g lo n d 
1 
2 
o 
3 
5 
3 
8 
C o nnecticut 
o 
2 
o 
6 
IO 
5 
5 
W e ste rn D iv isio n 
S a c ra m e n to 
2 
1 
2 
8 
5 
8 22 
Sa n ta B a r b a r a 
1 
1 
2 
8 
5 
6 15 
L o s A n g e le s 
1 
1 
1 
J 
4 
4 l l 
C a lifo rn ia 
I 
2 
I 
4 
IO 
4 l l 
T o l a n i * 
W O R L D T E A M T E N N IS 
E a s t 
W L P ct. G B 
B oston 
IO 
2 
.833 
- 
N ew Y o rk 
8 
2 
.8oo 
I 
In d ia n a 
7 
6 
.538 3 ' 1 
C le v e Pitt 
5 
9 
.35/ 6 
The So vie ts 
3 
9 
.25o 
7 
W e st 
Pho enix 
7 
2 
.778 - 
S e a p o r t 
7 
3 .7oo 
G o ld e n G ate 
5 
4, 
.556 2 
Sa n D ie go 
3 
8 
273 41 1 
L o s A n g e le s 
I l l 
.o83 7' 1 
W e d n e sd a y ’s M o tc h e s 
Se a P o rt 26, L o s A n g e le s 74 
N ew Y o rk 27, C le v e P it) 22 
T h u r s d a y s M a tc h e s 
G o lde n G a te 26. So vie ts 21 
Phoenix at 27, S e a P o rt 21 
F r id a y s M a tc h e s 
N ew Y o rk 25, L o s A n g e le s 24 
C le v e lan d 29, S a n D ie g o IS 
S a t u r d a y 's M a tc h e s 
C leve Pitt 3o, In d ia n a 12 
B oston 29, S a n D ie g o 19 
N ew Y o rk at G o ld e n Sto le 
S u n d a y 's M a tc h e s 
Pho enix vs. L o s A n g e le s, of A n a h e im C a lif 
N ew Y o rk vs. S e a p o r t . at Se attle 

H o r * * * lt a < * in $ » 

L O U IS IA N A O O W N S : 
F e o tu re - T o ta l T h re a t 
($42 2o). C o co d rie , N in a 's P rin c e ss. Six f u r lo n g s in 
' 15 
L A M E S A P A R K : 
D o n C o m in o ($5.6o). D is 

” o4C r' U k C ,o W ln 
F ’Ve ° nd one ho,f fu r lo n g s in 

S U F F O L K : 
F e a tu r e — C a p ta in P o u l ($8.2o), 
R o u n d Stoke, D o n o r Value. E ig h t f u r lo n g s in 1:36 
4 - 5 
C A L D E R : 
F e a t u r e — N o b le R o y a l 
($3 .6o ), 
H e ad Sp v . O rd e r in Court. Se ve n fu r lo n g s in 1:24 

S A N T A F E D O W N S : 
F e a tu r e — P o llv a m m y ' 
($22 6o), P ro u d Velvet, B u rn e d O U I 
Six fu r lo n g s in 1.13. 

R U ID O S O D O W N S : 
F e o t u r e - 
"• W in o b u x 
($15.6o), B a lc o n y B e a u Jim , F o l's W ish . Six f u r ­ lo n gs in I ;.14 3/5. 

S t i l l I S » * « ‘ l i a I I 

A L A M O C IT Y L E A G U E 
At C e n tra l C Y O F ie ld l l 45 a m 
— R u d v 's L o u n g e v s. C ity 
T r a n s ­ m ission . 2:15 o .m 
— L o P uente vs. B re n tw o o d . 
4.45 p.m . — D o y le 's B illia r d s vs. N e w b y 's. 

N o rth w e st L e a g u e 
At H o ly C r o s s F ie ld : N oo n — B ro w n B u g s v s 
S o lo s Cate (2 ); 5 p.m . — R a n d o ip n vs. D e n v e r 
H e igh ts 

C A R P E N T E R S 
M a r ty M a rtin e z , A l B ettie v. Ste^e B e ttie v. H e rb 
M u n so n , 4> 
T o m K r is k e . S c o tty M a r t in , O r v a l 
G e m e n tz . H G 
W ilso n , 42 
W o o d y 
T u c k e r. R o n 
N ove s. H o i P a r k e r , J a c k H o y d e n , 43. 
At Bettiev h ad a h o le in o n e in to u rn e y p la y on the 9o-yard, eighth hole 
H e use d o w e d ge 
F R E N C H A M A T E U R 
A t P a r is 
T im P ia n c h in , 18, of F r a n c e , de l fo rm e r p ro football sta r John B ro d ie of S a n F r a n c is c o . I u d . in the se m ifin a ls of the F r e n c h A m a te u r S a tu r d a y 
M ic h a e l G a v o n beat P h ilip p e P lo u io u x , 1-up in 19 holes in the other se m ifin al. 
S A C C W O M E N 
T h e S o n A n t o n io C o u n t r y C l u b s w o m e n s three d ay, m atch p lo y c lu b c h a m p io n sh ip b e g in s 
T u e sd o v Q u a lify in g ro u n d w ill be M o n d o v 

S C R A M B L E R S G A 
G r e g S o to . J o s e T r u iit lo . F r o n k S o to . 
R o u t 
C a lv illo . 77. 

R I V E R S I D E P R O - A M 
T h e R iv e r s id e C o u r se , b v the re q u e st of the go lfe rs, w ill r e s u m e its p ro a m S u n d a y o tter a ye ar s a b se n ce D e a d lin e for entrV ie 12:3o p.m . 

C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
S a tu r d a y s G o m e s 
P L A Y O F F S 
N C A A D iv isio n I E e g io n o ls 
A T L A N T IC 
A t C o lu m b ia , S C. 
South C a r o lin a 4. E a s t C a r o lin a I, E a s t C a r o lin a elim inated 
W a k e F o re st 9, South A la b a m a 6. W a k e F o re st a d v a n c e s into fin als 
S O U T H 
At M ia m i, F la 
M ia m i, F lo 6, M o re h e a d . K v 
I 
M is s is s ip p i 5, M o r e h e a d 2, M o r e h e a d e lim in a te d 
C le m so n 7, M io m i, F lo. 2. C le m so n a d v a n c e s to regio n finals 
M i a m i. 
Flo. 
5. 
M i s s i s s i p p i 
2. 
M is s is s ip p i elim inated 

B IG E IG H T T O U R N E Y 
K a n s a s St. 'o. K a n s a s 6, K a n s a s e lim in a te d 
O k la h o m a 13, M is s o u r i 6, O k la h o m a a d v a n c e s to tourne y fin als 
P A C E I G H T P L A Y O F F S 
South ern C a lifo r n io 8, W a sh in g to n St. 
I, U S C w in s se ve nth stra ig h t P o e E ig h t title 
Dodgers tumble 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
TULSA — The Tulsa Drillers swept the San Antonio Dodgers, 5-4, and, 6-5. in a Texas League doubleheader S a ­ turday night. 
A four-run fifth inning led to the 
Drillers’ opening victory. Mel Barrow led off with a homer. Blair Stouffer walked and stole second before Mike 
Bucci doubled him home to tie the score, 3-3. 

So n A n to n io (5) 
T u lsa (6) 
R H B I 
A B 
R H .B l 
4 o o o 
E M ir cf 
2 1 1 o 
4 o 1 o 
R e e d y 2b 
2 o o 1 
4 o o o 
S a m p le dh 
3 1 o o 
1 2 o o 
N k m fo c 
3 1 1 1 
4 o 1 o 
R u sse ll, c 
1 o o o 
2 1 1 2 
B u c c i bb 
4 1 3 1 
3 1 o o 
D im s lb 
1 1 o o 
3 o o o 
D u r o n ph lb 
2 o o o 
2 1 1 2 
E v a n s or 
o 1 o o 
27 5 4 4 
L ls! lf 
3 o 1 o 
B r r w rf 
4 o I 2 
Stouter ss 
4 o 1 1 
T o ta ls 
.29 6 8 6 

W sntn ss 
F sc h th 3b 
G r e sn cf 
L n e d rf 
H a n c e O H 
C. Sm ith lb 
F a rr . c 
O lla r lf 
M e v r s 
T o ta ls 

O N E O U T W H E N W IN N IN G R U N S C O R E D 
S a n A nto nio 
OOO 
1o4 
OO— S 
T u lsa 
IOO 
3o1 
o 1 - 6 
E - K u n k le r. F isch e tti D P — S a n A n to n io I. T u lsa 
I. L O B — Sa n A n to n io 6, T u lsa 8 2B — B u c c i. B a r ro w . 
H R — S m it h . M o v e r s , 
N a k a m o t a , 
S — R e e d y . 
S F — R e e d y S B — L e o n a rd , C. S m ith 
IP 
H 
R 
K u n k le r 
5 
4 
5 
D Sm ith (L, l l) 
2 4 
4 
I 
M ir a b e lla 
S ’ 3 
4 
1 
A rrin g to n (w, 3-2) 
2 U 
I 
2 
T — 2:12 A - 1426 

E R 
I 
I 
1 
2 

B B 
2 
3 
3 
2 

So n A n to n io (4) 
T u lsa (5) 

Howe Fun Saving Money 

AT t hour mc 
TRY OUR RTH ORICK PUI COURSE 

AT 1-1o A N D L O O P 4 1 o 

PRIZE WEEKI. Y FOR LOW SCORE WITH 

H O W TO PLAY: 
Regular Fee $2.oo for first 9 holes, $1.oo for second 9. 
1. Register in pro-shop. Pay fee. We furnish 6 balls color coded and numbered. One to four may play. You may use a golf pull cart or rent a powered cart. 
2. The course has 3 holes. Par 5, Par 4 and Par 3. 
There are three sets of tee markers per hole. 

3. Method of Play: a. Each player hits from each tee with his #1. #2 and #3 ball. then proceeds to advance each ball toward the green b. When on the green all players putt out starting with the player whose ball is the farthest distance from the pin. 
(Each player keeps their opponent s score.) c. Holes #1-2 -3 are Par 5. Holes #4-5-6 are Par 4. and Holes 
#7-8-9 are Par 3. All U S G A. rules apply Improve your Ile everywhere. 
4 lf a player loses a ball the cost is 3o* Markers aie provided if you use your own balls. 
ABOUT OUR FACILITIES: 
AT 12462 IH -35 N — Phone 654- 
188o 
• Clubhouse with the largest stock of clubs, bags, shoes, clothing and other golf equipment. 
• Parking— ample and free 
• M iniature 18 hole golf course— 75 c daytime. SI.O O 

At 1-1o and 41o 
3233 Loop 41 o — ta k e Cherry R idge or 
C allagh an Exit. Phone 349-1375 

• Parking— ample and free. 
• Clubhouse— with golf merchandise. 
• Beer Bar und snacks, soft dinks and sandwiches. 
• * i8 hole Practice Course 
• *9 Hole Quick Play Course 
• 9 Hole Par 3 Course (Practice) 
• Putting Green (328 Tifgreen) 36 holes. 
• G o lf Carts for rent when you play the Quick Play 
Course. 
• Covered Patio. 
• Friendly personnel and atmosphere of hospitality. 

 night. 5o‘ for second round. 
• 18 hole— * Practice Course 
• 9 Hole— 
‘ Par 3 
• Practice Putting Green itif-green 328) Free. W atch for weekly Putting Contest. 
• Super Boll— hit to huge ball for prizes. 
• Astro-Turf Putting Green 18 holes. 
• Bar— highballs 75 all day— free popcorn. 
• Food— hot and cold sandwiches— and Pizza s. 
• Patio— covered— with a great view of course. 
• And, above all, an atmosphere of friendliness and hospi­ tality. 
P.S.: We have a good selection of ladies' golf clubs, shoes, sox, (peds) dubs, golf bags and clothing. 

G O L F E R S H U R R Y F O R T H E S E S P E C I A L S ^ both locations. 
I Group of Polyester go lf slax by Spalding reg. price $29.95 go o d size ra n ge . . . our very special price (no returns— no refunds— try them on) ... 
I G roup of Polyester go lf shirts by Spaldin g color coordinated with the spe­ cial slax. reg. $17.95 . . . our very special price ................................... 

Top line— 9o com pression First Flight Golf Balls reg. 16.25 ....................... 

Ladies' Peds 

*14.95 

*9.95 

* y « i 

*.95 

Both Locations Open Sat. & Sun. 8 A.M. - Midnite, Tues.-Fri. 4 p.m. - 11 p.m. (Closed Mon.) 

Save $1.5o with these coupons 
SAVE *1.oo 

 with this coupon on I round of 

 the new QUICK PL AY COURSE a, 
I HOUR GOLF 
1-1o and Loop 41o 
Limit I coupon per person 
E -N 5 

SAVE 5o* 

 with this coupon on I round of 
MINIATURE 
I HOUR GOLF 
IH-35 at Judson Road 

 limit I coupon per person 
£<<N 5 

Title won by (duello 

MONTE CARLO (A P) short right hand midway 
— Miguel Cuello of Ar- through the round that g e n tin a c a m e oil the sent Cuello to the canvas, c a n v a s a lte r an e a rly 
Cuello was up at five and 

A B R H B l 
A B R H B l 
4 o o o 
Stouter ss 
3 1 o o 
4 1 2 o 
B u c c i 3b 
2 1 1 1 
3 o 1 1 
N ich to dh 
1 1 o o 
3 o o o 
R u sse ll c 
3 1 2 o 
2 2 o o 
D u ia n lb 
1 o o o 
3 o o o 
T h m s p h lb 
1 o 1 2 
3 1 2 2 
E. M llr cf 
3 o o o 
3 o 1 o 
E v a n s 2b 
3 o 1 o 
3 o o o 
B r r w rf 
2 1 1 1 
26 4 6 3 
L is i It 
3 o o o 
T o ta ls 
22 5 6 4 

W sh gto n ss 
F isch tti dh 
O lla r lf 
L e o n a rd cf 
W e bb 3b 
R sh d e rf 
C Sm ith lb 
H o n se c 
M v r s 2b 
T o tals 

S a n A ntonio 
T u lsa 
E — S to u ffe r. M e y e r s . E 
M il le r 
D P — T u ls a I. 
L O B — S. A 
4 T u ls a 5. ? B — O lla r , c . S m ith B u c c i 
T ho m as. 
H R — C. 
Sm ith. 
B a r r o w . 
S — B a r ro w . 
S B — Stouffer 
IP 
H 
R 
E R 
B B 
S O 
6 
6 
5 
4 
5 
1 
7 
6 
4 
1 
1 
4 

IOO 
2o1 
o - 4 
OOO 
14o x — 5 

B o b in g e r (L. o-4) 
D a rw in (W , 4-o) 

W P — D a rw in B — B o b in g e r P B — R u sse ll T — 1:55. 

Princess 
Princess Caroline of Monaco wears ear-protectors around her neck as she takes in the Formu­ la One Grand Prix race at Mon­ aco Saturday. — AF’ Wirephoto 
Hallberg wins 

P IN E H U R S T , N C. - G ary H all­ berg. playing with skill far beyond his 
18 years shot three-under p ar golf over 
33 holes Saturday to trim Mike Donald five and three in the finals of the North and South Amateur Golf Tournam ent. 
The 5-11. 15o-pound teenager from 
Barrington, 111., who has ju st com plet­ ed his freshman year at W ake Forest became the second youngest winner in the tournament's 77-year history. He will be 19 on May 31. In 1926. P age 
Hufty won. several months before his 
19th birthday. 
H allberg turned in an in cred ib le putting perform ance throughout the tournament. He played 137 holes in six matches, one of them 23 holes without three-putting. 
Lee eyed 

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (A P ) - Clyde 
Lee, a form er National B a sk e tb a ll 
Association player, is reported to be among the candidates for the head basketball coaching job at Austin Peay 
State University in Clarksville. 
L ee. a on e-tim e s t a n d o u t at 
V a n d erb ilt U n iv e rsity h e r e , w a s reported to be among som e 
7o candidates. 

 knockdown to knock out 
J e s s e B u rn e tt of L o s 
A n g e le s in the ninth round and win the vacant 
World B oxing C o m m is­ sion light heavyw eight title Saturday. 
D azed with fa t ig u e , 
Burnett took a short right hand, slumped on to the ro p e s and then went down on a left hook at 2 minutes, 49 seconds of the round. 
Listless 

The American had run out of ga s and appeared listless as the fight drew to a close. Bu rn ett had flown 22 hours to Monte 
Carlo on Thursday after the WBC strip p e d John 
Conteh of Britain of his title for refusing to fight 
Cuello here. 
B efore the fight, the 
Californian, who served seven y e a rs in F o lso m prison for arm ed robbery until 1971, complained of s t if f n e s s in h is u p p er rig h t thigh. H is m a n ­ ager. J e s s Reid, sought au th orization from the 
Monaco Boxing C om m is­ sion to inject a pain killer into the area, but did not receive a goahead. 
C uello, who w eigh ed 
173 pounds, is now un­ defeated in 21 fights, with 
2o of the victories coming by knockouts or THO. 
Burnett was on his feet when the Mexican refer­ ee, 
R a im u n d o 
S o lis, counted IO. 
Five minutes after the fight en ded, 
B u rn e tt staggered from the ring barely able to speak. He w hispered to reporters: 
“ I'm exhausted.” 
Serves 
Cuello, 31, opened the fight a g g r e s s i v e l y , charging at Burnett and landing a s e r ie s of left hooks in the first three rounds. 
But with the undefeat­ ed Argentine slowing the p ac e slig h t ly in the fourth. Burnett landed a 

 fighting again at eight 
B u rn e tt la n d ed fiv e m ore rig h ts before the bell, but the effort clearly tired him and C uello stayed away from trouble. 
In the fifth , B u rn e tt opened with two stiff left jap s and a cut on Cuello’s nose began to widen dan­ gerously under his eye. 
But Burnett was unable ‘ to profit from the oppor­ tunity and by the eighth round w as c le a r ly ru n ­ ning short on strength. 
V A C A T IO N 
M CO SPECIALS! 

 b t - y o u r f a v o r i t e * t t > r t ? 
IN O U R A U T O M O T I V E D E P A R T M E N T PRICES GO OD t h r u w ed 

LUBE, OIL A FILTER 
SPECIAL 

Here's what we do: 

• YOUR choice of any major oil brood in stock 
• INSTALL new ACE oil filter 
• COMPLETE chassis lubrication 
(fittings extra) 
• BRAKE fluid if needed 
• GEAR lubrication if needed 

 additional services extra 

AUTO AIR CONDITIONER 
CHECK A RECHARGE 

INCLUDES 
FREON 

• REFILL system with freon 
• TIGHTEN pulleys, belt*, & mounts 
• CHECK compressor, hose connec­ tions 
• LEAK check entire system 

SAFETY FLARES 

1 9 7 

#o7l5SP 

Three 15 minute flares. 

FIRE 
X 
EXTINGUISHER 
9 97 
25oR 

Ideal for vacation emergencies. 

HEAVY DUTY VINYL 
ZIPPER BAG 

Protect* your lug­ gage. Sizes to fit all carrier*. 

C A R TOP C A R R IE R S ANO TRAVEL A C C E S S O R IE S 

REDDI-RAK BAR 
CARRIERS 
CAPRI-PAK BASKET 
CARRIER 
HOLIDAY UNIVERSAL 
CARRIER 
LASH-TIYE 
ELASTIC TIE DOWNS 

#417 

*AII steel frame fits most cars. 
2397 

Fits ail cars, with or without rain gutters. 

 w O O lC O M A x e S .T t*sv (O S H C * ^® ® ^F^»t*i*VlS^HM IIOM tja^lM IT^OUANTm iV— X J O T J j H P O f J S ^ 

.Mf*.CMD MAI’IM CMAMCf MOO. CO C 

• C O NVJNIINT TIM i-A A Y M tN T 
• CON Y IH * INT lA H A W A T H A N 

IOO C IU SO 
N U A *O N o fS| A N D 
IJJ 111 I 

4*o 3 WIST 
527 IA I* 
2214 S.W 
27IU AUSTIN 
(OWMlACf 
AVIHUt 
NAltlTANT DA 
HWT A IW A iZ IM 
434 9411 
533 H S A 
424 1 AAI 
653 *461 

 m i MfADOw.iAf m 
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 
NIA* sum ach AT n rn aio SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 
A IS W 

SHOP W O O tCO 9:3o AM. TO 9:3o P.M. M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY 
^IREPUCEMENT o* MONEY GLADLY REFUNDED 
— 
— - 
/ 

 r 

Tale 

° f 
2 

 titles 

 r n 
\ 

M A R I L Y N R IN D F U S S 
. . . coach 

O’KEEFFE 

By KEVIN O 'K EEFFE 
OF THS EXPRESS N t W S S U P E 
Borrowing from the old-time jingle of a popular chewing gum company, the Trinity women's tennis team will “ double their pleasure and double their fun" by playing in TWO national^ championships this.year. 

Thanks to red tape, bureaucratic nonsense and some insatisable egos, the 
I STA and the AIAW will each hold a national tennis championship for colle­ giate women. 
The ISTA . which has held a tournament yearly since 1H68. will hold its championship in Tempe. Ari/... from May 3o until June 4. 
^11 t'lit* .MAW. sponsoring its first tennis championship ever. will hold its tourney .June 6 through June ll in Baton Rouge. 
La. 
Ideally, the groups will get together and co-sponsor a tour­ nament next season. At least that is what Trinity Coach Mari­ lyn Rindfuss. among others, is hoping. 
“ One tournament will be better for everyone.” Rindfuss claimed. “ It will be better for the players, the coaches, the schools and even for the two groups. 
“ Suppose we win the IS T A title and USC wins the AIAW. 
W ho is the national champion? There will bi- some doubt about the true national champ.” 
Also, adding to the problem of having two tournaments, is that some schools can not afford to go to both. Stanford and UCLA, two top teams, will not go to the I STA meet. 

B o th 
"We just don't have the time or the money to try both.” Stanford Coach Ann 
Hill explained. 
Rindfuss says Trinity will go to both “ as long as we can afford it.” She said she feels a little indebted to the USTA. Trinity is the defending champion of that meet, w inning two straight and three of the last four. “ The LISTA has done a lot for Women s college tennis.” Rindfuss said. “ It has also done a great deal for 
Trinity in particular. 
“ The AIAW has national championships in every other sport, so they finally have one now in tennis. 
“ The biggest difference in the two is that the UST A is open and the AIAW has a series of qualifying meets (Trinity won the regional last week in Dallas). The qualifying cuts out some of the lesser players, but it is also tedious. Basically, I agree with the scheme, however. 
“ The other differences are so trival it would make everyone sound like idiots. 
Remember if they do get together, some heads would roll. There just aren't enough committees to accommodate everyone.” Sandy Stap. an All-American and Trinity's top player, is happy to have two good tournaments and doesn't believe two possible national champions is that big a problem. 
"It is a great chance for us to play two tournaments with really great players.” Stap. a junior from Deerfield. 111., said. “ We have spent all of this year in Texas, playing a lot of those AIAW qualifying meets. We didn’t get a trip out West like last year. 
“ And if two different schools win the tournaments, they will each advertise themselves as a particular national champ. There is Forest Hills and National 
Clay Court—who is the national champion in that case.” 
Carrie Fleming. Trinity's other All-American, is also glad to have two meets. 
“ We will be playing a lot of tennis against top people,” Fleming said. “ And after playing in Tempe, we will be tournament tough for the next one. You know. you can practice a great deal and still not be tournament tough.” 
Stacy Bowman, a freshman, thinks. “ it is a little silly to have two cham­ pionship tournaments.” 
“ But since this is my first year, I can't really say much more.” Bowman explained. T i am just excited about playing period.” 
“ The I STA will be a really good tournament,” Ann Schroeder said. “ But I don't know about the .MAW. It s the first year. Those AIAW qualifying meets have been a real hassle. They will have to come up with a better system. “ I hope maybe next year (Ann's last at Trinity) they have just one tournament again. The main thing about the tournament is to decide who is the national champ.” 
Fleming wins 

DALLAS — Trinity's Carrie Fleming won the singles title and then teamed with Sandy Stap to take the doubles crown as Trinity swept all honors at the AIAW Regional Tennis Champion­ ship Saturday afternoon. 
Flem ing downed Texas’ Jo Ann 

What's your favorite meal? 

□ Steak? 
□ Seafood? 
□ Mexican food. 
□ All of the above. 

Introducing the 
Spanish Galleon's 
Sunday/Monday Special. 
You get all of the above for only 
$5.95. 

You get a delicious 6 oz. USDA Choice Rib-eye 
Steak broiled to order, o generous helping of 
Rock Shrimp broiled in burrer, and o cheese and onion enchilada with special Spanish souce. Plus you get o fresh garden salad with your choice of dressings. All for $5.95. on Sunday and Monday only. 

 as. Spanish 
"*■ Galleon 

SEAFOOD RESTAURANT 

6837 Son Pedro 

Kurz, 5-7, 7-6 (5-1), 6-2. in the singles finals. 

In doubles. Stap and Fleming, the top seeds, downed TU teammates 
Stacy Bowman and Ann Schroeder, 2-6, 
6-3, 7-5. _ 
Gottfried, 
Gerulaitis called off 

ROME (A P) — Tenino 
Zugarelli of Italy beat 
Phil Dent of Australia 
6-4. 5-7. 6-4. 6-2 Saturday in their semifinal match at the 
Italian 
Tennis championships. 
Bul the tournament was still awaiting its second finalist as the match between two 
Americans. Vitas Ge- rulailis and Brian Gott­ fried, was called for darkness. 
Gerulaitis of 
New 
York, was leading 6-2, 
7-6, 4-6, 5-5 after three hours and 2o minutes of play when the match was suspended. 
Both semifinals were lung marathons. It took 
Zugarelli nearly four hours to beat Dent in a dull and mediocre match with 23 service breaks in 
4o games. 

S u n d a y 
Should Gottfried beat 
Gerulaitis in the contin­ uation of their semifinal 
Sunday morning, the 
Fort Lauderdale, Flo r­ ida, star w ill have to play the men’s singles finals and possibly three rounds of men's doubles in the same day. 
Gerulaitis had a very strong start, taking com­ mand of the net, serving well arid scoring with beautiful service returns. 
The New Yorker broke a 
2-2 deadlock with service breaks in the fifth and and seventh games of the first set and rolled to a 
2-o lead in the second set after winning the first 

6 -2 . 
Gottfried began plac­ ing his first serve more effectively and was more aggressive at the net. 

349-1493 

Foyt loins 
5oo field 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday May 22 1977 
H 

Clifford Broyles of the Express* 
News sports staff will be on the scene at the Tex­ as 5oo in College 
Station June 5. 
For the best co­ verage ta auto racing, read the 
Express-News. 
BROYLES 

26 teams enter meet 

SPECIM IO EXPRESS NEWS 
CO LLEG E STATION — A .J. Foyt, one of the top race car 
•drivers of all time, will return to defend his championship of the 
Texas 5oo June 5 at the Texas World Speedway. 

Foyt of Houston is a three-time winner of the Indianapolis DOU and has won every major Sports ( ar. Indy Car. Stock Car. Midget and Sprint Car race in the world. His victory here last year was his first major race victory in Texas. 

The 7* Ii annual W o­ men's Invitational Slow 
Pitch softball tourna­ ment sponsored by the 
City Parks and Recrea­ tion Dept. Saturday and 
Sunday at 
Fischer complex has attracted 26 teams. 
The double elimination meet vvill begin at 8 a.ill. 
Saturday and end with the finals Sunday after­ noon. 
San Antonio teams en­ tered include the 
Streakers. Changes. Dia- mondeers. Pellets. Out­ laws and Patriots. 
From out of town are: 
Houston — lloustonettes. 
HIC. Stars. Warehouse 

Records, and Jam ail's 
Rebels; Corpus Christi —- 
Cardinals. 
Breaker! 
Austin — Spurs, Rag 
Dolls. Pacers, Esquires, nu 

I I Doradoettes, The Pit; 
Dallas — Saints. J. Rags 
Disco, Jokers; Mesquite 
— Pacers, Raiders; and 
Waco — A’s. 

ONLY ONE NOTE PER CUSTOMER 
$ I OO OFF 
® 
A Pl RJI (C C S /“N K I A V 
ADMISSION AT RAPE’S PLACE 

EXOTIC DANCERS 
ADULT MOVIES 

PH. 675-981o 
Expires May 27,1977 after J P.M. Mon.-Sat. 

8761 Hwy. 9o W. Vt Mile West Of loop 41o 

H u r r y ! O f f e r E x p ir e s S o o n 

 tf. r n 

Tires and more car care 

Start Riding Royally on 
UNIRoYAL 

Si 

Crowned with two wide steel belts and our boldest,' most aggressive Tiger Paw tread plus: 

Two Polyester Body Plies 
Nylon Cap Ply (most sizes) 

W H ITEW ALL 

 rn 

SIZE 
PRIC E 

DR78-14 
$59.77 
ER78-14 
$61.77 
FR78-14 
$65.77 
GR78-14 
$68.77 
GR78-15 
$7o.77 

HR78-14 
$73.77 
HR78-15 
$75.77 
JR78-15 
$77.77 
LR78-15 
$81.77 

All prices plus F .E .T . from S2 38 to $3 44 depending on size, and tire off your car. 
$4o 
B R 78 -1 3 whitewall tubeless, plus $2.o6 
F .E .T . and tire off of your car. 

Prices shown available at Schneider Tire & Auto. 
See your independent dealer for his price. 

■■■rn 
FREE! 8-Bottle Carton of RC COLA! 

No purchase necessary.* 
Just visit your local 
Uniroyal Tire Dealer during the Royal Tiger Paw Sale and he’ll present you with a certificate good for an 
8-bottle carton of delicious 
Royal Crown Cola! 

*To our first 1,ooo visitors. 
(All Locations Inclusive) 

6 PACK 
RC COLA 
FREE! 

 with purchase of any 

UNIROYAL 
ROYAL 
TIGER PAW 

•offer effective May 22 - July 4, 1977 

ROYAL CROWN COLA’S 
S S ttB e a r earnest 
See details at special display 

I 

1 'in tl tnt 

 m elder Tire 
& Auto 
226o S.WW White Rd. 
333-93o1 
(SOUTHEAST) 

H om ann-W illiam s 
Tire 
171o Austin Hwy. at Eisenhauer 
824-2413 
(NORTHEAST) 

K e lfe rT lre ^ 
Northside 
8 7 1 9 B roadw ay 8 2 8 -5 7 4 7 
(I blk North of Loop 41o) 

Letter Tire 
Com pany 
4 o o S. Flores 226-41 I I 
(DOWNTOWN) 

Arts A tlas 
3 3 5 o Fredericksburg 
7 3 6 -4 5 1 6 
(NORTHWEST) 

H i-G ear, Inc. 

6 4 4 o N o. Expw y (IH IO) 

(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 736-2856 mmmmsmmmtmBom 

M 
W 
ICelfer’ s A l c , 
Tire Center 
6o1 N. A lam o 225-3291 
(DOWNTOWN) 

M ezzetti Tire 
Com pany 
6 239 San Pedro 342-9521 
(NORTHSIDE) 

Sagebiels 

Court & Travis 379-1151 

(SEGUIN) 

 san w n e eie r lira 
Service 
4 3o2 Broadw ay 
826-1572 (ALAMOHEIGHTS) 

G onzales Tire & 
M uffler 
2623 Cuiebra Rd. 4 3 2 -8 5 1 1 
(WEST) 

A rt’s A tlas # 2 
6945 W est M ilitary Or. 
673-1o3o 
(SOUTHWEST) 

\ t 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday M ay 22 I 977 seas] $7 off DieHard 

 maintenance-free battery 
...you never add water 

Regular *46.99 

Save $ 3 o on deluxe utility chest 

SALE 8 9 " 
2o*4x15*4x7o% in. Sliding tr a y , 8 c o m p a r tm e n ts . 
Heavy 18-ga. steel. Lock. 

Battery perform ance characteristic* rated for power accord­ ing to Battery C ou ncil International standards (G ro u p 2 IG ) 
/Sc 

Lob! rran k in g ftowcr 
Reserve- capai lh im p . h o u r rapacity 
N um ber 
«*f plates 

/ t —> 

5 6 6 am ps. 
136 m inutes 
8 1 
78 

Save $3 
SteadyRider shocks 

 trade-in 

Save now on the DieHard . . . 
Sears Best. The DieHard, 
Sears highest rated battery, has proved itself by helping give fast starts and depend­ able, long-lasting service. Side or top terminals. Free check of starting/charging systems. 
Fit most American-made cars. 
Sale prices thru M ay 28th 

_ 'Last year every driver 
J started with a Sears Die- 
H ard. In fact, since 197o, m ore In dy drivers have started with D ie H ard than with any other battery! 

SALE 999 

E ach 

/ s . j f 

Au WEATHER 
SAE 1oW 3o motor oil 

Regular 59c 
All-weather oil 

5 2 s . 

Helps provide tull-range engine protection for Jill* weather driving. 

\V arrau ted for as long as you ow n your car! Helps give a sm ooth ride anil good control in any weather, l it most 
A m e r ic a n -m ad e cars, many imports. 
Fast, low-cost in­ sta ll! ion available 

$7.99 Heavy-duty shucks ......................... I. 
$29.99 Booster shock*...................... 2 LHO 

Limited warranty on SteadyRider shock absorber (or as long as you own the vehicle ga lf SteadyRider shock absorber (ails while the original purchaser owns the car. it will be replaced upon re­ turn. free of charge, or the purchase price will be re­ funded lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor, lf the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, installation of the replace­ ment shock absorber is not included under this war­ ranty This warranty does not cover shock absorbers installed on vehicles used for commercial purposes 

Wheel alignm ent and 

 front wheel balance 

Regular 
$2o.95 
1788 

Expert front-end alignment for most American cars. Those with air conditioning, torsion bars in­ cluded. Parts extra if needed. 

Guardsman Tire VALUES 
Guardsman bel let! 
88 
A 7 8 -1 4 b la ck b a ll anil old tire 28 plus $2.o1 
F L T . 

2 fiber gla>s b e l t s and 2 nylon cord plies help provide outstanding durability and long tire mileage. 6 deep grooves and hundreds of sipes for traction on both wet and dry roads. 

Guard a rnun 
Belted and old tire 
Seurs l»ri«'e whiten all plus 
F.E.T. ea. tire 
€78-13 
28.88 
2.o1 
o 7 8 -lf 
29.88 
2.12 
F:78-H 
3o.88 
2.26 
F78-14 
32.88 
2.12 
o78-1 f 
34.88 
2.58 
1178-14 
36.88 
2.86 
G78-I5 
34.88 
2.65 
HTH-15 
36,88 
2.88 
1.78-15 
39.88 
3.12 

Guardsman 4-ply polyester tires 

Sears Guardsman and old tire 
Sears prier 
I.lark wall plus 
F.E.T. 
A 78-13 
16. '-(> 
1.72 
BTH-I3 
18.5o 
1.82 
€78-14 
2o.5o 
2.o1 
RTS-I4 
21.oo 
2.23 
F78-I4 
22.(8) 
2.37 
G7&-1t 
2 LOO 
2.53 
56o-15 
2o.5o 
1.77 
(i?8-l5 
24.oo 
2.59 
1178-15 
26.oo 
2.41 

M ou n tin g and rotation included 

Ask about 

Sears 

 credit plans 

Guardsman radial tires 
> 
Sears 
Guardsman 
I Radial & old tire 

Se ii rt* prier wit lieu a ll plus 
F.E.T. ea. tire 
AK78-13 
36.oo 
1.84 
I 
BK78-13 
38.oo 
2.oo 
ORTH-ll 
38.oo 
2.27 
I 
F R 78- I 1 
39.oo 
2.41 
FR78-H 
43.oo 
2.54 
GR 78-14 
45.oo 
2.69 
HR78-14 
48.oo 
2.88 
GR78-15 
16.oo 
2.79 
I 
HR78-15 
49.oo 
2.96 
I _ LR78-I3 
51.oo 
3.28 

Sears 
Where America shops 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Automotive 228-4.128 
Tires 228-4395 
Mon. and Thurs. 7:3o-9 
Tues., Wed., Fri., Sat. 7:3o-6 

155-13* 
29.88 
* Blackwall 

Military Dr. Store 
Central Park Store 
Truck Tire at Pleasanton Rd. 
San Pedro at Loup 41o 
Center 
Automotive 228-5o28 Automotive 228-5128 
I t l l V Haekberry 
Tires 228-5o95 
Tires 228-5195 
228- 4961 
Mon. thru Sat. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
Mon. thru Sal. 
8-9 
8-9 
6:2o/4:2o 

1.67 

LARS, R O EBU CK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

A EIG H BOIL Ii OOI) STORES (m ost items aud services shown also al Neighborhood stores) 

Universal Lily 
Valley-Hi 
962 Bandera Rd. 
18oo S. VMV. While Rd. 
1633 Pat Booker Rd. 

Out 

 asso ciated m ss 
ST. LOUIS - St. Louis pitcher 
Al Hrabosky was suspended indefinitely Saturday by C ar­ dinals Manager Vern Kapp in what the tempestuous reliever termed a “ personality conflict.’’ 

The Cardinals accused Hrabosky of 
“ rank insubordination’’ in announcing the suspension just before their gam e against the San Francisco Giants. 
Rapp asked for a specific reason, replied: “ I will not make any com ment until I d isc u ss it with M r. (B in g ) 
D evine,” (the C a rd in a ls ’ executive vice president and general m anager). 
“ I'm sure there will be a discussion but I’m not sure among whom,” said 
Rapp, who indicated he will await the expected Sunday return of Devine from 
Florida. 

AL HRABOSKY 
. . . suspended 
Orioles win 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEW YORK — Two-out singles in the 12th inning by Ken 
Singleton, Lee May and rookie Eddie Murray gave the Baltimore 
Orioles a 4-3 victory over the New York Yankees Saturday. 
The Orioles, who trailed 2-o until the seventh, had gone ahead in the lith on singles by Pat Kelly, Doug DeCinces and Billy Smith. But the Yankees, who had not scored since the second, tied it in the bottom of the inning on a w alk, a sacrifice and Willie Randolph’s single. 
New York relief ace Sparky Lyle, 2-2, retired the first two batters in the 12th before Singleton singled and went to second when May grounded his third hit of the game. Murray then ripped a single to left that scored pinch-runner 
Larry Harlow. 
B A L T IM O R E 
. N EW Y O R K 
.......... ab r h bi 
Bmbry lf 
5 o I 2 Rndlph 
Belngr ss 
3 o o o Rivers 
Muser ph 
I o o o Blair 
KGrcia ss 
2 o o o RWhde 
Singltn rf 
6 o I o Chmbls 
Harlow cf 
o I o o Piniella 
LM av lb 
6 o 3 o Wynn 
Murray db 
5 o I I 
Nettles 
PaKlly rf 
6 I I o Healy 
DeCncs 
3b 
3 o 2 o Dent 
BSmith 
2b 
5 I 3 I 
Ompsy c 
4 I I o 
Total 
46 4 
3 4 Total 

2b 
Ct 

 lf lbdb 

 ob r h bi 

45. 

1 I 
o o 
2 o 
2 o 
I o 
I I 
o o 
3 o 
I I o 
o I I 

3.12 3 
Baltimore 
.... 
OO o.o o o.2 o o.o I I — .4 
New 
York 
.... 
1 I o o o o.o o o.o 1 o— .3 
E — KGorciq. 
D P — Baltimore 
2, 
New 
York 
2 
LO B— Baltimore ll. 
New 
York 
12. 
2B— Healy, 
Nettles 
2, 
Bumbry. 
S— Dent. 

<W,l-o) 
Grimsley 
TMrtnez 
Torrez 
Lyle 
IL,2-2) 
T— 3:12 
A— 19,948. 

IP . ..H . 
IO 1-3 ll 
1 2-3 I 
IO 
9 
2 
4 

E R BB SO 
3 
5 3 
o o o 
3 
5 4 
1 
o o 

M ariners, 7-6 

OAKLAND (AP) — Lee Stanton and 
Dan Meyer drove in runs in a ninth inning rally to give the Seattle M a­ riners a 7-6 victory over the Oakland 
A’-s. 

Cardinals nip Giants 

ST. LOUIS (AP) - Bake McBride drilled a two-run homer and winning pitcher John Denny singled in two runs 
Saturday, keying rallies in the first and fourth innings that boosted the St. 
Louis Cardinals to an 8-5 victory over the San Francisco Giants. 
Both key hits came off John Mon- tefusco, 2-7, who surrendered seven hits before being removed in the fourth inning. 
McBride’s blow gave the Cards a 2-o lead. After the Giants moved in front 
3-2, the Cardinals struck for three runs in the fourth. Dave Rader walked to start the burst and Ken Reitz doubled him to third. Don Kessinger grounder scored Rader before Denny singled iii two runs. 
Rader and Tony Scott added insur­ ance runs for St. Louis in the fifth. 
T e rry W hitfield and M ontefusco homered for San Francisco. 
Denny, 6-o, notched the triumph by pitching five innings. Clay Carroll finished up with four scoreless innings, recording his second save. 

SE A T T L E 
O A K L A N D 

Collins dh 
3 2 2 1 Tyrone rf 
RuJnes cf 
4 2 2 1 Sngllen dh 
Braun lf 
G O O 
Lintz pr 
Stanton rf 
5 14 3 Page lf 
TSmth rf 
o o o o Allen lb 
Mever 
1b 
4 o 12 
Nwman c 
Stein 
3b 
5 o 1o 
Gross 
3b 
Stinson c 
1 o o o Wllams 
1b 
CRvlds ss 
3 o o o Armas cf 
Bnhrdt oh 
1o o o McKnv rf 
Baez 
2b 
o o o o MAIxdr cf 
Mlbrne ss 
4 1 1 o 
Perez 
2b 
Pccolo ss 
MW IImsph 
RSCOtt ss 
Total 
34 7.11.7 
Total 
..... 

 ab r h bi 
4 2 2 2 
o I o 
ooo 
1 I o 
1 I I 
OOO 
o 
2 
o o 
o 
o o 
o 
o 
32.6.8 

SAN FRA N 
ST..LOU ab r h bi 
Thomas ss 
5 o 2 o Brock 
Mdiock 
3b 
5 I 3 o CCarrll 
Evans lf 
3 o o o Tmpltn 
Whtfld rf 
4 I 2 I 
Mc Bde 
McCvv lb 
3 I o o KHrndz 
Thmssn cf 
4 I 
I I 
Mumry 
LeMstr ss 
3 o o o Andrsn 
Clark oh 
I o o o DaRder 
Crnutt p 
o o o o Reitz 
Hverlo 
P 
o o o o Kssngr 
Sadek c 
4 o 2 2 Denny 
Mffsco p 
2 I 
I I 
Scott 
Curtis p 
o o o o 
RAdw 
2b 
2 o o o 
Total 
36 5.11 5 Total 

P 
SS cf lb rf rf c 
3b 
2b 

 ab r h bi 
4 12 o 
1 o o o 
I I o 
I 2 2 
o I I 
1 I o 
o o o 
2 I I 
1 I o 
I o I 
o I 2 
o o I 

Seattle 
........................3 o I. I o o o o 2— .7 
Oakland 
..................... 
1 o 1 o o 2 . 2 o o— 
6 
E — Armas, 
CReynolds, 
Torrealba, 
Wil­ liams. 
D P — Seattle 
I, 
Oakland 
I. L O B — 
Seattle 
8, 
Oakland 
7. 
2B— RuJones. 
HR — 
Stanton 
(5), 
Tyrone 
(I), 
Williams 
HO). 
SB — Collins. 
S— Stinson, 
Braun, 
Page. 
SF — Meyer. 

San 
Francisco 
St. 
Louis 
E — Thomas 
3, 
Francisco 
2, 
St. 
Louis cisco 
6, 
St. 
Louis 
6. dek 
2, 
KHernandez, der. 
H R— McBride 
(4), 
Whitfield 
(3). 
SF-Scott. 

34.8.IO 8 

o 2 1.1 1 o.o o o— 5 
... 
2 o 1.3 2 o o o * - . 8 
LeMaster. 
D P — San 
I. 
LO B — Son 
Fran 
2B— Thomasson, 
So- 
Reitz, 
Brock, 
DaRa 
Montefusco 
(I), 

Abbott 
Montague 
Kekich 
(W.2-o) 
DEMIS 
Torrealba 
Lacey 
(L.l-l) 
Coleman 
T— 2:57. 
A— 3,23o 

IP 
5 
1 2 3 
2 1-3 
1-3 
2 2-3 
5 I 

ER BB SO 
2 
4 
2 

Mntfusco 
Curtis 
Heaverio 
Cornutt 
Denny 
(W.6-o) 
CCarroll 
Save— CCarroll 
(Evans). 
T— 2:31 

(L.2-7) 

( 2). 

IP 
3I 
3 I 
5 
4 

. H. 
6 
2 
2 o 
IO I 

ER BB SO 
5 
2 4 
2 
o I 
o 
I o 
o 
o I 
5 
I 4 
O O O 

A— 15,546. 
H B P — Bv 
Denny 

Red Sox, 1o-9 

R ed-M et box 

NEW YO RK 
C IN C IN N A T I ab r h bi cf 
4 I I o Rose 
2b 
3 I o o Griffey 
It 
5 I 3 o Morgan lb 
4 I 2 2 Drssen pr 
o o o o GFster lb 
o o o o Bench ph 
I o o o Grnimo rf 
4 o o o Cncpcn 
P 
I o o o Zachry c 
4 2 2 2 Murray 
3b 
4 o I I 
Lum ss 
3 o I o Borbon p 
o o o o Eastwk f p p ss 

1o 1o 
1o o o 
o o o o 
2 1 1 o 
37 7.12 5 Tolal 

Mzzi Iii 
Randle 
Bsclair 
Krnpol 
LFster 
Torre 
Milner 
Kngmn 
Lockwd 
Slam s 
Staigr 
Hrrlsn 
Mvrick 
Vail 
Swan 
Apdaca 
Philos 
Total 

New 
York 
........... 
Cincinnati 
........... 
E — Bench. 
D P — New 
I. 
LOB— New 
York 
7, 
Kranepool 
2, 
Stearns, 
3B— Rose. 

 rf 
2b lb 
It 

 oh 

 ob r h bi 
4 o 2 2 
1 I o 
2 I I 
1 o2 I I o o o 
o 
o 

BOSTON (AP) — Dwight E vans barreled into second basem an Don 
Money, breaking up an attem p ted double play and perm itting Carlton 
Fisk to score the w inning run with t\Vo out in the ninth inning Saturday as the 
Boston Red Sox battled from behind lo gain a 1o-9 victory over the Milwaukee 
Brewers. 

Driessen. 
Sleoms 
S— Swan. 
(4). 

32 811.8 

.. 
o o o.4 o o.2 I o— .7 
o o o 4 o 3.1 o * — 8 
York 
2, 
Cincinnati 
Cincinnati 
4. 
2B— 
Griffey, 
Geronimo, 
HR — Bench 
(6), 
SB — Morgan 
2, 
Geronimo. 

M IL W A U K E E 
BOSTON ab r h bi ab r h bi 
Yount ss 
3 o 1o 
Burlson 
SS 
4 o o 1 
Money 
2b 
4 2 11 
Lynn ct 
3 o 11 
Lzcano rf 
5 1 1 o 
Rice dh 
3 1 1 2 
Bando 
3b 
4 13 3 Ystmki lf 
4 2 3 1 
Cooper dh 
5 o 11 
GScott lb 
4 1 1 1 
McMlln lb 
5 1 1 o 
Fisk c 
2 2 o o 
Brye lf 
5 o 1o 
Evans rf 
5 2 3 1 
Joshua cf 
4 1o o Hobson 
3b 
4 1 1 o 
Moore c 
3 3 3 2 Doyle 
2b 
1 1 o 1 
Carbo 
Ph 
1 o o o 
Griffin 
2b 
o o o o 
Total 
38.9.12.7 
Total 
... 
31 IO TO.8 
Two oui when winning run scored 
I _ _ HI}" flu 
Milwaukee 
. 
o 4 1 o o 2 
o 2 o— '.9 
Boston 
... 
o 4 o o 1o. I o 4 - . TO 

Swan 
Apodaca 
Myrick 
Lockwood 
Zachry 
Murray 
Borbon 
Bostwick 
Save— Bostwick 

IL, o-2) 

(W .l-I) 

JZL 

IP . .. 
4 
1 2-1 
1-3 
2 
3 1-3 
2 2-3 
2-3 
2 2-3 

E R B B SO 
4 
2 
5 

E — Hobson, 
Joshua, 
Money. 
D P — M il­ waukee 
I. 
LO B— Milwaukee 
8, 
Boston . 8. 
2B— McMullen, 
Moore, 
Lezcano, 
Coo***, 
Money, 
Bando 
2, 
Evans, 
GScotf. 
H R — 
Yastrzemski 
(3), 
Rice 
(8). 
S B — Lynn, s— 
Yount 2. SF — Lynn, 
Rice. 

W P— Apodaca. 

Haas 
Hinds 
Castro 
(L.4-2) 
BStaniey 
Campbell 
House 
(W.1-o) 
W P— Campbell. 
Hinds 
(Rice). 

IP. ..H 
1 
5 1-3 
2 1-3 
5 1-3 
2 1-3 
I 1-3 

ER BB SO 
4 
6 
I 

P B — Moore. 
T— 3:o8. 
A— 25,4o5, 
H B P - 

3? 
3 
4 
** f 
By 

674-5511 
432-2391 
3 3 3 -2 9 IO 
658-7491 

TRINITY UNIVERSITY SOCCER CAMPS 
For boys and girls 7-18 
Session I 
Session ll 
June IO , 2-7 p.m. 
< 
June 24, 2-7 p.m. 
June I I, 9 a.rn.-4 p.m. 
5 
June 25, 9 a.rn.-4 p.m. 
June 12, IO a.rn.-3 p.m. 
June 26, IO a.m .-3 p.m. 
# # 
Trinity University Sam s Center 

Coaches 
Jim forrest, former &A- Hinder Cooth; capped 6 times for Scotland's national team; ployed 7 years for the Glasgow Rapgirs, 5 years for Aberdeen; holds Glasgow season scoring record of ST goals. % 
George Price, Trinity University varsity head coach since 1966. 
Colin Price, Trinity University m utant tooth. 

Phase I includes ball shills, ball control, running With the ball, and exercises related to game situations. Phase TI in iM ts possession soccer, defensive set-up, attacking moves, 2-touch soccer, l -tduth soccer and a full game. Phase III includes shooting, 
’topping, heading, goal keeping, G I situations, 2-2 Situations, 5 on a side tourna­ 

 ment and a full game f»* -W"' Y 
^ 

$25 for the 3-day session (includes lunch & snack Saturday and Sunday). 
\ ; v v v ■ 
Jib. 
........................ 
----------------------------- COUPON 

N A M E________________________________ 
ADDRESS_____________________________ 
TELEPHONE____ 
AGE & S E X _________________ __ ________ 
WHICH SESSION TO YOU WISH SESSION I 

Please send registration along with check for $25 to: 
.SESSION ll 

Trinity University Soccer Camps 
George Price Box 41 3 
715 Stadium Drive 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 

Texas loses 

ARLINGTON (AP) - Alan 
Ashby cracked a three-run homer and Otto Velez hit a solo blast Saturday night as the To­ ronto Blue Jays whipped the 
Texas Rangers 9-H. 

.Jesse Jefferson was credited w ith his second victory against three losses. 

 t o r o n t o 
. TE XAS ab r Ii bi ab r h bi 
J Scott 
Cf 
5 o I I Wshgtn lf 
5 o 2 o 
AWOOdS lf 
5 o o o Cmpnrs ss 
3 o o o 
Howell 
3b 
4 I 
2 o Mason ss 
1 1 1 o velez rf 
S 2 3 3 Fregosi ph 
1 o 1 o 
Foirlv dh 
2 I 
o o H rgrve lb s i l o 
Ault lb 
4 I 
I I Horton dh 
4 2 2 2 
Ashby c 
4 2 2 3 D M av rf 
3 o o o 
MTrres ss 
3 I 
2 o Beasley rf 
o o o 1 
PGr cia 
2b 
4 I 
I 2 Grieve rf 
1 o o o 
H a rrah 
3b 
2 1 1 o 
Wills 
2b 
3 o o o 
Sndbrg 
C 
4 1 1 3 
Beniqui cf 
4 o 1 o 
TOtOl 
. . . . 
36.8.12.9 Total 
35 6 IO 6 
Toronto 
.. 
................. 
o 3 5 o o o . 1o o - 9 
Texos 
............. 
o o o.o o 4 2 o o - 6 
E —PGorcio. 
DP — Toronto 
II, 
Texas 
I. 
LOB—Toronto 
S, 
Texas 
7. 
2B —Torres, 

Cubs, 9-3 
ATLANTA ( AP ) - Jo e W allis cracked a solo home run and Ran bejesus. Greg Gross and Gene Clines each drove in two runs as the sizzling 
Chicago Cubs downed the Atlanta 
Braves 9-3 Saturday night. 

CHICAGO 
................. A TLA N TA ab r h bi . , 
3 3 4 ? Xyster 
422? Chancy 
4 o 1 1 Moore 
3 1 1 o Srrflhs 
Mitts W I 
Pcrobo 
Pcorek 
Bone) 
Leon 
Cmpbll 
Camp 
Aslstne 
Total 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday May 22 I 9 7 7 
Tornado roar 

N 

 rf lb 

OeJsus 
Gross 
Biittner 
Trillo 
Clines 
Swisher 
Wallis 
Roselle 
Krakow 
DMoore 
Crdnal 
Sutler 
Total 
Chicago 
Atlanta 
6 —Royster, 
Chicago 
I. 
2B—Gross, 
(2). 
SB—Matthews 
Moore. 
S—Krakow. 

2blf c cf 
3b p p oh p 

4 o 1 2 
5 o o o 
4 1 1 1 
3 2 1 o 
o o o o 
1o o o 
1o o o 
I o o o 
37 o ll 8 

 ss2b 
3b rf lf c lb cf 

 oh 

 ob r h bi s o i l 
o I o 
o I I 
ooo 
1 I o 
o I o 
o o o 
1 I I 
I 2 o 
OOO 
OOO 
OOO 
3 8 3 

Paciorek, 
LO B—Chicago 
Trillo, 
Biittner. 
2, 
Roselle, 
SF—Clines 

o o 1 o 2 1 . 3 o 2 - 9 
o 1 o 2 o o o o o — .3 
M atthew s 
D P — 
4, 
Atlanta 
7. 
MR—W allis 
D ejesus 
3, 

Krakow 
DMoore 
Sutter 
Leon 
(L .l-2 ) 
Campbell 
Camp 
Sove—Sutter 

(W.I-o1 

(IO ). 

IP 
.. 
3 2-3 
2 1-3 
34 
2-3 
2 1-3 
T —2:44. 

ER BB SO 
3 
3 
4 

A— 11,842. 

DALLAS (A P) — Alan Hinton lobbed a header into the* net three minutes into the game Saturday night and the 
Dallas Tornado went on to shut out the 
Connecticut Bicentennials 2-o in a 
North American Soccer League con­ test. 

The victory gave Dallas eight points and the lead in the Southern Division of the Pacific Conference with 3o points and a 5-3 record, one point ahead of Las 
Vegas. 

The first half ended 1-o. 

Dallas* second goal came in the Hist minute on a shot by George Ley. 

The Tornado struck early in the game when Glen Myernick centered. 
Goalie Jim Barron fisted the ball, still within the area, and Hinton headed it back just barely out of reach of the stretching Barron. 

Tigers, 3-2 

CHICAGO (A P) - Milt May drove in two runs with a single and a double and right-hander 
Fernando 
Arroyo checked the Chic ago White Sox on five hits to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 3-2 victory Saturday night. 

D E TR O IT ob r h bi 
CHICAG O ob r h bi 
Mkwski 
3b s o 
I o G arr lf 
Funtes 
2b 
4 o 2 o 
Bumstr ss 
Ste ob dh 
5 o 
I o Orto 
2b 
Kemp lf 
4 1 o o I ISH rf 
Tmpsn lb 
4 1 2 o Spacer lb 
Orem rl 
4 1 3 o Gam ble db 
M M ay c 
3 o 2 2 
Lemon cf 
MStnly cf 
3 o o 1 Sdrhlm 
3b 
Veryzr ss 
4 o o o 
Dwnma c 
Stllmn ph 
E tita n c 
Total 
Detroit 
Chicago 
E —V e ry ie r troll 
IO. 
H R -Z ls k 

34 3.11 3 Total 

o I I 
OOO 
ooo 
1 I I 

o o o . 3 1 o o o o - 
o o o o 1 O OO I - . 

Arroyo 
Barrios 
BJohnson 
T —1:24 

D P —Detroit 
I. 
LO B —De 
Chicago 
$. 
2B— 
M M a y , Lem on 
2. 
(111. 
S F—MStanlev 
IP 
H 
R 
ER BB SO 
(W.3-2) 
9 
I 
2 
2 
2 
J 
(L.3-3) 
3 2-3 
7 
2 
J 
2 
I 
S I 3 4 
I 
I 
I 
2 
A—2o,79o 

Carroll rolls 

SetCIAl TO THI EXPRESS NEWS 

CORPUS CHRISTI — Corpus Christi 
Carroll defeated Pharr-San Juan-Ala- inn, 2-1. in IO innings Saturday to take their best-of-three Class AAAA dis­ trict playoff series, two games to one. 

Carroll will now meet Victoria Sun­ man in a best-of-three series next week in regional competition. The winner of that series will battle the winner of the 
Koosevelt-Marshall series in the state quarterfinals. 

Herring signs 

HOUSTON (A P) — Erie Herring, a blue chip Texas high school wide receiver, has signed a letter of intent to play football with the University of 
Houston. 

PGorcio, 
H arrah . 
3 8 —Velez, 
HTorres. 
HR—Ashby 
(2), 
Sundberg 
( I ) , 
Velez 
(8), 
Horlon 
(9). 
S—HTorres. 
S F— Beasley. 

Jefferson 
Willis 
Briles 
(L ,2 -l) 
Hargon 
Marshall 
Lindblad 
Devine 
Knowles 
Save—Willis 
(3) 

CW,2-3) 
IP 
.. 
S 2-3 

Iv). 
T—2:34. 
A—2o,351. 

3 13 
2 V 3 
o 
3 2-3 
I I 
I 
H B P —Bv 

R 
ER BB SO 
42 
5 
3 o I o o 
Briles 
(F a ir- 
Phils, 7-1 
HOUSTON (A P ) - Bob Boone’s two-run double triggered a three-run 
Philadelphia uprising in the sixth inning and sent the Phillies to a 7-4 triumph over the Houston Astros Sa­ turday night. 
PH ILA 
HOUSTON ab r ti bi 
4 1 o o Howard 
4 1 2 o Cabell 
3 o o 1 Cedeno 
4 1 1 1 CJhnsn 
1 o o o Frgso'n 
5 1 2 1 Watson 
3 1 2 o JGnztz 
1 o o o Howe 
4 1 1 2 Boswell 
3 1 1 o M cLain 
1 o o 1 Larson 
o o o o Pentz 
o o o o Grdner 
1 o o o JNekro 
1 o o o Crw frd 
35.7 9 6 Total 

Maddox cf jnstne rf 
Schmdt 
3b 
Lzinski lf 
Martin lf 
Hebner lb 
OJhnsn 
2b 
Harmon b 
Boone c 
Bowa ss 
Lerch p 
M cCvr oh 
Brsstr p 
Tolan oh 
Reed p 
Total 
. . . . . 
Philadelphia 
.................. 
Houston 
.............. 
E —McLaughlin, 
Schmidt, 
Howe, mon. 
D P — Philadelphia 
I, 
Houston 
LOB—Philadelphia 
8, 
Houston 
9. 
Bowa, 
Boone, 
DJohnson, 
Johnstone. 
H R —CJohnson 
(IO ), 
Luzinksi 

 rf 
3b cf lf c lb ss 
2b 
2b 
P 
P 
D ph o oh 

 ab r ti bi 
5 1 1 o 
4 o o o 
4 o o 1 
4 1 1 1 
3 o o o 
4 o 1 o 
3 1 o o 
3 1 2 1 
1o o o 
1o o o 
o o o o 
o o o o 
1o 1o 
o o o o 
o o o o 
33 4 A 3 

Watson 
Howe 
Cedeno 

o o I. I I 3.o o I — .7 
1 I 1 1 o o o o o— 4 
Hor- 
I. 
2 B - 
38 — 
(7), 
H ow ard, 
Cabell, 
S F —Cedeno. 
H 
R 
ER BB SO 
4 
4 
2 

( I ) 
SB—Sehmidl, 
2. 
S—M cLaughlin. 
IP 
Lerch 
4 
4 4 
Brusstor 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
1 
Reed 
(W .2-1) 
4 
2 
o 
o 
1 
1 
McLghlirt 
5 
3 
3 
1 
5 
1 
Larson 
IL,o-2) 
o 
3 3 - 
2 
o 
o 
Penlz 
I 
o 
o 
o 
I 
I 
JNiekro 
3 
3 
1 
1 
1 
1 
T—2:38. 
A—21,154. 
Softball 

S A. PARKS AN D R EC. 
V o lu n te e rs a re n eeded bv th e P a r k s and 
Recreation D epartm ent tor the sum m er youth satttwli league beginning Ju n e 6. The volunteers will .organize teams, games, cooch and manage. to r further information contact Rudy Torres at 
828 81 ll, ext. 56. 

B ill W A IT O N , center for Port­ land, shows off his newly-shorn hair Saturday. He ll play against the 76ers Sunday. 
— AP W ire­ photo 
Dodgers, 4-3 

PITTSBURGH (A P) - Dusty Baker arid Dave Lopes each walloped two-run homers and Tommy John hurled a five-hitter as the Los Angeles Dodgers edged the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-3 Sa­ turday night. 
Baker’s homer broke a scoreless tie in the fourth inning. Lopes’ blast, his third, came after John singled and broke a 2-2 tie in the seventh. Both came off loser Jim Rooker, 4-2. 
The Pirates came within one run of tying the game a second time in their half of the seventh with the help of two 
Dodger errors and singles by Rennie 
Stennett and Duffy Dyer. 
Phil Garner, who had forced Sten­ nett and gone to second on an error by 
Lopes, came home on Dyer’s single up the middle. 
LOS A N G E LE S 
P IT T S B U R G H 
• ........ ob r h bi . . 
............. ab r ti bi 
Lopes 
2b 
3 1 2 2 M oreno cf 
3 1 o o 
Russell ss 
4 o o o Tveras ss 
4 1 1 o 
Smith cf 
4 o 1 o P a rk e r rf 
4 o 1 1 
Cey 
3b 
3 o o o O liver lf 
4 o o 1 
Gorvey lb 
4 o 1 o BRbnsn lb 
4 o o o 
Lacy rf 
3 1 1 o Stnntt 
2b 
4 o 1 o 
Hale cf 
1 o o o G arn er 
3b 4 1 o 
o 
Baker lf 
4 1 2 ? Dyer c 
3 o 2 1 
Yeager c 
4 o o o Rooker p 
2 o o o 
John p 
4 1 1 o FGnzlz 
Db 
M o o o 
Tkulve p 
o o o o 
Total 
3 4 .4.8.4 Total 
33. 3. S 3 
Los 
Angeles 
o o o 2 o o 2 o o— 4 
Pittsburgh 
o o o . o o 2 I OO — .3 
E—G arner, 
Russell, 
Lopes. 
D P — Pitts­ burgh 
2, 
LOB—Los 
Angeles 
5, 
Pittsburgh 
4. 
2B—D yer, 
Taverns. 
H R — B aker 
(4), 
Lopes 
(3). 
IP 
H 
R . ER BB SO 
John 
(W.4-2) 
9 
5 3 
3 
1 
4 
Rooker 
(L.4-2) 
7 
7 4 
4 
2 
3 
Tekulve 
2 
I o o 
o 
I 
T—2:o4. 
A —32,674. 

Rhubarb 

ASSOCIATED FUESS 
NEW YORK — Manager Billy Martin of the New York Yankees posted a “ No Inter­ views” sign on the door of his office fol­ lowing Saturday’s 4-3 12-inning loss to the 
Baltimore Orioles and later shoved a news­ man out of the off-limits players’ lounge in the team’s clubhouse. 

The outburst climaxed a game in which (I) the 
Yankees wasted numerous scoring chances, (2) 
Martin yanked center fielder Mickey Rivers appar­ ently for failing to run out a grounder and (3) the absence of a third-string catcher prevented him from making a lateinning substitution he wanted to make. 
Lounge 
Martin closeted himself in the lounge, which is clearly marked for “ Yankee Players Only.” Veteran baseball writer Dick Young of The New York Daily 
News ventured two steps across the threshold and said to Martin, “ These guys just want to ask you a few questions.” 
“ I ’m not talking; look at the sign on my door." 
Martin replied. 
When Young persisted, Martin exploded. “ Stay out of this room,” he shouted. "Get out of here or I’ll knock you right through the wall.” 
He then went up to Young and pushed him out of the room. 
“ Why do you only talk when you w in?" asked 
Young, now outside the off-limits area. "That’s not adult. Life is winning and losing; what’s the matter with you?” 
Young said he intended to take the entire matter up with club owner George Steinbrenner, although he indicated he was more Concerned with having two off-limits areas in the clubhouse—the trainer's room and the lounge—than the shove. 
Empty 
“ I had intended to talk with Steinbrenner an­ yway,” Young said. “ With two off-limits rooms there are never any players around. Besides, Martin said several weeks ago he would go in the lounge and get any player a writer wanted to talk to.” 
About IV2 hours after the game, Martin appeared in the nearly empty press dining room, still insisting he didn’t want to answer any questions. 

Saddle oxford 

 favored style 

“ The Allegheny'’ is a five eyelet saddle oxford made by the expert craftsmen of Johnston 
& Murphy. It s a shoe style that has universal appeal. In Rosemoor calfskin. 
58.5o 

I ntnisuikahly 
|< illusion 
{^Murphy 

Frank Bros. 

On Alamo Plaza——Central Park M all— Windsor Park Mall 

O S H M A N ’S 
Sporting Goods 
Once a Year Sale 

SHOP OUR LOWEST 

PRICES OF THE YEAR 

MONDAY THRU FRIDAY 

TIL 9 P.M....SATURDAY ’TIL 6 P.M. 

LADIES’ 
TENNIS 
SEPARATES 

Shorts, tops and shirts in sizes 6 to 16. 

■X Reg. 1o.oo to 22.oo 

6.97 

 to 14.57 

I 
* 

MEN’S DUNLOP 
LEATHER 
TENNIS SHOES 

Smooth white leather upper with oil infected all-court 

Reg. 24.95 12.97 

MEN’S 
TENNIS SHIRTS 
AND SHORTS 

Tennis Shorts 

Reg. 12.oo 7.97 

Solid Shirts 

Reg. 9.oo 6.97 

Fancy Stripe Shirts 

Reg. 12.oo to 14.oo 
8.97tolo.47 

MEN’S 
FAMOUS 
BRAND 
JEANS 

Durable 5 o % polyester/5 o % cotton. 
Brush denim or corduroy fabrics in a wide range of styles and colors. 

11.97 

RALLY SUPREME 
TABLE TENNIS TABLE 

Folds and rolls away or opens for solitary play. 
Reg. 49.95 
39.97 

DIGITAL 
ALARM 
CLOCK 
Reg. 21.95 

 or 

15.97 

( / & u u & n a i. 

SPa ld inQ 

 llH C & o n 
FIELDERS GLOVES 
Reg. 15.oo to 39.95 
9.97 to 29.97 

 r " E I J l l ~1 SOOOC 
AMBASSADEUR 
CASTING REEL 

W/Stainless Steel Ball Bearings 37.97 

2SOOC Mini Am bassadeur Casting 
5o*97 

55ooC Am bassadeur R e e l........... .49*97 

45ooC Am bassadeur R e e l..............53*97 

5oooD Am bassadeur R e e l............. 22*97 

6oooC Am bassadeur Reel . . . 
49*97 

3oo Mitchell Spinning R e e l 
.1 5*97 c 

Reg. 22.99 

CLADDINGS 2-MAN 
INFLATABLE 
PAC BOAT 

2 man boat with a capacity of 33o lbs. 
14.97 

GRAPHITE 
QUICK STICK 

Available in 5Vs’ Light Action and 5 W Medium Action Rods for crank bait & top water lures or worm 

Reg.955.oo 
39.97 

AMERICAN 
FAMILY 9 ’x l 2 
CANVAS 
CABIN 
TENT 

Reg. 1o9.99 89.97 

SCHRADE KNIVES 

S f c 
DOUBLE & SINGLE 

 k 
BLADES 
Reg. 18.oo to 22.oo 

13.47 to 16.47 

WINCHESTER 19o 

W / 4 P o w e r W e a v e r S c o p e 
4 9 .9 7 
Remington 552A 
.22 cal. Auto. R i f l e ........................... 7 4 .9 7 

Ruger 1o/22 .22 cal. Auto. Rifle 
6 1 .9 7 

M arlin .22 cal. Lever Action Rifle 
9 8 .9 7 

Browning .22 cal. 
Auto. Rifle, reg. 167.5o . . . 
. 1 4 4 .9 7 

RUGER RST 4 ” 
.22 CAL. AUTO PISTOL 

Rag. 87.5o 
72.97 

'fy ta c G n e q o z 

BEN CRENSHAW 
GOLF OUTFIT 
SET INCLUDES: 
• SET OF 8 IRO NS (3 -9 ,PW ) 
• SET OF 3 W O O D S (1-3-4) 
• Arnold Palm er 

HALLMARK GOLF BAG 
• A jay Deluxe 

GOLF CART 

Reg. 234.95 
174.88 

MAXFLI 
PRO LINE 
I GOLF BALLS 

R e g .1 3 .9 9 
I o.97 dx 

MEN’S CHALLENGER 
WATERPROOF 
GOLF SHOES 
17.97 
Reg. 22.95 

\ V 
_ 
GOLF CARTS 

P a y d a y , built strong enough (or any bag but 

 light enough for anyone . .m an, wom an or 

 youngster to hondle easily. IO '/* " grey rub­ 

 ber tires, adjustable brackets, e a *y fold 
Reg. 31.95 
2 4 .9 7 

S ta n d a rd , w orld s favorite caddy. 

Blue spring steel suspension and 

 w ide track stance. 

Reg. 4 3 .95 
3 7 .9 7 

7 2 7 NORTH W E S T LOOP 4 * o 
Phone 342-4281 
Between San Pedro & Blanco Road f Across Front Contra! Park Mall] 
OPEN AN OSHMAN'B CHARGE OR USE YOUR BANK AMERIO ARO OR MASTER CHARGE 

Son# stores Hftve alt the fun! 

Fisherm en w ork w orm s in thickets of R e saca de Piton 

S u n d a y 
Expweiie-1% ew eOutdoors 

Sunday May 22 1977 

Bass at G uerrero 

All for only $21.oo.* 

Your special royal treatment includes: 
• Unlimited Happy Hour Cocktails 
• Special Full American Breakfast 
• Free Airport Pick-up 
• Priority Reservations at The Castilian 
Tower.. .our unique nightclub 
• Golf & Tennis / guaranteed reservation available 
• Free Transportation to & from 
International Bridge 
• Big Comfortable Deluxe Room 
• Good Any Day of the Week 
• IMMEDIATE RESERVATION CON­ 
FIRMATION THRU HILTON 
RESERVATION SERVICE 
‘ Rate per person. Tax and gratuities not included. For reservations call us or FULTON 
RESERVATION SERVICE (512) 223-9191. 
LAREDO 
HOON INN 
One South Main Avenue/Laredo, Texas 
78o4o/(512) 722-2411. 

Jesse M iller of Freeport caught this large Rio G rande perch on a spinner bait. 
OUTDOOR j 
BULLETINS 

We were fishing an area of Lake 
Guerrero in Mexico called Resaca de 
Pilon. The River Pilon is one of several streams feeding the reservoir in the 
State of Tamaulipas near Victoria. 
The dam is located in a narrow can­ yon where the Pilon, Purificaeion and 
Corona join to form the Soto La Mar­ ina. and it backs water over almost 

3oo will die 

The camp also will be open to hunters during bird seasons in Mexico. 
Tremendous flights of white-winged doves are found in the area. Quail, duck, pigeon and goose hunting also will be offered. 
The six anglers in our group fished several areas of the lake, from the Rio 
Pilon on the north to the Rio Corona on the west, and found fish in all areas, in waters from five to 4o or more feet in depth. 
But most of the fish were small, and most wanted a worm, a spinner or a floating-diving bait. 

GILLESPIE 
FORD 

La Retam a, situated on hillside, is near O ld Padilla, w here the church (inset photo) rises from the w ate rs of G uerrero 

 like worms, brush 

SERVICE WHILE YOU WAIT! 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 

TUNE-UP SPECIAL ^ 

Includes plugs, points, rf* rffe rn Q Q condenser ond labor. 
^ 
M A m • • 
Special good for most 
American four cylinder 
, 
, 

 cars 
6-cyl. $29.99 
8-cyl. $34.99 

I " \ 
EXPIRES 6-3-77 
(Et 

9 / iim im r f im iM M M M M M y iiM M 

TOOLING SYSTEM SERVICE' 

6 

Pressure test system for leaks. Check thermostat & 
. radiator cap. Check all hoses 
J 
9 9 
& belts, required parts & labor extra. 

EXPIRES 6-3-77 
(E) 

Check entire air con­ ditioning system for correct pressure, leaks £ and add up to one pound of Freon. Special good most vehicles. 
AIR INSTALLED IN DASH AS LOW AS $389 

EXPIRES 6-3-77 
(E) 

ALIGNMENT & 
WHEEL BALANCE 

Completely align front J end ond balance your tires on most Ford cars. 

EXPIRES 6-3-77 
(Et 

By DAN KLEPPER 
OUTDOOR EDITOR 

A yellow-headed parrot stared curiously from its nesting hole in a dead cypress as two fisher­ men dabbled plastic worms into the water beneath the tree. 
The bird cocked its head to one side as a rod was swept up-, ward in an arc and a bass came thrashing to the surface. 

A wind strong enough to drive a nine-pound goose into a gallon jug whistled through the tops of the dead timber. Heavy, cresting seas rolled across the open water of the big reser­ voir. but back in the timber the surface was calm. 

We drifted from bush to bush, dunk­ ing worms in depths of six to eight feet, bothering to cast only occassionally. 
Even drifting slowly it was impossi­ ble to fish all the available trees and bushes of the dense thickets. 

River 

Must have coupon for specials 

© 

EXPIRES 6-3-77 
(Et 
/ 'rf'N 

Must have coupon for specials 
Must have coupon for specials 

S P O O L IN G CYCTFM S F R V Ifrs t' 
A L I G N M E N T A v t ' 

„__________j)(_________ _ 
23oo BROADWAY 
227-1411 

1oo,ooo surface acres of river bottom and brushy slopes. 
There are several fishing camps on the lake. Our group fished out of La 
Retama on the west side, a camp that originally was operated by S&W, a company headquartered in North Tex­ as, and has reopened under new' ow­ nership and management. 

Facilities 

Hunting 

La Retama has comfortable cabins, boats, guides, launching ramp and ex­ cellent meals. The camp can handle about 4o fishermen and caters to anglers who trailer their own boats to the lake. The price is $35 a day if you provide your own boat and motor. If you use a boat and guide from the camp, the tab is $75 per day. . 
Retama contact in the U.S. is Bob 
Tonkin of Brownsville, who formerly operated a camp at La Pesca, where the Soto La Marina enters the Gulf of 
Mexico. 
Reservations for La Retama must be made through Tonkin by calling 
AC512-541-8412 or writing P.O. Box 
3763, Brownsville 7852o. 

G uide on the lake hoists stringer of sm all b ass which hit w o rm s jigge d straigh t b e low the b oat near m outh o f Rio 
Corona 
Sport hunting ban in Kenya 

NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) - The Kenya government has slapped a ban on all game hunting throughout this East 
African nation known for its big game safaris. 
Mathews Ogutu, minister of tourism and wildlife, said all hunting and firearms licenses have been cancelled and no one will be allowed to enter 
Kenya with firearms or any weapons for the purpose of hunting. 
Ogutu directed that, effective immediately, persons and companies currently holding hunting concessions 

 together with other professiona hunters turn their hunting safaris int( photographic safaris. 
The ban is expected to cost Kenyt millions of dollars a year from the loss of licenses. 
Poachers are active in the country’s game parks. Game department offi­ cials acknowledge that thousands ol elephants have been killed in the past few years by poachers who have made a fortune in the ivory business. 
Poaching of rhino, leopard and zebra also is widespread. 

Our Ambassador's Club gives you the royal treatment. 

AUSTIN — State game warden checked 3,171 fishermen along th lower Texas coast in March and foun that It) per cent of them did not hav valid fishing licenses. The warden also checked 1,o22 boaters and learne that three per cent violated water sa fety laws in some fashion. 
Similar spot checks in April of 5,23 fishermen in the same arca showed si per cent without valid licenses, plus a 

Tim es 
& Tides 

T ID E S 
Port Aransas 
M ay 22 
M ay 23 
Lo 
— 
Lo 
— 
Hi 8:58 a m. 
Hi 9:37 a.m. 
Lo T1:47 p.m. 
LO 
— 
Hi 
- 
Hi 12:33 a m. 

Port Isabel 
M ay 22 
M ay 23 
Lo 
— 
Lo 12:57 a m. 
Hi 1o:26 a.m. 
Hi 11:11 a m. 
Lo 
— 
Lo 
— 
Hi 
— 
Hi 
— 

S U N R IS E S U N S E T 
M ay 22 
M ay 23 
Rise 6:38 a.m. 
Rise 6.37 a m. 
Set 8:23 p.m. 
Set 8:24 p.m. 

M O O N R ISE-M O O N SET 
M ay 22 
M ay 23 
Rise 1o:22 a m. 
Rise 11:15 a.m. 
Set 12:o3 a m. 
Set 12:43 a m. 

MOON P H A S E S 
New moon: June 16 
First auarter: May 26 
Full moon: June I 
Last auart.er. June 8 

 equal percentage of 1,461 boaters in violation of safety laws. 
★ ★ ★ 
GOLIAD — Goliad State Historic 
Park, closed by flooding for several weeks, has reopened. The 178-acre park sustained water damage in April when the San Antonio River over­ flowed. 
All of the camping and trailer sites were reopened last week. 
★ ★ ★ 
RUSK - The Texas State Railroad between Rusk and Palestine will be inlimited operation on weekends and holidays this summer. The three-hour, 
5o-mile round trip starts from Rusk at ll a m. on Fridays, Saturdays and 
Sundays from May 28 through Sept. 5, plus May 3o and July 4. 
Fares for adults are $5.7 round trip and $3 one way; children 3 through 12, 
$3.25 round trip and $1.75 one way. 
Reservations are recommended. 
Write to Texas State Railroad, P.O. 
Box 
39, 
Rusk 
75785 or phone 
AC214-638-2561. The train will carry 
3o5 passengers. 
★ ★ ★ 
AUSTIN — Based on the value of premium ground beef in November of 
1975, an Arizona State University pro­ fessor, Sidney Wilcox, says total value of deer meat harvested in Texas that year amounted to $12,o55,o5o. Ground meat price at that time was 89 cents a pound. - 
Approximately 349,ooo whitetails and 
11,ooo mule deer were killed in Texas during the 1975 season. 

AUSTIN — As many as 3oo Texans will die this summer in water-related accidents. 
This estim ate is based on deaths during the last five years during June, 
July and August. 
Parks and W ildlife Department fi­ gures indicate that 6o per cent of the v ictim s probably w ill be under 3o years of age and 8o per cent will be males. 
Ninety per cent of the fatalities will be in the public waters of the state — rivers, creeks, bayous, streams, lakes, bays and the Gulf of Mexico. 
Harris County probably will have more fatalities than Dallas, Tarrant and Bexar Counties combined. 
Statistics also indicate that 7o per cent of the persons who have died by drowning probably would have been able to save them selves if they had been able to swim. ' 

Worms 

Worm fishing was most productive in the Resaca de Pilon and in the brush-filled, tule-lined pockets east of the mouth of the Rio Corona. Two, three or more fish could be caught from a single bush by lowering a worm straight to the bottom and jigging it up and down. 
Heaviest bass being caught last weekend was around four pounds. 
Lake Guerrero, now’ six years of age, has captured the attention of bass fi­ shermen throughout the United States. 
It has produced fantastic catches of largemouths for anglers during the last few years. 
The lake undoubtedly deserves its reputation as one of the hottest bass reservoirs on the continent, and that reputation probably will remain un­ tarnished for many years to come. 

LEASE $239" iQ 77 CoUPE 
J L s i 
I 
DEVILLE 

$11,222.oo RETAIL PRICE/STK. 
# J 7 3 7 y> 
MONTHS @ $239.oo MO. - $8,6o4.oo; $933.48 
CASH DoWN/No PURCHASE OPTION; CLOSED- 
END LEASE/NO LEASE END LIABILITY 

226-7221 
BO B BECKETT 
LEASE M G R . 

/ 
A 

Lott hot 
OB 

Continued from Page IS and a Big Eight Conference co-cham- pionship. 
Switzer, whose teams have posted a re m a rk a b le 41-3-2 record in four sea­ 

 sons at Oklahoma, compared Lott to 
Sooner great Jack Mildren, a former pro defensive back with the Baltimore 
Colts, and New England Patriots. 
“ He’s (Lott) as good a runner as 
.lack Mildren was and he's got more size*” said Switzer. Jack was a better thrower, but Thomas has a stronger aru).” 
' added Switzer, a former Arkansas athlete. ‘‘You can’t say we turned ar­ ound because of one player, but his development as a quarterback cer­ tainly played a big part.” 
Lott rushed for 63o yards last season, although he only started the last seven cames. He was MVF in the Fiesta 
Bowl after leading OU to a rout over 
Wyoming. 
‘“ That’s more yards than Steve Davis gained for us in all of 1975 on a national championship team.” said Switzer. 
"That’s, what a wishbone quarterback has to do." 
With Lott leading the way, big things are again expected of Oklahoma since the Sooners have 19 starters returning next fall. 
How does Switzer rate thie group? 
“ This team isn’t anywhere in the class with the 1973 and 1974 national championship teams,” said Switzer. 
“ Those were great football players, who happened to play together. Now the ones we've got are good football players, but there are other people in our league with players of comparable ability.” 
It was mentioned that the Oklahoma backfield of Lott, Elvis Peacock, 
Kenny King and Billy Sims could be the fastest in OU history. 

Vukovich qualifies 

San A jT to n b JX P R E S S N E W S —-Sunday M ay 22 I 977 
H 
Page I US 

ASSOCIATED WfSSS 

INDIANAPOLIS - Bill Vukovich, whose father won the Indianapolis 5oo-mile race twice and was killed while leading in his bid for a third consecutive victory in 1955, joined the field for the 1977 race Saturday. 

The 33-year-old Vukovich changed cars before the third day of qualifications began, joining the (iii- more-Foyt team. He’d been having trouble in the 
Lightning-Offenhauser and decided to leave the ear. 
“ It wasn't any problem with the car,” said Vuko­ vich. “ It was more personal battles that I really don’t want to get into. A.J. (Foyt) suggested last week that I might want to drive for him. but he’s 

 always teasing. This time he wasn't and I decided to drive for him after Friday’s practice." 
Vukovich was one of six drivers to qualify for the 
61st Indianapolis 5oo on May 29. Other qualifiers were Tom Bigelow, Lee Kunzman. Vero Schuppan, 
Joe Saldan and Steve Krisiloff. 
The qualifying time of 186.393 miles per hour by 
Vukovich, who was in the race for the loth consecu­ tive year, was a disappointment to him. 
“ We had too much rear wing on the car. ” he said. 
‘‘And that was my fault. I told A.J. I wanted more rear wing. He said the car didn’t need it and I should have listened to him. However, I figured it was my skin so I insisted on the adjustment and A.J. did it just before I went out. 
“ Now I’ll know to listen to him. Ifs the best car 
Eve ever had, but after the rear was ad lusted I had 

‘trouble turning it,” he said. 
Bigelow had the best qualifying speed Saturday with a 186.471 m p h. 

Kunzman, hoping to he in the race for the first time since 1973 when he finished seventh, had a 
186.384 m.p.h. 
Krisloff, 3o, qualified for the seventh consecutive year with a 184.691 m.p.h. 
Saldan, a rookie from Lincoln, Neb., had 184.596 m.p.h. 

 ifll Whitworth leads by I 

% 

% 

, WR 
.... 
- si 
Ti 
‘ 

>- \ 
<'-V> ss * ?- 

THOMAS LOTT in action 

“ That could he,” said Switzer. 
“ They are all 4.5 or faster in the 4o. 
“ Our backs will be big this YEAR, at least big compared to the hacks we’ve had in the past like Pruitt 
(Greg) and Washington (Joe).” 
Switzer says nose guard Reggie 
Kinlaw, a mean 24o-pounder from 
Miami will be a key to a successful seaeon. He’s been out with a knee in­ jury, had surgery, and did not practice in the spring. 
“ He’s in a class with the Selmons,” said Switzer. “ The type of players we had in the defensive line before. He the makes-a-difference-type player.” 
Switzer said keeping Kinlaw. line­ backer Daryl Hunt and defensive end 
Greg Sellmyer, who are also coming off surgery, healthy will be a key for 
Oklahoma. 
“ We’ve got to keep people like that playing and healthy,” said Switzer. 
“ They are the kind that will make the difference." 

JAMESBURG. N.J. (AP) - Kathy Whitworth birdied three holes on the back nine Saturday for a two-round total of 135 and a one-stroke lead in the 
$77,ooo Ladies Professional Golf Association Classic. 
Miss Whitworth, 37, the tour’s all-time money winner, takes a 67-68—135 total into Sunday’s final round of the 54-hole tournament at the 6,o56-yard 
Forsgate Country Club course here. Donna Caponi 
Young fired a four-under-par 67 to trail Miss 
Whitworth at 136. 
Jane Blalock and Debbie Austin were four strokes back at 139. Sandra Post, Sandra Palmer, Joanne 
Garner and Sylvia Bertolaccini, all tied for second with 68s after the first round, shot one-over-par 71s and fell five strokes off the pace. 
Miss Young mounted a strong challenge on the front nine, scoring four birdies for a sparkling 32. 
After another birdie on the 353-yard 14th, however, she three-putted the 18th when a one-footer rimmed the cup and cost her a tie for the lead with Miss 
Whitworth. 
“ I really putted well on the back nine,” said Miss 

Whitworth, an 18-year tour veteran who birdied three of the final nine holes. "I was nervous on the front but after I made the turn I relaxed and they began dropping.” 
/ 
Asked if she s concerned with having just a one-stroke lead heading into the final round, she said. “ You just have to play your own game and can’t be concerned with how others are doing.” 
The Texan said she won’t abandon her aggressive style of play “ because you always have to be aggressive to win.” 

Miss Blalock, winner of the Greater Baltimore 
Classic last week, said she’s ready to make a charge in the final round after her 68 Saturday brought her within four strokes of the lead. “ It w ill come down to putting tomorrow,” said the 32-year-old pigtailed blonde, gunning for her third tour victory of the year. 
After shooting a first round 71. she birdied three of her last six holes Saturday, chipping in on the 17th from 7o feet. 
Injuries hit 76ers 

PHILDELPHIA (AP) - The Phila­ delphia 76ers had so many players undergoing medical treatment Satur­ day that there weren’t enough for a scrimage as the 76ers prepared for the 
National Basketball Association finals against Portland on Sunday. 
Darryl Dawkins has suffered an inflamation of the right eye, according 

 to Dr. Glen Moyer of Temple Univer­ sity Hospital. Dawkins was hit in the eye by Houston Rockets’ Dwight Jones on Tuesday night and has been having vision problems ever since. 
He underwent treatment Saturday but doctors will not make a decision on w hether he may play until nearly game time Sunday afternoon. 
Sears 

Fine quality solid state electronic digital watches 

Men’s constant or command with 5 functions 

4Pn 

■■■■ll■ 

BUSINESS 
■ 
OPPORTUNITY g 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity D istributorship fo r M e n and W o m e n 
o 
■ 
■ 

• $3995 MINIMUM 
INVESTMENT 
• FAST MOVING 
PRODUCTS 
• UNLIMITED GROWTH 
POTENTIAL 
• COMPLETE TRAINING 
PROGRAM 

• NO SELLING 
REQUIRED 
• STRICTLY A CASH 
BUSINESS 
• PROTECTED 
ACCOUNTS 
• NO EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY 

■■ 
■ 

 a 

Will Not Interfere with Present Employment 
Due to a planned expansion program major merchan­ dising company with successful nationally advertised brand name products will select Part-Time or Full Time 
Distributors of this area. Seventy year-old, one hun dred million dollar company, veils Its products thru supermarkets, drug, discount, grocery and convenience stores. 
Distributor will service these retail stores regularly, Part-Time requires 2o to 25 hours up possi­ ble profit per day. Figure the income you desire per month. 

BE YOUR O W N B O SS, lf you seriously wish to own 
YOUR O W N PROFITABLE DISTRIBUTORSHIP, then call for on anointm ent to see a complete Display of 
Company Products 
You owe it to yourself to learn 
H more about this lucrative opportunity today 
This is a 
■ 
No Nonsense — N o Gimmick, Bonahde Offer and if you are not sincere about owning your own business 
■ or do not meet the above financial requirements, let s 
■ not waste each other s time. For interview! 

CALL TODAY THRU THURSDAY-9 A M. to 9 P.M. 
I 
D AN BROCK — 5 1 2 / 7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 m 
H O L ID A Y IN N , S A N A N T O N IO , T E X . 
^ 

■ 
■■■ 
I 

BRADY'S SPECIAL 
OF THE WEEK! 
PRICES GOOD THRU MAY 26, 1977 

GALAXY DIEP V I/O with 12o-HP MERCRUISER 

STANDARD EQUIPMENT, Custom con* toured sleeper seats, bow rails, custom tailored convertible top, glove compart­ ment with running lights wired, Aqua- 
Turf marine carpeting, built-in stern seats. Electric bilge pump, bilge blower, 
18-gallon fuel tank with electric fuel gauge, bow rails, deluxe dashboard with full instrumentation and engine remote controls, stern rail and boarding ladder. Skipper B. Galvanized Custom 
Drive-on Trailer. 
Sugg. Ret. $6333.33 

THIS WEEK SPECIAL 
*4788 
Limited To Current Inventory 

* 4vi 
* ' 'V* tog*, qjp im 
V 

 m- 

F u ll tw o y e a r w a rra n ty 
Jf, within two years from the date of ourchase. this watch fails under normal use to be accurate within three minutes a year due to a defect in material or workman­ ship. except due to failure of power cell, return this watch to the nearest Sears store throughout the United 
States, and Sears will repair it free of charge. 
Water-resistant watches are designed to withstand wa­ ter pressure of 35 pounds per square inch (in addition to normal atmosphere pressure) as long as crystal, crown and back remain intact. 
Shock-resistant watches are designed to withstand a 3 ft. drop on a hardwood floor without significantly affect­ ing accuracy. 

 l f im 

I. Hour 2. Minute 
3. Seconds 4. Month 
5. Date 

Sears regular low price 

Watches enlarged to show detail. 

Only 39.99 for an electronic digital watch 

 designed to give you accuracy to within 3 

 minutes a year. It s battery ru n ...n o hands, 

 gears, parts or springs, which means little 

 or no maintenance. Stainless steel cases or 

3 Micron gold-plated base metal cases. 

In our Jewelry Department 

Buy Now for Father’s Day 

June I9th . , . Use our 

Convenient Lay-Away 

Where America shops 

«kahs. Kotuui K anu co. Satisfactiori Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza blore 
Soledad al Navarro 
Moo. and Thor*. 9:3o-*# 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 ,3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at la u p 41o 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9:3o-9 

GALAXY TRI-HULL 1/o 
WITH 12o-HP MERCRUISER 

INCLUDES: TOP a 
HQRN 
* FIRE 
E X T IN G U IS H E R 
A 
W A L K -I HRU 
W IN D S H IE L D ★ 
U P H O L S T E R E D 
B O W CUSHIONS * BUILT-IN GAS 
TANK PU M P 
★ BILGE BLOWER a 
S T E R N S E A T S 
★ 
FULL I NS T R. 
P A N E L 
★ 
P O W E R T R I M , 
* 
BATTERY ★ SKIPPER 8 G A L V A N ­ 
IZED CUSTOM DRIVE ON TRAILER 

Suggested List $6152.12 

‘Limited Supply with slight Imperfect { 

THIS WEEK SPECIAL 
*4488 

SPORT-CRAFI TRI-HULL with 5o-HP MERCURY OUTBOARD 
THIS WUK SHOAL 
*2688 

Current Inventory Only 
FUN MASTER TRI-HULL with 4o-HP MERCURY OUTBOARD 

★ WALK THRU WINDSHIELD ★ UPHOL­ 
STERED HELSMAN SEATS ★ FIRE EX. ★ 
BATTERY & BATTERY BOX ★ TWO BOW 
STORAGE BO XES W / UPHOLSTERED 
SEATS ★ GAS TANK ★ SINGLE LEVER 
REMOTE CONTROL SKIPPER B TIPPER 
(EASY LOAD) GALVANIZED TRAILER 
W/ALL LIGHTS & TIE DOWNS. 
Suggested List $3,767.27 

THIS WEEK SPECIAL 
2588 

Current Inventory Only 

I 
SUPER SPECIALS: 15' 1 17' BASS BOATS I 

S u g g e s te d List $35 27 25 

OPEN: 
WEEKDAYS 9-7 P.M. 
SATURDAY 9-4 P.M. 
CLOSED SUNDAY 

LOW DOWN PAYMENT 

UP TO FIVE YEARS TO PAY 

BANK RATE FINANCING 

'r n 

 v Vs 

Y :' 
* 

ALKA-SELTZER PLUS: 
COLD TABS: 

 a' Ana Sr:;?: Pl U S 
> 
Cold 
Medirine 

FAST RELIEF FROM 
MAJOR COLD SYMPTOM! 
2o FAST 

DISOLVING 
TABLETS. 

MINTY MOUTHWASH 
LISTERIA AIT 
MOUTHWASH AND GARGLE, 

A FRESH, MINTY TASTE 

24 OZ. 

FAMILY 
Sj I 2 J ( O I 
SIZE FOR 
DAILY 
ORAL CARE 

24 pi oz tiffin az 

 a SI TUSH CORNER 
PLANTER 
\ 
EASILY ACCOMMODATES 
- % FOUR HANGING PLANTS 
LIGHT, EASY 
TO SET UP 
UNIT WILL 
COMPLEMENT 
ANY DECOR 

PLA N TS N O T 
IN C LU D ED 

PLASTIC V2” x5o’ 
LAWN HOSE 
TOTAL QUALITY CONTROLLED 
AND INSPECTED 

LIGHT 
WEIGHT 
I AND 

I FLEXIBLE 
BY MOORE 

GROUND BEEF™” ” " " 
„ 68' 
CHUCK S T E A K ™ ” 
88* 
CATFISH STEAKS’ ™ 
.‘ l a 
FRYER B R E A S T S ” 
. 88' 
FRYER T H I G H S ’- 
78* 
FRYER DRUMSTICKS-— * . 88* 
Sliced Bologna 

O 
OO 
OO 

OI 
-JC a 

SLICED BACON" . ...... 

I LB. $1 38 I 
PKG 
J*. 
I 
Cl i p r n c i i r r r r MMere ambon 
SLICED CHEESE SNGl£W'AmDSlCES 

12 oZ $119 I p k g * I 
I 

SWISS STEAK"”"'"o” "" 
$118 

... LB. 
JI 
I 
STEW MEAT 
„ 
’ I 18 

" *7, fj.% 
*5?! - * - 

■ * •< • ,* . 

I M 
P 

 r n * i m 

•Yf v 
M 

 i ■ .‘-j 

 fROZEN FOODS 

I APPLE PIE...” - 

26 O Z. " Y O C 
...............n t. t o 
I j ) |T 
|T | ^ 
VIAL STUFFIO. WEIGHT WATCHERS 
V o ^ l 19 
I BROCCOLi...^.“.= 
9 -oar J I OO 
%t m° 
JL 

BBQ B R I S K E T ....... 
J o 49 

. . . L B . L 
BBQ CHICKEN ™ 
$ 1 7 9 

• • • BA. Jai 
ECKRICH BOLOGNA-- 
$ 1 6 9 

. . . LB. 
JL 
ECKRICH PEPPER LOAF 
$959 

. . Lb. mm 
COLE SLAW 
.69' 

A U VARIETKS 

PILLSBURY 
FLOUR 

A U PURPOSE 

AT YOUR NEARBY SKAGGS ALBERTSONS AND 
SKAGGS DRUG CENTERS YOUR FAMILY’S HEALTH r 
IS OUR MAJOR CONCERN, YOUR PRESCRIPTION 
IS FILLED PROMPTLY, ACCURATELY, AND WITH 
VS 
FINEST DRUGS AT THE LOWEST PRICE. 

FRUIT DRINK 

ALL VARIETIES 

[46-OZ. 
TIN 

TOMATO 
SAUCE 

CONTADMA 

OZ. 
TINS 

THE 

OMAK, MAMA iO l 

JANET U t A tt VARIETIES 

W I r" k Mw 

TOMATOES 

• • • « « » 

JANET LEE WHD4J 

 jm to 'w rn 
TOMATOES 

VINE RIPE 
FLAVOR is. 
AVOCADOS 
POTATOES 
ONIONS 
PEARS 
DRESSING 

CALIFORNIA SMOOTH A CREAMY 

RUSSETS. UA. No. I, BAKERS 

YELLOW MEDIUM SIZE 

DANJOU SUN FLAVORED 

MARIES BLUE CHEESE 

3 -1“ 
,.4 il“ 
3 a’ I o8 
3J1“ ii o i.$ | 29 
JAR 

■■rn 

I 

DONUTS 

GLAZED 
AND SUGAR 
FOR 

P IC O 
GOC 
I 
I r 
UM OH MERINGUE, LARGE •" SIZE 
T V 
POU N D CAK ES 
2 1oo 
HARD ROLLS??r:.?:.nr3o 1oo 

W ST" 

TAKE YOUR OWN 
BLOOD PRESSOR 
EASY TO USE ONE PIECE UNIT WITH 
NEW EXCLUSIVE C U FF-LO C K FEATURE 
SICO] 
OKO 

COMPLETE KIT 
INCLUDES: UNIT 
WITH SOFT VINYL 
CASE, COMPLETE 
INSTRUCTION 
GUIDE AND A 
BLOOD PRES. CHART 

ARMSTRONG IMPULSE 
SPRINKLER 
NEW FULL-FLOW DESIGN OPERATES 
ON BOTH LOW AND HIGH PRESSURE 

ADJUSTABLE 
FULL OR ANY 
PART CIRCLE 
^ 
WATERING 
PATTERN. SET 
IT WHERE YOU 
WANT IT! 

 r 
; 
. 
■"» 
I i f 
.TY..;:: , 
- ■ ' : m 

OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY 
DAYS A WEEK 

PRICES EFFECTIVE SUN.. MON.. & 
TUES., MAY 22, 23, A 24, 1977 
3 CONVENIENT locatiohs 
IH 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
57o7 BANDERA RD. • 684-8852 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
11743 WEST AVENUE • 349-5287 
WALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWN 
_WALZEM ROAD • 656-62oo 

* 
WE ARE OPEN 
24 HOURS A DAY 

7 DAYS 

A WEEK. 

Y 
I ^ i e ,® ' 

V A **- 

( 

PROVIDENT AMERICAN POLICY FORM HSE-1oooC (8 72) COVERS 
EYEGLASSES.... DENTAL SERVICES 
PODIATRISTS and CHIROPRACTIC Services 
All In One Policy ... No Supplement Policies Involved 

Look At These Special Features Which Are Contained In Our Policy Form HSE lOOOC (8-72) On Reverse Side - Compare!! 

1. HOSPITAL CONFINEMENT NOT REQUIRED. 

2. Company cannot cancel policy for any reason except for non-payment of premium 

3. Company must accept renewal premiums within the grace 

 period. 

4. Company cannot change provisions of policy for any reason 

5. You own the policy, you don't rent it. 

6. Our policies are good in any city, state or country in the 

 world. 

7. 
Pays full policy benefits regardless of any other insurance you may carry, regardless of workmen’s compensation or 

Medicare. 

8. Policy pays on sickness, accident and surgery. 

9. No limit to number of times used per year. 

1o. No waiting period between confinements in hospital. 

11. Pays up to 365 days for each sickness or accident. 

12. Pays on home nurse benefits, R.N. or L.V.N. 

13. Accidental Death, up to $5,ooo.oo. (Return Premium on 

 each member insured) 

14. The full reserves as required by law are maintained and invested for the protection of our policy holders. 

15. Company cannot raise adult rates for any reason. 

PROVIDENT AMERICAN is proud to offer A Life Insurance Policy for those in the Golden and Middle Age Group. 

Read Below The Features Of Our Life Policy For Special People — Form L-o15o 
G R A D E D B E N E F I T S up to 
$3ooo.oo 
ULTIMATE 
AMOUNT 

S U P P L E M E N T TO: 
THE SAN ANTONIO E X P R E S S 
MAY 2 3 , 
1977 

MAIL THE POSTAGE FREE 
CARD N O W 

Death Benefit First Year 2 5 % of Ultimate Amount, 
Second Year 5 o % of Ultimate Amount, Third Year 
7 5 % of Ultimate Amount, Thereafter the Full Ulti­ mate Amount. 
FOR P E O P L E age 45 to 8o 
The Premium will vary depending on the Amount of Ultimate Coverage and Age of Insured. This is not a term policy but has C A SH VALU ES, 
Loan Values and PAID UP IN SU R A N C E VALU ES. 

NO MEDICAL EXAMINATION FOR THIS LIFE POLICY 
POLICY BENEFITS PAID PROMPTLY 

We also offer a full line of Life Insurance including a Family Group Flap 

Established 1939 

An Old Line Legal Reserve Stock Company 

D A L L A S , T E X A S 

S . A . E . ( 5-23- 77 ) 
Ifs time you had it! 
PROVIDENT AMERICAN’S PRESIDENTIAL PLAN 

Tell Me More . . . about qualifying for your Non Cancellable Guar­ anteed Renewable for Life Hospitalization Plan or Life Insurance in which the rates are guaranteed not to Increase or the Benefits Reduce. 

NAM E 
NO. IN FAM ILY 

AGES 

ADDRESS 

RT. 
BOX NO. 

CITY 

RACE 
OCCUPATION 

PHONE 

COM M UNITY 

COUNTY 
ZIP 

I Am Interested In 
□ Hospitalization 
□ Life 
I 2 - B 

The following material is an announcement and not a complete solicitation for a policy of insurance. It does not state all of the provisions of the insurance contracts or all of the provisions that restrict insurance coverage or benefits by condition or limitation, or all of the provisions that are required by law. A complete description of the policies or a specimen copy of the policies can be obtained by writing to insurer. 
A Truly Non-Cancellable Guaranteed Renewable For Life 
HOSPITALIZATION POLICY 

The C o m p a n y C a n n o t R a ise Y o u r R a to s nor R educe Y o u r 
B e n e fits D ue To O ld A g e . 
Issued On A LL AGES From o-1oo Years 

Pays Up To 365 D ays For Each Sickness or Accident Regardless of Age. 

This Is One Of The Finest Hospitalization Plans Issued 

To Anyone From o-1oo Years Of Age 

READ THE FINE C O V E R A G E OUR HSE 1oooC (8 -7 2 ) PLAN OFFERS 
HOSPITAL ROOM AND BOARD, up to 
PAYS HOSPITAL R O O M , up to 
$ 6 o . o o per d ay 
ACCORDING TO THE R O O M RATE A N D PREM IU M Y O U SELECT. 
PAYS UP TO 365 DAYS FOR EACH SICKNESS OR ACCIDENT 

PAYS IN FULL ALL USUAL 
CUSTOMARY AND 
REGULAR HOSPITAL CHARGES O N THE FOLLOWING 

OPERATING ROOM 

ANESTHESIA 

USE OF CYSTOSCOPIC ROOM 

PASTEUR TREATMENTS 

Extra Special Benefits 

All of these benefits are included in one policy. 
No supplement policies are involved. 

★ Pays On EYEGLASSES! 
★ Pays On DENTAL SERVICES! 
★ Pays On CHIROPRACTOR! 
★ Pays On PODIATRISTS! 

AiSO PAYS ON THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS'. 

HYPODERMICS (INJECTION OF NARCOTICS FOR THE RELIEF OF PAIN) 

IRON LUNG 

SURGICAL TRAYS 

SURGICAL DRESSINGS 

CAST AND SPLINTS 

ELECTROCARDIOGRAMS 
BASAL METABOLISM 

ENCEPHALOGRAMS 
CARDIAC CONVERSION TREATMENT 

BRACES (FOR NECK, RIBS, ARMS, BACK OR LEGS) 
DIATHERMY 

SURGERY BENEFITS 
(In hospital, office or home) 

MEDICINE 

OXYGEN 

XRAYS 

LABORATORY 

BLOOD TRANSFUSIONS 

HOME NURSE BENEFIT, 
(FOR SICKNESS 
OR ACCIDENT) 

FIRST AID 

AMBULANCE 

ACCIDENTAL DEATH 

RADAR DIATHERMY 
HYDROTHERAPY lung CAPACITY TEST 
Pays on home nurse benefits. R N. or L V.N. 

THIS PO LICY IS D E SIG N E D TO MEET T O D A Y S IN C R E A SE IN H O SPITAL & M E D IC A L COST, A L S O T H I FUTURE A S WELL. 
O ur Hospitalization Policies Are Accepted B y Doctors And Hospitals 

WE ARE PROUD OF OUR PROMF*T CLAIM SERVICE 

Postage Stamp 
Necessary lf Mailed in the 

B U S I N E S S 
R E P L Y 
C A R D 

FIRST CLASS PERMIT No. 1o318 
. 
DALLAS, TEXAS 

Old Line Legal Reserve 

5744 L.B.J. Freeway 
P. O. Box 3o161 
Dallas, Texas 7523o 

San Antonio 

SUMMER 
DIET 
PAGE IO 

FARRAH 
POSTER 

PAGES 12 & 13 

NEW 
CANCER 
DRUG 

PAGE 8 

HERE ARE TWO MORE STORIES FROM STAR READERS’AMAZING ROOTS 
Indian justice was savage and brutal 

STAR READER Joy Coleman of Everett, Wash., has a great grandfather, Jacob 
Robbins, who participated in many of the great adventures in America in the 
18oos. Jacob Robbins traveled from the East Coast to California by all three routes of the day: around Cape Horn, across the Isthmus of Panama, and across the plains by wagon train. 
He mined gold in California, built the first brick house in Denver, Colo., and hunted buffa­ lo on the Great Plains. He made a fortune in construction in Chicago, then lost his money in railroads, then rebuilt his fortune only to 

 what Iodin loon were Bu teo oo the frostier, the peoohy was scalping, extreme acts of torture and death. See a reader’s story at right. 

 lose it again in the Chicago fire of 1871. 
Before his death, Jacob told stories of his fantastic life to Guy Robbins, Joy Coleman’s grandfather. Guy wrote those stories down. 
It is from that writing that this tale of jus­ tice on a wagon train is taken: 
THERE was a young man from way 
9 hack East who bragged he was going to kill the first Indian he saw. 
The rest of the wagon train tried to talk ham out of the notion. They said it would only make the Indians worse and that they would get their revenge. The whole wagon train might be massacred if he shot an Indi­ an. But the Easterner did not pay attention to anyone. 
Finally, one morning, the Easterner spied an old squaw gathering fire wood along the river. He took aim, fired, and the squaw fell over dead. 
That caused great commotion among the men. They disarmed the Easterner and chained him inside one of the freight wa­ gons, but it was too late. The deed was done. 
The foreman gave orders to crowd the cat- 
They had to hang Uncle Peter 

$5o WINNER 

HUGH JOE JOHNSON of Reids­ ville, N.C., still works the same tobacco-growing land his family has worked for the past 2oo years. 
His Roots entry included three fascinating stories and an inspir­ ing conclusion: 

AROUND 178o, my family moved from Virginia and settled in Ca­ swell County, North Carolina, the same county as Alex Haley’s fam­ ily. Perhaps I can give a different view of lite in the South than did 
Alex Haley. 
When my great, great grand- ather, Andrew Johnson, died in 
J&39, he owned two slaves. He had never been an enthusiastic slave holder. He didn’t make his slaves work unnecessarily. In fact, they spent most summers fishing. 
Once I asked my Aunt Sarah if she had known people to whip slaves. “Yes-sir-ree, she saia. 
“They whipped them.” 
I couldn’t believe it. I said: 
“Aunt Sarah, you told me Andrew was kind to slaves.” 
“Oh, Andrew was,” she said. 
“But when them little darkies was mischievous, he whipped them right along with his own kids.” 
I have no doubt the kind of nei ey’ 
But I’m also glad to be old enough 

 three times 

_ pun­ ishment applied to slaves in Alex 
Haley’s Roots really happened. 
(so glad to be old enough to come in contact with people, both black and white in North 
Carolina, to know that the majori­ ty of people did not act that way. 
There were fanatic owners who administered cruel punishments. 
But it was not the general way of life. 
The Johnson family fell on hard tinges in the 185os. The worst hap­ pened to Uncle Peter Johnson, 

 who was engaged in the business of selling liquor. 
Christmas Eve, 1853, there was a drinking party at Peter’s house. 
The next morning everyone left except Peter and a dead man named Bartlett Diamond. 
Peter was arrested and charged with murder. He was found guilty and sentenced to be hanged in No­ vember, 1855. 
/ 
Peter Johnson was no small man. It took three tries to hang him. The first two times the rope broke. After getting himself off the ground after the second fail­ ure, Peter looked at the sheriff and said: “ If you are trying to hang me, you are doing a damn poor job.” 
The third try was the charm, in a manner of speaking. Giving jus- 
Hugh Joe 
Johnson’s family has worked North 
Carolina tobacco fields for over 2oo years. The truth distilled from that experience: the only real value is land— and crops grown on it. 
Says Johnson: 
“I inherited a far greater gift than fortune — that of setting out a tobacco crop and watching 
It grow.” See story above. 

 tice where justice is due, Peter was so drunk he never really knew if he had killed Diamond or not But one witness who testified against Peter, and was the last man to see Diamond alive, later killed two men. 
Times went from bad to worse during the Civil War. The John­ sons moved to another county and scratched at the soil to raise to­ bacco and stay one jump ahead of the bill collector. 
Life continued like this until 
1879, when a newspaper article 
Bared in the Raleigh Observer telling of an inheritance due Nan­ cy Johnson and the rest of John­ son family. There was new hope now in the rugged tobacco fields 
— a fortune had been left to the 
Johnsons by some of the family 

 still in England. But after two years of legal battles, the claim came to nothing. 
In the year 1977, I am preparing to do what the Johnsons have done every year since before there was a United States — plant another crop of tobacco. 
Although I did not inherit the lost fortunes of my long-ago ancestor, I inherited a far greater gift — that of a life of tilling the land and enjoying the pleasures of setting out a tobacco crop and watching it grow. 
I only hope my children will in­ herit that same gift, because it truly is the only inheritance I have that is lasting. 
When my great great grand­ father Andrew Johnson’s will was probated in 1839, it listed among his possessions, “one thousand pounds of tobacco.” I have no doubt that when my will is probat­ ed, it will read about the same. 

$5o WINNER 

 tie close to the wagons and for all firearms to be kept ready. He knew when the dead body of the squaw was found, the Indians would see the bullet hole and know she had been killed by a white man. 
The group moved as fast as the oxen would go, but in late afternoon they were ov­ ertaken by a very large band of Indians. 
The main band of Indians stopped about a mile away and about 2o warriors on ponies rode up to the caravan. They demanded the caravan surrender the person who had killed the squaw. 
At first the men of the wagon train re­ fused. They did not want to turn over the 
Easterner, but the Indians meant business. 
The Indian spokesman was very frank. He said the murderer had to be turned over, or he would call up his main body of warriors and massacre the entire band of whites. 
The men of the wagon train consulted with each other. They finally decided the only thing they could do was to turn the East­ erner over to the Indians. 
They unchained the man. He was weeping and begging for mercy, but it was to no avail. 
His boldness would cause his own destruction. The wages of sin are death, and what an awful death it was. 
The Indians yanked him away from the wagon. They took a knife and drew it around the base of his hair and yanked his scalp off first thing. 
Then they formed a circle and each Indian would give him a jab with a flint arrow. They kept him jumping and screaming for mercy this way until he fell to the ground exhausted. Then they cut his tongue out and disembowled him. 
This was the saddest moment of 
Jacob’s entire life. He remem­ bered it with a shudder to his dying day. 
But the Indians were satisfied with their revenge. They returned to the larger band of Indians, tak­ ing with them the bloody scalp of the hot-headed Easterner who bad vowed to kill the first Indian he saw, and then paid the price of his folly. 
The foreman ordered a grave to be dug and the Easterner was buried on the wind-swept prairie. 
A large stone was used as a grave marker. 
It was time to break camp, which was done with no delay be­ cause everyone was afraid Indi­ ans would come back. The cara­ van traveled as long as the cattle and horses would move, and camp wasn’t made again until af­ ter midnight. 
There were rumors everywhere that Indians were around, and the wagon train didn’t rest easy until several days later when it caught up with another caravan — thus farming a group so large A 
Indians wouldn’t bother it. J F 

LOOK FOR MORE 
ROOTS STORIES 

; 

Mini-skirts stepping back into fashion 

MINI-SKIRTS, the fashion rage of the late 196o’s are climb* ing back into favor. 
Hosiery manufac­ turers are so sure the bare-legged look is returning that they are already produc­ ing special lines of pantyhose and stock­ ings. 
They expect Ameri­ can women to follow the lead of Paris de­ signers who have hoisted hemlines above the knee for fall. 
If they do, the ho­ siery - makers may finally win their 
1o-year battle to get women out of pants and into stockings and skirts. 
Although the latest trend won’t be fully seen until fall, ex­ perts say they expect to see legs coming back into fashion through the summer 
—and not only with swimsuits and short- shorts. 
“The effect will be enormous,” said Jer­ ry 
Horowitz, vice president for sales at the 
Mayer 
Beaton hosiery company. 
“With the new short lengths, women are going to be more con­ cerned with the look of their legs.” 
That look will be dif­ ferent from the shim­ mering, sheer nylons of the pre-pants days. 
More of the new ho­ siery will be pat­ terned and textured or in opaque dark colors. 
“Patterns and tex­ tures will probably make up anywhere from 5 to IO percent of our line,” said Sunny 
Miller, vice president of advertising for 
Pennaco. That firm, 
Van Ilaalte and oth­ ers are also going to have heavier knit hosiery and sweater tights this fall. 

Hosiery sales have already begun to rise as manufacturers have capitalized on the skirts, culottes and dresses being worn. Hanes has in­ troduced a collection of knee-high stock­ ings done in textures 

You won’t see many girls going this far yet 
-but bare legs are definitely on way back. 

 and patterns to wear with city denims, classic cotton suits, culottes and soft silk dresses. 
Both Burlington and 
Hanes anticipate higher sales of sup­ port and control-top hosiery, combination pantyhose and super- sheer products. “My 

 feeling is that the market will be strong,” said Terry 
Alvarez, vice presi­ dent of marketing at 
Burlington. 
“Last year there were a lot of opaques. 
But it takes 
American women about a year to get used to a fash­ ion.” 

Mi MacGraw’s new hairdo her way of saying: I’m free 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 
MOVIE STAR AH MacGraw has been shorn of her long, dark tresses and giv­ en a short, curled hairdo for her film comeback. 
Her hairdresser, Dusty Fleming, thinks die looks “sensational.” Makeup expert 
Mark Traynor thinks she made a “sensible decision.” And her husband, Steve Mc­ 
Queen, thinks ifs a “disaster.” 
He was reported to be mad at her for changing it. 
Who is right and why did she do it? THE 
STAR asked beauty experts and behavior scientists and came up with these explana­ tions: 
She did it to “update her image,” “relieve her frustrations,” and “make a statement of independence.” 
Can changing her hairstyle do all that for a woman? Yes, the experts agreed. 
Dr. Arthur Blatt, a New York City psy­ chologist, explained: “Ifs part of the magic all people perform. 
“Some women will change their hairstyles the way other women will change their clothes or their apartments if things are not going well. 
“Changing their environment—in whatev­ er form—relieves the feeling of anxiety and frustration at not being able to achieve what they want. 
“We always think a change will do it. Of course, it doesn’t, but it does protect our psyche and en­ able us to keep going. 
“We can always say ifs not my fault, it’s my hair, or my clothes or my apartment or my job.” 
Dr. Leslie Cowne, a Manhattan psychologist, said: 
“Usually when a patient, espe­ cially a woman, cuts her hair, ifs a statement to the world that she is ready to cut loose from some­ body or that she is about to em­ bark on some endeavor on her own. 
“Ifs a statement of indepen­ dence. She is saying, ‘I can take care of myself.'. ” 
Small wonder Steve McQueen finds the whole thing a disaster. 
Dusty 
Fleming, the Beverly 
Hills hairstylist who created Ali’s new look, was unperturbed by her husband's reaction. 
“Have you seen Steve McQueen lately?” he shot back a barbed re­ ference to the hair, beard and girth the actor has added to his own image since he was last seen on the screen. 
“He just doesn’t appreciate it esthetically,” said Fleming. “I think she looks sensational. When people see her on the screen, they’re going to be blown away.” 
Fleming said Ali needed a new look for the movie Convoy, which 

Hie old AU with her long tresses, 
• popular in the 196o’s. she has just started filming with 
Kris Kristofferson, who now has more hair than she has. 
The movie is based on the coun­ try-western song hit 
Convoy, which is about the highway ad­ ventures of truck drivers. 
Ali plays a rich society girl who gets involved with Kristofferson, one of the truckers. It is being shot;on locations in New Mexico. 
Hairstylist Fleming said: “Ali’s style,. which I call the Freedom 
Cut, has a real free attitude about it, like the wind going through your hair. 
“It’s like a spiritual rebirth for 
Ali. Ifs a new her, a new image. 
She loves it.” 
Fleming described how he cut 
Ali’s thick dark hair to a two-inch 
Louise tosser plans a book on ‘M ary’ 

Lousie Lasser: She says she ac­ tually ‘became’ Mary Hartman. 

LOUISE LASSER is writing a book about how depressed she got playing the title role in the TV soap opera Mary Hartman, Maiy 
Hartman. Louise revealed to THE 
STAR she isn’t sorry the show has been canceled. It will be replaced by a new series based on the same characters—minus her— called Femwood Tonight. 
“I’ve never been what you would call a happy person,” 
Louise said. “Even 15 years of psychoanalysis didn’t really help me. “That’s one of the reasons 

 that I was so in love with the character I played. 
“Twice during the tapings, the doctor ordered me into the hospi­ tal from total exhaustion and once 
I completely lost my voice—talk­ ing myself into poor health. 
“I really became Mary Hart­ man. 
“It was inevitable, doing it ev­ ery day, and it became an identi­ ty crisis. 
“I found myself reacting to ev­ erything just like she would. 
I 

 got-very nervous and exhausted and I winced from despair and fear. J felt as if I was on death row.” 

But She admitted the series helped her career, bringing her many movie offers. 

She’ll' write her book between film- assignments, she said. 

Arid .she also hopes to shake off the M^ry Hartman image. 
“The real Louise Lasser will now really come out,” she said. 

Toe new An M artin *—ber short curb have upset husband — su­ perstar Steve McQueen. 

 length all over, except for the sides which are trimmed to the scalp. 
“It’s all cut toward the back, leaving a fullness there like you lad lilted it and run your fingers through it,” he explained. 
He then gave her a permanent, with firmer curls on top so they would brush back as though hit by the wind. 
Finally, he added reddish high­ lights with an auburn henna. 
“Henna, which is a natural product, is the best thing for a permanent because it coats and protects the hair,” he said.' 
Fleming said the Freedom Cut is catching on with his customers. 
“I just gave a longer version to 
Candice Bergen,” he said. 
Mark Traynor, a makeup ex­ pert who has helped many show business personalities find their image, approves of Ali’s new look. 
“The mood it suggests is devil- may-care and casual, compared to her old, longer tresses which gave her a more formalized pret­ tiness,” Traynor told THE STAR. 
“By wisely changing her look, she will avoid a comparison with the way we remember her in her last film appearances. Here we have a whole new girl, vibrant, quite contemporary.” 
Most women like an occasional change of appearance in hairstyle and makeup, Traynor observed. 
“Time causes changes inside and out, and it’s an excellent idea to change one’s look to adjust to the mirrored image. 
“Fashion changes every year and holding on to an old style gives a woman a dated and there­ fore an older look.” 
Traynor said every women should make some change in her makeup or hairstyle at least ev­ ery two months. 

“And every six months, there should be an attempt at a more adventurous change, perhaps a new hair style coordinated with new makeup techniques.” 

SALE! Save 245.oo on Pioneer hi-fi stereo system featuring 3-way speakers! 
549 
95 

 ll purchased separately 7S4.9S. An incredible value on a complete high fidelity stereo system from Pioneer! You get the SX-65o 
AM-FM stereo receiver with continuous power output of 35 watts per channel, minimum RMS at 8 ohms or 35 watts per channel at 
4 ohms from 2o Hertz to 2o,ooo Hertz with no more than o.3% total harmonic distortion. Includes HPM-4o 3-way speaker system with bass reflex type enclosures and BSR belt-drive turntable. Plus you get the SE-2o5 dynamic type stereo headphones with 8'2" con­ nection cord. Stereo, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

This stereo system has a mnufacturer's warranty. For a free copy of the warranty, write Joske’s of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6. 

ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT 
MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 
JOSH E’S 

THE $/Stf A N T O lA 6 * tfrA * -iM a y f* 2 , 
PA G E 5 

Shoulder tied, print sundresses with elasticized bodices ... just 
13 
OO 

At Joske's you'll find dozens of shoulder tie, elasticiz­ ed bodice sundresses in w ashable and dryable poly- ester-cotton. And at such a low price, you can afford to have several in summer prints to suit your style. 
Sizes 8-16, Sun Country Sportswear, Downtown, 
North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas, Austin. 
Charge it! 
JOSKE’S 
H I A UNIT O F ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

My husband, Frank, has a sense of humor that can turn disasters into precious mo­ ments. 
I was fixing dessert using my 
Mender. 
When 
I accidentally knocked the lid off while the blen­ der was running, food sprayed on the ceiling. 
I screamed and my husband came running into the kitchen carrying his plate. “My God, what happened to dessert? ” 
Frank asked. Just then some of the food on the ceiling fell down, splatting right onto his plate. 
Thfflflc you, Sir,” Frank said, looking up to heaven. Then he walked out of the kitchen, having turned my disaster into a belly laugh. — Slats Collins, 
Fort 
Wayne, Ind. ever happened to you while pre­ paring a meal? Tell us about it. 
Write: DAFFY DINNERS, The 
Star, 73o Third Ave., New Yttric, 
N.Y., 1oo17. 
Modem complaint 

I’M writing to 'complain about modem TV stars. The comedians are always doing political materi­ al that isn’t funny, or some drug- juppie stuff I don’t understand. 
The actors are all hairy, or wood­ en, or both. There is no glamor any more. What we need are more Carol Burnetts, Mary Tyler 
Moores and Lucille Balls. They know how to be funny. — Mrs. E. 
Gilliam, Philadelphia, Pa. 
A boo for Ball 

I WANT to start a campaign to ban old Lucille Ball sitcoms from 
TV. They drive me crazy. One station here shows old I Love Lu­ cy reruns — my gosh, they stoi 

My husband fell for dessert that fell for him 

Lucille Ball: Pros and cons, see readers’ letters at left. 
Is there no better material after all this time? Another station shows old Lucille Ball Show re­ runs — you know those insuffera­ ble abominations of bad taste that starred Lucy, her kids, and that terrible Gale Gordon. 
No, I don’t love Lucy. Why can’t we have more quality pro­ gramming and less of Lucy’s out- of-date drivel?— Jesus Perez, San 
Antonio, Tex. 

Green tongue 

 pped making them in the 5os. 
MY daughter has a houseful of 

 beautiful, healthy plants. 
She talks to them every day as part of their treatment. The other day when a visitor commented on the beauty of her plants, my son-in- law commented: “Yes, my wife has been blessed with a green tongue.” —• Shirley Bosin, New 
York, N.Y. 

Pregnant comment 

A FRIEND of mine had a novel way of breaking the news to us that his wife was pregnant. 
“Put it this way,” he said. “I’m going to have W tighten my belt while she loosens hers.” — Jack 
Daley, Detroit, Mick. 

Phoney regrets 

“NOT even faith will help you now,” I told my sister when she was lianded a $2oo estimate W have branches cut from a tree in her backyard that a city inspector said was growing too far out inW the alley next to her house. 
The next day she got a call from the phone company express­ ing regrets that because her tree’s branches were interfering with phone wires they would have 
Son thought mom was just old-fashioned girl 

HE INCREDIBLE 
HINGS KIDS SAY 

 these corduroys.” 
— 
Harriet 
Ross, Miami Beach, Fla. 
Cinderella^ ball 

MY seven-year-old grandson was watching a friend make a cake 
“from scratch.” Suddenly, Kevin said: “My mom makes a cake the old-fashioned way, from a box.” 
My friend replied: “This IS the old fashioned way, from scratch. 
Your mom makes cake the mod­ em way, from a box.” 
Kevin scratched his head and said: “I dunno. Mom has been making cakes from a box as long as I’ve known her.” — Mrs. Loy 
Camp, Lake Charles, La. 
Say Uncle 

I HAVE three pictures of my boy­ friend, one of the age of eighteen, twelve and two. 
His nephew, who is two, said, 
“There is Uncle Kevin, and that’s 
Uncle Kevin and here is Uncle 
Baby.” — Chris Prew, Pittsfield, 
.Mass. 
Tread lightly 

MY youngster asked for a new pair of jeans for school. When I asked Michael what was wrong with the pair he had on, he an­ swered: “The tread’s worn off 
MY five-year-old daughter heard 
PLEASE PRAY FOR ... 
MY FATHER . . . that he gets a job so he can support the family as there s eight of us — Jane Valentino, Brooklyn, N.Y. 
UNWANTED CHILDREN .. . that they find parents that love and care for them. — Donna Smith, Lancaster, Ohio. 
MYSELF . . . that the Lord will cure my epilepsy as He did when I was three years old and had spinal meningitis. — James H. Odum, Jr., Cas­ tle Hayne, N.C. 
MY GRANDMOTHER .. . that she may live the rest of her few days in peace and happiness. — Vicki A. Croan, Shepherdsville, Ky. 
TOMMY / . . who is ten years old and is now in a coma from being hit 

AFTER reading the story of Cin­ derella to my 2^-year-old grand­ daughter, I asked her where did 
Cinderella go. She answered: “To the ballgame.” — Mrs. A. Sturm, 
Sunnyside, N.Y. 
Just a dummy 

I ASKED my four-year-old grand­ daughter why she was spanking her doll. She replied exasperating- ly: “Oh, she never does anything. 
She just sits there like a dummy and stares at me.” — Margaret 
Mickel, New Haven, Conn. 
Ear sneaker 

 my wife and I talking and she wanted to know what it was about. My wife said: “It’s a se­ cret.” 
My daughter replied: “ Sneak it into my ear.” — Edward G. But­ ler, Waukegan, IU. 
Playey plans 

WHEN I told Rachel it was time for her nap, she insisted she wasn’t sleepy. 
“That’s O.K.,” I said, “just take a little rest.” 
“But, Grandma,” she whined, 
“I’m not resty or sleepy. I’m just playey.” — Flo Proctor, Elkhorn, 
Wise. 
Ambulance chaser 

AS we were returning home from a visit to my parents, we heard a siren approaching us and pulled over to the side and stopped. 
I pointed out the ambulance that passed and asked our three- year-old son what it was. His an­ swer: “It’s a station wagon with a whistle.” — Mrs. George Giv­ ens, Omega, Okla. 
$5 
FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

 by a car, that he be healthy and happy again. — Usa, Newark, N.J. kea for prayers. 
AND all the Star readers who as! 

WE PAY $5 for each letter print­ ed. Address your letters to which­ ever section you are writing to: 
Things Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Liveliest Letters, fol­ lowed by The San Antonio Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas, 
78297. 

 to be cut off. So the branches were cut off at the phone compa­ ny’s expense. — J* 
Roman, 
Brooklyn, N.Y. 
Tied one on 

ADULTS say funny things, too. 
Last night my mom was in the living room reading and my fa­ ther was in the bedroom watching hockey on TV. He called-To ray mom: “It’s getting late, we had better go to sleep.” 
My mom was just getting ready when we heard: “You can read a little more, they just tied the score.” — EUen Auriti, Ridge­ wood, N.J. 
Nervous wreck 

A COUPLE of my neighbors were having coffee and cake in my 

 house and we were chatting about our children. One neighbor com­ plained: “My daughter never tells me anything.” 
The other replied, 
“You’re lucky, my daughter tells me ev­ erything and I’m a nervous wreck. — K.H., Miami, Fla. 
Daffynitions 

HERE’S my daffynitions to add to 
THE STAR’S collection: rear entrance to 
• Bacteria ■ a cafeteria; 
• Band-Aid fund for needy 

• Cheerios — life preservers for ants; 
• Diner on a train — chew chew car; 
• Female snake — hiss miss; 
• Hummingbird — one who for­ got the words; 
• Napkin — sleepy relative; 
• Secret — something you tell one person at a time. — Kelly 
Reymrids, Glenfield, N.Y. 
New light on how to glow healthy plants 

By DINA TRITSCH 
THE light a houseplant re­ ceives can make all the differ­ ence to its growth, say ex­ perts. 
While watering, soil, tempera­ ture and even talking to a plant can all play an important role, sunlight is the most important. 
But for some plants it can prove fatal. 
To help you choose plants that are best suited to the conditions in your home, THE STAR asked a panel of experts to list which plants grow best under which light. 
There are three categories of light — sunny, partly sunny and shady. 
Sunny: This location provides at least five hours of direct sunlight daily. It is usually found in unob­ structed East or South windows; sometimes, especially in the 
South, on a window facing West. 
Partly Sunny is at least two to three hours of direct sunlight dai­ ly. It is the most common expo­ sure and is provided by most East or West windows. 
Shady is a location with bright light but no direct sunlight at any time, usually at a North window. 
The following list is a general guide to the plants that will be happiest in either sunny, partly 

 sunny or shady light. Asterisk de­ notes flowering plants. 
Plants for Sunny Locations: 
Aza­ lea*, Camelia varities*, Codiaeum varieties (Croton); Coleus varieties; 
Crassuia varieties (Chinese rubber plant, Jade plant. Necklace vine, Sil­ ver heard)*; 
Epiphyllum varieties 
(Orchid cacti)* Gynura aurantiaca 
(Purple passin plant or 
Velvet plant)*; lcalanchoe, 
Miracle leafe, 
Panda plant)*; Polargonium variei- ties (Geranium)*; Stapella Hirsuta 
(Starfish flower)*; Solanum psuedo- capsicum (Jerusalem cherry)*; Tra- deseantia varieties (Inch plant, Rain­ bow, Wandering Jew). 
Plants For Partly Sunny' Locations: 
Begonia varieties*; 
Chamaedorea varieties 
(Dwarf palm. 
Miniature palm, Parlor palm), Cissus rhombifol- la (Grape Ivy); fuchsia varieties*; 
Gardenia varieties*; Impatiens varie­ ties*; Netphrolepis varieties (Boston and Sword ferns); Peperomia varie­ ties; Primula malcoides (Fairy prim­ rose)*; Scindapsus varieties (Devil’s ivy, Marble queen, Pothos). 
Plants For Shady Locations: Adian­ tum varieties 
(Maidenhair fem); 
Aglaonema modestun (Chinese ever­ green); Aspidistra elatior (Cast-iron plant); 
Dieffenbachia varieties 
(Dumb cane, Mother’s-in-law tongue); 
Dracaena varieties (Dracaena, Com plant); Ficus varieties (Fiddleleaf fig, 
Rubber plant); Hedera helix varieties 
(English ivy); 
Monstera deliciosa 
(Swiss-cheese plant or Split-leaf philo­ dendron); Philodendron varities; San- serveria trifasciata (Snake plant); 
Syngonium podophyllmum 
(Arrow­ head or Trileaf woner); Tolmiea men- ziesii 
(Pick-a-back or 
Piggyback plant). 

Stray dogs a big headache 
In U S titles 

STRAY and uncurbed dogs are the biggest nuisances in urban 
America, says a leading pet con­ trol expert. 
/ 
Caroline Thompson, an assist­ ant to the executive director of the ASPCA’s New York City head­ quarters, said: 
“Mayors and councilmen are getting more let­ ters about dog-related problems than anything else.” 
She told THE STAR: “These letters demonstrate that the most vexing complaint, as far as.most’ city dwellers are concerned, is the problem of pets that aren’t properly controlled. 

“The most common protests are about dogs excreting in the streets, dogs biting people, dogs allowed to run loose by their own­ ers and abandoned dogs that form packs.” 
Miss Thompson reported the 
ASPCA estimates there are about 
25 million stray dogs and cats in 
American cities. 
Pet control authorities de­ stroyed more than 369,ooo a day in 
1976 at a total cost of $2oo million. 

Top eight auto chiefs share 
$5m a year between them 

By MARY ANN NORBOM 
THE eight top executives of America s auto companies draw salaries of more than $5.5 million a year between them, a STAR survey reveals. 
Here’s a rundown on the auto chiefs and their lifestyles. Salaries for 1976 are based on the compa­ nies’ annual reports. 
THOMAS MURPHY, 62, chairman and chief exec­ utive officer of General Motors, the biggest auto maker, earned $95o,ooo in salary, bonuses, stock op­ tions and benefits—up $375,ooo from his 1975 earn­ ings. He joined GM as a clerk in 1938. 
ELLIOT M. ESTES, 61, president and chief oper­ ating officer of GM, pulled in 
$885,ooo. He started with GM as a teenager, attending an engineer­ ing college where he spent part of his time studying and part work­ ing for the company. 

HENRY FORD II, grandson of the auto industry’s founder, earned $97o,ooo as chairman of 
Ford Motor Co. 
Ford, 59, was made a director of the company at 21 and has worked at all levels, including factory jobs. 
He became chairman in 196o. 

Whot they’re paid each year 

$97o,ooo 
$97o,ooo 
$95o,ooo 
$885,ooo 
$692,ooo 

Henry Ford ll, chairman, Ford 
Lee lacocca, president, Ford 
Thomas Murphy, chairman, GM 
Elliott M. Estes, president, GM 
John Riccardo, chairman, Chrysler 
Eugene A. Cafiero, president, Chrysler$62o,ooo 
Roy D. Chapin, chairman, AMC 
$245,84o 
William Luneburg, president, AMC 
$215,ooo 
Auto assembly workers* 
$16,12o 
•Minimum, based on 4o-hour week 

LEE IACOCCA, 52, president of 
Ford, also earned $97o,ooo. He was one of the post-war Ford 
“whiz kids,” joining the company as a sales and marketing trainee in 1946. 

JOHN RICCARDO, 52, chair­ man and chief executive officer of 
Chrysler Corp., was paid $692,ooo in 1976. Formerly head of a big accounting firm, he joined Chrys- ler’s financial staff in 1959. and be­ came chairman in 1975. 

EUGENE A. CAFIERO, 5o, president of Chrysler, earned 
$62o,ooo. The youngest auto presi­ dent, he was kept by Chrysler in 
1953 when it bought out the com­ pany where he worked. 
ROY D. CHAPIN, 61, earned 
$245,84o as chairman and chief ex- 

Henry Ford ll 
Thomas Murphy ecutive officer oi the industry’s midget, American Motors Corp. 
Chapin’s, father founded the 
Hudson Motor Car Co. When it and Nash Auto Co. merged to form AMC in 1954, Chapin became assistant treasurer of the new firm. He was named chairman in 
1967. 
WILLIAM 
LUNEBURG, 
65, president of AMC, was paid 
$215,ooo. 
A Ford financial analyst for IO years, then vice president of 
Mather Spring Co., he joined AMC in 1963 and became its president four years later. 
Though there are down-to-earth touches, the car executives gener­ ally reflect their huge incomes in their lifestyles. 
Ford and Chapin live in De­ troit’s exclusive suburb, Grosse 
Pointe. Their lake-front estates are valued in the $1 million range. 
Five of the six other auto boss­ es live in another classy suburb, 
SELF DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 
By Emit Farkas of the National Self Defense Institute. 
Drawn by Glenn Vilppu. 

John Riccardo 
Roy D. Chapin 
Blumfield Hills. The exception is 
AMC’s Luneburg, who prefers col­ legiate Ann Arbor, where the Uni­ versity of Michigan is located. 
A comfortable condominium townhouse in the rich community sells for $1oo,ooo and estates go for $3oo,ooo and up. 
Life in Blumfield Hills is much like in other U.S. communities, only plusher. But these areas are far beyond the means of the mass of people who make up the car in­ dustry—the workers on the as­ sembly lines and in the offices. 
According to the United Auto 
Workers, typical base pays are 
$31o for a factory employee, 
$364.77 for an accounting clerk, and $267 for a typist. 
After taxes and other expenses 
—including car payments—there isn’t much left for fancy living. 
• IS YOUR boss worth the money he gets? We’d like to hear your views. Write: BOSS, The 
Star, 73o Third Avenue, New 
York, N.Y. 1oo17. We’ll pay $5 for every letter published. 

-Cher’s sister wants to wed her Hudson Brother 

CHER'S pretty sister, actress Georgianne LaPlere, steps oat with steady boyfriend Brett Hudson, 29, of the Hudson Brothers singing group. Friends say Georgianne’s romance is serious and that the couple hopes to marry soon. 
Scientists stunned by sea life discovery 

A SCIENTIFIC team which dived 
9,ooo-ft. to the bottom of the Pa­ cific Ocean have been startled to find sea life flourishing there. 
The discovery was surprising because the creatures were at depths where sunlight never pene­ trates, and sunlight is the chief source of energy for food produc­ tion that sustains life on land and sea. 
Scientists from the National 
Geographic Society found that the deep sea creatures live in cracks 

 on the seabed, where mineral rich hot water flows up from deep in the earth 
The team, using a deep-sea sub­ marine, gathered giant clams, many a foot long, along with mus­ sels, sea anemones, octopus and other sea organisms. 
Hie dive was made at the Gala­ pagos Rift, 21o miles north of the 
Galapagos Islands. 

IF YOUR arm is grabbed, try to make attacker release his grasi keeping 
J — 6-1 
----------------------- - 
----- -- 

 your foot into his knee. If hit properly, either to the front or side, the knee will break with only a few pounds of properly placed pressure. 
As soon as he releases his grasp, run for help screaming. 

I ST ARSCOPE ★ S T ARSCOPE ★ STARSCOPE 

K R 
ARIES: 
March 
BUM 
21 lo April 19 

ENJOY these heady days with Venus and 
Mars in your sign. Cy­ cle low Friday-Monday. 
An expected call or let­ ter doesn’t come or bad news if it does. 

TAURUS: April 
L » J 
2o to May 2o 

DECIDE on summer goals. 
You may be asked to take care of a loved one, or to become involved in a charitable activity. 
Friday-Mon­ day could be difficult. 

 i 

LIF 
Exp whe 
Mer plan crisi not 

I GEMINI: 
May 
J 
21 to June 21 

E is free and easy, ect a rough Friday n your own planet, cury, fouls up s. 
A friendship s comes Sunday, a day for fussing. 

CANCER: June w a 
22 to July 22 

NEW career opportuni­ ties are yours if you don’t antagonize at work or home. Famfiy member is upset JStfn- day. 
Friend can be frustrating Friday. 

R f j 
LEO: July 23 to r«Urn 
August ti 

LATE on Wednesday and Thursday a friend could ruffle your cool. 
You may lack support of others and will have to play from confi­ dence. Friday is a bad day for communication. 

I i i VIRGO: August yJs? , 
23 to Sept ti 

DON’T create a crisis 
Wednesday 
- 
Friday when goals are in sight. 
Moon in your sign gives you much energy, but because it is a Quarter 
Moon it brings vexa­ tions. 

 e g 
LIBRA: Septets ber 23 to Oct 23 

ROMANCE is lovely but intense. Don’t fail to stand up for your rights. Moon in your sign on Friday-Satur- day could cause argu­ ments, so don’t be too critical. 

[53| SCORPIO: Ode- 
K M ber 24 to Nov 22 

YOU may have to subor­ dinate your desire for amusement to needs of the present. Cycle high 
Monday and Tuesday. 
Moon warns you to con­ trol impatience with delays Monday. 

HPB 
SAGITTARIUS: 
Q ll Nov 23 to Dec 21 

LOVE abounds but be careful of indiscretions 
Sunday. Friday brings disappointment in work 

K l 
CAPRICORN: 
E J Dec 22 to Jan 19 

HOME may be scene of late spring cleaning or redecorating. 
Try to avoid doing things too 

V O | 
AQUARIUS: k&jfl Jan 2o to Feb 18 

SOCIAL life has picked up with friends and neighbors. Don’t let a discussion get too 

 f t P 
PISCES: 
UIL' Feb 2o to March 2o 

MONEY opportunities are still coming, but guard against being extravagant. 
Venus or health. Cycle high 
Tuesday and Wednes­ day. Full Moon enters your sign. 

 lavishly. You may be still having problems balancing love and family obligations. 

 heated 
Sunday! 
You may be more moody 
Friday so disappoint­ ments get to you more. 

 and Mars together are not too practical. Cycle low on Thursday. 

LAURIE BRADY 

PAGE 8 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— M ay 22, 1977 i— rr T * *" ------ «i r i— '•’’"'i'T T 'r . T n •» -r-r * i t — 

 lits . Peter 

Molvos$1m mmdlvorct 

HOW TO HAVE A 

Scrawled symbol could spell major cancer breakthrough 

By AILEEN BERRY 
# 
, 
THE SCRAWLED drawing at right could represent a major SUDSfflllCG breakthrough in cancer research. It is the possible key to a new H o c l r A y S method of destroying deadly cancer cells, 
The drawing was made for THE STAR by scientist Dr. Peter Tutton fflO IIQ IIflllt who made the startling discovery with Dr. David Barkla. 
. 
It is a diagram of a 5,6-Dihydroxytraptimine molecule (5,6-DHT, for €611S III short). The Australian researchers have found the molecule destroys - g i bowel cancer in rats without damaging healthy tissue. 
•IO HOUlS 
Their laboratory tests at Monash 
University, Melbourne, have shown 
5,6-DHT attacks the vital energy centers of cancer cells in rats within 6o minutes, while ignoring healthy cells. 
A single injection of the sub­ stance destroyed 2o to 9o percent of malignant cells within 48 hours. 
After a careful review by top 
U.S. cancer researchers, a report of the Australian findings was ac­ cepted by Cancer Research, offi­ cial publication of the American 
Association for Cancer Research, 
Inc. 
“It is a highly promising ap­ proach,” said Dr. Sidney Wein- nouse, professor of biochemistry at Temple University School of 
Medicine in Philadelphia and edi­ tor of Cancer Research. 
“It is an especially interesting observation of how a substance can selectively attack tumor cells, particularly a type that af­ fect a large number of humans,” he told THE STAR. 
Dr. 
Tutton cautioned there have been no experiments on use of 5,6-DHT for human cancer vic­ tims. 
Thus, he emphasized, any link between the findings with rats and eventual treatment of human bowel cancer is “tenuous.” 
But his colleague, Dr. Barkla, added: “ In the future, this could become a very important break­ 

 laboratory rats treated with 5,6-DHT. through. Perhaps after it is pub­ lished, people with lots of money will be able to carry out research in other areas.” 

Dr. Tutton is a specialist in the study of cell proliferation and Dr. 
Barkla is an expert in the study of cells by electron microscope. 
The two have worked together on cancer research for two and a half years, aided by a grant from the Anti-Cancer Council of Victo­ ria. They eventually discovered 

 that adding hormones to cancer cells made the cells grow faster, while extracting hormones wre- * duced the cells. 
“I suppose you could call -5,- v 
6-DHT an anti-hormone,” said Dr. , 
Tutton. 
*„ - 
“It enters the cancerous cells ; and destroys them but does not . affect the healthy cells' or the,,- body's own immune system-,, as radiation or traditional anti-Can- * cer drugs do.” 
Dr. Barkla explained .(’hat ,5,- ’ 

6-DHT chemically resembles Ser­ otonin, a hormone occurring natu­ rally in parts of the human body, including the brain, gut and blood cells. Serotonin receptors seem to be inside malignant cells and on the outside of normal cells, he said. 
The cancer cell mistakes 5,- 
6-DHT for Serotonin, draws it in, and the substance destroys the cell’s energy center. International interest in 5,-6-DHT is rapidly in­ creasing, the doctors reported. 
Royal Marsden Hospital in En­ gland is studying the effect of the chemical on human cancers grown in mice. 
In the United States, there have been no experiments with 5,- 
6-DHT in cancer research, but it has been used in studies of a type of brain deterioration. 
One drawback to experimenting with 5,6-DHT is the cost. The chemical has to be imported from 
Sweden, the only source, at a cost of about $1.7o a milligram, and approximately 5o milligrams are required to treat a rat with can­ cer of the bowel, Dr. Tutton said. 
There is not yet enough evi­ dence to prove that the anti-hor­ mone treatment could be effective in the treatment of different types of cancers, said Dr. Tutton. 
Further research will be con­ ducted into 5,7-DHT a close rela­ tive of 5,6-DHT. 

ACTOR Dale Robertson’s wife has been awarded a divorce set­ tlement valued at more than 
$l-million. 
Lula Mae Robertson was grant­ ed a no-fault, uncontested divorce by Los Angeles Superior Court 
Judge Billy Mills. 
She and Robertson, who starred in the TV series Wells Fargo, had been married since Nov. 13, 1959. 
Judge Mills ordered Robertson to pay his ex-wife $1,5oo monthly for 
6o months and also awarded her more than $1 million in assets. 
These included jewelry, furs, a 
Cadillac and $1o2,§93 in cash from 

Dale Robertson: He keeps the two farms. 

 sale of the family home in Los 
Angeles. 
Robertson agreed to pay all the couple’s debts and to keep up pay­ ments on more than $1 million rn insurance policies. 
The judge let Robertson keep two farms in Oklahoma, including all livestock and other property on them. 
In her divorce petition, filed in 
February after the couple sepa­ rated last September; Mrs. Rob­ ertson said counseling could not save the marriage. 

FALI-PKooF H O K 
MORE than 9oo Americans are killed by falls in their home every month, according to the National 
Safety Council. 
And this week the council is­ sued a guide to help make the av­ erage home fall-proof: 
• Light the way—Nightlights should be used in bedrooms and bathrooms. 
• Care for floors—For hard surfaced floors, a properly ap­ plied and maintained wax coating is often safer than the surface on which it is used. 
• Throw out those throw rugs— 
Other carpeting should be tacked down, placed on nonslip pads, or have nonslip backing applied. 
• Put things where they can be reached easily—If you have to reach for something use only a solid ladder—no chairs, or other makeshift devices. 
• Make stairways safe—Good lighting and handrails are a must. 
Use nonskid treads. Here’s a good hint to prevent misstep with vis­ ual impact: paint the top and bot­ tom steps white or paint a white strip at the edge of each step. 

• Low, broad-heeled shoes with nonslip soles and heels are best. 
Bedroom and house slippers 

 should fit snugly enough to stay on without flopping or drooping. 
• Take routes that are well- lighted, with sidewalks and steps in good repair. 
• Make sure there are no fail­ ing hazards on your own property. 
In rainy weather, remove all wet leaves and water from steps and walks. 
• Arrange furniture so traffic patterns are straight and direct. 
Halls should be free of furniture and other obstacles. 
• Many people’s lives depend on learning to fall correctly. 
Crumple like a sack and roll on the fleshy parts of the body. 

U.S. government collects 

$1o million in fishing fees 

FIVE nations have paid the gov­ ernment more than $1o million to fish within 2oo nautical miles of the U.S. coast this year. 
Japan paid the largest fee, $5.8 million, to catch 1.1 million me­ tric tons of fish. The Soviet Union paid $3.5 million to catch 648,7oo metric tons. 
Other payments were from 
South Korea, $366,828; 
Poland 
$245,672, and Bulgaria, $55,38o 

• 
V 
•> r 

THE OSMONDS are fed ap with travelog to Las Angeles to Aim and record. So they're banding a $8.5 mil­ lion TV, motion picture and recording studio near their home in Provo, Utah. Looking over the site are 
Marie, Douny afd Wayne (right). “Ifs not that we don’t Tike.L.A</’ they say. “ *fe Uke Provo better.” 

 k .. v 
-to # **** jle&it 
'■ *; — . • / i ’ sjo a * .* _ 

 uards shot at tot wm a * r n , 
Q f a 
Kpan 

TOUGH STAR QUIZ FOR 

MANY of our present-day celebri- • ties claim a myriad of countries as their birthplace. 
In the puzzle below, match the personality’s name with his or her country of birth. 
A word of caution! The obvious may not be the obvious! Have fun! Then check answers at the right. 
1. Englebert 
Humperdinck 
Wales 
2. Henny 
Young man 
Jerusalem 
3. Nehemiah Persoff Canada 
4. Yves Montand 
Belgium 
5. Myron Cohen 
Japan 
6. John Daly 
India 
7. Colleen Dewhurst Ireland 

8. Nina Foch 
Austria 
9. Liv Ullmann 
England 
1o. Dick Byrnes 
Australia 
11. Audrey Hepburn Scotland 
12. Elia Kazan 
Russia 
13. Andre Kostelanetz Turkey 
14. Omar Sharif 
Germany 
15. Shirley Bassey 
Italy 
IG. Tlieodore Bikel 
Poland 
17. Judith 
Anderson 
South Africa 
18. Stephen Boyd 
Mexico 
19. Sean Connery 
China 
2o. Jayne Meadows 
Egypt 
21. Andre Previn 
Nether­ lands 
22. Anthony Quinn Argentina 

AU YOU MOVIE FANS 

Liv UHmami: Her birthplace may surprise you. 

ANSWERS: 
• OD 
-rxajV—uuinft Xuoqiuy ZZ I Ansui 
-JOO—uiadjj a J pixy ll !euao 
—SMopcapv auAef OZ !pueu<x>s 
—£iduuo3 ueas 
61 
• pintail— pXog uaqdais 81 ^eijBJisnv—nos 
-japuy Mlipnf ii ^eijisny—IDM19 ajopoaqj, 9i 
Xasscg Aaj 
-jpIS SI !)dA3g—jueqs Jeuio H iBissnn—ziauepiso)! ajpuy 
El 
IXasfjni—uBZBM eqa ZI ;umiS 
-jag—uinqdaH Xajpny ll ieuij 
-uaSjy—sauiXBH spiel OI iuedef 
—uuHuiim An 6 spuBiJaqiafsi— qoojj BUiM g !epBUBQ—^sjnqM aa uaajpo L ^oujy qjnos—Xjea uyof 9 ipuBioj—uaqoo uojAjv *g 
!aib}j—pueiuow saAA \ !uia|Bsnj 
-af—jjosjaj qciiuaqa^ g !pue|3 
-ug—uBui^unoA /Cuuan 
Z :e!P 
-OI—JfDuipjadumH yacqaSug 
I 

Sleepwalker's trail leads to his mistress 
JOSEPH BOURE, 52, frequently went on sleepwalking excursions outside his apartment in Nice, 
France. 
One night, his wife Yvette be­ came suspicious when their fuzzy little terrier, Lulu, who often went with him, returned holding a scented lace handkerchief. 
Yvette put Lulu on a leash, showed her the hankie, and said: 
“Go on — find!” Lulu led her to another apartment. 
In the apartment was a 28-year- old girl Joseph had moved in for stopovers . Yvette got a divorce. 

American tortured in Mexico jail j makes amazing dash to freedom1 

By BOB BOYD 
AN AMERICAN who was tor­ tured in Mexican jails for 13 months told THE STAR this week about his dramatic es­ cape — while wearing hand­ cuffs. 
David Driscoll, 28, broke away from his guards, ran a mile, and swam the surging Rio Grande, dodging the bullets of border pa­ trol guards. 
The first American to reach him, a border patrol officer, told 
Driscoll: “You make me proud to be an American.” 
Driscoll, a law student at the 
University of New Mexico, was arrested in Merida on the Yuca­ tan Peninsula on suspicion of aid­ ing an earlier prison escape of 
Americans — the biggest mass break from a Mexican jail in modem times. 
Driscoll said: “They kept me in 
Merida for a week before anyone 
— the American consul, my par­ ents or my friends — knew what had happened. 
“They tortured me constantly. 
They used a cattle prod (rn me, kept me tied up, naked and blind­ folded and would throw water on me and shock me with electricity. 
“When they found out I was a diabetic and had to have insulin every day, they refused to let me take my medication. 
“After a few days I couldn’t stand up. I was throwing up ev­ erything. I think they got worried 
I might die because I was getting so weak. They finally took me to a hospital.” 
Driscoll got word to the Ameri­ can consul from the hospital and soon the Mexicans moved him to 
Mexico City. In the meantime, 
Driscoll says, marijuana was planted in His room and he was charged with a drug offense. 
He was moved to Piedras Ne­ gras jail on the Texas border to be held for trial. 
Although the torture stopped, the living conditions were wretched, Driscoll said. 
“They had IO of us in one cell which was exactly IO feet by 7 feet. We had four bunks, so we had to take turns sleeping. There was no exercise at all. 
“The food consisted of a smelly mush for breakfast, a greasy soup for lunch and beans and rice for 

HH 
David Driscoll re-enacts dramatic escape across Rio Grande — but this time there are no guards shooting at him. 

Escape route 

“I had a pretty good lead until I got to a wide ditch just before the river. They got a couple of good shots at me from about 7o yards, \ but they were using handguns and s they weren’t very good marks- I men. One bullet whistled right by I my ear, though. 
“It seemed like an eternity un- i til I got to the river. Hie river ; was running real fast. I jumped in j and got out as far as I could — •' the current was really strong. 
“The Mexicans kept shooting J and I had to go under water. I jt guess the river was about 15o j yards wide, but it took me a long I time to get across.” 
He did a sort of dog’s paddle I with his hands cuffed. 
“The current swept me down : river real fast. Some Mexican ' border guards on the bridge saw what was happening and opened fire. I must have had about IOO bullets fired at me, but I was nev­ er scratched. 
“When I hit land, I tried to hide in the bushes. Then I saw an 
American border patrolman. 
“He called out: ‘Come on over here. You’re safe now.’ Those guys know what the jail is like in 
Piedras Negras and they know that most of the Americans held in Mexico are innocent. He told me I made him proud to be an 
American.” 
Driscoll is now living free again back home in Albuquerque, 
N.M. A few hours after his escape he had a dramatic meeting with a 
Mexican police commander in the 
Eagle Pass, Tex., Sheriff’s office. 
The commander told him the 
Mexican government considered him a free man now. 
“You made it, my friend,” the 
Mexican said. 

Driscoll had to dodge bullets fired from bridge as he fled from Pied­ ras Negras and swam the 
Rio 
Grande. 

 supper. Once a week we had a lit­ tle meat in the soup.” 
In desperation, he decided upon a bold escape plan. 
Driscoll told THE STAR: “I knew it would be 18 months be­ fore my trial and I knew I couldn’t last another three months. Getting out of there was worth the risk of getting shot as far as I was concerned. 
“I am a diabetic and they had to take me to the hospital for blood tests every two months. 
“One other prisoner, a Mexi­ can, went with me in a panel truck. Two policemen were in the cab. 
“Just before we got to the hos­ pital, I told the other prisoner I was going to make a run for it and if he was thinking about es­ caping, now would be the best time. 
“ ‘They can probably get only one of us,’ I told him in Spanish. 
He agreed and said he thought they would go for me since I’m an 
American. That compadre proba­ bly saved my life. 
“When the truck pulled up in front of the hospital, we climbed over the side and started running. 
(Their hands were cuffed in front). There was a lot of confu­ sion and shouting. 
“The cops opened up and bul­ lets whizzed all around us. The 
Mexican stopped, but they couldn’t get a good shot at me be­ cause he was in their way. 
“I ran through the back streets of the town. People were scatter­ ing in all directions. The police 

 tried to catch me in the truck, but they couldn’t make good time on the back streets. 

 pldozen 
; summer coolers 
COOL, low-calorie drinks have been created bf 
Weight Watchers diet experts to help you alaf slim through the long, hot summer ahead. 
The world-wide weight control organization hat agreed to share 12 of its exclusive drink recipes wit!) 
STAR readers. 
Since alcohol and dieting don’t mix, all of the reci­ pes are for non-alcoholic coolers. But some like the 
Bloody Shame and the Brandylike Alexander, could pass for the real thing at a party. 
If you are a successful dieter who just wants to keep your new figure, you are allowed an occasional alcoholic beverage under Weight Watchers’ liberal­ ized Maintenance Plan. 
The trick here is to see that your drinking does not add more than 4oo calories a day to your daily allow­ ance of 1,2oo calories for women and 1,6oo for mea. 
If you know you are going to be having a couple of drinks at a party, make sure you cut the equiva­ lent calories by skipping a serving or two of oread or a helping cf ice cream. 
For your guidance, we are also supplying the calo­ rie count on a selection of popular alcoholic drinks — see table at right. 
Additional non-alcoholic beverages are also listed by their approximate calorie count. The calories for the recipes below are also approximate amounts. 
Beach beauties Jeri McBride (left), Kathleen Parker, Jenny Neumann and Jo Ellen Davidson are in trim for summer, showing off their new swimsuits in the Pacific surf, lite women are with the Cunningham Model Agency of Los Angeles. 

I CALORIE GUIDE TO ALCOHOLIC DRINKS^ 
J NON-ALCOHOLIC T 
Amount 
Approx. 
Dr,nk 
1 
Calories 
Drink 
Amount 
Caf 
NOX. cries 
Drink 
Approx. 
Amount 
Calories 

Ale 
12 ti. ounces 
15o 
Rum 
1 fl. ounce 
1oo 
Apple Juice 
1 cup 
15o 
Beer 
12 ft. ounces 
15o 
Screwdriver 
8 ll. ounces 
2oo 
Apricot Nectar 
1 cup 
15o 
Bloody Mary 
8 ll. ounces 
15o 
Sherry 
2fl. ounces 
IOO 
Chocolate Milk 
8 ll. ounces 
2oo 
Brandy 
1 ft. ounce 
1oo 
Tom Collins 
8 fl. ounces 
15o 
Club soda 
1 cup 
Zero 
Champagne 
4 fl. ounces 
1oo 
Vermouth, French 
5 ll. ounces 
15o 
Coconut milk 
2 fl. ounces 
15o 
Cider, apple 
1 cup 
15o 
Vermouth, Italian 
3Vt fl. ounces 
15o 
Coffee, without 
Coffee, Irlth 
1 serving 
2oo 
Vodka 
1 fl. ounce 
1oo cream or sugar 
I cup 
Zero 
Cognac 
1 fl. ounce 
1oo 
Whiskey 
1 fl. ounce 
IOO 
Diet soda 
1 can 
2 
Eggnog aft. ounce 
3oo 
Whiskey Sour 
5 fl. ounces 
2oo 
Lemonade 
SII. ounces 
15o 
Gin 
1 fl. ounce too 
Wine, dessert 
Milk shake, 
Gin and tonic 
8 ft. ounces 
2oo 
(Muscatel, any flavor 
8 ll. ounces 
35o 
Gin gimlet 
5 fi. ounces 
15o port, sherry, 
Milk, whole 
1/3 cup 
5o highball 
6 fl. ounces 
15o 
Tokay) 
3Vi fl. ounces 
15o 
Pineapple Juice 
1 cup 
15o 
Liqueur 
1 fl. ounce too 
Wine, table 
Soda, regular 
Manhattan 
3ttfl. ounces 
15o 
(Chablis, claret, any type 
8 ounces 
1oo 
Martini 
3 fl. ounces 
15o 
Rhine wine, 
Tea, without 
Old Fashioned 
3 ll. ounces 
15o sauterne) 
3W fl. ounces 
1oo sugar or cream 
1 cup 
Zero 

Milk Shake 

INGREDIENTS — I cup skim milk; % to % teaspoon flavoring or extract (your choice) artificial sweetener to taste; 3 ice cubes. 
PLACE all ingredients in blender. 
Process about 3o seconds or until mixture froths. Pour into tall glass. Makes I serving: 85 calor­ ies. 
Chocolate Milk 

INGREDIENTS — Va cup boiling water; 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa; 2/3 cup nonfat dry milk; Vt cup ice water; artificial sweete­ ner to equal 8 teaspoons sugar; 2 to 3 ice cubes. 
PLACE boiling water and cocoa in blender. Process until smooth. 
Add milk, ice water and sweete­ ner. Process until smooth. Add ice cubes, one at a time, process­ ing after each addition until bev­ erage is well chilled and ice is crushed. Divide evenly into 2 glasses. Makes 2 servings: 115 calories per serving.' 
Pina Colada 

INGREDIENTS — Vz cup cold evaporated skimmed milk; Vz cup cold water; 
Va cup canned crushed pineapple, no sugar add­ ed; Va teaspoon rum extract; Va teaspoon coconut extract; artifi­ cial sweetener to equal 2 tea­ spoons sugar; 2 ice cubes. 
COMBINE all ingredients except ice cubes in blender. Add ice cubes one at a time and process until smooth. Pour into 12 ounce glass. Makes I serving. 47 calor­ ies. 
Peach Creme Frosted 
INGREDIENTS — I cup club so­ da; Va cup evaporated skimmed milk; I medium peach, peeled and sliced; artificial sweetener to equal 2 teaspoons sugar; Vt tea­ spoon vanilla extract; Va teaspoon 

 almond extract; 3 to 4 ice cubes. 
COMBINE all ingredients ex­ cept ice cubes in blender contain­ er. Process until smooth. Add ice cubes, one at a time, processing after each addition until all ice is crushed. Serve in a tall glass. 
Makes I serving: 63 calories. 
Raspberry Lemonade 

INGREDIENTS—IVz cups club soda; Vz cup raspberries; 2 table­ spoons lemon juice; artificial sweetener to equal 4 teaspoonis sugar; 3 to 4 ice cubes; I slice of lemon. 
COMBINE all ingredients except ice and lemon in blender. Process until smooth. Pour into a tall glass, over ice. Add lemon slices. 
Makes I serving: 54 calories. 

Creamy Soda 

INGREDIENTS — Vz cup club so­ da; Va cup evaporated skimmed milk; Va teaspoon vanilla extract; 

 artificial sweetener to equal 2 tea­ spoons sugar; 3 to 4 ice cubes. 
COMBINE all ingredients, except ice cubes, in a tall glass. Add ice. 
Stir until chilled. Makes I serving: 
29 calories. 

Spanish Punch 

INGREDIENTS — I can (lV z cups) orange-flavored dietetic soda; I can (IVz cups) black-cher­ ry flavored dietetic soda; 2 table­ spoons lemon juice; I tablespoon lime juice; IO ice cubes; I small orange, quartered. 
POUR sodas and fruit juices over ice cubes in a I quart pitcher. Stir iffitil chilled. Place one orange quarter in each of four 8-ounce glasses. Top with punch. Makes 4 servings: 21 calories. 

Picnic Spiced Tea 

INGREDIENTS — I quart boiling water; 15 tea bags or 1/3 cup loose tea; 
2 lemons, thinly 

 sliced; artificial sweetener to taste; 2 inch piece cinnamon stick; 5 cloves; I quart cold wa­ ter. 
COMBINE all ingredients except cold water in I %-quart container and let stand 5 minutes. Strain in­ to 2-quart pitcher containing cold water. Pour over ice cubes to serve. Serve with lemon slices. 
Makes 2 quarts or eight 8-ounce servings: IO calories. 

Bloody Shame 
INGREDIENTS - % cup tomato juice; dash of Worcestershire sauce; dash of pepper. 
COMBINE all ingredients in mea­ suring cup, stir and pour over ice cubes in large stemmed glass. 
Makes I serving: 41 calories. 

Brandylike Alexander 

INGREDIENTS - V tcup water; 
1/3 cup nonfat dry milk; IVz tea­ spoons brandy extract; artificial 

 sweetener to equal 4 teaspoons sugar; 4 to 5 ice cubes; dash of nutmeg. 
COMBINE all ingredients except ice and nutmeg in blender con­ tainer. Add ice cubes one at a time and process until light and frothy. Pour, evenly divided, into 
2 stemmed glasses. Top each with nutmeg. Makes 2 servings: 
45 calories . 

Cherry Pink 
INGREDIENTS - Vt cup orange juice; Vt cup club soda; I tea­ spoon cherry extract; artificial sweetener to equal 2 teaspoons sugar; I drop red food color; 2 to 
3 ice cubes. 
COMBINE all ingredients in a tall glass. Stir and serve. Makes I serving: 63 calories. 

Maple Cooler 

INGREDIENTS — Vz cup club so­ da; Va cup evaporated skimmed milk; Vz teaspoon maple extract; artificial sweetener to equal 4 tea­ spoons sugar; 4 to 5 ice cubes. 
COMBINE all ingredients in a shaker. Shake. Transfer to tall glass and serve. Makes I serving- 
32 calories. 

NEXT WEEK IN THE STAR: THE YOGURT W AY TO 
A LONGER, HEALTHIER AND MORE BEAUTIFUL LIFE 

THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR — 
May 22, 1977 
PAGE 11 

Dr. Logan was a strange little fellow. 
Along with teaching photojournalism at Southwest Texas at San Marcos, he toted a tripod that out weighed him, used flashbulbs for almost everything and intensely disliked Kodak. 
I wonder what his opinion of the great Yellow 
Father is now that Kodak has introduced its fantastic 4oo-ASA color print film. 
Dr. Logan required his students to use Ansco seconds (that was the aluminum covered 12o film with black lettering that sold for 15 cents a roll in 
1967). I used to sneak into the drugstore to buy 
Kodak Tri-X. 
The added stop-and-a-half gave me a great advantage with the school’s slow lensed Yashica 
Twin Lens camera. 
Possibly Dr. Logan is in charge of Professional 
Markets for Kodak. 
Rumor has it that Eastm an doesn’t plan to market the new fast color print in professional sizes (12o, 7omm and sheet film) because “ pro­ fessionals wouldn’t be interested in the higher speed and resultant increase in grain.’’ 
Phooy! 
PROFESSIONALS MIGHT NOT BE interested in 35mm fast film because high speed lenses are com m only available for th is fo rm at. But effectively increasing the speed of large and medium format camera lenses would certainly be worth the price of a small increase in grain. 
This past three weeks, I have been testing the new 4oo-ASA films. Ken Linz, Kodak’s man on the scene gave me a sample and I managed to finagle a couple of rolls of Fujicolor F-II 4oo from 
Studers. 
My results do not correspond entirely with 
Modern Photography’s. 
By all reason, a 4oo-ASA color film should be grainy, flat, lacking in resolution and have niushy middle tones. Not so! 
Well not much so at least. 
THE CONTRAST WINNER is Fugieolor. This produced a negative that had snap and contrast equivalent to (if such paper were available in color) one or two full paper grades harder than the standard Kodacolor II negatives. 
This should be a real boon on cloudy, overcast days. 
The Kodacolor 4oo-ASA m aterial designated 
“ CG’’ by the great yellow wizard, is only slightly more contrasty than regular Kodacolor IL About half a paper grade. 
The surprises come when you examine resolu­ tion and tonality. 
I was not ready for what this high speed film did in resolving fine detail. If you take the same 

Eyes tell fast color story 

UJVflttCAfttCRIRS 

SUNDAY 
BAKED FISH 

$ 1 
IN LEMON BUTTER SAUCE, WITH TWO VEGETABLES 
| 7 9 

MONDAY 
MEAT LOAF 

W CREOLE SAUCE ANO TWO VEGETABLES 
| 49 

TUESDAY 
ROAST TURKEY 

W GIBLET GRAVY, CORNBREAD DRESSING, 
$ 
| 
CRANBERRY SAUCE AND ONE VEGETABLE 
35 

WEDNESDAY 
CHARBROILED CHOPPETTE I 
SERVED WITH TW O VEGETABLES 
I59 
THURSDAY 
BAKED CHICKEN 

W WILD RICE BLEND DRESSING, GIBLET GRAVY 
$ 
| 

AND ONE VEGETABLE 
55 

FRIDAY 
PEPPER STEAK 
I 
SERVED OVER RICE WITH ONE VEGETABLE 
| 59 

SATURDAY 
BARBECUED BEEF 

SE RW O WITH BARBECUED BEANS, ONION SLICE 
$ I 
7 9 

ANO ONE VEGETABLE 

CHILD'S PLATE 
.84 
( J ) 

UlVfltt CAFETERIAS 

 picture with Plus-X and Tri-X black and white film, the greatest difference you might expect from extrem e enlargem ents would be higher resolution from the slower film. 
In a 3o diameter enlargement of Trish Obar’s left eye (see the accompanying photos) the new high speed Kodak CG film held together better than Kodak’s slower film. Eye lashes are easily countable. 
THE FUJICOLOR F-II 
4oo appears sharper still but this seems to be attributable to an in­ crease in contrast. 
If you are used to slightly mushy tones from 
Kodacolor II and often adm ire the surrealistic, hard, snappy colors of Cibraehrome prints, Fuji­ color F-II 4oo is the film for you. 
Kodacolor 4oo produces colors somewhere in the middle. 
The grain is not nearly as bad as could be expected. 
Fujicolor F-II 4oo produced slightly tighter grain than Kodacolor 4oo 'and neither was signi­ ficantly more grainy than Kodacolor IL I have had Kodacolor II pushed one stop before and the grain at E.I. 2oo is much worse than these new films at their normal 4oo-ASA rating. 

KODACOLOR 4oo — Above 

J 
SINGLE? 
18 TO 8o YEARS? 
L 

DATING EXCELLENCE 

MATCHMAKER, INC. 
344-1115 
344-1125 

Terrific Furniture 
I showroom... 
I 

In Today’s 
I 

Want Ads 
I 

Turn to the Classified section and 
I] 

 good buys right now. 
I 

Express/News 
I 

Classified Ads 

PHONE 
225-1666 l l 

Angels’ sex appeal 

Kale Jackson 

TELEVISION’S beautiful Charlie’s An­ gels — Farrah Fawcett-Majors, Jaclyn 
Smith and Kate Jackson all have tremen­ dous sex appeal but each in a different sense, said Dr. Anthony Pietropinto, of 
THE STAR’S special panel of psychia­ trists. 
“ Farrah is emerging as a sex symbol of al­ most a Marilyn Monroe magnitude,” he said. 
“ Yet she is very different from previous sex symbols such as Monroe, Betty Grable, Rita 
Hayworth and Ava Gardner who all had a re­ mote type of glamour. 
“ A man could fantasize about seeing them in the Casbah or in some plush far-out night­ club, but he wouldn’t dream of running into them in some ordinary way. 
“ But Farrah is the kind of gill you could fantasize about running into in Central Park. 
She’s a very down to earth, active type of girl 
“ Farrah doesn’t seem to be haughty or un­ 

 approachable, but has a friendly attitude, a very chummy down-to-earth attitude rather than a remote sex goddess aura. Men are finding this very appealing. 
“ In her role in Charlie’s Angels, Farrah is a very competent girl and today’s man is re­ lating to this kind of woman . . . someone he feels is very competent and self-assured. 
“ Men are beginning to feel they have enough responsibility as it is and they are looking around for women who can share life’s responsibilities with them. 
“ Another aspect of Farrah’s tremendous sex appeal is her long, wild hair. Long hair emphasizes the sex difference, especially now that men are getting away from the long hair they were wearing during the hippie era. 
“ Men tend to equate long hair with feminin­ ity. Farrah’s style, which is very casual look­ ing and free, suggests a freedom about her which would appeal to a man. 
“ Jaclyn Smith in some ways has a more 

 classical beauty than Farrah. She has very fine features. Farrah has an almost hardness about her that Jaclyn just doesn’t. In fact, she is the softest of the three. 
“ Jaclyn is the more demure type in a lot of wavs . . . apparently in her off screen life as well as on. In interviews she talks (rf herself as being a very conservative person. 
“ She is divorced, but says she is really looking for one type of man. She is a home­ body and conveys that. Even in ter role on the show, although she is active, she seems to be the least physical of the three. 

“ Jaclyn is the kind of girl you would most want to protect. 

“ Kale seems as if she could be at benne girl and perhaps the one most like ‘the girl next door.’ Of the three, she seems to be the most auick-witted, the one most given to mak­ ing jokes, the one with the most leadership qualities.” 
Jaclyn Smith 

PICTURE YOURSELF 
Photocopying your face is latest fad 

By CH ERYL COGGINS 

So you’ve faded your jeans, let your hair down and protested the war. What’s to do since shooting the moon has eclipsed, streaking has struck out and eating goldfish has long been in bad taste? 
Don’t cop out. There’s a new fad, and it can decorate your pad. 
Just plop your face on a photo copier and presto: Photos that would shame any mother. 
G ive that old face new c la ss by squishing your mug on the glass. 
G ranted, the finished product re­ sembles a puppy’s-eye-view of a child pressing his face to a petshop window, but it’s unusual, cheap and fun . . . a rare combination in these times. 

THE PH OTO CO PYIN G FA D w ill put you in the midst of a whole new counterculture that’s just beginning to sweep college campuses. 
Unlike long hair on hippies and the 
“ au naturel” of streakers, just a few of your distinctive features will tinge the photo and make the “ squares” cringe. 
The im age of a true photocopying faddist has a smashed nose, squenched eyes, puckered lips and dilated pores. 
Does that turn you on? Then here’s how you too can be a leader of a new craze. 

9 
Find an isolated photocopying machine. (A must! The fewer pas­ sersby, the less chance of going to the funny farm ). 
• 
Lift up the plastic flap covering the glass counter and center your face 
(or whatever you want photographed 

— don’t forget, isolation IS important) on the counter. 
• Put a jacket or som ething over the object being copied to keep out outside light. 
• Then, when you finally find the right button, push it, and within se­ conds, you’ll have the most unflatter­ ing picture known to mankind. 
It can be a little tricky getting ever­ ything in position, but be sure to SHUT 
YOUR E Y E S before you activate the cam era. 
P h otocopying you r face could be h arm fu l, alth ou gh the m ost w idely used m achine won’t hurt you if you 
CLOSE YOUR E Y E S. But there’s al­ ways danger in conquering new fron­ tiers. Like catching a cold or getting arrested — or both — while streaking. 

ONCE YO U M A ST E R the sim ple technique, you m ight try a variety of poses on the photocopier, such as side v ie w s, d iago n al vie w s, b a ck w ard s views and bottom views. 
Em barassing moments, however, do crop up. 
Impatient, selfish snobs waiting be­ hind you m ight want to goad you on with a sw ift slap as you bend over, twist and turn while trying to get that perfect shot. 
At other tim es, thinking you have passed out w hile co p yin g som eone else’s homework, friends m ight try to revive you. 
Or the lib rarian , in cap able of un­ derstanding such a cerebral undertak­ ing, m ight call the police. (In which case, we’re not responsible). 
But the main ingredient for success is determination. 
K E E P Y O U R E Y E S SH U T, your nose to the glass and success — such as it is — will be yours. 

The University of Mexico at San 
Antonio Announces: 
SUMMER SESSION 1977 

Classes in Spanish and Latin American Studies 
Register: M ay 31 — June 4 
Classes: June 6 — July I 5 
Classes meet M onday through Friday, morning and evening sections. 

Hearn Spanish in Three Weeks! !4 Intensive 

Courses this Summer! 
THREE WEEK INTENSIVE COURSES: 
I: Register: M ay 23-27 
Classes: M a y 31-June 18 ll: Register: June 13-17 
Classes: June 2o-July 9 
III: Register: July 5-8 
Classes: July 11-29 
IV: Register: July 25-29 
Classer: August 1-19 

Classes meet M-F 8-1 or M-F 3:3o-8:3o 

Also, SIX-WEEK COMPACT CONVERSATION COURSE 

(SATURDAYS, 9-12) 
Register: M ay 31 -June 4 
Classes: June l l - July 73 
FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL THE 
UNIVERSITY OF MEXICO AT 727-o31 I t or visit the campus on HemisFair Plaza J 

Photocopying your face is limited in pos­ sibilities only by imagination. A bove is an exam p le of th e finished product where the subject added a down palm to gritted teeth. W ow, will mom ever be proud. At left, another exam ple of the photocopy self-art with a more tradi­ tional pose: Pucker, pug-nose and press hard. 

THpO BEIili! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

TACOS..............................V 
ONLY l l ' 
•EAN BURRITO................. yt 
ONLY l l ' 
BEAN TOSTADA..................yi 
ONLY l l ' 
BRUME CA PINI) ..............*i 
ONLY l l ' 
BOFI TOSTADA .................J*' 
ONLY S9' 
ENOMOTO ..................................... ONLY S9‘ 
— N O LIMIT— n MOMMA m u m e A a H y M i A SF 
OFfB COOP oIAT m ill IWS COPOi At 
3667 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
(OOM. from N.W. Shopping Cantar) 
EXPIRES MAY 31, 1977 

Ten rules to make your kids safer when you drive 

I.; Infant Carrier 

Lap belt 
. secures carrier 

.2. Protective 
. Shield 

By GUS CLEMENS 
THE greatest threat to your child’s health and wen-being is the family automobile. 
Almost 6,ooo children under age 14 die each year in auto acci­ dents. That is 2,5oo more deaths than cancer claims, and more than twice the number of deaths caused by birth defects or drowning. 
* 
In addition, hundreds of thousands of children are injured maimed, or permanently disabled each- year by automobiles. ’ 
Effective restraint devices for the youngest children, and proper use of seat belts by older children would dramatically change this grim situation. 
In an effort to help parents keep their children alive, THE 
STAR obtained these IO simple rules for child safety inside an automobile from the Physicians - for Automotive Safety: 
1. Never let children roam free­ ly in a moving automobile. 
2. An adult seat belt is not the best safety device fW a young child, but if nothing else is avail­ able, buckle up properly (see box). 
3. Do not hold children in your lap while riding. The child will be thrown from your arms in a colli­ sion, no matter how tightly you hold onto him. 
4. Do not buckle the child into your seat belt with you. In a crash, your weight will press the belt deeply into the child’s body, causing serious or fatal injury. 
5. Never strap two children into the same safety belt. 
6. The back seat is safer than the front seat, and the middle of the seat is safer than the outsides, but a driver who constantly turns around to check on his child in the middle of the back seat may cause an accident. 
7. Toys and cargo can be ex­ tremely dangerous. Any large or heavy objects should be stored in the trunk. Don’t allow children to play with pens, pencils, or sharp metal toys in the car; they be­ come deadly in a crash. 
8. The cargo area of a station wagon can not be made safe for children. They should never ride there. 
9. Various children’s car seats provide the greatest safety in a crash, but their quality ranges from inadequate to very good, and you must know what to look for when buying one (see chart). 
1o. If you do buy a child safe­ ty device, make sure that you in­ stall it properly and that it gets used. 
Here is the doctors’ advice for proper use of seat belts by chil­ dren and adults: 
• OLDER CHILDREN: Chil­ dren over four-years-old, or those weighing more than 4o pounds, should be placed (Mi a cushion not more than two inches high, and strapped with the lap belt while sitting upright against the back of the seat. 
Raising the child helps position the belt low across the hips. Ad­ just the belt for a snug fit to pre­ vent it from riding up across the abdomen. 
A shoulder belt should be used so long as it crosses the child’s chest and not his neck or face. 
• ADULTS: Pull the lap belt snug across the hips, with the low­ er edge resting against the thighs. 
The shoulder belt must cross the chest. 
A shoulder belt must not be tucked under the arm or used without a lap belt by children or adults. 

Do not let children ride in the cargo area of a station wagon. 
Your child’s weight is key factor: 
T Choose a device to match it 

Device and 
Manufacturer 

Lap belt secures _ the' shield secures 

3. Traditional 
. . Car Seat 

Anchorage strap 
:Lap belt 
V 

4. Safety Harness 

American Safety 
(Swyngomatic) 
Ajstroseat #V 
(Intend. Mfg. Co.) 
Bobby-Mac 2 bi I 
Bobby-Mac Deluxe 
(Collier Heyworth) 
Child Love Seat 
(General Motors) fafantaeat HarecM 
(Questor) 
Infant Love Seat 
(General Motors) 
Kant wet Care Seat 
#785 & #885 
Kaatwet Care Seat 
#965 (Questor) 
Utile Rider Harness 
(Rose Mfg. Co.) 
Mopar CMM Serf 
(Chrysler Corp.) 
Motor Toter 
(Century Products) 
Poshest Car Sad 
(Heastrom) 
Safety Shell #74 
* n (Peterson) 

(Punny Pear) tm- , - Jfm--- J w w a r o 
(Ford Motor Co ) 
Wee Care ASA? '• 
(Strafer) 

 iii ui 

.GUM’s weight in nos. 

15 to 4o lbs. 

15 to 4o lbs. 

7 to 35 lbs. 
7 to 4o lbs. 

2o to 4o lbs. 

15 to 5o lbs. 

7 to 2o lbs. 

15 to 45 lbs. 

7 to 43 lbs. 

15 to 5o lbs. 

21 to 5o lbs. 

IS to 4o lbs. 

17 to 42 lbs. 

7 to 4o lbs 

7 to 4o Bae 
> ii 
' 
SO to SO lbs. 

7 to 43 Bm. 

3 

I, 2, 3 

I 3 

4 

1 

3 

1,3 

4 

2 

3 

3 

LL 3 

L l 

» 
J: 

• i i r H 
. 

Design#—and Securement and 
Reinforcement location in Car 

Top rf device MUST be anchored. 

Top of device MUST be anchored; use in the center of the back seat 
In forward-facing position the 2 in I should be used bi the center back seat. Easy to install and use. 
Top of device MUST be anchored. 

Top of harness MUST be anchored: use in toe center of the back seat. 
Easy to install and use. 

Top rf device MUST be anchored; use bi the center rf toe back serf 
Easy to install ami use; optional top strap available 
Top rf harness MUST be secured: use bi the center rf the back seat. 
Very convenient, requires lap bait only; use in the center of toe back serf. 
Top rf device MUST be anchored. 

With side anchor strap, nae on right side rf car. Wttootttt anchor use in center barit 
With aide alw hoi strap, use on rigid side ■ 
Hrtdksaedl a n riin i — tea nm tit Sir W I . va vR* ♦ W8QQIA williilyf tlSv IR.. OCaJvvL SBMhK* 

Stay |o 
^^ 

. . ..to...................j 

Anchorage strap 
Crash-tested devices - and how families should use them 

• I. Fo£ the Infant: Car carriers for infants are de- 
• signed,. to face rearward or sideways. The baby 
:*• rides in a half upright position, secured with a har­ ness. The carrier is strapped to the seat of the ve­ hicle with a lap belt. 
2.. Hie Shield: For the child able to sit up without support: Safety experts prefer this type of protec­ tion, particularly up to the age of two or three. In the event of a crash the child’s body is caught by 
• the padded shield which acts as a cushion. The Tot- 
Guard and Mopar (see chart) are very easy to use 
—the shield is anchored with a lap belt and no har­ ness is needed—but if your child is overly active 
•and hard to discipline, he or she may climb out or slide through while you are driving. 
3. The “Traditional” Car Seat: The child is held by a harness which consists of two shoulder straps, a lap belt, and a crotch strap. The seat is strapped down 

 with a vehicle lap belt. Some devices require the belt to be threaded through the back where it can remain permanently buckled. Others must be fas­ tened with the belt around the front of the seat af­ ter the child has been put into the harness as shown in the diagram. 
A number of seats require additional anchorage. 
This anchorage strap must be used. A strap leading from the top must be joined to a lap belt in the seat behind (this makes one set of belts unusable). The strap must be adjusted so all the slack is taken up. 
If the device is to be used in the back of a sedan, an anchorage assembly will have to be installed on the rear window ledge. 
4. The Safety Harness:This provides good protection at low cost. The child may sit on a cushion.The har­ ness is secured with thevehicle lap belt, but it must also be anchored at the top to work properly. 

The sports you en tell a lot about you 

By DORIS WALFIELD 
YOU can tell a lot about a per­ son by knowing what sports and games he enjoys, says a leading psychiatrist. 
Dr. Anthony Pietropinto, direc­ tor of the Mental Health Lutheran 
Medical Center in Brooklyn, N.Y., said: "It doesn’t matter whether the person is a spectator or a participant. 
“Some people would rather watch a sport than participate in it. But it’s where their psyche is that counts. It really doesn’t mat­ ter if they’re acting it out or not.” 
Here’s what he says different sporting events reveal: 
• Bowling: People who enjoy bowling like to socialize a lot. 
They tend to be very accepting of themselves, have a lot of self-con­ fidence and don’t usually drive themselves very hard. Tney are generally relaxed. 
• Tennis: The tennis buff often is very competitive. Women gung- ho about the sport usually enjoy getting out their aggressions but have good feelings about their bodies. 
Men who often play against women are interested in showing off their superiority. 
• Golf: Golfers are generally very relaxed and not too competi­ tive. They tend to be self-critical and hard on themselves and are not likely to blame others for their shortcomings. They also try to be perfectionists. 
• Swimming: 
Swimmers are very sensual people. A lot of their enjoyment comes through the sen­ ses. They feel guilty about net being outdoors on a warm day and seek out activities that appeal to their senses. 
• Poker and other card games: 
Card players are firm believers in luck and have many superstitious beliefs. They tend to have a sense of magic about them. They take risks that would seem unwise to others. 
• Bridge: Bridge players tend to be less competitive than poker players. They are apt to be able to maintain their composure with ease. They are at ease with them­ selves and tolerant of others. 
• Chess and other indoor games: People who enjoy these value their intellect. They are competitive but tend to think it is better for them to use their brains rather than their brawn in getting what they want. 
• Baseball: 
Lovers of this sport are relaxed and operate at a slower pace than others. They are interested in statistics and de­ tails and are confident, sentimen­ tal and very traditional. 
• Football: Football lovers be­ lieve in teamwork. They put stock in friendship and are devoted to cooperation. They tend to be very idealistic and patriotic. 
• Basketball: Avid basketball fans are quiet people with a strong sense of right and wrong. 
They don’t believe in violence and are often impatient yet democrat­ ic. 
• Hockey: Hockey enthusiasts tend to have a lot of anger and hostility in them. They usually su­ ppress it rather than express it. 
They bottle up their emotions. 

Junior Miss winner wants to be TV star 
ONE day the pretty face of Christine Ellen Moler (above) may be as familiar to you as that of the man pictured with her, Michael Landon. At least, that’s Christine’s ambi­ tion. The 17-year-old Arkansas beauty recently beat out 5o other girls to win the Junior 
' ‘ 
* r. When lnmngthe pageant. I lions of people watching on TV. I ve always wanted to work in TV. I hope this helps me 

Miss Pageant. Landon was host of the show. tears of joy stopped, Christine said: of the ca 
‘It was a great thrill winning the pageant. I loved being in front of the cameras with mil­ le 
' m m ..................... 

 the college scholarship that comes with the beauty title to study acting and drama. to reach my goal.” Christine, who already is a talented ballet dancer, says she will use 

^ Cathy Rigby Mason: 
. mom, wife, actress 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK... 
• LESLEY-ANNE DOWN, of TV’s Up­ stairs Downstairs: “I was promised lots of lovely big film parts by American producers if I went to bed with them. 
Believe me, the casting couch is no myth. Birt it’s not for me. But many ambitious, untalented girls do it.” 
• CHARLES KIRBO, White House advisor: ‘‘I may be wrong, and I may be biased, but I’m sure as hell not uncertain.” 
• 
HENRY 
KISSINGER, talking about his former role as Secretary of 
State: “I did no more than any other genius would have done.” 
• JOHN DENVER, singing star: “I always thought my dad wanted me to be a football player or mechanic instead of a musician. He spanked me once for not changing a tire right.” 
• RICARDO MONTALBAN, talking about the effect his car commercials have had on his acting career: “I’m tired to people wanting autographs, but now they also want wheel base ratios.” 
• CHEVY CHASE, comedian, talk­ ing about the Nixon Interviews: “I don’t think anyone cares about what hap­ pened on June 17 or 2o. Ifs enough to see Nixon’s chin sweat.” 
• LAWRENCE WELK: ‘‘I believe the child labor law and the minimum wage law are really what’s hurting this country. Kids should be allowed to work when they’re really young and find out for themselves about life.” 
• 
IDI AMIN, Uganda’s self-pro­ claimed President For Life: “I consider myself the most powerful figure in the world and that is why I do not let any super power control me.” 

FRUSTRATION is beginning to show on A. J. 
Foyt, who has been trying tor IO years to be­ come the first man to win four Indianapolis 
5oos. Rumors fly around the brickyard that if 
Foyt, 42, wins this Sunday in his 2oth Indy, he will retire. Interrupted while working on his car, an intense Foyt would only murmur: “I said I was going to race as long as it was fun, and it’s still as much fun as it ever was. Win­ ning the Indy 5oo has nothing to do with it.” 

West German view of President Carter 

No place to march 
MILITARY bands across the country will be high-stepping this Memorial Day in hon­ or of the nation’s war dead. What will 
Drum Major Dennis E. Carrol, who fronts the nation’s most famous military musi­ cians — the U.S. Marine Band (“The Pres­ ident’s Own”), be doing? Nothing. Carrol, who wears the uniform above when work­ ing, said: ‘‘The band will be in concert, not marching, so I’m not needed. I’U relax, maybe listen to the Indy 5oo on the radio.” 

THE biggest things in little Cathy Rigby 
Mason’s life now are her two-year-old son, 
Buck, and her husband, Tommy Mason, the ex-pro football star. Of her future, the 
4-11 pixie who charmed America as an 
Olympic gymnast, then as a grapefruit juice seller, and most recently as Peter 
Pan on stage said: ‘‘My career now is in acting. Acting is a lot like gymnastics. 
You’re performing for people and being creative. I’ll admit I don’t nave as much confidence in my acting as I had in my gymnastics. But it’ll come. Wait and see.” 

OFFICIAL sources said President Jimmy 
Carter’s recent European trip was a huge success. But problems remain in energy, tariffs and weapons. The W. German mag­ azine Stem (Star) printed this montage of 
Carter and W. German Chancellor Helmut 
Schmidt. The headline reads: ‘‘The contro­ versy between U.S. President Carter and 
Chancellor Schmidt. Is Jimmy forcing Hel­ mut to his knees?” W. Germans are angry because they think Carter has paid too much attention to Great Britain, and not enough attention to West Germany 

THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— May 22, 1977 
RAO! 17 
----------------------------------rfi------ 
TTT—?** v - v ." ; .t b i m t »t I f ’l.vr'j1 "n w" i h t t 

Beatles back together? Rare meeting may lead to something big | to curb your temper 

PAUL and Linda McCartney (couple at right) were strolling down New York’s 
Fifth Avenue after dropping their children off at the circus. Coming out of the St. Re­ gis Hotel were Ringo Starr and his girl­ friend, Nancy Andrews (couple at left). 
They spotted each other. Ringo yelled: 
“My God, what’s going on here?’’ Paul re­ plied: “Which way are you headed?” Rin­ go said: “Plaza, do you want to come 

 along?” The couples linked arms and marched forth. At the Plaza Hotel a large group of people waited to see the Bay City 
Rollers rock group check in. They spotted the Beatles and a near riot followed. 
“Whew,” said Ringo, ducking into a room, 
“never any peace.” Later, it was a verita­ ble Beatle swarm when Paul, Ringo and 
John Lennon toured the night spots of Big 
Apple, generating more crowds and even- 

 red-hot rumors that the 
Beatles were planning to get together again. One wild evening does not a record contract make, blit the chances of reform­ ing the rock group now seem better than ever. From London, the only left-out Bea­ tle, George Harrison^ said: “I’ve never been the one who was against us getting to­ gether again. I think it might be just great to have the group together again.” 

Mouseketeer Margene guarding California’s toughest prisoners 

NOT all Mousketeers grow up to make beach party movies with 
Frankie Avalon. Mouseketeer Margene Lackey grew up to be a guard in California’s toughest prison. Soledad. At 4-11 Margene is dwarfed by some of her prisoners, but she does the exact same work as do men guards. — no exceptions. Said Margene, a 

Swanson in bronze 
ACTRESS Gloria 
Swanson, 78, carved out a long career in silent films, talkies, and finally TV. She has another talent 
— sculpture. She recently offered this bronze self-portrait to be auctioned off at a benefit. Said 
Swanson, who signs her work 
Glory: “I love creating things out of nothing. Inis is my great hobby.” 

34-year-old divorced mother of two: “There are 45 women guards. I think we have a calming effect on the inmates, but I can be firm if I must. The prisoners have a joke about me — they say I’ve gone from being a mouse to being a rat.” Margene has worked at Soledad for ten months. Before that she sold cars. a 

Castro’s favorite 

WHEN Christine 
Walevska’s concert delighted 
Cuba’s Fidel 
Castro, he asked if he could do a favor for the 
American cellist. 
Said Christine. 
“Contact a friend of mine at C arras 
Shipping.” Castro did, ana Carras will soot operate the first cruise ship from Cuba to 
U.S. in 18 years- 

. 
-k.ii 

AGGRESSION can be dangerous not only to our health but also to our social and economic success unless we learn to control it. a leading psychologist warned this week. 
“Aggression is an easy emotion to control,” said Dr. Malcolm K. 
Leavitt, a clinical psychologist and head of the Institute for Be­ havioral Counseling in New Or­ leans, La. 
“Unload your aggressions and you’ll feel a lot better—never re­ direct them. 
“Ifs better to tell your boss what’s bothering you, than to hold it in and later take it out on your wife or husband.” 

Leavitt gives STAR readers these relaxation tips for control­ ling aggression: 
• Raise and clench your fists and, at the same time, tense ev­ ery muscle in your body. 
Hold for a count of IO and then completely relax. 
• Wrinkle your forehead, then smooth it out with your hand. 

• Suck in your stomach and hold it for a count of IO. Then let go. Allow your entire body to re­ lax as you exhale. 
• Close your eyes tightly and clench the muscles around them tightly for a count of 3o. Then re­ lax. Repeat six times. 
• Pick out a spot on a wall or ceiling and stare at it until con­ scious thought disappears. 
Attempt to hold this “vacant" mental state for 3o seconds. 
“Try to spend 2o minutes a day doing these relaxation techniques and you’ll be surprised by the ease you’ll feel at the end of a trying day,” said Dr. Leavitt. 
37% of heroin 
Heaths occer in California 

MORE than one-third of all heroin deaths in the U.S. occur in Cali­ fornia, says a new report. 
The Drug Abuse Warning Net­ work, which monitors drug use in 
24 major U.S. cities, revealed that 
San Francisco, Los Angeles, and 
San Diego account for 37 per cent of all U.S. heroin deaths. 
Between July, 1975, and June, 
1976, Los Angeles had the highest number of heroin deaths of any city in the country, 493 or 22 per­ cent of the national figure. 
San Francisco reported 198, or 
9 percent, and San Diego 126, or 
6 percent of the total. 
Dr. Robert L. DuPont, director of the drug network told a drug prevention conference in San 
Francisco: 
• The highest rate of drug use is on the West coast, followed by 
Northeast, Midwest, and South. 
• Use of 
Phencyclidine, or 
PCP, an animal tranquilizer which contains marijuana, has in­ creased sharply. 
• The three drug classes most frequently reported as causing deaths in California are narcotics 
(heroin), barbiturates and alcohol in combination with other depres­ sant drugs. 

By BLANCHE CAMPBELL 

SUMMER can be a dangerous—as well as a fun—time. This week ex­ perts told THE STAR how to avoid the following hazards: 
SUNBURN: Remember the sun is strong medicine. So begin with small doses. Fifteen minutes exposure is enough for the first day, 3o the sec ond. 
Do not put all your faith in preventives and lotions. Cover up before your skin gets fiery red or burnt. Even on hazy days, or when you are on the water, the sun can blister. 
If you do get a mild case of sun­ burn, try bum ointment, olive oil, calamine lotion, or a paste of bak­ ing soda and water. If slightly swollen, apply gauze soaked in x>ld mineral oil. If blistered and 
>ick, see your doctor. iUNSTROKE: Long direct expo­ sure to the sun—or to intense heat 
•jiywhere—can knock you out. 
Usually you get warnings which, if heeded, will prevent the stroke. 
The symptoms are dizziness, nau­ sea, headache, and an overheated feeling. The skin feels hot and dry, face flushed and pulse rapid. 
At first sign of these sympt­ oms, lie in the shade with your bead raised, Drink cool water but never take any stimulants. Place an ice bag or cold cloths on the head. Summon a doctor. 
Heat exhaustion can be prevented the same way you prevent sun­ stroke — although its symptons are different. 
It makes your skin cold and clammy, your face pale, your pulse weak and your temperature low or normal. 
INSECT HAZARDS: Get rid of mosquitoes by spraying rooms or tents, and picnic areas with insec­ ticides. Treat bites with baking soda and water paste, ammonia water, or calamine lotion. Do the same for bee, hornet or wasp stings. 
Chiggers can be found in many places. There are many commer­ cial products that can be sprayed on the body and clothing that will help keep them away. Never sit in rank grass for it is often covered with chiggers. Wash bites with laundry soap, then apply calam­ ine lotion or baking soda. 
Ticks aren’t painful but can transmit disease. In tick areas, closely inspect clothes and body for tiny brown hup. 
Use a match or a lighted ciga­ rette to make the tick pull his a 
* e from skin and back out. If stays in, dig it out. Pick up insect with tweezers or cotton, being careful not to brush against skin. Wheif tick has been removed paint the wound with iodine. 
SNAKES: Among the poisonous snakes are rattlesnakes, copper­ heads, water moccasins, and cor­ al snakes. If there are many where you vacation, carry a slake kit. Protect yourself by cov­ ering legs and arms, and be wary when climbing and sitting down. 
A snake bite may cause fiery pain, and you will be able to see one or two small punctures. You will note rapid swelling along with discoloration. 
If it is impossible to get the pa­ tient at once to the doctor, tie cloth or belt above wound, just tightly enough to make veins 

 poison out for 3o minutes. If alone walk slowly for help 
POISON IVY: It can cause in­ tense itching and fiery pain, often with swelling and blisters. 
You can recognize it by leaves, three on a stalk. They may be ei­ ther small or large, smooth or notched, and the plant may creep, climb, or grow like a shrub. 
After contact, wash several times with laundry soap, rinsing well with clean water. Then sponge off with rubbing alcohol. 
Have contaminated clothing dry- cleaned. 
For relief of poison ivy try one of the following: apply a soap paste and let it dry on the skin. Or soak a clean cloth in cold solution of baking soda and Epsom salts 
Of course in severe cases go to a doctor. 
POISON OAK: Gets its name from the shape of the three, leaf­ lets. As it is a relative of poison ivy, treat it in the same way 
POISON SUMAC: Another rela­ tive of both poison ivy and oak. 
You can recognize it from- com­ mon sumac by its green or white berries dropping from branches 
You’re safe if sumac has a spike of red fruit at the end 
WILD BERRIES: May or may not be safe to eat. If there is any doubt, don’t. 
SWIMMING: Don’t swim alone when tired, overheated, or chiUed, or soon after eating. 
When the water is cold ease your­ self into it gradually. Come out when you start to shiver or get tired. 
In any emergency the main thing is to keep calm. Keep hands and arms under water. Thrashing uses energy that m ild keep you afloat. Even with cramps in legs and arms, you can stay up, By keeping your head and remem­ bering this it could save your life. 
When help arrives, grasp what’s thrown to you. Cling to boat until it is safe to climb or be hauled in over the end. Never grab your rescuer. 
BOATING: For greater safety in boats don’t let more than one per­ son move at a time. In rough weather, point bow into wind, get weight into middle. If boats gets upset, your best bet is to. stick with boat. 
HIKING: Many hazards’ can oc­ cur when you are hiking or climb­ ing. Always wear sturdy clo!__ comfortable shoes that grip-we 
And don’t forget that it is •often easier to get up a bad slope than down again. 
If you fall, let your body go limp. It may help to ease the serf 

 every 15. 
Cut an X through each punc­ ture, 1/8 to Vt inch deep, without hitting any big blood vessels. Suck 

To prevent getting lost it is only smart to mark your trail so you can at least get back to your pre­ sent spot. 

 that JEAN PAUL 
^BELMONDO has dropped his long-love, 
Italian actress LAURA 
ANTONELLI, it’s likely that his eyes will turn to current co-star RAQUEL 
WELCH (above) who is filming with him in Par­ is. 
Birt Raquel still has the eye and the heart for 
Hollywood costume de­ signer Ron Talsky. She telephoned him from 
Pans this week urging him to jet across the At­ lantic to design 18 dress­ es for her movie. He had to turn it down and head for Oregon where he’s 
—* — for a new 

Altar rn hard day’s work on tha London ast of tho muM-mMlon dollar spic Superman, Marlon Brando jet-setted to Paris where he clearly had a good time. Here he makes his exit from a restaurant with singer Towa and a maltre’d. 
$6m couple seeks role 

SIX Million 
Dollar Man LEE 
MAJORS and his wife FARRAH 
FAWCETT are asking $2 million to star together in a sexy movie about life on the tennis circuit. 
Producer of the film is DAVID 
WINTERS, who appeared in West 
Side Story and more recently has been romancing X-rated pheno­ menon! LINDA LOVELACE. 
Winters at first offered the couple $l-mi Ilion to make the film and they said no. But they reap­ proached him and said they’d be interested for $2 million. Negotia­ tions are still going on. 
The film would mean only two weeks work for Farrah, three weeks for Lee. 
PRESIDENT CARTER’S brother 
BILLY didn’t make many friends at the recent Plains international tennis tournament. 
One top television executive said after the event, “The only thing worse than Billy Carter’s 

 in sexy movie 

 dirty mouth are his appalling manners.” 
TATUM O’NEAL soon to play starring role in a film based on the life of child star SHIRLEY 
TEMPLE is having her first big fling with rock star GLENN FRY of the Eagles pop group. 
Meanwhile, father RYAN O’­ 
NEAL attended a lavish party given by author HAROLD ROB­ 
BINS, with MARISA BEREN­ 
SON. Ryan joined the all-male 
Haitian dancers and gave a burl­ esque performance that left him jigging in front of the guests in a lorn cloth. 
Marisa, currently feuding with her new husband JIM RANDALL, declined to join in. 
After getting off the hook for carrying a pistol and being drunk, 
Denise 
Alexander stepped out of her role as Dr. 
Lesley Williams on the daytime soap opera 
General 
Hospital to attend a 
Children’s 
Guild dinner and show in a 
Los Angeles club with her boyfriend 
Richard Cola. 
Denise, who is in her thirties, has been on 
General 
Hospital for five years. 
Previously she worked in Days 
Of Our Lives. 
She says of her 

“It’s such fun to play someone who can smile.” 

JERRY LEE LEWIS is once again in trouble with the law. 
A 
Memphis hospital is suing the sr for $3,425 m unpaid hospi- 
>ills for himself and his daugh­ 

 ter TWIGGY and her Ameri-: can boyfriend, actor MICHAEL 
WHITNEY, are still brawling. In a London pub, Michael threw the keys at his wife-to-be and told her to drive herself home. Trouble was, she had never driven the car before. But she did manage to get home safely. 
Superstars are earning mind­ boggling checks for TV commer­ cials, but actor ORSON WELLS takes top prize for his coup. He is collecting $25o,ooo for just the soundtrack (rf a Perrier spring water commercial. 

★ ★ ★ 

ET TRUDEAU fled from photog, raphers at a swank Paris night­ club leaving behind a lavish dinner that had been arranged for her. Her hiding place — MacDon­ alds. 
Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman co-star MARY KAY PLACE has turned down the starring part in 
Femwood Tonight, a MH spin-off spoofing talk shows. Mary Ray wants to prove her acting and singing career, although Ste will •' appear in ten of next season’s episodes. 
3 - 
LOUISE LASSER isn t leavim behind any friends on the now defunct Mary Hartman series. One of the cast described her as “the meanest woman I’ve ever worked with in my life. 
“She is selfish and unpleasant and treats her co-workers like dancing in the" streets that she is leaving the show.” 
Louise is planning to work on a movie this summer and ate) wri- 

Wedding may be near for Angie 

Police Woman ANGIE DICKINSON and DAVID JANSSEN appear to be closer than ever after returning from an idyllic Hawaiian weekend. 
Fiends are even talking of marriage once Angie and her estranged tnsbandI BURT BACHARACH, currently dating actress SHARON FAR­ 
RELL, finally get a divorce. 
Italian COUNT CARLO NAZZI has fallen for actress MICHELLE 
PHILLIPS), but the course of love isn’t running smoothly. 
The 22-year-old Count has been sending flowers daily to the actress who promptly sends them straight back to the Beverly Hills florist. 
The aristocratic European will find his blooms gratefully a coopt­ ed when he gets rid of his present 
Countess. 
Oscar-winning actress ELLEN 
BURSTYN, however, is more than ready to accept the recent wooing^ by playwright 
JOHN 

★ 
★ ★ 

StHI-stunning Joan Collins has a smile for her fans at the opening of a Hollywood design center. That’s 
. husband Ron Kass on her arm. 

Edited by IVO R KEY, with contributions by CHARLES COMER, ROBIN 
LEACH, and PHILIP FINN 
Superstars Liza Minnelli and Sammy Davit Jr. wore the hits of the night at recent NAACP dinner in L.A. 

Bionic Woman LINDSAY WAG­ 
NER has informed husband MI­ 
CHAEL .BRANDON that she wants a baby. Lindsay is pre­ pared to take off a year and a naif from her career to have the child. 
Her agent and producers are des­ perately trying to convince the ac­ tress otherwise, but Lindsay is standing‘firm. 
Former 
Secretary' of State 
HENRY KISSINGER, in Monte 
Carlo to meet PRINCESS GRACE discovered that cruising in a luxu­ ry yacht off the Mediterranean coast is not all laughs. Wife NAN- 

Angle Dickinson: Just hack from idyllic vacation. 

CY, a chain-smoker, was fuming when Henry refused to return to 
Monte Carlo to get her some more cigarettes. 

PRINCESS GRACE also re­ newed friendship with an old buddy from 
Hollywood, CARY 
GRANT. The aging actor huddled with the princess under a blanket watching a soccer match. 

Kojak star Telly Savalas shares a serious moment with his wife, Sally, at a benefit in London to save the White 
Cliffs of Dover from developers. 

 ting a book on her experiences during the Mary Hartman show. 
. The obscene phone caller who has been bothering Charlie’s An­ gels star JACKIE SMITH has 
Been caught. He was a 17-year-old kid working around the T.V. sta- 
. tion who was completely ena­ moured with the actress — his bedroom is covered with her pic­ tures. The star refused to press charges after she met the young adolescent. 
. Meanwhile 
FARRAH 
FAW­ 
CETT MAJORS is upset by the frequent criticism of her voice. 
Producers feel it is holding her back from major movie stardom. 
Farrah retorted: “I think I have a very normal voice though it is very soft and high.” 
Before she hit the big time Far- rah’s agent was told that she 

 would never make it in showbiz because of her high-pitched voice. 
The hottest rumor in television circles at the moment is that 
ELIZABETH 
HUBBARD, who starred ii? the NBC soap opera 
The Doctors, is being groomed as the NBC coYnpetitor to BARBARA 
WALTERS. 
Heartthrob PAUL NEWMAN discovered to his horror a gaggle of teenage girls gaping at him from an upstairs window when he visited a roofless circus restroom. 
Daytime game show host 
BURT CONVEY was victim of a practical joke by buddy BURT 
REYNOLDS. 
The movie star dressed half-a-dozen friends in 
Marine uniform and had them wake Convey at dawn, announc­ ing they were taking him into cus­ tody for revealing national secrets on his show. 

DA offered Patty Hearst the deal which set her free on probation 
PATTY HEARST^ attorney told THE STAR this week state prosecutors offered him the deal which set her free on proba­ tion. 
But, lawyer Sydney Irmas added he still accompanied Patty to court terrified the judge would jail her because of an unexpected, hostile rec­ ommendation from probation authorities. 
“The deal was originally put forth by the district attorney’s office in Los Angeles,” Irmas told 
-------------------- 
^ 
THE STAR. 
By GEORGE GORDON 
_ ihen Trott of the DA’s of­ fice called a meeting and put up a suggestion which, as far as we were concerned, came right out of the blue. 
He wanted Patty to plead no contest to assault and armed rob­ bery. In return, the DA’s office would not press nine other charges, and neither would they recommend a jail sentence. 
I said straight away ‘You have got my vote on that.’ I knew the circumstances were such that 
Patty was almost certain to get probation.” Before the deal was 
)ffered, Patty faced ll charges br spraying automatic weapon ire at a sporting goods store to cover the getaway of her former 
SLA companions, and for com­ mandeering an automobile. 
Irmas said Patty and her par­ ents agreed to the deal the prose­ cutors offered and then co-operat­ ed with the probation service. 

The case was handled by Doris 
Feldman, one of LA County’s most experienced probation offi­ cers ‘‘After registering the plea, we couldn’t do much but wait and hope,” Irmas said. ‘‘They were 

 anxious days. Patty was deeply concerned and telephoned me reg­ ularly. 
“Then, a week or so before the case came up, I went to see Doris 
Feldman to get a copy of her report. She looked troubled and said: ‘I have to tell you, I have re­ fused to sign it.’ 
“I made some inquiries and found that her superiors had gone through the 26-page report. 
“It strongly argued against a jail sentence, and even suggested probation without supervision. 
“They had then added one line to the last page. It read ‘It is rec­ ommended that probation be de­ nied.’ 
“The report was then signed by two officers who had not made a single inquiry or interview. 
“It was a political move, aimed at warding off criticism that might be directed at the depart­ ment when funding time came around. 

“Everything was now up to the judge, and that last week-end be­ fore the case was not easy. 
“Our only hope was that the judge would see through the polit- 

Pattv Hearst: Judge set ber free. ical nonsense and realize what was happening.” 
The two officials who eventual­ ly signed and added the no-proba- tion line to Miss Feldman’s report were her supervisor, Dorothy 
Shaffer and the service director, 
Phillip Stein. 
Kenneth 
Fare, acting chief county probation officer, angrily denied politics dictated the rec­ ommendation against probation. 
He said: 
“The investigation probation officer reached a con­ clusion that was subject to review by her supervisor and an adminis­ trator. They simply saw it a little differently.” 
Superior Court Judge E. Talbot 
Canister sentenced Patty to five years’ probation. A condition was that she reimburse Carroll (Bill) 
Huett, operator of the sporting goods store, for the damage done 
By her 33 bullets. Damage has been estimated at $6,ooo. 
Patty still faces the remainder of a seven-year federal sentence for her part in a San Francisco bank robbery. 
She is free on $1 million bail pending the outcome of an appeal.' 

THIS I BELIEVE. . . 
By Steve Dunleavy 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

NOW HOLD on, just a doggone moment. I have heard so much rubbish about the noise of the dreaded Concorde jet, that I can’t hear myself think. 
Once again the liberals, when they haven’t got a beef about the Pentagon or a bitch about a mur­ derer getting the death sentence, or how brutal the police are, manage to find a whipping boy. 
Ibis year it is the Concorde. The supersonic transport has become the Viet­ nam of the mid 197o’s. 
There are those people, who I call “eco-holics”—rich dudes who talk a lot about environment but do nothing to give jobs to the poor who need the money to eat with— who stir up every conceivable hysteria about anything that smacks of progress. 
The Concorde, to listen to some of these hysterical bleeding hearts, is the worst thing since heroin or the rack. You see, folks, all it is really, is just an airplane. 
A very fast plane. 
It is typical that the people of 
Washington, D.C. and Dallas and 
Ft. Worth Tex., really don’t give a damn about it. 
It is also typical that the great liberal capital of the world. New 
York, can find umpteen reasons why it shouldn’t land. 
It is the noise, they say: The terrible noise. 
French President Valery Gis- card D’Estaing, of course, is pushing it for all his worth and saying stupid things. There are a few f rancs in it for his country if the Concorde lands in New York. 
Well, I couldn’t care less about 
French presidents. 
But the Concorde could put a few bucks in the pocket of Ameri­ cans right now, if someone stopped to think like an adult. 
But apart from the business dollars that the Concorde could promote, there is a helluva princi­ ple involved here. Smarter men than us have come up with a plane that is faster and safer than any known transport save ESP. 
Now New York politicians, not content with having sunk the city already with their egomania, 

 want women to compete 

MORE men than women think that women should be competitive in life, says a new poll. 
Of 378 men asked: “How com­ petitive do you think women should be?,” 27 percent answered 
“very competitive.” 
But only 17 percent of the 414 women polled answered the same. 

Sixty-four percent of the men said that women should be 
“somewhat competitive,” com­ pared with 74 percent of the wom­ en. 

The total count of the 792 people polled revealed that 22 percent thought women should be very competitive; 7o percent thought that women should be only some­ what competitive; seven percent thought that women should not be competitive; and one percent was undecided 

The liberals whine more than SST 

 think they can get a few votes out of the Concorde comedy bv telling anyone that it is only slightly bet­ ter than bubonic plague. 
Isn’t it amazing that the city that has cried loudest and longest about the Concorde is the only one in the West where noise levels in the subways are intolerable to the human ear. 
Doctors, incidentally? came to this conclusion 2o years ago. The subways have not improved since. 
New York is the only city in the world where a discotheque housed in an apartment building is al­ lowed to blast away until 4 a.m., keeping people sitting bolt upright in bed like they took a dexadrine. 
New York was being its fat­ headed, egocentric self when it waved a warning finger and told the British and the French to go jump off a nimbus cloud with their Concorde. 
Washington and 
Dallas-Fort 
Worth did not. Maybe that’s why 
New York is broke and begging’ and other cities in the' south are not. 
I don’t give a fierce, fling of a fish’s fin if the Concorde.‘doesn’t land. But a lot of companies, who want to employ out-of-work 
New Yorkers, just might.. 
If New York wants to play their little game then let those bagfuls of money once again go down south. When a company chief is looking to set up business,‘he will turn his back on the Big Apple. 
Why does the Concordehave to be an emotional issue inflamed by crazed writers and vote-greedy politicians? 
New Yorkers don’t know if they hate the Concorde, they 'haven t really heard it. It is curious that some experts say that a DC-IO can make as much noise in cer­ tain weather conditions, taking off, as a Concorde does, landing. 
If we put a stop to modern air travel as we know it, do you know what would happen? 
We would have so many Tiger 
Moths and DC-3 aircraft flying that we would need a traffic cop hanging from a helium balloon to keep them all apart. 
My anger is not based against the city of New York. It is based against the age-old liberal saw which ordains that anything that just might make a few honest bucks for someone other than the liberal movement, be knocked. 
If New York feels sp strongly about the Concorde—or for that matter if the country feels so strongly about the Concorde—isn t it about time we banned those damned oil tankers that keep on breaking up on our shores and fouling our water and beaches? 
Time to resist, as a friend of mine would say. the ravages of mass hysteria. 

ACROSS 

1 Boil 
7 Mexican 
"gold” 
1o Roulette bet 
13 Complain noisily 
19 Exercise 
2 wds. 
2o Melancho one: 2 y u ric 
22 Relaxed 
24 Verb form 
25 Girl’s name 
26 Chinese mile 
27 Against: prefix 
26 Paradise 
29 Earth goddess 
3o Born: 
French 
32 Liquid drainer 
34 Caution 
35 June beetle 
36 Brief snooze 
37 Throw 
39 Scottish river 
4o Hawaiian bird 
42 French article 
43 Coalbox 
44 Phillipine 
Knife 
45 Follow 
47 Discard 
5o Petty quarrel 
52 Difficult question 
53 Intensify 
55 Consume 
56 Desert refuge 
58 Nab 
59 Inclined: / 
British 
61 Hunter’s companion 
62 Ape 
64 Thailand 
68 Girl's name 
69 Asiatic vine 
71 Distress signal 

72 Orient 
76 International understanding 
78 U-boat 
79 Presently 
81 Make clear 
83 Make amends 
84 Smiling 
86 Leaping iy amphibian 
88 Japanese drama 
89 Marne champagne 
9o Extinct bird 
91 Engrave 
92 Satisfy 
94 Aware: slang 
96 Forward 
97 One or any 
98 Sharp cry 
1o1 Old 
1o3 Teacher 
1o5 Reaches for 
1o9 Fur scarf 
11o Western 
Indian 
111 Act of expunging 
113 Length units 
114 Regret 
116 Happening 
118 Lamb’s cry 
119 Flying toy 
1 2o Convincing 
123 Night before 
124 Effective 
126 Nobly 
I 29 Poetry form 
131 Flapper 
132 Discover 
137 Vine- covered 
138 Geometric solid 
139 Lease again 
142 Prize­ fighter 
143 Russian agency 
144 Meddle 
145 Calcium symbol 
147 Nero's 
"eleven” 

148 Greek goddess 
15o Telegram 
151 Powerful explosive 
152 Silkworm 
153 Man's nickname 
155 Frenchman's neighbor 
158 Afternoon party 
159 Exclamation 
16o Biblical king 
161 Puff up 
162 Wire service 
163 Girl’s name 
165 Attending 
166 Traveling path 
168 Conduct 
17o Watchfully 
172 Become visible 
173 School group 
174 Stinging insect 
1 75 Reservation dwellings 

DOWN 

Pronoun 
Oral pause 
Augment 
Male turkeys 
Muggy 
Storehouses 
European city 
8 Flood; 2 wds. 
9 Alleged force 
1o Commonplace 
11 Female thespian 
1 2 Outer covering 
13 Account entry 
14 Encouraged: 
2 wds 
15 Mimic 
16 Burma 
Buddhist 
17 Bone: 
Latin 
18 Treats royally 
19 Desired 
21 Carpenter’s tool 

23 Exile 
31 Existence 
33 Montana city 
36 Facial feature 
38 Dine 
41 Biblical king 
43 Foundation 
44 Malay archipelago 
46 Lamprey 
48 Cereal grain 
49 Derisive cry 
51 Sty resident 
52 Paid athlete 
54 Tidy 
57 Representative 
58 Away 
6o Turn aside 
61 Obligation 
63 Marsh 
64 Heavy swell 
65 Deeply felt 
66 Minute particle 
67 Bill of fare 
69 Hair coil 
7o Card game 
73 Thoroughfare: abbr. 
74 Waterfront city 
75 Attempt 
77 Helm position 
78 Indian title 
8o Squander 
82 As far as 
85 Frigid 
87 Payable 
91 Work power 
93 Perfect 
94 Corn covering 
95 Small case 
96 Dunce 
97 Square measure 
99 "Ulalume" poet 
1oo Roof edges 
1o1 Sandhill 
1o2 Siamese coin 

1o3 Chinese pagoda 
1o4 Female ruff 
1o6 Hebrew letter 
1o7 Skin sensations 
1o8 Prosecute 
112 Hostile excursion 
115 Legate 
117 Always 
118 Flag 
121 Ancient 
122 Decimal base 
124 Compete 
125 Society girl 
126 Player at bat i2 7 Scott character 
1 28 Main point 
13o Written acknowledge­ ment 

131 Old warship 

133 Haul 

134 Egress 
135 Grains 
136 Peace agreement 

138 Cower 

14o Formerly: prefix 
141 Male feline 
144 Antler point 
146 Sailing; 
2 wds. 
149 Room: 
French 
152 Arabian chieftan 
153 Brace 
154 Ever: poetic 
156 Dueling sword 
157 Scottish turnip 
16o Had lunch 
164 Lode load 
167 Exclamation 
169 Jewish month 
171 " ~ deum” 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 

ACROSS 

I Incoherent sound 
7 Fish 
II Gaiter 
IS Auto name 
21 Ensures 
22 Space 
23 Opera villain 
24 Navigation law 
26 Violent act 
27 Salver 
25 Victim 
29 Auto name 
3o Excuses 
31 Stratum 
32 Family member 
35 Reptile. Short 
37 
Weenie” 
38 Court dance 
39 Errs 
4o Up to the time 
42 Staccato. Colloq. 
44 Man’s name 
45 Wm. 
—stone. 
Poet 
46 Left 
47 Prepares fowl 
49 Man’s name 
51 Evens. Poetic 
52 Country in Asia 
53 Excellent 
54 Small amount 
56 Shackles 
57 
- Maria” 
6o Backward 
62 Choir voice. 2 wrds. 
64 Alphabet letter 
67 Swimming aids 
68 Conversation 
72 Auto name 
74 FDR’s dog 

75 Summary. 
Col­ loq - 
77 Attendants 
78 Refigure 
79 Of the sun 
IO “Can — one — it?” 
82 Cubic meters 
83 Peaceful 
•4 Game fish 
85 Slope 
87 Obliterate 
88 Insect 
89 Forgive 
9o Pigeon pea ti Trailer 
93 New 
Testa­ ments. Abbr 
94 Bad check term 
95 Colombo 
96 Nourished 
97 Toast 
98 Stout 
99 Hiatus 
1o1 Decline 
1o4 Insect 
1o6 Pronoun 
1o9 Turned away 
111 Vestment var. 
114 Bar tabs 
117 Most trite 
119 Wheel spoke 
12o Caricature 
121 Reshuffle 
123 Less rapid 
124 Zoo animal 
125 Examined eggs 
126 Retaliates 
128 Roman official 
129 Farm animal 
13o Light shades 
131 Rescues 
133 Girl’s name 
134 Alphabet letters 

155 Oils 
136 Furrows 
138 Ft. Novelist 
139 Clear profit 
14o GOP opposite 
141 Mint or sage 
142 — Mux is I 
143 Corrida cheers 
144 Rich soil 
146 Summit 
149 Particles 
1S2 Passed 
154 Fruit part 
156 Woe is me! 
18o Map 
162 Brad 
164 Trapshooting 
165 Import tax 
166 Bee 
167 Stew 
169 Sea mile 
171 Auricle 
172 Bruise 
173 Rim 
174 Domains 
176 
Friday” 
178 Auto name 
179 Thrower 
18o Fish lure 
181 It Family 
182 Senate employe 
183 Bares 
184 “-------Evil” 
185 Espied 
186 Pitcher 
187 Texas city 

DOWN 

1 Girl’s name 
2 On the move 
3 Calif. City 
4 Word with food or bird 

Last week s Giant solution 

 s r 
HI 

 rn 
IM 

167 

IM 

IM 

U4 

5 Limbs 
6 Compass point 
7 — leather 
8 Tapestry 
9 Enlarge 
1o — Bolger. Star 
11 Taste 
12 Oyster farm. Fr 
13 Teen- —. 
14 Auto name 
15 Belief. Suffix 
16 Track - . 
17 “Gay —!" 
18 Gives in 
19 Cocktail 
. 
2o Masculine name 
21 Wash-day must 
25 Oglers 
31 Hollywood fami- 

32 Knife 
33 Pronoun 
34 Affirmative. Sp. 
36 Auto name 
39 Playground de­ vice 
4o Jar 
41 Man’s name 
43 Monopoly 
46 Cloak 
47 “ 
Antoine’s” 
48 Auto parts 
5o Anchor 
53 Elks, Eagles et a1 
55 Net-sport phrase 
-57 Fearful 
58 Austrian capital 

59 Books of learning 
61 Choice group 
63 In motion 
64 London Saga 
65 Girl’s name 
66 Part of ERA 
68 Biblical name 
7o Garnish plant 
71 Existence 
72 Nursery item 
73 Shore bird 
74 Auto name 
76 Alphabet letters. 
Cr. 
79 Submerged 
81 Foes 
84 Interferes with 
86 Correct 
89 Spanish homes 
92 Kind 
95 Not many 
99 Repair shop 
1oo Legend island 
1o1 Amaze 
1o2 Heroic altars 
1o3 Auto name 
1o5 Ashen 
1o7 
There 
Someone — ?” 
1o8 “Old Mill 
HO Disturbance ll! Argot 
112 Ecol. No-no 
113 Man s nick­ name 
114 Prefix with vat 
115 Had a thought 

116 Droops 
118 Rich vein 
12o — Participle 
122 Man's name 
125 — copy 
127 Odorous 
13o Averages 
132 Desist . 
137 Adder 
138 Late-comer 
141 Fem. star 
145 Service group 
146 Land plots 
147 Trophy winners 
148 Loud bird 
15o Tree 
151 Traces 
153 Vegetable 
154 Cashier 
155 Western Indian 
157 “A s 
-M y 
Arm”.. 
158 Girl’s name 
IM Prophets 
161 Veers 
163 Unbound 
165 Auto Name 
166 Operate 
168 Numerical suffix 
169 Sea speed 
17o Carry 
172 Cabbage 
173 Escaped 
175 Theater sign 
177 Lair 
178 Unclose. Poetic 
179 “To and 

Star WHIRLY WORD*!) by von en tobotch 

SILLYETTES 

PUZZLE 122 

C 
O 
R 
E 
E 
T 
A 
M 
K 
C 
E 
H 
C 

S 
N 
B 
L 
A 
C 
K 
T 
E 
E 
C 
8 
R 

G 
A 
E 
I 
A 
T 
O 
E 
L 
D 
I 
U 
E 

N 
C 
B 
C 
A 
G 
C 
M 
C 
L 
H 
P 
E 

I 
I 
O 
H 
R 
S 
L 
E 
A 
O 
T 
E 
D 

N 
H 
N 
E 
G 
O 
A 
L 
R 
R 
E 
R 
I 

A 
C 
I 
N 
F 
E 
S 
S 
I 
I 
K 
8 
C 

E 
A 
H 
T 
R 
H 
E 
O 
M 
N 
D 
S 
E 

M 
E 
C 
A 
U 
K 
L 
A 
H 
C 
C 
T 
B 

E 
R 
R 
T 
S 
E 
E 
X 
A 
C 
T 
H 
O 

O 
B 
U 
D 
H 
T 
I 
S 
O 
P 
E 
O 
H 

S 
P 
A 
C 
E 
D 
I C 
I 
T 
S 
E 
P 

CLUE: “GREEK LETTER” 
Solution: 5 Letters 
HOW TO PLAY: 
All th* words listed below appear in th* puzzle — horizontally, vertically, diagonally, even backwards Find them and circle their letters The leftover letter* aped the Stanford 

Area 

Bias 
Black 
Breach 

Chalk 
Checkin; 
Chicano 
Core 
Creed 

Demeanings 
Held 
Deposit 
Horse 
Direct 
Idle 
Ebon 
Inch 
Ergot 
Ethic 
Lichen 
Exact 
(.oft 

Goal 
Marks 
Miracle 

Pesticide 
Phobeode 

Shut 
Spaced 
Superb 
Surf 

Urchfai 

Last Week s Answer: COSSACK 

Half of terror-siege victims snows off his new love 
.. # are getting psychiatric help 

RECORDING magnate Wee Farrell, 37, former husband of Tina Sina­ tra, is spending most of his time these days with gorgeous German model Uta. They’re shown at La Scala Restaurant in Los Angeles, where they dined prior to an evening of nightclubbing. 

AT LEAST 5o percent of the hos­ tages held by Hanafi Muslim ter­ rorists in the grim siege of Wash­ ington, D.C., are now getting psychiatric treatment. 
They are suffering nightmares, night terrors, depression, hallu­ cinations, sexual and bowel dis­ turbances. 
Clinical psychologist Dr. Law­ rence I. Sank, who is conducting group therapy sessions at B’nai 
B’rith headquarters — the Jewish organization that was the terror­ ists’ prime target told THE STAR this week that 4o percent of the employees were taking group therapy and several more had been hospitalized with severe psy­ chotic disturbances. 
“Those hospitalized are unable to determine what is real and not real — in terms of hallucinations, seeing things that are not there, and hearing voices,” said Dr. 
Sank, director of George Washing­ ton University Health Plan. 
Several office workers at the 
District Building, where terrorists shot dead one man and wounded another, are getting private psy­ chiatric treatment. 
District Building worker Alan 
Grip, 41, was lying on his office 
•floor and staring into the face of his colleague Robert Pierce — only a foot away — when Pierce received a shotgun blast from one cf the terrorists. 
“I saw Pierce’s face contort as the shots hit him in the hand, side and arm,” said Grip. “I was stunned and only later did it hit me that I came within an eyelash of death.” 
Grip, married with two small children, spoke to THE STAR in his office only a few yards from where the shootings took place. 
“For the first four of five weeks after coming back to work after 

BY ANDREW MACKAY 

 the attack, I thought I was mak­ ing a helluvan adjustment,” he said. 
^ 
■ 
“But all of a sudden it just came down on me — a delayed reaction. I just had this feeling that nobody gave a damn about what I’d been through.” 
Grip said he realized then that he needed psychiatric help. For the past month he has been going to a psychiatrist twice a week. • 
“The psychiatrist says it will be a 4o-week session but I feel the need to go and go and go. I know it’s not true that people don’t care about me but I can’t help feeling'! that way.” 
Mrs. LaValle E. Thomas, .43, shared the 39-hour siege of the 
♦tetra they cut off e man 

District Building with Grip and eight others. She, too, is now get­ ting psychiatric help. 
“I thought I could handle it on my own,” she told THE STAR; 
“Then I came back to work the weekend after the attack and for. the first time saw a bullet hole in a filing cabinet just 3 inches above where I’d been lying on the floor. 
“I screamed when I saw it and they carried me out of the office;”. 
Mrs. Thomas took a week’s hol­ iday in Bermuda and returned.to the office where she is adminis­ trative assistant to the District of 
Columbia council chairman. “But 
Daring new games make adults reveal 

INTIMATE parlor games in which the players have to reveal their secret desires and fears are all the rage among adult Ameri­ cans. 
The biggest seller of all is called Ungame, in which players have to bare their souls to other players on demand. 
They have to select cards that ask questions like “What do you daydream about?” “What do you do when you are alone?” and 
“What do you dislike about your­ self?” 
Ungame was invented by Rhea 
Zakich, a 
California author, housewife and mother of two. 
Her inspiration came when she had throat surgery and could not talk for three months. She wrote down questions she wished people would ask her and questions she wanted to ask them. These ques­ tions form the backbone (rf Un- game. 
“I get letters from fathers who say they learned more about their 

 their secret desires 

By LESLIE KANE 

 teenage children in half an hour than in a year of normal relation­ ships,” Mrs. Zakich told THE 
STAR this week. 
Pat Cox at The Ungame Com­ pany in California said this week that the game is selling “fan­ tastically.” 
“People love to tell their feel­ ings and say what they are think­ ing,” she said. 
“They love to communicate with each other in a non-threaten­ ing atmosphere. 
“One ^year-old boy at a pro­ bation institute broke into tears when he picked a card that asked him to tell his feelings about a subject,” she said. 
“He said nobody had ever asked him how he felt about 
BRIGHT IDEA FOR HEADLIGHTS 

A HEADLIGHT which adjusts automatically to other lighting is being tested in Britain. The device is activated by a sensor at the base of the car’s windshield, which dims the vehicle’s lights when it enters a brightly-lit city area. The system is undergoing tests on 8oo mail vans in London. 

 things.” Spicier games are also big sellers. One called The Devil 
Made Me Do It is similar to strip poker. 
If a player is lucky with the cards, he gets to undress his part­ ner — garment by garment. 
To give the game a “family” appeal the makers provide toy- size figures with cardboard cloth­ ing — which can be removed, in­ stead of doing the real thing. 
The games have stirred a heat­ ed debate among psychiatrists. 
Professor Richard Fife, a behav­ ioral scientist at California State 
University believes the games promote better communication. 
“They can be sexual ice-break­ ers,” said the professor, who has invented a game, of his own, called Intimacy. 
But Dr. Leslie Cowne, a New 
York psychologist warned that ad­ ult games can be psychologically harmful — especially when eager players start to bully the ones who want to call it quits. 
Dr. Cowne said: “People are not always the best judges of what is good for themselves until they have been hurt.” 
Dr. Eli Feldman, a prominent 

Rhea Zakich: She thought ap 
Ungame while in the hospital. • 

 psychologist and author told THE 
STAR: “People play these games for the same reason that they like to go on a roller coaster — ’ it provices controlled excitement. ■ 
“I think people go in for these games because they don’t have enough fulfillment in other ways. 
It’s a substitute for experiences that they would like to have in real life.” 
But players looking for excite­ ment often find trouble, Dr. Feld­ man says. 
“The games can bring out feel­ ings which they might not be able to handle,” he warned. 
“It could lead to a situation in which something could erupt.” 

 when I looked at the work piled up I started crying and praying brcause I thought I was losing touch. I got out of here quick and called a psychiatrist. He said I’d been in shock three weeks: 
“At home I dreamed of the ter­ rorists coming back. I could see them coming in the office, not stopping, just shooting. I woke up twice from the sound of my own voice, hollering. 
“One day I went home in tears aid my daughter Teresa, who is 
23, said ‘Momma, Momma, you can’t ruin your reputation.’ And I said ‘Teresa, I’m about to have a nervous breakdown.’ 
“People kept telling me I was strong and Teresa said on TV: 
‘My mother’s a strong person and some of that’s rubbed off on me.’ 
“So if I started crying I would go into the office ladies’ room or 
I’d lock myself in the bedroom at home. Then the psychiatrist con­ vinced me that what I was going through was normal. Heput me through hypnosis and the energy 
I felt was just beautiful. 
“But I cry so easily now. I’m afraid now that people are just walking into these offices, not being checked by the guards.” 
Mrs. Thomas said two of her co- workers — Carmen Kinsey, 33, and Linda Palmer, 25 — had been linable to return to work because of the trauma they had suffered. 
“Carmen says she jumps at ev­ ery noise and just a knock on her door sends her screaming to the back of her room,” Mrs. Thomas said. 
She added that she and Alan 
Grip both felt bitter at their treat­ ment, compared with that re­ ceived by B’nai B’rith employes. 
“It was only after Alan and I went on TV and complained that we were told by the city council that we were eligible for compas­ sionate administrative leave and workers’ compensation for our psychiatric treatment. 
“We have been treated like two warm bodies — simply back here to get the work done.” 
Dr. Lawrence Sank said that many of the B’nai B’rith hostage victims were suffering symptoms similar to those of bereaved per­ sons. 
“Some have night terrors or nightmares and there are also problems with depression, a lack of energy, or some sexual distur­ bances or bowel disturbances. 
“There is a lack of interest in life and resuming life. 
“Unfortunately some have had severe psychotic reactions. They may have lived very normal lives if they hadn’t been hit by some­ thing so stressful. 
“We have been forced to hospi­ talize some of the people with more extreme reactions. And there may be some private hospi- 
’o f talizations we are not aware 
“Then there are those who can’t or won’t return to work.»» 
Dr. Sank said that it was hoped to get Federal funding for the group therapy program and estab­ lish what are the long-term ef­ fects on hostages under sustained stress. 
“We want to know what we can do for hostages in the long run — because we know this will not be the last incident.” 

Kotter $$ buys ‘Epstein’ a home 
I 

; «*-. 
*» 

BOBBY HEGYES, who plays 
Epstein on TV’s Welcome Back, 
Kotter, shows off his new home in 
North Hollywood, Calif. Bobby and his wife Mary, who were col­ lege sweethearts, are renovating the house themselves. Carpentry is one of his hobbies. A New 
Jersey native, Bobby attended 
Glassboro College and afterwards taught theater arts in a high school. He writes and directs 
< 
• some Kotter episodes. 

HOW TO STAY YOUNG 
DURING RETIREMENT 
YOU CAN stay young throughout your retirement, says the National 
Safety Council. 
The secret is to know your interests and to plan — starting now — the life you would like to build around them. 

“Suppose we find it — then what?’’ 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

Vincent Toff any, president of the council, said an active retire­ ment including plenty of exercise is essential to keeping tood health. 
“Elderly people must compen­ sate for normal aging processes,” 
Toff any said. 
Toffany suggested these guide­ lines for staying safe, healthy and vigorous after you retire: 
• Inventory your personal inter­ ests and also your probable ca­ pacity for pursuing them during your retirement. 
• Remember that new situa­ tions and experiences during re­ tirement should be approached with caution. 
• Avoid emotional stress, and seek help in reducing tensions. 
• Keep your mind active. 
• Schedule frequent medical and dental examinations. 
• Allow sufficient time to com­ plete activities. 
• Eat the right amount of rec­ ommended foods to maintain proper weight. 
• Get sufficient rest. 

17 tips to make sure your summer picnics are a joy 

PICNICS are good for your health, say home economists. They get the family outdoors, encourage recreation and stimulate lagging summertime appetites. 
Apicnic need not involve a long trip to a crowded park or beach. 
It can be put together in the back yard. 
Here are trips from the experts for enjoying your summer picnics to the fullest: 
O 
Choose a simple menu, such as hot dogs and baked beans or spaghetti and meat sauce, along with a green salad, coffee, milk and cake. 

Remember that color adds a festive air to your meal. 
Use colorful place mats, bright pottery, or thick plastic, colorful dishes. 

Light your garden and out­ door living areas so you can enjoy them after dark. 
• 

Stick thumbtacks in the edges of your paper plates and fasten them to the table to keep the children from upsetting them. 
O 
On breezy days, attach springtype clothespins to the napkins to keep than from blowing away. 
If you write the guest’s name on the clothespins, they can double as place markers. 

A long-handled wire pop- mW com popper can substitute for a grill when you are roasting frankfurters. 
It comes jn handy, especially if children are too small to roast their own franks on a stick. a 

Don’t forget important little items like sugar, salt, and pepper when you are packing the food Many a picnic has been spoiled because these were miss­ ing. 
Save a small box or carton for them, keep it supplied during the picnic season. Include ketchup and mustard. 
O 

Keep on hand plenty of in­ expensive paper dishes, napkins, waxed paper, aluminum foil, and plastic cartons to hold fruit or salad. 
© 

Wrap each sandwich in waxed paper and seal it with scotch tape. 
Tinted waxed paper will help 

By STAR REPORTER 

 you identify the different sand­ wiches without opening them, or use different colors of scotch tape. 
© 
Include whole firm, ripe tomatoes, and wrap each separately in waxed paper. This prevents them from mashing and oozing onto other foods. 
O 

When you think you I allowed enough food to have sat isfy your picnickers, take a little more. 
Outdoor appetites are hearty. 

Try this to prevent children from spilling the contents of papa* cups: 
Draw a circle in a paper plate, using the bottom of a paper cup as a pattern. Cut out the circle, turn the plate upside (town, and the cup will fit nicely into the hole and be anchored. 
® 
To keep flies and other in sects out of picnic food until it is ready to serve, make paper cones out of newspapers and pin them tightly around! the food con­ tainers. 

Picnic salads will stay crisp war in the top of a double boiler 
Fill the lower part with ice cubes and the salad will be cold at serv mg time. 

Keep odd rolls of wallpaper 
^ ir that accumulate, ana cut them into strips to cover the pic­ nic table. Fasten the ends of tile strips with thumbtacks. 

Empty, plastic pill bottles lr make handy containers for dressings, ketchup and mustard. 
But remember to wash the bot­ tles well before using them for this purpose. 
© 

Confusion over who used which cup will be eliminat­ ed if you paint a different number on each cup with bright nail pol ­ ish. 
Here’s the typewriter of the future 

THE keyboard (above) may look like something from a spaceship’s control panel. But it’s actually just a new type­ writer. The machine was designed by Mrs. Lillian Malt who claims the rearranged keys will make it easy for any reason­ ably experienced typist to grind out at least 18o words a min­ ute. At right, Mrs. Malt shows a typist how to operate the new machine. Her typewriter, called a Maltron, is on sale in England. It is not yet available in the United States. 

Frigidaire -B a Engineered bv General Motors 

Come By Today And 
Let Us Show You. How 
Frigidaire “SOCKS IT 
TO ’EM!” 

AS SEEN ON TV 

1134 Hildebrand 8o7 S.W. Military 
734-5o56 
924-83o1 
Next to H.E.B. 

WASHER PRICES START AT 
249” 

T here s how we “ sock it to em 

Frigidaire Dryers 

Rated # I by consumer’s magazines nationwide! 

Frigidaire rotates 

 clothesfw ) times 

All 
Frigidaire 
Jet 
Cone 

 washers have an exclusive 

 up-and down Agitator ac­ 

 tion. It gets clothes down to 

 where cleaning power is 

 greatest,; 
9 times per 

 regular wash cycle. 

TRIPLE 

ROTATION 

- 3 TIMES MORE! 

That s 3 times more than 

 the best selling brand's best 

 washer. 
The result is 

 cleaner clothes with a 

Frigidaire Jet Cone washer. 

The best selling brand rotates 

 clothes CS) times 

Ail Fkrigkflaire 
Jet Cone washers clean better than the best-selling brands best washer. 
IT’S A PROVEN FACT! 

Frigidaire “ Socks it to e m ” and independent laboratory tests prove it! * With our exclusive jet cone agitator action, we get clothes dow n to the bottom of the tub, where cleaning pow er is greatest, an average o f 9 times per cycle! 

* Tested in accordance with the A H A M standard HLW-1 soil rem oval test using a I 5 lb. dry weight mixed cotton test load. 
Superb cleaning power isn’t all you get with a 
Frigidaire Jet Cone Washer. 

• Flexible 1-18 lb. capacity • Rugged Heavy Duty components 

• Regular, Permanent Press and Automatic Knit Cycle 

IMPORTANT NOTICE:, 
ALL 
FRIGIDAIRE 
MODELS 
UTILIZE THE 
SAME JET 
CLEAN ACTION! FROM THE LOWEST-PRICED TO THE 
MOST 
DELUXE! 
UNLIKE 
DEPT. 
STORE 
MODELS. 
FRIGIDAIRE DOES NO T USE WASHABILITY AS A 
STEP-UP TO MORE EXPENSIVE MODELS. 

F r ig id a ir e ’s u n iq u e u p -a n d -d o w n 
A g ita to r a ctio n gets 

 clothes cle a n e r. A n d e v e r y F rig id a ire J e t C o n e W a sh e r has it. 

PAGE 24 
THE SAN 
ANTONIO 
STAR— May 
22, 1977