Bickover. 
The admiral wile wouldn't fait — Page HA 

NOW! There's MUCH MORE Up for Grabs in Oar Giant 
HOfOOO SWEEPSTAKES 

VALUABLE PRIZES ★ UP TO _ 
_ 
B .................... sw, 
„ 
★ A TRIP FOR TWO TO MEXICO CITY! Details, Col. 3 

Basketball 

(ss 

■m-r a ; 

FORECAST 

Sunny, warmer. High in upper-BOs. Low in upper-3os. 

Sunday's tem peratures in 
Column 2 
Details. Page SB 
San Antonio Express 

Texas' g re a te st m orning new spaper 

EXCLUSIVE WIRE SERVICES: ASSOCIATED PRESS, NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE, WASHINGTON POST SERVICE, LOS ANGELES TIMES 
SERVICE, NEWSDAY SERVICE, AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, MANCHESTER GUARDIAN SERVICE, LONDON TIMES SERVICE 

I15' 

Monday 
March 7, 1977 y 

M A R K WHITE, Texas Secretary of State, gives a brief history of the Battle of the A lam o as the candles, lit in m em ory of the heroes of the A lam o, flicker 
• 
STAI f PH OTO S BY H M DEAN JR 
Men o f Alamo remembered by grateful Texans 

By MICHAEL QUINTANILLA 

'I'he men who gave their lives in the 13 days of glory at the siege of Alamo were honored 
Sunday by prayer, music and speeches at the site of the fa­ mous battle. 

I lic Alamo loll on March 6. 1836. to the overwhelming forces of Gen. Santa 
Anna More than 185 men died defend­ ing the mission-lortress. 

The mem orial services c o m m e m o r ­ ating the H ist anniversary of the bat­ tle w ere c o o r d in a te d by th e A lam o 
Mission Chapter of the D aughters of the Republic of Texas. 

Welcomed with a sunny afternoon, tourists and visitors crowded into the chapel of the historic mission for the entrance of the color and honor guard 
The lesser o f two evils 

FAIRBANKS. Alaska (AP) — A man shuttled into tin* police station and said lie wauled to get warm. The t e m p e r a ­ ture outside was 9 degrees below zero 
Police told 26-year-old 
John VV. 
Regan Ile would have to leave, blit Ile said he would go to uul if necessary i i i order lo slav warm. 
Ile got his w Isl). 
Began was booked on a c h a r g e of trespassing. 

GOOD MORNING} 

 lo d e 
C l i i K 'k b 

Adion E x p r e s s .................................IV 
A r ts .......................................................5B 
A strolog).................. 
HA 
B ridge...................................................SB 
I tu n ic s....................... 
KA 
Crossword P u / / l e ............................KA 
D eaths. .......... 
CB 
Editorials........................................ IDA 
N ew sm akers. 
............................2A 
Scene........................................... 1.2B 
S p o rts 
................................ I-bl) 
Television ........................................3B 
Theaters 
.................................VB 
Want A d s................................bB,I-l2C 
W eather...................... 
SB 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson 
......................2 \ 
Ann Landers 
......................IB 
Barr) Robinson 
................ ID 
Budd) S tin so n ......................... .. 
J X 
Dr. Geo. Ihosteson ........................3B 

A wise m a n never plants m o r e 
.'alden than Ins wife can hoe. 

 sUNOAY S TEMHERATURI 

I DTH YEAR 

NO. IOO 
36 PAGES 

TELE PHONE V 

TOI 
B 'S *!1 
C k w * 
( t t y r d 'i y r 

1)11) Xiii KNOW*, ll v OU receive hoi lie deliver) of 
Express-News l l more will bring you the evening 
Kl i» |m i month ( all 225-7411 for prom pt delivei 

 the E xpress ami Sunday 
News nu a itMMitli Total 

MINERS 
BODIES FOUND 

P 
VA 

A S S O C IA T E D PRESS 
TOWER CITY, Pa. - Ronald 
A dley, a coal m iner trapped deep inside a mountain for five days, w as pulled to freedom 
Sunday and taken to a hospital in good condition. 

Later in the day the bodies of two other miners were recovered from the 

The fa te o f five other missing miners is not knoun 

 mine, bringing to four the n u m b e r of known dead iii un underground flood 
Tuesday. 
The fate of five other missing miners was not known 
John IC Shutaek, regional director of the federal Mining Enforcement and 
Safety Adminis tration, said cha nces 

 were slim of finding the missing men alive. 
“ Pass the jackham m er over to m e ." 
Adley c o m m a n d e d as his r e s c u e r s b u r s t th ro u g h th e last i n c h e s of a 
5o-foot wall of coal and quartz that had served as his prison door. 
Then the 37-year-old miner put the 

 of the U.S. Marine Corps R eserve of 
San Antonio. 

After the 26 flags were posted (19 states, six foreign countries and flag of 
Texas which was then part of Mexico) the llarlandale High School choir sang 
Rachmaninoff's “ Ave M a ria” 

Ceremony 

Prior to the main address by Mark 
White, Texas secretary of state, a can­ dle-lighting cerem ony was conducted in memory of the heroes of the Alamo. 

“ We meet here today to pay tribute and honor these men who fought for our liberty and freedom — it was their ultimate sacrifice in life," White said. 

VV lute then presented a brief history of the events which led to the fall of the 
Alamo, saying “ a continuity with the past is a necessity to familiarize our­ selves with history.” 

Committed to death inside the Alamo were 188 known patriots who valued freedom m ore than life itself. White said. 
13 clays 

“ They held this place (Alamo) for 13 days, withstanding the onslaught of an army numbering 5,(KIO men There was nu retreating from point to point." 

“ P ro m doors, windows, loopholes, the crack of rifles becam e fierce. The h e r o e s fou g h t till t h e la st long stronghold was overtaken." 

“ Ii was a d e s p e r a t e c o m b a t . Tilt 

 finishing touches on a shoulder-wide escape tunnel and wiggled his five- foot-seven frame through. 
It had taken them 1o8 hours to reach him. He cut some of the boredom by chewing tobacco passed to him by res­ cu e rs. But w hen lie had a s k e d for whisky, they gave him only o r a n g e juice. 
Adley and o t h e r m i n e r s w e r e trapped at midday Tuesday b en e ath 
4oo-loot-high Big Lick Mountain when a wall of ice-cold w ater crashed through a sh aft c e i l i n g , b a t t e r i n g s u p p o r t tim b e rs and trig g e rin g rock slides. 
Two bodies were found by late W e d ­ nesday. T h re e m in e r s who e s c a p e d ^ were injured. 
But Walter J. Vieinelly. state c o m ­ missioner of deep mine safety , said there were no signs of other life in the 
1o-foot w ide, 1o-foot hig h c h a m b e r where Adley and the two bodies found fl 
Sunday had been. 
Two teams of four men each contin- I lied to search the area, which pene- j tr a t e s an u n k now n d i s t a n c e into a I b la ck holt*. But it w as only one of I s e v e ra l sealed-off c h u t e s i i i w h ic h I other miners might be. 
After Adley’s rescue, w o rk ers fell I silent so three dynamite blasts could I be set off to sim ulate a m in e r s dis- I tress signal and perhaps evoke a re- I spouse from anyone trapped. Sensitive I instruments detected nothing. 
Meanwhile, efforts proceeded to dig I 
435 feet into another urea of the mine I so television cam eras and microphones I could be lowered 

MRS. HUGH BOURKE LOW ERY, president general of DRY, stands at the lectern conducting the roll call of states and nations during Sunday’s A lam o m em orial services 
H orse race legislation looks like a good bet 

The odds o f talking were poor 

B ED M IN STER , N J. ( A P ) - The odds against speaking with President 
( a r te r d u rin g S a t u r d a y ’s b r o a d c a s t phone-in s e ssio n w e re 226.19o-to-l. 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. officials indicate. 
Between 9 million and 9 5 million calls were made to a special toll-free n u m b e r d u r in g the th r e e h o u r s th e lines were open. 
Less than 4.immi calls m ade it through! to the 2o telephones in the \\ lute House 
— aud 42 callers got to talk with the 
President during the two-hour broad-! 

AUSTIN (AP) — This might be the 
Y ear of the Snake on the Chinese c a ­ lendar but for Texans it might also be the Year of the Horse. 
A bill legalizing horse race betting on a local o p tio n b a s i s will be introduced this week. and the horsey set already is lobbying hard for it. 
Speaker Bill Clayton gives the bill a belter chance than similar legislation has had i i i recent years. 
"I kind of think I he bill has a fair chance of passage tins session I have heard m e m b e r s say they m ight sup- 
Anyone can win 

Join in the fun in the super 
$5o,OOO Sweepstakes contest dai­ ly iii the Express aud The News and in the weekend Express- 
New s. 
All you have to do is enter your So­ cial Security num ber and check daily 
 ning numbers 
Hie winners receive gilt certificates good at stores advertising that week til the E x p r e s s or the T h e News T h e winner selects the merchant 
Als** t o u t i n g soon will be th e a n ­ nouncement of tin* weekly super big 
Sunday prizes for winners 
\ o u d o n t have to fu* a subscriber. but it SIM) ii** subscribe to I lit* Express or T h e News, or bolti, you m ay win extra bonita prizes and ittottcv 

 port it who have never su p p o rte d it before.'’ bf’ said, 
“ It will probably get a good r u n ," 
( lavton said. adding that he would not apply pressure either for it or against it 
Visited 

One representative said he already has been visited by four couples from his West Texas district who want the bill passed They raise horses 
Also visited was the office of Rep. 
Tom Cher, D-Bay City, whose state a f f a i r s c o m m i t t e e p r o b a b l y will receive the bill for hearings. 
Rep J im Raster. D EI Paso, said he also has talked with horse racing a d ­ vocates and is willing to sponsor their bill. 
The Texas Horse Racing Assn lured lobbv ist 
B. 
J 
Pumphrey to stir up votes Ile said tfie effort would be made first in the House — “ I haven’t worked the Senate full blast 
Ik* said be feels pretty good about the chances of passage but “ I am not overwhelmed by it." 
As of Friday, a sponsor had not been chosen, he said. 
The bill would authorize counties to hold e l e c tio n s on w h e t h e r to allow horse race gam bling — also known as p a n -mutuel betting A three-m em ber racing com m ission appointed by tin’ governor would regulate the tracks 

Oft-track belting would be prohibit­ ed. 
The state would receive 4 per ccid of a track s g r o s s bels 
Pumphrey was asked about one m a ­ jor argument against pari-mutuel Ih*i- tmg — that playing tin* pomes is a d ­ dictive and will fu rth e r im pove rish people win* already are poor. 
“ If the) (tin* opponents! would go 

 over to Louisiana or New Mexico or 
A rk a n s a s , they would find out how m a n y already a r e addicted. A s t a g ­ gering amount of Texans are crossing over, lf they are going to bo addicted. I think they a lre ad y a r e , " P u m p h r e y said 

 com pany’s long I 

 i i i B c d m i n s t c r f l 
AT&T officials at the distance headquarter- said tho Chicago Houston and D uluth,I 
Mini! . a r * a s sh o w ed t h e h e a v i e s t ^ ™ volume et calls. AT&T otficials lit W a - I 
Shiocton also said calls w ere l i c u v y H from lilt* D istrict of C o l u m b i a a m i l surrounding ureas, 
E l 
Big mailers push subsidies 

WASHINGS your lax mom dUing th e P d u s t ries that 

)N (AP) - More of y would go to subs). 
>stal S e r v i c e if l u ­ do business through the mud get their way. 
Num erous industry groups have called for higher postal subsidies at recent hearings of tho Commission on 
P o s t a l 
S e r v i c e , w h ich is scheduled to m a k e r e c o m m e n d a ­ tions by March 15 un the future of the mail agency 
The appeals for taxpayer funds have reached the point that P o st­ master General Benjamin Hadar is urging taxpayers to also co m m u n i­ cate their views to the commission 
" O th e rw is e, we run the risk of having these (Mistal issues — who h affect all of us — tieing addressed only by special interest g r o u p s which have an understandable tun nonetheless p a ro c h ia l inte rest i i i postal m a t t e r s , " Ballat* said re* 

 should go over the current $1.5 bil­ lion |K*r year. However, Hadar not­ ed an estimate by the Congressional 
B u d g e t Office that r i s i n g postal costs would r e q u i r e $21 8 billion over tin* nest four years to maintain c u r r e n t m a i l s e r v i c e at p r e s e n t rates 

W hat th e s e s p e c i a l ii choose to ignore is that such si vc sum s might I m * better ap to other pressin g national rn 
They also ignore, of course it lect that such a subsidy would have iqsHi efforts to balance Hu* federal budget," Hadar said 

■rests m a s ­ hed 
•cts 
* cf- 

Din 

(tis 
T h e in dustry g r o u p s I ive rn»l said how loth Hu* 

 rh ll 

: tin 
•ar* d P i th 

 tdu th 

The 

 high | m the bp cfmsals 

H 
SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 1977 
Mrs. Armstrong is com ing hom e 

America’s first woman am bassa­ dor to the Court of St. Jam es left 
London Sunday after earning al­ most universal British approval during her one-year term. 
“ This has been the greatest year of my life,” Anne Armstrong told re p o rte rs at H eathrow A irport. 
Mrs. Armstrong, 49, an appointee of 
Republican President Gerald Ford, resigned her post, a customary m ove with J a chang e of administration. Democratic Presi­ dent 
Jim m y Carter has not an­ 

 nounced a successor, and the U.S. 
E m bassy is tem p o rarily in the charge of the No. 2 man, career diplomat Ronald Spiers. 
Mrs. A rm stro n g flew to W a­ shington for debriefing sessions at the State Department and was ex­ pected at midweek to go on to her family ranch at Armstrong, Tex. 

K in g Hussein ends visit 
King Hussein of Jordan left Lon­ don on Sunday to return home after an 
11-day visit d esc rib ed as 
“ strictly private.” 
Officials said the king was in 
London partly to recover from the death of his wife Queen Alia, killed in a helicopter crash Feb. 9. 
He left Heathrow Airport aboard a specially chartered royal Jordanian 
Airlines Boeing 7o7 jetliner and was seen off by his close friend, ex-King 
Constantine of Greece. 
Hussein’s two children, Princess 
Hava, 3, and Price AH, I, left later 
Sunday aboard a scheduled J o r ­ danian Airlines flight. 

Tawny Elaine G odin, former “ Miss 
America 1 9 7 6 ,” comes up the aisle with Dr. Miles Little after they were married in M anhattan’s Little Church 
Around the Corner Saturday. She is from Yonkers, N .Y . He is a resident physician at Los Angeles County- 
University o f Southern C alifornia 
Medical Center. 

Prisoner’s paperwork left him at end o f rope 

Former President Gerald Ford sports a new hat while he talks with members of the press during a week-long ski vaca­ tion in Vail, Colo. 

A rope that was found in a routine investigation in a Elxington, Ky., jail cell was 14o feet long. It was made out of toilet paper. 

“ I thought I’d seen or heard about everything but this has got to be a 

H rst,” jailer 
Harold Buchignani sa id. 
The jailer said Robert Stafford, 
4K, of London, Ky., apparently had braided the paper into a rope that would support three to five pounds and could be lowered from his jail cell window. 

Long wait pays off in stardom 

Shoichi Yokoi, Guam ’s last dis­ covered Ja p a n ese holdout from 
World War II, returned to Agana 
Sunday to star in a movie. 
Yokoi, a former Imperial Army sergeant, emerged from the local jungle in 1972 after 28 years of eluding capture and living on fish and jungle plants. 
Now' he’s here to relive the ex­ perience in a television docum en­ tary’ of his life. 
The planned 3o-minute Jap an - ese-language film is to be made by 
Nippon TV Productions Ltd. for viewing in Japan. 
The tailo r-tu rn ed -so ld ier was greeted on his return here by Mrs. 
Ricky Hordalio, the wife of G uam ’s governor. 
Yokoi is expected to stay here a week. 

Shutters are 
, still drawn at energy agency 

WASHINGTON — President Jimmy Carter has pro­ mised to admit more sunlight into the backrooms of government, but the blinds are still drawn at the Federal 
Energy Administration. 

Three women await calls prom ised by President 

T he oil lob by ists who in fest the place, you see, prefer to operate in the shadows. • 
In this eerie half light, the energy agency recently saved the oil industry from price controls by manipulating a complex “ trigger” formula. 
It took a little lubrication in the right places to prevent the price crackdown. 
For instance, the New England con­ gressm en had to be appeased. They have usually hollered the loudest to keep the lid on oil and gas prices. 
Maneuver 
So in another complex maneuver, the energy agency arranged to grant an 
“ entitlem ent” to the companies that import home heating oil. Reduced to sim p le te rm s , th is am ou nted to a nickel-a-gallon subsidy for fuel users. 
The biggest beneficiaries were the 
New E ngland states, which depend heavily on im ported oil. Thus the e n tire nation wound up, in effect, helping to pay New' England's heating bills. 
This soothed the New England con­ gressional lions who, in turn, suddenly lost their voices while the oil operators rigged the form ula. It was acco m ­ plished in the best American tradition of y o u -se ra tc h -m y -b a c k -a n d -I’ll- scratch-yours. 
Public lost 
Of course, the general public lost oil both ends of the deal. 
They not only paid the subsidy to the 
New England fuel users, but also paid the resulting higher oil and gas prices. 
It is a tribute to the sunshades at the 
Federal Energy Administration that all this was achieved without 
_ 

 tion. It may be a clue to P resident 
Carter's vulnerability to oil pressure that Smith was one of the few survivors of the Nixon-Ford era who was asked to stay on the job. lie stood like a modern Horatio at the* oil derrick fighting off congressional attempts to clamp down on oil and ga£* prices. The battle to control prices was** led by the New England contingent. 
When the smoke cleared, they had compromised on the complicated trig­ ger formula. Stated simply, price con­ trols could be triggered under the for­ mula if heating-oil prices hit a certain level. 
Changed formula 
The cold winter and the Arab price increase pushed oil prices so near this level that energy experts expected the trigger to go off. But the oil-oblig­ ing Gorman Sm ith changed the for­ mula in a complex maneuver that es­ caped public attention. 
This maneuver saved the oil industry 

A SSO C IA T E D PRESS 
Three women picked up their tele­ phones over the weekend and culled the President of the United Stales. 
They asked him about personal prob­ lems they have in common with many 
Americans today — illness, jobs and economic security. 
President ('arter, who spoke to the three women and 39 other Americans during a nationally broadcast two-hour radio phone-in show on S a tu rd a y , promised to call them back this week with whatever answers he or his staff could provide. 
“ I just feel very sure that when the 
P re sid e n t said my case would be looked into and I would receive a reply that that will h ap pen ," said Leslie 
Pfenninger of Lanham, Md., who has been trying for months to get a job with the federal government. 
She was nervous 
In North Carolina, Opel Dehart of 
Trinity said she was nervous about talking to the President, but she want­ ed to tell him about her father, a ter­ minal cancer patient who is unable bv 
More old, less young in census 

WASHINGTON (AP) - T here are more persons over age 65 in the United 
Slates today, and fewer under age live, than there were in 197o, the Census 
Bureau reported Sunday. 
Increases of more than 3o per cent in the number of persons Ha and older were reported in six states — Hawaii, 
Alaska, Nevada, Arizona. New Mexico and Florida. 
The growth in the elderly population seemed concentrated iii the South and 
West with the increase at 22.1 per cent in Southern states and 2o.5 per cent in 
Western ones. 
In the Northeast the over-65 group increased 9 4 per cent and in the North 
Central states the growth was only 9.1 per cent. 
The under-five population declined throughout the nation, with the North­ east leading the way with a 22.2 per cent drop 
The decline was 14.7 per cent in the 
North Central sta te s, 2.9 p er cent iii the 
West and 2.7 per cent iii the South. 

He is interested in people and people are interested in him ... ice don't feel like he is a king or something like th a t' 

 law to use a drug she thinks could ease 
Ins suffering. 
And Ruby Hewitt of San Bernardino, 
Calif., wanted to know why there is no cost of living in cre a se for Social 
Security recipients. Mrs. Hewitt lives with lier H9-year-old husband, Howard, on Social Security and a small pension. 
Hewitt, a re tire d co nstruction fo r­ eman, is blind. 
Miss Pfenninger, 21. graduated last 
May from Elizabethtown College in 
Pennsylvania with a dual degree in psychology and sociology’ and she told 
Carter she is qualified to serve as a statistician. 
SIH* asked the President if he could lift hiring restrictions on Civil Service jobs so that she and others could be placed on equal footing with persons who currently hold Civil Service sta ­ tus. 
She said Sunday that she did not ex­ pect an answ er from the Presid ent before Monday and that she w asn ’t even sure she would be given a lob. 
Just a chance 
“ I did not ask the President for a job 
... All I want to do is have the chance to show I’m capable of doing the work,” she said. 
Mrs. Dehart told C a rte r that her father, Raymond Yarborough, found out about his illness a month ago. 
•’He's a hard-working man all his life and never made much money and doesn't have much now.” she said. She said she has read about Vitamin BIT — 
Laetrile — a drug used to treat cancer in some countries but not approved here by the Federal Drug Administra­ tion. 
“ I realize that the 
(American 
M(dical Association) says it's not been proved safe, but for a terminal patient who is not going to live — and has a chalice to live with it — I don’t see how it could Im* dangerous," she said. 
She complained that wealthy people can afford to go to other countries, where Laetrile is available, but “ most hardworking people in this country cannot afford treatment ... 
Carter, promised to have som eone from the D e p a rtm e n t of H ealth , 
E ducation and W elfare call M rs. 
Dehart to discuss the problem. 
Mrs. Hewitt said she dialed several 

 times before getting through to Carter. 
“ I’m a very persistent person." she said. “ I tried to get on ... because I felt it was so important to find out why we didn’t get any Social Security increase 
... I felt Social Security retirees were entitled to this much. I was just deter­ mined to do everything I possibly could." 
When Carter told her that he couldn't answer her question, that he w asn't aware of the problem, he promised lo 

 have someone from his staff call her on 
Monday. 

“ I thought he was a very nice man to do this,” Mrs. Hewitt said. “ I felt as though I was a guest iii the W hite 
House. He was letting us know what was going on ... 

“ He is interested in people and peo­ ple are interested in him ... We don't feel like he is someone we can’t speak to, that he's a king or something like that.” 
Most of the other callers who m an­ aged to get through to the President expressed similar opinions about what it was like to talk with the nation's chief executive. 

 the Americans at large ever re a liz in g they had been ripped off. 
But they a rc e n title d to know, at least, who the vil­ lains were in the backstage drama. The chief villain was tall, imposing Gorman Smith, the deputy energy adm in is­ trator. who looks every inch like the general he once was. 
Oil power 
In place of medals, he now collects buttons opposing the break-up of Big 
Oil. No one questions his integrity; he is simply a true believer in oil power. 
Ex-President Gerald Ford put him in charge of operations at the Federal 
Energy Administration. 
Smith proved to be a take-charge adm inistrator who supported the oil industry on most issues. He, therefore, became the darling of the oil crowd. 
They lobbied to keep Smith, above all others, in the C arter adm inistra- l l Hispanics get call from Carter 

W A S H IN G T O N R O ST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON — Although it has not announced m ost of them , the 
Carter Administration has named at least ll 
H isp a n ic -A m e ric an s to subeabinet or White House staff posi­ tions, and more are expected, accorded to several sources. 
At least two of them, both critical of the administration’s hiring policies in the past, said they were satisfied with the number named so far. 

The White House said last week that 
President Carter would “ at the present pace appoint about three times the number of Spanish-speaking A meri­ cans to government positions than were named in previous adm inistra­ tions.” 
T hose ap po inted include five assistant secretaries or persons of equivalent level 
The ll are: 
• 
Fabian Chavez, assistant secre­ tary of Commerce, a Mexican-Ameri- can on the staff of New Mexico Gov. 
Jerry Apodaca, who worked for the 
( arter campaign. 
• Alex Mercure, assistant secretary of Agriculture, a Mexican-Amenean, formerly vice chancellor of the Uni­ versity of New Mexico at Albuquerque. 

• A belardo Valdez, assistan t ad ­ m in istra to r of the B ureau pf Latin 
American Affairs in the Agency for 
In te rn a tio n a l D evelop m en t, a W a­ shington attorney who com es from 
Floresville. 
• William Medina, assistant secre­ tary of Housing and Urban Develop­ ment. A former employe of the Office of Management and Budget, he is the first Puerto Rican to hold an assistant secretaryship. 
• G raeiela Olivarez, head of the 
Community Services Administration. 
She. has been state planning officer in 
Apodaca’s administration. 
• Arabella Martinez, assistant sec­ retary of Health, Education and Wel­ fare, a Mexican-American. 
• Patrick Apodaca, one of three as­ sociate counsels to the President. A first cousin of the New Mexico gover­ nor, he worked for both the campaign and the Carter transition team 
• Anna Maria Martel, assistant to 
White House personnel director Jim 
King. She is from Los Angeles and worked for the transition team. 
• Ann Gutierrez, a m em ber of the 
White House policy staff. She worked tor the California state government. 
• Joe Aragon, whose appointment us 

 special assistant to the President and 
W hite H ouse o m b u d sm a n w as an- 
-nounced earlier. 
• Juan Rodriguez, special assistant to HUD Secretary' Patricia Harris. He is a Cuban from New York who worked with both the campaign and the tran­ sition team. 
Carter urging 
( arter aides have said that the Pre­ sident urged his Cabinet members ut every meeting during the first month to find arid hire Hispanic-Americans. 
Ile also sent them m ailgram s to em ­ phasize his feelings on the issue. 
" T h e r e ’s been a co n sid e ra b le amount of pressure on the administra­ tion to recognize the concerns and needs of our nation's Hispanic com ­ munity,” said Manuel Fierro, execu­ tive d ire c to r of El C ongreso, a 
Hispanic lobbying organization here. 
Fierro, one of those who has been critical, has been spending much of hts tim e since D ecem ber m eeting with 
Cabinet members to push for Hispan- ic-American hiring. He praised Vice 
President Mondale for "providing us unrelenting . . exceptional assistance.” 
• It’s been a very difficult time, but the whole thing is beginning to bust loose fur us.” Fierro said. 

BILL MILLER BAR B QUE COUPON 
B-Q Beef Poorboy& Potato Salad 

OMAHA, Neb. - Tak­ ing a swing at a bee is a surefire way of liecoiiiitig its next target, beekeeper 
Ralph Mills warns. 
“ A bee will go out ol its 

Vt lb. Juicy BBQ Beef on a twisted poppy­ seed bun with pickle and onion and Vt lb. portion of potato (alod...regularly $1.45 
TO GO ONLY 
SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THRU WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9 , 1 9 7 7 

Be e whacks had business 

 in the eerie shadows infested by oil lobbyists, the energy agency recently saved the oil industry from price controls 

 from price controls. 
" 
Normally, it would have outraged the watchful New England congres­ sional delegation. But two other vil­ lains in the d ra m a . House Speaker 
Thomas “ Tip” O’Neill and Sen. Ted 
Kennedy, both loyal sons of M assa­ chusetts, abandoned the national in­ terest in re tu rn for the heating-oil subsidy for their native New England. 
A spokesman for the New England caucus adm itted that the delegation would have objected to the formula change if it had not obtained the heat- mg-oil subsidy. 
Gorman Smith told us he acted in the public interest. If he had not changed the formula to avoid setting off price controls, he said, the exploration for vital gas and oil would have slacked off. 
Exploiting the elderly 
The sweet smell of Medicare money has stirred a number of corporations to offer home care for the elderly. This is regarded us more humane than insti­ tutionalized care in nursing homes. 
The c o rp o ra tio n s send in h o m e­ makers to care for the elderly in their own homes and then collect from the government. 
The bait is a juicy $3oo m illion. which the government spends on this program each year. 
But some of these com panies, we have found, have charged outrageous personal expenses to the government. 
The taxpayers have been billed for such items as liquor, tobacco, cars, vactions. paintings, political contribu­ tions, law yers’ fees and interest on loans, according to competent sources. 
No challenges 

“ Nobody challenges what tney spend the money on,” one source told us. He said the Medicaid and Medicare reim ­ bursement formulas “ would m ake a defense contractor drool.” 
Companies are springing up that es­ tablish for-profit home health care agencies but take as much as 3o per cent of the total billing from Medicare or Medicaid as their fee. 
This g row in g p ra c tic e is called franchising. 
Such companies also solicit doctors a* part-time medical directors, paying them fat s a la rie s and giving them all-purpose expense accounts. 
Sen. Frank Church. D-Idaho. has or­ dered his Senate Aging Committee to investigate. 

 way to avoid confronta­ tion with humans, lim if you take a whack at one, it apparently retaliates iii self-defense. That’s when it lets you have it.” 
ALAMO 

San Antonio Express 

R id**** Mum*,, itie u g i »•«*>, lo b s, Oat awl ( S t a t e Du, .j-4 *hm p* 

 t . Cm .i f a t (Aff M n I m t O af mtmn Mw, a te * 
Hwauyf. a , q im 

 a4 im a Hon a u f h J t t . CN.»*m«, O af. N m 
, O ar M u un it 
(wad 

B r T h # ( a p r * * * N e a t C S x p u o tiO n 
ROte. *1/1 fe*. 
Uhm /tv 
(ato n al C ia ,. Ruu«w> R » o rn 
SHp* 

Pieta) m Id b *"#1# mf J # 4m to**tit IIM *, sa* to* g 
RA NuifV i UR (NRU lump* «Nf*ho 

AN LBRiii 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RAUS 

OTHER STATH 

 ii tv i* *» 
»4 41 l l I t 

I t » t ll 4o 

 it* it 
I I L l l 

■ofanrfoa. WPS*#*# loate, I Vt ii rn < 

Alamo had fallen and the men p e r­ ished. These heroes died for freedom and justice — ideals they have given us,” White reemphasized . 
“ The men who fought here had an honest faith and zeal in the heritage of this state. This faith and zeal impels us, retrospectively and prospectively, to carry out the principles entrusted to us for future generations.” 
" I t is the fu lfillm en t of one to complement the other,” he said. 
Struggle 
White emphasized the struggle for liberty aud justice is not over, "as long as we continue with uur lives to care and have faith in our stale, country aud 
White House.” 
“ Today, as we remember the Alamo we look with pride aud humility on the battle-weary men who defended it,” he said, 
" I t was th eir com m on love for a great land that inspired them to fight for a land they hived and for a heller world ” 

“ It is because of this kind of inspir­ ation that our future holds as much prom ise as our past holds g lo ry ," 
White concluded. 
After White’s speech, buglers of the 
F T th L’.S. A rm y Band p e rfo rm e d la p s’ as the audience listened and eyes became focused on the flickering candles. 
S(‘holundii|> judging 

Judging for scholarships for distri­ butive education students will be held ut the Old San Francisco Steak House un March 3o. rile judging will in* done hy the sari 
Antonio Distributive Education Scho­ larship Trust Fund lum nuttee, said 
Mary louise Bruendic. president 
Students will Im* judged on abilitv, need. dress, manner and knowledge of free enterprise. 
One scholarship of I!.out), two of lint) and six of $25o will Im* awarded 
The c ity w id e b an q u et to ra ise scholarship tunds is planned for Apili 
2< at the (o n vent nm Center. 

 f r e s h B o h e e l 
. B R O W N IES d o i e n , r e g , $ 1 . 2 o . 
99 i i r 
T_ r —r 

Council vote on growth sketch key to master plan 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
A clear indication of what future impact the City Master Plan will have on San Antonio’s growth will come 
Thursday when City Council votes on an endorsement of the plan's residen­ tial growth sketch. 
But this test will not come from vot­ ing on just the growth sketch itself. 
(The residential growth sketch pro­ jects where the city should plan for new housing to be built until the year 
2oo(1. It is the first step in the City 
Master Plan.) 
A background issue accompanying the vote on the sketch makes the vote important. 
The issue is whether to extend sewer services to the Western Hills subdi­ vision. planned for one mile north of the University of Texas at San Antonio. 
113 acres 
The 113-acre subdivision is outside both city limits and the city’s sewer service area. But m ore im po rtant, subdivision housing is not projected in that area on the growth sketch map. 

Western Hills is to be located over the Edwards aquifer recharge zone, where only scattered housing is being projected. 
"If we allow this sort of thing to take place, we m ay as well throw the growth sketch in the waste basket,” said City Planning Commissioner .Jack 
Devore recently. 
At the same time, Devore said he did not want a sewage tre a tm en t plant built in the area independent of the city sewage system. 
Growth sketch 
Ten days ago, the City P lan n in g 
Commission delayed its recommenda­ tion to council on whether to extend a 
•sewer main to Western Hills pending council's vote on the growth sketch. lf council’s faith and support are expressed Thursday, the commission could very well recom mend denying 

J. the sewer service or! the basis of the growth sketch, which City Planning 
Dir. Bob Hunter has recommended. 
Council asked for the recommenda­ tion on the Western Hill’s sewer re­ quest from the planning commission last 
D e c e m b e r b ecau se council m embers knew approval of any such request would affect the master plan. 
They also deferred the Western Hills request because it is a politically hot issue, one which will make enemies regardless of what the decision is. 
It is so controversial, apparently, that the c o m m issio n , in effect, is sending it back to council. The vote on the master plan will give them a basis for action, so m eth in g the c o m m is­ sioners said they have needed for some time. 
“ I feel like we’ve been working in a vacuum,” Devore said. As a result, the commission has acted reluctantly on 

D ave Burney discovers his Irish setter 
Brackenridge Park Su n d ay afternoon ... m a k e s a ch allen gin g Frisbee partner in 

 some issues, like Western Hills. 
In a way, using the council vine on the growth sketch as a sewer policy guide is a risk. At stake is the growth sketch itself, which is the framework for the y et-com pleted City M aster 
Plan. 
But if council rejects the growth sketch Thursday on the basis of the 
Western Hills case, the commissioners will have to confront the implications 
— if their m aster plan is not used now in the Western Hills case, it will not be seriously used in the future. 
Even the City Public Works Depart­ ment set's the bind the City Planning 
Commission is in. 
In a memo to Hunter. Asst. Public 
Works Dir. Mel Sueltenfuss said he would concur if the commission voted to deny the Western Hills sewer con­ tract. 
However, if the area will develop despite no city sewer service, the city would be best served by extending sewer lines to Western Hills, Suelten­ fuss said. 
Why? 
Sueltenfuss said the private sewer system which would have to serve the subdivision might eventually have to be purchased if the area is annexed by the city at a negotiated price, including 
.a large portion of its bond debt. 
Uncertain 

Will that area be annexed? Commis­ sioners have said that is impossible to predict. 
And will a private sewer system be built and Western Hills along with it if city sew er lines a re not m ad e available? 
The d ev elo p er. C h a rles K up er, could, but in the case of a private sewer plant, the Texas Water Quality 
Board will require strict and costly treatm en t requirem ents, since Wes­ tern Hills is located over the recharge zone. 
The test com es T h u rsd a y . With 
W estern H ills in the b a c k g ro u n d , council’s vote will not be just a go­ ahead signal to the planning commis­ sion. 
It also will have an immediate, dir­ ect effect on deciding a utility exten­ sion policy, which must be consistent if the City M aster Plan is going to be worth the paper it is written on. 
Coordination lack 

A final note: 
The Western Hills case is an exam ­ ple of the present lack of coordination among the different utility extension 

SA N A N TO N IO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 I 977 
H 

Dear 
Doctor: 
Enclosed is a bill for $8o2.35 

STAM PHOTOS BV STI Vt CAMPBEII p o l i c i e s . 
Jobs in rural areas pushed 

Bv BIEL CUNNINGHAM 
ACRlCUUORt EDITOR 
The nation m ust e x ­ plore creation of jobs in rural areas us vigorously as in urban areas, U.S. 
Secretary of Labor Ray 
Marshall said Sunday at the national convention ol the F arm ers Union. 
The 75th annual con­ vention of the group met at the San Antonio Con­ vention Center banquet hall Sunday. Sessions will c o n tin u e th ro u g h 
Wednesday. t 
Marshall stressed the need for the departments of labor and agriculture to work together “ to bat­ tle unemployment.” 
Policy mesh lie e x p la in e d , ‘‘The policies of the two d e ­ p a rtm e n ts need to be meshed so that as many 
A m erican s as possible can live the kind of life they want. W e’re a big co u n try . 
A m e ric a n s should be ab le to find jobs in all parts of it.” 
A pplause brok e out when he said. “ I think it is time that we had a se­ cretary of labor who also paid atten tio n to ru ral problems.” 
More applause resulted when he uddded, “ aud I think it is time we had a secretary of agriculture who also paid attention lo rural problems." 
Marshall stressed mal ru ra l and u rb a n p ro b ­ lem s have been linked closely. 

‘‘Today, it is going to be a difficult task to find enough jobs in our urban centers to bring u n em ­ ployment down from the unacceptable rate of 7.5 per cent. That s why we must explore job creation in rural areas as vigor­ ously as we se a rc h for new m e a n in g fu l and productive jobs in our great cities*” he said. 
Internal trouble 
U.S. Rep. Los Aspin 
(D-Wisc.) toldjthe dele­ gates to the convention that d e m o c ra c y is in trouble not so much from 
Russia as from the ina­ bility of democracies to deal with their own in­ ternal problems. 
In an e a r lie r press conference Rep. Aspin said this C on gress in g enu inely con cern ed about d ro u g h t and w ea th e r c o n d itio n s a f ­ fecting agriculture and is ready to help those in agriculture. 
“ We m ust have price floors under world prices as well as u n d e r U.S. farm prices,” Tony De* ahunt, national Farm ers 
Union president, said in his annual report to the membership. 
T h e m e of his rep o rt was "The Global Age ol 
Agriculture.” 
D echan t said . “ My friends, agriculture is at a time of crisis. The sur­ vival of the independent ow ner-operator hangs in the balance. 

“ We must expect — we must demand — that our friends go with us in our search for ju stice . We have walked the last mile a time or two with many of them. Now it is their turn. Real friendship is a two-way partnership.” 
He went on to point out a g ric u ltu ra l p ro d u c e rs have c o o p e ra te d w ith consumers, environmen­ talists, organized labor and business leaders in the past. 
Former 
Texas 
Sen. 
Ralph Yarborough spoke briefly Sunday afternoon, saying the 
F a r m e r s 
Union had backed him in the past and that lie had backed them. 

:.yr; 

Donna Puckett has struck a blow for doctors* patients everywhere. 
Mrs. P u c k e tt, a C hattanooga, 
Tenn., housew ife recently spent three hours w aitin g to see her daughter's pediatrician. 
When she got home, she sent the doctor a bill for her time, trouble and patience. 
The C hattanoo ga N ew s-F ree 
Press heard about it and printed an itemized copy of the statement. 
Mrs. Gerald Steiner, a native of 
San Antonio now living in Chattan­ ooga, clipped the article and sent it to us. 
We read it, chuckled for IO min­ utes and decided it w as w orth sharing with you. 
Three hours 
Dear Doctor: (Name withheld) 
I hope you don’t think I am send­ ing you this sta te m e n t with any hostility just because I got out of my death-bed and brought my daughter 
Mary to your office to have her stitches removed, and then waited 
THREE HOURS. 
On the contrary, time flies when one is in a semi-coma. 
Suffice it to say -r- business is business, and I am sure you would be the first to agree that a mother’s time does have some value. 

Item I — My hourly wages: $2o (or 
$oo for three hours) 
My husband would say this figure is a little steep for watching tele­ vision and drinking coffee. How­ ever, I am going to stick with it. 
After all, you w ouldn’t want a bunch of cheap patients loitering around your w aiting room hour after hour...after hour...after hour- 
...after hour....... 
Small price 
Item 2 — Preventive medicine: 
$;»o 
Phis is a small price to pay for avoiding an epidemic. Due to my contagious condition, I sat in the hall and not in your waiting room. 
I counted, roughly, 25 patients; so this is definitely a conservative es­ timate. 

Item 3 — Spinal damage: $5oo 
Sitting on those horrible benches in the hall caused a disabling (and I am sure, permanent) curvature of the spine. 

Being a doctor, you probably feel this figure is too low. I look at it this way: 
A. The spine has been used. 
B. It is 4o years old. 
C. I w asn’t too crazy about the way I walked before. 
$1o per hour 
Item 4 — Education: $oo 
Tennessee spends approximately 
$1o per hour, per child, for educa­ tion. And two of my children were not there y este rd a y for T H R E E 
HOURS. 
I don’t feel guilty accepting this money, With a sore, aching throat I read aloud (three times) the entire book, “ Muggzy Chases a Stick.” 
I realize my teen-ager didn’t get much out of it, but my little one certainly acquired some knowledge of our canine friends at play. 

Item 5 — Consultations: $125 
I don’t know w hat you fellows charge for consultations, but I be­ lieve this is fair. 
I saw five of your patients. Two of them I cured completely and sent them on their way. I ag ree with your d ia g n o sis on two o th e rs. 
Therefore you may proceed with surgery. 
I didn t think the other case was in your field, so I sent him to an 
Osteopath. 

Item 6 — McDonald's: $7.35 
B ecause I d id n ’t have tim e to prepare dinner, we ate at McDon­ ald’s. Don’t quibble about this one, doctor; we could have gone to the 
Black Angus. 

Total — $8o2.35 
You will note that I didn't charge you for the 3o m in u te s I sp e n t shaking hands when I left the life­ long friends I made while waiting in your office. 
Nor did I c h a rg e you for the depreciation on my car. But you really should pay for the ticket I received for abandoning my car on a private lot. 
Now* be a good sport and pay up in 
3o days, or I will be forced to turn this a c co u n t over to th e AMA 
C ollecto rs A ssociation . As you know, when those turkeys get after you — you’ve had it! 

Respectfully yours, 

Donna D. Puckett 

HIS D O G m ay not be very ao o d at grab b in g high throw s, but when Red sinks his teeth on a low one . . . 

Cats stirring college fuss 

MIAMI — Administra­ tors and students at a lo­ cal com m unity college are skirmishing over the protection of cats found abandoned on campus. 
The school lias placed 
Humane Society-provid­ ed tra p s aro u n d the 
185-acre ca m p u s in an attempt to rid the school of the cats. But students, under cover of darkness, have been de-baiting the traps. 
A stu d e n t-c irc u la te d petition criticizes “ the m urder of the few cats left on cam pus” and de­ m ands the rem ov al of one associate dean. 
Students claim that most of the cats caught by the traps eventually are killed by the Humane 
Society. 

The roster Road bridge over ih iq east of 
San 
Antonio is closed 
N orthb ound and southb ound la n e * on l o t / a m o r a S tre e t 

 between New Lared o H igh wav an d C entennial Street w ill be dosed . Southbound traffic will d e to u r at C e n te n n ia l to the southbound lane on 
Laredo 
Highw ay 
Northbound traffic on M orsund 
Boulevard between Ashley and 
Ansley streets will be detoured 
Traffic will turn on Ashley Street east to P le a sa n to n R oo d and then north Southbound tropic on 
M orsund wilt detour on Gleason ton Road to A sh le y Rood and west on Ashley back to M orsund 
On the west side of Son Pedro 
A venue. J a c k so n K e lle r R o a d will be open but O blate D riv e win be closed 
One lone ot westbound traffic on IH4IQ will be closed in the vlctnty of M cCullough Avenue 
W orkers in mass rally 

TOKYO (A1‘ ) - More than 24.o(H) workers and housew ives staged a m ass rally in a Tokyo park and m a rc h e d through the streets Sun­ day calling for h ig h er 

 wages and an end to in­ flation. No incidents were red ried . 
The ratty w as o rg a n ­ ized by several trade un­ ions and labor fe d e ra ­ tions 

865CTBandora Road 

S t. A u g u s tin * (C a r p e r ) 
_ % 
G R A S S . PUU PALLIT . . 
O d h f t 
LISS THAN A PUU P>AUIT........................9 7 
8 f 4 n o t AT A M fu ll’ A U H 
1 . 3 9 , , rd 

U M THAM A fU U f A illt . . . , . ............ 
! rd ll Vt OAK TR H S Sw»fk, ievSi*. i triple t iM * 
.......... f I 2 3 <nH ep. 

- I v- y- 
M rn 

Box or mn it hoi: 
Carlton is lowest. 

Look ac clit* latest U.S. Government 
I i lh ires tor other top brands that eall themselves‘low " in tar. 

Brand D 
■ 
o9 
Brand D Menthol ii 
o 8 
Brand V Menthol 
11 

_ 
_ 

Brandy____________ 
1 o 
o7 
Brand M Menthol a 
- 
o.5 
Brand M 
o5 
Carlton Soft Pack 
I 
S I 
Carlton Menthol lefts than 1 
o.1 
Carlton Box 
A,. MU r^ifANA Pw e r r rn*!** less than *1 
*o.1 

I asks than I mg. tar. 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Coto# Visit Cur Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with mweryday "fARM FO YOU “ 
PttlCiS And SA Vi It 

ORCH Dally B-7 PM . 
6B 4-211o 

Warning: The Surgeon General Ha$ Determined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health 

Soil Pack and Menthol I mg “tat”, OI mg nmuUt# ae pa' iguana. FTC Raped OIC 78 Bot I mg tar'*, 
OI mg nicotine ae pot ogatatu fey FIC marted 

___ 
• • . the gam # turns into a chaft# — an d Burney m oat* HU m atch 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 1977 

 rn 

' ' < " > i 
& f?t/' 

 i 

-J# ;. • 

 rn t 
Wv&Bfo vBM twi:-, ■ Sss:f*.mWm 
/jT * ^ f 
I 
#... 
.'J r 
* 
«**■**» f r 

■ 
. 
■€■• ■ ■ 
- 
/ - -vW-.T: • ■>- 
<: * 
J 
' ■ : :5i:i. 
* * 
' ** 
»* ?M:.£k 
“ A , " i 

 sU ',• f: :• :• . ' $ § r ’’:*t3Bg$S£ & ::' ■’:: i ;.&+XSM 
?i'K t $ , fc. 
? * 
' j 
JJ 

 i i i 

Sir: 

Iii 

•:«N 

HARDWARE... 
A dash of shimmery gold sparkles like sun on water on our CatalinaK maillot 

Look like a sun goddess by the pool or on the beach. 

This second skin Antron* nylon-Lycra® spandex 

 swimsuit fits sleek and smooth. The gathered bodice 

 is held by a U-shape clasp that adds a lot of shape 

 and shine. Straps can be tied or criss-crossed in 

 back. Sizes 8-14, in black or sienna. 2S.oo. Swim­ 

 wear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin 

Highland Mall. Charge it! 

JOSKE’S am A UNIT or ALU ID STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAYI 

7o handicapped children turned up by canvassers 

To hove your problem' solved or a ques- lion answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, TX 78297. 
Bag o f air? 

For years now I have been a potato chip freak. 
In the last few months or so, I have noticed a definite decrease in the amount of chips in the bags of a leading manufacturer while at the same time the prices have been raised. 
What is the policy here? Do they just randomly fill empty bags by the handful? It seems to me they are just pumping these bags with air so they look full. 
I am well aware of Inflation, but I have bought my last bag of air for 2o cents. 
D. B. 

More than 
7o han­ dicapped children not in school have been found by Child Find canvassers in an intensive house- to-house.search of San 
Antonio’s West Side. 
The search was com­ pleted this week. The 
Child Find project was directed by Region 2o’s 
Education Service Center as part of a state-wide program. 
The project was creat­ ed to find all handi­ capped children not in school and assist public schools in providing an appropriate education for them. 
Some 5,ooo children have been found in Texas since the project began in 
March of 1976. Nearly 8oo 

 handicapped children have been located in the 
14 counties served by 
Region 2o. 

The West Side canvas covered 15,ooo homes during the eight week survey. 

Two Brentwood Junior 
High School students have won first place in the male and female di- 
Specialist gets service award 

The production mana­ ger at this particu­ lar brand's manufactur­ ing center said the bags are filled by weight and not by volume. 
Each 2o cent bag con­ tains 1.25 ounces, “ or more,” the manager said. 
“ There is no way we can measure a weight exactly 1.25 ounces,” he said. ‘‘We aim above that 

 to make sure we hit a minimum of 1.25 ounces per bag.” 
The manager also said there had been no recent increase, lie said the last increase (from 15 cents a bag to 2o cents a bag) was over a year and a half ago. 
‘‘The increase was due to the price of commo­ dities and the rising la­ bor costs,” the produc­ tion manager said. 

Grande vs. Bravo 
I recently learned that the Rio Grande (“Big 
River” ) is known by that name in the United States only. 
In Mexico, the border river with Texas is known as the Rio Bravo (“Fierce River” ). Is this true? 
If so, how did the different names evolve? 
I know that the Danube meanders through several countries in Europe but it is known by that name only. 
R.G. 
That river has had more than two names, said George Carmack. 
Carmack and his wife 
Bonnie travel over Texas and northern Mexico and chronicle their exper­ iences for the Express- 
News. 
‘‘The official maps of the United States call It the Rio Grande,” Car­ mack said. ‘‘And the of­ ficial maps of Mexico call it the Rio Bravo del 
Norte.” 
“ Hammond’s Atlas plays no favorites though. The north bank carries the name Rio 
Grande. Right under this name on the south bank in Rio Bravo,” Carmack said. 
Through history, how­ ever, the river has been known, by several names, 
Carmack said. 
The first Europeans to see the river were the 
Spaniards on Lt. Alvarez de Pineda’s 1519 expedi­ tion. 
“It is believed Pineda named this river Rio de las Palmas,” Carinack said. Rio de las Palmas 

 means river of the palms. 
Later, when Spain con­ trolled the land all along the river, it had three names at the same time. 
Spanish New Mexico called it Rio del Norte because It was to the north of the territory. 
In the El Paso area, It was called the 
Rio 
Grande, the name the explorer Onate gave it in 
1598. 
The Spaniards on the lower stretches of the river called it Rio Bravo, 
Carmack said. 
Eventually, people on the north side of the river came to call it the Rio 
Grande and people on the south side called It the combined name of Rio 
Bravo del Norte, often shortened to Rio Bravo. 
“Contrary to popular belief, though, the term 
Bravo did not come from the fierceness of the river,” Carmack said. 
“ It came from the number of indians,” he said. “A great many In­ dian braves nsed to Inha­ bit the area.” 

Joseph E. Sapp, man­ agement specialist at 
H eadquarters 
Fifth 
Army, Ft. Sam Houston, has been presented with a service certificate and pin for 45 years federal service. 
Leonard Leos, heating systems specialist, has been named the Civil 
Engineer’s Employe of the Month at Kelly AFB. 
Charles R. Lowe, chief of the 
Logistics 
Management Division, and James E. Doster, quality assurance spe­ cialist, have received the 
Air 
Force 
Logistics 
Command Award for 
Significant Achievement at Kelly AFB. 
Larry D. Peche, out­ patients record clerk at 
Brooke Army Medical 
Center, has been official­ ly commended for his outstanding performance from December 1975 to 
December 1976. 
John M. Ivy, con- 

Dog show 

Friday rn 

The San Antonio Com­ bined Specialty Club will hold its second annual dog show Friday at the 
Sheep Barn, Joe Free­ man Coliseum. Show hours begin at noon. 
Collies, 
English 
Springer Spaniels, Irish 
Setters, Poodles, and 
Weimaraners will be ex­ hibited. 
All ages will be there, from puppy to nationally known champion, com­ peting for top prizes. 
Admission is free and the public is invited. For more information call 
Ora 
Mae 
Ferguson, 
698-2248. 

 struction m anagement chief of the Brooks AFB 
Civil Engineering Di­ vision, has completed a contract m anagem ent course at the Air Force 
Institute of Technology in 
Ohio. 
Sheryl L. Garzouie of the Directorate of Per­ sonnel and Community 
Activities and 
Jose B. 
Martinez Jr. of the office of the comptroller have received outstanding performance ratings at 
Ft. Sam Houston. 
Six civilians at Ft. Sam 
Houston have been re­ cognized for 2o or more years of service. They are: Reuben Rome, Tony 
Ackermann, Juan M. 
Cano, Leonard L. Denyer and Jose R. Flores. 

 visions of the Pan Amer­ ican Optimist Club Ora­ tory Contest. 
Eighth-graders Alfred 
Reyes and Joyce Lyn 
Hurst spoke on indivi­ dualized topics concern­ ing the Optimists' annual theme; “ Together We 
Will.” 
Brentwood speech coach Odes Brown su­ pervised the two students during their preparation for the contest. 
Cadet Roy M. Conrad has been named to the 
Superintendent’s List for outstanding academ ic achievement and m ili­ tary performance at the 
U.S. Air Force Acad- memy in Colorado. 
Conrad, a Judson High 
School graduate, is the son of Mrs. Marjorie F. 
Conrad of San Antonio. 

East Side 

William M. Candle,,. - a San Antonio ROTC stu? dent at St. Mary’s Uni­ versity, has been desig­ nated a distinguished m ilitary graduate for 
1976-77. 
The son of Mr. and 
Mrs. William Candless of 
San Antonio, Candless completed degree re ­ quirements for a bache­ lor of arts in political 
.science and received a commission as second lieutenant in the Army. 

Hearing on public funds set 

A public hearing to discuss 
H arlandale 
School District’s applica­ tion for continued federal education support for part of the bilingual edu* cation program will be held Tuesday. 
The meeting will begin at 4 p.m. in Harlandale 
High School’s audio-’ visual room. 
The new application is expected to request 
$88,748 to provide a bi- 
. lingual dem onstration problem s eyed program at the first 
* 
J grade level in schools where the program al­ ready is in operation. 
The presentation will be made by Lydia M. 
Calonge, Title VII coor­ dinator. 

Street drainage will be among the discussion to­ pics when Mayor Lila 
Cockrell and other city officials will meet with 
East Side citizens at 7:3o p.m. Monday at St. Phil­ lip’s Church, 131o Pecan 
Valley Dr. 
The meeting was called by Residents Organized for Better and Beautiful 
The San Antonio Re- 
Environmental Develop- tired Teachers Assn. will mom. meet at 1:3o p.m. March 
ROBBED will ask that ie at Villa Tranchese, 3o7 drainage, streets with Marshall St. curbs, and sidewalks be 
A social hour will fol- provided and vacant lots low the meeting. Mrs. problems be resolved on Anna Lee Potts is hos­ tile East Side. tess. 

Teachers 
Assn. m eets 

SALE 

Rifle parts 
Do you know of a gunsmith in this area who would have or could reproduce parts for a rifle I have come across? 
It is a Remington .22 short, long or long rifle, pump action, straight stock, octagon barrel, model 
12A rifle. 
Imprinted on top of the barrel is, ‘‘Remington 
Arms, Union Metallic Cartridge Co., Remington 
Works, Ilion, N.Y., U.S.A.” 
It also says, “ Pedersen’s Patents, Jan. 5, 19o9, 
Oct. 12, 19o9, March 9, 191o, Nov. 21, 1911, and April 
16, 1912.” 
The part needed might be called a breech block. It contains the ejector and firing pin. 
The serial number of the rifle is R.W. 155578. 
Thank you for any help. 
Mrs. J. H. S. 

Don Bottoms, guns­ mith at Don’s Gun Sales and Shop, 3329 Freder­ icksburg Rd., 736-1796, said it was an old gun that “ hasn’t been made in years.” 
He said he would be able to fit It with some parts and reproduce others. 

“But I don’t think she would want me to repro­ duce the entire breech bolt,” he said. “ She could buy a couple of ri­ fles for that price.” 
Bottoms said he would be happy to look at the rifle and see what sped fie parts are needed if you take it by the shop. 

Reading classes 
In an Action-Express in November you quoted the going rate for tutors at $1o.59 per hour. 
My family has just moved to the United States from another country, and although my children have done well in other subjects, they are a little slow in reading. 
They have been tutored for over a month now, but 
I was wondering if there was some type of program that I could enroll them in for reading enrichment. 
The summer will be here soon and I thought some camps or community centers would have reading classes for children in elementary’, junior and senior high school. 
Thank you for any help in advance. 
Mrs. E. L. K. 

BED 
Sturdy metal Unit A 2 quality m a H rtiM i, tucks aw ay aasilyl 
WITHOUT ENOS 
»129“ 
WITH FINISHED ENDS *239” 

 u t 

Bedding Co. 

Open Mon. lh™ Fit I-SJO PJL-Sot 8 LM. lo 12 Noon 
4915 McCullough, 6 Wk*. N. of Olmos Dr. 
9244)2o1 
USY TERMS! 

AU INNER SPRING CONSTRUCTION 

► KING SET ,.$1 9 9 5o 

► QUEEN SET $1 6 9 So 

► DOUBLE SET. $9 9 So 

► TWIN SET....$8 9 5o 

Our Lady al the Lake 
Campus Reading Center la providing Individua­ lized reading instruction for children from kin­ dergarten through high school now. 
“The service Is availa­ ble (rom 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. for a very reasona­ 

 ble fee,” said Sister 
Mary Viola, C. D. P., as­ sociate director of the center. 
The reading center Is at SIS S.W 24th St.. Just south of the main chape! at OLLUSA. For further information, call Sister 
Agues Celine at 435 7896. 

HEALTH NUTS CELEBRATE BUILDING 
NEW FITNESS CENTER, B y OFFERING 
FIRST 1oO TO ENROLL— 
SAVE * 144°° 

The Health Nuts are celebrating the opening of their new million-dollar San Antonio fitness center. Don t miss this terrific opportunity to enroll on our lowest celebration prices ever, plus a chance at winning one of these great prizes__ 

REGISTER TO WIN THESE PRIZES! 

 lit PRIZE: 1977 DUNE BUGGY 
2nd PRIZE: COLOR T.V. 
3rd PRIZE: 2-1o SPEED 
BICYCLES 

That's naht! International Spa s Fitness Center is having a pre-opening celebration and you're invited to participate with no j . , 
, 
4 obligation. If you re 21 or over, just visit us at 8757 Wurzbnch Bond and take advantage of your chance to win any one of these great prizes - to be r a v e n away at our Grand Opening' 
91 en 
PLUS-1ooo FREE 2-WEEK MEMBERSHIP! 
PRELIMINARY DRAWINGS TO BE HELD EACH WEEK! 

Call or visit us todayI 
INTERNATIONAL 
SPA FITNESS CENTERS 
THE HEALTH NUTS 
FACILITIES FOR MEN & WOMEN 

8757 WURZBACH RD. 
699.3o3o 

 lf you need an extra room, a new kitdien.or other improvements, talk to 

S A N A N T O N IO EXPR ESS— 
M o n d ay M arch 7 1 9 7 7 

 ma A UNIT OF ALI I ED STORES 

BU ILD IN G a fire is no problem for Jackson M iddle School students Patricia Duniven, K arin Orr, Jim m y Fowler and 
Sam Ribak 
Students like outdoors class 
AFTER a course in O u td o o r Educa­ tion at Jackson M id d le School ty ­ ing a knot is no problem for Karin 
Orr 

 out N a'" 1 
^ 
V A * n • 
T: our man 

 aTV 

 l e a t h e r 

, n a u t c o 

O U T D O O R Education instructor M ik e Lane, right, helps 
Jim m y Fow ler turn an old spoon into a fishing lure 
Quake deaths hit 6oo m ark 

IIM) injured. 
Bucharest, a city of 1.5 million. i> about 12o miles south of the Friday quake's epicenter in the Transylv anion 
Alps and uas apparently the scene a! tile heavlest damage. 
T h e earthquake struck about D M p.m. Friday night and its force was measured at 7.2 on the K id d er scale, m aking it one of the strongest ever recorded in Furope. 
Agerpress. the stat** news agency, said 2,HOO a p a r tm e n ts had been evacuated a s w orkers continu ed t o search debris for victims 
P re s id e n t N icolae t'e a u s e s c u in ­ spected ruins iii Bucharest and, after 
In* found that a new computer center and It) wrecked apartment houses had been poorly built, demanded an. inves­ tigation “ for the guilty to lo* m ost severely held responsible." Agerpress said. 
The Romanian quake was the latest in a series of earthquakes which had a lre a d y tak en so m e 4,(inn l i v e s i i i southern Europe since last May 
Save 15% to 5o% on our entire stock of luxury furs 

We have moved our entire stock of fine quality furs to one convenient location and reduced them to the lowest prices of the season. Now is the time to take advantage of our fabulous sale. Many are one-of-a-kind, so hurry! Fur Salon, North Star only. 
Here’s a sampling of our savings! 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink cape, reg. 75o.oo 
599.oo 
Natural Cerulean* mink Va coat, reg. 16oo.oo ............................. 
999.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink and leather pant coat, reg. 8oo.o9 
. 4oo.oo 
Natural blue fox jacket, reg. 9oo.oo 
649.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink stroller, reg. 28oo.oo 
1849.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink stroller, reg. 2ooo.oo 
1599.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape jacket, reg. 12oo.oo 
959.oo 
Natural red fox cape, reg. 4oo.oo 
.............................................................. 199.9o 
Color added ranch mink full length coat, reg. 48oo.oo ................... 3599.oo 
Natural Shadow* mink Va coat, reg. 28oo.oo ....................................... 1959.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink full length coat, reg. 36oo.oo 
2799.oo 
Natural Cerulean* mink cape, reg. 1ooo.oo 
. 799.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink stole, reg. 8oo.oo 
......................... 7. . . 649.oo 
Natural ranch mink Va coat, reg. 28oo.oo .............................................. 1999.oo 
Natural Lunaraine* mink stroller, reg. 28oo.oo 
. ........... 1989.oo 
Natural rabbit pant coat, reg. 2oo.oo ....................................................... 149.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink and leather pant coat, reg. 95o.oo 
. 799.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape, reg. 9oo.oo 
699.oo 
Dyed Broadtail processed lamb with dyed mink trim, reg. 115o.oo 959.oo 
Natural Lunaraine* mink coat, reg. 38oo.oo ....................................... 2699.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink side Va coat, dyed fox collar, reg, 95o.oo .................... 
759.oo 
All items listed subject to prior sale. 
All fur products labeled to show country ot origin of imports furs, 
*T1UI P M u A 

F o x Tech students win 
NASA writing awards 

 paper, " L e a d Paint in 
People 
— 
Is it 
H arm ful?" 
The symposium drew 
38o students from nine 
Texas school districts in­ cluding SASH , Austin, 
F o rt W o rth , H ou ston, 
G a lv e s to n , 
P a s a d e n a , 
Port Arthur, Tyler and 
Victoria. 
A p p ro x im a te ly 
4o science papers were sub­ mitted from the nine dis­ tricts. 

The National Aeronau­ tics and Space Adminis­ tration has awarded top scientific writing awards to two Fox T ech High 
School students. 

T h e two young m en were among 4o outstand­ ing m ath and s c ie n c e stud ents from San An­ tonio School District high schools who attended a 

NASA Symposium at the 
Johnson Space Center in 
Houston. 

N guyen Mank T u n g was awarded one of two first-p la ce aw ards p re ­ sented at the symposium for his science paper en­ titled "C a n You Count the Elements in the Set of 
Rational Numbers?*’ 

J a v ie r M edrano won one of two second-place awards presented for his 

GUARANTY 
FEDERAL SAVINGS 

119 E. Tw it, The Milam Building / 225-1551 
4189 Naco Perrin Blvd. I 656-o2o2 

YOU CAN STILL REGISTER FOR CONTINUING 
EDUCATION AT ST. MARY’S UNIVERSITY 
Club to award two 
$ 5 o o scholarships 

The Lackland A F B O fficers’ W ives’ Club will award two $5oo scholarships to high school seniors this spring. 
Applicants must Im* a high school senior and a dependent of a regular or associate m em ber of the club for not less than three months prior to the deadline. 
Financial need is not a selection factor. 
The Bexar County Scholarship Clearing House will handle applications and final selection of the win­ ners. 
Eligible students may apply by writing Roger 
Billow, Counselor of the B exar County Scholarship 
Clearing House, 2o1 North St. M ary ’s S t., San 
Antonio, Tex. 78*2o5. 

Mar. 5 — Spanish 
M ar. 8 — Russian 

M ar. 7 — W orking W om an 
M ar. 9 — Art 

Mar. 7 — Real bstate 
M ar. 9 — Persian 

Mar. 8 — Basic Drafting 
Mar. IO — Religious Issues 

REGISTER from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. by phoneing 436-3321. 

There is no penalty for late registration which continues until the se 

 cond session of a class. Write or phone for a complete brochure. 

Poge 
6-A 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy Morch 7 1977 
I i i 1 1 I I I T 1 1 1 1 1 1 m 
I M I T T U L 
CARPET 

REMNANT SALE 
FOR 
VANS-CAMPERS 
HOMES - MOTELS 
BUSINESS ETC. 
ALL SIZES 

SO. YD. 

Am in predicts Carter will be his friend 

KAMPALA, Uganda (AP) — Ugan­ dan President Idi Amin said Sunday he wanted the United States to reopen its embassy in Kampala and he predicted that President Carter will be “ one of my best friends.” 
In his first meeting with U.S. corre­ spondents since his dispute with W a­ shington over the 24o Americans living 

 in U ganda, Amin said he had both friends and enem ies in the U.S. Cen­ tral Intelligence Agency. 
“ Some of the top people in the CIA are my friends and some are against m e,” he told correspondents from The 
Associated Press, CBS and NBG in a meeting at his presidential lodge. 
“ I like C arter as a person.” Amin 

 said, “ but I don’t think he understands m e or even Africa. He doesn’t know 
African policy and only follows reports from exiles.” 
Amin said that Ugandan refugees, who have crossed into Kenya and Tan­ zania with stories of governm ent m as­ sacres of Christians and Amin’s oppo­ nents, “ are speaking bad things about 

 m e to get m oney from the n ew ­ spapers.” 
Refugees from Uganda have said hundreds of Amin’s political opponents were slain last month after an alleged coup attem pt. Amin charged that the effort to overthrow his governm ent was backed by the United States. B ri­ tain and Israel. 
________ _ 

SO. YD. 

VALUES UP TO $ 1 7 .9 9 SO. YD. 
THIS IS A SUPER BARGAIN! 
GRAND OPENING SPECIAL 
SOUTHSIDE STORE ONLY 

ARMSTRONG & CoNGoLEUM 

NO WAX VINYL FLOOR COVERING 
•I** 
SO. YD. 
TO SA99 

U S Q . YD. 

H h 
* 
VALUES UP IO $ 1o.95 

THESE ARE FULL ROLLS— NO REMNANTS 

PRE-FINISHED WOOD PANELING 
HUNDREDS OF PANELS TO CHOOSE FROM 
BIRCH . . . OAK 
PECAN . . . ELM 
WALNUT . 
. 
. 
4 X8- 
W ITH AD ONLY 
$ 5 « 

EACH 

FLOOR TILE 
DRY BACK 
45 IN BOX 
1 2 " x l 2 " 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIAL 
* 6 95 

BOX 

ARMSTRONG 

VINYL ABESTOS TILE 
PEEL AND STICK 
45 PIECES 12"xl2" 
REG. $17.95 BOX 
$11 
95 

BO X 

COMMERCIAL 
RUBBER BACK 
CARPET 

SO. TD.I 
R IG . 5.49 

M YD. 

NI-LOW 
1oo% NYLON 
SHAG 

REG. $9.93 
SO. TD. f i g 
SO. YR. 

HUNDREDS OF ROLLS TO CHOO 
> 

M 
M 
H 

SHEET ROCK l l 5 9 
...... I 
EACH 

» 
! • * 

VV’ 4-FooTx8 FOOT.. . 

V t” 4-FOOTx8 FOOT....................... 

SHEETROCK JOINT CEMENT 
* 2 * * 25 6 

EACH 

ENT 

WHIT! ANO MgTCgOM 

....................................BAG 
$ K O M 5 GAL 

GALLONS y 

R 
7 5 

__________ ONLY 
ALAMO CITY SALIS B pain t a r r I p ain t c ity 

G 
O 
O 
D 
Y 
E 
A 
R 
ONE-WEEK 
SPECTACULAR 

Work-Saving Values. 
...This Week Only 

15.6 cu. ft. Frost-Free 
Refrigerator-Freezer 

• Exclusive Power-Saver design 
• Spacious freezer storage area 
• Convenient glide-out rollers 
• Full width adjustable shelves 

12" Diagonal 
Measure 
Portable BAW TV 

Easy Cleaning 
3o" Electric 
Range 
$8995 $1oo95 $1oo95 
^RSF MF “o**1oo82 
I Am 
Model 1943 
I Am 4oModel4232 

• 1oo% solid-state • Built­ in antenna* Red/orange finish 

• Removable oven door 
• Tilt-lock heat elements e Recessed cooktop e Deep storage drawer 

• 2-level wash action e Soft food disposer e Easy rolling casters e Detergent dispenser 

1o" Diagonal 
Measure PortaColor TV 
*228 

 e B rillia n t co lor e »o i-o»i non UHF e In lino pictur# tub* 

Heavy-Duty 
Clothes Dryer 

Heavy-Duty 
Multi-Speed 
Washer 
*2 2 9 95 * 3 2 9 * 

19" Diagonal 
Measure Color Television 
388 

 a Automatic color control 
• Custom picture control a 1oo% »oiid-«tate 

 e End-of-cycle signal • 4 drying selections • Lint filter e Extra­ care cycle 

• Exclusive Mini-Basket for hand washables e Filter-Flo lint trap e Bleach dispenser 

Power Streak 
26" Riding 
Lawn 
Mower 

*399?? 

31/2 H.P. 22" 
Rotary 
Mower 

 leeded with Solute fea­ ture* Fun ’N Go t tort- m f. Quieti height adjust, folding handle 

$ n c 9 5 l 

I nU D R P s 225 3417 oo 

Power Streak 
2o" 
Rotary 
Lawn 
Mower 

REDUCED FOR CLEARANCE 

$oo95 
MF AF 
343 

Men’s Deluxe 26" 
1o-Speed 

~ 
* 
8 
9 
* s 

Boys & Girls 2o Hi-Ri8e 
Bikes e a r f t n r 
•SKS.,. 

DOWNTOWN Ne. I 
9o1 S. ST. MARY'S 
CORNES OF S. ALAMO 
226-3o1o 
226.1863 
OPEN SAT. 'TU 5:3o 

 lOUTHSm NO. II 
1o43 S.E. 
MILITARY DR. 
CORNER OF ROOSEVELT 

924-5621 
OPEN SAT. 'TIL 5:3o 

 lf iQ# C a ., “C h a rm * I t ” 
9 Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan # Master Charqe ju s I u / fo r y e ll 
• BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Diners Club • Carte Blanche 
G O O D Y E A R 

ENJOY 'CREDIT POWER' 
WITH YOUR OWN 
GOODYEAR REVOLVING 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

(.O U ll/ir|4 N 

DOWNTOWN 
116 L Si. Mary's 
(A l i te el Si. Mary •) 
222-1373 

FREE PARKING 

HIGHLANDS 
1346 FAM AVL 
(fair Arc- el G ent) 
534-54o$ 

NORTHSIDI 
47o2 SAN Pf ORO 
824-2371 

NORTHW EST 
ISH FRttflBQUOUtG IO 
735-6141 

NORTHWEST 

1494 H IU C IU I 
434.31o6 

DOWNTOWN 
4o1 N. ALAMO 
227-7381 

PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 rtMM-Rfim to. 
656-3111 

NORTHEAST 
DI SALAUN HWY. 
624.o2o8 

SOUTHSIDE 
IIJI S. W. tut ti UY DR. 
923.4563 

NORTHSIDI 
226 RECOR 
344-9786 

WESTSIDE 
I I H W. COMMERCf 
225-7677 

NORTHSIDI m i t e r o« 
344-9786 mm 
MRTN nu MAU 

EASTSIDE 
1o3o L COMMISCE 
225-7266 

CU#ofters you more than just LOW Prices... we guarantee every item we sell...and that's important! 
That's what Golden Service is all about. mm SPECIAL! 

BUCKET OF 
CHICKEN 
MIXED PARTS 

“ 
43 

BRIDE "A1 
LB. 

 mm SPECIAL! 

U.S. NO. 1 RUSSET 
POTATOES 
B LB. BAG 
89 

TEXAS 
ORANGES 

SWEET 
JUICY 
VALENCA 
PO U N D .. 
15c 

 r n 
CHECKERBOARD FORM 
Cornish Hens 
22-OZ. SIZE 
«99‘ 

SPECIAL! 

JOHNSON’S DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS 

SPECIAL! ■ (Qua© SPECIAL! 

MF6RS. 15' 
OFF LOBEL 

NEWBORNS 
BOX OF 24.. 
$ 
57 

HEAD A SHOULDERS 
SHAMPOO 

7-OZ. LOTION 
A 
4 OZ. JAR 
4-OZ. TUBE 

YOUR CHOICE. EA. . 

OPEN TILL 
MIDNIGHT 
MONOAV THRU SATURDAY 
•oooo WURZBACH ROAD 
• 6921 BANDERA ROAD 
• 1499 HILLCREST 

COMPARE QUALITY 
Ground Beef! 
FRESH 

SHOESTRING 

ORE-IDA 
FROZEN 

2o-oZ. SIZE 

PATIO 
DINNERS 

ASSORTED 
VARIETIES. 
FROZEN 

12-OZ. SIZE 

PRICES oooo MONODY 
THRU SATURDAY. MARCH 7-12. 

SAN ANTONIO A 
UNIVERSAL CITY. 

12-OZ. 
P K G . . . . 

RANCH COUNTRY 
BACONI i 
SLICED bo 

MILK 

HOMO OR I % % LOW FAT 

PARK 

MANOR 

LIMIT- 2 . ADDLS. REG. PRICE. 
$g|29 

GALLON 
PLASTIC. 

SPECIAL! ■ Che# SPECIAL!■ Che# SPECIAL! 
Cottage Cheese 
45* 

ROYAL MAIO 
LARGE ARD 
SMALL CURD 
12-OZ. CARTON 
BUTTERMILK 
HOYAL 
MAID 
HALF 
GALLON 
C 

LO W P M C I 
COFFEE 
HILLS 
BROTHERS 
ALL ORINOS 
LB. VAC. . . 
$269 

COFFEE 
HILLS 
BROTHERS 
ALL ORINOS 
2-LB. VAC. 
*5’7 

Soft rf tatty 

 f ' C C ' i S o f t rf n u tty 

4 ROLL 
PKG.. . 

BATHROOM 
TISSUE 
SOFT ’N PRETTY 
69 c 

 j f t* 
« « 
«« 

V A L U A B H C O U P O N 

S T SAVE 2QC S i ,. 
BICENTENNIAL BREAD 

(WmiMn CM PM AT) 
I ?fOOSO LOAF . . . 39c 

 aooc IHM. w.1 m r . i rn IM H im 
• IM .* * * «»» 

..A N D THENU)HBH THEY 

GOTTO THE SCEN E WHORE 
KU NIA HINTE IS CAPTURED. 
CLYDE DUST VEN T INTO A 

FIT O F R A S E ' 

INELL, ITU /AS 
I KNOW, 
A PRETTY D IS- 
BUT I'V E 

TUBBING SHOU!, NEVER SEEN 
GINNY.. / 
CLYPE SO 
'A 
SH AKEN ’ 

THE LUPOLE UMEK "ROOP?W AS ON, 
HE JU ST W ALKED AROUND IN A 
DAZE SAYING OVER AN D OVER, 
'WHO AM I ? HOW DID I GET 

H E R E ?" 

BUT CLYDE 
I KNOW , 
A im s SAYS BUT THIS TIME 

TH AT' \ 
IT R EALLY 
WORRIED M E .. 

|V 
A IU* 4 . Mr - 

 q A fter removing the w *old lady" disguise 
CC * 'ne movie theater, 
5 * ' 5 kidnap contact 
•it 1 eludes Happy Stuart^ 

Alfred 
\ffcMA 

Later, he dumps the entire wardrobe into i a blazing furnace.. 

W M ij 

 z u 
< 

WI 
WI 

4nd in Kerry Drake's office.. Jo¥,kflW f n NIVER 

OCCURRED TO M E 

I HAVE A OUT FEELIN G > . SHE WAS WEARING A *< 

WE'RE HEVER GOING TO , D IS G U IS E 1 SHE GOT AWAY 
SE E THAT "OLP LADY " J RIGHT UNDER M V E Y E S 

 n 

S cH ttU 

 o f 

1 h e ‘& J R D £ ' 

POE S r 

W 6 U o M 6 b a c k , b i r c h . 

P IO y o u HAVE? A S lic e „ w in te r: in th e South ? 

 t a g t e t h is a s p 
L t r 44E Y A * ? * 
Y th A T y o u THINK. 

? I -TUP YOU 
M g D O E S N 'T KN O W 
4 S P A R R O W 
PROM A 

C A M A P l A N 
G O O S * ,. 

1 M ^ . . J W 'f!1''- 

T H A T S * W H V I Tis- 
HAPP TO F H N A 
A P O D N P H E B P B 

 r 
'* .*iu,n * ' 

F K L D D V , iv- 'rOU 
L J / 
V 'K d a m s e 
N JO T 
I O 
K F m S L . ^ f\ HF\MD TO 
EIGHT fAtKL* 
I'LL. GIVE. VOO ^ Q O ^K tLK .* 

O H , O N , VALK E : 
C O N S L A 

£,IJT 
IT 'S y\V 

CHPsNiCE. TO y \W X 
SONNE. 
T - ^ r N \ O N E V | 

' n n O n n I 

T H A T 'S 
WHfNT 
I C A L L 
E W M I N ' 
TW O B.»TS 
TH' HPnK O v 
WPNV.1 

I SAY 6 \Z 16 O f 
M V A & e A K B 

T u l l y c a p a b l e 

Yes, I’m sure she didn t ride the bus home, today!” 
‘ WOW! You mean I just won a 
“ Did you hear a SHRIEK 

 reel, live KANGAROO?" an* o THUD?" 
WORDY 
CURDY I 

I U t ) SKOKIE 1,1 Pl)* a nsu ct IS ii rh) mini: r.nt of u n til'(like line Mine. 
Plain lane. anil 11 nm pi v Dninptv 1 
Mead lite definition, then think of two tit)minp muds that will lit in the Idle! 
'quale' I Ire number after tin- definition tills von hon man) s)liable' in each 
BY T R IC K Y R IC K Y 
Hon! of Hie th)nunj: pail 

I 
I III* /l|>|M I I* III III! I I I 
I liunk* .iud ' lh in 
■ I X J 
I .o n k.Hillm an 
..IM , lu ll, \ \ fin » 7 '« nil » on r 
1 IIH * lo lilt* 
III W*|M|M I 

U .firt knl. I .S uncle ( Ii 

M I X ] 
A < m ilt\ flower (ill 
.. 1 
"" .. 
~T.... 
■ 
I 1 
I M i I jiviwintfi'* a lii i-dinner 1 ancile* 111 

I---- 

■ 

• < <11111/1 "Alive vin) Mi lf Brei 1 11 t 

I 
____■ 
, 
J ti Month r-*truck nncturn.il nior*u|>Ml (‘.*1 

 n j n t 
( I m kens' 1 b ai ai le t '* axes (Hi 
HIT 

.....■ 

J -7 

SUTH. UMI MIM MXH I I A ISM id IC Air* CAV ll SU ih.ixr *| m \q * 
MMK SIM p » AWM AWX) I IWS AV M f* t A IC AK t 
UMKU) 

GENERAL TENDEN­ 
CIES: An unusually good time for you to cla rify your relations with other persons and get them to go along with the plans of action which art* most important to you. Also fine for entertaining ami for any sort of vocational a ctivity that requires neat touch, precision or fine finish. 
Please 

 everyone 

AMIE* (March JI to Aor 1*1 
A good bnf# to ioutlie * (hove Aith 
Attorn von Aam to nave mote actors in In t future caner* a tt lit a obiter mood in un tor some tim e oast Man e tnt* most at tm *, 

TAU H U S (Apr Al IO M ay JO) 
Study tne A or* ahead of you and then pion iu *t how to attend to it mod speedily and efficiently. 
Strop for n*A < lathing mat aim enhance your am id p o in t* 
GEM INI (May JI to June JI) 
Pion a A iver a o v of e njoying your spare h o u r* a n d c o n to rt congenial* Shim devotion to Pie one A h o means the m o*! to yea 
Take no chance* a tier e yo ur reputation t% concerned 
MOON 
C H IL D R E N 
(June 
JI 
o July JI) 
Pion early tux! nu a 
1o nave more harmony at home 
Aith ttio*e Atm dAth 
A tt n yno and be happy 
Study ne a 

 protect* that coala or m o you more sue ce** in tne future. 
C C O (Ju ly II to Aug i i ) 
Study m ore efficient a o v * to operate in o rd e r to be m ore 
*ucre**tgl in your OAn line at endeavor ta k e cote of c o n e 
*oondente toot 1* vital to .o a r 
Aeitore, be it of a bu*»ne*% at ber*onoi nature 
VIRGO (Aug. II lo Sept 
II) 
You have to cooperate m ore Aith other* in order to com m and a 
•treater incom e rn (he future 
Study noA to im prove the ap bearance of your p ro p erty of nn al! co*i 
Use m uch co re in m elton 
LIBRA 
(Seel l l lo Oct 
12) 
Put all that extra magnetism to good um and move big headway 
Aith other* u*e that direct ap p rea ch im p ro v e a p p e a ra n c e through pro p er e x e rc is e and treatment 
SCORPIO (Oct l l to Nev 
II) 
Whatever 1* Pl a pu//n«g nolo i f io n no a De un der *tood a n d n e a re d up 
G ive m ore time to the o n e c h i (eye and ae happier together 
Avoid erie Aho ha* un 
Ute to grind 
S A G I T T A R I U S (N e v . II to 
Dec 
JU 
Put aero** ideo* that improve your standing Aith good friend* and neA contact* 
Pion to' some entertainment, but *tuy 
Aithin tne budget 
C A PR IC O R N (Dec l l Ie Jan 
JBJ 
C o n io n poAertui mdtvtduut* and gam their support tor Anat ever protect* mean the most to you Take core at a credit affair 
•hat ha* been difficult to handle lately Avoid one Aho*# think mg 
1* negative 

TODAY’S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 
UNITED Feature Syndicate saturdays Punta solved 

ACROSS 

I Meat cut 
S Lariat Var 
IO Stuff 
I 4 "W hatever 
— 
W ants” 
I 5 Eroded 
16 Hindu pun* cess 
1 7 - . . . of roses 
18 Meals 
2o Printing plates of a sorf 
22 Part of the body 
23 Narrow wood strip 
24 Keep from falling 
25 Not e itrem e 
28 Colorful birds 
32 Former 
Bruin star 
33 Usage 
35 Crafty man 
36 Two mated animals 
38 Shrub 
4o Forceful closing sound 
4 t Fairies 
4 3 pieaus 
P ilo t the stomach 
4b Green letter 
46 Nautical rope in­ terlacement 
48 Small hollow 

5o Reclined 
51 Lift upright 
52 Decadent 
55 Large sail­ ing ships 
59 Hairdo 2 words 
61 Narrow opening 
62 Imitation 
Abbr 
63 Takes 
. pleasure rn 
64 Record the duration 
65 Rents 
66 J e s s e ----- 
U S athlete 
67 Bathroom item 

DOWN 

1 Talon 
2 Vagrant 
3 Oil Prefix 
4 Punish by spanking 
5 Refutation by oppos­ ing proof 
6 Planet 
7 Roscoe 
Comedian of old 
8 Asian shrub 
9 City in 
Turkey 
1o Grappling irons 
11 Carpenter * 

 tool 
I 2 Against: 
Prefix 
I 3 Fine shower 
19 Feminine garment 
21 Convert into money 
24 Flower feature 
25 Sorrowful person 
26 Church vestment 
27 Campaign 
28 Airline employee 
29 G ibraltar's anc tan! na ma 
3o Ktio-am- pere hours abbr 
31 Short traitors 

 r -w m r r o 

34 N Amar animal 
37 Thtnka back 
39 Sloppy 
42 Marine fish 
44 — aslata 
47 Black metallic alloy 
49 Tufts 
51 “ Quoth the 

52 Biographer 
— 
Ludwig 
53 Eminence 
54 Partially fused material 
55 Contributed 
56 Mixture 
57 Ulceration 
5o Footprint 
6o Inter (action of wonder 

 on be helpful to 

PISCES (Eeb 
IO lo M ar 
Im prove your pavilion A it h debtor* and cre dito r* and 1 betiei * rxtem ot otter ating 
HOA lo be happier A ith th* you love Toke na chance* v reputation I* concerned 

Aor * mg 

IE 
Y O U R C H IC O IS S O H N 
TO DAV . . . he or che Atli De one o» those m agnetic per von* 
Ahu ion relate a ell Attn other* arx* m ake a big *occe*% at Ute 
Give the kind ot education thai 
Atli prepare your child tor the kind at Aork that I* nest Veiled I* him or her and Ihui ami niche the lite a happy and productive one Twee# 1* artistic faient here and it should be teamed proper 
Iv 
Teach lo nave good thought* 
Anec# other* ore concerned ond gel right revolt* 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy Morch 7 1977 
Poge 
9-A 
'Tough days’ seen for Carter 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
WASHINGTON — President Carter will face some tough going in his dealings with Congress, House Minor­ ity Leader John Rhodes predicted 
Sunday. 
“ I ’d imagine that he has some pretty tough days ahead,*’ the Arizona Re­ publican said on CBS’ “ Face the Na­ tion.” 
Rhodes said Carter has indicated some ineptness in gauging feelings of 
Congress, citing as examples the abortive nomination of Theodore Sor­ ensen to head the CIA and the selection of Paul Warnke as chief arms negotia­ tor. 
He said Warnke may be confirmed but without the overwhelming support needed for someone in this type of job. 
Rhodes added he has the feeling that both House and Senate Democratic leaders have been somewhat disap­ pointed in their dealings with Carter and predicted the President will have problems with his budget and energy program. 

Rabin arrives for talks with Carter 

W ASHINGTON — Israeli Prim e 

Minister Yitzhak Rabin arrived for talks with President Carter and pledged his country would take part in any meaningful framework of negotia­ tions that would advance peace with the Arabs. 
He told newsmen he is making the visit to explain Israel’s desire and aspirations for tranquility and post­ ponement of war in the Middle East. 
• He will open talks with Carter and other high ranking administration of­ ficials Monday. 

Natural gas withholders will face court action 

WASHINGTON — Interior Secretary’ 
Cecil Andrus says his department is supplying the Justice Department with information from Interior’s probe of whether natural gas is being withheld from the market. 
Asked whether court action or pos­ 

 sibly prosecution might follow if pro­ ducers were found to be holding back supplies, Andrus said “ absolutely.” 
Appearing on ABC’s “ Issues and 
Answers,” Andrus said some pro­ ducers have been told their leases for offshore tracts will not be renewed until they produce a timetable for putting the areas into production. 
He said also he has ordered pro­ ducers on federal lands to increase their production. 

Volcanic eruption is seen in Alaskan waters 
JUNEAU, Alaska - A Coast Guard cutter on fisheries patrol in Alaskan waters says it found a volcanic erup­ tion apparently just a few hours old. 
The cutter Mellon spotted the erup­ tion, believed to be on Seguam Island in the Aleutian chain, about 15o miles east of Adak. A spokesman said the volcano spit smoke and fire several hundred feet into the air. 

Doctors report drug to lower cholesterol level 

NEW YORK — Physicians in three countries report a new drug can safely 

 low'er cholesterol levels in human blood. 
A fatty substance, cholesterol is blamed as a major cause of heart attacks and strokes. 
The new drug, probucol (tradename 
Lorelco), joins a handful of others that also reduce cholesterol levels. Probu­ col has been approved by the Food and 
Drug Administration after 12 years of research here and abroad 

Carter says preventive health care is down 

WASHINGTON - President Carter, attending dedication ceremonies for the Children’s Hospital National Medi­ cal Center, says the nation has let its preventive health care standards de­ teriorate in recent decades. 
But he said his administration would emphasize the need for child health care. 

“ In the past, the federal government has paid 5o per cent of the cost of identifying young children who need health care and we had very slight response,” Carter said. “ So we decid­ ed in this next budget to increase that to 75 nor 
” 

Defense chief sees balance of power 

NEW YORK — The Soviet Union remains a potential adversary of the 
United States, but the existing balance of power between the two countries should continue to deter aggression by either nation. Defense Secretary’ Har­ old Brown says. 
Interviewed on NBC’s “ Meet the 
Press,” Brown said: “ We and the 
Soviets are in a situation of rough equivalence. W e’re ahead by some1 measures. They’re ahead by other measures." 

Child killers head for stale prisons 

CLEVELAND. Tenn. — Convicted child murderers Ronald and Wanda 
Maddux left their native East Ten nessee hills for state prisons where they will spend at least the next 3o years. 
The couple was convicted last week in Athens, Tenn., of second-degree murder of Mrs. Maddux’s daughter, 
4-year-old Melisha Gibson 

REP JOHN RHODES 
. . .sees fiaht ahead 

During the trial for the child's death, they blamed each other. Both were sentenced to 99 years and one day but will become eligible for parole after 3o years. 

Save $5 to $2o on famous Croscill bedroom ensembles 

 bedspreads: 
34.99 

Twin size reg. $5o 

44.99 Full-size bedspread, reg. $6o 
54.99 Queen-size bedspread, reg. $75 
64.99 Dual-size bedspread, reg. $85 

 matching draperies: 
19.99 

5 4 "x 8 4 " reg. $3o 

44.99 1o8”x84”, reg. $5o 
8.99 
6 o “x84”, reg. $14 

 a. Wildflower. Multi-colored combination of flowers on seeded voile background. b. Bamboo. Elegance and simplicity of Chinese porcelains and ink drawings, blue, brown 
C. Fem. Bright bouquet on a sheer white background . . . cool, airy, green. 

Draperies 

 lofty savings on 

 sheer voile panels 

 in decorator colors 

 save 3.o11 
Versailles panels 

{ 
J 
6o” x84” panel, 
I • w w reg. $15 

Select from a rainbow of colors in 1oo% Tergah for the most beautiful panels to ever grace a win­ dow. Ifs sheer springtime magicl 

 save 5.o11 Jewels sheers 

/ 

19.99 
6o,,x84,‘ panel, reg. $25 

Delicately patterned sheers in sky blue, white, sun gold, marble or cool spring green for an elegantly airy look . . . imported from France. 

 now save $3 to $ I 21 

 three unique styles 

 of roll-up shades 

 venweave 2Wx6 

 reg. $ 15 
I 1.99 

3 x6 , reg $19. . . 14.99 

4 x6 , reg. $24 . . . I 8 99 

6 x6 , reg. $37 . . . 28.99 

 matchstick 2 W x6‘ 
I 
A f N Q 

 reg. $ 19 
I 
• * 
* 

3 x6 , reg. 22.5o . . 
17.99 

4,x6‘, reg. $3o____ 23.99 

6 x6 , reg. $45____ 35.99 
16.99 bamboo 2'/2 x6 

 reg. $2 I 

3 x6’, reg. $25. . . . 
19.99 

4 x6’, reg. $3o. . . . 23.99 

6 x6’, reg. $5o. . . . . . $38 

Draperies 

Here s an inexpensive way to cover your windows. 
Choose from three unique styles of Venetianaire. 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 1o ’TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W INDSOR PARK 

Monday March 7 I 977 
San Antonio Express 
EDITORIALS 

W illiam J. Reddell 

Editor o f Editorial Page 

C harles O Kilpatrick 

E d it o r a n d Publisher 

G e o rg e Carmack 

Associate Editor 

Fane L 
Burt 

M a n a g i n g E ditor 
City campaigns fan new political fires 

Between now and April 2, San 
Antonio will be awash in politi­ cal work to implement change approved by voters who changed the City Charter from A la r g e council members to districts or wards. 
Major attention will be-on the m ayor’s race, naturally, be­ cause that is the only at-large election rem aining under the charter. District races will con­ centrate in neighborhood-sized campaigns mainly as the ser­ ious candidates try to m ake personal contact with all the voters in the district. 

District races should be less expensive to conduct, so public interest in cam paign expense reporting will In* keen. Almost certainly the new Alliance for a 
Better City (successor to the 
Good Government League) will attempt to back a coalition for council to achieve what its or­ ganizers- hope to do: Elect a council majority. 
Coalition government will be around for awhile, it seem s li­ kely. The present council is the first example of that in San An­ tonio in a quarter century. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell went into office two years ago as a member of a minority of three 
(Henry Cisneros and Phil Pyn- dus). The six-member majority 
(Independent Ticket winners) was widely presumed to have 

 the council under control. 
Before the first year had passed, there was a working coalition with the mayor solidly recognized as the leader. Issues, not party allegiance, prevailed. 
That coalition held on most of the key issues. The coalition consisted of the mayor, Cisner­ os, Pyndus, Glen Hartman, 
C laude Black and — sometimes 
— it.picked up other support. 
The new council, regardless of the winning candidates, will likewise have to form a coalition unless ABC is su ccessfu l in supporting a majority that will be loyal to the party. 
There will be candidates with neighborhood interests and neighborhood com m itm ents, and they will quickly learn that trade-out is the name of the game. They should recognize at the outset, also, that the City 
Charter is the law under which they will swear to operate when elected. 
Councilman Bob Billa, who seeks re-election, has said he favors giving the charter an honest chance to work under districts and “see what changes we want after th a t.” 
The changes most often mentioned include full-time, full-salaried council members. 
After April 2, the changes will begin to form. The caliber of the new council will be im ­ portant in that regard. 
Medical schools should carry their own malpractice policy 

The Legislature should look with favor upon a plan to let tilt* state-owned m edical schools form a self-insurance agency. 
Malpractice insurance pre­ miums have become ridiculous­ ly high. As long as the laws leave the litigation gates wide open, the rates will remain too high. 
It is, therefore, far less ex­ pensive to carry self-insurance than it is to try to buy it. The insurance industry clearly wants out of the risk-taking bu­ siness on medical malpractice. 
But the record, at least in Texas, doesn’t support the insurance rates. One hospital with a long history of operating its business has had a m axim um dam age 

 claim of $25,ooo laid against it, but last year’s insurance pre­ mium for m alpractice protec­ tion was nearly SI million. 
In addition to allowing the schools to carry their own in­ surance, the Legislature should get practical with the malprac­ tice laws. The law should allow generous damage for legitimate claim s, but it shouldn’t let a lawyer be the main beneficiary when it's the patient or the pa­ tient’s family who has the pain and suffering. 
Sensible limits for tin* pro­ tection of both doctor and pa­ tient, with a sensible lge for the lawyer, can be provided in sen­ sible legislation — which is still lacking on the books. 
Trade-out on drainage project 

Dismay at the felling of big trees in B rackenridge Park should await further work on a drainage channel through that part of the park and through 
• Mahnke Park that runs east from the southern entrance to 
Brackenridge off Broadway. 
New trees are to be planted 
— 29 of them at least six to ll) inches in diameter. They will be 
Spanish oaks, live oaks and elms. The channel will be con- 

‘Course you gotta rem em ber, the bishop here, he was a bad driver.’ 
Bills boggle mind 

 crete-lined in order to keep it narrow. Grass-lined channels won’t hold the water without crumbling, engineers say. with­ out making them larger. 
Landscaping will include berms to help hide the channel.. 
The drainage project attempts lo correct a deadly condition that has developed at that spot. 
The plan is to provide more landscaping to offset losses re­ quired by the channel. 

Sir: I cannot honestly believe that 
Texas voters elect and send to Austin representatives who author bills pro­ moting breaking the law. 
The illegal alien bill by Rep. Wright and the speed bill by Sen. Moore are examples that boggle the mind. 
The statement by Moore saying that everybody speeds is not true. The. reduction in number of accidents and the saving of fuel at 55 miles per hour art* proven facts. 
Apparently that is not important anymore. 
Why,wasn't it all right to do 85 miles per hour when the legal limit was Til miles per hour? Is it OK to lie. cheat or steal a certain number of times before it is wrong? 
Why was the ta x p a y e rs ’ money wasted bt change the speed limit signs when, if the bill is passed, in reality it will say to ignore them? 
According to the Senate vote, there are six senators who believe in the letter of the law . 
Leonard Dallas 

Reports on all candidates asked 

Sir: I believe you have on many occasions expounded oil the virtures of a free press, and your objective of reporting all the news fairly and ac­ curately. lf you consider these a part of your policy then I call to your attention your current reporting of the news regarding the candidates for election i to city council. 
You are giving extensive coverage to the incumbents who are seeking re­ election while you give scant attention to those who oppose them. I call your attention to the item (Express, Feb. 
23) regarding Councilman Al Rohde. 
You give him a large headline, along with lavish coverage of his efforts for re-election, and at the end of the column you mention that two other candidates also filed. You then list their names, ages, and addresses, and in the case of Fred Burricklow, you mistakenly list him as a candidate from District 6. rather than his correct district which happens to be K. 
I believe there are many voters who are already much too familiar with some of the incum bents, and are starving for information about the choices they will have on election day. 
Will you make an effort to correct this one sided reporting of the news, and make this election one where the voters have a choice? 
Robert F. Stark 
(NOTE: We report the record and statements of the candidates. W e hope they will all have something to say in the rourse of the campaign.) 

Council called w eak-kneed 

Sir: Some of the irresponsible ac­ tions of our weak-kneed City Council amaze and disgust me. The resolution against people buying South African 
Krugerrands is a prime example of butting into non-city business. 
Also, loud and unruly groups who disrupt council meetings with em o­ tional and irrational arguments always stampede the council to take biased and ill-conceived resolutions. The City 

—- . -Sr- 

TO THE EDITOR 

 la tte r * to Hilt n e w ,p a p e r th o u ld b e th o r* a n d th e y m u tt b e tin n e d Initial* o n ly w ill b e u s e d a t w r ite r’* re q u e st. C o rrect a d d r e s t a n d te le p h o n e n u m b e r to r id en tifica tio n o f le tte r* o re n e e d e d , le tte r * w ill b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o a d t o t t e a n d le g a l re a so n * . 
Addr#**; le tte r * to th e e d ito r, P.O . b o * 2 1 7 1 , San 
A ntonio. TX 7 8 2 * 7 . 

Transit System provides charter buses for legitimate purposes. City Council knows this. Why did they let them­ selves get pressured into passing a resolution that discriminates against the Friedrich company’s use of char­ tered city buses? 
If a loud and unruly pressure group insisted that City Council jump into the 
Sail Antonio River, this council would come in and it would indeed be some spectacle to see them jumping into the river. 
W. ll. McChesney 

Rand festival wasn't statewide 

Sir; As director of the Lee High 
School baud. I feel compelled to cor­ rect a distortion of the facts in your article (Feb. 28) concerning the Texas 

. P \fsjF - ' 

A&l stage band festival at Kingsville. 
It is true that Wheatley High School stage band did win the “ best all-ar­ ound band” and Lee stage band was runner-up in class AAAA in this festi­ val. but this was not a “ state cham ­ pionship” festival by any means. It was an invitational festival entered mostly by San Antonio schools and some South Texas schools. 
There are some outstanding stage bands in San Antonio and elsewhere in the state which did not enter this 
Contest, so it was not a “ state cham ­ pionship” festival. My idea of a cham­ pionship contest is where you have several elimination events until there is only one left. This is was not the case here. 
Melvin Meads 

Buchanan gains praise for views 

Sir: Hooray for Patrick J. Buchanan! 
His column (March t), “ National press vs. national security,” is by far the most intelligent, comprehensive and patriotic piece of journalism I have read in months. 
Keep it up, Mr. B uchanan, our country needs more journalists such as vim and less muckrakers and “ tell-all” types who are out for their own pro­ minence. 
Mrs. Joyce Hinckley 

Georgic 1 

IHI? ytr 

M exican farming may be answer 

MEXICO CITY - The ex­ quisitely modern building of the 
Colegio de Mexico, with its so­ lemn view of the mountains, is a long way from the U.S. border. 
Yet it is here, far from the despera- tion of the b u rstin g -a t-th e -se a n is border towns, that the first really creative Mexican thinking on the im­ m ensely im p o rta n t “ illegal a lie n ” problem is emerging. 
Dr. Jorg e B ustam ante, the Notre 
Dame-educated Ph.D. who is the gov­ ernm ent’s leading adviser on im m i­ gration al this “ think tank,” today is offering the best new thinking on the estimated eight million illegal Mexi­ can aliens now looked upon as a major 
U.S. problem. 
Concerted action 

“ A suggestion I have been making that has reached the president is re­ lated to a concerted action between 
Mexico and the U.S.,” this pleasant, rational man began. 
Then he outlined one type of change from the past, when Mexico was pro­ fligate about population growth and the United States thought only about throwing “ wetbacks” back from the border. 

‘The government said- it wanted sacrifices, didn’t it?’ 

Thoughts on converting heathen 

WASHINGTON - We are w itnessing tit 
W ashington these days the greening of 
Jimmy Carter. 
It is a fascinating process — une­ ven, uncertain, even painful — and the President is finding the going tough. 
But there are hopeful signs that after only six weeks in office, the gentlem an is accepting the d raw ­ backs of growing up. 
Own making 
Most of the President’s difficulties are of his own m ak in g , arid this makes their resolution all the bardel 
From the very beginning of hts quest in December of of INI-4. < arter sought d elib erately to project att image of himself. 
Ile was not like other men lie would be the candidate of high moral purpose. other politicians might make false prom ises, but “ J will never lie lo you.’* 
Whether he was speaking of merit appointments, or an end to secrecy, or moral commitment* in foreign af­ fairs. be spoke with evangelical fer­ vor. 

 ii lie never said in so mum words that ‘ I ain holier than thou. lo* left that clear impression 
Aud sou could depend on that. 
On pedestal 
Once a man has set himself on such a ped estal, it is no easy ta sk to clamber down. 
The descent is awkward, ungrace­ ful; it invites hoots and hollers from the gallery; it prompts a recollection of Nebuchadnezzar's idol, whose feet were part of iron and part of clay. 
But the descent has lo be managed. 
Thus C arter has had to acknow ­ ledge, for one thing, that government carmot be nearly so o p e r a s he hail imagined in his missionary days. 
< ort a in secrets must be kept; cer­ tain confidences must lie protected; foreign policN cannot be conducted, as he implied last Mourner, from (he si age of Kenned v t enter it i" a m atter of dispute whether tile President actually tried to sup­ press the Washington Post s story of secret CIA payments lo King Hussein and others, but there is no denying his wish that the d isclosures had never been made 

In another arca. C arter is painfully 

But ours is a world, he added, 
"w h ere m oral affirm ation can be carried out only through stages, each ut which is by definition imperfect ” 

Obligation 

 disco v erin g the a n c ie n t co n flict between what Henry Kissinger has termed “ moral vision and practical purpose.” 
In a brilliant essay in Time m aga­ zine last December, Kissinger tried 

 h is best to warn the incoming Pres­ ident of the dilemma awaiting him, 

 but th e warning (las taken a while to 

 s in k iii 
F oreig n policy, 
K issin g e r counseled, cannot be conducted sue* eessfutly t»n Hu* basis of principle alone. P rinciple h a s to lie refined with pragmatism 

Idealism Is w o n d e r f u l , It Is one of the tilings that America is ait about, but idealism must lie tailored to po­ litical reality. 
The trouble with proclaiming high moral purpose, Kissinger observed, is that these expressions “ ap p e a r absolute and universal.” 

“ As the w o rld ’s leading demo-* eraey," Kissinger wrote, “ it is our obligation to dedicate ourselves to assuring freedom for the hum an spirit. 
“ But responsibility compels also a recognition of our limits . . . We have a moral as well as a practical obli­ gation to stand up for our \alues and to combat intuitive, 

“ Those who speak out tor freedom aud expose Un* transgressions of rc­ pt* 
An 

 e ssiv lorn 
But 
I to von i 

 e regimes do so in ttit* best an tradition, there are tunes when ail if- each another country a moral an undermine the very values we seek Iii promote 

Less delicately 

Let me put it less delicately. 
A fair working rule for presidents 
Is to be moral toward the weak and amoral toward the strong 

As we M*t out to convert the heath­ en. let us remember thai some of the heathen are beyond our reach. 
We lune our principle; bul we court disaster when we pursue principles over a cliff of common sense 

In firing off sta te m e n ts of high moral purpose, as Andrew Jackson is supposed to have said in ano ther context, let us elevate our sights a- lUUe lower, 

Not serious 

( arter has got himself in trouble through what has appeared to be an excess of evangelical zeal, but the trouble is probably not serious aud his zeal can even he admired lf one had to choose between Ger­ ald Ford's snub of Solzhenitsyn and 
Jimmy t arter s public letter of sym­ pathy tor Sakharov. I lit* better choice would seem evident. 
It Ute President will be a little less pure, and not quite so moral, aud if lie will guard against creating false expectations, we may yet avoid mis­ adventure. 
It would be nice to depend upon that. 

'Ile need to establish Mexi­ can fa rm s th at em p lo y large numbers o f workers with purchase o f the fo o d ­ stuffs g u a ra n teed by the 
United States’ 

He says, in effect, “ We m ust deal with population on the one hand, but on the other hand, we m ust estab lish agricultural projects that employ large n u m b e rs of w o rk ers, financed by 
Mexican or international moneys — precisely in the pinpointed areas from which the immigrants are coming.” 
U.S. purchases 

In the second step, by agreem ent, the foodstuffs thus produced would be guaranteed purchase by the United 
States — not for local m a rk e ts (in order to avoid com petition) but for overseas food grants. 
At the same time that the situation was being thus stabilized. Mexicans already in the United States would have their status regularized in some way decided upon by the United States. 
“ It would not be done under the concept of a trade policy, but an im­ migration policy.” he said. 
“ It is one avenue to rationalize the whole .situation. We have to use our imaginations about interdependency lo avoid the conflicts that will come.” 
Core reality 

And this brings us to the core reality of the problem. Mexico and the United ’ 
States are playing evil chess with each other’s strengths and weaknesses. 
The Mexicans, with their exorbitant population numbers (with which they are finally beginning to deal), send us underdeveloped hum an beings and drugs (35,ODO acres of heroin poppies in the north alone) and social prob­ lems, 
We send them contraband guns, our drug demands and our thirst for low- paid laborers. 
It is a sorrowful and often sordid exchange of gifts. 
In years past, countries went to war un or such dark celebrations. 
Today, at least, we create com mis­ sions. 
Room tor living 

Yet today, we still don’t seem to realize that it is not only space but basically economic development that characterizes the new and troubling demand for Lebensraum on the part of the developing countries, which are beginning to choke to death on their sheer numbers. 
Yet, would it be the most humane thing for the United States simply to allow everybody to come? 
It would not — not because of cruelty or chauvinism, but because such slop­ piness in legal and d ip lo m a tic conceptualizing would only bring real social conflict and even more injustice than now exists 
Unpleasant jobs 

At Hie moment, the Mexican im m i­ grants tend to take such low-paid and unpleasant jobs that most U.S. citizens will not take them , but there is evi­ dence that those who stay longest more and more are going into industrial po­ sitions. 
What’s more, at present rates of in­ crease, the Mexican population will Im* 
24o million by the turn of the century. 
There is no tonger tim e therefore, either for the old. liberal, sentimental solutions or for the old, conservative hard line solutions 
Ideology I-, finished as a workable approach lo these problem s, which represent iii reality our first important boul with the interdependency that 
President Carter speaks of so often. 
VS hat there is time for in this gener­ ation is the rational, cooperative ap­ proach of the Bustamantes — the only kind of approach that is appropriate to our time and. in the long run, the only kind that la genuinely humane. 

Rickover steam ed past his 77th active duty for 13 years beyond the 

THE M 6 o TANK is an e x a m p le of the A rm y battle tank. N e w tan ks are go in g to the A rm y 
,pally prod- become and will be part of a reorgan ization of the A rm y divisions them selves. ded by Congress, have kept him on the country’s best-known military of- 
Fort H ood is getting call as Army revam ps divisions 

 lls DR FAV MIDDLETON 
NCW YOUK TIMES SIRVICt 

NEW VORK — The Army will begin this tall a long-rangi* pro­ gram to raise the firepower anil manpower of armored anil me ehanized infantry divisions. 

The program is intended to counter tho recent strengthening of Soviet divisions iii these two area" 
Successful tests of the new divisional organization will result in units of 
17.HIM) men, instead of 16.3oo, with 13 instead of ll battalions, ail more heavy guns, IMH) more junior officers and 34 more t a n k s i i i the mechanized infantry units, 
Fort Hood 
In the test starting at Fort Hoot! i i i 
September, the Army will determine the effectiveness tit infuntrv battalions of 4<Hi instead ut Min men aud of tank battalions reduced to 473 soldiers from 
35o. 
The number of tanks in each platoon 

(Put* jolt is to simplify the junior officer's job In ena­ bling him to concentrate on a sin file combat role. 

 will Lh* cut from five to three. 
One objective, according to Ft. Col. 
Daryl Jaschen, the Pentagon 's project manager for the reorganization, is to increase the ’'alacrity” with winch in­ dividual divisional units, armored, iii* luntry or artillery,,react to huttleftcld situations 

Simplify job 

Another is to siiiip!tf> the junior of- ficer’s job by enabling him to con­ centrate fin a single combat role. 
Now a company commander, engag­ ing an enemy ut 3.IWO meters, has 33 options ranging from an’ strikes to an­ titank weapons l nder the new organization lie would deal only with the special weapons iii 
Ins command 
Three developments stimulated re­ commendations for the Xriny s first major reorganization of its ll heavy 

The Arm y nill determine the effectiveness o f infantry battalions o f UMP instead o f 6 (PIP men and o f lank battalions reduced to 475 soldiers from 55o, 

 divisions, armored and mechanized infantry, since World War ll 
The first was the* Arab-lsraeli war of 
Ih73 with its very heavy losses of armored lighting vehicles to anti-tank weapons, clue in many eases to the ab­ seil* of sufficient artillery to break up infantry attac ks against armor. 
Imbalance 
The second was the imbalance in artillery and tanks between Sov iet and 
American forces. 
The Russians have roughly seven tunes as many artillery pieces, ac­ cording t<» < ol. Juschcn, and four times as many tanks. 
I he final stimulus was the expecta­ tion that the remotely piloted s u r­ face-to-air anil surface-to-surface wea­ pons Plat will be deployed early iii the next decade will require a new di* v isional organization. 
These are sophisticated systems re­ quiring hinger aud more advanced training, larger ammunition stocks on the battlefield instead of in rear areas and a high degree of competence in maintenance under active battle con­ ditions. 
Biggest killer’ 

Citing artillery as “ the biggest killer on the battlefield,” Col. Jaschen said the artillery “ has got to he beefed up” and at present the inferiority in this combat arm is “ the biggest deficiency that has to he corrected." 
The number of 155-millimeter self- propelled howitzers in each division will he increased from 54 to tai aud the number of eight-liieh gulls from 12 to 
Iii 
The guns will lire* the cannon-launched laser-guided pro­ ject lh* now being developed 
In trials, the projectile has been hitting consistently within IO meters of- the center of the target, close enough lo destroy most tanks. 
“ For tilt* first time in the history of warfare,” Col, Jaschen said. “ sou 

 will he able to kill a tank with Held artillery; until now the* guns have al­ ways been area weapons.” 
The new projectiles cost about $5,ooo each compared with $15o for the less accurate standard 155 shell 
The number of tanks, now 354, in an armored division will not be reduced in accordance with the size of the armored platoons. But battalions will have 36 instead of the present 54 tanks. 
Mechanized infantry divisions will have 324 tanks instead of 27o as the new 
XXII tank replaces the Sheridans. classed us an armored lighting vehi­ cle. 
The reduction in the numt>er of tanks in a platoon from live to three is in­ ti tided lo improve the platoon Com- 

( f i n i s nill Jire ca n n o n • launched I user-fruitlet I pro- j eel ih •s now brin >i d e v e ­ loped. 

 w anders control of his unit. 
The Israelis in 1973 found that the three-tank platoon was easier to handle in battle. 

Specialization 

Specialization will extend beyond armored units. 
The new divisions will have an air defense group 
They will also rely on the air forces aud the Cobra-Tow helicopter for air support against a hostile force. 

“The young company commanders will fight the battle.” Cut Jaschen said. 

“ In the new divisional organization, each will command a single weapons system, tanks, anti-tank, infantry in armored personnel carriers.” 
Implicit in the reorganization pro- 
{ram is the Army's expectation that 

 the volunteer professional force will he continued. 
Pentagon officers insist that the* new weapons now under development arc* so sophisticated that long and intensive training on them is necessary if they are to tx* used effectively . 

Teamwork 

Moreover, they point out that the new weapons demand a high degree of teamwork. 

The anti-aircidlt missile team, for example, includes not only the soldier who loose's the* missile hut the one operating the radar lo pick up the tar­ get. 

Effective teams, Col. Jaschen em ­ phasized. cannot he expected if there is a constant flow of raw soldiers through units. 

Im plicit iii the reo rg a n iza ­ tion p ro fir a m is the A rm y 's expectation th a t the vo lu n ­ teer p ro fessio n a l fo r c e n ill he continued. 

The First Calvary Division will test the new organization. 
Phase One will he devoted to opera­ tions at the battalion level. 
Next year the test will move to bri­ gade and iii 1979 the full division with new equipment will he tested. 
In the* tests, the Army will examine program s for storing am m unition farther forward in the lines. 

A shortage of artillery, tanks and missile munitions in the* forward areas is one of the admitted weaknesses of the Seventh Army in Germany. 

 liver and has established himself as one of the most influential leaders in naval history. 
His single-minded lobbying for nu­ clear ships has brought the fleet of atomic-powered vessels to 114. 
Under Rickover’s total domination from design shops to liberty ports, the nuc lear Navy has now steamed roughly 
3o million miles, its reactors running a total of nearly 1,5oo years without a fatality or serious accident. 
Two atomic* submarines have been lost, but investigations established that the tragedies were not connected with 
Riekovcr’s propulsion system. 
According lo a former aide, Rick- over’s first comment when he heard that the USS Thresher had gone down was, “ It wasn’t the power plant.” 
Congress on flanks 

With Congress covering his flanks, 
Rickover has battled with 13 different defense secretaries. 15 Navy secre­ taries and no less than ll chiefs of naval operations. 
He fought incessantly with systems analysts, terrorized shipbuilders, and waged a continuing war against bur­ eaucrats. 
Ile had fallings-out with friends, made enemies in astounding numbers, survived heart attacks and eluded renewed efforts to force his re tire ­ ment. 
In a city, in an atmosphere where compromise is a way of life, he never com prom ised. And surrounded by jHopii* whose object was survival he* not only survived, he* prevailed. 

Tuesday! lo mon, tiiekorer was e ith e r h e ld iii unusual este e m or hilled uilh a npeeiat UU union. 
Dust be our history 

I got this pathetic letter lust week from a woman whose fa­ mily was threatening to send her to a Home for the Criminally 
Clean. 

Sue had all the sym ptom s of a 
Domestic-Obsessive. 
In her words: 
“ I used to vacuum the furnace duc ts once a week and then wash them down with soup and water monthly. 
“ I scrubbed the driveway with a stiff brush when ll started to look shabby . 
“God forgive me, I even got a ladder and scrubbed dawn the entire outside of a white frame* house because it looked dirty.” 
The high spot of her week was watching the sanitation truc k suck up tin* garbage. 
Through years ut reading my co­ lumn, she has been rehabilitated and i-> once again ahlc* in take her place in a normal society 
The* other clay as she walked through her dining room and saw d r a p e r ie s that had been hanging there bn- six months wnil the pius stilt iii them, she 

Hornbeck 

 thought of me and wanted to write and tell me what I had done for her. 
If that story doesn’t make you want to sell your sweeper, nothing will. 
Actually, I haven’t done any thing. 
XII I ve tried to do all these years is to [Hunt out that dust was put there to measure time. lf there are any newlyweds out there who do not know the history of dust, let me enlighten you. 
Dust was discovered in California by 
John Wayne in 1846 , . four years before California became a state 
Utile was known about dust 
People just covered their m o u t h s with a handkerchief and h o p e d it 
I tiov c*d east ti did the winds ut Arizona caught it aud blew it across the plains 

The rains iii Washington turned it into mud and travellers tracked it into 
Montana and Wyoming. 
In Chicago, it enjoyed drinking man’s status as men yelled. “ Here’s mud in your eye.” 
The South reveled in its poetry, singing, “ Ifs a treat to beat your feel on the Mississippi mud.” 
Dust would have hit Maine and eventually petered out had it not been for an antiseptic housewife in Portland who saw a speck of it one day on her window sill, grabbed a cloth and wiped it up 
She then shook her cloth outside her window and sent the dust back to the 
West. 
Its been going back and forth across the nation ever since. 
The future of dust (or its demise) lies with the American housewife. 
Ifs up to her to cull a truce on this shifting of dust from one state to ari­ ot lier 
We've* come a long way since that little disgusting housewife in Maine iMthshcd her window sill 
\i least, we’ve gotten tin* American motto to read, “ In God We Trust ” 
It used to he Dust 

Father o f Nuclear Submarine rem ains a adm iral 
Rickover faces fight despite tie to Carter 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 1977 
Page I I -A 

COS ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - In som e of the gray Navy offices around the 
Pentagon, the photograph was studied as though a satellite had discovered Russian m issiles in 
Canada. 

It was on the front pages of newspapers all across America, show­ ing Adm. Hyman G. Rickover being entertained by the new President of the 

Adm. Hyman G. R ickover is known as the “ Father of the Nu­ clear Submarine.” 

He is still on duty, years past the mandatory retirement age. 

He has great influence over men 

 in high places. 

Over the years, he has become one of the most controversial men in the Navy’s history. 

This is the fjrst of a four-part series about the admiral. 

United States in the family quarters of the W hite House. 
A relaxed Jimmy Carter, turned out in a sports shirt, slacks and Hush 

Puppies, was leaning attentively toward Rickover with a broad grin on his face, and the characteristically dour admiral was doing the talking. 

Just when the legions of Rickover adversaries were beginning to hope that the old man was finally ready for mothballs, more than half a century after entering the Navy, he was in the 
Wrhite House bending the ear of a new 
President who hadn’t even finished unpacking. 
At the very moment when his in­ fluence appeared to be on the wane, the 
“ Father of the Atomic Submarine’’ saw installed in the White House a one-time subordinate, who had often said the admiral had influenced him more than anyone in his life except his parents. 
Indeed, Rickover s first meeting with Jimmy Carter in 1952 had made such an impression that, years later, it inspired the title for the President’s political autobiography, “Why Not the 
Best?” 
But even though his friend and former protege is now occupying the 
White House and is commander-in- chief of all the armed forces, Rickover again appears to be headed for heavy seas. 

Early clash 

A D M . H Y M A N R IC K O V E R ge ts a h an d sh ake from the then-President Richard N ixon, one of the presidents w ho h ave kept Rickover on duty p ast the m an d atory retire­ m ent age . The handshake cam e as Rickover received his prom otion to adm iral and received his fourth star. 

There may even he an early clash with the Carter Administration over the future of the U.S. Navy. 
The first shot across the admiral’s bow came when Carter sent Congress his revisions to the budget left behind by the Ford administration. 
Not only did Carter endorse Ford s decision not to proceed with a fourtl 
N’imitz-class nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, but he also canceled a reques for $187 million to be spent on i nuclear-powered cruiser. 
The decisions hinted that the Cartel 
Administration will try to steer tin 
Navy away from the strike forces o nuclear-powered superships, cham pioned by Rickover, toward a fleet o smaller, less expensive vessels. 
Nearly a quarter century has gone by since the Navy tried to retire the ir­ ascible Rickover as a captain and was blackjacked into keeping him by con­ gressional leaders who threatened to block the promotion of every admiral in the United States. 

77th birthday 

2o CLASS * 

 c io a « e t t e S 

2o CLASS A 

 cigarettes 

Now in two lengths ft •JI r ;j p L S 
*•’ p i* 
S -m 
I JJN* 
Enjoy real smoking satisfaction and full. fresh menthol taste 
-# ■ " ‘ w lf r 
• 
- I.- ..y \ It'* 
. * ■ * •..* 
- ? C, in a low tar cigarette. 

I n t h e M i l i t a r y 

M uj. 
W illiam 
D. 
Adams has been pre­ sented the M eritorious 
Service Medal at Health 
Services Command ut Ft. 
Sam Houston. 
S. vSgt. Thomas L. Wa­ shington, of the Person­ nel Office at Walford Hall 
USAK Medical Center, has received the second oak leaf cluster to the Air 
Force 
Corn rnendat ion 
Medal. 
S. Sgt. Rory J. Kauff­ man. a d m in istra tiv e 

 specialist of the Resource 
Management Office at 
VVilford Hall USAF Me­ dical Center, has re ­ ceived the first oak leaf cluster to the Air Force 
Commendation Medal. 
( apt. .John J. Bradley, head ward nurse at 
Chambers Pavilion at 
Brooke Arm y Medical 

Center, has received the 
A rm y 
Comm endation 
Medal. 

T. Sgt. Gerald T. Frey, son of Mrs. Leon J. Frey of 3414 Vinecrest Drive, has been named O ut­ standing N oncom m is­ sioned Officer of the Year at Laughlin AFB. 

The Rules: 

I. TO INTER 

 r n * y a w i m u l t o w n y N u t o n mn* m a rt n tm I W I I W A M I I I ra m Amo nows p o t o * 
I M 
I t o n to w n 
I * . . , U 
M 
I . 
T h* M M T , ( M N M M M I t o t o t o * . rn* tm rn ge e H e rM . a M a ,e „ e M anM 
•t o n wiaMeM t o y w i t t o u it tm- 
IM lr t o tm M W 
I n t r , t w i t ( l l * 
• • • toW a mt 
(to 
I t y t i u bm ! t o o t . I n 
. I a n n H i l l O . lim n 
• JO 
* tm ta 
I M p.m. wpm* t o y * , t o twrw t a (h a th ( t o " T U " t o t ti yaw with t a tw t o t r t to ta t o l a p n u m t o w , a r t o t o a r ti yaw t o to ta md* a n to # a to a r 
M O M O r MM at tow 
N O t o t ti yaw Ma n a * t o to ta t t o t i t o 
(••M a r w a y . yaw a r a e ltg to le ta r to n y a t a t ti yaw tan M in to e cera* 

 it a t o * t a n t tito w ito a r ta to a M alty to n A m 
•a m a l a y r t i i a n a T h * N a n . h a a r to a wMI t o aw arM aM a n rn*- 
M ittan al 
O O O in a n i a t . 
II to a 

2. PRIZES 
• n a e * wMI t o a M a ra A M alty. M a n . 
M ay to ra n t o In M a y . la Ilia to n 
A m a n ia l a p r a n mrs* t h . N a n 

 t i W 
« i N « « i t o , . a 
>n« ta n Mwi laM Malty anM ai 
M ayt im toa 
. i l l a na t 
M a n a n a , 
W in n * t i » M t o 
*m * c m it n ilH t i^ i an 
•ham ta to#*, toaw a p i m a rth anMita tram lir a ,, hwy# aM ra m ta M M toa to 
•am a I aer a tt. Tha H a w i, a arMay a r I anM ay 
I .a r e t . 

 mime reta il 

H I U to IIL 
COMMO? 
MOMMA! toO A TH 

• I OOO OO m oot 
IA C N 
W H A 
• t o * K l I H M ! > 1 R C M T * LACH 
I U N O A T . 

P i toa tonM ay 

 a a rata n t u A n r A t ' t a tit* Malty 
I ( a r a t i OM lh# N r a i , ha ar tha w ill t o awarMaM a n a MMU.anal 
H I O ta a n t a l. 

 lA T o a o A T a A u o t o m c o m m o t 
O I •Mio t i ( I ) 
IO ISI 
2 H O A L C l TICK I T ! ( I MAIA I 

o A lt t r a n i ! IN S O TH TMI | « . 
• A l l ! A N O TMO M IW I 

U O I 
IO ( I ) 
J loot! is m att! I] a Ait i 

A 
TOTAL 
O I 
D O O 
IN 
A C U ! ! 
O A H T A LU ! • k l T A U A ! T K A IT It 
3. MOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A A la n in e Witt t o haiA Malty ta 
M aiaim aia toa 
Latta w ing 
M ay'I w aw a r n totwtMey t o nMay anM 
M y nMay . W a n n M a * Mrawn ton a w a M a .| InM ay 
Tha a m h a r yaw tanM in yawr a n t iy toa m ara a aah i yaw wMt Ma a h cto la ta win annat 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES to m n tn f n w m to rt w it! t o a t o lit h . 
PP amt* May ai to# to n A m a n ia 
I (a r a w Tha H a w i. anM la t a , May anM tonMa y iap< e» »-N ew t. la - araat annuary wMI to v # until n a a a toa la N a w tn c May ta •lam, a n t a l 
M aw a wawaan wMt h a .a 

 u n lit I a m - to a t a ll# w in y M ay t a 
( la tin a n t a l H a w in n in g n a m h a r ia fnrhhahaM an I n M ay t o f u ,M ay. a r lu n a s y, to a a r i t a i m u tt h a 
(law naM a y I a m th # fa t te n in g 
M a n May a r th e y w ilt h a le rte ite M 
W in n e r, m a y c a m e ta to a C ir . 
(u ta h a n 
G ap I a t t o . 
11 a r a , , - 
N e w t h u llo in g 
A a a 
I m t.* TturM 
I t ta 
( Iw m th aw g r u e l . 
T h ey m u tt h a t e a 'o a t a l th e ir S o d a ! t o t u r n , n u in to r. a r a te r a h ty a t o n a l to a u n ty t a t * c h it a th a r 
•M a n n tM a h an 
W in n e r , m u tt a n n ­ ie * ! th e l a a t e t t anM N e w t h y th a a a a r a a n a ta 
M aaM hna a r a n t a l wMt t o te rte ite A 

S. WHO MAT ENTER 

The S IO OOO Iw a a a t ta fc a t ' I T i t t e e n t a a n y r e tiM en t a t a n y a r e a w h e re th e t o a A m a n ia 1 1 p< a ,* anM 
Tha 
N e w t a r a 
M tttrih u ta M 
The a n t , ra rtu w a m a n t i t th a t h a a r th a h a t a a t o n a l to tu r r t y n u m b t i 
I ma ta y e a ! anM im m a M i a te ta m it o , a l la a r a t t - N a w t 
C e ra an A to a r IA 
A n e lin g 
C a . th a w a g a *-I, anM A n tr ib u te , I a r a n e t e tig to ia 
N O 
TUA CMA L l t i tttC IL L A A T TO I N T U OA C L A IM 
A M U I 
A n e n try cerA w it! h a lu n u th a M a g e n re g w e tl tra m th a to n 
A m a rn a 
( a g r e , , mn* 
Tha 
N e w t tra m H O a rn ta 
I JO 
A m . w e a k M ay , to m iw n g a u m * h a r t m a y t o u ia w aM a t th e I t - a n i l N e w t h ,it Mm g tra m 
I JO a rn. t a S:JQ yr rn 
M a t o e y - t r t . 
M ay. a r a t a u h i,i I tor a n a , M uring 
• p an t o u r . 
T O O 
N H O 
M O T lU M IC C tM 
OA 
M A H ! 
A N T 
•O A C M A U A u l y e u m u tt a m a r ta h a a lig to lt ta w in TMI! O T H A I ! 
T O tO to M tA I 
( ( H A K H O 
CT 
L A W 

I " 
" 
" 
" 
* 
1— K O M M TO POSTCARD, ALEASE! a a . m e a ._ m , 

San Antonio Exprf^s 
^ rh e New^s ’ 5 o , o o o S W E E P S T A K E S 7 7 
□ 

Iaiii 
Ii 

Iiiiii 

 l a 

Moil to 

I t p r g t t O h o N e w t S W E E P S T A K E S 

» O 
S o t 2 5 8 5 

S o n A n t o n io . T e . o t 7 8 2 9 / atten Circulation dept 

MV SOCIAL SCC IM IYT MUM SU ISI 
□ □ □ - □ □ - □ □ □ a 

TIS 
□ 
NO 

Pt*oi* anta, me in the 

S W E E P S T A K E S c m d 
I w o u l d 

( A e t o e r n e , a t o b t c n p t i o n t i t 

 m d i c o t e d b e l o w t o , t h e n e t t 

9 o d a y , 

P l e t n e e n t e r m e in t h e 

S W E E P S T A K E S b u l I pieta, 

 n o t t o o r d e r O m b lr o p t i o n t o 

 t h e p o p e , , a t t h a t im e 

T E L E P H O N E 
N A M I 
........ 
A D P M 
1 8 ____________ 

CITY 
»... 
_ 
_ 
CD P t e o i e a i o n d e i* y e r y ©• t h e N e w t 8 S u n d o y CD P t e o i e t t o r t de*'*#,, o ! t h e E t p r e t i A Sun do, 
I J Pleat# ‘ t o n delvery ©♦ b o t h E t p r e i i and New, 

C l I o r n s t e a d y a ‘ u t o t m b e , t o t h e E t p r e i i . p t e o i e o d d t h e N e w t M o n d o , h d o , t o m y t u b t < n p t > « r 

C D I a m a l r e a d y o m b u r ib g t t o t h e N e w t . p t e o i e o d d th# E t p r e i i M o n d a y I , . a t r y t o m y t o b t * . n p n o 

1 2 n o o n . ~~ 
Deadline 
Til© S . 
3 ~8 _ 7 / 

WINNING 
NUMBERS 

$5o,ooo 
SWEB1PS1PAM 

$ 5 o 4 5 8 ‘ 3 2 ' 7 6 4 2 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*25 37o-14-o8o9 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 5 7 ' 3 2 ' 1 6 1 4 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
* | Q 449-84- 1885 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 2 5 3 2 7 - o1-53o3 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

263-55-7155 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 4 6 4 - 2 6 - 6 1 8 6 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
*1o 457-68-5724 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

4 6 3 - 3 8 - 1 7 8 o 

TWO ’5 SPURS TICKETS 
253-o5-6998 

TWO ’5 SPURS TICKETS 

Errant rabbit faces chair 

A5SQCIATED PRESS 
V IR G IN IA BEACH.,- 
Va. —. Patrolman Wray 
Boswell may have to bail out a bunny with a police record this week. 
Boswell, a kind soul, doesn't want the rabbit to perish. He says he would feel responsible if the bunny died, because he was the one of tile policemen who arrested him. 
Boswell and his partner. Ken Stolle, were riding in their patrol car when they saw the rabbit lying in the middle of the street. 
“ We thought he was 

 dead,'* said Boswell. 
“ Then he hopped a few feet, stopped and looked ut Ken.” 
After vainly cheeking a 
1 few homes to see if any­ one was missing a black rabbit, the oft leers put him in their ear and took him to headquarters. 

Cooperative 

The prisoner for the most part was “ very cooperative. 
He just jumped around a little in the back seat,” said Bos­ well. 
At headquarters, the officers filled out an ar­ rest card. 

F irs t name: Black. 
Last name: 
Rabbit. 
A lias: 
Black 
Bunny. 
Charge: Impeding tra f­ fic. Sex: Male. Height: 4 inches. Weight: 4 pounds. 
Date of birth: 197(i. 
They had told the pre­ cinct people thev were bringing in a really wild prisoner,” Boswell said. 
Stolle pretended he was 

 struggling, then wheeled around at the front desk w ith the ra b b it in his arms. 
They put the little 

 claimed or adopted him in a week. 
The week was up Sa­ turday. 
Boswell has asked that tin' execution be jumper in the jug over­ night. canceled. He figures even 
Officers from the Ani- a rabbit who breaks the mal Control Bureau took law deserves a chance to him away in the morning hop straight. And if no but said the rabbit would one else w ill take him, be destroyed if no one Boswell says he will. 

Claims not honored on Sat. or Sun. 

Ft. Sam major gets honored for service 

LIGHTS: TI mg. "tar", o 8 mg. nicotine av. per cigarette. FTC Report OFC. ‘76. LONG LIGHTS: 12 mg "tar", o.9 mg. nicotine av. per cigarette, by FTC metho 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SWEEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FORM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE AM OUNT W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W HICH 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE NEW S, 

OR WEEK END EXPRESS-NEWS THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 

MAJ. W B. ADAMS 
...gets medal 

Warning The Surgeon General Has Determined 

That Cigarette Smoking Is Dangerous to Your Health 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the m ore 

 drawings y o u ’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5 :3 o p.m. Monday * Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN WIN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you're the winner of our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $ 5 o o IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $ 2 5 o in prizes! 

,Tr - m a te t 
NATURAL WHOLE GRAIN BREAD 
• good taMm* naturel mm toed 
{ 

MMU 
oMCHID noun STOW M I M BMX! «M«T HOUN. 
V 
, smile WHI at m m HIAM Naut) mon am at oatma^ cmcwu 
< 
Hallo kAAiv. wNat ntt h a a smi tdku only anim bm vs sis a r 
KONET ic nmmiiivn cb astate na** ms v 
- - y r 
. ^ g v 
^ 
«r*T -r - 
, .. j r a i f t a ^ 

By EVE LYNN SAWYER 

Softly glowing votive lights in multi-branched candelabra on 
82 tables for IO emphasized the theme of the Pan American Op­ timist Club's Candlelight Ball. 

Yellow chrysanthem um s, pink and red carnations and orange and white gladiolas added to the beauty of the 

 tab les w here m e m b e rs and th e ir guests were seated. 

Turquoise banners with bouquets of 
Austrian tissue paper flowers in vi­ brant colors hung about the Banquet 
Hall of Convention Center. The dance floor was outlined with tall turquoise p e d e sta ls holding m a ssiv e arrangements of the paper flowers and feathery bamboo. 

Who,WhaLWhere 

O N THE SO C IA L SCENEJ 

It was the club’s lith charity ball and paid tribute to Red McCombs, civic leader. 
Mrs. 
McCombs was wearing a black velvet bodice trimmed in W and black taffeta skirt. 

P e a r Ann. 
Recently f you said iii your column. 
“ Soiwevv here iii t Ins world, ut ibis \ cry mo­ ment, several wives are b eatin g up th e ir h u s ­ bands.” 

I cannot tell you what] those words meant to m e .! 
You see, I thought I was the only man in the world whose wife beat him up) regularly. 
The first time my wife knocked me aro u n d I couldn’t beliese it. \Nhen we were going together she n ever showed this side of herself. I fell so h u m ilia te d I couldii t discuss it with anyone 
I m ade three appoint­ m ents with a m arriage c o u n se lo r aud broke th em all, I lied to my parents when they asked about the bruises on my lip and the black eye. 
You may wonder why I took such abuse. Well, I tried to tight buck but my wife is lu g g er and stronger than I ant. 
Finally, on the fourth try , I did keep an a p ­ pointment witll a counse­ lor. Ile was scry under* 

Landers 

 standing — didn t laugh or make any unkind re­ marks. He asked me to bring my wife iii s o the three of us could discuss the problem. She agreed. 
We get along so much better now. My wife still has a temper, but she doesn't hit me anymore. 
T h an k you. Ann. for changing my lite. I owe you a lot — A New Man 
Dear Man: Glad I was able to help. And now — ail you readers who ac­ cuse- me of copping out when 
I say, 
‘’(let counseling” — aren’t you asham ed’* 

Red Cross plans course 

The Bexar County lied 
Cross will sponsor a basic first aul in s tr u c to r 's course at Hi a.m. March 
12 ut the M. ll. Calderon 
Branch of the Boys Clubs of San Antonio. 
The class is open to all teachers or anyone who holds a current Heel Cross 

 basic first aid certificate 
The course is free but a all cent fee for the textbook will be charged. 
Anyone interested iii registering should call the Bexar County Bed 
C ross Chapter. Registra­ tion deadline is T h u rs ­ day. 
N u vy wives /fluti dinner 

Navy Officers* Wives 
Club of San Antonio will hold a put luck dinner in the home of Mrs, David 
Rust at 7 p.in March 12 
Co-hostess will be Mrs 
II I). Jones 
New Iv elected officers 

 include M ines. A. J, 
Smith, president; Stacy 
I lardy, F. It, Buck and 
N 
I i , Holt, M C C p re si­ dents. W ilium W Intake!' s e c re ta ry ; and David 
Itust, treasurer 

.Moi (gill I lUted Metho­ dist Women will meet at 
7/W p m , Thursday ut lite church 

Mrs. lie n u e F lu ste r will present the program / 
“ Cult to P ray er and Sell 
Denial." 

Dear Ann L anders: 
T hree w eeks a lte r my child was bom I had a nervous breakdown. My doctor put me iii a private hospital but it was so ex­ pensive I had to transfer to a state institution. 
A tter fivt m on th s, I made a complete recov­ ery and I rn ut home feeling super 
I ’m not a sh a m e d of having been hospitalized for a mental illness but some of my friends have made me uncomfortable. 
One woman asked what it was like to be “ insane." 
With so m uch being w ritte n th e se days, wouldn’t you think they’d know b e tte r ? A word from you would mean a hit. — Jatksonv tilt* 
Dear J.: Many severely disturbed people m ask their problem s success­ fully. 
Som e of your friends who are walking around are a lot sicker m e n ta lly th an the p a ­ tie n ts in in stitu tio n s . 
Congratulations on your splendid recovery! 

B u l> \ s i t t e r s 

D ear Ann L anders: 
W hat a pathetic litany of com plaints about baby­ sitters was voiced in the le tte r sig n ed “ Vexed 
Aplenty." 
Not since the Middle 
Ages has there been such hum an exploitation as spelled out by that corre­ spondent 
My e x p e rie n c e with teen-age babysitters bas been good. I paid them well and alw ay s had plenty of food for them to eat. Not one sitter in all the 15 years I depended on them **v cr took adv an­ lage et lite. 
Why complain about a sitter using M adam e s hun blower aud curlers * 
Aud how vail one expect a healthy teen-ager to re­ train (rum using a swim­ ming pool** 
To restrict Hie use of tile television is being unrealistic. But worst of all. Ann. lo expect anyone 

 to work for lh cents an hour! 
Now 
T H A T S disgraceful! — One Who 
Believes In I air Treat­ ment 
Dear One: I liked your letter — all but that bit about the hair-blovver and curlers. 
A sitter should not as­ sume she is entitled to use the personal belong­ ings of the lady of the house. If she wants to use som ething, she should 

 ask permission — iii ad­ vance. 
Don’t get burned bv a 
“ line" that’s too hot to handle. Play it cool with 
Ann Landers’s guide to 
“ Necking and Petting — 
What Are the Lim its?" 
Send your request to Ann 
Landers, care of The Ex- I press. Box 2171. Sun An- j tome. Tex. 7K297, enclos­ ing 5o cents in coin and a | long. sta m p e d , self-ad- ! dressed envelope. 

 o w b iM n v 

Brass Headboards and Beds 
25% m 
B EVM 

• NORTH5IDI 
243* Nao»fdo(h«i 
8 2 4 - 6 3 7 9 

C O . 

* SOUTHSIDE 
It* i W Minter? 
9 2 4 - 5 o 9 5 
* FACTORY St SHOWROOM 
1 3 1 3 I MotWfea.ry 
5 3 4 - 6 1 9 5 

Glowing candles light charity ball 

San Antonio Express 

T«k«* g re a te st mmmtng neerMMtper 

M onday 

March 7 I 977 

Counseling cools temper 
NEW! 

T h eir g u e sts included th e ir daughters and son-in-law, 
Mr, and 
Mrs. John Shields, Lynda McCombs, and her escort, Roy Spence of Austin. 
Additional guests were Dr. and Mrs. 
Harold Cooper, Dr. and Mrs. David 
Jacobson, Messrs. and Mines. David 
Gavin, Sidney Sparks and Charles 
Herrick. 
As McCombs entered the Conven­ tion Center, he said he had been listen­ ing to the Spurs beat Buffalo. The couple was escorted to their table after speaking to President and Mrs. 
Joe O’Con, and others in the receiving line. 
When the program began. 
O’Con welcomed the 82o guests and intro­ duced 
Rudy Esquivel. 
NI 
(!. He thanked the black tie audience for supporting the club’s youth projects to the tune of half a million dollars through the years. 
Ben Alley, of Austin, governor of 
Optimist International Zone 9, paid special tribute to Eddie Galvan for his major contributions to the organiza­ tion. 
MR. AND MRS. DAN SAUCEDO, CHAIRMAN 
...w ith Mr. and Mrs. Joe O ’Con, Optimist president 

MR. AND MRS. RED MCCOMBS 
...honor guest at Pan American Optimist Ball 

Natural high liber goodness combined w ith a unique whole gram flavor ... that s GRAINOLA Bread 
And when toasted, ifs extra delicious! 
GRAINOLA Bread is an exclusive blend of spring wheat bran stone ground whole wheat flo u r... steam rolled whole wheat,.. oatm eal... cracked rolled barley whole rye meal and enriched flour. GRAINOLA contains no artificial ingredients... no preservatives no refined sugar. I he only sweetening used in 
GRAINOLA Bread is nature s own molasses and honey' 

HEARTY NUT-LIKE FLAVOR 
OUTSTANDING TASTE 

MR. AND MRS. GILBERT SAENZ 
...M r. and Mrs. Ben Alley of Austin at Candlelight Ball 

PHOTOS BV STL VI CAMPBIU 

Dancers 

Mayor Lila Cockrell spoke briefly and attracted more attention later on when she was invited lo dance by Dr. 
Jose San Martin. As those two mayoral candidates danced, their spouses also took a twirl on the floor. 
Rep. Matt Garcia represented Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe and tin* governor’s spe­ cial assistant. Rudy R. Flores came from Austin with Mrs. Flores. 
Dan Saueedo, general chairman of the b ill, was com plim ented for bis successful production, and recognition also went to Gilbert Saenz, Optimist lieutenant-governor of District 9. and 
Mrs. Pete Cantu, president of the San 
Antonio Optimists. 
When 
Red McCombs was intro­ duced. he quipped he had to be born an optimist. He explained that both his parents were brunets, and that “ when I came along as a redhead — things didn t go too well." 

Involved 
More seriously, he spoke of having problems with people who don’t seem to care, who don’t get involved. "In San 
Antonio we have good reason to be 
Optimists. Let’s all participate and be involved and grow with each other." 
Manny Luna, decorations chairman, escorted Ixiis Campos to the ball. A graduate student at Our Lady of the 
Lake, she is studying language and learning disabilities. Originally from 

Port Lavaca, Miss Campos has lived in 
San Antonio seven years. She was dressed in green chiffon. 
Mel and Sandy Weingart were a little late. He was too busy with his duties as general manager of the Argyle to get away any sooner. 
Weingart is enthusiastic over the restaurant with continental cuisine he will also open in the Boardwalk shop­ ping center being built on Broadway. 
Hopefully, the doors will open in June. 

I Wish 

Adda (Mrs. E. B.) (astro is also going to have a shop iii the Boardwalk with her daughter. Adela, ll will In* a fabulous toy shop called I Wish, I Wish. 
The two ladies have just returned from a one-week visit in New York attending the International Toy Fair. 
Before the ball, the Castros dined with Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Rogers in the Sun Antonio Country Club. Seated with the Rogers were Mr. and Mrs. 
Dan Mel arty. 
The two men were talking big game hunting and fishing. 
McCarty’s most recent expedition was fishing in Alaska. His wife didn’t go. but he took their sons. 
The dance music by Paul Elizondo and his orchestra and the Jon Esquivel ensem ble ranged from a Latin beat to tioogic woogic. The old classics, "S tar­ d u st". "Once in Awhile" and "F II 
Never Smile Again" enticed others. 
The Pan American OptimistBall had something for everyone. 

NATURAL WHOLE GRAIN 
FIBER BREAD 

It s only natural . you’ll love GRAIN OLA 

S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E SS— 
M onday March 7 I 9 7 7 

By NANCY SCOTT JONES 

.JERUSALEM — Native San 
Antonian Barbara Kruskal has brought me to a sm all kosher cafe, “ Shemesh,” on Ben Yehu­ da, a main thoroughfare in this historic city's central business district. 

It is Sunday, the beginning of the workweek for most Israelis, and Bar­ bara has taken a long lunch hour from her job as m anuscript editor at the 
Israel Journal of Medical Sciences. It is the country’s only English-language professional medical .journal. 
Over a lunch of shishlik — a lamb and vegetable kabob — and stuffed eggplant (in Israel eggplant is availa­ ble at every meal), Barbara and I talk like two friends who have a lot of catching up to do. 
She is dressed in winter woolens, her short dark hair hidden by a cap. It is a cold rainy day. and the shelter of the cafe blocks out the wind, but not the dam p cold. Like m ost of I s r a e l's buildings, it is not heated. 
This is the first time we have met. 
San Antonio is our only connecting link. 
Yet, our conversation flows as if we had grown up together. 
It has been six years since Barbara and her husband. Marvin, and their three small children left San Antonio for Israel. Her mother. Charlotte F a­ gan, still lives here. 
The K ruskals have retained their 
I S citizenship, and ran to the U.S. consulate to vote on Election Day. 
Jimmy Carter was their choice. 
“ He lust looked so good to the U.S. 
Citizens over here," she says. 
Looking back, Barbara has no defin­ ite answers to offer about their decision to emigrate to this new nation. 

 native in Israel 

BARBARA KRUSKAL 
“ We are not Zionists," she says. 
She admits the move has been easier for her husband, who is beverage dir­ ector at the Jerusalem Hilton. In San 
Antonio, he once worked for the Little 
Rhein Steak House. 
(In a 1972 interview her husband ex­ plained the move, “ We came because we are Jewish. We are trying to con­ tribute to building a land for our peo­ ple. but not with big checks.") 
For Barbara it has meant shuffling the importance of material comforts and working twice as hard to maintain a standard of living comparable to the one she enjoyed in the U S 
“ Even during a good tourist season. 
Marvin’s salary is not enough," Bar­ bara says. 
Most of her colleagues at the journal, including professors and doctors, have working spouses. 

“ I am very much a creature of com­ fort," she grins, “ I miss consum er­ ism." 
After lunch, we window shop along 
Jaffa Road, and I see what she means. 

Trendy 

People are unconcerned with the style here, although many young girls look trendy — chic in their skin-tight fashion jeans rolled to the tops of their knee-length boots. 
One department store’s display fea­ tures jersey robes in gaudy prints — reduced from $5o to $3o. 
A miniature black and white tele­ vision set retails at $5oo. Color sets are 

 a s high as $1o,ooo. 
The Volkswagen the Kruskals paid 
$8,ooo for almost four years ago would now cost $2o,ooo. 
By Israeli standards, the Kruskals enjoy the good life. Barbara has a maid five days a week — an indulgence shared by few. 
"She’s a consolation,’’ Barbara says, 
“ I am not a career woman. I d rather be at home.” 
Barbara is at work at 7:3o a.m. and comes home at 3 p.m., just as Marvin is leaving for tin* Hilton. He puts in a 
12-hour day, and the couple usually sees one another on hi* day off. 
Life without tile Saturday shopping splurges of consumer-conscious 
Americans has been only part of Bar­ bara's cultural shock. 
T here have been adju stm en ts to make as a woman living in a society she was not reared in. 
Although there is a m ajority of working women here, they a n 1 just now picking up on w om en's liberation. 
Barbara says. “ They have demanded equal employment." 
Last month abortion was legalized for many reasons, says Barbara. While illegal, it was done for large profits. 

“ Women are revered here, and they are not aware of how much protection they have," she adds. 
Barbara also is concerned with the edu cation al fu tu re of h er eldest daughter, Robin, a 15-year-old. At 15, each student must take a series of exams to determine whether he or she will go to college or vocational school. 
There is no option. The student’s score determines his academic destination. 
“ It rules fait any individual progress or development," says Barbara, who thinks about a child who may be a late bloomer. 
She would like Robin to make her own career decision, and 15 is a young age to make that choice. 
“ Most of the families I have seen go back to the U.S. return because of teen-agers,” says Barbara. 
Robin, like all Israeli girls, will serve the compulsory two years in the armed services. Boys must serve three years. 
Barbara is realistic about her future in Israel. 
“ I know that by tin' time Matthew 
(their 7-year-old son) is grown up, there will not be peace. 
“ I f s not som ething one has any control of. You can teach your son to be a safe driver, but how can you teach him to be a safe soldier?" she asks. 
There are other things that Barbara 
Kruskal will never adjust to. “ What I can’t get used to is tho senseless ter­ rorism.” she says as we walk by the c h ild re n ’s store w here two of the 
Kruskals’ friends, parents of a new­ born baby, were randomly killed by a bomb planted on a parked motorcycle. 
“ We all miss America,” she says, 
“ and Matthew (who was one when they came to Israel) thinks he misses it." 
He wants to know if there really are men in America like T V s “ Six Million 
Dollar Man." Steve Austin. 

Tuesday: The old people of Jeru salem 

Mannequin model Patti wears aTvot pink jumpsuit and matching turban in Randolph Officers W ives Club fashion show Tuesday. 
Fashions from Rhodes will be modeled at I 1:3o a.m. in the 
Officers Club with Juanada Teas commentating. The event is sponsored by the Gourm et Club. 

Soothing feelings in Acapulco 

MR. AND MRS. ALVIN 
A. JENSCHKE 
Couple wed 5o years 

Mr. and Mrs. Alvin A. 
Jc n s c h k e c e le b ra te d their 5oth wedding anni­ versary Saturday with a m ass in St. G reg ory 's 
Catholic Church, followed with a dinner and dance. 

Hosts were the couple's 

 ch ild ren : M rs. E rn s t 
(Bernice) Schaefer, Mrs. 
Paul (Eunice) Healton, 
M rs. 
R ussell 
(R uby) 
W ildm an, M rs. Alvin 
(N o rm a ) 
R e in in g e r. 
Clifton Je n s c h k e and 
Mrs Franklin (Margie) 
Bendele. 
Start losing weight Today 
The Super Odrinex way 

It s The Push Tout WA Pone* 
Often Needs 
The hardest pari of losing aheight is gelling started And the Super 
Odrmei Reducing Plan is lust the right push youf anil power needs to start you losing e*tra pounds 

Eat INcll... But You Eat Less 
Super odrm e« contains the strongest most ejective reduc mg a>d available without a pre unction One tiny tablet at peah hunger periods quickly tames your hunger pangs 
You dont overeat so your calorie intake is reduced, your weight goes down 

Feel Alert Without 
Feeling Nervous 

Super Odrmei contains a mild stimulant to keep you tree of 
Chet depression 
It works wrfh out making you nervous or irrita 

We And ifs sate when used as directed • 

Look Better Feet Better... 
Be Health ret.. 

Super Odrmei starts working quickly to help give you the as surance you need to continue losing YouTI look and (eel belier 
And a slimmer more attractive you is a healthier you So. if your eitra pounds are due to overeat mg, start the simple, effective 
Super Odnnei Reducing Plan to day ‘ Read and follow package precautions carefully 
SUPER l « 
ODRINg 

 tor M e p ou r four « * p o u ff often m o d s 
JkiUernl more than a drug store 

Tho sunshine and beauty of Acapulco and the presence of 
Lady Bird Johnson, 
Henry and Nancy 
K issinger, 
Bob 
Strauss, 
Mary 
Lasker and heaven knows who all helped soothe Mexicans who had been ruffled by the news from Wa­ shington. 
S peaker 
O ’N e ill’s statement that addresses to C ongress, such as 
Mexican President Lopez 
P o rtillo m ad e, w ere a waste of legislators’ time added insult to injured feelings caused by Presi- j dent and Mrs. C a rte r's I failure to attend the em­ bassy reception in their honor. 
Both in the press and privately the sp eak er's re m a rk s w ere being called “ im p ud en t" and 
“ very r u d e ,” and the newspapers were saying that contrary to C arter a d m inistratio n beliefs. such d iscou rtesies will hurt U.S.-Mexican re la­ tions. 
Glamorous 

But form er President 
Miguel Aleman, head of 
Mexico’s tourism coun­ cil. brushed ii all off with a wily smile as not im­ portant. 
As co-host with Braniff chairm an Harding Law­ rence to Beautiful People who had flown in from all parts of the country and 
Europe, he wasn't about to inject a discordant note into a glamor-filled weekend. 
Even a deeply tanned 
Kissinger is getting more glamorous. having lost ll pounds, “ I am on the way to Iwing totally irre- 

SAVE NOW! FAMOUS LABEL 
E 
EASTER FASHIONS • » 
JUST RECEIVED N EW SHIPMENT! 

MISSES & JR. 
•DRESSES 
•PANTSUITS 

MISSES & JR. 
JUMPSUITS 
• DENIM 
• COTTONS 
• POLYESTERS 
SAVE LOTS OF 

JUST UNPACKED! 
MISSES & JR. 
SPORTSWEAR 
• PANTS • JACKETS 
• T-TOPS • SKIRTS 
• BLOUSES 
• SWIMSUITS 
6o1 
HIAM 
N K S 

★ FINAL CLEARANCE— MON. & TUES. ONLY * 

Odds & Ends Sportswear 
WM< 
Original Val. to $3o.oo. (All $«(•» Find) Rte* Lott 

447 W. HILDEBRAND 

733-9o41 

OPEN MON A THURS 
THI 1:oo P M, 
DARI A SAI. THI A PM 

JOANNE HERRING W ITH EMILIO PUCCI 
...he w as invited by Bob Herring 

 over her sistable," he said. 
Beautiful bodies (not too well covered), super-thin 
Halston models, famous hostesses, noted oil men. in d u stria lists and international p a rty-trot­ te rs dotted A capulco parties day and night. 
T here was Houston's gorgeous brunette Baro­ ness Fnriquc de Portano- va with her equally gor­ geous Ricky (h e ’s so handsome he was once suggested for the part of 
Rudolph Valentino) who will next m onth s ta rt building his own small palace in Acapulco next to Bruno Paghai's. 
Sandra de Portanova is the one who had ll mil­ lion worth of jewels sto­ len from New York’s Re- gency Hotel’s safe depo­ sit boxes and is now suing the hotel. 
Cl tanner* 

There was New York beauty Betsy Bickering who looked smashing by 
Bruno's pool in a bikini costum e and brim m ed 

 love is 

 siqmmj his cast u uh a kiss. 

 hat pulled low scarfed head. 
T h e re w as Houston charm er Joanne Herring with husband Bob, head of Houston Natural Gas and a member of Presi­ dent Carter's new Energy 
Conserv at ion Committee, who talked for over an hour with c o m m itte e chairm an K issinger at the Bortanovas* dinner party. 
Pakistan Ambassador 
Y aqub Khan and his handsome Begum were at that dinner along with the fabulous C h arles 
Fawcett, the Am erican movie actor of 13U films whose own life has been m ore fascin ating than any of them. 
He first joined the Po­ lish army to fight Hitler s forces, then the French, then the French under­ ground. then the RAF. later joining forces with the Greeks to fight the 
Communists, still later helping H u n g a ria n r e ­ fugees escape. 
There was Nashville's beauteous Jan e Dudley w ho confided that she and husband 
G uilford, form er a m b a ssa d o r to 
D en m ark , w ere sw im ­ ming in the buff i i i the private |>oo| beside their casita at Las B risa s 
(w here the in d iv id u al white villas spill down the hillside overlooking the Buy of Acapulco and the Pacific Ocean) when 
— imps! — one of the ho­ tel men unexpectedly 
-bowed up to deliver lite newspaper 

G u t M * 

There were San Frail* 

 c i s c o s Dcm se and Pron* 

 t is Hale, L A 's B e t s y anti 
Alfred Bloomingdale and 

Arlene Dahl and husband 
“ Skip” Schaum. 
W a sh in g to n ’s Deeda and Bill Blair; P a ris ’s 
Sao Schlumberger. wife of Pierre Schlumberger of oil-drilling equipment m illions, who brought handsom e young E gyp­ tian Prince Nagib. 
And N.Y.’s Cheray Du- chin, who soloed at the p a rtie s until 
P e te r showed up lo play for the dinner Sunday night at the C on tinental Hotel w here Mrs. A lexander 
( alder unveiled her hus­ band’s last work, the ab­ stract painting entitled 
“ S alute to 
M exico” executed on a six-foot model airplane. 
Mrs. Lopez P ortillo was scheduled to unveil the painting which will be transferred this spring lo a Braniff jet but for some reason didn t make it. 
Louisa ( a ld e r, still mourning the great artist who died last November, had no words to say, but 
Whitney Museum direc­ tor Tom Armstrong and 
( aider’s good friend and 
New York gallery owner 
Klaus Peris both called it 
('aider’s happy message to Mexico. 
It in co rp o rated U.S. colors a s well as Mexico’s 

 to symbolize the im por­ tance of our close bond. 

Marquese Emilio Pucci was greeted at the party 
F rid a y night at 
Las 
Brisas by hostess Mary 
Wells Lawrence, wearing a beige Halston gown. 

And the next night at the dramatic Taj Mahal restaurant there was a 
Halston fashion show that began with his designs for B ra n iff p e rso n n e l which will replace the p re se n t u n ifo rm s d e ­ signed by Pucci. 

How did Pucci happen to come down for these doings then? “ I invited him ," grinned Bob Her­ ring, who flew a group there in his private plane, 
"and I didn't tell him.” 

The airw ay fashions, drooled over and coveted by everybody there, bore no resem blance to uni­ forms — from the tan Ul­ trasuede treneheouts and matching hats and the chic g a b a rd in e th ree- piece su its for both ste w a rd s and s te w a r ­ desses to the beige silk jersey d resses for hos­ tesses. 

The rest of the show — the tapering thin pants with soft blouses, the on e-sh o u ld er evening gow ns, the s p lit-sk irt dresses (Mary Lawrence said she couldn't sit down in hers because it bared both legs from the knees up) — showed off Hal- ston's talent for line and movement because nary a jewel was used to en­ hance a costume. 

G ra m m y ), flew over from Germany to make their first appearance in the Western hemisphere at the Friday night bash. 
Listening to the disco beat against the jewelled coastline backdrop on the p erfect tro p ic a l night w ere the Bill S atires, 
Loci and G loria G u in ­ ness, Dav id Mahoney of 
New York, chairman of 
Norton Simon, with his pretty friend HUdegarde 
Merrill. 
Also Tiffany president 
Harry Platt, Earl Black- well, Estee and Joseph 

Lauder, the Algur Mea­ dows of Dallas, Raymond 
Mason, the multimillion­ aire Floridian, A capul­ co’s Sloane Simpson, and 
Warren Avis who is buy­ ing up Washington real estate including choice 
G eorgetow n riv e rfro n t property. 
To help them all get aro un d even fa ste r, 
Harding Lawrence broke the news that his airline will shortly link up with 
Concorde service to Dal­ las that will cut the time from Paris to Acapulco from 2o to IO hours. 

Doctors Prove You Can Help Shrink 
Swelling Of Hemorrhoidal Tissues Due To 
Inflammation. Relieve Pain And Itch Too. 
Gives prompt temporary relief from hemorrhoidal pain and itch in many cavea. 

Vt hat Do the Stars Hold for You? 
Jeane Dixon 
(-an Tell You. 

Today in The News. 

H a t t o n 

Halston showed up in black sw im m ing briefs and black jersey pullover at the beath party Indow the Melehor Perusquias’ villa to which everyone cruised across tile bay, including Lady B ird, 
Florence Vander Kemp, 
A m b assad or and Mrs. 
Juan Gallardo (Gallardo wondering who would re­ place American Ambas­ sador John Jova. “ the liest ambasador to Mexi­ co ") and Jeanette and 
Octaviaiio Longoria 
The latter is the mil­ lionaire who has turned desert sand in Mexico, 
Egypt and Saudi Arabia into farmland. 
The famed disco group, 
Hie Silver Convention (15 m illion reco rd s and a 

KLRNTV nom 7 IM Ammo* 7*71* 
••m • ton A r i m I* / IJH 

□BN 
AM 
. Mn 
••eeew# § 
□•IOO 

C hm m * • K M M v rn * * * * 
TMK S O H CHAC 

KAM I. 

ADOR ISS, 
Cl? sr a ii 

By George ( . 
Thosteson, 1H.D. 

Why you write to 
Thosteson 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I read your column and find it interesting and informative. 
There s one thing I cannot for the life of me understand. 
Why would a grown person pay good money to see a physician or specialist concerning an illness and still feel so uninformed about a problem to write you for further information? I imagine there are doctors who won't take the time to explain. Or is it that the patient doesn’t ask’’ 
I was always afraid to insist on such informa­ tion until I realized that often you must be firm and see to it that all your questions are answered. 
The general questions in your column are fine, but maybe you could help these people by printing a set of guide­ lines on how to ask and get answers from a phy­ sician. — A Header. 
The problem of com­ m unication between doctors and patients is as old as medicine itself 
The answer is not as simple us it first appears. Most physicians agree with you that an informed patient is a better patient 
But the barriers to full understanding are formida­ ble. In the first place, diagnosis is often a long procedure. There are times when the doctor does not know or is unsure about things. At times he (or she) may feel he knows but is not sure enough to say. 
Often the patient is reluctant to seek information for a variety of reasons, lie may be unequipped to un- 
“derstand medical terms or may not want to know . 
Communications 

‘ The doctor may lie hard put to explain in under­ standable non-teehnieal language just what is wrong 
^sidSuSWiat he suspects is wrong. Often he may not have 
^rntwgh time for a detailed explanation. One answer to some of these problems may be a specialized kind of medical professional, such as the new physician assistants. These are men and women highly trained in general medical problems, anatom y, nursing. etc., and with the time and ability to inform indivi­ dual patients in detail about illnesses and their prescribed treatment. Many doctors are hiring such people to work with their patients. 
Communicating medical information is not the easiest task in the world. Most ailments do not lend themselves to description "in 25 words or less." I have learned this from years of answering readers questions. It is as easy to oversimplify as to be overly technical and complex. 
This may seem a long, roundabout way of not answering your question. The truth is there is no set of guidelines to cover all individual situations between doctors and patients. So I suspect there will always be the need for columns such as mine, which hopefully do help bridge the communications gap somewhat at least. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: What does the word "bru it" mean? My doctor told mc I have this. — M N , 
It is a French word that means noise. Medically it means a sound or abnormal noise in an artery or from the heart detected with a stethoscope. A heart murmur is a bruit (pronounced with an "c c " end­ ing). 
Thermograms 

N O TE TO MKS. O L. — Yes, thermograms can give false readings. The thermogram picks up pat­ terns of heat in body tissue. There may be a con­ centration of heat in one spot, which may or may not represent a malignancy. 
A recent issue of the Journal of the American 
Medical 
Association recommends that thermo­ graphy be done before manipulation examination of the breast or before X-rays. Manipulation, even 
Xofc*ys done before thermograms, can disturb tissue 
,$jtj produce subtle innocent changes that can be 
*mu*taken for abnormalities. 
" ha* about co m tipo tion ? M any can be relieved of it, both 
■ mentally and physically, by reading Dr. Thosteson's booklet, 
The 
Stop Constipation.'* for a copy write to him in care of this newspaper, enclosing o long, self addressed, stamped envelope 

 em* cents. 

A man look his wife lo a p s y c h ia tr is t and s a id . 
WhatVher-name here com p lains I don't show her enough attention " 
Unlike the oblivious bus band, today's dummy had valid reasons for a com­ plaint 
Eleven tricks were there to take if only declarer would look for them Unfor­ tunately. all he saw were finesses arid a vulnerable game was lost 
North made an excellent decision when he hid tour diamonds instead of passing three no trump At no trump, the defense would score at least three spades, a red king and the club ace for down one 
At five diamonds, the play was interesiin g bul declarer lost sight of his priorities 
Dummy» spade ace won the first trick and a trump finesse went to West’s king 
West returned a trump which was won in dummy Now the heart finesse was tried hut there was no luck there either 
West collected the heart king and the club ace beat the hand one trick 
Declarer lost two of two finesses Only a 25 per cent chance in theory but West s double sfiould have made this no surprise 
Had declarer remembered (he bidding and counted his w inners, he could have made his game without resorting to any finesses 
Alter winning the spade ace instead of taking a trump finesse. South should have led a club West would win and rn urn a suede, hut 
South would ruff Next two high dubs would provide two heart discards front dummy and declarer could cross ruff safely in spades and hearts 

SO UTH 
4 A 8 7 S 4 2 
♦ Q IO 9 
♦ w IO H 
+ 2 

37 A 

WEST a k w J tt 
¥ K 3 2 
♦ K b 
♦ A 8 7 3 

EAST a mb t 8 7 4 
♦ 5 4 2 
A in ’I ti 5 4 
SOI TH a a 
♦ A .Jb ) 
♦ A J 9 T 3 
♦ K it I 

Vulnerable 
North South. 
Dealer South. The bidding 

South 
Wnsl 
Morth 
Kau 
I ♦ 
Dbl 
14 
Pav, 

 i t 
P a - 
34 
Pass 

3 NT 
Cav. 
44 
Pass 
54 
Pa*'- 
P e 
Pa** 

Opening pades cad 
King n 

 a A 8 7 j 4 
V W lo s 
♦ y IO 8 
42 

North s«y|h ia i* 
.■a 

Answer I wo spades He bul 
(he tux card suit hoping (hat 
Norths hand will provide a better dummy for a spade contract than Souths hand will provide al clubs 

ROACHES $12 
AGGIE PEST 
735-8231 

 a looms 
SHO 
KAMANU 
U M S C 
HUI ItftMVt Ut if f Cl 1o*4 

( E x p r e s s 
PICK 

8 p m 
N BC M O N D A Y N IG H T AT THE M O V IE S : Soon Connery stars as a desert chieftain w h o kidnaps an American widow (Candice Bergen) and her two children in "The W ind and The lio n ." He uses them as pawns to get conces­ sions from President Teddy Roosevelt, played by Brian Keith. (Ch. 4) 

 v y.v 
-I; •.•. 
.-VWCil 
: - 
—— -- 
— 
..rat— 
■ll lr ■ 
■■■■■mill 
Alone!ay T V 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 1977 

K M m r v a 
NSC 
KENS-TV 
O 
CBS 
KLRN-TV 
O id 
KSAT-TV 
© 
ABC 

MS) Adelante 
(7)Today 
(7:25) News 
(7 3o) Toriny 

Tom Brokaw 

(1:25) 4 Big News 
Today 

Sanford and Son 
Redd fox* 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshall 

Wheel of fortune 
Chuck Woolery 
Shoot for the Stars 
Geoff Edwards 

JO ANN HARRIS 
...X p m.. Ch. 12 

X a m. (Ch. 5) - CAPTAIN 
KANGAROO • The Three 
Bears go to Bunny Rab­ bit’s tea-party while the 
Captain babysits at their house, protecting it from 
Goldilocks. The Captain reads the book ‘‘The 
Giant Giraffe” 

9 (Ch. 12) • THE MIKE 
DOUGLAS SHOW - Lyn­ da Carter is co host with guests The Bay City 
Rollers, Jerry Vale, Ca- terina Yalente, Gallagher and Atilla the Hun (High vvire act) 

 ll (Ch. 12) - SECOND 
CHANCE • A unique new game show played for high stakes, with equally high risks prem ieres today with Jim Peck as host. Three contestants compete for thousands of dollars in cash and valuable merchandise in which they have the op­ portunity to second guess tl\emselves and change their original answer -a unique second chance. 

2 p.m. (Ch. 5) • ALL IN 
THE FAMILY • "Edith. the Job Hunter." ( Part 
Three) A third -week without A rchie's pay­ check creates friction, and although it's been 26 years since Edith had a paying job, she goes job hunting. (R ) 

3:3o (Ch. 12) - THE NEW 
MICKEY MOUSE CLUB 
- Thrills and spills make tip the exciting world of young motocross racers, today's special feature. 

I 
(Ch. 
12) 
EM ERG ENCY! ONE • 
‘‘The Inspection.” In between crises. Squad 51 has to prepare for in ­ spection of the fire sta­ tion. (R ) 

o:3o (Ch. 12)-THE EYES 
OF TEXAS • The camer­ as visit the singing cadets of Texas A&M; a handmade hoot and .sad­ dle shop in Fort Worth; a small town built on a huge rock formation; the history of the " little campus” at the Univer­ sity of Texas* and a un­ ique college scholarship program in a small Tex­ as town. 

7 
(Uh 
I) 
- 
BILLY 
GRAHAM CRUSADE TO 
THE NATION TELEVI­ 
SION • The Crusade was taped during 
Dr. 
Graham's messages at the Southeastern M i­ chigan Crusade held before last November’s election,in Pontiac Me­ tropolitan Stadium in 
Detroit. The music in­ cluded a 3JMM)-voice choir directed by Cliff Barrows and other singers arid musicians consisting of 
Johnny and June Cash, 
Norma Zim m er. Ex ie 
Tornquist. 
Andrae 
Crouch, M yrtle H all. 
George Beverly Shea and 

 ll 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
:45 
12 
I 

OO 
: 15 
3o 
4* 

E ve n tu a lly West would score a trump trick lo go with 

 blk club ace hut declarer s game would be safely tucked away 

K id W ith ( orn 
South holds 

2 

OO 
:1S 
3o 
45 
3 
4 

OO is 
3o 
45 

OC 
: I 5 
3o 
45 
5 

OO 
IS 
3o 
45 
6 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
45 

Home Tbot Tune 
Tom Kennedy 
TV 4 Big New* 
Frank Matthews 

The Gong Show 
Chuck Barns 
Days of Our 
Lives 

The Doctors 

Another Work) 

My Three Sons 
Fred MccMurray 
The lucy Show lucille Boll 

CBS Morning News 
Hughes Rudd 
Bruce Morton 

Captain 

Kangaroo 
Bob Keeshon 

I Dream of Jeonnie 
Price is Right 
Bob Barker 

 is host 

Love of life 
CBS News 

The Young 
8 The Restless 
Search for 
Tomorrow 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
As the 
World Turns 

The Guiding 
Ljqbt___ 

Gunxmoke 
Jim Amess 
Amanda Bloke 
Milburn Stone 

Giliigon s Island 
Bob Oenver 
NBC Nightly 

News 

7 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
8 

OO 
15 
3o 
45 
9 
1o 

OO 
: I 5 
3o 
: 45 ll 

OO 
: 15 
:3o 
.45 

TV 4 Big News 
Gene Lively 
Martha Buchanan 
Jim Dawson 

Billy Graham 
Crusade to the Notion 

NSC Monday Night at the Movies 
The Wind ond the lion" 

All In The Family 
Carroll o Connor 
Match Game 77 
Gene Rayburn 

Tattletales 
Ber! Convy 
Bewitched 
E Montgomery 

The Brody Bunch 
Robert Reed 
Hogan s Heroes 
Bob Crane 

Eyewitness News 
Bob Koop 
CBS News 
Walter Craniate 

Mister Rogers 

Neighborhood 
Sesame Street 

KWEX-TV 
CX) 
Ind 

Good Morning 
(7 25) NewsWotch 
Good Morning, 
America 

Physical Science 

The Electric 
Compony 
Physical Science 

Carroscolendos 
Segmented 
Physical Science 

Bcend ond Butter 
Animals 8 Such 
Physical Science 

Interm Spanish letter People 
Physical Science 

The Electric 
Compony 
Physical Science 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Marrou 
Hollywood Squares 
Peter Marshall 

The Jeffersons 
Sherman Hemsley 
Busting loose 
Adam Arkin 

Seen Connery 
Candice Bergen 
Brian Keith 
John Huston 

TV 4 Big News 
Gene lively 
The Tonight Show 

Staring 
Johnny Canon 

(12:)S)Tomonow 

Maude 
Bec Arthur 
All s fair 
^Richard Crenno 

The Andros 
Targets 
James Sutonus 
Pamela Reed 

Eyewitness News 
Chris Marrou 
CBS late Movie 
J7<o|ok Diejlefore 

They Woke‘ 
Telly Sovolas 
The Magician 
Bill Bixby 

 let s All Sing 
Two Cents Worth 
Physical Science 

Intern Spanish 
Physical Science 

Cover to (over 

Sesame Street 

The Electric 
Compony 
Villa Alegre 

David Hartman 

(8 25) NewsWotch 
Good Morning, 
America 

The Mike 
Douglas Show lyndo Carter is co host 

All My 
Children 
Hoppy Doys 
Ron Howard 

Second Chance 
Jim Peck 
Ryan s Hope 

NewsWotch 
Quin Mathews fomily feud 
Bichord Dawson 

SZO,OOO Pyramid 
Dick Clark 
One life to live 

MocNeil/ lehrer Report 
This Week 
—Mondov 

Live Music 
Special 
Vinca Bell l orry Gotlm 

Steve fromboU i.W Stevenson 
Alex Harvey 
Rusty Wier 

(I) Sign Off 

General Hospital 
John Beradino 

The Edge of Nigh* 
New Mickey 
Mouse Clu!) 

Emergency One 
Randolph Mcntooth 
Kevin Tighe 
Robert fuller 

The Partridge 
Fomily 
ABC Evening News 
Reasoner Walters 

NewsWotch 
Oon Colson 
The Eyes of Texas 

The Captain 
And Tennille 
Dory! Dragon 
Tom Tenmile 

Enrique 
Alvarez 
Felix 
IO p m . 
Ch. ll 

Alda 
Mont) 
IO. p. rn., 
Ch. 41 

 fn Son Antonio 
Mortho Gutierrei 

Coco Drib 
Bertico Cornea 
Mundo de 
Juguete 

El Hgo de 
Angelo Mono 
Rolcndo Borrol 
Johono Rosaly 

Reporter 41 
Gloria I Rodorte 
Oscar Zamora 
Cuco Rodriguez 

Most Wonted 
Robert Stock 
Jo Ann Horns 
Shelly Norack 

The leather and father Gang 
Stefome Powers 
Horah Could 

NewsWotch 
Don Colson 
Mary Hartman, 
Mary Hortmon 

Ironside 
Raymond Burr 
Don Galloway 
(12) The FBI 

Baroto de 
Primovera 
Jacqueline Anders 
Enrique tiralde 

Premiere 
Me Case con un Curo’’ 
Mnuro Mont 

 lucho Gotten 

 lo ImpcHonoble 
Amparo Rivelles 
24 Horas 
Jacobo 

Zobludovsky 

(12) Sign OH 

Pr arrant listinf* tony Hod in Ibis lo* ara fwmixkad by tho tabmtian stations cmd ara wbfoct to lort-cornuto draw l TW i i un n t r It not rosnanslbU urban Hatton ora In orror.________________ _____________ 
Q u a sa r 12;., 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 
£ a a a a a a aUses Less energy than a 75 Won hght Mb 
• lightweight, only 28 lbs 

GEORGE’S 
TV 
2415 Harry Wurz. at Rittiman Rd. 

828 13o6 

 the Murk Furrily. Guest was 
Charles 
Colson, former aide to President 
Nixon. The crusade will continue tomorrow and 
Wednesday evenings. 

7 (Ch. 5) - THE IEE 
EERSONS * Mother Je f­ ferson stirs up trouble when she invites one of 
George’s old girlfriends to the house for dinner and George soon finds out there are still some sparks in the old flame. 

7 (Ch. 9) - LIVE MUSIC 
SPEC IAL 
- 
Gram m y 
Award winner Lu rry 
Gallin, Steve Fromholz, 
Rusty 
W ier, 
B W . 
Stevenson. Alex Harvey aud Vince Bell w ill be featured performers on this special, airing at 
K LR N 's Austin studio. 
The special is one of several programs includ­ ed in Festival *77. public television’s annual fund­ raising and awareness campaign March 4-2o. 

7 (Cb. 12) • THE CAP 
TAIN It TE N N IL L E • 
Tonight’s guests are 

John Byner, Ben Vereen, 
Manfred Mann & The 
Earth Band. LeVar Bur­ ton and Cham. 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - BUSTING 
LOOSE • Lenny faces a perplexing rom antic problem: his boss, Ralph 
Cabell, has a gorgeous, very eligible daughter, hut for some unaccoun­ table reason. 
Cabell refuses lo let her dale 
Lenny. 

X (Ch 
5) - M A LDE 
Maude’s aunt Eola, who is irresistible to married men - and vice versa zeroes in on Mrs. Nauga­ tuck’s husband. Ber!, as her next conquest. 

8p(!2)MOST WANTED IN NEW 
*TIME/SERIES A H!T!(Adv.) 

 sid er” 
A series of bizarre suicides by lead­ ing citizens in the 

 financial community shocks the city as there are no apparent reasons for the wealthy men lo he taking their own lives. 
John Saxon, Jason Evers and Trish Stewart guest star 

X:3o (Ch. 5) ALL S FAIR 
- C harley’s liberalism was bound lo draw the 
FBI's notice. She has an upcoming photo trip to 
Mongolia and the feds are suspicious. Conser­ vative Richard is put right in the middle of the matter. 

9 (Ch. 5) - THE ANDROS 
TARGETS - The first part of this one concerns the heart-break of a mother whose son is lost to a strange religious order. He is killed fleeing the Spiritual Revelation 
League camp, and the motlier contacts M ike 
Andros to investigate. He seeks the truth and comes up with a strange psychologist with terrify­ ing brainwashing tech- n lilies. Richard K iley guests as the cult leader and Beatrice Straight is the mother. (Part One) 

9(12)“The Feuther & Father 
•Gang" TV’s Cleverest crime Solvers!(Adv.) 

9 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
THE 
FEATH ER 
AND 
FATHER 
GANG 
(P re m ie re) 
Stefanie 
I’ovvers.stars as lawyer 
Tom ‘‘Feather" Danton and Harold Gould is lier ex-con man father, who is now lier investigator. In the opener, 
"T h e 
Apology,’’ a friend of the father is rubbed out gangland-style and he suspects a Greek ship­ ping magnate is behind it The father impeson- ates a mob leader and 
Featlier plays the murder victim 's daughter to crack the case 
Ray Danton and 
Gene Barry* are guests. 

1o:3o (Ch. 5) - THE CBS 
LATE MOYIE • "Kulak 
Die Before They Wake,’’ starring Telly Savalas, 
Dan Frazer, Kevin Dob­ son and George Savalas. 
A drug-addicted prosti­ tute holds the key to the men responsible for ber enslavement and for the murders of her room­ mate and a television reporter. 
(R ) 
“ Tho 
M agician” stars B ill 
Bixby, Elizabeth Ashley, 
Kim Hunter and B arry 
Sullivan. During a night­ club perform ance by magician Anthony Do­ rian, a man is shot and killed. Learning that a woman in the club with the victim is in mortal danger. Dorian, making use of illusions, spirits her to safety. ( R ) 

Crosby still is in hospital 

P A S A D E N A . 
Calif. 
(A P ) — Bing Crosby spent his third day in the hospital Sunday, still aching from a 2o-foot fall from a stage, hospital of­ ficials said. 
“ He's still too uncomfortable to travel. 
He'd rather not travel in that condition,” said 
John McCarthy, spokes­ man for 
Huntington 
Memorial Hospital. 
The 72-year-old enter­ tainer was shaved Sun­ day morning by Ins wife, 
Kathryn, McCarthy said. 
The (’rosins live in 
Hillsborough in the northern part of liq? state. 

Crosby fell from the 
Ambassador Auditorium stage last Thursday night at the close of a benefit' performance celebrating, bis 5oth year in show bu­ siness. Ile suffered a sm all head cut and bruises, but was not se­ riously hurt. 
C BS taped the three- hour show and will air 9o' minutes of it as ‘‘Bing!’* on March 2o. Also on the show were Bob Hope, 
Paul Anka, Bette Millier, 
Rosemary Clooney and the 
M ills 
Brothers. 
Crosby’s wife and ch il­ dren Nathaniel and Mary 
Frances, also appeared on the show. 

H e’s not too old to learn 

NOHTIl ARLINGTON, 
N J . — G rocery clerk 
Kenneth Ludviksen, 25, was told he was too old to attend high school here. 
So he decided to fight back — by running for a seat on the school board. 

Ludv iksen is the victim of a local rule barring' those older than 21 from attending daytime high school. IU' dropped out 

 midway through the lith grade to go to work, but now wants to drop back in. 
Ludviksen took his case to the state Educa­ tion Department but last month a hearing officer said the aspiring student needed the local board’s approval and ordered the local sc hool hoard to re­ consider. He hasn’t heard from the local board. 

HOUSE LEVELING 
— The Irishm an— > 
All Type Foundation* 
Serving 6o mil# radius around S J L 
FREE ESTIMATES— SAME DAY 
Note: Be wise— G et Two i itlm u Meo 
7 3 4 - 7 5 1 1 

CERTIFIED PEST C O N T R O l 
ROACHES 
^ ooiC 
6 RO O M S— 3 M O . W A R R A N T Y ^ 
FREE TERMITE IN SPEC TIO N 
+ 
733-7511 
IO 

NOTICEI WE ARE NOW SELLING 

DIRECT TO THE PUBLIC 
TOM JONES ten/ t h 

IHI QUALITY GOIS IN 
IIF OOI THI NAMI GOIS ON 
SHUNG ANO SERVICING OVER 31 TEARS 

TOA! JONES SATS: 
WITH OUR URGE K M M K M 
POWER ANO LOK, LOK OVERHEAD] 
ANO NO SALESMAN COMMISSIONS TOI 
PAY, WE PROMISE VOO THE FINES! I 
PRICE AND SERVICE ANO INSTALLA­ 
TIONS. 

TOM JONES 

TE LfV IStO N -A PK U A N C ES-FU R PH Y U A I 
2 2 7 -o 4 6 1 
2 2 7 -8 4 1 
19o7 BROOKLYN 
BANK TYP! 
TERMS 

IV Special---Youth Night 
Billy 
Graham 

CRUSADE TO IHE I M 

X 
(Ch. 
12) 
WANTED - 
MOST 
The In- 
ROACHES 
» I f%oo 
6 R O O M S 
I U 
F r a a T a r m ita lr»»pa<tto#» t•» i o— kame* IN e n 
UNIQUE PEST CONTROl 
Rtvona A n * tim # 
I J J W 
H 
- f 3 4 - 7 ) 1 « 

KCOR produces more 

Spanish language 

 radio commercials than 

 all other sources combined 

135o on the Dial 

223-1726 

ADVERTISING in liiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiJllillll iiiiiliiillliiiiiiiiiiiB iiftn %hv Fred Hinges 
EXPERT CARE OFFERED 
FOR ALL ZENITH REPAIRS 

BIENVENIDOS A SAN ANTONIO — 
WELCOME TO MEXICO 
VECINOS Y AMIGOS, A NEW SERVICE THAT BRINGS 
TOI HISTS TO YOUR STORE 

 i ten Mum 

 vol into Mexico by pro- 
15,ooo membership cards viding them with a book- are currently in use. let featuring many dis- Contact Vecinos y Ami- counts and free gift items gos today, welcome our which they will receive Tourist friends and invite while traveling through them to become your 
Mexico as members of Customers. 
(Adv.) the “ Vecinos y Amigos” 
Plantation Organic Base 
Fertilizer Protects Beneficial 
Bacteria In Your Lawn!! 

Plantation 
Organic 
Base Fertilizer not only protects this beneficial soil life but it utilizes it to extend the life of the fer­ tilizer. This means that plantation Fertilizer will outlast 3 applications of any chemical only ferti­ lizer! Plantation Organic 
Base Fertilizer is a heavy duty fertilizer made for 
San Antonio’s highly al­ kaline soil and yet costs less in most cases than other main brands of 

As research progresses in the field of agricul­ ture, the one thing that emerges paramount in their research is the ne­ cessity of beneficial bac­ teria, enzymes, and mi­ cro-insect life for econo­ mical plant growth. All too long the public has been killing out this beneficial soil life by us­ ing harsh & high analysis fertilizers, not only on their lawns but on their trees & shrubs as well 

 fertilizer which are not localized. In these days of high prices, you really get your money’s worth when you buy Plantation 
Organic Base Fertilizer. 
If you really want the greenest lawn in the neighborhood, do your­ self a favor, get some 
Plantation Organic Base 
Fertilizer today! 
Now available at all ll.F R. Grocery stores in 
San Antonio. 
(Adv.) Fuel Injection Equipment 
For Diesel And Gas Engines 
Is Weber’s Specialty 
The bigger you get, business? Don’t knock ii the tougher it is to get until you’ve talked to' enough input — on tar- Accounting Systems, get, on time—to make Inc. the tough decisions. 
Our management sys- 
Could all this talk terns, with a wide range about in-house com-, of application packages, pulers running “ Data have provided economi- 
Management" systems cal answers for small finally apply to your businesses for years, growing businesso 
That kind of experience 
You bet. makes computer sys- 
Let’s start by recog- terns easy to get into. nizing the computer for And even easier to use. what it is today; simply 
Because we put all the a tool to put you back in pieces together. You control. don’t shop around for 
For far less than you hardware ... for pro* expect. It probably costs gramming to make it less than time-share or go. Or for service and batch-processing, to get maintenance to keep it your hands on ten times up — now or later, the data. Without delay. 
Every 
Accounting 
A computer to call System, Inc., system is your own doesn’t have to complete, from initial be a big complicated planning through instal- deal. An Accounting latino. And organized to 
Systems, 
Inc. 
Data your specific needs: on* 
Management system re- site, in-depth, by Ac­ quires very little space, counting Systems expert and very little training, partners in your locale. to feed you critical 
You work with inde­ answers anytime... even pendent professionals after everyone’s gone we’ve handpicked. for home. our te$m. Their solid 
Talk to it. One-on-one. grasp of computer capa* 
In English. And find out bilities and familiarity what you have, what you w ith community busi* sold ... how much you ness conditions, brings owe and are owed. Ask you a total data-nian- the computer to seg- agement package that’s ment the reports to ready to go, and ready to order: alpha-numerical- grown with you. And 
Iv, geographically, ready to put your hands chronologically — any back on the controls, way you choose. 
Accounting Systems, 
Sounds expensive: Too Inc., 3o5 Alamo Savings 
‘bigtime’ for your Tower, San Antonio, 
Texas 782o9-826-7614. 

S.A. Firm handles Parts 
Services and 
Rebuilds Systems 

Weber Diesel Service is ! the authorized service! and sales dealer fo r! 
American Bosch. Robert! 
Bosch, 
Roosa Master, I 
C.A.V., Simms and Ben-! dix fuel injection equip-! ment. They also do re-1 building on all other sys-1 terns. It is necessary to! have the fuel injection! equipment in good con-! dition to have good start-! ing and fuel economy.! 
They also do a lot of in* I jector reconditioning! which is necessary when! the pump is rebuilt. 
| 
Weber Diesel Service is! from the smallest to the! largest. Air starters are! economical and power-! ful; and give the engine a l fast spin which makes a l diesel engine start much I easier. 
I 
Also dealers for! 
RotoMaster. Airesearch.l and Schwitzer Turbo-! 
Charger, handling parts! and service on these un-1 its and rebuilding ex-1 i changes. Handle safety! protection system for! diesel and gas engines.! 
| Weber 
Diesel is al member of the ADS. 
I 
Weber Diesel Service,! 
1123 West Carolina. San! 
[Antonio. 
(Adv.)! 

The DM 13o/2 is a complete business sytem including, desk top 
CRT/keyboard device, line printer and disk memory. It can save you money in inventory control, payroll, accounts receivable, accounts payable, job costing, general ledger, etc. 

For Information 
Regarding 
IAdvertising on th is Page— 
C m 
11 
225-7411 ext. 413 

THE POTPOURRI! of CRAFTS I CERAMICS 

CLASSES IN CERAMICS - 
OIL PAINTING ■ MAC. 
SAT A M 
CHILDREN S CLASSES 

6132 MONTGOMERY DR. 
(CAMELOT ll) 653-7S7o 

M USIC 
INSTRUMENTS 
* SOLD * RENTED * 

 it TRADED * 
* REPAIRED * 
DM laduea Cm* m i Carry Pfk«i 
CALDWELL 
M U SIC CO. 
41o N. M ain 
2 2 *-7 5 2 3 
328 No. Star M all 
341.4418 

HAIR FASHIONS 
A I LA AAjit 
»* 
■W'wWltfY 
653-S974 
SUPE! CUTS (Of 
GvyUDeih 

WESTSIDE AIR PARK 
Ofwnmon American Oeale 
6 7 4 -3 9 3 8 

Carpet / Upholstery 
Cleaning 
Accounting Systems, Inc 
THE MOST M IN I 
FOR THE M ON EY 
3o5 Alamo Saving* Tower 

826-7614 

No** In Our 
N EW LOCATIO N 
Full U n * H ealth Food* 
N atu ral Caumatic* 
O R G A N IC V IT A M IN S 

M ail O rder* Invited 
Com a In And Ar o w ca 

M a tte r Charge A 
Ranh A m an t ard 

Plen ty narking 
DHT SHOP 
!I9 NkCeiiewyh 
I 224SII 

 a n y 
P A L E T T A ’!* 

Imported Fine food* 
VISITORS FROM M EXICO? 
For a free welcoming gift call 344 3644. 

 c a r e e r 
TRAINING 
• I rimputer 
Iso g ra m m in g 

• 
I iimputer i ^permian* 

• K e vp n iu h 
CALL 224-9286 

W I H A C H 

And Hon Styling 
Enrollment every week 

A M IC IC AN M AUT Y 
C O U JG f, INC 
TRY 
S P A in g 

T R IM A S W IM 
H EALTH S P A S 
42o2 SAN PEDRO 
735-9141 
94o BANDERA RD. 
433-12o1 
1335 N E LOOP 41o 
121 3125 

J. R O SS R O U S CO. 
MC Of POCA no 
•OIMOAOWAV 
336-33)1 rrugos 
ROHDE 
B u s i n e s s b r o k e r s u £ SE U BL SIN ESS 
4139 G ardendale 
HU ITE 2o1 
Phone b96*5311 

 trios y 

 ii C e n t e r 

 h i a r m 
N O W SIR VINO IN 
OUR 
C O M P U T U S 
NC W LT R (MODELED 
RESTAURANT 

V A L E R IO S 
IT A LIA N RESTAURAN T 

• 3 B 2 o B R O A D W A Y 

D IA M O N D SALE! 
S A V I UP TO S O % 
FOR CASH 
Vow th at n Je w e lry Ca. 
S2S Alew* Here tit. 19o4 
226*1424 

Eldestve lew th Service let See tit I n n 
METROPOLITAN 
TV SERVICE CO., INC. ewe*-Tepee** KOdieeAtd ce 

 et ft*e fend# 

7325 San Pedro at Rector. , . 342-3251 
423 S.W . M ilitary Dr. in La Feria. . 924-7176 
Downtown 
<o4 H (.mum u t... 22 J SS46 

■ V Ufnjk’fir^ Ljinpuny 

35 W. OLMOS 
122-o475 

THE COMFREY LEAF 
GODO FOOD. MOO FOR YOU. 
^ dftre^ 
CUMI IE I 
V ; ,4 
HUE 
Pxtfcn W 'l WMH 
I 
( V t atis** S6JI y r y 
\ 
GREEN f 
HANOR 

FINE JEWELRY im HH MILITARY HWY 
Cottle Hfih • 344 13o4 

 a n d m th e 
NAPLES RESTAURANT HOL. 

3 2 o 2 B ro a d w a y • 828 4116 
UptWf lo c i 

W IN D S O R F A M * 
6 *4 I B / I 

W HIR DUSEL SERVICE 
§e..e.e em AA 
- fur ho Charger Kit* A Repan 
Servire A Repair Ait Diesel 
(method Equipment l l s W a tt CargMw ghana *34-*44J 

D A U S P A IN T 
A B O D Y S H O P 
YOUR SATISFACTION 
IS 
OUR 
GUARANTEE 
1912 BROADWAY 225 2863 

 tenet Therapy Mew me • Redeem - ai Nee Bemete! • Eye TeHeef tmh end 
Bree Tmh Tmh Afupeuem Thempeete Body Treetmeni Scelpleied Heal 

DermaCulture Salon 
Soon p bx ion P e r f e c t i o n * * for oppomtmanf call 124-4o16 - 431$ McCullough 

Quality and Ingineanng 
> Al ES— S i R V IC I — IN O IN U R IN G sol M c C u llo u g h ta o .2 3 3 3 
HIMBURG 4 AM CONDITIONING. INC. 

S.A. man killed in car crash 

One man was killed 

 and another injured when an automobile plunged into a 15-foot drainage ditch Sunday morning. 
Pronounced dead at 

 dreen Hospital at 4:5o a.m. was Joe De la Cruz 
Jr.. 24. of 223 Ados St. 
Police said he was 

 killed after the south­ bound car he was driving crashed through barriers in front of the ditch where NVY 27th Street dead-ends just past the 
Delgado Street intersec­ tion. 
The car then went 

 down into the drainage ditch and then traveled along the opposite con­ crete wall for about IOO feet before flipping over. 
The car landed on its top, according to police re­ ports. 
A passenger in the car. 

Juan Ramirez, 19, of 1246 
W averly, managed to free himself from the wreckage before police arrived, officers said. 
Ramirez was reported 

 in fair condition with head injuries at Bexar 
County Hospital. 

Stale needs its own rock 

DOVER, Del. — A slate 

 bird., state flower, state tree and state bug ap­ parently aren't enough to satisfy some symbol- counseious 
Delaware 

 legislators. A move is under way to select a state rock. 

Democratic Majority 

Leader Casimir S. Jon- kiert of Wilmington said lie introduced the bill on behalf of a group of na­ turalists. but couldn’t re­ call the group’s name. 
The bill seeks to have 

 sillimanite declared the official state rock. 

Peter B. Leavens, a 

University of Delaware geologist, said the min­ eral is not particularly remarkable but is about the only one indigenous to Delaware that can be cut as a gem. 

FO RECAST 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monthly March 7 1977 
H 

7 o 

C o ld 
W o r m 

S h o w n 
S ta tio n a ry O c clu d e d 
KUM M 

F ig u re s sh ow 

 h ig h 

 m p « re fu r« t to r a r e a 

A * o 
D a to from 

N A T IO N A L W E A T H E R S E R V IC E 
N O A A , U S D ept of C o m m o n * 

Melone brings music to life 
Ste* view; 

SA N A N T O N IO A N D V ic ttif- 
TY — Sunny and w arm er M on­ day and Tuesday. Cool M onday night. W inds light and va ria b le becoming w esterly from S to IO m ph M o n d ay afte rn o o n . H igh tem perature for M onday in the upoer 6os. Low tem perature for 
M onday in the upoer 3os. High tem perature for Tuesday in the mid 7os. The sun rises at 6:53 and sets at 6:37, The moon is full Moon rises at 9:o1 p.m. and sets at 8:o1 a m 
Tem peratures 
Su nd ay ronged from 39 to 65 degrees. (National W eather S e r­ vice forecast ) 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y — 2o per cent as of 6 p.m. Sunday. 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l rain fall for the 24 hour period ending at 7 p rr* Sunday, none; for the month. .27 of an inch; for th e y e a r , 
4.28 in c h e s . 
A c cum ulated d e p artu re from nor m al for the month, minus .o6 of an inch; for the year, plus .23 of an inch. 
N O RT H T E X A S — F a ir and a little w arm er 
M onday through 
T uesdav. 
SO U TH T E X A S — Sunny and w arm er M on day and Tuesday. 
Cool again M onday night. 
W E S T T E X A S — F o ir nights and sunny d a ys through Tues day. 
W arm er 
M onday through 
T uesdav. 
N A T IO N A L —Som e rain will ran in tne m iddle Atlantic states and ce n tra l A p p a la c h ia n s and also o ver South C a ro lin a and ce n tra l F lo rid a . Snow flu rrie s will be scattered over extrem e northern New England. Showers w ill sp re ad o ve r the n o rth e rn half of the Pacific Coast into the northern p lateau region. M ost other a re a s ot the nation w ill have sunny skies. Tem peratures will be cooler in the no rth ern • and middle Atlantic Coast states. 
F lo rid a and along the c e n tra l 
Pacific Coast. W a rm e r readings will reach from Arizona across the northern and central rockies into the plains and upper M is sissiopi Valley 

Low : 2 degrees obove cero at 
Gunnison, Colo. 
H ig h . 
9o d e g r e e s a t F o r t 
M eyers, Fig. 

M A R IN E 

W IN D S — W in d s lig h t an d variable becoming w esterly from 
5 to IO mph M onday afternoon. 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n s a s for 
T u esd ay: high tide w ill be at 
1:o9 p m .; low tides will be of 
1o:58 a m . and 1o:49 p m 
Port 
Isabel for Tuesday high tide will be at 4 o8 p.m .; low tides will be at 11:4/ a m and 11: 38 p m. 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 

San Antonio 
39 
65 

SOUTH T E X A S 

Austin 
39 
62 
Brow nsville 
52 
66 
Corpus Christi 5o 
67 
Cotulla 
47 
65 
Del Rio 
36 
63 

Junction 
V ic t o r ia 

Abilene 
Alpine 
A m arillo 
E l P a s o 
F’ort W orth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
San Angelo 
W aco 

31 
15 

T E X A S 

77 
29 
2.3 
18 
34 
49 
22 
47 
31 
33 

67 
68 

6o 
55 
56 
53 
58 
64 
57 
6/ 
61 
61 

SO UTH W EST 

Denver 
7o 
57 
Honolulu 
63 
76 
Los Angeles 
48 
75 
Las Vegas 
34 bl 
Phoenix 
42 
7? 
Salt Lake City 2? ii 
San Diego 
5o 
76 

SOUTH C E N T R A L 

Kansas City 
27 
Louisville 
29 
Memphis 
38 
Oklahom a Citv3o 
St Louis 
78 
W ichita 
21 

SO UTH EA ST 

Atlanta 
Birm ingham 
Charleston 
Jack son ville 
New O rleans 
Raleigh 
Richm ond 
Tampa 

N O RTH W EST 

Bism arck 
IS 
48 
Boise 
34 
61 
Casper is 
42 
Helena 
VI 
54 
Portland, O re I* 
52 
Rapid C liv 
IS 
53 
Son Fran cisco 45 
62 
Seattle 
46 
53 
Spokane 
37 
54 

NORTH C EN T R A L 
Chicago 
26 
39 

OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 

.78 
1.46 
.o7 
OO 
.15 
.49 
.18 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
IO 
OO 

OO 

Detroit 
33 
Duluth 
22 
Indianapolis 
25 
M ilw aukee 
3o 
Minn-St. Pau l 13 
O m aha 
7o 
SII. Ste M arie 21 

35 
38 
46 
36 
32 
5o 
3o 

 n o r t h e a s t 

Boston 
.38 
47 
Buffalo 
31 
33 
C leveland 
31 
45 
Columbus 
76 
47 
New York City 4? 
53 
Philadelphia 
42 
54 
Pittsburgh 
31 
47 
Portland, Me. 3o 
.39 
Washington 
49 ss 

OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
o6 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
DO 
OO 

 m e x i c o 

(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s a p ­ p e ar in both F a h re n h e it an d 
C en tigrad e or C elsius. F a h re n heil is listed first in each column. I 
Acapulco 
. 
69 71 
88 31 
G u od olaiara 
...41/o5 
82/28 
M a r t ia n ........... 48 o9 
79 76 
M exico C liv ... 
49/o9 
82 28 
M o n te rre y ............ 5o/1o 
63/17 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

Fo recast 

City 
Temproture 

Mon. 
Toe. 

A m arillo 
38 65 
36 67 
Sunny, w a rm e r 
Austin 
38 69 
37 75 
Sunny, w arm er 
Laredo 
38 7o 
37-75 
Sunny, w arm er 
Corpus Christi 
45 69 46 76 
Sunny, w arm er 
Victoria 
45-68 
45 77 
Sunny, w arm er 
D allas Fo rt Worth 
39 7o 
4o 75 
F a ir. w orm er 
M cAllen Brow nsville 48-/o 
47 /5 
Sunny, w orm er 
Houston 
35 68 
36 72 
Sunny, w arm er 

SAN ANTONIO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
1 t il 
1974 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Jon 
3.1o 
A 54 
1.74 
8.32 
Fee. 
Oft . 
o 13 
1.45 
7 IS 
Mar. o.2T 
1.2o 
1.47 
4.19 
♦ ITTA m s 
Ave. 
Rec. 
Apr 
5 67 
2.39 
2 28 
11.64 
M ay 
SAO 
491 
3 45 
14 o7 
Jo n 
I At 
4 6o 
295 
IO 44 
Ju ly 
5 39 
o 44 
I 69 
8 l l 
Aug 
7o9 
I 22 
2 34 ll 14 
5eo< 
3 79 
o.51 
4.59 
15 78 
OC* 
8.48 
2 25 
2 3o 
9 56. 
Nov. 
7 46 
o o3 
I 37 
6 79 
Oec. 
1.95 
I 48 
1.75 
6 22 

By JA M E S CONELY 
The French horn is a mellow instrument of unusual warmth and lyr­ icism. In the hands of a master it can evoke pas­ sion or intellect oi a un­ ique kind. 
The symphony or­ chestra is an ensemble of many instruments, mostly strings, which has infinite variety of style. 
Conducted by one who comprehends this variety and the ability to draw it out skilfully, the orches­ tra becomes a powerful musical force. 
When an audience has the opportunity to hear both a master of the horn and an excellent orches­ tra under the baton of a supremely competent conductor, then the occa­ sion is special indeed. 
Concert 
Such was the case Sa­ turday evening when 
Roger Melone conducted an all-Mozart program played by the San Anton­ io Symphony with Myron 
Bloom of the Cleveland 
Orchestra as horn soloist. 
The concert in the 
Theater of the Perform­ ing Arts demonstrated again how it is that the 
San Antonio Symphony has begun setting the musical standard for 
Texas. 
In a session of guest conductors, there is so­ 

 mething very comforta­ ble about having a resi­ dent conductor return to the podium. Melone, the symphony’s Associate 
Conductor, has been there twice before during the season and will be there again. His under­ standing and rapport be­ comes readily communi­ cated in the music. 
At the risk of being saccharine, one might observe that Melone makes love with great music, such-as that of 
Mozart. This would be a criticism for most con­ ductors who get carried away with their emo­ tions, but in this case it simply explains how he brings music to life with spirit and rationale. 
Melone was in absolute control of both the tech­ 

 nicalities of the music and his feelings about it. 
The orchestra in turn re­ sponded to every nuance of his baton. 
In like manner, Bloom made an incredibly diffi­ cult instrument sound like child’s play. 
His performance of both the E-flat major concerto and the E-flat 
Concert-Rondo was clean and secure. 
Runs and trills were even and well controlled, and sustained notes brought out the full re­ sonant tone of his horn. 
The mastery shown in 
Bloom’s recordings was clearly evident here. 
The orchestra opened the program with the bright Symphony 28 and closed with the multiple moods and showcase of the ninth Serenade. 
The concert will be re­ peated Monday at 7:3o p.m. in Trinity Universi- ty’s Laurie Auditorium 

 i 
O ff* 12:15 

 f 
FEATURES 
U T S P L A Y N IM 
1 :3 o 3 :3 o 
A N D O O K I U 
5 :3 o 7 :3 o 9 :3 o 
( * ) 
(PG) 
•UWtfT 1.-o6*oo*oo 
MAJESTY* 3(OS 7:o3 
I 

KAMN BIACX • OLIVI HHD 
" I I H 
T 
A O T M M O f 

CHARKS HONSON AS 

J ay 

J 12:45 SJD 4:15 MO 7*5 94* o 
o 
AN EPK FANTASY IN J 
PEACE AND MAGIC o 
! (PO)“W IZA R D S” J 

{ orm IM I M 

CHILD** 

1 :5 o 4 i2 9 7 to o 9 i9 S 

 rn * 
“ A STAR 
IS ROOT" I 

“ 
T O 

2*B 4c)t 7*§ 9*R 

TMS FM R IS I 

M O V I E S 4 

o 
oJ 

T O * 

IMO 2*5 SAO 7:15 
o 
CONNOY AND JUS*** 
$ 
K IN N 
o 
“ SILVER 
*■» J 
STREAK** 

DRUM” , 

The San Antonio Star— Thai’s 
Entertainment! 

 in fhe Standby Express N ew s 

 of wists 

Carter warned 

PA R IS 
(A P ) 
- 

F ranee’s ambassador to the United States said 
Sunday that President 
Valery Discard d’Estaing has given 
President 

Carter “ a firm and 

 solemn warning’’ about 
French repercussions if 
New York landing rights are denied to the Con­ corde supersonic jet­ liner 

The envoy, Jacques 

Kosciusko Morizet, said the.French president told 
Carter in a telephone call 
Friday that a negative court ruling March IO 
“ could provoke a very grave crisis in French- 
Ameriean relations and could be resented very actively by French public opinion “ 

Albert King"** 
Truck Load of Lov’n Arrlvos at 
EASTWOOD COUNTRY CLUB 
March ll A 12 
Show Time 11 Until 
Pre Sole Tickets 
At The Door 

• 4 . o o 
* 5 . o o 
TICKET OUTLETS 
PIPPER'S BARBER SHOP 
Another Al HutrhiiiMin 
ROB S DEN 
Production* 
ARCHIE'S NI SIC PUiS 
Howard Lanier 
MR. B'S LOUNGE 
Booking Agent 
SOUND TRACE 
736-o32? 

 jfw h e n © nlyjW the v e ry best w ill do 

FEATURED EVERY SUN MON. TUES. 

O f f u t t m u m ca 
RESTAURANT & BAR 

512 826 2371 

1o3 9 N £ t O O P A lO 

B A N Q U E T I a c u i t i e s 

TROUT AMANDINE 
• 
RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 
RIB EYE 

FILET 

 margaritas 

$ 1 . o o 
• 

AU ENTREES 
INC I UDE SALAD, 
RAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 
LU N C H 
11 3o A M 
DINN ER 
5 OO P 64 

S a n A n to n io S y m p h o n y 
Myron Bloom 
French Horn 
Roger Melone 
Conducting 
Al! Mozart program 

Sym phony No. 28 In C Major 
Concerto No. 2 In E Flat Major 
Concerto Rondo in E Flat Major 
Serenade No. 9 In D Major 
T onight 
March 7 

7:3o pm 
Laurie Auditorium 
_____ 

Tickets: $3 to $6.5o 
Also available at Record Hole Stores 

C all 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

MEW LAUREL! 
.. M IO S X U K O K O • 7 3 W 4 S 3 I B 

Exclusive! 

 now s u m 
! 

M K M O P X ! 

R 
O 
C 
X 
Y 

I o i r n 
I 
T 
® ii**** IM S *: 
' 

ACADEMY j f S f 
AWARD 
J 
NOMINATIONS wm 
BEST PICTURE 
BEST ACTOR BEST ACTRESS is 
' ' vyi vJ J U . " ' , ' 
* (A* iaL'm'H) Unite <1 »i*nl* 

NOW OFFERING COUNTRY-WESTERN 
15 DANCE LESSONS FOR $5ol> 
I TIRED OF THE SAME PULL ROUTINE? 

Come Meet And Dance With 
Some Of S.A.’s Nicest People 
Who Attend Our Fun-Filled 
Dance Parties Every Weeki 
Learn The Latest Dance Steps in Ballroom, Nitedub Dancing, 
Disco, and Country Western! 

FRED ASTAIRE DANCE STUDIO 

L IM IT E D T O IS T 
2 5 N E W S T U D E N T S 

1 3 9 4 7 F r e d e r i c k s b u r g 
R d 
. r e c s 
^ r 
■ 
| 

L im it e d T o N o w S t u d e n t s r n . 
*. 

 o tic H N T E R S t A tt r- 
WONDER I 
’ikranra1 'I 
Ut M i 

6. Wilder I. Pryor 
SILVER 
STREAK 
(PG) 
7 45 9, SO 

WONDER 2 or m * 

B. Streisand 
K. KristoHoruM 

A STAR IS 
BORN 

TO 
7:oo 9:3o 

BROADWAY 

“Tho Sailor Who 
Foil From Groce 
With tho Soo” 

(«) 
7;4S-9:4J 

N O R T H W I I T S I X 
» l l . r a « ' t 4 ' * i » . . t . 
D W M 
4‘C O U SIN COUSINS** 
MUM-CMRISTWf IARIA LMI 
* 
VICTOR LANOUX 
11:54-1:5o-3;5o-5:5o-7:5o-»:SO (R) 
3 ACADEMY AWARD MOMMA DONS 

C O L O N IMM N O R T H 

. ‘‘C H A T T O B O X ” (R) 
W 12*o-2*o EtOO 6*o o:oo-1o*o 

. 
“ T N I CHILD** (I) 
12*o-2*o4*o-6*o-o:oo-1o:oo 

W A IT D IS N E Y J 
“ PXLAKY PRIDAY** 
12*o-2*o4*o-6*o4:oo-1O OO 

4■■ 
: 

+ 
“ THIEVES* 
NARIO THOMAS CHARKS CROOM 
I *o4.1o5:2o-7:3o-9;4o (PO) 

I* * 

O 
“ I M 
P M R P A N T N M 
W STONERS A O A IN " 
(N O 

12*o2*o4*o4*o4*o-1o*o 

“ NETW ORK** if FAYE DUNAWAY PCTHl RNCH 
12*o2:3o5*o7:3o1o*o (R) 
IO ACADEMY AWARD HOMMA HONS 

 w a it CrtBErt"* 
"PM RAMY M ID A Y ” 
12:1o2:1o4-. 1o-6:1o4:1o1o:oo (o) 
MORAR. MAT. 

44 TMI MNK YANT* i f 
STO I KRS ASAMI* 
H T M scu m 
12:oo2*o4*o4*o4*o1o*o (PO) rnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ic “T N I SENTINEL** 
CHRK SARANDON CRISIMA RAMO 
12:oo2:oo4.oo-4oo4:oo1o *t (I) 

J A C K NM* W H IQ M IM 
“a m p u w o v n 
T N I CU C K O O *! NEST** 
TODAY 
(I) 
PLUS 
D U ST IN HOPP ARAN IM 
“ L A N K Y ” (It) 
7:5o 
V A L E R I! P E R R IN I 

■ T IX A M 
I H I MMM a il 

“ TNK C H ILD ** (R ) 
TOO A Y 1:oo-3:3 3 
“ RATTLERS” 
TO D AY 2i3o-S«; 

UMI V I M S AL. 

A “ T H I C H ILD ** 
43oo.15-1o*o o1 

J,*6* 
“ J A N I A BOY A 
CHEET*” 
V 
45oo25-1o*o (■) 
J 
^ - n .....................- ........ -....... 

W O O D L A W N IMH n a a m u tt n 
'Smartie 
A 

* 

1:3o44o7:55 (X) 
“ VOiU M fT M 
V IX M * 4 
11:55-o1o4)oo*5 (X) 

T v 8 
8 
S l A W M 
J a n e t 
BOYL- c iie e ia 
1:15-2:55-4:35-4; IS 
% 
7 55-9 35 (X) 

J O S I P W 
I M 
E w . i N a . iw titt 
S 

 r , * ' * 
S O piJI, young poxrion/ 

4 i » 
I N rn 

MAM M O R O 

AA 
IAMES MASON 
SUSAN GEORGI 
7:3o-11:33 ( I) 
“ DRUM ** 
W A R D IN O A T IS 
K IN N O R T O N 

..... 
7:3o-1o:33 (R ) 
“ RATTLERS** 

1 R UTT iti^ u flvx n 1 
7 :3 o-11:3 o (X ) rn 
9> iRRR. IDVILY” 
O IS 

1o:3o ( X ) 

“ T H I CMU®*’ 
/■JO IO J l ( t i 
■ tA TTLttO ” 
. 
. 
J . l x L J S L .______ 
••TMI OOO© THA BAA AAM T M 
UAAT" 
IOO 
•PtfTfUl W AOWLAaf 
I OilO 
“POD A PWP * * * * * * »ORr* 
11.1o 

 it ir * * ENTERTAINMENT UNDER THE STARS WWWW 

S 
" " m i s s i o n 
T O W M T W IM 
.......... VA RI Ml TV 
_____ 
'W.wlMWt*.,* 
* 
MIXMM »*.*• rn 
WWW* aw * 
^ 
I rmnMm raw 
I 
~ 
I w m T 
H 
746.11 JLA (Mi 
“ DRUM ** 
W A H M OATES 
4 i» * ( I ) zsrs\gi\ 

 uarvtr 

7:3 o-1o:5 o ( X I 
‘ N U tlC tA " O t is ( X ) 

 mm, 

A R IN O A D 
" 
. .I M M • * • tit* *. w •*.«*“ « ra*ran 
“ TNE CHILD** 
7:3o-1o:33 ( I ) 
• R A m JR S * * 9:13 (R O ) 

H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPR ESS— Monday March / 1 9 / / 

C o n tin u e d fr o m 

P a g e 1 2 C 

 hi ll It or FindTt In 

T 
H 
^ x p r e s ^ e w | 

TO PUU YOUR AP CALI Ms. MOOK 225-1666 

A-HALE T R A IL E R S 
H orse Stock ond G ooseneck 
N ew ond U sed; for Sole or Rent 
Also feed B a rre ls with Lids 
SLIMP OIL CO. Off IH 37 
533-5151 
<o4 
C arolina nites 
______________344 7215_____________ 
ALL GOES. 4 h orses plus 2 horse trailer 696-4866.__________________ 
AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 
O PE N HORSE SHOW 
M arch 1$, 19 and 2oth. M o rch 18 starting 7 p m all roping events. 
Judging events startin g 8 a.m . on 
Sat. Mar. 19th J u d g es; Mr. Mike 
H ughes of Dallas. Tx a n d Mr. Gill 
S w i tz e r of G u lf P o r t , M is s . 2 
Trophy Saddles to high point win­ ner in each age group High Point 
Winner of Show a 2 h o rse trailer courtesy of Sllmp Oil Co and Hale 
Trailer Co. All p ro cee d s going to th e A m e r i c a n C a n c e r S o c ie ty . 
B exar Co. Sheriffs M ounted P o sse 
A rena 181 S at P o ster Road. F o r 
Info 337-3756._____________________ 
A p p a lo o s a G e ld i n g R e g . 5 y r . 
White w ith B lack s p o ts G e n tle 
$4oo. T r a i l e r 2 w h e e l c u s t o m . 
Quick Sole $375. 1-755-81o3 
B a b y C a l v e s $3o-15o. G r a s s 
Calves $6o-11 t v 922-8449._________ 
Blankenship B r a h m a n R anch 
Reg. B ra h m a n Bulls, v e ry gentle. 
512-824-9773, 627-2281.____________ 
B r a h m a n 
S t o c k e r s , 
C ow 
Stockers, P airs. 648-1192________ 
B r i g h t J o h n s o n G r a s s H a y in 
B a r n . $45 a ton. J a c k M in n ey , 
Q uem ado 1-757-1329._____________ 
C A T T L E , G o a t s , S h e e p a n d 
H orses for sole. 622-9216. 
NO. I Fertilized Coastal B e rm u d a 
Hay. Sutherland Spring $1.75 per bale in barn, m in im u m 25 bales. 
226-o14).__________________________ 
Nuban and Alpine Milk G oats for sale. 336-2448. 
P E R F O R M A N C E HORSE 
SHOW AND SALE 
Saturday, M arch 12, 2PM 
Call 1-392-8436 or 226-9854 or see this 
Column 
T h u rs d a y for details! I 
Pink P a p e r e d P rin c e Hank M a r e in foal to G r a n d s o n of P r i n c e 
P lau d it a n d J o k e r B. O th e r O tr ond Appaloosa M a re s on d Fillies. 
Top Bloodlines. 341-o344 aft 6 p. rn . 
1 * P o lle d H e r e f o r d C ow B r e d 
S im m en ta l w ith half S im m e n ta l 
Polled heifer calf at side and I • 
O p e n h a l f S i m m e n t a l P o l l e d heifer 18 m os All $65o I 379-2396. 
Ponies, I Welsh Filly $75. I Mor- g an-P oa Stud $125. I Saddle with 
Pod $5o. 2 bridles $15. 681-o53) 
P r e t t y , s o u n d IO y r old m a r e . 
Shown English o v e r fen ces, ond on the flat. Can go W estern N eeds rider with som e ex p erien ce. $75o. 
826-8721 aft 
6 p m 
342-5148 anytime______________ 
Q U A R T E R 
H O R S E S : b r o o d m a r e . M cC ue b r e e d in g , $5oo; 3 y r . o ld g e l d i n g . T h r e e B a r b r e e d i n g , s o m e t r a i n i n g , $75o. 
658 7568. Cibolo__________________ 
RANCH F E N C IN G BY B EN K E 
_____________ 674 15o4_____________ 
R e g 
A Q H A S tu d w o u ld m a k e good gelding 6 y r s 674-2o56______ 
2 Reg. Ok G ray B r a h m a n Bulls. 
Both e x t r a g e n tle, w ith p r o v e n p ro g en y . M a n s o a n d AA B r e e d ­ ing. 1-569-3516 o n e r 6 p m._______ 
Reg Half A rabian gelding IO y rs 
16 h a n d s , g e n tle . S p irite d , exp rid e r $61o Also 8 y r 15.2 h a n d s 
Bay Qtr type gelding nee d s work, spirited $3oo with sad d le , brid le etc. 
Coll atter 
3:3o w eek d ay s 
494-424o.__________________________ 
Reg N u bian D airy G o a ts , Nan- nips. I 336-2337___________________ 
Reg Polled H erefords, Bulls for sole, on ag e s 341-76o8.___________ 
Reg. Q tr H o rse s, B ro o d M a r e s , 
Y earlin g s , 2 y r olds a n d o ld e r . 
Top Bloodlines B o ern e 1-249-2956, 
Medina 1-589 7741. 
Reg Rope Horse, good tor begin- ners. 684-2822 Bus. 679-7687 
R U S S I A N 
H O G S^ p u r e b r e d , 
B re e d in g Stock, full g r o w n a n d e IQS After 6 p m . 326-3728. 
3 SADDLES good cond for sale. 
626-2815. 
_______________________ 

SHALLOT ONIONS 
Ctephant-Gorlic G ro w e rs w anted 
They m u ltip ly - g ia n t p r o d u c tio n - producing a c r e valu ed $6ooo plus. 
Waiting National M arket. All you c on p rod u ce 733-1)37 
Stondmg at Stud Real C ontender 
AAA by T h r e e C hicks by T h r e e 
Bors out of Deep M a r n e CTB) bv 
D epth C h a r g e CTB) $3oo. M a r e 
C o r e $2 OO e r d a y . F i r e M oon 
R a n c h . B a n d e r a . Tx 
78oo3, 
512-749-4463. 
Smoki ond 
Phil 
K india 

Sorrel Gelding IO yrs, Eng., Wcot. 
Pleasure, (umping exp. Not Reg 
$7oo firm. 224-7581 D ay; 433-4685 eve. 
_____________ 
4 Sows with 32 p ig s , 2 Sows to farrow $133o for all 224-o5oo 

S to c k e r Cow s. S to c k e r H e if e r s and g ra s s calves. 
648-1931; 
648-31oo.__________________________ 
6x2o' G ooseneck T r a ile r, used 3 times $17oo o r best offer 484-2265, 
Poth, Tx._________________________ 
Y oung Sows, D u r o c . I T r a i l e r fram e 
Young 
R o o sters 
$3. 
649 1224.__________________________ ll yr. Old AQH A H orse Stud, for sole, F a th e r is Glory Be Good Top 
AAA, m o th e r is D o n n a Lou Top 
AAA, Saddle b ro k e Call aft6pm 
I 426-2116. 

3 C e r t i f i e d a e e $ M a s t e r B u lls . 
624 2488, 624-2o72 aft 5 p m. 

•Coastal Bermuda* 
S prigging an d cu stom w ork, also chisel plow ing a n d h a y bailin g. 
1-742-8415. S c h u m a c h e r Bros. 
Coastal H ay n e a r P oteet 
3ooo bales $1.75, 1-569-4o73 
C O A S T A L S P R I G S 
7oc B U . 
Mixed B luestem Hay $1.75 bale. 
1-947-337o; I 947 3379. 
CORRUGATED IRON 
118 95 p e r sa. 
FLO W ERS LBR CO. 
2567 Goliad 
333-6171 
Cow P r $265. 6 m o Bra. Bull $135, 
G r a s s Calves 922-8449 
Custom h and m a d e saddles, ov er 
5o u s e d s a d d l e s in s t o c k . 
H u n d r e d s of 1st a n d 2 n d lin e boots. B an d W Boot and T ack , 4o5 
S. G u ad alu pe St, San M arco s, Tx. 
1-392-4676. 
F E L P S H O R SE, STOCK 
AND G OO SEN ECK T R A IL E R S 
S a l e s , S e r v i c e , R e p a i r s , a n d 
T ra iler R entals, 443o Hwy 9o E a s t 
(S. W W White R d.) 333-1611. 
F E R T I L I Z E D J o h n s o n G r a s s 
Hay, $1.25 bole. 826-1146. 
F E R T IL IZ E D COASTAL HAY 
333-2938 
F E R T I L I Z E D C O A S TA L HAY , 
S t o r e d in s h e d . $1 .5 o a b a l e . 
533-5145 a f t 6 o n d w e e k e n d s 
677-817o , 677-8216. 
F L A T B E D T r a i l e r 1976 A llen , 
22x8 ft d u al a x le s , elec. b r a k e s . 
P erfect tor h ay hauling $21oo. 
732-5645. 
F o r S a le 
2 J e r s e y C o w s a n d 
Calves. 492 1797. 
F o r sale J im Houston Assoc. Sod die, like new, 1-257-8544 K errville 
F o r S a le . N u b i a n M ilk G o a t s , quality bloodlines. 
B oerne 
I 249 3663. 
For Sale 2 Too Quality Reg. Gen 
Ile G ray B r a h m a n Bulls. 6 y rs and 
8 y r s old. Both lightly u s e d on 
Reg. herd. Fertility Test p r o v id ­ ed. Your Choice $125o ea. 695-8283 
G e n tle B la ck m o r e , g o o d w ith c h ild r e n . T a k e b e s t o f f e r . C all 
656-ooo6 otter 6:3o 
HAY D elivered 
I 685 3361, 1-997-3767 
HAY F O R S A L E , H e g a r i 6ooo bales 
1 449-1356. 
1 449-1591, 
1-449 5721. 
HAY F O R S A L E C o a s t a l a n d 
Johnson G rass. 628-1o69. 
H a y g r o z e r , f e r tiliz e d , no r a i n . 
$1.55, Lytle a re a . I 772-3236 
H O R S E SH O W 
E n g . , W e s t . , 
M acA rth ur H S. L e is u re Stables, 
12 
M ar. 
9: JO a m 
E v en ing s 
649 2512. 

BAILIE 
J o h n L. B ailie, a g e 67, of 16o2 
N .w . 24lh St., d ie d T h u r s d a y , 
M arch 3, 1977. He w as a m e m b e r of Travis P ark United Methodist 
C h u r c h 
S u r v iv o r s : Wife, M rs. 
Catherine Bailie; sons. R obert M. 
Bailie, Dallas, Tx., Ted M. Bailie, 
California. Service M on d ay at ll o'clock in the Colonial Chapel of the P o rter Loring M o rtuary, Dr. 
Ralph H. Seiler officiating. In te r­ m e n t in Mission Burial P a rk . A r­ ra n g e m e n ts with 
Hurter Loring 
;noi M c C u l l o u g h 2 2 7 -8 2 2 ; 

B R E H M 
Mrs. Lillie E B rehm , 854o Hilde- b r a n d t R d ., p a s s e d a w a y in a local h o sp ita l F r id a y , M o rc h 4, 
1977 at the a g e of 74 y e a rs . S u r­ vivors: Sons. Ollie W. B reh m an d 
Milton J. B rehm , both of San An­ tonio; b r o th e r , W illiam J . Noll, 
S an D iego, C alif.; 8 g r a n d c h i l ­ d r e n ; s e v e r a l n i e c e s a n d n e ­ phews. Services will be held from th e D e l l c r e s t C h a p e l M o n d a y , 
M arch 7th a t 2:oo p.m . with Rev 
H arold S ag er officiating. The in­ t e r m e n t will follow in M eado w - lawn M emorial P a r k . M rs Br.ehm w as a m e m b e r of St. J o h n 's Luth­ era n C hurch in Southton and had b e e n a m e m b e r of H i g h l a n d 
S o cial C lub s in c e 1931. A r r a n ­ g em en ts with 

B*Urr*ot 
2ooo So W W. White Id . 337-4o82 

BROWN 
M r. S id n e y L. B r o w n , 6o, 923 
V a n c e J a c k s o n , d i e d F r i d a y , 
M arch 4, 1977. A life resid e n t of 
San Antonio, v e t e r a n of WW ll. 
S u r v i v o r s : S is te r , M r s . S te lla 
M arie Wilson; b ro th ers, Dr. Lee 
F. Brown, Mr. A. P. Brown, Mr. 
S am H. Brown, J r . ; also n u m e r ­ o u s n i e c e s a n d n e p h e w s a n d g ra n d - n ie c e s a n d n e p h e w s . R o ­ s a r y S u n d a y 7 :3 o p . m . a t s t. 
M a r y 's U n iv e r s ity A s s u m p t io n 
Chapel. M ass of the R esu rrectio n 
M o n d a y 9 a m . a t St. M a r y ' s 
U niversity Chapel. P a ll b e a r e r s : 
Bro Ralph Thayer, S M., C harles 
B end e r, E d w a r d E p a , L e o n a r d 
Zacek. A rm a n d o R od rig ue z, Mi­ c h a e l Schill. I n t e r m e n t in S an 
F e r n a n d o C e m e t e r y No. 2. A r ­ ran gem en ts bv 

THE 
ANGELUS 
HOME 
H enry G uerra 

F U N E R A L 

227-1461 

COOK 
M rs. M yrtle Cook, 81, 1231 Ciblo 
Trail, U niversal City, died M arch 
6th F u n e r a l a r r a n g e m e n t s a r e pending with Roy A kers F u n e ra l 
Chapels. 

515 No. Main 
226 72o1 

D E L A N E Y 
M r s . M a r i o r i e D e l o n e v , M i n ­ neapolis, Minn., form erly of San 
A n to n io , T e x a s e n t e r e d r e s t 
Friday, M arch 4, 1977 at the age of 82. S te p m o th e r of J a m e s A. 
D etan ev , San A ntonio, K a th r y n 
Dahlke ond J e a n n e W agner, both of C h ic a g o . Ill S is te r of M o ro 
M arsh all of M in neapo lis. Minn a n d n u m e r o u s n i e c e s a n d n e ­ phews. Services, M onday, M arch 
7, 1977, 7:oo p .m . a t C h il d r e s s 
C h a p e l , T r a v i s P a r k U n i t e d 
M e t h o d i s t C h u r c h . 23o E a s t 
Trovis, San Antonio. T e x as with 
Rev. C. Elliott M eans officiating. 
In lieu of f lo w e rs p l e a s e m a k e contributions to the University of 
T e x a s M edical School. Son A n ­ tonio, Texas. 

 i#4—F iie ra l Directors* 

IH 24o T ra cto r, R u n s Good 3 pf hook up hydrillac, po w er tak e off. 
$1195. Also Double Disc Plow $125. 
1-249-8155 Borene 
LEISU RE STABLES U n d er new m a n a g e m e n t H o r s e s b o a r d e d , g entled ond trg in to , 494 8917 
L eopard Appaloosa Stud Service 
$75. Eves 434 7542 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E v e ry Sot 12 Noon, Cattle, sheep, g o a ts, h o r s e s . 12 ml. S.W. S A 
F o r m Rd 2173. M acd o na. Tx. 

MARCH S PECIAL 
12 ' > ga. 2 pf. im p ort b a r b 
$15.95 
6tt steel Tee Post .................... $1 87 
V PVC Pipe lOOtt ................ $8 5o, 
C edar Post 
..........6o ANO U P, 
35" 
Sheep an d 
G oat 
M esh 
33o' ............................................. $29.95 
BARKER SUPPLY 
3143 S E 
333-6o41 
___________ 
N E E D building for f a rm , r a n c h , c o m m e r c ia l? Call S tu rd y S t r u c ­ tures, 494 3311. 

Military Dr. 

 ir a a k th U l 
7,1 S E 
Military 
923-7523 
(Suit fills 
8o56 F re d e r ic k s b u r g 696-7111 
Brl Irreal 
2ooo S. W W. White 
337 4o82 

Palm 

3711 So. Z a r z a m o r a 924 4568 

 n i - p p * * * ? 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227-3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

1119 N. St. Mary's 

DE LA CRUZ 
Mr. Jo seph De la Cruz J r ., 23, 223 
A d o e a , d ie d M a r c h 6. M e m b e r 
O ur Lady of Mf. C arm el an d St. 
T h e r e s a (Little F lo w e r S h rin e) 
Catholic C hurch, resident of Son 
Antonio for 23 y e a rs . M r. De la 
Cruz w as a 1972 g r a d u a te of Fox 
Tech High School. S urvivors: P a ­ rents, Mr. and M rs. Jo se p h De la 
Cruz Sr.; sisters. Miss Leticia De la Cruz, Mrs. J im m y Poez, all of 
Son A ntonio; a u n ts, u n cles, an d c ousins. R o s a r y will be r e c ite d 
7:3o p.m. M onday, M arch 7, Roy 
A kers F u n e ra l C hapels. F u n e r a l p rocession will d e p a rt Roy A kers 
F u n e r a l C h a p e l s a l 9 :3 o a m . 
Tu esd ay , M a rc h 8 tor a IO a m. 
M ass at O ur Lady of Mf. C orm el a n d St. T h e r e s a (L ittle F lo w e r 
S h rin e ) C atho lic C h u r c h . I n t e r ­ m e n t in San J o s e B u ria l P a r k . 
A ctiv e p a l l b e a r e r s will be Mr. 
G eorge L. R odriguez, Mr. R obert 
A. R o d rig u e z , M r. A nth on y R o ­ driguez, Mr. Gilbert C. Rodriguez 
Jr., M r. J o h n D avid R o drig u ez, a nd Mr. J im m y Paez. 

5 1 5 N o. M a in 
2 2 6 -7 2 o 1 

F R I E D R IC H 
Camille G ordon F ried rich , ag e 91, of 326 E. Lullwood, p a s s e d aw ay 
F r id a y , M a r c h 4, 1977. F u n e r a l s erv ic es will be c o n d u c ted 11:3o a .m . M o n d a y a l M is s io n P a r k 
F u n eral Chapels. A r r a n g e m e n ts by 
. 
MISSION P XKK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Or 
— t—*---------1 
-■ 
__ 
G R U N E W A L D 
Mrs. K a th ry n e L. G ru new ald, age 
51 of 86o2 C r e e k B end , p a s s e d aw oy S atu rd ay , M arch 5, 1977 in o lo c a l h o s p ita l. B o r n in G r o n d - b e r r y , T e x a s , M rs. G r u n e w o ld resid ed in San Antonio 32 y e a rs an d w as a m e m b e r of th e C hurch of J e s u s C h r i s t of L o f t e r D ay 
Saints. S urviv ors: H usband , Mr. 
R o b e r t J . H. G r u n e w a l d ; s o n s , 
M rs R o g er R o b e r t G r u n e w a ld , 
M r. D o n a l d L e e G r u n e w o l d ; d au g h ters. M rs. Tom m ie Yolanda 
Huizar, Mrs. C arolyn Sue Blevins, 
M iss M a r t h a A nn G r u n e w a l d , 
M iss C h e r y l D e a n G r u n e w a l d , 
M is s L i s a F a y G r u n e w o l d ; 6 g ran d ch ild ren S ervices 1:45 p m 
Tuesday at the Southside F un eral 
H ome Chapel with Bishop J a m e s 
S w a n s o n o ffic ia tin g . I n t e r m e n t 
Ft. S am Houston National C em e­ tery. Direction of 

63o1 S. Floras 
922-6839 

IQI—Deaths 

M O N T E Z 
M R . A N T O N IO O 
M O N T E Z , 919 A r ­ bor Pl., born in Son 
A n t o n i o 
F e b . 
2, 
19o9, e n te re a rest F rid ay, M arch, 
4, 1977 at the ag e of 68 y ea rs . 
ROSARY MONDAY 7:oo PM 
ALAMO CH A PEL S 
MASS-TUESDAY-9:3o AM 
St Agnes Catholic Church 
8o4 Ruiz St. wilt! R e v . R o b e r t E b e r h o r d t , 
CSSP os ce leb ran t a n d in term ent to follow In R o sela w n M em o rial 
P ork. S urvivors: Wife, Mrs. Min­ nie P. M o n te z ; d a u g h t e r , M rs. 
A r m o n d o 
( M a r t h a ) 
G a r z a . 
C h ic a g o , III.; s o n s . R o b e r t A. 
Montez ond wife, Mu. to S., City, 
MM3 Ruben Montez, USN, O rlan ­ d o . F l o . ; s i s t e r , M r s . C a r l o s 
( R u t h ) D e L a V e g a ; b r o t h e r s , 
P ete G., R o b ert Q & J im m y G. 
M o n te z , all of S a n A n to n io , 7 g r a n d c h i l d r e n ; 5 g r e a t - g r a n d ­ c h i l d r e n . M r . M o n t e z w a s o m e m b e r of St. A g n e s C a th o lic 
C h urch a n d h a s b ee n a lifelong resident of Son Antonio. S ervices u nd er the direction of a m e m b e r of The Lelon Cude Fam ily of 

/V ee wt> 
25-5731 
N.Tklomo of Brooklyn 

RAMOS 
Mr E rn e sto R a m o s of 6o2 G la d ­ stone intered rest M arch 5, 1977 at th e a g e of 85 y e a r s . S u r v iv o r s : 
Sons, E rnesto, H om er, R o bert an d 
F ran k R a m o s; d a u g h te r s , C laro 
C a r r a s c o a n d O lg a M a r t i n e z ; b ro th e r , R a f e a l R a m o s ; s is te r , 
Adelida M e n c h a c a , R ita R a m o s and R o sen tm a C havez; 14 g r a n d ­ children; 5 g re a t- g r a n d c h ild r e n 
R o s a ry s e r v ic e s will be at 7:3o p.m . M o n d a y ot P a l m H e ig h t s 
C h a p e l. F u n e r a l S e r v i c e s will le a v e P a l m H e ig h ts C h a p e l a t 
8:3o a.m . T u e s d a y with fu n e r a l m a ss at 9:oo of St. J a m e s Catholic 
Church. I n te rm e n t will follow at 
S o n F e r n a n d o N o. 2. A r r a n ­ gem en ts with 
P alm 
Heights 
M ortuary. 

Balm Brigtlts 

924-4568 
3711 So. Z a r z o m o r o 

G U Z M A N 
F r a n k G u z m a n ol 1212 V ic k e rs intered into rest M arch 4, 1977 at the a g e of 7o y e a rs . S u r v iv o r s : 
W ife, E l v i r a G u z m a n ; s o n s , 
A d a m G u z m a n , T on y G u z m a n , 
E r n e s t G u z m o n , a n d P a t r i c i o 
G u z m a n ; d a u g h t e r , E v a Ro d n q u e z ; b r o th e r s . A ntonio G u z ­ m a n , S a n t i a g o G u t m a n a n d 
Samuel G u zm a n , sisters, Amelia 
G a r z a ; 6 g r a n d c h ild r e n R o sary s ervic es will be at 8 OO p m M on­ d a y a t P a l m H e i g h t s C h a p e l 
F u n eral servic es will leove P alm 
Heights Chapel at 1:3o p.m. T u e s ­ d a y w ith f u n e r a l m a s s a t 7:oo p m at St. Jo seph South San. In­ te r m e n t will follow a t S an F e r ­ n a n d o C e m e t e r y No 2. A r r a n ­ g em ents with 

Palm Iff ightfl 

3711 So. Z a rz a m o r c 
924-4S681 

HAIR 
Thelm a W Hair, ag e 73, of Rf 7 
Box 562, p a s s e d a w o y S u n d a y . 
M arch 6,1977 in a local hospital 
S h e w a s b o r n in M e x ic o C ity, 
M e x ic o a n d a S a n A n to n io r e ­ s i d e n t s i n c e 19o5. S h e w o s a m e m b e r of Oak Island Methodist 
C h u r c h . S u r v i v o r s 
D a u g h t e r , 
M rs. A lm a Ann M id g ett, M ark - horn, T e x a s , 5 g r a n d c h i l d r e n . 
M ichelle H o w ser, L a u r a S m ith, 
J a m e s , W ilan n a a n d J o h n M id ­ get!, a n d 4 g r e a t g r a n d c h ild re n 
F u n eral Services will be co n du ct­ ed 2:3o p m . Tu esd ay in Mission 
P o rk F u n e r a l C hapel with Rev 
W a d er M cLeod officiating. I n te r ­ m e n t to f o llo w in O a k I s l o n d 
C em etery. Oak Island, T exas A r­ ra n g e m e n ts by 

MISSION PARK 
1 11 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
LL) 
17oo S I. Mdrtaiy Dr 

HODYS 
M /SG T J A M E S G 
'r f 5*?- 
H O D Y S . 
U S A F 
(R e t.) , 83o H o o ver 
A v e ., b o r n in R e s o v i e t , B o h e m i a , 
J a n 1,19o3, e n te re d rest F rid ay, M arch 
4, 1977 ot the ag e of 
74 y ea rs 
SERV ICES MONDAY-1o OO AM 
ALAMO CH A P E L S w ith i n t e r m e n t to follow in Ff. 
Som Houston National C em etery w ith full m i l i t a r y h o n o r s a n d u n d e r the a u s p ic e s of Kelly Mo- so nic L o d g e No. 1131, A F& AM . 
Survivors Wife, M rs. M aggie Lee 
H odvs; sisters. M rs. M arie Hoff 
S n y d e r, M rs. L o u ise B o r o v s k y , 
Chicago, ill.; nieces, M rs. W onda 
F. Scoff, G alveston, T exas, M rs. 
L o rra in e P ontrelti, C hicago, III., 
Noncy P astersk i. Cicero, III., n e ­ phews, Clifford Few, Lillian. Tex , 
Ronnie Hodvs, J im m y Borovsky, 
C h i c a g o , 
III. 
T h e f a m i l y a p p r e c ia te s the b e a u ty a n d s e n ­ ti m e n t of f lo w e r s , h o w e v e r , if their friends so d esire they m a y m a k e a donation to S hrine Crip pled C h ildren s H ospital, c / o Al­ io fa r Temple Hospital Fund, P. O 
B ox $369. S a t. H o d y s w a s a m e m b e r of P a lm H gts. B a p tis t 
C h u r c h , K elly L o d g e No 
1 13 1, 
AFAAM. Scottish Rite Bodies, Al­ io fa r Shrine, a veteran of WW ll an d K orean W ar an d h a s been a re s id e n t of Son Antonio tor the p ast 32 y ea rs Services u n der the d i r e c t i o n of a m e m b e r of T h e 
Leton Cude Fam ily of 
The Atam e 
225 5731 
N Atomo at Brooklyn 

K LINKSIE K 
M rs. V ero K linksiek, a g e 74, of 
1219 G reet, died M a rc h 4, 1977 in 
o l o c a l h o s p i t a l . S h e w a s a m e m b e r of St J o h n 's L u t h e r a n 
C h u r c h a n d L o u i s e S c h u e t z e 
Lodge No. 3, O O H S S urvivors: 
Brothers. E u g e n e L. an d G ilbert 
W G u slm g e r , sev eral nieces and nep h ew s, g reat-n iec es. S erv ic es 
M o n d a y 9 :3 o a rn a t R ie b e - 
S au n d ers C hapels with the Rey. 
N o rm an H A lbertson officiating i n t e r m e n t in S a n J o s e S u n o l 
P ark A r m n a e m e n ts with 

S C H M IDT Z IN SK Y 
Mrs. M ary Belle S chm idtzinskv, of 3619 R i c h w o o d D r . p a s s e d ' aw ay M arch 5, 1977 a t the a g e of 
3o y e a r s . S u r v i v o r s : H u s b a n d , 
Roy Schmidtzinskv, San Antonio, 
T e x a s , p a r e n t s , M r. a n d M r s 
C urry D ucote; sisters, Mrs. Mar- cey B a k e r ond M rs. L a u r a Bin- y o n ; b r o t h e r s , C h a r l e s D u c o te an d Clint D ucote, all of San A n­ gelo, Texas. R o s a ry will be recit­ ed a t 7:oo p .m . S u n d a y at O ak 
Hills Chapel. M ass will be held at 
2 OO p.m. M onday, M arch 7 at The 
S acred H eart Catholic C hurch in 
Son Angelo, T ex as. In te rm en t to follow in th e Catholic C e m e te ry . 
In lie u of f l o w e r s t h e f a m i l y request that donations be m a d e lo the C a n c e r Society. 
(3uk Billa 
8 o96 Frederick (burg 
4o6-711* 

X M E L S b Y 
Mrs. Attle K. Sm elsev, age 97, w ife of t h e l a t e M o i 
S a m u e l 
Smelsev, died T h u rsd ay , M arch 3, 
1977, in Stockton, Calif She w as a n ativ e of K o n s o s ; lived in San 
Antonio SO y e a r s a n d m o v e d to 
California in 197o. Survivors: Son, 
D r. S 
O 
S m e l s e v . S t o c k t o n , 
Calif.; g r a n d d a u g h t e r . M rs S an ­ d r o F i s h o a c h , 
N a p a , C a lif 
G raveside serv ic e T uesday at ll o clock a t FL S o m H ouston N o­ tional C em etery . 
A rra n g e m e n ts with tarter Loring 

1 1o 1 M c C u l l o u g h 2 2 7 -8 2 2 1 

K i i m, 

S u N 1 H B S 

A DALLAS policem an takes up a position on top of tw o cars as he prepares for action 
Police close kidnap case 

W E A V E R 
M /S G T . S t a f f o r d B 
W e a v e r , R e t 
U S A , 
161o No P ine St., born in W est V irg in ia a n d en tered r e s t S atu rd a y . M o rch S, 
1977 a t t h e a g e of 65 y e a r s 
M em o rial s e r v ic e s a r e p e n d in g on d will be a n n o u n c e d in la te r copers. S ervices u n d er the d ire c ­ tion of The Lelon Cude Family 
The Atame 
725-5731 
N. Alamo of Brooklyn 

Bv CECIL CLIFT 
The case of a kidnaped San 
Antonio store clerk abducted last week is officially closed, robbery detectives said Sunday after questioning the victim. 
The clerk, Steve Smith, 23, of 2o3 
Claremont Ave., arrived in San Anton­ io about I a.m. Sunday with his parents following a 12-hour drive from Ruido­ so, N. M. 
After a night’s sleep. Smith spent two hours ta lk in g w ith robbery detectives about his ordeal before at­ tending church services and dining with friends. 
Det. Inv, Mike Ross of the SAHD robbery bureau said Smith was shown a 1968 picture of the abducted Jerry 
Wayne Alston, 29. of 793o Blanco Road. 
Killed 
Alston was shot and killed Saturday morning by a Colorado Springs, Colo., police m arksm an following a three- state kidnapping and robbery spree b eg in n in g w ith S m it h ’s abdu ction 
Thursday night, police reported. 

“ Smith positively identified the pic­ ture as that of the man who abducted him ,” 
Ross said. 
“ So, except for som e paperwork, the case is closed 

 from our point of view.” 
Smith, an Oshman’s Sporting Goods clerk, was forced at gunpoint into his car by a custom er who slipped two shells into a magnum pistol belong­ ing to the store, police reported. 
Smith was released near Capitan. 
N.M., Friday morning after driving for 
16 hours, stopping only for gasoline, coffee and doughnuts, the clerk told police. 
After abandoning S m ith ’s car be­ cause of an engine m alfunction, the abductor went on to rob a service sta­ tion in Montanair, N. M., and took the attendant hostage after com m andeer­ ing another vehicle, police said. 
Hostages 
Two other persons were taken hos­ tage before the man was shot in Co­ lorado, police said. 
Alston was convicted of robbery here in 197o but was returned to Washington state where he was already serving a 
2o-year term for arm ed robbery in connection with a 1968 incident. 
Ile returned to San Antonio after be­ ing paroled three months ago. police said. 
Det. Ross said Smith has scheduled an news conference for ll a.m. Monday in the SAPD robbery office to discuss his experience. 

II IVN V MtKv *-St at Bk 

LAY 
M r* 
L u c i d * M a lo n e L a y , 3o7 
M o n t, iii St 
Apt VOS, died M arch 
I F u n e ra l Set vice* I a r n M on ­ day. M arch 7, Roy Aker* F u n e ra l 
C h a p e l ! . I n t e r m e n t H o t e l a w n 
M em orial P ork 

5 1 5 N o M a in 
2 2 6 72o1 

O L IV A R E Z 
V a l e r i a O liv a r e z a t RL 7. Box 
432A, San A ntonio p a n e d a w a y th u r s d a y M arch 3, 1977 F u n e ra l 
S erv ic e! M onday. 13: OO noon at 
E ipaO a M i!!ion In te rm e n t lo fol­ low in Ft. Sam H o ulton Notional 
C em ete ry A r r a n g e m e n t! by 

MISSION P \H k 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S I M ilita ry Hr 

R A M I R E Z 
M r H ector C adillo R o m a et Sr , 
61 IS Law n Valiev, died M arch I 
M a ! ! will be re c ite d 17 15 p m 
Monday M arch I. St Vincent De 
Paul Catholic C h u rch In te r m e n t 
FI 
Sam 
Houclen 
National 
Cem etery 

T ^ f l k r A 
* 

5 1 5 N o M a in 
2 2 6 72o1 

W IL H IT E 
M R 
M I L L E R E . 
W I L H I T E , 
773o 
G len M i!t, b o r n in 
G o i v e s t o n , T e x a s 
M o r c h 3o, 1915 e n t e r e d r e i t 
Friday, M arch 4, 1977 a t th e ag e of 61 y ea r!. 
VISITATION 
S aturda y 12 Noon until 
Monday IO: OO A M 
ALAMO CH A PEL S al which time Mr. Wilhite will be taken to Ft, S am Houston N ation­ al C em etery for serv ic es al ti:3 o a rn. w ith T h e R ev . S ta n le y F. 
H a u s e r o f f ic ia tin g . S u r v i v o r s : 
W ife, M n . G r a c e D 
W i lh it e ; d a u g h t e r , M n . J c a n u f l e P itts , 
Conroe, T ex as; son. A E. Wilhite, 
H o u sto n , T e x a s ; m o t h e r , M r s . 
Muriel Wilhite, City; sisters, Mrs, 
P a t r i c i o B u k e r . M rs. K e n n e t h 
P e a r s o n , City; g r a n d d a u g h t e r s , 
D eb ra 
L a u re n a n d 
K ath erine 
Wilhite, H ouston, T ex as. T e r e s a 
P i t t s , C o n r o e , T e x a s ; g r e a t - g r a n d s o n , M i c h a e l B u r l e s o n , 
Houston, Texas. M r Wilhite w as a m e m b e r ot St M a r k s E p isc o p a l 
C h u r c h , T h e A m e r i c a n L e g ion , 
T P a tc h P ost No. 568, F o rty ct 8 a n d h a s bee n a r e s id e n t of San 
A nto n ro fo r th e p o s t 2o y e a r s . 
Services u n d e r the direction of a m e m b e r of T h e L e l o n C u d e 
Family of 

7 1 k a A ta m e 
225 5731 
N. A lam o ot Brooklyn 

BA R R IE N T E S 
M rs. G u a d a l u p e T. B a r r i e n t e s . 
5459 M a g n e t St., bo rn in E l m e n ­ dorf, T ex as Dec IO, 19o9 e n tered r e s t M a r c h 5, 1977 al th e of 68 years. M rs. B arrien tes hod been a lifetime resident of San Antonio. 
Rosary will be recited in the Max 
M artinez Chapel M onday M a rc h 7 al 7:3o p m Requiem M ass will be offered Tuesday, M arch I at 9:oo a rn. from Holy R o s a ry Catholic 
C h u r c h , 543 W e s t m i n s t e r A v e. 
Concluding servic es will follow in 
Sun F e r n a n d o C e m e te r y No 7. 
S u r v i v o r s : H u s b a n d . M r. J o s e 
B a r r i e n t e s , d a u g h t e r s , M r s . 
A r th u r ( H o p e i C a n c m o of S an 
A n t o n i a , s o n s , M r. J o s e B a r ­ r ie n te s J r . of F o r ! W o rth . M r. 
L o r e n z o B a r r i e n t e s . M r. L u p e 
B a r r i e n t e s , M r . L u s d e n B a r ­ r ie n te s . oil f r o m s a n A n to n io ; sister, J u an ita V asquez of San 
Antonio; 27 g ra n d c h ild re n an d 14 g r e a t - g r a n d c h i l d r e n S e r v i c e s under the direction of 
Max Martinez 
•7o1SW Martin 
727-6281 

GONZALES 
Mr Jo e M Gonzales, F irst View 
Dr., b o rn in San Antonio, T e x as 
Dec. 24, 19oo, en tered rest M orch 
6, 1977 a t the a g e of 76 y e a rs Mr, 
G onzales h ad been a lifetime r e ­ sident of San Antonio R o sary will be recited in the Chopel of Hoses of the North P o rk M o rtu ary Mon d a y , 
M o r c h 
7 a t 7 OO a rn 
R e q u i e m M o s s will be o t t e r e d 
T u e sd a y , M a r c h I ot I OO p m from St. A nn's Catholic C h urch, 
21o St Ann St. C o n c lu d in a s e r ­ vices will tallow in San F e rn a n d o 
C e m e t e r y N a . 2 
S u r v i v o r s 
D oughiers, M rs, John (L ucy) Vil lorreal, M rs Julion L. (F lo ren c e) 
Gonzalez, M rs. Gonzalo (E stella) 
Cornu, all from San Antonio, M rs 
T e r re ll ( M a r y L o u is) T y le r of 
C a l i f o r n i a , s o n s , M r , J o e V 
G o n z a l e s e t C a l i f o r n i a , M r , 
R ic ard o V. G onzales of F l o r i d a n ie c e s , s is te r O P 
M a r y P a u l 
Valdez, M rs. Julian (G lo ttal G ar c i a , 24 g r a n d c h i l d r e n a n d 1$ a r e a l g r a n d c h i l d r e n S e r v i c e s u nder th# direction at 
Nurllj Jlark 

 f t u r t u a r i j 

11 Fiedertcktlswig 
72 4 S J I , 

British training 
Ugandan pilots 

Melee brings arrest of 42 

DALLAS 
(A P ) 
- 
Police arrested 42 p er­ sons Sunday during a rock and bottle throwing melee that was set off by a policem an tryin g to break up a fight at XX bite 
Rock Lake Park, author­ ities said. 
Eight persons, includ­ ing six police officers, were injured during the disturbance, police spo­ kesman Bob Shaw said. 
P olice Sgt. Kenneth 
Heard was hit in the head with a rock and was ho­ sp italized after later com p lain in g of chest pains. Shaw said. Others injured were treated at local hospitals and released. 
Arrest 

Officials said the melee began when sev er a l young persons on the east side of the lake objected to an arrest made by an officer on the drive that runs alongside the lake iii 
North Dallas. 
About IOO p olice o f­ ficers responded to help control the crowd and divert traffic from the area, which was jammed with people taking ad ­ vantage of the w arm weather. 
Police stopped traffic from entering the drive and began ordering the young people, estimated at between 1.5oo and 
2,ooo to leave the area. 
A p olice h elico p ter hovered over the crowd and broadcasted orders for the crowd to disperse. 
Shaw said the d istu r­ bance was “ probably tin* result of youthful ex- huberance.” 
Lots of cars 

* 
‘ Every Sunday when the w eather is good, there are lots of cars on the cast side of the lake." 
Shaw said . 
“ Today som ething went wrong. 
Before you knew it, it was them versus us." 
Shaw said the situation was brought under con­ trol within a couple of hours. 
One officer fired a warning shot into the air when he and sev era l other p olicem en w ere surrounded and p h y ­ sically attacked by part of the crowd. Shaw said 

LONDON (AP) — Ten young Ugan­ dan women, including a niece of Pre­ sident Idi Amin, are taking flying les­ sons at a field in the Scottish country­ side and some will later learn to fly 
Ugandan MIG jets in combat, a London newspaper said Sunday. 
The muss-eirculation N ew s of the 
World quoted an ex-Royal Air Force officer, who said he once helped train the women, as saving they “ never wanted to fly in the first place” and were under great pressure to bring glory to Amin. 
“ All he will ach ieve is a sort of kamikaze flying Circus," the News of the World quoted ex-Wing Commander 
James Cobb us saying. 
Neither the students nor their school. 
Air Services Training at Scone near 
Perth, could Im* reached for comment. 
But the newspaper quoted the head of the flying school, Frank Nugent, as saving: “ They're here to get a civil 

 q u a lifica tio n , and it they go into military service afterwards i can’t tell. can I?" 
A British Foreign Ministry spokes­ man said: "lf they are engaged in civil aviation training there would not seem to be anything untoward or su rp ris­ ing." 

Said a Royal Air Force spokesman: 
“ ll ibex were being trained as military p i l o t s , that w o u l d have to he done through an agreement with the Min­ istry of Defense." 

The N ew s of the W orld said the 
Ugandan w om en w ere 
“ c lo s e ly supervised day and night by Ugandan guards” and live at a small hotel near the airfield, watched over by a woman lieutenant from a tribe trusted by 
Amin. 
They arrived lour months ago for a 
13-month course, the newspaper said 
Escaped m urderer believed in Texas 

TEM wa *2 s dmi mum s u n kiwi 

Lo ll 
225-1666 

McA l e s t e r , o u a 
(AP) — A convicted rob­ ber w ho killed an 'Ok­ lahoma state prison of­ ficer in a weekend escape was still al large Sunday and probably crossed the 
Crippled bridge collapses 

Ho p e w e l l , va ( a id 
— Pollee said part of the 
B enjam in 
H arrison 
Bridge, rammed Feb. 24 by a tanker, collapsed 
Sunday night and spilled deb ris into the J a m e s 
River. 
A small fire broke out aboard tilt* tanker, but the blaze was contained. 
P rince G eorge County police said no one was injured. 

Officials said the n o r t h to w e r a n d a span of t h e b r i d g e were i n v o lv e d iii 
’lie co llapse. 
Further details were not available im­ mediately. rile 
I S .-reg istered sulphur tanker Marine 
Floridian lore oil a lit)-fool section of tile bridge 
Feb. 
24 
A 
24o-section of the bridge is resting on the tanker. 

 border into 'texas, auth­ orities said. 
Oklahoma State Peni­ tentiary Warden Richard 
Crisp said Edward Lyle 
Hall, 3o, was last seen 
Saturday near M anns­ v ille. about 95 m iles south of the prison and 2o miles north of Texas 
Crisp said Hall accost­ ed Frank Ritter. 38. of 
A rdm ore and Hitter s two sons who were fish­ ing near Manusv ilk*. 
The inmate threatened the youngest boy. ll. with a knife and forced Ruler to drive him tor less than a mile. 
“ E ve already killed one man escaping from 
McAlester.” Hitter said 
Hall told him Then the convict freed Hitler and his sons aud drove oil alone iii H itter's car, 
Crisp said. 
Alerted 

Ile said Texas authori­ tie s w ere alerted and were participating iii a manhunt tor Hall, a pri­ son trusty e lig ib le tor parole iii three years 
Crisp said Hall was as­ signed to gathering eggs at the prison I a rm 's chicken house un Satur­ day morning and was the only inmate working iii that section ut the farm, 
Hall apparently killed prison farm supervisor 
Albert J 'Cox. 47. after 

Muniz faces 
Corpus trial 

C O R PUS 
CHRIST! 
(AP) — Ramsey Muniz. who tw ice ran u n s u c ­ cessfully for governor of 
Texas, was scheduled to go on trial here Monday on marijuana smuggling charges. 

Muniz was set to be tried also on one charge of jum ping hail s t e m ­ ming from Ins failure to appear iii federal court here iii November 1976 
Last m onth, 
Muniz pleaded guilty to federal charges iii San Antonio that he con sp ired to smuggle over KOO pounds of marijuana into the 
United States from Mex­ ico. 
The Corpus C hristi law yer was sen ten ce d last week to five years aud a sp ec ia l 1o-year parole, 

 ll counts 

A 
Corpus 
C hristi lederal grand jury re­ turned an ll-c o u n t in ­ dictment against Muniz. 
34. last July a c c u s in g him ut participating in the sm u gglin g of 6.ooo pounds of marijuana mitt the U.S. 
An arrest warrant was issued for Muniz when he tailed to appear at feder­ al court in November 
Police claim pot seizure 

About five pounds of marijuana was found inside a 
Valiey-Hi residence after fire fighters had extin­ guished a blaze inside the structure, police said 
Cause of the fire at 5828 Elm valley St. was attributed by Acting Disc Chief Keno Rodriguez to a cigarette that ignited a chair in the living room. 
The fire had spread from the chair to a parachute hanging from the ceiling by the tim e fire..un arrived at 12:26 p.m., Rodriguez said. 
Police reported finding the marijuana inside the residence after the blaze bud been extinguished three minutes later. Police said the occupants of the residence were not at home when police and fire fighters arrived. 
‘ 
* •* 

I ox refused to turn over 
I he keys to the pickup truck he used to make his rounds, Crisp said. Hail then drove the pickup truck through a barbed* w ire fence around the prison farm grounds. 
Cox's body vvas found late Saturday afternoon under a pile of feed sucks in a chicken coop on the tarn). Crisp said Cox died ut multiple stab wounds aud a severe blow to the head. 
Hall was serving three concurrent term s for armed robberies at three tulsa liquor stores lie entered the state prison in 
A ugust 
1974 and b ecam e a trusty in 
August 
1976. 

Want 
Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 
HOURS 

8 A.M . to 
5:3o P.M. 
M O N D A Y thru FRIDAY 

ANNOUNCCMOm 

1o6— Personals 
1 o 7 — 
B u sin e ss P e r so n a ls 
1o8— lo st and Found 
11o— 
Special Nonces 
112— Professional Notices 

118— Lodge Notices 
12o— Bids A Proposals 
122— Official Publications 
124— Legal Notices 

H A L (STAT! 

2o1 — Real Estate Notices 
2 o 2 — O pen Houses 
2 o 4 — Property Out of 
Town 
2o6 
Con dom inium s— 
Townhouses 
2o8 
Apartm ents, 
Duplexes 
21o— H ouses— Northeast 
212 ■ 
Houses 
N orthwest 
214 
Houses 
Southeast 
216 1 Houses 
Southw est 
2 1 8 — Houses M o v e d cmd 
W recked 
22 o— Houses for Trode 
2 2 2 — M iscellaneous Real 
Estate 
2 2 4 — Houses, Sale or 
Rent 
2 2 6 — Suburban 
Property— Acreage 
2 2 8 — Resort Properties 
2 3 o — Lo b 
2 3 2 — Farms and Ranches 
2 3 4 — Farms and Ranches fo r Rent 
2 3 6 — Com m ercial 
P roperty— Sale 
2 3 8 — Com m ercial 
Property (Lease) 
2 4 o — Com m ercial 
Property (W anted) 
2 4 2 — Industrial Property fo r Sale 
2 4 4 — Industrial Property fo r Loose 
2 4 6 — Industrial P roperty 
W onted 
2 4 8 — O ffice Space for 
Lease 
2 SO— O ffice Space 
W anted 
2 5 2 — Real Estate Sell or 
Exchange 
2 S 4 — Real Estate W an ted 
2 5 6 — Real Estate 
Loans— Notes 
258- de al Estate Loans 
W onted 

RENTALS 

1o6 - PERSONALS 
AN U R G E N T R E Q U E S T . You contact us, Louise (Mee Freitag) 
Williams. Coll Vernice or Mom 
Freitag. 
FOR Late Nile Specials (1opm to tam ) Call M is s E X O T IC , that shoaly, super, • G in a” . P A R IS 
R U BS, 492-2994. 
F O X Y L A O Y E s c o rt S e rv ice 
734-8253, 732-3361 Tokyo House 
4218 Blanco 
L E T N AN C Y H E L P YOU TH RU 
THE NITE. 1opm to tom, P A R IS 
R U B S 492-2994. 

11o SPECIil NOTICES 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSSNKLS 
A NEW M A SSA G E LO CATIO N outside city, open 7 days ‘til 2am. 
Prot. m asseuses. 1223o IH3S N. betwwen O'Conner 6 Judson Rds 

A T T N : H IG H R O L L E R S 
Exhilarating continuous action with big payoffs possible. M in ­ imum S3ooo Call now toll-free 
8oo-824-512o. Ask tor operator 156. 
C A LL B R E E M iss 34-22-35, tor the 
M assage of Y our Life! P A R IS 
HUBB, Open 1o:3oom to 4pm 
492-2994. 
C A L L C E E C E E A N O T H A T 
AIN T SCO TCH 1 492-2994 
Do you want to lose weight the n utritional w a y ? Do it with 
S H A K L E E Products. Call 2-7pm: 
349-8211 or 341-8794 
En large Your Circle of Single 
F rie n d s 
Join: 
S U B U R B A N 
S IN G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E . 
Write: 8451 M ichelle W ay San 
Antonio, Tx 78239 
___ 
E V E R Have a Switch M assage? 
Coll Carmen for Details. 492-2994. 
FOR H E L P with an unwed preg­ nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft. Worth, TX 1-8oo-792-11o4 
FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 

B L O O D 
7 D O N A T I O N S ? 
BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES O F 
S A N A N T O N I O 
N O W 
O P E N 

A C R O S S F R O M 
M U N IC IP A L A U D IT O R IU M 
A T 
1 1 2 A U D IT O R IU M CIR. 
BU*.-frL M f AJA.-4.-o6 PJR. 
C LO S ED S A T . A S U N . 
SPAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

Top cosh paid for your old new­ spapers and corrugated. SIS Ce­ ra go APCO P A P E R STOCK 
U D R IV E OUR C A R S 
A N Y C IT Y -SH A R E GAS 
N.A.T., INC. 
(713) 94o-1o3o 

118-LODGE NOTICES 
A LAM O LO DG E No 44, A F 4 A M , 
Scottish Rite Temple, Ave E and 
4th Sis. Called comm Monday, 
March 7, 1977 at 7 P.M. tor work in 
(I) FC Degree. Members urged to attend Visitors cordially invited 
Refreshments. David A. Schwarz, ll, W M., Ramon B. Collins, Sec. 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
Express-N ew s— 
M o n d a y , M a rch 7, 1 9 7 7 
First Page 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 5 
8815 WOODBURY 
Comer Netegdedies RO. 
Swing in garage, forge country island kitchen, dining ond ploy area, cathedral ceilings throughout. 3 bedrooms, 2 large baths, trellis covered terrace, on shady fenced comer lot Priced to sell at $43,9oo 
13822 KINGSBURY 
HIU 
NORTHERN HILLS 
“Off BCU ST.” 
Toke advantage of the first show ing of this artfully decorated ond landscaped 3 bedroom home 2 living and dining areas 
Split bedroom, fireplace, beautiful window coverings and mort for only $41,9oo. 

349-1436 

288 
A P W u m w n QUPiEXts 
'2 1 8 - H e r o i m a m 

 s t and 78 U N IT S 
H ig h re tu rn - L o w e q u ity 
G o od a re a - o th e rs a v a ila b le 
S A N T E X 
CO., 
R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 
D U P L E X 1824 N. Pine 
VA Approval, 514,ooo, 824-2o5o 
GET THE LEAD OUT lf your money isn't working tor you, it’s costing you. This 4-plex will have your money working for you 24 h ou rs a day. 95°* oc-i cupancy. Call today for details.' 
484-72oo 
C EN T U R Y 21 Schneider Really 

Given bv the Foxiest Girls in San 
Antonio Best place to Relax and 
Unwind. "Feel Better Fast". Out­ side City Limits. Open 1o:3o to 
3am Big Discounts! North Side 
PA R IS-R U BB, 492-2994__________ 
G. 
SPECIAL 
Most Massages ’ ? Price! 1opm to 
4am The Late Nile Place to be this week! 
P A R IS RU BB, 
492 2994 

B L U E B O N N ET LO D G E No 1219, 
AF&AM, 27o2 >j S. Presa. Slated 
Com m . 
M o n d a y 
7:3o 
P M . 
Members urged to attend. Visiting 
Master Masons invited Marion G. 
Pope, Jr., W M.; Loo Candy, Sec. 
C O M M U N IT Y L O D G E No 12o1, 
A F & A M . 519 Alam etos. Called 
Comm. Monday, March 7 at 4:oo 
P.M. tor work in (3) M M Degrees. 
Refreshm ents will be served. 
M em bers urged to attend. V isi­ tors welcome J. Knox Duncan, 
W M.; C. McEllresh, Sec._______ 
N A T M W A SH IER L O D G E NO 
127o, AF&AM, 212 City St. Stated 
Comm. M onday 7:3o P.M. All regular members urged to attend. 
All past Masters cordially invited. 
Andrew H. Banda, W .M.; Alex 
Sanchez, Sec. 
_ 

Thinking about transferring? 

“Consider What We Hove To Offer” 
6 E x c it a n t c o m m iss io n sp lit. 
4 N a tio n a l R e fe rr a l S y s te m . 
4 O v e r 3 3 o o O ffic e s 
4 R a d io a n d T V c o v e r a g e . 
4 T ra in in g S ch o o ls. 
4 B ro k e r's A s s is ta n c e . 

C o ll B e th T o te Fo r c o n fid e n tia l I n te rv ie w . 

GARDEN WINDOW 
Looks into oak studded courtyard 
This 3-2-2 quality packed home backs up to large ranch. Located in e x c lu siv e 
W O O D S 
O F 
S H A V A N O on De Z a v a la Rd. 
Take first left and look for rock home ai 4443 SH A V AN O W OODS 
O P EN 
SA T U R D A Y 
AND 
SU N D AY 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A - 4 + units 
5475 mo. income. A lw a ys full. 
Good cond. $41,5oo Owner carry 
342-9754. 

S 
M 
M 

$ 1 M O V E IN V A 
COhVW TKXUi 5 % DOWN 
No Ferment THI April 7 7 
Wq Inbrni Mvturaf 3 

LARGE CORNER DUPLEX 
Includes garage apt. Total rent 
545o Separate meters Very good shape. Woodlawn area. 
G RAC E L A IR D 734-4235 73&ooo7 

M A S SE U S E W AN TED. $2oo • $3oo 
Weekly Experience not neces­ sary 732-3341 4218 Blanco Tokyo 
House.___________________ ______ 

SAN ANTO NIO C O M M A N D E R Y 
NO 7, KT. Stated Conclave M on­ day at 7:3o P.M. Scottish Rite 
Temple. M em bers urged to at­ tend Visiting Sir Kn igh ts w el­ com e Bob E. H a n sle v, Com - mondec; Horace A. Tufts, Sec. 

12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 

341-9166 ll I I 
I I ll 
Homo492-9296 
Howard Toto, Realtors 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 

Matchmaker Inc. 
Singles 18-8o yrs, introducions 
344 1115. 344-1125 
Meet me noon to 4pm, Betty. Meet me from 4pm to Jam , Edie for drinks and dancing At the Re­ sort, 6443 Randolph Blvd. between 
O Conner & Judson Rds_________ 

3 o 2 — M obil* H om es for 
Rent 
AOI — Apartm ents 7urn. 
4 o 2 — H ousekeeping Ap t. 
Fum. 
4 o 4 
Ap a rtm e nts. U n fu rl. 
4 o 6 — Houses, D uplexes— furnished 
4 o 8 — Houses, D u plexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 1 o — Houses, Rent or Sell 
4 1 2 — Room s, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Rooms, Unfurnished 
4 1 6 — Room s w ith Bourd 
4 1 B — .W an t to Rent or 
Loose 

Business 
’o p p o r t u n it ie s 
$ 

P O EM S needed to be set to music 
We otter $1o,ooo cash owards ♦ royalties and publishing For a free evaluation send your poems to Country Creations, Box 2o57, 
Nashville, Tonnesoe 37214 .______ 
SP R IN G S P E C IA L ’ ? Price M as­ sage. Free Sauna and Whirlpool. 
732-3341 Tokyo House 4218 Blanco 
SU N D A Y S P E C IA L ! Holt Price 
Massage (rom 12-4. Free Sauna 
732-3341 4218 Blanco Rd,________ 
2 Women with Mossuse exp. must relocate to V ictoria. $15oo to 
$2,ooo per month. Send Resum e to: M r King, Box 4171, Victoria, 
Tx. 779o1._______________________ 

1o8-LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND. Loop 41o-Fredricksburg 
Rd Med size black male poodle, 8 yrs old No collar.Gentle. 349-1111 ext. 22o or 494-8482______________ 
FOUND: Small Black Chihuahua 
White Face. 321o Nantucket. 
LO ST , black m asked, apricot m ale A fgh an , Sch ertz area. 
Reword. 494-5383. 
____________ 
LO ST : B rittany Spaniel, tem 
White ond orange E Central rec 
Ans, to Queen 448-1447 Reword 
LOST in Northwood area. Small long-haired male dog. Tan-brown with b lack on e a rs and tail. 
Named 
"Curley". 
R E W A R D ! 
822-179o_______ 
LO ST :2-27-77 in Oak Pork-Sunset 
Rd area Gray-white female Alas­ kan Malamute(Huskie). Chained collar. A nsw e rs to ""C h ili" or 
ChiKto". COH 824-7437__________ 
LOST: Long Haired Siamese Cat 
Adult Female, El Dorado Arca, 
Liberal Reword 824-8457._______ 
LOST. mole Irish Setter, tagged. 
8o lbs, 3 yrs old IH1o and Hilde- brond. Jim 732-7o82 434-o321 

5o1. 
Bu sin* ss 
Opportunities 
5 o 2 — Business O p p o r­ tunities W anted 
5 o 4 — M o n ey to Lund 
5 o 6 — fin ancial— Invest- 

5 o 8 — o11 Propostions 
5 1 o 
M on e y W anted 
5 1 2 — Instructions 
3 1 4 — Instructions W anted 

EMPLOYMENT 

6o1 — Professional 
6 o 2 — Salas 
6 o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resum es 
6 o 6 — A d m inistrative— financial 
6 o * — Secretarial 
6 I U — O ffice A Clerical 
6 1 2 — M o d k o l 
6 1 4 — S kills-fro des 
6 1 6 — Food-Drink Services 
6 1 8 — Part Time 
6 2 o — Help W anted 
M iscellaneous 
6 2 2 — Domestic 
6 2 4 — Situations W anted 

Lost; M ale P ekin gne se in the viciqttv of 81oo Pinebrook ond 
C allaghan A n sw e rs to M uffin 
Childt Pet 344-193o_____________ 
LOST; I pair lad y's prescribed sun shades. Sm all brown frame 
R EW A R D . 734-o431 otter 5pm__ 

ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS 
Staled bids, in duplicate, addressed to The City of Live Oak, Texos, At­ tention - Mr Ronald Dunlap, City 
Manager, will be received at City Half, 
Boo1 Shin Oak Drive, Son Antonio, 
Texas 78733 until ll A.M March 14, 
1977, ond then publicly opened and read, for furnishing all labor, material ond equipment and performing all work required for the construction of 
DRAINAGE 
IM­ 
PROVEMENTS for the City of live Oak, 
Texos. 
Bids shall be submitted in sealed en­ velope upon the blank form of pro­ posal furnished. 
All proposals shall be accompanied by a cashier s check or certified check upon o Notional or State Bank in the amount of 5 percent (5%) of the total bid amount payable to the owner, or o bid bond in the same amount from a reliable surety com­ pany, os a guarantee that the bidder will enter into a contract and ex ecutve bonds within ten (IO) days after notice of owoid lids without check or bid bond will not be con­ sidered 
Prosoective bidden mav obtain drawings, specifications ond bidding documents at the office of Bernard 
Johnson Incorporated, 7118 Manmx 
Dnve, San Antonio, Texos 78717 on deposit of $75 GO per set 
This is a federally funded protect. 
Pions end specifications will be available for review of the Builders 
Exchange office 
The right is reserved, os the interest of the owner may require, to refect any ond oN bids, ond to waive any in­ formality in bids received 

COME MEET 
THE OWNERI 
BEFORE nm BUY. ..UwKhomomiers will shoe their hones Ie you.. personally 

T H O U S A N D O A K S Built for the teat* of tomorrow...contgmporoyy five bedroom, two itory timber ond moeonry tribute to custom cvchi- teclures Insuronce executive being transferred. Country club incl. 
[ F O X R U N N ative stone theme in 3 bedroom, 2 both design. Inside the theme continues with stone fireplace in fam ily room. Enjoy the trett% greenhouses 12x24 covered patio ond o host of other extras. 
I W H ISPERIN G O A K S Contemporary elegcmce in 2,6oo sq ft 2 story, t a professionally landscaped setting - Country Club membership and a relaxed natural environment. Four bedrooms b i^ fireplace in den.j 
T H U N D E R B IR D ESTATES From rerrozo entry to panel & beam motif fam ily room highlighted with o white brick fireplace... an outstand- 
3 bedroom that isFH A assam ab le . W ater softener is included. 
V IL L A G E N O R T H From Ecrth-toned shag to ornlmental garden, a 
! study in natural tranquility. 12x23 living room plus fireplace den 
Prlvocy fenced and attractively priced, bee bow neat a nome con 
LARKSPU R W oodbixrilng fireplaces in both living area and master bedroom set a romantic mood. B uilt-in a ll electric kitchen. Three bedroom&two bath. Early availab ility possible, (by appoint, only) 
FO R EST O A K S A tree shaded corner, a brick accented 3 bedroom, 
2 bath w ith cothedero I de n . Q u ie tly convenient to M edical Center. 
Attractively priced for early move in on low cash to qualified buyer. 
T W IN CREEK 16x2o master plus 3 more bedrooms, custom design­ ed fireplace fam ily room, 14x24 cohered patio for more outdoor en­ joyment. Full utility room, two car garage and just one year old. 
THE S U M M IT A four bedroom home with over 2 ,o o o sq ft of b uilt- in custom touches. Brick accented fam ily room with fireplaces rich wood accents at every turn. Excellent schoolsfor growing fam ily. 
N O R T H W O O D From custom fam ily room to 18x2o relaxed living patio ...afine three bedroom, two bath home in the North cast In­ dependent School Dist. Unusual fam ily room. Attractive down pmt. 
T W IN C R EEK Invitingly landscaped, striking three bedroom home owned by an interior decorator. A study in co (or, text ire and lots of pushbutton conveniences. Sea the den, enjoy the covered patio. 
FOR EXACT LOCATIONS,more homes to see, or to find out why mooer-wise t a a - A T T T folks prefer our method... Call o 

CU STO M H O M E BUIE 
__________ 698-2445___________ 

W IN D W O O D E S T A T E S . Choice location. t3. ac res.249-2819 

-22&22m M M M a a a u a a M e u a M ~ — 
2o4 PROPERTY OUT OF TOWN 

KERRVILLE COUNTRY 
HOME 
Within 2 miles of city Nmity Her mille Independent School District 
All electric, 2-story, 4 bedroom, 2 full baths, 2 half baths, large gomeroom could be used for Sib bedroom French Colonia! ardri lecture Hooted swimming pool with 8 ones and horse born 
Beoutiful Hew of volley and hills 
Many more amenities 
NAYLOR R IA in INC. 
P.O. Box 51 
Ingrain, T*xas*78o25 
FMoM: (512) 367-5318 
UdRe lagan (512) 367-233o 

M A G N IF IC E N T 2-2’ ,-2cp, in He- i ritage Farm s. Only $325 down. 
$272 mo. i 
J A J R E A L T Y 474-8883 Anytime i 
715 M O N TAN A 
Duplex -t- Home, Large Income 
533-1oo9 Respondek Rlty 454-5447 
SUPER. SUPER INCOME 
C O R N E R LOTS. good neighbor-, hoods, fenced, washer and dryer connections, separate meters, central heat and air, large be­ drooms with bullt-ins. 555,9oo. 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S , $48o mo 
4-plex, owner carry, $47,ooo 
D E N V E R HGTS Excellent rent property, turn. 49,75o 
C A N Y O N L A K E , IO unit motel plus lounge with 4' TV screen, 
Coffee shop, gom eroom , office space, good income, owner carry. 
$15,ooo down. 
M IN N O W S G A L O R E . M a rb le 
Falls, established 14 yr. old busi­ ness, owner retiring, exceilet in­ come, inventory and nice home. 
Van Buren 8 Assoc 
484 7171 
344-1o89 
534-5451 
T R A D E or S ^ L L APT M O T E L , 
22 units), Real money m aker. 
Bargain 547,5oo 734-4475._______ 
8 unit apartment house 222 Plck- ney, Owner willing to take In du­ plex on trade 
484-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

$ 2 8 ,o o o - $ 3 4 ,9 5 o 
AU HOMES fEAWBf: 
I iS loon lock Construction 
^ Handcrafted - Wood- burning fireplace y/' Energy u " Saving fork agt s-r Car­ pet !✓" Central Seat on 
) Deluxe Magic Chef oH Electric 
) 
Kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Garage 
5 FUVMSHfD MODELS 
O P E N 9 -9 
W O O O S T O N E 
\ 
C A U 
JOHN GILLIAM 
1 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

21o HOUSESNORTHEAST 

Lost small black and white Ter­ rie r type dog, U v a ld e tags, 
P L E A SE . 822-1912. 
LOST: small Peek a-Poo, blonde with block ears. I 'j yrs. Vicinity 
Park Village 3:oopm Feb 27. ON 
M E D IC A T IO N !? R E W A R D $1oo 
45?-1o45 
______________________ 
LOST 
Valencia Area Chinchilla 
Persian female cat 5 yrs old White with Green eves Reward 824-7482 
Days. 45S-8374 atter 4 __________ 
Please help us find our lost 7 month old fem ale D oberm an. 
Answ ers to Sadie. M ight have sore on nose. Black and rust. 
Family loves her. $3oo reword 
454-7241.________________________ 
REWARD 
Beloved pet, mole Brittany Span­ iel 
W hite ond b row n 
L o st 
Nacogdoches am* Loop 41o area 
N om e 
Y a m b o ". 
454-4415. 
828 8444 M r Spencer____________ 
SSO REWARD 

The South Texas Aiea Ex­ change, locklond Air force 
Base, Texas, often for sale two mobile food eaten rig vehicles 
Prospective bidders may obtain bid forms, a listing of equip merit, end inspect some by con­ tacting Mr Joseph N Godwin, 
Bldg SOM. Lackland AFB, Texos from 8-oo o rn to 94o a m., 7 
Mar 77 through 9 Mar 77 Sealed bids wdl be received rn triphcote at lack land AFB Bldg 71o1, locklond AFB. Texos. 71236. until ADO pm, 11 Mar 77. The 
Exchange reserves the naht to reject ony ond all bids forms: 
CASH 

(512) 367 5592 
JWWtflfe 
- 
(512) 257-3o9o 

STONEWALL, TEXAS 

Close to IJJ Pork on Hwy 29o Ap­ prox. 2.4 Acres 12 unit motel ond restaurant Cold storage vouH, hook ups for IS mobile homes. 
Mony other extras Open Terms, consider trade Illness forces sole 
$175,ooo Coll Frank Rotondi 341- 
9191, bites 344-1932 

NAYLOR REALTY INC. 

4-UNIT APT. Separate meters, good condition, lo o s occupied. 
Yearly income $552o. 455-7713 
T AN G LEW O O D R E A L T Y 
63 UNITS E X C E L L E N T IN C O M E 
O N LY *25,ooo EQ U IT Y 
LUCY STAGGS, 822-1383 
NORTHTOW N R E A L T Y 
Younq responsible investor wonts to buy 2-35 older units from retir­ ing owner Patrick 342-3473 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

FRANCES LEVENSON 
225-2398 
A N Y T IM E 
732 4951 
R EA L T O R 
341-1847 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 

WINDCREST 

DESIGNED for prestige living! 4 very large bedrooms Entertainment-sued living room with fireplace lots of eosy core Saltillo tile Immaculate home in well-established neighborhood. 
$74,5oo. Tim Ashby 655 o7o7, 824- 
2128. 

8326 GUN ECHO 

4 Bedroom homo in Camelot - 
534,9oo Immaculate condition 2 both, 2 garage, pnvocy fenced, covered patio Assume VA loon with payments of $763 per mon­ th. 653-435o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
KA lT O t— BALS 
Watxem Id. Oft. 

SELECT YOUR AREA AND PRICE RANGE 

Her* ora Several Northeast Properties of th* Many 
Available to Show you. 

B R O O K W O O D 
• 
Pr­ estigious 3 bedroom, 2 Ex)th home with formal living ond dining rooms, lovely den with Fireplace large cover­ ed patio. 

W O O D L A K E - 6 7 1 5 S h ­ a d y 
L a k e 
Dr. 
A n ex­ ceptionally beoutiful 
3 bedroom, 
2 both home 
; loaded with extras. 
Fully carpeted, covered patio, privacy fence and pro­ fessionally landscaped. 
Open terms. 

C A M E L O T ll - Buy this better than new 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home for less than 
V A appraised value. 2 liv­ ing areas plus breakfast area lots of carpet. Open terms. 

C A M E L O T ll • Fit for a king with a large family! 4 
■ bedrooms, 
2 baths. 
$ 3 3 ,6 7 5 , 

C A M E L O T ll - Charming 3 bedroom, 2 both home with family, kitchen and all ap ­ pliances. O pen Terms. 

THE G L E N - Delightful 3 bedroom, 
2Vz bath townhome.. Priced to sell- 
$ 2 6 ,o o o 

E A S T 
TERRELL 
H IL L S 
Comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace. 
Priced in the low 2 o s. 

K IR B Y 
- 
2 5 1 3 
S c o ts ­ m a n . The one you have been waiting for! 
3 bedrooms, 
I Vt bath, separate living and dining 
.rooms. $ 2 3,5oo. 

FOR DETAILS A N D V IE W IN G 
CALL 653-o57o AN YTIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

 s 
BLEDSOE SITES' 

A A A ) D E A L . 4-2-1, air, a p ­ pliances, nothing down, $25o clos­ ing. Oft Nacogdoches Rd. 
W A YN E S LA T E R 
494 742o 
R E A L T O R 
344 o934 
A BIG ROCK F IR E P L A C E ond a garden kitchen enhance this 4 bedrooom, 2 'i bath home! Living and family rooms, covered patio, walnut paneled garage! 
$51,995. 
R E A L T O R S 
453-7341 

C LO SE TO M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
.. Duplex with 3 bedrooms. 1’ > baths, living area with gas fire­ place...each side1 Excellent con­ dition Great area1 
$44,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
496-4811 

D E V I N E , T X . 254 Sollock Dr large corner lot, I blk golf course, totol electric 3 bedroom, J bath. sculptured shag carpeting, dish­ washer, large patio, fenced yard, water sottner, storage shed, no agents 
Appointment only 
I-643-5787. 
____________ 
I IN B O E R N E , older 2 bedroom j home, about I acre, lots of oaks 
I and trull trees. H as own well. 
$12,5oo Firm. 1-755-4434_________ 

AUTOMtOT'VI r n 
7o1 — Anftquet-Collecten 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — Sport*, Foreign 
7 3 o -7 4 3 — Clue— For Sole or Trode 
7 4 4 — Custom ised Cor*— 
Speed-Racing Equip. 
7 4 6 — Truck* A Com m ercial 
Trailer*— Bu*# * 
74 i — Motorcycle*— 
Scooter* 
7 5o— W anted-Auto*, 
Truck*, Troller*, 
Motorcycle* 
7 5 2 — General Aute 

For into leading to the return of 
Beautiful large black and It tan 
G e rm an 
S h e p h # rd -H u *k y . 
Approx. J yr* Back pow has one extra long toenail Lost Trinity 
University Area, Sun. Feb 2o 
Colt 736-4418 or 923 4541 ________ 

7 S 4 — Tires— Ports— 
Accessorial 
7 5 6 — Auto. 
Financing— Leon* 
7 S B — Aircraft 
Service*— Supplies 

RECREATIONAL 
J ^ 

BO I — Com par*— Trailers 
8 o 2 — M otor Mem o* 
8o 4 — Boots, M otor* 
8 o 6 — Sporting G oods 
BOB— Hunting A Fishing 

MOBILE H O M IS 
C M P 

B IO — M obile Hath# Sale 
B l I — M obile Hom e 
Repair*— Ineuronc* 
B l 2 — M obile H om o Park* 

M E R C H A N T S! 
^ 

9 o 1 — Butine** Equipment 
9o 3 — Building M aterial* 
9 o S — Portable Budding* 
9 o 7 — Furniture 
9 o 9 — Paw n Broker* 
9 1 o — Appliances 
9 1 2 — Flee M arkets 
9 1 4 — Antiqua* 
9 1 6 — Art*, Croft*, Im port* 
9 1 8 — Caine A Jewelry 
9 2 o — Com oro— Photo 

SSO R EW A R D for return of solid chromo case I V Handle on top folds down Control* in lower rt. hand corner 732-452o___________ 
R E W A R O l Lost dog, mod. red- brown, long-haired mole. Collar and tag* 
Sunset Ridge area 
824-8o43 
____________________ 
HEWARD Lost Dog 81oo tor information leading to return of black D o b e rm an P in sc h e r named "E le sso r ", I'z y r * old 
Very big Black with tan m ark rags and trimmed ear* Wearing leather collar and rabies lag 
M isting since Sun Feb,It In Ol­ mos Pork Ar aa. Call 824-41*1 or 
822-o842________________________ 
R EW A R D Lott Small Oog Mixed 
Chihuahua, Miniature Pinscher, 
Camelot ll area. An* to Pancho. 
Collar Rabble Shot 454-o234 
Reward, lost ly r mole Germ an 
Shephard, light face feet. dark 
JjM Xw ££22LL££eieiJi& $4£l«m e 

INVITATION TO BID 
Sealed bds will be received by the dilutor of Purchasing, 172o North floret St, until 7 GO P M . Moith 24, 
1977, ond ot that time publicly opened, to supply the San Antonio 
Transit System with lubricants for the period April I, 1977 thru Mach 
31, 1978 Id forms ond specified lions may be obtained in the office of the Director of Purchasing, 172o 
North Flores St f JU Jonts 
Director el Purchasing 
Son Antonio Transit System 

M I IHI 11— IWW 

• WHfSP&ftlMe OAKS ♦ COUW1*Ya*P€ 

* HUtfTSirS C86EK v 

 f W iiJ T fQ g H O M E S 
* Lw#M»e6« lu x v ^ e 
■ 
I 
» 
* tm M d «•* wen* 
£ r m 
VOO* 8 raPfW.F.TpP'4H|P *t i 
♦ nocweHow *>♦«« 
* 
• S*»r#»«BtL6694* *"»»apl flyfcdJrti 
***#6 ■ IMW nbwem.v *%* fhf fr* 
* ' 
(SUO* 'I rn. 

4 ? 2 - IO S 8 * 
• 4 * 2 - 2 2 * 2 

9 2 2 — Musical Instrument* 
9 2 4 — Nut serin*. G arden 
9 2 6 — M achinery— Taels 
9 2 8 — M erchandise I 
9 3o- 

* 3 2 — Auction Sale 
934 — Busine** Directory 

| 
~ 
^ 
- 
P»t$ 
' " j i g 

9 3 6 — 
G a g * - C a t * - B ir d * -Pet* 

9 3 8 — 
P o u lt r y - B a b b it * .Bee* 
\r r j 
U V 4SIO C K 

V4U— livestock-Fend- 
Seedt 
941— Produce 

*42- 

 t* erne c e n M Deem 
Welti st r u n see tre e ! Pee* M u 
1o 1 — Deem * 
1o2— Card af Thanks 
Mem anam 
1o3— Florist*— Flowers 
1o4— Funeral Duellers 
I O S— Cem etery— Buried u n 

 n o -sw im Nouns___ 
Almost Free Transportation 
To Cleveland, New York, Oenver, | 
D C . Philidelehio Coll 234 3221 
ART LESSONS 
Painting, drawing, any medium 
Still life, landscape, portrait. 
B e g in n e rs and a d v a n c e d tluci< <>is Details Herman de xo- ri, 834 3858 
I 
BARBERS 
B A R B E R B O A R D will meet Sun day Feb 27 at 2pm Lewis Barber 
College 62o8 S Flore* *34 388o 
FOR RENT 
Hourly or doily Auditorium and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, great tor music, club*. parties, w edding recep tion *, m eetings of all k in d * 
C a ll 
344-4S3* N ear N oith Star and c eniroi Pork M all 
_______ 
IM P O R T A N T N O T IC E I om in leretied in contacting Authorized 
Dealer* with side kick "H o m e 
Core Product* ' Call O B. Vomi, 
I Sr., 22$-— 27 
12 JET S E T T E R S M assage al 
P A R IS BU BB. 492 29*4_________ 
Jiffy Press fusion! Printing 
A full service print shop near you 
14o4 McCullough 4211 San Pedro 
17o1 SW Military Dr 
42U9 Fredericksburg Md 
224 6 Rhapsody at San Pedro 
L ET US Provide the Lobor you 
Need! We do alm ost anything 
! The 
Handy 
Pel-O. 
473-2S73. 
I 513 *9*8 
; 
OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
Price.Shoo. Com pare Still tea 
( lu rin g 1*77 M a ssa g e s at 1*73 
Prices! Come meet our beautiful 
New 
M e ch a n ic s". Som ething new coming soon!! 
THE BO DY SH O P P E 4*2 7oo1 
PHOTOGRAPHY 
Wedding debuts 
All occasions i 112 *543________ 
Ski New Menco Colorado i Charter your own Hight $17} per person round trip tparty of 6). 
F or details, COH (SU ) 844 3471 
S P R IN G A N D S U M M E R good limes ore here Tennis, fishing, boating, swim ming at your own pnvote park For $269 down and 
S li t5o monthly, you get oil this pius your ow n'zacre and target tract of land 35 min tram all malls 4*4 3448 or 4*4 J2/4 Ask tor 
Beriy Weekends 4*7 3753 Ask tor 
I ttBCBNML 
__________________ 

Sealed bid p ro p o sa ls w ill be received bv the San Antonio In- i dependent School District on the following 
Bid No. 77-54 
P O R T A B L E 
C L A S S R O O M 
B U IL D IN G S Bid Opening 
1:3o p rn,, March 21. 1*77 
Bid forms mav be picked up prior lo bid opening in the office of the 
Purchasing Agent, 121S Austin St.. | 
Son Anloiiio, Texos._____________ 
Sealed bid p io p o su ls w ill be; received by the Board of Trustees of the North Eost Independent > 
School District for the construe- \ 
Hon of ten (IO ) Auxiliary C lass­ room Buildings (Portable Build­ ings) Monday. 2 OOp rn , Mach 14, j 
1*77 
Bid specifications and drawings may be picked up oner payment of S2S OO deposit p rio r to bid opening at the office of the Direc­ tor of Purchasing. N E. I S. O , 
1o313 Broadway, San Antonio, 
Texos____________ _____________ 
Sealed bids will be received by th* 
City Clerk, City Hall, until 7.oo 
P M , March 22. 1*77, to furnish the City of San A n to n io with 
Electrical M aterial as per bid forms m the 
Purchasing 
Department: 
JOHN W BRO O KS. CPO 
Director of Purchasing and Central Supply 

Looking for a new hom e? 

T O D A Y ’S Y O U R LU C KY D A Y 

High Country Estates 
6 5 6-447 1 
$41,1 SO to $S3,4oO 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M e ad o w W oo d North 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 
W W D to $41,45o- 
Jones Maltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 
The G reat N orthw est 
684-1 I 23 

5oo to $55,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebro 

• VA , 
FHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double G arages • North East or Northside 
Schools 
CD 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

2o1 ■ REAL ESTATE NOUNS 
2o1 R U I IS IA H NOTICES 

IN 
P L E A S A N T O N . 
T E X A S 
Large 3 bedroom, den, carport 
Buy equity and assume *23-4327, 
424-1777 
R o n a ld W illia m s o n 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

W o o o S T o N I 

Country and carefree living can be yours toduy $ee Hies* ex citing nee town homes with gorgeous hill county view 
North** it wee neor UT SA ond 
USM $38,7oo to $48,4oo Only 
S S down with one year buy bock pion far details, toll 69o 
119? 
Naylor Realty Inc. 

B A B C O C K N O R T H . 1584 sa It living area, J bedroom, 2‘ » bath, convenient to Medical Center and 
Lockland Kelly Nu qualifying 
Assume and move in Hurry 
H U G H ES & B R ISC O E 
* 24 4331_______R E A L T O R S 
C O LO N IE S V IL L A G E Condomin turn, I bedrooms, I full bams ap atlantes, shag carpet Equity and assume $1*7 mo or refinance 
V74-4525 
H A SK IN S R F A LTY 
C O N D O M IN IU M FOR SA LE 
Owner is desperate, wonts $2,SM equity for 3 bedroom. 2 both con­ dom inium in Turtle Creek. A s ­ sume balance of $33 OOO ($1o,o69 equity sacrificed tor $2,5oo) 
341-8134 
A BDO 
342 o*33 
C U TE A CO ZY townhome with central H A $1oo down, t is * monthly 
*22 17o4, 
673 4714, 
474-7SO* 
PAT M C V E Y R E A L EST A T E 
G RACIO U S L IV IN G is easy rn o prestigious Condominium, close 
I to Alam o Heights! 3 bedrooms, 
' fireplace, patio and double garage! 
$41,25o 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

A LAM O H EIG H T S SCHOOLS 
TERRILL HEIGHTS 
Newly painted 3 bedroom. I both cottage, hardwood floors, covered patio, p riced for Q uick sale I 
R E A L T O R S 824-o284 
STEVE T. FINCH 
_ 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
F IR ST O F F E R IN G 
This is one of the “hard to find" i kind! 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, family room plus on enclosed lolousled porch, living room with fireplace, I separate dining, kitchen with bay window, central heat ond air, Mid 
SOV 
824-o4o6 
R E A L T O R S 
872 *327 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

ALAMO HGTS" 
Cute and cozy-2-1, ideal for cou pie Swap dreams for actual ow­ nership buy your home now. 
"JUST LISTED” 
I Spacious 3 bedroom near Com. bridge School Assum e loan 
'TERRELL HILLS" 
P rice red uced on this 3-2 2 i spacious fam ily home. M ove I more time to your own home 
Your investigation is welcome 
Call 822-33o1 
KARTMAN REALTORS 
A P P L Y YOUR TAX R E F U N D lo i purchase the equity on this 3-2-2 in 
Valley Forge Assum e 
VA loan and toke over payments of 
$2*4 Large D o c k y a r d Hurry 
626 81VS. R E A L T O R S 
REO CARPET 

BU!! STOP 
EA ST 
T E R R E L L 
H IL L S I 
LO CATIO N 
Newly painted 3 bedroom, J bath ; home Hardwood floors, new root. 
Qualified buyer m ov hove im I 
, mediate occupancy on open terms j and priced to sell at $24,5oo. Act 
; now! 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Blonco Rd Ole 

BUYERS BEWARE! lf you want a home tor $22,4oo, you will love this dollhouse. 3 be­ drooms, centeral heat ond air, privacy fenced yard, and on cul- de-soc. 342-4177, nile*, 654-4157. 
I 
B IL L SO U T H ER N R E A L T O R 
B Y- gW N Fft A 6 EHT. Redecorot ed 2-1-den, 335 Teakwood, new roof, Centro! air 529,9oo 822-3o41 
B y ow ner, 4-J-i, a p p ro x 18oo sq.ft., fireplace, coy patio, many extras 
VA 
7% loon, 
$47,5oo. 
653 S7S8 
BY O W N ER C A M E L O T ll. i 2 J, large living area, fireplace, din­ ing large kitchen, breakfast area, carpeted, fenced. 157oo equity and 
5277 mo Atter 5 pm. >53 5o51 
By owner, i-2*2, cent heat air, fireplace, large m aster bdrm , family room, sliding glass doors. coy patio, storage shed, green­ house, beautifully landscaped, must sell due to illness. See to appreciate 
6S6-8977 att 6, no agents__________________________ 
Bv owner, 4-i-l, cul de sac, cen- tral air. carpet, terms. 341-9181 or 
I 824-1o14 
B Y OW NER, Greenfield Village, 4 j or 5, 2 2 27oo sa ti Vt acre lot, luxury features Pre-llstinp bar­ gain. Below market. 658-3941. 

»4 bedroom, 2 bath home.] 
Nice lot and more storage| 
I area than you con use. 
Only $ 2 2,ooo. N iles 6 5 6 - 
7 5 8o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF 
HOMES 
.6S6-552o 691-1121 341-9191. 

F A S C IN A T IN G t* »••<* rkh su e m / m r how 
(•eta* a6v« (m4e im w nlw l 
Tm et n M la 
81o7 COUNTIYSIDE 
Off Wecogdodxs to 
Country lone 
3-4 vt 5 ktXfMWa, 4Vi M n . Im m KMX*, w i t e n . $7754oo 
OWN 1-6 DAUT 
“A BKI ALTERMAN CIASSK" 
H y w ara M W» Martial la kaM wa waaW ka tolfMto ta Am m i rim 

" * RANCES LEVINSON 
725-2191 
AXTOW 732-4*51 

MONTE VISTA 
OWNER ANXIOUS 
2 story stucco 4 _ bedrooms- beamed ceiling in Hying room. 
QUIET SJREET 
Inck home country kitchen-2 fireplace 3 2. 
TERRELL HILLS 
Pretty setting lovely treed lot-3- 
2-pool 
OLMOS PARK formal home large living, din­ ing and den. pretty interior ap­ pointments 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
REALTOR 826-8673 ANYTIME 

 r o u I R ? 

CEDAR, BRICK. GUSS 
Beautiful custom home in Thou- 
Isand Oaks. 4 bedroom s, living i areas large and spacious Large parlor area, pass-thru fireplace, huge custom kitchen with 1 > bath, extra unfurnished bonus room, over 26oo sq ft. Call tor details. 
LANDMARK. REALTORS 
__________ 69o95o2_____________ 

CHILDREN GROW 
Houses don't. So heres o pioce for j a growing family. 3 bedrooms. 2 bath*, plenty of storage Buy VA 
[or FHA. Call now 
824-2391 (Anytime) 
Deanie Owens Co 
RE ACTORS-Austin Hwy Otc 

32o CLOSING COST 
Move in 3 Bedrooms. I 1,baths, 
SIS/ plus taxes and insurance 
' 624 4571, 674-o744 
T S L O N if e V K O R f H S U M M IT 
2 story colonial(74oo sq.ft.), den, 
I large gomeroom, $51,ooo. 1o5o7 
Pinedale 494-7163 
C O R N E R H d M E with ) be 
> drooms, 2 baths ..carpeted living, dining rooms! Single garage plus double carport! Beautiful! 
$26,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

RIDGE 
RRST OFFERING 
Preferred schools -f community pool 4- Medical Center area * a cinch to please foe this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o s. 
Kingsize - feet price: Must see 
198? sq. ft. to appreciate op- in Glen Oaks of $39,ooo 
699-1ooo 
JEANIE Ow 
CO. - REACTOR 
I 
Turtle Crook Oft. 
J 
. 
. 
-q- 

G A R O E N K IT C H E N in this large 
4-2-2 in Live Oak. Covered patio off kitchen and patio off bedroom 
18x1$ family room with beautiful fireplace. Priced lower thon com­ parable in area. Ready to move in Call 876-8195 Now. R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

BV OWNER im m aculate 3-2-2, fireplace in large living area, privacy fence, best quality electric kitchen As 
C sume low equity and only 7 
1 o, interest. N E ID Coll tor opp!. No lh 
■ Agents 653-3555. 
B Y-O W N ER , J T i 
In Converse. 
M u st sell this m onth 
A sk in g 
$4,3oo equity, assum e 81 iS F M A j Loan, $272 per month M ake an 
I ofter 659-1oo1. 
B Y O W NER, in Kirby T T T car peted, all drapes, new gas range. la rge covered patio, large bear i mg pecan trees, 441-2535 aft 5pm i wkdys, all day wends___________ 
! By owner, I-i-2, in Olympia, tor- j moi living room , dining room 
{combination, den and breakfast nook, equity ond assume 7*. VA loan Monthly payments $262 or 
I $35 OOO new loon 458-1824 
B r owner, in Valencia. 4 2 2, cen! 
I cir hen!, beautifully landscaped 
COV polio carpet, $51,9oo 13o15 El 
I Sendero 656 2998 iFv owner, kirby, corner 
I cellent. $74,5oo 441-5o42_________ 
By owner. Laurel Heights" older home 3 12, and Garage opt fire 
Place Cyclone fence, Excellent 
Condition, Nice ond dean Price 
I $25 OOO coll M Joe 735 19o3 347 E 
____________________________I Croig 
A P P R O X J« of on acre, tilled with Ay ownei. Livr Oak, 4 2 2. living, oaks and on oil brick home with 4 dining ond lomilv rooms Covered bedrooms. 2' > baths Living room patio, p riva c y fence. A ssu m e plus family room with fireplace, $227 mo or refinance 
$38,5oo builtin bookcases and gun >53-5677 

TST 

C O R O N A D O 
V I L L A N E 
Bv owner, 4-2-2, 22oo sa. ft 2 story ome, fireplace, eat in kitchen, many extras. $55,3oo 658-6454 
CUSTOM D E S IG N E D 4-2 2. farm ly room, fireplace, N E Schools 
$43,3oo Toke a look today 
IN T E R ST A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

CUSTOM FEATURES 
In Bristol Place. J bdrm, I' > both by owner, new, fireplace, parquet floors, cedar sundeck, carpets 
; Call 222-OG7S, 824-76o3 for cipo t. 
D E S P E R A T E O W N ER------- 
M U S T S E L L ! S p a c io u s 3 be­ droom home in U niversal City area Beoutiful circular brick fireplace in den, window seals 
Immediate occupancy 
Nites 
654 2939. 
Century 21 
HAP R E S E R 6434182 Anytime 

 lObmet1 
$71,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
453 7341 

C A SH for H O M E S 
We Buy H O M ES and E Q U IT IE S 
Honest, Efficient, and Fast Ser­ vice We pay all Closing Costs. 
Call Tony or Bet nice', 341-4134. 
SPEC IA . R E A L T O R S 
S CASHS 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

NOTICE OF HEARING 

I The City loumil el the (fly el Son 
I Antonio will londuct a hearing at th* 
I Mu nu (pol Auditorium en Ihurtdoy 
I March IO. 1977, at / OO FM lei th* purpose of hearing (bv;ut:ten el the 
Fioposed blowth Sketth for the C'fy 

I The Panning (ammuvon and City j Staff will make o pi ase motion of the 
I blowth Sketch limited ta an* half ham Aigumants in tov*» of th* blowth Sketch and in opposition to 
I tho blowth Sketch wdl be limned to ana hoot far aach side 
AU citizens we invited to ta present 
G.6. Jackson Jr., 
City Clark 

2o1 RIAL ISIAH fiaiiCIS 
A T T E N T IO N I* G O V 'T O W N E D 
H O M ES ore all oyer town, down p aym ents. $2o and un 
C all 
G R E A T E R 
V A L U E 
R E A L T Y , 
4 5 1 * 1 4 3 t______ 
Attention1 Before you buy or sell ring Bell We buy equities Cash 
B E L L R E A L T O R S I U 9495 
A V A IL A B L E $25o,ooo Quick cash tor huuse* or equities We pay dow n# loot Fast Service* Any area condition or tile Ask tor 
Adolph 
A L LST A T E R E A L T O R S 
43 ) 129$ or o2o 481? dites 
BEFORE YOU SELL 
Lei us m ake a C A SH otter tor your heme or equity Call now1 
The 
Heme 
Mort 
*55 13o1 
Buy Real Estate, foreclosures cheap Subscribe F oreclosure* 
Report 233499o 

IS 235 ieee 
I X em 55 ANO NI W 5 

FOR YO U R H O M E OR EO U IT Y 
WE P A Y A L L C LO SIN G COSTS 
924-4331 
H U G H ES * B R ISC O E 
Co6h tor your Northside equity 
Lorry Bornebey341 4455- 6o4 79o9 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 
696 771o 

Ft Clark Springs land m em ber­ ship Bracketed!#, Tx 543oo 
Contact George Alexander, Jr, 
An Oorku. Okie 4o5 247-5/34 
G O V E R N M E NT Owned Hom es 
For Sale 2. J and 4 bedroom No down payment Anyone can buy 
Vet or Non Veteran W hy rent when you can b uy? R E O C A R ­ 
P ET 4SJ OMO. ______________ 

HAVE YOU HEARD?? 

M ane Fortuna. Ray Keuthan, 
Betty Kirkpatrick ond Jeanne 
Nowotny are now doing busi­ ness as 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o Colony 
694-1413 

Need To Sell Your Home Now? 
For FAST S E R V IC E — Call 
: 344-5544 Hart McCorm ick Realtor 
New office* in the Heart of Alamo 
Hot* " 2o ye ars in sam e area 
Good listings and com m ission split Drop bv 5431 Broadway and let s talk! 
Dine Rose Realtor 
:____________ 834-7214 
P R O P E R T Y O W N ER S 
We only charge $3oo commission 
- for tailing hornet regardless ot 
Pf KO C H A R L E S W ATTS R E A L I total deal This I* erie of the best rn 

IE YOU LOVE PRIVACY... 
You'll adore this two story 7 be­ droom, 211 boths. with too many exciting extras to list. In tho 3o t. 

828-6391 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
Repliers NE Loop etc 
M A R Y MONT A R E A Glamorous 
Townhouse 3 7’ j, m aster suite down 3 car gorage. 826 7439, 
Jonet King Realtors____________ 
PRIVACY LOCATION 
Have you been looking tor the 

Guy Chipman Co 

A O U IC K M O V E 
Caused this 4 bedroom home to become available atter only 3 mos occupancy W ords cannot de­ scribe the excellent quality and workm anship Bright open one living area with separate din room o lu i b re a k fa st area. 
Screened in porch 2 lux baths, water softener! G E appliances 
Ask us about the energy-saving 
Package of this home 624-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
A R F A E l D O R A D O H IL LS 
Unique 4 2-1 Central air. stove. 
525o total move in First payment trees 535.u<X> 458 o148 in May $24,4/5 
6/4 4126_______ R A E Real Estate ! 
A R E A L S T E A L - L a rg e 3 3 2, 
37x13 den, formal dining, cai pet, more S4.537 equity. 57*8 mo Call 
IN T ER ST A T E 828 o755 til 6 pm 
A R CA W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L 
Beautiful 4 bedroom. Only 53oo down H U R R Y ! 922 17o4, 471 4714, i 
674 75o* 
PAT M C VEY R E A L EST A T E 

(iv awner, Live 6 o k, i i i, carpet, fenced, low equity, low payment* 
455 **1* 
B-Y~o W N E R - L i;r & o k viilo'q*- 
3-3-2. covered pulio. p riv a c y fence, cent heat air, 453-5987 
By owner, Live Oak, 3-2-2, extra large rooms, stone fireplace in living room, cathedral ceilings, drapes, caipet. workshop, beau titoi view of R A F A 7 mi away, very good condition. 548oo equity, 
533o mo 454 471o 
______________ 
By owner Live 6 o k Estates 745o 
Hidden Oak Trail Im m ediate possession Benet thon new. 3-3-2, living den, new quality carpet throughout, central air ond heat, all appliances, patio, p riva cy 
[fence. 5537o no q u a lify in g as sumption, balance 52*, 13o $2*7 mo 654-8123 
5 V ?)w r*r7 T T 
A F B 
M T ’neor’ Honduran 
Fully carpeted, cir, fence, 

Bv Owner NE J J I nngroom den with fireplace Lorge game room with pool tcbie New carpeting 
Walk lo school Convenient to Ft 
Sam and Randolph A vailab le 
June I 53*.4oo equity and assume 
6SS-8857 
A V A W N E R nice u l n t m c n l home, loot! lot, fenced, large trees double oarage 
$22 5oo 
742? 

IM M E D IA T E CASH 
For Your Home We oov all d o t­ ing costs! We also to u t trades 
Cult 
4*4 5571 
4)5 8474 
$37 3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
555555555555515 
•I NEED IO HOUSES# 
San Antonio Real Estate pays cosh tor yours in 77 hours I pay all closing cost 34* *531 
_______ 5555555555555**555 
LESS THAN $2o is all the cash you need Anyone can buy 1-4 bedrooms 2 baths soma with air ond all cippltunccs 
Hurry on iv a tow left 
BOB O ePAOLO 
344 36*1______________ R E A L T O R 
(A U 725 1666 

E S T A T E 
712 2*18. TI3-S3SS. 
713 4534 O P E N 24 Hours a Day, I 
Days a Woofc___________________ 
R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 
Have our professional stuff hon- I die you rentol property C oll for details today. 
534-8826 
Niles 4*4-14o4 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
WEIL BUY YOUR HOME 
For cosh Fast Service Will trade 
BOB OePAOLO 
144 JO*I 
R E A L T O R 
WHY P A Y R E N T "' Own your own heme, no down payment to on- 
: vane1 Payments less than rem 
Lloyd Montgomery 
658 ISO* 
W IN D C R E ST Home Owners who 
I need to sell your homo, call our oflic* tor appointment to see your property and discus* your leal estate needs Our Sales Associate, resident of th* area available lo give prompt, experienced sot vice to buyers 624-4567. 
REQUA REALTY CO 
12X1 H O M E O F D IS T IN C T IO N 
S P A C IO U S A N D L I V A B L E ! 4 bedroom *, i i abattu, double o a ra ge 
Sep arate liv in g and d.ning. cauli voile kitchen, large paneled den with fireplace Off 
Tioga in 
C O LO N IE S 
NOR T 
M J S S , 

 town Two bedrooms. 7 baths with fireplace, ready to movo in with drapes and refrigerator En.ev the fun of the swimming pool this summer Close to Loop 418 in the 
Morym onl Area Only $44,5oo tor 
Tops in enviernment ond privacy 
14* 4)43 or )4f 3515 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
^ ■ O R ^ j C M H O j ^ l 
RARE CEM" 

R E A L T O R S Blanco Rd Oft 

3 bedroom townhouse, all on I level for $34,4oo This double liv­ ing area townhouse ii spotless I minutes tram M edical Center 
Wrought non fenced patio. This won t lasii n w area. 
LANDMARK, REALTORS 
4oo-9SOT 

S E N E C A E ST A T E S 

3 bedroom, 2‘ > bath, luxury 2 
Story Townhouse, 2 car fin­ ishe d g a ra g e 
54o,5oo 
684 6711, 484 OJI I. 344 4397 

2o? 
H O T O P P 
1 A LL B R IC K J bedroom 11, bom 
HOME BU ILT ON VOUR LOT 
SI* 95o IOU Gat ding oft W A v* 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Inc 34* U » i 
LIKE 5 BEDROOMS? 
5 M IN from M E D C E N T E R NW 
Door Run 527oo equity assumes 
514,ooo at 7** 1144 per mo > Also 
2 story, terrific view of SJI.7o4. 
Wonderland Real (stale 
I 341 9336 
733 o4)o 
343 5917 
IXFOS55 ANO NZW* 

STRIKING STUCCO 
7 slot v with impressive Areolated living room Bright, sunny kit then 2o H master with dressing m ea Low 4o s 
SAND ISO N R E A L T Y 
499 92o1 
W O O D BRIDG E TO W NH O M ES in I van 
Location 
Super 
Amenities 

288 MBTMtNlS QUIHUIS 

AAA INVESTMENT^ 
I* unit money maker, seq meters, off 15oo blk Broadway 826 2o5o 
H ISTO R IC A L A RE A 
Super duplex with guest house Hi ceilings, hardwood floors, fire ­ places. ce ntral e v e ry th in g , equipped kitchens, central ever­ ything Please can us tor details 
824 123) 
M A ZIE S A I j H ILL, R E A C T O R S 

A TREE HOUSE? 
Not really, but a charm ing two story hom e on a b e au tifu lly wooded (almost an acre) let in 
Ook Haven Private cedar bal cony across front Remarkable ye! in the 5o s Call tor private showing 

828-6391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors NE Loop etc 

Anrwtive Brick Home 
Immeamte occupancy Valencia 
3 2 2, terms open 7’j S V A 
653 4414 
Ruth Stacey 
834 2385 
S M 8 Assoc, R e a m 
F a r g a i n H U N T IN G ? $375 IS oil it tokes to get into this 3 bedroom home with air, appliances and carpel Don t pass It Up! 4*4-o974 
FO R TU N A 
ASSO CIATES. 
I 
696 1412 
| 

Baraatn Hunters Special 
No down payment to anyone 3 4 bedrooms, 7 baths, some with air ond all appliances First payment jii May 
BOB OePAOLO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 
B A R G A IN 
Large 3-2-2, Equity, assume $2$8 
o mo 
*53-4538 
333-3123 

BEAUTIFULLY CLEAN 
2 story, lust North of Ft Sam 3)oo sa ti flying area with fireplace, central air and heat 3 bedrooms, 
1 , baths tor moi dining ond de tached garage with efficiency apartment 515,o9o, by appoint men! only 
San Antonio Real (slate 
3231 West Ave 
349 6531 
"i fcfcftfrgffW r X T 514 Lei ----- 
Con assume low VA loan 
71* 17*4 
828 o445 
432 o4o* 
W ATSON & SON R E A L T O R S 
B iTTffBW t 'Im b H ' F r ic e T i e drooms. 7 battu carpel, builtins 
54,85o equity, 52o9 mo Call now 
IN T E R S ! A U 878 o755 Iii 8 pm 

 is 12* ieee 
1Xo8155 ANO N IW5 

B v owner, nu o a e n f ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ l 
Camelot, walk to 3 schools and] 
Windsor Park Malt, corner lot. J covered patios above ground pool large fenced garden woter softener many other extras Must set- to apar e co le 1 Shown by opp t 
, only Coll 655 37o5 
I 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E Referrals to other Homes 
■ For Sale By Owner 
347 *39) 
Son Antonio Humeowners Assoc t v O w ner- i story I - i ’ i-i, in 
I Camelot ll. Living room with fire­ place, den with wet bar Ail elec­ tric kitchen with breakfast area 
; C athedral ce ilings L a rg e up 
I stairs m aster suite C orner lot with privacy fence Assumption with equity o i cimolite *54 o22o 

BY OWNER 
3 2 2 Unique contem porary de sign with large single living area 
All brick fireplace 
All extras 
#53 *44* 
By owner. Valencia 4 3 3. 15oo sa ft carpeted, toepiece, cattie drat ce ilin gs re trig $39,3oo 
54,OM Equity. Available June Isl 
I iii Ha. 
BY OWNER WINDCREST 
Being transferred must sell, last chance to save realtor * commis stun 4 bedroom , large fam ily room with cathedral ceiling, fir# place, re a r p o lio vie w s H ill country 59o7 W in d in g Ridge, 
581,9oo 
No agents, 
By appt, 
4$3 7271. 

UC NT READ THIS AD unless yo u're looking for 4 be­ drooms, under $34,ooo ond l.-ss than I year old home in o bn,cm mg oreo lf * an here! Large liv­ ing area with fireplace, double oui age Don't hesitate! 
Pedro 
LANDMARK. REAL FORS 
69o-95o2 
E V F RYT HING N IC E 
I 2-2, paneled den, bay window brookiest to lovely yard. fruit trees, privacy fence Workshop 
MAC RL AL LSTATf- 128 2571 

EXTRA NICE! 
3 bedrooms, 7 boths. 2 car garage, electric garage door opener, a rt-ol family home with two fire­ place* Reduced lo sell 541,5oo 
Open terms, nites 454-6176 
65* 3441 
DON JOHNSON, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

FIRST OFFERING 
B e a u tifu lly m a in ta in e d T M I heme Over 41oo sa It of luxury 
I flying rn flus 5 bedroom, 4 both with tor moi living, dining, huge den study and quarters Locuied on a p u v a te oak studded lot 
828 4191. 424-2*24 
CLINT LEAKE 
T ltf'i f 't i M l 'S R ia f B K E T 
• OFF NACOGDOCHES RO • ond lust north of Loop 41o Com 
Blately redecorated interior and ex te rio r 1-2 2 den 
E le c tric jthroout 
Let H O X 2oo 
N E 
Schools 
So convenient 
$51,5oo 
826-2)47 

Thelma 6. Preissman 
F O lT T T ? T Title set vice with no unnecessary delay let A L A M O 
T ITLE 
CO handle the 
Deal 
327-8231. 
#OR SALE, ieuufl^ul Home-,,!. 
Shavano Pork, large oak trees, 
15ox24, 121.4oo Call 4o2 2211 
UlTTVT&yyWlft J be jdroom 7 bath, double garage, fireplace, 4 yrs old 4151 Boyflss, 
*55 7* 1* N E Schools 
T 6 x R U N N flR tM f AST 
I and 4 tied' aero homes 
545.ooo to 551.*oo 
VA FH A No city foxes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M ES 
344 1674 
654-o44o 

GOOD BUY 
In Windcrest. 2 bedroom, 2 bath, sunroom ond hobby room $47,ooo 
24 hr 
Service 
655-5131 
R E A L T O R S 
V IR G IN IA C E R V E N K A 
KEY GROUP 
[ G R E E N F I E L D vTC“ 
I L A G E ..."T H E " prestiae area of 
[Schertz, has a beautiful. 4 be­ droom, 7 bath home with a tile entry, livin g , d in ing, fa m ily rooms F IR E P L A C E ! 
$44,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658-7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co 
H AV E IT Y 6 UR W AY VA THA 
Cony., or owner will finance ot O'* with SH down This better thon new 3-2-2 near Randolph is priced below VA appraisal Call now tor apot to see 
828-8195, R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 
HEIPI 
We need new lu tin g s tor our 
(brand new clients Sales have never been so good 
POSE & POGUE, INC. 
677-1154 
Since 1945 
824-o696 
H IST O R IC A L A R E A 
Remodelmu began, priced so that j you may finish to suite your taste 
Old brick, old door*, hi ceilings, 
(hardwood floors, fireplace with old mantle, etc Please cai! us for details 824-3333 
Mai# Sale Hill, Realtors 
U A h F YM ifliO H'SPt-tiii. 
Nice 3 bedroom home, complete with refrigerator, ronge end cir conditioning Located off Perrin 
Bedel Rd and Thousand oaks Dr. j First time offered Only $23,5oo 
O LD F A R M ll 
Spotlessly cleon 4 7 2 home with 
(la rge den. stone fire p lace , 
[privacy fenced yard and many 
North San custom features Only $4o,9oo as­ sume Conventional 
FO X RUN 
Like new 4 2-2 home with loran fam ily room. fireplace, form al flying and dining loom, all brick with many custom features , only 
$52,9oo. reasonable equity 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O LID A Y 
3417115 
R E A L T O R S 

~ HOT AND SPICEY 
Season up your life in this unique 
(I bedroom. 7 both one living arco contemporary with cedor roof bio fireplace, lots of built ins and en ergy saver construction You ll be glad you did1 Ifs new cmd only 
551 9oo 
Call 349-14)4 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L TORS 
Camelot, 

G A R D E N K IT C H E N carpel, corner lot. ten 
RO SSI R E A L T Y 

3 bedroom, zed si* foe 
494 77|l 

I 7' z-i, in Camelot. w H i« r, lire place, corner lot 2-story $45,56o. 
Jim Ashley R e d Estate #84 4276 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built tor casual Avine and family tun, 4 bedrooms and 3 baths, fire­ place, 7 central heal air units, la rg e pool, p riv a c y fence 
824 4521. nites 342 464* 
Turnerlealti 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built for casual living and family tun. 4 bedrooms and 3 baths, fire­ place. 2 central heat-air units, la rge poet, p riv a c y fence 
874 4531, nitet 342 4849 
Turner Realty 

I WANTS" 
; You pot em ? This home will cure them1 4 bedrooms, 2 baths in im ­ maculate condition Large tire placed Avine area, formal dining room, cover ed patio I ake ii took t 
SS/,$oo 342 4177. nile* 344 5171 
B IL L 5 Q U T H LR N R E A L T O R 

LEASE PURCHASE 
I bedroom home in East Terrell 
Hills Central heot-air, $24,too will lease with option to buy 
C O M P A SS R E A L T Y 
4*4 1*o1 4*4 IO U 

CAMDEN BARGAINS 
AT *14 older * bedroom, living room with fireplace, separate dining room, in need of restore lien IO ti ce iling*, hardw ood fleers $27,SOO 
AT 621 
IOO year old I bedroom, separate dining room plus extra lot $38,ooo 
H S R E A L T Y 
124 7417 
344 **3) 
C A M E L O T Ii” r y r C e 'n T 'T ie J r air, fenced carpeted, ce d ar covered patio, finished garage with work area 7H payment *23o 
783) Memory Forest *5* 345* 

EAST SID E LO CATIO N 
Ne down paym ent, com pletely rem od eled 2 b ed roo m hom e 
Looks Great. 
341 >134 
A BDO 
494 322* 

IN IHI I X p r l f * H I W * 
( A il 3)5 ieee 

 r t i s i n g 

Open Monday thru friday 8 A M. lo 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
M onday lEitu Thufsday 
5 OO P M Tor follow ing D ay 
Friday I 3 o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P M for Sunday 
Friday 5 3 o P M For M on d a y 
CLOSED SATURDAY A N D SU N D A Y 

Concetto* and Correction* la d e 

7T? - EMS-SORTMfT 
'Jm HTOES JIORTIfWEST 
BOWES liORTHmyT 
Express-News— Monday, March 7, 1977 
212 • ffBWESIillffnWIST 
Second Page 

SiriwSB-WORTHtAST 
21BHflyseUWHTHEA8T 
A HONEY FOR THE 
MONEY 
Woald you W ie e e tact you con own a 2 s ta y , 3 bedroom, Vti both home wrtn ail opfdtoncn, carpeting, boicony ond c o w e d polio for only 
$239 month ond equity of only 
$475o? Coli to w# TCOArl 

SOB W c G ! N N ! S | f y ^ 
• REALTORS 
, 3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 
W 

WING REDUCTION 
You will wive $6,9oo on tim 3 bedroom home with a targe office for thew who like to work at home Reduced to only $53,ooo so that your termly con enjoy this, 
1ooH rock on over Vt ore. 

Jo9OSON 
3 bedrooms, arch tiled both, and 2 cor goroge on large comer lot. Is this what you've been looking for? 
We just put the sign up, and it won t lost long at $25,ooo 
Use your YA and put nothing down on these beautiful homes 
(oH our professwwl now at 

W h B F < l 2 
736-6426 
U&jm 
MANK 
Kwm OWENS CO. 
W n 
F l K A H O E-AAU 
4 M N m 
I leffwrswOk. 

OAK HULS TERRACE 

Seoutrful 3 bedroom, 2 both home with 2-car garage, large family room with fireplace, sunken living room with brick ac­ cent wall ond cowed patio for outdoor hying One block from elementary schools 

GEKOWMO FOREST 

 large 3 bedroom, 2 bath, all brick home on o comer lot ow on acre in size with mony beautiful trees, lovely cothedro! berimed family room with fireplace Over-siz# double garage. Mony extras. 

BLOSSOM PARK 

 lovely 3 bedroom, I Vt beths, fully carpeted townhomo with fireplace, hourly IWO sq ft. of living arec. Welkin distance to tennis court ond pool. 

 fOt OfT AIU AND VtfWSIG 
CAU 342-4115 AMTTMtl 
WORLDWIDE 
REALTY 

SPECIAL B U Y 
ONLY I U T T ! 
O N LY 'JE 
U H 
Must sot this beautiful landscaped, 
I living area, 4 bedrooms, 2 Doth home to believe. Located im areshgmus OM (SKX on extra 
, large wooded lot. This home features, wad to wet carpeting, 
Mogk Chef ad electric krtchanj energy saving package, etactrxj garage doer, handcrafted wood'. 
Burning fireplace plus mony other 
•extras. 

1615 COPPERRED RD. I 
ONEY $46,5oo 
Caff ma today 
Jim Pastel! 
I 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 

S T A T E L Y COLONIAL. New and ready for occupancy. O rginial 
(lesion 2 story, JVj baths. SPACE ond L U X U R Y combined. Superb area ond location Under MIMKX). 
<26-6343, eves *53-959* 

IN THE BEAUTIFUL 
G U N 
Big garden kitchen, one hying area, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, custom drapes, electric-eye garage doer opener, (od us for more" details. 
Niles 656-6332. 
N A Y LO R REALTY 
G ALLER Y O F HOM ES 
691-1121 
341-9191 
656-552o 

Perfect Condition! 2 1 + den. Cen­ tro! heat-air. Only *25,9o8. DON T 
MISS THIS. Y O U 'L L L O V E IT! 
344-3471, 341-o372 
BOB B R E N N E R R EA LTO R S 

O F F O CONNOR RO. 3-2 i. car gets, air, fireplace, appliances. 
Nothing down. May Isl payment. 
W AYN E SLATER 
696-742o 
R E A LTO R 
34+o936 o'l r s i f t b i b h d am b rick 
3-2-den with a fireplace. Call Any­ time C H A R L E S W ATTS R E A L 
E S T A TE 732-2916, 732-5355. 
O F F SAN P E D R O 
A ll b rick 
3-2-den, with fireplace, range, dish w ash er. M ust see to a p ­ preciate. Assume or convention­ al. Coll US. C H A R L E S W A TTS 
R E A L E S T A TE 732-2918, 732-5355. 
O FF $AN PfeORO 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, fireplace, plush carpet, cathedral ceiling, m icro-w ave oven, e lectric k it­ chen, big lot. 349-65o3, 626-69o3. 

NEW ON MARKET 
3 Bedrooms, now on market. IR schools, bnmocdate triced to w l $23,5oo. Nitos 826 7768. 
STREET Of DREAMS lovely 3-2-1 on quiet street in, 
Sungate. Beautiful new wail paper and carpet fully equipped kitchen, fenced yard. Many owner added extras. Ask us about this one! $27,2oo. Mites, 
494-2191. 
YOUNGER THAN 
SPRINGTIME 
AND JUST AS FRESH. 3-2-2. with bonus room for game room or formal (biting. Firepkxe ond redwood covered patio. $41,ooo. 
Nites 824 9818. 
UVE ECONOMICALLY 
BARGAIN 2 bedroom, I bath, carport, carpeted thruout New double oven. New roof. Alamo 
Hots. schools. $18,9oo. Mites, 
822-9638. 
ROMANTIC 
Ever popular Dokota Pion, 3-2-2, oversized termly room with fireplace Good equity. Quick possession. $38,5oo Mites 826- 

;$1 M O V E IN V A 
SSMMMCONVMTfQNAl no warn nu Atta n 
|3 and 4 bedroom pions $34,95o 
J to $43,95o. AN homes feature energy saving p«kqge, contra!' 
’ beat ae, carpet end handout 
{ted woedbuming fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef all eiectnci 
['.kitchen, and 2 corjorajes 
, 

6 RltM$HH> MOORIS 
OWW DMY 9-9 
TWIN CRICK 
681- 1 1 1 1 ' 
„ 

 grwrttofcrne 
OM. 
Creek. I . 
Feeturing w ee*on*tg fire- ( pH— all electric kitchen. K woK-to-wril carpeting, , electric garage dear opener , 9| end oh fcricfc conetnKtlon. 
, I 
Only $48,5oo 
I 
Call today 
< ( 
O A K CREEK 
J r 
684-3112 
< i‘; 

Vacant 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 cor garage. Privacy fenced, new con­ dition, great neighbors, sm all equity. Low monthly payments. 
824-2391 (Anytime) 

REALTORS-Austln Hwy Ole 
S U M M I T 

Spomsh Rancher - A family room with beamed ceilings ond romantic fvdoAace is only one feature of this 3 bedroom, 2 both home. $4o,5oo will move you into this lovely home. 
N A Y LO R R f A LT Y 
G ALLER Y O f HOM ES 
691-1121 
341-9191 
656-552o 

6 5 18 ROBIN FOREST 

LOW EQUITIES $66oo CAMELOT ll 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, stone firepkxe, loads of carpet! See today! 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

Payments only $3o3 on 7**% VA loan. Large roomy 3 bedroom. 2 bath, vaulted ceiling in fam ily room, dining room and master bedroom, intercom, self-cleaning oven, patio. 
P r ic e d rig h t. 
Reduced to $38,9oo 
658-3535 Anytim e 
BELLVIEW BEAUTY iftyBB Wortev BeaNcrs 
3 lorge bedrooms, 2 baths, lovely family room, new roof, in excellent condition. 
Assume note or refinance 
VA or FHA. 

G orgeou s 3 bedroom , lu x u ry 
.home, with a hobby room or of­ fice, O PEN LIVING A R EA , fire­ place, delightful kitchen with dou­ ble oven, custom drapes, A LL IN 
LIKE NEW CONDITION. 341-72o1 
OLIVE B IZZELLE 

3 large bedrooms, I both, 

 separate living ond dining 

 room , very low exterior 

 m aintenance. 

BO B M CGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S 
, 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

O L b FA R M I Spanish Style 3-2-2. 
Covered screened patio, wall to wall, central air. Intercom on limited access street. By Owner, 
537,3oo. Assume $231 mo. 655 8842 
OPEki PLAM home has balcony overlooking skylighted fam ily room with fireplace! Living, din ing ro o m s ...! bed ro om s (oil 
L A R G E ! ) . 2 c o m p a rtm e n te d baths! all the extras, in Blossum 
Hills. 
$74,9oo. 
R E A LTO R S 
82+9631 

HOME + INCOME 

2 story duplex appr­ oxim ately 
14oo sq. f t ., 
I bedroom , 
I bath in each; populor area. No down to 
Vets. $ 17,ooo . Call TO D A Y to see! 

BOB M CGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S J y l j E 
, 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 “ 
I ® ! 

REALTORS-Randolph Ofc 

T E R R E L L 64ll_L-4 - A H.Schools 
On o beautiful, sprinklered co m er lot with circular drive, Arizona ledgestone. I story with thick shake roof, 4 or 5 bedrooms plus quarters. This is what everybody wants Please call us for details. 
824-3233. 
822-S973, 
822-91o1, 
824-oo49 

ON LY $37,9oo buys this super Shenandoah 3-2-2 

I with central heat and air, huge i den, fire p la c e and ca th e d ra l 
I ceiling. Call now 
B EA U TIFU L VIEW from this Bulverde Hills 3-2-2 on I 
: acre with covered patio, centrol heat and air ond all appliances. 
Coll today 
JUST LISTED 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both with cen tra l heat and o ir, lo rg e covered patio and family room. 
For only $32,ooo i 494-SS71 
NITES 65+4189 

BOB M CGINNIS 

 t 
R E A L T O R S 
; 
3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

CLOSE TO M E D C E N T E R « be- droom s, 2 baths, la rg e living area $26,5oo. Coll now 
IN TERSTA TE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
• Wooded Shot for ItolVACr o 4 Choko Norik Commwiiloi 
(lothiding Now Inn nfvb) o Low Toto* Make mot? eur­ ekas* Tonne o 17oo So- ti- Living - 2 Cur 
Oorogo|l37, SOO o 3*8o Sa. Ft. Living - I Cor earagTMO.rSO. 
Soorch Tho Homo Morhot Over 
THIN Coll USI - 
- 

HOLD EVERYTHING!! 
CAMELOT ll 

UNDER $45oo equity moves you into this SURW CUAN 3-2- 
7 with STACI GALORE Feel like a KING in this huge master bedroom suite, custom drapes and corner lot VACANT Mites 
! 
658-1428 

MEADOWOOD NORTH 
Reduced for quick sell. Almost new, immaculate, rotary tm con­ ditioner, privacy fence, nice landscaping Oak tree ond other extras makes this 3-2-2 a good buy 
Immediate occupancy. 
Seller anxious, will consider se­ cond loin. $38,75o Nites 656-' 
8218. 
UVE OAK SPECIAL 
Assume 7% loon on this cute 3- l l, central heat-aw, Roper deluxe range, dishwasher and garbage disposal Don't pass this one up • $19,7oo. Nites 494- 
2191, 
NICE AND NEAT 
See this 3-2-2 Valley Forge home, low equity, NE Schools - nicely arranged, quick possession. $31,5oo. Nites 822- 
9438. 

SPARKLING JEWEL 
MUSH! PLUSH! FLUSH! 
3-2-2, fuNy carpeted, garden kitchen, covered patio, BEAMED ceilings, SUNKEN conxersation area, fireplace, intercom. Pro­ fessionally landscaped 
Don't miss the BOAT! Immediate oc­ cupancy. $41,9oo. Nites 658- 
1428. 
WON'T u n LONG 
Gigantic bock yard) Plus trees ond the gracious 3-2-2 home comes with Bf Much TIC Deluxe carpeting, extras galore. Assume 
6% VA loan Quick occupancy. 
$29,5oo. Nites 658 1428 
CORNER LOT 
School bus stops in front of this immoculote 4-2-2 with fenced yard and firepkxe in populor 
Volley Forge $38,5oo. Nites 
824 9818 
GREAT NEGHBORS 
Go with this 3-2-2, executive model home. Owner transferred. ( 
Immediate possession. $38,6oo. 
Mites 824 9818. 
DAY OK NIGHT 
655-6848 
AjgsSI i n o r tu n 
% M s u n t Ii w e * 
I d l l r e a l t q 

Fresh as spring. 3-2 with finished game room. OPEN living concept 
Master bedroom, 18x1o. 
1oo% brick-unbelievoble! $27,99o. Nites 
658 1428 

DAY OR NIGHT 

655-6848 

 iJag S S l i i to r tu t I 
| ( 7 j | ln s o I«t h w e s 8 

 r e a l m 

Terrell Hills, By owner. 3-1, living room with tirepioce, dining room, large family room with D'Hanis tile floor. Cent, heat and window units, large lot with many trees. 
$19,5oo. 
124-4197 
No agents 
Please. f k A R E L C H l l L i , 64etlculous~i bedroom, 2'i baths with don and music room, in a stately setting on corner lot Over 22oo sq. It. Coll for aopt. 
H U G H E S * BRISCOE 
92+4331_______ 
R EA LTO R S 

Specializing Northside-733-7141 
G E T AWAY FR O M IT A LL. 
Slav home! Older stone home situoted on o hilltop. 3 Bedrooms, hard­ wood floors. Lovely porch. 1.4 
Acres, trees, greenhouse, fenced. 
Coll 49+ 7451 A N Y TIM E. 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
View of Ae city from balcony of ibis 2 bedroom, 2 both con­ dominium. Beautifully decorated with csufom drapes ond carpeting Equipped kitchen and washer and dryer $31,5oo. Kites 
656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 

654-552o 6 9 1 -1 1 1 1 
341-9191 

OUR D E A L F E L L THfeOtJbH' 
This exceptionally dean 3-2-2 has lust been placed back on the market. Situated on o quiet cul- de-sac and convenient lo schools. 
Evenings Call Chuck 6S3-56S1. 

Custom built, beautiful drapes ond carpet, 4 large bedrooms, 3 luxury baths, 2 fireplaces, central heat - oir. Lets talk terms. Call 
124-5421, nites 674 o744 
Swimmy Co. 
492-1672 
658-o29o 
673-14o1 
3 ACRES 
HIU COUNTRY 
VILLAGE 
With secluded 3 becoom, 2 both, study ond game room home plus 
17x35 swimming pool Reduced for immediate sole (nil fry detail 

Century 21 
REALTQRS-5o Years of TRUST 
GORGEOUS A LL BRICK, 3-2 2, in 
Leon Valley. $4oo down. $35o mo. 
J * J R E A L T Y 47+8683 Anytime 

122 HABY, B E A U T IFU L CONDF 
T ION, 
C A R P E T E D . 
O N L Y 
511,5oo. I B L K . O F F B L A N C O 
RO. Nites 656-4528. B R E N N E R 
REALTO RS 344-3471__________ 
H E A V E N S A B O V E , lites below and gracious living is yours in this 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, doctors home. 
Bay window in the comfortable living room and lorge breakfast area are only a few of the ben­ efits. 562,5oo 

W A K EFIELD REA LTO R S 

ON TOP OF THI WORLD 
FIRST O FFER IN G 
W ith o SO m ile view that is breathtaking! Custom built 5 be­ droom with 3ooo sq.ft. on 6 acres. 
Another 8 acres available. Coll us now and let us R A V E! 
*2+o4o4 
REA LTO R S 
653-5259 
SUE W EEM S * ASSOC. 

HARMONY HILLS 

No down to Vets for this 3 

 bedroom, 2 both home,- dou­ 

 ble cor garage, fenced and 

 carpeted, for only $4o,85o. 

On Wood Hollow In Bristol Place 
3-1 'V I b ric k and asbestos. 
Monthly payment of 5165 al 7N interest, central heat and air on cul-de-sac. 
Van Bunin & Assoc 
684-7171 
65+64o8 
696-5896 

"TERRELL HILLS” 
Price reduced on this large 4 be­ droom, 2 both home, newly paint­ ed inside and out. Updated kit­ chen, quick possession. Call tor details 822-33o1 

Large 4 bedroom home, on treed covered lot. Huge covered patio, one of the best buys of the area. 
Priced in the low 4o’s 
349-3535 or 349-5111, anytime 

Gorgeous colonial in Monte Vista. 
4+' >-2. Beautiful large living has fireplace. Oversized dining, li­ brary with fireplace, cabanas and pool. Out of town owner wants action! Call Ruth Foiles 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

ROLLING RIDGE...4 bedroom, T bath home Is shag carpeted...has formal living room. Family room with beamed ceiling, fireplace*" 
$44,9oo 
R EA LTO R S 
69+481V 

RUITORS 

REALTORS-Lockhill-Setma Otc 
TH E G L E N 55So is all the cash needed. 2 large bedrooms, l'» baths, double g aroge, range, dishwasher, refrig erator, g a r­ bage disposal. 5275 mo. Total price $3o,2oo. CH A R LES WATTS 
R E A L EST A TE 732-2916, 732-5355 
Century 21 

 for 553,9oo! I Talk about living a re a ...... 6oo sa ti in the fam ily room......3oo sq ft In the master bedroom 
2 fireplaces 
ANO 
MUCH M ORE I Just listed. Be the first to see. 62o-6343, eves 653-9594 
CcmeHgs 6 Associates 
4-2-2, Over 2,oooSq Ft. of Luxury living, formal living and dining room, lots of Extras, carpeted, m any b uilt-ins, 
F ir e p la c e , screened in patio. Exceptional landscaping. Walking distance to 
E tem. School, P r ic e 554.95o. 
Shown by appt, only 656-6778. 

B O B M CGINNIS k 
R E A L T O R S 
. 3 4 9 -4 2 1 1 

A T T R A C T I V E 3-2-2, fireplace, living room + den, carpet, more 
537,85o To see now 
IN TERSTA TE 626-o755 til 8 pm 

Brick veneer, carpet, immaculate condition, l l plus den, walking distance to Wonderland, fenced, washer and dryer connections. 
526,5oo 

Van Boren 8 Assoc 
68+7171 
69+5894 
699-oo66 

O ID Y O U S E E T H E S U P E R 
S P R IN G 
R E D U C T I O N that 
Deanie Owens, Jefferson has to save you 569oo TODAY?________ 

HOWARD T A TE R EA LTO R S 

4 bedrooms, 2 baths and parquet floors. Architect’s personal home. 
P opular, sp acio us H ollyw ood 
Pork otters you gracious living. 
See this home today! 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 

342-3111 
REA LTO R S 
<92-2762 
H ER ITA G E F A R M S B E A U T Y . 
3-2-2, stove, refrig erator, fire ­ place, carpets, air, covered ratio. 
No down, 
5375 closing. 
May payment 
W AYNE SLA TER 
496-742o R E A L T O R 696-742o 
Slater Reolty__________ 349-9278 

HIDDEN C R E E K 
3-2-2, fireplace, greenhouse, and mony other extras. 564,ooo. 
49+ 3448, ANYTIM E 

NACCO at Thousand Oaks 4 2 1, 
Only 575o down, 5238 mo. 
J * J R E A L T Y 67+8883 Anytime 

N E, 3-2-2, all brick, absume low 
6% loan or refinance, many ex- trot. 4118 Mon PCQ 453-2853______ 

Almost an acre of ground su r­ rounds this gracious 65 year old brick house plus furnished apart­ ment obove 3 cor garage Lovely pool and recreational area. Under 
57o,ooo 
Beryl Weigond 34+2341, 342-445* 
BOB JONES. R E A L TO R S 

 and IwimmTng’ Yind wont to 
•nioy the EA SY L I F E ? 
Then see this luxury garden home! 
Exceptionally appointed proper­ ty. Small yard for the lazy living and a beautiful swim pool tor ex­ ercise and entertainment. 565,ooo 
EA S Y A SSU M PTIO N ! 826-4343, eves 655-264o 

L I K E 
TO L I V E 
IN 
B R A U N 
STATION? w e’ve got 2 3-2-2’t, both with fireplaces, family room, and lots of carpeting. Call today tor details! 43+2341. 

Large 3-2-2 home, 27oo sa. ft. on 3 acres. SHAVANO PARK. 
494-5281 494-2o41 
HILL CO U N TR Y R E A LTO R S 
K A b ^ 'k N 6 R T H .'T onv-enT ent to UTSA-USAA-Medicol Center. 
Low cosh assumption. Lovely 4 bedroom, IV* both, central heat- air and appliances. Easy terms. 
5245 per mo Will trade. y 
BOB DePAOLO 
344-3o91 
R E A L TO R 

 b e a u t i f u l n r e i r r H 
4-bedrooms, 2% bath. Large den. 
Must see to appreciate. 49+74o5 or 69+7141 frfeAuT T r u i ; I 3. «If h T J nlT»- marbie roman tub, separate liv- ing-dmlng room, huge glass en­ closed, family room with wet bar. 
By appt, only 344-75o6__________ 

NEAR JEFF 
REALTO RS Btonco Rd. Ofc 

Owner, 3-2-2, Babcock North, Ile ing-dimng, den, drapes, corpet, cov patio, gas grill, prix fence, 
532,5oo, 5253 mo. 69+5191. 

Colonial brick 3-2 plus den. Per­ fect family home 

R EA LTO R S 
Bring your point brush. No down p aym ent to anyone. 3-4 B e ­ drooms, 2 baths, some with air and appliances. Paym ents less than rent. 
BOB OePAOLO 
344-3o91 
R E A LTO R 
Dg TTT M T S s 'T H i i 6 n E n 
"ffe droom sto ry book hom e in popular N.W. area. Bonus room ideol tor office or hobby room, 2 living areas, cheerful kitchen. 
P a rk -lik e b a c k y a rd . SS3,9«fci 
49+7651 A N YTIM E. 

Corwins I Associates 
R E ALTOR 
62+8673 Anytime 
N E A R W INDSOR M A L L . 3-2-1, air, appliances, no down, $275 closing 1st poyment May I 
W AYN E SLATER 
69+742o 
R E A LTO R 
68+6169 

GALE REAL ESTATE 
M acA rthur area, l l olus den, large yard, central heat and air, assume 
$154,5o per mo. 
7' »N interest 

Van Buren & Assoc 
68+7171 
344-1o89 
499-oo66 

O W N ER L E A V I N G in 9 days. 
Make offer on +2-2. fireplace. 
E a s y a cce ss lo e x p re ssw a y . 
Equity and 5115 mo. Nile 65+54oo 

SAVE YOUR CR ED IT 
Let me buy your low equity or assume loan on I bedroom s, 2 baths in northwest. Son Antonio. 
Will consider duplex. 434-45oo, otter noon. 
_________________ 

SIZZLING HOT BUY 
Insp iration 
H ills a re a . 
Im ­ maculate all brick 3-2-2, paneled den, 2 all hie boths, large living room, dining room, carpeted ond draped. Central heat and a ir, covered potio. Beautiful treed lot. 
Also 5 bedroom, 2 baths, den 
; $39,6oo 1619 Mohegan Open IO till 

731*7987STEVE MARTIN735 o825 

I bedroom, IV* bath with lorge fenced yard. All appliances, re­ frig erator, 2ox2o gom eroom . 
$24,5oo. FH A VA 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 

M O N TICELLO HGTS 
Homey, corner, 3 bedroom , in perfect condition, large living ond dining, screened porch, pretty tree shaded yard. Only $1o,9oo. 
CLOSE TO M ED ICA L C O M P L E X 
Low lax oreo, lovely corner home with workshoo 3-2-2, living and den, assume payments under 521o or new loan. Low 3o's. 
G L E N OAKS 
J beauties, both vacant and both corner, 3 bedroom, 2 both or 2 with large den. shodey yard, I block from bus and stores. A s­ sume payments under $24o. 

• IRIS IS SELECT • w ith heated pool In p r iv a c y grounds. Large brick ram bler, quality built. 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, plus quarters, bath. Family roam 
(FP, terrazo floored), and garden room. Living and dining rooms. 
Many buitt-tns. 81oo,ooo. In North­ wood Estates. o2+2347. 

 to move to the country, make this home your own. 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, separate dining, detached garage. 
Jefferson arco, only 
524,SOO 
Beryl Weigond 34+2341. 34+4465 
BOB JONES. R E A LTO R S 

Five free covered acres surround large J bedroom, 2' * both execu­ tive home. Large patios, front ond rear. Double fireplace, new fami­ ly room, beautfut stables, com ­ pletely fenced. Totol p riv a cy . 
5135.ooo Niles, 49+2114. 
49+7711 
DON JOHNSON. R E A LTO R S 

Plenty of room for everyone In this great 2 story, 5 large be­ drooms. 3 baths, formal rooms, family room with fireplace, car­ peting through out, custom drapes, p ro fessio n ally la n d s­ caped, 566,5oo Nites 655-7492. 
Century 21 
PANORAMIC VIEN 

BY OWNER 
T RICO. Realtors 349-6491 

Owner. Live Oak, +2-2. large lot, plus 2o' easement. Quiet street, assume, 5194. pavmts. or refin­ ance 528,5oo. Owner will assist with refinancing. 65+4271 

OW NER VfcA ttSrg-R R E D 
Less than 2 year old home. Less than 
54/ooo te assum e. 3 Bedrooms, formal dining, single living area. 
In V A L L E Y FO R G E . Established yard. 
Only 
$4o,9oo 
o24-o121 
A N YTIM E. 

Century 21 
Transferred owner has lowered the price to $23,9oo. Pretty os o picture 4 bedroom, 2 bath on o corner lot. Central heat and air, covered patio and other extras. 
Call <2+57o4 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
M O N EYSA V ER S R E A L T Y 
65+142o A N YTIM E 
D istinctive executive custom b ric k . F re n c h co n te m p o ra ry townhouse design, terraced rock, double lot (no grass), 27oo sa ft. 
4-3-2, spiral staircase to enter­ tainment loft overlooking 2o x 24 den, 2 upper 3o' decks ottering panoramic city view Many lux­ ury features, immaculate condi­ tion Babcock Rd. and Loop 41o area. 
4142 HIGH SIERRA 
Reduced 81o.ooo to 882,5oo 
By opp't, Owner. 49+1237 

Beautiful 4 bedroom home with circular staircase. Separate din mg, 2 boths and a powder room 
L a rg e den, m any oak trees. 
341-72o1, nites 342-o829. Ask for 
VIRGINIA N IEN D O REF 

Super view from spacious 3-2' i. 2 car. den, E X T R A NICE 
341 4455 
R E A LTO R S 
12+6714 lf you are ond you're looking for a 
] bedroom, 2 bath with a corner fireplace tar only 533,9oo, S E E 
THIS! Formal dining room, utility., room, privacy fenced yard, on o cul-de-sac. It s Neat! 681-3222. nites, 492-1113. 
BILL SOUTHERN R E A LTO R 

SPACE SPACE SPACE 
HOLLYW OOD PA RK 
Approx *» aero. (corner lot), oak* galore, ideol family home, 4 be­ droom, 3 bath, study or office, lorge den with fireplace, formal living room ond dining room , priced amy 85+SPO Ask for 
Jean Mortio 36+2341, 49+2o27 
BOB JONES. R E A LTO R S 

Century 21 
Charming do-over near Trinity. 
Living room, fireplace, dining room, 2 bedroom, guest house. 
732-1291 

9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, orginial designs, will trade. Out Vance Jackson. I mile from 41o 
Century 21 
12+57o4 
R EA LTO R S 
653-42 
Whiteheod-Holidav 
68+3711___________ R EA LTO R S 
N ATIVE S TO N E. 3 bedroom, 2 both home with 28oo sa.ft on I forested acres, lust oft 16o4. Quick possession! 681-o66o. 

82+57o4 
R EA LTO R S 
653-424o 
BOB RODGERS 
U N l6U £ LA k 'E'VI I w From tight. bright hom e...vaulted ceilings, 
Sa ltillo e n try, gold shag carpeting...! bedrooms, 2 baths. 
834,7oo. 
R E A LTO R S 
45+7oo7 

Lovely executive home, only I year old, massive sunken den, with won of solid brick surround ing fireplace, cathedral celling with beams, family style kitchen with large breakfast oreo, « be­ drooms, I separate with full bath. 
2 other full boths. I'/* acre treed lot. 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 
______49+16o1 494-M12_______ 

R EA LTO R 
>2+o673 Anytime 

NEW LISTING 
3-2-1, built-in kitchen, separate living and fam ily rooms, 34x15 covered patio, intercom. Assume 
7% VA loan with 5192 payments. 

C e n t u r y 21 
65+o131 Bitt Parkins R tty65+6712 

ENCHANTED F « T 
L a rg e two story, rock hom e, locoted near Churchill H.S. This 4 bedroom, 2' * both home features living room, fam ily room with fireplace, built-in bookshelves, balcony off kingsized m aster bedroom And much more. Priced at 
554,ooo. 
Call today for an appointment. 

REALTO R S-5o Years of TRU ST 
B E H I N D N O R T H S I O E F E D - 
M A R T . 3 bedrooms, 2 'i baths, treehouse, air, carpets. 82o,5oo 
Bargain Terms. 
W AYNE SLATER 
49+742o 
R E A L TO R 
349-927o 
--------BIG N fc'E A U T lF U L -------- 
4-2'i-2. Big country kltchen-den, 
P L U S 2nd fam ily room. 17x18 master bdrm, BIG dress, walk-in. 
MAC R E A L ES T A T E 82+2521 m f 'A fig H P A lX N T -------- 
OAK HILLS T E R R A C E 

Guy Chipman Co 

VAHEY FORGE 

3-2-2 In Babcock North, handy to 
UTSA-USAA. Energy sover, bunt in kitchen. 83o,45o VA-PHA. Erie 
NogeL 49+533o, 69+2712. 
PKBFESStDWAl BEAITT 

PLANTS 'N THINGS will be happy on shuttered porch, 
2-1, dining, big living room. 
MAC R E A L E S T A TE 82+252) 
POPULAR FO REST OAKS 
N ear M e d ica l C enter, lo rge homey 4-2-2 with shadey yard, lorge family size den, plus formal areas. Assume low interest note or new loon. 843,5oo. 
Also hove lovely +2-2 at 839,9oo: 
C A N T E R FIE L O A R EA 
P riced tor quick sale at only 
829,9oo. Lovely 3-2-2, lorge liv- mg-den area. Assume low interest note with payments under 8225. 
H UGE OAK T R E E S 
Shades.1.4 a cre s outside city limits on Bandera Rd Over 28,ooo sq.ft., 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 fir+ places, modern home Many ex­ tras and only 871,ooo 

Near Medical Center, spacious 3 bedroom home with fireplace, central heaf-alr ond many extras. 
Over 1o,ooo sa ft and mid 4o's 
69o-922o. nites 69+53o7 

L a rg e 3-2-2, nice plan, privacy fence Priced 835,ooo 

ROSSI REALTY 
494-7781 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytim e 
Lots of room in this 3 bedroom borne, 2 liv in g area s, cen tra l heat-air, 2 bonus rooms, large lot. super buy, belew $5o,ooo 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 
______49+16o1 69+3o12_______ 
HOLLYW OOD PARK 

$ 2,oo o flus $185 per month at 7H in­ terest mil get you a 2 bedroom, 2 bath townhouse large nosier bedroom Convenient ta Ft. Sore and Randolph Coil leubon tar in­ formation of 653-6364. 

A SIGHT TO BISOLD 
A beautiful large shade tree or­ ients the front yard to this 3 bedroom, ? both home locoted in 
TiMoge North, it's loavonJent to schools, shope* sq confers, everything. UU us TOOAY at 653- 

Circle this one to see. Immaculate inside and out, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, fire p la c e , in te rco m , p riv a cy fenced 
Inside utility room 
Live in Son Pedro Hills. 
Mid 4o s does it 
349-4343 or 349 3535 Anytime 

L ove ly hom e and la nd sca p ed yard with all the amenities. Fire­ place in den, formal living and dining plus a cozy brook tost room great assumption. 344 8346 
G r a c e A r n o ld 
R E A LTO R S M LS 
N fjw LVW fefl U t l l A u T l l dp pliances included In this freshly painted 3 bedroom home Plush new carpets and large vaulted ceding master bedroom make tor a super buy at 521,8oo. 494 7*51 
A N YTIM E. 

STAGECOACH HILLS 
Approx 2.1 or res, 3-1' *-2, trees, lots of space for horses. $59,9oo 
o8+4747B. Zoner. Broker68l-1491 
SUNSET HILLS 
Ex tra nice 3 bedroom . 2 bath home Central heat and air, com­ pletely remodeled kitchen with micro-wave. 53o,9oo 
R EALTO R 
*9113oo 

656-3ooo Anytim e 
R E ALTORS-N. West Otc 
E N t H A t a t * 6 ---------r S T I T T 
Gracious living awaits you in this 
5-2-2 with balcony overlooking family room with 2-storv coiling. 
Professionally landscaped end large pecan trees in backyard. 
494-5221 (A N YTIM E) 

Reduced Fur (Mick Sale 
Due to tra n s fe r, a m ust to sell— This beautiful 3-2-2 home. 
Carpeted and air conditioning. 
Fenced Only 532,ooo. 

REALTQRS-Porrtn Bedel Ofc 

FIRST O FFER IN G 
Delightful I bedroom. 7 bath, with 
I large living area. beautiful gar­ den kitchen, large covered porcn. 
Good loon to assume. 
•2+ooo6 
R E A LTO R S 
824-356+ 
SUE W fE M S * ASSOC. 

REALTORS-Blanco Rd Otc 

Practically New 
Buy before we listYvith a realtor, large 3-2-2, between Ft Sam ond 
Randolph. 
Low equity now, 
661-2oo9.___________ 
Century 21 

ELA IN E LUDWIG * ASSOC 

This garden home is profession oily decorated re the epitome of elegance. Priceel well below the other homes in the area. 3 huge bedrooms, 3 baths, and wait until you see the family room. In Oak 
Hills. 
349-5111 or 349-3533 Anytime 

R E A LTO R S 5o Years of TRU ST 

NEW MADISON HIG ti $£h 6 6 l 
This Pe rte c fly maintained 2 story is lust off Nacogdoches on quiet cul-de-sac, and is ready to go for 
VA b uyer, ll Is co m p le te ly modern and has carpel through­ out. dishwasher, central heaf-air, and privacy fenced. Quick move- ini CaU 822 5oo1. 
ED G ILB E R T R E A LTO R S 
Pi I w'-g'B' J* Ate k I T 
V ou'r'T ir s will hove lots of room here. This 4 bedroom borne has game room plus study, fireplace in large open living area, over 245o sq ft. Chur­ chill HI. 858,5oo. 

Century 21 
Beautiful 3 bedroom home in East 
Te rrell H ills, central heat-air, freshly painted, owner anxious. 
Will lease witn ootion lo buy. 
524,9oo 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494-3o12 
‘'(*‘UT ffT E T T lr ci"real cots meow! 
This 3 bedroom, 2 both beauty, fireplace divides formal living • dining area from fam ily room, master suite fit tor a queen. 

 w h a V d 6I!s'"'," V 6 u 6 w .ffe 
WANT? 
3 bedroom, 2 bom, on a quiet, tre+ihaded yard, on sate eui-de- sac for children Do you want tow payments? We hove lf in Camelot 
1. Call Grace, rates 455-2488. 

Whitehead Holiday 
68+3711___________ R E A LTO R S 
P R E F E R JE F F E R S O N A R EA ? 
W. M I S T L E T O E - A L L B R IC K , 
Lovely 3 bedroom, **rmal dining room, corner (of. 53o.8oo w. m a g n o l i a - Spanish Stucco. 
Spacious older 3 bedroom (*r 
2+den), central oir, corner lot. 
83o,OOO 
IM M A C U L A T E , 3 bedroom. I1* botn, central heat 821,5*o. 
W. M AGNOLIA. 7 large paneled bedrooms, formal dining room. fireplace 82o,ooo. 434-3185 

 with open terms. $14,95o. ll has one carped and pah* with privacy feme (oipe'ed Irving room, (ail 
Dei lewis at 653-6364 tar details. 
EEALTO ES-N . Centro! O n 

I story hom o m ust so t to ap preemie This lovely home with 3 lorge bedrooms. IV* baths, wet bor in family room ond fireplace in living room. I cor garage 
2 years Old Only 84+ooo 
R e e s e H e n r y 
Realtor 
455-3584 
W ilts 
653-779) 

 t BIRD V IL LA G E 
Lovely 4 be­ droom (era wow to wall tarp*i*d), 
7 bath ham* on a lorge corner let with patio, fam ily room , and many trurt-baarin* trots. 
43+ 234). 

342-3111 
R E A LTO R S 
49+1o51 h ^ liT w'iT h 6 p f i6Iv to BUY 
3-1-1 single living area, rang* with vent Good assumption owner will consider second lein. $17,5oo. 
*5+7717 

E V ER Y TH IN G ! 
3 Bedroom, 2 baths, 2 cor garoge, living room, fam ily room with fireplace. Fo rm al dining. Just 
544.5oo 341-2222 Anytime. 
Century 21 
DOUGLAS R E A L E S T A TE 
Owner selling tor peanuts It you don t believe it, make an offer on this 3 bedroom, 2 both, builders trade In. Close I* school and shopping s32.6o* appraisal 
CaU 349 1436 Anytime 

3413111 
REALTO RS 
49+2767 

No down payment to anyone, the 
Glen I bedrrom. I bath, central heal, appliances air. 524,775 total. 
Payments less than rent. 
BOB OePAOLO 
34+ 3o91 
R EALTO R 
NO DOWN TO AN YO N E 3 4 be grooms, air. appliances. First 
Poyment April. 
222-941*TF.RRA R E A L T Y !* HRS n o M w n to 'w v g w r r r r . large dining area, huge brick 
BBD. privacy fenced S24o mo 
' ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 77o1 

Century 21 
James Oloscock I Assoc 
Century 21 
RAY T EA L. REA LTO R S 
James Glascock I Assoc 

SA ^ 'l F l f r 'B y ow ner. 
At reduced price, thousands less than new cast, super 3 yr. 3-2-2. 
14oo sa ft 
835oo equity, Firm. 
45+2498 
EXCELLENT LOCATION 
Spacious 3 bedroom home with large den. Near newly remodeled kitchen with breakfastareo Con yemen! to schools, shopping and motor thorough tares Must see lo apgreciate 
829,5oo 
Niles. 
34+73oo 
34+ 3o71 
DON JOHNSON, R E A LTO R S 

INC. REALTO RS 
Jim L lS T f El- TKIs beoufiiul J bedroom boma in the preferred 
Oak Hollow Estates area The spacious single living spoce is highlighted «(th o slacked, rock fireplace and vaulted ceiling 
49+8221 (ANYTIM E) 

S E C L U D E D 
C U S T O M 
CO N TE M P O R A R Y in Morymont area Decks ond patios surround gorgeous free form pool. V e r ­ satile ond unique plan includes exercise room, loft, ond children's piayreom B rochure available upon request 

7 ACRES WITH G O LF COURSE 
VIEW 
5 bedroom s, 3'* baths. 
Outside deck off living ond formal dining rooms. Cheerful gourmet k ichen breakfast area overlooks stone polio and garden 

COLONIAL E L E G A N C E 
8 or « bedroom s plus q u a rte rs 
Big country kitchen, gracious living and banquet size dining room 
Boomed cum-oiat ceding in den 
New over sized peel Exclusive 
Coslle Hills Estates. 

Start spring bv seeing this greot 3 bedroom home with fir<-p<<ice ond o patio tor oil seasons. *9o-923o, rates 49+5317 

THC SUMMIT. BY OW NER. 3 2 2, firepace. custom guilt, custom drapes, carpet, built-ins, large pantry, sell cleaning double even, an vac y fence. *9+1671________ 

T H E Y 'V E D O N E IT A G A I N ! 
Students in Northside I S O. have built a new borne...w ith ) b e ­ drooms, 2 boths and a fireplace in the family room WOW! 
539,875. 
R E A LTO R S 
49+411) 

NORTHEAST” 
Charming home, 3-2. with large family and living combo Vaulted ceilings, only 3 years old. Priced 
MacArthur Schools in 3o s. Call us tor details 

4 l Aftfl'l I E B K W M T < botfly and J car garage Fully carpeted 
Family room has nice tirepioce 
Garden kitchen and lorge yard 
Can be refinanced Wan t last, call 

•2+819+ REA LTO R S 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A , A c ro s s street from high school, 2 story rock will need remodeling Could be 8 bedroom. 34oo sa ti home or 
4 unit oot Priced to sell, Call now 
H UGH ES * BRISCOE 
92+43JI___________ R EA LTO R S 

JE F F E R S O N 
Spacious bedrooms, I bom*, large family room. 2 car oarage, and furnished efficiency apartment. 
73+/I41, 73+555o, 34+1433 

Very attractive 4-2’ i i home in popular area Spacious, wall to wall carpeting, fire p la c e and 
Churchill district ore but a few features. $55,85o. Niles, 494 385o 

 i 821-8241 
DON JOHNSON. R E A LTO R S 

You will be delighted with this home in 
W indsor 
Square. 
Consisting of 3 bedrooms, lovely 
Tnt rn to entry, price is neb! Call 
822 33o1 

This spacious home on over an acre treed let is in fine condition and waiting tar a young family ta harbor a g ain 
3 b ed ro om s. I baths, den, big kitchen and lots more tor under 1o.oo8 
COH 349-1434 Anytime 

F a r Sale in W hispering Oaks. 
Custom b u ilt c o n te m p o ra ry 
Enormous living ond upper level lib r a ry have duol tire p io ce 
Sepoi re dining, open stairs lead to upper play room 
2 la rg e b e­ droom s, gorgeous dow nstairs master, tons et extras. Ask tor 
Beth Tote 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

 lot <>.!.■ V," 
T H R E E IN O N I. You get North- east Schools, Northside living. and 19*o sa ti of living spoce in 
Mils Harmony Hills heme 494-1221 
(ANYTIME) 

Live uax by owner, +2 2, massive reek fireplace in fam ily ream, cathedral c*m>tvv in termly ond 
Hying roams, extra large living room . c a rp e te d thruout. N E school Erst Assume or refinance, must sell No operas please. Call otter 5pm and weekends 45+7o7) 

Live dak “ o y" owner" +1-1, equity ond assume, 45+ 2o31 
,________ 

N6 I TTi I A t T i ^ S o T T -fib CT- 
TV T A X E S 3 bedroom, 2 both, double garaae. The com lect et a formal and into> moi living area in and the entovment of a complete 
Iv covered lum bo size polio 
Priced rn Rio mid M s. *5+7717 

SCHERTZ A R EA 
Attractive 4 bedroom, J bath with central air, covered patio ond fenced vord. VA or FH A OK. CaU today 
49* 5171 
NITES *$+1445 

INC. R EA LTO R S______ 

OAK C R E E K NW 
Elegant English Tudor in prestige area 3 story, with 4 bedrooms, lo rge gom eroom , 3 'i b ath s. 
Lovely heated peel. S97,BM 
REALTO R 
*91-13oo 

TOW NVIEW E S T A T E S A llra c 
My* ++2, MMS brick heme with 2 patios, family ream, and located en a targe let and aglet cui-de-sec 
43+ 2341. 

Unusually large let supports ail brick J bedroom mot sparkles like a diamond Largo beamed den. tar mal iiVMig and dining m oi M s 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
*99-92o1 

L A R G E CU STO M ROCK older 
V l Z-den a tai • bouse ond gar den. location plus! Lee it. buy it today and us* your decor talents to refinish 12+45o7 

Century 21 
James Glascock I Assoc 

CUSTOM SPANISH. Close lo Mea 
Center and UTSA. 5 bedrooms pig* study, torte peel ond sauna, lovely covered polio, sun deck and rock polio on 2 free studded refs 
Century 21 
Century 21 
12735 S A N D P I P E R / Uke new. 
3 7 2. lo rge fa m ily room , fir eetac*. cathedral ceilings, fenced vord. ceverod patio Owner a ni teus Equity and assume 7% lean 

NIBLOCK REALTY 653-1873 
L o o k in g P e r b a r ly C e n tu ry 
C h a rm ? See lo v ely sp e ciou s heme, used os d u w n . historical area, Zoned o-1, M3,5M 

WARD REALTY 
696 1545 
M i r i e r ^ U K T I I K g r i K droom, J both heme has formal living, d in in g reams Family ream has cathedral ceding. Ii replace I 
$49, Sd* 
R EA LTO R S 
43+9*31 

Lovely 3 bemoan!, I'» bath home with M il* family roam. super buy al tit 
6$6-3ooo A n y tim e 

R EA LTO R S 

TR EES! TR EESI T R E E S ! PIM* grant OOO frees on a beautiful ex­ tra large let Fam ily room with tirepioce. tar mal living and dining room. * Oversized bedrooms pius paneled study 3 Decorator cern partm anted baths 
D o stra b io northside location 
87+o121 
ANYTIM E 

ELAIN E LUDWIG A ASSOC 
Near Medical Complex and direct to Kelly and Lackland Gracious 
4-3-2, den (FP. vaulted ceiling). 
M a ste r bedroom in se p ara te wing. Electric thruout Lorge let en cul-de-sac $44,7o4 o3+ 2347. 

U N D ER CONSTRUCTION 

HOLLYW OOD P A R K , ever 4ooo sa It rock contemporary on large culde-sac lei with room tar pool and tennis court. 

Larg e I bedroom. 3 batb en a corner let 
Custom built with m any extra fe atu res 
L a rg e covered patio with view et city 
Just reduced to $9o,8oo 
Niles. 
141-19*2. 
34+M/8 
DON JOHNSON, R E A LTO R S 

L E E HI NIMITZ 
Char • nmg hi locatren S t scour at* living dining ream, central heot-air Priced low U t tor quick sole 834 1231, 82+oo49. 822 5971, 
822-91o3. 82+7114 

E L M C R E E K indeer-eutdeer liv­ ing with g lass, weed, high ceilings. I bedrooms ond study 
Jenn Air center in kitchen. 
C A L L 494 5227 
A r m s tr o n g C o mSTICE LOCATION 
Your w orld of tom orrow can begin with isms levetv Custom bual 
) bedroom home th exclu sive 
Castle Hills Teerac* Form al he­ mp room separate amine ream. 
•arte den with fireplace, PLU S lovely billiard room See this one! 
34+8348 
G r a c e A r n o ld 
R EA LTO R S M LS______ 

PRESTIGIOU S C A S T L E P A R K 
.. spacious, ail brick hem* with I bedrooms. 2' t beths, bonus ream and formal hemp, ammo reams! 
Family ream with fireplace pius detached tam e room /Ox M i 
862, tdO. 
R E A LTO R S 
49+7771 

Coll I N T E R S T A T E 828-o7$$ 
Open 7 Days Til I P M. 

? E 7 r T 6 T r n iT 8 'H L I & H ti entry et stunning brick hem e! Fire- g laced liv in g d in in g room , paneled fa m ily roo m ...3 b e ­ drooms, 2 botas! 
848,141 
R E A LTO R S 
*58-7447 

LAR KSPU R 
Tired et small bedrooms? See these1 Master bedroom is almost 
I* X 2o, with 2 other twin sized, ever 2ooo sa ft in a two year eld home with formal living, separate dining end (arg* family ream with flreppc*. Call ta see today I l<» u684 
R E A LTO R S 
81+4497 
SUE W EEM S • ASSOC. 

REALTO RS 5o Years ot TRUST 

TWIN C R E E K . 75*. brick 4 2 2. com pletely carpeted, drap es, range, dishwasher end garbage 
Oi vposui 
Only $34,o44. 341 4484, 
REALTO RS 
OAXSt OAKS! OAKS! 
Large fenced yard surrounds 3 
L di aol i home with balli aam sue den. Form al living, double g ar­ age Assume $343 me 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
499 tip i 

•e LEO N V A L L E Y •• 
Clean 1-8-f, la rg e m a ile r b e­ droom, central air heal, nothin* dawn I* anyone! sis,97$ 
92+1944 
ARCINIEGA R E A L T Y 

T e a Ire ek 3-2 3 b rick, londs- ceped, mony features, $2*9 me , 
!*«*»« Eg. it* gfl;_____ 
Tem Creek, +2-3, like new, many extras M ake otter en equity tm o/72 oft sam one weekends 

 n o * vwi * 4' m t i f tifuHv built 3-3-2 with split be dreams, has I large living area with I* long arched fire place , separata dining, 851,944. 12+4148, 
453 2794 
REAVIS REALTY CO 
N6»fH¥Jo6‘b K fA Y irr T e -.-o; contemporary en freed tat with beautiful opal area I Bedroom 3 
M ill. Features forma! and infor­ mal area, many built ins Walk ta 
N i Schools. Churches, and City 
Bus 
, block 143 IHI ANYTIM E 

Picture yourself in tau beautiful custom hem* an targe oak treed 
R refesstenaiiy landscaped let sated peal with SpttiH* tile huge patio ideal tar entertaining Large roams, ++2 83+4571 

A 4 bedroom, I bath heme with fin ished fa r e d * ond beam ed toiling Corpetme, fence, por ted condition Priced of 827.444 with open forms. *5+1234 
REALTO RS N Control QU 

O F F B A N D E R A RO in Leon 
Valley +3-2, carpets No down ta anyone. Isl payment May I 
W AYNE SLA TER 
49+ 7418 
R E A LTO R 
64+o1*9 

O F F B L A N C O 
1 1 1, p artially furnished hom e 
Lew equity, m onthly 
$124.11, 
SIS,75o 
C H A R L E S W A T TS R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 73+1918, 712-8315. 228 9241, 
732-1184. 
Off Tim ber Creek, 4-l*i-t, fir , sieve, 
$27$ total m ay* in, payments 8245. 
674-412* 
RA E Real feviute 
O F F V A N C E JA C K S O N 
13 1, den, extra nice 
Call anytim e 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L ES n n m u t * ' i i 
OWNER T R A N S F E R R E D 
Se* to appreciate, I bedroom, I bath heme Spacious den. newly remodeled, tai pc kuchen with d ish w asher, assu m e our low equity of S3S8o at t i l l a mo., 
NE ISO, S ill Greenacres. J4I-SIJ1 eft S i lo rn 

 c a u u s ieee 

BEGIN, pl *e. Try $29,944 Owner mutt SOM this lovely 4 bedroom. I bota home with living room targe kitchen, privacy fence end star- age bumi,rig located near UTSA. 
USAA and Medical Center Boner 

W S M City, REALTORS 

MEADOW HOOD (HORTH 
ONDER 8Q 
IN CASTLE HILLS 
Luxury Hying wife g race and charm surraundm g you 
B rick trudiiranol with I oversized be­ drooms, quarters, lovely kitchen huge yard with many splendid tree* 
Shewn by appointment aniv 

Vacant - 4 bagroom 
I t i n n y area 
- involute utmost new - corner 

N O RTH EAST SCHOOLS 
Easy assumption lew equity I S l u a u 
*94-936* 
342+2*6 
CLINT W EILBACHER 

Practically new custom tram* hp* charm thruout. many apptpiinp features LPrp* rooms including itp a ra ta dining, Hying, sunny kuchen— breakfast area, Alamo 
Hats Schools 82+4571 
R EA LTO R S Bondeip Rd OH 
' LIKE NBN! 
I bedroom, 2 bath with now hoot and air, new living room cai pet, new wiring, new covered potto, new privacy tenet Convenient lot mon i f s S H A R P I 134,948. 
*81 1222, nttas, 493-11 IS, 

828-4391 Anytim* 
SPROWL S P A t l con be yours in this order home priced at 395.4o4 
Com p letely re m o d e le d and redec*rdt*d- 
3 a p a rtm e n ts provide 8285 m onthly incom e. 
Evenings ceti Virginia 68+1*78. 

Cern* luke a look at this 1-stary 
Colum el ch a rm e r in p o pu la r 
Northwest area +11 with family room, hug* covered pplra, and an oak tree thai s at toast led v«drs 
•to Ail en a corner tat 84I.9M 

UNIVERSiV y PARK A R E A 
Just listed, a 3 bedroom ham* on 
Overbid Dr. Plenty *1 storage, 
71+5558. 73+7141 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
LT^ *53 8558 roe (Mi rASU5T m s u w s 
ON A WANI AO 
IMI NClMttB IO CAIC 
IS 135-1*6* tx eel ss a m p N iw s 
Century 21 

IN TMI IX hilt 55 NI WI 
(ACC 325 I OOO 

o4366333 

2 LINES 

I O d a y s 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
*% f t 

C A N C E L L A B L E 
J S m J B m w r 

W f l N O U T 

 t A t t C H A N G E 
1 6 
6 
6 
QUICK KiSUlTSI 

VIEW AND IOTP) 
M o n e t perm itted, p riva cy witti a view of ttie volley. Cottonial »fyie 4 b e d ro o m , IV* b a th . S e c lu d e d am ong m any oak trees. C ustom d ro ve s w ill stay. C o vere d patio. 
Lotts) m ore, and only 157,25o 
149-4343 o r 349-353$ A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Go 
R E A L T O R S -B to n co Bd. Otc 
WALK TO 
CENTRAL PARK MALL 
I L ov e ly 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e t iu st I b lo ck fro m the m a ll. A ll b r ic k w ith liv in g , d in in g a n d fam ily room s that have received m uch tender loving care. C a ll for 
I additional details. 824-o171 
REO CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
W E L C O M E —O P E N H O U S E 
B Y 
O W N E R —W E E K E N D , to5pm 
F in e r e s id e n t ia l a re a , w ith in w a lk in g d is t a n c e to s c h o o ls , shopping, tran sportation. 3-large bedroom s, livin g room and dining roo m b u ilt-in k itc h e n , p a n e le d den, cen tral a ir and heat. P ric e 
129,75o P loose ca ll 73S-SSo4 

WHISPERING OAKS 
FOR THE EXECUTIVE 
C o n te m p o ra ry 3 b e d ro o m , 2’ > bath, less than I y e ar old, livin g ro o m w ith fire p la c e p lu s g am e room , m aster bedroom has sitting room w ith fire p la ce and p riva te wood deck. $85,ooo. 

O ver 1 1 a cre of o ark lik e grou nds s u rro u n d s th is s ta te ly hom e, 4 bedroom , 2’ i bath, 2ox4o heated p o * . $11o,ooo. 
*99922o 
492-1231 
BILLY FELLOWS 

ON W.W. R M T I RD. 
A n r o d m e it y S a c r w h g w 

2 or 3 bedroom ?™ ? batts*! 
■ miutnue Uu h* ixIA M m IJjillhL 
TWI tofu with 
At~~ 
'«<•* aporoiMnJ et SAC OOO goavttfol homo m d good bs* 

 b il iation, i air, l ingio | 
532-5245 
■ M g u s - m t 
DIANI! 
OWENS CO. tEAlTOR-MIS 
S. (ACT O K . 

14> G A L W A Y , 3-1-CP. E q u ity and assum e. (B ill Goodw in) Len n ard 
R ealty, 734-4754._________________ 
H igh lan d H ills, 3 bedroom s, nice, 
$75o m ove In. M a y paym ents $175. 
474-6124 
R A E R eal Estate 

H IG H L A N D P A R K . V a c a n t, e x tra n ice a n d la rg e . 3 b e ­ droom , cou ntry s u e kitch en, ce n tra l heat-alr, g arage. V A - 
F H A . C all O lga 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
673-o1o8 

SPECIALS OF THE WEEK! 

PAUN HEIGHTS - 2 bedroom. I both, double detached, VA appraised 

SI 7.ooo 
9515 CLAMP — 3 bedroom!, 2 baths, double garage, 1689 sq. ft VA 

533,ooo 
722 M U R Y — 3 bedroom, I bath, on large lot. SIS,SOO FHA • VA. 

1131 (AW K — 3 bedroom, I bath, single garage. Heat and dean, 
$17,9oo VA or (HA. 

29o3 HATTON — 3 bedroom, I bath, central heot ond oir 19,ooo VA. 

K U A M - 3 bedroom, 2 both, lorge family room, tow equity. 

519 PIKI ROGE — 3 bedrooms, I bath, low peke $16,5oo, VA - FHA. 

323 SUNGIO — 2 bedroom, I bath, mony trees, $9,5oo tony. 

3238 T W M C — brae 4 bedroom, 2 full baths, living, dining, central heat and central air, $3ooo equity. 

IO VICKERS — 3 bedroom, I bath, central heot, central air, corner lot 

$14,9oo, VA - FHA. 

738 W VNiARFT — Custom built 4 bedroom, 2 full bath, dining, family room with fireplace, mony extras, $46 OOO 

9 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 

DEAM! OWENS CO. REALTORS 

S. C t n t r a l C ie . 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 

ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO RNO 

We hova several, each w ith 

 a high are a fo r b u ild in g 

 and fo ch w ith a g e n tle 

 slope to river. 
From 

$14,ooo. 
8 % , 
12 year 

 fin a n cin g a vailab le. H ig h ly 

 restricted. 
Call fo r 
A p ­ 

 p o in tm en t to se e l 

H B G REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

I to 3 Wooded Ac. good soil. N of 
S.A. Ju st outside B e xa r Co. 
492-9436 H. Castle R ealty 732 66o2 

WEEKENDER S AC 
2 room cabin, well, liv e oaks 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
W O O D V A L L E Y A C R fe s- Beau- tifu l b ric k hom e on 4.67 A c re s . 
3-2-2, d e n , b u llt-ln s a n d m u ch m ore. 
C all for com plete 
Inform ation. 
333-4144 
N ile s 656-2787 
Rentury 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

Exp ress-N ew s— M o n d ay/ M a rch 7 , 1 9 7 7 

23o -LOTS 

W E H A ^ E an exce p tion a lly fine re s id e n tia l lo t th a t w ill a c c o m ­ m odate 58o,ooo to $9o,ooo in im ­ p rovem ents. A ll u tilitie s exce p t sewer. 
E ven ings, ca ll 
R ay, 
655-9656 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

232 HUBB ABB RANCHES 

228 
BESORT PROPERTIES 

™ 
1T S e S u titu l" ^ ” ™ 

WHISPERING OAKS 
A lm o st new, la rg e sin g le liv in g a re a , c o n te m p o ra ry w ith 4 b e ­ droom s, 3Va baths. Custom built, custom drapes, ready to m ove in. 
*79,9oo. N ites, 341-1962 
344-3o78 
O O N JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
B v O w n er, b e a u tifu lly carp eted, 
4-2, fo rm a l livin g, separata raised d in in g , den h a s fire p la c e , pool table site d gam e room has m any b u ilt-in s. Im m a cu la te con d. N o agents please. Low S7o's, 492-1827. 
W IN DW O O D E S T A T E S 
C ustom built, rock hom e, 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m s, 3 la rg e b a th s, hu ge den w ith w ether and fireplace, big co v e re d patio, lo o kin g o v e r 2' i a cre s of trees. O nly S74.Soo. 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S 
H om e sweet hom e in this beauty. 
3-2-2 plus office, big den w ith fire ­ p la c e , a ll c a r p e t e d , p r iv a c y fenced around shady yard , a ll for 
$46,9oo. M e d ica l area 
C A N T E R F I E L D 
I of the oreas finest hom es. 4-2-2, targe den and livin g, big covered patio. A m ust see in the low 4o s. 
B R A U N ST A T IO N 
S u rrounds this b ric k 3-2-2, la rg e d en a n d m a n y e x tra s . A s s u m e low interest note, th is won t last tong. 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 

H IG H L A N D S B E S T 
B eau tiful 3-3-3 on god view w ith too m any extras to m ention. C all tor details today. 
1oo% P E R M A S T O N E 
L o v e ly 3 b edroom n ear sch o o ls and shopping in H igh lan ds area. 
V A appraised $17.Soo C a ll Jim today 
532-3252 
N IT E S 337-4823 
Century 21 
I W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S I r iU G E 'F E N -D fc L L tfe fe S T 
B ric k 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath - O n ly 
527,ooo. N othing down GI- B etter 
H u rry! 
341-3154 
N IT E S 828-3691 
W alker J. B a rn eb e v R E A L T O R 

IF YOUR NOT 

BUYING YOUR HOME 
S O M E O N E E L S E IS 
B u t y o u r p o yin g fo r if a n y w ay . 
Let m e show how you can take, the lan d lo rd off the p a y ro ll and get 3 bedroom s, I v* a huge fenced la w n w ith a v ie w . C a ll S h e rrie 
Legnon 533-7163. 333-4328 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROAP 

*81-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 
W IN DW O O D 
S p a c io u s 4 b e d ro o m , 2Va b a th hom e on 2+ n e rts. R an ch styling w ith Spanish influence, Low ered o pen b e am e d , a c c e n t a ra is e d b reakfast area. *72,5oo. 
R E A L T O R 
*91-13oo 
Century 21 
E LA IN E L U D W IG A ASSO C. 

WOODLAWN HULS 
TH IS IS A B E A U T Y ! 
4 bedroom s (or 3 and an office), s e p a ra te d in in g , la r g e liv in g room , den, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, e x ­ tras. 
542,5oo 
341-72o1, nites 
341-o294 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

UKE NEW 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, redecorated in sid e and oui, c o m p le te ly c a r ­ peted. ce n tral heat. 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 

N E A R 
R I G S B Y . 
A f e a t " c h a rm e r, 4 b ed ro o m , stove, r e f r ig e r a t o r , n ic e y a r d . fenced. V A -F H A . C a ll Olga 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
673-o1o8 

N eori,am Houston Hi, 3-1, $13,tic 
Oft R igsby 4-2 $1S,9So Low closing 
L E O N A R D ,R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o 
661 3322 

Y O U can get in to th is b e a u tifu l 
$4o,ooo hom e w ith only $6oo cash. 
C a ll right now! 496-o974 
F O R T U N A 
A S S O C IA T E S , 
696-1412____________ 

YOUNG EXECUTIVE 
B eau tifu l b rick hom e on la rg o lot w ith m ore than 2o O aks Im p res­ siv e I bedroom s, 2 la rg e baths. b r ic k fir e p la c e in den. P r ic e d below m arkot. 
$57,5oo 
Nitos, 
494-2163. 
494-7711 
OON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

NO MORE UKE IT 
Tastefully im proved I a cre, w ith 3 b ig b e d ro o m s, I b a th , k itc h e n , d in in g and liv in g a re a . C e n tra l heot, w indow a ir, c a rp o rt, g a r ­ a g e , 374 sa ft sh o p b u ild in g . 
Range, refrig e rato r, w ash er, c u r­ tains, drapes and blin d s stay. C a ll 
W aiter 
H ow ard 
533-7143, nites 
923-o836 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
••On K o e h le r Ct. C le a n 3 be droom $14,975 N othing dow n to anyone! H ablam os Espanol. 
923-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

Y O U P R O M IS E D H E R W H A T ? A rose garden* We have it with on elegant, a ll b rick 3 bedroom hom e with a fireplace and a kitch en in 
H arvest gold. 
$41,7oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
*96-4811 
Guy Ctiipman Co 

Y O U R OW N E S T A T E ! C o u n try hyin g with o il city convenience*. 
Lore * custom b u ilt 3 bedroom . I bath . plus w orkshop and stables on beautiful 2 * a cre s N e a r U T 
SA. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S $o Y e a rs p l T R U S T 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

A W IN N E R 
T h is 3-2-2 is new on the m arket so ta ke a lo o k! C a th e d ra l c e ilin g targe den w ith fire p lace and aor aeous new carpet. F o rm a l dinin g a r liv in g . E q u ity a n d a s s u m e 
*39,9oo. N ile s 426-7668 
D ay o r nito 654 6*4* 

Marten Southwest Realty 

Bargain Hunters Special lo down paym ent to o n yu i* . 3 

LARGE FAMILY’S DOIG HT 
You wiN love this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2'4 bath home with 
Fireplace and its own 28x39 heat­ ed pool. Carpeting thruout and fully equippied kitchen 
Open 
Terms. 
DON’T WAIT 
See this spacious 3 bedroom home in VoHey-Hi. I block from elementary school. Equipped with range, refrig., carpet ond fenced yore. buy under VA at $17,3oo. 
LOW FQUtTY-4oW KYM!. 
Clean 
3 bedroom home in established area near school. In­ cludes range, refrig., carpet cmd fenced yod 
Early occupancy. 
Only $19,515. 
HOME AM) INCOME 
New duplex in Heritage Farm neor Witford Hall and Lockland 
AFB One unit has 3 ond 2 baths; the other unit has 2 bedrooms and I bath. Bedrooms and living oreas are fully carpeted. Kitchens are equipped with range, dishwasher, disposal and refriq. Good income poten­ tial 

WORLD WIDE 

............ 

77R -M M B S X PEJ1P.R V 

8 acre farm . *5oo down paym ent, 
$78 per mo. Irrig ated (arm land in 
T e x as H ills. N e a r highw ay, w ell furnished. C a ll tor appointm ent to see 734-9598 
I 1* a cre , in O ak V illa g e N orth, 
$9,ooo or best offer. C all 824-2886. 

ACRE OF OAKS 
E n io y cam ping, fishing, canoeing on this beautiful wooded site In the 
H ill Country, o r b u ild a cou n try hom e back In the tail trees. $2oo down, $45 m onth at 7% %. C o ll 
Tom T aylor 494-5237 or 342-8581. 

(ACRES 
A L L O R F A R T • $749 P E R A C R E 
O nly m in from boot ram p a t Can­ yon Lako. O w n er w ill fin an ce at 
8% sim ple. B ill Hughes, B ro ke r, 
342-18o8. 

M E A D O W V I L L A G E 
Hic* comer lot goes with this beautifully maintained 
3-2-J, lofqe living, !amity rooms, fuHy i oipet rd much mare! Assume 
7% note at $236 mo with equity or refinance 
NEA* LA C U A MMC (UY 
Assume LOW poymenl of $142 mo. with LOW equity 
L 
4 A. - -A- - - — - A J— nuvi j oiwuofiD, aw if room, mony, mony extras! for detoh 
, 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 

K E Y G R O U P 

In B e x a r and W ilson Cou 
344-626* 
341-6$66 
684-5768 
CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC. 

In B e xar 
344-6268 
IO ACRES ami Up tor and W ilson Count! 

SPRING SPECIAL 

Country living loom* areo 
2 deluxe homes you better see! 
Reduced te buiioen cost for im­ mediate salt and possession 

$$9,9oo reduced t* $49,9oo. 
$79,5oo roam ed I* $69,9oo. 

Cool living in oak studded setting, next to Doeme s new toke 

C a ll c o lle c t 

1-249-2382,249-2764 

C O M A L C O U N T Y 
4 plus a cre s n e a r 281 and 46 with a re a to r m o b ile hom e o r hom e with fantastic view . U nder going p rice at only $13,2oo. E a s y term s. 
1o% down, 3o ye ars on balance at 
7%. 732-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 
C O U N T R Y C H A R M E R In D U N 

CANYON LAKE 
• H IL L S ID E LO T - B E A U T I F U L 
View • $14oo E asy T erm s 
•L a rg e Lot - T rees-N ear Lake 
And boat ram p - E osy T erm s 
Copt. E. Jones 

________ 923-6211_________ 
7’ a A C R E S C A N Y O N L A K E 
On paved road overlooking lako, lots of froes, good g rass. W ater e le c tr ic ity . N e o r T u rk e y C o ve 
M a n n a on S.A side of lake. W ill divlde-tlnance. 494-2727, 494-1931 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

A b s o lu te iy T e a u tiW a cre H ill Country ranch. C reeks, large oaks, and elm s, w ild gam e 
O nly $395 per a cre , w ith term s. 
Ranch M arko t (512) 824-o156. 
36 ac. - D evin e ( B ill G oodw in ), owner finance. Len n ard R ealty, 
734-6756 
775 ac. G illespie Co. Good hunting. 
Lennard R ealty, (B ill Goodw in), 
734-6756. 

D U T T 
L A Y . Owner. 3-1, 14x28 livin g. 9' c e ilin g s , c o n v e rtib le a ttic , own w ater. 1’ 'i acres. 1-426-3561. 

COUNTRY HOME 
A new 24oo sa.ft. b rick hom e on 7 irriga te d acres. N ew guest house, n e w b a r n , n e w t r a c t o r a n d equipm ent, and 2 fish ponds. O nly 
$75,ooo. C a ll 772-3o*9. O ron P. 
Colum bus. 

LYTLE REALTY 

A N D O V E R M O B I L E H O M E , 
12x64 ft. on 1o,ooo ft. v ie w lo t o v e rlo o kin g C a n yo n L a k e . 3 be­ droom , 2 bath , a ir co n d itio n e d , furnished. L ik e new. 516,5oo M el 
M ille r, 226-2324. 
_____________ 
7 bedroom home, Pebble Beach. 
Low. low down 
M e d in a L a k e , w a te rfro n t hom e and guest house on 3 lots. 
6*4-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
616 V A L U E , L l TY Life p 6 i ^ 
$29,5oo b u y s th is a d o ra le . lik e new, 2 bedroom , bath and a half home on L A K E L B J. The lot has o a k a n d f r u it tre e s , o n d is 
L A R G E — 1ooX26o, a c r o s s the street from the happy w aters of the la k e . In e x c lu s iv e s u b -d iv i­ sion. I fs a C h a rm e r. C a ll B E T T Y 
B R O W N 512-598-5257. F o x-G ib b s 
Real Estate____________________ 
C A B IN - M E D IN A L A K E 
A lam o Beach- 4 lots and turn. 
Cbbre. V iew tor m iles w ith lots of oak trees. P ric e d to sell now! 
C A L L R iley F lyn n N ites 698 2842 
512,95o 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6395 
Guy Chipman Co 

57 AC HAYS CO 
FM15o, big oaks, ow ner c a rry 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
126 ac., kln n ev Co., on Hw y (ow past U va ld e. E x c e lle n t hunting. 
513,5oo Down. 8%, IO yrs. Lennard 
Realty, 734-6756. 
8 acre farm . SSW down paym ent, 
$78 per mo. Irrigated fa rm land In 
Texas H ills. N e a r high w ay, w ell furnished. C a ll for appointm ent to see 734-9598 
7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S , Owner financed 
177 A cre farm near D evine, 56oo per acre, 29% down. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

SWT FARM t RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

'APPROXIMATELY 2(oo ACHS KE. 
LA SALLE CO. With Frio l i m fron­ tage 
2 met mobil* homos. 
Garage, hunting stands, numerous smoM fields Excellent huntmo and fishing, SmoN por­ tion et mmerak o ( 5 per aer* with good terms. 

,418 ACIES UL SAILE CO. % 
Mite Nueces trier frontage, $ miles West of Cotulla. 18o Acres irrigated famdond, nice house overlooking smell lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with mony 
,o88* improvements VS mineral! 
A real showplace $1oo per aer wrtti qood owner financing. 
(IE FETUS — 1— 879-2759 

9.o. l e i 5*3, C atalo, Tx. 
T M I* 

Third P o g e 

232 FU H S M O RANCHES 
738 COMMFBCIU PROPERTY 

W hat type R anch do you w ont? 
R A N C H M A R K E T 226-51*4 
Rf. I Box 221. San Antonio, 78218 
LEASE 

WILSON COUNTY 
A p p ro xim ately 2o a cres of fertile, sandy loom , old house, 2 hand dug 
I w ells, creek, paved road frontage 
J.M . Cullm an, R ealtor 
344-2341 

ROR JONES, REALTOR 

NORTHSIOE 

234 FARMS FOK KENT 
..... 

BOS Af rr>%’T o ^ ^ T e c M o ^ r y w r S . between Boerne and San Antonio. 
$4.oo aer acre. 512-438-2951. ____ 

236 
SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

3 ACRE LAKE on 6o t re e c o v e r e d a c r e s in 
Guadalupe County. Good fencing, w ater lin e, tra ile r house, b a rn , and co rra ls Ow ner financed 

Lari locators of Ten s 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 
42 acre live oak hills. Joins huge ranch, deer-turkey. $395 per ocre. 
Lib e ra l term s. 1-896-244o 

 bo A cre s, 51,2oo an o c re . N e a r 
D evine, 674-678o. _______________ 
S A C R # S - F a rm la n d , e x c e lle d soil. U valde area. O w ner finance. 
Call 9 to 5, 349-2613. 

ATASCOSA COUKTY 
4o* S a w 11 mite* Woe* 
JeurdoWon on Ta Hwy IT*. 
2oo aor** d ear**, hWM 
Oak*. In tow tow*, pond 
•tod! Sank mot wo*. Ix - 
(•Itont tone**. 
*3oo 
Pot 
Aero. 

WASON COUNTY 
4*7 Aero*, O miles Woe* of 
Floresville on Ta Hwy. 97. 9o aero* Peanut loin lent, ISO 

 u v V o S S rZ Z . h w e e iT S 
I 
-e-4— 
WU fun ra8 re re rn 
•• 
MW# wiw 

S m T w i * 5 * J S r s b f i z 
Acme. 

N ear San F ra n cisco Steak House. 
O fflc e -W o re h o u s e s p a c e . C a ll 
Sandy 
69o-899o, w eekends 
342-2934_________________________ 
N O R T H ilD E R E T A I L S P A C E 
11.ooo sa. ft. bldg on busy street. 
9c sa. ft. A L S O 258o sq ft new store Jo ck A lte r 342-4151________ 

NarttisiOe Warehouses 
2ooo sa- ft. and 28oo sa ft. w ith 
Low rent 
Jo ck 
A lte r 
342-4151________________ 
Over 21,4oo sa ft on Austin HwiT 
N e a r T e r r e ll P la x a S h o p p in g 
C e n te r. S m a ll o ffic e b u ild in g . 
Ideal to r n u rs e ry , used c o r lot, outo se rvicin g , etc. Ben L am b e rt 
Co. 1o51 Austin Hw y. 826-8*63 

RUHR REAL ESTATE 
CHAULK PUHI* 
Od DAVID B A K R 
I -393-2411 
1-393*2o14 

341 *5*6 ties. 
684-5768 
CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC. 
17 A cre s af $695 acre , off 281N. 
P re tty o ak s, e x c e lle n t hu nting. 
Jim Ashley R eal Estate 684 4276 
I ocres B u lverde estoies. 11 m ile from school. 494-5183 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
In T am arack Shores w ith lu ll ta- keview. New 14x74, tastefu lly fu r­ nished. 2 b ed ro o m . 2 b am F H A 
M obile Home. on la rge tree stud- 
P O P c a i C . V r,WUUc o— u r n ded to*' cen tral heat-air, 12x12 sun 
8 Y 
I deck, re frig e rato r plus m any ex- 
I tras. S u b -d ivisio n has e xce lle n t 
I p r iv a t e p o o l, p a r k s a n d b o a t 
I lau n ch in g fa c ilitie s M u st see to 
! appreciate. A b arg ain at 524,3oo! 
D A Y O R N IT E *55-6848 

 co u n try a cre a g e , betw een S A. and Canyon Lake, 828-2474 

HANDYMAN S DREAM 
Lakefront, pecans, 2 w ells 
14.86 ac, 3-1 stucco, tank 
828-o665 
736-1766 
675-o629 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

SO AC P F S - H u nters delight near 
G arn e r State P ark . $6,ooo equity and take over paym ents of 5233- w ill fin a n c e e q u ity o r ta k e s o m e th in g in t ra d e fo r e q u a l value. I 723-5841 or 1-724-65o7. 
22 a c re s h u n tin g c o u n try . $s4s down paym ent, $84.97 per mo. B ig deer, turkey, Ja ve lin a . On fence line of large ranch. Financed bv owner. 734-93*3 

ONLY 1 LEET 
A t fir s t th e re w e re m a n y , now w e've only on* of these beauties left. 3 bedroom s, w ith ce n tra l heat a n d re fin is h e d in s id e a n d out. 
F in d out w hy. this is such a good deal 

B O B B I L L A R E A L E S T A T E 
$34 88o8 
333 1468 
333 1764 
••••O n P re s tw ic k ! ^ b e d ro o m s, 
$17,75o. No down to anyono! Mob lanios Espanol 
92J 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

$17$ M O . N E A R K E L L Y . 3 b e ­ d ro o m s, sto ve . N o dow n to a n ­ yone. 1st paym ent M ay I 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
696742o 
R E A L T O R 
6*4-4149 
N e a r K elley- L a ck la n d areo , fey o w n e r, 2 b e d ro o m , I b ath , c a r* port, low equity C all *23 532o 
N E A R L A C K L A N D '! id a a T Tor sm all fa m ily w ith sm all budget. 2 bedroom tow nhom e w ith I bath and double c a rp o rt, c e n tra l a ir and heat, and a p p lia n ce s. O n ly 
587o e q u ity a n d ta k e o v e r paym ents of $148. *74-5411 
RED CARPET 

16 a cre s-b y o w n e r, p a ve d road overlooking Canyon Lake. Lots of tre a t, n e a r boat la u n ch . W ater- electricity. 2o m in. from 16o4 w ill divide, finance. 494-2727, 494-1931. i i* acres. I:, cent, utilities 
648-333oLG R IP P S R L T Y 648-Q448 
IO A c r e s E . o f B la n c o , s m a ll house, good.top soil, n ice trees. 
Jim A shley R eal E state 684-4276 

5.3 ACRES 

NILL COUNTRY VIEW 
R an ch er w an tt to sell n ear Tw in 
Sisters. $371o w ith ow ner fin a n c­ ing. 
M B G . 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
822-123*. 
22 a c re s h u n tin g c o u n try . i$4S down paym ent, $84.97 per mo. B ig doer, tu rkey, Ja ve lin a On fence line of large ran ch . Fin an ced bv owner 734 9363 

N O 
USS m o*') bedroom s, $2oo tor m ovein. 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
*96-742o 
R E A L T O R 
344-o93* 
-----------N6 O riW N TO V E T ----------- 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m hom e, paneled den, stove, re trig , la rg e fenced y a rd , paym en ts ch eap er than rent. See it today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y *73-14o1 o ftL Y s u o oT q UT t y 

16 ACRES 
H w y 4* f r o n t a g e , h a lf w a y b etw e e n B o e rn e o n d H w y 2*1. 
O w n er m u tt s e ll fast, is b u yin g other p roperty M ake an otter on th is O ak c o v e re d I* a c re s w ith p riv a te la k e in the m id d le . C a ll 
W a y n e L a M u n v o n . H B G . IN C . 
B roker, *22-1234. 

9 ACRES 
Just inside W ilson Co. O nly $17 m i from Loop 41o A lso T tx o s V e te r­ ans land a vail. 
344-62*o 
341-*$** 
*95 3113 
CONNALLY 

HELOTES 
6 A cre s P lu s B eau tifu l H ill, can see to the N orth Pole ond to the 
M e xica n B o rd er. Sell, w orth tho 
M o n e y . F in a n c e d b y o w n e r. 
695-89o5, 695-32o5. 
HT r g t t ' 
I R E E K ' R A N T h j A C R E A G E T R A C T S . Low down, 
*84-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y i S H ill C ountry a crea. $i25 down i paym ent, $34.89 per mo. B eau tiful 
I v ie w s , b ig tr ees.7% % s im p le inter C oll 734-7964 
Hom esite* from I to 5 acres, south of San Antonio in pretty sub-dtvi- sran. P ric e from $35oo to $1o,ooo. 
I 924-8115. 337-4927 
M Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
L A rid E B U IL D IN G SlTfe------ 
I m ile north from Loop N W de- i 
I s ir e d lo c a tio n , d e e p s o il o n d wooded area. W ater, e le ctricity , and phone Paym en ts of $42.79 at 
I 7% sim p le In te re st o tte r s m a ll down pmt L e t Pelter, 679-7729. 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s to m b u ilt 1-3 A c r e s . O a k t r e e s , h il l c o u n t r y . N o r t h - 
N o r t h w e s t. H o m e s r e a d y to m o v e in t o . F i n a n c e d . W e c u s t o m b u ild . H a v e 1 -3 -5 o c r e t r a c t s a v a il a b le . W e c o n s i d e r t r a d e s . S a w y e r 
C o n s t. C o . 
733-o4o9 
494-2743 
I 
L A R G E T R A I L E R LO T $447o 
' a a cre , have others 
73* 17*6 
828-o*6$ 
*98-2o1o 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

(1a n y 6 n i A * e - B Y A w n e r 
5 a cre s on paved road o verlo o k­ ing lake, n ear boat launch Lots of tre e s , w a t e r - e le c t r ic it y , w ill divide, finan ce. 494-2727, 494-1931 
L a k 

128 ACRES 
L iv e O ak Co. A ll b ru s h , g ood hunting. F M road frontage, som e m inerals. $395 per acre 

VESTUTO 
854-1o15 
47 A t R E S 

MOTHS . 38 Units aith tote, lounge, party hall, on* shops Good income teosonoWy patio Resort 
OTOO. 
APARTMENTS • 25 Units new Won- declond midi. trick construction, fully rentod Swimming pool, laun­ dry room ond covered pocking (ric­ er) to self 
24 Units near Lockland AFB. Fully rented, fully furnished, foundry rooms, low down payment low cost per unit High income 
TOWER VIEW INC. 
7 3 2 - 6 1 5 7 

S P A C E F O R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A R D 
674-2181 or 695-3447 

26oo SQ .FT., air-hoat, nice display a re a , 2317 V a n c e J a c k s o n R d 
$65o month. 735-o941. 696-7777. 
$,ooo sq .ft. c o m b in a tio n o ffic e w a re h o u se s p a ce at 4o21 N a co 
P e rrin . 18c sq.ft. 653-3773.________ 
S T O R A G E S P A C E F O R R E N T 
1,ooo sa f t . 2oc s.ft. 6o6 w H ilde ­ brand 735-o961, 694-7777. 

 e f t ) 

C a n y o n hom e. $65,ooo 
522,5oo 
L A K E H O M E 
I 9*4 319o 

M arble F a lls area, paved road, 2 b e d ro o m ra n c h ty p e h o m e on blurt w ith m ag n ificen t view , c a r ­ peted, paneled, Ben F ra n k lin F P , 
________________ e le ctricity, telephone, 4 enclosed new L a k e v ie w hunting blinds, stock tank, deer. 
W eeken d hom e, dove, q u a il and o th e r gam e A 
R E A L T Y ' a u ie t p la c e to re la x . V L B lo a n 
I m ay be assum e C a ll L.H . Schen- d e l, R E A L T O R -o w n e r ( S I I ) 
658-4766 (N ) 658-27*2. SH OW N B Y 
A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y ._________ 
342 A C R E S . 25 m l % of S.A., A la s 

KST UTTU RANCH 
IN KKR COUNTY 

3*7 Acres, axceRoat gracing for stock, 4 pastures, good fences, door and turkey. Comfortable J bedroom ranch house, (effect retreat or home. Excellent finan­ cing. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

IN C 
P.O.Box 51 
Ingram, Texas 78o25 
(M N E : (512) 3A7-S31I 
(512) S47-25M 
[512) 547-5592 

(512) 2 5 7 -M W 

 rn 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B I L E L O T 
1o,ooo sq. ft fantastic view. Pool, boat ra m p n e a r by. $14oo. $1oo down, 78 mo. at $21.43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M I L L E R 
22o-2324 
E ^ fk ld lis N C Y ifo n d o m in iu m n , 
Port A ran sas, U nit B-*. BoyT ree. I 
Tennis and yacht club P rice d for im m ediate sate bv owner. Contact 
Jo ck E ckels, 8 to 5. 512 224-4281 

FOR SALE BY OWNER 
Southside of Canyon Lake, u n su r­ v e y e d a c r e a g e , 5 a c r e s p lu s . 
B e o u tilu l v ie w of the la k e a n d h ills , n e a r b o a t r a m p . C A II 
824-8421 or 826-893* w eektnds-oft 

FO R T C L A R K S P R IN G S C h a rie r 
M em bership, w ill sell o trade. No 
I r e a s o n a b le o ffe r r e fu s e d . 
I 225 32o1; *4o-2*22 a fter t ;3opm 
H 6 M E W ltH " 2 )* Ii w ore- ronT 
I f-aunes Sub. No. 2. In protocted cove. H a s own good w e ll, 3 out b u ild in g s fo r sto ra g e . H a s ow n boat la u n ch . C o m p lete w ith sea w all ond dock. 
*o4-4311 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

2oTa 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
A cres, 77 m iles east of io n 

Lack la n d T e rrace, beautiful 3 be­ d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e w ith den, carpet, c e n tra l o lr, w orkshop, ond i j A C R E S m uch m ore! C o ll how 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y *73 14o1 

A ntonio, on IH-1o. $15,ooo total 
C all: I:*?: A M ond I:-I2 : P M 
7 3*-*417 
"J m i out of City lim its on 111 So. $15oo. per a cre, easy 

OWNER SAYS SELL 
3-2-1, a ir and cen tral heal, carpet and a ll the e xtra s. C a ll and see who! a deal you can hay*. 

BO B B I L L A R E A L E S T A T E 
$34-8oo8 
333-14*8 
333-17*4 p t ia f a v a l l e y - Seoul;; t y m 
. ce n tra l h e a t-air, den, fire p la c e , carpet, built-ins. C all today 
333-4144 
N ile s 333-4143 

C e n t u r y 21 
SO U TH E A S T R E A L T O R S 

SOUTHWEST 
G re a t potential, 3-1-1 in excellent condition tor n tw lv weds or re tir­ ee. 
P rice d in low 2o't. 
N u ts 
*$3 1191. 
ASA*344I 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP ce bedroom , 2 bom home 

246 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

A A I ^ & A . k " " F O R v I V T f i ; droom*. IV* baths. $159 mo. June 
1st paym ent. 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
*9* 742o 
R E A L T O R 
349 9278 
M 
'M 'i b H 
'l l -------------- 
A lm o st now 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th with country kitchen $15oo equity assum e V A loan. *$*-1234 

RED CARPE!_ _ 
A L L W E ? p A lU f I w a h to cock* land 3 bedroom beauty O nly $2oo d o w n . $ i$ 9 m o n th ly . H u r r y ! 
922 17o*. *74 75o9, *73-4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
, A M ^ B ig 'm 
T 
' r m w r asw n, 
N o down paym ent to anyone 3 4 ; n ; | mo bedroom s. 2 baths, som a with a ir | j 4 j r e a l t y *74-o1o3 A nytim e and oil applian ces F irs t paym ent ; m i~ uTT n r o m 
Kelly. N ice 4 bedroom , $2$o down. 

Three bedroom . 2 bath hom o. plus d u p le x a n d o d io in iitg lo t w ith co m m e rcia l poten tial. G ro a t for livo-in sm alt business, p a rtic u la r­ ly a u to re la te d . N e a r K e lly on busy street 342-3211 A N Y T IM E 

5 
P 
M y 
. U 
I 

 term s 924-****. *23-1932 
~A<n*s 16ITI 1 South o* Loop 4id! 
Old Piesasanton R d *9o-oo31 or 
*9*-$182__________________________ 

 a c P t s neor H itutus, good well. fence, tre e s, e le c tric ity $3o,ooo with $4,ooo down. 2o y rs at O' a%. 
*95 89o5 , 695-32o5. 
------------------I T R I r n ------------------ 
N eorSom erset C o u n try liv in g at its bast H ave g arden and soma c h ic k e n s a n d b e a u tifu l tre e s . 
C ecil O rrick 
Don Sm ith B ro k e r 
735-oooo 
19 A c re's* o ff I'H lT T o sT ' T iV o r 
U n iversal 
City, good land. 
65o-3396 
_ _ _ _ 
•, AuT-T ->4‘ on per in a non! crook, bug* trees, 2mt Canyon lako. Jim 
A shley R e a lty 226-7774 

INSIDE 16o4 
Jo n * * - M a f ts b o r g e r fr o n ta g e north of Thousand O aks JI acres, reasonable term s 
Owners anxious 
J.M . Cullm an, R ealtor 
512 344 2341 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 
Lot 153' x ^o*' on road t>* ti ■ 
* 
SIo,ooo C A SH 695-3624 eves. 
M edina (Elver. 5 ii acts on water, p a ve d road , tre e s, u tilitts. $4oo down, $48 m o 3*4 6187 
JO m inutes hoi im ol San Antonio, $ ocres, $58oo, fin an cin g a vailab le by owner. 534-48/6 

Coso C o ..C re e k , a c c e s s co u n ty rood aroun d p ro p erty. 1-569-4*83 days, otter 6,1 369-2277 
ISO acres near Sm iley. G onzales 
County *6oo per acre. Old w ell a il in p a stu re . F ro n ts on H w y 87, term s a vailab le 
924-8116. nites 
1-587-3126 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E st i r a n ------------------ 
R ailro ad frontage, m iles south of 
Loop 41o on Southton Rd. $2,ooo par acre. 455-7713 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 
*6 A cre s, W ilson to , S to ckd a le area, good w ater, im provem ents < 
$6oo on pere. 532-48o7. 64o o232 
57 ACS. T rees, C oastal, H unting cabin . 5795-oc. O w n e r fin an ced . I 
Bobbie Anderson, G R E IN -C A M P 
B E L L R E A L T Y , S.A. 658-5131. 
1-379-2*34 
It b eau tifu l H ill C o u n try ,A c re s 
5385 dow n p a ym e n t $59.4o p e r m o. L o ts of g a m e . S p e c ta c u la r 
I view s 
C a ll fo r appointm ent 
I 734-79*4 
<t ti. w a fI L r e a l t y 
Good selection F o rm s-R an cltas 
I 1-379-5*93 1-379 571o 
Seguin. Tx. 

W I L S O N C O U N T Y 
113 ACRES 
All in Costal lomuida. 12" it- ngotwn well; imgotion ond hoy making equipment. 3 blWocm back heaw; 2 Wa* hay shod*; mc* stack goad, stacked with fish Ideal for regBtared anile, quarter hen*, dairy, *r eg*ration 

^Catl O N . F r a t a r 
W ils o n C o u n t y R e a lt y 
ONN*. J O I-* !e l 
MoMtoi l9 » -* * t1 
. 
UMI 3*3-* 142 ______ . 

A r iririb x i A t t t i : i 
City lim its on IH37 So $4oo. down, | no r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y te rm s . 
924-66*6. 423 1932________________ 

BANDERA RD. 
IN S ID E L O O P 41o, 3'a a c r e s , lo rg e hom e g u e st h o u se , p o ol, high traffic count. Ideal for b usi­ ness and home. $94,5oo. Nites, 
494-2116. 
494-7711 
DON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

BARGAIN BUY 
E L M IO A T S A N P E D R O 
P rice d to sell q u ickly. Offtce-stor- oge shed on .166 acre enclosed by fence 
Jim W agner 344-2341, o28-744o 
BO B JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

CAFE-KNIPM 
On hwy, fully equipped, pool hall, low down, ow ner c a rry 7’ >% 
87o-o66$ 
734-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
C H 61CE property and a real buy. 
Point and body shoo with 3 stalls. 
O S H A A p p ro v e d S p r a y p a in t booth, and a separate residen ce on I ocre. Top notch condition. In 
Randolph arca. 
JO E J A R E S R E A L T Y 
63o-3144 
63o-3743 
C om m ercial property fronting S 
St. M a ry 's and S. P re s a Zoned 
••J” , 1o9x49 lot, Ho* sign incom e, excellen t location tor artic* w a r­ ehouse Loren D ru m . o24-o621 
Deanie Owens Co. 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8.ooo sa. rt. new m ason ry buildin g for sale, near e xp re ssw ay, easy term s for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa ft.. M ason ry bu ild in g for lease, m onth to m onth or long term . 
4,5oo sq. tt. buildin g w ith 75o sa. It 

1.34 acres zoned business. 188 ti. frontage, adjacent railro ad , neor active shop center, indu strial. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
____________________ out af of nice offices. L a rg e fenced lot. near expressw ay. 
P E A C O C K , R E A L T O R S . 824 OSU 
W A R E H O U S E 4ooo sa ft close to 
S 
A lam o and 
S. 
F lo re s 
St 
226-8397. 
2o7 
W" 
C E V A L L O S 
(D O W N TO W N ) 
B R A N D N E W M A S O N R Y W A R ­ 
E H O U S E . 45oo sa.ft. at 12c per sq.ft. 2o tt. c e ilin g 
R .R . S p u r. 
C lo se to e x p re s s w a y C A R L O S 
S A N C H E Z . Agent. 222 1o92 
I 4ox4o B U S I N E S S L O C A T I O N . j N O R T H S JD E ^ A L L ^ 7 3 M o 4 ^ ^ ^ 

‘242 - I8oUSTWW W S R ! ! 
IOU s o t 

IN D U S T R IA L L O T S '» A cre and up. Zoned 1-1; fu lly d e ve lop e d . 
V.I.P. P a rk . E asy term *. 433 1489 

244 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

! 5 7 f f c r T o a ? r 7 T n r ^ T 7 r ! ? 5 u t 
: fenced In yard. C o ll 227-541; ort. 4, 

246 INDUSTRIAL WAFTED 

41o-IH-35N. $2oo M on 484 38oo 

C o m m e rc ia ! B u ild in g B a ra n i 
32oo Sa F L c o rn e r lo t, $1oo 
Flore s 
Owner w ill hand 
923 4517______ 
______________ 
D O W N TO W N IM3S 
I 
Corn er of access, good exposure, 

LAKEFRONT AFT 

Leat* this furnished, room y, HOO 
COUNTRY LIVING sq. ft. d u p le x . A ir c o n d itio n e d . 1 o cr*» m coastal, road trontago, stops to w ater, carp o rt. $15o per n (o r 
C a la ve ra s. 
Low p n c t, mo. plus utilities 
SI 2-494-2237 
L A K E M C Q U E E N E Y . Owner tin anced. s p lit-le v e l 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b oth , c e n tra l o ir-h e o l, c a rp e t, d ra p e d . $33,ooo. I $57-5991. N o agents please m e o iM a l a k e 
W ani to sell, lease or rent your p ro p e rty? C o ll us 
*95 8o11 Watson A Son 1-751-2811 
Mfe D i n (Tat I v 'i it "f A o n T A d ! o v e r 333 ft. r iv e r fro n ta g e . 3-2 home, cen tral heat and a ir Boau tiful trees, m ust see to appreciate. 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

 near 
$25,ooo 

L A N D for country livin g, fa rm in g o r re cre a tio n , 2o-35 m ilo s fro m 
1 SA, neor P leasan ton ond F lo re s ­ v ille O w ner and V eteran tinanc 1 
I mg available. 
12A cres, nice pond, trees 
15 A cres, live oak troos 
25 A cres, coastal or fa rm la n d 
5o Acros, brush, m osquito, pond 
IOO Aero* D oor, lo Velma. 
B ru sh and m esquite t T E X M A C R E A L T Y , SA 224-oo81. otter hrs Pleasan ton 1-3*9 3382 

LANDOWNERS 
W e have at present a Ust of Texas 
V e ts, w ho h a v e re c e iv e d th e ir application (q u ick solo), looking tor land N orth of S.A. lf you ore interested In sellin g, please give us a call. 

LAND LOCATORS OF TEXAS 
S.A. 667-1154, 667-1333 
3o m inutes north of San Antonio. 5 

 easy a ccessib ility, shop or artic*. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 87o-7521 

EXCELLENT BUSINESS 

LOCATION 
1443 W H ildebran d, lust oft IH-1o 
Quick possession. T e rm s flexible 

I titan Waalsev 735-6876 
G 6 6 b 4 « 6 » T ( l U i ! Y x . r d 

• A L A M O H E IG H T S * 
I or 2 room office availab le. R e a ­ sonable R L. S te w art, o2o-1221 
514o Broadw ay j 
$3o A N D U P 
I B v airpo rt. S ecreta ry-a n sw e rin g service a vailab le 494 5283 

13223 NACOGDOCHES RD 
P e rfe c t tor re a l ostat* o r in su r- 
I anc* busin ess R e ce p tion room . 
I la rg e p riva te o ffice. 4 salesm en offices, large p kg lot. $3oo m o N et 
I c o b b 
___________________ 
. _ . _ . w ar* ond lum ber in M edin a L ako j tease. *98-2934 evos-woekonds area Owner w ill finance, 
*o4-4211 OF 711-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

TERRILL REALTY 

N ile s *84-o13$ ocres, $58oo. fin an cin g a v a ila b le by owner. 534-887*_______________ 

MOVING IO BO ERNE?* 
O l d 13 A c re oak c o v e re d 
C H O I b uildin g overlooking runm site on a gentle hillside ling 
V E R Y N IC E 3-2-2 B rick homo on i stream 

IO A ir* * , p le n ty of o ak tre e s , 
• ;><a p eta ly fenced, 14X7o’ m obile hom e. d ouble c arp o rt* 2 b a rn s. 

 in M ay. 

332 3231 
B O B D e P A O L O 
R E A L T O R 
No Credit * No p ro b le m ' 932 17o6, 
673 4714, *74 75o9 
PA T M C V E Y K E A L E S T A T E 
I 
----- 4 7 4 ^ 'A iiU M ^ 4 '/5 L--------- 
I Bedroom Both, Range. Carpet 
F e ru e , C a rp o rt B oy E q u ity or 
Refinance Coll 
T E X V E T R E A L T Y 4 JI 444o 
1 A T TK A C T I V E L b e d ro o m 
I '"'i 
Poth, *ox24o rt lot on E H ardin g 
Coli tor inform ation 
9334327, 
I 924-7922 
I-.*- . 
R o n a ld W illia m s o n fmance^kft’ i f f om-J h 
I B< A 
ITTEL EV 

3 bedroom , 7 baths near S. P re ­ sa St T tra s a A c a d e m y 923-o7o3, 
724-7o4o A M E R IC A N R E A L T Y 

339 BONNELL 
B ric k trim , 19oo s a lt, carp et central, corner, trees. *4o-oo73 
•2oo*45 
73*1766 
73*4117 
W A TS O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 
• V O W N E R . B * H u .t* E d itio n . 
1 ne a. oom , 2 b a th , e a rn e r lo t. 

HI, only $1oo down tor a Mkt new I bedroom , lust $155 m onthly C a ll now! 922 ITO*. *74 7So9. *73 4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
B t A u r m n — r m r w B r o 
T O W N H O M E . C h e a t* fro m It 
Just S2oo down, paym en ts tra m 
$163 922 17o6, *734714, *74 75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
I bedioom house, d e s* lo k e lly and L a c k la n d A F B . B v O w n e r, 
4918 E lid e ll 73 3 4 581 

 p a ym e n t. 3 b e d ro o m , g a ra g e i $12,95o M ust see to believe C all now before its loo lata 
H obiom ot Espanol 
R A E R E A L E S T A T E 474 *124 d U Y fc 4 £ M V 1ow nVom *"wIYK 
[ c e n t r a l H -A . $1o8 d a w n . O lio m onthly. 
922 17o*, 
*74 7 SOV, 
*7347)4 
I 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
- ^ r m r k T f r s T T A T T S — 
Nothing dawn ta on yon# I C lan I 
I bedroom , 2 bath, 2 c o r g a ra g e , t m u r e x ce n tra l a ir heat. 

 i A S T i l b l , f a V n e r L e i. a a a ? 
923-19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

O rT iire s t od b ric k , c o rn e r 1* 1, 
3-2-1, liv in g roo m , d in in g room . 
*o 'in ly room . breakfast area 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R S 
333 o*4o 
6*1 3322 

DON’T BRIN6 MONEY 
B u n g your paint bru sh No down r yarent to anyone 3 4 bedroom s oath s, sam * w ith a ir a n d a p ­ pliances 
P aym en ts le ts than rent. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
532-5251 ______________ R E A L T O R 
D U P L E X 7 i d * en co rn e r tai in d ivid u a lly fenced yard. Range, d isp o sal and double sin k Good investm ent Tate! $26,5oo 
Century 21 
R R R A N S O M R 1 A L T V *73 77o1 
E a s t C e n tr o !, l ’ j a c r e , 4 be- 
Broom s, 2 baths. 
REN FRO R E A LT Y 
*22 33*1 

C o lis e u m , r e d e c o r a t e d 
9o2 
Canton. 2 Bedroom *, I L ith. h r* 
• la c e , d a u b * g a ra g e ll* .9 o o . 
N am ing down. V A , P M A term s ar 

R E A L T Y 922 

EVERYTHING YOU’VE 
WANTED 
I 
The dream house a v a ila b le thru o w n e rs tra n s fe r P riv a t e pool. b u ilt in kitch en , double ca r g a r ­ a g e M a s te r is fa b u lo u s ! C a ll | 
S h am e Legnon SII 71*1, J U *128 
R O E JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP _ 

E xce lle n t intern# p roperty 7 unit apartm ent building, fully fu rn ish e d , se p a ra te m e ta ls. 
C a ll O lga tor details 

[RA 
JACA MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
R e a lt o r 
6 7 3 4 1 o 8 f OB S A L M I V O W N l h , I T R 
H ays St., B ric k star* b u ild in g, 3 rant houses o il adlum ine, SI2,5oo.1 
S L. M oyas, Box 643. C ry s ta l City. 
T x 512 174-3*48_______________ 

HIGHLAND NILLS 
Outstanding J la rg e bedroom s. I b a in . d o u b le g a ra g e , s e p a ra ta livin g and dinin g roam s, c e n tra hoot and a ir approx 14oo sa. ti , carpet and fireplace, 121.5oo 

Van B eta I Assoc 
*84 7171 
*99-oo** 
734471* i - i - r ’ i ’ A 
1, 
L a c k la n d T e rra c e assum e ar refinance M rs Joan son *71-314*, Arter 5 *73 389* 
L a c k la n d T e rra c e '"W v o w n e r. 
1 2 -2, ce n t a ir n e at. cav p a tio . la rg e fen ced ya rd , 18o% A u stin pink slane, $28,8oo *84 4o*8 pit 3 l o w s i l l M O 'fu r J l ' t g a rag e, air. ne dawn ie anyone 
W A Y N E S L A T E R 
*9* 742o 
R E A L T O R 
344 o914 
9 T it ( V I I T T : b r o o m s , V , b a th s , liv in g re a m p lu s d e n 
$21,OM Tok# d iou* lu a u , 
IN T E R S T A T E B2o47SS til I pm 
M c m i U m r V A a p p r a i s e c l 
$13,4oo with new roof R eal m c* 2 bed ro o m an cut d e -sac A pond buy. call now Owner anxious- 
H U G H E S * B R IS C O E 
*344331______________R E A L T O R S 

P i ac I v o u e w a n i a p 
IN IHS tXPdlS S NOWS 
C A U 31$ 1**4 

V A L L E Y HI N O R T H 
O H U r 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th bom a with double carp o rt, but bk* new 
Carpet, new self cleaning ran#*, tre e s , a n d m u ch m o r e l V A no down paym ent 
I 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y *73-14o1 
V A L L t V n i T V I . r o n u e .ir fdgT: d is h w a s h e r a n d la n c e d y a rd . 
Equity and assum e $!S7 per rn*. 
Century 21 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

 io v n 'f Bldg N, » >ool, con c u t. 3 1 x 4 * ', 25 x o 2 ’ a n d 9 o '. 
] *23-2331, *75-222) 

RED! ULT HOMES arew I b d rm - 3 both hom es 
2 B drm , I both horn#* 
W E B U IL D A N Y SIZE 
D O D SO N L E R __________ *24-225* 
( i i 4 lo o m from * houses. Ie ire 
; void and tnee*. After $ w kdavs. att day Sunday, 244-71)4 i i IM A L L 7 U o s o o m h 6 iJ I T i $1,ooo each Ona lf bo m - It BR* chan, II b a th s. 2ox174ft. M o te l b ld g M oved $14,ooo «24-22S* 
I ~ftT* lu g douses t a * 1 M a v e J ' m - HOUSES, SALE DR KBIT 

B s r o r T O r c r c m r n x T : 
3-3, U S B a r r e r a , n e a r b u s , s c h o o ls $13,ooo. b v o w n e r, 
>24424* ar art com 7344554 

22S SUBDK8AX PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
D t v in t , T e x a s 
1 **3-4558 

S A Direct UM 62612oo 
A b S O lU T F i r a r u J ffu i, *wn*r- b ro k tr m u tt salt t -rn tout north sida, 4 bedroom ad rack house, on 
I tree th o u e d acre s. E x tra s re­ c la d * . p u t b u ild in g a n d b a rs e facilities dotter H u rry an this ana a t $7*.SOO B r o k e r s p ro te c te d 
John b u llp o ll 243 4ode 

AC CANA GROVE 
B rick 3 1 4 , dan, fire place 
182o-o**$ 
724-174* 
12444)9 i 
W A TS O N 6 SON R E A L T O R S 

~ O A ( N O R T H ' 
- 
I Corn er, paved I sides, bid trop* 
121-o*4$ 
724-I74* 
7)44117 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
A g i l f A f t l H A M I {IT R ------- 
N W of S a n A n to n i* in B e x a r , 
Com al K e n d all Co *. M O a cre s or M ara 

U tility g re e n house, w orksh o p room . *88 35oo 
I i* ' K i t * R io M edina on 
R iv e r, 815oo. A c re . 514-4711 i i K W 
! «lH» ti anlage ^ n" *, an 
Antonio R iv e r, lust south at Loop 
41o. tra n ta p a en V llle m in R d 5 livin g units 
T erm s, aw ner 
; financed 
H U G H E S * B R IS C O E i 92*4311______________R E A L T O R S 

R U N S! A l ACRE i H ill Country M obile Hom e site, l l i m in N orth on San P e d ro . O nly 
; SH OO , S lo e d a w n , i l l *4 p a r m onth., at o % ta r 144 m onth s 
T h is o n e w e n t la s t lo n g C a ll to day I 494-3419 • L A K E C H O F T u t-: A t B B T A T I 

APPROX. IOO ACRES 
I T o lle y R o o d , N W , lu s t IO m in . tram San Antonio, b eau tifu l scan 
Ile c o u n t r y . J E R R Y B A C O N 
R E A L T O R 
4*42195. 
*2117)5. i a -2222 
A ppl , m utely i fCTPS. fceopWuI 
(rem et? d«v*iop# m *nt Fin* 

M A C R E A L ( S T A T E 82o-2521 

 n eoriy 4 acre* in the country 
I 
4 A C R E G A R O E N SPO T, south of fawn on paved road 
** Y R . O L D H O M E , on M ore St 
C om m ercial Lot 
44 A C R E S of R ich Bottom Lan d on perm anent creek 

ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
1o5 Sounders. Boerne, T x 
249-152*, 
249 2o4o. 
24942*4 
S A d irect line o249117 
N g A h M g fe k E !, acreage iro cfs 
Owner financed 
*o44211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

NORTH 3Vj ACRE 
Out Son P td ro , 15 minute*. Oaks. soil. view tar mite* P aved road. 
! C o op e le c tric . $o5oo, te rm s by owner 
Bob 
Sm ith, 
*942o93, 
| 4944777 

N O R T H O F F IM IO 
IS TO M IN U T E D R IV E 
IS bedroom , 4 a c rts , pool, forge barn 
4 bedroom , J acres, tu e s) house 
4 bedroom , I aero*, stable* 
J bedroom . 4 ocres, stables 
Als# c a ll us tor a cre a g e h o m e ­ site* 494 21o7, 149-2*o7 
B I L L P R I C E R E A L T Y 

RETIREMENT SPECIAL 
N E A R S E Q U IN , 7 g a it c o u rs e s a n d c o u n t r y c lu b - 
R iv e r | p riv ile g e s - fish . sw im . b o atin g . m e a 2 b e d ro o m h o m e , la r g e | c o rn e r lot- tre e s , id e a l g a rd e n i soil M O R E ! Just $1145o 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
179 5947 
S E G U IN , T C X { 
3o1 E 
K in g sb u ry P.O. Box 1172 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n s a s P a s s a r P o rt A ra n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 G o rd in a 
712 11*3 

R E A L T O R S 
M LS 
5 i i i I,, . d>-d a cre s, )• m inutes tram dow ntow n S A , an d iv id e d 
US Hw y HOO irrig a te d o cre s in cultivation or in coastal berm uda. 
P ro p e rty h ig h ly im p ro v e d w ith good p oten tial for developm ent, v s m in e ra ls to be c o n v e y e d . 
C h a p a rro s o A g ri-S e rv ic e , 2ooo 
H BC 
Bldg 
San 
Antonio. 
Tx 
513-777-51o1 
D E S P A R A flO N S A L I 
I* JO irrig a te d ocres, oft P e a rsa ll 
Rd 5-2 with cen tral tar and heal p lu s s m a lle r I b e d ro o m . (Aith, liv in g room an d k itch e n , la rg e sto ck ta n k, c o m p le te ly fe n ce d , reduced to S57.SOO 

HELOTES AREA 
A c ro s s fro m R a n c h T o w n .-IO acres, ISO It. frontage on B andera 
R d . B e a u t if u l M o u n t a in T o p 
B ocks up to G ra y Forest. $25,ooo. nites. 494211*. 
494-7711 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KET BBOIIP 
Monett Lumber Co 
(F A R M A R A N C H R ealtors) 
- Dependable Since 1935'' 
4o7 N Zarzam ara, 432-7881 
S U T U R A L W A T f m T A 'g ' 
_____________________ 
C u rly m esquite, live oaks, ten et I in dow ntow n B o ern e. N ew root, tnrulu iAiOm fiAAfl (in iu irin a 
I ....__ < a s_ 
__..i_ re sn. 
Approx 

Hill Counlry 

Oojortunily 
84ooSq.FIT massanry bldg 

 sandy I adm , good financing 
824o4*5 
73417*4 
*73-o*29 
W ATSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
N e w A r a u n f e ls - H ill C o u n lr y 
Prop erty Scheel A Assoc. R ealty 
*47 
S 
Seguin, 
N. 
B rau n fels 
*23-oo71 
11s.d oak c o v e re d a c r e s , v ie w o v e rlo o k in g s p rin g tad le k * . I w alls, fenced, sm all cottage. 2o1 
N orth O wner. *o41757 

(512) 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
S35o p e r acri 
V x v 
H 
I U 
I f 
A l 
19.7o a cre s tro ct Leak* 

23o LOTS j T K r T o ! r ? lH p ! r e r ,T p n n 9 * " p ’ r w a te r, e le c tr ic it y , S e p tic tan k 
$5,ooo *49 149o 
B ld ' L’f t f o il' 6uk 

BABCOCK NORTH reap hp use 6 42-2 brie 
_ b rick don. carpet, ce n tral, assum e *379 
824o*45 
7)417** 
*73-o*29 
W A T S O N A SON R E A L T O R S 

RACK TO NATURE 
N orth e lf the t»m itn tract. Lovely 
J I den, M re p io te d hem *42ox27 
• a n te ro o m 6 * w im pool A c re s to room 49452o1, 494-2o43 
H ILL C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 

BANDERA 
J nu south af tow J ac an a h ill a s k in g , $3,491, w ill c o n s id e r offers 
Biti 
Hughes, 
B ro ke r, j 341-1*41 
I 

~ BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak fr a t M udded aer*, IO m il** n * rth p f to w n . H a s w a te r a n d e le ctricity on w ide paved roods 
O w n er m u st s a il q u ic k ly , tittle d o w n w ill t in a n c * b a la n c * . 
497 1731, eves, o22-9251 r m 
* 6 6 M - g g * K M 6 a r n der**. P ire p io .:* 
A e e rn * . 
B O E R N E 

OM MOSS M R K 
5 re t i a c re M a m a sltts , s m in . from B lanco ond 1*o4. aw ner fin ­ anced. custom building a vailab le 
497 3*2o a r M I A 7147____________ 
Older bm -goad re p a ir-China 
G rey* 
*4o 212oLG R IP P S A L T Y 644o441 
O ver 7 aero* H t el i ' A“ ~ 7om oi | 
County, a ll utilities *5415o9. 

PICK A RETREAT 
I l l a cre s near B la n co w ith 2 ba- dtaom . I bath residence, ranees, landscape, view , im m acu alt* 
1 condition 
OR 
IO a e ro * n e a r K e r r v ille w ith b e a u tifu l d o u b le w id e m o b ile hom e P e rfe c t w eekend or re tir em ant home. L u cille B ie rsch w a le 
144 2141, 344 5549 
A O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

L p e a le d n ear r a n c h 
R E A L T Y 2247171. r o w a , U V A ! ------------ 
L o v e ly t-2-2 w ith fo rm a l liv re * and dining room plus fa m ily room with fireplace, b eau tiful oak traas 

R iv e r fro m I a cre * f t i o dow n paym ent. S I)) 39 per m e C rys ta l c le a r w ate r. B e a u tifu l v ie w s et 
T e ia s H ills . Shew n by a p p o in t­ ment caw 7249243 b M f e ld H d t life a L f V------ 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E , TEXAS 
149-147o, 249 1545, 249 254* 
TOU t lf~T'Vodro*m, I baft, II m a i pnry I lC o il, 6)41544 

A u d i t 
$36,ooo ar 
Conventional, only 
SOUTHEAST i School D istrict 

OON SMITH CO 
*9o 244o 
B R O K E R 
49o 32*1 
A creop* tracts, sm a ll dawn, sm all m onthly beou tilul oaks, ne rock ar cedor C o ll M ogae 343 ISI* 

ACREAGE TRACTS 
| In the country. N orth at S A tram 
: I ta IO aero* Owner financed C a ll 
Jim H aiilpy, braker S A d ia l d ir ­ ect 497 1*21 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
North, fenced, well, co ac electric. w id e p a v e d ro a d . V ie w m a n y 
1 m ile s af d ista n t m o i,"io ta s c e n ­ e ry 
M u c h m e re . R e b S m ith 
*98 3o91, 494*777 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
3417113 
R E A L T O R S 

BOERNE 
J te o io o m , J bath, I large hying area, idee breakfast areg. garden sp a ce an I p e r t R u b y W rig h t 
344 2341, 342 5847 
BO B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

X L Y M 
I 
F 

CLOSE IN ACREAGE 
IO A c r V f r a c t s , o w n e r ti 
I M M t* l l A M oak traps 
Van B aru I t a l c 
*84 7171 
*99-o6** 
454*4o1 

 t d r r y j 

IN IMI f le e t ! ! N fW i 
C A U 71$ 146* 

! Lo V ern ia School D istrict 2 ocres. 
O nly $1oo dawn end easy term s 
H E O R E A L E I T A T E . 937 7441 

SPRING IS HERE! 
R E A L L Y xiiio v it an two a cre s riv e r fr o n t P e c a n an d C y p re s s tre e s , e o rd e n s o il a n d lu s h p re sses tig h t daw n la th* wide, n-uii and clear Guadalupe Close in North R obert Sm ith 49o 2o41. 
494-4777._________________________ 
F lu - r y, o Bedroom , fire p lace w llli h eatulatgr, a ll elect. B la n co Ca. 
$44 OOO jim 
Ashley 
R ealty 
11147774 
. f a i t "up n o , m e n u p a ls acre MW fa r hem e b u ild in g . W a te r, c ity utilities M r Palter. *79 7229 

I TO 6 MAE K A C K 
N W S A M a r PM -4II and 1*64, w e ll re s tric te d , c e n tro ! w a te r, paved streets, p rice * v e ry cem - 
R e t it iv * 
S p e d te r m s 
L A - 
C C R O P T 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
342 1661 

 w ig T youth at 
I F M 
1518 
$175o W ill trad# tor 
1 pickup. 
92442o9 A L L R L A C T Y 533 7987 

" choice homesite! 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o dlaw n 
H ills B u ild now or hold tor In 
I vestm ent T erm s a vailab le $3,8oo 
[to 5*ooo P ave d streets A ll atilt- 
I ties. N ear School! ond shopping. 
'N e a r B a n d e ra R d ond B e n ru s j Dr. F o r dater!* coll Lou is Flores. 
T n - iM t. 
C om m ercial io n o il n / x w n . o a taw com m ercial buildings 
7345434 C P K O S U B 3424341 
I l 6 T $ T " l"5 T 1T L 6 T F ' K u n a p T s special re new N E addition near- > lin g com pletion 13445o7 
I P U A REALTY CO 
L O * ! ' i 6 T f U f r ' - r o -dT r T special in new N E addition near 
IP* com pletion o24-45o7. 
REQUA REALTY CO 

Lots at la b aaa Lari 
4 a c r e s w ith v ie w . t to I a c re hom esite* in Northw ood H ills, re sidenh ol Iota in Thousand O okt, big tats re H ollyw ood P a rk . U nit 
IO, S' a a cre s re stagecoach H ills 
Buy now • build later. 
C all 149-1434 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S ________ 

LOTS OF LOT 
2oox4oo ti or I S a cre s OH 1548 on 
C ir c le N o rth D r 4 m ilt s fro m 
U T S A t 'im ile outside city R e s­ tricted. 2ooo sa It m asonry Utile ties en 15*o N a d ra in a g e p ro d tem C a ll W olfer H ow ard SJI 71*3, mtps 923-o836 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
4 i2 f T B T C A j S i l n v r In-M T 
; L a u re l sub. O ff W u rzb o ch a n d 
IM IB West. 72 front ft with paved alley near Tu rtle Creek CC, M od 
! C e n te r, U S A A . s t ) , SSS T e rm s . 
49S-44oS M an P ri ar 141 5*4* d aily 

W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
141 7115 
R E A L T O R S 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, now T im ely hom e on b e a u tifu l 3 a c re tra c t. 
: C re e k fron tag e , ro a d fro n ta g e , 
1 w ater line, ond septic system 

 la ri lacaiars al Tans 
S A. *67-1154, *67-1333 e& W A T B s 'R A ^ M M A L TV 
Buy your land tram the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , T X 695 868o 
F a rm ann wanch Listin g s W anted 
VO A cres or la rg e r w ithin 45 m iles of San Antonio W rite tall details ond prices 
E D. GOZA, REALTOR 
S U M cC ullough Ava., San Anton­ io. 
Tax., 
227-o)85, 
$71 i m . 
! o245*1o. 
Goad (renting loft a cre s, I I H I i per ocre, $% down paym ent /ta*. 
; sim ple interest. O w n er financed. 
COW 724-79*4 

H I L L 
C O U N T R Y 
R A N C H 
Near Junction-97o A cre s 
2 w ells with concrete stack tanks. 
Good barns, co rra ls, fences. Lota of game M ila of paved road fron ­ tage L ik a now b rick 3 E R , 7 bath, fireplace 
S JH 
P E R 
A C R E 
T E R M S 
P h ilip D. W ord A Assoc 
Houston (713)42 4 3o71 
M ilt t d i i k f W 
N T C T 
K E R R V I L L E 
4 bedroom . 2 both. lodge T en n is c o u rt 
O n 3$ a c r e s * r m e r* . 
51oo 
O O O 1-866-1471 

H iL 'L ' * 6 o f t f n V l A N Y 6 M l 'K " 
I l l o cre s an H w y 3473 n ear S A. j and New B ra u n fe ls o v e rlo o kin g la k e 
L o ts at g a m e , no c ra s s fe n ce s b etw een la rg e ra n ch e s , sp rin g ted tan k, goad tre e s and g ra s s S m a ll d o w n , a w n e r f in ­ anced 494 3727, 4 9 4 1 t i l 
~TT5k s F T T S m -------------- 
<o acres, new m etal liars# barn, 
1oox1*5 in d o e r a n d o u td o o r 
I arenas, 3o stalls, race runs, nice ra n ch house, fire p la c e , pool 45 m ile s lo S A 
E q u it y , T e r m s . 
Negotiable 
L A N D O N 
M A R T IN 
oo46M I 

; 
HUNTING I CATTLE 
Today investm en t tar tom orrow 
O aks, a im , ond som e sca tte re d cedar E x c e lle n t pastu re far ca t­ tle, e ld e r h o m e w ith E d w a r d 's well, secluded, yet only 29 m iles fre re Loop 41o. A ss u m a b le fin ­ ancing a v ailab le 445 a cre s at SS5o per a c re or w ill co n sid e r cle a r property ar secured notes for equity 
Land Locarers ol Tsus 
S A *67 1154, 647-1331 

39.7o o cre s tro ct L ta k e y A reo 
H e a v ily w o a d e d . 
G o o d h u n tln g -tlS O d o w n - tlO O 17 m onthly E m o ry Janes 7344427 
- i . j ,. i ■ «i 

U n iqu e IO o cre s an p e rm a n e n t s p r in g fe d c re e k . B ig s p rin g - p riv a te - not in a d e ve lo p m e n t 
Term s Jim T aylor o244o9o 
- R A N l H L A N'&T T 

No 
Land F o r A ll Purposes 
J Flretstone, 7o213 
IR 

 w ired for in d u strial equip 
$17-455$. h 6 W e S ? 'f 1 T 2 -------------- 
B e a u tifu l b ric k horn* re g ra o f location. pO rtect far hom a-offtca operation 3 3 2 office, a ll paneled. 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E O lb lS lI i o lj A l L 6 d A t i 6 H l o r p ro le * urinal or light retail. C a ll us and let's discuss It. 
344-4666 N ile s 
3447o36 
Baa BoucheHe 
A CO INC R E A L T O R S M L S m 6 v e l ': ( K n r u a u r r g K , 
Owner w ill finance 
6o4-4211 or /SI 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
N lA f t iA d 
I units, colonial. W hit* colum ns. 
Sum m er porches E asy ran i 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E o242S2I 
T o — ; 

N E A P A IR 
B B O A b if f r V 
1 A R E A A N D L O O P 41o. P ar laos*. 
I s m a ll o ffic e , p a n e le d , a tli. pd. 
I Answ ering se rvice a v a il a t a d d i­ tional cost. Fo r fu rth e r info c a ll 
I 341-779* a r o22-3o1o avos. 
O F F l i # '? > A t t . W A R E m'S U T f 
OR R E T A IL S T O R E . 13o4 W E S T i A V E . IN Q U IR E 12M W E S T A V E . 
I B R E N N E R CO. 3442471 .________ 
O ffice space, N E . lu rn ish e d . im m ediate occu pancy, utilitias pard. 
G a l* C la r k . o74-22SI. H e n ry S. 
M ille r Co. R e a lto rs ______________ 
P R I M E O f f ic t sp o c# on n e w 
N orth E x p re ssw a y h o ar a irp o rt 
Reasonable rata*, cove re d pkg . a ll conveniences 
344345* 
W eekdays. 
______________ 
U I S S an P e d ro . 4 o ffic e s . I le sa f t . 173o b ills pd. 734429S. 
$EUfeftAL a f HI ti: i u t T t 's 
A V A IL A B L E af once re lh# beau­ tiful Rohde B u ild in g O verlooking 
T u rtle C re e k D o lt C o u rse , n e a r e ve ryth in g S e v e ra l one-m an a f­ rica* now open fo r y o u r respac fla n 
4So, 4oo. a n d U S s a ft a v a ila b le . R O H D E C O ., R E A L 
! TO RS. 4129 G ordon dole. 69* 53 l l 

2S2 SELL 88 EXCHANGE I uAVi'm t r w v m ' 

 o P P o R T U if lt V K N O c r f i 
. . . investor broker, m ust sell prim * 
F4 4 **** p r o p e r tie s , 3o a c r e s on U S9o 
West, 9o511. on Hw y. S I M J M ; 7o acres on C a stro ville city lim its, all utilities, riv e r tront $21o,ooo Nom * your term s) 
John 
Philpott 
342 4oo8 

PRIME COMMERCIAL 
S W W W H IT E. O w ner anxiou s to sell this 2o4*4*9 ft prop erty Just a taw blocks from IH-1o Be great fo r s trip ce n te r, re s ta u ra n t, or m ony other extras 
924-7311 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -S . C ontrol Otc 

U M M REALTY 
484 86oo Bonetta*' 493 3794 
Rugged b9oaty. laurel traas and bluebonnets cove r this 179 a cre troct in M edina County. 12 m ile* west of Loop 41o $1ooo per a cre 
Good area lo s u b d iv id e 924-o116, 
337-4977 
M Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E i i ', M i r i a m $ m r . , o i ' »on h o n d le 
D on G 
C o c k r e ll C o . 
M em phis, Tx oo6 359 2911 

STOCKDALE 
ITO Acre*. 1"» m iles N orth off t i l 
_____________ ____________ 

 a I d "hou siT ' bo r n****** *? 'oood 'cc- Son *•<*'• O " * * ***• O * * * • " 
! c ts* F o r'S o l* and F in a n c * by !? l'.'|T 2 1 L h,,o" <e 

- - a a s i i M i x t . » i i i i . n i 

S U T H E R L A N D S P R I N 6 < , I i* r iM 
7a Lttoa B e e b e , ‘M I L *11 G I 
A cre* ot C oastal w ith tarp* oak K l r t l S W I n M R f f M x i l l s H tre e s, sto ck ta n k C o u n ty re a d ' ,t«— 
- - - a 
- w ith a c c e s s to p a v e m e n t en tra n ce 
1-947-311 t l k A 'i vT fT 
Lytle areo 141$ A cre 
T ra ct W ell pun if irrig a tio n 
237 o227 W atson A Sen *28 12*3 

TEXAS VETS 
IO A C R E S w ast G uodatunr Coun­ ty 
R o o d fro n ta g e , w a ta r lin e , dark san 
IO A C R E S o ast B e x a r C o u n ty 
Rood frontage, w atar ire*, sandy tame 

 land lacaiars al fetas 
S A 6ff^ff$4. 6*7 1333 

T E X - V E T S 
7$ A c re s S W W ilso n C t . w e ll. creek, power, rood frontage, A L L 
! CA SH Wilt E n tertain I T E X V E T S with S IM U L T A N E O U S C losing 

I T . J . A A R O N , B R O K E R 

1 - A 2 S S 8 2 2 1 
I -4 2 5 -2 1 I t roo to M T a c n e o rT Jire td f and 
B i a- * frtv Itta. Good hunting Leo nard Uppity. (244756____________ 
IO to t i - w f J near F lo re sv ille ’ 
Good investm ent tar 
T E X A S 
V E T . 
. 
$ A C R E T R A C T S n e a r F lo r e s ­ ville Residential a r Cam m ar etal 
R U T H 
M C B R ID E 
R E A L T Y 

 li"T I'in s .'p e p rT re T i'7HE""c'f f 7 te rm s, $29.OM 7)676o 3 341 181) 
W 
W l i l t m e n fir.lv W n link fenced! G orgeous tread lot in 
Sta g e co a ch H ills a d re a m se t­ ting tor your dream home I 
$34, SOO 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

T F W l' f T H O T T E ------------ 
B e au tifu l slo p in g le i w ith tra a s 
14$ frontage t i l deep, on a ta vat • 
(to stroel 824 1233 
M A Z IE S A L E H IL L , R ealtor 

T o S e ttle E s t a t e s 
I t Duplex lots, lid * bv stat. approx 
11ox148. 288o Captan! St art Rassa 
R d M ake atter, C a ll 226 $121 ar 
6 $$-6o*6 

P S A C I VOUe W A N T A O 

I N I N Z 1 * 6*1 S S N t W S 
C A H 275 IOU* 

24o Irrigated Ac $85o Ac 
Well, b q re i house. L e P ry e r 
•IO o*45 
71* 17*4 
$14 4419 
W A tS O N 6 SON R E A L T O R S k g W b i n fB O W T V ---------- 
H O ac ra n c h n e a r K tn d a lt a 
B eau tifu l pecan bottom with tv press line stream $11oo per ac . ext owner fin an cin g , taw dawn. q u a lifie d b u y e rs o n ly . p le a s e t M k a w a rd s 69$ I t l l . 6H I87* 
Robert Cdg* *9$ 8978, *98-8174 k e r r y tile J U a c r e 'e ie t ic gam e 
R anch a xis deer tallow deer, bkg doer, b la c k b u c k ant*!***, m ea 
Hon sheep Deer proof fence $$$• acre, good term s 
I Owner S U ta ' so**,______________ 
K e rrv ille -)!* a cre B a u ch redin g h ills with gushing sp rin g s L a k e with bath ond catfish cle a r w atar, 
D eer and tu rkey. $$$• p e r a cre interest only paym ents availab le . 
Owner SII 247 SOS* 

I * p e t S S A N O N I W S 

 c a v e m e n . 
62*4 sa W oM cp, shaw ream , w ar 
L rs A r e kl TS p I P a s b a house N W b u sm e so d is tric t. 
J O 
I N 
T S P L E A S E . I r 
^ 

- — tra c to r, la rg e fe n c e d p a rk in g . fron tag e on tw o m are thorou gh fo re s , r e a d y f o r o c c u p a n c y 
P rice d tor im m ediate sole Loren 
D ru m o24-9*21 lg o *l«tl* Ce 
W in d c r e s t C o r n e r L o7 
A p p ro x a a cre on b u sy street 
.u iiable tor sm all busin ess C o ll tor details, o24o171 
RED CARPET 

238 COMMfKCiAl PIOPLKTY 
LEASE 

A! SION. MAIN 
A IR C O N D I T I O N E ^ O F F IC E S , 
R E T A IL , E T C L E A S E O R S A L B . 
224 9124, 734 5522 To se* it 
G A L IN D O R E A L T Y CO O W N E R 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
M D OFFICE SPACE 
In B eacon C irc le 4,OM saft. A ll p c . W ill rem odel ta suit E rn e st 
Sebta C om m ercial P re p $4* 1*39, i l l H 
I l WS F W T T t M T ffW rn* 227-4421 r r e T x r w T T ui r r u ; n a e o U # 1 
2,OM sqff. IOU C in cin n ati Av* 
42o1 F re d e ric k s b u rg R d h a t et 
Vonderpuei, /OM ) 
5I1-944-24M tic* sp ace ond co v e re d ond un 

 o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g re p a irs. John B. B e te ll, B ro k e r 

M ^ G u n ta M M d ^ 2 * ^ ® J '* 2 1 i2 » 
254 KAI ESTATE WAIMTH1 

T n X vlS u ai wuntv to boy t ,'i'” 
■ 
I com * p ro p e rty , co n d itio n a n im - poi tan!. E A took, P O D ra w e r K. fo rtlo n d , Tx 7o374 

256 MAL E8TAT! LOAMS 

T 
O 
T 
T t l& A n 4 a-. F . m i liens. M ax I y rs Buy notes less m an o% w ith discount 
A V RedriEu ez B ro k e r 111 o9M 

3o2 Mo8IU HOMtS REMT 

Bedroom Mot,.'* HW nSTITTTm a’ 
Oft H aePner R d 464-o*o9________ l- I V b ld d n A l. C o u n try liv in g ' 
N eor c ity W ith g ard en , fish in g spat H U m onth *12-49*7________ 

4o1 SPMTIfeWTS FURR 

WOIIS ONLY 
226 3647 
, E fficie n cy, i b u m . S65 S85 

Units Southside 

SI27.Eo K R A 
B ra n d now e le p a n f e lfic io n c e * . 
; peel, sh a g c a rp e t, b ig c lo s e ts , fa n ta s tic k itc h e n R o b in s N e st 
AR) $2o Hot w e lls B lvd $33 o111 
A ir . T K i r e d m T p r . wiH T TTo^ n icely turn, no pets HOO 723 7o43 

A P T S . F U R N I S H E D 
SI 45. 
R I T T IM A N R O A f IH I) 

T H E F A I R D A L E 

6 6 o o F A I R D A L E 

656-1oo1 

A P T S . F U R N I S H E D 

SI 45. 
IA and E V 
B A N D E R 

H I D D E N M E A D O W 

5 9 5 9 W U R Z B A C H 

6 8 4 -3 3 1 1 

M ctJK lD S 
I 
I 193 24)2 
| 
U p P f R S A ¥ T t i i r f XKTy S I T 
14$ acres creek dense weeds 
J K LE IG H T O N . R E A L T O R S 

Astoria 
TO ISl S A H A R A 144 *191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Sunshine ta i F S U N S H IN E 734 4417 h e a u iiiifir lu x u rio u s, lorge, 6 'sh w eth er, pool, l l bedream s. u tili­ ties paid S il l E lance 341 4111 
I IIB f6 o » APAITmTMT "' 
N E A R L I V E O A K *17-1933 

Aun t to lease 284 loot a cre s pas lu r* land tor cattle A d d ress full into to G T M cA lp in . $38 I V on diver. San Antonie 71289 w A R fc io b i P l i f i b i --------- 
U n spo iled 111 a cre h ill c o u n try ran ch near P ip e Creek Tx Plenty el runn ing sp rin g w atar lit e et old Indian cam pground V e ry un tau* W ill sell $8 peres Jim Toytor 
134 4898 
Wfc CAU i l L L Y6UI------- 
R A N C H P A R M O R H O M E 
IN TH E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U S T O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 7868* 
149 11 ie or 149-1114 
W e hay# th re e S o u th ' 

 covered yard space tor lease 
141 111) g m s r w 
H i i i v i i g 
SY A 
T ION F O R R E N T , $81 N orth Cor 
(am ora 4318*11 tf'6 TT f i n n r e > a * l o t in 
Town) $388 per m e P ro ve n tor It ye ars H a rry ) 3591 C utobro R d 
71$ 89*1, N iles *9* 7777 n n r 
~n * ‘A f i 1 1--------- 
JIM S E M IL IT A R Y D R t i l 1141 
1 6 W I 6 L E V I T *oT~'w fy p re ’tV. su ita b le tor T V re p a irs . U p h e l story. 
Auto ports 
St58 m e 
724 1178_____________ 
N * * J sa6-tops*4 b r l S i sa H T ai retail space re Le** Ooh M o n, see 
Ranches, the ta r,# ., pf 3 ^ 1 " 
WW W h it. B d re H R B 
4OOO acres, p riced tram 
$ 3 * 1 9 9 
P le n t y g o m e e n # « „ • xxx m 
> ran ch es Shew n by apperntm en t 
, i..r 
I 
........ .... ■ 
. . only Grit and Hugo. Box ll* . O il 
N E W L*as* S e a t* Us new Helotes tov Tex 71817. 
. I i i lit I 

 s m u t . sh o p p in g c e n te r, a ll a ir c o n d ie Im 
Frespnt lease esp Ope t»7l. Ile re o n e ll !u h *4i u n 

C e n tra l h e a l air", C h ild re n wet tOWto CEM 917 5929 h. o 'o o m "w ail ie w o ll're rp e f. u p s ta irs , S U S b ills od i i * E 
QgtRCV. 921-7181. _______________ m i l 6Aib b a lle r r 7 t~ i ' bT droom opt $13$. *84 J if f 

 b ills Od t i l ) m*. 534 9891 
U p rear g irl w onts tem pie ream - m ot* 349 7 9 a , 1318)94 jfU ^ n • K ie ie n r. JT^TTLc iro oim near P l lo rn 818-49o7. feraT iu n d * t lT l'W Cenioui (I of $748 Son P e d ro ) a ir , p e e l. 
! w ater paid I B d rm tarn S U I I 
B d rm HOS 818-7911._____________ 
D e s e r t S o n d s A l! $ B ro a d w a y 

. . n u . 

 turn oir, I B d rm $95 826 7o13 

IN IMI (B M U S ! NI W5 
CACI 125-1*66 

4 
I 

:ourth Page 
Express-New$— Monday, March 7, I 977 

RENTALS 
DGE) 

461 APARTMENTS-fUffll 
461 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS from 

*4 6 . Weekly 

^ I 5 
2 
* M o nth ly 
, S tu d io , 1 *2 b e d ro o m ! 

N O LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING—NO PEJS 

 w A r r t n h o u s e 
* 2 2 2 K W . Loop 4 1 o 
•*pv kwsn enl— •* Dewhurst 
>4 41o** 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

TODER LOVING CME 
Covered walk way from cor to apt., laundry and mailbox area to you won't pet drenched, torpor room * to you w on't bark your th int. 341-T11J 83*-1 SM and tee. 
THE KINGSTON APTS. 
33o2 Vance Jackson For TLC 
TV MONITORED SECURITY 
GARDEN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
GYM AND SAUNAS 
1-2-3 BEDROOMS, 1-2 BATHS 
SHS. to *275. BILLS PAID 
PARK TOWNE APTS. 
434-4H1 
2o11 BANDERA ROAD 
Between Hillcrest and Callaghan 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or over pay 
WILSHIRE APTS. 
Block of Ft. Sam North Gate 
8169159, 82*15*4_______ 
Ilf. Magnolia, adultt. no pet*, but center. SIPP. >**-84o1 m w Norwood living bedrcom comb. Mature couplestudent, No children, pets. $92.5o 822-5784. 
J4J yy ^ARI --------------- 
OR S. Floret and S E. M ilitary Dr. 
I Bedroom, air, carpet, water ad 
$12o. 922-931o. M gr Apt. I. 

4o8-KOMES, DUPLEXES, 
IM -tfM T W lT t-W F W l 

S O U T J M P W Y U I A 1 
' 
4 M R T M IN T S 

 a thud Drink dub lonli'iet 
• Gym end Ire* tiffin * 
(tones 
• Snouty Shop 
• Sauna Whirlpool 
• Eennn Coom J pooh e host lr** tkfngtroton a IO Mmutn to 

4o32 E. Southeross 
337-S242 

• UNDA APTS. • 

233 HOWARD 

I Wk. Metropolitan Hos­ pital, Medical Profestional 
Bldg., 
Baptitt 
Hospital and AAain Bank, I and 2 bedroom apts. Starting at 
$ 175. Adults. N o pets. 
226-8492 

4o4 APARTIHENTS UNFURN 
A BEAUTIFUL WAY 
L l^ /i 
Larpe trees, covered terrace, 3 bedrooms, I or 2 baths, larpe clo sets, available. 
THE HERITAGE 
1543 Babcock at N.W. Loop 41o 
341-2228 

AU UTILITIES PO 
BROOKS MCCRELESS AREA 
Larpe I bedroom, unturn. $1*9 
Large 2 bedroom unfurn. $2o5. 
SOUTHPORT APARTMENTS 
SSM 
S. 
NEW 
BRAUNFELS 
533-13oo 
A P T: Upper-Lower, reasonable, couples, at bus stoa. 732-452o 
AT i i* Funston, 3 bedrooms. A id , 
SISO. 822 o4oo or 735-4458. 
BEAUTIFUL tre e House Apts In garden Complex, near Bracken­ ridge Pk. T rin ity U and Down­ town. View of City. Pool. Laundry 
Modern and com fortable. M an­ ager, M U LB E R R Y TERRACE 
APTS 1315 E. M ulberry, 823-5434 

CRM CORPORATION, 

T h e 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedrm. 
Apts. 
AII Bechic 
Kitchens. 
Outside Storage. N S Schools 
4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 
Efhc. to 3 bdrm. Townhouse* with fireplaces 12 floor plans 
Adult & Family Areas. 

6623 Callaghan Rd. 
696-329o 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or Un­ furnished. 

 l l 721 Parliament 
349-3149 

EFFICIENCIES 
1-2-3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 

3815 Parkdale 
696-3499 

THE GREEM HOESE 
1 Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 

7 2 o o S. Presa 
5 3 2 -7 3 8 9 

( s t 

C 
S 
U p tm o r e 

 a n d A s s o c ia te s 

CHOICE RENTALS 
322 D AM KXX - 4-2-2, (3oo mo. 
Central pr-haet, stove, dishwasher, garbage deposal, water softener. 2-story, fenced 

H * BAMBOOS - 4-2-2, (3oo mo. 
Central ah-hect, range, refrig., goring* dbposol, tented. 
2-story, glouedin pctio, full carpet. 
1222 CHUONG • 3-2V*-rr, (25o mo. 
Central air-hwt stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal. carpet, burglar bars, privacy fen­ ce. 2-story Town' 
6291 EUM 
(175 

 own home. 
VALLEY - 3-l-Cf, 
Bo 
2 tm conditioners, refrigerator, drib washer, disposal, fenced. 
APARTM ENTS 
UNITED NUMBER of furnished and unfurnished apartments in northeast, 
.northwest, and 
Southwest Efficiency, I bedroom, 
I bath to 2 bedroom, 2 bath. from (145 to (27o per mo. un­ furnished. Furnished from (25 to 
(43 extra per month. Utilities pd. 
673-5o83 
342-4115 
653-o57o 
W O R LD W IDE R EALTY, 

(O M ID M R , DUPLEXES. 

$9o M o. S45 Dap. 431 Eleanor 
341-8134_______________________ 
Modern J-i-CB, bulH-ins, carpel, o ir heat, large fenced yard, kids. 
United, 715-9121, fee (588-3) 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

Modern i- i- f, fu ll carpel, ail ex- tras, fenced, $245 
United, 735-9121, fee (531-3) 

MONTE VISTA 
3 bedroom , ivy bath. 2 s to ry . 
A ppliances and w indow units. 
Go roo* with quarters. 828-S471. 
S tra u d e r N elso n R e a lty 

 m U L V VST) 'S'fW VT Awn 'th is beautltul 3-1-1, In Sierra North, 
Only $7oo down, $2o8 mo. 
J A J REALTY *74-8883 Anytime 
Near insp ire hlaza at 
Is R sf. 
OR S. Zarzamora, lower 2 bdrm dup. SM water pd. 735-23*2 
Near Ft. (am , J bedroom, I bath, fenced, $4o 828-2722. 
_________ 
NE Aft KE Cl y i bedroom, dean, private, bus. 
$*9 . 
435-91* 
9am-7pm 
Near K elly. 134* F H r N L E a f " * silo . 

YOUR ORJPORTUNITY 
E n c A A tm A u K m d a m y q u h m 
M C K IN K R ! 
N’eWe, MWN 8o, 
A m SUAOO yr. ( 4 SOO On. 

 fur K n o x hst/u*A kt ' 
Owner 12 yrs,. O nw $12o,ooo- 
N M $27,ooo yr. Geed p e rth *. 
$33ooo. Teeww. 
POlYGtAPHMG A MVBHGAIION 
Teg — ewMs. WM teeth new 

I T T o d o a ! ^ 
42oooo rT- 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
R e *e h ..« *«g r, 
Me* 
Rxtwree, 
(re ee S I SOOOQ, PNN $23,ooo, 
WfQtOOO w w 
FATT RRR) UP^UnOM 

E t y 'H R f t Z & 'y W A 'Z S K 
PUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST 

 ie. eewM 13o. $ *8 o o o An 

BUSY W M H STOW 
- 
N X flee RmNwee. Ore** $13*ooo 
Mew $23,ooo yr. $3ooo+Woe* 

' WST lid irrM M restauraxt 
W n e d * flM K V 
LARGE BUSY WASHATBRA re bete. •Tuatara A33ooo 
> $13ooo yr: Bb A O A *. 

CHOICE RENTALS 

319 Hialeah 2-1-1 
SIAS 

5139 Castle Hunt 3-1-1 ...S IB S 

$723 Qual Creek 3-2-2... (215 

12521 Sandpiper 3-2-2— SSM 

79o6 Rustic Forest 4-2-2 .. (325 
MANY BORE TO CHOOSE FROM 
Celli > 2 8 -5 7 o 4 
E r a s e 
BOB RooGB5, RFALTORS 

2 BEDROOM. 2 BATH 
On busline near schools, water od $129. 754-418), 344-3471_______ 
: bedroom efficiency, clean, per- fe ct cond. 931 w . H uisa ch e, 
Available 
2-1Sth. 
735-o434; 
824 7137. 
3 bedroom, s8o Kendall, apt 2, w ater paid , 512o mo, deposit 
735-1449, 534-1211.______________ 
Coll us about our close-in ru rot properties. 2-3oo Acres 
Seitz A Assoc, Realtors 824-2335 

•DOWNTOWN POST OFFICE* 
2 bibs Air, 3 rooms, carpet, dean new decor quiet Mature tody pre ferred 12* McCullough 824-7713 
• i i >- Corson, i i i mo. bills pd. a«t>osit pay toter 227-45o4 p rf" <-‘*nc*s, olr, bul v* OC* DO wk. S125 mo. up. Bills pd. Section 
8. 534-34o1, 434-9*45 
H i g. UuTwche. \ bedroom' ooT. 
8125 Carpet, o lr 733-1775. 
E n io v the g e n tle pace of the 
B oardw alk Spend yo ur a fte r- noons chatting with friends during a game at bridge Close to Won­ derland or C entral Park M oll. 
Catch a bus to anywhere. Join our community where all ages share 
Mam m m A I Atm 
Flew yOvu IITf 
3S3* West Avenue 349-42o3 
Barry GiHingwater Co. fo r'couple, i room o"<f bath. gos-w oter SHO. N. V a n ­ diver. 824-43*5. f 6A~ ORI A r 9 w 6 tss ~ ~ 
BM* pd BRiclencv, dep * 
« me. lease. Near Ft. Sam 224-4o43 
N E E 
------------ 

APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 

CLOUDHAVEN APTS 
135 CLOUDHAVEN 
Very nice 4 bedroom opts, located lust behind ShokeVs Pizza of the 
Austin Hwy. 828-1*o5 or 824-5o81 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
PARKLIKE GROUNDS 
2 BEDROOM S235 BILLS PO. 
PARKDALE APTS 342-o191 
Dup'*-* apl In InjpnoTion Hills, 2 bedroom, I bath, S21o mo 494-9183 or 432-539o 
3>2 S. Uulsoche, 3 Room bachelor opt Stove, retrig, carpet, air, SOO. 
733-177J. 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
Efficient es. 1-2 and 3 bedrooms, turn or unfurn 533-13oo 
S133 Furnished I Bedrown Apts. 
Air, CBN Any Day or Eves. 7:3o 
A M. -9 P M. .333-1851. 
$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apl 
Air, 2 Bibs Katiy. Coit Any Day Or 
NMM. 7 a m. . IO p.m. 922-o*34 fu rn is h *) or unfurnished Mobile 
SIS! 
2 t»df«om , 875 me., * i m . MMB. 42634S7 
A Ufc W O'ffT uWl4~'Ot'm'11et p'd. shag , 2 paws. SMS UP. Painters 
MW 52oo Blanca. 349-2222_______ 
OoedwM Apts. 12o7 londmgu'cee- 
. 3-1 bedrooms. S2oo, bitts trot air, 
ROM. M M I l l 
Lur*, I bedroom nadir town ol?7 water pd- SSS. 342-7oo* eves 
Lore* i"b *cfo o nT 'd u p U *. near 
B roadw ay-H ild eb ra n d, S17S.oo moWh *9o-15*o W 435-453o 
Ll VK IS I f t ER FOR LESS' 
GROUND LEVEL DUPLEXES 
BURN. OR UNFURN. 
EXCELLENT MAINTENANCE 
HIGHLAND HILLS APTS. 
2931 E SOUTHCROSS 
534 1*o4 m aT-Jb E ADUL TT~6 1T1 ro o d way, redeco1 a rid 2 bedroom s, 
S14A pius $25 utilities 82*1122 

FONTAINBUEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U LB ER R Y 
Luxury living at reasonable price. 
Large beautiful I and 2 bedroom apts. Large pool, next door to Ft. 
Sam and 2 blks fro m B ra cken ­ ridge Golf Course. Seconds from downtown, min from North Star and Windsor Pork Mails. 826-5o81. 
6 ft E b a t t l e r A P U '-------- 
1-2 Bedrooms. Efficionces. BUI ad. 
8535 Greenbrier, 828-42oo. 
M A iT iT tbA b $ L (SC - Ww ' 
1ooo4 BALTIC 
Metered 12-3 BEDROOM Apts 
Lease. Fireplace. Some poolside. 
C all C ris B ow en 342-1324 or 
*96-7331 after I. 

N O R T H E A S T c o n v e n ie n c e 

UTILITIES PAID r 

I 

I 
I 
I 

* 
L 

4 # .iU K a v H o n L Jrive 
J 

6 5 3 - 7 » o < * 
! 

□ Garden S e ttin g 
□ Private Patio* 
□ Pools and Party R o o m 
□ Effieienrie*. I and 2 
B e d room * 
□ Dishw asher. D rap es and 
T V ' Antennas 
□ W a lk to Northeast 
* 'S c h o o ls 
□ Close to F o ri Sam 
D 3 M in u te s to W in d so r 
P a rk Mat) 
□ Furniture 
Available 
Pork 
Village 
Apartm ents W 

IF YOU Q U A LIFY 

1 Bedroom-1 Bain s 142 *199 
2 Bedroom-1 Bath SI59 $221 
3 Bedrown 2 Bath SI79-S24* 
All Utilities. Central A ir and Heat. 
R efrig e ra to r. Range. Disposal, 
Draperies. TV Antenna, Storage 
Units and MWO. Acorommutely 
IS Minutes from M ilitary Bases 
924-441o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave ic w g ~w i m i M ' A r w r T y o 'iuT u ry I bedroom apts, available. 
S25o 
Contact 
David 
Devore. 
227-OJ72. 
C T T A U M A A' 'AFT?---------- 
LUXURY I and 2 bedroom apts. 
1171 BANDERA RD 433-3214 
--------------------LARGE------------------- 
2 bedroom. 2 bath. covered potto or balconies, lots of closet spoce, covered parking 
THS HERITAGE 
I $43 Babcock at NW Loop 4to 
341 3228 

LARGE 
I BEDROOM 
ONE BATH 
*19o.»*21o. 

Ten floor ptorn to choose from for exquisite adult Hying. Att bitts pittd. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor loc i 
Que grifts, bemat en. fire­ places and beamed ceilings. 

1o362 SAHARA DEL 
349-2617 

1 U I T i f t -WaOL'l - BSWBT g WW- 
MOOCRN S EP IC H NC V-PURN. 
812$ ta $131. 213 4TH ST 22* 7333 
MOTEL y Aoar1m »n» 
By Day, Week ar 
1-9112. 
P « 4 -*7 *7 , and Rooms 
M onth. o12 
LB2-BIS2, CA7 47o2. H oa r Pf. 
Sons T A M 377._________________ 
5 rooms, bolk, gar- 
TTT ogo, air. water pa Ne pets. Slid 
333-1549 
Moor Rf bdrm, gos-woter 
Tam ^ Tr TTeon o rT l od 
SUB. 

LEASE WITH OPTION TO 
B U Y 
Clean and extra nice, 2 bedroom nome Eastside area 
SANTEX 
CO.,REALTORS 
653-o46o 
T i V f l f t f ffc ROA LiM i ~ 
GROUNO LEV E L DUPLEXES 
FURN. OR UNFURN 
EXCELLENT MAINTENANCE 
HIGHLAND HILLS APT$. 
2931 I . SOUTHCROSS 
$34-88o8 

LUXURIOUS 

LARGE 
2 BEDROOM, 
2 BATH. 
OVER 12oo 
SO. FT. 

START AT $34o. 

H igh R id g ed 

Hilted* Aporlsnwits 
5211 ErwteHckshurg 
341-8221 

------------- RT Att TY U U -------------- 
Nice efficiency opt carpet, a ir, water-p«s Pd S9S 124-8349 
Near n r e m a t p c v - T W 
I* prat bdls Mrs. watson. 82$ 45*4 
R . f i i A t t s t f •k P r r r m R T air. SSS., odutt, 733-7282 

M ice 'H ’ t a 
I bedreem, drapes, paneted. car­ pet, air. tie r ape area *126 Water paid only le c h iund Kelly area. 
922-1345 W 927 2213 
W6 IIT A l l 'l l ^ STB— 
Neor Ft. Sam and downtown St­ ile Apts BUIS Paid. *89 per mo 
327-4762 19*4 I Houlton 

NOHTHEAST RO LEASE 
A ttra c tiv e I b ed ro o m , dish - ; wether th a t. pool BIUS ad tt*S and up SSS Dog i t Min Pf Sam 
3216 E ISEN H AUE R eft H a rry i 

LIVING SPACES 
RON AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 824-6661 
THE CHELSEA 824-8226 
Cpu tor ogee torment 

N e a r 
K e lly -L a c k la n d 
AFB limited number of ef­ ficiencies and 
I -bedroom apts. Now available 
58oo 
MEDINA BASI ROAD 
674-7oo4 

A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes fo rent. Lease w ith ootlon to buy 
Own your borne NOW! S19oto*5oo na. 
GASE-BAKER REALTY CO. 
69o-899o Eves 696-8865. 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 
Tetrads,"! bir 'WaoarUae mil 

 bedrooms, garapa, fenced 
*55-3224. 
Wear L a c k la n d , K e lly , 3 be- d roo m s. c a rp e te d , I'Y b a th s , 
*74-7397, 435-5247 
Near LAFB KAF> 3-2-C6, raroeT 
In llv ln e m aster bedroom , ap­ pliances, fenced. *73-345o. 
N ear W o n d e rla n d , 2-1, i n i . 
Adults. 
Also 
Broadway area, 
735-7*83. 
________ 
N E., 3 bedroom , I both, near 
Windsor Park, walking distance to schools $225. a mo. 494-21o7 att. 
4:3o wk dv s.____________________ 
N E. clean 3 bedroom home, car- peting, fenced yard. $2oo me. 
ROSSI REALTY________ 49*7781 
N ^ 3 2 iownhouse in The Alen, carpeted, a ir, corner lot, patio, anoiiaoces, etc. near RAPS and 
Pf. Sam S24o. *58-42*o 

W I GiOOMpMG SAUM A SUPPUU 
Top M f . l o t cill WUN, (at. 13 yrs. NWS $1o,ooo yr. BS OOO dn. 

SEVEMl MOOD OWW d flfc 
SM, pmI mammy maters,. flx iw *, geed parking, b a d , 

EXOUSVK MAtlTT (AION 
^ S T O S r,*'*-*” 'ooo 

 t 

NEW CLASS NOW FORMING 
“APPROVED FOR VCTIRAFfS’* 
• CB. RADIO RIP AIR 
• RADIO-T.V. RIP AIR 
• t x FVI S IO N H C H . O W R ATO R 
• R A D IO BR O A DCA ST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.CC , 1st CLASS) 
For liifutm ufiati 
CAlUW KfTf OR VISIT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 
L°„3i^ .T ,. 
223-1848 

{LL Cjac&iroan Co: 

O r t A l (kl 
AA M IN I 

 i m * 6o1 PRQFESSHM 

REW 4-PLEXES 
1121o BEL AIR. aft Lockhiil Sel­ ma, I and 2 bedrooms, $12o to 
SI SS. 349-71o6, 733-7194, 432-7741. 
N O dH E D IT N E E bE D !------- 
Why not own your own home? 
Just $2oo dawn! From $159 per month. 922-17o*, *73-4714, «7*-7So9 

A H 
Eta., 3-2, den, appliances, cantrbl air, drapes, $325. mo. 828-1241, 
733-8*oo. 
A T H A C TiV I n e Ar ^A i i , Aft, stove, refrlg., dishwasher, dlspa- sol, fenced. $21o. *55-*4o9, 
Rorgoin lim e! f bdrm, kids-peft welcome, *9o, fenced. 
United. 72S-9121, tee (566-3) 
J Bedroom, ! bain''Suntan, fenced rard. lo roe let, corpet, refrigero- o r and stove, w a te r p a id . 3 
B locks to San P e d ro . S21o. 
341-2222 Anytime. CENTURY 21 
Roy Teal, Realtors. . 
I twfdroom ~) both Tow nnousa. at! appliances, central air-heat, car- get, dropes. $35o mo. *84-9o14. 
) bedroom home, no children, no pets. $14o mo pius utilities and 
SSO. DOP. call Otter SPM, 223-2545. or 922 7133. 
Big 3-i-l, den. central air, built ins, plus reefer, 523o 
United, 73S-9121, tee (522-2) 

$135-816o. 
BLANCO RD. and BASSE RD. 
1-2 Bedrooms Gas-Wafer Pd. 
*831 BASILWOOD 342-37o2 
Aring Hie kids, S-lVi-C6, stove, alr-heat, storage, fenced, 51*o 
Unwed, 735-9121, fee (512-2) 
3-1-1, C om oid I, ait kitchen od piiances, carpet, covered and screened patio, storage building, fenced. 5225. mo. *54-47*2. g A M 6 L 6 T ll, Lovely i i. i l i l 
Month 822-3o41 
C a ro lle d 1-1-1, cent a lr-'lie a t, buiWins, fenced, kids, pets, S2oo 
United, 735-9121, tee (*4o-i 
4YTr g li«a<Ior 3-i (ten nl'cp' 
S ^ 

No l*-ose, no depojlt, I bdrm eof- tape. fenced, SSO, water pd. 
Unwed, 735-9121, tee (SJO-)) 
North 2 bdrm, stove, o lr, garage, fenced, 51*o call 
United, 73S-9121. tee (517-2) 
Northeast off Walzem road, 3-2-1, all appliances, S25o mo 6S3-3888 ofter A Owner-LREA. 
4-1, h . L T f . y . n e a r' We'dlTco l 
Center. Range, refrigeratbr and d ish w a s h e r in c lu d e d . 
*3oo344-62o7, *84-433o 
D o o n f O w ens Co. 
2-2, cid e r homo near hAeUleal 
Center. Im m edlote occupancy. 
S2So.346-42o7, *o6433o 
D o a n lo O w e ns Co. 
Pork UHIog;: 4**6 d o k li. Bose, 
3-2-1, liv in g roam , dan, kitchen refrlg, dishwasher, central hgat- alr, carpet, fenced, covered patio, new point *236 mo i26-4*8o. brektv 1 ne d" ooS^vTEolbronTarg* corner, Peeon Volley. S33-9131 or 
333-o1o3. 
_______ _ 
Remodeled i bdrntTcontrol o lr- heat, drapes, fenced. 
United, 735-9121, fee (S161) 
We H'AWb L l 

 m n if s s (ffm ra p rn ts 
' s n r e i g n a m m m t s 

NO PURCHASE 
REQUIRED 
Appiicatioos arn now being accepted from in­ dividuals to provide local service to our company established accounts. 
NO SOUNG REQUIRED 
This exciting and glamourous business provides on ideal opportunity for husband and wife, semi retired or retired, businessmen and professionals to be their own boss, operating a business with earning poten­ tial of: 
*2 o /H R . 
FULL OR PART TIME 
COMPANY PROVfDCSr 
1. Equipment cmd supplies. 
2. Accounts in key locations. 
3. Skilled training and guidance. 
YOU PROVIDE: 
1. Top credit references. 
2. Sincere desire to operate own business. 
3. Must be ready to start in 3o days. 
Our investors put up the necessary capital for qualifi­ ed applicants. Applicant must have adequate work­ ing capital. 
CAU N. FINCH 
Sun., Mon., Toot. only 
(512) 732-5141 
(In Son Antonio) 
GAMAN DISTRIBUTORS 
Otto Alton Center, Houoton, Texas 7 7 o o2 

Executive Positions in Laredo 

★ Excellent Opportunity 
★ Excellent Employee Benefits dr Nationwide Organization 

TRAVEL AGENCY ASSISTANT MANAGER 
Bilingual, minimum of two years experience in all phase* of travel agency operations plus managerial experience. Start­ ing salary $11,ooo to $12,3oo depending on experience. 
BooKKIEP6R 
Bilingual, practical business experience required. Storting salary $7,4oo. 
Sand re sumo to: EXPRE5S-NEWS BOX 45oV 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

PROGRAMMER-ANALYST 

Knowledge of COBAL, ALC end CMS. OMS $>cptrien«B helpful. Shop operates under oS/VS2 37o/145. 
Contact 
LONNIE BUCK 
ZALE CORPORATION 
3419 E. Commerce 
San Antonio, Tx 7822o 
512-224-58o1 

I Men end women. 

 r e n T A lT 
Choice NE Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
82673*1, 1324 Austin Hwy. s it t t e x r g g f t , ( h d .t k b Tt: appliances, fence, SISO. 8267913. 
Small family? I bdrm duplex, no lease, low deposit, $6o 
United, 735-9121, toe (5261) bo Clean, move in lodoy and party 
I tonight. 3 Bedrooms, fully carpet­ ed, fenced back yard, covered coho, fireplace 
$25o per m s 
655-194*._______________________ 
Special J bdrm w ith fire pla ce , built ins. carpet, fenced, $25o unwed. 735-9121, fee (S1o-2) 

Babcock 
Rd 
I bedroom duplex .......................................SUS 
BARNEBSY AGENCY 
341-4455 
CHOICE RENTALS 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, range, S2oo. 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, immediate occupancy, S2oo 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, 2-car gar­ age. 1295 

C e n t u r y 21 
DELANEY REALTY *53-o55o 

L t ft TOWNHOUSE rooms air. heal *146 Water ad Pets* t i t Cl Mto-4oo Ira. Ne pets. 341-o444. 496 5*7o. 6344327 

 m ; f i i m r k i i A 
. s i i f ems pd I Bedroom M f Carport. Bort 
Barrera. 731 o*11 otter 5 7326o9o iNeor FT Sum ~ u ~ ) bedrooms. 

Wurrbach 822-9195 m n r i u ^ -pggr leers a d 
Baptist, bos and stares * Rooms rec * c orefed, SSS wk $1*8 me 
Bdls 
BB- 
236o*29, 
733-824*. 

O ff C incinnati, large V o«drm, 
SUS. Water-gee od 826o8o4 
WRTOTFAITMIRTf— buts ad ttoo 
1*o2 BIBNVILLB DR elf Weaner de..■,»•.,>«a Ne rd Modern I Bearpaw* **3-3*63 
o26*7*7 or 

,cj | M 
D U Motor RS lll-A S D 
N tk t Ah IBT-fAl'l UI----- 
TB X A S APT LOCATORS 
349-3*4$ • NO P B I 
North Cenlrai LocalloP. N lm iro f ana McCullough and IH3S Newly decorated Near but, adults only. ' 
No pets Unfurnished I bedroom. 
Water pd SHS. with pep * Mo 
Lease 336*3o1 otter * and woe 
Sends. *96o73o 
— 
6 A k H IL L ! VILLA'CT-------- 
Apartments and Townhouses 
SITS UP 1o47 Bepceck 3*6472* 

ON A M id OVERLOOKING SAN 
ANTONIO LAROE 2 bedr oom. 2 both, caver covered plant terrace. 
TNC MB RIT AGB 
IHS bootees et NW LOOP 41o 
H im a 
OR I Bedreem Townhouse*. 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

 luxury living in North­ east Sen Antonio 
ROM $215 
656-o182 

8 U 5 WILLMON W AY 

'Ina, scenic ranch, 2o min. SE. Fenced yard, swimming pool. Available immediately. $185 **7-1379 lou a les it- Ugh!, plush 2 bdrm . plenty et air. NW. $185 
Unwed. 735-9111, tee (577-3) i-l-1, Jan,“ cor p«i, covered polio. 
I large fenced yard, NE. 492-9215 t>6‘ V 6U WANT' Ie' rent or ieove 
; with option to buy or own your 
I own homer $2o6-so so mo. Cai) 
I INTERSTATE 828-o71$ til 8 pm 
I d U'F l ICK T L 'locotvd near'LacC- land R e frig e ra to r, stove, and i dishwasher Included. Bills paid. 
*2*5.346 42o7. «C4 433o 
Doonie Owens Co. 
Du rc m ww auk a 

 n r m i 

W e’D fin d yo u rs, fre e . 

7 OATS A 1 

3121 N.W. LOOF 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

4123 X CWTR Al IXPWY. 
I 7o2»4 

TO 

U t 

WAKEFIELo-STARDU5T J 
APARTMENTS 
J 

Weafty iecattd ox buJma 1,2, 2 end 3 badioor«. (11o > N ~ ™ 
(SSO. Ga lector caress irons A berth Star Baft 

•5o6W A K W E U ) 
^ 
344-4551 
• • I 

 ut. 
BLE 
APRIL 
43o-343o. 
__________ 
Eastwood 3-5-1" den, opp 

IV A i i A- 
S245 
MO. 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
I Bedroom, *12o. New 6Plexes, 
1121o BEL AIR, Apt. 3. 349-71o*, 
733-7 IM , *32-7741_______________ 
SY6P L 6 6 k ING ( Coll now for a 
Urge selection of I and 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease with option to buy or own. Priced from $22o-5*5o me. Call IM I PAA. 
Executive Real Estate 8265345 f f R -r e i T 
HTm 
------------ 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, cent heat-alr. 
$275 mo. Also, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 
N.E., $24o mo. 4 bedroom, 2 bath. cent heot-air. $2o$ me. 4S612M 
RED CARPET 
124 Thorm an hlaee, off iro o d - wav Neor Old USAA, 7 roams: 3 bedrooms. 3 bath, livin g roam , d in in g ro o m , den w ith woodburning fireplace, a ir, car­ peting, covered patio, laundry and double garage. Shown bv appl weekdays only. M rs. Gos­ sett. *21-3564, 22S ISH. 
▼6 w H H 6 Iin !--------------- 
B eautiful liv in g , carefree, cern venlentty located. 3-2-2 Garden patio to garage. Fireplace 

T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartment Locaters 8265739 
Try this "UCTT bdrm w D V oppl, fenced 4 pets, $17$ 
UnWedT7369i21, tee (5361) 

MOTEL USTmeS 
We need Motel listings, we have ready buyers wWhin 175 mi. of San 
Anon ie. NBG INC. Call A.N. Mar- rou 494-3419, 342-28o. o r w rite 
16oo1 San Pedro, SJL. Tx 7821*. 
MBG Real Estate 
Norfkside Pet Detective Agency for lost pets. Worthwhile, profita­ ble b u sin e ss. Has re c e iv e d statewide mass media publicity. 
SIS advertising weekly only over­ head. Part time proms to *75 dah ly. Asking SIMO. 736o511 Eves. 
Pendulum Lounge, Ideal nig h t spot near Lackla n d A ir Force 
Bose, coll after 4:oo pm. *73-81M. 

P L A N T 
A N D 
G I F T 

S H O P 
N E, Under $$,ooo. Coft ASS-4822 ar 
*565*84 

512 IMSnUffiTTONS 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short Wooks 

I, a ir hoot. storage, fenced, S175 
Unwed. 7369121, tee (5o7-3) 

 f 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

| O 
O o 4 4 T b o 

LA PUZA* 

Let us find yours—- 
2 4 Hr. 

TOWNHOUSE-AF A IT M IN I 
LOCATORS eee-oeei n u — N e charge to you-' 
“ th* Arm«—II—ah in my*. 

ApofSM uJT- 
TixiiauM 

Gas tweed Village Area, i- 2 l, den air, laundry, work shoo, fenced. 
J 

 ar den, stove, refrlg. *175. Dep. 
U-55o9. 
Economy 2 bdrm curiea« with air* fenced, SOS 
Unwed, 7369121, tee (5163) i m m i v 
L J Y P i v con. dominium tor lease. Custom fea­ tures. pool, tennis. ti>«nioc* T 6 tally rqo'oprd. trees, view o4 city, 
82696o4, 82o-o311._________ t umily pocked S bdrm, covered parking, fenced, SISO 
Unwed, 7369111, tee (5163) 
Fenced T u d rm ^ s ln fle garage, laundry connect, na lease, SISO 
Unwed, 7369)21, tee (526-1) 
T O F T : NT 6 ft " L i m 
------- 
UTH SMOKING OAKS 
62-2. super dean. prefer I yenr 

DAY OR NITE *56*o4o 
Morton Southwest Roo tty 
Garage apl near JVsA, has appl. cdr, pets OK, 175 
United, 7369121. tee (SU I) f t e f t k fs' i A ll bi rrs pd. I bdrm house only *1oo 
Unwed, 7369111, fee (S27-J) 

Westwood I-1 *V I, cai o«t, appl, cent alr-heot, kids, fenced 
^ U n tie d , 7369121. tee (5163) 
Windsor Ak. Area, new C am#ioi i bedreem, 2 bath, 3 car garage, carpeted, fenced yard, S27o mo. 
*56o212, *S 6 3 ia .______________ 
W onderland. Mod T e n te r. i-K rustic den with bar, weekends ond otter tom *81-o4oo. kVoodio wn 1-1-ie, sloe c u t. den, lanced tor pets, SIM 
X United. 7369121, tee (SU-1) 

3 bedrooms home in E T e rre ll 
Hills For sale or tor lease with option to buy. 
COMPASS REALTY 
4961*o1 4963o11 
H f t 'S fg * P A IK M U T H IX 

Ne pet 
814-478o 

 to SHS. new ly ts ar children 

341-4621 
• I.a . j i 

• Single and /a m ity 

• /iraq I qts* 
♦ To 

U n X X d F c O T T IF T r------- l- t Bedrooms, and Efhciences 
UTILITIES PAID 
BBH N. New Braunfels 828-4242 

SCU TI VE HOME 1,425 SO ET un 
I I acres. S3 I. with formal l.vlne ond dining l l XU Den with dual rn enlace, I wet bor electric Sit chon utility room, 15o6 ut Soiling carpets drapes. I courtyards, rn 
M i l IAI H T D fin 
. I tBMBStic view large tundetk with 
4 
J)QU WA I in I'D 
4 barbecue. A va ila b le M ay Is l le rlb e d ra w n s . 3i3E Courtland, » *••: P?r me or SAIS gar me b u ta t door, walk Ie SAC BREN- I partia lly turn with washer and 
N IR CO. 346H71 
___________[d ry e r 
D e p o s it p ed lease required Coll *95 Sot* 
J? ew'dkilufe A-TT:o B'Spdl, c .n iro l weather fenced. SHO 

 w m rn p a i r 
* I OO an, 

PECAN VALLEY 
H 
B 
B l 

115 MW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
Noclh Star Moi 

Apartm ents tram SIO* and up 
Near SAC, ceriveaient shepping, but lines Com 7369o*7 
TT iT W 
TTevls. A room s, b u t, 
VI hoot Of Centeno 
I. 346799S 

345o1 SMHiCROSS 

 bitts Od 3467o93 
P L IH Y L Q V r i i ------------ ah our apts have targe panes ar b e ica a te t, storage room w ith every apt end lets et cie set space 
I bedreem , I Parti or I bedroom. 2 bath Can today 
T H I HERITAGE i 
IS41 Bawcock at NW Leap eta 
341 223* m i PLfA IA W T O ri BB------- 
Southside I bedreem apts, car- shappinp, mo 
9274*o1. 821 IM I 

3339o28 ria g u m a X & K W : i m r n paul 1oo9 W Summit *125, waler paid, living, bedreem, both, kit en en Appointment 826o334 
J 

I ...I.MI.VI...I.WII.II I wjjMiii' i yf 
' ’* mf 
MWIMX. 
S W fU H ff I W99W WWWTf »(#»*# utilities poled, pool, close ie shepi pew n6i3So, 2269914 schools A ll b ills Od SHS 
■bomalt WonU Z Cd! AU41V!---------------- --------------- 
Mature single women to shore lovely 3 bedreem. I both, brick- heme with dee Heme located NS 
>« Shenandoah, by UBAA UT»A lUlKnm ^te"I'parlm vnf Mole •"" 
We have several people leekine to r a com po' l > person Cell m oi, rimed or loc 5*61 l l) y d d e u s I ahdJ Bj Nirpem s. w a , 
*m^ 
S E C U R IT Y child The BpprdwaBi otters I be 
PIUS dreams unturn Mr i m 3 beets, 
. 
. 
. 

F reach deers, tor pa hexed w in­ dows. b e d u litu liy le n d tce p e d , very private 
S A APASTMBNT LOCATORS 
*2o MBI____________ 

Close ie I en ase* ** »— »- ^ fnawehP wye Bs. 
SSI* Wast Avenue S49-4M3 
Burry QBItnpwuter Ce 
I a ac Tout, m eJern', I r l T I . I I ) 
BrptRW m 8264S41 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Large I and I 
U4o (UNFURN *122 SO l l* VANOCRHECK 826 23*9 
PROM 

OPP *4*o N NEW ERAUNFELS 
H W 
T y n jW e r r i b f t w a n , heme, mr m tiitery, t u t »2>-ooU 

I AUY DQ 
MOBItf HOM! IHC 
3561 NOP TMPAH AN 
AM 

MON PRI t i r 
..." .................11 
Three can shore a I bedroom opt pl the Ouufdwolk tar SUO each 
Peel, club roe rn end la u n d ry. 
C le** 
Sp 
Control 
Pork and m ) 11 .'I d 11n^|| 
ISM West Avenue 3*9 42o1 id r r y ettlinpw te r Co 
__ 

Apts. of DlBtinctton efficiencies 
I end I bedr ooms 
Furnished end Untarnished 

(OPP DAO BROADWAY) 

_________ I2 t-1 1 » 1 __________ m HABITAT APTS 
1 BEDROOMS 
A L L U TILITIES PO. 
HIS W EST A V E. 

_________ 344 -7 7 2o __________ 

TOWNHOUSE Per LBABB 
> bean 

 min Bunms ryOftymyrii 
HwllaHtD acres. ^M rn," K replecb!V u4 j {fothlnt down Only tw o meue-tn 

United, 736o131. tee (S163) im m e J ia le O ccupancy, Town house Ouptex, SISO me waldr pa 
Young m arried couple preferred. 
*2* 34o7 attor SPM. it s Easy lo Buy- Why rani end waste money I end e bedrooms, agma w ith appliances ond a ir 

412 nnnuriini 
I UrMI&hlu 
Clean privo iV b e jr m ^ p t h ^ o cooking, smoke, drink. 736S1S*. d o n v.n .e n l to T T T dory T, M vd 
C en te r, 
UT.SA, 
2 se p a ra te ream s:I wtth double bed, I with twin bed. Kitchen privileges with beth 736o2*2 after 4pm. 

Dunn A B ro d stre e t says ‘Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d ry and O ry 
Cleaning Steres ore ane et two 
Industries with the least taMure figures. 
K w ic k WASH co in o p e ra te d laundry and d ry cleaning test stores far saw. 
WE HAVE choice laundry loca­ tions in every port of San Antonia ready Ie build new. 
BANK RATE FINANCING 
For information eau Bd Floyd 
S13-4o4-J7TI o r v is it o u r w areheusa-snow raam at 54o3 
Jackwoad. Son Antonio, Tx 7823o 
Ford Commercial Sales Inc 
The World's Lo- 
Speed Queen Distributor 
PROF I T P o Y E N T lA T T d o in 
Laundry equipment, paid SIA 8o8 w ill sail to r 811,ooo Cash) John 
Phllpott 341-4o88 

PROFIT 
GtbaBnbm 
B illiard e n d e a r. 9 Poof Tobias, bar and all refrigeration. $9ooo. 
5317413, 3369*47 ll I AL es*ate broker needs work- mg p a rtn e r w ith salesm ans license and knowledge of com ­ mercial real estate in Son Anton­ ia. 341-7133 f t F B W f lm t guy-G ock "con' tracts, tim e payment plan. H ar­ vest machines and books availa­ ble. 
A rn o ld 's 
W orm 
F a rm inc.44o7 Oriskany, San Antonio. 
TX 7o242. «S* OOH. A nsw ering 
S *rvlct o4-733! 
?Et r - *T B w r e A t f u m w f c f tar sale. Two 4 bay eelhservico c a r w ashes. Cash a n ly t Bv ownvr 
Pr mr >i>ois only I *563o7*; 
337431o 
( w r e iA t r r v c w m i r w g r . 

418 • iO M T T I T O T M L f lt t t I 
ITIeanMWad cona itio T T o T T C e r 
Idroem house, close in Ie town. well est tamlty, reasonable coetl 
126343o or *76o*9* 
I 
'Wan! to rent for vacaHon, 4 be] droom house on lake all or part of 
July. I 3o65244 
H 

5o1 
BUSINESS 8PP6RTWiTtES 
B A R - r r a r o r r T i B f f r 
Nor inside 494-8931 w eekdays. weekends 14367394 
_____ ttIna Jewelry and 
(lore 
Prime Nu* rn east lore rw>. 
3,ooo sa n m i n eau S269sts 
T O Q T rY S T n riU T F W IT rT F Io 

Cotnputor o partitions 

ComputBr Frogrommirtg 

Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 

Nurse's Aido/Ordorty 

Coll 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

■HALLMARK 

A L A O - T E O H ^ ^ 

B fC O M i A U C IN S ID 
A V IA T IO N TICM N IC IAN 

 a Approved tor Veterans a Aifedittd k*TTS Institution b FAA Approved 
• Courses ie Airborn* end Pow*'pion* 
* Ouoltty for FAA AAP Uem* a Course Oorehon I? Ron*hs a fob hor* me rn Assistowe 

 visit OO CAU 
HALLMARK AIRO TICH 
113o 9oth JI., Stinson Held 
Sen Automa, Texas 71214 
^ 9 2 A -e .B 5 1 

- :U(On Inquires Welcome" 

 rottrtng, WHI train buyer 
ROSSI REALTY 
4967781 
Tr ir m i r w a u n d L D r ond 
Discotheque Ie being ottered tor sale. Reasonable term s, proven financial success. Contact M r. 
Stout. 341-8134, 4963229 
TKA&E or I I H ." ARY U Q T fL '. 
(22 units). Rent money m aker, 
Borgotn 8*7,5oo. 7364*71._______ llsed 18x11 ofHce," te rm s, fro * delivery 926*883 
A ll BUY 
Businesses and Inventories 
J. KAHN A ASSOC 1424822 eslriktlawa -p7CTf5b~Ch«. 
• ui Business tor sale in Texns 
H ill C ountry. (SIS) 347-S1I3 ar 
(91$) 2364478. 

 bsmhnp. flsMny, $)So 
Untied, 7369111. tee (5*9,1) l l, ovailaAle AAsrcb S, ne pet* or 
C tutor on, 1423 Wovofly. 736o*891 

F irst payment Ahoy. less tog-. rent. 
Paym ents 
Hob tamo* 

RAB REAL BSTATB *74^11* sninfi gill '^ea »»*•» O' •¥ I / parifOBU 
■ nyv 
.... 
-rnn—yi m? w—OT—vr iWI' i ii iv nm mn 
•i'Sn'ri,' 
Amt, ai r Just redeceroivu it roe rooms 
L Z T S o w J S 2 J S • * carpeted, heat oir, North SMM fenced $3$8 4364*48 
I Bedroom, kent-uu »T~- "-r.* waler pd Atter 4PM 73641*3 

I Brdm Aum house, btu I famify n m OW n ei. hoer hood. ctose to 
Trinity U. M cailister Fwy U M , plus u tilitie s . HS Dee. R ental 
»jk earn ani contract CAM 733-44*1 

 du pw il Ba*/ p i. Lorn, VVrJr 
(.urn, ton cad, orator bd- It*, me. 
1362722 

1822 9721 

Lorge 6 1 -t, den, carpet, appl, 
,air4seat. fenced, *1*5 
Unttad. 7369111, to* ($862) 
T l T Q f U M H i i i 

Ot> (rurt unity, must sell 
923-1318 
RbL'ffg Wn i - g P T O K T O kiY Y 'Tl 
Sen Gtobemastor Hand Tools and 
•.polling Goads to esio&ii»nttj re­ tail accounts Protected territory. 
A tote model step van or similar tru ck end a m oderate 4-ligure in v e s tm e n t fo r In v e n to ry Is required. Ne »n<uhise toe: Com fort 
M r.Kelly. cain c t 
(713)4467411 f f l 'AWlNG B lT UT v sT i oip— 
Goad area an W ed Ave St 5*8 buy* all supplies end Bitore*. 
I Sa A IM tai Estill 
3231 Wist AVB 

 j i i J u r i st ■bur 
FURNISHED $2*8 MONTH 1781 
I 
S HACKBERRY ST.2267798 
------------- 

3* Washers, l l Dryers, 3BBs 
E H ellcat I <> ah un 
Call 4324*$$, *86o317 r a y u n 
* a r r ; r 

WD AMK 
We buy worms under contru( i 
Worm or ewers needed 
512 *53 514o 
WORM ENTERPRISES 

(B1PHFH8SNJL 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ort o.topto* on th* Monvso that (abs al­ ter** mil bo IM aa th* botts *1 mon) 
•itheut drsaumhahon boaws* of sox unless th* job is * bonefid* et 
(upohonoi quaMicoiion 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
Th* Son Antonio Trivet* Imploynwnt 
Association has o up* (od* el I thus 
I* bhnh att its pivot* omployawnt agency momtan wbscrA* lo* w- to motion etaui pivot* employ mom omntMi, or when on compiamts. coll 
774 71o2 ai tto l*n *i ttusmoss ta* 

Executives 
Managers 
'Professionals 

Most of the batter, higtser paying lobs ara not advar- tiead. Haldana can show 
'you how to find thaw lobs and how to got th* inter­ views. Sand your resume 
(today or call now for a no cost or obligation interview 
Not a placement agency! 

W W 
I w b e r n a r d 
Haldane smB47 associates 

The only national job* counseling and career management service. 
San Antonio 

(512) 342 3196 
Sen Antonio. Tm*. 78216 
Alto Houston and Dallas. 
'cabio ix ic u T iv f' 
K«9,onjl 
Potion , Ch-c**o 
Oovaiond / Doll** Ovtrort I Houslon 
Lo* Angcu»/S*n trmcnco / T»mp* 
NvwVork ■ Fh,l*d*ipht* / Washington 

C G -O ftD M A T O ! jnouwqeytoblk I 

 ta Wgibi* to fa ear eowjyuu^ 

■not ‘ thTanM kol asg tor ai 

6BEOROOM HOUSE. *11*. 
JERRY SMITH, 4963*35 
L*asa7 L l-) , carpet, ttiskw ssM T cowl, air, teared BIBB I 
• togo 486)483 ar *464517 
L i l l f I m X . a e ^ TJ S D - r , 'f f f i f i 1 11 1 -;-’ 
' 
1 V S I ma. to# pato. I89W273 tatar 

■ K M T B ^ M l y i m i i i i i w iM T V B i 
Baar T a v e rn *, Coin o p e ra te d 
Laurtor'v* and Coto operated Car 
Washes 
Financing required. 

SU-MEET II UM 

EQUITABLE 
TROST COMPANY we spacial,/* in toe a u re n e * ta: 
•vhurtoi or Reel tsta to Note* 
•Fmoisciol Leaking 
•F e d o rmg Accounts Receivable 

ISIS 

1 IQS 
INOUIRC AT 2268314 
NRC Bldg. 
Bae 
‘tJT T B gA tU 'r t 
IO CREO 

 sun Antonia 

 iv equtppad. Priced ie i 
9264525 
HASKINS REALTY 
LOU tog I remodeled antt com et* to v furnished Foetor ana n ta r 
(om arett. A reel nwney maker: 
SIM per month 
2361*14 
PT 
8264919 
MutSTTFIor uJTU eileT 'C iTS iT to le e ik t m a k in g San A n te n ia 
: heme, would Uke I* make small 

 tor pH. wator ad, SIM 
United. 7369121, to* (*963) 
H iv W d P r KauTr7*7dT ~T 7m 

 e»o«titui NE 
___ 
EXTRA tor*61254 va ti bra an­ no. ail electric Kuchen, $234 a ile od. 
APARTMENT* UNLIM ITED 

 l i m n 
__________ 
Townhouses In O a f U nit. Levoiy 
J 

KjMjJ I 
I hysi# aywjlla Cmikil 
^e^PRP w —PRB* 888 Bito w w^QriRtonl^aR1^PttPat ''‘ $7888 luxury camplaa, i l l - i) d l 
__ 

 l l a b c » c k t h g m I i 

 a p o r t m t n h 

 fr e e U fd ttra s 
Country Lnxnp m rho City 

SPM 
I ) l oc o I Off'Tn ’I aV <T cli'"KI o r i K 
Range, refrigerator, washer and 
M U M A 
*243 344-o2*7, 

U r g * I M rm how.* separal* 
D a a n i# O w e n * Ce. h - T TH ^ t’aVed lh t t t r r i 'U IT range, re frig e ra io r and drapes 
. ^ 
.included tt4« 
3444287, *864338 
.. - - n s * i t i 
/ sa* sh 
D o o n !* O w ens Co. 
Unltod, 7269111 to* (5ta2) 
| t W 
| l T 1S S n ^ 
J 

! investm ent in beauty satan In est or Northeast to ta hen 
Achy* with 
Northwest 

492-99*8 

N j. IRMBI wor kl ne 

BUT HAVE NO CRBDiTT99 
Coll Uwtoh Finance 233 4871 ftvody g diV Ie purchase your real estate mar! 

- _. H i _______ . occeo o u i-, unon* tor Rte posit mn al J 
P o lice ONN or P retor cerfitled. 
Salary ooon, Sana Resume with picture to: J a BOYD PO BOX 
37S, FLATONIA, TX 7B941, glVIL' l toQIHll'l --------- 
CtvU Bngtaierkeg Oraftsman 

 o r o o e ^ g 't t r T c it lT engine** and a avn gpgtaeering draftsman web a minimum et 3 v rt esp. en subdivision im provem ents and municipal protact*. Salary com 
I m onsurato w ith a b ility . Phono j 14941S1 to ra p ta 
I CPA: ^reshatous nut I concorn. gun.tor o ■ coutaing ber d fMCOi j ton! Bvnei.ts St4 fK . Tom Snow. 
I 341-2*41 
SNBLLINO A SNELLING i Employ 182 W RECTOR Service 
! 
^ Q TT6 ^ (J i~ to r W O L 'sT L 6'tt" 
Greet eery In te r a 
I 
I ria id.) 

 ft mor too** 2261471. iM A L l~ ffSto6tt L6A to( 

 rn vc mal in* 
FINNEY A Assoc Personnel 
Cons, $831 CoMPPhnn No33l 

JUST PROMISE TO PAV 
AAA CREDIT 
226*349 
Sfui ling, expand th tn E I a n t ibT« a ccou n ts re c e iv a b le .cosh a v a ila b le to r these and oth e r rn ahey u n t o cbM 4724887 paw. 

 bos 
Ok f n o m in & i s o Si! LIIiF uFlffff 

Need A BSH, 4 3 yrs exportonc* 
5I6I3K, to* paw. Celt John vest 
I 
Locke Cmptovmcnl Service 
: *269471 
*444 teens# 

 j d i T r o i r r n i c r r n r c r « r x ^ 
I n a rd H em an* $ Assoc, t i l l ) 
343-2146 t***.** I,< y - N* t • 

 let’s 
Be Honest I lf you weren't looking for a new career, you wouldn’t be reading this od. lf we weren't looking for someone to do a job, this ad would not be here. I am interested in talk­ ing to o mature per- ■ son; a person who I knows how to toke on M a job ond do what i t ] tokes to get it doner] 
To that kind of per-a son, we offer a l tremendous com-1 mission soles career. 
Coll 
349-3718 
IO AM to 2 PM 
For httervmw 

REXI EST ATI AGENTS 
Ar* VOV considering making a thong* rn leal Esto!* Camporees? 
.De you fwd yourself unhappy orth your pen oaal production ana con t quiet put your finaer on th* cousa? Mom you asked yourself tiles* questions lately? lf you bow, xdty don't you cad 
OUM* OWERS KALTOtS and mb for • confiden t^ interview (on­ coming bhat 
Doom* 
Owens laotian Ins to offer regaling pro­ fessional hewing excettent tem- mtnion shucture, Hoppy taJ'fiq em w e n id, ton an epperfvnity to became e member t i the Cbor-' hbed Bed Coot XRUOtt OOUJUt 
UUY CaN 344-63o7 

CO.-) 

R EAL ESTATE SALES 

Ow/ t«nlinutng txpenston ho opvnvd rvvidentisl telvi position- far (a r**/ oi it «i»o par to m with or without ••pe,l*n<* T#u> sui co Si potential is thoroughly s i , pioiod in our 
(Ontidontisl in tfrvw w i iito n tiv* in house I tioimng p« o ft ore 
Colt tttfi 
Nt&mnii l/ookhollow uttict 
494 7651 a. ferry Wgcovf tan 
7*4/* ON.i* 824 O IH .' 

 k a s c u r& V iiT l£ > 

R fAITOKS SO (KS Of 1RUS1 

NATIONAL 
COLORATION 

8 sod-Horror, and 

 lf m u am bSueg* for 8 and eat 8 LOA. ae staid ta* to discuss vow uwu, .. with our firm M »•: un* pro 
Item, b y mumm up to ( ITOO per mrnft, tinge benefit pro 
------------- n j. ^ t . . 

 a Ma j o r d e s ig n e r 
M a n u ta c lu r* and im p o rte r of: con sum*/ o/oJuc tv need* an ag grossly* and preferably expo lanced Sales Person to call < 

 tnt*/view, a i Georgs I M u u. it 

Bb ha * * b 8 :3 o ond 12 Moon 
Mon., Tore., end Wad. 
($ 1 2 ) 7 35 -4 7 o7 

D im m it County, near active ell pipy U6I4BS after SPM 
SITS 
82oo 

 wvtuH Accounts ie th* Ptarot, ain, nursery 
Our clon ronlor tra d * ta io u fo xe s Starting draw vat* a ti*!, 

, 
.^ o « d ta Sou th# rn n c m o p u D iA 
I BRITANNICA I 

 dmmg. dir, ktas OK. edit 
United, 7369131, to* (SSM) 
N r . u . H . tod - I LU, r , ~ , 7 T T d T 

! VFn 
Y T tfr 
T 'fum fT . 

6 X/Mtoo north of Loop 41o 
Oh Babcock turn left ar Springtime 

6 5 4 2 S p rin g B ra n c h 
6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 

ON, tone*, gar ag* $14$. 82* 7913 f m r f Y T O T Y T 7TJ fT'.T 
T 'e l r , fence. *1*4 834 7913 
ImeH house ly r ' me TIT Elver 
South, vt nato or couple side Or 
448 24*8 iT T T ~ T k T p p e r 7 Y Q I m o's" g o l f 
Course), Bt, air, tone*, den, par r n 

 both, ll vin* and dining with bra- place Bacauan) area w ith bus and convenient to Pl. tom . shop ping centers, etc No pot*. I ch Ha permitted $275 6 dep north loot) hic. 
It. TOM* M L * r 
82 

IS 
8167*11 
REALTORS! i I J S'OT T " ! I*3 re 
•26 $o34 r r E o H T 
. . i i ,i i I bdrm . carpet. Rprpga, luMv^caoeled, • N^wOwctric urtcH•« att phi* ad, *14* united, 716*111, ta* 
3). _ ■ ! 
» i4T T a t 7 -»hu J p J’r iw rita 'S psd 
■ * • 6 kid* u r.ii.il TIB9131 
........I 

IS Pell OK 

VERY SPECIAL lom in.um tow nnouM , I 

4o8 DOMES. BHUXEI 

 c p u r n it 

C pndpasinium d re e m s.^ to m ity ro o m , 3 t r t j 

 doc4#* ui#a°ftA*otn * * * 

Action A pl I (KOtor s. 8261333 

 i m m i w 
Why aet own your awn bom * 
|jta MUH K ASSAM Putof f llUfttlt V i IcAdWlM A 
IpeP- OPipw< OPvwOf™■ CP18lr 
%r«■ »ttv . 
Atame Hats Bcbaals 
Ne ar tmoni CON i 476718* 
PAT m c v b v r e a l e s t a t e 

R om s al 5)56 G E N E W ILSO N 
REALTY INC *56481* 

12 3. caipet, ne pets. $19$ 
344 7 544 walkon * ken OIS M ot m e d u Ta (~ if fcU Y t I ---------- cere# disiiiKtive cestem French 
C entom perary heme dosiynod 
Hike Townheuso ideal plan tor 
. 
. eniurtoining, terraced reck yard 
HITI re e lin g I 
IS t LOI' IF -- ii ii < t 
City view DWNfeR W ILL LlsASfe 
BOM 5o8U me 4*4 i t l l 
1X76155 ANO Nt w f 

 a 5 inc iud*itc eely * !• • dew*I Ne c re a u t, i rob!em I 911-ITM, *71-4714, I 

 s A o tkw iii o«». .4* 8 td a 
In vo stm e n t t a p p r t u n lf y lf fu lly I le ased m e d ic a l d e a to l b ld g , la I 
S 

 rowing business area, ediecent i modern residential or en Rosy access ta m ain t r a rtic a rte rie s 
M any o ta e r passible uses when ■ looses expire. Ftaanciag avail I 
: 51*648o 
I 
M ONTS VIS TA R E A LT Y 
7 36848$ RE A L TOR S-MLS 821-8875 1 

MOTE. M V T m 
Over 48 units, dom * peed, ai tan! cpndritan. Easy to buy Cpu 
494 3419 A N 
M e r re v 343-1188 
H B P Reel is to ie 

M IE L IN IIH COBHTRY 
S u c c tis fu i M e te I In tb * H ill 
C o u n try en US 381 to r s a lt 14 
U n its, 4 a p a rtm e n ts , a n d I b e ­ droom attice Od I to il city Mock. a.r < un en inned, indepth unit 

 w ith tots a l e ta m id elm trees 29h> 
O w n , O wner w ill fine n e t balance at 8% ever 2o y e a r6 Joe M M I, 
11 OM BMI- 
IHI AC HON NUM St 8 ro e fa st ut s u its 
T i AC I TOUB WANI AO 
IN IHI 1X7o1*5 H IW * c a u 335 ie e e 

SI? 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

DA V t b iir4 CLASSES 
NEW C LA S S IS 
BR O IN M ARC H I4to 
K eypunch, S e cre tp rta i, Account- usa- D ra ttin g and AU O ther Busi­ ness Courses. 
Vet A pproved, E n r OU New. 
DURHAM COLLEGE 
18* SAN P iO RO m 5481 
Pinlsb Wieb lc h o e l et ’Uemiii’ 
D iplom a d w a ru vd F or tree 
- 
I th e re , cpu A m er icon $ cheet, exeat- | tree : I 886*21.8118 
“ TKLrMAEK AIKO itcy<~ 
1118 99th IT , Sfinsea Field 
9268$$ I 
L e a rn h re fe s s lo n a l t t ik T f f H D 
ING A M bor AAANAGBMENT. a w o rld -w id e p ro fe s s io n . Jobs in a*(fiend in clubs and restaurants to r men end women 
BROTHERHOOD s c h o o l o f 

 j r t 
I n te r n a tio n a l ce t r a i n s * 
! e re m o te s fro m w ith in t N e v# a i d e s ire Ie be Ib e boss B i t t Ca- 
& an dmp, need 4 Dave C H W 
> 9238344 
411 SB/ M ilita ry 
J at) s South P lacem ent Service o tt'B IH U T . o u iW U m usician I . p la y C ann o rg a n S u n d a y s fa r u n ity C hurch, 124 r i l l , avenida* 
481-1433 Rev. Ot*4on 
1 
Persona! lI m s ( in je r w r le r “ 
M ost hove I y rs esp. u n d e rw rit r , . i mg personal p ro p e rty pud term ly 
.1” , eutomubito Salary open. Contact 
| Je rry M itier 734-24o1 
Prgle'ssieripl'SxecuM yg 
Conseita»i> In t'i 
Perseitnei Censultpnls 
*243 IH 18. Suite Ase 
*12 7361143 
(h e re * Personnel Service 

Utah OO rn.ne* provided ewe w orks 
■ 

J P R W M W li h a rd Th# m eek and those M f I 
W 8 am ong the high w itting to were uuttauv tong hears ?**, 
U M e M 4 days a weak need not apply 
F le e s * sand R e sum e ta : r a y 
RO BO X 444. TW IN S 
I I D ------- 
M A Z U R 
BURG OHIO 44887 n r r r c r o t h iW i V g ^ n n n M lh * one th in g e v e ryo n e needs 
Real E s ta te ) We ll tra in ta u ar p a rttim e 
C asv to <<e w ith e a r s p e c ia l p r o fe s s io n a l tr a in in g sc heel -is* expartonca necessary 
We furnish att b u ye r* end sellers te r you O M bete you get deans** 
Q u ic k ly 
C e ll IN T 1 R 
$2*8)55 til l p m 

I We WRI fro m 
I. M agi n<..g ca r 
4 We w o rk leads app t b e s it 
F ar pere— t i in te rv ie w 
COM 732-21o5 
E xp erienced beek men only co ll 
341-7348 e tto r H orn only 

I t T A T E 

 s)32 sovereign Or 
Voile 148, ($11)3*9 )541 

 x w J W W Urn ottering tree en tab assistance p m discount ta Veto. C all new 
349-1481 
1o1$ 
JAC KSO N -KE L L E R 
Suite 
281 
New C ta t se* begin M a rch 7 

TEACHERS! if t v raining Tee cher pla cem ent 
S P E R SONNE 
H s p e a r s p e r s o n 
387 JacbSPH-KeUerW 
E L SRV 
8261392 

 baM NB ie i«s sous d a up ittivd kotos pee 
7162191, 2$8t West A i 

FARM AMO RANCH SALES 
Colt J M . Cm ninon, nee der 
BOB JORS, ftULIO ft 

 k # s ! g ro w in g w tu lv t o ! a u t 7 and la n ite r ig l su p p ly com panv w . - w . . ,v, 
, reeds o rn * it lees soles reprosen lf you v t been aw ay tra m w o rk 
* 5 ? bes been lu llin g on to r a while, being pp Avon R e a r* 
2 * * * f H i e x p e rw n c * in sentohv* is perfect. You w ork tor 
2 lf* . J L f c o m p o n y bern your s*M, set your own hour*, sell • * * * J * " * ®"<‘ com m is won Coft b a ta ta p ro d u c ts , a id earn e b e u t: * % w e t o r appt I bom -2pm . Mo 
$48 pa eery $1o8 you sell, 
I 
* Pppbr CP. 1169411___ 
CW I 2268941 

Get bock toAVON 
> work lh * easy way. 

 lllfw g u a t t r a v e lin g V o le s m g n 
-'o 
%% 

FO OD B R O K E R S A L E * P E R 
IO N to c o il en iu p * rm a rk *f« in 
H H V T O B M H V i w . 
. . . .th e S an A n to n ie a r e a , s e m e 
S a la ry 6 co m m issio n . L e a d in g g ro c e ry e xp e rie n c e n e ce ssa ry, record com pony Apply ut person so le rv ra n g * to $94o(i a n n u a lly , 
19o8 
F re d e ricksb u rg 
R d .'in te rv ie w w ill bv c o n d u cte d bv 
9am lp m 
M u rcb IS, •— d br let re s e n t. Ie 
Johti K irkw o o d Jr., 
New Classes begin M arch I 
- N o m Q u a lm ** lo tos pee pie, cab lo u fhw oi r fc h o e l of U e J lc o l "A s 
A 
■ 
L m m i n u L fs s a ffs ir i 

7 S U R I ! I A I 
. r x ix t d i. 
I Sotos m m o«a person to r o u r of i J L j 
I fie * Cod 8364494 New Day Per 
1 * ***.• £ ’" " " <*»» j sennet CenslH, to ! NE Leap 418 

Lafe tan Aw 
62*854 

8 Seutas aion lo. Tx 
IO? 

CAU 235,14 

2 

A t a s m m m m 
LINES S T T 

I 
# d a y s r n 

N O N C O M M E R C I A L ! 
CA N CEU A SU 
' 
WITHOUT 
'■ A R A H CHANG! *) , 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK 
RE 

Express-New>— Monday, March 7, 1977 

“ IMMEDIATE” 

I n — d t w o g o o d p o o p l o w h o : 

 a) Are willing to work 6 days including Sat. and evenings 

 b) Not afraid to get their hands dirty 

 c) Has high school education, must have good driving record 

 d) Needs to earn a minimum of $ 1,ooo per month 

 e) Desires the opportunity to advance into management 

Qualified candidates apply at once 

5o1o W ost Avenue 

 sib - OFHCEI cmtm 

W orld’* Largos* Tomtit* A Pest Control Co. 
Division of Rollins, Inc. NYSE J 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER, 
E E DEGREE 
Requited with knowledge in Computer and basic control type instrumentation technology. 
EXCELLENT PAY AND BENEFITS 
SEND RESUME TO: 
MRS. LM. HARAW AY, 
EMPLOYEE RELATIONS 
ADMINISTRATOR, 
DAT AND ZIM M ER M A N N , INC. 
L O N E S T A R D IV IS IO N , 
TEXARKANA, TX 755o1 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M ZF 

6o2 SALES 

SALES r n wk 
*22-2711 1233 SW Milt 

LIFE INSURANCE r BROKERAGE SUPERVISOR 

Life affiliate of property casualty com pany has opening for experienced life insurance person with some advanced sales exposure. 
C IU Designation or studies helpful. M a n a g e ­ ment aptitude a must. Position calls for salary, bonus, company car, expense ac­ count, group life, A & S, and pension, 
Replies held in strictest confidence. 

Semi complete resume to: 
Robert o. Hiker, CIU, Manager 
P.O. Box 2786 
Houston, Texas 77oo1 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

NEED CASHIER 
For Ladies’ 
Ready-To-Wear 
Store 

* E x p m m a ptffSK to 
Apply in person to 
Joke Upton^ cJL 
37o North Star Mod 

Vie *22-2711 1233 SW Military 
Job Expert* Inc Placement Scr 
Telephone tai**, solid sponsor! 42 years. Convention Bonners Adv., 
Convention Book. Coll for ap- pointmen!. >28-534o 

THELMA B PRUSSMAN 
• R E A L T O R S • 
Wants you. Join us now. Due to our continued growth, several openings have been created. Bu­ siness Is good. Liberal com m is­ sion on listin g s. B r in g yo ur license. Call 124-2347 tor apo't 
--------- t r a i n e e s $84oo+---------- 
Local and National Co. E x p e r­ ience helpful. Chuck, 349-3S41 
Sharpe Personnel Service. *322 
Sovereign Or., Suite 14*. 
T R A V E L ~ 'g E~P ' " A rra n g e ski taunts, group tours. Start S13.2K plus airline discount. Lee Baker, 
341-2S51. 
S N E L L IN G B S N E L L IN G 
E mploy 1o2 W. R EC T O R Service 
Unique growth opportunity with a 
$2oo,ooo,ooo com pany tor those who qualify; salary, and commis­ sion o2o-SSo1. 

PIX SHOES 

• Store Manager 
• Cashiers t Stock 
Assistant Manager 
Sales Personnel 

Openings now available for San Antonio’s newest Fix Shoe 
Store on Wohem Rd- across from Windsor Fork Mall. Ex­ cellent opportunity to join one of America’s fastest growing shoe companies. Profit shoring, paid vocations and mtdkol insurance available. 
Apply at P|x Shoe Stores 
73oo San Pedro 
694 S.W. Military 

ROUT! SALIS 
TRAINEES 

 cgg W . Interview* Wednesday. 
Mardi o kern IO PJR.-4 pa* 
Dr. Pepper 
Bottling Company of San Antonio 
319o L Houston 

 a*- 

Handy Andy 

DICTAPHONE 
CORP 
HAS OPENING FOR 
SERVICE REP 
WITH GOOD ELECTRONICS 
BACKGROUND 

★ Excellent Benefit 
Package 

★ Salary, Vacation, 
Insurance and expenses 
For more information, coll 341-25o5 fqeel Opportunity Imploytr 

EXPERIENCED SECRETARY 
EXCELLENT STARTING SALARY 
MANY FRINGE BENEFITS 

Type at least 7o wpm, short hand 8o-1oo 

Apply in Person 3ooo E. Houston 

M onday-Friday, 8 am -5 pm 

W e A re A n (q u a l O p p o rtu n ity Im p lo r e , M a le a r F em ale 

JOBS a s 

612 r n 

613 -W IK I CURMI 

The 
National 
Personnel 

Need 2 expe rien ce d C lo se r* 
P roven m arket, high co m m is­ tion*, no out of Docket expense*, lead* furnished 
___________ 736-3123___________ 
W anted; experienced full line vending route salesman. For Info call 341 M SI 
W E W ILL T R A IN 
E sta b lish e d in su ra n c e route. 
M a rrie d , b ilin g u a l. S ta rtin g 
.sa la ry S U S weekly. No expe r­ ience. *24-8121 

Technical 
Management 

Fowhon require, management, direc­ tion and auperviuon of engineering mttoHohon and Monte of otarm and mdu.tro l protect monitoring tyttom.. large ettobinhed company wtfti muth-cdy operation. 
Experience or bockf^oimd rn electronic, required 
Security experience helpful 
In­ dividual mutt hove proven manage men! ability 
Good opportunity ond future with growing argon, lohqn 
Send retune including education, ex penance and .alary requirement, to the txpre.i and Newt, B a i 
No. 
4542,Ta . Tex 7 8 2 *7 

WOW 

■ m ^ System m 
M B B 
Dunhill 

PERSONNEL SERVICE 
S niff’ tn t, lr P M South 
Scut \ ll . Loop 41o 
Son A ntonio. Texas 7 8 -/6 
(o l2 ) .149-1744 

DU ft Hit IS kiwwledge el tedey s lek "» *+ *» provides o professional Approach to tho obtainment et your career goals. Oar confidential service will offer yee op­ portunities to eft year voteable skills and background to accomplish thew geek. Dunhill It e professional 

Mon or women needed for profes­ sional telephone sales Unique opportunity. Day or ovoininp. Coll 
Gory or Bort 34* 4847 or 349-43*7 

6o8 S M M U 

 service for companies that believe "profits begin with 
* the nee 
And therefor* understand th*'coct of Wring these hey people ti ens ore OBPtOYQl R I FWD 

 need to absorb 
All Dunhill poll­ 

 oi C Penney 
FINANCIAL SER Vias DIVISION 
MANAGEMENT I SALES POSITIONS 
Too ar* cordially invited to attend a presentation regarding an unusual opportunity hi me San Antonio ors a beginning at J p.m. at th# Oak Hills 
Motor but Regency loom 
K Penney Immunes Companies will host omopportunity Se tm nor to ex- plain its sales marketing program lf you hove on interest in manage me til and sales muttons and being associated with on* of the iorgest rebaters rn th* ILS., we would like to boor bom you. for further information an attendance, please contect: 
Sam Aleger 
4414 C«nt*rvi«w # 1 5 o 
734-7724 
1 Opportunity Employer 

OPENING 

 for 2 experienced salesmen. Tindall 
A Son Pontiac • 
GMC Trucks, Inc. 
Contact 
Henry 
Tindall. 

L E A S E A N D E A R N 
We need an axparMnced loosing agent ar we will train you In our leasing dept. Applicants must be famHtor with apt industry. Inter­ ested persons mutt submit a let­ ter at references and resume and also have a current real estate salesmans licansa. Earnings are dependent en your oblllty and hard work. Will work in Austin. 
Quolttted parsons send letters and resum es In care of: Personnel 
Dept. IMM W. Ave, Austin, T X 
787o1. 

 l < K A l AfwCWA V b iiT h ih u t f e -R-. start now, opportunity tor good earnings, you pick th* hours, we trotn,ter mtarvlaw call 454-5*14. 

•YOUR OW AGENCY* 
Farm ers Insurance Group offers complete training program and all typos of insurance. Continue present lob while starting your awn agency an part time basis. 
Training and supplies furnished. 
For a confidential interview, con­ tact Sa le s M a n a g e r, J e rry 
McDougofd by colling 824-7573 

SBK 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We can train you to earn up to $4.oo per making calls from our office, we ore on the Bus line and we hove free porking. 

 lf you ore 18 or over and need a steady job with o chance for advancement please coll 
Mr. Brown 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

M ANAG EM ENT 
PO TENTIA L 
Morkating arm at national hard­ w are com pany naads salt su f­ ficient confid en t d isc ip lin e d professional salesman ta screen dealer applicants m th* S'W esl on com m lsslan basis. Phenom enal future far qualified person. Call 
Mr. Morris an (817) 7744316. 

 m a t i n a l e a 'U F A k V "L o c o T ? 
Will train! No overnight! 82oK potent 81o,8*o bas*. Jerry Ward. 
341-2SS1. 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
Employ 1o2 W. R EC T O R Service 
NA TiSW'AT TCAiiy Alii? ----- 
Need females and males, sharp, aggressive, neat dressers, prefer people with modeling, cosmetic solas ar related work with public 
Good pay, com pany benefits. 
Must have own transportation. 
C all Tem or B a rt 349-4o47, 
349-42*7 Boys; o21-4o74 nights 

M A I O T T A T I 
You keen that few Bae* 
I M M agene* me to MgA to- 

 t r ; £ r £ 2 L c 2 L for; Bm 
In w e i i 

JJSJSiSJLl 
CBont 

Hake~ta —ak * a aranga. ara a Beele abraid to a n na at 

IJ aayassMt agaah prefer b, lingual. M i nom rn MPM Cai— guam NM 
• (iceboat narking cookbook b Plenty mi Lead) fou im un im 
IAN ANToMo NAL CHATI 
RgaHoft — 3494531 
3 2 3 1 W IS T A Y I . 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

I need two 
Kill tim# ie liable teat estate salesman 
Call 
Norm 
How slay tor appointment 
*53-6364 
653-2566 

RID Carpet 

•tai. t m r r * — 
»• «*»* 

 r n * c 
L t u e n i I#* 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

SEILING TO 
MACHINE SHOTS 
Wo art opgmng a second mdus Trial supplies warehouse and Mad a salesperson lo sell piping systems, compressors, hoists, drill bits, grinding wheels and other in­ dustrial products For op 
C nfmtnt caH flite mrath at 723-18o1. 
T H I PERRY 
SH A N K LE CO. 

N E E D 2 L IC E N S E D R E A L 
E S T A T E A G E N T S in our 
S o u th sid e office. 
E a r n between sn,OOO lo i3S.eee per yeor purins and selllnt real estate on a stat* wide basis. 
No exparlance necessary, will from 
JACK MITCHELL ERA 
R E A L T O R 
532-31o7 

8o4-TECmHCAt 
A V IO N lC ?iY ?H N T c 7 A ir 
Local establ ca urgently needs your exp. M ary 12o-44*4 New Doy 
Personnel Coesite, *o1 N E Loop 
41o 
__________________ kio-Mc-dical En gin e e rin g tech- nician GS-7-49S bed Medical and 
Surgical Hospital. M ust have S years experience of which 3 must be specialized In th* field Start­ ing salary $11,S23. Am ole vaco lien and sick leave and Irin g * benefits Eaual Employment Op portunity Agency. Apply Person j net Service, V A Center, Temple. 1 
Tx 7ASo1. o17-771-4o11. Ext 442 
Eiti"si4-2S.oE*------------ 
Entry level or experienced. Call 
Ray Burns, 349-3S41. 
Sharpe Personnel Service, 4122 
Sovereign Dr., Suit* 14o. 
F lL E d L f e 6 k : k E i* E k d f e R " 
D R A F T S M A N T R A IN E E 
Consulting enginaering firm has opening tar a F lit C lerk M e * senger-D rattsm an T ra in ** HS graduation required Salary com­ m ensurate with abilities. Call 
349-o1 SI for opp!________________ 

SECRETARY 

High school graduate; soma college work prefer­ red; one year office ex­ perience; type 6 o wpm; shorthand and bilingual skill preferred. W ork 2 :o o to 
1 o :oo p.m. 
M onday through Thursday, 9 :o o to 
5 :o o p.m. on 
Friday. 
$ 4 5 o to $ 5 o o month with all benefits. 

(Apply with 
Mr. 
Sonny 
Soliz, Southwest Center, 
8 o o Quintana Rood.) 

ADMINISTRATIVE ASST. TO SALES 
Fe e Paid 
$6oo + 
This person must hay# a combination of skills in order to meet compony requirements. Well groomed, detail minded, flexible, ability to work well with others, both dient A co workers. General office background, sales helpful and a degree a plus Professional attitude. 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
Ftt Fold 
$7oo-S8oo 
Oil A Gas secretors! experience is a prerequisite to this compony president Typing of legal documents, oidt on purchasing, financial rtports, and statistical reports, deception work involving good phone presentation and coordinating hoovy travtl for Compony President 
Northwd* locations, plush and conservative offices, and a bundle of benefits. 
GENERAL BOOKKEEPER 
Fie Paid 
This fast growing 
$55o-6oo 

Nitro parson lo colicin retailers and wark magazine display S day week, goad with math and abl# ta meet public, salary S IM per week plus expense and benefits. Far interview call 
Bab Bronanber 
132 2oo3 

--------------H I W b U A d T f e 'R 'i -------------- 
G ro w in g again , n ta d m ere agents ll you want a chance I# earn and loam while you grow with ut, call soon 
M A C R E A L E ST A T E B28-2S21 

N E E D E D IM M E D IA T E L Y 
CIVIL E N G IN E E R IN G 
D R A F T S M A N with at least two vaars experience 
In and thorough understanding of- subdivisional tai layouts plotting streets, plan end profiling, utili­ ties and related w ork. S a la ry co m m e n su ra te w ith ab ility. 
Phona Mr. Marlin ($12)474-4451, 
Austin, Texas 
P f t 6 6 b A M M * B A N A L Y S T T 
Ability to onalyz* administrative, fiscal, or outer specific ogencv problems to determine if an au­ tomatic data processing solution it p ra c tic a l an d econ om ica l. 
A b ility to p re p a ra detailed p rocedures for tho solution to these problems. Applicant should hava degree from 4 year collage or university, supplemented bv considerable experience in an ­ alysis of automatic data procats m g problem s and In computer programm ing Salary 118,42o an nualty Send letters af application and resume to Director of Per­ sonnel, T E X A S Y O U T H CO U N 
CIL. SSM Shoal Crook Blvd., Aus­ tin, Tx 78744. Deadline tor ap plications: M a rc h 18,1977. An 
Equal Opportunity Employer s W T ^ X n iri5ntio63-------- 
Business machines. SS depends on you Paul Eller 
*23-4344 
41] sw Military 
Jabs South Placement Service 

R E C E P T IO N IS T $52o 
No SH, Meet and Greet. Ideal NS. 
Call 349-3541. 
Sharp* Personnel Service, 4322 
Sovereign Dr., Suit* 14o. 

Retirea professional m an with offices in downtown needs mature exp bookkeeper-secretory with exceptionally good judgem ent 1 
H ours and days flexible. Send resum e to E xp re ts-N e w s Box 
74*3, SA . 782*7 s i c : Action clacked legal firm. 
Ne legal exp nee Our fee nego­ tiable 
St. SSSO-f. Norma Scott, 
341 2551. 
S N E L L IN G B S N E L L IN G 
Employ 1o2 W R E C T O R Service 
SEC o i l L o 1 
-t our fee tor typing skills! Ideal for prestige minded! 
Tops! 
Kitty 
Kirk, 
341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employ 1o2 W. R EC T O R Service 
S E T R E C FT-------------- 
Coed skills get you career spot with n atio n al co.I $4o8 A nn 
828-44*4 N ew D ay P e rso n n e l 
Consits, *o1 N E Loao 41o 
---------5 IT R E T A R V 

Th» hut growing company needs expenencsd person in heavy accounts receivable, general ledger, preparation of input to computer so must be knowledged* of lookeepmg A Data Professing. Chance for od vancement for quick learner, and mohvoted individual 
ADVERTISING SALES 
Fee Paid 
$6oo + comm. 
Uke to write your own paycheck? You con if you or* on aggressive pro­ ven salesperson and onjoy meeting th# public Transportation necessary 
A groat opportunity for tho sharp tndrviduol who likes a commission chock weekly. 
BOOKKEEPER/SUPERVISOR 
Fe* Paid 
$7oo-8oo 
Previous bonking and computer background is a must Wit! se perns# IO people in th# lookketjang Dept. Must hove oddity to motivate staff, ar­ range work toad Ona read computer pnnt-outs. Background in ac­ counting will open th# doors to foster advancement in winey ond op­ portunity. 

A r c* arati Payable $6oo + ot least 3 yrs. tsp rn accts. pay NS All benami 

Peryrol $47$ at least A months exp handling payroll tanas every A months, NS, ob benefits. 
Oath Typist $47o + 
Severat positions «pon wtth wrying typing speeds, 46 SS wpm. no exp. necessary AH locations. tecepHarawt $475 
Some work exp flooded. 
Groat advancement, moot tory ond position. 
Typo 
4owpm 
IT 
Ir a a n n v M 
L U M Cwnrato— Or. F»J 

KELLY GIRL 
W ANTS THI BISTI 

• SECRETARIES 

• TYPISTS 
• STENOS 

 i t PAID VACATIONS 
* REGULA! RAISES 

 i t NO FII 
* NO CONTRACT 

C A U o n C O M I IN 
Kelly Girl*] 

A DIVISION Of KULT SIO VICI* 
46o6 Crantrarvlraw Dr. 
Suit* 154 
736-24SS r I raqi* ynr 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS! 
Advertisements in Hies* columns ora occoptod on tho premise thor uke Jdnfad m D Ka filing a- Akra 
| 
(itT pf SHJ WHI DB fwIwD OD TTP® nous of merit without drscnmmo hon ber oui* of sox unless tho job is o bonofide occupation#! qual­ ification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
Tho Son Antonio Pnvato Employ moot Association bos o rigid Cod* of 
Ethics to which att its prorate employment agency members subscribe for information about pnvato employment agencies, or ac­ tion on complaints, coll 224 71o2 at th* letter Business Bureau 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
METHODIST HOSPITAL 

 has th•$« openings: 

IN$— explanted in these areas: labor and delivery, E.R. 

 ond S.I.CU. 11-7 shift only. 

MEDICAL TRANSaUPTlONIST - Medical record, 3-11:3o 

 p.m. shift. Requires 2 yean experience. 7o wpm typing, 

 medical terminology. 

RESPIRATORY THERATY— Graduate therapist, CRTT or 

 eligible 
C onfact Personnel O ffice 

77oo Floyd Curl Dr. 

Squat Opportunity Employer I 

♦ 

Lutheran General Hospital 

 a ATTENTION REGISTERED NURSES 
Immediate Full Time Openings For: 

OPCRATING RO O M 8:3o-4:3o and 3-11 

RECOVERY RO O M 3-11 

INTENSIVE CARE 7-3, 3-11 and 11 -7 

MEDICAL UNIT 3-11 

PEDIATRICS 11 -7 

• IV N - TULL TIME ORT 3-11 

• REGISTERED NURSE PART TIME OPEN ING S 
EMERGENCY RO O M S 3-11 and 11 -7 

Special Pay for 3-11 and 11-7 Shifts Experience pay, special­ ty pay and revised salary plan plus full benefits. 
Contact Personnel Office 
7o1 S. Zarzamora 
434-5252 equal opportunity e m p lo y r 

I 

I 

I 

I 

N O FEE 
TEMPORARY 

With today s rat* of in flatten, why not fight beck by wori'i-g temporary ond earn o high howdy rate of pay Work as tittle or os much os you desire. 
TYPISTS 
I O K EY 
S T E N O S 
M CST 
MTST 

Off ICT > OildCAl 
I R E C E P T IO N IS T 

SOSI rants I 
6 i T ri m u i » m h 

S3 PEK NOUR PIUS com m ission ta start, collin* on our customers. C ar necessary. 
Must ba neat end ctaan-cwt 
4»4-$en 
_ 
P io n * Organ '.aln* p e r i® ( M F ) 
Mead net hove e xp e rien ce In saltine these products but sam * ptaytap ability Jab apparently attar p atantip l af $16 $28.8o* depend!** an abomas Will train 
A M I* to fexprass-Naws Box 34*1. m n ___________________________ 
Real Estate '(air lo- i. dur­ ban property aa sit* soles. $$M par month draw n apainst com mission 4 * 4 - 2 3 1 8 
_ 

W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
4**-IBIS ft fe iu M tS -T R^ P t s ^ O N A l- 
SE R VIC E 
828-8742 

$4oo------------ 
Call Lynn 828 44*4 
New Doy Personnel Consits 
♦OI N E Loop <1o 
Secretory " id ctaphon#! J doy, 
$48o B an ke rs Em p. Svc., *7oo,- 
Crownhitl, 828-4123________ 
I 
Secretary, light dictation, $ day. 
$45o. B an ke rs Erne. SVC., 87oo 
Crowning 828 4123 
S e c re ta ry 
N o rth sid *. 1 a n s* tyg* personality*, coll An- 1 area 732-21*1, 25o1 West Ave. 
Jabs North, inc, Plocemt See 
I 
^Voles'sidnol firm i 
Deal with lots et clients. No SH. 1 
Start to $8oo Jo Guntar. 341 2551. 
S N E L L IN G B S N E L L IN G 
Employ 1o2 W R EC T O R Service I ifecfrC T A R Y 
S A K * 4-------- 
Sharp you needed Immediately! , 
Call Sue o21-44*4 New Day P e r­ sonnel Consits, N I N E Loop 41o t i g f t E T A l T - ' Yo P resid en t. 
$7oo 4. Airport area, attractive surroundings 
Call Laura HPI, ' 
341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mptor 1o2 W R EC T O R Service 
Seeking legal secretary with ex- i penence in trial procedures and ability to perform duties with a , minimum of supervision Salary cam m ansurat* with experience 
I end abWfty. 227 31o4_____________ 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
• Admin. Assistant 57oo+, Public Rotations 
• General Office, $5oo train on payroll, Coll Pat Kirk 
• Outside Sales $96oo, busy co. Call Bob Haines 
• Manager Trainee $98oo+, Stable co. Call Bob Haines 
• Dictaphone Typist, $55o, Sup«r boss, coll Irish Tenet 
6 Assistant Bookkeeps $6oo, Friendly group coll Irish Tenet 
• Secretary, $75o fee paid, legal terminology, coll Dick 
Powers 
• Payroll Clerk, $6oo, Blue Chip Co. 
SNELLING A SNELLING EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
82o3 Rough Bidar 
657-1123 

11 o r b k M a a f a r a 
Kam ov aurar tee V K I 
IM C a m t t o n b t l l M U 

Variety filled lob eats you $4oo 
• 2o-44*4 New D a y P e rso n n e l 
Contin, N I N E Loop 41o________ 
« r '•7-pMonlst. IIN type. SSS goon phone voice, North#Id*, call John 
732-2191, 2SO! West Av*. 
Jobs North, Inc, Plocemt Svc 
S E * 'E R ty p in g , dictaphone meet, people s S o o 4 C e ll D e * 
• 2o-44*4 New D a y P e rso n n e l 
Contin N I N E Loop 41o Sud* SIO 

1o-key, tom * experience m book keepinp. Office experience and thorthand required B v appoint­ ment only 494-S237 
SALE REAL ESTATE 
Secretary typist, jowly n i l Watt 

STO P N GO Accounts Payable 
Dept has full Nm# petition availa­ ble. ttattsNcai t v ? '" * required at 
SOwpm and mutt ooerete 1o-key by touch Apply 2o4 E Rhaptody f l l t Tr VY «r5 F fc R A t6 R . pappy- lanced, te w ork nipht shifts 4 em J 3o am, North M d* location, lcall o24 *481 between 8 am and 4 pm Equal Opportunity Employer u t i l i t y TS l C T k sSts------- 
General etc . Ut* typinp. NS, ben- w m d m t F b b b r i ^ h 

PHARM ACIST 

 opening far lognterN 
Frater exponent* rn 

Salary 
Rotor* thiftv comm*mural* with ex- 
I... - m M m ^4 kl im a* ai Lri i Agral 
CWBrtBflT uRfvwttT* wtW* work mg tondrhraiv Sugarier an vtroarrwrrT cenduov* to prefottianol growth aid 4*v*iopm**l H in­ terested, pleau contect 

PERSONNEL DEPT.' 
SPOHN HOSPITAL 
14)6 3rd St. 
Carpet Christi, Tx TMM 
( S II) M+IM 1, b t. 12b faprai Oppert— tty Ewpby* 

FILE CLERK 

( S e r v i c e D e p t . ) 

• Jo b w ith V a r ie t y 
1 * 
. 
*' 
* 
A v'^ 
. 't' 
•* M u s t H a v e V a lid D r iv e r s L ic e n se v 

- A p p ly fro m 9 to 13 d a ily 

See: Tom H e d g e in Pe rson 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 

9 4 o o San Pedro 

4322 
PRODUCTION 

BILLING 

SUPERVISOR 

 large (U vartHiag'B p a q r 

W* ,* looking to* « who con wot wtth drto-i, and who lotto pods rn a fab w*V 

 track at houri ai 
W 
M cran- I toto at wall a# wortmq with ararao"* a lh* Cora pent 
Oonenel organ<ahon and nOl -r to wort with nuwto»n it a mali Soto,,. $44o pm month 
Contact your noorost 
TEC Office 

 eftts. Call Fickle, 349-3S41 
Sharp* Fertonnel Service. 
Sovereign Dr , Suite I N _________ 
W ont (ecol C o il# *# Stud ent 
Clerk Typitt, bookkeeping exp hetpfel No tmoktna, good Poy 
F IS H E R 'S , 14N N E Loop 41* ti? MOUL 

SANTAROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 

IE M . E S T A T E S A U S 
, m, i j iii erin* p chon** or appl vin* tar a he en set CPN me tar an la- 
I torvtow We atter a pond commis 
‘ stoa, profettianai training. TV odvortism e. a mea oftica. ond 
I affiliation wtth K E Y D IO U F 
R E A L T O R S . R a y C a rn a t io n . 
I Realtor 
R A N D O LP H R E A L T Y , i F f f j- k , u i H u h eoiesm pn tar subuT- ban property en sit* sales. SSN i per month drown anoint! cam m inion 4*4 2116 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE • 
FUUttCIAl 
Tccounholi -, ■ J"TTTecenT^rcT! 
B B A f 55o 464-1444 
I F S TH T ti A t i l k ---------- 
G roat tiurt ta r m pm t m indad type 
Ma” its U M New D o " P er tom ne! Con tits. N I N E Loop 416 
S t t V L t n t S i S I L t K T 
A k ¥ F I ~'Eg Pi'i "g i7iT o r f », p 3~ 1 
Co" 717 
M a s t ba e x p e rie n c e d tS 4 o o 4 . 
CPN Ethel Pickle. 34* 3541 
S h a r p * P e rso n n e l Service , 4112 
SavpralBn Or., Suit* 146 
____ 

Son uud steel fab rica tin g firm so a k s degreed a n o u n la n l e * fir < <enc*d in Steel fab rica tio n costing to estab lish ad va n ce d cast sv sta m s tar cu t tam and m odular shop M in im um 
S y rs a x p a ria n c* fabrication en­ vironm ent E q u a l appatunity am plover Sand re tu rn * to E x p ra tt 
N ew t Box 451* 

 m CHARGE 

MANACfB 
L a d ie s S c cc la ity S h o o 
N o rth sid * location R etail so la s < axparianc# with M is sy custom ers im portant Apply am y it vau have p r o v e n s o la s a b ilit y 
A d v a n ­ cem ent opportunity, t n a p * ban ttitt. s a l a r y ♦ bonu s. In te rv ie w with resum e 
Con M is t T oy tor j 
*24 5441 
Fuhi Alife PA6PIT lU IIM lW H io u a r * ind astribut, can tetiow instructions, and desire indapen d s n c s. we m a y h a ve th# exact port tim * Pum p#** tar you Send a short letter ta E x p re ss News, B n * 
N e 4523. i n t l We Witt Cad 
» 
H a v e I o p e n in g s in te le p h o n e 
•rales derat Fu n time a ad-or part tim e A p p ly SSS I Citizens P a rk 
■ ■ ■ (oft F re d e ric k sb u rg B d pt| 

M 
N w u a x w e r a 
IXFfRIENCED 
1 
OUTSIDE OEHCE 
SUPPLY SALES 

A cK passivd now b vsm as* 
S#d*ry ♦ asnran. 
CaH for app* 
69o-8276 f t U d k a l C ttrttr 

 o p t i c * S u p p l y 

M 
M 
M 
P 
M 
M 
M 
M t 

REAL RPPmmiMfTY 
W ont exp erien ced sale s p erson tar sales m anager et s u m d e p t tar whatasdt* 
Baroi com pany. 
732-8245 

SSM B r a Tribes (8oo 
Mat"! ca tra m s tu to rs m in d e d 
Need I Pout Eller 
*33-4344 
411 SW M ditery job s South Placem ent Service 
SAUS - CASHIER 

I M R S 
SPECIALTY STORE 
M ust have e sp rn retail fashion selling and enamoring. W onderful a p p ly. M a n y b e n e fits C e ll tor appt AAT HUI 714-MSS Ti 
T u p s Sat 

It you ara tho m ao I am M ooing tar, I wMi loach you ta sail par w oes per month tim * 3 e v e n in g s p er w eek a n d earn up to H I M par month. C 
4S7 I W M IPpm only 

JAY’S 
N O E HLX 

CREDIT POSITION 
L e ad in g co m p a n y n gg d t a sp e r I lanced piton* collector with goad te le p h o n e v o ic e 
S a la r y p lu s m onthly banus. P o rm a n o n t pas! lion with advancam ont 341-41*4. 
! 
I # ! Jr. Accountant I ><x>u j 
D e a r**! N a n cai take com m and 
Naad 2 D a y * C risp 
*23 4344 
411 SW M ilitary 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 
M A H A f t t U g U T nat l ca Superb troinm p ana ben 
* M s Pegram t * J M 
Tam Snow. 
34! ISSI 
S N E L L IN G E S N E L L IN G 
Em p loy 162 W R E C T O R Service 

 r n a c * f m i A i 

 i B r T • • w ^ B T • E ^ R ^ T u ^ ^ 5 T ,* 
•Ic. sal opgn. b u m * helpful, tee nope No trifid 
Century Placem ent Service 
ISS W Century B ld g 34* 1371 
E y r i r s i i : « e m i l y - 
M a g card esp required Northsid# o ftic * S a la r y * p « n 
C a ll M r s 
Oom m dt 349-1377 

SS5o FEE PO SSOO o r eve Sh* Goad typitt! Phone! 
S P E A R S I I M i n i m I ill U M 
2o7 Jackson K tiler 

61o OfflCf I CLEHISAL 

ABOVE AVERAGE EARNINGS 
G ro w in g co m p a n y h a s o p ening for accounts payable - receivea bl# clerk A lto includes general a cq u e n t frin g e 
H o u r s 
F rl I S 
A e e ftU N T s ( l ^ R K iio r t SSS/ and a raise in 3 m onths D ynam ic well-known ca Coli N o rm a scott. 
342-2551 
S N E L L I N G * S N E L L IN G 
E m ploy 1o2 W R E C T O R Service 

ACCIUS CLERK 
Type 4o. mature, good esp 
Sue *21-2711 1211 SW M ilitary 
Job Exp e rts Inc Placem ent Sec 
SSM Accts Clerk Mtt------- 
Lit# exp! N at‘1 cai T y p e * IO key . 
Joyce Rest 
*23-4344 
411 SW M ilitary 
Jobs Inc Placem ent Service 
A ir p o r t R e p re se n ta tiv e , m u st w ark w eekends, fun spot St call 
RO SI* 733 21*1, 75o1 W est A v*. ja b s North. Inc, P k K e m ig r e 

 s 

 r n 

 r n 

IMMEDIATE O PENING 
I 

© 

© 

ACCOUNTS 
PAYABLE 
CLERK 
High school grad, with ptwd moth bock ground IO k«y by touch raqutrod. No 
•xporwnco necessary 
P le a s * C all 
M if f M ilte r 
735-9392 Ext. 31o 
■OHM f 

" r n 

COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 
«| 

(Rating and W riting) 
^ 

STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 
£ 

2 2 5 -2 9 9 1 
U 

Experience Necessary 
^ 
I # # © # © # # # © $ © # © * © § 

© 

© 

© 

ASST BKKPR SSSQ 
Type 4o, grow with ce 
Sue *22-1711 1233 SW M ilitary 
Jab E xp orts inc Placem ent 5 *r 

AUTO TULE CLERK 
Experienced, burt tim# 3 d ays a week Coll M r s Foulfc 237-142o 

BANK CLERK S6oo 
Typing. SH, office exp 
M arian *22 2711 I I H SW M utterv jab E «Ports Inc Placem ent Ser i X W K T Y J n w r f ------------ 
L it* typing! Good advancem ent' 
Call B ro d tar fast hire 
: R ich A A ssoc Em ploym ent t ry 
484oA Son Ped ro 824-o441 

•BANK TRAINEE# 
Clerical p o s h io n 1 M ove up fast I 
G loria Bl■» o ; j » Jab Placem ents 
E mploy men! Say. 531* San Ped ro 

BILINGUAL 
CLERK TYPIST 
.« 
Bout 
Co 
I 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I yodr tx per lent* 

Port Tim* 
2 Nights A Week 

A P P LY I N P C K S O N 

FROST B A N K 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 

I O O W . H o u s t o n St. 
(qual Opportunity tmpfeye. 

•78 13*2 Lucchese 
■ 
W O N D E R L A N D ■ 
U L I I m # it D iii/fi 
Ie ll TM per month Caff I 
M o r o * * * 
| Par lacpf Mawar wholesale dis lf yeti M in i yea hdve pbllllv Jar I tributar naaBid Excallanf appar- trp ln la * la aaw spap ar sa le s, hmity tar ad vsn cam anf sales es- circufrafH o, ate 
A p p ly at 1214 aer ranee a must, not necessarily 
W i l l A v e n u e . L e a s t a r t in g in lh * Bald C M I 3**2728 I am 5 so la ry. during fram ing period i pm rR V l l T M W n r aiip T p - p n t i 
TAT T I t R A iir e i— aetat, a loach et cla ss tar p ra t 
I I M * p ar raaak, I y r fra m in g figm us n a il h r rn H I K training p ro g ra m p a id fn n p a b e n e fiis sal than com m Pea P a id I L a # ! RaWrad m d ilary invited Coli O 
M I ISSI. 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy I M W B E C T O P Service 
11 quill At fa m»a^g mein rail* 
Loop 416) between * 34-11.36am, weuld like I* be ear m ag 13,SM per 
Pf 4 36 7pm. o w n MIMS F o rtra n month rn th * next M d a y s CSM 
Ikiudra. ask tee 
M r Candy tor 
M r 
A lie n 437 1 7*7, I l i m a r interview 
_______________ _ 4 5pm only________________________ 

I X 4*155 ANO G I W 5 
C A II 335-1444 

Grata. CLU Metropolitan L II* 
712 *745 
Equal opportunity emender 

{IT S M i : Ir M n S t S O 
Nul l cpl Cor furnished. Locoi terr J tho Hempfon 
*23-4344 
413 SW MMilory 
Jabs Saufh Flee amant tory ice 

JOIN TH! BIGGEST 
Job Ogportraly h Tom 

T Y P IST S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Knowledge af Spom sh Apply in parson HTS Watt Av* 
I tip i secretary for Nor th > -o , raw oftic* Real E ila t* esp required 
Salary cammansurat* with ability and exp 7M 437I b d R f C k a l TYY s i t e sk iiisp T i 
I you super tub) $464 Sea Doe 
• 21-44*4 New D a y P e rso n n e l 
Consits. M i NE Loop 418______ 
IN IHI I x re I vs xii W5 
CALL I i i 1444 

1224 
E 

I T C H J & T P M H f A re Bi bass, friendly staH and plush af flees 
I set bookit Kilty Kirk, 
M i ISSI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employ 162 W R EC T O R Service i m 
* w m e 6------------ 
Top Northsid# hr rn! Salary open! 
Caff Brod 
Rich B Assoc Employment STV 
OSSO A San Podia 824-6441 
Souk Ii # r a « * small •pWIm . T 'J o ,. 
5456 E a n ke rs Em p SVC., 1766 
Crpwnhdf. 628 4123_______ t-eakheepor, | day, io u ih S4IS. 
Bankers Em p Svc., 8766 Crown hill. BIS i l l ! i g f t w k e e n f t 6 t N t * A t b r 
T IC E references required 
454 IIH 

 l 6 6 k k 'd f P T S 6 a nr f W 
IV Z help needed Apply In person 
Kingston Mfg Ce l i t Third SI (al 
Broadway) between lam lpm w p p h jg ys 

$4oo Cashier Racept S6oo 
Plush, outgoing officer UP front spot! Lite skills! Interesting peo­ ple Paul Eliot 
*13 4344 
411 SW Military 
Jabs inc Placement 5»rvic« 

CLERK TYPIST 
Bilingual, type 56 wpm Must have drivers license Call 474 222o 
C o llo d io n 
T a ll• r N o rth sid # 
Bank needs new hurry t, coll An drag 711 21*1, 2561 West Av# 
Jobs North. Inc, Plocemt Svc r e i f i e r lv"r# T *p k o n * i riay good bonus 5*15 bunkers Em p 
1766 CrownhiH. 821-4171 

• MTST A MAG 

CARD 

OPERATORS 

W e hove temporary 

 assignment available now 

 apply today 
MANPOW ER 

•WOES* 
•ftNS-LVNS 11-7.3-11 
Non-sm oker please apply 16-12 
Hillside Manor BHO Ga ult Lane i 
821-o4o6 
D E NTA L ' H Y G IE N IS f to w o r t TO I ch ildre n's clinic. Part-tim e or ; full-time Coll C3* :348 tor uvm 
Downtown M O desires Medical 
Technician, Spanish Language and references required Starting tolary $456 month Reply to E x ­ press News Box 449* 
FEE PO 
Experienced D r's Receptionist 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L SR V j 
267 Jackson-Xelter 
826-12*2 
12K 4 + Director of N u rsin g 4 yrs. experience required, call I 
John 732-21*1, 2S61 West Avo. 
Jobs North, Inc, Plocemt Sec 
I 
L I V E N c 6 U P 'A W 6 n ;------- 
Mature ladles to car* for tho in­ valid or elderly lo r n an excel-1 lent salary, par! ar full time. 
Room and booed paid wookly No toes RN sepervismn 
P L E A S E C A LL 234 I M I 
Work wtth prtdo ond reenact 
I work for Hememokors Upiohn an euvoi ouuartunttv em ploy*r i 
L V B 
... 
7-1, ll-?. Pall lime tor nursing horn* R i f t o n sniffs 734-5533 
LVNNEEDEfi 
AN stuffs 3 11. U-2, 7-3 Apply in 
, person st. B*nodilcf Hospr'a: and 
-4 N ursing Horn* South Alam o at 
Johnson 222 6171 Equal Op po tunny Em ptpygr. 
IVR RELIEF 
7-3 and *-11 *34-6134 m ^6I<;A l b lM T A L --------- 
See Sunday s od, many lobs. 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Mad Bldg 4*6-**lt 
Medical Dental trop Serv 
N r, d now. nurses1# aiacs must I be certified, fop pay, hurry, call 
ROSI* 722 11*1, 2561 Wast A v* 
Jobs North, Inc. Plocemt ive 
| 

REGISTERED X-RAY 
TECHNICIANS 

• Hours 7-3 

• Salary Nagohabla 

Apply Personnel Office 
Santa Rosa 
S I * W . H o u sto n St. 
228-2843 
(qual Opportunity Lngteysr 

RN 
7 -3 shift 
Full tim e 
Normandy Ttrract,i 

I n c 
648-o1o1 
841 ftkn Rd. 

RN’s 

3-11 SMH 

Part tim * and full lim * 

734-7271 

: 

© 

© 

© 
© 

 m - r n i 
"try 

• • • • • • • • 

 o o M H R fS * * join Th* Nafien7* Loader 
H O M E M A K E R S U PJO HN 
We have offices rn ever 215 cities and have em ployed m er# I h o n . 
52,o66 health car# workers in tty* i m 
•'fill. 

 t o n n r a w # 

MEDICAL TYPIST 
Preficienqr la m*dKsl rn ■ noloq'y 5rC kon,Ii gwrad 4o hour aeek 
Si 
•mu fed iring* benefits, j pacants tested. 
Send reply tai 

EXPRESS NEWS 
BOX 8149 

 is r u t ! 

 g e n e r a l o f f i c e ' 
Hanoi* various duties tar esth ca! 
Gets you S47S Call Ann S II 44*4 
New Day Personnel Centits. M I 
NE LOOP 41o 
G IE L #JllbA V sropi*. att rocky* le aking for m ore (hon lust a salary a ssist in g in sm a ll growing business Travel a n d tang hours m i s i H ___________________________________ 
G R E A T Ca needs ratty 5S46 
Can Lynn 828^4*4 
New Day Personnel Census 
9o1 M I I toft* AIA 
G RO U ND TtT STa R oT 5T" 

 lost yeor We ere lh# notion 
•eader because we offer 
•Competitive wages 
•Interesting Assignments 
• Flexible Scheduling 
•Supervised Work Cond ii ran# 

D ictap ho ne trainee, l f SB co. train s, geed typ in g sk ills. 
5556 $575 cpu Andrea, 732 >1*1, 
2561 West Ave. 
Jobs North, tnt, Floe em! Svc 

ECO N O R E S O U R C E S 
Neeos Career C ansuiiunts lf * IOU 
Wests,d*~ 

Computer Operator, nights, tx cedent benefits, $466 4 B ankers 
Em p 
Sec., 
1766 
Crewnmil, f t M it i. 

COMPUTER OPS m o r/ (ji ion *21 2711 1213 SW Military 
Job Experts Inc Placement Ser e i l l T & M t ' ST T V K f c " $ o 6 1 and good benefits Meet lets at 
! people, lite type Cod Jo Gunter, 
341 2551 
S N E L L IN G 6 S N E L L IN G 
E mploy 1o7 W H EC TO R Service 
CAIL 225 ieee 

C sp beekkeipor, westsids, Tptri a ffica. S d a ys, typ in g sk ills necessary, pivot sited dudes good phone voice F rin g e benefits, salary depends en oddity, im mediate epenmg 3*1-6341_______ 
Expel teated • o w kk **p tr only 
Experience in tnvemgry contr el i eor a*i.ng tedgar entry pay red 
Salary open Sena resume N P O 
Sox 321*3 SonAnionte 78214 t k P E f t iE H t Y b F UL I f H A I ST 
BO O K k E E F E M, b eautiful 
SurraundinBS, p*rm on*nt 

IMI N U M S Ik IO C ALL is l l s ieee 
I X en 155 AND NI Wk 

P e rso n a b le attract -need 
I 
*24 4481 United Per tunnel Consul 
44* C S W MiUtory D r 
I 
K e y P unch kenk p'esifien, all stunt esp preferred, leg st. cell 
Row* 7111)*i, IM I West Ave 
JeoI Nerth. Inc, Plocemt Sec 

U U OFFICE 
C e n a tio n credit cashier clerk 
Meet type. billing. 5 days, hnance ar credit experience preferrtd 
CPN 124 (fit tar gnat. 
_________ ; 
5TTk « gx»cuWy» K »mat4. fcaHioBd ar equivalent Engush and Span lilt schaalinp good office exper 
••nee type 4S W P M . eutpeina peisenality Sand Resume Is * 6 
Bes *144. San Antonio 78264 

•BFFICt JQSSo 
I need audit Clarks, invontorv 
Clarks, bkkp lr amaas typists! 
Olar is IU o137 Jab Plocamants 
E nipiuyi rant far S II* San Padra 

OFFICE MGR 19ooo i s * typo id. heavy bk pa 
SUO *12 in t 1231 SW Military jab Experts inc Pipe amant far 

SS4o RKtPHEi PO 
Type* Ans phonal Llta books! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L SRV 
367 Jackson Rotter 
616 12*2 k F T n m W T T T u T T T T F 
Friendly, prominent and proles stoned sugar sharp hem M s HUI, 
141 ISSI 
S N E L L IN G « S N E L L IN G 
Employ IPI W R E C T O R berglet 

 il l - M I U - H N B 
Attanhanhors4ToyaTr^rao#«nf% tar graon s. must hava frpnsaar- 
________________ 
Italian, and ba abit ta retacofe 
F in d aet w hy we are num ber * * • * 
* 
* 
W a r n e r 
(...interview now ond see it you Ranch, 512-379-1*57 • I ta 5 only qualify Many interesting assign A U T o H AR T S COUNT ER M AN , needs 5 years ar mara axparrenca in accessary whaais, tiros, auto b a rfs and high p a rfa rm g n c a 
3 2 4 -2 3 4 1 cqgipmont 214-6741 wark -U h prrai ana reenact 
J U T6 W W W f6 ~D13Y BT M A N ' for wark tar Mom* makers u p roan should hava previous rated earl# 
•quai apaartentty emptor*r sp its axpariance S a la ry cam- tit f g lTf F 'l t 'b ft ll 
I ‘Isaur s i 'l 
*kbarianca and 
Monday Friday, soma travel rn- 
'n 
;-------- valved, must hava awn Ironspar 
B U IL T UP R O O ft n , lehan, attarnafmg waakands Cab Map man and toff roofers 733 *131 far oppamtmant, 14f-«Ul........... .." “" 'I A I PI Y (Wi'T lT T T 'ft " 

 meats ar* new available lo stet* mg ham* car* and privaN duty 
Far a persona! inter view call 

RESPiATWY TBEIAPY re you certified ar rapisfari 

V IN Y L IN S I A L L E ll 
Both positions r*uuirt x y»or, 
Arn rnxlttmO or m toxtor^l 6»Bd*fanCa Top hourly w ag*!, mt W W toto 
ItftVB EPV T wqpwww* wy*i : ^ 
^ r <I<M tl k ^ -.t.s. f tee* 
^ • Ms Mao a a he # ■ bewe u- to ne- if vra nejd cgs " EvEMEH ” v sn y ar ar* *Wl * V» V sr- airarroi f e w m d M w J x t w k Z toe I POM 22*1 l l I Crown Floor ion la you Comuatiti** saHiry C**V?T\ 11 l j '“ JTo11o **"?*. 
, 
E xrangni cran# ti is Alt shifts open. I 
IT H Caahtar Parts 52oo wk 
Contact Judy B rou ssard , RT. Loa Neat ca' SS expands on you I 
Plow Ma mar tai Hospital Denton Need I D ay* Crisp 
Tx It f j il- t B * ’ 
Ffi fc'r-t a k i n g wMfc^ ar ? ,’ peri*nc*d Aides, oil shirts Coit s*a**7# botweon *ism toro l i m skin F ull lima' ----- 
N o rm u n d y Terroc e I n t 
4464)1o1 
841 R IC E B d 

• JO 5, RN NANTIB 
M *n P rl C o 'i f#r 
Haatfk 
• 
Ham* 
224 2731 
San A nion.o U *'efHs it r V r ia s 
Placements, inc , M N E Loop 
416, Suit* IH E . 349-4)1). 
WT nTiT L I f y i T T a b v t r 7TT 
N IC IA N far pbyticinns group in 
Uvptdo Texas Na waakands. Na n igb lt References and exper­ ience required Cab 224-1174. Ash far Ext ISS far intelmui,on tor c*.~ Workers- (B'llbMlirll Ibb H E for lap pay. advances, cai* Joe i l l IM I. IM I Wast Ava jabs North, Inc, Ptotamt Sac 

614 n m h a w s 

Aulamabita air conditioner ser­ vicem an wanted. a«part*nc*d. 
Cab 73* 451* far opal 

123 4)44 
411 SW Mdilary 
Jab* Vee lh Placamani Saryica 

CRANE mum 
SIG N E R E C T IO N natl Garland hydraatic 4 months m inimum kxperiaaca Group in­ surance. paid vacation, *6 hour 
, wtrak IT I* N Pow 4m Expwy 
D IE S E L an gia* trod a *n *ra io r gppt exp. L o c a l com pany, it hour 
Caro «*ak proof bairam* SU K. Jerry 
Ward, Ski I S s T ^ I 
IN E L L IMO 4 S N E L L IN G 
Em ptor 163 W R EC T O R Sarvlta 

OKIYTR TRAINEES 
Vie *32-2711 12)1 SW Mdilary 
JebExpert* inc Ptocement S«r 
"T n ir y nT aT T r aSsM s siYT— 
N o ta IS to start today! N ot I 
< aa tutor* lh* Kaby 

 g y p ~ g f t f a g M K n ’W 6 T g f « 
COH bf* bari 
Mfw aan is W orn* 16pm 
T v r t i i r r r e f g— inmr. 
D R E S S E R wantad Girad working condtiians 
Cad 
*M 3124 ar 
*84 2222 
B CALL 315-1 SO* 
I 

Sixth Page 
Express-News— Monday, March 7. 1977 

E i ^ n u y j i j j j a jHJSSL 
(ti-MUI-TMK! 

JOB OPPORTUNITIES 
TEMPORARY 

Friedrich, o division of Wylon, Inc., has several remaining openings for individuals with 

 skills in the following areas: 

Grade 8 
Tool and Die Maker 
$4.94 

Grade 7 
Electrician 
$4.59 
Maintenance Mechanic 
Machinist 
Jig Builder 

Grade 6 
Set-Up Operator 
$4.2o 
Model Maker 

Grade 5 
Air Conditioning Repairman 
$3.8o 
Inspector 
Die Setter 
Case Assembler 

Apply Monday through Friday, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. 

 r i e d r i c l i 

A Division o f W ykiin , Inc. 

San Antonio, Texas 78219 

An Equal Opportunity Employer (Male/Female) 

 s n - s u m - M K S 

TYPESETTER S3 BD nay *12-2711 1233 SW Military 
Job Expert* Inc Pipe amant St 
Wonted: experienced Lino Mo- chanic, plenty of work, frlnpa benefits. Insurance. Blo Country 
Fora In Boerne. JO minutes from 
Son Antonio, contact C harlie 
Dickey, 227-M4o. 
___ _ 
WANTED: Residence)! air condl tion in fl service m echnanic. 
Steady S3 week year round work. 
Good frlnpe benefits. Excellent opportunity with pood future. 
Servicing I motor brand of equip­ ment for established company. 
Must be qualified to service cen­ tral air conditioning wilts. 
341-7141. 
AND 
Mod WA KB HOU SE 
COUNTER MAN, must have pood penmanship and experienced in all phases of wrehouse work. 
Permanent lob, fringe benefits, call 341-7141 for appointment. wArttUdUSfe f>Rt<yiR------- 
Some experience-good stable company. Cedi Brad 
Rich A Assoc. Employment Srv 
AMO A San Pedro >24-o441 

CARPENTERS 
MUST BE EXPERIENCED 
To do maintenance w ork in now homes. 
Call between 8 A.M. and 1o A.M. 
3 4 9 - 1 1 1 1 e x te n s io n 3 5 4 

"Work With A Growing Company’1 

' Permanent e Better Pay 
• Benefits 
EXPERIENCED 
DIESEL 
MECHANIC 

 a p p ly 8 - 1 1 a . m . d a i l y 
McDonough Bros., Inc. 

8 miles past Wonderland on (H IO exit at Beckman 

S 
EXPERIENCED DIESEL 
J 
: driven 
: 
• GENERATOR MECHANIC j 
J BUST K EXP M TNI FOLLOWING* 
• TYRES Of DIESEL GENERATORS 
2 
■•-IS, ■»-17, 
: 
S 
BW-IO, EMU-17, E M M I 
J 
ANO ISO KW 
•TOP PAV WIW MOPPTTAl • 
; awo w oe w n e . 
• 
• 
CONTACT!.IL WOOG 
- 
S BETWm • AM AND 44o TB Z 
; 
AT o14-4oo1 

 and BAT. B SUN. contact aiA-erso 

SZO - HELP WANTED 
62o -HAP KAUTH)! 

■ wiscauuwEous 
62o - KIP KAUTH) 
I 
AU TO M O TIVE 

W s p d m s o - O o iiw y 
Mast ba neat and clean rn ap­ pearance local references. Apply a Person: 
O'Krent Floor Covering 
JOO San Pedro 
W A R M U S * f tf g E I l ------- 
SIT* wk. Start good future. Great col Call 34*-3541. 
Sharpe Personnel Service. 4322 
Sovereign Dr., Suite 14o._______ 
WAREHOUSE PEOPLE 
S12o wk. Start good future. Great col Con J4*-JS4l. 
Sharpe Personnel Service. 4122 
Sovereign P r„ Suite 14o._______ 

17o2-726 

WAREHOUSE 
Vie *22-2711 1231 SW Military 
Jab Experts Inc Placement Ser 
We are accepting applications tor employment tor experienced OS 
B D Clerk. Applicants should have at least I year exp with motor c a rrie r. I year In OS A D 
Producer. Applicant must furnish a resume of exp and salary ex­ pected. Address your reply to 
Alamo Express, Inc. P O Box 
I>747, San Antonia, 7>2l>._______ 
Welder mech lo Install truck mounted equip. Must have own 
Is. Also need Hydraulic Field 
Service man, will be roo lo travel and will work on Hydraulic truck equip. Apply 142 Gem bier Road or 
Coll 224-1*21___________ 
W HEEL 
ALIG N IN G 
XTTB 
BRAKE 
WORK, 
E XP E R ­ 
IENCED. Bear Wheel Aligning 
1422 N. Colorado w il 4613 iH m H A T i6 'NS r ~ 
>4 NE LOOP 41o SUITE I3oE 
>12-34*-1411______ 
Si25 wk Mechanics MOO wk 
Need IO In all fields, beginners or pres. Ike Kelly 

616 - FOW) ORIN SHIKSES 

CARRIERS WANTED 
S M A L L B IC Y C L E R O U T E S 
L A R G E M O T O R R O U T E S 
F O R T H E S A N A N T O N I O N E W S 

C A N E A R N 
$ 5 o T O $ 2 5 o P E R M O N T H 
W E S T S ID E A R E A 

S. Laredo • Nuevo - Vera Cruz - Bueno Vista * Acme * S.W. <1oth - S. San 
Joaquin - Dahlgreen - Aldama - Southlawn - Harriman. 
Call now - can aam prizes - e x tra cash - m ovie pastas - trips - tickets to local events, ate. For fu rth er inform ation call 
2 25 -7 41 1 Cxt. 121 betw een 8 A .M . * 5 :o o P.M . 

1977 VW RABBIT 
SUPER SALE 
‘ 3398* 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 
•Flus Tax, TTH*, License. 

 n m 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

5 PM to 9 PM 

 or 
Retired 
Making 
College, 
High 
School, 
Military 
Persons can earn up to $4.oo per hr calls from our office. 

No Experience Needed 
Free Parking 

Call M r. Green 
2 2 5 -2 8 1 o 

Art Equal Opportunity Employer 

(2 o 
UMM >(2o-HELP HUNTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

NOW ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS 
FOR CAR HOP 

Apply in Person a t 

Frontier Drive-In 
1462 Austin Hwy. 
Between 2*5 pjn. 

SUPERVISOR 
Heavy 
Equipment 
Maintenance 

4 - C O L O R S T R IP P E R 
Clarke Printing Co. is seeking an experienced full color stripper. Excellent company benefits in­ clude: free medical and life insurance coverage, some dental insurance, profit sharing program, paid holidays and vacations. 
Call 923-7591 ext. 38 to schedule and in­ terview 

5 1 o 1 S . Z a r z a m o r a 

S a n A n t o n io , T x . 

Salary ooagefiabla 

341-3331 9-5 rrann 

 f * e e e e e 
* 
4 e e e e 
• $5 MILITARY 
£ 
PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANTS 
o 
$5 PER HOUR PART-TIME 

o 
O P E N IN G F O R E - 4 T H R U M A J O R S 

o 
APPLY IN PERSON ONLY 
o ★ Monday & Tuesday - 4 P.M. - 7 P.M. 

o 
★ 4 1 o P l a c e - I * tw een Babcock A 

X 
Callaghan - N orth Side O f Loop 
o 

4 1 o - Suite # 1 6 o . 
J 

* * * * * 
* s y j y 

C A S H IE R S - C L E R K S 

Port Time $2.3o an hour (Evening shift). 

Full Time $2.So an hour (Night shift) 

Work close to home in one of our 66 locations.' 
S to p ’ N G o M a r k e t s 
2o4 E. Rhapsody Dr. 
N o experience necessary 

PACKING 
SPECIALISTS 

★ Excellent salary and 

 w orkin g conditions 

★ P a rttim e 

★ We ll tra in 

★ Ideal fo r m ilita ry 

 w ives cmd college students 

 i t Telephone and tra nspo rtatio n 

B e e w a re 

 fc|gal Opportunity Empfeygv 

A pply between 1-3 pat 

M ildred Raoschuber 
CENTRAL M OVING 
A STORAGE 

115oo N lo o p Rd. 

★ USED CAR SPECIALS ★ 
71 VW Intl# only................ 
7S LAGRANDE lug, Net. Blue. 
74 CHIVY LUV Pickup............ 
’74 BMW 2oo2 ............... 
7 * TOYOTA Wagon.............. 
75 VW pamper rog-Top........ 
74 VW Conwrtihit, Bkt now 

*1 4 o 3 
. . . . *2 o 9 5 
....* 2 4 9 5 
....* 6 8 9 3 
....* 1 9 9 5 
. . . . *5 3 9 5 
•4 1 9 3 

75 VW Rabbit, air, AM/FM, 25,ooo mi!«. - - ‘215? 
75 M INT 19,ooo iml«, ox, radio 
, o o \ 
74 VW Van, Mio, «rtro dean... 
73 SUMM! dean 
73 VW Super, blue, 34,ooo miles 
7o AUDI 4-Aoor..................... 
•73 AUDI FOX, Air. 
73 KAIMAN~Gh«V4"spd.’radio A a ir..... ‘ 2 2 9 5 
74 VOLVO, Min 

.. . f 2 9 9 5 
... *32 8 S 
...*1 781 
...* 2 1 9 5 
...* 1 6 7 o 
*2»9S 
* 4 1 9 * 

62o 
- m 
Ranted 

WOMAN needed to operetta established welcome service. 
Advertising and sales exper­ ience preferred. Excellent fu­ ture. Must have car. Call 
Fran Dorsey, 342-42*1. arter 
6PM Sunday; all day Monday and Tuesday. 

Wggien S3-S5 Fur Hair 
We train. Part time and tut) lime. 
A lto women 2S-3S w ith man­ agement ability looking tor more than a eatery. Coil >22-1 >4o 

GENERAL 
MAINTENANCE MAN 

•stahMied Reel brot* Compony 
Suit bern pickup or VAN end be rn geed pbywrt condition. Coil Daw 
Truckle-* ITI *9o1 

 k o s o a r s k t h n . 
RIM IWB — Sd TUBS OI TMH 

• FUU TWI CAMOU a HOST OB HOSTESS 
AA vet End GJqMRf6iGilGG4o GVMl 
Mo edi.r* need -BpTy. 
APPLY W FaSONTlABMPB 
LITTLE R H E IN 
S T E N H O U S E 
231 S .ALAM O 

|j_ ag I .j i im CjdR* flfcea— mf i B 
M 
B 
B f t i 

GFflQO-OitmX SERVICES 
WAITERS - WAITRESSES " apply S-Spm Men-Frl. 211 
5. 
Broadway. CAFE MICHELINO 
— w xiT inn rzxT R T V K — 
Must be exp to wait on counter and g rill. Hrs S-12 Evenings. 
Pleasant wark. S2.3o per hr, ref req. Apply al once, Bowiorama 
Lanes. 471* Blanco Rd. w A iT k iiS kfefe'DEb A f n u t 
CRACKER CLUB 7121 San Padre apply 1-1 Men-Frl._____________ 

GEN SUPT 
Top salary fo r re lia b le hard worker. Call Mary >2o-44*4 New 
Day Personnel Conslts *o1 NE 
Leap 41o Suite s it 

WAITRESS 
Top salary, good t o I. free park­ ing. 24 hour fom lly reslraunt. 
EARL ABEL'S 42oo Broadway 

C l a r k e P r i n t i n g 

LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 

N E E D S A M E C H A N I C 
★ 
WITH EXPERIENCE i t 

SEE: BOB DABMEY 

33o3 BROADWAY 

BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

Hov* opening for ex­ perienced TV bench technic Kin. 
Salary open to qualified per­ son. 
Excellent corr pony benefits. 

C o ll 7 3 6 - 4 6 o 3 

HAIR STVLISt mast be eager- 
ItnCMl Hoofer* $tlG<J ifltgg (n norttl centre! L A Art Beauty Solon 4oo) 
McCubeuph ti* -sis! 
I need oservic* men who under - stands and can c a lib ra te therm ostats en com m ercial 
I ranges end equip. Able bodied 
I and capable et installing restaur- ant equip. This is a permanent lob w ith peed pay and be n e fits 
I loc o il Write letter plying past 
I employment and references PO 
Box *1SI San Antonie. Tx 7S1o4 

WANTED NOW 
BARTENDS ESSES 
WAITRESSES 
• Top Sa lory 

• Guaranteed raises 
• Paid Vocation 
Tiffany 
338 Y o lk y Hi Dr. 

Call Vicky, 673-5117 

Sammy's Italian Restaurant, i t l l 
Anuria Hwy. 
<v a ‘trets: Wbite Room L ounge, nights. >2.23 hr. plus tips 241-*24> 

I 
$ 
MoToRGRADER OPERATOR 

• Must be a finish blade person on 
CAT #12 
• AU LOCAL WORK 
^ > • 5o hr. week, 4o hr. guarantee 
( 

Meatier Construction Co. 

Wvvkdays, S to S, 684-7281 

‘ W 
M 
- " W 
F - t o r t ' 

I 
I 

I 

6 Cutting Department f 

♦ Sewing Machine 
Operator i fX D M M N C IO ONLY 
CMT CORP 
227 Ion* Star Blvd. I 
226-3926 

EX K U EK Q flTTH st have experience es a h 

CMFVltiENCSO SURVEY PAR 
TV CHIEF 443-7222 
Experienced Arter a Hon Lady” 
■ 
E * per tented Counter Hate 
■ 
Full lim * posihefis Apply M erton 
S Cleaner* *23-4611 l iiT P Ifc H 'M M D le u ,p m ,rn 
■ Operator tor *77 Cat Leader. We 
I ere en Equal O pportunity i m giever, pay me TH D epertm en i fetes Cen 211* 14* 
I ixperiencsd Truck f ir e ta r vice 
Mon references Clark Tire Ce. 
- ' M U S Flares »2*-4i 4» 
FXPS8EET Vlllfl 

U 
D 
T U i f l U l f l B st have ewe foots ane 

JUN TEE BIGGEST 
Job Opportunity In Town 

TYPIST - SECRETARY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET PRINTERS 
KnowleOee at Spanish*Apply in person 1214 West Ave. 
M A iN t g k A k « 7 A » h t h f iK permanent position for skilled person Must be experienced in cabinet max me and finish work 
! Please (on 474-14o. Southwest j Foundation tor Research and 
I- due ot.on 
Equal opportunity emperor 
C T B ‘AT H I C T f l i r P F I I l 
OPERATOR tp r p rin t shop. 
I Excellent incentive pay a regrew, vecptlen, hespituiuation. paid 
Mondovi, disability coverage. 
Mgmt ability and small eft set r isk tap. req'd. Jiffy Press 224 
KlOPli*!. 
Weed person experienced in die set end » repair an 
22) 2*o4 

 bartend rest wanted parttime, ne mix drinks, apply in person The burnt Orange Club. 1223 Camden 
Ask for Ernie 
‘ 
P l v l ft A S I ------------- T5?i?TaiT 
WAITRESSES 
Wanted for new leunee. at the 
Remade Ina, 3443 N. Po nom Ex a res sway, apply in person be tors 
4 pm dotty 
BHS NY KOOK SHIFT 
KARAM I liT V io ria m o re 

Y o u n g M in d e d 
WAITERS - WAITRESSES 
Apply In Person 
Valerio's Restaurant 
342o B roadw ay 
Sit • PMT TIME 
T K T Y B T 'T o n n T 
Experience reeutred. Part time wide*. 

 positionE. GARZA 4*4-*>7l 

THfPHOKE SALES from our nerthside office, part time only. Geed gov. S-*pm. Coll 
7)4-434) 

GOOD OPPORTUNITY 
Rein‘‘ liquor chain needs full time and part time soles clerks tor northside steres. Ape ever 29 preferred. Retail experinanc* of some kind preferred, net neces­ sarily liquor. Polygraph exam required. All company benefits. 
Apply in person Don't A Ben's 
Ofhce, w 'st Ave. at Loop 41o, ask for wayne Wyatt 
_____ 

H a i a n r t O rtv 
Iv Employment, >2 do 
Vteodv start S u l i i i H 
IC I H6UyF lf T ik 6 A M f peri time *am-lpm. 
824-9*44 
47M San Padre. 

 iKMIQiATE oPBU8CS 
I* TRAINEES 
New epenlnps for San Antonie residents to work with ear hydro niter. Must be I) yrs or over with minimum I yr residence. Full or part time available. Ne exper­ ience necessary 
CALL 342-1224 interested rn customizing vans, compony trains 3*3 week. call 
Cindy 732-21*1, 2M1 West Ave. 
Jobs North, Inc, Piocemt Sec 
""Vo,o66 J o s n ^ chou-'; 
Quattty new, earn and learn 
GO ARMY 223-Mil or 433-M92 

Child care for 4 month eld, exper­ ienced with references, my home or yours. Son Pedro Hills. 4»4-n57 
Desire responsible live-in heuxe- kaeger who can speak tome Eng­ lish to cere for large modem apt and my 3 yr ald daughter, hear 
W onderland, ca ll M r. Blond 
*24-o411 Atter * pm and Son cod 
4**->$2* 
»i___ i—i'- .j n e s t s ujttk' “rSF: iiD tritiic fQ wHiysnwr wvnv n» I for 4 wk OM in my homo, NW noor 
Medicol Cantor 422-47**________ 
E xperlenceA mold lo r general housework, 9 ^toys. own hmnso^rr ta Hen, must have Tolerances, pend setary. 341-433* 
Eomlv wifi, it'3»Bdren.‘ living Iii the country, desires live-in hot*. 
Address reply: Occupant, 37 W 
o23 Crane Rd. St. Charles III. 
4*174. 
End pictura. 
Honest dependable housekeeper 
734-3373 Pele Vosquer ofter 4. 
Housekeeper- cook. I tea Homo iv small apartm ent, must drive. 
N.B. Section >41-452* l A b V T o T T T V ' H lflH T f W IY h 
ELDERLY MOTHER, U4-*417 
Live-in housekeeper for general housework, reference* required. 
>24-1114 
Llve-ln, m olar role Nanny for children, own ream, sneak Eng- 
Itsh. 4*4-37**. 
Need someone to live In small 
Nerthside Apartment and care Mr older lady, Ugbt housekeeping, light cooking. English nai tory, references *22-1o13 

COME BACK TO 
C ALM B AC H 

V is it u s a n d t n k o a f a n ta s t ic D A T S U N o f y o u r c h o k o — • F O 8 A TEST D R IV E , 
IO M E B Y A N D SEE O U R T W O N E W 
MODELS —- 
8fO 4-DOOR 
STATION WAGON 
.NKW SPOTTY. 
3oo SM 

Everything a sports car has except a sports car price. 

• Color-keyed interior. Cut-pile carpeting. Reclining bucket seats. 
• AM/FM multiplex stereo radio. 
• Tinted glass. Tach. Electric clock. 
• 5-speed transmission. 
• Power-assist front disc brakes. 
ICAIM BACHd 

Strving Thd Motaring PBfafic far 6o ConsdCBtteB teanl 
2719FrGdGridBbGVf UL 
• 
735-6121 

ROD EAST rfjx 
VOLKSWAGEN Vf? 
NO Bf I lf® CAS 
NO BFTtfB P; ACT TO BUI 
! I 4 o 2 N . I . l o o p 4 1 o 
Q O Q 
I O 
H I 
(■it at Natoydorhti Bd 
O J O ’ I A V I 

621 
Hell 
K M M 

Jouamora 
Bus Bey or Bus I M wanted. ITI 
North Star MON. La Puente Max icon Restaurant. 
C AIM I V I" ' A k o c o u n t e r 
HELP, advancement possible, part time end full time perman- eat, peed dl»Po»tion, easy smile, friendly environment, apply In person 2-4 pm Mwtdu, ‘.oiuidoy, 
Sue island Shrimp Haute. S22W. 
Rector across from North Star 
Mall 
CALM I I U 
''"TH 6 EAU HTY! 
WORKERS eveninpt and wee­ kends with possible tun time this summer. Texas Best BBG *4o3 N 
McCullough 

APPLIANCE 
EARNINGS TO SSM 
Due Ie execution we have open­ ings tor skilled and unskilled peo­ ple In the appliance field Com­ pany will train. No experience necessary. 
_______ 342-5227 
Apt community security guard, mature, retired with military or law enforcement experience. 
*27-43*1._____________________ 
Attractive escorts needed 

JOIN THE BIGGEST 
Jot! Opfffirtwtty ii Tawi 

TYPIST • SECRETARY 
SALESMEN 
OFFSET PRINTERS 
Knowledge et Spams* Apply In person 1214 West Ave. 

KENNEL WARDE! 
Who loves Ammais 
Ream, Board and Salary. Na 
Drinking, geed tor retired person. 
432-7431 (9a.m to 12 noon I SIS-1441 
(I em s p m) 
5 LAbTYTTO Bcb.ThSSr* a ir 

EXTERMINATOR 
TRAINEE 
No experience needed M team a trade gad help people Bn rid!*!. 
Egg* co sh must bt mer Ii, mer md, high school graduate end want a permeaent peahen, tea while you team to ha a ped cen­ tro) tech tut ton 
ABC N i t Control 
1 o o 3 2 R U S M 
656-5o5o 

F gl T flW W B tf WS P L b H K I 
GOOD SPARE TIME INCOME 
NEBOBO TO TEST MONEY 
MAKING PLAN. Send (bart letter or resume M Express Newt Box 
Ne. 4324, 7*2*7 
Peel Control Pirns Head* deeper*, m utt hove transportation ta dad from work, references required 

624 SfTlATK KARTH 
ToZne^SESRTTiiSv cie*# lo it 
Lee’s Church. *22-9477 Ana, Angia 
(^Kildcace whUe poreefs en voce 
YfOR8 o7 N^87Ny 
^ GPS v oENBCBHRE l. ci 1 t f po ti $43o t* to THU1! * 
141*2142 e g L 6 I i y Wem-ST W 5 nrs"1TgT 1 tHMISBYYOFll, COONIlHI 487 iFOClifHI IHF person. 735-8284 
8x»erlenced tlwrse's Aide wonts days work ar halo halt day. Call 
223-S2S4. ir xygR lI H n rS VAung Lady de siree permanent work as recep­ tion ist. P refe rs D r.'s office. 
Nerthside. Con type. 722-14**. 
IK A buemon will core tor sick or elderly. Ne Nve In. Ref. 332-4*7*. 
6 6 6 fi"IA T7'flY T g ft time tab. «l*-*47* intent ta re In my v»ur /bach Rit'imon 
*2*4761.___________________ 
! 
MALE Presently Employed as 
Wholesale Credit and Ceil ac floe 
Office Manager desire* same si­ tuation with ether Arm. 334-4*7) 
M U iK IT T rg f ' "would Ute a UL and must be bendable minim em 
^ 
4* Mil I i* 4X44 i IrtlVwfw WN*t ^P**»"«P wll WW V* •BNJteV 
- jR«*iiRo4 
: |y nmn 224-7446 offer Smvyi n “ 
" oid ij.n . b. 

Iv, Ida* w««k, S7S. Stanley Heme 
Preduts Inc., 333-36M. 
344-1113, 344 1123 

Beeline 
226-23o3 
M othier, 3 dey, N orth M il. 
Bonkers im p Sec., *7** Crown- hill, (2B-4121 

Ne. deCOCtl WI NAITRfSS idea rh u rs . P rl. end Set. 
Nights BITS * PIECES CLUE, 
4*22 San Pedro 341 A IM after 
4:** Pete or Dave. 
■ xporloin ce yce cH cll woUreTs aeed»d. apply in M t i t i . 11-4 
Man P rl VUMge ion. Ne * WMd- ing Way 

CHAUFFEURS 
WANIEOI 
Ket.ut>*e-Oeod Opportumtiee 
Pleasant Working Conditmnt 

I treeep ertghee 
C t NTk Al. kl 

 benefit*. hoi shea CxcaHeni 
>, salary agen. Apply ie 
•a r*a a Meneer Sm art Shes 
NaHaUar Mag 
[ 
E xperletBSa cgrpenters11 Must 1 figva lrurx and be isdeadghts, or f ie ase don't cat! N ortheast 1 utlder* M M I*! t xp e rle e ce j l«pe,' Ile a l end painter All in one Must bove truck, emd be dependable or dent cen Northeast bunder*, ms «i*i txperiencei eHset press opeiT ter Apply 111* West Avenue 
E x p e rie n c e d Alecbpnlcs. g e l# men quunfv tor top salary, cell joe 7)211* 1, 23*1 West Ave 
/.-bl 
• 57711 ^ 
E Q U IP M E N T AN D WAUKESHA 
E N G IN E R E P A IR M A N , call 
JgcEie Breme et **4-7334 Imr ap cm opperluRitv 

 f i t T n l v B K t e a K e rtn g ib e n o tH x g e e d pev tio empleymeni Lufkin T re iii 

OFFSET FttSSIKN 
Openmgs tor quoutwd Pressmen tor tellew ing equipm ent: l-ld a is chiel. 11x17 M ulti else 
1**13 ATP, end I**' Commander, 
Peregen Pres* inc 111 W Elmir a, t& m t 

P A IN T E R H E L P E R 
■ xper perm , Go to work new! 
CAR CRAFT. MS N Atame p i) t i t a m i T g w wooi o i, 
... s (• j*,j o 
4wS7 MvGfrfi# *$ & bick 34* epereter. cell >le-21*3 fesiFte’iwwfi 9 emwfl 5 pen Gteeh&QYS w r w r r m r m v T i r r s T r lieniw g 
Repair 
, 
Service 
S n 4 )*pm . top position. E^SPt— whit A ir C endiHenieg 331* fasnsod 722-41*4 
Wm^ertL-iwip,4Xi7yri,w roots, new centstructian. Coil oner SPM. 79M4M 

EXPBHEMCEB CHEF 
WA ITERSA N O i Looo 4,t 
COCKTAIL WAITRESSES 
' LSB.. J". tor new French style restaurant 
CaH *26-13** Home M AAen Prt 

P al Urn* waitresses Hooded Air 
Perce 
V illa ge 
Peundetien, 
*7) 27*1, ext. ll. Call Monday- 
Friday tam-ipm 

Knew c ity , geed d riv in g recerd-Coil Mary *2* 44*4 New 
Day Personnel Courts, M I NE 

L66W L W 
T P I L L V 
W6T ¥ 
LIK E A HORSE. Southslds's mc ssi Chih USO Us waitrssset and bortendrets *ll-*77* 
A frB a n d .- bSPTmfXZETSISti 
Shopginp City hot epehlng tot counter bel*, part rime. evening 

M6NT HOSTESS be experienced with 

IS flM U T ilfM P f M B K l u R V t l i t l U P U H r 
Mr Qwib. nicest stere In tow*. opening* Mr I: J*-ll pm shirts dai­ ly ar weekends only. Any type pf stere experience acceptable. 
I Poly*, auh exam required Apply 
Den i E Ben s Office, West Av* at 
Lee* 41*. ask or Wayne Wyatt 

BEUVEIT DRIVERS 
Ne comm Mc) Need I Ie work 

LADIES USD EXTRA CASH? 
AH you need is 4 hours, 4 days or 4 eves per week thewinq Beeline 
Exclusive Line et fashions. Make profit en every shew plus SIM sample wardrobe at ae cest. Cor necessary, 214. Call 224-22*3 tar 
CPO! 
Maintenance mon wills large apartment complex Plumbing, sieciricol opd hooting experience essential. Local rtfe ro n c e t required. Apt Mra. Apply 114 
Vol,dr i rsv. V 

Part tim*, must have recent ex­ perience. *14-2331 or *24-4o47 
— M ft6 UcTloW PAgKl B»— 
Need I* Geed ce. Call Brad Mr fast Mr* 
Rich E ASSOC. E m ploym e nt Sn* 
4*4*A San Padre *14-4441 
4mawp^jj^pg^ppq^gy|^|i^pyymgpxnmiwi 

In fa n ta eat, responsible I 
I duals 

- . I Aer* Engr. 2* yr PLT Test exp. l l yrs ane ce. My tdegs have saved am el*vert millions *. Di­ rect sates ex* alee. *41-7*4* Pool 

1o% OFF 

1o% OFF OF tM P O R rm 
SUGGESTED RETAttL PRICE 
WITHOUT ACCESSORIES 
AT PORT OF ENTRY 
EXAM PLSr 

 j C T T h f e 

1977 RABBIT 
PRICE:..................... * 3 4 9 9 * 
S A V E : .....................................* 3 4 9 . 9 o 
‘ EXCLUDING M O O R I I G I 

'ii* 
: security required tor uniformed 
Men or women. Com i mutton-experienced pf et*. ■ so 
APARTMENT JOBS al S.A. 
H M IN 
Employment consultant* 

SECURITY lf I CERS 
I* port bm* officers tor weekend assignments only. Apply I* per rn I So m e * ai M F . 41* 5. M el* 

M o lt ( s ir e A le* ay th rewin r venine newt routes. Mike 
3362IM Free end Col area U S 

■ U A M iflri ■ HABBV LULU 

UH did ties of apt rny itp i W ir ti 

 tone) it up* 

 smpleyment, catkin Trailers. 
JH I Reeeeweit Ave. 
Firs! class aute eta st lastelier needed references awd t it e r 
•once necessary ** M per hour stet, apply 27M Travis, Houston. 
Tx av coit 71) SM IIM 

H T T U K M B T K 8 
I <e«rtone.sd, iae«*s eeperei Bx 

RRjfeBngm 

Must Be experienced with rotor- B xper lanced 

■ XI 

J tA M 824-8227 Job Floe#menr$ ills Min Peer* 
Experienced Masseuse Ie w ert Ta beauty salon, 716641T _________ 
Experienced ir a changer, ««csT at pay end ben e its 736412* nursery men, exceT benefits, apply In nersen at ne rf, LOOP 41* end Vance 
Jcmim_____________ lone od pat afieniunfTex- 

 ond modest tunniementni pay 
Ideal tor ssmi retirsd Near Pl 
Sam 223-4127 
_____________ 
MAN between J1-43 te'p eraiaiT en! yard and penerai duty work with to rte apt. com plex. Ne dotters or drinkers 
Apply ll* 
VANDE RHECK________________ 

MOTEL CLEIX 
Elderly, retired, sober person 
J apply 
*343 Highway *• 
West 
* 
N IE be d A T 3 B J 1 ---------- 
Part nm* leasing agent, approx 
2> hrs weekly. Including some weekends Must have references a n d rra n s p o r lotion 14* 2323 

 sun 
Suite >34 ■ 
Ishokles distributes, fill er part tim e, v ita m ins and te e d sup piemen tx. Me healthy way et lite 
M9421I, 24147*4 t has rss” Not«Tr'ar\ 
.rn $” ii th 9 1-OlGi. fcm* El is g$$ 684-4568^1 

• •ti* tleweTs ^ n n*Aaet"cirrh*?» atter school and weekends Ex- 

SPECIAL INTEREST 
AUTOS! 

YECOEONA 

1 **4 t e d t e t e e I W. ho 
Bod B WMS* OrighwL 

I M * te d 
9-IOO 
Mvhsp. 
Mkod **UB a s oxww*P mar 

'CUBMIEME iteb ^ i 4qs> Paden. —SV N . 
I 

 iM k V M M S A M I Mr. n i l , 4.IPmode 26888 ^4 ^9 5 1 

^ 
* ’r r ! w s 

•vs 
' rrr. > i**3 
M me, rn em. uh, pew ut 

* 6 6 GADE 4 durn. S te 

11MI RMM 8 wsFMimimtB 
Sered. CUM. 6334*13. 
IMI Buick le o im u s le r. f xceL lent cendWMn INB OAAC pickup, new paint, intoner ) » » Pard 
Custom. I -dr., 3* 4 * o miles, par 
Texnc* Track Stag cashier 4 
o 
1 
* rt*' bos.# rwiimt •MUR 2 Arnee 9 tJ I IIJN. 
■agr, reuer sam, > uuyt, I OVip* very re s te ra h le . e rip in a l condition, 
SM ) 34*443o artar neon m rm rrs B i a a g r »rig.nei. new m eter, new tire s , perfect body. SI,SM 4164*93 
IIM CHIVY,(faStic H ard top 
Fewer wnuawt. pawer s M er leo 
>43o or best otter. *33 341/ 
'ii 'feriralr* Mentei'T 

Ina-p e rm ***# ! lob4 day week local reterences-start >414 per me. AM Appiicehens to a J Ptech 
Oil Ce,, inc. 9747 D ietrich Rd. 
4-lpm doily tor interview . Ne ahun# coils pirate____ _____ 

T G I 

B i 

’T G I, 
*TG COEmSbSl 1 
*T G f O G G DG Aswmups. t e ' p e,w5 8 X 5 2 t i* m * S 5 f i2 S i 

MuCw^pSllSnr sdaSwwa^wwLe’ wn- i kJSL. teU Sn2*7*o 
VT*. 

4 295 
.! 195 
*28951 
•I 1951 

‘3795 

K xperianc* tor te u ih std * 

TDF MICH inucnoii ad * el* eh O', phene solicitor attice, heart i»U% 
474 *141 f CU ut! I enptns 
>49o 
P H K Y K H 
• - A^JLal. 
I * I . 

 tOom /pm pr 3opm. Cob between 
»-!> Mon-Pri- Mrs Better 223-431* 

 mftixa MfHM. 

 r t r o T u„a 

 r jSi . i ' 
Experienced pas eHs»d##l. *x cedent henetits, apply m person at 
Lee* *1o and vane# ane war sine jackson 

I G te IU >344227 Joe PMCemsoN lu r. W O jp a Padre 

 i North. Inc, Pine em! i « ■ fl lT R g l B l i f lV V 

Ms n gsr I mort thee. North Star 

 ntmeni 
Equal pointmen! 

 f Y F f T T 

Kurnilure repair gad touchup person P a rtia l* Experience preferred- Ne Im eking Gaud 
N y 
F l in t s * 
1434 NE LntP 

T R T T 6 
8 T a"oT7 
■ ■ o u t ANO W ORKING 

| 4 S i o 
, , L K ; » J , , ,'J , ! W 

O P E *A T 

Express News Po. IM I » A rent 
E xperienced i t r r e H d e iliu l ieip ers need eppiv in PftooR li i s r Electric Ce 2*14 West Avo 
Si. «uoai dppprtunitv em Mayer 

JOBB 

*33-1127 

.ports 
■mmr b « i t i n T i 
172 MS* 
*167*2) 
CAU 111 1666 

 tv 
*224244 
411 >W NUHtary 
Jabs Eeutb Placement Service 
J W I M - 
SA LAR V 4 COMMISSION 
Distributers welcome, smell In­ vestment required Apply in per­ se* only M Pos* or Arthur arter 
I Mum al CIM Director Dr Texas beverage Packers i larvlco Halo*' UeAuA'TSeTST 
Apply in person, H i t N ee#* doc has rd 
Cd-« r F E U s r\ sxnmgnS ra v 
___ i*4 **7 |r 

 gf I M f i f c i 
■ 
Exports mc Pkscssnent tor ti 7)3 ISSA 
• •VSI 3) SND NI ms 

**T 

I tocl Meurice Perron j 
U H M M I TMM TMtCHTW 

H Y FULCE R E tT A IR A H T 
I cosmetics earl Urns averia! 
881* 8 
WiwlT^GIwwu* 
Motor# WOWWM ORlV C»8M 888*1 m u . ^ 8 5 a ^ W 
L h^ g #8 and SW Mihtory Or MIM S yrodwetes. rstotinp slum, 9 em imd 3 pm 7 pm. Coll M I S3)* 

Restaurant now turin* ■ 
BXPERICNCBO ONLY 
COOK! 
WAITRESSES 
RUS EOV* 
DISHWASHERS 
Interview to rn * Mum Mon Ort 
TRAVEL IDOGE 
I i i V IL L IT A 
BAA'D* 

 alley Hi 
School am I 

 tte e t t 'F l V 'TSpsirgWri:' W wit. 
* K * phene vaug, ON shirts, cad 
Cindv 722-31*1, MSI West Av*. 
Jobs North, tee. Ptocemt Ive 
N*ed u««p(* in my 'm Gco tub We 
{day epeniaas and p a rt tim * ni*M» Phone personality e must 
- - - - - - - t e i PMro. Ream I 

Truck Step assistant rn on agar! night Shift. 3-day weak. Texaco 
Truck Cantor. IN I t East and 
UIS. Ad epfMcaWons la A.J. Ptoch 
OU Ca. 1747 Dietrich Rd 61 pm daily tar interview No Phone 
Cads Pleas* dTonTHusli v lo cal G ir l ar lull rime Cortege student tract dr titer. 
Commercial m u m . Na imabiag 
G*od Pay. FISHER'S, I4S4 NE 
LOM SIE. 
___________ 
414. 
[WIN I WUU 
H a s 
Ambitious per sen ever l l (ar to* ce Mary 134-64*4 New Dent Per sennet Canel**, W I NC Leon 41* 

• • • 
3 48 34 
7 3 6 -4 4 7 1 

IDONE BUGfiYl 

FttB R D l 
ROOP. MAG W N etLS 
ANOPV 

2266958 

IS fS 2 !a iM «5 « 
K .- j f j i ’j i ’ r T S v v r . 

CAU tis-1666 

HJIAJKCt COMPOT 
Pwid Representadvet. Credit and copra! salt, peed solar ye car ai­ ts wo ne* Car necessary Retire mill tory 
2167111 accepted cor m c. w ur* 

■ ■ n it ne 

 fib M I PVH EWEM 

WU: H I CTS 

Apply et M il 

 is m w h i t y 
I 
F R M n pm lam, * Pays a waM- R iper 
* 6 * stki SI M->.44#«hr lone* reap lr sa Apply ta person to 
Robert M o u rin t, Exec Asst 
Mgr., MENDER HOTEL 

P A R T T IM E 
S r 
' 
' 
M u m 

GGG a 
TdUMbllHftD, all pawer, windows, seats. Am tops d e c k . E x c e lle n t con d. s t i l e 
111-SMI et S2S-293* r n n O T -rn ra i.’pickup" runs geed S M * , . „ dr if., 
I *21-4411, I* 

 iJeAnn 124 o22/ Job Pipes me* is I 
Empteyment Ser t i ls San Pears 

I Today! a m 3 p.m TH 
TTTIWTDIi In ls r e s p lc r M I, 

11 PUI SS ANO NI W k 

 w erekeu M spat. cs l> <,<»i ~ aer person, sees si*it. cad Cindv 
712-21*1. IM I Weal Av* 
Jobs North, Mc, Ptocemt Ive 
BNO * 

Sli ts*. ‘44 cotton!, 32)44 
.1 _ 
Beni 434 IL , 111,344 

OLDS Tor anode. 
44 
74 M B R C ^ D E S 

3 Pttffli 

•174 swab iv d aJTnsmd'to start 
N a— 
4S2 74S1 
Person la wer t "m tteY tear ti. must be expertuaced. t t i N U 
4IA 

CEDES Beni MISEL AS. HO,1)6 
*2 THUNDERBIRD. S*/S 
47 
ROLLS ROYCE Carmen* Coupe 
SSM** SU N N 
~ T l l V I T r W 
T Y iy 
I or hem CADILLAC E ll 

Tm* * m tem T I Z T S „ 

- j - . jo ^ t iy a r u p b ’ e le m 
S f f L t St. 
I eh sc beet or 

CAMPING DMD 
DO IT IN ONE OF OUR 
RECREATIONAL VEHICLES 

7 6 T O Y O T A P IC K -U P mtti (offlper, « f ,n 4»e 
... ‘ 3 9 9 5 

7 6 V W B U S eulsmatK, rubs, e u .............................. 
» 5 9 9 5 

. . . * 4 2 9 5 

‘ 4 4 9 5 

. . . ‘ 2 5 9 5 

. . . * 2 1 9 5 

 ku» 

 but, tun reel 

7 4 W Y 

7 4 V W 

2 * 7 2 V W B U S tons, clem ......................... 

7 1 V W C A M P O ! With gag leg, Ilks MW 

Long S tar v o l k s w a g e n AV, 
3 3 o 3 Eioadwuy — 8 2 4 7 11 1 
' I v 

ISM NUMStl TO CAU is u t - ieee 
I APSIS! ANO NUW* 

Pi ACI roue NXN! AO rn SM I x priss NM M 
CAU 223 le e * 

J22JE22!i«L»JS JM lE E il^ 

SAVE A BANKROLL/! 
ON THESE 1977 % 

Express-News— Monday, March 7, 1977 
Seventh Page 

SPECIAL SALE 
C A R S 

1 st S A LE FO R ' 7 7 
1 9 7 7 EXEC U TIV ES 
A N D D EM O S 
O N S A LE 
LARGE DISCOUNT 

1977 NOVA 
2-D O O R 

Tinted glass, FOUR SEASON 
AIR CONDITIONING, V6 en­ gine, power steering, turbo hy­ dra transmission. Stk. 15o6, 
1233, 11oo, 99o. 

TRUCKS 
VANS 

 autom at! stock #8631A 

( B N F A f t A a u to m a tic , a ir c o n d itio n e d , p o w e r s te e rin g , v 
A n u 
C 
I St r V 
K i l stock #8631A ............................................................... 

75 DATSUN n o i l W 7 7 6 o A 
3295 

>4395. 

(plus tax, title, license) 

75 CHEVROLET 
3695 

1977 CHEVETTE 

Tinted Glass, 1.6 Litre engine, 
Cigarette lighter, AM radio. 
W heel trim rin g s , TURBO 
HYD RAM A TIC TRANSM IS­ 
SION. Stk. 15oo, 1495, 1496. 

I « i f U 
E V D 
A 
I I T C heyenne Pickup, a u to m o tic , air 
# 9 % f l S V I K V I i E I conditioned, power steering, stock 
A 
P 
C 
# 8 8 3 8 A ............................................................ 

I 7 4 CHEVY standard, stock #^11 ............. 
*3495 I 

I l f { P l l f l f l l A R E V v* ton Pickup, VS, s ta n d a rd , air 
# 9 V I I E v K v U K T conditioned, stock #1342A ............... t l T 
T 
J 
| 

1 

/m w rn r n rn A AR I A I JA V 8 , a u to m a tic , a ir c o n d itio n e d , S O W 
D C 
74 IL CAMINO power steering, stock #1249A .......... 48“ J j 
M 
B p p n n w 

I 
P V H A i l i l l l l A l P E P 
B la z e r 4 - w h e e l d r iv e , a u t o m a t i c , a ir l A 
O f i C 
# 4 V H 
I V K V L B I conditioned, stock #P134A ................. 
* # 
o 
7 
9 
J 

I W M 
A f 
C T 
C h e y e n n e -I*-I o n IW B 
V 8 a u to m a !. $ C ^ TS IT 

# 
o 
W 
M 
K V 
K 
O 
L 
K 
I ic, a ir c o n d itio n e d sto ck # P 2 6 ... i 9 w 
7 i 9 

CHEVROLET CARS ONLY 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 

Replace points, plugs, set timing and adjust carburetor, GM cars only. Reg. $39.95 

NO W 
O N LY 
>29.95 

I W M 
P 
U 
C 
V 
D 
A 
I I T 
El C o m m o 
S u P * “r s P o r t a u t o . m o t i c 
I M V F l K V 
K 
V 
L 
K 
I a i r c o n d i t i o n e d p o w e r s t e e r i n g , 
I 
Q 
C 

 s t o c k # 1 3 4 7 A ........ 
■ ! I 
T 
# 

I M W P 
U 
C 
I I D 
A 
I C T 
S c o ts d a le V S 
-to n P ic k u p 
LW B , t 9 W I E V K U L E I s ta n d a rd stock # I 2 7 2 A 
......... 
P W 
4 9 7 ^ 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

E.P.G 
28 MPG City 
42 MPG Hwy 
7 6 CHEVROLET 
Scotsdale *«-ton LWB, V8, autom at­ ic, air conditioned, stock #P27 ........ *53951 
>3595. 
1 9 7 7 C O R V ETTES 
IN STOCK 
IMMEDIATE DELIVERY 

' W W ^ u r v f D 
A 
I E V 
'. - t o n IW B 
V 8 s ta n d a r d , a ir c o n d !- 
74 V nR V K vLLI h o n e d stock # 7 2 7 A 
A l 7 # 

IW M e A n e Van customized, standard, rn 4 ■ V K I ! air conditioned, stock #1439A 
*4 19 5 1 

19o1 Broadw ay 

UNDERCOAT 
SPECIAL 
*21.95 

For all Mini-Cars 
Other Cars slightly higher 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

A N C IR A W I N T O N e m s 

B U Y ,RENT 
OR LEASE 

19o1 
BROADWAY 
2 2 4 -5 5 1 6 

N. FLORES AT 
MARTIN 
2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

7 o 2 - 7 2 6 - F K B Q F S P R T O U B 

MORTH LOOP VW 
SUBARU, INC 
4623 FRED. ROAD 
732-7121 

19 77 
V w 
(OME 
SB OW Of 
TM EASIEST SWING IMPOtTSH 
19 77 SUBARU fro . n o o n s m u 
A! ECONOMY PRK! 

* 3 .1 6 4 ’ * * 
OU Alen SAVINGS ON 
ALI NEW 1976 SUAAKUS 
A DIMOS IN STOCK. 

WAMAMTY 
WW, IM, MU MR « 

/OB - CORVETTE 
' 7 1 ? 
JAGUAR 

7$ C orvette C O N V E R T IB L E . 
Must sell 222-1342 
• F s C M W T f F .W n U .o ile if r . coll 494-944o ext 331; I49-2219 eves; LU WOO 
7* dervetie. Newscosier's wee- keno cor, 13oo miles. Showroom condition. 349-2o57 or 227-9o12. 
Bsh tor Chris.__________________ 
7i C orvo llo porlo ct condition 
I SOMO Rick Morpor, 3o9-2421. 
1\ CocvoHo' f Top, 543*5------- outs. power, stereo 
Custom. 
227-oo22 
•TI m v lf f e T-TopT oode5 
12.ooo nu. 
Xtra clean, 
57 SM 
455-o251 l l 6congo VoHo. iu fe 
AiU-EU tape, power Wolfer Geraghty 
224- S33 J, 4o4-34oo. 
74 VETTEl'loodod. must sell poi tin* married. 
433-417o 
So, 2 SO firm . 

7 o 9 
DATSUN n Raison i m 
. r a j i v n f l r . or 344-25o7 
-------------------B ir n m --------------- 
BRYSON AUTO CENTER 
14)o PAT BOOKER 
UNIVERSAL CITY-45o-427! 

Jaguar XK E, ‘72 Convertible. 
79.4oo mi Yellow, Mock interior. 
Air, excellent condition. 575oo. i<£22J5JJMjijnv^6Sod922^Jt1ei^. 

7 7 2 
T M T A 

7 1 4 - M A Z D A 
■74 Motda 8 16oo Radio, air, roar ] bumper. 24,ooo mi. 52195 I H I I I I ' 
71 Mazda Now tiros, low mi. 
Looks, runs good 51295 or best otter. 1-557-5943; 1-557 9931. 
•73 MAZOA RX7 tytomotic con / m u m 
■73 Mazda OX 2 Rotary en« . 
I el tent cond 5135o 474-17o? | ox- 

73 
M AZOA 
R X I 
WAGON , 
4 speed, a ir , sharp) I 
LovFi poymonts, assum e b a la n c t. 
LEVINE. 127 o9o4_____________ 

7 1 5 
MERCEDES BENZ 
CLASSICLY STYLED 7oo-S 
197o twllv eau toped 4 door Sedan 
Gun Metal prey with unique while 
.rn yl lop « 5 J-5174 
-44 Mercedes Benz I9oC. 4 door sedan, sand biota, rod uphol­ stered, auto, pood cond 31.995. 
513 o5o9 

16b I AIV DTT" 
UBS N I LOOR 41o 
•2o-12o1 

-74 DATSUN 4oo 4 door, 4 speed. 
! air, sacrifice 31495 341 -Bl35. 
J45 1441 eves 
' '7? Datsun SIO Woden Excellent 
I condition 321oo 435-1777 
1972 DATSUN 24oZ. air, AM-PM. moos, CB. 31,4oo I 425-o922 atter i f * __________________________ 
73 DATSUN 2* o 2, auto, air, am 
I tm, USM or best otter 725 44o4, 

 r n ___________________________ tM T T T O I #OX i'd o o i seHnT 
Auto., M r, sunroof Many more options. MOSO Alter 4 pm 453-o439 a Jai T55Ts 11 E icotton! cond' 
4 saned, M r. sun-rodf. e n ellen! fires. Must so# ta appreciate. 
S1595 CPW 497 IH I________________ 

DATSUN 24o I , 1972 Auto , air, ort* owner Very pond condition 
H?;?-!)! 
1971 DATSUN 24oZ Loaded' I 
I* * ! * ? : g*JS S i. i*74 Datsun 7ooZ, 1+1 14.ooo M i 
Uke now, 173 1157, o72 9321. 

•71 Mercedes 71o SE Mint cond , loaded Only 57.ooo miles With 
Service record 55995 Betorn 7 pm 
424 2544. oftor 7: 1 549-4944. 
Cs* tor f roils 
•73 MERCEDES 45o 3L 
Like new 
24.MO mi 
972-9191; 
141-o533 
< 
44 Mercedes 21oSL 71.ooo m r pray red Two tons. now conver­ tible top, upholstery, paint Ex­ cellent cond 
545oo 
494 IM I or 
**±221_______________________ 
4o MERCEDES 22o 5 Very pood condition Air, extras! Am Im , m im ing soots SI9oo OM MOS 
MISSION CITY IMPORTS 
MERCEDES-BENZ Soles Service 
MSO SAN RE ORO 
714 224) 

1722- a s s 
T8YoTA 
Iia -IQ V Q T A 
7 2 4 Vo L K S R A C B I 

SAVE! N e w ’7 7 TO YO TA’S SAVE! 

COROLLA 
LIFTBACKS 

CHICA 
LIFTBACKS 

B I G G E S T 
D I S C O U N T S 
O N 
1 9 7 7 M O D E L S 

L IF T 
B A C K 
S P E C IA L S 

 fa c to ry Installed 
Options: 
A M Radio. S S O . 
A M -IM Radio, $ 7 7 . 
A ir C a n d il iorw r, 

S M S . 
Pin S trip in g , SSS. 

 c a n a c tu a l e m a il la w n p ric e * ! 

U N L I M I T E D 

S E L E C T I O N 

All M o d els an d C olors 

H I G H E S T T R A D E 

A L L O W A N C E 
— .3 4 hour d e liv e ry 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

■74 VW BUG, NICK! 
177-MI* 
*9 VW BUG. radio, healer tin oncmp available 5495 224 441o 
4o VW Bud. Runt toed. well maintained 774 94M 
‘41 VW Bus food running condi- tton, or oat camper 39*5 453-719C 
■75 VW BUS, 7 poet., auto. Air, am tm multiplex, low miloapo. 
549M. 924 71 IG 
TI VW Cloan. now enpino. ‘44 
Hood SHOO 444-4431 137 4919 
‘44 VW, cif on, very food cond*- 
Won, USG 342 2 4 7 7 
■71 VW f oslbock 17,OM mi SIMO. 
454-o227 
4/ VW FASTBACK. Clean, rune peed. SSM 494-5142 

7o6_______________ 

“n i n u r n 
♦ d o o r 'sedan 4j Y o t mi Exceftont cond 444 7547 n V M W i i 4 dr- isdo.r41.oK m i, oxcoHonl cond 494 7 5*7 
767 CANU r777Tin rrw r•mrarwr deluxe interior. 4 ta d ., under 
25,GGG mi. Excellent co n d ‘77 fop*. 5295o 341 IGM 
‘T O f f rT T 'oufir ; 
Owaor trp n tfo rro d M u tt 

77 DATSUN 2MZ 24-2 
45M end. Mi. Real bo roam. 37o95. 
JOHN KBNAOV Motor Co. 
Now B ro oatoitlA No 434-4141 
74 Datsun 24G-Z a t e d ,dtr/jOS- 
PM stereo Low m i, perfect con­ dition 
S4IGo or boot oft or. 
*24 51o1, 713-3571______________ 
75 DATSUN MO Z Id 2 Standard transmission air. AM OM rad,a. G lroc* stereo Other extras 24,OM miles Escelient condition 5479o 
433-1o7*_______________________ 
14/4 24o2. air 4 spaed, radials lith! blue, excellent condition. 
4 4'ti >24-4154 

PMM-, a ir, low TniTrT it so li 
ASARI too ppd m o** offer Cob 
o44-1115. oir, a m w n c r 
I 52143 OOP-Ill) m r 4 splcdf o K 

o5o4111 
T T T I W T W T snood, WTW- 

*TI o pr L dwfo 
OO, VU* VI top 5211 w n ^ r r m r 

~ 7 7 T a p AI.' < U B C rT 
■ Air 31493 M I 1911 I 
» u CBBrr w ," n iic c .~ a r: 
24,GGG 

71, 24o-1 Silver, 4-spd , a ir, m o n , radials (JOO* 494-7347 
Qtler I _______________________ 

7 1 6 
FULT 
71 FIAT 12*. 4 door 
*1423 or boof ewer r n * * 

Runs wdB. 
714-o127 or 

Ti fiat 124 Must sod! Take over payments. 4o4-74M dr 114-4 IM M 
•74 RIAT IIG SL. clo on as now 

 tenor, low mi *1o95 434 o591; 
45o-o115 QvQS 
74 FIAT 124 SpuMr COO IfW H I 
1 m lftt 2 

7 1 6 
I K 

It s Sprinpi Mayo Fun! ‘72 MO 
» 

 oL Excellent 2s OOO mi Biwa. to interior FM (19M firm. t?4 741445o-o47o 
‘71 MOB beme, black lop now tiros, storte, top and boot 15.GM 

41 MGB eenvortible 4 speed wire wheels Good cond SHM by owner (22 1*2/ 122 IOO* 
7o MGB. excellent cond. very clean Michoiins, sr i Im *14oo ddy4 4o4-7111. 4*4-41*3 tvo4 
74 I MOB, 11,5oo. mi in pood cond'i,i»n. wire wheels, S77M. C alh 
1-997 5232 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS 
74V* 

O i r O L /r i'A 
M TS CARS 
H U I, o / l 

 two M I IM IpfOw. 
* * NpUr, weds 

74 

 ry a IM M I 
Mw rn 
73 

*3695 

*4295 

24o1. WM. Mr, 
*36oo 

A Mony other mokes A 

'wqMMtKVKJ «UUN!UUIk7» wi 
BM S M o Ao WAT 
173 112! 

IF YOU CAN BUY A BETTER 
BUILT SMALL CAR THAN AT: 
Ok YEO TOYOTA 
BUY IT 
1471 To y o t a »4oo 
Carone Coupe 4-spd air, radio, now stool radial tiros 
Clean!I i i i ! ' * ' . 
•11 TOYOTA Coralla SOM or bos! ofter 494 IMT 
/I Toyota Corona Mark ll 2door l f 
31595 713-3434 
•72 Toyota Corolla 44.oM m i. air. 
AM-PM. HSM 532 1343 
‘71 Toyota Corona 4 sod . must soft) o45o 411-7411 
7} Toyota Corona. Auto. 
44,4o4 mi SIMS 411 3*o3 

71 VW Ghia. engine and Irons- mission warranty *1343-433 IIH 
’7o VW Good condition, must soli, moving >o5o 927 2o14__________ 
47 VW, now engine, transmission, seals, with radio 
Very nice 
MEH OBI IIH 
WK OVERHAUL $4oo $5oo ll Mo >2,ooo mi. Warranty 
JNortJsjd. Bug impair, 444 5*44 
77 VW Scirocco AM PM stereo, I oir, tog lamps I *47 2743______ 
■71 VW SQUARE BACK Air 314M) 
(Worth HOM) 411 45o4_________ ! 
•74 VW 417 stofion wogon. air. ou’ imol.c, >1153 433-HH 
71 VW Sutter Beetle outo Irons . bkg now >199o l«* too* 

S P E C I A L 

FR EE 1 9 7 7 LIC EN S E P LA T E S 

 during the month of March on any new car told in our inventory. W e hove the largest selection 
In Texas to chooso from a t SPECIAL SAVING S on every car. 

“ W e’re The Dealer That M akes The Price Right” 
O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“ The Dealer That Tells It Like It Is” 
28 o o BROADWAY 
(Across From Brackenridge Park) 

OPEN 
EVENINGS 

•BUGS* 
1*44 thru 1977 
CALL BILL *74442o 
‘74 Dasher, I door. air, auto. ex- c quant, *245o. 49* 1711 
74 DASHER n e client cowdHtooi 
Mutton*. 714-3324 
DASHER. 74 VW, air. auto, uke 
UPW *233o 111o132 

GAS SAVER! 
71 VW Fastback I owner, pir, 
AM FM storee Very low milos 
Immaculate 
144-7912 or Sieve, 
411-1421 
_______________ 

7 2 5 • VOLVO 
‘47 Volvo IIM Overdrive. 51295 ; 
* ■"? I h -lV ’i V I V ” 
71 Volvo 1445. auto air. stereo, tape, yellow, brown int, like now cond >1293 45o o54) 33o*113 eves 
72 Volvo 144 * Stand , loaded 
Good condition 754 3o53 
‘72 Volvo I miles 
Boti f » s m . 

Wagon 
Blue 
Auto . air. low ! 
*295o 

‘71 VOLVO KS Wagon, tie . arr, om Im 3775o 541 47*4__________ 

1977 TOYOTA, deluxe, pick up, 
H A, radio, now tire *. (15oo 
494-4o47 Of )49 1171 
COH I Buy Sell Used Cars 
Pol McQueen 
711 7111 

71 Toyota needs repoirs. SIM or best otter Atter I. 927 215o 
I SELL BUGS 

44 MGB Needs tome work USO 

7 1 7 
O P H b fE L "T T -7 i. T S " hi wadi* wo mw upholstery roppir. some body 
• sa i t t n ' l 

FO RICHE 914. 1971 »44M l l 
CoMont co n d itio n 227-7573 days. 
•K W " I " * 
Ti Porsche 2 o 

*9 OREL GT, automatic Mint 
131-o152 

(LOM miies Must 

• T , 4- s pc. v - i 2 Sen pp. 
- vj: 
44 Opal K edotte station wdpon, dOBdcond 513o *24 W I7 Otis 

I mi *29oo 4U 1241 r y^ d p r T V X T sp ae d7"m "FIB radio 51995 124 lllla H e r lpm 

-. , *2* *34o oyes 
71 FIAT *5* SPIDER, AM FM rodwis, needs some work SSM 
712-4251.______________________ 

224 5*54 days, , 
71 Opel M ania Luxuu* Sport t e a ss m 

1974 P oncho, 911 tp o rta m e tlc, 
J X J M jm L llk M O M ^ T W 

719 PEUGEOT 

‘71 RCUGBOT 5o4. 54.ooo mi Ex ceihenl mtchamcol con 

73 O P E L M A N T A ood. air. Tok* up puymoi 

IM jo w l n. 
_______ 
»4 Ct.on Spin .ut Forrori Short 
Votto, T lop with a ir. pule. ole 
44Mo Carol o2o-3151. 
. r C o I V f T T r a r. power s lu r - 
M g, loofbor in terio r, radio, 127. 
M AM IRL NUM 149-o212, M i 7914 

 mage. 149 74 

 l l FIAT Sport *3o. good solid transportation, financing avgila 
B tl .HH I i i . I * I!______________ 
75 FIAT 124 Spy dor. am tm star oo. air. how Mtcheitns Mater Syl vaster, 211 5144 . 492 IM I eves. weekends 

4 speed. air. Toke ap poymonts, no c o o lly , c a ll OC V o llm o r, 
144 4941 144 1433 otter 7 p m s i OPEL 
11F o29I ■ 
Ra l l y * 4-speed, 3573. 

 r n - m m 
____ _____ 

 dealer. 4,ooomi w a rra n ty, a ir, radio now tires, mony a uras coli aft lpm or on wfcnds 921-719o 
>155o 

TOYOTA OF SAN ANTONIO 
17o1 S E M ILITARY ORIVE 
924-9451 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Ffse: 234-4183 

42-77 
Call Dennis at o24-744s 
Atter >_____________ 
454 4171 
•7o Karmonn Ohio excellent en dine, body, one owner SM 1417 
Must sell by M arch H i 
7 ) VW 
SbUTOboc* cloan. now turns, low mi, AM. oir 474 7394 Oil 3 
___ 

726 - mSC£LLMiEOUS AU1oS 
7o FORD Wogon loaded 
•71 TORINO 4 door 
TO MAVERICK 4 S'ondord 
4* FORD XL loaded 
St IMPALA 4-dOOr 
7o OLDS A door 
7o AMBASSADOR S, sld 
■ 
S M IT H $ U sed C a r l i 
7o3 S ALAMO__________ 224-9144 i 

726 MISCH IAIo6J ADIOS 

’ ■ 
' 
' 
Y u 

74 MALIK! Wogon l » 

73 MiKK USabr* 4 dr 
$1* 

73 CUTLASS Vuprome ....$ 2 1 ' 

75 NETO Rogon, V* 
,..$ 2 2 

71 PLTMOtnH Scamp ....$ 1 $ 

73 MAI HU 4 door 
....$ 2 * 

7$ PM Rghb't 
$2* 

73 TOIVO Ro|on 
$21 

7 4 MBoUTH4-dooi .. .. $»4S 

7 4 BUICK us** 
(onvombie. 
AM ill I nock sieroo mill C/1 kl M i. eiectnr on ton no. m uwidrt inning. 

 id)! 

 bros, excellent ‘ 3895 
A N E W CAA H U X * - 
I N a t . . . 
ALAM O SPORTS 

C A R S 
3111 BROADWAY 
828 5511 

•* t Renown I* 
4-spd 
4-dr M m I i i 

E x tro cleon cond 
1443 

-74 Toveto Sport Coupe, yellow block Factory tope-stereo Has works Will trade tor furniture or s,*9S sss irs* 
7 1 Toyota "xii ppon Clean >1 ISO ! 
° r 

NORTH LOOF VOLKSWAGEN 
TIE71*1 ttllf.P E Bigtsy »i VAR JRAR i t R abbit, basic I d r , a ir , a m 

COM: AM-5441 f UFI 
Winsa.* few* 
7 2 3 
T N M N 

■71 FIA T WAGON 5 now lira s, paw paint, im -fa , * saaad Bast aftor OM “ 
*±*111____ 
FIAT, a k, t i l ( L H 
1195o a c e ta ! tro d e w ork; o*1-1511 bomeM '.S T S . 

711 MOU 

TI OPEL SPORT, a u to m a tic , ciaan't 
Choop! 
Mr 
Bennel! 
1*2-o5o4 
7 2 2 
TOYOTA 

TI OREL W ogon, p u le power. IS OM nu >1)9*. 7 to f i r , 
W 
L 
72 O REL W apon, a u to , a ir . p a w * 14/Mo mi *.19* 731*o/4 
716 • PDRSLHI 
___ 

NO K IM WOOD P O R S C H E AUL>i 
IU * N E LOOR 41o 
74 M INOA CIVIC, 4 spoodTpk. pm rodfp. 
22-ooo milos *1795.' 
431-4254. 

" 1 1 1 1 3 1 !...... s i PORSCHE SUB 
*115o, eoud « un ii 

Ai AMO TOYOTA 
Acrow Prom A irport m a r u 

74 COR 
111 ."..I L 9 9 * !'Q__ 
IOCCA caaba air, om-i sssJxn i m 
E ’ fT.H ’l i m * 
•It CaraMa Now app-, paad cand i . i i / L 6 g g i 
'71 Car pup Mf opal 
£ ± Is ± 
Ti Caroa rrceiien l 

•rn. 4-ppd., p ir. 

HIU 

 rk «T A k , iw i~ 
W H S F — 

ALAMO SPOR T i CARS 
Author lied (alec and Service 
Triumph Alfa Romeo 
111) n u OAOWAY *1* 5311___ 
72 Spitfire CO HVERTIBLrf " ix 
CHieni condilion 1 >l/s4-e31 45*4 
•?4-Sarftire Cenvoi 1'f.ie JO OOO mi 
« tad . AM PM radio Goad cond 
Make offer 45o-4411, ox) 114 
74 TR?, om tm , a ir 
14.3oo m i 
>3175 227-MIO, 714 1531________ 
75 TRIUMPH Spitfire convorfi- bio, tow mi j io u 131-in? 
74 T riu m p h 5 o iifire . electric overdrive, pm Im cassattf- Ex 

JM S LJR aJiLJR JM A S m S S lLm 

BB EET WI B B ft 
AM paris mr lulling fiberglass in 
Stock, located, ar ordered Fac­ to ry d ire c t ou tie I No lo r g p in 
Hunters, please- 1951 Hiwoy 9o 
K ilt- 4 p m • I p.rn Mon F n 

Marray. 4911415 

*74 RABBIT, custom dfiuxa. air. sfpisdprd AM-FAL 455-IX 7 
•71 Suuarobpch Cloan, Sarvica rococos, now bom) 31125 o31-114* 
•Tl iup o r i i PBO, very clson good condition 
(USG 
*9o-o557 Ofter lam 
74 Super VW very ctoon, new radial tiros, redw 51743, 411 34o7 
T*oxe ov'er*p aTm * nu In 74 VW 
Bug' No Oduity COH 
o24 74o* 
POfc for De runs 
Alter I 
Cab 
434 41|l_______ 
Toke over poymonts en 74 VW 
No equity Con 
124 o91o ask tor 
Fred After 7 522 7737 
1971 VOLKSWAGEN 31195 
■ •f» S L i.* " C .p rtJ f c M IL _ 

6SVQUSWAGMS97S ton# 724-4117 

49-7o RENAULT R U. rebuilt on pine, am-tm. air, 14-15 mpg 51o93. i 
o1D U 5 
I 

7 H M K its * Ambo t iPder Automatic * u I a g y 
‘74 AACC Hornet Auto , now bros. excollont gas m iloggo A sking 
o17oo- I *1o 2oo9 lA M C 

74 Io«D Pick up 
$22 

71 CHIV! bekug 
$ U 

73 (IBV! fwkup 
$ U 

 a Bmy. mony mort u n 
(Hoom ti em dr Ope* 
*«» * p a * 

' r 
“ n 
( 7 
T v 
3oo3 S.W. MILITARY 
921-27o3 
92A-OEAI 

732 BUICK 

’75 BUICK Convertible 1 
LoSabre Soon lo be classic! All power, toby loaded low mileage 
Will negotiate 
54 ) 4/9o, oyes. neWMRto, 
*47 B uick, * c y i , neods so m e' work, >75 227 177? 

•TI BUICK 4 door Lim ned L ip n il blue while vinyl top Blue velour T M . or, AM-FM stereo with .*_•§ 

FRIE 77 LICENSE 
PLATES 

72F W Io vtondwd ar t$ o 
71 nBUMPM, 
44,ooo notes 
U/7S 
7) PIT MONTO Outlet M IM 
‘T I TOYOTA Carone Mart N, 
4 door, ■atamabc, ar. 6 tyke dot, 33,ooo 
•n d « ....................1171 
TdNTMOlflM Stomp, 

EaSo'SST1 
.1 7 M 
74 MfTo3tandad.ee ‘ IM A 
74 TOTOTA CeNo ST, rodw, av tenant. ai. beata 
IG M 
72 WRB Mutton* ar M M I 

ONN SUNDAY • ASE 
MAMUN M U IO U 

MORTH (BfTVAl WBD 
GIBO UM F M O 
$41-9413 

•73 AMC HORNET HATCHBACK, air. automatic, only I.GM milos 
Must sat Assume poymonts. ana ba tone e Con Mr Bennett i i i pest 
■74 AMC M a ta d o r Coupe VO, power, an loader) 17,OM miles 
N IC H 51595 or will trade tor tor m m 5 ♦-‘ ♦ tff?_________ 
TI Giemitn Air. AM PM. power. 
I owner 4o,OM mi Stand , 3’ 1*5 firm I to 4 wkdOVt 
471 J»S7 
■Nor * 1 5o9-4795. 
74 Gremlin, aer, bn ted plats, now re moi s. lap condition only l l OGO milos real bargain, farm s Maxi b it 544-947* 

731 AKC 

VOUSHAGBI 
Parts Setvtce-Cara 
_______i i i i i i J ! 
_ 
7o VR Bet. Bood tranepprtoMan 

 is m 
. u n 

 ll GREMLIN. 4 auto OW. power g r e a t a i tx * 
____ 
‘7* GromkP. by pumpr. BIAZ* C f* 

*7* Gremlin ypMow! ikM M L V-4, 
AM PM i udia. S ir COPd. 11.BBG 

I I* 125 1o4o 
K H I U ANO NI WX 

 stand . oir. ori«inol owner 43 OM miles Needs b re t and paint, I 
Pont SIMO 45o-4941 qltei s 
_ 
•71 JA V E LIN , “ auto L l blue. 
H IM 453 519o 

JAVELIN 1973 
Bv owner Air pow or o u to . low mileage 3173o. Ile M 4*. leave mesAtoO with Answering ive 
•Ii PACER Laaded, new ttee i r opia is Vary d e a n I w ith War- 
!9S*S. tlH H t____________ 
■AR Romiukr 
-■ — * yttm 
GG GA »"* “ • ’ wmW++WVm wugOfl L- Hlo awa *o*5 Bael otto* o » o 5U * 
FOG >A»t Mi SOI IS 
•CAC I ro ue Mr ANI AO in iHt t x bai ss saw s 
CAU 115 1ooo 

I b a c k ro p e 4IM m i. O ritm a lf w indow p ric e 3)o,213 o3 ta ll 
>•*■ **2111?__________ 
BUICK 74 Lesabre Like new 
54/oo Gotnp overseas must s tll 
545*145, 114 4o41____________ 
‘ 75 Buick L eia b re 4 Poor, a ir, pawer aroxes. stoonna AM FM 
Storoo 
14.ooo miles 
5,95o 
. ♦ i i i ! * _____________ 
TI Buick Limited Full o«*Mr All tho exlros 14,ooo mi SlWo w ill buy 444 7417 ___________ ___ 
•?} Buick Lim ited Lead d with exlros' Under U M mi OH M24 
)*7f Buick LTO. loo condition is a a » i.K * % 
_____ ti Buick re oa l Landau A ir, power, o tra ck sto re ;, maroon while to#, interior E xtra cleon j j j f f lilt . M K H ? . . ___ 
77 Buick Regal M r List price 
I75pg Dealer cool M IM iefbag price (MBG Loaded, actual rn lies 
7M 124-o411 
______ 
Buick Ikvhdwk. 74 Iv o r / ophan. 
Groat pas mileooa, driva lo ag- s is a s is u s iiin ______________ 
•ll BUICK Skylark toe lundibon, svt to gyp I sc Ujlf, 51 St I 

I I BUICK SKYLARK LANDAUS 
____________ *41-1423! 
UGH 
Bu ick luick 72 S kylark hnrdiap R> tremMy nice. 
Sarnbce b m 
3)755-494 v iil i i B u ick ip a r t w ouon, irons 5495 545-1474 
• Pod 

44 Buick Woaan 
Otter 434 o994 
S ill, or best 

4* Buick Wildcat I Poor hor atop ' owner loaded Geoulilul cor Esc 
Cand 3993 Work S II U U , horn* 
494 1777 j 
74 Electra Lim ited. 4 door im mocvtofr MOM Coli u t im 

7 1 SKYLARK CONVERT ULI im m a c u la te c o n d itio n L o c a l owner Ask lor ART >2o73 Cal' 
712 IIM 

T S 
- f r y 

74 CADILLAC I. ' A r a j 5 IN wahv o..apj!rR? 
SSM After 4 311-2444 

CHEVROLET 

Eighth Poge 
Express-News— Monday, March 7, 1977 

738-743 WTOMOBItES 

• ’77 NOVA COUPE 
* 
MONTE CARLOS 

77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2 door, tinted glass, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 25o 
6-cylinder, 3-speed manual M* m A jam A a transmission, power steering, full wheel # J ll JU rn rn covers, white stripe tiros, AM radio, vinyl m 9 
^^N interior. # 77o583 
■ ^ w 

2 door, color keyed seat belts, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, four season air conditioning, sport mirrors, cruise-master speed control, 35o, 4-barrel, V-8, turbo hydromatic transmission, tilt steering wheel, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, bumper rubber strips, rally wheels, auxiliary lighting, vinyl interior 
77 NOVA COUPE 
2 door, tinted glass, bodyside moldings, power brakes, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydromatic transmission, power 
£ rn ma rn g a steering, full wheel covers, white stripe 
T A J A l l tires, AM radio, heavy duty radiator, vinyl 
A A l l 
I S interior, two-tone paint it 77o8o2. 
® 
77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2-door, power steering, power brakes, electric clock, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, floor mats, door edge guards, air con­ ditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromatic transmission, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, rally wheels, vinyl interior it 
77o718 
77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 

2-door, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, four-season air conditioning, sport mirrors, 35o, 4 borrel V-8, turbo hydromatic transmission, radio! white stripe tires, windshield antenna, rally wheels, vinyl interior. #7/o754. 
NOVA 
Ifc r 
A r 
4-DooR SEDANS 
^ 

 i t # 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
# 
• ’77 NOVA 4-DOOR SEDAN 

77 MONTE CARLO LANDAU COUPE 
9 
35o, 4 borrel V-8, 2-door, power steering, power brakes, electric 
£ J B I 
A fee A A 
D clock, tinted gloss, floor mots, oir conditioning cruise master speed con- 
NL mJB SS ® B I I 
^ 
9 trol, turbo hydromatic transmission, tilt steering wheel, radial white 
▼ 
Ari:. I 
I 9 
# stripe tires, windshield antenna, bumper rubber strips, auxiliary lighting, 
A fashion tone styling, vinyl roof cover, deluxe seaf belts. # 77o54o 
Qb # # # # # # # # # # # # C # « # # # # # # # « # # # # # * 
CAMARO 

* 
# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
# 
# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• ’77 CAMARO SPORT COUPE 
• 
9 
2-door, tinted glass, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 
9 
Q console, power brakes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromatic 
£ Bi B| 
BB A IL 81 a transmission, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, elec- 
•# Jb t m m a rn I M 
9 trie clock, windshield antenna, style trim group . . . 
J® 
B 
JB m j f m 
« 7 7 o 8 2 7 
& 
M 9 9 
9 o m 

Tinted glass, 25o six-cylinder, 
3-speed 
• monul transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, windshield 
• antenna, heavy duty radiator, vinyl interior. 
# 7 7 o 4 6 1 . 
77 NOVA 4-DOOR SEDAN 
4-door, tinted glass, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydromatic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM radio, vinyl interior. # 77o7o6. *462o 

MALIBU 

9 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
» '7 7 CHEVELLE MALIBU SEDAN 
MALIBU 4-DooR SEDANS 

• ’77 CHEVELLE MALIBU SEDAN 
^ 
4-door, tinted gloss, air conditioning, power brakes, 25o six-cylinder, turbo hyOromotic transmission, power 
£ rn a a tm 
• steering, full wheel covers, rodiol white stripe 
^ g \ ■ # Jf Ba tires, AM rod to, exterior decor pockage. 
A A M U ~ ■ . A 
o vinyl interior . . . # 77o742. 
■ W 
W 
^ 

4 -door, tinted glass, air conditioning, power brakes, 3o5 V-8. turbo hydromatic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, rodial white stripe tires, AM radio, vinyl interior. # 77o74o 

INSURANCE and 
1 FINANCING I 
1 AVAILABLE! 1 

INSURANCE and 
FINANCING 
AVAILABLE! 

CHEVY VAN 

• 
’77 V i-TON SHORT 
• 
• 
W HEEL BASE CH EVY V A N 
• 
9 
Wmdee body gloss, pointed belee eye level mirrors, 
Q 
A heavy duty (rent wings, heavy duty rear springs, 
^ 
" vacuum poem brakes, 25o C I O engine, 3 speed 9 
9 mongol trmwrassMfl. standard emission system. 
A 
A gouges, voltmeter od end temperature, OM has 9 
9 deceit manufactured sold ond certified to op 
9 
• prow vehicle safety standards, this vehicle as a bus. 
: multiple truck but net os 
" f 
9 a school bus. no roar 
( J 
A i f 
T 
• war- 
4345 • 
• • • • • • • • • • D W 

EL CAMINO 

• 7 7 EL CAMINO CLASSIC PICKUP 
• 
'77 FLEETSIDE PICKUP 
• 
W ton ic Uh deli. tenfeheel lose, tutted gloss, oh weather ex conditioning, 
• heavy duty heat and roar shock absorbers, front stobdiier bm, heavy duty 9 roar springs, vacuum power brokes, V I engine. 3o5 CIO, 2 borrel, turbo 9 
9 hydrae*** irommnuon vanobie retie power steering, bright motel sheet A coven, AM pushbutton rode, chromed front bumper guards, highway bolted 
9 bras etui two! tues. conventional hee tone 
9 

 itlew end hest white, buckskin custom vinyl inch seot> 4*77521* 

SUBURBANS 

7 7 Vt TO N SUBURBAN kemdde egsnpment, lusted gloss, center and rear soots. #iodin ledges# windows hen! end loot on iend*boning steuwess eye level miners, beevy duty he# end rear shock abs ethers, reel ode 3 4o retie, speed end (rune centreI, V I engine, 35o C1o 4 borrel, turbo hydremanc trwnnusswn. 31 oaHon fuel teak vanaMe <etsen power steering loOy wheels, eiectru deck, chromed heat bumper guards, high- 

DEMONSTRATORS 

. 
*4, turbo hydramehc (ronsmnsran, tdt steering svheel. power steering idly ehoeh. inside hand leek 
9 
9 
+*■ * * * * * en ten ne, 
# a e g e g ■ 
9 
* A 9 R 4 
- 

Z 
*76 LUV 
• 
DEMONSTRATOR 
* 
9 
Au cendihening automat* transmissran. tubeless white 9 
A stripe tues, AM pushbutton radra. chrome bumper guards, a real slop bomper, alienor decor package, Mikado custom 
9 
9 inters* sky btu* adonai, blue 
^ ma 
• cloth mtenoi #6547o LIST 
C 
A 
A 
4% r»KES4«V3h 
* 4 1 2 1 ( 1 1 1 9 
o 
YOUR FR IC I 
W I 
V 
9 
J 

• 
’76 LUV 
• 
DEMONSTRATOR 
• v light, utility vehicle. 
OH conditioning, automatic 9 
9 tionsirusswci while stripe Ives, 'aer step bumper, tdecrai decor pockage Mttude custom inlapei chrome sideptpes, 
9 
o compel cover. #7614 end# 
_ m m 

 eve! mas AAL IM radw 
J A A O BT ^ 
V 
*454/3 UST HBCI 5555*35 f 4 | V / 
I 
9 
o 
YOUR H tlC i 
T 
W 
• • • • • • • • • • A B * 

• 7 / ^ eJ!TS(DE SILVERADO PICKUP# 

“ 
I 
‘•e kin g drffe re n iiat b e e ry duty 
% 
9 i f 
4 
‘ w h o hydremetsc uensm issran 

T 
I f t f f l t l i t S . r T 
^ 
.e n e b U re t* pew*. H e e .g ig 
W 
• 
J S b X . i 
^ 
T * " ' 
‘•'I * « • • »^tp th T il 
A 

•srsrTrTar*— 
o / 2 5 • 

^ 
DOWNTOWN 
1221 BROADWAY 
TRUCK MALL 
1121 BROADWAY 
• THI ONLY ENCLOSED TRUCK MAU IN THI SoUTHWIST 
223-4281 

DUE 
TO 
SMITHS 
MATURE 
PRICING 
POLIO, A U PRICES 
INCLUDE 
DESTINA­ 
TION 
CHARGE and 
DEALER 
PREPARA. 
TJON! 

 mm gpeen, buck ibm custom any4 beni ti * 
775473 

ID E-EN G IN EERED » 

1977 MONARCH 2 DOOR Cream, Creom Londou Vinyl Roof, 25o 6 CylwxJor, 
Automatic, Whit* Sid* Wall Ik**, Fo*r*r Sharing, Poteet Brok*s, Air, Doy cmd hight Mk ror, Tinted Wow, Lift Hood R*mot* Mirror, De Iu x e Wheel Covers, t j QQ r 
AM-FM Steno Radio. 
UST: $5793 
POSTED PtfCE: 
4 9 9 5 

1977 MONARCH GHIA 4 DOOR 
Cream, Cream Vinyl Roof, 3o2 VR, Bucket 
Seats, Automatic illuminated Entry, White Sid* Wall Tires, Convenience Group, Cor­ nering Umps, Paver Steering, Speed Control, Poorer Seats, Console, Power Brakes, Floor 
Shift, lumper Group, Automotk, Ak, AM-FM Stereo Tope, Appearance 6reup, Tinted 
Gloss, Power Windows, Power Door Locks, Illuminated Visor Mirror. em CAE 
_________________________ UST: $7411 
POSTfP fitCE: 
o 3 7 3 

77 BUICK 
RIVIERA 

 mmm£§ iwA iittncr 
DISCOUNTS UP TO 
$ 2 1 o o 

I BINORTH I 
[ i i PARK iNcaiNMiRcuRV 

 iV M iw w m ? , m in m rn m a 
73o-743-Mrnwiontfs mwummn aw m n w in iwii iii i i— 
E x p - e s s N e w s — M o n d a y , M a rc h 7, 1977 

734713 *PMWBJU|— 
738-7QWTMWMU: . l » W 
- e w e i B _ _ _ _ 73o-743-1 

Ninth PoQfe 

1977 MONARCH GHIA 4 DOOR Light Blue, Blue Vinyl Roof, 3o2 V8, Bucket 
Seats, Automotk. Whit* Side Wall Tires, Tilt Wheel, Speed urn trot, Power Steering, 
Power Brakes, Bumper Group, Air, Appearance Protection Group, Tinted Gloss, Light 
Group, AM-FM Stereo Rodio. 
*5995 
UST: $673o 
PO STIO PWC! 

1977 BOBCAT VILLAGER WAGON Bright Btu. , 2 J Liter Engine, Automotk, 
Whit* Sid* Wadi Tiros, Power Steering, Luggage Rock, Power Brokes, Ak, * 
J “ L 
Glass, left I 
Mirror, Deluxe Interior Trim, Tinted 
Body Side Mouldings, AM Radio 
UST: $$461 

Hand Romoto Mirror Wire 

 posts) ma: 

Day and hight 
Wheel Covers, 
*4895 

1977 MONARCH GHIA 2 DOOR Dark Brown, Brown landau Vinyl Roof, 3o2 
V8, Automotk, Whit* Sid* Woll Tires, Power Steering, Power Brokes, Air, 
Tinted Gloss, AM-FM Stereo. 
UST: $6313 
POSTED Pita: 
*5495 

1976 CAPRI GHIA Orange, Automatic, Air Conditioned, AM-FM Rodio, Tinted 
UST: $5419 
Wino w a: *4895 lf 5*7 COMET 2 DOOR Red, Whit* Vinyl Roof, 25o 6 Cylinder, Vinyl interior, 
Automatic Whit* Sid* Wail Tires, Power Steering, Power Brokes, Bumper Group, Air, 
AM-FM Radio, Sport Accent Group, Appearance Protection 
Group, Tinted Gloss. 
UST: $5274 
POSTED PRK!. 
4 o V3 

A R 
DOOR HARDTOP 

* 
■ A $ o 2 VB 

A tffom ofic 
A C hasid* M irro r 

Powmr S ft«rin$t A 
W fio o i C overt 

A P o w e / B ra k ttt Wm 
Wk SE* !$*%• 
♦ S H W ie W U U .* •opOTW M owi 
9 
I O 
U 

9 S o 7 i S l l t t " # & 
^ i O 

3 4 1 - 8 8 4 1 

DUE TO TREMENDOUS RESPONSE 
TOM BENSON IS CONTINUING HIS 

U N D E R * 2 , o o o S A L E 

CAPRICE 
4-door, aroon, automatic with air, vinyl top. * 1965 ......................... k i p 4-door, whito, 6 cylinder, 
VALIANT automatic, air. * 196o ............ 
■ m.rn M A I A caupo, god, automatic with air, 
IM P A LA radio, power steering # 1948 .. 
GRAND PRIX with citral. # 1941 
IMPALA 
IMPALA 
CORONET 
SATELLITE 

 coupe, green, automatic, radio, steering, air conditioned. power steering 
4 door, blue, blue, loaded. # 191 T A . 
Station Wagon, gold, k>adaoT #1871 
4-door, blue, automatic, rodio. 

# 1939 

 air conditioned, power 9 1863............ 
CHRYSLER k£fi « W po‘~'s”''..... m u Montego Wan., White, loaded. 
MERCURY AM F&, Lugg Rack « I78SA_____ 
Polo fa Cp, Blue, loaded, 
DODGE 
Well cared tor. » 1 8 9 5 ........................... s A e n m n s u Montego Cp., Slack, loaded, 
MERCURY Double Nice, 54,ooo miles. # 159oA 
■ ti i i 4 > u 
Sport Wogon, Blue, 9 Pos4 , 
BUICK Loaded, Lugg. Rock. # 1 7 3 6 ......................... 
PONTIAC looded with A ir N?ce Car. # 1o23. . . 
IMPALA Vinyl*top^AM Radio'. # 176oA ............ 
DATSUN 12oo rodio, Economy Plot # 1844 
AUDI 1ooSL 
....... 

 m i a a 
4 d r 
Blue, looded 
O L D S T O with Extra*, AM/EM # 1499A............... 

•1795 
•1995 
•1395 
•1595 
•1495 
• 695 
•1995 
•1395 
•1995 
•1995 
•1495 
•1595 
•1295 
•1995 
•1595 
•1695 
•1495 
•1995 

H E R T Z 
QUALITY USED CARS 
FROM OUR RENTAL Flin < 

7 6 £ 
* 
.................... 
*4 3 9 5 

W W g J S 
»2595 

7 6 TMUNDERBIRDS 

76 IMPALAS 
Stetien Wayom . . 
*4 7 9 5 

76 MONTE CARLOS 

................................... 
‘4 3 9 5 
76 MONARCHS 
4-Baor 
... 
3 9 9 5 

7 6 J J T 
5 
* 3 4 9 5 

I? month/12,OOO mil# (which ever 
OU un first), pow »r tram wort only Ask lot do toils CoU 

 ftB B > M 4 B learn: ta Vici cum* 

1331 SO. 
HAMIN Al DI. 
OUT ON 419 
41*4o41 NVC. 

MARCH USED 
CAR SPECIALS 

'7 C MADU IU * hi*r 
*wyl rep, 
7 «i rmiviii iv itphm iaftcitr 
AIM* Tape, eN pew at ee4 ak, tody leaded. Only 5,ooo railes....................... 
7 6 MERCURY S P & T & T E pawer, 3rd seat, AM-FM stereo, eely 
5,ooo aides............... 

‘945o 

‘535o 

‘2o9o 

Nertz 

CADILLAC 

MECHANIC SPECIALS 
THESE UNITS SOLD AS IS AT THESE SUPER LOW PRICES 

RI AT A CADILLAC 
ILJumSmiSmSSLmmmmmSUiii 

> 7 1 f U C W 
Veta IT »*et*ee wayaa, Brew*, 
*»»■ V I jAJBHAA too# liw td a t i a it ilia* 
‘ 1 8 9 o 
•7 5 MALIBU 
'3 3 9 o 

•7 2 MONTEGO M X ? 
* ? • rn# t v — ** t i c , p o a r f f 
(tearing, pawer drakes, ak , tray I tap, paid, hr owe top. law miles, becket seats, ceaoele ........................................................... 

IV X I I l l m i k l 
Contieeetol 
2 -deer 
/ o U r l C U I N coupe, Nee, blee v i n y l top, tater tar, od pawer end air, f u l l y loaded. I owner ....................................... 
7 2 MARQUIS 

 ak, /UMM i tor ae, law milos...................... 
•7 5 MALIBU top, ad pawer end ak, law nuiec.......... 

I T C A I A l I D U 
o ,M *C> 
4-deer, bleck, 
' J r v i A l l B U wkite vinyl tap, oil pawer n ew si* Lmuu teukM I 
- - wwTto ail/ row rempts* * wwimi eoeeoo*e#*» 

7 5 M ARQUIS U 
X 
’T 
- s r : and ak, speed centre/, I Owner................... t d 
MMWuAdawM LAeAnc witted TKw m w w iO eH d,* WW TTP 

I top, MI power end ak, I 
7 3 COMET 

784 • OEVRO! 11 

’69 LEMANS oval hood com, mogs, * 1875. 
F-85 4-door, silver, looded # 1938-A. . . . . . . . . . . . . 
*66 MUSTANG 
.... 
•▲a /IA I a v ie 
*65 OLDS 
*66 MUSTANG 
*68 GALAXIE 

• 795 
• 695 
• 895 
• 895 

OS Bai Air Wagon fle e or bott otter tit M arch t i. Boo et I SIO S d tor os____________ 
* * CADILLAC CALAIS SUSS O r nu**- lo* smotl car M4-4U 1 
Ti Comoro AM PM rodio, auto , arr eewot. Speller Orouo s in s or post otter 
Atter 
I p m 
4/S B lit 
TI C A M A R O , io o d ed 
A bove e v e ro e e . s tiv e r, b le c k lop 
337-7114 
TS Comoro LY, e a u ** package, power, en. euals. exellent cone m s. l l I-?i ». rider, V 4 
MI-1411 
Ie C A M A R O ! 4 evil 
FULLY fcOUIPPRO .14 

Q IE V M L E T 

LOOP 41o 6 SAN PEDRO 

“A COttPUTf AUTO/BO TTY! WORLD “ 

341-3314 

Ante, or vinyl lie iii I 

733 CADILLAC 

71 Co4U Loc Coupe CH VI He B.ige with white tao Bnceilenl ce n it lion M a r be seth et tlJ k W 
Htieebrena *2*o4 U M I V j 
Ti C A D IL L A C Coupe D e v ille 
M id n ig h t blue. c e P rp ile t re e l. I cruise control, tilt wheel, stereo. power seats, eateoenl condition setvo o il-1713 ewer 4 em 
I 
77 C A D IL L A C Coupe D e v ille j 
Good con Oilton 
S U M 
Cash 
4*2 lese 
I 
7 S 
C A D IL L A C 
C O U P E 
D E V IL L E , law int SS m *>14*4* 
‘ 74 
C A D IL L A C 
C O U P S 
O tV IL L C , looped leather int or 
•or, excellent condition 
SS4tS 
•*tm 
-~ 
7* Cadillac Canvortible See lo appreciate i SSS n i l -------------------- 
'72 Cadillac Cpi Deville 

733 mime 
2 3 3 J W r n 

O AO A Dtl S7AM miles . 
*27*4 
J CM I SOH M ire Se tu rn 111 H O I 

 a d iL l AC. •»# 4 doer Sedan ie vale, new steel roared bi rain 
• o«nt! (ash IIM? we in*. 

SO CA DILLA C. I dr sePen 
Hew rgd.cii ju e s SSV! »14 l/jj^ 
*7 C A D ILLA C, te c e lle n l tendi lio n , body and in ta r to r, new transm ission, brand new tira s i 
Heeds engine SSOO 47( 7111 
73 C A D IL L A C P L ttT W O O O s i.its . WHI trode tor (ere coins or boer and tender wark 
MV-1SM, ask tor Bush Alter (1411SSS si CadilMK Nice but needs a little j urark New bdHerv SIAS Alter $ im iii______________________— : 
74 CodiMac I owner Cleon low m Heeno Cow sse-SMi 
1 
71 C A D IL L A C Sedan D e v ille . 
'•'•J? 
-o-ns emceiieni 4(4 ti SS.. 
•** Cadillac Sedan D e v ille S7SS resn 
Must veil this week ISIS 
Cuinbre 
*7t Coouioc Sidon Seville Single 
OU e d ra s , low miieope. | 

77 Levee D e v ille 
I , * * * m iles. sie m w * 
_____ 
•74 c o u rt Ok VILL t louded I owner low rn ii* op* >14-4*o4 
_ 
71 CL DOR ADO t v tr e »hor p f 
Must secntice Make otter Coli 
MR b t H H * TY 111 MSS 
71 ELDORADO Good solid clean c o r f Tab# va payments and av sum* adience 
M r ben ne ti m e m 
: 

75 ti DORADO 
(roe mi a lle g ro s t ie - im 
IS r ie e tw e e d 
B re u e h e m dtleeonce. leaded I owner, im maculate. M IM M I H M tv e n 

____________________ 
L u iu ry I t l l rie etw eed Br men em d eieeanto 4 d r. e ll earn * 
717 V1S4 sr 114 4444_____________ 

1974 REO I WHTSL CAO 
I L DORADO COHV t R T IS L A 11 
Has everythin*! t 
Can; 
John 
MI-4111 

*71 Camera Tye# L f trivet and 
??* ‘iii 
I 
1* 7] C A P R iC I 4 door hardtop power steering W hile I t i t e r tor 
SIMS, 

'71 Caprice 4 dr, black, air, pawer, e*cedent Si IS* 4*2 m e 
•is C A P R IC B L a n d a u J door r a w or o v o ry th m e i I tta r o a , i c ru is e , lilt w h e e l. 
A ssum e p ormeets, one adience Ceil Mr poanew, m c m ________________ 
St Chevelie I dr hardtop US, 
4cad . leant end runs eooa SIM 
I SS7 S9SI; I SSI veil 
74 Chevelie L a g u n a Loaded, un 
I O M I ! S H M Call 
M4-7ISS 

Chevelie Malibu 
44 euod toad 
S4M Moving must SOH 4S4 4171 
7J Chevarlof Im eaio k ic e iie n i cond Low mriease 411 1oo4 atter ■ t : M»n» j 
1* 7# Chevrolet Im p ala Custom te c e lie h l i on Oili on One o w n e r 
S1S-M4S. 4 ft-e » » ________________ I 
1o/4 CHAV R O L kT IM P A LA Cut tem one owner l-4oer narO'up 
I 14-»S4> H t - H i i _______________ 
•47 C N I V R O L f T. k i n e vweed w aeon, lik e new ra d ia ls , etc 

74 C H t V R O L t t M onte C a rla, will finance witn same credri Ceil w een. 411-14o4 
_______________ 
■Ii C H E V Y 
C a p ric e t s ia le wagon, * p a s s e n g e r, pgw or steer eg, broket, aula air, S IM * firm M f 1474 

7 5 LINCOLN ^ m w 
W # l * i | IV toll DW, freon, whtte vinyl top. teetoer wiener . . 

• y e M A R N IU 
•K '** vinyl top, 
/ J TTT A M Pi IV u<rtW interioi, 

 hrify I luted, eU power qed e n ................. 

• T C C A u rs Deverui, 
2 Beer. hpM ble#, 
1 3 
He Aer 4, 4 cylinder, I Owner. , . 

• T C C A D A t e l ret. ant white Ie odea vinyl 
' * r V D V rap, att ^ w er anil ak. AM IM 

•T A C A D A 
2 Aeer, tee, brawn 
/ o T V K U fray! Top. AMIM « track, pawer fteerMf, ok, Ste ad e rd, 4................................. 

I T C B l l l / l f tetote, sftkidd wdfdn, Woe, tel- r d D U fv Is 1y leaded. MI pawer end ak, 
AM-fM i*ere« bk wboei. tratio teeirei ,. 
'T A C A D A te i, M n , bkw landau vinyl lee, 
/ t i P U N O an power M d ak. law mites, I 

1 7 o A l A C t e lk BB Royale, 2 -deer. I if bt 
7 3 O L D ) fold, white vmyt rap, ell pew­ ee. usr. I awner 
............................... 
Cutten, stiver hive, white top, ai power end air, titre (teen, I 
'68 OLDS 

‘699o 

‘189o 

‘359o 

‘339o 

*389o 

‘235o 

*699o 

‘519o 

‘259o 

‘419o 

‘399o 

‘449o 

‘495o 

‘235o 

*135o 

^ ^ ’77 BUICK 
CENTURY SPECIAL 
NEW CAR, # A69o7 
Buick s famous V-6, door guards, radial whito-evalls, automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, cut pfte carpal, tinted glass, factory air conditioning, deluxe whoa! covers, high energy ignition. 

77 BUICK 
REGAL 

DRIVER’S ED. CAR Stock # Aoo88 
-‘l f , S'S , ? r 
- ■ ,,, 
35o V-B, automatic transmission, md5j»:< ' f power steering, power brokes, 
I factory air conditionmg, cruise t o ip p P tog control, AM kodro, tinted gloss, door 
J uards, dud sport mirrors, radial white woils, full light group, 6o 
o custom valour soots, chrome sport wheels. 
UST PRK! $6755 
$5586 

LARGEST 
SELECTION 
OPEL SALE STILL I N P R O G R E S S 
IN SOUTH TEXAS 
BRAND NEW 
BUICK OPEL 

$ 6 
H 
o 
CASH 
REBATE r HURRY - HIGHER 
PRICES ARE COMING! 

W E SILL B U I C K S f V f R Y D A Y , TO P C O P l f T H A T T H O U G H I r H I r 

C O U L D O N I Y B U Y A T O R O O R C H E V R O L E T . ” 

226136 
5o1 BRO ADW AY... 
R T - 
RIGHT DOW NTOW N sv . 
/ 

L A S B U IC K 

IM CutHSU! 

I M C K V M i n 

•71 Chevy Malibu Laguna, auto.! ow. a rn-tm M OOO ml Excellent I sieoo Owner SSI 74C a___________ 

44 Chew Malibu ISO. 4 tad moo > bet! oner 444 /141 eft s 
I 
•71 Chevy Monte C o do S ilver with Mack vinyl too Stereo tape all, even the cleck works. M u tt! tell fasti SI7M ISIS Culebro 
75 C hew Monro J Plus^l Hatch back 
A M -P M I tra c k , loaded 
Must SMH *11-474* 
•42 C h ew Stotien Wagon. 
MOO S II 1441, 455 *711 
4 CVI 

*«••• 

'B IB O 

• I H S 

 i t Chow Station Wogon. IO pas senaer Looded ’ 1 5*5»-*74 J**S 
44 C h ew Ste., dean. runs great! 
MO*. M 4-tt44 ener 4 
47 CHEVY V I. MSO or best oHer, 
*14-4751________________________ 
44 Chew Wagon V I. auto redie. heeler, ow $4*i » 7 4 l**o 
I 
71 C heyenne 
Loaded 
S74oo 
Must sell' I 741 1o76____________ 
Cleon 1*74 Used Core At* 
BU DG ET R kH T A CAR 14* 4441 
J 
IM W I LOOP 41o QI Awporl Blvd 
6* Croon 4 door C h ew , auto , air.I 
54oo 7M-S274_______________ 
45 IMPALA, (leon, m-out, needs | 
Tyne up, fo r into 47*-7M* * to ♦ 
72 IM PALA Ooiuie I door hard loo SU*5 Atter 4 pm. 451 1*11 ■ 
71 IM PALA 4-OOOR 
Assume poy,oenti *14 le i ^ 
74 impala 4 door, oxcoilont. low] i miieaeo, S4,**5 414 
•71 IM PALA I dr La (HOO, POwerH 
M r. PUN. SW S. 414-7471 
•7« impala V I, auto. ow, now tiros, 
S*oo T i l I M I after s ___________ 
•72 K inesw oeO W agon 
O n e awner, good cond , power, steel ii roMMs S IU *. M B -osif 
' 
L IY T L i OR HO CR KD IT > 
I 
It you hove a -ub and SIM 
WO Can SELL You A C o rn 
CLARK 5 AUTO SALES 
ISH WAST Avo_________ 714 7*41 I 
74 M alibu C lo in e 
1o5. a u to ,! 
I dr . o ir 
S till in W a rra n ty rn ion ewer I 
* 
I 
•74 M aT i BU CLASSIC I dear I 
A tu o m e p a y m e n ts ond 14141' 
^ y ^ ^ C o l l G ^ R R A ilL *? » 4 _ 
■74 M ALIBU Classic,leaped 
STAHMAHH TR A ILER SALES 
I 
IH IO, I mi north o> Boerne 
RT 2 BOA <27. % A Phone 174 V47< 
O k iH SUNDAY 17 5 P M 
1*74 Mai.bu Classic Wogen Air. 
; aute. e lectric windows, leeks 
Uadici! 
14AM miles 
*114542 
I 41117*7 

7SKUUBU CLASSIC 
Autem etic, air. power steering, \ brakes LIK E NEW 
.......... M /i * 
M B M PH ILL MCCOMBS 
BORD SOU THSIDB 

•l* M a iib iT e T e s M C 
O r i g i n a l owner, must »«n worth >1,444 
II l ,o c r t f t c e S W 
S t i l I . ’ P i ____________ 

GET ACQUAINTED WITH NEW MANAGER SALE 
DON HAM PLUT SALES MANAGER 
SIMS #44134 1974 BROWN CUTLASS SUftOII 17,5oo mtles Becket seett. console. 

SIMIS # 44oX 
1* 7* SBW OBAN btiX 22,3oo milos Rocket soots, centeAe, AM-fM 
Stereo, THI wheel, fewer windows, mays, fewer brake*, steeriey, ak, automatic . . . 
Mitts #14o13 1*74 ORANGt 6MMUN. 3o4oo mites. Rower rteeriny, AM radio, air condrttoned, hryynfo rock. white tidnwnM lira* ............................................................... 
SIMS #4413* 1*74 RUN CUTLASS SUMfMO WITH WHIT! Vinyl to LANDAU ta # .24.1.oo mites. AM raft . . ‘B B B B 
SI RHS #44134 1*74 TUiOW CUTLASS SUPtlM! with White Vinyl tey. 12,ooo rnMet 
AM Radm, mays, f ewer steertey, brahm, ok condmened, beach see* arith arm rest ........... 'B B B B 
SIMS #34o72 1*7* SM V S CRAN M U 1o.9oo mites. SUNtOOf with vinyl LANDAU toy. Pawer win­ dows, bandi seer with arm rest, rite whoa/, cruise control, AM-fM stereo, mays, fie strtpchf . .‘ O S S O 
SOUD S 54o44 1*74 MUI CAAN PWX, Moo nay I LANDAU My. 33,7oo mites, hock*! twats, camote, Mk wheel, cruise centra/, AM-fM stereo, mays, fin thriyiny ....................................*M 4 S o 
SIMS #24o3* 1*74 SILVIS FAUR, 25,5oo mites, bucket seats, ak conditioned oatemettc. fewer steertey, AM radte, teyynye rack, white stOewek tires...................................................... '3 B O O 
W I HAVE A PEW O f OUR '77 MODELS THAT ARE NO W 
BEING PULLED POR SALE SUCH AS: 
SERIES 947oo6 1977 SILVI* BUICK REGAL, 11 ,1 o o miles. 6o-4o seats, cruise control, AM radio, power steering, brakes, air autom atic 
* S 9 5 o 
BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
338 N.E. LOOP 4 1 o 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
S U DON HAM I FLHT MANAGER 
3 4 9 -4 4 4 1 

SPECIAL 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATES 

 during the month of March on any now car Bold 
In our inventory. W e have the largest selection in Texas to choose from a t SPfCIAL SAVINGS on every car. 

“ W o’re Tho Dea/er That M akes The Price Right" 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 
“ The Dealer That Tells It Like It Is" 
28oo BROADWAY 
EV?NfNOS 
(Aerobe from Brackenridge! Pork) 

•7* C h evy Coupe H ole n o u m 
J plot Bi 
AM P M ktareo, air, pe«er. V I 4 I hire * oo9 rn. S«2*5 a74 I17S w fcdovi * i i *14 I t l l ori«« * ond —vendI 

7 3 CHEVY 4 DOOR 
IM P A LA M etallic Clue Automa tic. air. power fre e in g brukey A real sharp c a rli 
....................in n * 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
IVO I |.W . M ilitary *21 A lt/ 
1111(11 AHD M M I 

Our Gael? Ne 
Unhappy Owners" 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 
( I I P North 
•d U n* 4IRJ 
3 4 i - a a 4 i 

 m g 

71 CHB VY Impale tita n « dour auto. air, p«w .r, 5 *ti va*, tm tintina rn Quanta l l * M io 
__ 

7 4 CHEVY IMPALA 
2 door COUPS Black with white vinyl tool. automatic, air, n«w#r clear mu, bi a k u b u ra 
(!4oiv tm * 
MBM P H IL L MCCOMBS 
SORO SOUTHSIOB 
HOI s W Military *71 »H7 

‘47 Chevy im pala Best alter 
Cat! 474 155* 

71 M alibu « door, air, ouio t i ! callant c on ad ion i i i s - e l t i atter 
’ 
I 
T i M A L IB U 4 d o o r . to k e up pa y m e n t.. *14-o*71 
■'n M o tutu I d r h a rd to p au to , loaued. clo on » » * 5 141 *♦ *! 
*7 M alib u 1*75 
*4 im p ala 1*5o now point, aland, ow ner 417 * 1‘ * 
*4 M alibu, navy blue. w h it* vinyl lop 
Aute s ir. tu c k e t* 
SASM15-IA4t______________________ 
71 MALIBU Station Wu«on i |I1 7 » ______________________111 1,42 

, M A L IB U mogul* 1*75 tu llv load i ad 
W ill help fin a n c e 
C a n M r 
G oree *11-1444 
_________ 
IT MON TR CARLO j 
I f a cets (O il 141 1 *11_____ 
74 Monte Carlo, alack w hit* ion 
POU loo tow m iio o o e . lo o d .C si*# hi-im 
I 
74 MONTE CARLO 
F ully loaded, take over en im am y ne equity Je rry P o r n * * . 14* » * * ! 

74 M an ta C a rle L a n d au 
E x c e l lent rendition l i l t ! 114 .155 atte r 
I:-4 *o 4 1 *3 
__ 
74 M O N T E C arlo M kt new 
M u ll you N ill help fin o n c t Coil M on poi 433-1*4* 
M 

 ne a tw a in r n o m n n 

T i 
M a n te 
C a r lo 
L e a d e d j * 1 4 2 i * . atter » 
34* *4 7* 
I 
■71 M O N T E C A B L O . ( a k a up p o y m tn H , ta d *14-4471________ 
1*74 M O N T E C A B L O L A N D A U i x t r g n o u n " H * -» 4 * l- *»5 SA5* 
74 M O N T E C A R LO ~ ~ 
Like how t i l t # 4o4 5311 
_ 
" 7 i M a rn t a C a r i o T on a ct u 
» 7 i p a w a r d o o r .n o b r o . ac v in y l root new Bree. S H M B e d eNer 
I l f IM I 
___ 
I i M o u l t C A R LO I A N D A U 
SIM O *77 977*_______ 

M U ST i i L l i 
I t Monee A ccum * p e v m o n ic or p a y a tt b a lo n e a 
After a 
3*1 IM * 

NO E D U *T V 
7) C A M A R O 
Coll *24 5 *7 . 

 a * N O V A 4 d r . V S . d i r , la w 

74 VEGA 2 doer. automatic, air, io lid n A leu mc pu y m e n tt and em ail balance 
M r 
Bennett 
I i i ONN___________________________ 
'71 Vega Excellent r angrite* new rOOiOIC $45o 531 14o. 
74 V S O A D V , |1 SM 
___________Mock IA I 5o11 
__ ___ 
CK mo 
SIAS* 

Til CRrm 

74 Vc «u CT Al Agon Auto tooeOeek tx lr o d e a n 
>33-3374 
________ l l V E C A Hotchbock 
44 OM m i auto HOO* H i ’ o.4 

 l f V eg a H o ic h o a c . 
E x c e lle n t 
4 cod S lS el A lt j 
451451/ 

 l l V e e # 
4 5.5oo rn ,i# c , r a d io . gjugnc d e a n $4oo s n t i l l 

S i CHB V IL E B N B W V O d K E R 
M i 7*IS Od4r 5. week. hoi, 
_ 

47 C H R Y S L E R N aw oort 4 OOO' 
.xcottont condition i xM, H I 41 IS 
C H R Y S L E R P l Y M O U TH C IT Y rob* NW LO O P 419 et C ulebro 
Obd-eelO l r A T I O N 

73S cum uli 

 m ile o g t 
L e e k * r u n e G r e a t 1 i S II* * 111 H S I 731 >1*1 
T i N O VA H A T C H B A C K 
V 4 Bu 
•a m a lic b o w e r 
C le a m 1 C a c v financed 
M u d ceti 
M r B ennett 
1 111 S H * 

T i N ova SS, low m ile a g e m u d evil Com ofter 5pm m a ll e t 
S Toke over ae entente on r e f n e w 
Nova No ta u tly CBU S I* leo * ack l f CBU 454 *111 

BOI RN/ MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and O M C P IC K U P S 
111 
Ne 
M om 
B O E R N E lA e ’ d y X **. 
D IR E C T L IN E 
774 5515 

I i C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T Cue 
•am J door 
P o w e r, c tc ra o 
Ac 
: c u m o p a y m e ir ic , a n d S i l l ! balun, v 
Cat! 
M r i e nu * ll 
, IP o*|| 

 l l 
C H R Y S L E R 
W AGO N M U ST S ELL 
? a k l l * 7 p 
I * C H E Y S L tR Town (T T o u n lry wagon goad troncportatian 45*5 
1«* l o ? * ____ _____ 
75 CORDOBA 
Pow er m r, aute 
N ice 
* i*» 5 
344-1721 
IS C O R D O B A 
You nom o it 1 it c got I t l l A c c u m , p a y m e n t! a n a pawnee Con O U B R E A i i i 4*c» 

 l l C O R O O V R . erivor w ith blue veteur in te rio r v a ry d e a n low stfgm.tfJ-.iMi_______________ 
JACK RE 'G E R c h r y s l e r p l y m o u t h 
5«l9 SAN P E D R O 
7)1 i m 

74 N E W 'Y O R K E R E re u g h o m to p e r lo a d e d 
In c lu d e s p o w e r c u n r e o t. in w a r r a n t y 1 7 4 *5 
451 *1 ‘-S »»*> w eek. IO: 

47, tee * p a d 'f ap'pf" w hite, black beauty *77* M I tUPf 
*♦1) 

Tenth Page 
Express-News— Monday, March 7, 1977 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES ’ i73o-743 AQToMoBllES 
73o-743 WTToMOBRES 
173o-743 TOMOBSIrS 
73Q-743-AUToMQBIIE3 
73O-743-AUToMoBIIES 

ANNOUNCING ii cid mptuua (honing 
IORDAN FORD 

THE ALL NEW 
GRANADA 
GRANDE 
TOWN COUPE 

INTRODUCTORY 

AM/FM Stereo and CB 
Radio combination to each Granada Grande 
Town Coupe Buyer. 
Hurry— while supply 

^ tax, HH*, license and cheater prep 

EXAMPLE: STK #2o31* 
„ list Price 
'3743 
Jordon Discount 
— 42o 
Cash Price 
$5323 

Plus Free C om bination Radio 
TOTAL SAVINGS »$82o 

Easy Terms 
Up to 
48 Months 
To Pay... 

*| - 
|( F O R D 
BIG 
COUNTRY 
■ 
FORD 
SALES-BOERNE 

1976 DEMOS WITH FACTORY WARRANTY 

U ST PRICE 
$ 6 7 4 7 .o o 
1 9 7 6 LTD 4-D R . 
STK. o5838 
1 9 7 6 GRAN TORINO 
WAGON STK. * 5669 
1 9 7 6 RANCHERO 
EXPLORER STK. o 5863 
1 9 7 6 GRAN TORINO 4 - D R ._____ 
STK. o59oo 
$ 5 9 9 8 .o o 
1 9 7 6 MUST. COBRA 
STK. o58o2 
1 9 7 6 THUNDERBIRD 
STK. o5872 

SALE PRICE 
$4969.87 

DOWNTOWN » « . I I . N a ry 'i et Derange 
227.1311 
NOD THS IM (lo g y LIQ a1 MtCallaygb 
344-o396 

SOUTHSIDE * 4 1 4 S .W . M ilita r y D r. 
93341566 

REMODELING 
SJE LE 
12-12 Mechanical Insurance Coverage Available 
MOTOR INSURANCE CORPORATION 

7 6 BUICK power. 18,ooo milos.. ^ 
“ > * 9 5 o 

7 6 CHRYSLER 
‘ 5 7 9 5 

7 5 OLDS 
‘ 4 3 S o 

7 4 OLDSMOBILE 9 8 K ' w u S : , . , , A full power, 3o,ooo (tules .............. 
•9441/ 

7 5 M O N TE CARLO S S t a * : stereo................................................... 
4 a J U 

7 5 BUICK S r i S . ’S T 
‘4 1 5 o 

7 4 OLDSMOBILE 
) 3 4 j o 

•YA U llin # t*Sohrg, 2-door, Nu# end white, t a i CA 
/ A tUIV.IV ppwet windows ond soots, storoo 
J * 

7 3 DO DG E 
‘ .‘ 2 8 5 o 

7 1 BUICK X 
^ h S 
- ^ 
Y S O O 

7 2 M ERCURY iTCXZ"’ ’' ‘ 1 9 5 6 

'7 1 DHAITIAC 4 ^oor totolino. Nome ond 
/ I rUNIIAV white, power and oir, low j j 4 5 o 

7 o BUICK 5 R 
J # i S 
W 
S . t M 4 5 B 

■69 d o d g e s w s u f i r ? r * *1275 
7o Used Cars to Choose From 

$ 6 8 2 1 .o o 

$ 5 9 9 9 .o o 

$ 5 o 2 4 .o o 

$ 9 9 6 o .o o 

*4996.oo 
*424o.oo 
*4877.oo 
*42o7.oo 
*75o2.oo 

PRICE 

CUTS AT.' 
§££ BUICK 
74 BUICK 
S349S Ne 
’68 OU)S f± * 

Untury J dr hordlop, automatK, cit, pawer, double charked **6 /4 2 * Was 

RF r€ 
1 
* 

SPECIALS OF THE WEEK 
ON NEW FORDS 

1977 FORD LTD «.g>. 
STK. #1138 

LIST $ 6 3 2 9 .o o 

N O W 

1977 FORD F-1oo 
STK. #1134 

LIST $ 4 4 6 3 .o 5 

N O W 

* 5 3 6 3 . 8 2 
* 3 8 5 8 . 6 2 

153 $. MAINmirni, is. S.A. LINE 227-o86o 
" W H IM YOU CAN AUY COUNTRY STYLI" 

_ 
‘ 2 9 9 5 
? door hordtop, outomotK, ow, 
__ _• i, bucket foots, extra thorp................... 1 5 9 5 

7 4 THUNDERBIRD u . miles, euro dam. loaded ’ 4 9 9 5 

7 4 CHEVROLET 
- • J 9 9 S 

7 4 « 
* « 
K a y r t * 
. 
“ * 4 9 9 S 

17 3 BUICK 
’C 
; U 
‘ r 
; 
K- m 
‘ 3 4 9 5 i . . DI lin s lef1,w> Luiut hardtop, caupo, automatic, 
/ J BUHR oh, power thoroughly reconditioned 
#A26i9A . . r . 
T T T ; ., 
. . . . . ‘ 3 7 9 5 
7 5 MAVERICK 
7 8 9 $ . 

7 o MERCURY ^ 
X 
, X 
. « r -189S 
Skyhnwk, Y O, ouiomotK aw. spend radio, 
I BOO mrla, bar goto pncod 
Malibu Dub coup*, outometK. aw, . power, tnamoi throughout ____ 4395 

7 $ CADILLAC S t t S 
W 
& 
S f i ' M 
H 
! 

7 7 RUICK 

7 6 CHEVROLET 

I SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 
YTrnmvSwmiiwr 

FREE 
LICENSE! 
PLATES 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo ML/12 NIO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
7 5 , and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

7 7 852"“? *1145o 
7 6 S U ‘1o5oo 
76 jrS JTlS S O O 
76 SHJJ 
‘1o85o 
7 6 KSK 
*1o95o 
76 C S 
*965o 
’7A SEDAN DwVILLE satsjr 
'D Beiqe-White v r / J 
7 6 § & £ T 
‘795o 
76 KST ..*859o 
,7A court DeVtliE JQA7c 
76 Rad-White 
” 675 
76 !XELlf ..*969o 
76 EST *965o 
76 2T£;“.;.‘965o eyjr COUPE DeVlllf SQCCtS 
76 Boe White 
*955o 
7 6 2 2 t v,UE...*9675 
7 6 S S L *8995 
7 5 I S * * . . ‘875o 
7 5 SSS?..... ‘829o 
75 SSSSn ‘775o 
75 ihlrWhrte ‘839o 
75 ESS! *799o 
75 SSSE..:*765o 
, 7 - SLOAN DeVllli 
$7Aoft 
75 Green Whit* 
76Vo 
75 
. *765o 
7 5 J S ^ 1..*779o 

7 $ a r * 
*699o 
74 I S 
‘625o 
72 SSS“..‘349o 
7ociT.Sr..*219o 

OTHER MAKES 

( 

WITH W ftY PURCHASE 
'7 5 -’7 4 -,7 3 -’7 2 -,71 - ’7o 

DARTS, OUSTERS, VAUANTS, 6-CYUNDIR, S- 
CYUNDER, AIR, POWER, STARTING AT... $995 
I tar A. A l IVC AA ADH C h h 88, velour interior, oir 
76 OLDSMOBILE and power, like new....... 
74 CHRYSLER dean............. 
I 73 MARK IV 

 hordtop, fully equipped, extra 

All power ond oir, extro nice ........................ t 7 r r LID V C I FP Cordoba, holf-vinyl top, 
/ J V n K T H t K automatic, rodto, heater, power, oir conditioned, red n it*........................ l y e D I VAA A l IT I! Fury' 2<loor hm,r,oP- oUJo' 
J J r L T IV IU II I l l matte transmission, rodio, hooter, oir conditioned.................................... • r y a C A S A ®ro° Fo” no ^hition Wogon, vinyl interior. 
/ 3 iU K U automatic, rodio, heater, oir conditioned t-9m honitop, vinyl interior, outo- 
/ 3 B U IV. R matic transmission, rodio, heater, power ond ow................................................... 
, - n n A U f | . f Catalina, 4-door, automatic trans- 
/ Z K U N 11 A v mission, radio, heater, oir con­ ditioned, real deon.................................... ••• 
M A A A C Aonoco Brougham, 4-door Hordtop, 
72 DODGE fuHy equipped, extra dean............ i -w a P A D A Pinto tourre Station Wagon, yellow, 
/ 3 r U K U cir conditioned, cleoa^. ................ 
I -wa r U S VCI CD **w^or1 Custom Hordtop, outo- 
7 L L H K T j l t K matic transmission, rodio, heater, airconditioned....................................... 
«AC o n ID V Mon,*rr*y- 4-door, outomotic 
/ I IrlC K v U K T transmission, radio, heater, air conditioned..................................................... 
. n . | | | ROI Standard, radio, heater, dean, 
7 3 G R E M L IN low mileage.......................... 
- U D v ( | r n Towne and Country, outomotic 
7 X U i K T H t K transmission, radio, heoter, oir conditioned..................................................... y7 n ^ A AA CT 2-<loor, vinyl top, rodio, heater, 
/ 1 V U m t I automatic transmission, power steering, ow................................................. 

*4695 

*3895 
*4695 

*4895 

‘3895 
‘ 1995 

‘2195 

‘1695 
‘ 1695 
‘1695 

‘1495 

‘1495 
*1495| 

‘1695 

‘16951 

W 
Dependable 

U S E D C A R S 

o . R. MITCHELL 
Chrysler/Plymouth 

28oo Broadway 
822-3341 

IVA. PONTIAC GIAN 
76 prix 
Maroon White 
*599o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THEO AY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 227-4282 

H IW a i d P R E -O W N IO 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Op wry Mon.-Fri. 8 A M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

717 nim 

66 FORD Wagon, good condition 
USS, trode, 342-2*1____________ 
7o FORD Wagon, radio, heater, good transportation, financing 
(I.Cl,unrig. *493 774-441o 
_____ 
'47 FORD XL Coupe, looks, runs goad *493 732 5124_____________ \ 
ST Cotoxta, power steering, ait, I new tires, 
MO 
V I, ox cond, 
342 IMO______________________ 
73 Galaxy 5oo Excellent cond., loaded, lites 451-6617_________ I 
‘69 Galaxy 5oo Needs same motor 
- o r b >27o 434-oo11 ________________ 
7$ Granada Assume Polanco. NO 
EQUITY! 344-7465 otter t p rn. 
76 GRANADA. 4-daor, ^cylinder, automatic, air, will help finance 
Con Woody 433-1464. 
______ 
75 Oranada. loodedt V t. Good cand! hen. 131oo-824 4o34 

C A V E N D E R ’ S 
“ S P E C IA L S ” 

73 HH® iS S - J T iW l * *:‘34« bafta Royal Halfday Coppa, factory air. 
73 OLDS od pa war ppd extras, pow tires . 
’2995 

’73 BUICK SESm rJtTJS *:.'n ? .‘2495 
’76 CHIVY S i 
. ’5495 pawer and extras, eoff ' 
’75 ToRoNADo 
‘ 5795 

’76 DODGE 3 2 ^ 2 ’S 2 ^ 1 K Z ,*.-‘4895 

’75 BUICK y JZ iJftS s .t.''^^rT..*4295 
76 OLDS p m , R il2 2 n v n lN .il. ‘ 5495 

’73 CADILLO 2 ^ T 5 i« r ! -,.r~ '.‘3695 

’76 OLDS ! r ^ 2 2 . 'S a . t i . r r :’3995 

7 6 cHRYsiERStSg'saiL- r r . ’ 5 7 9 5 

’7o OLDS 98 
* ’.f r r . ‘1695 
7 2 MAZDA RX3 5S *w iJtftS ^ 
” 5 
IJL *— Mdtl! 
I- , , , 
75 FORD 
76 OLDS idt!^*.‘T ,.'.tartwy."k'. 
*4995 

12,ooo M IU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORK. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY Of OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS. 

* ‘C O N F ID E N C E IS C A V E N D F R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

74 GRAND TORINO BROUGH­ 
AM 2-door. Power, a ir, extra cleam I Assume payments ons small balance 
Mr 
Bennett 
______________________ 
72 Grand Torino, J dr V B. air awtcmotic, H259 est 1o43 
’74 GRAN TO RINO Wapon 
Toke over payments, no equity 
CPN Credit Manager say «Y4i 
-'76 LTD Brougham. Like new. 
13.66o im., loaded AM FM stereo. cruise control. List: t/2oo. socntice at 54.1oo 341 CDS. 
‘71 LTD l-d e e r, low m iles, ih o r p n 
S acrifice. 
Assume payments, and balance. Call Mr 
Guerra 222-6986 
1*71 LTD, LOAOEOt 
________Cad 341 3*33_________ 
; LTD, 73. 46,ooo mi. Like new, 
I-Owner, lake up payments. Must 
11 OSA tar Don Haiti 225 4561 

Tfll’ BODCf 
__ _ 
71 CHALLENGER '."very Cle4w'l i nots- WB 4355 ofter I -6*6-o3o3 

• • • 
73 CHALLENGER 
2 DOOR TROPICAL LIMB green 
Forest Green Vinyl rear V I, nu tematic, pow or steer mg, pew ti probes, bucket seals Console, and new While Side won Tiros, 
Air 
224 E9SS 

____________P P O 

‘7b Challenger, A CVI., 3 sod . runs great. »7*S 34* OM? 
______ 
73 Chargor, ext ellen! condition 
613-621 l or Blb tH -l 
76 Charger Span 111, VA air pump, uses reg gas I Aute . err j p a w e r , cruise, a m f m under 
Wprrewty M itt 34. «m_ 
J 
74 CPR D fte e euro air, l l 34 mpg , I l i f f Ask fer M r Cer-j ripaih Ail 23*7. WS W It 4tA11J2 

*/38 m i 

•TS Der! Sport, 
532o6 SOO o345 
V I, regular gas 

71 DODGE CHARGER l i t , aute paw er 11659 o r baal 
Otter in IMT 4/1 1/12 it Dope* Celt Carousel Very low m ile s, leaded 514*3 
234 4313 botete 3. alter 3 lls 346* l l Dodge Coit C e u e t i t o i aes s a v e r 4 c y l. 
}« M PG l i l t ! t i l U U OH jjV K ie ext 373 
SI DODGE C oronel By ow ner 
1 R unning co n d ition, p u le fle e r shift. 111 cu in air s h a r k s 
S JO O or best »Her 115 /411 E xt l l } __ i t Dodge Coronel t i Surd Fps! back /XV 1*4 e t ll, 4*4 1144 
*4 DODGE CORONET. V 6.'toad cd. 46,66 m i O riginal owner SS SU 
Nu n o m W eber, 3)4 5443 days, 
4)1 4614 n i g h ts__________ ________ ti DODGE CORONE T ~ 
Aula Oir 5473 I lk o2*1 
7 3 Dodge C oronel Custom 
I U 
VI, pawer, 6dr Sedan V inyl roo! air. excellent m echanical cond 
6*6-6673_______________ ________ 
65 Dodge 6 < * !. standard, p.,ad 
Cond 716 l f It, 22*7 IOU 

736 BOOK 
7 3 7 r n 

 i '73 D odge D a rt. 4, fa c to ry a ir, I power steer mg. $2,136 446 13*2 
By aw ner, *73 Ford G oiaxto 566, ' air, power steering brakes, very clean, t i f f * 142 776* 
64 Dodge. I door 4 standard, a ir, : 
Borgam, 664 1934 
By O w n e r 
'^1 T e rin e f T ff J 
M I 3669 ofter 3 weekdays flassM W r t t r T l i ™ teaJed. excettent condition, AM PM sler 

 t*73 bod e* M onaco 4 doer hard* I leu Loaded Cr arse corm e l 4o ooo miles 521*5 453 4*1.1 
72 DODGE Petora. 4 door. pow er, uuto S> KW 341 J i l l 
*o, o ve rhau led engine. I ow ner 
*2669 F IR M l l * 111* arter 4 pm 

* • P a la te 2 dr 
Hardtop plack vinyl top silve r bottom , blue rn te n o r, J '* V I. a u te . a ir pow er s te e rin g a n d b ra k e s , ra d io . hearer 5**5 att t 4)11/153 atter j . 

E x trp se a t* 
F u ll pow er v e ry d ea n Yea need* Than I need leo 
COH Ran 222-6996 

75 FO R D C O U N T R Y S E D A N 
S tation W opon A M -F M Stereu 
534*5, 341 1425 
I V [OKU 

BANK Rf POSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Toke up paym ents w ith Quoin‘cd credit A pplications accepted by pnpn# No application refused 
MR 
EARL 
227 1413 

74 Ford E ld * A ir. power Landau v in y l top filv o r and b u rg u n d y. 
AM radio 54799 327-3451 atter * 
R 
___ 
74 FORD B L IT E loaded 53*56 326 o2*1 
'75 Ford fid e P o rte d condition 
AM FM . new t -es Speed control 
4*6-6554 after 6 w kdays, anytim e wkends 
IIC COUNTRY m 
Sun Antonio 
Colt 
Til 9*66 i 
76 F o rd F I N Custom L A I 36* 
I nome, Std Power 65* 6652 
15 2 dis f 666 in p u t s ANO N IW> f i t ! f ie H S * 

737 FOK 

6* FORO C alorie 566, It. air, pawer clearing, new liras, good cond s/56 *n ll36 ewes 
~ 74 FOG SILUK fbi 
COUPE While, while vinyl reel 
Automatic air, power steering 1 brakes 
$vtl* 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE l * » l S W M i l i t a r y t i l 6317 
72 FOB CALUS'Mf 
I Pool COUPE 
Automatic, air, power steering, brakes 
AM room 11phi t»oe fly** 
HEMPHILL MCCOMB* 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
■JIHIJLiL “ ±!g£i. m ii" st t ORO Galatia 4 daer, aute. 
VI, arr *5** *13 6336___________ 
72 Ford Colome SOS « deer, power sleeting, brokes Aotema lit, on 466 V f *1)73 653 4616 

FRIE 1 97 7 LICENSE PLATE 
69 FUL l l ID, Automate, 79«*« 
Steering faepr Bruke, 
M I SB 

7? TINIO, 7 doer, standard, air ....... 
* 9 1 1 
73 
DODGf 
7olora 
4 deer, automat,! on AM FM 
*!»7S 

73 GIANO HUX, fully Leaded . . . . . . 
* 2 7 BB 
,73 MAN I O il NO 4 door. aulomom, 
I od, poem steenne, vinyl tee, 
I TO.OoTmdes 
‘2 7 8 1 
Ti MANO HUX od power end aa, 
AM FM...........................*4 7 7 J 
OREN BUNO AY 

N O R T H C E N T R A L F O R D 

99 o o SAN REMO 
BM 

 s'tenne, 
*4585 

TS MONK CABIO IM outemalK. rn, pee** brakes, AM tope 
IS HO I Urn 

 tm J Z J S O 
J T emdows 
*4285 
76 'o*1*o 2 deer. 13,9oo ..ides 
Stgrsky end Hutth cai .. *495oK 
76 (OUGAI XI 7, out 
-- sleerma, brokes, 
*495o paeer si 
AM-fM. 

73MQRQ 

 w rn m ** 

76 FORD LTD 

S to tio n W a g o n 
Fewer, air rend rn amen 

Ona owner. 
* 4 6 2 5 

Coll ta t! N u t toy 

124-7311 D ay* 

3 4 9 -1 9 4 2 Evans R f* 

I 

III 

. 4 

73 FORD LTD Braughem, law m ileaae, excellent, 
I state 
723 3791 exl ll* 
It FORD LTO. 2-doer White, 
1o1.ooo reel 14,o6# 34* 14>l ___ 
I T F ord LTD, exeelleni cond ti,796 must Snit 456 4173 

73 LTD Woe on, tape deck, new battery. rodiats.brohes.t34M. 
U t SSM. 
______________ 
•TS MAVERICK * cyl , aute. elf. power steering. Excellent cendi- 
Iton. 636 3746. 
Maverick 71, 4 door, aulu o.r, 4 cyl radio and heater Geed temi- 
IV car. *9*6 *33-9734 
74 MAVERICK 4 dr , leadbd- Ex I 
• ....... 
" I.y . sr SOQ Hit *731 
I 
79 MAVERICK 
I 
S499 Mr Jordan, *74 1941___ ! 
72 M AVE RIC K I owner 6doo. 4, i le a d e d ! 
W a rd s r a d ia ls . A ll [ records *t4*t I 73* *1o4_________j 
( l l 74 Mavericks 4 door sI SSO teen ( ll 1*74 Ford Torino station ; waeon, *1456. ( I) 1*74 Custom 1 
Fora Custom Odom Si too. (3) l l 
Fords ( IIM each (I) 1*73 Ford 
Econetme Van tli5 6 -'tl Chevrolet : 
'« leu with camper, *7*9 (lf 7 ] 
Cheer aiel *e ten pickups 51959 I each *13-6414 

*75 M E R C U R Y M O N T B G O 
MN, leaded, take ue poyments. ne > equity. Earl Deupherty, 34* 6**9 I 
:M> > AMAtTANO Ceevertibie 
I 
661-3MI 

74 MUSTANG GHIA 
TMO ever paymonts. ne equity, 1 
.in • . rd.! Murmur, r«Y **4«i 
75 MUSTANG g h ia V-6, leaded with extros 53169 674 1196 
74 Mustang Chia Only 11.o64 mites Must SQM 323 1 343 
74 Mustang ll Ohio. V*. reg gas, sunroof, mags, radials Decor in te n o r, AM FM stereo 127o6 
Buda: 66B6177. oyes. 476-5669 
71 Mustang Mach I 151 VI, aula , all equipment, mags Like new, owner *1969 341 1*33__________ 
MUST ANG 1*74, Must sell now 
Will help finance 
Call 
Dick j j j - l i t 4______________________ 
'45 Mustang V I, aute, tow er. 
*1666. 111-4366 

___________ t M 
Z X B S F 1! 1 
LUXURY CAR SPECIALS 
• 7 4 LINCOLN S B '* 1" " .7................>4895• 
• 7 5 MARK V ’"’W r " * 
.... ‘8495 J 
Z 7 5 PONTIAC 
‘4895 Z 
Z '76 LINCOLN i T ' S B r “ ’8495m 
« ’74 LINCOLN 
'F Z S T ""*‘4995 • 
• 75 LINCOLN 
J T U B lt 
A 
• *65 ......................... 9 4 9 5 a r 73 MARK IV ••‘Vs* 4 
‘5995 rn 
• 7 4 MONTI CARIO 
I" * 4 ‘3795 • 
G ’74 MERCURY CHL “X , *** 
‘5895 • 
G 
SMALL CAR SPECIALS 
• 
• 77 MONARCH JJT % lt" * 5 4 o o • 
• ’75 GRANADA “ S i 
‘ 3 9 9 5 • 
• 
’75PLYMOUTH S i r 
‘2 8 9 5 * 
? '7 6 CAPRI ll 
‘3 4 9 5 * 
Z '7 5 OLDSMOBILE " V V H'“" - " ‘269S Z 
• '7 5 MONARCH 
!!o“ ‘3895 • 
• 74 MUSTANG SSxirST'eS " " • 4 *3195 • 
76 MG SJT 
‘ 3 4 9 1 
- f i t 

★ INSTANT CASH ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 
USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SAN PEDRO 

73? HHK 

■71 Pieta Runabout. Aula, a ir, I sunroof, vinyl lop, AM-FM. Back­ ets. console, 36. BM OC two! mi. ex­ cellent inside end out. *149* 
FIRM 666-1933 oi.er Opm 
72 PINTO 4 speed S*93 RUN 
A ttour Besotter *35-3233 
74 PINTO Wuuon. aute factory 

M U S T ( E L L ! 
O hio, lo aded 
75 Ford Granada 
V I, air, am tm, 

-aAXZ.sa ji.,5. v.r ~i t *a 
| 71 f o r o Gran 
71 Ford Galax ie 566 Needs some u. air 
, 
W ^k^rerm , perfect felt cheap. 
Ir^ u I * t 

I Pets* ANO NIW5 

73 FOND Grpn Tor,no (poll, QU 
46,666 mi Consider 
66*-5/>4 eves _ 
71 Ford LTO. mr. power steering brokes, low mi, 51193 7 ll 65*6 

I* F o l d L T D L a n d a u 
IS OOO r n . rodded kx ira neon *24 la * *. 
Otter 3 436 3393 
__________ i*7Q Ford LTO Station wagon loaded rom ytele in 3 9 4»»U7 7i 
73 FORD T BIRO 
J door lull OI JU VI, cruise control our tm stereo lope, moon root aluminum wheels. Mower door lochs, air, climate centre!, pawer steeirng, brokes, seats, windows., , 1 . , ^ 
.. 
6wner. Air, go 
Grey vinyl reof. grey luxury in- 
Ma,' y dxtios 126 *363, tenor, carpeting, fu ll* leaded 
**15838------------------------------------- 
17,6o6 mi excellent condition 
75 PINTO Runabout, loaded, will rn ITH. 114-1k31 
__________ help finance 
Call Mr 
Gauo 
Ford Torino. 1976 
Aller 3 IU HAU 

 pawer windows brakes steering, digital deck, many extras’ 33*66 
633-6663. X iii H I 
71 Pinto one ow net. 46,666 milos, 
SI666 664-1644 

 v i M i, std n ta a L CAH 125 ieee 

 abr, t im . 923-, 
•74 Pinto Waeon Air, aute 
11 f a i r . Cad: 6 6 6 -6 3 t3 _______ _ 
75 T BIRO all power 
Sunroof ' 
Cleanest1 Sac nine' rn help you I fin a n c e Mr Guerra I l i o n * 
72 T Bird Fully loadod moon root, vinyl top 33136 333 3671 
47 T Bird, hor atop leaded 76,6t61 im dean 37*3 341 o7*6 
7) THUNDERBIRD AlTTxlTas, oil eleclnc and pawer, white-I while, am tm, I track stere* 
Perfect condition 37,666 miles 
One owner 6/3 6437 ________ 
7* Thunderbird per let I condition 
WW6 Rich Harper, rn it ll 
7k TORINO Wagon, leaded 24,666 

' TnSnlm eniui 4 i t . new radials, mottler, shocks, alec start Im maculate Like new leather ml 
Um-ASJ I 'M _________ _______ 

I U - [ M H U 

75 LINCOLN 
CONTINENTAL 
TOWN CAR fully equipped. Hew a n ly 
2 2 ,o o o m iles 

$9 97 9 
— awner will Finence. 

• 24.7211 Days 
349-1962 I venmy» 

 w iL Co1.T'* l“ NT* L MA**‘ I* 
HNI##* With AM KM tup* Cruik l l ' 
Ai«m.‘ urn wheats, etc 33.666 mites w. seer itll e tm i i4, set 4241 
: Ltnceln Ceniinenlal 1971 4 dee 
‘• ‘*8"' 8,r> *ult power, vinyl tai 
■» » « 

 hem H k U 'V l* V s T e .* *^ 
CAU I i i 7*49 
.... 

RESS! f i 
S M P 

 h 
7 3 8 W 
M 
. 

SI LINES 
I Cl K A Y S 

M 
M 
M i a 
M f l N i M m i 

N O N C O M M E R C IA L! 

C A N C ! L L A M A 
- 

W 
I T H O 
U T 

R A T E C 
H 
A 
M 
M 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

7J L IN C O L N 4 d o o r. L o a e d M 
S te re o , l e a t h e r . 
T o k e up p a y m e n ts 
A n d a s s u m e s m a ll balance Coll: M f. Levine 722-6986 
71 Lincoln 2 d r. Black int., good tires, 51*93, With CB 734-9984 

•73 L in c o ln T o w n C o u p e . M in t rend. 5o,ooo W I. 539oo 341-2448 

M S • T H I C K I C W 
K K I M . 
H S • I W 
B 
) t C W 
B H t U l 
I S S 
T O 
C I ) I C tH M E R C IM . m iF K R fr j r | 
U N U B .H C S ___________T W IU B .W B 
U K K I CSM3KRCUL 

T M E T ftS , W S F S 

*£?' 
%4Mitt fey# 

7 7 O M C I ton, dual w heel pickup 
Still in W a rra n ty S6Soo. call J im , 
461-4S11 
_____________ 
73 G M C '/jto n S ie r r a , a u to , a ir , pow er $1493. 733-6334_____________ 

MARKU! im m a c u la t e c o n d itio n . $ 2 6 3 o . 
455 o447 o tte r 4 p.m .______________ 

71 M A R K I I I, R e al nice, loaded, m ust sell now ! D esp erate. $39oo 
834-8731____________________________ 
•75 M a r k IV . C h o c o la te b ro w n - d iam o n d fire p a in t. L a n d a u top j with m oon-root. A lu m in u m w heels I and lu xu ry group in te rio r. 14,ooo j m i M ony m o re E X T R A S ! $1o,5oo 
448-3593 a fte r 6pm .________________ 
■74 M A R K IV , e xc elle n t condition, 
653 o384. A fter 4P M .______________ 

M A R K IV , 1973, fu lly e q u ip p ed , excellent cond. $3995. 344-7133 

7 3 M A R K IV , loaded, solid black 
White lea th e r in te rio r. 341-8134, 
349 1o43___________________________ 
M A R K IV - 1973, 4 3 ,o o o m ile s 
Clean. $4,ooo 694-7476 
7 3 M o rk IV , w hite 42tooo m i N ew m ichelins, $53oo; 7 o C ontin ental 
$175o, pe rfe ct cond 344-3oo1 
M ust sell 7 6 M a rk IV , bv ow ner, v ery clean, w ill accep t used c a r in trode 337-5395 or 69o-o353 

1977 PICKUPS 

6ooo TIMES VAN 
L O A D E D !' 3,ooo m iles. M u s t sell. 
C all: John 34 1 8311_______________ 
G R A E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
IH 1o and W W W hite Road 
*61 4131 
M D . 
S u p e r 
G lid e 
I m ileage, excellent. 
I 653-4847. 
____________ 

L o w 
$37oo 

 m m m 

748 MQTOflCVClESSCQQTTTiS 

PAY TOP PRICES 
F o r w recked c ars and T rucks 
A l A U T O P A R T S 
333-1o11 

E xp re s s -N e w s — M o n d a y , M a rc h 7, 1977 
Ele ve n th P a g e 

8 o 2 
MCTGR KOMES SALES REWT 8 o 2 • MOTOR Heroes S S t o f M t 

•QUICK CASH* 
CAR S A N D TR U C K S 
R U N N IN G OR N O T ! 336 3345 
S E L L IN G Y O U R CAR? 
H i-p r ic e s p a id fo r c le a n c a rs - 
Trucks, etc. 333-1343 

TO P D O L L A R * 
J U N K C A R S , T R U C K S , S C R A P 
C A L L : 343-51o1 

VACATION FUN SALE 
A ll S te e l Fr 
" W e 
,8 8 8 

739 MERCURY 

7 3 Com et. Auto, a ir, pow er steer m g, 
F M - stereo 8-trock. $1ooo 
834-13o8 
______________________ 
C O M E T , 7 5 . 3o,ooo m i auto, a ir, ra d io , p o w e r s te e rin g , b r a k e s . 
L ike new. LL blue, m ust ask to r 
Oon M oltl. 335-65o1_____________ 
68 C O U G A R , auto, a ir, e xc elle n t cond By ow ner. 534-8873_______ 

I 

’£9 COUGAR HARDTOP 
3-DO O R F IR E R E D 
W ith block v in y l roof Stereo, a ir, p o w e r s te e rin g , b ro k e s , p o w e r windows. N ew raised lette r tire s 
Autom atic V-8. 
M ust D riv e To A p p re c ia te !! 
224-6956 

• 
• 
• 

73 C O U G A R , tended 
_______ E x tra nice, 341-3933_______ 

•73 C ougar. VB, auto , pow er, vinyl to p , r a d ia ls . V e r y goo d c o n d 
$335o. 834-9846.____________________ 
7 o C o u g ar X R T 
351 C le v e la n d , p ow er s te erin g , b ro k e s . A ir, a u ­ tom pne, S975. 343-7o91____________ 

7 7 C ougar X R 7 . Loaded B alan ce 
$6441. A s s u m e p a y m e n ts . C a ll. 
G u e rra , 333-o986__________________ 
74 C O U G A R X RT, leaded S ilv er, r ed in te rio r. 655-87o5 eves._______ 

76 C o u g a r X R -7 . S ilv e r, p o w e r, oir, 13,ooo m i. 553oo 838-8878 
Here Is Selling Quality 

U sed C a rs F ro m O u r R e n ta l F lee t 
1976 U sed) 
1331 S O U T H T E R M IN A L 
F o r In fo rm a tio n C oll: 836-9665 

7 o M a rq u is B ro u g h a m E x c e lle n t cond., 4-dr., a ir, good tires. $1o5o. 
656-3715.___________________________ 
74 M E R C U R Y C ougar XR 7 
F u l­ ly e q u ip p e d , b ro w n , w h ite to p 
337-8695. 337-7336________________ 
M E R C U R Y 
M A R Q U IS 
1 97 3, 
36 OOO m iles. L ike new , L O A O E O . 
T a ke Up P ay m en ts. M ust ask Fo r 
Oon H o lti 735-65o1________________ 
71 M e rc u ry M a rq u is 63,ooo m i., 
F M , a ir , a u to ., p o w e r s te e rin g , b rokes. $1195. 681 1336 or 341 5o38 
7 5 M e rc u ry M a rq u is 4-dr., 36,ooo m i., A M -F M s te re o ta p e 
V in y l ro o f, p o w e r a ir . P e r f e c t c o n d . 
$41oo 473-34o3.____________________ 
73 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS , fu lly loaded, a m -fm tape, 
$3ooo 
696 3674. 

$9 o o ° ° DISCOUNT 
OFF W INDO W STICKER PRICE 
O N A N Y P IC K U P I N S T O C K 

, Q 
G o o d S u p p l y o f S P O 
R T S M 
A N S , V A 
N 
S 

 l 
V a n d 
R A M 
C H A R G E R S 

 a t S U B S T A N T I A L ' D I S C O 
U N T S ! 
o. R. MITCHELL DODGE 
TRUCK HEADQUARTERS 

1 2 o o B R O A D W A Y f 
2 2 7 - 2 2 8 1 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

In t e r n a t io n a l T r u c k s 
715 Steves Ave.__________ 534-5471 i 1973 In te rn atio n al 16oo serins w ith 
1 to’ d rive in and lift gate. 658-7464 
‘59 IN T ’L S T E P V A N , 6 cyl., stick 
Shift $895. 923 6334_______________ 
•68 IN T N L T R A V E L A L L , $135o 
_________ C all J im , 661 4511________ 
J E E P , 7 5 CJ5 w ith b ro w n L e v i too and seats. Less than 12,ooo m i 
69o-463o o tte r 5 pm_______________ 
‘77 J IM M Y , 4 W heel d r., 3 m os. old. Less than 5,ooo, m i. E v e ry option ava ila b le . List new, $96oo. 
W ill take $85oo or consider tra d e . 
696-5533 anytim e._________________ 
LA~RGE A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
I 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D IE S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-748-3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L T R U C K 
SA LE S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 H a lle tts v ille ,Tx 

L e a s e O p e r a t o r s W a n t e d ! 
3-axle T ra cto rs and T ra ile rs . 
924-7273, 333-5894 
N E W and U S E D B um pers. L ig h t w eight to heavy duty F o r all sites et pickup trucks 934-4551-2o2 N ew 
L aredo H w y.______________________ 

USED CARS-CLEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
223-4283 

8 9 8 
H D N T IN 5 ft F IS H !!!! 
81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 

W anted to buy, V W engine. ‘64-7o, 
16oo 
17-OOcc. m u s t be o p e ra b le , 
686-o635. leave m essage for Jon 
W E B U Y U S E D CARS 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4515 SAN P E D R O 
734 4271 

754 - TIRES pgrts accessors 

•68 a nd up C O R V E T T E h a rdtop, p a in te d y o u r c o lo r $ 5 o o ( 4 ) 
G R 7oX 1S tire s on Ansen S p rin t m ags $24o-349-3791________________ 

Roof, o h , M o to r a ir, 4 o o o 

K W O n a n g e n e ra to r, ster­ eo, tilt w h e e l, crc,se con­ trol, 4 4 o e n g in e , d u a l fu e l tonks, spare tire 7 cu. ft. 

 re frig e ra to r. D o n 't miss this 

 one! 

CAMFERS-THAILfRS 

F ra m e 
W a lls 

Ret $ 18.5CTD— SAVE $1612 
M o ilin g room for n o w shipm ent 

13o6 AUSTIN HW Y. 
8 2 4 -3 2 4 8 t M i s s i o n ^ 

^ 
T r a v e l C e n t e r ^ 

CENTRAL. T IR E CO. 
7o5 N. F L O R E S , 224 5473 

76 O L D S S t a r t l e G T 
Auto a ir, pow er steering, am -fm w h ite w a ll steel ra d ia ls , low , low mi $5oo under book p rice . C a ll 
Bill Johnson 225-3o7o____________ 

‘69 O L D S T o ro n a d o . 455 v8. a ll pow er eauipood. v in y l roof, new tire s , c a r b u r e to r , good o v e ra ll c onatio n 
$795. or best ofter. 
654 127o 

7 5 O LD S W A G O N 
Toke up paym ents, call 974 5636 

‘74 R fcG fcNCY 98, ha rd to p , lood ed, excellent condition. By ow n er, 
$42oo. 
333-771o m tes, 
824-6776; 
661-2849___________________________ 
Take over paym ents on B73 C ut­ lass No equity. C all: 824-76o6 ask for Dennis. A tter 8: C oll: 656-4321 
T A K E O V E R P A Y M E N T S , ‘ 72 
Oldsm obile C utlass, coll 924-5426. 

•71 T O R O N A D O , lo a d e d . E x c e l­ lent m e ch a n ica lly, $14o9 349-2963 

1976 * * T " T O P O ld s C u tla s s 
S uprem e 
B ro u g h a m . 
826-9565, 
695-8o56___________________________ 

741 * PLYMOUTH 

67 B a r r a c u d a 3 18, a ir , a u to . 
Pow er. E xc e lle n t condition $756 
814-9259 

7 o D U S T E R 6 CVI. 
$1o5o. 333-6316 std. E xc e lle n t 

•64 M E R C U R Y M o n te rre y , 2-tone. 
$3oo. 653-2544 eves._______________ 
‘49 M E R C U R Y M o n te rre y coupe, re a l sharp, VS. Auto, a ir, o m -fm stereo $995. 923-6336 
__________ 
‘49 M E R C U R Y M o n te rre y coupe, re a l sharp, VS. Auto, a ir . a m tm stereo $995. 923-6336 
M E R C U R Y M O N T E G O W A G O N , 
7 6 . L O A D E D 
F a n c y ! P e r f e c t c o n d itio n . L o w m ile a g e 
$o2oo new, asking $575o 656-4724_______ 

1975 D u s te r, 25,ooo m i 
$2,795. 927-3948 
L o a d ed 

72 F u r y good c o n d itio n , b e s t oHer, m ust sell M o v in g 456-4273. 

PERFORMANCE VANS 
OF AMERICA 
C u s to m a c c e s s o rie s to r V a n s , 
P ickups, m ini trucks, R V I 
F ro m sm all in stallatio n s to com ­ plete Von Conversions 
1o722 P E R R IN B E IT E L 656-866o 

PICKU PS 
7 5 F O R D 1 »T, long w ide ...$ 1 7 6 o 
7 3 C H E V Y * :T , long w ide 
$138o 
•73 F O R D ’ jT , Iona w ide . . . $995. 
M A N Y O T H E R S , 68o S Flores 
7 6 R A N G E R F7So, lo a d e d " A s­ s u m e p a y m e n ts , a n d 
$ 4215 botonee. Call G U S , 222-o986 

428 C obra Jet engine, C6 iro n s , d riveshoft, com plete re a r end as sem biy. locker re a r end, 31 Spline axles com p $4oo 655-o8o6 349-o331 
E N G IN E for ‘73 B U IC K E L E L C - 
T R A 5175-432-4963________________ 
F r o n t E n d D a m a g e . 7 4 C a p ri, 
3,ooo cc, a ir, 31,ooo m i . sell p a rts o r t r a d e fo r s m a ll p ic k u p o r 
536-3521, Sgt. Lee, 337 473o 
J ac km a n w hite spoke m ags w ith cops. 5 lugs C hevy or G M tit. A fter 
4, 434-5168. 
IS* R im s , w hite spokes. 2 (8 ), 2 
(IO 1), tit V on. 535 each 924-24o4 
S T O C K 283 P A R T S , M a n ifo ld s und heads. Call 435-5511. 
‘68 to *75 C orvette H ardtop. $425. 
4oo Turbo, $125. 15x29* ,x IJ Slicks, 
W heels, SISO. (4 ) 13 F o rd W heels, 
Hubcaps, $4o 679-7154 o fter 5 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER it ovee IOO IMts Im Stock 

AUTHOKtZiO SAUS FOR: 
HOLIDAY 
RAMIlfR, 
PROWLER.' 
NOMAD, 
VENTURE, 
STARCRAF7 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
MAI Mi IIAMSC 

V6oo Ik’ 
V 
*53-671? 
Across ftom Howard Johnson's 
9 'til dark, Mon.-Iii 
9-6 p.rn. Sat. 1-S Sundays 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 
1976 Travtl OuMn 27 Et, 
Luxury lint Motor Homo. 
Root bath, built-in IV, built-in vacuum doantr! 
Call: 
817-773-3363 

SPRING SAU SPECIALS 

EXAMPLE: 
1 4 X 7 6 ’ 
SHERWOOD DELUXE 3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, folly carpeted, fully furnished Central aw, centro! heat with appliances included 
FREE 
DELIVERY A SET UP 
REGULAR P R K !: $ 9 5 o o 
S A U PRICE: ( M S O 

EXAMPLE: 1 2 X 6 5 ’ 
YOUNG 
AMERICAN Quality home, 2-bed rooms, 2 full beths with step up kit­ chen FuHy furnished. Central ok, central heat Appliances included 
FREE WASHER wtth purchase al mobile home free delivery A se! 

R e g u l a r p r ic e : $ 8 9 9 5 
S A U PRICE: $ 7 6 6 6 

EXAMPLE: 
1975 king 
TON I4 XSo , 2 bedrooms, famished Central heat and included FREE DELIVERY 
UP 
REGULAR PRICE: $ 8 5 o o 
S A U PRICE: $ 6 8 8 8 
P S. Out of fawners gas ex and n ab paid wHt 

IU * IR AA 
Fully fumn 

A W SfTUP 

WISING 
I bath 

 f a t e 

 i 
AMERICAN MONIE 
A MODULAR HOMES 
271o SOUTHWEST M in ARY 
922-7191 
922-o441 
HOPEN 7 OAYS W EEKI! 

L E O N S P R IN G S 
P e r m a n e n tly in s ta lle d 2-3-4 b e ­ droom u n it* on tre e covered lot*. 
C hain link fe n c e, (fo r a g e b u ild ­ in g * . c o n c re te p a tio * a n d c a r ­ p o rt*. B e a u tifu l c o u n try liv in g iu * t 2o m in u te * n o rth on IH 1 o 
698-21o7. 349-26o7 
B I L L P R I C E R E A L T Y 

7 4 M agnolia double, 24x$4, 3 be­ droom , 2 both, c en tro ! heat, o ir. 
E quity, a tta m e 492-9251 

M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R S 
Need a little e x tra cath ? 
W E buy M obile H om e T ires and 
W heels. $1o E ach . B ring in or w e pick up 
S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
2742 $ W M IL IT A R Y DR 
922-o54o_______ 

71 N E W M O O N , 1 4 x 6 o . 3 b e ­ droom s, c e n tra l o ir-h e al. 681 1373 
7 3 P A R K W O O D 12x65, l'jb o th * , 
3 bedroom * Assum e or re fin an c e 
$95oo 658 9o53 e v e * 
_ 
1973 R ed D a le W i t t , s e lf con tam ed, a ir, 3-way re frig ., 2 hold m g ta n k *, sleep* 6, ta c k *, hitch, ladder and luggage rack P e rfe c t condition 684-1443_________ _____ 
TO P D O L L A R P A ID 
FO R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
824-324o 
924-4424 

U G LY ! 
U G L Y ! 
U G L Y !! 
N O T R E A L L Y , 1966 C h ic k a s h a , 
64x12. T h re e b ed ro o m *, I ’ i b o th *, w asher, dishw asher. 
S O U T H P O R T M O B IL E H O M E S 
924-4231 
39o6 S.W 
M IL IT A R Y 

W A N T E D !!! 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H -FA S T S E R V IC E 
M R M IL E S 924-4231___ 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

* 
C 
A r o m r c 
? 
U S E D F O R E IG N CAR P A R T S 
T o y o ta -O attu n V W , m ore 
T A M Auto P o rt*, 658-o591 
U S E D F O R E IG N CAR P A R T S 
T o v o ta -D a ts u n -M aid o -V W . m ore 
T A M Auto P o rts, 658-o591 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E xclusive d ealer tor 
V E N T U R E Tent C a m p er by S ta rc ra ft 
“ L ittle Castle On W heels" 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 

* 

* 
* 

 l f 

SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

49 P L Y M O U T H F u ry II I, a ir, a u ­ to, pow er steering, a m -tm , 4-door, | e x c e lle n t c o n d 
$75o 
8 2 8 -1 3 8 o ! w o rk; 681 3532 hom e._____________ 

P L Y M O U TH ‘75. $2995. 
3o,ooo m i E xc e lle n t cond 494-23o8 

‘49 P L Y M O U T H S o te lite w ago n. 
318, VB, auto oir 473-4467 eves. 
*44 P ly m o u th S a t e llit e . 2 d r . hardtop, VB, pow er, a ir . I ow ner. 
654-o4o6. 
______________ 
*65 P lym outh V a lia n t. 4 sta n d ard . 
$695 o r best otter 653 7o97 

‘73 P ly m o u th W agon 
3 Seat, a u ­ to ., p o w e r, a ir , A M -F M . $1995. 
22o-2745; 824-7643. 
4o P ly m o u th W aoon. M o to r e x ­ cellent condition 8*oo 432-o925. 
‘48 S atellite. 6 c yl., s ta n d ard , a ir, 2 dr., cleon 342 8579 

•59 M E R C U R Y , p erfect. $3oo ‘69 
O LO S, $15o. 734-3o/3______________ 
~ 7 4 MERCURY WAGON 
L o a d e d $335o. D a y s : 349-6321, eves., wk en d * 
492-1893. 
74 M o n a rc h O hio. a m -tm stereo 
P o w er s te e rm g -b ro k e t. a ir cond. 
T oke o v er p aym en ts $155 m o or 
$49oo. D ays 925-6o51 ask tor L e t; 
N iles 473-2243._____________________ 
72 MONTEGO 
M X B ro u g h a m 
2 -d r, O ft W h ite , brow n vm lv top A ir, pow er, e x tra clean. $2195. 
By o w n e r. E v e s : I 
7354125. 
____________________ 

•75 M O N TEG O , $1895. 
68o3 S O U TH F L O R E S 

74o • OLDSMOBILE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

7 2 Cutlass 2-door h a rd to p 
V e ry I clean! 
$2195 
828-6355, a tte r 7 
69* o3o3___________________________ 
7 4 C U T LA S S Salon, loaded, nice, toke u p paym ents. 926 6671 

C U T LA S S 74 
S ilv er, 4 door, a ir , h e at, a m -tm , r a d ia ls . L ik e n e w 
E x c e lle n t m a in te n a n c e . $4195. A tte r 6 pm a n d w e e k e n d s , 
M r . 
T o r r e s 
681 o194. it no ans. 484-8374 
7 2 C u tla s s S. I o w n e r, low m i. 
Loaded $21oo. 679-7215 

7 2 S a te llite C u s to m , v in y l to p , outo., pow er steering, b ra ke s and 
Oir. $155o 691 i m 
___________ _____ 
71 Sport F u ry B ro u g h a m 64.ooo m ile s , fu lly lo a d e d . E x c e lle n t 
SHOO 492 9543 
_________ 

741 PtNTIAC 

7 2 B O N N E V IL L E , 4 d r h a rdtop, pow er, a ir, im m a c u la te 341-8124, 
349-1643 e v e * 
____ 

# 8 3 2 6 
1 9 7 7 NEW DODGE 
D I OO PICK-UP 

★ Heavy Duty Clutch ★ 2 2 5 Cubic in. 6 
Cylinder Engine, ★ Heavy Duty Radiator, and Cooling System ★ All Direct Reading 
Gauges, ★ (5) H 78-15 4 Ply. Blackwall 
Tires, ★ 6 1 o o G V W Pkg. ★ (Uses Reg­ ular Gas) ★ Power Brakes, ★ Electronic 
Ignition System, ★ Excellent Vehicle for 
Commercial and Personal Use. 

7 6 R A N G E R X L T F-25o. loaded* 
F ull tim e auto. 4 w heel, c a m p e r coo, a ll te r r a in tire s . $7175, or best otter. 656-4364 
SAN A N T O N IO TR U C K S 
S A LE S A S E R V IC E 
G M C , O iom ond-R eo, P eterb u ilt 
381o IH to_________________661-4511 
SCHO O L H ighw ay D iesel Buses 
23o1 N O O A L IT O S ________ 534-6711 

7 4 Scout T e r r a P ic k u p , 2 w heel drive, loaded, under 13,ooo m iles, 
846oo o r best otter. 342 7o91. 
47 SCO UT 4 w heel d riv e P e rfe c t shape for rood or hill. 
$1595, 
824-4938___________________________ 
•77 S ilv e ra d o p ic k u p 
R ed , fu lly leaded. L ike new ! $41oo. A tte r 5 p m 
699-1734_____________________ 
1974 SU6URRAN 
V S . autom atic, a ir. pow er 
W hite-R ed .....................................$449$ 
JA M IS O N M trs Seguin, 223-52o1 

12 V o lt G M r e a r e n d w ith 513 g e a r* 428 P ontiac cag and turbo 
4oo w ith B M p a rts T R W 327 pis­ tons 12.5. ‘69 LeM ons body oats 
Sunday: 475-1637. 

655 o251 
49 S H A S T A 17’ fu lly s e lf con 
* . 
Jfr tam ed, a ir $22oo 34* 6o31_______ 
^ 1976 Cobra, 29 Ft. Luxury 

71 VW Fastback rebuilt eng $3oo 
Also ports 432 4464 
2 VW G oodyear tire s w ith m ags. 
D *o x l3 , goaO tre a d , $14o 427-2243 
9om~4pm. 
W re c k in g D a ts u n B 2 *o. E n g ., s ta n d , tra n s 
L e ft s id e . H a tc h ba ck , w in d sh ie ld , r e a r b u m p e r 
734-7747 ar 494-75oo 
_________ 

7S8 
• 
AIRCRAFT 

 supplies_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 services. 

Toke over paym ents on 7 3 C h e w p ickup 
No e a u ity . C a ll 824-74o4 ask tor 
D ennis. 
A tte r 
8. coll 
656-4321 
J ton in t e r n a t io n a l, s e r ie s 4o flatbed truck 
$75o 
224-8231. 
826-5613. 

7 3 Toyota pickup LB . Auto , a ir, new tires, w hite spoke w heels. 
4S3-317o,______________________ 

75 ARROW i , like new 
7 ) ARROW R, air 
7 5 AZTK. 27o hrs. TY 
'69 ATTIC 4oo Hrs. oo9. 
At, AITH Turbo 
7 o O H IO *ll 235 
’69 OfftOXK 235, dual radial 
75 SUHR CUR, IOO Hrs. n 
75 OKROtii 149, Me new 
74 c r e ta n 14o, (tom air 
7 4 NAVAJO, duett an 
'65 CISSNA 31o J, radar 
★ AWM trade far AxytMnf 

I-122R 
341-o535 

T R A IL E R H O B B S ; 12 yds. P e r- feet condition 
$4,8oo—673-4191. 

N O R T H S T A R D O D G E 
T R U C K C E N T E R 

7 2 4 2 SAN P E D R O 3 4 1 - 2 2 S 1 

Assum e P aym en ts, no equity, *74 
F O R D P IC K U P , CBM BHI $31-5411 

‘44-'47 Bonneville, ‘41 m otor, 151. 
Coll 923-8318. 
7 2 C a ta lin a B ro u g h a m 
Loaded , : m ost sell. $15oo 684 8oo3 
69 C A T A L IN A O dour goad cond 
O w ner, $745 735-8o45 

B O D Y M A N S S P E C IA L S 
7 7 Chevy S ilverado 
................$285o 
7 6 G M C S ie rra 4 c yl 
............. $1875 
■75 F o ra R a n g e r PISO 
...........$2o5o 
7 5 G M C S ie rra C tostic . . . . $1o5o 
7 1 F o rd R a n g e r X L T 
. . . 
$1475 
M ony M o re To Choose F r o m !! 
122o N ew L a re d o H w y-914-48/9 

7 4 B ronco 4-w heei d riv e 
E x c e l­ lent condition! 
828-6355 a tte r 
7:-496-o3o3________________________ 
C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A LE S 
D istributors C en tu ry W re c ke rs 
16o3 NO 
A L A M O ________ 235-6146 

1973 C h e v ro le t C h e y en n e S u p er. looped! 826-9545 695-8o54_________ 

‘68 C h e v ro le t p ic k u p 6 c y lin d e r. 
Standard *645 bes* ofter 656-1ooo 

1 / 4 C H E V Y C h e v e n * S u p e r 1o.1 

‘75 D O D G E V A N 'to ton. 3-speed standard, a ir, 835oo. 533-5o67 

•77 Oodgo V on 
VB, pow er s te e r­ ing Von custom ising k it, A M -F M stereo cassette, low m ile s . A tte r 
6 684-6131 
_ 
_ 
O R IV E IN T R U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o1 L aredo H w y 916-6551, 414-4352 

V A N S - B u y , S e ll, T r a d e 
6831 S .F L O R E S 
9 2 3 4211 

S H A S T A » P R O W L E R 
We Toke Trade-ins 
C om plete S ervice D ept 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A LE S 
IH te J M i N orth of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127 S A Phone 224-2424 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 3 P M ________ 
7 3 S H A S TA 19 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A LE S 
IH IO, ) M i. north of B o o m * 
R T 
2 
BOX 
127, 
S A . 
Phone 
224-14426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 11-5 P M 
STARCRAFT 
M Y E R S T R A IL E R S A LE S 
114 K ingsbury 
S E G U IN , TX 
S ta rc ra ft S w inger 6 tent cam p e r tra ile r, excellent condition, | 
492 12o7. 

18' S T A R C R A F T T r o l l e r , s e lf contained a ir,'7 2 O LD S T o w -c o r, | w ill separate. 684-o877 
Style C ra n com per, insulated and p a n e le d w ith fu ll-le n g th d o u b le | doors, $43o 439 1343_____________ 

•76 T ra v e l T r o lle r 14' 
M o to rc y ­ clists. Bicyclists m ust see! $213o 
828-3874. _____________ .___________ 
1976 tro v e l tra ile r, sleeps 4, fully contoined, on 8438o, 341-3475. 
U tility Box a nd H e a d a c h e R a ck 
$1oo 
W it) C o n s id e r t r a d e fo r | 
Srmfll T ruck C om per to F it Toyo­ ta 
Long 
Bed 
P U . 
C A II 
B ill I 
432-2o97._________________________ 

W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r a v e l 
T ra ile rs Coll: M E L 924-5314 

VANS 
'74 D O D G E M a x i, 1$ p a st. 
$428o 
*71 
C H E V Y 
VS. outo. oir, pow er 
......................................... $275o 
7 1 , F O R D 
VB, auto, oir, pow er ..............................................$295o 
*72 C H E V Y 4 Std 
.................. $195o 
71 F O R D 6 Std 
.................... $1295. 
'64 D O D G E $9ats-w indow e 
$795. 
6831 SO F L O R E S 913-4111 
•72 v w 4 -s p e e d , a m -fm s te re o ta p e , c le o n th r o u g h o u t. $115o. 
324-3473, 653-13o4 
4 W H E E L D R IV E 
25 M P G . S u b a ru 
S u p e r s ta tio n w ag o n . 1977, 7,ooo m ile s 
$49oo 
-save V*oo 142-1842 

D u m p tr u c k . '87 In te r n a t io n a l 
14oo, IO vd bod. ta n d e m a x le . 
Good condition $4ooo 694-8464 

74 E l C a m in o C la s s ic 15o VS 
Loaded, p e rfe c t cond m u s t sell 
SHOO, 
$35o below 
Blue 
Book, 
657 oo94______________________ _ 

*73 F ire b ird . 6 cyl 5223o or best otter Call 342 oo7o_______________ 

7 3 F IR E B IR D 
L O A D E D , COH 341-1933 
_ 
| | 
^ ^ ___ 

48 F ir e b ir d , s h o w c a s e e n g in e ,I e*™ oifo® « r ! c o n d .M u s V s e ll im m e d ia t e ly ! 
349-3o42 
C o m c* r or I S H OO. 341-6214, 736-o383 

73 BCaminc SS 
V-8, oulornotic, o ir, pow er . $2295 
J A M IS O N M trs Seguin 313-32o1 

E l C am ino SS 19*t. lee . v e ry good 

44 W H IT E F re ig h ttm e r and belly 

748 MTORCYCUS SCOOTERS 

7 1 B M W . low m ile a g e, w tn d io m m er other e x tra s $17oo 344-8934 

75 G L (OOO Loaded C all 458-1986 j otter 6 p m 
74 M orley D avidson super glide, c u tto m iie d , 1,3oo m i 226-3839 

 re b u ilt, m ust see to a p p re c ia te 
M ust sell. 733-34)6, 733 3428. 
I 
7 6 G R A N D P R IX has p o w e r, and a ir . 
S te r e o . 
B la c k . 
A s s u m e pa ym e n ts , a nd b a la n c e on note. 
Call 
G U E R R A 213 o98*__________ 
75 G R A N D P R IX , p o w e r e v e r ; y th m g l! S h arp 
Y o u got o little m o n e y ? I d o n 't! So le t 's g e t together. 
C a ll: 
Ron 
Woods 
111-o988 j 
1974 G R A N D P H IX S 
C hoice of 
CO LO RS S469S-34I-1423___________ 
7 3 G R A N D V IL L E lo ad ed v in y l 

7 5 C H E V Y Classic V on, loaded 
Sake d a m a g e to in te rio r. 17,ooo m i. 53893. 658-o391________________ 

72 C H E V Y * j C IO. 4 S ta n d a rd . 
. , V » s ia 
IW B , 
$!5oo. 
224 5473, 
698 1444 ! 7 ,7. » 
- 

‘69 El C am ino SS, good condition, 
$135o. 496-38o3. 
______________ 
7 5 E lC o m m j S uper S port 
P e r ­ fect c o n d , 
$12oo. 
533-o5o6. 

7 6 H a rle y D a vid s o n S u p e rg lu e , 
$16oo. Coll 668-o36o_______________ 1 
‘ 74 H A R L E Y F u ll d r e s t H o g e v e ry tin g * S u p er th o r p 
IO,oo*1 m ites, 
W .11 take tra d e 
$265o 
1 4 237159___________________ _ 
7 5 H a n e y X L H SP taOOcc. $22oo 
Ask ta r Ski, d o y *: 22t 5374 

INTRODUCING 

NEW PIPER TURBO 
ARROW III 

16S Knot Cruise 2o,ooo 

Service Ceiling. 

Ex dusty* {aa Antonio 

SHOWING AT 
NAYAK AVIATION 

INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 

SATURDAY, MAUCH S 

I to O f JKL 

8x15 S partan tra v e l tra ile r, clean, good shape. $125o 
574 N . W W 
W hite Rd P e a r- c T •o ile r P o ** 

8o2 MOTOR Homes sales rent r 
SACRIFICE 
DEALERS 
COST 

1977 Travel Queen, 3o ft luxury 

 line Meter Home AR the usual 

 options art standard rn this unit, 

 including Microwave Oven, (alar 

TY, M f -hi Vacuum Cleaner lad: 
817-773-3363 

B 
B 
H 

SWS eves 

I tup, p erfect 
I-o w n e r 
$2195. 
7 1 C u tla s s S, p o w e r s liv e rin g . | 494-1843 b ra ke s A ir, re a r speakers, ro lley : wheels, m ust d riv e * 224 6936 
73 C U T LA S S S U P R E M E I door 
Assum e sm all botonee Low eaui tv M r. L evine, 332-o986__________ 
7 4 Cuirass S uprem e loaded* L x c a lla n t co n d itio n $3493 828-4155.1 T2L_„ a tta r 7:-494 o1o3 __________ 

7 6 G ra n P rix L J . F u lly lo ad ed , sunroof Coll 494 1867 
G R A N 

•71 C H E V Y C U S T O M $1795 
_____________ 911-8442_____________ 

74CHEVY El Camino 
T o k * up paym ents, no eau ity , call 
Tom Ford, 349-4948 
_________ 
73 C H E V Y F e n d o rs e e . I speed 
Standard $13oo 461 6 5 IL 
_ 

UP 

7 4 Cutlass S u p rem e 
F u lly load I ed l i m 
733-6139. 733 7214 
I 

7 4 C U T L A S S S u p rem e , to k e up paym ents, 924 6671 
1 

76 C U T L A S S S u p r e m e , a ir , $ j track 849(H) 926-491/_______________| 
7 4 C u tla s s S u p re m e , e x c e lle n t ; cond inside a nd out. looks good j d u v e t good 
C om e see! 
$11oo 
731-4684. 

71 D elto Bl M e ta llic blue, pow er. 
3 n e w tir e s , a ir 
W a n t to b u y s m a lle r c o r! C le a n , good cond 
A s k in g $11 95 
W ill b a r g a in 
438 $748, 6 8 6 -IIH o tte r 7_________ e l D e lta B l. 
J ' p la te s , g o o d shope 8538 671-o25X 
71 D elto R oyale 88 Sedan Cruise 
C o n tro l, re o r w in d o w d e fo g g e r 
455 engine, low m iles 
$19oo 
118-983o__________ 
7 $ D elta 18 
R oyoie 4-dr Sedon 
8328o COM 
333 3872 
_________ 
'49 H U R S T O LO S, pow er, a ir, low m iieoae 494 1193 
____________ _ 
65 Olds 442 4 bbl 
4 sod . Pos* tr a c k , A M F M q u o d , a ir , ru n s perfect. 84oo 733 33o9____________ 

O L O S 442 
7o 
C le a n , lo a d e d 
45,ooo n u 
o28 6688, 253 S efo rd 
Atter 6pm 
______ 
7 5 O LD S C utlass 
3 d r., load ed 
L ike 
N ew . 
18,o48 m iles 
Coll 
361-348$. 
! 
72 Olds Cutlass S uprem e. 2 door g o ld . v in y l lo p . b u c k e t s e a ts , console. A M , 8 tra c k stereo lope 
*o 46o nu. good tiros 
$23oo 
*38 /111 

76 O L O S C U T L A S S S u p re m e . luke up paym ents, 974-3614 

72 O LD S CU I LASS 
_ Totl* up paym ents, 924 6471 
1971 O lds C uirass S u p re m e one ow ner 836-o343, 693 8o36_________ 

O lds 
77 C u tlass S u p re m e h o ra tap M ayb e nicest in $ A S ac rifice 
$3193 694-SQ87_____________________ 
O LD S 7 o D elto 88 C u llo m 4 Poor h a r d to p . 455 VB. a u to p o w e r s te e r in g , b r a k e * , a ir 
R a d io 
Cleon 673 1774__________________ 
74 olds D e lta 88 Custom D e r a t* 
4oo cu a u te ., a ir , flo w e r. A M - 
E M ra d io , ta p e , c ru is e c e n t io1 
T ra ile r pkg , new tires., CB $475o or m ake peter I ens 3187 _ _ _ _ _ 

 l l O L O S D e lta 88. 4 4.o o8 m i 
* cieon 
I ow ner, 
I lone, 
BUM) 
633 /149 
__________ 

74 
G R A N 
P R I X . to k e poym ents, coll 924-6471 
I 
71 G R A N V IL L E 2 floor 
L o o d I e d ! ! A s s u m e p a y m e n ts a n d ; b alance. 
C all 
L evin e 
211-o986 
47 G TO 4oo engine. 4 speed $6oo 
CoM 616-1841 
I 
1949 G TO F u ll pow er, o ir, g re at ru n n in g cond, n e w tir e s . $7oo 
*96 9644 or 496 4439 a tte r * ______ I 

72 Olds, R oyale C o n vertib le M ost sell $15oo Coll C la rk 344-4339 
7 4 Pontrac A t tle S ato ri W agon. 
$1oo below Brae Book 
$3ooo or best otter 
A ir. A M -F M cassette, im m ac u late 673-3446 
____ 

68 
Pontrac, 
$275 227 1777 
4 door, auto, a ir. 

7 4 O L D S D e l t a 8 8 
T o k e o v er p a y m e n ts no e a u ity , coil C redit M a n a g e r 349 6948____ 

49 O LD S , 3 door 
P e rfe c t te n d * hon $75o 911-$341 
_______ 
O l d s 
*5 F IS , m u s t s t * a n d d rive, $695 344 3739____________ _ e x c e lle n t 

7o P o n tia c 2 d r c a ta lin a , ru n s gre at. $85o 831 7o43 
73 P O N T IA C C P , w hite, e xcellent 
$1956 /27 o*38; 734 3333__________ 
71 P O N T IA C G R A N D V IL L E b t a u t i f u l. L o w rn! a u te , t o ll power 4-door, hardtop, v in y l root. best boy 
A n y w h ere at 
$1395. 
694-3714 
; 
45 Pontiac G ra n d P rix 
L oaded ! 
$415 best otter 436 1o4o 
___ _____ 
Pontiac G ron P rix , 7o. $8oo Call 
636 894o, a lte r S P M 
___________ 

7$ P O N T IA C I E M A N S , A t - 
S U M I P A Y M E N T S , C all 934 $616 

7$ P O N T IA C L e M o n s S p o rts coupe, a m tm I tr a c k , b u c ke ts , pow er steering, disc b ra ke s, auto. v e ry good gas m i v e r y c le o n . | s h o o 633-6)83 eyes 
49 Pontiac L eM o n s Good cond , 1 outo , a ir, V I 343-8831 
•73 P O N T IA C L u x u r y L e M o n s . toke up poym ents. 924-4*71 

68 P o n tia c T e m p e s t f r o n t e d # . 
; w indshield, etc 
7o th ru ;/2 N e va 
G rilles, (new in b o x ,) reasonable 
734 539o 
IS M E REPOSSESSIONS* 
AVAILABLE 
DANK RATE F IN A N C IN G 
; SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
o2o BROADWAY 
! 
227 6o41 

T R A D E even 71 P o n tia c G T O , has 54,o4o o rig in a l m i 
I O w ner, tot 71 thru 7 3 Chevy or F o rd von. 
98* B ritto n A ve 
9 2 I4 4 4 I. o tte r t i m w eekdays, all day w eekends 

7 6 TRANS A M . 4-speed, 
B e ta ** I P rn 432-5513 

74 C H E V Y P ic k u p , 4 -w h ee l d r toke up poym ents, 934-5634 
7 3 C H E V Y P IC K U P 
________■ i ton, COM 141 3933 

68 C H E V Y P ickup Hon. auto o ir * power runs g re at. ow ner 
$34-8873 
74 C H E V Y P IC K U P . S ta n d a rd . 
V I s h a rp !! A ssu m e p a ym e n ts , ond $224o b alan ce 
R en 
Woods 
111-49o4 
74 C H E V Y P ickup CW B V I std , 
$2395 451-1574. 
I 
7 o C H E V Y SWB 
V t, standard, on 
341 IO U 
| 
7 1 Chevy * i ten. arr, auto pow er > steering, V-8. LW B $1893 o r bast ; otter toddy IS IS C u ieb io 

71 C H E V Y ' i ton L iv e F leetsid e. I 
! V I s to n d o rd , a r r, h e a t, e x tr o ta n k . h d r a d ia t o r , c le o n 
I 
O w ner S o t QI l l * B eal St 735 4349 
64 C h a w 11 ton pickup, good con aition, new point, $795 65 Chevy 
' i ton pickup good condition new pom 1, a ir, $893. 236 8231, 824 3913 
73 C H E V Y ta ton, O-spted, $1795 
Coil 911-6441______________________ 
49 Chevy ' i Ion std w ith c a m p e r cover 
E xcellen t condition $lo9S 
419-78*4- 
I 
7 1 C h e w Von 14 , a ll a lu m in u m 
7 4 In te rn a tio n a l 5 ten V an , V an with Mtt 933-3573 
14 C h e w V o n , c a r p e te d , c u r ­ tains, 4 contain s chairs, A M F M 
8 tra ck a tte r sam 341-4847 
49 C H E V Y V A N , C ustom p o in t and interio r $3748 333-3171 

7 4 C h e w V -8, ’ rto n . rang step side stondord 
R eal nice. 8219$ 
>37-1481 
73 Cheyenne IS N ew h r * * , runs anti looks good. 734-9994__________ 
Clean 

174, F IDO C ustom , D ue to flin g s* m ust sell 
Low m iles 
$295o 
333-1773___________________________ 
7 $ 
F O R D 
C o u r ie r , a i r , in I w arra n ty 334oo 636 3413 
661 4813 j 

7 4 F O R D C ourier, 5 sad , 8 tra c k j 
$285o 6$8 385$____________________ 
73 F O R D C ourier 32,ooo m i A ir, tall bed double doer cover 
O uai tr u c k e r s CB a n te n n a s 
B e tte r than new condition $242$* 82o-1311 w ee k d ay s _____________ __ 
"1973 Ford Custom 1 j toil. F U L L Y 
LO A O E O 826 9545 695 8o56 
7 4 Ford E33o C o rg o V an. a u to , oir, 381 VB, 1,9oo m iles 699 pool. 

74 F O R D F I SO. D e L u x e I to n * l oaded* I II help ftn a n c t Cpl! M r 
Bennett 222 o986__________________ 

7 5 FO R O F 13o S U P E R CAB 
All p o w e r, a ir 
A s su m e p a y m e n ts , and 
$41o4 balance 
C all. 
G U S , 
I 222 4986___________________________ 

71 H odako b -F 1ooCC D irt B ike. | like new 825o 733 138o____________ 
7 1 H O N D A 75o, $1o5o 
661-7527, 331-5o63_________________ 
7 1 H O N D A ISO and 
4oo, C A L L 431 o919 
73 H O N D A 

7 4 FO R O LN 94o. tw in screw . SM enptne 5 and 4 tra n s m is sio n , 14 
G oiiion dum p bed 
7o.4o4 a c tu a l m i 
$1o,5o4 
C anyon 
I 91$ 2117 

H O N D A 7 1 . CB ISO. low m i. E x ­ cellent condition. F e rrin p Shield, saddle bags, a re al beauty. $55o 
337 5155_________ _________________ 
7 4 Hon OO 2o4 CB 995 m iles. Adult ow ner, tarin g , crash bars, rock 
813-81*1. 
71 Hondo CB 45o Shorp, e xtra s 
M o v in g ' t643 67$-4343___________ 

H onda CT 7o S treet L e g al 
$315. 
Colt 344-4166 a tte r 4 p m __________ 

1975 H o n d o 75o 
C u t t o m iie d 
$14oo Coll S II o923 Otter 3_______ 
7 4 H O N D A E lsinore. CR 113. C H pipes, porcupine hood 
SISO I 
654-7374 
H O N D A 4oo F o u r 
Low m ile a g e 1 
Stoop 83o-451o eves_______________ | 
7 2 H ondo SOO 
G ood c o n d itio n 
MOO 113 2495, 111 9321________ 

I I --- 
I ★ ★ ★ ’★ ’★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ • ★ ★ 

' 

ALAM O FLYERS INC 
Ti A K U # Ii. kiie new 
73 m o w ll on 
7$ A n te 2n Hrs TT 
69 A/TH, 4oo Hrs m g 
Ob A D K lufbo 
7o (HtlOKEt 715 

69 CHI (OKU 23S. duel radios 
7S s u r e CM, I OO Hts TI 
75 CHHOUR 14o. Mraiww 
7 4 CHHOUR 14o ebon ae 
74 NAVAJO. Outbox 
65 CESSNA 31o J rad * 

• • ★ i l l trode tor a n y th in g 

9 2 2 - 1 3 2 o 2 4 1 - o 5 3 5 
“Your Piper (tailer 
W e weed f « w 

★ 

J 1976 

CLEARANCE 
SALE 

MINI 

* 

* 

MOTOR ★ 

J HOMES, 
Going of J 

★ Dealers Cost 
* 

★ 
* t 817-773-3363 % 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
* 

^ Line Motor Komt. Rear * 
4- bath. Call 
It 817-773-3363 » 

8o4 jQ A T S , MOTORS 

 rHElP: ARRIVED! 
41 MORE 
BOATS: etCHUM 

NON glare aluminum IO' to 16ft 
Sot popular, deep, soft nd* V- 
IO W l i f t n e t O U K TO rra, limit­ ed $299 «r/(devest, throw rushsen, line, 12ft V $279; IS' Hot high mode $239, 14 $199, 1oft $159 
So why gamble w/'ffy-hy night mfors ? 
Out 
I 6 t \ veor w / 
RtOftJM , m dudM f .H O V E N 

 canoes 3S-17ft. 
* SP A O making 77 deals. 74 
STtAU. 
COBIA. OASMAASTH. 
KfGATTA. Compare OUI ultra luxu nous most complete in history BA­ 
SO ABO or out Our plush or pkwt still 1ooS MANOLA TOF hborakns 
(NOT ors* ounce chapped g n u ) 
I but the competition says net avodabit now. let s lake him Id nearest factory; we ll win that bat 
$$. lf you can t afford quality gloss, buy aluminum 
* Sat T H 21ft NOW; order T I 
24ft COBH for March 72nd deli very or U Y AWAY gen winter $$ 
* Used: $59$ $59oo BA 
BARBERA SPORTS 
373 troodway at 4th FARK H R 
5o manna yean in SJL 227-2112 
9-6 p m Than Hit* 9 p m dosed Sat 

• r i f f Beat Trader 
• H R Acce*series a H R Bemete Centrals 
Pki\ SOY# Hwr dr#ds of Doctors rspw of 
RANDOL MARINI 
76 AAWW! O ommm* 

X A N O O l^ M A k W - £•'!, m c , iokftoOfT cMtbocjf db *Hc*n ortyom rn 
So* Art9o<»«o Of ufo 
RANDOL MAR'N I *$ * • ani} john MKI ex>ft»oocd (tai'#* tho* ti 
AAA rn rn 

AAA SfUVICI ond rn i sat iotas 
Vbu Con f U a « tS* |« *tt 
$G 9#* Vhto* dwell JOKI COT) Fh#ft 
—QI t x MOOI M A * IMI md U M 
©n boon ~*>*om end *ra,te»» 
We buy and Sell UmC 
I m ( i M .HK1 T,aliet* 
Se. Ow) * Gerwkl* 
SHOP tA MOOI 
Yew va Tyred me te rr 
New Try me BIST!!! 

SUPER 
{IDEALS!! 
REPO: 
12 *6o , 2 bedrooms. $585 9Q'7'tY> 
(mum* payments $118 month 
REPO: 
17 x6o , 3 bedrooms, front kit­ chen $65o equity, assume pay­ ments $13o month 
REPO: 
14164. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths 
$69$ equity, assume poyments 
$14o month 
REPO: 
14 x7o', 3 bedrooms, 2 baths 
$895 equity, assume payments 
$178 month 

; 
- A M E R I C A N 
I 

; > 
MOBILE 
; 
& M O D U L A R i 

K 
; 
3 o o 4 s . w 
; 

; 
M IL IT A R Y D R 
J 

‘J 
* S A N A N T O N IO 
J 

; 
922-18oo 

' 
★ R IG H T A C R O SS J 

; 
F R O M C H U R C H S 
; 

FR IED C H IC K E N ! ★ ; 

W A N T E D ! Used M obile H om es. 
CASH ond F A S T S E R V IC E 
C A L L : M R . M IL E S , 924-4131 

W E T A K E T R A D E IN S , W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X 
_______ 9 J ± 4 2 7 i 
1973. 12x65 
2 b e d ro o m , I b a th . 
C e n tr a l h e o t, a ir . A p p lia n c e s . 
M ake ofter S73-4o89 

12 X6o', 2-bedroom s. C en tro ! a ir , heat 
Assume p a y m e n t* $127,7o. 
691-1428 
_________________ _ 
14X75 P A T R IO T , L a te ‘73 2 b e ­ droom , c e n tra l a ir, heot. P o rtly fu rn n h ed , $875o. e ll 59o9_________ 

812 • t o t e Home Spaces 

A d u lt a n d F o rn ily section, c lu b haute w ith sw im m ing pool P av e d s tr e e t* , u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la r g e lo t* , no p e t* , b e s t m o in - taintd park In tow n, on S E . M ili- trov O r w est of IH 37, o c ro ** fro m 
B rook* Field. Indian H A I* M obile 
Hom e P o rk. 333-o83o_________ _ 

CANYON LAKE 
E x t r a ta r g e m o b ile h o m e ta t. 
$1475, $75 d o w n . 84 m o n th * a t 
821 83 A P R BN 
Coll A Jones, 126 13o3 

I! FREE!! 
E v e r y o th e r m o n th fr e e to r I whole y e a r. B u c k in g h am V illo g g 
M obile H om e P o rk 458 2811______ 
LO T FO R 5$' M H $6o M O 
LO U -N O R M obile H om e P a rk 
261$ C astroville Rd 633-2o64 

M A R C H Special Lot rent 
>1 P R IC E til 1978 
P L A C ID M obile P o rk , 454 oo27 
N E , S h a d y A c r e * T r a il e r P k . fenced, stare roam , tre e *. $3/ SO. 

9o1-B B B B B untal*'' 

MOBILE HOM! 
■SERVICE 

 i t M - U V H J N O 
• K O O P C O U T IN O 
★ B d U M 
N a 
SOUTHPORT 
M O U L E KOMES 

Tens U N M Surplus 
B o a f s - m o t o r s - t r a if e r s 
$o35 R o o s e v e lt 
_________ O P E N to to sam _________ 

Two 22 lane pontoon*, woad con 
•tr a c tio n , m a d e fo r d e c k b o o l. p ro te c t not c o m p le te d $15o in ­ cludes p lan * and h a rd w a re . 
613-1*46 

W hite 1947 IS *1 ti T e x o * B oat, 
4ohp E v in ru d e M o to r, F u ll T ilt tra ile r $5oo 344-3o51_____________ 

WITTICH 
, 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

N ew Beek I n a ................ 2 * 9 
New (Bet fraei-........... W* 
* * _ , ii-Si n m m 
RlKR mww twWmm n m im Rpm# 

New E m d ra b * trews $ * 9 J o 

 aa 
* fmiiLitiLiiriM 

126 te e A m Street rn 

• 
Bf 18 et Celebre, 7 H -1 5 9 B 

W ight P ette r 14 ti Soil Boot, sleeps 
2 in cabin. 4 ta il* , co m p lete r ig ­ ging, cushion*, lig h t*, a ll equip and tra ile r SI SOO 496-4823 
8o6 SPoBTIN6 BOOBS 

N F ro m # S and W 45 A CP double action Sale or T ro d e 494 1581 
We pay cash ta r r ifie t, shotgun*. 

 m m i fishing 

45 F ord pickup N ew pain t, tire * 
Radio, h e ater. D ia m o n d tucked 

72 H O N D A 5oo 4 H e ad ers , fa ir- 
L a ke * mg, excellent cand $875 49o-o)2o 

‘76 H ondam atiC 758 
42oo m ile * f 14/5 I 772-3o73 Otter 6 a rn______ 

75 F O R O P IC K U P d a r d 
E x c e lle n t 
»* ten, *ta n - c o n d itio n ! 

52 F O R D P ic k u p 
E xc e tte n t can- bitten $988 686-7731_____________ 
41 F o rd pickup R e al cleon. new eng . $ new m a g *, t ir e * 
$12oo 
Robert 654-1382__________________ 
74 F o r d p ic k u p w ith c a m p e r shell Auto , coli est se*)________ 

49 F O R D R A N C H E R O . V 8, 
4-speed SI IS# 927 3538___________ 
75 FO R O R A N G E R X L T 
Assum e g a rm e n t*. 924 567* 

48 FO R O R A N G E R w ith c o m p e l. 
COM J81J9JI_________________ 
'78 F o ra R a n g e r pickup, 
LW B , $13oo 47 1 2415______________ 
1975 F o r d R a n g e r, a ir . p o w e r s te e rin g b ra k e s 
4 sp ee d , n ew tires, ra d io 
1-379-4414 
Seguin I 
A tter 7: 
__________________ _ 

74 V e n tu r a 
I ta d tires, A M F M , clean 
434 1532 

 s tic k , new 
222-1323 ar 

72 Olds cond SIO 
F u lly loodeu 
)o 33/ 7542 oft* 

71 O LO S 88 
L IK E N E W ! 344 i i 
74 O ld* 98 lu x u ry Coupe W hile un w h ile , e x c e lle n t c o n d 
O w n e r j 
Asking 8393o *55 921/ 
............... 
71 O L D S M O B IL E W u g u fl fu ll pow er 
M u s t S ell* W ill fin a n c e 
Call Woody 433 ieee______________ 
Al O ld s m o b ile 4 d e a r h a rd to p 
L ogged $483 best otter *$ * 'o*o 
•7$ OLOS O M E G A H A T C H b AC A a ir a a w e r, a u to m a tic 
A ssu m e paym ents, and sm all ba la n c e /Ai 
Bennett 223 o986 
________ 
" i’h i n i-m s i* t o t o n l l 325 1 *6 6 n e t t s * ANO M W * 

743 MISCttWKOUS JUMPS 

T R A D E w i n d s A u to S a te s 
• W E F I N A N C E : * 
3oo3 SW M iL IT A B Y 
912 3/83 
W E B U Y S E L L 
U S E D CARS A N D T R U C K S 
K IN N E Y MOTORS 
392S B R O A D W A Y 
BIB 8113 

746 * TRUCKS I CQJRMtRClAl 

IRAiltRS BUSLS 

A D A M S T R U C K CO 
N E W ana U S E D 
T R U C K P A R T S 
1o14 R O O S E V E L T 
333 31o1 

A LA M O W H IT E TR U C K S 
814 P M O B A N O T 
224 2131 

■7o F o rd ' Hen, new paint, goad engine a n e tires, W R W O j com per *88-33o1, 
I 
CLE AN TR U C K S , St ‘7o 
C A S E Y $ A U T O S A LE S 
3312 C O M M E R C IA L 
?72 4442 
‘72 Datsun pickup SHOO or otter. 
Jet r y : 673-86*3. 22o 27o8_________ 

72 O a ts u n p ic k u p , V e r y g o a d cone Aran. } I JVS 933- 
1 1 > )))D »1 
71 D a is u n p ic k u p 
C le o n , ru n s g o o d i 13SO 
A lt e r 
S IO c e il 
Ldvornta I 779-4872_______________ i i D odge A d v e n tu re r 
L W B 
' > I ran Club Cab pickup Lea de a, ex liq cleon S it 3o 333 337o_________ 
74 D O D G E CLA SSIC V A N . 8 o6o m ile s W a r r a n ty 
L e a d e d !! A * 
I s u m o p a y m e n ts , a n d $ 4 ,o o o 
(.alunite M r dennctt 2?) l*»B6____ 
74 D O D G E C L U B CAB lo a d e d " 
) L a w p a y m e n ts 
A s s u m e la w butane* 
Cull 
Run 
Weeds. 
232-o986 
< -73 D O D G E 
C lue Cab 
I o w n e r. 
29,ooo m fle t. m a n y e xtra s , cavar utters tro d e*. 339oo * 33-5328 

I ‘47 Dodge flatbed dum p E xc e lle n t condition! 
W orking 
$2258 
4 I A I 943 _______ ___ 

1971 HODGE MAXI VAN 
T ra d e s m a n 3oo a u to m a tic . V I 
E x lr e clean O v e rh e a d lu g g a g e 
: e a r n e r t o t a l ta r c o m m e r c ia l delivery Low m iles 
,. 
*2v#9 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M b S 
FO R D S O U T H S ID E 
ISO) S W M ilita ry 132 6 )1 / 

76 D O D G E 
M E R R Y M IL E R 
V an convection O nly 4,6o6 m ile * 
Y og need to ga? Sa do l l C o li 
B O N , 331-8986 
197$ D o d g e p ic k u p ta n g w id e 
C a m p e r 
L ik e new , o n * a w n e r. 
M ony e xtra s ! 826 9565. *93 883* 

69 F o rd R anger V I Stand , d riv e , LW B , e x tro Clean cash. 914 5488______________ 

 a v e r 
BISSO 

I ‘76 H ondom atic 7So, Leaded $2o5o 
! *35 3 3 6 )__________________________ 
H O N D A O F SAN A N T O N IO 
57oo M O B U O 
884-36o1 I 
1947 H O N D A 
3o5 S C R A M B L E R 
R U N S G O D O 
CLASSIC B IK E . USO l l * 3554 
-73 H O N D A S L IOO G ood cond) flan CBM otter 5 OO pm . 337 5o/1 

‘74 Honda 75o super sport clean, ru n s pood, in c lu d e s 2 h e lm e ts 
$14oo otter SP rn 333 *44o 333 3179 

• I * Hondo 75o S u p *r S port 
29oo m r, lust like n e w 1 Cast $24o1. sell ta r $175o 733-838$, 8 ta 3 _________ 
•74 Honda 75o Super S port 4oo m i 
899 3313 8 6 8 -D O 
JOE H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
Soles S ervice P orts 
3681 B R O A D W A Y 
134 9494 
■74 K A W A S A K I 9OoCC 
W m d ia m m er and m ore N ice touring bike 
M U S T S E L L T H IS W E E K I Steve 
I o881881 
73 K a w o l I k T m 
H m iles $4oo 927 2474 

 l l A R R O W III 
CPW P ra n k Adorns, 438-o22o 

I ‘ 38 C-173 TY 29Xo 
IOO S C M O H 
M K 1 2 A . C B , new tire s , a n n u a l 
488>o 49A3734 

F R A N K B H A L L ES C O 
L A R G E S T 
A V IA T IO N 
IN S U R A N C E 
B roker O tters M ast 
C om petitive P ric e s Si2 /to i t o i 
| 

‘74 S E N E C A ll. 36o T V ta ll k in g 
IP R includes HN6S, O M E , M SO 
I 3*o s la v ed H S I, A n im a lic I I I C, 
I a u to p ilo t e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
P riced to sen Contact 
Ran M u * 
I tam , N A Y A K A V IA T IO N , San An 
Ionia in te rn atio n al 
Ai ro a n 
413-116-7511 
W H Y NOT order o New 
P IP E R to your own 
S pecification* 
F ra n k 
A dam s, , 
* 4 IC iio 

18o! •C8MPF8SI HAID BS 

An sr i earn )o a i condition, $4/4o 
I 1-337-6883 K e rrv ille 
A L A S K A N C o h e re r c a m p e r IO', sleeps 4, gas alec re ft <g , gas stave, to w e r* tar tio v e i 684 -4/o) j 197* A P A C H E T E N T C A M P E R 
CBR: <34-8*86. 
A R IS T O C R A T T ra v e l T ro lle r* 
The choice ut the quality b u yer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
7271 A U S T IN H W Y 
*55 o251 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o2 N W LOOP 41o 
___________ 736-3131______________ 
74 Boughom M in i M o to r H o m e 
2o', roof a ir, full bath 
L ik e new 
$9ooo 432 3336 otter 6.____________ 
1973. 35‘ Coachm en m otor hom e 
A ir paw er ptant N ew tir e * Low m ile * Clean *k« o«23, 93* 8336 

CMC Motor Home Rental 
D aily and W eekly R a te * 
P H O N E __________________ 6*1 7313 ' 
L ate 197$ A m e rig o M otor H a m *, 
I/O ) nu loaded perfect. 6 5 » /*» 2 
L u x u ry M o to r H o m e, e x c e lle n t. 
74. Vogobond 14 ft * * it contoined a ir. g enerator. 
D e e p * 
I . 
1 773 3467 
| 
Low 

B oiboa 2o S ailb o a t w ith 
Bow pulpit, cabin top h a n d ra il*, depth *o u n d *r, d e lu x e in te r io r, , m a t t e a r n e r * . G e n o a t h e e ! w in c h **, e le c tric a l * v * t * m . te ll contained head o u tb o ard m otor bracket, boom vans. anchor w ith rode, E v in ru d e 4H P m otor w ith lank. S aturn c om po**. »oil»- m om w o rkin g Ab. 15o% G en o a *to rm 
HO, ta il a nd tille r c o v e r t, $$2oo 
349 33o1 ar 69o /IS I_______________ 

3o C h ritC ra ft w ith tro tte r, $19oo, ar b a tt otter N eed * re p a ir. Doy. 
641oo23, n it*. 136-9127 

75 Cobra 7oft Center consute buat, 
135 hp O B. tre n t c o n v a * c o v e r, oaiv tra ile r, excel cond *54-o834. 
237-3187 

DON S MABINE 
3931 R a atey e tt, t i * 1356 

7* E b b tid e h ig h p e r fo r m a n c e b a s * b o o l. c o m p le te ly le a d e d , 
443oo otter 7 473 2891 

L u x u ry M otor H o m e * R ent 
R a te * *48 766L 634 7119__________ 
M O TO R H O M E L E A S E C L U B 
L im ite d M e m b e r s h ip , up to 5 w e e k s u s * p e r y e a r 
$125 p e r 
, 
. txx eexn week 
27 
L u x u ry M otor H o m e ,. p,,,ntY 
} * * 
*22 o85*______________________________ "■ r 

 to 
F IB E R G L A S S . Ai H P m otor, cunoov E xcellent condition Skis. 

3 c y l-. low 

‘71 F o rd stop .id * pickup. SWB A, stan d ard $1395 4*4 6439__________ 
~71 F O R D ’ iT o n P ic k u p 
S p o rt 
Custom, 3o2 V I. S ta n fo ld cam p e r 
$ 1995, Must se* to a p p rec iate, w ill tp k * tro d e ess-387/ 
74 F o rd fla n p ick up 
A u to . a ir, aux fuel lu n k s , c o m p a r c o v e r. 
883— 868-1186 
75 F O R D to ten R unner A L I , V I, auto a ir, tew m i 
$3*58- coli Jim , 
661-43)1 
74 F O R O to Io n , 4 - t p t t # . V I. 
IT88o Cod Jim , 641 45)1 
72 F O R D to ten, e l 
. J ‘ PC— .8 1 8 — l o" 44 1 4511 
FO R D *9 T W IN SCRE W 
With D e h a rt 471 a n a m *. IO speed tro n s m is s ra n 655-2181 ■ 631 *738 

77 FORO VAN 

1974 
K A W A S A K I 
96o 
G o a d c o n d itra n 824 4o1* utter $ p m 
75 
KAW 
K I XCO, 
4oo6 m iles 
S7S8-673-23S3_____________________ 
SAN A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A LE S 
K A W A S A K I S ale*. S ervice, P u rls 
113 N A K O to A____________ 494 $234 

 l l S u ltik i 36o 
G ood co n d itio n 
535o Chil 
>7* 37o/_______________ 

74 S u iu ki 3u6 Low m iles, e x c e l­ lent cand $7oo 1-772 3653 o n e r $, git day wk rude 

 nit SIDE DOOR 
U $ *d M ondo p o rts ta tit a lm o s t 
; any H onda m a d e ' M a n y 75o and 
G L p a rts W heels, T a n ks , S eals, 
D is c B r a k e I r a n i a n a t 
$714 
M O B U O . (C e rn e r L e e a 416 a nd 
B an— r f ) 6*6 4 7 *9 _______________ 

17 TRIUMPH 734 6114 

AVION 
T ra ve l T ra iie rs -M a te r H om es 
TRAVftER’S WORLD 
2417 ROD? E V E L Y i i i 4o41 
C LO SE O U T S A LE 
1*7* 
C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K C 
T R A IL E R 
>194 up 
7)o W E S T 
A VE 
713 3931 

7o C oachm an c a b e v tr, ,e n can- tam ed, sleep* * a tte r A Bb6-3888 

‘l l O udge M a x i v a n 
I ton, 111 engine, auca condition, 
$275o 
SIA 8938 ______' 
H A R P E R M O TO R CO 
(.A M P E R S A N D 
S A LE S and S E R V IC E tar 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W T ra ve l T r a ile r* and 
STH Arnee to 
26o1 $ W M ilita ry 974 SSI* 
M r* 
M on F r i *-*, Sun t 3o 4 

 fan. s ta n d a rd , m ust 
WAI finance Call Dick 
D O D G E sell today 
43i 14*8___________ tx e e is s a n d M w * 

 tv b u T frames. 34* *« — 
I t T R IU M P H 7SUCC, 5 spa Iren s 
Goad condition $8— A tter 5 and we— ends 34 3 3 4*7 
19*72 F O R D V A N 
E x tr a c le a n (I 
XJ6 9S65. *93 1o56 
‘74 F O R O VAN. 
G ood tim * M a chine '! 17.u— m ile s S6468 
Fin 
‘71 T R IU M P H 7— CC 
T R ID E N T $795 456 J798 once no problem C all M r B ennett 
272 — 86 
75 Ti lom pn T rid en t 
Flee start adult ow ner 
25— m ile s to rnos 
Old 
A v g r e t d .! 6 1 * 6 * . M IN E 
• to— : 438 *? $ ) a tte r x 
W an ted 
IS dr 
/ * B M W , B 9o 4 
B lic k sm all to n * I l i - l l l S 

71 F O R O V an. 17-passenger au ta n ta lic , a ir. m ust sell 
W AI tm a n c* COH teooUy 888-18— 

I t F a r# V an V B a u te , lo tto !* , bed c a rp e te d , p a n e le d 
S te reo 
622— 4*6 /6o3 
Y a m a h a 186 M X 
P o r te d a n d bensh— excettent cand — 6-376/ 

78 F o r d V a n 
VB, a u te a i r , cam per ta u ip n e a plush 4*4 IS H 

*78 G M C H D 11 tan Lud o — , ex cedent canditiun. e x tra tanks rn voluted com par shell 
Celt 
1768— 3 

H O ■ HUANTE!) A M U S , TRUCKS 

TRAILERS. M T M C Y C U S 

Buy J u n k C a r s i r o n Etc 
A d re t 921 3 )1 1 -*)) JOJO 
74 G M C H IG H S IE R R A 
Loaded only 8164— 
31* W EST A V 
7)6-8)21 
Cash ta r clean c ars a n d (rucks 
L a rry Cannon A u la Sotos 
34)6 San P edro 
121 *355 
■73 GM C S ie rra G ra n d e loaded. 
Camper shell, 498-2286 

74 G M C S IE R R A , tab— 4 
Clean below beak i i i 4442 
*21 4472 
CASH FO R JU N K C A R ! 

H E IM E R C A M P E R SA LE S 
San Antonio » E xclusive 
C O A C H M E N OE AL E R *34 8)34 
T e n t T r a il e r * T r a v e l T r a ile r s 
T r a c k 
C a m g e r s M in i 
M o to r 
H om e* STK wheal T i a d a r* 
3329 S W M ilita ry W al S em qrcet 
H a b it to C a ta m a ra n w ife tra ile r 
5195o I 823 783' I *35 37*8 
_____ 
‘72 n fie p ia T r a v t l f r o n t ) 
IO londsm wh eel I I *8-47 J r 
__ 
2k M O N IT O R , leuaed wrin e x tia s , 
■ c ad y to go t r a v e l * ! * W e n d 
SiMtoe xx 2*17 Rou s *vet* 
__ 
N e w P ic k u p S h ell c a m p e r a n d to tte r y c am p in g p a c k a g e 
$495. 
Coli 1 7 $ ) k>84 
_____________ 
74 N O M A D . 21 $ Sell tu n ra «>ed 
F a ll b a th . a w n in g a ir . U s e d J tim e * 714 8 7 2 3 , 7)2 8/49 
___ 

SI 88 
*83 o8*3 
75 P R O W L E R l l i 
S T A H M A N N I R A IL E H S A LE S 
IM to. 3 m i north ut Boerne 
R T I BOX >27. S A phone 274 7*2* 
O P E N S U N D A Y 

M atornom e R ental 
S leep* 4 114o week ♦ toe m ite 633 33S3________ 

M O I OR H O M E R E N T A L S 
Fully self contained 
R u t** by agy or week 433-61oo_____________________ 
1*77 73 Muter H a m * steeps 5 $21 day 
17 m i S p*cm l consideration given ta c e rta in c irc u m s ta n c e s 
R eserv re g 65$-— *6 
I 

M ust veil 
73 m o lar hem e, lauded taw m i sleeps 8 333 IH T _________ 

2o 
O P E N RO A O M o to r H o m e . low m i new tires, e x tra m c *. Best after 735-o773____________________ 
O P E N R O A D M e te r H o m e w ith 
‘69 F o rd I ton chassis G oad can * aitio n, new tire s $48oo 
11) oo11 
I ' e m 3 3pm 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T * R 
E re la tiv e D ealer lor 
C ham pian. 
T ita n . L ife tim e M o to r H u m * * , 
M ini M otet Hom es 
32/1 A U S T IN H W Y 
*33 o331 

RV StRVICt 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
1)o4 Austin H w i 
1/4 i tov 

72 SHASTA M in i M otor H u m * 
$ I A H M A N N I R A IL E R SAI ES 
IM IO, I m i N orth at l e a r n t 
R I 7 BOA 127 S A P halve 174 2424 
OP E N S U N D A Y l l $ P M 
2o‘ T IT A N M e te r h a m * bv Chum pion 
All Sippi capa constr action 
Fully coiflotnad. has a v a rv ih m g ) , 
6 m a * oid, still in w a rra n ty Cast at l l * , tau, i t l l t i l , OOO 
M ile a g e 
T289 Sailing an account at spinal a rth ritis 6 9M 87S 
I 
W ant To Buy M u ter H a m * 
Any 
Mofca 
Any 
M u d *! 
SSO 7*41, 
636 711* 

I * 
F ib e rg la s s Bass boat, 2o hp 
Johnson, g o iv a m /a d D illy tra ito r, exceilant SUSQ 333 o533_________ 
1799 Tiber gloss boat and tra ito r, w id a a n d d c a p 
7Shg J o h n so n , ii 158 OII o7— 
74 1771 
-JVIoko A n g le r ! I1S H P 
Johnson O B tra ilin g m a la r and 
Duty custom tra ito r Loaded with e x tra s 
E x c e lle n t c an d t i l t # 
D ays 227 2335 E ves 344 *433 
1499 M F G Bass Rig 75 m ad 
7ohp 
M e r e , 
M o to r a u ld * t r a i l e r , tra ito r i t 1*5 M a n y e th e r p re awned rigs a va ila b le 
_____________ M I - 6 8 2 8____________ l f G ia tt r o n in b o a r d o u tb o a rd bool w ith ski accessories, n o n e 
V U leo engine 49* 23)3____________ 

?4 H ig g s t o n 
I7H T r i V H u ll. 
I$ h p w a lk ta io u g n w in d s h ie ld nylon c a rp a l, targe Blitev rra ile i, s p e e d o m e te r 
B a a l o n d M a te r 
C a v *' Pius e xtra s L e av in g Town 
Must sell l l 
M olar 
H rs 
U S M 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
2171 Au U rn H w y 

8o4 BOATS U M P S 
__ 

I}* A lum inum Beat 4' I ha m ater 
Goad shope 
$3oo 
233 2 **3 . 
833 *337 
A lu m in u m to' Jon B oat cor pet and seats p o -le c t to r pond lion m y 373 43) 3 ***__________________ 
I i 
A i k p n s a > T r a v e l e r , )5 h p 
C e r a t e d * a n d T r a i l e r 
31oo 
6*4 793o a >k tor L a rry _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I t A r r o w le s s C heetal) l> *» IT 
T r i H u ll 
W e ts T h ro u g h W in d s h e ila i* $ n p M e r c r u is e r S te rn 
D riv e 
I O P ow er T rim Tgndurn 
Dilley O liv e On Trailer S ki*. L it* j a c k e t * 
E x c e lle n t C d h ilitio n 
83888, 858-4179 
71 A RR O W GLASS 21 ti deed V. tw in I* h p Mere , tandem Dfltev trg fler t),)9 3 *3 * 74*o________ 

ON A W A N! AO 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake M cQ ueeney 512 557 *673 
Open E v t i y do f e x t eel M ond ay 
M P d o s s B o a t 1 )5 J o h n s o n 
Heady lo Fish eve 8 5 )) att * 

77 IN V A D E R Jal B eat 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L B ! 
IN to. 3 M i north at Boerne 
R T 
J 
BO X 
117. 
S A . 
Phone, 
134 242* 
O P E N S U N D A Y I I I P M 

U 
L a o a r S a ilb o a t w ith tr a ile r , 
5958 COM 1— 4788________________ 
38' L u g a r C abin C ru is er 
A p a r t las*, in b '.iitd , oui b o u l d like new wild 17 h r * S U — 53* 8*56 

P M R IG 
V I M G la s tr a m B e w ild e r S h o r­ eline G al v a n n e d T r a ile r 
$1568 
With 
Sa hp 
E vin ru d * 
$26— 
*98 913/ 

1974 R IG 
V 156 G ta s trg m B e w ild e r s u er 
! e lm * G a i.o n ,re d T r a ile r l l s — 
W ith 
38 hg 
E vin ru d e 
53566 
6* 8-9337___________ 
BO C K B O T T O M P R IC E S en In yagers ana D e c k B e a t* johnson a n a M e rc u ry * S erv ice a nd star a te at the Lake R A V s M A R IN E 
C a n y o n L a k e 
H w y 2873 n e a r 
Starer villa, I 6*9 i n * __________ __ 
S ail B o a t l i f t T n m o r a n 
W ith 
Trader Atom M ast. M a ra Sail uh 
3558 481 11*) 
Sanborn* 
Comtes larg e seine flan 
N E W S eiiboal Shop Austin 
•o 4 H ighland M a li B lvd 434 7)71 

SP YOE*H 
B ast Buat D em o n strato rs 
N ew m aters, tra ile rs 1219$ se to R andolph B lvd 
* $ * 6186 
D IS C O U N T BO AT S A LE S 

22 a e r # * h u n tin g c o u n try 
SS4S | down paym ent, $84 97 p e r m o Big deer, tu rk e y , J o v e lln a On fence line et larg e ra n ch . F in a n ce d by owner 734-9363____________________ I 
A m e ric a n S p o rts m an Club m e m ­ bership U n lim ite d hu n tin g , fish- m g, term ly sports $635 Sell ta r j 
SS— 6*6-— >5 B e e t 

H IL L C O U N TR Y 
D E E R H U N T IN G 
$37$ P E R B U C K 
T B T R A N C H 
(5 ll)3 * 7 -$ ok9 4 8 P M 

1*7o Intornatranol P ickup. 4 w heel d rive $756 I 786 3696 o ft 4________ j 
73 J E E P W a g o n e er S p o rtsm an s co r. Q u a d r a t ic , law r a n g * , go anyw here m com fort o ir. p a w e r, erra ta , leaded 833-9614___________ 
M a r lin 38'36 le v e r a c tio n w ith 
Ntkko scape, exc elle n t cand SUO 
For inter COH 349 86*4___________ 

S paciol b a flt dung b a g g y . 54*5 
336-8331, 838-5913_________________ 
W ent to L e a s * L a n d W ith Stocked 
Fishing Tanks 
P ra te r N o rth east 

81o- MOR U HOMES SALE 

A O D A R O O M . C u s to m B u ilt. 
Sue. D e liv e ry T e rm s, 9 3 )4 )4 4 

1 *7) A lo m a 14x75 
3 b ed ro o m 
7 bath 33) 8934 o tter 4 p m ________ 

A ll N E W G u e rd o n N a m e s h a v e w o o d b u rn ra a A r e o la e # * " S ave 
85% an your taal heating bill 
All sues 
B U C K IN G H A M 
H om es j 6*8 3811 
ALMOST AN ACRE 
H ill Country M obile H om e site, is ; m in 
N o rth an San P e d ro 
O nly 
S H B * , $ 1 8 * d a w n . $71 4 * p e r ; m o nth . a t 8 % to r 144 m onths 
T h is a n a w e n t lo s t lo n g 
C a ll to d o v ' 4 *4 3419, 34} l i e * 
L A 
K tC R O F T R E A L E S T A T E 
A m erican M obile A M odu lar 
H O M E S IN SAN A N T O N IO Inc 
1 933-7191 
913-8881 
74 B a ir m e 'o n 14 b y * * u n tu r nished J be d 'o e m I b a in AAI U95 
1 b r d io e m s . I i b a th s , 17x45 
H A L L M A R K l l liv in g ro o m , 
6*6— 65) 1 1 1 ) ________________ 
2 BL G R u O M U ntarnished 649*5 
R E D R IV E N M o b il* Hom es 
855-675) b e ry l s Moon# H a m * C enter 
N E W and U S E O 661 6**1 
IWM J im 1$ N O R T H (S e lm a E x it) 

1*74 BoniHivilto db! wide 34 x 68 I br , 7 b a th 
P a r t ia l ta r n is h e d c e n t r a l h e a t, a ir 
A s s u m e paym ents, m oving, closing cost* 
A ttar M w 
I 538-1994 

78 Brookw ood 1 1 x 4 8 ' 
I o w n e r. c e n t r e ! h e a t a ir , s k ir t in g 
2 od m s I both 543— 49* 13*6 
B uy th is m o r n in g , m a y * y o u r m obile an this afte rn o o n 
L a rg e 
H ill C o u n tr y s ite , 15 m in 
N 
P a y m e n ts lass th a n r e n tin g in b a rk 
L A K B C B O F T R E A L KS 
TA TE o9* K i t er 343 to— 

BV O W N E R 
73 A S TR O . 76x14 to be m oved 
3 baths 
3 bedroom s o m it,n» 
( a n t r a l a ir . fir e p la c e , 
I s m a ll g a d fly , a s s u m e t a b t r a c t i 

B eer box, cash reg ister, re fria a r- a t a r , a s s o r te d lig h t f ix t u r e s , w ater coaler, la v a to ry , com m ode 
456-6525 657 I t — ________________ 

C hairs. Tables, (convokers 
R e frig , O vens, M ix e rs , E tc . 
U S E D A N D N E W . 7 ))-t2 9 2 

I C L O S E D 
B E A U T Y 
S H O P : 
I D r y e r s , 
C o m p le te 
S ta tio n s . 
Shampoo Baw ls. S ham poo C h a ir, o th e r M isc. 494-1913 633-91S5 
C o k e 
M a c h in a 
$ 8 o o . 
T o m s 
M achine MSO C ig a rette M a c h in a 
61— 
Coll 
696-4727 a fte r 
S p m weak doy*.__________________ __ 
8o 
C o lu m n 
K e y p u n c h , r e ­ produces. in te rp rets, and v aritie s, brand new, 553— 694-4741 

C om plete groups of ottrco tu rm - tura COH 8-4, 226-6744____________ 
E le c tric R e m in g to n ty p e w r ite r , le g a l s l i t , $276. M a n u o l U n d e r- wood, tetter sue. 646 7)1 8327 
F a cto ry Second 12x32 P o rt O ffice 
Bldg te rm s t r e e — I 463-8111 

For A L L N E W and U S E D K itchen 
E q u ip m en t and Supplies S a t 
Levinson R e stau ra n t Supply Co 
)9— San P ad re___________733-6931 

F O R S A L E 
In d u s tr ia l G r a d e 
M a to l S helving. V a rio u s L e n g th and W idths, C all 226-4141 t x t . 41 
Betw een 8 M o m ond 4 36pm 

F a r Sate 
Linotype M odal L w ith one m ag and 4 p l. type m ats, in 
' g o a d c o n d itio n 
6175 OO 
C a ll 
! 334 3925, P e a rs a ll, Taxos_________ 

FO R S A LE 
4* to94' Boat S haped 
C onference Table 818-6— 1 
3o t i F o b i# x m o b il* p la t fo r m 
715-9137, 8 36 till 5 16_____________ l i f t P ro d u c e d e p lo y cas a, g a r ­ m ent racks, gondolas, tablas etc. 
Po-ca 67) 1573 633-6— 6 
H O T P O T 
R oofer to p o rta b le 2o6 pollan tutiia G ao d ca n d flw n . 8S8S. 
676-— 38 
)- IB M E le c t r ic T y p e w r i t e r * . 
M edal D. S 3 S b M » 317 1*43 

IB M E x e c u tiv e . IS " c a r n a l * com plete w ith gland $395 *58 7 H 3 

• LEASING 
S peciaiinng in Bu$m e$$ and Prote$$tonal E q u ip m en t 
Soya Tax C onserve C apitol 
GUNN FOSTER. INC 
3— 3 B r— a w a y 
137 OI 
I M C oovm ite, perfect condition. 
Sm all am ount of supplies, $99 6o 
11)1 B o m # B d . 733-7567 734 J— I 
I M m ic ro fic h e r e a d e r p r in te r , o v e rh e a d p ro te c to rs , tra n s p o r t 
O nley c a r tr id g e p r g ie c te r a n d cedr m achine Sane vrdeocorder 
IB M dictating m achines Concord lo o t c a s s e tte s a n d r e c o r d e r s 
De SXS 
142 W 
Woodlawn a t Sen 
P adre 
R E A C H IN C O O LE R 
58— Coke m ac h in t. *268 Cera A ir H o c k ey table 695 C o m m ercial d ry e r *96 
Con 3 3 *6 — 1 or cam e by 1943 E 
Houston 

16.o86 R E W A R D to r r e tu r n ut 
T y p e S e ttin g . P r in t in g E q u ip ­ m e n t, IB M C o m p o s e r*. F o n t* , 
Etc l l 6— far raterm otian leading ta the a rre s t and conviction G ulf 
Caasi N eao flva S ervice, Houston, 
713-62* 1731 
_______________ b e m a r W arehouse H e a te r, R e i ­ ner 176 6oo B TU output. 115 volts, w ith th * ! m u s te l 
*1 99 56. I I J I t ues# R d - m 
H A I. 734 I8« t 
T y it e w r ilo r . S O M o ff ic e ty p o mudei 4— $124 SO I I H Kosse Rd 
7)3 7387, 734 I — I 
U S E O 
3444 Disk P a c k s $46 e e . 
1)5 — 16 ext 236 D a ta P rocessing 
M e i 
^ 
^ 
_ 
_ 
_ 

9o3 BllilDifcG MATERIALS 

M orion, Tx (1)416 2123 
F u rnished I x 41 s a u ria n tra v e l traitor m eal »)5— Can 313)741, 
1)3 8— 7 
M e a s le * I* X I# 
I b e d ro o m s 
2 both u tility lo o m , L o r e * a r a r a t roam L ike n e w ' — * 3883 

INSTANT CASH 

1)4# it# Hornet t i# 44)4 

JAR MOBILE HOMES 
N tw USOd, l l * — IN JSN 455 o47 

A C M E L U M B E R A S U P P L Y 
' 
I M I Austin SI 
73* 14)7 
U n iv ers al City $58 6)31 
_ 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S h a s E V E R V T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
G O O D U S E D R A IL R O A D T IE S 
D e liv e r e d in S an A n to n io sr te c h * 34 * v )i_______ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

LEPPARD LUM BER* b i Fetd D e ars t I t e m thick 92 ' 
H ipn 616 66. N e w S cre en D o e r * 
612 36 We m an u i a ta m iu m n tem dew Screens 3163 te C o m m e rce 

Tw elfth Page 

SOU • 6UILDINE MftTEBHLS 
9o3 ■ EUIIBIHB MTHIBLS 
9oS - PORTULE BUILDIfllGS 

E x p ress-N ew s— 
M o n d a y , M a rch 7 , 1 9 7 7 
9o9 PAWNBROKERS 

.. J U ft. ray 
$3.99 aa. 
$19.95 ta. 

C & SLUMBER 
COMPANY 
2*4 SN®. 3 T F . . . 794 a®. 
2*4 precut fir 
E94 ta. 
4*8 7/14 8.V. t i . sd a. hardboard . $4.95 n 
12*16' smooth lap sdg.. . . 274 ft. 
12"xl6’ rough textu redcap id). 
4*8 5/32 ntahag wooapawtliww • « 
Carr. wo®........ 
12 Vt go. 2 pf. barb wit® 
$16.95 rod 
12' gal*. stool gat* $27.95 
14’ gat*, st®*! gat® $32.95 
16' gal*. steel gat®. $37.95 
AU TOF 
QUALITY STOCK 
ONE STOP CENTER 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512} 9244556 

Monett Lumber Co 
"Dependoble Since 1935” 
Coll or see us for delivered onces 
(w ithin 6o mi. of S A .) on 
P R E FAB roof trusses, exterior wnll sections, interior partitions, or complete house S H E L L on vour pions or ours 
W HOLESALE 
RETAIL 
4o7 N Zorzamora, 432-7881 

WHOLESALERS 
SALE 

 freight Damage and 
Odd lot Mdse. 

Built-In App.-Kitchen 

Cabiiwts 
Eefrige raters-Ojibwas Her* 

Micro woe® Ovens 

SAVE UP TO 5o% 

1121 L HOUSTON 

(5 bites east of Downtown tost 
Office forking at rtor of bldg.) 

 w w w m m fw m m m w A . 

Portable B u ild in g s Moved bv 
Morgan, Bonded 653-8111 
Save 3o% Morgan Port. Storage 
Terms, Free Del. 732-5171 
Shipping 
D am age 
8*12, 
8*16,Bldg Heavy Duty Floor, Oel. 
924-o32o. 
Slightly Damaged 12x4o Garage 
Heovy 
Duty 
Floor 
Free 
Del.684-1236. 
Special Price 2ox26 Sales Office 
Finished. 
Reduced, 
Free 
Del.923 4346 
12x2o PO R TA BLE BLDG, carpet ed, lots of qloss, air, heat nearly new meets all codes. 
$39oo 
341-23o6 
7x16', 8x12', wood construction, finished interiors. 
Boerne 
1-249 3663. 

9o7 FURNITURE 

ANTI a u f 

ANTIQUE AUCTION 
Sunday, Mar. 6, 1:3o PM 
Gary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. - Coli 398-37o1 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY OO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 v W E B U Y & S E L L 
DIAMONDS 
PLATNINUM 
GOLD 
SILVER 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
J E W E L R Y * F O R IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES ANO ESTATES 
325 ALAM O PLA ZA 
226-1424 

918 COINS I JEWELRY 

 lf you have Antique*, Jew elry 
D iam onds, S te rlin g , G old or 

Individual wants silver coins, In dian head and Wheat pennies 
Express-New s Box 7679, 7897 
Oriental Rugs to sail, you'll get the 
Please give telephone number 
Qncl Drirn lr nm Cai* Antnitin'c " T . "J". r—I. ' 
_ #*■ _ 

ANTIQUES IN BO ERNE 
Short Drive North 
7 friendly shops In our areg 

Best Price from Son Antonio’s 
Finest Shop 
W ANTED: One to a Three Carat 
Diamond aft. 6 684-4181________ 

NEW AND USED LU M B ER , Call 
Harry at 224-6661 or come 2942 E 
Houston 
______________ 

• Hough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
Good Lumber-Good Lengths 
1x8 
" C L F 
2x6 ................................19' ic LF 
2x8 
26c LF 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
226-3141 • 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born Corrug. Iron lengths to 2o........ $24.95 sg. 
1*12 Rough cedor lumber.................... 554 lin. ft. 
Railroad ties 
$4.95 eo. 
Asbestos Siding 
$26.95 sg 
Oak Whiskey borrel $14.95 ea 
24o1b. S/Drfg., colors$13.95 sg. 
IS lb felt, 4-iq. roll.. $6.49 roll 
Insulation 3 "........ 9Vt 4 sg ft. 
Insulation 6 ' .......... 164 sq. ft. 

THI M O N E Y SAVER 
M astert borg* 
BonkAmeruard 
Where Cosh Buys of Wholesale 

9o5 PORTABLE BUIIDW6S 

Back From Rent 1ox12 Field Of­ fice. Terms. Free del. 924-5oo3. 
Factory Seond Port. Bldg Work 
Shop Storage 12x24 12x16 Terms, 
Del. *53-8111,_____________ 

 e 5oo Seguin R d 
Save 3o% Morgan Red Barns, 
Terms Free Delivery 732-5171. 
Used 7x8 Dortoble bldg. Term s, free del 924-3oo3 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8...5295 
8 x 1 o .5 3 9 6 

Other sizes available 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Heavy-Duty Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO Seauin Rd. 
226-3141 

B E A U T I F U L Queen Sue Sofa 
Bed, 2 matching chairs, cocktail table and end tables, 3195. Velvet 
Couch 31oo. Love Seat 375 Chairs 
SSO Assorted Colors. Chrome and 
Glass Tables 313 Each All Wood 
Bedroom Sets, D inettes. Can 
Deliver SMITH CONSTRUCTION 
349-4127. 

Antique Teaster Bed, antique rosewood sofa, Orville Carr sofa, cost 355o, sell 325o 826-56oo 

D IS P L A Y E D But N ever Used 
Complete Houseful Furnitu re. 
Will Trade for Equal Value. All or 
Some. Can Deliver SMITH CON 
STRUCTION. 349-4127. 

BESS' ANTIQUES 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 661-5382 
BUY S ELL APPRAISE 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
PHIL WILLBORN 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
826-2749 36o9 Broadway 735-2414 

DISPLAYED Furniture, Brovhill, 
Lane, Bassett. Serta, Thomasville and Other Name Brands Availa­ ble at SMITH CONSTURUCTION 
Please come make an offer on all of I piece. 349-4127________ 
EA R LY American Bearoom set. 
Includes Triple Dresser, Hutch, 
Mirror, Chest, Night Stand, Bed and Foundation. 3259. Displayed 
Only Can Deliver. SMITH CON­ 
STRUCTION 349 4127 
E X T R A Firm Orthopedic King­ size mattress, 2 Box Springs in 
Foundation, 375. Still in Original 
Package. Other Sties Cost Less 
Can Deliver SMITH CONSTRUC 
TION 349-4127. 

Clilsm Trail Antfques 
Doily I to 5; Closed Monday 
616 S. Seguin St., Converse 

Regency Antiques 192o camera photo fqimp 
Wrs. Brenner, 827-544o, 342-5o7o 
Con nor T X with Lens and o< 
Mahogany 2-door Wardrobe 
Walnut Secretary 
ANTIQUE CO TTAG E, 5o8 Dallas 
Near the Corner Antiques 
Depression glass and Furnltre 
5513 FM 78, 661-3o54 

Connon TX with Lens end acces sones 325o 494 1581.___________ 
35 mm Minolta SRT 1o1, complete with cose, strobe flash, used very little. 32oo. For Infor. coll 349-8644. 

CRADLES 
Grobo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 

CROWN HILL ANTIQUES 
D IJON P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
WAY, 826-1991 Slant Front Am 
Desk, F r . A rm o ire B lan k e t' 
Ches's, Pine Cupboard, Hooded 
Cradles, G ran dfath er C locks, 
Four poster Bed, Fr. Dining Ta­ ble and Chairs, Baskets, Brass and Pewter. Etc. 

New and Old Shop, 3o5 West 
Ashby (Near Sac) 732-8888 Old 
Pine Safe, Tab les, Lo ve se at, 
Trunks. Large Silver Samovar 
E tc________________________ 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
_______22o3 S. Hackberry 
_ 
PHIL MORAN, 734 5668 
APPRAISE B U Y-SELL 
LICENSED EST A TE 
LIQUID ATOR-RE F E R E N C ES 
Q UEEN’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours: 9-5 
TAIL END ANTIQUES 
Square Clawfeet Toble 
HATTIE'S ATTIC in Colonies North Mall 

Sub m in ia tu re , M in olta spy cam ero, with automatic exposure meter full set of lenses, tilter set, and cub® gun $1So total value must sacrifice 38o or reasonable oHer 824-7915 
_________ _ 

972 MUSICAL I8STRIIMENTS 

Before You Buy... 
VISIT DACBERT’S 
SC O U N T W I I K - PRICES S LA SH ED on Plano® - O rg an s - G u ita rs - Drum s 

All Irate Pianos................................................. 2®*'® 
| 
New Kimball Whitey Piano, Req. ta SSM | 
Kimball modal 3oo Organ, Rea.JlAf/. 
“ 
Kimball Gcond Piono, lag. S 
....... 
DACBERT’S mm Ervk 
■ 
MRP 
Pi® •Own poymatu -pm* 
SHOP our Mow Norrttsldo 5tor® and S a va 
5 2 3 5 W A L Z EM R D . - 6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
O ld Southski® B arg ain Store 
1 4 o o N o g o U to * - 2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

AUCTION TONIGHT!! 
9159 $. Presa, Mar. 7 - 7:3o P.M. 
Tenegbt w® have a w ry uke auction for you!" 

STAKTlNG WITH o very good selection of ontique dishes and bric-a- brac. Unusual brass lamps, pointings, bottles, hundreds of tar* dishes, lots of mogoxines. 2o or more bar stools. Silverware. Salad dishes. Chan. Cots, beds, dressers, nightstands, coffee and end tables, couches, choirs, lamps, wicker rocker, glosstop dining table. 
Several nice dining room sets Mantel. Extra dining tables. 2 beautiful antique chino cabinets. Also corner chino. Bugs. Boxes of assorted items. Plus loads and loads coming in too tote to classify. 
U S T R * ! A U C TIO N V IL L A O ! 
o 3 3 - 3 o o o a t o 3 3 - o 3 4 o 
JIM LISTER i.cc.7i.<n 

 c 
D O G S — PETS m mgm 
DCS 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Mote*, femora*, shot*. 342-7o3o 
AA AKC Shill T iu pups, males, females, shots. 433-5o34._____ 

GASLIGHT ANTIQUES 
1525 MC 
CU LLOU GH 
227-48o3 

Karotkins Downtown Thrift 
Basement, New-used furniture 
731 E Commerce, 227-6361 
LACK'S Discount Warehouse 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
943 COLISEUM DR. 
225-7444 
M ED ITER R AN EAN Kingslie Be­ droom Suite. 7 Piece. Can Deilver. 
$175. 
SMITH 
CONSTRUCTION, 
349 4127 

7-piece dinette, $49.95. 5-piece 
Living room, $1o9.95. Assorted chairs, *9.9$ up 
Fawcett Furniture 
Doloroso 
227-6512 

PRICES R ED U C ED ON LA R G E 
STOCK OF ANTIQUES 
Fine Art, Repairs-Approtsols For 
Both Insurance and Estate. 
2716 M CCULLOUGH 
734-3796 

918 COINS 6 JEWELRY 

2.53 ct. Diam ond R ing, pear- shaped, good color, must sell. Mr. 
Borne*, 653-2991. 
Guard Ring Wedding Set, I coral diamond, 34oo. was 3637. 924-3142 

Different Drummer 
Antiques- Accessories-Collectables 
1o2o TOWNSEND. 826-3764 
ALAM O HEIGHTS 
To Sell your Antiques 
ONE AND ALL 
Here's the number for you lo call: 
633-26oo. 633-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM LISTER 

918- COINS & JEWELRY 

Doctor s Investment Group is in­ terested in buying coms, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, et*. Contact Dr. Vogt. 736-2o79. 

o QUALITY ITEMS 

oDISCOUNT PRICES 

o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

Jmjm SP"8 
GET 
THERE 

928 M U M M E MART 
Desks! DOSkS! Desks! 

I 
A CONTRACTOR CLOSING OUT. 
Ladders, tools, counters, shelves, paint and roofing Open March 8 end 
9. 
1927 
W 
Commerce. 
734-4627_____________________ 
AIR 
C O N D IT IO N E R : 1o,ooo 
BTU,11o Volt. High efficiency, window mount 
H I 7o' I' .Wdth. 14' i ".Si2o 674 9421 
A ir conditioner, Coldspot, 16.5oo 
BTU 656-6328_______________ 
A LL MUST G O !! Bassett Dining 
Bm Set, Like New 5275. Oak Be 
Broom Set Complt *89, 7 Drawer 
Desk. 339, Stove 365. Hide-a-Bed. 
Twin Bed, Chest*. Much More 
17o5 West Ave. 732-6595 18-*pm 
Antique grandfather clock and 3 
Blas* show cases, see: 
254 
Meadow Glade. Lackland area, 
*75-1739_____________________ 

A p pliances and bike. E X C E L ­ 
L E N T CONDITION Coidsoot re­ frigerator, white 16 cu It., frost- less, bottom fre tte r, lcem aker 
SUO Kenmore coppertone dish­ washer, 5 cycle, portable conver­ table Used app 
IO times 3165. 
I Bicycle- Men s 26", 34o 344 998o 

Oak, Walnut, Metal. Executive, 
Secretary, Student - lorge selec­ tion. 369 5o and up. Also Good selection of F IL E C A B IN E T S . 
1131 Bosse Rd- 733-7367, 734-3o81 
18" Diagonal Black and White 
Portabe TV (reconditioned) *58. 
HOPP * 1533 Austin Hwy. 4 
25" Diagonal Zenith Color Consol® 
TV. Reconditioned Like New 3298. 
Hopp s 1533 Austin Hwy 
Diam ond, loose I c o ro l 
C a ll 
684-4181 weekends or atter 6pm weekdays 
Double bed. mattress, boxspring, fram e. 34o cash 
Good cond. 
223-6233; 228-o837 eves, wkds 
D ouble bed with m attress, boxspring, SSS. Spanish style dresser .with m irror, $95. Gold colored sofa, 36o. Alm ost new love*#®!, 395 734-o934. 
5-drawer chest, SIS; 2 hutches, 
*75 (Director’s ch oir, SS. Bed trome. 31o 69o 8872 
Elec Typewriter SUS 
494-158) 
E L E P H A N T G ARLIC Shallot on ions Big National Market waiting oil you con grow 733-1137 

Aauanum. 6 mo old. 2o gal long 
Complete with stand. 3125. Atter 
5:3opm 696-25o9_______________ 

ARMY SURPLUS & 
OAMAGED FREIGHT 
D e s k s , s w iv e l c h a ir s , pe d e sta l fans, rid in g town m o w e r s , e le c t r ic m o to rs , washers, bunkbeds. electric a n d m a n u a l a d d in g m a ­ ch in e s , wood tr im , d o o rs, sinks, lavatories, pallets. 3 a c r e s of i t e m s ! ! C O M E 
C O O K ! ! ! 
5o35 
Roosevelt, 
924-87/1.___________________ 
A T T E N T I O N 
F L E A M A R K E T V E N D O R S 
Warehouse lull Must sell ever­ ything in 9o days. Glassware, coin m achine, shoes, used clothing, I g ro c e rie s, p rin tin g su p p lie s, flowers, new and used lumber. 
Call 224-6661 or come by 2942 E. 
Houston 
SI., 
I block 
W of 
Coliseum____________________ I 
2 Avocado green 3o gos runges. 
49o and 41oo I Coppertone gas I tang®, t/S H arve st Gold gas range, $1oo. G E refrig era to r, 
Harvest Gold. 14 cu ti 41oo Can I be seen in Converse, 658-o394. 
Baby bed and mattress, still in i box, SSO 333 9313 before 2.3o 
12 
B and W portable TV, almost new SOO 344 7873._____________ j 
B E A U T I F U L 
P L A N T S . 
Remarkably Priced! 653-4619 
Bed, Kingsize, never used, still ] packaged, extra firm (W orth! 
S48o) complete 3178 Includes 2o 1 yr guarantee end d e liv e ry .] 
Usually home 68*8234_________ 
Bedroom suite, large Coppertone refrigerator 
3 piece living room suite. 2 black and while T v s . 3 aas heaters Diam® room suite 4' 1 italian marble coffee table 2634 
W Mistletoe, 732 3142__________ 
Bedroom Suites. Mediterranean 
Dining Suit®. China Cabinet, Soto 
Bunk Beds. Early American Din nett#. Hutch. Tea Cart, Twin Beds 
Chest 337-8113 
B E E R BOX. late model 8 'x l'i' wide 222-8883 

Excellent window Friedrich Air conditioner 82ooBTU. 22o outlet 
319o Col) anytime 734-6162 

A -A D O R A B LE BA R G A IN AKC I 
Yorkshire Terrier Male Puppy. : 
655-5o34._____________________ 1 
Adorable AKC Yorkle Puppies 
___________534-1655__________ j 
A ffection P ro te ctio n 
Blood 
Hound-German Shepherd hybrid cross pups. 12 wks. 1-751-2679 
•AKC AFGHANS* 
Top quality___________ 698-27o8 
•AKC AFGHANS* 
Pups • Stud Serv. • 344-728o oft. 6 
AKC AFGHANS 
Show, Pet____________ 655 5796 
AKC AFGHANS, Champ. Lines 
___________ 653-9684__________ 
Ake Basset female 22mos. beou- tiful tri color, 735-6914_________ 
AK C Basset Hounds 2>/j yrs I male 
I fem. 
Sell beth Cheap 
626-1968._____________________ 
AKC Boston Terriers, female 
___________ 534-6o3o__________ 
AKC COLLIES, Ch. Sired 
___________ 623-4511__________ 
AKC DALMATION PU PPIES 
655 3693 349 5815 
_______ 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pet A d Today! 
Cal 
M ist M oore 
225-1666 

922 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

Sell to pay storage, Baby Grand, low 3795. Upright, new keys, 3395. 
494-1292. 

942 
- 
FARM 

SUPPLIES 

EQUIPMENT 

3o Self Loading FLO A T, Tandem rolling tail Pipe. 315oo Canyon 
Lake, t-935-2117_______ 

924 NURSERIES. 6ARoEN 

Greenhouse, Freight, Damage, t Terms, tree del. 924-5oo3._______ 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

AKC Dobermans 4 puppies, weeks old. 923 3858._________ 
IO 

AKC Eng Springer Spaniel Pups. 
Ch. Sired, shots, exc qu ality. 
Show, pet 735-1618. 924-8146 

Am erican Pit Bull Puppies for those who demand the finest. Both sire and dom UKC P. R. Bred. 
Reg. dogs, intelligent, loyal and pound for pound unbeatable. Once you own a Pit you’ll never be happy W ith lf-**- ,344-8779 

3" Belt sander. Craftsman. Black and 
Decker finishing sander. 
341-o451 
I Bucyrus Erie Model 36L Drilling 
Machine, Water or Oil, 655-7)o1 or 
651-6228. 

BLACK ANO TAN AKC German 
Shepherd Puppies. 628 )3o2 
BORDER COLLIES Pups A R F. 
Reg. >1oo. 649 1224. 
Cham pion Sired W eim aran e r 
Puppies. Elmendorf 1-393-6754. 
Ch Bred Tiny UKC Toy Fox Tor- rlers. Fox Terriers. 661-38o7. 
CHO ICE Ake Pekingese pups, 
7wks 385, 684-o178.____________ 
Dachshund Puppies 8 wks 
684-3o59_________ I_________ left 
Doberman Pinscher male, 2 yrs. 
No papers. 35o. 622-3631 
For Sale German Shepherd Pup­ pies and Mixed Terrier Puppies 
532-7916 
_____________ 

CAT 977 LOADER 
585oo. Canyon Lake (1)935-2117 
Cat9S5L Traxcavator with Ripper and Canopy. Just 216 Hours since new 345,ooo 623-2331, 675-2233 
DITCH WITCH, 18 hp, *15oo or best offer. 681 3169 

FORD TRACTORS 
8N and 9N with new end used im­ plements 37o8 S. Flores 
__ 
For Sale C o le U tility T racto r 
M odel 31o, front end lo ad er, scraper blade New Motor and tires *35oo I 625-1922 eves and weekends. 733-1629 doys_______ 
12 ft J. D. Grain Drill, double disc, sm all seeder box; 
,3 
** 
International Disc Harrow; ISH x 
8 ft Gooseneck (loot 3 axle with elec. brakes Don Huesser Post hole digger 12' auger. Interna­ tional frontend loader. Portable 
Sure Weighl Livestock Scale. 2 metal Creep Feeders double side 
2 Ion capacity 197o international 
4 Wheel drive Pick Up. 1-78o-269o otter 6 p m 
INT L HAY CRIM PERS 
648 o62o _____ 
4o1o: 4o2o JOHN D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-6711 

Dragline tor sale Heavy Duty 
Bucyrus 3o-B. Like new, only 1ooo hours. 6o’ Boom, I Vt yard bucket. 
Coll: 1-713-488-4484. 

FORKLIFTS 
A LL SIZES 
A LL TY P ES 
Bto 'ihach Equipment, 736-1659 

John Deere Front end 3 row mid­ dle busier, 
4 row cultivator. 
342-3oo1.______ _______________ 
Lindy Liquid Nitrogen refrigero- 
♦or, X R U . 52oo. 826-o156.______ 

I8hp engine, electric start. 
681-3169. 
Call 

6HP Roto Tiller with furrow of- tacnm ents 2 M u rray 22" self p ropelled m ow ers 
K en m ore 
«-burner ans stove. 333-62oo 

Herculon couch, loveseat, I coffee tolbe and 2 end tobies, all wood 
5175, 657-1455 

POOL TA B LE W ANTED: 7x3 
Flat# 695-8472. 
___________ 
Practice Piano with bench, 31oo. 3 
Bicycles, need repairs, *3o Ping pong toble, 325. 684-2922. 
R anch M ink full length coot, matching sable collar, size IO, 
Firm S7ooo lyr., 342-293?______ 

HOSPITAL BED; Clean tnterspr- ing mattress, *125 
7J6-o432, oft. 
3pm._______________ 

Recorder, 8 track with play-back deck 533-5377 
Reel tape deck, T E A C 234o R . 
Excellent cond 348o firm. 673-7oo2 
R e frig e ra to r, sm all, old fa ­ shioned, bright red, working. $4o. 
344-2894. 
Refrigerator automatic washer, freeier. Working perfect. Reo- sonoble. 226 I9S9._____________ 
Refrigerator, 17 cu ft trostfree, J door, good condition, 375. 333-o221 
Reconditioned color, black white toble with 4 yellow upholstered' T V 's, 
E x ce lle n t p ictu re s chairs Mahogany queen bed with washers, dryers, refrigerators headboard French Provincial ] All priced to sell now! Preowned triple dresser with 9 drawers and lo piece white and gold all wood 
2 drawer matching night stands. 
Brovhill king bedroom suit m- 

H O U S E H O L D FU R N IS H IN G S 
USED O N LY I YR 
IN E X C E L ­ 
LENT, SPOTLESS CONDITION! 
C on tem porary block- brown- beige plaid living room suite 
Matching sofa, love seat, 2 arm I chairs 5’coftee table 7 pedestal i ash tray stands. Pedastal swivel I 
TV table. GE matching washer , and dryer Ivory colored dinette 

Used Office F u rn iture 
Desks, chairs, typewriters, ad- dlng machines More! 349-2674 
USED R EFR IG ER ATO R S 
CEN TR A L SERVICE CO 
7o7 WEST AVE , 73*4237 
Utility trailer, large, enclosed. 
335o. 655-2438______________ 
Vent-a-Hood, 4 ll. wide copper­ tone, 2 lights, extra pipes. 33o att. 
5. 732 6624.___________________ 
VIP Repair Kit, advertised in no­ tional mogaiine. Like new kit has all you need Reg. $259, Ie! go tor 
HOO 
Coll 534-3996 Otter 7 pm 
Mon Wed. F n 

New From $495 
• 

Used From $195 
: 

425 N. M ain... 224-5526 
J 

Wonderland... 732-1259 
* 

North Star . . . 344-o241 
I 

 iii m um m n i i* 5 

$ 2 o .o o A M o n th 

R e n ts 

A B A L D W IN 

R IA N O 

■ rn) Ap®#** • 
( 
SIM S B A LD W IN 

6 7 3 Lock h ill- Se lm a R d 

3 4 4 - 4 5 3 9 

AKC German Shorthaired Pointer 
Puppies 8 wks shots, wormed. 
674-69o3._____________________ 
AKC German Shepherd Puppies. 
Intern ! Ch. Bloodline. 653-2751.__ 
AKC Greol Dane pups. Faw ns 
3)5o. Terms. 923-6496._________ 
A K C 
H A R L E Q U I N 
G R E A T 
DANE PUPPIES. 648-1263. 

German Shepherd Puppies, mole 34o tem. 661-561o. 
35o 

Germ an Shorthaired Pointers, 
Ch. Sired. Elmendorf 1-393-6754. 
Golden Retriever 7 mo. female very tight color. 653-5194.__________ 
Great Danes Reg Lowest prices in town, 922 2o86. oft 12 noon. 

AKC IRISH Setters 
Bloodlines 492-1122. 
Champion 
GREAT DANES 
Champion sired. 1-755-4696 

AKC Irish Setter Pups 
655-9192 
A K C 
Irish setter pu ppies, wormed, shots, 658-8448___________ 
AK C Irish Setter Puppies For 
Sole. 35o Coll after 5 333-3618 
AKC LABRADOR PUPS 
Ch. line*. 38S. 826-3393 

Lam ps Bunk bed with double ra ils. 
M U S T 
S E E 
TO 
A P ­ 
P R E C I A T E 1 
C a ll 
M otor 
Mohammed Ibrahim 673-187o or otter 4pm 675 o454___________ _ 
I8hp engine. 
681-3169 electric start. Coll 

Exerciser, Sears tlex-o-lounge 
515 Used von tires. 16.5 6oly. SIO eg. 434 1185__________________ 
E X P A N D E D SHOP Big Brows mg Room chucked full Hoosier kitchen cabinet *15o. Rocker 335. 
Butte! 34o Corner Chino Cabinet 
3165 Chairs. Prim atives. glass­ ware Singer treble machine. 365 
FLEATIQ U E, MIO W Hildebrand at IH IO, 734-8395, loam till dark 
FED D ER S Air Units, 14,ooo BTU 
3125 12,ooo BTU 31oo, 656 1773 
1968 Fender J a n Bats G uitar with case 3175. 735-3o87. Atter 6, 
349-4886 

6HP Roto Tiller with furrow at­ tachments 2 M u rray 22" self propelled m ow ers 
K enm ore 
* bl*rner gos Stove. 333P41Uo 
Junk Sale. Old Stove, Refrigera­ tor, Mag Wheels, Misc Olmos Pk 
224 Belvidere Fn-Sot 

 eluding desk, com plete, 3495 
Preowned /-piece Haywood Wa­ kefield bedroom suit, 33oo Brandt honey-maple dining room suit solid wood with double drop leat toble, 4 chairs, buffet, server. 
M IN T C O N D IT IO N . 345o. A 
S TEA L! Butcher block table ond 
4 chairs SISO Other dinette suits 
Antiaue dresser, out ot this world, 
57oo Coffee end tobies, lamps, new 3-piece velvet living room group with 8 

Alto saxophone, *125. G ibson 
DS-335 best ofter 434 16o5 
BALDWIN ORGAN (Orgo-Sonlc 
56R) 
696-4866 
________ 

W asher, auto Kenm ore, good condition $65. electric dryer $4o; psuable freeier 35o. 433-62o4___ 
Washmq machine, 335, king site spread with m atching drapes, 
31o; 681-2884 

CRITCHETT PIANO CO 
No Time Limit on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
19o7 W.Woodlawn 
734-4217 

Water tank, 17oo gal heavy gage golv. 3175 826 1o29 
Wedding gown and headpiece, 
3iie IO, 3125 696-3453 344-3944 
Welder, Elec and AC Y Torch, 
Cart, 4-bottles 35o, H D Wood- 
Steel work Bench 5o. 1-625-5822 or 
21)8. 
3-wheel adult Schwinn bike, bath­ tub sink, 4 doors, stove, sofa, chair, matching cotfee-7 end ta­ bles, very reos Coll all day Sun- doy. Mon Tues offer 5pm 696-44oo 
Wheels, White Spoke, new 14x7. 6 lugs with new G7o-I4 tires, white couch, love seat, I letters ideal for smoli pickup 

Large Selection of Antiaue 
PLAYER PIANOS 
ED GAIDA S 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
28o6 N.Flores 
733-1546 
Lowrey Organ, Genie model. Au to rhythm, 2 keyboard, many other features. 875o. 655-1759 
Peavey 8oo Booster. 45o watt. amp., 4 ohm, 3175. 684-5653._______ 
PIANOS RENTEO-Oplion to Buy 
NO LIM ITED TIME 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
MOO NOGALITOS 
223-6151 
5235 W ALZEM RD. 
654-6661 

AKC Lhasa A PSO, mole, iv* yr* old had all hi* shots. Beautiful light gold. I 583-33o8 or 1-582 1159 
AKC LHASO APSO PUPS 
Alto STUD SERVICE 344-8ooo 
AKC LHASO APSO PUPS 
Also STUD SERVICE 344-8ooo 
AKC Norwegian Elkhound Pups, v ery rea so n a b le , m ales ond females. 684-2272._____________ 

Half Alaskan Husky- Half G e r­ man Shepherds 345-355. Shots, guaranteed heolty. 1-379-oo12. 
7 male Ch. Bloodline Shetland 
Sheepdog* (Shelties) 2Vt m oi ail shots. Pedigree. 1-625-6324._____ 
Need Stud S e rvice for G reat?, 
Done, no papers. 924-4o54 
NORWEGIAN ELKHOUNDS 
AKC puppies. CH.sired, CH.dam. 
Beautiful pedigree. E x ce lle n t watch dog. Stud s®rvtce. 655-2445 
Norwegian Elkhound Pups, AKC 
Reg. Ch Bloodline. Exc. watch- doge, 3)5o. 34*171o 
OBED IEN CE CLASSES 
For Germ an Shepherds. Regis­ tration March 2 and 9. 826-312o or 
6881539 
_______________ 

G U N IT E m achine for building swimming pools $55oo. Garbage disposal truck 342oo. 5oo Case tractor *45oo; with 6 yard hy­ draulic scraper 53ooo. Back hoe 
35ooo. A ir Conditioned O ffice 
Building 318oo. Coll 274-6661 or 
Come by 2942 E. Houston.______ 
Hunter Wheel A lignm ent m a­ chine, *8oo. 828-397o._________ _ 

6” Meyers Pump I hp 3oo’ with 2" pipe ond rods, cylinder. 5 hp Sub­ mergible 3oo' No. 4 Submergible 
Wire. 3 hp Submergible with 1'«" pipe. 684-2483 
75 Model LH. Cub LowBov 185 with twin disc and plow. Like new. 
635-8487 
__________ 

Kenmore Refrigerator and Stove in good cond. 434-5637 att a ____ 
2 La rg e A ir H am m ers, 2 A ir 
Tampers, 1-1" Drive Air Impact 
Wrench Grease Equipt., 1-1 Oft, 
Svd. Galion Dump Body, 344-4711 

8N ond 9N Ford Tractors, Late 
Model 3ooo Ford Tractors, 135 and 
165 
M asse y 
F erg u so n 
Tractors. Used Planters ond Cul­ tivators 2 end 4 row 
DIETZ TRACTOR CO 
1-379 1945 or 658-1288 
522 IH lo Seguin 

4,ooo lb Forklift Good Cond in operation. $31oo or Best otter. 
4o21 NACO-PERRIN. 653-3773. 

ROCK P IC K E R , hydraulic con- trol lift. 23o1 Nogolitos, 534-67)1 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S , F a rm , 
Ranch Equio. Hay and Horse 
Barns Pipe Pens. 337-6931 doys or nites. 
________________ 

Locators: equip, mach. Toll free 
1-8oo-528-6o5o ext 3o39 

932 - AUCTION SALE 

"K E Y TO G R E A T E R SALES" 
Grover Howell Co, Auctioneers 
Houston, Tx 
TXGC-77-o154 
S.A. Office: 11o31 Wye Drive 
__ Allen Howell 512) 656-113o 

M jm ilY-U IIU TS-IEES 

Laying hens, si.$o each Cages. nests, coops, feeders. 626-2174 

AKC Pekinoese Puppies 7 wks 
385. 658-1o66_________________________ 
AKC poodles, silver, I wk 
I female, *125. 655-8445. 
AKC Reg. Dachshund Red. tem. I mo*. Shots, 344-2555,___________ 

AKC Slnmvt<S*922-3963 

AKC Sheltie Puppies 385-5135. 
733-1281 
AKC SHIH TZU P U PPY 
3288 
696-7698 
A K C Show Quality Doberm an 
Puppies l l wks, Red-Tan, S la ­ ton. 922-178o , 924-6326_________ 
AKC Toy Poodle puppies. Silver boite mole at stoa 653-o322 
AKC White Female German She- pherd 4 yrs. 533-8587.__________ 

Kenmore Automatic Dishwasher, 
Ext. Cond. 51oo, 349-3o81 att 6. 
King sue mattress ond boxspring, 
IO yrs old S25 337-4736 
T i iiu r b v vacuums in box with attachments 
77 models. Regular 
3379.95 s a c rific e 
*23o oo delivered. Lost apl. deal Austin. 
1-451-728o 
I 
Kirby Vacuum Cleaner, with all attachments, excellent condition. 
533-85o7 

Bicycle, lady $ 76' ben 492 2414 good cendi- 

23* 
Block ond While Diagonal 
Table Model TV 398 Hopo 3 1533 I 
Austin Hwy 
Blinds 6 wooden venetian 14"x4' good condition 824-6751 
BUSINESSM AN S M U S T t Brief case telephone AH acc plus , heavyduty c harper 
433-o3M m 
3182 
; 
C e p a Shell hanging lamp 349; 
(allan swivel chair with cushion 
•78, high chair 37, temple rub bmus (iud other pictures 684-o468 
Carpel, Rust colored, 12'xH' Ex cetien! cond 324o or best otter 
*83 9724 ofter 6pm or weekends 
CB base, Revet I 44o SSS with 
EH 88 315o Misc equip 651 2515 fifer 3 3opm 
_________ _ 
CB radio Cobra ouiO 111 SSS AM 
New 3358 734-4919 733 6733 
Cedar chest, dram® and bedroom furniture, hutch, aid wall phone, g la ssw a re, m ere 
533-4621. 
133 9838. 1181 Topfko _________ 
CH IN A 
N e ritake, white to ld etched, beautiful set Service tor 
7, >158 474-7296____________________ 
Cleck, old W aterbury strikin®. with calendar, carved cose, real nice $32$ 421 2o79____________ 
Collector wants German Military items. WWI and WWD including 
Regimental Beer steins >53-3841 
Color Admiral Tv $98, Black and 
Whlre Purtobtk 337 58 733 o742 
23 
C olor Console TV good condition, as is, tor best ofter 
Contact ♦73 3 6 o * ________ 
Color TV Beautiful 75 
Mealier canyon. 
Perfect 
(end 
3233 
924-o796 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel Pipe 

Fiberglass Tubs A Showers 

Water Healers 
Steel Tubs 
Casl Iron Tubs 
Sinks Lavoratories 
Mony Other Hems 
_______ 224-o672_______ 
French Provmicoi Hutch Top 47 
I Wide, 325. 812 1153______ _____ 
I FRIGIDAIRE refrigerator, COP-I 
I pertone 373. 344-3837_________ 
I 1$ ft Metal Antenna Must With i 
I Guy 
Wires 
Almost 
New 
315. 
735-6313 
Furniture-Appliances-Jewelry 
All Applications approved with leaotred down payment Call Im periol Furn. 222 2237 4)6 Brody 
G as Range, ex cellen t, $15o 
633 1274 after 8 ond weekends 
Gibson SG Excellent Condition 
COH Aft 5pm 347 1597 
______ 
Go Cart For Sale; 3135. Good 
Condition 
Recently Overhauled 
674-o439 
_________________ _ 
GO KART FOR SALE Good Con aition Call 484 8893 att 5 wkdys, on (time wknds 
................. . 
Golf club*. Hogan UHrodvne ll. irons IPW . SISO 494 2414. 
GRANO OPENING 
McDonald’s 

Hie Clearance Center ler one ot America's largest furniture leasing Co's. 

] Lam p s, Honied am ber bose, molchmu swop lites. 635-39o1 
] 
Large maple desk, S1oo. 2 bar j 
] stools SIO both, New Day bed SKX) 
I chase lounge chair, $3o 499-1529 aft.5 
Large Plywood Boxes, 4'x4'x7', 
I 31o ea 
Central Moving B Storage 
U5oo N Loop Rd 
Library Table, 4 drawer chest, ] telephone table, trunks, quill rail, mirror picture frame, piano stool. twin bed, hat stand, pie sate, some pnmotive furniture, Texas made 
V ery old mi)k cooler cro ck s, scales, iron nots, cast iron woad b u rn ,nq heater, lam ps m any mort Hems 656 1394 
Like New T ra d itio n a l V elvet 
Couch ond C h airs, Gold High 
Back C h a irs, with m atch ing couch C om plem ents Lam ps, 
M arb le and Wood T ab les to 
Match Used 2oho Outboard Like 
New Elect 
Remote Motor $4oo 
661-3669_____________________ 
Living room, dining room, be, 
, droom furniture. Soonish bar, king sue bed. upright freezer, 
654-671$. 
Loveseat with 7 end tables, all I yeor old. 342-1o89 
'75 Magncvox Color TV Console I yr. warranty on ports. S45o or best ofter 673 7589, >71-2712 

 chair $389 New bedding Prices no one in town can beat! Walter** 
Corner Furniture. Corner Wade 
Rd ond IH 3$ 656-3188_________ 
R EFR IGER ATOR -freeier, white 
Frigidaire side bv side. 16 cu tt. 
Like new S2oo 917-3827________ 
Refrigerator misc. turn Moving, must setll 635 213o____________ 
R EFR IG ER A TO R 
Westinghouse. 365. 34 ) o18o 
Refrigerator, F rig id aire , must sell, good cond $8$ 633-673o 
Retrig.- Freeier, 14'icu.ft., 17o1b. freeier. *223 341-o673__________ 
R e frig ., fro stlre e . white 
F rig id aire , excellent, 412-5373 ofter 6. 
Riding Mower, Shp 5 speed, 12" used one season. 693-3315.______ 
74 Roto Tiller 8 hp Stick Shift 
Power Reverse, Excellent Cond. 
492-1)o9. 
Rugs, point sprayer, tiller, 5ft shredder, 63o Adrian.___ 

$16o 655 1217 
Wicker bassinette, dressing table, infant seal, G M cur seal. 684-9o14. 
Wood O ffice Oesk and ch a ir. 

« • SM K SALES* 

A P T S A L E 
M O V IN G , M U ST 
S ELL! Stereo receiver, turntable and speakers carpet shampooer. 
O ccasional ch o ir, glassw are, 
MISC. flea m arket items. 1315 
DONALDSON No. 1o5 Start Mon. 
Mor.7. Will bargain 734-3868 

SAVE to 
OFF 
A LL BRANDS 
OLMOS MUSIC CO. 
4)o N. MAIN 
234-1741 

Monkey grass, 1oc, desk chair, misc 32o Club D r, 734-8888.___ 
Moving from home lo apartment: I electric dryer; triple dresser, 2 j matching nightstands; recliner; twin bed; reel to reel stereo tape reco rd er; desk; b edspreads; misc 3127 MidOi'Q, 455-1o48. 

AKC Yorkle Pups. Stud Service 
735-6851, 734-2733______ 
A K IT A 
P u p p ie s, 
31oo-815o. 
656-1517. Keep Colling 

•OBEDIENCE CLASSES* 
Classes start March 7th 
Registration Fob. 21st and 28th 
S. A. DOG TRAINING CLU B 
635-8734; 534 5886, 344-6o39 
PA R R O T Dbl Yellowhead with coge ond stand. $25o cgs. 653-7982 
Parrot Double Yellow Head. Ex- tremly Beautiful. 494-43o6______ 
Pekingese IO mos, male $5o 
___________ 623-3186__________ 
Reg. American Pit Bull Terriers 
33o-UP. 333-o827______________ 
SHELTIE PUPS, (miniature Col­ lies) 3 male*, tri color, 375-up, 
4.38759S or 655-4*39___________ 
Shepherd P u ppies, lust born. 
AvoHoBle In 6 wks 315. 492-2472. 
S IB E R IA N H U S K IE S , l l wks, re t, fem ale. Paren ts p a in te d ., 
SISO 681-3872.________________ 
Smoll Silver Poodle, fem. Intern'! 
CB. Line. 341-7964._____________ 

We buy and sell Easter Bunnies, 
Ducklings and Colored Chicks. 

“ H H i i n 4 i W _____________ 
942 farm EqaiDtroenl Supplies 

B E D E L L T R A I L E R CO 1976 
I Close-Out Sole on oil Gooseneck 
I Trollers. ISIP So. Flores 224-6318 
| ‘52 Ferguson 26 hp. 3 point hookup with draw bar, excellent condi- 
] hon. Atter 6, 176-1232.__________ 
Ford 9N tractor, $995 M F 14$ diesel. 3415o M F 65 diesel, 3245o. 
I Int. 46o diesel, $245o Oliver 88 diesel, $24oo 
I new B ritis h 
I Levland diesel. 47hp demo . 3625o. 
I new British Leytand diesel 755. 
S5hp demo., S685o I new British 
Leyland 7ohp diesel, 385oo. I 
4-row peanut and moi# planter, 
312oo Other Equipm ent. John 
Lott, 569-2422, Collect 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steve* 
533-5145 
USED 4ooo FORD and USED 5ooo 
FO R D T R A C T O R S . E W A L D 
FORD TR A CTO R S, IH IO, Hwy 
46, Seguin, Tx 1-379-4591. 
W ANTED: 3 pl hookup disc har­ row, 6 'ii i 449-297o____________ 

OTT 
NOW 

For extra cash, sell that outdoor furniture now! 

Call 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

ALASKAN Malamute male I wk* 
*2oo 344-5356. 

SPRINGER SPANIEL PUPS 
CB. at Stud • 494-3892 

BABY LION CUB tor sale 
732 9432; 733-1911 
Beautiful German Shepherd pup­ pies, no Dopers. 328. 653-3336 

U K C Reo 
A m e ric a n E sk im o 
Puppies, Pure White 31o8 342 o637 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
• S A. Dog Breeders Referral Ser vice will put you in touch witn a nearby rep u ta b le b re e d e r. ssswr’tn i in iw h iM ii— 

Additional Classified 

 on P age 6 B 

Sacrifice, 4 mo GE washer-dryer. 
Harvest gold. loaded. 35o8. Atter 
•pm 364-8896 _______________ 

Y A R D S A L E 
Wed thru Sat. 
Clothing, furniture ond Misc items 
42o2 King Crest oft Coliseum ond 
Gambler Rd. 
_ 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

C X M E S S * N E W S rn mtSRh&r* 
WW rn 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
1 a min lim, in jgggm m m m 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
B A B Y S I T T IN G 
C H I L D C A R E 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

M atching chair and ottoman, newly uphoi $7$, ofter l l 333-6314 
Mediterranean bedroom suite. J pieces, good condition. $1oo Call ofter 3. 684 4817______________ 
M E T A L detector, Mini-Pro. like new. SISO 977 3948____________ 
Mini bike. Sears Best, Cast 3269, like new. 385 492 2414 
M ISCELLAN EO US plumbing fix- lure*. Coll $33-3o67 

S A C R IF I C E I yr. old C u rtis 
Mathis console color TV, 25", ex­ cellent condition, 355o or best i Offer 116 9155_______ _________ 
; Scuba Gear, Posiedon Regulator. 
Docor Twin 55o Tanks, Dept. 
; oouee. etc 6*6 43o6 
SEARS Electric Mower, used t i yr, *75 
G E canister Vacuum 
I 656-o318.______________________ j 
Sears exercise bike 578 CASH, 
977 361o______________________ ] 
See P a yn e 's C re a tiv e C ra fts 
Northwest Center Fleo Market I 
Sat March 5, Sun Oak Wail Tele­ phones. Old Trunks, Horse Collar I 
M irrors Unusual Table Lamps, I 
Planters Stands, Wall Bracket 
Lamps Much Mort 

SHAKLEE DISTRIBUTOR 
Coll 654 o524 or 653-6329 
Shuffleboard. 1899 Regulation. 
Excellent Cond New Set of Pucks 
56o8, aft 3 38 921-2178 ________ 
Soto. H assled, solid wood con­ struction, hard woven blue green upholstery arm covers Extra j fabric 513o 824 5o41___________ 
Soto S' itt, Spanish, gold. medol lion, velvet, make offer, >55-84oo. 

93o tttBCHMIOlSt WHUMP 

Antiques. Appliances, Furniture 
WF PAY MORF 
Estates. Anything of value., from one piece to he useful Call; 
342-4733 Anytime 
Est 1949 

A D D IT IO N S 
B ab ysittin g 
I 
7:3oam-5: loom, 
733-9289. 

 i my hom e, 
3-5 yr olds. 

Buying late model refrigerators. 
Heelers needing repair. 341-1845 

We rented it first se we can sell it for less 
L a m p s 
......................... 
Tables . . . 9.................. 
Headboards ................ 
Upholstered C h airs ... 
Mattress Sets ... 
Dinettes ........................ 
Dressers ...................... 
Sofas 
.................... 

MOVING MUST S ELL 
Retnger- oior Among 7ocu ft. White, less than I yr old Frost free Other 
Extras. 5773 696-53o3 

SPEAKERS 

. a 
. a 
$12 
SI? 
$33 
$39 
$59 
$89 

Insolvent Iowa Co in process of liquidation, seeks interested San 
Antonio residents who would like to get in on o good buy on Stereo 
Must sell living rooom suit, den,, phonic Speakers The speakers bedroom suit, CB and converter,' are not sold with a guarantee but 

McDonald's 

Color TV, 19' 
S ilt 824-9798 
Beautiful Picture. 

Color 
TV, 
921 B il l . 
Jim console 
*158 

COLOR TV 395 Refrigerator 365 
Beth working teed 974 2846 
C olor TV Zenith E a rly Am er console 3125. M ognavox b ori : stand 5H5, Animo# vanity 558, 
898-8771 
C onsole stere# record play o r—-A M -P M rad io , adult owned. *73 494 6598___________ 
Consol# Stereo, bar; chost at drawers 
Ion, coffee table, par table clo th e s Im# >37 3649_______ 
Couch ana Lavas#®!, contemnor ary block, brawn, whit# Herculon i 'm 633 9494 
___ ______ _____ 
15 I co ti deeptroozo, Signature twin bed wtfh motif ess ^drawer mirrored chest 
2718 I oEehnot. 
668 1169 oomoaed 12*12 Plywood < oft coe forms, Fro# Oaiivory 7|j 5171 

4742 Dodge Street 
6S6-6o5S 
Mon -Set., 9 to 5 
Master Chut ae Bonk Amor ic Old 
Starlit® T e rrace exit off IH 
35, c ross under IH3S. la k e left to Whirlwind, left on 
B o ll_______________________ 
Guitar Amp IS' JBL Speaker 158 
Wolfs Make Oftei 494-4386 ___ 
GUITAR 
Ovation, round back, with case, like new. SISO 927 3948 
Guns 
Rem 118o MOO VR Ilea 
Marlin 38 18. 2 Marlin 22 with 4X 
Scope Cabinet 856 1773 
Ham m ond O rg an Spin off, 2 
Oeyboords, 13 pedal, excellent t una 546 5 691 1888 
_______ _ 
Hooter Wail Unit, 33,899 BTU 
Complot! 573 838 1773________ _ 
Her colen couch, love veal. I coffee lathe and J ond tablas, all wood 
8173,8)7 1435 
HOSPITAL BED Clean Intel spr­ int mattress. 5125. 716-8413, att 
____________ 
H O U S EH O LD FU R N IS H IN G S 
USED ONLY I YR IN E X C E L 
LENT, SPOTLESS CONDITION! 
Contem porary black brown- bot®# elaid living room Lotto 
Male nine solo. lava seat, 2 arm chairs 5 coffee taal# I pedastal ash troy stands Pedestal swivel 
TV table GB matching washer ond dryer Ivory (tiered dinette table with 4 yellow uaheistored charrs Mahogany queen bed with heodMeerd French P ro vin cial triple Prosser with 9 drawers ond 
; 2 drawer matching night stands 
Lam p! 
Bunk pod with double roils 
M U ST 
S E C 
TO 
A P P R E C I A T E ! 
C o ll 
M o lar 
Mohammed Ibiah,rn 873-1171 ar 

 girls bike, lamp, misc 684-o892 
NORGE D R YER 
Almas! now »>. 923 «s»o 
_ 
Oak Dining room Toble 4 choirs 
S425 2 coffee tables matching $58 
OB 341-5625. 
Oak T a b le 38o 
Sears Auto 
Washer, excellent *63 434-1461 

OFFICE CHAIRS 
Executive. Secretary. Occasion­ al Uptielsterod, vinyl and annum# leather. All beautiful Over 29o chairs to choose from 
P rice d from *8 5o and up n i l Boss* Rd . 
733 7367, 734 388) 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
Ever zttimu Must Got) 
DESKS, CHAIRS 
CRED EN ZAS. CU BICLES, ETC. 
Cow to see, 736-1894 
One Amber Color Recliner Newly 
Covered 
Excellent 
Cond 
373 
>381128. 
One Lavatory and commode in good condition, choop 223-8974- 
483 Roslyn Avenue____________ 
One Mediterranean living roam sot, couch, chair, cotton tabla, 3 
•notables SUS or will soil sapor- 
Ota 459 IMI_______________ ___ 
O R I E N T A L R U G S , m u lch in g 
9x12 ond I2H2 Champaane and 
Gold 
Unique Non Tradition al pattern Hand made in Tsiensen 
Manner 
9 yrs old Outstanding 
Cond Must be seen Retailed over 
35o88 Now 32888 638 4354 
Oscilloscope tor solo, Ta x im a n 
336 Quai Tram ess 2313 
P a ir of Two Way S p ea k e rs, 
Selling tor SSO each Bv Cetumuiu 
Caw 455 6944 
_ _ _________ 
PANASONIC 
MICRO 
WAVE 
OVEN 
Almas! now 5248 494 23o8 
P E C A N 
TR~EES 3o 
E A C H 
GROWING IN POTS. 132-113/ 
PIANO 5 It Grand. Now Brava leis 625 8845 _______________ 

PLANT PARTIES 
184-3812 
349 5819 
Pool Toaw Golden Was! Nevada 
4 .7 156o 65) 4223 

 may bo losltd to insure quality 
Stock consist at tho tallow ing lyons 58o GARDE, heavy cabinet 
3-way systems with l l inch Phil lips Onver 58-1o mid range and 
Phonetic ring tweeter with full crass aver Market value 5179 95 each, your cost 319 each 
IOO G A R O E 2-way with 12 Inch 
17-71 Phillips d rivtr, and 32-29 
Phoneme fin# twootor Market volue 3122 3o each, your cost 379 
IN GAROE Mini Power Column speakers with I inch loam relied 
O riv o r, end 
Ph onem e ring tweeter 
M arket value $91 73 each, your cost SSI each 
General Public and Dealers may inquire by tolling 454 7o41 
A product el Ryan M arketing 
Corp of Texas_______________ 
STOVES One opt sue SIO each 
Men and girls bikes 
SU -SH, 
333-2939_____________________ 
TAKE Uh 8 Payments pf SU on my Singer Golden Touch B Sew 
Model 75o 274 3877 

Tentier loving Care 
For Y o u r Plants! 
Home or attice supplies tarnished 
Coll tar tree estimates, day or evening, 344-5391 

Tent, 19 X U Wards,' Pole's and carrying case Excellent cond 
ST* Picture casement window, 
SH 349-8497 ■ 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trade. Repoir 
$321 SAN PED R O 
828 2327 
CASH ler w ashers: K tn m ora. 
Whirlpool needing repair. 
214-87)9 
_____________ 
CASH for your Used Piano 
______ 114-7111 or 114-11o1 
DIAMONDS 
Williams, 227-8/81, HO E.Houston 
From someone who d e liv e rs: bedroom soil, hide-q-bed 534 4488 

’ 111 BUY ANYTHING 
THAT DOESN'T E A T !!) 
CALL JIM LISTER 
,______ 433 7SN or 6338348 
•JOE PAYS CASH* 
For used furniture ond working appliances 913-8942, 92? 4845 
TOP CASH PAID tor vour old newspaper afd corrugated AAB 
CO Paper Stock 
815 Ceratvo, 
434-o481 
W A N T E D 
A frica n to m e tro ­ phies Also boar rue* Roll top desk Mon r n , 734 2971________ 
W A N T E D 
Color TV needing repair 
Must bo reasonable 
937-74o4. 
W ANTED? Working or not wofi- mg refrigerators 
435 5558) 
I 673-7478^ 
Wa buy Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiauos Glassware etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
451-1714 anytime, 455 4414 avos. 
JOHN A ROWLAND BARNES i »< rilled one bunded Buyer* 
WE PAY CASH 
For Good Used Furniture 

REMODELING 
C O M P LET E FINANCING 
F R E E ESTIM ATES 
C & S LUMBER 
4447 RO O SEVELT 
924 8554, 914 9357 

Babysitting in my home. lie.. N S mom area, day or hight, 341-5177 
Babysitting in my house. Blanco 
Rd arOBi 734-347o._____________ 
C h ild ca re in my hom o, roes. rotes, 2 3yr olds, 734-3497 

A S P H A L T 

A S P H A L T R E P A I R I N G AN D 
PATCHW ORK. We do driveways, sravel work. No lob loo bro or too small Froo estimates Call J B R ] 
ASPHALT CO 474 7264________ 
BSpec 1oI1 line rn asphalt and con crol^ riyos^ 8lU874 anj(tlmo. 

A S P H A L T - C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

All Typos of Concrete Work 
________Roto#!, 424-7443_______ 
BEST PRICES FAST SERVICE 
927 2797 
C O N CR ETE 
WORK 
___________ 927-1737 
; 
Cement Construction Redwood dcsion p atios, sid e w a lk s, ] driveways, all typos of flat work. 
H ii, i I r owe! will ti e /OI 514 (MSJ I _ 
Conf rota. all typos, foundations. drive ways, polios, call day or nigh!. Froo Est 7351384, 731 7413 
Concrete, brick and rock werk.| 
Patios, driveways, foundations 
731 S4U#r 431-6464, call Bichord 
Concrete, patio, walks, driveways 
I *oo N I J.Goar rara 914-7777 
Cancratt. patios, walks, drives, additions at winter prices. F re t estimates Frank, 333 1448 
Discount on all concrete, rock and masonry work Done now Free est Anytime 276-8459, 533 5718 
D riv e w a ys, patios, w alks, remodeling and metal blat* Coil 
137 SHS Pf 477 SSW. 
P E B B LE FINISH Driveways, pa ho. sidewalk* ond what have you 
No lob too small H RAM IREZ, 
: 434-779o. 
________ 

Daytime childcare in my home, nice tenced yaid reps . 828-3887 
Excellent child care in my heme. 
Lakeside oreo. 448-1*44_______ 
Lie childcare. Austin hwy- Harry 
Wurihoch vie, 818-3713________ 
L ie . C H ILD C A R E in my home. 
Planned activities Castle Hills, 
Dreamland oreo, 344-8428 
Licensed bobysrttinp in my home, day, wk. or month, 734o215 
Roo childcare, Valencia El Do- rode oreo. SSS-3831___________ 
Red childcare in my homo, per­ sonal attn any apa. NE ared. 
4 5 7 - 1 7 1 4 _______________ 
R o t c h ild c a re in my hom e. 
Swooners of ope. 33*14o1______ 
Reg childcare in my home, oge 3 ond up 515 wk, 661 2351 (Kirby) 
R EG CHILDCARE 2-4yrs. In my home Days! 5 days wk 4pm-7om 
Off Callaghan on 
Ingram 
Rd. 
I 43S-89U._____________________ 

AA Foundation, House Leveling. 
Foundation Repair, Experience: ond Reliable, 8211713_________ 

Doors dragging? 
Wags cracking? 
All types foundation repairs. IO y rs. o xp e rlo n co . 
AH work guaranteed 
Coll anytime, I 
5)4-411o___________________ 
Foundation repairs. Guaranteed work. 3o yrs experience 
Froo 
E N 333-4384._________________ 

L A W N C A R E 
R O O F I N G 

SFOUNOATION SPECIALIST 
All typos of foundations repairs, 
ABC CONSTRUCTION. Call any- tim t, 333-48)6 
Foundation leveling and repair. 
Good work at a good price. Frat 
Estimates. 924-4424 

H O U S E L E V E L I N G 
THE IRISHMAN 
3o Y EA R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Net*: Never take the first price! 
3J3-9o5I o r 
734-7511 
Reliable mon ta do foundation repairs and house leveling Satis­ faction guaranteed. No lob to 

F U R N I T U R E 
R E F I N I S H I N G 

Plan! grass, fertilize yards, cull hpjghjree* Coll Pete, 331 57oo 

P A IN T IN G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R I N G 

A Complete Painting Service. In tenor, exterior. Prices you can ahold. 6*4 o764. 
I 

A. Garcia Painting Contractor. 
Free Est. Int Ext. 734-7844. 
GE RHAROTS 533-7149 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
Painting P apering, Sheetrock. 
Window Glass. Repairs, Budget 
Terms U U S Hackberry______ 
Paper Hongmg, Painting Work 
G uaranteed. R efe re n ces Fur-- nutted. Commercial and Residen­ tial Reasonable. Jack Williams 
344-7413. 

C E H ROOFING CO. We do the 
1ob right the first time New root*, root repairs of all types Free est. 
435-1o39_____________________ 
CLARK'S Rooting 8 Remodeling. 
Free Est 814-1332____________ 
G R A V E L SHINGLE Replace or 
Repair Stop Looks 333-1o8$ 
Rooting, good work at a good price. Free estimates 424-4414 
15 YRS. Experience on Composi­ tion or Gravel Root. R A M IR EZ . 

S E W IN G M A C H I N E 
R E P A I R S - S E R V IC E 

Guaranteed Repair Service. All 
Makes Free in shoo estimates. 
3523 West Ave., 344-9471 

Trailer, enclosed. 
5195 734-4o/5 

FAWCETT fURNiTURf 
416 Dolor avo 
227-6311 
We Pay More Cast! 

For m o i Good Piano 
That you are not using Please call Mr Leon at 223 4131 

• l i t t l e s p a c e 
I n t i l e r i g h t p l a c e 

TRY MEI 

 u haul, 4x4. 

Trailer, Utility One Wheel 
WPM Buat, *88 514-1444 
Very 

23" TV , block and white Mao navex homo e n te rtain m en t cantor 585 734 1)1o 
______ 
TV portable, war kine good. 5)5 
111 u*iS________________ _____ 
Two IBM Electfic Typewriters, I 
Desk 
M isc 
Fur® 
4118 
Naco^Pornn, 433-3773 
UNITED FR EIG H T EALES 
Ne I 
1o4 E LAM AR 
NO 2 
1o4U PERRIN B E IT EL 
Fine Furniture 
Fraction et re lfii 
USED H EAVY D U TY STORAGE 
Bldg terms free delivery 
/ e l l 71 

Express/NEWS mm ms 

Fhofia 225-1666 

Low prices high quality conc role work Coli anytime, Mr. Concrete. 
SE HARLA ESPANOL. 223 5667, 

C A R P E N T R Y 

A Carpenter in Need o1 Job* from Rooting to Foundation No 
Job Too Sm all! Free B it. A ll 
Wark Ouaranfoad 927 5824 
| 
A Complete Maintenance Service, 
C arp e n try , routine, a ll tv o c t . repairs, Price* you can afford f t ae EM 654 o166_____________ 
Additions, repairs, painlmp Frag estimates. 455 848). j 
All types carpentry work Also roofing, painting, satisfaction < vagrant##® 
No IM too small 
656 *571. j 
Quality coreentry work, 3o yr* experience Free Est All work 

C A R P E T S A L E S A 
S E R V I C E 

A l C lean in g S p ecia l 
L iv in g room, dining room, *22 5o 9x12 loose rugs 
*18 58. 
217 1986, 
213-8)83 
~ UNITED CA R PET SERVICE, 
714 1938 or lie 8146 

Will do babysitting in my home. 
!.fU< Witlmmo His 67* * I 

D IRT S A N D G R A V E L 
F I L L T O P S O IL 

AAA Gi od# lawn and garden dirt, 
7 day delly. DUGI TR U C K IN G 
CO 317-4248 anytime IH M on® 
JBL_____________________________________________ - 
A Barron All typos dlrt-sand- 
Ulurel Year IOU a del 415 6137, 
I 
ACTION D ELIV ER S FOR LESS 
M ONEY, 
534-1947 anytime 
911-6864 
] 
All typos'lirti sand, travel Jim 
,i nato id N„rtn*)de, 3411448 
A l rich l4PS4il, mixt® loom, son®, also town end oarden ter- hiller by loud Cow manure, any time, 117-4456, 
BELGIAN G A R D EN TO P S O IL 
Bos! Quality, olsu son® lop soil m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
435-9129, 411 1689. 
Dft-Topsoii Sand Grovei-Leam. 
(a r Hendrix Delivered 341-1449 
Good teosoil d o lly. 8 o m lp m 
4)4-4*14 
Even and weekends 
684 3861 
H FEST TOPSOIL 
________ M WW, 684-4194 
LAWN DIRT M AULED 
9 B 4 W N N f I 
Loading toman and sondy loam. below 4U on So mer sol Rd lo Hid den Volley. We also deliver SU, 
428 1)99 
NOW IS THE TIME To put vee# toble farm topsail on your lawn 
Delivery avail 684-UU 

Repairs 
Antique restoration 
Experienced and reasonable 
734-952$ 

Sptcialito in rich topsoil, sand ond grovel, 922-8438, 922-7116. 
Top Soil, G ro ve l D e live r ond 
Sproad 
NW and 
NE 
414-1194, 
411-4213 
Topsoil, travel. 
♦118454 

 sondy loam . sand, driveway malarial. 

TOP SOIL, SAND. G R A V E L 

F I R E A A B O W OOD 

Firewood bv truckload Sat®, del ond slocked tor >25, 914-6926 
GOOD WOOD: you boul. 148 carl. 
WO Deliver, 558, guaranteed lull cord 922-9641. 

. H A U L I N G A M O V IN G 

Haulm® and moving with pickup 
♦rack, 672-1888. 
I 
HAULING ANO DUMPING 
H o y I , ton trucks SII 1141 
Hauling, maying and trot trim mine, h a y I ' 1 tan truck, 471 3168 ! 
LIGHT HAULING ANO MOVING 
I piece ar house full 
Day or Nit* 
APT MOVING SPECIALITY 
___________ 656 3795__________ 

MOVING? 
COH 459 1879 

THE KST MOVING GO, 
Moving? College student, } years ex# . roes . Ii et estimate * Lance, 
696-849S otler 4:18 
M O VIN G. 9 years experience 

J A N I T O R I A L S E R V I C E 

Continental M aid A Jan itorial 
Service Homos, ettices, opts , 
6M-I7o9 or 65# 4481.___ 

L A N D S C A P I N G 

Clean lull, cut cmd level Tarde. 
538713c 

L A N D S C A P I N G 

WE H A V E P L E N T y 'o F LIV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
FO R 
S A L E 

L A W N C A R E 

Lawns mowed and trimmed t ilim u lii. 648 U H 

P A IN T IN G 

Arthur Pointing Contractor int 
Ext., Acouotic ceilings, 415-1148, 
Free Estimates. j 
HANDYM AN PAINT CO (Porn? mg Contr actor) 5178 Broadway, 
I I L **‘757 In* , rot letters 
N orth sid e 
P A IN T IN G with 
PRIDE 
Free Est 816 4574 
PAINTING end sheetrock repoir, trao estimates, 228-1871 
Pointing 15 yrs experience. Free 
Est. No 1ob to small Clean work 
513-8129 ar 226-9817.___________ 
P ER EZ 8 SONS PAINTING interiar-Exterier 
Free 
Est 
431-894) 
Rooting and P a in tin g . Fro o 
^*hmolO$M4j292l^^92^37^^ 

P L U M B I N G 

A Molter Plumber Repo rt and 
! rem odelin g 
C a ll 
R ic h a rd . 
7 ll-3616 Or 4)3-6669____________ J 

O I N PLUM BING, residential ’ and commercial repairs, froo os ; 
I ffff*****- Ce e s a m y. 
DO YOU N E E D A P LU M B E R ? 
Holiobto-Bonded tie 8791 
M ASTER P LU M B ER WITH LOW 
O V E R 
H E AD 
SIE 58 
Hr 
Lirentod-Bondod 433 3411_____ 

Plumbing Repairs, Remodeling 
Addition*. Reasonable, Froo Es! 
434-4489 

S H E E T R O C K 

Sheetrocking, Tape Float with 
A coustical Ceilin g M on te rrey 
Textone. 735-1841 
T a p in g -F lo a lin g -T e x to n e and 
Ar oushc o1 Reasonable. 514-oo8* 

T R E E S E R V I C E 

C o l, T rim , H aul T re e s 
F re e 
Estimates 
JESSIE 
432-7738 or 
432 6o76._____________________ 
Trees and shrubs, trimmed and cutdown Free Est 648 HIT 
I Trees cut, sprayed, hauled away 
I Col Detune $31-7816 
T R EES, 
H ED G ES 
Cut-Trlm-Haul 
DAVIS 711 U U F O L K ! 696-8894 
Trees trimmed cheap 
___________ 924-6916__________ 
Trees trimmed, topped remove 
H u m p s H o o tin g 774 )737 u lt 6 

TV R E P A I R S • R E N T A L S 

F R E E ESTIM ATES. 7 DAYS 
Honest I UM Prices, 926 o/9* 

Y A R D W O R K 

Com m ercial. R esidential le is deaning, hauling, trees trimmed 
9131115 
______________ 
Dependable Y ardm an, Flow er 
Beds, Light Haul, General dean- hjB, IM M il. 
Lawns, cut-trimmed vacuumed 
Call anytime, SII-M il. 
P ro fe ssio n a l y e rd w o rk , tre e trimming, fertilizing, londstap mg. tlower bods. sp ray in g el voids. reasonable prices. 
341 *414 

A*- tinswei your call las!! Sewer*. leo** taut els water healer* un* type repoir or new installation 
T e »us Plumbing C o , mr 
41 a 8 

P L O W I N G 
B U L L D O Z I N G 
E X C A V A T I N G 

C O S T O M G A R O E N f t O W I N G 
CALI 914 311? 
Trees, Lawns. Hedges, Ti>>- lo n d cleaning ond tool plowing, ond Hauled Reasonable 337 o74/ now JO equipment, any Mio ie® 
333-1788 

R E M O D E L I N G 

A Custom Rem odeling ond 
Designer S e tv 
S O T CO. 
124 7688 Atter >, 824 o794 

 individual with plenty et rotor tncee No lob Me big or small 

Will do yoraw ork. prices 648 3o7* 
Reasonable 

Y a rd w ork. S p ray in g , f r a t 
Trimming hauling 531.574) 

R O O F IN G 

Coalings tor ail roofs Guaranteed! workmanship Prices you can a f 
•fff ! r« oof >34 OU# 

You’ll be amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today’s 
Want Ads! 

Call 225-1666 

D O W N T O W N . 9:3' 
SUBURBAN: 9:3o 

 cummin 

Clearing the desk of leftover notes and quotes while rem em ­ bering that there are only five weeks rem aining in the NBA regular season... 

Most of us have forgotten about (or learned to live with) the late, great energy crisis but many schools in the 
Southwest Conference hav en 't. At least two schools. TCC and Baylor. have announced that all their home games in 77 will be during the day. 
Baylor’s games will start at either 1:3o or 4 p.m . and 
TCU’s contests will begin at either 2 or 4 p.m. Baylor, by the way, plays seven games at home this season. The g am e o rig in a lly scheduled at SMC has been moved to 
Waco because it was slated for O d. 8, same day as the annual Texas-Okla- homa bash in Dallas. SMU officials figured they would get a bigger crowd in Waco than in Dallas on that day... did you know that 
Doug Moo and 
George Karl of the Spurs are urging 
Burbank's Gilbert Salinas to sign a scholarship with Florida? The North 
Carolina grads have an old buddy, former assistant at NC, who is head coach at Florida... 

The NBA has made an agreement with 
Sport Magazine to publish a magazine, called NBA Annual, start­ ing next season... 
John llavlicck of the Celtics has scored over 1,ooo for 15 straight seasons... 
CT-Arlington is extrem ely high on its two schoolboy recruits from 
S.A. this season — 
Tony Felder of Jay and 
David 
Buchhorn of 
Cee... a total of 1,38o yearlings have been nominated for the 
1978 All-American Futurity at Ruido­ so Downs... for attendance reasons, the Spurs probably would prefer to play Saturday or Sunday instead of 
Tuesday. But in 14 
Tuesday night games this season, the Spurs own a remarkable 12-2 record. Next best d a y is Sunday, when the Spurs are 7-4 
\ 
Moving right along 

The Spur Television Network now takes in more than HO,IKM) square miles in Texas... It’s a credit to this so-called 
“ bad m arket’’ that the Spurs have been on CBS six times, with a seventh tube outing due on Mar. 13. Only 
Philly has been on CBS m ore, and third on tube list is New Orleans — only because of Pete Maravich, sure­ ly... winner of the Sunday School Ath­ letic Association's senior buys’ bas­ ketball title in S.A. was Colonial Hills 
United Methodist Church... one of tho top young net prospects on the local scene is Jon Massari, a freshman at 
Churchill. He is ranked seventh in his age group in the state and, along with a 
Dallas player, is ranked No. ll) in the 
LL S. in doubles... 
A&M’s annual 
Maroon-White grid game is scheduled 
April 23... 

Howard Payne is depending heavily on 
S.A. recruits in football. Seven local schoolboys signed recently with that school... continuing to set school records in swimming at Columbia I . is fo rm e r 
S .A. schoolboy Don 
Spencer... wonder what kind of prob­ lems the 
New York knicks have? 
Look at what 
Boston's Jo Jo Whit** says: “ New York has enough players who want to win but their egos get in the way"... insiders at AfcM say the 
Aggies had their best recruiting sea­ son ever this year. Says Emory Bol­ lard: “This group has an aw fill lot of speed. They can really run. There is only one who hasn t been tim ed in under 5.o seconds, and he’s H-H and weighs 28o“ ... 15 of the players on the 
St. Mary's baseball roster are local products. Three are from Eagle Pass and three from Chicago... 

And finally... 

Speaker at tomorrow's Spur Tipoff 
Club luncheon ut Pearl is Phoenix 
(b ach John MacLeod, who w as coached in high school by Trinity's 
Pete Murphy... when Cleveland s Jim 
Brewer missed the Feb. 15 game at 
Portland because of the flu, it was ins first 
NBA contest to ever miss. Ile bad played in 298 straight. The current longest streaks in the league are by 
Boston's Jo Jo White and 
Buffalo’s 
Randy Sm ith, both w ith over 4oo s tra ig h t... the longest hole-m -one scored in this country by a woman last year was a 221 «yarder. But the longest by a fem a le in histo ry w as a 
393-yarder... 

Suns 
G eorge Tech cage coat Ii 
Duane Morrison: 
“ Everywhere I go people are talking about Georgia Tech basketball. Of course*, I only go places where there is some interest in Geor­ gia Tech and b a s k e tb a ll’’.., says 
Fordham coach 
Dick Stewart: 
“ We’re so small that when we stand up to greet players coining out of the g am e , nobody y e lls, 
‘Down in front*!’’.., on 
Idaho’s 
12-man tra v e lin g sq u ad , th e re a re seven freshm en and one walk-on... major* college schools have built 82 new bas­ ketball arenas in the l a s t lo years, and 
39 per cent of those buildings seat more than lo.OOO At 
Kentucky this season, average attendance is 22.885 . and, 11 n a 11 > 
McNecse St, center 
( huck Doleful stem s lo know more about the opposing team s offense than the opposing p lay ers. In a g am e against Lamar, the McNecse center told the Lamar t enter, "You’re sup­ posed to Im* stacked up on the other side ” The Lamar center said thanks, moved to the other side took a qui* k pass scored — aud L am ar won by tour* 

 in sooey-cide battle 

KANSAS CITY (AP) - Southwest Confer­ ence cham pion A rkansas w ill tangle with 
Wake Forest in the NCAA basketball Diur­ nally Saturday at Norman, Okla., it was an­ nounced Sunday. 

W ake F o rest was one of 14 at-large selections named Sunday by the NCAA. Notre Dame, Marquette and Nevada-Las Vegas were among those making the tournament. 
Wake Forest finished runnerup in the Atlantic Coast 
Conference and appeared in the Top 2o all season. 

The NCAA selection committee also made room for a Southeastern Conference team among its at-large berths—either Kentucky or Tennesee, depending on who wins the SEC championship. 
If the team s finish in a tie Monday night, as ex­ pected, then Tennessee will represent the S E C in the 
Mideast Regionals while Kentucky, which lost to the 
Cols twice this season, will gain an at-large berth. 
Purdue, the next eligible team in the Big IO behind conference champion Michigan, was also awarded an at-large berth, as were Louisville of the Metro-7 Con­ ference and Arizona of the Western Athletic Confer­ ence. 
NCAA payoff schedule 

Saturday, March 12 
First Round 
All Times CST 
East Regional 
At Raleigh. N.C. 
VMI, 25-3. vs. Duquesne, 15-14. 
6:o7 p.m. 
North C aro lin a. 24-4, vs. 
Purdue, 19-8, 8:37 p.m. 
At Philadelphia 
P rin c e to n . 
21-4, vs. 
SEC r u n n e ru p —K entucky or T e n ­ nessee. 6:o7 p.m. 
Hofstra, 23-6, vs. Notre Dame, 
2o-6. 8:37 p.m. 

West Regional 
At Pocatello, Idaho 
I t LA, 23-4, vs L ouisville, 
21-6. 3:15 p.m., national TV. 
Long Beach St., 21-7. vs. Idaho 
State. 23-4, 5:37 p.m. 
At Tucson, Ariz. 
Utah, 21-6, vs St. .John’s, N.Y., 
21-9. 2:37 p.m. 
San Francisco, 29-1. vs. Neva­ da-Las Vegas, 25-2. 5:15 p.m ., regional TV. 

Midwest Regional 
At Omaha 
C in cin n a ti, 25-4. vs. M a r­ quette. 2o-7, 1:15 p.m., regional 
TV. 
Southern Illinois, 23-7, vs. Ari­ zona. 21-5, 3:37 p.m. 
At Norman. Okla. 
Kansas State, 22-7, vs. Provi­ dence, 24-4, 8:37 p.m. 
Arkansas, 28*1, vs. Wake For­ est, 2o*7, 8:o7 p.m. 

Sunday, March 13 
Mideast Regional 
At Bloomington, Ind. 
Michigan. 24*3, vs. Holy Cross, 
23-5. 12:45 p m,, national TV. 
MAC ch am pion vs, N Caro* 
Charlotte, 23-3. 3:o7 p.m. 
At Baton Rouge 
M iddle T e n n e sse e , 2o-8, vs 
Detroit, 24-3, 12:o7 p.m. 
SEC cham pion vs. Syracuse, 
25-3, 2:45 p.m., national TV 

Bruton 

Arm full of N u g g ets 
\ V 
John Havlicek of Boston is fouled by D enver’s Bobby 
Jones during Sunday action. Celtics won in overtim e, 

 ars land in NIT 

NEW YORK (A P ) - The 
University of Houston Cougars will host Indiana State in a Na­ tional Invitation T ou rn am ent playoff W ednesday, it was an­ nounced Sunday. 

The 
16-team field in c lu d es 
12th-ranked Alabama. 
There will be no byes and all eight first-round games are scheduled to In* played o utside New Y ork City on 
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. 
The eight first-round winners will come to New York’s Madison Square 
Garden for the quarter-finals March 
14-15. The semifinals are scheduled for 
March 17 with the championship game 

 the afternoon of Sunday, March 2o. 
The initial round of games marks a departure from previous years, when all NIT games were held in N<*w York. 
This year m arks tin* 4oth edition of the n a tio n ’s oldest po stseason basketball tournament. 
The NIT had announced its intention to hold first-round gam es on neutral c o u rts, w h e rev e r po ssib le, but 
Creighton, Houston, Virginia Tech, 
Oral Roberts and Old Dominion will be playing on their home courts while 
Alabama, Rutgers and Massachusetts will be playing near their campuses. 
Houston, ViUanova, Old Dominion and Seton Hall missed out on NCAA berths over the weekend by losing playoff games to Arkanas, Duquesne, 
Syracuse and St, John's, respectively. 

N IT schedule 
First Round 
Tuesday, March 8 
At Omaha 
Illinois 
S ta te . 
2o*8, vs. 
Creighton, 21-6 
Wednesday, March 9 
At Houston 
Indiana State, 25-2, vs. Hous­ ton. 26-7 
At Blacksburg, Va. 
G eorgetow n, D.C., 19*8, vs. 
Virginia Tech, 18*9 
At Tulsa 
Oregon, 18-9, vs. Oral Roberts, 

21-6 
At Nofolk, Va. 
V illenova, 18-8, vs. Old Do­ minion. 25*3 
Thursday. March IO 
At Birmingham, Ala. 
Memphis State, 2o-8, \ s. Ala­ bama, 22-4 
At Princeton, N.J. 
St, B o n a v e n tu re , 2o-6, vs. 
Rutgers 18-8 
At Springfield, Mass, 
Seton Hall, 17-8, vs. M assa­ chusetts, 16-9 
Boo birds 

By MIKE BKI TON 
O f Tnt UPJO SS STAM 

The 1977 San Antonio Regional 
Holden G loves Boxing Tourna­ ment ca m e to an excitin g end late Saturday night at Municipal 
Auditorium with three boxoffs for berths to the state tourney. 

Bul it was the second of those three elimination bouts that drew the most atten tio n from the 2,378 fans who viewtsl the the thud night of the event. 
. - 
Sam m y Ayala, d e ­ fending state feather­ weight champion and national semifinalist, had to rally in the lat­ ter part of the match to sco re a split d e ­ cision over the West­ sid e YM CA’s David 
Pastran. 
P a s tr a n showed command in the first round and as the Inuit progressed his blows connected more frequently At leu^t three times in the second round the crowd m urm ured when Ayala’s head snapped back from Fusti an s punches, 
Ayala was hitting Pastran regularly also. executing swift, crisp combos, particularly in the second round. 
Sensing the closeness of the bout, 
Ayala came out in the third round with pronounced aggressiveness and scored a ( l o s e decision which brought a few 

WILLIS REED 
. . wants the job 

Easy to 
Reed 

See BDD. Page SD 

NEW YORK (A P) — Willis Reed is the favorite to succeed 
Red Hoizman as coach of the New York Knicks, and make no m istake about it — he wants the job. 

"I expect to be coaching next year*” says the former Knicks center and captain of their 1979 arid 1973 championship teams, “and I would most like to coach in New York. I've had discussions with Buffalo, but the Knicks are my love, I ve spent loo much of my life here, 
“ I hope that given all the things Willis Reed has leadership ability as a player, management will think Ii job " 
Top officials of the National Basketball Association team be considered — but so will others, 
“ Willis has to be un obvious candidate," said Knicks* President Mike 
Burke, “ but that doesn't mean he’s the only candidate We have to look over all our options and decide which way is hest to go." 
Burke and Knicks General Manager Eddie Donovan said the Knicks have set no standards of age or experience for measuring candidates to succeed 
Hoizman. whose retirem ent after IO years as coach at the d o se of the current season was announced saturday. 

-loud for, such as 
■ is the man lei* tin* 

*ay Reed will 

“ We want a coach who can win,” said Burke "Age am only two factors involved." 
“ W e ll look ut current NBA couches and assistants whoa run uuL " said Donovan, " W e ’ll look ut ex-coaches, colli ex-players we won t exclude anybody." 
The Knicks' timetable calls for a coach to is panted us > 
DU*,* said Burke, “ preferably before the end of the season expects lo know one was or another, within two week-* 

Heed the ftopular 8*foot»tU venter who captained the Kmek* in I97U and 1973. ha> dune no coaching since he retired in 1974 that should not be held against him, 
“ Ever)thine - suit fresh in my mind about what Red wan: and that’s when he was the greatest coach til the game amt we team ," said Heed “That's the way I want to keep it.14 * 

Nan A n to n io 
Express 
Fights behind 

SPO RTS 

K och p ock ets 
8 4 o ,o o o , P age 6D 

Bobinson 

Page 
I -D 
Monday March 7 1977 

M ostly day gam es in ’7 7 in SWC 
Wake Forest 

 jerfv.* r%t m v. 

Poge 
2-D 
H 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 7 1977 
Sp orts C alen d ar 

M O N D A Y 
College B a se b all: San Antonio College vs. 
Bl inn (2), I 3o p.m., New Braun fels H igh School. 
Sam Houston at Pan A m erican, Ed in b u rg , 7 
D.m. 
College Tennis: St. M ary's m en and wom en at 
Southwest Te*as, San M arcos, 2 D.m. 
C o lle ge G o lf: San Antonio C o lle ge of San 
Jacin to Tournament, Pasad ena, I p.m. 

T U E S D A Y 
Pro Basketball: Spur Tipoff Club Luncheon, 
Pe a rl Je rs e y Lilly Room, noon. G u est speaker will be Jo h n M acLeod, coach of the Phoenix 
Suns. Admission $5 for non m em bers. 
Spurs vs 
Phoenix Suns, Convention C enter 
Arena, 7. JO n rn. 
College Tennis: A rkan sas vs. T rin ity m en. 
Trinity Tennis Stadium , 2 p.m. 
College Base ball: SI. M a ry s at B o vlo r (2), 
Waco. I p rn 
Northern Iowa at P a n A m erican , 
Edinburg, ‘ p rn. M orningside at P an A m erican , 
Edinburg, / p rn. 
College Golf 
Texas Lutheran Invitational, 
Starcke Park 
Seguin, I IS p m. 
San Antonio 
College at San Jacinto Tournam ent. Pa sad e n a I 
D.m. 

W E D N E S D A Y 
W restling: M unicipal Auditorium , 8:3o p m. 
Co main events 
H arley R a re vs B lack Gord mon, Jo se Lothario vs. G re a t G oliath. O ther bouts. B ru ise r B ro d y vs. Cien C a ra s , Scott 
Casey vs. Butcher Brann igan, Iron Sheik vs. 
Moon Dog Mavne. 
College Baseball: M orningside at P a n A m e r­ ican, Ed m o'ira 7 p m 

T H U R S D A Y 
P r o B a s k e t b a l l: 
S p u r s vs. 
C le v e la n d 
Cavaliers, Convention Center A rena, 2:3o p m. 
College Tennis: 
M iam i, F ie ., vs. T rin ity men, Trinity Tennis Stadium , 2 p m 
Texas 
A&l women at Texos Lutheran, Seguin 

Trinity Tennis Stadium , I p m. 
P ro T e n n is: W o rld C h am p io n sh ip T en n is, 
Lak ew ay W orld of Tennis, 12:3o p.m. P a irin g s : 
Wojtek Fioak vs. Ken Rosew all, Hie N astase vs. 
Bill Scam on 
College Base b all: M ankato State at St. M a r y ’s,3 p m. Trin ity at Huston-Tillotson (2), Austin, 1:3o p.m. A rkan sas State at P a n A m e rica n . E d in ­ burg, 7 p m 
College T ra c k : 
Southwest Texas Invitation al. E v a n s Stadium , San M arcos. Field events at 2 p m . and running events at 2:3o p m. 
Men s, entries include SW T, A H I, Angelo State, 
P a n A m e ric a n and San Ja c in to . W o m e n 's team s will be SW T , A A I. TLC , and Tarleton. 

F R ID A Y 
Colle ge T e nn is: T rin ity women vs. L a m a r, 
Trinity Tennis Stadium , 2 p m. 
San Antonio 
College m en and wom en a l San Ja c in to T our­ nament, Pasad ena. 
P ro T e n n is: W o rld C h am p io n sh ip T en n is, 
Lak ew ay W orld of Tennis, 12:3o p m. P a irin g s: 
Eddie Didos v s Cliff D rysdale. A driano P a n s tta vs V iiav A m ritraj. 
College Base b all: Sam Houston at P a n A m e r­ ican, Edinburg, 7 p.m. 
College Golf: St. M a ry's, Texos Lu th e ran , St. 
Ed w ard s in trian g u lar meet, Austin, 12:3o p.m. 

S A T U R D A Y 
College Tennis: T rin ity men vs. S M U , T rin ity 
Tennis Stadium , 2 p.m. 
Southwest Texas men and women at M idland College, M idland, 9 a rn. 
San Antonio College men and wom en at Son 
Jacin to Tournam ent, Pasad ena. 
P ro T e n n is: W o rld C h am p io n sh ip T e n n is, 
Lak ew ay W orld of Tennis, 11 a m. Tw o q u a rte r­ final matches. 
College B ase b all: Abilene C h ristian at T rin ity 
(2), 1:3o p.m. 
John Brow n of T e xas Lu th e ran 
*2 ), I p.m. 
N orthern Iow a at P an A m e ric a n , 
E dinburg, 5 p m. M o rn in gsid e ot P o n A m e ric an , 
Edin b u rg, 7 p m. 
. Bow ling: Goliad Lanes, I p m . and 5 p m. 
!89 and Under Tournam ent, Southside Lan es, 3 p.m., 5 p.m , 7 p m. Texas Tenpin Tournam ent, 
Highland Social Club, 12:15 p.m. 

BUCKS1 SWEN NATER, right, has shot blocked by Kings* 
Scott Wedman during Sunday’s game 
AP w ir e p h o t o 

GUESS WHAT? t A FREI GIFT \ 
& 
NO OBLIGATION NECESSARY 
£ 

. ■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
- 
' C 
O 
U 
P 
O 
N 
" * 
* 
* 
- 
! j n J 
FREE POUCH OF 
In c! 
CUSTOM BLENDED 
TOBACCO 
I u OPEN ■ 
.EVENINGS. 

U 
| 
? ! CENTRAL 
» ' PARK 
© I mall 
„ , 
" 1 349-77o8 
3 7 1 " 

LIMIT ONE COUPON PER FAMILY PLEASE 
( I 

- ■ mm m 
■■ ta©1Pm m m i i J m i m m a mm m 

C O S I 

Bulls strike' 
OAKLAND (A P) - 
Guard John Mengelt sank six free throws in the final four minutes to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 94-86 National Basket- ball Association victory over the Golden State 
Warriors Sunday, the 
Bulls’ seventh straight triumph. 

C H IC A G O (94): M 
Johnson 5 
4 5 14, M ay 11 1 2 23, G ilm ore 4 7 9 
15. Holland ll 6 7 28, Van Lier OOO 
o, Mengelt 3 6 6 12, Bo crw in k lc I 
OO 2, Pondexter o o o o. Totals 35 
24 29 94 
G O L D E N S T A T E (86): B a r r y 8 
O O 16. W ilkes 8 o o 16. R o y I O O 2, 
Sm ith 9 o o 18, W iLUam s 2 o o 4, 
P a ris h 2 1 1 5 , P a r k e r 5 O O IO, 
Dudley 6 3-3 15, C. Johnson o O O o 
Totals 41 4 4 86 

C h icago 
2o 21 25 28— 94 
Golden State 
2o 2o 26 2o— 86 
F o u le d out — N o n e . 
T o ta l tools -Chicago 15, G olden Sla te 
25 A — 11,126 

X R A S t a n d i n g s 

KASTE R N CON F E R EN C E 
Portland 
39 26 
6oo 
I Vi 

Atlantic Division 
Colden State 
37 29 .561 
4 

W 
I. 
Pct, 
C B 
Seattle 
31 34 .477 
9*2 
Philadelphia 
37 25 
.597 
— 
Phoenix 
26 37 .413 13*2 
Boston 
33 31 
.516 
5 
Saturday’s Games 

New York Knicks 
29 35 
.453 
9 
Houston 119. Milwaukee 1o6 
Buffalo 
24 4o 
.375 
14 
Philadelphia 117, New York Knicks 
New York Nets 
2o 45 
.3o8 
ISI 2 
114 

Central Division 
San (Antonio 12o, Buffalo 1o9 

Washington 
39 25 
.6o9 
— 
Washington 117, New Orleans 1o5 
Houston 
36 26 
.581 
•j 
Indiana 118, Detroit 96 

San Antonio 
36 28 
.563 
3 
Portland 134, Seattle 1o4 
Cleveland 
33 28 
.541 
4i2 
Sunday’s Games 

New Orleans 
26 38 
.4o6 J J 
Boston 112, Denver 11o 
Atlanta 
26 39 
.4oo 
LB 2 
New York Knicks 11o, Philadelphia 

W ESTERN C O N FEREN C E 

Midwest Division 

1o2 
Washington 118, Phoenix 116 
Denver 
41 22 .651 
— 
Kansas City 1o9, Milwaukee 1o8 
Detroit 
38 28 .576 
412 
Houston 99, New York Nets 91 
Kansas City 
33 31 
.516 kl 2 
Chicago 94, Golden State 84 
Chicago 
31 34 .477 ll 
Detroit 115, Atlanta 1o5 
Indiana 
3o 35 .462 
12 
Indiana HO. New Orleans 1o6 
Milwaukee 
21 46 .313 
•>*> 
Los Angeles 1o4, Cleveland 99 

Pacific Division 
Monday’s Games 

Los Angeles 
4o 24 .625 
— 
Houston at Buffalo 

 inSETSof4!lP 

E 78-14 
F 78-14 
G 78-14 
H 78-14 
G 78-15 
H 78-15 
J 78-15 
L 78-15 

.. 
9o.2o 
.. 94.4o 
.. 
97.oo 
.. 1o3.4o 
.. 1oo.oo 
.. 1o5.6o 
.. 1o8.4o 
. .11o.8o 

ER 78-14. 
FR 78-14. 
GR 78-14. 
HR 78-14. 
GR 78-15. 
HR 78-15. 
JR 78-15. 
LR 78-15. 

136.8o 
139.oo 
143.6o 
154.8o 
145.oo 
157.4o 
163.6o 
164.6o 

& 

° v* * o P 

E 78-14.. 
F 78-14.. 
G 78-14.. 
H 78-14.. 
G 78-15.. 
H 78-15.. 
J 78-15 .. 
L 78-15 .. 

88.o8 
95.o4 
99.o4 
1o6.96 
1o2.oo 
1o8.96 
112.96 
117.84 

ER 78-14.. . 126.8o 
FR 78-14.. . 136.8o 
GR 78-14.. . 142.4o 
HR 78-14.. . 153.8o 
GR 78-15.. . 146.8o 
HR 78-15.. . 156.8o 
JR 78-15.. . 162.4o 
LR 78-15.. . 169.6o 

Celtics hang on 

BOSTON (AP) - Ke­ vin Stacom and John 
Havlicek both connected on three-point plays late in an overtime period to lead the Boston Celtics to a 112-11o virtory over the 
Denver Nuggets in a re­ gionally televised Na­ tional Basketball Asso­ ciation contest Sunday. 
Stacom hit his three- pointer with 2:12 remain­ ing to give Boston a 
1o9-1o6 lead, then Havli­ cek netted his three after 
Jim Price got a field goal for 
Denver. 

D E N V E R (H O ): Jo n es I 2 2 4, 
Thompson 8 8 I) 24, W ebster 2 3 5 
J, M cClain 5 O O IO. P ric e 4 14 9, 
Issei 8 3 5 '9. C alvin 5 4 8 14, Silas 
3 11 ll I J. W ise 2 2 3 6, Beck o o o o. 
Totals 38 34 49 HO 
B O S T O N (112): Sounder* I OO 
2, Rowe 2 4 5 8. Cowons 9 3 4 21, 
W hile 9 9 IO 22. H avlicek / / 9 21, 
Wicks 2 oo 14. K uberskl 2 o o 4, 
Slacom 5 l l ll. Bosw ell 2 OO 4, 
Wilson o o o o Totals 44 24 79 112 
Denver 
22 33 24 I* IO— I IO 
Boston 
29 2 6 2 2 2 3 1 2-112 
Fouled o u i— Jo n e s, Sou n d ers, 
W ick s Total touts — D e n v e r 22, 
B o s to n 
34. 
T ech n ical*— T nompson, Cowen*, 
Boston 
Coach 
Vtemsohn. 
A —15,o4o 

KANSAS CITY (AP) - 
Scott Wedman scored the final four points and 
Brian Taylor stole the ball with four seconds remaining to spark the 
Kansas City Kings to a 
1o9-1o8 victory over the 
Milwaukee Bucks in Na­ tional Basketball Asso­ ciation action Sunday. 
M I L W A U K E E 
(1 o 8 ): 
D o n dridoe ll OO 22, M eyers 5 8 11 18, 
N oter 7 O O 14. B u ck n e r 3 o o 6, 
W in ters 7 I 2 IS, G o rie r 3 17 7, 
Restoni 2 o-o 4, Bridgem an 9 o o 
18, G arrett 2 O O 41 W alfon o o o o, 
Lloyd o o o o. Totals 49 IO 15 1o8 
K A N S A S C IT Y (1 o 9 ): R o b in zine 4 6 6 14, W ed m an 7 2 7 16, 
L a c e y 5 5 8 15. Boone 7 l l 15, 
Taylor 9 11 19. B a rr 7 o o 4. W a shington 6 1-2 13, Eak in s I OO 2, 
Johnson 4 2 2 IO, Hansen o 1-2 I 
Totals 45 19 24 1o9 
M ilw aukee 
23 32 21 32— 1o8 
K a n s a s City 
34 27 21 27— 1o9 
F o u le d o u i — M e y e r s . T o ta l fouls—M ilw aukee 25, Kansas C liv 
22. A — I ' «8? 
P isto n s hit 
DETROIT 
(A P) 
- 
Marvin Barnes topped seven Detroit players who scored in double fi­ gures Sunday night as the in-jury-riddled Pis­ tons snapped a three- game National Basket­ ball Association losing streak by beating the At­ lanta Hawks 115-1o5. 

A T L A N T A (1o5): Robinson 8 2 2 
18, Drew 14 8-11 36, M erriw eolh er 
4 12 9, Hill 2 4 4 8, C harles 3 23 8, 
H awes 5 7-9 17, Hudson I 3 4 5, J. 
Brow n I O O 2, Sojourner 1o o 2. 
Totals 39 27 35 1o5 
D E T R O IT (115): C arr 6 4 4 16, 
H Porter 7 3-4 17, Douglas 5 o o 1o, 
Ford 6 2 2 14, K Porter 6 O O 12, 
Barnes 8 7 IO 23, Sim pson 6 5 6 17, 
R Brow n o O O o, Sellers 3 o o 6. 
Totals 47 21 26 115. 
Atlanta 
28 22 33 22— 1o5 
Detroit 
29 26 32 28— ll ! 
Total fouls—Atlanta 74, Detroit 
26. 
F o u le d out — N o n e 
Technicals— Robinson, K. Porter. 
A — 5,269. 
Saturday*** late 
MBA boxes 

D E T R O IT (96): C orr 2 4 7 8, H 
Porter ll oo 27. Doualos 5 12 ll, 
V 
P o rte r 1 o o 2, F o rd 3 o o 6, 
Barnes 2 O O 4, Sim pson IO 3 6 73, 
Money 1o o 2, E b e rh a rd 1o o 2. 
B ro w n 1o o 2, S e lle rs 6 2 3 14 
Totals 43 IO 19 o6. 
IN D IA N A (1 )8 ): H illm an 4 33 
11. Knight 
9 4 
5 22, Robisch 6 
I I 
13, Buse 7 
3 4 
7. W illiam son 5 
2 2 
12. Flyn n 
IO 3 
5 23, Jo n es 5 O O 
IO, 
Bennett 1 
o o 
2, G re e n 7 7 J 
16. 
Anderson I O O 2 Totals 5o 18 73 
118 
Detroit 
25 27 16 28— 96 
Indiana 
26 3o 28 34— 118 
F o u le d out — N o n e 
T o ta l fousl—Detroit 
22. 
Indiana 
24. 
A — 12,136. 

N E W 
O R L E A N S 
(1 o 5 ): 
Coleman 6 O I 12. Stallworth I O O 
7, Moo re 3 OO 6, H ow ard 5 1-7 ll, 
Mc E lro y 14 4 4 32, W illiam s 8 I I 
17, Griffin I OO 2, Behagen 1 2 2 4, 
K e lle y 4 5-5 13, Ja m e s 3 o o 6 
Totals 46 13 16 1o5. 
W A S H IN G T O N (117): G re ve v 4 
o 2 8. H aves 6 4 5 16, Unseld 3 4 4 
IO, Chenier 12 6 6 3o, Henderson 3 
o I 6. Kupchak 9 2 2 2o, W right IO 
o o 2o, G ra y 3 o 1 6, W eiss o O O o, 
P a ce o 13 I. Totals 5o 17-24 117 
New O rle an s 
32 18 2$ JO— 1o5 
W ashington 
27 37 24 29— 117 
F o u le d o u i — N o n e 
T o ta l fouls—New O rle an s 23, W ashing ton 21 A — 11,66o 

S E A T T L E (1o4): Seale* I O O 2, 
W ealherspoon 6 17 13, Burleson 5 
2-2 12, Brow n o o o o. W atts 9 I 3 19, 
L o ve I 2-2 4. N o rw oo d 4 o o 8, 
W ilkerson 5 5 6 15, G reen o o o o, 
Johnson 3 4 4 IO, Oley nick 2 4 5 8, 
Tolson S 3 4 13. Totals 41 27 28 1o4 
P O R T L A N D (134): G ross 2 2 7 
6. L u ca s 4 13 9, Jo n e s 4 6 8 14, 
Hollins 6 oo 12, Twardzik 6 16 17 
78, Neal 5 4 5 14, G illiam 8 6 IO 27, 
Steele 6 68 18, D avis 7 o o 4, Cal boun o 3 4 3, W alker I 2 3 4 Totals 
44 46 6o 134. 
Seattle 
2o 15 37 32— 1o4 
Portland 
35 28 24 47— 134 
F o u le d out — Jo h n s o n . T o ta l 
3fouls— Se attle 37, P o rtla n d 78 
Techn ical—Burleson A —12,779 

P H IL A D E L P H IA (117): E rv in g 
17 J 9 28. M cG in nis 8 4 4 7o, Jo n es 
o a o o. Bibb y 7 5 7 9. Collins 9 6 7 
24, Mix 4 7 7 IO, D aw kins J o o 6. 
Fre e 7 6 8 7o. Totals 45 77 37 1 17 
N E W Y O R K (114): Hayw ood 8 
7 7 18, Shelton 4 2 7 IO. M cAdoo 17 
9 12 43, Fraz ier 6 4 5 16, M onroe 8 
3 4 19, Mc M illen o O O o. B e ard OOO 
o. Jackson I O O 2, M em m ger o O O 
o Toto!* 46 22 27 I U 
Philadelphia 
22 35 38 22— 117 
New Y o rk 
25 32 23 34— 114 
F o u le d o u t — S h e lto n . T o ta l fouls—Philad elphia 27, New York 
Technicals —H ay wood, Biooy. 
A — 19.694 

Suns fall to Bullets 

LANDOVER, Md. (AP) - Phil Chenier scored a season-high 38 points to pace the 
Washington Bullets to a 118-11o National 
Basketball Association victory over the 
Phoenix Suns Sunday. 

The 6-foot-3 Chenier connected on 16 of 24 shots. 
The All-Star guard had 3o points in Saturday night’s victory over New Orleans and 21 in a Friday night loss at Atlanta . 
Chenier didn’t waste any time getting in the groove, sinking his first four shots as the Bullets broke on top 22-12. He had 15 points in the first quarter, which ended with Washington in front 37-28. 

P H O E N IX (11o): Adam s 116 11 78, T Van A rsd alc 1 2 2 4, A w trv J 
3 3 9. Sobers 14 4 6 32, W estphal 5 o 1 IO. Le e o 17 1. E ric k s o n 4 2 2 IO. 
Terrell 3 3 4 9. Schlueter o O O o, D Von A rsd ale 3 1 3 7 Totals 44 22 34 
11o. 
W A S H IN G T O N (118): G re ve v 7 4 8 18, H aves 7 9 ll 23. Unseld 2 o 14, 
Chenier 16 A 7 38, Henderson o o o o. K upchak 6 6 6 18. W righ t 4 2 2 IO, 
G ra y I 12 3, W eiss I o o 2. Riordan o O O o, P a c e 1o o 2 Totals 45 28 37 

Phoenix 
28 24 3o 2 8 -1 1 o 
W ashington 
37 38 18 25— 118 
F o u le d out —A d a m s, U n s e ld , G r a y . T o ta l F o u ls — P h o e n ix 29. 
Wosmngton 28. Technic a ls —H aves, Phoenix Coach M a c L e o d . G ra y . 
Washington Cooch Motto A — 14,189 
Rockets soar 

UNIONDALE, N.Y. (AP) — Center Moses Malone scored 17 points, grabbed 21 rebounds and blocked seven shots Sunday to lead the Houston Rockets to a 
99-91 National Basketball Association victory over the New York Nets. 
Rudy Tomjanovich led the Rockets with 24 points and Mike Newlin scored 18 as Houston dealt the Nets their fifth straight home-court loss. 
Bubbles Hawkins topped New York with 25 points and Jan van Breda Kolff scored 24. 

H O U S T O N (99): M alone 8 I 2 17. Tom tanovich IO 4 4 24, K unn ert ? 
OO 4, Lucas 6 7 4 14, M urph y 6 o o 12, Jo n e s I OO 7, N ew lin 9 o 7 18, 
Johnson I O O 2. Kennedy 3 O O 6. Totals 46 7 17 99 
N E W Y O R K (91): von Bre d a Kolff 9 6 6 24, Bassett 3 o o 6. H uahes o o o o. W ohl 3 o o 6. 
Skinner 8 7 4 18, H aw kins 9 / 8 25. Bantom 3 3-3 8, Fox 2 O O 4, D avis o 
o o o, T erry o O O o. Totals 37 1/ 2o 91 
Houston 
17 27 27 2 8 -9 9 
N ew Y o rk 
21 19 2o 31 -9 1 
Fouled out—None. Total fouls—Houston 24. N ew York 18 A —8,677. 
Pacers, 11o-1o6 

NEW ORLEANS (AP) - Clutch frce-throw shoot­ ing by Billy Knight helped the Indiana Pacers to a 
11o-1o6 victory over the New Orleans Jazz in 
National Basketball Association play Sunday night. 
Indiana trailed most of the game but tied it 1oo-1oo with 1:55 left. Knight broke the tie with two free throws and got two more lith eight seconds left to make it 11o-1o6. 

 indiono )11o): G reen oo oo. Knight 8 4 4 2o, Robisch 6 5 7 1/, Bu se I o 2 
7, W lliomson 115 / ?/, Flyn n 5 o o 1o. H illm an 8 o o 16. Jo n e s 4 6 7 14. 
Bennett 2 o o 4 Totals 45 2o 27 I IO. 
N E W O R L E A N S (1o6): Colem an 8 6 6 22, S t a llio n s 3 2 2 8, M oore 2 
o I 4, M c E lro v 8 3 4 19. H ow ord 1o 18, W illiam s ll o o 22. K elley 3 4 5 
IO, G riffin 5 3 3 13, Ja m e s o o o o Totals 44 18 77 1o6 
Indiana 
24 27 27 3 2 -1 1 o 
N ew O rle an s 
26 25 28 27— 1o6 
Total fouls— Indiana 
18. 
New 
O rle an s 
2o 
Fouled out— None 
A — 13,113. 
Knicks roll 

PHILADELPHIA (AP) 
— Earl Monroe scored 27 of his 31 points in the first half as the New 
York Knicks downed the 
Philadelphia 
76ers 
11o-1o2 Sunday in a Na­ tional Basketball Asso­ ciation game. 
The Knicks led from 
4:2o of the first period when Monroe put them ahead on a layup. 18-16. 
Monroe scored 
16 points in the first period and ll in the second, as the Knicks built a 64-48 

N E W Y O R K (11o): Shelton J 3 5 
7, Haywood 3 12 7, M cAdoo 1o9 12 
29, Frazier 8 4 4 2o, M onroe 12 7 7 
JI, M cM illan o o o o, Ja ck so n 4 O O 
8, B e ard o 2 2 7, B ra d le y o 2 7 7. 
Burden o o o o, M em inger 7 O O 4. 
Totals 41 78 34 11o 
P H IL A D E L P H IA ()o 2 ): E rv in g 
6 4 6 16. M cG innis 4 12 9, Jones J 
7 2 8. BihOv 4 2 7 IO, Collins 17 7 8 
31. Mix o I 3 I. B ry a n t 4 13 9. F re e 
4 4 6 17. D aw kins 3 o 2 6 Totals 4o 
27 34 1o7 
N ew York 
31 31 24 22— 11o 
Philadelphia 
I t 3o 29 25— 1o2 
T o ta l lo u is — N e w Y o r k 33, 
P h ila d e lp h ia , 
78. 
F o u le d out—None A — 18,276 

 halftime lead. 
The Knicks opened their biggest lead at 21 points, 84-63, in the third period, when they ran off six straight. 
The 76ers then spurted on baskets by Julius 
Erving, Lloyd Free a$d 
Darryl Dawkins and closed out the P&ri6d trailing by ll. 
" * 

SECRET ARI Al DESK! 
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
1 ^ 1 

‘ 1 5 9 oo 

BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 
SYSTEMS COMPANY 
SIS (ULEMA 
71S-A1M 

B 7o*13. 
F 7o-14. 
G 7o-14. 
G 7o-15. 
G 6o-14. 
L 6o-14 . 
G 6o -15. 
L 6o -15 . 

o7.52 

1 2 o . 1 2 
125.12 
127.64 
133.4o 
164.o8 
135.8o 
168.8o 

155R-12 ... 
155R-13 ... 
165R-13 ... 
175R-13 ... 
185/7oR-13. 
165R-14 ... 
155R-15 ... 
165R-15 ... 

1o1.6o 
1o4.o8 
111.6o 
119.oo 
13o.4o 
123.92 
123.92 
131.36 

 tb o iA 

AMERICAS MNE LIGHT BEER 
PRGSST3B 

ADOLPH COORS COMPANY • OCH.DEN. COLORADO 6o4o1 

“Press-Tab” adds a new dimension to the convenience and anti-litter benefits of the all aluminum recyclable can. 

F.E.T. 1.51 to 4.48 oach. 

MASTER CHARGE • BANK 
AMERlCARD • AMERICAN 
EXPRESS • DINERS CARD 
SHOPPERS CHARGE • l l 
CREDIT * CASH 

4 n 'in . m n : H 

ARLINGTON • AUSTIN 
CORPUS CHRISTI • DALLAS 
FORT WORTH • HOUSTON 
LAREDO • PASADENA 
SAN ANTONIO • WACO 

67o-15 ...... 98.48 
7oo-15...... 11o.4o 
7oo-158 PLY 123.68 
65o-16...... 1o4.56 
7oo-16...... 118.44 
75o-16 8 PLY 148.96 
95o-16.5 
8 PLY ... 191.16 

P R E S S -T A B ' — completely eliminates ring-pull litter, as 
Press-Tab consists of a single tab that, remains attached to the lid atter opening The can remains one complete recy­ clable unit. 

Southside 
I 
Northside 
1217 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE | 56o1 SAN PEDRO 
923-o356 • 924-7238 
I 734-3533 • 734-7726 
I 

Northwest 
572o EVERS RD. AT WURZBACH 
681-153o 

Coors introduces Press-Tab as a voluntary corporate alter­ native to anti ring-pull legis­ lation now existing in some states, and which possibly could be introduced on a national level. 

Gently depress Tab 

 with index finger 

Can now 

 ready for use 

"Please hold the cen at either top or bottom 
Working Together for a Better Environment*1 

ALBERT FAVELLA, rig h t, pounds out victory o v e r Lupe 
M a rtin e z p h o to b y h m . d e a n , jr 

 jB o o b ir d s 

Continued from Page ID 

 boobirds out on their perches 
In the first boxoff, flyweight division winner Louis Guerrero lost a split de­ cision to light flyweight winner Felix 
Castillo. 
Guerrero, who used inside boxing to stop his earlier opponents, took too many shots from Castillo while trying to penetrate his defenses. 

In the final boxoff of the night, the 
Westside YMCA’s Derly Cirlos won an unanimous decision over Manuel Gar­ cia, of the City Parks and Recreation club. The pair was vying for the 

BASEBALL OR SOFTBALL 

Whatever your game, start the 
Season with shoes like the Pros wear 

 from Ridden 

KB-P The finest made. 
W hite leather upper. 
Foam padded tongue. 

Fully leather-lined. Leather sole with professional spikes. Black snug-tie. 

Sizes 7 - 1 3 *34” 

EXTRA 
BASES 

EXTRA BASES Very attractive price. Black leather upper with super-light riveted nylon sole and the same profes­ sional spikes as the incomparable KB-P. 

Sizes 7 - 1 3 *23” 

WHITE RIPPER Same as 
Extra Bases but white 
*23” 

BIG RED Great Value. 
Leather upper with red molded rubber sole and molded cleats proportionate to size. 
Padded ankle collar and counter 
Available in white or black. 

Sizes 7 - 1 3 
$23” 

Sizes 1 - 1 o 

SPRINT New from Ridden. A terrific value in a youth baseball of softball shoe. 
Quality leather upper. 
Fully lined and padded, tough P.V C. sole with multipurpose cleats. W hite14” 

6132 BANDERA 

I Blk North 

 of loop 4 1 o 

HOURS: 

Mon fit 9 1pm 
Sol 9 6 p rn 
684-2o2o 

Fibak winner 

M O N TERREY. 
Mexico (A P) - Poland's 
Wojtek Fibak easily defeated Vitas Gerulaitis of 
New York 6-4, 6-3 Sunday to win the singles championship of the Monterrey International 
Tennis Tournament. 
The 22-ycar old Fibak earned $3o,ooo. Gerulai­ tis, also 22. won $15,ooo. 
Fibak. who lost the first Mexican tournament stop in Mexico City last week to Hie Nastase of 
Romania, said. “ I am very lucky to win the second final. It was a very good match. The 
‘publico was fantastic^)’ ” . 
Gerulaitis agreed that it was a “ fantastic match” and added, “ you’ve got yourselves a great champion." 
Both played conservatively until midway in the first set, when Fibak combined effective action around the net with some precise passing shots and smashes from mideourt to pull ahead 3-2. 
Fibak broke Gerulaitis’ serve four times, twice in the fain! set. Gerulaitis broke Fibak’s serve once in each set. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 1977 
Page, 3-D 
SMU tankers prevail 

AUSTIN (A P) — Southern Methodist swimmers rolled to their 21st straight Southwest Conference victory Saturday night and Mustang coach George 
McMillinn gave much of the credit to his younger swimmers. 
“ Everyone feels good about this.” said McMillion. 
“ It was a tougher meet than last year and all I can say is our younger kids really came through for us.” 
Freshmen like Randy Burnett and Gerg Kraus scored well for the Ponies and senior Richard Bess tied for high point honors with University of Hous­ ton’s Simon Gray. Bess won the award as a fresh­ man. 

“ We had good efforts from Bill Glasstctter and 
Andy Veris too. They’re unshaved and will do great at the NCAA meet.” McMillion said. 
The Ponies are aiming for a No. 2 ranking in the nation and the goal seems closer than ever after their solid win over Texas and UH at the SWC meet. 
SMU scored 67o to Texas’ 423 and Houston’s 376. 

Veris, SWC record holder in the 2oo freestyle, summed up SMU’s victory. “ We set our goals at the first of the year. We’ve got one and we’ll get the other. You gotta believe and we do.” 

$13,ooo Rent Free 

Office Space 

4,5oo Sq. Ft. - Prestige Location 

N o rth w est 

C a l l 3 4 9 - 1 4 5 3 

 chance to box in the middleweight class at the state tournament. 
The state Golden Gloves tourney will be held iii Fort Worth next week 
Joining Ayala, Castillo and Cirlos on the trip to Fort Worth will be Albert 
Favella, Juan Rodriguez, Alejo Rodri­ gue/, David Beeeroft and Robert 
Revnosa. 
The boxoffs were necessary to nar­ row the region’s ll weight classes to eight, which is the state standard. 
Blackies and Garza Boxing Club won the team trophy in the novice division with tht* City Parks and Recreation club and the Boys’ Clubs of San An­ tonio finishing in a second place tie. 

 easy 

MARION. Ohio (A R J- 
Unbeaten welterweight 
Wilfredo Benitez showed his considerable fighting skills and showmanship in pounding out an easy eight-round decision over 
Mel Dennis before an appreciative crowd of some 1.3o(1 inmates at the 
Marion Correctional In­ stitution. 
The occasion was the third series of quarter­ finals in the U.S. Boxing 
Championships, promot­ ed by Don King, who for four years until Sep­ tember 1971 resided at 
Marion as No. 125734. 
The prisoners had a ball. They screamed, were knocked down. booed lack of action, cheered for inmate Arth­ ur “ Tap City” Harris. who fought on the card and went bananas over round girl Veronica Be­ dell in winning his quarter-final welter­ weight fight. Benitez put on a beautiful display of boxing. He raked Dennis with left jabs, and scored with lots of good left hooks while slipping most of Dennis’ punches. 
The Benitez fight was seen live on national television. 
Un ss c 
ZOULEK. LA. (Al*) - 
Two Alexandria men took first place Sunday in the 
U.S. 
Buddy National 
Bass Fishing Tourna­ ment at Toledo Bend 
Lake, La.. 
Bill Grafton and Ro­ bert Low tiler won the two-day meet by catching 
77 pounds of fish. 
In second place were 
Bud Guthrie and Bill 
Willis Junior of Tahlu- quah, 
Ok., with 
HH pounds, nine ounces of fish. 
Third place was won by 
Glen Battagalia and Phi­ lip Gauthier of Many, La, with 
68 pounds. 
4*6 ounces. Fourth Place was won by James and Dale 
Johnson of Dequeen. 
Ark., and Houston, Tex­ as. with 67 pounds, one ounce. Fifth place was won by Ronnie Stanley arid Paul West from Col­ lege Station, Texas, and 
Bobbin, Texas. 
Golden 
Glares 

L A T E S A T U R D A Y S R E S U L T S 
N O V IC E D IV IS IO N 
L ig h t fly w e ig h t 
R o , 
Ro d n g u n /. a y . Ifis 4 won a iD 'it decision o v e r 
P e te 
R o m ire z . 
C P R t o t 
Fly we mill 
Refugio Ro dfiguez, LBC. !oV 4 won a soul e n v o i' over v t o r 
I NBL , no 
Bonlom weight 

Featherw eight 

 e > spii 

• •O'. 
Th 

Lightweight t PPR I?/ 
BGBC. HI 
L ig h t w e lte rw e ig h t 
Dai, 
SOU! de 

 g o e t. uoeit spin adc 
W elterw eight a. NBC, 14/ wo omr Rout Run BGBC. 14o 
L ig h t m id d le w e ig h t 
R o u t 
M e n d e l. 
M Y C , 
IS * w on by default over C horee Brehn, IN D , 
IJJ 1 1 
M id d le w e ig h t: 
M a u r ic e 
H e lm et, N S C. IS* won over Jote 
L u it 
O rn e la t. 
IN O , i t * 
•< 
I 
O m e le t corner re tire d at o I t of the tecend ro u n d ), 
L ight hea vyw e ig h t 
C arlas 

Heavy weigh! 
• B C 
2 2 s w u 

STATE B E R T H B O X O FFS 
Light tty weight and flyw eight 

 t u t * 
C a s t i l l o , C P R 
I u s w o n 

Lightw eight end light welter w e ight 
S a n iin y 
A .o u i 
C P # 
I it won o split ok ty>o'i aver 

D a v i d P u t t i a n w 
* l l / 
L i g h t m i d d l e w e i g h t a n d middle weight 
D u t y t i n . 
H r 

A U H M t V I A I I O N S 
■BC 
Etui » it’s and 

WE TELL IT AS IT IS 
No “Gimmicks’’—No “Come-ons”—Just 
Low, Low Prices for Top Quality Tires r n 
H E IM A R K 
OF QUALITY f i r e t t o n e deluxe champion 
DOUBLE BELTED WHITEWALLS 
1977 LONG MILEAGE NEW CAR TIRES 

A 78-13 
Plus $1.73 
Per Tire 
F.E.T. & 
4 Tires 
Off Your 
Car 

4-ply polyester cord Deluxe Champion 

Dependable, smooth riding tires at low prices! 

AT ONE 

LOW PRICE! 
ANY SIZE 

Your Choice 
Of 8 Sixes 
A78-13 
F78-14 
678-13 
H78-T4 
C/8-14 
o78-15 
178-13 
H78-15 
(A Via J Rib Dewgn) 

FREE MOUNTING! 
WHITEWALLS ADD *3 

 r a r e s t o n e STEEL-BELTED 
RADIAL V-1 WHITEWALLS 

E R 7 o - 1 4 
1 ta, m e H i$49 

F R 7 o - 1 4 ion teta i«i 
$ 

G R 7 o - 1 5 
(tm io ta .IS ) 
$55 
51 

H R 7 o - 1 5 
(tm i i i e -1 ti 
$61 

G R 7 o 7 1 4 
( t m i o t a . i « ) 
$53 

J R 7 o - 1 5 
(tm l i t e - i i ) 
$62 
•* 4EP.l t 

H R 7 o - 1 4 
(tm ii te-i4) 
$57 

L R 7 o - 1 5 
(tm 11o4 it)$64 

F i r e s t o n e 
STEEL belted 
RADIAL 5oo 
53995 

M m w. 

 f i r e s t o n e 
CHAMPION 
CHOICE OF 2 SIZES... 
6 oo 13 
6 9o 13 

 f ir c a t o n * 
OIC TI RETREAD 
ANY SIZE 
Blackwall in Stock 

Mw »wa* ISM t i 4 / a r i l J? 
P ( T BOLO T int 

WHITEWALLS ADD $4 

I 
I 

 fl 
I 
I 
I 
I 

WITH THIS COUPON 
J YEAR/SO,OOO MILE ALIGNMENT I 
B V 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
-e~rn ae 9 5 

PICKUP. VAN and BV TIRES 
T* re 
TRANSPORT1 

Ptu* 14 to 55' per Tire Fed 
Tai Eip A Rec jppdbie Tire 
Add $2 it not Recappable 

W H I M W A I L S A L K ) S I SO 

 s o t * m i s 
FAW ta 41 Pa# 

 t « T a r t 

*24 

(or ll or Meta 
Alit) emanlt 
MINIMUM Of $96 VAUK, lf m a o SIPARATUY e Int ic 4*9 l l rn mer* hen! end ebgnmanh (any Arn***** tai) a IHtci in4 a#oi 
’>it*img Wen a /Nett 4 tat (ambe 

( B t i n 4 ta * hi 

• d w e ll A a d m *! h * M 
•NMI SMHOff a im igt tm p v t*' 
U**fM| 

JI BYK I AM HM IM T 

HNP f * * * *m 1 
♦•p I wimite#*#* 

C O U R O N IX P lR tS M A R C H 31 

OPEN AN 
ACCOUNT 
Pried* Shown th This , 

‘F ir e s t o n e 
MAINTENANCE-FREE 
FOREVER 
RATTER Y 

ANY SIZE 
I I V O L T I i c H A N O I 

 h y o u D e n I 
Y#ii4jpf} Vim* Ctii im m $ * 
Firestone 
IXTRA LIFF 16 
BATTERY 
$29 

ANT im 
1 J V O L T 

EXCH 

TUBE TVPf 
6 oo 16*26 3o 
6 SO 16 29 6 4 
7 OO 1b 33 7o 
7 OO 16 34 8 6 
7 bO 16 38 86 

TUBELESS 
6 SO 16 ‘43 37 
7 oo 14 33 79 
6 7o IS 34 43 
7 OO IS 3866 

All price* plus 92 32 lo S3 44 F E T exchange. 
Bleck. 6 ply rating 

Wide Tire Flotation & Stability for your PICKUP, VANorRV f i r e s t o n e 
TRANSPORT 
5oo WIDE OVAL 
*53 im • oo ii I etui i i J* r I 
• 75 16 5 . 
9 5o 16 5 . 

A ll F t i c * * p t u * 
J4 22 f f T ( 
Bl*- b TuDi b Fly Rat 

163 
SSI 
13 n i 

 we ALSO 
HONOR: 
Bt F 
Bi. Coit 

• Bank Airier tear d • Master Charge • Dir 
• American Lipread B Carte Bt doc ho petitively priced wherever you set) the f ut 

ALL STORES OPEN TILL 6 P.m! 
M AR RACH 
S H O R T IN O CTR. 

*7*3" 3 S A I* 

D O W N T O W N 
Mi a t o , 
2 2 * O U I 

O LM O S i l l t la# n r . 
731-8171 
W O N O tR L ANO 
734-11 7 ) iourmtot 
HH 6i.»n ii ii a« » 
IR MttMary V14-714I 

A LA M O M IG H T S 
• 14-7847 

D O W N T O W N 
6*1 a am a le on i 

N O * r n n o t 
’tvI tm N e t 
344 * ’*6 

H IG H LA N D H U H 
Itll taka# alt Mr* 
SSS 844* 
LOUTH* AW lip a a 
* * 1 4 1 *4 

W O O D L A W N a n t« (B M W i 
7 3 * I 743 
WI if nor 
HH* « RMMIMM*# 
JI* 24 I 4 

L IO N VA LLI Y aB WwamM 
*84 8o3 I 
CIo2MoA81 
PA* Mali* I. 4*3*4 ta il 

I A N ! TRUM A N ptaiif ONI 
-tat •*»(•*>* 
*88 841 I 

Z A N I TRUMAN 
URI* TOAN ana rn*. t i 
)•** *iy aa) va#* 

SHOP Ell 
FOR SYLVA 
HESTON! 
N IA .SPIED o r POINT 

H______SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 1977 

S W C baseball 

Tends 
Ten A&M 
TCU 
Rice 
Houston 
Bavlor 
Arkansas 
Te* Tech 
SMU 

Conference 
All Gam es 

 w L Pct. 
6 o 1.ooo 
4 o 1.ooo 
5 I 
3 3 
I 2 
1 2 
2 4 
o 4 
o 6 

.833 
.5oo 
.333 
.333 
.333 
.OOO 
OOO 

 w 
16 
12 
IO 
6 
8 
7 
I 
6 
3 

L Pct. 
o I OOO 
2 
.857 
714 
.375 
.667 
.636 
.583 
.429 
.3oo 
CAST W E E K S R E S U L T S 
SUNDAY — Houston3, LSU I; Houston 7. Nicholls 
State o. 
MONDAY — Texos 3 9, Pan American o3; TCU 4, 
Texas Arlington o. 
TUESD AY — Arkansas 2 11. Northeast Oklahoma 
OO; Bavlor 4 7. Sam Houston o1o; SM U 6 1, Oral 
Roberts SS; Texas 413. Pan American 18; TOU 'o, 
Texas Weslevan 6. TCU 14. Texas Arlington 3; 
Hardin Simmons 9 5, Texas Tech 3-11. 
W ED N ESD A Y - Texos Weslevan ll. TCU o 
F R ID A y — Arkansas 5, Houston 3; Texas 5, SM U 
2; A&M 5, Texos Tech 3; TCU IO. Rice 7. 
SATURD AY — Arkansas 2 o, Houston o5; Texas 
3 12, SMU 2 2; TCU 3-11, Rice 14; A&M at Texos 
Tech*2). ppd . rain; St. M ary s 6 3, Bavlor 4 4. 

THIS W E E K S S C H E D U L E 
SUNDAY — A&M at Tech (2) 
M O ND AY — Baker College at A rkan sas (2 ); 
Okiehoma City at A&M (2). 
TUESD AY — St. Mary s at Bavlor (2), N E Lout-, siana at Houston (2). SMU at Oral Roberts (2 ); 
Oklahoma City at A & M *2 i; TCU at Texas Arlington 
* 2 ): Texas Tech at Southwestern (2). 
W ED N ESD A Y — Southern Missouri at Arkansas 
(2). Tech at St. Edward s (2). 
THURSD AY — William Jew ell at Arkansas (2). 
F RID AY — Bavlor at Rice. Tech at Houston, SMU at A&M, TCU at Texas Southwest Baptist at Arkan­ sas (2). 

Teom 
W L PCT. St. M ary's 23 6 .793 
Texas Lutheran 
21 IO 677 
Pan American 
17 9 .654 
Schreiner 
16 ll 
.593 
Texas A&i 
1) I? .52o 
SAC 
14 16 467 
St. Philip s ll 16 
4o7 
Trinity 
8 17 .32o 
SW Texas 
8 19 .296 
Laredo 
I 23 
23o 

T exas A&i 
Women 
18 IO 643 
T exas Lutheran 
9 I .563 
SW Texas l l 16 SIS 
Trinity ll 16 
1o7 
St. Mary s 
I 18 .28o 
SAC 
7 2o .259 
Incarnate Word 
I 13 .o71 

Last Week's Results 

Monday: 
Pan American 82. Wisconsin Milwau ken 68; Temple 81, SAC men 66. 
Tuesday: 
East 
Texas 72, St. M ary's men 56. 
Wednesday: 
Pan 
American 86, North Texas State 72. Thursday: 
Houston 72. A &l women 59; S W I women 58. 
Lamar 54; Wayland 93, SWT women 47, 
Frid ay: 
SWT women 57, Sam Houston 49,. 
Saturday: 
Houston 52. SWT women 45. 
SWC 

PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 
AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS TINTING 

You 7/ bo much more comfort able. 
SO LAR -X” 

Son Control Hint for Windows 

• KEEPS URS COOLER 
• STOPS SUN EADE 
• SAVES AIR CONDITIONING 
• DO-IT-YOURSELF AND SAVE 

DIFFERENT COLOR FILM 

AVAILABLE 

S Q L f l R - X 

O F S A N ANTONIO 
AOI ISO M RD .— SUITE 21o 
349-6469 

Ashe watches 

Tennis great Arthur 
Ashe watches the 
New 
York 
Knick game while his new bride, photographer 
Jeanne 
Moutous- saniy, made photo­ graphs of the game. 
Ashe was without his leg cast of many weeks which he had to wear following surgery for bursitis in his heel. 
- AP WIREPHOTO 

Ark amos 
Hou stoa 
Texas Tech 
Texs A&M 
Texas 
SMU 
Bavlor 
Rice 
TCU 

Conference 
All Games 

W L Pct. 
W L Pct. 

I/ o 
1.ooo 26 
I .963 
16 
I 
.8oo 26 
J .788 ll 
5 
.737 2o 
9 .69o 
9 9 
.5oo 14 14 5oo 
8 9 
.471 13 13 .5oo 
7 IO 
.41o 
8 19 .296 
6 12 
.31.1 ll 16 4o7 
3 14 
.176 
9 18 .333 
o 17 
.OOO 
3 23 .HS 

Last Week's Tournment Results 

T HU RSA Y - Houston 96. Texos A&M l l . Texas 
Tech 66. Bavlor 51 
FR ID A Y — Houston 94, Texas Tech 83. 
SATURD A Y — Arkansas 8o, Houston I i. 

SC C 

Southland Conference 
Conference 

W L Pct. 

8 2 .8oo 
I 3 7oo 
6 4 .6oo 
4 6 .4oo 
4 6 .4oo 
I 9 JOO 
Southland 

All Games 
W L Pct. 
21 
8 724 
2o 
7 .741 
12 17 .414 
14 13 .519 
1J 13 .5oo 
3 24 .H I 
Conference 

 x-SW La 
McNeese St. 
Lam ar 
Arkansas St 
La Tech 
T ex Aringtn x— Southwstern 
Champion. 
LAST W E E K 'S R E S U L T S 
MONDAY — Louisiana Tech HS. Northwestern 
Louisiana 99: McNeese State 77, Texas Arlington 
74xx. Lam ar 82, i f RID AY — Southwestern Louisiana HS. Hawaii 
96 
S A T U R D A Y — So u thw estern L o u is ia n a 84, 
Hawaii 8o, xx -Denotes Southland Conference Contest 

Scoreboard 

Hockey 

N ATIO N AL H O C K EY L E A G U E 

C A M P B E L L C O N P R EN C E 

Patrick Division 

Skiing 

W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 

Philadelphia 
41 
13 
12 
94 
267 
176 
N.Y. 
Islanders 
39 
18 
9 
87 
226 
16o 
Atlanta 
27 
28 ll 
65 
21o 
217 
N.Y. 
Rangers 
24 
3o 
13 
61 
226 
249 

Smyttie Division 

St. 
Louis 
28 
31 
7 
63 
193 
221 
Chicago 
23 
35 
IO 
56 
213 
25o 
Minnesota 
18 
33 
15 
51 
198 
256 
Colorado 
19 
35 ll 
49 
193 
237 
Vancouver 
19 
4o 
8 
46 
179 
253 

W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
Norris Division 

Montreal 
5o 
8 
IO no 
328 
159 
Pittsburgh 
27 
27 
13 
67 
2o3 
213 
Los 
Angeles 
26 
28 
13 
65 
221 
2oo 
Washington 
19 36 
13 
51 
183 
259 
Detroit 
16 41 
8 
4o 
163 
242 

Adams Division 

Buffalo 
41 
2o 
6 
88 
246 
184 
Boston 
39 21 
J 
85 
255 
2o3 
Toronto 
29 
2 7 
IO 
68 
255 
233 
Cleveland 
21 
35 
IO 
52 
194 
23o 

Saturday's Gomes 

Montreal 7 New York Rangers 2 
St. Louis 2. New York Islanders I 

FOYT all smiles 

Philadelphia 4, Detroit I 
Cleveland 2, Atlanta I 
Boston 3, Buffalo I 
Vancouver 4, Toronto 4 
Minnesota 6, Colorado 3 
Pittsburgh J, Los Angeles 3 
Sundays Games 

Minnesota 3. St Louis 2 
New York Rangers 4, Cleveland 3 
Atlanta 4. Washington 2 
Buffalo 4, Montreal I 
Boston 6. Chicago 2 
New York Islanders at Colorado 

Monday's Games 

Toronto at Philadelphia 

W O RLD H O C K EY ASSO CIATIO N 

Quebec 
Cincinnati 
Indianapolis 
New 
England 

Birmingham 

% Minnesota 

Houston 
Winnipeg 
San 
Diego 
Calgary 
Edmonton 
Phoenix x franchise disbanded 

Saturday's Games 
Quebec 6. San Diego o 
Cincinnati 6. Indianapolis o 
Phoenix 4. Winnipeg I 

Sundays Gomes 
Houston 7, Cincinnati 3 
Edmonton 5, Birmingham J 
New England 6, Quebec 2 
Indianapolis 3, Phoenix 2. OT 
San Diego at Calgary 

Monday’s Gomes 
No games scheduled 

W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 

38 
26 
I 
17 
28o 
241 
32 
29 
3 
67 
288 
237 
29 
3o 
7 
65 
219 
243 
29 
34 
6 
64 
227 
254 
25 
38 
3 
53 
229 
245 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 

 stern Division 

39 
2o 
6 
84 
257 
191 
35 
28 
2 
72 
289 
241 
33 
29 
3 
69 
216 
22S 
26 
31 
5 
57 
195 
2o8 
27 
36 
2 
56 
184 
239 
25 
38 
3 
53 
231 
3o3 

A P W IR E P H O T O 

In the official Environmental Protection Agency 1977 Gas Mileage Guide, the 

Basketball 

The V W Rabbit has better The V W Rabbit has fuel economy than: more trunk space than: 
TheVW Rabbit has more interior space than: 

EFA Estimated Fuel Economy (MPG) fit* *£»*»¥ 

AnwtcanMqloB. — 
Gremlin 
18 
24 

Hornet y 
18 
23 

Pacer 
18 
23 

Buick 
- 
Skyhawk 
19 
26 

Skylark 
18 
25 

Cadillac 
- 
Seville 
14 
19 

Chevrolet 
- 
Cantaro 
17 
22 

Monza 
21 
28 

Nova 
18 
23 

21 
28 

Ford 
...... 

- 
Maverick 
18 
24 

Mustang ll 
21 
29 

Pinto 
23 
32 

Thunderbird 
IS 
19 

Lincoln-Mercury 
Bobcat 

Comet 

23 

18 

32 

24 

Mazda 
— 
Cosmo 
IS 
26 

RX4 
18 
26 

8o8 
23 
3o 

Oldsmobile 
— 
Starlire 
21 
28 

Pontiac 
— 
Firebird 
17 
25 

Ventura 
21 
29 

Toyota 
- 
Ce!tea n 
29 

Corona 
22 
29 

Volkswagen 
- 
Rabbit 
24 
33 

No need to hit the Reefed feed 

 et ■> that« ell m tii#l 

{ PA es! imetes with automatic lrj may wet y depend > ng on how and 

Interior Volume Index/Trunk 

<rI,®., »«-w> 

American Motors — 
Gremlin 
9 

Hornet l l 

Pacer l l 

Buick 
- 
Opel by Isuzu 
9 

Skyhawk 
IO 

Skylark 
14 

Cadillac 
- 
Seville 
13 

Chevrolet 
- 
Camaro 
6 

Chevette 
9 

Monza 
8 

Nova 
14 

Vega 
IO 

Datsun 
- 
B-21o 
12 

F-1o 
14 

Dodge 
— 
Colt 
7 

Ford 
- 
Maverick 
12 

Mustang ll 
8 

Pinto 
8 

Thunderbird 
14 

Lincoln-Mercury - 
Bobcat 
9 

Comet 
12 

Mazda 
- 
Cosmo 
IO 

RX-4 l l aaa 
IO 

Oldsmobile 
— 
Startle 
IO 

Plymouth 
- 
Arrow 
IO 

I Pontiac 
— 
Astre 
IO 

Firebird 
7 

Sunbird 
7 

Ventura 
14 

Subaru 
- 
Subaru l l 

Toyota 
- 
Celica 
8 

Corolla 
IO 

Corona 
IO 

Volkswagen 
— 
Rabbit 
15 

Interior Volume Index/Passenger lCutwr Iim I 

Buick 
— 
Opel by Isuzu 
78 

Skyhawk 
79 

Chevrolet 
— 
Chevette 
76 

Monza 
79 

Datsun 
— 
B-21o 
66 

F-1o 
71 

Dodge 
- 
Colt 
74 

Ford 
- 
Mustang ll 
72 

Pinto 
7T 

Lincoln-Mercury 
- 
Bobcat 
77 

Mazda 
- 
Cosmo 
73 

RX-4 
72 

8o8 
67 

Oldsmobile 
- 
Starlire 
79 

Plymouth 
- 
Arrow 
78 

Pontiac 
- 
Sunbird 
79 

Subaru 
- 
Subaru 
72 

Toyota 
- 
C d tea 
72 

Corolla 
76 

Volkswagen 
- 
Rabbit 
8o 

© 
W ho are ive to argue? 

Lone Star V olksw ag en 
3 3 o 3 B ro a d w a y 8 2 4 .7 3 1 1 

North Loop V olksw agen lo o p 4 1 o a t r r a d a r U k t b a r g Md. 
*'Aero aa fro m W o n d e r la n d " 
732-7131 

Auto Haus V olksw ag en 
1 3 o o S.E. M ilit a r y D riv a 
9 2 4 - 6 5 1 6 

Rod East V o lksw ag en 
1 4 o 2 N .I . L o o p 4 1 o e x p re s s w a y 
8 2 8 .1 2 o 1 

ONTARIO. Calif. (AP) 
— A.J. Foyt, the track- wise veteran making his 
25oth start in an Indy- type car, moved ahead on the 21st lap and steadily built his lead Sunday to win the $4o,ooo cham­ pionship car portion of the Twin 2oos. 
Foyt, who posted his 
57th U.S. Auto Club vic­ tory,^ a s never really threatened once he took the lead in his Coyote- 
Foyt as his closest com­ petitors dropped out one by one with mechanical problems. Al Unser, who finished 27 seconds be­ hind Foyt, was the only driver on the same lap as the winner. 
The 42-year-old Foyt had finished third in the first half of the Twin 
2oos, a stock car race won by Jimmy Insolo by just one-half car length over 
Bobby Unser. 
Foyt could have had a double victory in the two races, but a punctured tire when he was leading on the 74th lap cost him his chance in the stock car event. 
Foyt said following the triumph, his sixth at On­ tario Motor Speedway, that he was confident he could win the champion­ ship event. 
“ We didn’t plan on turning it on at any point. 
We knew our car would run faster than any of them. 

R f l i n scrubs race 

ROCKINGHAM, N.C. 
(AP) — Rain washed out 
Sunday's scheduled running of the Carolina 
5oo Grand National stock car race at North Caro­ lina Motor Speedway. 
The race has been res­ cheduled for March 13. 
The starting field has already been set and po­ sitions will remain frozen until next week. 
Donnie Allison, driving a ( bm relet, won the pole position Thursday with a speed of 135.387 miles per hour. However, Skip 
Manning, also in a Chev­ rolet, set the fastest qua­ lifying time Saturday at 
135.437 m.p.h. 
The postponement of the $14o,ooo event was the first weather related cancellation of a Grand 
National race in more than one year. The next scheduled race is at At­ lanta March 2o 

C h e r o k e e s feign 

Two Houston Cherokee 
^ridders. running back 
Charles Bankston and of­ fensive lineman Bill 
McDaniel recently signed national letters of intent with Hampton In­ stitute of Hampton, Va. 

Iowa 94. Wisconsin 93, 2 OTs 
Columbia 93, Dartmouth 5/ 
Nevado Las Vegas 1)7. P e t oerdlne 94 
Michigan 69, Marquette 68 

Exhibitions 
Russian Notional Teom 96. Arizona 8o 
Handball 

P R O T O U R N E Y 

At Austin 
Singles Finals: 
Natl Alvarado. Juarez, Mex . del Terry Muck, Chicago, 21-18. 21-15. 

U.S. H A N D BA LL ASSN 

SO UTH W EST R E G IO N A L 

At Austin 
Open Slnqdes: 
Semifinals — Fred Akers. St 
Louis, del Gene Croft, Austin, 21-9. 21-19; Tommy 
Worrell, Son Antonio, del 
Richard Cram er, San 
Antonio, 2116, 21-7 Finals: 
Akers del Worrell. 
21 ii. 21 2 

B Singles: 
Semifinals — Chuck Recvses. Nous ton. dei Mark Vincent. Odessa. 18 21. 21 12, 11-7 
Todd Worrell. San Antonio, det. Bob Frift, Dallas. 
21 5. 21 16. 
Finals: 
Reeves dei. Worrell. 21 14, 
21 2o. 

Open Doublet: 
Semifinals — Rodv G arcia and 
Jim Porter, Houston, det Frank Price and Boris 
Orlin, Houston, 21-19, 21-18; Scott Spann and Bob 
Vickers. Austin, de* Tom Patrick and Bo Duordt. 
Galveston. 2 M 4 . 21-11. 
F in a ls : 
Spann det. 
Vickert. 21-17. 21-14 
Transactions 

C O L L E G E FO O T BA LL 

SAM H O U STO N S T A T E : has signed three prospective football plovers. Including two junior college transfers. They are wide receiver-running bock Alton Wilson. 5 8, 175, Bllnn JC . and Mans field, safety, Leslie Mlchollk, 6 2, 197. Bllnn JC and G ranger; and tight end-detensive lineman 
Robert 
Quartaro. 
6, 
21o. 
Houston 
Northwest 
Academy. 

SUN V A L L E Y , Idaho (A P ) — Men s over-all 
World Cud standings otter Sunday's giant slalom. 
1, Ingemar Stenmark, Sweden, 239. 
2, Fran* Klammer, Austria. 195. 
3, Klaus Heidegger, Austria, 184. 
4, Bernhard Russl, Switzerland 122. tie. Gustavo Thoent, Italy. 122. x 
6, Heine Hemmi. Switzerland, 117. 
7, Piero Oros, Italy. 116. 
8, Paul From melt. Liechtenstein, 88. 
9, Joset Watcher, Austria. 84 
IO. Walter Tresch, Switzerland. 81. 

SUN V A L L E Y . Idaho (A P ) - Sunday s Results in the World Cup ski men s giant slalom: 
I, Ingemar Stenmark, Sweden, 2:32.36. 2. Chris flan Hemmi, Switzerland. 2:33.18. 3, Heinl Hemmi, 
Switzerland, 2:34.o5. 4, Piero Gros, Italy. 2:347o. _>. 
Cary Adgate. Boyne City, Mich., 2:34.99. 6. Andreas 
Wenzel. Liechtenstein. 2:35.32- 7, Bruno Noeekler, 
Italy, 2:35.68. 8, Phil Mahre, White Pass, Wash , 
2:35.74. 9, WUU Frommeit. Liechtenstein. 2:36 56. IO. 
Aloin NaviHod. France, 2:36.59. 
Also- 14, Steve Mehre. White Pass. Wash.. 2:37.34. 
19, Geoff Bruce. Corning, N .Y., 2:38.74. 2o, Erik 
Wilson, Montpelier. Vt., 2.38.89. 23. Gregg Jones. 
Tahoe City. Calif.. 2:39.o9. 25, Robert Hall. Rutland, 
Vt., 2:39.34. 26. John Teague. Moretown, Vt., 2:39.55. 
27, Richie Woodworth. Peabody. Mass.. 2.4o.26. 35. 
29, Jim Hunter, Canada, 2:4o 47. 3o. Jean Beaulieu. 
Canada. 2:41.62. 32. Steohen Mienxsch. North Bend, 
W ash.. 2:41.93. 33. Raym ond P ro tte . C an ad a. 
2 42.64. 35. Scott Hoffman, Ogden. Utah.. 2:44.84'. 36. 
Lonny Vanatta, Steamboat Springs, Colo.. 2:47 91. 

SUN V A L L E Y , Idoho (A P ) — Men s giant slalom standings ofter Sundov's race: 
1, Helm Hemmi, Switzerland. 11o. 
2. Klaus Heidegger, Austria, 74. tie, Ingemar Stenmark, Sweden, 74 
4. Phil Mahre, White Ross, Wash . 54 
5. Piero Gros. Italy. 53. 
6. Christian Hemmi. Switzerland. 51. 
7. Hens Hinterseer, Austria. 45. 
8. WMH Frommeit, Liechtenstein, 34 
"* 
9. Andreas Wenzel. Liechtenstein, 27. 
1o. Franco Bider. Italy. 23. 

World Cup Sums 

SUN V A L L E Y . Idoho (A P ) — Results Sunday In the Harriman World Cup ski women s giant slalom * 
I, Llse-Marle Morerod, Switzerland. 1:22.54 2. 
Kathy Krelner, Canada. 1:22.95. 3, Abbl Fish er. 
South Conway. N.H., 1:23.18. 4. Brigitte Hobersat- ter Totschnlg, Austria. 1:24.o2. 5. Monika Koserer. 
Austria. 1:24.o3. 6, Perrine Pelen, France. 1:24.53. I. 
Marl a Eople. West Germany, I 24 64 8, Annemarn: 
Moser Proeli, Austria. 1:24.66. 9, Reqm a Sack!. 
Austria. 1:24 /5. IO Lea Soelkner, Austria, 1:25 oo 
Also: 14, (tie) Hcldl Preu ss, Lakep ort. N.H , 
1:25 32. 16. Becky Dorsey. Wenham, Mass . 1:25.38 
21, (tie ) M aggie C rane. Plym o u th , N .H ., ond 
Christie Cooper, Sun Valley. Idaho, 1:26,o8. 24, 
Jam ie (Coriander, 26. Leslie Smith, Killington, VI , 
1:26.63. 28. Karen Lancaster. Incline Village. Nev . 
1:27.o6. 29, Patricio Heilman. Stratton Mountain, 
Vt , I 27 14 3o. Susan Clifford. Canada. I 27 22. 31. 
Susie Patterson, Sun Valley. Idoho. 1.27.54. 33. 
Lindy Cochran, Richmond, Vt., I 27 93. 35, Gail 
Blackburn, Brunswick. Maine, 1:28.52. 36, Vanita 
Homing, Canada. 1:28.87. 37, M arv Seaton. Hon cock, M ich., 1:29.48. 38, Tianlo Tuft. Colorado 
Springs. Colo . 1:29.79. 39, Lau rie Bak e r, M arb irhead, Mass., 1:29.81. 4o, Jane Tidbail. Canada. 
1:3o 73. 
D NP: Vikl Fleckenstein, Syracuse, N Y _ 

* > n r i n g 

T E X A S C O L L E G E T O U R N E Y 

Results of the foil competition of the Texas 
Collegiate Fencing championships completed late 
Saturday night in Austin Epee competition will be held this Sunday at Rice. 
Men's Foil: 
I, Robert Bourn, Houston. 5-o; 2, 
John Moreau. SWT, 3-2; David Ladym an, Rice. 
3 2; 4. Jim Jackson. S W I, 3-2; 5. Mike Monks, 
Houston, I 4; 26. Boley Burk, SW T, (35. 
Women s Foil: 
I. M ary Neal. Texas, 3 2; 2. 
M anly Brateman, A&M, 3 2; 3, Debbie Prltsker. 
SWT. 3 2; 4. Linda Haves, SWT. J 2: 5. Brenda 
Spenser, Texas, 3; 6, Pom Gignac. SWT, o-5. 
Teom Leaders: 
I. SWT 37; 2, Houston 19; 3. 
Texas 19, A&M 12; Rice 9. 

< P »lf 

Itattobiill 

 fyrie-ltanaa 

P E A R L C Y C L E C LU B 
Son Antonio s Peart Cycle Club took three first places Sunday in its initial competition of the season at Austin. Matthew Allen won the opening race for kids IO years ond younger. Doug Walton won the 28 mile senior 3 race and Rachel Poussom took the 2om!le women's race. Other SA finishers included: Don Hayter ond Dave Tapia, second and fourth in 2o mile senior 4 event; Mike Hodges, fifth in 4&mlle senior 2 event; and Pat Hodges, second 
In 52-mile senior I race. 

Boxing 

SACC 

A — Robert Tucker. Mrs. R O. Arneson, George 
Luhn and Mrs. William Broiev. 115; B — Dr. ond 
Mrs. M E . Wagenluehr, and Mr. and M rs. Fred 
Groos. 126. 

PAN A M ER IC A N 

San Podilla ond Fred Castillo. 61; Jesse Aguilion and Frank Lopez, e l; Je ss e G a rz a and R ay 
Aguilion, 63. 

W IN C R E ST ACE 

Allan Mitchell sank a hole in one Sunday on the lit yard, seventh hole at Windcrest. He used a 
9 iron. 

ALAM O C IT Y GA 

Joe Cano. 757 68; Tmo Almanza. 84 16 68. Red 
Nogueirq 
7I-J-68; 
I P. 
Ortiz. 
81 13 68. 
George 
Mora. BS 17 68. 

SH ERA TO N 

Low bo 11 — ( I ) Joe O 'B rien Al B e tilc v . Bob 
Lynch and John O Brien 51 (tie) Ja y Cox, Buck 
Miller ond Dor Grainger 
(2) Bob Reid, Tony 
Bankston and Bobby Reid 52 llortw Haring 

# SANTA ANITA: 
$273,55o Sonto Anita HandiCOO 
— Crystal Water ($11.6o). Falirgki, King Peilmore. 
A mile and 1/4 in I 59 1/5 

FA IR G RO UN D S: 
$34,ooo Bgyou Handicap -*• 
For Iona ($3 8o). Hail To El. Critical Miss. A mile and 1/16 in I - 44 J/ 5 

This week s fights. 

Monday 
At Stockton. Cant. Indian Yaaui Lopez. Stockton, vs Larry Castaneda. Phoenix, tight heavies, IO. 
Wednesday 
At San Corlos. E rw in W illiam s, O akland, vs. 
Andre Beard, Los Angeles, middies. IO. 

Thursday 

At Los Angeles, Olympic Auditorium, Bernardo 
Mercado. Colombia, vs. Don johnson, Los Angeles, heavies. IO. 

Friday 

At 
S a cra m e n to . 
C o n t.. 
P e te 
R o n x o n v. 
Sacramento, vs. Judo Gomez. Chile, welterweights. 
12, tor Ranxany s North American welter title. 

At Philadelphia. Arena. Vito Antuofermo. New 
York, w Cyclone Hart. Phiiiodeiphia, middles. IO. 
Eddie Gregory, New York, vs. Matthew Franklin. 
Philadelphia, light heavies, IO. 

Bowling 

Polo 
Cibolo Volley defeated Kingsville. 9 S. Sunday in a polo match at Brackenridge Pork Rudy Salinas hod tour goals tor Cibolo and Mike Carney con triouied three 
Auto Baring 

ONTARIO. Calif. (A P ) — Results, lops completed and winner s speed at the Twin 2oo stock car and championship car races Sunday at the O ntario 
Motor Speedway: 

Stock Cars 

I Jim m y Insoio. Chevrolet, 8o. 126.9o7 miles per hour 
7 Bobby Unser, Comoro 8o 
J A.J. Fovt, Chevrolet, 8o 
4 Chuck Bown. Chevoriet. 79 
5 Ron Hutcnerson, Plymouth, 79. 
6 Vince Gtomformaggie), Chevrolet, 79 
7 Dove Cecker. Dodge. 79 
8 Paul Feidner. Dodge. 79 
9 Bid Baker, Chevrolet. 78. 
1o Woody Fisher. Dodge. 77 
11 Sandy Saluda. Chevrolet. 77 
12 Roger McCiuskey. Chevrolet. 74. 
Ii. Pat Mintey, Chevrolet. 74 
14. Sumner McKnight, Chevrolet, 74. 
15. Jack Simpson. Chevrolet, 71. 
16 Glen Francis. Chevrolet. 58. 
17. John Omeen. Ford. 56 
18- Sonny Easley. Ford. $J. i9 Gory Matthews. Plymouth, 37 
2o. Bay Domed. Dodge. J/. 
21 Chuck Wahl, Chevrolet, 28 
22 Don Puskarich. Chevrolet, 22 
23 Mike Hiss. Chevrolet. 21 
24 Sal Toveda. Plymouth, 18 
25 Bob Dotter, Chevrolet, 9 
26 Jim Robinson. Chevrolet. 8 
2/ Ernie Slier Iv. Chevrolet, 5 
28 Chris Monoieos. Chevrolet. J 
29 Ken Miller, Chevrolet, J 
JO Dove Schiedecker, Chevrolet, 2 

S W T JB A 
Final results pending confirmation 

Teom: 
Class A — The Block Sabbath 3o24; 
Class B — Ferocious Bowlers 3126; Class C — 
Cox s Army 31o8; Class D — Brooks No. Three 
2982. Class E - Hot Shots No Four 3o38 

Doubles: Class A — Bobby H errera ond Robert 
X 
Hernandez 1328; Class B — Kathleen Kours and Melissa Srhrank 1323; C lass C — Alexa 
Norman and Jim m y Burdick 1329. Class D — 
Harriet Smith and Terri Sotvev 1291; Class E — 
Anna Ruiz and Charlie Green. 
Boys singlet: Class A — joe Bennett 7o$; Class 
B - David Dehart / ll; Clots C — (be) Steven 
Waggoner and Bruce Dodson 686; Class D - 
Craig Titus 722; Class E — Ronnie Heishman 458. 

Girls singles: 
Class A — Janeen Schoak 6J5; 
Class B — Kours 725; Class C — Joanna Pinkston 
739; Coloss D — Lisa Gonzales 658; Class E — 
Debbie Gonzales 696. 

All events beys: 
Class A — John Wet* )96v; 
Clots B — Dehort 2oo4; Class C — Frank Mottos 
198o, Class D - Titus 2o36; Class E - Robert 
Loryea 1948. 

All events girls: 
Class A ~ Jude Robe I8I»; 
Class B — Kours 2o97; Class C — Pinkston 21o9; 
Class D — Jeannie Klaus 1884, Class E — Debbie 
Gonzales 2o17. 
Final E-M cage poll 

F IN A L TOP T EN 

Here ore the results of the final weekly E x ­ press News High School boys basketball poll. 
Writers voting used o 1o-9-8 7-4-54-3 2-1 system tor first, second, third, etc 
Team first place votes, 
•earn record ond total points are located at the right of team 

BO YS 

I Burbank (6) 34-4 
. Houston (28 8) 
J Lee (24 IO) 
J Kennedy (28-12) 
5. Ja y (23-1o) 
6 MacArthur (22-1o) 
7 Judson (24-1o) 
8 Roosevelt (24 9) 
9 Wheatley (25 I II 
<o Lanier 
2o-14) 
O T H E R S R E C E IV IN G V O T E S 
(17 17) 3 

5o 
45 it 
27 
2) 
19 
17 
4 
M em or tai 

C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 

Sunday's Gomes 

Texas Tech 76, Texas A&M 65, first gome, IO innings. 
Pan Ament on 7 9. Northern Iowa 4 1 

L a f r o f t s e 

LA C R O SSE 
At Houston 

The Son Antonio Lacrosse Club detected the 
Houston Lacrosse Club. 64, Sunday afternoon to bring their league record to 2 1. Oavid Brom er and Chip Flanagan led the San Antonio a llo tk. 

Playoff title 

PATT A YA, Thailand (A P) - Ju* pan’s Yurio Akitomi won the Thailand 
Open Golf Championship Sunday in a sudden-dealh playoff. 
Akllomi, Japans Takahiro Ta key a- su and Martin Behen of the United 
States ended the regulation 72 holes with identical torals 284. 
In the sudden-death play, TakeyabU was eliminated after the second hole, finishing third. Akitomi and Behen played for four more holes before the 
2ti year old Japanese took the title. 

Schoolboy baseball 

Monday’s Games 

Memorial al Lanier, 4.15. 
Sam Houston ai Holy Cross. 4:1$. 
Jefferson at Harlandoie. 4:15. 
Roosevelt vs. Joy, BAC, 4; 15. 
Churchill at Antonian. 4 15 
McCollum at Alamo Heights. 4 15. 
Edgewood at St C urara s, 4 p rn 
Kennedy at But bons, 4 15 
Gonzales al Seguin. 4 15 
Southwest at East Central, J 15 
Clemens al Lockhart (2). * JO 
Kerrville Tivy ut Cote 4:15 
Marshall vs, South San West, Burrow s F t 15 
Hoimgs at South San Antonio. / Jo 
Medina Valley ut Uvalde, I id 

City Itecerds 

JO, Horiondai 
McCollum 5 o. South Sun 
3o 1, Sam Houston JO 
Judson J I . John Jo y 4 I Lanier J I Holy Croi 
J I . Central Catnoiu s I I Roosevelt 2 I, Anion to 
2 I, Cole 2 1. Highlands l l, C hurchill |.|, S 
G e rard s I t, Somerset l l, Fa* Tech I I I. je terson I l l. Edison OI 
Clemens 3 2. Kennedy 2 2, Holmes I 2. Marsh® t-2 Southwest 12. Alamo Heights o-2 
Lee 2 3. MacArthur I-J, South Son 1-3, Meenon 
13. SouthsLde 1-3, Burbank o-3. Wheatley o-3. tu s i Central o-4, Edgewood o 4. 

Major rage standings 

Atlantic Coast Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

 w L Pct. W L Pct. 
9 3 .75o 25 
J .86? 
* N Caro. 
Clemson 
Woke Forest 
Maryland 
N C oto. St. 
Duke 
Virginia 

8 4 .667 
22 6 . 786 
8 
J .667 
2o 
7 .741 

Oeorqia Tech 
Tulane 
Mem phis St. 
Florida St. 
St. Louis 

3 3 .5oo 
3 3 .SOO 
3 4 .429 
2 4 .333 
I 5 167 

18 IO W2 
IO 17 .371 
TO 8 .714 
16 ll .592 
7 19 .269 

Southern Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

7 
5 .731 
6 6 .5oo 
2 IO .166 
2 IO .166 

19 8 . 7o4 
17 ll .6o7 
14 13 .519 
I? 17 .414 

Western Athletic Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

 x won conference tournam ent 

B is Eight Conference 
Conference 
All G am es 

 can sos St. 
Missouri 
X a h o m o 
Kansas 
N ebraska 
Colorado 
O klahom a St. 
Iowa St. 

W L Pct. ll 3 .786 
9 5 643 
9 5 .643 
8 6 .571 
7 7 .SOO 
5 9 .357 
4 IO 286 
3 ll .214 

W L Pct. 
22 
7 .759 
21 
8 .724 
18 IO .643 
18 IO .643 
IS 14 .517 ll 16 .4o7 
IO 17 .37o 
7 2o .259 

Utah 
Ancona 
New M e*. 
W yom ing 
Anc. St. 
Coto. St. 
Brig Young 
Tex El Paso 

W L Pct. W L Pct. ll 
3 .786 
21 6 .778 
IO 
4 .714 
21 5 .8o8 
8 
6 .571 
19 ll .633 
8 
6 .571 
17 IO 63o 
6 
8 .429 
15 13 . 536 
6 
8 .429 
13 12 . 52o 
4 
IO .286 
12 15 .444 
3 ll .214 ll 15 .423 

 v-Va Mil. 
Furm an 
Appalachian 
W m & M a ry 
E Carolina 
Davidson 
Citadel x Term Chott x W Carolina x M arshall 

W L Pct. 
8 2 .6oo 
8 2 8oo 
8 4 .667 
7 4 636 
3 9 .25o 
2 8 .2oo 
2 9 .182 
o o .ooo 
o o OOO 
o o .OOO 

W L Pct. 
25 
3 893 
18 IO .643 
17 12 .586 
16 14 .533 
IO 18 .357 
5 22 .185 
8 19 296 
24 
5 828 
8 16 .333 
8 19 .296 

Kent St 
4 IO 
.276 
8 17 .32o 
Ohio U. 
4 ll 
.266 
9 16 36o 
E M ichigan 
4 12 
.25o 
9 18 .333 

Ivy League 
Conference 
Att Gam es 

Missouri Valley Conference 
Conference 
All Gom es 

 x Ineligible for con ference ch am p io n sh ip v W on c o n fe re n ce to u rn am e n t and N C A A T o u rn e y berth 

Mid American Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

Princeton 
Pennsylvania 
Colum bia 
H arvard 
Brow n 
Cornell 
Yale 
Dartm outh 

L Pct, 
1 .929 
2 .857 
6 .571 
8 479 
9 .357 
9 3o8 
9 3o8 ll 214 

W L Pct. 
21 
4 .84o 
18 
8 .692 
16 IO 615 
9 16 .36o 
6 2o .231 
7 18 .28o 
7 18 .28o 
4 22 .154 

Pacific Eight Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

Metro Seven Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

Louisville 
Cincinnati 

S Illinois 
New Mex. st. 
Wichita St 
W Texas St. 
D rake 
Bradley 
Tulsa 

W L Pct. 
21 
6 .778 
17 IO 634 
18 IO .643 
17 13 .567 
IO 17 .37o 
9 19 .321 
6 21 .222 

W 
Miam i, O. 
13 
Cent M ichigan 12 
Toledo 
12 
N illinois 
9 
W M ichigan 
7 
Ball St 
7 
Bowlina Green 5 

L Pct. 
3 .866 
3 .8oo 
4 .75o 
6 6oo 
8 .466 
9 .437 ll .312 

W L Pct 
19 6 .76o 
17 
9 .653 
21 
6 .777 
12 14 463 
13 13 5oo ll 14 444 
9 18 333 

W 
U C L A ll 
Oregon 
9 
W ashington St. 8 
Oregon St. 
Washington 
California 
Stanford 
S California 

L Pct. 
3 .786 
5 643 
6 571 
6 .571 
6 571 
I .5oo 
11 .214 
12 .143 

W L Pct. 
23 
4 .852 
18 
9 667 
19 8 .rn 
16 13 .552 
17 IO .63o 
12 IS 444 ll 16 4o7 
6 TO .231 
Special 
Tune-Up 
~ Offer! 
This Week Only! 

Most 6 cyl. 
American 
Cars 
8 cyl. cars $3 extra 

You Save $9.18 

An expert engine tune-up could mean better performance from your car! Our 
Specialists will install new spark plugs, condenser, rotor, and reset dwell and timing. It could increase your gas mileage. 

WITH TH IS COUPON i Front-End Alignment i s4°° OFF! everyday low price. 
| We adjust Caster. Camber. Toe-In and Toe-Out i settings to manufacturer’s specifications. You’ll 
! feel the difference! 
OW sr expire* Saturday, March 12, 1977 

WITH THIS CO U PO N” 

A great tire for economy-minded shoppers 
Featuring a rugged four-ply construc­ tion twm-tread design.. and power curve shoulders 

Larger sizes and whitewalls comparably priced 

OiChange&Lube 
32°° OFF! everyday low price. 

{ We add up to five quarts of Quaker State Super i Blend Motor Oil, and use famous name 
• lubricant. 

I . 
Offer expire* Saturday, March 12, 1977 

RAIN CHECK Should our supply o! some sues or lines run shod dunng this event we will honor any orders placed now tor future delivery at the advedised price 
Sooner or later, you’ll own Generals 

Charge It af Ganaraf 
Va atta Hana* 
R E Z 
M*ti«' Oxtg* 

Omen Club 
Ament in I lpm * 

M IS N. McCullough 
344-9291 
Of Ieee 41o tar NM 
Had Mer* Star I 
O w w M y r t l e a m . «• A m o 
■ss. tim Serf. 

JOSKI’* 
CAK CAK! CIN TIK las L Ceiwerte 
H M M *. JI J-1 SAS dotfy 1:9o ta A M o­ oed then. 'HI 9 mum. 

 a 19o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
924-4411 
I Mech in t Off IM 35 lee* 
Ope* deity 7:9o aw. te 4 Mo­ tto. Hire Set. 

“FAMILY FUN IN THE OUTDOORS” 
The 1977 San Antonio 
Camping & 
TRAVEL SHOW 
Wednesday, Mar. 9 — Sunday, Mar. 13 
Convention Center Exhibit Hall 

Fold-Out Campers • Pickup Coaches • Fifth Wheels 
Travel Trailers • Van Campers • Motor Homes 

— plus— 
RV Accessories • Vans * Campgrounds 
Marinas • Outdoor Clubs 
TRAVEL 

* Mexican Tourist Bureau * Resorts 
AND---- 
★ Falstaff’s Annual Dart Classic * 
★ Continous Travel Film Theatre ★ 

OPENS WED., MAR. 9 

Admission: Adults $2.oo — Children under 12 5o$ 

Wednesday through Friday.. 5:oo p.m. to 1o:oo p.m. 
Saturday 1OO p m. to 1o:oo p.m. — Sunday 1:oo p m. to 7:oo p.m. 

Sponsored by the Alamo Chapter of the Recreational Vehicle Dealers ot America 

Pacific 
Coast 
Athletic 
Association 
Conference 
All G am e* 

Long Beach St. 
San Diego St. 
San Jose St 
Fullerton 
Pacific 
U C Santo 
3 9 25o 
Fresno St 

L Pct. 
3 .75o 
3 .75o 
4 667 
5 583 
7 417 

8 18 3o8 
I ll 

W L Pct. 
TO 
7 741 
13 15 464 
17 ll ,6o7 
16 IO 615 ll It 444 
B arbr 

o83 
7 2o 259 

Big Ten Conference 
Conference 
All Gam e* 

M ichigan 
Minnesota 
Purdue 
Iowa 
Indiana 
M ichigan SI. 
Illinois 
W isconsin 
Northwester n 
Ohio St. 

L Pct. 
2 .889 
3 833 
5 .722 
8 .556 
9 .5oo 
11 .389 
12 .333 
13 .278 
13 .278 
14 227 

W L Pct. 
23 
3 885 
24 
3 889 
19 
8 7o4 
18 9 .667 
14 13 .519 
IO 17 .37o 
14 16 .467 
9 17 .346 
7 2o .259 
9 18 .333 

Southeastern Conference 
Conference 
All Gam es 

T ennessee 
Kentucky 
Alabam a 
F tor Id a 
Louisiana St. 
Auburn 
Vanderbilt 
M is s is s ip p i St 
M ississippi 
Georgia 

W L Pct. 
15 
2 88? 
IS 7 88? l l 
I .765 
IO 
7 .588 
8 IO 414 
6 ll .153 
6 ll .353 
5 12 .294 
5 13 .278 
3 14 176 

W L Pct. 
21 
5 8o8 
71 
3 885 
27 
4 816 
I? 8 .68o 
15 I? 556 
13 I? .57o 
1o IS IOO 
13 13 5oo 
11 16 4o7 
9 17 4o7 

Barker bags crown 

SAN FRANCISCO (A P) — 
Young Sue Barker won the 
$1oo,ooo San Francisco women’s tennis tournament Sunday with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Virginia 
Wade in an all-English final. 

Miss Barker. 2o, kept her opponent off balance throughout most of the match with deep baseline rallies and well-placed passing shots. 
It was the fourth time Miss Barker had made the finals in six tournaments on this season’s pro circuit. She lost her three previous final m atches to 
Martina Navratilova. 
The Paignton, E ngland, resident broke Miss W ade’s serve six tim es, three tim es in each set. 
After trading service breaks in the opening two gam es of the first set, each player held service easily for two games, then Miss Barker won the final three games. 
In the second set with the games tied 
3-3, Miss Barker broke the 31-vear-old veteran’s service then held her own twice to win the match. 
The match-winning game was indi­ cative. Miss Barker, ranked sixth in the world and seeded second here, went ahead 4o-o on two deep drives to 
Miss Wade’s backhand and a passing slam. After Miss Barker hit one volley out and another into the net, she took 
(he $2o,ooo victory with a passing shot to the corner which Miss Wade was unable to return. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS— Mondoy March 7 1977 
Page ' 5-D 

A i l IMwilpiE 
Barker returns W a d e serve 

A P W IR E P H O T O 

Woman makes a splash 

Peggy Feldman was a one-wo­ man team. 

Miss Feldman, swimming for the Naval Academy this last w eekend at the 
E astern 
Collegiate Swimming champion­ ships, recorded 68 points, while placing in the only five events she entered. 

The Jefferson High graduate was Navy's only entry and her 68 points gave the Academy 13th place out of 48 teams entered in the meet. She is a freshman at 
Navy. 

F eldm an, an oft-honored swim m er in San Antonio for several y ears, claim ed first place in two events and set pool and meet records in both during competition at the University of 
Delaware. 

She had two firsts, one second, one third and one eighth. 

Feldman cracked records in the 2oo (2:11.1) and 4oo (4:38.1) yard individual m edleys. She was second in the 5oo freestyle 
(5:11.1), third in the 2oo freestyle 
(1:55.7) and eighth in thd IOO freestyle (o:55.5). 

Motor Independent* 

W L Pct. Gottfried loses 

2 .926 
2 .976 
3 .893 
3 893 
3 889 
4 .857 
5 .821 
6 .778 
6 778 
6 .778 
6 .769 
6 769 
6 .769 
6 769 
8 7o4 
8 7o4 
8 7o4 
9 .7oo 
8 .69? 
8 68o 
9 667 
19 IO 655 
17 
9 654 
16 
9 64o 
16 9 64o 
17 IO 63o 
17 IO 63o 
19 I? fell 
15 IO 6oo 
16 ll .59J 
IS ll .577 
15 ll .577 
IS ll .577 
15 ll .5/7 
13 IO 565 
14 ll 56o 
15 I? .556 
15 I? 556 
15 I? .556 
13 ll 54? 
I i ll .54? 
13 17 57o 
U 12 57o 
13 17 52o 

Indiana SI. 
Nev-Lo s Vegas 
Old Dom inion 
Syracuse 
Detroit 
Providence 
Holy Cross 
N Texas St 
Oral Roberts 
Creighton 
Illinois SI 
Noire Dam e 
SI. Bonaventure 
Marquette 
A rm y 
Georgetown, D C 
W is Milwaukee 
St. Joh ns, N Y. 
Pan Am erican 
Seton Hall 
V a Tech 
How ard 
M adison 
NVY La 
Portland St. 
Connecticut 
Fairfield 
G a Southern 
Iona 
Dayton 
Oklahom a City 
Richm ond 
St Francis. P a 
DePaul 
S.Carolina St 
N CaroW itm ington 
N E Louisiana 
Stetson 
Utah St. 
Colgate 
N avy 
Valparaiso 
Maine 
Rhode Island 
S Carolina 
14 13 .519 
Catholic, D C l l IJ SOO 
Chicago Loyola 
13 13 5oo 
Fairieigh Dickinson lj Ll SOO 
N iagara 
13 13 .5oo 
St. Peter s 
13 13 .5oo 
V a Commonwealth 
13 13 .5oo 
Butler 
Ll 14 481 
Manhattan 
13 14 .J8I 
New H am pshire 
17 14 .46, 
St. Francis. N Y. 
12 14 462 
Denver 
12 15 444 
Northeastern ll 14 44o 
Air Forte ll 16 4o7 
S.Mississippi 
IO 16 .385 
Steno 
9 15 .375 
Cleveland St 
IO 17 37o 
Long Island 
9 16 .36o 
M arshall 
9 16 36o 
N Cotorcido 
9 16 31*o 
Centenary lo IS 357 
Cincinnati Xavier 
9 17 34* 
Western Carolina 
8 I* .333 
Hawaii 
8 17 .32o 
Verm ont 
8 17 .32o 
Boston Col 
8 18 
1o8 
Baptist 
8 19 ?9* 
Rooert M o rris 
7 19 ?6V 
Boston U. 
7 19 .2*9 
S a n fo rd 
7 19 7*9 
M ercer 
J 19 .269 
Houston Baptist 
7 22 .241 
H ardin Sim m ons 
6 71 .227 
Fordham 
$ 21 .192 
Buffalo 
4 2o 1*7 
C o n giu s 
3 71 .125 
W agner 
3 21 .125 
N Carolina A& T 
7 75 .o74 
Delaw are St 
I 25 o38 
Tech socks 
Aggies 

LUBBOCK 
(A P ) 
- 
Johnny V estal paced 
Texas Tech with six hits in eight times at bat to lead the Red Raiders to a 
7-6, 6-5 college baseball sweep Sunday over Texas 
AAM. 
A&M tied the first game six all in the bot­ tom of the seventh in­ ning, hut Brian Cowan hit a sacrifice fly in the 
1oth to drive in the win­ ning run. 
In the nightcap. Skip­ per Mills picked up his second \ ictory of the year against no losses while 
Jim 
M cW illiam s absorbed the loss, his first against two wins. 
F irst g a m * 
T e xas 
A & M 
OO? o17 IOO o ~ * I? o 
T e x a s 
T ech 
22o 2oo OOO 1 - 7 112 
P ie c iv n sk i, R o s s <41, P o c k r u s 
• 9) ond T u rn e r G a rcia . B la c k <51 a n d L e im g ru b e r. W — B la c k . 3 2 
L - B a c k r u s. O I 
H R — T e x a s 
Tech. Vestal, I 
Second game 
T e x a s A A M IOO IOO 3 — 5 8 I 
T e x a s Tech 21o IO? » — 6 9 7 
M c W illia m s. L e o in e r w o o d <51 a n d T urner, H a w th o rn e (71 M ills a n d 
H a r r i s . 
W - M t H s . 
2 o 
L — M c W illia m s. J I A 8oo 
O I! prevails 

GUADALAJARA, Mex leo 
(A P ) 
- 
The 
University of Oklahoma, the U.S. national colle­ giate golf cham pions, dominated the second in ternalional Bing Crosby 
Golf Tournament at the 
San Isidro Country Club, gaining a 16-stroke vic­ tory over the University of Georgia, 1169-1185 

MEMPHIS (AP) — Bjorn Borg, the tournam ent’s No. I seed, defeated 
Brian Gottfried 6-4, 6-3, 4-6, 7-5 Sunday to win the $28,ooo singles prize in the 
U.S. National Indoor Championships. 

Borg took advantage of Gottfried's service problems in the first two sets, playing his regular baseline game but occasionally going to the net. 

Gottfried, the No. 4. seed, did not get 

 his own net game untracked and got hurt attem pting to rally from the baseline with Borg. 

In the third set, Gottfried’s serve improved and his backcourt strategy began to pay off. 

But Borg strengthened in the fourth set and, utilizing several excellent passing shots, broke Gottfried in the 
12th game to win the match. 

LET’S GO FISHING 
The Drum Run Is On In Corpus Christi 
CART. CLARK & SALIY-D BOATS 

Three Departures Daily: 7:3o a.m., 2:oo p.m., 8.oo p.m. 

Bait Furnished 
Adults - $ 6 .o o 
Tackle Available 
Child - $ 3 .o o 

Best Catches for Drum are Afternoon and Night Trips. 

Boats located Downtown Corpus Chmn on People* Street T-Heod. 
884-4369 

EXON 

A R C A R E C EN T ER 
T 
Brake Special 

Dkr Brake*; 
2-Wheel Drum Brakes 
■ 
2-Front Disc Brakes 
*499553995 

Includes most U.S. cars. Toyotas. Datsuns. Volksw agens and Capris. Excludes Corvettes, T o rn a d o s. Eldorados and high-performance cars. Caliper rebuilding on disc brakes not included 

• We ll install our best brake linings or disc pads, warranted against wearout for 3o,ooo miles or 3o months.* 
• Resurface disc rotors or brake drums. 
• Rebuild drum brake wheel cylinders. Check disc brake calipers. 
• Drain, refill and check hydraulic system. 
• Lubricate outer front-wheel bearings. 
• Adjust emergency brake. 
• Road-test car. 
Offer ends March 31. 

-E X X O N LIM IT E D W ARRANTY SU M M AR Y 
3o,ooo M ILES/3 o M ON THS 
Brake linings and disc pads installed at Exxon-oper- ated Car Caro Centers are warranted to the original purchaser against wearout and material and workman­ ship selects tor 3o,ooo miles or 3o months, whichever com es first 
During the entire warranty period, new parts will be furnished without chargo at any such location. After 9o days or 4 ooo miles, there will be an installation charge. See your Exxon Car Care Cen­ ter tor full text of warranty 

Save now on front-end alignment. 
$1195 
Plus parts if needed. U S. cars. 
Excludes Corvettes. 

This important service can help correct a common cause of front-end parts' wear and “road wander.’’ 
Helps prevent rapid tire wear due to misalignment. 

We employ mechanics certified by 

 any Atlas * 
Sir filter or spin-on oil filter 

M i l l i i 

Let us show you their credentials. 
This symbol assures you that many of our mechanics have qualified to receive the certification of the National Institute for 
Automotive Service Excellence, an organization that stresses professional­ ism through mechanic certification. We encourage our mechanics to receive this certification, because we want to offer you the best service available for your car. 

Free written estimate on every job over $2o. We will save used parts for your inspection at your request, offers end March 31 Charge it on your Exxon Credit Card, BankAmericard or Master Charge Card. 
All service 

6 area locations. Cal or come by today! 

Central Park 
341-6288 
1oOO Loop 41o at 
Blanco Road 

Cuiebra 
736-2623 
1o38 Cuiebra at Zarzamora 

North Park 
824-96o8 
12o2 Loop 41o al Nacogdoches 
Flux Detox* Car WMH 

San Pedro Park 
224-9531 
8o2 San Pedro Ave and Cypress 

West Avenue 
Westwood 
732-9672 
673-2451 
23o2 West Ave 
7oo3 Hwy 9o West at and I-1o North 
Milita.y Drive West 

 i 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS— Monday March 7 I 977 

KOCH REACTS to Sunray $ wtrw>in-g putt 
Lyle reports to Yank camp 

 s p ) 
— 
B l o u n t h p * I« y 

 j r m r i m n :im " ta* tm * 
»u?kuc rom J iA rm .rn.D A iz, rim. 

" t 'p u r l e d it* ttat* \ p v ^ i r k Y ttfibw w 

 n f it * f itn * p iif b e m wast** d u t . mud tikuv P re t-id e tii B rin * P m mmim& IIM' uiH inim rLic r e iie v rn: cawuh* ut tub u rt*\ iu u i ouniriH h 

 r u n mm ’.ut a w m a u m Im anti ‘.tit r e Ut? j m e tie r iu im t I® reaofc a g r e e * I m erit iii i new tu n ttn tc l ii tan m w 
I nut b u n d t)' i> \1* v in nu*(a im him 
I in • .* a ,m m a P a il reduueti in rn* 
1 ia” ' ti* t il! 21 jw i re m ttln m u u H u n ite r J 
Un ren ew al • ;au •>• byp haiti ie vomit Tint pa*' mr tnt I ankee th e veal ll I m pit I Miguel ii ti 
J i lev airtim e! tv turn tin wannin ttiurtk 
I 

 ii* tim ti* fe mnHUiu i Urre* -year i 
W B }M B ftm t-a c . 
" s a lt I w anted ti agre* w ilt lim n 
I ar ie 
»rau*n iv 
Ut* m u * tilt m s * «**r 
I 

* 
* 
‘ 
. /. t* ait! 
" mc In ii ii tint 
I 

 aam a Hi* i jute nu my ujitinr J v ill 
I 
IMS a ;.'’ in* U n *H a n im e ; w ttlin u 
» i 

H a b e b a t I 

 e x h i b i t i o n * 

‘faaMMMi m o m 

Vl«V^<(Kl 
M o i * 

I*Mr*Min. Mortt- Mi 

 un 
K l fit is Lift. 

W H a" 

I ii ll) IIM mtmiu*?* d'dC'Ml**’ in* 
V 
IP .IIH win* 

IbcfeW :%$ mmm v 
* 
, * pl j w in tie 
* a ’ victors w ftr f* tn tu t w*** . 
, 
Crocs in Uh 
, 
/ 
Mideast Re#im I- 
-,#■ s.- 
, f . 
CnUvgiati tebbt^K 
*!;.!! 

 men! next by»4 *y a MiwmiBeiw» 

Marquette |S ^, m sttvn: , lyuem bn! Sunday and w ill im#* ? n« t>M, 

 tho Midwest Begani*. m .in,,,., 

Marquette led 5pte-4 i behint APem-Ma 
— uh u h played vtriu*% sui 
*-t 
\ game w it ho ut s ta r m 
* t h k . ' 

Green, who was injured - n*un* 

 comeback with a jw ir ai D r.* box*** jum pers. B axter, Green * r . j 

 im* ti I, 
P h il 
H u b b a rd ana 

Robinson U*d the comeback tutti 

 baskets and the Wolverines gut Man# i* •• 4f|f. r ^ ^ 
34% * 
# 

Koch captures tourney by 2 shots for *4o,ooo 

O RLA NDO , 
Flu 
( AD) 
- 
Front-running (Jury Koch, ai 2*1 ariot hot* in the growing corpn of youriK Bien who un* clatmiop the pro poll tour for their own, played just as well as In* had lo, composed a two •under put VO and won the Florida Citrus Open 
Sunday. 

Tin* hlendet Knell, ti U n iv ersity ut 
F'torida pruduci who wan urged on by utmost constant cries of 
Go Gator*, 
(in/* followed iii the footstep*# of sinh players as Hi un* f.iet/ke and l oin 
Purl/cr who have led lh* way in youth h doinination of the lour this wa win, 
He acquired hi* second tout I it Ii- th** first was Un T a lla h a sse e Open in his rookie year of Pi7r< 
* itll .# 72 boh total of 274 
14 under par on the IO** 
P in a r Cou ntry 
{ lot* c o w s * 
Hie bul h u m id arid h e a v ily w ooded la y o u t where he ore < won the ba*luna! f'«* / < * 
I harnpiofr blp 
G allery 

K och 
I ra t led by a huge g a lle ry of lo ca l frie n d s , M a rle d the ***‘<aMionally w indy day w ith a tw o-biroK e h a d and held Ha-1 lo p bt**d a ll the way d e spite 
«*/*t<«-*1 *^d < bah* f ge>, by G d g e fy ive 
Jnro-jfj arid S**oth A ln * 'an B ale fla y e r 

 who fa * * 'd a p ro h i* Hi of bei«-< t ju g 

 h#tweeri tw o p u tte rs on en* ii green 
Ile e v e n tu a lly n u lle d d o w n 
Uh* 
$411,ooo h o d p riz e w ith a #erum t>hn« p u r on the l ith , $ ut hod b ird ie pun on the l o l l and a i h ilt iii' pm on Un very lough lo th 
Ko! Ii also holed a bi- tool put having 

 putt OU the int ti bld lien Ii ie I cly made 

 hts w in n in g m a rg in twit si loge m ut 

 dead Ut one 
Ihiyea and IlMHUli lie d bd eel .did al 
‘.'/it I1 ut ii had a tom Mode) t«#i Oh lo luau VV ll ll »n et i alb etna I thai Ho iud ed beveil b ird ie * and th ro e hoe* VU 

F i l i a l H l a n d i n t f H , e a r n i n g * 

</!*< ANDO t i l . IAH) 
Ha af a# #.» n#«a «»<*.. 
o t f M l n i i k ii u n l i t ! / i n Iii* i / n ' t n im r#<a ag# * lie. '> i j i . i l 1i , ‘ i f i ) k n a n i u n In t, t, t n t i n f u n i t Hi*, e# 
< t, u k I i / • i«tit i m n 

 fifji i ¥■■ lt* Cl v#r (jut) im % Mn yru-b. % in y/r iGf hun#!* 
-vt!, *c A/ *1. / ♦* V/ cgi 
Cv#I.zfuji*t th^ y. %i ti.! 
DM* /fct Mc r. I/ /Z.7 
/ ‘ ^ it it.! 
Hit* 
*. 5-'. 
/ f {t i. lri,pf 
/ISA ti*ii** 
. %4 itM* 
M ass, i<*n i-4 /■•r, 
S 
.-4 /feat- f h H b f H * p i * ti i 4 /bt, t lift Zip, ad 
ZZ*'**/ MAp* i* 
Cz ^ w //4>« r 

 k t j f t w n 

 r.c*M 

Ac^y 
S*/ 

 th t fti i t ti t i t 

 f t in hit Co 
M z/; / f rho 
/ / ce by w 
/f><yy //is /J 
//k by </ /* / //o tilting t i n u t i o f t it** 

 i tA tM t i 
J en J t/ f /I th i f f tt&i 

 t i t 

 t,n to i /B /// 
/*/ <*y 

Iu Mf) 

. zy/i 
$/ 4g/»> 

 tot t o t 

 f i f f t i i f f ■ tm* t t, / / I ov 

 t i ii, iM IM i i I t i t i t i i f f t 4 l i f f t o i I / : /© I 
/ Hi t o i t j 
/// /fV 
/ . 
/? I 
/ / /V / I ZrV t O i t o t i i t i t i $ i t i OX t i i t 
/ t i i t i i f f t 
Oz ; t i ; i t t i it- v 
/ / ; /y i f f t n t t 4 t ] i f f f o CC 
-4 
/ ZiV /. / i f 4 
'< /v /•; // 
# //* /V/C 
/ i i ‘{ fry I r e f t i t t i t ' , ) 
I - 

 t i . . " ii i til I#. ^ . u n r n n l n i ' i 
I ‘ 
-■ i . l V H I i j i h h t ‘ t i l l i k l l -•» 
• lilts ;>i. 
I t w t I .I, Vti'-t i.ji ii , i i i I til ti 
I i.l I V t/»J 
I.' ■ , bra i- ie Sew iflii*. ii ll ' t i ii, tei.». ■/ ii ii i. j a, 4 

 n * ' fej m ‘■mtUn 
, 11 I -ii* I.,4 h a n n i • H 4n l i » i i u t /'/vim l i m m i t - i . ' ii. i ;.r. a,. ■.*•» e- ■ . , a.i. ............. i i a ..(• a,. . 
II .J' * I i* *, J ii t i>.,. I* 
■., iv . i vi, ,i. fc ■. ii;.,. i.i 

' <i ii ii - 
< a1 i i ii it ii aI ii 

 i 
, , , , 1 . 
L i IO ti) 11 
" , i i i , 

 t i i i 
1 1 
. , Ii , . . " , i i 
. ii t '111 i i i i - i . i i /if i , in ' tit ii i. i i I i t I ' O r I . 
I i , I I ii, 
/ I, I ii, 
" , , t i / , 
I , Hi I I if 
1, 1 1 - 1 i . i #V I ■■ '. fv / iii 
, . t h i . I 

 i / /, v. i i / , i i 

•iii, th I i i i 
<«/ 

 ti*, tv a. <ji i 

*5i'>i. ' . " j 'n.. 
. " i i 

 i ii. i t th ii a 
, , , 
, , i t i i l l 

I knew ii w o u ld he bo rd lo w in a tli * 
I m ade thai duuldi ptge.V OO t 'i llt“ 
Inm an eald 
Sieve M i lie, U Wao n* w ith OO i l l 

 fnijow od by ueoood round ie u g e t B oh 
/n fid e i fir a ita m M at uh of A o e tru ltu amt Va dm H cgaludo of M e lle n <*i irk 
/e o d c i abd M<nt#ti a Vill i.in io m tttU ijOO.ilibl inn a ro o kie on Iii!- A m ene.rn 
I I ii n il had /la w hite BeguliOlO M id ii 
{la id fcfgveo tfinlei pal OU i an bed aa lid 
Ila , a Ileal lOObd 

NI i ll b 

Nolo Of the name 4- eclat.Ik ln 'l alala 
1 
11 re a lly hoi to Itll IM Ie eh u ee 
M a, fe re / h u m p B a y IM oyd m e fiu g e 4 o 
1 lo c i on oh for ibo n e te n d i m / f ille tioidei Huh h win w ee r f ittb 
A rnold 
P a to n 1 b O u g eied lo a />/ am t 2b/ 
Ami 
I ei* i 1 e vino lo o n b tote tem omi n a n d m e m a fo i h a. n f o r g e r y taal yegi 
.dad /I) and bad U ZN*? Od al 

I eafl I HOilk of aby Ola.* i d I albe'! 
WM! ih a o lim e in l e o h a l b lo! Ida caid 
Pre Ii a reteidefjit o f o e u rb y ie m p j. fella*e who feurd he played tim IO 1 
..,m p c iM i vC lorn nan., m ai age if 
/In a * ‘/ i p fee 
I*.a Ii 
* l!l!iei o f Ofliy t i M tffeai j/.*! 
Hoc >* a* adorn md Mi rn * von. in.ife OO l e e p i n ie* lo p claa/te ii ipoejkiy 
IM OlUde in o lln e p a l# *>o Hie Hr cl fen* 
(ad* c fo id w d 11.*. . *. veeU i b o o l H o n . feel caved pa* a Ii ii a cl,* fu»*le* on Hie c ig ti Hi 
Hie/* ce* a m b le d Mo pa*' ag a/*/ 
OM * hi filii 

The solution to my business problems was right in front of my nose. 
But somehow, I never put my finger on It. 

SL 
% 

■ V 

 k*,i Clit I u b h iMstwueiit p» v o ic u ii, lruv« vjuu w«f> ,4 , >»v / jutiw ♦*- 
Wivutli* >v' a* tKiHo ftjf„•nets' 's j" • c.tw trcjnsohui^ fJw uuc/. Kh*.» 
Wttt !iiv*jrwtJt'KHrC t f fl tip rah l**t TTI* 

 n l it iii* Ur* '.UU vt' O u u ii uufe* 

 to rcs i n - ;) 
.flirt B o r o iu U l w art*-!' 

 v trtiu ^p J ca u n ti In* in c iv m u rd e hi* 
VTTftltinWlf ttHfW twit k U* < JrUlUUvo 

UU vviiU' 
.JttK dr! I tvdiife* tm ftiRvwtrf weu ll. train a! hi* a1 tm lp m 

 b r t v e t u * U h b e l l . 

I v a in * c. in * u h * Ute on . w a r 
P'-ottf uvtr to* liitfflbH 
Dis Win*.* 

I Hen w u Iliff IKM n tv 

 vV* * v * iv iu w *- M i 
.*./|U nSiffp. . 

• m <*'Un*^. w m r i ou u !-'*‘ !ii j i V '. V U f W t i I 

• U t u . 
»* I. 
. l . ^ . 
Lu... 

 vv« ai v ua'iCtd 

 t>i pf*JV)i*:M i)u (U 'a«d v t i* 

 a '.)'VV/. 

I IU V O W ? 4 W 'a d 
Bwayftfd vy iii) tvw’.V'Sx ikf. iv raarj. 

 gV’Uife, I WU/ ikfUir- 
I lti|!i»,*C iv 
*»:' 

-v tq . Did n o*',* W U K 
*j* tm <e wvvwr* tv vuf v-Vtimihvtl 

 pi *>U**?t I 

 k p u I Oil tip i' V U ' l i v e WtU 

1 t i v ! * 
.) ( t'c M i* 
'h jv c a v e it 
‘. ‘jB m .'U ’.n 

 i*fli*c; wvr*rt *rt' fra iiig Im KC l r 
VM urvt. 

*K ll kl WIi»ti < KrpUnlUi* W iu p a ti' feuC tunic mn. vt lev < dive* pac lien vt « 

H 's ji *-.x p k J !k il*v ti Bvt IC JC o% v jv p»*’ 

VfUiPr *-A pkiikll**./ie I*' u o iitp v.vJhm lU 'Jl 

 iC tk* 

‘a* 
/.»• «y 
Julia*na 
V. rn* VU #V ti'Apa*K 

 i ‘ KV'Vwi' a b v 
U v o * * »,* ck-Hk iv j t*v».«> m u / a v * H it a t o w p tv *^ 

P$Cit Bvt 
. «V(U odd ye* OAK VV iCJvv i i UH I) 

* .(I!#. (CtiaUlo UK pay *jT o 
*ca 
> * uCuv 

B it <,V 'Ile*'' i t * luV * a* ‘ a i( ^ i,( '.»( Va Pm at ii.*pv:*./ai' ' 
Mkt w#n lie i*a»til 

 ic.vc *'VUK rn <Jpv;ll O itiHZJ piV*>pV-Ua 

TC Jt'.VK Ai*(tt<>pH« 

 bu)l*./< i t ' j i i t t 
A t #*(;{( put 11* if d ti' </ 

 v w t t ip * H ilc jt 
.ii* v.'U hv v u ir >wK rn 
<.v«m 11/at* pi'aOwUifvv H/aiv ctlidz il 
VV 1 »>i;*» gdutq BHK t v UKC ova titk vt we 
Web j 11* sac- Gay 

I (V)U*miu Bam mK *vU* as)H( , 4 

 t i :v*URI 
/o i p 
Dkfeujjca p trv /ih tq 

U vw *-v»r‘ I W U K l l e c .u -v t ic im iU ': 
JKKleaf kilty cill ut*. *.u.s*vtm *fc «*iK 

 w v/fr V illi H lU iu ait* teg i*n k JU c p m ! tv pa v f lo* Vkikim.* w& C*, *r( }<• u»;*.a. 

 lit) u f* * /!tnr* U ' J \ A . c ll n h a V a)R eifi r I Wien Oui limn vav\ c)r.d 

 lie* UiW 4* 

LUI 1 
LLII ll 

(Ousw*f &CK u w * trm dfffl nn/r* 

IVV OU I IP** 
I iii 1 a-vrweti 
.4. • U;j *. ♦ v** I 

-.I 
! Ut .-.'a . • 

 ik.*i I iv ctc.i*k 

* t i Os t h i *: na# ti#! i 
• ?a/uG*iq<. ?p* 

■JJC*. bp»Vfek.: I **„ I 

H e d in V ppV 

I t**C" i b it' 4*^ ii kl 1 
^ i * 

C f t 
Mi 11 lifer 

 mrntmk iiuitfi 

 tit**- 'U g tiM iu h i i f 

 r« di>c ti* c i l l W WI I ii 1 liV U im r' V 

• p r«rn iij/ Mfe’v. 
V i n J : . . MiVf. VV - kpjfrtWK n irfjf di l* 
DV o W ’ 11 i( »l ki ev.wuim t>/ rimnVvl ti** rue 

 iiKrliQj 

 n '.u n iv : ff.fwuillltq 
'Ofltpeh vO'OV i fM>n*n n Lv/lM l*iTa*l»V' 

I * «t n u fCaUH en Iii,) ,a * »*vh 

 ti- ii 4* j/i * :j»ci J, *vy/fe' vt i Ort I * v TAM v* til) vV* ut ic pc iivvvtrit' **' m Aoi 1 *m tv ■' n ■* firu pf u .-p.* 

 b u . ti 

 pl OO/d 11 

 a**: lie 
• I rn v 
OiWd-Uil HP' C 

U Q L ) V j J t ' u w u m * * V w l 
Long Distancfc. 
Use it for all it s worth.